VOLUME/ XCVI— NO. 147.
SAN FRANCISCO, -TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1904.
PI&CE FIVE CENTS.
WILL SUE FOR TAX -MONEY INSTEAD
TT ±± "¦¦¦¦'-/-«¦• TV r ' . va •
tietty ur-een Refuses to (jive
Ltibfary to Native Town.
NOT A FEMALE CARNEGIE
ONE OF THE-.WORLD'S RICHEST WOMEN*.' WHO. INSTEAD OT GIVXXO A LI
BRARY. WILL, SUE THE TOWN* OF HER .BIRTH FOR A REDUCTION OF
THE ASSESSMENT ON HER PROPERTY. '
Continued to Pasre 2, Column 2.
* DAWSON. Oct. 24,-^-Steam naviga
tion; the full length of the Yukon is
practically closed. The river : Is full
of Ice. - The output for tha Klondike
this season Is . $9,500,000. ~£3HHffiBI
Yukon Navigation Closed.
;, RIO -DEi JANIERO.VOct. , 24.-rrThe
ChamberTof * Deputies * has v ; adopted ia
bill i authorizing .the .',: Government i*.to
placed contracts abroad for; the fhulld-'
ing of itwenty-eight;. warships. v ";-'".
Brazil to Build VWarships.
TROY, p., Oct 24.-V A- fire, which
started !to-day in 'the. livery, stable of
W.: H. Willis, In 'the, heart 'of the bus
iness*: district,":, destroyed ;. a J dozen \ or
more % business houses • and . residences.
Lossr$75,000; ;
Big Blaze In 1 Troy, Ohio.
:' ST.'-: LOUIS. Oct. ¦ 24.-^The fflf th;fa- :
tality^asl or result^ of- the £ battle. last
Friday '.> between I detectives r an d \'sus
pects ! occurred! to-night ;when"»WHlia"m
Morris, J i alias * C.;, C.% Blair, a? confessed
trains robber; died at *the ? Clty?Hospi-
Another- Train Robber Dead.
* LOS ANGELES, Oet:24.4-MaJor i G.
N. Nolan of this city ; to-night received
a telegram : frohv J.'.W. Bonnie'Vof jthe
Shannon Copper '¦. Company Vat ' Clifton,"
Ariz., ' ; r announcing r ¦ ' the j' , I accidental
death of C.~, D. .Webb while hunting^
C. D. Webb, it is said, ; was ?&\ nephew
of : Dr. Seward ; .Webb $ or •; New j jYork
and a brother.; of * Major -.Walter' D.'
•Webb of West ; Point MilItary?Acad
emy. C. ' Dr. Webb l,was 1 an * employe ; of
» mining .company at Clifton.^ r* .. ¦'•
Nephew of Seward .Webb Killed.
LONDON. Oct. 24:^— Lady: Dilke,
wife -of '. Sir . Charles ; Weritwofth Dilke.
died' suddenly- to-day = at r her ' residence
in -Woking; as. the 'result 'of » abrupture
of '"a 5 blood '.vessel. •v.She was«born Sep
tember X;-1840. - r : -;"
Sir ! Charles" Dllke's Wife Dead.
.-NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Oct 24. — The
$25,000 worth of jewels left on a seat
at the Grand Central -station. New
York, by Mrs. E. P-iGavit of Albany
have been recovered. . They .were
picked up with other ¦bundles by mis
take by a railroad employe.
Lost Jewels Are Recovered.
Rear, Admiral Manney , Recommends
Construction of Quarters for
* Bureau ; of : Equipment. /
WASHINGTON, ¦"pet". 2'4-TT-Rear Ad
miral : Manney, chief of the bureau . of
equipment; in j his annual 'report rec-"
ommends- an appropriation of $125;-
OOOiforva' bureau of equipment build
ing : at l Mare : Island," ¦ Cal. .
ANOTHER BUILDING FAVORED
.FOR YARD AT » MARE ISLAND
, . '.'Granny" is * the last play, in which
Mrs. ' Gilbert • is to appear. It will run
for. three weeks, after which Mrs.
Gilbert, who ' Is t now 8 3 years . of age.
will retire,.: having been in -the the
atrical ' profession . for sixty, years.
NEW YORK, Oct 24.— With the au
dience on fits' feet cheering Mrs. Gil
bert and singing , the "chorus of "Auld
Lang Syne," the curtain went down at
the Lyceum Theater to-night ; on the
first - performance of - "Granny." ' the
new play.. written . for , Mrs.'; Gilbert by
Clyde Fitch. At the end of the per
formance . Mrs.' Gilbert , recited an epi- (
logue .written, for; her, and this .was
the signal for a noisy tribute.' the like
of which has been j rarely. witnessed.
Stirs Audience ; to Great
Enthusiasm.:
Aged Actress in Her Farewell Play
No official or unofficial Russian ex
planation of the * unfortunate . affair. Is
forthcoming • up ' to . this time, and* the
world must wait \until-= to-morrow to
hear Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's ver
sion of the firing upon the British fish
ermen. - - RoJeBtven8ky -> has ¦ communi
cated direct . to the Emperor/; but . at
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct 24. Rep
resentative Russians regard the attack
or the Baltic fleet on helpless fisher
men off the English coast as a national
dishonor. They admit that it reveals
their countrymen as. lacking in keen
ness' of wit self-control and courage.
No serious complication with Great
Britain Is expected, for; the Govern
ment will make prompt *and ample
reparation;' but hope is practically de
stroyed that- the fleet will accomplish
great deeds In the Far . East It is
believed that Rojestvensky himself is
blameless, since he accompanied; the
first : squadron, which" sailed past the
fleet of ¦< trawlers, ¦ leaving them un
molested. - V.: . l ' - , .
North Sea Affair Regarded as a Na
.. tional Dishonor. •
CHAGRIN IN RUSSIA.
SPLENDID DEMONSTRATION *
IN HONOR OF MRS. GILBERT
.IfEWARK. N. J.. Oct 24.-James
Smith Jr., receiver qt the United States
Shipbuilding Company, sold at public
auction* to-day all that portion of the
property of the United States Ship
building Company. which had been ad
judged to be mortgaged to the Mercan
tile Trust Company and the New York
Security and,, Trust Company. The sale
included everything owned by the com
pany outside of, the stock and plant
There was only one bidder, George R.
Sheldon, who represented the Sheldon
reorganization committee.
Purchased by Only Bidder. G. R; Shel
don, of the Reorganization
SHIPBUILDING TRUST
PROPERTY AT AUCTION'
..<: PLYMOUTH, Mass.,. Oct 24.— The
independent j tobacco companies '= have
won their suit . against the i tobacco
trust For the first time the Superior
Court has been called "upon' to con
sider the statute ; of 1901, providing
that ho one shall make as a condi
tion of the sale of any goods that the
purchaser, shair not deal In the goods
of any ; ; competing ' corporation, < firm
or individual. . . • •
. ; The. consequences of the verdict
renderedat.this'afternooh's session of
the ; Superior Court are expected to be
fa^ reaching » and: the' United States
Supreme >; Court ; may be appealed to
finally ;to determine the status of the
law.':-'iaSB*HH8Es£-.
The suit was the outcome of ; the
prolonged '.warfare between the- tobac
co] trust /and : the; independent . tobacco
companies.;. .
Court Upholds .Statutes Forbidding
Sales on Conditions Which
:>.; Give . a' Monopoly.:
INDEPENDENTS SCORE
V AGAINST TOBACCO TRUST
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Walter Scott
of Death Valley, Cal., is at the Herald;
Square Hotel, . •where he is the . center
of Interest ; He Is a gold' miner who
came to New York with a view to get-J
ting his diggings , properly . financed.
He wore a, blue flannel shirt and .a
red necktie. His sole anxiety was that
the New- Yorkers might think he was
a bad . man ' from the . gulch . and run
away, when ; he appeared ' in , a cafe or
a barber : shop.
- "Gentlemen," he said reassuringly,
"I never carry anything more danger
ous than a bag of gold dust and some
nuggejkfl. Death Valley Is a very, peace-,
ful sort of a place ; and If ¦ miners ; out
there gamble and 'stake their lives
they only do It for fun.',' , - S v
Scott will L leave - here . to-night ¦ for
Chicago en , route : home. i
Walter Scott Makes a Trip to 'the
Metropolis to- Have His Dig- /
Kings ¦ Financed. ¦
MINER FROM DEATH VALLEY
INTERESTS NEW YORKERS
When Kelly went to his sweetheart's
home to-day after procuring the mar
riage license the girl's mother ordered
him away and locked the bride-to-be
In a closet He persisted and then hi3
future mother-in-law landed on his eye
and slammed the door in his face.
* Mrs. Weisenberger went to the police
station to procure a warrant for Kelly's
arrest and while she was gone Miss
Eleanora succeeded In breaking out of
her prison. She Joined Kelly, who was
waiting outside, and they hurried to
the home of a preacher and were mar
ried.
CINCINNATI, Oct 24.— Although h-fc
face was vigorously pounded In a pre
liminary round with his mother-in-law
and he had a black eye as the result,
Albert E. Kelly Ted pretty Eleanora
Weisenberger to the altar to-day. He
could see out of only one eye, but this
did not decrease his love or determina
tion to get married, he told the m\n
ister:-rSMBKBEffBU
About a year ago Jack Welsh was
shot and thrown from a swiftly mov
ing train near' Winnemucca. Investi
gation : followed v and these four men
were arrested and charged with the
murder. They were tried in the courts
at Winnemucca, found guilty and sen
tenced to-be hanged. They were re
moved to th&jState penitentiary and a
death watch placed 'over them for sev
eral weeks. A* few days priori to the
date set for ¦ execution anewitrlal was
a Jl5i ed 't them « :by - the Supreme Court
At this time also the State prisoners at
Carson raised 1 $75, which was used to
help them gain 'the rehearing.
1 RENO.. Oct.; 24.— The felons at the
State penitentiary at Carson City have
subscribed money to the amotfnt of
$48 to' aid'in . the defense of Roberts,
Sebener, Gorman 1 and Ritz of Winne
mucca, whose. second trial for the
murder of Jack Welsh began here to
day. The money is already in the
hands of the accused.
CHICAGO, Oct 24.— Hundreds of
fashionable out-of-town guests arriv
ing for horseshow week had Chicago's
smallpox scare dinned into their ears
shortly after, registering at the hotels
to-day and hastened to make 1 "dates"
with house physicians for arm-scratch
ing operations. -It: wag. an Incident In
the most widespread vaccination cam
paign Chicago has seen In years.
Guests registering at the Michigan
avenue hotels learned that there was
"something doing" in • the .vaccination
line when ' they rang for icewater.
They waited Inordinately long .for
"service" and then * found that- about
1000 employes of the Auditorium Hotel.
the Annex and the Victoria were un
dergoing wholesale vaccination/. This
big "scrape" is under * the personal
charge of House Physician Hammond
of the Annex, who ; superintended at
staff of ten men engaged to attend, to
the bellboys, '.. porters and chamber
maids in the three hotels named and
in the Chicago Club.
At the Great Northern, the Morrison,
the Brlggs House and the Bismarck
Hotel, It. was said, a . large . number of
guests had been treated either by house
physicians or outside practitioners-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sp«el*l DUpatch to Th» CaR
• A few months ago' they notified the
Election Commission that there was
sufficient population and that they de
sired to create a new : precinct The
Commissioners compliedv^ith the re
quest the precinct was created, a reg
istry agent was appointed, the ballots
printed and everything put In readi
ness for election day. - Now, almost
at the last* minute word, comes- to
County Clerk Nesbitt that the registry
agent has not time to attend the meet
ings and that the people- do not care
to register.
RENO, Oct 24. — Two hundred men
at Bird Springs, Lincoln County, Nev.,
have notified the County Clerk that
they do not wish .to cast their ballots
nt the coming election. They say that
they are too busy and desire that the
precinct lately created In that district
be discontinued.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Arm-Scraping Epidemic in
City of Chicago.
Future Mother-in-Law Up
percuts Groom-to-Be. "
Citizens of Nevada
Too Busy to Vote at
November Election
Felons Raise Money
For Defense of Four
Accused Murderers
CARRIES A BLACK
EYE TO THE ALTAR
MANY HORSE SHOW
GUESTS VACCINATED
1 The attack on the station .was made
when but one officer was on duty and
he was compelled to give up the keys
at "the point of a pistol. The. mob
seized Blount and carried him Into a
near bv field, where he •¦. was beaten
to death with: some blunt Instrument
and then shot. .The mob dispersed and
the authorities declare they lyiow
none of the participants.
• Norfolk companies of 'the Seventy
'flrst Regiment have been ordered to
Berkeley.; The negro population ; of
the town is excited over the'lynch
ing of Blount and serious trouble is
feared. ¦
NORFOLK. Va.. Oct 24 (Midnight).
Berkeley, the scene of : the ¦ lynching
of % the ; negro Blount,' is now ' under
martial . law. Two encounters occurred
to-night between the. troops and ne
groes, j One negro' refused ; to obey, or
ders to "move on , and : was bayoneted,
but riot seriously hurt.
Two : militiamen called upon a negro
seen .crossing -a lot to: halt. In reply
he ' opened . fire on them . and they re
plied. The negro fired three times and
fell in" front of j the soldiers' fire. As
they , rushed toward him he Jumped up
and rani . escaping . in ' the darkness. It
is thought he is wounded. There is an
ugly .undercurrent "of feeling 'existing
among the.negroes of * the town.
NORFOLK. Va.. Oct. 24.— George
W. Blount, a negro proprietor of a
.fish . and • oyster ' shop in the suburbs
of I Berkeley, who had been for many
years a. Republican leader and at one
time held a' position in the Norfolk
navy yard, was taken to-day from
the police : station where he was con
fined by a mob of fifty • masked men
and lynched. Blount had been arrest
ed Saturday night for striking T. D.
Holloman, a Berkeley policeman, in
the face with a lighted • lamp, badly*
burning him. The officer had gone
to Blount's place to arrest a negro,
but Blount refused him permission to
enter.
Mob of Fifty: in Virginia
Takes Him From the Jail
and Beats Him to Death
BOSTON, Oct. 24.— Hetty Green re
fuses to " pose as a female Camegfe.
The people of the town of Wendell.
Mass., Hetty's former home town, had
hopes that she would give them a
library, or at least would contribute to
a fund for the dissemination of 'liter
ature. ,
.In a curt Jetter Mrs. Green nips in
the bud all such cherished hopes < and
warns them that, furthermore, she will
invoke the aid of the law to cut down
her tax bill from $25 to $22 60.
The Green house is the most'dllap-
MASKED MEN
LYNCH NEGRO
idated in the town, though it stands
on a most conspicuous site, next in
prominence to that of the village
church. Last winter the roof fell In:
the floors had given way long ago and
the house has been wlndowless for
years.
Mrs. Green refuses to pay for repairs
and she also refuses to allow the town
to remodel the , house for a library.
At present It Is but an unpleasant re
minder of the days when Hetty lived
there with her husband and two chil
dren.
and his?; assistant. They^ brought him
Into- town, -where he "was placed under
arrest.. and. charged with placing an
obstruction on the track. Had "the
engine not "died" as it did It would
have • met the incoming freight near
the Table Bluff tunnel and a head-on
collision would have resulted, :¦¦.'.¦
An, old acquaintance of -Ray this
afternoon claimed that his right name
is Lester, and that he is one of the
convicts who escaped from Folsom
some months ago.
Ray has been at work the last few
weeks on the new city hall building in
this city. He is a heavy drinker and
it. is thought that he has become
crazed from the excessive use of spirits.
He was placed under $2000 bail, in de
fault of which he is now In the County
Jail. . -
EUREKA. Oct. 24.— A young man
giving the name of Roy Ray caused a
great deal of excitement this morning
at an early hour by stealing a loco
motive out of the carhouse at Arcata
and running her full speed to Salmon
Creek, a distance of twenty miles. As
he approached the crossings he
whistled. and rang a; bell. of warning.
At Salmon Creek the station agent, J.
D. Adams, heard the locomotive go by
and he started to investigate. On go
ing out he found that the engine had
"died" "a short distance away. . In the
cab was Ray, who said he was waiting
for her to cool down. She had very
little water in the boiler and only sixty
pounds of steam up. The engine is
ruined.
Ray was taken in charge by Adams
Drink-Grazed ; Man-; Steals Locomotive
and Takes Fl^ngrMidnightrTrip.
WILD RIDE OF A LUNATIC
LONDON, Oct. 24. — Great Britain
to-day sent a long and urgent note to
the Russian Government, officially de
tailing the circumstances of the amaz
ing and unexplained attack by the
Russian Second Pacific squadron dur
ing the night of October 21 on British
fishing: boats in the North Sea. The
text of the note has not been given out,
itut-^t - is-^jra^rany : stat*«i* troTTi *¦ the
Foreign Office that it contains the slg- '
niflcant announcement that "the situa-,
tion Is one which, in the opinion of his
Majesty's Goverment, does not brook
delay."
Meanwhile, the conservative public
and press are remarkably undemon
strative. As usual the jingo element
demands war and even in official quar
ters some go so far as to say that It
may be necessary to stop the Pacific
fleet pending settlement of the whole
affair, though this extreme measure,
it is believed, will not be necessary.
Everywhere there is - evidence of the
very positive opinion that this is no
time for the usual diplomatic dilly
dallying: that there must be no delay
and no limit set by Russia to her apol
ogy or the extent of- compensation for
eufferers by what King Edward him
self terms "the unwarranted action"
Of the Baltic. squadron commanders.
KING EXPRESSES SORROW.
The King sent the following mes
sage to the Mayor of Hull:
"From Francis Knollys, Bucking
ham Palace. October 24, 1904. To His'
Worship, the Mayor of Hull: The
King commands me to say that he has
heard with profound sorrow of the
unwarrantable action which has been
committed against the North Sea fish
ing fleet and ask you to express the
deepest sympathy of the Queen and
his Majesty to. the families of those
•who have suffered from this most la
mentable occurrence. KNOL.L.YS."
Francis Knollys, Baron of Favor-
Fham, Is the private secretary of King
Edward.
The deep resentment of tire whole
British public, however. Is reflected by
the . Incident at the Victoria station
to-night on the arrival of Count
Benckendorff from the Continent.
There is no attempt anywhere among
men of responsibility to magnify the
occurrence Into a deliberate act of
•war, but in view of the present inabil
ity to find an explanation there is be
ing poured upon the heads of the offi
cers of the sauadron a flood of invect
ive and insinuation, though incompe
tence first and thereafter complete
panic Is the most generally accepted
explanation.
"SO WORD FROM ST. PETERSBURG
Thus far no official word has been
received from St. Petersburg as to the
attitude of the Russian Government.
The fact that it had been decided dur
ing the day to prepare a Bemi-official
note expressing the regret of the Rus
elan Government and its willingness
to make full reparation so soon aa the
responsibility is fixed was communi
cated by the press to Lord Lansdowne
and was the first information on the
subject he had received 'from St
Petersburg. The absence during the
day of Count Benckendorff, the Rus
elan Embassador, necessarily caused
some delay, but the Russian Charge
d' Affaires, who called at the Foreign
Office on request by note from Lord
Lansdowne, unofficially expressed deep
regret and, cs far as it was possible
for him to go, gave assurance' of speedy
action by the Russian Government.
Lord Lansdowne, in this Interview, told
Bansonoff, the Charge, that he desired
to Bee Embassador Benckendorff on
Tuesday, morning. Lord Lansdowne
asked if he could offer any
explanation of the, affair and the lat
ter replied that he only knew what had
appeared in the papers and that he
had' not received any word up to* that
time from St. Petersburg. Lord Lans
idowne grave, no euggestlon as to what
might be done in the matter.
RUSSIA'S COURSE IS PLAIN.
. At the - Russian embassy It was
stated that "the whole affair .was so
obviously a mistake, from ' whatever
cause, that Russia's course was plain
ly dictated— namely, apology and am
ple compensation." . All eyes - are now
turned toward St. ' Petersburg, await
ing, word ' from * the . Russian .- Govern
rcen^'apQHSBBBVBHMBwflBttfir'
. Earl Onslow, president of the Board
The attack on the trawlers, the Pall
Mall Gazette says, "affords proof pos
itive that the Russian squadron is a
dangerous lunatic and a terror to all in
its ¦wicinity." •
, The phenomenon of a sudden panic, espe
cially at night. Is well known. It 1* a tem
porary Insanity which may seize even vet
eran soldiers and eallore in peaceful transit
of the high ffas and consequently is to be
treated as «uch. Th» British Government,
however, cannot run the risk of the repetition
of an outrage which might send a Me liner
full of men, women and children to the bot
tom of the e*a. It ie possible for the British
Government to give orders that for the rest
of Us voyage the Rusdan squadron shall be
accompanied and shepherded by British war
ships, whose duty it will be to steady the
JiTT.ee of the Russian admiral by a clear In
timation that. the first ehot fired at a British
vessel will be regarded as an act of war.
Not only must Russia make an humble apology,
but England must . employ the . material force
of her sea power to provide that there be no
repetition of this intolerable offense. •
The Russian squadron, moreover, is not
manned hjr e^anoned officers and men. for the
flower of the Russian navy Is or wa« In the
***¦ *-»¦«- a scratch pack of more or less In
competent people are navigating a still more
incompetent »quadron to almost certain de
struction, and they know It
The Pall Mall Gazette said editorial
ly this afternoon:
The actual casualties during the one
sided bombardment off Dog'ger Bank
can be correctly stated since the arri
val at London this evening of the car
rying,>hip Swift, reporting the safety
of the missing trawlers. The Swift
left the fleet &u 10 a. m. on October 23.
Her captain says:
"The Russians gave not the slightest
warning prior to the commencement of
the firing. The admiral of the fishing
fleet sent up a rocket of warning and
then the firing commenced. He again
sent up four green rockets, but this
only seemed to increase the ferocity of
the bombardment. The poor marks
manship of the Russian gunners was
the only thing that saved the entire
fleet within range of the searchlights
and guns."
At the inquest at Hull to-day It was
stated that one vessel, the Crane, was
sunk and that four or five were more
or less damaged. In the statement of
the Coroner to the jury that official
caid it was a question of very grave
and possibly international importance,
but it would be their duty to find who
were the murderers of the dead men.
After the identification of the bodies
the inquest adjourned to November 2.
SLAVS XEED A GUARDIAN.
ONLY ONE BOAT SUNK.
"extraordinary 4 incident" until the
country had some authentic informa
tion. The whole affair, he said, seemed
eo unaccountable that one could not
help feeling jsure there would be an ex
planation of what must have been a
gigantic "blunder..^Earl Onslow added
tbat tha country might -rely; upon; one
thing, ;namely. that the Emperor of
Russia, "who is known throughout the
world for. his feelings" of, humanity,
could not fall to be depressed by such
an incident."
of Agriculture, speaking in Stirling
to-night, said it would ;,be well if
explanations were, not sought for this
I. COPENHAGEN, Oct. 24. — The Russian Ice breaker Ermak has ar
rived in the roads vrith her stern tube damaged.
6T. JOHNS, N. F.. Oct- 24. — The British cruiser Charybdls, Commo
dore Paeet, received orders this evening to be In readiness to proceed to
England on a moment's notice. The traininer ship Calypso has been ordered
to arrange for the mobilization of 500 men of the Newfoundland reserves.
There is mnch excitement in naval circles here.
PARIS, Oct. 24. — The Matin's Cherbourg correspondent reports that
he interviewed the commander of the Russian torpedo flotilla, which left
that port Monday, who said that during Sunday night a wireless mes
sage from Vice Admiral Rojestvensky had been received, as follows:
•"Redouble precautions and vigilance. Enemy sighted in channel.".
ROME. Oct. 24. — The Russian Embassy here explains the attack of the
Russian Pacific squadron on the Hull fishing fleet by the statement that a
report had been received hi St. Petersburg that the Japanese' would try
to damage Russian ships with explosives thrown 1 from fishing boats. In
deed, tlie Embassador said, he suspected that the squadron opened fire
only after an attempt had been made to attack some of the ships.
' TACOMA, Oct. 24.— The 'discovery Ui
the Andes mountains, two hundred and
fifty miles from Arauco/Chile, of a city
deserted for two thousand years, but
once inhabited .presumably by Aztecs
of much larger stature than those who
lived In Central America, is reported
here by two men -just returned from
Chile. They expect to add much to the
scientific knowledge : of South America,
historically, and are hurrying east to,
present the results of their researches
to American and German scientists. *
The discoverers are Professor Emil
Von Burgess of Berlin, a "famous
archaeologist of Germany, and William
J. He.minway of New .York, who has
explored South America."- At the head
of a party of five they have spent a
year on a special" expedition of explo
ration. The deserted city was found; in
a small valley which was reached only
after weeks of. hardship. It is In an
excellent state of - preservation. Stone
houses, probably built twenty centuries
ago,, are still standing upright. The
tools of husbandary 'and household
Implements found are of stone, Her
mltecally, sealed graves give evidence of
a high -state" of civilization. A large
number of articles found in the desert
ed city are -being taken 'East. . -
"The . city. -'. comprised . fifteen . hundred
souls.? Von -Burgess believes that either
a flood or disease . exterminated the in
habitants. . •<.--.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Yesterday Commons and Mrs. Bell were seen at "The Buckingham," a
lodging-house, but to-day they are in hiding. Mrs. Rhoda Bell is the wife
of Joseph Bell and was prominent in Windsor. . She has a daughter 8 years
of a£e there. Commons was a friend of Bell and a frequent caller at the
house, and there he conceived and declared his affection ; for Mrs. Bell and
found it reciprocated. Bell found it out and drove Commons away with
a gun, friends barely saving the contractor's life. Bell had Commons and
Mrs. Bell arrested on a serious charge, but friends again intervened.
The affair was hushed up on the contractor's promise to keep away,
which he didn't keep.
As a sensational windup of the disgraceful romance. Commons collected
his wife's life insurance of $2000, sold his home for $2300, drew what savings
he had In the bank and deliberately decamped with Mrs. Bell, their destina
tion being unknown until they were discovered In this city.
It is said Bell has sworn to kill the destroyer of his home on sight and to
follow him to the end of the earth If necessary to do so.
LOS ANGELES, . Oct. 24.— James Commons, a wealthy Detroit contrac
tor, and Mrs. Joseph Bell, the principals in an. international elopement that
scandalized the East, have been traced to this 1 " city. If Commons thought
he could hide himself from a deserted husband and child by coming to the
western- end of the continent he" was mistaken, for it is said the Masonic
fraternity, in which he was a local leader, will pursue him relentlessly, hav
ing taken steps to expel him. It is said it was through the'Masons he was
traced here. . •. . -. ./ ~r';* '%¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fleets Blunder Unexplained
Indications Show That Place Was De
serted Twenty Centuries Ago .by
Tribe of Aztecs.
Detroit Pair Traced to Coast
|||| by Secret Order.
Stumble Upon an Ancient
Village in Mountains
Near Arauco.
ELOPERS FROM EAST
IN LOS ANGELES.
RUSSIA MUST
MAKE PROMPT
REPARATION
German and Ameri
can Explorers tlie .
'•¦£' Discoverers.
SCIENTISTS
FIND A CITY
OF THE DEAD
MOB IN LONDON ATTACKS THE EMBASSADOR
OF THE RUSSIAN EMPEROR
J O^DON, Oct. 24. — There was a hostile demonstration at Victoria station to-night upon the arrival of Count Benckendorff^ the
x "" 1 ' Jtussian Embassador to Great Britain. A crowd gathered and hooted him and attempted to break the windows of his carriage. The
steotiship Espcransa, which is due to sail from Barry with provisions for the Russian Baltic fleet, was found to-day to be in a sink
ing condition, tier hull having been pierced below the water line. The injury is not explained, but it must have been done to-day
am it is suggested locally tiiat it is the wanton act of some men employed about the ship in resentment of the North Sea incident.
ALCAZAR— "The Wlld«ra«sa."
CALIFORNIA— "Frlta and Snlts."
CENTRAL — "Paul Kanvar."
COLUMBIA— -San Toy.". ;¦
CHUTES— Vaudeville .
GRANI>— "Arizona."
LYRIC; HALL— Dramatio Readtar.
MAJESTIC— "Wh« W» Were Twenty.
On«.".
ORFHETTM— Vaudeville! *
T1VOLI— "D«r Rastelblad«r.**
THE THEATERS.
WEATHER. •
' Forecast m*4e at S*a Francisco for
hlrty boon, cadlss mldnlsbt. Octo
ber 99:
gaa TYanctoeo and Vicinity— Goody
Tneadajr. irlth fog; fresh sostlrwest
-wtnda.
A- O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco CallTo r Cure ; a s Cold j in" One] Day
Take i. Laxative ' Bromo"" Quinine ¦ Tablet*. Alt
& > aW.tOroTa'«i>l > natarailafonTw«dilBO«.iifa.«
A - Guaranteed uCnre ;¦ tor.i P^les.
: -r Itching," Blind, Bleeding for.' Protnidlng-l pll«i.'
Your druggist will refund money; If PAZO OINT
MENT rails to'curtrrouin e to,M daya; 60c •,
Award I for ; Standard ' Dictionary.
, '(Special [to ThelCall.)-
; .ST. LOUIS, Mo.;\Oct^4>^-World*s Fair
Judges r to : day,' gave] grand [ prize,-7 highest
award. \ to r i Funk? & :;,Wagnalls ?. for 4 their.
Standard t Dictionary* and -gold 'medal', for
their -".Literary .•* Digest' and reference
mmStKR^..-''J^'v- ,-'"--' ' < -...'. ¦.-¦ .-*
yiCTORiA.r; B^rc; , Oct.^ 24— it is
learned from' officials at- Esquimalt to
night that ' orders'.-, have ? been 4 received
from Admiralty^headquarters ) directing
the | immediate ] concentration | of ithe : ] en-i
tire ' Pacific " squadron * at j*E3quimalt:H
M.r S. ¦« Flora, ; nowi in \ Central f American
waters,^ has i been • ordered^ to ireftirn *' at
once ; instead 2: of £f proceeding «^ to ;^Val
paraiso.*AThere^ is ' much"; activity at the
naval ¦ stationYand {imperial; barracks. 'I
to i Concentrate.
Euffland's Pacific Squadron Is Ordered
ACTTVITY v AT J ESQUIMALlC
i ; st;;; Petersburg, oct 24i--The
official i returns ? of J the j> Russian i losses
received iupUo' daterdo'notlexceed.SO -
000; '¦}. The t Russians i* buried 1 5 0 0 ? Japi
ariese at' Lone'.Tree ¦ Hill. -' ' % ' ' ''¦
v TOKIO;; pet :24. : — The {Japanese
headquarters; to-day: published the fol
lowing report,"' received yesterday:. . .
;•: ; '.'Since the, last telegram referring 'to
the]; enemy's I dead,'! the^ bodies \ left t on
the : field | have? been 1 , increased kto|the
following: "Found by .! the J right army,
|B200;^found^bytthertleft"; army, 5603;
found by the center J army,*; 2 5 3 0 ; ! total,"
il3,333:f;X".The? number -; of prisoners
captured: totals* 7 09.'.'. : : v v
RUSSIAN t LOSSES i INCREASE.
;TOKIO, : COct 24.^-Promlnent of
flcials, while deplorihg ; the Iqsis of , ; life
In , the • astonishing. . episode. In ;the
North ¦ Sea; 'are 'i pleased with the (evi
dence 3 afforded v that - the ' t *' Baltic /Sea
fleet " Is not i likely.. t6 \ improve \ the , rec
ordTof I its sister; »quadron7atiPort 'Ar
ithur. £f The attack % is ; attributed" to I a
mistake. 4 though 1 such a" mistake is dif
ficult to explain. The Japanese proba
bly would % be 2 forced*' to s think \ other
,wise * but? fori their* certain! knowledge
of 5the; singular* methods ; , of seaman
ship 'i in ; vogue Vat -; Port :'i r The
conviction' is deep seated'.that.the;Bal
tic ? fleet,? if i it 1 ever. ' shou Id ¦¦¦ reach \ the
Far|East,-iwiir be in poor^ condition,'"
both! in'i respect ;to ¦; ships ¦ and ; person
nel, to ' meet the . disciplined ' sea I forces
of the 1 Mikado; f -: v' ¦ ¦: c ; y^, .- -
North' Sea' Incident Reveals ; Iricompe
' ': tenceTof Offlcers.
. .PARIS, Oct; 24,-f The action of -the
Russian ¦ second Pacific squadron I in
firing on and sinking -British i fishing
boats, has ; roused Intense : Interest- in
official circles -¦ and ; : among the public
generally, here. The ; officials say; that
Russia will undoubtedly, make \ an ?im
mediateo explanation) and apology and
pay^an^ample indemnity. While It is
said that this will probably; relieve; the
affair from grave v international results,'
yet, i. the officials : say, > it will ¦ fur ther
Btrain i: the ; relations -' between -Great
Britain and Russia arid emphasize the
growing'animosity of the.British peo
ple' against Russia. .V- ;
v . : - At ;¦ the . Russian embassy it ' is ex
plained .that- the squadron at r ; Port
'Arthur i has i been \ reproached . for j lack
of - diligence, . resulting { in . the "i initial
disaster:^This ledito the adoption ; of
measures of' extreme prec vi tion." ! ; The
Russian ' authorities \ recently; were ; in
formedHhatithe Japanese spy, service
was ; organizing, ; particularly at" Stock-;
holm,'-; plans "'¦ for; arming merchantmen
and : ? fishing X boats ¦-, for a the ? purpose of
torpedoing i the * Russian -5 ships.- - The
RusslanVofQcers -fully * expected > such
attacks '•¦ and J therefore iwere
ly looking out' for! floating, mines and
other destructive « agencies. ; : - It ; is (also
declared*, that: Japanese -were detected
prowling -near: the Russian ; hospital
ship.Orel- at Toulon. */ v r . '-' . - ' -**
Rojestvensky Informed That Japanese
t Were Arming Fishipg Boats*
"I am ! ill with \ the • fatigue of a ? long
Journey and ; anxiety, but . I 'J authorize
you to 'say. for. me. to the people of Eng
land that 1 1 am { absolutely, certain that
what occurred % was a \ deplorable I acci
dent ; and ? nothing els©; -" My ; regret \ and
my. country's regret . it\ is, I • am sure/
unnecessary to speak of." - : ¦ >' : ; ' r ¦
Regret is expressed that there should
have been any demonstration against
Count Benckendorff,* the Russian .Em
bassador, who "' personally/* is ? credited
with ' friendly feelings v toward - ! Great
Britain. ;The ¦ Standard; declares ~ that
such a foolish :' demonstration is .- not
worth t al king about. J : I . . . '; - 1 ; ? . :
The Dally rNews olaims : to have ob
tained v the i following ' \ statement ; from'
Count Benckendorff rJS^HSS.^. l^'v .•..'¦•' ;
King Edward's telegram i characteriz
ing ¦ the ' affair • as "unwarrantable" - i Is
considered to < reflect well the i national
temper and the fact .that' his ; Majesty
hss taken the • unusual j course ' to*, thus
interfere in ! a diplomatic ¦ matter givea
the greatest satisfaction,! as emphasiz
ing the exceptionally grave nature of
the crislB^^Bg&GBEtowBMBBBBtt&SMEUBBM
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The feature of the
editorial articles in the newspapers this
morning is a practically unanimous de
mand that the Government ": insist upon
the punishment : of the Russian f officers
responsible for the 'Dogger; Bank affair
as the only. possible assurance against
a recurrence of the kind/Without this,"
it is argued, the seas will be unsafe" for
any, peaceful ; vessel. 7 "- . ' •
Editorials Insist Upon Punishment ; of
Russian Oilicers. •
DE3IANDS OF BRITISH PRESS.
EXPECTED A NIGHT. ATTACK.
CAUSES JAPAN TO SMILE.
;Such outspoken "criticism .would
never have been, permitted; under the
Vo'h Plehwe regime. ; The, newspapers
which .' publish ; the article have ; not a
word ; ; In7 defense " of I the . . bureaucracy,
but',they.do^ indorse the prospects of a
| constitution^; the ' Sviet '- pointing" 'out
that Emperor. Nicholas' manifesto'for
mally>"declared"• his ; intention *¦¦ of ?up^
holdings autocrocy , and V: that Interior
Minister % Mirsky Is - . , pledged to the
manifesto. . ' "": 7 ,: ''¦':¦
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct: 24J— A re
markable study of thV . war ' and its
problems by._M. 'Petrousskevitch,' a
well known writer, .appears, in. _ the
Pravo, a .weekly" paper, \ and is attract
ing a good deal of attention." . He bold
ly ; maintains that T i: Russia's ; reverses
are : due~ to , the ¦ restrictions ¦; placed - on
the liberties of the .nation, declaring
that, , . whatever ; the . outcome of [-1 the
struggle with Japan," Russia will win a
victory for i constitutionalism. . He
adds: '¦¦ ' % ,
The war has glaringly revealed. the cause of
the -, evil < and baa showed the hopeless .-. condi
tion to : which .a : great nation: may be brought
by the j derivation of all f cftdom • of thought,
feeling and. action.*," The bureaucracy, possess
ing all the strings of irresponsible power,' keeps
the ' people under : a - tutelage which ; has '.never
attained such proportions," has never, with such
arbitrary j methods , flouted > the . law.-, and - never
made ; the country feel Its: power, so i painfully,'
as during, the past few i i mi l||l>'lffi»%R>|il|iHi
strictions Upon ¦ Liberty.
Attributes Russian Reverses to Re-
RUSSIAN VTRITER IS BOLD.
HARBIN, Oct. v 2 4. — A. number of
Japanese prisoners have been brdught
to this place.' The Japanese are heav
ily fortifying" the village of Lamunt
ingr. It is snowing to-day.
Snow Falling. at Harbin.
ternpt been made to Justify the firing
upon " inndcent fishermen. ¦' It" is felt
that Rojestvensky is - too good a man
and officer to be summarily condemned.
It is agreed that he is entitled to ' a
hearing, but even the Admiralty
gretfully admits that it is at a loss
to understand what explanation could
Justify such an apparently coldblooded
act as the affair is made to appear by
foreign reports. ; * '
It developed during the day. that the
Admiralty had strong reason to believe
that an attempt would be made against
the squadron • during its passage
through the Great Belt or \he English
Channel. So specific was the Informa
tion that • even the present : crisis I haa
not diverted attention from the -'pos
sibility of such an attack yet occurring.
The failure of the steam trawlers, with
their nets out, to obey the signals from
the Russian warships or the nervous
ness of some officer who imagined that
fishermen, working with their nets in
the water were laying mines may have
been responsible for the blunder.- * ':
As soon as the facts are established
It is certain that the Russian Govern
ment will voluntarily offer the ' fullest
reparation. , It. Is hinted that the Em
peror to-morrow will ; send a formal
message to King Edward conveying
his profound sorrow, for the , incident
and offering . to make what .reparation
is possible as soon as the responsibility
can be fixed. These advance % assur
ances, it is hoped, will be; met • in an
amicable spirit by Great Britain. •,?..
LONDON, Oct 24.— In order that
there, should be no possible «error re
garding the"- peaceful occupation of the
flshermen'killed^byrthe fire, from the
Russian warships in the North' Sea, the
Foreign iOBice has communicated to
the Hull Coroner a request that "the
bodies from the Crane should be photo
graphed and unimpeachable medical
testimony . called to show that the
grasp of articles in the dead men's
hands was due to rigor mortis and not
to being subsequently placed there."
The articles referred to are a fish
and a knife found in the hands of the
dead captain of the Crane. "
It is understood that the Government
also has invited the Russian Embassy
to send medical men 'to -examine the
bodies.
BODIES TO BE PHOTOGRAPHED
trenches^ V^ 'r : u \-'*l .':'.: •
This plan of the Russians,; to en
trench as they ad.vance, was adopted
because it was found in. the recent big
battle that it impossible to , ad
vance . without some protection in the
face of the Japanese shrapnel fire.
The Russian batteries are now bet
ter screened thanv they were in former
engagements,; but the troops on both
sides, apparently, make no great ef
forts to conceal themselves.
The/ Russian and Jrpanese armies
are now separated by less than four
miles and the whole field of operations
of both armies "can be plainly seen.
The; question of fuel is becoming a
serious one. ' The greater part of the
Chinese corn* has already been used for
fuel and for fodder, while most of the
houses in. the ; Chinese villages have
been destroyed and their wood used for
fuel. Without fuel and without shelter
beyond .that provided by tents,- it
seems Impossible for the armies, to re
main in the field during, the Increasing
cold weather.
MUKDEN, Oct. 24.— The Russian^
forces on the left again crossed x the
Shakhe River. on October 21, and are
now pushing forward toward the Jap
anese positions, entrenching * as .they
advance. At the same time Russian
batteries- are .= continually bombarding
the Japanese, who "can be plainly seen
busily .engaged > in 'the ¦ making of
Kuropat kin's ' Left Columns Again
Cross the Shakhe River.
RUSSIAN ARMY ADVANCING.
. ."The attack on the trawlers was ob
viously, either an act of war or a great
mistake. No sensible man. can' now
think It : was an act of war, and there
fore it was a mistake, and ; when 1 you
have made a mistake all "you 'can do is
to apologize and pay for it. Neither
the trawlers nor the, affair of to-night
is likely *; to ; produce a ' clash ; between
two /powers who have ' every reason,
from a , selfish point of ! view, • to pre
serve peace between themselves." A | V
With such vigilance did they carry
out their task that when Prince Svlato
polk-MIrsky, a cousin of the new Rus
sian Minister of the | Interior and sec
ond secretary^ of the embassy, arrived
he -had hard work getting in. Count
Benckendorff- had telegraphed to him
to come to the embassy to write a long
cipher message to St: Petersburg de
scribing to-nightts hostile demonstra
tion. : In reply to a request for some
statement to the press the Embassador
sent word that he could 1 say; nothing,
but ; it was gathered that he had sent
a dispatch to St. Petersburg which may
add .to the existing delicacy of the
situation. Prince \ Svlatopolk-Mlrsky
said:
LONDON, Oct. 24.— Count Bencken
dorff, the Russian Embassador, re
turned; to London -to-night from cele
brating his silver wedding anniversary
with his wife's relatives In Silesia and
barely escaped assault from a crowd
at the Victoria station, which followed
him almost into the embassy. Fortu
nately for the issue of peace or war
nothing resulted; yet, throughout the
night, a. special force of police,, was
compelled to guard' the Russian em
bassy.
Count Benckendorff has been always
regarded J in official circles, here as a
friend of peace > and he was as much
opposed as waa 1 Count Lamsfiorft to
the Russo-Japanese war. . Indeed, he
islalmost an Anglophile in sentiment .
There Is no doubt that Count-Benck
endorff was deeply hurt by :to-nighfs
demonstration. "After escaping from
the hostile .'crowd that met 1 him • at .the
station he drove at a gallop-* to ".the
embassy. - Half * a^ dozen rowdies ¦; fol
lowed, but the Embassador arrived un
harmed." 'His' noisy pursuers encount
ered ' a 1 cordon of . police that . had*' heen
hurriedly dispatched to guard the em
bassy. After singing VRule Britannia"
the disturbers dispersed,- no arrests be
ing made, but the police continued to
guard the embassy as if it were a
British fortress.
Mob's Action
Complicates
Situation
"No particular significance -attaches
to the departure of these thirty or
forty Japanese," said Consul Uyeno
last night "It does v not mean that
Japan . Is running short of . . men at
home. On the contrary, the number
of men* 2 available for arms is many
times • that 'of ; the : present .number In
the field. Owing to the arrangement
of divisions in' the reserve forces these
men who will 'sail to-morroyr are en
titled to go to the war before others
at home and the Government is giving
them the opportunity of service they
are ( so ¦ eagerly - seeking. There are
about: 30,000 Japanese on tl%s Pacific
Coast and to a man they are feverish
ly wishing for the chance to -return
to Japan and go to the front. «
"The total number of Japanese who
have left San Francisco to fight for
their country Is not more than 200.
Several small delegations have gone
forward." v
Between thirty 'and'forty Japanese
will sail on the China to-day, bound
for their native land to take up arms
in the war , with i Russia. When they
left Japan friends and relatives
vouched for their return should the
country ever need their . services In
the army and in obedience to notifica
tions this delegation from * the Pacific
Coast has ..prepared . for . Its long trip
to perform the duty of patriotism.
Japanese to Sail for Native Land TV^
Day to Join Army.
¦ ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 24.— The
Czar has again given General Kuropat
kln the order that Port Arthur must be
reached at any price. The^ coming
struggle, '.-when word l^to advance is
given, is sure to be far more obstinate
and bloodthirsty than . the .last. ' The
Harbin'* hospitals 'are being again
clearedrand \ the \ occupants sent , forth.
K correspondent from the frontways
the . enemy is so close that if even a
head is shown it is a signal for a hun
dred rifle shots. ' ' -. -
The order for" mobilization in March
calls for 300,000 .troops, also; all -the re
serve officers in the empire. .
I am told that Kaulbars has refused
to command the first army. • ,' >
Both armies are heavily entrenching
along the Shakhe River, although It is
believed Kuropatkin will order
the forward movement at an early mo
ment, unless heavy Japanese reinforce
ments compel him to resume the defen
sive. Reports that Japanese" reinforce
ments are arriving, taken in connection
with *the enforced Inactivity' of 1 the
Russian forces on account of the
weather, are felt to be a ¦ grave factor
In the situation. There Is reason to
believe that the Japanese are drawing
heavily on- the Port Arthur army, as
well as upon Japan, in the hope of ob
taining a numerical superiority, that
will enable' Field Marshal Oyama to in
flict a crushing blow upon Genecal Ku
ropatkin when hostilities are resumed.
. . Emperor ' Nicholas has received the
following dispatch from General Kuro
patkin, dated October 23 :.
v"The night of October .22-23 passed
quietly. At 9 o'clock this morning the
whole of our volunteer sharpshooters
harassed the enemy, while the Japan
ese tried to attack our : outftosts, but
were everywhere repulsed by the Rus
rian fire." f", v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
Washington. Oct. 24.— The firing
upon the British trawling Yleet by the
Russian Baltic squadron may. develop
Into a, more serious incident than was
ct first regarded as probable. The af
fair* was officially brought before the
Btate Department to-day by a report
fiom \V. C. Hamm. the Consul at Hull,
in which he .Confirmed the press dis
patches and told of the intense excite
ment in England. Later in the day
there was unofficial inquiry from the
British Government as to the American
view of the case and .an informal sug
gestion for joint action under certain
conditions. The British Government
considers that it is a question for the
nations to decide whether, in the In
terests of neutral commerce and to pre
vtfet the possibility of further slaugh
ter of neutrals, it Is not advisable for
the powers to stop the progress of the
Baltic fleet, on account of its misman
agement and the incompetence and
panic-stricken condition of its officers.
It is not certain, according to the
Information in Washington, that even
a prompt apology from Russia, with
full reparation and a promise that the
incident will not be repeated, will
change this view of the case, for the
British Government is thoroughly
aroused to the danger of a continuance
of such stupidity as was displayed by
the Russians in the North Sea. There
is every indication that if England was
assured of the support of other neutral
powers she would hold the Russian
fit-et up. either at Gibraltar or at the
entrance of the Suez canal, and com
pel it to return to Russian waters,
v here it would be out of the way of
doins further harm-
This is the feature of the affair which
Is being considered to-night by the
State Department officials. They be
lieve that the question which has been
informally brought up by England is
likely soon to be raised officially and
they are in doubt as to just what an
ewer to grive.
Secretary Hay is worried by the fear
that the incident will take a very se
rious turn and depressed by the danger
that all of his efforts to localize the
war will go for naught. . If there is
gtfofl 'ground for the Russian "fear that
the fleet will be intercepted by Jap
anese submarines, or torpedo boats long
before it reaches its destination, with
fighting far outside of the zone to
which it was agreed to confine hostili
ties, there is no: telling where the
spread of the war will end, in the opin
ion of Hay.
Under the conditions which have re
suited from the North Sea episode. Hay
does not regard a general European
war as nearly so much of an impos
sibility as he -did before. If England:
should assume an attitude ef open
hostility to Russia, the Czar would im
mediately call on France to join forces
with Russia, under the terms of their!
offensive and defensive treaty. This'
probably would drag Germany into the '
conflict, for there seems to be a secret
understanding between the Czar- and
the Kaiser that is very complete.
KING MAKES DONATION.
One Thousand Dollars for Families of
I Hull Victims.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— King Edward has
¦ent to the Mayor of Hull $1000 as his
donation for the families of the victims
of the North Sea firing incident
Premier Balf our has telegraphed to
the Mayor of Hull as follows;
"Tour telegrams received. 'You may
have full confidence . in the Govern
ment's action." ' . ¦
DIPLOMATS WHO HAVE CHARGE OF THE NEGOTIATIONS RESULTING FROM
THE NORTH SEA AFFAIR. AND RUSSIAN EMBASSADOR WHO -WAS AT
TACKED BY LONDON ROWDIES. «^. -
British Warships Receive Orders to Hold
Thernselyes.;in Readiness" s ticnSail.
Continued F*om Pfl^e 1;', Column 2.
11:30 o'clock to-night the 'Admiralty
announced that it had not yet received
a report.
At the same hour the Foreigrn Office
issued a statement expressing the re
grets of the Government for the de
plorable incident, but explaining that
no formal action was possible until
Admiral Rojestvensky'a official report
of the affair had been received.
The purpose- of the Government to
make amends, if Rojestvensky shall be
found to have been in fiftilt, has been
proclaimed in every Government de
partment. Emperor: Nicholas himself
was greatly aggrieved' when he heard
the news, while he. was inspecting the
cruiser Oreg at "Kronstadt this after
noon, aifa Foreign Minister. Lamsclorff
expressed to Embassador Hardinge his
deepest" personal regrets.
The Russian embassy in London also
has been directed to convey similar ex
pressions to the' Government of Great
Britain. It is felt that this is, all that
can possibly be done, pending, the re-'
ceipt of Admiral Rojestvensky's state
ment. —
That, a^horrible blunder .has been
committed is recognized and deplored
everywhere, and nowhere has an at-
„ HOLLISTER, Oct. 24.— Estevan Her!
naadez .was , killed ; yesterday morning
near New Idria.\ while riding bis don
key along the "road leading to the
mines, by Juan Garcia and three com
panions, who fired in in the direction
of Hernandez to frighten his , .mule.
Garcia and his friends had been drink
ing. ' . r-;. ;
Sheriff J. J. Croxon, District Attor
ney H. W. Scott and Coroner W. W.
Black left yesterday , for the. scene of
the* crime. - The inauest was held to
day ¦ and it resulted in -the > arrest ,of
Garcia and his friends. .
RESPOND' TO -O^USTRrS CAIiL.
Special Cable', to The Call and New .York
, Herald. Copyright, 1904, fiythe New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Coroner Holds Inquest and
Shooters Are in Jail as a
Result. of Jury's Yerdict
Port Arthur Must
Be Relieved at
Any Gost.
LIQUOK CAUSES CRIME
Czar Again Spurs
the General
. to Action. %
Moral Support of
United States
Desired.
Slav Ships May Be
Stopped arid
Sent Back.
•Rider of Donkey Killed by
Men Who Fired at Animal
to See if It Would Scare
PRACTICAL JOKE
ENDS IN DEATH
KUROPATKIN
IS ORDERED
TO ADVANCE
WASHINGTON
IS ASKED TO
AID LONDON
BRITAIN ASKS AMERICA TO JOIN IN COMPELLING RUSSIAN FLEET TO RETURN HOME
THE SAN FRANaSCO GALL, TUESDAY,, OCTOBER 25, 1904
2
Do Not Wait
for Sickness.
Do not wait tintil your- good :
. health is impaired, but take steps
to keep it tip to the mark. Re-
member that ailments, apparently
trifling, may very soon develop ?
- into serious diseases.
Do not hesitate to take
' ' -¦_¦¦¦
BEECHAM'S
PILLS
-on the first appearance of any dis-
tressing symptoms. They, will do
more to ; establish and maintain
I your general health than any other
"'means you can employ. For a
Sluggish Liver,
Sick-Headache, ;
indigestion,
Loss ofiAppetite.:
Constipation, '
and : the ; depressing nervous con-
ditions that arise ' from these
troubles, 4 there isno more reliable
-"remedy than ; v • '
BEECHAM'S PILLS
Sold Everywhere
In Boxes, I Oc, and 25c,
| H. S. BRIDGE & CO., 1
:i MERCHANT TAILORS. \
% 622 Market Street', " : ; ;
;! 'Up Stain. Opp. Palac* HoteL J
\\\y- ; ¦ . ¦ r, SAN j FRANCISCO. ".:;:
I 1 Novelties in Imported Wkjt |
(CARTERS! cra& SICR A(^
Oittie Genuine Must Baar
HlVER Fao-SitnilQ Signature
yrai'p. S. : H»vy f Tar« ana. Vallelo. "^
Sirs. General Friable. Mont icello and Arrow
9:4fi a.m.. 12:ttO p.m.; 3:15 p.m.. « p.^l..*8^Sa n!
m ¦ Leave ; San Francisco Sundays .9:43 a.m.
12:80 p.m.. 0 p.m.. 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo. i
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 19:30 p.m..' 3 :15 p.m.. S p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 pm.v « p.m.rPier'X'
it.; Uiuton at.; paoM Mala .1606. HATCH BBO9
• OCEAN TRAVEL.
*^"^. Steamsn ltavt Broadway
y^VfJiLKSX wharrea' (piers 9 and 11),
MJY XJ>\ San Francisco:
/nVViytt \*\ *"«* Ketchikaa, Wran««l.
IT \«>t^V I I Juneaa. Tread w«ll», HJias*,
1 I V^B^m/ I Skarway. etc. Alaska — U
Vak \\ Wf/ *• "^ October IX 17. 23. 37.
«SsJ» NoT - L Chant* to tils cona-
pany*» at Beattla.
Vla«J><^ For Victoria, VaacooTar,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tfccoma, Ercratt.
South BeUlnrhara. BellUurtianv— 11 a. m., Oct.
12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chanf e at Seattle to
this company's steamcre tor Alaaka aad O. H.
Ry.; at Seattls or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at
VanconTer to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt BayV-Pomona, 1:3a
p. m.. October 13, 19, 28, SI, Hot. 8. Cocoaa,
1:30 p. m.. October 4, 10. 18, 22, 2S. Nor, »;
For Lob Anjele* (Tla Port Loa An*sl«» and
Redondo). San • Dleco -and .Santa Barbara - '
Eanta Rosa. Sunday*. • a. m. . , $
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. ra. -
For Loa Ansele* (tIa 8aa Padro • aad K&at
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Baata Croa. ¦ Mon-
terey, Baa Plmeon. Cayucoaw Port Harford (aaa
Lai* Oblspo), Ventura .and Huea«m«. • ~. j
Banna. 9 a. m.. October 14, 22. 30, New. 7.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. October 13. 15. 26. Mot. X
¦ For Znsenada, Ma*dalana Bay, Saa Joe* dal
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pu, Baata Ro-
salia, Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Tth each mo.
For farther Information obtain foldar. Rlgst
la reserved to change it«tmer» or aalllas dataa.
TlOJtBT OmOZS — 4 New Montgom-
ery tV (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..aad Broad-
way wharves. Trela-ht Offlce 10 Market at.
C t>. DUN ANN. General PaaaeBcer Arm,
10 Market §t, Saa Francisco. ' -
The Pactflc Transfer Co., 20 Sotter iL, wQ
call for and check barnats from hoteu aa4
residences. Telephone . Ezehang* SIS.
Plvmouth — Cherbonxr — Soutaamfftom.
- From New Tork. Saturday. 9:30 a. m. ¦
Ft. Paul Oct. 2fll 'Finland. Not. 1Z. 10 am
Philadelphia ...Not/ OlNew York. ....Wot. It
•Calling at Dorer for London aad Parta>
aTLaHTT O TBAJTOOST ' 10303. .
' New Tork . London Ptract. •* »
Meaaba.Oct. 29. 10 am|Mlnn«ap.Nor. 11. » aaa
Mnneh.Nor. ft, 3:30 pmlMnmnee.Nor. 19. 9 am
Doxxjnoar x.mm.
Montreal— liverpool — Short sea pasaa**.
Dominion Oct. 29iVancouT?r JTbT. 5
Canada ..........Nor. 13
/ XSS STAB ZOVS.
IT ew Tork a ntwarp— London Parla.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris. •
From New Tork, Saturdays, at 10:80 a. m.
Kroonland Oct. 291 Finland .......N<*r. 19
Zeeland , Nor. &l Vaderland ....Not^19 .
. warm stab uxh.
JTew Toxk — Queenstowa — Liverpool.
Salllnc Wednesday*. - . „>
Celtic Oct. 28, 7,a.m.|Oceanie..NoT.l«. noon
Baltic . .Not. 2. noen|Ma]«aUe.NoT. 23, 10 am
Cedrtc.Nov. 9, 10 am 'Baltic. Nor." 30.- 11 am
Boston — Queenrtown — Liverpool.
Cymric NoTetnfeer 17
STEW TOSX ATO BOSTON BXXSOT
To the "Mediterraaean, , .:,
Via Azores, Gibraltar, Vaolea. Oeaoa.
FROlf NEW ' TORkT ' . „
CRETICL..N0T.-8, Dec.- 12. Feb. 4. March 19
REPUBLIC ..Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 23
- FROM BOSTON. '. \
ROMANIC. Oct. 29, Dec 10. Jan. 29. Mar. 11
I CANOPIC: ."...".Not, 19. Jan. ',7, Feb. IS
C D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
. . 21 Post ft.. San Francisco. * ."
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Bonoluhi. Oct.* 29. 11 a.m.
g, S- 'SIERRA, , for Honolulu, « Samoa, t Auck-
land and Sydney, .Thursday, Nor. 10, 2 p. m. ¦
S. &.iMAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 25, y a. m.
J.C.SMCKLS1 BROi Ca, A2t3.,TlcS2t 02m M3"lir-
hi ; ittiaw oisca 329 Manai sl,^ Pto 7, Piciis k. .
-:_ co»isNix'ez2rniU TsufSAfi^iiTiqai;'
OliUECT UNB TO HAVRE- PAJU3 V . '
Bailing eTery Thursday instead ot Uf- ftrTA
6*turd*y, at 10 a. m.. from Pier tX c '*w*~
North RlTer. foot ' of Morton - at. CMSMaaMajfS
•¦ Ftr»t elaaa to ¦ Harre. $70 and upward. - Sea-
obcK cl»n ¦ to Havre; .- *45 and upward. oa.V-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE* AND
CANADA. 83 Broadway <Hudaon * buildlnaJL
New Tork. J. F. FUOAZI * Ca. Paelfle Ooaw
Ac«nts.> 6 ;¦ Montgomery., arenue. San Fraaclsc*.
Tickets ) sold by . all Railroad Ticket , A cents. £
T01I.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
ISTjBAi^B-nvX CORCORAN .
Leaves . S. F., Clay 'st.'JT N end or . Ferry ' bid*,
dsily B-.3O a. na., 3 .and *&- p. . m. . 3und»/%
9:30a. m.. -S p. m.. l«av» Valloja dally »:M
a. m., 12:20 and 3:30 p. - ta. ¦¦ Sundays J p. m.
Fare 25c P. A. O. Co,. - Phoa* Mala ftak
•BatTWdays ezcepted. :¦ >¦.-* ; ; -^ ; \^*f.* : :
¦ ,-,- . >'..¦¦ *..'¦•¦•:-. -. v" : ¦.- 1 - ¦¦ •
: When a woman haa been bid that to
save her life It will be necessary for her
to undergo a dangerous surgical opera,
tion. especially when two nell-knowa
hospital doctors* agree that an operation
is the only help— to be quickly, thorough-
ly and painlessly cured at a trfling ex-
pense, such a woman must surely b«
grateful. ."Well, .-the . Electro-Chemlc
treatment has cured me after I Dad suf-
fered untold misery for seven yeirs and
aft«r two of the best family phyiidans
in San Francisco had told ma thit tha
only, thing tnat would save .my life
would be a surgical operation. X am
happy and grateful to the Eleetro-
Chemlc specialists for my cure, and X
want every suffering woman to know ot
this wonderful - new treatment — so pain-
less — so pleasant — so quick in its effect*
-and so cheap. My case was on a of thos«
distressing ovarian troubles. Tumors had
! all formed and the pains in the lower ab-
domen were awful. The pains and weak-
ness in my back at times were almost
unbearable. I was dizzy, I could not
eat, I was sick at my stomach and at
times could not sleep. My picture at tha
top of this article is quite good.- My
name is Mrs. E. W. Suttle and I live at
No. 132 Perry "street. Ban Francifco. Any
one Interested in my wonderful' cur* la
.at liberty to call on mo for further par-
ticulars. . , •
If -Electro-Chemistry had accomplished
nothing else but tha cure of; suffering
women, keeping them off of the operating
table. It would take a first- place amongst
the greatest of modern discoveries as a
curative agent, but Electro-Chemistry Is
the moat aueceaaful treatment now In
use for .the cure of Consumption. Ca-
tarrh. Asthma, Bronchitis. Rheumatism.
Neuralgia, Locomotor Ataxla, Falling
Sickness, Epilepay, Dizziness, Headaches,
Spots ' before the Byes, Piles.; Fissure.
Fistula, Stricture, Prostatltis.- Varlco-
cele. Nerve Exhaustion, Cancers, Tu-
mors. Old Sores 'and- Abscesses. Weak
Heart. Palpitation. Shortness of Breath.
Insomnia, Blood Poison. Skin Diseases.
Eczema, Goitre. Swollen Joints. Weak
Back. Kidney Diseases. Bladder Diseases.
Bright'a Dlaeaae. Diabetes, eta, etc .
The Electro-Chemlc examination is tin
most reliable examination that any suf-
ferer can have. Such an examination
will quickly ahow whether a caa« la cura-
ble or not. and this examination la now
absolutely free to.any sufferer applying
at tha Institute for It. The Electro-
Chemle Institute occupies nearly the
whole first floor of the large building at
US Grant avenue, corner of Post street.
The- office hours are from nine to five
and from seven to eight, daily, and from
ten to one on Sundays. There are re-
tired and private apartments set aside
for the male and female patients. The
Klectro-Chemic Institute is the only In-
stitution on the Pacific Coast doing thla
work. The office is centrally located at
118 Grant avenue, and persons desiring
to consult the Electro-Chemlc specialists
will do well to make no mistake regard-
ing the place.
The Klectro-Chemle bom* treatment Is
very successful and patienta who are
aick and who live at a distance should
try to come for personal examination
when possible, when this can not Be
done," a "abort -description - of principal
symptoms, should be sent in and full In-
structions regarding > examination and a
home course of the treatment will be
promptly forwarded, free of charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , '
•- . .. • ¦* " ' ¦ . j .-.-"¦.' ' ' •'¦,--
ffftrs unprecedented opportunities. \^M^SLfM
Dozens of articles of unquestioned \vsf g^*?^
Eat mcTlt a t from one-fourth to one-third IBM
j» M 1 department where all Odd Pieces and J B *^
J& ML \ discontinued" patterns are placed to #Ja^L
|| I $J0.00 Enamel Bed*. .$6.75 1 $19.50 Extension Table ... i
j&*J $43.00 Bedroom Suit ...... I V... ........ ..$12.75 ¦'
P .....:......:... $22^0 I $J5.00 Parlor Table ¥ -
k ($40.00 Chiffonier. .$30.00 fl ...... ..;....... $10.00 g
|< . Hundreds of other articles at equally tempting^ M
P Hyo« arc looking for an odd piece to complete ; ft
f| ; ~ % the * furnishing of your home, s6mething v suitable ? f or* R
II a ; .Wedding. ;or. Anniversary gift, this department of- ' : ; B
h fcrs opportunities to be found in no > other store; . U
?• M ¦': 1%; ¦ ¦"'''.'- ' --V-.-^-- :> ' • ¦ - •*.•-•."¦ ' "-';—¦- ¦ ;: fl|',:-' ¦
fcf /^^^BtE^^s V^MBBBiii. ItnvMl /SffSBBSld *^fc ' m%
245". 25 9 ; eEA^SSr ONTHE S qu A R. ETo r Cure ; a s Cold j in" One] Day
Take i. Laxative ' Bromo"" Quinine ¦ Tablet*. Alt
& > aW.tOroTa'«i>l > natarailafonTw«dilBO«.iifa.«
A - Guaranteed uCnre ;¦ tor.i P^les.
: -r Itching," Blind, Bleeding for.' Protnidlng-l pll«i.'
Your druggist will refund money; If PAZO OINT
MENT rails to'curtrrouin e to,M daya; 60c •,
Award I for ; Standard ' Dictionary.
, '(Special [to ThelCall.)-
; .ST. LOUIS, Mo.;\Oct^4>^-World*s Fair
Judges r to : day,' gave] grand [ prize,-7 highest
award. \ to r i Funk? & :;,Wagnalls ?. for 4 their.
Standard t Dictionary* and -gold 'medal', for
their -".Literary .•* Digest' and reference
mmStKR^..-''J^'v- ,-'"--' ' < -...'. ¦.-¦ .-*
yiCTORiA.r; B^rc; , Oct.^ 24— it is
learned from' officials at- Esquimalt to
night that ' orders'.-, have ? been 4 received
from Admiralty^headquarters ) directing
the | immediate ] concentration | of ithe : ] en-i
tire ' Pacific " squadron * at j*E3quimalt:H
M.r S. ¦« Flora, ; nowi in \ Central f American
waters,^ has i been • ordered^ to ireftirn *' at
once ; instead 2: of £f proceeding «^ to ;^Val
paraiso.*AThere^ is ' much"; activity at the
naval ¦ stationYand {imperial; barracks. 'I
to i Concentrate.
Euffland's Pacific Squadron Is Ordered
ACTTVITY v AT J ESQUIMALlC
i ; st;;; Petersburg, oct 24i--The
official i returns ? of J the j> Russian i losses
received iupUo' daterdo'notlexceed.SO -
000; '¦}. The t Russians i* buried 1 5 0 0 ? Japi
ariese at' Lone'.Tree ¦ Hill. -' ' % ' ' ''¦
v TOKIO;; pet :24. : — The {Japanese
headquarters; to-day: published the fol
lowing report,"' received yesterday:. . .
;•: ; '.'Since the, last telegram referring 'to
the]; enemy's I dead,'! the^ bodies \ left t on
the : field | have? been 1 , increased kto|the
following: "Found by .! the J right army,
|B200;^found^bytthertleft"; army, 5603;
found by the center J army,*; 2 5 3 0 ; ! total,"
il3,333:f;X".The? number -; of prisoners
captured: totals* 7 09.'.'. : : v v
RUSSIAN t LOSSES i INCREASE.
;TOKIO, : COct 24.^-Promlnent of
flcials, while deplorihg ; the Iqsis of , ; life
In , the • astonishing. . episode. In ;the
North ¦ Sea; 'are 'i pleased with the (evi
dence 3 afforded v that - the ' t *' Baltic /Sea
fleet " Is not i likely.. t6 \ improve \ the , rec
ordTof I its sister; »quadron7atiPort 'Ar
ithur. £f The attack % is ; attributed" to I a
mistake. 4 though 1 such a" mistake is dif
ficult to explain. The Japanese proba
bly would % be 2 forced*' to s think \ other
,wise * but? fori their* certain! knowledge
of 5the; singular* methods ; , of seaman
ship 'i in ; vogue Vat -; Port :'i r The
conviction' is deep seated'.that.the;Bal
tic ? fleet,? if i it 1 ever. ' shou Id ¦¦¦ reach \ the
Far|East,-iwiir be in poor^ condition,'"
both! in'i respect ;to ¦; ships ¦ and ; person
nel, to ' meet the . disciplined ' sea I forces
of the 1 Mikado; f -: v' ¦ ¦: c ; y^, .- -
North' Sea' Incident Reveals ; Iricompe
' ': tenceTof Offlcers.
. .PARIS, Oct; 24,-f The action of -the
Russian ¦ second Pacific squadron I in
firing on and sinking -British i fishing
boats, has ; roused Intense : Interest- in
official circles -¦ and ; : among the public
generally, here. The ; officials say; that
Russia will undoubtedly, make \ an ?im
mediateo explanation) and apology and
pay^an^ample indemnity. While It is
said that this will probably; relieve; the
affair from grave v international results,'
yet, i. the officials : say, > it will ¦ fur ther
Btrain i: the ; relations -' between -Great
Britain and Russia arid emphasize the
growing'animosity of the.British peo
ple' against Russia. .V- ;
v . : - At ;¦ the . Russian embassy it ' is ex
plained .that- the squadron at r ; Port
'Arthur i has i been \ reproached . for j lack
of - diligence, . resulting { in . the "i initial
disaster:^This ledito the adoption ; of
measures of' extreme prec vi tion." ! ; The
Russian ' authorities \ recently; were ; in
formedHhatithe Japanese spy, service
was ; organizing, ; particularly at" Stock-;
holm,'-; plans "'¦ for; arming merchantmen
and : ? fishing X boats ¦-, for a the ? purpose of
torpedoing i the * Russian -5 ships.- - The
RusslanVofQcers -fully * expected > such
attacks '•¦ and J therefore iwere
ly looking out' for! floating, mines and
other destructive « agencies. ; : - It ; is (also
declared*, that: Japanese -were detected
prowling -near: the Russian ; hospital
ship.Orel- at Toulon. */ v r . '-' . - ' -**
Rojestvensky Informed That Japanese
t Were Arming Fishipg Boats*
"I am ! ill with \ the • fatigue of a ? long
Journey and ; anxiety, but . I 'J authorize
you to 'say. for. me. to the people of Eng
land that 1 1 am { absolutely, certain that
what occurred % was a \ deplorable I acci
dent ; and ? nothing els©; -" My ; regret \ and
my. country's regret . it\ is, I • am sure/
unnecessary to speak of." - : ¦ >' : ; ' r ¦
Regret is expressed that there should
have been any demonstration against
Count Benckendorff,* the Russian .Em
bassador, who "' personally/* is ? credited
with ' friendly feelings v toward - ! Great
Britain. ;The ¦ Standard; declares ~ that
such a foolish :' demonstration is .- not
worth t al king about. J : I . . . '; - 1 ; ? . :
The Dally rNews olaims : to have ob
tained v the i following ' \ statement ; from'
Count Benckendorff rJS^HSS.^. l^'v .•..'¦•' ;
King Edward's telegram i characteriz
ing ¦ the ' affair • as "unwarrantable" - i Is
considered to < reflect well the i national
temper and the fact .that' his ; Majesty
hss taken the • unusual j course ' to*, thus
interfere in ! a diplomatic ¦ matter givea
the greatest satisfaction,! as emphasiz
ing the exceptionally grave nature of
the crislB^^Bg&GBEtowBMBBBBtt&SMEUBBM
LONDON, Oct. 24.— The feature of the
editorial articles in the newspapers this
morning is a practically unanimous de
mand that the Government ": insist upon
the punishment : of the Russian f officers
responsible for the 'Dogger; Bank affair
as the only. possible assurance against
a recurrence of the kind/Without this,"
it is argued, the seas will be unsafe" for
any, peaceful ; vessel. 7 "- . ' •
Editorials Insist Upon Punishment ; of
Russian Oilicers. •
DE3IANDS OF BRITISH PRESS.
EXPECTED A NIGHT. ATTACK.
CAUSES JAPAN TO SMILE.
;Such outspoken "criticism .would
never have been, permitted; under the
Vo'h Plehwe regime. ; The, newspapers
which .' publish ; the article have ; not a
word ; ; In7 defense " of I the . . bureaucracy,
but',they.do^ indorse the prospects of a
| constitution^; the ' Sviet '- pointing" 'out
that Emperor. Nicholas' manifesto'for
mally>"declared"• his ; intention *¦¦ of ?up^
holdings autocrocy , and V: that Interior
Minister % Mirsky Is - . , pledged to the
manifesto. . ' "": 7 ,: ''¦':¦
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct: 24J— A re
markable study of thV . war ' and its
problems by._M. 'Petrousskevitch,' a
well known writer, .appears, in. _ the
Pravo, a .weekly" paper, \ and is attract
ing a good deal of attention." . He bold
ly ; maintains that T i: Russia's ; reverses
are : due~ to , the ¦ restrictions ¦; placed - on
the liberties of the .nation, declaring
that, , . whatever ; the . outcome of [-1 the
struggle with Japan," Russia will win a
victory for i constitutionalism. . He
adds: '¦¦ ' % ,
The war has glaringly revealed. the cause of
the -, evil < and baa showed the hopeless .-. condi
tion to : which .a : great nation: may be brought
by the j derivation of all f cftdom • of thought,
feeling and. action.*," The bureaucracy, possess
ing all the strings of irresponsible power,' keeps
the ' people under : a - tutelage which ; has '.never
attained such proportions," has never, with such
arbitrary j methods , flouted > the . law.-, and - never
made ; the country feel Its: power, so i painfully,'
as during, the past few i i mi l||l>'lffi»%R>|il|iHi
strictions Upon ¦ Liberty.
Attributes Russian Reverses to Re-
RUSSIAN VTRITER IS BOLD.
HARBIN, Oct. v 2 4. — A. number of
Japanese prisoners have been brdught
to this place.' The Japanese are heav
ily fortifying" the village of Lamunt
ingr. It is snowing to-day.
Snow Falling. at Harbin.
ternpt been made to Justify the firing
upon " inndcent fishermen. ¦' It" is felt
that Rojestvensky is - too good a man
and officer to be summarily condemned.
It is agreed that he is entitled to ' a
hearing, but even the Admiralty
gretfully admits that it is at a loss
to understand what explanation could
Justify such an apparently coldblooded
act as the affair is made to appear by
foreign reports. ; * '
It developed during the day. that the
Admiralty had strong reason to believe
that an attempt would be made against
the squadron • during its passage
through the Great Belt or \he English
Channel. So specific was the Informa
tion that • even the present : crisis I haa
not diverted attention from the -'pos
sibility of such an attack yet occurring.
The failure of the steam trawlers, with
their nets out, to obey the signals from
the Russian warships or the nervous
ness of some officer who imagined that
fishermen, working with their nets in
the water were laying mines may have
been responsible for the blunder.- * ':
As soon as the facts are established
It is certain that the Russian Govern
ment will voluntarily offer the ' fullest
reparation. , It. Is hinted that the Em
peror to-morrow will ; send a formal
message to King Edward conveying
his profound sorrow, for the , incident
and offering . to make what .reparation
is possible as soon as the responsibility
can be fixed. These advance % assur
ances, it is hoped, will be; met • in an
amicable spirit by Great Britain. •,?..
LONDON, Oct 24.— In order that
there, should be no possible «error re
garding the"- peaceful occupation of the
flshermen'killed^byrthe fire, from the
Russian warships in the North' Sea, the
Foreign iOBice has communicated to
the Hull Coroner a request that "the
bodies from the Crane should be photo
graphed and unimpeachable medical
testimony . called to show that the
grasp of articles in the dead men's
hands was due to rigor mortis and not
to being subsequently placed there."
The articles referred to are a fish
and a knife found in the hands of the
dead captain of the Crane. "
It is understood that the Government
also has invited the Russian Embassy
to send medical men 'to -examine the
bodies.
BODIES TO BE PHOTOGRAPHED
trenches^ V^ 'r : u \-'*l .':'.: •
This plan of the Russians,; to en
trench as they ad.vance, was adopted
because it was found in. the recent big
battle that it impossible to , ad
vance . without some protection in the
face of the Japanese shrapnel fire.
The Russian batteries are now bet
ter screened thanv they were in former
engagements,; but the troops on both
sides, apparently, make no great ef
forts to conceal themselves.
The/ Russian and Jrpanese armies
are now separated by less than four
miles and the whole field of operations
of both armies "can be plainly seen.
The; question of fuel is becoming a
serious one. ' The greater part of the
Chinese corn* has already been used for
fuel and for fodder, while most of the
houses in. the ; Chinese villages have
been destroyed and their wood used for
fuel. Without fuel and without shelter
beyond .that provided by tents,- it
seems Impossible for the armies, to re
main in the field during, the Increasing
cold weather.
MUKDEN, Oct. 24.— The Russian^
forces on the left again crossed x the
Shakhe River. on October 21, and are
now pushing forward toward the Jap
anese positions, entrenching * as .they
advance. At the same time Russian
batteries- are .= continually bombarding
the Japanese, who "can be plainly seen
busily .engaged > in 'the ¦ making of
Kuropat kin's ' Left Columns Again
Cross the Shakhe River.
RUSSIAN ARMY ADVANCING.
. ."The attack on the trawlers was ob
viously, either an act of war or a great
mistake. No sensible man. can' now
think It : was an act of war, and there
fore it was a mistake, and ; when 1 you
have made a mistake all "you 'can do is
to apologize and pay for it. Neither
the trawlers nor the, affair of to-night
is likely *; to ; produce a ' clash ; between
two /powers who have ' every reason,
from a , selfish point of ! view, • to pre
serve peace between themselves." A | V
With such vigilance did they carry
out their task that when Prince Svlato
polk-MIrsky, a cousin of the new Rus
sian Minister of the | Interior and sec
ond secretary^ of the embassy, arrived
he -had hard work getting in. Count
Benckendorff- had telegraphed to him
to come to the embassy to write a long
cipher message to St: Petersburg de
scribing to-nightts hostile demonstra
tion. : In reply to a request for some
statement to the press the Embassador
sent word that he could 1 say; nothing,
but ; it was gathered that he had sent
a dispatch to St. Petersburg which may
add .to the existing delicacy of the
situation. Prince \ Svlatopolk-Mlrsky
said:
LONDON, Oct. 24.— Count Bencken
dorff, the Russian Embassador, re
turned; to London -to-night from cele
brating his silver wedding anniversary
with his wife's relatives In Silesia and
barely escaped assault from a crowd
at the Victoria station, which followed
him almost into the embassy. Fortu
nately for the issue of peace or war
nothing resulted; yet, throughout the
night, a. special force of police,, was
compelled to guard' the Russian em
bassy.
Count Benckendorff has been always
regarded J in official circles, here as a
friend of peace > and he was as much
opposed as waa 1 Count Lamsfiorft to
the Russo-Japanese war. . Indeed, he
islalmost an Anglophile in sentiment .
There Is no doubt that Count-Benck
endorff was deeply hurt by :to-nighfs
demonstration. "After escaping from
the hostile .'crowd that met 1 him • at .the
station he drove at a gallop-* to ".the
embassy. - Half * a^ dozen rowdies ¦; fol
lowed, but the Embassador arrived un
harmed." 'His' noisy pursuers encount
ered ' a 1 cordon of . police that . had*' heen
hurriedly dispatched to guard the em
bassy. After singing VRule Britannia"
the disturbers dispersed,- no arrests be
ing made, but the police continued to
guard the embassy as if it were a
British fortress.
Mob's Action
Complicates
Situation
"No particular significance -attaches
to the departure of these thirty or
forty Japanese," said Consul Uyeno
last night "It does v not mean that
Japan . Is running short of . . men at
home. On the contrary, the number
of men* 2 available for arms is many
times • that 'of ; the : present .number In
the field. Owing to the arrangement
of divisions in' the reserve forces these
men who will 'sail to-morroyr are en
titled to go to the war before others
at home and the Government is giving
them the opportunity of service they
are ( so ¦ eagerly - seeking. There are
about: 30,000 Japanese on tl%s Pacific
Coast and to a man they are feverish
ly wishing for the chance to -return
to Japan and go to the front. «
"The total number of Japanese who
have left San Francisco to fight for
their country Is not more than 200.
Several small delegations have gone
forward." v
Between thirty 'and'forty Japanese
will sail on the China to-day, bound
for their native land to take up arms
in the war , with i Russia. When they
left Japan friends and relatives
vouched for their return should the
country ever need their . services In
the army and in obedience to notifica
tions this delegation from * the Pacific
Coast has ..prepared . for . Its long trip
to perform the duty of patriotism.
Japanese to Sail for Native Land TV^
Day to Join Army.
¦ ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 24.— The
Czar has again given General Kuropat
kln the order that Port Arthur must be
reached at any price. The^ coming
struggle, '.-when word l^to advance is
given, is sure to be far more obstinate
and bloodthirsty than . the .last. ' The
Harbin'* hospitals 'are being again
clearedrand \ the \ occupants sent , forth.
K correspondent from the frontways
the . enemy is so close that if even a
head is shown it is a signal for a hun
dred rifle shots. ' ' -. -
The order for" mobilization in March
calls for 300,000 .troops, also; all -the re
serve officers in the empire. .
I am told that Kaulbars has refused
to command the first army. • ,' >
Both armies are heavily entrenching
along the Shakhe River, although It is
believed Kuropatkin will order
the forward movement at an early mo
ment, unless heavy Japanese reinforce
ments compel him to resume the defen
sive. Reports that Japanese" reinforce
ments are arriving, taken in connection
with *the enforced Inactivity' of 1 the
Russian forces on account of the
weather, are felt to be a ¦ grave factor
In the situation. There Is reason to
believe that the Japanese are drawing
heavily on- the Port Arthur army, as
well as upon Japan, in the hope of ob
taining a numerical superiority, that
will enable' Field Marshal Oyama to in
flict a crushing blow upon Genecal Ku
ropatkin when hostilities are resumed.
. . Emperor ' Nicholas has received the
following dispatch from General Kuro
patkin, dated October 23 :.
v"The night of October .22-23 passed
quietly. At 9 o'clock this morning the
whole of our volunteer sharpshooters
harassed the enemy, while the Japan
ese tried to attack our : outftosts, but
were everywhere repulsed by the Rus
rian fire." f", v
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
Washington. Oct. 24.— The firing
upon the British trawling Yleet by the
Russian Baltic squadron may. develop
Into a, more serious incident than was
ct first regarded as probable. The af
fair* was officially brought before the
Btate Department to-day by a report
fiom \V. C. Hamm. the Consul at Hull,
in which he .Confirmed the press dis
patches and told of the intense excite
ment in England. Later in the day
there was unofficial inquiry from the
British Government as to the American
view of the case and .an informal sug
gestion for joint action under certain
conditions. The British Government
considers that it is a question for the
nations to decide whether, in the In
terests of neutral commerce and to pre
vtfet the possibility of further slaugh
ter of neutrals, it Is not advisable for
the powers to stop the progress of the
Baltic fleet, on account of its misman
agement and the incompetence and
panic-stricken condition of its officers.
It is not certain, according to the
Information in Washington, that even
a prompt apology from Russia, with
full reparation and a promise that the
incident will not be repeated, will
change this view of the case, for the
British Government is thoroughly
aroused to the danger of a continuance
of such stupidity as was displayed by
the Russians in the North Sea. There
is every indication that if England was
assured of the support of other neutral
powers she would hold the Russian
fit-et up. either at Gibraltar or at the
entrance of the Suez canal, and com
pel it to return to Russian waters,
v here it would be out of the way of
doins further harm-
This is the feature of the affair which
Is being considered to-night by the
State Department officials. They be
lieve that the question which has been
informally brought up by England is
likely soon to be raised officially and
they are in doubt as to just what an
ewer to grive.
Secretary Hay is worried by the fear
that the incident will take a very se
rious turn and depressed by the danger
that all of his efforts to localize the
war will go for naught. . If there is
gtfofl 'ground for the Russian "fear that
the fleet will be intercepted by Jap
anese submarines, or torpedo boats long
before it reaches its destination, with
fighting far outside of the zone to
which it was agreed to confine hostili
ties, there is no: telling where the
spread of the war will end, in the opin
ion of Hay.
Under the conditions which have re
suited from the North Sea episode. Hay
does not regard a general European
war as nearly so much of an impos
sibility as he -did before. If England:
should assume an attitude ef open
hostility to Russia, the Czar would im
mediately call on France to join forces
with Russia, under the terms of their!
offensive and defensive treaty. This'
probably would drag Germany into the '
conflict, for there seems to be a secret
understanding between the Czar- and
the Kaiser that is very complete.
KING MAKES DONATION.
One Thousand Dollars for Families of
I Hull Victims.
LONDON, Oct. 24.— King Edward has
¦ent to the Mayor of Hull $1000 as his
donation for the families of the victims
of the North Sea firing incident
Premier Balf our has telegraphed to
the Mayor of Hull as follows;
"Tour telegrams received. 'You may
have full confidence . in the Govern
ment's action." ' . ¦
DIPLOMATS WHO HAVE CHARGE OF THE NEGOTIATIONS RESULTING FROM
THE NORTH SEA AFFAIR. AND RUSSIAN EMBASSADOR WHO -WAS AT
TACKED BY LONDON ROWDIES. «^. -
British Warships Receive Orders to Hold
Thernselyes.;in Readiness" s ticnSail.
Continued F*om Pfl^e 1;', Column 2.
11:30 o'clock to-night the 'Admiralty
announced that it had not yet received
a report.
At the same hour the Foreigrn Office
issued a statement expressing the re
grets of the Government for the de
plorable incident, but explaining that
no formal action was possible until
Admiral Rojestvensky'a official report
of the affair had been received.
The purpose- of the Government to
make amends, if Rojestvensky shall be
found to have been in fiftilt, has been
proclaimed in every Government de
partment. Emperor: Nicholas himself
was greatly aggrieved' when he heard
the news, while he. was inspecting the
cruiser Oreg at "Kronstadt this after
noon, aifa Foreign Minister. Lamsclorff
expressed to Embassador Hardinge his
deepest" personal regrets.
The Russian embassy in London also
has been directed to convey similar ex
pressions to the' Government of Great
Britain. It is felt that this is, all that
can possibly be done, pending, the re-'
ceipt of Admiral Rojestvensky's state
ment. —
That, a^horrible blunder .has been
committed is recognized and deplored
everywhere, and nowhere has an at-
„ HOLLISTER, Oct. 24.— Estevan Her!
naadez .was , killed ; yesterday morning
near New Idria.\ while riding bis don
key along the "road leading to the
mines, by Juan Garcia and three com
panions, who fired in in the direction
of Hernandez to frighten his , .mule.
Garcia and his friends had been drink
ing. ' . r-;. ;
Sheriff J. J. Croxon, District Attor
ney H. W. Scott and Coroner W. W.
Black left yesterday , for the. scene of
the* crime. - The inauest was held to
day ¦ and it resulted in -the > arrest ,of
Garcia and his friends. .
RESPOND' TO -O^USTRrS CAIiL.
Special Cable', to The Call and New .York
, Herald. Copyright, 1904, fiythe New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Coroner Holds Inquest and
Shooters Are in Jail as a
Result. of Jury's Yerdict
Port Arthur Must
Be Relieved at
Any Gost.
LIQUOK CAUSES CRIME
Czar Again Spurs
the General
. to Action. %
Moral Support of
United States
Desired.
Slav Ships May Be
Stopped arid
Sent Back.
•Rider of Donkey Killed by
Men Who Fired at Animal
to See if It Would Scare
PRACTICAL JOKE
ENDS IN DEATH
KUROPATKIN
IS ORDERED
TO ADVANCE
WASHINGTON
IS ASKED TO
AID LONDON
BRITAIN ASKS AMERICA TO JOIN IN COMPELLING RUSSIAN FLEET TO RETURN HOME
THE SAN FRANaSCO GALL, TUESDAY,, OCTOBER 25, 1904
2
Do Not Wait
for Sickness.
Do not wait tintil your- good :
. health is impaired, but take steps
to keep it tip to the mark. Re-
member that ailments, apparently
trifling, may very soon develop ?
- into serious diseases.
Do not hesitate to take
' ' -¦_¦¦¦
BEECHAM'S
PILLS
-on the first appearance of any dis-
tressing symptoms. They, will do
more to ; establish and maintain
I your general health than any other
"'means you can employ. For a
Sluggish Liver,
Sick-Headache, ;
indigestion,
Loss ofiAppetite.:
Constipation, '
and : the ; depressing nervous con-
ditions that arise ' from these
troubles, 4 there isno more reliable
-"remedy than ; v • '
BEECHAM'S PILLS
Sold Everywhere
In Boxes, I Oc, and 25c,
| H. S. BRIDGE & CO., 1
:i MERCHANT TAILORS. \
% 622 Market Street', " : ; ;
;! 'Up Stain. Opp. Palac* HoteL J
\\\y- ; ¦ . ¦ r, SAN j FRANCISCO. ".:;:
I 1 Novelties in Imported Wkjt |
(CARTERS! cra& SICR A(^
Oittie Genuine Must Baar
HlVER Fao-SitnilQ Signature
yrai'p. S. : H»vy f Tar« ana. Vallelo. "^
Sirs. General Friable. Mont icello and Arrow
9:4fi a.m.. 12:ttO p.m.; 3:15 p.m.. « p.^l..*8^Sa n!
m ¦ Leave ; San Francisco Sundays .9:43 a.m.
12:80 p.m.. 0 p.m.. 8:30 pm. Leave Vallejo. i
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 19:30 p.m..' 3 :15 p.m.. S p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m., 9 a.m.. 3:20 pm.v « p.m.rPier'X'
it.; Uiuton at.; paoM Mala .1606. HATCH BBO9
• OCEAN TRAVEL.
*^"^. Steamsn ltavt Broadway
y^VfJiLKSX wharrea' (piers 9 and 11),
MJY XJ>\ San Francisco:
/nVViytt \*\ *"«* Ketchikaa, Wran««l.
IT \«>t^V I I Juneaa. Tread w«ll», HJias*,
1 I V^B^m/ I Skarway. etc. Alaska — U
Vak \\ Wf/ *• "^ October IX 17. 23. 37.
«SsJ» NoT - L Chant* to tils cona-
pany*» at Beattla.
Vla«J><^ For Victoria, VaacooTar,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tfccoma, Ercratt.
South BeUlnrhara. BellUurtianv— 11 a. m., Oct.
12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chanf e at Seattle to
this company's steamcre tor Alaaka aad O. H.
Ry.; at Seattls or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at
VanconTer to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt BayV-Pomona, 1:3a
p. m.. October 13, 19, 28, SI, Hot. 8. Cocoaa,
1:30 p. m.. October 4, 10. 18, 22, 2S. Nor, »;
For Lob Anjele* (Tla Port Loa An*sl«» and
Redondo). San • Dleco -and .Santa Barbara - '
Eanta Rosa. Sunday*. • a. m. . , $
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. ra. -
For Loa Ansele* (tIa 8aa Padro • aad K&at
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Baata Croa. ¦ Mon-
terey, Baa Plmeon. Cayucoaw Port Harford (aaa
Lai* Oblspo), Ventura .and Huea«m«. • ~. j
Banna. 9 a. m.. October 14, 22. 30, New. 7.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. October 13. 15. 26. Mot. X
¦ For Znsenada, Ma*dalana Bay, Saa Joe* dal
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pu, Baata Ro-
salia, Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Tth each mo.
For farther Information obtain foldar. Rlgst
la reserved to change it«tmer» or aalllas dataa.
TlOJtBT OmOZS — 4 New Montgom-
ery tV (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..aad Broad-
way wharves. Trela-ht Offlce 10 Market at.
C t>. DUN ANN. General PaaaeBcer Arm,
10 Market §t, Saa Francisco. ' -
The Pactflc Transfer Co., 20 Sotter iL, wQ
call for and check barnats from hoteu aa4
residences. Telephone . Ezehang* SIS.
Plvmouth — Cherbonxr — Soutaamfftom.
- From New Tork. Saturday. 9:30 a. m. ¦
Ft. Paul Oct. 2fll 'Finland. Not. 1Z. 10 am
Philadelphia ...Not/ OlNew York. ....Wot. It
•Calling at Dorer for London aad Parta>
aTLaHTT O TBAJTOOST ' 10303. .
' New Tork . London Ptract. •* »
Meaaba.Oct. 29. 10 am|Mlnn«ap.Nor. 11. » aaa
Mnneh.Nor. ft, 3:30 pmlMnmnee.Nor. 19. 9 am
Doxxjnoar x.mm.
Montreal— liverpool — Short sea pasaa**.
Dominion Oct. 29iVancouT?r JTbT. 5
Canada ..........Nor. 13
/ XSS STAB ZOVS.
IT ew Tork a ntwarp— London Parla.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris. •
From New Tork, Saturdays, at 10:80 a. m.
Kroonland Oct. 291 Finland .......N<*r. 19
Zeeland , Nor. &l Vaderland ....Not^19 .
. warm stab uxh.
JTew Toxk — Queenstowa — Liverpool.
Salllnc Wednesday*. - . „>
Celtic Oct. 28, 7,a.m.|Oceanie..NoT.l«. noon
Baltic . .Not. 2. noen|Ma]«aUe.NoT. 23, 10 am
Cedrtc.Nov. 9, 10 am 'Baltic. Nor." 30.- 11 am
Boston — Queenrtown — Liverpool.
Cymric NoTetnfeer 17
STEW TOSX ATO BOSTON BXXSOT
To the "Mediterraaean, , .:,
Via Azores, Gibraltar, Vaolea. Oeaoa.
FROlf NEW ' TORkT ' . „
CRETICL..N0T.-8, Dec.- 12. Feb. 4. March 19
REPUBLIC ..Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 23
- FROM BOSTON. '. \
ROMANIC. Oct. 29, Dec 10. Jan. 29. Mar. 11
I CANOPIC: ."...".Not, 19. Jan. ',7, Feb. IS
C D. TATLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
. . 21 Post ft.. San Francisco. * ."
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Bonoluhi. Oct.* 29. 11 a.m.
g, S- 'SIERRA, , for Honolulu, « Samoa, t Auck-
land and Sydney, .Thursday, Nor. 10, 2 p. m. ¦
S. &.iMAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. Nov. 25, y a. m.
J.C.SMCKLS1 BROi Ca, A2t3.,TlcS2t 02m M3"lir-
hi ; ittiaw oisca 329 Manai sl,^ Pto 7, Piciis k. .
-:_ co»isNix'ez2rniU TsufSAfi^iiTiqai;'
OliUECT UNB TO HAVRE- PAJU3 V . '
Bailing eTery Thursday instead ot Uf- ftrTA
6*turd*y, at 10 a. m.. from Pier tX c '*w*~
North RlTer. foot ' of Morton - at. CMSMaaMajfS
•¦ Ftr»t elaaa to ¦ Harre. $70 and upward. - Sea-
obcK cl»n ¦ to Havre; .- *45 and upward. oa.V-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE* AND
CANADA. 83 Broadway <Hudaon * buildlnaJL
New Tork. J. F. FUOAZI * Ca. Paelfle Ooaw
Ac«nts.> 6 ;¦ Montgomery., arenue. San Fraaclsc*.
Tickets ) sold by . all Railroad Ticket , A cents. £
T01I.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
ISTjBAi^B-nvX CORCORAN .
Leaves . S. F., Clay 'st.'JT N end or . Ferry ' bid*,
dsily B-.3O a. na., 3 .and *&- p. . m. . 3und»/%
9:30a. m.. -S p. m.. l«av» Valloja dally »:M
a. m., 12:20 and 3:30 p. - ta. ¦¦ Sundays J p. m.
Fare 25c P. A. O. Co,. - Phoa* Mala ftak
•BatTWdays ezcepted. :¦ >¦.-* ; ; -^ ; \^*f.* : :
¦ ,-,- . >'..¦¦ *..'¦•¦•:-. -. v" : ¦.- 1 - ¦¦ •
: When a woman haa been bid that to
save her life It will be necessary for her
to undergo a dangerous surgical opera,
tion. especially when two nell-knowa
hospital doctors* agree that an operation
is the only help— to be quickly, thorough-
ly and painlessly cured at a trfling ex-
pense, such a woman must surely b«
grateful. ."Well, .-the . Electro-Chemlc
treatment has cured me after I Dad suf-
fered untold misery for seven yeirs and
aft«r two of the best family phyiidans
in San Francisco had told ma thit tha
only, thing tnat would save .my life
would be a surgical operation. X am
happy and grateful to the Eleetro-
Chemlc specialists for my cure, and X
want every suffering woman to know ot
this wonderful - new treatment — so pain-
less — so pleasant — so quick in its effect*
-and so cheap. My case was on a of thos«
distressing ovarian troubles. Tumors had
! all formed and the pains in the lower ab-
domen were awful. The pains and weak-
ness in my back at times were almost
unbearable. I was dizzy, I could not
eat, I was sick at my stomach and at
times could not sleep. My picture at tha
top of this article is quite good.- My
name is Mrs. E. W. Suttle and I live at
No. 132 Perry "street. Ban Francifco. Any
one Interested in my wonderful' cur* la
.at liberty to call on mo for further par-
ticulars. . , •
If -Electro-Chemistry had accomplished
nothing else but tha cure of; suffering
women, keeping them off of the operating
table. It would take a first- place amongst
the greatest of modern discoveries as a
curative agent, but Electro-Chemistry Is
the moat aueceaaful treatment now In
use for .the cure of Consumption. Ca-
tarrh. Asthma, Bronchitis. Rheumatism.
Neuralgia, Locomotor Ataxla, Falling
Sickness, Epilepay, Dizziness, Headaches,
Spots ' before the Byes, Piles.; Fissure.
Fistula, Stricture, Prostatltis.- Varlco-
cele. Nerve Exhaustion, Cancers, Tu-
mors. Old Sores 'and- Abscesses. Weak
Heart. Palpitation. Shortness of Breath.
Insomnia, Blood Poison. Skin Diseases.
Eczema, Goitre. Swollen Joints. Weak
Back. Kidney Diseases. Bladder Diseases.
Bright'a Dlaeaae. Diabetes, eta, etc .
The Electro-Chemlc examination is tin
most reliable examination that any suf-
ferer can have. Such an examination
will quickly ahow whether a caa« la cura-
ble or not. and this examination la now
absolutely free to.any sufferer applying
at tha Institute for It. The Electro-
Chemle Institute occupies nearly the
whole first floor of the large building at
US Grant avenue, corner of Post street.
The- office hours are from nine to five
and from seven to eight, daily, and from
ten to one on Sundays. There are re-
tired and private apartments set aside
for the male and female patients. The
Klectro-Chemic Institute is the only In-
stitution on the Pacific Coast doing thla
work. The office is centrally located at
118 Grant avenue, and persons desiring
to consult the Electro-Chemlc specialists
will do well to make no mistake regard-
ing the place.
The Klectro-Chemle bom* treatment Is
very successful and patienta who are
aick and who live at a distance should
try to come for personal examination
when possible, when this can not Be
done," a "abort -description - of principal
symptoms, should be sent in and full In-
structions regarding > examination and a
home course of the treatment will be
promptly forwarded, free of charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , '
•- . .. • ¦* " ' ¦ . j .-.-"¦.' ' ' •'¦,--
ffftrs unprecedented opportunities. \^M^SLfM
Dozens of articles of unquestioned \vsf g^*?^
Eat mcTlt a t from one-fourth to one-third IBM
j» M 1 department where all Odd Pieces and J B *^
J& ML \ discontinued" patterns are placed to #Ja^L
|| I $J0.00 Enamel Bed*. .$6.75 1 $19.50 Extension Table ... i
j&*J $43.00 Bedroom Suit ...... I V... ........ ..$12.75 ¦'
P .....:......:... $22^0 I $J5.00 Parlor Table ¥ -
k ($40.00 Chiffonier. .$30.00 fl ...... ..;....... $10.00 g
|< . Hundreds of other articles at equally tempting^ M
P Hyo« arc looking for an odd piece to complete ; ft
f| ; ~ % the * furnishing of your home, s6mething v suitable ? f or* R
II a ; .Wedding. ;or. Anniversary gift, this department of- ' : ; B
h fcrs opportunities to be found in no > other store; . U
?• M ¦': 1%; ¦ ¦"'''.'- ' --V-.-^-- :> ' • ¦ - •*.•-•."¦ ' "-';—¦- ¦ ;: fl|',:-' ¦
fcf /^^^BtE^^s V^MBBBiii. ItnvMl /SffSBBSld *^fc ' m%
245". 25 9 ; eEA^SSr ONTHE S qu A R. E,, Drummers ; for ."Old ' Gilt Edge' . Whiskey" al
ways hav* -."the. begtUb'ltownjaffordsi'JLtThey
carry; H with them, in fact;.' -"'- - . .• ; . s i,i, - ;^'
EL\-Congre«sman v Passes I Away.
: JPRA I RI E ; DU ¦ CHI EN, ; Wis;, Oct. 2 4 .
¦Fofm^F)/Co"nVrc8sman^'O. B.', Thomas
diedlto-day: ; ' f : : . " "
he returns to Washington, and. in; that
event the • Japanese Emperor 'will; for
ward the highly < prized emblem V to
him.. - /;.:¦ ¦>:,•.;*.%">>>= :' .- ¦r--')!--'
Lieutenant Fortescue • expects ; h tb
leave 1 here Thursday .'for .Washington,
where . he will 5 prepare a?. report 'on
the war. for the; army "chief of : staff.' .'
Lash's Kidney, 'and^ Livers Bitters expel
all poisons" and: impart; renewed life' and
enprgy:to the whole system.;; ¦ •_..-.•.¦
Articles, of; incorporation were filed
yesterday": by : the". ; i Southern, i Oregon
Power i Company ,1 to do, a 1 general elec
tric * power;: business ;¦; with a Ji capital
stock : of ! $500,000.; The 1 stock i is l sub-*
scribed 1 by-: the'i following / - directors^
Jesse -W/' Churchill 'of ".Treka.'Y'Cal..*
$50,000; 'A.'J^Rosborough of Oakland,
$50,000;; Frank* H.j Ray of .New York,
$125,000; C.'R.IRay of Medford.iOre.v
,$124,000 ;SCo S.t Denson of I San' Fran
cisco/i$100,00q;aHarvey d ;Teaman i of
San^Francisco,^$100,\and H. h B. Den
ronVof, San ¦ Francisco,' $ 50,000.;=/ '^tvi;
Power ; Compiiny Incorporates.
v E. G. Wellington, generally % known
as "Xed - Wellington," car dispatcher
or the Union street line at the, pre
sidio, fell dead, at. his post yesterday
afternoon at 5 'o'clock, ', just as . he was
in " the act \ of dispatching ; a car.' . For
many years he"? has ; been ; connected
with the company and was well known
to those r living at the :' Presidio. ¦' He
sat in his little box at that point and
gave every . one ' passing ; a cheerful
word:' The Coroner decided that death
ccme; from: natural causes, and "did! not
deem if: necessary ; to ; remove the * body
to" the Morgue. ¦• .
Falls Dead at His Post.
There is plenty of novelty in the
programme at the >Chutesi this week
and all, of the new acts made hits at
both performances yesterday. Frank
Stafford, a Clever whistler and mimic,
and Marie r Stoned a pleasing: soprano,
were " well received in ."A Hunter's
Game,',' Mile. proved a grace
ful and limber, limbed danseuse -and
the; three* Forrests gave a- finished ac
robatic- performance. John J. Fields
Jr. and;;Carrie^B. jWhalenV: gave i : a
sketch of New^Yorklife. entitled, "The
Bowery Sweethearts," Emlle ,ChevrIal,
an accomplished trick and comedy vio
linist," : extracted extraordinary music
from- his chosen .; instrument, "and^rMa
bel" Lamson, .': the . popular j contralto,
was ; warmly^ applauded . for her illus
trated songs, r The - blograph showed;
among ; other i interesting.' moving' pic
tures;*? "The^ Count's] Personal,",} one s of
the tmost 'amusing: 'Series^ of ; Incidents
ever. depicted by.a projecting machine;
The amateurs promise many surprises
for . Thursday "night. "
TI10 Chutes.
G ra nd \ Opera -House.
"Arizona" entered upon its second
.week's engagement at the Grand
Opera-house last night and judging
by; the attendance the remainder of its
engagement will be played to large
houses. .
. "San Toy" is now in the second and
last week of its engagement at the
Columbia Theater, where it Is/play
ing a very prosperous run. This mu
sical, comedy has proven all that was
expected of it. and the company head
ed by James T. Powers is one of the
best' seen .here for some time past.
"Glittering , Gloria" will be offered at
the J Columbia Theater commencing
with next 'Monday night by 1 John C.
Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley. The
piece is < an amusing London andNew
York comedy success in which Isadore
Rush is starring. Miss Rush is sup
ported by a strong company, including
George ; Parsons, Wilton Heriot, Ed
ward M. Favor, Thomas A. Kiernan,
Channez Olney. Lulu Loudon, W., S.
Freeman. and others. V
Columbia.
THREE SCALES WANTED.— Deputy Cu«
toms'Surveyor Chauncey M. St. John has be«n
deputized by Customs Collector Stratton : to
confer with the Harbor Commissioners . In the
matter of allowing the United States space on
th« water front for. three scales in order to ex
pedite ; the landing; of • Imported merchandise.
Three scales are needed, one near the northern
end of the docks, one in the central and the
southern one near the Pacific Mail dock. The
scales will' be of rreat benefit to ¦ importers in
this, the most expensive . harbor in the world.
At the Park Hospital the girl said
she had : beer) badly* treated at home.
From a : statement made by her \ people
it would seem that her wrongs, were
fancied. fn^te?
Edith Austin's people say that they
know of no reason why she: shoulG
have attempted suicide. They know of
no love affair. She lives at 1166. Ellis
street. Miss 'Austin's beauty caused an
Eastern magazine : . to use her picture
as a poster- in a recent issue.
Tired of life at . an age when all
should have looked bright to her. beau
tiful Edith Austin tried unsuccessfully
to end her life yesterday in Golden
Gate Park by taking-, carbolic acid.
There is no apparent reason why the
young' woman should seek death. She
Is more than ordinarily pretty and has
hosts of admirers.
But brooding over., little fancied
grievances turned her mind to morbid
thought. Yesterday morning she
kissed her invalid mother good-by, and
stole out into the park. , She sought a
secluded spot in the shadow of some
oaks and meditated in a girlish way on
the futility of existence.
She had with her a bottle of carbolic
acid. Just to swallow that would end
all pain and sorrow, real or fancied,
she thought.- It was verv easy to die
and very wearisome to live.
The girl looked at' the vial; then sud
denly raised it to her lips! „ With a
shriek of pain she dropped: the: bottle
and writhed in agony on the "grass.
The fiery stuff burned her pretty face
and blistered her red lips. This real
pain was worse than all her fancied In
juries. She did not want to die. v
The girl's agonized cries attracted a
policeman, who summoned an ambu
lance. She was taken 1 to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where she was
treated by Dr. Hill. The young, woman
was in no danger, as she had not swal
lowed any of the acid: Death was
harder than she thought.
Edith Austin, a Beautiful
Young .Girl, Seeks Death,
but Acid Is Too Painful
FINDS POISON
HARD TO TAKE
miration for the bravery of the Japanese, and
I must add that I was struck with the cour
age of the hard-fighting Russian soldiers. I
I viewed a number of engagements at close range
and I must say that the Russians showed a
great deal of tenacity, especially in hol0ing
their position*. With my departure from the
Orient the United States wa» left without a
repr<«eniative with the Japanese army, al
though we are still represented in the opposing
army.
'¦'¦: - i: -" • *¦•¦:•: ¦•'' ¦¦-¦ '.*.><.: '.: . ¦¦» \ ¦
BETWEEN* TWO FIRKS.
Lieutenant Fortescue distinguished
himself with. Lieutenant Count Wollf
j skeil, military attache of the German
army, during qne of the heavy engage-
I ments before Port Arthur by getting
between the two armies and taking\a
number of photographs of the troops
in the midst of battle. He also pre
pared a map of the engagement. . in
which he was assisted by Captain Sir
Alexander Bannerman of the British
Royal Engineers. Just before his de
parture from the front the Japanese
officials requepted him to give no
publicity to the photographs, explain
ing that it was Japan's intentions not
to give out for publication any of the
more Important details of the engage
ments around Port Arthur until a
later date. • ¦ . .
\ The Japanese Government has not
yet issued these statements and in con
sequence Lieutenant Fortescue is bound
by pledge to keep his photographs
from the public gaze. The work of
taking these pictures and the prelim
inary preparation of his map con
sumed the greater part of twenty-four
hours, during which he/and trfe Ger
man attache were constantly in dan
p:er from the missiles flying between
the two armies.
' ' .-.:¦ -¦¦¦>., ¦ ' - '¦-
Asked when he thought Port Ar
thur would probably fall, the lieuten
ant smiled significantly as hereplied*
'Well. General Stoessel will have
something to say about that."
"Apparently." suggested the inter
viewer, "your presence with the Jap
anese army did not warp your judg
ment of the- Russians."- Fortescue re
plied:
No. it did not. Both armies are fi fi htln*
gallantly and most fairly. Americans should
not place too much credence In the reports
they have received concerning brutalities prac
ticed by the Russians or the Japanese for
they are not true. Dumdum bullets are not
being; used, nor have the Russians enhanced
the . strength of their defenses , with barbed
wire The wire they are using is the plain '
.material. The beet of care Is being taken of
the wounded on both sides.-
BATTLE AT CLOSE RANGE.
I have read stories printed in AmerlcaYi pa
pers of how. the wounded or. the Japanese and
the Russians had been cruelly , put to death
when Cound on . the . battlefields. '• but an Inves
tigation of these resorts will show that in a
great majority qf cases tho wouimed fell with
many bullets t«U their bodies— a fact . which
was . misconstrued ; as an ! Indication that their
opponents flred into their bodies when the en
gagements were iover. The truth is that the
fighting has been at ouch close range that fre
quently men fall wounded by a dozen bullets,
and In ¦ one Instance ¦ of which I was a wit
ness a Japanese of fleer fell ¦ pierced by twenty
four ehot». He had unfortunately got in front
of a Gatllnsjnin. ...
-While Lieutenant • Fortescue .' de
clined to" telljust how; close he had
got to.' the stronger." fortifications o f
Port Arthur .with*, the • Jaoanese^army
he did gay that when; he left the. army
on September 29 the latter's big guns
were dropping ' shells ; on the .Russian
fleet in. the -harbor, -which-would. sug
gest that: he had got ;,within, about
8000 yards , : of the - Russian ', forces.
Prior to, leaving Japan 1 the ;young!lieu^
tenant was' tendered -the .badge : of • the
Order, of ! the RisingrSun,; which; he
was compelled '} to"'. decline, owing^to
the regulations *of the 'American' army.:
He hopes ' to : obtain c . permission ; when
YOITNG ARMY OFFICER WHO WAS
WITH XOGPS ARMY BEFORE
PORT ARTHUR.
Amccg the arrivals yesterday from
the Orient on the steamship Doric was
Lieutenant Granvill«» R. Fortescue of
the Traith United States Cavalry. He
is a nephew of President Roosevelt
2nd if? returninr from the Far East,
vhither he was pent as a special rep
resentative of the army to make a re
port on the progress of the Russian-
Japarfese war. For thiF missicyi ho
was siven the. courtesy rank of cap
tain.
Fortescue is a young officer who
Ferve.id in the Philippines and Cuba
and is returning to Washington with
valuable information concerning the
operations of the Japanese in the field.
This, however, he has pledged himself
to keep a secret, so far as the public
i? concerned, until the war is over.
H<? arrived in Tokio March 5 and
shortly afterward joined the regular
military attaches as guests of the Jap
anese officials in a sea tour around the
l -\tr:ous scenes of later battles. Finally
5i° was assigned to the Third Japanese
A-n-y, commanded by General Xogi.
V 1th that army Lieutenant Fortescue
witnessed a number of fierce battles
before Port Arthur, but. as already
said, he has promised to make no
public utterances concerning the mili
tary operations. Discussing his exper
ioncep with the Third army the lieu
tenant said:
Th+ Jaran**«> officials shotv-Fd the foreign
military attach*'? «?very possible courtesy, con
v»>yinp ih*>m about and Introducing: them to
all th» commanders. I hav* th<" srratPFt ad-
, The new Alcazar Company last
night gave a delightful presentation of
Esmond's clever .comedy, "The Wil
derness." The production was a fin
ished one in every detail and the ad
mirable acting of the principals
stamped it with the distinctive mark
of success. The burden of the piece
was borne,. by John Craig- and Miss
Lillian Lawrence and to say that they
were equal to, the requirements of two
very difficult roles would be putting it
mildJy. Miss Laurence as Mabel
Vaughan certainly proved her.- claim
to. the possession of dramatic talents
of a high order. and throughout the en
tire performance, demonstrated that
she is a tactful as well as a' capable
actress. Mr. Craig was refreshingly
pleasing in the part of Sir Harry Al
beit, rather heavy in portions of his
scenes. He is manly in his impersona
tion, however, and his undue fervor in
spots can easily be excused when his
uniformly good.work is taken into con
sideration. Luke Conness acted Jack
Kennerley splendidly and shows posi
tive improvement on longer acquaint
ance. The other parts were all well
sustained. by George Osbourne, Harry
Hilliard, John B.Maher, Walter Be-
Iasco, Pauline Maitland,,Ruth Allen,
Adele Belffarde and Elizabeth Wood
son, not forgetting Gladys and Sybil
Sorensen, who, played the children in
a natural manner that was the chief
charm of their Individual efforts.
AleuEar.
. There was a large attendance at the
musical and literary entertainment
given last night for the benefit of St.
Francis parochial residence fund in
Native- Sons' Hall. The programme
contained many excellent numbers, in
cluding overture, vocal and instru
mental solos, "farces; and high ; class
humor by clever comedians. . ' " • '¦* .
.Ted E. Box from the Orpheum en
tertained .with his 'eccentricities and
whistled and talked himself ' into the
good'* graces of the audience.
Miss Belle Williams, also from the Or
pheum, -won admiration for her easy,
merry method of interpreting comic
songs. A number of young ladies-
Misses Katherine Rankin, Grace
Gould, .Leonora Roland, Pauline Lord
and Emma Duden— made mirth in a
farce called "The Burglar."
'Miss Eleanor Mangan sang sweetly
and '• Grennan and Minner did a
"stunt." William Altrhann did a clev
er whistling act. Frank de Coss, Syl
vester McDonald, Misses Josephine
Clare. Katherine Dougherty and An
nie Bellew did very good comedy in
a farce entitled "The Obstinate Fam
ily." Miss Ethyl Grazer's French horn
solo was one • of the brilliant features
of the evening.
Clever Musicians and Comedians De
light littrge Audience With
Good Specialties.
BEXKFIT FOR ST. FRAN'CIS
PAUOCIIIAL. RESIDENCE FUND
As to the performance "itself there
was no' if. weak or defective stick of
timber in the whole cast. The role
of PhyJiis afforded , Amelia Gardner
an opportunity of exhibiting some de
lightful comedy acting, and she be
came a favorite from the start. How-'
ard Gould made a pronounced impres
sion by his splendid characterization
of Richard Carewe, the scene between
himself and the repentant Imp
(Harry Mestayer) In the last act be
ing sk:. If ully worked up. The re
mainder of the quartet of guardian
angels! George Woodward, as: Wad
dles, Frank MacVicars as the col
onel and John D. O'Hara as the
doctor were all that ¦ could be de
sired. Mr. Mestayer added fresh lau
rels to his fame by his personation of
the Imp. In the small part of Da
vid Hirsch Joseph Callahan had an
excel'ent makeup and wisely refrained
from overdoing the part. In the lit
tle that she has to do as "the. firefly"
Kleanor Gordon was fascinating and
effective. , ¦ '
: That the public appreciates a good
play by a first-class f company and put
upon the stage in j ftrst-class style was
evidenced last night by the overflow
ing attendance at the Majestic The
ater to witness an incomparable per
formance of Henry V. ; Esmond's
"When We Were Twenty-One." With
theneXv additions to the company the
audience was forced to admit that the
boast of the management that it had
th,e greatest stock company in Ameri
ca was s perilously dose to the "truth.
The excellent- and well-harmonized
acting was supplemented by the equal
skill with which the play. was mount
ed, notably the second act representing
the assembly room, of the Athenian
Club in London.
Majestic.
i At the request of a member of the
i Union League Club Deputy Registrar
I Harry Zemansky at 12 o'clock Sunday
j night left his bed and proceeding to
I the rooms of the club there demon-
I strated the workings ,of the voting
jvmachine to Senor Ramon Corral, Vice
j President of the Mexican republic,
j The latter, expressed himself as well
pleased with. the machine.. .
1 Vice President Ramon Corral of Mex
ico and his party were kept on the go
! yesterday. The distinguished Mexicans
rose late and at noon the male mem
bers of the party were the guests of
Dr.- George E. Goodfellow, who ¦- is an
! ol<T friend of. Senor Corral and General
Torres, at a luncheon at the Bohemian
Club. While th$ luncheon was In pro
gress the ladies of the Vice Presidential
party were enjoying a trip through
! Chinatown, where they spent the great-
1 er part of the 'afternoon. . • .
!¦ , Last evening \the (3 Mexican colony
gave their visiting countrymen a re
! ception at the home, of one of their
number at 1233 Octavia street. To-day
I the'Vlce President's party will make a
,trip to Mare Island, where its* members
/will be the guests of Admiral and Mrs.
| McCalla. The ladies of the party will
¦ go direct to the island on the Go-vern
- ment tug Slocum. while Vice President
i Corral, General Torres and others of
' the party, accompanied by United
• States officials, will, on the torpedo
j boat destroyer Preble, pay a .visit to
the United States war: vessels and the
• Italian cruiser lying in the bay before
i proceeding to the, navy yard. The
j party will return to this city in time
: to accept the hospitality of the Family
Club, where they will partake of din
¦ ner and be royally entertained.
i As yet the .visitors have not' definitely
'decided when they will start on their
f homeward trip, but it is expected that
( they will remain in San Francisco the
i balance of the week. 'From here they
; go to El Paso," stopping over for a few
hours at Los Angeles, where prepara
tions for their reception are being
! made.
Will Be the Guest of Ad
niiral McCalla and Wife
at Naval Headquarters
TO 'VISIT MARE ISLAND
Lieutenant Fortescue Returns From Scenes
of the Mighty Conflict in Orient. •
3Iexican Colony Entertains
Senor Ramon \ Corral • and
the Members of His Party
."Paul. Kauvar," a venerable drama
from the pen of Steele Mackaye,= proved
a "thriller" last ; night to" the Central
first-night ¦¦ audience.'.MIerschel Mayall,
who has for a long-time;pleased,thea
ter goers, of the city,, celebrated his re
turn to the Central after j a week's ill
ness by appearing' in the title role; and
was the hit of the performance.; He -was
ably assisted by Ethel Clifton as Diane,
who gave a good portrayal of the emo
tional character..'*
¦ Henry "Shumer- as Gouroc was suf
ficiently detestable and heavy and .won
the mingled : and ¦ hisses
usually accorded the 3 well acted villain.
James Corrigan was! droll as Arlstides
and together with Edna Ellsmere, who
was almost too pretty for the part, fur
nished the comedy, r Julia ,JBlanc .as
Scarlotle had a -thankless part as a
woman -of the people. V , .
The staging of the play is very good.
The tableaux of the guillotine, the bom
bardment and burning of the city and
the sacking: of the royalist palace, were
excellent in effect.
-Next week, "The Worst Woman in
London."
In the scene where Dante in Rome
receives word of his banishment from
Florence Mr. Bacigalupi perhaps
showed to best advantage. His profile,
lean, ascetic, is at a distance no bad
physical reminder of Dante's, and one
was grateful again for the player's
clear enunciation and intelligent ' de
livery. The Virgil also was ' particu
larly well portrayed by Fred Churchill,
and William A. Breen as Corso Donati
and John Mulrenin as Glno di Pistoia
both deserve mention. There was a
Beatrice, a boy Beatrice — again quaint
ly reminiscent of the miracle play. It
was done as well a? could be expected
by Francis Buckley. Ghibellines and
Guelphs galore filled in, and to this
all came a large and cheerful audience.
Twice again, on Wednesday and Fri
day evenlnps. the play. will be given. •
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
As a whole the piece impresses much
as a miracle play, naive and quaint:
One feels this particlarly in the visions
of the inferno, where red demons spit
an unfortunate gentleman on redhot
forks. But it is only amusing here, not
ridiculous. So much can hardly be said
of the pandemonic finale, that is.how
ever, melodramatically effective. But
it is as a simple and sympathetic little
portrait of the poet that, the pla*y best
pleases. Dante, in the hands of James
Bacigalupi, is a remarkably intelligent
portrayal. Mr. Bacigalupi jivill be re
membered as the very clever: Judas of
the Santa Clara Passion Play and he
last night again demonstrated unusual
dramatic ability. It was throughout a
dignified and thoughtful conception.
Here it is that Father O'Conor makes
his protest. A "drama" in three acts
that he also calls . "Dante." In more
ways than one the O'Conor drama'dif
fers f rorri 1 the Sardou play. Properly
speaking it is not a drama, but a se
ries of scenes from the life of the ooet.
It sympathetically presents him as
poet, politician, patriot, lover and ex
ile, and historic accuracy has been
strictly observed. In the Dante role
the poet's own words are f reauently
used, and the rest of the. dialogue is
well in keeping. With one exception.
The farcical little scene of the street
boys, with its "Yep," "Naw!" "kind o'
scared," "kind o' creepy," is curiously
out of . harmony with the simple dis:
nity of the rest. Nine scenes in all there
are. Set in Rome, Florence, hell and
Ravenna, they afford plenty of oppor
tunity to the scenic powers. And most
creditably they, were staged, the set
ting of the gate- of hell being really
impressive. -._'•¦¦
"Dante," a drama written In, protest
against the Sardou ' "Dante" by the
Rev. J. F.-X. O'Conor, S. J., was pre
sented | last night , at St. Ignatius Hall,
by members of the Gentlemen's Sodal-'
ity. ' ,, ' ¦;
The protest reaches us here before
the exciting crime. , Echoes , of the
Sardou "Dante," presented last season
by Sir Henry Irving, * have indeed
reached us. Tne play, despite the dis
tinction of both playwright and player,
secerns to have spelt most kinds of dra
matic failure. Its sins against good
taste and truth are alleged as offenses
in chief. Dante is dowered with left
handed offspring that plays Important
part, and with a paramour, Pla del
Tolemei, also much in evidence. .There
is a general back stairs attitude in the
viewpoint, and the attempt to reconcile
the Dante of the "Vita Nuova" and the
Dante of the back stairs, is said to
have met with high confusion.
Views the Fighting
Before Port Arthur
GIVEN WELCOME
BY C0UNTRYMEN
"PAUL KAUVAR"
IS A DRAMA
OF INTEREST
"DANTE" SEEMS
TO IMPRESS AS
MIRACLE PLAY
THEgSAN* FRANCISGO;:GALL,^TUESDAY; .^OCTOBER 25, 1904*
3
_^j AD VEiniSEMEyTS.
.m^^^- Pocket
A very swell Knife and choice
value. I. also have a specially good
Knife for 81.OO. It pays to buy a
good one.
GOOD RAZORS aa low as 91.OO. If
you have an old Razor- 1 will allow you
liberally for lt In exchang« for a new one.
I STAR SAFETY RAZOR, reduced from
£2.00 to #1.^5. N'ow Is the time to buy
one.
Try a CONKLIX'S SELF-FILLING
FOUNTAIN PEN— the Pen that fills itself.
Xo' dirty finger* with the Conklln. Does
not sweat or drip — *:t.oo up.
Good Razor Strop?. fH>e up.
2 bars William* Shaving Soap, 15c.
Razors honed and ground. Honing, 25c.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MABXET STBEET. Opu. Fifth,
SAX FRANCISCO.
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
RAELWAY^TRAVJIL; %
11 LIMITED TO CHICACOfi
i LEATES MOKDATS md THURSDAYS I
a at 0:30 a. m.; tbrou^h in 3 daya.H
¦ With .diner and all trappings. y
Other Santa Te Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 For . gtockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
IiOOpirnJ Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
¦ and Chlcatro.
Ticket OfHces — 841 Market «t. and F«rry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Terry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO f— HWAIL.
"WEEK DAYS — 1:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. o:10. B:3O\p. m. - Thursday* — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. \ -
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
v 6:C0, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAST EAPAEL TO SA2* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. »
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05° and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
• 4:05. 5:05.-6:25 p.' m. . ' ¦
Leave • I ¦ "In Effect I Arrive- \
San Fran. | Oct. ¦ 2. 1904. f San Fran. .
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. ( Uon. \ days. | Days.
"7730a 8:00a 9:10a l8:4Oa
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p . 6:05 p 6:20 9
5:10 p 5:00 p - . '- : 7:35 p
~7:3Oa \- ¦ . - 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a N'ovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10pj3:30p and 7:35 p .
- . I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~~ r ? "^ I ¦ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor. - •- ; 7 ~~
7:30a 8:00a Hpaldsburg. 10:10a 10:20a
. " " Lytton. . .
3:30 p 3:30 p . Geyservtlle, 7:33 p 6:20 p
•..;¦.- ¦': ¦ •-. Cloverdale.
7:30 at 8:00 al ' ' Hopland- - 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:80 p| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. I 7:35 pj 6:20 p
~ ~~j ; I ¦ Wtllits and j - I .
7:30a| 8:00a| Sherwood. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ~ .• |loT40a|10:20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GuernevlHe. \ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
,7:30 a) 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al S:40 a-
• 6:10 p|_5_:0O p| .Glen Ellen. |6:05p| 6:20 p
~7:30"al 8:0O~a| - "• T 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES* connect .at". Green Brae for -Saa
Quontln: at "• Santa Rosa for ' White Sulphur
Springs and M«rk West Springs; 'at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle tor Skaa-zs
Springs ; at ' Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boono-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hoplanrt for Duncan
Sprlnr", HighUnd Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnjs.V Soda Bay, 'Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot ; Springs- at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs.- Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*
Upper Lake, Pomo, ' Potter Valley. John Day- s
Riverside. Lierly's. Bucknell's. . - Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvillo.' Orr^a Hot Springs. • Halfway
House. . Comptche. , Hopkins Mendoclno. City
Tort Brag?.' Westport; and -UaaJ: at'Willits for
Hearst ? and Sawyers; 7 at * Sherwood for 1 Fort
Bragg, - Cahto. - Covelo, LaytonvUle. : Cuminlngs,
B«irs 'Springs. Harris.'- Hubbard. -Frultland.
Dyer. Garberville, . Camp: 5. , Pepperwood." Scotia
and Eureka.-'--- .,:¦ .'.... ; ; l~-r-. ¦ .-> - .
}' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced irate*'-- -t ¦¦.*•:.: • '.^s^a -smii?.
On , Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafa«l at half rates. 4
1 Ticket office. 650 1 Market street. Chroniels
buildlnr.VkVWMiMnMHjMUasm^eaHSsaM
. S J A S. L; . FR AZIER. ; ~ R. X: RYAN. .
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
RAIIiWAY TRAVEL.
H^aJv Trains 1b»t« and are d««
to arrW* at
(SQ&s£!Sz\ 8Ay FRANCISCO.
VX' —^—^ JoJ '*©¦ OcTO»«a 23, 1J04.
\>S^n/ rnnl>im
\_J^ (loot of Market StrMC)
*•-"« - MAIN LINE. ~Am»rr»
74>Oa V»c»Tti:e. Wiatox*. Kamier- TSSm
7.00a Beolcla, Elmira and Sacramento.. 7.20*
730a Vallejs, Napa, Callstoga, SaaU
Uota. Mtrttoez. Saa Ramon 1.20*
' 30a Ntle».TracT. Latnrop. »u>ck:on.... 7^0*
• OOAShMt* EzprM*— (Via D»tID.
Wllltant. WlUow». tFrnto. Ked
- Blaff. Portland. Tieoina. Seattle 7.50*
8 00a D&tIs. Woodland, KnliUH L»adlng.
MitryiTUle. OtotIUc 7-50*
830 » Martinez. Antioch. Byron. Tncy.
8tockton, N'swman, Lot Dtnoa,
Msndota. Armona, ll^oford.
Vital!*. Porterrllle 4.M*
8 30a Port Cotta. -Modesto. Me rend.
Fresno. Ooanen .Inaction, Han-
ford. Vltalla. BakenOeld 4.80*
8 30 A Jiiies. B*a Jo*«. Llvermore. Stock-
. ' ton. (tMUton), lone. Sacrameato,
MarjtTllle. Chlco. Rod DlaS .... 4.2J*
8 33 a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamettown. So- -_^
norm Tuolnmne and Angels 4-20* .
9 00a Atlantic Kxprett— Olden and E»it. 520*
9.30a lilrhinond. Martinej and Way
Station* 650*
1O47OA The Overland Limited — Ufcden.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver. Kaaaaa
10.00A v. c ,KV.^ u !:::::::.::::::::::::: iUK
10.00a Lot Antrcle* PattenKer — Port
* • Cotta, Marttae*. By run, Trscy.
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Baymond. Fresno, Got hen Jane-
tlon. llanford. Lemoore. VlMlla.
Batcertfleld. Lot Aa?el«« 7-20P
12.C0m Hayward. Kllea and Way Stallone. 320p
11.00P Sacramento RlTer Steamere tlt.OOP
3-3CP Benlcta. TVinter*. Baeramento).
Woodland. .Knlchtt Landing.
MarysTllie, Orovllle and way
- tutlont .*.. 1350a
5-30p Hayward.Nllet and Way Stattom.. 7.50p
3 30p Fort Coau, Martinez, ByroB.Traey,
I.athrop, Stockton, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fretno and
Way Station 9 beyond Port Cotta 12.20f»
4 OOP Uarttnes.Sanltamon.ValleJo.Napa.
CalUtoga, Saata Koaa. ... 9^0a
400PNUet. Tracr. Stockton 10.20a
4.30PU«yward. Nllcs. Irrlagton, Saa I tSSOA
Joie. Llrennore | til. Ma
EOOPTho Owl Limited— Nawman. L01
Haao*. Mrndo'v Fresno. Tultra,
Bakertfleld. LoaAngelet 8-50a ,
15Z0P Hayward. Mies and s*un Joaa 7.20*
600p Hayward. Kllea and Saa Joaa 9. SO*.
64>0PKaateTaKzprett— Omaha. Chicago. '
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis, ,'
Martlnei. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax. Reno, Sparks. Montello. '
Ornlen 12,B0p
S.OOpVtUejo, dally. *xcept Sunday.... I 7 Kn _
700PVallejo,8anday only f •••"^
7J)0p Klchmond. Saa Pablo. Port Cotta, ¦
Martlnes aad.Way stations 1 1.20a
7-OQp Keno PaaaenKer — Port Cotta. B#-
ntcta, Soiann, Klinlra. Dtxon,
Davis, Sacramento, Sparks. Tone-
pah, Keeler aad Way Stations... - 7-50A
8.05p Oregon A California Exprete— f%t-
ramento, Marysvllle, Raddlac
Portland. Puge t Sound and East. I.SOa
8.1 Op Hay ward, Nile* aad San Jose (Sun- * -----
day only) 11.50a
COAST LINE <»arr-w tiaaf*).
(Foot of Market Street.> ¦
8- 15a Newark. CenterTlIle. Ssa Jom.
Feltoa. Boaider Creek, Saau
Crai tad Way Stations 5S5p
t2.15P Newark. CentervUI*. San Jom.
New Almaden. Loa Gatoa.Feltoa.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cru* aad
Principal Way Stations M0. 55 a
4-IBp Newark. San Joie. Lot Gatot...-| 1 {J^*
c9 30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
San Jote and Way 8utlont t7.2Sp'
COAST LINE <Uroad Uaavtv
- fW~ Cfhlrd and Townsend gtreett.)
8.10a San Jos* and Way Sutlona „ 8 Mp
7-00a San Jose and Way 8tatlont 5 40f»
8J}0a New Almaden (Tuet.. FrlJ.. only). 4.10P
800a Th« Coaster— San Jote, Salinas.
\ ¦ Saa Ardo, Paso Roblea, Santa
Margarita, Ban Lais Obltpa.
. Gnadalup«, Osvlota, Santa Bar-
. bara. San BuensTentnra, Mon-
talvo. Oxnard, Bnrbank, Loa
1 Angeles 10.30*>
800a Gllroy. HolUster. Caatrovllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn-
poc 1050P
9.00a San Joae. Tret rtnot.WatsonTllle,
Ctpltola, Santa Cms, Pacific
Grove. Sallnaa, San Lnlt Oblspo
and Principal Way Statlona. ... 4.10s*
10.30a San Jote and Way Statlont 1.20p
11 30a San Jote and Way Stations. ....... 7.30 p
2l5P6tnJose and Way Station 8 38a
3. OOp Del Monte Kxprett— Santa Clara.
San Jote, Wattonville, Santa
Cruz.' Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove 1243*
13-OOp Loa Gatoa. Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Crnz. tu Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge ".... t10 45a
' 3-JOp Valencia St.. South Saa Francisco,
Bnrllnzame, San Jo»e, Gllroy, ;
Ilol Utter. Tr«« Pino* 10-45a
4 30P?an Joxe and Way Stations t8 00a
t5-0OP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los G t tos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Snnday) t9 00a
|B-30p SanJoteandPrtnctpalWaySutlone 19 40a
6-4Sp Sunset Express.— lUdwood. Saa
Jote, G Ilroy.SaIlntt,Pato Roblea, I '
San Lnlt Obit po. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles. Demlas. El Paao.
St.Lonla. New Orleans, XewTork J 9.10a
6.45p Tsjuro. Watsonvl!!e, Caplt'ola,
. Santa Cm?. Castrovllle. Del
- Montr, Pacific «iroT»... ......... -J(JJ)jp
: 1S-15p banMateo.BeresfordJJelmont.Saa , ft.
Carloa. Redwood. Fair . Oaia.
*s • Menlo Park. Palo Alto...! ' 19.49a
6 SOpBan Jote and Way Statlont......... > 8.38a
8 OOp P»!o Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .30p South SanFrandsco, MUlbrae.Bor-
Unfame, San Mateo, BelmonC.
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t9-43t>
«1130p Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
San Jote 1... t8.4S>
A tor Morning. , P for Afternoon. T"""
¦ 1 Snnday eicepted, 1 Bandar only
«. Saturday only. » Monday only.
. {btoD» at all statloat on Sunday^ f
¦ ToSANRAFAHU
ROSS VALLEY,
Bffll VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc-
Via Sansallto T trry
SUHCRBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
•Depart from San Francisco, dally, at tT:08.
7:43, 8:25. 9:10. 9:5O. ll:CO a. m.; 1:45. 3:13.
4:35, ; 3:13. ,5:30. 6:30. 7:13, »:W) and 11^35
*Arrlve at San Francisco, dally, at tSMO.
7:35 8:15. 8:30. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.;l:30L 2:33.
*:25. 5:05. 6:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and U:U
p. m.<*4HMMPV
tDallT except Sunday. . >
¦ For Fairfax, dally, at 7:43 a. m. : alao Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur*
day and Sunday at 5:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIX3.
7-45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For, Cazadero.
. 3":13 p.' m..; daily, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tonaalea. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «30 Market st.^
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Saa ?riaci«» 1' 111 tin Ar - *¦* Tranctsea
fir. P»y« Saadaji fflfiTpfflbk Sa^ZL T '*~I>»7»'
_ „. 8:85a SSgBBSi l:30p •10:30*
9:30a B:50a WS^JMT 3:35p »:33p
"ll'ij'p" i';-i5p g:**3p ""ttTaa?
gBnp^.T* «:a.t» ' ''^9Sr~ ' tafflrdays ll:13p •?
. *TU CrtTity Car . V • KtTtmalpait t»KtnTafl«y
. TICU? ( 650 Makket St..( North Shcre Railroad)
IIKCSS I aad S a us auto Fax** , Foot Market St.
y^*\. Dr. Oibbon's Dispensary,
i_ -_ <>i!9 GEAR>T »T. KatablUhed
§^^*jSk\n l"»54 lor the tre»tmt-nt of Priyale
H I V-'-»™r Di«»»»e«. Lo*t Manhood. D^hilltr or
SMSfiK B*y1i*pas< > » Paring on bodr and mind and
1^' CHI Skin Dis>-a«es. The Doctorcnrenwhen
J *i t ®l'>t»«'" '*"• ' lr y hItn - *"h«r?eii low.
*^8B gj<nry«iuaraiilef<. CallorWItte.
ODrTj. F- «IBBO.\, aau Frao^aco, Cat
POAX'S PILLS.
COMMOHJROPEHTY
Fabllc Praise Is Pule Property— San
Francisco People May Profit fiy
Local Eperieiice.
Grateful people will talk,
- Tell their experiencefor the public
good. ~-
San Francisco . citizens praise
Doan's - Kidney , Pills.
' Kidney sufferers appreciate this.
They find relief : for every kidney
ill. : ,"' '. ¦ ...' : . ; ¦ -
: Read, what this citizen says:
¦ Mrs. Margaret- Leech of .'112 Wil-
liam- street says:* \'I cannot begin to
tell: you the different kinds -of,; medi-
cine; I have" used :nor the quantity I
took during the years I have been
subject to "attacks of . backache.
I'had used many a preparation in the
past, * when" I : noticed an u advertise-
ment about Doan's i Kidney Pills in
one of our San; Francisco 'papers, so I
made-up my mind to. try the fem-
- It acted , just ¦; as represented,
stopped '-. the; backache 'and pain in
the; side,- and,': what is;qf;much more
importance to me. during the : last
six mbnths'I have not had the slight-
est indication of a return."
:: ; For 'sale by. all "dealers. Price 50c.
i Foster-Milburn:, Co.; ;>.BufTalo; ; N. Y.*,
sole agents :for the: United States.
f ; Remember •• the .name, Doan's, arid
take : no •substituted. ;
TARTAR IS A TARTAR , \
; : ; Soft.jSpongy, sensitive gums result from
tartar accumulation. It should be removed
at once* by your , dentist and ; thereafter, pre-
vented by the use of
S0Z6pC»NT
TOOTH POWDER
and ' its cornplement. SOZODONT ; Liquid.'*
/The '• Powder^ is ¦ slightly T.- abrasive, ¦/ is abso^
: lu t ely free j f ro m gn t ''and acid/ and - Is - just
', the j thing for , those I whV have an Inclinatiou
forjhe nicetles~of every-^day,life.' ;~ ;
3 FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER. PASTE.
AD VERTISEM EXTS^ .
"V r ery £tne people in this
-world*'* mused Golden
Gate.
"I receive a great wel-
come at the breakfast
table, at banquets,
receptions, and wher-
ever I do.
"Everybody says I'm
the finest coffee , ever
produced.
"Ah, it's nice to be
famous."
Notblntf tfoes w i«h GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE but satisfaction. No
prl*es — no coapont — no crockery.
1 and 2 Ib. « ro tn • -l 1 ,2 h I tins.
Never sold la bulk.
J. A. Folger Q. Co.
Elitablithed ht.rn.lfm Century
San Franciico
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat^
iMUSEUi OF ANATOHY^
Q «511£ASSZ7ET.t«.eTt*7ii,r.rcil. A
0 aefev Izit M^vr* " tr > *- atat4 6
* ttXCH 6««e |»>iu%,i r wtihi tk ( .ideit T
O fMMl : >p*'» li » tMtl "C»»«i E»tj6r«" G
A |t."5*i OR. JORDAH-D!l£ASES OF KEN A
AFff 110" Wr>f for Pwk. rail.Qnornv .( A
Vfif KI.BIIIBIACK, «1U» rm, (if
A «' (i *» liubu tmok *•* • fl »' \
V PB.J^tt^X J <fc£O ;L I0HMarlc t tlSt.& F. ¥
_ADVERTISI3£Eyrs. ' _ . r_
ciiitics.
c&henp'&U g:f|; * 100s
Entirely new, better than ever.
"Money makes the Mayor go."
.30,000 advance copies sold: in all
the sales have reached 80,000 ' Cynics.
75c net; Postage, 5c.
PAUL ELDER ®> GO.
238 POST STREET SAN FRANCISCO,, Drummers ; for ."Old ' Gilt Edge' . Whiskey" al
ways hav* -."the. begtUb'ltownjaffordsi'JLtThey
carry; H with them, in fact;.' -"'- - . .• ; . s i,i, - ;^'
EL\-Congre«sman v Passes I Away.
: JPRA I RI E ; DU ¦ CHI EN, ; Wis;, Oct. 2 4 .
¦Fofm^F)/Co"nVrc8sman^'O. B.', Thomas
diedlto-day: ; ' f : : . " "
he returns to Washington, and. in; that
event the • Japanese Emperor 'will; for
ward the highly < prized emblem V to
him.. - /;.:¦ ¦>:,•.;*.%">>>= :' .- ¦r--')!--'
Lieutenant Fortescue • expects ; h tb
leave 1 here Thursday .'for .Washington,
where . he will 5 prepare a?. report 'on
the war. for the; army "chief of : staff.' .'
Lash's Kidney, 'and^ Livers Bitters expel
all poisons" and: impart; renewed life' and
enprgy:to the whole system.;; ¦ •_..-.•.¦
Articles, of; incorporation were filed
yesterday": by : the". ; i Southern, i Oregon
Power i Company ,1 to do, a 1 general elec
tric * power;: business ;¦; with a Ji capital
stock : of ! $500,000.; The 1 stock i is l sub-*
scribed 1 by-: the'i following / - directors^
Jesse -W/' Churchill 'of ".Treka.'Y'Cal..*
$50,000; 'A.'J^Rosborough of Oakland,
$50,000;; Frank* H.j Ray of .New York,
$125,000; C.'R.IRay of Medford.iOre.v
,$124,000 ;SCo S.t Denson of I San' Fran
cisco/i$100,00q;aHarvey d ;Teaman i of
San^Francisco,^$100,\and H. h B. Den
ronVof, San ¦ Francisco,' $ 50,000.;=/ '^tvi;
Power ; Compiiny Incorporates.
v E. G. Wellington, generally % known
as "Xed - Wellington," car dispatcher
or the Union street line at the, pre
sidio, fell dead, at. his post yesterday
afternoon at 5 'o'clock, ', just as . he was
in " the act \ of dispatching ; a car.' . For
many years he"? has ; been ; connected
with the company and was well known
to those r living at the :' Presidio. ¦' He
sat in his little box at that point and
gave every . one ' passing ; a cheerful
word:' The Coroner decided that death
ccme; from: natural causes, and "did! not
deem if: necessary ; to ; remove the * body
to" the Morgue. ¦• .
Falls Dead at His Post.
There is plenty of novelty in the
programme at the >Chutesi this week
and all, of the new acts made hits at
both performances yesterday. Frank
Stafford, a Clever whistler and mimic,
and Marie r Stoned a pleasing: soprano,
were " well received in ."A Hunter's
Game,',' Mile. proved a grace
ful and limber, limbed danseuse -and
the; three* Forrests gave a- finished ac
robatic- performance. John J. Fields
Jr. and;;Carrie^B. jWhalenV: gave i : a
sketch of New^Yorklife. entitled, "The
Bowery Sweethearts," Emlle ,ChevrIal,
an accomplished trick and comedy vio
linist," : extracted extraordinary music
from- his chosen .; instrument, "and^rMa
bel" Lamson, .': the . popular j contralto,
was ; warmly^ applauded . for her illus
trated songs, r The - blograph showed;
among ; other i interesting.' moving' pic
tures;*? "The^ Count's] Personal,",} one s of
the tmost 'amusing: 'Series^ of ; Incidents
ever. depicted by.a projecting machine;
The amateurs promise many surprises
for . Thursday "night. "
TI10 Chutes.
G ra nd \ Opera -House.
"Arizona" entered upon its second
.week's engagement at the Grand
Opera-house last night and judging
by; the attendance the remainder of its
engagement will be played to large
houses. .
. "San Toy" is now in the second and
last week of its engagement at the
Columbia Theater, where it Is/play
ing a very prosperous run. This mu
sical, comedy has proven all that was
expected of it. and the company head
ed by James T. Powers is one of the
best' seen .here for some time past.
"Glittering , Gloria" will be offered at
the J Columbia Theater commencing
with next 'Monday night by 1 John C.
Fisher and Thomas W. Ryley. The
piece is < an amusing London andNew
York comedy success in which Isadore
Rush is starring. Miss Rush is sup
ported by a strong company, including
George ; Parsons, Wilton Heriot, Ed
ward M. Favor, Thomas A. Kiernan,
Channez Olney. Lulu Loudon, W., S.
Freeman. and others. V
Columbia.
THREE SCALES WANTED.— Deputy Cu«
toms'Surveyor Chauncey M. St. John has be«n
deputized by Customs Collector Stratton : to
confer with the Harbor Commissioners . In the
matter of allowing the United States space on
th« water front for. three scales in order to ex
pedite ; the landing; of • Imported merchandise.
Three scales are needed, one near the northern
end of the docks, one in the central and the
southern one near the Pacific Mail dock. The
scales will' be of rreat benefit to ¦ importers in
this, the most expensive . harbor in the world.
At the Park Hospital the girl said
she had : beer) badly* treated at home.
From a : statement made by her \ people
it would seem that her wrongs, were
fancied. fn^te?
Edith Austin's people say that they
know of no reason why she: shoulG
have attempted suicide. They know of
no love affair. She lives at 1166. Ellis
street. Miss 'Austin's beauty caused an
Eastern magazine : . to use her picture
as a poster- in a recent issue.
Tired of life at . an age when all
should have looked bright to her. beau
tiful Edith Austin tried unsuccessfully
to end her life yesterday in Golden
Gate Park by taking-, carbolic acid.
There is no apparent reason why the
young' woman should seek death. She
Is more than ordinarily pretty and has
hosts of admirers.
But brooding over., little fancied
grievances turned her mind to morbid
thought. Yesterday morning she
kissed her invalid mother good-by, and
stole out into the park. , She sought a
secluded spot in the shadow of some
oaks and meditated in a girlish way on
the futility of existence.
She had with her a bottle of carbolic
acid. Just to swallow that would end
all pain and sorrow, real or fancied,
she thought.- It was verv easy to die
and very wearisome to live.
The girl looked at' the vial; then sud
denly raised it to her lips! „ With a
shriek of pain she dropped: the: bottle
and writhed in agony on the "grass.
The fiery stuff burned her pretty face
and blistered her red lips. This real
pain was worse than all her fancied In
juries. She did not want to die. v
The girl's agonized cries attracted a
policeman, who summoned an ambu
lance. She was taken 1 to the Park
Emergency Hospital, where she was
treated by Dr. Hill. The young, woman
was in no danger, as she had not swal
lowed any of the acid: Death was
harder than she thought.
Edith Austin, a Beautiful
Young .Girl, Seeks Death,
but Acid Is Too Painful
FINDS POISON
HARD TO TAKE
miration for the bravery of the Japanese, and
I must add that I was struck with the cour
age of the hard-fighting Russian soldiers. I
I viewed a number of engagements at close range
and I must say that the Russians showed a
great deal of tenacity, especially in hol0ing
their position*. With my departure from the
Orient the United States wa» left without a
repr<«eniative with the Japanese army, al
though we are still represented in the opposing
army.
'¦'¦: - i: -" • *¦•¦:•: ¦•'' ¦¦-¦ '.*.><.: '.: . ¦¦» \ ¦
BETWEEN* TWO FIRKS.
Lieutenant Fortescue distinguished
himself with. Lieutenant Count Wollf
j skeil, military attache of the German
army, during qne of the heavy engage-
I ments before Port Arthur by getting
between the two armies and taking\a
number of photographs of the troops
in the midst of battle. He also pre
pared a map of the engagement. . in
which he was assisted by Captain Sir
Alexander Bannerman of the British
Royal Engineers. Just before his de
parture from the front the Japanese
officials requepted him to give no
publicity to the photographs, explain
ing that it was Japan's intentions not
to give out for publication any of the
more Important details of the engage
ments around Port Arthur until a
later date. • ¦ . .
\ The Japanese Government has not
yet issued these statements and in con
sequence Lieutenant Fortescue is bound
by pledge to keep his photographs
from the public gaze. The work of
taking these pictures and the prelim
inary preparation of his map con
sumed the greater part of twenty-four
hours, during which he/and trfe Ger
man attache were constantly in dan
p:er from the missiles flying between
the two armies.
' ' .-.:¦ -¦¦¦>., ¦ ' - '¦-
Asked when he thought Port Ar
thur would probably fall, the lieuten
ant smiled significantly as hereplied*
'Well. General Stoessel will have
something to say about that."
"Apparently." suggested the inter
viewer, "your presence with the Jap
anese army did not warp your judg
ment of the- Russians."- Fortescue re
plied:
No. it did not. Both armies are fi fi htln*
gallantly and most fairly. Americans should
not place too much credence In the reports
they have received concerning brutalities prac
ticed by the Russians or the Japanese for
they are not true. Dumdum bullets are not
being; used, nor have the Russians enhanced
the . strength of their defenses , with barbed
wire The wire they are using is the plain '
.material. The beet of care Is being taken of
the wounded on both sides.-
BATTLE AT CLOSE RANGE.
I have read stories printed in AmerlcaYi pa
pers of how. the wounded or. the Japanese and
the Russians had been cruelly , put to death
when Cound on . the . battlefields. '• but an Inves
tigation of these resorts will show that in a
great majority qf cases tho wouimed fell with
many bullets t«U their bodies— a fact . which
was . misconstrued ; as an ! Indication that their
opponents flred into their bodies when the en
gagements were iover. The truth is that the
fighting has been at ouch close range that fre
quently men fall wounded by a dozen bullets,
and In ¦ one Instance ¦ of which I was a wit
ness a Japanese of fleer fell ¦ pierced by twenty
four ehot». He had unfortunately got in front
of a Gatllnsjnin. ...
-While Lieutenant • Fortescue .' de
clined to" telljust how; close he had
got to.' the stronger." fortifications o f
Port Arthur .with*, the • Jaoanese^army
he did gay that when; he left the. army
on September 29 the latter's big guns
were dropping ' shells ; on the .Russian
fleet in. the -harbor, -which-would. sug
gest that: he had got ;,within, about
8000 yards , : of the - Russian ', forces.
Prior to, leaving Japan 1 the ;young!lieu^
tenant was' tendered -the .badge : of • the
Order, of ! the RisingrSun,; which; he
was compelled '} to"'. decline, owing^to
the regulations *of the 'American' army.:
He hopes ' to : obtain c . permission ; when
YOITNG ARMY OFFICER WHO WAS
WITH XOGPS ARMY BEFORE
PORT ARTHUR.
Amccg the arrivals yesterday from
the Orient on the steamship Doric was
Lieutenant Granvill«» R. Fortescue of
the Traith United States Cavalry. He
is a nephew of President Roosevelt
2nd if? returninr from the Far East,
vhither he was pent as a special rep
resentative of the army to make a re
port on the progress of the Russian-
Japarfese war. For thiF missicyi ho
was siven the. courtesy rank of cap
tain.
Fortescue is a young officer who
Ferve.id in the Philippines and Cuba
and is returning to Washington with
valuable information concerning the
operations of the Japanese in the field.
This, however, he has pledged himself
to keep a secret, so far as the public
i? concerned, until the war is over.
H<? arrived in Tokio March 5 and
shortly afterward joined the regular
military attaches as guests of the Jap
anese officials in a sea tour around the
l -\tr:ous scenes of later battles. Finally
5i° was assigned to the Third Japanese
A-n-y, commanded by General Xogi.
V 1th that army Lieutenant Fortescue
witnessed a number of fierce battles
before Port Arthur, but. as already
said, he has promised to make no
public utterances concerning the mili
tary operations. Discussing his exper
ioncep with the Third army the lieu
tenant said:
Th+ Jaran**«> officials shotv-Fd the foreign
military attach*'? «?very possible courtesy, con
v»>yinp ih*>m about and Introducing: them to
all th» commanders. I hav* th<" srratPFt ad-
, The new Alcazar Company last
night gave a delightful presentation of
Esmond's clever .comedy, "The Wil
derness." The production was a fin
ished one in every detail and the ad
mirable acting of the principals
stamped it with the distinctive mark
of success. The burden of the piece
was borne,. by John Craig- and Miss
Lillian Lawrence and to say that they
were equal to, the requirements of two
very difficult roles would be putting it
mildJy. Miss Laurence as Mabel
Vaughan certainly proved her.- claim
to. the possession of dramatic talents
of a high order. and throughout the en
tire performance, demonstrated that
she is a tactful as well as a' capable
actress. Mr. Craig was refreshingly
pleasing in the part of Sir Harry Al
beit, rather heavy in portions of his
scenes. He is manly in his impersona
tion, however, and his undue fervor in
spots can easily be excused when his
uniformly good.work is taken into con
sideration. Luke Conness acted Jack
Kennerley splendidly and shows posi
tive improvement on longer acquaint
ance. The other parts were all well
sustained. by George Osbourne, Harry
Hilliard, John B.Maher, Walter Be-
Iasco, Pauline Maitland,,Ruth Allen,
Adele Belffarde and Elizabeth Wood
son, not forgetting Gladys and Sybil
Sorensen, who, played the children in
a natural manner that was the chief
charm of their Individual efforts.
AleuEar.
. There was a large attendance at the
musical and literary entertainment
given last night for the benefit of St.
Francis parochial residence fund in
Native- Sons' Hall. The programme
contained many excellent numbers, in
cluding overture, vocal and instru
mental solos, "farces; and high ; class
humor by clever comedians. . ' " • '¦* .
.Ted E. Box from the Orpheum en
tertained .with his 'eccentricities and
whistled and talked himself ' into the
good'* graces of the audience.
Miss Belle Williams, also from the Or
pheum, -won admiration for her easy,
merry method of interpreting comic
songs. A number of young ladies-
Misses Katherine Rankin, Grace
Gould, .Leonora Roland, Pauline Lord
and Emma Duden— made mirth in a
farce called "The Burglar."
'Miss Eleanor Mangan sang sweetly
and '• Grennan and Minner did a
"stunt." William Altrhann did a clev
er whistling act. Frank de Coss, Syl
vester McDonald, Misses Josephine
Clare. Katherine Dougherty and An
nie Bellew did very good comedy in
a farce entitled "The Obstinate Fam
ily." Miss Ethyl Grazer's French horn
solo was one • of the brilliant features
of the evening.
Clever Musicians and Comedians De
light littrge Audience With
Good Specialties.
BEXKFIT FOR ST. FRAN'CIS
PAUOCIIIAL. RESIDENCE FUND
As to the performance "itself there
was no' if. weak or defective stick of
timber in the whole cast. The role
of PhyJiis afforded , Amelia Gardner
an opportunity of exhibiting some de
lightful comedy acting, and she be
came a favorite from the start. How-'
ard Gould made a pronounced impres
sion by his splendid characterization
of Richard Carewe, the scene between
himself and the repentant Imp
(Harry Mestayer) In the last act be
ing sk:. If ully worked up. The re
mainder of the quartet of guardian
angels! George Woodward, as: Wad
dles, Frank MacVicars as the col
onel and John D. O'Hara as the
doctor were all that ¦ could be de
sired. Mr. Mestayer added fresh lau
rels to his fame by his personation of
the Imp. In the small part of Da
vid Hirsch Joseph Callahan had an
excel'ent makeup and wisely refrained
from overdoing the part. In the lit
tle that she has to do as "the. firefly"
Kleanor Gordon was fascinating and
effective. , ¦ '
: That the public appreciates a good
play by a first-class f company and put
upon the stage in j ftrst-class style was
evidenced last night by the overflow
ing attendance at the Majestic The
ater to witness an incomparable per
formance of Henry V. ; Esmond's
"When We Were Twenty-One." With
theneXv additions to the company the
audience was forced to admit that the
boast of the management that it had
th,e greatest stock company in Ameri
ca was s perilously dose to the "truth.
The excellent- and well-harmonized
acting was supplemented by the equal
skill with which the play. was mount
ed, notably the second act representing
the assembly room, of the Athenian
Club in London.
Majestic.
i At the request of a member of the
i Union League Club Deputy Registrar
I Harry Zemansky at 12 o'clock Sunday
j night left his bed and proceeding to
I the rooms of the club there demon-
I strated the workings ,of the voting
jvmachine to Senor Ramon Corral, Vice
j President of the Mexican republic,
j The latter, expressed himself as well
pleased with. the machine.. .
1 Vice President Ramon Corral of Mex
ico and his party were kept on the go
! yesterday. The distinguished Mexicans
rose late and at noon the male mem
bers of the party were the guests of
Dr.- George E. Goodfellow, who ¦- is an
! ol<T friend of. Senor Corral and General
Torres, at a luncheon at the Bohemian
Club. While th$ luncheon was In pro
gress the ladies of the Vice Presidential
party were enjoying a trip through
! Chinatown, where they spent the great-
1 er part of the 'afternoon. . • .
!¦ , Last evening \the (3 Mexican colony
gave their visiting countrymen a re
! ception at the home, of one of their
number at 1233 Octavia street. To-day
I the'Vlce President's party will make a
,trip to Mare Island, where its* members
/will be the guests of Admiral and Mrs.
| McCalla. The ladies of the party will
¦ go direct to the island on the Go-vern
- ment tug Slocum. while Vice President
i Corral, General Torres and others of
' the party, accompanied by United
• States officials, will, on the torpedo
j boat destroyer Preble, pay a .visit to
the United States war: vessels and the
• Italian cruiser lying in the bay before
i proceeding to the, navy yard. The
j party will return to this city in time
: to accept the hospitality of the Family
Club, where they will partake of din
¦ ner and be royally entertained.
i As yet the .visitors have not' definitely
'decided when they will start on their
f homeward trip, but it is expected that
( they will remain in San Francisco the
i balance of the week. 'From here they
; go to El Paso," stopping over for a few
hours at Los Angeles, where prepara
tions for their reception are being
! made.
Will Be the Guest of Ad
niiral McCalla and Wife
at Naval Headquarters
TO 'VISIT MARE ISLAND
Lieutenant Fortescue Returns From Scenes
of the Mighty Conflict in Orient. •
3Iexican Colony Entertains
Senor Ramon \ Corral • and
the Members of His Party
."Paul. Kauvar," a venerable drama
from the pen of Steele Mackaye,= proved
a "thriller" last ; night to" the Central
first-night ¦¦ audience.'.MIerschel Mayall,
who has for a long-time;pleased,thea
ter goers, of the city,, celebrated his re
turn to the Central after j a week's ill
ness by appearing' in the title role; and
was the hit of the performance.; He -was
ably assisted by Ethel Clifton as Diane,
who gave a good portrayal of the emo
tional character..'*
¦ Henry "Shumer- as Gouroc was suf
ficiently detestable and heavy and .won
the mingled : and ¦ hisses
usually accorded the 3 well acted villain.
James Corrigan was! droll as Arlstides
and together with Edna Ellsmere, who
was almost too pretty for the part, fur
nished the comedy, r Julia ,JBlanc .as
Scarlotle had a -thankless part as a
woman -of the people. V , .
The staging of the play is very good.
The tableaux of the guillotine, the bom
bardment and burning of the city and
the sacking: of the royalist palace, were
excellent in effect.
-Next week, "The Worst Woman in
London."
In the scene where Dante in Rome
receives word of his banishment from
Florence Mr. Bacigalupi perhaps
showed to best advantage. His profile,
lean, ascetic, is at a distance no bad
physical reminder of Dante's, and one
was grateful again for the player's
clear enunciation and intelligent ' de
livery. The Virgil also was ' particu
larly well portrayed by Fred Churchill,
and William A. Breen as Corso Donati
and John Mulrenin as Glno di Pistoia
both deserve mention. There was a
Beatrice, a boy Beatrice — again quaint
ly reminiscent of the miracle play. It
was done as well a? could be expected
by Francis Buckley. Ghibellines and
Guelphs galore filled in, and to this
all came a large and cheerful audience.
Twice again, on Wednesday and Fri
day evenlnps. the play. will be given. •
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
As a whole the piece impresses much
as a miracle play, naive and quaint:
One feels this particlarly in the visions
of the inferno, where red demons spit
an unfortunate gentleman on redhot
forks. But it is only amusing here, not
ridiculous. So much can hardly be said
of the pandemonic finale, that is.how
ever, melodramatically effective. But
it is as a simple and sympathetic little
portrait of the poet that, the pla*y best
pleases. Dante, in the hands of James
Bacigalupi, is a remarkably intelligent
portrayal. Mr. Bacigalupi jivill be re
membered as the very clever: Judas of
the Santa Clara Passion Play and he
last night again demonstrated unusual
dramatic ability. It was throughout a
dignified and thoughtful conception.
Here it is that Father O'Conor makes
his protest. A "drama" in three acts
that he also calls . "Dante." In more
ways than one the O'Conor drama'dif
fers f rorri 1 the Sardou play. Properly
speaking it is not a drama, but a se
ries of scenes from the life of the ooet.
It sympathetically presents him as
poet, politician, patriot, lover and ex
ile, and historic accuracy has been
strictly observed. In the Dante role
the poet's own words are f reauently
used, and the rest of the. dialogue is
well in keeping. With one exception.
The farcical little scene of the street
boys, with its "Yep," "Naw!" "kind o'
scared," "kind o' creepy," is curiously
out of . harmony with the simple dis:
nity of the rest. Nine scenes in all there
are. Set in Rome, Florence, hell and
Ravenna, they afford plenty of oppor
tunity to the scenic powers. And most
creditably they, were staged, the set
ting of the gate- of hell being really
impressive. -._'•¦¦
"Dante," a drama written In, protest
against the Sardou ' "Dante" by the
Rev. J. F.-X. O'Conor, S. J., was pre
sented | last night , at St. Ignatius Hall,
by members of the Gentlemen's Sodal-'
ity. ' ,, ' ¦;
The protest reaches us here before
the exciting crime. , Echoes , of the
Sardou "Dante," presented last season
by Sir Henry Irving, * have indeed
reached us. Tne play, despite the dis
tinction of both playwright and player,
secerns to have spelt most kinds of dra
matic failure. Its sins against good
taste and truth are alleged as offenses
in chief. Dante is dowered with left
handed offspring that plays Important
part, and with a paramour, Pla del
Tolemei, also much in evidence. .There
is a general back stairs attitude in the
viewpoint, and the attempt to reconcile
the Dante of the "Vita Nuova" and the
Dante of the back stairs, is said to
have met with high confusion.
Views the Fighting
Before Port Arthur
GIVEN WELCOME
BY C0UNTRYMEN
"PAUL KAUVAR"
IS A DRAMA
OF INTEREST
"DANTE" SEEMS
TO IMPRESS AS
MIRACLE PLAY
THEgSAN* FRANCISGO;:GALL,^TUESDAY; .^OCTOBER 25, 1904*
3
_^j AD VEiniSEMEyTS.
.m^^^- Pocket
A very swell Knife and choice
value. I. also have a specially good
Knife for 81.OO. It pays to buy a
good one.
GOOD RAZORS aa low as 91.OO. If
you have an old Razor- 1 will allow you
liberally for lt In exchang« for a new one.
I STAR SAFETY RAZOR, reduced from
£2.00 to #1.^5. N'ow Is the time to buy
one.
Try a CONKLIX'S SELF-FILLING
FOUNTAIN PEN— the Pen that fills itself.
Xo' dirty finger* with the Conklln. Does
not sweat or drip — *:t.oo up.
Good Razor Strop?. fH>e up.
2 bars William* Shaving Soap, 15c.
Razors honed and ground. Honing, 25c.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, The Stationer,
1008 MABXET STBEET. Opu. Fifth,
SAX FRANCISCO.
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
RAELWAY^TRAVJIL; %
11 LIMITED TO CHICACOfi
i LEATES MOKDATS md THURSDAYS I
a at 0:30 a. m.; tbrou^h in 3 daya.H
¦ With .diner and all trappings. y
Other Santa Te Trains:
7:30 a. m. 1 For . gtockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
IiOOpirnJ Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
¦ and Chlcatro.
Ticket OfHces — 841 Market «t. and F«rry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbnron Terry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO f— HWAIL.
"WEEK DAYS — 1:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. o:10. B:3O\p. m. - Thursday* — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. \ -
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
v 6:C0, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAST EAPAEL TO SA2* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. »
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05° and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
• 4:05. 5:05.-6:25 p.' m. . ' ¦
Leave • I ¦ "In Effect I Arrive- \
San Fran. | Oct. ¦ 2. 1904. f San Fran. .
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. ( Uon. \ days. | Days.
"7730a 8:00a 9:10a l8:4Oa
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p . 6:05 p 6:20 9
5:10 p 5:00 p - . '- : 7:35 p
~7:3Oa \- ¦ . - 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a N'ovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10pj3:30p and 7:35 p .
- . I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~~ r ? "^ I ¦ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor. - •- ; 7 ~~
7:30a 8:00a Hpaldsburg. 10:10a 10:20a
. " " Lytton. . .
3:30 p 3:30 p . Geyservtlle, 7:33 p 6:20 p
•..;¦.- ¦': ¦ •-. Cloverdale.
7:30 at 8:00 al ' ' Hopland- - 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:80 p| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. I 7:35 pj 6:20 p
~ ~~j ; I ¦ Wtllits and j - I .
7:30a| 8:00a| Sherwood. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ~ .• |loT40a|10:20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GuernevlHe. \ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
,7:30 a) 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al S:40 a-
• 6:10 p|_5_:0O p| .Glen Ellen. |6:05p| 6:20 p
~7:30"al 8:0O~a| - "• T 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES* connect .at". Green Brae for -Saa
Quontln: at "• Santa Rosa for ' White Sulphur
Springs and M«rk West Springs; 'at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle tor Skaa-zs
Springs ; at ' Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boono-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hoplanrt for Duncan
Sprlnr", HighUnd Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnjs.V Soda Bay, 'Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot ; Springs- at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs.- Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*
Upper Lake, Pomo, ' Potter Valley. John Day- s
Riverside. Lierly's. Bucknell's. . - Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvillo.' Orr^a Hot Springs. • Halfway
House. . Comptche. , Hopkins Mendoclno. City
Tort Brag?.' Westport; and -UaaJ: at'Willits for
Hearst ? and Sawyers; 7 at * Sherwood for 1 Fort
Bragg, - Cahto. - Covelo, LaytonvUle. : Cuminlngs,
B«irs 'Springs. Harris.'- Hubbard. -Frultland.
Dyer. Garberville, . Camp: 5. , Pepperwood." Scotia
and Eureka.-'--- .,:¦ .'.... ; ; l~-r-. ¦ .-> - .
}' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced irate*'-- -t ¦¦.*•:.: • '.^s^a -smii?.
On , Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafa«l at half rates. 4
1 Ticket office. 650 1 Market street. Chroniels
buildlnr.VkVWMiMnMHjMUasm^eaHSsaM
. S J A S. L; . FR AZIER. ; ~ R. X: RYAN. .
Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
RAIIiWAY TRAVEL.
H^aJv Trains 1b»t« and are d««
to arrW* at
(SQ&s£!Sz\ 8Ay FRANCISCO.
VX' —^—^ JoJ '*©¦ OcTO»«a 23, 1J04.
\>S^n/ rnnl>im
\_J^ (loot of Market StrMC)
*•-"« - MAIN LINE. ~Am»rr»
74>Oa V»c»Tti:e. Wiatox*. Kamier- TSSm
7.00a Beolcla, Elmira and Sacramento.. 7.20*
730a Vallejs, Napa, Callstoga, SaaU
Uota. Mtrttoez. Saa Ramon 1.20*
' 30a Ntle».TracT. Latnrop. »u>ck:on.... 7^0*
• OOAShMt* EzprM*— (Via D»tID.
Wllltant. WlUow». tFrnto. Ked
- Blaff. Portland. Tieoina. Seattle 7.50*
8 00a D&tIs. Woodland, KnliUH L»adlng.
MitryiTUle. OtotIUc 7-50*
830 » Martinez. Antioch. Byron. Tncy.
8tockton, N'swman, Lot Dtnoa,
Msndota. Armona, ll^oford.
Vital!*. Porterrllle 4.M*
8 30a Port Cotta. -Modesto. Me rend.
Fresno. Ooanen .Inaction, Han-
ford. Vltalla. BakenOeld 4.80*
8 30 A Jiiies. B*a Jo*«. Llvermore. Stock-
. ' ton. (tMUton), lone. Sacrameato,
MarjtTllle. Chlco. Rod DlaS .... 4.2J*
8 33 a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamettown. So- -_^
norm Tuolnmne and Angels 4-20* .
9 00a Atlantic Kxprett— Olden and E»it. 520*
9.30a lilrhinond. Martinej and Way
Station* 650*
1O47OA The Overland Limited — Ufcden.
Omaha, Chicago, Denver. Kaaaaa
10.00A v. c ,KV.^ u !:::::::.::::::::::::: iUK
10.00a Lot Antrcle* PattenKer — Port
* • Cotta, Marttae*. By run, Trscy.
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
Baymond. Fresno, Got hen Jane-
tlon. llanford. Lemoore. VlMlla.
Batcertfleld. Lot Aa?el«« 7-20P
12.C0m Hayward. Kllea and Way Stallone. 320p
11.00P Sacramento RlTer Steamere tlt.OOP
3-3CP Benlcta. TVinter*. Baeramento).
Woodland. .Knlchtt Landing.
MarysTllie, Orovllle and way
- tutlont .*.. 1350a
5-30p Hayward.Nllet and Way Stattom.. 7.50p
3 30p Fort Coau, Martinez, ByroB.Traey,
I.athrop, Stockton, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fretno and
Way Station 9 beyond Port Cotta 12.20f»
4 OOP Uarttnes.Sanltamon.ValleJo.Napa.
CalUtoga, Saata Koaa. ... 9^0a
400PNUet. Tracr. Stockton 10.20a
4.30PU«yward. Nllcs. Irrlagton, Saa I tSSOA
Joie. Llrennore | til. Ma
EOOPTho Owl Limited— Nawman. L01
Haao*. Mrndo'v Fresno. Tultra,
Bakertfleld. LoaAngelet 8-50a ,
15Z0P Hayward. Mies and s*un Joaa 7.20*
600p Hayward. Kllea and Saa Joaa 9. SO*.
64>0PKaateTaKzprett— Omaha. Chicago. '
Denver. Kansas City. St. Louis, ,'
Martlnei. Stockton. Sacramento.
Colfax. Reno, Sparks. Montello. '
Ornlen 12,B0p
S.OOpVtUejo, dally. *xcept Sunday.... I 7 Kn _
700PVallejo,8anday only f •••"^
7J)0p Klchmond. Saa Pablo. Port Cotta, ¦
Martlnes aad.Way stations 1 1.20a
7-OQp Keno PaaaenKer — Port Cotta. B#-
ntcta, Soiann, Klinlra. Dtxon,
Davis, Sacramento, Sparks. Tone-
pah, Keeler aad Way Stations... - 7-50A
8.05p Oregon A California Exprete— f%t-
ramento, Marysvllle, Raddlac
Portland. Puge t Sound and East. I.SOa
8.1 Op Hay ward, Nile* aad San Jose (Sun- * -----
day only) 11.50a
COAST LINE <»arr-w tiaaf*).
(Foot of Market Street.> ¦
8- 15a Newark. CenterTlIle. Ssa Jom.
Feltoa. Boaider Creek, Saau
Crai tad Way Stations 5S5p
t2.15P Newark. CentervUI*. San Jom.
New Almaden. Loa Gatoa.Feltoa.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cru* aad
Principal Way Stations M0. 55 a
4-IBp Newark. San Joie. Lot Gatot...-| 1 {J^*
c9 30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
San Jote and Way 8utlont t7.2Sp'
COAST LINE <Uroad Uaavtv
- fW~ Cfhlrd and Townsend gtreett.)
8.10a San Jos* and Way Sutlona „ 8 Mp
7-00a San Jose and Way 8tatlont 5 40f»
8J}0a New Almaden (Tuet.. FrlJ.. only). 4.10P
800a Th« Coaster— San Jote, Salinas.
\ ¦ Saa Ardo, Paso Roblea, Santa
Margarita, Ban Lais Obltpa.
. Gnadalup«, Osvlota, Santa Bar-
. bara. San BuensTentnra, Mon-
talvo. Oxnard, Bnrbank, Loa
1 Angeles 10.30*>
800a Gllroy. HolUster. Caatrovllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn-
poc 1050P
9.00a San Joae. Tret rtnot.WatsonTllle,
Ctpltola, Santa Cms, Pacific
Grove. Sallnaa, San Lnlt Oblspo
and Principal Way Statlona. ... 4.10s*
10.30a San Jote and Way Statlont 1.20p
11 30a San Jote and Way Stations. ....... 7.30 p
2l5P6tnJose and Way Station 8 38a
3. OOp Del Monte Kxprett— Santa Clara.
San Jote, Wattonville, Santa
Cruz.' Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove 1243*
13-OOp Loa Gatoa. Wright. Boulder Creek.
Santa Crnz. tu Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge ".... t10 45a
' 3-JOp Valencia St.. South Saa Francisco,
Bnrllnzame, San Jo»e, Gllroy, ;
Ilol Utter. Tr«« Pino* 10-45a
4 30P?an Joxe and Way Stations t8 00a
t5-0OP Santa Clara, San Jose. Los G t tos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Snnday) t9 00a
|B-30p SanJoteandPrtnctpalWaySutlone 19 40a
6-4Sp Sunset Express.— lUdwood. Saa
Jote, G Ilroy.SaIlntt,Pato Roblea, I '
San Lnlt Obit po. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles. Demlas. El Paao.
St.Lonla. New Orleans, XewTork J 9.10a
6.45p Tsjuro. Watsonvl!!e, Caplt'ola,
. Santa Cm?. Castrovllle. Del
- Montr, Pacific «iroT»... ......... -J(JJ)jp
: 1S-15p banMateo.BeresfordJJelmont.Saa , ft.
Carloa. Redwood. Fair . Oaia.
*s • Menlo Park. Palo Alto...! ' 19.49a
6 SOpBan Jote and Way Statlont......... > 8.38a
8 OOp P»!o Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .30p South SanFrandsco, MUlbrae.Bor-
Unfame, San Mateo, BelmonC.
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t9-43t>
«1130p Mayfleld, Mountain View, Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
San Jote 1... t8.4S>
A tor Morning. , P for Afternoon. T"""
¦ 1 Snnday eicepted, 1 Bandar only
«. Saturday only. » Monday only.
. {btoD» at all statloat on Sunday^ f
¦ ToSANRAFAHU
ROSS VALLEY,
Bffll VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc-
Via Sansallto T trry
SUHCRBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
•Depart from San Francisco, dally, at tT:08.
7:43, 8:25. 9:10. 9:5O. ll:CO a. m.; 1:45. 3:13.
4:35, ; 3:13. ,5:30. 6:30. 7:13, »:W) and 11^35
*Arrlve at San Francisco, dally, at tSMO.
7:35 8:15. 8:30. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.;l:30L 2:33.
*:25. 5:05. 6:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and U:U
p. m.<*4HMMPV
tDallT except Sunday. . >
¦ For Fairfax, dally, at 7:43 a. m. : alao Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur*
day and Sunday at 5:13 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIX3.
7-45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For, Cazadero.
. 3":13 p.' m..; daily, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tonaalea. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «30 Market st.^
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market St.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Saa ?riaci«» 1' 111 tin Ar - *¦* Tranctsea
fir. P»y« Saadaji fflfiTpfflbk Sa^ZL T '*~I>»7»'
_ „. 8:85a SSgBBSi l:30p •10:30*
9:30a B:50a WS^JMT 3:35p »:33p
"ll'ij'p" i';-i5p g:**3p ""ttTaa?
gBnp^.T* «:a.t» ' ''^9Sr~ ' tafflrdays ll:13p •?
. *TU CrtTity Car . V • KtTtmalpait t»KtnTafl«y
. TICU? ( 650 Makket St..( North Shcre Railroad)
IIKCSS I aad S a us auto Fax** , Foot Market St.
y^*\. Dr. Oibbon's Dispensary,
i_ -_ <>i!9 GEAR>T »T. KatablUhed
§^^*jSk\n l"»54 lor the tre»tmt-nt of Priyale
H I V-'-»™r Di«»»»e«. Lo*t Manhood. D^hilltr or
SMSfiK B*y1i*pas< > » Paring on bodr and mind and
1^' CHI Skin Dis>-a«es. The Doctorcnrenwhen
J *i t ®l'>t»«'" '*"• ' lr y hItn - *"h«r?eii low.
*^8B gj<nry«iuaraiilef<. CallorWItte.
ODrTj. F- «IBBO.\, aau Frao^aco, Cat
POAX'S PILLS.
COMMOHJROPEHTY
Fabllc Praise Is Pule Property— San
Francisco People May Profit fiy
Local Eperieiice.
Grateful people will talk,
- Tell their experiencefor the public
good. ~-
San Francisco . citizens praise
Doan's - Kidney , Pills.
' Kidney sufferers appreciate this.
They find relief : for every kidney
ill. : ,"' '. ¦ ...' : . ; ¦ -
: Read, what this citizen says:
¦ Mrs. Margaret- Leech of .'112 Wil-
liam- street says:* \'I cannot begin to
tell: you the different kinds -of,; medi-
cine; I have" used :nor the quantity I
took during the years I have been
subject to "attacks of . backache.
I'had used many a preparation in the
past, * when" I : noticed an u advertise-
ment about Doan's i Kidney Pills in
one of our San; Francisco 'papers, so I
made-up my mind to. try the fem-
- It acted , just ¦; as represented,
stopped '-. the; backache 'and pain in
the; side,- and,': what is;qf;much more
importance to me. during the : last
six mbnths'I have not had the slight-
est indication of a return."
:: ; For 'sale by. all "dealers. Price 50c.
i Foster-Milburn:, Co.; ;>.BufTalo; ; N. Y.*,
sole agents :for the: United States.
f ; Remember •• the .name, Doan's, arid
take : no •substituted. ;
TARTAR IS A TARTAR , \
; : ; Soft.jSpongy, sensitive gums result from
tartar accumulation. It should be removed
at once* by your , dentist and ; thereafter, pre-
vented by the use of
S0Z6pC»NT
TOOTH POWDER
and ' its cornplement. SOZODONT ; Liquid.'*
/The '• Powder^ is ¦ slightly T.- abrasive, ¦/ is abso^
: lu t ely free j f ro m gn t ''and acid/ and - Is - just
', the j thing for , those I whV have an Inclinatiou
forjhe nicetles~of every-^day,life.' ;~ ;
3 FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER. PASTE.
AD VERTISEM EXTS^ .
"V r ery £tne people in this
-world*'* mused Golden
Gate.
"I receive a great wel-
come at the breakfast
table, at banquets,
receptions, and wher-
ever I do.
"Everybody says I'm
the finest coffee , ever
produced.
"Ah, it's nice to be
famous."
Notblntf tfoes w i«h GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE but satisfaction. No
prl*es — no coapont — no crockery.
1 and 2 Ib. « ro tn • -l 1 ,2 h I tins.
Never sold la bulk.
J. A. Folger Q. Co.
Elitablithed ht.rn.lfm Century
San Franciico
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S oreat^
iMUSEUi OF ANATOHY^
Q «511£ASSZ7ET.t«.eTt*7ii,r.rcil. A
0 aefev Izit M^vr* " tr > *- atat4 6
* ttXCH 6««e |»>iu%,i r wtihi tk ( .ideit T
O fMMl : >p*'» li » tMtl "C»»«i E»tj6r«" G
A |t."5*i OR. JORDAH-D!l£ASES OF KEN A
AFff 110" Wr>f for Pwk. rail.Qnornv .( A
Vfif KI.BIIIBIACK, «1U» rm, (if
A «' (i *» liubu tmok *•* • fl »' \
V PB.J^tt^X J <fc£O ;L I0HMarlc t tlSt.& F. ¥
_ADVERTISI3£Eyrs. ' _ . r_
ciiitics.
c&henp'&U g:f|; * 100s
Entirely new, better than ever.
"Money makes the Mayor go."
.30,000 advance copies sold: in all
the sales have reached 80,000 ' Cynics.
75c net; Postage, 5c.
PAUL ELDER ®> GO.
238 POST STREET SAN FRANCISCOScores Plays Given by Berkeley Men
Former Employes Sue Co-op
erative-Meat' Company on
Demand for Withheld Pay
PFGfessor Gentner J s Allegation
Vulgar Student Shows
CLAIM WAGES
ARE NOT PAID
i : ». arrived.;,;.;;
.¦'. '--'¦¦ . '¦¦ • ; "¦ 'i ¦ ' -¦ . , : " -¦ ' "/' Wednesday,", Oct; : 24^ ¦ -
8tm r ', Redondo.* Krog.i; 62 : hours from • Port-i
land via Astoria; 66 hours.-f bound south: 'put In
tojand paesengers.: ; „: ; % v* ; r v ":
. ¦;;,;>'- r ;T-V^;.-. "BAILED;,;";!..'. ''.'¦'¦¦ '¦' ,
'•''>- ¦' L' : '¦•-.. •;*,i*. ¦¦;¦-- : Jo Wednesday,*, Oct.; 24.' • a
; , etmr National City. Walyig. for Fort Bragg.'
-CHURCHES GET PERMITS.— Oakland Oot
24.— The trustees of the ¦ Plymouth
tlonal. Church were given -permission by Judw
Ogden > to-day to sell the church edifice Th.
congregation .will t combine ~ with : the • members
of Oak Xhapel. The > trustees or the
BapUst Church were given permis.ton to mort
gage the church property. at Twenty-orat street
and Telegraph avenue for J15.(KK> » lre «t
LATE '¦' SHIPPING K»H?ELLIGEXCE.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24:— The /Republi
can ¦ County "i Committee • to-day will
hold its:, flnali; meeting of the cofn
paigni Nbvember^S. .: A . rally will : be
held > to-morrow night at Washington
Hall,i'East \ Twelfths street and * Sixth
avenue/. -< Colonelcy. V." Eddy^will be
the , /principal ' speaker.? ¦':': Governor
GeorgejC^Pardee has been; invited"^ to
act ;, as • cha* rman. " ' IHiTiIili BBt™™
Republican "-. Meetings;
: • WOMAN DIES •SUDDENLY.— Oakland. Oct. 1
24.— Mrs. •;¦ Mary/ Murphy, ; 06 1 years ¦¦ old/Vdled
suddenly I this ; morning at I her % residence '; 7tr
Webster, street. - Heart < disease . la : supposed * to
have caused death. • v "
_W0ULD ' PROBATE ESTATES.— Oakland
Oct. 24.— Edward. C. ¦ Harrison waa^apDointed
special admtalstrator of the estate of • the iit«
Julia 5 T.- Mow , who died two days ago in B a !
¦"¦aria. She • leaves r- an estate :. valued ¦•- a »
$120,000. -Her horn.,- called VMbJwlSS I " Al
one or ¦- the most pretentious > homes on ;¦ Broad
way. Hugh 8. , Carpenter : filed i the -will > of^the
lat* Charles B. Slicer for probate to-davi-Ph!
estate is valued at $10,000. and U left to' M™
Harriet • S.^ Carpenter . of Alameda.'- dec^aad^
«ister. EUa M^Rupe filed the will* of heTfatJ
husband. R. ; W. •*. Rupe, . for ¦ probate ito^dav
The . estate is I valued at $8500, and Is > left to
the '. widow: and ; daughter. ' •>'-'.- ' ™r -¦ " -il"V .*?
i ALAMEDA;* Octf 24;^-r-Funeral \ serv|
ices for. Arthur, E. J.' Dodd/ the i 13-year
old 'son < of i Vincent 5 ,, who ' was
killed . Saturday by/ the Accidental dis
charge of l a shotgun t In i the ) hands \ of
his f ather, , wer« , held \ this " morning . at
St'i Joseph's I Church, : where "a: requiem
mass was celebrated: by itheRev. T.; J»
O'Connell. r J The t;- pallbearers v . were :
Harry ,-Rosseter, A. ; J."- Rosseter, T. • C.
Coughlin arid ? Edward ? Silver.'. .; Inter
ment was 'in I St. Mary's Cemetery. ;
Arthur Dodd Laid to Rest.
¦?;'; OAKLAND, :. Oct. 24.— Isabella Le
fevre,. IB years old,'. was ] arrested * to
dayjlon > complaint j of : her ¦ mother, re
siding at 616 'Madison street," who "as
serts ji that I her off spring , has . become
uncontrollable." 'I Miss Lefevre, ; accord-
Ing ato": her --parent "> has been given > to
the « unfllial :¦' practice , of 'A : using f : her
mother las : a j tareet ; ' f or -tableware.'
Also does ! Mrs. \ Lef evre' complain that
the girl -willlnot'submitito- her moth
er's : desire -that she .should spend'less
of her time, promenading the fashion
able -walks i of ;; the '-- City . Prison." " Miss
Lefevre's case : will be given '• attention
in ': the : Juvenile ) Court. *, " ; •;
Would Curb Spirited Daughter.
. Henry Maruechl, manager of - the
Hoter Adams at ; Denver and formerly
connected with several hostelriea on
both continents, arrived here yester
day and is staying, at the Occidental
Hotel. He has come to San Francis
co In connection with the management
of the St. Francis -Hotel.. He is one
of a number of prominent hotel men
the directors of the St Francis are
considering In their deliberaUons over
a successor ,to Allan Pollok, who re
cently resigned. - -'5l$m89tKS6BBR
Maruechl was" In conference with
the directors yesterday, but it was an
nounced . last evening, by /the acting
manager of the I hotel, William Dohr
mann. that no definite -action would
be taken by the management of the
St Francis f or ; some " time. The di
rectors v have received applications
from all parts of the country for -the
position oX. manager.- When - the St'
Francis was first opened • Allan ¦ Pollok
negotiated with Maruechi for ¦ his ser
vices, the/ understanding being that
the "latter was to take charge of the
dining-rooms; but the -two failed to
agree on terms. . " -
; ALAMEDAT.Oct." 24.— W. , F. Ken
nedy, who was arrested by the ; local
police for breaking '' Into ; the residence
of ;- J. C. . Henkenius X and c stealing * sev
eral . hundred -dollars', .worth . of . dia-'
monds, was .: arraigned before Justice
of the Peace F. S. Cone to-day and his
preliminary .;. hearing /was -. set r f or;I to
morrow morning. " Kennedy confessed
to .three^ other robberies here and" the
charge, of *, on '.which 5 he; was
arraigned : to-day was preferred against
him, by George H. 7 Murdock.j Kennedy,
says he intends to plead guilty. " -^
Burglar Arrais^ied.
MARXJECIII WOULD BE
. , POLLOK'S SUCCESSOR
; WOULD COLLECT FROM COXTMTT.—Oak
land. Oet. 24.— Suit was begun to-day by 1 th«
Bank of San Leandro against. County Auditor
Bacon to apmpel him to audit a demand
against the'eounty for $30*5 4S. The bfil is fir
the publishing of tha delinquent tax list for
the year 1901. It was passed by th« Board
of Supervisors, bat. there was no- .money in
tha general . fund with which to pay It and
waa assigned to. th» bank by the: Oakland
Tribune. It has since been held by tha Auditor
that the money of one year cannot bo xtMiti tot
the payment of the bills of another. *¦£¦¦-¦ - ¦¦•
Let Road Contracts.
OAKLAND, Oct 24. — The Board of
Supervisors .met to-day and let four
contracts for work on roads. Two
'were " f or ' macadamizing- ' and two for
bridge work. The firm, of E. B.- & A.
L. Stone Company got the contracts
for '.macadamizing • Jones avenue ! in
Brooklyn for $3300, and i a~ road 'In
Mount Eden district for $1295. Thom
as B. Russell will build a bridge across
the ' road * between ' Dublin > and ¦' Sunol
for $1679 60, and Hans Fugrel one on
the Ean Lorenzo road for -$1260..
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— The ; Rev. j HY
Haserodt was installed. Sunday night
as pastor of Trinity- German Lutheran
Church, of East -Oakland. 5 The ser
vices took place at the church, Sev
enteenth avenue and -East Fifteenth
Btreet, the Rev. J. H.Theiss, : pastor of
Zion Lutheran Church, ; officiating. He
was assisted by the Rev. ; J. \ H. Witte,
pastor ; of Immanuel Church . of, Ala
meda,, the Rev. B. Langre, Bethlehem
Church, - Berkeley; - E. P. , Block, 3 the
Rev. M. Liebe, Zion Church ; the j Rev.
J. . H. Schr oeder, . S t John'jl \ Church,
and? the Rev. G.- Bernthal/ St^ Paul's
Church, all 2 of San , Francisco. -Jv. * ; : '. : \ \ <
Install New " Pastor.
; .GUI1.TT OF VWIFE . BEATING.--Oakland
Oct. ; 24.— Percy/ Rivers, a waiter, . pleaded
guilty In the Police Court to -wife
beating. Police Judge ... Mortimer '. BmltlT will
pate sentence " to-morrow, r » Rivers,*: according
to th« testimony, J kicked > Mrs." Rivers Into ¦ un
coBsdou*ne«« /-. :• > _-: .; rv- 1 . „'. -
BERKELEY, Oct 24.—Announce
ment of a quiet marriage '¦ was made
to-day by. Sidney, H. Mott of 1421 Tel
egraph, avenue, i who was married to
Miss Charlotte^Sheridan. daughter of
Mr. and Mrs.; Philip Sheridan of 1510
Harmon avenue at Ban RafaeL last
Saturday.- .The g/rl Is but 18- years
old and . her . mother opposed the
match, though- she' has since- relented
and given her bleslsng to v the • younjr
pair.: '. : ;.': . -./ : --.;; .- , »,_-. . ., ~
Marry In Secret.'
Frank McLaughlln, a youth 16
years of age. was sent to the Preston
Reform School. to-day by Judge Hall
on a charge of burglary. v
George Lof tus was sentenced to one
year at Folsom this morning, by Judze
Hall for entering the homes of- Mrs
L. Madsen and Mrs. : C. : Bellrose and
stealing food. . He elaimed - he was
hungry and was looking , for work.
Finding no one: at -home' at either
place he entered and 1 helped himself.
Sargent was taking a special course
at the State institution at Berkeley to
flf himself for a position In the bio
logical department in the United
States Government In order to do
this he was doing: carpenter work
and while remodeling a house, he stole
Beveral articles, and the crime -was
traced to him. -
Judge _ • Hall - suspended sentence
against him. . . „
OAKLAND, Oct 24.— Moved to
tears by the disgrace he had brought
upon himself and his mother, Barl A.
Sarg-ent, a university student, pleaded
guilty to a charge of burglary and was
given the benefit of the probation act
For the next three years he will be a
ward of the court It was shown that
Sargent was sober and industrious
and had overworked himself until his
mind had become affected.
University Student Pleads Guilty of
. Burglary and Is Given Idberty.
SAVES YOUTH FROM PRISON.
"The Wars of the Consulate," the
second In' the series of lectures on
the Napoleonic period : by Professor
H. Morse Stephens of the University
of California, was given last night In
the art gallery of Mechanics' Pavilion.
The hall was well filled and Profes
sor Stephens' discourse was thorough
ly enjoyed. • -» ¦
The speaker prefaced his remarks
on the "Wars of the Consulate" by an
original pen picture- of Napoleon. He
distinguished the real difference 'be
tween "the thin, meager, spare Napo
leon" of the Consulate period and the
corpulent Napoleon of the . later pe
riod, , which is the popular conception
of the great war hero. .
;:He also Impressed the fact that the
general conception of Napoleon's re
turn from Egypt was that the com
ing of .the little corporal saved
France. This view Professor Stephens
contradicted by showing that the vic
torious Russian army had been ef
fectually destroyed in the Alos
through the efforts of General Mas
sena-and that the political situation
was further pacified by the slgnintr of
the memorable "convention • of Alt
mann—the crowning victory.'of Brune.
Noted Educator Entertains Largo 'Au
dience in Second of Series of Uni
versity Extension Lectures.
, TACOMA, Oct. 24.— Two marine acci
dents marked the closing of navigation
on ; the Tukon> River. The Northern
Commercial Company's steamer Rock
Island, commanded by Captain L««
balister, struck a" rock eight miles
north of Easle the first week in Octo
ber and sunk. She had to Jettison
seventy tons of oats, worth $90 per
ton. An effort was made to save^ the
steamer, but with what success Is not
known. ..Some- o£<.- her cargo , floated
ashore at Eagle.
En route fronvDawson to Fairbanks
the steamer Tyrrell went hard- aground
about the same time, losing part of her
cargo and a heavily laden . barge she
was towing. She grounded between
Circle and Eagle and. seemed- in
a dangerous -position when sighted by
the steamer Sarah on the tatter's last
voyage up stream before tying up> f or
the winter. The Sarah did not stop* as
Ice was already forming. •
OAKLAND, Oct. 24- — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Winsor D. San
ford, SO, and Mrs. Sidney Hosford, 20,
both of Oakland; Thomas Olsen, over
21, San Francisco, and Elizabeth SJo
berg, over 18, Oakland; Joseph Gal
leano, 44, and Florence Ceivo, 81, both
of San Francisco; Walther Rohrte,
ever 21. and Elizabeth Bitter, over 18,
both of Oakland; Albert W.Schultz, 23,
San Francisco, and Mamie Asmussen.
20, Haywards; Alma J. Heger, 26,
Mount Bullion, and Wlnnlfred Beal,
2 8, Berkeley; William King, 26, and
Mabel L. Bellars, 21, both of Oakland;
Harry D. Cahlll 27. Oakland, and
Erma Mcderios, 19, Port Costa,
Marriage licenses.
TWO SIARIXE DISASTERS *
OX THE YTJKOX RIVER
PROFESSOR STEPHENS -
: x-K-' • SPEAKS OF NAPOIiEON
- The university printing office has bought a lin
otype- machine. The heed was a pressing one.
Twenty, university publications are now obliged
to be put aside while the office completes the
task of printing the regents' manual.'
; The mid-year examinations are to commence
on < Monday. December 12. ' Instead of on the
following Thursday, as announced. , The change
la made to enable students to reach their homes
In time for the Christmas holidays. ; V V.
Professor Josiah Royce of Harvard has been
chouen by the academic council to represent the
University of California at the Inauguration of
President Huntlngton of Boston University. I -
; Sousa is on ¦ record s aa being delighted with
the acoustics • of ; the Greek theater, in • which
his band played last Friday* Hti manager as
cended to the top tier while Estelle Liebling was
singing . during •• the ¦ performance . and reported
the acoustics were perfect.: Sousa accepted this
testimony s aa conclusive and gave it • out as
coming- officially from him. ¦ , ¦ %
Neill Buker, '06, won the tennis championship
of - the | university, last < Saturday. . when he de
feated ': Claude A* Wayne, '07, three out of five
sets in the lnterclass finals. ¦•%.-¦ -r • ¦;. '¦;
'": The : - competition for : Junior, day poster and
curtain raiser closed to-day at 12 o'clock.
BERKELEY. Oct. 24.— Order out of confa
«lon In the. ml nates of the .regents' meetings
has been brought by a committee consisting o£
President Wheeler and Regents Britten and
Black. Tha committee has prepared a regents'
manual which will embody the most Important
actions of the regents. It Is to be Issued within
a month. So confused were the minutes that
the Fame resolutions were found to hare been
passed three different times. The resolutions
defining the functions of the different commit
tees ' and' pertaining to the government of the
university have been sifted out or the minutes
and all - placed In the manual. To these have
been added the statutes and parts of the Stats
constitution pertaining to the university.
| The university library has been enriched by
a gift of about 300 volumes from the library of
tho - late Dr. Martin Kellogg. More than half
of them : Sra new to the library. About 100
volumes -will be placed In the Latin depart
ment. ;---¦¦'. ¦
' Clinton R. Morse, '96, leader of the Berkeley
Quartet, Is to resume his career In grand opera,
which was Interrupted when his voice broke
down several years ago. - • ¦
. Parts In the two German plays to be given In
November by the Sprechverband have been as
signed." "Der Neuer Haus-Arxt" . will be pre
sented by Max Gruenwald, Miss Anna, ' Leagen
•08; Miso L. Schaerer 'Oft, F. Sauger 'pe, Miss
Amelia Schmlerer ' '05. and "¦ "Gott sel Dank,
der Tlsch Is Gedeckt," by Miss Mary Donnel
mayer "OS, A. Wright '06." Mlsa Agnes Peler
son - '05,*. Harry : Irwin '06, 'Miss Anna Lemoa
'05. and -Dr. Newkirk. .
The Greek theater, which ; cost $12,000, has
proven to be an excellent Investment. The.In
come during the' past year was $1600. Th« net
earnings of the Greek theater swell the musical
-and - dramatic .' fund 'of the .university. . The
Sunday I entertainments are I not given as con
certs, and .there Is no admission fee charge on
those' occasions. •-'.-¦¦ '' . .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Oct. 24 — The record
keepers of the Knights of the Macca
bees of Central California held their
annual convention to-day at Maccabee
Hall on Eleventh and Clay .streets.
The reports of the last year showed
the order to be in a flourishing condi
tion. The convention was called to
order by State Commander S. W. Hall,
and after the annual reports had been
submitted ' the remainder of the ses
sion was devoted to a discussion of
ways and means of advancing the in
terests of the order. This evening a
banquet was given by Oakland Tent
No. 17 in honor of the visiting dele
gates. V \- > '.:
Maccabees Hold Convention.
Hutchinson disappeared . from the
Hotel Sequoia a week ago Saturday.
The ifollowing day he visited a stable
man'in Ross- Valley, to whom. he paid
a small bill Incurred a", few weeks be
fore. : That, was the last seen of him
until his body was found yesterday.
Mrs, I. J. Truman, wife of the well
known, attorney and . sister of Hutch
inson, several days ago appealed to the
authorities of Marin . County to make
a search for tf er missing relative. .They
did so.withou't result. Yesterday morn
ing *' the r Chief of Police of San Rafael
received an anonymous letter saying
that a body^ of a man was lying, in
the , dam , in Williams Gulch. ; Con
stables Agnews and Hughes immedi
ately, proceeded to the point designat
ed^and found Hutchlnson's remins. It
Is believed that the body was discovered
by a party of picnickers, who refrained
from signing the note addressed to the
Chief of Police of San Rafael for the
purpose of avoiding notoriety.
Hutchinson recently lost : his wife
and had since been grieving over, her
death. For several days before he dis
appeared he had failed to partake of
food.. It is thought . that .after wan
dering about Marln County for several
days without food he became exhaust
ed and finally fell unconscious/ into
the dam. , Hutchinson formerly was
proprietor of the . Mountain | View Ho
tel ', in Ross Valley, and Is well-known
on both sides ; of .the^bay.
The mystery surrounding the ' disap
pearance ten days ago of W. J.'Hutch
inson, clerk of the Hotel Sequoia, was
cleared; up yesterday when* his body
was found floating in a dam in Bit;
Williams - Gulch, two \ miles from Ross
Valley.. Although Hutchinson had been
despondent for some time it Is not be
lieved' by J his relktly es that his 'death
was a suicide.- They are Inclined* to.be
lieve '; that after ivfandering ;'aboiit "the
country for several days he became ex
hausted and fell into the dam. A strong
point' against the suicide theory is ' the
fact that; the dam contains very, little
water, I' and' certainly not enough to
drown a man who was able to assist
himself.. \V_4-.' ... ..". .
The board refused to call a special
election for freeholders to frame .a
new city charter.
Three of the five City Trustees were
present — President Forderer, W. M.
Beyers and C. J. Hammond. After
bearing Charles S. Neal, George H.
Mastlck and Sam S. Green argue for
a new charter and Herman Toelken
and M. A. Clark speak against it
President Forderer announced that no
provision had been made for the ex
pense of a freeholders' and a charter
election and that the treasury of the
'city would not permit such an outlay
to be incurred.
"We have no money to spare for any
such project," said President Forderer,
"and I believe it would not be advis
able for us to increase the deficit . we
are at present carrying. While I am
In favor of a new charter, I do not
think that the time Is yet ripe for us
to draw up and adopt one."
ALAMEDA, Oct, 24.— Dr. H- M. Pond
resigned to-night as a member of the
Board of City Trustees. In his letter
of resignation he said he retired be
cause, he believed the city's affairs as
well as his own interests would be bet
ter conserved if his place were taken
-by one whose business gave him more
time to d^evote to municipal business.
Dr. Pond said he retired with heartfelt
•"VUnss of good will toward all his for
/er associates. He specially mentioned
mistee W.- M. Bowers, with whom he
jiad served on committees. The resig
nation was accepted.
Howard said the company should re
ceive a fair profit on the cost of distri
bution, which he estimated at one dollar
a mile. He proposed an amendment to
a franchise for a line out Broadway,
from Piedmont avenue to the Country
Club's -grounds to compel the company
to agree to do this work, but the
amendment was defeated, a majority of
the Council desiring that It be taken
up when a more important franchise
Ehould come before them. Howard
said he expected to have a conference
with the railroad officials this week
touching further details of the plan,
which he declared had been adopted in
many Eastern cities. The Councilman
said the cost of fresh water used last
year in street sprinkling was $33,000.
The Bay Cities Water Company to
day submitted to the special committee
on municipal water supply a 1 detailed
statement In connection with its offer
to furnish the city with a supply of 20 -
000,000 gallons of water a day at a cost
of $3,750,000. The company added to
this a suggestion that It might include
the construction of a distributing sys
tem for $1,600,000 additional, based on
City Engineer F. C. Turner's estimate,
making a total of $5,250,000 for a com
plete system. « The City Council wtll
meet the company's officials Wednes
day afternoon to discuss the proposal.
Councilman John L. Howard to
night gave the City. Council an outline
of a street sprinkling project he will
soon present in detail. He wants to
use the Oakland Traction Consolidat
ed Street Railway system In connec
tion with the salt water plant the city
is preparing to install. . ,
Howard's plan calls for large" 'tank'
cars to be" supplied with hood sprink
lers that will throw the salt water on
each side of the. street, leaving the
space covered by the tracks to be
sprinkled -with oil or fresh water, as
the company might select. Supply hy-'
drants are first to be established at in
tervals along the line of a large main
from Lake Merritt, along Twentieth
street to Market. Other sections of the
city will be included as soon as money
Is available.
Oakland Office San Francisoo Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 24.
W. J. Hutcliinson's Remains
Are Discovered Lying-in
a Dam Near. Ross Valley
Doctor Says He Has Not
Time to Devote to Work
' of the Alameda Board
Plan to Sprinkle Streets of
City of Oakland With the
Fluid Is Fully Explained
With a beautiful home in which to
entertain and possessing all the tact
ful and gracious qualities of -a true
hostess, it is not surprising' that; Miss
Gertrude Allen's affairs, whether if or
mal or otherwise, are invariably, de
scribed by her guests as "perfectly de
lightful." Such was the little: lunch
eon given last Tuesday In .honor of
the then bride-to-be. Miss lone -Fore,
who is now rejoicing in the dignity, of
.a four-day old matron. Pink : roses,
pink shades over, the lights' and tulle
of;, the same roseate* > hue ' made the
luncheon table, a /charming rendez
vous for the girl guests, nine in- num
; ber. They were Miss IonePore,. Miss
Pauline Fore, Miss Florence Hush,
Miss Carol Day of San Franclscp, Misa
Natalie Fore, V Miss ' EttieK/ Valentine,
Miss Chrlssle Taf t, Miss Edith Gaskill
and Miss Carolyn Qulnlan i of San
Francisco. ' : i> .
Henry Hennifig .of the firm of. Hen^
hlng. Bros, has returned .from" a 'six
months' visit 'In)Burope' ; and the" East
Mr. Hennlng was accompanied by his
family and after visiting his • parents
In Germany, they : made f a" -' tour-'of
other interesting points in Europe arid
America, returning by - way f of . St '
Louis. "•'¦*'/ ¦' .¦.¦'^'¦¦¦' : ¦"."•;¦*'
Miss Elizabeth Scupham was hostess
yesterday at a ..< charming "V luncheon.'
Covers were laid . for eighteen and the
table was dintily ¦ adorned {with • pale
cosmos.- '-¦ '¦-£¦¦¦
Miss Eleanor Sorenson, who has been
visiting in Oakland for some. time,' re
turned to her home In the East last
week. During her stay here. she made
many friends and was the compli
mented guest at a farewell • dinner a
few days * previous to ' her \ departure.
The dinner took place at the Piedmont
Clubhouse and^ was a jolly "bachelor
girl" .affair, among: the 'diners being
Miss 'Maud Pratt, Miss Ethel Pratt,
Miss Amelia Laguna, Miss Jennie
Smith,. Miss Jessie Webster,. Miss .Mar
garet Morin, Miss Grace Orcutt, Miss
Germa Moore, Miss Lou Neal and-Miss
Sorenson. ; ¦•¦* , ¦ .
The choir of the First Congregational
Church, which includes about sixty
singers, will be the guests of Mr. and
Mrs. Alexander T. Stewart to-morrow
evening at their , home, on Twenty
second street. Mr. Stewart Is the choir
leader, and Rev. Charles R. Brown,"
who has just returned from his summer
vacation, will be an honored- guest at
the reception. , ,
Mrs. J. J. AUen and Itfrs. E. E5.
Crandall are 'planning a card afternoon
for Miss Jessie Barstow, one of the
newest engaged girls. .Next Friday
afternoon is the time chosen, and over
fifty guests will play five hundred.
i 'Illss Pearl KJr^^whgn^we have, all
missed during her iohg 'absence in Ari
zona, is once . more .in the midst [ of
things social. She will - have charge
of the Ebell programme to-mprrow
and has arranged a promising enter
tainment. Miss King is a clever read
er and will give one of the programme
numbers.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24. — Such a busy
week as the last one has been and such
a busy week as this will bel There will
be a notable wedding of course— it's
a dull week when society has not at
least one bride upon whom Interest is
centered, and this week Miss Hazel
Cope will be the object- of social solid-"
tude. David Hartley will claim her as
his ' bride to-morrow evening arid the
wedding will, without doubt, be one of
the season's most charming affairs.
The Copes ; have a beautiful home on'
Jayne avenue and . Miss /Georgie Cope
is noted for. her artistic originality, so
the marriage appointments are sure to
be unusually pretty. . / .
MISSING MAN'S
BODY IS FODND
WILL WED TO-DAY
POND RESIGNS
FROM TRUSTEES
Features of student life at the uni
versity are to -be part of the exhibit
prepared for the instruction and enter
tainment of those who attend the
FannersMnstltute ln^the Greek Thea
ter to-morrow. Picturesque bit* of the
things that relieve the more serious
side of university existence have been
chosen for presentation, as likely to be
of especial Interest to .visitors. None of
the I features in question has hitherto
been announced in the programmes
prepared for publio distribution.
The institute sessions are to begin to-,
morrow afternoon. At that time there
will be football practice shown, and
bleacher rallies in miniature. The
"rooters" by hundreds are to be there.
Yell Leader Bulkeley has issued . the
following call to the students: "These
are the people who are paying for our
education and ,we want to give them
the best. we have. I hope every man
will show' up." »
-The glee club and the university
band will give concerts. The univer
sity cadets are to give a battalion drill
on Wednesday morning. ¦ r
| -'An original prologue,. written by Pro
fessor Flagg, entitled; "The Athenian's
Vision,"; Is to be read to-morrow after-,
noon by F_ T, ; Blanchard .'04, . in Greek
costume. Then will come the Greek
sacrificial - procession, -. addresses by
President Wheeler, Governor Pardee
and others, and all the fine programme
prepared by the agricultural depart
ment of the university, . under Professor
Wickson's direction.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 24.
Consternation spread In th* ranks of
Berkeley's football enthusiasts to-day
when It " becamA known that Ben
Stroud, the center and captain of the
blue and gold eleven, had been retired
to the > hospital with a severe abscess
tn the right ear and that an operation
was deemed Imperative. Though Coach
Hopper is non-committal on the subject
the fear Is expressed. by members of
the football team that Stroud's disabil
ity may become so serious as to keep
him, out of th© big gameA :
The big center's disability comes as
the culmination of several * weeks*
trouble. A severe cold in the head,
contracted early in the . season, re
cently . developed Into an j abscess In
the ear. Though Stroud's malady was
thought serious by the coaches no ces
sation from, practice was allowed him
and it was trusted that the. dally
ministrations of a physician would re
duce the affection. Since this has
proved unavailing the blue and gold
hopes have taken a decided slump.
The loss of Captain Stroud "would
have a disastrous effect on Berkeley's
eleven.:. One of the .heaviest "men on
the team and a sure pin upon which
th.e whole" rush line hangs, Stroud Isa
player • who could "• not be well spared
from the team. His moral strength as
captain of . the eleven Is equally val
uable to the players* spirit. -'
Btrkeley Office San Francisco Call,
\ 2143 Center street, Oct. 24.
SALT WATER
TO LAY DUST
Agriculturists Attending the
Institute Will See Sam
ples of University Life
Husky Berkeley Captain Is
Suffering From a Sever^
Abscess in His Eight Ear
COLLEGE STUNTS
FOR THE FARMER
BEN STROUD
IN HOSPITAL
Kramm died fifteen years. ago. Some
time afterward Mrs. Kramm became
Mrs. Anthony Simons, but .she pro
cured a divorce from Simons and was
free to listen to the old bookkeeper's
protestations of love. Mrs. Peterson
has one son, Joseph Kramm, who has
continued to handle the Anchor
brewery's affairs. Another son,
Charles H. Kramm, died while he was
serving as a City Coucilman.
Mrs. Augusta Kra'mm; widow of
Charles Kramra, a pioneer brewer' of
Oakland and one of < the best known
members ! of the German colony of
Oakland, has surprised her friends by
becoming the bride of Fred Peterson,
a saloon man at Seventh and Frank
lin streets. The wedding occurred
Thursday last at Martinez. Mr. and
Mrs. Peterson have taken up residence
at the old Kramm home, 814 Tele
graph avenue.
Peterson years ago was bookkeeper
at the old Anchor brewery, which his
wife's first husband conducted for
many years. He engaged in the res
taurant business more than thirty
years ago, having been one of the first
men to embark in that business in
Oakland. Peterson stepped out of
the brewery after it was sold to an
English syndicate. It .was during his
employment there that he became ac
quainted with Mrs. Kramm, whom**he
has won as his bride.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. v 2 4.
OAKLAND, Oct. 24.— Within a block
Of the Southern Pacific Company's sta
tion at First street and Broadway,
with brilliantly lighted electric cars
passing every few minutes, a masked
robber held up Arena & Brigonl's
eaioon, 661 Broadway, at 8:30 o'clock,
stood off the two proprietors with a
pistol and leisurely rifled the cash
register of (25. The cool Intruder drag
ged Arena to the front door with him
and leaving the startled saloon man
with a •warning not to move, ran
swiftly down Broadway Into Second
street and along Second to Washing
ton, disappearing in the darkness
among the lumber piles at the Puget
Bound Lumber Company's yard on
First street.
As soon as the thief left the saloon
Arena ran back to the till, got a pistol
and sent a bullet after the fleeing rob
ber. The police think the masked man
took the 9 o'clock train at First street
for San Francisco. They did not re
ceive a report of the robbery until some
time afterward.
Arena and his partner were alone
In the saloon when the robber entered
by the front door. Brigoni was sitting
tn a chair and Arena, leaning over a
barrel, was talking to him. The visitor,
with his revolver pointed at the pair,
commanded them, "Throw up your
hands." " The saloon men thought it
was a joke and didn't respond until
the second order came, with an em
phasis that Induced quick action. •
Closely covering the men with his
weapon the robber walked to the coin
receptacle and opened the drawer. With
one hand he took the money out. and
after he had emptied the register,
walked over to Arena and grabbed him
by the coat. The thief backed away
toward the entrance, all the while
watching Brigonl and directing both
of the men to keep quiet. He peered
out of the door for an instant, then
let go of Arena and made a run down
Broadway. •
While the occurrence was in full
swing an electric car stood on the,
Broadway tracks, barely fifty feet dis
tant. The first notice the saloon-,
keepers gave was when Arena fired his^
pistol and set up a yelling. A flagman'
at the Southern Pacific crossing at First
street heard the cries and the shot,
but paid no attention to them, think
ing it was a Baloon brawl. The robber
was seen as he ran through Second
street and Washington, but his trail
¦was lost in the lumber yards by the
time the police were called. Arena de
scribed the man as heavy set, medium
height, wearing dark clothes and a
black slouch hat. The mask of black
cloth covered his face to his eyes.
Alameda County.,
MOXDAT. OCTOBEIV2*
Harlow P. Bancroft to Harry John Schuelor
and Sherrard O. Harris, lota » #n d 16. block k
map Santa F« Tract 2, Oakland* - deed a* i
a*re*ment; $10. a
Edward P. mint to H»ary J. fcuiow lot on
E lln* Of Wtit street. 80 S or TWrt^fif., a
40 by B 100. portion lot 1». block 2oL oli
land; 110. • u "'
Nicola Orocao&a Ufrnle) to Aastla Jim.
lot on 2fW corner or Forty-nlnta , (Blro,» .»J
Mapl* «tre«t«. W 00 by N 100. being S 1<& ?££
of lot $fi. T«me«cal Park. OaUand; $1^,
Charlaa M. and Lena O. MacQrecor to ' t
Snydar. lot on NE corner of Grova and Vsi-1
tlsth itrteta, E ICO by N 40, lot 27. block i'm
map A.. J. Snyder** resubdivlslon of portlOHnf
bloc* 2083. Rowland Tract, Oaklaad; |i<x l
John and Catharine Utschlff to MIm C fcr*.
<J«nbur* and Christine Vennart. lot 5, biocx r>
map J. EL McTClrath Tract, portion plat «o, V"
and t>. Peralta Rancno, Oakland;' lift.
Keanexl«7 Bryan to Ceoelia Ruddock Brrma.
twite), lot 88. block 7. bim& X UaOx VUu
Terraca, Oakland: rift.
Charlts H. and Matt!* V. Crai* to C, o
RMhatr, lot on W Una of Mon* ttreet. U0 3
of Russell. 8 100 by W ISO. lot 13 ,and portion
lota 12 and 14, block C. map Clarataont Tract.
Berkeley; 110. ,
Ann* M. and Henry A. Eoyt to M. C, Otb
ton, lot on E Une of Bryant street, *M N frcrn
N line of Esust Fourteenth »trtet. or county
road 1323. N BOty 2} 143, lots 49 aal SO, block
, A. resubdlvjaion map Froltral* Traat, Exook:-. a
Township; $10. !
Cecilia. M. F. and Joseph R. Nlxm t# Otl-
Ter C and Ella F. Coffin (wife), rtrecord is.}
D. 133, lot on S Una of Sherman arenne, 8so
B of Telerrapa avenue, 8 113.28, 1 82. K to
S lln* of Sherman avenue, W 83 totbegtnnlnc.
belnx W S3 feet of lot 19. maa kobdlvSaloa
Mosawood Tract, Oakland: $10.
J. C and Susy Wins (wife) to 6«orrla A.
Gatches (wife of Willaxd) lot on : 3 Una of
Grant avenue (or Thlrty-»«v»ntn »tr«9t>, 127 T3
"W oS^ Gold ttreet. W 83.88 by 3 lli be!a^ W
T.91 of lot 60H. all of lot 60 and 3 0.91 of
lot 59)i, amended mai> subdivision l^Iosswood
Tract. Oakland: $10. L
John A. Emmerich t» Joaephlna Caimcrtoh
(wtf ej, lota 5 to 7. block C. map LJacola
Park. Oakland: rift. .
A. J, and Sophia It. Snydar (wife) to
Charlee M. McGregor, lot on N lln» of Thir
tieth street. 420 E of Grove. B 83:4 ty N 149
portion lot 37. block 2033. map A. J. SnyiJer"!
resubdlvlston of portion of block 2083, Rowland
Tract. Oakland: *10.
"William M. Butten Jr. (single) to- John R.
TCHUams, lot on N line- of Santa Fe avenas.
170 W of San Pablo avenue, W JO by V
106.62.- lot 7, map ¦William- M. Butters Tract,
Oakland: flO. X
Mary A. Xesbltt (widow) to Josephine T.
Nesbitt (daughter), lot on NB corner of
Eleventh avenue and East Seventeenth street.
N lOOby E 150. block 83, Clinton. East Oak
land; gift.
James H. Alcridie to B. K. Mart Ian a. tot
on SE line of Nineteenth avenue, 35 SW of
East Sixteenth street. SW 35 by SE 100 belsg
portion of lots 21 to 24. block 20. San AntcaJo
East Oakland; «Tft- -
H. O. and Bertha C. JJordwlck (wlf») to C.
H. Schlveley. lot on >r line of Cartton street.
300 E of Mi! via. E 50 by JT 120.65 tot *0,
block 11. reap No. 4. Shattuck Tract. Berkeley;
$10.
Rosa M. 8. Shattuck (widow) and John W.
Havens (single) to San Francisco and Suharbaa
Horn* Building Society, lot on S line of Parker
street. 130 E of Mllvia. E 40 by 9 \2O.fZ, belns
portion of lots 3 and 4, block 11, map Xcx 4.
Shattuck Tract. Berkeley; $10.
' Charles ' and Laura EL Browning to Adolph
Klose. lot on E line of Calais street. 45 S of
Harmon, E 100. by- N 43, portion lots 10 and
11. block A. subdivision SW portion of plat 33.
etc.. Berkeley; $10. . ¦
"Levl J. and M. E. Kendrlck (wife) tr\ waie.
lot on E line of Shattuck. avenue, 1<W,» 3 of
Ashby avenue. E 1O3.». S 38:3, W. 100. JJ'28:3.
portion lot 22. block C, map E portion 2Iew
bury Tract. Berkeley; $10. - 0
Mette K. "Warnleke (widow) to Walter SiT^n
sen, lot on W line of Newbury street. S40 M
of Ashby avenue, N 80. "W 96 S 40 W 9. S
40, E 105 to beginning lota 14 and 15 block
A. Adeline Tract. Berkeley: $10.
John H. Htmberg (widower) to Marie Hen
rlckson (widow), lot on W lln» of N'lnth strwt.
279.63 S 06 Channlne way, p 30 by W 130.
lots 12 and 13. block 136. corrected map of
Avery Tract, first party reserves life estaJ*.
Berkeley; rift.
Stena Olson (single) to Annie C? Swenson
(married), lot 8, corrected map of Electrto
Heights Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Eleanor 8. Deertn* (widow) and Chester
Deertnr (by Frank H. Brooks, their attorney)
to Joseph August, lot 68, map of Frultvale
and San Leondro Road Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Mattie S. McCormlck (widow) to Max . 9.
Cohn, lot on N line of Garfleld street. 230 ?
of High. E 80 by N 113, tot fl, block A, map ef
Liberty and Garfield Tract. Alameda; $10.
German Colony Given Sur
prise by ,the^^An|Lolg<^
ment of the Nuptials
Two Proprietors Are Boldly Intimidated While
Thief Pockets $25 and Gets Away.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MARRIES AT MARTINEZ
Holds Up Saloon Near the Southern
Pacific Station.
Eelict of Pioneer Brewer
Weds Man Wlio*Kept Books
: for Her Dead . Husband
MASKED ROBBER GETS COIN
WIDOW KRAMM
AGAIN A WIFE
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1904.
tainment in question , and Professor
Centner's remarks were in reply^to
that publication. .-«?«.
"I consider It my duty," he said, to
do more than teach my students what
is In the text books. I give them ad
vice and I comment upon these matters
because I think it my duty v to do so.
I say frankly that I think there is
something wrong, something 'rotten In
Denmark/ when the university is- made
to seem sponsor for shows -which are
so questionable. •* • ¦ '
"Just what shows do I mean? I
mean boat club shows, football shows.
Skull and E*ys shows and student
shows in general. I advise girl stu
dents to show the proper college spirit
by remaining * away from entertain
ments where there Is a chanc© that
they will hear, that which would make
them blush, and perhaps Induce them
to get up and leave, as I say girl stu
dents have done, and after, doing it
have reported the circumstance to me."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
; 1016 Broadway, Oct. 24. '
' Charles Zeigler,. B. Lafferty, James
Stewart and Conrad Schansel, former
employes of the - California Co-oper
ative Meat Company, organized. -by
locked-out butchers, brought suit to
day In Judge George Samuels', court to
recover 1284 60, . wages alleged to. be
due them from the company. The spe
cific amounts set forth in the complaint
follow: '¦ r-s '¦¦- -
Zelgler," 188; Lafferty, $99; Stewart,
$37 50; Schansel, $60. " '
The men make a claim that the
amounts T due theni represent the dif
ference between $7 for which they had
worked and $18 a w,eek,' which they
allege had been promised to them.
They assert that the company has not
kept its promise in this connection.
John L. Davle, manager of ' the cor
poration, denied that his company owed
a dollar to the former meat cutters.
In explanation he said:
, "These men were Induced to leave us
by an offer of better pay from em
ploying butchers who had locked them
out when a strike had been threatened.
We have paid them full wages and be
sides gave, them all of the meat they
required for their own use. This "Suit
is intended simply to harass the com
pany." ' . . '
Declares Move Is Intended
;to;^;;Harass Lobked jOift
Butchers' Business Plans
In his classroom Professor Centner
praised those girl students who re
mained away from the boating club
show recently given at Idora Park in
Oakland or who left when so-called
"features" were introduced. A student
publication .¦¦ censured the women stu
dents for falling to attend the enter-
Professor Centner is of the German
department.- His prominence in the
university and the sensational charges
he . makes - against the alleged • vulgar
character of some of the shows at the
university have created more excite
ment in the college • town than is in
evidence -even on the. night when the
blue and gold has downed the cardinal.
OAKLAND. Oct. 24.— "Co-eds" a^e
advised by Prof essor M. A. Centner to
shun college, shows given under "the
auspices of students of tha university.
In .which he declares risque lines,, ques
tionable Jokes ¦ ana "off-color" witti
cisms are recited , from the ¦ stage.
31ANAGER DAVIE TALKS
4
AD\'ERTISE5EEINTS.
AVOID.
THE CAUSE
niAriAf
iilxruXp
UlvLnvL
- Nine-tenths of all our disease*.
, bare their beginning with
CONSTIPATION^
; It- Is a datf.ve owe to our.
body to sccore a free mere-
- ment of the bowel* once every,
"day. The one reliable remedy; ,-
- for constipation is ¦
HUNYAD1 JANOS
} THE KATURAL LAXIT IYEWATER:
I Half a glass on arising gives.
prompt and pleasant relief.
BKAtfCH OFFICES
OF THE 'CALL IN
ALAMEBA COUNTY
1016 Broadway. '
Telephone Malr. • ton:.
2143 Center Stre e^
Telephone North 1 , 77.
-MS5 Park Street. **
Telephone Alametla 159.
It's a Mothers Duty
TO see that -.the children's teeth receive
8
DENTIST'S -••
Attention at an early aje. ' It will pre-
vent premature decay. Irregular growth,
loosenmg. etc - .
°H r i me ,£&£? are thorough and , suc-
cessful. ..Fillfnsr. extracting, etc Is dona
in a highly- aWUful manner • °
PdsKGraduate Dental Golla^e
3 TATLOS 5T, SAW TSA2T CISCO.
-¦—— Z 973 WaslitQarton. . St.. Oakland.
tta ; J0M.. - - - Jtocnuatnto,Fall bats. 1904, Just arrived, nobbier
thin ever. Tom Dillon A Co.,~opp.Palace.*
LECTURE ON APPENDICITIS.— AJameda.
Octr 24. — "Appendicitis" U the subject of a
lecture ;to tw delivered by Dr. William • Fitch
Cheney before the -Unitarian Club Wednesday
evening. . Alfred C.'Read will render two bary
ton» solo* and Warner H. Sherwood will play
Treasury Official Corrects His State
ments on Nation's Finances.
WASHINGTON, Oct.. 24.— H. A. \ Tay
lor. Acting, Secretary, of the Treasury,
The' club has indorsed Colonel W..T.
Perkins of Nome, 'fdr Governor of
Alaska, and will use , its , utmost en
deavors to secure : his - appointment \ by
President Roosevelt. .: '
TACOMA, Oct. 24.— The Nome Repub
lican Club, with a membership of more
than 300, has appointed D. \. '¦ S.
Ryan, John W. Carson and C. E. Hax
sle Jo t represent Nome at, Washington
during the session o^ Congress this
winter.
Delegates From Xome Named.
• In discussing Roosevelt's policy in the
isthmian • canal ; matter. Needham ;, said :
"Roosevelt ; has « never- feared ; to s face an
issue % presented -\ to him, , for - he . is ; no
shirker, and above i all i he has .; always
stood ; ¦ ready ,, / to"- bear . ; the '." full '¦'; conse
quences of < his actions. The . man \ does
MONTEREY, Oct. 24.— The Republi
can demonstration "of _ to-night was de^
clared to be the greatest held ' here in
years.* Bagby's : Opera-house was
crowded to the doors and every mention
of; Roosevelt /' and ; Fairbanks brought
out' thunders of; applause, Congress?
man J. C. Needham made the principal
address.; He talked for nearly two
hours.'-3g«gi^B|sT ; ; . -'•.. ••. ~, .....';•
Congressman Talks to Voters of Mon
terey and Pacific Grove.
BUSY DAY FOR NEEDHAM.
¦ From Los Angeles— W. ' Garland at
the HoffmSn, A. Lalmond at the Marl
borough, F. . Raynes and wife at the
Park Avenue, R. L. Summerstein at
the Grand Union.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. — The follow
ing Californians reached New York
to-day:
From San-Francisco — W. Alexander
at the Holland, H. Autz at the Belve
dere,'G.H. Bell at the Albert, J. O.
Blanchard and wife at the Hoffman,
C. J. Blumenthal at the Imperial, Miss
E. L. Booth at the <SL Denis, B. S.
Boyd, Miss A. Boyd, S. C. Buckbee and
wife at the Holland. H. D. Cheshire
and wife at the Herald Square, J. Cler
fayt at the Holland, 1>. B. Faktor and
F. E. Fielding at the Union Square,
Mrs. G. Frederick at the St. Denis, F.
Harvey at the • Holland. J. H. Hum
phrey and wife at the Grand, W. H.
Langdon at the Hoffman, Mrs. M. Lees
at the Gilsey House, Mrs. E. Martin
at the Holland, Miss C. Martin at the
Murray Hill, R. McDonald at the Ev
erett, C. L. McFarland at the Cos
mopolitan, Mrs. M. McGregor at the
Holland. C. E. Parcells at the Im
perial, W. W. Poley at the Broadway
Hotel, H. M. Wagener and Mrs. R. A.
Wagener at the Holland, H. P. Wil
son at the Astor, I. W. Wood at the
Astor, J. Dalston at the Criterion, Miss
E. Dean at the Netherland, F. E.
Kingston and wife at the Holland, A.
S. Levy at the -Hqtei Algonquin, M.
Manass and wife at the Park Avenue,
W. Rothschild and L. F. Young at the
Herald Square. : -\ :
Calif ornians In New York.
PORTLAND. Oct. 24. — Charles
Walton, the 17-year-old boy robber
who shot and seriously wounded Po
liceman Ole Nelson September 1.
while attempting to hold up a street
car in this city, was to-day found
guilty of assault with intent to kill.
At soon as the case went to the, jury
the second charge, that of attempted
highway robbery while armed with a
dangerous weapon, was called. The
riaxlmum penalty for the two crimes
together is thirty years In the peni
tentiary.
Boy Burglar Is Convicted.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 24. — The enthusi
asm that has been attending the
meetings of E. A. Hayes, Republican
nominee for Congress in the Fifth Dis
trict, throughout Santa Clara 'County
was repeated this evening at Mountain
View. Bonfires illuminated the town.
The audience was a large one and
was made up of business men of
Mountain View : and orchardists from
the surrounding country. Vocal music
was rendered by the Stanford quartet.
W. T. Wright presided as chairman.
Hayes' address reviewed the history
of the Republican party and the tar
iff laws. He urged the voters to work
for the election of the entire Repub
lican ticket, so that President Rooso
velt would have Republican Congress
men to support him in his policy.
Hayes assured the fruit growers that
If he were sent to Congress- their in
terests would not suffer by a tinker
ing with the tariff law on fruit. , After
the meeting most of those present as
sured Hayes of their loyal support.
[( Addresses were also delivered by
Major Kyle of San- Francisco, Fayettc
Mltcheltree, candidate for the Assem-,
bly ; F. Mitchell, candidate for Super
visor, and A. M. Free.
At noon to-day Hayes addressed the
several hundred employes of the Pa
cific Manufacturing Mill at . Santa
Clara and was cordially received. He
I said he was a w laborlng man himself;
[ that he had started in life as a farm
boy, and if in working his way he had
laid aside a- few dollars he hoped. the
fact .would not be laid to his discredit.
Without the Republican system of
protection, he said, the country would
not now be enjoying such an unex
ampled degree of .prosperity.
G rowei-s and Business Men Assure
Candidate of Their Support.
General Samuel W. Backus, presi
dent of the board of directors. Veter
ans' Home of California, has returned
to the city. 'Accompanied by his wife,
he visited St. Louis, New York, Chi
cago, Boston and leading cities of the
South.
Charles R. Robinson, who has been
employed under Auditor Holton of the
Southern Pacific Company, has been
transferred to the passenger depart
ment of the road as assistant to Chief
Clerk Wade.
T. H. Goodman, . general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, who has been ill at the Railroad
Hospital for a week, has recovered
sufficiently to attend to his official
duties.
several months, returned yesterday
from Southern California with his
wife. They are temporarily at the
Palace.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 24. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day:
At the Raleigh — F. R. Newton of
Los Angeles. Miss Sara Marks, W. S.
Blair, Miss J. Blair. W. E. Lowe and
•wife. E. O. Lowe. W. L. Moffatt. Mrs.
M. Friedn'.an. Mrs. I. Friedman and
Etta Friedman of San Francisco. At
the New Willard — J. A. Landsberger.
Mrs. R. G. Hanford. Mrs. J. M. Gam
ble. Dav!d McKay and wife and Mrs.
E. A. Hawxhurst of San Francisco, A.
W. Simpson and wife and Mrs. B.
Klrapson-Rogers of Stockton.
Callfornians in Waslijngton.
VOLUNTEER FIKEMEX DISBAND.— 9an
Leandro. Oct. 24. — Tha San Le&ndro volunteer
fire department will be disbanded to-morrow
A partly paid department will be provided by
the Town Trustees.
McKinlay made a splendid impres
sion. He was followed by T. B. Dozler,
who for , an hour addressed the peopie
In one of the most brilliant speeches
ever heard in Uklah. He pointed out
the interest of this section-in the pol
icy of protection, and urged the vot
ers to stand by the party which not
only gives protection to their prod
ucts, but seeks to extend similar bene
fits to every section of the country. He
asked them to vote in a way that
would give other industrles^the bene
fits-of the tariff in the same dejrree
that is obtained here. • Dozier paid a
high tribute to the worth of the Con
gressional nominee.
McKinlay came to Ukiah on a spe
cial train, accompanied by the Wil
lits Band and more than 100 excur
sionists. The meeting was held at
Marks' Hall, which contained an au
dience of more- than 1000 persons. Mc-
Kinlay spoke three-quarters , of an
hour on national Issues, paying high
tribute to the merit and worth of
President Roosevelt, whose re-election
he urged as the first duty of the na
tion. The voters were warned against
the Democratic efforts to get control
of the House of Representatives.
UKIAH, Oct. 24. — If enthusiasm and
a splendid organization are to be re
lied upon the claim of the Republican
leaders here that this county will give
a majority for Roosevelt and also for
Duncan McKinlay is well founded. Mc-
Kinlay addressed five meetings in this
section to-day and received a cordial
reception at each one, not alone from
the business and professional men, but
from the working people as well.
At an early hour this morning Mc-
Kinlay was driven from Willits to the
Irvine & Muir Comnany's lumber mill,
where he was introduced to every em
ploye personally. Later he delivered
a short address to them, the plant be
ing shut down for the purpose. Re
turning to town he boarded a gayly
decorated special train for a trip into
the redwoods, making his first stop at
the mill of the Northwestern Lumber
Company. All the employes of the
mill, about 200 in number, were as
sembled on the veranda of the board
ing-house and gave three hearty
cheers for McKinlay as the train
stopped. He spoke to the . men for
half an hour, his address eliciting
every mark of approval. After meet
ins the workmen the trip was re
sumed, the train running several miles
through the redwoods to the logging
camp, where more than 100 men ap
plauded the eloquent words of the
Congressional nominee. After working
hours the employes in the lumber yard
at Willits and others, numbering sev
eral hundred, listened to an address
by McKinlay at., the Willits depot.
Willits is more deeply interested in
the tariff than any other town in the
district, the town being dependent
upon the lumber industry.
Duncan 31cKinlay Cheered by Voters
of Ukiah and Vicinity.
ENTHUSIASM MARKS TRIP.
F. Roosevelt and wife of New York,
relatives. of President Roosevelt, who
arrived here two weeks ago. returned
yesterday from a visit to Monterey and
are staying at the St. Francis.
j. V. Thompson of Uniontown, Pa., a
prominent coal operator of the East,
who is making a tour of , the world with
bis ; wife,- arrived yesterday , from : the
Orient and registered at the Palace.
Charles W. Clark, the well-known
young millionaire of Montana, ; returned
yesterday/ with ¦ his bride ; from a ' three
weeks'; visit to the Jerome mine in Ari
zona. ; They, are guests at the St.
Francis/ v 4"^ vv
-Frank Griffin, the .well-known young
mining engineer, * who i has" been 'ill for
H. H. Forney, a mining: engineer of
Sacramento, was among yesterday's
arrivals at the Grand.
William O'B. Macdonough, the well
known young capitalist, registered yes
terday at the St.* Francis. ¦>
Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Schmitt leave
for New York on Saturday. They will
be absent several months.
P. F. Benson, a hotel man of Lake
side, San Diego County, registered
yesterday at the Occidental. ,
:'. Adolph Busch, the well-known
brewer, and A. C. Magnus, a wealthy
hop man of Chicago, are staying at the
St. Francis.
William Sproule, freight traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
returned yesterday from a business
trip to Chicago. .
Dr. J." de S. Bettencourt has re
turned from the St. Louis Exposition,
where he has been acting. on the com
mittee of awards in* the Portuguese
section. ¦
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace was Dr. Felix Frledenthal, a
scientist of Berlin. ,
, T. Armbruster of Chico, auditor for
the Diamond Match Company, is reg
istered at the Palace.
Henry Maruechi, manager of the
Hotel Adams of Denver, is at the Oc
cidental.
A. E. Egger of Vienna, who has
been visiting the St. Louis Exposition,
is at the Palace.
W. G.\Prlce of Santa Rosa is at the
Grand. V
Dr. L. A. Perce of Long Branch Is at
the Lick.
Dr. E. C. Bruce of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
Cecil Clay of Washington is at the
St. Francis.
Dr. H. Nelson Jackson of Burling
ton, Vt., is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. C. W. Young of Balti
more are at the Occidental.
J. B. Crow, a wealthy cattle man of
Crow's Landing, is at the Lick.
L. J. Hohl, a mining man of Oro
ville, is staying at the Grand.
Captain C. H. Thompson of Los
Angeles is at the St. Francis,
W. D. Tillotson, an attorney of Red
ding, is registered at the Grand.
John Hone, a wealthy miner of
Dawson, is staying at the Grand.
Barton Plttman, a mining man of
Tonopah, Is at the St. Francis.
Captain E. C. Caine, ship owner of
Seattle, Is staying at the St. Francis.
Joseph Stout, an insurance 'man of
Chicago, is in this city for a few days.
Myron Hunt, a well-known Los
Angeles architect, is at the St. Francis.
W. D. Madigan, a Stockton Insur
ance man. and his wife are at the
Grand.'
PERSONAL.
Gallahan was shot to death this
afternoon in a revolver duel, and hi3
body shows the deadly effect of the bul
lets that were fired at him at short
range. An ugly gash in the right side
of the throat was made by one ball
as it tore its way through his neck,
severing his jugular vein. Another bul
let entered the left eye and was evi
dently lodged in the. brain, no sign Of
exit being found. Either of the wounds
would have been fatal. Near Gallahan
lay his empty revolver.
Fuller Is said to have threatened to
kill Gallahan. declaring Gallahan
would be in his coffln before next
Christmas eve and that leads the offi
cers to believe he is the man they want.
Gallahan some time ago suspected
that scone one was robbing the sluices
of his placer workings and watched for
the robber. Early one morning he
caught Fuller in the act of robbing the
boxes and severely beat him. Gallahan
at another time found his house had
been broken Into. He could not dis
cover that anything was missing and
prepared as usual his supper. On sip
ping his coffee Gallahan noticed a
peculiar taste and. becoming 'suspicious,
began an investigation, resulting in the
discovery of large quantities of strych
nine in the sugar and coffee.
BUTTE, Mont. Oct. 24. — Henry J.
Gallahan, Federal Court Ballff, Civil
War veteran, a pioneer placer miner of
Montana and a respected citizen of the
State, lies dead at Richards* under
taking rooms as the result of at least
the second attempt on his life in the
last month. Miles Fuller, another placer
miner, whose reputation has been bad.
is a prisoner charged with the murder.
GRANTS PASS. Ore., Oct. 24.—Prep
arations are being made by prospective
settlers, buyers and squatters for a
great rush into the Southern Oregon
forest reserve lands, which are to be
thrown open for entry and settlement
in the near future. These lands cover
a vast area In Josephine, Jackson and
Curry counties and a part of Northern
California counties, notably Siskiyou
and Del Norte. While much of it is
mountainous and some of it is cov
ered with sparse timber, the greater
portion is densely covered with nr and
pine, with ¦ considerable sugar pine,
which ranks with the famous redwood
in point of general value.
Already men are coming in here and
are preparing to take to the woods on
the first {definite information that the
lands are released. Cruisers have
placed a number of scuatters on the
more valuable lands, and other sections
will be taken up rapidly, as the num
ber of mills and the great demand for
lumber makes timber lands of great
value, even in the more remote parts.
Some of the land is vet unsurveyed.
Just what day the lands will be
thrown open Is not yet known, but no
tice has - already been given from
Washington that the reserves are soon
to be opened for settler and buyers.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Special Dispatch to Tbe CalL
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— Odds on
President Roosevelt's election length
em;^ to-day, several bets being report
ed at 5 to 1. These are the biggest
odds offered so far in this campaign,
or in any national campaign within the
memory of a generation. One of "the
5 to 1 bets made to-day- was that of
J. S. Bache & Co.. with Bunell, Bu
chanan & Co. The latter bet $200 to
$1000. There were several small wag
ers at the same terms. On' the contest
in the State, Higgins became a 10 to 9
favorite.
C. W. Moore bet $1000 even money
that Roosevelt would have 50,000
plurality in this State.
President a Stronc Favorite in Bet
ting: in New York.
SHOT TO DEATH
IN PISTOL DUEL
READY TO RUSH
TO TIMBER LAND
ROOSEVELT AT ONE TO FIVE.
If you are going, go now. -It la the chanco
of . the season. Visit the famous Big Trees
on the way In or out via the Southern Pacific.
See the "Grizzly Giant" and other majestic
titans of the forest. Best meals all the way
and every courtesy extended. Call and get
full particulars ..from., agent at 613 Market
street, the Southern 'Pacific 'office. "•
It la still warm and clear in Yosemlte Val
ley, and those who go now will find their trip
satisfactory. ' The early rain* > swelled the
waterfall* and laid the dust on all the trail*
and road*. Both staging and climbing may
be done in comfort.
Now Is the Time to Slake a Most Sat-
Isfactory Trip.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
HAMILTON, O., Oct. 24.— William
J Bryan to-night concluded his tour
of Ohio for the Democratic national
ticket with a speech in this city.
Bryan Ends Ohio Tour.
Michigan will be traversed by Sena
tor Fairbanks to-morrow.* The first
speech will be made at Monroe early
in the morning. The evening meeting
will be held at Grand Rapids.
COLU&LBUS, O., Oct. 24. — Senator
Fairbanks concluded a strenuous day
of campaigning with a speech to-night
in the Columbus Auditorium before
an audience which packed the floors
and galleries of that building.
Throughought his tour to-day, the
Senator was accompanied by Governor
Herrick of Ohio, who also made sev
eral addresses.
Candidate for Vice President to Begin
Michigan Tour To-Day.
FAIRBANKS AT COLUMBUS.
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 24. — W.
Bourke Cockran addressed .an audi
ence that taxed the capacity of Coli
seum Hall here to-night. He devoted !
considerable time to a discussion of lo- j
cal issues resulting from the strike of j
metalliferous miners. He declared i
that in Colorado republican institu- !
tions had perished, and that those of j
the nation were imperiled. I
Denver Hears Cockran.
Frank P. Flint Speaks on Roosevelt's
Behalf at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 24. — Frank P.
Flint of Los Angeles was warmly i
greeted by the Republicans of the !
Sixth and Seventh wards at a meeting!
held to-night. He confined his ad- j
dress to a defense of the Republican
tariff policy and -an appeal to l the
workingmen, who were assured of]
continued protection under a Repub- i
lican administration. ¦ j
DEFENDS TARIFF POLICY.
The surgeons do not regard Ham
mond's wounds as serious. One bullet
entered the fleshy part of the arm just
below the shoulder and the other en
tered the body under the armpit.
T*i*re Is the exit of one wound at the
top »>r the Fhoulder. but which bullet
rasped through could not be deter
mined. Hammond Is well known to
*J»e police. He served a sentence of six
Months some time ago in the County
"ValL
Appo was taken into custody and
cbarwd at the Southern station with
assauJt to commit murder. He was
aftenvard removed to the Central
Emenrency Hospital in the ambulance,
as he Is afflicted with pleurisy. Ham
mond was charged at. the Southern
Ftaticn with assault to commit great
bodily harm.
"I will clean out the whole crowd of
you," Hammond was saying through
his clenched teeth.
The helpless woman appealed to Appo
to help her. He whipped out a small
revolver and fired two shots.
All the viciousness in Hammond was
Cuickly out of him and he hastened to
a nearby drugstore. Here he Informed
the police that he had dropped his pis
tol and that it went off accidentally.
The officers were baffled for a time, but
It was learned later that there had
been shooting at 163 Tehama street.
Here Appo was found In bed. but
neither Mrs. Hammond nor her mother
was at home. Appo handed over the
revolver, having it in the bed with
him, but his explanation was that he
had picked it up in the other room
efter the shooting took place. He
ptoutly denied any knowledge of the
affray and for two hours puzzled four
policemen with his clever evasion.
But at midnight Mrs. Hammond re
turned and she told the story of the
ehootinr. She said she had long been
in fear of her life because of the
threats of her husband, and she was
firmly convinced that he would have
choked her to death last night had not
Appo intervened.
The husband came to the house last
night much the worse for liquor. He
and his wife were together in a room.
Presently she made an outcry. Addo
arose from his sickbed In an adjoining
room and found Hammond holding his
•wife on the floor with a hand on her
throat.
Hammond has been living apart from
his wife, who could not endure his cru
elties. She recently appealed to the
police for protection from him. He
lived only half a bfock away, and fre
quently, when he was In an ugly mood,
he would call and abuse her. She sup
ports herself and her mother. Mrs. Al
len, and among her tenants is Appo.
¦who has been employed as a janitor
at 5 Market street, but recently has
been 11L
Frank Hammond (colored), bootblack
and window-wafher by occupation, was
energetically choking his wife and
loudly crying that he would kill her
last night when George Appo. also
colored. &nd a roomer In the ram
ehackle lodging-bouse she conducts at
163 Tehaisa street, came to her rescue
and fired two shots at the drunken and
Infuriated husband. Hammond was
conveyed to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where two bullet wounds
were found.
- ¦ *
VOTERS MEET HAYES.
The Republican rStltfe Central Com
mittee was not sure -that Bell himself
was claiming all the credit for the col
lier until the stenographic report of the
Woodland speech was secured, but the
committee knew full well that the
Democratic press was clothing him
with credit for an achievement that
he did not accomplish. Late on Satur
day afternoon, October 15, the com
mittee engaged a stenographer to at
tend the Democratic meeting at Wood
land on the night of that day and take
a verbatim ' report of Bell's speech.
Something definite was then obtained
to submit to Senator Perkins and others
of the Republican Congressional dele
gation. The Democratic claim has now
dwindled down to a subdued contention
that Bell "conceived the idea" of in
troducing an amendment. «-
Duncan E. McKinlay, Republican
nominee In the Second District, is dis
playing qualities of leadership that
challenge the admiration of the people
and enlist the special enthusiasm and
support of young men. He never ut
ters a word derogatory of his oppon
ent's private life or personal character.
He quotes the record of the two great
political parties and appeals to the in
telligence of the people for support.
FINDING THE GOODS.
The campaign in the First Congres
sional District is progressing in a man
ner highly gratifying to the Republican
State Central Committee. The people
everywhere manifest their high regard
for the ability and integrity of J. N.
Gillett. It is ascertained that A. Cami
netti, who reluctantly accepted the
Democratic nomination, is badly dis
couraged. Speaking of Camlnetti, the
Humboldt Times asks:
Was not Mr. Caminetti one of the very fel
lows that voted for a free trade measure that
rendered the people of this great country bank
rupt fcr four years? Would not Mr. Caml
netti, if h<* had another opportunity, cast his
vote against our Interests again?
The Democrats of the Second Dis
trict display signals of distress. The
Oakland Tribune remarks:
Congressman Bell Is now In a position to
sympathize " with the parrot that talked too
much. His free u*e of his tongue has got him
into trouble. His attempt to appropriate to
himself the credit of having one of the new
Government colliers built at Mare Island has
brought out a statement of the facts from
Scr.utor Perkins that make* Mr. Bell look
rather small. • The amendment to the bill was
inserted In the Senate at the Instance of Sena
tor Perkins. Mr. Bell made a speech in Its
favor in the House, but he would have had
nothing to talk about if Senator Perkins had
not secured the Insertion of the amendment, j
A plurality of 1000 for E. A. Hayes in
tlie Thirty-seventh is expected. The
nominee for Congress is developing
speed and ability as a campaigner.
FIRST DISTRICT.
To-morrow evening at Phelps Hall,
317 Devisadero street, E. A. Hayes, Re
publican nominee for Congress, Fifth
District: E. 1. Wolfe, candidate for the
Senate, Twenty-first District, and F.
C. Jones, nominee for the Assembly,
will address the voters of the Thirty
seventh Assembly District. Two years
ago the vote for Assemblymen In this
district was as follows:
A. G. Fisk (Rep.).. 1936
John E. Brannan (Dem.) 643
J. W. Mayder (Union Labor) 551
Julius Kahn is making an enterpris
ing and effective campaign. It is com
mon gossip in all the political camps
that he will win by a handsome ma
jority. . .
KAHN AND HAYES.
(Accidental Hall, on Third street, near
Howard, will be the rallying point to
night for the Republican legions of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District.
Julius Kahn, nominee for Congress,
Fourth District; Frank A. Markey,
candidate for State Senator. Seven
teenth District, and William Mindham,
nominee for the . Assembly, Twenty
eighth District, will address the people.
The indications are that Markey will
be elected to the Senate and Mindham
to the Assembly. . This will be a Re
publican gain of two in rhe Legisla
ture.
not live .who dares impugn his personal
honor or his patriotism." !
Needham's, remarks brought the
crowd" to its feet and for several min
utes, the applause was deafening. Con- .
tinulng Needham pointed out the ben-,
efits accruing to the States that send j
Republican representatives to Congress i
for term after term. The other speak- j
ers were H. W. Lynch, candidate for.
State Senator; J. B. R. Cooper, candi- (
date for the Assembly, and local nomi- j
ness. . '
Needham also addressed an open air ;
meeting at Pacific Grove this after
noon. The weather was cold and raw, '
but more than three hundred stood
about the speakers' stand for an hour
and a half listening to him and other;
nominees. i
SHOWS PARKER'S -ERRORS:
ESOPUS, N. T., Oct. 24.— Judge Par
ker to-day laid aside the issues usually
discussed in national political contests
and addressed a crowd of several hun
dred persons on the general topic of
campaign practices and abuses. He re
buked the present administration for
the part Government officials were al
leged to be taking in the campaign.
He charged that the officers of jthe
Government were now practically
chosen by a handful of corporate man
agers, who contributed the assets of
the corporations to keep the conduct of
the Government in the hands they con
sider best for their private interests.
Said he:
Appreciating the responsibility put upon me
by the Democratic party, and the duty which
acceptance imposed upon me. I have care
fully considered the utterance' I am about to
make, and am well persuaded that, had a situ
ation calling for Its consideration been at the
time presented. It would have met the full ap
pro\-al of the convention as It will now meet I
the approval of every thoughtful, right minded
citizen of the United States, without regard to
party creed or party prejudice.
Many years have passed since my active
participation in politics. In the meantime a
startling change has taken place in the method
of conducting campaigns — a change not for
the better, but for the worse: a change that
has introduced debasing and corrupt methods
which threaten the Integrity of our country,
leaving it, perhaps, a republic in form, but not
a republic in substance; no longer a govern
ment of the people, by the people and for the
people, but a government whose officers are
practically chosen by a handful of corporate
managers, who levy upon the assets of the
stockholders whom they represent such sums'
of money as they deem requisite to place the
conduct of the Government In such hands as
they consider best for their private Interests.
PATRIOTISM AND FAVORITISM.
I make no complaint, nor should complaint
be made, of any Individual who contributes
toward the many legitimate expenses of a
great campaign. The capitalist, as an Indi- ¦
vldual, has as much right to contribute to
ruch purposes and In proportion to his means
as has his less wealthy fellow-eitizen. What
ever he may do. based on a patriotic desire
to help elect the candidates of that party
which It seems to him will serve the b?st In
terests of the country, should be encouraged.
Equally is it true that all right thinking
men favor the encouragement of thrift, accu
mulation of property and Its due and just pro
tection, and they are equally opposed to either
the saying or doing of anything that will ar
ray one class against another. All classes are
mutually dependent upon and mutually help
ful to each other, and no word or act of mine
shall cause a gulf to be opened between them.
But there is a wide difference between an
individual employing his wealth In the manner
authorized by law and individuals or corpora
tions who operate in defiance cf law. The first
is independent of. the latter dependent upon
government favoritism. It is but a little while
t-lnce the body of the people at large pro
vided the legitimate expenses of a campaign.
Then farmer and lawyer, doctor and mechanic,
day laborer and banker each contributed Eome
thing toward the erection of banners, the
circulation of literature and the expenses of
public meetings. Each contributor was a bet
ter citizen for it. It stimulated his patriotism
and the contributions were devoted to the le
gitimate advancement of J.he cause, not made
lor the deliberate corruption of masses of
electors.
Gradually and, alas! effectually, but surely
not permanently, has all this been changed.
Some of the enterprises which have unduly
thrived through favoritism and which have
b«?en permitted by statute to Indirectly levy
tribute en ths people, have in the course of time
become so rich and strong that they can and
do contribute vast sums when It Is made clear
that it will be an advantage to them, and they
contribute upon the promise, direct or Implied,
that thty shall be permitted to continue to tax
the people for their own benefit. Upon such
promises contributions have been not Infre
quently made in such large measure as to In
duce and procure colonization, repeating and
bribery in doubtful States.
VOTERS WITH A PRICE.
This has built up a class of voters known to
lccai leaders as ••floaters." a class so numerous
that party canvarsers allot to them in their
canvass -books a j^paraje column headed with
that name. This condition is recognized by
party workers, local. State and national. They
arc no longer checked by it. It has become so
prevalent that they are becoming hardened to
It. They *ometime* wonder where H Is to
end. but under the stress of a campaign they
postpone consideration until the next election.
1 am persuaded the time to begin the fight
against those who would control the results of
elections for their private corporate interests,
as distinguished from the public interests. Is
now. and. whatever the result of the electicn
may be, it should be continued until the evil
is cht-cked.
The excessively protected Interests, which
formerly poured out their treasure in order
to continue existing laws and procure the
passage of new laws permitting Its further
accumulation, have been joined by the-com
bination popularly called trusts. Their plan
is to perpetuate the present administration.
Such of the combinations or trust* as do not
profit by the aid of the tariff secure their
profits by the exercise of monopolies. Hence
their officers are opposed to the enforcement
of the law against/ them.
When such forces unite to furnish the
money which they are promised will control
"the election, their purpose, is as clear as
noonday. It is to buy election material to
purchase four year* cf profit by taxation or
four year* more of extortion from the public
by mears of monopoly.
Political contributions by corporations and
trust* mean corruption. They cannot be hon
est. Merely business interests are moved by
merely business considerations. A corporation
¦will subscribe to a political party only because
the corporation expects that party, through
Its control of. public officers, executive cr
legislative, to do something for the benefit
of the corporation or to restrain from doing
•omcthine to its Injury. No other motive
can be imagined. In the nature of things no
other motive can exist. The relations estab
lished mean the expectation, if not agree
ment, actual or implied, that governmental
action is to be Influenced by and for cor
porate Interest*. No sophistry can give any
other a«p*ct to the transaction In the mind?
of reasonable men.
PUTS A FEW QUESTIONS.
Let the defenders of the practice, if it has
defenders, answer these questions:
Why do corporations and trusts subscribe
to political campaign*?
What would a trust think of a party which,
after accepting from the trust a campaign
contribution of I500.0C0. should permit the
party'* representatives in office to take action
Inimical to the trusts?
Would the public Interests be safe in the
hands of a party the greater part of whose
campaign funds had been contributed by* cor
porations and trust*?
If the public welfare- and the Interests of
eubscrlbtng corporations or trust* should con
flict, which would likely be protected?
The «cneme of our Government opposes fa
voritism, but in Its administration there has
I been much of it. Indeed. It has been growing
: with such rapidity In recent year* that those
• few who have enjoyed favors contributed either
: directly by statute or indirectly by the non
prosecution of violations of law represent, con
trol and representing many millions of dollar*.
These interest* have decided to attempt to con
tinue the present administration In power.
Their representatives scolded about the Presi
dent several month* ago and thu* contributed
their part to the effort which was assiduously
made to satisfy the country that the trusts
•were opposed Ho the present administration.
Whether there* were real difficulties between
these great power* and the administration —
difficulties which have since been settled to
the *ati*factlon of all parties concerned — or
whether there were no difficulties to be com
promised and adjusted, their action being but
a play to deceive the voters, the fact remains
that the trusts are not now opposed to the
continuance of the present administration. On
the contrary, it i» common knowledge that
they have decided to furnish .such a sum of
money to the Republican National Committee
as it is hoped will secure the "floaters" in
I the doubtful States for tbe Republican ticket.
Such an attempt constitutes both a menace
and a cBallenga to every patriotic and law
abiding person In this country, a* challenge
which ougtat to be accepted. The question
ought to be eettled now whether the "floaters"
and illegal combination* can together control
an election In this campaign.
Such a contest means, on one side, vaet sums
of money and every man with .in Itching palm.
It ought to array every hon«?*t. independent
and patriotic citlien on the other side.
. ¦-? -
If Judge Parker would apply to the Treas
ury Department for information as to the
methods of Government business and the con
dition of the public finances he would get
prompt and accurate Information and avoid the
embarrassment of being led Into very palpable
errors.
Mr. Parker has evidently been led Into an
error on that point. He seems to think thai
the current monthly expense accounts have
eome relation to these estimates. These esti
mates have no relation whatever to present ex
penses. They simply represent the sums that
Congress will be asked to appropriate to meet
the expenses of the various departments for
the fiscal year beginning July IS, 1905, 'and
June 30. 1906.
to-day issued a statement in part as
follows:
The attention of the department haa been
called to the statement twice made by Judge
Parker that th«re have been administration
orders forbidding the publication of Informa
tion concerning Government expenditures. This
is a mistake. Mr. Parker seems to have un
fortunately acquired from untrustworthy
sources considerable misinformation, especially
about the management of the Treasury De
partment and especially about orders Issued
to govern departmental action generally.
Tbe only order Issued concerning estimated
expenditures was that no subordinate should
make any. estimates public until the heads of
the departments had gone over them with the
President and they had been approved. Before
Mr. Parker' had made his second statement in
reference to an order to withhold Information
the Postofflce, Interior and Agricultural de
partments and the District of Columbia had
rr.ade and published their estimates. The esti
mates from the other departments will be
given out In the ordinary course of business
as soon as they are made and approved, just
as they have been In previous years. The
practice of the departments in this respect has
not been in any manner departed from this
year.
Domestic Infelicities of a
Colored Ccuple Almost Cul
minate in a Fatal Ending
Campaign in Legislative Districts of City Opens To-Night
Intimates That the American Voter Is' a Chattel
in the Hands of Politicians.
WOUNDS XOT SERIOUS
Prospects for Success of Entire Congressional
Ticket in California Carry Despair to Democrats
Republicans Near Victory
Boomer Uses Pistol to Save
Woman From a Murderous
Attack bv Her Husband
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE
SCOLDS CORPORATIONS
IS SHOT WHILE
CHOKING WIFE
CAMPAIGN CONTRIBUTION PARKER'S THEME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1904.
5
A.DVKKTISKMEXTS.
OPERATIONS A FAD.
Public Gradually Awakens to the Fact
The latest fad in operations has been
the appendicitis fad; before that the
fad for rectal operataions (piles, etc)
held sway. Hundreds of patients were
frightened and hurried into hospitals,
operated upon and robbed of their last
collar, when the trouble was a simple
case of hemorrhoids or piles only,
e&slly cured at home with a simple
remedy eoetinc but fifty cents a box.
~I procured one fifty cent box of
Pyramid Pile Cure of my druggist.
T.ith the intention of buying & larger
box later, but was happily surprised
when I found that I was cured, and
ctill have six pyramids left out of the
f.rfat and only box. 1 have not had
the least sign of piles since I used this
one dot, which has been about two
months: previous to using Pyramid
Pile Cure I had the worst kind of
bleeding and protruding: piles for over
thirty-one years, and no one knows,
except those who have had the piles,
the pain and misery I suffered.
"I- cm a poor man. but have -often
said I would give a fortune, if I had
It, to be cured of the piles, and now I
have been cured for fifty cents. I
should be very ungrateful if I did not
thank you and give you every priv-
ilege to use my name and this letter,
when I know there are so many who
suffer as I did." J. A. Weismiller, 1100
Bladensburg Road, Washington, D. C.
The Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall,
Mich., publish a little book on the
causes and cure of piles, which ] they
will be erlad to mail free to any appli-
cant, and we advise all sufferers from
tills painful disease to write to them
tor it.
¦^ADVERTISEMENTS.
818-820 MABSET STBSET. gAJf 7BAHCXSCO.
DOUBLE DAY AS USUAL ON WEDNESDAY. a s ™£ «H*
A^lo g tgo^T A o I^ 8^^g^:. CT OTO "*»io"t »raug
SHIRT WAISTS. 300
In Pique. Flannels. Henriettas, Alba- Belts of many styles, drummers'
tross and Velvets. We will sell the samples, worth from 35c to 50c* 50
balance of our stock of Fall Shirt different styles. Special. each..'Oc
\vaists at extremely low prices «»«•»«.»_.
while they last. Alt _.„ ,. KIBBOKS.
,.____, All Silk Imported Fancy Ribbons.
Of^v r> ™ HA»XBS' £ .<?- 1' nearly 4 inches wide; made to sell
Stock Collars fn many styles. Regular for 35c per yard. Special, per vard
price, 25c and 35c. Special, while ..124c
they last . . •••—•• 8c BOWS TXSJ . op
aii 1 KA1 J , 11 ™ PTTTPS. : By our expert bow makers.
All colors; made of fine grade of Illu- i-^v.-™ n -r «-n^«
sion; made to sell for 15c. Special _, . , .""^ OZ.OVES.
for two days, each . .- So Double tips, in black, white and tan;
J^ all sizes. Special »Oc
NOVESTT OPERA GLASS. Cotton Gloves 19c
A good, powerful glass. Regular price, «=*•=========================¦!»¦¦¦
$2.50. Special 81. 7O XJBT THERE BE X.XGKT:
OUT CLOCKS. If you cannot reach the gas we can
On special sale one day. Regular assist you. An extra strong Torch
value.. $1.50 and $2.00. Special or Gas Lighter, solid oak handle.
• JR1.2O with easy moving slide, and a box
= != =============s=======3=====« of Never Drip Tapers. Torch sells
ADVANCE BARGAINS. everywhere for 15c; Tapers, per
BUY NOW rOS THE box, 8c. Our price while they last.
HOLIDAYS. for both IOC
84 BUILDING BLOCKS, 25c* DANDY KITCHEN SET.
Cheap as firewood. Give the little 3 Pieces — Spoon. Fork. Cake Turner.
folks a chance. 84 Building Blocks. Retinned steel, with wood handles:
assorted colors (2 layers), in wood- screw-eye in end of handle for
en box 14^x10 inches. Regularly hanging. Regular price everywhere
sold for 50c. Special price for thi3 on these goods is 23c. Our special
.week only 25c price 18c
COMBINATION _GAME BOARDS. '
*¦*** ¦ < ooC* t b ire it m |j o AT
Something new at a popular price. frg^^gE^g^s.. . _. __,«_ _
Nicely finished, double surface, two frOtiTr 3 » ~lt "CTOBT
games to each board, size 14^x15%. c5* 1 *i a • «i PRICES.
Steeplechase and Santa Claua r^'5lw--r!WwS A GOOD.
Games; Red Riding Hood and Slide ivBp^i J ¦ «-»„„«
Games; Fox and Geese and Ameri- CvXMb^Sw^sSVp aiavntt
can Flag Games. Your choice of any > -ffr'r|l^ P1AT TOP
two Combination Games .....35c * " TKUNg.
NEW books jttkt srrrnrpTi Canvns covered and painted, with four
* ,1 B " OKS JuST RECEIVED. hardwood slats on top. three on
T nnwJiST 8 ; "™ c °P>' rl e ht fiction. bottom and two all around body;
published at $1.50; our price.81.0S good lock and belts; strong steel
™f T«ftt»/T\'K y T?t P Sfl n^ lm - trimmings and bumper; tray and
7%Z'b%%Z by K ltc^ flel M-. covered hat box; iron bottom and
God s Good Man. by Corelli. two stout straps:
Hearts in Exile, by Oxenham. „„ , ,„ . ,, ,
Blazed Trail Stories, by White. - s - ln - 3(Mn - 32-ln.
Loves of Miss Anne, by Crockell. c — *** a~ »n „-. rt _
The Red Window, by Hume. So.OO JS.»..»O 8G.OO
The House of Fulfillment. Martin. 34 ' ln - 36 ' la -
The Flight of the Moth, by Post- ~ d . -^ e _ „_
The Farm of Dagger, by Philpotts. »1».*»O 9 * .OO
Tommy & Co., by Jerome. A better one, with malleable brass
Beverly of Graustark, McCutcheon. trimmings; Excelsior lock; extra
Old Gorgon Graham, by Lorlmer. strong bolts and extra skirt tray; a
Bred in the Bone, by Nelson Page. beauty in appearance and strength:
The Seeker, by H. Leon Wilson. 28-in. 30-in. 32-in.
The Georgians, by Harben.
Sir Mortimer, by Johnston. «{; «-: «— «je cc o«e
yirgilius. by Batcheller. * 3 ' 4 *:I n o * 3 6-Ln? SS-'lnT
A Ladder of Swords, by Parker. -
Huldah, by Macgowan and Cooke. SO.OO 80.75 81O.5O
KNIVES. RAZORS AND SHEARS OBOtTND AND REPAIRED
PICTURE rRAMES OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADS TO ORDER.
Alili HINDS OP EmCTRICAIt WORK DONE AND REPAIRED
ADVERTISEMENTS.
n Brand m
H Evaporated m
« Cream m
|H bears the above cap labeL fig
111 Contains fully as much fig
K§ food substance per can as jgfj
k& the watery imitations in fig
Jill larger cans. jg3
|9 It is smooth and perfect fl
m because skillfully pre- Ba
i||| pared. Its purity Is SgL
jffgP guaranteed.
UAPTCDgl CCHB SICE HEADACHE,
CAKltrio .
USittle Genuine Must Bear
; g IVER Facsimile SignatureThlrd race, one and a sixteenth miles— Flo
Bob won. Leila second, Elie third. Time,
1:4* /¦}. - .^
First race, six furlongs— Joe Ooss won, Dan
Collins second. Sir Andrew third. Time,
Second race, five furlongs — Royal Legend
won. Lou Merrill second. Peggy • third. Time
l:01%.>i£S9MEa»aBmM$ScV ¦ , t-
KANSAS CITT, Oct. 24.— Elm Rld« re
mite:
Results at Kansas City.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs ; handicap;
two-year-olds and op: .
I> ttlrs. Horse.- Weight, Jockey. SL K Fin.
10 to 1— Aden, 122 (Cheatham).... 8 2 1 1 h
7 to 2— Anne Davis. 106 (Austin) 8 4 2 2 1U
3 to 1— Edith May. 87 (Dlckeon) 7 3 13b
Time, 1:2714. Starf~ good. Won driving.
Winner, W. D. Strlnrer"s ch. c. (5) by Athe-
Iing-L~Uie. Tern's Rod 82. Arlena 93. Wolfram
92. St. Flour 88 and Ralph Young: 98, 'finished
as named.
DENVER, Col., Oct 24.— Samuel
Newhouse, formerly of Colorado and
now a Utah mine I operator, " has ; been
enriched beyond the dreams of * his
boyhood days, by.,-, the discovery, of
great bodies of gold , ore In the ; Cactus
mine, > In Southeastern Utah, , five miles
from Frisco. Ore valued at $84,000,000
Is ready to be broken. for the smelter,
which the America Smelting and Re
fining Company will build at Salt Lake.
The ; smelter trust has ! signed contracts
for the : . treatment , of $40,000,000 worth
of ore from the mine. -
r With the acquisition of his great
wealth, Newhouse : has ; developed ¦ many
social . plans. . The town of : Newhouse
will be built near the mine In a'beauti
ful 'valley. Modern houses of brick
and stone will be built. ; Newhouse will
give the ' town a* library. Miners will
receive . " prizes for \ good work. New
house, who was in Denver to-day, said:
"I have , owned ¦ the Cactus ) mine ( five
years ! and now have ¦ blocked out ' quan
tities of ore/; the handling of .which .will
average ¦ a* minimum of I $14 to ». the I ton."
Back of this is a' mile and a half of the
eame quality of ore." .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Utah Miner Discovers Bodies
of Gold Ore Winch Will
Bring Him Great "Fortune
THIRD RACES — Maiden two-year-olds; live
and a ball furloiun:.
Betting. Horse.. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1— Clara Dee, 102 (Dickson). 2 3 n 1 h
8 to 1— Russell A, 105 (Head)... 7 64 21,
4 to 1— Ber.diKO. 105 (Au«Un).... 5 th 31^
Time, l:10U- Start rood. Won driving.
Winner. J. . C. Mllazn & Co.'s b. f. by St.
Julien-Marie C. John Randolph 107. Kitty
Belie Brooks 102.' Stella M 101', Dresden 102,
Makalna 10B, finished as named.
RICH BEYOND
HIS FANCIES
SECOND RACE— Four-year-olds and up;
one mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — St. Daniel., 108 (Austin) 12 2 1 11
15 to 1— Fltzbrtllar. 103 (Seder). 2 14 2 ns
25 to 1 — Dr. Burns, 105 (Young) 8 7 h " 3 4
Time,' l:43fe. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, T. A. Gay's b. b. (4) by St. An
drew-Daniella. Jake Weber 100, Tribes 100,
Missile 103. SancUs&lma 100, Caelana 100.
William F II 105, Flora Levy 100. Gerda 105,
Pepper Dick 106, finished as named.
First race, six furlongs, handicap, - two
year-olds — Diamond 124, Trapper 120, Agile
114, Juvenaga 114, Escutcheon 108, Merry
Lark 107, Workman 100, Jennie McCabe 100,
Myopia 09. Jerry C 98, Oxford 90, Amber
jack 87.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling— Sentry 106, Ldrd Advocate 106. Hack
ensack 106, Osgood 106, Prince Cblng 105, Vln
cennes 103, Brunswick 103, Topic 102, Lord
Badge 100, Hoodwink 98,. Knobhampton 98,
Beverly 98, Tol San 99. Conceit 97, Destiny
95, Vlona 02, Funny Side 90, Alllnda 90.
Third race, five an>l a half furlongs. sell-
Ing, two-year-olds — Juvenaga 108, Farweet
107. Workman 107. AH Scarlet 104, Druid 104,
Belligerent 101, Gotowlh 101, D*Arkle 100.
Linda Rosa 99, Goldcroft 99, Llanthony Boy
9$, Bert Arthur 98, - Niblick 98. Miss Modesty
95. Ehannonside 94, Bell Sauvage 90.
Fourth race, the Amagansett one and a
sixteenth miles — Orthodox 108, Irish Witch
105, Canteen 105. Dick Bernard 104, Little Em
102, New Tork 101, Lord Badge 98, Brooklyn
lte 93. Stolen Momenta 98, Briarthorpe 91.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth mllea, sell-
Jne — The Huguenot 108, Courtmald 104, Glis
ten 98. Old England 98* Garnish 07. Ascetic 91.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-olds — Idle Tfars . 108, Witch Hazel
108, Blue Pigeon 108,"- Ismail Ian 108. Eunray
108, Suffice 108, Inspiration 108. .My Buela
108. Lucy Young 108. Fairy Dance 108, Hya
cinth 108. Novena 108. Edith Brown 108. Met
tle 108. Miss Modesty 108. Miller's Daughter
108. iiiBJi.fi [!W1LMM!H_ I' 1
NEW YORK. Oct 24.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at -Jamaica
track follow:
BOY DIES IN A FIT. — Arthur Levy, a 10
year-old boy residing with hiE parents .at 214
Seventh street, waa found dead In bed yester
day morning. He bad been subject to epi
leptic fitr and was niSocated by lying face
downward on the pillow.
ST. LOUIS, Oct 24. — Aden,, at 10
to 1, with top weight up, ran a smash
ing race and beat a fine all age field in
to-day's Delmar handicap. Favorites
had a bad day, only one choice win
ning. The weather was clear and the
track fast Attendance, 3500.
FIRST RACE— Maiden two-year-olds; five
and a half furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %, Fin.
5 to 1 — Trourere, 100 (Henssy) 8 2 3 1 h
15 to 1— Cotta Stone, 102 (Neely) 3 1 h 2 2
12 to 1— Betty Gold, 97 (Dickson) 1 8 7 3 2
Time, 1:104. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. J. Lanfxied's b. c, by Trouba
dour-Charlty. . Mary Maid 97, Devince 1O2,
Bannock Belle 97, Bonanza King 102, Lady
Gin 102, Aten 9-7, Sharon Springs 105, Co-
Uhed as named. (Rox 102, left at post.)
Rons a Smashing Race and Wins Del
mar Handicap.
ADEN LANDS AT TEN TO ONE.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth mllea;
handicap; all ages:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5— Carbuncle. 117 (Redfern). 3 4 In
7 to 2 — War Whoop. »7 (Travers) 1 1 1%2 4
7 to 2 — Ethics, W (H. Cochran) . . 2 2 h 3 4
Time, 1:65 1-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Wiener. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. g. by Stuyves
ant-Garnett. Proceeds also ran.
When the resolution granting the
Kayes Valley Athletic Club a profes
sional boxing permit for the month of
November came up before the Board
of Supervisors at yesterday's meeting
Eraunhart objected to its adoption.
The resolution, however, was adopted
by a vote of 11 to 6, Booth, Braunhart
Erandenstein, Cou»ior and D'Ancona
voting against It
The Hayes Valley Club was also
granted an amateur boxing permit for
November 11 and the Bay City Club
one for November 4.
the Resolution and Five
Against It
Eleven Supervisors Vote in Favor of
Time. 2:08 2-6. Start good. -Won driving.
VTinnor. E. R. Thomas' b. c. by Flatlands-
Lucky Clover. Stolen Moments, Midshipman,
fmiFht-d as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
selling; three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Cloverland, 107 (Redfern) 5 6 1 h
6 to 1— Stonewall, 87 (Travers) .4 3 % 2 %
11 to 5— The Southerner. 100( Da vs) 1 2 h 3 3
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 24.— The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First race, six furlongs, purse— Trossachs 07.
Yeast 97. Foxmead 97, Miss Anthony 97, Co
hamet 107, Mimon 107, St. Merrylegs 107. Fly
Lady 107. Carnival '107, The Hawaiian 107,
Heritage 110, Gus Heidorn 110, Barrington 110.
Mendon 112, Careless 112. Rowland M 115.
Second race, five furlongs, purse — Pelham
107, The Reprobate 107. Smithy Kane 107, Arc
Light 110, Weet Brookfield 110, J. B. Smith
110, Angalotta 110. Lordllng 110. San Jose 110.
Bradwarlin 112, Lauros 112, Ed Early 107,
Chief Bush 115. Bishop Poole 115. (Ed Early
and Chief Bush, Bradley & Brollier entry.)
Third race, six furlongs, handicap — Cigar
lighter 00, Ahola 00. Don Domo 94, Sir Brll
lar 96, J. W. O'Neill 98, Nannie Hodge 103,
Golden Rule 105, Rusk 109, Mayor Johnson 108.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Scortic 65, Ahola 90, Luralighter 92, King
Ellsworth 97. Spencerian 98, Rankln 97. Huz
zah 104. Martinmas 112. Brancas 112. (Rankln
and Huzzah, Arthur entry.)
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling—
Annora J 88, La Chaperone 90, Mtngore 93,
Charlie Miller 95, Rabunta 97, Santa Teresa
97. 8cortlo 97. Avenger 98. Nlaxus 102, Mr.
Farnum 102, Jlngler 102, Lou Woods 102, Lit
tle Elktn 104, Paramount 106, Ben Chance 107.
Ethylene 109.
Sixth race, stx furlongs, puree — Basswood
97, Golden Buck 97. Platoon 97, Midge 97.
Scotch Irish 100, Diagram 100. Kenton 100, Big
Beach 105. Ivan the Terrible 105. Michael
Byrnes 105, Colonel Ruppert 106, Broadway
Girl 112.
HAYES VALLEY CLUB GETS
PERMIT FOR NOVEMBER
WORTH ENTRIES.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; the Lynbrook
handicap; two-year-olds: #
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. SL \ Fin.
12 to 1 — Glenecho, 105 (Burns)... 2 1 1^1 3.
10 to 1— Gamara. 103 (H. Phillips) 3 2 1 2 tt
S to 1 — Pasadena. 119 (B. Mrtln) 13 2 3 1
Time. 1:13. Start fair. Won easily. "Winner.
S. S. Brown's b. c. by Longstreet-Laura Ethel.
Augur. Teacrest, Austin Allen. Flyback,
Cairngorm. King Cole, Heart's Desire, finished
as named. • . .¦
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Federal, 105 (Mclntyre) 1 4 1^1 n
15 to 1— Mei3terBlnger.lO7 (Kunz) 8 52 23
5 to 2— Ethylene. 107 (Harris). 2 2h 3 %
Time, 1 :48 1-5. Start good. Won handily.
"Winner, J. Arthur's b. g. (8) by Burlington or
Kingston-Forethought. Swiftwing 107, Carat
102, Celebration 109. Bank Street 102. Harney
102, Chanterelle 104. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Col.Ruppert.112 (Treubl) 2 1 h 1 h
3 to 4 — Gld.Enamel,112 (Domnk) 7 4h 2 8
60 to 1— Logistilla, 100 ("Wilson). 5 6 2 3 5
. Time. 1:07 2-5. Start good- Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Wernberg's ch. c. by Gotham-
Fredericka. Janeta 100. Matidor 103, Dr.
Lezgo 103, Rossbourne 103. Capttano .103,
Raviana 105, finished as named.
JOCKEY HARTMAX HURT.
Sustains a Broken Shoulder in Steeple
chase at Latonia. •::'J- '¦-',
CINCINNATI, Oct 24. — Two jock
eys were seriously injured In the first
steeplechase of the meeting at Latonia
to-day. There was a mishap of some
sort at nearly every jump, the most
serious of all beings the one to Jockey
Hartman, who fell off near the third
jump and received a broken shoulder.
Jockey Pierce fell at the quarter Jump
and suffered a badly bruised head. Re
sults:
First race, six furlong* — Glad Smile won,
Jed Grlllo second, Magdalle Lee third. Time,
1:14%.
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Bashford
Belle won. Steel Trap second, Agnes Vir
ginia third. Time, 1:02.
Third race, one mile — Requiter won Corus
cate second, Applex third. Time, l:40H.
Fourth race, handicap, steeplechase, short
course — Red Car won. Dominique You second.
Rip third. Time. 8:01.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Ram's
Horn won. Bowling Bridge second. Harpoon
third. Time. 1:07.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Glen
wood won, Annie Williams second, Kllmorle
third. Time, 1:48%.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; handicap for
three-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
IS to 6— Cr. Prince. 105 (Gannon) 2 2 2 1 n«
4 to 1— Roeeben, 108 (O'Nell).. 1 11 2%
17 to 10— Israelite, 107 (Redfern).. 4 3 2 3 5
Time. 1:13 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Wiener. L. V. Bell's ch. c. by Meadowthorpe-
Witches Sterlina. Auditor, Ancestor and ,Yo
San finished aa named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds
and up; purse: - -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % n n .
8 to 5— Bad News, 118 (Helgesn 1 1 2%1 %
5 to 2— : M. Crawford, W (Lannm) 2 2 5 .2 10
60 to 1— Brand New.96 (Mclntye) 3 3 4 320
Time, 1:40 2-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Winner, E. R. Bradley*s br. z. (4) by Flying
Dutchman-Black Sleeves. . Lady Jocelyn 100,
Introductor 104, finished as named.
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
for three- year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — Champlain. 98 (Travers).. 3 2 3 1 h
9 to 2— Reveille, 100 (Hlldebrand) 1 7 3 2 h
7tol— S. Trimble. 106 (O'Nell)... 2 4b 31
Time, 1:4S. Start fair. Won driving.
"Winner. F. Farreir» b. c. by Gonsalvo- Lillian
Belle. Namtor. Sals. Waterford, Homestead,
Stone Arabia. Tide and Heglra finished ae
named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse; all
ages:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. %' Fin.
14 to 5— N.Mown Hay,107(Rbns) 7 1 h 1 2
13 to 20— The Crisis. 106 (Hofflr) 6 4 2 2 3
100 to 1— Mezzo, 102 (R.Johnson) 8 7 h S n
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. E. Durnell's b. f. (3) by Ben Brush-
Red Clover. St. Paula 106, Cognomen 100.
Intrigue 91, Gypsene 106, Flight 90. finished
as named.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Vouch 113,
Kind's Charm 111, Felix Mozzes 111, Lasso
10*. Gasccnne 89, Jack Mown S3, Kilts 86.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Sambo 10S, Lubin 101, Taby Tosa
100. Sam Craig 93, Flora Willoughby 87.
Fifth race,- seven furlongs, selling — Byron
Rose 111, Miss Manners 107. Ralph Young 104,
Mafalda 104, Wolfram 102. Bab 102, Light
Opera 101, Montpeller 100, Gay Lizzette 97,
Algonquin 91.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Marl'.n 104, Mlndora 103, Mainspring 102,
Ivernla 100, Avoid 100, Sister Lillian 100,
Frank Rice 98, Compass 95, Imboden 94,
Triple Silver 91.
.. Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—King Fox II 105. Bob- Curt 105, Bird
Pond 1C5, Major Carpenter 100, Madoc 10O,
Sweet Note 10O. Maid ot the Order 10O. Look
away 05, Pilgrim Girl 95, - Baegerly 95, Fan
nette 95, Ed Merritt 95.
ST. LOUIS, Oct 24. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar track
follow: §
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling;,
maidens — Dorothy Dodd 107, Bessie Me 102,
Ethel 1 s Pride 102, JFlying Fire 102, Elenika
100, Thomson's Fairy 100, Algetha 95, Mak
aloa 95. Stella M 95, Telephone Belle 95, Lady
Sellers 95.
St. I.oui- Dos Carries Off tlie Day's
Honors at the Nebraska
Trials. V
FRIEND, Neb.. Oct 24. — Wave of
Fortune, a brindle dog owned by J.
J. Litvin of St. Louis, was the winner
of the all-age stake, which was com
pleted at the Friend Coursing Club's
1 ark to-day. He also won the Burke
tup, a handsome trophy, which must
be won three times to become the
jermanent property of a competitor.
The Waterloo stake will be run Thurs
day and Friday, the hounds resting
for two days. The summary for to
day iu the fifth and following rounds:
Fifth round — Advertiser, owned by
E. J. Corn, Augusta Kan?., beat
Northern Express, Butte, Mont; Wave
of Fortune beat Limerick Belle,'
owned by M. G. Keaugh, Chicago;
Marvis Clair ran a bye.
Semi-final round — Advertiser beat
Marvis Clair, owned by D. K. Carter.
Cottonwood, Kans.; Wave of Fortune
ran a bye.
Final round — Wave of Fortune beat
Advertiser.
ALL AGE STAKE WON
BY WAVE OF FORTUNE
DELMAR ENTREES.
SECOND RACE— Mile and fifty yards; sell
ing; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Emp of Indla.HO(Treubl) 7 3 1 1 n
Sto 1— Arab, 88 (Shaver) 2 12 2 1
4 to 1— Falerian. 110 (Mclntyre) G 5 ij 3 n
Time. 1:46. Start good. Won easily. Winner.
J. A. Wernberg's b. g. by Prime Minister-
Sarah Kimbro. Martius 96, Triumvir 105.
Chockayotte 98, Aveneer 102. Perry Waddell
03. Laiigford James 98, Mingore 103, finished
as named.
First race — Ethel's Pride, Dorothy
Dodd, Stella M.
Second race — Madoc, Bob Curt, Bird
Pond.
Tiiird race — Felix Mozzes, Lasso,
Jack Morun.
Fourth race — Flora WiUouRhby,
Taby Tosa, I.ubin.
Fifth race — Gay Lizzette, Mafalda,
Light Opera.
Sixth race — Marlin, Frank Rice,
Triple Silver.
Condition of the track — Fast
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Oct 24.— Seattle's errors
were not only costly but came so fast
that It was difficult to chalk them
down. For three innings it did not
make any difference who got hold of
the ball, a misplay followed. Newton
pitched a steady game and was master
of the situation at all times. He was
well supported all around. Hewlett,
formerly a Pacific National * League
player, will hold down third for Seattle
during the remainder of the season.
There has been a big hole at third.
The score: -X'jJl
Seattle — i Los Angeles —
AB. K. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Van H,cf 4 0 0 3 OiBernrd.cf 4 0 0 3 0
Mohlr,2b 5 0 2 2 . liFlood. 2b 4 0 16 1
Blkno,3b 4 0 0 1 1 JSpith.Sb 5 110 3
FrlskT If 3 1 0 2 , 0 Cravth.rf 5 2 12 0
Leahy, c 4 11 6 2 Chase lb 3 2 1 11 0
CSmth.rf 4 112 OlTeman.ss 5 10 14
Hall, us 4 0 2 1 3 Roes, If 4 1 2 0 0
James.lb 4 0 2 10 olspies. c 4 115 2
Hickey.p 4 0 0 0 7 Newton,p 4 12 0 3
Totals 36 8 8 27 14 Totals 33 - 0 9 27 13.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle *... 0 1 0 2 0 0 0 0 0— S
Base hits 02031010 1 — 8
Los Angeles 00062100 1 — 9
Baae hits 0 111110 0 1—9
SUMMARY.
Errors— Van Haltren (2). Blankenship (2).
Hickey, Frisk. Leahy (2). Hall. James 12), To
man. Newton. Stolen bases — Cravath, Chase,
Frisk. Two-base hits — C. Smith, Newton. Three
base hit — J. Smith. Sacrifice hits — Bernard.
Flood. Chase. Van Haltren. Bases on balls —
Off Hickey 2. Hit by pitched ball— Frisk.
Struck out — By Hickey 4, by Newton 6.
Time of game — One hour and forty minutes.
Umpire — McDonald.
BASEBALL MEN' MEET.
California Well Represented at Gath-
erlne In New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24. — The annual
meeting of the National Association of
Baseball Leagues opened here to
day. Representatives of twenty-three
leagues, containing 168 clubs, were
present. Late in the afternoon the
national board went into executive
session* to consider thirty-one disputed
and formally submitted questions.
Among those present are: Eugene
F. Bert of San Francisco, presidentfeof
the Pacific Coast League; Henry Har
ris, president of the San Francisco
club; Cal Ewing, president of the Oak
land club of the Pacific Coast League,
and James F. Morley, president of the
Los Angeles club.
AGAIN WINS HONORS
AT THE PARK COURTS
Miss Santa Van Vliet Victorious De
spite Heavy Odds Offered Op
ponent Tennis Players.
Miss Santa Van Vliet, the clever
young tennis player from the Presidio,
again carried off the third class hon
ors at the park courts. Having won
the cup when it was last played for
she was again allowed to play in this
class. She had. to give . all her op
ponents the large odds of "30." De
spite this handicap she went through
the class without losing a set She
allowed Miss G. Sayler odds of "30"
yesterday and lost only one game in
two sets. The score was 6-0, 6-1.
Miss Van Vliet will be allowed to
play In the third class until she wins
the cup three times. She has already
won it twice. She belongs properly
to the first class and It is doubtful if
there is a lady player at the park who
can beat her. Miss Van Vliet is the
daughter of Major Van' Vliet a well
known . athlete and clever tennis
player. '
The young ladies will participate in
another tournament on Saturday.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean
First race — Careless, Trossachs,
Foxniead.
Second race — Bishop Poole. J. B.
Smith, Arc Ught.
Third race — Mayor Johnson, Rusk,
Nannie Hodge.
Fourth race — Brnncas, Martinmas,
Hiizzah.
Fifth race — Little Elkln, Ben
Chance, Charlie Miller.
Sixth race — Ivan the Terrible, Col
onel Ruppert, Jiichael Byrnes.
Condition of the track — Fast.
Eddie Graney was appointed referee
"of the Britt-Gans fight by James Cof
froth, manager of the Shasta Club, at
Harry Corbetfs last night. Al Herford
accented him with as good gTace as a
child swallowing- castor oil. •
"But" insisted Gana* manager,
"Spider Kelly must be kept quiet. I've
got no objections to Spider, but he's
noisy. I want a penalty. leviedNon any
man in the Britt corner that makes a
disturbance. Spider can hypnotize a
house and raise a demonstration that
might influence a local referee."
"You're on," agreed Impresario
Brother William Britt. "And the pen
alty applies to any man in . the Gans
corner who gets too gay with the chln
muslc."
PEXAI/rr OX "SPIDER."*
"It applies to Spider Kelly wherever
he is," insisted Herford. "Make the
penalty $1000 and put it on paper."
"The penalty goes with me," agreed
Willie Britt. But it was not put in
black and white, James Coffroth guar
anteeing that no overenthusiastic dem
onstration in corners would be permit
ted.
The conference started late and pro
ceeded like an ice wagon. Willie Britt
Insisted on a local man. naming Graney
and Eddie Smith. Herford looked tired
and changed the subject. The talk
switched to automobiles and pink teas.
Willie stalled and Herford kidded; Wil
lie beefed and Herford hummed. The
hands of the clock went round and
round and the conference looked sleepy.
Mike Fisher, manager and trainer of
the Tacoma Tigers, was a visitor to
It was J. Coffroth to the rescue.
"There's been more trouble about se
lecting a referee for this fight than any
I have ever heard of," he said. "I ap
point Eddie Graney, a man that I know
and that all San Francisco knows. Will
you take him, Herford?"
The manager of Gans looked as
though he was asked to swallow a
strychnine capsule. "All right," he
said, "but Spider Kelly has got to keep
quiet." :.>.'.-;<.-:
Billy Roach, who was regarded as a
candidate for referee, was present when
the conference opened but departed
when the talk began to lag. Britt ad
mitted at one time that he would stand
for Jim Morrison of Seattle if a suitable
local man could not be selected. Mc-
Carey of Los Angeles wired suggesting
Charles Eyton.
FISHER VISITS BRITT.
Jimmy Britt's quarters at Croll's Gar
dens in Alameda yesterday. The base
ball magnate waa so well impressed
with the little fighter's appearance
that he ventured the remark that he
considered Biitt good enough to be
come a member of his champion base
hit sluggers. Fisher was accompanied
by a delegation of other sporting men.
who observed Jimmy critically as he
went through his usual gymnasium
work. This Included four rounds of
boxing with Frank Rafael and bouts
with the punching bag and medicine
ball. The skipping rope was also
brought into play and Britt'went over
it several hundred times with the
grace of a ballet dancer. .
In the morning Britt covered eight
miles on the road and after returning
took to the mat, where he wrestled
vigorously for twenty minutes with
-Tiv" Kreling. Spider Kelly was ex
pected to. take charge of Britt's camp
yesterday, but was unable to do so be
cause of illness. He Intends to go over
to Alameda to-day, there to remain
until Britt shall have completed his
training 1 .
Joe Gans started his last week's
training for his battle with Jimmy
Britt at Billy Shannon's villa yester
day. Joe was at it hammer and tongs
and displayed more vim and energy
than he has shown during the present
siege of training.
The nearer the date of the fight the
happier Joe becomes.
He was up at daylight this morning
and took a jog to Corte Madera and
back, a distance of twelve miles. After
a brisk rubdown he sauntered around
the camp singing the latest songs and
joshing his training mates.
After lunch he got busy In the nan
and showed a strong desire to work.
SO3IE FAST TRAINING.
He was scheduled to box four rounds
with Kid Sullivan, but at the expira
tion of the bout he begged the kid to
make it ten rounds. The kid. who
was very tired, hesitated, but finally
relented. The pair again went at it In
a furious manner, but at the end of
the seventh round Sullivan begged off.
The champion then did his usual gym
stunts. He Jumped the rope 800 times,
punched the bag and medicine bag,
pulled the weights and twisted the
wrist machine. A stiff rundown fol
lowed. Gans still weighs in the neigh
borhood of 13414 pounds.
When asked about that all impor
tant weight question he answers with
a grin, "Easy."
SAN FRANCISCANS WIN MEDALS
IN NATIONAL SHOOTING CONTEST
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— The results of
the annual outdoor championship
matches of the United States Revolver
Association for 1904, which were held
during the meeting of the New York
Rifle Association, fr.om September 12 to
17; inclusive, have Just been announced.
The matches were continued at Creed
moor, N. Y.; Boston; Springfield,
Mass.; Chicago; St. Louis and San
Francisco.
The first prize, a silver cup, for the
revolver championship of the "United
States and a gold medal, were won by
Dr. I. R. Calkins at Springfield. His
total score was 451 with fifty shots at
fifty yards. This score was three points
less than that made by J. E. Gorhman
at San Francisco last year. C. F.
Armstrong, at Creedmoor, won the
second prize and J. B. Crabtree, at the
same range, the third.
The pistol championship of the Unit
ed States was won by Dr. E. H. Kess
ler at SL Louis, with a total score of
464. This is a new record, beatin? that
made by Thomas Anderson last year ..
by seven points. Dr. Calkins at Spring
field and J. B. Crabtree at Creedmoor
won the second and third prizes re
spectively.
The silver bowl, representing the mil
itary revolver championship of th»
United States, •was won by Thomas An
derson at Creedmoor with a total of
685, beating Lieutenant R. H. Sayre's
score of last year by twenty points.
The latter won second prize this year
with 543 points and Lieutenant M. H.
Smith, at Creedmoor, third prize with
534.
The military record match was won
by Thomas Anderson with a scors of
206. Lieutenant Sayro captured ascend
prize and A- L» Hlmmel Wright third
prize, both at Creedmoor.
George Frahm of San Francisco won
a medal In the "any" revolver Tn B f^ft.
with a score of 405 and August Hayiik©
of San Francisco a medal for pistol
shooting, scor* 442.
"Wise and "W. Saalbers. and X. J.
Ascheim, the grand secretary.
Mr. Wolf will leave this moraine at
9 o'clock for Stanford Unirerslty.
where he will spend the day aa the
guest of David Starr Jordan. Ha will
address the students there in the after
noon. He will leave for th« East to
morrow night fcy way of Portland. Or.
SUPERVISORS MUST.— City Attorney lens
yesterday rendered an opinion that all &»
mands on the funds of the Fir* Departmaet
other than talary demands must b« appro»»g
by the Board of Supervisors aa r-qulr-d br
section 13. chapter 3. artlcl* 8 of the charter
before the same can be approved by th» Au
ditor.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— Only a small
sized crowd attended the races at
Worth this afternoon. There was an
ordinary card, and the cold, disagree
able weather served to keep all but
the regulars away. The sensation of
the afternoon came in the third race
when The Crisis, an odds-on favorite,
was defeated by New Mown Hay.
Rough riding, which went unnoticed
by the Judges, won the race for New
Mown Hay, backed from 16 to 5 down
to 14 to 5. Head and head at the far
turn, Robbins, who rode New Mown
Hay, evidently pulled In on the favor
ite, causing Hoffier to pull up on The
Crisis and the filly, fell back to fourth
place. New Mown. Hay then went on,
taking a good lead In the stretch and
was never headed, winning by two
lengths. After recovering from the
interference. The Crisis closed stoutly
and took second place easily. Sum
mary: ; -' : v t-| '.:; ;
FIRST RACS-Six furlongs; »eMng: four
year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. 8t % Fin.
0 to 2— Automat!on,105 (Lynch) 14 2 14
JS, to ?~I^ m Reed . 107 (Romlll) 9 6 n 2 2
300 to 1— Dr. Moody. 107 (Foley) 8 7 n 3 2
Time. 1:13 2-6. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, H. Hernden & Co.'s b. h. (6) by
Autocrat- Von Hera. Canajoharle 107, Four
Leaf C 102. The Musketeer 110. Julia Junkln
102, Mary McCafferty 102, Corbetfs Bay 107.
JNinesap 102. Joe Frey 110, Postman, 102,
Flaunt 102, finished as named
The race won by Carbuncle was run
to suit that old gelding. . He is the
legitimate successor to the once fa
mous Barnum and the no less well
remembered Blitzen, both known as
"iron horses" in their respective peri
ods and both now approached in point
of popularity by Carbuncle, who is
noted for having one run, which, if
the pace is not too fast, usually lands
him somewhere near the front.
The pood thing in Carbuncle's race
to-day was the much improved Ethics,
which, it was reported, was brought
over from the Gravesend course for a
"killing." War Whoop was able to
make the pace very fast The finish
was much closer than was anticipated,
as War Whoop, under the whip, was
within a head of Carbuncle at the end,
with Ethics a good third- Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; for three-year
olds and up; selline:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1—R.L. Johnston, 108 (Burne) 3 3 1 1 h
10 to 1— Confessor. 9S (Travers)... 2 1^21
12 to 1— KitUe Platt 104 (Davis). 5 2 h 3 1
Time. 1:14 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. Mrs. J. Blute's ch. c by Bannock
burn-Disproof. Monacorder. Gold Fleur, Calm
ness, Hlldebrand, Ike S, Receo, Auto Hood,
Iron Heart. High Life, Cloverhampton, Dazzle.
St. Margrave, Toe Chanticler, Pygmalion and
Red Ruler finished as named.
JAMAICA, Oct. 24.— Two races at
the Jamaica track to-day were
won by the patient, and, when neces
sary, bold riding of Arthur Redfern.
For E. R. Thomas the jockey won^the
fifth race on Cloyerland and. for B? T.
Wilson Jr. he won the sixth' race on
Carbuncle. Both were won by waiting
to the stretch turn, where his op
ponents, by swinging a trifle wide, gave
him the opportunity he needed and
when the time came he sent both
Cloverland and Carbuncle up next the
rail and achieved success by very nar
row margins.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Oxford, Acile, Myopia.
Second race — Funny Side, Topic, Yi
ona.
Third race — Belligerent, Niblick,
D'Arkle.
Fourth race— Canteen, Ix>rd Badse,
Orthodox.
Fifth race — Garnish, Old England,
Glisten.
Sixth race — Inspiration, Sunray, My
Buela.
Condition of the Track — Good.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
j Major Delmar stepped the first quar
ter in 31 seconds, the half In 1:00»» and
the three-quarters pole was passed in
l:30\i. In th? run home he tired and
passed the judges' stand in 2:01V*.
Dan Patch, the pacing champion, was
Ft-r.t against his own unpaced mark of
1:&9»4. but he failed to equal this rec
ord. Both Delmar and Patch were ac
companied by runners on the side.
Summary-: : -
T»w> Sunny South. 2:13 pace, two in thre«.
j^ofXi — The Broncho won two etraieht heats
Jn 2:OT and 2:C*,H AFh Rose. Birdie B. Mon
nut and Three Fe«i8 for One Cent ilso started.
2:1U paw. two In three. $10CO— Gayety won
two stmipht heat* in 2:12»i and 2:09«i. Dr.
Francis. Delpha and Angelin Wilkee al*o
tiarted.
2::«» jaw, two in three. $1000 — Funiiton won
two FiraiEht heats in 2:14^4 and 2:15%i. Erral
I> and Dcnita also started.
2:12 trot, amateur drivers — Imogene won the
f.r*t and third heats in 2:12 1 4 and 2:13*4- I
Liv»- won the second heat in 2:16 L i.
2:07 pace, amateur drivers, two in three (un
finished) — Dry Monojile won th* firet heat in
2:10' 4 . I>cn N won the second heat in 2:C9^i.
Grren Line also started.
Mcjor Delmar to beat 2:Ol«i. trotting— Time
by quarters. :31. l:v0%. l:30U. 2:01 »i- -"C
Pan Patch, to beat »:5»W. pace— Time by
quarters. :30, :59* 4 . 1:30, 2:00»4.
MEMPHIS, Oct. 24.— Major Delmar, I
owned by E. E. Smathers of New York !
and driven by Aita McDonald, estab
lished a new world's record for un
paeed trrtters at the Memphis Driving
Park tr-day when he circled the track j
in 2:01 l i. The previous mark was
2:01^i, hold jointly by Major Delmar *
and Lou Dilkon. To-day's performance
mrma cheered by a large crowd and
horsemen generally were of the opinion ¦
that had the weather conditions been
more favorable the son of Delmar
would have made even a lower mark.
A cold wind was blowing up the home
stretch, which materially lessened the
EI>eed of the horse In the final effort
for the wire. !
Ethics, Which Was Looked to
for a "Killing," Finishes
in Third Place.
HORSES PICKED TO
WIN TO-DAY.
The Crisis, Odds On Favorite,
Beaten Out at Worth by
New Mown Hay.
Eleven Errors by Northern
Players Taken Advantage
Of by Morley's Aggregation
lie Lowers Old 31 ark of Lou
Dillon and Himself by
Just One Half a Second
BAD RACING WEATHER
NEWTON FOOLS BATTERS
Herford Insists That Spider
Kelly Be Restrained From
Making Any Demonstration
in Clever Style He Brings Both
CSoverfand and Carbuncle First
Under the Wire at Jamaica Track
Seattle Team Puts Up Miser
able Exhibition in Game
With Men From the South
Tupaced Hie Speedy Son of
Del mar Circles the Course
at Memphis in 2:0VA
REDFERN RIDES IN RARE FORM
TROTTER DOES
A FAST MILE
ANGELS DEFEAT
THE SIWASHES
GRANEY IS APPOINTED
REFEREE OF THE GANS
BRITT FIGHT BY CLUB
NEW WORLD'S TROTTING RECORD IS ESTABLISHED BY MAJOR DELMAR
; JEAN CASANAVE UNDER 'ARREST FOR
FRAUD. — Jean Casanave, alias Juan Casanova
who came to this port several weeks ago from
Havana, was arrested ¦ by • United States Immi
grant ¦ Inspector • D. J.: Griffiths last - Saturday
nlRhtiin^ the Eureka Valley Laundry on »
charge , of , being: : Illegally : la ~ the • countrr. ¦ Ha
will be deported to Havana. f ""
I . FRESNO. Oct. 24.— Treasurer Wor
jey of the Pacific . Coast League an
nounced to-night' that the November
programme of the league would be
changed. Seattle and: Oakland will
play the week commencing November
2 i in Oakland instead of : Fresno. The
first game. here. will be between Taco
ma ¦ and ! Seattle " on ' November 8." The
change was ' made because of the fact
that it < was ' conceded that Seattle and
Oakland are not drawing ' cards here.
Change in Game Schedule.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 24.— The Chronicle
said to-day:
"Sam Berger, the amateur heavy
weight - champion, of San Francisco,*
who passed through St. Louis on his
way to the coast yesterday, is seriously
considering the advisability of becom
ing a professional. It is reported he
is arranging a match with 'Kid' McCoy
or 'Philadelphia Jack* O'Brien. He
says he has an offer to meet McCoy
in San Francisco.
"In that case, Berger better have
his measurements taken immediately
for a coffin. Berger' has as much li
cense to Join the professional heavy
weight class as Abe Attell has to meet
Jeffries. Berger is the poorest sample
of an amateur heavyweight champion
that ever entered the ring. « If the
Calif ornian decides to 'Jump' to the
'pro' camp; and succeeds in getting on
with ; McCoy or O'Brien, It would not
surprise followers of the game who
witnessed his exhibition in the recent
tournament if he also annexed; the
'running broad Jump* record about the
time the gong rang for the first
round."
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
The reception tendered by the B'nal
B'rith Society to Simon Wolf, the pres
ident of the executive committee of the
constitution, Grand Lodge B'nal B'rith,
drew an immense crowd to Lyric Hall
last night. All the prominent members
of the B'nal B'rith^order were present,
besides leading members of other He
brew societies here. There were also
among the audience many persons well
known in religious, business and social
walks of life In this city. A large num
ber of ladles were In attendance, who
took a great interest in the proceedings
and applauded the gifted speakers
whenever opportunity offered.
The .hall was decorated with flags.
The rostrum was covered with the'na
tional colors and plants and palm
trees decked the . stage. Enthusiastic
applause greeted the remarks of the
speakers.
M. H. Wascerwitz, grand president
of district No. 4, was chairman. He
introduced the visitors In a few fitting
and well-timed remarks. As Mr. Wolf
stepped to the front of the statre he
was given an ovation. His address was
confined to the aims and purposes of
the order of which he is the world's rep
resentative. He spoke of the great
work the society had done for the re
lief and the betterment of the Russian
Jews during their recent troubles In
Europe. He* also told. of. the vast
amount of work and the frreat erood
this society was constantly doing for
the Jewish emigrants coming into this
country. He said the society was'al
ways ready and willing to assist when
its. services were required. He also
tried to impress in a forceful manner
the necessity of all young Hebrew men
Joining this society.
At the conclusion t)f Mr. ; Wolfs re
marks a large portion- of the vast au
dience, went -up on the stage to shake
hands with him. Among those who as
sisted on the platform were : First .Vice
President H. K. . Ascher. Second Vice
President Benjamin .* Schloss. Grand
Treasurer Benjamin Harris. Past
Grand Presidents A. Jonas. Walter
St. Louis Paper Comments
on the Californian's Plan
to Become a Professional
President of Grand Lodge
B'nai B'rith Is Eecipient
of Tremendous Ovation
HANDS BERGER
A WARM ROAST
BIG RECEPTION
TO SIMON WOLF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25., 190*.
Every time : a ,, widower; looks at an
unmarried woman the gossips get busy.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. ; 24.— Frederick : Samuel
State, a native of this city, fell ' from u log
ging train on the El Dorado Lumber Company's
railroad' above; Flacervllle la»t Saturday, .re
ceivlng- Injuries to his head and spine that re
sulted in his death a few hours latar. ¦
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth mllea;
four- year-olds and up: ££. ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. " SL ?J Fin.
4 to 1 — Second Mate. 103 (Dkson) 4 3 1 141 h
\~ to 1— <5»o. Vhrtan. 100 (Wliams) 5 4 3 2 2
10 to 1 — Judge Cantrill.105 (Sclly) 2 2 1%3 1
Time, 1:56H. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. G. H. Neal & Co.'s b. h. (4) by First
M&te-Vera. Bare* 08. Golden Light lt)5 Sa
bot 100. Blrchwood 100. , Drummond 104* 'and
Pat's Choice 103 finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. • Horse, W*Uht. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
7 to 1 — MIj* Betty. S8 (Williams). 4 1 1U1 ii
4 to 1 — Orient. 98 (Austin) S 2h 2%
4 to 1 — Bengal. 87 (Dickson). 1 3^3h
.Time, 1-.48H. Start jrood. "Won driving.
"Winner. Martin & Walker'* ch. f. (3) by St.
Georee-Free Will. Pathos 100. Sambo 110 and
Ivernla 97 finished as named .*,S»sa
Sixth ¦ race, one mlln — "W. R. Condon won
The Major second. Pettljohn third. Time, 1:«;
Fifth race. steeplechase, full course
Schwanrwald won. Sweet Jane second, Spririe
water third. Time, , 4:00.
Fourth, race, six furlongs — Tyrollan won,
Tom Shelly second, Loretta M third. Time,
1:13. BV'IflpMhfl^ncBMMMiHMBM^Suoaiikd
6
Ar^VElM^^IEXTS.
Columbus, Ohio, Hay 20, 1903.
Six years ago I had a severe attack of
Inflammatory Rheumatism. I was laid tip
in bed for six months, and the doctors I
bad did me no good. They changed med-
icines every week and nothing they pre-
scribed seemed to help me. Finally I be-
pan the use of S. S. S. My knee and! elbow
joints were swollen terribly, and at one
tick my joints were so swollen and pain-
ful that I could not close them when
opened. I was so bad that I could not
move knee or foot. I was-getting discour-
aged, yon may be sure, when I began S. S.
S. , but as I saw it was helping me I contin-
ued it, and to-day I am a sound well "»n
and have never had a return of the disease.
S. S. S. purified my blood and cured me
of this severe case of Rheumatism after
everything else had failed. I have rec-
coramended . it to others with good re-
sults. R. H. Chapman.
1355 Mt. Vernon Ave.
The poisonous adds that produce the in-
flammation and pain are absorbed into the
blood and Rheumatism can never be con-
quered till these are neutralized and fil-
tered out of the blood and system. S. S. S.
goes directly into the circulation and at-
tacks the disease itself. It purifies and re-
f tores the blood to a healthy, . vigorous
condition. It contains no potash, alkali or
t£r\ bF^ tisQ erals, but is guar-
>£n Iwj^ cians will advise
fcb*J§r PWey EkJor OurbookonRheu-
•jy^r H3t^ •JQgfF matism sent free.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Gsu
ATlVi^nTTCTTMI^M'IV.
SICK HEADACHE
T""" i """"T'" "™^~ « 'iPodtlf^lf cwicsl ¥y
ft i DTr DO Ukesa 1JLxtle PU1 **
BBS tress tr?si rysTfjsi*. Ia»
BipiTTLE fll^tstioaaiiTtoHjArtr
S3 IWPn EatSi;. A petsct rea-
fc3 lwtl\ c£j for TffTT^ess. Kisses
Pi PILLS. Dnrwstoess. Bad Txsta
51 B3I to MotOX Oca^d
F^'I^^tiJ Tonjne, P»in In tUs Silo,
i ITORrTD UTSR. T&ej
regnlato toe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMA11 DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
carters! cube sick B£adacB£>
sfllrrTiE Genuine Must Bear
1 LVf ? Fac-SimiJa Signature
j^ikEvery Woman
fi/lO$?»Mr>HtA atwnt Us« wonderful
fcSW'iMfl MARVEL *l*«ing Spray
"""""i-"^-
A**i««r<ntxtothrtt. X /tl s**^^"
1» he cunnot supply the V. Mtomr»—rZ~y^
ctber. bat Mad uaa» for 1^ J~^Z?wXs
tlhtstratedttook-MM. Ititrr. >V / , f
roll parUcnlanaad direction* |i». h ~ / m
raltuble to ladle » «»n»»:LCO.,^J B
* & Park Ilo *r . X e w \ • r k.
JKN« Montgomery, San Francisco. CaL
Vrlulam lUtterota (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. *0O Sutter and 100 Stockton.
OsKood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland
¦Baldwin Pharmacy u» Ellis
SUMMER RESORTS.
HOSTS noms HOTEL- On Tomal««
i?ay. Good table and aocemmodatlons. Hous*
ras-Utfited. Prices very reaaonabi*. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. M»—h«"t. Maria Count/. CaJ.The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1 e., st noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT ¦
Lieutenant, TJ. 8. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal
October 24, 1904. * "
:TOUR PRINTING ON TIME.— Gabriel Print-
Ins; Co. print anything. 419 Sacramento St.' •
NEW YORK, Oct 24.— Frank Gus
tafson, a convicted murderer, who was
to "have/ been 'sentenced r to "death"; in
the electric chair, committed suicide
during J the night by ' hanging himself
in ,|his i cell in the Tombs Prison by
fastenim;-' hi"J leather , belt , to the" Iron
rail ' at ; f the :' head < of '; : his ' bed. ", On; the
night . of ' June . 1 last Gustaf son shot
his wife. :-.:¦¦¦¦;.
Prisoner Cheats the Chair.
George H. Lent yesterday petitioned
for letters of administration upon the
estate : of his sister, ; Fannie A. Lent
the young : society .woman " who took
her own life last morning.
The S petitioner, says a search < has ' been
made, but no will ; found. :. The ; estate
is valued at $6000, ofwhich; J5746 80
is in.cash'on deposit inthe Bank of
Calif ornia."*SSaS«<gSs > '
Fannie A. I^ent'g Estate.
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham will give a
costume recital of "Macbeth" at Lyric
Hall to-night' Bhe , is very popular ' in
society : circles, where her elocutionary
gifts are greatly admired. A larger and
fashionable audience is expected. She
will repeat the < : same programme Satur
day, afternoon. •
; NAPA, Oct 24.— Bert Logan, a
young man who has been a laborer
about; St ; Helena for- a < number of
years,, was arrested to-day on a charge
of -burglary.. Logan » forced his .way
into a saloon at St Helena at. night
and stole a : large quantity ot liquor in
bottles. He, tried to dispose 3 of it in
St Helena Saturday, and was captured
by^ Marshal Dockery. "V
St. Helena Burglar Caught.
Coal Company's Office Blown. Up.
DANVILLE, \Wash., Oct 24.— The
office of the Vesuvius Coal Company
was wrecked by an explosion of dyna
mite to-day. The explosion occurred
immediately after the foreman and a
few ' other employes of the company
had been dismissed for various rea
sons.
' The workers in the mine have tak
en a part . of the. corporation's stock
and some of those who were dismissed
a few days ago were stockholders.
Their portion was 'small,', but -the dis
missal " from the : company's service
was received with bitterness because
of the fact - l that;. the men who were
turned adrift owned stock. .
PRAISES THE PRISON.— Oentrsl Caett
Clay of the Department of Jostle* returned
to this city "after having made an inspection*
of the State penitentiary at San Qnentln. H«'
says that the United States prisoners in that'
Institution are treated as well there as they
are in any other penal institution in the coun
try. - He found, however, that the prison was
old-fashioned and obsolete in Its arrange*
merits, besides being overcrowded, as many a*
five men occupying tha tame cell. General
Clay spoke tn praise of Warden Tompklns*
management.
Almaden Mines Still Running.
SAN JOSE, Oct 24. — A rumor that
the famous Almaden quicksilver mines
near this city had been shut down was
denied to-day by Superintendent Dar
by, who stated that a few old pros
pects had been abandoned and twen
ty-five men . discharged. Otherwise
the mines are running as usual. /
WASHINGTON, Oct 24.— Henry T,
Scott' of 'San Francisco called at th»
White House to-day. U. S. Grant JrV
of California also called on the Pres
ident, v
President Receives Calif ornian*.
WASHINGTON, Oct 24. — Lieuten
ant J. K. Tausslg, United States navy,
when discharged from treatment at
the naval hospital at Mare Island, will
be granted three months' sick leave.
Warrant Machinist W. R. Qulnn, re
cently ordered to the Boston, • Is or
dered fhstead detached from treat
ment at the naval hospital at Mare
Island to the Independence.
Navy Orders.
CHICAGO, Oct 24. — John Alexan.
der Dowie, it was reported to-day, has
chosen a spectacular hour for the pub
lic announcement of the names of his
twelve apostles. Dowie will introduce
them at an dll-nlght. meeting .in Zlon
City, while noise is running riot all
over the country at midnight, Decem
ber 31.
Will Hold an AU-Xlght Meeting at
Which He Will Announce
His Choice,
Suits for divorce, were filed by . Is
rael Friedman against Rosle Fried
man for desertion; Gertrude A. Wood
against Clarence Wood, desertion and
neglect: Clarabell Randle against Jo
seph R. Randle, neglect; Lillian M.
Townsend against Clarence F. Town
send, desertion and neglect; Emily J.
Howard againstt Frank P. Howard,
cruelty.
Judge Murasky yesterday heard evi
dence in the suit of Emily L. Colburn
against Ernest Colburn, a dentist, for
maintenance. While he had not pro
vided her with a satisfactory home
and was sometimes given to drink, the
husband said that he was willing to
take his wife backi She at first said
that it would be useless for her to re
turn, but later declared that, she
might consider it if he would pledge
himself to abstain from liquor. Judge
Murasky reserved decision in the case
until the Colburns have an inter
view looking toward a reconciliation".
Divorces were granted yesterdayj by
Judge Murasky to Edifn E. Jones
from Jesse H. Jones for desertion and
by Judge Hebbard to . Elizabeth
Strohm from Elmer Strohm for cru
elty.
Hearing of Maintenance Suit Develops
Prospect of Colburn's Kcconcll
1/N latlon— Divorce Cases.
SEATTLE, Oct. 24. — The steamer
Senator arrived here from Nonas to
day, bringing 439 passengers and'
$250,000 in -gold dust: At the time
of the sailing of the Senator from
Nome the weather was good and thero
was no Indication of an early freeze.
Senator Carries Nome Gold.
DOWIE TO NAME APOSTLES
AS THE NEW YEAR DAWNS
DENTISTS WIFE MATt
COME BACK TO HIM
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 24. — Governor
Pardee this morning granted a fur
ther reprieve of two weeks to Wil
liam Buckley, who was sentenced to
be hanged next Friday for the mur
der of George Rice In San Francisco
in October, 1901. The reprieve was
granted upon affidavits * by Buckley's
attorney, who claims that sufficient
new evidence has been secured to
prove that Buckley is innocent.
Further Reprieve for Buckley.
.RIVERSIDE, Oct. 24. — Judge West
of Orange County, sitting for Judga
Noyes, to-day handed down a decision
in the case of the county of Riverside
vs. the Yawman-Erbe Company.
The court holds that the county must
pay the plaintiff's bill of $22,
500 for metal furniture. Tha bill was'
contracted without advertising for,
bids and County Auditor Clancy held'
up the bill on the ground that com
petitive bids should have been in
vited. £
Must Pay for Furniture.
Mabel last night dreamed again that
she saw her mother, dead in a chair.
The girl was greatly disturbed and
arose early, going into her mother's
room to see whether she was all right.
She found her sitting in a chair, just
as pictured in the dream, with her
head drooping over on one shoulder,
and on going to her side the girl dis
covered that her • mother was dead.
Heart disease had killed her.
HOBOKEN, N. J., Oct 24. — Mabel
Roberts, 13 years of age, of this city
dreamed last Thursday night that she
saw her mother.Mrs. Mary E. Roberts,
sitting dead in a chair. The 'next
morning she told about it and Mrs.
Roberts laughingly said that dreams
went by contraries, and that dreaming
of death meant marriage. •
Fate of Woman Twice Foretold to
Daughter as the Latter
Sleeps.
DREAMS WARN CHILD
OP HER MOTHER'S DEATH
October 27 — 9 a. m., demonstration of Amer
ican arista papers by Frank H. Doyle; 11
a.' m., art lecture by L. P. Latlmer; 1:30
p. m., business talk by U D. Hicks; 2 p. m.,
heart to heart talks by members; 3 p. m.,
manufacturers; 7 p. m., the" Cooper-Hewitt
light demonstration by W. Lussier; 7:30 p. m.,
Eastman bromide paper demonstration; 9
p. m., demonstration . of Monarch printing
papers.
October 28 — 0 to 12 a. m., demonstration un
der the skylight, Mr. Boye's studio; 1:30 p. m..
platinum demonstration by George Peters; 2
p. m., carbon printing by T. H. Wilton; elec
tion of officers; 9 p. m., grand ball.
October 28 — 0 a. m.. opening: of the conven
tion and inspection of pictures by members;
10:30 a. tn., ¦ninmJ address by President O.
H. Boye: 11 a. m.. art lecture and • criticism
of pictures by J. W. Gamble: 1 p. m., dem
onstration of defender printing out and devel
oping of papers; 2 p. tn., demonstration of am
monium chloride printing process by O. V.
Lange; S p. m., studio lighting under the sky
light, Mr. Boye's studio, Market street; 8
p. m., public exhibition and promenade con
cert.
The Photographers' Association of
California will hold its second an
nual convention October 26, 27 and 28
in the art gallery of the Mechanics'
Pavilion. Its membership is large,
having on its rolls the names of men
who .have made California famous for
artistic photography all over the world.
The official programme is as follows:
California Association for Advancing
Artistic Photography to Have
Three-Day Session.
PHOTOGRAPHERS WILL
HOLD CONVENTION" HERE
WASHINGTON', Oct. 24.— The Pan
ama Canal Commission held a long ses»
sion to-day at which bids for supplies
and a number of other matters in
cident to construction work were acted
upon. The award of the contracts for
supplying 2.600,000 feet of lumber, ag
gregating approximately $30,000. for
which bids were opened on October 6,
was subsequently announced.
The Bellingham Bay Company of
San Francisco, operating in the Puget
Sound region, was awarded the con
tract for 2,100,000 feet and the Con
tinental Lumber Company of Houston,
Tex.; for 500,000 feet. The award for
supplying the large number of steel
cars needed will be announced to-mor
row.
BELLINGHAM, Wash., Oct. 24.— The
first order for lumber. for the Panama
canal construction has been received
by Bellingham mills and It is said to
be the forerunner for enormous quan
tities required on the Isthmus. A little
more than 2.000,000 feet will be supplied
in the initial consignment, intended for
construction of houses along the canal
route. Shipments will . begin at an
early date and delivery will be made
at Ancon. The mills will begin cutting
this week. One vessel is expected
within the next few days.
A translated copy of the poem was
also presented to the President. The
author is Israel Fine of Baltimore.
The poem, which is on parchment In
Hebrew characters, recites the exploits'
of Roosevelt and especially commends,
his part in the Kishenev affair. On©
of the verses runs as follows:
" For Kishenev he held his hand.
To stricken martyrs without land;
He sounded keynotes full of heart.
For Judea's children torn apart.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 24.— President
Roosevelt will celebrate the forty-sixth
anniversary of his birth next Thurs
day. Anticipating this event a delega
tion of Hebrews from Baltimore called'
at tho White House this morninsr to"
extend congratulations and were Intro-'
duced by Representative Wachter of
Maryland. They presented a - manu
script copy of highly laudatory verses,
written and read to the President by.
one of their number.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
rlren is subtracted from tha depth given by
the charts. The plane Preference Is the mean
of, the lower low waters. ,
Bellingham Bay Company of
San Francisco Awarded
Contract by Commission
Delegation of Hebrews, An
ticipating His Birthday,
CaJls at the White House
VOICES PRAISE
OF ROOSEVELT
COAST LUMBER
FOR THE CANAL
HONOLULU, Oct. 18. — A vigorous
earthquake shock awoke the people
of Honolulu on the morninsr of Octo
ber 14 at 3:45 o'clock. The shock was
the most severe felt in years on this
island. People were awakened by a
violent shaking: of couches and beds.
The wave seems to have passed from
a southeasterly direction to the north
west or vice versa. --; The earthquake
was general througnout the islands.' ~ :
• The quake was felt at sea and the
barkentlne Encore, which arrived on
the same morning from Newcastle,
wris the first vessel to report having
experienced it. The peculiar move
ment occurred while the vessel was
about fifteen' miles off the southeast
end of Molokal. It was sufficient to
wake Captain Palmgren from his bunk
and cause him' to hurry on deck. The
marine disturbance first started' with
a noise and then the vessel trembled
violently. It sounded to Captain Palm
gren as if the vessel was scraping over
a sand bottom. ' He thought at first
she had gone aground.
Accompanied by Noise, It Caused Cap
,tain to Think That Ship
Had Grounded.
EARTHQUAKE FEI/T .
BY VESSEL OFF HAWAII
(120th Meridlan^-Paciflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 24-^-5 p. m.
The followins maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston ; .60-38 New York 54-40
Chicago 50-40 Philadelphia 54-40
Cincinnati 52-3S Pittsburs 50-3«
Jacksonville .....C6-50St Louis 50-48 '
New Orleans 68-54! Washington 62-34!
* . KAN FRANCISCO.... 70-54 • [
The following; are tha seasonal rainfalls to j
date, as compared with those of same date last I
season, and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours: •
' , [ Last This Last i
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season. I
£u«*a 0.00 4.34 3.27 i
Red Bluff ..; -0.00 8.49 0.00 '
Sacramento 0.00 5.47 0.12'
San Francisco 0.00 7.45 0.17 ;
Fi-esno 0.00 4.96 0.00 i
Independence 0.00 0 47 0.42-
San Luis Obispo..... 0.00 4.08 0.02
Los Angeles 0.00 1.13 0.43
San I>lego QXO 0.16 Q.Q7
COAST RECORD.
a • a g e w 5
I i| SB 5~ ' gf t
ATI0N> I MM a 8 ' ! 1
: . c s : : §
Baker 30.22 60 36 NW Clear lob '
Carson 30.04 .66.32 ME Clear .00'
Eureka 29.94 52 60 SW Cloudy .00 ;
Fresno 29.84 78 62 NW Clear .00
8.B Farallon.29.SS 57 63 NW Cloudy .00.
Flagstaff 29.92 64 22 XK Clear .00;
Pocatello 30.22 66 30 SW Clear .00
Independence .29.90 76 43 N Clear .00
Los Angeles... 29. S4 74 62 W Clear .00.
Mt Tamalpals. 29.90 69 54 E Clear .00 |
North Head... 29. 94 76 60 B Clear .00!
Phoenix 29.76 86 68 W Clear' .00;
Point Reyes... 29. 83 66 51 NW Foggy .00!
Portland 80.00 72 48 B Clear .00,
Red Bluff 20.84 84 62 N Clear .00 1
Roseburg 29.94 70 50 NW Clear .00!
Sacramento ..29.84 76 64 NB Clear .00 1
SaU Lako ....30.10 62 42 W dear .00
San Franclsco.29.S8 70 64' SW Clear .00 ,
San U Oblspo.2a.88 68 50 . N Clear .00 i
San Diego... 29. 84 68 60 W, Clear .00 j
Seattlo 30.12 60 48 NW Clear .00 !
Spokane 30.28 62 ,34 NB Clear .00'
TatooBh 30.00 68 48 B Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 80.22 60 44 8T Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.10 68 SO NB Clear .00 ,
Yuma ..." S3 00 j
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND OBNERAIj
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly, along; th«
Oregon and Washington coast, and there are
some indications that a disturbance may come
in from the northern coast. ,- *-• •
Rain is falling again alone; the : Mexican
boundary, and conditions are favorable for
showers In the southern portion of the valley
of the Colorado. ' _„. ,
Fog prevails along the coast of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 25:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday, possi
bly showers on the* northern coast, cooler in
the interior, fresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday, possi
bly showers In the mountains, light southwest
wind".
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
with fog: fresh southwest winds.
Los Anteles and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday.
Taoramento— Cloudy, cooler Tuesday; fresh
Fresno — Fair Tuesday, light northerly winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster. j
BOSTON, Oct. 24.— The annore^
cruiser Colorado, built for the United
States navy by William Cramp & Sons
of Philadelphia, to-day In her official
trial covered SS nautical miles in three
hours 57 minutes and 7 seconds, main
taining an hourly average speed of
22.26 knots throughout the run, ex
ceeding the speed of 22 knots called for
in the builders' contract by more than
a quarter of a knot. It is believed that
tide corrections will increase her aver
age slightly. The highest speed devel
oped was 23.33 knots and this was
maintained for six and six-tenths miles
during the homeward run.
To-day's performance rates the Colo
rado as the fastest vessel In the armor
ed cruiser. class and one of the fastest
In the navy, the only large American
ships that have ever exceeded her
speed being the .Columbia and the Min
neapolis. The engines worked smooth
ly and developed an average horse
power of 28,000 and the ponderous twin
screws whirled at an average of 12S
revolutions a minute - and at times
made 130 revolutions. The great ship
responded to the slightest touch on her
helm. ",&}¦£•¦
The trial was held over the usual
New England course. Sarting off Cape
Ann the vessel steamed 44 knots up the
coast to Cape. Porpoise, Maine, made
a brilliant turn and then started on the
run back to Cape Ann.
The weather conditions were excel
lent. The air was clear, a light wind
blew from the northwest and the sea
was very smooth. r
Eight vessels of the United States
navy were anchored as stake boats
along the course.
In turning the "Figure 8," and in
other maneuvering tests the ship gave
splendid satisfaction, particularly in
the complete turn which she made In a
circle diameter which was a little less
than twice the length of the cruiser.
WEATHER REPORT.
Great Vessel Responds to
the Slightest Touch on Her
Helm During Trial Trip
AVEKAGES 22.26 KNOTS
Colorado Proves Herself to
Be the Fastest of Uncle
Sam's Armored Cruisers
NEW WARSHIP
SHOWS SPEED
Naval Boat Unadilla
Goes Aground
Thick Fog.
LINER DORIC COMES IN FROM ASIA
Brings Rich Cargo of
Raw Silks From
the Orient.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
prinz "Wllhelm. from New York for Bremen,
and proceeded.
ANTWERP — Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Finland,
from New York
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Hohen
zollern. from New York for Genoa. Naples, etc.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Columbia,
from New York.
The Occidental and Oriental steam
ship Doric arrived yesterday from Ori
ental ports, twenty-seven days from
Hongkong:, sixteen days from Yoko
hama and five days and twenty hours
from Honolulu. She brought 2747 tons
of cargo, the principal items being
?'iks and teas, the value of the first
being 51.SO0.00O. The vessel also brings
specie to the value of 1,000,000 yen, or
$500,000. This makes the Doric's cargo
one of the most valuable landed here.
As usual with the White Star liners
the aiTival of the Doric is a day
ahead of the schedule. Among the
c.ibin passengers was Lieutenant G.
R. Fortescue, Tenth United States Cav
alry, who returned from special duty
as military attache with the Japanese
army besieging Port Arthur. Lieu
tenant T. H. Brovrn is a marine officer
recently detached from the United
Stun-s cruiser Raleigh. A. V. Penalva
is an officer in the Portuguese navy,
who is on a tour. J. W. Copman is
the general agent of the Standard Oil
Company in Yokohama and J. V. K-
Thompson is a coal operator of Union
town, Pa. J. E. McGrath is a coast
and geodetic surveyor from Manila. H.
H. Fox was until recently a British
Consul on the West River above Can
ton. David Fraser is a homeward
bound correspondent of the London
Times. He has been with the Japan
ese army and was at the battle of
Liaoyang. Mr. Fraser. expressed him
self in monosyllables and was as so
ciable as a stone Buddha, seeming to
be fearful cither that the Japanese cen
sor was yet on his trail or that the
great London Thunderer would sus
pend publication if he even remarked
that it was a fine day. W. M. Smith
is a civil engineer and H. F. Poland
and CL B. Perkins are American mer
chants in Singapore and Manila- L.
M. Harrington is an invalid returning
home to Chicago.
The following were the cabin pas
sengers:
Mrs. C. Bach. K. Bach. X*. L. Bailey. Mrs.
U L. Bailey, Lieutenant T. H. Brown, W.
Durltngace. Mrs. J. Chapman, J. W. Cop-
Tnaan, J. C. Dufresne; Lieutenant O. R. Fcr
teecue. U. 6. A.; H. H. Fox, D. Fraser. H.
Frsnke. L. M. Harrington. J. F". MacGrail,
J. E. McGrath and wile. T. Ozawa, Lieuten
ant A. V. Penalva, It. P. X.; C B. Perkins.
Mrs. C. 13. Perkln*. H. F. Poland. Mrs. H. F.
Pnland. Mies M. Plncon, J. "W. Southack. R.
Pchneidewlnd. R. Schneldewind Jr., W. M.
T. ghibata. Mrs. W. S. Stone. Master
Dudley Stone. Master Washington Stone. Mas
trr Douglas Stone. T. Suckawa, M. Takenou
chi. J. V. K- Thompson and wife.
New Slattbew Turner Craft.
The o"d Matthew Turner shipyard at Benlda
has turned out another of its famous hand
tome schooners, which ts preparing for her
initial voyage to Tahiti and the South Pacific
The \-essel is the schooner St. Michael, now at
Howard -street wharf, with carpenters and
:•:-.•.: ¦ r* putting the finishing touches on the
1 re-ttv craft.
Beeides the full suit of sails the schooner is
fcttfcd with a elxty-horsepower gasoline engine.
The boat is &5 feet long, about 25 feet beam
&nd if of nearly 7 feet draught. She is owned by
tht- March* Colonial Company of Paris and is
commanded by Captain F. Herve. Mrs. Herve,
« pretty littl« woman of FYanre, who nays sire
arJenX'y iuvea the sea and is the supercargo.
KM.eral shipkeeper and probably the first mate,
will Fail on the schooner. The interior fittings
vt the vessci are nicely arranged, including
Ftsterx>ms tor passengers with electric lights
and all the conveniences of a big liner, the '
mill sail about November L.
Passwurers From Honolulu.
v The Oceanic steamship Alameda Is due in
thfc port to-day from Honlulu. Among her
cabin p&tsergers are T. T. McCrossen. F. J.
P.icharison. Walter G. Smith. William Coney.
Mrs. G. T. Bliss and two children, J. Kirkland,
A. C. McKeon. J. O. Carter Jr.
Steamer. j From. Due.
Norwood iSeattle Oct. 25
Centvilia San Pedro Oct. 25
Pomo Point Arena ic Albion.. Oct. 25
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 25
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 25
City Panama. . New York via Ancon.. Oct. 26
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 26
Corona Humboldt Oct. 26
Curacao Mexican Port Oct. 27
Bonita Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Point Arena.. Mcndoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 27
BantaKosa... San Diego. & Way Pts. Oct. 27
Argo. Eel River Ports Oct. 27
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... iOct.
Kureka Humboldt (Oct. 28
Del Norte Crescent City ! Oct. 28
Son Pedro San Pedro Oct. 28
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 29
Breakwater... Coos Bay Oct. 30
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 30
North Fork... Humboldt Oct. 31
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 81
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. SI
Rainier Seattle & Bellltjghatn. . Oct. 31
Coos Baj San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 31
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 31
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma .... Nov. 2
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Nov. 2
Acapulco New York via Ancon.. Nov. 2
Queen Pu?et Sound Ports |Nov 2
Nevadan I Honolulu & Kahulul..|Nov. 5
TO BAIL.
Tag Unadllla Agronnd.
In the thick fog oa the bay yesterday the tug
Unadilla, from Mare Island on her way to this
city, went aground in shoal water at 1 p. m.
Just east of Angel Island. The pilot lost his
bearings, ail bell* and v.histles sounded alike
to him. and the current carried him westward
into shallow water. It was high tide, ¦•"'1 the
water receding left the pretty naval boat hard
and Cast. The fog lifting, she was seen by the
rix-er Bteamer Corcoran, which tried to pull her
Into de?p water. The Unadllla could not be
moved and the General Frirble came along
and took a hand. The combined engines of the
two strong steamers failed and the grounded
vessel was left in her bed of mud with her
forefoot entirely out of water. Late last even
ing the powerful tug Dauntless of the gpreckels
line attempted to drag the Unadllla off the
t r.cfcl, but could not do so. The stranded vessel
is resting easy on the sand, and it is thought
that at high water the nary yard tugs m-ill
fucceed in getting her off without any serious
damage to her hull.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. Oct 27
Humboldt.... Ekagway & Way Ports. Oct. 28
Farallon.. Bkagway & Way Porta. Oct. 31
Santa Clara... Beldovia St Way **orts.. Nov 1
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 25.
Redondo. ... Los Angeles Porta. 10 am Pier 2
S.Barbara.. Grays Hurbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPter •
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Algoa China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 4o
Eureka Humboldt 8 am Pier 13
October 36.
Arctic Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier U
Chico Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 2
N. Fork Humboldt 8 am I Pier 20
October 27.
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Pomo....... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Newburg.... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.. S pm Pie, 8
October 38.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 d Pier n
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor .;.. p ". _
San Pedro.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
October 29.
Point Arena. Point Arena 4 pm Pier a
Alameda Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Homer...*... Los Angelea Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Norwood Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports.. 4 pm Pier 2
October 30.
Bonlta Newport * Way... 8 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
B. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 1.
Umatllla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
November 3.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
November 4.
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
November 5.
City PanamalN. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Water FVont Notes.
The coast steamer Coos Bay, from Ban Pedro
for this port, was delayed at the Nine-Fathom
tucy yesterday afternoon with a damaged rud
der. The skipper did net care to chance the
cross currents of the entrance to this harbor
with defective 'steering- gear and awaited the
coming of a tug, which towed the steamer to
her wharf.
Seventeen regular steamers entered this port
yesterday.
The Pacific Mall steamship China will leave
the wharf at First and Bra&nan streets to-day
at 1 p. in. for the Orient. Ths freighter AI
crca is scheduled to sal* for China and Japan
from the Pacinc Mall dock at the same hour,
but It Is believed that her Immense cargo,
nearly 15.000 tons, eaanot be got on board by
that time.
The United States steamer Eennlngton will
•all Friday for Magdalena Bar. The Chilean
cruiser General Baquedano sails to-day for
I^aster Island and Valparaiso.
XEWS OF THE OCEAJT.
M n u era of Interest to Mariner* and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ships Clan Graham and Bcgel
horn are chartered for lumber from Puget
Bound to Melbourne at 31s 3d.
Monday. October 24.
U S sttn r Them Hamlet. 4 days fm Seattle.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Rogers.
Burr Elisabeth. Jensen, 42 hours fm Bandon
Btmr G C Lindauer. Allen. 68 hours from
Crays Harbor.
Firrr Newburg. Asfindsen. €8 hour* from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Monica, Otsen, €9 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound for Ban Pedro; called tn
to land passengers.
etmr Phoenix. Odland, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Alliance. Hard wick, 11 \i days from
Tortland. via Coos Bay 4 days, via Eureka
24 hours.
Stmr Chico, Martin, 46 hours from Bandon.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Gunderson, 38 hours fm
Ean Pedro. ,
Stmr Pasadena. Hendrickson. 28 hours fm
Eureka. v <-.. .
Stmr South Bay. Andreses. 38 hears from
Xarcksv.
SHIPPING IXTEWJGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Export* for the Xortlu
The ru srr.er Queen, which sailed on Saturday
for Victona, carried an assorted merchandise
cargo consljmtd to the principal British Co
lumbian ports valued at $12,871 and Including
Uie followlr.p:
11S0 ; kr.<- fresh fruits. 25 pkga fresh vegeta
bles. ST pkfs paste, 742 cs canned goods, 35,125
Sbs dried fruit. 1613 lbs coffee. 22.720 lbs malt,
::-t.r.or. Ib# salt. 916 gals 18 cs wine. 10 gal*
I:: anc"y. 10 cs syrup, 500 lbs chocolate, 6 pkgs
machinery. 134 rolls roaflag, 10 pkgs electrical
Rupplies. W» ci arms and ammunition. 1712 lbs
ooda. 5 pkgs sewing machines. 450 lbs leaf to
fjac-.-o. 210 roll» paper. 6946 lbs tin, 10 bars 8
l .-;•» iron, 50 tlna matches. 8 cs paints, 1621
lbs tallow, tt pkgrs twine, 2990 lbs fertilizer, 30
c* drus>. S37 Ibe blua»u-ne, 15 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 25 cs Uble preparations, 2225
lbs bears.
Btmr Sequoia, McClemenU. 77 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Stmr State of California, Nicolson. 42 houra
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman. 33 hour* from
Coos Bay.
Stmr la qua. Jorgenson, 54 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Centralia. Ericsson, 43 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson. 72 hours from San
Pedro.
Br stmr Doric, Smith. 27 days 15 hours 9
mln from Honpkons. via Yokohama 16 day a
11 hours 22 mln, via Honolulu 5 days 20
hours 8 mln.
BAILED.
Monday. October 21.
Stmr F A KJIburn. Thompson, Port Rogers.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Portland and As
torla.-
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr Whitesboro, Hansen, [ Greenwood.
Stmr Chas Nelson. Iversen. Eureka,
Stmr Samoa Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Gualala, Kalnin. Delmar Landing. /«
Hktn John Smith. Wick. Grays Harbor. .
Schr Advance. Oridnessen. Bandon.
Schr Newark. Retnerts*n. Stewarts Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — Oct 24. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind S; velocity 4 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Etmr State of California reports stmr Coos
Bay. from San Pedro for San Francisco,
broken down off the 9-fathom buoy.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr Coos Bay — On Oct 23. off Cayueos,
d&roajred rudder: was taken in tow Oct 24 o:
9-fathom buoy by tug Sea Rover and towed
Into port. r-
CORRECTION.
In yesterday's shipping the schr J M Weath.
erwax arrived at San Francisco from Port
Hadlock not Port Harford. as reported.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Califor-
Bian. hence Oct 20; schr Willis A Holden, fm
Shanghai. Oct 24, 10:30 a m — Stmr Geo
Loomls, henca Oct 20; 12:40 p m — Stmr Sena
tor, from Nome.
Sailed Oct 24 — Stmr Geo Loomls. for • San
Francisco: stmr City of Seattle, for Skagway.
ASTORIA — Sailed Oct 24 — Schr Melrose, , for
San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 24 — Schr Crescent, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Northland, hnc Oct 21.
Sailed Oct 24 — Btmr G W Elder, for San
Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr
Bor.lta hence Oct 22; stmr Santa Roea. hence
Oct 23'; stmr San Pedro, hence Oct 22.
Bailed Oct 24 — Stmr Santa Rosa, for San'
Diego: stmr San Pedro, for San Pedro; stmr
Bonita. for San Pedro.
BANDON — Arrived Oct 24 — Schr Onward,
hence Oct 11.
PORT TOWNS END— Arrived Oct 24— Schr
Samar, from Manila.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Oct 23— Schr
Orient, for San Francisco. Oct 24 — Schr Wins,
low. for San Pedro. '¦';'' » ¦ -:
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 24—
Stmr San Mateo. from Tacoma.
COOS BAT — Sailed Oct 23 — Schr Volunteer,
for San Francisco. Oct 24 — Schr Novelty, for
Ban Francisco.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Rain
ier, hence Oct 19.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct 24— Schr
Challenger, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 24 — Schr Jla
weema. for — — .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 24 — Fr bark
Moll ere. 'from Port Townsend.
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Alcazar,
from Greenwood; stmr Westport. hence Oct 22.
Bailed Oct 23— Btmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Robert Dollar, for San Francisco.
Oct 24 — 8tmr Rival, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 23 — Ship Benjamin
F Packard, for Baltimore. Oct 24 — Br stmr
Cumbal, for Valparaiso.
Arrived Oct 23 — Nor «tmr Alf, from Ma
nila, z&sasgp&qgspiamt
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 22— Ship
Henry VUIard. from Honolulu.
* ISLAND PORTS.
HXLO — Sailed Oct 22 — Stmr Enterprise, for
Baa Francisco. •
KAHULUI— Sailed Oct 23 — Stmr Nevadan,
for geattle.
MAHUKON A— Bailed Oct 8— Bcbr Olga, for
Ban Francisco.
j FOREIGN PORTS.
MOJI — Sailed Oct 18 — Ger stxnr Germanlcus,
for San Francisco.
BT MICHAELS— Arrived Oct 22— Br stmr
Lowtber Castle, from Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 21— Spas stmr C
Lopez, for Manila.
PORT NATAL— Sailed Bcpt 24— Br stmr Ras
Elba, for Manila.
SHIELDS— Sailed Oet 21— G«r ship Alice,
for Ean Francisco.
6ALINA CRUZ — To sail about Oct 20 —
Steam dredger Britannic, for San. Francisco.
•,£UNDERLAND — Arrived Oct 21 — Br bark
Sufmx. from Vancouver.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct 23— Fr bark
Marechal Davout. hence May 26.
GLASGOW— Balled Oct 22— Br ship Cedar
bank, for Victoria. -
TYNE — Sailed Oct 23 — Br.bark Doris, for
Ean Francisco.
YOKOH AHA— Arrived Oct 1— Stmr Aztec,
from Oregon. Oct 22— Br stmr Indrawadl,
from Manila.
Sailed Sept 24 — Br bark Rose, for Baa Fran- 1
gailed Oct 22 — Stmr Aztec, for Ban Fran
cisco. Oct 23 — Stmr Manchuria, for Ban Fran.
Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Siberia, hence Oct 7.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Oct 21— Br stmr In
dravein from New York.
VANCOUVER— Sailed Oct 8— Br bark Har
old for East London.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Korea,
hence Sept 20, . • .
. GUAM — Arrived Oct 23 — U S stm r Sheridan,
henc Oct l. OCBAN 8TBAMERa .
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Mesa
ba from London: etmr Kroonland, . t rom Ant
werp; iinir Perugia, from Leghorn, Naples.
etc ' ¦•¦•-..
BOULOGNE — Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Rotter
dam, fom New : York for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded. ¦-.--.-.'- • »ittfiP'"n | "fin > 'nHi i' |>| ii»*"i> wff
Balled Oct 24 — Etmr Moltke, from Hamburg
for New York. •
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr, Bremen,
from New York.' «P9BH "*lB«fl{BMj|V
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Ham
burg, from New York. ¦ >
CHERBOURG — Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Kroa-
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to - Ban Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent.
NOTE — The ¦ high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide la the same at both places.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23.
Sun rises 6:27'
Sun sets • ...6:19
Moon rises . ... .6:21 p. m.
0 Time] ITlmel ITlxnel iTlmel ~~*.
«. j Ft. I 1 Ft, I Ft. 1 Ft.
S H WJ |L W| |H,W| |L W|' -.».
25 0:14 4.5 6:17 2.2 11:28 6.2 6:02 0.2
20 0:66 4.4 6:60. 2.6 11:66 6.3 6:42] 0 1
27 1:44 "4.2 6:28 .2.7 12:30 6.2 7:27 6.0
28 2:32 4.2 7:16,3.0 1:10.5.2 8:13 0.0
29 8:27 4.2 8:08 8.1 2:00 6.0 0:10 0.2
30 4:26 4.2 9:16 8.1 3:03 4.8 10:08 03
31 6:24 4.4 10:36 3.1 4:16 4.6 11:19 o!«
* NOTE— In. the above exposition ' of : the tides
the - early morning: . tides are given In : the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there arc but three tides, a*
sometimes occurs. . . The . heights • given = are . la "
addition to the soundings of the United States
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1904.
iZEVT SCHOONER ST. MICHAEL. JUST FROM THE FAMOUS OLD MATTHEW
TURNER SHIPYARD AT BENICIA. FITTED WITH A 60- HORSEPOWER GAS
OLINE ENGINE AXD A FULL. SUIT OF SAILS SHE WILL SAIL FOR TAHITI.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
7
V- There Wfll Be
"Something Doing"
At Pragers
TO-DAY
iss» t •bbsw ma «SB £a t
Don't Miss It
Alpaca. . • Boys' Shoes,
52-inch Iron Frame Alpaca, in colors Three different kinds of leathers—
of black, navy and gray. This Is Vici Kid. Box Calf and Patent Colt:
tne same cloth that had such a tre- In seven styles; .all made on th«
•mendous run Monday. We sold en- new shape toes; with good solid
tlrely out of black then. ¦ -rv ¦ soles.
Sa* Tale* "£ 48C %*&* $U0
ncwed to-day. Special *VJ\s» $1.75 to $2.23; to-day **wv
price Siaes 2% to 5%; regular price. C1 CO
I $2.00 and $2.50; to-day JI.JO
Toilet Special. i -. . . . .
rr Embroideries.
Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap — -^ :>
regrularly 15c cake, will be {Jr% These Embroideries are Just th«
placed on special sale to-day 7L thin? for flounces of skirts. They
at, a cake *.... .are in pretty styles of blind and
Guipure, on fine Cambric and
FlGTIirM Rirrlfm Lawn; th<* widths are from 6 to 9
rl Q UIW PUTlUp. inches. This Is the best Embroid-
Fleur«»fl ¦RnriaYi 1..4 _,,-i er T offer we have ever made, aa
• fty) a yar^ wid^tWs i^ in q^fn" «tUl .further reductions have been
usually attractive tarralrTL-^"^ marked. We have been sellins;
SaKrlce 0 ! y^a 1^*- 13C S^fWS &*"& we" 7lJC
faaie price, a yard w nave marked tnem at th9 UVV
* low price of, a yard. . . . .
Dotted Swisses. Hair Ribbons.
A fine sheer grade of Dotted Swisses, _ - _^ —^______
a yard wide; sells regrularly for 20c; This Is a specialty lot of pretty Hair
will be placed on special sale to- Ribbons, in grlossy All-Silk; hand-
day. There are all 41 1 some embossed designs of M
size dots, and it is I M * *% bow knots, dots, anchors W s>
guaranteed to wash 1 r.*y I . and crosses. All the bright _j£-
" and wear yrell. Special, ¦ ss«fsv^s» colorlners are here. Special. *^^s»
a yard per yard •
JJragrr^
» ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^U
• ADVigtTifiaaiKjii ts. -____'
PjjiftMJtftiredByibefos
kneznmenf doctor states j||lb
tibat Dnoxkesnessis Caused J|||[
iy poor Cooking ajsJccwse- Jp^§k
gueiit^^^Qfjoottri^^ty^ jk
Cooks Brz^oi Cooks.
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO.. 415 POST STREET.
¦OPEN" SATURDAY 'BVENINOS..-• Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men bv th»
Press Clipping Bureau • (Allen's). 30 oil
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042 •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st
On November 1.- 1904. will be' advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received -n to
that date at present price.- •
FELONY-F. E. B.. Petaluma, Cal. In
the State of California in cases of fel
ony the statute of limitation bars an
action or prosecution unless the same
Is brought within three years from the
date of the commission of the crime.
except in capitarcases. in which there
is no bar.\But if a complaint is filed or
anjndictment Is presented within three
years the. action may be prosecuted »*
any time that the accused is arrested-
THE PALACE— W. B.. City. Work
on the Palace Hotel was commenced
In 1872, the hotel was opened In Oc
tober, 1875. On the site of the hotel
there* were on Market street the
Roman Catholic Asylnm. the Buckeye
Lodging-house, a livery stable, and on
the Jessie-street side there , were a
number of old buildings occupied a3
dwellings principally.
ANSWERS 10 QUEUES.
Trolley Lunch Room.
The Transit Company of St. Louis
has been obliged to face a number of
difficulties in connection with the heavy
traffic and unusual demand of -the ex
position ¦ public. Car crews had diffi
culty in getting lunches, very often
having . to eat them • during trips. A
lunchroom" in a car, has overcome most
of the trouble and proved a great suc
cess! ,/...-'.-..-.. _ .. •
Soft Gingerbread— Put on© cup of
molasses, one level tablespoon of but
ter, two cups of milk, two cups of
flour and a level teaspoon of soda, dis
solved in one-third cup of boillnr water
into a bowl. Beat thoroughly and baks
in a shallow buttered pan In a moder
ate oven.
Spaghetti with Cheese— Hare two
quarts of water boillnr rapidly. Take
one- third pound of spaghetti in Ions
strips and put one end into the water.
As the spaghetti softens coil it round
In the kettle and cook twenty min
utes. Make a cream sauce with on*
cup of cream, a rounding tablespoon
each of butter and flour and season
with half a level teaspoon of salt and
a few dashes of pepper. Cook six min
utes. Cut the spaghetti Into inch pieces
and heat in the cream sauce. Turn
Into the serving dish and sprinkle with
finely grated cheese.
Sponge Cream Cake— Break two eggs
In a cup and fill the cup with sweet,
thick cream. Turn all into a" bowl;
add a cup of sugar, a pinch of salt and
one and one-half cups of flour sifted
with two level teaspoons of baking
powder, also one-half teaspoon of flav
oring. Beat all smooth. and continue
beating for five minutes, then pour into
a pan and bake In a square pan, not
too deep.
Take a cold sponge bath every
morning to harden the system against
cold.
Avoid dust; make Chicago get rid of
it and keep it out of your houses; do
not sweep "dry." ,
Do not overeat — as a nation we eat
too much and foods that are too
strong; drink more water.
After you get a cough:
Stay in bed and you will save time
In the end.
Put on a camphorated oil jacket. or
flannel wrapping.
Avoid "dopers" parading "M. D."
after their names.
Don't* close up the room and poison
yourself with impure air.
• Don't neglect a single, simple cold,
but get a good physician.
Don't overeat and don't starve your
self—strike a'happy medium.
Dr. Brown declared that although
Chicago is the healthiest of the big
cities of the world, it is distinctly a
catarrhal city' He said pneumonia
is the "death king" in Chicago.
Characterizing Chicago as "a city of
coughs and colds," Dr. Richard H.
Brown of the University of Illinois
told the members of the Woman's
Club of Settlement House how to
avoid catching cold and what to do
after colds are caught, says the Chi
cago Tribune. His subject was
"Coughs."
Dr. Brown laid down the following
rules for the prevention of coughs and
colds:
Avoid spitters.
Sleep with the wlnddws open.
Make yourself an oak Instead of an
orchid.
Keep the air indoors as pure as the
air outdoors.
Do not let the temperature of your
room get above 70 degrees.
Do not wear too much clothing, but
Just enough to, keep warm.
SOME GOOD RECIPES.
COLDS AND THEIR CURE.
Red tape as made in Germany seems
to be a very choice article. A German
woman sends London Truth the fol
lowing anecdote: A female teacher in
a. school in Westphalia had to make an
official communication to the Minister
of Education. She used for the pur
pose what is called "eagle paper," hav
ing the royal eagle upon it as a water
mark, and duly dispatched it to Ber
lin through the School Board of Es
sen. ' After a few days the letter came
back, with ah j intimation that it must
be rewritten, as the eagle appeared
upon it head downward. -
Red Tape In Germany.
Married in white
You have chosen, quite right.
Married in green
Of his heart you are queen.
Married in gray! [ t
Your path lies far away.
Married in black
Wish your maidenhood back.
Married in red
You will wish yourself dead*
Married in blue
Know your lover is true.
Married in pearl .
Spend your life in a whlrL
Married in yellow
You've got the wrong fellow.
Married in brown
A life up hill and down.
Married in pink - '
He's as good as you think.
Married in tan
Anything for a man.
FOR THE BRIDE.
Get the materials as good as pos
sible. •
Choose conservative styles. •
Don't run after marked fashions,
because they soon pass away. *
Clothes that attract the eye are a
mistake. ¦ ;
Choose gloves, shoes and petticoats
wisely. . . . . '.
If possible adopt a certain style of
your own and modify it according to
the dictates of fashion.
HOW TO ECONOMIZE.
He's made as little noise as a piece of thistle down'
Alighting on a mullein leaf four lonesome miles' from
town; ¦ •
He's never said a dozen woTds— egad, he never will!
But yet it's nice to be assured they're bound to keep him
still. i ;
The oyster's noisy noise annoys the public Just as much
As Parker's; so it tickles us to beat the very Dutch
To have them gravely tell us they've advised him not to
talk. ;
In order that he may prevent Ted's winning in a walk!
But yet, when all is said and done, the stunt Is not so
• slight—'
To stop the Judge's talking will require a man. of might;
The task Is quite a puzzling one— this truth cannot be hid:
To stop a person's doing what that person never did!
—Baltimore American.
Simon Wolf and his charming wife
of Washington, D. C. who are sojourn
ing at the Palace Hotel, were entertain
ed at luncheon yesterday at the Palm
Garden, by Julius Platshek. Beside
the honored guests, the following sat
at the round table, which was artisti
cally embellished: Rev. Jacob Voor
sanger and wife. Mr. and Mrs, Julius
Kahn, Julius Platshek, M. J. Platshek,
Miss Mamie "Voorsanger. Dr. William
Voorsanger and Mr. and Mrs. Greene
baum.
Dr. Margaret Mahony wUl entertain
at her home on Saturday next in honor
of Mr. and Mrs. Denis Mahony.
The members of the Entr© Nous
Cotillon will open their fifteenth sea
son with an assembly and german on
next Friday evening, October 23. In the
ballroom of the Palace Hotel.
Dr. J. Henry Barbat and family hare
returned from their Eastern trip.
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham will give her
first costume recital of "Macbeth'* this
evening in Lyric Hall. Much Interest
is being taken In the event, which
marks Mrs. Buckingham's debut as a
professional reader. The patronesses
are Mrs. Eleanor Martin. Mrs. Marcus
Gerstle, Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. J.
C. Martel, Mrs. Ira Pierce. Mrs. W. R.
Wheeler, Mrs. Julius Kahn.
Dr. and Mrs. Redmond Payne will
spend the winter with Mr. and Mrs.
John L Sabln at their home on Cali
fornia street.
• • * •
Mrs. John Francis Merrill Is In
Brooklyn, where she will visit with the
Charles Merrills before returning home.
"Dotswood." the pretty country horns
of Dr. and Mrs. Russell Cool, has been
harboring a congenial party for the last
two or three days. In honor of Major
Dunning. U. S. A., and Mrs. Mattle
Griffith who have recently announced
their engagement, a few friends were
asked to this rustic spot and the gath
ering proved delightful. Those who en
joyed the hospitality of Dr. and Mrs.
Cool were: Miss Mattle Griffith, Miss
Ruth Adams. Mr. and Mrs. William B.
Hamilton, Mr. and Mrs. John Jackson,
Major Dunning. Rothwell Hyde.
Miss Caroline Inman was the hon
ored guest at a tea given by Miss
Grace Baldwin a few days ago. Miss
Ethel Patton assisted In receiving.
Miss Estelle Miller of Belvedere en
tertained the Fortnightly Club in a
charming manner last week. The
guests were given a launching party
about the bay, followed by a delight
ful house party in Miss. Miller's pleas
ant cottage.
Wlnship, Mrs. Reginald Smith and Dr.
Smith were the guests of Mrs. Irving
Scott one evening last week.
Miss Marie Voorhies, Miss Katherlne
Dillon, Captain Young, Lieutenant
Miss Elizabeth Burt, sister of Mrs.
C. J. Wilder, has returned from an ex
tended trip through the Orient.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Scott will be
home in December. They are now in
St. Louis, after a tour of the East.
Mrs. Scott is a prominent club woman.
• • . •
Miss Daisy Burns will be quietly
wedded to Jason Gould to-morrow aft
ernoon at her home, 1506 Washing
ton street.
Miss Margaret Postlethwaite will en
tertain at 4 o'clock tea to-morrow,
having for her guests of honor. Miss
Rogers and Miss O'Brien.
To-morrow is the glad wedding day
of Miss Charlotte Elene Moulder and
Charles Carter Nicholls. The cere
mony will take place at half-past 2 at
the home of the bride's mother, Mrs.
Andrew Jackson Moulder, at Clay and
Gough streets, Archbishop Riordan of
ficiating. Mrs. J. H. Covode, sister of
the bride, will be matron of honor.
Mrs. Don M. Gedge and Miss Vlv
ienne V. Gedge are now in Paris, whose
sights they are greatly enjoying.
Pretty Marie Wells is very attractive
these soft October days in a mauve
cloth gown, with black toque.
It is authoritatively stated that
handsome Emily Franks, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Franks of this city,
has broken her engagement to David
Haas of New York.
Miss Franks is the only daughter of
the household, a maid of striking beau-'
ty and of much travel.
The ladles of Vice President Corral's
party will be guests to-day of the Cali
fornia Club. A pleasant afternoon is
anticipated in the clubrooms, where a
good brew of tea is always on tap.
Miss Lilly O'Connor was calling yes
terday In a stunning azure blue gown,
with a plumed hat of the same tone.
Miss Mabel Gunn has decided to go
to New York a week or two after
Thanksgiving and from there the win
some maid will go to Porto Rico, there
to be -wed to Dr. Thayer.
Miss Gunn will be accompanied by
her mother, the two stopping a week
or two in Gotham, where they will be
extensively entertained. These ar
rangements will bring the nuptials
close to New Year's day. The old Span
ish town will be an Ideally picturesque
spot for a wedding, where the old cus
toms surrounding nuptials yet obtain.
The younger set. with whom Miss
Gunn has been identified since her de
but, will miss a Very clever maid when
she forsakes the home of her birth.
BY SALLY SHARP
THE SMART SET
--: v The' report that London society -will
glye^up drrHng is not important. They
never, ": d j«*J*d in "I London,' 'i anyhow.*
They dawnced.— Washington; Star.
Never . Danced in London.
. ..Applicant '¦. for. chorus girl's . position-
Have .- you ¦; anything to remark about
my singing? '.' J--.V:\. ','-. „.
Musical director— There's nothing re
markable abbut*It?oB93&B£B&raSB8 ;
A HOT ONE.
THEX HE SAID GOOD NIGHT:
Miss Cutting HJntz— I don't think
you would make a wife happy.*'-' J-.
Mr. Staylate— Why not?
Miss • Cutting •Hintz— You ; don't "seem
to "¦¦ like your" home. v :. . Js^&Sfeg&S
KNIGHTS and Ladies of Courtesy is the name of an order re
cently established in Chicago, whose mission is self evident.
Its grand officers are represented by the Lord High Optimist
and the Master Pessimist. Their duties are "to keep a keen watch
over the state of the social amenities and to report respectively upon
the symptoms of improvement and decadence in the public and pri
vate manners of the community." Membership in the society is not
restricted by conditions of race or color.
• The knights and ladies certainly have work cut out for them.
Where to begin must be the question demanding immediate execu
tive session. Already we hear the Master Pessimist submitting a
report upon the lady who is just "picking up" the piano on the third
floor front of the. six story flat, upon the fellow who. smokes Connec
ticut stogies on the crowded platform of the street; car, upon that
consummate bore who stops you on the street to tell you about the
latest gurgled phrase his. baby has enunciated. The Master Pessi
mist has the habitual borrower spotted, he has blacklisted the hope
less baseball fan, the lady president of the children's culture society
is persona non grata, from his. decision against the fierce . college
youth with the yellow shoes there is no appeal.^ . O;;" ;
Where does the Lord High Optimist come in ?
ORGANIZED COURTESY.
A German traveler claims to have
discovered in ; the forests of Borneo a
people who still wear .'the tall of our
primitive ancestors. He does not write
from hearsay; he has seen the tail,
says the, London Chronicle. It be
longed to a child about six years old,
sprung 'from" the tribe of Poenans. : As
nobody could speak the Poenan tongue
the] youngster could . not ! be questioned,
but vi therewas\ his tail, sure enough,
not very. long, but flexible, hairless" and
about the thickness of one's little
finger. . The Poenans are reported to: be
very . simple people, , honest folk with a
childlike: system of barter. They de
posit in public places the 'goods they
wish to exchange and In a few days
later they will : find there the equiva
lents they desire. Nobody dreams of
stealing. This is almost* as remarkable
as the. vestige: of the ancestral tall.
Borneo People With Tails.
.. At, the outset of this paragraph, says
a writer in the Appleton Post, the pen
falters at the task | of describing so
much sweetness. Imagine,' ' if you can,
a bride of statuesque pose, gowned in
dreamy white chiffon, through ,' the
filmy,, mystery of whose veil glowed a
mass of Dale gold hair like a sun
kissed cloud at morning. It was no
wonder that the guests crowded each
other and craned their necks to look.
The Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburg
Railroad and the Lackawanna Railroad
have recently. given Orders to have all
their steel cars treated with the copper
process of metal preservative.
¦]¦ — — '¦ — : — ¦ — '— -j.
Copper Plated Cars.
WOULDN'T THIS CHEER YOU?
A Connecticut man who robbed a
bank of $70,000 has been sent to prison
for five years, while his neighbor, who
stole a horse, drew an eight-year prison
term. They would probably hang a
chicken thief.— Washington Post.
Punishment In Connecticut.
It makes a woman feel terribly bash
ful to forget to be .confused when a
man catches . her . sewing some of her
queer clothes.— New York Press.
Women are awfully nice to each other
when they are- not friendly.
A man can make a lot of money by
not being a candidate for public office.
A woman gets very suspicious of her
husband if he Is always content te kiss
her in the same place. -
The, way a woman acts when she
goes to get on a bicycle you would
think she was climbing over a barbed
wire fence.
REFLECflONS OF A BACHELOR
At a recent sale at Christie's famous
rooms, London, a playing card, the five
of diamonds, brought the enormous
sum of £2750. This particular five of
diamonds held on its back a circular
miniature in gouache, by Hans Hol
bein, of Frances Howard, Duchess of
Norfolk. A pair of oval miniatures of
children, in the same medium, name of
author not given, brought £1000 at the
same sale.
Expensive Playing Cards.
' COULDN'T HELP IT.
She— How could you feel it in your
bones that there was a burglar under
your, bed? ' ".X:; v«
He — I stuck my foot out of bed and
he grabbed it.
America is usually considered to be
the land of eccentric clubs, but Bel
gium is trying to equal it, says the
London Sketch. In Brussels a Bald
headed Club has been founded, the en
trance to which is very strictly guard
ed. It is not sufficient to have a bald
patch on the top of the head, or very
thin hair; a man, to be admitted, must
be absolutely and completely bald.
CLDB OF BALDHEADS.
JUDGE PARKER has made a speech from the porch at Esopus.
He first listened to six speeches fired at him by six orators of
six clubs from New. York City, then he rose and uttered him
self on the tariff. If his speech were printed parallel with the Demo
cratic speeches of 1892 it would reveal the same arguments and the
same accusations against the protective policy. These prevailed in
1892 and in due time the Democratic party went at tariff reform.
'After months of wrangling, in which it was developed that each
statesman of that party wanted protection for the industrial products
of his own district and free trade in the products of the districts of
other statesmen, the Wilson bill issued from a Democratic Congress
such a distorted and disfigured measure that President Cleveland re
fused to .sign it and denounced it as "a record of fraud and dis
honor."
Well, the fraud and dishonor Democratic taritf gut in its deadlv
iwork on the industries of the country, and v.orkinj^men were in
troduced to riotous living in charity souphouses. We had armies
of the unempl »ycd, marching some nowhere and some on Washing
ton and some into jail. Mills were silent and millions were howling
for bread. The fall in the consuming power of the country brought
prices below the cost of production and the distress spread to the
farms, where it was relieved temporarily by that non-porous plaster
called a mortgage.
' With .McKinley's election these conditions disappeared and have
not come back. Industry revived. Americans quit a soup diet for
meat and charity for self-support. As the consuming power of the
country rose prices advanced far enough above the cost of pro
duction to enable farmers to get rid of their non-porous plasters. The
farm mortgages have been paid off and carloads of these canceled
instruments have been exhibited at State and county fairs as sou
venirs of the tariff of fraud and dishonor and exhibits of the pros
perity that followed a return of protection. . Now Judge Parker wakes
the echoes of Esopus with the same old arguments as the representa
tive of the party that tinkered American workmen out of a job, out
of a home, and into Coxey's armies and the souphouse.
PARKER AND PROTECTION.
It is not always age that make:; those
disagreeable furrows across our Tore
heads and round our eyes. There are
some grandmothers whose faces have
hardly a wrinkle, and some grand
daughters whose brows are as seamed
as they might be at sixty, says the
Chicago Journal.
Time is not responsible for these vex
ing little lines. A good many of them
may be charged up against worry. If
one gets in the way of fretting over
everything that has gone wrong, and
everything one thinks likely to go
wrong, the record upon one's face will
be as plain as print. Bad temper
makes a mark which is hard to eras!,
and Is far uglier than the lines the
happy years bring.
Age cannot wrinkle the heart. Even
when the face is criss-crossed with the
tracery of a long lifetime, the spirit may
be as young as ever. But fretfulness
and 111 temper make wrinkles within
as well as without. The . little im
patient line, hardly noticeable on a
smooth forehead, means that a deep
furrow has been plowed in the heart.
All women of good taste, no matter
whether they be heiresses or work to
support themselves, never adopt the
extreme of any fashion. The long front
of th« bodice, so becoming to stout
women, would still be in favor if it
had not been overdone by women of
poor taste. The lines of the figure are
Improved by the cutting of the bodice
a trifle long and lifting the skirt band
a trifle in the back. The extreme style,
however, is in decidedly bad taste.
WORRY LINE ON FOREBEAD
EXTREME FASHIONS.
At last they've stopped the clamor of that chatty Parker
man; ,
On his intense garrulity they've placed a bitter ban.
They tell him he must cut it out— this endless talkee-talk,
That in the school of silence he must straightly walk the
chalk.
It must be mighty irksome for a wordy, man like that,
To have to sit in silence when he yearns to cheerily chat.
'Twill surely take a 'person with a huge, cast-Iron", will
To undertake this mighty task of keeping Parker still!
Of course, 'twill be a good deal like the squelching of a
clam —
The quieting of him who'd like to sit with Uncle Sam!
He's never cracked the silence since his name appeared in
print
As that of one who yearned to . make a Presidential
sprint; . ¦ . '. *
COPYRIGHT. 1901. BY SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. "WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
r "p<HE firing on an English fishing fleet and the murder and maim
! ing of several of the crew is another act of Russian piracy
which can be accounted for only upon the theory that the Rus
sians are recklessly desirous of destroying the peace of the world,
or that the officers of the Baltic fleet are panic stricken cowards.
Count Cassini, Russian Minister at Washington, calls it a
deplorable accident, due to belief on the part of the fleet admiral
that the fishing boats were a hostile Japanese fleet about to attack.
This is not a tenable explanation, for the 'fishing fleet was swept by
powerful searchlights before the firing began. The crews were all
on deck, cleaning fish, and were plainly discernible from the war
ships, for the fishermen saw the Russians on the decks of their
ships and held up fish to them to show the peaceful nature of
their occupation. The fishing boats also displayed the regulation
lights and signals spelling their occupation and defining their char
acter. These signals are in the maritime code and are known readily
by the naval officers of all nations and by all sailors.
The firing upon the defenseless boats 'after this exposition of
their class and their inspection by means of searchlights was the
act of cowards, or it was in pursuance of a deliberate .plan to com
mit an act of war. A man-of-war can be guilty of an act of piracy
and is not protected by its commission as, a warship. In any of its
aspects and in any light thrown upon \% so far by the Russian Le
frations at Washington and London it was wanton piracy, and a vio
lation of the British flag. In London the Russian legation explains
that the fleet was probably at target practice and hit the fishing
boats by accident. But night at sea, with no prepared target to
shoot at, is a strange time for target practice. If this act were fol
lowed, as is reported, by the boarding of a British merchantman in
the Straits of Dover, the complications are increased and the wan
tonness of Russia is intensified. We know what would happen in
this country if our Gloucester fishing fleet on the banks were at
tacked as were the English fishing boats of Hull in the North Sea.
Unless the most abject apology and punitive reparation were made
within' forty-eight hours, American spirit would put its commands on
the executive for an immediate extra session of Congress to prepare
for a reprisal that would make teeth chatter on the Neva.
No self-respecting nation can permit such invasion" of its rights
and contempt of its flag. The British empire may well consider it
as the symptom of the approach of a crisis. The British isles have
been for some time infested by German spies, disguised as work
men, who are believed to have been noting the conditions of military
defense, the location of supply depots and everything that goes into
the resistance of an invasion. The Kaiser and the Czar have for
some time been suspected of a secret entente, which is reasonable,
in view of the German seizure of Chinese territory on the Gulf of
Pechili, and the desire of the Kaiser to extend his possessions in
that quarter. If such entente exist, it would naturally be intended
to appear in an open alliance against Great Britain, upon the ap
pearance of war between that empire and Russia.
The combined navies of Germany and Russia have 696 ships of
all classes, and a fighting force of 96,415 men. The combined na
vies of Great Britain and Japan have 834 ships, of all classes, and a
fighting force of 131,998 men. These figures do not entirely reveal
the capacity of the forces. Without going to guns and 4 .rnnage, the
relative efficiency of the four navies is revealed, to a degree, by the
money spent to maintain them in trim for use. The combined naval
expenditures of Great Britain and Japan per annum are $160,080,000.
The combined expenditures of Russia and Germany for the same
purpose are $71,525,267. These expenditures go not only into the
character of the vessels and their efficiency as ships, but ir.to guns,
men, practice and accumulated munitions of war. As the fight
would be a sea war, and whichever commanded the ocean will win, if
is apparent that Russia and her possible ally would have to depend
on something more than holy ikons and the promptings of destiny.
MORE RUSSIAN AGGRESSION.
THE' SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN* D. SPRECKELS J. ... Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATION'S TO
JOHN McXAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET- STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY OCTOBER 2B, 1904
MISS DEMOCRACY: "No, Alton, I cannot allow you to make speeches. Stay where you are until after election."
THE SILENCING OF PARKER.
This Is the day thou wert born, dear,
Created by heav'n for me.
Sad I should be and forlorn, dear,
Had he not fashioned thee.
If wishes were gold In truth, dear,
The riches of Ind would be thine.
I'd give thee perpetual youth, dear,
And the skies should be all sunshine.
On this, thy sweet natal day, dear,
I greet thee with fondest love.
For thee I ask and I pray, dear,
God's blessings from above.
May each return of the time, dear,
More closely our lives unite.
And may ever our hearts so chime, dear, ,
That our world shall be always bright!
—October Men and Women.
HER BIRTHDAY.
8¦'. , CAPTAIN ANDERSON HELD.^Olaf Ander
,'. son, ' master > of i the : schooner , .Vine, ; was t held
-yesterday by United States, Commissioner^Hea
3 cock - for ', trial, on a > charge : of beating * and
wounding 'John • Saunders,'- a Kanaka. < upon' tha
j hiffh seas. -He was released upon fiiinr abond
' DBMINO. WILL FILED.— The ;' will of -Ed
mnnd O. Demln^.-.wlio died October 7, iwas filed
for, probate yesterday/ ( It ; leaves = Als entire es
tate,-: consisting » of . lnteresta i in * vessels - worth
not to exceed $25,000, to his '• widow. 1 Clara 'J '
Deming.tJ Mrs:; Demln{r"and ? Louis ' Prenot » are
named as executors/r The testament leaves the
widow ! to provide ; for; the ; four ; children,"? Mary
E. Smith.* Alice I*.. Clark, Adelaide M.' and Ed
win O^Stmlnr.'^*.' ¦>•¦"' / : >-:-'^ r ;:^" i :-:^ •-¦¦'.-: ¦¦-
• The General Association of the Conr
gregationalist" Church of '¦ Northern
California will begin . its ; sessions i at 2
o'clock this 7 afternoon at" the Third
CQngregatlonaJ ; Church,* Fifteenth
street, near Mission. ; Strong addresses
are expected - duringr the r meetings,
which will continue until' Friday
morning, October » 28. /Among -the
speakers will be " G. W/- Dickie; , man
ager ' of *: the"; Union : Iron : works, \ who
will . present his views on "Religion" of
a Business Man." . '¦'¦•:¦¦. - :-„-.-
Confrrcgatlonalists Meet" Tb-Day.
The ; non-commissioned officers of
Company B of the 1 Leagueof the Cross
Cadets . gave 'a . ball 'and : concert* for' th?
benefit'of r the Torganization "at :Rich
mond; Hall? Saturday evening 1 .'^ The r af-"
fair! was -a* success > financially* and -so-'
cially. ViThe 71 following -committee I has'
charge of the 'entertainment: , : Sergeant
Francis /AMi Kochp.chairman : \ Sergeant
Joseph ''J.r Burns/; Sergeant '[George W/
Auld,V Sergeant James i L. McClelland;
Corporal ? R. V S;~> Elliott,":: Corporal * F!-ed
Postel.S* Corpoi-al if James { Dlckson,-i Cor
poral Charles Johnson' and \ Corporal iT.*
Meagher;j: ; ;/>-::"--';;Vvv'-;, ¦,.- : .p. ~ ¦ r-'ri<o
Cadets', Benefit a Success.
FINDS SILVER WARE.— Oakland. Oct. 24 —
becar Olsen. 825 Fifteenth street, found a lot
of silver spoons and knives this morning . on
Fifteenth street, near Brush. He turned them
over to the police, who think they were stolen
Another effort by Seranna Bars!
and her three children toiget payment
for the; death ,, of Americo^ Barsl,';the
husband and father, wa^ begun ¦< yes
terday in a suit in , the^ Superior ; Court
against Lulgi Guinasso;* for ''$10,000
damages. It:is alleged ¦ that Guinasso
assaulted Bars! on August J 18,"* 1902,
knocking him; down and kicking him
in such a manneras tO;break:his leg
and produce internal ' in juries. "..- Barsl
died two weeks after the. assault His
widow : brought :J suit : for : damages
against Dr." - Barsotti, . alleging," that
Barsl. died because ! of the i physician's,
f allure to treat him : properly. ', She, got
judgment ' for .? $250 in < Judge • Kerri
gan's courL' - , '¦; .•:*¦
. : Guinasso, 1 ; who had been tried and
acquitted of ; the charge of , killing" Bar
si; later . ; became ; a ; target* for : , five in
effectual" shots '• firedi at him ! 'by i Mrs.
Barsi's son.'BBHHll^HHBHHH
Demands Damages for Death of Hus
band Resulting From Injuries
Received in a Fight.
BARSI'S WIDOW XOW
SUES HIS ASSAII/AXT
Scliander Mu.«t Explain.
Oh an affidavit ofW. F. Williamson,
attorney for George F. Gray, one of
the special administrators of Bertha
IL Dolbeer's estate. Judge Coffey. yes
terday ordered Horatio Schander to
enow cause why he should not be pun
ished for failing to appear before No
tary M. .D. Brown to give. his deposi
tion. Schander is the , brother of
Adolph Schander, who Is contesting
Miss Dolbeer's wilL His deposition
'was to have been taken last Thursday,
but he disregarded .the court's : order.
The administrators believe that his
evidence is necessary at this time and
they seek to compel him to appear In
the same way the other side forced
the deposition of Miss Etta Mtfrion
Warren.
"While money may not be everything in
the world It comes pretty near being the
key to everything. Without money little
can be done, little accomplished. The
man who has money'is independent and
ffarless. while ne who has iwne has not
much space allotted to him in this world
of ours. The making of every mac's
fortune is in his own hands. - Save- your
dollars, get Interest on them and wealth
will come to you. ' Saving becomes a
matter of habit once'- you get' a start.
And you do not have to -vait until you
have piled up a !ot before you can open
an account. You can start with ?1 with
th«-Phoenix Savings, B. and L. Ass'n, 516
California street, receiving 4% per cent,
interest compounded semi-annuaUy.- On
term accounts 5 per cent is paid, pavable
semi-annually. Paid-up, capital, $1*250 -
000: guarantee fund, $200,000. The di
rectors are A. A. Watkins, Charles R
Bishop, George C. Boardman, S. Prentiss
Smith. Gavin McXab, Charles E. Ladd-
Clarence. Grange, managing director." •
AMiat Saving Money 3feans.
PETTY LARCENIST SENTENCED —Fred
Pierce pleaded guilty, In Judge Cook's court
yesterday, to a charge of petty larceny, second
offense,' and was eentenced to serve six months
In the County Jail. ' Hjb stole' four brass plugs
belonging to Ickelheimer Bros. • May 30. He
had previously served two terms for -petty lar
ceny. <¦'. ¦ ':-'• . '.,;•; ¦-¦• ,~ --/. . ¦-'
The Scottish Thistle Club will • hold
its -annual Halloween entertainment
and dance at Lyric Hall Friday night.
Extensive preparations are being made
to, make the affair a success. One of
the special features of the party, will
be the rendering of "guid auld sangs.-
Halloween . Entertainment.
Teachers desiring to. enroll as members of
the California Teachera* Association for 1904
will find an authorized collector in the Superin
tendent's office.
Acting Superintendent A. A. Ma
curda yesterday issued the following
circular letter to principals and teach
ers in the city schools:
.». Tb J^*L wU1 , b * » : meeting of the teachers of
the fifth and sixth grades In th« Girls' Hijrh
School at 3:45 p. m.. Wednesday, October 26
lor instruction in physical culture. *
It will be a matter of Interest "to all those
who participated in the preparation cf the San
Francieeo school exhibit for the Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition that the elementary school*
of 6an Francisco received a geld medal and
that the high schools of San Francisco were
equally fortunate.
Actinar Superintendent Tells Mat
ters of Interest in the Depart
ment of Instruction.
Some of Mrs. Henry's neighbors in
formed Judge Hebbard that they con
sidered her sane, but a badly abused
woman. The • Judge questioned the
woman, after which he decided' to
postpone further action, until he hears
more evidence to-day. . .
Mrs. Isabella Heivry, the mother-in
law of young George Monnier, says
that there is a plot on the part of her
relatives to railroad her to an insane
asylum and yesterday Judge Hebbard
gave her the benefit of the doubt. He
had signed the commitment to send
her to one of the State hospitals, but
he recalled the papers,, notwithstand
ing the expert evidence of Drs. Lustig
and Wadsworth, together with the tes
timonv of members of* the woman's
family, all of -whom testified that her
action* have; been such to justify
them in the .statement that ehe is in-
Eane. .
Judge Hebbard Recalls His Commit
ment Assigning Her to the State
Hospital.
MACURDA ISSUES LETTER
TO SCHOOL TEACHERS
SIRS. HENRY FIGHTS
FOR HER LIBERTY
As ; the. result of an inspection yes
terday of the parental -school for tru
ants , by School Directors Boyle and
Altmann, : a proposition will be submit
ted at .the next 'meeting of the Board
of Education to create a new class.
Children are brought, to the school
daily, andithe process of "grading, them
is becoming | necessary. - The : forming
of a new class will mean the . addition
of another . teacher, to the' school staff.
The, entire matter ; will - be decided at
the 'next meeting."
To For-i New Class.
At the conclusion of the luncheon
Mrs. Luther Wagoner, on beh.alf.of the
league, " presented Mrs. Schell.with: a
handsome solid ! silver tray, which, was
received by the recipient with a - few
words of graceful acknowledgment.
Among those present were the follow
ing:. .Mrs. Lovell White, Mrs. E., P."
Schell, Miss B. M. Wilson, Mrs. A. A.
D'Ancona," M^s. James McDonald, j Mrs.
N.B. Eyster, Mrs. HT H. Fassett.' Mrs.
E. F.Glaser,^ Mrs. v Carl v Kenz. , Mrs.~
George TJ< Marsh.', Mrs. F.'. V. Wrieht.
Dr. Amy . Bowen.- Mrs.' C. C. r Reidy.- Mrs:
Luther Wagoner, Mrs. E. B. Whltcomb.
Mrs. G. W.' Skinner, Miss Mary G. Gor
bam, Mme. L. A." Sqrbier. Mrs. Rose
C: Poultney." Mrs,T* J. r ; S/ Martel. Mrs.
Arthur R, ¦ Wooster. Miss Elizabeth
Aehe, Mrs. : James i." 1 Shea, f Mrs. ; M. ' C.
Clark, \Mrs." Ah. M. .Gildea; Mr.-. Rogers*
During ' the morning =Mrs. " Loveli
.White, : accompanledTby a" s number of
the; members, .visited, the top .of iTele
graph •; Hill '• f or. ; the ; purpose of • ascer
taining; the\:extent *of tdamasre caused
by.recent blasting and to be more thor
oughly.'- informed as ' to - actual • condi
tions,- so , that Vork » for, savin k ( the - hill
can'be'eonducted along lines based^on
personar observation.':
Mrs. A. A. D'Ancona read an -original
pberri on 1 "Outdoor Art}".' and remarks
were. also madeby,Mrs. Nellie '.Eyster
and Miss Elizabeth Ashe. - .
As a compliment to '.Mrs. E. P.
Schell's ; executive ability in success
fully managing the j recent benefit'per
(ormance at the Majestic Theater for
the Outdopr Art League, the officers
and members of the . league , tendered
their fellow-member -'a. Huncheon at a
downtown - restaurant ¦ -yesterday v at
nOon; Mrs. '- Lovell ¦ .White, ', president of
the league, presided, " and Mrs. Schell
sat at , her; right as guest of honor. A
bountiful repast was served, during
which there, were • a series of toasts
given and responded f o. .
Mrs. H. H. Fassett responded to "The
Outdoor Art League." Miss B. M. Wil
son-,was entertaining in a witty pre-'
lude, ending with a strong appeal for
the preservation' of Telegraph Hill, and
urging the league to continue its .work
in behalf: of. this scenic relic : of the
pioneer . days " of San Francisco. ' "Mrs."
James -McDonald * gave ' some reminis
cences , of the early days, and ' told of
the purchase by private subscription of
the square, on the summit of the hill,
now known. as Pioneer Park. She con
cluded, by. reading .W. H. '; Irwln's
humorous - poem ' entitled "Teleeraoh
Hilh" 1 "
Members^of Outdoor Art 'League Give
- Her a Luncheon at a Down- "
town Restaurant.
MRS. E. P. SCHELL , SHOWN
V: APPRECIATION FOR WORK
'NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— The hearing
before the Interstate Commerce Com
mission on the charges brought by
William Randolph Hearst,
collusion on the Dart of the coal car
rying, railroad companies in fixing and
maintaining the price at tidewater,
was resumed to-day in this city.
Coal Road Hearing Resumed.
Major Benjamin H. Randolph, who
has been very ill at the Presidio ; Gen
eral Hospital for the last two weeks,
showed marked signs of improvement
yesterday. Surgeon John H; Allen, in
speaking of the case, said that Major
Randolph, while still In a low condi
tion, had shown marvelous powers "of
recuperation, and while his case was
still serious, he thought , the major
might survive for some time. to come. •.
Captain John J. Bradley assumed
his duties yesterday morning as acting
aid to General MacArthur, during the.
absence of Major P. W. West and Cap
tain Frank L. Winn. . ¦
The sick men in the Presidio Gen
eral Hospital were treated to a splen
did concert yesterday afternoon: by the
Third Band, Artillery Corps. The
band played on the center court for
an hour, greatly to the pleasure 'and
edification of the invalids.
% A special inspection and review of
the infantry troops stationed "at the
Presidio was held yesterday afternoon
at 4:30 by Colonel William L. Pitcher,
who is now commanding officer of the
cantonments* The troops of the Twen
ty-eighth Infantry were divided into
two battalions in command of Captain
John J. O'Connell and Captain James
A. Lynch, while : the Third Battalion
of the Tenth Infantry was under com
mand of Major Robert C. Van VlieL
The troops made a fine showing. The
inspection was witnessed by a large
number of officers and troopers of the
Fourth Cavalry, who have just come
into the post from Fort Leavenworth.
A big crowd of civilians also applaud
ed the troops as they marched away
from the parade ground.
Orders were Issued yesterday . by
General MacArthur "for all troops sta
tioned at the Presidio to hold them
selves in. readiness to receive Vice
President Corral, should that dignitary
'decide to visit the post. *
Colonel William Ii. Pitcher Reviews
All Troops at die Post Now * *
Under His Command.'.'';.
INFANTRY TROOPS AT THE
PRESIDIO ARE INSPECTED
George., Hedxiwud? 0 ;' who pleaded
guilty in Judge -Cook's court to a
charge of robbe'ry. was sentenced yes
terday to serve fifteen years ; in Fol
som penitentiary. * The Judge, Jn pass
ing , sentence, - said that although Red
mond had pleaded guilty and the Dis
trict; Attorney had withdrawn the
prior convictions against him he 'could
not shut his eyes to the fact that Red
mond was a dangerous "criminal. "Red
mond was -one of the trio who held
up and robbed Albert. Rlnge in his
father's grocery at 2862 Mission street
on the night of March 11. Alfred
Smith, another of the trio, has fled,
forfeiting, his ; bonds," and the . case
against Edward O'Brien," wKo ; turned
State's evidence, has been placed on
the reserve calendar. -' * ¦
Fifteen . years E for., Redmond.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2*.— The Pres
ident has accepted the resignation of
James F. Cooper, Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court of . the Philippine
Islands, ..t.Q^ta.ke effect.) October .18*
Judge Cooper was appointed from
Texas. He has served on three Phil
ippine benches '.'with -credit,-. and re
signed on account of advancing years.
Philippine Justice Resigns.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 24. — Stella
Kohn. the wife of Philip Kohnof San
Anselmo, was awarded an interlocu
tory decree of divorce by Judge Len
non to-day. " • ,
Mrs. ;¦ Kohh, ' who was \ Stella Hus
ton, wa3 married to Kohn at Petalu
ma in March, 1897. According to the
story told in court to-day they lived
together with varying degrees of mat
rimonial happiness ¦ until a year ago,
when they parted for good. Upon the
separation Kohn filed a suit for di
vorce In San Rafael, alleging as a
cause of action extreme mental suf
fering caused by hls,wlfe'a calling him
vile names, accompanied by acts of
personal violence.' She filed a cross
complaint, charging her husband with
many acts of cruelty. When the case
was called for trial to-day Mrs. Kohn
met with no opposition and was
awarded a decree by* default. It has
been erroneously stated "that Kohn is
connected with the California Theater.
Theatrical Man Pays No Attention to
Charges of AVife and Default
Decree Is Obtained.
MATRIMONIAL TROUBLES
OF THE KOHXS AT AN" END
The fight ; continued for some min
utes, the Junk dealer standing para
lyzed with • fright and offering no as-,
sistance to' the officer. As the three
men swayed back and. forth they
came .'in contacf with the ; shelves
knocking down a lot of iron pipe. In
the scuffle Franklin's pal' broke loose
and ran up Mission to' Eighth and
down the latter, street to Howard,
where he was lost to view.
Taylor handcuffed Franklin and
landed him in Jail and then went out
in search of the other crook, who was
wounded. He believes the man" was
badly injured. He traced a track of
blood to Eighth" and* Howard streets,
where it ceased. He had a good look
at the. other two men and expects
shortly to land -them In custody.'
All three men were between the ages
of 20 and 23 . years. Franklin is 23
years' old ! and- refuses' to tell who, his
confederates are "or. where the lead was
stolen from. He has been arrested be
fore on charges of burglary and rob
bery, j but escaped conviction.
Detective Charles Taylor had a des
perate fight shortly after 8 o'clock yes
terday morning, with, two thieves in
Cooper's jtink, shop, -1130 Mission street.
He, ripped .one man's scalp open . with
a blow from. an iron pipe and hand
cuff ed; the" other and --brought him to
the City Prison. The ! wounded crook
left a trail of blood for-two blocks, but
he was riot recaptured.- ' -\
Sunday .night .the [police received in
formation,, from Cooper * that, three
young men had sold him 220 pounds of
new* sheet: lead., The sale price was $5.
The junk .dealer 'paid them $1 75 and
they were to return yesterday morning
to , get the balance. When they ap
peared for the rest of the money Tay
lor was lying "in .wait for ithem. He
expected bub . one man,- as Cooper had
said nothing about three. ¦¦
. As soon as the crooks entered the
store Taylor grabbed two of them,
husky youths, and attempted to hand
cuff them together. The third man ran
and made good his escape. A desper
ate fight ensued between the remaining
two - thieves ; and the officer. Taylor
threw one of them, Charles Franklin,
to the floor, at the same time keeping
his hold on the other. Franklin's
friend attempted to drag him from the
policeman's grasp, and began to pum
mel Taylor on the head. Taylor seized
a piece of iron pipe and dealt the crook
several vidious blows on the head,
tearing* his scalp so that a stream ot
blood spurted out.
The unusual, spectacle of a "man
charged . 'with , mental . lncompetehcy
prompting the witnesses: who appeared
against him, as to facts and figures,
and then addressing the 'court^ in* de
fense of his", own condition,
was seen yesterday .in Judgep Coff ey f s
court. The examination was "upon the
application of - Maria Maacke for ':, the
appointment of a guardian for her hus
band, Henry J.' Maacke, who, :she al
leges, is not able to care for,* himself
or his property. . V ,' :
Throughout the hearing, .whenever a
witness' memory, lapsed, Maacke sup
plfed the necessary. information. He»is
61 years old," and .for thirty-two r years
was employed -by ; Walter; & Co. | Four
years ago he -:¦ suff ered" 1 from i-,nervous
prostration and lost • his ' positiOA; His
son-in-law, FYed Brune, ..got h him : a
place as doorkeeper, for the Mutual
1 Lithographing Company. Four or five
months ago Maacke's nature and con
i duct underwent a change and, accord
ing to several witnesses, he grew vio
lent in his language, talked of killing
j persons, and said he was going to take
i a trip to , Europe. |
I H. Brandon, shipping clerk for the
j lithographing company, testified that
j Maacke would leave his labors and
sweep the street, putting the dirt in
little piles, in the top of which he
would stick a flag "to stop the. dirt
wagons." It developed that he held his
son's note for $1200 and that of his. son
in-law for $1000.
After the evidence, Maacke, who is
being treated at a sanitarium, asked
the court's permission to speak in his
own behalf. Addressing "his Honor and
members of the profession," the man
read the allegations in his wife's pe
tition and then said, "My wife is the
last woman In the world to whom I
would intrust my property, because
she Is of a .very nervous temperament."
His children, he added, championed
their mother, whether she was right or
wrong; he thought they should not in
•terfere in affairs that were not their
business and* he never interfered with
them. He Insisted that instead of be
ing diseased he "was -a pretty healthy
looking man."
After this he produced a written
statement, and with all the grace of an
attorney at the bar, Bald; "I have some
thing more here, -your Honor, but as
this Is not a divorce case, perhaps It Is
not In your jurisdiction." The Judge
reached for the paper and read it. re
turning it to Maacke when it was fin
ished. It was then learned from his
attorney that Maacke will sue for dir
v-orce. y .
The': Chrlstfan^Church' Ministers* As
sociation 5 met • yesterday, Rev. P.' C.
Macfarlane , in the'ehair. 'The an
nouncement that the" ' Christian church
will hold its next ; convention in San
Francisco in 1905 was* hailed with en
thusiasm. . ¦
The election of officers for. the coin
ing six months resulted in the choice
of Rev. Huber Burr,- president; Rev.
W. H. Atkinson, vice president; Rev.
T. Earl, secretary, and - Rev. F. H.
Maar : treasurer. : • - * •
A called . meeting, of the presbytery
was held yesterday at Presbyterian
House, 920 Sacramento street. Rev.
Dr. John Dlxon of, the Home,Mission
ary Board spoke for some time before
the meeting, which -was. . largely at
tended. " 'i * ' f : : :k
j The Congregational- Ministers' Asso
ciation gave a hearty greeting.yester
day to Rev. Dr. Albert W. Clarlc'who
has acted as missionary of 'the Amer
ican Board of Missions in Bohemia for
thirty-two.years. Dr. Clark has found
ed/eighteen churches in Bohemia, Mo
ravia and Vienna,,; and also founded
the. first^ Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation in Prague, in 1886. The Austrian
Government, which was' at first in
clined to oppose the association,- not
knowing what such an organization
proposed to do,- now acknowledges that
the work helps to make better citizens
and. to-day, said the doctor, there are
eighteen Young IMen's Christian Asso
ciations under his- supervision, .while
there are other branches of the asso
ciation-independent of , his
"J?ipan',can putfmore men In the
field Vthan 1 : could France, and, indeed,
ahe ."caii, still . bring to - 3,000,000
men," sald-Rey; Dr. ]jJH^_Johnson.yes- :
,terday \when addressfngr; the .Methodist
Ministers' 'Association at EpWorth 1 Hall.
The* doctor,- "who/ {has" 'spent' "sixteen
years' in Japan, wasfexplalning to the
ministers : some of the " conditions of : the
Mikado's -country."; . . . -.; ' .- '
Rich Japanese, he -said, : had. as yet
not rbeen called upon tb j contribute to
the - war, the j Government 1 deeming ," it
advisable to hold them back as a pow
erful r*e8er\ r e if needed. Japan' was pre
pared for "a three years*-war. ¦.
In. speaking ,of the progress of Japan
Dr. Johnson- told of; that country's
young nien who had come to 'America
and Europe to receive -an education
and had returned filled with knowledge
of Western lands. They had then been
given positions of ,¦: importance and
trust, hence the progress of Japan.
'Another thing the doctor told that
was of interest. In' speaking of the
preparation of the V Japanese fighting
men, he said that every Japanese was
a , soldier at the age of 20, thoroughly
qualified as a fighting man, and, as in
Germany, might be drawn j upon for
war.
Dr. G. Smyth told the meeting that
one of the Governors of a Chinese pro
vince had made a request ; for New
Testaments and in compliance with
the wish 2000 of the books had been
sent out... t - ; ¦•':.• ; ,- . »
Eccentric - Conduct , of Man
Who Finds His Spouse Too
Nervous to \ Gare for Him
Founder of Y.M.C^. in Far
Off Land Receives Warm
Greeting From Ministers
Plucky JvPqlkeman, Against
Long "Odds, Lands Other
Crook in the City Jail
CAN FIGHT FOR YEARS
FLAGS THE DIRT WAGON
RIPS ONE MAN J S SCALP
Well Known DetectiTe Has
a Desperate^ Encounter
? in, fission Street Store
Dr. J..H. Johnson Says Japan
Caiij: Still ¦ Put
- Soldiers : oh ,^JBatiiefield
H. J. Maacke, Charged With
Being Incompetent, Fights
for Custody of Property
TAYLOR BATTLES
WITH THIEVES
WARRIOR HOST
AWAIT THE CALL
PLEADS AGAINST
WIFE'S PETITION
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO GALL, "TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25,, 1904;
9
Slept ttcainf ef tbt *calp instantly.
CJOING'I G-Q1NG-!! GONE!!!
uincBi niaiE if. : . kwicim rii tin n. , m'un m kukol
iifflfniiAfO IIFfiniAinr ««• of bunttftd h«!r. But. on the other hina.
KrWRnll \ HrRrlli Mr S?fine»tconWuroffem.t«f.celo«, B rt*cho«lU
ilLlf UllU U IlLIll lUllll* attractiveness If the tulr Is scanty or looks dl»-
—. .-.-.._; -.-.^ -.. -,, - .' '- ..:•_ a eased. ,Tb« dandrafl microbe causes dull, brittle
n» tncmsi UM4 tux Til tM Bistnm ttm. . + t i ottrtStMbairwUbUt!er4maAnt1 tj tc hlntt<alp
CUITE HOMELY-^QUITE ATTRACTIVE &!^ l £Z^£$fi^'tt;
TM «6aa> with toMty features will not lack it-" as nature InUndei. A d<fll*htf ul ' h»lr tatttlng.
litittfmmHthm%mi\» aowatd vUhaaatantf^ JJJnKi »ood*rful results, i No oil or iy: ¦'¦ t *
AyyuGATioars at pmoic.nnurT &AJtBc» agpps. ":„.." :¦ '-¦"_... ¦
AMUSEMEXTS.
OPEPAflfHHfiOUSt
— — XIAST WEEX-— —
fnormous Success of the First Production
in English of the Famous Comic Opera.
Der EastelWnfler
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
MATINEE SATURDAY.
HIXT MOV- Th«' London and New York
DAT ITIGHT Musical Comedy Triumph.'
THE MGSr /GER BOY
USUAL TTVOU PRIClS....25c. 30c T8o
/-CALIFORNIA-^
TO-NIQHT — The funniest of them alL*
Mason and Mason I
¦ w ¦
Aa tha Bursar and tha r>tectlv«.
Is Mark E. Swan's Latest Musicai Com"
edy Success,
Fritz and Snitz
NEXT SUNDAY—MATINEE— HAVER- . :
LY*S MINSTRELS, with Billy Van.' "the ',
Assassin of Borrow." and a host of other *
bis. features. Positively the rreatMt-mln-
organization In existence.
ALCAZAR M i^s|"
General Manager. '
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
H. V. Esmond's Delightful Corned jr.
THE S
WILDERNESS
PICTURESQUE SCENERTI
SPARKLING wit! •
ELEGANT COSTUMES!
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION t
Evgs. 23c to 75c; Mats. Sat. and Son., 25c to 60a
October M— DRUSA WAYNE.
CENTRALS
Market st., near Eighth. Phons South 533.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY." 1 "
Most Gorgeous Production of Steele Mact»ye.'»
thrlllln: drama of the "Reign of Terror." '
PAUL KAUVAR
With the popular favorite. Herschel May aiL *
In the Utle role. .
Marvelous mechanical effects.
The rolllotlne and the headsman.
Explosion and burning of city.
Next Week— "THE WORST WOMAN XX
¦ LONDON." ¦ -.,. - _•
GRAND SSglt
MATINEE SATURDAY
. LAST WEEK
ARIZONA
Splendid Cast — Detachment of - Cavalry
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
JANE CORCORAN
Supported by ANDREW ROBSON
in PRETTY PEGGY;
• PRICES. . '
jrt*- ' 0. BBBBHHBHIIH^I
European and Jnerican Stars !
Th« Three Dmnonda: SalllTaa and Pas-.
QUslena; Karrty Comedy Compaay; :
Owlay .and BasdaQ; Techow's Cats;
Iiewls McCord and Compaay; gtaon •/
and Parlj; Jo«ephiu» Do Witt and Or-
pheum Motion Plctores. Showtar "Ta»
Moonshiners."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. TJrurs- ,
day. ¦ Saturday and Sunday. Prices— 10c. S3«
; and 50c. - ' " . ¦
Jlie Biograpfc; Showing; 1 'Personal^;;
And a Splendid Show ETery' Altarnooj, .
-and Evening ta tae Taaa*«r.
TAKE ;• A ¦ RrDE ON THE . " . **
MXHXATUKS EI.ECTKIC ?
SEVEN BABY LIONS, IN THB ZOO.
INSPECT, CABARET DE LA. MORT. " ..
Hear : the Pneumatic . Symphony : fin Tuatilaa "
'•¦- AMATEUR NIGHT". THURSDAY. -"-
ADMISSION....... 10c I CHILDREN. V... ;..*<,
¦ .WhtaPaooins A«k for -"Tb* . Ctatn.^ •
ADVERTISEMENTS. »
Pears'
th© soap for fair,
white hands, bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin.
Sold all over the world.
AMUSEMENTS.
H. W. . BISHOP, Lessee and . Manager.
;,— — ALL THI3 WEEK—— ¦
Oliver Morosco offers " the favorite* of
hla combined stock organizations" in Henry
V. Esmond's. real play of love, Comedy and
Romance. . ,
WHEN WE WERE
TWENTY-ONE
." Look at! the starry -array: Howard- Gonld.
Amelia. . Gardner, : Frank Mac Vicars George
Woodward. Elsie Esmond. . Joseph Callahan
Henry Stockbrldge. Harry ilestayer, and all
the others. --^V£j&jflM9MHB9ttM|
"HAMI.ET" ITEXT
LAST 6 NIGHTS-MatSat;
John C. Fisher. Presents -
By arrangement with ; the Ausnstln Daly > es-
tate,
. The Brilliant Musical Comedy Success,
SAN TOY
With JAMES T. POWESS..
BEGIXjnXO NEXT. MONDAY.
j I SA DOR E R USH
! ' ' In the '¦ Farcical - Comedy Success, . '
GLORIA
.. Seat Sale.' Begins Thursday. ".
;MJSCEIjLAyEOUS^^fPSEMJEXTa. y I
JVliss Sannie Kru|cr
'ASsiSTEDJ BT;'
M iss 1 1 eio h TVlcGabe
. . - "¦ (VIOLINIST.) "
.... .WILL GIVE- A- -
SO NG :R EG I T F\ L
X AT : LYRIC HALL.*;, 12T, EDDY ; ST..
% "A- I THURSDAY * EVEX INO. "¦ OCT. * 27. '
«:v BUCKINGHAM
V ;\ ; LYRIC HALL;' 119 Eddy street. .
and^Hext Saturday: Matinee- -
RESERVED *? "}' it
. ShernTan, * Clay 4 Co'.'a.
A ADVERT1SE3IEXTS. ' '
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under "his
- personal supervision for over SO years. Allow no ona
to_deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
"Just-as-grood!? are but Experiments, and endanger th» >
Health of Children— Experience against JExperunent*
I \Nhai is CASTORIA
Castoria is ' a harmless : substitute for Castor Oil, Pare* a
gone, .Drops and Soothing: Syrups. It Is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotio
substance. Its a«*e is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and aUays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
' Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation, .
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates tho
sS?™^^,^ 11 * 1 Bowels, givinsr healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
TliefiM You Have Always Bought
y* Bears the Signature' of -
In Use For Over 3O Years, i
' tw« ckt«u« eoMwiw, tt mmuT twctt. kiwtom errr.
ADVERTTRt^fF^STS. . '
' "«<"- \ WUU.i.R.,i.,-|| .1 nil,.,,.
M\\^J WFi V^t^.» f-J^^-.^ vtf^yrY^"** \ij*\*' : * ¦<* " " "* * * '*" * " * **"M^Bl '
1 ¦ * a £tft«'2r 1 mi * • * •*•** •* V^
I Mrs. L. C Glover, Vice Pres. Milwaukee,!
Wis., Business Woman's Association, Js
another one of the million women who
have been restored to health by using
Lydia E* Pinfcham^s Vegetable Compound*
" ? rAa Bs * Pr^™ 1Jf * x "•»*• married for seTeral years and no children
aLT^tfft ht Tt ThC d °l^ Mld - 1 had * «»=Pli~tion of female trouble"
I could not hare any children unlew I cotdd be cured. He tried to cure
me, cut alter expcnmenting for seTeral months, my husband became dis-
p«.e<l, and one night when wo noticed a testimonial of a woman who had
bten cured of similar trouble through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's
\ egetable Compound, he went out and bought a bottle for me. I used
your medicine for three and one half months, improving steadily in health
*? w V reaty * two month s » child came. I cannot fully express the joy and
thankfulness that is in my heart. Our b/jme is a different place now, as we
have something to lire for, and all the credit ia due to Lydia E. Pinkham's
\ eatable Compound. Yours very sincerely, Mrs. L. C. Glover, 614 Grove
St., Milwaukee, Wis." Vice President, Milwaukee Business Woman's Ass'n.
Tr«3^ m^^ bould n ?* fai i£° profit b * tho experience of these two
woinen ; just as surely as they were cured of the troubles enume-
rated in their letters, just so certainly will Lydia E. Pinkham's
A ezetable Compound cure others who suffer from womb troubles,
inflammation of the ovaries, kidney troubles, nervous excltabilitv!
£oi£ *™** Prostration ; remember that it is Lydia E. Pink-
Ham s \ e^etable Compound that Ls curine women, and don't allow
any drugrgist to sell you anything else in fts place? ?
An Indiana Lady Tells of a Wonderful Cure:—-.
v£g2^9i?5||w " Deab Mrs. Pikkham : It is a pleasure
jT^r^^y \i-&8tb*>. or me Trrite and tel1 """hat jour wonderful
JPj0r^f' medicine has done for me. I was sick for
JgagSfc? three years with change of life, and my
_~ 3# ipaHL physician thought a cancerous condition of
f-^% bV <3f*l *&* ra «*?» l^ e wom^-, During these three years I
j : - R, 1 ' Ym gi suffered untold ag-ony.
I* I Av«K Vm BBSS *'I cannot find words in which to e»-
— *iii*» Mr Mg?3 press my bad feeling's. -• I did not expect to
V^V**Tv a^^^T eTer 6ee another well day. I read some of the
J\rage§ \>7^ii^m'--y testimonials recomending your medicine and
ftraSy*? jr. Vy^^KiSSl decided to write to you and give vour treat-
<) 1 ) , A ment * triaL
'l ; /^T y, i 'O "Before I had taken half a bottle , of
\ i [ / J Lydh* E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
\ \ \ ' • • 4 pound, I be?an to sleep. I have taken now
• i 1 ' 4 /> > " x and am so well I can do all kinds
) J ] \ of work."— Mrs. Lizzie Hdtxij:, Salem, Ind.
If there is anything- In your case about which you would like
special advice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkham. She can surely help
you, for no person in America can speak from a wider experience
in treating: female ills. Address is Lynn, Mass. ; her advice is free
and always helpful.
FORFEIT^ cm not forthwith produce the origins! letters and sleoatoret of
\*1 1 1 . I £ I fci " JTe tuumooiils, which will prore their absolute genuineness.
VUUUU Ljdia K. Finkhmm Med. Co., Lynn, Maw.
; ADVEimSEMENTS. <
Liebig Company's
gr6at grazing farms ,'in^ Uru-
guay^ cover 1,100-- square
miles, -where ') 145,000 cattle
fatten., * It , is ty^far the lar-
s gest companyjin 'tlte wbrld
making concentrated beef
: ' foods only^and the principal
product > of h this ;, immense
factory . isv the^ world, known
blue signature brand,
vLiebig Company's ,
Extract of Beef
IPajiraS D0NT FAIL TO
rdldCe 8 ee tha beautiful
j !:,: : COURT -.Lounging
3110 room ' EMPIRE
UUU PARLORf-Tthe
"11,,.— J PALM ROOM; tho
Hotels W^??™
§g Send f »r t Cat»t»m»» of Muslc.1:¦ THE:SAN FRANCISGO : CALLy -TUESDAYy .OCTOBER 25,-1904. ;
10
EMPLOYMS5T WAgTIP- aaCaJ^-gon.
YOUNG Eastern man "wishes position to work
mornings and evenings for board and o,?,
injr.Xis he is desirous of attending e *VtV*
durlrnt the day. Box 4394, Call office.
BRIGHT. Intelligent, handy young man. ¦->*«>,
German and English, deslrea position aa^T
ter. lunch man or any kind of work. r£
3672. Call offlce. *" ltax
COMPETENT and experlsnced account-,
wants ; sets r of books to keep. openl" S , ;
* closing f books, experting accounts, etc 5
22*3. Call offlce. x ' Bo »
ACCOUNTANT— Graduate, with long » T s« r T
. ence and highest . credential* ts to char^c-.Z
and ability, seeks position: modem jjitem*-
correspondence confidential. Box 42ii, caii
A middle-aged gentleman possessing t-»cT~h^T
ress and executive ability solicits cfJw 1.'"
resentatlon of responsible business firm JTZ.
agency for Southern California; a ns'Atnt nr
Los Angeles, now in this city; unqu*>3t!cnahi«
references. Address box 3412. CaU office,
YOUNG man and wife want positions; nw
flrst-claaa coachman, do gardeoins 1; j^.
quired; wife & good cook or second work-
references. Box 3720, Call offlce.
LIVE *knd experienced salesman (soeciai er
general) would engage with r*«pon»!b:»
house; speaks German and Scandinavian • *i
references. Box 3698, Call otfloe.
*
YOUNG honest gentUman wants t» work for
family where he can mak* use of his tech-
nical education; college graduate. -Box iiVi.
Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger, gralner. eto., sstti:ne
here, wants work with good firm; flm-claw
experience in England and Canada. W1L-
LEY. 423 Eddy st.
YOUNG man.- well recommended, with high
. school education, experienced cleric, deaire*
gg* U 3y Can!"- " Ct * t * Tr ° r • teao^^ er -
A YOUNG man would like a steady place i.n
country as bartender or wait at table; bes:
of references. Address R. E.. 125 Lladea
St., Oakland.
AN intelligent, active young man desires sttu-
ation as assistant bookkeeper; best references;
moderate salary; willing- to go aaywhere.
Box 4203. CaU offlce.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
room; good references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kaarny st. 1- .
CHANCE front line battle of life to work for
. reputation ;- moderate salary:' good penman:
business man; total abstainer; 28; must have
. work or go under. Box 3432, Call offlce.
YOtJNG man, bookkeeper and stenographer!
wishes position as salesman of gents* fur-
nishing goods. Address C C P.. 2820 Six-
teenth St.. city.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
closing books, expextlng accounts, etc. Box
2263. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by an all-around engineer.
electrician and machinist; long experience In
raining; has tools; temperate. L. J. DOW.
. Folsom. Cal.
YOUNG man wishes rcsltlon as clerk in
grocery; has had 5 years' experience. Ad-
dress box 3563. Call offlce.
YOUNG man, 17 years old. wishes position in
offlce; can run typewriter; am cow learn-
ing shorthand: salary. $30. Box. 3408. Call.
YOUNG man wishes position as night clerk in
cigar store; best of references. Address S.
M.. 152S O'Farrell st.
POSITION by young man 22 years old. wHare
there 'Is - good chance to advance; salary no
object. Address box 4350. CaU offlce.
BARBER of 2% years' experience wishes a po-
' sltion in a country ahop; strictly sober.
Address J. M. F., 14 Salmon sL, S. F.
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman for
tailoring firm; first-class references and Al
line, of customers., Box 433A, Call office.
POSITION by married man. no children, aa
foreman on cow ranch. Address box 2714.
Call offlce. E
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
. references. Address I. B.. 759
Folsom,; st. .
WANTED — Position . aa colloctor; can furnish
good references and . bond. Box 1463, Call
offlce, Oakland.
BY German gardner as first man. or as man
alone on private place; Al references. Box
! 3944. Call offlce.
; SITUATION wanted . by man and wife to taks
charge of country hotel; experienced and 1
references. Box 3742. Call office.
COOK and wife desire situations: man good
cpok and baker; wife good waitress or sec-
ond work in kitchen. Box 421S. Call offlce.
COACHMAN and gardener, all round handy
man. can milk, wishes position; good refer-
ences. . . Box 4206. Call offlce.
GOOD mechanic wishes work; special operating
tables, washstand and all kinds hospital
furniture. Box 3530. Calt offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants work by the day;
best of references. Box 4319. Call offlce.
STEADY and reliable grocery clerk wishes po-
sition In small store. Box 4312. Call office.
WANTED— Position as stableman: young man;
understands care of horses. T. A. P., W 6th.
YOUNG man wishes situation as collector. Box
3870. Call. .
BUTLER wiehes a position; city or country:
has first-class refer«ne«9. Box S73S. . Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants- situation as school-
boy. R. ICHIKAWA, 61 Minna St.
A PORTER wishes position; best of references.
Box 3472. Call office.
BARBER wants position Saturday and 9un-
day. 109 Third st. _"___
BOY. 18. with some experience In grocery.
Box 3498. Call office. -
YOUNG' Japanese, boy wishes situation as
schoolboy. G. MATSU. 17S3 Baight St.; teL
Park 21S. "...
A NEAT youns Japanese -strong boy wants a
¦ position as waiter on table." to do housework
in rood family; 'speaks good English. E\
' NAKAO. 5C9 Sutter st.
A NICE young Japanese boy desires position as
• waiter or general -housework: . speaks well.
JIRO. 14S4 Fulton St.; phone Paga 4075.
A JAPANESE exprrienced" cook wants posi-
tion in private family. K. S.. 15 1 1 Polk st.
Tel. Larkin SS62.
JAPANESE • couple want • a place to family;
man good cook; wife any kind of work. K.
, K.. 1 Adelaide pi.. Taylor St.. bat. Post and
. Geary sts. _ -¦ ¦* .»
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
- work and help kitchen: small wages; city or
country.^ - T. ITOW, 951 »Webster st.'. Oak-
land.'. .-. ; ' ¦ " , ..
JAPANESE wants position as waiter at table
or housework in family. C T. CHARLY.
.719 Valencia St.; phone 3296.
JA PANESE honest boy ¦ wants position - aa
schoolboy in a nice family. A. B.. - SI
\ Minna *t-'"4£f8BR3SCf{
JAPANESE school boy; fine cook; nousekeep-
Ing; economy; wages $4 week. GEORGE.
2316 California st.
YOUXG 'Japanese boy. wants place as school-'
boy. II AM ADA. 1026 Oak St.: teL Fell 1154.
CH1NKSE. first- cUss cook, wants position:
private family., Box 3715. Call offlce.. .
-". '•¦•••' iTgAjrciAii. ..¦."¦--•¦;
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BO3TD8.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease: auartsctf
' Interest.
... Bend for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS ANT> F1NA3JCTB CO C£*C\
t . 1172 Broadway. Car. 14U» St..
¦ Oakland.
THE RKALTT 8TNDICATE. *
: Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
. Eurplus ; ."..........., 940,00183
¦ Issues - y -..
Six per cent
¦_ At par.
Otflc*-No.'14'Sansoin9 street.
Ban Francisco, 'Cai. \,
COMPANIES formed > mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
1 Writa A. F. HARASZTHT. 622 Crossle/ bids
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy #t.". cor.' .Market* and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds'of business chances.
FOR eale— Well-furnished 6-room ark, moored
one hour's ride ¦ from - city; fine chance I for
summer outing, also for winter scooting and
fishing; comrjletely furnished ; and . equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new k and modern: accommodates '12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. %
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 60 stalls:
rent only $75 per month;\well stocked with
horses, -buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good. business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st. i
FOR sale— Stationery, school supplies, dress
linlnga; well located, cheap rent; doing good
business: 3 living rooms; stock will "¦ invoice
more than Drtce asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy «t.' ' ¦ •'.
EXCHANGES made in air kinds oi real es-
tate, rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy St. • "
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city;' 7
acres in . shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished;. 2
bars, dancing- pavilion,, shooting, gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease: sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. . /
FOR «ale — One. of the beat hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and. cement businesses . in
. S. F. : cheap rent; horses ; and- wagons; all
equipments; oresent owner has made- a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800. Der month; trial given if
desired: part down. CAMERON & CO. y
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished; horse ando
buggy; fine well; 16 minutes' walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; enap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. (.
FOR Bale — Restaurant in East Oakland ; good
location and paying business. Box 1591,
CaJl offlce.
PARTNER for dressmaking and halrdressing
with capital. Box 4327, Call offlce.
FOR sale — A saloon doing a first-class busi-
ness; centrally located. . Further particulars
of box J777, Call office. ¦
SALOON license for sale. Apply to C. ROUL-
LIER. 28 Main st.
SMALL restaurant for sale; 4 housekeeping
" con.; good lease; bargain. Box 3S66. Call.
RESTAURANT doing a splendid business for
eale; reasonable. Call 504 Turk et.
FOR sale — Corner saloon; good -business. -835
Bryant st.
FOR sale — A good planJng-mlll in Sonoma
County: $2250. Box 3110. Call offlce. -
$1000 — CORNER saloon; good location: rent
$35. Inquire 729 Mission, cigar store.
IiOPPnaTJr-HOTJBES FOB SAI.E.
MARION GRIFFInT
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market 6ts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
$350 DOWN AND $500 . IN PAYMENTS.
An especially well-furnished rooming-
house in good location, on sunny side;
12 large rooms ; Income $60 over rent ;
electric lights; refined, roomers; will
sell at a sacrifice.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450 — tO rooms; house poorly furnished: forced
sale: good opening for. right party.
t u. ,_,...- y;*-\; .^MARION GRJFFIN.
$2500—50 ROOMS; well -furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well.
MARION GRIFFIN. •
$2000— 38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150 month-
ly; very select, boarders; owner elck:
will take small ' roomlng-houee in ex-
change and time on balance. . '¦ .
. :. MARION GRIFFIN.
$75<V— 16 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for 12
years; nice location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market. -
MARION -GRIFFIN. .
$1000 DOWN and $1000 on "time; absolutely
. the best furnished 20-room house in
this city; lease for 4 years; furnishings
cost $5000 . In June last ; year it owner
sick In WALDECK HOSPITAL; buyer
mutt go with agent from this offlce. •¦.
- MARION GRIFFIN. -
$400 DOWN apd .$10 monthly: 24 rooms; ex-
tra nice blrdseye maple; fine carpets:
apartments: roomers : : care ¦ for • their
rooms; 3-year lease; owner ¦.¦• occupies
4 nice rooms- and puts.- $U1'.' In -bank
.monthly. MARION GRIFFIN. 7.
$200 DOWN and $200 In-payments of only $10
monthly. WITHOUT INTEREST: 8
sunny rooms; all open ¦-• on to hall; * C
• blocks" north of "Market; cause,! heart
" • failure. . ; MARION GRIFFIN.
$217 PROFIT monthly GUARANTEED by
owner on a cash Investment, of $3000;
no more to pay;, a nice, clean, * large,
well-furnished rooming-house. ¦
" MARION.' GRIFFIN. '.'¦
SACRIFICE SALE.
$7500 — 180 rooms; one of . the ; handsomest and
most modern- apartment houses/ in this
•• : city." GRAND LOCATION; .> BEAUTI-
FUL, ALMOST NEW FURNITURE;
cost $15,000; will" clear $7500 yearly;
GREATEST BARGAIN KVER'OF-
- FERED. Agent- from -this offlce\wlll
accompany buyer. Exclusively with *".
MARION GRIFFIN.'
Cut this ad out and : when you come to San
Francisco call andieee-us at. room 400; Ex-
aminer bulldinz. . .' * - ;¦•' ¦'-.."
N. B-— Turn- on { to -this proposition : the
fierce rays of a powerful intellectual search-
« light and you'll discoVer.no flaw. ¦•:-•:'¦ .-¦•¦:
• WINSTON. WOLF- &< WHITMAN.
Hotels. Apartment/Houses; Lodging Houses and
' Flats.-
Insurance. .- * . ' . Loans
1020 Market st. ' 1020 Market st!
11 . rooms, rent $50; .- Pine " st. ; ; 4 \ rooms unfur-
nlshed.- only '.$250; see this. ¦•._; .
21 . rooms, ¦ rent : $15; corner; -. reduced ' to • $650-
a money maker..;. ¦ • . :.«.-; _'
14 rooms, . rent $70;- 8 "furnished; this is a
•¦ snap ' at . $350. _ "afSBS#£aSgBBMIBlMB8H
40; rooms,, rent $70; -reduced j to $1375; same
;. owner, 8. years;: north:of.- Market. ¦'
37:robme,' near -Market', Mease; rent $110- must
sell ; $1100;- a". barraln;- " '
21'rooms, rent $75;'.near Van Ness; must sell-
¦ asking $1200. part. cash.. ' ¦
80 rooms. 'long lease.: rent $370; finest In citv •
• reduced ; to $5700. :;.v.-.y_. ,. ,.:"-'<;
IF you are; looking for- flats' we' have, them
* lees than auction'- prices; ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-. '* -. .. ,
¦ -- WINSTON; AVOLF. & WHITMAN •
y Phone "Jcfisle! 2211; ,'" ¦..;.,._ .1026 Market? st."
¦:-. y \ " Mitchell :&ico. : ; -,-* ;y v .-. ¦-.-.¦ i\
1206 Market st.;-' - . ,¦ .; t-: Phone "Jessie 2981
, .- *j Rooming t and ¦¦ apartment houses," hotels and
. flats' sold .to? suit i purchasers; titles f guaran-
. teed." "^- : \y MITCHELL &^c6.v'. y. "^* ;¦
AN Telegant , residence,"-; 17 » room s," 1 charmi ng "'. lo- '
¦/, , cation;, rent $65; reas.jMitchell.^lioe Market^-
$600-^-10 rooms;'| Nfof ¦ Market;." transient house ;
¦s t urnltureiand » carpets • good; ; rent 1 $40; * clear- ''
ii~ ing. $100 month;; Call .room 1 ly 017«: Market> st.^
NICELY furnished'll-room^ouse; sunny side*
• reasonable. 608 Eddy st. -.-.-¦'. r ¦ :.-'"-,
A— $1600: CORNER cigar stand on Kills St.;
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N." Y. ; a eacrl-
flce. See R. G. WILKE. 26 u .Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER saloon. 8. of Market; Sixth
#t.; cheap »pent; 4 years' lease; a bargain.
See R. O. WILKE> 26^ Kearny at.
A— (4000; RESTAURANT and cafe close to
Market and Powell sts.: rent $300; lease;
place elegantly fitted up and dolnc a large
buslneEs; best Class of patronage; owner, en-
gaged in other business; must sacrifice. See
R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny tt.
A— $C500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent- $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny rt.' '¦¦
A— *300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner: rent $30; best location; business pay-
ing well. R. G. WILKE. 2QV4 Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
In eight. See R. G. WILKE. 26 & Kearny.
A — $1500; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
location the very best; established years, and
a first-class paying business. All particulars
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — (2300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
horses, 6 wagons, bue, road buggy, harness
and stocV; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. Q. WILKE. 28^ Kearny St.
A — $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location on Geary Bt. ; rent $30; lease; a good
paying and old established business; disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale. See R- O.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. ¦
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. CaJl R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A — $1500; CORNER rrocery and bar; Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4^4 years'
lease: splendid location and good-paying
business. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A — $S00; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny et. .
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar, with liv-
ing-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mission
et.; 'place established years;, fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St..
A' — $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good -business; full value in Eight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26» / aKearny.
A— $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acre3
of lann; house of 4 rooms, dining- rcom. kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A — $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-claas paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. _ See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 85 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with, good trade; cloie to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny Bt.
A— $150; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daly receipts about $20; best location north of
Market St. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavlllcn; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5- year- lease. See
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. *
A— $3500; CORNER. grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $00: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
F. A. BROOKBANK C. H. NORTON
BROOKBANK-NORTON CO..
•„ BUSINESS AGENTS,
817 Market st.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
ilOty- CIGAR stand: 4th-st. location: doing nice
business: rood stock and fixtures: rent $10;
don't miss this. See Brookbank-Norton Co. ¦
SALOON — Market St.: good fixtures, fair stock:
2 entrances ;reasonable rent: owner at death's
door and will sacrifice for $700 to settle es-
tate ; bargain. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
CORNER saloon; Wholesale dis.; receipts $20;
bargain for $1100. See Brookbank-Norton Co.
GROCERY and bar. license: also saloon license
for sale cheap. See Brookbank-Norton Co. .
f250— PARTNER well-paying cigar stand;
must be steady, reliable man. See Brookbank
leOQ AND services secures % interest in old
estab. tent and awning manufacturing busi-
ness; party must be able to manage offlce,
or will take a good mechanic. Full partlcu-
lars with BROOKBANK-NORTON^ CO.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or cell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone, Folsom 3468.
$350— PARTNER: must be honest, 'sober, re-
Uable. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$650 TO S10.000 — Saloons that will stand in-
vestigation. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
RESTAURANT; also delicatessen stores at
bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny.
$20CX) — GROCERY and general merchandise
store in good town 30 miles from S. F.; do-
ing good business; cheap rent: 5 living rms;
barn. Morse & Perry. 632 Market; room B.
BARBER shop fixtures for sale; two revolving
chairs; 2 Etands; 5 mirrors; other articles;
worth $S0; sell at sacrifice. Box 3977. CaJl.
$600— GROCERY and liquors; fresh stock; good
trade; nice, sunny living rooms; cheap rent;
bargain. Phone Blue 221.
FOR sale — Meat market: clears $250 per month:
owner retiring November 1. Address box
38S3. Call offlce.
A GENTLEMAN wants a lady partner* for a
boarding-house. Address box 1471, Call office,
Oakland. ' ' !
FOR sale — Good bootblack stand. 729 Mission
etreet.
RESTAURANT for eala; reasonably Rood busi-
ness: owner- leaving city. Box 3S86, Call. '
SALOON license for sale; $325. 635 Howard
street. ¦
BRIGHT business man. with $2300, will. find
best' chance ever was offered -for sale; me-
chanic preferred; state age and your former
occupation; references required. Box 341a
CaU office. • ' •..-.-¦ ...
:--j f. l: skaggs & co. / -- .-'
Leading legitimate hotel brokers of the
West. 26 . Montgomery st., S. •. F.; phone
James C301. Hotel men invited .to call. .
CARRIAGE trimmiiur. harness and carriage
business: great sacrifice on account of loss of
eyesUht. THEODORE . FRANK, 373 Tenth
Et.. Oakland.
BUSINESS associate wanted; lady or gentle-
man; Inveetment $200 to $1000; profits larg«,
work acreeable: : investments and profits
guaranteed. P. O. ' box 424, Oakland, Cal."
FINE delicacy store, near Market st.;' clear-
ing big money: cash burtnese; long lease;
best chance for man and wife. Inquire at
49 Mason -t.
AN excellent paying grocery business- good
trade; good routes:- rent reasonable, as pro-
prietor ¦ owss building. Box 1454, Call of-
flce. Oakland. : : _ »
DON'T hesitate! ¦ Opportunity knocks at- your
door; Investigate our -proposition; we are
going to dliburee . dividends at "the "rate- of
25 per cent per month. Room 6. 231 Post st.
SNAP — Grocery ; and bar; long lease:' low
r«nt; bargain; doing good business. Inquire
at 3153 Twenty-fourth st.
FOR sale— Bar: 7 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; 5 years' lease; on Mission
road. E. MONI, 810 Pacific, bet. 8 & 9 a. m,
PARTNER. . detective and collection; i estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25. 1014
Broadway, Oakland. A .
FOB sale— Interest in 'an industrial i proposi-
tion; Kilt .edge; investigate. Address box
31MS. Call offlce.
OYSTER-HOUSE for sale, cheap; owner wants
to go away. Call at 150 Fifth sty 0 : ;
A : CANDY ' stone; >' must ; sell ; . any reasonable
offer accented. y Inquire 1427^ Market at^y"
; A* COR. grocery delicatessen." with 2 furn.' rms;
rent $15; 3-year lease. ¦ 1300 Church st. . ,
WANTED— To buy , a' cigar stand : ' state price
and r location. ¦ -. Box , 1077. j Call v of flce.V: - ; v
"WANTED— Restaurant ;Vprtce must be reason-
• able for location and trade. ; Box ; 1922," Call.
J200--BRA NCH • bakery, candy. ' stationery.' no-
tlon«.'etc; 14 sunny rms.; rent $1S. % 1469 15th.
FOR sale--Dairyj produce, delicatessen* store:
: 4 rooms.' bath ; rent ' $25. , 2208 Mission st.-**- '
ROUTE for BSle. 699 Berlin sC '?,-.,
THB^CALL
OUS P. 6PRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
IQIiy McXACGHT. ..Manager
VV. J. MARTI X Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. T.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
XJeJirered by Carrier*, 20 Cts.Per Week. "5
Ct«. Per Month. Single Copies B cts i.,.^
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : „ ..
DAILY CALL rtnelud. Sunday). 1 year...$* .00
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL-By Single Month "»e
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear 2.50
WEEKLY CALU 1 Yew -\°°
„.„_..„ 1 Daily. ..fS.SO Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. J -neekly. 1.00 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eampls Copies wfll be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail nbscrlbers in ordering change of ad-
dress tfcould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in crder to Insure a,
prempt aad correct compliance wit* their re-
QBKSt.
OAKLAND OFFICE t
1016 Bro*«wajr Telephone Mala ID83
BERKELEY OFFICE J
Hit Cester etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMTTEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 81
Union Souare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HcSman House.
CHICAGO KEWS ETANDS:
Eberman House; P. O. News Co.: Oreat
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE :
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
CLong Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. BMTTH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco Cfil.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
• 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite F}fth; open until
11 p. m. • >
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 p. m.
Hayes ttreet: open tsntll 9:30 p. in.
CG9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
J06 Eleventh etreet ; open until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia etreet 1 open until 9 p. m.
Northeast -corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillrnore ttreet; open Tsntil 9 p. m.
MESTIZO NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and o
A. M. — Called meeting THIS (TUES- VV
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third />r\
degree. By order of W. M. •
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. »
M. Masonic Temple— Third degree Hf\f
THIS (TL'F.5DAY> EVENING at 8 -'VN
o'clock. Master Masons- courteously
Invited. HENRY E. PEN NELL. W. M.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
OFFICERS asd members of South San
Francisco Lodge No. 212. F. and A.
M-. are hereby notified to assemble at'/^»
their lodgeronm at 12:3i> o'clock WEDNES-
DAY, October 26. 1904. thtnee to Masonic
Tpirple. corner of Post and Montgomery t-ts.,
¦where the funeral services will be held over
the remains of our deceased brother, JOHN
BAYLE. By order of the W. M.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
EAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. m
and A. M., Mission Temple — Third %/^f
degree THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING
et 7:45 o'clock. Visltire brethren cor-
c:a!'.y in\-ited. By ord*!r of th» W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204. -^^JfrSUr-
I. O. <"> F. — Officers nr.fi mem--"^a|Ss5JJ.
bers assemble at our lo3jreroom^^&S?Sr?!|r
en TT7ESDAT. October 25. at 12 * ! *l*t5*''
in., for the purpose nf attending the funeral
of our late brother. T. R. McLEOD.
F. N. HOLMES.
THE German Genera! Benevolent Society —
Quarterly meeting FRIDAY, October 28. at 8
o'clock p. m., at Union-square Hall, 421 Post
et. Election of nominating committee.
HENRY EPSTEIN, President.
CARL JANTZEN, Secretary.
AQSBTTS WAgTEJ.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building. .
WANTED — Experienced high grade -solicitors.
Call bet. » and 10. 559 Parrott building.
INKLEES fountain p»ns: earaple 15c: dozen
tl 50; retails 2.V-. FIEID CO.. 119 Bush ft.
ATTOMrjBTB-AT'LAy.'
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
la no ftood; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty;, quick: quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market *t-
ST. MATTHEWS. 632 Market st. — Consultation
free, private and confidential: no advance
fees; business promptly and legally transact-
ed: collections, mechanics' liens, tenant*
ejected; probate; loans on real estate; safe
sound investments at highest rate of interest.'
, ». W. KING. Attomey-at-Law. Exam, bldg
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years; all courts, general court and offlce
practice; co fees in advanoe or for ccnculta-
Uon; evening* by appointment. Tel.Red 3601.
XA— Divorce: costs $12 ;qulck.qulet;advice free-
all law business; no charge unless ruccpnt-
fnl; open evenings. 827 Market St.. room 301.
*«e; divorce costs $12; no fees or
2Sf fut,*^*" 1 .*" law bu **"««: office
open Saturday evenings. 613 Market st..r.33.
«J1 law business; no char/re unless cuccess-
tcl; open evenings. 027 Market, room 204.
L. 6. CLARK. 327 Market, room 304; consult*.
| Mon free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
AJSTHMA CTJHE.
W .£^ 8
..l^ Wlshart. 10th and Washing oSgunl'
AJST1K>I,OGY.
Z Y%!E£ K ', sstrologer;' psy^hicT^SiirinTsT.
trological readings. 9 Mason st.. rooms 1-2.
• - ATTTOMOBn.ES.
"^. t C^ DrLlLj iL C: , Ufse<1 3 ~»onths; complete
with lamps, baskets, extra tlre^ VtrT • «i?i-
£300. 613 Sixteenth St., Oakland. ' P C
CADILLAC for J650; better than new as it
'BOAgnrjo roB CHnnsE*.
A PRIVATE family will board a girl from t
to 8; nloe home. 885 Oak st.
WANTED— A. little" girl to board. 2262 Mls-
*!on rt. ¦
WANTED— A little g-lrt to board. 1015 Jack-
son st.
*.V ANTED-^Chilfiren . to room and board. 8*>i
Jackson st.,* rear.
¦WAirTED— To boerd a child. 10« Larkin st.
WANTED— A* small child "to boerd in private
family; best of care.. S61H' Greenwich rt.
WASTED — A child to board. Apply 2260 Mis-
t-ion st. ".- : . .. , -• »-"¦>..¦¦'
OOLIigCTIOg AOEWCITS.
WANTED— Bills ' to -'collect under 2 years'
ctaudlng by competent and reliable .' man.
For information apply, to; A. T.v EIGEL-
KOFT. OT7 Market st... room. 104.. .I-,: i-
; ;
«AD t*ntsts ejected far $4;; collections, made:
city or country. Pacifle Collection Co... 415
Montgomery si. rooms fl-10. Tel. Main S5S0.
CLOTHtKQ KElfO VATPrO.i
euiTS el car.'d and pressed.- *1 ; ecourlng t and
<3 veins. Bon Karche, Examiner bid*. , r. - 410;
: t*on« Drumm.44. CaU for and deliver £re«.
A CALL WAN¥ AD : W mm FOURN5 .TO THE COST
r.OPOHTQ-HOTJ8ES FOB BALE— Con.
A— CAMERON . & CO., ' - Phone South 1050.
'¦*¦ 3 Eddy i St., cor. r Market : and v Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Hou»es, Hotels and
AlliKlnds of Business Chances. \",.*.:
180 rooms; grand, new modern apartment-
• house; ; elegantly furnished v and equipped;
.- cheap. rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600
per . month; close in- full of nice people;
bargain if taken v at once; -dissolution of
partnership. • . *
9-room' flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
; furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
60 "rooms"; new.' modern building; : elegantly,
furnished: close In- full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
..to.get an . up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
¦ : ' - N '¦ ' * - ¦ " *¦'' ¦' - -~
7-room" modern flat- close in; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down-
town location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-clasg condition"; good furniture and car-
pets; ¦ clearing, now $200 per month; if run
I transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
here is best, proposition in city. ¦
21 rooms; rent' $145; new and elegantly fur--
nlshed; oak -and mahogany; fine' proposi-
tion; good lease.
128 rooms; cheap relit; long lease: first-class
¦ up-to-date downtown ' house ; well furnished {
- clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business 1 ; only with us. •'
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
.- nlture -and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house in
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
. thing -:¦ flrst-claas condition; - will - trade for
• Oakland, ' Alameda' or Berkeley property : 01
. - ranch in California; must leave city. .
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. . :*.y:^'
30 rooms;) newly furnished throughout; flve-
1 year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making * house; part down, ' balance reas-
onable interest. •-
108 . rooms; rent only $5 60 per room; long
1 lease; .up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric . lights, bell ¦ and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clear-
ing -$350' to $450 at bargain;: owner obliged
to leave for Europe to- settle an estate; makt
offer; exclusively with us. ,. .:'.:--;
1 45 grooms, : rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full;
best buy in city; account of sickness; price
$1500.
Have new, modern 82-room house; rent $375;
electric lights, elevator, corner;, everything
, up-to-date; owner will exchange for im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10,000. 1
Model apartment-house. 2 and 8 rooms each;
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; 6-year
lease; there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account
of sickness. ' .
31 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all, In fine chape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. "
Large list of- real estate, rooming houses and
business/ for exchange or trade always on
hand. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. -
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 79C.
1020 MARKET ST. OPP. 5th st.
RELIABLE DEALINGS and EASY TERMS.'
SATISFACTION TO ALL.
; -OUR SPECIALS.
18 rooms, rent only $40 $500
• 6 rooms, rent $20, a nice home........ $125
- 7-room flat, elerant. worth $800... :. ...$400
25 rooms north >of Market, speculation. $750
82-room - apartment-house, elegant. . . .. $.3,100
34 rooms, cheap rent, lease, a bargaln.$1200
AND MANY OTHERS.
FOR Bale — First-class lodging-house, 16 rooms,
2 baths; all. full; cheap rent; fine location;
bargain. . Box 3601,", Call offlce. ,- ¦
FOR eale— 15-room ; rooming- house. Apply 815
. Geary st.' - .* , . ;
FIRST-CLA'SS 21-room lodging-souse.: Inquire
grocery, 1030; Folsom st.
HOUSE of fourteen' rooms?" well furnished, for
housekeeping. "427 O'Farrell- st. ¦< ' ¦ - : ¦¦'
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened ''at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. -.. ; ¦ "¦:¦-¦•
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great — ELLSMERE. .Ellsmere. — the great
Egyptian" ster, palmist, mediuml the greatest
clairvoyant in the world; tells: your name,
' what yon called for, whom and when you will
marry, about business. etc. ; Ellsmere Is differ-
ent from other clairvoyants, ' because he does
what they claim to do; things'that are beyond
¦ ordinary understanding,. things that seem Im-
possible; he gives you-, information, relief, sue-
; cess, satisfaction, power 1 and control of any
character affecting any one or anything past,
present or future; h- tells you Just what you
may expect and what to do. for your best In-
terests in any matter;" he awakens a. natural
. force within and around you, glv!ng you a se-<
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
. influence. unhappinesj3, disease," *>verty, fail-
ure or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens
up,a way. for success and happiness you -de-
Elre; a power to secretly change the thoughts,
... .actions, habits or Intentions of any one, even
miles away: remember -there is no guesswork
when you consult him; if affairsof the heart
, .or. emotions, of love Interest; you, he gives
-exact and truthful advice on all love affalrs-
he^ advises you how to settle lovers', quarrels
ana enables you to win the esteem and love o£
any. cne you desire. ¦¦ ¦ ' . .- ¦ ¦ . ¦ .. : •• " . -
aofflLes. 10C7Vi Market street. ¦ 3 offices.
Open bunday. every day. 10 to 8. Mall, $2. '
. : ' • RICHARD MAYO. .¦:;¦¦ ' ¦ '¦¦ ¦' •"¦"
' CLAIRVOYANT.
At' a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you = came " for
and,what-,you want to know. ,
HE TELI^5 YOU i «. .
¦ .HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS V.-.
Whether 7 your present business Investments
will, be .successful. No matter what : may be
your . hope. f.;ar or ambition, call on this gifted
man and fin-J relief.- His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though they
stood- before you. He .tells - you * everything,
Kooa . or bad ; you hear, the truth . and ¦ nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented, un-
happy, "discouraged., unsuccessful or * ln>» HI
health,- call on Professor Mayo and he wiiraid
you In life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
snd.happlness. Satisfaction guaranteed or no
fen accepted. - , •¦ • ,:..'-.•
READINGS THIS AVKEK REDUCED TO ONE
DOLLAR.-. -" i i .y :
421A' : 'EUIs. st. -(Private) Flat. Hours 10 a. m.'
' : " •' * - to 8 p. m. .--. -.*¦"•
v ' ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU. -
;Hls former J5 reading this week for $1.
* - PAUL D3ST1NE, - -
- The • first ,' registered -.trance .- clairvoyant "and
• . -palr-.ist ever in -San. Francisco. ¦-..'-..¦ „
I do hereby solemnly agree "and guarantee
to make no charge If 1 fail to tell your name
-and what you want to krow." I telV,if hus-
band, •wife or sweetheart is true -or false,'
whom anJ when you will j marry; • In fact, - 1
1 will tell every hope," fear or. ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
¦ possible : strength in mental and bodily vigor
' an-1 luck that insures > success J In business,
'.mining- and speculation; I Implant controlling
power, in ycur nature : so you t can ; fascinate
..- any one : you r desire, 1 win', the /one ' you love,
; .bring back your loved enc and cause marriage
.with th« one of choice. > 10 A.. M.': to 8 P. M.
'^_Clcsed^Sunaay. . 326— O'Farrell St.— 326. ,
MME; M.'beRNARD: '." — THE.iFAMOUS
." -Clairvoyant -and business 'medium; .perma-
nently located at 17, Third et.,injxt ¦ Exam-
iner bldg. ; she , reads ¦• your * life* correctly,"' I
gives an accurate description of the past,; re-*
-.veals the present 'happenings/ and;, portrays
, event*: to occur inthe future;;lf :you<are in
¦ discontented' or- not.Batlf-fled ; with
'life or have : «lomestic,' : love or business trou- T
. 1 blcs 1 consult thin f great medium and | you will
, told how to overcome them ; ' valuable , ad-
•vice In all affairs of. llfe; i 25c up; natlsfaction
- guaranteed ;' open" Sundays.^;. Tel.; Black _4569. |
A— Mlf s } M. WlHe. ; 330 ". Ellis.' clairvoyant crys-'
y.-tal seer, and life reader;:, will tell you exactly
$ what ¦ you ¦. called for 1 without ¦ asking al ques-
¦tion; names glvep ; •; special, 5 $1 ; ; hours". 10 to S. >
ISM AR, :^ Egyptian : Seeress. 1 ' The' ¦ Vendome.^ 1104
:; Market; st..-; San: Francisco: Office- hours— 10
' a:ini.1 to 5 p.-; m.;: Sundays,* 10 to 12:»Wednes-"
;-.; day evening, 6 to 8., ¦ Phone South. 114LV ; ,:r
MME.*; PORTERA clairvoyant,' , medium, >born
.: with double .velT and 'second sight; "tells past,"
-; -; present;; future ;;!.': 50c ; g. '. by.cards $1 ; •; palm- :
, latry; full life readr: |1. s 303 Jones, near Eddy:
MISS ZEMDAR, young, 4 gifted clalr. T and palm.;
¦ raveals love,"marrlage; business,; etc*;; L." 50c;
...,'.G. $l;hours 10 to 0; names., 714 Franklin st.j
A— Mrae;* Ravenna j reads j 1 1 f e ; business . advice ; "
$ "; names given ; 25c up." 8 EUls sC," near Market.
" : _ ' * - -- ' - ¦¦-_'¦
PROF." JOHNS,* palmist and I psychic card read-
*.? er; \ readings 25c; ; 2 to, 0; p. ; m.?; 512 Jessie st. 1
MRS/iRICHARDSON.- from ¦ London, : England,
.-. clairvoyant • card , reader."- - 313 ; Ellis ; ; no ¦ sign.
MME.'? MARSEAU;*: card f '. reader; ¦' ladies 1 25c ;
u- sents •; 50c.'v-< M5 3 Minna f Bt.y /->,--. ±\.', V. v .,;/-.rjj y^
i MRS.' SHAFFER,' clairvoyant," card reader,' has
sittings daily.7i.O8 6th strrooma 1-2.^
EMPrtOVMSHT.'wrAjrrEP —^Pemale—Con
NURSE ' wants i care of Invalid by the month.
Box 3923." Call office.' ¦ '
WOMAN wants work by the day. MRS. NOR-
TON, 508 Mason st. ; tel. Green 178. -
COMPETENT nurse' wishes engagements; con-
finements or- invalids; cheerful and painstak-
ing- ¦ references; '; moderate terms. MRS.
KING. 1159 Turk st. - ¦
AMERICAN, good worker, with first-class ref-
erences, wants ¦ washing, ironing, window
and house cleaning by the day or half day.
Box 4207. Call offlce.
FRENCH couple want situations; w;fe capable
to teach French or housework and hushand
generally ; useful all ' around ; best - of refer-
ences; city or. country/ ¦ Box 4301. Call. -
CURTAINS neatly laundered, 06c up; work
called for and delivered. 28 Dore st.. between
Ninth and Tenth, Howard and • Kolsom;
phone ; 922. ¦[ .
NICE appearing young lady, highest refer-
ences, wishes i a position a* reception lady
in photographer's: small" ealary to start.
. Address box 4385. Call offlce. " ,
ACCOMPLISHED young lady pianist and
harpist desires position In orchestra; thor-
oughly qualified In music; expert performer.
. Box SS64. Call offlce. < . . ¦¦
WANTED — Situation by colored woman as
first-class cook in private family or laun-
dress and- chambermaid: references. Ad-
dress 1013 Twenty-fourth St.. Oakland.
MAID and seamstress, speaking German and
French, wants a situation: has best of ref-
erences. I Address care of MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell; phone Main 6472.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman, good -cook
and laundress, wants position in American
' family; good references: will go short dis-
tance in country. 794 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED nurseglrl wishes position to
take charge of one or two children. Address
box 3441. Call offlce. ,
WANTED — A position as housekeeper In hotel
or rooming-house: city or country. Address
MRS. J. J.. box 4270. Call offlce.
SEAMSTRESS, hairdresser and manicurer
wishes position as . maid and do upstairs
work. - Box 4308, Call offlce.
YOUNG woman would like to have washing
and- mending to take home. 713 tj Minna
st.. near Eighth.. „
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes 'work- by
the day at parties, etc. 933A Jackson it. ;
phone , Davis 257. -
COMPETENT stenographer, desires position;
four years' experience; salary $10 per month-
Box 4274,- Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
$1 50 day, from 8 to S. or $1 from 8 .to
1:30. 737 Vi Howard st.'.
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation at gen-
eral housework, laundress or cook; city or
country. Apply 2314 Sixth st., city.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleaning; $1 50 and carfare. MRS.
. OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st. *
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
work In a small family and small washing;
would, live across the bay. 25SVs Tehama st.
GOVERNESS, well educated. ¦ speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character,
.wants a situation. - Box 2949, Call offlce.
A GOOD laundress wishes permanent place for
Monday, Wednesday. Friday; $1 60 and car-
fare. Phone Black 4641.
A LADY desiring a quiet home would like a
position ¦ as housekeeper for refined - gentle-
man. Box 3829, Call offlce. .
AN experienced dressmaker by the : day;
' cloaks, suits of all kinds; designing. Box
36, 305 Larkin st.
WANTED— By • middle-aged lady, a position
as working housekeeper or care of invalid.
Apply 318^4 Clementina st.
A. YOUNG woman with a .baby would like to
work, in small family; reasonable wages. Ad-
dress 570 Harrison st. .- -
WANTED— A position as | stenographer; three
years' experience ;>¦ best: of references, , Box
3971. Cair office.: ¦ . . ; ' -
YOUNG widow with a child would like a sit-
uation as housekeeper. Call 830 Mission St.;
wages no object.
EXPERIENCED . business woman wants posi-
I tlon with . responsible house; inside, or out-
side work. Box 3730, Call. . , . .
NEAT colored girl; waitress or general house-
work; 'city, references. 2014 Flllmore St.- . -
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and some
work: $25-$30, carfare. Box 3605. Call office.
LAD,Y, will go out by the day to , cook or do
¦ washing at hpme. Call 1074 Clay st.
SEAMSTRESS- wants work by the day. Box
3939. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook wiehes situation; city or
country. 644 Minna st.
WANTED — Situation as housekeeper by re-
fined capable young woman. Box 3598, Call.
ALL around talloress wishes : a place. 1133
Florida sty .
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper:
wages $20 a • month. . ' Box 3420. Call office.
JAPANESE ' honest girl wishes to do house-
work and help cooking In small family;
small wages.' 1406 Pacific 'ave. •
EMPLO YMEBT . WAgTEl) — MiXB.
PLUMBER. Independent and licensed, wants
work by the day or week from property-
owner; has all necessary shop tools. Box
30H2. Call offlce.
YOUNG Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
in' photograph gallery; has had- four years'
expii ienre; good all around man. Box 3975,
Call offlcn. ,/ I
YOUNG man, well educated," accurate and re-
liable, experienced in business and bookkeep-
. ing.' wants position; references. Box 3931.
Call rfflce. - - .
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation around
private place; good on hqrses: fair gardener;
~ood driver and handy > with tools. H. B.,
«13 . Montsomery. y ' / . - x
YOUNG man, German, 1% years (iTthe coun-
try, wants position of any kind in or out of
town. PAUL BACHER, 335 Fourth st. »
YOUNG man wants position, either salesman,
-" collector, traveler; best of references. Box
. : 3838, Call office. • • : ' ¦ . . .
SITUATION .by a woodworking machine hand,
' np and 'cutoff saws, and. planer and sander
-man. Address. W. M., 636 Third stijggjajg&Jjg
EDUCATED, steady man to care^ for Invalids:
' massage treatment if ' desired: night. - Box
35>2». CaU otflce.
A 1 * YOUNG man from- the East wishes general
housework in the city or. country. * Box 3976,
f -: CaM of flea. : - —
YOUNG man .wants position as candy maker
• m small retail store; country preferred. Box
3833, Call offlce. ,, ' .
YOUNG man wants steady Job; Is good barber;
¦4 years" experience. 1418 Kentucky St..
NON-UNION, carpenter wants steady work in
.an Institution. ~ Box 3927, Call , offlce. ; J5£955
A TRAINED nurse (male) will give service for
..passage to England. BOJC3S34, Call offlce. ,
EXPERIENCED clerk or 'janitor desires posi-
tion: best references. Box 3978, Call offlce.
RELIABLE man.' thoroughly experienced in
wholesale and retail wine and liquor busi-
ness, cellar, and store, Awlshes position. Ad-
dress -box 3804. .Call office. :,',. -
¦A SITUATION wanted to 'take care of private
. place by c a trustworthy * man: understands
gardening,' milking,' handy with tools; good
horseman -and driver; first-class references.
y Box; 37C5.' Call offlce. " *' i'
EXPERIENCED , and competent 1 bookkeeper
seeks position in the country,'. preferably with
' a mining company: age '27 years; references
submitted " and bond - furnished if necessary.
¦'<;'. Box ,3733. Call of flee. , :."/.¦,:.
SINGLE old gentleman. German, .-wants sltua-
tlon;' caretaker,- cashier, clerk, correspondent.
. proofreader,' secretary, storekeeper; no solicit-
ins: -moderate expectations; best? references.
Box 3464. Call office. ' y • '.
MECHANICALLY Inclined young man wants
to locate with firm doing contracting or man-
' ufacturing business,; has had good experience
¦ - with ' steam * and hydraulic - machinery. Box
/.-'4246/ Call-office. ¦:''.. ' ' .*
YOUNG Japanese ; boy * wants Z a position ; as
' schoolboy; "understands v plain -cooking. " F."
.:K., 2S16 California st.,' carej Japanese ;M1« -
'¦' slon. --• y ' '.- ¦ -..' '-\- t - . ;'.- ,"'
BOOKKEEPER— Thoroughly , competent. - up t»
\ • date -' In 1 modern - systems , in : accounting . mati'
¦' correspondence.- eeeks position either tern-
>^ porarily ' or ' permanently. "¦ Box 5 3487,t r*«»t — ¦*
A : YOUNG .'m»n* of | IS ' years wants " a position
in a retail hardware'store:.:onejyear'i *ex-
1 s± jjertonce. in'a wholesale house. "Box 3578, Call.
Cl^IBy OYAirrS-— Contlnned.
FROM all sect Ions, they come to witness, the
.wonderful demonstrations of r - the. , noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would it not
be a relief , to know how you will '. succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you. and of the schemes of your enemies.
-. that you may meet with better success? ; Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE.
, ' 428 Eddy . st. : - three separate ' reception par-
¦ ' lorft; lady; attendants; hours 10 a.m. -S p.m.
MME. ODELIi, clairvoyant, > card reading, tea
2.1c up. 612% Eddy'st.; no sign.
MME. GABKIEIi. from the East; palmist, card
reader. ,765 Market St., r. 2,.opp. Phelan bjdg.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well known fortune-
: teller, is now at 817 Ellis et."
A "WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
;._ ¦}'¦¦¦''¦¦ SPIBITPAI.IEng.
MPS. BURR (formerly. Anthony), medium, re-
J moved ' to . 82 Hitch et., ¦ off Folsom. bet. 1 "
Third . and fourth. &'*-."» '¦*.€"
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Et-
ans. famous psychic for slate writing, clalr-
Toyance. Offlce. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY." bus.' medium and
life reader. • 1206 Market, r.'- 14. Gait House.
MRS. LESTER,' clairvoyant, medium and llfs
¦ reader: clr. ev. evg. 10c; ivead. dally. 43 6th.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c; readings daily. 619 McAllister bC
C. V. "MILLER'S materializing and trumpet
seance to-night, 8 o'clock, COc. 1084 Bush st.
W. G. ; KEEG'AN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; lOo. 148 Sixth st.\
C. MAYO STEER8, trance medium. 305 Larkin.
•room-40: readings 1 to 6: ¦ tel. South 319.
COMPRESSED Air and, Vacuum Process used
. for cleaning carpets on floor without removal :
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop;: prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed "Air Cleaning Co., 308 Marketist.;
¦ phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted s with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpe't-beat-
lng works. 355-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet- Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth' St.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. -Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co..' 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263
2 _ : .„„ _p.^M 1 '*,? yjjj-y jii'-.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— CannoTbreak;
' warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 60c:
plates . f 5; full set; all work .- painless • and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge. for extracting; when, plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
.from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllllngs.i.'Sc
GOLD fillings, 75c: silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
' pain; open Sundays. ,Dr.A.C.IIewitt.2O4 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner. Sutter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. .Dr. Perkins, Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DBJGS^M^KEJ^^NE^SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL, Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
A— -THE '.Lyceum, v an accredited preparatory,
school for. university, • law ' and ; medical col-
leges; ref s.~ President Jordan or any. Stanford
, professor: day, evening sessions.* Phelan bldg.
E. R." AYRES, ¦ founder of Ayres ' Business Col-
lege," has' returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
* $50; positions secured: day. ev.~ 723 . Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
' learning In America; positions guaranteed.
. Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
ENGINEERING^-Civil. elec.. mln., mech.; sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.: est. 1864.? Van
der Naillen -School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
: A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; alK graduates are getting po-
¦sltlons. S, B. Business College. 733 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING. En*., math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkin et.. Prof.
: Tv A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
HIGH-- school mathematics, coaching; : time
" saved and^study made easy; mail; evenings.
.: 20 : Hertford st. , L :
CLASSES' in 'short story writing and Journal-
' Ism ¦ meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m.,
.' 833 Phelan bldg. ; . terms very reasonable. :
A— GALLAGHER - MAUSH BUSINESS COL-
. LEGE. 1382 Market sK -Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 1281 Market : et. ; large sunny
1 quarters. , Western . Business : College."
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. 'Col.; 602 Van Ness
ave.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
CAL. ;school elocution, oratory, phys. culture;
, day, eve. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Mason & EUls.
ZITHER lessons given by Max Maler. teacher
- of'2ither. 304A:Turk rt.. near Leavenworth..
ARITHMETIC,' algebra.- grammar, writing.
.; etc., $5, mo.; private. 1281 Market st.'.'r. 704."
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Posi.
* tlons.' shorthand,, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo."
GUITAR,' mandolin and piano, $3 per I mo. ;
¦¦'. mandolin club.- $1 ! per. mo.^828 Halght at.
ADULT 'and juvenile classes now open. : Hin-
; '•nan's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. C^al.
SHORTHAND : taught thor'ly by mall and per-
:,- sonally.j Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— —Day and
, PARTINGTON'S.^424 Pine St.— -Night class.'
ISAAC S Business ¦ College. , 345 ! Halght ;
¦Individual Instruc. ; all branches; day, eve.
CALIFORNIA, Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F,; 75-page catalog on requeet.
CHEAPEST *and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pag^s, sent to any. address: in ths
¦ T.'nlted States or Canada one year . for Si. v ' / :
- OrriCES."
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
f supplies best help promptly;- city or. country.
S. ; IMURA.- 839 Sacramento." Tel. James 5231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
, Chinese » help." 426 Powell ; st. 5 i tel.'; Main 6752.
JAPANESE-Chlhese Emp.' Office. 415 Stockton;
¦ best help.- ; Fritz iTamagakl,mgr,,tel.Bush S59. -
RELIABLE 'Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
; ; flee, all kinds ; help/. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.^
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
. -.'¦_ EMPLOYWIirr WAWTED— FEMALE.
'AT .', MRS/" LAMBERT'S, •'- 418 > Powell ' st.,' tel
\ Main 5332. help of all nationalities await po-
A^'sltions;-... ' V y -..';?-. : * ,.-¦ ~ \ -.: ¦¦¦.
A GERMAN' girl 10 [years old 'wants situation
" ;,-, for housework,'- particularly ; as • nurse girl for
¦ children 2 to 8 years old:, has. musical educa-
: : ..- .; tlon,'" ; but i does ; not ¦- epeak •' English. - Address
./ box • 3930. Call: office. ,i\ . i
RESPONSIBLE, housekeeper ..wants position- in
"J_ email-,! respectable . private .*. family, .. city or
" : 'i. Oakland ; s, : or.: other • light < housework. : " 1 51GH
*^Park,;st^VAlameda./ ;-s- '/ ..s, /..¦¦;"," . : •'; ¦ ¦' .- ¦-.-.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like a' few
~ -more engagements in families;: $1 50 day. and
r';carfare. Call or. write MRS."; DE*BARR. 435 1
*• Fourth st/;^' . : .'¦-;.' .¦¦ : ¦- ;.¦. ': ¦:¦ y. --.:.- _¦ - t -l
RESPECTABLE ; Russian =. girl ; wishes ... to •». do
?;' general housework, ' either first : or, second ; no
.'¦.-.- cooking. '"Please * apply 24 ¦ Freelon J Bt. , *.
f A • COMPETENT, laundress - and housecleaner,
'*' ; best.'references, 5 wants ,: work t at -$1 23 -per
jyday. t ;Address.73O Natoma; St.]: :¦.. • , y "
COMPETENT^ girl : wants general - housework ;
'> 4 wages ; $15' per month; ? Call to-day, . 365 " Jes- :
v,.eie st^i near.; Mint.*.' y "-^ '-';'~:'\ ¦ -,¦-':•'_.
-l!y , ; young :. girl.V. position ¦ In , dry
,-¦ goods store; no experience; small salary. H.
;^M^i362:Third,st; -..* . : ...,"s V.-. v;y,-.*",, '.-.-' :. y
.YOUNG w woman iwants H position: :; good " plain
»,,-» cook;\downstalrs ;,work; ¦ $30. " Box 3S36 Call
of fix.* '
G OOD ".* laundress iwants *j day I work : --• Monday,*
iij Thursday.* Friday,*, Saturday. ".Box 3S18.T Call.^
I DRESSMAKING i and ! tailoring ; j special 'prices;
¦ -work ; guaranteed.'.; 621 t Eddy •¦ 1 1. :>. 7_ f r a- *, , •'; 'i 'THE- SAN FRANCISCO CALL.J TUESDAY. OCTOBER 25, 1904.
11
MOKE? TO I.OAIT— Contlanefl.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
¦ C01-6C2-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life . estates and undivided in-
. terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
. . When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. #
________
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d cr Sd
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels,- in city, town
or country. ,.-,•¦'
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
: y'-- ¦ . Box 490. Call of floe. .
SALARY LOANS —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
' removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 38.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without'
security; easy payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman, 533 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain !
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store.
006 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
YOUNG & CO.. room 637 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc, at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
• gages, diamonds, . valuables, etc UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st,
near Market
A— THE Portland. Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent? per month.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott Did.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st, rm. 21. I
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, <• 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
DON'T borrow money on salary until yon see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned . on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual. Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALLloans on diamonds and jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 633 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
OP]raC^E3j&,H3^STOB,E8 TO 3-ET.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian- American Bank
bl&n.. SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto.: light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
STORE to let; good location; fixtures, etc., for
sale cheap. 1571 Market st.
LARGE csllar to rent. 1106 Powell st
"REXRADIO" prescribes, uses neither
medicines nor medical Instruments; heals
(solely) by "humanized Radium" power; re-
sults speedy, often "Instant" ; first treatment
benefits, or "free" public healing to-day at 2
and 8 p. m.. 783% Market and 1 Fourth.
"TYPHOID FEVER."
"REXRADIO" ' quickly expels Typhoid
Fever. H. C. Knott, 112 Fen st, waa last
week prostrated with this deadly fever. His
symptoms were alarming, fever, extreme,
pulse. at highest, temperature excessive, vom-
ited "blood." At height ot fever Rexradlo's
first treatment quickly started a profuse
sweat, when ail extreme symptoms largely
subsided right away, pulse and temperature
became nearly normal. After second treat-
ment (same day) further copious sweating,
followed speedily by perfectly normal pulse
and temperature, and complete cessation of
blood vomiting. Patient became cool, easy,
restful.' slept long, soundly. Next morning
felt weak but well, and went out to transact
business all day. To date no relapse, and pa-
tient has quickly recuperated. To-day he
said: "I am feeling perfectly well. I owe
my wonderful recovery, and perhaps my
'life,' to Rexradlo's 'non-medical' treatment
alone. He used no medicine but just passed
his 'humanized Radium' power Into me, which
instantly thrilled my whole body, promptly
abating the severe pains and fever in a most
surprising manner, producing a refreshing
coolness and strength all over me. I am as-
tounded at my rapid and complete cure, and
as a small token of my practical gratitude I
have Insisted on Rexradio's acceptance of a
block of etock In a gold mine with which I
am connected. Language is too poor to ex-
press my appreciation of his truly marvelous
power. While he Is around I shall never
again dread 'Typhoid.' I am willing to
'swear* to the truth of the above statement"
"PHYSICIANS TESTIFY."
"REXRADIO" last week by one brief treat-
ment publicly restored many totally deaf ears,
some of which rera witnessed by one ot the
most noted city "physicians" (name at of-
fices), who. signed the testimony, vouching for
ltb correctness. Another physician brought a
"deaf mute," who In 3 seconds began to hear
and speak. A third physician, at hall, pub-
licly counseled alleged "Incurables" by medi-
cine to try Rexradlo's power. When these
"physicians" Indorse this treatment, "lay-
men" may do well to "investigate" it
" 'REXRADIO'S' one treatment entirely cured
the paralysis with which my baby was
'born.' "- Mrs. Allen, 379 Bartlett .
"REXRADIO" has . recently made several
"deaf mutes" hear and speak before numer-
ous witnesses. One case was witnessed by
Mr. Butler of the S. F. Chronicle, who
signed the record, vouching for its "correct,
ness."
" 'REXRADIO'S' 2 treatments reduced my
large cancer one-half." — Name at offices.
"REXRADIO'S" references: Mr. H. K., 112
Fell, cancer, falling sight, fever; Mr. B., 632
Market r. 11, paralysis, total deafness; K.
Hall, 17 4th, paralysis; Little, 201 Hyde;
Stuart. 692^4 Capp, locomotor ataxta; Mrs.
Knowles, 37U Bartlett. "ossified" lady; Mrs.
Porter, 3490 20th. anchylosis, deaf mute,
etc. See them. Hundreds more.
"REXRADIO". gives free '"public" treat-
ments with wonderful result? "to-day"
(daily). 2 and 8 p. m.. Radium Hall, cor.
Market and 4th. Dairy, office hours, 2 to 7.
Entrances 783% Market and 1 4th.
A— MME. GILMNGHAM,
DERMATOLOGIST.
Has removed her parlors to 143 Stockton st.
Union-square bldg.. over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room 16, where she will continue
to treat 'her patrons for all facial blemishes.
t HE 6tar Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching ccalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleansesscalp;atdrugglsts*. hairdressers'; ae-
eept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1338 Poilt
DR.<ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore ; threat, ; etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BnOWN. 40 Turk St.. . S. F.
WANTED — Bills to collect under - 2 years'
I standing by competent and reliable man.' For
I information apply to C. L. SCOTT, 697 Mar-
ket st, room 104.
HAVING ~ separated from my wife, will not
be resDonsible for any debts contracted by
her. ' H. A. BOWMAN. ; . . -- ¦:.'-
FANCY" and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1839. 2122 Flllmore ; st. ; phone Geary 2053.
, EEST on ¦ esrth — Barradas liver, kidney, agtte,
I rheumatism and stomach troubles cured: $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. , 330 Grant ave.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR ~
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
acd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. '721 Market st. '''
TOU can buy $7S worth; of furniture for $7 50
¦ down • and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.: 34O Po«t St.. near Powell.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth st. be-
:;,. tween Geary, and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
CYCLE skating rink. "Central Park, opp City
Hall. Market . st. ; ladles free. .'.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.'
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
ELEGANT, suits to crder," extra pants or fancy
vesta, for j $14 76. Fred ; Wagner. .. 880 M arfc.t
EASY' Installments for Men and Youths. Sulti
to Order.' - Co- operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
MEDICAL
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me;' my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures: no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st, rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
tRellef for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the. only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
¦ write. Confidential. - Est 14 years. DR. H.
H. WE8TON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st, opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. ¦•WYETH. specialist' for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Postst.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
ince and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. . .
DR. G.. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219" Kearny
et Relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations
DR. E.' G. WEST, the old, reliable physician
and surgeon. 305 Kearny st, room 1.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market
LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
• 26th: ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MI3CEjdi;Al!rEOTT3— OFOB BAXa.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought. Bold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH Sc WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair It with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay; '
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR sale — New and second-hand btlUard and
pool tables; easy payments; we sent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mission st
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rlcgs for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
A BRAND new 14-foot skiff; up to date: var-
nlehed Inside. F. FITTOCK, Park-st Bridge
Boathouse, Oakland.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prioce Albert suits. J. COOUER,
21 Stockton st' (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 187 Mont-
gomery st., room 12. upstairs.
FOR sale — Young hunting dogs, pigeons, Bel-
gian hares. 1202 Haskell st, cor. San Pablo.
Berkeley.
FOUR pure fox terriers for sale; cheap. Ap-
ply 520 Broadway, between 1 and 5 p. m.
FOR sale — A lot of second-hand carpet Ap-
ply 422 Golden Gate ave.
FINE talking polly and canaries for sale at
B.'iOVS Minna st.
FOR sale — Thoroughbred, Irish Setter pups.
1114 Vermont st j
GOOD tone square grand piano; $50. 1228
Filbert st
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade-
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 623 Market st
Wallpaper. 8%c; paint, $1 gal"; painting, whlt-
enlcg. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; tel.Stelner 3671
600,000 FEET lumber, being wrecked, for sale
cheap. ' Phone Capp 3905.
FOR sale — St Bernard dog. 11 months old.
ANTDNE DA VILLA, Alvarado, Cal.
SAFE3 and cash registers, new and second-
»hand. I. FREEMAN. 13^5 Market at
BARGAINS in 2d-hand cash registers, includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk at
2D-HAND bldg. materlil; < lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. Thd^olan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers*., samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap 'at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50; terms $B per
month. P. V. QARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel.Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
. all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4fl Fremont st
MISCEI.I.AHrEOUS WANTS.
yt . , ____
AAA — Highest prices for ladles,' gents' castoff
clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st
AA — BUY any amount rood 2d-hand ladles' &
¦ men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., room 405, Ad-
ams bldg., 20C Keurny st. ; phone Black 3036.
DECOYS wanted: collapsible preferred; state
price; must be in good condition. Box 3875.
Call office.
WANTED — A meat refrigerator, about 5x7
feet; must be cheap. Box 3867, Call office.
WANTED — Second hand coin safe in good con-
dition. Box 1466. Call office.
Levy & Redler, highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
A F^W~G^NlHN^UP^raHTnQARGAINS: ~
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
< Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case. 3 pedals, like new,
. from $05 up; easy payments: all guaranteed.
jfe SON, 10 O'Farrell st.
RARE violins for . jiale: ' Francesco Ruggerl,
. Domlnlcus Montoguai.:., Sebastian Klots
Ceasar Gtgll. HERMAN MULLER, violin
| makor, 2 Latham place, S. F.
WHEN • you . want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560-62-64
Hayes st.; tel. Fell 5761.
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private patty.
301 Eddy sf
$00 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snan
HORNUNG. 210 ; McAllister 8t.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold; $135. 237 Geary st.
I SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
I , player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
I NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
I monts. • ECHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st
I 3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
j . Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell
—MANHATTAN t LOAN COMPANY One)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN...... .
...INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT ...
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
....... ... . . ... PROPERTY ; . . ; . . . ...... ;. i
Second mortgages,; life insurance policies, res-
tates In probate.- undivided interests in prop--
erty.": probate) realty loans, ¦ stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided > interests : In property
purchased. . - ...--¦.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Suite 107-108 Crocker. bldg.: phone Main 5924.
Loans oh furniture, plants and other securities,
$25 up, without removal. '-.The North? Ameri-
can v Realty and Bond Co.. CO Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market -st
» -- , LOANS FROM,$1 TO $10,000.
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan A
Hall. \ room - 121S Call bldg; phone Main ; 3214.
REA- ESTATS — CITY— FOB 5A-S.
PEREMPTORY
PEREMPTORY
CREDIT SAT—!.
CUEDIT SALE.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESEEKERS.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESEEKER3.
We Will Offer at
AUCT1OJT
AUCTION
AT OUR SALESROOM.
20 MONTGOMERY ST.. •
20 MONTGOMERY ST.. -
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 29. 1904,
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 29. 1904,
_
AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M..
82 BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOT»
32 BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS
Aa Per Diagram.
DON'T MTSS THIS OPPORTUNITY.
DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY.
J !__ I L_
23a STHCET
17 13 19 20 21 22 23 24
8 I IV, I I IS ''
5 II 25 £j
s s » I » a ,
§ si* » a | „
™ a » 23 3 S *
_ S " « S £5 B
I 3 » 33 S
> g ia si b v
g 100 1 . 32 100
I i I i I II I I
12 3 4 5 8 7 8
g » g 2S 25 25 85
c«w tine 24 TH STREET e*? M 1 **
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
Balance Can Remain for 1. 2 or 3 Years
At SIX Per Cent
STREETS SHWERED.
STREETS SEWERED.
2VTH-ST. CARS PAriS THE PROPERTY.
21TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
Property adjacent is building up very rapidly.
California Title Insumnce and Trust Com-
pany will receive applications for policies of
insurance on each lot for the nominal sum oc
$7 50.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
Apply to
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
SPECK & CO.. *
Selling. 209 Montgomery st. Insurance.
Leasing. . Rents collected.
vti.oou — Splendid corner; 45x30; vicinity -i
and Mission; old improvements; unex-
celled location for modern s ructure.
$23,500— £Wx87:6; Post st; *ey lot to Larkla
st: old Improvements pay G per cunt
net
$20.000 — *ine S3- ft. corner north of and withia
2 blocks of Market st.. with y new
flats; rented for $25SO; $5000; bank
mortgage can remain; pays over IS per
cent net
$18,000 — Splendid 80- ft. business corner- oa
Devlsadero it. south of Geary; $1511:;
Income.
$15.000— New Western Addition flats; lot 23x
lOo; all rented for $150 a month; $70cu;
bank mortgage can remain; a great
bargain.
$14,000 — ii elezant new modern fiats: deslrablo
part of Western Addition; 33-ft. lot;
rents $1440 yearly; want an offer.
$13,600 — Fine south of Market- st business
corner on Folsom st, close In. with
good Improvements; income $1233; lot
25x90.
$12,000— Lot 41:6x137:6. with fine improve-
ments; on Pine st, close to Buchanan;
rents $1020 year.
$12.000 — Downtown business property; vicinity
Washington and Montgomery sts.; sub-
stantial trick improvements; lot has 2
frontages: rents for $996.
{11,250— 3 Western Addition flats within few
blocks of City Hall; 25-ft lot and rent-
ing for $12&>; $70O0 bank mortgage caa
remain.
$9,830— Splendid new Western Addition fiats;
25-ft. lot; rented for $1110; a good buy.
$4,500 — South of Market at. investment, pay-
ins; 17 per cent net;' flats; 25-ft lot; a
splendid investment
$2,250— A pretty new cottage in the, Mlssfoni
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x100.
CHOICE LOTS.
$26,000 — Superb SE. corner. 137:6x137:8; Sa-
est residence site In the city; unsur-
passed marine view.
?13..VM> — Fine lot on 11th st. near Folsom}
5Ox20«>; make offer.
$0,750 — ."0x137 :•>; splendid residence site; Pa-
cific Heights; north side of street
14,500— Splendidly located lot; 50-ft. front-
age: vicinity California st. and 2d ave.i
price reduced for quick sale: cheap.
$1,500 each for very choice lots in Richmond
District, close to main entrance Golden
Gate Park; on four car lines; no thin*
better In vicinity.
Several large tracts at low prices In the Rich-
mond District; particulars upon appli-
cation.
SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st,
Opp. Mills building.
ONLY A FEW LEFT. '
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from th*
Mlsslon-st electric cars; secure one as an
investment and by the time it is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
. rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st, r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$1000 FOR 2 lota, northeast cor. Sanchez and
Palmer sta.: must be sold for mortgage; $250
down, balance $20 per month. Cottages. 30CI
Army st and 375O Army st ; $2250. D. COF-
FIN. 2528 _t»sion st, near Twenty-first.
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses. 6 rooms, batik
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny; east side of Tenth ave.. near
I tt, Sunset Hallett - Gee, on premises.
S10OO— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; large lot; near
Cortland-ave. School; $200 cash, balanc*
$3 per month: to close an estate. 3310 Mis-
sion st^ ' ¦ .
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MATER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
SAW MATEO EJEAI. ESTATE.
1 LOSUTA PARK — On line of Saa Mateo electrts
cars 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.:
outside the for belt and Just beyond wher*
the E P Co-'s bay shore '-cutoff*' will Join
the' main line; SO-foot lots from $i0O np;
terms only $10 down and $10 a month: sewer
and water pfpes In front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots sold slnca
August 1: an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot in this desirable section: tak» th»
electric cars and get off . at . "LOMITA
PARK" and investigate; maps sent on ap-
plication.
&ELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Tel. Main <~3. - -11« California st.
For Additional Classified , Advertise,
i _ • mentg See Page 12.
PEBSONA-S^-Contlnned.^
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy paymsots.
P. V. GARTN. 13S Montgomery st
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clcthiny.
Art Tailoring. 1044 Mkt. nnder 8t Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Mlas Eaton. 233 Qeary.r-Sa.
LADIES *nd gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Butter st
.TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 S0i
Misfit Clothing Parlor.' cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUEP-AGE costumes, play bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian' Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
» gtracHAS— tro' ag_itu— ua.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. SC. Larkln St.. room 49; tel. South 319.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st
FHT8ICIAKS ATO SOTtO-OaS.
DR. C~C. CDONNELL— Offlc* and reeidenca,
1021% Market st. bet «th and 7th; partlca-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. -'
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
' treats all diseases of the human body: far
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at C67 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dls-
j eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
«— A— t ESTATE — Cmr— ?O» 3A—_.
BAGE. DEALEY & CO..
638 Market St.. opy. Falaee . HoteL
AUCTION / .
AUCTION
AUCTION
At .our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon. Thurs-
day. Oct. 27. 1904. : ;,-
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS SITE.
No. 313 Stockton st. north of Post: lot
20:1^x60 ft; improvements thereon a 3-story
building, consisting of store and 2 lofts, with
basement; will lease for about $250 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 638-640 Noe st. north of 19th; 1m-
provemen_#conslst of 2 modern flats, contain-
ing 6-6 rooms, porcelain bath, gas grates,
wooden mantels and tiled sinks; rent $47 50;
built 6 months; mortgage $1800.
WESTERN ADDITION 'RESIDENCE.
No. 2758 Filbert st. east of Baker; im-
provements consist of a modern residence, con-
taining 7 rooms and porcelain bath, unfinished
attic and one finished room in basement; lot
25x107 ft. Irregular; rented for $40 per mo.
RESIDENCE SITES.
BE. line Of Park Hill ave.. 155 ft NE of
Tllden st. 66x112 ft; property situated in
the Park Hill Homestead Association; com-
manding an unsurpassed view ot the entire
city; the most desirable location for a resi-
dence; In the vicinity of Buena Vista Park.
POTRERO COTTAGES AND BUILDING
LOTS.
NO. 1.
No. 1101 Rhode Island st. north of 23d; lot
25x110 ft: Improvements consist of a modern
cottage, containing 8 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing; permanently rented for $20 per mo.
• NO. 2,
No. 1101 De Haro st. : Improvements consist
of a modern cottage containing 6 rooms, large
stable to accommodate 3 horses, fine well,
water tank and windmill; lot 25x100 ft; rent-
ed for $12 pe r month.
no. a.
Building lot oa the east line of DeHaro st.
408 ft north of 23d; lot 25x100 ft
NO. 4.
East line of Rhode Island st '408 ft north
of 23d et. 25x100 ft; to be sold as per dia-
gram.
FIRST-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 314 First et.. south of Folsom; lot 20x
72 ft; improvements consist of a 2-story
building and large basement, used as a ma-
chine shop; rented for $50 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 64-56-68 Sharon st. north of 16th.:
lot 25x125 ft.; improvements consist of 3 new
flats of 6 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
$72 50 pe r mo. ; mortgage $2000; built about
one year. • - , ¦-.--,•. - <-;>¦;-;.
FIRST-ST. INVESTMENT.
No*. 869-359^-361 First st, NW. of Har-
rison; lot 45:6x68:9 ft; improvements consist
of frame dwellings, cottage and 2 flats; rent
$46 per mo.
MASON ST.
No. 1315 Mason st, north of Jackson; lot
62:9x137:6; Improvements consist of a 3-story
brick building, with flat and large stable In
rear.
BUSINESS CORNER.
Nos. 2S33-35-37-39 Laguna st and 1901-6-7
Union, being the SW. cor. of Union and La-
guna: lot 30x100 ft.; Improvements consist of
2 stores and 6 flats; total rents 3167 per mo.i
concrete sidewalk, street bitumlnised. build-
ing having been erected 3 years.
LOMBARD-ST. INVESTMENT.
Ncs. 2556 to 2574 Lombard st, west of De-
visadero st; lot 80x137:8 ft: Improvement*
consist of 8 new, modern Cat3. containing
4-6 rooms, porcelain baths, shingled fronts;
rents $146 50; beautiful grass lawn around the
entire building
THIRD-ST. PROPERTY.
No. 340 Third st. NW. if Harrison; lot 2Sx
80 ft; Improvements consist of a 3- story frame
building, consisting of store and rooming-
house above, containing 14 rooms; rents $38 60
per month; new, modern plumbing throughout
the entire building. •
SAGE DEALEY A CO.,
" 638 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
BALDWIN _ HOWELL. ¦ ¦
25 Post st
Rents Collected. ¦ Taxes Paid.
City Agents Firemen's Fund Insurance Co.
$0000— RENTS $66 PER MONTH.
4 new separate flats of 4 rooms and bath
each; modern In every respect: large lot. 60x
100 ft ; Mission warm belt, within half block of
the 2-lth-st cars; pays 12 per cent per annum,
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Price only $3000; Eddy st, near Pierce; 2-
story house of 8 rooms and bath; new plumb-
Ing throughout; lot 25x137 :« ft; on car line,
OAK-ST. PARK FRONT LOTS.
Two lots. 25x137:6; on Oak st. between Cole
and Shradcr; splendid lots for flats- price
$6000; owner anxious to sell; would make terms
easy; may trade for other property.
PRICE $8200— RENTS $08 PER MONTH.
Lot 27:6x120 to rear street; on the north line
of Fulton srt, a short distance W of Van Nesa
ave.; 2 houses of C rooms each on Fulton st
and 3 flats of 3 rooms each on Ash ave.
$8750— THREE -FLAT BUILDING— $8750.
Something hard to obtain In the Western Ad-
dition; 3 fiats for less than $11,000; we offer
three flats of 5, 6 and 6 rooms and bath, on
lot 25x106:3, In a desirable renting locality In
Western Addition, vicinity of McAllister and
Baker sts.; rents $&88 per annum; price $8750.
$3900— RENTS $3G0 A YEAR— $3900.
2 flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each; In
good condition; lot 25x137:6; on Pine st, a fine
little investment for your money.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$10.500 — Reduced from $12,000 to make quick
sale for owner, who resides in the East; splen-
did 2-atory and attic residence, 11 rooms 2
baths; garden; marine view; on sunny key 'lot
on Laguna st, near Broadway; lot 27:6x137:6;
house open for inspection.
.CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
Size 25x100, with street work all complete;
bituminous rock, granite curbs., sewered on
grade; ready to build on; Golden Gate ave. ;
small flats would pay big 'interest on Invest-
ment if built here. ~
$4750— RENTS $48 PER MONTH.
Point Lobos ave., not far from First ave.: lot
24:6x100; 3 flats; 4, 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each; In good repair.
$9000— RENTS $9C0 A YEAR.
Four-story and basement f frame - building
containing store on ground floor with 2 rooms
I and 12 rooms above; one tenant for all; lot 25x
f 80; mortgage of $4500 can remain; Harrison st
| SUNSET AND RICHMOND DISTRICTS.
* We have a splendid list of houses cottages
J and Cats, besides our list of building lota that
I can be purchased on easy monthly payments.
! cnly. requiring a small - first payment down
Call ot our branch office, corner of H st and
Seventh ave., and be shown around- horse and
phaeton at your disposal. Office bpia Sundays.
Lts from $100 up. See us before buying- else-
where. BALDWIN &' HOWELL.
-.¦:.- ¦ . 23 Post st.
FOR SALE— Ideal homes on Ashbury Heights:
grand-view; select neighborhood; nous<» are
built right; prices low; terms easy; If you
are looking for an up to date, swell home,
take a look at these; open for Inspection
¦ every day. J. STIERLEN. owner and build-
er, on premises, 853 to 857 Clayton st. Ma-
. sonic- ave.; ear xo Carl and Clayton sts.
A' $2000 HOME built to'sult you. 'If Included,
any " location, on : $1 25 : per week. Mutual
Home Building Association, 427 Crosley bid
A— MURRAY _ UEAUY. C34 and OJli Clay st.
Phono Main 584S.
Loading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 we gave 1904 we hope to
OO.uOO men work. Increase 60,000.
GOLD MINES COAL
SILVER MINES COPPER
Blacksmith, placer mine, ?00 and found.
Carpenter, mine, north. $80 and found.
ANOTHEll MINE.
H hand miners. go,.,,i gold mine, no blankets
required;. hotel accommodations, reading and
bath room; Inquire about it; $75.
8 muckers, quartz mine, $76.
COAL MINE. ,
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
10 coal miners, company guarantee $3 to $3 75
day can be made: good accommodations.
Part Fare Refunded.
SPECIALS.
5 hand miners, fi>2 GO.
FKKE TO OREGON TO FREE.
OREGON COAL MINERS. OREGON
LOOK.
10 coal miners for a good mine, good air, no
gas. level vein, price $1 ton.
BIG WAGES
Can be made on this Job; ask about it
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st
THESE—
CA REFULLY.
SPECIALS.
Second cook, country hotel, $35 and found.
Porter bakers, city, $8 week/
3 bakers' helpers, city Jobs, $25 to $40 fd.
2 hostlers, city, call early, $60.
Buggy-washer, country stable, $40 fd.
Plumber, city Job, $4 to $5 day.
BLACKSMITH.
Blacksmith, country shop, fare 60c, $3 day.
Polisher and starcher. country laundry, $15
week.
CARPENTERS.
5 carpenters, 50c fare, $3 25 day; 4 shinglera.
10 carpenters, other Jobs, $3 to $4 day.
8 carpenters, plain houee work, fare 50c, $90.
4 carpenters, Berkeley, $3 to $3 50.
2 Bhlnglera. fare $1. long Job, $1 per M fd.
2 carpenters, mine district, $97 60.
PLUMBERS.
6 plumbers, fare paid, north. $4 day.
4 bench hands; G cabinet-makers; S Iron
molders, see boss here, $3 50 day; 2 brush-
makers; 3 paperbangers, city.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
TO BUTTE.
10 laborers, no experience needed, for large
company; 6 months' Job, $60; brick wheeler,
good Job. $2 50 day.
MURRAY &. READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
SOME OTHERS^
4 men to help carpenters on ranch, $30 fd.
Young man, assist gardener, near city, $20
and found.
10 laborers, near city; steady Job; $2 day.
6 carpenters, C. C. Co., fare $1, $3 25 day.
Baker, country shop, good man, $18 week.
Stableman, country stable, $35 and found.
Baker's helper, city, $30 and found.
2 men to build fences by contract. -
COOKS. WAITERS.
BUTCHERS. ETC.
German cook, country hotel, $50 and found.
C other cooks, 6 waiters, 14 dishwashers,
etc.; 10 butchers, shops and slaughterers, $30
to $60 fd. ; sausage-maker, country shop,
south, $40 and found.
WOODCHOPPER.
10 men to chop stove wood, north; good, long
Job; fare $2 50; $2 cord.
Handy man for ranch. $30 and found. '
MARRIED?
Working foreman and wife for ranch. $60 fd.
Married farmer. 'no work for wife, $30 found.
Fanner and wife, Oregon, $40 and found.
FARMS— DAIRIES.
30 plow teamsters, $30 to $35 fd.; 10 general
farm hands, $26 to $30 fd.; 10 milkers, city
and country; 10 choremen and choreboys.
Boy for grocery store, city Job; boys for fac-
tories.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
A— BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY
STORE.
Middle-aged man to keep books and do ste-
nography.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 413.
PENSION Atty., E,A.Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. G*o. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. KKt Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES ANP WAOOH8.
FOR sale at Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy Bt —
A stylish driving horses, single and double;
one large stylish surrey horse; very gentle,
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
14-FOOT furniture moving wagon, harness,
team: (rood stand, transfer corner. 8973
Twenty-fifth st.
AUCTION sale at 220 Valencia st. Saturday,
11 a. m.; 100 head broken horses.
ALL' kinds of business wagons, surreys and
buggies and carts cheap. 1504-6 Folsom st
FINE rubber- tire Victoria, the latest kind,
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom «t., -
PARCEL delivery wagon; also business buggy
cheap. 523 Fulton st - .
FOR sale, cheap — A business buggy in good
condition. Box 1509. Call office.
NEARLY new buggy for sale cheap. Box 1778,
Call office.
GOING out of business; new and second-band
wagons sold cheap. 1GS0 Mleslon St.. nr. 1.3th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work * driving horses. 15th- Valencia,
HOPSES^TOMT. __„
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
MARY, 20, near Fifth and Mission — 7 rooms,
double parlors; rent $25.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pHg-es. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HOTTSESJPXrHgriSHEP— rOB BA— B.
FOR sale — Finely furnished house 9 rooms;
rent reasonable: pays well. 27'Laskie St., be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission.
12- ROOM house; rent $40. «16 McAllister
street.
iBryAi.ro chairs.
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eamea tricycle chair. 201S Mkt. ;tel. Park 775.
__—_—__
-OST AND rOPlTP.
LOST— Bunch keys .on Broadway,* between
Montgomery and Dupont sts.; reward. JOB
BOITANO, 1108 Kearny st.
LOST — Mining map. Excelsior, near 3d and
Market. Return to 1102 Call bldg.; reward.
FOUND — Female bull terrlor. Owner may call
1625 i San Bruno ave.
LOST— Oct 22, black fur collar at ferry. 642
Grove et.; reward.
LOST — In Oakland Oct. "22; chamois bag con-
taining 4 rings, one diamond stud and clus-
ter ot diamonds; liberal reward. v 1198 Slxty-
«rst st. Oakland. - ¦ •
LOST— October 10. in Tivoll. a. gold watch,
chain and charm. Liberal reward on return
MISS MACNEIL. 80 Glen Park ave., off
Twelfth et, between Mission and Howard.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Socletv of San Francisco In the
name of GEORG GOESCHL, No. 252-960.
The finder will please return to batik. .;
LOST — Lady's gold watch, monogram N. E. H.
Return B. L. Hodghead, rm. 220, Crotssley
building; reward. . >
CRAVENETTE, at Presidio athletic grounds,
Saturday afternoon. Finder, leave same at
CLABROUGH & GOLCHER'S. Market at
LOST— Turquoise pin, surrounded with . dia-
monds. Finder return to 1005 Chestnut - st ¦
and receive reward. _
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st '
X.ATnrCg-8 fOB - HEBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St. : for pleasure and business: tel. Bush D34. ¦
agATTRESSES AITD PrXXOWB.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process) ; excellent carpet t cleaning.' : HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st; phone South 210.-
MnrOTj8^'Ajro^ignrnro/ : '_ " ;v . ;
I MAKE a spiclnlty'of selling" good mining
; property. A. D. RENFRO.CrossIey bldg.j .,
j HZI.P WAZ?T__— r-MAI.-— Coatlnnea. |
TALI2NTKD amateur performers. Apply at
Chutoa. V p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
, WANTED — Ladies to do piecework at home:
j steady employment; good pay; experience un.
i necessary. Call Emma Spreckels bldg. 927
I Market tt.. room 4C1.
EXPERIENCED eexving machine operators on
overall*, coats and Jumpers; steady work.
-LEVI STftAtrss «V- CO.. 22^4 Fremont st
Apply to Mr. Davis.
j HELP of all nationalities to Jill various posi-
j tiona. MKS. LAMBKltT. 41S Powell st.
| PANTS finishers and good sewers. 2i5 Seventh
• street
PERMANENT position for a mature woman.
Box 423S. Call office. "
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and «u"bscription» has
been opened at 100S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
! *"' ~~— — ~* -——»————» — — -— — — — _¦ _— —^-— »— <
! | MAIjX^^
| PERRY'S Me1TcANTILE~BUREAU,
I 608 Market st, room 325. fifth floor.
I Office hours, 9 a. m. to 6:30 p. m.
• Clerical Help Furnished Free . to Employers.
1 Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
, Stenographer $15 week
Manager department etore $25 week
' Bill and entry clerk $15 week
I Drug clerk $12 week
; Checker $15 week I
j Timekeeper $15 week '
¦ Accountant $1B to $25 week
I Collector $15 week
, Floor manager $1S week
, Two shipping clerks $16 week
General office work $15 week
1 Bank clerk (bend required) $25 week
| Young man learn dentistry $10 week
t 606 Market et., room 325, fifth floor.
| AT HORD - SMITH'S.
i Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st
. Etableman, city. $50 to $60.
j Laborer, city. $2 to $2 50; month'« work.
• FREE FARE— FREE FARE— FREE FARE
I Sixty miles out — Railroad work.
Tfamsters, $2. Teamsters, $2.
, Good camp; good water; 2 months' Job. i
I Free Fare Free Fare Free Fare. I
Milker, middle-aged man. 6 to 8 cows, take
charge dairy, good home, $25 found.
I Man for dyehouse, $15 to $20, must under-
stand dyeing, spotting and dry cleaning.
Operator for wax thread machine, Bhoe fac-
tory. $2.
Man to spread bitumen, experienced, $3.
YARD man and shipping clerk for redwood
mill. $50 and board; head enlper. $55 and
board; swamper. $40 and board: Jackscrewer.
$45 and board; blacksmith, $2 00 day: stable-
man, private family. $30 and found; dairy
foreman. $60 and found; boarding-house
cook. $40. and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st
WANTED — Dry-goods clerk for country store;
an all-around man; $75. See J. F. CRO-
EETT & CO.. €2S Sacramento et.
A SECOND butler for good steady place in
city. $40; a young man to help in the kitchen
of a private family, city, $30, board and
room: references necessary. MISS PLUNK-
ETTS, 425 Sutter et. near Powell.
WANTED— For a mercantile office In the San
Joaquln Valley, a competent stenographer
and typewriter (male): is expected to assist
In general office work; state ape, married
or unmarried, experience had, names of pre-
vious employers and salary expected. Ad-
dress box S&35. Call office.
WANTED — A eale-aian for furnishing goods
department In a department store; one who
has had experience In that line; no other
need apply; state previous employment and
salary desired. Address box 3S37. Call office.
WANTEI> — Experienced dress goods and »ilk
salesman to go to a city not far from San
Francieco. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Traveling salesman, young man.
not over 25 years, for/ hardware, stove and
tinware business; experience not necessary
if quick to learn. Box 3884, Call office.
GOOD wages paid while learning trade to 1 or
2 men furnishing references and $25 security;
steady position. Call 613 Merchant st
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
silverware and jewelry salesman. Apply be-
tween B and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
MAN to make himself useful around; short
distance in country: $10 month and found.
Apply LUM KAISERHOF. 816 Sansome st
WANTED — Young Scandinavian or German to
deliver and collect Call bet 9 and 10 at 1700
Market st (drug store)._
NEAT laundry marker and distributor. Ap-
ply 7 a. m. Tuesday, Blwrrin's Laundry, 760
McAllister st |
MAN wanted to pell gcod« to saloon trade. Ap-
ply E. COLEMAN, 1S24 Market st.
OLD man to help care for small place in the
country; small wages. 452H Jessie st
BAKERS' helpers. 222 Third et
DISHWASHER — 434 Fifth st
DISHWASHER, also a waiter; small chop-
house. 26 Sacramento Bt
WANTED— Barber, one or two years' experi-
ence. Box 3S85. Call office.
BARBER shop. Batterv st. — 2 revolving
chairs, etc.; cheap rent: no other shop In
vicinity; price $125. STOLTZ, 723 Market
BTrBER chop; 6 chairs; finely fitted; in
lively nearby town; a pood money-maker.
BTOLTZ, Barber Supply House, 723 Market.
FOR sale — Old-established 2-chair barber shop;
low rent: good locality. 2400 Folsom st.
FOR sale^-Old estab. barber shop. Apply at
Trost's Barber Supply Co.. 808 Mason st
BARBERS — Three-chair shop at a bargain;
don't miss It 1090 Valencia 8t
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478. Parrott building.
WANTED — Three laborers, pick end shovel.
Fourteenth ave. and N st. South; take Ken-
tucky-st. car. ;
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
work; no night or Sunday work; $25 eecurlty
required. Apply upstairs, C18 Merchant et
WANTED — To buy a barber shop In a good
country town. Box 3587, Call office.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattress, electric
light In every room. 6^ Howard st.
S F. Barber College, 741 Howard st. wants all
young men to know that it has the finest
equipped school west of St. LouIr: red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to OOc. (MS Mission 9t.. bet lstTand 2d sts..
or 11 Third «L. Examiner building. ;
JOB carpenter wanted. 2140 Pine street
PLOW fitter wanted. Eenlc'a Iron Works, B19
Mission St.. San Francisco. __^
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agent*: steady positions. 247 Fifth «t"*
MUSICIANS to join military band. S28 Bush
st, third floor, room 4.
FOR *ale — A bargain; two-chair barber shop; '
| must go East 1608 Devisadero st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only institution teaching the ton-
rorlal art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Efeclal offer. Mohler Barber College. 040
, Eacamento et
LEARN the barber trade at Halcht's; he
tracnes you in shops: the only practlc—
method; wages while learning; don't mix ui
with fake barber colleges. 647 Commercial.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD It
j SMITH. 05 Third et. San Francisco. .
5 WANTED— Men and women to prepars fo»
( Government positions. Arply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
i ence Institute, Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st
I WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
¦ that Ed Rolitln, R«no House proprietor, has
' edded 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
• 217 Third St.; 250 rocms; 23c to r>Oc per night
! TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 CO
pair; foot-form shc*s. *2 B0: we pay express
j charges. 11 Sd st. Exam. bld.;open till 0 p.m.
WILL teach cne young man the barber trade;
• paid while learning. 701 Mission st .
! BOY to attend Mere and run errands. ROGER-
j. EON'S. MS Valencia st ,
' 600 BARBERS to buy our new brand of razors.
t G - A. TROST Barber Supply Co.. 303 Mason.
j MEN to learn the detective profession. 187
Market el. . roora 104. - . :
EAILOHS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 min..73c.
WINCHKSTERHcwl. 44 Third st. near Mar-
kst — 700 rooms; S5c.» night; reading rooms;
i free 'bur a&d baggage to and from ferry. ,
___ Tvusrzyns t ob s a.b. i
j::, WOHTU or rumiture for $7 50 down! $1 M I
per wtek. T. Uriiliar.t' s Fur. Co.. 340 Post st
UHNRY MATEK pay* hlchest prices for fur- I
r.iture. earprt«. etr. 7«2 Mission: tei.Bui"h S13 j
rgitHiTTTBE WAarrsi). |
'"abfTlevy. ~~
talesrccm. IICj Market st. ' Tel. Jessie 76L
j-'cn'i sf-JI yci:r furniture, carpet*, office lur-
r.'.-.ure, etc.. until you get his estimate.
V» ii-L paj- 30 per cent mere for furniture tban ;
<ifaVrs > r wSU **\l en commission. L. H. I
l5l"<ir iu.\. 10^8 l!arl:?t: phone *e«Fte 2S3U. I
— > i
r_ATS TO X.BT. |
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list;
rervlce absolutely free; take advantage of
this department : It will s*ve you time and
iroubie. Ccides Furniture Co.. 245-S9 Geary
CHEAP rert— c;.-cat bargain; new 5-roora flat,
for rent. S2?- ixr ir.onth; *un all day; n»w I
frmliblnirs for Bale. Purchaser has advan- i
tage of tlitii paid by present tenant. Apply \
eterllcg Furniture Co.. 1039 Market «t
A— MCALLISTER, I4S4— Upper fiat, 8 rooms.
be.th; handsomely finished; panoramic view; ',
thoroughly modern, SPECK _ CO., 209 '
Montgomery «U v*/. : : I
A EUNNY middle Sat. 7 rooms and bath; all j
latest Improvements; large garden; rent j
reasonable. 13T>3 McAllister st. between '•
fsteintr slid Pierce. I
NEW Cat. upper of two; sun in every room; i
natural wood; tile finish; beamed dining-
room; 7 rooms; reception hall; rent $40.
€27 Clayton «t |
. I
T-KOOM flat: all remodeled; new; rent $18;
also cottage of 5 rooms aad bath; rent $16. I
Inquire 709 Elizabeth st. bet. Diamond and i
Douglass. j
f2S — SUNNY G-room flat: new porcelain plumb- •
ing: gas mantels: additional attic rooms; 15 '
minutes from Palace Hotel. 1441 Broderick
Ft,, near Post J
BAKER, 733 — Modern middle 7-rocm flat;
new; very eunny: between McAllister st j
and G«iden Gate ave. j
CASTRO. 673. near 20t!i — 2 modern new flat*. |
5 and 6 rooms: rent reasonable; key on
premises.
WARM belt of Music n; new and sunny (-room
Cats; upper and middle flat. 1122-1124 Guer- j
rero St.. near Twenty-third; rent $35. •
$27 50— EHRADER. 726: up-to-date upper flat
cf 7 rooms and bath; run and light all day.
•See LTON A HOAG, 116 Montgomery st
ONE new, elegant top fiat 6 rooms and bath;
marine view; rent only $30. 6E. corner
Buchanan and Filbert sts.
CARL. 10-18. near Claytca — New ft- room fiats;
$23 asd $25.
CENTRAL, modern flat: ft rooms, bath. 1030
Eacramento et.. above Powell.
HILL. C27, near Castro — Upper Cat, & rooms
and bat_,
LARGEST :m of houses and fiau to let Ca-
en LTON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MJVV middls modern flat, 8 sunny rooms, bath,
basenent. 1523 Clay st, near Hyde.
OAK, 952-PC3, near Beott — 2 nice snnny upper
£at£ in fine condition; rent $27 CO.
PINE. 21CS — Cory flat, S upper sunny unfurn.
HM»2 alcove; bath; gas range; refs; couple.
TWO upper new flats; 8 rooms; rents $27 50.
22j" Fols->m Et.
UmJt flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20.
A4?ply "54 Precita ave.
$2250— ELEGANT, eunny, new 6-rocm Cat, J
Meol: north of Market. 165 Noe st. nr. 15th,
j^ATS^ros^ aiA^E-^rrag^KEP^^
NEW" rurniture and carpets of •trictly inodren
4-rootn cottage, with bath; must be sold
. within a week at great sacrifice, as owner
goes abroad: rent $1S. 1229 Harrison st
L— NGTON. 30, btt. Howard and Folsom—
Bargain; leaving clty^_^urnished flat cf 4
rooms; rent $10.
MODERN »-room flat: well furnished rooms;
full: bargain. Apply 12 to 8 p. m., 1178
Ellis tt. .
UDDER3& Funny furnished flat for sale; bar-
gain. 1123 O'Farrell st, near Franklin.
HOWARD. U30J4— Furniture from a sunny 7-
room fiat: must sell; reasonable.
CHARMING funny corner, six-room Cat, com-
t>!ete: clears $15. 494 Eddy st
FOR *&!•» — Nicely furnished flat, 6 rooms, bath;
rent reasonable; cheap. 406% CFmrreil st
$•'."75 — Furnished pur.ny corner flat; 7 rooms;
r»r.t $45; call after 10 a. ra. 721 Franklin st
— CL y WjUTTED— r_ MAXJ3.
COOK, first-class home $50
Cook, hotel, short distance In country f5y
Cook, es_'.I students' boarding-house.. .£!5
2 cooks. w*-.h and without washing.. $30-*^
2 second girls and parlormaid $25-$30
French maid and seamstress...... £25
S nursegirls $20-$2S
Housework girl, 3 family. Berkeley v';0
3 kitchen helpers $2O-S25
Cook, email restaurant £35
Cook, email boarding-house (25
Cook on a ranch $2S
44 general housework girls, city and coun-
try. $2u-$25-$30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 834 Sutter st
2 FTRST-CLAFS dressmakers, also 2 first-class
waist and skirt trimmers for Los Angeles,
• set madame here, wages $12 and $7 50
a week. Call J. F. CROSETT — CO., S34
Sutter st
A HOUEEWORK girl. 2 In family, $30; walt-
rees. $30; second girl, $25; cook. $30; house
girl. $25. 2 in family; house girl. Berkeley,
$30; TO boHM girls, $25 and SM, city; nurse
girl. $20. MRS. NORTON, SOS Mason st
A.— WANTED — Girls to learn balrdresslng,
xna—icurlng, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $3 to those entering now;
three positions to till Immediately; positions
guara-teed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary F»t. room 18.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for J15; positions as
trtrcmers. salecladies. makers, guaranteed at
$10 rer week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton Bt, r. IX
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; elz hours'
practice a day; guarantee, positions; • only
recegcized college of Its kind on coast; day
acd evening elaeres; all parlor work at re-
duced prioes. 133 Powell st
EXPERIENCED EHIRT OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE £TS.
RELIABLE girl, genera! housework, $25;
t>mai: family. 9-12 a. ra.. 2S61 Sacramento
st.; carfare.
AT Dr. Juiliy's sanitarium; intelligent young j
women to learn nursing; must contract for
one year. Inquire at 2504 Howard, 2-4 p. m.
WANTKD — Thoroughly experienced saleslady
for lace department MARKS BROS.. 1220
Market at.
VArr~TD — A f.r.iffcer en coats; also an ap- I
crestlte. 22» Etevenson St., room 5. i
GIRL r.anted fcr light housework; good noire.
CZl Greenwich st.
EXPERIENCED vraitress; 3 days a week:
good pay. People's Restaurant «31 Clay st
WANTED — First-class cook, downstairs work; i
co washlns. 2Cu7 Broadway.
VOL'NG girl with tome experience for fancy
dry goods rtcre. IhiO Pcik st ,
CHOCOLATE dipper; best of wages. Call '
JOHN WlCHilAN. 4S5 Valencia st J
WANTED— Ycubjt lady as bookkeeper. Me- '
l>iamid>, 1C14 Broadway, Oakland. !
A YOUNG jr!r! for light housework; no cook-!
tr.g nor washing; email family. JS3tJ gutter st ¦
YOUNG lady for office who understand* type- I
wrttinjr; afternoons and evening. 1015f£ g ut . j
ter tt.
GIUL for geuercJ housework: Catholic pro*
Jured: ?25. I5O0 Golden Gate ave.
Gini/ tt cssirt la general housework. Apply i
2S.-.9 I5u_i «*i. -
BUTTONHOLE makPr en vests. 041 1£ Steven- '
*con rt. t>ct. Seventh ind Eighth. I
YOUNG nurEORirl to c.vlst with children; ref-
erMice. 2<M3 California St., cor. Lycn.
CIRL to su>sl«t care children day time. Call
to-dgy. 10 to 3. 137S Vailejo.
EITW'ERS— Ladles' walEts kun'j goxrr.s. et».;
work sent or carfare paid. H. FRIED-
LAXDEB, SCS Fell gt
THAN AK1V OTHrD MPhll IM IN SXN rPANfiSfO
I I I/\M r\i\ V \J I liL-K .1 ILb'SLJl I advertising SB H : ..-.i_)Ai : Y i K/\M>^l._JvA/The followlns; table gives a comparative
statement for two years of tha estimated flow
of certain California rivers In cubic feet p«r
second, or second feet. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by W. B. Clapp.
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMXE DIVER AT~LA GRANGE.
Second Feet.
DATS. ¦ —
1903. 1904.
October » ." 53 6,291
October 10 58 5.72S
October 11 50 15.877
I October 12 C9 9.541
OctAber 13 59 4,941
I October 14 50 4.C91
October IS B9 4.091
This report Includes water taken out of
Tuotumn* River In canal of the Turlock and
Modesto Irrigation District.
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT RED BLUFF.
Second Feet.
DATE.
1903. 1904.
Octob«r » T 5.220 11. SIS
October 10 «,S2O 23.2*4
. October 11 , 7,570 40,200
! October 12 0.220 22.612
October 13 5.220 1.1.314
1 October 14 5.220 10.01S
| October 15 6.220 11.020
i TULE RIVER AT PORTERVILLE.
; Second Feet.
DATE. •
1903. 1904.
October » ' IS 98
October 10 IS 5S
October 11 19 as
October 12 17 19O
October 13 IT 9*
. October 14 18 83
October 15 IS 70
I . — — >
I KINO3 RIVER AT 3ANOER.
Second Feet.
I DATE.
1903. 1904- _
1 October 0 .\ " 210 2.^2
• October 10 210 2.395
I October It : 210 *-^S
. October 12 210 JStf
October 13 ISO £££
1 October I* ................ ISO J££
October 15 ....;.;.;.. 180 *- K9
FLOW OP RIVERS.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Oct. 24.— There
Is sorrow hereabouts, for the lateness
of frost has made the sauerkraut crop
a failure and Dutch, centers refuse to
be comforted. The crop was the larg
est ever raised in the State. After the
unprecedented yield of cabbage had
been minted It was discovered that lit
tle, slimy white snakes were all
through the kraut. Some of them are
a foot long.
Professor H. F. Summers, State En
tomologist, being appealed to. declared
the sauerkraut snake harmless. But
folk who did* not think he knew ate
some of the snaky kraut, and tri
umphantly became very sick.
The snakes are very slender, not
often so girthy as a match, and the
longest being twelve Inches "from tip
to tip."
SMALL SNAKES INFEST
IOWA SAUERKRAUT CROP
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
United States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday rendered Judgment In
favor'of P. B. Cornwall and others
and against J." J. Moore & Co.^ for
$3662 damages with Interest Rnd costs
for breach of charter party. The com
plainant alleged that : the defendants
chartered the ship Spartan on Janu
ary .16, 1902, tocarry, grain from this
port to Australia, nml that they re
fused to carry out the contract." alleg
ing ; that the ; ship .was unsea worthy.
Damages for Ship Spartan.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 24.
Ella and Maurice Schmltt to Union Truat
Company, lot on NW corner of Butter and
Goujjh streets, N 50 by W 137:6; |10.
City and County of dan Francisco to Daniel
J. and Kathezine T. Buckley, lot on N line of
Washington street, lal W of Buchanan. W
1'5:3 by 127 :«; 9 -.
Edward and David Wolfe and Anna, and
Joy LJchtensteln to Catherine Anderson, lot on
N line of OFarrell street, 355 :« W of Stelner,
W '££ by N W:«, Hamilton square; |10.
Joseph M. cumming to Virginia K. Cum
m\r\£, lut on NE line of Tenth street, 05 NW '
of Harrison. NW 4i> by NE ao; also lot on W
line of Third street. 6O N or Harrison. Si 25
by W 8*>; also lot on N line of Fell street. 10O
W of Polk; W 48 by N 137:6; gift.
WiUtam A. Uahr to Margaretha Bahr, lot
on W line of Valencia street, 22ti S of Six
teenth, S 24. W bH. N 24, E 12. N 0:9, E 26,
S 0:9, E 50; gift.
Union Trust Company and James H. Follls |
(trustees estate of Kichard H. Follla) to N. !
A. Denvier, lot on W line of Mission street, i
IVJ.U N or Twenty-second. N «8;10,,SW 140:6.
S 07:7, NE 140:«; $14,500. ' i
N. A. Denvier to D. Keil. same; $10. !
Ueorsre B. and Roeanna J. Vaughn to Jose- I
phlne Kogers, lot on E Hns of Lexington j
street, 85 S of Twentieth, S 22 by E 75; <10.
James D. Davidson to Mary J. G. Davidson,
lot en NE corner of Eighteenth and Noe
stieets. X 75 by E 85; girt.
Thomas R. McLeod to Isabella J. McLeod,
lot on E line of Dolores street, 61 S of Twen
ty-second, S 61 by E 117; also lot on E line
of Treat avenue, 175 N of Twenty-first street. |
N 5o by E 122:6; also lot on E line of Treat i
avenue. 15o N of Twenty-first street, N 23 by
E 122:6; clft. , ' -
Grace E. Strohn (Clark) to Mary E. Carter,
undivided one-half of lot on NE corner of
Battery street and Broadway. E 275. N 229:2.
W 137:6. S 22:11. W «$:«. SE 25, E 58:6. S
45:10, W 137:6, S 137:6; $10.
William and Mary E. Tracy to R. S.
Browne, lot on N line of Washington street, t
30 E of Washlnston place (also 146:3 E of
Dupont street). N 100 by E 37:8: $10.
Tllton E. Tillman to Tillman Estate Com
pany, all Interest In the following;: Lot on S
line- of Sutter street, 110 W of Dupont. W 27:6 i
by S 137:6; lot on S line of Harlan place. 179
W of Du:>ont street, also 128 N of Sutter. W
23 by S 61; lot on S line of Green street, 137:6 I
E cf Taylor. S 137:6 by E 137:6; lot on S line
of Sutter street. 255 E of Stockton. E 20 by S '
120; lot on E line of Battery street, 39:9 N of !
Commercial, N 20 by E 60; lot on SW corner i
of Broadway and Larkln street. S 137:6 by r
W 137:0; lot on S line of Pacific street. 206:3 i
W of Leavenworth. S 137:0 bj-W 68:9; lot on
N line of Commercial street, 60 E of Battery. I
E 25 by N 59:9; 14.2.85 shares of stock; | .
I<oulse Tillman to same, all Interest In same,
.11,235 shares of stock; $ .
Almoe J. Tillman to same. all. interest in
same. 14,28.1 shares of stock; $ — ¦ — . j
William H. and Margaret Brown to San ;
Francisco Coke and Gas Company, undivided j
one-quarter Interest In NB block H. bounded by I
S ltne of B«ach street. E line of Powell. N line j
of Jeff«rson and W line of Mason; 121,750. !
Ix)ls F. Tuttle (wife) to Hiram D. Tuttle.
lot on N line of Latham place, 77:6 W of!
Mason street, W CO by N 60: gift. I
Maria C. Coor>er to Nat Raphael, lot on NB
line of Second street. 125 SE of Harrison. SB j
8S:2V4. NE 130. NW 206:2%, SW 30, SE 123. I
SW 100; $10. .
Ralph and Elsa Reynolds to Peter J. How- |
ard. let on SE line of Natoma street. 122:6 |
SW of Mary, SW 25 by SE 70; $10.
Robert G. and Mary Wilson to James K. !
Warner, lot on SE line of Shipley street, 125
NE of Fifth. NE 25 by SE 75; $10.
John McKewen to Leon Kowalsky. lot on S '
line of California street. 32:6 E of Tenth ave- ;
nue. E 25 by S 110; $10.
Currier & Mitchell Company to Perdval t
Tomllnson. lot on W line of Twenty-fourth }
street. 125 S of Clement. W 120 by S 25; $10.
Bay District Land Company to Frederick J.
Knorre. lot on E line of Third avenue, 300 N i
ol A street. N 25 by E 120; $10. '
Same to Lawrence L. Berger and Gustaf A. I
Llndgren. lot on E line of Third avenue, 125 N
of A street. N 25 by.E 120; $10.
James M. and Catherine A. Forrest to J. W.
Wright & Sons' Investment Company, lot on E
lino of Fortieth avenfce. 200 N of Fulton street,.'
N 100 by E 120: $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Thomas C. and {
Madeline M. Martin, lot on S line of I street. ,
32:C W of Sixteenth avenue, W 25 by S 1C0;
$10. ~
Harriet V^Brownell to Ada I. McMahan, lot
on E line of Nineteenth avenue. 150 N of L
street. N 50 by E 140; $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Meta. Egbert
(wife of Adrian I~). lot on NW line of Paris
street. 175 NE of Brazil. NE 25 by NW 100. lot
t> block 13, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Rebecca and Eugene N. Levy to Bernhard
Getz. lot on N line of Montana street. 200 E of
C*Pltol. E 50 by N 125. lot 6. block V. Railroad
Homestead; $10.
State of • California (by Edward J. Smith.
Tax Collector) to G. H. Roundey. lot 7, block
11B. University Mound: J76.
Paul Verdler to Annan. line Verdler. lot on
E line of Ramsell street. 125 S of Garfleld. S
25 by E 100. !ot 23. block 35. City Land Amm- I
elation; al!>o lot on N line of Shields street.
75 W of Montlce.Uo. W B0 by N 100. lots 4 and
5 block 5. same: also lot on E line of Byxbee |
street. 175 N of Shields, N 25 by E 100. lot 12.
block 13. same: eift.
Unknown owners, (by James Gllleran. Super
intendent of Streets) to William Nlcol. lot 17,
block 142, Mission-street widening; $12.
•Bernhard and Rose Gets to Catherine Smith,
lot on W line of Head utrwt. 173 S of Sargent.
S 25 bv W 100. lot 36. block. 42. City Land As
sociation; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
A, P. . Glldden (owner) with II. J. Sprint
architect Pfflltpp Schwtrdt —
Lathlnc and plastering for six flats with
store and basement on lot on SW corntr of
Hayes and Flllmore street*, 8 25 by W 106:3;
?1100.
Marttn Hencken (owner) with O. A. Craem
er (contractor* architect F. D. = Bo«»e — AH
work for a four-flat frame building on lot on
NW corner of Green and Hyde streets. N 20
by WOO: $7780.
Paul Arata (owner) with W. E. Grant
(contractor), architect— All work except
gas fixtures for a three-story frame bulMlnjc
on lot on N line of Fllb'rt itrwet. S3:0 K of
Ptflner. E 20 by N 120. Western Addition 314;
$6060. .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. J BldAsk.
Adams 08 00; Mont Ton ..1 95 1 97%
Black Ants .. — 10! N ,Y Ton — C5
Black Butte.. 17 — | Paymaster ... 02 04
Blue Bull M. — 261 Pine Grove ..11 —
Booth M Co. .10 — jQulncy 11 —
Diamond field. 50 — Kay Exten -. — 08
Esperanza ... 01 02; Ray & O'Brien 06 —
Gold Anchor. 14 25 Ray Ton .... — 14
Goldfleld B Bl — 20 Red Top 14 16
Goldfleld B&B — 14! Rescue 10 12
Goldfleld Dmd — 20' Sandstorm ... 20 27
Goldfleld Mln 52 WlTon Belmont.. 71 74
Goldfleld SPk — 18 1 Ton & Cal... — 20
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — | Ton Exten . .1 65 —
Gold Mt Con. — C2! Ton & Gt W. 01 C2
Hazel Kirk.. — 12'Ton Gold Mt. 18 19
Jim Butler .. — 601 Ton Midway.. 38 39
Jumbo 51 82 Ton Nev.O 37% 9 87*J
Jumbo Ex .. 19 20 Ton N Star... 18 —
Uttle Ton .. 25 — Utopia 10 —
Lucky Tom.. 04 03 West End . . . . — 16
MacNamara . 29 '30
Continued From Page .Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Rev. Francis Taitt of Chester. Pa.,
was to-day elected assistant Bishop
of South Dakota. Many deputies left
for their homes to-night and the con
vention will adjourn finally to-morrow.
In the house of Bishops the Bishop
of Dallas was chosen to prepare the
pastoral letter at the triennial conven
tion in 1907, and the Bishop of Cali
fornia and the Bishop of Vermont were
selected to consult with the Bishop of
Dallas In preparing the letter.
The report of a special committee
appointed early in the session to con
sider the subject of lynching was, with
almost unanimous consent, laid on the
table. *
Both houses have appointed a joint
commission to consider the advisabil
ity of selecting a presiding Bishop of
the church. As president the senior
Bishop occupies this position and It
Is claimed that the duties are too
heavy for an aged diocesan. The com
mission will report to the next con
vention.
The house of deputies to-day re
jected, after a long debate, a resolu
tion to strike out the words "Protestant
Episcopal" on the title page of the
common book of prayer.
A PRESIDING BISHOP.
The Bishops adopted an amendment
to a section referring to the admin
istration of sacraments, providing that
if a clergyman shall have reasonable*
cause to doubt whether a person hav
ing: married "otherwise than as tha
word of God and discipline of the Epis
copal church allow," auch clergyman
shall refer the matter to the Bishop
before administering the sacrament.
The deputies had made an exception
in favor of the "Innocent party di
vorced" on the ground of adultery who
had remarried, but the Bishops struck;
out the -exception. Their action was
accepted by the house of deputies to
day.
Leading churchmen expressed the
opinion that the restrictions placed
upon the remarriage of an Innocent
party to a divorce are so stringent that
the remarriage of divorced persons will
be rare in the church. It is under
stood, however, that an attempt will
be made to have the next convention
specifically declare against remarriage
under any conditions-
No minister knowingly, after du« inquiry,
shall solemnize the marriags of any person
who has been or Is the husband or the wtf«
of any other person then living from whom
he or she has been divorced for any causa
arising after marriage. But thla canon shall
not be held to apply to the Innocent party in
a divcrce for adultery; provided that befora
the application for such remarriage a period
of not less than one year shall have elapsed
after the granting of such divorce, and that
satisfactory evidence touching the facts In th->
case, including a copy of the court's decree
and record If practicable, with such proof
that the defendant was personally served or
appeared In the action, be laid before the ec
clesiastic authority, and such ecclesiastic au
thority, having taken advice thereon, shall
have declared In writing that. In his Judg
ment, the case of the applicant conforms to
the requirements of this canon, and. provided
further, that It shall be within the discretion
of any minister to decline to solemnize' any
marriage.
RESTRICTIONS STRINGENT.
BOSTON, Oct. 24.— An agrreement on
the divorce question was reached to
day by the House of Bishops and the
House of Deputies of the Episcopal
General Convention after many days
of discussion. That section of tha
canon bearing: directly on the remar
riage of divorced persons, which was
amended by the Bishops Saturday, as
sented to by the deputies to-day and
becomes effective at one*. Is as fol
lows:
Innocent Party Allowed to
Remarry After One Year
Under Certain Conditions
AT OXCE
EFFECTIVE
Deputies Agree to the Canon
as Amended on Saturday
by the House of Bishops
DIVORCE ISSUE
IS ADJUSTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV TUESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1904.
12
»Ooms roB KOTTssnErxHro.^
A FLOOR of iProoms, alcove and bath, fur-
nished for housekeeping: piano and sewing
machine: eastern exposure: 5 minutes' walk
to Kctny st. For terms. Inquire mornings.
1309 Taylor st. or phon« Main 3055.
ALD1XE. 404 Turk— Sunny bay-window oulte;
g«s Etove, run nine: wat«r: $20 per month;
also other rooms.
BRYANT, 444 — Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping; one single for lady.
BUSH, 7SS (rear) — 2 large sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping, $18; light house-
keeping, $14.
EDDY. 4CS— Well furnished back parlor, with
grate, arranged for licht housekeeping.
EDDY, 611 — Furnished housekeeping roqms.
EDDY S04 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms with
bath.
ELEVENTH ave. South. 1535 — 3 large, sunny,
furnished rooms; complete; rent $10 month.
ELLIS. 325 — Suites of rooms for housekeeping.
ELLIS, 862 — To let. nice large sunny suite of
rooms; also housekeeping rooms. '
ELLISDELL, 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping: also single room; reasonable.
FOURTEENTH, 706—3 sunny frunlshed hkpg.
raw.; use of kitchen; desirable; jent reas.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 429 — Room for light
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631—2 nicely furnished
sunny rooms, complete for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204 — A sunny parlor
eulte, suitable for housekeeping; also single
rocms: bath and phone.
GREEN. 1812 — Nice room: one or two ladles
or couple: housekeeping privileges.
GROVE. .12—3 connecting unfurnished rooms
and single.
GROVE, 109 — Two nice newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and phone.
HERMANN. 61. between Twelfth and Thir-
teenth — 2 rooms and bath for housekeeping;
$12; close In.
HOWARD, 719H— 2 large housekeeping rooms;
atdultw cr.ly; respectable; no transient.
HOWARD, S22 — Two suites housekeeping
rooms; gas and coal stoves.
HYDE and Washington (apply 1505 Washlng-
• ton — 2 newly furnished housekeeping rms.;
every convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 2506.
- j
JESSIE, 323 — 2 large sunny basement rooms, '
furnished housekeeping; gas and coal range, i
2 beds, $4 week: 1 front parlor. $3 25 week.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Bunny furnished 3- room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LIBERTY. 604; take Castro car— Modern, sun-
ny, 4-room parlor floor; ref.; adults; $18.
' MINNA, ' 546 — Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12; gas range: hot bath; adults.
OAK, 1193, near panhandle — Large eunny fur-
nished front room:kltchen complete ;gas stove.
PAGE. 116 — Nicely furnished housekeeping
r.xiais: running water; bath.
PINE, 2140 — One sunny furnished room: gas
and bath; housekeeping permitted; $10.
POST! 0C2— Nicely furnished suites; $15 to $20;
. gas, closets, running water; convenient.
RITCH, 307 — Three rooms furnished for house-
keeping, $12. * .
SACRAMENTO. 1514 — Parlor floor, 5 elegantly
furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT. 3C0— Northeast corner; 2, 3 or 4 rooms,
newly furnUhed; bath; extra sunny.
SECOND. 149— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
EHOTWELL, 822 — Two sunny front rooms
furnished complete for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. 126 — To let, 4 unfurnished
rvom? for housekeeping; no children.
EUTTER. 192$ — :{ large sunny rooms and bath;
•lUlre upper floor; clean; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 911 — Furnished suite, gas range, $12;
3 attic rooms, gas range, $10; single. $6. . • -¦
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3305 — 2 email sunny un-
furnished rooms; cas; yard; ?5 monthly.
TWENTY-SECOND. 3447—2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; all complete.
WASHINGTON. 1419 — Two sunny furnished
rooms, with piano; light housekeeping: $16.
APABTMEJTT HOUSES.
ET. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-1
rocms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
HO OMB TO LET — Pnra. and TJnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
EELMOXD House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electrlo
llebts; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to SOc per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNLK, 1424 — Large, sunny rooms, well
furnished, hot and cold water, gas, phone,
baih: suitable for 2 gentlemen or for gentle-
man and lady: other rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 320— Room to rent unfur-
nished.
EDDY. 210 — Sunny, front suite; also double
and single rooms; private; terras moderate.
EDDY. 4G8— Hall bedroom $S; room ground
floor for working man $5.
ELLIS. 611 — Newly furnished, sunny rooms;
$2 to $5 week; first-class, quiet; bath.
ELLIS, 1130 — Handsomely furnished room;
suitable for 1 or 2; board if desired.
FRANKLIN. 721— Sunny furnished front room;
flO; all conveniences.
FRANKLIN, 1518 — Sunny furnished front
room; running water; breakfast and dinner; j
reasonable.
GEAKY, 1225 — Large bay-window sunny room
for gentleman; modern, convenient; only $12.
• GOLDEN GATE ave., 847., opposite Jefferson
, Square — Furnished rooms, suite or single.
{ GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
i GRANT. 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny suite; also
single rooms; $2 50 to $7 week.
HAWTHORNE. S— Large front room to rent.
HOWARD. 7374— Furnished rms.; good loca-
! tion; also some housekpg rms.; very reas.
HOWARD. 715 — Large sunny rooms at low
rates: 25c to 51 day and $1 25 to $3 week.
HOWARD. 1051. bet. Sixth and Seventh—
i Nicely furnished rooms: double or single;
newly furnished; painted and papered. |
HOWARD. 2032— For doctor or dentist, an ele-
gant parlor eulte with bath; private.
JKSSIE, »63, east U. S. Mint— Nicely furnlsh-
ed rooms, double bed. $10; single rooms, $5.
KEARNY. 104 — 3 unfurnished rocms; sunny;
bay window; front; $22 50; housekeeping;
adults; references.
KEARNY, 30R. cor. Buih— Nicely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms and bath.
LANGTON. 21%. between Sixth and Seventh —
To let. furnished room with water. *,f
LARKIN. 1038 — Single, sunny, front room.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— 400
tingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
12 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele*
vator service day and nlKht to its guests.
MARKET, 718 — Front suite rooms; newly ren-
ovated; prices reasonable.
MARKET. 017 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms:
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator. .
MINNA. C59A— Furnished rooms ; adult*.
OAK. 42. near Van Ness ave. and Market st. —
Furnished sunny front parlor to let; rent
reasonable: German family.
O'FARRELL, 658 — Sunny front parlor and side
room; business center; quiet block.. - \
O'FARRELL, 671 — Newly furnished rooms;
first-class beds; price reasonable.
PACIFIC. 1083— Room to let. ' .
PINE, 2786— Sunny bay-window, 7 rooms and
bath; house completely furnished; yard;
basement: reasonable. ' .
PINE. 1300. corner, Hyde-^-Sunny corner rait*;
' bath, phone.'
BOOMS TO LET- gnrn. and TTnfnrn.
POLK, 1820 — Newly furnished, sunny front
bedroom with bath: reasonable.
POST. 217, near Grant ave.— Elesarr. .iront .
eulte; also single room; reasonable:
POST. 701, cor. Jones (Warren Aptmts) — Ele- .
gantly furnished front suite, steam heat, gas \
and electric lights, bell service, bath, phone,
running, water, elevator: decidedly up-to-date j
and for eentlemen only. j
ROYAL HOUSE.120 Ellis — Incandescent lights; j
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par- I
lor; rooms per night, 3.V: to $1 50; week, $2 i
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground |
floor; rooms with hot and cold, water; baths, j
SIXTH, 143— Furnished rooms to let : with
housekeeping privileges.
ST. REGIS, Hyde and Ellis — New house: new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator
service: if sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject see these rooms; $3 per week up.
STEVEN SON] C20— Sunny front furnished
room to let cheao.
SUTTER. 717 — Sunny rooms, back or front;
grate, running water; 8 minutes to town.
TAYLOR, 21— Elegant front suites and single;
hot water; steam heat; elevator; $20-$30 mo.
TAYLOR. 246 — Nicely furnished room for 2
eentlemen.
TAYLOR, 624, near Sutter — Sunny, front, bay-
window room; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS ANI>
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THH
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
6ANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE, HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MOrERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter— New brick bldg.i
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRD, 415B — Rooms, en 6ulte and single,
$1 50 per week; modern flat; bath, laundry.
TWENTY-NINTH. 325.— Sunny room.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, rt*d-room; tree bu*; baggage.
WALLER, 60, near Market — Large bay-window
front room; one or two. gentlemen; $3 week.
WASHINGTON, 704— Furnished rooms to let.
WEBSTER. 1352 — Sunny furnished front room,
suitable for gentlemen.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 CO night: $2 to $8 week: elevator;
c-lec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up: ele-
gant transient rooms. 50c per night.
CH E A PEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
_^ w^ w J»OOMS^.Bri> BOARD.
ST. GEORGE. 1618 Washington; Just open;
handsome, newly furnished, sunny suites; pri-
vate baths; single rooms: modern conven-
iences; excellent table board; reaEonable rates.
POWELL, 816 — Elegant furn. sunny parlor
suite, with breakfast and dinner in refined
private family; grand marine view.
LADY offsrs comfortable board and room for
$S month in return for light duties. 1433
Eighth ave.. Sunset District, city.
COMMODIOUS room, suitable for two gentle-
men, with breakfast and dinner. $40 per
month. 1254 Eddy st.
BOARD and room; private family. 330 Te-
hama st.
CHESTNUT. 266— Large sunny room with
board.
COMORA, 621 O'Farrell— Desirable rooms;
just vacated; sunny; large grounds; board.
ELLIS. 453 — Nice furnished rooms with best of
French table beard; reasonable.
FIRST-CLASS room and board, $30; two. $50;
refined family; central. Box 34S6, Call.
GEARY. 1052— Room and board for single
gentleman In private family, jj *
HOWARD, 841 A— First-Class board and room,
single or'double. $5 week; American family.
MASON. C15A — Sunny front room, with or
without board, for lady; private family.,
O'FARRELL, 911 — Nicely furnished rooms, en
suite or single.
TWO adjoining rooms suitable for 2 or 8 men,
with or without board. 4GOVs Natoma st.
ELLIS, 1174— Single room with flrst-cla»»
home board; young gentlemen: references.
PINE. 952— Beautifully furnished front con-
necting rooms; will give breakfast.
ROOM and beard: reasonable. 900 Van Ness
avenue.
ROOM and board with private family. 755
Eddyist.
SANCHEZ. 1241— Room with board.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
807 California — See rms. learn prlces.try table.
"WANTED — Two young gentlemen to room and
board; reasonable. 429A Ellis st.
! VAN NESS. 700— Sunny front alcove suite;
modem conveniences; home cooking.
VAN NESS ave.. 908 — Large eunny room -for
two. with board.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
PB0P0SAI.S.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., October 25. 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re- j
celved here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
f), 1904, and then opened for completing cer- I
tain Items of construction, plumbing:, heat- ]
ing. and gagfltting in new brick hospital at I
Fort" McDowell. California, In accordance j
with rlans and specifications. Government !
reserves the right to reject or accept any or j
nil , bids in whol- or In part. Information j
furnished on application to WM. S. PATTEN, I
Assistant Quartermaster General, Chief Quar-
termaster.
i SAN FRANCISCO. Cai., September 28. 1904
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be r«-
Oilvcrt here until 11 o'clock a. m., October
28, 15)04, ,and then opened for constructing
macadam roads and concrete sidewalks and
gutters at Fort MUey, Cal. Government re-
serves the right to reject or accept any or
all bids in whole cr in part. Information
furnished on application to WM. S. PAT-
TEN, Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. October 22, 1904.—
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., Novem-
ber 22, 1904. and then opened for construct-
ing small picket guard-house at entrance to
Fort Baker Reservation, California. Gov-
ernment reserves) the right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids In whole or in part. In-
formation furnished . on application to WM.
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral, Chief Quartermaster.
i- . 9
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shlped. 725-
¦ 731 Howard st., nr. Third: phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice' Post and Powell ats.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
1 GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. I . W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. • 2320 Flllmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery ;
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TKOLLEY parties. > clubs, • fraternities, look
here: a chance to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit > any purse at ' Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of I electrlo
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrhead building. Market and Lnrkln its.
_ _ . - ' ¦ PBTjrmrWO. ;_
GUARANTEED our«: send 60c: tablet ~ form
mailed in plain packare: - has • cured Uiou-
candn. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldr.. S.F.
BT U TT1IRIWQ A»P - STAMMERING.
IlELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and^Market.
cure*: estab. In 8. F. 4 yri. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
, - " ¦ . - : viavi. . ¦¦ ;.•¦¦ ..,:
A WAY to health; 'mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet 'free; write- for- It.
VIAVI • CO/, Van ,' Ness.'. ,- Phone : Eaet 282.'
_. TYPEWBITEBa AJTP STTPPXilES.
AN exceptionally good ' No. 2 RemlngtonT^No^l
1 .-- Emlth , Premier, $25; ¦ '. other; typewriters ' at
; • • ' higher and -. lower „- prices : • rentals $2 50. , The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 .California ; •U't^ ?
I 2D-H AND '. typewriters ' ' sold, rented,"' repaired.'
V*bster Typewriting Inspec. Co., COS Market.
MARRIAGE IJCENSBS.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: _
Wilbur Norman, 36 626 Eddy street, and
•Grace E. Kell. 20 1157 Ellis street. •
'Max Leder, 21. 727% Clementina street, and
Elizabeth Campbell, 21, city. , .
Edward CM. Archer 23, Salida, Colo., and
Beryl Kinnlcutt. 21, Myrtle Point, Or.
George Winkler, 49, city, and Janet Smutek, i
Harry Patekj' 30, C33 Eddy street, and LllHe .
England«r, 2tt, 633 Eddy street. . I
Jacques Chanteloup, 38, San Mateo, ana
Marie Marestin. 23 1207% Golden Gate avenue. |
Ira A. Smith. 21. Vancouver Barracks, and i
Eva W. Doyle, 18. 1474 Sacramento street. f
Benjamin L. Dean 33, 221 Lee avenue, and
Mamie A. Blase, 20 ° Angel Island. *
Charles C. Nichols, 21, 24S5 Broadway, and
Charlotte E. Moulder, 21, Clay and Gougn
streets.
Edmund R. Steele 29, 400 Geneva avenue. |
and Myrtle L. Swlnney, 31. St. Joseph, Mo. |
Frederick J. Jefferson. 20, Sacramento, and j
Irma Coffey, 18, Sacramento. |
Nathan A. Arluck. 24. 72 Chesley street, and
Fannie. Welnberg. IS, 34-Converse street.
Otto Mehlmann. 29, San Luis Oblspo, and
Antoinette S. Stuart, 30. Carlin, Nevada.
Brio Elm. 31. Fowler, and Marie Ahren, 25,
Fresno. . . . .
Alfred Peterson. 23. 415 First street, and
Marie K. Carlson, 25. 39% Perry street.
John F. Eran, 22. 1923 Flllmore street, and t
Delia A. Kelly, 20, 2S1« Washington street. /
Thomas Loughran. 20. 934 Post street, and
Alice Cremlns. 20. 319A Pore street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrtare and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and !>•
Indorsed .with tha name and residence of per-
sons authorixed to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to l ne "pouncement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. ¦- . .
BORN.
DE BERNARDI— In thla city, October 22,
1004, to the wife of Mr. De Bernardi, a
daughter. -
HARPER— In this city, October 21. 1904. to
the wife of Russell Harper, a daughter.
MARRIED. (
COLTON— ANSELL— In this city, October 9.
1904. by. the Rev. M. S. Levy. Loula A.
Colton and Edna Annell, both of this city.
FRASER— ABRAMS1CK— In this city, Octo-
ber 23. 1904, by the Rev. Frederick A.
Doane, Hugh W. Fraser and Louise J.
Abramsick. both of San Francisco.
GRUMAN — BERNSTEIN— In this city. Octo-
ber 12. 19C4. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Saul
Gruman and Sadie Bernstein, both of this
city. I
LESSER— GORDAN— In this city. October 9, (
1004, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Harry Lesser I
of Oakland and Rebecca Gordan of this city.
SHAPIRO— MENDELSOHN— In this city, Sep-
tember 19 1904. by the Rev. M. S. Levy,
Samuel Shapiro of Napa and Sadie Mendel-
sohn of this city.
DIED.
Adams, Nonekah L. Lyons. Dennis
Bayle. John McAleer. Mary A.
Campbell. Jean M. McDevltt. Mary E.
- Clancy. Michael McLeod. Thomas R.
Costello, John Madden. Jane
Cunningham, Clemen- Meyers, Lena
Una I. Muller. Oscar E.
Daly, Harry Petersen, Gustave A.
Farrington. Ana Renwick. Anna
Frick, Jean Rowe. Catnerine
Fry. Abbie Scaflre. Leona
Hall. Edmund Sinclair. Edward G. i
Haterlus. Clarence B. Stone, Appleton W. 1
Helm. John G. Sullivan. Michael !
Herrin. Michael Turton, Harry j
Hersey. Elizabeth P. Vantreight. Robert F. j
Johns. William Watson Charles H.
Kennedy. John Willis. Jeremiah [
Koesel. George T. Wimbley. John W. .
Kyburz, Anna M. Wtnthrop. Edward H. :
Lange, Johanna Wulbern. Christopher J
Levi. Arthur Younger, Alfred E. )
ADAMS— In this city. October 22. 1904, No- j
nekah L., dearly belovfd daughter of Berta |
and Joseph Adams, sister of Juantta Adams. ;
and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Louie j
Godair, a native of San Francisco, aged 7 !
years.
" (tyrhe funeral will take place to-day
. (Tuesday), at 1 p. • m. • Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
BAYLE— In Reno. Nev.. October 21. 1904.
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Bayle. ar.d father of Mrs. C. Artlgues. Mrs.
L. l-acazp nnd Miss Catherine Bayle, and
father-in-law of Charles Artlgurs and Louis
i Lacaze and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
J. Barelllee. and uncle of Mrs. C. Barellles
of West Berkeley, Mrs. L. Lombard of Ala- |
meda and Neolie. Marie. Annie, Pierre and
Veronica Barelllea, and grandfather of John
1... Franclne O.. Joseph C and Paul A.
• Artiguen, n nattve of. France, aged 63 years
1 mrnth npd 23 days.
i ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 20, at 1 p. m.. from his late ,
residence. 1332 Fifth avenue. South San I
Francisco, thence to Masonic Temple, "Post j
and Montgomery streets, where services will j
be held under the auspices of South San j
Francisco Lodge No, 212, F. and A. M.. |
commencing at 2 p. m.. thence to Eighteenth j
and Guerrero streets by electric car. "Inter- j
j merit Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Please omit |
i flowers. — i
CAMPBELL— In Oakland. October 23. 1904,
Jean M.. beloved wife of L. E. Campbell, j
and daughter of Mr?". M. M. Martin, and sis-
ter of Mrs. M. P. Fox. Mrs. C. .B. Myrlck.
•Mrs. H. V. Willcutt, C. F. and G. W. Martin, !
a native of Contra jfeta County, California, j
aged 24 years 5 momns and 29 days. J
CLANCY— In this city.' October 23 1004, ;
Michael, beloved husband of Elizabeth >
! Clancy, father of Joseph H. Clancy, son of
Martin and the late Maria Clancy, and
brother of Martin. John, Eugene, William I
and Thomas Clancy. Mrs. P. Foley and Mrs.
R, Groswird. a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 6 months and 15 days. ¦
E7"Remalns at the parlors of McFadden.
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be- I
tween Seventh and Eighth.. Notice of fu- !
neral hereafter. J
COSTRLLO— In this city. October 24. 1904, !
John, dearly beloved and only son of Daniel I
and the late Mary Costello, ¦ and loving j
brother of Mary Costello, Mrs. Frank Co-
malch and the late Mrs. John O'Brien, a!
j native of Plttsburjt. Pa., ag**d 28 years..;
; C^Members of Company A. First Callfor- j
' nla Volunteers, and, friends and acquaint- |
¦ ances are respectfully Invited to attend the
j funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at S:.'tO
• a. m.. from his late residence, 49 Gilbert
I .street, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
i requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
, repose of his soul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
! Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. October 24. 1904.
at the Hotel Bella Vista. Clementina Im-
fant Cunningham, wife of the late Caleb
LorlnK Cunningham, a native of Bath, Me.,
aged 78 years and 7 months.. (Boston, Mass.,
papers please copy.) \
CT'Interment private.
DALY— In Oakland. Cal.. October 24. 1904, at
126« r > Cypress street, Harry, Fon of Harry
and Christina Daly of Biggs, Cal., a native;
of California, aged 1 month and 12 days. !
FARRIXGTOX— In this city. October 22. 1004, I
Ann Farrington, beloved mother of Mrs. M. I
Sullivan and John Farrington. and grand-
. mother of Annie and Edward Sullivan, a na-
tive of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 63
years. (San Jose papers please copy.)
[E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a.m., 'from the residence
of her daughter. 58 Converse. St., thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 9 a.' m. In-'
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRICK— In Los Angelea, October 22. 190*,
Jean, beloved daughter of Robert N. and i
Maud C. Frlck, aged 7 months.
(ETServlces to-day (Tuesday), at 2 p. m.,
. at the residence, 1715 Euclid avenue Berke-
ley.
FRY— In this city. October 24, 1004, Abbie >Fry/
a native of County Cork,- Ireland, aged 75
years. , j
HALL — In this city, October 23. 1904,
Edmund, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet Hall, and beloved father of Q. W.
Hall. Mrs. A. Carroll. Mrs. A. Lewis, Mrs. |
G. Warner. Mrs. R. E. Kerrlson and Edna,
Annie, Edith and Genevleve Hall, a native .
of New - York, aged 60 years 10 months and :
¦ 12 days.' " '. . - ¦*-'¦.' ¦'-... . .-;•:.': ,'i
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
?Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from. his late resi-
dence. 643 , Folsom street, thence by 0:30
a. m. train to Martinez. Interment Mar-
tinez Cemetery.
I H ATERIUS — In Vinland. Fresno County. Sat-
urday. October 22, 1904, at 11:30 a. m.,
Clarence Emanuel Haterlus. • beloved son of
Rev. Dr. and Mrs. C. J. E. Haterlus, and be.
loved- brother of Ruth E., - Eunice A.. Carl
R. E... Chauncey M. and • Haunce O. W.
Haterlus, of 204 • Dolores - street, San Fran-
cisco," a- native of Saronvllle,* Nebr., aged 20
years G months and 21 days. (Chicago papers'
please copy. ••.
•"•-• ' E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-'
.fully Invited to. attend -the funeral services
Wednesday, October 26, l at ; 2 p. ~ m.. at the
Swedish Lutheran : Ebenezer ¦ Church. ¦ Fif-
teenth and • Dolores street*. San - Francisco.
Interment will take ¦ place ,at Randolph'
-. i-Kana. 1 ""; - '•'.'-..''• . , ' ' ¦ " ¦ '
HEIM— In thl« city. October 22 .1004 ' John
G.. beloved husband of < the late Babette
Helm, and father of Mrs. Katherlne Hof-
stetter and Mrs. Rertha Stolner. and brother
of Mrs. :' John Ha ussier/- Mrs. John Biuer-
and John and .Jacob Helm, a native of
,F. J. Monahan. Manager. . Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN. O'H^KA^OO;
funeral' directors and embalmers.
2339-2341 .' Mission et.. near Nineteenth, r
-.—.-—> .--;- San Francisco... "\
James McGinn. Henry Hansen. .
;•>: JAMES McGINN'iCO./-
- Formerly d WithV McGinn B*x. :,
—Funeral Directors and • Embalmers—
214 Eddy ; st. Tel. South 676.
MT.^ r - ESTATE — COTJJTTBY— Tor S*Jt>.
160-ACRE ranch for $3230; six miles from a
larre town: Alameda. Co.: fine level road
to the land- 130 acres cultlvatable; nevet
failure of crops; no brush or waste land;
well watered by many fine eprlngi; house,
barn and outbuildings; fenced and cross
fenced; school 1% miles; a splendid ranch I
for stock, hogs and poultry: this is a genu- |
ir.e bargain; don't miss It: photos and full ;
particulars at this office. H. H. CRANE. 503
California »t-
FOR SALE. *
The Potter ranch, three miles north of
Napa. 3*> been subdivided Into 15 blocks. |
ranging from 10 to 30 acres each; this ranch j
Is nicely located In the center of Napa Val-
ley near a good school, and is offered for
sale at the low price of $66 to $90 per acre
by Napa and San Francisco Real Estate
Co.. 25 North Main st.. Napa, Cai.
FOR sale — A nice Bartlett pear ranch: nice
new house and barn; finest, coolest drink- 1
Ing water: healthiest place In this State;
will take in exchange city or town property
as part payment. FRED BRANDT, Chi-
cago Park. California.
EALE or exchange for city property: eacrlflce;
153 acres. Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
EHADBURXE. 405 Montgomery tt.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bs-nralns in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st.
fSOOO WILL secure a large tract of land that
is »crth four times the amount asked; must
be soil before November 1; a chance to make
a fortune; positively no risk. Box 2702. CalL
A SNAP for Immediate cash; 200 acres of the
finest land tn Northern California- ALEX
MURDOCK. 875 Thirty-seventh St., Oakland.
FOR eale or lease — Nearly 6 acres all im-
proved, house, etc E. A. HUSING. Fourth
ave. and B st., San Mateo.
KOR good Government lands Inquire 305 Lar-
kln St.. room 49, near City Hall.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
CalL 16 pares, sent to any address In tn*
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BEAL ESTATE TOEICHAgGE.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
fcr ranches. J. H. EDSON. 14-15 Bacon
block. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — Road house with grounds or small
hotel In country; state full particulars. Box
i3»5. Call office.
SEWTHOMACHOTES^LOT^OTPijixS.
WE ehall close our retail office at 300 Post
st. Nov. I; we have a lot of new White
cewicf machines that are slightly shopworn
th&t we Ehall positively sell at half price
or less before removal: our new retail office-
Is located at 915 Market st. White Sewing
Machine Co.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Emlth Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, S36 California st.
tD-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 608 Market.
ALAMEDA ADVERT y S ? M ? TS
AXAMEOA aEAL 2STATE.
READY for occupancy: a new 6-room cottage;
lot r»0xl0S; to be sold this week. See owner,
J. H. YOl'XG. 1243 Park gt.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERT ; S ? NTS
BERKELEY SEAL ESTATE.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware St.. Berkeley; S
rooms and bath; lot 40x135: new and modern:
eunny exposure; fine x-lew; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to chow prop-
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.),
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth si.
Oakland.
$150 DOWN.
To close nut my holdings in Golden Gate and
near Ashby etation. on the Key route. I will
veil lots and build small homes on your own
plans fcr only (150 down.
M. L. WURTS & CO.. 1323 Broadway, op-
posite Postofflce. ¦:>
BERXEI.Zrr HOUSES TO LET. ''
FOH rent — In desirable residence (section of
Berkeley, house of 9 rooms, porcelain bath.
storeroom; Etable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berryman etation. 5 blocks from Berke-
ley and G from entrance to university: 2025
Virginia St.. between Shattuck and Mllvla;
newly painted and papered throughout: rent
$35; will not be rented to tenants who let
housekeeping rooms. Apply 26 Montgomery
«.. room 8, San Francisco, or LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave,. Berkeley.
BERKEIiET BOOMS AJTP BOABP.
FURNISHED room, with board. 1630 Woolsey
Kt., Lortn Station. South Berkeley.
FKUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
o raimryALE bxax estate.
FOR SALE— $2750; 1t cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
LOT— 50-foot frontage on Fruitvale av«. ; want
offer. Address owner. P. O. box 462, Fruit-
val». Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M ? TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAgLACT) HEAL ESTATE.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will eell these properties at figures far
below the present market ratv. If you want
a bargain call on or write us for particulars.
J. II. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway.
EELDENS BARGAINS.
$3750 — New 2-story. 7-room bouse and lot
&0xll5. near Telegraph ave. and Key route.
$2223 — New colonial cottage on 35th St.;
•unny lot 30x112; r.ear Key route; easy terms.
$2oO<i — 5-room cottage en Jackson St., near
Oak rt. nation.
$s50-r-Will buy let 50x133 on Ettle St.. near
Key route and new car ehous and B st. sta-
tion. Berkeley local train, with old 4-room
cottage; a few hundred dollars will put It in
shape: a good speculation.
$1325 — Choice lot on 6th ave., near E. 10th
«t. and Clinton nation: 50x100.
BELDEN. 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
$100 CASH. $5 monthly; 16 superb lot*. 200x
200 covered with fruit tree« In full bearing.
5 to 10 acres may be had. besides; deep,
eandy loam sell; lots lay fine, with grand
view; choice location; away from fogs and
cold winds; near electric car line, boulevard
and district schoolhouse; adjoining East Oak-
land; price all told. $C50, discount off for
cash. Call or send for circular. 455 Setenth
St., opp. etation, Oakland. Carriage free.
H. 2. JONES. Lanfl Owner.
FOR sale — $4000; a new Colonial house of 8
rooms; modern and convenient; lawn and
flowers: air and sunshine; fwell vicinity of
Oakland, near Key route; $1000 cash and can
arrange loan of $3000; anxious to eell at ence.
Owner, box 4889. Call office.
£2750 — A FINE home of 7 rooms: large lot:
all street work done: near Key Route: easy
terms. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C6 Tenth st..
Oakland. ' _^
FOR sale — Two new up-to-date bungalow 8-
rooro houses; large lot with barn; very
cheap. Inquire on premises, 688 Thirtieth
et.. or 1055 Broadway. Oakland.
OAXLABTD BOOKS AND BOARD.
GENTLEMAN roomer or boarder; private fam-
ily; convenient to local trains. 1352 Harrison
Bt., Oakland. •
OAKZiAJTO BOOMS TO LET. .
WANTED— A reliable tenant for 3 unfurnished
now** keeping rooms; adults. 853A Harrison
•it., Oakland. . -
TVANTED^ — Roomers at the Winiamette House,
S71 Tenth «t.. Oakland.
O AKLiUD 8T0BSS TO - LET.
TO let— $25; store, corner Twenty-sixth "st. and
San Pablo ave.; fixtures, llvlnr-room, large
workf hop and stable. Inquire opposite, 1027
Ban Pablo . ave.
OAKLAyP] TVKHITVBJS j yOBtBALjB^
TO-MORROW for bargal1n]rTnr7urnl-
ture. H. Schelfaaas, 11th «t..cor.«tore.O«Jcland
Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 67 years 8
months and 26 days. A member of Exempt
Firemen and- California Stamm No. <0, u.
O. R. M. ¦ .. ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦'¦ •_ i .'.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. from Red Men s
Hall. 510 Bush 'street, where funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
California Stamm No. 70. U. O. R. M.
; Remains at the parlors of Theodor Dierks,
957 Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HERRIN— In this city. October 22. 1904.
Michael Herrin. beloved brother of William
Herrin. a native of Bangor, Maine., agf d
52 years 6 months and 7 days. A member
1 of Piledrivers' and Bridge-builders' Unioi
No. 1.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lrvvit«-l !'• attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m.; from the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dierks 957 Mission "
etreet, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HERSEY— In this' city. October 23. 1904.
Elizabeth Peabody Hersey, beloved mother
of Mrs. A. H. Stanbrldge,' and grandmother
of Mrs. W. de L. Kingsbury and Charles.
Horatio and Clinton Stanbr!dge_ a nattve of
New Boston. N. H., aged 05 years 2 months
and 12 days. (New Hampshire papers please
copy.)
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2:30 p. m.. at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Drtvate.
JOHNS— In Alameda, October 23 1904, at
2051 Santa Clara avenue, William Johns,
beloved husband of Margaret B. Johns, and
father of William F.. S. J.. A. T. and C. R.
Johns, a native of England, aged -80 years
and 6 months.
IE7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 25, 1904. at 12:30 p. m., from his
late residence. 2051 Santa Clara avenue. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
KENNEDY— In this city, October 22. 1904,
John Kennedy, a native of Ireland, aged 75
years.
KOESEL— In this city. October 22. 1004.
George T., beloved son of ' George E. and
Mary H. Koesel. and devoted brother of
L. C. and W. B. Koesel, and grandson of
Mrs. C. H. Jensen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 4 months and 20 days.
A member of Brotherhood of Teamsters.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ir.vitt'1 to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). October 25, at 10:30 a. m., from
the residence of his brother, 010 Hampshire
street, corner Eighteenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KYBURZ— In this city, October 24. 1904, Anna
j Maria Kyburz, beloved wife of the late
Christian Kyburz, and beloved mother of
Bertha Kyburz. Mrs. Maria Fisher of Chi-
cago and Gustave Kyburz of Oregon, a na-
tive of Canton Solcthurn. Switzerland, aged
70 years 2 months and 28 days.
LANGE— In this city, October 24, 1904. Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of John C. R. Lange,
and mother of Mrs. Ellse Steward of Spo-
kane. Wash.. Edmond Lange and Mrs. Em-
ma Bosselman. a native of Germany, aged
79 years 11 months and 5 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 26, 19C4. at 10 a. m.. from her
late residence, 624 Washington street, thence,
to Third and Townsend streets by 11:30
a. m. train. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
LEVI— In this city, October 24, 1904. Arthur
Levl, beloved son of Samuel and Rosie Levl,
and brother of Pauline, Maurice and Loon
Levi, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years and 4 months.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 11 a. m.. from his late resl- j
dence, 214 Seventh street. Interment New
Selem Cemetery. •
LYONS— In this city. October 23, 1904, Dennis
Lyons, a native of Ireland.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m..»from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, near
Ninth, thence to St. Ignatius Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McALEER— In Dlxon. Cal.. October 22. 1904,
Mary A., beloved wife of the late Hugh
McAleer, dearly beloved mother of Mary A.,
Matilda. Margaret, Sarah. Lillian and An-
drew McAleer, and beloved sister of David
Clark, a native of County Tyrone. Ireland,
aged 55 years 2 months and 10 days.
(County Tyrone, Ireland, papers please
copy.)
(H7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). -at 1 :.TO p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 307 Thirtieth street, between Church
and Sanchez. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
McDEVITT— In this city. October 23 1904,
Mary Ellen, beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam McDevltt. and mother of John W.
McDevltt and Mrs. Thomas Keating, a na-
tive of Philadelphia.
ICTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-t
tend the funeral Tuesday, October 25. at
ft:3u a. m.. from her late residence, 1229
Howard street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, corner Tenth and Howard streets,
where mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
McLEOD— In thla city. October 22. 1004.
Thomas R.. beloved husband of Ivabell J.
McLeod, and father of Fred O. and George
R. McLeod. a native of Nova Scotia, aged
61 yearn 1 month and 19 days.
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are resipect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral rervicea
Tuesday. October 25. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.. at j
Trinity Presbyterian Church, corner of '
Twenty-third and Capp streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
MADDEN— In this city. October 23 1904. Jane
Madden, a native of England, aged 50 years.
MEYERS— In this city. October 24. 1904 Lena
Meyers, beloved daughter of Mr*. N. Kun-
dig, a native of Schaffhausen Switzerland,
aged 42 years 4 months and 2 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at '1:30 p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth.
MULLER— In this city. October 24. 1904.
Ocar Emll Muller. beloved husband of the '
late Consulin Victoria Muller of Lausanne. I
Switzerland, a native of Hamburg Ger-
many, aged 79 years 4 months and 14* days.
JCFrien'is and acquaintances .ir<? respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow !
(Wednesday), at 10 a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass- Company 917
Mission street. Interment Odd Fellows' Cem.
etery.
PETERSEN— In this city, October 24 1904
Gustave Alger Peterson, dearly beloved ron
of Antone and Augusta Petersen. and brother
of Alice Petersen, a native of California
aged 9 years and 11 months.
RENWICK— In this city. October 23. 1904
Anna Renwick. beloved wife of the late
James Renwick. and mother' of Mrs R
Roane, Mrs. I. C. Hatch, Miss Kat» Ren-
wick and the late Mrs. W. McNaughton a
native of England.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are resp«ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. October 25. at 2 p. m.. at her late
residence. 2814 Howard street. Interment
Cypress Lawp Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from corner Thirtieth street and San '
Jose avenue at, 2:30 p. m. l
ROWE— In Berkeley, Cal., October 23 1904 I
Catherine, beloved wife of R. M. Rowe and!
mother of Edith Marjorie Rowe, .nnd sister
' of Mrs. Helen Melllnk and John Turner a
native of Bolton. Lancashire. England, aged '
33 years 3 months and 13 days.
ICTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. from tho residence
of her sister. • Mrs. Helen Mellink. Woolsey
street and • Shattuck avenue. Berkeley. • In-
i termentr Mountain View Cemetery.
! SCAFIRE — v In ' this city. October 24 1904,
Leona, beloved daughter of Joseph and Ju-
dltha Scaflre. and sister of Joseph and Ni-
nerl Scaflre. a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 8 months and 8 days.
SINCLAIR— In this city. October 24, 1904, Ed-
ward Gregory Sinclair, youngest and beloved
son of Rudolph J. and Lydla Sinclair, and
brother ef Frank and Alfred Sinclair, and
• grandson of Mrs. LIbrada Prince and Mrs.
Cenobla Sinclair, a native of San Francisco,
i aged 4 months and .10 days.
I STONE— In this city. October 24 1004, Ap-
I . ' pleton Walker, beloved husband of Sarah
j - Cattle Stone, father of Mrs. Daniel Edward
I Eastbrook. and brother of Marcus F. Stone
I of Connecticut and Colonel W. W. Stone of
I • Yreka. Cal..; a native of Massachusetts, aged
.77 years 8 months and 21 days.
E7"Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 p. m., at the funeral
parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2C6C ! Mt'slon '
street. -Mission, Masonic Temple, between '
Twenty-second and Twenty-third streets.
Interment private.
SULLIVAN— In this city. October 23. 1904.
v - Michael Sullivan, dearly beloved son of
Cornelius . and Lizzie Murphy. . an( j brother
of James and Eugene Sullivan, and step-
brother of Gerald and Mary A. Murphy a
native • of i San Francisco, aged 9 years C
months and 1 day.
EjTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltftd i to ntttnd the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at ¦ 10:30 a. m., from the re»l-
• -dence of the parents, ' 229 Texas', street
I thence to St. Teresa's Church for services
. at 11 a. m. Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery.
TURTON— In Fresno, Octbber 24, Harry Tur-
y ton, beloved • son of Annie H. and the late
! Henry Turton i of Lahalna. Island * of Maul.
j Territory of Hawaii, and brother of the late
" Frank N. Turton. . ::;—••
VANTREIGHT— In Alameda, Cal.. October 24.
"1904. Robert F. Vantreljrht. beloved son of
Frank and Kate -Vantrelght, : a native of San
- Francisco, aged 1. year, and- 8 months. -•¦-•¦
WATSON— In . this city. . October 21.; 19fl4,
' Charles ; Hunter, beloved ¦ husband ' of - Stella
, E. Watson; and father of Eunice F. /Watson
• a ' native ¦ of Lincoln, : 111.,-, aged 33 years 10
. months and 23 days. - (Lincoln, 111.," and Pu-
: . eblo. Colo., papers please , copy.) :. ;>-• ? ."
'--- ICTFriends. - acquaintances and neighbors
of Golden West' Camp No. 748, .Woodmen of
the World," r are ¦ respectfully Invited to at- ¦
-M tend : the : funeral services to-morrow, (Wed-
. nesday). ' at . 1 :30 p.- ; m.. ' at \ the ¦ chapel i of
¦V s Charles ¦ H. J. Truman &' Co.; ' 1900 Mission
street," between Fifteenth and , Sixteenth. '
Neighbors of Golden West Camp No. 749,
Woodmen of the World, are requested to at-
. tend the funeral of our late neighbor. Charles
H. Wauon. Wednesday. October 26. 1904. at
the chapel of Charle»H. J. Truman & Co..
1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth, at 1 p. m.
• F. C. RUSSELL. Con. Com.
JAS. ELLISON. Clerk.
WILLIS — In this city. October 24. 1904. Jere-
miah Willis, a native of Ireland, aged 78
years.
WIMBLEY— In this city. October 22. 1904.
John W., beloved husband of Catherine
Wimbley. and beloved father of John W.
and Annie Wimbley, a native of Denton.
Ttx.. aged 27 years 5 months and 4 days.
A member of Electrical Workers' Union.
Local No. 151, and Court Richmond No.
80. Foresters of America. (Denton. Tex.,
papers .please copy.) • .
C?"Fricnd» end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ntttt.d the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from his late
residence. -Vi'/j Tehama street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WINTHROP— In this city, October 23. 1904.
Edward Henry Winthrop. a native of Brook,
lyn. N. Y.. aged 46 years.
C7 Interment private. Remains at the
parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7B7 Mis-
sion street, between Third and Fourth.
WULBERN— In Berkeley, Cal.. October 24,
1904, Christopher Wulbern, beloved husband
of Sophia Wulbern, and father of Dledrich
Wulbern. a native of Bremervoerde. Ger-
many, aged 77 years 3 months and 10 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1613 Fifth street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
YOUNGER— In Lo« Gatoe, Cal.. October 22.
1004, Alfred E. Younger, beloved brother of
Emma, May, Louis and William Younger
and Mrs. E. S. Thompson, aged 42 years. •
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from Lei ten ft Hen-
dereon's undertaking porlors. corner Eighth
street and Broadway, Oakland.The week opened ' dull^ • with no further cuts
reported;: Hams.- Bacon "i and ¦ Lard - are i now
selling. below the Chicago level, hence the
situation is very unsatisfactory to sellers. .
CURED MEATS — Bacon;, llo - pe r lb jfor
heavy. . lie for light medium, r 13% C for light,
14®14%o for extra ' light t and ; 15c for sugar
cured;-. dry - Salt .'Sides,- 10c;. . Bellies. lie;
Eastern .-sugar-cured .Hams,: 13o;- > Califor
nla Hamsrl2%c; MeBs Beef. $10@10 60 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10 50911; Family, $12312 50:
prime Mess Pork. $14 60; extra clear.. $23;
Mesa, $17 60; Dry Salted Pork,- 10%c; pi g pork
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 1 4c per lb. '
- LARD — Tierces., quoted '= at 6%c per .lb for
California compound, u7c for Eastern compound
and 9«9%c for, pure; half-barrels,ipure, 9Vi©
8%c; 10- lb tins. 1 10%c; 5-lb ; tins. -10%c; a-ib
tins, 10%c. ¦-""•"¦ ¦ 'j-- ¦-...- ¦•¦¦¦¦¦¦.'¦¦:-¦¦¦¦-.. . i ..j
• -; COTTOLENE— One -¦ half barrel, 89»c ; 'three'
half barrels 8%e; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces
8%c; five tierces, 8%c\per lb. • ¦ - • -.. ¦'.'¦¦
", \ Hides, -Tallow, Wool ) and , Hops. . \
• : HIDES : AND ' SKINS— Culls \ and brands sell
about . %@lc 1 under quotations. - Heavy salted
Steers, • l»%c; - medium. ¦ 9%c; r light. 9c; Cow
, Hides 9c for heavy . and 9c " for Ught ; ; Stags.
7c; ? Salted Klp.'j 10c; [ Salted Weal, > lie; Salted
Calf. ll%e; dixHldes, 16%®17c; dry Klp.13©
14o; dry . Calf,' 19c ; Sheepskins, shearlings 1 250
~A0a '-'each: :»hort Wool.- 4O@65c . each; medium.
'75©9Oc; ;'¦ Wool."; > $1©1 60; . Horse * Hides,
salt. $2 75 for. large and $2@2 60 for medium!
$1 6O®2 for small and 60o t, for I Colts ; I Hbrss
'HlaesT>dry.$l-75 forJargs-and^l 50 for me-:
1 dium, $1 M 'or.' small ? and - ; 50o . - for 1 . Colts. '
¦ Buck ¦ Bklns-rDry f Mexican*- 30c ; » dry ; . salted
[Mexican. 25c; dry Central American.: 80c; Goat
Bkins— Prime 'Angoras,^ 76c; -extra large do
tl 28 1'larte.^ 60c;, medium,' 35c; small,- 20c. ;.
¦ ¦ WOOL— Fall i clip— San • Joaquin and . South
ern 'v 9®He; 1 Southern^ 8®0c; Southern Moun
; uln, * 9®llc ; Middle i Counties;^, free;. I2@14c • ;
do."- defective,'. 10©12c ; ' Northern s free,> 12@14 C •
I do - defective, 10@12c; } Humboldt and - Mendo '
cino 14®16c ¦ per * lb.'^ - "jff : :<.-¦•*:•.¦- V
i " HOPS--;1904 crop; 26®31o per lb. - -' • k
• '. ' ,Y*M«tt'". Market/ '¦- ..; '
Choice ..Beef 'continues '.firm and « in light
. supply, *j while ithere $ is i plenty i of : thin ; - stock'
1 offering. Several : can of 1 dressed . Beef, 1 * Mutton :
and ' Lamb \ havs '¦ recently e arrived -. from Port - •
land. Or. ; - and ! this | movement tends I to weaken
the market. : There is. nothing new. In Hogs.,
fc --''EC r^3DRKS3EDi! MEATS.' --' ,.'.:. ¦'¦'
f.J.Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
*re:a»;rollowii;^. ; -- V' v .. -^ .; , ; . : ; .-.'¦.- , .- :.:¦':; ,
( Provisions.
B L Wat 6s. — 114%l S P C R 4s. 93 102%
Cal NW 5S..112 — | 8 P Co 4%s.l01%103
M C Wat 5s. 100 — I Sun Tel 6s.. 113 — »'l
KIs I WksSs — 105 I Do 5s 109 — '
SF Drdk 5s.ll2 — | Suttr-at R5s.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 27. lLonft SF Bk. — 80
Amer Bis Co — 90 | Mat Nav Co. 60 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat Bk.193 —
Cal GAECor. 48 60 | N S R R Co. 9% —
C Jockey Cl. — 1U%IN, Cal P Co. 9% 10
Cal Powder. 130 145 fOak Bk Sav.120 —
I Cai Ship Co. — J 21 Oak T Con.. 75 ' —
Cal T I & T — 153 I IOOF HaU A «% —
Cen Bk, Oak — 73 Orpheiftn Co. — - 15%
Chutes Co .. 6% 6 | PscC Css Co.125 —
City ft C Bk — 120 | Pac Sur Co. 105. —
; Cyp L Imp.. — «%IParaf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 8 F Drydock. — «8
DptPwd pfd 85 — SFftSJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com .. M — S J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk; Oak. 120 — SO ft MTgbt.123 —
Fischer Thtr 30c — .Swiss- A BK..11.1 -^**
Frnch-A Bk.107 115 (Truck Elect.. 11 ' — '
GasCotiA.. 18% 19«ilUIl InC pfd. 61 U 63
Hono P Co-. r — 2fl% Do com ..-. 12% —
Do pool . . — , 27 I •
SALES. k
— ~- >^ Morning Session.
Board—
50 United R R Inv Co pfd 61 69
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 85 12%
Street —
$2,000 Standard Electric 5 per cent.. SO 5f>
$25,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent." 8» 13%
Afternoon Session.
Street—
350 Fischer- Rebmann Theater Co.. 40
California Stock and Ol] Exchange.
-On Stocks — .. Bid. Asked.
Apollo .". 40 .43
Associated Trust Cert 24 25
Aatec ...................... .... • so
Caribou BOO 100
Chicago Crude .;;. 13 ' ....
Ciarewont 77# ....
Four 97 60
Independence 27 ..;.."
Kern River 11 CO 13 M
Monarch of Arizona.*..... _ 20 2(5
Monte Cristo 70
Occidental of W. V».»...... ' 08 ' 60
Oil City Petroleum Bft .-.' 57 ¦
Plttsburg 05. -....•
Senator 70... . M
Sovereign 33 -S3
Sterling .... » 00
Superior .................... 00 ,"»'.'.
Tolttc .....U. ....... 13 ....
Twenty-eight 10 00 MM
West Shore ISO ' MM :
SALES.
Morning Session.
29 Reed Crude 1 ..... ..._....»• X t*
Afternoon Session. • . "/
COO Apollo .. M . M . M 40
200 Twenty-eight Oil t T5
10 Twenty-eight Oil 10 00
1000 Independence XI
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO 8TOCH. EXCHANO3L
Following wers the sales on th» San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board ysatsrday:
Morning Session — Comstocka.
SCO Andes ....... 33 W0 Ophlr ..2 M
300 Challenge ... 1* 400 Sierra Xsr.... >3S
100 Chollar ...... IS 200 Union Con.... IT
400 Con Cal ft V.I 35 300 Ts.\6w Jacks*. 1»
4-.H) Gould ft Cur. 15
. Afternoon Session— Oomstoeks.
600 Alpha ....... 15j luO Ophlr ........|»
300 Andes ....... 22 200 Savage ....... 21
600 Andes -23 3<O Scorpion OS
100 Best ft Belch. 1 101 600 Sierra Ner.... 28
10O Bullion ...... 13! 100 Sierra Nst. . . ; . ST
400 Crown Point. 00 100 Blfcrer Hill.... It
300 Con Cal ft V.I 80! SCO Union Con.... 38
800 Gould ft Cur. 16| ,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. [ ; ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha.. 14 15|Juli*.. 06 07
Alta ......... 04 OetJustle* 03 OT
Andes. 22 23f Kontuck ..... 02 08
B^cher ..... 27- 28!Laay Wash .. 02 08
Best ft Belch.l 03 1 15|M*xican ......1 10 1 15
Bullion 16 19! Occidental ... 74 75
Ciiedonia .... 40 42|Oohlr .2 20 2 2S
Challenges .... IS 19) Overman ..... 14 \i
Cbcllar IS l»!Prtosl 12 14
Confidence ... 85 / ftoi Scorpion ...... 07 09
Con Cal* V.I 25 130] Cavage ....... '28 2»
Con Imperial. 01- 02| Feg- Belcher... 08 10
Cen NT.,.. 13. 03| Sierra Ner.... 28 27
Crown Point.. OH 09 Silver Hill.... SO 52
E. Bierra Nev 03 06 Si. -Louis .... 07 09
Eureka Con.. ' — 55 Syndicate ..*'."* (S»V>5
Exchequer ... 45 -" 60 T'n'on Con.... 3B .17
Gould A Cur. IS 16? Utah .......:. Oft 09
Hais ft Nore. 59 6HY-i:ow Jacket. IS 19
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
. * Morning Session. '
100 Ton of Nev.O 02U . 500 Ton Onto ..... #0
100 Mont Ton ...1 95 ICO Red Top 13
500 Ton N Star... .19
. ' ' Afternoon* Session.
100O MacXamara . 3O|10GO Paymaster ... 03
K<<0 MpcNamara - 3U1000 Jumbo * B4
1000 Rescue ...... IV. " :•
. CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
.:.... Tonopah.
.' U '.,^ BM.Uk.1 ;Bid.Ask.
Tonof Ner. i — l'> CO',r*sxsiie 10 J 12
'SLtt Ton :.'.\ M 2 COfRay ft O'Brien .— -C8
»Tcn Exten V.l 70 ¦ Paynaster ... 02 04.
JlsrNsn^ra . Jff" 31 i Little .Ton .. 20 —
Ti»n M.dway.. • - 'SSjKsperanxa Ol 02
Ten » mont..- 71 — .Gold Anchor.. 20. —
Ton N Star... 18 19iQulncr 11 .» —
West End .. — IS N T Ton .... — 10
Ton Gold Mt. 18 Mr *
.... Goldfleld. - ,
Sandstorm ... .— 17f Goldfleld Mhk. IS 2O
Red Top..... — .151 Jumbo 50 52
'-¦ TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. - :
• '¦ KcUowlng w»re the sales on the San Fran
eisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange ye-.'Vi.tlay:
Morning Session. - ¦.¦--SEKHSSBBh
10© C Eureka. l'32%| t10J» MaeXamar* .. r.O
SOO Goldfleld Mln 54) l.*^^ MacN'amara .. _ 2»
2<X>> Jumbo ...... 5O . 5W« MacNamara .. 31
110O Jumbo 51! 50O Red Top ..... 14
2«iO Jumbo Ex-/. 2>»ir.C0 Ton Belmont.. 71
1500 MacNamara . 23! 7-W Ton Midway.'. 3S
• : ; k - ; ~. Afternoon * Session. ';. J
P000 Eaperanxa-:T."-M| 3f.<> Paymaater ":.. 03
:i00 Jumbo ."..... 511 ia.>0 Ton Midway., ta
2*00 MacNamara'. - 30
CHICAGO, Oct. 24.— Possibility cu war Be
tween Great Britain and Russiai had consid
erable Influence In causing ¦ a strong wheat
market here to-day. Continued active milling
demand ¦ was a . factor of almost equal impor
tance. ' • ¦ .
Shorts were active bidders for : both the De
cember and May. options when trading, began
in the wheat pit. As a result of the urgent
demand, initial quotations showed a material
advance/May being up He to %c at $1 14. to
$1 14%. December was a shade lower to %@
%c higher at $1 15 to $1 15%. This. anxiety
was due to a variety of reasons, in addition
to the continued bullishness of the cash situa
tion and possibly world-wide complications re
sulting from the Russian Baltic fleet incident.
Important features were decreases both in
Northwestern .'receipts and In the world's ship
ments. The fact that foreign grain markets
showed gains had considerable effect on the
market here.- At the start offerings were com
paratively light. In consequence : prices rose
rapidly,* December quickly selling up to $1 10
and May to $1 15%. Realizing sales checked
the. advance and. loaded the market with rough
wheat to cause a temporary loss of the greater
part of ths early improvement. Ths market
soon ' recovered from the setback, * however, - as
a result of active support from a leader of the
bull crowd. A sharp advance . in prices at
Minneapolis also contributed strength to the
situation hers. The Southwest ~ furnished an
addttloca^largs . volume of bullish news, , com
plaints . from ¦ Missouri regarding . damage by
Hessian flies being. quite numerous.'- The high
point- on December for the day .was reached
at $1~16%. May again nold up to ?l 15%.
Some realizing developed later In the; 'session,
bat the market closed strong , with December
at $1 15%. Final quotations ¦ on ; May .were at
$1 14%. ¦ ¦ ¦ • , :.- = .',• ,, ¦-*•,-. ¦ -;> ,-..
j <¦ The strength of - wheat held the corn market
firm.' December closed Mo higher at 48%o. •
• - The oat market was steady In spits of eon
•lderabls selling by cash houses. '-¦; December
closed unchanged at 28%o.
I ; A« firm • undertone pervaded ; the provision
market. January ¦ pork ' closed : unchanged.
Bits and lard were also unohanged.
; The leading futures ranged as follows:' *
:• Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat NO. 2— ' ¦v'.J.'"' " ' "¦ ¦ "- ¦ =
October .....;.. ...... v .'...- 114%
December ...... 1 15% 1 16% 1 14 1 15%
, May ..v. . . .". ... 1 14% 1 16% 1 H 1 15%
July . . ... . ... . . 99% ~ 99% 99% r 99%
Corn No. 3— - . . \ ¦ -. .-. •.
October ........... .... .... .... 62%
December .. ¦¦ 48% 48%' ¦->¦ 48% . 4S%
.May ... ...•;.. . .««. 45%" 45% ..: 45%
Oats No. 2 — ¦¦._- - - -
October ........ : .'..'¦.?- .... '-.:.. : 29%
December ...... 29 29 ' 28% *28%
M s* ¦•^¦c--.,?! H ?iho;so95;;^8i^
Mess Pork, per. bbl —
October'........ ....* .'....', ..... 30 92%
January .:...:. It 60 J2 65 J2 55 V 12 65 ---
May ...........12 57% 12 57% 12 CO ¦ 12 50
: ¦> Lard, per 100 lbs— . r' - -.- ¦¦¦'-¦%- -,\"
October ....7 82% 7 35* .7 32%" 732%
January .....:. 7 SO 7 82% 7 27% 7 27%
May ...V.V.:..: 7 87% T 40 17 S2% 7 85^«
• Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— , ,
October ..'...... .... , v .... '¦. 715 "
January .;..... 6 80 .6 C2% .8 55 6 65
May ........... 6 72% 6 75 6 67%: 6 80
Cash Grain and ; Provisions.
CHICAGO, Oct. 24;— Cash, quotations* were as
follows : ¦ Flour,' ' firm : . No. i5» spring f wheat;
$1 14@1 17; NO. 8. $1 0501 15; No.2 red,'$l 18
©1 18%; No. 2 corn, 63%crNo."2 yellow, 65&io-
No. 2 whit* oats, ai%@C2c; No. 3 white, 29 Vs®
35%c; No. > 2 '. rye,- 7»e; good- feeding barley,^
87%c; fair ' to : choice . malting,' 41Q 1 52c; ; - No." l'
flaxneea, $1 09%; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 15%;
prime timothy; seed, $2 60;' mess pork, por bar
rel. 410 95011;: lard, -per. 100} pounds.- $7 32^0
,7 35;.: short / ribs - sides < (loose), v $7 26@7 37% ;
short clear sides (Boxed), $7 07%@7 62%'; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 25; clover, contract
grade,$12 15.; . > ¦'.:¦;;¦ ; v: :-¦>?;-;.—. -:., ;¦'-;-¦-;
Articles— - . ¦: - ; Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour. '¦• barrels; . . .". . . . ; .'. . . " 16,900 - \ 27,100
Wheat.- bushels r.trrrr: 7:.: ¦'. 71,200 . .--.102.800
Corn, .bUBhsls;...~. ".;...%.;¦ 72,600 .^162.200
CHICAGO BOA11D OF TRADE.
Future Grain and^ Provisions.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L ft P. 3% 3% S F O ft B. 68 87
Mutual EL- 12 Stkn O ft B. — BU
Pac L*Co... 69%"60% U G.ft E Co. — —
; IN8URANCB. f
Flrem's Fnd.310 340 | -
: BANK . STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l26 130 1 JJ P ft "A. .'..ISO —
Anglo-Cal .; 86 •- Mer Trust.... — 235
Bank of Cal.423%4.10 Merch Ex.... 60
Cal Safe Dp. — - 150 . S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — '.' '; — *.J
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 ft L. 2330 — SavftLSo.. — ¦ 10O
Hum S ft L. — Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. —
8 F Sav U. 615 — . .
, STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 199 {Presidio ..... 88 40
Geary ......— 40 !••
POWDER. "
Giant ....:. .62% 63%|Vigortt ..... — 4%
" ''" .--"¦¦: ¦ , sugar. -¦;;.¦.', /.
Hawaiian C. . 66% — Makaweli C. % — 28*1
Honokaa 8 C*14% 15"% Onomea S C. 28%'28%
Hutch 8 P C ' 9% .10% Paauhau 8 C. 14% 15
Kilauea S C. 3 *-•*- , , -v.-; •
- -.? ' ; • MISCELLANEOUS. " • ' »
Alaska PA. J»9%100 (Oceanic SCo. 3' 8%
Cal'F C:A". 99 — ' | Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal* Wine A. 80 80%| pac C' Borx.156 157%
MVft"MtTm. — 105 |Pac S Tel'Co. — 114,
v -' ¦ /. . ' ,: .... -.SALES.--" .'..'." _''-.
¦ . Morning i Session. . ,
BI»^; < - 1 1 1 11 1 1 1 " ~ 'iTiLlliJll iQMjB'IJCiTI ' iBBsjiPiMM
• 25 California Wine -'Association. .* . 80 50
;"70 S F Gas ft Electric.......".,; 57 28
•, 180 S F Gas & Eledtrtc.V... .:..;. 57 00
20 Spring Valley. Water Co.. ....'39 62%
SO Spring .Valley . Water Co. V. .: . ' 3» 50 •
$1,000 Cal Gas A El G M ft C T 5s.. 81 00
- $2,000 Contra- Costa Water ' bonds. :..V 90 00 '
¦¦ -:,'- ?. "Street — ¦••'.-; . ¦ ¦ . , ;<¦¦<-¦¦:
-50 SF Gaa & Electric. .....' 57 50 '
$20,000 Market-st; Ry.v 1st con 6s.... 117 00
¦MBS' Afternoon Session.
' '* a .Board—
55 Alaska r Packers'. Association... 100 00
; 100 Paauhau S P. Co:. ...... - ... 14 75 : "
. 25 Pacific States, Tel ft Tel Co. .-..113 50;
10 ; Spring '.Valley Waur, Co. ...... 3» 37%
$2,000 Cal Gas & El G M &*C T 5s.. 81 00
•$3,000 CallGas ft EIOJm ft C T. 5s .'. • 60 87%
s $1,000 Contra Costa -Water 5 per cent -98 00
$5,000 Hawaiian Comrft Sugar' 5s. :..ioo 00
$2,000 Market-st Ry.lst^con 6s;. v.;. 117 00
i $1,000 8 P of Arizona (1909).:..:.-...;i08 75 "
$14,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s stamped). 110 25 -
v $7,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. 85 12tt'
$20,000 Unlted;R Rof S F 4 per'cent.^83 25
: - ¦¦-';. Street— •--'¦-.. ¦ - -
-?•-60 American; National 'Bank. .....127 50
$3,000 Market- st By 1st con 5S.V7.V.117 W>" :
$10,000 8 ' P, Branch : Ry 6 per cent.". . .185 00
, > MISCELLANEOUS TBOND8!;:' ;
Bid. Ask.lv Bid'Ask."
. Bar. CFC.6S. — 103 SF ft NP.6s.U2 —
EdL A P 6s.l25 .— P A O R 6s.ll4%115
F A C H 6s. — — Powell-fit 6«. —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — Sao EGA R5». 101*: 102
H C&S 5%s.lO5 — SF A SJV5s.llS% *
Do 6s .... 09% — Sierra R 6s. — — •
Hon R T 6s.lO7% — 8 P of A «s
L A Elec 5s. — , 103% (1909) .....109%109U
LARySs.llO 1 — (1910) ..;.. 109% —
L A L Co 6s — — ' S P'of C.di
Do gtd 6s. — — (1905)Sr A.101 101%
Do gtd Ss.lOl 103% (1905)Sr B.100% — -
LAP lem 5s. 102 — . US06) .....104%
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6 — , . (1912) .....113% —
Do lem 5s. — — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll7% —
MVA MtTSs.lOR 111 Do sUmpd.110 —
NRR of C6s.lO« 106% S P B R 6s.l34 136
Do 6s ....118% — 8 V Wat es.104%104%
N P C R Bs.107 —:¦ Do 4s 2dm.l01 —
NCRyfis..— 112 Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
N.CP C 5s. — 99 : Do g mtg4s 9» —
N S R'R !is.l01% — Stkn GAE8s. M —
OG L&H 5s. — 110% U Oft E 6s.lO2% — -
O .W gtd 6s. — 100 UR of SF 4s. 85% 85%
-'• ',•'.'„• WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — • 36 j Port Costa. . . • —
Marin Co. . . '— :,60 j S V Wat Co. SO% '.—
• UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l0fi%106m4s qr cp new. — 132%
4s qr reg... 10694106%! 3s qr coup... — 105%
. J MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. . '
Ala A W 5s. — — - Oak T Co 6s. — 121%
Asso Oil, 5s. 79 — Do 5s 112%
Bay CPC 5s. — .102 -Do con 6s. 102% —
Cal C G 68.102% — Oceanic S 5s. -»- 60
Cal G ¦& E g .Om Cable 6s.l20% —
m A ct 5s. 80% 81 Pae'G Im 4s. — 97
Cal-Bt C 5s. 112% — P E Ry 5s.. — 105«
C C Wat 5s. — 99 - P ft C R 6s.lO4 • —
MONDAY. Oct. 24— 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOX I> EXCHANGE.
> Exchange and Bullion.
I : local.
Sterling- Exchange, sixty days... — . I* 84*4
Sterling ! Exchange, sight — ¦ * |? 7?
Sterling Exchange, cables .....". ••.— ' * Si.
New York Exchange, eight — «"V4
>J*ew York Exchange, telegraphlo. — .. !•_
Silver, per ounce ~, «. "JS'*
Mexican Dollars : 45%,@4«
-" - INTERNAT10JIAL. -*- ¦= *.->¦
New Tork on Parls...'.'. / i.*...'...'r:....;o.iej4
New^Tork on Mexico j .' .-'. ........ .. ... . • •21«V4
Paris on London .'.,..".;.... ....25.10
Berlin on London ".. '.....20.30
.... Wbeat and ; 6ther, Grains.. ,
¦v^^IEAT— Liverpool 'futures were higher and
Paris futures easier. The. ¦ world" s shipments
for the week were as' follows. In quarters:
Russian.. 672.000; Danobtan; 53,000;' Argentine.
84,000; Indian, 123.000; Australian, 72,000.
Chicago was higher. The Record- Herald
said: "Last week saw .- a rapid .approach
toward ¦ a parting of the- legitimate , and .ths
speculative In the Wheat; and Flour markets.
It was brought ' out more clearly 'that there
is a sufficient. \ if not ' a r liberal, supply of
Wheat, for all legitlmsrte -.uses, but that the
speculative supply r is, at present . undeniably
In this market futures were lower, with a fair
business and considerable liquidation In De
cember. The ca*h grain, showed no change. •
-CASH .WHEAT. " ',
California Club. $1 45®1 62%; California
WLlte Australian, $1 B5@l 62ft; Northern
Clwb $1 4501 52H: Northern BlMestem. $1 60
01 <S2\b per ctl. -•••¦¦ .
; ; futures. ;¦'-•«••,>
Session 9 to 11:30 a!; m. -.
Open.. '"• High; ' *Tx>w. . Closs.
December ...?1 48^ $1 46% $1.45% . $1 46 '
May ........ 1 4894 - 1 48% .1 48* 1 48%
• 2*p. ~m.. Session.
Open. ¦ High. - Low. Close.
December ;..$1 45% $1 45% $1 45H $1 45*4
May ........ 1 48 1 48 - 1 ¦47%,;. 1 47%
': BARLEY— Recelnts : were 'free.' the demand
was quiet and prices showed no change wor
thy of note. ¦
CASHBARLET. ' .
Fted. $1@1 11 U: Brewing' and ' Shipping,
$1 12%@1 15; Chevalier. $1 17%®1 22% per
cental.- ~~ -"."""-\.- •%¦•.'¦-¦¦ -•/:¦'
FUTURES. '
• • ; . ' m Beeslon » ; to 11 :30 ( a. m. /- " -
': " Open." "High. . Iiow.' Closs.
December ...$1 08% $1 08% $1 08% $1 08%
May— No sales; $1 08%, bid. .
•2 p.* m. Session, v
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..-.$l-08%-' $1 08% .$1 08% $1 06%
May— No sales; ; $1 08% bid. :
: OATS — There 'was ', nothing new yesterday,
trad s being quiet at previous prices. -.-•¦;.¦- ¦
White, $1 40©l 56H: Surprise. $1 8091 «•;
Red for feed, - $1 32%@1 45 for . No. - 1 and
fl 22% 01 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1.42%@1 50: Black. $1 30ifl 35 for fted and
$1 60©l 65 for; seed.- > ;¦ ••«' * .
CORN— Arrival of > 1800 ctls from the 'West
Prices remained unchanged and the market is
quiet.'*.' •¦ '•*"•»- *''¦¦¦' ~ • *, " ': ¦.j .*¦',-¦
. Western sacked, $1 40®l 4B for Tsllow, $1 43
for Whits and $1 40©l 42% for:Mlxed; Cali
fornia large^Yellow, $1.40®l 45; small round'
3o $1 65©1 62% ; " White. : nominal : Egyptian. '
fl'S-SOl 45 for White and $l 26#l 30 for
Brown. ¦"' ¦•' ¦" ¦¦'•-¦ "'¦ ; ¦';'"• ¦ . . ¦ ¦ . ¦
RYE— $1 87%®1 42% per eU.
BUCKWHBAT— Nominal at about *2 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-^Oalifornia ' Family Extras $4 -6O0
5 10. usual terms; Bakers" Extras,' $4 7095;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $404 00
per bbl;- " ' ¦ — '.'¦ "' ¦¦";¦::.•; ¦¦¦¦-. ¦•¦
,-MILLSTUFFS— Price* In packages ars as
follows : - Grtham Flour, .¦ $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 : < Rye 1 Meal, > $2 75 ; ., Rice Flour, 1
$7; ..Corn Meal" $2 60; extra cream do, $3 60:
ojat ' Meal, $3 75; ; Oat - Groats, ' $4; - Hominy,
$3 6003 85;* Buckwheat. Flour, - Cracked
Wheat.' $3 60; Farina. $3 75; Whole ;¦ Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, $0 75@7 50: In
sacks , $4 25; - Pearl > Barley. $5; , ; : Spilt ' P«u,
boxes. $» .50: Green Peas. $5 50 per' 100^ l»s.
Hajr and FeedstuirjuV.
All descriptions under this head <sVers quiet
yesterday.' * Receipts i of , Hay* were largs. • being
1028 tons.. Including: 61<ears..-. -¦;:/;.•
'- BRAN— $19®20 per ton.- >- ., .lJ\.:.i
¦'¦ f MIDDLINGS— $24027. per toa.^; ¦ ., '. i" T
' 'SHORTS— $19®20. per ton. 1- , •
-FEEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley, $23 50*24 per
ton : I Oilcake ! Meal I at . the \ mill. 1 $31 50®32 50: !
Jobbing. - $33 ; Cocoanut : Cake. $23@24 ; 1 Cocoa
nut . Meal, $24@25; $30 60®81 60;
Cracked ; Corn, - $31032 ; * Mixed * s Feed, s - $22»
22 60; • Horse -Beans. , $30®40 per ton; Broom
Corn- Feed, .80c 'per ctl. =.v_.- .¦'..«,- .,-», ,
> HAT— Wheat. *10®15 00p v whe»t ¦ and r' Oat.
$10914 50; ,' Oat.- $9®13: tiBarley i, aad s Oat. ¦ W
©12: *Volunt*er ,Wild = On.t,i $7©10; * stable IB
©11 ; stock;. $5 60®7; ; Oover, $7*10; AlfilfV
$9^12 per i ton. - ' . - - - ..' . ¦
v 8TBAW-7-46@65c ¦ per 'bals;. : :. . .
•. ":'."'¦'¦ - : " ¦¦' •«:Beana\andf Seeds. " _- ] .." .
Reosipts : of . Beans .wers* 63S1 sacks and con
sisted 1 largely of .damp a and - weather-stained •
goods. '¦¦*> These > damp *. continue ¦ to r keep
• the v market : Inactive T: and ¦- more > or : less : de- "
preaaM.'-^, All " quotations ; remain about ; as* be^
' fore.v-sW«t • Pinks sell • down -as ; low, as $1,- as
'already -mentioned." ¦"•-»;-! •-;-.,:. ,_%'..- .- .
w- BE ANS— Bayos.-; $2 .75©3 ; < Pea, . $3 ; 1033 *».
• Butters. . $2 75@3 ; r small \\Whlte. ¦; $3 ; 16©3 40
iargs ".Whiter $2 ; 40®2 . 05 ; " Pink^- $2 5002 :75 •
Red.; $4 2504 60; JLima.^$41504 30;;RedTKldA
neys,^ $4 , 6004 ,75; ( Blackeyes. -^ $2 «0©2 70 psr 1
ctl ; 5 Horss * Beans. 2^ $1 J 85©2 4O."X ! r . - 'z± r .¦¦* ¦
\ s SEEDS— Brown -Mustard,*^ nominal; ? Tsllow
: Mustards $3 ; 25; s Flax/? $2©2.75;t* Canary.' wt
07c; AUaUa.-»lS%qig%c t iRaps.mH^,4?4
Xew York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 24.— doss: Money oa
call. 1*4©2; offered at 2 per cent.
Iliae loans, easy; sixty Aaj-s, t per cent;
ninety day* and six months, 8% psr cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 405 per cent.
Sterling exchange, strong, with actual busi
!¦•!¦•* in bankers' bills a! S4.8GS94.663O for de
mand and at $4.&3»0@4.S4 for sixty Car bills.
Ported rates, $4 84 *j and $4 87.
OocuaarciSLl bi'.Jn. $4 fcSKS-i b31L.
Bsr rJlvfr, 6«%c - -
Mexican collars. 4«'.ic
Government bonds, steady; railroad bonds,
rrretular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORE. Oct. 24.— The tids of, specula
tive enthusiasm proved Itself sufficiently strong
:n to-day's Etock market to sweep up the usual
Monday morning realizing sales and to wipe
out the sentimental effect of the Anglo-Rus
tian friction growing out of the damage by the
Ku£sian fleet to the North Sea fishing fleet.
This incident, besides ths sentimental effect
ol 'the (ears of resulting hostilities, had a
substantial result in the outpouring hers of
Itstt offerings of stocks for London account.
The weight of the c«Illng was somewhat ag
gravated fcy the inviting level of prices main*
ti.r.c-d A-y ths supporting tactics at the open
lr.g here which offered such a profit on ar
bitrage with the' depressed London pries level
ttat the cable was kept busy with orders to
cell here against purchases in London. It
*¦¦.-..- accepted as a decisive demonstration >*>f
the strength ol the cpeculative position here
and the powerful interests supporting the mar
feet that the Monday morning movement to
take profits could be deferred .until the sus
taining measures against the foreign depres-
Eton could be made effective. It was on the
reaction from ths rally by supporting orders
that the profit-taking sales were most formld
*.!.«; and most urgent, and they proved suffi
ciently heavy to affect the whole market and
to cause rather striking breaches In ths price
level MX different paints. After this movement
the shift of the speculative demand back to
ths Pacifies and the substantial advance of
the gensral level of prices served to confirm
ths speculative confidence in the Inflowing of
the tids of the stocks. That the Anglo- Rus
r u.s. Incident did not break ths demand went
far to reassure speculative sentiment that the
znarket was not yet in that vulnerable posi
tion which inevitably results from ths pro
longed speculation and the resulting Insta
bility leading to a toppling over of values. •
7b* dominant influence in the speculation was
the credlf given to stories of sales as a con
seouence cf the Ontario and Wsstern Incident.
The movement In various low-priced railroad
stocks was plainly based on tbs supposition
that the financial' and railroad powers were
committed to a working out of Interchange
cl control and the absorption of minor rail
roads, even act prices already above the mar
ket, at ths Mac considerations that prompted
the Burlington purchase and the L. and H.
settlement. The ol* transcontinental settls
xaent stories wers revived In ths earns oon-
Bsctlon. Given 10 wlds a field for conjecture
and plausible suggestion aad it Is needless to
traverse In detail ths different movements of
the day growing out of tt. Railroad officials
continue optlmisMo over traffics and reports ot
c&r shortage at various points. Ths penlst
cnt heaviness of the United Elsies Bteel issues
on the eve of the quarterly meeting of ths di
rectors and ths action on the dividend gives
fcidlilonal Interest to the ctormy political
outlook abroad; but was emphasised by ths
largs aalss of stocks her* for London account.
Ths market closed Irregular, but animated and
generally, strong.
Iior.C» were lrregulsj-; total salsa, I8,23S.OOO.
Cnlted States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock List. •
E. F. Huttcn A Co.. 490 California street
Ea& Francisco, members of the New Tork
Etock Exchange, furnish tbs following official
{juotatlocs of that Kxchacge:
tales, j Stocks — HlghlLow. Bid. Xsk.i
....... 1 AAaxus' Express .235 245
79. 40»;AnMUg Copper .. e*H 6**4 fl7H 67%
..,..:.iAm'.Ca& Co.... 7 7\l
..,....] Do prd 47V 46?!
LlOOjAm Car A T Co 27H 26% -ja% 21
200i Do pfd »4H MH 84 S5
*fA& Chlds 108 103
•••¦••• po pfd w> 84
I.&OOjAta Cotton Oil.. 82!s *1% 82£ 23
'•( Do Via 82 65
j-Am £>ist T*l ;... 28 28
.200; Am Or Twine Co 7«4 :u ; ',L
4&0jAm Hide A I*.. C 5« ftu * ft
VX>\ Do p:d 22% 22-4 22 23
SOOiAmertcanlcs .. 6«» 8 SU W
ZIOO; Do pfd 87 85 35 33U
jAm L-.ns««d ..... 14 15 ,
....... I Do pTd 38% 3$
S.200j Am . LotsmoUve. 20 28 2s5 '2*U
2,000 Do p?d .^..... 100 S3U o»ij m^
9»Am Malt 7 SV, 0% 5" 5J?
70&I Do pfd 22% 23>i 22 T»v
bS.MOjLm. £m A Uf Co 72'A 7OU 72U 7"u
-2.SO0; Do irfd •• >15 . lllii JhC lijfc
C7.CO0 Am Eusar ..... 1291$ 136^ uh\. 13S%
20&{Ain Tel £ *felCoji4oH 145** 145 % jf?
..Am Tol* pfd H4^ li5U
BOOiAra V.'oolen ... 18^1 18 18 18*4
.......;- Do pf tf 83 S4C.
600 Anacoij<ia ...... 99 M 98 99 ¦
1,500) Ann Arbor ...•.„. 80 £"ti
do pid j co £r
4T..m0K T A 8 F...V. 87 ttH M%\ HI
,4.600{ Do pfd 102U 101 U 1103 % 102
11.100 Bait --A Ohio.... 35 WU 94*1 95
800J Do ?rd ...... j .."jw* MU
Bay Stats Gas.'.f f ij p.j*
:.»Drook'-rr..Oas..J...;. ..... 226 227
...i'..^.!Bruns D A I.. '. 8 -9-
pjattesick' Co .j V 60 '61'
430|Canada £0 C-^i 66^, 6&H 69
7,600iC&n&dian rac... 135^jl3ii; I34;j 135
EASTERN* MARKETS.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The following brokers of Tonopah -Ner
have Just, bought seats in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board: Kenneth Donnel
lan, E. L. Mims. H. Fletcher, W. J. Lone and
John S. Cook.
¦The Peyton-Chemical Company of San Fran,
ciaco has levied an assessment of $10 per
share, delinquent November 21.'
An assessment of $23T per share was delln-"
quent- yesterday on the capital stock of fie
ship ¦ Emily.' F. ..Whitney Company a Cali
fornia-corporation. ' '
An assessment of $50 per share was delin
quent ' yesterday on the capital stock of the
Palermo Nursery and /Citrus Association of
Butte County.
The United Railroads of San Francisco 4 pe r
cent bonds have been taken from the unlisted
department of;, the Stock and Bond Exchange
and placed : on th#. 'regular. list. •' •-• ¦
* The Great Western Oil Company has levied
an assessment of 7%c per share, delinquent
November 25.
Business was quiet and featureless on the
mtining session. of ths Stock and Bond Ex
change, but was more active In the after
noon, especially in bonds, of which $119,009
were sold. There was another decline in Alas
ka Packers to $100. with sales of only flfty
flvc shares. There was nothing particularly
new In the oil and mining stocks, though some
of the Tonopahs were- higher.
The Gould & Curry Mining Company* has
levied an ''assessment of 10c.
Bonds Active and Alaska Packers
Down to $100.
STOCK 3IAKKET.
Local buying ' In ' fresh fruits was centered
chiefly in Apples, trade being particularly
brisk In the fancy gradps of all varieties. De
spite the active - trading . the market had an
easy tone and choice and common grades wer«
lower. " . Receipts for the . day . were over 6000
boxes and > included large consignments from
Humboldt County and Oregon. The York Im
perials that arrived from - Colorado last week
were In fair request at $1 3501 60 per box.
but ¦ for* the general market $1 25 ' was . an
extreme figure.-- Choice offerings 'of fresh
Quinces were , in demand at- slightly firmer
rates, but old stock continued to drag at easy
prices. ¦¦ The other deciduous fruits' stood about
as previously quoted. Table Grapes were in
free supply and crated stock ruled weak, with
66c the top price for the general run of sup
plies. Offerings of Wine Grapes consisted of
a few odd ¦ lots,' which cleaned up 'quickly at
Irregular prices.!," S.trawJberries . ' a-nd' Raspber-.
ries came to hand 'dnUttpHr.and available sup-*
piles cleaned up 'readily at steady rates. Old
and trashy . offerings of Coos Bay Cranberries
were well . cleaned up and dealers were; en
abled to dispose of lots that had been limited
at* hlgh"^ prices. ¦ CltruH and- Tropical * fruits
were . active at steady prices. >• Two cars of
Valencia Oranges were marketed and the price
was advanced.- '•¦"•• - /
STRAWBEHRIES— $8©11 per chest for
Longworths, 1 $1 50®3 for Malindas and $4@6
for'Cheneys. - • <~ ¦ ¦ — • -
RASPBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.' ' ' ' "
HUCKLEBERRIES — 7@8c per lb
CRANBERRIES— $2@2 75 per box for Coos
Bay and $7 50@8 for ; Cape Cod.
h APPLES— $1@1 25 for fancy, 6B®90c for
choice ' and 30@50c for common " *
PEARS— Winter Nsllls. ' $1@1 25 per box;'
cooking varieties. 35@60c per box.
PLUMS — 50c per box.
PERSIMAIOXS — 50c@$l per box
POMEGRANATES — 40@C0c for» small and
$1®1 75 for ¦ large > boxes. ¦ • ' •¦ . ...
QUINCES^25@50c per box.
FIGS— Nominal. . . :. =
MELONS — Cantaloupes 60®76c* Nutmeg
Melons. , 20@30c per box; Watermelons. $ie*
per do~«n. ; ' ¦, ;..
GRAHES— Table varieties '40@75c for
crates.'. 25@40c for small - boxes and 75cfi$l 5O
for open boxes; Wine Grapes. $15@22 ner ton.
-CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges" J3 50@4™ r
box . for Valenclas; • Lemons, ¦ $2 SO03 for
fancy. $1 75©2 25 for; choica and $r25Ol 50
for standards; Grape Fruit, $2 60©3- Mexi
can ; Limes, $4@4 60 per case; . Bananas $2tS.1
per bunch for Central . American and - 76cOS2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples,. $1 75©2 23 Der
dozen. . ; -"
Dried Fruitli, I{uts,^ Hals ins, Honey.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots^ 7% ©10o ' for
Royals and S@12c for. Moorparks; Nectarines
6%<S7%c for White „ and 6%@7c . for Red';
Peaches. 7%®8%c per lb; Pears, 7@12c :
-Plums, pitted.. 6@6%c for black, 808%o
for red r and 7@8%o ; for . yellow ; Figs, 2- crown .
bricks. 60c; 3-crown. > 65c; 4-crown, '60c;--e
crown. 65c; bulk .white, 2%©3c; black. 3%c
Evaporated Apples 5%@7c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%©1%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for ths large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. ; $2 25@2 60; Dehesa, $r 8582*
London Layers. ; 80c®$l; Loose Muscatels 4-'
crown, 1 4®4%c; 3-crown,- 3%®3%c; 2-crown.
3@3%c; Seedless. 2%@2%c; Floated. 3c; Seed
ed, 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless '4%c: Seed
iees Sultanas. 3%©3%c per lb. . - . "
¦ NUTS — New' Walnuts. No. 1 softshell I2»
12%c; No. 2. 10«10%c: No. 1 hardshell' Vto;
No. 2. 10c: Almonds, 16017c for Nonpsrlels
14«14%o for IX L, 13©14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and lie for - Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 6005-
Chestnuts.' ie@loo-per lb. . , , w '
HONEY— Comb.- 11%®13o for whits and km»
llo for amber; water white, extracted, -S%O
6c: light amber ¦ extracted. 6@5%c; •¦ dark. SQ
4^BEg8WAX— 27Q29C per H>1 .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Boston & Maine.IC.T I Calumet & Hecla.562
Boston Elev ir.2>A| Centennial ....... 2»H
Fitchburg pfd. . . .137 | Copper Range . . . 64%
Mex Central ..... 1S%| Daly -West :......' 1J»%
N Y, N H A H...157 | Dom Coal ....... D5
Pere Marquette. . . 76 Grancy 3%
Union Pacific ..:. 1/06 %1 Isle Royale .-....'. 22
MisceUaneous — | Macs Mining .... B%
Araer Arge Chem. 20^4! Michigan .....;.-.. 8%
Do pfd ........ 82 Mohawk 51»i
Amer Pneu Tube. 5^4 1 Mont Coal & Coke 5
Araer Sugar 138 % I Old Dominion . . . 22 %
Do pfd 135 lOsceola 90-
Amer Tel A Tel. 144^1 Parrot ........... 26?,
Amer Woolen :.. 18 IQuincy .. .' 99
Do pfd 84 I Shannon ......... 614
Dom Iron & S... 14%] Tamarack .....;.. 120
Ed Elect Illura..2K0 | Trinity .......... 11%
Gen Electric 176 "U S Mining ..... 25
Mass Electric 12'4 U S Oil ......:... 11%'
Do pfd 53U Utah ............. 43'
Mass Gas 42>4! Victoria .......... 3%
Un Bhoe Mach... 64 . JWlnona ....... 9%
Do pfd 31HI Wolverins 93
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 88% N Y Central..... 187%
Do for acct.88 7-16 Nor A Western... 75%
Anaconda ....... 5 Do pfd ........ 93
Atchison .I 88% Ont A Western.... 44%
Do pfd ...104«i Pennsylvania ,'OJS
Bait A Ohio 97% Rand Mines ....". 10%
Can Pacific 138% Reading ......... 89%
Ches A Ohio..... 47 Dp 1st pfd.. , . . . 45
Chi Great West.. 24% Do 2d pfd 41
Chi. Mil A St P. 175% So Railway 87
De Beers 18% Do pfd ..'...... 95
Den A Rio a.... 32% So Paclflo ....'...' 63%
Do pfd 86 Union Pacific ....109%
Erie 41 Do pfd 97%
Do 1st pfd..... 76U U S Steel 21%
v Do 2d pfd...... 65 Do pfd-.V 82%
111 Central 140 Wabash .22%
Louiit A Nash.... 140 Do pfd 45
M. K & Texas.:. 32% Bpanlsh'4s ... 87%
Bar silver— Steady 26 13-I6d per ' ounce! «
Money— 1H@1% per cent.
The rats of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for thrss
months' bills 2%«&2% per cent. .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 24.— To-day's stater
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balances, $144,354,653; gold, J77.121.670. .
New. York Cotton Market. -
NEW YORK.' Oct. 24.— Cotton futures
opened steady; 'October, 9.65c; November, of
fered 9.57c; January. ».75c; February.; 9.79c;
March. 9.82c: April. 9.85c; May. ».92c. .
Cotton futures closed barely steady; October.
9.52c; November, 9.62c; December, 9.66c; Jan
uary, 9.75c;. February, 9.78c; March, 9.83c;
April, 9.85o: May, 9.90c. v . ¦¦•...* \- , -
Cotton spot closed quiet; middling .uplands,
9.95c; middling v Gulf, 10.20c; sales, 3258 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. . 24. — FLOUR — Receipts.
24.P0O barrels; exports, 3400 barrels. Market
dull, but drmly held. Winter straights, $5 35
08 65.
WHEAT— Receipts. 100& bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red, $1 22% f. o. b. afloat; No, 1
Northern Duluth. $1 30% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. $107% t. o.i>. afloat. Options
had a dull day on account of the war and bull
ish cash positions, closing firm, %e higher.
May closed $115%. July closed $1 13%. De
cember closed $1 19%. a
HOPS— Firm, j . „
HIDES— Quiet. N
. PETROLEUM— Steady. -
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 90 test. 4%c; molasses sugar, 8%c;
refined, quiet.
COFFEE — The market for ' coffee • futures
closed steady, 15^20 points lower. Sales, 32,
500 bags. October, e.55c; November, 0.60®
«.65c; December, 6.70«6.80c; May, 7.15@7.25c;
July, 7.3507.50c; September, 7.45@7. 55c; spot,
easy; £Io. 7 invoice, 8%c;mlld, firm.
DRIED FRUITS. .
EVAPORATED APPLES— Strong. " Common.
4®4%c; prime. 4%@5c; choice, 5',i@5%c; fancy,
4&7c - - . •
PRUNES — Show improvement. The range
remains at from 2c to 5c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Strong, according to . coast ad
vices, but locally the absence of important de
mand prevents any advance in prices. Choice,
8%c; extra choice. 10%©10%c; fancy, ll©13c.
PEACHES— Firm. Choice, 8%@8%c; extra
choice. 8%&9c; fancy, 9%@10c. '
New York • Metal Market* • r .
NEW YORK,. Oct. 24.— Tin was lower: Lon
don reported spot st £130. 12s M.and futures
at £129 12s 6d. Locally the market •: was
quiet.. 8pot, ¦ $28 50^2S /85. " T .
Copper, firm and higher, epot^cloelng at £()o
lls 3d in London and £60 16a 3d for futures
Locally copper is said to be meeting with a
better demand and ruled firm with lake at
$13 25@13 37%; electrolytic, . $13 12%&13 25
and casting at $13@13 12%.*
Lead was also higher In London, closing -at
£12 7s 6d. Locally quotations have a very
wide range. The metal ' exchange quotes spot
at $4 3.V&4 87%, while some of the larger.deal
ers are still quoting $4 20.
Spelter was reported firm locally at $5 30®
& 35. - London closed at £23 5s.
Iron dosed at 60s 6d in Glasgow and at 43s
10%d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. " - . / •
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. 24.— The visible supply
bt grain Saturday, October 22, as compiled by
ths New York Prodcce Exchange was as fol
lows:. Wheat 24,603,000' bushels, increase
1,236,000; corn 3,440,000 bushels, decrease
759,000; oats 24.435.0UO bushels. Increase 647,
000; rye* 1,651,000,. Increase 133,000; barley,
6.022,000, increase 487,000.
Flour, qr sks...l7.724j Hops, bales ...,. 22S
Wheat, ctls .... 3;93S) V/ool. bales 397
Barley ctls ... .12.5251 Tallow ctls .... 23*
Cats, ctls 450 Lesther. rolls ... 106
Itye; ctls C20 Hides, No 7.W
Btans. «ks ..:.. 6,381 P»lts No'.. 51X>
Corn, ctls 123.' Paper, .reams ... 635
Pctatoes, sks ... 6.7641 W;ne. gals ...... 71.150
Onions, sks 1,070! Biandy, gals 8.000
Bran, sks 1,005! Pugar. ctls 2.820
M'ridllnrs. sks .. 250 l.tm*. , bbls 27.1
Hay. tons 1,023! Ra:»«r.r. bxs., 1.275
Straw, tons ..... ' lOKcuickfc'lver. ftsks. 33
OREGON. «
Wool, bales ...... 37|
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 11.473! F!axsttd. sk*' .'. 2.060
Oats, ctls 2.926! Ont "Croats, sks. 310
* EASTERN.
Corn ctls f.T .... 1.8001
- Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. OCTOBER 24.
Foreign Futures.
: . • ¦ . . . LIVERPOOL,. . ,
Wheat— . " - Dec. March.
Opening.;. 1 • 7 6% 7 7
Closing 7 5 , 7.6ft
Wheat— Oct., Jan.-Apl."
Opening : .23 35 , 24 60
Closing .....*. f. 23 30 . 24 65
Floui" — ' • ' -
Opening ;..S095 8215
Closing. 30 95 82 20
: , • V; St. Liouis Wool , Market. "'
. 8T. LOUIS, Oct. 24.— Wool, steady; medium
grades combing and clothing, ' 20626c; light
fine, 18&20C; heavy fine. 16@17c; tub washed,
22«26c. . , ' •,. '•
! . .. .. ,i - I ¦
Northern Wheat Market*- l
Oregon;
PORTL.AND, Oct. 24. — Wheat for export —
.Walla Walla, 83c; bluestem, S6c; valley, 85c.
For Eastern markets— Walla Walla, 84c;
bluestem, 87c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct.. 24. — WHEAT — Unchanged.
BlueBtem. 80%c; club. 85^c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Oct. 24. — Clearings, 7 SI, 170,697;
balances, $169,002.
TACOMA,- Oct. 24.— Clearings, S539.148;
balances, $30,581.' '
PORTLAND, Oct. 24.— Clearings, $1,066,442;
balances. $115,253. . -
SPOKANE, Oct. .24.— Clearings. $606,630;
balances. $126.507.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
EQGS-i-Ranch. 41@42^c for large white se
lected. ."iOfllOc for good to choice and 3G®38c
for common; cold storage, 27 %®30c; % store,
nominal; Eastern, 25@28o for choice, 23025c
for standards and 21©22c for seconds.
There Was.no change In Cheese. ' ' - #
Ranch Eg g» continued! firm, with some sale!
oven ever the ' top quotation, and fins goods
were cloHeTy7*cleaned up, except in two or
three house*.' ¦ - \ ¦ •
Bectlpts were 60.400 lbs Butter. 017 cases
Ejcgs nnd • 11,100 lbs Cheese. ¦. -¦ -
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 26@28c
for extras and 20(9 25c for flower to medium
grades; dairy. 20@24c; cold storage, 2 tc; store
Butter. 17@20c; v Eastern 1-lb squares, 26c;
Kaxtern cubes, 22®23c; Eastern ladle-packed.
16«fl6c. , ,
CHEESE— ll%@12Ho for chofes mild new
and OiglOc for old; cold storage, " 10H@llc;
Young Americas. ll^@12c; Eastern. 10315c
per lb. . . • ¦ . . '
Another cent was lopped oft .' ths , price of
Butter yesterday.' the market being, overapp
plied and the demand still very slack. - Bales
in the moiling were at 27^®28cfor ths best
creameries, but a«. . the day went on the mar
ket stea<i'I> .• weakened and in the afternoon
offering' wire m&de a» low as 26c. The day
«c:c6ed . very weak, with the- tendency still
downward. " '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SUBfMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall street stocks stlH very active end
Irregular.
Fulr trisdlus en Uie local stock cx-
ClUlHECiS.
Sil\cr a fraction weaker. Exchange
ratcis about the same
Wheat, Barley and the minor grades
*joi materially clianjjcd.
Jlay, aiid Feedstuffs as previously
quotrd. - •
n«»ii iiutrket still .bttrdened wltli re
ceipts or wet lot?-
No further cuts in Provisions -re
ported.
Butter lower, Cheese steady and Esss .
tlrn\.
Drepsed Beef, Glutton and Lemb com- '
ins In from Oregon.
I'otatoes ver>- weak, with a- large ac- j
cumulation of stock.
Poultry dull. Game still coming in
tainted.
Apples coming in heavily. Oranges
r higher. .^________,
Stocks and Cotton.
The New York wires of E. T. Hutton A Co.
yesterday paid:
STOCKS— Ws " bars another broad, activs
siad strong market. The firta* upon English
vessels by ths Rosslen war fleet occasioned a
::rtl6 hesitation and eotss little scattered Eell
:.%E pressure at ths opening. In the . main.
however. ev«ry on* eeeiaed to take the ra
tional vlsw that this was but another unfor
tunate srddent ¦ and that an apclcjy and
ir^le repsxaiion would follow, dectlon day
St still more than two weeks off. It occa
e'-oos no-asxlety. Polltieal nsws has really
;:u:« to do with present valus of stocks. Ws
to not think th&t th« business Improvement or
the advaxi&a In stocks hs,v« yet spent their
f ortss. and, while reactions . with ths present
'arcs volurr.e ¦ot business ars of' course pos>
ilble. ws think they should be taken advan
:t«e of aad stocks kouc&t. The bank state
niect Indicates at least two- thirds of crop
currency movement has been completed.
COTTON — The market was feverish and
somewhat unsettled to-day, but ths undertone
»«l» niuch stronger than had been anticipated
at ths openlnc In view of ths disturbing; tn
clfient ?a the North Sea aad the favorable
•ariy weat&er advices for the greater part of
the oottsn belt, although kllllnj frosts were '
reported s.t Knoxvtlle, Teim., and Atlanta.
Gs. Altho^h it was believed the dainacs from
this would bs very l!*ht. the reports wers r«
vponslble for ths advance In prices in ths
afternoon.- and, while these will havs some
InSueaee. it u doubtful if they will bs suf
ficient to oSsst ths pressure cf the spot in
terests ac-al&at ths market, this pressure hav
!&* for its object the forcing: of a forward
raovemerst and an effort to break ths holdinr
po^cy of ths planters. As there Is practically
bo top crop to be considered, the influence of
frost is correspondingly reduced and continued
wet weather would have a more bullish lnSu
encs. would interters with picking operations
4.:,' result in considerable damage.
Quicksilver Shipments.
The rhlpnietts cf Quicksilver from Saa Fran
cssco by sea in September. 1904. wers as fol
lows:
To— Flasks. Values.
™» •' 1000 $38,000
J^pan xso 50TO
Australia 100 4.000
Mexico C3 "S3-»
Central America............. 65 2,255
TOtaJ* liii |5L557
In Eepteaiber, 1W8, ths szporta wers 2047
flasks, valued at JS4.6OT.. In that month 1763
flasks went to the Orient and 267 were shipped
to Mexico aad Central America.
POULTRY— Live - Turkeys, old. 14©16o per
lb for Gobblers and 16017c for Hens: young
Turkeys. 20®22o per lb; Geese, per pair. 9 1 »0
©fl 75; Goslings, 92®2 25; Ducks. S4 60@5 per
doien for old . and 94 60@6 for young; Hens,
14 50© 5 for small and 95 60@6 for large; young
Roosters. S5 50@6 : old Roosters. $4 5o@6: Fry
ers, 94 50@5; .Broilers. 93@4; Pigeons. 91 *5
per dozen for old and 92@2 25 for Squabs.
Mallard Ducks. 93©5 per dozen:
Canvasback. 91@6; Teal. |2 5O@3; Sprig. 92O
2 60; Widgeon,. |1@1 75; Red Heads. 92®2 60;
email Ducks. - 91 50@l 75; Gray Geese, . 94;
Whits Geese. |1@2; Brant 91 60®2 60; Snipe.
93 for English and 91 60 for common: Doves.
91@1 25; Hare, 91 75©2; Rabbits. 92 «4or Cot.
tontail and 91 60 for Brush.
. . The usual ' Monday dullness prevail ed in ths
market ; f Or domestic . Poultry . and prices for
all 'descriptions were more" or less unsettled.
Two cars of <Western I were marketed and sold
off '. well at good < prices. ,
. Sound ' offerings of Gams met, with ready
sale at -the old quotations. The receipts -stilt
showed the ¦ effects ' of > the- warm , weather ¦ in
the interior, . more than , half of the receipts
being sour' and 'overheated. -¦ -r • •
Poultry and" Game.
TURPENTINE— Slo per gallon In csMt and
75c Jn drums and Iron barrels.
- RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%O
T%c per lb; Whits Lead. 7%97%o. according
to quantity. • -
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fin* Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated; coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(10O-lb bags only). B.90c; Confectioners' A. 6c;.
Magnolia A; 6.60c; Extra C. 6.60c; Golden C.
6.40c: "D," 6.30c; -barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more: 50- lb bags
10c more for all" kinds. Tablets— Half barrels;
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. * E. Crystal Dominos.
9c per Ib. No orders taken for less thas
seventy-fivs sarrels or its equivalent.
OILS— Quotations . are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 53c per gallon for boiled and
61c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers'. AA, cases. |1 10® 1 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 48c for raw; Chins, Nut. cases.
65@80c * per gallon : Cocoa nu t Oil, la barrels.
68c for. Ceylon. and 65c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whals
Oil, 57c; natural Whale Oil 62c: extra winter
rtralned Lard Oil. 76c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neaufpot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. 84c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. Slo. . - it r
COAL OIL^- Water White Coal Oil. ta bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases 19%o: Astral. 19Hc;
Star, 1944c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c: Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, In -bulk.
16c; in cases. 22%c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; la
cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 23c;
in cases, 31 eA^^ttssss&aBBBBfWsMagwASHMk"
BAGS— Grain Bags, $505 25; Saa Quentln.
/ $4 50; Wool Bags 30©32c; Fleee« Twtns, TV4e:
Fruit Bags. 6%©7%c for whit* and 7c for
brown Jute. ::¦-•..-.¦ . . - .~ .
I . COAL— Wellington. S3 per ton; New Wei
llngton. S8; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 00;
Beaver Hill. S5 60: Roslyn. S7; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Richmond. 17 60; Cumberland.' $18 In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. 113;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. 99 per ton: Coke.
$11 50® 13 per ton In bulk and 915 in sacks;
Rocky -Mountain descriptions. 98 B0 per short
ton. ¦-•.-..¦¦. • ; '¦
General Merchandise.
I . :' ¦'¦¦.". . Chlcaso. .. ¦
CHICAGO, Oct 24.— CATTLB— Recelnis. 27.
000, Including- . 6000 Westerns. - 1 Market 1 steady.
Good to prime steers. 75 7584; poor to medium.
$3 5(.M3>4 25; stockers , and : feeders, ¦ $2®4; cows,
$2 50® 4 00; heifers, $2^5; canners, |12502;
bulls, i $1 76(8'4 25;. calves, $3®7; Texas ; fed
steers, $4 50@6 60; Western steers, |3 60^5 30.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 22,000; to-morrow,
18,000. . Market 10c higher. .; Mixed and butch
era, $5@5 55; good to choice heavy, $5 35®5 60;
rough heavy, $4 8 OS 5 15; light. (4 90@5 45; bulk
I of sales, $5(ff5 40. ,»
SHEEP— Receipts, 80,000. > Sheep and lambs,
strong. Good . to choice wethers, |3 76®4 40;
fair to choice mixed, $3@3 60; Western sheep,
$3@3 "5; native ¦ lambs. $3 60@>6 85; Western
lambs, |4@5 65.- ; :.'¦'¦ :_.¦¦ >¦¦ ".
• ?;' Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Oct." 24.— CATTLE—
Receipts,- 17,000,. Including 800 Southerns. Mar
ket 10c higher. Native Bteera, 4@6 CO; South
ern steers, j $2 50&3 75; Southern cows, %X 60®
2 75; native cows and heifers, f 1 6094 60; stock
em and feeders,' $2 25<&4 25; bulls. SI 75@3 25;
calves, $2 50@6; Western steers, $3@4 60; West
ern cows, $1 50@3 60r . : ¦¦-.
' HOGS^-Receipts. 4000. ' ; Market 60 higher.
Bulk i of -.sales. • $5<f 5 SO;L heavy, $5 3Ck<?5 40;
packers. #5 10cS« 30; pigs and light, $4 85®
5 20/ ,, .
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000. Market 5c higher.
Muttons, (3 25@4 ; lambs. - $4 25(g>0 60; ranga
wethens, $3 25@4 15; ewe^ |2 50@3 60.
• Omaha. *".
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct!: 24.— CATTLE— Re-
I celpts; . 8800. < Market steady. -Native steers,
|4 25^6 40; cows and heifers. $2 25@3 50; West
ern steers, $3@4 <3O; Texas steera, $2 75@3 50;
range ¦ cows - and heifers, 92 15^3 30; canners,
91 60@2 10; stockers and. . feeders, $2 2584;
calves, $3<y5 60; bulls and stags, f 1 7B@8 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 4600. : Market 1 6c 'higher.
Heavy, $5 17%@5 23; mixed. $5 2096 22%;
light,- (5 15@5 80; pigs. |4 60®5; bulk of sales.
$5 17Ue«22%. — . ¦__[¦- ;.'-,:.
: SHEEP— Receipts. 16,000. Markst active,
10c • higher. Western ¦ yearlings, $3 70©4 10;
wethers.* 13 6093 85; ewes.' $3'£3 60; .common
and stockers. $2 60(g>3 80; tembs, $4 60®6 80. .
CATTLE, SHEEP AND I HOGS.
1..600C & O 47 45% 46%| 47
C & A... 3S 39^4
••*;••• Do pM .; :..... 80 85 ,
C & E I.. 46% 47
*•¦ l>o pfd 130 145
-•••"• C I & L pfd 80 90
M.OOOC&GW 24% 23 23% 24
1.2O0 Do. pfd B.... 33 32 32>/j S3^i
Dp debs ...*. 86 88',5
4.2(K>C i- N W.. 185 182% 193% 191 \jt
24,«X»C M & St P.... 172H 171 171% 172
¦ 10i)| Do pfd ..........:...... 1S3 184^4
132,O«<» C H I & P (nsw) S3% 81% 33^ 33%
3,feO<) Do pfd 74% 73% 74% 74%
Do 4s 78 78»4
Chicago Term ..;". 7 8
1 '*°2' ¦ °° P^ 17% 18% 18% 17
<>00 Chicago Un Trac 8 7$ 8% 9
SOOC C C & St L.. 85% 85 84% 85
Do pfd .- HO
Cleve Lor'& W .:.. 70 75
"i---! Do pfd: 85 100
25,900jColo Fuel & Iron 42 40% 41% 41%
700| Do pfd. 68 65 68/ 70
l.fcOOjCoIum H C & I.. 14% 13*4 14% 14%
3.600;colorado So 23% 23% 23% 23%
26,500 Do 1st pfd ... 65% 55% 55 55%
1.000 Do 2d pfd .... 30% 30% 30% 30%
?-i22 Conso1 Qa » .-..:217 211% 215 217
1.000 Con Tob pfd 123% 124%
- 600 Corn Products . . 17% 17% 17% 17%
400 Do pfd ...... 77 75% 75 77
6,400 Del & Hudson .. 178% 177% 178% 17f>%
ID L & W, ..... 294 295
2C0D & R G 81 81 30% 81
1.0001 Do pfd 84 84 83% 84
•••••-•fDes M & Ft D... .;... 26% 26%
11,600 Detroit Un Ry... 74% 73% 74 74%
40W Detroit 60 6% 5 4% 4%
S.2C0 Do pfd fl% 9% *• 7%
Diamond Match . ....' 134 140
2.600 DiBtll Secur 83% 33% 33% 33%
Duluth E S & A ..... ...„ 12 12%
- ro *00! Do pfd ...... 19% 18% 18% 19
259,200 Erie 41 38*i 40% 41
2,800 Do 1st pfd .. 74 Vi 73% 73% 74
6.4C0. Do 2d pfd 54% 52% 53% 65
E A T H ,. 58 60
Do pfd 76 80
Gen Chemical 48 55
Do pfd ...; 94- 96
200 On Electric ..177 176% 176 177%
-••••-Great No pfd 185 192.
4,800 Green Cons Cop . 20% 20% 20% 20%
Havana Tob Co .'. 29 29%
Do pfd ...... rs 38 41
800 Hocking Val ... 82% 82% 82 83.
- 200 Do pfd 39 39%
1.800 Illinois Central . 145 144% 144% 144%
1.800 Inter • Paper ......... 18% 18%
800 Do pfd .. 77% 77% 77% 78
800 Inter Power ... 62% 61% 61% 63%
Inter Pump 37 38
Do pfd 74 80^i
100 Iowa Central 28 28%
• Do pfd .V 49 49%
Kanawha 4- Mich.... 86 37 -
KCFtS&Mpfd 80% 80 78 78%
8,000 Kan City Co ... 29% 28% 29 29%
1.000 Do pfd 61 60 50% 61
Keokuk ADM. 18 17% 17% 18
Lacledo Gas pfd 90 100
200 Lake E & West . 85% 34 33 35
..* Do pfd 96 105
400 Long Island .... 69% 69% 69 60
«,800;Lou1s & Nash... 136% 135 135% 136
6,50oi Manhattan 163% 161% 161 162
tManhat Beach.. .1 9% 11
4,100;Metropolltan Sec K6% 85% 85% 85%
16,800|Met Si Ry. 128% 126% 127% 127%
60,700 Mexican Central. 1»% 17% 19% 19%
600 Minn & St L 62 61 61 62
....... Do 1st pfd 96 98
4.000 M. St P & S S M 88 84 88 ' 80%
S00 Do pfd.; 1S7 137 136 137
»,200 Mo. Kan & Tex. 32 31% 31^ 32
6.500 Do pfd 69% 68 39 59%
25,300 Missouri Pacific. 105% 103% 104% 104%
INash. C ftEtL 135^ 137
4,600 National Lead... 25 24 24* 24%
600 Do pfd 97% 96% 96* 97
300 NU RR of Mex. 23% 22% 2* 23%
Do pfd.. ..... 41% 41%
100 National Biscuit. 42 42 48% 49%
Do pfd.... 110% 111
New Jersey Cen 183 185
MTAlr Brake 135 137
4. 70O New York Cen.. 135% 134% 134 134%
700 N Y. C ft St L. 37 36% 36« 37%
:. Do 1st pfd.... .......... 37% 38
Do 24 pM 110 116
New York Dock 69 74
N T, N H & H. ..-. 198 190%
160.200 N Y. Ont A W. 4S 42 45% 45%
4,800 Norfolk & West. 73 % 72 73% 73%
Do pfd ...:. 90 85
600 North American. 05% »5 96 -96U
12.000 Northern Sees... 118% 114% 118 118%
Omaha-. ..... 140 150
.... Do pfd.:.. .; 185 .:..."
..- O S L 4s .-. 98% 99
Pacific Coast 68 70
....... Do 1st pfd.... »5 105
>. Do 2d pfd..... .:i.. ..... 77 78%'
1.600 Pacific Mail 39% 39 39U 39%
83;5OO;Penn R R Cb... 137% 136% 137% 137%
lL^OOIPeople's Gas.... 109% 10S«i 109% 109%
Pere Marquettc. 77 73% 77 78
.P. CCtStt 74 77
, Do pfd '. 101 103%
9.600 Pressed Steel Car 37% 36 357; 3C
600 Do pfd 81% 81% 81 V4 81%
....... Pullman Car Co 225 230
900 Ry Steel Bprings 26 25 25 26
... Do pfd 86% 86%
87,200 Reading .'. | 76% 75% 76% 76%
400» Do 1st pfd 88% 88% 87% 88%
200 Do 2d pfd . 81 81 80% 82
•4.100 Republic S & I.. 12% 12 12*4, 12%
2,200 Do pfd 54% 62% B3% 54
y-900 Rubber Goods... 24 22% 22% 23 >
Do pfd. 84% 85V4
800 Sloss S S & I Co 46% 46 46 46%
..." Do pfd , 93 97
200!St J & O 1 16 15»i 16 17 .
800 Do 1st pfd..':. 63% 63% 51 54 '
Do 2d pfd..... ..".•., 26 28
100 StL & SF 1st pfd 74 74 74 . 75 "
L20CM DO 2d pfd ... C3% 63% 63% 63%
2,O00StL&SW 23 22% 22% 23
3.0001 Do pfd 00% 49 49% 50
82,500 Southern Pacific «3 61% 02% 62%
.. So Pac pfd 116% 115% 116% 110%
96,500 Southern Ry ... 36% 35% 36% "36%
1.700 Do pfd ...... 95% 95 fl5% 95%
Standard Oil ...647 C48
400 Stand R & T. .. 2. 1% 1% 2
8.B00T«nn Coal & Iron 67% 56% 56% 56%
Tex.P L T Co 30 34
7,900 Texas Pacific ... 85% 85 35% 35%
200 Third Ave? 133 133 < 132 133%
.-. Tc4 Ry t T Co.. 27% 28
8OOT0I St L & W .. 32 31% 31% 32
1,300 Do pfd •-.... 60% 60 . 50% "51
800 Twin City R T 103% 103% 103% 103%
Un Bag & Paper 7% 8
Do pfd .- ............65 66
116,000 Union Pacific ... 108% 106% 108% 108%
SOO Do pfd 95 95 94% 95%
United Copper 5 7
400 United Rds S F. 17 - 16% 16 17%
SOO Do pfd 62 61% 61% 62
Do 4s 84% 84%
800 U S Cast I Pipe 13% 13 13% 13%
400 Do pfd 64% 64 63 64
......IU fl I&presi 115 118
15.400 U S Leather 13% 13 13% 13%
1.200 Do pfd .." «2U 91« 91% 92
»0»US Rubber 28% 28% 28% 28%
-Do pfd 82% 84
60.700U 8 Steal Cor . 21«; 20% 21 21%
¦ C7.700 Do pfd ;: 82% 81 81% 81%
1,000 Va-Cmr Chem Co. 89 86% 38% 38%
....:., Do Pfd . 111 112
Z.«00Wabach 23U 21 Ji 22V« 22%
2,800 WLbash pfd ....f44% 43 U 43% 44
Welli-Firro Ex . ..... ...:. 230 245
600 Western Union .. 92 61% 91% 92
2,400 Westlnghous* ,.| 178 171% 172 172*4
2001 Do l«t pfd ... 195 192 192 193%
600WALE 20% 19% 19% .20
SOO Do 1st pfd... 47% 4«ii 46*4 47%
'¦ &O0 Do 2d pfd .... 28% 27% 27% 28%
4.000 Wisoonsin Cen ... 24% 23; 23% 24%
1,700 Do pfd ...... 47 4« 46% 47
1,908,800 total shares sold.
New York Jlonds.
IT 8 r«f Ss r«r..lO4% LAN unified 4S.102J1
• Do coupon..... 104% Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 8s reg .104% Mex Cantral 4s.:. 74 ,
Do coupAi .105% Do 1st Inc.... 22%
Do new 4s res.130% Minn & fit L 4*. 98
Do coupon I31'« M, K & Texas 4a.lO2
Do old 4s reg.lMH Do 2ds ......... 85%
Do coupon. ....106% NR of Mex con 4s 80
Atch gen 4s...;.. 102% N Y C gen 3%s..lOOW"
Do adj 4s 97% N J C gen 6s.... 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. 88% Nor Pacific 4s...M04%
Bait & Ohio 4*.M0S% Do 8s ......... 7S%
Do 3%s 95% Nor £ W con 4s. 107
Central of Oa 6s.ll.V. OSL 4s A partle.102
Do l«t inc: 88 Pa conv 8%b..;.1O3 -'¦
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lM. Readlnir gen 4s... 101%
Chi & Alton '8%S. 81 P L & I M con Bs.115%
C B A Q new 4a. f>8\l 8 L & S F tg 4s. 86
CM fc SP Kn 4s.lO9% Ft Louis STV lsts.lCO
C & NTV.con,7s.l2S% Seaboard A L 4s. 81
C R I & Pao *s. 78. 60 -Pacific 4».<c... 84%
• Do col Bs 87% So Railway 8H....ll8*i
C.C.C & SLrn 48.102% Tex & Pao Utsv.122 ¦
Chi T«rm ,4s.... 81 Tol.'St L-& TV 4s.* 82 '
Cons Tobacco 4». 75 • Union. Pacific" 4*. 105%
Colo A So <«..>; 87*4 Do conv 4s .:.:. 11014
C F A. I con 5s.. 81% tJ 6 Steel 2d fis.. '87U
Den *Rlo O 4s.l01%l Wabash lets .....119
Erl« prior lien 4S.100 I * Do deb B ....... 67«
' Do ren 4s..... 89« hr "* -t- Erie 4«... fli«
F V7'tc D C lsts.Ul -I Wis Central 4s:.. 92%'
HoeklVal 4Hs..-:iO9%j ' '; ;-' ; • ,' ?v
. , New York, Mining. Stocks.,
Adams Con . . .".'. " , 20 Little Chief .. . ! . . OB
Alice "••• 40 Ontario:.......... 8 50
Breece. .--...••¦• J 5 , Ot>hlr :•.«....-..;. 2 15
Bmae Con .....v "¦-}* Phoenix .......... as
Com Tunnel .... 10 Pctosl n
Con Cal A Va...l 60iSavajre^...:. ...... 27
Hom Silver; ;:... 160 Mcrra Nevada.... - 25
Iron Silver ...r. 1 801 Email Hopes ..V.V; 30
l>ad\iHe Cm.:.. 021/TUndard .......7... rjo
. Boston Stocks and . Bonds. , ' :
. Money— , - : I United Fruit .....104%
Call loans ' .1 ..... -2031 U S , Steel..... T.'.": 21- i
Time loans^:.....4©5! '-. Do'pfd :.:^:;. 81%;
Bonds — -*- •• • IWMtinK, Common. M%'
Atchlson 4« ..."..lSlTil- 'Minlne— , ?;-.
'Do MJ 4s:'.. . . . »6%l Adventure \ . .... . . . 8T4<
Mex Ontral 4e^. 70 {Alkiner :..*..'. .^.T..12%>
Railroads — . t-- 1 { Amal. Copper f :.v;;«7«--i
Atfhi»on ...:.... RC*ll AmeriZIno :;..":.. "* 13%'
- •: Do pfd -101%j Atlantic ... *:...-.. 14%
Boston A Al »»n>-. 260 . | Blacb&m : . . .."".... f 32 ji :
'"- VEGETABLES— String .Beans. 2%©3c^per
lb;-Wax. Beans.- 2%®3o per lb; Lima Beans,
4%©6c per lb; Tomatoes, 25@C0c per box; Sum
mer Squash, 60@65c per box: Cabbage. 75c per
ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 25@40e
per Jh>x; Garlic." 4%@4%c per lb; Egg Plant,
30® 40c per box; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green
Okra, 60@75c per box; Green Peppers. 26®40o
per box;* Mushrooms. 12%@17Uc per lb; Mar
rowfat and Hubbard Squash. |10@12 per ton.
' POTATOES — Burbanks . from : the ' river, \ 40<9
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 35 per cjl:
River . Reds. . 75@S5c per ctl ; . Sweet . Potatoes,
76@90c per, ctl.''" , -- "•. \ , -. ¦,:¦ >'.:'¦
ONIONS— SI 35@1 60 per ctl. • ¦ ' ",'*
Receipts of. Potatoes i were heavy over Sun
day and - there r was a large, accumulation ' of
low-grade river Burbanks on* the wharves car-,
tied over from last .week. The market opened
very .' weak t and continued so throughout / the
day.' and most dealers. were expecting a lower
range | of prices.-;. There - were no . f re«h Sweets
received and " choice " old I stock = was - held • at a
slight .; advance, ;• Onions •. arrived .. freely.' but
prices were well '•¦ maintained. . '¦ .•-. " ;~r •¦••.-• '
I Fresh " arrivals -: of * most - kinds of ", vegetables
were | not ) delivered until • late in 'the > day;; but
there : was | enough S carried-over stock' on hand
to fill all wants. Lima Beans,' Summer Squash
and Mushrooms did a little better, while most
other kinds were weak. . v. ¦..-,- ' -.^'-•^
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oats,- bushels.- ..;......... 179,600 . 441.600
Rye,- bushels.-.........;... 6,000 8,000
Barley. /"bushels.-. .....;. .'. . 09,000 76,100
' ' ¦• -V' ' : ' ¦ -~ - -.-¦"¦' -" '¦•-'
. . • Butt^, ;Cheestf .; and Eggs. , '¦ .
I CHICAGO/; Oct. • 24:— On ithe* Produce . Ex
change ' to-day the butter .market '. was steady.
Creameries. 16@21c; dairies, • 13@18c. . Eggs,
steady at mark,' 1G%@18 %c, firsts 18%c, prime
firsts . 20%C,**. extras 23c. .'Cheese,' easy,.10>,i<g>
10%C. " . ,- :¦- -.:-'¦:,• •.-- - '; :V-— :>.». ...--•• >/ ;->
. ELGIN. * 111., Oct. 24-— BUTTER— Advanced
%e on ' the , Board of Trade. selling for 21%e
per pound. - Sales - In ' the ; district ¦ for the ' week
were (SCO. 000 pounds.
¦ ¦ BEEF— 6@7c tor Steers . and 4«5c per lb
for Cow*.*" . ¦ : " ¦ • "
VEAL— Large. 6%©7%c: email, '.7©9c per lb.
, MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes. o©7c per
pound. * ¦¦.'>".,.;; --•;¦ • .-. ¦' ' '.'¦-» ¦ -•
LAMB— «©9e' per lb. "
PORK— Dressed Hoks, 6©8c per lb.
=• 'livestock; market..
The following: quotations . are (or good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, leas 409
48 • per cent shrinkage for Cattle:. _'.....-'.
CATTLE—^Steers. 7%@7%c: Cows and Helf
ers. 5%«6%c; thin Cows 4©5e per lb.
CALVES — *@4%c per lb (gross weight).
-•: SHEEP— Wethers. ¦ 3%e3fte: Ewe*. 3©3«4<>
per In, (gross : weight). n»»uj<M9«BffiHBtfHl
LAMBS— $2 6©@2 78 psr head, . -
HOGS— Live : Hogs 140 to 200 lbs. 4Ho:
20p to 230 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4%e:
over 250 lbs. 4%c ; soft Hogs, not wanted :
Sows,. 20 per cent off; Boars SO p«r cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. ¦ , .. ¦ . - - ¦--¦¦ - • . • - .
Timothy.' 5%c; Hemp, 3%®3?ic per lb: Millet.
2 it, (S3 Vs c ; Broom i Corn Seed, $20® 21 per ton.
DRIED ¦ PEAS— Niles, • $2@2 25; . new • Green
Peas •' (262 25 -per;, ctl. ' i- .
THE; SAN, FRANCISCO ¦, CALL, TUESDAYS OCTOBER 25, 1904:
Continued ©a Page TwelTO.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
..AUCTION SALE,.
Thoroughbred Jersey Cattle
The Enure Prize Winning Terba Buena Her*
of Jerseys be longing' to the
E*tate of the LATE HSNRT PIERCE.
Cons Is tins of
80 Head Registered Bulls, Cows
and Calves.
TTJESDAT EVENING. October 23, 190*.
At tbs Salekyard of
FRED H. CHASE ®» CO.
Livestock Auctioneers. '¦
1732aMARKET ST.. San Francisco.
. Stock, at yards Oct. 22. ,
Send for illustrated catalogue.
Doming action salt
1OO Head John Collins*
MODOC HORSES
Finest lot of sound young work and driving
horses ever brought to San - Francisco; weight
1100- to 1500 rounds. . ..... . .
Also 20 bead of FANCY, STYLISH DRIV--
ING and CARRIAGE HORSES. MATCHED
TEAMS. FAST ROADSTERS.
First Sale of the
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
Every bores will be guaranteed ' to be lust as
represented.
Sals begins U a. ra.. SAT.. Oct. 29. 1904.
220 VALENCIA STREET,
K, STEWART. Auctioneer.
(Formerly 721 Howard st|
AT AUCTION.
ON THURSDAT. OCTOBER 2T.
At* 11 o'clock, at ths
INTERNATIONAL HORSE MARKET,
Corner Twelfth and Harrison sts.'
By order of MR. C. R. SUGGETT of ' Colosa"
' I will sell two carloads of HORSE3, broken
and unbroken, from 4 to 8 years old, from 1000
to 1500. Jest "arrived and must and will be sold.
8. W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
£a £* £%
I WILL SELL AT AUCTION forty head
of all purpose horses, 30 sets of harness, also
a largs stock of camp, express and peddling
wagons at 1140 Foloom St.. Tuesday, Oct. 24,
at 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£f% (s £r* £&
AUCTION SALE of 75 HORSES and MARES.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 20. at 11 a. ra., Att-
CADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. . VCourts Have Two^, Opinions.
3 A doublej opinion , was , handed? down
yesterday,' by the^United'jStates^Circuit
Co*urt of Appeals^in' the r appeal*of John ;
A. ' Schmidt agaihstUhe <.'. United ? States.^
Schmidt was convicted in ; ; the 1 Superior
Court of ..Washington ; of perjury, com-;
! mitted while, obtaining a certificate . of
naturalization. v He v appealedSon ?i the
ground that] the; State ¦ courts : of .Wash
ington:/^ did ¦ not .have .^ Jurisdictions
Judges' GilbertTarid Morrow/ affirmed
the >¦ judgment, hut Judge '•£ Ross;: filed
a dissenting-oplnion and advanced: ar_
guments 1 equally;^ as i logical. % ;;sBut f the ;
majority .frule, arid ;Mr.|Schmidt? will;
have to go .to Jail.'' /?¦' ¦ j '."'V::. vT'^^^^9
Julius Noisat, a fireman, living In a
rooming house at 634% Brbadway.Tgot
a. : warrant from Police ) Judge ., Fritz
yesterday, for the arrest of PeterVCar
ribri,' a I teamster, ; on , a > charge * of f as
sault 1 with a ; deadly weapon. { Noisafs
face was" covered- with bandages." .- He
said that he ; and ' ,wif e } had -some
words with Carrion, who also rooms in
the ;- house.; • At 'j dinner.; Sunday i night
Noisat asked : . Carrion ; if he would I have
some: soup and; Carrion picked yupV a
soup - plate and % struck' Noisat on - the
face with ? it , knocking , him • out 'U Car
rion - also ¦ struck '] Mrs.? Noisat ;' on^ the
face with his : fist. ". r : Noisat ; and his wife
were i taken to , the Harbor, f Emergency
Hospital for.- repairs. '.'Noisat's ,• nose
was broken and his face badly, cut. > <;
Knocked Out With a Soup Plate.
' - The .widow and one daughter, - Mrs.
Daniel E. Easterbrook,'* survive. -The
funeral- will take place * this afternoon
at 2 o'clock from * 2666 - Mission :: street.
Chief i'.Wlttman has detailed- Captain
Anderson, s two ¦ lieutenants, V. two v ser
geants and forty-eight' men - to •* act i as
an escort. The chief has also detailed
Sergeant W. H. > Williams and . Police
men R. Judson, James ..O'Connor,'Wil
liam Henneberry, Hiram Smith and 7W.
T. Hooper to act as pallbearers.
for years he had engaged in thefts and
that he had kleptomania developed to
a high degree.
Stone was promoted to captain of po
lice and the last three = years rot his
service were spent as keeper of the city
prison. It was generally believed? that
he was : assigned to this position of ; ob
scurity, because of jealousy . on .the part
of his superiors whose ' records; he ', was
overshadowing. : He came to San Fran
cisco in 1854 from Massachusetts,: and
was a millwright by trade/ /.' .. . v
The most elegantly appointed hotel and cafe
in San Francisco. Rooms slngla and en suite;
64 private baths; phone in every room. Hotel
Clarendon. 543 I*oet~et., opp. Olympic Club. *
ORDER FRIENDLY INQUIRY
INTO THE TAX OFFICE
Supervisors to Ascertain if Improve
ments Can Be Made in Collec
tion of City's Revenue.
The Supervisors' Finance Commit
tee decided yesterday to hold a friend
ly: investigation this afternoon of the
conduct of the Tax Collector's offl.ee
in order to secure definite information
as to the revenue derived by. the city
from taxes and liyenses. . Tax Collec
tor Smith* will be present to give the
information desired. It being the in
tention of the committee to ascertain
if the licenses s require revision or al
teration. Comparison Is to be made
with the licenses collected in other
cities. . ¦ The investigation will deter
mine the • putting into . effect of any
improvement ' in the collection of,. the
city's revenue that may be deemed
proper. % • - -
Let Edward Knowles & Co. figure on your
catalogue. 2* Second St., near Market. •
California Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 24. — The post
office at Los Xietos, Los Angeles
County, has been discontinued and
will.be superseded by a rural free de
livery. Lloyd W. Hiatt has been ap
pointed postmaster at Lytton, Cal.
. SAILOR SUES FOR WAGES.— Nick Ber*.
a sailor, filed a libel . «ult : yesterday In the.
United States District Court against - the
American - sloop yacht Rover to ¦ recover $109
alleged to be due him aa wages.
Henry L. Jones, a conductor, em
ployed by the United Railroads, se
cured %. warrant from ' Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest ; of
John O. Perry on a charge of grand
larceny. Perry was also a conductor,
but was discharged on Saturday night.
He and Jones. roomed together at 1145
Pacific street. Jones alleges that while
he was asleep on Sunday morning
Perry went through hjs clothes taking
$89 In cash and a gold watch ana
chain. * Perry has not been; seen' since.
Jones Accuses His . Roommate.
Judge Lawlor yesterday sentenced
Thomas P. Fallon to be hanged at San
Quentin on January 6. Fallon was
convicted of murder in the first de
gree for shooting and killing his wife,
Agnes, at 949% Mission street, April 1.
They had been living apart and jeal
ousy was the cause of the murder.
Fallon had been employed as a switch
man by the Southern Pacific Company.
Fallon Sentenced to Be Hanged.
Red Eyes and Eyelids, granulated Eye
lids and other Eye troubles cured by Ma
rine Eye Remedy. Murine doesn't smart.*
Fred Block will not be. able to.ap
pear in Judge Cook's court to-morrow
to be tried, on a felony charge. He
Is at present under the care of the
city physician." Owing to the crowded
condition of the County Jail Block had
to be put in the cell occupied by
Frai^k Woods, alias "St. Louis Frank."
who Is waiting the result of an appeal
to the Supreme Court against the sen
tence of death passed* upon him for
the murder of Policeman Eugene C.
Robinson, January 21, .1902.
- Woods - had fixed up his cell nicely
and resented the intrusion of Block.
Last Friday he Insisted that Block
should scrub the floor of the cell.
While Block was on his., knees Woods
Jumped upon him and. fiercely struck
at his face with .both fists. Block
rolled oh the floor yelling for help and
Woods / kicked him on the face and
body with his feet. Block was In a
badly battered condition when res
cued by the, jail attaches. It will be
some days yet before he can be taken
to court.
Resents the Intrusion of Fred Block,
Who Is Under the .Care of
City Physician.*
MURDERER WOODS FIERCELY
"ATTACKS HIS CELLMATE
George Sheridan, alias Duncan,
alfes DeCourcy. an Eastern pickpocket,
was arrested at Ocean Beach Sunday
night by Policeman Dolan and
locked up at the City Prison,
pending developments. Sheridan was
a "pal" of Thomas Thornton, alias
Wilson, who has three charges of
grand larceny pending against him for
stealing diamond pins from passengers
on street cars. ? Some of the victims
will be asked to call at the prison to
6ee if they can identify Sheridan.
Eastern Crook Arrested.
Gustave A- Peterson, nine years old,
residing with his parents at 673 Kan
sas street, swallowed a piece of chew
ing gum last Monday and died of ap
pendicitis yesterday morning. He ate
some raw mushrooms on Thursday
and afterward complained of burning
pains in the abdomen and it was
thought that he was suffering: from
mushroom poisoning. Dr. Bacigalupi
found on the autopsy yesterday that
death was caused by the chewing
gum-
Chewing Gain Kills a Boy.
Phelps was wealthy,' stood high in the
community and his arrest was the sen
sation of the day. It< developed that
In 1878 a safe was robbed In Los
Angeles of $10,000 and the police gave
up the effort to find a clew. Stone's
fame had spread, and. he was sent for.
The lock on the safe' had been broken.
The detective spent a day in critical
examination of the lock and from the
dents and scratches he demonstrated
that it had first been opened by some
person who held a key and then
broken for purpose of deception. A
man named Phelps was connected, with
the firm and it was he that discovered
the robbery, notified the police and
later urged that Stone be employed. It
was Phelps that the detective accused
of the robbery and a confession fol
lowed in a. few days.
Captain Appleton W. Stone, noted In
the early days as the most clever de
tective *in the West and a member of
San Francisco's police department for
almost thirty years, passed away early
yesterday morning at his home, 2827
Mission street, from a paralytic stroke
that came some time Wednesday night
and held him speechless aad helpless
till his death. He was in his seventy
seventh year. Four years ago he had
his first touch of paralysis. 5
Few men are more beloved than was
Captain Stone. Though he achieved
fame in running criminals'to death and
his career was devoted to relentless
pursuit of hardened and desperate men,
his gentleness and correctness of habits
were pronounced qualities that were as
'strong the day he was retired on a
captain's pension In 1895, as when he
became a patrolman in 1865.
He served as a detective . for many
years and it was In this capacity that
he won distinction. Many a burglar
and thief who had coverea up his
tracks in a baffling manner owed his
term in prison to t the modest Captain
Stone. In those days Wells-Fargo &
Co. were frequently the victims of
stage robberies in the mountain dis
tricts, and it became a common prac
tice in particularly hard cases for them
to ask the city's Chief of Police to al
low them to employ Detective Stone.
In this manner he became intimately
associated with James B. Hume and
John Thacker. Stone was absolutely
without fear and had many arrests of
robbers to his credit. He. rigorously
adhered to a rule of his own that if
there was only one man to take only
one man should go after him, and he
was singularly successful in his single
handed exploits. .
VETERAN DETECTIVE WHO DIED
AT HIS HOME IN THIS CITY
TESTERDAY.
The Finance Committee took no ac
tion 6n the demand of the F. M. Yorke
Company for $3*27 for repairing 'bitu-,
minous pavements during September.
The bill calls for the resurfacing of
48,484 square feet of bitumen at 4 cents
per square foot and 7876 square feet of
bitumen and concrete at 10 cents. :The
prices and computations on all areas
are marked as correct by. Bookkeeper
Leavy and Inspector Boone. The de
mands of the company for August have
been disapproved by the Finance Com
mittee in %, report which was not read
at the board's meeting, but placed on
file.
Ordinances were finally passed auth
orizing the Auditor to appoint thirty
additional temporary clerks and pro-'
viding for the acceptance of Mission
street from Onondaga avenue to the
county line; Jersey street, between
Castro and Diamond; Washington
street, between First avenue and
Cherry street; Chenery street, between
Thirtieth and Randall, and Dorland
street, between Guerrero and Dolores.
The ordinance accepting the offer of
the Southern Pacific Company to dedi
cate for street purposes certain tracts
of land, sixty feet in width, along and,
adjoining the bay shore right of way
of the company, between Twenty
fourth avenue south and Twenty-sev
enth avenue south, was finally passed.
The ordinance prohibiting the distri
bution and circulation of handbills and
advertising matter upon the street or
sidewalk or In any doorway or . en
trance to any building or premises was
re-referred to the Street Committee.
The San Francisco Labor Council and
the San Francisco Typothetae filed pro
tests against . the passage of | the or
dinance, claiming that, it would be un-
American and 'destructive of the liberty
of the press. The committee will meet
next Wednesday at 3 p. m. to consider
the protests. A *
Grades were ordered changed at cer
tain points on Greenwich and Lincoln
streets. y
Street and sidewalk work was or
dered on Hancock street, between San
chez and Church, and -J street, be
tween Fourteenth and Sixteenth ave
nues. - , ... •
;An amended ordinance regulating the
numbering of buildings was passed to
print. The ordinance provides that one
Hundred numbers shall be alloted to
each block and that one number shall
be allowed for each one-fiftieth of the
frontage in each block between two
main streets, except in blocks having
a frontage of less, than 400 feet, where
the allowance shall be on the basis of
one number . to every eight feet of
frontage. /
The amended ordinance imposing a
graduated license on junk dealers of
$6, $3 and $1 per quarter, according to
the business done, was passed to print.
The existing licenses are $8, $6 and $4.'
A demand for $991 50 was drawn in
favor of Phillips & Co. for ballot paper
furnished to the Department of Elec
tions. - ; ', V
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
finally passed the ordinance providing
for the sale of j a portion of - the bond
issue, aggregating $5,600,000, and fixing
Monday, November 21,' 1904, as the date
for the receiving of sealed bids for the
securities.
The Board of Education filed peti
tions signed by 2400 .voters ;in addi
tion to 27,000 previous signers, ask
ing that proposed charter amendments
relative to the conduct of the 'School
Department be put on the official bal
lot.- • ¦ ¦ --.: ' : - : *: «t-V
The Fire Commission also submitted
th£ draft of a" proposed] ordinance
adopted at Its: last meeting providing
that no more than 325 ¦ passes or
badges -be issued annually for admis
sion into the fire lines and making it
a misdemeanor for any person to
falsely, represent himself to be a mem
ber of the Fire Department. *
jj* Bids were receiyed for printing the
municipal reports; from the Commer
cial Publishing Company at 1 $1 67 per
page; Hayden"' Printing ¦-' Company,
$1 55: J. M. Torres, $1 30; Phillips,
Smythe & -Van. Orden,^ $1- 69/ and J.
B. Mclntyre, $1 24%. The prices are
less than . in the former, bids, which
were rejected. -' .' ,.
:' .; The board ordered the return of
protested special taxes to Bartlett Doe
arijl Lippman Sachs, who obtained
judgments against * r the city for the
same. .
- The Fire Commissioners sent a com
munication' to the board asking that
some arrangement be made with the
Bay Shore Water Company to connect
the company's mains with the>Fire
Department's hydrants in the Reis
Tract for. fire protection purposes in
that district. The company; has built
a reservoir of, 500,000 gallons capacity
and offers to set each . hydrant for
$40. The company was granted a
boiler permit by the Supervisors for
¦Uje operation of a pumping plant. •
John Pfenninger submitted a propo
sition for the creation of a new pub
lic park in the Bay View district,
bounded by Thirty-third avenue South,
Railroad avenue, A street and San
Bruno road, at a cost of $250,000. .
The board passed to print an ordi
nance for the appointment
by the Election Commission of a care
taker of the ' election booths and vot
ing'machines at a salary of $125 per
month.' He will be appointed from
the civil service list, but must demon
strate his ability to do both machinist
and carpenter work, or the" appoint
ment will be made outside of the civil
service list. Evidence was presented
to the Finance Committee that a sav
ing would be , effected, as it cost
$2357 37/ to repair election booths in
the last four months.
The West of Castro Street and Point
Lobos Improvement clubs filed pro
tests against the proposed ordinance
limiting: the speed of street cars to
eight mile3 an hour. •
• The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution directing the Au
ditor and Treasurer to pay the June
pensions of retired members of the
Fire 'Department, aggregating $1960,
out of the, surplus fund of 1903-1904;
There was a deficit in the firemen's re
lief fund, notwithstanding that the
Charter -; provides that the Super
visors must annually ,levy a tax
sufficient to pay all demands upon
the firemen's relief fund. The sum of
* 666 82 is available to pay the June
demands, so that $1293 18 will have
to be. taken' from the surplus fund.
The payment [ of j the pensions in the
manner noted was sanctlpned by May
or Schmitz. ¦ ' . -
Further on in his brief Collins de
nounces the Bar Association and char
acterizes It as "pseudo." He attributes
Tobin's position in the matter to the
alleged fact that the latter has fre
quently been defeated by the accused
In fierce forensic battles.
In concluding his answer to the first
charge of moral turpitude in respect to
his deceased wife Collins denounces the
accusation as an attempt to descend
into the grave and summon the dead
to Judgment.
The Supreme Court received the ac
cused's reply but deferred rendering
an opinion until time shall have been
taken to ponder over the biting docu
ment.
There are certainly none bo lusttlting and of
fensive as those who, pretending to be gentle
men, are. lost to all sense of decency and honor
and reeort and have recourse to chaixes that
to all riKht-thJnkihg ' minds can serve only -to
disgrace the accusers. It has been eald tome
¦where that "Out«f,th« depths of Infamy com
«U» foul vaporing to asperse and defame."
And it is certainly. a mean. envy.- which.; hurt
at the talents or prosperity of others, makes
them the eubject of lta censures, and studies
to dim the. Eplendor of whatever outshines It
self: a dlsculeed hatred which sheds, in its
speeches, the hidden venom of the heart; a
shameful levity, which has no command over
luelf or its words; a deliberate barbarity, that
pierces through the sacred sanctity of the
bom* and with foul insults assails . the good
name of a family. It demands a very low or
der of morals and of Intellect to make and
publish puch outrageous and villainous stuff as
that which comprises the charge In the first
oount of the accusation. No one but an arr&nt
coward would be equaf to the Inherently de
renerate meanness of the act.
Attorney ' George D. Collins filed a
scathing answer yesterday to' the pe
tition that he be disbarred from prac
tice by the Supreme Court. In his
brief he makes serious charges against
Joseph Tobin of the Hibernia Bank
and ridicules the San , Francisco Bar
Association. The document urges that
the accusation against Collins be dis
missed. In answer to the charge that
the accused lawyer disowned his wife
and swore falsely as to. the maternity
of his children Collins says:
A meeting of importance will be
held" In this city In the St. Francis
Hotel on November 4, at which an ef
fort will ; be made to devise a plan to
secure for California more milling
wheat than it Is now producing. Some
time ago the California. State Board
of Trade called a meeting at which
practical, flour millers and others tes
tified that there is not enough gluten
in California wheat to -make the sort
of flour that Is needed /or the export
trade. Since then a great deal of dis
cussion has followed. A committee
appointed by the California State
Board of Trade, including N. P. Chip
man. Professor Shaw, Mr. Hogg of the
Sperry Flour Company, Arthur R.
Briggs.and T. C. Friedlander has met
and taken some testimony and the
State has been generally Interested la
the subject. . -
After consultation it has been deter
mined by those who are concerned In
improving the quality of California
wheat to have a meeting of represent
ative millers, bankers from the inte
rior and others. The Merchants' Ex
change sent out invitations yesterday
by Secretary Friedlander.
The views of the leading men from,
the wheat growing and milling sec
tions of the State will be compared
and some line of action may be agreed
on that will solve the wheat problem
that California has to study. At this
time Kansas wheat, which is much
poorer looking than the California
wheat. Is selling in this State for 47%
cents more per cental than the Cali
fornia product. The quantity of wheat
grown in California has decreased so
that it is necessary to make large an
nual Importations of wheat to meet
the demand for milling and other ttses.
Commissioners Ask That
Fire Protection Be Pro
vided in the Reis Tract
Labor Organizations File
Protests Agaiiist Prohib
iting Delivery of Bills
Supreme Court Must Ponder
Over Document Before an
Opinion Can Be Rendered
Millers and Bankers Asked
C to . Investigate Subject
and to Suggest a Remedy
PROPOSED ORDINANCE
FINDS SMALL FAVOR
WANT WATER ;MAINS
JOINED BYHYDRANTS
Randolph ; J. Gangloff , , accused of
Vagrancy;}; confessed £ to Judge f. Mogan
an l irrepressible^ passion ! for ¦ music."; So
enslaved I was ¦ he .'by - the t muse : that ": he
X Three 7 deep-water [ tars were " arrest
ed by i Patrolman ; Joy;f or^ imbibing, the
contents fof a largemilk-can, that' they
picked' up : from , the > doorstep of ; al Pa
cific" 1 ; street * restaurant ¦; early V Sunday
(morning.-, '.The I Lvessel L contained- his
day's i supply, of . lacteal .. fluid,' , the : res
taurateur> declared, ;, but \ the } mariners
asseverated^, that >it % was water; they
found: in *it.'j .As' the; milkman ; who de
llvered;the • can: was ;not ; presentto t 'den
ftridlthelcharacter of his product;; and
as Hherei was = noi material >, evidences, to
belie ¦ the " plea r of ; the " defendants," Judge
Fritx dismissed itheTcase.r" '' " '^
f Thomas " Martin, who"; pleaded : ab
sent-mindedness; was .¦ .convicted ~. of
neglecting • to , turn : over \ to ; John Wil
son \ the * $ 9 ; for ¦ which . he ' pawned \ that
gentleman's watch. : ; He ; forgot he had
theT. money,; but ; in ; some ; remarkable
manner; he remembered ;that , It would
purchase ; whisky. , - Sentence to-day by,
Judge' Fritz. >!; .- . . l~?
'.Herbert Freeman, a colored youth,
was ,¦•¦ nronounce d " a Vsassy ' kid" ' < by
Patrolman .* Isaacs,' .who \ arrested v him
for disorderly conduct last Saturday. on
Powell - ' street," <¦ between vljnlon *z and
Green; £When' the . officer/advised Mas?
terv Freeman .to \ comport I himself - in : a
manner compatible .with! the neighbor
hood's v reputation i for \ orderliness ',-. He
was "sassed".. in ; return. .
v."Tek off dat yah stah," . Master Free
man , was .1 alleged' to '-- have said, . Van*
ah'll • do ye ' quick an' in , hansum* style.",
The -boy's I mother , was , ; ready &. to
swear that a nicer^boy^ never lived,". but
she arrived too late. to 'set in; her char
acter;, testimony," and^the > boy > wiir. be
¦ sentenced 1 to-day ¦ by Judge Mogan/' ; "
• - ¦ * -; ¦ ;•
> ' ,"I 'must* order": your deportation,"
said His 'Honor, ¦ ."and I would advise
you to walk back to San Mateo;, so . as
to,- avoid '.the -sudden [change of atmos
pheric -•¦ condition that a trip on the
train would . mean. \ The " slower- you
walk the less : . abrupt will )^e . the
change."- • ¦ :
Charles Al Rath, vagrant, hoped
that Judge Fritz would not order, his
compulsory * departure '* froni the " city,
as * he .was afraid : - a sudden change of
climate might ; injure his health. ' He
came > here from San Mateo, '. he said,
and found the climatic mutation very
beneficial to him.
Thomas Dolan, accused of cruelty to
his five minor children, J has been
placed by some of his friends in an, in
stitution for the cure of . inebriates.
Since his^ first arrest he was twice re
leased to aid the police in ; finding his
wife and ; on, each occasion he gave
his escort the slip and was drunk when
recaptured. .Secretary White of the
California Society .for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children appeared" before
Judge Mogan yesterday and stated
that Mrs. Dolan had been found living
at the home of an acquaintance 'and
that she did not seem to be responsible
for the neglect to which her, offspring
had .been subjected;,, as she was com
pelled; to - work tov supply., them with
food and ! lodging while her husband
"electioneered" and got drunk." The
complaint against^the woman was "dis
missed and the man will be tried .as
soon as he is able to appear in court.
He was recently appointed a special
policeman, but, the < appointment has
been revoked "on account of his con
duct.
The united strength of six stalwart
policemen was requisite to overpower
James Wallace, arrested for disorderly
conduct at . the laundry . blaze on Eddy
street last Sunday morning, and in the
struggle Patrolman Crowley had . sev
eral fingers: broken by the muscular
prisoner. Wallace will be sentenced
to-day by Judge Fritz. ,Vv j;
Judge Cabaniss sentenced P. Marsi
cano, convicted of renting the prem
ises at • 1129 Dupont street for immoral
purposes, to pay a fine of $500 or serve
125 days in the County Jail. In pro
nouncing sentence his Honor said that
he did not take into consideration mdre
than was necessary the moral phase of
the case, but acted strictly in accord
ance with the spirit of the laws made
for., the regulation of ', the social evil.
¦'Yet," he added, '.'it must be admitted
that any man who allows premises
owned or leased by him to be put to
immoral une degrades himself and
must love money overmuch. No man
could retain his self respect and profit
from ttie uses to ; which the premises
leased by this defendant were put with
his evident knowledge and consent."
£T.--G. : Pilkington, who proudly boast
ed that he has dwelt more, than two
score years in the United States with
out relinquishing his allegiance to the
British . crown"; and constitution, gazed
wl£h' lofty ;- contempt -at his environ
ment yesterday in^Police Judge Mo
gan's .courtroom. X* He was arrested
last Friday evening for hurling oral
abuse at ; the attaches of the Central
police I station, and , when arraigned
Saturday, morning he haughtily in-*
formed the Magistrate that he did not
care a d— — n whether he was sent to
jail or not, because he was tired of this
country and everything and everybody
in it. A .second charge of disturbing
the -, peace . was immediately .filed
against him and he was remanded for
further examination "., till ; yesterday,
when he showed that his spirit had not
been in the least subdued by his forty
eight hours* Incarceration. With folded
arms and head defiantly poised, he sat
aloof' from the other prisoners in the
crowded, cage and watched the court
proceedings as if he was bored. When
his name was called by the bailiff he
languidly' rose and sauntered ; to the
defendants' stand, flicking some dust
specks frqm his shabby-genteel coat
as he faced the Judge. - ,
„ 'What do you think of yourself this
morning?" his Honor Inquired.
."There has been no radical change
in my self-rating since I last saw you."
was the answer. "I was born a, gentle
man and in the old country would be
treated as a gentleman."
VEven if you were to behave yourself
as you did the other day?" . ,
"My dear sir. a gentleman once is a
gentleman "always. I can show two
coats of arms and trace my* ancestry
a thousand years." ,
"My dear sir, 300 coats of arms or a
distinct ' lineage extending to the flood
would not condone the blackguardism
of which you stand accused. In this
country a man is less honored for his
ancestry than for his progeny. For
your own sake it is to be regretted that
you cannot appreciate the grossness of
the Insult you addressed to this bench—
an I Insult which no American gentle
man would utter if he were similarly
placed in a foreign tribunal." 9
"Maybe I did go? a little too far,"
said- Mr. Pilkington. . - : ..
- "You went . a . great deal too . far,"
said the. Judge. "I will sentence you
to-morrow." ./'
Patrolman B. Malone testified that
when Sie arrested Mary Anderson last
Saturday evening at Sixth and Natoma
streets*/ she playfully tapped his head
with one of her shoes, which she had
taken off In order ¦' to perform with
more light-footed grace a pas seul
which she was doing on • the slde
v.alk for the edification of an admiring
crowd largely -made up r* small boys-
So fond was she of dancw.g, the officer
testified, that she had become [ a pest
to residents of the neighborhood, who
did not desire to see a woman of mid
dle-age and buxom contour cut pigeon
wings and other fancy terpsichorean
figures every time they looked out their
doors or windows.' She will be sen
tenced to-day for disturbing the peace.
Louis Gracce, a one-armed Italian,
laughed heartily when his wife tried
to inform Judge Fritz that she had
been cruelly treated by him. He point
ed to the. stump of his amputated arm
and fairly roared with merriment as
he asked the, Court to look at it and
explain to him -how he could beat an
able-bodied woman like the complain
ant with one hand. He ceased to chor
tle, however, when his Honor remand
ed him till to-day in order to find out
if this cruelty to his wife did not con
sist of failure to support her as well
as disciplining her by physical force.
The Gracces live at 800 Montgomery
street and since he lost his arm while
working in a brickyard the man has
not worked at all. ->
'Bailiff Hickey afterward opined that
It was Miss Holden's eloquence rather
than her magnanimous promise of for
giveness that induced Judge Mogan to
dismiss her.
, Miss Fannie Holden, whose wide
brimmed hat was draped with a brown
automobile veil, wondered what Patrol
man Joy could have been thinking of
when he "pinched" her last Saturday
night at Pacific and Kearny streets
and then charged her with vagrancy.
"As 1 interpret the term," said Miss
Holden to. Judge Mogan, "a vagrant
is a person who can prove no honest
means of Maintenance. If my inter
pretation is correct this policeman has
made a most serious blunder, for hun
dreds of witnesses can prove that I
work in a dance hall and earn as much
money as any girl in the business.
As for my character, the fact that I
never walk home alone, but had a
gentleman piano-player as my escort
when' I was arrested, goes to show that
a mistake has been made. < However,
I am not of a revengeful disposition,
and if this 'charge is dismissed I will
let bygones be bygones and abstain
from getting even with this police
man-" * '..--;
could not tear himself away from the
Market- street phonograph parlor in
which he was arrested, but lingered
there all day and ' far into the • night
absorbing . the ; sweet sounds rolled off
various cylinders. The policeman tes
tified that ere ' Mr. GanglofC acquired
the free music habit he had mastered
the art of procuring free lunch and
was rated an Al bum. Sentence to-day
by Judge Mogan.
BOASTS OF TWO COATS OF ARMS AND NOBLE ANCESTRY
TOBIN GETS A GRILLING
GRAIN LACKS GLUTEN
City fathers Honor
ing /of June Demands on
Firemen's Relief Fund
Board Sets November Twen
ty-First as Date for Re
ceiving Sealed Proposals
C6nference of Leading Men
From the Interior to
Be Held at St. Francis
Attorney Whose Disbarment
Is Sought by Local Bar
Association Files Reply
T. G. Pilkington, British Subject,
A^ain Poses in the Police Court
RETAINS HAUGHTY SPIRIT
SUPERVISORS ASK FOR
BIDS ON BOND ISSUE
COLLINS FLAYS
HIS ACCUSERS
WILL DISCUSS
WHEAT PROBLEM
Captain A. W. Stone
Surrenders at Call
of Death Messenger
l^E^SANlraANeiSGO^GALI^r^TUESDAY, '25, 1904}
14
. ; _ ApvEJMnsEaiEyrs. ______
Yesterday we were crowded to , the ; doors, . when
we advertise reduced prices, we make reduced prices/ and the
people know it. •• : • ... .' t; ' :
We are offering these prices because the .three new floors
on our building are not completed, and we : must make 'room
for our holiday stock. Our prices are reduced from one-third
to one-half on sale goods; the most ; liberal of credit is 'extend-
ed 'to' all; and we will hold them for you on any small deposit
for three months, if you so desire. • . . . . v
A Few of the Prices We SpeaK Of :
S1.75 Hanging Hall Rack 75c $ 7S Mahogany Buffet . . . . . ... $5O
$15 Golden Oak Dresser ..$9.S5 $70 Oak Folding Bed ....- $38.5O
$12.50 Chiffonier $8.23 £26 Oak -Folding Bed . . . . 1JV22.50
$60 Empress Dresser ?41.50 $43.50 Oak Sideboard., .r
$25 China Closet, Oak $175 Hall Rack in' Oak>.:..J?125
$40 Mission Sideboard $29.50 $u ( OaV Dinins Table .:...$8.5O
$28.50 Elegant Buffet ••¦' 2O $37^50 Pedestal Dinine -Table . .-'_ r
$10 Roycroft Chair 9*.<o ........;............... $17.85
$11 Morris Chair . ...v.$7.25 $50 OakiDinihgTable;..-.$36.5O
$15 Upholstered Divan $9.75 $215 Birdseye Bedroom Setr:$155 !
$10 Roman Hall £hair. .... .$6.80 $150 Birdseye Bedroom Set. ; $115
$i£».59 Iron and BrassBed. . . .$11 $20 Golden Oak Dresser: . . : -$15
$12 Parlor Arm Chair;. : . . . .$6.65 $67.50 Oak Cheyal Dresser i $52.50
$14 Ladies* Writing ; Desk;. $8.50 $6o Colonial Dressing Table *.:$45
$30 Big Hall Stand ......$18.90 $33.50 Oak Bedroom Set .....$25
House
ofCurtaz
-The best' proof ' t of the
integrity and reliability of
the House of Gurtaz ; is
the^mous -pianos which
they-represent: Suchnhr
struments as the Ghicker-
irig;^V6se aridSterlirig^and
the^ honorable career:- of/
th'ec pldest t house oritrje,
coasf should; decide trie
question of whom to trust
when purchasing a piano.
BqnJoCurta^&Son
. 16 O'FarrelliSt. *
Shect f Music at" Popular Prices.
Ceiitfeiiiei*i
[Cape Cil«jve&
Very Durable C f % *T C
HeaVy Seims >»» I .••
Sl^ 6»tb '10 I fA 1^
109 GRANT AVE.i
Bet. Geary and '' Post ; 6ts. ?
AD VEKTISEMEXTS.
CUTICURA SOAP
The World's Greatest
SkinjSoap.
The World's Sweetest
Toilet Soap. '
Sals Grater Han Us World's Product
0! Otlsr SUn Soaps.
Sold Wherever Civilization Has
. Penetrated. '
-
Millions of the world's best people
use Cuticurs. Soap, assisted by Cutlcura
Ointment, the great skin core, for pre-
serving, purifying and beautifying the
skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts,
scales and dandruff, and the stopping
of falling hair, for softening, whiten-
Ing and soothing red, rough and sore
hands, for. baby rashes, Itchings and
chaflngs, for annoying irritations, or
too free or offensive perspiration, for
ulcerative weaknesses, and many sana-
tlve, antiseptic purposes which readily
suggest themselves to women, espe-
cially mothers, as well as for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath and nursery.
Cutlcura Soap combines delicate
emollient properties derived from Cutl-
cura, the great skin cure, with the
purest of cleansing Ingredients and the
most refreshing of flower odours. No
other medicated soap ever compounded
Is to be compared with it for preserv-
ing, purifying and beautifying the sMn,
scalp, hair and hands. No other foreign
or domestic toilet soap, however
expensive. Is to be compared with It for
all the purposes of the toilet, bath and
nursery. Thus It combines In one soap
at one price the most effective skin and
complexion soap, and the purest and
/sweetest toilet, bath and nursery soap.
>»»a£: P»tt«T Tina *.Ow.C«rft, *£.&*»*
tg- Mad tor " H«w t» Cm Ctwt Kiiwf
1 ,.
1 (Uil V -I U.1C3
Are, not in our line — -facts will do for
us, thanks. Facts about this laundry
are these: We wajh clothes clean.
starch them just as they need it and
do perfect ironing. Worth your while
to. send a sample bundle here.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MARKET STXE22T. '
Telephone Soutb 430. _
IVeakMen aid:Women
SHOUU> USE. DAMJANA BITTERS. THE
Great Maxlcan Remedy; ictves h«*lti and
' «tr*S(Ut to ¦cxual oxxaaa. Depot, 823 Marat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IRISH
1MOSS '
COUGH
BALSAM
PRESCRIBED BY THE BEST
PHYSICIANS FOR .
CcmffhB. ' Colds, Boars«n««>. Bron-
;? tibix& Croup in CHildrea. and
All Throat and Kan* Trouble* :
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
, doctor j «ays "CO KSXrKPTXOH."
85c : 50c AT 4XL DBTJOQIST3
CURES IN A DAY
>. ______^