LOXDOX, Oct. 12.— The Daily
Telegraph's Chefu correspond
ent says that the following
touching message has been re
ceived from the Empress of
Russia In response to a con
gratulatory message from the
garrison of Port Arthur:
"I am deeply impressed by
your noble messace. With all
my heart and sonl I am with
yon this day— yon, the brave
defenders and sufferers at Port
Arthnr. I pray God will give
you strength to continue your
self-sacrlflce In behalf of the
empire, which Is dear to yon
as well as to me."
Port Arthur's Defenders
Praised by the Empress
Pretty Mabel Lawrence
Swallows Carbolic ':
Acid at Her
Lodgings |
and Expires Before
Telling Cause
ol Her Great
Trouble.
Writes Letter to Friend,
but Makes
No Explanation of Wish
to End. Existence
• Beyond Saying
. She Does
Not Care to Live
Longer and
Suffer.
Story of Her Woe Dies With
Girl Who Takes Her Own Life
MISS MABEL M. LAWRENCE. A BEAUTIFUL YOUNG GIRL, WHO FOUND LIFE
TOO FULL OF WOE AND ENDED ALL WITH A POISONOUS DRAUGHT
WHILE IN A DESPONDENT MOOD. J
¦ WALMER CASTLE, Kent, England,
Oct. 11.— A bulletin ' issued' to-night
stated that Lady Curzon's . condition
continued ' unchanged since:*. morning,
but its is understood^ that the patient
had -a rather serious- relapse, .causing
much anxiety. ' .
Lady Curzon Has a Relafcse.
Colonel Averhill Dies Suddenly.
ATLANTA, Ga., • Oct. , 12.— Colonel
James P. Averhill, national junior vice
commander of the G. A.' R., "died sud
denly at his home;here early, this
morning. .
LONDON. • Oct. :i2.~The. 'Times'
Rome correspondent:^ authority, that
he 'regards -as accurate: says:* . "Em
peror William has conceived and is at
tempting to [execute a master stroke of
policy by, bringing . into ,the orbit of
the^Dreibund the Vatican, hitherto : its
most - persistent '.foe, .'thus , bringing
within measurable distance the realiz
ation of the Emperor's lifelongTdream
of ia .revival » of*, the Holy, Romans Em
pire in.fact^if.not'in name/ under ¦Ho- 5
henzollern' leadefshin.? Js . 4 v • \ ,. =
WOULD DRAW THE VATICAN
INTO TRIPLE . ALLIANCE
LITTLE. ROCK. Ark., Oci. 11.— A re
port was received here to-night that in
a train wreck at Wynne, Ark., one of
George J. Gould's legs .was broken. No
details of the wreck have reached here,
but officials of the railroad say the re
port is probably true. Wynne is on
the St.; Louis Inter- Mountain and
Southern Railway, a part of Gould's
Missouri Pacific system. - '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
George J. Is Keported to Be
Seriously Injured in an
Accident at Wyjine, Arjv.
NEW YORK, Oct. ll.-^Jacob Caster
line. 67 years old, employed as a laborer
by the Passalc (N. J.) Water Company,
says he has not slept for twenty years.
Casterline's neighbors bear witness to
his wakefulness. He says that al
though he has . consulted physicians
here and elsewhere, no one has been
able to relieve him.
Casterline goes to bed, but lies awake
thinking. Although somewhat rested
when he arises he is far from feeling
as comfortable as when he could sleep.
Each morning he has violent headache
and feels sick. He dresses as quickly
as possible and goes out into the open
air. When he has inhaled a few
breaths of fresh air the headache and
dull feeling depart and he returns for
his breakfast.
Physicians who have examined Cas
terline are muzzled by Ms case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
For Twenty Years New Jer
sey. Laborer Goes to Bed
Nightly, but Does Not Sleep
GOULD BREAKS
LEG IN WRECK
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Emperor
William's gift to the American people
of a bronze statue of Frederick the
Great will be unveiled by Baroness
Speck Von' Sternberg, the German Em
bassadress,. on the esplanade of the
Army War ¦ College November. 19 in
the presence of the President, the
Cabinet, the Diplomatic Corps, the
Supreme Court, the admiral of the
navy, the chief of staff 1 , of the army
and officers of the army and navy in
Washington. As far as possible offi
cers of the army and navy of German
descent will; come to Washington from
nearby posts and will participate.
The address of the day will be made
by the President. Addresses . will be
made by Secretary of War Taf t and
the German- Embassador.
President to Speak at Ceremonies at
Frederick the Great Monu
ment Next Month.
GERMAN EMBASSADRESS
TO UXVEIL THE STATUE
REVERSES TILE
OF VAN WINKLE
BOZEMAN, Mont., Oct 11.— A unique
will, that of J. N. Tilton, a well-known
merchant of this city, has been ad
mitted to probate. One of the provis
ions of the testament provides that the
income of the estate, which will
amount to several thousand dollars an
nually, shall be devoted exclusively to
the proper celebration of the Fourth of
July, and specifying the purchase of
ample quantities of fireworks, flags and
bunting.
Tilton was. intensely patriotic during
his life and was one of the first of the
merchants to promote anything in the
way of public celebrations. There ap
pears to be no disposition on the part
of Tilton's relatives to combat the odd
request of the deceased.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— L. F. Loree
resigned his $75,000,' a year position as
president of the Rock Island. Company
tc succeed W. H. Newman as presi
dent of the New York Central system,
according to a dispatch from Pitts
burg. In a letter to a friend In Pitts
burg, who formerly worked with Loree
when he was a division engineer on the
Pennsylvania lines, . Loree is reported
to have said he expected to enter the
employ of Vanderbilt as soon as his
health will permit. Newman, accord
ing to the report, is to become chair
man of the New York Central direc
torate.
It is also said that Loree's sudden
resignation from the presidency of the
Rock Island system waa due to an
offer of a better paying position. Sev
eral of the young railroad men who
left the Pennsylvania at Loree's re
quest and who now have resignations
pending on the Rock Island are under
stood to have been advised to refuse
other places «until the contemplated
change takes place.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Special Dispatch to The Call
Katie Shea was on the stand giving
her testimony, when her father took
exception / to the manner in which
Chancellor O'Donnell was conducting
the case. He started in to talk to her
and the chancellor ordered him to
"Shut up." Shea became very angry
and drew out a large gun, leveling it
at the head of the attorney. In an in
stant the chancellor had disappeared
through a nearby door, while the great
crowd, of spectators were struggling to
reach a door, or window. In the strug
gle to get out doors were smashed and
windows broken. Shea was later ar
rested. The gun scene completely
broke. up the court proceedings and the
case was. adjourned until Thursday
evening. ,¦-¦'¦¦¦
BUTTE, Oct. 11.— During a trial in
the Council chamber to-night before
Magistrate Charles McGarry, Jeremiah
Shea drew a gun on Chancellor O'Don
nell and for a time it looked like there
might be a very serious" ending, to a
case in which Owen Heavy was
charged with using indiscreet language
in the presence of the little daughter
of Jeremiah. .
Epectal Dispatch to The Call.'
L. F. Loree to Enter
the Employ of
Vanderlt.
Revolver" in Hands of Angry
Man Causes Lawyers an/1
Spectators to Leave Court
Income ol Estate Is
to Be Used lor
Fireworks.
FEAR OF GUN
ENDS A TRIAL
QUEER WILL
OF A BUTTE
MERCHANT
WILL HEAD
NEW YORK
CENTRAL
The Coroner's office was nojfled and
Deputy McCormack and Deteitjve Ed
Gibson made an investigation' i t jj
understood that the dead girl >os for
merly employed by Lev! Straus* & Co.
and has a stepbrother residing n this
city. She was particularly attrictive.
Nothing has been ascertained '. a her
antecedents .by the police or'.mWue
officials.
The following note v as found ad
dressed to Miss Lefevrt, W ho subse
quently brought it to the morgue:
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal.. Oct 10 JS04
Dear Ella : Hope you will forgive me for An
lag thi« rash »ct. but. Ella, y^ know I have
troubles. Cant bear them any lenger I al
vajb love you an<l hope you wji be a ~r*vi
littl* rirl. May God blew you, When 'y^u
read this note I will be cone to re< y O u .]£"
everything thai belongs to me ini'k»n them
60 sood-by forever. MABEL
Don't worry over me.
XOTE TO FRTEXD.
Dr. Eidenmuller wis summoned and
detecting the odor ol carbolic acid In
a glass and noticing he burns on the
unfortunate girl's monh he adminis
u-red the usual antidne for carbolic
acid poisoning.
Miss Lawrence was adept at her
work and many of the customers com
mented upon her charming manner.
But her fellow employes, particularly
Miss Lefevre, noticed that this gayety
appeared forced. There was a certain
air of reserve about the girl and she
was most melancholy at periods. To
her friend she spoke but little of her
life, but made reference to the suicide
of her father in Seattle some time
previous. She had no male acquaint
ances. When her day's labor was over
she went immediately to her lodgings.
Yesterday morning the young wom
an reported for duty as usual and
went out for luncheon at noon. An
hour and a half elapsed and the girl
djd not return to the store. Miss Le
fevre becoming alarmed telephoned to
the Powell street house. The- landlady
called Miss Lawrence to the telephone
and the latter hung up the receiver
without holding any conversation.
Miss Adams went to the door of the
loom occupied by Miss Lawrence and
was startled on hearing groans within
the chamber. Upon opening the door
vith a passkey she found the girl
lying on the bed ia a semi-conscious
condition.
About four weeks ago Miss Law
rence, who was about 13 years of age,
applied for a room at the house con
ducted by Miss Adams at 1005 Powell
street. She was dressed modestly and
neatly and gave evidence of being a
young woman of education and refine
ment. A room was assigned to her for
•which she paid the customary charge.
Her personal beauty and gracious
manner attracted the attention of Miss
Ella Lefevre, who occupied an ad
joining room. The young ladies be
came very friendly and Miss Lefevre
ascertained that her newly found
friend was without employment. Miss
Lefevre is employed as a clerk at the
curio store conducted by C. C. Lord
at 307 Kearny street. She spoke to
her employer about Miss Lawrence
and got a position for her as sales
lady.
PLEASED CUSTOMERS.
The tragedy occurred at 1005 Powell
street. Life was not yet extinct when
th»» body was found, but the vitality
was not there and death followed soon
after a call had been made for a phy
sician.
In the life of handsome young Ma
p& M. LoTecce, Tr?to- committed stri
cide yesterday by taking carbolic acid,
there murt have been some great sor
row of which the world knew noth
ing — or is it likely to learn. Her body
rests upon a slab at th<s morgue and
the police are baffled in their efforts
to find cause for the girl's desperate
act.
Continued on Page 3, Column 2. -
Prisoner Cuts His Throat.
| NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Fred J. Kef
ferty of Atlantic -City, indictedfor
killing John . Blddle in' a. quarrel ! over
the ? latter's . wife * here . last . May, has
committed: suicide in. Jail' at Mays
Landing; by cutting his throat How'
Keffertyf, procured the. razor*,, with'
which ;he 'killed himself is a ; mystery.
PORTLAND. Oct. 11^— Boatswain
Williams o'f the steamer George W.
Elder was drowned to-day while cross-
Ing the bar at the mouth of the Co
lumbia River. Williams, with several
members of the crew, was working
on a small boat swuns to' the davits,
when a lurch of the vessel threw, him
into the water. The small boat. waa
launched and life preservers thrown
to Williams, but he disappeared be
fore aid could reach him. The small
boat, manned by three men. could not
reach the Elder in the heavy sea, and
was almost swamped. The tugboat
Wallula Tjent to the rescue, and afte*
some difficult maneuvers took Um
rescuers on board. '
Boat-wain Williams Falls Overboard
From Steamship George W. Elder
and Disappears in Heavy Sea.
SAILORMAX IS DROWNED
OX COLUMBIA RIVER BAR
ROME. Oct. 11.— M. Emile Ollivier,
the French -Advocate and politician, in
the course of an interview attributes
most: of the ; ,.; Catholic troubles In
France to the • interference, by the
papacy in 1880 .in the domestic policy
of the republic and ordering the Cath
olfcs, who were mostly of monarchical
tendency, to accept the new regime.
This caused the disorganization of the
Catholics who have not succeeded in
reorganizing. .,- .
¦v.M. Ollivier thinks the. denunciation
of the, 'concordat- impossible, the
French.' Government, he says, having
against it a great mass of the faithful,
especially , women, whom it cannot af
ford to antagonize. - ...
French Advocate Says Religious Con
troversy Is Due to Interference
, by Papacy Years Aro.
OFFERS AX EXPI/AXATIOX
OF .TROUBLES IX FRAXCE
, ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 12. 2:10 a.
m.— Severe fighting north of Yentai, re
sulting in a temporary check of Gen
cral. Kuropatkin's advance guard, of
which the Associated Press correspond
ent at Mukden telegraphed the first
news, is not regarded at the War Of
fice as indicating a general engage
ment. The latest official dispatches
indicating the dlsDOSition of the vari
ous corps show that the whole army
is not-yet in line* of battle- The pres
ent engagement may, tnerefore, be re
garded as the result of a counter at
tack, which an enterprising foe like
the Japanese might be' expected to
make, but without any calculation to
prevent the Russian advance. Gener
al Kuropatkin's present' superiority in
numbers, It is held : here. is. bound,
sooner or later, to compel the Japanese
to fall back upon their strong posi
tion within the. triangle formed at Yen
tai, Liaoyang and Sykwantung. Every
thing points to that district as being
the prospective scene of the decisive
struggle of this year's campaign. Stra
tegic reasons of the most weighty char
acter render It imperative for the Rus
sians as well as for the Japanese to
bestow their chief attention upon the
country east of the railway. The Rus
sians are: compelled to this course be
cause the railroad runs northeastward
and hence lines of communication are
more vulnerable from ¦ the - east: The
j Japanese are Influenced by - a similar
consideration, but the railroad no long-
Marshal Oyama Is Confronted by a
Serious Problem.
3IUST HOLD TRIANGLE.
NEW YORK, Oct 11.— Emmet
Robinson's nose was out of Joint when
a little sister came to his home at
Nyack. He waa two years and seven
months old, the first and only child,
when wee Gladys blessed his parents.
Mr. and Mrs. Nicholas Robinson.
Baby Gladys smiled in her mother's
arms. Emmet felt that he was de
throned as baby ruler of the household
and infantile jealousy tore his heart.
Last Saturday evening Mrs. Robinson
left Emmet in a room with the sleep-
Ing Gladys. He was on the floor play-
Ing with a bronze statuette which, to
amuse him, his mother had taken from
the mantle piece. Five minutes passed
and Mrs. Robinson heard Emmet's
shrill voice calling. "Mamma, hurry,
come look at baby."
She rushed into the room. By the
cradle stood Emmet grasping the
statuette, which was covered with
blood. A glance at the baby's head
told the mother that Gladys was des
perately injured. •
When the doctor arrived Gladys was
dead. Her skull was fractured. The
doctor says that Emmet delivered six
blows with the statuette. •
IOWA CITY. Oct. 11. — "Western
Kansas," said Professor Wilcox of the
department of history of the Univer-'
sity of Iowa in an address to his stu
dents to-day, ,'^js more than half the
time crazy, and this I declare to you
because of its geographical position.
If it were not just where It is it
would in all likelihood be as sane as
any other part of the country.
"History is more often determined
by the geographical position of the
countries in which it iB made than by
the acts of the men high in power in
their Governments. I state with all
earnestness and confidence that the
Alps have -had more to do with shap
ing 7 the political enterprise and com-.
plexion of EuroDe than have the acts
of any rulers or despots, however
great or powerful. So the geographi
cal position of the western half of
Kansas, I say, has had more to do
with shaping the political and. social
complexion of that region than any
other agency whatsoever."
Nyack Youngster. Dethroned
as Baby Ruler of House
hold, Slays Infant Sister
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TWO-TEAR-OLD
KILLS WEE BABE
Iowa Professor Asserts It
Is Made So Because of
Its Geographical Position
SAYS KANSAS
IS PART CRAZY
The weather Is beautiful and the
sound of cannonading: is audible a dis
tance of forty miles.
The fighting on Monday commenced
early in the morning. A bombardment
of five hours* duration forced back the
Japanese lines along almost the entire
front and opened the way for an in
fantry attack.
About noon the Japanese began to
retire. Their flanks and center were
stubbornly defended and the battle in
creased in intensity, concentrating
about the Yentai coal mines, where
firing continued until darkness fell.
As a net result of the day's events
the Russians drove in the Japanese
left, while the right clung to its posi
tion, but maintained itself only with
difllculty.
MUKDEN. Oct. 11 (Delayed). — The
aggressive movement of General Ku
ropatkin's'army is causing the Japan
ese column on the northeast to with
draw, concentrating at the Yentai coal
mines.
Russian scouting parties came into
contact with the Japanese Monday
evening and captured one hundred
head of cattle. The retirement of the
Japanese was so hurried that they
abandoned their field telegraph and
telephone lines.
The Russian soldiers are in the best
of spirits and advance to battle sing
ing.
MUKDEN, Oct. 11, 8 a. m. — (De
layed in transmission.) — The battle
commenced this morning along: the
line of the railroad with a .terrific ar
tillery fire on both sides. The rail
way line almost to Tentai is in posses
sion of the Russians. The station it
self has been damaged nearly beyond
recognition. •
Japanese Forced ' to Retire by Rus
sians' Vigorous Attack.
DETAILS OF BATTLE.
The love letters- were introduced in
evidence. One of these addressed the
plaintiff as "My own dear Blanche."
and in it the writer said. 'Although I
am unworthy of you I want you all to
myself. Oh, how lovely you are. I am
selfish. I want you all to myself and
not even your mother must share you.
No cne was ever more in love than I
am with you." This letter was signed,
"Yours in clerical love, Edgar."
The defense claims that the min
ister's regard for Miss Keck was cleri
cal merely.
NQRRISTOTVN. Oct. 11. — Mis*
Blanche Keek's suit for $10,000 for
breach of promise of marriage against
Rev. E. J. Heilman. which was begun
in the Montgomery court to-day, devel
oped several love letters the defendant
sent the plaintiff before his promise to
marry had been broken. At the begin
ning of the trial the counsel for the
preacher admitted that his client had
become engaged to the plaintiff on
Christmas day, 1900, and that two years
ago to-day "the engagement wa»
broken.
Ardent Epistles of a
Minister Read in
Court.
MUKDEN. Oct. 11.— A bloody battle
is now raging about six miles north
of Yefhtai railroad station. The Japan
ese on Sunday fell back along the whole
front and the Russian advance guards
crossed the Schili River (about half
way between Mukden and Ldaoyang)
and came within three miles of Yentai.
but yesterday the Japanese received
strong reinforcements of infantry and
artillery, and not only held their posi
tions, but even assumed the offensive.
The: fighting lasted all' day. and night.
The Japanese directed their artillery
fire with great skill and searched the
Russian positions so fiercely that the
Russians fell, back north of the Schili
River, which crosses the railroad seven
miles from Yentai. The Russians this
morning resumed . their advance once
more, crossed the Schili River and en
gaged the Japanese two miles south of
It. \A terrific artillery engagement is
proceeding along the entire front. The
result of the battle Is still undecided.
CLERICAL
LOVE WARM
AS LAYMAN'S
Soldiers of the Czar
Force the Brown
Men Back.
Something of that kind is regarded
as necessary in view of the fact that,
by v direction of his Government, the
Chinese Minister; last spring formally
denounced the Chinese exclusion treaty.
That notice will take effect on Decem
ber 7 next and there will be no treaty
relations between the two Governments
on that subject until a new convention
is agreed upon. .
/It. is truejthat , the Presidentshas ¦.'dje
cided to ; enforce the existing
excliuVoj^4aAj/fe*3f{er^ l v?.r abrogation of
the treity.!-btft"there % 'is#ust sufflciont
doubt. In. official minds jjs to'fhe ex-'
tent of the powers that maybe em
ployed legally to effect the exclusion
to make a new treaty desirable.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— To clear up
the apprehension said to exist in some
quarters that the President proposes
to open wider the door to Chinese im
migration into the United States, it
is stated on authority tHat there is no
such intention. The subject was re
ferred to at the Cabinet meeting to
day and it was afterward stated that
the State Department and the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor, the lat
ter charged with the execution of ex
clusion laws and treaties, are working
in perfect harmony and in consultation
with the Chinese Minister in order to
frame a treaty that shall be cast along
the lines of the present treaty, contin
uing the present rigid exclusion of
coolie labor and simply moderating the
conditions under which Chinese mer
chants and scholars may be admitted
to the United States- •
Special Dispatch to The Call
Fierce Artillery
Fire Opens the
Conflict.,
Fact That the Old Agreement Has
Been Denounced Makes a New
Pact Desirable.
The Rialto block and th.e Great
Northern Telegraph office were also
destroyed. The Woodbine Hotel block v
and the Dufferin block "were badly
damaged. Other places which suffered
are the Slater Shoe Company, the
Gundy Music Company, Calder's pho
tograph supplies, Baver's stationery
stock and the Connelly drugs estab
lishment. The electric light and the
power service were cut off owing 'to
the flre and many places were left
in darkness. ¦'- ..¦:' . .
The Bullman block,— where the flre
started;.' was a six-story building just
completed and occupied: by- Bullman
Brothers, I printers - and - lithographers.
TJbe ; nrejstart*'d- arrjong some shavings
in the basement, spread up the 1 ele
vator shaft, and in' ten minutes the
entire interior : of the building was in
flarmes. . From the Bullman building
the flames leaped to the Ashdown
store, which occupies the entire block
on Bannatine street, between Main
and Albert streets. —
The inflammable material in the
stock of the hardware company caused
the flames to burn fiercely and to
spread with great rapidity in a north
erly direction toward the Rialto block.
This building was gutted,' but not en
tirely destroyed.
The loss to the J. H. Ashdown Hard
ware Company will be fully half a mil
lion dollars. The individual losses of
the other sufferers from the flre cannot
be given at present.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba. Oct. XL— Fire
to-nigh£ destroyed three of the finest
business blocks in this city, entailing
a loss of at least $800,000. For a time
the flames threatened to spread to ad
joining buildings, and but for the splen
did work of the flre brigade a much
larger money damage would have re
sulted.
The fire started in the new Bullman
block, which was totally destroyed. The
Ashdown Hardware Company, on Ban
natine street, one of the largest estab
lishments of its kind in Canada, was
next attacked by the flames. Many ex
plosions were caused by powder and
cartridges carried in the stock of the
hardware company, but no one was in
jured.
Ashdown Hardware Company Is the
Greatest Sufferer, Damage to Its
Plant Being Half Million. '
More Liberal Treatment for
Chinese /Merchants
and Scholars.
Three of the City's Finest
•Business Blocks Are'
Destroyed.
Mikado's Troops
Try to Stem
11 U \ tllltl;.
Eip Hundred Thou
sand Dollars
I* no I (\qq
Lliu JLjUoo.
Coolie Labor Will
Be Kept Out by
New Treaty.
RUSSIANS AND JAPANESE
FIERCELY BATTLING FOR
SUPREMACY IN MANCHURIA
WINNIPEG
SWEPT BY
A BIG FIRE
EXCLUSION
BARS WILL
REMAIN UP
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Lord and L»dy Al»y."
CALIFORNIA— "The Tenderfoot."
CENTRAL— "She."
CHUTE8— Vaudeville.
COLUMBIA— 'The Office Boy." .
FISCHER*S— "Down the , Line."
GRAND — "The Burgomaster. "
LYRIC HALL— "Much Ado About
Nothlnr."
MAJESTIC — "A Japanese Nightincale."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville; matinee to
day.
TIVOLI— "I>r Rastclblnder." ?
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 134.
THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San Francisco for
thirty hours ending mtdnlgnt. October
12. 1904:
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair
Wednesday, frwh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Fcreca«ter (temporarily In
charge).The Chinese exclusion question has not been
settled, although many Americans believe it
has been. . * ,
During the recent session of Congress such
change was made In the existing law as to
hold the exclusion statute unimpaired despite
the approaching termination of the Gresham
treaty. That Is all that was done. That It
all that could be done, as matters stood.
The Gresham treaty expires, because of the
aetion of China in denouncing it. on the 7th
of December. As we - have amended the
Platt exclusion act the expiration of the treaty
will not affect that exclusion statute. How
ever, any new treaty between the United
State* and China will affect that statute and
Just now it will affect it will depend on the
precise letter of the treaty.
Whatever the future holds for us in the
matter. of a treaty Calif ornians should see to
it that no one Is commissioned to speak for
our State in either branch of Congress who la
not unequivocally In favor of the rigid ex
clusion of the classes of Chinese now era*
hlblted from entering our country.
Last Day to Register Transfers.
The registration office will be open
to-morrow evening: from ; 7:30. -to 10
o'clock for the purpose of ; recording
transfers .or changes of residence of
any voters who have already regis
tered this year. That will be the last
opportunity for. those 1 who have moved
to insure their right " to . vote at the
Presidential election. ... i > '
Among those present were: Thomas
McCaleb, D. H. Burnham. Edward
BennettA James D. Phelan. Thomas
Magee, John McNausht, H. E. Law;
William Greer Harrison, Allan Pollok.
T. Cary Friedlander, Fremont Older,
Dr. A. A.' D'Ancona, Bruce Potter.
Newton ' J. Tharpr: Willis Polk, John
McLaren and B. J. S. Cahill.
D. H. Burnham. the noted archi
tect, was the ruest of honor at a din
ner givin by James D. Phelan in the
red room of- the Bohemian Club last
night. Mr. Burnham is about to leava
for the Philippines and the dinner was
given as a farewell tribute by Mr.
Phelan. •
The guests were mostly members of
the Association -for the Improvement
and Adornment of San Francisco.
. After the dinner the speeches fol
lowing the repast constituted a sym
posium on the improvement of San
Francisco, In which 'all the company
took Dart.
D. H. Rurnham Is Guest of Honor in
Red Room of the Bohemian
Club. {
LABOR DELEGATES WILL
BE WELL ENTERTAINED
NOTED ARCHITECT DINED
BY HON. JAMES D. PHELAN
LINCOLN. Oct. 11.— Hon. A. Cam
inetti, Democratic candidate for Con
gress in the First District, spoke here
this evening, opening the." campaign
in Placer County.
Caminetti at Lincoln.
IONB, Oct. 11. — To-night ended the
canvass of Amador County by J. N.
Gillett, the Republican • nominee for
Congress.- -Gillett'-has- been well re
ceived-in this county, and his meetings
have , been largely attended. j% Gillett
recited what" work he' had ttorie for his
district and . told . of" measures which
he proposed to introduce. * >
Gillett Well Received.
A suit for damages in the sum of
$48,828 50 for personal injuries was
begun yesterday 'against the United
Railroads by Mabel E. Bunker, libra
rian for the medical department of the
University of California. She asks
J2S.000 for the suffering anrt the re
mainder for being deprived of ability
to follow her work. Miss Bunker al
leges that on August 30 she was rid
ing in an electric car on Page street.
At the Intersection of Masonic ave
nue and Page street, where workmen
were tearing up a portion of the road
bed, the trolley wire broke and
brought the car to a. sudden stop.
The sputtering wire dangled down
over the dummy, she says, and in fear
of losing her life by coming in con~
tact with the current, she was about
to leave the car when it made a sud
den start. ¦ She was thrown over the
back of a seat, thereby bruised and
wounded, her brain injured, her mem
ory impaired, her left arm fractured
and her ribs broken. The plaintiff's
attorneys are Bigelow & Dorsey.
Mnbel A. Bunker Sues United Rail
roads on Account of Iaiurtes Re
ceived on Electric Car.
COLLEGE IJBRAIUAN
ASKS HEAVY DAMAGES
Keith Parlor, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, observed the flag day
of the order in its hall on FlUmore
street Monday night. There was a good
attendance of members and visitors.
After the initiation of one candidate u
recess was declared, during which a
patriotic programme was rendered.
The members sang "The Star-Spangled
Banner." Miss Langdon recited "Old
Glory," Mesdames Darees and Smith
sang a ballad, Lotta Bean recited
"Drake's Address to 'the American
Flag." Mrs. Kothe gave a very Inter
esting account of the raising of the
American flag. Fannie Smith sang a
ballad. Eliza* D. Keith, P. G. P., told
of the patriotic spirit that moved the
Native Daughters to reverence the flag
with the idea of arousing a love of
patriotism in the membership and in
the rising generation.
' Ernest C. Stock by invitation spoke
of the duty of native born and adopted
citizens to stand by the flag of the
Union. The parlor than sang "Native
Land" and the exercises closed with
the pledge to the flag by all the mem
bers and the delivery of the flag charge
by President Abrahams.
During the evening the parlor, which
on July 25 started the movement to
have the California niche In the Statu
ary Hall In Washington filled, adopted
a' resolution that a statue of Father
Junipero Serra should be one of the
two placed in the niche. ;
Eloquent Patriotic Programme Fol
lows the Regular Business* of
the Evening.
FLAG DAY IN A PARLOR
OF NATIVE DAUGHTERS
BOSTON. Oct. 11.— United - States
Senators Foraker of Ohio and Lodge of
Massachusetts and Governor John L.
Bates spoke; to-night at the dinner of
the Republican Club of Massachusetts,
held in 'Symphony Hall.
Referring to the two Presidential
candidates, Senator Foraker said be
fore the people made a. man President
they wanted to know his views on pub
lic questions. He thought Judge Par
ker's declaration in regard to the gold
standard a great compliment to the
Republican party, but that in all other
respects he was in line with his own
party. In contrast, he said, President
Roosevelt had written and spoken upon
every public question In which the peo
ple have been interested since the land
ing of the Mayflower. . . ,
Senator Foraker devoted much of
his speech to a discussion of the Phil
ippine question, claiming that the ac
quisition of the islands was not a
transaction standing by itself,, but that
it was part and parcel of the wise, pa
triotic American policy conceived and
entered upon by the administration of
McKinley and carried on by President
Roosevelt.
Senator Lodge discussed national is
sues and Governor Bates confined his
address to State issues. - -
FORAKER SCORES PARKER.
REXO, Nev.. Oct. 11. — Matty La
Blond, Mike Somers, Joe Welch an-1
S. Mullins, four tough characters in
the GoldflHd jail, escaped yestsrday
by wrenching the Jail door from it*
hinges. After escaping three of them
held up a miner and obtained a jus;
of whisky and got drunk. They were
captured by Constable Thomas. Th*i
fourth man was caught at Rabbit
Springs by a deputy to-day.
Unhhijje Jail Do6r ami Escape.
The prominent bank officials of the
city will attend and. the speakers will
be Professor Carl C. Plehn of the Uni
versity of California on "Finance";
I.-..W.. Hellman Jr., .vice president of
the Nevada National Bank and. Union
Trust Company, "The Ideal Bank
Clerk'.'; James K. Lynch, cashier of
the First National Bank, "Banking as
a Profession"; F. W. Wolfe, assist
ant cashier of the San Francisco Na
tional Bank, "Work of the Institute";
R. Norrls, International Banking Cor
poration, "Brief History of San Fran
cisco Chapter"; Colonel Francis E.
Beck, "The Future Commercial and
Banking Development of San Fran
cisco"; H. G. White Jr., San Fran
cisco National Bank, "History of
Clearing-Houses"; Franklin C. Mor
timer, Bank of California, "The St.
Louis Convention of Bank Clerks";
Rollin C. Ayrea, president San Fran
cisco Ad. Club. "Side Lights at the
Bank Clerks' Convention"; F. L. Lip
man, cashier of the Wells-Fargo
Bank "The Education of a Bank
Clerk."
The menus will be in the form of a
bankbook, with leather covers and a
debit and credit side. The debits
will be the menu and the credits the
responses.
The American Institute of Bank
Clerks was organized by the Amerxan
Bankers' Association, who have an
nually appropriated funds for its en
couragement. Its object is educational.
The committee in charge of the affatr is
as follows: Henry L. Clapp, chair
.man; George L. Woolrlch. music; F.
L. Moss, finance; H. G. White 1.*..
speakers; Franklin C. Mortimer, menu.
H. J. Maginnity, president of the locnl
chapter, will officiate as toastmaster.
The San Francisco Chapter, Ameri
can Institute of Bank Clerks, will rive
a reception and banquet to the onnk
officials at the California Hotel this
evening. This will also be the oc
casion of receiving the three delegates
who have just returned fro*n the an
nual convention of the institute, held
at St. Louis. These delegates are H.
G. White Jr., R. Morris and F. C. Mor
timer.
Local Chapter, American Institute or
Bank Clerks, to Give Recep
tion to Otlicials.
MEN WHO HANDLE MILLIONS
WILL GATHER AT BANQUET
Clara M. Langley, one of the clever
est and most attractive of New York
actresses, will play the role of Es
trella Bonham in Augustus Thomas'
powerful play, "Arizona," which begins
a two weeks' season at the Grand
Opera-house next Sunday matinee.
"Arizona" is one of the best plays Mr.
Thomas has written. The scenic pic
tures in "Arizona" are taken from orig
inal sketches and the costumes and ap
purtenances are correct in every de
tail. One of the principals, whose
name is not on the programme, is
Bonita's pet saddle horse "Choohise,"
an animal that has seen actual service
for a number of years on a cattle
ranch.
The company is first-class lm every
respect. The production is the same
in every detail as that recently seen at
the Academy of Music, New York. This
will be the first production of "Ari
zona" in this city at popular prices.
CLEVER ACTRESS WHO WILL. BE
SEEN HERE IN -ARIZONA" AT
THE GRAND.
ThJs is a confession on his part thit
a great blunder was made by him and
that because of this blunder hundreds
of small mines for years have be-en
closed. The miners had better rely
on Mr. Gillett to enact this amend
ment, he having discovered the mis-
Many of these mines are owned by
men of small and limited means, who,
if permitted, cotfld work their proper
ties and give employment to many.
Notwithstanding that no injury can
possibly come from the operation of
their mines the Caminetti act makes
it unlawful to mine them, unless a
dam. which is absolutely unnecessary, is
first constructed under plans furnished
by the United States Debris Commis
sion and a permit to operate issued.
In many instances the property will not
warrant the construction of a dam; in
more instances the owners have no
m^ans to build one, and for these rea
sons for twelve years or more the
miners owning these propertjes have
been unable to work them.
Congressman Gillett. who has visit
ed this mining section, saw the mines
and interviewed the miners. As a re
sult of his investigation he will amend
the Caminetti act. Being a member
of the majority in Congress and upon
the committee before which the bill
will undoubtedly be referred, Mr. Gil
lett will be in a position to get such
an amendment through. It is report
ed that Mr. Caminetti, on learning of
Mr. Gillett's intention, said that he,
too. will so amend the act.
In no otrrer place in the United States
does such a law exist. Nowhere else
d->es the Government interfere with
placer mining, and it would not do so
in this State, by law, were it not for
thf» Caminetti act. There are many
small mines in this State at the head
waters of our rivers and their tribu
taries which can be opened and oper
ated without doing any injury to the
navigable streams of the State or the
lands adjacent thereto, being so remote
thf-refrom.
There is no apprehension at Republi
can headquarters regarding the out
come of the battle in the First Congres
sional District. Mr. Gillett will be r<*
elected by a large majority. It is be
lieved that Humboldt County will give
th* Republican nominee more than 200<i
majority.
When the Democratic candidate, Mr.
Carainetti, was in Congress he passed
an act making hydraulic mining in
California unlawful, unless the persons
so desiring to mine by this process ap
plied to a commission of United States
officers, whose duty it was to require
the building of a dam behind which
to impound the debris. After the con
struction of such a dam a permit would
\>" issued authorizing mining to pro
ofed. By this act the mining of this
i>tate was taken from its citizens and
lilpced under the control of the Gov
ernment.
Julius Kahn, Republican nominee for
Congress from the Fourth District, will
address his fellow-citizens of the For
ty-first Assembly District at Steimke
Hall this evening. Political experts
predict the election of Mr. Kahn. Re
publican workingmen, merchants and
business men generally are giving the
nominee cordial support. Mr. Kahn will
also speak at Alhambra Theater next
Saturday night.
FIRST DISTRICT.
E. A. Hayes, Republican nominee for
Congress in the Fifth District, has es
tablished headquarters' in this city at
t Powell street. Political indications
are that Mr. Hayes will be elected by a
substantial majority. He will speak to
the people of San Franctsco at the Al
hambra Theater next Saturday even
ing.
SPEAKS OX CHINESE EXCLUSION
Timothy Spellacy of Kern, chairman
of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, is back in the city and again
In command at headquarters in the
Bishop building. Mr. Spellacy is an
noyed at the reports that have been
made to the effect that he has criti
cized alleged lack of activity on the
part of ex-Congressman Thomas
Geary. If the Democrats that were
responsible for the report did one-halt
the work either he or Mr. Geary, who
has been most active in the campaign,
have done, Mr. Spellacy says, the
chances for Democratic success in Cal
ifornia In November would materially
brighten. It is the desire to criticize
and the lack of desire to work on the
part of a certain element of the
Democracy that is hurting things, Mr.
Spellacy concluded.
Jarrett T. Richards, president of
the Santa Barbara Chamber of Com
merce, gave a luncheon in compli
ment to United States Senator Thom
as R. Bard at the Pacific Union Club
last Monday. Senator George C. Per
kins, ex-Senator Charles N. Felton, F.
S. Stratum, Collector of the Port; Jus
tice T. B. McFarland, Dr. Chester
Rowell and Thomas B. Bishon were
present.
DEMOCRATIC DESPAIR.
Frank P. Flint, one of the leading
candidates for the United States Sen
ate, and Oscar Lawlor of Los Angeles
were in San Francisco yesterday. Mr.
Flint has traveled considerably over
the northern region of California dur
ing the past two weeks and is quite
well satisfied with the condition of hia
Senatorial campaign. He predicts the
election of Gillett in the First and
McKiniay In the Second Congressional
district. On account of a. snowstorm
in the mountains Mr. Flint was not
able to keep his engagement to speak
at Downieville, Sierra County.
Colonel E. A. Forbes of Yuba is in
the city:. He is confident that the Re.
publicans will win out In his section
of the State.
During the months of July. August
and September, 1903, wHen the can
teen was open, there were thirteen
deaths at the horrve. During the
months of July, August and Septem
ber, 1904, with a closed canteen, there
were fourteen deaths Many earnest
advocates of temperance are opposed
to absolute prohibition. They main
tain that "Bell did not^Dromote the
true cause of temperance when he
procured the amendment absolutely
prohibiting the sale of liquor on the
home premises.
Duncan E. McKinlay's position in
this resDect commands the admiration
of the veterans. He maintains that
the old soldiers should have all the
rights and privileges that are accorded
to other citizens, and that they should
not be hampered by sumptuary legis
lation. As to pensions, he believes in
payment direct to the veterans and the
right of the veteran to do what he
pleases with the money, regardless of
trustees, commandants, governing
boards and Public Administrators.
FRANK P. FLINT.
The contest in the Second Congres
sional District is most peculiar. The
Democratic nominee has abandoned
the patlform of his party. He fails
to mention the Democratic national
ticket. He is appealing for votes on
the score of Tiis good looks and good
fellowship. He is easily enough the
handsomest Democratic nominee in
the field. In respect to personal pul
chritude he outshines Livernashs Mc-
Pike, Wynn, Caminetti, Judge Cortley,
Ona Morton and Dr. Lucas of Santa
Maria. He belongs to a good many
fraternal orders and flaunts the re
galia wherever a brother is in sight.
This style of campaigning may not
win many votes. In the lodgeroom
the saying is: "It is all right for the
order to work for a candidate, but
when the candidate attempts to work
the order it is all wrong."
The normal Republican majority in
the Second District approximates 3000.
Two years ago the niachine knifed
Pardee and Coombs, hence the party
vote cannot be determined by refer
ence to the number of ballots cast for
either. Taking the vote for Lieuten
ant Governor in 1902 as the basis
a Republican majority of 2855 is
shown. In the Presidential election
of 1900 the counties comprising the
district gave a Republican majority of
3425. It is the judgment of well in
formed politicians that Duncan E.
McKiniay, Republican nominee, will
be elected by at least 2000 majority.
He is popular, progressive and able.
He will be capable of accomplishing
something for this important district.
The Woodland Democrat praises
Bell for abolishing the canteen at the
Soldiers' Home, and contends that
the death rate at the home has been
greatly diminished in consequence of
that abolition. The Democrat is not
correct on both propositions. As to
the abolition of the canteen by Bell
it is correct, but is incorrect in the as*
eertion that the death rate is .dimin
ished. As the genial editor of the
Democrat is a Missourian, The Call
will "have to show how.
SECOND DISTRICT.
take and also being a member of the
majority in Congress. That they will
do so is evidenced by the warm sup
port they are giving Mr. Gillett.
With Davis are Senator Daniel of
Virginia, David B. Hill of New York
and ex-Governor Whyte of Maryland,
besides a retinue of local candidates,
representatives of the National and
State committees, who join and leave
the train as it moves through their
territory.
Rallies were held in Piedmont and
Keyser, W. Va., each of an hour's dur
ation, and several others of half that
time. Many talks were made from the
rear end of the private car occupied
by Davis and his campaigners.
The itinerary for the day included
Rockville and Brunswick, Md., at
which places there was an escort from
the District of Columbia furnished by
five Democratic clubs of that place.
Harper's Ferry, Shenandoah Junction,
Martlnsburg, Cherry Run, Hancock,
Pawpaw, Greenspring, Cumberland,
Keyser and Piedmont were all points
of attack by Democratic oratory.
CUMBERLAND, Md., Oct. 11.—Hen
ry G. Davis, Democratic Vice Presi
dential candidate, has made a flying
start on his whirlwind campaign
through Maryland and West Virginia.
Leavjng Baltimore this morning on a
special train he has made an even
dozen speeches, arranged the details
of every meeting, introduced his corps
of campaigners, to the audiences in all
the West Virginia towns visited, has
struck out vigorously on State issues,
done the greater part of the talking,
and to-night is the farthest from fa
tigue of any member of the party-
At Waterloo Senator Allison and for
mer Speaker Henderson occupied seats
on the platform while SenatoT Fair
banks spoke" and both made speeches
there after the Vice Presidential can
didate took his departure. He was ac
companied during the day by Governor
Cummins and other prominent Iowa
Republicans.
DAVIS' WHIRLWIND TOUR.
MARSHALLTOWN, Iowa, Oct. 11.—
Senator Fairbanks made here to-night
the last of a series of ten speeches-de
livered since leaving Omaha early this
morning. The day was one of the most
successful of the .Western tour, both
in point of attendance and in point of
Interest. While there was no lack of
enthusiasm at any of the meetings,
Waterloo supplied the largest attend
ance and there also was the highest
pitch of enthusiasm attained. At that
place the meeting was held in the
public park. The crowd was so ex
tended that the Senator's Voice could
not be heard on the outskirts and the
people so thronged the streets that it
was almost impossible for the auto
mobile in which he was seated to make
its way to the park.
At Iowa Falls Senator Fairbanks
dwelt upon the prosperity of the farm
ers. He said:
An eminent Democratic authority some time
ago, in the hope of winning the support of tha
azricultural vote, asserted that .the Repub
lican party had done little for the farmers of
the country. He contrasted the expenditure of
five or six millions of dollars for the support
of the Agricultural Department with expendi
tures for the support of other branches of the-
Federal service. His statement was not en
tirely accurate, though he did not mean that it
should fall short of the absolute truth. The
Republican party has not only appropriated
over five millions for the support of that de
partment, at the head of which is the great
Secretary of Agriculture, James Wilson of
Iowa, but It appropriated more than twenty
million* of dollars at the last session for the
support of the rural free delivery service
throughout the United States. That service Is
one of the fruits of Republican administration.
More important than these are the benefits
coming to the farmers through the beneficent
operations of the policies of the Republican
party. The fact Is that our farmers have been
benefited by the operation of these policies
durlr*. the lai>t seven and a half years more
than they ever have been benefited In all /of
the history of the republic.
: In looking over the State ' I was In
terested in what J I saw of . the : work
ings of prohibition. -W« all have our
notions r about \ that, and I " was never
led to ; believe • in - It , very heartily.
Th«re was '. strong opposition to \ta
establishment something • like a dozen
years ago, but' I found 1 no champion
SUCCESS OF PROHIBITION.
Getting back to the original ques
tion, you will notice that in giving fig
ures of majorities in States the expert
seldom makes prophecies as to North
Dakota. It' is because of the disposi
tion to make it unanimous there. Of
117 daily and weekly papers issued in
the State of North Dakota, there are
but one daily and eight weeklies de
voted to Democracy. There are near
ly always two papers in any town
where theiie is population enough to
support one. That is to say where
there are enough people to barely war
rant some one In starting a paper, and
he does start it, a competitor quickly
follows and the spectacle is furnished
of two papers, often they ; are daily
papers, thriving or \ showing every, sign
of . thriving, in communities | so sparse
as to cause wonder that one could
exist. This is simply in evidence of
prosperous conditions. The solitary
Democractic daily' is published at
Grand Forks, one of the most popu
lous cities of the State, and its history
has been one long, story of failure.
Some yojing men have recently taken
it | off the hands • of , its late unhappy
proprietor and they say they have high
hopes. .
Everybody is happy in North Da
kota, now. Things are going well.
Crops are the largest known for a long
time. There's nothing but; prosperity.
A REPUBLICAN PRESS.
The Representative in Congress who
will hold Spalding's seat is J. A.
Gronna, a merchant of Lakota, Nelson
County, on the north line of the State.
The cry that the north wanted ! and
should have representation was offered
as an excuse for the defeat of Spalding,
but it is well understood that his own
indiscretion in taking sides in a family
fight not directed against him is the
real cause. Gronna is a Norwegian and
a close friend of Senator Hansbrough.
,The State Attorney General, Frick,
comes from the same town of La
kota and, seeing that the question of
geography was cutting such a figure,
Gronna declared; Vhen the nomination
for Congress was offered him, that, if
it was going to affect Frick's chances
for a renomination he would not ac
cept. He was assured that it would
not and it didn't. '
During the first day of the sitting
of the convention Judge John M.
Cochrane of the Supreme Court died.
The convention adjourned for that day
out of respect. When it adjourned
finally Edward Engurud, a young
lawyer, who attended it as a delegate
and with no thought of receiving any
honor at its hands, had been nominat
ed for the place and, of course, will be
elected. This is just to show how the
whirligig playa in politics. '
THE NEW REPRESENTATIVE.
But there . was a factional .fight on
in his section of the State. Both fat>
tions/ of course, looked to him to join
it in the overthrow of the other.'Spald-
Ing's own particular friends, saw. that
the scrap was no place for. him and
when he had gotten so far as St. Paul
on his way west from Washington he
received a wire signed by several of
these, telling him to go fishing in some
remote Minnesota stream and not be
heard from until after the election. But
Spalding could not see the necessity.
Had he not won his place by fighting
and if there was anything doing in
politics in his State his place was in
the thick of it. He went to Fargo and
made enemies. He soon saw that the
other fellow's fight had become his own,
but he boasted that on the floor of the
then impending convention he would
win. He secured but 101 votes in a total
flf 525.
There was the case of Representative
Spalding. He was a clever man, a good
lawyer and made a capable and ef
fective v Representative. He was strong
in his home town of Fargo, and that
heiwould be unseated by the State con
vention of his party was the thing
furthest from his thoughts. He had
eat among the mighty at Washington,
had acquitted himself well, had secured
all that was coming to his State out
of the general struggle" for appropria
tions and had rendered as effective ser
vice as could be expected of one man.
With this prestige added to the quality
that got him- there in the first place,
why should be not go back? He hadn't
even asked himself thla , question, th*
case seemed so clear. •
A CASE IN POINT.
The only excitement that can be
evolved out of a campaign in North
Dakota is secured by splits and con
tests within the party. It is never: a
question of the election of a Republi
can to office, but a contest as to
which Republican." And so, being put
to it in this regard, they generally
manage to eke out enough sport from
campaign to campaign to make it
worth while. There are so many good
Republicans who are also good men in
North Dakota that no one man or set
of men may say, having been lifted to
an eminence. "This is my place; I will
pre-empt this peak. for my own; Re
publican majorities are so certain here'
that I have only now to signify that
I am in the game." «.
Fairbanks is making a great record
as a campaigner, but he is not making
the record for the record's sake.
Where a speech may be cut out of the
itinerary without loss to his cause, he
is quite willing. And so he saved his
voice in North Dakota. North Da
kota is one of those States where you
listen in vain foi the cheery assurance
of the Democratic chairman that
things look good to him and that "nev
er before in the history of the party
was victory so certain." With ¦ the
Democrats here, it is a mere matter
of going through the forms, so far at
least as the national ticket is con
cerned.
BISMARCK, S. »D., Oct. 11. — Of
course Senator Fairbanks knew why
he chose the Sabbath day upon which,
in his westward course, to cross the
State of North Dakota, to enter from
the east the land of promise — special
agricultural promise — of thrift and of
temperance; to tarry only here and
there for 'an hour or so and pass on
to the next; to stop off midway and
attend church, and then to go on into
the. strenuous and politically turbulent
State of Montana before the week days
had come that make it meet and ne
cessary to make campaign speeches.
The Board of Supervisors must then
annually levy a tax for the school fund,
which, added to the revenue from the
State and other sources, will equal the
total of the aggregate expenditures,
which total amount, however, shall nut
exceed fifty dollars for each pupil en
rolled.
A second amendment provides that
the Board of Education shall have
power once in each year to ordain the
levy by the Board of Supervisors of a
tax of not more than ten cents on
every $100, which will constitute a
"school building tax fund." out of
which new buildings and alterations
may be constructed and school sites
purchased. Another amendment pro
vides that any moneys realized from
the sale of bonds for schools and all
repairs thereof shall be under the ex
clusive control of the Board of Edu
cation.
Another amendment gives the power
to each princiDal to collect the payroll
of all teachers and other employes in
his school, the roll to be certified to
by the principal. Other propositions
to be voted on are as follows:
To establish and conduct elementary schools,
kindergartens", manual training schools, trada
school?, truant schools, parental schools, even
ing schools and vacation schools.
To maintain free lectures and courses of in
struction for the people of San Francisco. — •"¦.*'
FOR SPECIAL CLASSES.
To provide special classes, whose sessions
•hall be held at such times in the day or even
in* as the Board of Education may determine,
for the purpose of giving free instruction in
th» English language to persons who cannot
use that language readily, and whrwe vocattor.s
are such as to prevent their attending the ele- .
mentary or other schools -4n the school system.
To establish, equip and conduct public play
grounds.
To provide separate schools for the education
o* the children of Chinese and Japanese par
ents.
To establish and annually conduct a competi
tive- civil service examination for the- appoint
ment of teachers to the substitute list of tha
elementary and grammar day schools.
To provide a pension fund and to set astd«
and expend annually a sum of money, not ex
ceeding 1 per cent of the total amount appro
priated for school purposes, for pensioning
aged. Infirm or disabled teachers of the School
Department of San Francisco under such rul«*s
and regulations aa the Board of Education nuty
from time to time adopt.
To provide and pay for sufficient and suit
able fire escapes for each school building of thla
city and county two or more stories in height
To connect every building of the Pohool I>.»
partment of the city and coonty of San Fran
cisco with the central flr» alarm system of th»
city and ceunty.
To srovWi? and pay for sanitary toilet*,
plumbing and sswer systems In each and every
school bulldinz of this city and county
The Board of Education yesterday
issued a list of the proposed amend
ments to the charter which it desires
to have submitted to a vote of the peo
ple. Petitions are being circulated with
a view to obtaining the signatures of at
least fifteen per cent of the qualified
electors asking the Board of Super
visors to submit amendments to the
existing charter provisions and also to
add many subdivisions relative to the
conduct of the school department. The
amendments are designed to render the
Board of Education Independent of the
Board of Supervisors in school affairs
and It is the opinion of President Ron
covieri, that if they are adopted the
schools will be greatly benefited by the
changed conditions.
One amendment relates to the school
tax levy and gives the Board of Edu
cationthe power to fix its annual bud
get Of expenditures in April. It shall
be then' transmitted to the Supervisors
and it is provided as follows:
Any specific item or items embraced or con
tained in said budget or estimate ir.ay be in
creased or decreased, amended, modified <ir
•trieken out by the affirmative vote of not less
than a majority of ill the members of the
Board of Supervisors, with the approval of the
Mayor, or by the affirmative vote of not less
than fifteen members of the Board of Super
visor* without the approval of. the Major.
MUST LEVY SCHOOL TAX.
at Macon, Moberly, Centralia, Mexico
and Montgomery City and left for St.
Louis to-night.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 11.— William J.
Bryan, who stopped here to-night on
his way to Illinois, spoke to a large
crowd at the West End Coliseum.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind.. Oct. 12. —
William J. Bryan arrived here from
St. Louis at 1:15* o'clock this morn
ing. When the train pulled into the
station Bryan was asleep and he was
not disturbed. The Pullman was
placed on a sidetrack. To-morrow
morning the car will be attached to
the special train which will carry Bry
an and his party on a tour of Indiana.
State Chairman William H. O'Brien
of Indianapolis is here to met Bryan.
Appears In Several Places in Missouri,
Including St. Louis.
WELLSVILLE, Mo., Oct. 11. — Wil
liam J. Bryan's whirlwind tour to-day
recalled his two Presidential cam
paigns> He addressed large crowds
BRYAN HAS BUSY DAY.
To be sure, the saloons get most of
their trade from the larger towns.
The streets, of Fargo are patrolled day
and night by attractive conveyances
bearing the names in modest letters
of the well known places across the
river and any who wish to go to these
places have but to step in or hail the
driver to be whirled over the bridge
without charge. The rigs are also on
call to convey the customers home,
drunk or sober. These rigs, which
are of many descriptions, are referred
to in local speech as jag wagons.
And to be sure it. will be said that
so far as these towns on the State's
margin are concerned the prohibition
law simply dr.ew a definite., line about
their tenderloin, which would be a
good thing for any town. And of
course this is true, but exactly the
same sentiment is expressed in other
towns of the State with regard to the
prohibition law, that it would not be
exchanged for the old wide open con
dition. ' Of course there is always the
reference to the "blind pig," said to be
everywhere, and of course there is
something to it, but the pig is incon
spicuous and its effects not apparent.
If you wish to pursue this subject fur
ther, as the textbooks say, you are re
spectfully referred. I have noted
what came under my eye.-
OBLIGING JAG WAGONS.
of a return to the old system in any
part of the State, and I asked a great
many. On the western border, at
Fargo and Grand Forks, they simply
point across the river. At Grand
Forks and Fargo you find Just as
pretty little cities as you want to see,
beautiful homes, neatly ' kept lawns
and gardens, .clean streets, handsome,
public buildings, an air of -self-respect
and conscious pride. Just over the
little bridge that spans the Red River
at Grand Forks is East Grand Forks,
and from Fargo there is the town of
Moorhead. They are in the State of
•Minnesota, and both of them are com
posed chiefly of saloons. In the case
of Moorhead there are a number of
saloons ; equi^-ed with plate-glass
mirrors $ and electric lights to attract
and dazzle "the best class of trade,"
but there are saloons of every char
acter and in every part of the town.
Fargo and Moorhead made a fight
many years ago for supremacy, and
at the time of the prohibition agita
tion "it was prophesied, that in case
of its success the center of popula
tion as between the two towns would
cross the river Into Minnesota. ,The
saloons did cross the river, and spent
largo sums in their embellishment.
There \v«*re. as had been predicted
that there would be, a great many va
cant storerooms In Fargo where the
saloons had been, and rents came
down as a consequence. But there are
no vacant stores now in Fargo or
Grand. Forks. .-»
BY S. W. WALL.
Campaign on Behalf of Candidacy of Julius Kahn and
E A. Hayes Opens Saturday Evening at the Alhambra
Theater and a Big Meeting Is Assured.
Great Enthusiasm Dis
played All Along
His Route.
CIRCULATES PETITIONS
Desires to Have Proposi
tions Submitted to the
Voters on December £
Only Question Is as to Size of
the Majority the State Will
Give the Ticket.
Gillett of First and McKiniay of
Second Continue to Make Big Gains
Voters of South Dakota Solid
P For Roosevelt and Fairbanks
RooseYelt's Mate Tells
Citizens of Iowa
How to Yote.
Board of Education Issues.
List Of Proposed Amend
ments to City'? Charter
PROSPECTS FOR REPUBLICAN
SUCCESS IN CONGRESSIONAL
DISTRICTS ARE VERY BRIGHT
SAYS SCHOOLS
WILL BENEFIT
SUCCESS ATTENDS FAIRBANKS' TOUR
Clever Woman
In Main Role
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
Extensive preparations are being
made by the reception committee hav
ing ' in charge the arrangements for
the Eastern delegates to the conven
tion of the American Federation of
Labor, which meets in this city on No
vember 14. Excursions about the
city, bay. and into some of the nearby
towns are scheduled: There : will be
a street parade,- which will. bring out
the full strength of . all labor unions
affiliated with both the Building
Trades Council and Labor Council.
By unanimous • vote the Electrical
Workara attheir meeting last night
indorsed - the ; proposed . bond'; issue of
$2,000,000 for the. improvement of the
harbor; -:-§Jigjjgg
' f *A ( report . was received by the sub
committee of the Union Label Bulle
tin convention at its meeting last night
showing every; encouragement in ¦ the
circulation of the bulletin.
Local Committee Is Slaking Extensive
for Welcoming East
ern Representatives.
Congressman E. J. Livernash 'ad
dressed several audiences on Sixth'
street last night. He touched on va
rious subjects, but occupied the most
time in a discussion of the Chinese
exclusion question, regarding which
he said in part:
2
jyo. j. FULToy. co.
A Crucial
_ Test
Edwin W. Joy Reports One o!
the Most RemarKable Re-
coveries From Bright's Dis-
ease on Record.
"There passed away In this city nearly foar
months ago from La Grippe a valued friend
of mine whose history for the three years pre-
..vinus. so far as I know, has no parallel. All
medical works attect the incurability of chronic
Bright 1 s Disease. That there was no queaUon
about the genuineness of this case or tts se-
ti outness may be known from this: that bs
was at that time (three years ago) In one of
the large hospitals In this city, had been
tapped fourteen times, was again filling up, and
aside from the dropsical accumulations was a
mere skeleton awaiting death th« case being
considered hopeless by the physicians and his
family; .
"At that date the Fulton Compounds were
Juiit beginning to be known and I suggested to
one of tbs company that the patient be put on
the treatment, as It would be conclusive. This
was done. As th< physicians were not likely
to believe there was anything in it he was
taken home tnd the treatment was adminis-
tered by his family. I left at that time for a
trip to A«ia and Europe, having no doubt In
my rr.:nd that on my return, six months later
I would hear that the expected had happened
When I got back you can Imagine my aston-
lthment to meet him on the street. His
proRress. although remarkably slow, was
definite sod certain. The tappings got further
apart ana slight Improvement month by t%>nth .
'«ii noted until the end of nearly three years
|MM he was ready to return to | his employ-
ment and took bis former position.
"He later took a violent cold, as above, and a
if-rlous case of La Grippe terminated fatally
ftbout three months ago. . However, the gradual
transformation from the edge of death to the
capacity for business was either a miracle or
•else Dright's Disease In tts most serious forms
is nor.- amenable to treatment. Jf human testi-
mony Is worth anything, and I have In this
vase try own personal observation throughout,
then chronic Blight's Disease, even In extreme
cases. Is now curable by Fulton's Compounds.
There Is no escape whatever from this conclu-
sion and my knowledge Is not confined to this
case alone, for 1 have a friend, an editor of this
'city, who has fully recovered, and I know of
others." EDWIN W. JOY,
California and Kearnyt Streets.
8an Francisco. October 10. 1904.
Mr. Joy Is one one of the widest known busi-
ness men on the coast and can be seen at bis
More. California and Kearny a**., and we doubt
not will be willing to give further details.
Blight's Disease and Diabetes are now cur-
able in nearly nine-tenths of all cases. Send
fcr literature and list of agents to Jno. J. Ful-
ton Co., 409 Washington St., San Francisco, or
send us the address of a tick friend and we<
will ma.ll pamphlets.
When to euepect Brlrnt's Disease: Weakness
or loss of weight; puSy ankles, bands or eye-
lids; kidney trouble after the third . month:
urine may show sediment: ¦ falling vision:
drowsiness— one or mor* of these.
FREE FREE — FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
CREPE PAPER —
__ — . — SETS — -'
——Consisting of
TABLE CLOTH,
is NAPKINS, •
la DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable
or Serviceable.
SET FREE \
WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL. .
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"~" r ~~ "
[yTjjUTJRICES 1
I do my Kodak developlcg and printing
promptly and do it well. I'm the l*ad*r
In this kind of work and there are on*
or two good reasons for this. A trial
order from you will make you one of my
customers.
Developing — Roll of six, 10c. Roll of
twelve, 1 5c.
Printing — Sollo finish. 3e to. 5c. Velox
finish. a«s to 6c.
DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS In all
sixes. I carry the best on the market
AXSCO CAMERAS are high grade' and
always do good wort I tell them; S2.0O
up.
CYKO Photo Paper gives beautiful de-
tail and prints by artificial light.
Cameras ot a» kinds repaired at low
prices.
TRY A CONXLIN'S SELF FILLIVG
FOUNTAIN PEff, K3.OO np. .-
Mall orders pymptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PfTTS. the Stationer,
1008 T TABKST ST., Opp. riTtH 8t*
gs.n_F*rai>clsco.
*'. -
Liver and Kidneys
It is highly important that these or-
gans shoull properly perform their func-
tions. /
When tley don't, what lameness of the
side and back, what yellowness of the
skin, whit constipation, bad taste in the
mouth. / sick headache. > pimples and
blotched and loss of courage, tall tha
¦tory.'/
Thefcreat alterative and tonic ,
Hood'sSorsaparilla
Giv* these orsana vigor and tone for
the performance of their fune-
tioss- and cures all their ordinary ' ail-
ments. Take it.ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 12. 7:40
a. m. —^The Official Messenger has an
nounced the appointment of 'Vice Ad
miriil Bezobrazoff, commander'. from
the first squadron of the Pacific fleet,
to be senior admiral of , the Baltic
fleet, and of Rear Admiral Haupt.
naval commander at the port of Vlad
ivostok, to be junior admiral of - the
Baltic fleet- Rear Admiral IGreve will
succeed Rear Admiral Haupt as com
mander' at the sdrt. of Vladivostok.*
Admiral Jessen will assume command
of the firn Pacific squadron. ~ -",
BEZOBRAZOFF NAMED.
Vice Admiral Win Command the Bal
tic Fleet.
The Daily Telegraph Chefu cor
respondent says that there are indi
cations that the Japanese intend mak
ing another assault upon Port Arthur
before going into winter quarters.
"In a dispatch' to the Emperor Gen
eral Stoessel confirms the report that
desperate sorties from Port Arthur
were made on October 5 and 6, and
sates that -the Russians, with greatly
inferior forces, repulsed the Japanese
four times and captured ten Hotch
kiss guns.'.** i
Port Arthur Commander Sends Cheer
ins News to Russia.
LONDON. Oct. 12. — A dispatch
from Su Petersburg to a news agency
here says:
STOESSEL IS VICTOR.
The fleet will divide off the Spanish
coast, one squadron going by way of
the Suez canal and the other around
Cape Horn, reuniting at a pre
arranged oolnt in the Indian Ocean.
The coaHng of the Cape squadron has
been insured by colliers, which have
been dispatched in advance.
PARIS, Oct. i;._ The Echo de
Paris' St. Petersburg correspondent
learns from what he believes to be a
reliable source the final composition
of the fleet, which is to sail from the
Baltic for the Far East, and which
is as follows: The battleships Os
liaba. Sissoi Veliky, Navariin Noro
dino, Alexander III. Orel and Prince
Souvaroff: the cruisers Almax,
Zeemtcjiug. Izumrud. Admiral Nik
hinofT. Dmitri Donskoi, Oleg, Aurora
and Svetlana; nine destroyers and
ten big transports.
Story That Baltic Squadron Will Go
by . Two Routes.
FLEET WILL DIVIDE.
Selects Remote County for Battle for }
l>ee<Ioni in IIoi>e or Getting j
Quick Action.
PORTLAND. Oct. 11. — To get a le- J
gal separation from his wife. Edgar
E. Sutro, youngest son of the late
Adolph Sutro of San Francisco, has
brought suit at St. Helens, Columbia
County. Ore. It ia to keep Mrs. Sutro
from laying claim to any more of his
patrimony that this action is taken,
and the suit is begun in Columbia
County because swifter action is ex
pected than in the courts of Multno
mah.
Sutro has been engaged in the con
fectionery business in Portland for the '
test three years. ; I
EIH5AR SUTRO BRINGS SUIT
FOR DIVORCE IN OREGON
Unless New Testimony Wanted Ar- J
rives Soon Another Corni-Martial « :
Will Be Convened.
The court-martial of Lieutenant j
George 5. Richards Jr.. who is
charged with duplicating his pay ac
counts, is still hanging fire. When it
shall be resumed mainly depends upon
the authorities at Washington. The
accused has requested that his father
be allowed to testify in his behalf and j
the court here is waiting, to see
whether the powers in Washington
will grant his prayer. Should this
prayer be granted Richards Sr. must
arrive here early next month to ap
pear before the present court-mar
tial, as on November 5 the Twenty
eighth Infantry will depart from the
post and with it will take some of the
officers now sitting in this court- If
this should be the case an entirely
new court will be convened and the
testimony already offered will be pre
sented to the new court. The trial
has already lasted six months.
General Corbin and his aid. Captain
J. A. Moss, called upon General Mac-
Arthur yesterday. General and Mrs.
Corbin are now the guests of Mrs. F.
Kohl. 2514 Pacific avenue.
The transport Logan, which sailed
from Honolulu on the 8th inst^. ia due
to arrive here on Saturday. She
brings 3S sick. IS1 casuals, 27 general
prisoners and S insane.
General MacArthur hopes to move
into his new division headcuarters in
the Grant building by the end of the
week.
The sale of seats will begin this morn
ing at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s for t!s«
popular priced farewell concert to be
given by the famous piaaist. Josef Hof
nana. at the Tlvoll next Sunday after
noon. A delightful programme will be
presented. •
Ilofmann at the Tivoli.
LIEUTENANT RICHARDS' TRL\L
IS STILL HANGING FfRE
Continued From Page 1, Column 6,
down torpedo-boats en . route over the j
Great Northern to Seattle have been
wrecked near Towner through the
breaking of the forward- journal on
the truck containing part of one of
the boats. The train passed through '
.Rugby at an early • hour on a sprct&l [
WIU Sail in Ffew Days.
- COPENHAGEN. Oct. 11.— It U
learned from an excellent source that
the Russian Baltic fleet will leave LJ
bau.on October: 14 and pass * through
Danish water* October 'IS.*- High R\is-
TREMENDOUS RISK.
advantage of fighting behind breast
works and utilizing their superiority
in mountain guns. The general superi
ority of the Japanese in mountain oper
ations is conceded. The Kussian cora
ma.r.der is aware of the difficulties of the
task before him. has measured them
well, and is confident of his ability to
overcome them. If General Kuropatkin
possessed an army of half a million
men he could leave a sufficient force to
attack the triangle while he moved
with the remainder around the eastern
and western flanks.
This is considered in the best Inform
ed circles at the War Office to be im
practicable with the numbers now com
posing General Kuropatkin's army and
a frontal advance is the only alter
r stive. Operations, however, are likely
to be marked by feints on the right
and left. The Japanese probably will
make similar movements until both
armies become involved in a death
struggle.
»
GIVES CREDIT TO NODZU
Kn~li-h Correspondent Says Oyama
Did Not Save IJsoyang.
LONDON. ' Oct. If.— The English
papers this morning are still discussing
what they regard as General Kuropat
kin's inexplicable change of plan of
campaign, and with the Increasing con
viction that now is shared by most of
the European critics that it is due to
pressure from St. Petersburg.
Th* situation will be still more com
plicated if the extraordinary statement
sent by Bennett Burleigh from Shang
hai to ths Daily Telegraph to-day should
tern out to b? correct. Burleigh says
it fs believed Field Marshal Oyama and
his staff will return or be recalled to
Japan, ostensibly because the army is
going into winter quarters, and that
General Nodzu will take over the com
mand.
"It is now well known among the
better classes of Japan." Burleigh
adds, "that it was Nodzu who saved
the situation at the battle of Liaoyang.
Oyama and the headquarters had act
ually ordered a retreat, when Nodzu
•vigorously protested against such a
step and begged them to make an
other desperate effort, the more di
rectly co-op€rating with Oku's right.
To Nodzu, therefore, is due the sole
credit of averting a disastrous retreat,
which he warded off by sending in and
almost sacrificing the entire Twentieth
Regiment of the Second Division."
According to Burleigh the Japanese
still have no intention of proceeding
much farther north than Mukden, and
will only with exceptional circum
stances attack Tie- Pass this season.
RUSSIANS DESTROY VESSELS.
Railroad Hands Wreck Train Carryins |
••Knock^d-IXnvn*' Torpedo Boats. {
MINOT. N. D-. Oct. 11.— Two knocked
Japanese Diplomat Talks About Ku- j
ropatkin'* Forward Move.
LONDON*. Oct. 11. — The British j
Government is closely watching to j
discover the cause and effect of Gen- !
pral Kuropatkin"s forward movement- !
Baron Hayasht, the Japanese Minister i
here, conveyed such information as
he possessed to Foreign ilinister Lans
dewne on Monday. Baron Hayashi \
deprecates . the ridicule that is being;
showered by the English press on Gen- ¦
eral Kuropatkin's proclamation.
"Even the assumption of" an initia- j
fve," said the Japanese Minister, j
•must benefit the Russian forces. I j
heve no more belief that General Ku- |
rcpatkin's move is a bluff than I be- |
Iieve that Marquis Oyama's lack of i
aggression is due to an attempt to lure I
Kuropatkin into a trap. The situa- ;
tion really seems quite simple. Oyama.
adopting the most cautious method. !
has been fortifying, step by step, and |
never advancing unless he was able to '
reassure the absolute safety of his |
constantly lengthening lines of com- }
munication. He must have had enough j
difficulty in bringing up sufficient sup- '
plies and ammunition for his large !
army, which were depleted greatly at'
the battle of Liaoyang. If he had ;
bt en ready he would doubtless have '
tiken that advantage which belongs
in all ¦warfare to the aggressor, and
attacked Kuropatkin at Mukden. It is
o. point in Kuropatkin's favor that If \
he was ready a week from now there I
should be a . decisive . battle, and it is!
likely to occur at Uaoyang or on the j
Taitse River. '
"It does not matter much whether;
Kuropatkin has assumed the offensive *
upon orde.r3 from St. Petersburg or byj
his own desire: he has taken a tre- i
mendous risk, and it. is not for me to '
say whether he was justified or not. |
It is all very well enough to say that I
the Russian commander leaves his com- '
mupications open to attack, but only a •
very large force can adequately dis-{
turb such lines, as Kuropatkin pos- ¦>
sesses. I hear on good authority that he
has got men standing almost shoulder
to shoulder along the railway. I would
not be surprised if Kuropatkin. instead
cf continuing a frontal advance, should
launch the whole of his army against
General Kuroki's flanking force. It '
would be a bold stroke and precipitate •
a great struggle. Whatever, happens — |
whether Kuropatkin is allowed to
march comparatively unopposed to the ¦
Taitse River, where Oyama has been j
fortifying, or whether he diverts his ;
array in an endeavor to crush Kuroki— '
the' result -of .the present phase of the
Manchuria campaign means much, and f
perhaps is almost as vital to one side '
a.s to th« other." :
No fears,, are expressed in Japanese *
or British . military circles that Field :
Marshal Oyama, after carefully en
trenching Liaoyang. _will not be able to
hold the position that he captured.
er plays a foremost part in their plans.
In vietv of the approaching close of
navigation at Tinkow and of the fact
that the line at Pitzwo is long and
cumbersome and liable to interruption,
they must consider Fengwengchang
r.r-d Takushan as the source of sup
plies during the winter, and with this
::: view the eastern communications of
LJaoyang are of the utmost importance.
The Yentai triangle is admirably sit
uited to protect them. Field Marshal
Oyuma must therefore hold this tri
angle at a'l costs. The problem con
fronting General Kuropatkin in the
immediate future is the capture of the
fcrtified heights composing this trian
gle, where the Japanese will have the
advantage of fighting behind breast-
schedule following the Great Northern
Flyer. It is presumed that the Jour
nal was tampered with at Rugby.
During the summer a number of Rus
sians have been employed on the sec
tion crew at Towner. Some of them,
it is said, have disappeared. It is
known that the Russian and Japanese
Governments have had spies in this
country with a view of watching sus
picious shipments to the Orient.
The wreck did not materially injure
the steel work on the boats, but prac
tically destroyed the woodwork lo
czted over the front trucks of the car
so that it will have to be reconstructed.
The stee! material has been piled up
on one side.
Lockrrood of "Washington. D. C. and!
l!rs. Adlai Stevenson of Bl>oniington.
: formerly 'resident of the Daugh- !
ten :' tbe American Revolution, were)
iL~.-.r.g others -vho made adir e sses.
!=an FlamJseaani at the Farr.
57. LOU15. Oct. 11- — The fol'.owir.s
Bused Sen Franciscans ar« regis
tered at t~e »^n Francisco b'^ildir.g at
th« "Worlds Fair:
Sir. «L=_i Sbm. taKSb ?. S?<Kir Jr. Ti=f=s
E*--r. T. J. Bu*iy. £*•!*? E. PiiHipff. 5Iirr-=s
rrti-cx. ilr-. Quota U Bbodcs. H. J. Fri-?d
ariT. Slim. F W; McE-sr-ii. K. W. Jlt-
Eir?=. K. 3an. Tatar. L- I- L<o=5. 21"
?•. Yr=i»3S. SOn 1~ D. Pa»ttr. Dr. G. P.
*«*". E. 'JcTrtici. A. Litwria Toctc,
llr». AiTr-^i Hc:'tr Voertic*. TV. H. Hi=.:-
: -¦ ms.1 -rite. EIU Krcrrrr. SS. P. L<?=rs»a.
i!r.-. G. W. eir:-*r. ilrs. 31. E!Sbor>. M!?s
«"—-=-:- r-*itr. Hrf. Ui=...U H. Eryaa. EI!»
; -r. P. rti - A. P..»a- Mrs. Mabel i!c-
MsItORi O. B. For>. iliry C. FLaiej-. J»ii=i«
C Fi=I*t. Feser J. F".=-i->:--. Mrs. L. Ciarbsrsrh.
J£is* lia Ciaxtarst. S. Clajb-irrh. C. C Wfl.
:•». MrsL K. '^tart Eir.=a. P. Oark. Dcra. B.
War-i». El'?!ta. Da!, Rtr. F. Boctl. ilrs. Rir.
F E^-^r I'..-. JLT.l Kr>. A. E. BSv-ki^rtca.
Sbs. E. 3. <>»i-i. "V7. r. rili run. P.w. hu:«.
ilrs. A. A. Sec Misi Ux Sos, His» Elan>h«
?<=. iliss H*-li^. 5=<r3. 1ir». Perrv Seas*. Mrs.
Ncrrri- E:i««:t. J. D. Tr»s'.w»:! «sd wife, K.
E Cr-*e=- Mrs. T-. SL '^--**=. Xn M. M.
«^ic«r» ais? «.'c»-3. i!r. «r.i Mrt. S. G.
H:=*f. Wfujn F.rrr=-= a.zi wife; SasfcrJ F.
"^¦*i.er. C E- Ff-ai*=.h»is. C. P. OTWtca.
Mr». C. P. OrertoE, Clitic B. Voort:>^
M. Q. F*5«>7. <rhsr>s P. Fci^i*. C D. Hol
— ¦-. H. <>".a»T. Krnzr A. ifch!2!«r. H. C.
i: . I"t=»:i. H=^-» E. Frfketrt^ ilr». Hanr Sew
rf. TV. A. "^T. H-rbrrt B K=3«iaoc
RUSSIANS FORCE JAPANESE BUCK
TOKIO, Oct. 11.— The loss of the ar
mored gunboat Hei-Yen was announced
to-day and permission was granted by
the authorities to publish the details
of the disaster.^ The Hei-Yen struck a
mine off Pigeon Hay on the nicht of
September IS and foundered. With the
vessel 157 men went down. Two oetty
officers and two sailors manazed to
reach Chiaopai Island, from which they
were rescued. The Hei-Yen. which
was engaged in guard duty off Pisreon
Bay. was missed by ihe fleet and a
search for the vessel was immediately
begun.
The petty ofiicers and sailors found
on Chiaopai Island reported that at
dusk on September 15 a storm came up,
accompanied by high seas. The Hei-
Yen endeavored to return to her base,
when she suddenly struck a floating
mine, which exploded under her star
board side amidships. The vessel be
gan to sink and an attempt was made
to lower the boats. The boats were
swamped and the crew jumped into
the sea. where, owing to the heavy
combers, they were quickly drowned.
The Japanese fleet carefully searched
the patrolled locality, but failed to find
any other survivors.
An. official announcement of the dis
aster issued to-day says:
"It is highly regrettable that no re
port in any form has been received of
the fate of the other survivors. The sad
event was made worse on account of
the weather, which must have added
greatly to the already awful result
caused by the explosion of the mine."
Hei-Yen Go?s l>o\vn With Crew of 197
Men.
JIIXE SINKS GU.VBOAT.
FOP-STER KHAI> OF TKK DArCHTERS OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION A.VD "WIFE OF THE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR I
VICE PRESIDENT TVHO TEsTERDAY DELn EKED AN ADDRESS OX AMERICAN WOMEN DURING THE FOUNDING j
DAT CELEBBXTIOX OF THE OP.GANIZATIO: AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR.
sian naval o£cers have arrived here
and will investigate the Danish wa
ters before the passage of the fleet.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo., Oct. 11. —
E. Zeigler and L. A. Haynes. brake
men on the freight train which
crashed into a Missouri Pacific World's
Fair train near Warrensburg-. Mo.,
yesterday were arrested here to-day on
warrants charging them with stealing
$37 from the tody of a fellow brake
man named Seidel. who was killed. A
bloodstained railroad ticket, issued to
James England of. Dexter. Kans.. was
found in the pocket of one of the men
under arre«t. Zeigler and Haynes are
among tho«=e" accused by the Warrens
burg Coroner's jury as responsible for
the wreck.
BRAKKMKN UNDER ARREST.
Some of the jurors were in favor of
finding a true bill against the oCciais
because of neglect of duty ia failing to
observe the requirements of law as to
qualifications of members of precinct
boards. Others thought it better to re
turn a presentment, which would mean
that the District Attorney should Insti
tute prosecution and the case go
through the course of a preliminary ex
amination. But there were enough
jurors who were oposed to any such
action to prevent the step. The at
tendance was barely a quorum.
The effort to set the law la motion
against Messrs. Roberts. Voorsanger.
Devoto, LefSngwell and McGutre was
energetically urged by those who
thought there was ground to justify
the course, the Commissioners them
selves having admitted when called to
testify that they did not enforce the
statutory provision that election offi
cers must be taxpayers and residents
of the precincts in which they are ap
pcinted to serve. The opposition to
such a move was no less vigorous, and
the end was that the Grand Jurors be
came Involved in a discussion that be
came heated and brought proceedings
to a close suddenly. •
The jury spent the larger part of
the evening in taking testimony as to
alleged misconduct on the part of the
election officers in the Almshouse pre
cinct on primary day. Fairfax H.
Whelan. W. H. Hazell and Dan Fitz
gerald told how their challenges were
ignored and testified that the officers
let many men vote who, it was clearly
demonstrated, were not entitled to the
franchise. The following were the
members of the board and they all
were summoned before the Jury last
evening: Joseph Rebstock. John
Spargo, Fred Hancock. E. E. Whitney.
W. H. Abrams and J. W. Freeman.
The Grand Jury, called in special
session last evening to investigate elec
tion frauds, came to an abrupt ad
journment after midnight as a result of
a row that arose over an attempt to
indict the Election Commissioners.
Attempt to Indict Election
Commission Brings Their
Meetinsr to Sudden Close
GRIND JURORS
ENGAGE IN ROW
Rev. John Williams of Omaha
thought that if the deputy from North .
Carolina was correct in his argument |
as to the marriage vow. the church had
laws as loose as those of South Dakota. \
¦ Two • members announced that sinc-e ]
the San Francisco convention three |
years ago t£ev had been converted to |
the side of . those who. oppose the re- j
marriage of divorced iiersons. They ¦
were E. P. Bailey of Chicago and Rev. j
Dr. Samuel Ringgold of Knoxville. t
Tenn. The church, said Dr. Ringgold. i
has no power to unrnarry and should t
have none to remarry any one.
Rev. G. B. Van Waters of Portland. I
Or., in a fervent address declared that !
the divorce reformers of the church were
requiring more than Christ himself re
quired and that such a canon as the
majority report proposed would drive
persons to other denominations. He ad
vocated letting "well enough alone."
X. H. Battle of RaSeigh. N. C. an
other member of the committee,
thought that no civil court in America
should judge any one to be divorced
unles? the cause appears in the records
and declared that the breaking of a
vow or covenant taken in the marriage
ceremony by one of the principals frees
the other, according to the practice of
common law. He said there was noth
ing In the prayer book to prevent the
remarriage of the innocent person.
The Archbishoo of Canterbury was
present during the debate. The mem
bers of the House of Bishops, in their
individual capacity, have arranged to
present to the Archbishop a mammoth
silver loving cup.
Rev. Dr. Parks, speaking for the
minority members of thecommittee, said
the passage In the nineteenth chapter
of St. Matthew, touching upon mar
riage and divorce, was uncertain. He
thought the common conscience of
America would never accent any such
dictum as that presented in the ma
jority report and said that if a man
had an adulterous spouse no legisla
tion by the church would have any ef
fect in preventing his remarriage if he
so desired.
The committee on canons, of which
Rev. Dr. F. P. Davenport of Memphis,
Tenn.. is chairman, presented an
amendment to the present canon, for
bidding remarriage of any persons who
have been divorced. A minority report,
permitting the present canon to remain
as it is. with the exception of an added
provision for the presentation of court
evidence when an applicant for remar
riage appears before a clergyman, was
submitted by Rev. Dr. J. Lewis Parks
of New York and others.
|
BOSTON. Oct. 11.— A proposed change
in the canons of the Episcopal church, i
whereby clergymen are forbidden to re- ;
marry any person who has been di- 1
vorced. was discussed for two hours by !
the house of deputies at to-day'a se«-'
sion of the Episcopal General Conven- j
tlon. The house of deputies was elt- [
ting as ¦ committee of the whole and :
the consideration of the subject, re- 1
carded as one of the most important to'
come before the present convention, i
will be taken up from time to time un- !
til the matter is finally disrwsed of.
The present canon on marriage permits
the remarriage of the innocent person -
in a divorce suit wherein infidelity is
alleged. For some time there has been 5
a strong sentiment in the church that!
the clergy should not remarry even the :
innocent person.
WARREXSBURG. Mo., Oct. 1L— The
crew of the extra freight train, which
collided with the Missouri Pacific
World's Fair train yesterday, resulting
in the death of twenty-nine persons. Is
held responsible for the disaster by the
Coroner's jury, which returned a ver
dict to-night. The verdict charges the
crew with disobeying orders and with
being asleep at its post of duty. No
recommendation was made as to the
prosecution of the train crew.
County Prosecuting Attorney Morrc-w
said after the Inquest that he would
immediately begin the prosecution of
the persons charged with the respon
sibility of the wreck by the Coroner's
jury.
At the hearing this afternoon. En
gineer Horton of the extra freight ac
km/wledeed that he had mistaken train
No. 50 for the second section of No. 30.
He was positive that four trains east
bound had — *ss=rd and If he was asleep
at any time while the train was on the
siding he did not know of it.
"I was drowsy." he said, "but don't
think I was asleep. If I was asleep I
was sitting straight up in the cab of
my engine." •
Following is a list c-f the members of
the freight crew: John D. Horton,
Sedalia, engineer; J. W. Preston, Jef
ferson City? conductor; R. G. Dawson,
Sedalia. fireman- L. A. Haynes, E.
Zeigler, Jefferson City, brakeman.
Recommended at Episcopal
Conference That Law Be
Applied to Innocent Party
Engineer Horton Admits He
Was Drowsy and Says That
He May Have Slumbered
LONG DEBATE FOLLOWS
WILL BE PROSECUTED
Trainmen on the Freight
Blamed for the Terrible
Missouri Pacific Wreck
Bule Refusing Remarriage
to All Persons Legally
Separated Is Proposed
Undaunted by the difficulty of the
production. Mr. Lehar brings on the
children, gives them grown-up recita
tives, solos, with choruses for child
companions. Nor is it the Tivoli's way
to be abashed by a little thing of that
sort. The part of the boy Yanku was
sung and acted last night with an even
exquisite naturalness and feeling by
little Harold Forman. whose accom
plishments as a singer rank with those
of the best of the cast. Perhaps
Harold's best bit of acting was the
seriousness with which* he took Papa
Hartman's baritener. Eunice Gilman
was effective though theatrical- as
Suza. the quartet between the two and
Bessie Tannehill and Schuster being
one of the prettiest things of the even-
Ing. . .
Between the .prologue and the first
act twelve years have elapsed. Yanku,
who has left home to se*k his for
tunes as a mousetrap peddler, has be
come the prosperous assistant in a
hardware store and the prospective
son-in-law of its owner. Suza is still
a lowly maid, and comes to town to
seek her soldier lover and to take a
situation as servant girl with Yankus
employer. Miss Edith Mason returns
to take th* grown-up Suza" 3 Dart, and
very charming she is as the pie-tail<?d.
flaxen-haired, simple Dutch madchen.
Thomas H. Persse is th-? Yanku. and
brings a full, smooth and sweet tenor
and a highly agreeable personality to
the part. Kate Condon is cast as the
soldier lover, and looks, sings and acts
handsomely. Miss de Fellippe Is
clever as Tanku's sweetheart, and
Sirams is excellent as the father. Schus
ter's bass looms up nobly. Teddy Webb
has a lively moment, and Bessie Tan
nehill .contributes a capital sketch. But
Hartrnan. in a Hebrew make-uo that
would drive Barney Bernard to drink,
and with. the famous Hartman voice
doing the next thing to grand opera,
is the funniest thing there.
BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
Like a bit of Vienna looks the cor
ner of Eddy and Mason this week, -with
the "Der Rastelblnder" flaming; under
the Tlvoll sipn. Inside It Is still more
like Vienna, with the fascinating lilt
of Franz Lehar's music waltzing Into
the whistles.
We have had the honor of having
the American premiere cf **Der Rastel
blnder" this week, indeed of hearing
the first performance of the opera in
English. The makers or it grew tired
of hearing its praises tongued in noth
ing but French and German, and Rus
sian, and Italian, and so on. so sent
the opera over here. They probably
knew what they were about In letting
the Tivoll have It. If they did not. WE
know that "Der Rastelbinder's" chances
of American success are as two to one
with a Tivoli introduction. One is
quite sure of getting tte best of the
opera, and one may as well say here
that the best of "Der Rastelblnder" is
something to be grateful for.
Mere in the music than in the story,
though that is of refreshing qualntness.
lies the charm. Mr. Lehar's music is
the prettiest, liveliest, neatest trim
ming to a story made in Germany since
Strauss — who made his in Vienna, to
anticipate the hypercritic.
As with Strauss; Lehar's strength
lies in his waitzy tunes, and these have
the happiness to suggest only their
author. There are some er.chantlngly
pretty duets and trios so rhythmed and
at least half the audience rather
waltzed than walked out last night
humming and whistling the waits
finale.
The story, too strange not to be true
in its chief fact, concerns the betrothal
of two children, Tanku. aged 12. a
mousetrap peddler (rastelblnder). and
Suza. aged S. with the trouble conse
quent upon the two finding forgetful
ness and other loves during their twelve
years of separation. This child be
trothal among mousetrap peddlers La
Slavonia. it seems, is a custom and re
garded as only little less sacred than
marriage.
Daughters of the Revolution Assemble at St. Louis and
Celebrate Founding Day of Their Organization.
ST. IVDTJIS. Oct. 11.— In commemora
tion of th» fourt^nth anniversary of
the founding cf the Daughters of the
Arrericaa Revolution the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition manarem^nt des
ignated t"-<lay as "D. A. R. day." More
than £00 ir»r^b<=rs of the organization,
reinventing- every State chapter in the
TTnited Stat«=s. were pr^s^nt. Mrs.
Charles W. Fairbanks of Indianapolis,
president general, spoke r.n "The Work
ar*d Ideals cf a True Daughter of the
Americas Republic" Mrs. Mary A.
American Women at the Fair
CREW ASLEEP
ASSERTS JURY
STRICT CANON
ON DIVORCE
LEHAR'S MUSIC
CHARMING IN
RASTEL BINDER
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,''. OCTOBER 12, 1904.
3
ADVERTIgEMKX"^. ;
mj Cj\
V — wlm3n |
Cased Is various
styles, all :t karat
solid geld.
Reliable movements
Swiss.
All accurately tiraed
J Bohm-Brisiol Co.
Jewelers asd
Silt enzslZhs
0 II4-I1& Gearr Street y\ \
j
1__
LEADnCG BUSIXESS COLLEOE OP n>p
Ox-«r Zi Pest »t_ Saa FV*ec1»m. Cal_
Vt rt:e for ctrcdan (trcg). "»= t -
yclyteelale B o i j-
tett CcI2e?e and
'^•^^jp^^^^S^i »«erts*\ Oaklasd.
% cf Ssr*?!?'*
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT
The Wonderful Kidney. Lirer mad
Bladder Remedy.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY HAIL
Swamp-Root. d!seov«r*d by tlse emi-
nent k:<2aer and bU<!der specialist.
promptly cores kldaey. liver, bladder and
urtc ac!d troubles.
Some of th* «arly gycaptoras of wea*
k!dney« are pain or <Iull ache In th« back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, ner-
vousness, catarrh of the bladder. cr*v*l
or calcclt bloater. »a:io-ir complexion,
puffy or dark circles oader the »y*». sup-
presslon of nrtae. er conspelled to pass
water often day and night.
The mfld aad extraordlcary effect et
the world-famous kldaey remedy. Dr.
Kllraer's Swan:r>-Root Is soon r»allxed.
It stands the highest for Its wonderful
cares of the most distressing cases. It
you need a medicine you should have ti«
best.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney. Utct.
bladder or uric ac!d trouble yoa will Cad
It Jnst the remedy yea need.
Sold by dniff*ists i n fifty cetst asd
one dollar sizes. Toa may have a taz;^
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and
a pamphlet teat tells all about it. laelud-
izxs many of the thousands of letters re-
ceived from snlTerers cared, both sent
free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer & Co..
Binghaatoc X. Y . aad please b« sure to
mention that yoa read th!s generous of-
fer In The San Francisco Daily CalL
Don't make any mistake, but riasaSer
the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address. Blac^im-
ton. N. Y_ on ev»nr bottle.
' *— - - . ' APy-ERTISEMENTS.
More liberal than ever before, and prices cut to the lowest. We must double our sales before
the winter comes. We are making our building nine stories high, and all the upper floor Furni-
ture must be sold or stored right now. Here are a few offers :
$4.75E8AMtLEEDl^^; f W '1$™^]$ $22 ' 50 EXTENSION TABLE
hundreds of people bt*y; 4-4 aze • \& (0r^ j A highly polished, all qturter-uwed
igjgWZL'SSl. _j« a s rsffla j« £ jE-js^M^^. $15.00
¦SP „ M s«s3S£Ss£ s-srdsa £ , ¦ —
I . ojiOO ' n . g !.. A .. f.^^.^^v.s.-i sfm^.^jT^ JMl ij i ! I III 1 1 1 L^rrr?
dfc LEHISH BRUSSELS ******** $M0. value*. Here is one of the zttXlat *"
mahoR. fin- ««t two-tone colon ia Orientals aad floral* that yoa wffl "^^^ wire oattrea aad foMia* leVu To
™7^™ ****** -**.-***,** laid, for /5C 31S£3. s££l.. Tj 7c
to ~. '.gl.85 "•¦--•• ' -— J--I1" -.".' "il|^i "* *'" : "'¦"¦'" " •'••• frltfU
¦¦¦¦¦¦"" ¦¦MBMllllllBMillw'^.WIW^MIIBiyiWM' HI" III1IHIIIARRIVED. ;
' Tuesday,' Oct li. :
Stmr Sequoia, McClementi. 106 hours from'
Willapa Harbor. .
Stmr Maggie, Eagles. 4 hours from Half moon
Bay. ' -• '
Whaling schr Gotoma, Macomber, . 90 days
from Kurile Islands. : - \
Fr bark Margaret Mlrabaud, L* Trevdlc, 155
days from Swansea.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ;-
EUREKA — Arrived Oct 11-* Stmr ¦ Corona,
hence Oct 10; schr Azalea, from Redondo; stmr
Eureka, hence Oct 10. " . • v:
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 11— Schr Jessie
Minor, from Grays Harbor; schr Argus, from
¦ Ludlow. ¦ . ¦. ' r . • .
Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Bee, for San Francisco.
HADLOCK— Arrived Oct 11— Schr Admiral.
from -San Pedro. - ¦-.'.... :, • :
-Sailed Oct 11 — Schr Transit," for San' Fran
cisco. % ¦. v ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS. -
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 12— Stmr Octanlc
from Liverpool and Queenatown. •
MEMORANDUM. ,
Per schr. Gotoma, on Aug. 4, 40 miles SW,
off.~ Cape.'- Curat.\ saw a lot - of :' wreckage,
parts of ¦ vessel's mast and- a lot of clothing,
looked to be ¦ headless < bodies... and > a; lifeboat
tritto the name Kinshui Maru. ¦ - '¦ .- v-- r
BERKELEY, Oct. 11.— H. C. Kid
der, a local contractor, was run down
by a Southern Pacific train this morn
ing while crossing the track in fcls
vehicle at Center and Shattuck streets
His wagon was smashed and he had
a narrow escape from injury.
Collides With Train.
NATIVE.SON MINSTRELS.— Alameda, Oct.
11. — Because of the damage done to Armory
Hall Sunday night by flre, Halcyon Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden West, . will present
its minstrel show that was arranged for Friday
and . Saturday nights of this week at Armory
Hall, ' at the Macdonough Theater, Oakland, on
Thursday > and Friday evenings, - the 20th and
21st of this month.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BERKELEY, Oct 11.— Citizens of
South Berkeley last night appointed
the following committee to pr.epare
the constituion for an improvement
club: Dr. Rowley, E. J. Sittig, Al
lre<? T. Green, Dr. Ellis, H. D Irwin
and H. C. Bagot., The club is to be
permanently organized in Lorin Hall
next Monday night
To Organize Club.
BERKELEY, Oct. 11. — The Church
Federation has ' begun a canvass of
business houses - in ; an j attempt- to se
cure universal " Sunday,.. closing. Re
ports of progress were heard by the
Federation at a meeting in the Tnnity
Methodist Church last • night .
Close Stores on Sunday.
CANADIAN RAILWAYS UNITE
FOR PROTECTION OF LIFE
Illiterate, but Had Fortune.
PITTSFIELD, Mass., Oct 11.
Grove Hurlbur* one of the most re
markable characters in the Berkshires.
is dead at his home here. 'Hurlburt
was 84 years old. He could neither
read nor write, but amassed a fortune
estimated at $100,000 through shrewd
trading.
Will ¦ Adopt . Uniform Roles to Insure
Operation of Trains With' -
Greater Safety.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 11.— The
various railway companies of the Do
minion of Canada have agreed among
themselves in response to a circular
from the Railway Commission, to
draft a uniform \ set of rules to gov
ern the operation of trains. All roads
will be compelled to introduce block
safety systems wherever business- Is
heavy enough to make it necessary.
Automatic switching devices will • be
insisted upon, so that semaphores will
first denote danger before a switch-Is
opened. Hand and light will
be "made uniform on all roads, and a
.rule will be Introduced that; no train
hand shall work more than: a specified
number of hours each day, whether he
wants to or •¦ not. ; -'¦4£ftji3SPStfg§S2SHfe«B
GEISHA GIRLS "PREFER
N ' TO REMAIN * IN AMERICA
; ST. LOUIS. Oct. 11.— Seventeen
Japanese ".. geisha • girls locked ';¦ them
selves In their rooms at their board-:
ing-house when '- United States , Deputy
Marshals attempted ? to . remove them
in 'order 'that they,* might be, deported
at - the request of Commissioner Gen
eral V,Te jama. - -After < ah unsuccessful
attempt to remove the girls the United
States - Marshal ; : ordered , the ; ' house
placed under the guard of - his : depu
ties.* '¦'-' "X' ••: " '• '
TO STOP MARRIAGE. — Oakland, Oct. 11 —
The following letter was written by a worried
mother to County Clerk J. P. Cook to-day
"Marriage License Office — Kind Sir: I would
like to inform you that if my son, William
Bristol, ebould apply to your office for a mar
riage licence that he is 'not of zg*. and ask
you to refuse to give lt to him. He is only
18 years cf age and the sirl but 16. Her
same is Hannah Beach. I refuse to give my
conserrt to their marriage, because he Is not
able to support himself. 1 remain very respect
fully, A1ic« Bristol. M2 Minna street, Saa
Francisco."
BERKELEY, Oct 11. — The position
of secretary of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association in this city 'has been
formally tendered to Assistant Secre
tary Jackson of the association at
San Francisco. If he accepts, his sal
ary will be $1200 a year. An advisory
board, to act as flnacial backers of the
association, is to be organized at once.
New Secretary Wanted.
OAKLAND. Oct 11. — Joseph Leip
dger. a jeweler, has disappeared from
his home. 1718 Eleventh street ac
cording to the report lodged to-day
by his wife with the police. Mrs.
Lelpziger said her husband had gone
to Stockton on September. 29 on a
business trip and she had not heard
from him since his departure.
Jeweler Is Missinj*.
When the steamer floated three days
later a number of holes were found in
her bottom and she was obliged to
land all passengers on Seraya Island,
where they were left with . provisions
for ten days. The vessel was just able
to make Singapore, as she was leaking
badly, and will not be able to proceed
for some time.- . .
SINGAPORE, Oct 11. — Marooned
on a small island in the China Sea,
with provisions for only ten days, are
2260. coolies and four Europeans.
The steamship Swanley arrived here
to-day badly damaged and reported
that she was bound from Hongkong
for South Africa with 2260 coolies and
four European passengers aboard,
and that on October 3 she grounded
on Seraya Island, about seventy
miles south of the Nantuna Islands.'
THOUSANDS ON AN ISLAND
WITH SCANT PROVISIONS
Leaking Steamer Forced to Leave
Coolies at Small Place in the
. China Sea.
Other divorces were granted yester
day by Judge Graham to Eva J. Wear
from John H> Wear, desertion; by
Judge Sloss to Lillian Sochor from An
ton B. Sochor, cruelty; by Judge
Kerrigan to Nellie M. Williams from.
Oliver N. Williams, neglect; by Judxe
Troutt to Nellie Martin' from Harry
B. Martin, a postal clerk, cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed by
Emma Jane Foran against Wil
liam E. Foran. desertion; Edith
E. Jones against Jesse . H. Jones
desertion; Rosie J. Olwell against
William C. Olwell. neglect; James
C. Boyd against Annie Boyd, deser
tion; R. Daniel Parker against I.. A.
W. Parker, cruelty.'
Mary Ellen Langtry sued for an an
nulment of her marriage with George
F. M. Langtry, which occurred May
SO, 1901. at Reno. Nev. She says she
has learned that he has another wife
living, named Mabel F. Langtry. Two
children, are the Issue of Ihe unfortu
nate un'on.
A divorce with $50 a month alimony
was granted by Judge Graham yester
day by Mary F. Minaker, who charged
her husband. W. E. Minaker. with
crueltv. Her babe was with her. Min
aker Is a commission merchant, said
to have an Income of $400. He was
accused of assaulting: his wife two
weeks before the babe was born.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Horace C.
Parker, 33. and Jennie Hughes, 28
both of Oakland; Frank E. Rice'
over 21, and Anna M. Care, over 18*
both of Berkeley; Wallace E. Adams'
over 21, and Mary E. Cady, over 18*
both of Oakland; James Malone'
over 21, and Emma Wood, over 18
both of San Francisco; Alfred b!
Foreman, 24, San Francisco, and Mary
E. Bird. 26, Alameda; William E
Whitman, 47. San Francisco, and
Emma J. Vance, 52, Oakland; Wil
liam Haley* over 21. and Julia Altami
rano, over, 18. both of Livermore.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11. — Mayor War
ren Olnev has Informed the members
of the special committee on a muni
cipal water supply that the committee
will meet to-morrow afternoon at the
Mayor's office for a preliminary dis
cussion to outline the course of pro
cedure. All of the members have been
notified except James K. Moffitt. who
is absent from the city, but will : 3
turn Saturday.
Water Committee to Meet.
NAPA, Oct. 11. — In response to a
petition circulated throughout Napa
County the Board of Surjervisors to
day passed a strong* ordinance regu
lating saloons conducted outside cf
municipalities. -The new law provides
that the board alone shall have the
power to grant licenses, that patltions
for licenses shall be signed by at
least six out of ten of the freeholders
whose property is nearest the pro
posed saloon. A bond for $500 is to
accompany each petition to.guarantee
the quiet and orderly conduct of the
place. A license may be revoked oh
complaint before the board or by pe
tition of the voters from the precinc-t
There.have been no restrictions hith
erto on saloons outside municipalities.
Ordinance Is Passed Whereby Citi
zens Have Voice in Granting and
Revoking of Licenses".
NAPA SUPERVISORS WILL
REGULATE OUTSIDE SALOONS
DIVORCE AND ALIMOXY
FROM COMMISSION 31 AN
SALT LAKE CITY. Oct 11.— Mary
Burton, a 16-year-old school girl,
daughter of a prominent stockbroker,
is the victim of a serious assault by
an unknown man, who threw his arm
around the girl's neck 'from behind
and cut a gash four inches long in her
throat. The attack occurred on Main
street, between First and Second
South, in the busiest .part of the busi
ness district, and so sudden was the
attack on the girl, and so quietly was
the deed perpetrated that, although
the street was crowded, no one's atten
tion was attracted and the would-be
murderer escaped before the fright
ened girl could make an outcry.
She was helped to a. physician's of
fice, where it was necessary' to take
several stitches in the wound in her
throat. The police are absolutely at
sea. So far as known Miss Burton
never had a romance, has no enemies,
and the police are inclined to the be
lief that the knife was wielded by an
insane man.
Severely Wounded on a Business Thor
oughfare. Presumably by an
Insane Man.'
YOUNG GIRL IS STABBED
ON STREET IN SALT LAKE
OAKLAND, Oct. 11. — In, the hear
ing of the suit to stop the operations
of the garbage crematory Attorney
George W. Reed was one of the prin
cipal witnesses on behalf of the cre
matory people. He denied generally
that there was any smell from tlje
% works. Investigation made by him
failed to establish such a claim. John
O'Brien, an engineer at the works,
testified during his examination that
he had been offered $60 to testify
against his employers by a resident in
that neighborhood named Wilkins. The
hearing will go on to-morrow.
In Favor of Crematory.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Flirting can
be carried out in church to good ad
vantage, according to a statement is
sued by the Rev. M. B. Williams,
chairman of the committee on Sab
bath observance of the Rock River
conference of the Methodist Episcopal
church.
"There is no reason why young peo
ple should not cultivate each other's
acquaintance from behind hymn
books," declared Williams. "We" are
glad to have them come to church on
any pretext. Flirting is as good an
excuse as any. That is how I first be
came interested in the church."
Frivolity during religious service
was, he said, to be expected of Amer
icans. But that some good was ac
complished even under these condi
tions, he declared, ' was indisputable.
"The expectation of 'seeing a young
woman home' has brought many a
boy to church for the first time," he
said. "Amid the lovemaklng there is
a chance for the religious influence to
steal in." ,
Says There Is Chance for Religious
Influence to Steal in Amid
Lovemaklng.
PASTOR SPEAKS IN FAVOR
OF FLIRTING IN CHURCH
BERKELEY, Oct. 11. — The drying
house and sulphuric acid reducing
plant of the San Francisco Chemical
Works .at Fleming Point were de
stroyed by fire last night. The loss
is $10,000. The buildings burned will
be reconstructed at once.
. . __
Chemical Works Burn.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 11. — Resolutions
favoring the movement for the adop
tion of a freeholders' charter for this
city have been passed by the execu
tive committee of the Alameda Ad
vancement APsociation and the fol
lowing have been named as a com
mittee to urge the matter before the
City Trustees and to act with a like
committee from the West End Im
provement Association: Charles S.
ICeal, George H. Mastick and Philip
S. Teller. It is planned to have the
charter framed and submitted to the
voters in time to bring the same be
fore the next Legislature.
Alamrda Wants New Charter.
He had crossed the plains to the
West in 1848.- and after having trav
eled all ov6r Europe he came to live
upon the little ranch he had acquired
near Highlands. His last child, a son,
was killed at the storming of Peking,
and the old man is now without kith
or kin. Undaunted, however, he has
finished sixty-four chapters of a book
entitled "Jew and Gentile," which he
proposes to publish at an early date.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 11.—
John Barton Ward, an old man ad
mitted as a patient to the County
Hospital to-day to undergo a surgi
cal operation for an ailment of the
spine, has a history as a soldier and
litterateur. He was born In Rochester,
N. Y., eighty-one years ago. In 1861
he was made secretary to Consul Mor
ton at Constantinoble, and when that
official was recalled Ward retained
his Dosition under General Lew Wal
lace.
He helped Wallace gather the
data for "Ben Hur," writing much of
the first Trnrt o£ the book. He was
placed at the head of the Palestine
survey project in 1866, taking an ac
tive part in the work of correcting the
map of Palestine, and the work is still
known as the Ward survey. Later he
became an adjutant under the Egyp
tian Khedive, just before the fall of
Khartoum.
Old Man With Interesting History Is
Admitted to San Bernardino
County Hospital.
SAYS HE WROTE PART OP
"BEN IIUR" FOR WALLACE
Speeches were made by Varney Qas
kill. John P. Cook, J. Cal. Ewing
Judge Henry Melvin and others dur
ing the consideration of plans for the
work of the organization, and the
general situation was elucidated.
Over fifty names were secured of
men who promised to go on all three
of the trips, and it is promised to swell
this number to three times this size
Ly next Monday night.
In response to a notification of his
election as honorary member of the
club, the following reply was read
from President Roosevelt:
WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON, Oct 5
1004— My Dear Sir: your letter of September
30 has been received and the President thanks
you and your associates for the compliment
paid him in his election as. an honorary mem
ber of your organization. Conveying to you
the President" s appreciation of your courtesy
I am very truly yours,
WILLIAM LOEB,
ii"' •-'«'. «-'-L: Secretary to the President.
Mr. H. P. Travers, Secretary Republican Al
liance, Oakland, Cal.
A finance committee was appointed,
consisting of V. W. Gaskill, F. E.
Brigham. and R. J. Boyer and the
members all being present, agreed to
set to work immediately for the pur
pose of securing funds. A campaign
committee was also appointed, consist
ing of the following members: J. P.
Cook, chairman; Varney Gaskill, H. P.
Travers, Alexander Marx, John Stet
son. F. K. Mott, John Mitchell, H. C.
Capwell, JGeorgeH. Mason, P. W. Bel
lingall, N. A. Koser.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11. — With promise
of victory for the national and State
ticket the Republican Alliance of Ala
meda County reorganized itself- last
night by the election of Judge Henry
Melvin as president of the organiza
tion and Dr. H. P. Travers secretary.
The alliance determined to make three
trips during the coming campaign, one
to Sart Jose to aid the candidacy of
Congressman Hayes, one to Santa
Rosa, and another to Sacramento to
aid in the election of Duncan E. Mc-
Kinlay for Congress in the Second
Congressional District.
Oakland's Crack Organization Plans
to Do Good Work.
During the session of the grand
body the work in the three degrees
will be exemplified before the repre
sentatives. The second or fellowcraft
degree will be presented by Pacific
Lodge to-morrow night.
The Masonic Veterans* Association
will hold a meeting in the temple to
morrow afternoon for the purpose of
electing officers for the ensuing term.
This session will be a very interest
ing one, as probably more business
will be transacted before its close than
has ever before been disposed of by
that body.
The only business transacted yester
day was the presentation of the re
ports of the grand officers, all of which
were referred, with the exception of
that of the grand master, which was
read. This shows a good increase in
the order during the past twelve
months "and a corresponding increase
in finances. He makes a number of
recommendations for the good of the
craft.
The Grand Lodge of the Free and
Masons of California met
yesterday, i n the Masonic Temple, in
fifty-fourth annual communication for
the transaction of such business as
may be brought before it. The grand
body has. this year, nearly 600 repre
sentatives, delegates from 291 lodges
in this State and in Hawaii. The fol
lowing are the present elective officers
of the grand body: Charles "W. Nut
ting, grand master; George W. Hunter
deputy grand master; Motley H. Flint!
grand senior, and Edward H. Hart,
grand junior warden; Edward Cole
man, grand treasurer; George John
son, grand secretary; William H. Ed
wards, grand chaplain, and Rev. Ja
cob Nieto, grand orator. These and
the appointed officers were all present.
The grand body was opened In an
cient Masonic form, and before the
roll call there was an invocation by
the grand chaplain.
Report of the Grand Master Shows
Good Increase in Membership
and in Finances.
california grand lodge's
Annual, communication
?AL.LJAXCE WILL TRAVEL).
Several theater parties witnessed the first
performance of '.In the Palace of the King"
at Ye Liberty last "night, the A. W^ Burrells
entertaining a party of eight. :Th« Walter Kel
loggs were also of a party. ,
Mrs. * James Ray McKee was the guest of
honor at a pleasant affair to-day at the home
of her hostess, Mrs. Arthur Crellin. The other
guests were: Miss Rose Kales, Miss Ruth
Kales Miss Alice Knowles, Miss Ruth
Knowles, Miss Jane Crellin. Miss Ethel Crel-
Un, Miss Else Schilling, .Miss Lucretla Burn
ham, Miss Stone of Berkeley, Miss Edna Orr,
Miss Besate Fillmore, Miss Irene Bangs, Miss
Edith Beck, Miss Coogan. , Miss Isabella Ken
dall. , "
A stag dinner was given by Dan Belden last
Saturday evening for Wlgginton Creed, the
others guests being Walter Starr, Harry St.
Lawrence Farr, Roland Oliver, William Q.
Cooks and Dr. Percy Gasklll.
As usual, the Kbell luncheon to-day was a
brilliant success, and. as one has grown to. ex-'
pect when Mrs. James G. .Allen has. the pro
gramme in charge, the music was. more than
ordinarily good. Miss Elizabeth Simpson, a
new-comer in Oakland, was heard in two fine
Liszt numbers, "Lleberstraum, No. 3" and
"Valse Impromptu." ? Mrs. • A. E. . Nash,, who
has a very pretty voice, sang two German
rnngs, the "Heimweh." by Hugo Wolf, Intro
duced to us by Schumann- Heink, and "Im
Herbst," by Joaeph Franz. Miss Clara Lewya
of San Francisco has a very pleasing contralto,
and her delightful selections to-day were en
thusiastically received. Her numbers were
"The Blind Girl's Song" from "Giaconda" and
"A Fairy Love Song," by Charles Wllleby.
Mrs. John F. Swift wan a guest to-day, and
her charming reminiscences of the internation
al conclave at Berlin, which she attended, were
given in the inimitable fashion for which she
has long been noted. She had much pralae for
the German women. "They were," she said, ;
"splendid talkers — I couldn't understand a
word they said, but I know they were good
talkers."
Besides Mrs. Swift the other club guests to
day were Mrs. J. J. Hanna, Columbua; Mrs.
G. W. Bunnell, president Oakland Club; Mrs.
S. C. Borland, president Civic Improvement
Club; Mrs. J. D. Browne; Mrs. B. S. Noyes.
Mrs. L. A. Kelly. Mrs. E. B. Beck, Mrs. H.
Panborn, Mrs. Bucholtz, Mrs. Norrls Hub
bard, Mrs. Prussia, Mrs. ' McLaughlin, Mrs.
Colby. Mrs. Hutchlnson ; Mrs. A. M. Goodhue,
Long Beach; Mrs. A. W. Bills, Wisconsin; Mrs.
KasterbrcM,k, Mrs. G. Schammell, Mrs. Meehan,
Mrs. George Sperry. Mrs. Cacl Rause, Mrs.
Dora Stevens, Ms. Head, Mrs. Percy Walker,
Mrs. WlUard. Mrs. A. L. Harris. Mra Merrltt,
Mrs. Benjamin- Bangs, Mrs. J. Burnett, San
Francisco; Mrs. Caskle, Dayton, Ohio; Mrs.
Evans, Belvedere; Mrs. Giles Easton, San
Francleco; Mrs. Lyman. San Francisco; Mrs.
Brittain. San Carlos; Mlas Elsie Syle, Miss
Clirt, Mrs. D. Milton, Miss Luella May Mor
gan; Mrs. J. W. Off, Lbs Angeles; Mrs. I. L.
Flood, San Francisco; Mrs. Henry Bergsteln;
Mrs. Butler, Los Angeles. - '
Mrs. T. C. Coogan was chief hostess to-day,
assisted by Mrs. H. P. Carlton, Mrs. S. B.
Cheek. Mrs. W A. Chllds. Mrs. B. B. Claw
non, Mrs. Fred L. Button, Dr. Carrie Cole, Mrs.
A. W. Burrell, Mrs. L. S. Burchard, Mrs. S.
W. Cbubbuck, Mins Adah Brown, Mrs. C. H.
Capwell, Mrs. Fred M. Colby, Mrs. .William
Clift. Mrs. Arthur Brown, Mrs. W. H. Church,
Mrs. J. R. Burnham, Mrs. S. W. Burtchaell,
Mm. - W. H. Chlckering, Mrs. I. M. Condlt,
Mrs.'F. G. Conklin, Mrs. J. T. Carothers, Miss
Clow, Mrs. Melvin Chaprran.
i • • • . '
• The "bachelors' ball" in San Francisco is al
ways the smartest event of the year. Have
we no.Ned Greenways here capable of engineer
ing a like affair? Like the Chinaman in "The
Tenderfoot," echo answers, "Sure, Mike:"
There are "Buu" Havens, Fred Dieckmann,
Stanley Moore, George Walker, Walter Lei
mert, Roland Oliver. Premiss Selby and dozens
of other young bachelors, to say nothing of the
recently married men who have not yet out
grown the pleasures of a cotillon.' So look
alive, boys, and give us something that will be
worth while and 'hat will make up for lost
opportunities. - • . .
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— As the dancing clubs
are organized for the season and social activity
becomes more pronounced, a fact that has been
evident these many winters thrusts Itself
again into view. It is the women of Oakland
who do things, not the men. "Week after week
during the season the bachelors are enter
tained, frequently In an elaborate manner. In
the many delightful homes of this city, and I
have yet to chronicle the first event that
seemed in any way a return for all thiB hospi
tality. Theater parties are invariably given by
the same people who entertain at home, and it
is the "patronesses" who make the cotillons
successful.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
*„ u v^ omen s Art Association of the uni
lllt xv J t0 , Klve lt9 flrst noonday concert
next Wednesday at Hearst Hall.
Dr. C M. Blake of the mathematical de
partment has resigned to accept the professor
ship of mathematics at the University of Ari
zona. He has lectured here for four years
BERKELEY. Oct. 11.— Dr. Bullot has re
signed his position of assistant to Dr. Loeb
in the physiological research laboratory. He
has not announced his plans for the future.
An Audubon club is to be formed next Sat
urday evening: under the direction of Professor
stu^'of 'wUnSSi! Wl " * tO encoura « e th «
vSwr^lJ*'* a speclallat at the
at thl , " f .P 1^ 3 *". was recently a guest
at tht " nlver8 "y- He has been experimenting
\i«Z Carnegie desert laboratory in Arizona.
~.i.i * ¦ Ma J"tol!s, associate professor of Se
rahi.h^ 1^ 8 , at the university, has just
5sr Jf t f, , book en U tle<1 "The Theological
Aspect of-Keformed Judaism."
bonk e^ BUsh Club haa decId «d to publish a
book commemorating the anniversary of the
£ , 1 *y i l vol T uni « ot -Occident." It will be
Issued in January, 1005.
ho T^til rS 4if nlo r as8e "»Wy of the year Is to
pto.iH . nesday even in«t at Hearst Hall.
President Wheeler having granted the use of
MEN IN DEMAND.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
In a complaint filed to-day in a di
vorce action Ysabelle Page makes
complaint that Jose Page deserted her
two months after they were married.
She has waited five years for him to
relent and come back to her, but has
now taken the necessary steps to have
the marriage dissolved.
George W. Minifie, a house mover,
was granted a divorce to-day from
Fannie M. Minifie on the ground of
desertion. They had been married
fourteen years and have three chil
dren. The eldest son was awarded to
the father, while the other two were
given to the mother.
Mrs. Orton, who is only 19 years of
age, yielded to the importunities of
Orton and ran away to San Rafael
with him, where they were married.
They returned to San Francisco and
went to the Cocmopolitan Hotel to live
and three weeks later Orton told her
he had a mother and sister to support
and left her. She stated she was left
penniless, and was granted a decree
on the grounds of desertion and will
ful neglect.
Two young women told the courts
to-day how they -had been deserted by
their husbands. Edna V. Orton was
granted an interlocutory decree of di
vorce to-day by Ogden from
Carroll J. Orton, who deserted her
three weeks after they had plighted
their troth. In granting the decree
Judge Ogden stated" that it was one
of the most heartless cases that had
ever come before him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
N 1016 Broadway, Oct. 11.
The Kinshui Maru was a Japanese
steamer that plied between Japanese
and Chinese ports, and it is barely pos
sible that she may have had an en
counter with a Russian warship before
succumbing to the elements.
Some hours later, when .the gale had
subsided, the Gotama picked up a life
boat with the, name Kinshut lettered
on her bow. In the boat were five oars,
a number of life preservers and some
castoff clothing.
The little whaling schooner Gotama,
Captain Macombe, came Into port
last night- thirty-six days from the
Island of Kuril off the coast of Korea.
The Gotama brings a story of an ocean
disaster that while meager In its de
tails is sufficiently complete to cause
shivers of horrors to those unused to
ocean tragedies.
On August 1, according to th« report
of Captain Macombe, the Gotama,
while fighting her way through a heavy
gale, encountered a mass of wreckage
from some large ship.
Shortly after the first wreckage, the
master of the Gotama says he saw a
large number of what appeared to be
headless bodies floating in the water.
Owing to the heavy seas and high wind
he was unable to rescue any of the
supposed corpses, but from what he
saw he was satisfied that there were no
survivors of the wrecked vessel.
Councilman Howard, criticizing the
Miller proposition, said he feared that
there was no assurance of a contin
uity of supply. He also suggested that
the city would have to be very careful
not to. run against any Supreme Court
decisions touching the acquisition of
percolating waters.
Miller called attention to the similar
ity of his project to that of Council
man George W. Dornin. except that the
Miller proposition called for the invest
ment of private capital, while Dornin
proposed the city should operate di
rectly. An engineers' rough estimate
fixed the cost of the Miller plan at
$3,450,000. He has asked for a round
$4,000,000 to cover all contingencies and
a contractor's reasonable profit. After
adjournment Dornin said that if the
City Council should adjpt Miller's pro
posal he -would assign the option be
holds on artesian lands to Miller.
Miller explained that he should fol
low, the plan of piping submitted by
City Engineer F. C. Turner, which calls
for a system capable of handling 20,
000.000 gallons a day, with 5.000,000 gal
lons additional in case of fire. Miller
added that his project included supply-
Ing the city with 8000 meters and 500,
00&. feet of service pipe, sufficient to
connect three-fifths of th£; buildings in
Oakland.
My opinion la that the Kilea Cone, so-called.
Is the best and most available source of water
supply for the city of Oakland.
LJKES NILES CONE.
If the city shall accept the proposition it Is
to enter into a contract with me to call a bend
election. If the bonds carry I shall furnish a
suitable bond and guarantee to develop 12,000.
000 gallons a day. If after fifteen day* test
of the wells under municipal supervision that
amount of water is obtained, the construction
of the plant is to begin. The city is to pay 75
per cent of the monthly value of the work done
as it progresses. When the plant is completed
the city -must agree to take possession and for
one year to pump the wells. During that
year the city will retain $750,000 of the con
tract price to ' Insure the permanency of the
supply. If the. supply shall fall to any extent
during the year the contractor shall further
develop the plant until the guaranteed^ mini
mum Is obtained. I agree to protect ths city
to the extent of $50,000 expenses In event of
litigation. The capitalists who are Interested
in this project have been assured that there is
no legal bar against them, so far as taking
the water from the district is concerned.
Responding to an Invitation to out
line his proposition Miller said:
I propose to develop walls In the artesian
district in the southern portion of Alameda
County; to establish necessary, pipelines, pump
ing plant, reservoirs and distributing system
in the city of Oakland sufficient to supply at
least 12,000,000 gallons of water a day, or to
give a population of 160, 000 sufficient water,
on a basis of 73 gallons a day per capita, for
all purposes. The plant la to be absolutely
complete. I propose to deed 450 acres of land
to the city.
The. City Council', to-night requested
M. K. Miller to submit a statement of
his n proposition to develop a supply of
12,000,000 gallons of water a day, and to
Install a complete- system for a muni
cipal water works to' cost th« city
$4,000,000.
This action. followed the presentation
of Miller's plan to the Council.
. Miller, in reply - to questions from
Councilman Cuvellier, said on thi9 sub
ject: _ -
A . development of wells in th« City*! area
would supply a considerable quantity of water.
A sufficient quantity might be developed to
serve as an auxiliary to some other plant. la
my original report on thia subject I said that
a supply for the immediate needs of the city
might be obtained, but. In view of th« growth
of the city, it might not be advisable to depend
entirely on thia source.
MmLER EXPLAINS.
Oakland Office: San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 11.
Mrs. Isabel C. Barrows, mother of the
gifted young woman who was to stacre
"AJax," denies vehemently that the
postponement is due to her daughter's
illness*. She said to-night: "An injus
tice is done my daughter when it is
made to appear that she is responsible
for the failure to carry out the original
programme In this matter. She is ill.
it is true, with a severe cold, but the
performance was not postponed on
that account. It could have been srlven
on Thursday as well as as
far as she is concerned. We were told,
however, that the weather conditions
were so changing and uncertain that it
would be best to defer the production."
Professor Edward Clapp of the Greek
department does not enter into a con
test with. Mrs. Barrows on the point at
Issue, contenting himself by saying
that a postponement was advisable and
that M.iss Barrows is not. to appear; to
direct the performance on the stage. '
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Oct. 11.
Bliss Mabel May Barrows, who for
nine weeks has superintended the re
hearsals at the university for a mem
orable production of the Greek drama
"AJax," announced to-day that she
is not to appear in the production aa
an actress, nor to direct it from the
stage as originally planned. Illness
is given as the reason for her with
drawal from the undertaking. Inci- '
dentally, the performance is to be post
poned from Thursday to Saturday.
Miss Barrows was to have appeared
as Tecmessa, wife of AJax. Her di- j
rection of the sta,ge effects and speak- j
ing parts was expected to make the
entire performance notable, because of
the experience and skill she would brine
to the task. Her career as a direct
ress of similar performances, under
conditions that gave her unique fame,
was to be supplemented by a triumph
in the fine Greek Theater at the State
University.
There will be no such climax to her
career, for it is positively declared by
all concerned, both the young women
and the university authorities, that she
will have no part in the "Ajax" produc
tion, either as actress, or stage direct
ress.
Official announcement was made bv
the university authorities this after
noon that the "Ajax" performance will
be postponed from next Thursday aft
ernoon to next Saturday morning. The
announcement reads, "Owing to the
serious illness of Miss Barrows." etc..
etc.
"This younger and prettier woman
has cheated me of my lawful husband,"
was her lament. "I am his legal wife
and have been trying to compel him to
receive me back in my proper place."
Ampearo has known the woman for
many years, but he says her claims are
groundless. Her trial was set for Oct
ober 19. •
The complainant is a rather attrac
tive young woman about 25 years old
and she asserts that fihe can easily
prove her right to bear Ampearo's
name. The other one Is not far from
40 years old and was in a state of ex
treme nervousness when she appeared
before Police Judge Mortimer Smith.
Her story dates from October, 1S94,
when, she asserts, she became Am
pearo's contract wife at Pleasanton.
Oakland Offlc« San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. lL
Two women, Mrs. Bessie Ampearo, a
lodging-house keeper at 1216 Clay
6treet, and Mrs. Kjerstln* Jaeobsen,
aJso claiming the name of Ampearo,
faced each other to-day In the Police
Court, rival claimants to lawful wife
hood with J. B. Ampearo, an engineer.
Each woman was strenuous in her dec
larations. Each was on the verge of
hysteria and one of them, Mrs. Jacob
sen-Ampearo, was borne fainting from
the court room after a trying Bcene.
The rivals were present as prosecutor
and defendant. Mrs. Bessie Ampearo
had caused the other's arrest on a
charge of disturbing the peace. She
declared that the woman accused had
pone to the Clay street home and had
annoyed the landlady by persisting in
her demands to be recognized as Am
pearo's spouse. Bhe had loitered about
the place, gathering flowers and other
wise comporting herself as the mistress
of the dwelling until the other woman
had sent for the police, who arrested
the visitor. Ampearo, to whom appeal
was made for ball, denied the claims
of the unwelcome caller and refused to
have anything to do with her.
The Ampearo couple insist that the
woman Is demented. Mrs. . Bessie Am
pearo tearfully declared that her an
noyer had tried six months ago in San
Francisco to take her belongings to
their home and the annoyer's arrest
followed. The Ampearos said they
tied from San Francisco to Oakland In
an effort to escape the attentions of
the persistent woman. But she was a
nemesis on their trail and bobbed up
with her unceasing pleas for recogni
tion.
Says She Has Been Pursued
From City to City With a
Persistence That Worries
Tsabelle Page, Whose Hus
band Tired of Her in Two
Months, Seeks a Decree
Japanese Steamer Einshui
Mam .Evidently Victim of
Storm or Russian Shells
Underground Source in the
City's Area Not Deemed
Sufficient for the Need
Announcement Regarding
Cause of Delay Denied
by Young Woman's Mother
Candidates for public office are prone to
give utterance to a fertility of promises com
monly followed by a corresponding lack of ful.
flllment. I am making no promises, but feel
that I owe It to the people to define myself
upon a few matters of interest. Let me eay<
that I ara.a Callfornlan, and If elected no
opportunity will I more gladly welcome than
After ' traveling through three counties 'of
the Third Congressional District and speaking
nightly to audiences in many cases made-up
of strangers, it is pleasant to be home once
more. It was the people of this city that first
honored ma with public office and to whose
continued support I am indebted for the dis
tinction I enjoy as the nominee of my party
for Congress. I feel gratified and nattered
with the treatment that has been accorded me.
This is the flrat time that a Congressional
nominee has hailed from this city and if
elected it will be through no lack of "effort on
my part if I fail to make good. Hon. Victor
H. Metcalf has set a high standard for this
district, and no one realizes that fact more
than I do.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 11.— Hon. Joseph K.
Knowland, Republican nominee for
Congress in the Third District, was
given an ovation to-night in Enclnal
Hall on the occasion of his first home
address during the campaign. His fel
low townsmen crowded the building.
The candidate was Introduced by Chair
man George H. Payne and was forced
to bow to an enthusiastic applause for
five minutes. When the cheering sub
sided and Mr. Knowland could make
himself heard he said in part:
TICKS' UP A LIFEBOAT
PRODUCTION POSTPONED
Mr. Bates asserted that he was abid
ing by his record in the Assembly and
pledged himself if re-elected to oppose
any measure tending to bring about
the annexation of this city to Oakland.
Mr. Brusie's address was of a general
nature, interspersed with political an
ecdotes that pleased the audience.
Captain . M. W. Simpson," candidate
for State Senator from the Fourteenth
District ; J. Clem Bates, candidate for the
Assembly from the Forty-seventh Dis
trict, and Judson C. Brusie were the
other speakers. Captain Simpson in the
course of his remarks said:
This is not a campaign of education. . There
are no issues as In former campaigns on which
the public ;might be enlightened. Business men
and others/, are in closer touch now with poll
tics than In times gone by and they know
what policies and men they want. This Is a
campaign of men rather than lsauea. and there
is no doubt that the man who bears the Re
publican standard and who never turned his
back, oa friend or foe will be chosen to direct
the affairs of our Government for another four
years. . ¦
that of being: able to render some serrle. to
this great commonwealth. I pledge my actlv*
support to the Improvement of Oakland har
bor. .Alameda la Just as much Interested In
that Improvement as is Oakland. I bellere in
the enactment of more stringent immigration
laws. The American people welcome the
thrifty immigrant, but we must keep out th«
class which does not assimilate with our In
stitutions and which subverts our laws and
degrades the standard of American labor.
ELIMINATES A PROJECT
OXB HAS OTHER JAILED
IS GEAXTED A DIVOECE
Whaling Schooner Gotaina
Sails Through Mass of
Wreckage and Corpses
Two Women Assert That the
Same Man Is Their Le
gally Married Husband
Requests Engineer to Sub
mit a Detailed Proposal
to Furnish Water Supply
Miss Mabel Hay Barrows
Not to Appear in Greek
Play at the University
Young Girl Who Eloped
With Carroll J. Orton Is
Cast Aside in Three Weeks
Popular Congressional Choice Meets
With an Enthusiastic Wel
come at Alameda.
COUNCIL HEARS
MILLER'S PLAN
KNOWLAND OPENS CAMPAIGN
IN HIS HOME TOWN:
SUDDEN CHANGE
IN "AJAX" CAST
HEARTLESS MAN
DESERTS BRIDE
MAKE RIVAL
CLAIM AS WIFE
BRINGS TALE
OF DISASTER
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 12, 1904.
RAILROAD GIVEN MORE TIME.—Oak
land, Oct. 11. — The Oakland Traction Consol
idated baa been granted thirty days', extension
of time to ¦ complete the construction at the
n.w Web.ter-.tr~t railway.
STUDENTS WILL DEBATE.— Alameda Oct.
11.— Arrangements are being made for a debate
between a team of students from the Alameda
Hl«h School and the San Jose High School to
be held at the Girls' High School. San Fran
cisco, next month. The- subject selected U
CSS^VH that ., the Un »«l State* should pro:
hlblt. by fore* lLj>eeessary,"the acquisition ot
territory on the American continent by Euro
pean powers." The Alameda High School will
be represented, by Frank- O'Brien Roswc'l
Daarue and Jerome Polltxer.^wlth Miss Mabel
Uelnger as substitute.
4
jr^^^^J^^^ ¦ - - ¦¦¦'•
BM IF[if^8lSe& Is tbe J°J of the h ousehold, for withont
fgll jgsf yRl 7 no h a Ppi ness can be complete. How
&*& l@y rf &9 «weet the picture of mother and babe,
,"^"" fB^Sr B angels smile at and commend tho
mm R jg^ IB thoughts and aspirations of the mother
If fjll li gfia |V bendmg over the cradle. The ordeal through
H? I il ll n H It whic k. tiie ex P« ct ant mother must pass, how.
W H Ha ever ' * s *° * u^ °^ <* an g er and suffering that
' she looks forward to the hour when she shall
feel the exquisite thrill of motherhood with indescribable dread and
fear. Every woman should know that the danger, pain and horror
of child-birth can be entirely avoided by the use of Mother's Friend,
a scientific liniment for external use only, which toughens and renders
pliable all _ the parts, and _^ _^ -^^ '
assists nature in its sublime Eg| Bgi ml "W 31 B El W^ W&k 1 s^h
work. By its aid thousands §|g§ 1 1 I [ j WM MU iM? J &J*
of women have passed this |W|kJ ft [II I VC Wm. llJCT
great crisis in perfect safety ¦¦ ¦" ¦ » 1b ISB H m
and without pain. Sold at $x.oo per ffSBRBH El BPf Pjl S fiffiEa
bottle by druggists. Our book of priceless 117 {OP 0 t £7 WjJM II
value to all women sent free. Address IP Wm 6 JsP Hw f I t\
BRAD FIELD REGULATOR Q(i m AUeMm. Ba, U O ll H &»Hll ftlf
FREE — . FREE— FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
— ¦ CREPE PAPER
' — SETS -r — —
—Consisting of
TABLECLOTH,"
12 NAPKINS,
12 DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
. Could Be More Desirable -.
or Serviceable. <•;
;•-:• A SET 7REE -
, /WITH .WANT ADS.
IN; THE SUNDAYXALL. -'¦:.
See , announcement on .' classi- '
fied P a E e «$||i||Mi|i
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
Sufferers from
DYSPEPSIA
cannot only find relief, but an absolute
cure from this distressing trouble by uiing
/jr " tf
In order to prove that this absolutely
harmless remedy cures ' catarrhal in-
flammation of the stomach, I will scad
TRIAL SIZE BOTTLE FREE
on receipt of 3$ cents to pay postage.
Glycozone sot only relieves, but
it cures.
Is this it differs from what yon may
have used.
Sold by Weeding drug fists.
'•¦e itcmuJ ¦ e wlLhMt tmj mtguMttuf, '
>«~v apsaM
«1O Princ. Su. N«w York.
>«< (« In. BNklit •!•* b tut litMW,*STEREOPTICON SERVICES — Special st*r
eopticon services are belnr held every evening
this week at the Fourth Congregation*!
Church, Green street, near Stockton. They ar«
conducted by th« Rev. W. J. Speers. The pub
lic is Invited. * v •
LONDON, Oct. 11. — Lord Milner has
resigned the high commissionership o£
South Africa on account of ill health,
brought about by the prolonged strain
in grappling with the situation, which
is daily becoming more difficult, owing;
to the financial and racial troubles of
the country.
111 Health and Strain of Difficult Situa
tion Prompt Action of Hl-h
Commissioner.
LORD jnLNER RESIGNS
POST IN SOUTH AFRICA
EFFORTS TO EXTINGUISH
FIRE PARTLY SUCCESSFUL
BERNE, Oct. 11. — Dr. E. I. Vogel.
a lawyer and secretary of r the Swiss
legation at Berlin, has been appointed
Minister to the United Staes.
New Swiss Minister. Named.
PORTLAND, Oct. 11. — On account
of excessive freight offering for ship
ment o the Orient, the steamship
Chingwo of the China Commercial
Line, has been' chartered as an extra
steamer by the Portland and Asiatic
Company., The Chitigwo will reach
Portland about October 22 from < Sa
linas Cruz. -. \ '
Vessel of Rival Line Chartered.
James Means' Shoes for men, the best
In America for the price. All middle
men's profits cut out. Sold from factory
to wearer by James Means $2.60 and
$3.00 Shoe Store, 16 Fourth street. •
MILWAUKEE, Wis... Oct. 11. — The
will of the late Postmaster General
Henry C. Payne was filed for probate
to-day. The estate is . estimated at
$700,000, of which $600,000. is personal
property and $100,000 real estate. It
is left in trust chiefly. for the benefit
of his wife, Mrs. Lydia Payne,. and his
sister, Mrs. Imogene P. . Cameron.
There are a number of minor bequests.
PAYNE'S ESTATE WORTH
SEVEN HUNDRED THOUSAND
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— Since last
night more than three-quarters of an
inch of rain has fallen in this city, and
throughout the valley, and the weath
er this afternoon is showery.
Heavy Rain at- San Jose.
HOLLISTER, Oct. 11. — Half an inch
of rain fell here last night, making
2.56 inches for the season. The rain
is a great benefit to the stockmen, as
the feed has got a sufficient start so
that it will not die. Farmers are also
benefited and are commencing to plow.
Rain Benefits Stockmen.
PHOENIX, A. T., Oct. 11. — During
the last twenty hours eleven west
bound Santa Fe overland trains com
ing from El Paso via the Southern Pa
cific passed through Phoenix to Ash
Fork, where they take the Santa Fe
main line again. Three more are ex
pected to-morrow morning.
Trains Now Getting Through.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11. — The storm of
the last few days has greatly damaged
the late crops of . the valley. The
greatest loss will fall on the grape
crop. Table grapes on the vines are
practically ruined, as the rains have
rendered the bulk of them unfit for
shipment. /Tomatoes, beans and ber
ries have been injured to an extent
that may mean a heavy loss.
Most of the hay is under cover, but
the portion left out of doors will ae
spoiled. The rainfall for twenty-four
hours ending at noon to-day was .92
of an Inch, making 4.93 inches for the
season to date. Last year at this time
only .18 of an inch had fallen.
Rain Damages Fruit, Hay and Vege
tables in Santa Clara Valley.
LATE CROPS SUFFER.
SANTA MARIA, Oct. 11.— It has
been raining at intervals every day.for
the past week, with no signs of a
clearing. The persistent dampness has
ruined about three-fourths the entire
bean crop, resulting in a loss of several
hundred thousand dollars. However,
the rain is not without its blessing.
Soaking Has Put Soil in Best Condi
tion for Fourteen Years.
RAIN CARRIES A BLESSING.
Legislation is recommended increas
ing the allowance to expert riflemen
and marksmen at the , rate "respective
ly of $3, $2 and $1 per month during
each year they qualify.
An increase in the allowance for
commutation for quarters of officers
is recommended.
"A major general's commutation al
lowance of $72," says the paymaster
general, "would not pay the rent of a
modern fiat in any large city, and a
conveniently located and suitable
house would be entirely out of the
question. There is no possibility that
an officer of any grade with a family
can rent a suitable house in such
places as New York, Washington, Chi
cago or San Francisco fox the amount
of his commutation."
"Much complaint has been made by
company commanders of the practice
of money lenders, especially in San
Francisco, who it is believed not only
lean on the security of their deposit
books, but He in wait for them when
discharged, and confiscate or extort
a large percentage of. what is due them
from the Government. The evil is a
crying one, and clearly akin to that
which exists in any large seaport,
where seamen are stripped of their
hard-earned money by boarding-house
runners and touts. If the deposit book
can be made without value in case of
such use, it will be of benefit to the
service as well as to the soldier."
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11. — Brigadier
General F. S. Dodge, paymaster gen
eral of the army, in his annual report,
recommends legislation, if possible, to
the end that soldiers' deposit books
should not be sold, pledged, assigned
or transferred except after a discharge
and when accompanied by the soldier's
final statement, and that such disposi
tion shall be made a military offense
for which the soldier may be retained
in the service for trial. He recom
mends that the possession of a soldier's
deposit bok by any person as security
for a loan to the soldier during the
period of his service shall worK a for
feiture of such deposits. The paymas
ter general says:
The Government will perfect an appeal-Im
mediately In the Benson case, and under the
order of Juris** Lacombe Benson will be held
under ball to await the result of the appeal.
The 'appeal in the Hyde-Dimonil case will
be pressed to a hearing by the Government at
the earliest date possible berore the Supreme
Court of the United , State*, and the decision
of the court will be conclusive- In both caeca.
The questions decided In the Benson case and
in the Hyde-Dlmond case are not involved In
the Orescn land fraud cases, and these de
cisions, therefore, have no bearing whatever
upon them.
Immediately thereafter the defendants, Hyde
and Dimond, sued out a writ of habeas corpus
before the Circuit Court for the Ninth Circuit
of the United States, W. W. Morrow presid
ing, and that court, after full argument and
with the opinions of Judfre Lacombe and Judge
de Haven before it, held that the facts ren
dered by Judse Lacombe and narrated in the
same Indictment, do constitute an offense
against the United States under that statute,
and refused to discharge the prisoners, and the
defendants Hyde and' Dimond thereupon per
fected an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
Untt'd States and that appeal Is now pending.
Judpe Lacombe had entered his order, dis
charging Benson, and the Government there
upon concluded to petition for a rehearing in
that case, and Judge Lacorr.be simply declined
to grant the rehearing and adhered to hi» orig
inal opinion, with the suggestion that the best
way to settle the differences of view between
himself and the two United States Judges In
California i« to permit the appellate court to
determine the question. ¦
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11. — Secretary
Hitchcock made the following state
ment to-day in connection with the
disposition of the Benson land fraud
case in New York:
The action of Judne Lacombe of New York
yesterday, in refusing to grant a rehearing
upon his original decision In the Benson case,
does not materially affect the position or in
terest* of the Government In the California
land fraud cases. Alter Judge Lacombe ren
dered his original decision, discharging Ben
eon upon habeas corpus on the ground that
the facts narrated In the Indictment do not
constitute an offense against the United States
under section 5440 of the Revised Statutes of
the United States, the United States District
Court for the Northern District of California,
John J. de Haven presiding, after full argu
ment on the question and with Judge La
combe's CDinlon before it. decided that tho
lac-ts referred to by Judge Lacombe and nar
rated In the same Indictment, do constitute an
offense against the United states under that
statute, and granted a warrant of removal as
against lien&Gn'a co-defendants, Hyde and Dl
rr.ond. who had been arrested In San Fran
cisco.
There has not been a good soaking
of the ground since 1890. and present
indications are that the soil will be in
better condition for next year's crops
than for fourteen years past. These
early rains sprout the weeds, which,
being plowed under, will also help
to produce cleaner grain and beans
than the average. Feed is abundant,
being from six to ten inches high.
Government to Press Appeal
to Determine Status of
Case Against Millionaire
Paymaster o f Army Suggests
Legislation to End Prac
tices of- Money Sharks
WOULD PROTECT
SOLDIERS' COIN
JOHN A. BENSON
NOT YET FREE
SALINAS, Oct. 11. — Since October 7,
when the present storm began, the
rain has been falling intermittently un
til this morning about 2 o'clock when
it became continuous. Duriijg four
hours .76 of an inch fell, bringing the
season's precipitation up to 2.89 inches
as against .19 on the same date last
,year. Grass is growing rapidly every
where, but the damage to the sugar
beet crop unless Qie storm abates will
1 be considerable. Owing to the rain
\ making beet harvesting impossible the
big sugar factory near here is running
only on half time.
Rain at Salinas Threatens Beets With
Heavy Dama«»e.
BAD FOR SUGAR CROPS.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11.— The wed
ding of Miss Fay Jackson and Rudolph
W. Van Norden, which will take place
in the Congregational church in this
city to-morrow evening, will be the
most interesting social event here of
this season. The bride is a tall and
handsome society belle and the groom
is a popular young business man.
The bride will be attended by Miss
Miley Pope of this city, as maid of
honor, and Miss Alma Heitman, Miss
The ceremony will be performed by
Rev. Charles Miel of the Episcopal
church, assisted by Dr. Charles Van
Norden, father of the groom. The
music for the occasion will be some
thing of a novelty. During the cere
mony the McNeill Club, with thirty
male voices, accompanied by an orches
tra and the organ, will sing selections
from the third act of "Lohengrin."
Nellie Uren. Miss Jean Moraghan of
San Francisco, and her cousin. Miss
Jessie Arterburn of Chicago, as brides
maids.
Miss Fay Jackson Is to Wed
R. Van Nor den at Capital.
FAIR SACRAMENTO GIRL. WHOSE WEDDING TO-DAY AT THE STATE CAP
ITAL. TO A WELL-KNOWN YOUNG MAN WILL BE ONE OF THE SMART
EST SOCIAL AFFAIRS OF THE SEASON.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 11.— While
Charles W. Walton, the 18-year-old
San Francisco boy in jail awaiting
trial for holding up a street car, played
.his mandolin to drown the sounds, the
other prisoners in the County Jail last
night sawed through the bars of their
cells. The riot was to send Martin
V. Leasia, who awaits the decision of
the Supreme Court on a murder
charge, to the telephone. • He was to
open the door of the jailer's room.
Leasia was allowed to use the tele
phone by Jailer Grafton, who was then
told of the plot to murder him. A Dep
uty Sheriff entered the jail at that mo
ment, and together they made an in
vestigation. John Sullivan, in jail for
highway robbery, was declared to be
the ringleader. After all the prison
ers had apparently been overpowered
Sullivan made a desperate attack
upon the jailer, whose hand was
broken in the hand to hand fight
which followed.
San Francisco Boy Aids in Desperate
Attempt to Break Out of Port
land Jail.
PJjAYS MANDOIilX WHIIjE
CliLLMATKS SAW BARS
The trip undertaken by the Mur
rnys was almost an impossibility, as
the snow had obliterated all trails and
there was no feed for the horses. The
children stood the journey well, but
ilurray and his wife presented a
frig-htl'ul spectacle. Their lips were
swollen and they could hardly talk.
Their ears and noses were frostbitten
and the skin had peeled off. The
horses, in going along the trails, had
eaten the hair from each other's tails
in trying to satisfy their desire for
food.
A relief expedition of eight men has
left Badger for the scene, but has not
been heard from.
FRESXO, Oct. 11. — Famished and
nearly frozen to death -with a five
days' trip from the middle fork of
Kings River to Camp Badger, Walter
Murray, his wife and two children
have just arrived to bring the news of
Murray's brother's sickness and to ask
for medical aid. The brother and his
father are without food and the sick
man lies at death's door with typhoid
fever.
Winiam Murray and His Family
Travel Five Days Through Snow
Seeking Medical Aid.
MAKE PERILOUS JOURXEIl
TO SAVE BROTHER'S WFE
At San Marcial, N. M., eight houses
have been washed away and the town
is threatened. No lives have been
reported lost.
EL PASO, Tex., Oct. 11. — The flood
situation is improving but little. The
Southern Pacific is now able to run
trains through to California ,and the
Rock Island expects to get their trains
through to-morrow to the north. The
Mexican Central will also have trains
through by to-morrow. The Santa Fe
got two trains into El Paso last night,
but later washouts north of Rincon
tied up the line again.
There is a shorage of provisions in
El Paso and several other towns in
this section. Silver City will hardly
get train communication before a
week and arrangements are being
made to bring in supplies.
'At Fort Bayard, N. M., the 'depot
was washed away and in it the safe
of the station agent, containing more
than a thousand dollars, much of it
the savings of the people in that sec
tion. Later the safe was found in an
arroyo, where it had been cracked and
robbed.
Texas Towns Begin to Feel the Effect
of Isolation.
SHORT OF PROVISIONS.
VENTURA, Oct. 11. — Lima beans are
gilt-edge property Just now and a lot
of Ventura farmers are going to make
fortunes this season. Llmas have
Jumped from $3 50 before the rain to
four cents per pound. To-day San
Franciscans procured two carloads at
the latter figure.
When It Is considered that lima rais
ing will pay at two and a half cents, it
will be readily seen where the farmers
will profit. The advance, which, It, is
said, will be still greater, is brought
about by the fact that a threatened
short crop has been still further re
duced by the recent rains catching in
the fields one- fifth of the crop un
threshed, much of which will be ruined.
The moving picture exhibition,
showing scenes In Portugal and the
Arore Islands, which was postponed
last night on account of the rain, was
given to-night at Third and B streets.
A vaudeville entertainment at the
opera-house was enjoyed by many.
The streets, which were brilliantly
illuminated, were crowded with people
and the members of the order are more
than pleased with the fine programme
prepared for their entertainment by
the local council.
The change of the ¦weather brought
many members of the order and their
families to San Rafael this afternoon.
The various committees were on hand
to escort them to the halL
SAItf RAFAEL. Oct. IL— The Su
preme Council of the U.' P. B. C met
this morning at Cochraao Hall. The
principal business of the conference
was the nominating of supreme officers
for the ensuing year. The. election was
held this evening, with result as fol
lows: Supreme president, Manuel
Fraga; supreme vice president, L. A.
Enos; supreme secretary, L. S. Mar
tins; supreme treasurer, J. J. Mattos,
and supreme directors, F. J. Lemos, A.
M. Martins, A. J. Pinhero and B. T.
Brata.
Ep«cUl EMxpatcb t» Tt« *>n
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Unseasonable Moisture Sends
Prices Soaring and Growers
Expect to Make Fortunes
When the Weather Changes
for the Better Additional
Visitors Pour Into Town
MANY NEW ARRIVALS
RAIN CAUSES ADVANCE
Ventura Farmers Will Bene
fit Kichly by the Increased
Worth of Their Crops
Portuguese Convention at
San Rafael Holds Mom
ing and Evening Sessions
MONEY GALORE
IN LIMA BEANS
COUNCIL ELECTS
NEW OFFICERS
WILL BE FAIREST
BRIDE OF SEASON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 190J.
ROME, Oct. 11. — The Pope has been,
requested by the governments of Bra
zil and Bolivia to allow Mgr. Tonti.
the papal nuncio at Rio de Janeiro, to
act as president of an arbitration tri
bunal for the settlement of territorial
questions between the two countries.
Papal Nuncio as Arbitrator.
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitter* re
moves uric acid from the system by dis
solving the uric acid formation. •••
Beaver Hill Mine Ajjain Hermetically
Scaled and Danser Said to
Be Past.
PORTLAND, Ore., Oct. 11. — A spe
cial to the Oregonian from Marsh
fields, Ore., says:
The Spreckels mine at Beaver Hill,
which took fire on Friday last, was
opened yesterday after being hermet
ically sealed for eighty-seven hours.
Efforts to put out the fire met with
only partial success and the main en
trance was again sealed up.
When the mine will again be opened
is not known. It is confidently an
nounced that the danger is past. The
mine is valued at $1,000,000.
5
ADVEKTISE3IENTS.
ON THE SAFETY OF OVER-
EATING.
The Rule of Choosing the Ijesscr of
Two Evils Applies to the
Way You Eat.
I want to knew how a man is to
know when he has had enough.
The Pilgrim Fathers, I believe, had
a quaint saying to the effect th-* you
should always rise from the table feel-
ing: as if you could eat some more.
But the question is, hew much more?
Just when to stop?
That's the point.
The rule is wrong, because it is no
rule at all.
It is inexact and unscientific
It is likily to lead to the dangerous
habit of eating too 1I **'e.
And eating too little — or digesting too
little, which amounts to the same thing
—ia the cause of nine-tenths -f the dis-
?"apes from which humanity suffers to-
day.
What is disease?
It is simply uneven balance between
waste and repair.
Borne organ lacks strength to carry
on the special work for which it was
created.
Where shall it find the strength it
lacks?
In crugs?
Ten thousand times, N'O!
Better die than become a hopeless
drug fiend.
No; in food.
"But," you say. "I eat a plenty ot
pood food every day!"
True, dear friend; but you don't dl-
cest lt.
And food, undigested. Is mere poi-
son.
Bo, to make food do you good, you
must take Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
The great thing about Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets is that their action does
cot depend upon stimulative druggery.
They cannot create a habit-
They contain no ingredients to "pick
you up," "tone up your nervous sys-
tem" ot furnish whip energy, by calling
out your vital reserve force.
They create new strength, force and
energy — out of jour food.
If taken starving, they will do you
no good at all.
So, eat to live and live to eat with
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
The curse of our present civilization
Is exhaustion.
And exhaustion, whether of brain,
nerves, physical strength or vital force,
is caused by starvation.
Of two evils, it is better to overeat
'and prevent indigestion with Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets) than to rise from
the table not having eaten enough to
repair the exhaustion of your vital
forces.
For exhaustion or starvation leads to
the most varied forms of s'ekness or
disease, brought on by inability of the
weakened vitality to counteract the
disease— poisons and microbes.
"Whereas, the well-fed and well-nour-
ished person, withc-ut ever feeling the
worse for it, can expose himself, to dan-
pers. the mere thought of which would
drive the weak, starveling dyspeptic
!nto a nanSc fit.
Good Vood. well digested, is the great
secret of a healthful existence here on
earth.
So eat heartily, every day. of the best
food you can get and regulate the
r working of your digestive machinery
with Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
As a result, you will be astonished to
find how much stronger and livelier you
feel, how much more and better work
you can do, how much more pleasure
you will get out of life and how your"
old enemy, that chronic trouble which
has fastened upon your weak spot,
wherever it is. will up and away and
pver after leave you In peace, health
and comfort.
There's more truth than poetry In all
this.
Try it oncet / j i
THE EMPORIUM. [ THE EMPORIUM. |^ THE EMPORIUM.
It*********** ************* ***************** ********************** ************>!
I A Carload ef Gray Enamel Ware on Sale |
I About One-Third Less Regular Prices *
» The best double-coated gray enameled ware (not the seconds that -^
Jf some stores offer when they have a special sale of kitchen ware). 5
jf 14-quart Dish Pans, teg- a-quart' Coffee or Tea * - pint core red Tea I a - quart Rics or MUk I ii-qt. Praerring Kettle*, "5
If ularly 75c, for this sale Por, regularly 50c, for S tea men, regularly I Boilers, regularly $1. 00, I reg. $1.00, (ot.QQo X
*, ....... .S7O 37O 40c, for ... 28 C I for 66O | 14-q:. Jcettls. . . .86 O £
s • •• ¦ 3i
* 5-quart Tea Kctt'e, 3-quart Sauce Pan, regn- 3. quart Milk Pins, $oe, 3-^nart conrex Since n J^ - inch W*»h *
5 new shape, re?u- l "'r 35*. fci . .24-O instead of 25c each, Pan » wit l> "-rer and Basia ree *cceach «
jtf 4-quart Pudd : ng Pare, regularly 30c, for 20O 6-qsart, size of above, regularly 6?c, each 4Qn 5
K 8-quart Bail Pot or Kttt e, regularly 85c, for . B9O «, • , t «l
J 4-^uirt stra: g bt »idc handled and corcrcd Sauce Pan, instead of 50c, 8 - < l u " t « •¦« ofabore, regularly S 5 c, each. 64C >C
fif each ¦ 34c Wai Soap Dishes, with drainer, regularly 25c, r»Ie price. . .IQo '5
§ 1 *
j Sale of Embroideries 25c &~%Bgx flmfr ***»#£">«<> G1 szs* *
i And Laces 11c Yard Saae UmOrellaS $1.58 j
S Corset cover embroideries, 16 inches wide, at less /^^MR^^j^csfi Worth up to S3. SO •*
*£ than half the regular prices. These cmbroid- /^- i -^^??^^' This will be thi most important umbrella «lc **
5 cries arc worked on a fine qua.ity of cambric, come J W' Wfl »f«he«ea«on. We had to boy an immense £
» • . , • , . ,*j t- ' i quantity tj secure them to sell at this price. '5
J in a variety ot charming new patterns, and have (J . JJ The corerings are the most srrriceable that ?
8? different widths of headings on the border to run « /ijgSH^. 3?7 can be put on an ttmfarella » durable Union '%
J£ ribbons through. They are worth 50c and 75c the ft ®P **<F?{ )\ Taffeta, guaranteed fast black. The «*
If yard, and you will be delighted and surprised with (| Ui amM f re J * ad 8 . ! ilrt f J p "»8 on . ™* J
ft * . 1 •• • . . . 11 fi _£ M oeil $:ecl r0 « "d w '"» th: easy raisine and «
g tne bargain you are getting when you *$J-_ Hjl | XfiSgL closing bulb runner,. There L a hundrea 3
J buy them to-day for £a*M%* |1|i f%TJ My different styles of handle, in the lot, every 'J
j; 35 dillercnt patterns 0! imitation Duchess and Point de MM £1 E*i£ SftSu Z°l£l %
If Paris Laces, m some ot the newest and most desir. Bj&|f3 JS mounted with silver and gold; genuine gun "5
J ab.e designs — good wash laces for trimming under- ' w *' Wl1 ¦* metal,' p!ain and silver mounted, fine se- Jf
Jj" wear, and any sort .of waih material. Some of the wide and lected horn handles, straight and curved, etc., etc. For the men '*
» pretty patterns are also u:ed for s'eeve trimrn'ng. Widths 5 to fancy wood handles, African horn, trimmed with silver and gold «
_. 8 inch::, va'ued up to 40c tbe yard, on sale to-day ag < mounting?, etc., etc. Choice cf the entire big jff* & *j» &% }%
£ .".••• '. BUG lot tc-day and Thuriday d/fl*3O *
i 1 ¦ — s
$ Mew Style 24-inch Silk Flossy Groceries - Liquors %
$ AcCOrdSOn Pleated GUShlOnS 2SC Wednesday and Thursday %
*£ U#ofc#c <SM nn rhe quality slightly inferior to our Eastern Bacon — Best . tugar cared, -J
K !TnL- i ac-TK rcgli!ar cushion$ ' bnt the " mc that Dicc and lean * lb - • • • 16$ic £
J^ ' SnBrfS 9Oi 75 other stores are offering a: special R oya i Baking Powder — »-it>. tins 'ft
I The W, W -A di ,, in « jWi t , for !" 25C I
J im'.l; accordion pleated and shirred Tapestry Cushion Covers- ru . ne ' caeal or < " ate d * $
$ yoke cashmere waist, in solid Ori J en " 1 "?"• sd oa " rner 5 O/lo r P * T gC * * * * ~. * * ,' ~ £
6 J . ..... . rcadv for the cushion, each . . JSMJG SoaD — Lennox or Diamond C, 1 7 .5
ft co.ors — black, white, navy, brown , / r-n '#
* , . j r --^_--N^-v--^---^_--^-w-^^^-^--^-^w--, bars 50c %
» or tan; are shown here to-day for 7 j '.-..«. /^-xei ****** «J
% the first time; a style exclusive Sate 35C HM* 5QC( ConccnU-alcd Sovps-Gnffin s extra,. g
%? ., t,, t? ' , •_-.-_ __ __ \ *v. O. M., Campbells or Andcr- X
* with The Emporium: a waist that D£if*%w TV»»*c f £»#» 1 » j A p . __ «
5 you would deem cheap at S 5 -°o. ™ iOW T °P S 15 ° \ s ° n J <*«« Sffo/ 3.tm, 25 O 3
f marked to introduce at £4.00 TwCDty ° F mOfC smaI1 1<>tS Wt ?rlll* Bans- Extra, z tins . 25o J
tk WmUU from previous sales aggregat- ) Jesse MoorcAA Whisky— Bot. fi/ C *
v New Accordion Pleated SKirts — j ng many hnndreds handsome ) Domestic Porter — Extra quality. £
I Very dressy garments, in a lu.l line piUovT tops that were or ; g inally \ $1.O5 *
J of desirable colorings, including 8old up t0 5<JC cach; floral de _ ( Cc dar Run Bovrbon WhbKiei— Gai. •{
black; they are made very full, s!gni> conventional patterns, pretty \ ion $2.15 5
ti accordion pleated and shirred tops. heads, smokers, football subjects, Stan- V *** Martell Brandy — Bottle . . . $1,45 3
6 p; n . H.n,;.,,, V^r. ?«,. «*#«* em ford and California University designs, ( Table Wines — Cabernet, Sauterne or Chablh. '&
a rinc nenrietta VOl.e, tor. lithographed tops, etc., #.£¦» ) extra quality, gallon Q2o - 1 *
fif Good quality Brilliantines, for. . etc., all at the one price, fl ) Imported Sherry — Duff Gordon, bot. 7So "«
**, &£S TtS to-day to close . ... \ Peerless Cocktails — Whisky, Manhattan or «
% • 7 * 1 i: } I Vermouth, bot 7So 3
I Four Great Big Specials Some Very Pretty $1.25 |
f In Staple Toilet Articles Eiderdown Sacques 83c %
>/ Coke'S Dandrvl! Cure— The regular $1 size, for . Too had, but there are only about 20 d«en of these all-woo:
H Dr. Charles' Flesh Food— — —^—^— —^—^— - eiderdown sacques to sell at tb/t , jg
% The regular 50c size, *^^^^ >Q^ "1? 7 , *£ V 7 - V^ J 3
» ° . o# JfJ * '& made, neatly bound in satin, «J
* Dr. Gnvt%- Tooih Powder- &^/rfJP i^O%^f/^fT/ IJlJrff »» d "l»boa tic at neck; the X
£ The 25c s"ze, for. . . tOo M M M MfrflS colors are Kght and dark blue*. !€
»* Kirk's Rose Soap — Mis: drug- CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- * - nmr"— M r 5 ds > P>nk?, tans, old rose asd 5
4 gists sell at 20c the cake, ¦ 111 1 mHHilHTTiTBlW 1 '"" "' sale pries to-dar, _ _ "5
ft here for JQc ""*" «^^£» a * a^^AMERICA-S GRANDEST STORE O n!y . . ' S3C 1%
*»; ' J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL
For To-Day and Thursday Only.
..MiNK..
Four-in-Hands
$15.00 $ir.5o
$20.00
The Biggest. Bargains Ever Offered
in San Francisco.
DOHT FORGET OUB NUMBEB.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Duck Season Opens on the 15th I
o Save your carvers — do not try to carve the bones of a a
8 duck^ — use the new Duck Shears; cuts the bones of a m r
B duck with ease. We have them for $2.75 up. Also indi- %
A vidual carvers, for the cutting of the more delicate parts, ja
A some as low as 50c a pair. Duck Press, with which you 1
A can squeeze all the highly flavored gravy out of the bird, a
S All like the above illustVations, on display in our Silver- B
¦ I "a <y ry _-i «a» *> CITXXPR fiTT ** VSixth race, seven furlongs— Norl won 3o
sette eecond. Patsy Brown third. Time, 'l:27.
Fourth race, one mile— Bombardier won. Otto
Etifel second. Exclamation third. Time 1-40U
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs— Fustlati
won. Robin Hood second. W. R. Condon third,
xinse, 1 :o* .
Second race, seven furlongs — Buccleuth won.
Haviland *econd. Florlzal third. Time 1-27%
Third race, one and an elrtth miles— Bugle
Horn won. Flans "Wagner second. Sweet Tone
third. Time. 1:54.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Luretta
won. Percy second, Tyrolean third. Time,
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 11.— Elmridge racing
remits:
Bombardier Wins in Good Time.
The regular monthly meeting of the
board of managers of the Pacific Ath
letic Association will be held on Fri
day night in Judge Fritz's courtroom
in the Hall of Justice. It is expected
the proposed secession of the oarsmen
and other important matters will be
discussed. -V. : . ."
Athletic Association Meeting.
BERKELEY, Oct. 11.— Jared E.
Allen is to be captain of the freshman
football team, according to semi
official announcements made this af
ternoon. He was practically selected
for the position by the authorities a
week ago, although the choice may
not be formally ratified before Friday,
twenty-four hours before the inter
collegiate game.
. Allen came from the Riverside
High School, where he gained valu
able experience as a player. He has
done some good work at center for the
freshman team.
The team had secret practice in
the gymnasium last night. Its . hard
work on the field is over. The ' re
mainder of the time between now and
Saturday will be spent in perfecting
plays and learning the signals.
ALLEN WILL CAPTAIN
• THE BERKELEY FRESHMEN
2:09 class, trotting, purse. $1500, two In
three (unfinished) — Robert Me won 'the third
heat in 2:13%. Marlon Wilkes won the second
heat In 2:14%. John Taylor won the first heat
In 2:13i4. Llsonjero. Vlda, Hlghwood. Judge
Green, Jim Ferry and Luna also started.
2:08 class, pacing, purse $1200, three In
five — Kins Direct won the second, third and
fourth heats in 2:1114. 2:12H. 2:12. Ash Rose
won the first h«at in 2:12. Pinchem Wilkes,
Dr. Madera, Personette, Dry Monopole, Red
Tell, Muskeed K Gentry and ¦ Bub Oreil also
started. .
Unfinished 2:16 trotting, purse $1000. three
in five — Millard Sanders won the second, third
and fifth heats in 2:12, 2:11%, 2:18%. Main
land won the first and fourth heats in 2:14V4
2:12U. Bell C, Mies Klnney, .Free Silver, Al
tonette. Circus Girl and Cologne also started.
The McDowell, four-year-old trotting, value
S3000, three in five — Tom Aaworthy won the
nrst heat in 2:14. Lady Pauline and Oak Blos
som distanced.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 11.— Tom
Axworthy, a prohibitive favorite, cap
tured the McDowell stake for four
year-old trotters, worth $3000, in the
first heat of the three-heat race. By
distancing the other two horses he
took first, second and third money.. It
was a feature never before accom
plished in a stake race on the Lexing
ton track. The 2:09 class trotting was
unfinished on account of darkness. Re
sults:
Stakes, Shutting: Out His Two Op
ponents in Opening Heat.
Tom Axworthy Captures the McDowell
Bixth race, six furlongs, selling — My Jane
100. Triumvir 100. Cyprienne 10S. Mary Mc-
CRfferty 105. Foxmcad 106. Marco 105. Good
man 105. Paul 105, Determination 105. Mohican
106. Martius 10S. Jackfull 110, Lady Free
Knight 110. Sad Sam 113. Tam CShanter 115,
Benmora 118. . •'* '
Fourth race, one mile and twenty yards,
handicap — Glorlosa 90. Singing Master 85,
L*jrallghter 98, Huzzah 100, Ethylene 100, Fon
soluca 100. Spencerian 104, Port Royal 105,
Prince Ellverwlngs 107. Bad News 123.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, purse — Singing
Matter 99, Mlngore 99, Postman 104, Gregor
K 104. Fossil 104 Coruscate 104, Mansard 104,
Mlfss Crawford 104. Stroller 109. Floral King
107 Estrada Palma 107.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, the
Oaklawn Stakes^ — Miss Jordan 107, The Belle
107, Exalted 110. Gold Enamel 110. Monte 110.
Sllverskln 110. Subtle 110. L«dy Savoy 115,
Flaxman 121. Kurtzmann 126.
Second race, one mile and a hundred yards,
selling — Arab 100, Easy Trade 101, D. L,. Moore
101, Scortlc 101, Gllfain 101. Harry Preston
105. Frivol 105 Mr. Farnum 106, King's Court
10G, Jlngler 108, Frank M 100, Harney 108,
Ben Chance 108, Scotsman 110, Thane 110.
First race, flv e furlongs, selling— Simplicity
105, Green Gown 106, S. P. iAncaster 105,
Dundall 108, Arah May 110, Harum Scarum
110. Mrs. Bob 110. Clara Berry 110. Loglstella
110. Useful Lady 110. Conjuress 110, Mon
Amour 110. Odelot 110, Black Art 113, Bonnie
Prince Charlie 115. Presentiment 115.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
WINNING FIRST PLACE
GIVES HORSE THREE PRIZES
The fall opening of tha athlrtlo
classes of the Toun» Men's Christian
Association took placa last night in
the gymnasium. Among ths specta
tors were many of the fair sex. How
ard M. Strickler. tha physical director
of the association, had chary* of tha
entertainment, which was w«H ar
ranged and well carried out. Tha
programme was contributed by ths
following: J. D. Alder. H. Tonles. A.
Hawksley. C Mera. Theodora Enx
strom. J. I* Rlckman, H. I* Lowen
thai, J. Gorman. W. Hewer, Ous Rob
erts, J. J. Lemer, Professor V. de Lam
bertlny. Miss Sophie de Laznbertlny.
Miss Nellie Conner, Professor George
Miehllng. Charles Jenkins, J. Simpson.
F. M. Vecki, C. B. Reardon. B. Mo-
Kevitt, E. Vennler.
Indoor Athletes Perform.
Klxth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
over the hill— Prince Ching 109. Topic IOC Pro
ceeds 108. Allan 101. ThUtle Heather 98. Mld
fhlpman S5. Ascetic 97. Dr. Loder 88
Fourth race. New Rochelle handicap With
er* mile— New York 114. r> Keszke 109. Pro
ceeds XXS. The Southerner 106. Old England
V*). Garnish 101. Andrew Mack 101. (De Res
zke and Garnish. Hayman entry.)
Fifth race, sevrn furlongs, two-year-olds
telling— Delcanta 105. Ike S 105, Sa!t and Pep
pr 103, Ascot Belle 102, Monacorder luo. V?Tl&
Irishman 100, Sumatra 97. R. L. Johnson 83
Kra Fllltpo !». Calmness 02, Miss Karl 82, BufI
ferance b7. Bisque S7.
Third race, the Champagne handicap, seven
fwrlcnrs of Withers mile— Agile 122, Olseau
122, Tradition 119, Burnt Hills 108.
Second race. Withers mile, three-year-olds
and up — AI«n-a-Dale 110. James F 107. Home-
Head 100. Jocund 95, Topic 60, Thistle H*ath
«r 67. Toi Ean 87.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11. — Tradition
and Oiseau. two of the year's sensa
tional two-year-olds, will meet to
morrow in the Champagne handicap
at Morris Park. It needs onry the
entry of Sysonby to make it one of
the sensational races of the year. The
day's entries:
First race, «lx and a half furlongs of With
er* mile, handicap — Mamie Worth 134 Rapid
Water 132, Collector Jessup 126, Major Pelham
118. Martinmas 114. Jake 112. Rosetlnt 107
Candida 10«, Graceful 105, Jack Ratlin 105
Caetalian 104. UIwi Echo 102. Crown Prince
101, Piunon 100. Sir Brillar 100. Orthodox 99
Andrew Mack 1»«, Bulwark 04. Austin Allen 83 #
Ados 80. '
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
TACOMA, Oct. 11.— Although the
Grays took the lead In the early
stages of the game to-day. Tacoma
had no trouble in winning out. The
field was a mass of mud, making good
playing Impossible. Overall was not
hit* hard, but he was wild, all of Port
land's runs being gifts. McCreedie
was passed in the fourth. Na
deau struck out, Marshall was
passed Holland was hit by the
pitcher and McCreedle scored on
Rockenfield's base on balls. Marshall
tallied when Overall failed to get Ho
gan's throw. The v last two scores
came after Butler and Drennan were
ticketed. Hogan in fielding McCree
die's bunt threw wild to Sheehan, two
runs resulting. In the sixth Butler
passed three, which, combined with
hits by Lynch and Casey, forced in
two runs, the third scoring on a field
er's choice. A hit, a pass and Mc-
Laughlin's two-sacker brought In two
more. In the eighth two hits, a pass
OVERALL STRIKES OUT NINE.
Has the Opposing Batsmen Puzzled
With His Peculiar Delivery.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Useful Lady, Presenti
ment, Conjure8S.
Second race — Easy Trade, Thane,
Ben Chance.
Third rac« — Lady Savoy, Kurtz
inann, The Belle. •
Fourth race — Bad News. Prince Sil
verwin« s, r Spencerlan.
Fifth race^ — Fossil, Miss Crawford,
Floral King.
Sixth race — Benmora, Sad Sam, My
Jane.
Condition of the track — Fast.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Orthodox, Damon. Sir
Brillac
Sct-ond race — Alan-a-Dalc, Jocund,
Thistle Heather.
Third race — Tradition, Olseau, Burnt
Hills.
Fourth race — De Rt-szke, The South
erner. Proceeds.
FlfUi race — Monacorder, Ike S,
Calmness.
Sixth race— Thistle Heather, Ascetic,
Topic.
Condition of the track — Drying.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — The sale of
the great Whitney stud was concluded
in Madison-square Garden to-night in
the presence of- 6000 spectators. Fifty
head of horses brought $238,000, or
a grand total of $4 63,550 for the sale
of ninety-one head. The average price
was $5096.
Meddler, the champion stallion, was
knocked down to Matthew Corbett for
$51,000. Mr. Corbett. in spite of ru
mors that he had purchased the fa
mous sire for Clarence H. Mackay, de
clared he had purchased him solely in
his own interests. After the sale he
asked Harry Payne Whitney to allow
Meddler to go back to Brookdale farm
for a few days until he could make
other arrangements.
James R. Keene, who went as high
as $49,500 for Meddler, said that Cor
bett did not buy the stallion for him,
although many believed prior to this
statement that Mr. Corbett, who has
been running a number of the Keene
horses in his name this season, was
acting for the millionaire. Corbett
is a millionaire turfman himself, and
said several days ago that he would
like,.' to secure Meddler if only for
speculation. Harry Payne Whitney
also declared that Mr. Corbett did not
act for him. Trainer John W. Rogers
evidently felt disappointed over the
fact that Meddler was not retained
by Mr. Whitney.
Meddler was originally owned by
George Abingdon Baird, the English
millionaire, and when the Baird
horses were sold after their owner's
death Meddler was bid in for $73,500
by J. Malcolm Forbes of Boston. At
the latter's death he was bid in • by
Sydney Paget, acting for Mr. Whit
ney, for $49,000.
Of the remaining stallions in. the
Whitney stud Ballyhoo Bey went to
Harry Payne Whitney for $25,000, and
Yankee was 'bought ¦ by" WV/H. Jen~
nings for $21,500. Other sales 'of
$10,000 or more were:
I Mornlngslde. b. m., 1898,' by Imp. Meddler-
Sunny9lde, sold to Harry Payne Whitney, $15,
000.
Imp. Ondulee b. m., 1898, by St. Slmon-
Ornls, sold to James R. Keene, (14,000.
Imp. Snow Corrie, b. m., ' by Tfistan-Correl
Boy, sold to James R. Keene. $14,000.
Yorkvllle Belle, ch. m., by Miser- Thora, cold
to Sydney Paget, $10,000.
Nearly a Half Million Dol
lars Realized at the
Sale of the Whitney Stud
Americans ..— ~.... — .»„_ « 1
Nationals **" 1 J5 »
Batteries— Slew and Kahoe; C/N«U1 and
CLEVELAND. Oct. 11.— In a nm« renleta
with hard hittinsr the Plttabur* XaOon*2 ?&.
'"ted the Cleveland Americans to-day A*
though outbatted. U» Plttsbar»» bunched s«r«n
of their nine hlt» In the se^nta^Sj.lSth
Innings. These, with three 0/ CtoUtaSd'a
errors, icored seven run* BronafleM VJTnt
awt^sSS.?"" *" "*££**£&&
Cleveland 5" *a
pittsbur* rtnmrr! ? » *
«nd a F£e.£7 B * rilh * rt "* Bo *" r « *T
8T LOL'IS. Oct. 1L— Th« 8t. Loala Ameri
can League team made It one-all to-day la
the second game in th« championship series
between the Americana and Nationals la &
loosely played and rather UJiinterestlnr son
test. Attendance. 2000 Boor*- r """ a * oon
Post Season Baseball Games.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Arlena
109, Monaco Maid 104, Zinda 104, Dave Stahl
92, Terns Rod 90.
Fifth race, one mile, purse — Aden 108, Sambo
108, Lasso 105, Belle Barnard 105, Flora Wll
lougbby 100, Mainspring 102, Pinochle 102,
Jake Greenberg 102, Burke Cochran 99, Felix
Mozzes 99. Mafalda 96, Mies Betty 90.
Sixth rare, six and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Mint Bed 105 St. Florence 105, Vestry
106 Metlakatla 105. Lemon Girl 105. Caelana
105, Aline S 105, Regina D 100. Eleanor How
ard 105, Hazel H 100, Vlneland 100, Klng
ctella 100.
¦ Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Korea 10rt. J. G. Drought 104. My Eleanor
103. Judge Brady 102, Jack Moran 101. Trixle
White 08, Lady Lou OS, Anna Belle Lee 95,
Pique 00, Passive 90, Annisquam 90.
Third race, six furlongs, maidens — Emporium
108, Dr. Riley 105, Fornella 100, Ora Z 100,
Fannette 100. Maid of the Order 100. Sam
Stevens 100, Orla 100, Madoc 100, Coreen 100.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 11. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar track
follow:
First race, six furlongs, maidens — Escanaba
105. Leslie R 1C5. Merry Sport 105. Edna Fits
alien 105. Guadalquiver 105, Willi« Collier 105.
Mae Tuna 105, Codex 100, Tattenham 100, Ed
Merritt 100. Cardona 100.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
The members of the San Francisco
Model Yacht Club will hold an Impor
tant meeting to-night. The protect of
Secretary Genung, which is two-fold,
will be heard at the meeting. It is in
regard to the races for the Todd cup
held a week ago Sunday. The first part
of the protest pertains to the time
limit. According to the official timer
the length of the course is 650 feet, but
Genung figures it is nearer 700 feet.
Under the rules of the club the time
limit for 1000 feet is 10 minutes. This
•would make the time limit for a 650
foot course 6:30. In the races held on
October 2, Genung's Witch negotiated
the course in 6:35 and thus failed to
qualify. Genung claims the course
measures at least 670 feet, in which
case the Witch would have been within
the time limit.
The other ground of the protest is
that the preliminary races were not
held according to the rules governing
cup races.
Three boats have qualified for the
finals, which are scheduled to be sailed
on Sunday. They are the Santee, owned
by Todd and Adams; Piute, owned by
O. M. Forrest, and Apache, owned by
William Roeckner.
Theodore Martenstein's new scow will
be tried out on the first Sunday that
the wind is good. When she was
launched about a month ago there was
ncr wind and no line could be got on
her speed.
B. Jurgens is building a new scow.
He has been successful in the past with
his models and the new boat should
prove fast.
Important Meetine of the Owners of
Small Craft Will Be Held
This Evening:.
MODEL YACHTSMEN MUST
DECIDE A OUP PROTEST
LIBERAL PRICE
FOR MEDDLER
SIXTH RACE — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; relling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— D. Anderson. 112 (Mrisn) 7 12 13
21 to 5— King of Valley. Ill (Shea) 0 3 5 2 2
11 to 2 — Barkelmore, 119 (Horfler) 1 2 2 3 1
Time. 1:43. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. S. Price's b. f. (3) by The Commoner-
Lcora. Trepan 116, Satire 119, Ebony 114,
ZU.wIanl M 109, Ml Relna. Ill, Bard of Avon
111. finished as named. (Ussardo 106 fell.)
FIFTH RACE — One and a half miles; three
year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Major Manslr. 117 (Nlcl) ft 4 1 11
12 to 1— The Way. 108 (Miller)... 6 2n 23
13 to 1— Excentral. 87 (Jenkins). 8 14 3 h
Time, 2:38. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. A. Wernberg's b. g. (7) by Eothln-Vol
Au Vent. Lou Woods 100. Little Elkin 102.
Miss Melton 87, Charlie Miller 94, LaJlare 100,
Sioux Chief. 100, finished as named.
First race— Guadalquiver, Ed. Mer«
ritt, Escanaba.
Second race— Passive, Jack Moran,
Korea.
Third race — Emporium, Madoc,
Fannette.
Fourth race — Monaco Maid. Arlena,
Zimla.
Fifth race — Aden, Jake Greenberfci
La.«so.
Sixth race— Vestry, Regina D, Mint
Bed.
Condition of the track — Fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS,
At last night's practice Thompson
who has been playing tackle on the
varsity, severely wrenched his ankle
The injury is severe enough to keep
him out of the same for a week.
In lieu of a game with another pre
paratory school team the freshmen
lined up against the second varsity
team this afternoon. The work of the
baby eleven shows considerable Im
provement over previous form. By
the end of the week they will be in
good shape for the freshmen game
with California.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 11.
— The Stanford Varsity will line up
to-morrow afternoon for a midweek
game against the Multnomah club
eleven from Portland, Ore. The north
ern eleven is strong, and taking into
consideration Stanford's crippled con
dition, have an even chance to defeat
the cardinal varsity. The line-up
of the two teams -will be:
Stanford. Position. Multnomah.
C> r k L. E. R Dowlin?
Sprague l. T R. Prat-
Vaa 1 Sickle £ O. R^.T.V/.T.Selfey
lssea Center Grieve
S$::::::::::::Z f; t::-:::::::xSSi
|™{ h R- E. L Jordan
S toU Quarter Kerrigan
Ere*"""* L. H. R
•TrowbrldgB R. H. I> rj^ph
We»er Fullback coales
Tecom From the North Will
Measure Strength With
Cardinal This Afternoon
MOLTNOMAHS
VS. STANFORD
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Oudon, 98 (Thomer) 1 12 In
7 to 1— Crime. 102 (McLaughlin) 2 3 12 3
6 to 1 — Wcrthlngton, 107 (Dugan) ti 2 I}i3 Va
Time. 1:22. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Chlnn & Forsythe's b. c. (3) by Odd Fel
low-Annie Clark. Whiskers 108, Howling Der
vish 105, Laura Hunter 104, Miss Manners 104.
Triple Silver 95, King's Charm 103, Avoid 107,
Ingolthrift 10n, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St.. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Frank Rice. 108 (McLgln) 5 1^11
30 to 1— Bountiful, 91 (Dickson).. 7 2 3 2 ltf
16 to 1 — Sunclissima. 105 (Dugan) 4 3H 3h
Time, 1:47^4. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Mrs. W. B. Freeman' 9 b. h. (4) by Dr.
Rics-Frances D. Flyer 110, Dawson 105, Short
cake 96, Hucena 105, Barca 108, Hickory Cor
ners 105, Noweta 100, Blsuka 100, finished as
named.
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
handicap three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5 — The Regent, 107 (Dugan) 3 la 12
9 to 5— Ftlts Favorite, 104 (Dksn) 2 2^22
10 to 1 — Lacy Crawfrd. 108 (Mnro) 4 3 2 3 1
Time, 1:47%. Start good. Won easily. Wln
rer. Mrs. M. Goldblatt's br. g. (6) by Domino-
Royal Gem. Orient 96, Canyon 102, finished
as named.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds and up:
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 10— Vestry, 107 (W.Duean) 4 8 4 12
7 to'l— Bob Curt, 100 (Dickson). 0 9 H 2h
25 to 1— Jake Ward, 105 (Roach) 8 6 2 3 1V4
Time l:W«i. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. M. Goldblatt's ch. m. (4) by
Masette-Venice. Ethel's Pride 80, Flora Levy
ICC, Marchioness 105, Fenian 100, Nepenthe 85,
McJetta SO, finished as named.
Seattle Game Postponed.
SEATTLE, Oct. 11. — The Seattle-
Los Angeles game -was postponed en
account of rain.
Developments are slow in the Britt-
Gans contest, which is less than three
weeks off. That the men have signed
articles to do battle for the lightweight
championship of the world is known,
but that is about all. Some of the box
ing enthusiasts seem interested: oth
ers simply nod, while there are others
who have not realized that the men
have signified their intention of taking
punches at each other.
It was expected that the forfeits o£
the two men would be safely depos
ited in. the hands of Harry Corbett,
the official stakeholder, yesterday, but
such was not the case. Neither man
showed the color of his money. A. Her
ford promised last night to deposit his
money this afternoon and Jimmy Brilt
made a like assertion. When the money
is up, it may pave the way for a little
more enthusiasm.
According to present indications the
dark-hued lad from Baltimore will be
a big favorite with that element
which likes to risk its good money on
the outcome of pugilistic struggles.
Some suggest that Gans will sell at 2
to 1; others think 10 to 6 looks good,
while there are some who are of the
opinion that 10 to 7 or 8 will be the
prevailing odds. Many shrewd bettors
look for the fight to end in a draw.
The question of a permit still hangs
in midair and causes all kinds of talk
along the Rialto. Manager Coffroth is
sanguine of landing the permit. He as
sures the anxious ones that the fleht
will be decided in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion on the night stipulated in the
articles, and of course the principals
can ask no more. Then there are oth
ers who are bold enough to say that
Mr. Coffroth will never have a peeo in
at that permit. The only gentlemen to
settle this little matter are the Super
visors, and when they take action the
aspect of the situation may change.
Gans will repair to Billy Shannon's
villa, near San Rafael, to-day, there
to make ready for the coming struggle.
As usual, he will have Kid Sullivan as
sparring partner, assisted by other les
ser lights of the ring. Al Herford will
personally look after the training of
the champion. Herford says Gans will
make the weight without any trouble
and be strong enough to go fifty
rounds. /
Britt thinks the soft sea breezes will
be just about right this time and there
fore he has selected the Seal Rook
House as his training-place. On Mon
day James expects to be ready to work
out. The breach between himself and
Spider Kelly having been healed, the
latter will be much in evidence as the
general manager of the Californian's
training. Frank, Rafael and a few oth
ers who are handy will don the mitts
with Jimmy when he feels Inclined to
go a few rounds.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and upward:
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jockey, St. *i Fin.
8 to 1 — Mindora 11W (Emblen).. 6 5h lh
II) to 1— Glendon, 108 (Uunro)...3 3n 2h
8 to 1— Algonquin, 104 (W.Dugn) 9 4 13 1
Time, l:i'2?4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, B. Schreiber's br. h. (4) by Saln-
Park Ridge. Evening Star 111, La Cache 100,
St. Winifride 105. Lyrist 00. Orpheum 108,
Atlas 97. finished as named.
Time, 1:09. titart fair. Won in 'a gallop.
Winner. J. S. Brltton'» b. f. by Russell-Turtle
Dcve. Lady Sellers 100, Trlumphtress 109.
Bessie Me 100, Bannock Belle 105, Sonya 100.
Katie Crews 1U5, Fay Sharp 10'-', Eternally
107, finished as named.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 11. — The. Regent
turned the tables on Footlights' Fa
vorite in to-day's feature at Delmar,
winning all the way. Only one favor
ite won during the day. The weather
was clear and the track fast. Attend
ance 4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds:
Betting, Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Wakeful, lw) (McLaghln) 1 1 3 1 H
a to 5 — Dor Dodd. 105 (DAuatn) 5 B 1 2 1
1U to S — Belle S. 105 (Rice) 4 3 1 3 2
When Champion James Jeffries visit
ed the Russian cruiser Lena at Mare
Island last Thursday the vessel was
not only his (that is, what is left of
it on board), but Captain Berlinsky,
all the officers and every Jack-tarsky
that could get near enough to gaze
his adoring soul out at the mighty
fistic warrior, belonged to the terrible
guest. When the vodka, the brandy
and other strong liquids which the cor
dial Russian host delights to pour out
in smoking libations to the honor of
the illustrious stranger within his
gates, began to flow holy Russia, the
Czar, the Czarina and the brand new
royal baby were Jim's also.
They had all seen Jim at his show
in the Vallejo Theater and though they
had never heard of Davy Crockett or
his immortal motto and could not pos
sibly measure the quality of the per
formance, they knew the one they
cared only to know. The fierce set-tos
in the corners of the play were the
only fighting they had witnessed since
the merciless Japanese fleets dropped
hull down below the horizon in the
blood stained Eastern seas, and their
poor, crippled ship was hitting the tips
of the waves for San Francisco.
So when Jeffries visited the Lena he
received an ovation from the Russians
that by right should be accorded only
to their imperial master. In fact, if
they ever get back to Russia they may
all find the Siberian salt mines on
charges of disloyalty and treason to
the Emperor. They stood him up be
fore the picture of the Czar in the
wardroom and noted with pride how
much bigger a man Jim Is than Nich
olas. Sailorlike they lashed the Jeff
ries and Romanoff races together, as it
were, and toasted the two royal fam
ilies in vodka till only the absence of
Peter the Great's old imperial head
gear kept them from crowning James
then and there. They made the guest
drink with them to himself till he ab
sorbed the idea that he was the Em
peror.
One officer stood Jim and Captain
Berlinsky alongside of one another and
in his official French-English said:
"Behold! Here ees zee grat men of zee
— what you call — ah, zee vorl! Grat?
Grater, I speak, zan efryting. Behold
zee General Jeffries and Capta'n Ber
linsky. Zee General he fight zee gran'
battal wiz hees hans — biff, boom, an'
he keel 'em all. Zee Capta'n Berlinsky,
he also grat. He fight wiz hees guns
an' he keel 'em all, too. Behold!"
Then the captain hugged the gener
al and all the bearded naval warriors
of the Czar fell on the guest and kissed
him in their fervent Russian way till
the general's smooth cheeks, tender
from the stage grease paint he daubs
on every night to make himself look
like Davy Crockett, were blood-red
from the whisker scratches- Somebody
rescued Jim from his too ardent
friends and helped him down the gang
way, and a steam launch got him over
to 'Georgia street wharf in safety.
Time. 2:08 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. E. Rowe'g b. m. by Halma-Vcn
eta. Only three starters.
SIXTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
handicap; for three-year-olds and up:
B»ttinx. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
13 to 5— Mb. Ri chard «n, 100 (Bkr) 2 ;'ji,in
9 to ll>— Kug. Burch. 116 (Odom)l 1 \ 2 %
S to 1— Carbuncle. 102 (Travrs) 3 3 3
FOL'RTH RACE— The Eclipse course; the
Rsneho del Pafco; for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
:•. to 1 — Uedouln. lia (Shaw) 4 i '» 1 h
li> to 1— Pasadena. 122 (Martin).. 3 1 h 2 1V4
£ to 1 — Cairngorm. 1U9 (Lyoe) . . 2 5 1 ¦ j «,
Time, 1 :iM 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. F. Jewett's b. g. by Meddler-LJc
rie Montrose. Broadcloth, Voladay, Heart's
Dt&ire, Buttling finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Withers mile; selling; for
three-year-olds and up:-
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 li>2 — Glisten, :<" < Hildebrand). 3 7 3 13
7 to 2— Andrew Mack. 101 fTrvrs) 7 3 ij 2 |i
7 10 1 — SsJs. 107 (Redfern) 2 2 3 3 2
Time. 1 :42. Start straggling. Won easily.
Winner. W. II. Scbant's ch. f. by Knight of
Ellerslie-BHoved. Keynote. Midshipman,
Rightful, Courtmaid, Brlarthorpe, Akela fin
ished &s named.
THIRD RACE— Eclipse course; for maiden
two-year-old celts and geldings; puree:
Betting. Horfe. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
r. Uj 1— Belligerent, 112 (Gannon) 1 3 h In
o to 1— D' Arkie, 109 ¦ (Lyne-) .4 2 h 2 Va
Z to 1— Critical. 108 (W. Davis).. 8 4131
Time. 1:10. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner, L. V. lull's b. «. by. Don .Deoro-lst.
Briilget. Rosfbourne, Ranger and Brilliant fin
ished at named.
SECOND RACE — About two miles; steeple
chase for three-year-olds and up; selling:
Bettlnr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Conover, 141 <Harris) 7 2 3 1*4
30 to 1— Gold Ray, 135 (Hagan).. 1 4 10 2 20
15 10 1— Jim Slick. 141 (Ragan) 6 3 h 3 6
Time. 3:50. Start good. Won driving. Win
ntr. C. M. Harris' ch. g-. by Falconer-Mag
gie Ward. Woden. Snuff, Eophone. Spencer
Kt-iff. Numeral, Benefit, Kersey and ' Pagan
Bey finished ae named.
MORRIS PARK, Oct. 1L— John A. i
Drake deprived Morris Park bookmak- I
eis of something like {20,000 to-day j
when his gelding, Roseben, won the j
flrst race. A commission of $10,000 was ;
placed on the Drake entry. He started .
two in the race and frcm the !
opening odd* of 2% to 1 they were |
backed down to even money before the 1
start. O'Neii was on the alert and
gave no one an opportunity to grumble
at Isis riding:, which was of the kind
that often accompanies a plunge. It
was the exactly opposite with Coch
ran's work. His mount, Panique, was;
running on so strongly that many won
dered what had happened to him early
in the race.
The victory of the favorite was fol
lowed In the steeplechase by another .
when Conover, ridden by his owner, I
Mr. Harris, came home in front of the
long shot. Gold Ray. which, as usual,
was running on at the end. The prin
cipal competitor of Conover up to the
l&st five furlongs was Eophone. which,
however, landed badly after one of the
Jumps on the hill and nearly dislodged
his rider, J. O'Brien, who recovered his
seat miraculously. The horse was not
thereafter a serious competitor.
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; for
maiden iwu-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
C to b — Ro«eb«n. 107 (O'Neil) 4 13 12
f. to 1— Water Paney. 108 (Lyne> 5 4 2 «4
15 to 1— Tide. 107 (\V Davis) 12 t>^3 1»i
Time 1:23 Start fair.. Won easily. Win
ner. J. A. Drake's b. g. by Ben Strome-Rose
l*af. Billy Rocae. Panique, Ballycastle, Gan
sfvoort. Cannon Ball. Arietta, Phaser, Little
Johnson. Rudabek. Sungllnt and Dan Conners
finished as n&med.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap;
two-year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 4— Cutter. 110 (Nlcol) 6 in 14
« to 1— Sincerity Belle. 90 (Lnon) 3 4 % 2 2
13 to 1 — Capitano, 90 (Jenkins)... 2 2 4 3 2
Time, 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. A. Wernbcrg's b. f. by Gotham-Ken
more Queen. Lord I'ixon 1C;J. Matador US.
Broadway Girl 90, finished as named.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse; all
ases:
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. *i Fin.
3 to 2— Big Ben. 123 (Prior) 3 3 4 11
5 to 2— Floral King, 111 (Domnk) 4 11 2 1^
9 to 2— NannieHodge 102 (Nicol) 5 2 h 3 4
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, M. Tennes 1 br. g. (4) by Ben Strome-
Mint Julep. Don Domo 102. Kate Zitt 85.
Orfeo 106. Seven Oaks 87, Monls 100, finished
as named.
SECOND RACE— One mile; selling:; three
year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
12 to 1— B. Scruggs, 111 (HeJgr)lO SI 1 h
5 to 1— WJDeboe, 119 (Mclntr) 9 4 12 2
100 to 1— Annora J, 106 (Hoffmn) 5 2^31
Time, 1:4* 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. J. Mannion's ch. f. (3) by Fonso-
Lesbia. Trossachs 106. Rlan 106, Maraschino
lltt, Idogo 116. Avenger 114, Bernlce 106, Spar
row Cop 106. Ehincan 106, La Chaperone 106,
AUie Virsie 111, finished as named.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Horsemen are a
unit in their declaration that Big Ben
is a speed marvel. With 123 pounds on
his back in the third and feature event
at Worth to-day he took all the fast
sprinters into camp. As in former
events he won as he pleased, with a
good length to spare over Floral King
and Nannie Hodge. Don Domo, the
"gray streak," was beaten off.
Mont Tennes, who recently purchased
the big son of Ben Strome-Mint Julep
and won him out in his last start,
would not believe that Big Ben could
give away so much weight and defeat
these sprinters, so he allowed him to
run for the purse and did not back him.
On that account the odds on Big Ben
went uo from even money to 3 to 2,
which was considered out of line by
many who profited well on his victory.
Floral King rushed to the front at
the start, taking a lead of two lengths,
with Nannie Hodge second and Big
Ben third, close up. Turning into the
stretch Big Ben rushed into the lead
and Nannie Hodge also closed strongly.
Prior then called upon Big Ben and he
drew away and won easily by a length.
Floral King easily beat Nannie Hodge
a length and a half for the place.
The track was fast and the weather
cloudy and threatening. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; all
ares:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey, St. «i Fin.
50 to 1— An BPall. 115 (Sherwood) 4 4 111
13 to 5 — Automaton. 118 (Morrsn)12 7 1 2 h
11 to 2— Beau & Best, lSUXlcol) 3 2 13 2
Time, 1:15 2-5. Start bad. Won handily.
Winner, J. Slaughter's b. t. toy Wagner-Calla.
Tristan Shandy 119, J. Ed Grillo 119, Safe
guard 115, Zyra 120, LHxelle lirt, Jake Sanders
102, Captain Neroth 102, Peggy Mine 99. Effle
M 99. Lieutenant Rice 102, Pohasset 117. fin
ished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
He and Captain Berlinsky
Are Hailed as Greatest
Warriors in the World
Gans Starts Training To-
Day, While Britt Will Be
gin Stunts Next Monday
Choices Have a Bad Day
at Del mar Track, Only
One Catching Judges' Eyes
Stolen bases— Dunleary. Vaa Buren 2. Er
rors—Oochnauer 3. Strelb 2. Van Buren. Buch
anan, Irwtn. Sacrifice hits— Francks. Dever
eaux. Barber. First base on errors— San Fran
cisco 1. Oakland 2. First base on called balls
—Off Barber 2 off Buchanan 1. Left on bases
—San Francisco 5. Oakland ft. Struck out—
By Barber 4,. by Buchanan 3. Double play —
Stark to ' Schlafley. Wild pitch— Buchanan.
Time cf same — One hour and thirty minutes.
Umpire — McCarthy.
San Francisco... 0 0 0 0 0 < » 0 1 0- 1
Base hits 1 01 3; » ?l ® 1 5
Oakland 0 0 10 0 0 0 1 x— 2
aSShlti"!... 0 0 2 1 0 0 1 0 x- 4
SUMMART.
1 Neither the Seals nor the Commut
ers had any license to call yesterday 8
game at Idora Park their own. No
runs were earned and, properly, they
should have been playing yet. But
the errors broke in when they counted
most. By this means the Commuters
managed to stow away a pair of runs
[while the best the Seals got was an
The field, was wet and slippery after
the rain and consequently the fielders
could not be blamed for some of the
misplays. The ones that did the most
1 damage were overthrows to the oui
fleid — errors that could have been pre
vented, especially as most of them
were made on easy chances.
Both Buchanan and Barber naa
everything that goes to fool the oppos
ing batsmen. Neither had a single
bad inning. In point of control, speed
and nerve the work of both men was
about on a par. Only nine hits were
torn off by both teams — five by the
Seals and four by the Commuters.
Strange to say, there was not a single
1 long drive in the game.
The Seals got a good start, yet they
could not make good with a run. van
Buren was passed and Hildebrand hit
to the outfield. Then with two down
Buchanan advanced both men with a
wild pitch. The next batter fell an
easy victim to the twisters of the star
Oaklander and so it was all over in a
twinkling.
The Commuters were unable to get
a look in at the run column till the
third. Then Buchanan pasted one to
the outfield and Ganley flew to Meany.
Francks laid down a grounder to
short. Gochnauer, in his efforts to
complete a double play, threw the ball
away at second, leaving both runners
safe. Dunleavy had a long fly which
advanced Buchanan a peg and he reg
istered after Schlafley unloaded a
wicked drive over Van Buren's head.
Oakland held this lead of a run till
the eighth, when Buchanan gave the
Seals a chance by fumbling Gortons
grounder. Barber laid down a bunt
and Van Buren kicked through with
one over third, sending Gorton to
sack three. Hildebrand popped up a
hard foul which Stark managed to get.
He was so elated over this piece of
work that he winged the sphere down
to second in an attempt to nail Van.
The ball went to he outfield and Gor
ton sneaked in with the lone Seal
mark.
Oakland enticed the winning one
over the pan in the eighth on an er
ratic mixup. With one gone Dunleavy
was given a chance on Gochnauer'a
bad throw to first. He went down and
Schlafley hiked. Kruger produced a
simple one to Barber, who threw to
third and headed off Dun. Cap was
anxious for a double play and he
winged across the lot to Van Buren.
The lanky kid let the leather roll to
the outfield and Schlafley came tear
ing in from second. Van might have
nailed him at the plate, but he fool
ishly winged the leather to second.
The score:
p».n Francisco— 1 Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VnBrn.lb 3 0 2 11 1 Ganly. rf 4 0 O 1 O
Hildbd, If 4 0 f 2 2 0 Frocks, s 4 0 0 2 1
Wldrn. cf 4 0 0 2 0 Dnlvy. If 4 0 0 3 0
Meany rf 4 0 0 1 0 Schiny.2b 2 1 1 3 0
Irwln, 3b 4 0 1 2 3 Krugr. cM 0 0 5 0
Corbtt,2b 4 0 0 1 OStrelb, Ib3 0 16 0
Gochnr, s 3 0 0 1 6 Pernc. 3b 2 0 0 2 3
Gorton, c 3 1 0 4 0 Stark, c. 3 0 0 6 1
Barber, p 2 0 0 0 4 Buchn, p. 3 _2 J>
Totals. 31 ~1 6 24 14 Totals. 29 2 4 27 «
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Errors — Nordyke. Kasran, Hogan. Overall
Nadeati. RunlUe. Stanley. Struck cut— By
Overall. 9. by Butler. 4. Bases oa balls— By
Overall, 5; by Butler. 6. W1I4 pitches— By
Overall. 3. Hit by pitcher — Sh«ehan, Holland
Two-base hits— Lynch (2). Doyle, Mcl*u<h!in."
Sacrifice hits — Sheehaa. N'ordyke. McLaug.Mln.
McCreedle. First base oa errors— Tacom a »•
Portland 1. Left on bases — Tacoma, 11: Port
land. 5. Double plays — Casey to Easan to
Nordyke; Runkle to Rockenfleld to Hollar. 1
Stolen bases — Doyle, McLaughlln. McCr^l;.
Time of jam* — One hour and 65 minutes. Urn
plre — Tom Brown.
SUMMARY.
Portland 0 0 O 2 0 O 0 2 (V_4
Base hits 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 l—j
Tacoma ...t 0 O 0 0 0 3 2 1 T — H
Bas« hits 1 10 10 2 2 2 x-9
AB.R. H. P.A.' AB.R. K. p v
Doyle.rf. 5 12 1 IDrenrucf 3 1 0 0 0
3hehn,3b 3 0 0 0 1 VIcCrd.rf 2 1 1 1 1
N'dyke.lb 3 0 0 11 0 Vdeau.lf 4 0 n ., ,,
Eagan.ss 3 12 2 5 Mre>hll.::b 3 1 2 _• 3
Lynch.cr 5 12 0 0 Holnd.tb .':•>...:
3 2 2 3 S Rknfd.2b 3 O 0 .% f,
McLhn.lf 2 110 ORunkle.s I " .
Ho«ran,c 4 0 0 10 2 5tanly.c 4 0 0*2
Dverall.p 3 0 0 0 2 Butler, p - 1 <>
!rinnn,» 10 0 0 0
Totals. 31 « 8 27 16
• Totals. 29 4 5 U 1;
•Batt«d for Butler In ninth.
RC.N3 AND HITS BT INNINGS.
and a man hit by pitcher Rave Ta, o
ma another. Score:
Tacoma — i Portland —
IS MADE A GENERAL
NO PERMIT IS GRANTED
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Co«st League.)
Won. Loet. PcU I Won. W. Prt.
t.^™. . ** 28 .629 I Oakland •>< o.> 49.I
Tacorna .547 San Francisco *? ."h .»,,
i^tu. ..".:::::::::::."--• a? & •«* ' *»««* 2« « ., Tl
Conover, Ridden by His Own
er and Favorite for the
Steeplechase, Wins Easily
John A. Drake's Representa
tive Admirably Handled by
Jockey O'Neil in the Race
The Regent Turns the Tables
on Footlights' Favorite,
Winning All the Way
With Heavy Impost Up He
Defeats a Field of Sprint
ers at Worth.
Uiijf Ken Is the Idol of the
Horsemen About :
Chicago.
«,
Prowess of Actor-Pugilist
Is Toasted in the Ward
room of Dismantled Lena
Lightweights Say They Will
Deposit Coin With Harry
Corbett This Afternoon
Matches His Skill With Buchanan, but Van
Buren's Error Settles Conflict
FORFEIT MONEY
IS NOT YET UP
Bookmakers Are Relieved of Coin
by Victory of Roseben.
RUSSIANS HONOR
JIM JEFFRIES
MISPLAYS MAR BARBER'S EFFORTS
In the Coming Battle. GANS WILL BE FAVORITE Over Britt the Boxer
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', WEDNESDAY,. OCTOBER 12. 1904.
WANTED IN SAN JOSE.— Mrs. Ellen Tobln
was arreBted last night and charged with
stealing $51 from F.rj. Worthing; of San Jose.
The woman stole $27 from Mrs. Tompklna In
San Jose last Sunday, but the police recovered
the coin.
McGovern Challenges Britt.
NEW YORK. Oct ll.—Sam Harris
manager for Terry McGovern. an
nounced to-day that as the result of
last, night's fight at Philadelphia he is
prepared to match McGovern with
either Young Corbett or Jimmy Britt
for the featherweight championship.
McGovern, who formely held the title
was twice defeated by Corbett, the lat
ter in turn succumbing to Britt, who
holds the champkmshiu.
Is Defeated by Miss Mackay of the
Oakley Country Club •
. '' of Boston.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct; 11— Miss
Charlotte Dod, the English premier
golfing expert, met with defeat to-day
at the hands of Miss Pauline Alackay,
hailing from the Oakley Country Club
of Boston, on the ' first day's play in
the woman's national golf champion
ship, by 2 up and 1 to play. By the
defeat Miss Dod is out of the cham
pionship. - •
Miss Mackay's victory was due ¦ to
her ability to take advantage of Miss
Dod's mistakes. , ¦• •
Fourteen boxers will make up the
card for the monthly exhibition of the
Hayes Valley Club in Woodward's Pa
vilion, on Friday night. Two main
events have been arranged. The wind
up will bring together Jloughhouse Mc-
Donald and the Coast -welterweight
champion, George Peterson. The semi
windup will be between Willie Wolf
of the Ariel Rowing Club and Bob
Cairns of the - Olympic Club. The re
mainder of the card follows: Eddie
Johnson vs. Jimmy Carroll, Harry
Baker vs. Chiefle Johnson, Willie Ed
wards vs. Eddie Kehoe, the two Jack
O'Briens, Charlie Dunn vs. Dick Sul
livan. Billy Roach will referee.
Hayes Valley Club Bouts.
ENGLISH GOLF CHAMPION
IX>SES AT PHILADELPHIA
McGovern to Fight Young Corbett.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11. — On the
strength of his clever victory over Ed
die Hanlon at Philadelphia on Mon
day night Terry. McGovern is now go
ing after bigger game. His first step
will be to meet Young Corbett. Th«
latter says that such a bout would
Just suit him and he has named his
terms for a third mill .with the ex
feather-weight champion. As they
are acceptable to Terryv the. articles
will be signed this week for a match
to be decided at Philadelphia .:. within
six weeks. :
6
FREE FREE FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
— CREPE PAPER
SETS ¦
Consisting of—
TABLE CLOTH,
. 17. NAPKINS,
12 DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable
or Serviceable.
A SET FREE
WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Budweiser
Is Idecil
Ja. -^mJtr JEL Vii M
«*fc^ Sti? -i*sm^ The standard of Quality
by which all other Beers
are judged.
*£3fr3Bz^^ Highest in price, but
rJ*JPI«^\ leadsin sales. 100,402,500
WSj?f>©r^' bottles sold in 1903.
"KING OF BOTTLED BEERS"
BUDWEISER ia branded on the cork to fuxi againat deception,
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis, U.S.A.
World'. PUr TOt»£?lfet ?• i^^MJuscli Brewery tha priacfea (uta»
ot tno world's Fair City. An an welcoms.
V Order* Promptly Pilled by
TILLMANN & BENDER Pacific Coast Distributors.Sun rises 6:15
Sun seta 5:38
Moon sets 8:27 p. m.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Sequoia Willapa Harbor {Oct. 12
Ean Pedro Humboldt lOct. 12
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Oct. 12
Coronado^.... | Grays Harbor Oct. 12
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Oct. 12
Mariposa Tahiti Oct. 12
Chas. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 12
S.Monica San Pedro Oct. 13
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor jOct. 13
Homer Humboldt Oct. 13
I aqua * San Pedro Oct. 13
Eureka Humboldt lOet 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports ....[Oct 13
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Oct. 13
Santa Roea... San Diego & Way Pts.'Oct. 13
China China & Japan Oct. 13
Corona Humboldt Oct. 14
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. . Oct. 14
Elizabeth Coqullle River Oct. 14
City Peking.. New York via Ancon. |Oct. 10
Cooe Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.lOct. in
Centralia "Grays Harbor !Oct. IS
Nicarla i Seattle Oct. 15
Argo 'Eel Rlve r Ports Oct. 15
G W Elder.. {Portland A Astoria Oct. 16
Breakwater... Coos Bay Oct. 18
Arctic I Humboldt Oct. 16
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 17
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma lOct. 17
Eto:cof Cal... San Diego & Way Pts.|Oct. 17
G Dollar Gray* Harbor Oct. 17
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. 'Oct. IS
Queen Puget Sound Ports. ...I Oct. 18
p orn o Point Arena & Albion. .jOct. 18
San Jose New York via Ancon .-. Oct. 19
Aurella Portland & Astoria Oct. 19
Bonit a Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 21
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports Oct. 23
~~ TO SAlE!
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 13.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 20
October 13.
laqua Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal' San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
S. Monica. . . Grays Harbor - • • • 4 P m P Icr 2
• October 14.
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 12 m Pier 20
Bonlta Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. -Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Redondo Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
October 15.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Newport N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Centralia... Los Angeles Portn.llO am Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt |12 m Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .../ 5 pm Pier 20
October 16. -
Corona Humboldt. l:30pPler 9
S. Rosa 1 Pan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
! October 17.
Umatilla... Puset Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
October 18.
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay.. San Pedro &¦ Way. 9 am Pier 11
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct 5 pm'Pler 8
8 Barbara.. Grays Harbor * pm Pier 20
; October 19.
Amer. Mam' China tc Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 30.
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Maripora... Tahiti direct ..... 11 am Pier 7
Nloarla Hamburg: & Way.. 12 mlPler 20
G Dollar... Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 1G
October &2.
Quern Pugret Sound Ports. '11 am Pier 9
„_ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. I, . Destination. | Sails
Dolphin Skasway & Way Ports.jOct. 12
Farallon .. Skagway & Way Ports. lOct. 13
City Seattle..- Ska n way & Way Ports.jOct. 14
Jefferson.. I Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Santa Ana. . . . i Scldovlu. & Way Ports. jOct.lG
•
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Branch Hydrofrraphic Office. U. 8. X. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco.' Cal..
October U. J904.
'T;tc Tims Hall oa the tower of the Ferry
buildlrz ww i!rof.pe<I exactly at noon to-day
1. €-... at roon of U.e 120th m«Mi<Man cr at
8 T »>. /3ri-«iT-.icfc time. J. C. BURNKTT.
K1euler.ar:t. C. S. N*., i:i clmrge.
Un
S:iu. Moon «nd Tide.
United Ftau* Coast ar.>! G*o<Wic Survey
Tim* *r.d Height at Illfrli ar.J Low Water*
r.t Fort Poir.t, entrance to San Frasel.-seo
ttJij-. Pabitshrd J>y official authority at the
Buri^rJntenJent.
Suii>- i.sv h'.gri kii low wuun occur at
The Election Commission yesterday
swore in a few more election officers
from the ranks of prominent citizens
to serve at the next electron. They
are Otto Jungblut, who will be a clerk
in the Sixth Precinct of the Thirty
seventh Assembly District; W. W. San
derson, judge in the First Precinct of
the Forty-first, and J. K. Wilson, clerk
in the Second Precinct of th« Thirty
seventh.
To Serve as Election Officers.
liine Ball.
The mark W. D. F!!nt failed yesterday for
V.-.:.f.Ti, .i via ilcnolulu wlt!i an assorted cargo
\a)ur<i at f;7,. .^.t und Including the following:
ir« bblg flour. 2218 ctla barley, 67 ctls wheat,
8 ctls oats. M ctls corn. Hi. IBS lbs middlings,
4<;.f,jl ;bs bran. 972 bales bay. 1613 lb» beans,
1MM «.» oar.nod roocU'. T» bbls J9 cs salmon.
i-24'l lbs tncaih, 42^0 gals Mrtne. 10 C9 liquors,
2T. pks? !'£ftf. 100 lbs tea, XS20 lbs bread, 10
fcjib rai.-lr.s. 375 lbs clrled fruit, 070 lbs ham
«it..l liacjn. G <•« wind oi!, 12 cb baking powder.
74:» lbs coJfish, :i7 rkgs table preparations, 2
pfcga arrocfcj;eE and pri/visiont, 10 kbls Vinegar.
t»0 crts pctjrt'X's. 10 crts cniocn, S«y lbs 2 cs
riieejr?, ZWi lbs rait, 1404 lbs lard, 14 pkgs
broeans. U pkgs dry g»ods, 23 bxs soap, 7
\>*%% manuractured tobacco. 24 pkgs paints,
<rr_-0 gals <Hst:llate, 100 bcls paper, 20 c» drugn,
2T,0 f» roal cil. 25 bxs candle*. 41 sks coal, 25
bare a Mis steel. 125 barn 7 bdle Ircn. C3 pkgs
*gt iouituriil impl< nwnts. 5o:i rs powder, B2 bbln
40 cs oils. 7.S i.kg« »>uing machines. ISO bbls
l:tne. iJO.OoO Its fertilizer, 12 bdls EhookR.
I-Zxports for Hawaii.
•
The eteamer Curarao, which sailed on Friday
for Guayrcias, carried a general merchandise
cargo cf nflgr.ed to the port of destination and
other Mexican ports valued at (64.192. The
following were the principal ahlpmenta:
8Sfcl gaJs 15 ct wine, 90.175 lbs coffee, 143 cs
canned mlnon, 1<»2 pkgv potatoes 416 pkgs
onions, ©57 pkiu fresh fruits. 52 ctls barley,
40 balf* hay, 1550 lbs malt, 42S6 lbs bran, 5900
ILf spices, 2033 ll,s br»-ad. 452 lb« cheese, 40
jjkjrs groceries and provisions, 1843 lbs ham
and bacon, 676 lhs tea, 7932 lbs dried fruit,
277'J lbs coetia. 2811 lbs eago, 132O lbs lard,
l.;.*."- pkgs paste. 21*5 lbs codfirh, 123 pkga table
preparation*. 2151 lbs butter, 9 bbls flour, 5 cs
champagne, 2O8 ga!n 25S cs whisky. 193 gals 4
eg brandy. 1SU0 lbs rice, 4 cj> mineral water,
40 pkfcs fresh vegetables, 32,764 ft lumber, 23,-
KTJ :: .- Mfe. &U16 lbs tallow, 4670 lbs bcrax,
ISXt flasks Quicksilver. 4456 lbs potash, 191 pkga
r r ¦. ..- ,.:,q splkep. 460 pkgs machinery, 25 pkgs
?•iectrleal srjppliec. 13 ckgs drugs, 254 bdls
backs, 8 txuls 124 pes eteel. 22 bdls 242 pea Iron.
t> :;'.:< oara. fcOO bdle shcuks. 130 ca 2 bbls oils.
'.i- pK£» paiuts. 12.". pkgs 109 pes pipe and fit
tisrs, 179 HTf-'i rails, 10 bxs eoap, 16 bales duck,
VI ca c ' l! oil, S7 c» 2 LLls tar, 02 bdls paper,
4 i:T- powder. 26(K) lbs greabe. 117 coils rope,
b rylf gas, 2517 lbs zinc, 1000 lbs lead.
Exports by the 43uracno.
The British ship Kensington is chartered for
wheat to the United Kingdom or Continent
(Hamburg to Bordeaux) at 22s.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Pacific Mail steamer Manchuria sailed
yesterday from Hongkong, three days behind
schedule time.
The British chip County of Inverness ar
rived yesterday from Australia.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Mariposa Is due to-day from Tahiti.
With 10,000 tons of cargo the big Pacific
Mall steamer Mongolia will get away promptly
to-morrow for the Orient. The China of the
same line is aue from the Orient to-morrow.
The French bark IJidart, Captain Pinsonnet.
arrived yesterday, l.">2 days from Glasgow, with
1W6 ton* of coal. The captain states that for
fifteen days while off the Horn his vessel cut
htr way through a field of floating Ice.
A Ixindon dispatch states that the British
ehip Corunna, which went ashore at Mlramar,
will be saved.
The Mongolia will sail with a new first
officer this trij>. His name is A. IMxon.
Water Front Notes.
Th* largest dredger on the coast is being
built liy W. A. Boole & Son at their Oakland
>-s.rd. It is 45 feet by 90 feet in size and Is
Kt H A. Voorman, to be used at Bouldln
Island, where the work of digging canals is
going on.
The steam schouaer Redondo came in yeater-
U«v rroining from Portland after a stormy
trip. It iock the vessel about 79 hours to get
trum x>urt to ion. Most of this time was
put fa by the cr<-w fighting the storm. She
ha<l '*<<) tons cf grain and 275,000 feet of lum
bstr en bijard. icduding a heavy deckload.
T!;t- htgh i*»« created by the southeast gaVe
vould ttrike the bow of the schooner and roll
1 1 Mil] ill lilj ov*-r her dcckload. Monday night
when the storm was at its worst the violent
j.ifhirg of the vet-sel loosened the deck
chains and several thousand feet of lumber
» -nt acrtft.
4
Vcu I^arffe Dredger.
Redondo's Hard Trip.
Hark Troop hi Distress.
Th* British bark Troop is In distress, making
h j r ray toward Hongkong. The vessel left
Manila August C for Delaware Breakwater,
and rwcataoi days after she was spoken by
a stea.ner betsvaoi Luzon and. Formosa. She
«*a« then beaded back for Hongkon; and flying
signals of ..;>;r. . s. Her commander reported
that had broken out among his crew
• nJ li* wa< in n.»-i of medicine. This was
»ui'j.!j-;d h.m and the vessels parted. The
Tr.>o:. was tii^n atx>ut 500 miles from port.
ani 1 although that was August 23, she has not
b^en i«-ported arrivea and has not been spoken
sir.~v. Nothing i> Known of the nature of the
disease that attacked the crew
Another large freighter for this coast is now
on her way here. She is the German Eteam
*¦:.:» A- - - :. of the Kocmos line, which left
liamburg three days ago. She was built at
Olaegow in I!>o0 and is of 4783 tons register.
H*r kr^-th Is feet, beam 47.8 and depth
27 6 foot.
Another Big Freighter.
The schooner Metha Nelson, Captain Stens
land arrived yesterday, 37 days from Siberia
waters, with 223.000 codfish. The veaael en
countered strong southeast and southerly galea
for twenty-five <iajs. Even when eft this coast
she experienced heavy southeast gales and
equally weather. luring one of tho fiercest
blows the schooner lost her main and fore
tails.
Storms In the North.
The crly overdue on the reinsurance list la
the German ehip Sirene. from Liverpool to Val
paraiso, out 134 days. 10 per cent.
The British schooner Advance has arrived
It. her port of destination. Sha left Gulfport.
Mjb., 68 days ago for Venezoala. and so sure
•were the ep-eulators that sha would never
ivach port tiiat reinsurance on the vessel went
UP to 35 per c*nt. It is also learned that
the Itaiian chip G&etano Caaabaco has reached
port. She was out 111 daya from Sydney to
Table Bay, with reinsurance of 5 p«r cant.
Two Ovcrdues Safe.
Baker 29.81 58 5C NW Rain .34
Carson 29.60 50 40 W Pt.Cldy .34
Eureka 30. C8 e2 C6 NW Clear .00
Fresno 30.00 71 GO N Clear .58
S.E. Farallcn.rtO.O3 C,2 .. NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 2H.90 B4 28 S\V Clear .00
Pocaiello 2».C8 68 42 S Cloudy .00
Independence. 29.76 C4 64 W Pt.Cldyl.OO
Los Angeles... 29. 92 70 «2 S\V Pt.Cldy T.
Mt.Tamalpaia »0.05 63 .. XV/ Clear .01
Phoeaix 29.70 88 3C W Clear .00
Pt.Reycs L.'ht.L1>.»8 «0 .. NW Clear .00
Portland 29. Oii 62 50 NW Clear 1.28
Red Bluff ...29.98 70 CS W Ciear 1.40
Roseburg 30.04 CO 64 NW Pt.Cldyl.56
Sacramento ...29. 9S 70 56 W Clear .40
Salt Lake ...29. CO 72 44 E Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco.80.04 G4 66 W Clear .72
Saa U. Obiepo.29.9S 66 &8 W Clear .26
San Diego 29.02 72 68 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle 29.92 68 52 E Rain 1.00
Spokane 29.78 58 52 SW Cloudy .14
Tatoosh 20. S8 58 48 SW Clear 1.12
Walla Walla..29.82 58 62 S Rain .24
Winnemucca ..29.86 60 44 SW Cloudy .30
Tuma 29.76 78 68 B Clear .00
HARBOR NEEDS
IMPROVEMENTS
Passage of Bond ilsue for
Extension of Seawall Is
of Importance to State
The harbor and shipping committee
of the commercial organizations of San
Francisco is working earnestly to in
terest the State's voters in the pro
posed plan of issuing bonds to the ex
tent of $2,000,000 for the improvement
of the water front. The business men
of the city • say that additional facili
ties for handling the rapidly increasing
traffic of the port are absolutely neces
sary. The issuance of the bonds by
the State will in reality be but a loan,
which will be repaid from the revenue
accruing from port charges.
With the $2,000,000 desired the Harbor
Commission can extend the seawall
4400 feet and construct thirteen modern
piers to replace the present dilapidated
bulkheads, the maintenance of which
is expensive and generally unsatisfac
tory. The improvements will bring in
approximately $60,000 a year.
The committee which is conducting
the campaign for the bond issue wishes
to impress the public with the fact that
the present insufficient dock and wharf
facilities are hampering the shipping
and commerce of San Francisco, which
should be a doubly important trade
center since the acquisition of the
Philippines and the decision of the
Government to construct the Panama
Canal. If the seawall is extended as
planned, merchandise and products can
be handled more cheaply and more
quickly than before.
When conditions are more satisfac
tory, the trading vessels of the Pacific
will come to San Francisco rather than
to other ports, thus enabling the fruit
men and farmers to find new markets
for their products. It is said, also> # ln
this connection that if the city does riot
offer adequate facilities for handling
freight to the ocean trade other ports
will do so to the detriment of San
Francisco. *
Notice to Passengers.
BagRage transferred to and from all train*,
steamers, etc, at low rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery, 308 Taylor St.. 650 Market
«t.. Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange «8»
MOTHER SUES SHIP OWNER
FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
She Alleges That Her Son Was Killed
on Bnrk Reaper Because of
Owner's Negligence.
Josephina Olsson filed suit in the
United States District Court yesterday
against A. P. Lorentzen, managing
owner of the American bark Reaper,
to recover $10,000 damages for the
death of her son. Charles S. Olsson.
The complaint recites that Charles
fell from the rigging . to the deck on
October 4, 1903, while the ship was
lying In Oakland harbor, and that his
fall was caused by the parting of cer
tain ratlines and seizings that had
become rotten and unsafe by reason
of the; negligence of the owner of tho
vessel. Olsson's left leg was broken
by the fall and he sustained internal
injuries which caused his death. The
plaintiff resides In Sweden.
May Use Other Scales.
Collector Stratton gave orders yes
terday that Importers and consignees
desiring to have .their dutiable goods
weighed on Lorentzen's listed scales
may do so if they pay all expenses.
The Government has no contract with
the. owner of the scales and is not re
sponsible for any expense in connec
tion therewith.
3 3£ 33 <% 2 «
STATIONS. \\%\ltl I- I
iff; if
So dark was the night and so gable
were; the skin and raiment of Edmund
Richardson that when he stood ; in
Bartlett alley, after emerging from a
Chinese lottery place, two police
men passed within a yard of where he
stood without perceiving him and his
chance of escape seemed excellent when
a third officer stumbled .against him.
When arraigned in Judge Mogan's
court on .the charge of having lottery
tickets in j his possession j Mr. Richard
son fairly; gloomed the environing at
mosphere and when he explained that
the tickets were not his property, but
Lulu Melton, convicted of vagrancy,
expressed a hope that Judge '., Mogan
would not sentence her to a term of
Imprisonment exceeding twenty-four
hours and it was Bailiff Hickey who
opined In muffled tone that she would
"linger longer, Lulu."
Herman Mitchell, professional mes
srnger boy. falteringly testified that he
was running — actually running — when
he slipped and fell through a front
window in the second-hand furniture
store of A. Lichtenstein, 1004 Howard
street. He subesequently qualified
the startling statement to some extent,
however, oy remarking that rain was
.heavily tailing at the time and that his
haste was inspired by anxiety lest his
official uniform might be permanently
damaged by saturation.
Judge Mogan dismissed the case af
ter he ascertained that the lad had not
been given into custody until he had
refused to entertain various proposals
of settlement from Mr. Lichtenstein,
whose first figure of $10 gradually
shrunk to $1 50 ere he decided to
prosecute to the bitter end. .
Nicholas Morris, vegetable peddler,
silently wept as he paid the fine of $10
imposed by Judge Mogan as* penalty
for working a horse which the com
plaining offlcer flippantly likened unto
"an animated hat rack," so knobby
was its exterior. • And when His Hon
or ordered the unfortunate animal to
instant execution the defendant boo
hooed loudly and declared that he
would be ruined financially by the
proposed deprivation.
"I can't help that," was thje court's
unsympathetic comment. "If you are
unable to obtain a livelihood without
practicing cruelty to dumb ' animals
you, too, would be better dead."
Because the Insanity Comissioners
could not find formal complaint
against Joe Mulhatton, remanded for
investigation as to his mental state by
Judge Mogan, they declined to exam
ine him and he was returned to the
Police Court. Two reputable citizens
who have known the man for years
testified that they considered him de
mented, and as the circumstances of
the alleged theft for which he was
arrested point to the same conclusion
he will probably be dismissed to-day.
He took from a Clay street lodging
house an almost worthless coat and
left in its place his own garment con
taining letters addressed to him.
May Macdonald, a young matron,
did not seem to regard with due. se
riousness her arrest for associating
with inmates of a disorderly house on
Howard street and allowing them to
have custody of her 3-year-old daugh
ter. She treated the matter flippantly
when interrogated by Judge Mogan,
and insinuated that as a married wom
an she was privileged to do as she
liked in the way of training her off
spring. His Honor, however, disil
lusioned her to the extent of announc
ing that she would be held in custody
until provision is made for the child's
pioper upbringing.
Judge Conlan again continued the
case of Dr. Thomas F. Brennan, ac
cused of stealing $37,000 from the Rev.
Father Grey tvhlle serving as his.medi
cal adviser, and intimated that he will
hold the defendant for trial in the Su
perior Court. The continuance was or
dered In order to give the defense time
to prepare bonds and appeal papers.
• • •
And if a look could have annihilated
the indiscreet attorney he would have
perished on the spot.
When the court continued the case
for thirty days in order to give the de
fendant opportunity to prove by good
behavior that she was not deserving of
punishment, the attorney for the de
fense applied for a warrant charging
Mrs. and Miss Neall and Mr.* Jones
with disturbing the peace of his client.
"I won't sign any such warrant," ex
claimed the Judge. "This court pro
poses to preserve its dignity, to say
nothing of its reason. These people
are worse than the Russians and the
Japs, who evidently have some reason
for fighting each other. Next case, Mr.
Clerk."
Mrs. Neall and her cohorts averred
that Mrs. Weirmann distressed the
neighborhood by her disorderly conduct.
She frequently and cruelly beat her hus
band, a small and meek-tempered man,
they swore, and never missed an oppor
tunity to hurl uncomplimentary re
marks at any one who criticized her
unseemly behavior. To such extent did
she carry her offending of Mrs. Neall
that it was absolutely impossible for
that most amiable lady to maintain
her self-esteem and refrain from so
liciting the law's protection. She (Mrs.
Neall) had suffered and borne in
silence what a person of less pacific
inclination would have revolted against
weeks — aye, months — ago.
Mrs. Weirmann and her contingent,
on the other hand, alleged that the
Nealls, mother and daughter, and their
lodger, Harry Jones, combined to make
life an unendurable burden for the
WeirmannsT They had "chucked" coal
at Mrs. Weirmann as she was pursuing
her domestic tasks in the yard of her
dwelling and they had cut her clothe3
line and also threatened to continue
their persecution until it forced her to
leave the street.
Of course the foregoing accusations
were vigorously denied by those
against whom they were made, but the
proceedings were comparatively tame
until the counsel for the defense asked
a witness, Mrs. Ellen Harrington, to
state her age. She promptly answered
that her age was none of his business,
and the Judge approved the answer
and marveled at the man's temerity in
asking such a question. Thus en
couraged, Mrs. Harrington scornfully
eyed her interrogator and exclaimed:
"The ide-ah! The ver-ray ide-ah!
That Dutchman asking me my age!
The ide-ah!" •
Mrs. Clara Neall and Mrs. Julia
Weirmann, next-door neighbors on
Mary street, "had it out" yesterday
morning in the courtroom of Police
Judge Cabaniss. It was a peace dis
turbance case, with Mrs. Neall as com
plainant and Mrs. Weirmann as de
fendant, and each of the ladies was
aided by an eloquent lawyer and
abetted by a crowd I of sympathizing
witnesses.
Dentist M. E. Smith, arrested for
recklessly firing his pistol on the Ocean
Beach last Sunday, was dismissed by
Judge Mogan. Mr. and Mrs. Barker,
who complained that a bullet fired by
the tooth expert had narrowly missed
their heads as they, sat communing
with Neptune, were in court when the
dismissal was ordered and seemed to be
somewhat dissatisfied with the outcome
of their relentless prosecution of the
case. The defendant proved pretty
thoroughly that he did not know there
was a human being within range when
he pulled theMrigger.
John Dowling, hackman, and John
Pulce, bartender, were discussing the
relative fistic merits of Joseph Gans
and James Edward Britt when Mr.
Dowling abruptly closed the argument
by punching Mr. Pulce's right eye, for
which offense Mr. Dowling was arrest
ed and charged with battery. In the
court of Judge Mogan there was such
evident reluctance on the part of Mr.
Pulce to push his complaint that the
case was cast out and then Mr. Pulce
and Mr. Dowling cordially shook hands
and walked away together.
Harry Cooper and James Joseph,
young fellows who stole cigars and
liquors from Henry Bullwinkle's gro
cery on | Polk street, were sen
tenced to six months' imprisonment by
Judge Mogan.
had been purchased by him for a col
ored gentleman of his acquaintance,
the Judge took his word for it and re
lieved the tribunal of his somber pres
ence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October 11.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson. 7 hours from
Port Rogers. _
Stmr fhoeniac. Odland. 44 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Redondo. Krog. 79 hours from Portland.
Stmr Pomo Ahlin. 18 hours from Albion.
Stmr Lakme, Chrlstensen, 44 hours from Eu
reka
Stin r Pomona, Swatson. 23^4 hours from
Eureka. •
Stmr Columbia Doran 62 hours from Port
land, .via Astoria 48>4 hours.
Stmr Chllkat. Hyvarines. 10V4 days from
Pyramid Harbor, via Loring 6% days.
Stmr Whltesboro, Hansen, 23 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 76 hours from Ho
qulam.
Ship TiUie E Starbuck, Wlnn. 27 days from
Hllo.
Fr bark Bidart. Pinsonnet, 152 days from
Glasgow.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. 3 hours from
Holloas.
Schr Metha Nelson, Stensland. 37 days from
Okhotsk Sea.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 11.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria, etc;
Pac Coast S S Co.
Bark AV B Flint, Johnson. Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 11.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Thompson, Port Rogers.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Argo. Dunham, Eel Kiver.
Stmr Newport, Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. Caspar.
Stmr Breakwater Seaman Coos Bay.
Stmr Chico, Martin, Coqullle River.
Stm r Brooklyn. Carlson. Mendoclno.
Stmr Del Nora-, Payne, Crescent City,
Br ship Alice A Leigh. Davlson, New
castle. NSW.
Bark W B Flint. Johnson. Honolulu.
Schr Onward, Atthowe Coquille River.
Schr A J West. Uruner. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct 11. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW;' velocity 20 milts per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per Fr bark Bidart— Aug 2. lat 68 30 S,
Jong 70 42 W, Fr bark Francois d'Ambois*,
from Hamburg for Santa. Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT HAKFORD — Sailed Oct 11. 8 a m —
.Stmr Boniia. for San Francisco.
f Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran.
Cisco. -
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Asuncion,
from Redondo and sailed for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Santa Ana.
from Skagway.
Sailed Oct 10 — Stm r Cottage City, for Skag
way; Ger stmr Nlcaria, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 11 — Stmr Dolphin, from Skag
way.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 11— Stmr Montara,
hence Oct 8 for Seattle; Br stmr Empress of
Japan, from China and Japan for Vancouver
and Victoria.
Passed out Oct 11 — Ger stmr Nlcaria, from
Seattle for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 11— Schr Berth*
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Oct 11 — Fr
bark Edouard Detallle. from Newcastle, Eng,
via Adelaide.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Geo W
Elder, hence Oct 9; stmr Aurella, hence Oct 8.
Arrived Oct 11— Schr William Renton. from
Redondo.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Na
tional City, hence Oct 10.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Oct 11— Stmr
South Bay, from Eureka.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Sailed Oct 11 — Stmr
Melville Dollar, for Mukilteo.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Oct 11— Schr Mawee
ma, from Ballard; schr C S Holmes, from Port
Blakeley.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Noyo. he
Oct 9.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 11— Schr
Henry Wilson, hence Sept 30.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 11— Br «tmr St
Fillens, from Yokohama.
BATH, Me— Launched Oct 11, 1:53 p m— U
S battleship Georgia.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 11— U S »tm r Sher
idan for Manila.
MANILA— Arrived Oct 3 — Br stmr Vulcan,
from New York.
MAKAWELI— Sailed Oct 8— Bark Edward
May. for San Francisco.
ELEELE— Arrived Oct 8— Schr Matthew
Turner, from Newcastle. Aus. via Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Sept 26 — Ger stmr
Mera, from Antwerp.
VENTNOR — Passed Oct 9 — Br ship William
Mitchell, from Antwerp for San Francisco.
SALAVERRY— Arrived Aug 18— Br chip
Clan Buchanan, from Everett.
SUEZ— Arrived Sept 30— Br stmr Yangtsze,
from London for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Sept 29— Br stmr
Sellasla, for Manila.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Sept 21— Ger bark
Pallas for Royal Roads.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 28 — Ger stmr Ara
gonia. for Portland. Or.
PANAMA— Arrived Sept 27— Nor ship Al
bania, from Newcastle, Aus.
TENERIFFE— Passed Sept 21— Ger stmr
Neko. from Hamburg for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed Oct 10— Stmr Sierra, for
San Francisco.
CADIZ — Arrived Oct 4 — Span stmr Isla de
Luzon, from Manila for Liverpool.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 10— Ger «tmr Am
mon, for San Francisco.
LA GUAYRA— Arrived Oct 11— Br «chr Ad
vance, from Mississippi port.
TABLE BAY— Arrived Oct 11— Ital bark
Gactano CaKabona, from Sydney.
HONGKONG — Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Man
churia, for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Oct 9— Ship Emily
Reed, from Port Hadiock.
HARWICH— Arrived Oct 10— Br ehip Bar
core, from Tacoma.
DUBLIN— Arrived Oct 10— It*l ship Cata
rina Accame, hence May 17.
VICTORIA. B C — Arrived .Oct 11 — Br stmr
Empress of Japan, from China and Japan.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Ger
manic, from Southampton; stmr Kronprinz
Wilhelm. from Bremen; utmr Victorian, from
Liverpool; stmr Buenos Ayrean. from Genoa
and Naples.
Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Kaiser Wilhelm der
Grosse. for Bremen via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; stmr Bovic, for Liverpool.
Arrived Oct 11 — Stmr Hohenzollern from
Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Iverna
for Boston via Queenstown; stmr Lake Cham
plaln. for Montreal.
NAPLES— Arrived Oct 11— Strap Romanic
from Genoa and Palermo for Gibraltar and
Boston.
¦«n R1 ? M ?? r T Arrl^ d S 01 "— Stmr Kaiser
.Wilhelm II. from New York via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 10-Stmr Astoria,
from New .York.
HAMBURG— Sailed Oct 5— Stmr .Mannheim,
for New York. • '
FIUME— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Slavonica, for
New York.
CHRISTIANIA— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Hell
gova, for New York.
PALERMO— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Neapoli
tan, from New York.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived prior to Oct 11—
Stmr Manuka, from Vancouver via Honolulu
•nd Brisbane. """ "
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
JUDGE MARVELS AT TEMERITY
Commander Phelps is number
twenty-five on the list of commanders.
On the cruiser California he will rank
a full caotain.
Commander Thomas S. Phelps. U.
S. N.. \* ho will be commanding offlcer
of Jhe new cruiser California, was de
tached yesterday from the command
• >f the U. tS. «. Marblehead. When he
bade grood-by to his shipmates and en
t**rrd the shin's gijj to go ashore he
lound xht* boat manned by a crew of
ofitoera and when the gig pulled up to
the landir.p the people on the dock
were surprised by the sight of a crew
of oarsja<--Ti in blue cloth and sold
lax.-e. To pull a retiring or transferred
commander ashore is a courtesy often
shown by subordinate officers aboard
Fhi;». The boat was manned by Lieu
tenant Daniel \V. Wurtsbaugh, who
pu!lL-d stroke. The others were En-
Fign John T. Burwell, Midshipman M.
fi. Davis, Midshipman Johnson, Gun
ner Iscia.h Wilbur and Warrant Ma
chinist Edward EL Campbell.
Commander F. II. Holmes, who has
been assigned to the Marblehead, has
taken <harge of that vessel. He en
tered the service from this State on
June Z0. 1S70.
Query as to Her Age Provokes
Swift Resentment.
Lawyer Indiscreetly Questions Woman
Two Long Overdue
Vessels Safe in
the Harbor.
Phelps Detached From the arblehead
«
Fellow Officers Pull
His Gig to the
Shore.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 11. 6 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day
from Eastern cities:
Bost °n 70-64 New York 74-64
t"hlcagx> 78-56 Philadelphia 82-CU
C incinnatl 84-66 Plttsburg 82-64
Jacksonville 80-«54 St. Louis 84-6<t
New Orleans 86-701 Washington 86-CS
SAN FRANCISCO 64-56.
Th« following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with thoae of the same date
UM season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka o.9O 3.69 3.25
Red Bluff 1.40 8.14 .46
Sacramento 0.46 8.38 .12
San Francisco 0.72 7.19 .IT
Fresno 0.66 4.»6 .00
Independence 1.00 1.37 .42
San Lulu Obtepo.... 0.26 4.44 .02
Los Angeles Trace 1.08 .43
San Diego 0.00 0.1« .07
(120th Meridian— Pacific Tim«.)
Weather Report.
COAST RECORD.
The Etorm which has been over the Pacific
slop* for the past few days has moved rap-
Idly eastward and now overlies the Rocky
Mountain resrlon. Light rain fell along the
coast from Los Angleec northward and also
in the San Joaquin Valley.
The pressure ha» risrn rapidly over the Pa
cific slope and the winds have changed to
northwest, with clearing weather.
The temperature has fallen from 10 to 14
degrees over the Sierras and the plateau re
gion.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight October 12:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; freeh
northwest wind.
Southern California — Clearing Wednesday;
light west wind.
Nevada — Clearing Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair WednewJay;
fre*h northwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Clearing Wednes
day; lleht west wind.
Sacrameoto and vicinity— Fair Wednesday.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair Wednesday.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster, temporarily in charge.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both placre.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 12.
12 2:00! 4.8! 7:0? 2.4! 1:151 5.51 8:001—0.1
13 3:0O' 4.6' 7:50 2.9| 2:02 5.3 8:58 0.0
14 4:05 4.5 8:50 3.1 2:57 5.0 »:."i» 0.2
15 5:11 4.5 10:00 3.2 3:89+ *-6;ll:00 0.4
16 «:15 4.511:20 3.2 8:17 4.51
!L W IH W L Wi H W
17 I 0:00| 0.6 7:15 4.6 12:40| 3.1 6:18 4.3
18 I 0:52: o.« 8:02 4.9| 1:381 2.7 7:27 4.2
O jTime! ITlme Time |Time
» Ft. I 1 Ft. i 1 Ft. I Ft.
» |h w| II, w| in w, il. w
7
FREE ¦ • FREE — . FREE.
LUNCH— DINNER— TEA.
CREPE PAPER
SETS
< ——Consisting of
TABLE CLOTH,
12 NAPKINS,
•-£18 DOILIES.
As a Table Ornament Nothing
Could Be More Desirable
, or Serviceable.
A SET FREE
WITH WANT ADS.
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page. '
RAILWAY TRAVEK ___3.
•^"l^s. Tr«tn« leave and »r«»rt««
/^(Crrr>j^\, to arrl runt
pHslfl*i 8AN FRANCISCO#
\Vyy &3T7tll '¦<»• Octob«» 2. 1901
\^*,* VV/ TZZKT DXPOT
(Toot of Market Str««!t >
?- >Ay * — MAIN LINE. - A«mW
ZJ>£ A VaesTllle. Winters. Kuinaay- 7 60»
V,« B * Bl «la, Riralra and Sacramento.. 7-2CP
740* Vallejo. Xapa, Caltsto*a, SanU
___ M Ro *a. Marttnei. San Ramon 8.20»
t 5"A N »ea, Tracy. Latarop, Stoctron.... 7.20»
BOOAKhasta RzpreM— (Via DaTti).
William*. Wlllowi, tFruto. Itei
_ „ Blntt Portlnnd. Tacotna. deatile 7-50»
I ¦ COA DaTls.lVcKxlliiDd. Kolzhta Latutlse.
,,, Mary»Tllle. Orawine TSO*
J 9-AOA Port CoRti. Martinez. Anttoeh.
; Bjron. Tracy. Stockton. Saw
; maa. Los Bnno*. Mendota,
! Armona. Uaaford. V 1 (alia,
! ' li, PorterTnio 4.20»
• Ma port Costa. . Modesto. Merced.
I Freton. Oostien Janction, Uan-
i ford. VU.lla. nakenrteld 4 50*
| 8 30 a snea. Baa Jose. Ll»ermore. Suk-.*-
tor». (t Milton). lone. 3»cr»mrnta.
: .„ MarysTtHe. Chico. Ked Bluff .... 420p
190a Oakdale. Chlneie. Jamtstawn. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angels 420*
• Cwa Atlantic Bxprea*— Ojc^en *nd Ean. 5 20o
8.30a Richmond. Martlnes aod Way
Station* 8509
10 OCA Tbe Oreriaod Limited — Onden.
Omaa«. Chli-«jo, Deliver, Kansas
Citj. St. Loui» 820*
10.00a Vallejo 12 20»
10- 00a Lot Anvetes Pamcnger — Port
Costa, Martlnei. Dyrua. Tracy.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Freino. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoorr, Vlaalla.
Bakertaetd. Los Angles 7 20»
12.00m Haywsrd. Klleaaad Way 8utlons. 3.2O
- tl 00p Sacramento IM-rer 8tcamera. 1 11.00*
5-30P Benlela. Winter*. 8scram«nta
IToodland. Kntjfhu Laadlnar.
MarysTllle. Ororllle and way
..„ stations 10 50*
l-SOPBayward.Klles and Way Stations.. 7 53*
4.0CP Uartlnei.San IUmon,ValIeJo,Napa.
.„ Call.tojra. Santa !{o«a » 20a
4 CCPNMrs. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 1020a
4 3flPHayw»rd. Nlles. lrrlngton. Ban) tS-SOA
_ __ Jose. LITermore | J11.50*
S-OOp Tbe Owl Limited— Xewm«n. Los
Bmno*. Mendoia. Fresno. Tulare,
_„ BakertSeld.LoaAnseiea. 850a
> tS-iOstBayward. Nlles and san Jose 7 20*
• ¦COp Hay ward. Klles and San Joie 9 50*
I COp Esstera Expreii — Omaba. Chicago,
DenYer. Kansaa City, t*t. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramento.
Col fax. Reno. SpaTlcs, Tonopan,
... Keeler. O«dea 12.50*
»-5S p Vallejo. dal!y. except Sunday... . I 7 Kn _
7-OOp Vallejo. Sunday only f 7MP
7 COP Klchmnnd. 6an Pablo. Port Cents
llartlaex and Way SUtloai 11 20a
I. Cop Port Coita, Martinez, Byron.
Tracy, Lat nr op. M o d e • t o,
Merced, Berenda, Freino and
Way Stations beyond Port Coot* 12-20*
8-05p Yo^emlte Valley, rla Berenda and
Wawdna (kionday, Wednesday
and Friday) 850a
¦ ¦05p Manlnea. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
S-06p Oregon A California Express — S»o-
ramento, XIaryiTille, Beddtac. «
Portland, Paget Sound and Eait. 8.50A
I.IOp Hay ward, Nlles and Saa Joie (Sa»
dayonly) 1150a
COAST LINE CUrnm iianss).
mt (foot ot Market Street.) m
8.16a Newark. CenterVjile. B*U Joi«, "*
Felton, Doalder Creek. Bant*
Crns and Way Stations 5 5S»
121 5 p Newark. CenterrtUe. Saa Josa.
Few Almnden.Loi Oatoi.Felton,
Boulder Crnek. Santa Crus and «
Principal Way Stations tiOBSa
4.15P Newark. Saa Joie, I^« Gatos... | 'jj.Jjj*
«9-30p Hunters* Train (Saturday only)—
San Joae and Way Station! t7-2S»
COAST LINE (»ro«,i i..4,»,.
Cy~ Cf bird and i'ownaend Streets.)
8.10a Ban Jose and Way Stations 6 30*
700a Saa Joie and Way Stations 640*
I 00a New Almaden (Tucs., Frld.. only). 4.10*
800a The Coaster— San Joie. 6a1tnaa,
8an Ardo, P»«o Roblei, Santa
ilarzarlta. San Lais Obltpo,
Oaaaalape, Ga» lota, Santa Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura. Mon-
talvo. Oxnard, B or bank. Los
Anceles m 10-30*
800 A Gtlroy. Holitster, CastroTtlle. Del
Monte. Pacific Grore, Surf, Lonv
poo 1030*
8.00a 8an Joie. Trei Plnoi.Wataonri!le,
Capttola. Santa Cruz, Pactflo
Grove, Saltnaa. San Lull Oblapo
and Principal Way Station 4.10st
10.30a Ban Joie and Way Stations. 1.20»
11 30a San Joie and Way Stations 7.30s*
2-16p Ban Joie and Way Station! 8-3SA
*-80PDel Monte Kxpren— Santa Clara.
Ban Joie, Wat ioht tile. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific GroT« 12-15*
13-00* Loa Gatoi. Wrtiht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge t1045A
I-30P Valencia St., South San Frnnetieo,
Burlinitatne. San Joie, Gtlroy.
Bol (liter. Tres Ptnos 10 45*
4.30* a» n joae and Way Stations +8 C0a
t6-00P Santa Clara, Sin Jose. Lei Gatoi,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) t9-00A
|5-30p SaajMeandPrtnelpalWayStattona {9.40a
6 45p Basset Express.— lied wood. San
Joae, Gil roy. Salinas. Paso Koblea.
Ban Lnli Oblino. Sanu Barbara.
Loa Ancelei. l)emlns. Kl Paao.
St. Louis. New Orleans. If ewTork g IQa
845p Pajaro, WauonTtlle, Ca pi tola,
¦ Santa Cruz. CastroTllle. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove 1030*
18.16* 8anMateo,Berciford.Belraont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto 18. 48a
6 30p San Jose and Way Stations. 831a
8. 00p Palo Alto and Way Buttons inn.
11^0pSoattiSa»*rancUco.MIUbraa.Bar-
Unsame, Ban Mateo, Setmont.
Ban CJOfoa. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo F*rSt. and Palo Alto 1945*
«1130p M ayfleld, Mountain View, Bonny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Ban Joee t>.4te
A tor MoralBK. P for Afternooa.
t Boaday «zeepte4. I 8nudar oalr
a Batnrday only. • Monday only.
IStopi at all itaUom ea Sunday.
CALIPOBNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
libxuroa Perry— root of Maikat Street.
SAK 3TRAHCISCO TO SAW BATAXXk
1?SEK OATS — T:3O. »:0O, U:OO a. m. : V2.JS.
8:30. 0:10, 8:SO p. m. Thursdays — Extra txia
at 11:50 p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20, 11:30 o- m.
SAH BAFAXL TO SAW TUAS CISCO.
"WEEK DATS— «:0S. 7:33, 7:SO. 9:20. H:U
a. m.; 12:8O, 8:40. 5:0O, 5:2O p. m.
Saturdays — E^xtra trip at 2:00 and 0:33 p. as.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:*O.
4:08. a:0a. 8:33 p. m.
L«av« I In Effect I Arrlva
Baa Francisco. |Oct. 2. 1904. | 8an TnatAm»m
Week I Sun- I I Son- I Weak
Days. I day*. | Destination. | days. | Day*. s
7:S0am 8:00am 0:10am S:40am
»:50«m Icnado 10:40am 10:20am .
8:S0pm 3:30pm 6:06pm o:20pa»
8:10pm fl :00pm 7:85pm
T:80an ' 9:10am « :40am
8:00am Novato 10:40am 10:20ara
8:80pm 9 :30am Petatnma A :06pm 8:20gaa
* :10pm 3:30pm and 7:35pm ' ,
5 : 00pm Santa Rosa
7:S0am lO:4Oam 10:20aa
8:00am Fulton 7:33pm 8:20pn
8:80pm 8:30pm __
Windsor I
T^Oam 8:00am Healdsburr 10:40am 10:20ana
Lytton
8:80pm 8:S0pm Geyser vllle 7:33pm « :20pm
ClOTerdaie *
T^Oaml 8:00am| Hopland llO:40am|10:20»m
a:80pm| 8 :30pm I and Uklah I 7 :33pm | 8:20pn»
I I "WU11U and t I
T30am| 8:00am| Sherwood | 7:8Spm| 8:20pg|
7:30am) 8:00am| |10:40am|10-^aai
8 :30pm I 3:3Opm| OaerneTille | 7:33pm[ «:30pB»
7:3Oam| 8:0Oam| Sonoma I 9:10am| 9:40dm
8:10pzn| tt:O0pm| Glen Ellen I «.05pm| 8: 20pm
7:30am! 8:00am! |i0:40«m]10:»aai
8:80pm| 3:30pm| Sebastopol I 7:3apm| 8:2Opra
STAGES connect at Green Brad {or Saa
Qu«ntln: at Santa, Rosa for White Sulphur
BpTinK* and Mark West Springs; at Lytton tor
Lytton Springs; at Oeyservllla for Stcagf*
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelsernile. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at Uklab
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blu*
Lakes, Laurel 'Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-
per Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's,
Riverside, LJerly*s. Bucknell's. Sanhedrla
Helghta. Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot Sprln*rs. Halfway
House, Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Port Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wllllta
for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Brajrir. Cahto, Covelo, Laytonville. Cum-
Dings Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Frult-
land. Dyer. Garberville, Camp 6, Pepperwood.
Ecotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
JAS. L. KRAZ1ER. R. X. RYAJf,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway^
Lt. Saa fru:ii.-o I rf/S&m. **. Saa rnacisfi ~"
Tk. Uji *™±Wj/f£ffiW&k JMJay^l **. Bajt
_ „ H:23a [SfiSSjcreS !:««>«* *1»:5Oa
0:50a 9:5OA|)^a9^»f 3:53? 2:53p
*i:45i» l:45p[ TeS&St 6:3S;» '""g:83p*
Si:anl»TS 4:33p y&jT Si'.ardijj 11:12^
- »Tta Crarity Car y MtTainalpai»t>MiUTsJliT
TICltT i 650 Majuczt ST.,(North Shore Railroad]
fl/TICSS ) and Sausalito Fesry, Foot Market Sc
yw^tw^t » 11 «i Hi;— — »'»i i"» -».<«-. «»m-»-<i««»»«»«— tjiXJasssa
—^— —^^^ —^ — —^ m — 1
WEEKLT CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAS*
'¦} ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunks, Suit Cases
and Leather Goods
In unlimited styles and vari-
eties at the right price. New
j and up-to-date goods con-
I stantly arriving. Our goods
I are always dependable. Don't
fail to call on us when you
are interested.
A. B. Smith Co.,
116 Ellis, near Powell.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great •)
OF AHATOHY>
\ l*sr?e*t Anatomical Mtucun in Ik* \
f) vab^ World. Wcacoauc* or in, contract^ A
1 [aSl diit»«« p*»UI«*lr carMlD r the •ideu f
O f*£?£3§ &p«ailiit oath* Com, *«t- 3* r «»'*• O
0 fl!S$?ft DR> OF MEN 6
! \ wGxffba ConwaUuiam fr«e »nd I'rltttT prlrate. \
0 I J&Ct It TrMim«>t p«ron»ii y «r bjr letter. A A
\ I V «jl V ***** Cmiamtj cuanncUrttke*. \
n F I I1& Wnte for Bo»k. rBIL«*urBT.f >
" il il »4nRUCE, mailed raaa. fAf
/S 0 tr ™ l "*'> 1 « bosk for tsm) \
Y D& JOBDAX * CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. P
CUTLERY
EVERY BLA1E WARRANTED
feAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1 S A GREAT 1UESTOHATIVE. 1NV1OOKA-
* tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tbe Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of Um
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own mertta,
NABER. ALPS A BRUNE. A»enta.
C2S Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
[DISCOVERY
FOR THE
, gf LOOP.U VER.LU NGSi
Cum a Cold fnOneDay a Cr^m 2 Days
RDTTCU17C 5K)R BARBERS. BA-
JDjL\UOnijO kera. bootblacks, bath-
| houses, billiard tables,
; brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera.
j dyers, flour mills. ¦ foundries , laundries, paper*
I hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
jS^^S^fl MEN AND WOMEN.
«£&£|§KOirBES* l wgJ Cie Blf efornnnatarai
Jt&vy la lt»t «»rvV3 dtschargM.lnflanimaUona,
C@&7 Osaranited TH Irritations or ulcor»tloa«
ffvsji s*t to •ui«t«r«. "¦ of maoous mtmbrsata,
EZZB f ««su fwiMic Pslnlssi. and not aitrla.
ITafTriE tTAHS CMtMttAlUO. gent or poiionon*.
tfigSl CJ W1XWTI.0 g^a Sold hj Dronrlila,
"XiSSfji^. B.8.A. Z£ejT «t i*nt in plain wrappot.
jPtv^t^k^ by ozprws, prepaid, for
VHs^-SS^KvfnB • 10 °- ° r 3 bsttlaa •3.7».
¦¦ Circular «ect oa wausrt.
patents! i)
y^^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jL+^tJm fi -^ HEARST ST. Established
BjpTfS^JHkln 1854 for tlie treatment of Private
H3, )K ¦¦fgjf Dlspa.ses. I^>st Manhood. Dfhllityor
sjMSmbEm d Kfsg* wr&rlDiron body and mind and
Diseases. The Doctor cures- when
3MgMlj»Bothers fail. Try htm. fbarxes low.
' ' I «— — j Callor writs.
Dr. J. r. GIBBON, San FrareUco. CaL
|ASTHMANOLA|
I» the only cure for Nei-rons aafl
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 898 HAIGHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
g
Qltmited to CHicanoB
M LEAVES MONDAYS tnd THURSDAYS II
Hat O:3O ». m., throug-a la 3 dajs,ra
ra with diner and all trapping*. ¦
Other Santa Fe Trains i
u-^o a! m* 1 for Stockton. Fresno. BakarsfleM.
8:00 p. ntj Merced. Hanfort and Vlaalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Caayon and
Chfeazo.
TICKET OrPICES — 641 Market St. aal
Ferry Depot. S. F. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 37 South First St,
San Jose.
IM^iil] To SAN RAFAEL.
l^^pM ROSS VALLEY,
mLl VALLEY,
CA ZADERO, Etc.
ISS5iISa*Rl**iW*» < via SauaaUto Parry
SUBURBAN 6ER.VICK, STANDARTj OAUQE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally. a t tt-M
7 4^ 8:25. 8:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:«
li»! 5:1B. 6:50. 6:30. 7:15. 9:00 and 'a'. 1^
P * Arrive at San Francisco, daily, » t tflMft i
7W 6:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. ra.; i : % '
liS; BIOS. 6:42. «:22. «:87. 7:40 and ' 1
p ra - ' * t
tDally exceot Sunday. -,.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat
urdays at 3:15 p. ro.. and dally except Satur
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:15 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only— For Cazadaro,
•tc ¦' ¦ . '
5:15 p. ra.. dally, except Saturday and Bun-
day, for Tomales. etc
TICKET OFFICE — 660 Market »t.
- FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at
ADVEKTISISMEXTS.
D Q Eh M H Q bsuQ Ksi9
"I tried all kinds of blood remedies which failed
to do me any good but I have found the right thins
at last. My face was fall of pimples and black*
heads. After taking Casearets they all left. I am
continuing the use of them and recommending
t^em to my friends. I feel line when I rise n the
morning. Hope to hare a chance to recommend
Casearets." ¦• •
Fred C. WItten . 78 Elm St., Newark. N. 3.
B N^yjy The Dowels j*
CANDY CATHARTIC _^gg^T
' Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Kever Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c, 25c, 50e. Kerer
sold in balk. Tho genuine tablet stamped C O C.
Guaranteed to care or your money back.
'. • Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 535
AMNUAL SALE. TEN M1LU0H BOXESThe Smoke From the Chimney Is Destroying the Young.
ROUGH ON THE NESTLING.
The United Crafts and Art building,
147 Presidio avenue, will be the scene
of a musical affair on Friday evening.
The Pianistic Club will tender to Rich
ard A. Lucchesi a testimonial concert
in recognition of his efforts for many
• • •
A card party for the benefit of the
San Francisco Maternity Hospital will
be given by the board of directors on
Thursday afternoon at 4 o'clock In the
Century Club rooms. This worthy and
favored charity is receiving just such
support as becomes a Western burg.
And success to it! Likewise to Its pro
moters.
Miss Grace Booth, whose song recital
in the St. Francis a month ago was a
society and musical success, is now in
New York, where her rare voice is
much in demand.
• • •
Mrs. Harr Wagner (Madge Morris)
and daughter, Miss Morris Wagner, are
at Harmon Springs for a fortnight's
stay. v
Mrs. M. H. de Young and her daugh
ters, Miss Helen and Miss Constance,
who have been spending the summer at
their San Rafael home, have returned
to San Francisco— which means that
things will soon liven up in the Cali
fornia-street home.
• • •
Mrs. William Sydney Wood was hos
tess at a luncheon yesterday in the
Palace Palm Garden, in honor of Mrs.
Corbin, wife of Major General Cor
bin. The table was effectively dec
orated with white and yellow chrysan
themums. The guests were: Mrs.
Corbin, Mrs. I. L. Requa, Mrs. Fred
erick Kohl, Miss Mary Kohl, Mrs. E.
B. Pond, Mrs. Samuel Knight, Mrs.
Robert Oxnard, Mrs. Louis Monteagle,
Mrs. Cullen F. Welty, Mrs. Chauncey
Winslow, Mrs. Herbert Moffatt, Mrs.
Godey of Washington, Mrs. Thomas B.
Bishop.
Miss Wilson was a promised de
butante, but the allurements of for
eign wanderings proved her undoing.
On Monday Miss Grace Wilson with
her mother, Mrs. John M. "Wilson, of
2910 Jackson street, left for the East.
After a brief visit in Gotham they
will embark for Europe.
Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chase, the
hostess of so many charming house
parties, will entertain several friends
the latter part of this week at "Stag's
Leap," her*'country home in the Napa
valley. Mr. and Mrs. Ferderick Kohl
will be partakers in the hospitality,
for all the guests will leave town in
Mr. Kohl's steam launch, cruising u;>
the bay and up Napa River, disem
barking at Napa to drive for the rest
of the journey. This time of year is
quite as lovely as the spring time, and
fortunate .are the folk who will enjoy
the balm of rain-freshened air. The
participants will be: Mr. and Mrs.
Chase, Mr. and Mrs. Kohl. Mrs. Wil
liam G. Irwin, Mrs. Reginald Brooke,
Mrs. Downey Harvey, Lanzing Mizner,
James D. Phelan, Mr. Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Babcock are
home again from Lake Tahoe, where
they have been sojourning throughout
the summer.
Mrs. "Nellie Holbrook-Bllnn is en
tertaining her niece, Mi3s Cathleen
Sherman, recently graduated from
Smith College. San Francisco will see
Miss Smith throughout the winter, as
she will be a guest in the Blinn home
for several months.
Paymaster and Mrs. Eugene H. Trl
ccu are soon to be in San Francisco to
visit the parents of Paymaster Tricou,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Tricou. At pres
ent they are at the Norfolk navy yard.
Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Guyett gav* a
charming musicale at their residence.
2019 Pacific avenue, on Friday night
in honor of Mrs. Ernest H. Palmer,
who departed for Boston the following
day. Elaborate decorations of chry
santhemums and soft light from cande
labra added to the occasion. There
were present Mr. and Mrs. Richard
Derby, Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Shar
rocks, Mrs. L. A. Plaister. Mrs. George
A. Hastings, Miss Aida Hastings. Miss
Zita Hastings. Miss Darby, Miss Alice
Hastings. Dr. G. F. Rodden. Bush Fin
nell. Charles Hunt, Philip Schuyler, P.
Kelsey, Alexander F. Douglas, George
McBride and M. Keene.
• • •
"William S. "Webster arrived here from
Honolulu last Saturday on the barken
tine Coronado.
Mrs. J. W. Flood gave a tea on Mon
day afternoon to Miss Marie Adam and
Miss Lora MacFarlane of Albanv. N. Y.
Miss Adam Is to become the bride this
evening of Clarence Musto, and Mrs.
Flood's tea was one of the many ante
nuptial affairs that have recently been
planned in honor of the bride.
• -•'.•¦ • •
Miss Stella Peck is with her father.
Philip Peck, at the California Hotel. He
is well known as a banker and sugar
planter In Hilo, where his plantations
are a revelation. Miss Peck, a native
of San Francisco, will remain here un
til January and during her stay many
functions will be given for her enter
tainment.
Mrs. Frank Richmond, the talented
writer, who left the city some weeks
ago, is now In Rome, where the floral
festivals are in the fullness of their
glory.
• • •
• • '¦ •
Captain and Mrs. John H. "Whan<»y
have taken a cottage at San Rafael.
Captain "Whalley has been appointed
military. Instructor of the Mount Tamal
pais Military Academy, their home
may be said to be over the bay.
I years in music work here. There will
' be piano and vocal solos of a high or
der, and a special number will be the
Leschetzsky riano arrangement for
left hand alone of the •'Lucia Sextet."
This will be played by Miss Sadie a.
j Nafer. formerly a pupil of Mr.
Lucehesi.
BY SALLY SH0RP-
THE SMART SET
littlfr better than others. Is showing
her hand and casting a doubt upon
her own standing. For if a woman is
a lady she is always in good society.
All the efforts she makes, all the low
ering of her own dignity and compro
mises with her own soul that* she con
sents to for the purpose of keeping in
with ascertain Set, are steps downward.
But the amount of this sort of thing
which is done daily Is appalling. So
ciety is pleasant to us all, if it means
having fr*iends and the interchange of
courtesy which is natural among
friends. But society in the sense of
trying to see how many well-known
people we can know, how many teas
and affairs of various kinds we can
attend, involves all sorts of tricks
and subterfuges which are not elevat
ing. In this excellent essay the writer
dwells upon the real things of society,
which are friendship, affection, cour
tesy and real human kindness. «• .
"May we not, then think of these
vainglorious gewgaws, which shallow
people mistake for the marks of social
ANSWERS.
Oignon brule, as the new light red
dish-brown is called, is good in street
gloves. . , f
*— : ; u
ing it H5 an air-tight glass. He says
there is no reason why the light will
not remain brilliant forever if the
glass is not broken. A company has
been formed to manufacture the light
in various sizes. A patent hood fits
over the light and hides it when the
light is not needed.
SATISFIED.
In conceding Nebraska to the Republicans, Bryan declares that
Parker is too much like Roosevelt to head an opposition, party.' Could
it have been possible that he had in his mind his own antithetic quali
ties? • • ¦ . • -
The English paper that declared Tom Watson to be the .'.'alter
nate candidate" of the Democratic ticket should hear from that fiery
Southern gentleman shortly. This comes pretty near being the last
straw. ¦-*-..¦
An Iowa bank robber, after getting away with a snug sack,
suddenly gave himself up to the police with the announcement that
his conscience hurt him. If this commendable sensitiveness of con
science were only more generally manifested our police forces' could
be given an economical reduction.
A grizzly bear recently treed a waiter at the Yellowstone Hotel
and kept him thus in durance during the long hours of the night.
Maybe he was one of these waiters who always expect a tip and
the bear can hardly be blamed.
Those Oakland youths who robbed a vacant house of its elec
trical apparatus in order that they might better pursue their school
studies in physics exhibited a commendable spirit of scholarly de
votion, but they must learn the co-ordination between nature's laws
and the laws of man if they would achieve eventual success.
Invents Everlasting Light.
A light of thirty-six candle-power,
which, it Is claimed, will never go out,
has been discovered by an inventor
named Magrady in - London. While
experimenting with photographic
chemicals* some years ago . Magrady's
attention ..was attracted by a glow - in
a small globe. The glow was caused
by a chemical which the discoverer
keeps a secret. Magrady enlarged the
glow and perfected the light by plac-
SOME amount of public co-operation may well be invited to
check a trade evil which is now assuming measurable propor
tions. We refer to the expedient of imitating the distinguishing
features of some successful commodity with a view of deceiving
customers into the purchase of articles other than those which they
had intended to purchase.
It is hard to imagine a greater commercial injustice than that
an honest producer or manufacturer should be thus deprived of the
well earned fruits of the industry, skill and excellence which have
gradually won a position of public approval. Offenders in this re
spect are usually well versed in the art of keeping themselves just
within the pale of the law, but the public, by the exercise of a
greater care and observation, can not only secure substantial justice
for those who have merited their support, but they can also protect
themselves against imitations which, because they are imitations,'are
presumably inferior. ; *- ;
A TRADE EVIL.
5 HERE is a very excellent short
essay in a recent quarterly pub
lication on the subject of good
society. Now, of course, there
Is »a wide distinction between so
ciety and good society, which distinc
tion is often overlooked in these lat
ter days. The amount of bitter feel
ing engendered by the strife which so
ciety involves often makes life a very
sad thing for persons who ought to
be happy, says a writer In the St. Paul
Globe. A few quotations from the
article may be of interest:. "It is the
firm grip, the upright carriage, the
steady eye, the responslye smile —
these things and their kindred that
speak for social distinction. And,
above all, it is the little acts" t of
thoughtfulness, the evidences of ca'th
ollc sympathies, the tokens of an un
selfish and loving, nature, that mark
the true aristocrat in human society."
The woman who will sacrifice
everything to a fancied social posi
tion, the being seen with certain per
sons who have set themselves up as a
WOMAN AND GOOD SOCIETY
THE city of Oakland is in the slough of despond since the people
refused to have parks, boulevards, sewers, a city wharf and de
cent city buildings. It is a hard case, and the progressive folks
over there have our sympathy, as they had our support in trying to
do better. Their despondency would be -increased if they could see
the comments of the Eastern press on their failure to advance up to
modern requirements.
In their despair they are now proposing to annex Oakland to
San Francisco. To this we object. If the progressive element only
could come under the glad wing of this city's enterprise, those who
compose it would be welcome. But we object to reinforcing our own
mossbacks with the Oakland contingent that has just voted down a
Polytechnic high school and other much needed improvements. We
fear they would want to rent Golden Gate Park for a hog pasture and
turn the Hall of Justice into an apartment house. We would rather
undertake to educate them where they are, in a higher and better
civic spirit.
We cordially invite the disappointed progressists of Oakland to
come over and see us and forget their chagrin by a stroll in our
park and a visit to the ocean beach, to hear what the wild waves say.
ANNEXATION IN OAKLAND.
the ultimate specialized needs of young and immature children is
obviously impossible, however much we might wish to equip each
one with the precise selection of intellectual tools which he will
eventually need. The best that we can do is to see that all children
are adequately furnished with the groundwork of knowledge which
all are certain to require and in this way to allow other branches of
learning to sprout at will from a healthy and well nourished stem.
We shall perhaps ultimately recognize that the object of the
school is not so much to furnish knowledge as to create or call
forth the love of knowledge. The mere acquisition of facts is a very
small matter compared with the general mental attitude which the
school can give and which once obtained will remain a life-long
possession, an intellectual asset to which all other things will be
added. This is perhaps only another way of saying that the forma
tion of character is the greatest gift which the school can confer, be
cause it implies not merely the certainty "of a constantly increasing
and comprehensive knowlelge, but also all those faculties which
guarantee success in the coming struggle of life. It is a noteworthy
fact that a very large proportion of the world's greatest men have
been by no means noted for their learning, but without exception
they have all been distinguished by dominant and determined char
acter, which brings with it a knowledge of human nature and an
adaptability to circumstances, which is education in its highest
sense.
r T~* HE quality and substance of the education which is being given
I to our children is likely to occupy a permanent position upon
the field of friendly debate so long as we recognize it to be
the factor which it unquestionably is in the future success and prog
ress of the nation. America is one of the few countries of the
world wherein education is not regarded as a subject for the display
ot charity, one of the very few countries which heartily and en
thusiastically recognizes it as an essential to national progress and
preservation. America educates her children not alone because it is
due to them to be educated, but because it is due to herself to have
them educated.
There are of course very many educational problems which
present themselves from time to time and about which marked dif
ferences of opinion are likely to prevail. A nation's activity covers
a very vast field, and the educational implements which are essen
tial to one individual may be entirelv useless to another. To discern
THE PROBLEM OF EDUCATION.
With this high conception of the judicial office, The Call advises
the election of Superior Judges Scawell, Murasky, Kerrigan and
Troutt. They have been named by various party conventions, which
is made necessary by our election laws, but we invite for them the
united support of our citizens, without regard to what political body
named them, or any of them.
San Francisco has the opportunity now, by taking the course
which we advise, to take our judiciary out of party politics, and
should take advantage of it. The opportunity arises in the learning,
impartiality and high judicial character of the four gentlemen we
have named. Lawyers and laymen should join in their support, re
warding the merit of past good service, and securing for the city
a sound and able bench.
AN able and independent judiciary is the sole safeguard of all
rights, and the conservator of public order and peace. The
election of such a judiciary far transcends any political or party
interest. There is no politics, no partisanship in the law, which all
make and all must obey. Therefore there should be no politics and
no partisanship in the election of the judges who administer the law.
They should be spared the necessity of feeling the slightest alle
giance to any party, and their obligation should run equally to every
member of the community, to be discharged only by the impartial
administration of the law. ,
THE JUDICIARY.
•Mrs. Weeds— I suppose the law in' this
State gives" the widow her third. •"•• ~ J
Lawyer— Oh; yes; } but you've got* to
set rid" bryour second first.
HIS IDEA.
COULDNCT SAY.
, Major Yell— General, are you a judge
of horseflesh? '
'•*. General Blow— Don!t know. Never eat
any that' I, know of. •'—
A HOT* ONE.
Judge Knox (in the courtroom)— I've
lost my hat. .- ' '
Attorney — That's nothing. -I- lost a
«ult here, yesterday. .< - > - • ¦ ¦
Townsend's California- Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 7« Mark"? .2
Special Information supplied dally tn
business houses and public men by tlu
Prsss Clipping Bureau (Allen's) "SOcSi
Uoraia street. T«lepbon« Mala i(>«, •
I - don't think I would care to change
This old, world if I could.
What could be sweeter than the songs
'Of wild birds Jn the wood?
Or prettier than sweet sixteen?
More grand than matronhood?
Oh. no, I wouldn't change the world
At all; not if I could.
Could I improve a baby's laugh?
Add sweetness to the look
A mother gives her. little brood?
Add ! beauty to the brook? >
I would not dare nor care to try
. Sky, wood and plain and dell
Are good enough for me, I guess;
They suit me pretty well.
.; ' —Houston Post.
The mussiness of the white linen suit
is a drawback. It is apt to look as if
you had slept in it after a shc*t jour
ney.
For ceremonious gowns the most pop
ular colors are white, wine, mastic
putty and chalk and all of the new
silks and veilings may be found in
these shades.
BRIEF HINTS.
Ruchings of soft material or ribbon
are among the new and well liked trim
ming ideas. •
If white stockings are worn the white
shoe will not have a tendency to exag
gerate the size of the foot.
MICHAEL ANGELO— A Subscriber,
City. Michael Angelo was a painter,
sculptor and architect who was^-fioted
for his work in every branch, but par
ticularly for his piety, benevolence and
liberality. &SSS
TO MT. DIABLO— Subscriber. City.
The distance from San Francisco to the
top of Mt. Diablo by the short route —
from this city to Martinez, to Wal
nut Creek and wagon road to the sum
mit—is fifty-eight miles. Of this there
are thirty-six to Martinez, twelve to
"Walnut Creek and ten to the summit.
STATE LANDS— J. K., City. . The
proper party to write to in regard to
State lands Is the Surveyor General,
Sacramento, Cal.
Mercerized cotton vestlngs are quite
a study at this season, new fall de
signs having come in. Some are
hideous, as one, for instance, which
has cross bars of red, suggesting noth
ing so much as kitchen toweling.
Others again are highly artistic and.
among them are represented very deli
cate colorings of pink, green and yel
low. The basket weaves are well rep
resented and there are also very fine
vestlngs of pure white with designs
thrown en. These goods are quite as
expensive as their woolen competita**^
costing 50 to 75 cents a yard.
COTTON TESTINGS.
The middle-aged man who resided In
the /tail white house, with .the green
blinds simply sat. and looxed^nd look
ed and looked at the middle-aged wife
of his bosom, and she sat' and looked
and looked and looked at him. Neither
said a word. , . i
She had painstakingly planted his
liver, pills, and he in turn had taken
her sweet peas.
There really wasn't anything to say.
Their Achievement*.
VEILS.
Big dots are seen.
Dots match the veil.
Gun metal green veils are good.
Bluet figures in face veils.
Mousse matches hats of this shade.
feheer crepe Is worn for drapery veils.
Pale blue is in the greatest evidence.
Veils are a part of automobile hats.
Violet veils are becoming to the few.
Only one orange veil has been seen.
Face veils are worn snug and trim.
Some drapery veils Just go around the
hat.
The three-yard length chiffon veil is
attractive.
For the house, to wear with the
negligee, the new shoes are lovely.
They are made of ooze kid, of suede
and of the softest of slipper kid.
A few of the new shoes show the
toothpick toe. But there is this about
the Dointed toe, that it is not neces
sarily injurious. The shoe can be made
so big and so long that the toothpick
dees not cramp the foot.
MY LADY'S SnOES.
But after all, it is the teas and so
cial gatherings that bring people to
gether, and in a busy age when wom
en at least have more to do than they
can well get through with, unless one
goes to these things where friends are
found and made, one is out of it. A
little of that kind of society is good
for us all.-
But good society is having a few
real friends upon whom one can al
ways depend; whose affection Is not
influenced by, one's chance circum
stances, or upon what one has or does.
And this kind of good society Is pos
sible to all of us who will go half way
to meet It.
distinction, as so many unworthy ex
crescences which mar the beauty and
symmetry of true society? Fashiona
ble calls and chattering teas * * *
decollete dress and swallow-tail .coats,
with all the attendant airs that mask
the man, how they retard social in
tercourse and obscure the essentials of
life!" «
Side puffs are now the thing In coif
fures, instead of the big, round pompa
dour, aureole-like, which once reigned.
So there are side puff combs which aid
Immensely in securing the desired ef
fect. The comb proper supports a roll
of celluloid, over which the hair is
drawn.
SIDE PUFFS.
COLD MEAT CROQUETTES. — Take
any cold, fresh meat, with enough
cold ham to flavor the meat, chop to
gether, very fine; add half as much
rolled cracker, salt, pepper, nutmeg
and prepared mustard, to taste; a lit
tle lump of butter and a teaspoonful of
catsup; mix well together; make into
cakes, dip into beaten yolk of egg, roll
in cracker crumbs and fry in a little
lard to a nice brown.
FILLED EGGS.— Boil the eggs un
til very hard, take off the shell, cut In
half, take out the yolks, do not break
the white; rub yolks. to a cream with
melted butter, season with chopped
pickles, pepper and salt and a little
made mustard; put the mixture into
the whites, cut a slice from the bottom
of the egg so they will stand on a
platter; decorate with lettuce leaves or
water cress.
CLUB SANDWICH. — A delicious
luncheon dish is a club sandwich.
Toast as many slices of bread as are
required, cut very thin as many slices
of cold boiled ham as there are to be
sandwiches, put a leaf of lettuce on
a slice of the hot toast, then a slice of
the hot broiled ham, then a thin slice
of the breast of a cold chicken, then a
little mayonnaise, then a leaf pt let
tuce, and top off with a slice of toast.
Serve hot.
RECIPES.
FASHION'S WHIMS.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPKECKELS Propriety
ADDRESS ATX, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN SlcXAUGHT > atmnm&*
PUBLICATION' OPTICS THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. HAW ntAWCIgCO
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 12. 1904
8RUSH IT.' Gabriel Prlntin* CJo., "Print A»y
ttin»r." U9 ; Sacramento ft. . Nerer disappoint.*
OCTOGENARIAN .MISSING. — Coroner L*
lxnd was notified yesterday that Cornelius
Buck of 118 Leaveaworth street bad been
ralssir - from , home ever since Monday night.
He li W years old. . 4;
ELECT DIRECTORS AND TRtTSTEES.— At
the innnal meeting of the Ohabal Sbaioma
ccngreg'a.Uon, Bush ' street Dear - Lacuna, the
following members were elected as directors
and trustees of the - congregation: - Maurice
Kahn. Philip Stern, Bernard Relss.M. Fried
man, H: Stern. Leon Dennery. L Frohman, M.
Getz. : M. Harris.' A. Levy ¦ and ; D. Davis. The
report showed the congregation to 'be In a
prosperous condition. .¦ . ¦ "
Says Her Daughter Was Kidnaped.
Mrs, Henrietta Haswell, 227 Ala
bama street, reported to' Captain Bur
nett yesterday that " her daughter,
Mcnica. 17 "years of age, had been kid
naped by Mrs. Martha " Adair, who Is
only. 19 years of age. She believed
that Mrs. Adair ; was / hiding "> the ' girl
somewhere* In Fruitvale." Detective
Bailey jwas'detailed on the case and he
applied to Judge Mogan fora warrant
for Mrs. Adair 's arrest on* a charge of
child stealing, but the Judge declined
to issue it because there : was no evi
dence that lira. Adair had used force
or intimidation. A warrant was, how
ever, issued for the .'girl's arrest on a
charge of vagrancy. - She is about to
become a mother. • ;
EXCURSIONS TO SANTA CRUZ,
Every Sunday Dnring October. 92
'Round Trir».
On the three remaining Sundays In October-
16th. 23d and -30th— the Southern Pacific wJH
run excursions to, Santa Cm* for a round trip
rate of #-. Special train will leave Third and
Townsend street depot at 7 :30 a. m. ; returning,
leave Santa Cruz at 4:10 p. m. A splendid
chance to see the Santa Clara Valley. Santa
Cruz Mountains. Big Trees and to enjoy a day
of gayety on the beach, where you may go
bathing, boating, fishing or listen to fine hand
concerts. Ask about it to-day at 613 Market
street. Southern Pacific office. .' \ •
ci»as=e ia the budget allotment for that de
partment.
That Dr. Theodore C. Durtnett be appointed
assistant in physiology from October 1. l»Oi.
to succeed Dr. Gecrge Bullot. whose reslgna
t:ou was accepted at the last meeting of the
rtcent*. his stipend to be at the rate of $GO0
Itr ar.num.
That William Sparks be appointed assistant
professor of sWctchinr and perspective in the
California School cf Design from August 16
cl the present year to succe*»d Assistant Pro
fe*scr A. Altsiann. who resigned.
That Dr. Eleanor Stow Bancroft be appointed
medical examiner of women and lecturer on
hygiene of women, with the salary of $900 per
anzmra from July 1. 19O4. Mrs. Hearst has
very kindly offered to provide for this posi
tlcn. •
I have the pleasure of announcing the gift
fcy Mrs. William M. Pierscn and Mr. Ll H.
Pierson of the astronomical library of Mrs.
Pterson'a husbard. the late Mr. William 34.
Pierscn. The Berkeley astronomical drrart
tnect now use an excellent six-Inch telescope.
¦»Mch was presented by Mr. Pierson himself.
RECEIPTS FOR LAST QUARTER.
President Wheeler has inaugurated
the making of detailed reports at the
end of every quarter of the financial
affairs of the university. Typewritten
copies are to be supplied to all the
members so that they will at all times
be apprised of the conditioa of , the
treasury. The report for the months
of July. August and September was
ready yesterday and the following is
a summary of the receipts during that
period:
From the United State*. S2S.750: State o£
California. J13«.4&» 99: Investments, J60.953 93;
miscellaneous, $278.8 63; donation*, $23,017 95;
student fees. $27,743 20; college of medicine.
fees. $8307 27: total, J28S.068 97.
Turning over of funds as repayment of loans.
Eather moneys, etc.. $25,279 71. making the
grand total $313,338 C8. .
The action was approved of., the
committee on grounds and buildings in
awarding contracts as follows for Cali
fornia Hall: Western * Standard and
Metal Fireprooflng Company, $22, -
Jll 50; metal work, Conlln & Roberts,
$11,965; stair work, the California
Artistic Metal and ," Wire.. Company,
$6ioo. SSKSsBSSBsE
North Goes on Vacation!
United States Commissioner North
has' gone on a vacation, and Charles
Mehan. recently appointed head . of
the Chinese Bureau, will act as chief
of the Immigrrant Bureau. during >Jr.
North's absence. Dr. John EndScott
Gardiner will act as chief of the Chi
nese Bureau. The Federal Govern
ment has adopted officially a Chinese
calendar prepared by Dr. Gardiner.
It covers a period of sixty-five years,
from 1S49 to 1914. and was compiled
at the reauest of Commissioner Gen
eral Sargent.
California fruit growers may, accord
ing to information that has been re
ceived by the Horticultural Commis
sioner of California, be greatly bene
fited, to the amount of many thousands
of dollars, by a proposed move in Ha
waii to shut out fruits from portions of
the world where insects dangerous to
vegetation infest trees and fruit. This
will compel purchases here. Alexander
Craw, who is now the Hawaiian super
intendent of entomology, has recom
mended to the Board of Commissioners
of Agriculture and Forestry that all
fruits from China, Japan and other
Asiatic points shall be denied entrance
into Hawaii. *-
The dreaded fruit fly abounds in
these places. These flies belong to the
same family as the ! melon-cucumber
fly, against which California has quar
antined. So great have been the rav
ages of the fruit flies that in Queens
land and Western Australia fruit can
hardly be raised. In Cape Colony,
South Africa, fruit trees must be cov
ered with mosquito netting* to enable
the horticulturists to raise a crop.
This makes fruit growing a very ex
pensive business, even where the Gov
ernment buys the netting and furnishes
it to the farmers free of cost to them.
Importations of fruit from China and
Japan have recently been received at
Honolulu in which also were contained
the larvae of the Chinese fruit moth.
Lorlne Club Scores Success.
The first concert of the twenty
eighth season of the Loring Club was
given at Native Sons' Hall last even
ing in the hearing of a large audience.
David W. Loring, the director, was
prevented through an accident from
conducting the concert. W. C. Stadt
feld carried out the work with genuine
success. The singers were found not
one whit less effective than in former
years, and of all the fine numbers
superbly sung special mention should
be made of the tender interpretation
of Mendelssohn's "The Voyage." The
merry, quaint and whimsical number,
"The Three Chafers," by tTruhn. was
rendered with stunning effect and ad
mirable judgment. Miss Ruth W. Lor
ing, the pianist, accompanied the sing
ers effectively and A. A. Macurda and
W. R. Kneiss, the soloists, rendered
their respective numbers artistically.
Hawaii Proposes to Bar Out
Products of Broad Areas
and Benefits California
LARGE MARKET
MADE FOR FRUIT
After an absence of twelve years,
during which the musical centers of
Europe have been .under the -thrall of
her wonderful voice, MmeC FranClsca
will give San Franciscans" an oppor- 
tunity to enjoy -a musical treat. 'Orf-
Friday night of this, week, she "will* be
heard in several famous arias and the
place selected for her appearance is
undoubtedly one of the finest concert
halls in the United States — the blue
and gold ballroom of the St. Francis.
It is typical of the great prima donna
that the concert will be for the benefit
of two charities, the San Francisco
Maternity and the San Francisco
Foundling Asylum.
Twelve years ago Mme. Francisea
left San Francisco, her birthplace, for
Paris. There she became a pupil of
Marchesi in the conservatory that
gave Mmes. Ilelba and Nevada to the
world. After a long and hard course
of training the great diva made her
debut and toured the capitals of Eu
rope. In turn she' captured Paris. Vi
enna, Munich, Monte Carlo and Am
sterdam. Possessed of a charming
personality and a wonderful voice, the
music lovers of the Continent became
enthusiastic over her.
A few weeks ago she concluded her
season at the Royal Opera, Am&ter
dam, and returned to America. Upon
arriving in New York Mme. Francisea
signed contracts for her appearance
in grand opera during the coming
winter. In the meantime she decided
to make a concert tour und naturally
seitcted her home city as the «ttj,:ti.ijir
piece.
Twice has Mme. Francisea appeared
in San Francisco since her return from
abroad and both times have San Fran
ciscans turned out to listen to her
singing. Friday night will probably
be her last appearance here before de
parting on her tour. » ;-. v~
Seats may be procured only upor.
application to the patronesses or by
letter to the information bureau of
the Hotel St. Francis. The following
San Francisco women will be the pa
tronesses of the concert:
Mrs. Henry T. gcott. Mrs. Irti Pierce. Mrs.
M. II. de Young. Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs Mark
Gerstle, Mrs. Maurice Casey. Mrs. Walter Mc-
Gavin. Mrs. M. C. Sloss. Mrs. Eleanor Martin
Mrs. M. H. Hecht. Mrs. Charles L. Ackerman'
Mrs. Eh-. J. Wilson Shiels, Mrs. William Ger
stle. Mrs. D. Drysdale. Mrs. Adam Andrew
Mrs. Norrjs King Davis, Mrs. Fernani*>
Fflngst. Mrs. John Sibley, Mrs. A. Brown, Mrs
William Thomas.
The concert will begin at 9 o'clock.
Mme. Francisea will have as piano
accompanist Eugene Marcellino. The
following is the programme:
Aria. La Travlata (Verdf); <a) aria, Le nd
(Massenet), (b) Si mes vers avient des alles
dlahn), <c) Mancn Lescaut (Auber); piano
polo, selected: valse. Voci dl Prtmavera (Joh
Etranss); Intermission; piano solo, selected
(a) Lakme (Delibes), (b) Aria. Louise fChar
ptntier). <c) raise, Romeo et Juliette (Gounod)
aria. Hamlet, mad scene (Thomas).
3Ime. Francisea to Be Heard
in Beautiful Selections at
St. Francis Hotel Concert
CUTS OFF A DOG'S TAIL. — James Hen
nessy, a butcher employed by Miller; & Lux in
their slaughter-house at Butchertowh, was ar
rested yesterday aftemoen on a charge of cru
elty to animals by Policeman W. T. " Hooper.
It "is alleged that a son of Henry f ehler. 1233
Pennsylvania avenue, and another boy visited
the slaushter-house on Monday afternoon.
They had with them a valuable water sj.Tn
iel. 'Hennessy slashed off the dag's tail, as
serting that it had been eating some of the
liver which hur.e within its reach.
DIVA WILL SING
SPLENDID A R IAS
SOME OP THE . PRODUCTS OF NEWS
PAPER ARTISTS* SKILL ON EX
HIBITION IN PALACE HOTEL.
Rubber Shares in Issue.
George Fredericks yesterday begun
suit against Goodall, Bennett & Co.
and E.iT.: Cooper to determine the
ownership of the controlling stock of
the West Coast Rubber Company, of
•which plaintiff is president and the de
fendants directors. ,He and .the de
fendants purchased 19.666 shares of
the stock, one-half of which Freder
icks claims as his own. but he says
that H. W. Goodall claims to own all
of 4167 shares which they purchased
jointly. I Fredericks alleges that the
Others are trying to. force him out of
the presidency and have conspired to
control the company themselves.
San Francisco lovers of art; found a
treat at the Palace Hotel yesterday on
the occasion of the opening of the sec
ond annual exhibition of; the . News
paper Artists' League. Maple,
room and its annex, in : which were
displayed in a most attractive manner
the clever drawings and paintings of
local newspaper and " magazine artists,
was crowded during the day and even
ing by the patrons of the exhibition,
to whom the first day was allotted for
the purpose of giving them a chance to
make their selections from the larsce
collection. In the opinion of San.Fran
cisco's best critics who viewed the dis-'-,
play the present exhibition excels the
one of last year.. • .. - ¦
This ..year's exhibition.is larger and!
possessed of more merit thati the ini- ;
tial show, and includes the work of ;
many more artists.. The- line and wash
dxawings, the water colors and the few
but splendidly executed =oiK paintings
have an attractiveness for the* visitors
that holds their attention. A noticeable
feature of , the^exhibition. la. the col
lection of of prominent men
of San F.rancisco. Another is the well
arranged co'llection of pasters. There
are Also a number of . illustrations that
nave been reproduced in the- daily Da
pers during the past yea^r^
The work of. the color artists has been
displayed to a great advantage, and it
provokes much favorable comment.
This work is striking because of the
difficulties- that- attend their produc
tions by the brushes of men who are
daily acpustdmed to work almpst en
tirely in! 'black and white. \ •-, \rl
As evtdence^.o* .their" appreciation of
the artistic r \»ork of the. local-a.rtists
presented, f asitlieJf " judgment the, pat
rons of yesterday's "exhibition; "were not
slow in Kiakrngv'thelrv selections/ which,
however,'^ will* re'main on walls of
the hall until. the exhibition closes next
Saturday evenlhg. The sales, which
were exceptionally large, did not evi
dence any preference for any special
line of work, the demand for line draw
ings being just as strong as that for
water colors.
The activities of 160 candidates have
failed thus far to move the Regente of
the University of California toward
the appointment of a secretary io suc
ceed W. A. McKeown, whose hands
are now calloused from sack-sewing at
Saa Quentin. The rulers of the educa
tional institution have been exploited
to the uttermost in endeavor to stir
them to action, but no seeker of the
coveted post has yet succeeded in
making a dent. The board had an
other meeting yesterday at which the
matter of the secretaryship was passed
over without a word.
After adjournment Regent A- W.
Foster of the finance committee, which
ie to recommend a man for the place,
said that no attention had been given
to the selection of a secretary and that
the Etitus of the matter is as it was
many months ago. V. H. Henderson,
I r:vate secretary to President Wheel
er, is acting secretary for the univer
sity and is giving satisfaction. Regent
Foster said, and as the expense ac
count is curtailed the board is in no
great haste to make an appointment.
The applicants have let up lately to
some extent in their importunities.
Guy C. Earl presided yesterday and
the following attended the meeting:
President Wheeler. Chester Rowell, J.
B. Rrtnstein. T. J. KirX John A. Brit
ton, F. W. Dohrraann. C. W. Slack, A.
W. Foster and Charles L. Wheeler.*
President Wheeler announced that
Captain John T. Nance, Xinth United
States Cavalry, had been detailed by
the War Department to serve at the
university as professor of military
science and tactics, to succeed Colonel
H. de H. Waite. who was compelled
to ask to be relieved because of pro
tracted ill health. Captain Nance
ccmes with *the highest indorsements
from Washington and General MacAr
thur, having been in much active serv
ice, principally in China and the Phil
ippines.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S REPORT.
The following report and recom
mendations from President Wheeler
were received and adopted:
I recccmend that Prcfessor Jame* T. AJI^n
b* allowed one year's leave cf absence for the
year 1S05-06 at t* o- thirds salary. He has been
connected with the university for seven years
and ir row er«are-J in work which will be ad
vasttged by a yetrs study in Germany.
That J. .N. Huds-in be appointed assistant la
philosophy frcm Ju'.y 1. l!*O4, with salary at
the rate of $*>00 per asnutn.
Tnat Freder.ck Horace Titbett» be appointed
a?sistast :n ci\-;l *-ns:neerin« at $300 for the
current university year to succeed Mr. Crosby
Mili^r, who was un»ble to accept.
T:iat Mr. WaSace Stevenson be appointed
a^istant in buttermaklr* at $TiOO Tor the tera
from October 1 to ttecember 15, to succeed Mr.
Zimaierniin, who was unable tc accept.
To meet the expense of providics for Dr.
Kcfoid's absence from the university in order
to participate ia deep sea explorations. Dr.
Alexander Aca*siz I^aa presented to the uni
i-ersitv $120".». cf which amount $«O0 has been
fcet Atice for the salary of Mr. ChaunceT Ju
<iay. I reoocmend zZa.z the remain::* $i«> be
u*rd for the remuaeratioQ of twrj assistants in
zoology, and that Dr. Alice Robertson be as
pcinted to one of these asssstantataps at $300
far the current university year, the balance
<$100) u> b« used for student assistance,
I recommend that the following provision be
&ade for the dental department: That the
title fcf Dr. <_"harles A. Ltttcn be prcfessor of
BTttad^ttte and that Dr. J. S. Er.cs be ap
printed acting processor cf bactertolc«y anl
islhoicey.
A* ilr. Oscar Schober. at present assistant in
mutinies and ra*"chinician in the deimrtinent
cf mechanical en?ineerin«. leaves the universi
ty en November 1. I.reccrcmend that there be
appoints a storekeeper and mar*; in 1st in his
I Uce. bejrirrnr.g from Noveir.ber X. and that
V!r. A. D. While be appointed to this position
a: a salary ef $T5 per month. Mr. Schober" s
*a!ary has been $S3 .13 per month.
At-rointment* to the following named scholar
¦fal^a tor the year itXM-OD have .been made by
the Acaden-.ic Ccuncilr
To the Hl!ff&rd Memorial Scholarship, with
a stipend cf $125. Mr. A. X. Cleghorn; to the
'J^*wry Scholarship, with a stipend of $2iO.
Mr. A-Jolph Knopf: to the Pixley Scholarship,
with a eUpend of $20<>. Mr. R. L. McWiJUams;
to the A<iri*-nne C«f Scholarship, with a «tl
per.d of $15125, Sir. Warner Brown.
M:«s Edith Walters, a holder of one of the
L«.s Anceles Hi?h School scholarships has
r<^:rr,».l and Miss Uosa Wampfler has" been
t; •- :::ted in her place with a stipend of $160.
I reccnunend that Dr. E. il. Blake's resia
r.r.tirrj as instructor in mathematics be ao-
• ( r ted. Dr. Blake has resicnr d to become
rro:e£#or cf mathematics at the University
of Arixona.
To provide for the needs eaosed by hi« resi*
a • "r. I recommend that Dr. Burt L. New
fclr«L, who 1* ejw servin* as iastruct<?r cf
e a thematic* on half time, at the rate of
B9M ixr annum, be appointed Instructor in
n-itbetics on full time, with ealarr from Oc
tober 1 to the end of the current university
year at the tain- rate at welch Dr. Biak*
ha* been remuserated. that is. at $31 66 a
month.
That 3Ir. X. J. Charapreux. asaiitant in
r-.£th<?maties. t* paiti $ZQ a month for eiirfct
mrnth* *Tom Oct.-br 1. 1004. instead of $23
a month u beretofore. These rhinj«s in the
c^tartnifst of mathematics Involve no In-
Reports of the University's
Financial Affairs to Be
Made Every Three Months
XEW MILITAEY OFFICER
ltegents 3Iake Appointments
to Faculty, but McKeown's
Successor Is Not Named
The Pacific Coast Women's Press As
sociation breakfasted yesterday at the
California Hotel and forever will it
stand as a monument to ice- water ban
quets—the clever toasts the supreme
test
No prettier breakfast table could be
conjured up than the horseshoe of
white linen, yellow chrysanthemums
and feathery fern, the product of the
clever Mrs. Josephine H. Foster's deft
fingers.
Banks of woodwardia filled the niches
and corners; a great yellow and white
heart of blossoms was suspended from
a superb lantern of brass in the cen
ter, while the place cards bore the flam
ing emblem of the State. And the
floral heart, by the way, was sent as
a token of love, at the conclusion of
the feast, to the well beloved but ab
sent member, Ina D. Coolbrith.
At the black coffee, Mrs. Laura T.
Pinney, president of the club, extended j
a welcome In her own charming man
ner, presenting Mrs. Abbie E. Krebs '
as toastrhistress. Now, 'tis well known i
that Mrs. Krebs is an adept at man- j
aging big lumber concerns, but as a !
toastmistress she was making her de- I
but— and scored a brilliant success. !
In turn she presented Mrs. "Wilena f
K. Stringer, who ! expatiated cleverly
on "Our Natural Enemies": Miss Mary .
Falrbrother, "Apple Pie Without
Cheese": Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, "Our ,
Grandmothers"; Mrs. Laura Bride !
Powers, "Goodfellowship Among .
tWomen"; Mrs. Madge Morris Wagner, {
"Women of the Pen."
Between times, Mrs. Josephine H. I
Foster, Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eylter (the
club's first president), Mrs. Sara E. ,
Reamer, Mrs. Frank Fredericks. Miss
Agnes Murphy and Miss Aimee Moore
of Australia contributed to the feast of .
goodfellowship.
A pretty feature of the affair* was j
the presentation to Mrs. Augusta Eich- :
ler, tne newest bride in the club, of a j
silver loving cup. !
During the programme the Schumann I
Club discoursed sweet music, while
Misa Margaret Slocomb rendered two
exquisite vocal numbers.
And what with flowers, toasts and
feasts material and spiritual, 'twas a
day long to be treasured in the annals
of -the club. i
Annual rLxhibition Proves a Pleasing success
SECRETARYSHIP
STILL VACANT
WOMEN'S PRESS
ASSOCIATION
BREAKFASTS
Artists' Work Pleases Public
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12,v 1904.
9
-,..-;. ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASfORIA
.;¦> £oi -Infants' and Children. ,4
nis Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of Cif^v *:rK f'£c&/UAi
DIRECTORY
OF ; RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price; Lists Mailed
„"/„. "": V^ori l Application.' Y
CTUBSK AJTD SALT MXATS. : ;
JAS'fcflYFS fr Clt'"2 lippln * Butehersi 108
JA2» DUIEj tt MA Clay.--T«L Main 1284.
; XkZAXT BO OrS ASS SIYUOBTS. I
All kinds repaired. Glob* Sheet Metal Worka
1178-1178 Mlsstoa St. Phcns Main M61. .
¦•¦;. . ;-:;;¦/- -;^;; : ;:orts. ,.;• •- - ¦ ¦.._-;
LUBRICATINO -OILS: < LEONARD " ft " EUJ3.
. - :•;. 418 Front wt.: 8. F. . Phon» Main ¦ 1719. ' , /
FXJLHTLaU.
cereal
CAN DRIXK TROUBLE.
Tliafs One \X"ay to Get It.
Although they won't admit It many
people who suffer from sick headaches
and other ails get them straight from
the coffee thev drink and it Is easily
proved if they're not afraid to leave it
to a test as in the case of a lady in
ConnelisviHe.
"I had been a sufferer from sick
headaches lor twenty-five years and
any one who has ever had a tad sick
headache knows what I suffered.
Sometimes three davs la the week I
would have to remain la bed, at other
times I couldn't lie down the pain
would be so great. My life was a tor-
ture and if I went away from home
for a day I always came back more
dead than alive.
"One day I was teiline a woman my
troubles and she told me she knew
that it was probablv coffee caused It.
She "said she had been cured by stop-
ping coffee and using Postum "Food
Coffee and urged me to try this food
drink.
"That's how I came to send out and
set some Postum and from that time
I've never been without it, for it suits
my taste and has entirely cured all of
my old troubles. Ail I did was to
leave off the coffee and tea and drink
well made Postum In Its place. This
change has done me more good -than
everything- else put together.
"Our bouse was like a drug store, for
my husband bought everything he
heard of to help me^wlthout doing any
good, but when I began on the Postum
my headaches ceased and the other
troubles Quickly disappeared. I have
a friend who had an experience Just
like mine, aad Postum cured her Just
as it did me.
"Postum n% only cured the head-
aches, but my general health has been
Improved and I am much stronger than
before. I now enjoy delicious Postum
more than I ever ' did coffee." Name
siven by Postum Co., Battle Creek.
Mich.
"There's a reason"* and It's worth
finding out.
Get the famous little, book. !The
Road to WellvUle/' in each package
OimUfflJJHOUSE
ENTHUSIASTIC SECSPTXOH
Of the Famous German Consic Open
RASTELBINDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
EVERY NIGHT
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SAME PRICES 23c. 50c. T3c
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Xj«w1j McCord sad Company; Elekay and
Valsoa; "A JTUat ta ?ealcs"; Xnxpay
and WtUard; Julius M. Tan n en; Hoer
and Lee: Felix aad Barry: Xatau At*t7
Strakosca. aad Oniaaum Motion Pis-
tares. '
Regular Matinees Every Wedaes<l*jr. Tsars- ¦
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Price*— 10c. 23c aad SGc ; r
r-CALIFORNIA-v
UlST FOLTi X1GHT3
Of the Enormous Mivlcal Comedy Hit.
The
Tenderfoot
With PHILIP H. RTLET and Bl* H
N'cw Tork Cotncaoy of Sixty. U
Next Sunday. j
Hcyfs "A TEXAS STEER." ¦
Greatest cast since etizinal production. '
Inrludlnjc: 3
HARRT B. FniERT. WILL, H. BRAT -3
and MAT L. STOCKTON. 3
ALCAZAR B «T
Gesrr^t Manacer.
TO-NIGHT— AIX WEEK.
THE NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPA.VT.
Intr"durli5» JOHN' CRAIG. LILLIAN LAW-
RENCE and ELIZABETH WOODSON wtrtt J
the >ld Alcaaar Favorite*, in R. C. Carton.* .
Comedy, ',
J f^/^jQ I FIRST TI1TE AT *
I THE ALCAZAR. I
* All D t»SSSBSM«MBa»i^>-M«SHWMMB«>> *
LADY ALGY
••New p*ople make- hit." — Prst. •>' .'
•The play beautifully staged." — Ohronlclr. • > »
MATINEES SATTRDAT and SUNDAT.
Eve* 25c to 75c: Hats. Smt. and Sun. 22c to 50-s
FIRST SUNDAT MATINEE OCT. 1* -
Next Monday — Clyde Fitch'* Comedy. » r - •
THE WAT OF THE WORLD. - ,\
ft l« a f2*5I MAYSR
Innu 3 Sdnb **or%
Mirktt St.. near 4th. Pbooe Sooth S33.
TO-NIGHT— Every Ev»n.r.* This Week. .
Mattnees Saturday and ? :r. !.»>•
Muciticr. Spectacular Production of Rui»r
Harsar<*a Powertal Oriental Drama
S hi c
With the Entli* Central Theater 8tack
Company.
3pe.li»I Farewell Es«a«»racat ef Prise***
Favorite.
EUGENIE THA S LAWTON
POPULAR PRICES— Ere.. lOe to 50c; Vats..
• 10c. 13c. 25c.
October 17 — Chair. pica o'. the World. JA3CE3
J. JEFFRIES, ta VXVT CROCKET.
TED. eTbOX,
Tn • B lo srraph. Bhawtnx "Vcxsoaal.'* .
Aad a Splendid Saow Erary Aft«zao«a t
aad Erealag- la tho Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THB
SCnCXATTTBX EIiECTTRIC KAdSOAS.
SEV^N BABT LIONS Di TH2 ZOO.
rss#jcrr cabaret de la mort. *
Hear the .Pneumatic Symphony Orca««trtca
AMATECR NIGHT THURSDAT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN. ......fc -
When Ptocics A3k for '"The Cautea."
Who is buying a
PIANO?
; If you are,x or '"even expect to buy -a
. piano shortly, you must not overlook a few
indisputable facts.
' In the first place, it is very important
that you select a reliable dealer, for pianos
are risky things to buy and are often very
deceiving in tone and appearance.
In the second place, it is better to go to .^
the concern selling the most pianos, for
they naturally have the best makes. Manu-
facturers always seek, as agents* the firm
making the most sales.
In the third place, if you are going to
buy on the monthly payment plan, you
must go to a firm well known for honest,
upright dealings. Some .contracts are very
dangerous instruments.
Sherman, Glay & Co. are one of the
oldest established music houses in San
Francisco. They are the second largest
concern of the kind in the United States.
Their new rent contract plan is an innova-.
tion. It binds them, but it does not bind you. .
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
Kearny and Slitter Streets, S. F.
13 th and Broadway, Oakland. •
A3IUSEMKNTS.
COLUMBIA "^
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
MATINEE SATCHDAT.
Charles B. Dllllnghaxn Presents
FRANK DANIELS
In the Laughing. Musical Beauty Show.
THE OFFICE BOY
Beginning NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
(Flm Time Here)
The Greatest Musical Comedy Erer Written, ¦(
SAN TOYi
With JAMES T. POWERS j
And others of the Ortstnal New York Cast.
JS'OTK:. "San Toy" matinees on Wednesday
and Saturday. |
Seat Sale Begin* To-morrow. # I
At iiniUDDl B **- Vtzi Bm **T m * kt
tbs ALllAillOllA Twelve Concerts
Matinees T\je».. Thurs.; Sat. and Sunday.
SOUS A SEAT8READ - Y
DDrrCv Evenings, $1 50, $1. 73c. We.
I AllCj Matinees. $1. 75c. 50c.
I GRAND SSSig
: /FUIH1EST LOOT OF THE SEISM/ — j
: Blanche PartiogtoB.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
i MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE
Burgomaster
Hn\ Sunday Batioaa — ARIZ0H3.
H W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
THIS WEEK J 1 ?^^. THIS WEEK
By Speelal Arrangement with
KLAW & ERLANGER
Oliver Morosco offers a spectacular production
of that stibUree drama of th« Orient.
I A JAPANESE I
I NIGHTINGALE |
An adaotatlon from the novel of Oaoto
Watanna.
MONDAY. October IT.
BENEFIT FOR OUTDOOR ART LEAGUE OF
CALIFORNIA. • ..
Ben Greet* s Players
MATINEES TO-DAY AKD SATURDAY.
TO-NIGHT
MUCH ADO ABOUl" NOTHING
TO-MORROW. FRI. and SAT. EVEJTGS,
SPECIAL FRIDAY MATINEE.
TW_LFTf. MGH » r V: .
The Wednesday v and Friday Matinees are
glren at 3:30. to that pupils and teachers
may attend.
RESERVED SEATS $1.30. $1 aad 73c
BOX OFFICE SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.'S.
LAST TWO WEEKS OF
HOWARD JACOTT'S BCRLESQUE.
"DOWN THE LINE"
The .funniest. . the very best of them.
MAGNIFICENTLY MOUNTED.
Delisatf ully Acted and Sons.
\ ; Nights, 23c. 50c and 7S&
Eat. and Sun. Matlaees, 25c and SCc.
* Children at matinees, 10c and 25c -
Remember, the last two we* ks.
ffieHy Gi- $1.00 iirtHr
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
Perrin
Gloves
C The most perfect
hand in all the world,
will, with an ill-fitting
' glove, look stubby
1 fingered, scrawny,
pudgy or claw-like,
but Perrin Gloves are
made from perfect
models and will shape
any hand into comeli-
ness and without dis- '
comfort.
Sole depot for
Women's and Children's Gloves at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary Street and Grant Avenve.
sfcn'a Perrin Gloves at sUl Stores.
Paforp D0N>J PAIL TO
i ' . COURT Lounging
51(1(1 room, the EMPIRE
UUU Parlor, the
r — - X PALM ROOM, the
Ur3 nfl LOUIS XV PAR-
Alt UUU LOR^ and the lA
n A i rt | rt DIES' WRITING
Hotels room- j
AA/. T. HESS,.
Votaxy Fahlle and Attorn ey-at-tjitr.
T«ntn floor. Room 1015, CUut £pr«ck«l» bids.
Telephone Uata »S3.
Residence. 1 SOS McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Pace 33*1.
AMUSE31EXTS. »
JOSEF
if^FMANN
TXE OXEAT FIAHX8T.
PAEEWT1L POF1TZULS COJTCEBT
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE-
HtXT. £USDAY AFTERHCOH AT 2:30
KNTIHBUT NEW ¦'PROGRAMME.''
Popular'Prices, $1.50, $!, 75c and 5Gc
SEATS NOW READY.
: ; ; AT, aSERMAN., CLAT A CO.'S.
COmiNG-»GADSKl ¦
MISCELLAXEOCS AMPSEMENtV
BASEBALL.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
BirirfBWBrBECRE.vTioy ; park.
. -- ••'-. Eirhth.and Harrison Streets.
WEDNEiSDAY. THURSDAY. FRIDAY."....
..... .....; 3:15 P.- M.
SATURDAY, ;.:.......:..........'. .3:00 P, M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P.^M
u LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAT.
Advance sale oi seats at & Stockton Street.THE SAN FRANGISCO/GALL;"'WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
10
EDUCATION Al*.
A BIGGER school than ever. On Juns I w*
movM to new fireproof building. 733 .Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest ln the West;
come and see. R F. BUSINESS COLLF.OE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
1 A— THE Paul Oer—n School of Acting glv*
more performances and secures more *r.K*s»-
ment.<» for studont- than all other Western
schools; special summer rours*. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship.
shorthand; typing; $5 month; life whota-shlp
$50; positions secured; day, ev. 723 Market.
ENGINEERING— Civil. r>c. mln.. mecR . sur-
vey, away, cyanide; day, eve\ ; est. 1S94: Vna
der Nalllen School. US Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES ln short story writing and Jourral-
Ism me»t on Men.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
33;$ Phelan bldg: terms very reasonable.
MISS MacNEILL. ptano teacher;- also coach for
tennis and club swinging, 36 Glen Park ave.,
off Twelfth St.. bet. Mission and Howard.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions s>rur»rt. R. H. Webster. Pr»».
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
- L^CGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A — MOVED to 12S1 Market St.; large sunny
quarters. Western Business Colleg*.
SPANISH.French. etc. Prof. Pe Flllppe'sAcade-iy
of languages, 101S Post: est. IS71: ablest pmf»
CHICAGO Business College. 1433 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of plaro;
beginners & adults: BOr. 2305 Mission. eor. CO.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mp. :
"mandolin club. $1 per mo. 829 Halght st.
ADULT and juvenile classes nnw op«n. HItt-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall anj per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'mj.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day an I
PARTINGTON'S. 42* Pine st.— Night class
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 845 Haight;
Individual tnstruo. : all branches; day. ev».
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 OoM»n
Gate ave.. .9. F. ; 75- page catalog on request.
zaxpziO'-Ttxxnrr oppices.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
, general help. "NATIONAL." 500 Hearst bid.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5732.
JAPANESE-Chrnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagakt.mgr., tel. Bush 850.
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of.
flea; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518*.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 810 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEX-LE.
STRONG, willing, competent American woman,
temi-erate. honest, wants light sweeping and
washing by day: fine laundress; guarantees
satisfaction: $1 25 and carfare: no half-day.
827 A Howard st.. first filght. room 8-
COMPETENT cook; would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework In Ameri-
can family; wages $25 to $.30. 535 Minn.i
- St., nea' Sixth. »
A COMPETENT German woman wants wash-
Ing ar.d Ironing by the day. 1203 Vallejo St.;
no postals.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envelopes.
MISS ELNA CRAMER, room S06 Mutual
Bank bldg.
WOMAN wishes place to do housework and
cooking: kind to children; wases $15. Apply
112 Tehama St.. off Second.
YOUNG American woman, with a 9-month-old
baby, would like to do housework for small
wages. 44S Utah st.. bet. 17th and ISth.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper, recently from
England, desires position in small family.
F;. 230 Twenty-ninth st,
A WOMAN wants work by the day. . washing,
ironing or Jiouse cleaning. 615 Gough, rear.
A WOMAN wishes housework by the day. CaU
1313^ Market st. between 11 and 12.
LADY, thoroughly experienced stenographer In
mercantile work, also bill clerk, desires po-
sition; salary not less than $50: best refer-
ences given. Box 2454, Call office.
A NEAT young girl wishes a position to tak9
car* of children. • Call 523 Harrison ¦_. near
First.
DRESSMAKER : fancy and tailor dress da-
signer: out by the day; $2; best city ref-
erences. SCO Octavia st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires work to
do at home; mimeograph specialty. Box H3t.
Call office. i
A YOUNG girl just from Germany wishes a
position: ua stairs or general housework.
306 Tehama st.
WANTED — Position as maid or nurse to grown
children: can do plain sewing, hair dressing
and manicuring. W. K.. i:i* Fern ave.. city.
AN elderly Arr<»rican woman wants light
work; good hom* and $10 a month." Box
2900. Call office.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envelopes
reasonable at MISS EDNA CRAMER'S, room
SOC. Mutual Bank buildlnr.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day. $1 3i>; dresses altered, perfect
fit guaranteed. Address box 2J45. Call.
DRESSMAKING wanted at 34 Sixth st.
WOMAN wants 1 labeling by day or piece work.
30 H Page at. '
COLORED girl wishes position as chamber-
maid or sewing. Phone Red 63S3. 566 Sutter.
TYPEWRITING of any kind. Room 601. 70S
Market st. :
SWEDISH girl wants position for general
housework; wages $15 to $13. 23S6 Bryant.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce.cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscrlDtlons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPXOYM-J-TT VAHTEJ- MAU3.
AA — A SOBER, first-class painter, paper-
hanger, tinter and grainer desires a steady -
position; please stats particulars. Address
Painter. 1373 47th ave., bet. I and J sts.
MAX and wife, your.?, want position; man ex-> ¦
perlenced coachman and groom, do garden-
ing If required: wife a good cook; city ref-
erences. Box 2757. Call office.
YOUNG man. 17 years old. desires position In
wholesalo house, of ace or outside-work: -2*4
years' experience; can furnish best of refer-
ences. Box 2760, Call office.
EXPERIENCED traveling man want* situa-
tion- small salary and expenses to start with
Address box 2868. Call office.
POSITION by young man as bookkeeper or
clerk in hardware or paint establishment;
wages* moderate. Box 77, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position with a first-class
mining company; experience; best of refer-
ences. Box 2S70. Call office.
HOUSEWORK of any kind by young German
man by the month or by the day; steady and
' good* references. Box 2870. Call office.
YOUNG man. 23 years old. would like to learn
carpenter trade. Box 2762. Call office^
HANDY man wishes position to make himself
useful In many ways. G. W.. 1U Howard st.
BUTLER wishes s position in city or country;
has first-class references. Box 2880. Call.- •
YOUNG man would like any kind of work at
night; understands running elevator. Box
286U, Call" office.
SITUATION wanted by German (37) as sta-
bleman, laborer or any other kind of work.
Box 29S0. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, leslres po-
sition; four years' experience • wnh rallrcad;
best references. Box 2413. Call office. •
WANTED— Situation as night watchman. Jan-
itor, porter, collector or work ln privata
place: Al references. Box 2251. Call office.
YOUNG man, 30 years of age»wl3hes position
as porter; references or bond given. Box
29S6.;CaIl office.- ; .,,..~ v ';'
CUTTER, jcould also manage tallorlnc estab-
lishment, looking for position ln or outsda
of city. Box 2US. Call office. :
A RELIABLE man wants DosUloa-aa night
. watchman: references. -.. Address L B.. 75tf
,. Folsom st. ¦
A YOUNG German married couple wish a po-
sition. MAIBACM. 553 Alcatraa aw. Oak-'
" land. •
BTTSIWXSS C-tABfCES— _P__jjggg&U^_
A ~~ NO~~TRIFLERS NEED TO APPLY.
IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
Department store; dry goods, clothing and
carpets; business established 35 years . and
known as one of the best paying mercantile
establishments across the bay; stock will in-
voice to about $35,000; owner to retire; will
accept Vt cash, balance on first-class security.
A— $300; CIGAR Ftand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R, G.
WILKE, 2C1J Keamy st.
A— $lh00; CORNER caloon ln wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
]ea;e: a good paying business; value ln Eight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
26 Vi Kearny st.
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4*4 years'
lease; eplendld location and good-paying bus-
iness. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $S0O; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
currounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny •*.
A — $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
lce-cre_m parlor, etc; 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one or the best of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $2OUO; CORNER grocery and bar, with
living-rooms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion et.; place established years; fresh stock;
value In sight and a good paying store. Bee
j R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A — $500; CANDY. Ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devlsadero st. and 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owner sacrifices,
as he must leave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26%Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000: one of the
best b_ Einess properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent C100; lease;
with flrst-claEs paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny sC
A— $C&00; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 2 backs, 1 coupe, 18 bug-
gies, harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A^$1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds. SO boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; cloi« to depot; in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market et. Call H. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A— $2000; HOTEL in San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
Ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. Sea
R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny St.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fultoa
street; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
nrat-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26Vs Kearny st.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddv St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
eummer outing, also for winter 6hootlng and
fishing; comoletely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping: automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, close—", everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
J people over nigrt; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. a Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-claas livery and boarding 6ta-
ble; best coast city in California; 50 stalls:
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy ec
FOR F_le — Several good business propositions
for Investor-, such as first-class laundry, ice
cream manufactoury, bakeries, fvrnishlng
goody, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mt-ntio_; wculd be pleased to have
you call and InsDect our list. CAMERON
. & (X).. 3 Eddy st. '
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real «etate.
roominp-houset. and business chances. CAM-
EP.ON A CO., 3 Eddy st:
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ri«e from city; 7
acv»s in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished; 2
bar*, dancing pavilion, ehooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month:
4 years" lease; sublets for $100 e.very Sun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year: price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR rale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wrx>d. coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. F. : ,cheaD rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; rresent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from $500 to JSOO per month: trial eriven if
deslrt-d; nart down. CAMERON & CO.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny st.
A BARGAIN— Fruit and vegetable etand, $S50,
or partner, $475. Berg & Popp, 318 Kearny.
$1600— SALOON; near Market; bargain; call*
at once. BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$500— GROCERY arid delicatessen; value In
sight; bargain. BERG & POPP. 31S Ke_'i:y.
$3500— SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
galn. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$3000— HOTEL and bar, 30 rooms, 45 board-
ers. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny Bt.
$1400 — SALOON and merchants' lunch- whole-
' eale district. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearny *t.
$0500— HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON with lease; rent $80; bargain.
See BERG & 1»OPP. 318 Kearny st.
$eOO to $2750— RESTAURANTS In good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP 318
Kearnr Ft.
$375 "to $1000 — CIGAR stands ln good loca-
tion; bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318
Kearny st.
MILLINERY store, new stock, rent $90. .$1100
Cigar stand. Mason et.. rent $20 $300
Cigar stand, 7th Et.. rent low; sell at invoice.
Drug store, across bay, rent $30 $-..'.'00
Saloon. Folsom. liv. rms., well stockeJ..*1100
Saloon. O'Farrell ¦_, license, rent $90 JJ500
Restaurant. Third Et., well est., seats- 56 $;00
Restaurant. 4th St.. rent $22 50. aeats 46.^3^3
Grocery and bar, liv. rms., rent $20... .$.{50
Bak. and ice cream par., wagon route.. $2o(«<i
General store. 5 living room*, rent $23 ..$900
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
1118 Market St.
FINE OPPOP.TUNITIES.
IF you with to buy or sell property of any
description do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Juet what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market st.
Rooms 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
s '
$600 AND service, secures a half Interest ln
old-established m'f'g. business, clearing $300
to $400 monthly; party must be able to man-
age office or shipping department: mun be
sober. Industrious. Brookbank. 917 Market. •
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and '
Box°?V>3 W 'c.I, 4 o 1 jflce g rO ° m ' ; Canlt "• beat "
I WANT a Protestant Christian party to
finance me in the real estate business. Box
2iC3. Call office.
BEST roadhouse in Alameda County. KIRCH-
NER & MANTE. Nl^th and Franklin sts.,
Oakland.
CIGAR etand for sale south of and close to
B^VWi a om£ branch ln c ° nn * c "° a -
FOR 6_!e-<3rocery store and bar; on corner:
5 years' lease. Apply 3122 Flllmore st!
r0 ?.l ale T A , * m - U grocery and bar. Inquire
at the Jackson Brewery. 1428 Mission st
*'iLZ A cliP&'km 00 .?: lunch and roomtng
${.00— Grocery and bar; old establishment; long
lease: 4 llv.ng rooms; rent $25. 74S BrannanT
SALOON for sale; location very central and
good trade. Box 1365. Call office."
GROCERIES and saloons for sale at lirw
Webster St.. Oakland. , - * IOB
BAKERY and notion store: owner Is sick- good
buslnees. 'Apply 2681. Twenty-first st.
$175— S-ROOM house: rent $27 50; must sell at
once. Call 357 Fourth et.'
OYSTER and chop house; cheap. S2S9 Mission
. st., opp. ; Twenty-ninth.
$175— -CANDIES and pastry: 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. . 025 Taylor K.
— Contained.
MME. M. BERNARD THE^FAMOU3
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg. ; she reads your life correctly
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to- occur ln the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 2.V up. 612*-; Eddy st.; no sij»n.
MME. GABRIEL. Eastern palmist; card read-
er; 12 to e. 765 Market.r. 2. opp.Phelan bldg.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 23c; 2 to 9 p. m. 512 Jessie st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
SPI_tITUA_.IS_I.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
ryn, 480 Ellia st... corner Leavenworth. room
221; no signs. ' - ¦ ,
MRS. CRINDLE. materializing seance,
Wednesday eve, 8 o'clock. 323 Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkin.
room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium and Ifte
reader; cir. ev. eve'g 10c; read daily. 43 6th.
C. V. MILLER'S select seance Thursday, 8
p. m.; $2; friends only. 1CS4 Bush st- *,-'¦•
DEAD- TRANCE medium; genuine, unique,
successful. 114 McAllister St.; no sign.
CABPET BEATTOQ^Ajro^CTEAyrWQ.
COMPRESSED Airland \^acuuniProcess usej
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal ;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at chop; prices moderate. 8. -F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning .Co., .108 Market St.;
' phones Main Io2 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
Send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1309 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mlselon 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works
333 Gcldcn Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 210 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ¦
ttcl. Main S04. GEO. WALCOM &. CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.; tel. Mission 263..
OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $1: colIectlon7~m_dT-
city, or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st., rooms 0-1O. Tel. Main 8580.
DEHTISTS.
'A NEW plate—The Whalelxsne-MTannoToreTir;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $.1 60; fillings. 50c:
plates $5: full- set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILI>J 1443 Market, fir. Eleventh
'. . — No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 205 Kearny. cor. Bush—
; Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c. ;
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14. 1st
¦ floor, Phelan bld...S06 Market, cor. O'FarrelL
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter^ and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed .by> the. New- York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins.- Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. Cth
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
- „" Call. 16 • pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1. ..
DEESSMAKEES AND SEAMSTBESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
.'. Patterns <ut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art'sTmtton & buttonhole factory, ' 110 Taj-lor.
BUSINESS CHA-TCES— ¦ConttnneA.
DO YOU WANT a nice, genteel business that
is guaranteed to clear $3000 per annum on an
Investment of $«500? Besides, for your in-
vestment you receive a stock of goods and
fixture? that will Invoice close to. $9000; busl-
nrss is located ln one of California's most
beautiful and prosperous inland cities, less
than Ou miles from San Francisco; long lease
with very reasonable rent on building; such
an opportunity is seldom offered and is
worthy of your immediate Investigation. 'For
full particulars st«
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 406, Examiner bldg.. San Kranclsco} Cal.
NEVER BEFORE
A chance like this; an up-to-date candy parlor;
3 furnished rooms ; good location; proprietor
leaving city. 470 Ellis st.
PARTNER wanted that is reliable and honest;
light Indoor business; established for ye^rs;
pays at least $>N5 per month to each; very
small capital required. 87 3d St., room 14.
WANTED— Steady, active young man partner
for offlco work; old established real estate
business that will' pay him $150 month and
over. Call rocm 457 Parrott bldg. K
GENUINE bargain — Best saloon ln Haywards;
centrally located: long lease; selling account
sickness: Investigate this. Address P. O.
box S27, Haywards.
FOR sale — Bar; 4 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; en Mission road. Inquire
E. MONI, 810 Pacific st, bet. 8 and 9 a. m.
SALOON for sale; one of the best corners south
cf Market St.; long lease; $40 to $50 day re-
ceiptr; on account of ill health. Call 5'.M> 4th.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be done cheap
and exactly. Box 1718, Call.
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber »hon and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
-.Q-tGrero-HOPSES for saiiB.
MARION GRIFFIN!
v • — — ¦
ROOM* 406, EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel Black 3607;' free list of
hotels and rooming-houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
WE ESPECIALLY RECOMMEND a 33-room
house, north of Market; price reduced to
$2500; $1000 down, $25 monthly and low In-
terest; nice, quiet, permanent roomers; clear-
ing fias monthly guaranteed; owner anxious
to go East Immediately.. •. • . - ¦
MARION GRIFFIN. ¦
MUST BE SOLD by Oct. 14— A thoroughly re-
spectable rooming-house, 9 centrally located
and most beautlfull". furnished In velvet and
birdseye maple; 50 rooms: rent $6 per room;
now clears $200 monthly: when full, clears
$300; 5-year lease; make. your own offer to
: MARION GRIFFIN.
GILT EDGED. ~~~.
$10,000 (first payment) secures one . of the
. largest and most popular apartment-houses
ln this" city; everything strictly ¦ first class.
—Profit over 56000 Annually —
See My Bale Agent, MARION. GRIFFIN.-
PROFIT $174 monthly — A respectable, corner
42-room house ; . price f3000 ; Vi cash ; 3, rent
$125; 5-year lease, if you say so: 2 floors;
fine entrance. MARION GRIFFIN, v
FOURTEEN-ROOM house in . quiet location,
north of Market; sunny side of. street; price
$800. H cash 'and $10 monthly. " '::¦' -'*".";
: ' MARION GRIFFIN.
UXTEQUALED TERMS— 8400 secures a respect-
able 21 -room lodging-house, 3 blocks of Mar-
ket; price down to $1100;' we back you for
all over $400: rent $60; clears $70 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner Bldg. „
N. B.— Only $50O down : we back ' you 'for bal-
ance; elegantly furnished ' apartments;- re-'
spectable; $75 banked monthly: roomers take
4 care of their own rooms; 24, rooms, y i .<• I- ¦: :
. ... ; MARION . GRIFFIN/ r
LADIES, If . you ¦ want 'a. . fine ; rooming-house,
above reproach, " come 'and see a swell, 'fash-
ionable 40-room . house on " Sutter '" st:. r clear-
I Ins $100 monthly. MARION -GRIFFIN. , '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The sreat — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere^ — The
great Egyptian ceer. palmist, medium; the
greatest clairvoyant in the world; tells your
name, what you called for, whom and when
you will marry, about business, etc.; Ellsmere
U different from other clairvoyants because he
does what they claim to do; things that are
beyend ordinary understanding, things that
seem impossible; he gives you information, re-
lief, success, satisfaction, power and control
o- any character affecting any one or anything
past, present or future: he tells you just what
you may expect and what to do for your best
interests ln any matter; he awakens a natural
force wlthip ana around you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble.
Influence, unhappiness. disease, poverty, failure
or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens up
a way for success and happiness you desire; a
power to secretly change the thoughts, actions,
habits or Intentions of any one, even miles
away; remember there is no guesswork when
you rfonsult him; If affairs of the heart or emo-
tions of love Interest, you, he gives exact and
truthful ad vice on all love affairs; he advises
you how to settle lovers' quarrels and enables
you to win the esteem and love of any one you
desire.
3 offices 1007'i Market st. 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day, 10 to 8. Mall, $2.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Hundreds are lifted from bad health, bad
luck, love, domestic and business troubles,
by the aid and advice of the popular clair-
voyant.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever ln San Francisco.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
Read Carefully An Honest Proposition.
(You to be full Judge.1
No Charge No Charge
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
. I ho hereby solemnly agree to guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, ¦ wife . or sweetheart Is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; ln fact, I
will tell every, hope, fear or ambition better
¦ than you can tell yourself; I will improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength ln mental and bodily vigor."
and " luck that insures success In business,
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
power ln your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you loye,
bring back your loved, one and cause mar-
riage with the one of choice; 10 a. m. to S
p. m. ; closed Sunday. . 326 O'Farrell st. — 326.
A^ THE EMINENT
• : -RICHARD MAYO.
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
This, week $1 — His $10 reading— $1 this week.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
I demonstrate to the entire satisfaction of my
patrons that I am ln a position to advise them
In all matters of life, whether on business, .do-
mestic troubles, health, or on social lines. If
you desire to have your lost love returned,
your\ enemies converted into stanch friends — in
a word, whate\er may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desiresi— call on this gifted man. He
will tell you frankly your condition, what you
may expect. It nothing can be done for you
he will not accept one dollar., of ; your, money.
He tells everything, good or bad. You hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. As a test
ln his readings he. tells you your name, age,
and what''yoii want to know, giving dates,
facts and figures. All business sacredly confi-
dential. Hours.rlO a. m. 1 to 8 p. m.. daily and
Sunday. . .
\V4_1 Ellis sf. Don't ring. Walk In. :
FROM all sections they come* to ; witness tho
- wonderful "demonstrations of the , noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a relief to know how you will succeed,
£ to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
¦ ling you and of the schemes of your enemies,
that you may meet with better success? Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE:.
428 Eddy; et. ; ; three separate : reception par-
lors; lady attendants; hours 10 a. : m.-8 p. m.
MME. i PORTER,' celebrated clairvoyant, • me-
dium, born with double veil and second sight,
gives, lucky days: tells past, present, future.
Ladles 50c: G.. by cards. $1: palmistry, clatr-
'..voyant sittings,; $1 50. .303 Jones, near Eddy;
A— Miss ' M. WUle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader,' will tell you exactly
what. you called for .without asktng a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISM AR. Egyptian Beeress, The Vendome. ¦ 1104
, Market ; St.; - San Francisco. Office - hours — 10
1 ¦-•"•? a. .m-'to 5 p. m.: Sundays. 10. to 12: Wednes-;
; ,«r day, evening.; 6 to 8. -Phone South 1141. r
MISS : ZEMD AR, you«!g. gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love. . marriage: business; etc.: L.; 50c.
} G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.'
MME.; ALTH_1A;'» trance -clairvoyant; call and
¦¦ be convinced:* wonderful powers. ¦ 108 Sixth
V.'st.: :hours'3*to?ll;P.""m. - ,; -• . •
I 'A— Mme. "Ravenna', read's life; -business advice:
1 :¦¦ names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis at., 'near Market
I.ODGING-HOPSES TOB SAI.E— Con.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market anrt Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-hou'^s, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything ln
first-class condition: good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $2C0 per month; if run tran-
sient can clear $."K)U to $350 per month; here Is
best propositicn in city.
7-room modern flat; close ln; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rocms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only 55 50 per room: long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer;
exclusively with us.
90-room. new. modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped ln city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing new over $200 per month: always full; best ¦
buy ln city; account sickness; price $1500.
' 180 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of ' first-class people;
clearing a handscme profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent $05; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
0-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell ;- price $100.
128 rooms, cheap" rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.,
: 65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
ln city; .clearing now $300 per month;" every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, I Alameda or Berkeley- property or ranch
ln California; must leave city. •
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 . per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all ln fine - shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2S00.
¦ Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS.
15 ROOMS; Market st.; rent $60 $1000
6-room ; flat;" rent $20. ." . V. ......"....... .'.$250
•¦¦'. 24- rooms; 'rent $00... ..';;.'..... .'.$900
12 rooms; rent $45. ..".-. ;........ ..$50O
24 'rooms;; rent '$105; will trade for land. $240O
23 rooms; rent $140: north of Market. ..$1050
V S SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
.. • " ¦-:¦'.' 1118; Marker «t. '.¦;¦"•..:"-¦'--¦¦¦-•_
MITCHELL & CO; :...... ......
.1206 Market st..:...;. .....Phone Jessie 2981
. ' . Rooming i and apartment ': houses, . hotels . and
flats sold to suit purchasers: titles guaranteed.
........... .. MITCHELL • & CO.............
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The We~ekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
' COTOTBY HOTEI. WA-TTED. "-,
ifbbo "to $6000^ WANT f urnHure and lease of
.. » first-class country hotel - in live town ; 75 - to
< 100 rooms wanted. "with bar; -give full par-
ticulars; will give ln exchange $1500 to $2000
¦ ln i cash . and first-class $3500 boarding-house.
, best s location in . San ; Francisco ; . handsome
\.f urnlture. favorable . lease. ' Address box 2545.
Callofflce.' -; .--:;¦;-¦-' >7v-v'.'" < : \- ¦'.- :
c 1 X : CltOTHnTQ B_!_roVATI-rO. '
'SUITS cleaned " an_^pressed.*" 1 ! $1; .scouring 7 and
-• . dyeing.^ Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.; ?r. - 410;
phonfc-Drumm 4_ -Call for and. deliver free*
_~R,_S™ii — A COMPLETE SET OF CREPE PAPER LUNCH SETS,
THB^CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS.... Proprietor
Address Communications to
JQIIX McXAUGIIT .Manager
\V. J. MAKTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
riect You With the Department You Wlsn.
Publication Office Market and Third. 8. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Btevenson »t.
t*»vered by carriers. 20 Cts. Per k . 75
Ctt. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terrr.6 by Mall. Including Postage (Cash witn
Order) : „ M
DAILY CALL (Inrlud. Hundar). 1 y**r...*S.W
DAILY CALL nnclud. Sunday). 6 mos... *_w
DAILY CALI — By Sinp'.e Month „'?£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year f$f
WEEKLY CAJ-L. 1 Year •• :.»:„,
f Pally . $* P0 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J p^May. 4.15 P«r Year Extra
POSTAGE |v.-w>kly 1 00 P«r Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded when re-
aue««*d. .
Mall eufcscrlber* tri ordering ch ***?». °t r J=i:
Cress should be particular to (five both WV
AND CLD ADDRESS In order to Insare a
prompt end correct compliance witn tneir re-
OAKLAND OFFICE!
1018 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tl«8 Center etreet Telephone North T7
— AEHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
pAMCEL W. ¦WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Attorla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
Cnlon Bijuare; Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
fectel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS BTANDS:
Eherm sn House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont Hou»e: Audltorluai
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Builfiln*.
(Lone Distance Telephone. "Central 261S.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. EMITH 30 Tribune Builfilnr
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third etreets; open until
12 o'clock everr night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market tstreet, opposite Filth; open until
21 r rr..
£27 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 c. m.
BfO Hayep street; open until 0:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; or*-n until 9:30 p. m.
tlb Lerkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
JP41 Mifsicn Btrcet; open until 10 p. m.
J06 Eleventh rtr<?et; open until 9 p. m.
J096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church end Duncan streets;
open urtil 9 d. m.
S200 Fillmcre strwt: open until 9 p. m.
M EETHSTP gQTICES.
CROCKETT Lodpe No. U>. F. & A. M. ©
KirFt depr^e THIS (WEDNESDAY) VV
EVENING, at 7:S0 o'clock. By order^^V
of the W. M.
R. 11. McPHERSON. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C9. F. and A. M. ®
Sr-cfal m^etins: THIS (WEDXES-VY
UAY) EVESHXa at T:30o"c!ock. The /V\
work of the third degree will be ex-
emplified before the Grand Lodge. Master
Masor.s are ccrdially invited. By order cf
the \V. M. R. E. ALLAN, Sec.
FARNEWORTH Lodce No. 95. I. -**?<*.
•¦ ¦¦ F. — Initiati n THIS (WED-.«lBK*t
NESDAY) NIGHT. Oct. 12. SH.^^^3
o'clock eharp.">Velrome Hall. Vi*- "^Sjl^^
ltin^ and sojourning brothers invited-
DR. J. C. NEWTON, N. G.
G. A. BURMAN, R. S.
ODIN Lodge No. 3'.»3. I. O. O. F.— v*»*«^
Initiation TO-NIGHT. October 12^~p!£isfez.
(in Swedish). Visitors always^-^-f^$'*1^>S
welcome. " > '*%<y»«3^
GKO G. MOREN N G.
SWAN CHYTRAUS. Sec
EX. ANDREW'S Society — Open meet- . o s
ir.s st Scottish Hall. 117 Larking Qjl
ft.. MONDAY EVENING. Oct. 17. >h?S&Z
S c'rlock. Spric o' heather frae
Scotland will be distributed. Members and
Irkads cordially invited.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. Pres.
R. G. ELJUOK, Asst. Sec.
A MEKTING of the Board of Medical Exam-
iners of the State of California will be held
en Tuesday, the 2.Vh day of October. 1SKU. at
the City Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, at the hour
of 10 a. m. of said day. for the consideration
of application? for certificate* and for such
other business as may properly come before
It. Dated Ken Francisco, October 10. l»04.
Board of Msdical Kxsminery of the State of
California. CHARLES L. TISDALE, Eecre-
tary.
A "WEEK'S nun for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
'n»£ jed t$ •SuTireui a?j \i»<I<Jbjai uj '>.a«wl 9;
AGEKTSJ—AffTED.
HOLIDAY bcoks ; eamplea ready; best llne«;
•11 publishers; beet line of subscription
bookr; best terms; agrents and canvasser*
wanted «very county and town. THE J
DEWING CO.. Flood building. S. F.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $<5 to $9 <iay. 1114
Washington et., Oakland, r. 3; 10 to 12 a-m.
INKI.ESS fountain pens: nample 15c; dozen
SI 50; retails C.V-. FTHLD CO.. 118 nush »t.
ATTOagEYS-AT-IJAW.
R. W. KING. Attorney-a.t-Law, Exam. b!djr.,
Cth fioor; entrance room 611; established l!0
j-ears; all courts, ceaeral court and office
practice; no fee in advance, or for consuita-
tlcn: evenings by appointment. Tel. RedTattl.
ADVICE free on all l?eal matters; divorces a
specialty; private, quick; no pay in advance;
miring companies organized; patents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market *t. ; estab. 22 yrs.
AAA— DIVORCE costs. $12; quick quiet. :•
Advire free; all law business
No charpe unless successful.
IPOS Market st.. ccr. Seventh, room 419.
AA— Divorce; costs $12; qulck,qulet;advice free;
all law buE'.ness; no charge unless success-
ful: open ever.lnps. 027 Market St., room 301.
ADVICE ire«; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet"
a!I law business; no rharee unless Buccess-
fnl; open evenings. 827 Market, room' 204.
W.Ma.Uh*ws. C32 Market st.; consultation free-
private and confidential; no advance fees;
collecticr.s. mechanics' Hens, tenants ejected!
PATENTS. American and foreign. SONTAGS
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine st.. Cth floor
L- 6. CLARK. 927 Market, rocm 304; consult
tlon free: no fees ln advance; open evening*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— ThTw>elciy~Cair
16 pages In wrapper. for mailing. $1 per year!
ASTHMA CTTttE.
151 CO^ A ' S Aethsi:a Remedy relieves inatantir-
10c. 25c. 80c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas 1
el»o Wirfert. 10th and Washington. Oakland!
ASTE0LOGY. —
20BEIDE. istroloeer; peychic. occuTt and^T-
trologlol reafllngs. 9 Mason et.. rooms 1-2.
balm or nos.
A POEITT\ r E cure where all others fall- all
Ciseaees of women; $2 per month. 804 Larkin
et.. upstalra. ¦
BIEDS. DOGS. ETC. ~~~
HARTZ Mountain canaries & African gray p« r .
rots Jast received. A. C. Roblson. ?.T, Kearny.
BOARD ZSO 7OS CSILDHEN.
WANTED— Child to board: good home; best of
care- n*ar school. 1S90 lilssion st. nr. ISth.
BTJSIMXS3 CHANCES.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO~
Hotel Erokera, 26 Montgomery St.. S. T.
Phone James 6301.
Hotels bought, leased, sold and exchanged In
*ny locality.
EALOON and restaurant— BeBt family resort
In Watsonville: low rent and long lease;
limit of 25 saloon licenses ln this city: doing
W^yi b lff"c_, Adtoa< . THE TAVERN.
TOR sale— Elrhth lnteresT in new steam
schooner; oU burner; one of the * boats
on the coast; is pa>-ins 15 per cent net. For
v^^S^. tddres> MRS. J. H. MANS-
FIELD. Redwood City, CaL
r^t R w »^ltl >< ? w »~2? a e«5ond-hand fnrnlture
s _ , • .
I ===— ==CRJLPE PAPER.
| FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS
I f •¦^jf|w u ** ilM" j ne Tablecloth 42x70
*>' Era - *-*%*$£ **%m ikii' &**& "-_3 B \MJ&*9\f(Q> i^l_i7^S>ri"nc
O I Fv-^V jWg«&VV t* * *' *<*- 'laps! ma W m v UbvsMIaaW
i 1Bm«[ * !m|lill^ ta^ e de coration and have become quite a fad
8 £_*_____¦¦¦¦__ _*_^ ' Mff^^^^:^ tor inches, teas and even dinner parties, as
ijf- I Bpj^^jBBiHjH^^KKyCSyffe{c^flRWi^^»iB^BR vvK'-v:-,';-, ;: _KNBBQBB_L JEI^_H^_l__^B^__S&_S_(_KQ^ntt?if___9_ * ' *
i. mmMHw- i«fflai>fciiJIBSwlil_s_-H_____i| they closely resemble linen in their texture and
X SAMPLE DOYLY SHOWING ONE DESIGN. A A . ' u , , ,
§ ' ¦ ¦ are most artistically printed in various designs
I such as Holly, Violets, Rose, Lace and Palm. The coloring is vivid and the effect most natural.
| Any one bringing a Want Ad to our office
I THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY
;¦¦¦;.." Will receive V FREE a box containing one of these sets.
§T " ' : ' i •
\j * . ¦ ~
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
| OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL! WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
11
yr~T.T> Vtr A TTTT.Tt T»»- — _<- — H--««.
A— MURRAY & HEADY, <>!l and t«'i Clay st
Phone Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Wo speak the German. French, Italian,
Scandinavian, tjreek, Spanish. Slavonian and
l>;u::>-h languages.
lOo:; We Gave l'JO* We Hods to
WM*> Men Work. Increase UU.tWO.
Matcher and gttckor hand, *:> to $4 day. |
i'amter. city, ilaln Job. $2 CO Jay. i
2IJ current".-!-*. Nevada Staf. $^ oO day. I
0 bench lianii?. i
14 cabinet maker*, factory work. I
Carder, cotton machine, $2 "5 day.
- cutoff sawyers, country.' $75.
Tablemakers, :t brushmakers, band sawyers.
Gang trlmmerman. fare $2 Ow, $50 found.
LOOK!
i Blacksmith, Government Job, Nevada, $3 DO
day.
C PLUMBERS, $4 50 day.
Vour fare paid, non-union men.
12 PLASTERERS, $4 50 day.
0 IRON MOLDERS.
We]j digger. $40 fd. • lever man, dredger, $75.
MISCELLANEOUS POSITIONS.
Farmer and wife, fare $ri, $45 und found,
laborer, city pickle factory. $10 week.
DRAI'ERY SALESMAN.
STABLEMEN.
lti stablemen, city and country, $75, $C0, $40,
i'iO and found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
COOKS.
9 cooks, different Jobs, $<X>, $50, $40, $30 fd.
C waiters, porters, bedmakers, $20 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward. $50 and found.
Greek nortsr, country saloon, $25 and found.
MURRAY &. READY, 034 and UJ« Clay et.
JKRKLINE teamster. $2 25, $2 50 day.
BQ YS— BO Y S--BO YS.
25 boys for factory, $30 and found.
GANG CHARCOAL BURNERS. 18c SACK.
FARM HANDS.
25 farm hanOs, $30, $2G and found.
15 choremen and boys, ranches, $15 to $30 fd.
2 camp blacksmiths, $05 and found.
12 buys or young men, sash and door factory,
$1 to $1 50 day.
Boy, city grocery store; saloon porter, $25 fd.
_ foremen. Government work, Nev., $tS5 fd.
Blacksmith Government work. Nev.. $05 fd.
MURRAY & READY, G34-686 Clay St.
CARPENTERS.
2 carpenters, city Job, $3; carpenter, city,
$3 50 day.
3 ship carpenters, $4 day.
Carpenter, mine, see boss here, $3 day.
WOODWORKERS.
Wheelwright, Nevada, Government work;
$3 50 day.
Woodworker, country shop, fare $1, $3 day.
BUTCHERS.
MEAT CUTTERS.
Slaughter butchers, country shop, $50 fd.
_ butchers, country, email shops, $30 found.
Shop butcher, good Job, $50 and found.
4 shc-ep butchers, city Jobs, {SO.
' COAL MINERS.
COAL MINERS COAL MINERS
STATE WASHINGTON STATE
30
Coal miners to go to Washington; good mine,
no gas; good accommodations; company
guarantees $3 up per day. See us about It
Part fare refunded.
MURRAY _. READY, GJ4-63G Clay st
LOOK
again:
5 bricklayers, $6 day; cement finisher, $4 day.
3 plasterers, $5 day; 2 painters, $3 50 day.
8 plumbers, $4 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-63« Clay st.
SEE HERE.
15 laborers, company work, free fare.
5 young men for poultry store, $12 week.
MINERS.
SEE BOSS HERE.
Lumberman, gold quartz mine, $90.
5 double-hand miners. fS2 50.
AGAIN.
Cook, country hotel, ?«SO found.
Walter, same place, 330 found.
Butcher and sausage maker, south, $40 found.
Butter.-naker and milker, see boss here, $30
found.
Young man, city store, $40.
BAKERS.
2 bench hands, city Job. $17 week.
MURRAY & READY, 034-836 Clay st.
IT'S NEW.
TRACKMEN. ITS GOOD BALLAST WORK.
25 laborers for track work on new R. R. for
lumber company, $07 to $75.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— MR. RUSSELL, mine foreman, please call.
2 men, produce market, $10 to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY, 034-030 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS feeder for platen and cylinder
preores. EDWARD KNOWLES COMPANY;
21 Second st
PAINTERS wanted; 2 men for outside work.
F. H. ABBES. 1803 Polk St.
PLUMBER wanted: call early. 470 Hayes st.
GOOD barber wanted. 023 Clay st. ; call after
9 o'clock.
GOOD wages, salesmen, to take orders for
cheap merchant tailoring. Box 2S81, Call.
WANTED — A first-class steady waiter. 29
Stockton St.
STEADY all round kitchen man. Call early
805 Mission st.
DRUG clerk wanted; salary $20 a week; state
references. Box 2ti01, Call office.
BARBER— 3-chaIr shop at sacrifice; don't miss
it. 1000 Valencia st.
A COMPETENT physician who desires to take
up an exclusive and lucrative territory to
practice medicine. Call, at room 321, Golden
West Hotel, betwen 5 and 6 o'clock, Tues-
day, Wednesday or Thursday.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only Institution teaching the ton-
Borial art. Call »jr write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College, 649
Sacramento st.
LIFE position* at good salaries In Government
service and how to eecure them. For full
particular* apply Pacific Correspondence In-
Etitute, Grant bldg.. 1065 Market st, S. F.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled latmrers. are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD
A SMITH. 05 Third St.. S. F.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion: $£0 per month and expenses; references
required. Box 2368, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — An experienced grocery clerk.
HOFFMAN BROTHERS, Twenty-fourth and
Chim-h stF.
BARGAIN— 2-rhaIr .Fhop; revolving chairs;
good business; first-clap* every respect: $100:
•elline account departure. Box l.ifilj, Call.
GET your fhoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 6«M Mission «t.. bet. l»t and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St.. Examiner building.
BARBER school; the cheapest and best ln-
structlon and shortest time to i learn the
barber trade In the world. 647 Commercial st.
TRY our men's shoes, unton made; $1 and $1 50
;air; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay express
charge*. 11 3d st.. Etam. bld.;open till 9 p.m.
WANTED— Three or four laborers. Fourteenth
ave% and N st. south; take Kentucky-et car.
ORDINARY and able bodied i«am«n for all I
parts of world. THOS. MURRAY.510 Davis st.
USEFUL German; wlnehouse: tend bar; state
age; references. Box 27C5, Call office.
THREE-CHAIR barber phop for eale on ac-
count slcknees. 778 Folsom, nr. Fourth st.
GOOD paying barber *hop at a snap; don't i
fall to ae«> It. Apply S28 Bryant st.
DISHWASHER wanted; help In kitchen. M5
Valencia st.
MAN" for profitable trade: references and $25
wages while learning.' 212 First st.
WANTED — A Jeweler to make Jewelrv from
df-5lens as a side lin?. Box 7782. Call office.
S. F. BARBER College will take next 6 scholars
free. Call for particulars at 741A Howard at.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st, where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 mln..75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ship*. HALLBERT. 817 Jackson at
LABOR debt* collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r.413.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullis,r.40,Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, Q. .A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bun and baccage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertistment* and subscriptions has been
epentd Mt IOCS Market st, opposite" Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Call branch office, cor Duncan _ Church sts.
ALL elies men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. MB Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
WK want a number of experienced sewing
machine solicitors; liberal proposition to live
' n /-ii who can do business. : White Sewing i
Machine Co.. 915 Market st J
rggl^CgMSarT WANTED— Male— Con. •
fci nwAPD
Wi;h ft-mt-c!ar* KaFtern references
v ..:-.:- a. ponlticn, city or country.
Mitel «r restaurant
Bex __Z. Call office.
ACCGIJTTANT. joutxc mar., exptrlen-ed au-
ditor and synemattzer. familiar with all
nrtd»n methois: permanent or temporary :
f»oel«nt crf-deDtlais- wagrs nioU'rat*. liix
_S«7. -"nil.
AfSTI AN. Si> years old, speaks English.
G—run Pol!«h nr.d Russian, wants ponltfon
«s fcnkkreper. carhler or collector: city, or
coutt-y; best references. Box 2*2». CaP.
GOOD all-round man wants p"ltlon In pri-
vate place; ur.dei-s'Jtnds care of horses, gar
den; pood driver; ran milk; good references.
Bo* 2515. Call office.
A TlfMtOUGH constructing etc-tric or eteam
*_©>«"er, unlorstands mining machinery and
railed wit; Kood references. Address
_M}g«a. i.all oflice.
1'Ll'lBETR. !ir«-n!ted and independent, wanti
wo* from propel ty owner by the day or
¦M; has all li«n ¦I-IJI *hop tools. B.ox _Stt4.
Cal'offW.
COMJICTENT *nd experienced arcountant
war* sets of books to keep, opening and
tlolat hooks, expertise accounts, etc. Box
~-«i Call office.
A AIRMAN. TT.!d'.!^-aced nnd single, wishes
a 4 uat ' on ** <"l*rk in grocery and barroom:
fint-c'.ns* rerere_c*«. W. BOHLING, 417
Keruy rt.
BUTJ.ER wlshfs a position, city or country.
nt 2M3. Call office.
BAffinR. young man. wants chance to learn
t i : . — Address box 2079, Call office.
W AfTED— Situation as specialty talesman.
B* 2574. CaU.
Gi:JMAN gardener, married. like work »iy .lay
¦ imonth in city. Box 2431. Call .-face.
> ntT-CLASS machiniEt and tool-maker; will
anywhere. Box 1 'O, Call office..
li< ij of IS would Itk« to drive wacon. Box
J|4. Call office.
WiSTEU — Pusltlcn as collector; references
X- 1 and bond* fuminhed. Box S4S1. Call.
CmXESE. excellent cook, very ulc« refer-
i^fc. wifrt.a a situation in family; city or
truntry: waeet $35. Address 73»A Jackson
f... room EL, phone China 146, between 8
|r>d 11 a. m.
CflXESB firrt -class cook wants situation In
rrlvate family. CH1NG WING. 902 Clay Bt
A.TOUNG Japanese boy. gentle and honevt,
Hants position as waiter on table or bellboy
m hotel; speaks Englifh freely. G. Y.
|TOU. 712 Putter st.
H! ANi'.M! wants to wash dishen and wait it
rtable every nljrfet. and Sunday work. HAH-
RT. 1410 Pine st. San Francisco; pnuiie
Hyde 171.
fOI) Japanese wants place In private family;
liouKCWcrk. washing or wait at table. T.
<"RANE. -^O Railroad ave.. Alameda.
JAPANESE young man wishes a position at
housework- F2 week. T. STANLEY, 1304
Post «t.. i.hon« Putter 4132.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position in any
kind of store or office at general work; speaks
wfll, HIHARA, 219 Post Bt.
G<"»oi> Japan?** couple want positions in fam-
ily: m_n a* good cook: wife an waitress; best
ref? S. T.. J3O3 Polk St.: phone Larkln 482.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position to do
housework in private family. Address 1913
Mission st. ; phone Capp .'1673.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position as
fcrbonflwry. G. ARIMORI. 4_U Stevenson ¦_,:
,-.¦:.• Jessie £.iH\.
A JAPANESE young boy wants position as
nhoolboy *.n a family. PoFtal address, HIRO,
r.1'7 Dupont st
JAl'ANE.^K honest boy wants a position; wash
ciiFiivt or housework: understands some Eng-
i.ri, 1. XAKAMIRA, 744 Post St.
JAPANESE Hich School student wishes posi-
tion in larrily: good worker. GEORGE.
121 Haight kt.
JAPANESE faithful boy wants situation school
U ¦:•¦. S. P.. IS*. Polk et. ; phone Polk 4011.
A BRANCH offir-e lor Call sdvertlsemrats and
FUbsorir-r.on» has b*en established at I09o
v«lenr(a •».
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r— -fived at Call Branch office. 2200 Flltmore.
riNAWCIAI,.
riHET MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
f<=cure<! by th* best of Income busines ¦ prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease: quarterly
fnter«4rt.
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINAJCCE CO. (INC.)
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th St..
Oakland.
COMPANIES Incorporated: new ideas; pre-
• errcd. guaranteed stocks: preferential dlri-
Ojicf; b;_ excitement mining: hurry up; do
•¦'. r,ow : stock eold for you; Eastern connec-
'loni: out-of-town clients sc'lcited; adric*
r— e Write A. F. HARASZTHT. 522 Cross-
*y bu:;ong. San Francisco.
rLATSTOLCT.
A— HOUSES aad flats to let; an Immense list;
e«rv>~ absolutely fr*e; take advantage of
tfcl» department: tt will save yon Urn* and
trouble. <.or<Jes Furniture Co.. 24S-2M) G«_rr
at. en the square.
ASHBURT st. between Haight and Page; new
4 and 5 room Cats; everything swell- janitor
sen-ire; come and see them.
f25— GRAND fiat; « rooms: all modern
junny; .rrand view. 738 Dolores St.. corner
GRAND sunny flat: 7 rooms, all modern; rent
vtry low to reepontible party. 874 Valencia
«t , r.ear Twentieth.
*_^'l •"«*"•* fl-ts of C rooms and bath: tinted
in latest style and everything up to date
__31S2 «nd 2:54 Twenty-sixth «*„; $25.
ELEGANT, nt-w. sunny 6-room flat; S32 50- 1
Hwk north of Market et. 165 Noe »t . near
Fifteenth.
BR'JDEPJCK. 1C20. near Sutter- Elegtnt new
mc<l-rn flat. 7 rooms and bath; sunny ex-
pofLr;; key lot.
»32 60— NEW flat of 7 r. & b.; large yard and
garden tor children; sun a'.l day. NW. cor.
ndtea and Soott. opp Alamc square.
ELEGANT bay- window flat <5 rooms and bath
Ztt. 73o Minna et.. near Ninth.
MARKI-T. :c-,8. nr. Castro— Modern flat, 7
m:.t.;. m;g; bath: laundry; $27 60; water free.
MuD_l:N f.att of 3 tunny rooms. 953 San-
chfrz. corner of Tuenty-third.
O.NTKAL. modern flat: 5 rooms, bath. 1020
t-f rc.-r.tr.tc. ft., ebove Powell.
K L'i; (I , ANT flat. 6 rooms, bath.
¦ ¦,.. Minna «t.. west of Ninth.
TINT; uprT flat: rrand marine view- C large
n-crr.t.hrrh. S.E.cor. Jones at. and Broadway.
LARCEFT list of house* and flats to let Call
en LYON & HOAG. 118 Mcctgomery st I
"ifSTi?,. V rra ™ t: * ne ~. wnny flats.
i'-l -HIM Guerrero it.
y sf t hrte^Tc^> c « r r'- ™
_~J£TBJPO3 SAt,E-~_TJK_nSK_a>.~ '
A BEAUTIFUL furnished 5-ronm flaf'^wTM I
fo-Tince: cost *Sk>: immediately 2715 But
lei. flat 10. nfttr 12 a. m. l
UPi'ER Cat of n\cn roorrs at 50 Ueary at
for »a> us a whole or by piece: great aarrl
nee on account o| «lrkr.c*>; fiat for rent.
I7?2 eUTTFR— 7-rootn flst; S completely *u>-
nlfhtd; all new; will pell for *3oq : j^
FOB *al», ch.-ar— Five furnished room*- oak-
___^ £J5-_^ r f " c: < * rhcu " - to4pm:
BARGAIN— Nine rooms and bath furnished-
£*___ rent. 72* Howard «t; must be »oid
tx-fore October 15.
JCICELY furntsb*d modern flat for sale, 1074
Foisura «t. near Sixteenth.
CONTENTS of 7 rooms; must be sold br No-
vember t_. l_i6H Vallejo st.
PEBSOSALB.
A— MME. GILLINGHAM.
DERMATOLOGIST,
Has removed her parlors to 1K» Stockton st.
Union square building, over Regal shoe store
and opposite City of Paris, room 16. where she
will continue to treat her patrons for all facial
blemishes.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandru.T
and itching vcalp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1338 PoIk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure dure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; prlca 50c. Manufactured *plely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 40 Turk st. S. F.
"REXRADIO'S" offices thronged; numerous
patients promptly, wonderfully benefited:
"public" free healing 2 and 8 p. m.; office
hours 2 to 7. 7S3H Market Bt
BEST on earth— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the wont bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St. near Pow elL
MRS. HOLSHOUSER, 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary — Bust devel., electrolysis, massage.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week .
NEUHAU8 CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
Tests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $13 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARQAINS In fine diamonds; easy pa.y_Mnta.
P. V. QARIN. 188 Montgomery st
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair remored; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1810 Sutter st
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERAGB costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements end subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PALinSTEY.
BLACKMAN studied palmistry five year* in
hospitals, morgues, prisons, among all classes,
before practicing professionally. 537 O'Far-
rell at.. 10 to 5.
PTT— CH— .BXarO AOE-TCTES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence sollclt-
ed. 305 Larkln st. room 49; tel. South 319.
PBOPOSAXiS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon. No-
vember 1, 19O4, and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yards, Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., and the Naval Training Station. San
Francisco. Cal.. as specified, a quantity of
incandescent lamps, telephone switch board,
Weston ammeter, bracket fans and accesso-
ries, transformers, hard rubber, wire, lamp
cord, miscellaneous electrical supplies, corn
brooms, scrubbing brushes, feather dusters,
paint brushes, Portland cement, slacked lime,
fire clay, drain tile, marble dust asphalt,
gravel, flax canvas, plain and khaki cotton
canvas, plain and khaki cotton twine. Rus-
sian crash and flax, oakum, calking cotton,
braid, towels, bnrlaps, thread, gimp, needles.
etc., bedspreads, blankets, mattresses, pil-
lows, etc.. glass, lenses, bolts, nuts, locks,
screws, flies, tars and dies, drills, nails,
.spikes, pulley blocks, vises, chain, cutters,
hooks, grommets, thimbles, Coburn track and
fittings, sash weights. horsesho«s. miscella-
neous hardware and hand tools, Nicholson
mandrels. Norton emery wheels, band re-
eaws, crosscut saw, engine lathe, molder,
mortlser, upholsterer's leather, rigging leath-
er, rawhide lacing leather, Oregon pine, fir,
sugar pine, redwood, cedar, - teak. Tobtn
bronze, sheet brass, sheet copper, ingot cop-
per, pig lead, sheet lead, bar iron, bar steel,
plain and corrugated galvanized sheet steel.
Jessop's tool steel. Crescent tool steel, sheet
tin, pig tin, sheet zinc, rails, fire hose, gar-
den hoee, steam hose, she«t gum, white lead,
red lead, white zinc, paints, graphite, engine
oil, linseed oil. cylinder oil. lard oil. navy lu-
bricant, gasoline, tallow, asphaltum varnish,
beeswax, camphor gum, rosin, etc., acids,
potash, lye, petrolatum. La Page's glue,
putty, bath brick, sstpollo. etc., lacquer lus-
ter, tar, bras* pipe, iron pipe, lead pipe, con-
denser tubes, engine Indicators, metallne
bushings, pipe fittings, boiler tn'oea, valves,
etc.. tinned lard, tinned bacon, tinned ham,
tinned corned beef, salt beef, tinned apricots,
tinned pears, tinned peaches, macaroni,
prunes, rice, evaporated cream, cocoa, salt,
pepper, tea. tinned lima beans, tinned string
beans, tinned corn, tinned peas. American
pea beans, tinned tomatoes, pickles, canned
salmon, memorandum pads, blotting paper,
typewriter paper, carbon paper, toilet paper,
pencils, shipping tags, miscellaneous station-
ery, typewriter ribbons, tracing cloth, etc.,
developing paper, blueprint paper, harness,
saddler's supplies, cork, linoleum, cement.em-
ery cloth, thermometers, lamp wick, coaling
basket*, oars, hand fire grenades, athletic
outfit, 'kitchen utensils, ranges, dishwashing
machine, office furniture, document flies,
card index cabinet, lavatories, etc., steam
traps, feed pumps, heating boilers, .radiators,
scales, lawn mower, hoisting engine and fire
extinguishers. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the navy pay of-
fices. San Francisco, Cal.. and Seattle.
Wash H. T. B. HARRIS. Paymaster Gen-
eral. U. S. N. 9-24-04.
ASSESSMENT gfOTICES.
NOTICE — Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department. State of California;
Sacramento, October 11. 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section 3608 of
the Political Code, notice la hereby given
that I have received from the State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
sessments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
State Board Of Equalization for the year
1U04, viz. :
Central Pacific Railway Company. South
Pacific Coast Railway Company. Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company. Carson and
Colorado Railway Company, California
Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of
the San Kranci.-co and North Pacific Rail-
way). Southern California Railway Company;
the Atchlson. Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company; North Shore Railroad Company.
Pacific Coast Railway Company. Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company. Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company,
Nevada-Californla-Oregon Railway Company,
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, Alameda
and San Joaquln Railroad Company. Sierra
Railway Company of California, Gualala Mill
Company, Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans-
portation Company. Boca and Loyalton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro. Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the .Pull-
man Company.
The State and county taxes on all per-
sonal property and one-half of the State
and county taxes on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday In November next, at
t o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto. 3
per cent will be added to the amount there-
of, and unless so paid on or before the las:
Monday In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m.. an
additional 5 per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the first
Monday in January next, and will be dclia-
cuent on the last Monday In April next, at
h o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to - the
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior theretov
& per cent will be added to the amount
thereof.
E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
DXV1DE2TD NOTICES. ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Directors of this bank,
held October 4. 1904, a dividend for the
quarter year, ending September 30. 1904,
was declared at the rate of seven (7) p«r
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th lnst Transfer books will be closed
from the 10th to the 15th lnst. both days
Inclusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco. Oct. 4, 1004.
A WAT to health; mothers' and daughters'
¦ home treatment: booklet frse; write for it.
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone East 282.
FEATS jrOJEET--ryBir.SHED . I
TO LET— Partly rumished middle flat or five
noms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between l:3t» and 5 p. m.. 79 South
Park.
HANDSOMELY fur. modern flats. 4. 5 and 'J
r.; sun; rent reag.: 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Uartlett.
LLLiS. 7.SU— 0 cr 8 rm».. iln-ly lurni.-hed; va-
catrd Oct. 1. fall bet. 1 & 4 p. m.. preml»eg.
rTJBNTTTJBE FOB SAI.S.
$75 WORTH of furnltu— for $7 50 down. $1 50
IPr werk. T. Brilliant's Kur. Co.. :S4O I'ost St.
r\TBNI_— 'BE WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market B t. T>1. Jepsie 701.
Dun't sell your furniture. carp*tc. office fur-
niture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will se!l on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc. Katj Market; phone Jessie 5338.
_ KEtP WANTED— FEMAjLE.
COOK. San Jose. .'." .'.« $40
4 couks. German style *35 and $30
Colnred girl, cook, room out $"&i |
Cook for small boarding-house $3U
French governess and seamstress $3o> I
3 second girls *2O and $2»
Cook toy lle'.mont $35
General housework for Shasta $30
German nur»e_lrl %l*i
Second giri. Ross Valley f25
Nurse for orphanage $20
3" restaurant waitresses $7, $S and $23 i
High School graduate for office work. I
2 colored girls for housework $2O-$25
Dining-room g!rl U.r Institution $1^»
Kitchen helper. Menio Park $25
Houwwork. Mountain View $25
And a large number of housework girls,
city and country $20-$25-$30
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 534 Sut-
ter st
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
C4-6S CHRONICLE HLDG. JAMES 2621.
Stenographer, good correspondent, $90 mo.
Young !ady burner and designer, $10 wk. up.
Saleslady, experienced, country, $20 week.
Experienced sewer*, good pesitien, salary.
2 eeleoJadles for glove ftorr-. $8 to $10 week.
2 wrappers and packers, $8 week up.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng.
msntcurlnr. etc.: trad* taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: tuition $.1 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
ruarsnteed nt $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary ft., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season: both seasons taught from start
•o flnUh In one month for $5: positions as
trimmers, salecladle.. makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled im-
mtdlately. Parlors 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric mas«age. etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast: day
acd evening classec; all parlor work at r«-
duced prices. 133 Powell st
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time, and return to
us: no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self-addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co
Wl_ Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTJED — Young woman who is an experi-
enced' dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
SMART girl to do buying for dressmaking es-
tabllshmer.t. J. BAER. 1200 Geary st.
YOUNG women of good education to train for
nurses; paid while learning. Box 27B1, Call.
GIRLS wanted— Mutual L. & L. Co., Second
and Bryant st«.. Bryant st. entrance.
GIRL for general housework: no washing; two
in family; references. 10:!2 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLA?S waist, skirt and coat hands.
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary St.
YOUNG lady wanted as an accountant. Ad-
dress communications to box 2750, Call office.
A GOOD hairdresser and manicure. Box 2SS7,
Call office.
YOUNG gtrl to mind children; no washing.
S22 Twenty-ninth st
AFPRENTICE on \estg wanted; paid whila
learning. 1707 Market St.
WANTED — Waitress. 1C24 Hyde st
GIRL for general housework; wages $20 Call
after 8 o'clock. 72O Cole st.
LADIES to learn barber trade In 8 weeks: also
halrdressing and manicuring In 4 weeks: cat-
alogue mailed free. Moler Barber College
649 Sacramento st
EXPERIENCED rewiog machine operators oa
overalls, coats and jumpers; steady work.
LEVI FTRAUSS * CO.. 32H Fremont »t
Apply to Mr. Darts.
ERRAND girl wanted. SCHIMMEL & STO-
VER. 408 Sutter st.
GOOD hands on vests for machine work and
buttonhole; also finisher. 641 '4 Stevenson st.
PANTS finishers: must be experienced; aUo
good Hewers. 245 Ninth st
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
HEIJP^ WAgTED—MA_.E.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO. ' '
64-65 CHRONICLE BLDG. James 2621.
6 rough carpenters, experienced In bridge
or warehouse building: 3 months' work,
-wages $4 day: free fare both ways; call
early, boes here.
Upholsterer, city, $3 50 day.
Mattress maker, city, $3 50 day.
Cabinet maker, city. *3 50 day.
Traveling man. experienced as manager;
good proposition. $25 week' and expenses.
Dentist, all round man, Al salary.
Tea and coffee salesman, country, $75. mo.
Practical furniture salesman. $75.
Clothing salesman, country. $75.
Oents' furnlshlnr. city references. $15 wk.
A man of indomltabl* energy for local mfg.
company, salary $125 mo.
Young man to learn saddlery, salary.'*
Boy to become cnvkery salesman. $6 wk.
Open until 8:30 o'clock p. m.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Coutractors 1 Agc-nts, D5 Third st.
New railroad work. Amador Co., laborers.
$2: teamsters. $2; fare $2 35; long job, good
camp.
New steam railroad. Napa Co.; laborers. $2:
station work, 18c yarJ; fare |1; no discount.
Man to lay stone gutter, city, $2 50; shoe-
maker, repair work. $2 .VI, Oakland: porter,
German, rlty saloon. $20 to $25 and meals;
lumber pilers. Sierra Co.. $2 75 to $3; grape
picker*. Sonoma Co., $1 and found: 2 boys
for city store. $1; 3 carpenters, north. $3 50,
(finishers).
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
042 Commercial st. Phone Bunh 8X3.
Calker and carpenter, no Sunday work, com-
pany Job. $70 and found; 2 carpenters, city.
$3 day; 5 plow teamsters, $30 and found; 10
men to burn charcoal, ISc sack; 2 farm
hands. 50c fare. $2u and found; other Jobs.
AMERICAN dairy foreman. $00 and found;
2 ranch teamtters, $3.'» and found; laundry-
man for institution, $25 to $30 and found
and others. J. F. CltOSETT &. CO.. til's
Sacramento st
A— HOTEL- GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery', r. 12—
Night clerk, country hotel. $25.
WANTED— Young man who is a thoroughly j
experienced dress goods salesman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' |
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
city router. Apply between 0 and Ham
at HALE BROS.'
j EXPERIENCED commercial pen and Ink art-
ist wanted for general department store
! work; must be good at women's and men's
apparel. Apply thin morning, superintend* '.
ont'i office. th« Emporium. '
| WANTED — Young man as bookkeeper; must be
a No. 1 accountant and able to do some
stenography; bend and references required;
cood place_ f<>r right man. Box 2869. Call.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters home
evenings; $» .">0 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 12,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa. ;.-_;:,,>
BARBERS—; ;J-chair shop in the country for
Kale; all oak furniture and continuous mir-
rors; one of the bebt towns in the State; side
line pays rent Address box 2977, Call office.
JEWELRY salesman wanted: must also be ex-
perienced In cloaks and silver-plated ware.
Apply superintendent's office, the Emporium.
WANTED— Experienced retail salenman. Ap- j
r>iy Great American Importing Tea Co., 48
Market »t.. upstairs. ,
BOY wanted, not under lrt years. Apply
CHAS. LYONS, Lcndon Tailor, 721 Market.
MAN to learn the barber trade. We pay you
v. hlle learning. 751 Mission *t.
WANTED — Tin good salesmen for city work.
Asolr at once.. Occidental Hotel, room SO.
HOESES AMDJWrAQONS. '
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, lflo Stevenson. S.F.
CARLOAD gentle work and driving horses.
Western Horse Market. 220 Valencia st. E.
STEWART, formerly of 721 Howard st.
THREE second-hand top wagons, business
buggies and delivery wagons of all kinds.
l.VM-KOt* Folsom st.
FINE rubber tire Victoria: the latest thing;
for Eale cheap. 1503 Foliiom st.
FIRST-CLASS horse; .fine new top wagon;
suitable bakery, laundry. 847 Mission st.
WANTED — Large work horses: ' sul table for
piano wagons. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons oold cheap. 16S0 Mission st. nr. 13tb.
AUCTION Fale of horses, wagons and 'harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth at
WAGONETTES, furrey*. buggies, wagons, har-
nw, work nnd driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO i^LET.
A — PRINTED list of hou»e» to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
$27 00— PANHANDLE. 1181 Oak; 8 rooms:
enlon parlors basement, yard. Inquire at
1183 Oak at.
: _________________
BROADWAY, 1'j32. near Laguna — S rooms,
bathr marine view; rrnt $42 50.
NICE sunny house. 5 rooms, bath. 20 Metcalfe
place, off Geary St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
HOTJSES TO IiET— rTJBBflS-tED.
HOWARD. 2130. nr. 18th— S rooms nicely fur-
nlshed; rent $50. 1 to 4 p. m.
HOTJSES rUBWISHED— rOB BAItB.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 525 — Furnltur* of 11
housekeeping rooms, full steady roomers,
cheap, as owner is leaving city.
FOR sale — 10-room furnished house. 45 Sacra-
mento st. ; rent cheap.
NICELY furnished house of 12 rooms. 233
Third st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Strictly first-class house In the
Western Addition, furnished or unfurnished,
for six months or year; about 12 rooms;
careful and responsible tenant. Box 2820,
Call office.
HOTJSES WANTED — -TJBN-BHBP.
WANTED — A furnished house of about 7 or 8
rooms within half hour from ferry; rent not
over $60. Box 25S0. Call office. • :
COTTAGES TO LET.
$16 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms, bath; no children;
references. 2130 Union st
INYAIin) OHA IB8. "
SOLD rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ; tel. Park 77».
I.O8T AND POPWD. _^
LOST— Black leather pocketbook, containing
naturalization papers and other papers.
Please return to 252 Twelfth ave., Richmond;
reward.
LOST— A pass book with* the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of HARRY N. HUNT, No. 283-
207; the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Monthly ferry commutation ticket;
name Roy Go.ts. Return to 505 Sutter St.,
S. F. ; reward.
LOST- -Short-hair yellow dog with collar and
license. Return 1127 Florida st; reward.
LOST — Male collie; answers to name Imp. Re-
turn to 1208 Sutter st. and receive reward.
LOST— White Boston bulldog. Return to 2100
Devisadero st.
LOST — Painter's valise containing tools and
pair shoes. Return McCord's, 1248 Mission.
LOST— A dark brown female cocker spaniel.
Reward If returned to 1219 York st
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
S'lllng your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case-Kactory tt> tie fnade into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st.
-.AUWCHES POB HIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., tojt of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Michaelis Launch Cc.Union-st.Wharf ; boat-
InR & excursions. 5 Steuart *t. :tel John 2<5S6.
MISCELIiAgfEOTJS— rOB S AltB^
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, cto., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte, in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Marketst.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
AA — 19 varieties thoroughbred young roosters
and pigeons. Ingleslde Poultry Yards, 007 Mt.
Vernon ave.; Ocean View car to steel bridge.
A — BUYS, sells or 'rents gear machinery, en-
gines, hollers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear sf.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California vlrglii gold
weddlns rings for sale by the' PORTLAND
" JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
$600 — BUYS Sonoma County weekly paper; best
thing on market; owner poor health. JA-
BEZ, box 113, Petaluma, Cal.
TRY our men's- shoes at $1 and $1 BO pair;
foot-form shoes at ?2 Bo; wa pay express
charges. 11 3d st, Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st. room. 12. upstairs.
TICKET — Woman's, first-class to Kansas City:
cheap. Box 4U, Stanford University. CaL
HOODTOP baby carriage for sale. Call at 610
Buchanan st.
SAFES and desks, prices right, at Richardson
Bros., 123-125 New Montgomery, nr. Mission.
Firewood cut to lengths, ?2 delivered] eTc.
Pitcher & Co.. 6th & Hooper; tel. South 375.
Wallpaper. 3^c; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan, 1302 Webster: tel. Stelner 3671
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for «ale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton.
EJLEGANT diamond ring, $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery hi.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO., 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 large atones; a
bargain; $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; minting, painting.
Hnrtmann Paint Co.. aiOfrhlrd; tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. SOT.Mlsrton at.; tel. South Ml.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
_C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021^ Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market at.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 1.31 Post st.
SOME gcod 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p., cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mrkt
SAFES — New and . second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all, sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCEI.-.ANEOTJS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., room 405, Ad-
ams bldg.. 206 Kearny st: phone Black 3036.
I WANT to buy billiard table; monthly, In-
stallments. TAMAGAWA. 051 Webster st,'
Oakland; phen* Black 7061.
HIGHEST prices for ladles'. gents' castoff cloth-
ing.. etc. Tel. Davis S25: 650 Sacramento st
AAA— BUY any am't good 2d-hand ladles' and
men's clothing. 922 Folsom. tel. Folsom 8522.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
TILTON want* good second-hand clothing an<*
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; ttl. Juiit 2851.
MEDICAt.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
. fiom irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION. AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st, rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are in trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say thi«. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' specialist, now
' visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity, homes "of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. WTETH? specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 828 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fo r all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100SV4 Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Rugglea Drug Co., Kearny — Clay.
DR. ROSEN residence 2095 Folsom st, corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
MONEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN "COMPANY "(Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% and 6 per cent
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided Interests in
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests in
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5824.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, "
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need. Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
" WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels. - .
Location, etc.
Box 490, Call office.
SALARY LOANS— '
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg|
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 38 Geary, room 38.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Btore.
84S Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNG & CO., room 537 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid oft.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
near Market.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confidential. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.,
722 Market st.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. 60 Columbian bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 526 Parrott bid.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007* Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery St.. rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
ST.* ' Loan Co. of Wyoming loans tA salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. "Bk. bldg.
ALL loan* on diamonds and jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorscr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
A LtsT^oT'ljP^lGHTTlARGAINS^ ~~"~
Chlckering, rosewood, perfect order: Chick-
erlng. mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany, good as new, three pedals; Vos«,
walnut case, a snap; Sterling, oak case,
used ten months; Willard, used one year,
fine condition, easy payments — fully guaran-
teed: from $165 up.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell st
AT $2 per month ud, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes In used Instruments.
.HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; Oak-
land. 1232 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
WHY pay $3C0 for a piano when you can buy
the samo grade Instrument for $160. cash or
installment*, at 769 Market st.. second floor?
ELEGANT walnut upright, former price $250,
to be had for $117. cash or lnstallm«nts. at
7fifl Market St.. second floor.
SIMPLEX piano players, former price $250,
for $125, cash or Installments, at 769 Mar-
ket st, second floor.
WHEN ycu want to rent a piano, call up or
rail on Scoft-Curtaz Piano Co.. ¦ 560-62-84
Hayes 5t.; tel. Fell 5761.
WANTED — Thr^o good square pianos. BYRON
MAUZY, 30S Post St.
$80 — UPRIGHT grand, pearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 218 McAllister st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary at.
SOHMER. Byron Mauiy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Pest st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ ft CO.. 16 McAllister st
3. PEDAL Etelnway up; Chickerlng baby grand;
Ehonlnner. little uned. Keeffe'r. 2S5 O'Farrell.
MATT— ESSES AMD PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 216.
MTH_B AJTD MIMINO.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crcssley bldg.
OrriOES AHD STOB-S TO _ET.^
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bldg.. SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto; light and
sunny. Q. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgy.
$30— STORE to rent: 22x85; 2 large show wln-
dows. 1019 Mission, near 16th: water free;
basement.
FOR rent— Section of large loftr light and airy
L. MINK. 109 New Montgomery st., 7th floor
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS, g
DR~C. C. O'DONNELL^— Office and residence.
1021% Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar, attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary gt.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
PATE-TTB.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
BE A- -3TAT-— CTTY — TOS SA3U3
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Climate, location and low prices tell.
Our lots fronting (V«an Boulevard selling
rapidly.
Nothing like them ever Offered In thi.« city.
A great future awaits the Ooeanslde district.
$45O to Z0O0 — Graded lots fronting boulpvapl.
ocean and park; unobstructed view; easy terma.
$100 to $350 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceanslde" branch office cor. H st. and 47t_
ave.
Open dally and Sunday.
$300 to $100^ — Choic-st Sunset and Richmond
lota on Installments.
$100 to $400 — Level Excelsior Homentead and
Ocean View lots; near car*; $o monthly.
$125O to $3.">00 — Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond and Oceanslde ami Mission;
easy terms.
SOL GETZ & SON. owners and dealers.
Room 54. fourth floor Chronicle bldg.
ONLY A FEW' LEFT.
tl 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; on street
grade; clo!<e to fine school; not far from th»
Mlssion-st. electric cars; secure one as an
Investment and by the time it Is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the past year; buy
i now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st, r. S. Phone Main 5704.
$3800— CORNER. 100x100. with cottage. 7 r.
and b. ; st. graded and sewered: No. 290
Rlchland ave.. $C500. 3 new flats. 5 r. and b.
each; Wsst ave.. off Mission: pay 15 per cent
on Investment D. Coffin, 2528 Mission. nr.2l.
•$2<W0 — Cottage 5 rooms; on 29th st.
$700 cash— 2 new flats; ISth st; ready to
plaster. Apply 3297 Mission st.
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$2100— MODERN cottage for sal*. 830 Alvara-
do st. between Hoffman ave. and Douglass.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL*
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard *t.
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 45 minutes from Sth and Market
su i. ; outside the fog belt and Just beyond]
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff
will loin the rr»In line: second subdivision
now being offered: 50- foot lots from $400 up:
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 dow_
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipe* la
front of every lot: pure artesian well watar;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sol-i
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot In this destrabl* section on
easy terms; take the electric cars aad get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBT. RODOEIS3 A CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
FARM FOB MSTOB TOB SA-B.
TO rent — The Rowland farm. 45O acres good
land, well watered and fenced; also 40 head
of cows: will sell or rent; everything re-
quired to run a dairy farm. Apply in person
to R. E. ROWLAND. Oiinda Park, back of
Berkeley.
C— ICK-IT B AJTC— -3.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope: sis*
to suit; easy terms; plenty water: fine fruit;
call for details: so and see Sunday. Owner.
713 Mills building.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
___— TALLET _I1A_ gflT^TB.
j300— biq lots, a stone's throw from the> sta-
tion, on graded streets: water mains laid
on all streets; thousands of dollars hav<*
been spent on improvements: the best and
cheapest lots in the State for the money:
only $30 cash, balance $10 monthly; an Ideal
place for a home; send for maps. LYO.V
& HOAQ. 116 Montgomery St.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'XTS
BE— X — — ET B_A— — STAT—,
FORCE of circumstances cause for selling cor-
ner lot with 2-story building, store add 4
living-rooms downstairs and 5 rooms and
bath uD*talrs: lot eOxllO; street work don«
on one side: price $2250; mortgage for $1400;
look at this and make offer; this property is
In good location and only 2 blocks to sta-
tion; 1 block to electric cars. O. A. RU-
DOLPH: open Sundays; Lorin Station. South
Berkeley.
NEW 2-story house, bath, pantry, folding
doors, gas fixtures and electric lights; a!ao
gas stove, connected: refrigerator built in
house; writing desk built In library: larga
rooms, extra fine mantel and everything first
class: lot 46x100: street work done; cement
coping and sidewalk; Just think, only $:;."•< *>;
terms $«OO cash, balance same aa rent: cl">w»
to Key Route station. O. A. RUDOLPH.
open Sundays. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
SNAP— Almost new; five-room cottage, bath.
pantry, brick foundation, wash-house, chick-
en-house and rabbit-house; nice garden; lot
30x125; 2 block* to Southern Pacific station
and electric cars; also factories: price $1250;
house alone cost $1GOO; terms S2C0 cash, bal-
ance $16 monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, opea
Sundays. Lorin station. South Berkeley.
$70O—A GOOD corner lot, 45x135: 1 block from
Telegraph ave.
$750 — Lot 35x128. on Telegraph ave.
$1000 — Lot 4b.tl.TS. on Telegraph ave.
$1300 — Fine corner. 46x123; on car line: cto**
to station; all on easy terms.
LITTLE — WOOLSET. 2110 Shattuck ave..
BERKELEY. Cal.
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STS
rBTJTTVA— — HEAL -8TAT-.
I HAVE a nice lot. good central location: I
am Just starting a modern 5-room cottage,
high basement, etc. If you have $15O you
can own thH place. Come and see me.
M C. GIBSON (office open all day Sunday).
No. 1320 Frultvale ave.. next to 14th st.
OAKLA-nD ADVERry-TTrt
OFFICE, 1018 BROADWAY.
QA_— A-P —SAX. ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED _ BANCROFT (Inc.).
lOtiO BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$55CO — We can't tell you about this exception-
ally fine property: you must see It: locate!
on El Dorado st : has 4 bedrooms, parlor,
library, dining-room and kitchen: lot C">x
J25.
$10CO cash, balance mm aa rent; the coziest
little house built this year now ready;
' reception hall, parlor, dlnlng-rocm. nlc«
sideboard and mantel, library den with
seats, bookcases, etc.; tinting effects that
are pleasing; kitchen, pantry, etc.; 3 flm
bedrooms. S closets, bathroom with up-to-
date fixtures; lot 37 fe«t front; fencing,
walks and lawn complete; easy walk to>
crosstown Key Route trains: 35 minutes
to 8an Francisco: In Linda Vista district;
see It; keys at office.
$2600— Furnished cottage on Chestnut st: S
rooms and bath; house only one year old:
party leaving city; must sell; half cash,
balance terms.
, 1408
HSOO— Mortgage of $750 can remain; 6-room
house, on lot 33x150 feet; located In North
Oakland, just cast of Broadway.
BUILDINO LOT.
S600 Bargain: within 2 minutes' walk of Key
Route: lot 35x106: on sunny slda of street;
buy the lot; we will arrange for the hone..
(See other papers for different ads.)
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT (Ina.),
10CO BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
FOR tale— Two new up-to-date bungalow 8-
room houses: large lot with barn: very
cheap. Inquire on premises, 683 Thirtieth
st.. fTn 1055 Broadway. Oakland.
QAK—ABTP rH—CTIS—X D HOTJSES.
«65_ONE of th« most elegantly furnished
homes in Oakland; S rooms; 2 story; best
part of city; parties going East FAT A
SOjtf. OftS Broadway. Oakland.
OAX-Ain) TTj_srrrTTRis^yoKjsA__.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains m f__r
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th St.. cor.store,0»klaa4,
Continued on Pa«e Twelve. ; _
THE LATEST TAD, TO WANT ADVERTISERS— F_^,_ESH3Cnotinued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — A powder magazine
at the fort on Cochons Island has exploded,
says a Herald dispatch from Polnte-a-Pitr*.
Guadeloupe. One man was killed. Fortunately
a chamber containing 30*0 15-pound shells did
not explode.
. SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 67U — Makaweli C. — 29
Honokaa S C 15 15U Onomea S C. 28 30
Hutch S P C 9% 10 Paauhau S C. 15W 16
Kilauea S C. — 4%
* MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 127'4| Oceanic S Co. 2«i —
Cal F C A. 99^100 | Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 82 — Pac C Borx.156 157%
MV& MtTm. — 105 I Pac S Tel Co.ll4?ill5
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
217 Anglo-Californlan Bank 84 00
- 50 California Wine Association... 82 50
100 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 67 00
125 Makaweli *>9 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 3 00
$3,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s.. 81 23
$3,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00 I
Street— • »
$2,000 Oakland Transit Con 5s. b - 2*....lp2 50
$5,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped) .. 110 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Central Light & Power 3 50
i5£ S RW » lla n Coral & Sugar 67 25
.100 Honokaa S Co 15 12U
25 Hutchinson S P Co •••••• i~n
SOO Paauhau S P Co... 15 3714
40 Paauhau S P Co ;."""* 15 00
25 Pac Statps Tel & Tel Co, b 6.115 00
52 £*£ States Tel & Tel Co...... 115 CO
.. J& S F Gas & Electric 61 50
$1,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent 117 •»•«
W.OOO Spring Valley 6 per cent. .Y.'.'.KH 50
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 6 per cent.. 105 00
Street —
50 Oceanic S S Co *. 3 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| B i,i «_ k
B L Wat Bs.113 llStf! S P C R 4s lOUilO*
Cal NW 5s.. 110 — s p c»4Uionw
MCWat6s.lOO - Sun tVi 6 r S k -
Ris I Wks 5s - 1C5 Stittr-st RS* 104 Z
sr E np 5.:ni = UR of SF . 4s: 83 * ~
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.. . — 28% Lon & SF Bk. — 60
AmerBlsCo—- 90 Mat Nav Co. 60 _
5; a ! 1^ 1 " 9 52 ~ Nev Nat Bk -W3 —
Cal G&ECor. 45 — N S R R Co 9Vi —
C Jockey Cl.112% - N Cal P Co - 1*
Cal Powd«r..l30 145 Oak Bk Sav 120 —
Cal £ h T lp ., C . 0 .' ~~ - 20 Oak T Con..' 75 —
C .£ n . Bk '~ Oak TZt 65 Orpneum Co.. — ibu
Chutes Co .. B% — r acC cas Co.125 —
City & C Bk — 120 Vac Sur Co. 105 _
Cyp L Imp.. — 6% p a raf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 s F Drydock — 65
DpntPwd pfd — 87^ SF&SJ Coal.. 17^ 20
w ?°o, COI JLr,52 37^ s J Wat Co.10.i8 —
??" B ' SSt*- 1 ™ — SO & MTgbt.125 _
Fischer Thtr 05c 35c Swiss-A Bk.,115 —
Frnch-A Bk.lOS _ Truck Elect.. 11W 12U
Gas Con A. . 16% 20 UR InC pfd. C6U —
Hono P Co.. — 27 Do com ... 12$ —
Do pool .. — 27
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 50
Afterlpon Session.
Board — *
$11,000 United R^R of S F 4 per cent. ,83 50
& 5 '°J!2 S F Gas & Electric 4^9 101 00
$1,000 United R R of S F, 4 per cent. 83 50
California Oil and Stock Exchange.
Oil Stock— Bid. • - Asked.
Alma 50
Apollo .... 40 ¦
Caribou Ann
.;;...;: ;;:; 4 °°.
Home . t 20
Imperial.... 18 00
Independence 27
Kern (old) ...;.. ..'.... 4 50 ':'.'.'.'
Kern River ¦ .... 12 00
Monarch (of Arizona) 20 .... ¦
Monte Cristo ... ....::...... 64 65
Occidental of W VaT 02 04
Oil City Petroleum*......... 54 55
Peerless 12 00 .
Sovereign > 33 ' ....
Superior .....¦...'.:..... '02
Thirty-three. 8 25
Twenty-eight .... 10 00
Miscellaneous —
Northern Cal Power 8 50 ....
Truckee Electric 11 50 12 00
SALES.
Morninr Session.
200 Home . . : 1 15
400 Monte Cristo .....:... 61
100 Sovereign ' 32
¦ Afternoon Session.
500 Oil City Petroleum... '.... 55
Mining Stocks.
SAN, FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the San - Fran-
street. 75 S of Fifteenth. S 35 by E 85; $10.
Mary E. Smith to Charles P. Kertell. lot on
E line of Julian avenue, 05 N of Sixteenth
street. N 30 by E 84; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam Ede Company, lot on W line of Mission
street. 139 N of Nineteenth, N 60 by W 80;
Julian and Isabella R. Sonntag to Albert H.
Leaf, lot on W line of Landers street. 160 N
of Fifteenth. N 25 by W 125; $10.
. Moses. and Bertha Fisher to Annie Madigan
lot on E line of Noe street. 200 S of Fifteenth
S 25. E 91:10%, NE 38:0. W to beginning; $10*
John , Kerrigan to Margaret C. Ryan, lot on
SW corner of Twenty-first and Noe streets. S
23 by;W 80; $10. - T"'.-
. Jonathan and Anna M. Anderson to Frank
L. Houpt. lot on E line of Castro street. 26'S
of Twenty- first. S 25 by E 105; $10.
Same to Algernon A. Hatch, lot on E line
of Castro istreet, 51 S of Twenty-first, S 25 by
Joseph Dlxon to Samuel McAdam, lot on
NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Noe streets. N
114. E 80. S 26. W 50:6. S 88. W 29:6; $10.
• Mary F. and Roswell K. Colcord to Emma
"William C. and Huldah Hildebrandt to Zick
Abrams. lot on S line of Pine street, 125 W of
Devisadero, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Robert D. and Jennie Cranston to Thomas F.
Parkinson, lot on N line of Waller street. 96
E of Ashbury. E 29 by N 1C0; $10.
Thomas 'M. Matthews, Sarah M. Handy and
Katherine M. McClellan to P, J. Haver, lot on
SE corner of Cole and Grove streets, E 100 bv
S 127:5; $10. *
- City and County of San Francisco to
Brlzhtie B." Low, lot on S line of Jackson
street. 117:9 W of Maple, W 29:6 by S
Delia E. Keeks to Anna C. Galbraith, lot on
S line of Thirteenth street, 185:3»i W of Fol
som. W 33. S 80, E 24. N 79; $10.
Clara C. Emma A. and Elizabeth D. Zlon
to Andreas Zlhn, lot on E line of Howard
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 11.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco
(owners) with Vermont Marble Company (con
tractors), architect Clinton Day — Marble wain
scotlns and flooring and stair treads for ad
dition to present- building on lot on E line of
Montgomery street. 62:« N of Post. N », E
87:6, S 25, W 25, S 25. W 62:8; $20,275.
Same owners with the A. Merle Company
(contractors), architect same— Iron and stair
•work, work around elevators, wrought iron
work, etc.. for same on same: $17,870.
Same owners with ' Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — Three passenger
elevators for same on same; $17,000.
Frederick Ewald to Jessie Ewald. lot on E
line of Eleventh avenue, 192.23 S of P street,
S 32.77, E 240. N 14.37. NW 240.70; $10.
Jullua C. Reis to Charles Q. Watson, lot 34.
block 3. Reis Tract; grant.
John H. and Ellen G. Grady to Rick de Ber
nardl. lot 81. Spring Valley Homestead; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Ellen
Lawrence, lot in cemetery; $135.
Builders' Contracts.
Isaac and Helene Liebes to Albert Meyer lot
on E line of Forty-fifth avenue. 123 S of C
street, S 175. E 120. N 115. W 30:5. NE to
point 125 S of C street, W 110; $10.
F. B. and Belle N. Southworth to Theodore
TV. Lenzen, lot on S line^ of I street. 82:6 E of
Eighteenth avenue. E 5 by S 100; $10.
Theodore W. and Kate A. Lenzen to F. B.
Southworth. lot on S line of I street. 107:8 E
of Eighteenth avenue. E 5 by S 100; $10.
Bridget Bird to Mary F. McManus. lot on
S line of I street. .12 :« W of Thirty-third ave
nue. W 25 by S 100; also lot on W line of Sev
enth avenue, 225 N.of Lake street. N 60 by W
114; $1.
Frank and Augusta Holm to Hugo and He
lene Hewelcke. lot on E line of Twelfth ave
nue. 175 S of Point Lobos. S 25 by E 120- $10
Bay District Land Company to Catherine F
Hill (wife of Thomas L.), lot on E line of
Fourth avenue. 160 N of C street, N 25 by E
120; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Hl
bernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on N line
of Point Lcbos avenue, 57:6 E of Fifth. E 30 by
N 100; $ . , *
City and County of San Francisco to Edward
W. Kearn. lot on W line of Potrero street
12» SiOt Nineteenth. S'25 by W 100. S 12-6
AV 100, N 25, E 100. N 12:6. E 100; $ . ' '
John Wikman to Sophia Hoffmann, Jot on W
line of Fourth avenue, 175 S of Lake street. S
25 by W 120; $10. B
Joseph Delucchi, Lorenzo and Angela Gotelll
to Rozl Costa (wife of Ludivico P.), lot on N
line of Vallejo street, 85 W of Mason. W 26*3
by N 102:6; gift.
Evelyn A. and Frank P. Weymouth Jr. to
Mary J. and Charlotte L. Godkin. lot on S line
of Vallejo street. 156 E of Stockton, S 61:6. W
1.8:6, S 19, E 70, N 19. W 33. N 61:6, W 18:6;
$10.
Maria and Antonio Delucchi to Guiseppe Fl
gone. lot on N line of Vallejo street. 111:3 w
of Mason. W 25:7 by N 102:6 $10.
L- Callahan (wife of Joseph T.). lot on B line
of Guerrero street, 114:6 N of Twenty-fourth.
N 23 by E 100; |10.
Louis C. and Lizzie G. Schroeder to Cecelia
A. Younr. lot on W line of Valencia, street.
238:4 S of Twenty-fourth. S 21:8 by W 90;
$100. %
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning' Session.
300 Andes 281 300 Con Cal & V..1 80
500 Andes '-5' 1C0 Crown Point.. 15
100 Best & Belch.l 25 100 Hale & Norc. 64
100 Caledonia .... 49 600 Mexican 135
100 Caledonia .... 4S 100 Ophir 2 50
100 Caledonia .... 46 1000 Potosl ..'. 18
100 Caledonia .... 45 100 Savage 35
200 Caledonia .... 43 300 Sierra Nev.... 38
100 Chollar 22 500 Union Con.... 49
100 Con Cal & V.I 90 200 Union Con 43
400 Con Cal & V.I 85 200 Yellow Jacket. 24
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 27| 100 Ophir 2 55
800 Andes 26 200 Ophir 2 80
100 Caledonia .... 42 200 Overman 17
500 Con Cal & V.I S3 300 Sierra Nev.... 38
110O Con Cal & V.I 80 300 Silver Hill.... B7
100 Gould & Cur. 23 300 Union Con.... 47
600 Mexican . 1 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Oct. 11—5 p. ra.
Bld.Ask. t BId.Ask.
Ophir 2 45 2 50 Exchequer ... 64 67
Mexican 1 25 1 30 Seg Belcher... 11 12
Gould & Cur. 23 251 Overman 17 IS
Best & Belch.l 20 1 25| Justice 08 09
Con Cal & V.I 75 1 SO Union Con 46 43
Savage 3fi 371 Alta 06 OS
Chollar ...... 23 2iJulla 08 10
Potosi 17 18!Caledonla 40 42
Hale & Norc. 62 64! Silver Hill.... 64 66
Crown Point.. 14 151 Challenge .... 23 ?4
Yellow Jacket 23 2U Occidental .... 75 SO
Con Imperial. 01 C2| Lady#Wash . . — 05
Kentuck ..... 05 00: Andes 26 27
Alpha 17 181 Scorpion CS 09
Confidence ... 95 1 10 Con NY 05 07
Sierra Nev.... 37 30 E. Sierra Nev — 06
Utah 11 12 Syndicate 03 05
Bullion 24 25|
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following: were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 C. Eureka.. 1 37m 100 Mont Ton ...1 95
r>00 GoMfleld B Bl Oil | 1000 Red Top 16
10,000 Glrlflld Mhk 161 2500 Ton Gold Mt. 16
550 Jumbo 74| 200 Ton Midway.. 47
200 Jumbo 751 1100 Ton Midway.. 48
1500 MacNvnara . 501 100 Ton of Nev.. 8 00
100 Mont Ton..l 07 %|
Afternoon Session.
1000 Black Ants.. 10 500 Paymaster ... 03
1000 Goldfleld Mhk 17 100 Rescue u
SOO Jumbo 74 200 Ton Gold Mt. 16
100 MacNamara . 36 1000 Ton Midway.. 47
100 Mont Ton..l 97^
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BId.Ask. • Bld.Ask.
Adams 09 11 Jumbo 73 74
Black Ants .. 10 11 Jumbo Ex.... 15
Black Butte.. lf» . 22 Little Ton ..25
Blue Bull ... 22 — Lucky Tom.. 15
Booth M Co.. 10 — MacNamara .. 35 37
Colehan — 05 Mont Ton ...1 95 2 00
Columbia .... 25 —NY Ton .... — 05
Diamondfleld. 43 — Paymaster ... 03
Esperanza ... M 02 Pine Grove ..11
Eula Con 04 — Ray Exten ... 08
Gold Anchor. 20 28 Ray & O'Brien 06 09
Goldfleld B J31 09 — Ray Ton .... 14
Goldfleld B&B 14 — Bed Top ...... 15 Jr
Ooldfleld Mln 68 a 70 Rescue 1ft is
Goldfleld Mhk 16 19 Sandstorm ... 27
Goldfleld SPk — IS Ton Belmont.. 62 -1
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — I Ton Exten . . 1 70
Gold Mt Con. — 021 Ton Oold'Mt. — ir
Han M M&S — 10 Ton Midway.. 48 * 50
Han Mut Co. 10 — Ton of Nev.8 12U 8 2.";
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 Ton N Star... 16 "3
Jim Butler . . 45 — .
Tax Collector Smith stated yester
day that his office is now prepared to
receive the second installment of taxes
for 1904, which , is now due. Tha
bills have all been made out and tax
payers will experience not the slight
est delay in paying them.
Acting on the requisition of the Tax
Collector the Civil Service Commis
sioners yesterday certified the names
of ten clerks from the eligible list for
service in the tax office. The regular
force had to be increased temporarily
to accommodate the many taxpayers
who desire to cancel their obligations
to the city.
Will Begin To-Day the Collection of
Second Installments for
the Year 1904.
TAX COLLECTOR SMITH
IS READY FOR BUSINESS
The board also voted to request H.
D. Loveland, who has been delegated
to represent the board at the Trans-
Mississippi Congress, to urge upon the
congress action favorable to the insti
tution of a national department of
mines and mining. A. P. Hill of San
Jose, on moticra of Manager Arthur R.
Briggs, was made an honorary member
of the board on account of the interest
he has manifested In the board's work.
A request from the national conference
at Mohonk Lake for the appointment
of a committee on international arbi
tration was not approved. Manager
Briggs reported that between Septem
ber 13 and October 10, 1473 persons were
registered as visitors at the exhibition
hall of the board in the Ferry build
ing and that of thia number 551 were
from the United States outside of Cali
fornia and 91 from foreign countries.
The California State Board of Tnda
voted yesterday to request the Sere
tary of Agriculture of the Unted
States to appoint a special comala
sloner to ascertain and report regard
ing all agricultural products that :an
be raised in this State. The possi ili
ties in such a proposition are large
W. H. Mills had been urging thattha
Pacific Coast deserved to have a ju
reau of agriculture, a branch of h«
national department, but conductedon
independent lines because the agTial
tural conditions on the Pacific Cast
are different from those of any ot'er
portion of the United States. Incide.t
ally he remarked that the present fet
of California products does not hit
represent the possible varieties bf
growths. He did not think that 'a
branch department of agriculture ccnid
be secured, but a special commlsslonr
to inquire and report could benefit t.o
State largely. The outside world ail
the people of California also woui
learn much of advantage to this Statx.
Mr. Mills asserted that Luther Bui.
bank, the California wizard of agricut
ture and horticulture, has done mon
for agriculture, in the matter of dl^
coveries in fruits, vegetables and too
age plants, than any other person. Hi.
alone, without pay, has performed i
great work. The board adopted Ma
Mills' view of the matter and an eff or
will be made at once to enlist the De ;
partment of Agriculture In the worS
of scientifically and practically deter-!
mining the agricultural possibilities ol
California to their fullest extent.
It took Attorney Roscoe S. Gray part
of the morning and all of the afternoon
to read the questions and answers and
the voluminous correspondence which
passed between Craig and Dowie dur
ing the latter*s missionary travels on
the coast and after he went to Chicago.
Dowie declares that Craig never made
a personal demand on him for pay
ment of the money and never suggested
that he owed him a cent. He quoted
one of Craig's letters stating that he
had written off the expense of the
opera-house mission and although he
had lost the money he considered it a
valuable experience and it had taught
him a lesson.
The divine healer savs that when
Craig sent him the Cadman note (for
half of the opera-house expense) he
told Dowie not to worry about it; "it
being clear," said Elijah, "that he
wanted to relieve my mind of the re
sponsibility for the note." "When Craig,
in a letter to Dowie's attorney Packard,
suggested that it would be a graceful
thing for him to pay the debt, Dowie
said it was dishonorable, because Craig
had said the debt had been "written
off." In the letter to Packard- Craig
had suggested that the gifts received
by Dowie at the mission had not been
turned into the receipts. Dowie char
acterized this as a fabrication and the
apostle of Zlon also declared that he
never told Craig that he expected re
mittances from Australia from which
he could pay the obligation. In the
same letter Craig said that Dowie had
made no return for the favors shown
him here. Dowie said this was an im
pertinence, as he was the means of
bringing much blessing of God upon
the Craig family. In response to a
question as to whether or not he con
sidered that he owed Mr. Craig any
•thing, Elijah responded "Not one cent."
The prophet called attention to the
fact that Mr. Craig's daughter had vis
ited him for a week in Chicago; that
he had dined her father and placed his
horses and carriage at their disposal
when Mr. Craig passed through in 1898.
Their relations at the time, ten years
after the date of the mission, were, he
said, very friendly.
A curious mixture of finance, re
ligion, scriptural quotations and re
criminations was displayed in the
deposition of John Alexander Dowie,
which was read yesterday in Judge
Murasky's court In the trial of the suit
of Hugh Craig to recover $1762 from
"Elijah II."
State Board of Trade A;ks
Secretary of Agriculture
to Appoint Commissioier
Dowie Declares Capitalist
Never Asked Him to Pay
Losses of Local Mission
BLESSINGS FOE FAVOKS
VERY IMPORTANT 2ICYE
In Deposition, Zion's Seer
Says He Does Not Owe
One Cent to Hugh Craig
Entire Possibilities [That
California Has in Soils
to Be Subject of Inquiry
ELIJAH'S DEBT
IS REPUDIATED
PLANS A GREAT
INVESTIGATION
E. McHenry Train of Michigan,
brother of George Francis Train of
this city and son of the late "Citizen"
Train of New York, arrived here yes
terday and is registered at the St.
Francis. Train Is accompanied by his
wife, son and daughter, E. Swift and
Mary W. Train. In a recent visit to
California the Trains became infatuat
ed with the Golden State and hurry
ing home they packed their belongings
and have returned to make their fu
ture home here.
Charles S. Fee, passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific, and
his secretary, George Gardner, and S.
F. Booth, general passenger agent of
the Union JPaciflc, leave Sundav for
St. Louis, where they will attend a
meeting of the Transcontinental Pas
senger Association, which convenes
there October 25 for the purpose of
discussing rates for future conven
tions and trans- Atlantic and trans-Pa
ciflc-business by way of the transcon
tinental lines.
A. J. Drexel, son of the late famous
banker of Philadelphia, and Lord
Herbert Vane-Tempest of London,
who have been making a hurried
sightseeing tour of the West, arrived
here yesterday in a private car. They
spent the afternoon on Mount Tamal
pais and to-day thev will visit Golden
Gate Park and othe,r points of Interest
around the city. Friday they will
leave for Portland.
General Manager Markham of the
Southern Pacific Company, who re
turned from the East only ten days
ago, departed again for Chicago yes
terday in respor-"» to a telegram from
Julius Kruttschnitt. director of op
erations and maintenance of the Har
riman lines.
John W. Brock, a capitalist of Phil
adelphia and president of the Tonopah
Mining Company and the new railroad
operating between Rhodes Marsh and
the mining camp, arrived at the Palace
last night. He was accompanied by
Frank A. Keith, superintendent of his
Nevada mining properties.
John Manning, District Attorney of
Portland, is at the Grand on his way
home from a visit to the St. Louis Ex
position. He returns to the north to
take a hand in the fight now in prog
ress In Portland to suppress gambling,
which has stirred up a fierce war
among the political factions of Ore
gon's metropolis.
Major Hutchinson, the veteran tour
ist agent, than whom few men have
traveled more extensively over the
world, is registered at the Palace.
Hutchinson, accompanied by a party
of tourists, Is on his twenty-first trip
around the world, which, when com
pleted, will swell his total mileage of
travel since he has been in the tourist
agent business to within a few flguVes
of 425.000 miles.
A. Priestly, a member of the British
Parliament and a delegate to the
Peace Congress in St. Louis, arrived
here 1 last evening and is staying at the
Palace. 'He has been visiting Mexico
and is now bound for Japan, from
where he will start on a trip around
the world.
A. C. Markley. U. S. A.. Is registered
at the Palace.
Dr. H. S. Orme of Los Angeles Is at
the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. A. H. Sweeney of San
g-er are at the Palace.
Len D. Owens of Aetna Springs Is
staying at the Palace.
John E. Budd, an attorney of Stock
ton. Is a guest at the Lick.
John Nlcol. a traveler from Natal,
South Africa, Is at the Palace.
Dr. A. N. Beach, surgeon of the
steamship Mongolia, Is at the Occi
dental.
V. S. McClatchy, publisher of the
Sacramento Bee, is among the latest
arrivals at the California.
Benjamin Blossom, a wealthy resi
dent of New York, and his family are
among the latest arrivals at the St.
Francis.
Louis Pierce, a capitalist of Suisun,
and wife are at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. J. D. Grisslm of San
Jose are at the St. Francis.
H. Z. Osborne, former United States
Marshal for Southern California, who
is now enjoying the revenue of one of
the richest mines In Trinity County,
is a g-tiest at the Palace.
A dispatch was received at the St.
Francis Hotel yesterday stating that
George Crocker would arrive In San
Francisco from the East on November
15, with the expectation of remaining
here a month.
George Kislingbury, a well-known
mining expert of Los Angeles, who
was formerly conected with the De
La Mar mines, returned yesterday
from a business trip to Salt Lake City
and is registered at the Grand.
His royal Highness Prince Assiz :
Hassen of India, who is now in Eu
rope on his way to the St. Louis Expo
sition, is due in San Francisco on No
vember 15, when he will sail for the
Orient on the steamship Manchuria.
PERSOXAJJ. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
12
OCEAN TRAVEL.
r*"\ Steamers leave Broadway
~^Q«V wharves (Dlers • and 11).
/%pi_ San Francisco:
/ft/ TX9 «»» \»*\ For Kctchlkan. WranxeU
I I \Vt2 I I J uneau - Treadwells. Haines,
1 \ \rau3 / / Skaguay, etc., Alaska — 11
\A \r^jW a - m - October 12. 17. 22. 27.
VSO* Nov. 1. Change to this com-
v^AjafclVTV/ tally's steamera at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett.
Anacortes. South BelltaKham. Belllnghajn — It
a. m.. Oct. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nov. 1. Chang* ae
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:39
p m October 13. 19. 25. 31. Nov. 6. Corona.
1-30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 16. 22. 2S. Nor. a.
Fr-r Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles an4
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Bast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey, Pan Simeon. Cayueos-. Port Hartord (3a»
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. October 14. 22. 30. Nor. T,
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. October 10. 18. 26. Nov. 3.
For Enscnada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del .
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hntel). 10 Market at.and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Ofilce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Tbe PaciHc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter at., win
call for and check baggage from hotels) and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
TQYO KISEN KAISHA \
fORIEICTAI* STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave Paciflo Mall wharf, cor*
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., fo»
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO callln, at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai aa4
conn-cting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India etc. No cargo received on board oa da*
I* America martt
°- Wednesday. October 19. 1904
Vik* "Honolulu — Roune-trlp tickets at rednee<>
rates For freight and passage apply at Com-
„„¦••'. offlcc. 421 Market street, corner First.
* W. H. A VERY. General Agent.
oceanics.s.c©.s«£S
SS MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 ».m.
S* S* VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday. Oct. 20. 2 p. ra.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 29.11 a.m.
I D.SFHICIELS& BEOS. Cd, A2ts.,MBt 031C2513 Iir-
i'd frEtem crncg 323 Maast si, Piar 7, Pacifr n
COXFAQSIZ eSXZSaI.S TKA5SATLAHTI37S.
DIRECT LTXB TO HAVREPAK3
Sailing every Thursday Instead of vAjtyl)
Saturday. »t 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ->-ar*?:*"
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. §70 and upward. See-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI St CO.. Pacifle Coast
Agents & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta,
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMEB llT CORCORAN
Leaves S. F.. Clay st.. N end of Ferry bid*,
daily 9:30 a. m., 3 and *S p. m. Sundays.
»:30 a. m.; 8 p. ra.. leave Vallejo daily 9:50
a. m., 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays ft p. m,
Fare 25c. P. A. G. Co. Phone Mats «4L
•Saturdays escepted^
For IT. S. Navy Yard, «ad Vallejo.
Sirs. General Friable, Monticello and Arrow.
0:45a.m.. 12:30p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. ttp.m.. 3:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 0:45 a. to..
12:30p.m.. ttp.m., it :30pm. Leave Vallejo, 1
a.m., 9 a.m., 12:^0 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 3 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 pm.. 6 p.m. Pter X
tu Mission St.; phone Main 1308. HATCH BROd
STOP DRnfgllTO.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c; tablet form
mailed in DlaLn package: has cured vhou-
fands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward blrtg.. 8. F.
__TYPEWBITEB,S_AirB_ SUPP1IES;
AN except.onally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 f>0. The
Typewriter Exchange. 53C California st.
2U-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 503 Market.
jBjroCTEBjyQJiLOT^STAMMraigO;^
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 6 p. m.
31A1UUAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
/esterday:
Paul K. Jackson. 21. city, and Mary O.
Do^ettt. 21. city.
William Rupe, 26. Kelseyvllle. and Sarah
Laguna. 23, Pleyto.
Angelo F. Borla, 29, St. Helena, and Lena
Fossettl 23. South San Francisco.
Myron A. Peteroon. 44. Sierravllle, and May
L. Day, 40. city.
Thomas H. Mayman, 120 Eleventh street,
and Mae Kay, 24, 1136 Al*>ama street.
Fred J. Stubbs, 2U Des Moines. Iowa, and
Lillian Baile. 28. Kerby. Or.
John J. Hauaer, 27. 228- McAllister itreet,
and Mary A. Pape, 25. Vallejo.
Frank Schmltt, 30 city and Anna Pettlnger,
24 8C2 Fourteenth street.
Walter A. Green 34. 1521 Sutter street, and
Blanche D. Goldman. 24, 2100 Van Ness ave.
George Q. Chase, 25. Oakland, and Mabel
Donaldson. 23. 2828 Washington street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the annpuncement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
HESS— In this city, to the wife of W. T. Hess.
a eon.
PELS— In this city, October 10, 1904. to tb«
wife of Siegfried Pels (nee Levy), a son.
WARREN— In this city October 8. 1904. to
the wife of Arthur Warren, a daughter.
MARRIED.
AARES — SKY — In this city. October 9. 1904.
by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Nils S. Aares
and Skjulda Sky.
DESENBERG — COHN— In this city, by the
Rev. Dr. B. M. Kaplan, Ludwig Desenberg
and Ida Cohn. both of San Francisco.
GUSTAFSON— JOHANSON— In this city. Octo-
ber S, 1004 by the Rev. Dr. B. Nelander,
pastor of the First English Lutheran Church.
Johan August Gustafson and Augusta Jo-
hanson, both of this city.
KAHRS — OLSEN — In Golden Gate, October 10,
1S)W, by the Rev. O. Groensberg. John Henry
Kahrs of San Francisco and Jennie M. Olsen
of Golden Gate.
LEVY— CLAYBURG — In this city. October 8,
1904, by the Rev. Dr. B. M. Kaplan, Julius
Levy and Ruby Clayburg. both of San Fran-
cisco.
LIPMAN— ALTSCHULER— In this city. Octo-
ber 9, 1904. by the Rev. Dr. B. M. Kaplan,
Max Lipman and Anette Altschuler, both of
San Francisco.
ROY— PFEFFER— In this city, October 8,
1904, by the Rev. Dr. B. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church.
George Joseph Roy and Minna Ida Pfefler,
both of this city.
SWENSOX— PETERSON— In this city. Sep-
tember 17, 1904. by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Carl A. Swenson and Ester Agda Peterson.
TWEDAL— OLSEN— In this city, October 9,
1004. by the Rev. O. Groensberg. Kristian
TweUal and Laura Olsen.
DIED.
Bahr. William A. Killilea. Beatrice
Brown, Margaret Lane. Lawrence
Burckes, Henry W. Lee, William I.
Burke, Joseph Letford, John
Cook Annie T, Murphy. Johanna
Darniody. Johanna Oden. Annette C.
Doggett Annie M. Peterson. Anna C.
Fitzgerald. Grace Powers, James J.
Fownes, Capt. Wm. Ravali, Eugene
Gallagher. Thomas Robinson. William J.
Halliday. James C. Voss. Annie
Hlnck, Lorenz Welch, Bridget B. /
Kenney. John Wilkie, Josephine B.
— — —
BAHR— In this city October 9. 1904. William
A., dearly beloved husband of Margarethe
Bahr devoted father of Adolph H., Helene
and Peter R. Bahr. and brother of Mrs.
Minna Struven, Jacob Bahr and the late
Anna Jensen and Marie Bahr. a native of
Suderstapf, Germany, aged 58 years 3 months
and 12 days. A member of California Stamm
No. 70. U. O. R. M.. and Mission Turn
Vereln.
GSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 2 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 544 Valencia street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Kindly
omit flowers.
BROWN— In this city. October 10. 1904. Mar-
garet Brown, beloved wife of the late Thomas
G. Brown, and mother of Maude T. R.
Brown, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years 1
month and 7 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 1:30 p.. m., at
her late residence. 1111 Stanyan street, near
Parnassus avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by carriage.
BURCKEay-ln this city, October 10. 1904.
Henry Vr. Burckes. beloved father of Ardele
Burckes, a native of Charlestown, Mass. -.
CT'Funeral and Interment private. Wednes-
day. October 12.
BURKE— In this city, October 10, 1904, Joseph,
beloved son of Sarah and the late John
Burke, and brother of John and Sadie Burke
and the late Philip Burke, a native of San
Francisco, aged 14 years and 6 months.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 a, m.. from his late
residence, 131 Perry street, between Third
and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's Church,
where services will be held at 11 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.'
COOK— In this city. October 9. 1904. Annie
Tootsy, dearly beloved and youngest daughter
of Charles and Annie Cook, sister of Willie,
Mamie and Charles Cook Jr.. and grand-
daughter of the late Robert and Mary Ivers
and William and Margaret Cook, a native of
Vallejo. Cal.. aged 7 years and 7 days.
(Vallejo papers please copy.)
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 a. m., from her
parents' residence, 1947 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis CHurch where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for th^e
repose of her St>ul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy CroM Cemetery.
DARMODY— In this city. October 11, 1904. Jo-
hanna, 'beloved wife of Thomas Darmody,
mother of Alice and Theresa Darmody. and
sister of Mrs. Butler, a native of County
Tlpperary. Ireland, aged 38 years.
DOGGETT — In this city October 11, 1904,
Annie M. Doggett. dearly beloved wife of
Cal. J. Doggett. and sister of Andrew Wil-
son and Charles Carsten, a native of San
Francisco, aged 22 years.
FITZGERALD— In this city. October 11. 1904,
Grace, dearly beloved daughter of James and
Mary Fitzgerald, and sister of James Ed-
ward. Gertrude, Helen. Emmett, John and
the late Lor.e.tta Fitzgerald, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 19 days.
FOWNES— At his home in Petaluma Tuesday
morning. October 11. 1904, Captain William
H. Fownes. beloved husband of Glorana H.
Fownes. and brother of Mrs. Benjamin R.
Keith, of this city.
GALLAGHER— In this city. October 11 1904.
Thomas, beloved husband of Mary H*. Gal-
lagher, and father of Len D. Frank V
William E.. R. H.. Charles V., Byron C.
Mary E.. Grace, Harrlfttte and Katherine
and the lato Thomas Eugene Gallagher a
native of County Louth, Ireland aged" 70
years. (Nevada papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 3943 Seventeenth street thence fo
the Church of the Moat Holy Redeemer,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 a, m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HALLIDAY— In this city, October 10 1904,
James C. Holliday. beloved brother of Mrs
Elizabeth M. Hester, a native of England
aged 36 years.
tE^Funeral will take place Wednesday Oc-
tober 12, at 10 a. m., from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green 1171 Mission
street. Interment private at Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HINCK — In this city. October 11, 1904 Lorenz
Hinck. beloved brother of Mrs. L. von Soos-
ten and Herman Hinck of Iowa a native of
Bederkasa. Amt. Leha, Germany, aged 64
years and 3 months. (New York Herald
please copy.)
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30 p. m.. at his
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. ¦
UNITED UNDERTAKBRS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — — —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. EoutbVl67
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth • st
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates. *
HEAL ESTATE — COPgTBY — Tor Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
' EXCHANGES.
110 per acre— 1700 acres. Sonoma County;
tnoetly rolling, fine alluvial soil: 45 seres
French prunes. 6 acres walnuts and apples:
vineyard; well fenced and cross-fer.ced: cor-
rals; Cue duelling; eoort barns: packing houae.
drying plant: 40 cattle. C horses. 30 hogs;
farm and spring wagons, harness, tools: bark
mllL cost J1500; took $7000 off place last sea-
son.
Offer wacted— Vineyard, near St. Helena;
£21 acres; 110 in best wine grapes: vine* 4 to
10 years old; 3-story Etone winery, with tun-
nel, fully equipped with cooperage for 100.000
gallons «.cc! modern machinery; piped water
tytum Iroin ctment reservoirs; S-roora house;
cummer cottsge, barns, etc.; all land tillable;
wagon, horses tools including maturing crop
ef SOO tons of grapes, worth $5000; $10,000
rash, balance on easy " terms.
13000— In Manteca alfalfa district; €0 acres
•andy loam on main irrigation canal; 05 acres
rrand etand alfalfa, produced 6 tons an acre;
6 acres fruit and grapes; brick residence, 7
rcoms; njtw barn; windmill and tank; 1 mile
of creamery and railroad Btatlon.
$2600— I miles of Santa Uo*a and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom: 25 acres: 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; Ji-room and bath cot-
tage; good tarn; windmill and tank; poultry
hou*e»; eee this and Sf you want only P*rt or
Jt will adl unimproved portion at $100 per
acre; if you want to raise ccrn that will make )
th*. Kan»as article "side step" see eovat of our
homes on the Russian River.
$£500— 17 acres in Green Valley, near S«-
bastopol. 4 -room house, barn; spring water;
•everai acres berries ; 51000 can remain.
Thirteen acres rich \-alley land near Sono-
ma City; 8 acres fine grapes, 15 years olfl.
balance peara and assorted fruit*; this sea-
ton's crop easy $700; no buildings; forced
•ale; simply make an oCer.
$1500— All level 10 acres. 2 miles of Call»-
toga; small orchard; good bouse and oarn: a
wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
1100 per acre— One mile of Modesto: 5 acre«
op; \« cash.
(SO per acre — S miles of Modesto; 20 acres
tip; 14 cash
$50 per acre— Near Lodt, on the Woodbrldjt
cacal.
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a large list of completely equipped
<*iriee in the best section of Humboldt Co.;
£0 acres up.
$2o00 — Fine summer reeort in Sonoma Co.;
c-.mce ttatlon and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling 1000-acre range; S acres bearing
orchard: hay land; good house and 4 cottages.
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; horses;
tanning implements; see this quick.
$SW>— 3 miles of Geyserviile; 2% acres; 6-
room house large barn. 2 good wells: rolling,
ell in vineyard: oak tree*: fine poultry farm.
$ 10C0 — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 10 acres
black loam: 1 mile town; $300 down; line for
rcadhouse.
$5500— Clofe to Callstoga. SO acres; 45 level
productive loam soil: well fenced and cross-
fi-nced; plenty fine water: fine prune orchard;
good house, barn and outbuildings. We have
a large list of desirable homes in this locality.
Let \it drive you around.
Jl''«)t> — North of Watson\'<IIe; 65 acres. 8 acres,
full bearing apples; 'J in grain: fine berry patch;
40 acres timber; flowing stream: 9-room house;
large barn and granary; water piped to build-
lngi. We have a choice selection of fruit and
grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
vicinity See a few.
f .'.v-o — Rich alluvial valley land, near Buena
Vista ctation; 15 acres in full bearing orchard
and vineyard; modem 7-room bouse: new cta-
ble. windmill, tsr.k house, drying plant; farm-
ing tools; horse: 750 chickens: 2 cows; fully
equipped for poultry; only 52000 down.
t'X<o buy* SO acres 1 mile of town; 15 creek
fcottrm: house, barn; orchard, vines, berries.
flCOO — 4 acies rich Russian River bottom
land; half mile of Geyserville. Sonoma Co.;
thade trees; house, barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 email orchard: and vineyards
to ofler In this fine section, where the quality
cf the soil is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown.
$2500 — At Hopland; 42 acres; 7 bearing' Tine.
yard: S hay and garden land; 2 bearing or-
chare: windmill, tack, tools; 100 laying hens;
half cash.
$1700 — Only 9 miles jf San Jose, close to sta-
tion and town: 24 acres rolling land; 10 acres
bearir.c prunes and cherries; good 5-room cot-
tap' : stable, poultry houses: 3 summer house*
for summer boarders: running water; close to
cchool. See this quick.
$4750— On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; 33 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard in
Cne condition: balance gently sloping fine hay
land: fine creek; 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable; fine Income. We
have • choice list of small hom%* in Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you around
and shew them.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We fcave Eastern buyers for flrst-clasi farm
property end poultry farms.
$15,000—74 acres, about 30 Rutilaa River
bottom land; 32 acres fine bearing vineyard;
16- room house; gas ia every room; 2 barns; |
brick storehouse; cement reservoir: large win- |
er>' and distillery; half mile of town; would I
sub-divide: fine investment. !
S2SS0 — 2V4 acres in Petaluma: all bearing;
fruit; new modem cottage. 8 rooms and bath- i
6 -foot basement; barn, horses and buggy; 9
poultry houses; brooder and brooder houses,
winCisU] and tack; water piped over place*
tools: 600 chickens; photos here
$2950 — 34 acres near WaUonviile: 200 apples"
C acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings
$1COO— Sonoma City; 4 acres rich dark loam-
all level: orchard: cozy cottage, cement cellar-
barn, windmill and task; 5 poultry houses- feed
room; 210 her.s. We handle all the choicest
property in this vicinity and will be pleased to
drive you around. \
$I2W— 10 acres in vine and frelt belt, near !
Lodi: candy loam; 5-room house and barn. ¦'
$2500— Near Santa Cruz. 60 acres rich al- '
luvial soil: 8 acres orchard, mostly apples- 10
acres grain; balance timbered pasture- 5-room
bcuse. barn.
$2000 — Near Santa Cruz. 12 acres; 2 In fruit*
bouse. 5 rooms: barn. '
6er.d stamp for the largest and most direr-
tified printed list on the coast
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
23 Montgomery et. room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
FOR SALE.
$6.V>0— 5i£ acres in the city limits of Peta-
lama: 4 acres fine orchard, all bearing- hard
finish house of 5 rooms, bath and pantry-
hot ajid cold water; high basement- fine
windmill ani tank; water piped all' over
plac?: good barn: 18 chicken-houses, brood-
ers and incubators; 10OO chickens- 1 cow 1
horse, buggy and wagon; 2 seta harne'sa- '
aJI farming tools: eandy loam; beautiful
view; no agents. Address P. O box 44«
Petaltsma, Cal. **"•
DAIRY ranch for sale; cheap; 20 acres In al
falfa on irrigation ditch: good Improremenu*
10 head cf milk cows, 40 tons of hay chick'
ens. farm machinery, etc.; 1 mile* from
ct-f^mery; a snap if taken soon. J o
BEN'TZ. Lathror., Cal. "*
POST. ;i51— Larse sunny room to let; newly
furnished; light housekeeping.
EACRAMKNTO. Iol4— Parlor floor. 5 elegantly
furnished, tunn}-. housekeeping rooms: piano.
SCOTT, SOO. NE. cor Page— Newly furnished.
SHOTWELL. 025 — Two sunny furnUlied rooms
for i!gh'. housekeeping; bath.
TEHAMA, 430, near Sixth— Three furnished
housekeeping rcoms for rent.
TEHAMA. 478. near Sixth— $12; 3 rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; no children.
UTAH. 63S. near Eighteenth— Large basement,
eunny cottage for housekeeping: newly paint-
ed: gas. sink, hot and cold water; cheap.
VAN XESS ave.. 232 — Nicely furnished 2 and 3
room suites; gas range; $16 to $20; adults.
* APABTMEWT HOUSES.
6T. LOUIS 1575 Jackson — Marine view; 3-4-i
rooms: furn. or unfur. ; refs. Tel. East 1350.
gQOMS TO IiET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c 10 $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 673 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ASH ave., S8 — Large sunny front room; gas,
bath and water; also one room; $5.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store, 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH. 1330— To let. furnished room, suitabls
for gentleman.
EDDY, 3 — Fine gore corner furnished rooms,
by day, week or month.
FIFTH, 415 — A large, newly furnished room,
suitable for 2; a new flat.
GRAXT are., 7— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single rooms. $2 to $8 week;
quiet, transient rooms, 50o to $1 per day.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 1156. near Webster-
Large, front, sunny room with grate, gas,
use of bath, $10; cne room $7.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35e
to $1 25 r.ight: $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single rooms, $2 to $S week.
HOWARD. 715 — Large tunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HYDE, 509 — Nicely furnished, large room;
clo.*»t. bath, phone; fine location.
LARKIN, S04 — Sunny front rooms, suitable for
gentlemm: $5 and $7 per month.
LARKIN, 1042— Single room; $7.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — 3unay
rooms; hot. cold water, elevator.
MASON. 514, near Sutter — Sunny rooms, suite
or single; modern; reasonable.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — JO0
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION, 2479 — Sunny front room; regular
kitchen; back porch: -wash tubs: phone; warm
belt.
O'FARRELL. 623— Nicely furnished single
rooms; sunny: }5, $7, $S.
POWELL, 216, bet O'Farrell and Geary —
Large sunny rooms, $2 per week and up.
ROYAL HOUSE.126 Ellis — Incandescent light*;
reading-room, smokisg-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT. 251 — Nice sunny suite for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen in private family; no other roomers;
references required; call eveninge.
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house; new
furnishings: fresh and clean; hot and cold
¦water; baths; everything: sanitary; elevator
service; If sunshine and cleanliness is aa
object see these rooms; $3 per week up.
SHOTWELL, 324—1 furnished or unfurnished
room; private.
STOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicely furnished sun-
ny front rooms; also single. $1 60 to $6 week.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TAYLOR. 410 — For two neat men room, with
or without board.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter — New brick bid*.,
finely furnished: hot. cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
THIRTEENTH. 111. near Valencia— Furnished
rooms: double and single.
UNITED STATES. 123 ESdy. near Market — 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
WALLER. 661— Large furnished room; large
closet; use of kitchen. Phone Page 1750.
WEBSTER, X632, near Eutter— Nicely fur-
nished, eunny front room; new flat; gentle-
man.
WASHINGTON. 928— A neatly furnished room;
cheap.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to Jl 60 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
«lec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 1008 Market st. f.pposlte
Fifth. Open until 11 p^ m.
ADVErtTISKMENTS. subscriptions received at
Cal! branch office. cor.Duncan and Church gta.
WANTED-Party with 15000 for colonization
plan; exceptional proposition to make a for
tune for a live business man; we have only
CoT'l^rk 11 . 0 ? ° a thC laDd - a F ' Cred "
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
tend postal for catalogues of the be»t land
6?s e Market fu rnl ** °- "* "WOOSTER CO..
FOREST reserve land serin bought and sold-
write for prices. H. M. HAMILTON, 912
Grand gt.. Alameda. Cal.
BEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR EXCHANGE.
In Berkeley; within walking "distance of the
university; a modern S-room house with '
Btabl*. garden, etc.: thoroughly up to date- •
value $SnoO; mortgage $3900; will exchange
equityfor something clear; no agents. Answer
box 192, Berkeley postoffice.
WANT to exchange building lots for a house
or flats. Call 792 Lyon st.
BOOMS FOB KOTTSEKEEPXxrrj.
BRYANT. 421— Two or 3 »«nny~rooin»^^ic^iT
furnished; for housekeeping.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping; rooms- also
elnsle rooms. - m •
FOURTEENTH. 700— 3 sunny, furnished con-
necting housekeeping rooms; very desirable.
GEARY. 4C2 — Nicely furnished rooms; light
housekeeping •
CEARY, 1225 — Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; funny bay window; bath; ma-
rine view; also 3-room cottage; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATH ave.. S70— Nicely furnished !
front alcore connecting: kitchen, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Nice eunny single
room for housekeeping.
JESSIE. S23 — Ltrge sunny front parlor, fur-
nlsbed housekeeping; sink, gas; $3 75 week.
JOICE, 14. near Pine and Powell — Two un- !
furnished connecting- rooms: sunny, modern I
house; quiet family; no other roomers; house-
keepinr if desired.
KEN'ILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cea loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Runny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
MAYBELLE, 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness— vSunny
furn. &. unfurn. 2 and 3 room suites; single.
MINNA. 2S1. corner Fourth— Furnished eunny j
housekeeping also front and single; cheap. >
¦¦ — _^__ 1
MISSION. 1150— A nicely fnrnfched flat of 4
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
OAK. ,117— Complete for housekeeping. $5 to
$12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407 — $Z month; newly furnished; bath;
large room and quiet; cingl; gentleman.
BOOMS AKD BOARD.
ST. GEORGE, 1616 and 1618 Washington st.
Just opened; handsome newly furnished sun-
ny suites, private baths; single rms;. every
modern convenience; good table board; reas.
GOOD heme cooking given; $12 a month. ,1832
Union st.
LARGE, sunny, nicely furnished rooms for
couples; excellent board. 936 Valencia gt.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine fur«.
eunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manas;.
HOWaRD, 841 A — Flrrt -class board and room,
clncie or double. $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
JONES, 1310 — Furnished room; excellent board;
marine view.
O'FARRELL, 1260— Nice neat furnished room,
board if desired; modern, nice, refined place.
Etevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
£07 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
SUNNY room and board by lady; $15 to $20;
Powell. Van Ness, Market, Pine. Box 2768,
Call office.
STORAGE AITO JVT ABEHOPSES,
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture^
household goods etored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy et.'
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and mcrchan-
di?e. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore «t.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
MWOiOJIACmHE^AHpSOTraiES.
DON'T think of buying a sewing machine until
you have setn the White Grand, which is
two complete machines in one, making both
the lock and automatic stitch. On exhibi-
tion at the White Co.'s new retail office 915
Market rt. T^.:,"^
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use- best
Is cheapest; second-hand ail makes at any
price: all kinds rented lowest rates. Domei-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5, $8; slightly
used $10, $15. $20; you know where the dolls
gwlng In the window. 1051 Market st.
SOCIAI.. . '
TROLLEY 'parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance to make merry; coxy dance
hall acd dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens. Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Uulrbcad building. Market aad Larkln sta.
late residence, 1SS2 Folsom street near Fif-
teenth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KENNEY— In Alameda. Cal.. October 11. 1904.
John Kenney. a native of Roscommon, Ire-
land, aged 77 years.
KILLILEA— In this citv October 9. 1904.
Beatrice, dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. E. Killilea and loving sister of Car-
rie and Willie Killilea, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late
residence. 139 Fourth avenue, Richmond dis-
trict, thence to Star of the Sea Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose" of her soul at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LANE— In this city October 9, 1904, Law-
rence, beloved husband of Julia Lane, and
devoted father of Frances. John H. and
Lawrence J. Lane a native of County Lim-
erick. Ireland, aged 52 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 9 a m., from his late resi-
dence. 1370 O'Farrell street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
ma.-s will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEE— In this city, October 10. 1904. William
I., dearly beloved son of the late Thomas
and Mary Lee, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 1 month and 11 days.
LETFORD— In Oakland. October 11. 1904. John
Letford. beloved son of Mary and Thomas
Letford. and brother of Thomas, James and
George Letford. aged 35 years.
MURPHY— In this city, October 10. 1904. Jo-
hanna Murphy, mother of Catherine. John.
Patrick, Johanna and the late Dennis and
Timothy Murphy, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 33 years
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 9:15 a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where' mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ODEN— In this city. October 10. 1904. An-
nette C, beloved wife of Nels C. Oden. and
sister of Mrs. Emma Anderson. Mre. Jo-
Bephine Armstrong, Mrs. Hilda C. Reisen
and Ida. John, Nels G. and Carl A. Johnson
a 5 no 6 of Swed en. aged 52 years 6 months
and 26 days.
'1 (^ Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 2 p. m.. at the par-
?¦"¦ * of v H ' F - Suhr & Co - 1137 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. October 10 1904.
Anna Catharine Peterson, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Christiana Groth. a native of
Lauvik. Norway, aged 88 years 11 months
and 5 days.
IU Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m., from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. Christiana Groth. 714
Capp street, between Twenty-second ' and
Twenty- third. Cremation at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by 2 p. m. electric car from Thir-
tieth street and San Jose avenue.
POWERS — In th!o city. October 9 1904, James
J.. beloved husband of Agnes B. Powers
brother of Michael Powers of New York, and
brother-in-law of Robert J. Jones, a native
of County Kildare. Ireland, aged 41 years
10 months and 9 days.
CTKrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where servi ces wl n be neld at u a m In .
termfint Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAVALI— In the City and County Hospital,
October 11. 1904, Eugene Ravali. a native of
France, aged 43 years.
RO ,M^' SON ~ In thIs clt y- October 10, 1904,
William J. Robinson a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 44 years 2 months and 26 days..
[CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Thursday. October
13 at 10 a. m., at his late residence 825
Ashbury street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. )
V O S , S — In this city. October 10. 1904, Annie,
beloved wife of Charles F. Vosa. and mother
of Mrs. J. H. Blethen and Mrs. J. B. Sturla
a native of Ireland.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday, 1
October 13, 1004. at 8:30 a. m.. from her late I
residence 027 Valley street, thence to St. I
Paul s Church, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul at
9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WELCH— In this city, October 11, 1904, Bridget
• T*\ cb - a natlve o* County Cork. Ireland,
aged 61 years.
11 ? akland - October 10, 1904 Jo-
sephine E.. beloved wife of Alfred Wilkie
of Biddeford, Me. (Boston and Blddeford.
Me., papers please copy.)
lETFi-le^ds and acquaintances are respect-
W»v nV ,wV° f tte , n<1 the funer *l slices
IS y , , <VV ed nesday). at 11:30 a.m. at
a h n e d %?£' stre e ts? a Oa r k I ra'nd. C9rPer ° f MalherSOiares sold 863.1C0.
Xew York Bonds.
II S rei 2s reg..l04% L & N unified 4s. 101 V4
Do coupon .....VH% Man con gold 4s.lO5%
So Ss %*. I-.'.IWH Mex Central 4s... 70%
5§ coupon..-.. 103W Do 1st inc 17%
So new 4s reg.l21S Minn & St L 4s. 95
ffi Ohio ii; ik«5I. Do 3« :..; 74%
r»li;« ...... UT,%\ Nor & W con-4s.lf^«».
Central of «a bi.llSS OSL U . A partlc. 99K
Do l!«t Inc.... 83 |Pa eonv J5V4s....lOOU
ciw ft Ohio IV-a-lOS^lReadlnir jren 4s...l01>4
Cbl & Alton -3%s. «1 S L AIM con 6S.115U
r n * O new 4s. 98 \S L A 8 F f* 4s. 66^i
The Ventura brought from Sydney £505,000. '
Changes in financial quotations were slight, i
t LOCAL. .
Bterllng Exchange, sixty days... — f 4 84 "
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 07 ft
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars • — 46
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.17>$
New York on Mexico .216
Paris on London 25.14ft
Berlin on London 20.37 vj j
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Some spot- Wheat
charters are now being drawn at practically
the rates asked by the shipowners' combine;
vl*.: 22s fld for Wheat and 23s, 9d for Bar
'ley. A ship has Just been taken at 22s. The
chartered Wheat fleet In port has a registered
tonnage of 34,280, against 41,400 tons on the
same date last year; disengaged, 91,400 tons, !
against 109,230; on the way to this port. 270,
600 tons, against 220.900. : |
WHEAT — There was no material change in
the foreign^ markets. • .
Chicago declined %c, but recovered and
closed at a slight advance on the day. The |
Government report on spring Wheat of 75.7. as
compared -with 85.6 In 1903, was regarded aa
bearish but bullish: news from Australia and
the Argentine held the market steady. : The
report on Corn of 83.9. compared with - 80.8
last year and a ten- year. average of 78.8, fa
vored the bears In Corn.
. In this market cash Wheat was dull, as the
millers are now well loaded and are not buy-
Ing. Futures were weak at the close owing to
selling orders. > The market was quiet. ,
/ CASH WHEAT.
California Club,; $1 45@1 52U; California
White Australian, -$1 55@1 62H; , Northern
Club $1 45®1 52>/i; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
©1 (i'2Vs per ctl.:. •- ¦-
,** . ;. ¦ * v .FUTURES.. - ¦:
Session 9 to 11:30" a. m. \'--'f
Open. "High. Low, Clo«e.
December . ..$1 00%, .!fl 50% - '$l.fiO<4 $1 so V.
May ....I... 1 51^ 1 32 1 51^ Tj 5 1%
' 2 p. m. Session. • . ,
Open. ' High. Low. Close. '
December ...$1 5(> , $1 50 -.. $1 50 $1 to- |
May......... 1 51%; 1 61U; 1 51 . 1 51 • I
•BARLEY— The situation remains unchtftged.
PEARS — Bartletts. $1 50iff2..per box . . In
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellls, .' "5rg>
$1 25: other winter- varieties. ; 40@75c.
PEACHES— B0*»75o per box. . -
-PLUMS — I0©60c for small packcg?s end — > —
for open boxes. .
PERSIMMONS— 75c©$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— ;J5@50c for retail and
$l(St 25 -for large boxes.-
QUINCES— 25fi3tic per- box. ..
FIGS — Nominal. * . ,
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 75c(p$t per cra'.e;
Nutmeg Melons., 4.C©05c per. box; Watermelons,
$l#:t.pe r dozen." v. <
• GRAPES — Seedless from cold storage.' 65©
85c.per box:' Isabella, E(Mj"75c per crate: other
varieties. 25®75c per small box or. crate and
7.V<S$1 BOfOr, open boxes; Wine Grapes, nom
inal. • ¦-. • •:: ¦'¦¦ '¦¦' • ' ••¦•'¦ -^ '
Trade In. fresh fruits was nothing extra,
local wants being small, but as receipts were
light "the market generally had a steady tone
and top quality offerings of all description?
brought good -prices. Attractive lots of Grapes
met with ready sale and the best offerings of
all varieties sold at prices ranging from 50c
to 75c per crate and small boxes sold up to
60c .but there were no regular prices fo r rain
damaged stock.' which was still plentiful.
Large open boxes of the Muscat variety from
Martinez were firm at $1 25® I 50, while $t
was the top for Tokays and Blacks. Receipts
of Peaches ; consisted ot a few odd lot*: -which
sold In a retail way at fair prices. The other
deciduous fruits showed little change. Straw
berries sold at a wide range as to variety and
'condition,- and Raspberries were mostly poor
and sold slowly, with only a few cheat « bring.
Ing the top rate. Cranberries were being
forced for sale and prices J»ad a further de
cline. Citrus fruits were iquiet and Mexican
Lime* were lower. .- ¦ . ,
STRAWBERRIES— $4g8 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9@10c prr lb.
CRANBERRIES— $2 25@2- 50 per box Tor
Coos Bay and $7 7!V9K for Cane Cod.
APPLES— $V2i>@l 50 fo r fancy. 85c6$l for
choice and 4CfE75c • for common.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Early in the day the corn market was weak
as a result of profit-taking consequent to ' a
bearish Government , crop report. Later, ' how
ever, a firmer feeling developed on active cov
ering by shorts. • The late market was helped
by the small primary receipts and by a report
ed decrease In the - world's - visible supply of
nearly 2,500,000 bushels. December opened un
changed to %o lower at 47%c to 4Sc, sold be-'
tween 47&C and 4S*£c and closed ¦ at -ISiira!
4S»,ic. -• ¦ '•-• - ¦ -. .- --•:•: !*?,
The principal factor In the oats market 'was
an ¦ exceedingly ,* bearish ' estimate on the total
yield shown by f the ¦ Government crop report.
Heavy liquidation characterized ; trading. At
one time prices were off fully a cent from last
CHICAGO, Oct. 11. — Suddenly awakened sus
picion that sailing had been largely overdone
transformed weakness In wheat to-day into
strength. At the close the price of both De
cember and May deliveries was %c above yes
terday's final figures. Initial quotations • on
December . were %c to %c lower at $1 08 to
$108%. May was down %c to %c to %<g:%c
at $1 08% to $1 08%. There was heavy liqui
dation of December, causing a rapid decline,
the price dropping to $107% within the first
half hour. May weakened In sympathy to
$1 07%. Other factors that contributed to the
selling pressure were lower cables and liberal
receipts In the Northwest. Weather In the
Northwest also was reported favorable to the
free movement of the crop. For a. time, the
celling was quite general. Commission houses
had numerous stop-loss orders, the execution
of which added to the weakness. Later in the
daj the demand Improved considerably, -many
traders apparently acquiring the Impression
that the market had been heavily oversold ear
lier In the session. Shorts covered freely. ¦¦ In
consequence the market soon regained all the
early loss. Light receipts at Kansas City,
with prospects of much smaller arrivals In the
near future, had , a strengthening influence.
Shortly before the close the market touched
the highest point of the day, Decemb«r selllnir
at $1 00 V4. May sold*up to $1 09%. The mar
ket closed strong, with- December at $1 09 and
May at $1 00%«*l 09^.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
s NEW YORK. Oct. 11. — Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
streets show the following changes In avail
able supplies, as compared with last accounts-
Wheat. United States and Canada east of
Rockies. Increase 4.498.000 bushels; afloat for
and in Etaropa, Increase 4,656.000 bushels; total
supply. Increase 9.198.000.
Corn, United States and Canada sast of
Rockies, decrease 2,415,000.
Oats. United States and Canada east of
Rockies, Increase 2,671,000.
Available Grain Supply.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct. 11— • »- ¦k?-
UNTTED STATES BONDS. '
: - '.,; Bid. Aak.l ¦ • 814. A4*..
4s qr coup..l0tiH106T, Us qr ci> new.l31H132<4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.l2O 123
Asso OU 6s, 73 J4 — Do 5s . .. , ..\g ¦ •—
Bay CPC 5s.l01H — Do con Os.101%102%
Cal C O 6s.lO2^ — Oceanic S 6s. — — •
Cal G & E g Om Cable Cs.120% —
m A ct 5s. - 81% Pao O Im •*—.,«
Cal-st C 6S.U2H — P E Ry B«..104T41O»
C C Wat Be. 98 — P ft C H «s.10» —
EdL * P fls. — 123 P. * O R «s.U4%H»
p i C H 61. — — • P©WfcU-st «s. — -*
Geary. st 5s.. 50 — Sac BG*R5a.l0O 101
H C*S &KS.105 — SF t.SJV5s,117^—
Do 5s OS?; — Sierra R 6s..lllVi —
Hon R T ls.l(«ai — 8 P of A fls
LAElec5s. - 104 (1909V *«}•>- *
L A Ry 5s..ll4H — O910) 1<»H —
L 5o L g5%.'= - ¦¦»>#&jS^«?
Do gtd Ss.lOrt — (1905>Sr' B.10O% —
LAP leni 58.102 — (1906) ,....l«SH104^,
Mkt-st C H..114 -- (1912) .••~»2% — '
Do lem 58.115 — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll.fc —
MVA MtT5s.lO5 — Do rtampd.110 — <
NRR of Ces.lOft 1C61, S P # B R 6s.l31 . —
Do 5s ....11T - S VWat es.104% —
N P C R 5s.lC8 — Do 4s 2dm.l00> ? —
N C Ry 5».. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. &9J, —
V c p C 5s : — 99 Do g mtsrJs J>9:4 —
N S R R Cs-1 — ,102H'Stkn G4E«s. 93 • — .
O O LAH 5s. — llOlilU O * E 5s.lO2t, —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 I
WATER 9TOCK3. - ¥ '
Contra Costa — 38 iPert Cost*... — • — '
Marti c£:. - eo IS V'Wat Co. MS 4S\
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3H — IS F O * B. tt% O%
Mutual E L. — 12 I Ftkn G A E. — ,
Pftc L Co.. .'59 «0H'C O A E Co. — •. —
- - ' BANK STOCKS..- .;
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 «L P A A... 150 --
Anislo-Cal .- W — I Mer Trust .... • — 235.
Hank of Cal.420 4?5 jMeroh Ex.... 5O MX,
r»\ Safe Dp. — IM IS F Nationt — ..— • I
Oer S & L2T55O — TSav.A L So.. — -, loo
Mutual Sav" — ' 1C0 fuhfbn TCo.. — ; .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197 — j Presidio — . 42'i
POWDER.
Giant ...... ;«% WHJVJgortt ..... — ?%
' Salvidor— 13«14e for fancy washed, nominal:
; 12«12 a 4c" for strictly prime washed, nominal
lOViftill^ic for good to prime washed, nominal
9<ei0c for fair washed; 9^®ll^c for fair to
prime washed peaberry: 0%©10*ic for good to
prime seml-wasjied; »%@10c for superior ¦ un
washcil: O^e for good green unwashed: 9®0\c
for good to superior unwashed peaberry: 5*4©
7?ic for inferior to ordinary.
j Nicsrsgua — Nominal; ll^^rlSUc for prime
, to fancy washed: ttH^lO^c for fair to strictly
I good washed: S)/6CSv4c for good to stiifertor
unwushed; 'J©0Vic for gcod to prime unwashed
! peaberry. . . - •
j Guatsmala anfl Mexican — 13?J©15c for fancy
I washed, nominal: ll^^MVic ror pTime to
strictly prime washed, nominal: 10*4fHlVic
fcr strictly good washed; 10»;f?l0Ur for good
(.washed; 90 10c "for fair washed; S®S?ic- for
: nwdium: 5 s 4^7? < c for Inferior to, ordinary:
¦ lo^eillic for %oo& to prime washed peaberry:
y-SDVjf- for gcod to prime unwashed p«ab*rry;
! 9«lCr fftr Rood tc superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20«Uc: extra
heavy. Sl§".3e ner lb: medium. 25f?
29e : light. 22627c : Rou^h - Le«i h*r. 24O
2Cc; - Harness Leather.' heavy. 33(g3J>c for
! No. 1 and 30©.T!o fos No. 2; medium 30i&37c:
light. 20(ft35c. skirting.' No." I. 40®42c: No. 2.
. SCiftSKc; Collar Leather. 15!^lt5c per foot: Trace
¦ Leather. 4G@ 14c : Kip. unfinished, 40<&50i> per
COFFEE— Costa Rica— Nominal; 14@15Uc
for strictly prime to fancy washed: 12%<ei:iVic
for prime washed: llH&l-Uc for good washed
11 V-i 'S 13c for . good to prime washed - peaberry ;
lC@llc for good to prime peaberry; Iligl2iic
for good, to prime: 0^10'Jc for fair; 7ti©3 ',-c
for common to ordinary.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows, 60 days or 14 per cent discount for
cash no sales under 10.COO lbs: Manila Hijc;
Sisal. 1014c: Duplex. »Uc; Bale Rope' im«
ll%c per lb. ¦ '
PACIFIC CODFISH — Bundles, per lb,
4%c; cases, regular. $5 55; cases extra large,
C%c; Eastern style. C%c; bonelers. &Kc;
"Norway," 6*ic; "Narrow Gauge," 6&C; "Sil
ver King." 7?4c; blocks. "Oriental." 6»$c:
blocks. "Seabrlght," 7c; tablets 7^«; mid
dles, 7©9}4c: fancy boneless. 9Vii@9%c; pickled
Cod. bbls. $8; pickled Cod. half; bbls. $4 75.
FRUITS. £ . g. . I 2
K| ..." \ .1. || \ \]
Apples $1 W!$l 30 $1 20;$l 10
Apricots 125 115 105
-Blackberries 1 60 1 35 1 25 1 15
Cherries Royal Anne... 2 10 1 80 1 65
' Do White 200 165
Do, Black 1 80 1 66 150
Grapes. Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00 9O
Nectarines 1 50 1 25 1 15 1 05
Pearhes. Yellow\ 175 135 1251115
Pears Bartlett 190 1 60 1 00 1 30
Plums. Green Gage 1 35 1 10 1 00 90
Do Damson 140 115 1 08 1 CO
Raspberries 2 50! 2 25 2 00' 1 90
Strawberries 2 001 1 75 X COJ 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES^Tomatoes 2H~lb
standards, 65@70c; gallon standards. $2; 3-lb
solid pack. Si'ifOOc; Green Peas — Baby petits
pois. .$160; petits pol« '$1 35; extra sifted,
$1 15; standard sifted, $1; Standards, R5g!X)o;
Marrowfats. JCiiuNT'ic f. o. b. Sad Francisco.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; . New Wel
lington, $8: Seattle. $6 50; . Bryant. $8 50;
Beaver Hill $5 50: jRoalyn. $7: Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $. 50: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 00; Cannel. $9 par ton; Coke.
$11 CCftir per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks;
Reeky Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per short
ton.
Dealers quote differently regarding Butter.
Those who are cleaned up of fine creamery
(and they are in the majority) quote this grade
at SCc. while some who are still sufficiently
supplied do not quote over 20c. But the mar
ket for fancy goods is unquestionably, firm,
while the medium and lower grades are still
dragging.
Cheese has a wider range, and ¦ there Is now
quite a gap between old. and new. Good new
is getting scarcer right along, and while one
cr two houses are well supplied with both old
and new, the majority of the trade are cleaned
up and are trying to buy from one another.
This gives the market a firm appearance. The
current reduction In supplies is caused, by
many makers In the country having recently
stopped producing the goods on account of the
long-continued dullness at low prices.
Eggs rule firm at the advance notPd at the
beginning of the week, with fine ranch well
cleaned up.
Receipts were 20,500 lbs Butter, 575 cases
Eggs and 11,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 20®ri0c
for extras and 2:i©28c for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 21024c; cold storage. 24c; store
Butter, 17£?-20c; Eastern creamery, 21%@23c;
Eastern ladle-packed. 16@17c per lb.
CHEESE — U@12c for choice mild new and
8@10c for old:< Young Americas, Jl>4@12c;
Eastern. 10S15C per lb.
EGG3 — Ranch, 30@40c for large white se
lected, 8"4T38c for good to choice and 34<336c
for' common; cold storage, 27H@30c; store,
nominal; Eastern, 2o©2Sc for. firsts and 22@
24c for seconds and 21c for bakers'.
Butter, Cheese and Ecc:s.
Iron closed 60s 6d In Glasgow and at 43s
7%d In Middlesboro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $14 2ft®
14 7ft; No. 2, do. $14©14 60; No. I foundry?
Southern, and No. 1. do. soft, at $13 75@14 25.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11. — London cables a de
cline on tin, with si>ot closing at £128 17s 6d
and futures are £128 7s 6d. Locally the mar
ket was easy and slightly lower again, with
spot hold at ?28Q2S 35. Copper was higher In
London, closing £S9 13s 94 for spot and £00
16s 3d for futures. Locally copper was firm.
Lake Is quoted at $13@13 12; electrolytic
$12 87>4@13; casting, $12 78(80.2 87%.
Lead was a little higher in London, closing
at £12 2s 6d, and was steady but unchanged
locally, where it Is quoted at $4 20@4 30.
Spelter was firm and a little higher at $5 15
<S5 20 in the local market and at £22 ISs in
London.
New York Metal Market.
Southern — Warm, clear weather
T-nevalled daring the first of the week, with
frequent- light showers at the close. The El
raisin crop is nearly ail harvested and
curing Is promoting: satlefactorily In other
secuons. Rfiin ha* -caused very liltle damage
to raisins thi* s-r-ason ami a heavy crop u proh
abl*>. IWn harvf^.fns. has t>^*-a retarded An
«oine sections by the rairs and eomo damage
has resulted; thrashing has bt-en resumed.
Walnut harvest is progressing slowly, owing to
unfavorable weather; the nuts are of good
euality. Oranges have been improved by the
¦San Jcaquin Valley. — Cloudy and showery
weather with frequent thuna^rptorms prevailed
<".urinr the part week. A severe thunderstorm
paisud over the central portion of the valley
<-n the right cj the Sth and the morning of the
«lh." cnu!»trijr much- damare to the raisins,
cr»irw-» and hsy In the field*; At Freeno 2.38
Indies fell !n *ixto*>n hour*. cacEir.g groat dam
asr tiy'Cnr.-iJliHE ftreets smi cellars. Owing to
the unfavorable weather, little or no progress
lios txt-n made in curir.R raisins. Larg^ ship
ments of jK.tatoo* continue from Stocktcn to
foutriern California pcirts. Green feed has
maiJe exc»>3!?nt growth. Stock are healthy and
In rood condition.
Sacramento Valley. — Cloudy. unsettled
weather prevailed during tee w>ek, with fre
quent rains. Grapes on the vines were greatly
da?negcd by the rain, and In seme cases com
pletely ruined, as they will be unfit for wine
or table c«8*. Becns and hay were als-o con
el<Sereb!7 damaged. The recent rains have
been very beneficial to citrus orchards, which
tre now In excellent condition. Oranges are
advancing rapidly and neoring maturity In
fome- orchards. Green feed" has made pood
growth end will soon be abundant. Plowing
en<! seeding are in progress. A large acreage
of ex&iri and hey will be planted.
Coaft and Hay Sections. — Fair, warm weather
prevailed during tha first of the week, fol
lowed by frequent ehowers and fairly heavy
r^ln In the central and northern sections. The
crape crop has been rerlously damaged by rain.
and in tamt traces the wineries have ceased
rcoe.ivlnir the rraj*-s. owing to their bad condi
tion. Tomttoes sr.d hay were also consider
ably damanged. Walnut* In Sonoma County
were somewhat lpjur*-d by the recent hot
weather, but there will be. a fair crop. The
t-o!l Is In pood condition In all sections and
rii-jwinir i* in prr*re«s. Grpen feed Is growing
rajjidly anfl in some places is sufficient fcr
¦toci. Potato d'ggirg i» progressing and corr.
if n<-ariy ready for harvest.
The rain caused considerable damage to un
protected bay and beans In the field. Bean
r. arresting acd thrashing are progressing in
;he southern districts; the crop is below aver
age. The sell is in good condition In all sec
tions and farm work Is In progress. Grass is
crowing rapidly ard In some sections is suffi
cient for stock feed.
lots*, m th» fruit !s unfit for market or wine.
Aznpl* .warrdefrs were riven to the raJEin dis
tricts, trut the heavy rain caused considerable
>lamage to raisins on the trays. The wineries
!n some places have ceasei receiving grapes,
owljipr to their bad eotiiition. Citrus orchards
v.-ere greatly bene.fited by the rain and are In
eacc*Ment condition In most places. Oranges
are maturing rapidly !n the Sacramento Valley
and advancing satisfactorily In other sections.
Walnuts wers somewhat damaged by the re
eent hot wsather. but there will be a fair crop;
haj-reet Is In progress In the south. The acre
tr» In walnuts and lemons has been largely ln
cro*#ea.
Grapes were pefioufly damaged by tb« rain
uni In 6crr.e vineyards the crop will be a total
r»ri*rs!ly cloudy cr partly cloudy In the cen
re\ and northern sections and warm and fair
n the south. Toward th» cloi^ of the week
here were frequent showers and fairly heavy
alns in the central ar.d northern districts and
i£ht rain in the south. Thunderstorms oc
urrrd la several places.
The Weather and Oops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdte, section
!:re»-tcr of the climate and crop service of the
¦Vcather Bureau. Is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The weather during the first of the week was
BAGS— Grain Bags, I6g5 25; San Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c:
Fruit Bags. 6H®7%c for white and 7c for
brown Juti
CANNED FRUIT— Following are prices for
the 1904 pack:
General Merchandise.
There was a fair business on th« Stock and
Bond Exchange, with firmness In the sugar
stocks, which met with the most attention.
Hawaiian Commercial sold still higher, reach
ing: $67 50. Gas and Electric was firm at
$61 50, and Pacific States Tel. and Tel. sold
at $113. The oil and Tonopai stock* w»r»
quiet, and the Comstocks showed no new tasv
tures.
Tha Alta Mining Company has parted an as
sessment of 5c. delinquent November- It.
The South San Francisco Dock Cbmpsvnr feas)
levied an assessment ot $3. delinquent Novem
ber 10. <f-. .......
The Bank of California has declared a. quar
terly dividend of $4. payable October 15.
Provident Oil Mining Company of San Fran
cisco has levied assessment No. T of 1 cent p«r
share, delinquent November 6. . ¦
Llghtner Mining Company of Calif oral a has
declared ar regular monthly dividend of So par
share, amounting to $6280, payable October 20.
The American Smelting and Renalsg Com
pany paid a regular quarterly dividend- •* 1%
per cent on the preferred stock yesterday.
The Guggenheim Exploration Company paid
a regular quarterly dividend of 1% p«r cent
y *The 'California Fruit Canners* Aasodatto*
will • pay a regular monthly dividend .. of 609
Powder Works <new corporation)
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 60s Oo
tober 2O. ¦ ¦;%'"£: .7; : >. ;
Fair Trading, With No Very Sharp
Fluctuations.
STOCK MARK FIT.
Receipts of domestic Poultry were unusually,
light for Tuesday, being less than 5O coops,
and dealers reported a steady market for all
descriptions, with small young chickens and
spring Turkeys leading in point of demand.
No Western stock came In, but a car was.
hourly expectedT Game was In light receipt
and generally firm'.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 1 old, 14@15c per
lb for Gobblers and 154?l8c for Hens; young
Turkeys, 20@22c per lb; Oeese. per pair. $1 5')
@1 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks. $4 50®5 per
doeen for old and $4 50<?f6 for young; Hens,
$4 50@5 for email and $5^5 50 for larse; youns
Roosters, $5@5 50; old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fry
ers. $4@4 50; Broilers. $:tfi »: Pigeons, $1 25
per dozen for old and $2@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME- — Wild Doves. 85c per dozen; Gray
Geese. $5 per dozen; English Snipe. $3 per
dozen; common Snipe. $1 50 per dozen; Hare,
$1 23@1 75 per dozen; Rabbits, $2 per dozen
for Cottontails- and $1 60 for Brush.
Poultry and Game,
Foreign Futures. ' i
„ J.JVERPQQLv. .- . . -J
Wheat*— 'Dec. March. '
Opening 7 4% 7 6% J
Closing 7 8H 7 6% j
PARIS. '
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Aj>l.
Opening 23 65 24 85 '
Closing 23 65 ' 24 80
Flour* —
Opening 31 15 82 40
Closing 31 00 S 40
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. 11. — Increase UP strength Is
shown in the local wool market of the week.
Recently there has been a heavy demand for
almost all grades of wool, a condition of af
fairs which. If it continues, will mark tha sea- 1
son as unique. - .
Territory grades of a firm character are
freely sold. Foreign trades are quiet. i
Prices of domestic wools In this market aa '
based on actual sales include the following: j
Territory — Idaho fine. 1S*j18%c; heavy fine, .
l.VJflGc; fine medium, 18®18V4c; medium, 1S><0
20c; low medium, 21@22c.
Wyomins fine, 164j-17c; heavy, 16@16c: fine '
medium, lTij'alhc; medium, 20@2ic; low me- ,
dium, 22@23c.
Utah and Nevada fine. 17@17&c; heavy fine,
15@16c: fine medium, nviit'lbc; medium, 20it
21c; low medium, 23$?24c. . 1
Montana fine, choice, 21@22c; fine average,
19020c; fine medium, choice, 21®22c; average. '
10@20c; staple. 22@23c; medium choice, Ti<Q
23c: average, 21@22c
St. Louis Wool Market. *
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 11.— Wool, Steady; Territory 1
and Western mediums, 21@22c; fine medium,
17O18o; fine, 10@16c.
¦ •• ~— ~~^~"
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 11.— Wheat for export:
Walla Walla, 82c; bluestem, 85c;, valley, 85c.
For Eastern markets: Walla Walla, 83c; blue
stem, 86c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 11. — Wheat unchanged. Blue
stem, 86c; club, 82c. \
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Oct. 1L— Clearings, $875,455; bal- j
ances, $159,399. !
TACOMA, Oct. 11.— Clearings, $507,374; bal- '
* PORTLAND. Oct. 11.— Clearings, $1,013,350;
balances, $117,158. !
SPOKANE. Oct. 11.— Clearings, $470,374; j
balances, $22,566.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks... 1.428! ; f 1 ,,j
EASTERN. . ] • •! If-.
Corn Meal. sks.. BOO! "^'TtDlTJ
Flour qr sks. . .2O.983J Wool, bales ..... COS
Wheat, ctls 4,642| Tallow, ctla .... ' 2«tt
Barley, ctls .... 1.441! Leather, roll* ... 819
Oats, ctls 373J Hides, No ' gtt
Beans, sks 2.520! Pelts. No ....... 680
Potatoes, ska ... 4.494 Lime, bbls 182
Bran, sks OSOlwtne. gals 43.10O
Middlings, eks . . 40.1: Raisins, bxs .... 1.3(0
Hay tons 2<n' Quicksilver, flska. 35
Straw, ton* S| Sugar, etls ..... 2.6OO
Hops, bales S05| .- -
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAT. OCTOBER XI.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7>;©7!^c: Cows and Heif
ers, BHfi'rtVic: thin Cows 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4Hc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%@Z%e; Ewes, 3@3Uc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 60@2 75 per head. -
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4Hc;
200 to 250. lbs. 4 He; 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over. 250 lbs. 4 He: soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sowa, 20 per rent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: •
BEEF — 6«7c for Steer* and 4$5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL. — Large. 6%@7tte: small. 708c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%e: Ewes. 6® 7c per
pound.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs 6®Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Good Beef Is not, in large supply and is
steady, -while thin stock Is weak. The recent
rains are making grass rapidly and all Beef
will shortly run better In quality. :
Large Veal Is in moderate- supply and firm,
but small and dairy Calves are) in excessive
supply and weak.
Mutton. Lamb and Pork are In ample re
ceipt and unchanged.
Meat Market.
PEACHES — Are In practically the same po
sition as apricots. Choice, 8M@8%c; extra
choice, 6?i@9c, and fancy, DVii&lOc.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
showed no change. Arrivals are small, but de
mand is Mcht and cricos are no better than
steady. Common are held at.4!£N%c, prime
at 4*(i@«c, choice at 5%@6c and fancy at
CV4W7c.
PRUNES— Are quiet, with the market firm
on the larger sizes, though it Is reported that
some of the smaller sizes are to be had at
slight concessions. Quotations range from
2c to 5>4c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Remain firm on small offerings.
Choice are held at 9^c; «xtra choice, 10^4®
lOVfic. and fancy, 13 (313c.
XEW YORK, Oct. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
87,700 barrels: exports, 8100 barrels: «alea, 2100
packages. Market steadily held, but inactive.
WHEAT — Receipts, ; sales, 3,900,000
bushels futures. Spot, firm; No. 2 r«d, $1 14%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern thiluth, $1 18%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened weak under
lower cables and bearish Western leadership,
rallied lately, chiefly on statement by Statis
tician H. V. Jones that he considered the
Government's figures 15,000.000 too high for
spring wheat and the total crop fully 100,000,
0<3O bushels short of last year. Shorts cov
ered and prices closed at a net advance of
5-lCc Sales included: No. 2 red May at
$1 OU&@1 10 13-16, closed $1 10 13-16; Decem
ber, $1 11 9-16 and |1 12 3-16, closed at
$1 12 13-16.
HOPS — Firm; State, common to choice, . 1004.
R."?<538c: olds. 14*8 18c; Pacific Coast, 1904, 30®
3«c; 1903, 30<S35c: olds. 14SH8C.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
FETROLEUM— Steady. 4
COFFEE— Futures closed easy, with a net
decline of 5@10 points. Total sales. 60,000 bags,
including: December, 6.80@6.85c; January,
6.!K)c; February. 7.05c; March, 7.05@7.15c:
April. 7.25c; May, 7.254J7.35C; July, 7.45®
7.50c; September, 7.50®".65c. Spot Rio, steady;
N'o. 7 invoice, 8%c. Mild, quiet.
SUGAR — Raw. quiet; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 9<s test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 3%c.
Refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUIT.
Xcw York Grain and Produce.
POTATOES — Burbanke from the river, 60®
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 40 per
ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— 41®1 20 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1@1 25 per
sack or crate; String Beans. 2H@&: per
lb; Wax Beans, 3®4c per lb; Lima
Beans. 4® 5c per lb; Tomatoes, 20@
60c per box; Summer Squash, 4C@50c per
box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per
pack; Cucumbers. 35^>.">0c per box: Garlic," 4%
@4%c per lb; Egg Plant. 35@5Oc per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra. 35@50c
per box; Green Peppers... 40065c per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $15 per ton.
Trade In Potatoes continued active and. al
though receipts were liberal, the market had
a steady tone 'and prices were well main
tained. There have been several cars of cheap
stock shipped out of the state during the past
few days, and this has had a tendency to
strengthen the market for high-grade offerings.
The top quotation for Salinas Burbanks was
obtained only for ane well-known brand of
selected stock, $1 35 being the top for the
general market. There were no fresh Sweets
received and carrled-over lots brought an ad
vance. Onions were firm, with dealers expect
ing higher prices.
Receipts of miscellaneous vegetables were
lighter" than usual, as the recent rain checked
picking In the verlous growing districts. The
market was steady for fresh offerings of all
descriptions and higher prices were obtained
for Green Corn and Lima Beans.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New York Cotton Market.
• NEW YORK. Oct. 11. — Cotton futures
opened steady at a decline of 4^12 points and
closed steady at a net loss of 2@5 points.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 11.— To-days statement
of the Treasury 'balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balances, $146,947,059.
Cash In the Treasury.
This last rain has Imparted additional
strength to the Bean market, as all Interests
agree that It has materially Increased the
damage to the crop, and as there Is a good
shipping demand for Montana and the South
west, as already mentioned, sellers obtain full
figures without difficulty. Bayos. Pinks and
Llmag are particularly firm, i
There is a continued demand for Alfalfa
Seed, with no stock of any consequence here
to satisfy It.
BEANS— Bayos, ?2 40«2 60; Pea, $2 800
9 10; Butters $2 75*&3; small White, $2 00'<*
8 15; largo White. $2 25@2 60; Pink, $2 75@
3 10; Red, $3 76@4; Lima $4 lOfM 25; Red
Kidneys. $« 50®4 75: Blackeyes. $2 35@2 55 per
ctl: Horse Beans, $1 85®2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 23; Flax. $2@2 76; Canary. 6%
427; Alfalfa, 15V&@16^c; Rape, I'Mhxbc:
Timothy, 6<Kc; Hemp. 3H©3%c per lb; Millet,
2&@3Hc: Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 25: new Green
Peas. $2@2 25 per ctl. *
Beans and Seeds.
of little business at the moment, but the mar
ket reir-eirift stra<Ir. Ther» continues a fair
demand for Curracts at the previous quota
tions. Apricots are In limited eupply on the
spot. Prra'.l sales of new crop are making
st 9«4c for choice. lOHc for extra and 11 ',4c
for lancy."
needed that we.ro held on the Coast by the
C«saoUdatad Twals'.n Company at the time that
r.otlcc was jspued. In imported raisins we hear
"Th* market was moderately a<-tlve yester
day and orders were well distributed, no ar
ticle on the list coming in for special atten
tion. Prunes were made somewhat prom
inert by the fax-t that Coast advices were of
a «tronger tenor. Crop estimates are being
greatly reduced, and the proportion of large
sizes is represented to be very much smaller
than <-xr»-c«.ed. so that short sellers are havinj?
FT»-at difficulty in securing what they need.
N« w poMs stre arriving, but. there 15 consld
e»ab!e criticism of quality and some rejections
have b«-tn made on the ground that the fruit
tendered for delivery on contracts was a mix
ture- of old and new. The arrivals have not
been. very larjre so far, and little ntw epot
fruit is offered in the genera! market as yet.
Some So-fiOs are qu-Ued at 4"ic and Ort-7Os at
«i^c. There was a fair demand for small lots
<;f see<J<vJ Raisins c« the spot, but no business
for forward shipment from the Coast was
noted. Thf advance of ><c a pound in the
f o. b. 1 ri^e of fancy Coast eroded became
fffectire yesterday morning. While local Job
bers at no time following the announcement
that the price would be advanced evinced a
d«-sire to take advantage of the opportunity
thus afforded to etock up at the old price,
the demand from all quarters of the country
ii un<!ersto<*) to have been sufficient to ab
fc^rb practically all of the 130 cars of fancy
I>ried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from New York say:
Local Wool houses report a continued firm
market and, say that owing to- the recent ex
cellent buying the clip Is already well cleaned
up. All grades, defective as well aa free, sell
as soon as offered. Prices show no change.
The situation in Hops remains as firm as
ever, not only on this coast, but in New York
and Europe. There are very few Hops left In
growers' hands, as frequently mentioned of
late.
Hides continue steady, with an active de
mand, which kaepa arrivals cleaned up. -
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Hfilo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 8^c; light, 9c; Cow
Hides 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
7c; Salted Kip 10c; Salted Veal, lie: Baited
Calf. llHc: dry Hides 16HO17c: dry Kip. t:m
14c; dry Calf 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25f?
40c each; short Wool, 40@ft5c each; medium.
75@90c; long Wool. $1@1 60; ,Horte Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 60 for medium,
$1 25@1 75 for small and 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dlum, $iai 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry salted
Mexican: 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large. 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb:
No. 2 SVac; Grease. 2H@3c-
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin and South
ern. 9@llc; Southern, 8@9c; Southern Moun
tain 9©llc; Middle Counties, free. 12514c:
do, defective, lC@12e; .Northern free. 12©14c:
do. defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 14^l5c per lb.
HOPS — 1004 crop. 26®30e per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
OMAHA, Oct. 11.— CATTLE- Receipts, 6200. |
Earner; native steers $4 40@6 10; cows and >
heifers, $2 40@3 CO; Western steers, $3®4 C5; \
Texas steers, $2 75!g;3 76; cows and heifers, .
$2 25'ii." 40; canners, $1 6CK52 10; stockers and
feeders. ?2 50^4: calves, $3@5 60; bulls and '
stags, $1 50&3 25. j
HOGS — Receipts. 6500. Market 6c lower:
heavy. $5 40©5 50: mixed, $5 45©5 60; light,
*5 50@5 55; pigs. J.'.^O 40; bulk of sales, $0 45
@5 &O i
SHEEP— Receipts, 20,000. Market active j
and steady; Western yearlings. $3 60®4; weth- i
ers, $.'1 40©3 65; ewes, |3®3 50; common and ¦
stockcrs, $2 25@3 75; lambs,* $4 4O'«5.
Unialui.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7000. Strong, steady;
muttons, $3 Z5#3 SO; Iambs, $466 15; range
wethers, $3 30*@3 S5; «wes. $2 75@3 50.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Re- j
celpts, 25,000. Market steady to 10 cents !
lower; native steers, $-((&(» 10; native cows and '
heifern. $1 S0$N 50; stockers and feeders. $2 25
(ni 25; bulls, $1 76®8 DO; calves, $2 60@5 50:
"Western steers, $304 50; Western cows, $1 50 I
®3 60.
HOGS — Receipts, 10,000; 6®10c lower. Bulk
Of sales, $5 50@5 60; heavy, $5 60@5 70; pack- I
ers, $5 r.Otfir. C5; pigs and lights. $5 30@fi 50. I
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— CATTLE — Recelptt,
14,000. including 7000 Westerns. Market steady
to weak; good to prime steer*, (5 23@6 60: poor
to medium, $3<ii5; etockers and feeders, $2&i;
cows, $2 25@4 60; heifers, %~%5; cannera, (1 25
©2 25; bulls, $1 75'tfl 15; calves. *3©7 CO;
Texas fed steers, |4 60Q5 50; Western steers,
?3 25@4 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 16,000; to-morrow. 24,000.
Market steady to 5 cents lower; mixed and
butchers, $5 40®G 10; good to choice heavy,
$5 80@6 10; rough heavy, $5 25@4 75: , light,
$5 45&5 05; bulk of sales, (5 80@d.
SHEEP — Receipts. 36,000. Sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 60&i IB; fair
to choice mixed, $3@3 50; "Western sheep, $;t£)
4 25: native lambs, $3 50@0; Western lambs,
1 4 S0<i?5 40.
Chicago,
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
lb; Veal finished. 50©t50« per lb: Calf, flnlshad.
6&c£$l per lb; Wax Sides. 10917a per tomt;
Belt Knife Splits, 14018c; Rough Splits, 8©10o
TANBARK— Ground, $23023 per too; stick.
$16 5O313 per cord. ': ,
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for ea»«»
aJa 5c; L:nseed. 53c per gallon for boiled and
Sic for ra.wi Castor OU. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10©l 12; Lurol. 5Oo for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China, Nut. cases.
63«80c per gallon; Cocoanut OH. la barrels,
88c (or Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter 8penn OU. «8c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter "WnaU
Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil. 82e; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. «5e;
pure Neat.xfoot Oil. 73c; Xo. 1 Neat«f«>ot Oil.
«{c; light Henins Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil, 33c; raw Patat
Oil. 31c. . : '• '
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU. to bulk.
ISc; Pearl Oil In cases. 19H<?: Astral. 19Uo$
Star. 19V4e; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine-. 26c: Eo
cene 23c ; Deodorized Store Gasoline. In bulk.
16c; 'in esses. 22Hc: Benzine. In bulk. 13«; ta
rases. l&Vic: 88- degree OasoUns, In butk. 20c;
In cases. 31c. '. 1
• TURPENTtNB— 81c pe r gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND AVHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 1*%&
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7UU7HC. according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $41©43 for local us« fcftd
$41841 50 per flask for export.
SALT — Bales. 80e for common and $t for
granulated; Dairy. $5 50 per ton; Granulated.
$8 50; Half Ground. 100-lb bags $3X9; d^.
50- lb bags $3 75: Rock Salt. $2 75©3 In 100
and $3 25 In 50 lb bags; Genuine Liverpool,
$11 50. $12 50 and $13 50 per ton in packages
of 224. 110 and 60 lbs. respectively.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, psr lb. in ICO-lb bairs:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.23c;
Powdered. 8.10c; Candy Granulated. «.10c:.D»y
Granulated, fine. 8c: l>ry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A.. 6c;
Magnolia A 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c: Golden C.
5.40c: "D," 5.30c: barrels, 10c more: half,
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50- lb bags,
10c more to* all kinds. Tablet* — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & K. Crystal Domino*.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. *l»«t9; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $lfl<823; Latb. 4
feet $3 75©4: Pickets. $17®23: Shingles. $2
(or No. 1 ana $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $U tor
split and $13 for sawn: Rustic. Wg.lO.
CHICAGO. Oct. 11.— On the Produce ESx
change to-day the Butter market waa steady;
Creameries, H'a'JOc; dairies. 13@17c. Eggs,
steady at mark, 14@17%c; firsts, 18c; prime
first*. 20c; extras, 22c. Cheese, steady, 10O >
lOttc.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Hark cf California Annual Meeting.
T* fortieth arr.uaJ merting of the sioek
h.ldjr» of the Bank of California «u held
> es Jr<lay. As cmniiarwfl with one yur ago
theJ have been gains of 5S0S.278 31 in the as
*etJS83,440 59 In the deposits and $."{21,978 C6
la Ae surplus and undivided profits. The cap-
Staipaid In gold coin is $3,000,000 and capital,
tc-plher with eurj'iut and undivided profits,
noW amounts to $3.7Sl,t;i5 07 The financial
¦¦OTiItien cf the bank at the close of busi
n*i October 1. 1904, was as follows:
ASSETS.
ixfris an<l discounts $14,918,508 05
B»k premises 250,<XX> CO
ojcr real estate ol9,105 S>t
VK-handit*- letters credit account 592.204 U
6idry Ix>nds and t-ux-ks 2.0BS.230 OS
Grernuient t bonds ti^o.050 <K)
If from banks and bankers 3.7Si»..'UO
1'iiey on hand :i,0^3.:;i» 40
rctal assets $26. 107,440 79
LIABILITIES.
• fc'.tal paid in Kold coin $3.OC9,(YX> 00
.-f:plu» and undivided profits . . . * 6.781.C15 07
'Kidends unpaid 408 00
fvfptanct* under letters credit.. «O."J,r.'.»6 70
iher liabiUties K3,O:{ IS
fje depositors 11,619,402 21
Ije bar.ks and bankers 3.SOi.7:$l tJ3
/ Total liabilities $20,107,4 J6 79
f Regular quarterly dividends of $4 per share
f\ere paid on the capital stock during the yoar.
j >ne of that amount has just been declared,
j >avable O»:ti.b«r 15.
; The only change in the board of directors
Vas the election of Joseph S. Tobin as a, di
i'*^tor to fill the vacancy caused by the death
at Adam Grant. The other diretrtore were re
flected, as follow?: William Alvord. Jaro"s
M. All*n, FYank B. Anderson. Wiiliam Bab
cock. Charles R. Bishop. Antoine Bortl, Warren
1). Mark. G«org«s E. Goodman. Edward W.
Hoikint. John F. Merrill, Jacob Stern.
All the old orfieere were re-electod, as fol
;.'ws (Mr. Alvord's election as president be
ing for the tw-tT.ty-seventh consecutive year):
Wntiam Alvord, president; Charles R. Bishop.
xlrv president; JYark li. Anderson, vice pree
iJt'nt; Irving F. Moulton. cashier; Fam H.
1'ariiels, asfcistar.t cashier; William R. Pent*.
PM-istarit casrhier; Allen M. Clay, secretary;
James V. Ruggles. aFsiatant secretary.
Hay market conditions seem pretty well es
tablished at present. There is a good de
mand for choice clean and dry lots at full
figures, and occasional sales above the quo
tations are reported, while weather-stained lots
are not wanted. There Is a good deal of this
damp and stained Hay coming in now. All
Feedstuffs remain as before quoted, with the
tone steady.
BRAN— $20621 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20^21 p« r too.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $23 50©24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoacnut Cake. $22@23: Corn
Meal, $30 50©3l 50; Cracked Corn. $31332;
Mixed Feed. - $22@22 60; Horse Beans, f 30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat, $10<£15; Wheat and Oat $10$
14 00; Oat, $9@13; Barley and Oat. S5@12;
Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@10; stable $9<SU:
stock. $5 5007; Clover, $7® 10; Alfalfa, $»@12
per ton.
STRAW— 45©65o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff*.
Some changes in barreled Pork will be seen.
There Is nothing new in Hams, Bacon and
Lard. The recent advance In Lard has brought
buyers into market for all product*, as they
fear that tha advance In Lard may be followed
by advances in other descriptions, and busi
ness Is reported better In consequence.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy, 11 %c for light medium 14c for light.
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides, 10?; c; Bellies, 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c; Call*
fornia Hams. 13 He; Mrss Beef. 110-glO SO per
bbl; extra Mess, $10 30811 ; Family. |12@12 50;
prime' Mmi Pork. $14 50;. extra clear. $23;
Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c fo r Eastern compound
and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 10%r;
10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%e; 3-lb tint,
ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. S%c; one tierce. 8%e; two tierces.
8c; five tierces. IV^c per lb.
Provisions.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flhur. $3 23 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, |3; Rye Meal, $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 CO; extra cream do. ?3 CO;
Oat Meal. ?3 75; Oat Groats $4; Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour,' $4; Cracked
Wheat. $3 60; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, (6 70@7 60; in
sacks, (4 25; Pearl Barley, to; Split Peas,
boxes, 95 50; Green Peas $5 60 per 100 lbs.
The millers continue to quote a fair average
local consumptive demand at unchanged quo
tations.
FLOUR— California" Family Extras. $4 S0#
6 10, usual terma; Bakers' Extras. $4 70t?5:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $i#4 50
per bbl. . ; - .
•Flour and Millstuffs.
XnW YORK. Oct. 11.— The stock market
once more retrieved itself from a temporary
setback to-day and reeumed the advance. The
j rise was not even and not entirely comprehen
tive. the , greater part I of the trading and the i
movement being congested in a few prominent :
¦tocka. The firmness in the rest of the mar- !
k«t wait due largely to sympathy with the '
few strong stocks, but the hardness of the
market vas none ahe less clearly demon
strated. The optrnfaig- response to the Govern-
I ment crop report was disappointing with de
i creased promls»e of the yield both of corn and
! of wheat over tbe pessimistic esiimaU-s which
j had Kiiiaed authunty in the market waa so
J brUiiar.t that confidence in a prosperous out
j come of the harvests was confirmed. But the
holders of stocks were raoyed to take advan
tage of the showing to tell. The seller*
showed little disposition to make price conc««
>-:o::f, however, and the pressure diminished as
prieea reached iuai debt's level. A reiteration
cf estimates of a two billion bushel torn crop
or less by the authorities whose first estimates
had impressed the financial community proved
or little effect In face of the Indications from
the Government figure* of 2, 420, 000, 000 bush-
I els or mere. The significance of this showing
I in view of the price level at which corn held
j proved effective la Imparting strength to the
1 fri-angers. and resulted in the large buying
I and f-ibsiar.tial advances in Union Pacific,
Atchiton and St. Paul. The Gould Southwest
err.s were inclined to hang back, apparently
affected by yesterday's accident on the Mis
souri Pacific and owing to dissatisfaction with
the earning statement contained In the yearly
report of the Wab<i»h. United States Steel
I was subjected to early pressure and then ral-
J lird. but met sufficient offerings at yester-
I day's high price to «top its advance. New
I York CentraTa ~ 1 -^ point advance waa of only
j moderate influence on other Eastern railroads.
j Heading was sold to realize and Erie was hurt
1 by consideration of it* annual report, which
was circulated during the session. Brooklyn's
1 rlM nas attributed to good current earnings.
j Ttie ev^nt of the day in the world's financial
: markets was the advance from 4 to 6 p»r
! cent of the discount rate of the Imperial Bank
I of Germany alter, having maintained the for
mt-r rate *ince • June, 1003. Foreign exchange
hardened here in respanse and the continental
exchanges moved arulnst London; where dis
counts hardened and the price of gold was
advanced. Th# action of the German bank
I is not clearly understood, and !«»d to surml»<s
' that another Russian loan Is ln*ing prepared
for. Financial authorities In Ixindon have
pointed out that a relaxation of th« money
!jt» there would cau6<.- a withdrawal of large
French credits placed there and their transfer
to Iierlin. or in the event ot higher money
rates here to New York. Since the Panama
<anal payment I'aris money supplies have been
abundHnt, and large amounts have brtn placed
net only in I>on<lon, but in Germany as well.
Th«» sharp advance in the German bank's dis
count rate may be Intrr.ded to hold French
credits in that market and to Invite further
commitments. Our stock market closed some
! what irregular and with be?t prices not fully
! maintained, in epite "' a late bidding up of
1 the southern group.
Bond*. firm. Total Bale*, par value,
] $.*.,u7»».««i0. United States old *a advanced hi
l>er cent on call.
New York Stock List.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 64, 5W 84^ M?» 84 Vs
Atchison pfd 2,0<W 100'i IOOV4 loOMi
Iialumore & Ohio. 4. 400 91 U Dt>H '•»!'. 1
Bait ic Ohio t*d 5*3
Canadian Pacific... 7.800 132% 1S1V4 132V4
Central of N J ¦ 180 \i,
Ches & Ohio 4.500 44 43% 43»i
Chicago & Alton 48
Chi & Alton pfd .... bO
Chi & Gt Western. 700 16*i 1CV4* 16%
I Chicago & N' XV.... 4CK> 15)0 1S9 l»9»i
j Chi Mil &. St Paul. 48,700 l»»i£ 166 167ft
I Chi M & St P pfd. 100 1S31* 1831$ 183
Chi Term & Trans. loo 7 7 7
I Chi T& T pfd 4,WJ<> - 15*; 14?i 15H
I C C C * 81 Louis.. 4UO bSVs »% t>5»4
i Colorado Southern.. 1"ijO 19'^ 19% 19?*
Colo So l*t pfd 600 51% 51 % 61
Colo So 2d pfd two 1'7 20% ac%
I L*l & Hudson 2,100 174% 173 173$,
! Del Lack & West 290..
Denver & Rio Gr.. 1U0 2) 28 2a
Den &. liio Gr pfd ....' 62
Eria S3.100 Xi% S3 33%
Erie 1st pfd l.COO «»:t.\ 6&% 69^4
I Erie 2d pfd 3O0 47>-, 47»4 47^»
Hocking Valley ... 100 80 Vi t*0^ 80
Hocking Val pfd 88
I Iiynois Central ... 1.2U0 143»i 143 143«i
Iowa Central^ 100 26 26 25%
Iowa Central pfd.. * 100 48 40 4«
K C Southern 24U
K C Southern pfd. 100 4fl>£ 46% 4CVi
Louisv & Kashv... 7.200 12H% l'Jlhi 12S>*
Manhattan L 600 Jr»l» 2 154 154%
Metropoi S«»curitles 5.30O fc2H 81% S2
Met Street Ity 4.200 120% 120% 120*g
Minn & St Louis... 54%
MStP&SSM... 1,100 82 81% 81
M BP & S S M pfd 132^1
Missouri Pacific .. 25.100 101% 100% 100^i
Mis Kant & Texas. 5,300 27% 27 27^
M K & T pfd 2.300 66 65% 65V«
Nat R R Mex pfd 39
N Y Central 10,600 132 129% 131%
Norfolk Si West... 5,000 72. 71% 11%
Nor & West pfd 80
Ontario & Western 7.700 85% 85 85%
Pennsylvania 41.400 * 134 Vi 133% 184
P C C & St Louis 71%
Reading 74.700 72% 71% 72%
Reading let pfd 88
Reading 2d pfd 79
Rock Island Co.... 18,100 29%. 29 20%
Rock Island Co pfd 2,600 73% 73% 73
St L & S F 2d pfd. 7,300 62 00% 61%
St Louis B W 2,000 22% 21% 22
Ft Louis 8 W pfd ". 4.900 49% 48 - 49
Southern Pacific .. 27.200 59% 58% 69%
1 Southern Railway . 32.10O 44% 42% 42%
Southern Ry pfd... 400 94% 94% 84%
Texas & Pacific ... »,100 83% ; 32?£ 83%
Tol &t L «• West.. 2no 82 81% 31%
T Et L & W pfd... 1.100 61 50% 50%
Union Pacific 101.600 105- 103% 104%
Union Pacific pfd.. 400 04 91 M%
Wabash 100 20% 20% 20%
Wabash pfd 2.800 42% 41% 42
Wheel & Lake E 17%
i Wisconsin Central.. S0O 20% 19% 20
! Wis Cen pfd ' *«"¦ **%
j Mex Cen 400 14% 13% 14%
Express Companies —
Adams 285
American 100 212 212 210
United Btatee ¦• H«
Wells-rargo 237
Mlsertaneou*—
Amal Copper M6.00 68% «% 63%
Amer C & F 1.20 24 23% 23%
iSK c c4Wf:::' 1 -»-S' IS* !g
iSSS 0 ."..!?:: -m 4 ;« %
Amer Ice pfd MOO 34*4 3*% W%
Amer Lin Oil 11%
Amer Lin Oil pfd .... 30
Amer Loco 1.000 27 26% 26%
Amer Loco pfd ... 600 9«% 96 95%
Anier B & R 8.200 66% 66% 66%
Amer B & R pfd.. 100 106% 106% 106
Amer Bug Ref ... 6.100 132% 132 132%
Araeonda Mln O». 800 102 100 100%
Brook Rap Tran... 48,100 60% 69% 60%
Col Fuel &. Iron ... t,700 87% 36% 86%
Consol Gas 1.600 211% 210% 210%
Com Products 1,600 16% 16% 15%
Ccrn Products pfd. 400 72 .72 71%
Distillers' S*cur .. 4,800 30% 29% 80
Gen Electric 1,500 172 170% 171
Ifcter Paper 500 17% 17%, 17%
Inter Paper pfd 75%
Inter Pump 83%
Inter Pump pfd .-. .... .... 78%
National Lead 1.200 22 22 22%
North American .. 100 94 94 94%
Pacific Mall 600 84% 34% 34%
People'* Gas 1.300-103% 102% 103%
Pre« Steel Car ... 6,400 35-4 35% S5%
Press Ste*l Car pfd R00 81 « 81% 81%
I*ul!man Pal Car.. 100- 227 227 221
Retuhlic f?teel .... 1.300" 12% 11% 11%
Republic Bteel P?d WO 52^ BIJ? 61 «
Rubber Goods 600.21 20% 20%
Rubber Goods pfd.. 83%
Ten Coal & Iron... 6.200 61% 60% 60^
US lather 22. 1 00 10% • 9 £ 10%
U S L-ather pfd . 1.90O PS% 88 8S%
r P-R«dtr ....... 7t» 62% 61% 62%
tt S Rubber ...... 8.100 23% 24 25%
V B Rubber pfd .. 1.400 83% 81% 83
V I Eteel •-• 26.400 19% 18% 19
U S SteM PM .... 63.700 77% 76% 77%
We!t Electric ..... 600 165% 165% 16.V
West Union - ••• 91 %
New York Stock Market,
EASTEIIN' MARIi£TS.
SIMMAUY OF THE MARKETS. !
i
Wall Htreet stocks higher. Cotton j
wealier.
J'air u-atlins on tho KkwI «tot-k ex- ]
t ha list's. '¦
AirivaJ of iT>(;r.,000 from Australia. :
i:\ch:ii!^f and bullion alx»ut the same. I
Hank of California ltoUl» Us annual !
Wheat and Iktrlcy show no material
ch:ui£v.
O;ti>, < orn and II ye as before quoted.
Flour and Miilstufls in average local
dt'Biaud.
Notlilng- nw in Ilay and Fecdstuffs.
Jit-:ii>> lulvancixiff, owing to continued
*-vup dam;jg«'.
I'ot.-i^oes active and stea<Iy. Onions
Bra,
rou|r> and <i:tmc in light receipt and
etmOj.
Vnuiiorrtes dull and lower. Limes de
tlittcd.
LaN!i>var"s Haisin^ reportfd all sold.!
ai«i 1001 <-r*);» lirmer.
l*nines stronger in New York, but j
I*ro\l>ioi^ firm auid In improved de- ]
nil ml.
Wo<i. Hide?* and Hops still strong.
t*att|e. Sheep and Hop in good sup
p».
I iii«j Buttor. Clieese and Eggs well
'•raned tip and firm.
Los Angeles Summary. — Rafin at the close of
the uvek d&raaged beans still in the field un
thrasht-d and some hay and grapes. Rain
benefited pa£tures and field crops.
rain; the fruit is of good size, but the yield
will not be large. Irrigation water is plentiful
in_rno6t places.
Eureka Summary.— Continued warm weather
with tome rain. The grass is much benefited,
bat stacked gram and ftas are somewhat dam
aged. Potntofs are turning out better than
expected. Fall plowing is making slow prog
ress.
Adams Con ZOlLeadviile Con ... 02
Alice 491 Little Chief . Oli
Breece 15IOntario 8 50
Bruns Con ' OCIOphir ...2 45
Com Tunnel 1"! Phoenix 19
Con Cal & Va... 1 £0j Potosi 16
Horn Silver 1 tiu| Savage Xt
Iron Silver ..'... 2 00| Small Hopes 28
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |u S Steel 19
Call loans 2%@3 Do pfd 77%
Time loans 4 @5| Westing Common. 82
Bonds — I Mining —
Atchison 4s 101%| Adventure 3%
Do adj 4s 9<J%IAUouez 13
Mex Central 4s... 68% Amal Copper .... 03%
Railroads — Amer Zinc 13%
Atchison 84 V4 Atlantic 14
Do nfd 100% Bingham 28}i
Boston & Albany. 248% Calumet & Hecla.557%
Boston & Maine. 164 | Centennial 27%
Boston Elev iu'^i Copper Range .... 6111
Fitchburg pfd 137% Daly West 13%
Mex Central 13U Dom Coal 56
N Y, N H & H..183 " Franklin 8%
Pere Marquette. . . 76 Grancy 3TH
Union Pacific 104% Isle Royale 21%
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining .... C%
Amer Arge Chem. 15% Michigan 7%\
Do pfd 77% Mohawk .- 47%
Amer Pneu Tube. 14% Mont Coal & Coke 5\i
Amer Sugar 132% Old Dominion ... 21>i
Do pfd 132 Osceola 89
Amer Te! & Tel.lSS Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 14% Quincy 94
Do pfd 81% Shannon 6
Dom Iron A 8... 14 | Tamarack 123
Kd Elect Ilium. .254% I Trinity 8
Gen Electric 171 U S Mining 21%
Mass Electric 13% U S Oil 10%
Do pfd K Utah 42«i
Mass Gas 42 Victoria 3Ts
United Fruit 103% Wlr.ona 9%
Un Sho*> Mach... 53 (Wolverine 95
Do pfd 31%|
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. S8% N Y Central. 184%
Do for acct... tiSM Xor &¦ Western... 78*4
Anaconda 1T>K Do pfd 93
AtchUon 68% Ont & Western... 80%
Do pfd 102% I Pennsylvania 68%
Bait & Ohio 93% I Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 136 I Reading 37%
Chos & Ohio. 45Ui Do 1st pfd 4+
Chi Great West.. 17% Do 2d pfd B0%
Chi. Mil & St P. 171 So nailway 33%
De Beers 1S% Do pfd 97
Den & Rio G.... SOU So Pacific 61
Do pfd 84% Union Pacific 106«i
Erie 34% j Do Rfd 9fl%
Do lBt pfd 71%|U S SteeL. /19%
Do 2d pfd 4!>U! r> o pfd 70U
111 Central 147%|Wabash 21%
Ixiui* & Nash l."51V,t Do pfd< 43%
M. K & Texas... 28HI Spanish 4s 86%
Bar silver— Steady 2« l-16d per ounce.
Money— 1@1% per cent.
The rat« of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2M per cent and- for three
months' bills 2%#2% p* r cent.
Xew York Mining Stocks.
C.M & SI* ga 4s.lO»'-}!8t Louis SW lsts. 98%
C & XW con 7s.l2S%! Seaboard A L 4s. 80V 4
C K I & Pac 4s. 77 I So Pacific 4s.. 94%
_ Do col 5s fci*4jSo Railway 5s 117%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.lC2 j Tex & Pac lsts.120%
Chi Term 4s 79U] Tol. St L & W 4s. 79%
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 73% Union Pacific 4s. 106
Colo & So 4s.... S«% Doconv4s .....108
C F & I con 5s. 75 US Steel 2d 5s.. 84%
Den & Rio G 4?.100% Wabash lsts .....118
Erie prior lien 4s. 89V Do deb B 64%
Do gen 4a 87% W & L Erie 4s... 91
F W & D C lsta.110% Wis Central -4s... 91%
Hock Val 4%s...lO9 i
NUTS— New Walnuts No, 1 softshell, lie;
No. 2. 9c; No. 1 hardshell. 10%o; No. 2. 6%c:
Almonds 16#17e for Nonpariels. 14@14%c for
I X L. 13Q14c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. 11^13c; Cocoanuts. $4 5OS5; Chestnuts.
10-315C per lb.
\ HONEY— Comb, 11%©13c for white and 10®
llo for amber; water white extracted. 5'i©
6c; light amber extracted, SQ5%e; dark, 8v
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Advices from Fresno report serious damage
to Raisins by the storm. It wm reported yes-,
terday that all the old 1903 stock has ,been
closed out hence the quotations are dropped.
All loose 1904 Raisins have been advanced %c
per lb.
There is no further cbang» In Fruits, which
are well cleaned up, with the exception of
Prunes. Even this Utter fruit is reported
firmer in New York, as will be seen in the,
first column, though the market here Is still
quoted dull. Almonds and Walnuts rule firm..
Honey is steady, and some dealers are report-*
Jng a very 'satisfactory Jobbing demand, wbll*
others report a dull market.
FRUITS— New crop— ApricoU. 7%«10c for
Royals and 9*2 12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6@7%c for. White and 6©0&c for Red;
Peaches, 6%©8%c per lb; Pears. 7©12c:
Plums, pitted. ««6l,c for black. 8®3%a
for red and 7@8%c for yellow; Figs, 2-erown
•bricks, 50c;' 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown. 60c; B
orown, 65c: bulk white. 2%03c; black. 8%o.
Evaporated* Apples, 6%®?c per lb.
PRUNES— l%@l%c per lb for the four sixes
and 2V4c basis for the large sixes.
RAISINS — 1004 crop ¦ f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 Wtf'J;
London Layers. 80c@$l ; Loose Muscatel*. 4
crown. 4®4%c; 8-crown.i 3%@3 T /«c; 2-erown.
3©39ic: Seedless. 2%^2* 4 c; Floated. 3c; Seed
ed. 4©5%c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas, 3%@3%C per lb.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins,. Honey.
Open. High. Low. . Close.
December . ..$1 11 $111 $110% $1,10%
2 p. m. Session.
December — 51 10%. , : ;
OATS — Local dealers report fair sales at un.
changed quotations. Red constitute the great
bulk of the offerings, as for a long tlmf past.
Choice lots of all kinds for seed are firm.
White. $1 37%@1 55; Surprise. $1 50@l 60:
Red for feed. $1 32%@1 45 for No. .1 and
SI 22%(ffl 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42%@1 50; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 50@l 70 for seed.
CORN — Quotations have shown no material
change for weeks. The demand and supply
about balance and the market rules quiet.
Western sacked. $1 4C@1 45 for Yellow. $1 45
for White and $1 40@l 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 40@l 45; small round
do. $1 55®1 62%: White, nominal: Egyptian,
$1 35®1 45 for White ' and SI 25@1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— Quiet and steady with fair offerings
at «1 35®1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEIAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Feed. $1 07%@l 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping, $1 15<gl 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%©
1 22% per ctl. < ~
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. ni.
CASH BARLEY.
Choice bright Feed sells up to $1 12% while
damp lots go fromi$l 10 down to $1 03?;: The
general market range is given below. Futures
are quiet and featureless.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 50@3 50 per
box for Valenctas; Lemons, $2 5093 for
fancy $1 75frL> 25 for choice and $1 25®1 50
for Standard: Grape Fruit. $2 50®3 50; Mexi
can Limes $4@4 50 per case; Bananas. $263
per bunch"' for Central American and 75c©$2
for Hawaiian; •Pineapples. $2 75®3 25. •
CHICAGO. Oct." 11. — Cash quotations were
as follows : Flour, easier. No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 08@l 16; Xo. 3, $1 05® 112; No. 2 red.
$1 O9=i@l 11%; No. 2 corn, 60%@51c; No. 2
yellow, 53%c; No. 2 oats, 28%c; No. 2 white,
31ir4«J32c; Xo. 3 white, 20%c; No. 2 rye, 78e;
good feeding barley, 86c; fair to choice malt
ing, S9S46c: Xo. 1 flaxseed, $1 OS; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 15; mess pork, per barrel,
$11 10@H 20; lard, per 100 pounds, $7 60®
7 52%; short ribs sides (loose), $7 62%fi?7 75;
short clear aides (boxed), $3 23@8 50; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 2G%; clover, contract
grade. S12 25.
Articles — Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,800 . 16,100
Wheat, bushels 165,100 69,600
Corn, bushels 1M.700 114,200
Oats, bushels 319,000 200,200
Rye, bushels 15,000 8,000
Barley bushels 210.700 18,600
Cash Grain and Provisions.
night's closing figures, but some recovery was
made on buying by shorts. After opening 14c
to %c lower at 2SHic to 29 &c December ranged
between 28%@2S%c and 2*J^o and closed at
2OV4cr ":
Provisions were weak early in the day as a
result of heavy selling of January pork. The
market became steadier later on fair, support
from packers. The weakness of corn was a
depressing influence at the . opening. Shorts
were good buyers late in the day. At the close
January pork- and lard were uncljansed at
$12 75^ and #T 40 respectively. Ribs were off
2Hc at $6 65. v . ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Lew. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 1 06^ 1 07% 1 06'^ 1 07%
December ... 1 08% 1 09*4 1 O7?i I CU
May 1 OS% 1 O»<& 107% I 09>4
Corn No. 2 — .
October .... 49%
December ..'. 48 48 14 47% - 48 ft
May 45% 46 45 U 45%
Oatc No. 2—
October .... 28%
December ... 28& 5K»V» £8 T i 29%
May 31 % 31% 81 ii SX%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
October 11 02% 11 10 11 00 11 10
December ...11 15 11 30 U 15 11 25
January .,7.12 WH 12 75 12 55 12 75
Lard per 100 pounds —
December ... 7 32% 7 35 7 82% 7 85
October 7 47% 7 52% 7 47% 7 50
January 7 37% 7 40 7 30 7 40
May ...; 7 4U 7 46 7 35 7 45*
Short Ribs, per 100 pound* —
October . .. . 7 52% 7 60 7 62% 7 57%
January 6 62% 6 B5 « 57% 6 66
May 6 67% 6 72% 6 02% 6 72%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1904.
Continued on Pace Twhr
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
7 5- -HOUSES- -7 5
By order of O. B. Little of Dlx^n. Solano
County, Cal., we will sell 75 MARES and
. GEXJDINGS.. four, to -eight years old, weighing >
from 100O to 1300 pounds. About one-third of
this lot have been handled, part of them have
been thoroughly broken. These horses srs
"eavy-boned. close built and blocky and show
much better breeding than the average horso
Drought to th» auction ring. The owner being
In very poor health and not able to attend to
bis business. Is forced to close them out. •
Sale takes place
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 13. 1904.
; --• - at 11 ». m., at -
J. B. KORAN'S SALES YARDS. TENTH
AND BRYANT STS. San Francisco. CsL
Morses «¦ yard Wednesday. October IX
' " HORD * 8MITH. Auctioneer
£* fe *W
AUCTION SALE
By order of proprietor of the Willow Livery
Stable, on Mission St., between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth. I will sell at public; auction
the entire contents of stable, consUtlog ot 73
rood work, driving and business hones. 10O
different styles of vehicles, such as bustnesa.
top and rubber tire buggies, all kinds of surreyi.
wagonettes. 4-seaters. 3-seaters. carts, light
and express and grocery wagons. SO aets or
single and double harness, whips, robes, btan J
kets. barn fixtures and everything that gees
to make up a first-class livery stable: tMs
stock is In good working condition. - so any
one deslrln* a good horse or vehicle will da
well to wait for thia closing out sale, aa every-
thing must positively be sold; no reserve or
limit: parties retiring from business. Sal*
FRIDAY. OCT. 14. 11 a. m. WM. CLOCGH.
Auctioneer.
£» £?* ft* %
AUCTION SALE af horses, wagons. bu**te a.
harness. WEDNESDAY. October 12. at 11 a.
m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH
STREET. JOHN J. DOYLE. Ancttonesr." A girl is always willing to admit she
is fat. if she doesn't* weigh' more than
110 pounds. Rggfa&jjl
FATHER IS CRUEL.— M.J. White, secre
tary of the California Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, yesterday peti
tioned the court for letters of sruard'ianship
over Albert. Frank and Lydla Ttegel. aged 11
7 and 3 years.* respectively. Their father,'Her
man Tiegel, was convicted on July. 18 of treat-'
in* them cruelly ¦ and was sentenced " to six
months In jail. ' ¦ - -¦
PRISONERS PLEAD GU1LTT-— A. ,R.
Brattcn pleaded fiullty In Judge Cook's court
yesterday to a charge of forc«ry and will be
sentenced on Friday. He stole a bank book
frcm Horace T. - Rutherford on July 11 and
drew $25 from the Market-street Bank, forglns
Rutherford's signature. Both belonged to the
Ccaet Aitillery. William C. nunter plead?d
guilty in Judge Lawlor's court to a charge of
burglary and will be sentenced to-morrow. He
entered tfie residence of J. J. Mack. 2504 Scott
street, on August VJ and stole several . articles
of jewelry.
GO EAST THIS MONTH.
World's Fair Excursion Rates Expire
- . October 27.
. Now is the time to plan your trip Eaat if
you .would go cheaply. :r Liow rates via Southern
Pacific will be offered on only; four, more days
In October— l»th. 20th. 26th and 27th. Round
trip to St. Louts, ffl" 80; to Chicago, $72 CO.
Lrfjw. rates to all points East.
: Make your plans to-day, and don't forget the
choice - of • routes. • stopovers ; and other advant
ages of the Southern Pacific; - Every point fully
explained at 613iMarket street. , '. x ' ;• - ;
Police Have Warrant for Arrest ¦ of
William Webster on Charge of
Defrauding an Inrikceper.
F. B. Pierce, proprietor of \ the
Princeton Hotel, 710 Jones street, pro
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for. the arrest" of
William Webster on a charge of de
frauding an innkeeper. Pierce says
Webster boarded at the "hotel In July
and August and disappeared without
paying his bill of 589 85. • : '¦ ""- -
Webster represented . himself as :' the
son of wealthy parents, and impressed
Pierce with his importance. He always
dressed for dinner, appearing either,
in. a Tuxedo or full dress .suit. His
manners were polished and he was .-a
general favorite.
After Webster left without saying
even good-by Pierce made inquiries
and learned that he had gone to Hono
lulu. Pierce kept track of him, and
new that he has returned Pierce: de
termined to have him ' arrested. De
tectives Dinan and Wren have charge
of the case.
LEAVES HOTEL WITHOUT
PAYING A BOARD BILL
Forecaster Willson Thinks California
Will Now Have Several 'Days of'
Fair Weather.
¦ Forecaster Willson asserts that the
storm center has passed from Califor
nia and 'Oregon across the mountains
to Idaho, Nevada and Montana. The
fringe of the storm," however, was still
hanging over the State last night, and
the indications were that light show
ers might occur to-day *in the region
north of the Tehachapl.
The .barometer ' was at the normal
height yesterday, -while, the tempera
ture was slightly warmer. Off shore
the winds were rather high, but were
subsiding.- During .the early hours of
yesterday, morning, the storm was
most ': severe in San Francisco. The
rainfall in twelve hours was .71 of an
inch. :
x The rainfall for the season ud to
5 o'clock last evening was. 7. 18 Inches.
Last year the rainfall on the corre-'
sponding ' date was .17 of an inch.
fWillson v says the meteorologists are
not yet'- ready '¦¦ to. advance an explana
tion for the existence of the abnormal
conditions. ' ¦•'. ..- ..;.". . .
" From. present I ndica'tions California
should have fair weather for the next'
week or; two. -¦¦¦'¦.
CENTER OF . THE 2 STORM
TAKES EASTERN TRIP
Two Men Rob Saloon.
The saloon of John Smythe at
Grove and Polk streets was robbed at
9 o'clock yesterday morning by two
men, who got away and up to. a late
hour last night had not been caught.
Bernard Smythe, a brother of the pro
prietor of the saloon, was behind the
bar when a stranger entered the side
door and called him outside. Dur
ing his absence a confederate entered
the place and rifled the till of $4 65.
Hand Crushed by Car Wheel.
James McAsey, a teamster residing
at 143 Welch street, had his left hand
crushed by a freight car wheel on
Townsend street, near Fourth, yester
day. McAsey made an unsuccessful
attempt fo board a passing freight
train. He fell and in doing so threw
his hand over the track to break the
force of the fall. The wheel passed
over his hand. At the Emergency
Hospital Drs. Kucich and Godall am
putated half of the member, leaving
him only the index finger and thumb.
Police Commissioners Meet.
At a meeting of the Police Commis
sioners last night the charge of con
ducting a gambling game made
against King & Ward, proprietors of
the New Western and International
hotels, was dismissed. Joseph King,
one of the proprietors, alleged that he
had been bunkoed out of S3500 by
two card sharps and the Cimnv.ssion
ers considered that he had been suf
ficiently punished. Special Policemen
Frank Gillen and M. MIchalsen re
signed because they had. obtained
more lucrative cosition3.
The San Francisco Nursery for
Homeless Children appeals to the char
ity of every San Franciscan. By many
years of hard struggling and close fig
uring the nursery has been enabled to
purchase a city block on Lake street,
between Fourteenth and Fifteenth ave
nues. By donations of building ma
terials, contributions from private
sources, and benefits and '. fairs, the
foundations for an adequate building
have been completed.
This work has called for the. expendi
ture of a larce sum. Before starting
the foundation the nursery had $15,000
on hand. The building is estimated to
cost 535,000, therefore 520,000 more will
be needed before the home can be .com
pleted. The work has come to a stand
still* owing to lack of funds. Meantime,
at the old nursery on Mission street,
the authorities are ' compelled to turn
away*, many applicants daily. The
building is crowded and the nursery is
unable to care for more children, no
matter how urgent the necessity.
It is the desire of the nursery to
equip a large modern building, capable
of housing 150 to 200 children. -There
will be two large dormitories for boyS
and girls, a large room for babies un
der five years, playgrounds, dining
rooms, kitchens, an infirmary, laundries
and baths. £¦
Donations of building materials, trees
and shrubbery for the grounds, in fact,
anything that can possibly be used will
be gladly received. Address all contri
butions to the San Francisco Nursery
for Homeless Children, 1534 Mission
street. There has been an attempt
made to fraudulently collect money in
the name of the nursery. The nursery
has no agents. All contributions should
be sent to the home.
Another turn was given yesterday to
the great legal fight over the proposed
distribution of a portion of Adolph
Sutro's estate. The taking of testimony
upon the petition of Kate Nusbaum
and the other Sutro children, excepting
Dr. Emma L. Merritt, who is oppos
ing them, was ended some weeks ago
and the arguments have already oc
cupied days of time in Judge Coffey's
court. Yesterday was Garret Mc-
Enerney's turn to present the conten
tions of the petitioners, and he had the
case reopened in order to question Dr.
Merritt regarding her father's visit to
Europe in 1S82-83. Attorneys Mc-
Kinstry, Morrison and Silliman, rep
resenting the opposition, asked Mr. Mc-
Enerney to explain the purpose of the
examination and he said that he in
tended to base an argument on the cir
cumstances surrounding the making of
Sutro's will and their bearing upon the
interpretation to be given the trust
clause.
Dr. Merritt evinced some surprise
that Mr. McEnerney should know that
she met her father in Europe in 1883.
She said, however, that she had met
him at London, Paris, Genoa and else
where. She had received letters from
him, but at this late day could not re
member their contents. , She promised
to produce the letters in court. Dr.
Merritt also said that she did not know
that the trustees provided for in . the
will had ever organized or carried out
other provisions of the will.
A statement of the present condition
of the estate was offered in evidence
and at the beginning of his argument
Mr. McEnerney said that the estate
was in such a shape that his clients are
entitled to at least a distribution of
two-thirds of the property not In the
trust or incumbered by the Hibernla
Savings and Loan mortgage.
Mr. McEnerney stated that the prop
erty in ' the trust is worth $768,000:
that subject to the mortgage Is worth
5939,000. and that not in the trust or
incumbered $772,000. Property was re
cently sold for $158,000. and out of that
Dr. Merritt had paid 5100.000 to the
Hibernia Society, reducing - the mort
gage to 530S.500, and the executrix now
has 5108,000 on hand.. This showing,
said the attorney, was enough to prove
that the incumbered property was val
uable enough to pay the mortgage, the
unpaid legacies and all the expenses
of administration.
The lawyer then devoted his argu
ment to the support of, the binding ef
fect of the judgment, in the case of
Sutro against Merritt. in which the
court held that the charity trust was
void. This is the chief point of Dr.
Merritt's resistance, as the other, chil
dren are seeking to break the trust
and secure the rich property Included
in " '^lIBWiWl^WSSS
Tbe Paxaiso Springs are always open. "
For an excellent lunch, table d'hote or a la
carte, with or without wine, visit The Claren
don Cafe, 543 Poet St., opposite Olympic Club.*
City's Homeless Children Re
fused Shelter Owing to
Lack of Accommodations
Attorney McEnemey Re-ex
amines Dr. Merritt as to
Father's Trip to Europe
NURSERY ASKS
CITIZENS' AID
Charged TTlth Assault With a Deadly
Weapon for Attackins Non«Union
3Ian With Pitchfork.
The trial of Joseph Egan. better
known as "Kid" Egan, on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon was on
before a Jury in Judge Cook'a court
yesterday. When court adjourned all
the evidence was in with the excep
tion of that of two witnesses in re
buttal.
"When the attorneys began to ques
tion the Jurors it was asked whether
they belonged to the Citizens' Alli
ance or to a labor union. The Judge
said he would not permit such ques
tions to be asked. The Jurors were
there as citizens and not as members
of any union or alliance. The attor
neys had a consultation and agreed
that each would have the privilege of
asking the question to which the Judge
had objected. The Judge said if It
was agreeable to both sides he would
withdraw his objection.
Egan was one of the striking stable
men and is accused of having attacked
Joel W. Fuller, a non-union stable
man, with a pitchfork near Golden
Gate Park on May 15.
SPRINGS POINT
IN SUTRO CASE
KID EGAX FACES A JURY
IX JUDGE COOK'S COURT
Junk Collectors Surprised.
The men who shout "Rags, bottles,
sacks" were disagreeably surprised
yesterday when a round dozen of them
were ranged up In front of the City
Hall Police Station by Officer Cottle
on the charge of peddling without li
censes. The outer court yard of the
City Hall resembled a route taken by
a retiring army in Manchuria, where
transportation wagons were deserted
by retiring troops.
Owners of the teams were booked.
All furnished bail and promised to
procure licenses without delay.
Stockslaecr Gets Two Years.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday sentenced Guy Xew
ell Stockslag-er to two years' imprison
ment in the penitentiary at San Quen
tin at hard labor and to pay a fine
of $100. Stockslager was convicted
of making plaster molds with intent
to use them in the making of coun
terfeit coins.
William O'Brien was convicted by
a jury of passing $1 silver certificates
that had been raised to denominations
of S10.
C. H. Hansen filed suit against the
American barkentine James Johnson
to recover $729 damages for personal
injuries.
The Outdoor Art League of California
Is making preparations for a benefit
to be' given at the Majestic Theater
next Monday night. The object of the
benefit will be to raise a. good sum for
the prosecution of an educational cam
paign for the beautifying of San Fran
cisco. This city Is well fitted by nature
for transformation into one of the most
beautiful cities of the world and it is
hoped that the money resulting from
the benefit may aid in bringing about
the transformation.
The management and the stock com
pany havl co-operated with the league
to make the performance a success.
The attraction for the evening will be
the dramatization of Onoto Watanna's
book, "A Japanese Nightingale," and
a more fitting play could hardly have
been chosen.
The number of boxes and seats sold
indicates that the theater will be filled
with one of the largest and most fash
ionable audiences that has ever as
sembled in a San Francisco playhouse.
During the next few months the or
ganization intends to start a system
of instruction in school gardening that
will enlist the pupils and teachers of
the public schools i In the work of
adorning the city. The league deserves
credit for the results already achieved
in the beautifying of • Telegraph Hill
and the parking of two blocks on Do
lores street in the vicinity of the old
Mission Dolores.
Among those who have charge of the
work are the following officers, and di
rectors of the league:
President, Mrs. Lovell' White; -first vice
president, Mrs. W. G. Curtis; second vice
president. Mrs. Eleanor Martin; recording sec
retary. Miss Mary G. Gorham; corresponding
secretary, Mrs. Edward F. Glascr; treasurer,
Mrs. Emma C. Martin; tllrrctors — Mrs. Luther
Waeoner, Mrs. C. C. Rledy, Mrs. H. H. Fas
sett. Mrs. Carl'Renz. Mrs. E. P. Schell; con
sulting landscape pardener, John McLaren; lit
erary secretary, Mrs. H. H. Fassett, literary
secretary pro tern, Mrs. M. C. Clark, club his
torian, Mrs. Carl Renz. '.-''¦' ' ". •
Mrs. ¦ A." A. d'Ancona has charge of
the press and publicity department of
the present undertaking.
MAHONY GETS RESPITE.— Ex-County
Clerk Bert Mahony web not ejected from his
home at 2512 Market street yesterday at noon
under a writ of possession secured by hla land
lady. Mahony pleaded for more time so he
could locate another flat, and Deputy Sherlit
Galland considerately allowed him until to-day
at noon to do ao.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract used
and highly indorsed by all leading: hotels. •
MoneB Will Go To
ward Beautlfglng
CitiJ's Highways
OUTDOOR ART LEAGUERS "WHO ARE
INTERESTED IN BENEFIT TO BE
GIVEN AT THE MAJESTIC.
Evidently satisfied to rest their hopes
of participating in the distribution of
Bertha M. Dolbeer's fortune upon the
success or failure of the contest against
her will begun by Adolph Schander. the
Eastern cousins of John Dolbeer, who
filed a contest shortly after Schander,
yesterday dismissed it. The notice of
dismissal was signed by George K.
Wells and Edmund Tauzsky, attorneys.
The contestants, children of John Dol
beer's brother, were Frazier M. Dol
beer, Jane Ann Brown, Alice H. Fern
and Stephen T. Dolbeer. They live in
New York.
If Schander is successful in breaking
the will the Easterners, as helrs-at-law,
would share in the estate.
An order for the taking of six more
depositions in New York for use In the
trial of the Schander contest was made
yesterday by Judge Coffey upon appli
cation of Attorney E. S. Pillsbury, rep
resenting executor William C. Mugan.
The witnesses, who are to be exam
ined orally on October 21, are Joseph
Roller, J. Turnbull, T." S. Rumney, W.
H. Barse, Elizabeth H. Horan and
Catherine Lee. Barse is manager of
the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, where Miss
Dolbeer met her death.
Before fixing the date at October 21
Judge Coffey listened to a lively con
troversy between Attorney Albert M.
Johnson and Alfred Sutro, representing
Mr. Pillsbury.' The latter wanted the
depositions taken on. November 2,
which is the date of the commencement
of the trial here. Mr. Johnson urged
that they be taken immediately after
the depositions of Witnesses Popendlck
and Miss Pflugel of the steamship
Deutschland on October 21. Johnson
said that his brother Hiram had gone
to New York last Saturday to be pres
ent at the taking of the deposition of
the Coroner and detectives on the 13th
and would remain to take the others,
but would have to return here in time
for the trial, whereas the other side
could have a representative in New
York at the later date— a disadvantage
for the contestant's attorneys. Con
sidering/that the proponents had been
anxious to hurry the case to trial,
Judge Coffey thought, for the con
venience of the other side, they should
stipulate for the taking of the deposi
tions at the earlier date. Mr. Sutro
refused to make such a stipulation, so
the court made an order. It is under
stood that an application for other
depositions will be made by Mr. Pills
bury.
Executors Obtain Order to
Take Testimony in New
York City on October 21
SIX MORE DEPOSITIONS
Eastern Relatives of Bertha
JL Dolbeer Abandon the
Attempt to Break Will
ONE CONTEST
IS DISMISSED
ART LEAGUE PLANS
TO RAISE FUNDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;CALl; WEDNESDAY^&CrOJSEK 12, 1904
14
SPECIAL SALE OF
We have imported direct from the manufacturer a complete new
stock of fine and medium grade Linens, which will be sold at very
low prices. The patterns are all the latest, in floral and conventioral
designs.
Round Cloths.
- A special importation of exclusive round patterns for rouid
tables. These Cloths are fine heavy Satin Damask and the pit-
terns have never been shown before. ... ¦
2-yard Cloth each $5.OO
2^-yard Cloth each S6.5O
2^-yard Cloth each $S.OO
Napkins to match at §7.5O dozen.
Irish Linen Cloths.
Good heavy satin finish, pure linen Irish Damask, in 10 nev
and beautiful designs; will give excellent service.
2 yds. long $2.5O. 2V2 yds. long §3.25. 3 yds. long 93.73
Napkins to match, $ 4 -OO dozen.
Belgian Damask Cloths.
These Damasks are entirely new and a fine, durable make oi
linen. The patterns are the latest "Art Nouveau," making a.
handsome, showy dinner cloth.
2V2 yds. long ?5.50. 3 yds. long ?7.OO. , . .
Napkins to match, $7.04) dozen. _ v
Dinner Sets.
We are showing many handsome styles in fine Dinner Sets,
2 l /i yards wide up to 5 yards long. These are among the best
Linens imported and the designs are most attractive.
Prices range from $12.00 to $40.00 per set.
German Napkins.
100 dozen fine, heavy double Damask German Linen Nap-
kins, full dinner size; 8 different designs.*
These Napkins have sold for $6.50 dozen, but we will now
close them out at $3.50 per dozen.
Irish Linen Napkins. § |
200 dozen all-linen Irish Linen Napkins, full size. Will wear
and wash well. 93*00 dozen.
Embroidered •^^^^^^^^"¦^¦'^^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦^¦^^^^^¦¦¦¦¦¦^^^^^^-^ U/0hK'e
Llnem. WCDD S
We are show- Tnu/olc
Ing a full v / lUWCia.
assortment of if Pi^fy%A An £r% /* A Urff- new
new and $1*5 g Wjr$ffl& IS* stock of th»
b e a utlfully V Jl *f ///? tW M e* celebrated
hand «m- J/J^f* )T»N * Webb-» Daw
b r o 1 dered llgyf^fiuL^J'A -^m. Bleached
Irish Linen * /*' / / hcra stitched
pieces in ev- . .__.. 4 j0 J Towelg
pry size and ' >iC0 RPCfi^A«, &w» ffSyAvf »' n d
Cloths. Tray IW * djjgSi^Z^V J ders i a p £f a
Cloths, Scarfs, -^ hu c k a. a d
Doylies and ...... _. —^ fancy weaves
Suare ce^r 1 1 1 tO 1 2 1 POSt Street g|5 «*?.
pieces. * 12.00 Do,.
. . , ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ ¦ ¦
Grocer's Honor
When you ask your grocer for Ghirardelli's
Ground Chocolate or Breakfast Cocoa, have you
enough faith in him to know that he won't
attempt to foist on you or your child cheap
•. imitations? If he is an honest man he will give
you the D. Ghirardelli Co.'s preparations. He
knows that they are what you want; what you
have always used; what created your preference
for chocolate and cocoa to coffee and tea. If he is
serving your interests conscientiously he will give
you D. Ohirardelli's brands.
On the other hand : if he is indifferent to your
wants, if the few cents extra profit will reconcile
him to betraying your trust, he will try to give
you cheap imitations of D. Ghirardelli's Chocolate
and Cocoa. Of course he risks the loss of your
custom by misrepresentation, for the groceT who
carries a counterfeit stock is a menace to the health
of the public.
There are hundreds of honest grocers— there are
some others; Is yours among the others?
The genuine D. GlnrardellVs Groimd
Chacolater is packeci in patented
hermetically sealed cans.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JL lUPHOLSTERED
1 PARLOR FURNITURE |"
The charm of these models lies chiefly in their absolute pur-
ity of design and sturdiness of construction. Individuality in
every single piece gives it a distinct value that the discerning
will always recognize. Considering that this Furniture is of the
finest and most exclusive type, the decisive price reductions to
which it has been subjected make it a tempting bargain. We
merely suggest the scope of the gathering:
T.nmfP-EOOM SET. TWO PIECES — BSAXCOOAZTT.
¦» i—. wjM nihonnv mamilflc^ntly Lined off In metal: very pretty example
3^ <^^.pt>o?fte^rPre^r 1^;^r r modern uphol 8 tery; *115. $72.00
$125. K*m5val Sale PrJce £35Q QQ Removal Sale Price *' tUU
,„_ « « -rrnrt a wr SOT A. Upholstered French cut velour, J95.
SOLID MAHOOAirr SOFA. Removal Sale Price flO
Upholstered French velour: an odd ; *OUUU
la^Prl^ 50 I>m ° V * 1 $17500 KAEOaABT DXVAS.
Upholstered In sllk-stiiped Dresden
aCASOOAXTT 3-PrECE SET. tapestrr; $65. Removal JAR. 00
Sellable for «lttin«-room where service Sale Price srrvww
la required; covered with 2?T OTEBSTUPPED SO7A.
qaette: $140. Removal <M Q5-00 Upholstered In red. small pattern ve-
Sal« Price ¦. VIWWVW jour: $50. Removal Sale 0QC HH
KAXooAxrr ktcepxioh-boom **<* * gj " w
SET. OTZBSTurruB BOFA.
Two pieces; m&ol«tered to «!»: *1*>. TJphol-tered la cream colored Dresden
!^?.. s ?!:.r?~::::. $102-00 aSTpw« *.:....^T. $30-00
CO&OHIAX. DAV1OTF0BT. Upholstered English velvet; COC ftf)
Ja solid rsahocany; hand carved claw 3.10. Removal Sale Price.. . * tJUW
feet; npbolrtered dull shades green _ * . .. JLU «—•.-•—
velour; S12S. Removal $ 1 flf) fin GOLD EECETOOH CHAIB.
Eale Price 9 I UU-UU Upholstered In blue cut velonr; *14.
Removal SaJe Price CJ1 1 CfJ
TEBIE-PTCCI aCASOOAXTT *' I3U
2CABQ1TSTBT STJIT. GOLD BSCEFTXOV CHAIB.
tCt&oletercd in silk; small pattern: Upholstered In rose silk tapestry: (16.
JIM. KemovaJ Sal« Price JQC QQ Removal Sale Price S1 0 00
=CARPEfS=
at prices that positively cannot be equaled elsewhere for low-
ness. It is the beauty and exdusiveness of this display, combined
with the broad range of colors and patterns, that make 'it so at-
tractive to those seeking floor coverings. There are Carpets of
every variety, quality, weave and make, in neat designs, and more
striking ones — all handsome. Involved in the collection are the
new Fall season's most favored styles, reduced to the same de-
gree of lowness that marks our entire stock. The items below
are an index to the values:
AXMTXSTERS — A large line of these BODT BRUSSELS — This fine service,
excellent floor coverings: able quality carpet in choicest color-
S2.(KV— Removal Sale Price $1.25 Ing*; $1.50. Removal Sale *1 QC
$1.50— Removal Sale Price $1^00 Price V I *fcw
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— In unexcelled TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— A Rood, ser-
assortment; $1.10. Removal QHr* vieeable carpet; 85c. Removal gKfi
Sale Prfc* ...T " UC Sale Price OJU
INLAID LINOLEUMS
$1.75 — r In Imitation Hard •) Removal Sale Price 81.60
$1.65 — J Wood Patterns, }¦ Removal Sale Price 81.35
$1.50 — I Tiles and Mosaics J Removal Sale Price j.SI.35
Other grades of Linoleums 55c a yard and upward.
Deliveries are planned to your ,
'convenience- We send purchases
at once or during the holidays.
649 <4 65lL MAR KETST kearny
? MARKS BROS. '
Our Special
WEDNESDAY
SALE.
PRICE:
Waist like cut comes in a variety of
Autumn Colors in pretty figured designs.
Weil Made, Stylish and Desirable.
Winter Weiqht\™ a J ot of
O Waists are
Waists 65c 00</ 9 p 5c \f
H ii ¦¦¦¦¦ i ¦! i ¦ i UBS* t /* 0 T T y
Scalloped Front ornamented with Si k
Buttons. Neat Stock, Full Sleeves.
85c\ WlU buy Waists that are the
very choicest in style and co/-
onng. They'd be good Sellers at $1.25.
chicwwsts ™«r:i$.
Qt\n grade quality La-
¦ *' dies' Cloth, in all
the Leading Shades. Full Graceful Front
All-Wool Waists &»£
¦¦¦:'¦¦ sue, vmw
uts. Yoke, Box Plait and Stock taste-
fully Pioed in Black.
Flannel Waistsl/f^'^
¦ &1 4-% finished with
g/ '^^ Hair fine Tucks,
giving a lull blouse effect Back trim-
med with hairu'ne tucks to correspond
with front. ' These Waists are worth $2.
French Flannel\^' I '^
Waists $1.95 ?"*¦. *»*-
-¦ - - fully trimmed
in fancy braid, forming a deep shoulder
effect - Box Plait and Stock trimmed to
match. A splendid $3.00 Value.
Send in your r.ame and we'll, man free
.our tall and winter Mail Ord'r Book.
MARKS BROS.
'The Home of Honest Values '¦
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
ADVKRTISEMKXTS.
C^-, ) Record
OlieeS(BreaKiiig I
) Values; ,'¦
jS .- 35 & 40c Coffees I
Quality . y
are so good that |
you will want more. I
Fresh Coffees m
15, 20, 25, 30 cts. j
. We are giving |
Free |
Double Premiums. |
Come early |]
just to look. [j
Great American Importing Tea Co. 1
Money Saving Store. y
861 Market 21-1 Butter 27.T2Hth M
, 140 Sixth 21O Grant av« H19 Pollt *
475 Haleht 1819 Devisadero 7»5 Larkin I
3285 Mission 3<X!« Sixteenth l!tt Ninth 1
2COH Ftlimore 521 MontK*y ava S!« Hayes 3
36H Third 2510 Mission S2 Market I
4C1> Fouitli 2Cg Third • fc-J
(P^ E B B I f^ AmmnnlUorv Hunting mad
M Bi Rafl \J* Sportins Good* Larsest
¦ ¦I B g\i «tock. Lowest price*. SeaU
%P g \ shkev"e° aTbajrjeeh co..
Iww^tes: ' I::a Market »t. and tXX