THE WEATHEK.
Foreea*t isad* at E*a Fraseisew for
tMrty hoars, endlnr Dhlntstt. Octo
ber =0. 1304:
San Frmseiaeo and vicinity — Fair
ThcrwSay. b«cersi=* eleudy and prob
ably coeler In the afternoon and nlgfct;
lisht northeast winds, chassis* to
w*«terly.
A- G. McADEE. District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 142.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1904.
Penniless Robledo s. Wife Ob
tains a
His Riches Mythical
SALONICA. - European ' ; Turkey, Oct.
1?-— Popstamat, - a "notorious, Bulga
rian m agitator, was . murdered ' here ' yes
terday evening , while '; walking!' along
the" principal street ".The murderer
escaped.
Bulgarian Agitator 3Iurdered.
The new Premier is prevented by
illness from discharging the functions
of his office, and Interior Minister MI
racca will temporarily preside over
the Council of Ministers.
LISBON, Oct. 13.— A new p r ogres- j
eive cabinet, succeeding the Ministry
¦which resigned Monday, was con
stituted to-<lay as follows: Premier,
Luciano Castro; Minister of the. Inte
rior, Perriera Miranda; finance, Senor
Espregtiira; foreign affairs, Senor VIII
hica; Justice, Senor Alpoim; marine,
Senor Mareia; war. Sebastlo Pelles.
Litcinno Castro Now Premier of
the Mini-try at
Lisbon.
PROGRESSIVE CABINET
FORMED IN PORTUGAL
DRESDEN, Oct. 19.— With cannon
booming and volleys of musketry out
side and. with Emperor William, King
Frederick August. , Archduke Francis
Ferdinand and other royal person
ages, courtiers and dignitaries standing
about the . catafalque bearing the re
mains of thi late King George of Sax
ony was tc-night slowly lowered into
the vault* of the Catholic court
church. When the red velvet cov
ered casket beneath the black.' bald
achin was no longer visible a mighty
choir composed bf church arid "oper
atic singers \ burst ' forth with "Salve
Regina."
The court : preacher. Dr. Kumm'ers.
spoke * - feelingly ; of the late King
George's heroism' In suffering, whtch.
he said, more than . doubled the lau
rels won In war. by this' soldier-Kins.
Many Royal Personages, Including the
German Emperor, Attend Fun
eral at Dresden.
PARIJONG, Tibet. Monday, Oct. 17.
The headquarters of the British Tibet
an force," consisting of two companies
of mounted infantry, is snowbound at
Pari , (a fortress near Boutaip, Tibet.
The command '.marched through Pari
jong Pass in the : midst of a * blinding
snowstorm, during which it went into
camp.
Two men died during the night
The snow is drifting and the road has
been ; obliterated. " which may '. compel
the force f to remain here for some
time. •
Some Time on the "Roof of
the World."
May Be Compelled to Remain for
BRITISH TIBETAN FORCE
IS BLOCKADED BY SNOW
BODY OF f KIXG GEORGE
OF KAXOXT IS ENTOJIBED
It xras the pirates In the West River,
rear Canton, -who, as reported In a
dispatch from Shanghai, attacked the
British steamers -Pak Kang and Hoi
Ho on the niffht <x£ October 17, causing
the British authorities to send a gun
boat to the scene of the attack-
by a strong north wind and
the temperature dropped to 41 de
grees above zero. , A terrific storm
swept over Dickinson County and
at' Industry and near Nfles»|tn
Central Kansas* hail smashed
windows and ruined orchards and
alfalfrf. " ' ' ' \. ¦"" : '¦ <-:^ '
Oct.- 19.— Snow fell
to a depth ,, ranging ' from two
inches* to , a foot" in the Colorado
and ¦: Wyoming mountain regions
during the - storm . that '•' has j now
passed to the east. The weather
is «dear to-day,; and • the snow » is
fast disappearing. 8H9
KANSAS, CTTY, Mo., Oct. 19.
Snow and hail fell to-day
in Western Kansas, driven
WHILE cold winds are
blowfng . and snow is
fallins in other parts of
the land the weather is
ideal in California. In all the
territory from San Diego to : SIs^
tiyou the temperature yesterday
did "not" fall , belmy 58 decrees/ ¦ In
Sain . Francisco the thermometer
registered TO. Light breezes were
blowing all day 'and*, in . the ; "air
was the languor of . perfect ¦ sum
mer. The Weather Bureau two
day* . ago .warned eastboimd^trav
elers jof coming cold. This State
will have warmth ; and sunshine,
with occasional showers, ; for « thA
rest of " the month, according ; to
Forecaster, McAdie.
Balmy Airs and Bright
Skies California's Lot
Missouri and Colorado/
Are in Winter's Grasp
AND YET WE SOMETIMES GRUMBLE
MRS. HUGH TEVIS SAYS '
SHE IS NOT TO MARRY
PAXIC OCCURS AT BIER
' OF THE SPAXISH IXTAXTA
Western Beauty Passes Through Lon
don in Company With Hart
MeKee. '
LONDON. Oct. 19.— A- H^rt McKee
and Mrs. Huglv Tevis passed through
London last we-k on their . way to
Egypt. The latter informed a friend
in London ; that 'she • had * no intention
of getting 7 married.' .
Women and Children Trampled Under
Foot to Ra»l» to View the
Remains.
PARIS. Oct. 19.— The Temps' cor
respondent at Madrid telegraphs that
»' panic -. occurred when the crowd,
number^? 50.000 : persons, was ad
mitted to" tha Royal chapel of the pal
ace yesterday to view the remains of
the Princess of Asturias. Women and
chCdren.were overthrown and tram
pled under foot. The palace guards
made several charges against the
crowd, finally gaining the mastery and
driving it back. A number of persona
were ' injiued» ~:
Steamship Virginia Lake Safe.
I ST. ; JOHN, N. F.. v Oct. 19.— Th»
Labrador mail ; steamship'. Virginia
Lake." ; concerning, which there .has
been much anxiety.: is safe.- She was
detained. by the< severe; hurricane that J
swept the coast of Labrador last week. [
The damage done by th« hurricane J
waa.very greaL ., i
SHANGHAI, Oct. 19. — According to
well-Infomed Chinese, the Welfe So
cieties of Bandits In the western part
cf the Province of Kwangtung are
amalgamating with the object of rais
ing a revolt in. Canton and other parts
cf the province. It is believed that
these bandits have allied themselves
¦with the West River pirates.
Comblae WiUi West River Pirates to
Raise Disturbance in Canton and
Other Parts of Province.
KWAXGTCXG BANDITS ARE
PREPARING FOR REVOLT
NEW HAVEN. Conn^ .Oct. 19.—
Preliminary figures of the registration
of students in the various department*
of Yale University^ were given out to
day. ; The total number of students
enrolled at present is 2995, -this being
the largest number . in the history of
the university.
Record Registration at Tale.
HAVANA. Oct. 19.— Anxiety is felt
here for the safety of the Spanish
Royal Mall steamship Buenos Ayres,
which left New York October 13 and
is now T nearly three days overdue at
this port. -;The Ward line steamship
Morro Castle, from 'New York, -which
arrived this j afternoon, reports > having
had a rough voyage. She did not
sight the Buenos Ayres.
Report of Heavy Weather Adds to
Anxiety Felt for Safety of
Spanish Vessel.
RENO, Nev.. Oct. 19.— About 4 o'clock
yesterday afternoon William Hamilton
made a desperate attempt to murder
hi3 wife and child at the Briggs House
at Carson City. The husband and wife
had had family troubles . before and
agreed to separate, he taking the child.
While all three were in one of the
rooms yesterday he quickly locked the
door. Then drawing a revolver he told
her that he meant to Mil, her and . the
child and then commit suicide, and that
If she should ' scream it would only
hasten the end. She became hysterical
and a fierce struggle ensued, in which
she got possession of the revolver, and.
by a lucky throw, hurled It through the
transom. He then began to choke her.
The little girl screamed and assistance
came Just in time to save her life. The
dcor was battered down and Hamilton
taken to jaiL *
He wrote three letters before the en
counter with his v wife. 'In one j to ¦ his
mother he told her of the crime he was
about to commit- X° the Coroner he
explained that It was a case of murder
and suicide.
The discovery is an interesting side
light on the growth of New York.
Where the wood3 stood . which hid the
moonshiners a auarter of a century
ago Is now the most densely, populated
block in the city.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Old residents
of the section of the city which former
ly was known as Lower's Wood, cen
tering in what is now West Sixtieth
street, remember in their childhood
having: been terrified by tales that the
woods were haunted. When they grew
older they heard vaguely of the ex
istence of | a moonshiner's still hidden
In a cave near the river, but when ex
cavators to-day found the still with
the remains of old copper retorts and
worms Its existence had been gener
ally forgotten.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. IS. — Braving
the possibilities of contracting small
pox, Mrs. Eva Lyons; a widow, was to
day married to Frederick Mehern, who
Is critically 111 with the malignant dis
ease at the Municipal Hospital. Four
miles away from the pesthouse Magis
trate McCIeary said the words over a
telephone that tied the nuptial knot,
while the bride was sitting by the
bridegroom's cot. The magistrate read
the ceremony and his words were re
p-ated by Superintendent Morgan at
the hospital end of the telephone. When
the questions of love and devotion were
reached the magistrate asked:
"Do you swear to keep her in sick
ness and in health?**
The dying man's proxy repeated the
Question to Mehren.
"I wllL" he replied through the trans
mitter, loudly enoagh for the magis
trate to hear distinctly.
Special DUpatch to Th« Call
STEAMSHIP BUENOS j AYRES
IS OVERDUE AT HAVANA
Special Dispatch to Th« Can.
VIENNA, Oct. 19. — Otto Taussig,
who absconded on October 11 at about
the time his brother, Victor, head of
the firm of S. Taussig & Co.. commit
ted suicide, has been arrested in the
Canary Islands. Otto is charged with
having carried off $140,000 of the
firm's money. .
Viennese Absconder Captured.
Woman Braves Smallpox and
Knot Is Tied by Phone.
Delvers Find Old-Time Plant
of Moonshiners. .
"STILL" UNDER
NEW YORK CITY
WEDS PATIENT .
IN PESTHOUSE
Nevada Man Writes
Coroner of His
Purpose,
ROME. Oct. 13. — Visitors to the
Vatican speak with enthusiasm of the
beauty of the work of restoration in
the library of the Sistine Chapel, which
has just been reopened to the pub
lic The damage done by the fire of
last year has b«en repaired and meas
ures have been taken to prevent a simi
lar occurrence.
The old wooden roof of the library
has b«(?n replaced by one of stone,
vMcb serves as the floor of a terrace
overlooking one of the most beautiful
views of Rome. The Sistine Chapel,
from which the scaffolding has been
removed ence more, discloses the mar
velous creations of Michael Angelo. It
is said that these will now last two or
three centuries longer.
Visitors to Vatican Find All Traces of
Fire Removed and Beauty of
Historic Place Unimpaired.
LONDON, Oct. 19. — At the offices
here of the Cunard Steamship Com
pany the rumor published in America
that the steamship Slavonia had sunk
off the Spanish coast is entirely dis
credited.
The Slavonia, it is pointed out,
passed Gibraltar on October 11 and
th» officials cannot see how she could
be anywhere in , the neighborhood of
the Spanish coast. The vessel is due
at New York on October 22. «
Cunard Company Confident the Ves
sel Will Arrive Safely at *
New York.
EISTINE CHAPEL LIBRARY
IS REOPENED TO PUBLIC
DISCREDITS THE RUMOR
OF *THE SLAVONIANS LOSS
Shortly after their marriage it be
came apparent to the bride Out her
husband's riches were more mythical
than reaL About a year a«o Robledo
secured a position with aa insurance
company, where he is at present.em
ployed.
Three - rears of marital troubles of
Jose Miguel Robledo and his handsome
wife, Charlptte Robledo, culminated
yesterday in Judge Graham's court
when the Judge granted the prayer of
Mrs. Robledo for a divorce from her
husband. Few of the friends of the
former society belle. Charlotte Gasb
wiler, knew that she was seeking & di
vorce from her husband, although it
was susplcloned that fcr a number of
months they had not been Irving hap
pily together. Yesterday Mrs. Robledo
told on the witness stand of the con
tinued neglect of her husband/and how
she had finally been compelled to re*
turn to her relatives for support. la
her story of Cl treatment she was sup
ported by the testimony of her" brother
and there being: no refuting evidence
introduced by the husband the court
unhesitatingly granted a decree of sep
aration for the plaintiff.
The announcement of the «ngafe
ment of Miss Charlotte Gasa-wriler, who'
is the sister of Mrs. Sazncel M. 3hoct
ridg*. to Senor Robledo. three years
ago caused Quite a 'flutter in local so
ciety. The maniacs was quietly' sol
emnized In the apartments of tha
bride's mother in the Colonial Hotel on
January 15. 1301. and later Mr. and Mrs.
Robledo journeyed southward to Gua
temala, where it was supposed that her
husband was interested tn large coffee
f*n>-M« Robledo had be*n introduced
in San Francisco as the son of a
wealthy Spanish don of -Barcelona, who
had removed with - his family and
wealth to Guatemala. Frequent trips
to this dry were made by yousx Ro
bledo and it was on one of these jour
neys that he met and wooed Mlsa
GashwHer. They first met at a social
gathering at the Occidental Hotel and
it was at that hostelry that the pros
pective husband one afternoon publicly
announced the engagement.
TRIES TO
KILL HIS
FAMILY
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 19.— Before the
Illinois Bankers* Association to-day
W. B. Ridgeley, Comptroller of the
Currency, Washington, D. C-, deliv
ered an address on "Bank Examina
tions and Failures," In which he said:
'"No national bank whose officers
strictly obeyed the national bank act
ever failed— not one. It may almost
be said that not one which did not
make loans in excess of the 10 per
cent limit has ever failed. The prac
tically universal rule Is that all fail
ures are due to * excess loans to one
Interest or group of interests, general
ly-owned or controlled by the officers
of the bank itself."
So Says Comptroller of the Currency
\V. B. RIdgeley in Address Be
. fore Illinois Association.
NATIONAL 'BANKS ARE SAFE
IF OFFICERS OBEY THE LAW
S0C1ETT TVOltAJf WHO OBTAIXEI>
A DIVORCE FROM SCIOX OF
ANCIENT SPANISH F A VTT.T. - ¦'¦
odds approached eveas»,It-,waa thought
that even money ;... would bs bet during
the day on the contest for '"GoVernor*
but there was a preponderance : of
Democratic - funds. The odds . closed at
10 to 9 on Judge Herrick. !
Fred Brooks played $1000 to $300 "oil
Herrick with. C. L. Wadsworth. and J.
L. McCormick had $1000 which he could
not place on Herrick at evens. Several
fair-sized wagers at 10 to 9 on Herrick
were reported.
Some of the 4 to 1 bets on President
Roosevelt were: Allen and McGraw,
$2000 to $300 with Max Berg and $2000
to $500 with a customer of Pomroy
Bros. On Exchange H. G. Henning bet
$10,000 to $2500 on general results.
Fred H. Brooks, betting commis
sioner, said to-night that Senator Mc-
Carren had given him a commission to
bet $3000 to $3000 that Parker would
carry New York State against Roose
velt, and to bet any part of $10,000 at
the same terms. -':.*"
In the contest between Herrick and
HIggins for the Governorship, Tam
many money began to come 'out as the
NEW- YORK. Oct. as.— Election, bet
ting odds did not change to any ma
terial txtent to-day, although it was
apparent that Republican betters were
eemewhat more willing to goffer Ddfls
of 4 to 1 infavoret; President Roose
velt, Such wagers were made on Tues
day, but the bets were few in number,
and doubts were expressed as to the
stability of the terms. To-day there
was no disguising the fact that the
Parker supporters . were demanding
such odds and that Republican bettors
were willing to offer them.
The odds on President Roosevelt are
now 2 to 1 that he will carry New York
State. C. R. Hammerslough, a curb
broker, offered $10,000 to $5000 to that
effect during the entire day without
takers.
Special Dispatch to The Call
JUDGE GRAHAM yes
; terday granted Mrs.
Charlotte Robledo, a
former society belle, a di
vorce from her husband,
jyvho.was heralded in San
Francisco several years ago
as the son of a rich don of
Barcelona. The. pretty bride,
however, soon learned that
her husband was .penniless,
and, failing to induce him to
work, she returned to her
mother's home.
Republicans Accept One to Two on Roosevelt's
Chance of Carrying New York.
WAGERING ON VOTE
OF EMPIRE STATE
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 19. — A repe
tition of the recent attempts to de
stroy the battleship Connecticut, as
part cf the programme of a plot
s.gz:r.n the United States navy, is
feared at Cramp's ship yard, and the
Governme-t has taken precautions.
A detail of marines was sent to-day
to the ship yard to guard the armored
cruiser Pennsylvania, which is receiv
ing the finishing touches, preparatory
to the builders' triaL
On the ways are the armored cruiser
Tennessee and the battleships Idaho
and Mississippi.
With the regularly detailed watchers
employed by the Cramp Company, the
dartres will pay especial attention to
the Pennsylvania and Tennessee.
This is the first time in the history
©£ either the Cramp's or the League
IsXaria navy" yard that marines have
gruinied ships In course of construe-'
ticn. .""*•. .'.¦ "'' •.->*¦'
NETW YORK. Oct. 18.— Plans are
ccciplete for the speed trial of the
new protected cruiser Colorado on Sat
urday off Cape Ann. Captain Day
ten, president of the 3oard of In
spection, and Naval Constructor "Wood
ward will be aboard the vessel.
Although she went into drydock on
Uer-day afternoon the Colorado is now
practically ready. Her bottom has
be«n thoroughly scraped and given
three coats of arra-corrosive and antl
fculing soap. The cruiser should, ac
cording to the builders* contract, show
a speed of twenty-two knots.
Special Dis^arca to The Can.
Recent Attempts to Destroy Battle
ship Connecticut May Be
Duplicated.
Lester Scheenk ventured into one
room of the house to recover property
and was overcome by. the dense volume
of smoke.' He fell to the . floor and
would probably never have been found
had not Robert Harrison accidentally
stumbled over the prostrate form. The
boy soon revived when borne out-
The fire was checked before It did any
considerable damage to the trees of the
experiment station. The Ios3 to build
ings and Improvements is $4000.
Santa Monica Canyon, one of the
prettiest" places in Southern California,
was desolated. Many ranchmen lost
their aH.-*- WUUam Wright's - housed
barn and 600 .tons of ha.y were de
stroyed.*: The blaze, driven; by a strong
wind, leaped even to the summits of the
Santa ' Monica ; Mountains, ; affording' a
spectacular " sights | The -flames have
broken out in more places to-night and
the danger is great.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19. — A forest
fire that is still raging in Santa Monica
Canyon and near the Soldiers* Home
has done great damage, sweeping over
50,000 acres and leaving not a vestige
of . vegetation. Across its path lay the
Government's experimental forestry
Station. Here were huddled the resi
dence, barn and outbuildings. William
Shutt and his young son, Vincent,
were at home and for a time success
fully fought back the flames, but grad
ually they gained on them and the
buildings were all destroyed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, OctJ; 15.— The bodies of
paupers wher die in Multnomah County,
it Is charged, are: worth $22 50 to Su
perintendent Courtney of ,the poor
farm. Through ."objection made by
the poor farm superintendent to a "post
mortem examination on the bodies of
two men, who. died -at the farm Sun
day, the fact wag "'brought out that he
has been trafficking in the bodies of
the . dead."-. For every body supplied to
the Medical Co-llege of the University
of Oregon it Is said that he has been
receiving $10.
It is further alleged by one of the ex-"
pressmen, who had the actual hand
ling of a number of bodies, that Court
ney has supplied' the Medical College
with the bodies of persona dying in the
city, for the disposition" of which, he
received 510 from the County Commis
sioners in every instance.
"It is ; true that ;*, we paid Courtney
$10 for such bodies," said 'Dr. -'Joseph!,
president of the ' college. "We* had to
give him an incentive to look . out for
such matters In order that \we might
know; when to hand in requisitions.
Formerly, our janltorvattended' to- bury
ing the, dissected .b^ie*? 'Courtney ob- :
iectetT to however, * saying* the
graves •*8hould1'be ; of a r uniforni width'
and • depth,* and has attended to their
burial himself. 1 .What he received from
the janitor I 'do,' nor know." |
For every body, sent to, the poor farm
from the City Morgue for burial Court
ney has received $10 from the County
Commissioners. . By disposing of such
a body to the Medical College he would
receive $10 additional and also $2 50
from Janitor Boals for burying the
dissected body after leaving the col
lege, making a total of $22 50 in each
Instance.
Special Dtspatca to The Call.
Special Watch Is Being
Kept Over the Cruiser
Pennsylvania.
Afterward Receives Pay for Interring
tha Msectedv Remains in-
Fott^s. Field. :
Fierce Biazs Rages Unchecked and Is
Consuming All That lies in
Its Pith.
Buildings of the Government
Forestry Station Are
Destroyed.
Alleged Disposal ol City's
Dead tapa Medical- f
College.
Fears lor the Saiety
ol Four New
TTT 1 •
Warships.
¦
JCEW YORK, Oct. 19. — Riotous scenes this morning- at the "naturaliza
tion bureau" at George W. Morgan, State Superintendent of Elections, 11
Park row, were followed in the aftarnoon by an announcement from Gov
ernor Odell that 1000 lawsuits had been begun to purge the registration
lists of alleged fraudulent voters. Charles F. Murphy, leader of Tam
many Hall, declared that his organization would protect all citizens
arainst "these methods of Republican sandbaggers."
At Morgan's office several persons, including Samuel Prince, Assembly
man from the Sixteenth District, were forcibly ejected. There were many
minor fights on the stairs and in the "street, and eventually a half-dozen
policemen were hurried from the Oak-street Station to quell the disturb
ance.
AH the trouble was said to have arisen from interference with Morgan's
assistants in their work of examining witnesses concerning suspicious nat
uralization papers. It is a requirement of the bureau that every natural
ized citizen, concerning whose status the slightest question has been raised,
must appear for an inquiry, and Morgan has asserted that even after the
election every case of fraudulent voting will be prosecuted. Many of these
were subpenaed and nearly 300 were compelled to leave their j papers for
further inspection. This was the chief cause of indignation.
When Governor Odell made his announcement of the filing of suits he
added:
"We have positive evidence by means of our card system that . many
names were placed on the registry list by fraud. In one election precinct of
a downtown Assembly district we have discovered twenty-five cases, and
we also have discovered that a certain band of eighteen men succeeded in
registering seventy-eight times."
Charles F. Murphy retorted to this last allegation by saying: -
"Perhaps that may be In the Fifth Assembly District, where two of the
Republican leading workers are now before the courts to answer charges
of crimes against the franchise. To-morrow afternoon the Tammany Hall
committee will meet with the executive committee and take every precau
tion to offset this Republican policy of intimidation."
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Flames Sweep Down
Saita Monica
§ Canyon.
Head of the Pdrt-
t land Poor Farm
MARINES
ON GUARD
AT CRAMP'S
(Well Piles One Thousand Lawsuits
to Checkmate Scheme ol Democratic
Leaders to Utilize Illegal Voters
ACRES LAID
WASTE BY
BIG FIRE
TRAFFICS
IN BODIES
OF PAUPERS
TAMMANY FRAUDS IN REGISTRATION EXPOSED
BY GOVERNOR OF NEW YORK
the Tmft*i T * > y*-
ALCAZAS— "Tttm Way <rf tie Warlil'*
ALH A MBRA— Socsas Band, M*tia*«
CAUFORNIA— ~A Texas Steer.** .
CEXTRAL — '"DaTT Cracket."
COLUMBIA — "San TOT." Mtaan t»
cay.
CHUTES— VandffTtng.
FISCHER'S — "Dawn-th* Lte*.**
GRAND — "Arizona."'
MAXESTIC— "A Jijni:vm 2fl*3tta«ata"-
Matins? to-day. -. ¦
ORPHErM— Vaaderin*. Mitiae* to
day. - '" v ,'¦
TTVOU— "Der P««ttt&tad«r.** : •'•*- •
The San Francisco Call.*' i When ; opportunity is measuring your
head she \ win , not take ; In : the bump of
selX-esteera. ' ••:.., -¦.-¦-• " :-• ; . -
To Cure a Cold In One Day r-j
Take Laxative . Bromo > Quinine •" Tablet*. \"AU
draggl»ts - refund th* raon«y - if it falls U «ur».
S. .W. Grove's signature tan euft box, 25c. •
I .NEW YORK, ;Oct/i9."--Generai Nel
son! A./ Miles -galled I on! Judge! Parker
to-day. Later ; he -said: "All ; that ' is
possible is beingdbrie' for Judge Park
er, and, when -the; voters "go to « the
booths Jn the presence of -their {God
alone they ¦ will vote , the • Democratic
ticket, 1 '- / ' -:• :'":y VvAVvO: -¦¦;• i:
Miles . a False ; Pcoplaet.
CROWDS HEAR GILIiETT.
YREKA., Oct. 19.— J. N. Gillett, Re
publican nominee for re-election to
Congress from the First District; J. L.
Coyle, the aspirant .for Assembly
honors ' from th'ls -, district, ; and several
local leaders of .the party addressed ~an
enthusiastic audience of several " hun
dred people at ' Julien's Opera-house
to-night '., The building was N packed.
The Yreka; Railroad; ran out to Mon-;
tague and* brought in a : large \ crowd
from - that, town, accompanied by the
brass .band. There i was, a torchlight
procession to the , place of meeting. . 2Q
•R. J. Nixon, chairman of the County,
Central ; Committee, '*¦ presided. ; R. -'• S.
Taylor,, -the •Republican
leader and. politician of -this;, county,
opened the meeting with a ; short speech
and then . introduced (Jlillet,-- who spoke
for over an hour • to an at ten tly e , and
enthusiastic ' audience. ; '¦ He" devoted '¦"• a
large part "of his speech -to the>ques
tion of protection and! scored "Caminetti
for bis .position', on the; tariff.-,-, >, '¦'_¦¦¦''
x % .... .- . - .
Congressman Discusses Protection ' at
, Meeting in Yreka.
A petition was filed in the Regis
trar's office yesterday that I. Solomon
be placed on the official ballot as an
Independent candidate for Assembly
man In the Thirty-third District.
The Election Commission yesterday
swore in the following named to serve
as election officers: Jacob Stein, clerk
lii Fifth Precinct of the Forty- third
Assembly District; L. M. King, clerk
In Fourteenth of the Forty-first; F.
P. Cole, Judge in First of the Fortieth;
F. J. Symmes, clerk in Tenth of the
Twenty-eighth: L W. Hellman Jr.. Fif
teenth of the Forty-first.
* *
Another. Independent Candidate.
Su-ears In Election Offlwrs.
MILPITAS, Oct. 19.— A grand mass
meeting of the people of Milpitas, who
assembled without' regard to - party
feelings; was held to-night to hear; E.
A. Hayes, the Republican candidate for
Congress in. the Fifth, Congressional
District. Hayes spoke at length on the
necessity of keeping the ¦ present " ad
ministration in power;. of the benefit of
protection to all people, and especially
to Calif ornians; of expansion and what
the opening of the Eastern trade had
done for this coast; of the interest of
the - laboring classes in having the tar
iff upon foreign importations
enough to enable . manufacturers - to
compete. ; He stated that • he * believed
in the employment of white labor in all
business ventures and. that he had
never allowed a Mongolian to .work for
him. His remarks* /were enthusiastic
ally received and many: pronounced
Democrats; publicly .stated that they
.were . fpr r Hayes f or. Congress; .- •".: ;
Hayes was followed in, a speech by
Major; Kyle of San . -Francisco^ who
spoke about the necessity of sending a
Republican j to represent this / State in
Congress," and that only 'such, a. repre
sentative would be • able to\ obtain /ap
propriations and have measures passed
beneficial to the : people of this j section.'
-iS^Michletreei -H: M. '¦¦ Avers. \W.* { H. ;
Rogers and others also ; addressed the
meeting. \ r ; w. .;
Wins Democratic Votes by His Speech
in Milpitaa. '[',
HAYES GAINS FRIENDS.
Let me remind you of the sum of my offend
ing. I have been standing for concerted action
Xij the working classes alone some lines and for
concerted action by capitalists along some
lines. I have wished and still wish to see the
working people of America united In advancing
just industrial conditions, pure government and
th« brotherhood > or ¦ man — united -In seeking to
place the work ' hours . within the limits con
sistent with health and happiness; united In
preventlnr "• waxta from ; falling so low , under
pressure of competition as to depress our stand*
ard of living; united in supporting fair em
ployers ¦. In every . reasonable move, ¦ aad : in op
poeing unfair employers , in every unreasonable
jnov«; united In pursuing lejtslatt&a ttrara-Mt
It-, is far from my purpose, in meetings like
the on« we are holding h«r«, or In any respect
whatever, to inflame workingnien against em
ployers, or to set ¦ the poor against the . rich
who are Justly rich. Many are accusing me of
promoting ill-will between the prosperous and
th» unfortunate, the smiling and the careworn,
the 'strong and the wtnk, but • they • do : me tn-
Jimlii n jiUlM'if", 1 ! IW^w "ij^mii*! ft [111 hn "'''wt'i!
George B. Keane, Republican and
Union Labor- nominee for .'Senator in
the Twenty-third District, and Con
gressman E. J. LIvernash, Democratic
and Union Labor nominee for re-elec
tion from the Foufthv District to the
House of Representatives, :- were the
principal speakers of", the .evening.
Both were enthusiastically^ received.
Mr. Keane first addressed the meet
ing. He said that not .only, wpuld he
earnestly endeavor, to win. his election
in November, but that. after the elec
tion, should he prove, successful, .'he
would always have. before, him the in
terests of the wage-earners. and; plain
people of the city and the State. _ He
would always "stand. up" /or labor; he
said, and ' would .'; never | \ ''starid in"
against the toilers. Prolonged cheers
greeted his remarks.
By way of;fntroductlony Congress
man Livernaih cautioned I his audience
not to believe any calumnies' they, may
hear of -him,' "for," he said, "red gold
has been sent /here ,l>y the national
t>ody Ot the Citizens' Alliance to defeat
me if possible./ It was not. my purpose
a year ago to again run for Congress,
but noT(r I will fight it out , to the end
and I will win." Continuing, he said:
The Union Labor party campaign is
actively, progressing. A large crowd
assembled at Teutonia Hall, Howard
street, near Tenth, last evening to hear
the candidates- the workmen have
nominated and indorsed for. office.
Other speakers during the evening
were:-C. J. Williams, Union Labor
nominee for Congress in the Fifth" Dis
trict; Edward J. Kerwln, who Is "run
ning for the Assembly In the Forty
second; James Bowlan and Thomas r F.
Egan, chairman of the Union Labor
County Committee. , T. C. Ryan, Union
Labor nominee for the Assembly in
the Thirtieth District, was chairman
of the meeting. . .. : ,
to an uplift of life; united in backing in public
life the men who are their true friends, and in
retirin< from public life the men who count
against them; united in cultivating kindness
and in pursuing knowledge. And I have been
standing for concerted action by capitalists and
citizen* in general in whatever it ha« seamed
might, make for human progress; and I shall
go on standing, for It. It Is a grave mistake
to ansiime that meetings like ours are hostile
to the rich who have gained their wealth fairly,
or that we • countenance radicaliam in Industry
or"in politics. • ¦ - • ¦ ••-,.
KEANE WARMLY GREETED
BY UNION LABOR PARTY
The Hayes Republican , Club of the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District was
organized last evening. The following
officers and committees were selected:
President. William J. Ruddlck; first vice
president. George H. Bahrs; second vice presi
dent, George D. Clark; secretary, Sol Bloom;
assistant secretary, Herbert W. Bailey; treas
urer, George H. Pippy; sergeant at arms, John
E. Green; executive committee — C. B. Perkina
(chairman). George D. Clark. William J. Rud
cick, George H. Bahrs. Sol Bloom: campaign
committee — Arthur. G. Fiek (chairman). Holla
V. Watt. Tirey L. Ford. Judge C. H. Garoutte,
Jefterecn Doolittie. John Hendy,- William M.
Abbott, D. S. Uorn. F. Boeckman Jr.. Leo Mc-
Donald, James Stevens, N. Schleselnger, Robert
W. Dennis, Richard D. Faulkner, John R. Mo-
MearnF. William J. Young, James A. Code,
E. W*. Tucker. John Tuttle, T. P. Martin,
George McCarthy, Vernon Upton. John His*
rins. A. Johnson. E. W. Strange, C. Peterson,
Carl A. Randell, E. S. Salomon. W. J. M'ald.
heimer E. W. Williams, E. C. Priber, John
J. Gallagher, J. Harry Scott. Peter Svetlnlch,
Supervisor Charles Bcxton.
E. A. Hayes will speak in the Thir
ty-fifth Assembly District to-night.
The . meeting will be held under the
auspices of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee.
Guffick. J. J. Groom. George H. S. Dryden.
I-ouis Muller. John Buettler, Al Lewald, Frank
McGowan, Fred Jones, C. O. Uurtcn- Henry
Newbuigh. W. K. Owens. A. P. Jacobs, James
G. Boobar. J. H. Seyilen, A. C. Gehret.R. V.
Lucy, James Cairns, Dr. D. D. Hunt, James
Campaign Committee Named to Make
Fight in the ThirtySeventh.
! E. A. Pettijohn, president of the Col
ton Roosevelt Club,, presided at th«
meeting. The Governor and Senator
Smith in their speeches dwelt particu
larly upon the importance of having in
Washington a Presfdent and Congress
men who believe in^ protection. The
-meeting was very enthusiastic. The
.Goy-ernor. said he believes this State
wilf-roll up a majority of 60,000 for
Roosevelt 'and Fairbanks...
COLTON, Oct. 19. — A crowd of 800
people assembled at the City Hall this
evening to listen to Governor Pardee,
S. C. Smith, the Republican nominee
for Congress in the Eighth District;
W. T. Luke, candidate for State Sena
tor; General Frank Prescott, candi
date for the Assembly, and M. H. Fitz
plmmons of Redlands, candidate for
Supervisor. \ ¦ - -
jj electric cars came in from San
Bernardino and Redlands loaded with
uniformed Foosevelt marching club
members. ' They were '. headed by a
brass band and paraded the streets
shooting rom^n candles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAYES' FRIENDS PERFECT
ORGANIZATION IN CITY
MEN N*OMl5f ATED , BY THE REfctTBUCAN-PAiiTY TO REPRESENT THE SEV
ERAL. DISTRICTS OF THE CITY AND COUNTY OP SAN FRANCISCO XN
. THE UPPER HOUSE. OF- THE STATE LEGISLATURE.
Great Depionstration
; <4y Republicans *|g
at Coltori.
Governor
Speaks at
Big Rally
Republicans of the Twenty-ninth
Assembly ¦ District organized a Julius
Kahn Club last night at 961 Mission
etreet. After addresses stating the
purpose of the club, which is to ac
tively support the candidacy of Mr.
'Kahn, 125 signed the membership
rcSXL* H , B. Brown was 'elected presi
dent 3* the club, D. Regan, vice pres
iu^f.t; * :. J. Fay, secretary. . and G. J.
E*'4^r. -. "rgeant at arms. The meeting
was by P. J. Kelleher. sec
reta-.\v of the Julius Kahn clubs, and
Frtr.K %. Markey, Republican nom-
Ji.se :<-r the Senate in the Seventeenth
D:str;c\. The ofub will hold another
m«?«».up next Friday evening at 121
O'Farr?. 1 ! street.
In the Thirty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict T. E. Atkinson, the regular Re
publican nominee, is waging an earnest
contest. He is opposed by E. T. Mc-
Murray,' an Independent Republican
candidate, whose name has been placed
on the ballot by petition. The regulars,
however, are confident of their ability
to elect Atkinson over the opposition of
the Democrats and Independents.
i > —
Kahii Club Organizes.
The Republican candidates for the
Assembly are: William J. Mindham,
Twenty-eighth District; John A. Cul
len. Twenty-ninth; Francis McNa
n:ara. Thirtieth; Jeremiah Lucey,
Thirty-first; Patrick J. Boyle, Thirty-
Eecond; Fred J. Meincke, Thirty-third;
Fred V. Severance, Thirty-fourth; E.
F. Treadwpll. Thirty-fifth; Eugene E.
Pfaeffie. Thirty-sixth; Fred C. Jones,
Thirty-seventh; Samuel Beckett. Thir
ty-eighth; Thomas E. Atkinson, Thir
ty-ninth; Gus Hartman, Fortieth; Na
than C. Coghlan, Forty-first; George
A. McGowan, Forty-second; Marc An
thony. Forty-third; Mel Vogel. Forty
fourth, and Loius • Strohl, Forty-fifth.
The indications are that the Republi
cans will elect thirteen of the eighteen
Assemblymen. There were eleven Re
publicans In the San Francisco As
sembly delegation of the last Legisla
ture.
The hold-over State Senators are
Frank French and Hamilton A. Bauer,
Republicans, and Harry Bunkers,
Democrat. It is quite probable that no
Democrat will be elected in San Fran
cisco to lessen Bunker's loneliness.
ASSEMBLY.
The next Legislature will elect a
United States Senator for the full term
of six years, and all the signs point
to a very large Republican majority
In the Senate and Assembly. The Re
publicans are confident that they will
gain in Sin Francisco one State Sena
tor and more than one Assemblyman.
Tne Seventeenth Senatorial District,
embracing the Twenty-eighth and
Twenty-ninth Assembly districts, is
now represented by Joseph M. Plun
kett. Democrat, who is a candidate for
reelection. The Republican candidate
is Frank A. Markey, and he is also
the nominee of the Union Labor party.
It is the Judgment of the district lead
ers that Markey will win out.
In the Nineteenth Senatorial District
there is no opposition to the re-election
of the Republican nominee. Senator
Richard J. Welch. In the Twenty
fifth Senatorial District Senator John
H. Nelson, the Republican candidate
for a second term in the State Senate,
has the right of way. Mason (Thomas,
•w ho was nominated by the Democratic
convention to oppose Nelson, has with
drawn from the field.
Martin Kelly is endeavoring to cre
ate opposition to George B. Keane, the
Republican • nominee for the Senate in
the Twenty-third District, but indica
tions point to Keane's election by a
large majority, as he combines integ
rity with ability and Industry. In the
Twenty-first District Senator E. I.
Wolfe is sure of re-election. In the
Twenty-fourth Senatorial District
Philip J. Haskins is the Republican
candidate to serve out the unexpired
term of George H. Williams, deceased.
The district is nominally Republican,
and Mr. HaskinB* candidacy is accept
able to the party.
Indications Are That
Democrats Wilt
Lose Two.
CONTESTS FOR ASSEMBLY
All women are born reformers and
they want to begin on some man.
Hunter Killed by His Own Gnn.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19. — Max Wegf
ener, the 17-year-old son of Captain
G. P. Wegener of Alhambra, went
quail hunting to-day and this evening
was taken home a corpse, tola heart
torn out by a charge of shot from his
own gun. He. was sitting, in a wagon
driving, with his shotgun held between
hi* knees, when the weapon was acci
dentally discharged. \ .
These several, parties have adopted. a
fusion i ticket for '. the ; Legislature farid
local j bfflces ; arid j' their several ; leaders
have /joined ':. issues * f orj ; th eir,« elec tlon. ;
The organization of these elements into
By these -means he hopes to win
away enough votes' from the 6ther
parties,;; or ¦ more; particularly the" Re
publican'party,.to carry ; his >nds.' : His
ends are purely . local,* although -he 'has
receritly placed.the names of the Park
er: electors ; among -his other candi
dates at the head of. the editorial pare
of his Butte newspaper. Mr. Heinze's
five, parties* have 'these names: Anti
trust;; Republican, V; anti-trust < Demo
crat, .Popullat. Labor and another
known locally ' by the naYne of two
Democratic leaders. /It was this labor
partyHhaC ithrough ; its executive "com
mittee,";to < which I ;.th'e matter . was "• left,
determined* after^much- --deliberation,
that they Iwere, for Parker. *. \ " '.
The State is reasonably certain for
Roosevelt and Fairbanks. . Farmers,
ranchmen, sheep and cattle men, are
solid for the HeDublican: ticket-
Where' the miner is for Parker it is
because of the influence of the Colorado
labor troubles upon him and the be
lief that somehow or other the Presi
dent .should have interfered in that
matter in the miners' behalf. -
The • Democratic " party is regularly
organized and hopes to re-elect Gover
nor Toole, to carry the State for Par
.kerand Davis, of course, to elect a
Democratic Legislature and by this
means -to promote the elected Governor
to the United States Senate, there to
'_ take the place of I the present Demo
cratic Incumbent, Senator Paris Gib
'son.'-; : -' ; - ' ;" "¦ ¦ '¦ "¦ " '¦'¦ V"
The Republicans are better organized
than -for many -years and is making
an active and; efltectiva'campaigri. The
managers are very confident of victory,
both as -to the State ticket headed by
Hon. William Lindsay for Governor,
as well as the national. In case of a
Republican Legislature Hon. Thomas
Carter iwtH- be returned to the United
States Senate in Mr. Gibson's stead.
The third element, an active and ag
gressive one, is F. ; Augustus Heinze of
the United Copper Company. He is
thet third party . and his methods are
peculiar.'. He professes, personally, no
political party.; His aim Is to win. His
campaign : is : "anti-trust," so called,
and ¦ he has organized five several an
ti-trust elements into as many parties,
arid I apportioned the offices and the
candidatures. among them. ?y
WHAT HEINZE HOPES FOR.
To be sure, Senator Clark Is prac
tically out of it— and oh* the glowing
memories, the legends that are told
of those many days when he had ambi
tions to fulfill and old Marcus Daly
kept whipping the pond as fast as
he cast his bait, of how there was
carte blanche everywhere and of
how early teamsters would find their
way blocked in the morning by piles of
empty champagne bottles and of how
the bartender estimated the cost of a
round of drinks by just running his
eye over the crowd and- how no ques
tions were ever asked. But that's a
story that has been told.. Senator
Clark's ambition' is realized. He is a
Senator all /.right and his t^rrri does
riot 1 expire" this year nor next' nor ; the'
year" after. ' • .''*.' " ' " 4 '* "
. Senator" Clark set aside 'a matter of
fifty thousand dollars to spend in this
campaign in Montana, just to show
that he has not lost interest in poli
tics. -
Then ' there is F. Augustus Heinze,
president" of the United Copper Com
pany, who runs the "anti-trust" cam
paign. His enemies say he is not a
spender, but he has a large following,
and they won't let him play In a game
like this unless he Is at least a good
fellow. The Amalgamated, the so call
ed "trust," commonly referred to ad
the "Standard Oil," is said to have
money in' bank. So there is no appar
ent need of the crowd that works poli
tics in. Montana, to be disheartened
even though' Senator Clark this year
be only playing his ante, arid raises no
body. ''
The situation at large here may be
briefly stated: -
STATE FOR ROOSEVELT.
Money has always been easy in Mon
tana so far as anybody can remem
ber and so at election times it is ex
pected that the great business interests
fighting for supremacy shall "turn
loose.". They do. A campaign in any
of the larger towns, especially in' Hel
ena or Butte, is a sight tu see. It had
been said that the big corporations
having "come together," . either as a
financial fact (not admitted) or hav
ing a common working basis in poli
tics, there would not be much doing
this. campaign.' Considerable unhap
piness among the great army of .those
adepts who are most profited at such
times has been noted. The tenderloin
and what" Is known In San Francisco
as the "cocktail route" were especially
miserable for weeks touching the out
look. But the gloomy forecast was
In a great measure unwarranted.
TUB GOLDEN DAYS.
HELENA, .Mont., Oct. 19.— A great
deal has been made in Democratic
newspapers of the^act that the "Labor
Party" of Montana has declared for
Parker. What has '• been made of the
circumstance, I may say, is much
greater than -the circumstance itself.
At 'a distance, doubtless the statement
sounds important: Here it is of very
slight moment in the national cam
paign, though the warmth of ttie local
fight, the necessity of conserving every
vote in the fight, warns each faction
and their newspapers not to speak too
slightingly of it. But the Labor party
of Montana, it should be understood
in California and elsewhere, doe.8 not
by any means represent the labor vote
or the labor element of, this State. It
is a faction. Bitter opponents of the
party to which the faction is allied
refer to its chief spirits as the "leaders,
of the, fistful."
But the desire to see Ex-Senator
Thomas Carter back in his seat at
Washington forms a strong influence
toward Republican success In the
State. Carter is not only recognized as
of real Senatorial size, but he Is very
popular and a power In the State.
With a Republican Legislature h»
would have no real, competitor.
This is the view generally accepted
of the case despite the energy and vi->
tuperation characterizing' the contest.
The interest of the campaign centers
in the local fight and of this the Sena
torahip that will result from the com
plexion of the Legislature Is of first
importance with many. It Is generally
conceded that Senator Gibson stands
no show. He was. what Is termed "an
accident," an unexpected compromise
ir. a heated contest and there are
so many other and more powerful men
seeking the toga that he is not con
sidered" to J have a chance. '
As stated, in case 'Of Democratic
success Governor Toole Would be a
candidate.- 'It Is understood that
Heinze would favor General Charles S.<
Warren, formerly Sheriff^ ot Deer
Lodge. ,
On the other hand, while the fair
trial law was secured to break Heinze's
power in the courts, while the decision
that brought it about has estranged
Heinze and the Judges and left the lat
ter off the ticket, though the decision
was in his (Heinze's) favor. Heinze is
making capital out of the great shut
down as showing how masterful and
cruel "the trust" may be wherever
necessary to secure its ends and how
the- people subject to this iron rule
should condemn it by their votes and
work Its overthrow at the polls. This
is the status of the local political field.
Now comes the Republican party in the
i State and in its platform warns j the
voter that this seeming war of the" big
corporations is all a sham. It says:
For years many of the voter* of this county
and of the State have been divided on lines
of corporation quarrels and corporation Inter
ests, and while some pretense is still being
made of keeping up these, quarrels, signs and
assurances are not wanting to create a strontr
belief 1n the public mind that the corpora
tion quarrel as now presented is a "sham,
a delusion and a snare." and that the prime
purpose now is to deliver the State government
over to the keeping and control o£ the com
bined corporate interests, heretofore arrayed
against each other in deadly hostility through
the medium of the Democratic party. To thoa*
who may doubt this inference we. call atten
tion to the significant fact that th* Am
algamatlsts. the ("larks and the United Copper
Company are now united in a common, sup
: port of the same ticket. mad« up of the
friends and followers of each of these fac
tions. In other words these heretofore con
flicting elements now appear to be lying in
the same political bed In so far as th« Demo
cratic State ticket and platform are concerned,
'.%?& THE SEXATORSIUP. .
Of course Judge Clancy declined. He
declares that this lieutenant of Heinze—
whose action he characterizes as an
Insult to him (the Judge)— is not even
a naturalized citizen. Even were he a
citizen, the Judge declares, he would
not have gone. "Wouldn't that* skin
you?" says the Judge in speaking of It.
And again: "I would like to have some
one hold me while I laugh." This is
to show the Judge's temper in the mat
ter.
With a proviso that the mines be
started at once upon its Issue, and
another proviso or declaration that he
would not advise the Legislature as to
any action it should take nor guaran
tee any action that it might take, the
Governor — these conditions being ac
cepted by the amalgamated — called
the Legislature together. % viv^
What Is known aa the fair-trial law
was passed. It .gives litigants the
right to challenge, so to speak, as
many as five judges for the trial of a
cause — five on each side. Silver Bow
'County has - three Judges; no other
county has so many. The effect id ap
parent. Besides releasing any litigant
from the necessity of having a case
tried in Silver Bow or ' any other
county, -the time consumed in the
process of challenge -or appeal makes
it possible to postpone the trial of
any case indefinitely.
But the mines 'have been running
right along ever since, and Heinze
himself la said to have benefited in
other cases by the workings of this
"fair trial" law. some of which work
ings are said to be very curious. The
effects of the judgments of the courts
upon the Judges themselves are also
most interesting to consider! It was
Judge Clancy who delivered the judg
ment that resulted in closing the"
mines and throwing several thou
sand men. out of work. Having
done this, he adjourned court and
was about x to take .. a run into
the hi!la on a rabbit hunt or some
thing of the, kind, but some hundreds
of miners assembled at the railway
station and induced him to postpone
his trip. It ,will be seen . how very
interesting all this is and how cu
riously it works out. Heinze has not
renominated Judge Clancy nor Judge
Harriey.lwho has also been accredited
'¦¦ to him or his politics. Since the de
cision referred . to. Judge/ Clancy has
not .been", popular, with the workers
and, was not therefore deemed a safe
Candidate. So both these Judges are
now outspoken in their dislike of Mr.
Heinze, and in an appeal he made be
fore them-^-one after the other—
a ' few ago for. an order to re
strain : in - ascertain . political . contin
gency! both refused. It was deemed
very important to Heinze's cause, and
the plea was . repeated by more than
one; of the .; factions. : Once he was
called ;out of bed in ..the .matter . and
Judge .Clancy laughs ; heartJly/as- , he
tells of how one of Heinze's .lieuten
ants -sent -jword to him '.to _.- come to
his ;(th« office, to: talk it
nv«T> iS5*SS£fed!Wtt38iftiiS3il3jBB^!MEBBfcBMH8
. But it was a time of stress. A pe
tition of . the miners, largely signed,
begged the Governor to call an extra
session — any old thing to start the
works.
THE SPECIAL SESSION.
Heinze had been for Governor Toole
in the election that seated him;
Heinze's mines were running all right,
such as were not involved in the liti
gation; personally he was quite con
tent.
It was an extreme case. The blow
ing up of the mines would serve no
end; 'it was wages the men wanted, for
their women and. children were hui
gry and cold.
The local fight is just now of in
terest, of course, for its possible effect
on the national ticket, but it is and al
ways has been of such a character as
to have attracted attention far be
yond the borders _of the State, the
greater Interest in the national cam
paign just now having served to over
shadow It. The fight between the cur
porations, as I have said, has been for
the control of the Legislature forth*?
making of laws and of the courts for
Interpreting them. This is the alle
gation of each — that it is the aim of
the other. In Silver Bow County,
where the city ,of Butte, the great
mining camp, is located, Heinze is
acknowledged to have won in this
battle and to have elected Judges who
are, or were, grateful to him for the
honor. In important litigation last
year judgments were rendered so
hurtful to the interests of the Amal
gamated that - the so-called . trust
closed down its works, ..throwing
thousands out of employment " in- the
middle of winter— and winter in these
mountains means exactly, what it say3.
Great, distress immediately resulted.
• . The Amalgamated said they were
at the mercy of Heinze's Judge^; they
(the Amalgamated) must have some
relief; if the Governor would call a
special session of the Legislature . to
pass laws that would give it them they
would fire up; otherwise, no.
THE LOCAL FIGHT.
parties and the reconciliation of their
many interests has required a lot of
hustling and generalship. Realizing
this was to be the case, Heinze at
the beginning of it purchased an au
tomobile and ha5 kept in full evidence
for some months. It will be seen by
the names of the parties that their.la
bors are directed at local issues. The
"trust" of .-which they are "anti" is
the Amalgamated Copper Company,
spoken of here quite familiarly as
Standard Oil. The charge that Heinze
had sold out to Standard Oil, made
before it began and persistently re
peated during its progress, lends its
own' interest to the campaign. Heinze
does no; spend a great deal of time
denying the charge, but keeps his fight
by organization and every other means
at his command, including two news
papers, a daily and a weekly, at Butte
— the News and the Reveille. The
Butte Inter-Mountain and Helena Rec
ord, Republican papers, and said to be
Amalgamated^ keep up a hot fight
upon him,' using the cartoon and plain
English unsparingly. The Helena In
dependent, Democratic, addresses it
self more mildly as against Heinze and
directs its assaults chiefly against the
Helena Record. The Independent is
the principal of Senator Clark's string
of papers. , They all, you see, have
newspapers to burn the other fellow.
This little Joke seemed so obvious that
I had to introduce it.
BY S. W. WALL.
Despite Local Fights National Issue Safe
REPUBLICANS MAY DEPEND
UPON MONTANA'S SUPPORT
VICTORY FOR THE REPUBLICAN NOMINEES FOR SENATE IS FORESHADOWED BY LEADERS
THE SAN FftANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY; OCTOBER 20, 1904:
2
. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 p CELfVnATCO W |
*jBfl^nj|t 1 ft it jaPri>ssw
MBlfveOS
IB ¦ E . rw^ r '
Women should not wonder at their
failing health as long as tKey. continue
to suffer from monthly irregularities.
The Bitters' is; 'the best' remedy in
such cases. It always cures Back-
ache, Vomitinj;," Faintin>: Spells,
Sleeplessness, Indigestion "or Dyapep-[
*ia. Trj one bottle,' * '
(HwadiJiinis
ffl)^J\jh LAXATIVE
jtj&gLd MY NAME IS NOT
g*gBlg3 HUNYADI ONLY,
Sm hunyadnanos.
fesjii^S! THE ORIGINAL,
ONlYGCNUINt .*,
MW ff""**^-* AND RCLIABLt ¦>;•
WKlTrTT&A HUNGARIAN
Is Always Reliable .for |
CONSTIPATION.
visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcatI
OF AHATOHYf
Q r^Hn^9%. If" 14 w— toi— — w aay Mattact«<1 A
V 9kS& dl»M.« vmmttfmkr mrnrmAnr «*• >I4<U Y
O /SB 3p«Miiao» the Cone. lUt.*j W ± O
d fl^J DR. J0ROAM-DISIA3ES OF MEN A
0 J JmH Tr««miein pep<0B«liy er by letter. A A
n P 7 ' 1 w rirt for Bo*k. PBIL«»OFBY ml A
" (I 1 HASRIAGK, VAU.IB FUSE. (AY
A » t» * rt » N « *•* *• •»»> " - -i ' - ¦ ?"A~»
V tott. JORDA7I * CO.. 1081 Marktt SL.fl. r.'r '
_Sjd&^&*M MEN AND WOMEH.
<QBg.|jyT)i;agaS&W Cm Big O for un«mtnr%l -
£»§fv «¦**•» <Un.\J diacbmriM,inflftlumalioM.-
jBfffV O««r«at«d V irriutioos or ulcar»ttoa»
S**5 »«« «• «rte-.»r«. "~ of maooas m*mbr»o»«.
l^-jj trwnmUCvttUm. Pkln'iMS, »od not iltrla- _
ffislrHlEMSSCHEMIOALCD. f »at or kjIhobohs. « -, k « ;
tera^«««ajm,i.jm »«u by Dmnutii,^
|t Clroal»* Mat *n »¦»¦ i,> *iJapanese Diet la Summoned.
- .TOKIO/ "Oct.: 20. ; 8>a. m.-^-An im
perial ordinance, has been , Issued con
vening the Diet on November 28.
WARNEMUNDE, Macklenburg-
Schwerin, - Oct. 1 9.— The mail steam
ships - Kaiser .Wilhelm and Koenig
Christian, recently sold to ¦ an ; Odessa
firm, have been rechristened and have
sailed for Russia.
Win Become Russian Cruisers.
. BERLJX, Oct. ; 1 9. — As a, result . o£
the visit here of a delegate of 'the
Russian Red Cross central commit
tee the German Red Cross Society has
decided to send further assistance to
the seat of war and will erect a Ger
man hospital. at Irkutsk, Siberia, and
provide It with, another military am
bulance train. Negotiations are in
progress regarding a similar offer* to
Japan.
German Red Cross Work.
Secret- societies and revolutionary
newspapers are being founded by ' the
Finns for the enlightenment of their
own people and the world at large.
Russian Jews evidently are "discard
ing passive resistance and systematic*
ally, if secretly, organizing opposition
to the common t oppression, of which
they are the most miserable victims. It
la believed in high quarters here that
Prince - BviatoDolk-Mirski. the new
Russian Minister of the Interior, will
be a fortunate official and personally
confer a great * boon on Russia should
he: finally, succeed in uniting these bel
ligerent, freedom-craving forces under
the banner - of a reformed state. -
VIENNA. Oct. lS.-It appears from
reliable reports- that the Czar's sub
ject nationalities are extending their
revolutionary activities in many direc
tions. The Poles no longer prosecute
a national policy, but are aiding In the
general liberal movement of Europe.
They have established periodicals and
Journals in the interests of thia phase
of their scheme. They are circulating
millions of. pamphlets of Bimilar char
acter. Polish Separatists abound In
Russia and in every other European
country. They have powerful organi
zations in England and the United
States. The. national headquarters are
at RapperswyU Switzerland.
Revolutionary Propaganda Extended
in Every Direction.
PLOTTERS ACTIVE IN RUSSIA.
LONDON, Oct. 19. — The newspapers
are begirrsinr to complain of the in
a.ctrura.eies—or rather the incom
pleteness—of the Japanese reports
from the battlefield. Those portions
of the official advices that are given
out are said to be so disconnected
that they convey very little informa
tion. Although the capture of Lone
Tree Hill by the Russians was one of
the most important achievements of
the week, both on strategic grounds
and because of the enormous loss of
life involved, it has not been mentioned
In the reports from Toklo. On the
contrary. General Oku, Is represent
ed as having: repulsed every assault
upon the Japanese left and continued
his advance to the north.
No estimates of the Japanese losses
in the battle have been srfven ont. al
though Field Marshal Oyama is pro
lific in estimates of the Russian dead
and wounded.
No Mention Hade of the Loss of Lone
Tree H11L
TOKIO, bet. 19.— The Japanese Gov
ernment to-day decided to draw the
attention of the Russian Government
to the unlawful action of Russian
troops in usuing Chinese costumes.
The notice will be served through the
American S State Department, which
will transmit it through the American
embassy at St. Petersburg.
A memorandum issued by the For
eim OfHee says that on October 4 a
body of infantry belonging to the Rus
sian Third Regiment of Sharpshooters,
wearing Chinese costumes, attacked
the Japanese forces on the Mukden
road, and that Russians similarly clad
approached the Japanaese lines and
attempted surprises. Different reports
received. It Is charged, indicate that
the Russians are purchasing enormous
quantities of Chinese costumes.
The memorandum points out that
combatants not properly uniformed
are liable to punishment as offenders
against the laws of war and that par
ticipation in fighting without uniforms
is a violation of international usage,
an unlawful act and contrary to the
meaning of article 23 . of the supple
mentary rules of the convention • gov
erning the laws and customs of war
on land.
It is pointed out, further, ' that this
action of the Russian troops will prove
a source of great calamity to innocent
Chinese, who will thereby be, exposed
to danger, owing to their inability
from distances to distinguish the
Russian soldiers from real Chinese.
ing Themselves as Chinese.
Claims Russian Soldiers Are Disguis-
TOKIO REPORTS DISCONNECTED.
DEATH TROiX VIOLENCE.— Dr. I*. IX
Badgalopl* Morra* •aryeoa, pei far iced as »a»
topsT yesterday trpon th* body of O. Abr%
harnscn. who was found dead !**r Toesdaaf
evening In a c*l! la tha Harbor Polle* tartoa.
Th* autopsy showed that he had died of h«sv
errhage* of the brata. cass«d by «. btanr «¦>'
a fall. ,
TOKIO TO FILE A PROTEST.
Barry Hillard a Suicide.
SPOKANE. Wash., Oct. 19. — Ban*y t
Hillard committed suicide at Lake
view. Idaho, to-day. Hillard was 42
years old. He was the son of %
wealthy San Francisco business man.
Hlllard's mother Is v lhrtne ta Saa
Francisco.
BOSTON. Oct. 13. — A commission,
appointed for the purpose, reported to
the Episcopal convention to-day the de
tails of the plans for the creation of
seven provinces of archdioceses out of
groups of States. Province No. 7 will
Include Oregon. California. "Washing
ton,* Nevada, New Mexico. Arizona.
Alaska, Hawaii and the Philippines.
Each province will have a convention
body or synod to legislate in provincial
matters, the synod consisting: of a house
of Bishops and a house of deputies,
with a primate elected by the house of
Bishops for a term of years for the gen
eral purposes of the provinces.
Form One.
California, Western States and Islands
TO BE SEVEN* PROVINCES.
Second. That this resolution be forwarded
to the President of the United States and
signed fcy the president and secretary of this
convention. - • . •
Resolved. First, that w« recemmend to our
Government the great importance . of taking
such steps as will bring about peaceful arbi
tration by which ail national differences may
be settled without resort to anas.
In new of tit* awfal ¦trafffle whleb hu
been In pro«re«9. during the Bittia* cf this
congress, between, the Russians and Use Japa
nese. It is the aen*e of this convention that the
tlsi>» haa come when, the Christiana, at least,
should speak on the subject of war with a load
voice. The carnage cf the recent bittles has
teen appalling, and this seems to be a propi
tious time for this great convention to exert iu
influence aff&isst the contlnuanca of this cut
rajro upen the christlanltr of Christ: therefore.
be It - •
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 19. — The following
resolution was unanimously adopted
by the Christian Church Convention
to-day:
Christian Church Convention Believes
*It Is Time to Interfere.
"At not a point were available Rus
sian forces concentrated for an ef
fective offensive. Large numbers of men
and cannon remained unutilized. Or
ders -were changed suddenly In contra
diction and confusing each other, testi
fying' to general Incoherence. General
Stakelberg*a army, made up of the best
fighting material, was so detached
from the main body that the Important
turning movement confided to It was
foredoomed to failure."
The dispatch adds that the informa
tion at Mukden indicates an early
evacuation of that town.
PARIS. Oct. 19.— The Temps to-day
gives prominence to statements made
m a dispatch from St. Petersburg
which, it says, comes from a highly au
thoritative source severely criticizing
the Russian generalship In the latest
battle. A detailed explanation la given
of the various reverses and the writer
adds: ..A--
French Correspondent Claims :t»
Quote High Russian OfflcloL
WOULD END THE CARXAGE.
KTTROPATKTN* CRITICIZED.
FAKKEBERG. Denmark, Oct. IS.—
Th<? remainder of the Baltic Russian
fleet called this morning for the north.
low the Cape of Good Hope route. The
business men of Kiel complain at the
outcry regarding Germany's alleged
breach ->f neutrality, ¦which, they say,
prexented the fleet visiting: Kiel, as in
tended, and thus deprived the mer
chants of that port of an opportunity
to supply the Russian ships with coal
and provisions, which now falls into
French hands. French firms have
b«en intrusted with coaling the Rus
sian cruisers and torpedo boats which
will traverse the Mediterranean
KORSOER, Island of Zealand, Den
rr.ark. Oct. 19.— The Russian Baltic
Ceet, censistins of fifteen battleships
and cruisers, seven torpedo-boats and
four colliers, has traversed the Great
Belt, going northward.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 18.— The
Baltic f.eet will -divide, part of It grains
by way cf the Suez canal and the re
mainder around the Cape cf Good
Hope. Captain Jakovloff, formerly of
the battleship Petropaviovsk, who is
now here, explains that the delays In
ratting: the -warships through the canal
make a division of the fleet advisable,
the Cape route being only a fortnight
longer, with coaling at sea instead of
In port. He believes the voyage to the
Far Kast. will be made in ninety days.
BERLIN, Oct. 19. — A confirmation of
the St. Petersburg statement that part
of the Russian Baltic fleet will follow
the Care of Good Hope route is con
tained in a dispatch from Kiel, which
says that the Hamburg-- American line
has contracted to coal the battleship
Fqiiadron. which, it i3 added, will fol-
Some of the Warships Will Go
Through the Suez Canal.
BALTIC FLEET TO DIVIDE.
TOKIO, Oct. 19.— The Russian con
centration In front of the armies of
Generals Oku and Nodzu (the left and
center respectively) • on Monday, re
ported by Field Marshal Oyama, cre
ated the impression here that the Rus
sians were planning to assume ihe ag
gressive and that another great bat
tle was imminent, but it Is now be
lieved that General Kuropatkin is
merely seeking to protect his right and
rear, in order to gain time to with
draw his army across the Hun River,
because It Is believed that It will be
Impossible for him either to move ag-
STessively against the Japanese or to
hold his position on the Ehakhe River;
Manchurian headquarters, telegraph
ing yesterday afternoon, says:
"The conditions in front of the main
strength of the right army show no
considerable change. The forces of the
enemy which have been .driven from
Bensihu mainly retreated toward Kac
tai The enemy's force in front
of the right army appears -to be dimin
ishing, but the activity of his small
forces continues.
"There has been no considerable
change in front of the center army. The
enemy tried several attacks on the
night of October 17, but was repulsed
ever}' time. To-day an artillery duel
Is in progress.
"The enemy In front of the left army
is occasionally, but indirectly, shelling
our positions. The enemy stopped im
mediately in front of our positions at
a distance of from 600 to 1000 meters
and is fortifying his positions. The
enemy that opposed the left detach
ment of our left army has halted at
a line embracing Mengtapao. San
chiatzu and Hangchiatai. and Is forti
fying his positions.
, A detachment of Russian cavalry re-
Lconnoitering last night in the vicinity
; of Shakhe captured two Japanese guns
with no loss to itself.
The generai^ad vises' that last j Light
passed quietly, with "the exception of
the exploits of the Russian cavalry,
and says the Russian left flank has ad
vanced slightly.
The military critics are not yet satis
fled that Oyama is ready to relinquish
the offensive, expressing the opinion
that he may still try to break through
the Russian center in order to compel
Kuropatkin to. retire to the line of the
Hun River, unless he has become con
vinced that the superiority of the Rus
sian numbers and reserves makes his
withdrawal to the line of the Taitse
River advisable. General Gelsman as
serts positively that up to yesterday
Kuropatkin had not brought anything
like all the regiments of his reserves
into action and the number of fresh
units behind which his battered troops
could re-form accounts ror Kuropat
kin's ability to resume the offensive.
One correspondent says it is persist
ently reported that three Japanese
battalions are surrounded on a hill by
General Kennenkampff and that they
are momentarily expected to surren
der.
Another correspondent reports that
during the advance of. the left early
last week forty Japanese with five of
ficers were surrounded In a Chinese
village, but only five of them surren
dered, the remainder committed sui
cide. :
General Sakharoff telegraphed at
midday to-day that the Japanese were
concentrating at Ldnshlnpu, west of
the railroad.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. . 19.— The
Emperor has received from General
Kuropatkin, under date of October IS,
the following dispatch:
"During the night the Japanese at
tacked our advanced positions at Lone
Tree Hill, but they were repulsed. No
reports have been received of any
other engagements. Everything was
quiet at all our positions up to 10
o'clock this morning.- Rain fell all
night and the road3 have been greatly
damaged."
It is now recalled, as significant of
the deep personal friendship of the
two Emperors, that when Emperor
William was about to undergo an
operation last year, he commended his
eldest son to . the hands of ; Emperor
Nicholas. This fact was mentioned at
the time in the Official Messenger, but
did not attract as much attention as it
la now receiviris.
It is already known that practically
all of three corps In the Vllna Govern
ment will be included in General Grip
penberg's army, but as these troops
are included in what is known as Rus
sia's third line of defense, the fact has
not attracted much attention. It now
develops that the Ri3e Brigade at
Plotsk. In the Government of Tschen
stoehova, directly on the frontier. Is
moblizing.
In the best-informed diplomatic cir
cles ij is believed that nothing in the
shape of a treaty between Russia and
Germany has been committed to writ
ing, but that there is simply a mutual
personal understanding between the
twer sovereigns covering this point, and,
some believe, going muph further. So
far as the present war is concerned,
there is no evidence that the supposed
agreement covers active aid, as such
an agreement' would render operative
the Anglo- Japanese " alliance. It is
thought, however, In diplomatic quar
ters, that there Is something In the na
ture of a pledge cm the part of the Em
peror of Germany to protect Russia's
western frontier.
The enforced cessation of operations
by the bad weather, if the Japanese
offensive had really exhausted Itself,
rives both armies time to breathe and
pull themselves together and would
seem to insure, as much benefit to one
eide as to the other, for practical pur
poses. When operations recommence
they will assume an entirely new
r.ha£. with new dispositions and ob
jectives. Practically, last week's bat
tle has ended, and it goes into history
as a Russian defeat. When operations
are resumed a new battle will begin.
The reappearance of Viceroy Alexieff
at Mukden to-day for a conference Is
not particularly reassuring, as such
conferences in the past have not been
fruitful of success.
The movement of troops on the-Rus
sian western frontier and the prepara
tions to further reduce garrisons In this
region revive talk of a complete un
derstanding with Germany, under
which the frontier will -be protected so
as to permit of the dispatch to Man
churia of troops stationed in Poland.
There are about 600,000. soldiers in Po
land, comprising some of the best
troops in the empire.
RCSSO-GER3IAX ENTEXTE.
Many critics here continue to believe
that General Kuropatkin intends to
return to the line of the Hun River.
ALEXIEFF. WILL XOT DOWJf.
But there is no light upon the move
ments of the Japanese. There is, in
deed, an utter lack of late news from
Tckio, and an enemy so resourceful
may really be preparing a surprise
movement Instead of a retreat, reliev
ing the pressure on the front, with a
view to accomplishing something • on
the flank.
Two dispatches from" Mukden last
night mentioned reports that the Jap
anese were already preparing to re
tire, and the War Office admits that
Kuropatkin's left has again moved
slightly forward.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 20. 2:25 a.
m. — For the moment heavy rains and
impassable roads have compelled a sus
pension of operations In Manchuria-
There was practically no fighting yes
terday and none whatever last night.
There Is evidence of a new disposi
tion of the forces on both sides. Gen
eral Kuropatkin is extending his right,
whether with a view to a turning
movement for the safety of Lone Tree
Hill, the importance of which point is
fully realized by the Japanese, who
have attempted to retake It in two
night attacks, or to meet and thwart
a Japanese turning movement from the
west, has not yet developed. The Jap
anese also appear to be shifting weight
to the westward. *
Veiled hints continue to arrive that
the Russians have recovered from the
blow inflicted last week by Field Mar
shal Oyama and that General Ku
rcpatkln is preparing to renew the
struggle as soon as the roads become
dry.
Expects Knroptin
to Fall Baci Upon
Banb.nfii'-Hi
Russian General Has
Fresli Troops to
Refill Ife Lines
Battle 111 flaw
ffl tie Forces
in New Positions
Large Force
of Reserves
Available
Two Leaders
Are Shifting
Their Armies
Tokio Looks
for Retreat
of Russians
The house concurred with the Bish
ops in ' appointing a- Joint commission
*to consider the question of Instituting
*a system of suffragan Bishops. At the
late afternoon session of the .House of
Deputies'' the -debate on the proposal to
permit the- use' in churches of the re
vised version" of the Bible was contin
ued. "The proposition was defended by
Rev.*! E. s K Parsons r of San ' Mateo, CaL,'
and; others.* .
.' .Dr.'R-H. McKlm of Washington.' the
chairman,^leaving the chartr, offered an
amendment proyidln g that no other
than the - St. " James version should b«s
read In church by a' clergyman Except
by the consent of the congregation." ,
* ; The Bishops indorsed colored- work
in v the | South v • and recommended * that
larger appropriations be made for 'it.
;MTwjmtx-flyeV ? ; Bishops,'^ "-twenty-five
other "clergymen* and "fifty, lay delegates
attended "a smoke concert at the , Sail
ors'' Home" In Charlestown to-nisht.
] The House of Deputies adopted the
proposed; canon establishing courts of
review.- Under it dioceses are grouped
In seven districts except to have a
court of seven persons appointed by
the general convention. *
While, then, we deem the tyranny and
turbulence of the labor. union and call upon
the law to preserve the liberty of every citi
zen to employ whom be will and to work
for whom he will, we deprecate tb« hasty tem
per which, in condemning the errors of th*
unions, condemns at the same time the whole
mSvement with which they are connected. The
offenses of the union axe as distinct from the
cause . for which the organization of labor
stands as the Inquisition Is distinct from the
gospel. In the face of a prejudice and a hos
tility for which there are serious reasons. w«
are convinced that . the organization of labor
Is essential to the well-being of th« working
people. Its purpose to to . maintain such a
standard of wage*, hours and conditions as
•hall afford every man an opportunity to grow
in' mind and in heart. Without organization
the standard cannot be maintained in the midst
of our present commercial conditions.
This . report, in conclusion, condemns,
the employment of children In fac
tories and mills.
The report is signed by Henry C.
Potter, .William Lawrence, Charles P.
Anderson. R. H. McKlm. George M.-
Hodges, CD. "Williams, ..Samuel,
Mather and. Jacob Riis.
' The report was accepted and a reso
lution that the commission be contin
ued was adopted by the House of
Bishops.
COURTS OF REVIEW.
They may net agree with these brethren,
but they ought to appreciate thefr self-sacri
fice. The laborer has learned from the cap
italist to despise order and break law. He has
learned from the churchman to pursue the
dissenter with menace and vtolenca. The re
cent tragedies tn Colorado do not follow at
a far distance the massacres 2 which In th«
sixteenth century ensued upon th» withdrawal
of Holland from the ecclesiastical union.
THE ItABORER'S TEACHERS.
We perceive among our clergy and laity
alike much ignorance (frankly confessed and
deplored) as to the principles which ara In.
volved In the conflicts of the industrial world.
Every Industrial dispute involves thre» par
ties — the employer, the- employed and the
public — and the public eventually casts the
deciding vote. Thus a serious social responsi
bility rests upon every Christian citizen, and
more especially upon the Christian minister.
\V» call attention to the anaios-y between
certain offenses of the union and like offenses,
past Or present, of both. the capitalist and the
churchman. Thus the employers* blacklist cor
responds to the unions* boycott. The lockout
and the strike are of the same nature. The
question of the close,! «bop is like the ques
tion of the closed State. Men whose Puritan
ancestors strove to maintain a State whose
privileges should belong only to members of
the church ought to be able to understand the
struggle of their brethren and to maintain a
chop in which no man shall aexve except a
member of the union. %
Bishop Potter, chairman of the
standing committee on the relations o£
capital and labor, presented a lengthy
report which touched .upon certain
evils the committee found and dis
cussed the Industrial situation at great
length.
The committee was appointed by
the general convention of 1901 to study
the purposes of labor organizations, to
investigate the causes of industrial dis
turbances and to hold themselves in
readiness to act as arbitrators should
their services be desired. The report
says that no request for action as ar
bitrators has been received, and that
the committee has not, as yet, suc
ceeded in studying In common the oc
casions of current disturbances. The
report says:
We are agreed, however, la the conrlctlon
that, the causes of the violence of the UJt
three years in Pennsylvania, tn Colorado and
In Illinois are not so much economical as
moral. The strikes commonly begin In dis
trust. The reason at the heart of It Is that
the master has as little confidence In the gtxxl
will of the men as the men have in the good
faith of the master. Where distrust and an
tagonism arc well founded there Is nothing
for It, so far as the church is concerned, ex
cept one version.
The deputies devoted a large part of
the day to the consideration of peti
tions from several dioceses to use the
revised version of the Bible in
churches. "When the house was divided
the reauest was refused by a majority
of both clerical and lay delegates in
the House of Deputies.
COMMITTEE'S REPORT.
"BOSTON, Oct. 19.— An attempt Was
made to-day by the committee on
canons of the Episcopal House of Dep
uties to arrange a compromise be
tween that body and the House of
Bishops. The Bishops had adopted an
amendment forbidding the remarriage
of divorced persons, while the .depu
ties had declined to accept so -rigid a
provision, notwithstanding the fact
a majority of them, took a stand sim
ilar to that of the House of Bishops.
The committee on canons offered a res
olution compelling divorced persons
seeking remarriage to wait one year
after the decree of the court for the
solemnization of the ceremony. By
this resolution, which referred to the
innocent person in a divorce for infi
delity only, It was hoped to secure at
least a temporary agreement between
the two forces. After some, debate
the divorce issue was made a special
order for to-morrow.
This morning broke chilly but clear.
As seen as the roads are drier a re
sumption of the battle is probable, aa
the Russians everywhere are in close
touch with the Japanese.
WITH THE RUSSIAN CENTER
ARMY. Tuesday. Oct. IS.— The fight
ing, which lulled for a time on October
15, vas resumed on October 16, when
the Russians holding positions on the
north bar.k of the Shakhe River con
tinually exchanged an artillery *re
with the Japanese. .
The hardest fLgbtingr was In the cen
ter, v.here two regiments of Russian
intartry made a desperate attack on
the night of October 15. capturing two
Japanese batteries of eight guns each.
It was a.n expensive undertaking, how
ever, as the Russians lost a great
many men. The colonel commanding
v.as dangerously vrounded. The Jap
anese were compelled to destroy their
& mm unit ion.
MUKDEN. Oct. 18. — Yesterday
passed oil Quietly. No firing: heard
at nig^ht. The Japanese appear to be
slowly fallin? back. A glare seen above
their encampments nay indicate that
thty are burning their stores prior to
Tv'.th£ra"yaL
Employment of Children in
Mills and Factories Is Con
demned in Criticism Which
Is Indorsed by Convention
BOTH SIDES MUST
SHABE THE BLAME
Japs Are Reported
to Be Slowly
Retiring.
LONDON, Oct. 20.— Special dispatches from St^ Peters
burg make mention of a crushing defeat of two - Japanese
divisions. There is no confirmation, however, in any reliable
quarter of sucft a report. , .
Declare That Causes' ofKe
jjent Violence Are More
Moral Than Economical
and Founded on Distrust
LONDON, Oct. 20.— According to the Standard s corre
spondent with General Kuroki, who telegraphs under date of
October 18, a Russian battalion which crossed the Taitse River
has been almost annihilated. While retiring over a pontoon
bridge, the correspondent says, the battalion was overtaken by
a regiment of Japanese cavalry, which got its machine guns
into position and swept the bridge from end to end.
War Chiefs Await
Change in the
Weather.
RUSSIAN BATTALION ALMOST ANNIHILATED BY MACHINE GUNS
CHURCHMEN
REPORT ON
LABOR WAR
STORM BRINGS TEMPORARY LULL IN THE BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALLV THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1904.
3
FREE FREE — FREE
WITH —^_
— SUNDAY CALL '-— y :
- — — - WANT ADS. - —
.Your Choice of Two Premiums,
fg-gggailSS^ Either -a
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
— CAKE?KNIF3 ' ¦ •-¦¦«-•
¦"."• -'¦' •¦•'-¦: v^or:a
— NUT SET f- -L_
(Six ; Nut Picks^ and : a Crack.)
See Small ; AdJ : Page for Fnr-
: vjther|Paruculars.\
ADVERTISE3JjhLVrH.
Pears'
soap brings health „
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin;
EVERy BLADE WRRANTD)
C'RTERSl CUEE SICK EEADACnE -
ffijmi Qsnaine Must Bear
IjlVER . Fas-Sitris Signature" ...
u PILLS. <rt ~-~*
REGAIj, SHOEg. ¦'¦_¦_-,_-,_'_
' Regal Wear-Regal Style
. We put a King Calf upper on a double sole of
Oak Tanned leather. That makes the roost . dur-j
m able shoe in the world— a Regal
|||i The Regal tannery-to-consumer, system,,
i||l which brings our shoes from the hides in
cptiUrts^ our tannery through our own iactory
I|jj||||*^ and stores* direct to you, saves five,
Jp|j||||igfe^ months in style transmission,!
j^^^^^^^ff gives you shoes up to the rianute
J^^^^^^^B m fashion, saves you four,unneces-;
sary profit 3 - 'That is why $3.50
spcJrt ™ a R cgal Store buys $6.00
shoes. Here, for example, is a
J^^^^^^^^^g^ Regal, bench-made, in quarter
sizes, equaling custom-made
shoes m every detail of work-
style and fit It's the
' Mil8ili§iit§§bl The tr * ost P°? uUr sh0 « for cons«r»
73 -V#» \«IP^iiifiilim. vative men - Fashioned after the
Fall Styles. Wm Om » nd
X^&jkz. ™Hy designed to insure smooth
t»eh la ik^3*sb &*z§B§§(z3k. and easy fit. Gives distinct
•rf on' »fe S in character to any foot with-
Regal Stores. JSP>* out * acr -^ c * rl £ comfort.
Ideal for the man who wants
$3.50 which canaot comfortably
Send for Style Book. Hail Orders promptly fll Jed
1»M firwt tnm timxr, tt wuuw, > T* t*m« rrtail *« >n mil hi
*• _»**• M Mm ta frimelmt aOsa tnm U*n » imTn****.
soars stoxs «!¦ FR1IGI3C3 woanars stoxs
Cor. Geary aad Stockton Sts. ..;""" Cor- <*e«y *a* BtccJrtoa Sts. „
. Oakland Store, ioio Broadway.
-j£
"AS ANY COLD MAY LEAD TO CATARRH— PERUNA
SHOULD BE KEPT IN EVERY HOME"— Dr. S B. Hartman.
MAKT people persist in riding on torn. Pemna should be taken according '
the street cars, insufficiently pro- to directions on the bottle, and continued
tected by clothing. - until every symptom disappears.
They start out perhaps in the heat of Do not put it off. Do cot waste tuna
the day and do not feel tho need of by taking other remedies. Begin at occa
wraps. to take Perazta. and continue taking It
The rapid moving of the car cools the until yoa are positive "~^^^""^^^^
body unduly. When that the cold has en- TAKE
PRECAUTION they board the car tirely disappeared. PE-RU-NA
BETTER THAN perh-ap« they are This may save you a \\ TIME.
MEDICINE. slightly , perspiring, long and perhaps '
¦ ' i When the txxiy Is la fatal Illness later on in the season,
thia condition It Is easily chilled. This iir. Georga Livingston, a prominent
is especially true when a person Is sit- architect and builder of Los Angeles,
ting. CaL. writes from the Census OSca
Beginning a street car ride In the mid- BuiMing. Washington. D. C. as follows:
die of the day and ending it In the even- *7 do not hesitate, when I see a friend
Ing almost Invariably requires extra or acquaintance suffering from a cold that
wraps, but people do not observe these /s stubbon , „</ threatening to becoma
precautions, hence they catch cold. , . . ... «.„„_
_,. ., ¦ , chronic, to recommend Peruna.
Colds are becoming very frequrat in - , * * .»._
n.p colds « tt 4,£rv° •£¦ •xSjjssta-saA'aftSK
NIP COLDS account, and as the back tn * e strength the disease had taken
IN THE weather becomes away. X recommend It as a core and a.
BEGINNING. cooler. it happens tonic that cannot be surpassed." — Georg*
V I**,, ,». JnSVSSS, no on. "SSaW.b«. 81 ttlh SU PortUn*
should think of riding on the car with- ore " wrifes - '
out extra wraps. "/ em pleased to testify to tho wonderful
A cold caught in October Is liable to caratire waive of Peruna in cases of colda
last the whole winter. Great caution and a rundown conditon of the sys.em. I
¦ should be observed during the month of took it for a cold which I could aot get rid
October against exposure to cold, until of. end in less than a month it had cured
the body gradually becomes accustomed me. I feel like a different person.
to the lowered temperature, when the **i now take It when I ara ran dowd
l i liability to colds de- and in need of a tonic and I find It ex-
PE-RU-NA creases. cellent In restoring lost strength. Toa
PREVENTS But. during th. Hm «^\?£™ SSItiS J^BE
COLDS. onset of cool nights. ter3 f rom grateful people who have twea
' ¦ ' the liability of catch- cured by Peruna.
ing cold is great. lf you do not derive prompt and satis-
No wonder*' so many people .acquire factory results from the use of Pemna.
muscular rheumatism and kidney dis- write at once to Dr. 3. B. Hartman. Pre»-
eases during this month. ident of The Hartmar . Sanitanam. Go-
However in spite of the greatest pre- g2S?"o?SS StMU •* 'iSSS*
cautions, colds will be caught. All correspondence held strictly eon2-
At the appearance of the first symp- dentlaL -Lady Curzon Improving.
(¦¦ SEATTLE,-^Wash.; pctr^l9.— Earl
Barrlngtdnisin'jall at Nome, charged
.with '-'embezzlihg; 1 2500 while acting 5 as
City' Tax" Collector.? ,¦-- -: -
Nome Official Accused.
WALLACE. Idaho. Oct. 19. — Judge
Morgan has released Andrew Miller
from the County Jail upon a writ of
habeas corpus. He had been given a
thirty-day sentence by Justice Parsons
of-Wardner on a charge of being an
absconding, debtor. . Miller - claimed
that his. trial was held in the r Wardner
dance; hall, where Justice Parsons is
working as a bartender.
Tried Before Wrong Bar.
• CA YUCOS, Oct. 1 9.— The large dairy
barn/ of .James Tanner. onV Morro
Creek, was burned -at an early .; hour
this', morning, - together. ' - with .eight
horses, - the' harness, vehicles, farming
implements and several tons of hay. ]¦>
Eight Horses Lost in Fire.
Bakersfleld'g First ¦ Mayor Dead.
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 19.— L.P. St.
Clalr,, first Mayor of Bakersfleld and
an, old timer in California, died this
afternoon after an illness of • several
weeks. . He was a large property own
er : in; the ; city and leaves three r sons
engaged In business here. :< .
. PORTLAND, Oct. 19.— The lull,
which has existed in the local hop
market for. the last three or four days,
has been broken by the sales in the
.Willlamette Valley amounting to 1320
bales. The hops were bought for for
eign export. The prices ranged from
30. to 30% cents.
Hops Again Moving in Oregon.
CHICAGO^ Oct. 19.— "Bedbugs
shall receive no consideration in this
court, and so far as I can ascsrtala.
no Illinois Judge has ever decided
that the presence of bedbugs shall in
terfere with a written agreement.
Therefore you will have to pay the
$23."
Miss Emma Stetzler's hopes were
dashed; as she heard this decision of
Justice Grant. She Is a teacher in the
public schools and had been sued for
her room rent. Her defense was tliat
it was impossible for her to reside
where there were so many bedbugs as
she found in the home of Mm. E.
Mathew. When the "bedbug dc-tensa
was cast aside all was lost.
Chicago Schoolma'am Must Pay Room
Rent In Spite of Pests'
Presence. ¦•
DESPISED BEDBUG HAS
NO STANDING IN COURT
Shah Orders Arrest of -Men Impli
cated In KilUnjc of Dr. Labor!,
the American Missionary.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— John Tyler,
American Vice Consul General at Te
heran, . Persia, has cabled the State
Department that the Shah has tele
graphed the Crown Prince' of Tabris
to. arrest immediately the murderers of
Dr. Labori, the American missionary
who I was killed many months ago by
fanatical Persians. Some of the men
already have been r apprehended and
Tyler's telegram- Is understood to mean
that the . others are to be brought to
justice. . - ; r> ' ; - ,
PERSIAN MURDERERS TO .-
BE BROUGHT TO JUSTICE
There were thirty-one children
sleeping In the upper rooms of the
home, which was a three-story frame
and brick building. Flames and
smoke cut off escape by the hallways
and several children reached the
ground by leaping from the upper
windows to the roof of an extension
building. The Peterson ch.ldren were
overcome by the smoke in thalr beds.
SHELBYVILLE, 111.. Oct. 19.— The
Middleswork Children's Home was de
stroyed by fire to-day and although
the flames were discovered while the
children were asleep all but two were
rescued. The dead: ;¦ ™
ALFRED PETERSON, 9 years old.
CHARLES PETERSON, 11 years
old.
All but Two Wttle Ones Saved From
Flames Which Destroy Illinois
Home.
FLAMES THREATEN LIVES
- OF SLEEPING CHILDREN
WASHINGTON,. Oct. 19.— The annu
al meeting of the Imperial Council, No
bles of the Mystic Shrine of North
America, to-day elected the following
officers: J. F. Wright, Richmond, Va.,
imperial potentate; John H. Dlckerson
of Jacksonville, Fla., imperial chief
rabban; John H. Walker of Macon, Ga.,
high priest and prophet; A. A. Watts
of Baltimore, imperial treasurer; Mag
nus L. Robinson of Alexandria, Va.,
imperial recorder; . J. H. Murphy of
Baltimore, Imperial Oriental guide;
Thornton A. Jackson of. Washington',
D. C, Imperial lecturer; Michael H.
Robinson of Washington, D. C, imperi
al ceremonial master. ,v ¦
J. F. Wright of Richmond, Va., As
sumes the Office of Imperial
Potentate.
OFFICERS ARE CHOSEN
BY MYSTIC SHRINERS
Fairbanks addressed a mass meeting
in Madison Square .Garden to-night.
Former Secretary of War Root pre
sided and in opening the meeting spoke
chiefly of national Issues, j The applause
that. followed his mention of the, name
of • Roosevelt: lasted seventeen minutes.
George A. Knight j of San Francisco,
who was Introduced as a representative
of the. United States west of the Mis
souri River, also spoke. Knight said
there, would be no disposition on his
part unnecessarily to .criticise • Judge
Parker, but the Democratic candidate
for : President by, his own words had
laid himself open to ..criticism by a
student of public affairs. Every speech
by . Parker seemed to be an effort on
his part to impress on the public mind
the -fact known .to every schoolboy that
this nation has three branches of the
Government — executive,, judicial and
legislative.
'.'Judge Parker's one idea of opposi
tion to the Republican party seems to
be based on his • fear that one of the
branches of ithe Government will en
croach on . another branch," -.he said.
"His fear that this will come to pass
evidently has prevented him from
lucidly, "discussing the questions in
which the ' voters are \ most interested."
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The Repub
lican mass meeting held in Brooklyn
to-night at the Clermont Rink was ad
dressed by Senator Fairbanks and Sec
retary of the Treasury Shaw. The rink
was crowded and the audience a most
enthusiastic one. Previous to the
meeting the speakers were entertained
at. dinner by Former Lieutenant Gov
ernor Woodruff. George Roberts pre
sided, and introduced Senator Fair
banks as the first speaker. Senator
Fairbanks said: •
We are to decide at the ballot-box in No
.vember whether to approve or reject the ad
ministration of President Roosevelt. What his
administration U I we ' know. We witness lta
fruits about us every day. Under it we ar«
enjoying unprecedented prosperity in all the
avenues of human activity. There is peace
and good order at home and we sustain amica
ble relations with all the powers of the world.
For more than three years the President has
been engaged In the consideration of problems
of. moment. What act of hia would we undo
r lf we had the power? What administration
has more " successfully administered our public
affairs? Let us be candid about it. Let us
not unfairly judge what has been accomplished.
¦ We have never had a Democratic adminis
tration under which the people have prospered
to so full a degree as under the administration
of President' Roosevelt.' Is tt the part of na
tional wisdom to overthrow -a successful-ad
ministration and Invite Into power one pledged
to carry' out unwise opposing policies? To do
so Is to invite disaster. It ls to make a play
thing of the ballot. . -
Senator Fairbanks Addresses Voters of
Greater, New York.
SPEAKS TO GREAT THRONG.
To Organize Alumni In San Jose.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 19.
Stanford students residing in San Jose
are planning to organize an alumni as
sociation similar to the one maintained
by the Stanford graduates In San
Francisco. It is the intention to per
fect the organization by November 12,
the date of the intercollegiate foot
ball game, so that the initiatory ban
quet can be held on that night in
conjunction with the San Francisco
organization. The men who are in
terested in the proposed San Jose as
sociation are: H. C. Jones, *0 2; B. J.
Peckham. '03; ,F. A. Nikirk, '04; F.
Roehr, '04; H. R. Fry, '01. and A- M.
Free. '01. . ' :
GUTHRIE, Okla.. Oct. 19. — William
A. Ashbroke of Johnstown. Iowa, cor
responding secretary of the National
Editorial Association, announced to
day that the association would hold Its
next annual session here next May.
Ashbroke estimates that there will
not be fewer than 500 delegates, who
will be accompanied by about 300
members of their families. There will
be a three days' business session here.
The delegates will then go westward
by the Southern Pacific Railroad to
California, visiting San Diego. Red
lands, Riverside, Los Angles and San
Francisco. The delegates will attend
the exoositlon at Portland and go
from there to Chicago and home. The
Itinerary will cover about twenty-five
days. • '. ~ ;
Will Tour the Pacific Coast After
Its Annual Session In
/ Guthrle.
EDITORIAL ASSOCIATION
TO VISIT SAN FRANCISCO
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 19.— Paul
Bodenhamer, assistant cashier of the
Coachella Bank of Riverside County,
was arrested here at a hotel late to
night and is now in jail. He refused to
make a statement of any sort when ar
rested, or to give any Information
about the bank.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— Paul Bod
enhamer of the Coachella Bank to-day
filed a petition in bankruptcy.
Paul Bodenhamer Files a Petition In
Bankruptcy and Is Later
. Taken to Jail.
RIVERSIDE COUNTY BANKER
IS PLACED UNDER ARREST
PORTLAND, Oct. 19. — Ona hundred
tons of California raisins are to be
distributed free at tha Lewis and
Clark Exposition by growers residing
in the district surrounding Fresno,
Cal. This big shipment was originally
Intended for distribution at the St.
Louis Exposition. There developed a
sentiment, however, that the showing
would be of more value if made at the
Lewis and Clark Exposition, and at
the last moment the destination of
the cargo was changed.
Win Be Distributed Without Cost bj
the Growers of Fresno
District.
JFREE CAUFOBXIA RAISINS
t ;>»¦•. AT THE PORTLAND FAIR
MISSOULA BURGLARS MAKE
RICH HAUL AND GET AWAY
IX SHADOW OF GALLOWS
AFTER A LONG FIGHT
Chinese Murderer of San Jose, After
Three Trials and Appeals, at
" Last to Hans.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 19.— A dispatch re
ceived at the District Attorney's office
to-night announces that the United
States Supreme Court at Washington
to-day dismissed the writ of error in
the case of people. versus Lee Look.
The Chinese has been tried three times
for the killing of Lee Wing in this city
four years ago.
Once the Jury disagreed, next time
h* was convicted of murder and sen
tenced to be hanged, but the case
was successfully appealed, because the
information failed to recite that the
murdered man was a human being.
He was again tried and convicted and
again appealed, this time averring er
ror on the part of the committing
mapistrate. Then the "judgment of
the lower court was affirmed and* the
defendant went to the United States
Supreme Court on a writ of error. It
is believed Lee Look has exhausted
his resources and that his execution
cannot be further delayed.
RAISIN PACKERS SAID
-TO HAVE FORMED COMBINE
Blow Up Safe in Business Center ami
Secure Thousands in Cash and
Securities.
BUTTE. Mont.. Oct. 19. — A Miner
special from Mlssoula says a daring;
robbery took place in Missoula last
right when the store of Hathaway,
Buford &. Co., about two blocks from
the business center of the town, was
entered and the safe blown up. Sev
eral thousand dollars in cash, notes,
checks and warrants were secured by
the robbers. The safe door was blown
off with nitro-glycerln and much of
the furniture and surroundings wore
destroyed by the explosion. No on*
was awakened and the robbers seem
to have taken their leisure after get
ting the safe open.
GOVERNMENT RELEASES MANY
ACRES OF FOREST RESERVES
Commissioner Richards of the Gen
cral Land Office Issues Statement
of General Interest.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19. — Commis
sioner Richards of the general land
office to-day made the following
statement:
'There have been, recently released
through the general land office from
temporary withdrawals made for for
est reserve purposes 5.107,500 acres,
as follows: California. 2.217.000
acres; Colorado. 508,800 acres; Idaho.
1,420,800 acres; Montana, 16.240
seres: Nevada, 12,720 acres; Oregon,
582.940 acres; Washington, 235,000
acres." -V.
Reported to Have Joined Forces in
Order to Hold Down
the Price.
FRESNO. Oct. 19. — It is reported
that the raisin packers have entered
irto a combine and bonded themselves
to hold down the price to be paid the
grower and prevent bidding against
each other. The grower will not be
offered more than 2 cents for his new
goods, according to the report.
Color is lent to this report by the
little bidding or business being done.
The disposal of the holdover crop at
advanced figures is the first concern
of the packers. It has been reasoned
that by manifesting no interest in the
new goods and talking low prices, the
growers will be again reduced to the
demoralization point and become anx
ious to sell at whatever ls offered.
Because of the damage by rain, es
timated at from 40 to 60 per cent,
the growers are holding for 3 cents,
as a conservative figure.
UNION OF TWO CHURCHES
INDORSED IN SACRAMENTO
Califo'mlans In New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The following
CalifornJaES are in New York: San
Francisco— D. Callahan, Gilsey; G. R.
Grassman, Broadway Central; W. H.
Harnden, C. J. Heggerty and wife. Ho
tel Astor; U W. Knight, Earllngton:
Mrs. G. A. Knight, Hotel Astar; F. K.
Uppitt. Broadway Central: G. McAr
thur. Park Avenue; D. R. McNelll and
wife. New Amsterdam; H. Murddck,
Hotel- Imperial: W. Probasco, Astor
House; M. Sherrard, I. O. Upham, Ini
perfaU'M. Parbr, Martha Washington;
J. Caffery, Hotel Astor; P. C. Frank
lin. Grand Hotel; W. G. Hlnkelbein.
Imperial; E. H! Merrill and wife,
Navarre; J. B. Moraghan, Imperial; G.
E. Prescott, Murray Hill; W. S. Bab
»on» Westminster; A. Brown Jr., Park
Avenue; W. H. Crim Jr., Marlborough;
L. W. Sanborr and wife. Herald
Square"; L. S. SheV, Hoffman: Mrs. G.
E. Starr, Imperial; C. D. Stuart, Hotel
York. San Diego— W. H. Fraser, Im
perial. Los Angeles— F. I. Bernard,
Mls*es Bernard. Miss Botellier, Holland;
Mrs. W. P. H alii day. Earllngton; T. A.
Thompson, Herald Square; J. Cook.
Astor House; M. A. Davis, Park Ave
nue, v . '
Vote Favors Merging "of Cumberland
• . and Presbyterian.
SACRAMENTO, S Oct. 19. — At the
meeting held to-day of the Sacramento
Presbytery, composed of all the Pres
byterian ministers In the eastern half
of Northern California and the entire
State of Nevada, the question of the
union of the Cumberland church with
the Presbyterian church was discussed
at length and the consolidation of tbe
two bodies was indorsed by an almost
unanimous vote.
The Cumberland church was former
ly part of the Presbyterian ! church,
but the two religious bodies became
separated in 1810 and since that time
have remained apart. The Cumberland
church is strong In Tennessee' and
other States in the South. The matter
of union is to be decided by the votes
of 300 presbyteries, of which the Sac
ramento Presbytery is one. .
MARRIED BY MOONLIGHT
ON STREET IN VENTURA
Young Elopers Ontwit , the Mother of
the Girl Who Was on •
. Their Trail. '
VENTURA. Oct. 19.— It is not often
that the sidewalk is used for a mar
riage altar,, but it was last night in
this ' city. In the moonlight Judge
Boling united Alexandro Ouljada and
Francisca Cordero on Santa Clara
street. The mother of ; the Spanish
maiden objected to the marriage, • and
the girl and her sweetheart set out
determined to be made one.
They telephoned to Judge Boling and
then called for him. The girl's mother
was hot- on the trail and, the young
lovers . insisted .that the ceremony
take place on the street. The Justice
saw the dilemma and with the stars as
witnesses united the couple.
BUFFALO WILIi RETURN
TO YARD AT VALLEJO
-Will Have Her Xew Boilers Installed
at Mare. - Island Instead of in . ¦
'" the East. ' !
VALLEJO, Oct.* 1 9/— The - Buffalp,
which is now jOiiti with "naval appreiif
tlces for the Ohio;' will "shortly' return
to the navy yard instead of going East
to have three new boilers installed.
Fitzgerald Murphy, playwright, had
the principal role In a thrilling bit
of impromptu., domestic drama enacted
last Tuesday night in the Hotel Mere
dith, 252. Turk street,! where he occu
pies apartments with his wife, who
carried the feminine lead. The other
active characters were M. E. Revis,
manager of the hotel, and two brothers
of undisclosed identity. Patrolmen J.
S. Hielt and F. C- Kracke were in at
the finale and escorted the leading man
to the City Prison, where he was book
ed for battery and disturbing the
peace.
By way of prologue it may be stated
that Mr. Murphy and his better half
have been residents of this city ever
since he came from New York to direct
the staging of his dramatic adaptation
of Wagner's "Parsifal" at an O'Farrell
street playhouse. Despite the fact that
he has constructed several stage suc
cesses his income has been inadequate
to meet his household demands 'and a
few weeks ago his wife went to work
in a concert hall. He compelled her
to leave the place, but she accepted an
engagement in a house j of similar
character and it was his protest against
her 'disregard of his desire that de
veloped the tempestuous scene of which
the. climax was his arrest He was
quarreling with the woman when Revis
and two of his boarders entered the
room and seized him. They pinned his
arms, but ere he was entirely subju
gated he swung a free foot against
Mr. Revis' nose, damaging that organ
rather seriously. Then the police did
the rest.
The case will be heard this morning
before Police Judge Mogan. Revis says
the Murphys have quarreled almost In
cessantly and the husband Invariably
seemed to be the aggressor. Murphy
declares that he considers himself en
titled to the privilege of remonstrating
against h^p wife frequenting cheap con
cert halls: and he claims also the pre
rogative of protesting against the for
cible entry of uninvited persons to his
apartments, even though one of those
persons happens to be the manager
of the house in which the apartments
are situate. Whatever the outcome of
his arrest may be he proposes to di
vorce the woman whose revolutionary
behavior primarily led to it. He mar
ried her about seven years ago, he says,
and since then has supported, as well
as his means would allow, both her and
her child by a former husband.
Mrs. Murphy declines to discuss the
case-
; Mrs. : Frances" Forsythe, who shot and
killed the Japanese proprietor of a
Kearny-street' shooting gallery, ¦ was
arraigned before Judge Mogan on ,a
charge of felony, to "wit, murder:';
"Felony?" she exclaimed in' tone of
surprise. "I don't see how it can be
felony when I was drunk at the time."
"Your condition at the time of the
shooting cannot be taken Into consid
eration now," said /the Judge.
"Humph! That's strange," was the
rejoinder. "I Just came down town to
do some shopping and happened" — -
Further narration was prevented by
the Judge abruptly setting the case for
hearing next Thursday. The woman
stated that she was unable to engage
counsel and the court appointed Attor
ney Taafe to protect her Interests at
the preliminary examination.
William McGreeny stole five long
lightning rods from the spot on Bay
street, near Fillmore, where they had
been deposited by employes of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company.
He declared it was his firm conviction
that the rods belonged to nobody, but
Judge Mogan pronounced him guilty
of petty larceny and will sentence him
this morning.
• • •
Michael J. O'Rourke; a policeman
testified, swindled housewives • in the
Mission district \ by 1 Informing- 'them
that if they , purchased a I jar > of his
cream for the complexion he. would
send a e female hairdresser to arrange
their coiffures and charge them not one
cent for the visitation. The cream It
self, he is alleged to have declared, was
worth more than the price he asked for
it, as all kinds of facial blemishes, not
excluding, crowsfeet, disappeared under
its application as snow melts away
beneath the, gentle influence of the
Chinook.- Several ladies who bought
cream and waited in vain for the hair
dresser ,complained of Mr. O'Rourke's
conduct, and he was caught in the act
of interviewing a credulous matron by
the 'sleuth that was dispatched from
the Seventeenth-street* police station
to gather him in. Judge Cabanlss has
continued the hearing until to-morrow.
: James Beggs was convicted of rob
bing' telephone boxes last April, 'but
Judge Fritz continued the case indefi
nitely an condition that he would fulfill
his promise to go to Australia and stay
there. He went to the Antipodes, but
did not stay there, and two hours after
his return to this city he was arrested
at'- Ellis and Mason streets. Now he ls
before Judge Mogan on the old charge
of petty larceny and will be given a
hearing; to-day. : , , -
• • Joseph Royder has been convicted of
carrying a deadly weapon and must
answer an. additional charge of threat
ening to kill Arthur Harrison, superin
tendent of the Sutro Baths, from whose
service he was dismissed last Saturday.
The following day he called on Mr..
Harrison and, displaying a . revolver,
requested that gentleman to equip him
self, with a similar. weapon and engage
in a duel to the death. Instead offac
cepting the invitation, Mr." Harrison
gave him Into custody.: V ?/-:
"Did you really. mean to. engage in a
pistol duel?" Judge Mogan asked 'the
defendant."
. "Certainly," was the K answer. >' "I
wanted to flghthim fairly."
.^;The threat-to-kill 'charge will- be
heard' to-day. <".."
' -To accommodate .Vincent O'Neill's aia
ter, a schoolmarm in an interior county,
John , Harris, , a Grant-avenue ;¦ saloon
keeper, fcashed-'her .'salary warrant |for
$65. and;. then; employed^Vincent himself
to ."go ? and present" the warrant ,¦ f or/ re-
Rons From Shaker.
- ¦ Le*IIe Sterilized Salt for, table, kitchen, bath.
Tnt rucnlag. Its "purity guaranteed. Try: it.»
Riverside, was selected, as the place
for the next convention, to be held In
April, 1905. Reports of committees
followed.' The committee on nomin
atoins I named - as president of the
State Irrigation Association A. M.
Drew of Fresno, and for secretary
George T. McCabe of Stanislaus, each
to succeed himself.
The. committee on resolutions made
a report urging- that special attention
be paid to irrigation laws by the Leg
islature. The session then adjourned.
MODESTO, Oct. 19. — The second
day of the State Irrigation Association
convention was marked by addresses
by J. P. Lukens of the United States
Bureau of Forestry, Professor Shaw of
the State University, E. S. Wangen
helm of Newman and a lengthy paper
by William E. Smythe, which was
read to the convention by J. W. Webb
of Fresno.
Special Dltpatch to The Call.
"Race Suicide" was the subject of the
address of Miss Jennie A. Barrett.
"Steps Toward Freedom" was discussed
by Mrs. Dr. Alida C. Avery. She spoke
of what women have accomplished in
the law and the , ministry, as well as
the medical profession.
This evening's programme was open
ed with a devotional service by Mrs.
E D. Briggs. The Young Ladles' Chor
al of the State Normal School sang two
selections which were well received.
An address by Mrs. S. M- M. Wood
man on "The Three Great Monopolies"
followed. A recitation by Mrs. Mary
Fletcher Norwood, an anniversary
poem by Mrs. Elizabeth Ross Miller,
and "Battle Hymn of the Crusade,"
rendered by Mrs. Renowden Bailey,
completed the exercises.
Delegates to the, national convention
at Philadelphia on November 20 were
selected at the afternoon session of the
W. C. T. ' U. Convention, as follows:
Mrs. Anna K. Bidwell. Mrs. Adams
Knowles, Mrs. Mary Tougier, . Mrs.
Mary F. Norwood.- Mrs. Alice Boyce,
Mrs. B. A. Finch, Mrs. Alice Stalker-
At the business session twelve coun
ties pledged ,$25 each for the work. One,
Butte, pledged $50. Local unions and
individuals made donations. A large
amount was raised In a short time.
CHICO. Oct. 19^-The State W. C. T.
U. Convention this morning proceeded
to the election of officers for the rom
ing year. Mrs. B. Sturtevarit-Peet was
re-elected oresident for her fourteenth
term- Vice President at Large Mrs.
S. J. Door was re-elected. The other
officers are: First vice president, Mrs.
Elizabeth Tloss Miller; eecond vice
president, Mrs. S. M. Woodman; corre
sponding secretary, - Miss Anna Chase;
recording secretary, Mrs. D. J. Spen
cer; treasurer, Mrs. Emily Hoppln; au
ditor, Mrs. Blanche English.
The session to-day was marked by
much enthusiasm. One Hundred and
twenty-four 'ladles were present to
vote. When Mrs- Sturtevant-Peet was
re-elected the entire auQlence rose to
its feet and applauded. Addresses of
welcome were made by Rev. L. L. Ab
bott, Rev. T. G. Picton and Rev. W.
M. Martin.
Simons disappeared October 9, leav
ing his wife penniless. Simons had
been acting queerly fbr some time. It
is said that he had been drinking con
siderably and that he had been gainb
llne.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19.— Is J. O.
Simons, the banker of Los Angeles
Camp No. 402. Woodmen of the World,
lost in the wilds of the San Bernardino
Mountains? Is he demented and stray
ing among strangers, or has he flown
from Los Angeles to escape the deficit
of almost $1000 that is said to have been
discovered in the accounts of the Los
Angeles Camp? This last suggestion
appears to explain the reason for the
sudden disappearance of the well
known Woodman and dancing master,
for a complaint was lodged against him
yesterday in Justice Young's court by
officers of the organization of which he
was the treasurer;
Epeclal Dlepatch to The Call.
Labor Denounces Governor Bates.
LOWELL. Mass., Oct. 19. — To
d.iy's sessions of the United Textile
Workers of America's convention
were occupied with action on the re
ports of committees and several pro
posed resolutions. Among other reso
lutions adopted was one condemning
Governor Bates for vetoing the over
time bill for women and children.
Pending amalgamation the name of
the. International Longshoremen's
Union has been changed to the Inter
national Marine and Transport Work
ers' Association. The union also now
takes in all workers at the docks, as
does the English organization.
General Organizer Robinson of the
American Federation of Labor states
that the movement for amalgamation
has betn In progress for some years
and that a mass meeting probably will
be. called here while Delegate Wignall
of the International Longshoremen's
Union of Great Britain is in America
Xxr ditcuss the question and take pre
liminary steps toward the amalgama
tion.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Two fraternal
delegates from the British Trades
Union Congress to the next convention
of the American Federation ef Labor
have sailed from London and upon
their arrival plans will be discussed
for an amalgamation of the English
and American long-shoremen in an in
ternational union, with about 150,000
members.
. Advertisers and business men inter
ested, in the '', work of the association
are 'welcome to "the meeting at !tne
Chamber of Commerce, Saturday aft
ernoon at 2:30.
S. -T. Clover, managing editor Lo« Angeles
Express ; George H. Stewart; Gall Borden;
Abbott Ktnney, publisher of the Saturday
Pont: W. D. Curtis, Wlnfleld Scott, J. W. Ec
cleston and C. W. Fleming.
The following committees ' are In charge :
Entertainment committee — R. A. Read. 41T
Johnnon building: V. C. Beck, H. C. Ackerly.
<j Reception committee — A. F.' Hoehner, Irv
ing Smith, T. Newman. Press committee-
Irving Smith, George KaU, W; H. Bryan, H.
C. Ackerly. , . • - , .« • ¦
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— Los An
geles will be the best advertised city
in America after next Saturday. On
that day the advertising men of the
Pacific Coast and Western States will
meet here in convention. This will be
the first regular meeting of. the Pacific
Coast Advertising Men's Association,
which was formed in San Francisco. in
July, and will be held in Assembly
Hall. Chamber of Commerce building,
beginning at 2:30 p. m. on the day
named. In the evening the members
will gather at a banquet at the Ange
lus Hotel.
Not ; to overlook the opportunity of
such an occasion, the local members of
the association will take their visiting
brethren In hand on Sunday to show
them some of the beauties of Los An
geles. Through the courtesy of the
Pacific Electric Railway the advertis
ing men will spend the day in a private
car, leaving Sixth and Main streets at
9:30 in the morning and returning at
2:30 in the afternoon. They will visit
the ostrich farm, Pasadena, Lamanda,
Baldwins ranch and Monrovia. At
Baldwin's a typical Southern Califor
nia lunch will be served with all the
usual accompaniments.
Many prominent newspaper and
other advertising men will be present
at the convention and make addresses
on different subjects pertaining to ad
vertising. E. W. Hazen, president of
the Agate Club of Chicago, an associa
tion of advertising men of the Windy
City, and who is also Western man
ager of the Curtis Publishing Com
pany, will speak. Other out-of-town
speakers include Alfred Holman, editor
of the Sacramento Record-Union; H. P.
Stabler of Yuba City, president of the
association and chairman of the Cali
fornia Fruit Growers' Advertising
Committee; R. C. Ayres of San Fran
cisco, J. A. Johnston of San Francisco,
vice president of the Pacific Coast Ad
vertising Men's Association, and G. C.
Barnhart of San Francisco. Los An
geles men who will make addresses in
clude:
Special Dispatch to The Call
Ladies Greet Result With
Great Enthusiasm—Other
Officers Elected for Year
Southern City Making Great
Preparations to Entertain
Visitors Who Will Attend
Resolutions Passed Calling
for Further Laws From
California's Legislature
International Association
Would Have Membership
of 150.000 to Start With
Left the City Ten Days Ago
With Wife Unprovided For
and Has Not Been Seen
A SHORTAGE OF $1000
John McMullen, -Kfrrested for display
ing a'pistorfrr a 'Pacific-street saloon;
fiercely fought the 'two policemen who
undertook to disarm him and Judge
Mogan will sentence him to-day for
disturbing the peace and carrying a
deadly weapon. Mr. McMullen said he
was employed on the steamship Queen
and that incarceration for anything
like a protracted period will cost him
his job.
• ¦ ¦ * ' ¦ •
Thomas B. Rogers, who arrived from
Australia a few days ago and will em
bark on his return voyage to-morrow,
had a large revolver of English manu
facture in a side pocket of his coat as
he toured the Barbary Coast last Tues
day night, and several saloon habitues
who accidentally bumped against the
concealed weapon and subsequently as
certained its character united in com
plaint to a policeman, who arrested
Mr. Rogers.
"Hln the Haustralian gold fields,
where I kem from." Mr. Rogers ex
plained to Judge Cabaniss, "hit's no
hoffehse to 'ave a pistol hin yer pocket,
ye know. Hevery gentleman carries
a revolver to protect himself with."
"Then," quoth the Judge, "you would
better take your revolver back to the
gold fields. In this land gentlemen'de
pend upon the laws for protection of
their lives and property."'- Case dis
missed. .
• • •
William Burrows, cadaverous and
tattered, neither attempted to deny
that he uttered unearthly yells at Cali
fornia and Stockton streets night be
fore laBt nor volunteered explanation
of his reasons for uttering them. The
complaining policeman cast some light
on the subject, however, by opining
that. Mr. Burrows was a "hophead" and
fancied he saw things ' which had no
material existence, said opinion being
based upon the defendant's physical
and mental defects. Mr. Burrows will
be sentenced for vagrancy by Judge
Mogan.
It was in a traffic Jam on lower Third
street that Moses Isaacstein's head was
smitten, with a whip in the hand of
John Leonardlno. Mr. Isaacstein was
driving a horse and wagon and when
he "turned out" to permit the passage
of a- southbound car chockful of pas
sengers his vehicle collided with a
heavy dray hauled by two horses
steered by Mr. Leonardino. After a brief
exchange of language the alleged as
sault was committed. Two witnesses
for the prosecution swore that Mr.
Leonardino exploded most of the lan
guage and that some of it was unfit
for publication. Judge Cabaniss fined
Mr. Leonardino $5.
demptlon and bring back the money.
Vincent t obeyed one-half of his Instruc
tions.; He got the money, but Instead
of bringing it to Mr. Harris he re
mained in the country and spent it for
strong waters. 'When he did return to
the city Mr. Harris had him arrested
for felony embezzlement, but Judge
Cabanlss dismissed the case becauee
the complainant, in his haste to get
the defendant into custody, had neg
lected to formally demand the $65.
DREW AGAIN PRESIDENT
HER F0UKTEENTH TERM
LOS ANGELES SELECTED
MOVEMENT AX OLD ONE
Fitzgerald Murphy Is Quarreling With
His Wife When Landlord.Inter
feres and- Is Kicked.
! J. 0. Simons of Woodmen in
j Los Angeles Accused by
the Members of the Order
British Dock Laborers May
Amalgamate With Ameri
can Longshoremen's Union
First Regular Gathering of
Pacific Coast Association
, Will Take Place Saturday
Mrs; Sturtevant-Peet Once
More Chosen President at
the Convention in Chico
Irrigation Association Has
Another Busy Day at Its
. Convention in . Modesto
TO FORM GREAT
ORGANIZATION
AGAIN HONORED
BY W. C. T. U.
ADVERTISING
MEN TO MEET
BANKER GONE,
COIN MISSING
TO MEET NOT
IN RIVERSIDE
MAKER OF PLAYS
POSES IN COURT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY OCTOBER 20, 1904.
- Only > four more sale dates - for cheap ' tickets
to \ the \ FUr-^Oct.- WCb,: 20th; ¦ Wth 4 and , 27th:;
For.'- Dartleulars . rtlativ* i to : making '¦' tiia '¦¦ ov«r
ff orthern ' Pacific ¦ Railway. • see -T. . K. Stateler.
General Arent, 647 Market St.." S. F. - •
Last Chance to' See World's Fair.
WALMER CASTLE, Kent. Eng
land; Oct ; 19. — It .was announced this
afternoon that \ Lord • Curzon ; has ;, post
poned his departure to India until the
end of November. ."Lady Curzon main
tains her." improvement.
4
FREE — — FREE ——FREE
,""•;-»•¦ •••-¦• WITH :"¦¦-¦•¦¦¦¦ -
-——SUNDAY CALL — —
>~ T ~- WANT ADS.
Your Choice of Two Premiums,
:=-; .- ..-••'*¦-¦: : -->. Either a" "::-;: 7^-':"^
—LIGHTNING BREAD and—
;' — - — CAKE KNIFE
- : '- * ¦ ; or *: '"- ¦-¦=
-— -NUT SET
(Six' Nut- Picks f ana a Crack.)
Scj Small ; Ad. Page for Fur-
;- ' ' ¦; -¦¦ - : ther xParticulars^fiV i;^
ADVKliTlSE31EyTS. ? . > v t
0MBO1DTJ
flH CIGARS
wMm Nothing adds
||||||j more to the joy
|||||i of good living
fpiiii thangoodsmok-
iriraPI in^ - ™ ere ls
»Ky!| ?- n individuaJ
}§*||||§ joy wrapped in
MBm ALEXANDER
pl|| HVMBOLDT
Jm^^^J SOLD EVBRIWRJtHJL
t£l£p|j|9 All atxea. lOe. ¦».
Jfcjsfiif OtST*l8UTOA>-4A**BA«Ci3C0,G«»
fPlraigSf BUSTILLO BA05 & DIAZ
No Breakfast Table
complete without
EPPSS
The Cream of Cocoas.
COCOA
• )j- The ; Most Nutritious j^ '.*-
and Economical. •*•'-»
CARTERS! CUra3 SICK HEADACML
ClrrTi.E Genuina Must Bear
I • VER Fac-Simila Slgnatun •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦ — ~~-
f j Brlrf It to me aad exchaag* tt H
fj as payment toward a new one. I ¦
¦ have rood RAZORS AS LOW AS W
H f 1.OU. Try one of ray Crack-a-jack Jl
R POCKET KNIVES (I
I j In variety of »ty]es and shapes. H
II with high daes ateel In blades, and "l.'m '
1! pat together artistically and <Jur- S
*¦ • RAZOR* STROPS yon* can depend '.¦ 8
¦ on. We guarantee thtm 91JVO
I* Full line ef SCISSORS and other ft
ra , kinds ef Cutlery.- - - ...v . If
J-j - .. Razors • Honed and",* Ground.. M
M Tb« latest and bent In Fountain ¦? \I
a Pens It CONKLIN-g SELF-FILt,- • <J
U. ING PEN. Prevents retUnr fin- ' ¦
¦ I - Fer* dirty and does not su-eat or B
¦I leak. Mall Orders Promptly Fllled.'Vfl j
I THAT MAN PIT IS. I
n tJHi w'* fWTS." The Ptattoner, 3 .
\tt - 1008 Market et., «pp. Fifth, fi.? F. • S3WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. — General
George . D; Ruggles.* retired, -for; many
years manager of the Soldiers'. Home
la this ; city, died here to-night.
Death Calls General Haggles.
WACO, Tex., Oct. 19. — Representa
tives of* Mississippi planters are em
ploying whole families of Mexicans for
work in that State. There' is a general
movement in Mississippi. It Is said; to
get rid of the negro laborer, as far as
possible.
Mexicans Preferred : to Negroes.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Vice Chan
cellor Pitney In Jersey City to-day dis
missed the temporary Injunction' re
straining the Consolidated.' Continent
al 'and American Tobacco companies
from , carryir.gr < out ¦ the proposed
merger.
Injunction Dismissed.
The Grand Jury, will convene at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon and jwrlll receive
the reply from Judge Lawlor to .the
request made in the form of a resolu
tion at the last meeting that he In
struct, the District Attorney, to "take
steps. to r oust the Election Commission
ers, who are charged with failure to
obey the law In appointment of pre
cinct boards. The communication from
the court will be a lengthy expounding
of ' the law and will /advise It as • to; Its
rights and 'duties In -the premises. : I
- Judge Lawlor having failed to } give
the" Instructions- to \the 'District Attor
ney as requested, the Grand- Jury, may
adopt a resolution asking . him to pro
ceed without, any; directions • from the
court. Action * will . depend ¦ on how : the
situation presents Itself .this, afternoon,
for. the discord : among « the ; jurors : has
reached a serious stage. There are .- at
present only ¦-" ten members ; that * can be
counted on to proceed against the Elec
tion Commission , ox, any. branch ; of j the
municipal, administration.";.:' Some,.* of
these . will ; be absent * and v It' Is
therefore i a question whether any . steps
Grand Jury's Situation as to Election
Commission Uncertain.
TO RECEIVE LA WLOR'S REPLY.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— F. B. Parrott,
assistant superintendent of a promi
nent life insurance company, was ar
rested here to-day on a warrant charg
ing bigamy. It is charged that a pack
age of goods directed to Parrott's
second wife fell Into the hands of Mrs.
Parrott No. 1 and led to the. discov
ery of Parrott's alleged double life.
Misdirected Bundle Leads to Arrest of
Chicago Man on Charge
- of Bigamy.
HAS PACKAGE SENT HOME
TO THE WRONG FIRESIDE
HAVAXA. Oct. 1». — The minority m*mb*n
of the Senate Special Committee on the Sani
tatSrra cf Cltie« to-cay submitted s bill appro
priating S2.000.0no for the purpose. The sani
tary eosditioRs of the cities in the eastern
portion cf Cub* are becoming trors*.
For Portland Exposition.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 19. — At a meeting
to-day of the United States Govern
ment Board of the St. Louis Exposi
tion it was decided to -ship 60 per
cent of the Government exhibits to' the
L*wis aud Clark Exposition at Port
land, Ore. v-v;'-"^V
' The application" of Louis Ferrari
for a-wrifof mandate compelling the
Board of Election Commissioners to
place his name: on the .official ballot
as Democratic candidate j for \ Justice
of > the Peace was denied yesterday
morning by Judge Sloss. In- an- oral
opinion the court said that the peti
tioner, had advanced two points, -the
first of which. was that the term of of^.
flee of a Justice of the Peace was'two
years undar the charter Instead' of
four years, provided In the Code of
Civil Procedure. Judge Sloss held
that > It was well established that the
creation of Justices' courts was not a .
matter of municipal.- concern, but a 1
part >of the v - Judicial • system of/ the
State, and the provision of the charter
would have to "yield to th'e general
law. .The general law fixing the term
at four years would have to control.
Assuming that the .term is for four
years and the last election for-Jus
tices of- the Peace was held- in 1902.
the term of ; Isidore Golden, appointed
by ;the Governor- to fill the place of
Percy ; V. Long, resigned, would not
expire '.until. January. 1907. Golden,
said: the court, was appointed 'under
a provision 'of the constitution and < the
second point .was whether he had « been
appointed ,for r the balance of f the uri
explf ed \ term or. nntll the next general
election. The' court - declared -that J If
the" question? werei a new, one. it might
be :• argued ; with some - force t that his
term or office only held- until the elec
tion next; month, but - there .1 had been
a: construction of ; the; point .by the Su
preme .Court *n the case ; of the people
against Budd: ", ;>, It ,was therein ; held
that ; "the -next election by, the" people"
meant the' next election at 'which that
office (Lieutenant V Governor) >. would
be (voted; for. . .. r
;,The [next election; for, Justice ; of the
Peace in jthis^county wIU : be ' In k l 306,'
when' live- Justices are to : be ' elected.'
Judge . Sloss. Decides That Justice
: Golden Holds Office Until 1907.
FERRARI NOT ON BALLOT.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Oct. 19.—
George C. Nordinl of San Francisco
has been appointed Chinese Inspector
at El Paso. Texas. - John J. Plumb of
Vallejo and Leland F. Hind of Santa
Cruz are appointed in Immigration ser
vice at Port Townsend. Wash.
Many changes In the California mall
service are reported to-day. Special
service to Rowland, Los Angeles Coun
ty, from Puente Is discontinued. Rail
road postofflce car service from Port
Costa to Los Angeles discontinued.
Electric car service Is changed from
Diamond to Frultvale. service In name
of Oakland Traction Consolidated; also
Oakland to S- P- R. at Haywards.
Star service changed from Ruther
ford to Lomitas. from November 25 to
begin at St.' Helena, omitting Ruther
ford; carrier traveling by Conn Valley
read. ¦
Many Changes in California Mail Ser
vice — Appointments to Positions
Under Bureaus.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
STERLING, I1L, Oct. 19.— Mr. and
Mrs. George H. Cassens. living six
railes northwest of this city, to-day re
ceived a second letter of congratula
tions from President Roosevelt on be
lcg the parents of sixteen children.
The parents recently named the six
teenth child Edith Alice Theodora
Roosevelt in honor of members of the
President's family, and sent the Presi
dent photographs of the entire family.
Among other things In the letter of
congratulation the President eays he
has decided to have the photographs
framed and placed In the White
House.
President WIH Hang Photographs of
an Illinois Family In the
White House.
PRAISE FOR THE PARENTS
OF SIXTEEN CHILDREN
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19. — Acting Consul
Cheshire cables the State Department from
Cantcn that the work on the Canton- Hankow-
Ratlway faas been stopped. The Inference is
that the eteppagre Is caused by the lack of
funds. . ,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— President
Roosevelt to-day appointed Ira Harris
as supervising Inspector of the steam
boat Inspection service of the Second
District of New York In place of Rob
ert S. Rodle, removed.
Ira Harris Succeeds Rodle.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 1.— Bishop H.
W. Warren of the Methodist Episcopal
church, whose home Is In Denver, hav
ing recently returned from India and
the Philippines, called on President
Roosevelt to-day to express his appre
ciation of the American policy in the
Islands. -
Commends Philippine Policy.
Charles Wyman, who was held. to
answer by Judge Cabanlss oh Tuesday
on the charge of fraudulent voting at
the primaries, was brought before
Superior Judge. Cook yesterday morn
ing in response to the, writ of habeas
corpus . Issued the evening , before.
Counsel were not ready to go. forward
with the argument on the petition for
release and the hearing was continued
to October 31 at 10 a. m.
Ball was fixed at $2500 cash or
$4000 bond. Public Works Commis
sioner Maestretti produced the re
quired cash and the accused saloon
keeper was given temporary freedom.
Judge Cook announced that he will
not consider any points that were
ruled upon by Judge Sloss. Attorney
Countryman will base his chief con
tention on the question as to .whether
the statute is operative that provides
penalties for violations of the primary
law. This was not given serious at
tention by Judge Sloss. Judge Cook
said that he would ask Judge Sloss to
sit with him at the hearing.
Joseph Rebstock, indicted for mis
conduct as an election officer, has not
been arraigned as yet. His attorneys
will contest the Indictment oh the
ground that the three jurors who.re
fused to go into court when It was
returned were compelled by order of
court to da so; the theory being s that
the charge will not stick because it
was presented under duress.
Henri ng on Writ Postponed and Pris
oner Released on Ball. t !
WYMAN BEFORE JUDGE COOK.
People From Tliis City Inscribe Their
Names on Register at the
California Building.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 19. — The following
visitors are registered at the Califor
nia building:
From San Francisco — L. A. Shad
burne. A. Gayetti, Mrs. S. E. Gayetti,
F. Gayetti, Mrs. M. Hyman, T. C.
Donnell, A; B. Campbell, Mrs. R. B.
Wallace, Mrs. C. L. Bradley, Mrs. B.
McDonald, J. Johnson. B. Cohn, L.
Farnsworth, J. Skeliy. E. J. Hayden,
Mrs. P. Rehflsch. P. F. Dundon, Mrs.
J. Waves, Mrs. L. H. Griffith and son,
F. Bedell, J. Perry and wife, L. S.
Sherman, D. C. Stewart. S. H. Cham
berlain, J. IC Moffitt. E. Stoddard and
wife. F. E. Manchester and wife. L.
Kalman, Mrs. L. Kalman, Mrs. O.
Thompson, E. H. Tharp, Mrs. P.
Hong, S. Francis,' A. Whantsler, S.
Green, E. L. McCormick, Mrs. R.
Morrow, Mrs. T. Holt. E. J. Dalton, G.
Chadburne, W. E. Rowland and wife.
A. C. Day and wife. F. Greenhood, S.
S. Don and wife. W. J. 'Denny. F. F.
Denny, Mrs. C. D. Bunker. Mrs. E.
C. Clarke, Mrs. J. B. Winshlp, Mrs.
C. Loupe.- Mrs. C L. Hovey and R.
Hovey.
The De Wolf child disappeared from
home and was gone two weeks. On
her return she told of having been
tcken away by the Bishops, who run
a peddling wagon, driving through
th<? country. They forced the child
to entertain men in a big covered
wapon. plied her with liquor and ter
rified her with threats of punishment
should she attempt to escape.
At the investigation it developed
that the Bishops have been doing this
sort of thing in a systematic way in
league with other peddlers who oper
ate in this section- They take girls
at one town and then leave them in
immoral resorts In some other place.
It is said three similar charges will be
lodged against the Bishops. They
have disappeared.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa. Oct. 19.— Mrs.
Emrr.a de Wolf to-day swore out a
warrant for William Bishop and wife,
< htrging them with having abducted
Elsie de Wolf, aged 14 years, and
forced her to a life of shame.
Investigation Reveals Systematic Plan
of a League of Itinerant
Merchants.
MANY SAN FRANCISCANS
VISIT WORLD'S FAIR
PEDDLERS ABDUCT GIRLS
FROM TOWNS IN IOWA
. WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— By. order of
the War Department, First Lieutenant
Edward . B. Vedder, assistant surgeon,
is relieved from further duty as as
sistant to the curator. Army Medical
Museum, surgeon general's office, and
upon expiration of his , present sick
leave of absence will proceed to San
Francisco and report to the command
ing general of the Department of Cal
ifornia for transportation to the Phil
ippine Islands, on transport leaving
about December 1. there to report for
duty. Private George W. Bates, Hos
pital Corps, Fort Leavenworth, Kan.,
will be sent to San Francisco, report
ing on arrival to the commanding of
ficer of Company B. Hospital Corps,
who will send him to Manila on trans
port sailing about November 1.
Armr Orders.
CHARLES WTMAV. WHO HAS BEEN HELD FOR TRIAL OX AN INDICTMENT
CHARGING HIM WITH BALLOT-BOX STUFFING. AND WHO WAS BE
FORE JUE»GE COOK YESTERDAT ON A WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day began the
hearing of arguments in the case of the
Western Union -Telegraph Company
against the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company, involving the right of the
telegraph company to maintain its
lines along the railroad's right of way.
The case grows out of the effort by the
railroad company to enforce the remo
val of the telegraph company's wires
and tfoles from its right of way. The
railroad company Is under temporary
Injunction not to make the removal
until the court finally disposes of the
case. The telegraph company claims
the right to maintain Its line where it
stands, on the ground that the Penn
sylvania Railroad is a postal road.
Case of Western Union Telegraph
Company Against Pennsylvania
Railroad in Federal Tribunal.
SUPREME COURT BEGINS
HEARING OF ARGUMENTS
"So long as the theater complied
with all* the municipal regulations no
official In the city could molest our
business," said one of the stockhold
ers last night. "I cannot see for the
life of me what ground there Is for
an Investigation by the Grand Jury-
Ruef never had us In his power.
When the witnesses shall have told
their stories It will be plain that
there Is nothing irregular. The men
who are so energetically In pursuit of
Abe Ruef's political scalp will find
that they have slipped a cog. The In
quiry will come to naught. In fact. It
will result to the advantage of Ruef
and the city's administration, because
it will set these ugly rumors at rest."
A number of the stockholders of
the Baldwin Theater, were served with
subpenas yesterday to come before
the Grand Jury this afternoon.
Among. them are Charles Leonhardt
Jr.. who conducts a saloon and cafe
at 1200 Market street, and W. E. Tif
fany, who manages the theater.
Grand Jurors who have been - in
quiring Into the affairs of the Schmltz
administration have been making In
dividual investigation of the reports
concerning Ruef and the Baldwin
Theater. In behalf .of the Schmltz
administration It Is alleged that ' the
chief aim of the Investigators la to do
politics. ( - •
At any rate. Ruef la to have a go
with the Grand Jury, or rather a ma
jority of Its membership, for there Is
serious discord among the nineteen
citizens , good and true over the politi
cal aspect of many of the Investiga
tions.
From the Ruef side comes the
statement that he paid the regular
price for his shares, merely venturing
into what looked to him to be a good
business proposition. He was ap
pointed attorney for the corporation,
and the assurance Is made that there
is nothing in his connection with the
theater that will not bear the light of
day.
It is charged, on the other hand,
that his services as attorney were
merely for subterfuge, the stock being
actually given to him.
Ruef is a stockholder In the corpor
ation which owns the theater, and ac
cording to the reports that actuate the
Grand Jury in probing the matter he
exerted' his administration Influence to
make a very satisfactory deal in the
purchase of shares.
# Those who have laid the matter be
fore Foreman Lllienfeld promise sensa
tional revelations. They allege that
Ruef will be placed in the light of
v.ielding municipal authority to profit
his pocket. The theater must comply
with regulations that boards of .the
city's administration enforce, and it is
charged against the attorney that he
used his influence with these boards to
compel the corporation to allow him an
interest In the business.
The informants against Ruef are
strenuously after his scalp. They say
that when the agitation was on as a
result of the Iroquois Theater disaster
in Chicago, to force showhouses to give
ample protection to their patrons from
fire, he took advantage of the oppor
tunity to get hold of a block of stock
in the Baldwin Theater. It was given
him. "A clerk in his office, It" is further
alleged, has attended the meetings; of
the directors as his representative'.
The Grand Jury will to-day turn Its
spotlight on Abe Ruef. In the Investi
gation of the present municipal admin
istration that has been conducted with
vigor on the part of a number of the
jurors, the attorney and political ad
viser of the Mayor has not escaped-
His connection with the Baldwin The
ater, a ten-cent showhouse that open
ed at 926 Market street about three
months ago, must now be explained.
His friends say the explanation will
clear up things at once and be a re
buke to his enemies.
There is strong probability that the
merchants will not be content wfth
efforts to remove the Election Commis
sioners. If the District Attorney should
not seek to punish them further than
by ouster, the Merchants' Association
may prefer felony accusations.
"Election Commissioner A. W. Voor
sanger is denouncing some of us mem
bers of the Grand Jury for taking steps
against "his board, but the fact re
mains." said Foreman Lilienfleid yes
terday,' "that according to the evi
dence adduced before us three mem
bers of the , board of election officers
In the Eightieth or Almshouse pre
cinct were political henchmen in. the
employ of the Public Works Depart
ment of the city, and that not one of
the six officers was legally qualified for
the Eervice.'.' ,/,
against the Commissioners will be at
tempted.
District Attorney Byington will not
return from the East till the end of
the week, but his assistants, Robert
Ferral, Porter Ashe and R. V. Whit-
Ing, are unanimous that any request
from the Grand Jury, whether sup
ported by twelve members, as Is re
quired for formal action, or by only a
majority of the body, ought to be com
plied with if^it conveys Information
that a crime has been committed.
The public affairs committee of the
Merchants" Association had a confer
ence with Attorneys Wright and Hos
mer yesterday concerning prosecutions
for fraud at the primary election. The
detectives are still employed gathering
evidence, with a view to making more
arrests.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19. — Israel Zans
will, the author and playwright, ac
companied by his bride, who was
Edith Ayreton, the English authoress,
arrived here to-night on the Teutonic
from Liverpool. Zangwill comes pri
marily In the Interest of the Zionist
movement. He said:
"I want to enlist the sympathy of
the leading Jews of America in the
movement. We must stem the tide of
Jewish Immigration that is^ pouring
into this country, and the Jews must
have a place In . which to locate.
America does not want anymore. It
is already saturated. A warning has
already been received that if any more
Jews come here an anti-Semitic feeling
may be aroused.
Zangwell will deliver several lectures
In this country. *
To the Secretary of War.
While definite arrangements hare not
yet been made for Secretary Taft's trip,
it Is his purpose to go to Panama on
the army transport Sumner from New
York.
The exercise of such powers as are glvea
us by th; treaty within the geographical boun
daries of the republic of Panama, may easily.
if a real sympathy for both th» present and
future welfare of the people of Panama Is not
shown, create distrust of the American Gov
ernment. This would seriously Interfere with
the success of our great project in that coun
try. It is of the utmost importance that thos»
who are ultimately responsible for the policy
pursued- should have at first handxas trust
worthy Information as can be obtained In re
spect to the conditions existing in Panama, aad
the attitude and real . interests of the people
of that state. After a conference with the
Secretary of State and yourself I have con
cluded . that It wlH be of great advantage It
you can visit the Isthmus of Panama in person
and hold a conference with the President and
other governmental authorities of the republic
of Panama. Tou are authorized in doing this
to take with you such persona as you desire,
familiar with the conditions i In the Isthmus,
who may aid .you. with their counsel. The
'earlier you are able to make this visit the bet
ter. The Secretary of State will Instruct the
United Stat-s Minister at Panama to render
you every assistance In his power, mnd the
Governor of the canal strip. General Davts,
will, of course, do the tame thins.
Tou will advise the President of th« republlo
what the policy of this Government is to h*
and assure htm that It Is not the purpose of
the United. States to take advantage of the
rights conferred upon it by the treaty to in
terfere with the welfare and prosperity of the
state of Panama, or of. the cities of Colon and
Panama. Tou will make due report of the
result of your visit on your return. Very truly
yours. ¦ . THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
The L'nlitd States Is about to center on the
people of the State of Panama a very great
benefit by the expenditure ci millions of dollars
in the construction of the canal. . But this fact
must not blind us to th» Importance of so exer
cising the authority given us under the treaty
with Panama as to avoid creating any suspi
cion, however unfounded, of our Intentions as
to the future. We have cot the slightest In
tention of establishing an Independent colony
In the middle of the State of Panama, or of
exercising any greater governmental functions
than are necessary to enable us conveniently and
safely to construct, maintain and operate th*
canal under the rights given us by the treaty.
Least cf all do we desire to Interfere with the
buaines* and prosperity of th« people of Pana
ma. However far a Just construction of the
treaty might enable us to go.' did the exigen
cies of the case require it. in asserting the
equivalent of sovereignty over the canal strip.
It Is our full intention that the rights which
we exercise xhall be exercised with all proper
care for the honor and interests of th« people
of Panama.
WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON*. Oct. IS.
18O4-— Sir: By executive order of May 9. 1904.
I placed under your Immediate supervision the
work of the Isthmian Canal Commission, both
In the construction or the canal and in ths ex
ercise of such governmental powers aa It
seemed necessary tcr the United States to exer
cise under the treaty with the republic of
Panama In the canal strip. There U ground
for believing; that In the execution of the rights
conferred by the treaty ttie people of Panama
have been unduly alarmed at the effect of the
establishment o: a government In the canal
strip by tli> commission. Apparently they fear
lest the effect be to create out of part of their
territory a competing and Independent com
munity. • which shall Injuriously aftect their
business, reduce their revenues and diminish
their prestige as a nation.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— The Presi
dent has Instructed Secretary of War
Taft to oroceed. at an early date, to
Panama to confer with the President
of the republic with a view to compos-
Ing the differences that have arisen
between the two countries.
The following letter has been sent by
the Pr&ldent to the Secretary of War.
after* a conference with the Secretary
of State and the Secretary of War with
respect to conditions In Panama:
Hearing in the habeas corpus proceedings in
stituted by Charles Wyman was postponed by
Judge Cook yesterday.
Owing to discord it is uncertain what the
Grand Jury will do this afternoon concerning
the Election Commissioners. .
tNWORTHY political motives are ascribed by
Ruef's friends to the grand jurors who are
pressing charges that he held up the new
Baldwin Theater owners for a block of stock.
On the other hand sensational developments are
promised.
Hopes to Enlist Sympathy
of His Co-Religionists in
the Zionist Movement
Isthmians Will Be Told
That This Government Is
Not Going Bej'ond Treaty
COMES WITH A MISSION
TO STUDY CONDITIONS
Political Animus Is Alleged.
Israel Zangwill Arrives
at New York and Will
Lecture in This Country
War Secretary Will Carry
Assurances of American
Sincerity to- Panama
JEWISH AUTHOR
VISITS AMERICA
TAFT TO VISIT
NEW REPUBLIC
THE SAN FRANGISCOt GALL:, THURSDAY; OCTOBER 20, 1904.
SEEK TO INDICT RUEF
Grand Jury Will Investigate How He Obtained Merest in Theater
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE ELECTRO-CHEMIC
EXAMINATION AN-D
TREATMENT
All persons catJlrr at
£S3fc^ Electro - CT-erric In«ti-
/»V. JttSSS tut ' w l'l t* Siva a
ff§m *«*e Electro-Chwnlc «-
(*? »/^TV-r^» awlnaUoa ar.d Rustics!*.
'1^^5-j. A trutbru l «"<! sincere
/ M Mfilllu al1 cas *«- Curable dls-
- ence. Abiolutely aa
»:h*rre.
*- znectro-Cbeaisttry cures sainiessiv
%x.c without operation Coasumpeon
Caacer. CaUrrh. Deafness. *heoaiAl
tlsm, Pistuls, FaralTsls. tocoraotor
AtiTia, Asthma and Bronchia] i Tron
b!es. Piles, Xtrvtms Siseaces, Skin
and Blood Diseases and the Special
Oiseases of SCes and 'Women.
Write for taae treatment It you live at
tf*.*tax>c«. - ' . . . .
.-'Separate apirtineau for ladies act* jentle-
The ElectrchChemic Institute
« 118 Grant Ave.. Cor. Post St.
*r_ - SAN FRXNC1SCO, Cal.
h«ers — 9 »..n. to 5 p. n sand if to
• n. m. ttiln fiuadayt.. 10 a. a. to I b. ol
ADVERTISEMENTS. ...
1 8. KATSpHINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I 10 THIRD STREET. SAM FRANCISCO
I || Adjolnlar Call Buildlay.
1 Solid Reasors W.iy You
I Should I uy riere
n There is no diuerence In the
|i quality of the shoes we sell mnd
§ the shoes sold by other hlgh-c^ada
1 stores. They all come from the
¦ same manufacturers; tne dlSer-
U enceals all in our lower prices. No
3 matter what you bur here, you
j will pay less than at any other
1 store. For 23 years we have con-
I sistently undersold all other stores
I and kept up a high standard of
3 quality. That's why we nave
I grown to be the largest and most
1 dependable shoe house - in - the
¦ "W'esL 9
i Here's where you save over a
a dollar. On special sale this week:
I Ladles* four - button plain • toe
I patent kid Oxfords: made with
3 hand-turned soles, neat coin toes.
; 3 dull finished mat kid tops and
I ¦ stylish enameled LXV French
¦ he?!s. The sweilest novelty of
H the season. Sizes 2 4 to T.
Width A to D. SALE PRICE
ONLY 82.35
Four-Strap Kid Sandals
I Other stores don't even try to
match this style and price. Special
sale finest Imperial kid four-strap
Sandals: made -with pliable hand-
turned soles, stylish plain coin
toes, circular vamps and extreme-
ly dressy Cuban heels. Worth
$2.00. OUR REDUCED PRICE
81.45
Sizes 2*a to 8. Widths A to E.
I \\ uuC I
Champagne Kid Tops,
Patent Leather Vamps
We don't wait till the end of the
season to reduce our prices. On
special sale this week: The new- ¦
est and dressiest novelty in the ¦
market — Infants' and Children's ¦
Patent Leather Shoes; made with ¦
new champagne colored kid tops
and pearl buttons to match, fancy
circular vamps and heel foxint;s
and hand- turned soles. Widths
C to E.
Infants* sizes. W~ to 5.... f>"»e
Children's sizes, spring heels.
4 to 8 Sl.-U
Patent Leather LXV
It's not the money you make
that counts; It's the money you
save. Here is your chance. Just
call and look at this special leader
this week: Ladies* Full-foxed
Patent Leather Lace Shoes; made
with this season's latest plain cola
toes, fine dull mat kid tops, flex-
ible sewed soles and 'dressy
leather. LXV French: hwli.
Sizes 2Vi to 7«i. Widths A to E.
OUR VALUE-GIVINa PRICE:...
.;..-.- 1 gS.2O
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS
In Saa Fm Cisco far '
BUGKIN6HAM &, HEGHT'S -
TRUE MERIT SHOES FOR MEN
YOU MAKE M0 MISTAKE
IN BUYING THIS MAKE
W* flarore evtry day la th* 7 esur
how to trirm you th* most for yoar
money, and w know if you wear
a TKUli TWI'lilT Shoe yoa wOl
have the test . 33.SO »ho« In tfe*
market. They are faultless, ¦•plea-
did weartnr aad thoroughly com-
fcrtable. Ho such perfect satlsfao-
tlon riven la aay other make.
V1CXKXD. BOX CALP. VEZ.OXTX
Sizes 0 to 12. Widths B to ES. ¦
, . maiii oapxata rnaaa, 0
B. KATSCKINSKI I
I [10 TSXBO ' ST.. - 8 an rru ci jco. I
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1XVIGORA-
"tor «nd N*rvtn#.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac aad Special
Tonic for th« Sexoal Omran*. {or both texts.
i The Mexican R«n«dy for .Diseases #f . th«
Kidners and Uladiier. Sells on lu own merits.
»*. XABER! ALFS * BRUXE. Aar*nt«-
\*32* Market, »t~. S.- F.— fS«nd for Circulars).!
m
V£^330 MARKET 57. sJy&r
SUMMER RESORTS.
. 2I0STK SHOES HOTEL — On'TonuleJi
Bay. Co.fi tab!? and . accommaiitton*. ¦ Houa»
tas-Hgbtad^' Prices vcrsr* reasonable." ;3fJ(*> J.
SHIELDS, Marshall*. Maria Couaty, CaJ.
! ~ San Francisco, Thursday, 20 October. 190*;
JNew^urtaih ideas ..
you should see v
A' window has been devoted to their display and
for all parts of the house are included. New,
effective creations, but inexpensive. : Some are dainty '."•
'Arabian laces with rnercerized embroidery ; some are.
i~* durable muslin curtains with open-work figures and
scalloped edge;;a;few are ornamented' with colored
trirnmings, making them quite odd. Prices range from
$3.66'the pair to $8.50. ,
(Formerly the Furniture Go.)
? 261 tb;281^Geary*St;;-at^ Unions Square -STRTKER IS "ACQUITTED— Oakland. Oct.
19. — James fitryker. charred _ with . rrand ' lar
ceny for having: stolen a horse valued at $150
waa acquitted, this morning by 'a' Jury, which
took the view that S try ker was not responsible
owing: to h I .« having: teen co c debauch 'for
Must Try Again.
OAKLAND, Oct. : 19.— Mrs. May
"Weed is trying; to obtain, a divorce
from Frank Weed, , whom she married
under the belief he was wealthy.'. He
talked' of buying a mine,. but ;the day
af ter > the. ; ; weddings she found ' he ,: had
no '. money. . '.'$ She ~ has ;, had . to ¦. support
her ; husband, and /Judge Ogden ?heid
to-day/ that ; thisV '.'preyenta V. ¦her! from
getting a- divorce on ': the! ground Vof
"failure -to j-' proyide.'Vf: JudgeQOgderi
suggested , further effort in ; other di
rections.''. ':'*-¦,¦, "//'.' '' '.~''':-yi'~. : '¦ ¦-.''
OAKLAND." Oct. 19.— According to
Harry Brewis. '14 years old, he and a
companion named Newall, 12 years
old, hid In Gribben & Hill's second
hand furniture store. 447 San Pablo
avenue, last night, waited until the
4hoj> closed and "stole a mandolin, a
rifle, and some drills, escaping in; true
burglar fashion. Brewis was arrested
at his home, corner Twenty-second
street . and -. San Pablo " avenue. -The
boy's father, says his son Is weak
minded, v ; The > boy; will be given " in
charge of proper authorities.,. . t \
Boys Play at Burglary.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.— The' per
formance to be give'n by Sousa in the
Greek Theater on Friday afternoon
will be the first appearance of J "the
band in Berkeley and is", expected to
afford a better opportunity" of hearing
It than . in a closed theater.-. That no
one may, be forced to remain, away on
account of the expense the : price of
tickets has' been made exceptionally
low. The whole ; of the upper part T 6f
the auditorium is unreserved, and v ; the
price of admission Is 50 cents. '
Sous* in Greek Theater.
"Many of { the schools are very
crowded now. and the congestion ap
parently Is to be worse soon. - The pu
pils keep coming. There will be no
place for them if something is * not
done to, provide -accommodations."
BERKELEY, Oct. 19. — Superin
tendent of Schools S. D. Waterman de
clared last night at a meeting of the
Board of Education that fifty new
pupils had been admitted to the
schools of Berkeley during the last
two davs and that he will soon have
to turn children away unless more
room Is provided.
"The need for school bonds with
which to enlarge our buildings and
erect new ones is Imperative." said Su
perintendent Waterman.
School Superintendent of Berkeley
Declares That the Present Build
ings Are Inadequate.
DEMANDS MORE ROOM
FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN
BERKELEY, Oct 19. — Enthusias
tic speeches favoring the issuing of
bonds .for municipal improvements
were made last night at a meeting of
the Ashby Improvement Club. in. the
Peralta fire engine house by 'the fol
lowing citizens: Dr. Biehl, Profes
sor Albin Putzker, C. C. Emslle, Trus
tee R. C. Staats, 8. W. Gibbs.t A. F.
Hess, A. S. J. Woods, W. R. Batten,
J. T. Short W. A. Gates, 8. N. Wyck
off and President Robertson of the
iNorth Berkeley Club. '
The necessity for improving: the
Fire Department was emphasized, as
was also the need of a. manual train
ing school and street improvements,
all of which are covered in the bond
issue which the Town Trustees are
preparing to submit to the people at
a special election soon to be held.
Speeches Made in • Support of Pro
posed Improvements,' at Meeting
of.Ashby Improvement Club.
PROMINENT BERKELEY
CITIZENS FAVOR BONDS
BERKELEY.. Oct. 19. — Robert Dupouey is
to cive four French readings, in prose and
veree, from the works of Victor Hugo, in room
7, East Hall, on the following dates: October
25. October 27. November 1. November 3. Each
reading will begin at 4 o'clock. Mr. Dupouey
is a graduate of the Ecole Normale Superieure
of Paris and holds tbe rank of a professor in
the University of France. He was sent to Har
vard by th« French Government, and made last
spring an extended tour throughout the United
States aa a lecturer for the Alliance Francaise.
At the half hour of roueio in the Greek Thea
ter next Sunday afternoon the programme will
fee rendered by Dr. Bruce V. -Hill, a singer;
Fred A. Hamey, flute, and Paul Thelen, ac
companist.
Oscar Schober. who for thirteen years hat
been a mechanician in the electrical depart
ment of the university, is to start on a two
years' trip around the world on November 1.
He will go by way of Honolulu.
The humorists on the staff of the Pelican
have threatened' to strike unless each receives
a Pelican pin and i« supplied with materials
used In his work. The pins cost SI SO eac».
Manager Samuels says the men who now com
plain should have received these pins last year.
He refuses to accede to their demands, declar-
JtiR that he can easily procure a lot of humor
ists to take the places of all who may leave the
staff of the Pelican.
John Galen Howard, architect for the univer
sity, announced to-day that plans are being
drawn in his office for the new library building
the gift of Charles F. Doe. He also states that
tffe granite and steel work of California Hall
is nearly completed.'-
The Mining Association held its banquet to
night at Barnum's in Oakland.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — Grief over
the recent death of her son, former
Library Trustee George S. Evans, con
tributed largely to the demise last
night of Mrs. Mary Nv Evans at her
residence,- 636 Twenty-second street.
Mrs. Evans has been an . invalid for
some time. Her son had returned
from a hunting trip, when he con
tracted typhoid fever, which ended
fatally.
Mrs. Evans was a member of the
Ebell Club and was active in that or
ganization and in the Women's 'Al
liance of the First Unitarian Church.
She was 57 years old, a native of
Iowa. Her husband, 'James Evans,
and a son, Fred, survive. The funeral
will be held at 2:30 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon from the Evans residence.
The Rev. W. N. Jones, minister' of
the First Unitarian Church, will offi
ciate.
Shock Contributes to Cause Last -Ill
ness of Mother of Late George.
- S. Evans. . ¦¦
DIES FROM GRIEF /
OVER SOX'S DEATH
Mre. Bunnell, Mrs. Hume. Mrs. Brown, Mrs.
Cushlnr. Mrs. Chapman, Mrs. Borland. Mrs.
Swift, Mrs. G. Lk Smith, Mrs. Eanborn, Mrs.
Bakewell, Mre. Grant, Mrs. de Leon, Dr.
Fenton, Mrs Reamer. Mrs. J. B. Wheeler,
Mrs. W. D. gmith. Mrs. McMath, Mra. Mlkel.
Mrs. Grandjean, Mrs. E. Bahls; Mrs. D. Bahls,
Mrs. H. Bahls. Mrs. Humphreys, Mrs. Ker
gan. Mrs. Schrock, Mrs. Harrison, Mre. Broad
well. Mrs. Kisick, Mrs. Seal, Mis« Seal, Miss
Drummond, Mrs. Abrahamnon, Mrs. Lehter,
Mrs. Duncan, Mrs. Harrison, Mrs. Lovell,
Mrs. Judson, Mrs. Grady, Mre. Hyde. Mrs.
Wade. Mrs. Matthews, Mrs. Buckley, Mrs.
Dorsaz. Mrs. Pey. Mrs. Brown. Mrs. Chad
wick, Mrs. Bartholomew. Mrs. Campbell, Mrs.
Gray Mrs. Beckwith. Mrs. Price, Mrs. Cole,
Mrs.' R. S. Cole. Mrs. East.- Mrs. Swale,
Mrs. A. W. Palmer, Mrs. Samuels, Mrs. Hen
derson, Mrs. Watklns, Mrs. Peters,. Mrs.
Crane. Mrs. Elliott, Mrs. AlkinB, 1 Mrs. Wood,
Mrs. W. S. Palmer. Mrs. Tennant. Miss Jane
Palmer. Mrs. Voss, Mrs. McCormack,; Mre.
Gibson, Mrs.' Crowefl, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs.
Forrester. Mrs. Brock. Mrs. Dabney. Mrs.
Swaner. Mrs. Jones, Mrs. Woolley, Mrs. Baltz,
Mre. Nelson, Mrs. Rhunel, Mrs. Keller. Mrs.
Bassford, Mrs. Ellison, Mrs. Ryln. Mrs. Mo-
Donald, Mrs. Megulre. Mrs. McClunle, Mrs.
Whitebead, Mrs. Holland. Mrs. Watkins, Mrs.
Chamberlain, Mrs. Luningr, Miss Worley,
Mrs. Perkins. Mrs. Connors, Miss Elsey, Mrs.
Remillard, Mrs. Standeford, Mrs. Hog&n, Mrs.
Lachmund, Mrs. RadcllSe, Mrs.' Koenig, Mrs.
Schuneman, Mrs. Marelly, Mrs. Van der Nall-
It-n, Mrs. Keranke, Mrs. Dodge, Mrs. Chase.
man of the breakfast committee and
the day's success reflects much credit
on that lady's executive ability.
The guests at the breakfast to-day
were:
OAKLAND. Oct. 19. — Professor
Henry Morse Stephens began a series
of lectures on the French Revolution
this afternoon at the Common School
Assembly .Hall in a university exten
sion course which has been organized
by an Oakland center, composed large
ly of the Teachers' Club. The lectures
will be eiven at intervals of two weeks,
running into next April. The open
ing lecture was on Louis XVI and
Marie Antoinette. The second lecture
will cover the -work of the States Gen
eral and the influence of MIrabeau. ,
The center has elected the follow
ing officers: President, Miss Eliza
beth Sherman; secretary, . Miss M. E.
¦Norton; treasurer;. Miss M. A. ...Sulli
van. ' There is an advisory committee,
composed **>f J. : W. McClymonds,- the
Rev. E. E. Baker, J. P. Garlick, Mrs*
Shatter. Howard, ,Miss.; Helen Glenn
and Miss Mabel Thayer Gray. \ '
University Extension*!SerIes Begins Un
der the General Charge of the
Teachers of Oakland.
ACCOMPLISHED WOMAN WHO
SANG AND PLAYED YESTERDAY
FOR THE OAKLAND CLUB.
PROFESSOR STEPHENS
OPENS LECTURE COURSE
A father and , a stepfather, both of
the name of Sorenson, have begun a
struggle for the possession of the two
children of John Sorenson, whose wife
afterwar<J married a man by the name
of Richard Sorenson. , For more than
six years Richard Sorenson treated the
two children of his wife -as his . own.
They are a boy and a girl, aged 14 and
1L A few weeks ago the mother died
and now the real father wants his chil
dren back again.
As soon as the wife died, Richard
Sorenson, the stepfather, went before
Judge Coffey, in \ San Francisco, and
secured an order appointing him legal
guardian of the children. /This morn
ing John Sorenson sued out a writ of
habeas corpus. here, claiming that -the
children were being illegally withheld
from him. Judge Hall denied the, writ,
as at the time of the appointment ,of
the stepfather as guardian the real
father had his day in court. The mat
ter, however, will now be taken back
to Judge Coffey, - with a petition to
reconsider and give the real father an
opportunity to interpose his claim.
Oakland Office San Francisco , Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 19.
Introflnctpry remarks Mn O. W. Bunnell;
vocal solo, <a) "Moonlirht" (Schumann), (b)
•'Spring Nirhf (Fchcman). <c) "I Will Not
Grieve" (Schumann). Mr». Mabel Gray Lacn
«nund; Dr. Putin J. Tenton, introducing Mr*.
I. K. Chapman, president of tbe Adelphlan
Club. "Th« Recent Political Equality Conven
tion at I»b Anreles"; Mra. XV. S. Peters, in
troducing; Mm J. B. Hume, president of Ebell
"Is Club Life Inimical to Church Work?* 1
piano «olo, "eprin* Bout" (Waruer-Usit). Mrs.
Laehmund; Mm. John Bkkewell. introducing
Misf T. E. Brown, president of the Mutual
Benefit Club. "The Noon Rest"; Mrs. Sara
Ulsmer, introdudnr Mrs. George Uw Smith,
president of the California Federation of Wom
an's Oobc: vocal boIo. Mm. Lachmund; Mrs
C. 6. ChamberUln. ir.troduclne Mrs. J. M.
Cushlns. "H&rpy Thoughts at a Happy Mo
ment"; Mrs. Cora E. Jones. Introducing Mrs.
C. S. Borland, president of the Woman'* Clvio
Improvement Club, "What the Civic Club Can
Do for Women and What Women Can Do for
the Civic Club"; piano rolo. Piano Ballade in
O minor ( Chopin), Mrs. Lachmund; Mrs. S. F.
Mikel. introducing Mrs. Mary Wood Swift.
president of the national and local councils,
"Incidents at the Council at Berlin."
Mrs. C. S. Chamberlain waa chair-
The speeches were all so good I wish
Z might give you a bit from each one.
One always sits up and takes notice
when Mrs. Hume begins to talk, and
one keeps right on noticing, too. Her
subject to-day was, "Is Club Life Inim
ical to Church Work?" and though her
speech was short when she was
through one was quite convinced that
the club was a sort of front door to
the church. She said that the "clubs
that stand for high ideals are actu
ated by the same principles that un
derlie church work.** She said, too, and
"with truth,*that "the woman who gets
most out of club life and church life
Is the woman who puts most into it."
Mrs. George . Law Smith and Mrs.
Mary Wood Swift, than whom there
are no more popular club women in
California, were, of course, among
those who made bright, witty speeches.
Mrs. Smith has traveled many thou
sands of miles since she was last in
Oakland and in her own delightful
fashion touched briefly on various
things she deemed of interest to her
auditors. •
Mrs. B^nnell. president of the Oak
land CluD, established an innovation
to-day in the way of toastmistresses.
Each speaker was introduced by a dif
ferent member of the club and the
little' two-minute introductions added
to the brightness of the programme,
which, in its entirety, was as follows:
The post-luncheon music was given
entirely by Mrs. Mabel Gray Lach
mond, who to a happy degree is doubly
talented, singing as well as she plays,
which is saying much for her perform
ance. She is a graduate of the con
servatories at Leipsic and Berlin and
has studied elsewhere with famous
teachers, and her work betrays a schol
arly interpretation.
During the luncheon Miss Isabel Seal,
a musicianly young violinist, contrib
uted several delightful numbers, her
accompanist being Miss Estelle Drura
mond, one of Oakland's most promising
young pianists.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— The Oakland
Club certainly outdid itself to-day and
the annual breakfast will be recorded
in the club minutes as the most bril
liant episode In its existence.* Never
has Maple Hall presented a more at
tractive appearance and few pro
srammes have been akin, in general
interest and cleverness, to that partici
pated in by the distinguished guests
of the Oakland Club to-day. Some of
the cleverest women in clubdom were
among the speakers, the music was ex
cellent, and while enjoying this "feast
cf reason and flow of s>oul" the eye was
pleased with a vista of elegant gowns,
and the inner woman was satisfied
with a menu well worth discussing.
What more could one desire?
The tables we're arranged in the form
of. a star, the round table at which
v ere the guests of honor being in the
ceaier and from it six long tables radi
ated. Asparagus fern wound it« grace
ful length down the center of each
table entwining vases of pink roses and
brass candelabra. A huge bunch of
plr.k roses, nestling in billows of rose
hued silk aud maidenhair, adorned the
round table. The tiny stage was a
restful spot with its garniture of trail
ing vines and potted plants,' while
overhead yellow songsters chirped and
twittered in their swaying, gilded
cages. Daylight was excluded and the
i>cene Illumined with electricity. The
"whole effect, while elaborate, was
graceful and delicate, and too much
cannot be eaid in praise of the ladies
in charse.
Mrs. M. L. Broadwell was chairman
of the decoration and was assisted in
her artistic work by Mrs. C. S. Cham
berlain. Mrs. \V. M. Beckwith. Mrs.
Frank E. Buckley. Mrs. Henry Abra
hamson, Mrs. E. Bahls, Mrs. R. Bahls,
Miss Lita La veil, Mrs. C. N. Akins,
Mrs. W. J. Brown, Mrs. Loran P.
Crane, Mrs. P. Kisick and Mrs. Frances
Gray. Mrs. Robert Duncan, though
not a member of the club, aided very
materially in the arrangements, and
Ehe It was who sent the exquisite roses
that adorned the tables. Mrs. Kisick
was chairman of the table committee.
Was Appointed Guardian
and Now .Resists Every
Effort to Get Control
STEP-PARENT HAS THEM
OaRfand Ladies Are
Entertained at
Breakfast,
The "Mother Married Two
Men of the Same Name
and Both Tress Claims
TWO FATHERS
WANT CHILDREN
Clever Women of Clubdom
Enjoy Brilliant Function
WAGON* WHEEL PASSES ; OVER BOX'S
LEG.— Cecil Starr, a 10-year-old boy,, white
riding on a , bicycle collided with a buggy or
Folaom /street 'afternoon.'- He' fell*
In front of a wagon belonging .to the i Ameri
can -v Box ' Factory. -' the ¦ hind wheel - of , which'
passed : over : his ankle.'- causing 7 a '.'• contused
injury; ' » The * driver ¦ of » the - wagon,' ', Charles
Ky ne, . carried i the injured youth to the E mer-"
gency Hospital, where Dr. Cail Wlssoa treated
Um . iniur«d limb, $ ~
- A I further : examination \ bt. the ac
counts \ of . James- McCabe, the missing
clerk?" of ; the > Southern : Pacific'. Com
pany,*- has * resulted ; in the ¦ discovery
that :hi» shortage is nearer, % 4 6 00 >than
¦?1200,^'£fliit/VepWted;;.by;:thef;offl
cials 'of ', the company. .Yesterday Fred
Larkin,\who i > has been , employed : in \ the
passenger I department fof^ the 'company
tor) manyv; years, was ; appointed to the
position^formerly held by, McCaba.
McCabe's Shortage Increases.
; - ' LONDON, Oct. 1 9.— Admiral .Van
Sittart is- dead. He : was born. July
21,» 1818, andrretlred in 1873. -
Admiral- Van Sittart Is.Dead.
WOULD DISTRIBUTE ESTATE.— Oakland,
Oct.- .19.— Petition: for the settlement of .the
final account of distribution of the estate of
the late Leontlne ¦ C. L. ¦ Janssen was filed by
E. A. 'Janssen' with the ! County Clerk to-day.
The estate to-be distributed amounts to $18,-'
173 44. The property goes to the widow < and
chllren of the deceased. . ; < :.. ¦
The members of the . Association of
Traffic Agents are completing, arrange
ments for their annual convention to
be held in San Jose in February next.
The citizens of the Garden -City, rep
resented by the local Chamber of Com
merce, are preparing an elaborate pro
gramme for the entertainment . of the
traffic. men.; On Tuesday evening the
association held a smoker in. the rooms
of the .Transportation _Club in the Pal
ace Hotel, and took advantage of the
presence of .D. ; L., Bliss, president of
the Lake Tabo'e railroad, • to ] present
him with a -handsome set of resolu
tions, thanking, him for the courteous
treatment accorded the members of
the. association on the . occasion ; ; of
their; recent outing at Tahoe. .
Citizens of San . Jose . Are V, Preparing
to Give. Their Guests a
Royal Welcome.
TRAFFIC! MEN ARRANGE
FOR COMING; CONVENTION
• NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Maurice C.
Pike, 67 years old, once widely known
as an actor/ is dead ori Hart's Island;
where he was serving a sentence of
six months for vagrancy. ; His first
role was played in a Bowery, theater
fifty, years ago. n Three months ago the
old man was found sleeping ., in a hall
way and; was sentenced to six months'
imprisonment. ,J, His last ;¦ appearance
outhe'stage occurred one year fago.
: Friends ] ', missed him along Broad
way,,'and afew. "days ago .began .a
search .which ended at the morgue; .. .
Maurice '.O. Pike Passes Away. While
J Serving Sentence for " Vagrancy.
ACTOR DIES IN POVERTY.
OAKLAND, Oct I9.r-Charles Em
'son, a Scandinavian seaman on', the
American ship King Cyrus, was taken
to \ the' : Receiving . Hospital this j even
ing after being hit in the/ stomach, by
the ;* Seventh-street local • train' at
Brooklyn* station. ¦' \
Literally the dazed mariner, who
had ,been\ picked up for dead,' did not
know what ' had struck him." . Emsoh
had ; been, drinking. ¦ .His. In juries, are
not serious^- >]'/', v v . ' "
Train Knocks Him' Out.
OAKLAND, Oct.' 19.— The follow
ing "marriage, licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Eugene B.
Hewell,* over 21, San Francisco, and
lone ?H. C. Fore,\over 18, Oakland;
Charles A. Anderson,7over 21,' and
Ophelia* Westermann, over ,18, both of
Oakland. ¦ . . > . ":. ...
Marriage Licenses;
WOULD END TROUBLES.— Oakland. Oct.
10.— Suit for divorca was begun this afternoon
by Mamie Hornberger on a chars* of intem
perance and cruelty resulting therefrom ayalnn
Elmer E. Hornberger. They were married a
little more than a year ago. bnt she> states that
bis conduct has become so abusive that sn« U
no longer able to live with him. Final de
crees of divorce were granted this afternoon to
Mark" Kevan from Rachel Kevan for adultery
and Ida J. Breen from John M. Breen for
cruelty.: They were granted . Interlocutory de
crees a year' ago, which have now been mado
final.' • . . .
Jack Howard. Walter : da Leon; . Charles
Burkhaldt (Jack's friend). Will Henry; Regi
nald von Barkley Mont ravers, Percy Wicks;
a traveler, ' "Pat" Bryant; Howard ' Htg-gtns
(Jack's valet). Edwin Rust; William Courtley,
George Dickie; Iva Notion, Mies Sophie Tread
well; Grace Wlseland, Miss . I«abelle McRey
nolds; Alice Burkhardt, Miss Ann . Thacher;
Mrs. Burkhardt, Miss Phoebe Blnney. . ,v
BERKELEY, Oct 19.— "Just About
Now" has been selected as an appro
priate title for the junior farce writ
ten by .Walter. R. de Leon. It is to be
produced- at the Grand Opera-house
on November 25. The complete cast
of characters was announced to-day.
It is as follows: . .
"Just* About Now" Selected as the
Title of Walter de Leon's
OomDOsltion.
CAST CHOSEN . FOR
; • JUNIOR DAY FARCE
Henry Fowler of Napa, the well
known capitalist and one of the old
est pioneers of the State, died Tues
day afternoon at his -residence in
Napa after a brief illness. Mr. Fow
ler was 82 years of age. He came to
California fifty years ago and settled
in Napa, where he accumulated a for
tune.
Probably no 'man in Northern Cali
fornia was better known or more
universally beloved than Henry ' Fow
ler. He ' was strongly identified with
£he early ( history of Napa County and
was interested In many of her enter
prises, y He was a man ot pure char
acter and strong > intellect andxwas
widely known for his many kindly
acts. • '
Mr. Fowler is survived: by a widow
and >tour daughters — Mrs. John H.
Mallett, wife of the vice president of
the Renters' Loan and Trust Com
pany; Mrs. E. E. Kindlesplre, wife
of the capitalist of this . city; Mrs.
Sherwood Bird and Mrs. Dlnwoody.
Tbe funeral, which will take place
this afternoon, will be one of the
largest ever held in Napa. .The in
terment will take place In Toulocay
Cemetery. '
REAPER CALLS
HENRY FOWLER,
NAPA PIONEER
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — The Sierra
Nevada Water and Power Company's
proposal to supply 16,000,000 gallons
of water a day from the Mokelumne
River,. delivered at the'northern boun
dary line of Berkeley, has been re
jected by the special advisory com
mittee, on; water supply. Mayor 01
ney said the committee did riot favor
the project because it' did not include
a complete water plant for. the city.
The estimated cost of the company's
plan ' as presented is $5,500,000.
Oakland's Advisory . . Committee Says
That Mokelumne River Plan Is
• * Not Sufficient. •
DISCARD ONE MORE'.,/.
>.. WATER SUPPI/xV SCHEME
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— After drawing
$100 from a bank, Delos, Brace, 72 years
old, disappeared October 10 and not a
trace of his whereabouts has been
found by the police. Brace lived at the
Arlington Hotel, Ninth and Washing
ton 6treets, his sister, Mrs. Henry
Meyers, being the proprietor's wife.
Mrs. Meyers departed a month ago to
attend the St. Louis Exposition. Brace
was anxious to go with his sister, but
she felt that his age was against him;
that the trip might overtax him.
The old man decided to leave^o it is
thought, and drew. the money. But in
quiry- has failed* to -disclose .any clew
to him. among the ; railroad offices.
Brace.was auiet: in his habits. -1X13
friends fear some accident o*r worse has
befallen him. , • . . '-,, » a- •'j'c v .
Delos Brace, Seventy-Two Years
Old,. Drops Out of Sight and
i. Police Are . Puzzled.
GETS MONEY FROM BANK
. AND HAS DISAPPEARED
Kennedy was arrested last evening
by Policeman E. A. Willing In the vi
cinity of the Henkenius place. Under
pressure he confessed that he was the
house- working thief who has been
busy here for six weeks.
Kennedy gives his age* as 22 years,
and says that he is from' Kansas City.
He affirms that he. has not been en
gaged long in the illegal calling of rob
bing houses. Kennedy was taken .to
San Francisco this afternoon by. Chief
Conrad, . and, considerable. . of the prop
erty 'stolen '.by!, him was recovered from
shops .where hie had placed it* in pawi^.
j His plan "rof robbing, houses was to
ring' the front doorbell, and if no one
responded to try other doors. If he
thought there was ho one within he
used a skeleton key. When persons
responded to the^ doorbell Kennedy
passed himself, off as an upholsterer
seeking repair . work. It is suspected
that he is the same Kennedy who shot
a- woman named Shoemaker in Kan
sas City, where he was a footpad, en
gaged with* Jesse James Jr. and others,
who escaped. ...
ALAMEDA, Oct. 19.— W. F. Kennedy
confessed to Chief of Police John Con
rad to-day that he, entered and robbed
the residence. of J. C. Henkenlus, 1210
Paru street, on the 11th of this month,
and that he la also the person who
burglarized the home of George Mur
dock, 1809 San Antonio avenue, and the
house of Louis Newbell, 1837 San An
tonio avenue.
: Frank; Gardner's , financial career
began in this city, ' where, while a
ticket collector In the old Standard
Theater,' he ' met Carrie Swain, the
actress, and eloped • with her to Aus
tralia, leaving behind him in this coun
try a wife and child, who arrived here
just as the steamer bearing Gardner
and Carrie Swain to the Antipodes was
steaming out of the harbor. In Aus
tralia Gardner obtained options on
properties which he floated in London.
He was soon recognized as one of- the
greatest promoters In the world.
His - financial ventures proved dis
astrous investments for the Britishers.
Strangely, however," he continued to
command their confidence until a short
time ago. Millions of- the people's
money had been sunk in such enter
prises as the Boulder,' Perseverance and
the Avena mines and then came the
collapse of his mining project in Fresno
County, In this State, where he bought
the Copper King mine for (15,000 and
floated it in London for over $3,000,000.
He was represented here by William
Dally, whose disastrous management
of the mine and a smelter plant at Bay
Point is recorded in the Federal courts,
where the properties were recently
forced through bankruptcy. Dally left
the city ¦ and later turned against
Gardner, who had repudiated him to
save his own reputation In London.
Following closely on this affair, Lon
don was startled by the announcement
that he had abandoned Carrie Swain,
whom he had openly acknowledged as
his wife, and had married - Spanish
actress, with whom he went to Paris,
when the financial crash came. Carrie
Swain has since charged him with big
amy in the British courts and has in
stituted divorce proceedings against
him in this country. Meanwhile an
aged Spanish woman of Paris has sued
Gardner in London for an accounting,
alleging that he had induced her to
part with nearly $3,000,000 In American
and British securities, and hardly had
these accusations been, made ..against
him before he was sold out of the'Lon
don Stock Exchange and a suit brought
to have him . declared bankrupt. At
present the London financiers are mar
veling at the manner in which Gard
ner accumulated wealth and at the
reckless way In which he. got rid of' it.
Frank Gardner, formerly of San
Francisco, who, for a number of year.s,
was a power in the Stock Exchange of
the British metropolis, has gone to the
wall and is a bankrupt in Paris. Within
a few months his wealth has been dissi
pated, his valuable country and city
residences sold and his name dis
credited on the Stock Exchange.
Suits have been entered against him
in the British courts, where he has
been charged with bigamy, misappro
priation of various persons' funds and
where proceedings have been brought
to have him declared a bankrupt. With
the arrest of Whitaker "Wright and the
latter's tragic end, began the adver
sities of Gardner, although none of
them are chargeable to any financial
relations he may have had with Wright.
At one time Gardner, was rated on the
London Stock Exchange as a million
aire forty or fifty, times over. . . . . . .
W. F. Kennedy Is Taken Into
Custody in Alameda for
Robbing Several Houses
Financial Ruin Overtakes
Former San Franciscan in
the~ British Metropolis
GARDNER'S BIG
FORTUNE GONE
POLICE CAPTURE
YOUNG BURGLAR
During the long hours of the night
Mrs. Sheahan sat at a table or paced
up and down the corridor of the wom
an's department and in conversation
to-day said: "Do you suppose I would
sleep in one of those bunks or eat the
stuff" they have here?. Not much; 1 I
sat right here all-night and Twill' wait
until I get out of here before I eat or
Bleep." ' ¦ . - : -• : ; •-. ¦ \ t ¦¦ ¦ . ¦;•':¦¦ -'¦
She was liberated at 5 o'clock this
evening, as her second day began at
3 o'clock in the afternoon. Attorney
Johns, her lawyer, endeavored to have
her apologize to Judge Melvin; but she
refused to do it. "''¦ '
Without so much as taking off her
hat, Mrs. Mabel C. Sheahan spent last
night and to-day In the County Jail,
where she was committed by Judge
Melvln for contempt of court for in
terrupting: the • proceedings during the
trial of her dlvbTce suit yesterday. This
afternoon she was examined " by ., Dr.
C. L. Tlsdale, the County Physician,
at the suggestion -of the authorities,
for Insanity, but his only report was
that he found "a very strong-minded
woman."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 19. ,
Herman and Amelia B. M. Cooler to Oaorgs
C Alexander and E. M. Norton, lot on £ Una
of Shattuck avenua, 87.14 S of Center street.
S 43.71. E 123.54. N 47.60. W 117.63, lot 4,
block B. Berkeley, property maps 1 and ,2.
Blake Tract, etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Frank H. and Fannie M. Law-ton to Samuel
S. and Addle McCurdy, lot on SW corner of
Channlng way and Grove street, W 100 'by S
47, portion' of lot 1, block 24, McOee Tract.
etc... Berkeley: $10. . -
Emma L. E. and W. T. Gllllhan (husband)
to Roy T. 'Kimball (single), lot on SW corner
of Haste and Fulton rtreets. N 60. W 100. If
40. W 60. S 80, E 150, portion of lot 5. block
8, property of Collega Homestead Association.
Berkeley; $10.
Joseph Westall (widower) to Freeman H.
Rogers, lots 31 and 32, block D, Laurel Grov*
Park. Brooklyn: $10.
Nellie T. and Herbert A. Swift to ' J. W.
Hoag, lot on N Una of Thirty-fourth or Brown
¦treet, 241 E of West. E 73 by N 120:3, lot 23
and E ¥% of lot 24, block L>. property of Central
Land Ccmpany, Oakland; $10.
St. Joseph's Home for Deaf Mutes (corpora
tion) to city of Oakland (corporation), for uses
and purposes of public road. etc.. land begin-"
ning at NB corner of Fortieth street and Tele
graph avenue, N 20 by E 280.80, being S 20
feet of block O, map of Central Oakland Tract,
excepting E 00 feet thereof, now owned by the
Realty Syndicate. Oakland: val. cons.
Leo L. and Eatelle H. Xichol to Emma K.
Berg (wife of L. J.). lot on SW line of Mont*
Vista. »venue, 750 SE of Piedmont or Webster
avenue. SE 37.64, SW 115.44. NW 41.70. NB
115.30, lot 34. and portion of lot 33. map, of
Piedmont Villa Tract, Oakland; $10.
Hiram Tubbs Estate Company to Alice I*
Tubbs. ' lot on SW Una of East Seventeenth
street.- 10O SB of Fifth avenue, SK 23 by SW
150. lot 20. blocic 82, Cllntdn Eaat Oakland
no. . -.-.-.* ¦¦¦ . . -. "
Eugene Colby to H. H. Colby, undivided
half of lot on ME line of East Twelfth street.
100 SE from — lino of Eleventh avenue. NE
along said line of Twelfth street 50, NE at
right angle 150, NW at right angls SO, SW
150 to beginning, lots S and B. block 41, Clin
ton. East Oakland; 910.
Edna and Robert IX Connolly to Lowell J.
Hardy, lot on NW line of Fifteenth avenua.
65 SW of East Fifteenth street. SW*33 by
NW 73. portion of lots 13 to 15. block IS. San
Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
Edwin P. and Hellen M. Littlefleld to Lewis
Newhard and Emily Maude Snyder (wife), lot
on SW line of East Seventeenth street. 12O
NW of Twenty-second avenus. NW 30 by SW
140. lot 13. and portion of lot 17 block 37.
San Antonio. East Oakland: $10.
Annlo and Frederick J. Fernhof to Charlotte
Brauer. lot on ,NE line of East eighteenth
street, 175 NW of Twenty-fourth avenua, NW
40 by NE 150, portion hot 6. block 1, map of
subdivision SO Associates Tract, East Oak
land; {10. .
H. E. Brlttain to John S. do Lancey, lot on
SE Una of Third avenns (formerly , Chase),
263 NE of East Sixteenth (formerly liunroe)
street. SE 1730 by SW 37.92, East Oakland:
$10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Rosa M. Henkle. lot on E Un« of Elite
street. 100 S of Prince. S SO:6 by E 120, por
tion of lot 114. block 4, lands of Regent-street
Homestead Association. 1S70, Berkeley; $10.
John C. and Mary L. Lynch (wife) to Car
mellta Alice Martinez, lot on S line of Hearst
avenue, 150 W of Grove street, W 37:8 by 3
123, portion of ranga 2. map of Hardy Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Hugh, and Anna S. Hogan to Thomas -V.
Sullivan, lot on E corner of East Twenty-sixth
street and Thirteenth avenue, NB 40.12, SE
146.36. SW 40. NW 143. lot 1 and portion of
lots 2 and 42. Hogan's subdivision map block
67, Highland Park, East Oakland; 910.
Kristen JL. Spansarard to J. A. Spanggard,
lot on SW corner of Carlton and Grove streets.
W 137.00. S 51.63. E 134.CS. N 62 to beginning,
lot 8, block H, map Crystal Springs Tract.
Berkeley: Sift .
Leah b\ Mott (single) to Margaret A. Smith
(widow), lot on W lino of Lafayette street. 95
S of Buena Vista avenue, S 30 by W 100, por
tion lots 17 to 20 block 45. map near Encinal
station of Columbus Bartlett. Esq., Alameda;
$10.
Wellington Gregg Jr. (by William R. Berry,
bis attorney) and Leonie Gregg (wife) to A.
W. Kelly, lot on S line of Seventh street. 100
E of Chestnut. E B0 by S 00. block 436. Oak
land; ?IO.
John R. and Rosa T. Mulholland and Ellen
E. Saunders to Mary A. Mulholland. lot on
E line of WaUworth avenue. 25 S. from NW
corner of lot 14, thence SE 79.08, SW S3, NW
74.77. N 37:6,. portion 0 part of lot 14. block
A. same map, deed made to partition above
and other property. Oakland $1.
John R. and Mary A. Mulholland to Rosa T.
Mulholland. lot beginning at NW corner of
lot 14. HE 82, SW 24. NW 79.08. N 23. to be
ginning, being N portion of lot 14. block A,
same map, same, Oakland; $1. •
Mary A., Rose T. and John- R. MuJholland
to .Ellen E. Saunders, lot on E Una of Wals
worth avenue. 3tt N from SW corner of lot 13,
block A, tnence SE to.Ott. NB 33. NW 74.77. **
37:tt to beginning, being N portion of lot 13
and extreme S portion of lot 14. block A, same
map, same, Oakland; $1.
William and Margaret Austin to Jennie Ed
wards (wife of Albert I.), lot on S lina of
Walton (or Thirty-fifth) street. 620:11 E of
San Pablo avenue, E 30 by S 140:4. portion
lots. 17 and IS, Cotter Tract. Oakland; $10.
Alary A. and Rose T. Mulholland and Ellsn
E. : Saunders) to John R. Mulholland. lot be
ginning at SW corner of lot 15. thence SE to
SE corner of laid lot, NE 34. NW 63.0U, S
3t$, to beginning, being 9 portion of lot 13.
block A, lands' of Oakland View Homestead
Association, deed made to partition above de
scribed and other lands, Oakland: $1. ."..
John R. Mulholland to Annie May (single),
same; .Oakland; $10.
Mary H. Peters (single) afid Arthur S. Peter*
and, as her attorney, and Nellie S. Peter*
(widow) (single) to Anna I*. White, wire of
T. A., lot on SW corner of Tenth and Grove
street*. S 50 by "W 100, lota 15, ltt «nd portion
of lot 14. block 114. KeHersberger'a map. Oak
land; also lot on W line of Grove street.. 50 3
of Tenth. S 23 by 7w 100. lot 17 and portion
lot 14." block lit, same. Oakland; $10.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRAXSxXCTIOXS.
Woman Freei After'. Neither
Eating Nor Sleeping Dur
ing Her Incarceration
SHE REFUSES ALL FOOD
'.'Either you are a -deeply, wronged
woman or you are insane," declared
Police Judge Mortimer Smith to-day
after he had heard the story of Mrs.
Kjerstine Jacobson, who insists that
she is the wife of John B. Ampuero, an
engineer, residing at 1216 Clay street.
Mrs. Jacobson was on trial, charged
by Mrs. Bessie Ampuero, who also as
serts her wifehood. with the same man,
with disturbing her peace by visiting
the house and insisting upon establish
ing herself as Ampuero's rightful
spouse. ' "\ *" ' t -'
"If what you assert Is true." said
Judge Smith, "you have made out this
man a bigamist. It Is a very serious
situation and I shall demand proof be
fore I disposeof case."
Mrs. Jacobson testified in defense of
her action in going to the Ampuero res
idence ' that she j wedded Ampuero by
contract October 6, 1894. at Pleasanton]
That was one year before the 'Legis-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Oct. 19.
lature annulled the contract marriage
law.' The woman declared she had lived
with- Ampuero for eight years as his
wife in Pleasanton, San Jose, Tres
Pinos and San Francisco. She insisted
that Ampuero had deserted her . to
marry the woman who now bears his
name. The second Mrs. Ampuero is
young and not devoid of beauty. In
support of her story. Mrs. Jacobson of
fered a long list containing names of
persons In the places at which she had
resided with the man she claims .as
husband. Judge Smith directed sub
penas to issue :-;WJ., :..
The second Mrs. Ampuero was vocif
erously indignant at the narrative. She
was positive that her rival had no le
gal hold upon the man In the case.
"This woman has followed us for
years," said the younger wife. "She
has asserted herself everywhere. I had
an attorney Investigate her story and
I know there is nothing in it." Ampuero
was not In a communicative frame of
mind. He and the complainant depart
ed, together after Judge Smith con
tinued the case until October 22.
Mrs; Mabel Sheahan Spends
an Uncomfortable Night
in . Jail for Contempt
JDDGE DEMANDS THE ELDER CLAIMANT'S PROOF
Two Women Fight For One Man
KEEPS HER HAT
ON IN PRISON
Case Needs a Solomon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY; OCTOBER 20, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
,FREE ¦— FREE— FREB
; — : — --— - .WITH- ••"••- '
-SUNDAYiCALrL —
¦:. ;•;; ;;.: want, ads. :"'... ".;
Your Choice of Two Premiums,
¦ • > -J Either a T- '- ¦ •¦¦¦¦•
— LIGHTNINGiBREAD and—
-,.; : . " .¦ CAKE KNIFE ; \ "'
'¦-'< ''•'•'¦' r: : ; .'C ¦"'.':• Or :»S\i^ ' ¦'-
¦.;.;¦ ;• nut set:,
(Six Nut Picks and ; a Crack.)
See- Small -;Ad.y Page , for Fur-
'' : ' } y \'{ theriParticulani^' ]ir ;;'O
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
1 - — . ' , — I Positirely cured by
#•• A DTCD C these tittle pills »
uHFvi Ll\0 Tbej sOso relleTe DJs-
WSS3 tress rrom V7S?*2Slt» In.
IT I LE digestion and Too Heuty
fe^ lyrD Eating. ': A perfect rem-
I V 1 1\ e<3y Jor Dizziness, Nausea.
""^ PILLSs DrowsuieB3. Bad Taste
Uj$ p% . ta the MoutX Coa^d
Es : j^^i^ :^ Tongru«, Pain in tae SWe,
*— tM^ M - , 1 TORPID LIVER. Tae7
re?nlate tna Bowete. Purely Vesreublo. ~ -\-\
SMAaPILL SMALL DOSE. SirULLPBICEr
jjyrgf^jl CURE SICK HEADACIifi.
©fiTTLE Genuine Must Bear
I PILLs! fa>Simil8 SiginaiurB
TfffffflsrfTlisTiranTfc.it rtwBws«is«i niMfMrtTi^^irTi
BBAXCH OFFICES ,
OF THE CALL IN
ALAUEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Slain I OSS.
BERKELEY.
2118 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda '859.
ADVERTISEDIEVrS.
. ' " " ' ¦" i^ b_MHbTs>
A RECOmnUTDATlOat. V- :%
Of our work will be given by any one ol
the many we have successfully treated.'
All are well pleased because all are weir
served. wMBBBBbBcS!
':" OUB TEETH OJT P!LATE3
Are the* highest' achievement cf * that
branch of . •»'
— -DENTISTRY——:;^
They look well and wear .-well. * Perform
all the functions of the natural teeth
with comfort to the wearer. ,».-'
vfFull Set on Rubber, $3.00. -{. ,
Postgraduate Dental Collegl;
"S.TATLOB ST^ SA» PBAIf CISCO. ldt
973 .Washington St^> Oakland,
S&A Jog*. •> ¦ ,-:>.¦>¦ Sacraja*-*-; RU6H IT. - Gabriel Printing Co.. JTrlnt Any
ibing." 4ia Sacramento tu 1 ' Never! disappoint.*
FIRE ON . FRONT STREET.— Fire started
last night on the top floor of the photographic
supply house of Lance, Schooley & Co., at the
comer of Front and Clark streets. Two alarms
were sent In and the department quickly ¦ had
the blaze under control. Paper . and photo
graphic supplies : were . burned and water dam
aged tbe " f. tores of several commission mer
chants underneath. ¦ The lots U estimated at
S50C0. .¦-.¦.Yr^'-"--'---^. ¦-:•
. " ; TO ¦• DISMISS , CONTEST. — The contest
apitnst the willof'Jenet Crabb, be^nn by her
nieces. < Georglanna - C. ' Barton and'. Addle Me-
Knight, may be* dismissed < upon the motion of
the attorneys tor the executor, made yesterday.
th«y ; showing --- that > the ten - days : granted by
t h« - court : in i which . to ' amend the contestants*
petition • have i elapsed. • The deceased - lived In
the family of the, late Charles Harley for forty
years ; and -. left ' nearly all of ¦ her $t5CC0 . to the
Harleys. .: ¦ " ¦ "
The Supervisors' '; License ; Commit
tee yesterday "recommended , that ¦ the
license on junk dealers be, fixed at $6,
$ 3 and % 1 , per quarter, " according to
the amount of business done, "^instead
of ' $8, $6. and , J4. * The proposed or
dinance master - painters .,, at
$251 per annum went N over for one
License on Junk Dealers.
Fail hats. 1904, juat arrived. nobbleJ
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace."
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— In the test
case brought by A. J. Gaylord, the
Texas Socialist candidate for Congress
in the First District, to be placed on
the ballot at the coming election, the
Supreme Court gave a decision to-day
in favor of Gaylord. It was ordered
that a writ of mandate be issued com
pelling Secretary, of State Charles F.
Curry to place his name on the ballot.
Name Will Go on the Ticket.
Before 'the;. 11 o'clock "watch 1 , wai
sent out last night a lecture on thieves
in the Police _ Department .was read ' to
the patrolmen ''¦ by, order of Chief Witt
man. ' A f ew • nights ¦'¦' ago 'Policeman
Percy Smith's mackintosh was missing
from'* his , locker/. As petty : larceriists
and: sneak' thieves f do t . not; enter- the
Central station except tinder protest it
is, believed^that the coat was taken by
some 'one in^ the department 1 \
Lieutenant Wright,- after reading , the
chiefs ; order, , made - each man stand
beside ; his,; locker' i while ; the - contents
were inspected." -The missing rain' coat
was not discovered.- : *~ ? '
I#cture by : Chief . Wlttinan ori ; Thieves
in Department Is Read .;
.to Patrolmen.
MACKINTOSH IS STOLEN
r • FROM : ¦ POLICE STATION
Man-Eating Shark.
Jaw on free exhibition at Lord's Curio
Store, 772 and 774 Market street. •
The California Society of the Sons of
the "American Revolution gave a dinner
at the .Occidental Hotel last night in
commemoration of the one hundred and
twenty-third anniversary of '¦¦ the battle
of Yorktown.
It was an ¦ enthusiastic meeting. Na
tional airs , were "played by the" band
and ; the > speeches all smacked v of fer
vent* patriotism'. ' Colonel A. D. Cutler,
president of the society, was master of
ceremonies; The speakers were: Judge
Henry '"AhMelvln,; Colonel' George W.
Hirides,", Edward H. Hart and Sanf ord
Bennett.
-. The dinner was served in Old Domin
ion ! arid k was most excellent! ' The
committee (of -arrangements Ywas : , com
posed of Dr.' J.' Mora Moss, Louis Bart
lett and John , A. Hosmer.
California Society Sons of the Ameri
> ¦ can Revolution Gives Banquet at
' Occidental Hotel.
On motion of Samuel Shortridge of
counsel for Annie Quinn in the contest
of the will of Thomas W. Mahoney
Judge Coffey yesterday continued the
trial of the case .until November 9,
but as either the Dolbeer or Monnler
case will be. on at that time the trial
will probably not be reached until
several weeks later. The contestant's
side desires to take depositions in New
York. Attorney Matt Sullivan, rep
resenting Frank Conklln,' administra
tor of the estate ;and sole' beneficiary
under the will, opposed the continu
ance and pointed out ; that ; , the contest
had been started nearly ; twb years
and a halt ago. A previous contest by
other relatives of the deceased was de
feated. The " estate is worth ¦¦ about
$40,000.
Will Contest Continued.
CELEBRATE ANNIVERSARY
OF BATTLE OF YORKTOWN
The Paraiso Springs are always open. •
Vaudeville, Song Recitals and Min
strel Show Please Large Audi
ence-at Lyric" Hall.
The entertainment for the benefit of
Holy Cross Church given at Lyric Hall
last night proved a successful affair
in every way. The .auditorium was
crowded and the audience heartily ap
plauded each selection rendered by the
singers and specialty people. The "min
strel "show, given by the boys of Holy
Cross parish, was the hit of the even
ing.
Among the singers were Domenlco
Borghese, Fred C. Hotaling, Mlgnon
"As a man thlnketh, so is he."- As a man
drinketh. eo Is he. Drink Gilt Edge Whiskey
and you'll be good. Wlchman. Lutgen & Co.,
29-31 Battery et., San Francisco. •
CARSON, Nev., Oct. 19.— Both the
Silver party's nominees and the.nom
inees of the bolters will be allowed on
the State ticket to be voted for in No
vember. The Silver party applied for
a writ of prohibition against the bolt
ers using the name of the Silver party.
The Supreme Court stood ready : to'
grant the writ, but on account of the
likelihood of deferring the election in
Nevp-da for several months the com
plaining party withdrew the protest
and the names of the candidates dt
both parties will appear, on the ticket.
The bolters only, named Presidential
Electors and a Congressman.
Bolters and the Regulars Find Them
selves in Peculiar Position in
Nevada.
TWO SILVER PARTIES WILL
APPEAR OX THE TICKET
HOLY CROSS CHURCH
BENEFIT A SUCCESS
Judson and Sophie Rottanzi. Gertrude
Hopkins and Katharine Rattigan were
the accompanists. Specialties were
furnished by J. Holland and Allnner
and Grennan.
Will Inspect Reservoir Site,
The members of the Supervisors'
Fire, Finance and Utilities committees
and the Fire Commissioners and City
Engineer Woodward will visit Twin
Peaks this afternoon" with a view to
locating a reservoir site for an auxil
iary salt water system, for which,
$150,000 has been appropriated.
Therer are diamonds everywhere you
dig.
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 19. — J. W.
Davies, formerly of Topeka, but in
recent years a wealthy citizen of Los
Angeles, Cal., died at a local hospital
to-day, aged T4 years. He was on his
way East a few days ago and got sick
on the train. He asked to be put off
at Topeka. his old home. This was
done and he was removed to the hos
pital, where he died of a complication
of diseases.
Wealthy Los Angeleno Dies.
"Wherever we had opportunitj' to
confer with local party leaders we
have heard of a number of Repub
licans who have announced their in
tention to vote the Democratic ticket.
There is no dissatisfaction anywhere
so far as we have learned, among the
Democrats, and all those who sup
ported McKInley are now In line again.
We believe there will be less fraud
at the ballot box than heretofore, as
the people seem to be determined to
have a lair election. The general be
lief among the party leaders ' is that
the State will go Democratic."
WAYNE, W. Va., Oct. 19. — Henry
G. Davis ended his whirlwind cam
paign through West Virginia at Wayne
to-night. Just how he regards the ex
pedition may be gleaned from his ref
erence to it in addressing his audience
here. He said:
Henry G. Davis Ends Whirlwind Cam
paign Through West Virginia.
MAY NOW REST A WHILE.
- Miss Elizabeth C. A. Terry, grand
president of the Young- Ladies' Insti
tute,* has made the following appoint
ments:
District deputies — Deputy at large, Mrs. M.
E. Hill; No. 1, San Francisco, Mrs. Lena Pa
rietto; No.- 2, San Francisco, Miss L. C. A.
Terry: No. 3. San Francisco, Miss Fannlu
Douglas; No. 5. Grass Valley, "Mrs. M. Roach:
No. 7, San Francisco, Mrs. A. Sweeney; No. 12,
Santa Cruz. Mrs. Myra Roney; No. 13, Vallejo,
Mrs. M. McGuire; No. 15, Oakland, Mrs. K.
V. Doyle; No. 17, Sacramento, Mrs. M. Buch
anan: No. 20, San Francisco, Miss M. Stein;
No. 21, Eureka, Miss M. Fitzgerald; No. 21,
Oakland. Miss M. Stein; No. 28, Napa, Mro.
Ellen Lawler; No. 30. Canon City, Nev., Mrs.
N. Raysroft; No. SI, Virginia City. Nev., Miss
Gertrude Pyne; No. 32, San Jose, Miss K. Cur
ley; No. 44, Uvermore, Miss K. McKeany; No.
47, Meroed, Mrs. Jennie Corwin; No.' 4S, Sacra
mento, Mrs. M- Taylor; No. 49, Stockt.cn, Miss
N. Grant; No. 60, Los Angeles. Miss E. Mc-
Carthy: No. 81, Alameda, Miss M. Stein.
Finance commlttee^ — Mrs. Kathleen V. Doyle
(chairman), Josephine Riordan, Nellie Winters,
May Stein, ' Mrs. Annie Sweeney, Mary Dono
van.
. Committee on appeals and petition — Margaret
O'Neill, Mrs. A. Sweeney. Martha Coppage,
Fannie Douglas," Bessie McEUigott. Mrs. Lizzie
Whelan. - b--v>"
• Committee on printing — Nellie Winters,
Katherlne Burke, Mary Curley (chairman),
Mrs. Annie Devlne. '
Committee on supplies — Mrs.' M. Richardson,
Mamie Deasy, Mrs. M. Fitzgerald, Josephine
T.- Molloy.
Committee on headquarters — Josephine T.
Molloy (chairman), Mrs. M. Kaunltz, Mrs.
Eleanor Greany, Mrs. Lena Panetto, Mrs. Mar
caret Peacock. Mrs. Nora Cleeves, Mary Ke
neally, Annie Nyhan, Julia Halton, Mrs. M.
McGuire. :
Hospital committee — Mrs. Mamie Fitzgerald,
Mrs. Margaret Peacock, Mrs. Mary Kaunltz.
Grand President of Young Ladles' In
stitute . Selects Deputies and
Other Officers.
Acting on the theory that what is
objectionable to one' side is equally ob
jectionable to the other, the Citizens*
Alliance has requested that Swan, the
painter, remove his sandwich banner
from the front of his place on Market
street."
In explanation of this movement,
President Herbert George said that it
was as necessary for the employers to
obey the law as for the unions, and
that boycott banners of either em
ployer or union could be stopped upon
proper application to the law; He said
further that Mr. Swan gracefully ac
ceded to the request of the Citizens'
Alliance.
The Citizens' Alliance has begun pro
ceedings to enjoin the Upholsterers'
Union from prosecuting the boycott
against the Crescent Feather Com
pany. The trouble in the Crescent
Feather Company arose from the fact
that | six union men out of seventy-,
five workmen demanded that the non
union hands . be discharged.
Considerable ; interest is being: ¦ taken
by labor organizations in contributing
to the Co-operative Meat Company.
Arrangements ' are being made by
Waiters' Union, Local No. 30, for their
annual ball at Mechanics' Pavilion
next Saturday night.
The following delegates were elected
by the International Holders' Union" to
the American Federation of Labor: Jo
seph F. Valentine, Michael Kehoe, R.
H. Metcalf and James O'Neill.
The delegates who will represent the
Steam Engineers are:
- President, Daniel Daniels; Tic* president.
Harry Leary; recording secretary, Clark C.
Bedford; financial secretary, John P Tyson*
treasurer, Charles Tubert; J. O. Crosscup and
W. J. Holman. ¦ .
Say Boycott Signs by Unions Are No
Excuse for Counter Attack by
EniDloyers.
ALLIANCE ASKS PAINTER
TO TAKE AWAY SIGNS
MISS TERRY ANNOUNCES /
IMPORTANT APPOINTMENTS
BELLINGHAM, Wash., Oct. 19. —
Lee You, the Portland Chinese, who
testified that he was a native of this
country and was released last week
by United States Court Commissioner
Williams from the charge of being il
legally in the United States, has been
rearrested by Deputy Immigration In
spector Ferrandlni. The inspector
will move for a new hearing and may
seek to carry the case to the Federal
District Court on a writ of certiorari.
He maintains that personal testimony
of the accused, such as was given by
Lee You. is insufficient evidence In
immigration cases.
Bellinsham Inspector Not Willing to
Admit a Chinese on His Own
Evidence Alone,
MAKES ISSUE OF PERSONAL
TESTIMONY OF IMMIGRANT
Faw is well known in Oakland, and
is a candidate for State Senator on
the Democratic ticket against Senator
Lukens.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 19. — A warrant has
been issued here for the arrest of
George E. Faw, a well-known insur
ance man and politician of Oakland,
on a charge of obtaining money under
false pretenses. The complaint was
made before Justice Wallace by W. F.
Ferguson, proprietor of the Louvre
saloon on North First street. On the
25th of June last Faw desired to cash
a check for $100 on the Oakland Bank,
and Ferguson accommodated him. In
a few days Faw's check was returned
to Ferguson with the statement that
Faw had no funds in the bank.
George E. Faw of Oakland Accused
of Obtaining Money Under.
False Pretenses.
DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATE
PLACED UNDER CLOUD
From the Third "Ward McKinlay went
to a joint meeting of the Eighth and
Ninth wards, held beneath a big tent
at Twentieth and K streets. Here a
large crowd welcomed him with thun
dering cheers and applause. He as
cended the rostrum and delivered an
eloquent address upon the issues of
the campaign.
McKinlay was then escorted to Pyth
ian Castle, . where an immense crowd,
anxious to hear the Republican orator
speak, filled the hall. He made an ef
fective appeal to the voters for their
support, showing clearly the advan
tages of selecting a Republican to rep
resent this district in Congress. As
at the other gatherings the Congres
sional candidate was warmly applaud
ed.
At midnight McKinlay spoke to the
employes of the street car company at
the car barn, where he made many
friends among the street car men.
The first gathering was held at the
headquarters of the Third Ward Re
publican Club, one of the oldest poli
tical clubs of the State- At this meet
ing hundreds of working men were
present and greeted McKinlay with
great applause. Secretary of State
Charles F. Curry presided over the
gathering and in his introductory re
marks urged the election of. McKinlay.
In his address McKinlay told with
great effect of his successful tour
through the district. He said the Sec
ond District needed more help from
Congress than any other district in the
State and that if elected he 'would be
able to solicit the aid of the other Re
publican Congressmen in securing an
appropriation for river improvements.
He said a Democratic representative
from this district would not be able to
secure this aid. He was frequently in
terrupted by applause during his re
marks.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 19.— Duncan E.
McKinlay, the Republican Congression
al candidate, was given threes grand'
ovations in this city to-night at three
well attended Republican ward meet
ings, held in different parts of the city.
The meetings were so arranged that
McKinlay went from meeting to meet
ing and delivered a short address at
each.
Addresses Three Meetings and Re
ceives Ovation at Each.
McKIXLAY AT CAPITAL.
A porch climber whose daring work
has awakened the local police de
partment successfully gained an en
trance to the home of Daniel Earl at
2121 Laguna street several nights ago.
The daring thief entered while the
occupants of the house were out for
dinner. He succeeded in carrying
away money and jewelry .to the
amount of several hundred dollars.
When the family returned they
found the house. in "a topsy-turvy con
dition. EyerVconceivable place where
valuables might have been secluded
was ransacked by the prowler in his
eager search for valuables.
Captain of Detectives Burnett has
detailed several o,f his men g on the
case. The police of Oakland are cer
tain that he is the same man who has
robbed many residences in the fash
ionable quarters there.
Robs Home of Daniel Earl While*Oc
cupants Are at Dinner and
Takes Valuables.
PORCH CLIMBER WORKS
IX WESTERN ADDITION
Two stakes will be decided at Union:
Coursing Park on Saturday and Sun
day, the reserve and class events. A
number of the fleetest dogs of the
State were drawn last night to com
pete in the double event. One round
of the reserve stake will be run down
on Saturday. A special train will
leave for the park at 10:30 on Sat
urday morning. Following is the re
sult of last night's draw:
Reserve stake — Spanish Lad v?. Moonbeam;
Rush Away vs. John Heenan; Ml Amlgo vs.
Advance Guard: Queen's .Motto vs. Sky Van;
R.W vs. Master Garrison; Flying Pigeon vs.
Lulu Girl; Vandal vs. Trlxy; Tralee Boy vs.
Bright Fortune: Hermls vs. Kid Clalr; D R
vs. Sacramento Boy; General Quill vs. Fancy
Free: Eden Vale vs. Ouliia; Jack Short vs."
Mount Lowe; Polncettla vs. Tennyson: Sum
mer Girl vs. Sofala; Aggie W vs Durazzo;
Panoche vs. Prompto: Eagle vs. Star Sylvanus;
False Alarm v*. Lord Melbourne; Aeolus vs.
Golden Garter: Blue Dillon vs. Miss Domestic;
Amandan vs. Hot Shot; Mollle Me vs. Texas
Ginger: Mark Twain vs. Galveston; Ready Ad
dress vs. Margaret; Miss Brummel vs. Flaunt;
Free Costa vs. lone Hill; Boots vs. Fearless
Lad: Wllil Norah vs. Paul Dunbar; Annadale
vs. Sherman; Glaucus vs. Lord Brazen; Gen
eral DeWet vs. Gold -Chain; Imperious vs.
Royal Spirit; Story's Slater vs. Texas Black
lips; Nellie "Wise vs.. Racing Auto; Red Rock
vs. Una; Texas Mlgnon vs. Daisy Rocket;
Haphazard vs. Rusty Anchor; Honest John vs.
Frisco Lad: Cosette vs. Rapid "Water; Miss
Green vs.- Dorothy M; Our -Motto vs. Silver
Cloud; Younsr Tommy R vs. J R; Sylvester vs
Remlsso Animo; Helen Hayes vs. Rose ct Gold-
Runaway Actress vs. Rural Artist; Rich Array
vs. Apple Blossom; Belle Marie vs. Orslna.
Class stake — Frisky Barbara vs. In Time;
Valley Pride vs. Gambit; Charter Member vs.
Agile Spurt; High Born 'vs. Renegade Apache;
Pomona vs. The Referee: Tom King vs Rich
ard Anton; Tlllle R vs. Belle Free; Tom
Hooker vs. J E H.
Reserve and Class Stakes Bring To
gether Crack Coursers From All
Parts of the State.
LIKELY IIOUXDS CARDED
¦^ TO MEET AT UNION PARK
Driver Harding was arrested and
booked on a charge of manslaughter,
as the police think that he may hava
been intoxicated when he fell from the
coupe. ' *
Policeman Ruggles tried to stop the
frfrzled horse, but was hurled to the
pavement. Near Fifth street Boor
man rushed out of the stable at 823
Mission street, where he is employed
as a hostler. Though slight of frame,
Jhe brave fellow clutched the trailing
reins and clung to.-thenv tenaciously.
Suddenly his hold gave way and he fell
under the wheels of the coupe.
The Central Emergency Hospital
ambulance was summoned, but Boor
man died soon afttr being placed on
the stretcher.
While attempting to stop a runaway
horse that was dashing madly along
Mission street yesterday afternoon,
Fred Boorman was so badly injured
that he died while being removed to
the Emergency Hospital.
The frightened horse, attached to a
coupe, was passin? Third street, when
it shied at a car. The animal's driver,
Charles E. Harding, was hurled from
his seat and the runaway galloped
madly along the crowded thorough
fare. * :-i':":
The committee referred to the Board
of Works the petition of the Me-r
chants' Association for the removal of
arc light signs maintained on the
outer edge of sidewalks in violation
of the ordinance. , >
The proposed ordinance to regulate
the construction of sidewalk elevators
and their openings submitted by the
Merchants' Association were referred
to the joint Street and Finance Com
mittee, which will meet next Monday.
The Board of Works was asked to
explain a bill of $45 50 for inspection
of the elevators in the' City Hall and
Hall of Justice and the reasons there
for. The bill is for inspecting eleva
tors for the quarter ending Decem
ber 31, 1904, which has not expired.
- The committee postponed for two
weeks consideration of the proposed
ordinance prohibiting oil drippings
from automobiles falling on the pave
ments.
,Dr. Emma L. . Merritt, executrix of
the Sutro estate, appeared before the
Supervisors' Street Committee yester
day in opposition to the petition of
Ed Maloney for permission to explode
blasts on the northerly side of Sev
enteenth street, between Uranus and
Ashbury. Mrs. Merritt objected to
the grading because it would make a
cut of about forty feet in front of the
Sutro property to the west of Upper
terrace, necessitating the terracing of
the lots. • Maloney agreed to grade
the lots free of cost, but Mrs. Merritt
thought he ought to^pay for the mac
adam. She. said damage had already
been done to the property, for which
punishment should be meted out. The
committee decided to refer the matter
to Civic Architect D. H. Burnham of
the Adornment Association to submit
a plan to beautify the property de
scribed. ' ¦ --
The report points out that while there
are 1500 prisoners at San Quentin there
are only 600 cells in which to keep
them and the recommendation is made
that new buildings for the housing of
the convicts be constructed at that
place.
The report states that in the judg
ment of the directors the sum of $25,
000 appropriated by the last Legisla
ture will not construct such a build
ing at Folsorn for the housing of the
criminal insane as the board desires.
Nevertheless the building will be con
structed.
The report states that owing to the
advance and Increase in wages
throughout the United States difficulty
is experienced in securing desirable and
trustworthy men to fill the position of
guards at the prisons. It Is pointed
out that the best men cannot be se
cured to fill these positions at the sal
ary— $50 a month, with board and lodg
ing. The board recommends that the
6alary be increased to an amount
which will insure the securing of the
cervices of dependable men.
Attention is called to the fact that
the congregate system, in which the
prisoners are all kept together, is in
vogue. This is not In the interest of
prison discipline or the reformation
of those men sent to make reparation
for infractions of the law.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 19 — The State
Board of. Prison Directors to-day filed
its biennial report with the Governor.
The report submits no figures, although
voluminous and comprehensive.
The recommendation Is made that
the Legislature make sufficient appro
priation for the support of San Quen
tin Prison without regard to the re
ceipts from the sale of grain __ bags.
Heretofore it has been the policy of
the Legislature to appropriate a certain
amount, which, with the moneys re
ceived from selling bags, carries the
institution. Reference is made to the
shortage of the grain crops this year,
with its consequent dearth of demand
for bags, as indicating to what straits
a public institution may be put when
a part of Its support is dependent upon
the sale of a given commodity. The
recommendation is also made that the
law fixing the limits as to the number
of bags to be sold in a year be amend
ed.
CHIHUAHUA, Mex., Oct. 19.— Davis
Richardson, president of the Labufa
Mining and Milling Company of Labu
fa, Mexico, has arrived here and re
ports that a marauding band of YaquI
Indians has killed five Americans near
Labufa within the past three weeks.
One of the men killed by x them was J.
R. Martin, superintendent of the Bar
ranca Coal Company. Richardson says
the hostile Indians have the people of
that section terrorized.
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, Oct. 19.— The
military authorities have advices from
llayon appealing for help and stating
that two parties of Mexicans en route
to a fiesta at that place were attacked
and murdered- by Yaquis, who are
known to have killed eight already,
while several others are missing. '•¦
One party, made up of Jose and Ra
mon Contrera and Manuel Robles, left
Carbo to attend the Rayon fiesta. Rela
tives in the latter city were expecting
them and when they failed to arrive
and' reports of Yaqui depredations be
gan to come in Manuel Antunes, Mayor
of Rayon, organized a searching party
of fifty, who. after three days, found
the bodies of the three men not far
from the roadside- Their hands and
feet had been cut off, the bodies were
stripped and every thing of value had
been carried away. On several occa
sions the searching party caught the
trail of the Indians, but was not strong
enough to proceed against them.
Luis Penaloza and a party of four
were murdered in a similar manner
while en route from v La Colorado to
Torres and reports from that section
indicate that the Indians are commit
ting other depredations. The bodies
of Penaloza and. his companions were
discovered by Gordon Seymour, an
American of La Colorado, who went
over the road alone, but was unmolest
ed by the Indians. He gave the alarm
at La Colorado, where the authorities
appealed to Hermosillo, asking that a
detachment of the newly organized
force of Rurales bjs sent against the
Indians. t
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The road was built many years ago
by Eastern capital and was bought by
the Southern Pacific, which never real
ized much from the purchase until the
discovery of Tonopah, Goldfleld and
their neighboring mineral zones.
It is also unofficially stated that the
Tonopah road, ninety miles in length,
connecting with the Carson and Colo
rado at Sodaville, and running into
Tonopah, will be changed at^once from
a narrow to a standard gauge line.
Several days ago the Tonopah Railway
Company ordered 30,000 ties, which, it
is believed, are to be used in relaying
the line.
RENO. Nev., Oct. 19.— From sources,
the reliability of which cannot be ques
tioned, if has been learned that the
Carson and Colorado Railway, extend
ing 300 miles' from Moundhouse, Nev.,
to Keeler, Cal., and owned by the
Southern Pacific, is to. be converted
into a standard gauge, with first-class
passenger and freight rolling stock.
The material has already been ordered
and active work is to begin at once.
The undertaking will involve the ex
penditure of several million dollars,' as
the line traverses the greatest mineral
belt of Nevada, the wonderful devel
opment of which makes the change im
perative.
The movement has been under con
sideration for several months and fre
quent trips of inspection have been
made over the line by the general offi
cials of the company, located at San
Francisco. When interviewed this
morning in this city, General Manager
Agler declined to discuss the matter,
saying that the development of the
country might require great changes
on the part of the company, but re
fused to eay what these changes
might be.
For several weeks the Carson and
Colorado has been absolutely swamped
with freight consigned from San Fran
cisco and Reno to Tonopah and Gold
field. The rapid development of these
camps and their enormous increase of
population within the last few months
has stimulated shipping to a degree
that the Carson and Colorado is not
equal to and the quantities of ore that
the two camps offer for shipment are
many times greater than the capacity
of the road.
Says Grading Would Make
Cut of Forty Feet in Front
of Very Valuable Property
Southern Pacific Decides on
Change to Handle Tono
pah and Goldfield Freight
Proposed FuU Appropriation
Be Made Instead of Rely
ing Partly on Grain Bags
Entire Party En Route to a
Fiesta Slain and Their
Bodies Horribly Mutilated
Chas. E. Harding, in Charge
of the Scared Animal,
Is Hurled From His Seat
DRIVER IS IN CUSTODY
WAYLAID ON THE ROAD
MILLIONS TO BE SPENT
XEW FINANCIAL PLAN
MES. MERRITT PROTESTS
Fred Boorman Tries to Stop
Frightened Horse and Is
Thrown Under the Wheels
Carson and Colorado Line
to Be Transformed to Ac
commodate Growing Traffic
Several Persons Killed by
the Indians in Mexico,
Including Five Americans
Executrix of Sutro Estate
Avers Her Property Is
Damaged by Operations
Directors of Institutions
Bequest That More Cells
Be Built at San Quentin
RUNAWAY KILLS
BRAVE HOSTLER
FALL VICTIMS
TO THE YAQUIS
FILES PROTEST
AGAINST BLASTS
WILL BE MADE
STANDARD ROAD
ROOM LACKING
FOR PRISONERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 19O4L
7
Newbro's Herpicide
The 0R10I VAL remedy that "kills the DanJruf I derm."
SO1N&1 GOlNCr!! CxONE !!!
borcoe mi mti if. .' iancn» wai wt n. mwtm loncaL
THE: LATDtES O EJECT n««te<i to^""^"'"'^Ek 'J&2£
to a pimtoy and sticky heir dressing or ooe that clde. Udlei ttcomt #>nthosUstK : wtr Hi £*««*?
is ftiU of sedlncntuy chemicals Intended to dye tec oddity «ad «*»«•*»« J 1 *^" 0 *" '* £22?
theh»l/. The marked preference for • d*b»ty the mkroble rrowth to *•£*%• <!"*M^*2*»
drewlnff. particularly or.e that overcome* «xce*»- «»5*^ f » n '"tJ^ r r ." l 5 < «t e 5Ti v g * U '
tve oHlnesV«n<l teaves tbe hair l» r ht *«d fluffy. Is STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
Oral Stom, SIJKJt Scarf We, rtaw. to HEHfiClDE CO, test ft, Oetr»n WA, tor ¦ tan?*
APPXICATIOWS AT FBO1K UTEXT BJLMBTM SJCOPg.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL:
Few People Knew How Useful It la in Pre-
serring Hetlth &nd Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier In nature, but
few realize Its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of It the better; It is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present
In the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
rmoking. drinking or after eating
onions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Im-
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels: it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money is
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal, and other /harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
the form of large, pleasant tasting loz-
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
» The daily use of these lozenges will
toon tell in- a much improved condition
of the general health, better complex-
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood
and the beauty of it is that no possible
harm can, result from their continued
use. but. oa the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking -of
the benefits of charcoal eays: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients Buffering from gas in stomach
and bowels, and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is great-
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but twenty-five cents a box at
drug stores, and although in some sense
a patent preparation, , yet I believe I
pet more and better charcoal In Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets." '
ADY^ERTISEMEyft*. \_ __
| Th9 Big Hew Store With the Little Prices. I
g : J^ £ •
Si iN O *A\ 2 •
jk t T **-<<: i if f tft fc^frfi^ft^ f^tjm^ i^tTj!* rUnlr TflF^jTjM*^?^ TCF t?SfP^tttBl9tf^tUKtt^^^^^^!wml fr
* £*% > 5feij£ij ¦ 1 : ' I •¦•¦-¦¦¦¦¦' I- ¦¦-'"¦: ¦¦¦ ¦ I '¦¦-¦ II ¦ -' :¦¦:'•! flUittf :. ¦ : :. •*i>-v^ : ' gk
s © •
I At, 2:30 O'Clock Sharp |
g We throw open every department at our big new store to $
§ the public and cordially invite the masses to pay us a §
g visit S
§ No Goods Will Be Sold To-Day. |
g Delightful music, beautiful souvenirs, floral decora- g
o tions and a colossal stock of Men's and Boys' Clothing, g
• Hats and Furnishings will.be the attractions that will *
© bring a vast multitude of old friends and future patrons g
• to "Frisco's" largest and best stocKed clothing em- g
© porium. • •
o To-Morrow Morning at» 8 O'Clock g
e We shall be ready for business and our strongest bid for g
g your valued patronage will be the largest all brand new e
o stock of Men's and Boys' high-grade and most fashion- e
• able wearing apparel, bearing the lowest* prices ever •
« placed upon sterling and most trustworthy merchandise •
2 in this State. •
8 Store open this afternoon from 2:30 till 6 o'clock 3
3 and from 7:30 to 10 o'clock this evening. 3
3. Don't fail to drop in and see our handsome new 3
3 5-story building filled from basement to roof with the 2
3 most comprehensive stock of Men's and Boys' fashion- §
3 able Clothing, Hats and Fixings ever placed beneath the 3
§ roof of any 'mercantile establishment in this State. 3
3 > "Get, to Know Us." 3
i ii nn iw a rA •¦
3 Frisco's Progressive Clothiers, ., %
I 1028-1030 Market, Street,. I
8 Jasb. Below Mason Street*. 3
o ¦ . . ¦ • : o
Q9*eQQ9C99Q9Q99Q90Q®G99SW099f9%W99999fQOA SECRET ORDER.
"What do the women do at the secret
society ¦ your- wife :, belongs i to ?" ".
' "Swap secrets, I guess." •_'•!
Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 50c. 79 4th uLir
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster Hotise.**
Special information supplied daily ta'
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ * ¦
Townsend's • California Olace fruits In*
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market stS
On November* 1. 1904. will b« advanced
10c per Ib. Holiday orders received up to>:
that date, at present prtc*. A?.£
"I wonder why she 1 wears that army
belt so ostentatiously. Is it a souvenir
of a battle?!' .3§££^
"Yes. an engagement with an army
officer."— Boston Globe. 3BB3S
Will Be Buckled Later.
NATIONALITY— C. M- City. A child
is a native- of the country In which
born. One born In Mexico Is a Mexi
can. One born In California is a na
tive of the United States, no matter
what the nationality of the parents
may be. Citizenship . Is different. ... A
child born of Chinese parents or of
white and Chinese parents is a native
of the country In which born, but when
that child reaches majority, 18 for fe-«
males generally and 21 for males, it
may elect, by the performance of some
act, to adopt the citizenship of the
father.
Cut up two quarts of green toma
toes, one large cabbage, seven cr
eight onions and twelve or thirteen
cucumbers. Mix these well, put them
into a bowl in layers, with sa l* -be
tween, and let them stand for twelve
hours; then drain off the brine,
coyer with vinegar and water, and
again let . stand for another twelve
hours. Meanwhile boll three quarts
of vinegar for a few minutes with
one good, teacupful of grated horse
radish, four ounces ; of mustard seed,
one-half 'ounce of celery seed, three
ounces of ' ground pepper, the same
of turmeric, ¦ rather less of ground
cinnamon and two pounds of brown
sugar.'. Drain the first vinegar from
the vegetables and cover the latter
with '.the above, scalding hot. ,. Let it
all stand till perfectly cold, then add
one teacupful of salad oil and. about
three ounces of ground mustard. Mix
it air thoroughly and store In jara.
TOMATO CHOW-CHOW.
The Minister— It's very sad to think
that every man has his price.
The Politician— Yes, but it's sadder to
think that most of the time he can't
get it. ' .
HIS IDEA.
NEUTRAL. PORT— A Subscrlber.Clty.
The recent action of the United States
In the case of the Russian cruiser
Lena, which came into the port of San
Francisco to have repairs made to her
boilers, is the best answer this depart
ment can give as to "whether & battle
ship belonging to a belligerent nation
can receive any assistance whatever
in a neutral port." Consult the flies of
The Call for the action taken.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Put into a preserving pan four
pounds of good even size red tomatoes
with two pounds of brown sugar, one
pint of good vinegar and one-half
ounce each of cloves and stick cinna
mon. Stew this all together very
gently till the tomatoes are cooked,
but not broken; then. lift them out
and set aside to cool. Continue sim
mering: the syrup very slowly till it is
quite thick. When the tomatoes are
quite cold reheat them gently in the
syrup, and again lift them out, pack
ing when perfectly cold in jars, pour-'
ing the thick syrup, also quite cold,
over , them, and cover down with
bladder.
SPICED TOMATOES.
The requests were complied with, thm
clergyman being pleased to fulfill
wishes which seemed founded on a sen
timent of respect and all went well
until his wife received this note: "Dear
Mrs. :. "Won't you please ask your
husband to send me a little lock of
his hair? We have all been taking les
sons In making hair flowers. So many
of the other girls asked him and he sent
It to them that I thought I would
rather ask you to get It for me. Won't
you please do this for me? It Is so hard
to get white hair for Ulles of the val
ley."
An aged clergyman with silvery hai*
was the recipient of several shnultan*
ous requests from young ladles for a
lock of his hair. . ,-"
HIS SILVERY LOCKS.
Pare and core tart apples and cut
them in slices about one-third of an
inch thick, leaving the round opening
in the center. Dip the slices in frit
ter batter made of one pint of milk,
three eggs, a little salt and a pint of
flour. A teaspoonful of baking pow
der is sometimes mixed with the
flour. Beat the eggs well, adding first
part of the milk and salt, then the
flour and the rest of the milk, alter
nately. Beat the batter together
quickly and add the apples imme
diately.
APPLE FRITTERS.
Extension of British Museum.
Fourteen large houses in Blooms
bury, London, have been demolished
for the British Museum extension. '
A check three feet long and nineteen
Inches wide was received at the West
Branch National Bank, Willlamsport,
Pa., the other day. It was for only
J10 and was from J. W. Manchester of
Bristol, R. I., In favor of his daughter,
Annie \V. Manchester, who is visiting
friends there. The check, while valid
and regularly accepted and paid by the*
bank, was a practical joke played on
Miss Manchester by her father. Sha
had written to him asking that he send
her a "big check."
M. P. Chauchard, the well-known
French motorist, announces that he
has succeeded in adapting the tor
pedo tube, to motor-boats. AVith the
great speed and small size, the vessel
is expected to render great service in
scouting. 1
Motor Torpedo-Boat.
SHE GOT THE CHECK.
This rule for marmalade is more
simple than the usual method: Grate
the thin yellow rind from one and
one-half oranges, then add the juice
of six oranges and cut the pulp into
small pieces, discarding the fiber and
seeds. Cover with three quarts of
cold water and let stand twenty-four
hours. Then add three pounds of
sugar and simmer slowly until reduced
one-half, which will make enough
marmalade to fill six tumblers.
ORANGE MARMALADE.
At the instant Queen Elizabeth of
England alighted at Kenilworth, on a
visit to Leicester, all the clocks in the
castle were stopped, and by a delicate
attention the hands continued to point
toward the moment of her arrival,
since no one was to take note of time
during the royal sojourn there.
A Refined Compliment.
Oh. believers,
Dis yer wort* is strange!
Ain't gwine on'erstan' it
'Twel we make de glory change!
— Atlanta Constitution.
Funny way de worl' go;
Wen it's heaven ter win.
Rich man squeeze thoo' de needle ey»—
Po' man walk right in!
Oh. believers.
Dis yer worl' is strange;
Won't know not tin' 'bout It
'Twel we make de glory cnangsi
Funny way de worl* go
Underneath de sun.
Po' man got sixteen chillun.
Rich man ain't sot none!
Beat the yolks of three eggs and
stir in one-quarter pound of powdered
sugar. Beat the whites of three eggs
stiff and add also one-half cud of
flour, measured after sifting, and then
sifted three times more.. Fill the sec
tions of a lady finger pan and bake in
a moderate oven fifteen minutes.
LADY FINGERS.
She has been married six years and
it is an open secret that she is an ex
ceptionally happy wife and her hus
band a thoroughly contented man.
For this reason it was meet that
every woman in the little circle should
listen with close attention when she
opened her mouth and spoke on the
subject of domestic felicity:
"What do I regard as essentials on
the wife's part tb happy married life?
Well, first, I think I should say Inde-:
pendence.' No woman can hold a
man's love by groveling. ... ;
"Second, sympathy. Have sympathy,
for him In all things and let him know
that you' have his welfare at heart;
that in you he has his stanchest friend
and most faithful counselor.
"Third, common sense. Men have
no patience with a silly, giggling,
senseless woman. If you let him see
that you have brains he will soon rec
ognize that fact, and.it will make him
think of you as actually an equal, quite
worthy of his confidence. In theory
the twentieth century man has to re
gard his wife as an equal, of course;
but in his secret heart he often re
tains the feeling that she Isn't. Noth
ing, but brains on the woman's part
will bring that theory Into every-day
practice and make them comrades.
"A wife who has trained herself in
those three requirements will find that
the smaller things in married life will
shape themselves accordingly. Gain
ycur husband's admiration. Independ
ence, sympathy and brains will do it.
Then if your natures are at all con
genial, you will be happy.
"One thing," she added, with a lit
tle smile, "don't make your husband
think that he and his likes and dis
likes are of more Importance than
yours, for they are not." — Philadelphia
Bulletin.
USE OF BLACK AND WHITE
Black and white is always popular
and it is seldom that the combination
is missing in an exhibition of hand
some gowns. One of these is of black,
velvet, with a petticoat front of white
chiffon and Irish lace. The bodice is
charming, cut out a little below the
throat at the back and only a little lower
in the front— a charming style for the
woman who can wear It. At the back
is the Dlrectoire train from the waist,
leaving exposed the broad petticoat
front of chiffon and lace. The train is
outlined with. morning glories embroid
ered in tones of lavender; the sleeves
are finished similarly.
A; WATERPROOF HAT.
An Inventive .Austrian has designed
a waterproof hat for" women that; is a
wonder in its way. r He has prepared
celluloid in a special manner, permit
ting of its being woven into imitations
of the most delicate straw and modeled
Into, the most natural flowers. These
hats are being worn j to a . considerable
extent in "this city and are impervious
to the heaviest downpour of rain. -
KEEPING RIBBONS.
The fastidious girl secure* *: number
of 'wide pasteboard ribbon rolla.from
the . dry goods store and keeps her! neck
and belt ribbons smoothly', rolled over
them.- . .
Standard Time : for " India.
India is soon to receive, the benefits
of standard time, and It Is' proposed to
adopt in , that country, . for the .use -of
the railways and telegraph lines," a
tl me I standard ' exactly five and a half
hours • earlier than, that of Greenwich",
says" Harper's . Weekly. Burmah,
which .lies still [farther;, to the"... -east,
will have for the same purpose' a stan
dard of six. and a. half hours earlier,
than Greenwich. ; ; The proposition . , Is
also being considered by , the \ Govern
ment of -India to .use "standard time
generally. :, ; •.,,.>- ¦;. .'.
FUNNY WAYS.
"The latest novelty," said the jeweler,
"is a ring of unique design much in de
mand among young swains as a gift to
susceptible girls. It is a flat band, the
surface being embossed in the form
of a bar of music. There are the notes
d, e and a, and then comes a rest.
You see this makes the word "dear
est." Some of them are set with jewels
and are very expensive, while others
are simply the gold bands. The latter,
of course, have the greatest sale, but
there is also quite a demand for the
higher priced ones." — Philadelphia Rec
ord. " .
NEW FAD IN RINGS.
SPARK OF INDEPENDENCE
MAKES YOU BETTER WIFE
RUFFLED FRONT.
Caps are certainly coming into fash
ion both for outdoor and indoor wear.
By "caps" is meant what used to be
called by our grandmothers fronts,
when in the form of ruches and ruffles
they filled in the wide brim of a coal
scuttle bonnet or nestled demurely be
neath a mushroom hat. The brim of a
straw hat now looks far too hard as
the framework of a face if it is not
softened with a babyish looking ruffle
of lawn or lace, or with a lace scarf
arranged as a flounce. Girls are wear
ing sun bonnets made of old fashioned
Hire and pink print, or of pure white
lawn.
An. Automatic: Salt Train.
Germany possesses a miniature but
> most useful railway to which no par
allel is found in this country, says the
; New York Tribune. Its peculiarity is
that its trains have no drivers. It Is
! used for carrying salt from the salt
mines at Statsfurt. The trains con
sist of thirty trucks, each carrying half
a ton of salt. The engines are electric,
; of 24-horsepower each. As it . ap
', proaches a station, of which there are
five along the line, the train* automati
cally rings a bell and the station at
tendant turns a switch to receive it.
He is able to stop it at any moment.
To start it again he stands on the lo
comotive, switches the current and
then 'descends again before the engine
has gained speed.
AGE LIMIT ON WORKMEN.
IN the course of his campaign Mr. Livernash is making an appeal
to class prejudice and pays the intelligence of his hearers a poor
compliment. He professes ike ability to have *'sane checks in
terposed by the Government" upon the rights of employers and em
ployes in respect to the imposition of an age limit for a' certain class
of skilled artisans.
: \\ nen a Congressional committee investigated the great strike
at Homestead, Pennsylvania, in 1892, one of the Democratic mem
bers on his return to the House expressed to that body his surprise
at finding that the strike was started by artisans who were receiving
a wage of from $15 to S20 a day, and who rode to their work in
their own carriages. The fact is that the class of skilled artisans in
the steel and iron business, upon whom the employers fix an age
limit of forty years, are the highest paid workmen in the world. It
is also the fact that their work is not of the kind that causes physical
exhaustion or decay. It is a matter of skilled and expert judgment,
the training of the eye to detect by its external appearance the con
dition of the metal which fits it for each process to which it is to be
* Mr. Livernash says that the age limit means that men are to be
"run to the breaking point and then sent to the scrap heap." It
means no such thing. It means that highly paid artisans, who get
more salary than a member of Congress, shall seek other avenues of
activity and for the use of the competence which they acquire, if
they have thrift, and make room for others, to enjoy the same op
portunity and get capital for the varied profitable uses to which it
may be put.
The idea of the eight-hour day is to give employment to more
men. If the labor unions are right in dictating the beginning and
the end of a day's work, who shall say that the employers are wrong
in applying exactly the same principle, in order to make room for
more men and new men in the departments that pay the highest
wages in the world ? The young men who have qualified themselves
for that work and who are denied it, while employes grown rich ride
to and from a steel or iron mill in their own carriages, will not sym
pathize with Mr. Livernash's views. But, aside from this explanatory
statement, suppose we grant Mr. Livernash's declaration that an
age limit so imposed upon that highly paid labor will cause our
children to "inherit from our generation conditions of terrible grav
ity," how is he going to correct it by an act of Congress?
There are all around us certain social conditions open to criti
cism, but they originate in the voluntary constitution of society, and
not in civil government, nor are they subject to governmental con
trol. His pretense that he can get a law of Congress that will keep
a class of highly paid artisans in employment to an indefinite age
is a pretense and no more. It would be legislation to keep out of
that class of employment others qualified to earn its large emolu
ments. It would be a limitation of their rights. It is known that
ilie age limit fixed by employers for this highly paid labor is fixed by
experience. It is put at the age at which the artisans themselves
choose to retire and use their accumulated capital for profit in other
lines of life. We do not recall any complaint from the artisans who
are affected by the limitation, while the men who stand waiting for
the places they vacate, the men who would be denied the employ
ment by Mr. Livernash's impossible law, have only satisfaction to
express.
The Government itself fixes age limits. There is a limitation
of age put by law to every branch of the public civil service. There
is also an age limit in the officiary of the army and navy, which* does
exactly what is done by the similar limit upon highly paid artisans,
by furnishing promotion clear down the line. Why does not Mr.
Livernash inveigh against these age limitations imposed by the Gov
ernment itself.
The answer is obvious. He would not get any benefit politically
by such an appeal. He represents a class and appeals to a class, in a
matter which he thinks it does not understand well enough to en
danger exposure of the motive.
Another thing is noticeable in his treatment of the subject. He
speaks always of the employers, the men of enterprise, who organize
the great wage-paying industries of the country, as the enemies of
labor and the destroyers of the human race. They are represented
as heedless of the national welfare, desirous of destroying national
growth and prosperity, monsters to be curbed while they are permit
ted to operate, and to be eliminated as soon as he can secure laws
to do it!
The fact is that these men whose destruction he contemplates
with savage pleasure nearly all came up through all the grades of
labor. He instances Andrew Carnegie as one of these offenders.
Whatever may be said of Carnegie it need not be forgotten that he
started in this country as a poor, uneducated Scotch boy, with a
widowed mother to support, and beginning in the lowliest employ
ment, by pursuit of a high ideal made his way. IJc secured wealth,
but what man in all history has given of it more liberally for the
benefit of all men? In his youth poverty denied to him schoolsand
books, and he made a vow that if fortune came to him he would
use it In putting books within reach of those like himself. So he has
given more than $100,000,000 to libraries and to learning. His pos
session of a great fortune may be criticized, but nothing should rob
him of the credit of the use to which it is put.
The limitation of fortunes, and revolutionary interference by ar
bitrary law with the social concerns of men. may make a campaign
argument that appeals to some men, but the candidate who promises
these things must know that he promises the impossible, and is in
flaming class hatred for his own purposes./
THE CONDITION OF ITALY.
GOOD ATTTHORITT.
Knicker— I heard you are going to
move. '.\' ¦',:.'•'.
Bocker — Who told you that?
Knicker— Your landlord.
THE Italian Government stands in fear of a revolution, led by
anarchists and extremists. Attempts to tamper with the army
have been discovered, and labor strikes have been provoked for
the purpose of cloaking the far deeper designs of the reactionaries.
The Government has taken extraordinary precautions, and so far has
succeeded in holding local insurrections in check. Still, it is ap
parent that if the several centers of disorder could be put under com
mand of a leader with the boldness to risk it the disturbance would
develop into an attempt to subvert the national Government.
The Parliament, assembled in extraordinary session, has received
the programme of the Ministry. This includes the enlargement of
educational facilities and reforms in taxation. The system of tax
ation in Italy is the most varied and vicious in the world, not ex
cepting that of Turkey. Different methods prevail in the extremes of
the kingdom, but all are grossly oppressive and unequal. Among
other inexcusable inequalities it is the law in some parts of Italy to
tax a team that pulls a plow or a farm cart, while exempting a team
that draws a carriage! In like manner the property and processes of
industrial utility are burdened by high taxes, while the property and
processes of luxury and leisure are in whole or in great part exempt.
What Italy needs is a utilitarian statesman, free from the in
fluence of wealth and class, with a profound economic training, to
revise 1 taxation by sweeping away entirely the existing system and
substituting for it the methods of modern states. It is surprising
that the burdens imposed in feudal times in many cases remain un
changed. The various public exactions imposed in the.Grand Duchies
have been undisturbed,. thought the rule of the Grand Dukes ; s long
bygone. Italian statesmanship was long occupied with the unifica
tion of the kingdom, arid since ;that was. effected has been" engaged
with securing uniformity of jurisprudence, and has "been too much
diverted- to ill-starred military adventures in Ethiopia. Now the time
has come to exercise the greatest function of government, lightening
and equalizing the burden of taxation. If Italy do; this well, it may
HIS, AD VICE.
Wickham (sickly)— I'm all run down.
Jickam (an automobilist)— Why-dontt
you get * an '¦" automobile r and ' run"; the
other fellows down? , ¦
Miss Stella Peck is with her father.
Miss Marie Wells was the cynosure
of all eyes at the Sequoia Club on
Tuesday evening. A vision in red,
cap-a-pie, she was indeed a picture.
Miss Adah Howell and Charles Wil
liams were married yesterday In Mis
sissippi, where the bride's father. Cap
tain Howell, is stationed. Miss Howell
was a great favorite here in society
and army circles. When Captain
Howell was transferred to an Eastern
station, taking his family with him,
there was much disappointment in
Miss Adah's realm of admirers. Then
came the news of her engagement to
Mr. Williams, who is reputed to be
elegible and wealthy, and now. the
wedding bells have rung for them.
Across the continent have sped the
sincerest congratulations to this young
couple whose happiness Is an upper
most wish in the thoughts of many
San Franciscans.
Arthur B. Watson, who has been suf
fering severely from an operation oc
casioned by serious ear trouble, is rap
idly improving and was moved yester
day from the Railroad Hospital to the
home of his brother, Douglas Watson.
Last night at 8 o'clock, in St. Mary's
Cathedral, Miss RomJlda Sbarboro.
daughter of Andrea Sbarboro. president
of the Italian-American Bank, was
united in marriage to Guido Musto.
Father Ramm performed the ceremony,
after' which a reception was held at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Sbarboro on
Washington street. In the bridal party
were Mrs. Henry Sartori, who was
matron of honor. Miss Bessie Bates
serving as maid erf honor, and the
bridesmaids were: Miss Leonora Musto.
Miss Elizabeth Dufflcy of San Rafael,
Miss Marion Godfrey and Miss Mar
gherita de Vecchl. The groom ,was
served by Romolo Sbarboro as best
man. the ushers being William Wilson,
Dr. A. Gianinni, George Panario, Reno
Sbarboro. The decorations, beautiful
and unusual in character, were brought
from the Asti vineyards of the Italian-
Swiss colony, the location of the Sbar
tfbro's Pompeiian villa, their magnifi
cent country home. Olive branches,
grape vines and bamboo, draped and
entwined all about the dining hall,
gave almost an outdoor appearance,
and the suggesting whiff of country air
was a refreshing comparison to the
heavy perfume of exotics.
At the wedding supper each guest
was the recipient of a souvenir artis
tically original, bearing a faithfully
portrayed likeness of the bride in her
wedding gown.
Mr. and Mrs. Musto, after a wedding
journey, will live in a pretty home at
2312 Van Ness avenue.
Judge and Mrs. Erskine M. Ross of
Los Angeles have secured their regular
apartments at the Palace for the win
ter.
Mr. and Mrs. James Snook hava
taken apartments at the St- Francis
for the winter, having leased their
Broadway home.
Carey Van Fleet has returned from
New York.
* • •
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Hill are ex
pected home very soon from their Eu
ropean trip.
Mrs. Klrkham Wright, with' her two
daughters, Miss Marlon and Miss Jen
nie, has gone to St. Louis. Mr. Wright
will meet the party In New York short
ly and all will leave for Europe some
time In December.
• • •
The Sequoia Club "at home" oa
Tuesday evening enticed many hand
some gowns, which could not escape
the comment of beauty lovers. Mrs.
Thomas Morffew presented a striking
appearance in black chiffon and Irish,
point lace, the creation befitting her
wonderfully.
Mr. and. Mrs. Simon Baruch an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter, Carolyn, to Dr. Albert Cohen.
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham will give
her first costume recital of "Macbeth'*
at Lyric Hall on Tuesday evening.
October 25. repeating the reading on
Saturday afternoon. October 29. This
Is the debut, as a professional reader, of
Mrs. Buckingham, who is the founder
of the Papyrus Club and well known
among club women. These two af
fairs, which have the patronage of
many society and club women, will be
among the prominent events of. the
season.
Claude Terry Hamilton will live at
the Cosmos Club this winter. He has
Just returned from an outing at Sau
salito.
• * -* • •
Lieutenant Albert Woodruff, son of
General and Mrs. C. A. Woodruff, was
n-arrled to Miss Daisy Hubbell In Pen
sacola. Fla.. last week. Lieutenant
Woodruff Is well known here and
served in the Philippines for a term.
Bis bride Is . the daughter of Major
Hubbell.
Philip Peck, at the. California Hotel.
Philip Peck Is a well-known banker
and coffee planter at Hilo. H. T..
where his plantations are extensive.
Miss Peck, who Is a San Franciscan,
will be the guest of Mrs. Henry Hy-
BY SALLY SHflRP-
The Fortune Teller: "Von Are Contemtlating a\Trip to Washington, judge ; You Won't Take It."
SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!
THE SMART SET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALjL
JOHN D. SPKKCKi:LS . Proprietor
AOttRESs ai *• comah:>."icatioxs to
JOHX MrXAl'GHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD >. NO MARKET BTRRCT3. MN KRAXCISCO
THURSDAY OCTOBER 20. 1904
TFIE SAN- FRANCISCO GALTJ; THURSDAY: • OCTOBER 20; 1904
8
COPYRIGHT. 10W. BY SPECIAL, ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.Will Not Be Prosecuted.
The Jury impaneled in Judge Cook's
court on September 29 to try .the case
of Edward O'Brien, charged with rob
bery, was discharged by the Judge
yesterday and the case placed on the
reserve calendar. O'Brien will not be
prosecuted, a; he will be used as a
witness against Alfred Smith should
Smith's case ever come to trial.
Smith's bonds were declared forfeited
by the Judge on Tuesday and a bench
warrant was Issued for his arrest.
Smith and O'Brien and George Red-,
mond, who pleaded guilty on Tuesday,
held up Albert Ringe in his father's
grocery at ,2862 Mission street on
March 11 and took $ 8 from him. '
To Give Class Dance.
The graduating class of the Com
mercial High School will (five a dance
on Friday night at Cotillon Hall. 1310
Polk street. The committee of ar
rangements consists of George War-'
rPru chairman; Stanley Piltz. Paul
H»mmond, Bert Crowley and Louis
Zimmerman.
fiREEN WILL, FILED.— The wilt of William
Green, who died September 16. was filed for
probate yesterday by Marks Green. The estate,
consisting of - personal property valued, at
more than ?10,0C0, is atl left to the widow,
Dora Green. 82 years of ate.
Mary Connolly of 30 Page street re
lieved the monotony of her humdrum
exislence yesterday by becoming much
more intoxicated thau usual. Th«;
neighbor's would have allowed her to
proef-ed alorjr on her journey until she
came to snakeland had she not <Ms
coverc-d how amusing it was to use her
two-year-old baby for a football.
After the Infant had been voicing
its strenuous objections to the un
usual treaiment for an hour, a m<"-s
p&ge requesting assistance was sent to
Secretary] White of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. Of
ficer Yuung was dispatched to th«*
scene of excitement and took the
woman to jsil. "/; •
Mrs. Connolly will explain her con
duct to a Police Judge and her chUd
will be placed in a charitable institu
tion. Secretary' White says the wom
an is an old offender.
the Unique Athletic Sport of
31 rs. Mary Connolly.
Charitable Society Interferes With
The crippled boy was removed to
Wakelee'p drug store, where Dr. F. S. I
Emmal examined him and saw at a
glance that there was no hope of sav
ing the limb.- The ambulance of the
Emergency Hospital was summoned
and Chief Surgeon John I. Stephen ac- •
ccrnpanied the lad to the hospital.!
where he amputated the limb, assisted
b;' Drs. Carl Wilson and F. S. Emmal.
The car at this moment started and '
before it could be stopped the front [
wheel passed over the leg between the I
knee and ankle. j
Julius Gunzeiman, the "10-year-old |
son of Henry Gunzeiman, residing at
2359 Lombard street, had the bone of
his left leg so badly crushed by a cable |
car yesterday afternoon at the cross
ing of Sutter and Polk streets that the
limb had to be amputated at the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital.
The boy, with his sister, Gretchen,
age 12 years, was returning from St. •
Boniface School when the accident oc- j
currpd. The children were standing '
on the front of the dummy. <
When the car arrived at the June- [
tion of Polk and Sutter streets Julius j
saw a vacant seat on the side of the j
dummy and in his desire to get there |
stepped off and was going in the di- j
rection of the coveted seat when he
slipi e<: and fell. \ - ;. i
Limb at Emergency Hospital.
Julius Gunzeiman, Crushed Under a j
Dummy, Undergoes Amputation of \
TWO-YEAR-OLD CTirLD
IS USED FOR FOOTBALL
BOY LOSES LEG AFTER
STREET CAR ACCIDENT'
The Humane Society was notified
and two officers were dispatched to the
scene. After two hours' work they
had garnered four kittens and innu
merable scratches. The older cats re
fused to be caught or scared away.
The ..restaurant keeper had kept the
animals in the basement to dispose of
such ¦ pieces .of food as could not be
made into hash, sausage or tamalea.
It saved scavenger bills.
When a policeman elbowed his way
through a crowd in front of 1007
Market street yesterday afternoon, he
beheld a remarkable collection of cats
in the premises formerly occupied by
the San Francisco restaurant. The
spectators were wondering what sort
of an advertisement it was, as there
v;as nothing on exhibition but speci
imens of the feline tribe. There were
I cats of every color and hue, cats for
whom the sun of life was just rising
and cats around whose hoary whisk
ers the cobwebs of many years were
hanging. Each cat had a different
note In the graduated feline vocal
scale and the composite melody af
forded entertainment for the immense
! audience.
Restaurant Keeper Forgets to Take
His Scavengers When He
Gives Up Business.
Th<? baraar at St. Brigid's Church
\va<= the scene of great activity yester
day afternoon and evening. Among
the big purchases at St. Francis booth
were two handsome vases. They were
bouzht by a parishioner, who later of
fered them to Father Cottle, rector of
t-'t. Bri&id's Church. Father Cottle
will f.lac-<» the vases upon the new
aitax. which has just arrived from
Ci-ersoa. St. Francis booth is justly
proud of the sale.
There was an "at home" at the St.
Francis booth last night. Those who
received were Mrs. J. J. Quinn. Mrs.
Frank Duffleld. Mrs. G. W. Duffleld
and Mrs. A. Hornsman, assisted by
Miss Anita Hornsman, Miss Alice Duf
lield. Mrs. Edward Duffleid and
Mifs Eliza Dolan. Miss Marie Kenny's
recitals delighted a large audience as
The programme arranged is In the
nature of soiree musicale, at which the
alumni chorus and the St. Vincent Or
phan Asylum band will render special
The levee will also be the occasion I
for a reunion of the graduates. Miss j
Mary Convey and Bernard Power will i
preside at this function. j
The alumni booth will hold a levee
this evening- The Alumni Association
is composed of the graduates of St. I
Etrigid's Grammar and High schools,
and numbers 64 young men and about
75 young ladles.
Those living within the limits of the
parish have charge of the booth and,
as might be expected, it Is the center j
cf much activity. !
did Miss Pearl DufHeld's piano solos.
Miss Elizabeth Dolan played a violin
solo and was heartily encored.
COLLECTION OP CATS
IXTEKKSTS BIG CROWD
Parishioner Offers HaQdsome
Vases for St. Brigid's Altar.
EMART-SET MAID WHO WILL AS
SIST AT OLD ST. MARY'S
BENEFIT.
PLEADS GUILTY TO BURGLARY. — Thomas
Williams, a colored man, pleaded guilty *4n
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday to two charges
of burjtlary. He will be sentenced to-morrow,
lie was accused of breaking into Southern Pa
cific dining-cars on August 3 and 5 and steal
ing silverware and other articles. He had
be-vn employed on a dining-car, but had been
discharged.
\ T. M. Solomon, a banker and cof
fee grower of Guatemala, and. his
family arrived here yesterday from
Managua, Nicaragua, on their way to
the St. Louis Exposition and are stay
ing at the St. Francis.
Clarence FolIIs, the well known
young capitalist and social favorite, is
preparing for an extended tour of Eu
rope. He will embark about the end
of this month. He expects to be ab
sent about eighteen months.
Fred H. Buck has returned from
the north, where he has been con
cerned in the big deal involving a
transfer of control of the Booth-Kelly,
Lumber. : Company, which has been
purchased by Arthur Hill of Michigan
and others. V
Two notable foreigners are expected
to arrive in ". this city - in , a few days.
One is Sir. Juhn Murray:of ; ,Edinburgh.
who Yanks , among, 'the most - distin
guished scientists In the* world, espe
cially in the .study of oceanography.
For twenty-five years he has edited
and directed the publications which
were « responsible " for. • the famous
Challenger expedition. He was knight
ed by Queen Victoria and the Emper
or, of Germany for; his ' 'scientific
achievements^ The other will
be" Dr. Edward Seler. a ¦ distinguished
scholar of Germany and" lecturer? on
American archaeology in the Univer
sity .of Berlin.. He is also" local direc
tor of the American department In the
Royal Ethnographical' Museum: of the
German metropolis. '. Both \ scientists
have been visiting Mexico.
Mr. L. Marks of Marks Bros, has
returned from the East after an ex
tended business trip.
M. Morrell Berg of Guatemala ar
rived from the south yesterday and is
registered at the St. Francis.
C. H. Markham of the Southern Pa
cific Company, who has been confer
ring with Harriman officials in Chi
cago, returned yesterday.
A. Kopp of Strassburgr and Dr.
Schatz, Frederick Wagner and Albert
Wagner of Saxony, who have been
touring this country, are registered at
the Occidental.
The management of the St. Francis
¦was advised yesterday of the coming
of Secretary Tcholokafa of the Belgian
legation at Washington. He 4s due
here to-day. r ;;.•¦;
Anthony TImke, who has spent the
last six years in Manila, where he has
large shipping and commercial inter
ests, Is visiting friends in this city,
and will rass several weeks here.
Mr. Charles Keilus of "The Hub"
left for the East this morning, ac
companied by his son. Mr. Henry M.
Keilus, who will remain East to take
up the higher branches of tailoring.
Judge H. G. Bond of Santa Clara,
accompanied by his wife, arrived from
the East last evening. They are stay
ing at the Palace. Mrs. Bond is sick
and was brought back to the coast in
a weak condition.
Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Luther of Bos
ton are among the latest arrivals at
the St. Francis.
L. L. Patrick, who is interested in
mining In Goldfields, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
Attorney J. M. Rothchilds and . his
wife have just returned from a trip
to Mexico.
•Charles Monroe, a> prominent lawyer
of Los Angeles, is staying at the St.
Francis.
Theodore L. Lyons, a jewelry man
ufacturer of New York, is* at the
Grand.
John Markley of Geyserville Is at the
Lick.
Dr. R. F. Rooney of Auburn is at the
Palace.
Frank Cressey, a banker of Modesto,
is at the Lick.
Rev. D. V. Alexander of San An
selmo is at thcLick.
Captain and Mrs. P. Kerns of St.
Louis are at the Palace.
F. O. Hlhn, son of F s . A. Hihn of
Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Muller of Japan are
registered at the St. Francis.
John L. Bryson, a mining man of
Maybert, is registered at the Lick.
G. E. Bettinger, a well known resi
dent of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
W. von Hofstahner-Hocksteden of
Vienna arrived from New York last
evening and is registered at the Palace.
Richard Tobin, Mrs. Admiral Whiting,
Miss Gibbon, Miss Georgiana, Mrs.
Maurice Casey, Mrs. Joseph Young,
Miss Estelle Young, Mrvu Admiral
Kirkland, Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobin,
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mrs. Frank J.
Sullivan, Mrs. Walter Dean, Miss Ada
Sullivan, Mrs. A. H. Payson, Mrs.
Jack Parrott, Miss Alice Hager, Mfsa
Keenan, Mrs. John R. Chadwick. The
tickets, which are 50 cents, will L-e on
sale at Sherman & Clay's on October
22, 24, 25, 26 and 27.
Society will again interest itself en
ergetically toward the success of a
vaudeville entertainment which will
be given in the Alhambra Theater on
the evening of October 27.
Old St. Mary's Church, so long a
landmark at California and Dupont
streets, will be the beneficiary. The
able character of the programme is
assured by being under the guidance
•of Luke C'onness of the Alcazar Thea
ter. A descendant of the early history
of old St. Mary s will on this occasion
fce master of ceremonies. He is Frank
Sullivan, whose father, John Sullivan,
deeded the property on which the
«:hurcli stands. Earnestly supporting
and patronizing the affair are these
veil-known people, whose influence
iruarantees a successful outcome: Mrs.
Andrew Welch. Mrs. Eugene Lent,
.Mrs. M. H. de Young; Misses de Youns,
Mrs. John J. Deane. Miss Mary Dearie,
Mi&s Dillon, Miss Phelan, Mrs. Ella
Murray, Mrs. Charles W. Clark, Mrs.
PERSONAL.
A razor passed Into the cell of Frank
Thompson, a negro prisoner at the
City Jail, has prevented his being Iden
tified by his captors. Thompson was
arrested on the 12th of this month by
Policemen Hinrlchs and Smith on a
charge of grand larceny. At the. time
the negro had a heavy black mus
tache. When he appeared in Judge
Cabaniss" court yesterday he was mi
nus the facial adornment and the po
licemen could not identify him.
Investigation showed that Sergeant
Bidwell, In charge at the jail, had per
mitted a trusty, known as "Nigger"
Jackson, to use a razor on Tuesday
night. When trusties are loaned ra
zors they are supposed to return them
immediately after using. Jackson re
tained the instrument all Tuesday
night. It is believed by the police that
Jackson smuggled the razor Into
Thompson's cell.
Chief Wlttman scored Sergeant Bid
well for permitting what lie terms "a
lax system." The police are baffled as
to how they can convict Thompson.
Chief Wittman is in a quandary as to
how he can hold the prisoner until his
mustache grows again.
Trusty Jackson has been charged
with similar offenses before. A few
months ago he was accused of smug
gling a note from a prisoner to his
friends outside the jail. Through this
information the crook's "pals" were
able to secure and dispose of $3000
worth of stolen goods.
A suit for perpetual Injunction to
prevent boycotting was begun in the
Superior Court yesterday by, the Cres
cent Feather Company against the
United Upholsterers' Union, Local No.
28 and its officers. Bush Finnell Is at
tcrney for the complainant. The com
plaint sets forth that the company la
engaged in making mattresses, up
holstered goods, etc., at 405 Jackson
street and employs seventy-five work
men. . On October 6 a walking dele
gate, representing the union, "called
upon the manager of the company and
Informed him that six of his employes
were members of the union and the
others were not, and that the six would
be called on a strike unless the non
union men were discharged.
The manager notified the delegate
that the company declined to comply
with the demand. The union men were
ordered out, says the - complaint and
all of .them said they were anxious
to remain at work, but were afraid of
violence from members of the union.
The complaint declares that In pur
suance of a conspiracy the union
placed pickets- to Intercept and Intimi
date . the non-union employes and
threatened them with bodily harm.
The union also sent notices, to the
plaintiff's customers, asking them to
withdraw their patronage until condi
tions demanded, were re-established
and a poster was prepared, notifying
the public not to buy mattresses from
the company. The complaint declares
that damages in the sum of $1000
have been suffered and further dam
age will be irreparable unless the In
junction prayed for is granted.
Addresses of welcome will be made
by Governor Pardee and Mayor
Schmitz on behalf of the State and city,
and an able speaker is to be selected
to deliver a speech in behalf of the
commercial organizations of San Fran
cisco. The toasts of the evening will
be as follows:
"The President of the United States," Hon.
F. S. Strattcn, Collector of Customs, port of
San Franciscoj "Th« • President of the Repub
lic of Mexico,*' Senor Manuel de Aiparioj,
Mexican Embassador to Washington; "Our Cor
dial Relations with the Republic of Mexico,"
Senator Oeorxe C. P«rkia> -*nd Senor Roberto
Nunez, Under Secretary of .Treasury, Mexico;
"The Arm}" — Major General MacArthur, U.'
S. A.; General Luis Torres. Commander First
Military Zone. Mexico; "The Navy," Admiral
McCalla, U. S. N. v
The officials at Washington therefore
have been eager to show the visitors
every possible courtesy during their
stay In Ran Francisco, and to that end
the local military and naval authori
ties have been requested to exert every
energy in carrying out the wishes of
President Roosevelt. Hence the Inter
est being shown by the local -Federal
officials in the plans for the entertain
ment of the guests. . .
When Vice President Corral and his
frinnds arrive here they will be for
mally received by a detachment of
United States marines at the Oakland
mole and escorted across the bay'- on
the tug Slocum. On arriving at the
ferry four companies of coast artillery
and a band will escort the party to the
3t. Francis Hotel, and during his stay
here Senor Ramon Corral will be con
stantly attended by Lieutenant Han
nigan of the Thirteenth United States
Infantry, who has been detailed by
Major General MacArthur as special
aid to Mexico's Vice President.
Yesterday the executive committee
of citizen^, in charge of the banquet to
be given at the. Palace Hotel'Saturday
evening, all but completed arrange
ments for that function, which gives
promise of being a brilliant affair.
Circumstances prevented" President
Francis and the directors of the expo
sition from giving the Mexicans the at
tention they deserved, and in some un
explained manner the plans of the
Federal Government for entertaining
the nation's guests were not properly
carried out.
When Vice President Corral of
Mexico and his party arrive here
to-morrow they will be accorded
an American welcome , that will be
typically Callfornian. ; The friendly re
lations existing between this country
and Mexico caused it to be generally
expected that Vice President Corral
and his party would be extended every
courtesy due their rank when they ar
rived at the St. Louis Exposition last
week, but unfortunately such was not
the case. . -
Charges Are Made That
Customers Were. Unfairly
x Influenced by Notices
Prominent Men Chosen to
Honor Distinguished Dip
lomats From" the South
Frank Thompson, Aided by a
Trusty, Secures a Shave
and Foils Identification
ALLEGES
BIDWELL.IS CENSURED
PLANNING FOE BANQUET
CONSPIRACY
Prisoner in City Jail Ap
pears in Court Divested
of His Black Mustache
Crescent Feather Company
Asks Court to Eestrain
Boycott and Intimidation
Federa 1 Authorities Are to
Extend t Every Courtesy
to Officials From Mexico
Members of Social .World at Helm
Benefit for Old St. Mary's
RAZOR PISSED
INTO HIS CELL
SUES TO ENJOIN
UPHOLSTERERS
SOLDIERS WILL
ESCORT CORRAL
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL^gTHURSDAY^ OCTOBER > 20; 1904;
9
On every purchase of $1.00 or over there will be
"Something: Doing"
To the number of 1 5
ti>rR££f
Wool Wristings . Bath Towels
m 1% a yard — New. fall Waist- I A 0 tsca — Thi3 ls a cb& ne«
Kiln SB- &1I wocl and the I |**n purchase of one hundred
.III. most desirable colors. llols dozen heavy, large size
WVU They come in pretty dot- IUjU Turkish Bath Towels,
ted and • striped effects They are double thread-
and satin . striped patterns, with ed and pare white. These are the
tucks woven In tha cloth. same towels that always sell at
$2 50 a dozen.
Peau de Soie I Toilet* Specials
ftr A ni^*T2?, r d f U Rl?: fa ?S Nursing; Bottle and fitting* com-
II Kfl Black Feau de Soie, 2 4 nlete ICtt*
3011 J, nchea n wlde^ hM 7 ouncW LiVtVrin; . . . . '. '. ' . *. *. &5%
WV been selling for $1.35. ,., b chloride of Lime .... 10c
Pinaud's Imported Perfumes — All
Wool Eiderdowns !^?..??! ) . u ?ff..? d ?!!7!?.??f42c
A hH all-wool Eiderdown, a VlOU V eSl5
*T J U f u11 y l rd wlda * J. 1 la 5 A i m t% Tb« se Vests are knit-
T^ »sf W very heavy quality and D] fl IJ ted in a very dainty
suitable for bath robes. \ I fl, X Shell stitch and are
dressing Mcquea, etc. They come In U 1 1 T U bound all around with
pink, light blue. tan. white, black. worsted braid and
gray. red. etc have two row9 ot wn n e pearl bat-
/^mi.i. .m D:j«J..._. tons, giving a double-breaated ef-
Oerman JUaeraOWnS feet. The colors are red. white, black
aa T'.m yard— The prettiest as- and navy. They are worth 12.00.
I 1 1 ft sortment of German I \r\\n er SilTc<i
/Ilia Eiderdown we have ever »5"*»
mm W W shown. They come in a ft. a yard — Lining Silks In
stripes. all-over and I 11 ft colors and black that
scroll designs, besides the popular # *1 1 have exceptional merit.
Persian effect. The colors are fast fa Vv There is great demand
and the materials are already for these, and we give
shrunk. - ; : . < another opportunity to secure them.
1 ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 125O MARKET ST..&*
Grand Orchestral Concert will be given this after-
noon from 2 to 5 o'clock. A popular programme
will be rendered;
GRAPE-XUTS.__ j
' In a Hurry?
a Stir Some
;i Grape-Nuts
I In some
Milk or Cream
and a Delicious Meal is ready.
No cooking required.
Get the faxnens little book. "The Road
\ to Wellvllle." In each packaxe.
AMUSEMENTS.
— CALIFORNIA— v
AX»Zi TXZ8 VZIZ
HOTTS
A TEXAS STEER
Absolutely the Beat Cast Sine* ti«
Oriarlna] Producttoa.
WTLL, H. BRAT In his original role,
of the Darkey Politician. HARRT B.
EMERT as Brander. MAT L. STOCK-
TON aa "Bossy." Aad twenty others.
Including the famous
TEXAS STEER QUARTET.
NEJtT SUNDAY— Tb« popuUr Ger-
man Comedian* MASON and MASON.
aa the I*ur«l»r and the D«tecttv% In
Mark Swan's latest musical farce.
FRITZ AND SNITZ.
Exhilarating Vaudeville !
Tichow'i Cats; Slnoa and Faxii; Joseph-
lao Oa Witt; I,vwiM McCord aad Com-
paay. and Orpitum Motloa Pictures,
Saowtnr " JtoTxadiag 1 Up ta« TmsuB."
Z«*t time* of Kickey and JTelsoa: "A
arixHt la ?•ale*"; Murphy aad WQZard
and. JaHua ac. Taaatxu
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thars-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Pflces-s-lOc. 2&o and SOc.
H. W. BISHOP Lesaee and Manager
LAST WEEK OF
A JAPANESE NIGHTINGALE
Barzaln Matinee To-day— 23 Cents Everywhere.
Next Monday Night Oliver Uoroscs Offer*
Esmond's Clever Comedy.
WMEIM WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
First Time at 23c To 75c.
Extraordinary Cast: AMELIA GARDNER.
ELSIE ESMOND. HARRT MESTATER.
FRANK MACVICARS. OEORGE WOOD-
WARD and the Best of the Uajestic Company.
GRAND'SSSig
AN IMMENSE HIT
THIS WEEK AND XEXT r '
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AMERICA'S GREATEST PLAT.
ARIZONA
By Aarutus Thomas
ORIGINAL PRODUCTION
SPLENDID CAST
DETACHMENT OF CAVALRY.
POPULAR PRICES
Cnmlng — Jane Corcoran In Pretty Peggy.
Last Appearance of
tsb aruuK coxzDZAirs
An4 Last Times of
"DOWN THE LINE '
By HcVard Jacot.
I A Peerless Burlesque Admirably Sang tad
GORGEOUSLY MOUNTED.
Elgbteaa AetnaJ Novelties.
Nights..::..-..T.^r:r;. ac «oc is«
Saturday aad Sunday 3<atiaees........23e. SO*
Children at Matinees.. .......10a aad 23«
¦ ¦
Mlxa-CUn Spvclaltltt XTtry Aft«raooa
aad Erealar la ta* TheaUr .
TO-3TIGXT.
6AU AMATEUfl PERFORMANCE
..newITviInb' pictures. .
Take * Ride on the MINIATURE ELECTRIC
RAILROAD. •
BSTES BAST LIO53 CT TSZ BOO.
ADMISSION. ... ...10c f CHILDREN. ....... 3«
When Phenins . Ask for The Chutes.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
AMU^MENTS. ir
vUhUfVi^l A LEADL18 TH!A»2
CRITIC PROOF PRODUCTION.
AH ThU and Next "Week.
Nlfhtly. Including Sunday!. M*Une« Saturday.
The Immense Musical Comedy Bit.
SAN TOY
Pronounced : i
"Irresistible," by the Examiner. j
"Daintiest of musical pieces," by tba I
ChronlcU.
"A bunch of fun." by The Call. v
¦The kind of thing that goes," by. the Bul-
letin.
"A delightful performance." fcy the Post.
Watch for "GLITTERING GLORIA."
ALHAMBRA.
MATINEE TO-DAY
And again on Saturday and Sunday, at 2:30.
Nightly, up to and Including Sunday. ;
SOUS AS.
Eatelle Liebling, toprano: J#s«io Straiw, Yio-
llnlste; Herbert L. Oarke. cometlst.
Prices — Evenings. $1 60 to 60c Mati-
nees. $1 to SOc.
Note — Box offices at theater and Sherman.
Clay & CO.'a.
SECOND WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY
Invnecse Success of the Flnt Production
in English of the Famous Comic Opera
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
SAME PRICES -.23c. B«c. T5c
Watch for "THE MESSENGER BOY"* |
ALCAZAR *SnS*
General Manager.
"The Or«at«st Stock Company Srtr as
the Aleaxar.**
TO-OTGHT— MATS. SAT. AUD HTTH .
First San Francisco Production of Clyd«
Fitch's Daring and Realistic Play,
The Way of the World.
The Automobile Scene! The Society Musi-
cal*! The Christening! Election Night la
Madison Square! .
Kvgs. 25c to 75c; Mat*. Sat. and Sun.. 23c to SOc
NKXT MON. — H. V. Esmond's Best Cfcmedy,
— .... TBUB WILDEKjilfla ¦ ¦¦
As Played by Miller and Anglln.
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South S33
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
CHAMPION O7 THE WOSLD
JAMES J. JEFFRIES
Supported by the Central Theater Stock Com-
pany !n Frank Mayo** Frontier Play.
I "DAVY CROCKETT" 1
¦nmppa evkninos........ .xoc to Me
lltiulrU MATINEES 10c. 13c. 23c -«c
-¦; ,..": if SEB
Three rounds of boxing ; between JAMES J
JEFFRIES and JOE KENNEDY.
October 24— PAUL KAUVAR.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
THE BEN GREET PLAYERS.
MILLS COLLEGE. HEXT SATOHDAT, OCT. 22,
AFTERNOON AT 2:30. GRAND OPBN-AIR
PERFORMANCE.
"As You Like It"
* (Take 1 o'clock ' Broad Oanga to 23d ave.)
ETENINO,
"Merchantof .Venice 1 '
(Take 7 o'clock boat.)
Tickets. $1 50 to single p«rf ormanc- $2 SO
both.' at Sherman. C!ay * Ca"», Paul Elder's
and at the college. » ,
¦ '.- SUPPER SERVED AT COLLEOB.
basebAll,
OAKLAND vs. TAC0MA
at. RECREATION PARK. '
. Eighth and • HarrUon streets. ,
WEDNESDAY, THTRSDAT." FRlDAT, 8:18
, . - ¦- : - 'P. M. '.. :- ¦•
SATURDAT. 3 P.M.
STJNDAT, »:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY AND FRIDAT.
• Advance " sale of ? seats ; at 3 Stockton ¦ street.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
••Mr. Golden Gate,'*
said the speaker, "I
drink to you —^to'the'
coffee that holds first
place at the breakfast*
dinner and b a n q u e t
table." ;
NoJBlni iocs with GOLDEN GATE..
COFFEE bat ••tlafactlon. No
prtiea — bo coaposa — so crockery. '
;1 iaa 8 Ib. irond'Uikt llai.
Never sold Id bulk. '
J* AL Folger^ Co.
Ettkblith«cl half a Ceaturr
; : Sain i Francisco .'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perrin
Gloves
C It is not because
gloves are new that
they make a man's
hands look right; it's
because they arc cut
right, made right and
fit right.
C Men's Perrin gloves
fill all requirements.
Tbe nearest store has them ;
also your favorite dealer.
I . i
THIS BLUE SIGNATURE
Pvi 1^1^ j sV A ¦ 'lk fw RF^HSi I
R^3 ir^j^T^T^^M^^^^pHBBif^rtMtsJtrSI I
iBEWAREOf 'JUST AS COODs\
f^J Perfect Fittin* If. *
iO Eyeglasses 1$
/j /.t Morerate Cost
I Palace 6 ? N ' T FAILT0
1 U1UVV see the beautiful
j COURT Lounginj
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
UUU PaRLOR; the
-.f- PALM ROOM, th«
llfdllU LOUIS XV 3 PAR.
\J1 UllU LOR, and>the;I;A-
nlrlt£ DIES> writing
I HOtelS RQpM.y
IjmECTORY
\ OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
; Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
¦ on Application. v" :
.. y ¦ 7BSSB AJT3J SA1.T KBATS.
flC kllVtW'A- fll iShippinj Butcher*. 108
JAj. CUIC3 tt >U. Clay. Tel. Main 12M.
... LEAKY KOOPS AITO SXTUEOXTS.
All kinds repaired.. Globe Sheet Metal Work*
1170-1 ITS Mission St. Phone Main 5461.
. .-.;.^ :::.::.-. orLS.
L.UBRICATINO OILS: LEONARD * ELLI3.
,« 418 Front ul., 8.' V..; .Pboae Main lTl».* t *
:¦'.;¦¦¦ . : ¦' r < PBUITUTO. :. " ¦ 'y
E.:C;HBUGESr *..Rain Interferes With Coursing.
• CLEVELAND, j Ohio, Oct. .19. — ;The
automobile records, for ; 'fifty Kahd
twenty-five miles were broken ' to-day
at the Cleveland ' Driving Park during
a matinee race meet under -the. aus
pices of the Cleveland Automobile Club,
and sanctioned: by * the Americari 4? Au-'
tomoblle Association. \ Charles Gordt
ran ; his ; machine 'fifty miles in;; 55 : 4 2,
as ¦ against ,' . the . [; former mark -of
1:01:23 2-5, and Earl Klser sent "his
machine twejity-flve T miles in ,23:59,'
beating the previous record.'
New Automobile Records.
.ST. LOUIS. ;Oct.r 19.— The World's
Fair .'; Jury" to-day.; decided that- in. the
contest -for kites to rise to an altitude
of "at least 500 feet with , 800 feet of
line awards should* be. made 'as fol
lows: ., First prize, $500," J. B>Ward
well, Stamford, Connl ; second prize,
% 3 00, . J. i N. Fataut, :. St. ', Louis, Mo. ;
third J prize, $ 2 00, H. B. Bristol, Web-'
ster Grove, MoV ; The ¦ wiiTher of the
first prize is a boy of .16. . ' ,
Kite Flyers Are Rewarded.
SIXTH HACK — Six and a half furlongs;
Three-year-olds and up: x --
Hettlng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. '. St. K Fin
10 tol— Tender Crest. 99 (Rice). 4 1 2 1 •»
15 to 1— Ivernia. 102 ; (Cheatham). 3 4 K 2 V,
<$ to 1 — Miss Manners, 109 (Austn) 7 5 1 3 8 '
Time. 1:£2. . Start good. Won . easily. " Win
ner. ;H. Scott's b. f. (3) by Gold Crest-Tender
ness. Oudon 104. Whiskers 107." Eleanor How.
ard 100. Bab 107. Lasso .108. One More 105.
finished as I mini iMiTUBftfiMi'l ¦.-¦-.•¦
Yale Football Man Injured.
NEW. HAVEN. Conn:,;: Oct.. 16.—
Joseph.H. Twitphell. a .Yale Junior,
who was , hurt in ¦ yesterday's football
scrimmage. . was taken to the hospital
to-day, suffering ' from injuries to the
spine and head. -'"-'
OKGAN RECITALS RESUMED.— Louti H
Eaton' will' resume the series • of ( free organ
recitals at Trinity Church, , corner Gough « and
1 :usli '¦ streets," Uiis evening ¦ at . 8 o'clock. * Misa
Una. Falrweatber. contralto, and Miss 'Grace
Courtney Jenkins. > violinist*, will . assist.
Knnsas City Racing.
KANSAS CITY. Oct. 19.— Elm KIdge racing
summary:-' . ¦ i". .; : .;¦-:• . -
• First race, : six furlongs — Van Ness' won,"
Robin Hood second. Joe Goss third. Time,
1*14t^,: > . . ¦ i* * ¦ -' ' ' .*^-'.. - : V
•Second, race, one. and a sixteenth miles—
Hana: Wapier s won,- -Payne" second., Western
Duke.th.Ird. Time, 1:50U
:" Thlrfl race, seven , furlongs — Uncle , Charley
won. » Girdle ¦ Stone second. No -Trumper • third.
Time. 1:20%. , • ». . . • -3 S"- •;•¦- \"
¦ Fourth race.-: the Priests of I Pallas • stakes,
one mile— Otto- Stlfel won. .Alma. Dufour sec
ond. 1 San. Nicholas third. .Time, l:41tf.v
• Fifth, race, steeplechase • handicap, about \ one
and . a quarter t miles — Creolin '.won by one. and
a half length*. : Mrs? Grannan second, • Echwarz
wald third.; Tima. 2:41. v- v
¦¦" Sixth race, five furlongs— Lou ' Merrill won.
Doctor C cecond, Macene third. . Time, 1:05.
FIFTH RACE — One and a slzteeath miles:
three-year-olds and up:
IScttinc. Horse, Weight." Jockey. St. K Fin
0 to 1 — Ingolthrlft. 90 (Dickson). 5 16 12
ft to 1— Bengal. 100 (S. Dickson).. 12 1 2 4
3 to 2 — Canyon, 105 (Young) 3 4 2 3 1
Time. 1:*S. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. C. w. Oivens & Co/a ch. c (3) by
Inroldsby-Adabel. Sabot 03, Burks Cochran
ll£. Responsive 107, Mainspring 100. finished
as narced. ¦ --¦• > >
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. — A decided
stand against record breaking runs
over public highways has been taken
by the Automobile Club of America.
The board of directors of that organ
ization has. It is understood, indefin
itely suspended' a well known automo
billst.who established a record in
June last between Boston and New
York, negotiating 245 miles In sis
hours and fifty-five minutes.
Until reinstated he is not only
barred from the privileges of the Au
tomobile Club, but he is debarred from
track or road competition tn this
country, or in any country the nation
al automobile organization of which
has established relations with the
American club. Summary action was
taken when it became known that
plans N were being made by the same
man to attempt another record run
with a" car of much higher power.'
Suspend a "Well Known Xcw York
.Motorist for a Speed Test
Last June.
HAMILTON, Mass., Oct. 19.—Har
vard won the Inter-collegiate golf
championship for , the seventh time to
dayi defeating. Tale in the final round
of team matches on the links, of the
Myopia Hunt , Club i by. a^ score ' of/ 13^
to" 7. Three Harvard men and x two
Yale players won .their matches, while
the leaders of the two teams, • H. C.
Egan .and Max Behr, -were even up a t
the. end of the day's play of thirty-six
holes. '-¦-¦: * >
Golfing Honors for Harvard.
AUTOMOBIWSTS OPPOSE *
RECORD TRIALS OX ROAD
FOUHTH RACE — Seven furlong*; handicap*
three-year-old* and up:
Betting. Horse. Wolpht. Jockey. St. % Fin
« to 1— YretenBion.110 (W.Dugran) 2 1 h 1 2
8 to 6— Commodore. 1S1 (Young). 0 2 4 23
8 to 2 — Ternes Rod. 85 (Rico)/... 4 3 14 3 1
Time. 1 :27. Start rood. Won easily'. Win
ner. P. M. Caviirs b. k. (3) by Oriila-Vanlty.
Orient 107. Miss Mae Day .116. Crime 102 On
istn-d as named. *
When Seals Get a Start the Gome Is
Easy.
PORTLAND, Oct. 19.— The Wheeler
and ."Wilson battery sewed the Dugs In
a sack by the score of 7 to 3 to-day.
For two Innings Starkells and Kel
lackey plowed through the Seals with
ease, but in the third Wilson pelted
out a single and Wheeler also gained
a perch. / Then Meany drove one!
toward Spencer, who booted it across
the lot. so that Wheeler and Wilson
scored. The fireworks occurred in the
seventh. With ? Wheeler's single, a
bouple of boots by Starkells, a. wild
pitch and a base on balls, the Seals
made three runs. The score:
J - Portland— | San Francisco—
AB. R. H. P. Al I AB. R. H. P.A.
Drenen,cf 4 0 11.0 HMdeb.lt 511 30
McCre,rt .3 0 12 O Meany.rf 3 2-1 3 0
Nailau.lt 4 0.2 1 0 Irwin. 3b 4 Oil 0
Beck. 3b 4 0 0 " 2 3 Van B.lb 5 01120
Mrshll.lb 4 0 0 13- 1 Waldn.cf 3 0 0 10
Runklc.ss 4 2 23 :t'Andsn,2b 3 0 0 2 4
Spencr.2b 4 0 11 l'Gochnr.sa 3 1 'l 3 I
Kellky.c 3 1.0:4 0 Wilson, c 3 l-'l 3 1,
Strkells.p 3 0.2 0 6 Wheelr.p 3 2 10 2
Totals 33 30 27 14t-' Totals 32 7 , T 27 8
..RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland .......... 0 0 0 0 1 0 2 0 0—3
Ease hits.. 0 0 2 1 1.2 2 1 O— »
San Francisco.... 0 0 3 0-0 0 3' 1 0 — 7i
Base hits ...1 1 • 2 . O -O O-2 .' 0 1—7;
Sg£g9Sg£;v SUilMARY.
-Errors — Stark«l!s (2). Kellackey,- Runkle,
Spencer. . Marshall. . Earned run — Portland,
liases on balls — Off ¦ Starkells 3, off -Wheeler 1. ,
Struck out— By Starkells 2. by. Wheeler 3.
Two-base hits— Runkle <2>. . Starkells. Left on
basf s^Portland * 7, San Francisco 4. -Hit- by
pitched -'ball — By - Starkells. • Wild pitch —
Starkells.- First- base- on. errors — San Fran
cisco". Double plays— Starkells to Runkle to
Marshall. .Gochnauer -to Anderson to* -Van
Buren :¦ Anderson to Gochnauer to Van ¦¦ Buren
Sacrifice ' hits — Waldron. W'he«ler. Gochnauer,
MoCreedle, : Irwin.' Time- ot. game— One hour
1 «jaJ forty minutes. .Umpire — Brown. ¦•
BROWNIES ERR TOO OFTEN.
Leo Kerfoot and L. E. Mini -are j to
ba retained as coaches for an Indefinite
period. Harry Hudson. "04; will soon
be here ; to assist in coaching the ends.
"Ox" Albertson, '03. may be secured: to
assist in coachinc the tackles.
The committee reported the re
ceipts of the freshman Intercollegiate
game last, Saturday were $700 more
than at any other freshman game ever
played in California.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.— Two football
sanies, not hitherto on the schedule,
were decided upon last night by the
Associated Students', executive, com
mittee. These games are a Thanks
giving game with the University of
Washington, at Seattle, and .a Christ
mas game with the Sherman Indians
in Los Angeles. The committee also
plans to have an; important game in
San Francisco on ; New "Year's "¦ day,
though California'^ opponent on that
day has not been selected. ' - " ' >,'
Blue and Gold Kickers Will Meet Uni
versity of Washington and j
the Sherman Indians. -'
THIRD RACE— One and three-sixteenths
miles: three-year-old* and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 6t* % Fin.
7 to 2 — Lemon Girl. R6 (Rice)... 4 1 2 1 y.
O to 1 — Second Mats, 9S (Dlckson)ll '2228
15 to 1 — Golden Llsht.105 (Howell) 3 3 2 3 h
Time. 2:02V4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, M. Deatherage's br. .f. (3) by Mad
stone-Lcdema. Prummnnd 104, George Vivian
95. Hucena 95. Shortcake 91, Birdwood 100
Secundus »5. Jollier 91. -Illuminate 100, Judge
Cantrill 100. finished as named.
Fifth . race, six furlongs, purse— Escanaba
107. Popper Dick 107, Nath Woodcock 107.
Yellow Hammer 105, Torlo 102, Rhyme and
Reason 102. Madoc 102, Lcokaway 102. .
I Sixth race, one mile and twenty -yards. Cell
ing—Nellie Bawn 100, Klngstelle 100, Imboden
04, Flora Levy 95. John II 95, Ora Z 86,Boun
tifulS6. • ' ' ...¦ ¦ V i...C : ): r -,*
-Fourth race, six furlongs, purse— Extol 110.
Glennevls 110. Subador 107, Laura Hunter 107.
Wolfram 107. Malster-107. Sir Francis II 105,
Follies . Bergeres 102.' Anne Davis 102, Gay
Lizzette 102, Mattle II 102. "
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Violin 105, Kilts 103, Buchanan 103 Yada 103.
Gaoconne 100, Makalna 05, Cotton Stone 95,
Ethel's Pride 95. ...
Second race, one mile and teventy yards,
purse— Merry Sport 104, Shlpplngport 104, Lit
tle- Corker 104. George Vivian 104, Feronia 104,
Bisuka 104. Guadalquiver- 104. Banquet J04,
Ham Stevens 104, Trogon 104. Bradley Bill 104,
Tattenham 100. . • • -. • ... . . r. -.-,:.
First rase, five* furlongs, maidens— Tartan
108. Russell A 108. Lucius 108. Rox 105, George
T 103, John H. Kirby 1C0. Mr. Barnaby 100.
Aten 100. Bonanza King. 100, -John Randolph
100, Senator Pontz 08.
ST. ' LOUIS, Oct. 19. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Delmar track
follow:
DELMAR ENTRIES.
TWO ADDITIONAL GAMES
FOR CALIFORNIA ELEVEN
Time. 1:08%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. C. Mllam &* Co.'s ch. c. (2) by
Ft. Maxim-Flores. Ben Lear 110, Always Faith
ful 114. Clara Dee 06, Detest 119, ¦Trourer* 99
Mag Nolin 114, Sand Bath 00, Blythcness 111,
Laura Bell 114, finished as named.
SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; two-year
olds and no: -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— St. Flour, 00 (Dlckson).ll 4 h U
10 to 1— Jack Moran. 86 (Clark).. 1 3 % 2 i*,
10 to 1— Lady Low. 90 (Seder)... 7- 22 3 n
Time, 1:031*. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, C. Schwacker's br. f. by Dundee-Good
Friend. Bessie Me 100, Dorothy Dodd 1C0,
La Princess 100, Lady Greenwood 105, Belle
S 1C0, Pique 100, Nepenthe 105. Dotage 105,
Mamie -Lynch 100. finished as named. .
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 19. — Pretension ran
a suddenly improved race to-day and
beat Commodore in track record time.
Commodore carried 131 pounds. The
weather was clear and the track fast.
Attendance, 4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— McJetta, 100 (Rice) 4 13 lh
2 to 1 — Wakeful, 105 (Munroe) 5 3 1 2 2
5 tol — Annlsquam. 100 (Dickaon) 3 2 2 3 2
Shows Sudden Improvement in Form
and Defeats Commodore.
PRETEXSIOX A WIXNER.
Fifth race, one mile, purse — Lucy E S 00,
AUIe Vlrgle 100. Wine Sap. 100, Ishlana 00,
Lurallghter 102, Lady Jocelyn lC2,.Miss Craw
ford ill. • . . •-
Fifth race, one and a- quarter miles. Belling
—Soldier of Fortune 92. Excentral 03. Charlie
Miller 03. Ethel Scruggs 04, Bard of Avon 98,
Scortic 100, Little Elkin 100. Treacy 103, Mr.
Farnum 103. Paramount 103, Ben Chance 105,
Louis Kraft 113.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Yuga 07,
Rossbourne 100. San Jose 100, Platoon 100,
Matador 100. Regale 102, Monte 105, Gold
Enamel 1C5, Cutter 112.
Third race, one and an eighth miles, the Al
pine Stakes, selling— Aggie Lewis 80, Glorlosa
»6. Huzzah 0C, Ethylene 98, Ahola 100, Ananiaa
10*.
Second race, seven furlcngs, sailing — Sunny
Shore 102, Chanterelle 102, Goodman 102 Reck
oner 102, Harney 105, Jackful 107. Cardinal
Wol*ey 107. Meistersinger 110, Automaton 110,
Rankln 110, Beautiful and Best 110, Handsome
Man 112.
First race, five and a half furlongs, purse-
La Sagltte 102, Mon Amour 102, Dlxelle 102,,
Sparling 102, Loglstella 102. Simplicity 102,
Dixie Lad 105. Black Dutch 105, Ivan the Ter
rible 105. Lochlnvar 110, Ethel Day 112, Lawler
115, Sir Brillar 115. > •
* WORTH ENTRIES.
-: CHICAGO. Oct." 19. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Worth track
follow:
SIXTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
purse; maiden three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — Water Pansy. 108 <Lyne) 4 2 h 13
18 to 5— Spring Silk. 110 Hlldbd) 1 3 1^2 3
7 to 1— Step Away. TOT (Crmns) 2 0 1 3 1%
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. S. Paget's br. g. by Watercress-Pansy.
Male Hanlon. Thespian, Kuit Blanche, Sir
Ship, finished aa named.
Tim Flood will be back In the game
in a day or so. He has been having
trouble with his arm, which was put
out of commission by a swiftly
pitched ball. Score:
Beattie — | Los Angeles —
\ AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
VHltn.cf5 2 2 2 OBrnrd cf 5 0 1 1 0
Mohlr. 2b 5 3 3 3 4 Chase. 2b 4 1 1 1 0
C.8mth.rf 4. 2 3 0 0J.Smth,3b4 1 .1 2 3
FrUk. If. 5 1 2 1 O Crvath.rf 2 3 2 2 0
Leahy, c. 5 1 3 4 7 BrBhr, lb 2 1 OH 0
Mahon.3b 4 113 0 Tcm'an. s 4 0 0 1 4
R.Hall, 8 4 0 13 3 Ross. If. 4 0 1 3 0
Jame»,lb 4 0 2 9 0 Spies, c. 4 0 2 3 0
C.Hall, p3 1 0 2"3W.Hall,p3 1113
•Flood... 1 0 0 0 0
Totals. 39 11 17 27 IT
Totals.33 7 0 21 10
•Flood batted for Hall In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 2 0 0 0 0 2 5 2 x— II
Base hits 3 0 1113 5 3 x— 17
Loa Angeles 02, 01 2002 0 — 7
Base hits 1 1113 0 1 1 % 0— 9
SUMMARY.
Errors^ — R. Hall. C. Hall. Toman 2. Spies.
Stolen bases — Van Haltren. Mobler, Leahy.
Two-base hits — G. Smith. James, Mohler, Rosa,
Cravath. Three-base hit — Van Haltren. Sac
rifice hits— C. Smith. Brashear. Bases on balls
—Off C. Hall 3. off W. Hall 1. Struck out— By
C. Hall 4. by W. Hall 2. Time of same — On«
hour and fifty minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
one-handed catch that was little less
than phenomenal. Van Haltren caught
two seemingly impossible flies.
SEATTLE, Oct. 19.— Charlie Hall of
Ventura is certainly a lucky pitcher.
Los Angeles had him to the bad early
in the game to-day, but in the sixth
inning his team mates commenced to
hit, Charlie commenced to pitch and
Seattle finally won out. Jud Smith's
work at third and Van Haltren'a in
center field were the features of the
game. Jud scooped in a liner with a
Berkeley — Dcane, Bowman, Sollnsky, Steele,
Wltcher, Johnson, Monett; Miller, Stone,
Farrell, Peck.
Oakland — Bramhall, Darla, Becker-Craig,
Spangler, . Langan, Livingston.- Malcolm,
Ghirard<lll, Jacobus, Jackson,. Sto we.
The teams were made up of:
Darkness came on before the game
ended and for the last fifteen minutes
the players were unable to see who
had the ball.
Oakland's only touchdown was made
through a fumble by Berkeley during
the first five minutes of play. The ball
slipped away from the Berkeley half
back on Oakland's fifty-yard line. Mal
colm, one of Oakland's ends, caught
it pn the bound and ran sixty yards for
a touchdown. Bramhall kicked a dif
ficult goal, making the score 6 to 0 in
favor of Oakland- \ Berkeley's only
score came in the second half afte/
twenty-five minutes of play." \The
Berkeley boys carried the ball down
the field with a series of straight bucks
through the line. Stone was sent
through for a touchdown. Miller fail
ed at the try for. goal and the score
was Oakland 6, Berkeley 5.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.— By the narrow
margin of one point Oakland High
School players defeated their old time
rivals, Berkeley High School, in a hard
fought football game to-day on the uni
versity gridiron. The game, which was
a Dart of the Academic League sched
ule, ended with the score 6 to 5 in favor
of Oakland.
Defeats Berkeley Eleven in Football
Game, Part of Which Is Played
in the Dark.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse; maiden two-year-old flllles:
Betting. Hor«e, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 5— Floralia, 110 (Lyne) 6 3 3 1 %
« to 1— Inspiration. 110 (Hlldbd) 3 1 n 2 h
10 to 1 — Sunray, 110 (Redfern).. 8 7 h 3 5
Time, l:0S. Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner. S. Pajret's b. f. by Watercress-Firenzl.
Campo. Hyclenth. Bella Siftnora. Raiment. Su
matra. Woolna Long Days, Delusion. Annie
Russell, Mettle'. Apple Blossom, finished aa
named.
2:07 pare, purse #1000. two In three, unfin
ished — Sphinx S won Uie third heat In 2:O7^i,
King Direct won the second heat in ?:C5ti,
B»lle Me won the first heat In 2:04\4. Dry
Monopole, Oregon Maid and Donn also started.
2:05 pac* to wagon, amateur drivers, two in
three, unfinished — Angus Pointer won the sec
ond heat In 2:04ii, Barton Grattan won the
firvt btat In 2:06'%. Morning Star also started.
Prince Alert to beat l:fj»U pacing — Time by
quarter*. :30, 1:00, l:2ft«4. 2:01.
Magnolia stake. $20u0, 2:14 trot, two In
thre* 1 — Ldsonjero won In two straight beats In
2:CSMi. 2:CSV 4 . Angiola. Luiu. John Me, Lady
Patchle and Turley also started.
Dividend stake, 2:20 trot, two in three-
Bonnie Russell won two straight heats In
2:K'V.. 2:11 V t - Brilliant Girl, Ciarence S,
Ozone and John Caldwell also started.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., OcL 19.— The
Dividend stakes for 2:20 trotters and
the Magnolia stakes for 2:14 trotters
were decided at the Memphis Driving
Park to-day, Bonnie Russell, driven
by Scott Hudson, winning the former
and LIsonJero the latter in straight
heats. Both horses were favorites.
Prince Alert, with Curry in the sul
ky, attempted to lower his own pac
ing record of 1:59%. Accompanied
by a running mate the horse nego
tiated the mile in 2:01 flat
Lou Dillon has recovered from the
attack of "thumps" from which she
suffered Tuesday in the race with Ma
jor Delmar. She was taken out of
her stall to-day and was Jogged slow
ly around the track. Summary:
Bonnie Russell and LLsonjero Stars of
Day — Prince Alert Fails to
Lower Record.
OAKLAND HIGH SCHOOL
WIN'S BY NARROW MARGIN
CHARLIE HALL
HAS THE LUCK
AND WINS OUT
TWO FAVORITES DIVIDE
BIG STAKES AT MEMPHIS
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
The Southampton handicap; three -year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
ICtoS— Dol Spanker,114 (Rdfrn) 2 5 12
16 to 5— Orthodox 100 (Hildebnd) 4 2 12 2
4 to 5— Hamburg Belle.121 (Lyn) 13b 3 h
Time. 1:46 4-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. g. by Kingston.
Lady Gay. Sonoma Belle. Wotan, finished as
named.
OAKLAND PITCHER WHO CELE
BRATED HIS FIFTH STRAIGHT
VICTORY BY BEATING TACOMA.
Time. 1:07 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Thomas Carey's b. c. by Hammon-
Xrllie Whitaker. Jake Sanders 106. Capitano
109, Dr. Leggo 103, -The Reprobate 100. fin
ished as named. ...
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
6 to 1— M. Byrnes, 103 (Lynch) .7 4 h In
4 toO — Col.Ruppert.108 (Seamstr) 2 11 2 2
11 to 2 — Simplicity, 100 (Shaver). 3 8 >4 3 h
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — Namtor 108. Stolen Moments 107, South
Trimble 106, Gravina 100, Akela 103, Widow's
Mite 103, Early Eve 101, Aceful 101, Gold
Dome 102, Latheron 100, Champlaln 97. Gar
nish ©7. Lord Melbourne 98. Dimple 98.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, handi
cap — Carbuncle 120. Stolen Moments 113, Lord
Badge 114. Champlain 112, Bartender 110, Pro
ceeds 110, April Shower 103.
First race, five and a half furlongs, purse,
two-year-olds— Oro 112. Water Llcht 112, Jim
Beattie 112, Austin Allen 112, Escutcheon 112,
Augur 110, Handzarra 109. Heart's Desire 104,
license 104, Oliver Cromwell 102, Goldfltur IK».
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Lord Ad
vocate llu. Topic 110, Sentry llO.Osjood 110.
Pentaur 110. Vagary 107. Tol San 107, Fickle
107. Sourlre 107. Olaf 107. Vlona 107. Younj
Henry Io7, Revane 107, Daisy Green 107, Ar
senal 107, Funny Side 107, Bonner 107, Ju
venal Maxim Io5,' Knobhampton 106, The
Captain 106. Marion . Etta 102.
Third race, one mils and seventy yards. han
dicap—Ascension 110," Liberia 105, Thistle
Heather 102. Rosetint 102, Canteen 108. Irish
Witch 100, Raglan" 93.
Fourth race, the Hempstead stakes, six fur
lonrs — Teacress lofl, Czaraphlne 109, Voladay
107, Gamara 107. Merry Lark 105, Glen
Echo 103, King Cole 102. D'Arkle 09, Bank 97,
Mercea, 94.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19, — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Jamaica
track follow:
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
spiling: two-year-olds :
Bettinij. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— Diamond 110 (Travers). 2 11 12%
10 to 1 — B.-Hig«rent.l01 (W.Davis) 12 5 2 6
3 to 1 — Dazzle. 102 (Criramins) . . 5 4 h 3 %'
Time, 1 :07. Start bad. Won easily. Winner,
E. It. Thomae* ch. c. by Hastings-Golden
Dream Blue Coat. Jennie McCabe, Fllnuers,
Shannuiwlde, Conjuresal. Merces, Belle Savage,
Combustion, Bert Arthur, Belknap, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; three
year-olds and up:
Betting. Hor*e. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2tol— Docile, 02 (Seamster). .. . 8 3 2 12
13 to 1 — Mingore. 06 (Melntyre). 3 5 3 2 n
13 to 5— Silvermead. 91 (Shaver) C 1 2 3 S
Time, 1:42 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. Lockart Bros.' br. f. (3) by St. Blatse-
Docllity. Annora J, 96. Nannan M, St. Blue
07, Mattle Sp*ncer 105. Polk Miller 05. Seven
Oaks 01. Cohasset 06, Bobbie Lund 91, finished
as named.
SECOND RACE — One and a quarter miles;
selling-, three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Hore«. Weight, Jockey. St. »? Fin.
50 to I— Stonewall, 101 (Travers). 7 6 1^1 h
* to 1 — Clcverland.101 (W.Davlo) 1 7 1 2 h
2 to 1— Glisten. 9S (Hlldebrand) 6 3 1 3 h
Time, 2:CS. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, J. 11. P. Martin 1 * b. c. by Rossington-
Annie Bead. Midshipman. The Southerner.
Briarthorp, Beverly. Thistle Heather, finished
as named.
In addition : to sparring four rounds
yesterday Britt punched the bag for
twenty minutes, tossed the medicine
bair and twisted the wrist machine.
His exercising was watched by a num
ber of friends and admirers, Including
Billy Delaney, Jim Kennedy and most
of the staff of -the Central Theater,
where Jimmy used . to knock out vll
llans when - he was on the boards.
4 Joe took a ten-mile spin in the morn
ing and after a rub-down it was an
nounced he weighed 137 pounds. He
claims to be in tip-top condition, and
says the question of making 133
pounds, ringside, seems to bother
everybody but himself and his train
ers, who are the parties most inter
ested.
Jimmy Britt did his first boxing at
his training quarters at Croll's Gar
dens, Alameda, yesterday, going four
slam-bang rounds with husky Frank
Rafael. He displayed all of the clever
ness for which he Is noted.. Those who
witnessed the bout agreed that Jim
my's speed is increasing and likewise
the accuracy of his blows. "When the
last round was concluded Britt showed
no • evidence of weariness, thus indi
cating* that he Is already in good trim
with regard to his breathing ap
paratus.
¦ In the morning Britt took to the
highway alone and traveled eight miles
at a lively gait. Upon returning to
his gymnasium he divested himself of
his road togs and was soon. attired in
a bathing suit and plowing through
the bay waves near Croll's Gardens.
Jimmy has developed a liking for
swimming and those who have wit
nessed him cleave the briny with right
and left hooks feel he could give Tom
Sharkey a start and beating in a hun
dred-yard aquatic race.
: Joe Gans s^pent a quiet day at - his
training camp at Billy Shannon's
villa yesterday. It was expected he
would settle down to a strenuous llf^e
from now until the eve of the contest,
but for some reason his trainers have
concluded to let him take things easily
until about next Monday. This will
leave him only seven days in which to
make the weight, but the problem does
not seem to worry his trainers or his
manager.
The representatives of the boxers
will meet to-morrow night at Harry
Corbetfs to select a referee. Her
ford favors some Eastern man, but
Britt will not entertain such a propo
sition. . ...
Gans has the greater chest measure
ment and is also larger about the
waists. Both these will be reduced
slightly by training before he enters
the ring on the night of the fight.
Below the waist the boxers are al
most identical in their movements.
Gans *has a half-inch larger thigh,
while their calf measurements are the
same.
Contrary to. expectations the tape
measure shows Jimmy Britt and Joe
Gans to.be almost identical in build.
The most marked discrepancy Is in
the reach or spread of the arms, where
Britt has an advantage of three and
one-fourth inches over his clever,op
ponent.
Time. 1:41 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. James Arthur's b. g. (8) by Burling
ton (or Klngston)-Forethought. Burning Glass
10C, Celebration 107. Floyd K 100, Scotsman
100, Peter J. Somers OS. Blue Mint 105, Alice
Commoner 104, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — One mile; selling; three
y«ar-olds and up:
Betting. Hors«, Weight. Jockey.' St. % Fin.
0 to 1— Federal. 105 (Mclntyre). 5 3 1 1 n
8 to 1— Idle. 07, (Foy) 10 S UJ2 2
20 to 1 — Harney. 10<> (Morrison) . . 2 2 n 3 h
First race — John Randolph, Mr.
Barnaby, George T.
Second race — Trogon, Sara Stevens,
George Vivian. .
Third race — Violin, Yada, Ethel's
Pride.
Fourth race — Follies Bergeres,
Aline Davis, Malstcr.
Fifth race — Modoc, Lookaway, Pep
per Dick.
Sixth race — Imboden, Ora Z, King
stclle. . # _
Condition of the track — Fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; puree:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — M>r Johnan,101(McIntre) 8 4% In
0 to 5— Rusk. 100 (Romanelll).. 3 13 23
«tol— The Crisis. 101 (Nicol).. 6 2 2 3#
Time. 1:12 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, L. Marion &. Co.'s b. g. (5), by Q.
W. Johnson-Daybreak. Frontenac 107, Kni
peror of India 100, Nannie Hod«e 102, Don
Domo 102. New Mown Hay 97, finished aa
named.
Height 5 feet G inches
I teach 62% inches
Weight 133 pounds
Xcck 15% inches
Chest ... ..... . . . . . . .39 Inches
Waist ......... 29% inches
Biceps .11% inches
Forearm 9% inches
Wrist 1 inches
Thigh 20 inches
Calf IS inches
Ankle V. .... 7 Inches
GANS' FINE FORM
SKCOND RACE — Mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-olds and up; selling-:
Betting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1) to 1— Dutiful, 113 iRobbins).. 6 2^4 In
0 to 1— Foxmeade.100 (R.Johnsn) 3 11 2 4
5 to 1— Barklmote, 108 (Morrisn) 7 3 4 3 2
Time. 1 :48. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. J. A. Wernberg's er. g. (3), by Faraday-
Blipalon*. Arab 10O, Kinsr's Court 115. .Voila
105, Santa Teresa 105, La Chaperone 1*X>,
O^Hacen 105. Bery Waddell 100. Avenger 113,
Royal Arm 105. finished as named.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race^ — Sparkling, Ivan the Ter
rible, Dixie Lad. \
Second race— Sunny Shore, Autom
aton, Harney. (
Third race— Hnzzali, Ananias, Aho
la.
Fourth race — Cutter, Kegile, Gold
Unamel.
Fifth race — Miss Crawford, Lura
lightcr, Lucy E. S.
Sixth race — Charlie 3Iiller, Ben
Chance, Little Elkin.
Condition of the track— Fast.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Again in the fourth they were both
there with one. Truck Eagan lifted
out a two-cushloner to- the center field
fence and got away with a daring piece
of base running when he scampered to
third while Francks threw to Strelb.
retiring Lynch. Strelb winged the ball
over to Devereaux, but Bill dropped
It. A moment later Eagan tore in on
Casey's scratchy one to Schlafley,
which he just barely beat out.
Schlafley carried In the other Oak
land tally in round four. He managed
to beat a bunt, stole second and tore
straight ahead when Kruger soused a
fast one out to short center field. ' Tho
ball was not fielded as fast as it might
have been, otherwise Shoo would have
been a dead one at the pan. His dar
ing run buffaloed the Tigers and they
could not recover in time.
There was no more scoring till th«
Commuters put the deciding one to tha
good In the seventh. Streib's base on
balls opened up the inning. Bill Dev
ereaux laid down a bunt, advancing
Julie. Jimmy Byrnes slapped a saucy
one to center and went to second on
the throw in. Moskiman laid down a
slow one to Thomas. While he was
being fielded out Streib ducked in with
the winning one.
After the fourth round Moskiman
had the Tigers looking foggy. None of
them could get a hit and his control
was pretty good. Ferine had a day of
close decisions, but at that he umpired
a first-class game. The score:
Oakland — I Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P. A.
Ganley.rf 4 0 12 0 Doyle, rt 4 0 10 0
Frnks.ss 4 112 4!Shebn.3b 2 1 O 0 1
Dunlvy.lf 4 0 0 0 OjN'ordy.lb 4 0 17 2
Schlfly.2b 4 112 7iKa K an.ss 4 118::
Krurr, cf 2 0 1 0" O-Lynch. cf 3 0 0 1 U
Streib. lb 2 1 0 14 1 Casey, 2b 3 0 1 2 1
Devrx.3b 2 0 11 2(McLcn.lf 4 0 12 0
Byrnes.c 3 0 18 1 Hogan, c 3 0 0 2 4
Mskmn.p 3 0 0 0 SiThomaa.p 3 0 0 2 3
Totals 28 3 « 27 20* Totals 30 2 5 Z\ li
RUNSAND HITS BT EOn?I03.
Tacoma 10010000 0—2
BaM hits. 1 0 12 0 0 10 0-C
Oakland 10010010 x— 3
Basa hits 10121010 X— «
BtrsniART.j
Stolen baae»— Sheehan. G&nley (2). SchlaSey.
Casey. Brrors — Devereaux, Eajan (2). Xordyke.
Two-base hit — Eagan. Sacrifice hit—Dever
eaox. First ba«« on errors — Oakland 2. Tacom*
1. First base on called balls— Off Moskiman 4,
off Thomas 2. Left on bases — Oakland 4,
Tacoma 3. Struck oat— By Mosklman «. by
Tbomai 1 Double plays — Schlafley to Streib to
Devereaux, Schlafley to Francks to Stretb.
Nordyke to Eagan to Nordyke. Eagan to
Nordyke. Wild pitch— Thomas. Balk—Moski
man. Time of game — One hour and nfty-nv«
mlnutef. Umpire — P«rlne.
Never in months has such a variety
of ginger been expended by the talent
as was yesterday. The fans al3O
chimed in at odd moments and alto
gether It looked like a game for the
championship of the world. There wero
no dull moments in the battle and
every run that came In was the result
of some labor.
Dr. Moskiman pitched an elegant
game. It was through his steady work
that the Tigers were kept away from
that rubber on many occasions.
Thomas also had the Indian sign with
him for most of the game, but one of
those fatal bases on balls was dis
pensed by him in the seventh round
and that broke up the game right
there.
The fielding was fast, four swell
double plays being made during the
first four rounds of the contest. Oak
land's infield played some magnificent
baseball. Francks and Schlafley worked
together in grand form and got every
thing that happened to be clouted in
their direction.
Both teams broke In with a run in
the first round. Sheehan walked for
the Tigers and skimmed around to
third on Nordyke's single past first.
Lynch's out put him in. Francks tc/re
off a safe one for Oakland and got
around to third on a wild pitch. Duu
leavy's Infield out let Buck register
the first one for the Commuters.
The Kins of Tacoma town descend
ed upon Recreation Park yesterday and
gave\lt out that he would make it
four straight from the Commut
ers. But the Jungle Monsters could
not even go four straight rounds with
a lead. The Commuters played base
ball that is unheard of in the bush
league and Mike got second coin. Score
— Oakland 3, Tacoma 2.
Height ........ .5 feet 6 inches
Reach ; 03% inches
Weight 133 pounds
Neck ............... 15 inches
Chest ............. 33 V» inches
Waist .28 inches
Biceps ......... .-. ... 12 inches
Forearin .......... 10% inches
Wrist 7 Inches
Thigh . . . . . . . ... . . . 19 Vt inches
Calf 13 inches
Ankle 7 inches
BRITT HAS REACH
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. L. Pet. I W. !•. Prt.
Tacoma 47 2S .627 Oakland M S" .507
Los Angeles.. 38 32 .M3 San Fran ....33 42 .440
Seattle 40 37 .519 Portland 23 48 .Uta
Broad Jump: Neighbor, V. C. scratch; Dole,
S., scratch; Ligda, T. V., 1 foot; McNamara,
A. A. L., l'i feet; leRXigK. A. A. L-. VA feet;
Randall. U C. 2 feet; WintrinKham. U. C,
2 feet; J. E. Neighbor, O. C. 2 feet.
16-pound sliotput: I'law, It., scratch; Ligda,
T. V.. 3 feet; Blakemore, U. C. 3 feet; Gll
roore, 16 Inches.
SSO-yard run: R. Clifford, 1-*. C. scratch:
Giarner, V.. scratch; NeTrhall. V. C, scratch;
Milier, S., 5 yards; De Mamie!. V. C, 5 yards;
Yost. U. C. ft yards; Moals. U. C. 5 yards;
tpaldin*. V. C, 5 yards; Moody, U. C. 7
yards; Stevens, V. C. 12 yards; H. Clifford,
V C. 12 yards: Blankenbere, U. C, 12 yards;
Butler. V. C. 12 yards; Keyea, A. A. L... 15
yards; Iiichardsoa. A. A. L... 15 yards.
Pole vault: Dele, scratch; Irwin, R., S
Inches: Whitaker. S.. 1 foot.
10-pound hammer throxr. Plaw, R. t scratch;
Blakemore, D. C. 05 feet.
Running high jump: Hall. A. A. L., scratch;
Dole. S., 1 inch: Ligda, T. V.. 4 inches; R.
Clifford. U. C, 5 inches; IfgrigB, A. A. L.,
inches; Kant, A. A. L... h inches; Randall,
¦C. C, 8 Inches; Gilmcre. U. C, 8 Inches.
The initial tryout of athletes to de
termine who are to go to the Lewis and
Clark Exposition to represent Califor
nia will be held on the University of
California cinder path at Berkeley on
Saturday. The event will be termed a
track and field handicap meet and will
consist of running; jumping and other
forms of athletics. It will be given
under the auspices of the Pacific Ath
letic Association. The entries follow:
100-yard dai*: First heat— Klueberrer. U.
C 1 >ard - Giarner, V. 1 yard; Hess, K., Z
yard?: Caspar, U. C, 2 yard*; Magnes, D. C,
4 yard* Second h«at— Cope, S.. scratch;
Neighbor. U. C. 1 yard; Lipda. T. V.. 1 yard;
Kichver. V. C. 4 yards; Isgrieg. A. A. L.. 4
'^Sne mile run: Miller. S.. scratch: Newhall.
V C, scratch; Glarner, V., scratch: De lla-
Kiel, V. C, 5 yards; Moody. O. C. 12 yards;
MeaJs. U. C 12 yards; Yoet, U. C, 15 yards;
Darlins. U. C. 10 yards; BpaldlnB. D. C, 15
yssit: H. Clifford. U. C, 20 yards; Nolan. \ ..
ZX> yards: Hoblnson U. C, 25 yards; Butler.
U. C. 25 yards; Keyes. A. A. L.. 30 yards.
440-yard dash — R. Clifford. U. C. scratch;
Giarner. V., scratch; McXaraara. A. A. L... 1
yard; ligrigt, A. A. L.. 2 yards; Yost. V. C.
2 yards; Miller, P.. 2 yards; Moody U. C,
8 yards; Walker, A. A. L.. 3 yards; Blancken
bcrc V. C., 5 yards; He**. It., 5 yard?; Lyon.
V. L.. 5 yards; RSchardeon. A. A. L., 5 yards;
t\'lntrin«ha.m V*. C, 6 yards.
220-yard hurdles: Litda. T. V.. scratch:
GUmer. V., 4 yards; WilklBBon, A. A. L... C
yards.
iiO-yard fla»h: F>et heat— Cop*. S.. scratch;
Klueberger, U. C, scratch; Isgrlgg. A. A. L..
2 yards; Hesa, R., 4 yards; Rlchter. TJ. C,
6 yards; Walker, A. A. L.. 5 yards. Second
beat — Giarner, V., scratch; Mc^'amara, A. A.
L.. 2 yards; Ca«per. U. C. 2 yards; Llcda,
T. V.. scratch ; Wlmrintfham. U. C. 4 yards.
Doc Moskiman Pitches
In Splendid Form
for- Oakland.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race— Handasarra, Heart's De
sire, Escutcheon.
Second race— Young Henry, Viona,
Revan.
Third race— Ascension, Rosetint,
Canteen.
Fourth race— Paget entry, Glen
Echo, Bank.
Fifth race— Acefull, Namtor, Gra
vina.
Sixth race — rCarbuncle, Bartender,
Lord Badge.
Condition of the track— Fast.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
It was one of the best of Dolly Span
ker's recent conquests. In both his
last two winning races they have been
run to suit him. The pace had been
comparatively slow for the first 'mile
and Dolly Spanker had something left
to finish with. It was declared, how
ever, that he would have had a much
closer call of the other horses. Or
thodox particularly, had been ridden
sufflciently close to the rail to force
Kedfern's mount to run around them.
Hamburg Belle was installed favorite
because In her last race at Morris Park
she had defeated with great ease Min
eola and others at a mile, which, how
ever, was run in comparatively slow
time, 1:41 1-5; still she won easily with
125 pounds on her back. Lyne used
his whip vigorously on the filly, but
she had all she could do to save third
place by a few inches from Sonoma
Belle, which is far from first class. The
time for the mile and a sixteenth was
1:4C 4-5. The Southampton Handicap
was worth $1475 to the winner. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; handicap; all
ages:
Bettiny. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 6— Ascension. 103 (HUdebr) 1 12 13
f> to 1— New York. 92 (Crimns) 3 2 2 2 4
13 to 10— Israelite, 95 (\V. Davis). 5 3 13 8
Time. 1:13. Start fair. Won easily. Winner.
C. F. Fox's b. m. by Ben Strome-Adora. The
Huguenot and Jake finished as named.
JAMAICA, N. Y., Oct. 19.— Richard
T. Wilson Jr., accompanied by Mrs.
Wilson, sat on the clubhouse veranda
to-day and saw his gelding Dolly Span
ker, ridden with more than his usual
alertness by Redfern, dart through a
narrow opening on the last turn and
make victory certain in the Southamp
ton Handicap.
Promising Men of Various
Clubs and Colleges Ready
to Make a Bid for Honors
PROGRAMME IS VARIED
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— Mayor Johnson,
with a big pull in the weights, and at
15 to 1, beat the Canadian sprinter
Rusk in the feature race at Worth to
day, and thereby spoiled one of the
killings attempted by the Canadians.
Rusk was backed from 13 to 5 to 9 to
5. Mayor Johnson was hardly given a
thought, despite his two previous good
races, and was allowed to drift from
6 . to 1 to 15 at post time, with few
takers. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs:
two-year-olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Ftn.
7 to 1 — Harum Scarum,V8(Smstr) 5 3 J ,s 1 IVi
IS to 5 — Ravlana, !H> iR. Johnsn) 8 2 % 2 1
'J to 5— Annie Alone. 101 (Nicol). 7 7 1 3h
Time, 1:2a. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. V»\ Belknap &. Co.'s ch. t. by Plaudlt-
Hyi>atla. Lydla Headers 101, Jolly Witch
lol. Miss Gunn f M, Sly Musette 101, Wabana
Shi, Green Kose 101, finished aa named.
Fatal Base on Balls
Helps the Winning
Tally Along.
Mayor Johnson Spoils
Coup of Canadians
at the Worth Track
HORSES OF CLASS
ARE ENTERED AT
EASTERN COURSES
Redfern Rides Clever
Race on the Wilson
Gelding at Jamaica
Tryout for Exposition Team
Will Be Held on Berkeley
Cinder Path on Saturday
ATHLETES ENTER
FOR BIG EVENT
HAMBURG BELLF IS BEATEN
BY GAME DOLLY SPANKER
Commuters Round Tigers
Up in Game That Is Full
of Baseball and Ginger
BRITT AND GANS Are to Confer on Friday When they WILL NAME A REFEREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY,; OCTOBER. 20, 1004.
Baltimore Champion Decides
to Cut Out Hard Exercise
Until After Next Monday
JOE EASES OFF IN WORK
Tape Measure Reveals Fact
He Has a Greater Beach
Than His Opponent Grans
BRITT SHOWS
LONGER ARMS
Men who. will go j to} law are sure to
get satisfaction— if r they; are lawyers., >
DA SILVA RELEASED.— H. L. A. E« ifck
Suva was released yesterday on fc;i;r.i» U^T^*
-furnlrhed by a surety cempany. Da SHv» >t»
terday denied that b<> had b*en connected In
any;way with Lee, Toy In the Illicit tmyurta-
Uua of Cbiaese women.
STEFANO'S WAGES IN 'DOUBT —In the
eutt ¦ of -Mike Stefano 5 against the American
steamer;. Ventura . to t recover i wages altered to
be due aa fireman. United States District Judge
de.-, Haven * yesterday > referred ' the matter to
United ; States . Commissioner George ' H. Mor9e
to; ascertain the. sum, due. .
,; FRIEND, Neb., Oct. ,19.—The^open
ing.' of 'the • Friend ; Coursing Club meet
was 4 again ; , postponed v on account ¦* of
stormy weather. The ? weather condi
tions "are better to-night and the cours
ing '',. club officials % to i start \ the
Futurity stake Thursday. - - tllSSiliSI
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When a child I had a very severe at-
tack of Diphtheria, which came near prov-
ing fatal. Upon recovery the glands of the
neck were very much enlarged, and after
the free use of iodine, the right one was
reduced to its normal size, but the left
one continued to grow — very slowly at
first, until it was about the size of a goose
egg, which began to press on the wind-
pipe, causing difficult breathing, and be-
came very painful. An incision was made
and a large quantity of pus discharged.
The gland was removed, or as much as
could with safety be taken outr For ten
rears I wore a little piece of cloth about an
inch long in zay neck to keep the place
open.' During this time I had to have it
cut open by the doctor every time I took
cold or the opening clogged. In the Spring
or earl j Summer of 1884 1 was persuaded
by my'wife to use S. S. S., which I did,
strictly in accordance with directions. ~I
took twenty-six large bottles, and was en-
tirely cured, for I have not suffered since
that time. B. S. Raglaxd.
Royal Bag Mfg. Co., Charleston, S. C
Only a constitutional remedy can reach
an hereditary disease like Scrofula. When
the blood is restored to a normal condition
and the scrof nlons deposits are carried off
there is a gradual return to health. S.S.S.
. 1 mi jtSSSi * 9 ' wc^ known as a
IB VI ix have any signs of
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta/ Ga.Miss May: K. Torre, '1821 Dupont
street, - secured warrants ; from t Police"
Judge Mogan yesterdayj*"for~Uhe""' ar
rest of Emlgllo Castagnino on charges
of ' disturbing the : peace ' and : threats
against' life. She said that Castagnino
had • asked : her, to marry,, him, but l she
had refused. : He} had been : annoying
her ever since - and on Tuesday ; night
he raised fa 'disturbance : at* herj home
and said he; would kill her if she p«r
slsted : in.' refusing "his .offer . of ;; marf
Rejected^ Suitor Majces Threats.
2? te k o 05 •« ¦
1 iw |m!--2o" f.
STATIONS. § *| I § 5§ 5- ?
: fe* c • : §
• ? ? : : :
Baker 30.50 66. SO NW Cloudv Too
Car»on 30.40 60 20 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.24 «> 44 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno 30.10 72 46 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.10 62 23 N Clear .00
Independence .30.20 68 33 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles .29.94 SS 4S W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.15 C7 S7 N Clear .00
North Head ..30.50 *0 4M NW Clear .00
Pocatello 30.42 62 32 S Clear .0*t
Phoenix 29.92 84 48 "S Clear .00
Pt Reyts Lt.. 30.08 70 &4 X Clear .00
Pcrtland 30.44 62 4H W. Clear .«>
Roseburg ....30.40 62 44 W Clear
Red Bluff 30.14 SO M N Clear .Ou
6.E. FaraIlon.S0.12 61 57 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..30. OS 76 40 E Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.42 50 29 NW Clear >.00
San Francisco.30. 12 74 56 W Clear .00
San L OblBpo.30.00 SO B* N Clear ¦ .00
San Diego ...29.90 S4 .58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.52 5» 44 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 80.50 56 34 8 Cloudy * .00
Tatoosh 30.44 68 48 EE Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .30.43 C2 48 W Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemucea .30.44' CO 28 N Clear .00
Yuma 29.94 S2 58 N' Clear .00
•WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Pleasant weather . continues on the Pacific
•lope. Throughout the middle West unsettled
weather prevails. .
No rain has fallen west of tbe Rocky Moun
tains.
- Warm weather continues along the coast or
California south of San Francisco. Afternoon
temperatures of 80 degrees or higher are re
ported south of Point Conception.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. October 20:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, becom
ing cloudy at night; light northeast winds.
1 Southern California — Fair Thursday: light
northeast winds; crobably cooler by night.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday,
becoming cloudy and probably cooler In 'the
afternoon and nlsrht; light northeast winds,
changing to westerly.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Thursday 1 ,
probably cloudy and cooler in the afternoon,
and -night: light northeast winds, changing to
brisk westerly.
Sacramento— Fair Thursday, not so warm,
light east winds. ' I
Fresno — Fair Thnriday: light north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Arrival of the San Jose.
The Pac'.2c Mall steamship Ean Joae arrived
j-wterday afternoon frcia Pasasa by way cX
: '. .;u: .^:. with seventeen pssengers In the
cabin, nine whites and thirteen Chinese la the
*te«rare. She had 827 tons of cargo, all
through freight from New York. T. M. Solo
mon and family are from Nicaragua, on a visit
to this State. Mr. Eclomon Is building a &00
foct wharf and sh-td at Cortnto. a long-felt
want la that port, as there are no facilities
?cr handling rh!p cargo** In that place. Mrs.
Peame. wife of the Pacific Mall Company's
fcsrent at Panama, is here en a vUit. Maaatlan
was recently visited by a severe storm.
The catin ;v-st-.:>:s are as follows: Mn.
Frtd I. P*-arae. Jan-.es Bulger, Miss Caroline
r.-r_""-n, B^r.Jamin L. Benscn, Will!am W.
Handy. Theo. M. Eolcmon. Mrs. Theo M.
C&rlos Bermudei. Joseph Mcllwalse,
Patxtek M. WelHn. Elirabeth B. Kemp. Mau-
Tift M. Berg. Mrs. W. W. McDonald. Mrs.
Itiltcn McDonald. Mrs. Tbomas McDonald.
Si^s Mircaret McDoi^ia.
Cnrtom-House Scales
At its regular meeting yesterday the- Harbor
Couiralwlon ' i*«*iv*d and coxjidercd a re
curst from ColJectcr Strattos asking that he
t>^' ' « r. .:• ¦ 1 to place three sets of scales on
the mh*rt-es fcr the use of th« customs service.
The request was imnneilately granted, and the
«"o'.iector wiii choose the localises of the scales.
Heretofore the weighing ha» been done on the
j rjvate ecale* of H. Lfrentxen. the "bar.jo
e>*al kid." who charged the Government Z
cents per ton more than the shippers, or 9V t
c»ste a ton. the party holding the concerolcii
frcm the board claiming that lt was more
virk to wcich for the Go\ernment than for
rrf\-at»- i*'p7-«r». The board says there has
b»en no cesire on its part to prevent the Gov-
*rr.:E«>r.t from having It* own scales on the
trattr frort, and the request cf the Collector
v.»* ii=m*sl lately CXaStsd.
The tc'luw^g d^niise* for accidents to the
wtxrvn -wc^rc *--¦:->¦ j by the chief engineer:
> -.,r..-T Newport, damage to Mission wharf
No. 1, &;bttmt*r 14. <^U1 27; tug Deflanc*.
Howeil-irtrect wharf. September 24. $€7 65;
neamer C«»nt^nn;al. section of seawaJl. October
10. J1C4 ~Z: ferr>- steamer Enclnal. October I.
»S7S 74.
The nm of SI5.277 was ordered paid to the
Eonthern Pacifle Company for the work of
cr»-oxnt!njr files for cs* In China Basin.
Th* matter of the. new docks and cheds for
the PtciSc Ma:! Steanmbtp Company did not
ecrr.e before the board, aa the crsjpar.y ha*
not r-jfcrr.ittfcd its estimates cf cos* and class
cf wharves wanted.
Ships Out of Stores.
Advicee froia London state that the. German
bark Primus, from Leith for Honolulu, called
at Va!ps.rairo for nu>rea. During a heavy gale
•he lost, several. *pars, and was obliged to put
lr.io Aberdeen. Scctland, fcr repairs. After
;..-.:- r that port cb« again enceustered.unfa
vorable weather, and on account of the alow
r-a«£4ge ran ptort of etores and was forced into
V,a!iaraiso. - .
-The -British fhip LocsdaJe. - which left.Tyne
July ]. also put lr.to- Valparaiso for. stores.
Her rigging was fcadly daaaged In a storm.
Watrr I>ont Xotes.
,T>e racifio Msfl rteasE«a!p San Jose, which
arrived yesterday frcn Panama, reports hav
ing seen a schooner's tnast with rigging at
tached drifting at cea six miles off San Pedro.
The spar was painted white at the lower end
end had net been In the water long.
Captain Metcalf of Lloyds agenry la this
car -win be a passenger on the Maripom to
Tahiti te-day_ ... ¦ .. •
"Reinsurance ca the German bark EIrene hat
poc* up to 70 per cent.. -Sn* started list week
at. 5 p^r cent and has steadily Increased. The
v«?!-l is out 142 day» from Liverpool for Val
paraiso. The Andreta Is out US days from
SjtJner for Falmocth. and is <raot*d at 15 per
cent, ar.d the Ronalla d'Alils is 15© days from
CaT^3or.la for Delaware Breakwater. S per cent.
'The America Mara carried bark to Japan
three Japanese who are particularly unfortu
nate. They arrived here on the vessel October
1 <fcnd w*-re dueled la=4ins. aa they were found
to be afEicted with a dls«-as« of the eyes. On«
c* the mm, K. Fukamald. is a graduate rf
th* Imperial University cf Japan, and came to
this country, la pursuit cf hi* botanical studies
Before the .vessel sailed yesterday Dr.-Trotter
cf the Immigration Bureau made another ex
amination erf the man's eyes, but could sot give
the order for his landing.
The little schooner Karl anfl Ella, which ar
rtved Tuesday evening, after a stormy voyage,
fran tbe Caroline Islands. Is leaking as she
lie* at her anchorage cS Melgga wharf.
Sailed Oct 18 — Fr ship Desalx. for Oregon.
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Oct 13— Ger stmr
Neko. for Ban Francisco.
HONGKONG — Arrived Oct 1&— Br stmr Tar
tar, frcm Vancouver.
ST HELENS— Arrived Oct 18— Br ship Tola,
from Manila, for orders.
MAZATLAN — Sailed Oct 17— Stmr Curacao,
for San Fraiclsco.
OCEAN STEAMERS. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Llverpoool; stmr Heligoland, from
Cot«nhagen. etc; stmr : Patria. from Genoa.
Naples, etc. ' *• . ' " • ¦ •
Sailed. Oct 19 — Stmr . Ryndam. for Rotter
dam, via Boulogne; stmr Oceanic, for Liver
pool; stmr Citta dl Napoli, for Naoles ancr
Genoa.' nvmSti%jf njf*" y * l V+V m Qbaf*B£fSZ*&i
GLASGOW — Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr Anchorta,"
from New York: stmr Earmatian. from Bos
ton, via Halifax.
NAPLES — Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr Prina Adal
bert, from New York.* and sailed for Genoa. ,
. LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct IS— Stmr Sylvanla,
for Boston: '-^^BfiKtaatmvtvtaam^mtmtMtauaM
QTJEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct - 19— Stmr . Car
pathia. from Liverpool.' for New York.
Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr Saxon la, , from Boston;
stmr Majestic' from New York. - . - ¦
YOKOHAMA— Arrived .Oct 18— Stmr Em
press of India, ' from ¦¦ Victoria, for Hongkong
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 19— stmr ' Baltic
from New York, via Qaeenstown; itar Fries
land, from - Philadelphia, - via Qneenstown.
A Cargo for, Siberia.
Tfce new steamer Harold Dollar was cleared
Ti:t achooser Edvard R, West Is chartered
for lumber, from Grays Harbor to Sydney, at
SO*; emp 'William II. Smith, same business,
frcm Paget Sound to Sydney, at 20r (January
Joaaisr).
Tbe British ship Thorellebank proceeds la
tcttaat to Sydney for ordera.
XEWS OP THE OCEL\N*.
Time Ban.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San . Francisco, CaL.
October 19.- 1904. . . ¦-
The time ball failed to drop to-day.
J. C BURNETT.':
Lieutenant. U. . S. N., i In i charge. ¦ ' -
Son, Moon and , Tide.
OUted ; States Coaat and ' Geodetic . Survsjr— :
; ." ' TO ARRIVE. " '
Steamer. | ...From.;.' ,-, . r \ ..P°_f- '.. J
Elizabeth..... | CoquIlll"lftTef~r.:: . ."lUOciTSO"
Chlco..-. SCoquiUe River {Oct. 20 :
Alliance • Portland & Way Ports. (Oct. 29 y
Del Norte. ... .1 Crescent City . |Ov:t. i«-
North Fork... I Humboldt .jOct. 20
Corona ..1 Humboldt ....{Oct.. 20,.
Point Arena.. I Mendocino A Pt. Arena.Oct. 20 i
Santa Rosa... I Pan Drego-ft Way PtrJOct. 20 ;
Argo J Eel 'River Ports ......Oct. 21
[Arcata J Coos Bar * P«, Orford Oct. 21
Homer San Pedro : Oct. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 21
Ccehalis...... Grays Harbor Oct. 21
J. Hlggins.... San Pedro Oct. 21
S.Barbara.... San. Pedro Oct. 22,
Ean Pedro...'. Humboldt Oct. 22
C. Nelson.....; San Pedro ..Oct. 22
Coos Bay..... 1 San Pedro A Way Pts. Oct. 23
laqua .'Portland & Astoria.,.. Oct.* 23
Breakwater... Cooe Bay Oct. 23
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 23
Eureka....... Humboldt Oct. 23
Pomona Homboldt ....Oct. 23
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports.... Oct.- £ I
Ncwburg j Grays - Harbor ........Oct. 24
Norwood Seattle'--'.. '. .'. Oct. 2t
Redondo Portland & Astoria Oct. 2t
Centralla San Pedro Oct. 24 '
5. Monica Crave Harbor Oct. 24
Doric China & Japan... Oct. 24 :
State of Cal... San Diego A Way Pts. Oct. 2*
O. Ltndauer.. Grajs Harbor Oct. 25
Porno... Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 23
Centennial.... Seattle A Tacoma Oct. 23
Alameda....... Honolulu Oct. 23
City Panama.'.' New ¦ York via Ancon.. Oet. 28 I
O. W. Elder. . f Portland & Astoria Oct. 26 •
Curacao...... ' Mexican -Ports [Oct. 27-
Bonlta........ Portland. & Way Ports. Oct. 27 J
Umatilla..... J Puget Sound Ports Oct. 23
Saxcnla J Hamburg * Way Ports Oct. 29'
Sierra. ....... J Sydney A Way Peru. Oct. 31 j
TO 8AIL. i
Steamer. : Destination. Salls.1 Pier. |
October 30. j
H. Dollar. . Petropaulovski pier —
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pitr 20 j
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier IS i
-Northland.. Astoria tc Portland S pm Pier 37 •
Ventura.... Sydney A Way Pu. 2 pm Pier 7
Maripoea.... Tahiti direct- 11 am Pier 7
Nlcaria..... Hamburg & Way.. 10 am Pier ID
Pomo Pt. Arena A Albion 6 pm Pier 2
.State of Cal. Ean Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October SI.
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 20
Alliance.... Eureka * Coos ' B. 6 pm Pier 18
Jeanle Seattle St Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
October 02. \
Cbico Coquille River 1 pm Pier 2
Mor.tara.... Seattle A Tacoma. 4 pm Pier 11
San Pedro... Lbs Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
Corona Humboldt l:3UpPler 9
Point Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2:
Bonlta'. Newport A Way... 9 am PJer 11^
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier "9
City Peking. N. Y. via Ancon. 12 r m Pier 40
Aurelia..... Astoria A Portland S pm Pier 27 :
; ¦ October 33. |
6. Rosa San Diego A Way. 0 am Pier 11
K. Fork Humboldt' & pmlPter 20
. .«- - October 24. ¦¦ .
Redondo.... Los 'Angeles Ports. 10 amiPler- 2
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm P)«r 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
S. Monica... I.os Angeles Ports. 10 amiPler 2
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 am Pl«r 24
October 35.
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct^. 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona. .... Humboldt 1 ;30 p Pier ft
China....... China A Japan.... l pm Pier 44)
Algoa. ...... China A Japan.... ...... pier 40
October 28. ¦
Arctic Humboldt ......... & am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. » am Pier 11
' . ¦ • -"¦-; October 27.
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Plar 9
{aqaffRBSSfr October 38.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor...... 4 Dm pi- P to
Norwood Seattle A Tacoma. ... Pier ~
New burg. . • J Grays i Harbor .... 4 pm Pl-r 10
Bequola...".. WUlapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
- - . October 39. — .
Alameda.;.. Honolulu n am p| er . 7
G. W. Elder. Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
Ban Jos*.... K. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
• - October 30. •¦ j •-,...
Centennial.. Seattle A Tacoma. | 6 pm Pier 20
. . ¦'¦.: ' ,- ,' 'v FROM; 8EATTLB. \ \
;• Steamer. ; '" .Destination. • J Sails'!"*
Cottage City.. Skagway A .Way Ports 'Oct. 21
Dolphin....:.. Fkagway * Way Ports.iOct.iJ
Santa Clara... I Seldovla A Way Ports.. |Nov- 1
Movements of Steamers.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. 19. — In draining
the Stonewall mine', the workmen have
discovered a peculiar result of the
earthquake some time ago..** The mine
shaft has been twisted ao * that the
timbers have beeti pulled around to
opposite sides 1 of r the shaft from -their
original positions. Huge boulders have
been dropped In the shaft and must
be dynamited in order to be removed.
311ne Shaft Twisted by Temblor.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 19 — 5 D. m.
Tbe following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for th« previous day:
Boston ........... 72-48 jNew Orleans ...".80-68
Cincinnati .80-40 Pittsburg 7S-54
Chicago 74-5«;;Ph!ladelphia 80-54
Jacksonville . ....78-68 [ St.. Louis ..7&-5S
New York 7»-5«! Washington 82-62
• SAN FRANCISCO :..... .74-56
. The following: are the seasonal rainfalls .to
dat« as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfalls In laat twenty-four hours;
Laxt This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 00 4.34 3.27
Fresno 00 4.9S - .00
Independence .00 .47 .42
Los Angeles 00 . 1.13 .43
Red Bluff 00 fi.4» .44
San Francisco .00 7.45 .17
! £aa Luis Obispo .«»> . 4.58 .C2
'San Diego 00 .1» .07
Eacraxnento 00 •¦ 6.47 .12
THE COAST RECORD.
Weather Report.
JAPANESE LINER AMERICA MARU
LEAVING PORT HOMEWARD
BOUND FOR THE ORIENT.
America 5Iaru Sails.
Tnsj pretty Toyo Kicen Kaisfca liner America.
Maru wert cat yesterday, bound for Japan,
with a large cargo of contraband that would
make h«r a valuable prize for any Russian
that n:tgi:t be ¦wandering around over tbe ocean
this sid* of Tckahaoia- She was loaded down
¦wlih 1100 tons d salt. 450 ions of citrates,
&l« tens of tsr.bark and 400 tens of lead. b»
slde* -ether nr.erehasdise for the dealers in
the Japanese port*. The subjects aboard th*
are full of ratrlctism and she steamed
cat of port with flags fiyinsr fore and aft. Th»
fcllcwlng are her cabin passengers:
Fcr Vckobazsa — G. Ohta, H Ohta. M
Miyasakl. O. A. Nesrler. D. 1^. Smith and wife,
K. L'nco. Y. Yamancmchi.
Fcr Sharghal— Mrs. ilay Lurfan.
For Hcngkcng— Mrs. D. J. Blake Miss Ada
r«laney. Mra. Nona Dwyer. C. I. Halsey. Mrs.
V. Latham, C. H. Lawson and wif*. Mason S.
Stcne and wife. A. H. Warnecke. Mrs- A. H
"VVamecke and Infant. -:"-V...'-'
Time and Height of HJgh and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San, Francisco
Bay. Vubltehed by official authority of the
¦ Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MUsion-street wharf) about 25
minutes late r than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. OCTOBER 20.
Pun rises 6:21
Bun sets 5:24
Moon sets 2:42 a. m.
C | Time! ITimel ITimeT" jTimel
» I 1 Ft. ! j Ft 1 [Ft. [ 1 Ft.
• |l w| |h w| !l .w| jh w| -
20 2:27 .1.21 9:1S 5.2! 3:09 l.B! 8:19 4.4
21 8:0S 1.3| 9:4$ 5.113:47 1.D1U:H) 4.ti
22 3:38 1.6 10:17 5.l| 4:21 1.1 10:50 4.«
23 4:13 1.8110:42 5.1 1 4:5:; 0.8 11:32 4.6
24 4:45 2.0)11:02; 5.2 5:25! O.5|
H W IL, W |h W JL. W|
25 0:14 4.5 5:17 2.2:11:2s! 5.2| 6:td 0.2
26 0:56 4.4| 6:50- 2.5jll:55| 5.3) 6:42J 0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tide* are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of. the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. ¦ The plane of reference is the mean
of- the lower low waters.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. Oct. 18.
Stnsr Celia, "Smith. 16 h:ur« from Albion.
Stmr Aurela Ericsson. V2 hours from Port
land.
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen. 24 hours from Bureka.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Strr.r Geo L<ocmls. Badrer. 38 hours from
RefJoado.
Br itmr Stanley Dollar, Bruce, 1» days from
Yokohama.
£tmr y A Kilburn. Thompson, 7 hours from
i Port Rodcers. - . \ . Wtaatp
Stmr Montara, Reilly. 77< hours from Ana
ccrtee. • — --¦- — »
£tmr Navarro, Jacobs, 20 hours from West
port. * ¦ . -
£tmr Alcatrax, CHsen. 13 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Gualala, Kalr.in, 17 hours from Byz
bees Landir;.
Stmr San Jose, Brown. 20 days and 21 hours
from Ancon. etc. via Mazatlan & days and 21
hours.
Stmr Greenwood. WaJvlsr, 19 hours frcm
Hardy Creek.
Stmr Marrte, Eagles. 4 hours from Half
xnooa Bay.
CLEARED.
Wednesday Oct. 19.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Ccast Steamship Cciriar.j-.
Mtr.r State of California, Iceland. San Di'jro
and way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany.
Jap stmr America Maru, Goinx. Hongkong,
Shanghai. Nagasaki, Kobe and Yokohama, via
Honolulu: W H Avery. aicent.
Stmr Harold Dollar. Thwlns, Petropeulov
ikl: Roth. Blum & Co.
Ger stmr Nlcana. Rubarth. Haxnburt* and
way ports; J D Soreckels A: Brcs Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday. Oct. 19. .
£tmr Breakwater. Seaman. Coos Bay.
Stmr F A Kilburn, Themrson, Port Rodger*.
Stmr Uacrie. Eagles. Halfmoon Bay.
gtmr U W Elder. Randall. Astoria.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendoclno.
Stmr Brocklyn, Carlson, Mecdoclno.
Jr.r, stmr America Maru. Going, Honolulu.
Yokohama and Hongkong.
Strer Pomona. Swanson. Eureka. . .
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Sin-.r Harold Dollar. Thwing. PetropaulovskL
6tmr Brunswick. K!le:««n. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gualaia. Kalr.in. Delmar.
Schr Marr C, Campbell. Bodega.
&chr John G North. Gastrom. Port Gamble.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen. htewarts Point.
SPOKEN.
No date— Lot 3. lent SS W, Br ship Mara
thon, hence June 16 for Liverpool.
Oct 4 — Lat 47 N, long 10 W, Br ship Argns,
from Antwero. for San Francisco.
RETURNED.
Oct 19 — Etnir Harold Dollar, hence to-day for
Petropaulovski. on account of windlass being
out of order; will proceed on Oct 20.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBO3. Oct 19. 10 » m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH — Passed .out Oct 19 — Br ehip
Halewood. from. Vancouver, for Callao; ship
J B Tbomai. from Port Townsend. for Sydney.
Pasred in Oct 19 — Schr J II Lunemann, from
Hakodate, for British Columbia.
Passed out Oct Id — Schr Camano. for Port
Gamble, for San Francisco: Chil bark Ema
Lulsa. from Pert Blakeley. for Valparaiso.
I'aseed in Oct 19 — Stmr Umatilla. h»nce Oct
17 for Victoria and Puret Sound ports.
> PORT ANGELES— Sailed Oct 19— Ital ehip
I Italia, for Port Towraend.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 18— Stmr Francis
H Leggett, hence Oct 17. Oct 19 — Stmr San
Pedro, hence Oct 17; stmr South Bay, henc«
Oct 17.
Sailed Oct 19 — Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 19 — Strar Scotia,' hence Oct 17.
REIX)NDO — Arrived Oct 19 — Stmr Centralla,
hence Oct 17. and sailed for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct IS — Stmr Garonne.
from Notre: stmr Asuncion, hence Oct 14. Oct
19 — Jap stmr Kanacawa Maru. from Victoria-
Sailed Oct 19 — Stmr Humboldt. for Skag
way.
NOME— In rcrt Oci 9— Stmr Olymoia. from
Seattle: stmr St Paul, hence, Set* 27.
ASTORIA — Sailed Oct 19 — SUnr Whlttler,
for , San FrancUco: bktn Fullerton, for San
Francisco. In tow of stmr WbJttler.
' Arrived Oct 19 — Schr Andy Mahoney from
IEan Pedro.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed Oct 18, midnlsht—
Stmr Greenwood, for San Francisco.
• PORT HARFORD— Arrived Oct 19— Stmr
j Santa Crux, for San Pedro; stmr Bonlta, from
I Ean Pedro ; wtmr Coos Bay, hence Oct 18.
¦ Sailed Oct 19 — Stmr Bonlta. for San Fran-
I Cisco ; jjtmr Coos Bay, for San Pedro.
I PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Oct 19— Schr Se-
I home, for Ean Francisco.
j PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 19— Ital ship
k Italia, from Hiogo.
' Sailed Oct 19— Nor stmr Tellua. for Taku. .'
I PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Oct 19— Schr
Challenger, from Roche Harbor. -
. SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 19— Schr Caroline,
for UmoQua IUver.
t SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 19 — Stmr Samoa,
hence Oct 17;bktn Chaa F Crocker, from Ta-
Sailed Oct 19— Schr Jeasie Minor, for Grays
Harbor. -'*"*«iS><s*«* i^" si JB»)»*A«*<aHP>«sH
SOUTH BE.VD- Arrive* Oct 19— Stmr Se
quoia, haedc* Oct IB.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrive* Oct 19 — Br stmr Mio
wera. from Brisbane, for British Columbia;
stmr Mongolia, hence Oct 13 for Tokohoma
and Hongkong. _
Sailed OCt 19 — Stmr Alameda, for San Fran
cisco. &JSBHHH'SaBBHMBsiMB0MSSSMBjHMBBJMBSJM3^)|«a<H
EABTEKN PORTS. —,-f - '-
NEW YORK— :S»iled Oct 18— Stmr Finance,
for Colon. ¦^WWP^w
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Oct
IS — £h!p A G Ropes, from Philadelphia, for
Hongkong. •-•• ' : : • -->..-,
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct IS— Ship
Aryan, from Honolulu, i
¦ x - - -¦ FOBEIGK : PORTS.- - t \
\nCTORlA— Arrived Oct IS— Jap itar Kana
gawa Maru, from Yokohama. -
SHIPPING IXXELLJGENCE.
The Japanese steamer America Maru, which
sailed yesterday for Hongkong: and way ports
via Hcaolulu. carried merchandise for Japan,
valued at SS3.SM. and a email cargo for
Chica, valued at f£2ti3. The foUowin* were
the leading shipments: - ¦- ¦
To Japan— *53.922 lbs pi* lead, 906.245 lbs
tan bark. l,:35.10«.> lbs nitrate of sod,a. 14,500
lb> eu«.-ar, 2C00 lbs raUina, 42 pkgs ammuni
tion. OUO rals wine. -5 c* champagne, 2 cs
whisk}-, 65 bales leather, 120 lbs hops, 1 pks
machinery. SO bxs soap. 1 pkc* dry roods, 3
pkss bicycles. ...'..
To Cnlca— 12.500 lbs pearl barley. 101 pk*s
fresh fruiu. 2122 lbs etareh, 10 pkgs pipe fit
tings, 2 pkgs machinery. I cs boots and. shoes,
1 rkg dry goods, 1 pkgs plumbing material.
The steamer also carried 75 pkgs fresh
fruits, valued at $94, en route to . Manila,
Philippine Islands.
Exports for the Orient.
yesterday for Petropanlorskl with a small
catxo, valued at $3443. and Including: the
folio wine: 375 bbls flour, 10.000 lbs sugar,
SO.O00 lbs salt. 4000 lbs rice. 1200 lbs lard.
2000 lbs pearl barley. 2600 lbs tobacco, 10O
cs coal oil. SO cs matches, 80 bxs candles, 20
bxs soap.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Contradicting
that of all other witnesses who. have
told of the death of Miss Bertha pol
beer was the testimony to-day of J.
Edward Smith, a hotel detective.^ He
appeared before Robert .P. Lee, the
commissioner who. Is taking deposi
tions for the San Francisco court in
which relatives of Miss Dolbeer are
contesting her will.
Smith was a witness for the contest
ants who are trying to prove that Miss
Dolbeer committed suicide, which, they
maintain, Justifies the presumption that
she was insane' and therefore mentally
Incapable of disposing of her property-
Miss ' \V\rren, at the previous hear
ing, testified that she had emerged
from the room which she and the
young 'woman occupied just as Miss
Dolbeer was ..disappearing .from the
window in the corridor. She saw Miss
Dolbeer's feet as they were slipping
from the sill. . Detective Cornelius Sul
livan of the x West Thirtieth street po
lice station deposed that Miss Warren
had told him the samestory. _ ' ..
Smith flatly, contradicted the Sullivan
report of the interview. with Miss War
ren, at which both men were present.
j "Miss Warren told me," sc.J the ho
tel detective, "that she had been in the
room with Miss Dolbeer; that Miss
Dolbeer complained she was ill on ac
count Of the heat and went into the
corridor. Miss Warren said she saw
Miss Dolbeer open the .window herself,
step on the sill and Jump." /
Smith's statement- was assailed by
D.' Frank Lloyd of this city and E. H.
Carroll of San" Francisco, counsel for
the executors. When Smith's atten
tion was called to the testimony of
Miss Warren arid of Sullivan he per
sisted that his recollection could - not
be at fault. < ;^~/ ;
This story was seized upon by the
contestants as strengthening their the
ory of suicide, for the act of throwing
up the window sash showed, in their
opinion, that the » young: . woman had
intended to take her own life.' . . "-,".
The taking of further depositions was
postponed until Friday morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Arrayed Against All Other
Witnesses in Describing
the Young Woman's Death
ilton. Mrs. \V. F. Hall, Mrs. M. Heathccte,
Miss E. Hearr. W. J. Hill and wile. Dr. J.
"VV. Homer. J. A. Klnsella. Miss M. Lacy,
Ivor _:. v - : Alfred Lchenstein, R. McClin
tnj; K. McCray, wife and two children; J.
Nicol, Siiai B Ni-jol. J. P. Richardson and
»-lf^. Mikf Richardson, P. L. Roblneoo and
wi>. Mrs. B. Schafner. E. H. Tubbs. J. H.
Turland. S. Cbakata, T. J. Cndf-rMIl, Mr.
WakefkM. Ml5 S R. 'Ul S ratrj. J. Bradshaw and
MKe. M^i. S. Eve and two children, L. C.
Onewcld, N. Faddy and wife, G. D. Garrin,
31. Flti-Hannan and wife. Miss Fltx-Hannan.
%V. Holyoake. H. L. Jcn*«. P. Kelly and wife,
Mrs. J. Uolb. G. Lindir.an. Un. M. Matthe
een. Mies Matthes^n. William V'H»n and wife,
M^» A. MUlan. Miss .B. MUIan. T. L. Miller!
Miss E. Mitchel). iliss J. Noone. Dr. E. L.
OJfileld tad wire. Mrs. M. A. Trembath. F.
%VorkEa.a. M.t. f~.ir.tor.
To Join a: Honolulu for Pajo Papo ar>d
Eydney— R. E2*<-1. G. Kusst. Rev. R. H.
Urldfe, J. M. Fuller. Rer. J. Grace, F. H.
Koum, G. W. Skinner. G. W Hklnaer Jr.
Two Oceanic liners will sail from Pa
cific street wharf to-day bound over
the Pacific for the southwest. The
Mariposa will leave at 11 a. m. for Ta
hiti direct and the Ventura departs for
Honolulu, IV;j Pago, Auckland and
Sydney at 2 p. m. The Ventura take-?
aa unusually large car^o and passenger
list. The following is the cabin list:
For Honolulu— llrs. A. W. Anderson. W. S.
BfcrtieU, P. C. Iiuz2t.ll and wife. A. L. Bar-
Ton. H. li. BUndirx Mrs. J. Carnegie. Miss
M. M. Carter. W. li. Caj»ile. Un. D. Center
fcntf child His. A. F. Cock. L»avid D«vl«. B.
I". Duiin^haia W. L. Fraaee and wire. Mrs.
6. Frear A. J. Girnaux and -Rife. Mr*. C. C.
von Haif.tr. Mr*. C. Hayseldep. Mrs. E. L.
Hopper, illss Hopper. C. C. Kennedy. F. S.
K-.i.-:-.'. and w.fe, l'.obert Lcwers. C. D. Lufkln
avnd wife. Dr. J. T. McDonald. Mrs. E. Neu
marr... -Miss Nfuauia, Misa Pearl Noble. Mr.
Farfcon5. F. H. r-.urr.mtr and wife Mra J.
T. lVait. Mies C. Pratt, Mr. Ri«» "and wife.
:•'..-- Alice .."•;. J. M. RubensUin. Albert
H.usse:i; ilrs. H. A. Weiss, tnraat and nurse;
Dr. \Y. C. V. i>. L. H.. Wolfe; Alexander
Your*. wi> and icaid; Misa Touss. Master
Young. F. J. Bertrand. W. X. Boye«. Mr». L.
S. Udrards. J. J. liair. J. C. Johnston. George
UoCubbin. Henry MuU^r: H. J* Rosa wife
and cfcili; H. E. O. Sahlman. Mra. H. StlU
we'.l.
For Paro Paco— A. Heidlen. R. J. Webster,
C. O. VTblte. Charles Lailathaa. W. A- Porter.
For Auckland — Mr*. C. F. Atklnsca and
chili. J. Butler. O. V. Davtes, Thorcis Devaa.
H. J. Edciistoti. P. M. Hansen Mrs. J. R.
JilU. K. N. Hop*. Mr. i.>o:.« and wife. J.
llt-Certhv. Rev. W. H. Mahoney. S. Mawler,
Mrs. Mawley. G. Mawley. H. Mawley W. L*
Meek and wife. Mrs. A. J. Taylor and child.
Percy F. V.-aJl. A. E. WlIMtt and wife. John
Karon. Harvey Booth E - C Chef-win O.
Btssa. A. D. Ri!ey. J. A. Socthwlck, Mrs. B.
Ktevenson. A B. Taylor. A«* TajrJor, E. J.
Vauffcn. XcUon Wrljrht.
For Eydney — J. Coilins. R. Collins. Mra. Col-
Iiae, Mlt* M. Collins. Jaraee Cook, Mrs. T. A.
O-ell'n: D*rbs«hire. wife. Infant and
rr.a'.d; Master Darbyrtilre. J. Da.ris and wife.
Miss Davis, Guctave Dawe, A> J. Duncan,
"W. K. Fialoy and «ire. Mrs. Fenwlck Ham-
ONE AIDS CONTESTANTS
Differing Testimony Given
by Two Detectives in
the Dolbeer Will Case
Oceanic Liner Mariposa Sails for Tahiti, and the Ventura
Will Leave for Honolulu and the Antipodes To-Day.
TELL STORIES
THAT CONFLICT
AMERICA MARU DEPARTS WITH CONTRABAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, ¦ THURSDAY^ OCTOBER 20; 1901:
11
/>J(<Trr>)T\ toanivoat
j?^^^2j SAN FBANCI8CO.
(root n jt», kOT street.) ¦
" AT » - MAIN LINE. -AmarJT*
74)0* Vacavllle. Wtatera. Ram»«jr .. 7 50»
7 COa B'olcla. Klmlra aad Saerameaw.. 720»
7 30a Va:i«jo. Napa. CaUstoga. 6aaU - ->
Koaa. Martlaea, Saa Baaoa. ..„ 6.2tJ»>
7.MU Snea. Tracy. LaUtrop, siockroa.... 7-20#
8 00a Shasta Bxpnm — ( V!» ¦ Darla >.
Wtniamt, Wlllowa. -trrata. Ked
BlaT. PorUaad. Tacoma. SeacUa 7.S0» '
. I QUA Davis. Woodland. Kntsnts LaaJlat
¦¦¦ Marytrllle. Orovllio u *7«50»».
6-30a Fort Coata. Martinez, Andoco.
Byron. Traer, Stockton. New-
man. Lot Baaoe. Meadota. • ';
Armona. Haaford. Yl«»llv
Portervine ......~ ; €JgQm *
I 30 a Pots Coata. Mode a to. Merced.
Fresno. Goaaen JaaeUoa, Baa>
for *- Vtaalla. 6akert9«l<t 4.KO '
8 30 a >••:•», Saa Joae, Llvermore. StocX-
ton. (tMiltoa>, lose, Sacramento* ' "
MarysTllle. CaJca. Red BUff .... ¦ 4.M»> •
8 30 a Okkdale. Chtaea*. Jaaesurws, So*
nora. Taolnaae and Aagel* ..... 4-za»
8 COa a t Ian tie Expreaa— Ogdea aad East. 8-20* ¦
840a Rtchmcnd. Marttaes aad Way
Statloaa •53*
10 00a Th* Overland Limited — Ofdaa.
- ¦ - Omaha. Chicago, Dearer, Kasiis
City. St. Loul» ~ 820*
10C0A Vallejo 12.M* .
lOCOALot Angeles Paaaenf er — Ton v.,'^'
Costa. Martlnex. Byron, Traey, .
I.athrop. Stockton. Merced,
Raymond. Fresno. Goah*n Jaao-
ttoa. Banford, Lemoore. YLaalla. •.
Bakenfleld. Loa Angelea ....... 7.29»
12-OCm Bayward. Ntles aad Way SuUobi. 5-20*
t140P Sacramento Rtver 9:e«tner»» tl 1. 00^
3-3QP Benleta, Wtntera. S«erma«fa:o.
Woodland. Knlrhu Laadln?.
M»ryjTl!!e. OrorUIe tad way
staUona '3 52*
WO»Hayward,Ifn«* and Way Stations.. . 7 50 » '
4 CCp Uart!aex.9aa R«inon.V»;if Jo.Kapa, -"
. _. Callato«a.6anukBo»a. „ .5-25*
4-00P suh. Traer. Stoektoa. Lodl - 13-20 a
4 30PHayward. NUea. Irvtngtoa, Ban I t* 50*
Jose. Uvennore | 11 1.53a
t&Gr The Owl Limited— Kevnun. Lot . . :
¦ " lunu*. MT.ao'a. fresno. Tu'»ra,
Bakertfield.LosAngaies M 8.50a
IS 30«» Harward. N J!et aad ban Jose ..... 7-20* '
8-C3P Hajward. SIlea and Saa Jo««. t-SA*
5 OOp Eaatern Ezpreaa— Omana. Chicago,
Denver. Kansas City. St. Lonja,
Martloea. Stoektoa. Sacramenu\
Coifax. Reno. BparkJ, Toaopab,
Kee'er, Osden 12-50*
I.COp Tal!e]o, dally, except dand*r.... '. 7 so*
7-OCp Vallejo. Sunday oaly f i0B '
7 COP blchrnoad. Saa Pablo. Port Coata.
MarttiMS and Way Sutioot 11 Z3A
SOSp Port Coata, Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. Latarop. Modtito.
Merced. - Berenda. Kreas« a&d .
Way Stations beyond Rots Coata 12-23*
l4)SP,To«emtte Valley, via Bereada aad
Wawona ()ceaday ( Wedaesday
• ¦ snd Friday) „.. t-50*
845pMarttnez.Traey. Stoekum 13 20a
' 8-Q5P Oregon A California Kzpreta— Sa» '.3QM
rurarnto. MaryavlUe. Redd!ns^
Portland. Pugat Soond and Kaat. t-SOA
S.10P Bar want. 2>llea and San Jo»e (iaa-
day oaly) 11 80a
COAST LINE (-1arr.wWa.ft).
(Foot ot MariCft Street.)
8-1 8a Newark. Oanterville. Saa Joae,
Felton. Boalder Creek. Santa
Cms aad Way Stattoaa S S3*
12-ISp Newark. CenterslIIo. Saa Joa«,
>"«» Aln>aJea.Lo* Gau>a.l*«ltoa,
Boalder Creek. Santa Crux and
Prlnelpai Way Station* tIO-SSa
4.15p Stwarx. Saa Jote. Los Gatos... \
c9 3Cp Huaren' Trala (Saturday only)—
gin Joae acrt Way S;at:on« t7.25»
COAST LINE tUruail fcAinct).
(JT~ ( I alnl tau lu»a>enil atr-en.)
6-IOa, 8»n Jote and Way 3t»tlona..*...._ ¦ 8>3a»
7 COA Sao Joie aad Wav Stations 5 40s»
8 COa X«w Alsiaden crcei.. Triii.. only). 4-13*
• ¦00a The Coaster— 3aa Jose. 8a Its aa.
6aa Ardo, Pmo Roblet. Sanu
Margarita. ,>*n Lata Oblspot '
Gaadatap*. Oartota, Santa Bar- - . -
bara. San Buenaventura. Moa-
talvo. Oxnartt, Barbank. Loa
Angelea -10-30*
SCOAGilroy, Uolliater. Caatroville. D«l
Monte, Paciac GroTe. Sarf. Lota-
poc ,.\.. 13-30p
8.C0a San Jote. Tre* Piaoa-WaUonTfll*.
CipllyU. banta Cms. Paeld«
Grove. Sa!tnaa San Luis Obiapo ¦ " -
aail Prlsctp*: Way SuUona. _ 4.13»
10J0A San Joie and Way Swilunt........ o I.ZOp ¦
II 30a Saa Joae and Way SLattooa. ....... . 7-309 >
. 2-1&P *an Joae and Way Stauona • 8-JiA
J4H5P Del ilonie Kxpreas— Santa CUw . --«,;
Jam. 6«n Joae. Walioa » I ilf. i-.isia
Cms. Del Monte. Moa terey. '
Pacific Gr>Te ...-¦...«"l2-15»
13-OOp LoaGatoi. Wri-^bl. Boalder Creek." —
<»=:» Craz. il% Santa Clira aai
Narrow Gange - t10-45A
8-SOp Valrnda 9t^ Soutb. San Fraactsco,
Barlinganse. San Joae. Gtlroy.
H ol Hater. Tre* Plno«.;.. ;... tO-4 1 «A
4 30p s aa Joie «nd Way Stattont. ....... 'tS-OQA
tS-flOP Santa tiara. Han Jo*e. Lot u*to«.
! and pr.3et?al Waj Statlona rex- '
eept.Suaday) .-. rS-00%
j |5-S0p Baa Joar and Pr!n«!pi>rWay Station* ',9.40a
1 (4SP&nnset Espma.— Kedwood. Saa
Joie, Gllr«y.Satl3a».I-Bao Uoble*.
Ean Lais OWI*tm>, ?anta Barbara
Loa Ai'e» ••. t>«-f»!nr. KI P«*a. • ?
St.Ij>ui«. Va«Or!»»s«. N»>wT<Tt •!•.
IUSp Pajaro. Wstceaviilev, Cunltoij. -
. S sata Crnz. CMtrovtUe. Del
- Monte. Paelfle Grove.. io 30»
18-ISp eacila(eo,Ber?sforJ,Beimoni.9an
Carlo*. U»4wond. fair Oaks.
MenloPark. PaJo Alto............ r8.41*.
• MpSaaJose and Way otatlont „ 333«
I^Op P*:<j Alto and M ay SiaUons Iu.1 j*
1 1 Mf S oatb arwi > raneitco, M Jl ibri -. Bar
llni>*BM. Saa Mates, Bclaioak
... . 6an Ca*K>». Redwoud. 7*lr Oxka.
Menla Park, tad Palo Alia t&Aa*
•1130= M*y field. MooataJn View. <o-ny rv^Tr
» «>. Lawreaee. Santa Clara tnJ
ganJo— „_ «.45f
A tor Morning. P for Aiteraoo*.
1 Bandar exceffl t «n r-i \ r onlr
*¦ Satnrday oaly. » Monday oaly.
Sbu.93 at all ttatloas on Saadaj.
i^fgi^^j" To SAN RAFAEL
! |^^0|O ROSS VALLE'f.
g^^^^^^! MILL VALLEY.
CAZADERO, cki
vSDaidi^^T^St' Tla Szasallto Terry
SUBURBAN' EKRVICE. STAiilXAKD QACCX.'
Depart ttam San PraneUca dally, at T7:©i
iSsaV -•:!*.- -'-M. i:3 °- T:l3w 9:0 ° **• "£»
' at San rranclseo; dally, at 19;^'
Ms! »:«i »:*i «:=• « :i "- * : *» ** IU&
P 'tSlly excent Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily., at .7:44 a. m. : also 8* u
urdayi at 3:15 P. «-. aad dally ax«pt SataX
JiTaBd Sunday at 8O4 p. m. . .
-THROUGH TRAIX3.
T : ai a. m. telly — Caxadero and way — »tn-.
»:1» p- Q-. Satsrdays oaly — For C*«4^
etc -flnfriMslgtpWtW8BH'*<Wsjp*as^SSBjaaABjBjjp«sMBja^l
6:13 p- «.. dally, except satarday aa4 Suav
daw* '¦ for Tomale«, etc
TiCKTT OrriCE-«30 Mark.t sC . -\
FERRT— Uctoei l>pot. fuot of Market at.-/.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT »T. KataMtsbed
In 1954 tor toe treatment of Privat*
Diarmaes. Lost M an nood. DebUl ty or i
ttlM>ae<> weartn*oii body aad mind and
8ktnDlii,<»ei Tae Doctor car— when .
4tn«r» tall.- Try Man. Charf-« tow.
«?¦¦¦» tr»meanal«*; at. C»!lor writ*.
•nr. Jl. P. iJIBBOX. Baa rraadaea. CaL'aaKBH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ - j ~-<r ; -
LOOK THE WORLD OVtR-j
your part of it, and ours, and )
you'll find few laundries to beat |
this one. We're modest. WE [
think not one touches it in every j
good quality a first-class laundrj* j
ought to have. n
Try ifonce.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MABXET STREET.
Talephone South '430.
OCEAN TRAVEX.
Steamen leave Broadway
/C5*^it\ wharveaj (pler» 9 and 11),
fftxl -'¦ "^^|\ San Francisco:
/Q/?fe*«h| \A\ For Ketchlkan. Wran«f!.
I f Vt*ivl-| I Juneau. Treadwells. Hair.es.
V \ \Vwfla / / Ekagw^y. etc.. Alaska— 11
TO."\rntf/ a.- m.. .October 12. 17. 22. 27.
" XSr^JLi-ioy* Nov. 1. Change to ttls ccra-
xJ^filtC't/^ pany's *tsamers at Seattle.
'. For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
South Bellina-ham. Belltngham — 11 a. m.. Oct.
12. * IT - 22. 27. Nov. . 1. Change at Seattle to
tins company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Rv. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. • P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For ; Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:20
; p. m., 1 October 13. 19. 23. 31. Nov. 6. * Corona.
; 1 :30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 1«. 22. 2$, Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Aniceki and
Redondo) San Diego - and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays/ » a. m.
State of Calif ornia,» Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San ; Pedro - and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara; Santa Cru*. Mcn-
; terey, San Simeon. Cayuco*, Port Harford (San
' Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme. . . ;
1 Bontta. 9 a. m.. October 14. 22. 30." Nov. 7.
1 Coo» Bay. 9 a. m., October 10. 18, 26. Nov. 3.
For Enseaada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo,' Maratlan. Altata. La 1 . Paz." SanU , Ro-
salla. Guayroas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. :Tth each mo.
| For further 'information obtain folder. -Right
i is reserved to change eteamer* or sailing dates.
TICKET OITICES — 4 New . Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.-.and Broad-
way wharves. Preiarat Office 10 Market st.
' G.D " DUN ANN, : General j Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. ' :
• The Paclnc-Trar..«fer. Co., 20 Sutler st... will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone - Exchange 312. r,
S S. MARIPOSA.- for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
8.** S." VENTUBA.. for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, < Oct. 20. 2 p. m.
8 8. . ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 29,11 a.m.
J.D.SP1ECIELS k B203. (M., iZtl.HClLJt 02C8 543 Wl-
jbl V.riglgHt Gflce 329 MailBiSL. -Plg.7 t -. Pacils >: f
C0KPA85IB SEHSXILI TBiNSlT-^r-ilJi
DIRECT. LINE: TO "HAVRE-PARIS ir^»__.
gallic* every Thuraday Inatead at 4Tt«S^>
" Eaturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -
- North i River, foot ! of Morton iCihhM|
Ftnt claaa to Havre, $70 and upward. 8e«.
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. OKN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATZS AND
CAN ADA. f at t Broadway j (Hudaca «* bmildlngV
NtwTork. J. F. t FUG AZI 'A CO.r Padae Oaaat ;
AgenU. B Montgomery I avenue. Saa I Frandaoa,
. Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agvata, - -
H LIMITED TO CHICAnCH
H" IEATES MONDAYS ind TH0RSD1TS
K at 9:30 s. m~. thxough la 3 d»T".H
H with dlaer and all trapvlxun. \i
Other SaaU F» Trains t
»-30 at ml I Ior Stockton. Presno. Bakenflatd.
b'.vo p. m.j Merced. Haatortt aad VUaiU.
4:00 pi m. for Stockton. •* :'*96|lE
8:00 p. m. (or Kaaaas City. Ormad Canyom aa4
Chlcajro. - . >
TICKET OFFICSS — 641 Maxktt St. aa*
. Ferry Depot. S. 7. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 Soutix first 6t,
Saa Josa.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlburoa Perry— Foot of SlarJtit Stxtat.
SAH 7SA3TCXSCO TO SAH ttATAEt.
WEEK DATS — 7:3«. 9:uu. ll:iju a. m.: Vi.Ji.
3:20. 3:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday a — Extra trlai
at 11:30 t. m. -
Eatnrdajrs— Extra trio at 1:30 aad 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS— S:VQ. »:30. 11:00 a. o.; 1:3a 3:30.
t-00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EATAEI TO SAN 7SAHCXSCO,
WttK UAl'b — tt:0S. J:3o. a:3u. 11:1)
a. ,m.; 12:30. 3:40. S:0O. 3:a> p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at t:0& and <S:15 &. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O, »:40. 11:13 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
4:00. 5:00. 6:33 p. m. -
- Leava . In £Seet I * A rrtva
Saa Francisco. lOct. 2. 19O4.| San Franctaeo.
Week t Ssun- I ' I Saa- t Week
Days. | days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
l:3Oam| a:ooam »:lttam S:*0aa
9:50am Ixnaelo 10:40am 10:20aa
tJOpm 3:30pm 8:0Apm 6:^0pin
6:10pm) 3:faOpm| 7:35pm
T^Oam - * • »:I0am S:40am
8:00am 'Norato • 10:40am 10:2i»ja
1 :30pm 9:30am Petalurna « :05pm «:2Opa
6:10pm 3:30pm and .¦ 7:33pm ' .-
- . a:OOpm Santa Roam --¦ ¦- ¦
1:80am 10:40om 10:3Oam
8:00am Faltoa ¦ 7;33;un 0:2O;m
1 :3Opm 8 :3Opm •
j ,'¦¦¦¦--..' ¦ Windsor 1
T:SCa= 8:C0ans HeaKsbnrr 10:40am 10:20am
Lyttoa
t:S0pm S :30pm Geysenrllle T:S3pm « :50pm
I ¦ Clovcrdal*
7:30aml »:00arn' Hopland ll0:40am)10:20am
> 8:30pmf 3-JOpml and UkUh I 7:35pm| e:2Optn
I I "V'llllts and I I
T:30aml 8 :00am [ Sherwood | 7 :33pm 1 *:aonm
T:S0aml 8:00am| |10:40am;i0:2Oara
1 :30pm i 3:30pm| Gnerr.eville I 7:33pm| 8:20pm
T:3Oaml £:G0am) Sonoma I 0:luam; &:40am
6:10pm[ 6:00pmt -Glen Elleo 1 « :03pm { 0t20pm
7:30aml 8:0Oam| U0:40am;i0:20«ra
8:3Opm! 3:3O?m| Sfbastopol | ~:3Zpm\ « :20pm
STAGES connect at Gre*n Brat for S*a
Quentln: at Santa Rosa- for -Whit* Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lyttoa tot
Lytton Springs: at Oeyserville for Skasz«
Eprlnss: at Cloverilale for the Geysers. Booa?-
ville a&d Greenwood; at HoDtand for Duacia
SprlnKs, Highland Springs. KelseyrlUe. Carla-
! bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-port. Bart!»tt
1 Eprings and Lak» Co. Hot Springs: at ITidaa
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Sprints. BM»
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Sprta**. Up-
per Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. Joba Day's.
' Riverside. Lierly's. BuckneU's. Sanbedria
; Heights. Hullville. Orr*a Hot Springs. Halfvay
I House. Comptche. - Hopkins. ¦ Mendoclno City.
; Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal : at Wltlits
icr Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood for Far:
Bragg. Cahtoi. Covelo. Laytonviiu. Cum-
1 inlngs Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit,
land. Dyer, GarbervtUe. Camp 5. Pcppervocd.
Bcctia and Eureka.'
Saturday to Monday rountf- trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all polau
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of lice. 650 Market street. Cnroolcl*
building .
JAd. L. FRA2IEK, . R. X. RTAN.
Oea. liaaager. Gsa. Pass. Art-
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
~ 8:25a fSvSS^a 1:30^ »1O:50a
9:50a 9:50a C*«^xa^ «:65f 3:531"
l'-Vs'p" i';45p y&ggy' claap ""a:'a27
Sa-dnUTs 4:33p >&5^ 8»tari»Tt ll:12p
»Tia CraTiry Car V BXtaaMiyaistaMiaTaaay ;
TICIR } 650 Makkxt St.,( North Shore RailroadJ
VTICIS I and SACSAUTO Feuy. Foot Market SC
OCEAN TRAVEL
AMERICAN UXTE.
Plvmouth — Caerbcnrsr — Southampton.
¦ From New York. Saturday, -9:30 a. m.
St.'-Paal........Oct. 29'»Flnland.Nor. 12. 10am
Philadelphia ...Nov. 3! New York Nov. 19
¦Calling . at Dover for . London and Paris.
ATLANTIC T2AHSPOBT ZJ5Z.
' .* Hew York — £o~adcn Street.
j M?saba.Oct. £9. 10 amllllnneap'.Nov. 12. S am
i Mnseh.Nov.S. 3:"O pmlilninnee.Nov. 19. 9 am
Bovnnon iiiisrE. .
1 Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passago.
Dcmlnton Oct. £9A*ancorjver Nov. S
Canada Nor. 12
bed stab inn:. ,,
" New Tork — Antwerp — London — Paris.
'Callinc: at Dover for London and ParSn. *
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m. '
Krocnland Oct. 29 Finland ... Nov. 12
Zeeland Ncv. . 3 Vaderland .... Nov." 19
WHITE STAB LINE.
ITew Tork — Queenstowa — Liverpool.
Sailing —
Celti? Oct. 2S. 7 n:ra.\ Oceanic. Nov. 16. noon
Baltic.... Nov. 2.- noon; Majestic. Nov. 23. 10am
Cedrte. .'.Nov. 8, 10 am 'Baltic. Nov. 30, 11 am
i Boston— Qneenstown — Z>tverpooL
Crmrtc. - . . - .....:..".... .November IT
HZV TOBX A2TTJ BOSTOV. OXBSCT
To the Mediterranean!
VI* Azores, Gibraltar, STavles. Genoa.
FROM NEW -YORK.
CRETIC..:.Nov. 3." Dec. -12. .Feb. '4. March 18
REPUBLIC. ....... -..Dec 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 25
.FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC. .Oct- 29." r>?c. 10. Jan. 2S. liar. 11
CANOPIC.......... -.Xtr\-. 19.. Jan. 7. Feb. 18
C D. TAYLOR.. Passenger Agent Pacific Ccast.
-.- ~ 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO
STEAMER itU CORCORAN
Leaves. S. F.. Clay st.. N end of Ferry bSJg
dally- 9:30 a. m.. S and »3 p. ra. Suadayv
9-JO a. m- S p. in., leave Vallejo daily 9:54
a. m.. 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. 'Sundays 3 p. m.
Fare 23c. P. A. G. Co. Phon* Mais 841. ,
•Saturdays exeepted.- " "-. :
Por TT. S. 2favy Tard ana "Vallejo,
¦ Strs. General Friable, Montlcello and Arrow,
8:45 a. m.. 12: SO p.m.. 3:15 p.m., t» p.m., 3:30 p.
m. '-¦ Leave San 'Frasclaco Sundays -9:45 a.m.,
12:3i» p.m.. 6 p.m.. • :3m pm. "- Leave V*Kejo. t
a.m.. 9 a-m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 4p.m.<aa-
lUyi. I «.m.. 8 a.m.. 3:2O pm.. » p.m. Pl«r X
. ft. MlMioa st. ; phone Mala 1908. HATCH BKOtJ
__ . - ' ..' RAILWAY TRAVEIj. ' "_ " - .._'
MS AND RETURN \\
ME Round-trip tickets on sale on certain dates via ail
*BS the'thicago, Union Pacific and North-Western ||
I Line from Saa Francisco, Los Angeles and other 11
HE California points. Two fast trains daily; includ- iff
|| ing the famous electric-lighted Overland Limited, ||
11 solid through train, less than three days to BB
Wa Chicago, over the only double-track railway MM
the Missouri River to Chicago. . SB
Wkcboice of routes RETURNING VIA ST. LOUIS if ******* MB
pennhtiag vbit to the Louisiana Purchase Expc3ition.^^y
The Best of EVtrythinx. Jwlw
<@k^k **"« laforasttfoo. S>ol!ets, mips, tlae schrda!«». ilaepiay cf, J&H*
Z^^B^ rtsertitiont, tickets, etc.. ca appltcatson. /yjBWW^Bt.
AZUFPfSi^^Sfti *• k* irrcHiE. eevi *jt p«ei«e Coait. c * m.-w. _(<"_4^_h?i 'iin^
ygggjjjggCSpyi 81? Mtrket Street. Palate Hatel. _/&^/W I '1$ H I l7»JTHE SAN ¦.".ERANGlSGOiiCALL',;.. T.HURSbAYi&O.GTQBER =0, '. 1904.
12
FREE — YOU P CHOICE Of Willl LiaHTN ING BREAD AN D CAI1Q
YOUR CHOTrF OF TWO ARTICLES
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
TZp] HE Nut Set consists of Six Highly Plated Steel Picks and One Strong Nut Crack.
1 The Bread and Cake Knife is unequaled by any other knife on the market. It is
1 the best article ever devised for slicing frosted cake, hot or cold bread or cake, and is
as easily sharpened as an ordinary knife. Any one bringing a' Want Ad to our office
Friday or Saturday ¦¦«
Will receive his choice of either of.these premiums FREE.
GALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS,
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY
BUSIHXSSJCHANCES; ]
A $300 RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; cor-
ner; rent $30; best location; business paying
well. R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny st
A- $4000; CORNER grocery and bar: few
blocks south of Market St.; net rent $90:
lease 4 years; average monthly receipts
$1100; value In sight. See R. G. WILK.E.
264 Kearny st. » '.
A— $1.VX>: HARDWARE and plumbing business:
location the very best; established years, and
a flr«t-cla»s paying business. All particulars
R. O. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st
A — J2.">iMi; TRANSFER and express* business ; 6
horses. 5 wagons, bus, road buggy, harness
! and stock; business established years; clears
at least $-'00 per month; a rare chance. See
R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st
A — $2000; CORNER jtrocery and bar; choicest
location on Geary St.; rent $30; lease: a good
paying and old efctabl. business; disagree
men i of partners cause of sale. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 26 hi Kearny st.
A— $1400; DAIRY produce store with branch
bakery, confectionery and Ice cream parlor;
beet location: about l\i blocks from Market
«t.; daily receipts from $25 up. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26 \j Kearny st
A— $300; CIGAR stand: rent $30fonly2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $1800— CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no nisht or Sunday work; rent $75;
lease; a good paying business; value in eight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
28>4 Kearny Bt -
A — $1500; COXtNER grocery and bar: Western
Addition: 6 living rooms; rent $45; 4*4 years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE. 28 V, Kearny st
A— $800: CORNER saloon; rent $20: place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26&
Kearny st, ' -
A — $2S00: CORNER bakery and confectionery.
Ice cream parlor, etc., 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one of the best of Its kind of busi-
ness In the city. See R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st. ' ,
A — «2000; CORNER grocery and bar, with
living-rooms; rent $45: best location on Mis-
sion st; place established years; iresn stock;
value In sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE, 26 % Kearny st
A— $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175:
place doing good business: full value In sight;
a great bargain. See R_G.WTLKE,3SV3Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres i
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2«5O; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town acroes the bay: a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $65C0; LIVERY and boarding etable across
the bay; 21 horsee. 2 hacks. 1 coupe, IS bug-
gies, harness, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$76. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
thin city: 33 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot: . in lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKB, 26%
Kearny et' t
A — $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20: best location north
or Market «t. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL In San Mateo County: 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. Sec
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st .
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
etreet; rent $60; living rooma; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
NO trlOrs need to apply. If you mean busi-
nesa- see BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny et.
$350 PARTNER. $450 partner, $500 partner,
$1000 partner. $3000 partner, $4000 partner.
See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
SALOONS near Market St.: bargains. Call at
once. BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st
$600 TO $2750^ — Restaurants In good locations;
bargains. 8ee BERG & POPP. .318 Kearny.
$375 TO $1000 — Cigar stands in good locations:
bargain. See BERG & POPP, 813 Kearny.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF yoa wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
.'".' :.<..¦-:¦• 1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 8468.
IS there any man In a good business, capable
of development, who wants to sell or requires
a partner who Is a good salesman, capable
to take full share of work, and will find
capital of $10,000 or more; must be genuine
and stand full Inquiry: replies treated con-
fidentially. ENGLISH, box 3416, Call offlce.
AN experienced showman who has secured an
Al location at small rent In the city wishes
to Interest some one with a little money to
establish a 10c vaudeville and moving plc-
ture show. Box 3457. this offlce.
HOTEL business for sale; reasonable; big
business for two; clears $400 per month; 64
bedrooms, dining-room seats 46: lease given.
For particulars write M. F. CARDOZO. Mer-
ced, Cal.
BRIGHT business man, with $2300, will find
best chance ever was offered for sale; me-
cLanic preferred; state age and your former
occupation; references required. Box 3419,
Call offlce.
FOR sale — A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per week In a prosperous town of 3500 inhab-
itants; no other laundry -within 20 miles; rea-
son of sale, retiring from the laundry busi-
ness. Address box 2872, Call offlce.
WANTED — Partner in mechanical business- no
previous experience required; short hours-
light work; $15 to $35 week each; $300 re-
quired. 47 Geary st, room 2.
A PARTY, absolutely obliged to leave city In
three days, will sacrifice store, fixtures and
excellent business; Invoice $1000 to $1200
Box 3431, Call offlce.
AN excellent paying grocery business; good
• trade: good routes; rent reasonable, as pro-
prietor owns building. Box - 1454, Call of-
flce. Oakland. -
$250— PARTNER wanted: light genteel and
very profitable manufacturing business; du-
ties easily learned; steady work and steady
Income. 225 Kearny st.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities: loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square.
Buffalo. . -
WANTED— Grub stake by an experienced
prospector and miner to prospect ln'Tonopah
rold fields; will sign contract for one year.
The Almonte, 873 Market, room 73. j
ENERGETIC young man wants to put $5000
. and more If neceasady Into a well established
mercantile business and take active part
Box 3501. Call offlce.
BARGAIN— Only millinery store In town; large
country trade; established 11 years; must sell
at once on account sickness; will sell cheap.
MRS. F. C NEVIS, box 3. Pleasanton. CaL
GROCERY and liquor: • splendid location; a
good business: books open for Investigation.
Address box 3462. Call.
$160 — PARTNER wanted In an everyday plain
business: will pay him $75 per month; steady
place. 87 Third st. room 14.
WANTED— Partner: $1000 cash in a first-
class manufacturing business; references
given and required. Box S399, Call offlce.
ACTIVE man wanted as partner In chophouse-
$150 required; can make $60 a month. 633
Market st. room 6. .
FOR eale — F)rat-c!a«i - grocery and delicacy
•tore; account of • elckness. . 8601 Army st.
corner San Jose ave.
A CORNER grocery delicatessen, with 2 fur-
nished rooms: rent $15; 3-year lease. Box
2729. - Call offlce.
FINE " corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with 4 living rooms; can't be beat.
79S Hayes st. . , ' .
A WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon (here for 12
years) for ealeon account of. retiring Box
i 1749, •; Call of fice. ' • _•¦-.. ...-.¦
RESTAURANT for sale In ! the Mission; con-
venient to transfer corner. Address box 1964.
Call ni lli ¦ HjJ.Umitnim.iiLL-
DESIRABLE city lots to exchange for a busi-
ness. Address, with • particulars, box " 1600
_ Call
$1200 A: YEAR 'for Sife secured by email
monthly, payments ' for •: a short • time ¦ only
• /.INVESTOR.; 518 ; Parrott -bldg. : "
KOB ; sale -- ' A "s good planlng-mlll m Socoma
: $2250.' Box 3410,; Call office." .. :
FOR sale— Old established 2-chalr, barber shop-
lew rent; good locality. 2403 Folaom at" - --'.'
BPSTJTESS CHAHCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone 'South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell. .
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
cummer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators ior
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates l-
people over night; perfect llttje home: owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. -
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 60 stalls:
rent only $75 per month: well stocked wltn ,
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; lone es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of eale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy st ,^'>-<'
FOR Eale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as first-class laundry, l ce
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions I too I nu- <
roerous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list . CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st .
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 . Eddy st. . '
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city: 7
acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms .furnished; 2
bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50. per. month;
4 years' lease: subletE for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year: price $2200. - For further particulars
eee CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — One of the best hay, ' «rraln,'> feed. ,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses in
. S. F.; cheap rent:- horses and wagons; all
, equipments; present owner has made a- for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from »500 to $S0O per month: trial Kiven if
desired; Dart dewn. CAMERON & CO. ,
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
. lot .¦¦0x137 feet; all furnished; horse ana
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars' snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy, st ',
PARTNER, detective and collection; estab-
lished. business: small capital. Room 25. 1014
Broadway. : Oakland.
DAIRT fof sale. Inquire between 8 and 12
a. m., 1312 Park st.. Alameda.' v
$1000 — CORNER saloon: good location; rent
$35. Inquire. 729 Mission, cigar store. '
SALOON for sale, cheap. 614% Battery et.
opposite Postofflce.
WANTED — Partner; 15 rooms and bar; 3
years' lease. 210 and 21? East st
SALOON for sale: fine location In Oakland;
good business. Address box 1571,. Call offlce.
$173 — CANDIES and pastry: 3 finely 'furnished
. rooms and large basement. 325 Taylor, st. •_
A BRANCH offlce for The . Call : for the recep-
, tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
. been opened at 1008 Market . st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CA^gETJBEATHTQ -;.^?? L .f r&I!AITnT O-'
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleanlrg carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
• air at shop; prices moderate. S. , F. * Com-
. pressed' Air Cleaning Co.. 308" Market' st;
-phones Main 152 and Bush ' 479 .~
¦WHEN you become disgusted .with ¦ your work
send for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. ing works, 355-357. Tehama «t: >TeI. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet : . Cleaning. Works, 1S09 Har-
rison st. ;; Al ' cleaning. 3c FRED-HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225. < V ;
CONKLIN'S Superior, Carpet ¦ Beating * Works'.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 128. *
MITCHELL'S; 240 Fourteenth Bt.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. .
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning' Co. M02 Sutter if
: teL Main 394. • GEO. WALCOM \ & CO.;- Props.
RUDOLPH to CO.,- carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. . 1703 Harrison st. : tel/ Mission 263.
BAD tenants ' ejected for : $4 ; i collections j made ; .
city or country.' ,' Pacific f Collection 'Co.,-. 415'
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. . Tel.'; Main 5580. »
¦ ;': cxothikp, reno VATT-yp. . . .- . ; -; :
SUITS ¦ cleaned I and j pressed,'/ $1 ; 'i scouring ; and
7 dyeing. ;> Bon Marche." Examiner, bldg.Tr/ 4 10;
' uhoce Dnimm ' 44. ¦ Call . I or and deliver 'free.;
dVAIBVOYAjrTS.
A— A— ""'"'" ?
KHIRON.
Greatest living clairvoyant, adviser on busi-
ness, love and domestic affairs.
KHIRON will positively make noj charge for
his work unless you are entirely satisfied and
find him superior to any palmist, medium or
clairvoyant in the city; reads your entire life
from Infancy to old age; tells your full name,
what you called for, whom and where you will
marry, giving names, dates, facts and figures;
restores youth and lost vitality; cures disease.
Do you wish to possess the key to the vaults
of love,, friendship, success and fame? .
Know the secret of control — the power to !n-
svlre trust and confidence and win success in
business, social or financial life.
"Arise! Throw off thy shackles." Ex-
change sorrow for joy— darkness for light. "Be
master of your own destiny."
If you are in doubt, unhappy, unlucky, dis-
couraged, dissatisfied, in 111 health or under
evil Influence, consult KHIRON. the greatest
living psychic adept, and he will aid you; for
mall readings Inclose date of birth, lock of
hair. 5 questions and $1. Hours from 10 a. m.
to S p. m. Sundays 11 to 4. Special low
fee. $1.
1031— Market st— 1031.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR TOU.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant- and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fail to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, wife or sweetheart Is true or false. }
whom and when you will marry: In fact, I
will tell everv hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will Improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental and bodily vigor
and luck that Insures success in business,
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
power . In your nature so . you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause marriage
with the one of choice. 10 A. 11. to 3 P. M.
Closed Sunday. - 328— O'Farrell s*.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD —^ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third et.. next Exam-
iner bldg.: she reads your life correctly.
i' gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; if you are la
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told bow to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affaire of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed ; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45t3.
FROM all sections they come to witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. Would It not
be a. relief to know how you will succeed
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies
that you may meet with better success? Then
for a reliable reading go to LIVINGSTONE.
428 . Eddy st. ; thcee separate reception par-
lors: lady attendants: hours 10 a. m— 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant, me-
dium, born with double veil and second sight,
gives lucky days; tells past, present, future
Ladles 50c; G.. by cards. $1; palmistry.- clalr-
voyant sittings. $1 50. .t03 Jones, near Eddy.
A— Miss M.'WIUe..*30 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
. what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
' Market St.. San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
i. ra. to 9 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
: MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clatr. and palm.:
reveals love, mai-iage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G. $1: hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st
MRS. RICHARDSON. - from London. England,
clairvoyant, card reader. 313 Ellis , «t. : no
¦ ?a1gn. * ¦ _
A — Mme.': Ravenna • reads life: business advice;
. names given: 25c up. 8 Ellis st. near Market
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
I (leaves; 25c up. 612^4 Eddy st. : no sign.
MME. GABRIEL, from the East: palmist, card
i ' reader. 765 Market St.. . r. 2. opp. Phelan bid.'
:
PROF/ JOHNS.' palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 23c; 2 to 9 p. m. 512 Jessie st.
MRS. JBAUMANN. the well-known fortune-"
I '--_. teller. Is now at , 31 7 Ellis st
! BPTRTrgAT.Tfng. .,-.-.
1 -A— MRS." J. J. ' WHITNEY, : bus. • medium and
•life reader. ..1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MME. .YOUNG'S convincing test "circle to-night,
, ¦ . ioc. ¦ - 619 McAllister at ; coxae, skeptic*. .
— Con tinned. f-'f-l
ARRIVED from New Tork7'prcf.~F : red~P.' Ev- \
ans. famous psychic for slat* writing, clair- \
voyance. Offlce. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott S3T-. \
C. V MILLER'S material'i'r?* seance to-night
at 8 o'clock. $1. ICS4 Bush st.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant medium ani lff»
reader; cir. ev. eve'g 10g; read dally. 43 6th.:
C. MA TO STEERS, trasce medium. 303 Larkin.
room 49: readings 1 to 6: tal. South 319u
EOirCATXONAlV
j A BIGGER school than ev«i^ On~Jun« 1 w«
| moved to new flreprcof baildtng. 738 Mission
«t., between Third and Fourth;. more spaco:
fiaer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges: refs. President Jcrdan or any Stanford
professor ; day, evening sessions. Pheloa bldg.
E. R. A YRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $3 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured: day, ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatla
learning In America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' buUdln*.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sup-
rey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1364; Vasi
<er Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall,
CLASSES in short story writing and journal-
Ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
833 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Cot.. «02 Van N«««
av.; positions secured. R» H. Webster. Pr— .
A— OALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEOE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 12S1 Market st.: large sonny
quarters. Western Buslneaa College.
BOOKKEEPING. En*., math., etc.; day and
eve.; Individual lnstr. SOS Lark in St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Cot.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing.
etc.. $3 mo.; private. 1281 Market •*-. r. 704.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De FtUppe'sAcademy
of languages. 101S Post: est. 1871: ablest profs
O'MALLET'S Dancing Academy. 1164A OTar-
rell — Adults Thursday. Juveniles Saturday.
CHICAGO Business College, 1433 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 maw
GUITAR, mandolin and piann. $3 per ma;
mandolin club, tl per mo. 82S Halght st.
ADULT and Juveclle classes now open. Hlo-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. CaX
SHORTHAND taught thorny by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day aa4
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night clasa.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght:
Individual tnstruc: all branches; day. ev».
CALIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
Gate ave.. S. F. : 73-page catalor on request.
Earj»i.OTMEiri^ orricrBa.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment ofSoe
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
E. IMURA. 833 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "RATIONAL." 809 Hearst bid.
A — ORPHEUM Jlmployment Office — Japaaese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 373X
JAPANESE-Chln»se Emp. Office. 413 Stocktonj
best help. Frit* Tamagaki.m*r..tel.Buah 339.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
' flea; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 8183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1897 BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
IMPLO1llllJ!.Tr WAHTEP— ri?M« t.t-.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like to
have place in good family; like good home
more than wages. MRS. RAENKE, 22 Sac-
ramento st.
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do
/ upper work and take care of a baby or gen-
eral housework In a email family: would go
to live across the bay. 2.13 <4 Tehama st.
COLORED lady wishes position to do house-
work; is a competent nurse; best of refer-
ences. Address 1076 Clay et.
SITUATION wanted as all round cook and do
. light housework: short distance in country
preferred. 110O Powell st.
A WORTHY woman would like a few more
engagements by the day; can do children' e
clothes nicely. Send postal. 443 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day or week; the best of city references.
Please call at 12C0 Howard st.
DRESSMAKER, exclusive designs: dinner
and reception gowns a specialty. Box 3450,
Call office. ' "
AN experienced lady wishes cooking for few
men- state particulars and wages. Box 3458.
Call offlce.
A REFINED, middle-aged Christian womaa
desires a situation: is good cook and house-
keeper. Call at 474 Jessie st.
GERMAN woman wants -to go out washing.
Ironing and housecleaning by the day. Please
call 2S0 Harriet St.. In rear.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day or
week: sleep home.' Address box B, Call
branch. S00 Hayes st. »
A LADY with * child wishes position as house-
keeper. Call ro-day. 830 Mission «t.
GIRL wants a place to assist in housework or
care of baby. Call at 609^4 Minna ft.
EXPERIENCED stenographer would like a po-
sition; salary reasonable. Box 3433. Call.
A GOOD, reliable cook would like situation la
private family. 343 Jessie st. *^
A GERMAN girl wishes chamherworx in ho-
tel. 418 Powell St.: tel. Main 5332.
COMPETENT cook would do downstairs work
and washing or general housework In Amer-
ican family; wages $23 to $30. 2361 Post St..
near Devlaadero.
GOOD, reliable young lady seeks position as
bookkeeper; office preferred; caa do any
kind of office work; references tarnished.
Box 3077. Call offlce. • .-¦;
A YOUNG girl S months from Denmark
wishes to do light housework and care for
children. Address 32 Shotwell St.: ple&se
call Monday from 10 to 4. . :
TOUNG man and wife waat positions: maa
experienced coachman, do gardenia* If. re-
quired; wife a good cook er second work.
Box 3234. Call offlce.
AN experienced German girl, best references.
desires position as nurse to care for ehll-
' dren; country preferred: city or Oakland.
Box 1443. Call offlce. Oakland. '
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes) po-
sition to do chamber work In country hotel.
Address MRS. J. M.. 436 Sixth St. " ',
COMPETENT cook wishes a position tn a pri-
vate family. 701 McAllister. st.; please. riasj
electric bell. -¦
TYPEWRITING, copying, addressing envei-
opes: reasonable. MISS EDNA CRAMER.
Mutual Bank bldg.,- room 806. _t
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants a position as first-
class cook or general housework. Apply 31
Guerrero st. - ¦-
A CHRISTIAN lady with little girl wishes po-
sition as housekeeper. Call 12 to 1 p. m. or
6 to 7 p. m.. 62O Buah St.. ...
YOUNG Scandinavian girt wants position as
second girl; can do some sewtig. 1120 A
Stanran st. ¦ ' - - ¦—
WANTED — By a young woman ' with" a Child,
position as housekeeper for one person. Ad-
• drees box 1433. Call. offlce. Oakland. _"
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants
situation to do general housework; good ref-
erences. Call 1315 Treat ave.. og Folsoaa.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes % geaer&l
housework In small family. Address 2\%
¦ Merritt st.. cor. HatUe. - - -¦ .
WANTED — Neat young German girt desires
position to a private family to do light hoose-
work. Box 33T.6. Call offlce. -.~-
A COMPETENT woman wishes work tn nlc«
. American family: is a good cook. Box'32SA.
' Call. offlce.
TWO reliable women want positions together: .
eook and second girl: references; wages cook.
S3O to »33; second work; $25. Box 3O23rtTaU.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character.
'wants a situation. Box 2049. Call offlce.'-
COMPETENT woman weuld like few families
by day. > to wash, cleaning er chamber w or it.
488 Geary st-;.ohone Brown 32.- - : j
TOUNG lady with, best city references wishes
' position as chambermaid in hotel Box 332D.
Call offlce. . " ;,". ~
WANTED— Situation as* day nurse by -middle
aged lady: experienced. 3181 j Clementina at.
GERMAN lady ' will ' go " out nursing.- "Address I
'3«» First st.. corner Harrison. * i - > --»
A LADY. with a child wishes' position 'as bouse-
keeper. Call to-day,' 830 Mission sC" ¦
I.ODGUTG-HOUSES FOSSALE.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 400. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; freo list of
hotels and rooming houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GQOD TITLES. MONET TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
AN especially well furnished rooming-house In
good location on sunny side; 12 large rooms:
income $uo over rent; electric lights; refined
roomers: will sell at a sacrifice. MARION
GKIFFLN. 406 Examiner bldg.
PARTLY FURNISHED— 14 nice rooms In fine
. location; 7 blocks north of Market; rent
m $70; 7 rooms furnished, 7 unfurnished; price
? $500; we back you for part. -
MARION GRIFFIN.
OFFER WANTED this week on a most beau-
tifully furnished 70-room house; . NEW and
modern building; low rent; . 5-year lease;
high class roomers; double frontage: house
with worlds' of sunshine; sickness of man-
ager, necessitates a sale: come and Investi-
gate; tell .us what terms you'd like and we
shall endeavor to arrange to suit you.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MY HOUSE has 20 rooms.
MY RENT is only $60.
MY MONTHLY profit is $60. ¦¦ '-"'
My price was $1600; U now $1200.
My terms are one-third down and $20 monthly.
My only reason is bad health.
My. only, agent Is MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED house of 17
rooms on Van Ness ave.; rent' $65; lease If
- desired: now clears $73; nice back yard;
flower garden in front; easy to take care of;
owner la sick; price reduced to $1000; easy
terms. ' ¦ ¦ • .
MARION GRIFFIN.
I BANK $133 monthly as my book will
show; but I must sell and go East
ON MORE IMPORTANT BUSINESS.
I have a nice, clean house of 33 rooms.
Any reasonable offer will be accepted.
I would take $1000 down, balance- ia
SMALL PAYMENTS. .
See my sole asent. '
' --¦¦- . MARION ? GRIFFIN.
• THE OWNER SAYS:
"No stranger will be permitted
' to inspect my house unless an
agent MARION GRIFFIN'S of flea
•comes along. - 1 am away from!
home most of the time and my
wife Is afraid of strange people
who try to get In on all kinds
of excuses. The house makes a
good living for two and $fl4 over.
' 1 can sell on easy terms to
. any , sober and industrious man and
.wife who have $500 to $1000 cash.'" See
MARION GRIFFIN.
SUTTER STREET — 9-room ; corner flat; 'price
. .$450: part cash: worth $S50: rent low.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40C.'' Examiner bldg.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED apartment-nous*
of 24 rooms;' clean and new and nice;* north
of Market: profit $76. monthly: price $2500.
reduced to $1800 and , (If • you can give good
references) 1st payment to $400.
' ; : MARION GRIFFIN.
¦•'•¦• The Real ' EstaU Agent.
_„„_. DExtx-xSTS. .j^'
ANEW plate— The "Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; browns, $3 50; fillings. 50c:
¦ plates .$5:* full set; -all work painless -and
warranted, - Chicago Dental Parlors.' 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL^ 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
. — No . charge ' for . extracting , when • plates arc
. made : old plates made . over < like new ; : teeth
, from $8 per. set; extracting 50c;:gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors,' 235 Kearny | cor. Bush
'• Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $3- up; fillings, 25c
'GOLD, fillings.", 75c; silver* 35crcrowns." $2; no
" pain; open Sundays.', Dr. A. C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist, r. 14. 1st
r floor. Phelan bid... 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
1 DR: R. ; LT;.WALSH ; has moved from Geary sV
;,s to corner, Sutter. and -Grant ave.
» ALL work ¦ guaranteed i by the 'New; York i den-"
¦ . tlsts. Dr. Perkins.-i Mgr. . 060 Mission. ¦ cor. 6th
pMjSMAgXB^ A1TP *ra*M^
McDOWELL Dressmaking '&' Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure ; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, ¦ sunburst and" knlf a i pleating.*. Stew
: art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
I.ODGIITG-HOPSE3 FOB SAIiE.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 105a
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month: if run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat; close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment ; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bell and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get lirst-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer;
exclusively witb us.
'. 90-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; 'cheap -rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; S years' lease; every- ap-
pointment heart could wish: this little gem at
bargain, on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; flmt-class location;
well furnished and good running order; .clear-
Ing now over $2w per month; always full; best
buy in city; account «of sickness: price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $000 per month;
close in; full of nice people.: bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.'
60 rooms; new, modern ; building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a' handsome profit; fine opportunity to^
get an up-to-date house'. reasonable;, sickness.
24 roomn; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. , .
.16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell .within -next ten
days;; leaving city; make offer. .
• 80 rooms; newly furnished throughout: . flve-
; year lease; downtown;. fine, respectabla, mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance reason-
able : interest.
9-room flat: rent only $50: : water free: oak
furniture; good carpets: must sell; price $400.
. 128 rooms, cheap rent; longlease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house: well furnished;
clearing $500 to. $000 per. month;: must' sell on
account, of other business: only with us. ;
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300. per month: every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley ' property or, ranch
in California ; . must leave city. .
'L-- 21: rooms: cheap rent: very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; .clears $100 per. month;
must leave city; make an offer. .
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape: fine -little apartment-house;
clears $150; ; reduced to $2800. • -
'/Large list of real estate. , rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
,„,:- ,,,.., _ CAMERON," 3 Eddy > st.
HOTELS. " ' ,
C. E." HINKLEY. 'PHONE MINT 700.
•, 1020 MARKET; ST. > ¦.'.-' OPP. 5th 1st.'
. RELIABLE DEALINGS and EAST TERMS.
• SATISFACTION. TO ALL. •-. .-
: OUR SPECIALS. -
14 rooms. Ellis st. ; yours for only ...... .$350
20 rooms, one' floor';" leas*; 'mechanics:.; $450
25 rooms, north of Market : T speculation . . $S50
14 rooms, 4 unfurnished: a ecap.*.'..'. ....".'.1250
50 rooms," men roomers; rent $50. .¦.".'.". ..$1400
. 8 sunny rooms - sunny corner: ; rent $27..:. $200
, 12: room?;, near i Market. st.;;rent $30. .*. ;. : $375
20 roon-.n. Sixth . st. ; clears $62. '. $700
30 rooms, men- roomers;- clears '¦: $90. r..;.~ $S5O
14 rooms, ; Bush •? at. ; : rent V $40. ..:. '. .». :.'. . ¦ $350
y . : - ; ¦¦¦?.; "- axd At any others: -<¦* v ;rt
. . .'.": .... ..; MITCHELL , & '!¦ CO. ." .... . . . .'. . .
i 1206 ;, Market - st . . r. : : : : ."-. Phone "Jessie : 2981.
. ' Rooming,' and : apartment houses, . hotels [ and
i . flats sold to suit purchasers: titles guaranteed.
r. i ;-. .-.-. r. :r. .. ; Mitchell » & co. ; ..:.... .-.-.
20 rm«.^ downtown,*, nr. ; theaters; • rent' $75 ; ¦ rea-'
: sonablc offer accepted" MITCHELL.' 1206 Mkt.
AN 'exceptionally, good ; Nol* 2 Remington, 1 ; No. ', 1
?.;'• Smith ; Premier, <r $25: V other s typewriters ».• at
¦ : higher and, lower prices; rentals . $2 50.; The
.-Typewriter » Exchange. < 536 ;. California . tt. £a^
2D-H AND v typewriters l^sold.'^rehted. 1 . • repaired,"
.Webster. Type writing Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
JOIIX P. SPRivCKKLg . . . . ProprteK>E
K&trets Communications 16
JOHN McX AUGHT. . •j L^jj^*?5?5H^
W. J. MART1.V Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect T<)u With the Department Tou Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. K.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson «t-
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct*.Per Week, "5
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash Wltn
Order) : „ „.
DAILY CALL <inclu<l. Sunday). 1 year...$S.OO
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mom... 4^00
DAILY CALL— By f ingle Month '»=
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -•»"
"WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year Zr'^'liCZl
T-«»r-,^». 1 r>ai!r...*S80 Per Tear Extra
E25F2S Uucdar. 4-15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. J^eekly. LOO Per Y«»r Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Ccpiea will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Hail scbscribeni in ordering change cf a4-
dr«s« should be psrtieular to £lve both NEW
AND OLD aDDKESS in cnier to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1019 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2118 Centex Street ..Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artoria Hotel: A- Brentano, SI
Ccion S<jnare; Murray HiU Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Betel and Hc&man House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
tberman Bous*: P. O. New. Co.: Great
JCorthern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Bulldla*.
(Lccg Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C CAHLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
corner Market and Third streets ; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES: ; 't \
1003 Market rtreet. opposite Fifth; open until
II p. n». _,
627 Montgomery etreet. oorner Clay; open until
9:30 p. ta
£00 H«f« rtreet; open until »:30 p. m.
€29 McAllister street: open unto 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
JM1 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3O»8 Valencia etreet ; open until 8 p. m.
Northeast oorner Church and Duncan streets;
open vntll 9 p. is.
2200 Fill more *tr»et; cpen until 9 p. m.
MXrTXSG KOTICXS.
A REGULAR meeting of Terba Buena
Lod*e of Perfection No. 1. A. and A- |T
Ecottieh Rite of Free Masonry, will be «
held in Cosimandery Halt Masonic f-ftQa
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. >~-t
October 20. 1904. at 6 o - clock. Degree 9. Vis-
iting brother* cordially Invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. Si^
M . will meet THIS (THURSDAY) TCJC
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third de-/»'
gree. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R- A. M. — 9
FUited meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Vy
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. By order /VA
of the H. P.
JNO. R- HILLMAN, Sec
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. flJ
M.— Special meeting THIS (THLKS-YV
DAT) EVENING, at 7 :30 tf dock. r>T\
First degree. Mirnn corfiially Invited.
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. — «
Third degree THIS <TH URSD A Y)
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Master Ma- A>r\
*on« cordially invitfd. By order of
the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
TTRBA BUENA Lodge No. 15.
1 O O F.— Initiatory d ecree -*}A*5B3G&k
THI? 'THURSDAY) EVENING/%ESEE^^
Oct. 20. ViBlting and sojourn- ¦"***¦•
ing brothers cordially Invited. By order
S. HECK, N. G.
CHARLES A. WISEWELL. Rec. Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1S5. L O. .^^tSa^.
O. F.— Ir.H iation THIS (THURS-
1>AY1 NIGHT, at S o'clock. Pro-- -J*SaW
pect Hall. Odd Fellows' build-
Ing Visiting brothers welcome.
J. S. MEE. N. O.
C. R. HOLTON, Recording Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
process from N. H. Burger, in Dry Gulch
, Gravel Mine, near Pleasant Valley. El Dorado
County. Cal., draining into Clear Creek,
which reaches Cosumnes River, gives notice
test - a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 96 Flood bldg.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. October 31. 1904. at 1 :30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, cent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
A.GE3TTS WASTES.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
¦WANTED — Experienced higU grade solicitors.
Call bet. 9 and 10. 553 Parrott building:
' INK! .ESS fountain pens: sample 15c; dozen
tl 60: retails 25c FIELD CO.. 119 Bush st.
AGENTS selling Park lots, cash or on the in-
stallment plan. 467 Parrott building.
¦ ATTQgarETS-AT-nAW.
W. MATTHEWS. 632 Market st. — Consultation
free, private and confidential; no advance
fees; business promptly and legally transact-
ed; collections, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected; probate; loans on real estate; safe,
sound Investments at highest rate of Interest.
R. W. KING. AUorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years: all courts, general court and office
practice; no fee» in advance or for consults -
tlon; evenings by appointment. Tel.Red 3601.
AAA— DIVORCE costs. $12: quick quiet
Advice free; all law business.
No charge unless successful.
1085 Market St.. cor. Seventh, room 41».
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: private.
. Quick, quiet, lew fees, no pay in advance
'Estab. 22 yrs. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market st
K divorce cannot be obtained for $10 or $12.
AA— Divorce; costs $12;quick.qulet;advlc« free;
all law business; no charge unless ruccess-
tvii open evenings. 927 Market St.. room 301.
ADVTCE free; divorce costs §13; no fees or
coats in advance: all law businese; offlce
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market et..r.S3.
tpv*?** f r*i aiTorce *»«*• •«: iuick. quiet-
ail lsw business: no charge unless euccess-
. ful; cpen evenings. 527 Market, room 204.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 804; consuUaT
Uon free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 pe r yw .\
ASTKBZA CUBE.
DI NOLA"S Asthma Remedy relieve* Tnstantli^
IOC. 25c 6Oc. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas :
ttlto ~Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland!
ASTROL.OOT. "
ZOBEJDE. astrologer: peychlc occult and as-
trologleal readings.' 0 Mason St.. rooms 1-2.
ATrTOMOBII.ES.
WHITE SUnhope. in first -cla«* running ccn-
dition; a snap for $300. White Gang*. Mar-
, ket and Frcjiklin eti. - .
PIERCE rnotorettes. one new. one almost new,
at a bargain. 123 City Hall ave. .-.'-.<
' BOARD n?G POE CKXX.DKEV.
LADY «tnt« child- to board; good "care. 'Ad-
dr«*y 920 Hampshire tt. ¦ " . ' : ..
PrVXPTUTP gOTICES. •* V-
DIVIDEND MJtJce — Claj-emont 6n""-"Cora-
l*ny, en November 1. 1904. wfll pay a <JJ\1-
dend (No. C), ' amounting to $4500, .equal' to
lc per rbire. on Its .'issued capital etock.
- Transfer books close on Tuesday. • October 25.
1064. n 5 p. ni.
On November 25. 1604. • will pay an extra
dividend.' amounting to $1500. on its Issued
- capital stock, equal to lc per «hare.v Trans-
fer books clcje Saturday; November ' 19 • -19O4. :
, «.,r p- m - P*'* 0 '* *t Its office. :room 731
i LSGTON, Secrttarjr. ,THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY,. OGTOBERV20, 1004,
13
HE-P WANTED— rEMA_E--Cont_mea.
FRENCH chambermaid, etc ..'. ..$30
Cook, 15 men, city $35
4 cooks, German families $30 and $35
Infant's nurse : $30
Cook for Sausallto $30
Cook for Alameda $30
Housework Ross Valley $30
4 housework girls $30
Girl for office, laundry S6 per week
Kitchen helper, sanitarium $25
Butler $40
Chambermaid and laundress $25
Nurseglrl, for S children . . . . : $30
And 44 housework girls, city and country.
$20. $25. $30. " /• ¦
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334. Sut-
ter St.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng,
manicuring, etc; trade tauehffrom A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to Oil Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st, room 13. •
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now ior
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $15; positions as-
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at 1
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be -filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st." r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing,
maaicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
WANTED — An apprentice to learn dressmak- I
Ing. Apply 837 Ellis st.
NURSE for child 5 years old. 2544 Mission
street.
I LADIES— We will teach th* barber trade free
to six more ladies and pay them $10 each
for first 8 weeks; call, or write. JNO. A.
MOLER'S Barber College (correct number).
644 Clay et
A FEW ladies to assist making new line deco-
rative fancy work; done at home by tins
piece; about 10c hour at first. Call 9 to 5,
1344 Market at. ¦
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats and Jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS &* CO.. 32% Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
WANTED — Married lady for sewing where
she can have 2 housekeeping rooms. 204
Second st, upstairs. •... .
EXPERIENCED coatmakers for ladles' fancy
tailor gowns and evening wrappers. COX.
1514 Pine *t •
FIFTY ladies to nell Rowland Instantaneous
dye soap; can earn $12 to $15 p«r week; call
any time. C22 Hayes st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2399
Pine st.
EXPERIENCED sleeve hand wanted. COX,
1514 Pine et.
'
GIRL wanted at 1S50 Green St.. between Oc-
tavia and Laguna, for general housework.
WAIST and skirt helpers wanted at 234 Post
Et, room 10.
GIRL wanted to work on lace curtains. New
York Curtain House, 1326 Fillmore.
BAG operators wanted. Ill Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Office
429 Bush st ti42 Clay st.
Head barkeeper for high-tone bar; must
hav<- Eastern experience and refer-
ences $100 board
Head waiter, $60; Italian cook and helper, $80
NEW R. R. WORK, NEAR CITY.
Call early Ship to-night
25 Ulxnn ts $1 75 day
"o scraper teamsters $2 25 day
20 station men 15c yard up
Can make as high as $3 day.
Good shoveling. ..Long Job Good camp
Fare only $1.
Call early We ship to-night
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment OfHce,
429 Bush st 042 Clay st.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
SOC Market st, room 325, fifth floor.
. ' Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5:30 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant, $15 to $25 week.
Stenographer, $15 week.
Manager department store, $25 week,
Bill and entry clerk, $15 week.
Checker. S13 week. " *"
Timekeepers, 515 week.
Accountant, $15 to $25 week.
Collector and solicitor, $15 week.
Floor manager. ?1S week.
Drue clerk. $12 a week.
Two shipping clerks, $15 week.
Draughtsman. (18 week.
General office work, S15 week.
Bank clerk, bond required. $25 week.
Young man learn dentistry. $10 week.
800 Market «t, room 325. fifth floor.
~~ AT HORD~_~SMITH i si
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Amador County, ' teamsters, $2. fare $2 35.
long Job.
Man for dye factory, $15 to $20. experienced.
Car painter, ?2 75, coach work.
Man to run hand roller, bitumen work. $2 75.
Man to trim, bitumen, $2 75.
Lumber pliers, ?2 75 to $3.
BUTLER, $35 and found; hotel waiter, $30 and
found: Mingle American: dairy foreman. $H0
and found; farmer and wife, small farm, $30
and found: young man to learn blacksmith
trad? $1 day and board and Increase ; wood-
chopper and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
629 Sacramento st.
BOY wanted, not under 16 years of age. Ap-
ply CHARLES LYONS, London Tailor, 721
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted; best pay.
BAUHR MFG. CO.. cor. Twenty-third and
Mission sts.
WANTED — Experienced salesman. Apply
Great American Importing Tea Co., 48 Mar-
ket St., uj 'Stairs.
WANTED— Energetic men and women to can-
vats for a nice line of goods. For particulars
inquire at 247 Fifth Bt \
ONE or two men to learn a good trade: steady
work: no night or Sunday work; $25 security
required. Apply 212 First st.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 47S. Parrott building.
$.100— STEADY, reliable partner In established
business: pays $*0 monthly to each; experl-
tnf '•"npcefFary. Apply 28.1 Fourth ts.
W.ANV1-.;.- — Men to fill 350 rooms at 2Oc per
nirrlu; clothes closet?, hair rnattress. electric
light in every room. 081 Howard st.
FOR sale — Barber shop; living: rooms In rear.
Aoply at TROST'S, barber supplies, 1532
Mason st.
WANTED — Klrst-clasn grocery clerk. Apply
at PRAGERS. . .-
CLOTHING salesman; take orders; $15 tallor-
madft suits. Monarch Tailoring Co., 027 Market
WANTED — Boy to learn machinist trade. 256
Fremont st.
YOUNG man for delivery wason. Delicatessen
store. 221 U Fillmore st., near Clay. .
WANTED — Youth for a flower store. Apply at
317 Sutter st.
ALL around cook for boarding-house; wagrs
$.10. Kastlakc Hotel. Bay and Webster fits.
NON-UNION man who can shingle roof. 541
Sixth st. room r>0. after 6:30 a. m.
BARBER wants work Saturday and Sunday;
steady. Address box 3455, Call office.
BARBER?— Three-chair shop for eale at a bar-
gain. 1090 Valencia st.
— — — _ , — . —
FOR «ala — Barber shop. 1934_Market St..
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight ivepks
required: only Institution teaching the ton-
poria) art. Call or write for tree catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College, U'9
et . •
LAUNDRY commission- driver with a route;
apply immediately; bundle work preferred;
stnte amount of work per week. Box 2644,
Call office. -¦• -1* -'•¦-¦ '
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan- ;
Ich. skilled and unsklllM laborers, arc invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD &
SMITH, 05 Third at.. San Francisco.
I WANTED — Men and ; women to prepare for
Government | positions. Apply for free cata-
logue clvlng- particulars. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. . Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st. j
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Kd Rolkin, R*no House proprietor, has
ridded 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
DRESS goods salesman wanted: must be first-
class. .Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
BILL clerk in wholesale house; must be good
• penman ¦ and • correct In figuring; state age
and references. '- Box 3424. Call office.
,W ANTED — A boy "13 or 14 years to do light
?service for his; board, room and clothes. > Box
3430. Call office. .-
LAUNDRY driver (with route) by a first-class
' t union: laundry; liberal terms to : the right
/'man; apply Immediately. Box 3417, Call. -\
MOHEY TO LOAH — Con tin ned.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
• Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of renta. property In trust,
etc. : legacies, life estates and undivided. In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money, t.,.-
See HERMAN MURPHY.
SALARY LOANS^
Money loaned salarird people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 403 Parrott bldg. I
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
. amount O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 38. ,
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
. chants. | teamsters, - boarding-houses, without
security: easy/ payments; large business in 46
principal cities. Tolman. CSS Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest- Baldwin Jewelry Store.
006 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
•YOUNG _ CO.. room .537 Parrott bldg.. loan
money on furniture, pianos, etc. at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
near Market
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities, '
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
' can Realty and Bond Co.. 60 Columbian. bldg. '
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. SOT Market st :
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PEH cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low interest; -fold, silver.
- diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan _
Halt, room 1213 Call bldg: phone Main- 3214.
DON'T borrow, money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bidg.
ALLIoans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bulldrng.'
SfTTSICA— ZWSTRTJ"M_HTT8.
Mussard — Small upright fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON, 18 O'Farrell %U
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes In used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtax Piano Co.. S60-S2-64
Hayes st; tel. Fell 5761. .
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private party.
301 Eddy st.
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
A PRIVATE party left Ftscher upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary st
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
• player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthta/ pay- !
ments. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAlli«er st
3-PEDAL Stelnway up: Clilckertng baby grand;
Ehoninjrer. little used. KeefTe's. 280 O*Farreil.
Jj OrriCTS AMT) STOBES TO 1ST.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian-American Bank
bldg.. SR cor. Montgy. _ Sacto; light and
runny. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgy.
DESK room In fine, light office; cheap to right
party. 38 Geary st, room 9.
FINE store, with basement; lease. . 1217
Stockton st., near Broadway.
FOR rent — Section of larc* loft: light and atry
L. MINK. UK* N»w Momc—ei— «•.. Tth fl^r
PHYSICIANS AND EUBGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^-Office and residency
. 1C21Vj Market st. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo.
catcd at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eattes cured by Chinese hertw. 746-8 Clay st.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINATaT
torney-at-law. «$ Hobart bldg., 632 Market st
PURCHASING APENCI-8.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coi_T-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3C5 Larkln st. room 49: tel. South 319.
~EB3ONA_S. -
A— MME. GILLINGHAM.
DERMATOLOGIST.
Has removed her parlors to 143 Stockton st.
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris, room IS, where she will continue
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching rcalp; no . stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists*, hairdressers': ac-
cept no subxtitute. Star Remedy co.. 1333 Polx
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. SoM by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c Manufactured solely
by ROW ELL _ BROWN. 40 Turk st. S. F.
RAG carpets -wove to order and for sale; also
, chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer tn
carpet twlr.e In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st. Oakland.
RUGS mads from old carpets; ingrain, brua-
sels, tapestry and moqustte; chenille curtains
woven into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory.
662 Market st. Oakland; take West 8th car.
FANCY and silk . dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRT. estab.
18U9. 2:22 Fillmore st; phone Geary 2053.
EE8T on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, agae.
rheumatism and -tomach troubles cured; *>l.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. .**3n Grant ave.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worrt bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. Q. S. MOORE. 832 OFaireU st .
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
acd trcurtrs at CHARLES LYONS'. Loadoa
-Tailor.' 721 Market st " • -
YOU can bny $73 worth of furniture for t* 34
down and $1 SO per week. T. BRILLIAN'T
FURNITURE CO.. S40 Poet St.. near PjwelL
CYCLE skating rink. Central Park, opp City
Hall. Market st.; ladlea free.
El'lTS to brdercn installments of $1 per w«*_
NEUHAUS.CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT salts to order, extra pant* or fancy
vcits. for $14 76. Fred Wagner. S50 Mtrktt.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths, suit*
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1 U7 Mk-_
$j a week; suits to order 115 up. LEMOS. 112.-
.. -Market »t. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS tn fine diamonds: easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st
ONE Dollar weekly ke«p» you In fine clcthia*.
¦ Art Tailoring. ; HS44. Mkt; under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 389 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary. r.3S.
LADIES <ml gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at '¦ 1810 Sutter. st .
TAILOR-MADE suit S7 5O; Ores* pants S3 30
¦"¦ MisSt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN - CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural .color: $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened "at 10OS ¦ Market if,- opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. H__Ej3tf
JHEEP JQl££EPz7i2l£j!JZ -J Contlnned.
X^MlmR\Y^&^R^ADYrrar63C aay st.
. Phone Main SS48.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages. ~i ;
1003 We Gave ,• 1004 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase flO.Oqp.
GOLD MINES COAL
SILVER MINKS COPPER
I Blacksmith, placer ' mine. SCO and found:
carpenter, mine, north. S60 and found: car-
penter, gold quart* mine, see bows here, S90.
3 machine miners. Martposa County. $90. ¦
6 hand rnlner-i. gold | mine, see boss here,
*82 60 and found. - -
ANOTHER, MINE.
5 hand miners, good gold. mine, no blankets
required, hotel accommodations reading and
bath room, inquire about It. $75.
3 muckers, quartz mine. $75.
COAL MINE. *
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
10 ¦ coal miners, company guarantee. $3 to
?.¦" 75 day can be made, good accommoda-
tions.
Part Fare Refunded.
MURRAY & READY, U34-636 Clay st
CARPENTERS. tJS» ~~ — - —
SH1NGLERS.
MECHANICAL.
LONG JOBS.
8 carpenters plain houiework fare 50c, $00.
2 carpenters, mine. $60 and 'found. $90; 3
carpenters, city factory, rough work, (2 50
to $** a day.
4 carpenters. Berkeley. S3 to $3 60; 2 bridge
carpenter*, near city. 33 50 day; 4 carpen-
ters, nea r city. $20.
2 shingle™, fare SI. -long job $1 per M fd.
2 shinglers. city Job, $1 per .M.
2 carpenters, mine district S97 50
PLUMBERS."
' 6 plumbers, fare paid, north *U day "
4 bench hands; ti cabinet "makers; 3 iron
molders. see boss here. $3 r>0 day; 2 brush-
makers; 3 paperhangers. city
MURRAY & READY. • 034-636 Clay st.
A— ARE YOU~
MARRIED?
Farmer and wife, good Job, north, $50 fd.
Working foreman and wife, for ranch. $60 fd.
Married .farmer, no work for wife $no fd
Farrrer and wife, Oregon $40 found
A— SPECIALS.
MISCELLANEOUS "
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, country store.
FOREMAN.
Foreman for scraper gang. Nevada. $65 fd. ,
FARMS— DAIRIES. |
30 plow teamnterf, S:50 to S33 fd.: 10 general
farmhands. $2f. to $30 fd. ; 10 milkers, city
and country: 10 choremen and choreboys
Boy for grocery store, city job; boys for
factories.
LABORERS.
10 laborers, city Job. board home, $2 25 day.
' SAWMILL.
6 laborers for lumber company, SCO
MURRAY & READY. C34-C30 Clay St.
IT-I "NEW :
WORK. •
CENTER OF. MINE DISTRICT.
20 laborers, long job, $60.
15 teamsters. 2 and 4 horses. $60.
Ship To-night Ask for It
MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay st
A^ COOKS, WAITERS.
BUTCHERS, ETC.
/Cook, dredger, good Job, call early, $60 fd.
Camp cook, near city, steady, $50 fd.
Second cook, same camp, $40 fd.
German cock, country hotel. $50 fd.
Second cook, mine boarding-house, $35 fd.
6 otter cook*. ."> waiters, 14 dis-hwashers,
etc.: 10 butchers, shops and slaughterers, $30
to $C>0 fd.; sausage-maker, country shop,
south. $40 fd.
WOODCHOPPER.
10 men to chop stove wood, north, good long
Job. fare $2 50. $2 cord.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
FIREMAN used to oil burner, city. $00.
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay st
MEN— The ORIGINAL JNO. A. MOLER has
opem-d one of his famous barber colleges at
644 Clay at.; trade taught In 8 weeks; tuition
earned while learning; constant practice; ex-
pert Instructions: positions guaranteed. Call
or write (correct number) 644 Clay st.
S. F. Barber College,' 741 Howard st. wants all
young men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St. Louis; red. rates.
I WILL teach you all about life insurance and
how to sell It; write for terms and appoint-
ment Box :!213. Call office. j
SUl'MANAGER, also solicitors: Pacific Mutual
Life, 5CS Monttromery st; call mornings at
rooms 31-32, 7th floor; references required.
GET your shoes ¦half»_ih»d while waiting r-25e
to 60c. 5U3 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sta..'
or 11 Third st. Examiner, building.
TRY our men'" shoes, union made; $1 and $1 60
pair: foot-form shoes. 50: we pay express
charges. -11 :M st. Exam. bld.;open till 9 p.m.
ALL men — Barber trade taught In barber
shops; wages paid while learning; the only
practical method. 647 Commercial st
BY wholesale house, young, experienced oMce
. clerk; state references. Box 3427. Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted In barber shop; steady
work. 1006 Mission st.
WANTED — A good porter at Plaza Barber
Shop, Oakland.
TEN painters wanted. 1515 Buchanan st.-
">00 BARBERS to buy our new brand of razors.
G. A. TROST Barber Supply Co., 303 Mason.
BARBERS — Best 2-chalr transient shop In Sac-
ramento lor sale. Inquire 2CO2 Mission st
YOUNG man for bill clerk In wholesale house;
state age and experience. Box 3402, Call.
WANTED— Boy to carry cut bread and help oh
cakes. . Pioneer Bakery, cor. Clay and Mason.
FOR sale — Three-chair barber shop. 779 Fol-
som. near Fourth.
: WANTED — Florist designer and maker up;
reference required. Address box 3403, Call.
TWO men wanted to learn barber trade tn
shop; wages paid. 751 Mission st.
CANVASSERS fcr new proposition. Call after
3 p. in.. 415 Eleventh st. Oakland.
MEN to loarn the detective profession. 197
Market st. room 104. 1
FOR SALE — A bargain: two-chair barber
J shop; must go East. 1608 Devlsadero st
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 32S Bush
- st, third floor, room 4.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all^parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st
'MEN wanted at 137 3d st., where shoes are re-
pulred by machinery; sewed soles 10 min.,75c.
SAILORS nnd younsj men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 415.
PENSION Atty., E.A.RulIIs, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Gco. H. Thomas Post G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, sub!«oriptir>ns~recelved at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
t'on of advertisements and subscript ion* has
beerl opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sires rnpn*s shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. Cft."* Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
SOX.ICITOKS WANTED.
WANTED — Active, educated "men of business
ability to sell the new International Ency-
clopedia. DODD. MEAD & CO.. 561 Parrott
building.
i - — . , ;
MAN or woman to canvass In Oakland: $6 a
Any. 1114 Washington yt. rnom .'I. 10 to 12.
HOKSES^AITP WAGQ-grs.
FOR sale — For want of use, a beautiful pair
of matched ponies, bays with black points,
51 inches high: kind and gentle to drive sin-
gle and double. Can be seen at the Olympic
Club stables. 603 Sutter at.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year |
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 100 Stevenson, S.F. i
NEW and second-hand buRKies, surreys and i
wagons. . 100. Golden Gate ave.
GOINO out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission Bt., nr. 13th. ]
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth, st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har- i
ness, work & driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BROADWAY. 1932. near Laguna — 8 rooms,
bath: marine view; rent $42 50. I
houses nrBiTiS-— ;p— rpB b__e.
FOR sale— Finely furnished house 9 rooms;
rent reasonable: pays well. 27 I.askle st, oe-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Miaaion.
' " : PHVALIP C—CAIBS.
8OLD, "rented, "exchanged: •: manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt;tel.Park 77S.
::XF_O"Jn__I"fT WASTED— Peaiale— Con
DRESSMAKER, expert, wants engagement;
bxt references. Box 3002. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position In glove house;
"Pine experience. Address box 273S. CalL
WANTED — Laundry work or housecleanlng by
the Cay. 345 Eighth at.
WANTED— Pot It Ion as waitress in country ho-
tcl. Pox 31M. Call office.
A RESPECTABLE girt wishes a position tn
bakery and candy «tore. Box 3134. Call.
A YOUNG lady wUhos a position for light
housework. Call st 1C9 Minna «t
WANTED — WORK by the day. house cleaning
• cr ws-shinc. Addrtfs 115 Hayes *t
A RELIATCLE young married woman want*
to work by the day. Apply 7 Lilac a\-e.
lit first-class waitress. Inquire 323 First
>trtet. .
ADVERTISEMENTS. rub5criptlor.» received at
Call branch ofi"ce. c -r. Duncan and Church *ts.
XV A NT ads- ar:<" rulrsori^Uon* taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Hazaar. CT* McAllister ft
E— CP—OTK T._-T WASTED — MA— 35
A mldfile-aprd gent'eman possessing tact, busi-
ness and executive ability solicits office rep-
rvseiitailpn of responsible business firm or
agency 'or Southern California; a resident of
Los Angeles, now tn this city: unquestionable
references. Address box .".'412. Call office.
AN exprSfnr-fd advertising writer and ad de- ,
rartment manager, top-notcher from Mid-
dle Ptatcs. 1* in Frlnco to locate and desire*
••<«¦••.!. :-. : salon* . reasonable to start. Address
A. Stranger, ("TO Geary Et.
AAA — Fctxr all around handy man desires a
fcteaJy rxwition: understands gardening, mi'.k-
in«, handy with tools, good horseman and
drivr; best of references. Box 2923. Call.
CHANCE front line battle of life to work for
repnta ticn: moderate salary; cood penman;
business rr.aa : total abstainer; 2S; must have
work or go tinder. Box 3432. Call office.
RKLIABLE. competent 'man. handy In general
around p— ice, understand* horsee, wishes
work. 709 Minna st.
CAPABLE young Swiss who had 3 years' ex-
perience in. cmbrujderles. laces, curtains and
white goods. cVsires position. Uox 3422. Call.
TOUNG man (Gcrmkn). IS months In the
country, wants a position of any kind in or
out of town. PAUL BACKER. 335 Fourth.
GOOD t>l'Jn-.bcr wants position; city or outside
cf city. Box 342t5, Call office.
JANITOR, vourjt man. wants poeltlon In an
office bunding. Address box 3454. Call office.
EHIXCLER, non-union, m-ants work; city. Box
3453. Call office.
POSITION wasted by mechanical engineer and
draughtsman. Bex 34*.9. Call.
CARETAKER, young man. handy with tools,
wishes to care for houses, hotel or institu-
tion, where painting, paper-hanging, plumb-
ing, lockstr.ith'ng, etc. needs to Toe done;
country preferred. Box 3254. Call cff.ee.
? SOBER. Industrious young married man
"»'lsl les position as clerk In store; has bad
four years' experience In general merchan-
dlte; can furnish good reference. 2095 How-
ard st.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper and stenographer,
wishes position as salesman of gents' fur-
nishing goods. Address C. C. P.. 2820 Six-
teenth st. city.
AS vaJet or companion, young Frenchman, age
22. can serve at table, decirev situation in
private family: speaks English fluently: good
references. Address box 3414, Ca*l office.
C —CPLOYMENT by one-armed man of good
address and habits; experience In Insurance
and clerical work: act as doorman or watch-
m&n. Box S239, Call office.
WANTED — Position by young man in either
wholesale or retail choe store; have also bad
experience In gents' furnishing goods. Box
?-z:<:>. Call office.
YOUNG man. can take care of all kinds of
fewinc machines, wants a position In shirt
or ladies' vest manufactory- STERN, 4t4Vj
Third st.
WANTED — Light employment immediately;
stranger; educates medicine, surgery; gradu-
ate England pharmacy; steady, sober, trust-
worthy; any work If living. Box 33118. CalL
MECHANICAL engineer. Inventive ability.
»an:« oocition wjth manufacturing com-
pany; prepared to make tight metal apec— J-
tlcs. Uox SOUL Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires position with responsi-
ble firm: will open, close and systematize
bookr; contracts taken by the week or
rrcnih; reasonable. Box 3344, Call office.
ADVERTISING specialist touring manager
and tress vsent. varied colonial experience.
Just arrived, desires appointment Address
box 2S7«. Call office.
A YC'l'N'3 man desires situation in private
tt-czl'.y or store; is good salesman: speaks
Frviich: will do most anything: wishes to
stucy evenings. Uox 2665, Call office.
GARDENER; practical, thoroughly experienced
in &il tranches cf gardening, capable of
ifeklng charje of large grounds, desires po-
Ution. Bex 26ti6. Call office,
•SITUATION wanted by young man in laundry
.hott:> of country i.Iant; M<4 years' experi-
ence with electric maehlnerv: also 1 year
flrit.g: references. Box 2671, Call office.
CAPABLE young Swifs who had 3 years' ex-
perience in embroideries, laces, curtains and
white poods desires position. Box 3422. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German, reliable, sober and
industrious, exj>eritnc«-d bartender. wants
position tn city. Address box 3425. Call.
DRAUGHTSMAN and machinist wishes posi-
tirjn to <Jo either class of work or both: will-
ing to go anywhere. Bsx 340$. Call office.
TOCKQ rr.an wishes position in wholesale
hous* as all-around man; steady and reliabl"
Uox 3418. Call office.
BOXEST. willing young man, looking for por-
ter and bartender ;y>eitlun. with good r«fer-
»ncet-. Box 2T00, Call office. •
YOUNG, strcng man with good education want*
to make a start la any line of business; best
rettr-ncA,.. Bex 3244. Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener; useful; can milk.
triar.-Ij with tools; good references. Box 3217
'.all o:tlee.
A GOOL* Japane** sthoolboy will accept a po-
«!tion as schoolboy in good family in coun-
try. H. I. I., box II, bun Lorenxo, Alameda
County.
AN excellent j-oung Japaneee cook wants a
ruclttcn in a small nice family; good refer-
ence. FRANK. 813 Sutter ¦_" city tel
liiark 4241.
JAPANESE voutig honest boy wishes to take
care at garden or housework In a small fam-
ily, rpeaks Ensign. FRANK K. li 1225
- LJcviaadtro et.; phche fecott 54S.
A YOUNG Japanese bey, gentle and honest
want* position a* waiter. on table or belibo-
:t: hot'l: speaks English fretly." G. Y. ITOU
712 gutter at, dty.
JAPANESE young, strong boy wants position
to t*k« care of garden or housework In a
' ?— ia!l family. K. ENLO. 235 Valencia st •
- . rttrme Church S1S2.
JAPANESE faithful young man wants a posl-
tlon ta do housework in a private family;
has references. FRANK OTA. 4 Carlos
r-lace.
I""NUST Japan^s* boy desires a i>">*!tion as
' «< Soclboy t>r at housework in private family.
1IIRAI. 744 Post si.: tflej-hone Futte-r 1731.
A .lAl'ANKFI-: war.ts r-osltlon at housework or
' frhoc'boy in the country. Address K. USHI,
-1". Ilaight s*t.
.A JAPANESE boy wants any kit id of work.
. liousework <t porter. morninB or aftcnujon
AddrtbS SUZUKI. 14*1 I3usb st.;tel.II>de 171
"TOITNG Japane*e wants p'are as schoolboy in
t.tna'1 family; tel. Fell UM HAMAI.V*. 102«
: . Oak st.
_TA TOUNO Japanese boy withes a position as
¦*»a:tcr on table: wagry $30 a month. 1617
¦ Cesry 6t; U\. W»st 97.
•r— YOUNG Japanese henest boy wants position
¦ -lo do t»n»ral houseworlt In email family
AMrrt * Y MINAMI. 41SA Post st l " aUy
A JAPANESE boy wants a petition as school- ;
' £ ** ° f < "" tnr - T "
. .A JAPANESE honent boy wants potfUon in a
saloon. «ore or efflce: has experience. Ad.
-. drew t=. KITA. 41SA Post st
.-'AN-f-xporlenced Japanese cook wanu po-ltlon
~ .-.-GSOJICK. 1410 Pine it; phene HyUe 171. I
A, JAPANESE want* position for mornlnr
-work. 154,{ Larkln et "rmnr
<X(OD Japanese tocy wants genera) help after
4-5 o'clock p. m. 40S Post et.. R.- BAN.
¦ A JAPANESE boy, crentle and honest wants
• paritien as schoolboy. M.U..321% OTarrell »t
. A CHINESE flrst-ctaas cook seeks situation to
. work. CHARLEY HONG. 27 Waverlr
,v r .place. , - ... . . ..
.TCHliS'EfeE cook, first class; has references: city
Address LOUIE YUEN, care 616,Dupont it
"~TA.~ .CHINESE first-class cook wishes situation
-'*- IB "hotel. WING. 753 Commercial **.;.
-OST AMP rOTTinP.
LOST—A small, enameled watch, trimmed with
gold, chain attached, between Franklin Hall
on Fillmore st and Sixteenth and Mission;
valued as keepsake. Return to 723 Capp st:
reward.'
LOST — Monday afternoon, between 3 :30 and 6
o'clock, a roll of greenbacks. Finder will
' please return to safe deposit vaults of Crock-
er- Woolworth Bank and receive liberal re-
ward.
LOST — A lady's gold watch; between Leaven-
-worth and McAllister, Jones and O'Fam-ll
sts. Return to C. R. WEBER. 100 McAl-
lister st; reward.
$10- REWARD for return of bitch puppy, four
months old. named Toy; grayish curly coat.
soft; black nose: resembles Eskimo; heavy
• limbs; no collar. Return 711 Pine st.
LOST — Sunday afternoon. In Tlvoll Opera-
house, a Jady's gold wntch. Please return
to MISS MacNElU 3C Clen Park ave.. oft
Twelfth st. bet. Mission and Howard; reward
LOST — Blnck cocker spaniel; liberal reward.
Return E. SANDFORD, 004*^ Haigbt st
LOST — Oct. IS. amethyst brooch, plain set-
ting: reward. Address box 3429, Call.
LOST— Gold clasp and letter "R" 'attached.
Reward if returned to 703 Webster st.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made Into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st.
— ATJUCB—S POS HI— JB.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for 'pleasure and business; tel. Bush 334.
J. Michaells Launch Co., Unlon-et. Wharf; boat- |
ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tel. John 2GS6.
MATTBEBS-S AlTD PILLOWS. •
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde 1
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 143234 Howard at; phone South 2Itf.
JKTWES^AjrD MXriNO.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining |
property. A. D. RKXFRO. Crossley bldg. ¦ j
MEDICAI.. ;
LADIES desiring safe, cure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me: my methods
are painless and reliable: no failures: no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders: call or write.' DR. WHITE.
702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— If you are In trouble, confide tn me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time la devoted exclusively to
theee conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. E»t. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. otfice 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. VVYETH, socialist for all female
. complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: SO years' experience. H2B Post st
MRS. ,DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
maJe troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market st. opp. Sth.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price f2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
Ince and tablets; price *>•*>. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. .1018 Market st
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER; 611A Leavenworth st. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. ¦
LADIES — Kumround; eafe, sure, never fails;
%2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 20f>5 Folsom st, corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10. r
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, . engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 6. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH _\VOLPMAN.10*Mu7 Fremont st:
DOES YOUR ROOF" LEAK?
1 Repair It with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay;
- r - needs no "painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with j-rlvilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDEH. 652 Mission st
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, hollers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddinz rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO., 25 Stockton st.
OSTRICH plumes at manufacturers' prices;
this week only. Fleur de LI* Millinery. SS4
McAllister st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and fl 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small' weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st, roeni 12. upstairs.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
- hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market st.
REGISTERED, pedigreed collie bitch nnd pups
for sale cheap. 374 Precita ave.. nr. Harrison
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers, Includ-
ing 1 Nationals, guaranteed; terms. 14 Turk st
SAFES and dssks, prices right, at Richardson
Bros., 123-123 New MontKomery, nr. Mission.
Wallpaper. 3%c: paint. $1 gal.: painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan. 1302 Webster; tel. Steiner 3671
2D-HA1^D bldg. material; lumber, door. saan.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks: for eale cheap at 28 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $73. SE-
CURITY TLOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50: terms $5 per
month. P. V, GARIN. 133 Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Pnlnt Co.. 319,- Third: tel.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
FOR t>B.\* — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL, 1021% Market st
MOVING pictures, magic lantern«. sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HErI
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. !DOAK.~46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WA2TTS.
AAAA — HIGHEST prices for ladles' castofT
clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st.
AA— BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladies' &
men's clothes. 022 Folsom: tel. Folsom 3"i22.
DIAMONDS and prectous stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. room 405. Ad-
' ams bldg., 20U Kearny St.; phone Black 3034.
WANTEI3 — Two Becond-hand- Chandler- and
Price -Job presees for cash. Write box 33UtS.
Call office. '
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castolt clothln?
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2851.
to i.oa.if.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
..... ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN..,
•". ...INTEREST 5% AND 8 PER CENT. . . ;
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
... . ..; PROPERTY .....;.....
¦. Second mortgages, .life Insurance policies, es-
tate:* In probate, undivided Interests In prop-'
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies 'and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY:...:
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5024.
"will loan ' ~ ~~
'¦' A reasonable amount on ! .
1 st. . 2d or 3d J
Mortgage, on real estate or .
Chattels, In city, town
Low rate of • Interest
"Give full particulars :
> of property or chattels.
< >¦ • Location.* etc.
' : Box 490, Call office.' . " " .
A — THE. Portland Jewelry Co., 25, Stockton St./
. j loans money on diamonds, valuables.- etc., ¦ at
2 per. cent per month^f^jaM^HaB_— MBff 1
~-_SONA __— Coating*—
"REXRADIO.""
European phenomenal "humanised Ra4lum"
healer successfully treats about 80 per cent
of all alleged "Incurable" diseases. Benefits
quick, often "Instant" First treatment
helps, or "free." Hours 2 to 7. 7834 Mar-
. ket and 1 Fourth st '
"SUNDAYS" (also dally). 2 and 8 9- ~—
"free" public lecture and the "sick healed".
In foil view of audiences. At these unique
meetings the "totally" deaf have instantly
heard "whispers" the length of the hall. 80
feet: "deaf mute" heard and spoke: tb*
lame, paralytic, etc. ran and "leaped." car-
rying their "useless" canes or crutches 00
their shoulders, and numerous diseases have
been promptly, wonderfully subdued, causing
I Intense Interest and sensation In the audi-
ences. Each treatment occupied but 3 to 10
seconds. "Come," see for yourself If all
this Is exaggeration or a grand reality.
Brlnx any number of your "worst" stek
cases and watch results. All are speedily,
wonderfully improved, but the easiest quick-
est-results of all are "total deafness," "deaf
mutes," "paralytics." etc.. which are abao-^
lutely "Incurable" by medicine, yet their
Improvement by "humanised radium" Is a
mere "trifle." RADIUM HALL, 783H Market
and I* Fourth st.
"REXRADIO" never prescribes medicine, 1 and
the only guarantee he will give la that IX
first treatment (alls to help you It Is abao-
lntely "free." Can anything be fairer?
••REXR.\DIO*S" very first treatment often
benefits, but the Increase and permanence of
the benefit. If possible, depends on a few
further dally treatments regularry taken.
"REXRADIO" Indorsed by "city physician"
at public meeting. He said. "I saw him
greatly benefit several chronic cases In my
offices. I strongly recommend him." (Nama
at offices.) •"-? ¦¦'':<'
" 'REXRADIO' in only S seconds made my 30
years' 'totally' deaf ear clearly hear distant
•whispered' sentences in view of audience.
Interview me."— Mr. B-. 832 Market, office 11
" 'REXRADIO' quickly cured my larg* stom-
ach 'cancer.' It soon dried up and was ab-
sorbed. Can't now see or feel slightest slin
of It. Am the most grateful man la city."—
H. C. Knott. 112 Fell. _^
" 'REXRADIO* In few seconds •jrobUcly*
quickened my long 'paralyzed' limb; Instant-
ly I walked, ran and 'leaped' easily from
the floor. See me."— K. Hall. 17 4th. r. S.
" 'REXRADIO'S* brief treatment subdued my
•heart' affection, palpitated violently. Ir-
regularly, missing beats; now regular, nat-
ural. no missing beats." — J. Little. 2O1 Hyda.
"REXRADIO." before many. Including Mr.
Butler., representative of "S. 7. Chronicle."
by one. brief treatment cansed "deaf mate'*
to clearly hear and Intelligibly speak sen-
tences and numerous words. Over 20 of audi-
ence each spoke to patient who promptly
heard and repeated their words. (Bring
some" "deaf mutes" Sunday healing meeting.)
"REXRADJO" made a second "deaf mute"
begin to hear and speak (precisely aa In
above case) In a local "physician's" office.
"REXRADIO'S" first short treatment marrel-
ously baneflted the disabled limb of Mrv
Bruce Lee (Lick House), well known to all
"Freemascna" as the honored widow of
Cal. "Grand Commander of Knights Tern- ¦
plar." The limb was tn a dangerous state.
greatly Inflamed, immensely swollen. First
treatment reduced inflammation and swell-
Ing, and after the third the Inflammation
was entirely gone and the limb of natural'
size. REXRADIO presents this pleasing In-
cident to the fraternal notice of his brother
"Masons.''
" 'REXRADIO'S' single treatment subdued
my locomotor ataxta.* 7 years "bedfast';
couldn't move limbs, stand. ¦ 'lifted* from and
Into bed. Right away I moved legs freely,
rose from bed and 'stood* unaided. No re-
lapse In weeks, still Improving. Bee me." —
Stuart. 682*4 Capp (rear).
"OSSIFIED" lady. Joints firmly grown to-
gether. "Immovable." One treatment In-
stantly Joints freed, moved naturally. Years
"bedfast," helpless, lifted from. Into b»d.
Now rose unaided, seated herself In chair.
Can now cook. etc.. still Improving. Wishes
to see you. — Mrs. Knowles. 373 Bartlett
" 'REXRADIO" went with me see sadly af-
flicted 'bedfast' man. full of pain, helnless.
couldn't rise from bed or move limbs several
years. I saw the (one) treatment and pa-
tient astonished me by rising (unassisted >
from bed and walking; limbs had largely re-
gained normal power; severe pains suddenly
ceased. Change was so great and quick It
seemed a dream."— I. Porter. 3460 20th. st
""•REXRADIO'S' one treatment Instantly
caused me to raise nearly powerless arm.
limb. ran. 'leaped' like boy (age 74). See me
at offljes." -^
" 'REXRADIO' quickly restored my 'ratlins;
sight' Couldn't read large print recognise
faces. Two treatments, read small print, rec-
ognized faces at 50 feet See me at offices."
" 'REXRAD1O' speedily eured our dangerous
lung affection, removed severe general rheu-
matism, opened many years closed nostril,
straightened crooked rheumatic arm. dis-
persed large tumors, cured neuralgia, etc
Get our 8 names at offices." ___'
" 'REXRADIO' Instantly caused my 17 years
.•totally" deaf ear to hear 'whisper 1 at 70
feet Get name at offices."
"REXRADIO" shows piles of testimonials of
various diseases wonderfully helped. Names
of witnesses attached. Including hundreds of
best citlsens, lawyers, financiers, property
brokers, physicians, mine owners, capitalists,
etc. Would they lend their reputable names
to "untruths?" Come, see this grand wuik
and form your "own" opinion. Rexradl..
courts the "light"
•REXRADIO'S" ads appear (dally) la all ta»
great newspapers. Read them. ¦
"REXRADIO" cordially Invites you to brlnj
your sick to his (to-day's) public free healing
meetings. 2 and 8 p. rn. Two entrances l.>
."Radium Hall." 783*4 Market and 1 4th st.
p-sopos-xa.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Mt>n — Notice ts hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor an I
furbishing the materials for reconstructing
th<- »outh drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at th* office
of the Regents. South Hall. Berkeley, at t>r
before 5 p. m. of October 24. 1904. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond of bidder, in favor of
the Regents uf the University of California.
ev-al to ten (10) cer cent of his bid wltl>
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bit
be accepted, the bidder will duly ent?r~ Ini •
a proper contract and give bond to perform
faithfully the duty and obligations In ac-
cordance with said bid and with the plant
and specifications whicn are hereby required,
to b» a part of such contract. The' right t j
reject any or ail bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies— C-
flce Depot Quartermaster. 36 New Mont-
gomery st, San Francisco. Cat.. Oct. 1..
18O4. — Sealed proposals. In triplicate, sub-
ject to usual conditions, will be received hv-n
until Monday. Nov. 7. 19OI. and thfn
opened, for furnishing fire hese. hose c«r.j.
Dlpe and fittings, for Camp Daraga, P. f.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal On*
eluding in the price of foreign production t"v»
duty thereon). The United States res«rv*s
right to accept or reject any or all bids vr
- any part thereof. Information and blac-c
nroDosal* furnished on application. Envel-
opes containing proposals to b* sealed aa<J
marked "Proposals for Qt. Mr. Supplies. N-.
8306." and addressed to Major C. A. Devoi.
Qr.. U. S. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCoT CAL.. September 24. 190*^
Scaled proposals. | n triplicate, wilt be re-
ceived here until 11 o clock a. m.. October
24, 1004, and then opened for ' constructing
additions to Captains Quarters at Infantry
Can torment. Presidio of San Francisco. Cal .
inclining plumbinc- Government reserves
the -right to reject or accept tiny or all bids
In whole or In part. Information fumish«J
on application to WU. 3. PATTEN. AsaUt-
- ant. Quartermaster General, Chief Quarter-
master.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL., October 17. 1904.—
Sealed ' proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m .. November
10. 10O4. and then opened for the construction
of an eme-gency hospital at Infantry Can-
tonment. Pres'dio of Han Francisco; Cal.. In-
cluding plumbing. Government reserve* , tht
r'iht to reject or accept any or all bids In
whole or in part. Information furnished -on
application to WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant
Quartermaster General. Chief Qaartei— ust«r.
__STOBAOB J± £?LJ! >^*5???5i 1 !?^.
X EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.; furniture.
"•• "household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72f>-
731- Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1«1.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st :
' phone Mint 2*41; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
lurniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
P1ERCE-KODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co.,' of-
flce Post and Powell st».; tel. Prt. Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and raerchan-
. disc. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phono Kast 12*.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. S49
Mission st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfnsa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2220 FUlmore et; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., It Montgomery
..st: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
Continued on ' Pa_e Fourteen.
KiMirc or a rire nut set- free with want advertisements
racp-Q-yi-EMT w_jrrED--MAi._--con.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife would like
work on ranch; wife good cook; man general
ranch hand: understands to take charge of
ranch; best of references. Box 2604, Call.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants seta of books to keep, opening and
closing books, expecting accounts, eta. Box
2263. Call office.- ¦
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week: has all necessary shop tools. Box 2SO4.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED, successful specialty salesman
wants sole sales* right for high-grade ar-
ticle or line for city and surroundlni; coun- !
try. Bor 3072. Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind; can drive and care for horses.
Box 3364, Call office.
STRONG young man, 20 years of age, wishes
position of any kind In wholesale house;
b««t of references. Box 3CS0, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, well acquainted In wholesale
and retail liquor and wine business, wishes
to get position. Address box 3095, Call.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want posi-
tions in hotel, boarding-house cr.carap, city
or country. Address M. E. E.. box 3312. Call.
A STRONG boy, handy with tools, would like
to learn the carpenter trade; has had some
ixperlence. Box 3217, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation to take
care of hors>es, gnrden. drive and general
work. H. B.. 013 Montgomery st.
GERMAN, 42 years, married, wants light
work; handy at most anything; best of refer-
enc». Box 2617. Call office.
WANTED — Situation In cigar store by young
man IS years old; good character. Box 2670.
Call office. -
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (male, 36) Is open
to an engagement; good references. BETA.
box 2975. Call office. *
A RELIABLE man wants poeltlon as night
watchman; references. Address L B.. 759
Folsom kt.
PLUMBER; firet-class; wages moderate: city
or ouLside of city. Box 3426, Call office.
WANTED— Copying at home. Address box
2924. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to carry morning paper
route. S. BULLOCK. 637 Webster at.
PACKER and stockman In glass and furni-
ture warehouse. 10O4 Natoma st.
WANTED — A set of books to keep evenings.
Box 3109. Call office.
WANTED — Place as collector: security given.
IL F. SCHILLER. 2024 Powell st
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation In the
country. Box 3241, Call office.
WANTED — Poeltion as collector or outside
salesman; exp.: good ref. Box 3238. Call.
PIN-NCTA I..
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by the best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
Interest ¦
Send for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCES CO. (INC)
1172 Brcadwsy. Cor. 14th St.
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940.901 86
Six pe/'eent
s Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome street
San Francisco. Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 7,22 Crossley bldg
"-ATS TO LET. __^
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
truuble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St.. on the square.
FINE flat 1*10 Devlsadero st, near Bush — 7
rooms, reception, bath and laundry rooms:
rent reasonable.
FIFTEENTH, 2282— Basement flat, 4 rooms;
$13. Apply on premises.
LOWER flat; 3552 Twenty-third St., near
Guerrero; 4 rooms, bath, basement
A NEW 6-room sunny, tinted flat 2ti32 Post
ft.; rent reasonable.
CENTRAL, modern flat; 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento at. above Powell.
LARGEST lUt of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON _ HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
$32 50— ELEGANT new 6-room flat. 1 block
north of Market. 1*55 Noe st. near 15th.
P-ATS TO X-ET— rUBHIS-ED,
BEAUTIFUL, modern 3 or 4 room apartment
with private bath, complete for housekeeping.
121ti Gough t.t.. between O'Farrell and Grary.
AN elegant, newly furnished flat, 8 rooms and
bath: sunny all day; must be sold imme-
diately; owner unexpectedly called East;
terms r«as. Mr. Pomeroy, 702 Market st.,r.7.
A MODERN, eunny, large 7-room upper flat,
newly furnished 9 weeks ago, mostly from
Sterling's: obliged to go East. 917 Jones st,
near Bu«h; call 9 to -.
FOR sale — A snap; 5 rooms completely fur-
nished; call 1 to 6 p. m. ; room to rent; rent
$14. 219H Tehama st.
FOR sale— A map: 5 rooms completely fur-
. nfshed; call 1 to 0 p. m.; room to rent; rent
SU. 21Bti Tehama st.
TURK. JGS»i— G-room flat, well furnished: good
transient; 2 rocms pays rent: all outside.
*un::y rroms; bargain if sold by October 21.
FURNISHED flat of 0 rooms for ealc; reason-
able-. 442 Fulton st.
$450 — FtTiN., sunny, corner flat: 9 rooms;
rent $45; Sutter. near Kearny. Uox 3409, Call.
•TPBIfYTUBE FOBSALE,
FIVE rooms and bath: furniture cheap; all or
pitr»f<: *tovr and water back, lounge, fold-
ing-bed, d'-sk, etc.; leaving city; rent $22 50.
1)*>3 Harrison st.
$7*> WORTH of furniture for $7 So down. $1 *jO
per w»-ek. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st
PART furniture 7-room hous«; 3 months*- use;
rugs, fis utove. water heater. Box 3242, CalL
HENRY MAYER pay* hlRhent prices for rur-
niture. carpett. etc. 7S2 Mlsalon: tel.Buah 813
ABE LEVY]
Salfsrcom. 1135 Market st. Te!. Jessie 761.
Don't «ell your furniture, carpet* office" fur-
nlture. ttc. until you get his estimate.
"{TILL pay 20 per cent more ror furniture than
dealer* er will r.ell on commission. , L. H.
RI'IUJ. auc. 1CS<} Market: phone Jessie 233<J.
WANTED — FEMALE,
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN. STAND-
ARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH AND
GROVE STS.
WANTED — First - class jacket alteration
hands. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.*
YOITNG girl to aselet with general housework;
good borne. Call at S50 North Point st;
Hrde-st car. '¦'•-¦¦. *-j;.
LADY for office work: must be accurate at
figures; city references of former employer;
salary moderate. Address box 3460. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED rcflned lady for general
housework: small family; good wages. 1002
¦ Golden Gate ave. . , - -
WANTED— Middle-aged women to do. house-
work: wages $1- to $15 month. 621 Sacra-
mento st ; ... '¦ .- *,.- •"¦-.¦
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
419 O'FarreU st; rear.- . -
GIRL to assist care children day time. Call
this afternoon. 2,to 4, 1978 Vallejo st.
EXPERIENCED business woman for position
, outside of city.' Box 3409, Call office. ,FOR SPECIAL LETTERS/ — The California
Safe Deposit and Trust Company yesterday ap
plied* for special letters of administration upon
tbe estate - of Grace •: M. A." Pedler, ¦¦¦ wbo died
October . 18. - The - property. - consisting ; of sev
eral flats, on Geary street and stock in corpor
ations, needs immediate attention. *
SAILED.
Wednesday. October 19.
• Stmr Rainier. Hansen. Seattle. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived Oct 10— Ital bark
Italia." from Port Anyeles.
Sailed Oct 19 — Nor stmr Tellus. . for Takn
ABERDEEN— Sailed Oct 1&-Bri* Geneva,
for Ceraldton. . - „ .
•Arrived Oct 1!> — Stmr Bee. hence Oct 15 V,
ISLAXD . PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 19 — Bp rtmr i ill©
•wera, -. for Vancouver; stmr Mongolia, for Yo
kohama. '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct lJK-Stmr Prtai
Oakar, from Genoa. Naples, «U.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 19.— The Union Ic«
Company of San Francisco will erect a
big Ice and cold storage plant in thla
city. Work has commenced at tha
site, at the corner of Center and
Julian streets, and a number. of wella
are now being bored. The plant will
cost between $80,000 and $100,000,;
and it 13 to be completed within four
months. Its capacity will be fifty tons
of ice per day. It will be modern in
every respect and will contain the
most Improved machinery.
New Ice Plant for San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 19.— Dr. W. C,
Evans, for the past two years paatoa
of the First Methodist Church of thia
city, has resigned to accept the pas
torate of the First Methodist ChureK
of Topeka, Kans. He will leave San
Jose in about two weeks. He will be
succeeded by Dr. Hutsinplller, now
president of an Ohio university an4
formerly pastor of the Central Meth
odist Church in San Francisco. The?
selection of the new pastor for tha
church In this city was made by.
Bishop Hamilton.
Win Be Succeeded by Dr. Hatsinpflleg
of Ohio. Formerly of
San Francisco.
DR. W. C. EVANS RESIGNS '
PASTORATE IN SAN JOSS
BAKERSFIELD, Oct. 19. — Rupert
Shaw, late secretary of the Consolidat
ed California Oil Fields Company aruj
affiliated corporations, was held to an-.
swer In the Superior Court to-day bjj
Justice Millard, on the charare of em
bezzling $1000. He cashed a checK
for the Pacific Refining; Company and
failed to account for It on the books.
He produced vouchers for some $7001
paid out, and the complaining: witness
did not know whether they were foa
this money or not, but no evidence
was introduced further by the defense*
Former Secretary of Oil Company In
Bakersfield Must Explain His
• Accounts.
SHAW IS HELD TO ANSWER
ON" EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 19.— Coroner
Sawyer held an inquest at San Quen
tin prison to-day over the body of
Convict William Stanley, who commit
ted suicide yesterday by cutting his
throat with a case knife. Stanley was
subject to fits of temporary insanity
and always requested one of the prison
officials to lock him in the insane ward
•when he felt a fit coming on. Yester
day, at his own request, he was locked
up and found later with his throat cut.
The jury brought in a verdict of sui
cide, and recommended that tha
warden be more careful in allowing
prisoners in that state of mind to have
knives In their possession. Stanley
evidently stole the knife from the din
ing room. At the time set for tha
inquest to-day. Warden Tomkins "was
entertaining Directors Felton and Wil
kins and Captain Russell. He exclud
ed all outsiders from the lnquesfi
which was held inside the prison walls.
Reporting on Prisoner's Suicide. It
Urges More Care In Allowing
Convicts to Have Knives.
JURY CAtTIONS WARDEN*
TOMKINS OF SAX QUENTIN
Union Trust Company of San Francisco
(owners) ¦ with Parcells Safe Company (con
tractors), architect Clinton Day— Burglar proof
coin. vault, etc. for building on E- Una of
Montgomery street. . 62:6 N of Post. N 50, E
87:6. S 25, W 25. S 25. W 62:6: also on NE
corner of Montgomery and Post streets. N €2:6.
E C2:6. S 57:11.- 8W 7:10. W 8«:2: $8678.
Charles Frey (owner) with James A. An
"drews (contractor and architect) — All work ex
cept mantels and window shades for altera
tions and additions . for . a two -story frame
building 6n — line of Eighteenth street, 120 N
of Howard. N 25 by E 125; $1600.
¦ Congregation Sherith Israel (owner) with
Wesley Heldt (contractor), architect Albert
Pissls — RooSns. galvanized Iron and iron lad
der - f o r synagogue building on NE corner of
California and Webster streets, E 132:6 by N
132:6; $G167. " Wr»tft\4"U Ml "If I HfMjk
¦ Mrs J. C-. Haveland Jr. or Lucy M. Have
land (owner) with John H.' Harding (contract
or), architect H. D. Mitchell— All work for
'alterations and additions to " a three-story
frame building Into flats on W line of Tenth
street. 100 S of Folsom. S 25 by W 100: $2550.
- Central Light and Powe r Company (owners)
with Anderson A Anderson (contractors), archl.
tects Dodge & Dolllver— All work for a two
story brick building on SE , line of Jeasie
Ftreet. 250 SW of Fourth. SW 25 by SE 70;
* 1S 8 2 - ' '¦¦'-.
Edwin Lawrence (owner) with Koschnltzkl
Bros, (contractor*), architects John & Zimmer
man — All work ' except painting;, plumbing and
(as fitting for a two-story frame buildlnc
(stores and flats) on E line of Ninth avenue,
175 S Of H street. S 50 by E 12O: $6000.
Isaac Mensor (owner) with Theo 8. Holn
(contractor), architect Charles J. Rousseau-
All work except gas and electric fixtures and
parlor mantels for a three-story and basement
frame building on NE corner of Geary and
Webster streets, N 82:6 by E 68:9. Western
Addition 276; $17,020.
Mrs. Sarah Mish (owner) with Currle A Cur
rie (contractors), architects Haven A Toepke —
All work for a one-story frame building to b«
used «rs a market, on N line of Oak street. 83:8
W of Devlsadero. W 64:6, N 137:6. E 18:9. S
30. E 45:0, S 107:6, Western Addition 516;
$4205.
Nellie Atkins (owner) with McKlllop Bros,
(contractors). architect — All work ex
cept mantels and grate for library and grate
and tiling for dining-room for a two-story
frame residence on N line of California street.
BO E of Baker: $6200.
Miss Mary E. Kchl (owner) with A. Knowles
(contractor), architects 'Reid Bros. — Lathing,
pla.ateri.ifr. coves, moldings, etc.. for building
on lot commencing at a point 27:6 from SB
corner of Powell and Geary streets, S 85 by il
50: $5002. i>
Builders* Contracts.
Mary E. Dunne to Edward Scanlan, lot on
W line of Boyce street. 125 N of St. Rose.
N 50 by W 103. Junipero Homestead; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam Hinkel. lot on SW corner of Octavia
street and Broadway. S 127:8U by W 103:1%;
E. L. and Josephine R. Hoag to- Jeanette
Perry (wife of James 8.), lot on N line of
Haight street, 150 E of Ashbury. E 25 by N
137:6; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Ely
I. and Helen J. Hutchlnson. lot on W line of
Mission street, 158:8 S of Thirteenth. S & by
W 100. quitclaim deed; $1.
Helen J. and Ely I. Hutchlnson to H. S.
Bonlfleld. lot on W line of Mission street. 86:2
B of Duboce avenue (Thirteenth street). S
77:6. W 100. N 75:9. NE 100; $10.
H. S. Bonifleld to Raffaele M. and Creusa
Consani, same; $10.
F. W. Kern to same, lot on W line of Mis
sion street. 85:8 S of Duboce avenue, W 100,
S 27:3. NE 100 N 6; $10.
Carl .Schmidt to Mary Schmidt, lot on E
line of Howard street. 140 S of Fourteenth,
S 30 by E 125; $10.
Estate of Robert White <by Emile White,
administrator) to Edward D. Carroll, lot on
W line of Valencia street, 105 S of Twenty
fifth. S 3:6 by E 00, quitclaim deed; $10.
Emllie White to same, same; $10.
William and Caroline T. Nlcol to John O.,
Florence P. and Mary V. Owens and Susie G.
Auerrero (wife of P.). lot on N line of Valley
street. 203 E of Dolores, E 25:8 by N 114; $5.
Mary V.. Florence P., Lena E.. John G. and
Annie C. Owens to Susie A: Guerrero (wife
of Patrick), came; $10
J. L.. Mary M., L. G. and Marie K. Siller
to Sophie B. Weldon, lot on S line of Bernard
street. 64 E of Jones. E 23 by S 60: $10
George W. Kallstrom to Lillian Meyer, lot
on W line of Jones street. SO S of Vallejo. S
20 by W 68:6. and property out of county: gift.
Ruby Hill Vineyard Company to Mercantile
Trust Company, lot on NW corner of Leaven
worth and Jackson streets. N 112. W 162 :S
S 30. E 24:6. S S2. E 138. and all Interest In
alleys described In 1652 D. 37; $10
Peter and Elizabeth Connolly to i Henry
Treub, lot on SW line of Paul avenue 50 NW
of Ware street. N W 50 by SW 50. block 7.
Garden Tract; also lot on W line of Kansas
street, 125 3 of Twenty-fifth, S 25 by W 100;
$10
Ada and Hartland Law to Fred and Louis*
M. Bart els. lot on N line of Lake street. 122:0
W of Seventeenth avenue. W 30 by N 100;
glft-v.
George W. and Olive E. Brooks to Kellx
Marcuse. lot on N line of Clement street. 57:6
W of Second avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Felix and Deiflna Marcuse to Caroline
Meyers, same: $10.
J. W. Wrleht A Sons Investment Company
to John L. G. and -Ruth E. Armstrong, lot on
W line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 350 S of Point
Lot.oa avenue, S 25 by W 120; $10.
I-ouls L. and Henrietta Z. Lawton to Wil
liam M. de Wolf, lot on SW corner of Twenty
ceventh and Point Lobos avenues, E 125 by W
95; $10.
William M. and Mary E. de Wolf to Ellis
C. Wilson, same: $10.
Anna D. Joost and George and Harriet E.
Thletleton to William J. Grant, lot on NE
corner of Plymouth and Lobos streets, thence
300 N. 123 E. 50 S, 125 W. lot 5, block. Q.
Railroad Homestead Association; $10. \
Same to Helen G. Autrobes, lot on NE corner
of Plymouth and Lobos streets, thence 350 N,
125 by E 50, lot 5. block Q, same; $10.
Elizabeth Church to Clementina H. Hopps
(wife of W. S.). lot on S corner of old San
Jose avenue and Farra«tut street, SW 410 by
SE 125. lots 1 to 5. block 5, West End map 2:
$10. j
Edwin J C Scott to John H. and Margaret
O'Brien, lot on E corner of Thirtieth avenue
and G street. SE 75 by NE 100, block S33, Bay
View Homestead: $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to T. Johannes
Kruse. lot on NW line of Madrid street. lOo
NE of Brazil. NE 25 by NW K)0. block 29,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Milo J. and Stella F. Gillett to Alma A.
Slade, lot on E line of Glrard street. 100 S of
Woolsey. S 23 by E 100. lot 25, block 7, Uni
versity Homestead; $10.
Edwafd . and Margaret Fahey to Mary
Loughnane. lot on SE line of Elsie street. 231
NE of Cortland avenue, NE 23:8 by SE 70. lot
275. Cobb Tract: $10.
Anna Joost to Anna D. Joost, lot 5. block 23,
Market-street Homestead Association, quit
claim deed; $1.
Anna D. Jocst to Fannie E. Stephens, lot on
W line of Falcon avenue, SW 50 from NW
corner of Falcon avenue and lot 5, block 2?.
SW 25. NW 126:6. NE 25:9. SE 128. lot 5,
block 22. Market-street Homestead; $10.
John and Mary J- Irelan to same, same: $10.
Julius C. Rals to Jo»ez>htne Porter, lots 12
and 13, block 44. Rels Tract; grant.
WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 19.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Blue Bull M. 27 — I Pine Gror* ..11 —
Columbia .... 25 — Qulncy 11 —
Dlamondfleld. 46 — Ray Ext en .. — 08
Esperanza ... 01 02 Ray & O'Brien 06 10
Gold Anchor. 14 — Ray Ton .... — 14
Gold Held B Bl — 20 Red Top 15 10
Goldfleld B&B — 14 Rescue 10 11
Goldfleld Dmd — 20 Sandstorm ... 20 26
Goldfleld MIn 55 * — Ton Belmont. . 66 67
Goldfleld Mhk — 23 Ton & Cal — 20
Ooldfleld SPk. — IS Ton Exten ...2 00 —
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — Ton Gt West. — 04
Gold Mt Con. — 02 Ton Gold Mt. 17 18
Hazel Ktrk ..11 12 Ton Midway..^ 38 39
Jim Butler .. — 00 Ton of Nev.D 62% —
Jumbo Bl 52 Ton N Star... 16 20
Jumbo Ex . . 20 — Utopia 10 —
Little Ton .. 25 50 West End . • . . 10 —
MacNamara . 28 30|
EUGENE, Ore., Oct. 19.— Swimming
through the huge breakers at the
mouth of the Slsulaw River, the crew
of the schooner Alice Klmball escaped
the fate of the vessel which Is fast be-
Ing pounded to pieces by the® heavy
surf. The schooner, bound from San
Francisco to Florence,- Ore., went
ashore Sunday evening. The news has
been delayed by broken wires. .The*
captain and owner, George Martin, and
his wife were rescued with difficulty.
The vessel arrived off the mouth of
the river Saturday and anchored at a
buoy, waiting for a tug. That night a
storm came up, two anchor chains
parted and the schooner was blown
ashore the next day. The story of tha
wreck, told by a member of the crew,
is thrilling. He says the first intima
tion he had that a storm of more than
usual severity was prevailing was when
the man on watch aroused the officers
and they in turn called the crew quick,
ly from their berths. The little vessel
was then tossing like a frail shell on
the huge waves that the heavy gala
sweeping inland was driving before it.
The night was very dark, and while
slight fears were felt by some of those
aboard, It was not thought the vessel
would drag her anchors. An exception
ally heavy gust of wind, followed by a
heavy wave broke one of the two an
chor chains and the little craft swung
around. This was quickly followed by
the snapping of the chain that held the
second anchor and, buffeted in all di
rections by the violent storm, the boat
was rapidly driven shoreward.
The ship's boat had gone in the wash,
so the crew had to swim. The spot
where they landed was some distance
from the nearest habitation, but a boat
was finally secured in time to rescue
Mr. and Mrs. Martin, after several ef
forts and much danger.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Vessel Caught in a Storm
and Captain and His Wife
Are Saved With Difficulty
NO HOPE FOE SCHOONER
Crew of the Alice Kimball
Has a Close Call at the
Mouth of Siuslaw Eiver
SWIMS THROUGH
H UG E BREAKERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTJ, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20. ltfO4.
Continued From Pag© Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
TO LET — Trim, and TTnfnrn.
THE Larchmont, 361 !Tu7ter^New"brlck bldg.,
finely furnished; hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per week.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night $1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
rcom; elevator, read--room; tree bu»; baggage.
WILLOW ave.. 6— Furnished room for gentle-
man: private family. Apply mornings, or
evenings. -.
WANTED — A lady to take a room in newly
furnished flat; rent, reasonable to the right
party; use of kitchen if prererred. S3 Col-
lfhgwood st. cor. Eighteenth. ,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c, to $150 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus: baggage.
WOLF House, cor. 8ixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms, 60c per night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
et advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
POWELL, 818. near California— Elegantly fur-,
nlshed sunny front parlor-^wlth or without
breakfast and dinner, in refined prlv. family.
NICE sunny furnished room with board. If
wanted, for lady or gentleman in a private
family on the "Nob Hill." Box 3231. Call.
VAN NESS ave., 700— Sunny alcove suite for 3
or 3 'persons; good home cooking; also small
room and board, $20.
EDDY. 888 — Room and board In renned fam-
ily.
EDDY. 1128. opp. Jefferson Park— Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
ELLIS, 1174 — Room with board for two young
men; private family; references.
HOWARD, 841 A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5-$6 wk. : American . family.
ROOM and board to let in private place. Ap-
ply box 3327. Call office.
ROOM and board. MRS. AHKMANN. 615
Taylor st.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
807 California — See rms. learn prlces.try table.
CHESTNUT, 266— One large room, with board;
reasonable.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes home In
private family; state conditions. Box 3461,
Call. ; '
SEWINa^JA^HTOESAKrjD^SJOrPPJtKS.
1000 RENTERS — Don't fail to visit the new
retail office of the White if you wish to rent
the best sewing machine on earth; price for
rent of best drophead machines, $2 per
month. Remember the place. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. $8; slightly
used $10. $15. $20: you know where the doIU
swing In the window. 1051 Market st
SOCIAIi. _^^.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here: a chance to: make merry; coiy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Muirhead building. Market and Larkin sts.
| SPECIAL HOTXOBS.
EXECUTOR'S sale — Harness, leather, tools,
paraphernalia, fixtures ¦ and business of har-
ness shop of Thomas Corbett, deceased. 215
Jackson st. Bids received by W. H. PAY-
SON, room 172, Crocker bldg.
'- BTQg^jpani-parg.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c: tablet form
mailed In plain package; has cured vhou-
tands. L- L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
VIAVI.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East. 282.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE— Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department, State of California.
EacrameBto, October • 11, 1004. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section 3668 of
the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that I have leceived from the State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
sessments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as tlxed by said
State Board of Equalization for ths year
1904. viz.: ¦
Central Pacific Railway Company. South
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company, Carson and
Colorado Railway Company, California
Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of
tbe San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
way). Southern California Railway Company
the Atchlson. Topeka and Santa Fe- Railway 1
Company: North fahore Railroad Company
Pacific Coast Railway Company. Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company, Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad Company
Nevada-Californla-Oregon Railway Company!
Eierra Valleys Hallway Company, Alamedi
and San Joaquln Railroad Company. Sierra
Railway Company of California. Gualala Mill
Company. Lake Taho« Railway and Trans-
portation Company. Boca and Loyaiton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro, Log Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and the .Pull-
man Company.
The State and county taxes on 'all per-
sonil property and one-half of the State
and county taxes on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday . in November next at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the btate
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior * thereto, 5
per cent will be added to the amount there-
of, and unless so paid on or before tha laa:
' Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., an I
additional 5 per cent' will be added to the j
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time J after the flrat
Monday In January next, and will be dcttn-
! quent on the last Monday in April next, at
6 o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to ,the
Btate Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto,
6 per cent will be added to the amount
thereof. -
E. P. • COLGAN. State' Controller. '
STTTTTEBIHG AND STAMMBBiyQ.
MELBOURNVlnstltute. VanYfess andiiarket,
cures; ettab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 0 p. m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday. . '
Martin Analos, 28 1014 Powell street," and
Maria Zazueta. 20. 1538 Powell etreet.
Thomas E. Gillmore. 25. 1830 Sutter street,
an.l Grace M. Henrietta, 21. 1830 Sutter st.
• Thomas J. Devlne. 34. 7?0 Tennessse street,
and Annie F. Selberlich, 30. 1030 Folsom St.
Marcellin Roberts, 38, Alcalde, and Evelyn
Clayton. 22. Priest Valley. J
William B. Glmbel, 21.. city, and May
Nellan, 18. city. \ ...
Jess3~C. Greenfield. 2S.2023 Pacific avenue,
and Nlta M. Farmer. 22. 160 Golden Gate ave.
Charles SuendeVman, 31, Colma, and Mary
F. Dunn/ 24, Colma.. -
Wllber F. Waddell. 21. Madera. and Mary
E.- Wiseman, 18. Madera. "
Charles W.- Swasey, 35. 207 Larkin etreet,
and Adelaide C. Elsen. 25. 407 Lombard street.
Hugh W. Fraser. 21, 1004 Markot street, and
Louise J. Abramslck, 20.' 140 Russ' street.
¦: Carlos 'A. .Call. 21, Fort Ross, and Kathryn
S. -- Kaiser/: 18. 11 Bernard • street. " , -
• Wllhelm' Koch. 64, 13B2 Sacramento "street. ¦
and Marenretha Guccenhuhl, OS, 1362 Sacra-
mento street..-- - ¦
' George A.. Simpson, .35. Los Angeles, and
Henrietta S. Henrix. 30, city.
Charles "E. -\V. Schubert. S3. 2018 .Mission
street, and Emma D. Bruns, 27. 2460 Mission.
•John P. Culver. 43, Chicago, and Gladys E.
Simmons. 26. -West Cooper,. Mich. • ¦;
;; Wellington ;O/< Hewitt.? 30. 585 Ellis street;
and Hazel G." , LlKhtner. IS. Oakland.' r^:jjBJ**i
- RayE..Vennum. 23,. San Jose, and Margaret
M. Connors. .23. San foee. -:¦---; '-¦->•¦¦<
'¦-. Francisco Barrcto, 38. 1114 .Kearny street,
and iLulsa Zaldivar, 20, 1114 Kearny street.
'-1 Francisco Costamagna. 31, 1401 Larkin street-
and Rosetta FoDDiano, 24, 1401 Larkin > street.
- Henry P. Baack..35. 1560 Powell street,": and
Sophie Fey. 22.: 1820A Powell street - „•*.':
¦- Coral O. . Jorndt, - 34, 301 ' Leavenworth : street."
and Lrticile J. Rankln. 28, 497 Eddy street « \-
•William O. . SDears.^ 34. Oakland, and Clara
M. Davis, -, 22. 33 John street...
DEATHS.
'.'Birth,' marriage .and- death notices sent by
mall will' not » be Inserted. They must be handed
In at > either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed ' with ) the ? name ¦ and 'residence ' of < per-
sons authorized ' to have ' the same published.
. Notices .restricted | simply I to . the announcement
of ; the event are published: once 'In this column
free of scharef-.'*".- i ->.- : ' •-¦;'--:• -?i' ¦¦ ¦ :.-.-. ¦
¦ : :-' ''';¦¦---'. : --
BRAUN— DETLEFSEN— In' this city. October
. - ID. ; 1904. > by; the Rev. J. • H. Schroeder, 1 Fred
Braun and Marie Detlef»en. r
STEFFEN— TROUTVETTER— In thta' city.
BERKELEY APVERT'S'NTS-
BIEKELEY SEAL ESTATE.
— $3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st, Berkeley; 8
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.),
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st,
Oakland-
$150 DOWN. ~~
To close out my holdings In Golden Gate and
near Ashby station, on the Key route. I wlll L
sen lots and build small homes on your own
plans for only $160 down.
M. L. WURTS A CO.. 1323 Broadway, op-
posite Postofflce.
6 ROOMS: modern; lot 40x75: fine location; in
South Berkeley; 4 blocks from Key. Route;
price $2600; $200 cash, balance. like rent.
W. N. RUSSELL, ,_
301 California itf San Francisco. Cal.
BEBgELEY HOUSES TO LET. .
FOR rent — In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, house of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storeroom: stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berryman station, 5 blocks from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university: 2025
Virginia st. between Shattuck and Mil via:
newly painted and papered throughout: rent
$35; will not be ¦ rented to tenants who let
housekeeping rooms. Apply 2« Montgomery
«t., room 8, San Francisco, or LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
BEKKELEY BOOMS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED room, with board. 1G30 Woolsey
st.. Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOMS FOB BCOtrSEKEEPIKCr.
BRYANT. 444 — Two or three eunny rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
CALIFORNIA. KC4— Two large sunny rooms;
middle floor; use of laundry and large sunny
yard.
EDDY, 1254 — Unfurnished and furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 34C2, near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished rooms; housekeeping; bath.
ELLIS". S36 — 3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let: yard.
ELLISDELL, 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; also single room; reasonable.
GEARY. 1225— Completely furnished room for
housekeeping; bay window;.. always sunny;
bath: marine view; $12..
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 370^— Nicely furnished
front alcove, with kitchen; private home.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1204— A eunny parlor
suite, suitable for housekeeping; also single
rooms; bath and phone.
GREEN. 1812 — Nice room; one or two ladies
or couple: housekeeping privileges.
HYDE and Washington (apply 1505 Washing-
ton— «2 newly furnished housekeeping rmi.i
every convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 2506.
JONES. 616V6. near Geary — Will let unfur-
nished to adultb, S rooms for housekeeping: in
a fine lower rear flat Apply on premises.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room nunny apartments; steam heat; cen. Ioc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam, heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAGUNA, 150", cor. Geary — Elegant 3-room
sunny suite; modern; private family; reas. -
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $3 to
$12: gas range; hot bath: adults.
POLK, 336, cor. McAllister — Large front room
and small cooking place for light house-
keeping, j
TOST. 962— Large sunny frcnt suite, gas, water,
etc.; $20: rear suite $10 month.
SCOTT. 300. cor. Page — Newly furnished
housekeeping rooms. 2, 3 or 4; sunny.
UTAH, 538. east of Bryant — Large bsement.
furnished, newly painted, gas. sink, toilet,
hot and cold water, cheap.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
APABTMENT HOTJSES.
6T. LOUI8. 1575 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-1
rooms; furn. or unfur.; refs. Tel. East 1330.
BOOMS TO LET — Pura. and tTnfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st — Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No, 1
Fifth st)— Rooms. 25c. 00c. $1, $1 50 night;
tl 50 to $10 week; house open all night
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. 112G Market and 21 Turk — Electiio
lights; running water In every room; j 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY. 3 — Fine gore corner; nice furnished
rooms by day. week or month.
EDDY. 110 — Launston — Opp. Tivoli; fine fur-
nished rooms for transients; reas. rates.
ELLIS, 1436 — Sunny rooms, cozy corner, with
or without board; terras reasonable; private
family.
FRANKLIN. 721 — Sunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences.
GEARY. 11-43 — Newly and attractively fur-
nished, rooms; all sunny, bath, phone; run-
ning water; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1005— Sunny room.'
running water, phone, grate and bath, with
use* of piano.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk. : readingr-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite, also single rooms; $2 to $7 week.
GRANT ave.. Ill, "The Astoria" — Downtown;
pretty rooms: $1 per day; week. $3 up.
HARRISON7 748— $5, $6. $7. single and double
rooms; will permit housekeeping.
HOWARD, 715 — Large sunny rooms 'at low
rates: 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 737%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to let from $1 50 up.
MARKET. 1040 (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; $2 f.O to $7 week; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day,
$2 to $8 per week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
O'FARRELL, 656—2 nicely furnished rooms
on quiet block near business center; reason-
able.
PACIFIC. 1520— Small room, nicely furnished,
for lady; rent reasonable.
PAGE. 1776 — 2 or 8 unfurnished rooms and
bath.
POST, 217, f near Grant ave.— Elegant - front
suite; also single room; reasonable.
POST. 951 — Large sunny room, to let; newly
furnished: call after 11 a. m.
POWELL. 230— Edinburgh— Furnished rooms
en suite and single; suitable for office.
POWELL.' 411V— Sunny furnished rooms- 'ras-
bath; $5 to $10 month. '
POWELL. 1106 — Large basement to let ~
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights -
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
i lor: rooms per night, 85c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator , on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SCOTT. 251— Sunny suite; private family; no
other roomtrs; 1 or ;2 .gentlemen; nice for
students;, reasonable. •' ¦.¦.-.•
SHRADER. 1038— Newly furnished room, two
blocks, from the park. ¦ -\ . v . ¦•;..-
SIXTH. 143— Rooms ', with ; housekeeping \ privi-
leges. -- ¦': ¦ - ¦ ..... -¦¦••:
STOCKTON. 41 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,
also single rooms, $2 to $7 week. . ; : •/ ».-.,•
ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis— New house: new
furnishings; fresh and '.cleans hot and cold !
water; ' baths; everything; sanitary; elevator ;
. service: if sunshine and cleanliness Is an ob-
3ect see these rooms; $3 'per week'up.V V '.-.""
SUTTER. 622— Pleasant furnished rooms; nice
location.,. . • ;
TAYLOR.' 624.. near Sutter — Sunny,- front, bay-
window, room; $12. ¦¦' }
TENTH,' 82S&— Nice sunny room with running
¦ water :. rent cheap. ; ~ ; - ,;
THE ST. KATHRYN,; CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY! THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS ¦ IN~- THE • CITY : * NEW
SANITARY^ HAIR MATTRESSES., BATHS
ELKCTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERVI
ICE. -HOT AND COLD-WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK. .
CARD OF THANKS.
We desire to extend our sincere thanks to
our many friends for their symoathy and
assistance during our late bereavement by
the death of our beloved husband and father,
C. E. Young.
MRS. A. L. YOUNG ANT> CHILD.
October ID, 1904, by the Rev. Paul Branke.
Henry Steffen and Louise . Troutvetter. both
of this city.
WILSON— MEDINA— In this city, October 13,
1004, by Justice of the Peace Lawson.
Charles M. Wllscn and Katherine Medina,
both of Stockton. Cal.
DIED.
Battke. Francis V. Irwln, William
Bell, Mrs. Dolores A, Johanson, Ilro
Bercowitz. Mathilda Kelly. Anna A.
Brady, Hugh Kergan. John Depew
Burns, Honora McGuire, Peter -
Donnelly, Mary E. Molonev, Margaret
c Eddy. Mrs. Harriet O'Connor. Margaret
Knnls, John Dunbar Pedler, Grace
Evans, Mary N. Rasmussen, Alex
Fogarty. Michael Shannon, Edward F.
Gillesple, Alex G. Smith. John D.
Godfrey, George B. Stempel. John Henry
Haughton, Jane Zabriskle. Justine
BATTK&— In this city. October IS. 1904,
Francis V., beloved son of the late Henry J.
and Bridget A. Battke, and beloved brother
of William B. Egan and the late John A.
and Winefred A. Egan. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years 8 months and 2 days.
E"rFtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 p. m., from the parlors
I ¦ of McFadden, McBrearty A Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where services
will be held at 1:30 p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BELL— In; this city. October 10. 1904. Mrs.
Dolores A. Bell, beloved wife of William IK
Bell, and mother of Harry, Joseph and
Jerome Bell. Mrs. O. R. Wolff. Mra. E.
Murray. Mrs. T. Foster, Mrs. L. Spellroan
and C. A. and W. O. Bell, a native of To-
ledo, Ohio, aged 56 years.
BERCOWITZ— In this city. October 10, 1904.
Mathilda, beloved wife of Simon H. Ber-
cowlta, and mother of Abraham, Aaron and
Dora Bercowitz, a native of Germany, aged
63 .years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), October 21, at 10 a. m., from the
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 057 Mission street,
thence by 11:30 a. m. train from Third and
Townsend street to new Salem Cemetery for
Interment • . -
BRADY— In thla city. October 19, 1904. Hugh
Brady, a native of Ireland, aged 87 years.
BURNS— In this city. October 10, 1904,
Honora. dearly beloved wife of Henry Burns,
and mother of James, John, Martin, Joseph,
William. Frank and Sarah Kedlan, Mrs.
Joseph Doyle and Mrs. Jewell Slebersfa
native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 376 San Carlos avenue, thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem hitch mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing' at 9 a. m. Interment strictly
private.
DONNELLY— In this city. October 18. 1904.
Mary E. Donnelly, beloved mother of Mra.
, M. Harrigan and Mrs. W. Struss, and sis-
ter of William and James Gill, a native of
Boston, Mass.. aged 45 years 5 months and
14 days.
. C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, October 20. 1904 at 10 a. m., at
the mortuary chapel o f Julius S. Godeau. 305
¦ Montgomery avenue. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
EDDY — In Montreal, Canada, October 14 1904
Mrs. Harriet C. Eddy sister of Mrs L. M.'
Foulke and E. W. and E. B. Edson, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 80 years
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. October 21. at 2 p. m.. at Gazelle
Slskiyou County. Cal.
ENNIS— In this city. October 18. 1904, John
Dunbar Ennls, beloved husband of Anna T.
Ennls, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 49
yeare. A member of San Francisco Aerie
No. 6. F. O. E.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 p. m., from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Ths members of San Francisco
Aerie No. 5, F. O. E.. and of the Veteran
Firemen's Association of the San Francisco
Fire Department are requested to attend.
EVANS — In Oakland, October 15, 1904. at 636
Twenty-second street, Mary N., beloved wife
of James Evans, and mother of Fred C. and
the late George S. Evans, a native of Iowa,
aged 06 Years 11 months and 6 days.
FOGARTY— In this city. October 18. 1904,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Fogarty,
and father of William J.. Charles K.. Nel-
lie F. Florence A. and James V. Fogarty,
Mrs. David Wilson and Mrs. Martin Nagle.
* native of County Clare. Ireland, aged 73
years, v
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late
residence, 400 Utah street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GILLESPIE: — In this city. October 19. 1904,
Alex G. Gillesple, a native of Scotland, aged
79 years.
GODFREY — In Seattle. Wash., October 13.
1904, George B., dearly beloved husband of
Johanna Godfrey, and beloved father of An-
nie. Richard, Josle. John and Catherine God-
frey. Mrs. L. Gaudet and the late George
T. Godfrey, a native of England, aged 66
yean 4 months and 25 days. (Yarmouth and
Scarberry. England, papers please copy.)
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thurs-
day, October 20, at 9 a. m.. from his lats
residence, 1410 Seventh avenue South, be-
tween L and M streets South, thence to All
/ Hallows Church. Sixteenth avenue and N
street South, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reDose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Also
services will be held at Imp. O. R. M. Hall.
Golden . Gate avenue, between Leavenworth
' and Hyde streets, under the auspices of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.,
commencing at 11:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
HAUGHTON— In this city. October 16. 1904.
Jane.' beloved wife of John Haughton. and
mother of Mrs. P. Flick, Mrs. L. H. Price
and J. W. and Albert Haughton. a native of
Leeds. Yorkshire, England, aged 60 years 8
months and 21 days.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-day (Thursday), at 2 p.m.. at the
family residence, 3671 Nineteenth street,
thence to Mount Olivet Cemetery via electric |
funeral car ' from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. *
IRWIN— In ' {s this city. October 19, 1904,
. William Irwln. beloved husband of Rebecca
Irwin, and father of William A. and Edward
H. Irwin and Mrs. Edward P. Levy, a na-
tive of Ireland.
[ET'Friendti and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday October 21. at 9:30 a. m.. at his
late residence. 1356 Geary street. Interment
Cyprrss Lawn Cemetery.
JOHANSON— In this city, October 19, 1904,
Iiro Johanson. beloved brother of John
Johanson of the Finn ship Glenard. a native
o; Finland, ared 23 years. ¦ •.>... ~;..j
KELLY— In this city. October 1». 19O4. Anna
Augusta, dearly beloved daughter of Michael
ami Katie Kelt v. and sister of Mary Ellza-
.beth Kelly, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years 5 months and 6 days.
> - C7Frlendft and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) - at 9:30 a. m... from the residence
of her Barents, 51 Shipley street, thence to
St. Patrick's -Church for services, com-
mencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KERGAN— In this city. October 18, 1904, at
his resldenc*. 328 Hyde street. John Depew
Kergan, dearly beloved husband of Catherine !
Kergan. a native of Ontario, Canada, aged C5
•years 6 months and 14 days. (Detroit and
Carunna. Mich., capers please copy.)
(£7 Friend.* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tfce funeral Saturday.
October 22, at 10:30 a. in., from the chapel
of Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
McGUIRE— In \thls city. October 18. 1904,
Peter McGulre, a native of Lincoln, Nebr.,
: aged 28 years 6 months and 15 days.
MOLONEY— In Oakland. October 18. 1004.
Margaret Mary, beloved wife of the late John
• Moloney, and mother, of Mathew D.. Ed-
ward. P. and John J. Moloney. a native ol i
County Waterford. Ireland, aged 79 years. j
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
October 20. 1004, at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, -822 Adeline ¦ street, thence to
Church of the Immaculate Conception, where
a requiem . mass will - be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Please omit
flowers. • \
O'CONNOR— In this city. October IS. 1304,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Michael
; O'Connor, and mother of Mrs. John O'Brien,
Mrs. "; C. - Herkenham. -- Mrs. Georre Cresse. 1
" ' Mrs. Charles- Laubenhlemer and J. J. O'Con-'
nor, n native of Ireland, aged 83 years.
-E7The funeral '¦will take place to-day
(Thursday), at H:30 a. m... from her late
residence, 610 ¦ Third street thence to St
Rose's Church,'. where a requiem -high < mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. - • Interment Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery; by train at 11:30 a. m. from
I .Third and .Townsend streets.
PEDLER— In ' this city. ' October ' 18. 1904, at
. 7 her/ . residence. Grace, . wife of Joseph . R. i
Pedler. ; /
" iCTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
.tend, the funeral services Friday, October. 21,
: '¦ at; 2 p.';m:, at her late residence, 1850 Geary
.".; street. Interment private. ¦_
RASMUSSEN— In - this city.* October 18. 1004,
Alexander Rasmussen. husband of Albertine
. Rasmussen."- and father of Alexander Has-
-. musscn.v and brother of Sis-fried and Oscar
Rasmussen. a native of Als, Nord Schleswie
. Germany, aged 41 years. . ' . .
SHANNON— In this city. October 10,-1904/
? Edward = F. ¦ Shannon. .' beloved son of Mary
. - and R." T. Shannon, and brother of Mrs • L."
•Crlmmlns 'and Katherine - and R. 1 T. i Shan.
non -, Jr.; ,. a native of - San ? Francisco, aged
¦ 0 months. ;. -V - '¦^pVa9S9^8v E WKfCCp^aQma
SMITH— In South San Francisco. Cal.; -Octo-
: • ber. 17, 1004, > John Dledrlch Wllhelm SmHh
. beloved "¦ son • of 'John H.^ and * Emma V M L.'
; .Smith, and. brother of Mrs. L - Hoffmann and
Ernst. -. Harry. ¦' " Emma. : Dorothys and the
F.Y J. ' Monahan. '• Manager. : \el. ; Mission 31.
MONAHAN; 0BARAS&T£03
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND : EMBALMERS,
2339-2341 Mission st. near Nineteenth.- -
San ' FrancUca. : ' : • ¦> ..." .
gEAI. ESTATE— CITT — POR 5AI.E. |
SAGE. DEALEY * CO.. -
C3S Market et. opp. Palace Hotel. «
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION
At our salesroom* at 12 o'clock noon. Thurs-
day. Oct. 27. 1904.
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS SITE.
No. 313 Stockton St.. north of Post.; lot
20:1 4x60 ft.; improvements thereon a 3-story
building, consisting of store and 2 lofts, with
basement- will lease for about $250 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Noe. 53S-540 Noe St.. north of 19th; Im-
provement* consist of 2 modern flats, contain-
ing 6-C rooms, porcelain bath, gas praten,
wooden mantels and tiled sinks; rent $47 50;
bulJt <f months; mortgage $1800.
WESTERN ADDITION HESIDENCE.
No. 275S Filbert St., *ast of Baker; Im-
provements consist of a modern residence, con-
taining 7 rooms and porcelain bath, unfinished
attic apd one finished room in basement; lot
23x107 ft., irreirular: rented for $40 per mo.
RESIDENCE SITES.
EE. line of Park Hill ave.. 155 ft. NE of
Tilden et.. 55x112 ft.; property situated in
the Park Hill Homestead Association; com-
manding an unsurpassed view of the entire
city; the most desirable location for a resi-
dence: In the vicinity of Buena Vista Park.
POTRERO COTTAGES AND BU1LDINQ
LOTS.
NO. 1. i
No. 1101 Rhode Island et. north of 23d: lot
23x110 ft.; Improvements consist of a modern
cottage, containing 8 rooms and bath; nlodern
plumbing; permanently rented for $20 per rao.
NO. 2.
No. 1101 De Haro st. : Improvements consist
of a modern cottage containing 5 rooms, iarpe
stable to accommodate 3 horses, fine well,
water tank and windmill; lot 25x100 fM rent-
ed for $12 per month.
NO. 8.
BuiMir-c lot on the east line of DeHaro st.
408 tt. north of 23d; lot 2Sxl CO ft
NO. 4.
Eart l'.oe of Rhode Island «t. 4OS ft north
Bl 23d at. 2Sxl00 ft; to be eold as per dia-
gram.
FIRST-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 314 First «t. south of Folsom: lot 20x
72 ft.; improvements consist of a 2- story
bu!l£lnr and larre basement, used as a ma-
chine chop; rented for $50 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 54-56-5S Sharon Et, north of ICth.:
lot 25x125 ft.: improvements consist of 3 new
flats of 6 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
$72 CO pe r mo.; mortgage $2CW; built about
one year.
FIRST-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. S59-359U-3C1 First St., NW. of Har-
rison; lot 45:€xe8:9 ft; improvements consist
of frame dwellings, cottage and 2 flats; rent
JlC per mo.
MASON RT.
No. 1315 Mason st., north of Jackson; lot
?52:8x127 :6; improvement* consist of a 3-story
brick building, with fiat and large stable in
rear.
BUSINESS CORNER.
Nos. 2S33-35-37-20 Laguna st and 1901-5-7
Union, belcc the SW. cor. of Union an,* La-
guna; let 30x100 ft.; Improvements consist of
2 stores «nd 0 flats; total rents 5167 per mo.; !
concrete sidewalk, street bituminized, build-
ing having been erected 3 years.
LOMBARD-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 2556 to 2574 Lombard st. west of De- J
vltadero st; lot 80x137:6 ft.; improvements
mr.flft of 8 new, modern flats, containing
4-5 rooms, porcelain baths, shingled fronts;
rents $146 50: beautiful grass lawn around the
entire building.
THIRD-ET. PROPERTY.
No. 340 Third st.. NW. of Harrison; lot 25x
80 ft: lmprox-emeats consist of a 3- story frame '
building, consisting of store and rooming- '
house above, containing 14 rooms; rents SSS 63
per month; new, modern plumbing throughout •
the entire building. | •
SAGE DEALEY A CO..
638 Market ct. opp. Palace Hotel, j
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.. I
NO INTEREST. I
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead ! i
Tract; level as a billiard table; on etreet j !
erade; oloee to fine school: not far rrom the )
Misslon-et. electric cars; secure one as an ' <
investment and by the tim* it is paid for it ! I
will have doubled In value the way prices I
have advanced during the past year; buy '.
now before prices become prohibitive in this '
rapidly srowinjr section.
W. J. WHITE. . .
26 Mrmtgomery rt.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704. f i
GET In now; bottom prices: Corbin station, : I
West Berkeley, to be made terminus We5t j
Berkeley local; cheap lots: trains every half ! :
hour; (3 per mo. commutation tickets, 5c j ,
each way; 50 minutes from San Francisco: I
only $5 per mo. upon each lot: buy a lot in j '
Home Pork Tract; double your money; sta- i ,
tion on ground, surrounded by residences A ¦
factories. J. W. LAYMANCE. 632 Market, j
r. 1(», or agent on ground. 10 to 5 p. m. 1 ¦
JiOOO— 0-room house, 2773 Twenty-third st: i
this is a forced sale and will not refuse a :
fair offer: could be made Into flats w«»h a. '
very litt!* expense; will loan $2000 on this. I
I). COFFIN. 2528 Mission st.. near 21st I '
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses, 6 rooms, bath I
and basement; beautifully finished, up to !
date and sunny: E. side of Tenth ave.. near i
I tt.. Sunset. Hellett A Gee. on premises.
NL'W colonial houses, containing 2 flats of 5 J
rooms, reception hall; rents $46: $5500: ea»y L
payments. 13 st., bet. 3d and 4th ave;. >
A $2000 HOME built to suit you. lot Included, i
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual j
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid. I
ALL work iruarnnteed first class by AHL- !
BACH & MATER, plumbers. K30 Howard St.
i « in !
ZTAPA CITY REAL ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT!
OWN YOUR OWN HOME. !
PUBLIC AUCTION.
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT. I
NAPA CITY. CAL.. '¦
SATURDAY. OCTOBER -J2. 1304.
11 a. m.
KK) CHOICE, LEVEL. LARGE LOTS 300
Adjoining City of Napa. on proposed line of
VALLEJO. BENICIA AND NAPA VALLEY
ELECTRIC LINE.
Now Being Constructed.'
Terms — One-half Cash per Lot — Balance 6
and 12 month*. Interest on deferred pay- |
mente. 6 per cent per annum; 10 per cent dls- t
count for rash on deferred payment. i
GOOD LUNCH SERVED FREE ON DAY'
OF SALE. 1
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT CO..
Owner*.
ED. R. SMITH. Auctioneer.
BE INDEPENDENT!
BUY FOR INVESTMENT.
SAg KATXO_BEAIi ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mate» electric
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth an<1 Market sts.:
outtMe the for belt and J-jst beyond where
the S. P. Co.'« bay shore "cutoff' will Join
the main line; CO-foo* lots from $400 up;
terms only $10 down ar.a $10 a month; sewer
and water pipes in fror.t of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots sold stne*
Augu&t 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot in this desirable ee.ction; take the
electric ear« and ret off at "LOMITA
PARK" and Investigate; maps sent on ap-
plication.
fcELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Tel. Main 673. lie California «t.
*EAI. ESTATE — COXTITTBT— For Bala.
SNAP. ~~ ""
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
ISO-acre full bearing fruit ranch. mostly
prunes: all necessary appliances for handling
the crop; two sets buildings; will divide and
sell on easy terms or exchange for Oakland
Berkeley or S. F. property; price $30 Ojq'
3. H. EDSON. 14 and 13 Bacon block. Oakl
land.
EALE or exchange for city property: eacrlflce;
153 acre*. Napa Co.: «O acres In cultivation- '
fruit vines and grain : fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
BHADBURNE, 405 Montgomery st.
POULTRY men and email farmers buy now-
finest valley land in Sonoma County on very
***y terms; nend for descriptive circular
PETERS A BAINES. 116 Montgomery it.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the b»n land
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTER CO
C4S Market tt "'
$300o WILL secure a larre tract of land that
is wcrth four times the amount asked; must
be eoia before November 1: a chance to make
a fortune; positively no risic. Box 2702.. CalL
A SNAP tor Immediate cash; 200 acres of the
finest land In Northern California. ALEX I
MURDOCK. S75 Thirty-seventh et.. Oakland.
CHICKEN SAKCHES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on "gentle slope: clze
to suit; easy terms; plenty water: One fruit:
rail for details: go and cee Sunday. Owner,
713 Mills building.
EAHCH TO IiEASE.
TO rect — 21-acre fruit ranch, near Santa Rosa: !
12.*.' i rent per year; complete set of farming )
tooU: also hcrse and wagon. I cow. Apply !
G30 Sacramento «t, San . Francisco. - : ¦'..:
rZMBEU " X.AHDS. ~~ ~~
FOR SALE.
5000 acres best timber land In Northern Cali-
fornia; will average 35.000 feet per acre;. %
redwood and >£ fir- For full particulars see
J. W. JAQUITH.
. 1312 Market. st. .
Hoomt 418-419. Phone. Folsom 3468.
<^^jCA^ j gJBTjlTE^ro^EJgCa[AgOS/
AN elegrant 10- room house In. the. best location
In Oakland to exchange for land or lot*. . P
C. LA SEEN A CO.. 466 Tenth Bt, Oakland.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley ' or' S.-F. property
for tanche*. J. IL ED5-0N. 14-1* Bmod
hUy !r Oakland.
| SEAL ESTATE— CITY— rOB SAIiE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St.
AVCTION
AUCTION
of investment residence and unimproved
properties will' be held at our Bale8r °? n } I n ,r ( 0
Montgomery »t., TUESDAY. October 25. 1004.
at V- o'clock noon. (
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
SW. cor. of Francisco and Leavenwortn
«ts.. 1S7:(jx13T:C; an elegant site, having an
unobstructed marine view.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
Outside Land» block sjsJ; size. 240x000.
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
1143 Larkin st.. west line. nr. Eutter St.;
three-stcry house, containing 10 rooms ana
Lath; rents 500 per month; bank mortgage of
$75O> at C per cent can remain; 27:6xll-it5.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
121« Fulton et.. north line. bet. Scott and
Drvisadero ets.; a 0-roem dwelling, bath,
etc.; rents $45 per month: 25x137:6.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
2C2B California ft., north line. bet. Octa-
via and Lacuna sts.; a desirable residence of
1> rooms, bath, laundry, etc., In perfect or-
der; S4:4Vixl!t2:tJ.
CHOICE nAKEK-STREET LOTS.
B*ker et., east line, b*t. Fell and Hayes
ets. : 2 choice lots, isuilable for residences,
apartment houne or flats, being on the main
driveway tc the Park and overlooking the
entrance to Park Panhandle; 25x100 each.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Wc»t line of Guerrero St., bet. 24th and
25th ets.; alto Fair Oaks st.. east line, 25z
125 each; choice location for residence or
flats.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Dolores St., east line. bet. 24th and 25th
Bti., and Fair Oaks, west line; desirable
building lots, commanding fine view; 25x123
each.
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
1326 Page «t., north line, near Central ave. ;
2-story dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x114.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Oak st., south line, bet. Baker and Brod-
erick sts-.; 2 choice building lots. 25x137:6
each: overlooking entrance to Park Pan-
handle.
DESIRABLE BUILDING LOT.
Sacramento 6t., south line, bet. Maple and
Spruce ets. ; 27:6x132:7^.
MORRIS AVENUE INVESTMENT.
7 Morris ave.. east line, off Harrison st.,
bet. 5th and Cth sts. ; 2-story house ar-
ranged Into 2 flats of 5-4 rooms each; rents
$32 50 r>er month; 25x80.
COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
871C 22d et., north line. bet. Sanchez and
: Nee sts.; a r.ew modern cottage of 6 rooms
and bath, high basement, concrete bulkhead,
cement walks, etc.; 25x114.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
ply to our of lice.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
20 Montgomery st. '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for St.
?BOPEBTY WAgTEB.
I HOG or chicken ranch, cheap for cash or will
: exchange. 163 Belvedere Bt.. near Haight.
F1IUITVALE ADVERrS'TS
rHTJITVA^i: KI!A3j ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 206.
Ofuce, half block from Fruitvale station.
! $1200 — Cottage of 4 rooms, high basement;
j choice corner; beautiful view; fine full-bear-
! ln£ orchard; nicely fenced: small barn; close
j to street cars and fine graded school; lot lOOx
125; fine place for chickens.
J15O cash — Just completed; up-to-date cot-
tage of 5 large rooms, pantry, bath, high base-
ment; commands a beautiful view of the /bay
and mountain?; 2 blocks to street cars; offered
: at a sacrifice; lot 50x120; monthly payments,
j $18: price, all told. J2GO0.
I $2250 — Chicken ranch; new house of 5 rooms;
1 chicken hoaxes and yards; young fruit trees;
! large, fine shade trees; nice creek; line loca-
; tion; close to school and street cars; lot 125x
200.
S2100 — Splendid house of 6 rooms and pan-
tries; fine well, also city water; fruit trees
and flowers, all surrounded by a tine picket
j and wire fence; lot 100x200.
i $1150 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 rooms, high
! basement; fine well of splendid water: chicken
j houses and yards; property nicely fenced; close
; to graded school, postofilce and church; lot
50x100.
! $1300 — A big snap: new 5-room. large pantry,
I bathroom, 2-story, shingled house; close to lo-
i cal train and street cars; nice large lot; Etreet
j sewered and macadamized.
$1700 — Just finished; handsome colonial cot-
j tage of 5 rooms, bath, pantry and high base-
! ment; clcse to fine school, local train and
street cars; lot 3Sxl25. • <
$l250-j-Nice cottage of 4 rooms: fine well of
mounuli wattr; young fruit trees; all kinds
I of small fruits and vegetables; splendid sandy
I loam soil; will make fine chicken ranch; ele-
gant view; no cold winds or fogs; lot 100x245;
i close to street cars. ¦,
\ SMALL PAYMENT DOWN AND EASY
MONTHLY PAYMENTS CAN BE MADE ON
ANY OF MY PROPERTIES.
; Fine lot on Fruitvale ave.. 40x120; $900.
I- Choice corner, 50x125, only $750; street work
| done; sewered.
: WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD YOU
I A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract; fine
I soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
' no cold winds or wet fogs and lots only $75
, each; $o down, balance $2 50 per month.
I CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
M. C. GIBSON.
$1900— $18 prr month. $250 down; large 5- i
i room cottage, close to station; this ts new and \
strictly, uo to date. . :
I We have 3 or 4 lots left yet that w- will
I build to suit, and the payment will be only
I $150 down.
Of flee open Sunday all day. Phone Vale 290.
1326 Fruitvale ave., near Fourteenth st.
FOR SALE— $2750; It eq»t $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on let, 40x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. - -.- ;• • ,-
j LOT — 50-foot frontage on Fruitvale av«.; want
'. offer. Address owner. P. O. box 4G2, Fruit-
j vaK Cal.
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'M'Ta
OFFICE. I01C BROADWAY.
_ OAmLANP REAS ESTATE.
¦ 0 ROOMS; modern: lot 30x100, In Piedmont;
3 blocks from Key Route; fine neighbor-
hood; JH>".i; $100 cash, balance like rent. "
Nice modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt; close to new Etreet-car extension,
which will enhance value; 7 rooms; lot 55
X232; price $3150: $200 cash, balance like
rent. ' •
9 rooms; modern; lot 50x100, lying high,
with cement retaining wall; In East Oak-
land, near new Key Route service; price
$3500; S.'.0O cash, balance like rent. !
Mansion in East Oakland; 14 rooms: Q j
lots: suitable for sanitarium or private hoe- j
pltal; $0500; ea*y terms.
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California st.. San Francisco, Cal.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
-We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the pretent market rates. If you want
j a bargain call on or write ua for particulars
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway. '
LtJTS $00. $2 DO cash. $K50 monthly; fine
high and dry lots In Jessie Jones tract, ad-
joining East Oakland, fronting a 90 foot
boulevard: near fine schoolhouse and elec-
tric cars: away from raw winds and fogs;
cemmanding view of bay and surrounding
country; section building up rapidly; special
100x300. for $575; terms to suit buyer; thlr
is an ideal spot. Call or send for circular,
455 7th st.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner*
$5500 — A FINE investment property; close to
business center of Oakland, on car line and
n*ar E. F. locals; pays over 14 per cent on
investment; 2 flats, about 4 months old. 11
rooms and 2 baths: sunny side of etrrft;
modern in every rsspect; owner compelled to
nell, hence will sacrifice for quick sale. THE
MERRITT-WOLCOTT CO.. 952 Broadway.
$3750 — NEW house; 8 rooms and large base-
ment; Fairmount ave. near Linda Vista-
very desirable: easy terms. E. P. FLINT
owner. 972 Broadway. " '
FOR cale— Two new up-to-date bungalow 8-
room houses; large lot ., with barn; very
cheap. Inquire on premises. C8S Thirtieth
St.. en 1055 Broadway.' Oakland.
M ?J?^ R -7 C^°° m h0US9 at 410 Ea8t Twenty-
1 , thir ?« st V : « bl>r barn - f "lit trees; fine location-
lot-EOxlSO: only ?2500j_smalt jarment down
A BARGAIN— Modern well-bunt 7-roora bouse
J^tcS " CT 'tree?!
' OAKI.AWD STOBE3~TO;i.et.
TO let— $25: etore.* corner Twenty-sixth «t. and !
San Pablo ave.; fixture*, living-room. lar*«>
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite 10*7
San Pablo ave. '
OAKLAND BOOMS.
NEWLY furnished rooms, bath included: cen-
tral location; gentlemen preferred. °12
Twelfth St.. Oakland.
O AKZiANTJ ; riTBHTTU&X; rOE SAM.
TO-MORROW : the day for bargains in furnl-
tor*. H. Schelhaaa, lltb st.,cor.store,Oakland
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. October 21. 1904, at 2 p. m.. at the
Masonic Temple, corner of Twelfth and
Washington streets, Oakland. Services under
the auspice? of Sequoia Lodge No. 349. F.
and A. M. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
ZABRISKIE— In this city. October 14, 1904,
Justine, widow of the late Captain E. B.
Zabrlskie. and mother of Christian Brevoort
Zabrlskie. a native of Louisiana. >
%y Friend * and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
on Sunday. October 23. at 2:30 p m., at the
chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
late Frederick Smith, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aped 15 years 5 months and 7 days.
(Santa Cruz papers please copy.)
CTTrlends and acquaintances" are reapect-
s fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 p. m. * from the residence
of his parents, OCO Thirty-third avenue
South. South San Francisco. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
STEMPEL — In Refuge Canyon. Placer County.
October 16. 1004 John Henry, beloved hus-
band of Anna Martha Stempel. and father
of Henry Stempei and Mrs. E. E. Fall, a
native of Germany, aged 72 years 4 months
and 10 days. A member of Ionic Lodge No.
121. F. and A. M.STOCK AND BON13 EXCHANGE.
"Previous to this week the demand has been
quite active. • but during the last ; few days a
certain ' dullness has developed which may re
sult in holding ¦. back ¦ present orders. ' Quite a
bit of Hay has changed hands during 'the past
few • weeks/ for - many . farmers , seem ¦¦ Inclined
to dispose of - their holdings :: because of - the
Dried Fruits, Nuts Raisins, Honey.
A dispatch from Fresno says that the Raisin
packers are forming a combination to bid only
2c for new Ralalns. but that the growers, la
view of the damage to the crop by the rains,
estimated at from 40 to 60 per cent, will hold
out for 3c. ,'.-.• >
' FRUITS— New crop— Apricots, 7%@10c for
Royals and 0312c for Moorparks; .Nectarines.
6©7Vic for White and 6Se^c for Red;
Peaches. 6»4@S He per lb: Pears, 7@12c:
Plums, pitted. e©6Hc for black. S©8Uc
for red and. 768^0 for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 50c; 3-crown 55c: 4-crown. 60c: 6
crown. . 65c: ¦. bulk white. 2*£&3c; black. 3Uc.
Evaporated Apples. 6^i©7c per ,1b.
PRUNES— 1%®1%C per lb for the four sizes
and 2Hc basis -for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop I. a. b. Freano— Im-'
perial clusters. $2 2522 50; Dehesa. $1 85@2;
London • Layers. . 80c©»l ; . Loose Muscatels, 4
crown, • 4©4V5c;. 3-crown. * 3H©3'Sc: 2-crown.
3©3Xc: Seedlees. 29i©2%c; Floated. 3c; Seed
ed, 4@3%c:' Thompson's Seedless. 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas."- 3^4ft3£c per lb. : . . :.
NUT3 — New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell 12 j£
12"'c: No. 2. 10@10tic: No. 1 hardahell. 12c;
No" 2 >10c: 'Almonds; l€@17c ¦ for Nonparlela.
14314 1 4c for I X L. :13614c -for. Ne Plus Ultra
and ¦- lie ' for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6£7e for
Eastern: Pecans." 11913c: Cocoanuta, $4 50^5;
Chestnuts ¦•: 10S15c per - Ib. .: ¦. -. . .
••-• HONET — Comb.'. 1 Hi® 13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. OHO
flc ; light ¦ amber extracted. 505 Ho; dark. '34?
414c .MBateMBBM^jteite*^te|flH&Mgg»«^Lj
27«29c per lb."
The Yokohama Specie Bank at ita half
yearly meeting, recently held at t the home
office, declared a dividend at the rate mt 1"
per cent per annum, which will absorb 720 000
yen on : old shares and . 3i?O,fj»tO yen on new
chares, making a total • of * 1.080. 000 yen. The
net profits of the bank -for the six months
ended June .TO. 1904, were 1,479,333 yen.
against 1.062,422 yen .for the previous half
year. "33BBfi! IMKMtefiM&fe&r. ' - V
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
paid its regular quarterly dividend of $3 per
share yesterday.
' The Northern California Power Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 5c per
share October 25. • ¦ ¦
The Homestake Mining .. Company of South
Dakota will pay a rerular monthly dividend
of 25c per share October 25.' -- '-
Current assessment* announced, are: Rio
Bravo ' Oil. 2c. delinquent October . 21 ; Provi
dent Oil. lc, November 5: Visalia and • Ka
weah" Water Company. 50c. November 16;
Mount Whitney Ditch and Water "Company,
50c. November 12. \ . . . .
The raining and oil stocks were Quiet and
not materially changed, except several Toao
pah stocks, which were. weaker. .
The Poto * Mining. Company baa levied an
assessment of 10c. "lUMitgl! 1 ' "JilliiJ
There was quite a recovery In the Gas and
Salmon stocks yesterday, with brisk sustain
ing purchases of Gas and Electric, which ad
vanced from $36 to $38 73. • closing at $r^S 60
bid. Alaska Packers, which closed Tuesday at
$105 50 bid. rose to ,$109 C2%. closing at
SlOS.bid. Tfi&e two were the acttve stocks,
the others being quiet.- though, there waa
something doing In the -Sugars at.about.pre
vious prices. Spring Valley Water was flrme*.
touching $40. and Pacific States Telegraph and
Telephone was easy at $114. Taken as a
whole, business on the Bond Exchange was
active. . .
Gas anil Salmon Stocks Recover Some
w liat With . Free Sales. •¦
STOCK" 3IARKET.
Xew York Stock List.
E. F. Huttcn A Co.. 4SX> California street.
Can Fraaciaco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
< -z.v.1 r.t of that Exchange:
6a>s. j Stocks— iHigh Low.l Bld.l Ask.
;Arnal Ccpper ( e5»«i 63»i 64^! 64V
,Amet_ Can Co.. 6% Z\
Do pfd 4fl 4^
1,&.-'At C A: F Co.. 27 ; 2fl 2»3»»| 2ttV.
100, Do pfd 85 1 » 84 B5S
• .. :Ajn Cbicle J j 1,01 105
• i Do pfd 9<> j 93
100 Am Cotton Oil.. 31 >i' 31U 31 31 r«
100j Do pfd 93 j 93 »2 ' IM '
iAm DlEt Ttl...i 1 20 28
Am Ex ) ) 2ug !»n>
... ,Am Graea T Co f j 7U &14
Am Hide A L 5^ «J
I iX> pfd •••-•I — Cl I £2%
jAm Ice 9 j gij sm *\
1 Do PM 40>4j »:, 5S2 \taZ
•OO.Am Linseed U%\ 14 13^1 14^
I Do pfd : 35 37
800. Do pfd I 9-S I 97*,. 97 ! 971*
l.lVOJAm Malt j 4V 4*it ¦ 4*i| 4&!
Ctoo] do P id aVs-Jls^a* 1
2,O00.Am S A P.ef Co Big 66^ att 67
2,wo\ i>o pjrd ii«j»«i!ioa 109 'n«»;
2a,0uo.Am Sugar 187% USH]I38«]imS
Do pfd ji35 jiae
JAxn T A T CO..: |143 1145
|Aia Tob pfd.. 14.1%:i45i;
eOO'Am Woolen 18% 16 18 j 1SU
D» Pfd J S3
LOO? Anaconda 8S% 85%| «5%| »C
B00 Ann Arbor 32 j 31 I 30 22u
Do prd J C3 64
€4.I«00;A T & S T ! &t%\ 83U 85*4
«.5O0, Do pfd J102 *101i;;i01- / i!l02'
49.V00,Balt & Ohio j 00 j VZ\[ 94%t 04'4»
! Do pfd ' »6%l 96».j| «« ( »8
1 7,Bay i?tete Ga?..J I | 22 I Xi'l
31,*00 B R T ."..I «»V 6614 6614! <««:
.......iBrook Un Gas. .: 2294 ! 228 '22»Vj'22»
SOOBrunswk D A II fe^j S'ii 8 I SK
.......iButterick Co ..( | { 50H| Ciu
. — -».. Canada South I ! | 67U. e8
4, ir*>' Canadian Pac . . |I33TiilS2 T 4:i:tJ»i"l33Si
8.500C * 0 45Hi 44V 44^1 45
»fUC & A I 3S>I 38»* 37 1 3J»
I I>o pfd j T 80 i 85
jC A E I pfd ISO 150
— :..tC 1 a L pfd — :.r..}.;... so 9o
10.000 C & G W....... 19*ii U«4l I9HI 1914
inOi Do pfd A 61 ', 61 60Vi! GuK
1.SCOJ Do pfd B I SO ! 23^! 23 I SO
...< Do dtb« I. ! I *4^ gs
2.600.C * X W ]192i$jm. !l31ii|l{r»iA
103.2O0C M & St P [m%jl7DS]lTI%tt7^
— ;.. Do j?fd i liwiiiiM
S2.000C R I&P (new) 30*4 29 2»Ut -"is;
2.500' Do pfd 74 7254 1 72% I 73
....:.. Do 4» „ 77* TiK.
SOrnChie Terminal.. I 7»4J 7ti 6^: 714
2O0: Do pfd I 15H{ 15 154| 16
1.400 Chicago Cn Traej 7>i! 7. «2 - -
2nO>C CCIft L...1 K5H »55U «iw 85»i
loo; Do rfd im^liiiuiuo in"
....rv.'Clev* Lor A W..! ! ! «} 1 cr
..) Do pfd :!. t } 07
15,«00*Colo Fuel A I... I Z»%\ 37 38 f's^i.
-...1 Do prd f 1 60 75
4WColum H C A I... I 14 I 13*; I 1314 14
J.WXVCblorado Bo I 23*ij 22Vi) 2SV. 23
9O0J Do 1st pfd -..) 55 I 54 I 64 * -&4*4
l.jmr Do 2d pfd ...I 29U! 2S14! 2S*;! 23
24 200'Censol Gas 1220 !217H!219»4!219Ti •
fCon Tob p?<J ...U24U!l2?.» i !123%tl24!;
DOOtCern Product* ...I n%\ 17UI 17 ml
200! Do r>fd ! 75 73»i 73 | 75T4
7.M0:Del A Hudson ..|175% 173«iil74»4 174*i
4OO ! D L Sr TV !293',i 293^,f«34 {2U5
2.S0^'P A R <? I t 30 1 30*i
1.50C1 Do pf* '...^ ..... $2% «%
iT^% M A Ft D.J ,24 25
2.2<V>'t>«tro!t l.'n Hy..l 75 74*4 74«4 7i%
lOO'Dptrolt So 4% 4«4 4^ 4K
«00< • Do pfi 7H 7H 7 7%
IDianion* Match ...135 IM
2.300JD1I Securities .. 34 ' 83U K*U S3>4
... .^iHlJtm : 6eeur ¦ bonds .(..... 73 73^i
Flour, qr sks •. . 15.5S6' Bran sks €.812
Oats. ctU 25. 492! Shorts, sks v.. .. S75
FOR WEDNE3DAT. OCTOBER 19.
Flour, qr sks .. 16.7451 Hops - balea ...• 416
Wheat, ctls ... JWlWool, bales ... 493
Barley ctls ... 3.S81 Feed, sks 12
Oats ctls ..... «0»i Tallow, eth ... 236
Corn. West ctU 2.0CO Leather. roUs .. 117
Rye. ctU 299| Hide*, No. ....1.457
Beans, sks 3.71S1 Pelts. No. ....' 415
Potatoes, sks . . 2.340* Paper, reams . . 2.5)45
Onions, ska ... 1.0361 Wine.- gals .... 57.150
Bran. " sks ... . . 9C0 1 Raisins bxs . . 5.CJ5
Middlings, sks.. '4S0j Brandy. gaU .... 3.550
Hay. tons . 221» Brcomcarn. . bdls 2C8
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls ... 12.M7!
WASHINGTON.
Receipts of Prodiice.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, nominal: Nutmeg
Melons. 2Og50c per box; Watermelons, $lff2
per dozen. - • ¦ ¦ . . . ¦
GRAPES' — Table varieties, Z(m00c for
crates. 20® 35c for email boxes and 73c@$l 5O
for open boxes: Wine Grapes. $l&@20 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $3@4 per
box for Valencia* ; Lemons. $2 5O@3 for
fancy. H 75^2 25 for choice and $1 25@1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit, ?2 503.1; Mexl.
can Limes, f4@4 50 per case; Bananas $2;r:;
per bunch for Central American and 75c©$2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples/ $1 60@2 50 oer
dozen. -
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 50cf2 per box." ~ In
cluding cold «torage: Winter Nellls. $1<81 Z*\
other winter varieties. 40<85Cc.
PEACHES— 75<99OC pe r box.
PLUMS — 4OS75c per box or crate.
PERSIMMONS — SOcgSl per box. . ."
POMEGRANATES — tO^oOc for small and
$lt£l 75 for large boxes. '
QUINCES— 25@40c per box. --
FIGS— 50c@$l 25 pe r box.
RASPBERRIES— $S@C per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— JM* 10c per lb.
CRANBERRIES— Jl 7uig2 25 p»r box for
Coos Bay and S? 50<g8 for Cape Cod:
APPLES — $1*81 25 for. fancy. S5cQ$l for
Choice and 40@75c for common.
STRAWBERRIES— SSglO per ' chest for
Longworths. $1 ."•)(§ 2 SO for Mallndaa and
— — for Cheneys. • •
A * good demand was noted for all kinds of
fresh fruits and with receipts rather lUht
the market had a healthy tone. Apples were
steady, good stock being In demand for lo^tl
use and export, and occasional sales of some
varieties were reported at a slight premium.
A third car of assorted Oregon stock was
marketed and sold well at ll'al 15 per box.
Otber orchard fruits showed but little change.
Quinces and Pomegranates being the only
description in free suppry. Fig* sold at a
wide range as -to size of package, offering*
from Martinez and Sonoma yelling at f ltJl 25.
while small packages from other sections were
offering- down to SOc per box. Prices of table
Grapes in crates ranged higher, dry lots being
eagerly sought after bj brokers, who had or
ders _ for shipment to Honolulu. Early I ar
rivals of B«rrle« met with prompt sale at cr
near the top quotations, while the receipts
which came to hand on the late trains had
UKbe sold at low figures. The canners' se
cured a considerable portion of the day's re
ceipts of Raspberries at the Inside quotation.
There was , very little doing In Cranberries
and old lots of the Coos Bay article were being
pressed for sale at, reduced rates. The warm,
sunny weather stimulated - trade in Citrus
fruits and prices of 1 Valencia Oranges were
advanced^ : " '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
( of many traders assertions by bull leaders that
whf-at prices would go considerably higher. A
2c advance at Minneapolis wan a aiming con
firmation of scarcity of milling wheat In that
section. Wet weather was reDorted in Minne
sota and North Dakota, and It was asserted
that as a result much damage Is being done
grain atlll In the shock. News from the South
west also was bullish. Reports from many
! quarters indicated that the damage to winter
I whtat by Hessian fly was increasing at an
I alarming rate. In addition . arrivals at St.
' Lauls end Kansrs City showed a decrease of
: neirly 50 j>er cent. It was asserted that indl
j cations pointed to a atill' further fallir.e off.
A claim was made by a St. Louis authority
that at least 70 per^ cent of the Kansas wheat
crop was already out of farmers' hands. With
such remits at hand shorts and commission
houses were active ourchasers of the D«*<iejn
ber option. The consequence was a- quick ad
vance. December selling up -to $l 15V4 May
had a sympathetic advance to $1 13*i@l 13^.
Some of the large buyers then turned sellers
and nrice* reacted about %c. Later the- de*
mand again became urgent and the market
readily responded to the increased buying. De
cember advancing io %\ 16U- The high point
on May was reached at $1 14»». Renewed
I'runt- taking caused another reaction ¦ later in
the day, December sailing off 'about %o. The
market closed strong, with December $1 1G->;it.
1 l.'.i". Final figures on May were -at $1 18%.
Rain In the West and a prediction of more to
follow within the next- thirty-six hours gave
a strcnr tone to the corn market. December
! opened unchanged to %c higher al 48H@4SX4e,
j sold ud to 49>4c and closed af the highest
I point. Local receiots were 75 cars, with four
I of contract grade. : • ¦ V
j Oats were Influenced mainly by the strength
I of wheat an corn, the market holding Qrm
j throughout the entire session. ' December
opened %c higher at 2SHc, sold up. to 29c and
. closed at the top price. Local receipts were
! 116 cars.
Fewer hogs than exoected and an advance
In erain Drtces were mainly resDonslble for a
strong- provision market. At the close Janu
ary pork was up 10c at $12 35. Lard was up
2^c at *7 20. Ribs were 5@7Hc higher at
$0 47i4.
WHEAT— No. 2 red. $118 to $1 20; No 3
red, $1 13 to $1 18; No. 2 hard, fl 13 to SI 16-
No. 3 hard. Jl 16 to $1 12; No. 1 Northern.
$1 18 to fl IS: No. 2 Northern, Jl 14 to SI 17-
No. 3 spring, $107 to $116.
OATS— No. 2. 29lic; No. 8, 29c.
CORN— No. 2,' 52*J©53c; No. 3. 52>;<S to
52«4c. .
i The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — - Open. High. Low. ¦ Close,
1 Wheat No. 2 — " - • :
I October ;.1-14*£
December 1 14% 1 16*4 1 14*i U.lsW
May '...:.. 1 12% 1 14W X 12% • 1 13^
July 9SH 99H »8«s , 99%
Corn No. 2 — . •
I October .... ........ '62.
I December 4S"i 49^ 48H 49W
May... • 45»s 45J 8 "««*:' 45%
' ¦ Oats No. 2— . • /!:<"•
(October........ .... :... .... :29»4
! December 2S'| 29 2S^ 29
May .......... 30% 31% 3QU, 31U
Mess Pork, per bbl. — •
October .-•• . ':10 B0 -
December ...:...'.. .... : .... -10 05
January ...12 35 12 40 12 32Mi 12 35
May ...-!'.. . 12 27% 12 33% 12 27% 12 30
Lard, per 100 lbs. —
October 7 25 7 25 7 22% 7 22%.
December 7 25 7 2fl 7 15 7 15 ¦
January 7 20 7 25 - 7 20 7 20
May ...... .:..';, 7 SO .7 82% 7 27% 7 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.— - -,
October ........ 7 45 7 45- 7 35 7 85 •
January .6 45 6 50 6 45 6 47%
Ma> 6 55 ,-C 60 6 S5 6 57%
CHICAGO J5OARD OP TRADE.
Futare Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19. — Rains In the Northwest
and spread of Hessian fly damage In the
Southwest gave encouragement to bull traders
in wheat to-dav. As a result ortces at the
clo?e were up a cent compared with last nighty
Corn made a net gain of an even cent. ; .
Oats are u? -^.c
Provisions nhow an advance of 2%c to *10c
A feeling of hesitancy marked the opening
transactions in the wheat pit. Initial quota
tioiris on December were up a shade to »i^lic
at $1 14*t,@l 14%. May was unchanged to
KQ%c lower at $1 12% to $1 12^@l 12%.
The uncertainty at the start waa due largely
to the Indifferent tone of cables, the- Liverpool
market b?tng barely steady, notwithstanding
the sharp advance here yesterday. The foreign
situation, however, was apparently soon for
gotten. A close scrutiny conditions in the
United State* seemed to'justlfy in the minds
Do gtd to. — — fl90S)Sr A. 101 10l<4
Do gtd 5slOO — (1905)Sr B.10OU —
LAP lem 5s.lO2 — (190«) 104U — "
Mkt-tt C Cs.115 — (1912J U3»4 — V
Do lean 5s.HA — SPC 1 eg 5a.ll7H —
MA'* MtTSa.105 — Do stampd.110 — .
NRR of OSs.lOo 106% S P B R 6a.l32 —
Do 5s ....117 — S V Wat 6a.l(Hti —
N P C R 5s.l07 — Do 4a 2dm-100S —
NCRySs..— 112 Do 4* 3dm. 99 S —
NCPC5s. — 99 Dog mt*4*.9O 100
N S R R 5S.101K — Stkn GAE69. 03 —
OG L4H 5s. — HO*; U G 4 E 58.102^ —
O W gtd 3». — 1«> I
:V WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. — 3« (Port Costa...
MarlnCo 6i> I S V Wat Co. 39«4 40^4 ,
"*• GAS AN*D ELECTRia m%
Cent L * P. 3tj* < | S F G ft E- 5SJ4 —
Mutual E L. — 12 f Stkn G * E. — 5XJ--
Pac L. Co. . . 60 «>ii! COAECa. — — ?* '
- - • INSURANCE. ,
Firem's Fnd. — 340 | '
bank stocks.
Am NM Bk.. — 130* fL PA A . 150 — '
Anglo-Cal .85 — I Mer Trust.. .-.->-. 235. •"
Bank of Cal. — " — | Merch Ex 50 — - ; -
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO I S F Nation!. — — - v -
First Nation! — — j
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — I Sav * L So. . — ICO L
Hum.S * L. — . — SecSavBk..— 424 7
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co..— — :A '
S F Sar. U.615 7 — " , .
* STREET RAILROADS.
California ..19S — { Presidio — 434-
POWDER. '
Giant ...... 63 «4 IVbrorit .....— lA%"
pprmTwj w mi a !¦ "BTHTimu*' 'iPTijnilrffll
Hawaiian C. «7 — I Makawell C 2SH 2T»
Honokaa S C 15H — : Onorae* S C. 2»S »li
Hutch 3 P C »% lOtiiPaauhaa S C. 15*» —
Kilaaea S C. 3 — j
MISCELLANEOUS. -.%'.' A
Alaska P A. 108 — lOceanic S Co. 3*4 4^. ¦
Cal F C A. — — I Pac Atnt FA. 4»4 — .
fCalWine A. — S2?i|p«o C Borx.l5« 1571,
MV* MtTm. — 105 | Pac 3 Tel Call3TiIl*S ¦
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board^ — ; , ,
10 Alaska Packers' Association. .. lf« 00
15 Alaska Paekers' Association. . .107 CO:
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . . ICS '«'
20 Bank of California ..42S 00
25 Makawell 2S «2Ia
50 Onomea Sugar Co 2925
20O Paauhau S P Co.... ».... 15 iV -
125 S F Gas A Electric....; 56 00 ¦
20 S F Gas A Electric 5ii »» '
lt> 3 F Gas & Electric W 25"; -.
50 S F Gaa A Electric 57 «? . /I
5O S F Gas A Electric 57 SO
25 S F Gas A EWtrte 5* CO
5 S F Gas & Electric... 57 S7J^
65 Spring Valley Water Co 39 87*4
$3.CC0 S F A S J V 5 per cent IIS lO
Street—
$10,000 Spring Val Water gen mtge 4a. 99 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. .ICO CO
3O Alaska Packers' Association.. .10A 5O
15 Alaska Packers' AssocUtlon. . . 109 «3'i
10 Alaska Packers' Association.. .10* 75
10 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar., 97 0<> '
\0 Paauhau S P Co...' ; 15 23- ¦
50 Pacific States Tel A Tel Co. ..114 CO' •
40 S F Gas A Electric........... 3* no .
10 S F Gas * Electric.....'...'... 8S 25 ¦
50 S F Gaa A Electric. .......... 53 6rt
45 S F Gu A Electric 6f» 73 '
r-308 T G*as A Electric 5* Uvi
100 Spring Valley Water Co 39 57*,"
1H0 Spring Valley Water Co 4O CO *
$4,000 Oakland Transit Con 5s. .....10,1 ©o =
1 $1.00u Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 105 Co - ' '
Street — . .
$5,000 Oakland Transit Coo 5s tot! 0A *
$10,000 Spring Valley 9 per cent .104 75 ¦
Unlisted Securities; £f|» ''.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. -
', Bid. Ask. I ' Bid Aaic
I Bay CPC 6s. — 1<j2Vj S P C R im. 9> 102»i
• B L Wat 6a. 113 115}, S P Co 4^8.101*4103
Cal NW Bs-.IUH — Sun Tel esT-.m —
M C Wat 5a. 1C0 — Do 5s 103 ~
1 RIs I WksSs — 105 Suttr-st R5S.104 —
i SF Dnlk 5a,112 — UR of SF 4>. 84 —
I SP A NP 5s.ll2 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
j Ala S Co... - ' n I LonA SF Bk. — 60 '
! Amer Bis Co — 90 | Mat Nar Co. 6O -r
j Cal Cot Mils SO — I Nev Nat Bk.135 —
j Cal G&ECor. 48 M I.VSRRCo. 9Vi —
C Jockey Ct — 112^! N Cal P Co. 9%i —
Cal Powder.130 145 | Oak Bk 8av.l20 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Coa.. 75 — •
Cal T I A T — 155 I IQOF HallA «H —
Cen Bk. Oak — 65 1 Orpheum Co. — 15 ii
Chutes Co • - 8% 6^,! PacC Cas Co.125 — "
City A C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co.105 —
Cyp.L.Imp. — 6H|Paraf Paint. 39 — . ,
East Dynro.. — 375 8 F Drydock. — . *S
DptPwd pfd — 85 SF&SJ Coal. 17H 20
Do com .. 37*i — a J Wat Co.1031, — ¦
! Fischer Thtr 20c 25c FO A MTgbt.123 —
, FN Bk. OaX120 — . Swiss- A Bk.,115 —
! Frnch-A Bk.l0» — Truck Elect.. 11 »i —
Ga« Con A.. 13 2O UR InC pfd. 59 V)
Hono P Co.. — 274 > Do com ... 12% -r^JS
Afternoon Session.
Street—- ¦ *
$2,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. *4 Z&
•, California Stock aud Oi| Etchanjf.
Oil Stock— Bid Asked.
Apollo 40.. '
Associated Trust Certificates. 23 24 '
Caribou • . 5 00 9 CO
' Claremont 75 TiX%
Four 57 S»
Home OS 97S
Independence ....... . - . .,. 27 ....
1 Monarch (of Arizona) 10 33
i Monte Crtsto «2 « -
Occidental of W Va 04 Mt
! Oil City PeU-olenm 5« -57
Senator 70 75 ¦
Sovereign .... '34
' Sterling S0i>
Twenty-eight • 75 10 •©
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 15 JO
Northern Cat Power B 60 0 50
i Truckee Electric 11 00 12 Ou
I SALES.
Morning Sesslca.
20O Foo r Oil ....;........ 5«
Afternoon Session.
70O Occidental :...*.'....... M
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fjran- '
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: -
«; Morning Session — Comatocks.
ICO Alta MJi 5OO JuUa C4 .
2W Andes 21! 500 Mexican 105
ICO Belcher 27| 2C0 Potoat 11
10O BuIUon 15 100 Ophlr 2 13
; 300 Caledonia .... 40| 20* Overman ..... 14
t 20O Caledonia .... 391900 Sierra Ner.... r5. .
W) Con Cal A V.I 30| 50»> Utaa *..._i..- OR " '
200 Gould A Cur', ltt . 5CO Union Coa_,3 35
Afternoon Sessfon — Comatocks. - ' ~^]XT^'
20O" Andes .:.."...' ~'Z'A 70<> Seg Belcher. ,." 1.^
I 100 Best A Belch.l 15. 2CO Si»n» Nev.... 37
; 10O CaUdonla .... 41; 1C0 Silver Hill 33
i 600 Caledonia .... 42i ICO Silver Hill...-. £»
1(X> Chollar \*\ SCO Silver Hill ¦ 51
! 20O Con Cal A V.I .TV 50» Union Con.... "¦ *l
10O Ophlr -2 23t 2CO Utah **5«
3Ol> Overman .... 13'. SOft Yellow Jacke^. !¦*
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. " -
Bld.Ask.( . Bid.Aak.
Alpha ....... H lttJuD* ......... W it!
Alta 04 Ot;j Justice C; •<<
Andes *>22 24; Kentuck ..... 02 u:
Belcher ..... 27 2JS| Lady Wash .. 03 OS
Best A Belch.l I" I 15.M«xtcaa I H> I 13 *.
Bullion 13 19; Occidental ... 74 7(i *
CaUdoxda Z -42 4*! Ouhlr ~..:.....3 2O 2 25 *
Challenge ... 1^ 20' Overman ..... 15 Jt» .
Cholla r 17 19fPotort 10 12 ¦
Confidence ...- S5 96IScorpioa ....... W C"
Can Cal * V.1 3O 1 35. Savage ....... 2T 2«
Con Imperial. 01 , C2! S«g Belcher. .. OS C9
Con X T .... OR OSi Sierra Ne»...; 27" 2^
Crown Point.- e« 'O»JSilT«r Hin.... 50 62
E. Sierra Xev OS oer St. LouU .... - 08 -10
Gnreka Con. . — 5O| Syndicate .:.. ©a '05
Exchequer...- 47 50' I'ntoo Con 3*1 3*' .
Gould ft Cur. IS'.' 20! Utah 00 1(> '
Hale & Norc. 55 57^ Yellow Jacket. IS ' 3»
TONOPAH AXD GOLDFlELD STOCKS.
Morning Seaaton. - ¦---"
10O Mont Ton ...1 Oftt SCO Ton B»lmont.. flC
500 ColnmbU,.... 231 300 Ton Ohio ... 3O
1300 MaeNamara . 33> 10OO Rescue .: 11
; Afternoon Session.
200 Mont Ton. . . .1 05| 1500 HacXanura .. 31
500 Ton Ohio ... 291 5*1 Jumbo ..*... 49
CLO3IXO QUOTATIONS." .
B1d.Ask.l ' , Bid. A.i*.
1 Ton of Ner. .0 5O — J Rescue 10 U -
Mont Ton. 11 82^ 1 05 Ray * O'BXUn — . <LS
Ton Exten ..1 SO —\ Paymaster ... 02 OS
I MacNamara . 30 311 Little Ton .. 20 *— .
Ton Midway.. 37 JOtEsperanza ... 01 OS
Ton Bflmont.. 65 C6J Qulney 13 —
West End ... — 2«*N T Ten ... — 10
Ton Gold Mt. 16 IS
Coldfleld.
Sandstorm :.". 17 2iV Jumbo ....... 44 50
Red Top .... 15 ¦ I7[
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were th« sa!«» on ' the San Fran
ei sco and Tonopab Mining Exchange yesterday:
. • Morning Sesaion. . »
lOflO Black Butte.. 23! 30O MacNamara .. ', 31
100O Columbia .... W, Z»X> JdacNamarm ... 3O -
1W Jumbo .. «l|25r« Paymaster ... €3
10O Jumbo ...... 59' 700 Red Top M
500 Jurobo ..'...' *9' 2ff> Tan Belmont.. «7
20rt Jumbo %.....• &M 5flO Too Belmont.. 70 '
• SOO MaeNamara . .rt! SOO Ton Midway. . 10
1000 MacNamara .- 321 150 Ton of Nev. 9 624
.-.: .tt. ¦ .."' "AfterpooB . Session." ,'
' 500 Blue Bull M. •. 2S! 15«O MacNamara f. St
IM GoUJfleld Mln 6O?«7W MacNanara ... 30.
500 Jumbo Ex . . 20! 5700 MacNamara .. ' 29
55«> Jumbo .:../. 5n» «» Mont Ton...l 92^
46O Jumbo :'...'.. 32! 10M1 Rescue ' Irt "
VK* Jumbo ...... 51i AVI Ton B'lmont.. M -
lOrv Hasel Kirk :.' li Ton P»lmont.. Kl
1000 MacNamara . 32fl7CO Ton Midway.. 39 -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. *• ¦
." Bld.Ask.1 - BM-Ask.
Adams ....... 0» lOfMont Ton...V-33H I M
Black Ants v: — lOfN.T Ton .... — 05 ,
Black Butt*-. 21. 24| Paymaster ... 02 ot
Exchange ami Bullion.
local; ..
Sterling Exchange sixty days... — .$4 84
Sterling Exchange.- sight — 4 8*K
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87*4
New York Exchange, sight — O1M:
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — SSli
Mexican Dollars : ;.....: — 4tt - .
- "INTERNATIONAL. .
' New s York on Paris..:./....;. .....i-.-5.16Vl
New York on Mexico .......... - 216Vi
Paris on London ....... ................25.12
Berlin on London ¦-.':...-.."'... ".':...'. .-. ...2O.35U
> 4 » -' Wheat and otlier Grains. '
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed' lit-j
tie change. - Chicago was l*4c higher on the
day. the strength being largely due to the
growing realization that but a small proper,
tlon of the crop will be fit for milling. - In
fact, as ane dispatch put It: "Millers every
where are fighting like wildcats for all the
choice wheat they can find." said B. A. Eck
hart of the Eckhart & Swan Milling Com
pany.- "That is what's the matter . with
wheat — there is not enough good wheat to go
around."
In this market cash Wheat was unchanged.
The milling demand is being restricted by large
shipments of Flour from the north Into this
marked Futures were dull and featureless.
¦¦ CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4ytfl 52>4: California
White Australian. . $1 3G<gl 62 H; Northern
Club $1 45<@1 :CK; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
©I 62H per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 'J to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clo?e.
December ..fl 4»»4 $1 49»J ?1 49U $1 49*
May 1 51 Vj I 51 h 1 51 >* 1 51 »4
2 p. in. Session '
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 4'JH $1 48V4 $149 $149
May ........ 1 51 1 51 1 50*i 1 50%
BARLEY — The spot market is quiet, but
there Is considerable business in the country,
as San Francisco sellers are being obliged
to go into the Interior,, as buyers to obtain
Barley to -fill their sales, especially of damp
grain. . Otherwise there is nothing new la
the situation.
CASH ' BARLET.
Feed, $1 07«4(gl 12Va:"'new Brewing and
Shipping. $1 luCfl 1"H: Chevalier. $1 17&ST
1 22% per ctl. . - . ¦¦-. ,
.. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 00% $1 W»4 U 00ft $1 09H
May— No sales, $1 09 '4. bid.
•-.-- 2 p. ¦ m. ' Session. ~l*>i
¦-'¦>; -• ¦ ' : . Open; -High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 09V4 '$1 09H $1 C8% $1 09
May ........ 1 09 Mi " 1 09 Mi 1 09ii r 1 09>4
OATS— Aside from a, slight change In the
quotations for Black for se«d there la noth
ing new. The market is reported rather
quieter at the moment.- Arrivals from the
north yesterday : were heavy, being 25,492 ctls
from Washington, the bulk coming to local
mills'. ' ¦• ¦• ' - - - :
White, $140@U56U:' Surprise $1 C0@l 60:
Red for feed, $1 32^@1 45: for No. 1 and
$1 22V4S1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for «eed.
$1 42 14 til 50; Black. $1 30® I 35 for feed and
$1 5O5 1 65 for ee«d.
CORN — Another liberal line • of 2000 . ctls
came In from the West. Tha market continued
quiet and unchanged. -
¦ Western sacked. $1 4001 45 for Yellow $1 43
for White and $1 40@l 4214 for Mixed;' Call
fornla large Yellow. $1 40@l 45: small round
do $1 &5«1 62tf: White, nominal; Egyptian
$1 35«1 45 for Whin , and $1 25@1 30 . for
Brown. ¦ ' ¦ :
RYE— $1 37»4«jl 42^4 per ctl.
BUCKWHHAT — Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour and 1 MillstufTs. .
FLOUR— California ¦'¦¦ Family Extras $4 S09
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4®4 50
per bbl. •
• MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 23 per 100 lbs*
Rye Flour. $3;. Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; -extra cream do. $3 60-
Oat Meal. $3 75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy
$3 eo®3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; « Farina. $3 75; . Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, $6 75®7 60- in
sacks. *4 25: Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas.
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Feedstuffs ; are weak at the further ' decline
noted yesterday, with the arrival of 6812 sacks
Bran and 875 : sacks Shorts from Washington.
The market Is very soft. There Is no change
In Hay. . Receipts were 22 cars. The circular
of Boner* it Co. says:.; ¦ . _-
"Total arrivals ; for the week : ending to-day
amount. to 2£0O tons, being 200 tons less than
for the week preceding. ', Some little delay. in*
forwarding cars on the part of . the railroad
company can still be noted, and at the present
writing there . are probably 40 or 60 cars on
the . way" to i market . which ' should have • been
delivered a day or two ago. In seme districts
where large . quantities of Hay . were wet by
the recent storms • they - are making no effort
to save any of It for the. market, although in
other place* they • are carefully sorting over
their piles and sending in what will find sale
at ; some ¦ price , or ; other? - The ' bulk of ¦ present
arrivals, however, are taken from the ware
houses, and if . cars were ; plentiful good sound
Hay .would ' be ; shipped - here , very -, freely s for
orders have >¦ been • placed '¦ everywhere to "send
In the Hay to ; mtrlr-t " - ~-yF^TfT3(fmjma*iB
LOCAIi MARKETS.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands, 29^5300
for extras and 2:JO28c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 2Iip24c; cold storage. 24c: stor<r
Butter. 17620c: Eastern creamery. SlViCKWy."
Eastern ladle-packed ie@17c per lb.
' CHEESE— liy>©12«tc for choice mild new
and 9&10e for old; cold storage, lOU^llc;
Young Americas. llUQl'Jt;; Eastern. lu@15c
per lb. x
EGGS — Ranch, 3S@40c for large white • se
lected. 37®38c for good to choice and 34@36c
for common: cold storage. 27>4@30c; store,
nominal; Eastern. 25i62Sc for choice. 23{?25c
for standards and 21@22c for seconds.
Butter is lc lower and dealers are complain
ing of the extreme dullness of trade, which U
in marked contrast with the pronounced ac
tivity of several years past. The barbound
Argo, with several hundred cases of Humboldt
Butter, was still delayed yesterday, and a
very weak market Is expected when these
additional supplies came in.
Cheese and Eggs remain as previously
quoted. The rharp increase in the receipts of
Eggs attracted attention, and it was the im
pression that a mistake had been made somiv
where. as the stock* on the floors showed no
such Increase. "
Receipts were~17,S*00 lbs Butter. 1270 (7)
cases E«gs and 1600 lbs Cheese. . , - • ¦
Butter, Cheese and Effgs.
SEATTLE. Oct. 10.— Clearings, $852,007; bal
ances, $2O2.7ti«.
TACOMA. Oct. 19. — Clearings. $503,132; bal
ances. $43,498. '
PORTL.VND, Oct. 19.— Clearings, $819,&1S;
balances, $ltS,0<3. .
SPOKANE. Oct. 19.— Clearings, $300,922;
balances. $58,075.
Northern Business;
Foreljsrn Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— !>•:- March.
Opening 7 &% 7 6^
Closing • • 7 5U 7 6%
PARIS.
Wheat — . Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 45 24 70 -
Closing 23 45 24 65
Flour —
Opening 31 00 32 30
Closing 31 00 32 20
St. Lonls Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 1ft. — WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 2O*jf2»5c:
light fine. lR!32vc; he«avy fine, 12®16c; tub
washed. 22@36c. . . .
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 19. — WHEAT — For.ex
port: Walla Walla. S2c; bluestem. S5c; Valley,
b5c. For Eastern markets: Walla Walla, 83c;
bluestem. SCc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 13. — WHEAT — Market »4c
higher. Bluestem, 8»%c; club, 85^c.
Bonds went irregular. Tctal sales, par
value, f8.6S0.O0O. United Sutea 3s advanced
hi «n call. * :.:.-
whirh had — :. _ -••¦-. fcr a we*k previous tJ its
?x;>**n«-<3 cstlmlstlc tenor. For thU reason its
admonitory t<»n toward rpeoaiative excess and
it* pr*9**S opinion agairm actual conditions fcr
the height to which prices have b*en lifted,
even at tie:r present level, may have induced
«<;mc counter moves in the market by these
who had cperated en the forecasta of the
speech. Last prices were considerably above
tiie lowest, but the rally on short covering at
the last was not we!l held and the closing was
Irregular. .
The securing of e Mexican lean by American
barkers caused a good Impression. The routine
r.ews of tfce day was generally favorable to
values, and money continued easy. Specula
tive circles have centered much attention en a
public -.:;¦•* by an influential banking r-r :•-
ser.tatlve. o* ir.g to the long anterior <I:srussion
<-u»t..«ii*ry ajr.lity m taking quick profits on the
break, and their covering movements and the
eppoainsr tarries cf the room bolls caused con
rurion In the late price movement. But the
force of the reaction was not the leas clear and
decisiTe. The ainence of any considerable re
action* through tiie losg course cf the present
aiv&nce has been one of its principal features
an<J has added to the suspicion of Its artificial
c*i*racter. The movement to-<Jay ought to
¦erve a* a confirmation of the wider interest
which has been taken In the mkrket In its late
*tag«s aad tto« liability of it to normal influ
ences cf r*action irtth the passing of holdings
from strong to weak hands. There was noth
ing :n to-day's dealings to show that ary effort
was relaxed to sustain the maxket anl to hold
prices in face cf the selling to take profits.
buying cf selected etocks was even mon
Mprwsire and spectacular than heretofore, and
the stocks to tw? pushed were heralded before
the market opened from the uptown hotels
with th» complacency which has dlrticguieked
the present campaign !n stock in a marked de
r""*. Erie. St. Paul. Southern Railway. Atchi
*<m. Reading and Leather preferred were at
different times churned into fury. Activity and ,
! ".e «trin^» of transactions in blocks of 10O0 I
to 7000 Fhares were run through the market on
a rising scale. The determined selling of I
1'nittd States Steel preferred wais the first incl
<!er.t ta cause ur:Ras-in»ss and was not chevlied
by the rood tenor «f the news from the trade,
including an axivanre in Tube and Pipe anl the
cheerful expressions of the Iron Age. The ru
raor of new interests in Atchison took a more
er*c:flc form again, but without confirmation.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Th« reactionary ten
dency of stocks, which was under restraint
yesterday, broke through the restraint to-day
and took on precipitancy during the afternoon.
The reaction hu been long expected and needed
»o news to explain it beyond the unwieldy
proportions to which the long tateres* has ex
tended aad the ccr^equent growth of the bur
tfen of realirisg proflta. which proved too heavy
for the usual supporting tactics to sustain.
Cmce the reaction was established the profes
sional bears gamed sufficient confidence «> fall
on tie maxket In the usual overwhelming
fashion aod thus sharpen the fall, with the re
«ult of uacoveriag stoploes orders and wiping
out narrow margins, thus shaking out weak
holdings and bringing stock en the market in a
*how«r. These professional bears showed their
N"ew York Stock Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14@16c per
lb for' Gobblers and 13;(/l"c for Hens; young
Turkeys, 20@22c per lb; Geese, per pair SI 5j>
(8$1 75; Goslings. $2g2 25: Ducks. $4 5©£5 per
dozen for old and $4 50@ti for young; Hens.
$4 50@5 for small and $5 5Oi§«5 for large: young
Rooster? $5 ."witi; eld Roosters. ?4 5o4?5; Fry
ers, $t 50g3; Broilers. S-l^J: Pigeons. $1 23
per dozen for old and $232' 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Duck*, $4©« « per dozen;
Canvasback. %i'fi~: T«al $2 50: Sprig, *-<f
2 SO; Widgeon. $2 5O€:5;' Red Heads. *2 5O;
small Ducks $2; Gray Geestf, ${; Whlto
Geese. ?1 5t'fe2; Snipe, $3 for English and
$1 50 for common; Doves. $1®1 25; Hare.
$1 75<{?2; Rabbits, $2 for Cottontail and $1 50
for Brush. . : ; Ul^-.i-y
Trade in Poultry was still more or leaa
hampered by the strike of the Poultry Dress
em 1 * Union, and the Increased competition of
Game also had a tendency to weaken the
market. Receipts, however, were just about
sufficient to satisfy the demand and there was
no depreciation In values. Game, like Poultry,
was rather weak owing to the labor difficulties
between leading retailers and their employes,
and most kinds of Wild Ducks were quoted
lower. Canvasbacks were mostly poor and
thin and there were too many Sprig on the
market. . Receipts were about lo<> sacks and
there was quit* a quantity of Sprig Ducks
unsold at the close.
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar. Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 10O-lb bass:
Cube*. A Crushed and Fine - Crashed 6 23c-
Powdered 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated. One. 6c; Dry Granulated, ccarje,
6c; Fruit Granulated, 6c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.S0c; Confectioners* A, He;
Magnolia A. 5.»5Oc; Extra C. 6.50c; Golden C
5.40c: "D." B.SOc; barrels. 10c more; hair
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; fiO-lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.'
&50c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for lesa than
seventy- five barrels or ita equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. W.Q
7?4c per lb; White Lead. 7%©7!4c. according
to quantity. >
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU. In buHt.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%C: Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19%c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 2flc: Eo
ttno, 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in talk.
IBc: In cases. 22%c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c: In
cases. 19%c: SS-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 23c;
In cases. 31c. '. ,
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon in casts and
75c in drums and iron barrels.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add Sc; Linseed. 53c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10®l 12; Lucol. 5Oc for
boiled and 4?c for raw; China Nut, cases.
e.vg.SOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil.- In barrels.
-5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian;- extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. «3c; 'extra bleached winter Whala
Oil. 57c; natural Whale OU. -82c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil 63c;
pure Neat?foot Oil. 73c; .\'o. 1 Neatsfoot Ctl.
•3c; lirht Herring Oil. 42e: dark Herring OU.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil, 37c: raw
Fish Oil 35c; boded Paint OIL 33c; raw Paint
OH. 31c.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the steam,
ship Sonoma left the following vessels have
arrived from Newcastle. N. S. W.. with Aus
tralian coal, vlx.: A. J. Fuller, 2460 tons:
Dalcalrnie, 270O tons: County of Inverness.
23.-.i> tons: Clan Graham. 32ttl tons; Inverclyde.
2H9O t«ns; Elwell, 2110 tens; Stelnbek. 2730
tons; George E. Billings. 1S52 tons; Acamas.
23S0 tons; total. 23.223 tons. TJie generous
arrivals this month up to date, combined with
the quantity -of Colonial coal now 'In yard,
will keep our market liberally supplied for
the moment. There are . at present but nine
teen vesseU en route and loading Australian
coal, the carrying capacity being less than
50.000 tons; at this time last year there were
thirty- three vessels on the loading list with
an aggregate capacity of 110.000 tons. This
evidences that there will be no overplus of
Colonial ooal here this year for oar winter
detnaml; the cargoes which have recently ar
rived., combined with those listed to arrive
during the year, will assuredly find eaget
purrhaiera. The freight rates on coal from
Newcastle to San Francisco still remain high,
with vessels difficult to procure, even at the
advanced rates. This can b* readily account
ed for, as the inducements for tonnage to seek
this port are «J!m: outward rate* from here
for the carriage of grain and lumber still re
main depressed. There are no changes to note
In the quotations of local coals in yard, a.»
the wholesale dealers setm disposed to make
no change in their schedule of values for the
present."
COAL— Wellington. $3 per. ton; New Wel
lington, %<*; Seattle. $8 50; Bryant. $« 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7: Co«i Bay.
$5 50: Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in
bulk and ?lt in in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. S14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
V/«lsh Lump $11" 50; Canned $9 p«r ton; Coke.
$11 T.v'pVi per ten In bulk and $15 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per short
ton
BAGS— Grain Bags. $5f@5 25: Sao Quentln.
$4 50; Wool Bags 30@32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c:
Fruit Bags. 6%@7%c for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
MISCELliAXEOUS MARKxTTS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Close: Money on
call, steady. 1*;©^ per cent; closing bid 1%.
tffered t. Time loans, easier; »ixty days, 3a
8% per cent; ninety days and «lx months 3U
t~\ per cent. * w
Prime mercantile paper. 4%©5 per cent.
Sterling exch&nre. ete&dy. with actual busi
»•«* in b*ak*rs- bills at 4.S57r«&4.*575 for de
rnand and at 4.«345@*.83S5 for sixty day bills-
Bar sliver. &S%c
Mexican dollars, 4 •?',<-.
Government bonds, firm; railroad bonds, ir
»*X«lar.
N'ew York Money Market.
HLISTERN* MARKETS.
Do2dpfd 52 I Do pfd 84%
III Central ......1MUI Wabash 22%
Louis & Nasb....i:<»%l Do pfd 45\
M K tc Texas... 80%|Spanlsh 4s S7>;
Bar silver — Quiet 2ti%d per ounce.
Money — l@-l%-per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2«-;B2»m per cent and for. three
months' bills 2%#2*» per cent.
""¦¦' '¦— ' ' j
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. -19.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balance, $147,479,168; gold, $76,259,791. •
New York Cotton Market
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.-T-COTTON— Futures
opened steady. October, 9.83c; November, 9.85c;
December. 9.93c; January, lO.OSc; February,
10.06c; March. 10.12c; April, 10.16c bid; May.
10.16c. - ,
Futures closed steady. November, 9.77c;
January, 9.»7c: February, 10c; March. 10.05c;
April, 10.07c; May. 10.12c.
Spot clcsed quiet, 10 points decline* Mid
dling uplands,. 10.25c; middling gulf, 10.50c.
Sales. 533 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21. POO barrels: exports, 9100 barrels; market
firm and nominally higher, with fair demand.
WHEAT — Receipts, 65,100 bushels; ; sales,
250O, futures. No. 2 red, $1 21% f. o. b. afloat; ;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 24$i f. o. b..' afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 07% f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened steady, but Immediately ad
vanced over 1c per bushel on renewed com
plaints of Russian fly damage, good Southwest
cash demand.' December manipulation and
smaller receipts. After a reaction, due to
profit-taking, the market closed unsettled at
Tiigl%c net advance. May. $1 13%©1 15%,
closed at si 14%; December, $1 17%; January,
$1 19S, closed at |1 18%.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Firm. *
PETROLEUM— S tead y .
COFFEE — Futures opened steady - at an ad
vance of 5|?10 points on continued demand for
both accounts, promoted by firmness in the
European markets and additional cables from
Brazil claiming an unfavorable outlook, for
the coming crop. But at the advance smaller
longs turned for profits, adding their offerings
to sales against fresh purchases in Brazil, and
some arbitrage business with Europe . and the
market lost 6 points of the gain. The close
was steady at unchanged prices to an advance
of 5 solnts.
gales were reported of about 53,000 bags.
Including: November. 6.75@6.SOc: December,
6.90"§7c: May, 7c: -March; 7.15@7.20c: May.
7.35<&7.45c; July. 7.55c; September. 7.<35ig7.7ji>c.
Spot Kio. steady; No. 7 invoice, 8%c; mud,
quiet."
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EGGS— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUIT.
EVAPORATED* APPLES — There seems to he
no improvement in the demand for evaporated
apples, and the market rules weak with out
side prices rather extreme. Common, "4@4%c;
prime.' *%99ei choice. ."»%S6c; fancy. t>%ig7c.
PRUNES — Are arriving rather more freely,
being generally required to fill pre^ous pur
chases. The deliveries, however, are checking
spot demand and the market rules quiet. Quo
tations range from 2c to 5%c, according to
grade. v
APRICOTS— Are unchanged, with the de
mand light and offerings not pressing. Choice
ar» held at 9}4c; extra choice, 10}4®10%c;
fancy, HS13c .
PEACHES— Are in light supply and steady,
with choice quoted at SVi®8%c; extra choice,
8*4 ©9c; fancy, OU^l 0 * 1 .
Xew York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19. — The London tin mar
ket was; unchanged at £132 for «pot,- while
futures were a little lower at £130 10s. Lo
cally the market was quiet, but firm in tone,'
the quotations ranging front $2S 75 to $29. ~ i
Copper was a little lower In the London mar
ket, spot being quoted at £61 Is 6d and fu
tures at '£60 5s. Locally the copper market
was steady. Lake is held at fl2 li:%613 37%;
electrolytic, $1«@13 25, and casting, $12 87 %@
13.
I^ad is firm at £12 -Is in the foreign market.
Here it was also firm.
Generally xpeaking prices range from $4 30
to $4 35, but some dealers are offering it at
$4 20.
Spelter wa; unchanged at £23 20s Sd .in- the
London market and at $5 20-ii 5 -5 in New
York.
Iron closed at 50s 4d in Glasgow and 43s
7%d in Midlesboro.
Locally iron is, steady: No. 1 foundry North
ern. $14 50615; No. 1 foundry • Southern and
No. 1 foundry Southern soft. $14 25*614 50.
... Xcw York -Dry Goods.
NT3W YORK," Oct. 1!). — Buying is of a more
satisfactory character and operations In dry
goods show more confidence In prices, not only
for current delivery, but also for the future.
Certain lines are becoming more generally
scarce, and it is difficuU. to secure promises
of satisfactory delivery- Jobbers are waiting
for cooler weather.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c@$l 25 per
sack or crate: String Beans, 3*|Mc per
lb; Wax Beans. 3@4c per lb; Lima
Beans, 4S5c per lb: Tomatoes. 15®
40c per box; Summer Squash. 35igSOc per
box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl; 'Carrot?, 75o per
sack; Cucumbers 35<g50c per box: Garlic, 4^i
64%c per lb; Egs Plant. XjigSOc per box;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Okra. 50gtS5c
per box; Green Peppers, 40t?ti0c per box;
Mushrooms. 12%<g20c per lb;.. Marrowfat
Squash. $12@15 per ton.
There were few changes in prices of mU
cellaneous vegetables. Fancy lots of ' fresh
Tomatoes did a little better, but there was no
Improvement in poor stock, which constituted
the bulk of the supplies.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. RO^
70c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. %\$i\ 30' per
ctl: River Reds. 85c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes.
75<£90c per ; ctl.
ONIONS— $1 25<gl 50 per ctl.
Trade in Potatoes was quiet and the market
was decidedly weak, with a heavy accumula
tion of river . Burbanks lying on the wharves
unsold. Several dealers were trying to effect
clearances of river stock by shading quota
tions, but to no avail, as buyers were In
clined to hold off and await developments.
The market was overloaded with Sweet Po
tatoes, and there was a sharp break In prices.
Seven cars of fresh stock were marketed.
Onions were active at steady prices under a
brisk demand for shipping and speculative ac
count.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, leas 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7«i©7%e: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%iB6%c: thin Cows 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — !@4%e per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3.%fj3%c; Ewes. 3§3»-ic
per lb (gross
LAMB3— $2 60^2 75 per head,
HOGS— Live Hcgs 140 to 200 lbs. 4Hc;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 25O lbs, 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
DRESSED: MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughter A j to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF — 5@7c* for Steers and 4 85c per lb
for Cows. . ¦ '
VEAL— Large 6%67%e: small. 789c per lb.-
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©I%c; Ewes. 6®7c p«r
pound.
LAMB— 8iS9c per lb.
PORK — Dresetd Hogs. 6©Sc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. Previous prices . rule for all descriptions,
with the market liberally supplied.
Meat Market.
HOGS — Receipts. 3500; market 3c higher.
Heavy. $4S5@5 05: mixed, $4 97%05 05: light.
?r.<§5 10: plgrs. $4 2o<§4 75. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 120<>: strong. lOo higher.
Western yearlings. $3 65^4 10; lambs, $4 50@
5 25. • . :¦ ¦¦-.-'.,/•; ;»•.-
OMAHA, Oct. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3500: strong, 10c lower. Western steers. $3i?
4 65; Texas steers, *2 75©3 63; range cows and
heifers, $2 2. r iff3 25; canners,. $1 50@2 15;
calv*s. ?3 5CH@5.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Oct. 19.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 17,0<X>; steady. Native steers, $4@
6 25: native cows and heifers, $1 50@4 50:
stockers and feeders. 12 25®4 25; bulls. $1 75®
3 25: calves. $2 50@6; Western steers, ?3@4 50;
Western cows, 51 60#3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 9000; steady. Bulk of
sales. $4 75ig5 20; heavy, $5 10©5 25; packers,
$4f>rt®5 15; pigr and light, S4 50@5 05. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000: steady. Muttons,
?3 25^3 6O; lambs, $4 25@5 50; Colorado year
lings. 114 pounds, $4; Utah wethers, 103
pounds, $3 90.
Omaha.
Kansas City.
SHEEP— Receipts. 30,000. Market steady.
Lambs, slow. Wethers. $3 25<g4 50; Western
sheep. $2 75@4 25: native lambs, S4 5O@5 90;
Western lambs, *3 50@5 60. .~^~ V ¦-,.-
CHICAGO, '- Oct. 18.^-CATTLE— Receipts,
21.000, including 40CO Westerns. Steady to
strong-. Natlre - steers, $3 75@6 55; stockers
and feeders, *2 25@3 40: cows, fl 5OQ-4: heifers,
$2®4 90; canners, $1 60©2 35; bulls. $2®4 25;
calves, $3 50-86 75: Texas fed . steers, $3 55©
5 50; Western steers, 33-tr4 75.
HOGS^ — Receipts, 20,000; to-morrow, estimat
ed. 18,000. Market 5@10c higher. Mixed and
butchers. $5415 45; good to choice heavy, $5 23
65 45; rough heavy. $4 SOS 5 10; light, $4 30;8>
5 50. V^
Cliieago.
Receipts of Beans showed a further decrease
yesterday, being only 371S sacks, and the mar
ket showed no change In any description. The
feeling- continues firm as a rule, and the
growers will not make any concessions to sell.
BEANS— Bayos $2 75<g3;. Pea, *3 10@3 25:
Butters. $2 7563: small White, $3 1563 40;
large White. *2 4<Vg2 65: Pink, $3 10^3 30;
Red. $4 25@4 50: Lima f 4 15@4 30: Red Kid
neys, $4 50@4 75; Blackeyes, $2 60©2 70 per
ctl: Horse Beans. $1 Su@2 40.. ¦
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax *2@2 75; Canary. 6%
®7e) Alfalfa. 15%@16%c; Rape. 1%©2%c;
Timothy. 5%ic; Hemp. 3%®3*ic per lb: Millet
2%<S3«Ac: Broom Corn Seed, $2Og21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nile*. $2@2 25; new Green
Peas. J2S2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
CATTTiE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
SCM3IARY OF THE 3IARKBES.
Wall stiwt stocks irregular and
rather weaker.
Local Gas and Salmon stocks rising
again. Tonopalis weak.
Not orach dianse in Silver or Ex
clianjje.
Millina: Wheat scarce and in quick de
mand.
Barley active h> the country, but dull
here.
Heavy receipts of Oats from Washing
ton.
Large arrivals of Corn from the West.
Beans quiet, but ttrmlv held. Hay and
Fteedstuffs unchanged-
Potatoes weak, with an accumulation
of stock-
Sweet Potatoes in heavy supply and
lower. Onions active.
Game and Poultry affected by a strike
and the former lower.
Fresh Fruits selling off well.
Reported combine of Kaisin packers
against growers.
Provisions continue quiet in all posi
tions.
live and dressed Meats as previously
quoted.
Butter lower and very duIL Cheese
and Efegs unchanged.
Coal In ample supply and unchanged.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19. — On the Produce.Ex
change to-day the butter - market was steady
and firm; creamery, 17©lS%e; dairy, 13©17c.
Eggs were steady at mark, cases included,
lOVifflSUc. Cheese was steady at 10@10%c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Cash Gmin and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Oct. la.-^Mh ? quotaUons , were
as follows: Flour, firm; No. '2 spring wheat,
»1 126-1 17: No. -8, %X 05®l 15; Na S 2~ red,
SI 17*i©l 19%: No. 2> corn, 33c: No." 2 yellow.
b«c; No- 2 oats. 2SUc: N'o. 2 white. 31 %®8Sc;
No. 3 white. 29ViS31c; No. 2 rye, 7n4$7Sc;
New York P.ond«.
U S ref 2s reg.-104%!L & N unified 4s. 102%
Do coupon 104%! Man con gold 4s. 103%
Do 3» reg li4%iMpi Central 4s... 74
Do ccupon 105S1 Do 1st lnc 22
Do new 4s reg.lUi)^; Minn & St L 4s.. f»5
Do coupon 131^»;M. K & Texas 4s. 102
Do old 4s reg.106%' Do 2ds 85f,
Do coupon 106UJNR of Mex con 4s 79>i
Atch gen 4s 1C2H! N Y C gen 3%s..l00ti.
Do a<ij 4* 9»)»i'N J C gen 5s 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. »*ii(Nor Pacific 4s 104%
Ea.lt & Ohio 4*..10->.%i Do 3a 74%
Do 3%* O3*ki!Nor & W con 4s. 101
Central of Ga 5s 113 • OSL 4s *• partlc. SS*;
Do l*t inc 87 ! Pa cor.v 3'i-s H)2%
Ches & Ohio 4%«.lC55s! Rfadlr.ir *en
Chi & Alton 3' j«. Rl iPLftl H con 5s. 115%
C B & Q new 4s. !>*%: P I, i S F fj 4s. 76Vi
CM & SP gn 4S.109U! £t Louis SW lsts. 99
C & NW con 7?.12S T i' Seaboard A L 4s. Sit;
C. R I & Pac 4*. TTMtPo Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 5s 8(5%! So Railway 3s 118%
CC.C & SUm 45.102 !Tex & Pac lsts.. 120%
Cht Term 4g 78%!Tnl St L & W 4s. «>*i
Cons Tobacco 4s. 75 u 1 Union Pacific 4s.l05U
CoU A So 4s.... 87% ! Dooonv 4s 1C9
C F & I con r>5. S4'. !T " « Pto»l 2d 5s.. s-14
Den 4: Rio O 4s.l01 "Wabanh lsts 119
Krie prior Hen 4s. 1«O ! I>-» d'.b R #>iJ4
Do ren 4^ SS%! W & t, Erie 4s. . . 91
F W * D C lsts.HOUl Wls Central 4*... 92%
Hock Val 4%*... 108%'
Xerv York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20; I. 5 • Chief C5
Alice .•...- 40, Ontario 3 50
Bre«ce 1S< Ophlr 2 13
Brtins Con 30j Phoenix '22
Com Tunnel 1% Potoal \ 13.
Con Cal t- Va... 1 5.V Savage 29
Horn Silver 1 50, Sierra Nevada.... 27
Iron Silver . 1 «0' Small Hopes 30
Lea'JvMe Con 02' Standard ......... I S3
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Morrey— I United Fruit ... .\C5
Call loan* 2©3i U F Steel 2LJ4
Time loans 4&5 1 Do pfd Slfg
Bonds— I Westing: Common. S5
Atchlson 4s 101% Mining-
Do adj 4s »€%! Adventure 3%
Mex Central 4s. . . 72 . Allouez 12
Railroads — Amal Copper 64 V.
Atchison R5% Amer Zinc ... 13U
Do pfd 101%| Atlantic i&3
Boston k Albany.247 I rtinjrham ...... 3O'i
Boston & Maine.l«4 } Calumet & Hecla 55T»'
Boston Elev 153 (Centennial "eu
Fltohburs pfd...".13« ! Coppe r Range 60«i
Mex Central 15%! Daly West .. i">ii
N Y. N H & H..195 i Dom Coal " Cfili
Pere Marquette. .. 7« I Franklin ....... " fi»J
Union Pacific. 106%!Grancy asj
Miscellaneous — I IM« Rova!* .... »oii
Amer Anse Chem. 1»%! Mass Mininir ' it'
Pfd 80% 'Mlrhlcan .....'." tu
Amer Pnea Tube. - 4% j Mohawk ....... " go»i
Amer Fugar ... .ir.r.u! Mont Cos! * Coke 514
Do pfd 135%!Old Dominion ...20
Amer Tel & Tel. 144 I Osceola oq
Amer Woolen \*V, \ Parrot "—S
Do pfd ...; «3 JQuincy ['. $4
Dom Iron & S... 15 I Tamarack . 110 '
Ed EJect nium.. 232 I Trinity ....' , «Ti
Gen Electric ....176%! U S MInlnr...""' »'(«
Mm Electric... . 12UITT 55 Oil . "11 3
Do pfd ...85 "|Utah '.'.'"" it-
Mas- Gas 4?% I Victoria ..."* a«i
Un Shoe Mach... RT> 1 Wlnona ' «iZ
Do Pfd 31«!Wolrerine *:::;::: 95
Lotidon Closing Stocks.
Con* for money.. 88%! N Y Central..... 138%
Do for acct.SS »-lb! Nor 4 Western... 76
Anaconda 5 Do pfd ...... 94
AtcW«m 87UlOnt & Western... 37%
Do pfd 104 %i Pennsylvania .... 70«i
BaH * Ohio 97U Rand Mines ¦'..-... -.10$*
Can Pacific .137 Reading 38*1
Che, t- Ohio:. ...-; 48% Do l?t pfd 44%
Chi Great West.. 20% Do 24 pfd......4lii
Chi Mil A St P.175% So Railway ...... 33%
De Beers .... 1SUI Do p f,j 074/
Den & Rio O 21%! So Pacific ... 64^
Do Pfd 84ViJUnton Padne ....110^,
Eri« ............. 27«i( Do pfd ..97%
Do 1st pfd . 735»|US Steel Z»%
200 Duluth S S A A.I 11% 11%| 11 . 11%
.rniSLj? 0 Pfd 19 19 18 18^*
1-2.200 Erie .16% 35?, 35% 35%
7.S0O- Do 1st pM ... 72 71 711* 71 4
7.4C01 Do 2d pfd 51- 49% 48% 50
IE A TH | '...?. 58 60
} Do prd | 75 85
Gen Chemical 4S t5
1 Do pfd* 91 <t>6
2,400 ( G>n Electric ..:. 17S% 176% 17«% 177
'Great No pfd i. 1S8 1»2
IGreen Cons Cop 20 20%
Havana Tob Co 23 30
Do pfd 37 41
.(Hocking Val 82% 83
9.100, Do pfd 82 82 81 82
tt.700 Illinois Central .. 145% 144U 144«; 145 -
SCO! Inter Paper I8T4 18% 18% 18*;
1.S00; Do pfd 78% 78 77% 78
800 Inter Power .. 64 62% «3 63%
OOOjInter Pump 38 37 37% 38
100 Do pfd 82U S2H 81 S2%
2.100 Iowa Central ... 29H 2S% 2SV; 28%
C2C0, Do pfd 51% 49% «% 60
iKanawha &MlcH 35% 37
2,700'KC FtS & Mpfd SO 79% 79% 80
SOOKans C So 27U 27%
l.OOOj Do pfd 49% 49 49% 50
200 Keokuk & Des M IS I IS 17 18
~|Laclede Gas pfd. 82 100
ILake E & West. 33% 34
Do pfd 100 105
jLong Island 38 60
ll,R00;Louis & Xash... [137% 1134% 135% 136
700. Manhattan ..... 15* % 1 157%! 157 U IM
I Manhattan B-cch | 1 0% H ;
3.70UiMetropoIitan S«c. S4% 83 i 83% 84
2,UH):Met Pt Ry 123 !l21% 122% 122%
19.300 Mexican Central. 17Vil 16 \C% 16%
500 Minn & St L 60%] 60 59% 60%
' I Do l!»t pfd 95 97
400;M, StP&SSM 83% S2% 81% «2%
300| Do pfd 1.54 % 1 134 >s! 13*% 135
3.2<X>;Mo. Kan & Tex. 23 %| 29 29 U 29^i
2.000i Do pfd 57%l 5« I 5«% 57
42,«00 Missouri Pacific. T05^,I103% 104 104U
200 Xash. C & St L.|ir»5 1135 134 138
12,OIX> ; National Lead... 2« 24% 25% 2r>%
lOOi Do pfd 97 97 9« 97
700iNtl RR M»x pfd 42 41% 41 «i 41%
1)00 National Biscuit. 49U 49 4S% 49V*
200. Do pfd 109% 110
100 New Jersey Cen. 1S4 1S3 |1S2% 1S3%
1.41R.X Y Air Brake. 'IZH'i, 136%|136 137
5.200 New York Cen. . .!135Vill34 1134% 135
600 ,N Y. C & St L. 35%l 35 34% 35
I Do 1st pfd 110 116
SOOi Do 2d pfd 71 "i 70 «7 72
I New York Dock 1 14 17
200 N Y. N H & H. 195% 1194 194% 19ft%
12.«)0'N Y, Ont A W. 36% 3« 36%l S<i'A
S,2O)'Norf0lk &. West. 73% 72 72% 73
I Do pfd 91 9J»
500 North American 96 96%
53, Of*); Northern Sees... 114% 112 113 113%
|O:r.aha J. ..:.. 140 150
I Do pfd t I..... 1S5
'-!O S L4s I i I 95* 99%
200Paciflc Coast \ «9"«| 68% 6»% 70
...,...) Do 1st pfd....! i 05 105
400' Do 2d pfd 7K%i 78% 77% 79
SOOPaclflc Mall I 38* 37*» 37T4 38 ;
|Penn R R Co. ..|13<>%:13jVi 135% 136
9.90O People's Gas. . . J.107%1106% 10«H!10»5%
IFerf Marquette.-I I I 75 I 80
400' Do pfd 72 7t%\ 72 To
lOCiP. C. C & St L.l 74 74 74 75
I no r fd !i03% u«',i
4 300 ! Pressed Steel Car 42 I 40 j 40 141
l.Xfxv D-j rfd S2%| SI I Rl%| R2
100 Pullman Car Co.!22S ;228 '226 '230
700; Ky Steel Spring:?; 26 I 25 25 25%
40Ci i» pfd s"% s«»4 .««v; 87-
le'.ea'Reading j 76% 74?» 7*Ts 75
2.300i Do 1st pfd 1 88 88%
1.400 1 Do 2d pfd I ««>% 81
5C0 Republic S & I.J 12%! 12% 12% 12*
2.2Oiji D-3 pfd -. 54 I 52% 52^1 52%
SOO'Rubber Goods... 2:<i.;l 22% 22%! 23%
200i Do pfd j So'-ij 85 S5 86
700 Sloes S S & I...? 46%l 45% 4« . 4«%
! Do pM I-----! 9° 97
'st J & G I ! 15% 17
100 Do 1st pfd. ...1 53 53 f 51 55
20i'.' Do 21 pfd I 27%! 27 ! 26 27',
StL & SF 1st pfd) I 72 75
4 200 : Do 2d pfd (.: 62 62 »i
¦700'St L & S W i 22% 22% 22 22H
1.70<)i Do pfd 49%,! 45% 4S% 40%
7S.60O Eouthern Pac .. R3 6Hi! 61 S 61%
1.4T*> Southern Pac ptdllSK 115%]118% 116%
106,900 Southern Ry '....i »H] 33%! 34 «*! 34%
3,40«>f Do pfd .-.....! 86 ! 93%i 95%! 93%
! Standard Oil ....I j 1644 J649
Stand Rope & T. I I ITV 2
- 4.000Tenn Oial * I..! 57 "j 55%! 53% M
iTex P L T Co.] .....30 33
11.3W Texas Pacific. ...! E5%!-34 (34% 34N
SOOiTW- Ry & T Co.! 25 I 24%: 24% 25%
iTol S I- & W...1 1 3OX^ 31
400: Do PM 50%! 30 ! 49^1 00
Twin City R T.. i - 102%|lC3^
l,ino ! Do rM ;...:-. .-¦•".. ..:•• 10.1% 104
200 ; Cr.ion Bag & P. - 7% 7 . 6 8
• Do pfd .. ...:. .....lis • e$
94.«00|Vn!on Pacffle . .tlO7Ti 11058* ?10««.I10»J%
"" 1.000 Po- pfd ;>¦ 95«4<; 94-ij 95%1 93%
: !r p r«nv 4s ! I !ic«%iica%
(United Cop ! I ! 5 I 7
OX* 1 United Rds of SFl 16 ( 13 15%i 18
1.300' Do pfd (60 I 59HI 59 I HO
] Da 4s I ! I Ml! *4
fc S CtM Iron P.: ! 13 j 13%
200! D«!» pfd ! 64%( 64%| fi4%| «T>%
U S ErpresB ..! i Ill" UU>
O.WftiXI S Leather ..I 14 H! 12%! 12%] 13
3 WiO' Do pfd ! »2>j! OO%| 90% !»1
2 2OOU S Rubber I 2*» T i' 27"^! 28 28%
IOC-! Do pfd ! *3%! M%l S2 Kt
77.800 U S Ste«l Cor ..! 22<*! 20%! 21«4 21%
120.WX}' Do pfd I 82%i SI I 81%! 81 '»
1,400 Va-Car Chem Co. I 33%! 35 I 34%! 33
I Do pfd ..."...} I !lCfii{:.iCS%
5 20<VWabas!i I 22 I 21 I 21«fe! 21%
8.700 Waba«h pM I 44%! 43*.! 4.1Vi! 43%
.......! D.^ Deb Bs ...I I I 66%t 67
'WeUs-Farro E^c.! ! '23s !2tH
3 4<Y W«Ptem Union ! J»2*i! S2 ! K j 92%
4,O»iO WfgtJnKhouse ....I173H il71'4il72 1172%
' Do 1st pfd ...].....! !ll» 120.)
2<V>W & L E I 18% I l«i%l 18% 1S%
100 Do 1st pfd ...I 44J%! 46%! 46%t 47
I Do 2d pfd ' 127 I 27%
|Wl9«jn*!n Cen ..I 22%! 22 I 21%! 22..
I Do pfd 1 4o | 4.i»j| 44;i! 45%
1,934.400 total shares 'sold.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about mile under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. »Hc: light. 9c; Cow
Hides 9c for heavy and '9c for 'light; Stags,
7c; Salted Kip. 10c;. Salted Veal. He; Salted
Calf U%e; dry Hides, 18H®17c; dry Kip. 13©
14c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 259
40c each: short Wool. 40683c each; medium.
75§£0c; long Wool. $16150; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for targe and $292 50 for medium.
$1 &0@2 for small and 50c for Colts;' Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts.*
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c: dry- salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: extra large do.
$1 25; large. 50c; medium, 35c; small. 20c
i TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4£44c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c: Greaae. 2*463c.
WOOL— Fall dip— San Joaqnln and South
ern 9<Hlc;- Southern. 8|»9e; Southern ' Moun
tain. 9«llc; Middle Counties, free. 12® 14c:
do, defective. 10<812e; Northern free, 12^14c;
do defective. 10012c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno I4@15c per ¦ lb. -• •
HOPS — 1904 crop. 26@31c per Ib.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
recent rains, which seem to promise an open
winter. .
'The choice grades of both Wheat and Tame
Oat Hay ' are ¦ still in good demand and in
rather light supply. Everything else seems
to be dragging a bit, with damaged Hay going
at extremely. low prices." ;
BRAN — $19®2O per ton. . . '
MIDDLINGS— $24® 27 per ton.
SHORTS— $10®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 50<824 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 501232 50;
jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22©23: Corn
Meal, $30 50<§31 60: Cracked Corn. $31632:
Mixed Feed, $22@22 50: Horse Beans. $3O©40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10015 50: » Wheat and Oat.
$10@14 50;' Oat. MQ13; Barley and Oat. $S
@12; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7010; stable $9
Oil; stock. $5 5067; Clover. $7«10; Alfalfa,
$9612 per ton.
STRAW — *5@«5c p*r bale.
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $23;
Mess. $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10% c; Pig pork.
$26; Piss' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces ; quoted at tftc • per. lb for.
California compound. 7c for Eastern 1 compound
and 10 Vic for pure; half-barrels . pure.' lO%ic;
10-lb tins," ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c; 3-lb tins,
lliie. ' ¦ v, - * •
COTTOLENE— One balf barrel. 8Ke; three
half barrels, 8 He; one tierce. 8»4c; two tierces,
8%c; five Uerces. 8Hc per- In.
good feeding- barley, 37c; fair to choice malt
ins. '40632c; No. 1 naaaeed, , $1 11; No.. 1
Northwestern,-', Jl I s : mess Pork; per bbl..
$10 90@ll; lard, per 100 lbs., $7 22W@7 25;
short ribs sides (loose), $7 40@7 00; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 25<g7 CO; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 26*4; clover, • contract grade.
$12 25. — ¦.*.-.. -
Articles— '-' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 35,000 20,500
Wheat, bushels.. .....227,000 74,500
Corn, bushels .............146,800 153,300
Oats, . tush-els ;... 351.500 152.500
Rye. bushels .'. 17,400 9,700
Barley, bushels ...........240,800 42,200
THE^SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 20, 190*:
Continued on Pa«e Fourteen.
There la nothing new in this market, either
here or at Western ¦ packing .: centers.
:- CURED ;MEATS— Bacon, ll^c per ' ib 'for
heavy. > ll#c . f or light medium. - I4c lor Ught.
14%c ; for.-extra light and 17c for ,sugar
cured; : dry" salt Sides.-' 10?4c;- Bellies. 12c;
Eastern ¦ .j eugar-eured - Kama, - 14e;>, Cali
fornia Ham*. 13Uc; Mess B*-f. $10010 50 p«r
bbl; extra Utmm. $10 5O@U; Family. $12fl2 50;
ProrlsJons.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 19— g p. m .
. , UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask'.f v . bjj" . v
4s qr coup.-littHlOrt^ 4. q r cp mw.U1S1K«
4a qr rea\..106%10tmi3« q r eoup...i04*il05&
- MISCELLANEOUS . BONDS.
Ala A W 5». — — Oak T Co Co. 120 121*4
Asso OH 5a. ?0 — , v Do 5« :. - .112 na
Bay CPC 58.10H41C2 Do con 5s. 103 -_
Cal CO St.VaV, — ; Oceanic S 5s. _ ¦ _
Cal GiE? " Qm Cable '6s. 120U'—
m * ct 5s. — 81U Pae G Im 4s — 07
Cal-st C Sa.llZH — • P E Rt 5»..lO4Hl0Sii
C C Wat Se. SW — P * C H 6a.l<H _
F A C H <fr. -—¦.-—_ Pow«n-«t «•., —^ — "
Geary-st Ss.^SO . — . Sac EG*R5s.lOO J01 V
H C&S 5H«-M5 _ gp ft SJV5e.llS —
, -Do 5s -..": 99»i — Sierra" R to. — —
Hon R T 6a.107R.i-— S P of A 6»
I. A Elec 5s. — lOOfi • (1900) ..-..-.lOStf —
1. A R y &»- -m — <mo) :..-.-. .100% —
LA LCoto- :— ,!S.P,«< C «• ..
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15:; It'll ' be' right j If ? it I is .' printed by * Edward
Knowles Co., 24 Second 'street, . ' .,*•'•
¦ ¦'.* For, an excellent ' lunch;" table •* d' hote -or • a " la
carte.'with or without wine, visit The Claren
don Cafe, 543 Post »tv opposite Olympic Club.*.
SECT HELD WITHOUT WARRANT.—Oak
land. . Oct. . 10.— Eddie Harland.- a la,d 12 years
of age. has been held for more than a week in
confinement without . a charge - being , placed
against him on ; motion of charitable , societies.
Deputy District Attorney Brown instructed Ju
venile OfnceriEzra Decoto"to-day>to investi
gate the matter, and that If nothing* was done
shortly the. boy. would be discharged.
"HAS LEG BROKEN.^-Oakland. Oct. 19.—
John t F.vWilliams,*- a ' workman . on a dredger
in "v the L, estuary." broke his leg ', to-day ' by.; the
falling of. a; timber.^' He was removed to the
Receiving Hospital, .where the injured member
•was set by, Dr. L.-L..; Rigglns.
SOCSA AT. THE GREEK THEATER.—
Suburbanites will - have - an opportunity of
hearir; the great 7 Sousa band at its- best on
next Friday afternoon, as arrangements , have
been completed' for a' concert • to ¦ be given at
the Greek-Theater in Berkeley.' .This theater
with its remarkable . acoustic*.-: will . be rplen
dldly suited for the ' rendition of just such a
programme : as Sousa" contemplates presenting
Among the- many special ¦ numbers on the spe
cially arranged programme are" selections trora
the great "Paxslf aL" J-AgmUftiaBaPBMttMW^
A bazaar, under the auspices of the
Ladies' Aid Society of Trinity : English
Evangelical Lutheran .; Church.V, will
open to-night at -Mission Parlor? Hall,
Seventeenth street, between
and Guerrero. The ¦ bazaar will "con
tinue Friday and Saturday- evenings
and. on each occasion there will' be; an
interesting musical programme, 'arid
well-known singers will = appear. : The
object . of the" bazaar " is to raise ; funds
for the new j church , to . ; be erected - in
the \ immediate T; future . " on Howard
"street, near Eighteenth. ;.' -
Lutheran Church Bazaar.
Judge Murasky yesterday • denied a
motion for non suit In the case of Jo.
seph M. Kinley against the H. S.
Crocker. Company and the trial wh,Ich
began, yesterday. morning will be con
tinued to-day. Kinley sues the pub
lishers for damages in the sum of
$25,450 for the retention of his un
finished ' work, _;."Klnley's American
and English . Precedents." They hold,
he says, 785 copies. of :.Vol. 1, 1985 of
Vol. 2 arid^OOO^of VoL 3." besides 3600
matrices for The cojni
pany claims that $6588.due,'on..'a;con
tract,Avith John': W/Butler foVj r getting
out '-the*; work *.is unpaid..
Author Against Publisher.
Thousands of men in every State, have
been -wearing James Means' $2 SO and
$3 00 shoes for thirty years and are sat
isfied to keep on wearing them.. Made in
Brockton. Mass... and sold to you direct
from . factory — a saving .of one-third.
James Means store 16 Fourth street. Cat
alogue free. •
The ' San Francisco Laundry^ Com
pany was granted permission to recon
struct its stable on : Turk street, , near
Fillmore. . . • " ' l ¦
Artificial stone sidewalks were * or
dered laid on Franklin street, between
Vallejo and Union, and* on - Larkin
street, between Union and Filbert.
Grades were ordered changed on
Twenty-third street, near Hoffman : av
enue. " •-.- ' ; -;.¦, >/
The Board of Public Works (ap
proved the plans for a fire .-engine
house on Twentieth street, near/ Con
necticut, and. will ask, the Supervisors
for authority to erect the building..
Approves Engine- House Plans.
¦ Cleanse and renovate the vital fluid (or
blood) and healthfully stimulate every
bodily function with Lash's Bitters, j • -
' The two resolutions adopted by the
Board of Supervisors Monday notify
ing the Board of Public Works that
it will not approve of any demands on
the contract of F." M. Yorke & Co. to
pave H street nor any contract to be
awarded for the repaving of Fourth
street because no .authorization was
issued for the .same were forwarded
to • Mayor Schmitz _ yesterday for his
approval or disapproval.
The Mayor has until Friday of next
week to take action and he intimated
that he would certainly veto both res
olutions. The Mayor holds with the
Board of Works that the specific ap
propriation in the municipal budget
for the Improvements designated is a
legal authorization to the Board of
Works to do' the work. In fact, this
opinion was entertained, by the later
Commissioner of .Works Mendell, but
as a precaution permission to go
ahead with any 'street- Improvements
was formally asked for, . even if the
work was e specifically authorized in
the budget. The Mayor is of the opin
ion that the 'Democratic members of
the Board t of Supervisors are taking
advantage of the point. to make polit
ical capital of it. .
Will Disapprove . of Threat of Super
visors Xot to Pay Demands on
Street Contracts.
MAYOR SCHMITZ WILL
VETO TWO RESOLUTIONS
There was filed In the office of the
fcupenisors yesterday a bond in the
turn of $10,000 to insure the proper
replacing of pavements proposed to
be torn up by the San Francisco Coke
nn<3 Gas Company for the purpose of
placing underground pipes and other
conduits to supply electricity, water
or gas or other fluid f lighting pur
poses to the city and Its inhabitants.
The sureties of the bond, which was
approved by Mayor Schmltr, are Leo
pold Michels and M. Greenbaum.
Ban Francisco Coke and Gas Com
pany Ready to Begin Laying
of Pipes.
Containing over 1700 in Callfornlx and every
person and concern in business in the State
arranped alphabetically in their respective
towns; also railroad fares, population, names of
all county official*, banking, etc Indispensable
to the business . man and lawyer. Informa
tion found in a moment that will lake day»
to obtain' otherwise.- A postal to Sults-Shu
man Company. 738, Mission street, or phone
Black 6475. will brinr asent with book for la
cpection. • " -,- - • *
Suits-Shnman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
FILES BOXI> FOR THE
TEARING UP OF STREETS
3IIDDLE GROUP OF MIXES
OX COMSTOCK TO PUMP
Announcement. . Made That Draining
Through Ward Shaft Will Be
gin In November.
Leon M. Hall, consulting engineer of
the Comstock Pumping Association,
nled a report yesterday. In which he
set forth that the .work of draining the
middle group of mines on the Corn
stock lode will begin early in Novem
ber, through the Ward shaft This
shaft is supposed to be 2500 feet deep.
As soon as it is freed from water It
is proposed to sink it to 3000 feet and
install two additional electrically driv
en pumps at the bottom. This work
will be preliminary, so reports Mr.
Hall, to the exploration of the lod» on
the 3000 foot level. The mines em
braced In the Ward Shaft Association
are the Gould & Curry, Savage, Hale &
ICorcross, Chollar, Potosi, Bullion, Ex
chequer. Alpha Consolidated and Julia
Consolidated.
The will was filed for probate yes
terday by Emil Engelberg, husband of
the woman, from whom she obtained
a -decree of divorce on March 17. Her
death, however, leaves him her wid
ower as, by an oversight, the Interloc
utory decree was never entered. . En
gelberg does not intend to oppose the
will, although ' the testatrix expressly
stated that, she Intentionally failed to
provide for him. She also left noth
ing to Harold Hudson Dugan, a boy
whom she took to rear and who ran
away from her.
The will was dated October 12. The
shooting, from which she died, hap
pened the next day. Percy! N.Towne,
the attorney in whose office the : will
was drawn and one of the witnesses to
its signature, relates- a circumstance
which might indicate Mrs. Engelberg's
presentiment of her fate. Her . hand
trembled as she signed the will >' and
she remarked: "I don't know why I
should be nervous." The stenograph
er replied: "Oh, you might be nervous
If "it was to-morrow, the 13th, but to
day isn't unlucky."
The day before Annie Isabel Engel
berg was shot by the accidental dis
charge of a revolver that dropped from
the pocket of Ernest N. Bales, she
signed a will in which she left him
$500. Her estate, consisting: chiefly of
jewelry now in the hands of the po
lice, is worth about $4500, and the
remainder is bequeathed to three
cousins, Mary. Catherine and Annie
McStay, old maiden ladies living at
Gilroy. .
Leaves $500 to Ernest Bales, Whose
Revolver Killed Her.
MRS. EXGELBERG'S WILL.
Do you wear classes? Properly fitting
class** and Murine Eye Remedy promote
Eye comfort. Murine makes Eyes strong.*
"In conveying any title to the lands/'
says the Court of Appeals, "and In re
ceiving the money for the lands it sold
to bona fide purchasers the company
must be held responsible, for the pay
ment of the amount specified under
.the act therefor."
The Judgment of the Circuit Court
in favor of Maud Van Buren and other
heirs of John Van Buren for $6750 dam
ages against the Mountain Copper
Company, limited, was affirmed. John
Van Buren, father of Maud and two
other children, was killed by a cave in
the mine on February 28. I960. He was
a bridge carpenter, was hired as a car
penter by the company, but was 'put
to work under ground as a mucker
against his protest. Evidence was in
troduced during the trial in the lower
courjt tending to prove that the fore
man and other employes knew that the
stope in which • Van Buren had been
put to work was. unsafe.
Company was worsted in the United
States Circuit Court for the Southern
District of California was passed upon
yesterday by the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals. The Judgment of
the lower court in favor of the United
States was affirmed.
The case was a bill in equity brought
by the United. States against the cor
poration to secure certain bonds issued
by the company and. also against nu
merous other defendants, to determine
the title to more than 30,000 acres of
land under the grant of March 3, 1871;
to ascertain what portions of the lands
have been sold to bona fide purchasers;
for the cancellation of patents on the
lands still owned by the company, and
for an accounting for moneys received
by the corporation for such lands to
the extent of $1 25 per acre.
The railroad company had received
I-'atents for the lands under an errone
ous interpretation of the law. It was,
says the Court of Appeals, a clear mis
take to convey any right or title what
ever to the railroad company in any
of the lands in question. The company
sold part of the property to bona fide
purchasers, in many cases receiving
more than the Government price there
for.
Another appeal in & land title
case In which the Southern ' Pacific
' According- to information gleaned
yesterday from a reliable source, ' the
latest ; survey r of the Harriman engin
eers is "along the ridge of the North
Fork' Canyon, .700 feet above the route
surveyed ~;i', f or. ?¦¦¦ the * Western - Pacific.
Whether' Harriman"- proposes to build
another:- line across the western . por
tion " of . Nevada is only a -, - matter of
'speculation, but; h*^ does intend to get
into" -tlie : territory in Northwestern
.California,': hitherto ignored," and \ will
endeavor; to thwart r.the ' plans of _ the
c Western Pacific to control the traffic
that will eventually: originate in that
sectiorrof the State .through the devel
opment "of the country. -
It was learned yesterday, however,
that Harriman agents have been quiet
ly survoying from the end of these five
miles! of road in a northerly; direction
for v fifteen miles," and have already
completed '. their : work. " Their instruc-'
tlons now are to proceed with a survey
of another, stretch of about Blxty miles
up to 'the Big 'Meadows, which' will be
reached by a • careful selection of ; ele
vations. From there a new easterly
route will be; surveyed in the direction
of ; the Nevada State line through Fre
donia Pass. .'%¦ ' ¦.- ¦
PARALLELS RIVAL LINE.
Since. the announcement was made
by the Diamond Match Company's offi
cials, their road, has passed to the con
trol of a Harriman corporation organ
ized in this city seven months ago and
at the head of which is* Colonel John
C. Klrkpatrick, manager of the Sharon
Estate Company, who figures as a di
rector,^ treasurer or president in" a
number of; Harriman railroad enter
prises. 'After acquiring the Butte
County Railroad the Harriman corpo
ration ; leased the former back to the
Diamond Match Company, which now
manages it." A few weeks ago rails
were laid northward from : Stirling for
a distance of about five miles, and
when curious people began to' ask
questions' they were' informed that the
extension was simply, designed to en
able the : Diamond': Match' Company to
reach its timber properties and bring
its logs into Stirling.
The presence at the . Palace . Hotel
during the past few days of several di
rectors of the Butte County j Railroad
has brought to light the fact that E. H.
Harriman is preparing to invade the
territory In Northern California
through which the Western Pacific
Railway is arranging to build. Recent
visitors to Chico and the new town of
Stirling, where the Diamond Match
Company has established big sawmills,
have noticed with considerable wonder
the large amount of railroad work be
ing done in that neighborhood.
Although the Diamond Match Com
pany's representatives .announced,
when they completed the laying of rails
on the Butte County route from Chlco
to Stirling, that the latter town would
be the terminus of the new road for a
number, of years to come, it is now
known that the objective point for
which the road is destined is some
place, in Nevada, which will be
reached by way of the Big Meadows
and Freddnla Pass, through which. the
Western Pacific has made a survey.
HARRIMAN IS AT WORK.
Harriman Now Prepared to
Parallel Western Pacific
in Northern California
Judgment of Lower Court
in Favor of Settlers
Is Affirmed Judicially
Among the divorce suits filed yes
terday was one by Searl E. P. Taylor,
a clerk in the International Banking
Corporation, against Cecil Rose Tay
lor. ' Desertion Is charged. There will
be depositions of witnesses at Sydney,
New South Wales, where the couple
were .married in September, 1887.
Other suits for divorce were filed by
Cora Sweet against Edy Sweet, neg
lect and desertion; James M. Senft
against Regina'S. Senft, desertion, and
Mary E. Hart against' A. I* Hart, neg
lect and desertion." Divorces were
granted by Judge Kerrigan to Thomas
McArthur from Angeline McArthur,
desertion: by Judge Seawell to Bertha
E. Rankin from Charles E. Rankln,
desertion. *!'**?
In the Divorce Court.
Contra Costa County has not yet
forwarded its goods, but will soon
have them where they can be inspect
ed. The Contra Costa people are pre
paring to have a notable exhibit More
strangers are visiting the rooms of the
State Board of Trade than at any pre
vious time.
Three additional California counties
have decided to maintain permanent
exhibits of their products In the hall
of the California State Board of Trade
In this city. They are: Tuolumne.
Calaveras and Contra Costa. The first
two have already put their exhibitions
In place.
The mountain counties ot Calaveras
and Tuolumne have recently con
tributed collections of ores to the State
Mining Bureau. , Their exhibits in the
State Board of Trade Hall are mainly
of agricultural and horticultural prod
ucts.
Tuolumne, Calavcras and Contra Cos
ta Provide Permanent*-- Exhibi
tions to Advertise Resources.
RAILROAD LOSES
ANOTHER APPEAL
WILL EXTEND
STIRLING LINE
AMBITIOUS COUNTIES
DISPLAY THEIK PRODUCTS
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like vlsitingEurope without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is th« most beautiful jewelry
store in the world. -Visitors or purchas
ers are equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Bush and Pine. • ¦
To Visit San Francisco
\ The trial of Lieutenant George Rich
ards Jr., 'charged with duplicating his
pay accounts, was resumed at the Pre
sidio yesterday morning.
The principal witness was the father
of the accused, George S. Richards Sr.,
one of the, magnates of the Standard
Oil trust. The plea put forth by
Lieutenant Richards was that the
cause of all his trouble was temporary
insanity. The father testified that
Lieutenant Richards was always a
bright boy, and that there was never
anything In his actions previous to his
joining the army to denote that he was
not perfectly sarie. In fact, Richards
Sr. said that his son had always been
mentally capable,- and at college was a
brilliant mathematician. He had In
herited these qualifications from his
father, as weir as from his- mother.
Since his son's return from Manila,
the father declared, his action's had
changed. . During , his" cross-examina
tion by Judge Advocate. Jphn.'J. Brad
ley, the witness would occasionally get
very "crusty." He evidently didn't
like the questions put • to him, and
once he remarked, "I am getting tired
of this." The case will be resumed at
10 o'clock this morning.
Colonel E. A. Goodwin and the
Third Squadron, Ninth Cavalry, will
depart on Saturday morning for Jef
ferson Barracks, Mo.
'The following officers called at de
partment headquarters yesterday:
Lieutenant J. M. Petty, Twentieth In
fantry, on leave of absence, and Cap
tain Louis H. Bash, Seventh Infantry,
who is "staying at the Bohemian Club.
In response to a query from Mr. Sul
livan, Mrs. Monnier said she and her
husband had never legally adopted
George.
Attorney Sullivan, in a cross-exam
ination, asked Mrs. Monnier If she had
testified In Judge Hunt's court that
George was her son or Monnier*s son
and she replied that the question was
not asked if he was an adopted or
natural son. If it had been asked
she would have told the truth.
Mr. Sullivan then questioned her as
to the baptism of the boy in the
French church in 1882. She Baid that
her sister-in-law and the latter's hus
band, now dead, had been George's
sponsors. The elder Monnier "was not
present when the boy was named
George Jr. and she could not remem
ber whether the names of his parents
were given. She Insisted that she sign
ed no records at the baptism. On other
points her memory was at fault. Mr.
Sullivan has a copy of the baptismal
record. •
In that deposition she said that she
was not his mother and had no knowl
edge that Monnier was his father; that
he had been • brought to them by a
woman named Mrs. Darling when he
was 3 years old.
In the affidavit, it was also stated
that he and his attorneys need more
time to secure witnesses who will
prove the charge that Monnier made
his will under the undue influence of
his wife, leaving her all of his estate,
worth $150,000.
Not being prepared with a counter
affidavit. Mr. Collins called Mrs. Mon
nier to the stand and she said that she
never made the statement that George
Monnier Jr. was the natural son of
Monnier. nor had Monnier made such
a statement to her. She said positive
ly that the young man was not her son.
HER FORMER TESTIMONY.
He was, he says, always treated
as a son by George and Anna
Monnier, and was always a mem
ber of the family. In an action In
Judge Hunt's court in 1901 for divorce
from Violet Monnier, Mrs. Monnier had
testified, he said,* that she was his
mother. He did not know, he declares,
that Anna Monnier would deny that he
was a son of George Monnier until last
Saturday, when she gave her deposi
tion before Edna T. Keating, a notary
public.
31TSTERIOUS WOMAN.
Attorney George D. Collins repre
sented the widow, Anna Monnier, and
Matt Sullivan and Theo. J. Roche ap
peared for the contestant. The latter
won their point and obtained a contin
uance until November 2, which is the
date set for the beginning of the Dol
beer trial and if the greater contest is
ready the Monnier case will go over.
Mrs. Monnier, veiled, was In court
with her lawyer and on the stand she
said she was not the mother, nor was
Monnier the father of the young man.
The contestant's reasons for demand
ing a continuance were set forth in an
affidavit read by Mr. Roche and in
asking for four weeks more time in
which to prepare for trial it was stated
that Monnier Jr. wants to find wit
nesses who were present at his birth,
or who can throw some light on his
paternity.
tinuance,
Another hint at the mystery sur
rounding the parentage of George
Monnier Jr. and a forecast of the nat
ure of the testimony to be introduced
in his contest of George Monnler's will
developed* in Judge Coffey's court yes
terday morning during a verbal pas
sage at arms between the attorneys
for both sides over a motion for a con-
Ernest N. Bales told a straightfor
ward story yesterday before the
Coroner's . jury as to the man-;
ner in which the shot was fired that
killed Mrs. Annie Engelberg last j
Thursday on Portola street. His testl- :
mony and that of other witnesses con- ;
vinced the Jury that while he was in !
the act of getting out of a buggy his!
revolver dropped out of his overcoat j
pocket and, striking on the pavement, j
was discharged. A verdict of accidental i
death was returned and Bales was ex- j
onerated. The Jury mentioned him In j
the verdict as "the defendant," proba
bly a pardonable error under the cir
cumstances.
Bales is a drug clerk and of refined
and gentlemanly appearance. He wore ,
glasses and gave his testimony in a
very self-possessed and intelligent
manner. The bearing and aspect of the
man were in strange contrast with the
large size and formidable appearance
of the weapon that he carried on his
last ride with his sweetheart. It was I
a Coifs revolver of navy size and of.
.45 caliber. In answer to an Inquiry by \
Coroner Leland, Bales explained that :
Mrs. Engelberg had insisted upon his;
carrying the firearm whenever they j
went riding, because four years ago she i
had been stopped by footpads in Golden !
Gate Park and robbed of much valu- j
able jewelry. The witness explained j
that she always wore diamonds when ;
on an outing and that he had carried j
the revolver more with the object of i
allaying her fears than of any desire
to use It.
"We stopped at the Casino," he con"-.!
tinued, "and she had one or two cock- j
tails, but she was perfectly sober at the
time of the shooting."
"Were you sober?" asked the Cor
oner. ,';'.*
"Yes; I never drink."
"What did you take at the Casino?"
"A glass of milk or "soda water. :
That's what I usually take." j
Then Bales explained how the accl- ;
dent happened. He had driven up in
front of No. 50 Portola street, Mrs. En
gelberg being on the left hand side of
the buggy and near the sidewalk. She
got out first and stood near the horse's
head, facing Bales. He had one fo'ot
on the buggy step, the other on the
curb, when he saw the flash at his feet j
and heard the report of the revolver, j
Mrs. Engelberg exclaimed "Oh!" and
fell. He ran to her and endeavored to j
stanch the flow of blood. Bystanders '¦
immediately gathered round and a phy- j
slcian was called, but the unfortunate 1
woman had passed beyond the reach of.
human aid.
Bales was released yesterday after
noon by order of Captain Burnett.
Incidentally the Mayor assails the
proprietors of the Bulletin and Chron
icle, which, he alleges, have been de
faming his administration.
I stroncly advise them to agitate this sub
ject, rather than to allow themselves to be
made, for political purposes, the mistaken
tools of the avowed enemies of an adminis
tration which is sincerely their friend.
In conclusion I will eay that the proceed
ings in this matter have disclosed that a fail-
Jr. cflf In the demand for certain brands . of
cirars bearing the union label is due to a
j-frtain extent to the fact that union men dc
not call lor tho« brands. If the men inter
ested In the unions and In the union label,
on roods of home production manufactured
by white labor, would call for the same. I am
pure that the demand would be so largely in
«T«-ated that the Clear-makers' Union would
have en :ts hands more work than its mem
bers could do.
If Mr. Drinkhouse were to resign, any mas
whom I might appoint in his place would. :f
lr. any business at all, undoubtedly be amen
able to the came possibility.
REASON* FOR FALLING OFF.
If 1 had the slightest idea that Mr. Drlnk
lv-u$» »•»» usir.c any Intimidation, direct!)' or
indirectly, by reason of his being Police Com
isirsioner to Increase his business, I should
bold it to be a violation of his official duty,
end would ark his resignation, but I cannot
hold a naturfei. logical, legitimate and un
fc-rced Inert aite in a man's private business
to be a cause of his removal from public
office.
Any rr.tr. In business occupying any impor
tant zaur.icij.Al office must necessarily attract
tome additlonai trade, whether he have an
lneur&sct agency, like Mr. NewhaJl or Mr.
Rejcan. a. real estate agency, like Mr. Howcll.
or a cigar Dullness, l:k« Mr. Drinkhouse. I
presume even a professional man, a doctor or
a latryer. would also be incidentally benefited
by fcavinr much a position.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday made pub
lic his findings in the matter of the
complaint of the Cigar-makers' Union
that Police Commissioner Drinkhouse
bad used his official position to ad
vance his business interests and ask
ing for his removal from office on that
account. In his findings the Mayor
says that the charges against Drink
house have not been sustained after
a fair and impartial trial and he
therefore must refuse to ask for the
resignation of Drinkhouse.
In a typewritten statement the
Mayor reproduces the letter sent to
him by the Cigar-makers* Union on
the subject' and then quotes from the
transcript of evidence in the trial to
show that Drinkhouse was guiltless of
any wrongdoing. He says in conclu
sion:
Frcra all of which I am constrained to find,
era I da :::.£ : Pint, that Mr. 1 >r.r.khou.«e has
n*ver directly or Indirectly intimidated, co
erued or compelled any one to buy hie cigars,
or used hi> ,utiticn lor that purpose.
becond. liia business has naturally increased
somewhat from the fact that be holds the
position of Police Commissioner. *
out of 2000 saloon* in thU city be bad 1S7
curtotsers belorc be became Commissioner. lie
now h&e 3CS, bt!r.; an Increase of 229 in
t»>nty-on« months, an average of about
eleven a. month.
Member of Standard Oil
Trust Is Working Hard to
Save Disgrace to Family
Search for the Parent Who
Gave Away Her Child
Is Now in Full Progress
Strange Contrast Between
Man of Refined Manner
and the Desperado Weapon
IS FREED FROM BLAME
*.
Tells Cigar-Makers' Union
He Will Not Ask for the
Resignation of Official
BACKED BY TESTIMONY
QUESTIONS NETTLE HIM
A WOMAN OF MYSTERY
Describes Clearly How Mrs.
Annie Engelberg Was
Killed by His .".Revolver
Parent .of Lieutenant Bicli
: ards Offers Testimony Be
fore Court" at the Presidio
Mrs: Monnier Says Reputed
Son .Was Presented to
Her When He Was Babe
Mayor Schmitz Says Police
' Commissioner Driiikliouse
Is Guiltless of Wrong
CHARGES FAIL
TO FIND FAVOR
STRAIGHT STORY
TOLD BY BALES
ALLEGED MOTHER
DENIES CHILD
FATHER SPEAKS
FOR HIS SON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY; v OCTOBER 20, 1904.
16
HAIiE'S. ¦¦¦'. | ... ' HAIJgS. | HAIiE'S. - >
Iiraterestlinig' at Hsile 9 s T©»Day
To-Morrow—Last Day t , , W-^ji^* i k ' : " 'n n 1 » Jhr-rr-rn
We. Will Fit Any Garment .(^(3(30.: rTyTjWn^jilH^ [ P ' Ijjn^ 'oi|;|
noon, so as to ..be able to finish "**
every order they take before their _T* •• T> tf »-• ¦' t -* m -« r
Jgagement ends: Saturday nights-. 01116 EnaiTieled WaFC
; f ._ >»• 9 ! Triple coated enameled ware, in blue and white, for less'
. V5 C/ClltS tlian you w o«ld ordinarily pay for the single coated gray kind.
Stands for to different styles of ' ,.\ A n ? *?**? ? iece P erfect - It? s on sale first time to-day. Splen- g
IT + • a m • + triple coated blue enameled ware," pure white oh: the inside.
Uiurimmed Mats It's a midweek opportunity. Let the prices tell the unusualness
•9. ut * or the first time in the of the values and how we have worked to brin** vou crreater ad-
millinery store to-day. Splendid vantages \
shapes of the best mohair felt, rv- , ~«
¦vehFef- In Wa^h^ ?^ t.' 1(> DlSh P 3n » ¦S.^SaW^iK 8 ?S'
velvet, in black, brown,, cham- It's a 12-quart one: worth 65c; triple cooklnjr all kinds of cereals,
pagne, navy, gray, oxford and coated at less than you will pay for Barlra Sance Pots 45c; holds 4/
red. i th0 slnK 1 ® coated. quarts; has two side handles.
'Foundations for splendid winter Tpa rCpttlp at l^r ¦ MU* Pans 20c; 4-quart size.
flats. They're in every swell shaoe IN.eilie at /DC Puddlngr Pans 18c; 3-quart size.
and don't need much trimming. A No. 7 size, worth regularly $1.25; „„?*?" pan .f 22c; , llp P ed , : « holds ZVt
It's an occasion made possible by triple coated. quarts; worth regularly 33c.
taking all the maker had when he r. i- c • , -i« Sanca Pan« 50o; 4-quart size.
wanted to sell them most I? 8 a Berlin SaUCepan at 38C Freserrimr Kettles 85c; 3-quart size.
price less than many wholesalers HnIrt , » n ,, ar **- *tMm w Basttas; Spoons lie; 18-lnch ones. -
can buy them for- vou will «har« Holds 3 quarts, triple coated; has Colanders 35c; large size.
to-day 05c co l eT ? lde handles. Dippers 23c; worth 35c; 1-quartones.
A * j^V. - Spap Blihes 18c; worth 35c; with Berlin Sauce Pan 70c; 8-quart size.
•_ . • ~ : — O drainer. . with cover and Ions side handle.
Time to Buy Underwear lsl^ h^'^ IOc
; And Hale's the Place to Buy Best and Save a^ t Mt£g^$iR
For this is the fourth day of the first week of the underwear to b " n g you to see these thou-
season. Some lines have alreadv been exhausted. New lines are sand ? o£ 2 thcr Chr »stmas dolls that
to thejront to-day. It's an opportune time for every man, woman t7efc"t HaSe^^More^oT thS
and child to get their heavier underwear now. But see how to-day than there will be to-mor-
much more it means in the store than we can tell you here. Tust' SLY' ,- .
a lii'nt ic tn nnV« J This one at 10c Is an lndestructlbl«
a Hint as. to prices. doll. It can't be broken. Pretty wis.
Men's Garments at 45c; fleece lined, in camel's hair color only, with covered curls tied with bows of ribbon. 25o
seams. At 6214c garment, wool mixed underwear; winter weight. • • v doU for 10o «
89c aarments for women, fleece lined; at 60c, garments that were 75c; ribbed Here's a
non-shrinking: at 75c, plain sanitary natural wool underwear; non-shrlnk- ?0-Inrh Hnli flt < I HO
ing; just three values from dozens. *- w 1'lLll UUll at CM.UU
At SOc, Garments for children; natural gray, ribbed, non-shrinking; at 85c, Jt' s a beauty. Wooden arms and le?s.
boys' union suits; necce-llned cotton. . papier mache body, ball and socket
— - — ¦ — — Joints: the kind you can move into
Take, a Free Lesson in Cake- Baking O- -o £l m j? st ?il y P° si "? n ; pretty bisque
n/wnitcMVir ¦ head, with eyes that open and close;
Downstairs _ woven wig. 30-inch doU at $1.00.
, An experienced cake-baker is demon- A /.SC The values are all unusual. Women
tkfm g olds betUrne550f VanDeUSen CMrV A V 7 O "»» "^ S» JSTSSg $*?££
cake molds. Odds and Ends Silver *°«. The third floor is takm s on »
Christmas air,
jB^^^p&£r^-—T--^*~^ to-day at 35c. It's an oppor- ffl ~L^l — -*?* 3^
i.T*2S: tumty. « \--^Z£S££J*2££!&^
Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F. Q Market Street> Ncar s - xth< g/p/
ADVERTISEMEyTS.
33 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MASXIT.
TE1.EPHO3TE MAIIT 5533.
HO BXASCB STOKES.
O«nuioe bargains this weak.
Flrst-claes senric« at all times.
Right soodi and right prices.
Thursday, Fridaj and Saturday Specials.
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square -37 %c
Honey Lake. Always satisfactory.
RANCH EGGS, per dozen 45c
The very best quality.
MINNESOTA EGGS, per dozen .... 27#c
Chirardelli's Ground Chocolate. can.25c
Rear. 80c. .
COMB HONEY. 2 for ~25e
Rtg. 20c ea. "Water white; nothing fiaer.
GERUEA. per pkg 20c
.Reg. 23c. S perry's celebrated cereal.
Corn me at. yellow or white. 10-lb sk.25c
¦ Res'. 36c Fresh from tio mill.
ISLAND RICE, par Ib Se
Reg. 7c. Lsrtje whit* kernel*.
Prunes, fresh Santa Clara stock, lb...3c
TABLE RAISINS. 3 lbs for- ....... .25c
Reg. 12 lb. London layers.
FRESH SARDINES, per can 10c
Rer. X5e.
The popular Albert- Roche brand.
FLAVORING EXTRACTS. 4-oz bot. . . 20c
Reg. 23c. Vanilla. Lemon. Almond,
Strawberry, Raspberry, Orange. i
METTWURST. per lb 30c
¦ Reg 40c. Extra German Sauaag«.
PRESS MA TCHES, 7 pkgs for 25a
Reg. 8c pkg.
0 K BOURBON AND FINE OLD R YE... \
per bot 75c. gal S3. 00
- Reg. $1 and $4. Pure and wholesome. |
FRENCH COGNAC, per bot. . S1.1S
Reg.' $1.50. Evereste, Dvipont * Co.
French and Italian Vermouth, per bot-5Oc
o,» 60c.
ANGELICA AND MUSCA TEL |
per bot 25c, per gal $1.00
Reg. 35c and $1.5O. The ladles' delight;
jPj V * rm Hb»»W "^^aJBi j
Constipation and many other
infantile disorders are the re-]
suits of improper feeding. v Givq
. your baby Mellin's Food and sea how
quickly infantile troubles disappear.
Send for our book "The Care &
."• Feeding of Infants" and we will send
¦ it with a sample of Mellin's Food
: free of, charge.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
A SHARKS BROS.
SI.50 Muslin Petticoats
89c
A choice lot of White Petticoats, deep
'flounce, trimmed with -2 row* of Torchon
I^ace Insertion and 2 rows of Clustered
Tucks; flnlshed with ruffle of Torchon
Lace. An extra deep dust ruffle. -
, . " A - serrlceable . lot* of All-Wool Oxford
"Waists to be had in all the leading: au-
tumn stripe effects :cntceful. full sleeves;
trimmed with military buttons; all sizes.
*4.00 r
¦ Run About Skirt, like cut, i made '. with
full 5 plaited bottom, panel ; effect. ¦ A sep-
.- iceable skirt "for. every-day •" wear.
Send in your name and wall mall free
our Fall and Winter Mail Order. Book.
MffMBWi
-'The Home ctfSHonest Values
1220-1224 MARKETiSTREETl
_ r ¦¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
yidamsi
IRISH
MOSS
COUCH
BALSAM
. PRESCRIBED BT THE BEST
PHYSICIANS FOR . ,
".1 ,"'.*' ¦'• •' • * ¦
Cosrfcs, Ccl£*. Hoarseness.' Bron-
chitis. Croup , in Children. ' > and ' -
All Throat and Suns* Troubles
Try • bottle to-day: don't wait till the
doctor says "COZTSTCCFTZOW."
35c: 600 AT ALX. DBUGGZSTS .
t CURES IN A DAY