The Sunday Call MagazinenowTare we coming on in the political
field?" ,. £ ¦ ....... - .
VWe are Tdoihg business there, and
you have "the Argus to thank for it.
You— or your, idea, I should say — has a
respectable following all over the
State now; 'as It didn't have until we
began to leg. for it."
I Again Kent . acquiesced, making no
mention of sundry journeys . he had
made for the sole purpose of enlisting
other editors, or of the open house
Miss Van "Brock -was keeping for out
of-town- newspaper men visiting the
capital.
"Moreover, we've served your turn
in the Transwestern affair," Hildreth
went on. "Public interest is on the qui
viva for new developments in that. By
the .way, has the capitol gang any no
tion of your part in all this upstlr
rlng?"
Kent" smiled . and handed the editor
an open letter. . It was from Receiver
Guilford. The post of general counsel
for the Transwestern was vacant, and
the'. letter was a formal tender of the
office to the ''Hon. David Kent."
,"H'm," said the editor. "I don't un
derstand that a little bit."
• "if ¦ they could get you to accept a
general agency . In Central Africa or
New Zealand, or some other antipodean
place where you'd be safely out of the
way, it. would be evident enough. But
here they, are proposing to take you
right into the heart of things."
Kent got a match out of the editor's
desk and relighted his cigar.
'.'You've got brain-fag to-night, Hil
dreth. It's a bribe, pure and simple.
They argue that it is merely a matter
of dollars and cents to me, as it would
be to one of. them; and they propose
.to retain me Just as they would any;
other attorney whose opposition they
might want to get rid of. Don't you
see?"
"Sure. I was thinking up the wrong
spout.' HaVe you replied to the ma
jor? 1 , 1 • . ¦ ¦
. "Yes. I told him my. present en
gagements preclude the possibility of
considering his offer; much to my re
gret."
"Did you. say that? You're a cold
plucked One, Kent, and I'm coming -to
admire you." But now is the time for
you to begin to look out. They have
spotted you, and their attempt to buy
you has failed/ I don't know how
deeply you have gone into Bucks' tin
kering with the Universal people, but
if you are In the way of getting the
grip you spoke of— as this letter seems
to indicate — you want to be careful."
Kent promised and went his way.
One of his saving graces was the abil
ity to hold his tongue, even In a confi
dential talk with as good a friend as
Hlldfeth. As for example: he had let
the suggestion of watching the Sec
retary of, State's office come as a new
thing from the editor, whereas In fact
it was one of the earliest measures he
had taken. > <
And on that road he had traveled
far, thanks to a keen wit. to Portia
Van Brock's incessant promptings, and
to the help of the leaky clerk In Hen
dricks'; oflice: . so far. indeed. . that he
had found : the "stool pigeon" oil com
pany,to '¦ which Hildreth's hint, had
polnted-T-a company composed, with a
single. exception, of men of "straw,"
the, exception being the man Rumford.
whose conferences with • the Governor
and ¦ the Attorney-General had -aroused
his 1 suspicions. *.?¦"-
It was. about this time that Hunni
cott*. reDprted the sale of the ; Gastori
lots at a rather fancy cash figure, and
the money came in good play.
"Two. things remain to* be proved."
said ; Portia: in- one of their " many con
nlngs of-; the intricate course: "two
things that' must be proved before you
can .openly: that Rumford Is
really, representing the Universal Oil
Company;- and that he Is bribing the
junta to -let the Universal Incorporate
under the mask of his .'straw* company.
Nqw ; Is ' the time when you "cannot af-
Kent could no longer say truthfully
that It was, and he did not lie about it.
"No, it's purely personal, I guess. I
need to get a grip j on Bucks and I
mean to do it." *
Hildreth laughed.
"And having got it, you'll telephone
me to let up— as you did in the House
bill 29 fiasco. Where do we i come. In?"
"No; you shall come in on the ground
floor, this time: though I may ask you
to hold your \ hand until , I have used
my. leverage. And if you'll go into it
to stay, you sha'n't- be alone.: Giving
the Argus precedence in ; any item of
news, I'll engage to 'have every other
opposition editor in the State ready to
back you/! -.; r^".;;' ' ¦-¦¦ : 'V* ; \, .-.-¦;¦. ",'¦
"Gad!: you're growing, Kent. .. Do you
mean to down . the Bucks , crowd defi
nitely?"; demanded ; the • editor,"--:. who
stammered a -little under excitable
provocation. "Bigger \ men than "r : you
have tried-it— and failed//., ; v
1 ".But no one'of them with, half my
obstinacy, Hildreth. • It ¦ can ] be done,
and I am going to do lt.LV
: > The night editor, laughed again. < ' '. :>,
"If you can show that gang up; Kent.
nothing In .' this "* State will • be too good
foriyou.". '~. ¦ ¦ ¦' >•¦ ¦¦' '..,¦: \ \-7;' ¦
* ;~T.ve got It to do," said Kent. '/After
ward,v" perhaps :i I'll '; come - around for
some of the" good things. ,u I • am not : In
this * for ; health •. or ; ; pleasure. '. Can ' I
count on . you > : after - the mud-slinging
begins?".. ¦:;•". ' - .--. , •'.¦v-.-.'- : '>\i-,-' J^i ¦¦¦" : .* tl
;« Hildreth reflected further, disregard
ing: the foreman's reproachful calls 'for
copy.;;.. ;*• ¦. ,; .¦..;;/-. ¦ '&-'£&;
.j "I'll v go you/; he said at last; '.'and : I'll
undertake to swing I the I chief j into > line.
But I am * going to i disagree with you
flat^on^th.e project ;of,a*sudden v expose.
Right ar wrong,. Bucks has pup-popular
sentiment on^ his.: slde^'Take ; the .Trans
tWestern \ territory,' f or - examDle : 5 at * the'
present,':; speaking - -these grafters— or
their 1 man < Gull ford ;l It's ! the iame-TOwn
those people : down there ¦ bodyj and soul.
You , couldn't pry Bucks ; out :of ; their
affections with a " crowbar — suddenly, I
"I know," Kent admitted. "But it
isn't impossible; it has got to be pos
sible."" ...
The night editor sat back in his chair
and chewed his cigar reflectively. Sud
denly he asked: . •
"What's your • object, Kent? It
isn't* purely ,prq bono publico, ; I take
sald^tne editor, wiien Kent naa guard
edly' outlined some portion "of his plan.
."We are on your side of the fence, and
have beenVver since Bucks was sprung
as a j candidate on the convention.
But you've no case. Of course, it's an
open secret that the Universal . people
are trying to break through the fence
of the new law and establish .them
selves • in the Belmount field without
losing their identity or any of their
monopplistic privileges. ¦. And it is
equally a matter of course to some of
U3 that the Bucks ring will sell the
State out if the price Is right. But to
Implicate Bucks and the capitol gang
in printable shape is quite anotther
matter.'!"
"I'd like to give that mind • a stunt
on the , Argus," said the editor. ¦ "But
about the. Belmount. mix-up: you- will
give us a- stickful now and then as" we
go along, if you unearth anything that
the public would like to read?"
"Certainly; any and every thing that
won't tend to interfere with my little
Intermediate scheme. As I have inti
mated, I must bring Bucks to terms on
my own. account^ before I turn him
over to. you and the people of the State.
But I mean to.be in on that, too." V
Hildreth wagged his head dubiously.
"I may be overcautious, and I dftn't
want to seem to scare you out, Kent.
You j ought" to; know your man better
than I do— better, than any of ,us; - but
if I had your job I believe I should
want to travel with a"bodyguard. I do,
for a fact." ...
David Kent's laugh came easily.
Fear, the fear of man; was not among
his weaknesses. : , .:
, "I am - taking, all the, chances," he
eaid; and- so the conference ended.
Two days later, the. "editorial" cam
paign .was . opened -by an editorial in
the Argus setting, forth' some hitherto
unpublished 'matter concerning. :the
manner in which the Trans western had
been placed in the' hands of a receiver.
In its next issue the paper named the
receivership after Its true . author,
showing by a list of the officials that
the, road T , under Major .Gullford' had
been made a hospital for Bucks politi
cians; and hinting pointedly, that it was
to be wrecked for the benefit of a stock--
Jobbing syndicate of Eastern capital
ists: v. I;, ¦.':•- . •¦ ¦ '.•'¦'
Having thus reawakened public In
terest In the Transwestern affair, Hil
dreth ', sounded • a * new note '. of alarm
pitched upon the efforts of the Univer
sal Oil i Company -'. to ¦ establish • itself in
the ;' Belmount ' oil region ; a cry . which
was promptly taken up by^other State
editors/ This editorial . was' followed
closely by- others , in the same, strain,
and at. the end of a fortnight Kent was
fain to call a halt... ..v.j .. ,
"Not "too fast. Hildreth/; -he cau
tioned,} dropping into the editor's; den
one :nIghtT: r > "You: are;* doing;; mighty
good * work, but you are i making- It ; ln
nltely, harder, for me^drlvlngithe game
to deeper,: cover. v One of ; my, men had
a clew: Bucks and Meigs were holding
conferences .with;a;man.from';the.•Bel
mont * field - whose' record > runs ' back to
; New iYork; ; I But { they « have I taken - the
alarm I and "threwnlus: off .the" track."
?-.~ "The Sectetary * of State's office is the
place'youiwant' to '.watch,"- said Hil
dreth. ;. ¦ "/'New; oil companies i are;incor
porating ! every,? day. ¦ ; Pretty soon one
of ; these .will.swallowiup' all, the others;'
that « one * will ; be ; the •:. under
another S name,"*;* andV In . its application
for a charter.* you'll find - askings , big
I enough - to> cover g all ,» the frights : and
privileges : of ; ttie : original • monopoly."
;i'-"Thatfi Is >a' ' good- idea/! t said ~ Kent,
:,who • already i had ' a^ clerk t in i the Secre
tary of State's' office in his pay. "But
"No,", said Kent,"- briefly. ; "There is
a keener mind than mine behind It—
and behind this oil field business, as
well." . . " ? • •
5 "I concede that, much," said ". Kent.
'And you may., as well begin ¦ on ;this
same Transwestenr deal"— wherewith
he pieced , together the inferences
which pointed to the- stock-smashing
project behind the receivership. -:
1 VDon't use too much of it," he added.
In- conclusion. > '.It is all inference and
deduction as yet, - as I say. ' But you
will admit it's plausible."
¦The editor was" sitting far ;back in
his ' chair again, • chewing absently . on
the extinct cigar.- . :
"Kent, did you fuf-flgure all that out
by yourself?" ¦•
mean. We'll have ' to work up to it
gradually; educate ' the * people i as .we
go along." • . . :, . -. .
You say Mr. Melgs is obstinate and the
Governor Is likely to prove still* more
obstinate. Have you thought of any
way of softening them?"
"You know I haven't, It's a stark
impossibility from my point of view."
"Nothing is impossible; it is always
a question of "ways . and means.".- Then,
suddenly: "Have you beeri* paying any
attention to. the development >of . • the*
Belmont oil field?" K'*~$ '•• ¦¦',"¦¦
"Enough to know that It 'Av"ei' big
thing; the biggest since the: Peprisyl
vania discoveries, according; to all ac
counts." *; •
"And the people of the State are en
thusiastic about it, thinking thatnow
the long tyranny of the oil monopoly
will be broken?" .
"That is the way most of the news
papers talk, and there seems to ba
some little ground for it, granting the
powers of the new law." -
She laid the tips of her fingers on
his arm and knotted the thread of sug
gestion in a single* sentence. i
"In the present state of affairs— with
the People's party as yet on trial,, and
the public mind ready ttt take fire at
the merest hint of a foreign capitalis
tic monopoly in the State— tell me what
would happen;to the man who would
let the Universal Oil Company, into
the Belmorit field in defiance of the
new trust and corporation-: law?" ;
"By Jove!" Kent exclaimed, sitting
up as if the shapely hand had given
him a buffet. "It would ruin him polit
ically, world withoutend! Tell •" me; is
Bucks going to do that?"
She laughed softly.
"That is for you to find out/ Mr.
David Kent; not ...by.' hearsay,* -but in
good, solid terms of fact that, will . ap
peal to a level-headed, conservative
newspaper editor like— well,". like" Mr.
Hildreth of the Argus,, let us say.
Are you big enough to do It?"
"I am desperate enough to try/' was
the slow-spoken answer.
"And , when you have the weapon In
your hands; when you have found the
sword and sharpened It?" .. .
"Then I can go to his Excellency, and
tell him what will. happen If he doesn't
Instruct his Attorney-General. In the
quo warranto affair." :
"That will .probably suffice ; to save
your railroad— and Miss Brentwood's
marriage portion. But after, David;
what will you do afterward?" r. * " ¦ .
'.'Til: go; on \ fighting the devil with
fire until I have Jburned; him out If
this is to.be a government of dictators,
I can be one of them, too." •' , : .
She clapped : her bands * enthusiasti
cally; . ... .¦ ' ..' ~ : . . ¦-...•.,.. ; ;-¦¦¦ -, ;¦.
.',*There , spoke ' the man David ; Kent;
the man I i have been try in g to discover
deep down under the rubbish of t ill
temper and hesitancy and— yes,' I . will
say it — of sentiment. Have 'you learned
your; lesson, David mine ?*V_>v. vU V
It was c mark of another change In
him . that he rose . and i stood -' over: her,
and that , his ; voice i. was "* cool ' and 1 dis
passionate when he said: ' . v- .-, :»
"If I have, it is ; because , I have you
for " an ¦ Inspired text-book, Portia;,
dear." \ v,
. CBAPTER XVI. ¦
.*¦-. . Sharpening the ; Sword. ]
In the beginning of ,thei new ; cam- 4
. paighTdf ; InyestlgatlonV ; David ,7 Kent
' wisely 'discounted ;the t help^ of paid | pro-J
, f esslonal sples^-or , rather he f. deferred
it to a - later Tstage-^by .: taking counsel '
with .Jeffrey Hildreth,^ night .editor • of
the 'Argus. -^ Here,^if_ any where/fpracti^
cal-help.was tOjbe^hlidj^dJthe^tendeiv
of ' . It was ; cheerfully/- hearty f andCen- "
thusiasticv .'..::'. ' • :
"Most ; assuredly you may. depend on
the^Argus/ hdrse. foot;' and s artillery,',' 1
Her words fired him curiously. He
recalled the little thrill of inspiration
which a somewhat similar appeal from
Elinor had once 'given him, and tried
to compare the two sensations. There
was no comparison. The one was a
call to a moral .victory; the other to
material success/ None the less, he
decided that the present was the more
potent spell, perhaps only because It
was the present.. .
"Try me." he said . impulsively.
"If I do f. . . David, no man can
serve thro masters — or two mistresses.
If I do, will you agree to put the senti
mental affair; resolutely Mn the back
ground?"
He took his head in his hands and
was a long minute making up his mind.
But the refusal was blunt enough
when It came. .^%&8&pRBpB8BB .
"No; at least not until they are mar
ried." .
It would have ; taken a keener/ dis
cernment than Kent's or any man's to
have fathomed : the prompting of '.her
laugh. ' ¦ ¦'¦_' '
"I was only.- trying, you,", she said.
"Perhaps If you had saifl yea I should
have deserted you ;¦ and : gone over to
the other side." ';>;. ' '. *
. He got up • and went, td sit beside her
on the pillowed j divan.
..'.'Don't try me again, please— not that
way.' I.amonly a man." ' ' -V.
"I make no promises— not .even : good
ones," /she retorted. /.And" ; then:
"Would you like to have your, quo war
ranto- blind alley turned 5 into a thor
oughfare?" ."- .. .,--.. WiU':' " .- ..,-..
" "I believe you cah.do.it if .'you try,"
he admitted, brightening a little.
\"Maybe ; I; can: or "rather, * maybe I
can put you in the way of . doing It.
He told the simple truth, as who
could help, with Portia's eyes demand
ing it
"It was that at first, I'll admit It
But latterly—" . •
"Latterly you have bsgun to think
larger things?" She 'looked away from
him, and her next word seemed to be
patr of an unspoken thought. "I have
been wondering If you are great
enough, David."
He shook his head despondently.
"Haven't I Just been, showing you
that I am nof?"
"You have been showing me that you
cannot always outplan the other per
son. That is a lack, but it Is not fatal.
Are you great enough to run fast and
far,, when It is a stralght-away race
depending only upon mere' man
strength and Indomitable determina
tion?"
he said he would take the matter un
der advisement: I knew that meant a*
consultation with Bucks. Then I put
the whip on; told him a few things I
know, and let -him Imagine a lot more;
but it was no good. He was as
smooth as oil, admitting nothing, deny
ing nothing. And what grinds me
worst Is that I let him put me in fault;
gave him a chance to show conclusive
ly how absurd it was for me to expect
him to take up a question of such mag
nitude on the spur of the moment."
"Of course," she said sympathetical
ly. "I knew they would find a way.
What are you doing?"
Kent laughed In spite of his sore
amour-propre.
"At this present moment I am doing
precisely what you said I should; un
loading my woes upon you."
"Oh. but I didn't say that. • I said
you would come to me for help. Have
you?"
"I'd say yes, If I didn't know so well
just what I am up against."
Miss Van Brock laughed unfeelingly.
"Is it a man's weakness to fight bet
ter In the dark?"
"It is a man's common sense to know
when he is knocked out," he retorted.
She held him with her eyes while she
said:
"Tell me . what you want to accom
plish, David: at the end of the ends, I
mean. Is it only that you wish to
save Miss Brentwood's little marriage
portion?" *
"And you couldn't?" she said.
'•'Not in a thousand years. At . first
"X don't mind your saying 'I told you
so'." he fumed.' . "It's the fact that I
didn't have sense enough to see what
an easy, game I was dealing them. - ' It
didn't take Melgs five minutes' to shut
me off." v ".",-'¦ L , '¦;
'Tell me about it," she said; and he
did it crisply. .
"The ,quo warranto inquiry is Insti
tuted }n the nfme of the State, or
rather* the proceedings ¦ are brought • by
fome #etJ!bn with . the approval of the
Governor 'or the Attorney-General, 'one
cr both. • I took to-day for' obtaining
this a pprtrval because *I knew Bucks
was out of town and I thought I could
bully Medgs.2f!!?MBpDIBflilBBHflHSfl|
At the moment of this saying— it was
between ten and eleven o'clock at night
David 'Kent's wrath-fire was far from
needing an additional stoking. Once
more Miss Van Brock had given proof
of her prophetic gift, and Kent had
been moodily filling details of th.e pic
ture drawn by her woman's intuition.
He had gone late to the house in Ala
meda square, knowing that Portia had
dinner guests. And it was Imperative
that he should have her to himself.
"You needn't tell me * anything but
the manner of its doing," she was say
ing- "I knew they, would find a way
to stop you— ©t make tone. And you
needn't be spiteful at me," she added,
when Kent gripped the arms of his
chair. ¦ ¦•*¦' ; --'-' tiggS
The onlooker leaned from his window
to see what became of the tangle of
horses and autocar precipitated by the
eudden stop of the tally-ho. -Mirage ef
fects are common on the*vrestern plains
and if Ormsby had not Deen familiar
with them he might have marveled at
the striking example afforded by the
backward look. In the rapidly increas
ing perspective the six horses of the
tally-ho were suddenly multiplied into
a. troop and where the station us?nt
had stood on the platform there seemed
to be a dozen gesticulating figures fad
ing into indistinctness as the fast train
swept on its way eastward.
The clubman saw no more of the
junketing party' that nigat. Once when
the train stopped to cut out the din
ing-car and he had stepped down for
a breath of fresh air on the station
platform, he ' noticed that the private
car was brilliantly lighted and that the
curtains and window shades were
closely drawn. Also he heard the pop
ping, of bottle corks and the clink of
glass, betokening that i the Governor's
party was still celebrating- its success
ful, race for the train.- Singularly
enough Ormsby's reflections concerned
themselves chiefly with the small dis
honesty. . .
"I suppose It all goes Into the receiv
er's.expense account and the railroad
pays for it/! he said to himself. "So
and so much for an inspection trip to
Megilp and return. I must tell -Kent
About it. It will, put another shovel
ful of coal into . bis furnace — not that
he is especially needing it."-
Ormsby had settled back into the
coiner of his section when he heard
the splitting explosions of the automo
bile and «the crash of hoofs and iron
tired wheels on the sharp gravel. He
looked out again and was in time to
see the finish of the race. Up the
road from the westward came the six
horse tally-ho, the horses galloping in
the traces and the automobile strain
ing in the lead at the end of an im
provised tow-line. In a' twinkling the
coach was abreast of the private car,
tha transfer of passengers was ef
fected, and Ormsby was near enough
at his onlooking window to remark
several things; that there was pell
mell haste and suppressed excitement;
that the Governor was the coolest man
in the group and that the receiver had
to be helped across from the coach
to the car. Then the train moved out,
gathering speed with each added wheel
turn. - ¦ •
Ormsby put his head out of the win
dow and saw that the private car was
to be taken on; remarked also that the
thing was done with the utmost ceje
rity. Once out on the main line with
car Naught-seven co-upled in, the train
was backed swiftly down to the sta
tion and the small mystery of hurry
ings was sufficiently solved. The Go\"
ernor and his party were returning,
and they did not wish to miss connec
tions.
Curiosity is said to be peculiarly a
foible feminine. If is not. .as every
one knows. But of the major mascu
line allotment, Ormsby the masterful
had rath«r less than his due share.
He saw the chauffeur turn his car in
the length of it and send it spinning
down the road and across the line into
the adjoining State; heard the mel
low whistle of the incoming train ana
saw the station man nervously setting
his stop signal; ail with no more than
a mild desire to- know the reason
for so much excitement and haste — a
desire which was content to wait on
the explanation .of events.
The exolanation. such as it was. did
not linger. The heavy train thundered
in from the west; stopped barely long
enough to allow the single passenger
i" swing up the steps of the Pullman;
and went on again to stop a second
time with a jerk when it had passed
the side-track switch. ••
Copyright by Bobbs-Merriir Co.
THIS left the listener out of It
completely and Ormsby strolled
out to the platform, wondering
what had happened and where
It had happened. He glanced up at
the telephone wires; two of them ran
up ths graveled' driveway toward
Breeze land Inn: the poles of the other
two sentineled the road to the west
down which the tally-ho had driven in
the early morning.
In the reflective instant the tele
graph ODcrator dashed out of his bay
window retreat and ran ud the track
to the private car. In a few minutes
he was back again,, holding an excited
conference with, the chauffeur of the
inn automobile, who was waiting to
see if the flyer should bring him any
fares for the hotel.
"Lord Bacon said that, didn't he?—
about men marrying^ If he were alive
now he. wouldn't need to say it. Men
don't have to be discouraged."
"Don't they?" said Kent. '„*/:>.
/"No, Indeed: the- are too utterly
selfish for any matrimonial use. as It is.
No, don't argue with me. please. I'm
fixed — irrevocably fixed." /.'
Elinor .overtook the runaway conver
sation and drove it back into the path
of her own choosing.
•/But 'I 'do think you owe It to your
self to be more careful in your publio
utterances." she insisted. "If these
men on the other side are only half as
unt>rlncipled as your accusations make
""What does a man — a real man— care
for that?" This from the /depths of
the hammock.
"I, at least, can afford to be care
less." said Kent . "I am not running
for office, and I have nothing to lose,
politically or otherwise.**
"Can any man say that truthfully V
Elinor queried. " t
"I think I can. I have given no>
hostages to fortune."
Penelope lifted the challenge proxnpt-
"I am glad you won for the league,
of course; everybody must be glad of
that," she said. "But I hope the Argus
didn't report your speeches correctly.
If it did, you have made a host of bit
ter enemies."
On the porch of the Brentwood apart
ment house David Kent was answering
that question measurably well for him
self. With the striking of the City Hall
clock at nine Mrs. Brentwood had com
plained of the glare of. the electrio
crossing lamp and had gone in. leaving
the caller with Penelope In the ham
mock on one side of ¦ him and Elinor
In a basket chair on the other.
Their talk had been of the lats muni
cipal struggle, and of Kent's part In
It; and. like Miss Van Brock, Penelope
was applausive. But Elinor's congrat
ulations were tempered with depreca
tion.
"I said I was willing to h»Ip Kiat
If you bracket yourself with him. I am
more than willing. But I am rather
new at the game. You will have to tell
me the moves."
"We are only hi the opening/* she
said, continuing the figure. "You will
learn as you go along. : By and by you
will have to spend money; but Just
now the need Is for a cool head to
keep our young firebrand out of the
personalities. Where is he to-night?"
Ormsby's smile was a grin.
"I left him at 124 Tejon av«nue half
an hour ago. Do you think he is likely
to get Into trouble there?"
"There was no confidence needed,**
she retorted. . "I have ' eyes; and, to
us3 one of your own pet phrases, I wu
not born yesterday. ; But let that cot
you are willing to help us?"
Figuratively speaking. Portia stood
in the wings and applauded.. Also,
she saw that her protege had reached
the point where he needed grooming: for
whatever race lay before him. ; Hence,
her urgings, which made a triumvirate
out of the council of two, with Brookes
Onnsby as the third member.
"You understand, I'm not Interested
a little bit In the- merits of the case,"
said the newly elected chairman. In
his first official interview with : Miss
Van Brock. "So far as the Internal
politics of this particularly wild and
woolly State are concerned. I*m neither
in them nor of them. But I am willing
to do what I can for Kent."
- "Owing him a good turn?" said Per*
tla, with malice aforethought.
Ormsby*s laugh was an Englishman's
deep-chested haw-haw.
"So he has been making: yon his con
fidante in that, too, has her"
Into this struggle, as giving him the
chance to front the enemy in a fair
field. David Kent flung himself with
all the ardor of a born fighter. Mass
meetings were held, with Kent as
spokesman for the league, and the out
come was a decency triumph which
brought Kent's name into grateful
public prominence. Hildreth played an
able second, and by the time the ob
noxious ordinance had been safely
tabled, Kent had a semi- political fol
lowing which was all his own. .Men
who had hitherto known htm only as
a corporation lawyer began to proph
esy large things of the fiery young ad
vocate, whose arguments were as
sound and convincing as his Invective
was keen and merciless.
The Conspirator*.
It was chiefly due to Portia's urging*
that Kent took Ormsby into his confi
dence when the campaign was fairly
opened. She put it diplomatically on
the ground of charity to an exiled
millionaire, temporarily out of a job;
but her real reason went deeper. From
its Inception as a one-man fight against
political chicanery In high places; tha
criticism of the Bucks formula was be
ginning to shape itself in a readjust
ment of party lines in the field of State
politics; and Miss Van Brock, whose
designs upon Kent's future ran far in
advance of her admissions to him, was
anxiously casting about for a mana
gerial promoter.
A little practice-play in municipal
politics made the need apparent. It
came in the midst of. things, basing it
self upon the year-gone trlunrph of
agrarianism in the State. In the up
heaval, the capital city had partici
pated to the extent of electing a ma
jority of tiie Aldermen on the People's
party ticket; and before long It devel
oped that a majority of this alder
manic majority could be counted
among the spoilsmen— was in fact a
creature of the larger ring.
Late in the summer an ordinance
was proposed by the terms of which a
single corporation was to be given a
franchise granting a complete monop
oly of the streets for gas and water
maind* and transit rights of way.
Thereupon a bitter struggle ensued.
Party lines were obliterated, and men
who shunned the primaries and other
wise shirked their political ¦ duties
raised the cry of corruption, and a
Civic League was formed to fight the
ring.
CHAPTER XVII.
T IIIS Is the third Installment
of "The Grafters," by
" I Francis Lynde. which be-
S»u in the Sunday Call on pc
lobcrO. Following "The Graf t
ers" there will be published
complete ( i'.i one installment
"The Second Mrs. Jim," by
Stephen Conrad, a book sell
ins at the book stores for
SJ 50. In presenting a com
plete popular novel in one in
stallment for the price of, 5
cents i he Sunday Call is in this
instance taking one step fur
ther in its original and highly
successful innovation of pre
senting popular novels to its
readers at a price which would
scarcely pay for the ink used
in the printing.
ford, to be economical. Have you
money V T —
"^ Since it was the day after the Hunni
cott remittance, Kent could answer yes
with & good conscience.
"Then spend it." she said; and h»
did spend it like a millionaire, lying
awake nights to devise new ways of
employing it.
And for the abutments of the arch of
proof the money-spending sufficed, By
dint of a warm and somewhat co3tly
wire Investigation of Rumford's ante
cedents, Kent succeeded in placing the
Belmount promoter unquestionably as
one of the trusted lieutenants of tha
Universal; and the leaky clerk In ths
Secretary of State's office gave the
text of the application for the "straw"
company charter, showing that the
powers asked for were as despotic as
the great monopoly could desire.
But for the keystone of the arch.
the criminal Implication of the plot
ters themselves, he was indebted to a
fit of ill-considered anger and to a
chapter of accidents.
"THE SAN-FRANC1SCO SUNDAY
THE GRAFTERS'.'I ; haven't -fsus-sald any thing. '." The
stuff, trickled, in) by; Associated , wir*e;at
, the Mast "¦: minuter? and we V had i to; cut ;
and ' slash ; for 'Space" and : run) It - pretty
much i as ' ltrcame— -the ;* bareTstory.'-'-; , . ¦
>'¦¦"; ;'All',iight ; ?. that's ?better.3 Now ' sup
pose ;< you ? hint ; darkly. i that^ only :t half
of i the j truth j has: come; out ;fthatf more;
'—and ¦* more -"j startllng-^developments i
may' bel safely-predicted|lnUhe rimme-'
dlate,.heiice7* ? ' Hit >ltSup"'hard "toward:
the ¦ capitol,\ and , "don't ' be afraid of
; libeling 'anybody." j
'; But Kent only laughed at him.. Now
that the "strain i was in some measure
relaxed he; could. stand any. amount of
abuse .from so good a friend "as the
night? editor. , . , - :v •
. * "Turn fori : 4 the; hot .water If you /want
to^ ¦" : an d / if it ~ will', relieve X the * pres
sure.' I know. about how, you feel; and
I'd ; be { as ; sore / as you ; are ; if 1 1 ¦ didn't
know;, that i I ' am , going .to m ake it t up
to . youijali little 1 later on. v:, But vabbut
this r oli:blaze. arid' toVmorrow's-^r :to
day'&?—issue' 6 f , the Argus." 1 ;" I ; hope you
haven't sald:too much." 1 ."-•" ; • ' .;- ; -.
wararobe in tne bedroom, .iwiienjr.he
came back he said: "Hildreth, -S'ou
ha've taken me ' at - my word i thus far
and you ? haven't -had occasion to ¦ call
me either; a. knave or a foolJVDo'it a
little longer and. I'll put you in the way
of touching off a set-piece of pyrotech
nics .that will double discount this mild
little snap-cracker, of the Belmount
business. ''.-iv ',: ';.
'; "Can't you. do.lt now?" - r
. "No, 1 , the time isn't rlpeyet." We must
lett. the- Tribune's coat of whitewash
dry. In . first." ,:.'. '
Hildreth wriggledin his chair. :
¦ "Kerit,:if : l;thought % it:would do any
good, : I'd cue-curse : you^ out ; I , would
for, a -fact. You are too' blamed; close-"
mouthed 'for. any ordinary newspaper
It is"* Question for the psychologists
to answer if there be or be not crises
In a man's life, when the event, weighty
or trivial, turns upon that thing which,
for the want of a better name, is called
a premonition.
Ir^V silence- that followed his dis
xnl>r vt the subject, Kent became
awa . ct a vague prompting which was
urging him to cut his visit short. , There
was no definite reason for his going.
He had finally brougrht himself -to -the
point or speaking openly to Elinor of
her engagement and they were, as he
fondly believed, safely beyond the dan
per point in that field. Moreover. Pe
celope was stirring In her hammock
Kent's gift of. reticence came to his
rescue in time to prevent the introduc
tion of another and rather uncertain
factor into his complicated problem. .
"I can explain it more intelligibly a
little later on; or If I don't, Ormsby
¦w-ill. In the meantime, you must. take
my word for it that w.e shall have our
railroad back in due season."
"I am willing to believe that you
have strong reasons , for taking: such
strong measures," she said. "May I
know them?"
It shocked her a little and she did not
promise to be a party to the subter
fuge. But neither did she say she
would not. •'
"By keeping ycur own counsel and
trusting me. Your mother supposes
this letter has gone: it has gone— this
way." He tore the sealed envelope
across and across and dropped the
pieces into his pocket. "Xow we are
safe — &t least until the man at the
other end writes asain."
Miss P.renf.vood rose.
"It was on the hall table this aft
ernoon; 1*11 go and see." and in a mo
ment she returned with the letter in
her ha no.
Kent took It from her as if it had
been an edged weapon or a can of higS
explosives.
"Heavens! What a turn you gave
me!" he suld. sJttine: down again. "Can
I see your mother?"
**I think she has jrone to bed. "What
do you want to do?"
"I want to tell her that she mustn't
do any such suicidal thing as thts."
"You don't know my mother." was
the calm reply. "Mr. Ormsby said
everything he could think of."
"Then we must take matters into our
own hands. Will you help me?"
"How?" the asked.
"Has that letter been mailed? Be
cause, if it has, it must be stopped by
wire!"
"The encouragement comes too late
for us. We have parted with our
stock."
Kent turned cold and hot and cold
again while she was saying it. Then
the lawyer in him came uppermost.
"Is it gone beyond recall? How much
too late am. I?" he demanded.
"My mother wrote the letter to-day
fihe h.-iil an offer from some one in New
York."
Kent whs on his feet instantly.
"I merely wanted to say that we still
have a fighting chance. But ona of
the hard and fast conditions is that
every individual stockholder shall hang
on to his or her holdings like grim
death."
She caught her breath with a little
Casp.
"If you will light your pipe and go
on smuklng. It makes me nervous to
have people hang on the brinlt of
things." .
He lighted his pipe, wondering what
other thing he might do to allay her
nervousness. None the less he would
not go back from his purpose, which
was barrier building.
"I have thought, wholly without war
rant, perhaps, that your loss in this
railroad steal has had something to do
with the postponement of your happi
ccss — and Oz-msby's. Has it.?"
"And if it should have?"
"Thank you." he rejoined, and he
meant it. "What 1 was going to say
touches a matter which I .believe you
haven't confided to any one. May I
talk businc-ss for a few moments?"
"N T o, I think not. You are responsi
ble, in the broader sense at all events.
He did not come West for Penelope's
sake." Then he took the plunge:^,"May
I know when it is to be — or am I to
wait lor my bidding with the other and
more formally invited guests?"
She laughed— a low little laugh that
lomthow grated on his nerves.
"You sha.ll know — when I know."
"Forgive me." he said quickly. "But
from something Ormsby said—"
"He should not have spoken of it; I
have given him no right," she said
coldly.
'"You make me twice sorry: Once if
I am a ireipatser, and again if I have
unwittingly broken a confidence. But
us a friend— a very old friend— I - ven
tured — "
She interrupted him again, but this
time her lausb did not hurt him
"Yes. Our friendship antedates Mr
Ormsby; it is old enough to excuse
anything you said — or were going to
cay."
The story as it appeared under the
scare headlines the next morning -was
crisply told- An oil company, had been
formed with. Senator Duvall at Its
head. After its incorporation it was
ascertained that it not only held r op
tions on all the most valuable wells
in the Belmount region, but that its
charter gave it immunity from the law
requiring all corporations to have their
organizations, officers, and operating
headquarters in the State. By the time
the new company was three, days old
It had quietly taken up its options and
was the single big flsh in the pool by
virtue of its having swallowed all the
little ones.
s On the seventh day the conflagration
broke out. The editor, of j the Belnidnt
Refiner was the first- to' smell smoke :
and raise the cry of "Fire!" 'but: by,
midnight the wires were humming with
the news and the enure State v was
ablaze. ¦- - -. ', • • "//:¦• >'
For six days .after.' the '.night of revel
ations Kent dived deep, personally and
by paid proxy, in a. sea of secrecy,'
which, but for the five pregnant min
utes in the doorway of the Governor's
office, might easily have proved fath
omless.
Down. Bruno!
CHAPTER XVIII.
"It. is in 'a safety-deposit box in the
vault of .the Security Bank; where it is
going to stay until I. am ready to use
it." .Go homeil say, and let me go to
bed. I'm ragged enough to sleep the
clock _ : around." .
. In spite of his weariness, which was
real enough, Kent was up betimes the
next moraine. Ha had a wire &p-
"Where Is it?" Hildreth asked
'; '¦ "I : havei Indeed. Hildreth, \ I have
evidence-r-printable evidence—^enough
to'. dig a ' dozen' political graves,* one of
them 1 big 'enough, to .: hold ' Jasper "G.
Bucks' six-feet- two." '
;."Let : me see it!"; said the night edi
tor, but "Kentt laughed ; and
pushed him toward the door.
"Go home and go to bed. I wouldn't
show it to you to-night if I had it here
. — as I : have not. I don't go around
with; a- stick of dynamite in* my
pc eke t." '^aBEilMBtefiMSBBjBI
./. Hildreth's eyes narrowed.
'.'I "Say," Kent; you have grown a lot
in ¦ these last few weeks : what is your
met?", ':¦ •.. ;- ¦ -\ ;;•" ' *¦ '¦ '
"Hard wort— and ; a' determination
to' make my, brag good." " . ,
:. ."To down' the ring, you mean?",
."Yes; to down the ring."
; "Are : you any " nearer to; It ¦ than you
were, when you began ?" :
M'-'A good . many ¦ parasangs."'-.
"By T Jove!', I- more" than; half be
lieve '¦- you've ; got \. hold ', of something
ded-definite at last!"- ; -
them out to be, they would not stop
short of personal violence."
"I am not hunting clemency or per-
Eonal Immunity Just now," laughed
Kent. "On the contrary. I am only
anxious to make the score as heavy as
possible. And so far from keeping
prudently in the background, I'll con
fess that I went into this franchise
fight chiefly to let the capitol gang
know who I am and where I stand."
A sudden light came into Elinor's
fyes and burned there steadily. She
was of those who lay votive offerings
upon the shrine of manly courage.
"One part of me approves as much as
another part disapproves." she said
after a time. "I suppose it isn't possi
ble to avoid making political enemies;
but is It needful to turn them into per
sonal enemies?"
He looked at her curiously.
"I am afraid I don't know any mid
dle path, not being a politician," he ob
jected. "And. as for the enmity of th<:se
men, I shall count it an honor to win
it. If I du not win it I shall know I
am not succeeding."
Silence for another little space, which
Miss LJrentwood broke by saying:
"Don't you want to smoke? You
may."
Kent felt in his pocket.
She looked I'list him to the hammock.
"Penelope," she called softly; and when
there was do icsuouse she went to
•spread ihe lu^iUiock rus over her sis
ter.
"'You may smoke your pipe." she saM.
and v. ben h«Ld passt-d behind him to
her chuir tht- made another conc-jssiou:
"Let i::<- till it lor you — you used to."
He j;avc her the |rfpe and toLacco.
and by a cuHocs contradiction of terms
bes^an to ¦u-.:udtr if ho ousrnt not to go.
SConvlthitendlns his frank deSancs ol
Brookes Onasby and hla declaration of
Intention in the sentimental afL'air, he
had his ovn notions about the sanctity
of a betrothal. Mrs?. Brentwood had
vanished u:id Penelope v» - as asleep in
the batxnmodd Could lie trust himself
to be deevntly loyal to Ormgby if he
should tta;-? Nice nutations of con
science hud not been troubling him
much of late, but this was a new
ground — or if not new, so old that it
had the effect of being new.* *
He let the question go unanswered —
and irtayed. But he was minded to fling
the bl££cst barrier he could lay hands
on in the way of possible disloyalty by
saying sx>od things of Ormsby.
"I owe you much for my acquaint
ance u ith him." he said when the sub
ject was fairly introduced. "He has
been all ki::0s of a good friend to me,
and he i>ro:r,ises to be more."
"Isn't your debt to Penelope, rather
than to me?" the returned.
"Oh; how -clumsy!'! said Portia, in
flnesc6ni.;i'Did his, Excellency. Imagine
for a moment T that -any.; one .would; be
deceived by such : a primitive bit of dust
"I found it so, I assure you. So far
as any usable evidence was concerned
I; was no better, off than before; it wa3
merely, my assertion against. their, de
nial—one man against four. \ But I have
had a full -week, and It has not been
wasted. -. I needn't - bore '.' you with . the
mechanical 4 details. U One 5 of my - men
followed Bucks' messenger to Chicago^
he .wouldn't trust the" banks here or the
malls— and we, know r now, , know; it In
black , on /white, .with . the . proper affi
davits, that the : draft .was for $200,000,
payable to the order of Jasper G.
Bucks. ; ; The : ostensible ; consideration
was ; the \ transfer f rom : Bucks to ; Rum
ford, of, a; piece "of property, in the out
skirts of i Gaston.- I had .this -piece of
land -appraised Ifor 'me to-day, by : two
disinterested citizens; of "Gaston, "and
they valued it;at-a' possible, but highly
improbable, j $3000.".
Kent nodded.
¦-, '• *'I had one that night; angel or de
mon, whichever you please. I was
fairly dragged into doing what I did.
When I reached the upper corridor the
door of the public anteroom was ajar
and I heard voices. The outer room
was not lighted, but the door between
it and the Governors private office
was open. I went in and stood 'In that
doorway for as much as five minutes,
I think, and none of the four men sit
ting around the Governor's writing ta
ble saw. me."
He had his small audience well In
hand by this time and Ormsby's ques
tion was almost mechanical.
. "Who were the four?"
"After , the newspaper rapid fire of
this morning you might guess them all.
They were his Excellency, Grafton
Hendricks, Rumford and Senator Du
vall. They were in the act of closing
the deal as I became an onlooker.
Rumf ord had withdrawn his. applica
tion for a charter and another /straw*
company had been formed with , Du
vall atlits head. ' -: I saw at once what
I fancy Duvall never suspected; that
he was goins to be made the scapegoat
for the ring. They all promised to
stand by him — and you see how that
promise has been kept."
"Good heavens!" ejaculated Lorinjr.
"What a despicable lot of scoundrels!
But the bribe, did you learn anything
about that?" n
\ "I saw it," said Kent impressively
"It was a slip of , paper, passed across
the table by Rumford . to Bucks, face
down. Bucks glanced at it before he
thrust It into his pocket and I had my
glimpse,, too. It was a draft on a Chi
cago bank, hut I could not , read the
figures and I doubt if either of the
other, conspirators knew the amount.
Then the Governor tossed a folded pa
per over. to. the oil man, saying, 'There
i3 ; your .- deed to the choicest piece " of
property in all Gaston, and you've got
it dirt cheap.' I came away at that"
; Elinor's sigh was almost a sob, but
Miss Van Brock's eyes were dancing.
: "Go on. go on," : she exclaimed. "That
Is only the beginning."
• Kent's smile was of reminiscent wear
iness. MjSEsm
"Mercy me! You do need a guardian
angel worse than anyb/dy I know!"
Portia cut in. "Do go on." . *
• "Never mind," laughed Ormsby.
"Miss Portia has a copyright on that.
But before you begin. I'd like to know
if the newspapers have it straight as
far as they have- gone Into it?"
;^."They. have- All but one small detail.
They Tare saying that Senator Duvall
has left the city and the -State.*'
"Hasn't he?" Loring asked.
"He ! hadn't : yesterday."
• „ "My-oh!" said Portia. "They will
mob him if he shows himself."
' Kent nodded assent.
"He knows it; he is hiding out. But
I found him."
¦ "Where?" from the three women in
chorus. :-''?¦•
"In his ¦ own house out in Pentland
place. The family has been away since
April and the place has been shut up.
I took him the first meal he'd had in
thirty-six , hours."
' Portia clapped her hands. The but
ler, came in with the coffee and she
dismissed him and >' bade him shut the
doors.' .
:>'Now ' begin : at the very tip end of
the -beginning," she ¦ commanded.
\v Kent had ' a sharp >• little :. tussle with
his inborn reticence,^ thrust it to the
wall and told a plain tale.
."It begins in a piece of reckless folly.
? Shortly after I left Mrs. Brentwood's
last Thursday evening I had a curious
experience.;. The shortest way down
town is diagonally through the Capitol
grounds, but some undefinable impulse
led me to" go around ' on the Capitol
avenue side- As I was passing. tha
right wing: of the building I saw lights
i n the Governor's room and in a sud
den fit of desperation , resolved to go
up and have it out ; with Bucks. It
.was abnormally foolish, I'll confess: I
had nothing definite to go on; but I —
well. I was keyed up to just about t»e
right pitch and I thought I might bluff
him." • ' . • ,
Kent looked up rather helplessly.
. "Really," I— I'm not sure that I know
anything worth repeating at your din
ner. table.'Nhe protested.
But Miss Van Brock made a mock of
his caution. .
'- "You; needn't be afraid.. I pledged
everybody to secrecy, before you came.
It is understood that' we: are in 'exec
utive session.' And If you don't know
much, you may tell us what you know
now, more than you knew before you
knew., so little as you know now."
: : VHold on," said ; Kent; • "will you
please say that over again- and say It
•lowly?" !,'¦•
"You are not to be allowed to maroon
yourself with Miss Brentwood any
longer," she said dicta tor ially. "You
know more about the unpublished part
of this Belmount conspiracy than any
one else . , excepting - the conspirators
themselves, and you are to tell us all
about it." . : \' .
.'-'You ..are; going to print '. it?" •asked
the Building and Loan appraiser.
"I may want to. You may shape it
to that end." '
"I'll stand by my figure's," said Fra
zee. • "It will give me my little chance
to get back at the ; Governor. I had it
assessed as unimproved suburban prop
erty at so much the lot, but he made a
kick to the board of equalization and
got it put in as unimproved farm land
at fifty -dollars ah acre." . Then, look
ing at his watch; "We'd better be get
ting back,- if you have to catch the
Accommodation. Won't you stay over
and visit with us?"
; "I v can't, ; this : time, much obliged,"
said Kent; and they drove to the Build
ing; and Loan office, where the Joint let
ter of appraisal was written and signed.
Kent caught his train with something
to^spare, and was back at the capital
in"good time to keep a dinner engage
ment at Miss Van Brock's. He had un
derstood that Ormsby would f be tha
only other guest. But Portia had a lit
tle surprise in store' -for him.,
Loring had dropped . in, unan-'
nounced, from the East; and Por
tia, having first ascertained that Mrs-
Brentwood's asthma was prohibitive of
late dining out. had instructed Orms
by, to bring Elinor and Penelope.
Kent had been saving the results of
his deep sea divings in the oilfield in
vestigations to spread them out. before
Miss Van Brock and Ormsby "in com
mittee," but he put a padlock on his
lips when he saw the others.
Portia gave him Elinor, to- take out,
und he would have, rejoiced brazenly
If the table talk, from the bouillon to
the ices, had not been persistently gen
eral, turning most naturally upon the
Universal Oil Jompany*s successful
coup in the Belmount field: Kent kept
out of It as much as he could, striving
manfully to monopolize Elinor for his
own especial behoof, but finally Portia
laid her commands upon him.
VI dldn't;know, -.until I saw your bulle
tin a few', h jurs ' ago, that the thing had
been pulled \ off. ' " In " fact, I've been : too
busy with other ;thlngs to* pay.; much'
attention ' to.'. the^Belmount end of it." .-•'-"
"The ded-devil ' you have '."^sputtered
Hildreth; chewing savagely, on . the "- gift
cigar. "I'd like"; to; know what business
youhad, to niix up" in other. things .to
the detriment.' c-f ; my.-. r news columns.
: You were, the' one 'man who ; knew L all
about it ; : or at least you did a week or
two ago."
"Yes; but other, and more Important
•things have intervened. ,1 have: been
desperately, busy, as I. say." iri-^! ;'
." "Well, you'- e : lost your chance to get
your grip on the capital gang,; anyway;
that ; is one * comf ort,'.' ; growled " the ¦ edl- '
tor,' getting ; what consolation he 'could
out of Kent's apparent failure. '.'They
played.it too fuf -fine for you."
"Did they?'.' said Kent.
"It looks pretty much that way,
doesn't it? Duvall is the scapegoat and
onlyone. About day after to-mor
row Bucks' organ, the Tribune, will
come out with an 'inspired' editorial,
whitewashing the entire capitc/l .outfit.
It will show that j Rumf ord's applica
tion for the charter was refused' and {
how a truly -good and beneficent State,
government has been hoodwinked "and
betrayed by one of its most ! trusted
supporter?." •
Kent threw off his street coat and
went to eel **** dressing-gown from ta«
When he did realize it, he was of
two minds whether to go back or to let
the apology excuse another call the fol
lowing evening. Then the insistent
prompting seized him again; and when
next he came to a competent sense o-f
things present he was standing . oppo
site the capitol building, staring fixedly
up at a pair of lighted windows in the
second story.. - . - ¦ . '
They were the windows of the Gov
ernor's room, and David Kent's brain
cleared suddenly. In the earliest be
ginnings of the determinate plan to
wrest the Transwestern out of the
grasp of the junta he had known that
it must come finally to some desperate
duel with the master-spirit of the ring
sters. Was Jasper Bucks behind those
lighted windows — alone?
Kent had not meant to make the
open attack until he should have a
weapon in his hands which would arm
him to win. But now as he stood look
ing 1 up at the beckoning windows a
mad desire to have it out once for all
with the robber in chief sent the blood
tingling to his finger tips. True, he
had nothing as yet in the oilfield con
spiracy that the newspapers or the
public would accept aa «vldenc« at
and the perilous < privacy was at an
end. Nevertheless, he rose and said
gocrd-night, and .was : half-way to the
next corner before he realized how in
excusably abrupt his leave-taking had
been. "
¦ They were within two squares of tha
Clarendon, and the cross-street was de
serted save for a drunken cowboy in
chaps and sombrero staggering aimless
ly around the corner.
. "That's • curious," Loring remarked.
VDon't you know, I saw that sama fel
low, or his double, lurching across tha
avenue as we came out of <Alaxned&
square, and I wondered what he was
doing out in that region. 1 * . ?
"It was his double, I guess." said
Kent. "This one is many pegs too
drunk to cover the distance as fast as
we have been walking."
But - drunk or sober, the cowboy
turned s up again ' roost unexpectedly;
this time at the entrance. of the alley
half-way down the block. In passing
he stumbled heavily against Kent:
there was a thick-tongued oath, a'nd
Loring struck out smartly with his
walking-stick. By consequence the
man's pistol. went off harmlessly In the
air. The shot brought » policeman lum
bering heavily, from the street beyond,
and the-skirlinff of relief whistles
shrilled on the night. But the man
"That is so." said Ormsby. "And, as
chairman of the executive committee, I
shall have to take steps. We can't
afford to bury you Just yet, Kent."
* "I think you needn't select the pall
bearers yet a while," laughed tha un
daunted one; and then Hiss Van Brock
gave the signal and the "executive,
committee" adjourned to the drawing
room. Here the talk, already so deeply
channeled in the grove political, ran
easily to forecasting^ and predictions
for another electoral year; and when
Penelope began to yawn behind her fan.
Ormsby took pity on her and the party
broke up.
It was at the moment of leave-taking
that Elinor sought and found her
chance to extract a promise from David
Kent.
"I must have a word with you before
you do what you say you axe going to
do, she whispered hurriedly. "Will
•you come to see me?"
"Certainly, if you wish It. But yoa
mustn't let Loring's nervousness Infect
you. There is no danger."
"There is a danger," she Insisted, "a
much greater danger than the one Mr.
Loring fears. Come as soon as you
can, won't you?"
It was a new thing for her to plead
with him, and he promised in an access
of tumultuous hope reawakened by her
changed attitude. But afterward, when
he was walking downtown with Lor
ing, the episode troubled him a little;
would have troubled him more if hs
had not been so deeply interested In
Loring*s story of the campaign In tha
East.
Taking It all in all, the ex-manager's
report was encouraging.- The New
Englanders were by no means disposed
to lie down in the harness, and since
the Western Pacific proper was an in
terstate line, the advisory board had
taken its grievance to Washington.
Many of the small stockholders wera
standing firm, though there had been
panicky- defections in spite of all that
could bo : done. - Loring had no direct
evidence to sustain the stock deal the
ory; but it was morally certain that
the Plantagould brokers were picking
up Western Pacific by littles wherever
they could find It.
"I am inclined to believe we haven't
, much time to lose," was : Kent's com
ment. ' "Things will focus , here long
before Washington can get action. Tha
other lines are bringing a tremendous
pressure to bear on Guilford,', whose cut
rates are demoralizing business fright
fully. The fictitious boom in Trans
western traffic is about worked out;
and for political reasons Bucks can't
afford to have the road in the hands of
his henchmen when the collapse comes.
The major is bolstering things from
week . to week ¦. now until . the Planta
gould people get what they are after— a
controlling majority of the stock— and
then Judge MacFarlane will coma.
back."
"Thus far you have not considered
your personal safety — haven't had to.
perhaps. But you are coming to that
now. You are dealing with a desperate
man, David; ' with a gang of them, la
fact." in VrMf 'nnrtBrMr*fW h M
"Can't I?" said Kent. "Having tha
score written out and safely committed
to memory that will be quite tha
easiest number on the programme, I
assure you."
But Loring had something; to say
about the risk.
"You want to make me say som«
melodramatic thing about having th«
shackles forged and snapping them
upon the Gubernatorial wrists, don't
you? "It will be prosaic enough from
this on.- I fancy we shall have no dif
ficulty now in convincing his Excel
lency of the Justice of our proceedings
to quash* Judge MacFarlano and his re
ceiver."
"But how will you go about It?
Surely you cannot go personally and
threaten the Governor of the- State!"
this from Miss Brentwood.
Kent laughed.
"Alone?" said Elinor, with the cour
age-worshiping light in the blue-gray
eyes.
"Yes; it didn't seem worth while
to double the risk. I did it rather
clumsily, I suppose, and my greeting
was a shot fired at random in the dark
ness—the Senator mistaking me for
a burglar, as he afterward explained.
There was no harm done, and the pistol
welcome effectually broke the ice in
what might otherwise have been a
rather difficult interview. We had it
out in an upper room, with the gas
turned low and the window curtains
drawn. To cut a long story short, I
finally succeeded in making him un
derstand what he was in for; that
his confederates had used him and
thrown him aside. Then I went and
brought him some supper."
Ormsby smote softly upon the edg«
of the table with an extended fore
fin ser.
"Will he testify?" he asked.
Kent's rejoinder was definitive.
"He has put himself entirely in my
hands. He is a ruined man. politically
and socially, and he is desperate. While
I couldn't make him give me any of
the details in the Tranawestern affair,
he made a clean breatst of the oil-field
deal, and I have his statement locked
up with the other papers in the Secur
ity vaults." x
It was Penelope who gave David
Kent his due meed of praise.
"I am neither a triumphant politician
nor a successful detective, but I recog
nize both when they are pointed out to
me," she said. "Mr. Kent, will you
serve these gentlemen up hot for din
ner, or cold for luncheon?"
"Yes," Portia chimed in. "You hav«
outrun your pace-setters, and I'm
proud of you. Tell us what you mean
to do next."
"No; thus far the evidence is all cir
cumstantial. But I picked up the final
link In the chain— the human link—yes
terday. One of the detectives had been
dogging Duva.l. Two days ago the
Senator disappeared, unaccountably. I
put two end two together, and lat«
last evening .took the liberty of break-
Ing into his house."
Kent shook his head
"It was not so bad," said Kent. "If
it should ever be charged that ha took
money from Rumf ord. here is a plain
business .transaction to account for it.
The deed as recorded has nothing to
say of the enormous price paid. Th«
phrasing is the common form used
when' the parties to the transfer do not
•wish to make the price public: *For $1
to me in hand paid and other valuabla
considerations.* Luckily we are able to
establish conclusively wbat the 'other
valuable considerations' were." -
"It seems to me that these documents
arm and equip you for anything you
want to do," said Loring, polishing hi»
eye-glasses after his ingrained habit.
throwing?" and Ormsby also had some
thing to say about the fatal mistakei
of the shrewdest criminals. "
done and he slept the. sleep of ' an out
worn laborer. '.,'¦; Av
THm ¦ S AN ->1 FR AKClSCCy-t SUNDAYS GALIi.
; ..'.'As property ;-is ' going here Just now,"
fifty 'dollars. for,, the inside lots;' and one
hundred dollars apiece r v for, the /corners;
say." three i thousand- for '.the : plot. . 'And
that i is "Just ! about;three times : as much
as^ anybody vl but . t a-^ land-crazy, idiot
.•would ' give : f ori it.' ¦ • •: It was ' Fraeee .who
announced { the ' decision^*; \ '.' .; ;.-'¦
you* : both until you are better
paid.';^ Now * we'll go back I to" town j and
you', canlwrite • me adjoint ; letter.' stating
the; f act.'; j If you ', think * it .will T get 5 you
disliked j here at i home7; make^the' figure
higher; make it high: enough so^that/all
Gaston .will 'be. dead sureHo approve."
;^".No,' i put ¦; it « up. , You ;. are . having a
little v boom ? here ; now; ¦ give • it -the top
boom i price, if , you ', llke^$j£jgtJB£$tS0tg$
: V The ; two referees drew apart and laid
their, headsi together.' V - - - .
V^'Well; v give' me i your, candid opinion,
you '-, two ; ; ¦ wh at \ is the property. worth ?"
.The Building and 1 Loan man scratch
ed his "chin. .. '". . "•*,.",'¦
;VSay*< fifty..' dollars for the , plot— if
you'lltfence it.", -"'-: . v -.
pointment with JSiashfleld Hunnlcott
and. two others in Gaston,,and,he took
an. early train to keep it. The ex-local
attorney^ mot him at the station with
a'two-seated rig; and on'" the way to
the ' western suburbs they picked up
Frazeei the County Assessor, and Or
tori,, the appraiser, of V the Apache
Building and Loan Association.
- "Hunnicott i has told \ you what I am
after," said Kent,' when . the surrey par
,ty ;was made ¦-- up. "We all . know the
proper ty. well enough, but , to have it ¦ all
, fair - and /aboveboard, ?we'll drive '¦: out
and look it over so that -our knowledge
may; be said to be fully up -to date." ¦
.Twenty minutes afterward. the;quar
tet was locating 1 the corners of a square
in Gaston's remotest' suburb; an ."addi
tion",^whoses only- improvements, were
the, weathered and - rotting street and
lot stakings on the bare, brown plain. .;.
; " 'VLots 1 to^56 in block 10,?Guilford
; &; Hawk's : Addition,' " said , Kent; read
ing from a' memorandum :; in -his- note
book. "It ; lies beautifully,' doesn't it?"
.'•Yes, ; for; a chicken farm," '¦ chuckled
the assessor.: . 1 - '.,. .
Realizing it afterward he -wondered
if the occult prompting " which had
dragged him out of his chair on the
Brentwood porch saw to it that- he
walked upon the strip of matting in
the tile paved • corridor and so made
his approach noiseless. Also, if the
same silent 'monitor, bade him etop
short of the Governor's office,- at the
door, namely, of the public anteroom,
which stood ajar?
¦Alow murmur of voices came from
beyond, and for a moment he paused,
listening- Then he went boldly within, 1
crossing the anteroom and standing
fairly In the broad gleam of light pour
ing through the open, door of communi
cation with the -.private office.
Four men sat in low-toned conference
around the Governor's - writing . table,
end if any one of them had looked up
the silent witness must \ have . b^en - dis
covered, r Kent marked them doVn one
by one.. The. Governor; Hendricks, the
Secretary, of State; J Rumford, the' oil
man, and Senator, Duvall.', For" five
pregnant: minutes, he stood, looking, on,
almost iwithin: arm's »reacn: of the. four,
hearing distinctly what was 'said ; see
ing -the papers which changed hands
across the > table.':- , Then'; he turned • and
went away, noiselessly, as he had come,
the thick-piled carpet of the" anteroom
muffling his footfalls. ,\ '-J3&R8a8HPEB0|
It was midnight when he reached his
quarters • in 7 the ,' Clarendon ; and •' flung
himself, full length 'upon: the'bed^. sod
den with weariness.*,' For two hours, he
had tramped, the^deserted streets, striv
ing in sharp : travail ; of ¦ soul . to < fl t the
Invincible, ; chance-given j weapon : to his
hand. When he came inUhe thing was
Kent did not stop to argue~H out.
When a man's blood, is up the odds
against him shrink • and become , as
naught- Two minutes later he was in
the upper corridor, of the capitol, strid
ing swiftly to the door of the lighted
room.^BflbranS8£KEK£8BnPw • ¦
fraud or corruption, But on the otner
hand Bucks was only a man after all,
a man with a buccaneer's record, and by
consequence vulnerable beneath the
brazen armor of assurance. If the at
tack were bold enough —
. VSay. I'd like to. know Jf, you cue-call
this v giving , me A a* fair. sho w ! " - .he* de- :
manded, . flinging : into ; : Kent's • sitting
room ; and dropping * into a" chair. 'V "Did
I, 'or 'did ;Ii not* understand ' that ' I was
to have, the] age; on i this' olU business
. vtien > there was , anything ; fl t \ to ) print ?"
f . Kent j gave >the? night v editor! a Icigar
and '. wan ¦ otherwise exasperatingly im
perturbable. ". •" .. ,
"Keep j your/clothes on and don't ac
c*use a . man of disloyal ty^ until you have
all.thedocuments in the case," hecaid.
' ; It iWaa after \ the ' Argus , had' gone , to
press on « the night of explosions. that
Editor- Hildreth;' sought,, and ? found
David Kent in his rooms at the Claren
don and poured . out' .the' .vials '„ of * his
wrath.' ' '-¦.¦:!•'.-.;;,: \ ¦ v . J ''-. -'
It had -all been ' managed very skill
fully ; > the . capping , of . the wells by the
Universal's agent, j the practical seal
ing up of.the entire 'district,- being the
first pMbllc intimation » of .'the result ; of
Duvall's treachery; and the , complete
triumph of ..a" foreign monopoly. . ;
" The storm that 1 swept- the State. when
the .facts came, out} was cyclonic ; and
it was. reported,, 1 as it;/ needed to ; be.
that Senator '.; Duvall '¦ had disappeared.
Never.in the history of • the. ; State had
public feeling risen >. so j high ; and ¦ there
were not -lacking 'those "who,? said 'that
if Duvall showed himself .-his life would
not be safe in the streets of. the-capi
tal.. ¦.,..•¦•, , r . ; ¦ ; ... .'- ".' ,. ¦-'¦¦- ¦ :: '¦':>/ V. ¦
Tiici. came tne *..usmng stroke wnicn
had set the wires to humming.' On the
sixth day/ It ' was 'noised* about that
Senator Duvall, had . transferred 'his
controlling; interest to Rumf ord-^-other
wlse to -the Universal. Oil- Company— '
that he had served only as a figurehead
in the transaction,, using. hl3 standing,
social and political, to secure the char
ter which had .been denied ' Rumf ord
and .his, associates. •". . .Kent took his turn at interrupting.
"Mr. Melgs,- there :, is : nothing: to be
gained by .'Indirection.* -"May. I ask you
to come -to; the; point?"; ; .
"Briefly,. then: the course, pursued by
Senator Duvall - in [ the > Belmount affair
leaves, an ; unproved charge ..." against
others ; a ;?• charge i which ' I ani ;: deter
mined to sift t£ the bottom—you aee, I
"Precisely," was the smiling-rejoin
der. "You will note that I said 'at that
time.' Later ; developments— more :; es
pecially this charge made openly by the
public press " of Jugglinr , with foreign
corporations— have . led me to believe
that as the public prosecutor • I may
have y duties which i transcend all other
considerations— of loyalty ' to - a party
standard— of— 'V ' ,^' ; '
"I admit nothing," said Kent, curtly..
"But for the sake of expediting present
matters—" . . •
"A prefatory remark rnay make my
business with, you seem a little less
singular, Mr. Kent" Melgs began,
when Kent had passed his cigar , case
and the Attorney General had apolo
g!zed for a weak digestive tract "On
wholly divergent lines and from wholly
different motives we are both working
toward tha same end, I believe, and It
has occurred to me that we might be
of some assistance to each other.'! .-
Kent's rejoinder was \ a mute signal
to the effect that he was attending.
"Some little time ago you came to me
as the legal representative of the stock
holders : of the - Transwestern Railway
Company and I did not find It possible
at that time to meet your wishes In the
matter of a quo warranto Information
questioning Judge MacFarlane's 'elec
tion and status.- You will admit, I pre
sume, that your demand was a little
peremptory?" jWMfMWf" J^ffiWIHBHWBfj
"It Is; a matter of the greatest im
portance," was the smooth-toned reply.
"I am sure you will not regret it If you
will give me a few momenta, Mr.
Kent"
Kent decided quickly. Being fore
warned, there was nothing . to fear.
"We will go up to my rooms, if you
please," he said, leading the way to
the elevator; and no other word was
apoken until, they were behind closed
doors on the fourth floor.
"I am very much occupied Just now,
Mr. Melgs," he demurred, "but If it Is
a matter of importance — "
smile of the congealed sort, which
served to mask whatever emotion there
might be behind it .
Kent had seen . little of Meigs since
the latter had turned him down in the
quo warranto matter, and his guard
went up quickly when the,
General accosted him In the lobby' of
the hotel and asked for a private inter
view.
It was the first \ time she had ever
called him by his Christian name and
it went near to toppling down the
carefully reared structure of self-re
straint But he made shift to shore
the tottering walls with; a playful re
tort. . :«. ; ".-..; ¦ - ¦ -; .-¦
"If that fs. the case, I'll have to
think up some more self-abnegations.
Good-night" . >
CHAPTER XX. «
The Winning Loser.
Editor Hlldreth's prophecy concern-
Ing the probable attitude of the admin
istration newspapers In the" discussion
of the oil field affair waited but a day
yourself, ana you can't be sure unless
you are free to choose between us."
"Oh, don't! — you shouldn't say such
things to me," she broke out; and then
he knew he was gaining ground.
"Yes, I must. We have been stum
bling around In the dark all these
months, and I mean to be the lantern
bearer for once in a way. You know,
and I know, and Kent Is coming to
know. That man is going to be a
success, Elinor: he has it In him, and
he sha'n't lack the money-backing he
may need. When he arrives — "
She turned on him quickly, and the
blue-gray eyes were suspiciously
bright
"Please don't bury me alive," she
begged.
He saw what he had done; that the
nicely calculated purpose had carried
straight and true to its mark; and 'for
a moment the mixed motives, which
are at the bottom of most human
sayings and doings, surged in him like
tha sea at the vexed tide-line of an
Iron-bound coast But it was the bet
ter Brookes Ormsby that struggled up
out of the elemental conflict
"Don't mistake me," he said. "I am
neither better nor worse than other
men, I fancy. My motives, such as
they are. would probably turn out to
be purely selfish In the last analysis. I
am proceeding on the theory that con
straint breeds the desire for the thing
It forbids; therefore I remove it Also,
it Is a part of that theory that the
successful David Kent will not appeal
to you as the unspoiled country lawyer
did. No I'm not going to spoil him;
If I were, I shouldn't be telling you
about It But — may I be • brutally
frank?— the David Kent who will
come successfully out. of this political
prize fight will not be the man you
have idealized."
There was a muttering of thunder
In the air, and the cool precursory
breeze of «. a shower was sweeping
through the tree tops.
"Shall, we go Into the house?" she
asked; and he took it as his dismissal.
"You may; I have kept you up long
enough." And then, taking her hand:
"Are we safely ashore, on the new
continent, Elinor? May I come and
go as heretofore?"
"You were always welcome, Brookes;
you will be "twice: welcome, now."
General. "And now we are beginning
to see our way a little clearer. It is
not too late for us to move in the quo
warranto proceedings. If you will call
at my office I shall be glad to reopen
the matter with you." ...'..
"And tlfe price?" said Kent, shortly.
"Oh, my dear sir! must. we put It
upon the ground of a quid pro quo ?
Rather let us say that we shall help
each other. You are in a position to
assist me very materially: 'I may be in
a position to; serve your turn. Come
to my office to-morrow morning pre
pared to do your duty aa an honest,
loyal citizen, and you will find mo
quite willing to meet you half-way."
Kent rose and opened his watch.
"Mr. Melgs, I have given . you your
opportunity, and you have seemed to
give me mine," he said coolly. "Will
you pardon me if I say that I can pad
dle my own canoe— if I ask you to as
sure his Excellency that one more de
vice of his to escape punishment has
been tried and found wanting?"
. For. a flitting moment the castlron
smile faded from the impassive face
of the. Attorney General and an . un
relenting: devil came to peer out of the
colorless eyes. Then Melgs rose cat
like and laid his hand on the door
knob. .
;^"Do I understand that you refuse
to move in a matter, which should
be the first duty of a good citizen, Mr.
Kent?" he asked purrlngly.
:'.-; "I ,' certainly do refuse . to fall Into
such , a* clumsy trap * as you have been
trying to bait for me, Mr. Meigs," said
David Kent, dropping back into his
former curtness. !,,
: ...The door opened slowly under the'
.impulse of the slender womanish
hand. Pfs^tSSi^fiiii^
- "You ; have a task of some magni
tude' before you; , Mr. Kent. : You . can
scarcely hope to accomplish It 'alone."
' "Meaning -5 that ' you .would like »• to
know If the fight will go on if I should
chance to meet : another drunken cow
boy with ; a better aim ? It ? wil 1." ,
\ ; The -door closed softly behind - : the
retreating figure of the Attorney, Gen
eral, 'and Kent ¦, released *' the ; aprlngl of
the i night latch. Then : he .went ; to . the
dropped; portiere at' the - farther ¦ end
of the ' room. ¦ drew, it aside ", and looked
in < on '¦ a ; man • who i was writing ¦ : at . " a
tabled pushed out, between' the\ win
dowe.;'. ¦;.'_; : -;\\;. : .¦"'¦..- ¦'.':, ,.'..'¦"¦_
."; "You : heard him, Loring?" he
'asked.'., ;/. -..,- ; '¦{¦', > ; .¦'; ¦ . : , ;
The , ex- manager [nodded, y ,
• "They;: are'; hard L pressed," i hie; said:
Then,~. looking jup quickly ::." You 'could
name your price If you wanted to close
out the stock of goods in hand, . Da
vid." •• ;:¦?;-. . '-r ¦;* ¦ ' \
: "When; you i are digging 'a well and
have ; found ;your • stream of water,' It's
folly^to go 'deeper, David. Can't you
leU'good.eriough'J alone?'.'
Kent v turned y It - over in his - mind,
frowning;.; thoughtfully.: Into/ his : cof
fee i cup. When ' he ; spoke '• It ' was ; out
Ormsby/ grinned
"Just that." ; Ormsby ; put all the
nonchalance. he could muster Into tho
laconic reply, Ibut he was anticipating
the sequent; demand which : came like
a shot-out;'of a gun.J ' . ¦
•". "And i there ' never " has been ?"
—I' don't, suppose anything about It,
so far, as we two are concerned, I have
your own word for it You told me
you were ; the ' man # in . possession."
Orrhsby laughed /again. "
; "You are something of a "~ bluffer
yourself/ David. Did you let my little
stagger : scar e. you ; out ?"
David Kent pushed his chair back
from "the table and nailed Ormsby
with "a look , that , would have made a
younger . man betray . himself.
; .'-"Do you mean ' to ', tell me ; that ; there
is no engagement *"- between*- yourself
and Miss , Brentwood ?"
„ "Curious, Isn't It, how sufch thlnjrs
get about," commented the player of
long suits. "How do you suppose they
ftet started?" . \ ,« ~ #
"I'm going to see Miss Brentwood to
night," he announced abruptly. "Have
you any objection?"
The millionaire gave him the shrewd
est of overlooks, ending with a deep
rumbling laugh.
"Kent, you are. the queerest lot I
have ever discovered, and that Is say-
Ing a good,; bit- Why, in the name of
all the proprieties, should I object?"
"Your right is unchallenged," Kent
admitted. . . .
"Is it? Better ask Miss Brentwood
about that. She might say It isn't."
"I don't understand," said Kent, dry
tongued.
"Don't you? Perhaps I'd better ex
plain. She might find It a little dif
ficult. You have been laboring under
the impression that we "are engaged,
haven't you?"
"Laboring under " the— why. good
heavens, man! It's In everybody's
mouth!"
Ing present to fight for his own nanu,
Kent, as we have seen, had boldly
monopolized ' Miss Brentwood, arid
wouM have committed himself still
more pointedly had the occasion favor
ed, him. None the less, when Elinor
had begged him privately to see her
moving in the attack i on the Junta,* he
had almost resented the implied estab
lishing of confidential relations with
her lover's open rival."
For this cause he had . been post
poning the promised visit; and thereby
postponing the taking of the final' step
in the campaign of intimidation. The
unexplained telephone call decided him,
however. He would go and see Elinor
and have the ordeal over with.
But as a preliminary he dined that
evening with . Ormsby at the Camelot
Club and over the coffee had it out
with him. .
*JI , am glad to know how you feel
about It, Mrs. \ Brentwood ; nevertheless,
I shall ask you to give your consent
some day. God willing."
\He expected an outburst of some sort
and was -. telling ' himself that he had
fairly '. provoked It when she cut the
ground from, beneath his 'feet. '
"Don't you go off with any such fool
ish notion as that, David Kent," she
said, ' not l unsy mpathe tically. "She's* In
love with Brookes Ormsby, and' she
knows It now, if she didn't before."
And it was with this arrow rankling in
him ' that- Kent bowed himself out * and
went, to join the young women on the
porch.
CHAPTER XXH.
: ;'A Borrowed Conscience.
The ¦ conversation ¦ on the Brentwood
Kent rose.
"For several reasons— one Is that Eli
nor will never marry without my con
sent; another is that she can't afford
to marry a poor man."
"Why?" he asked in his turn.
'.'Because he is giving you another
chance? I don't mind telling you plain
ly . that it won't do : any good, " Mr.
Kent."
She was silent for a time, and when
she spoke again' Kent realized that he
was coming to . know an entirely un
suspected side of Elinor's mother.
"It makes it pretty hard for me,"
she said slowly. "This little drib of
railroad stock Is all that my girls have
left out of what their father willed
them.' I want to save it If I can."
"So do I." said David Kent, frankly;
"and for the eame reason.
Mrs. Brentwood confined herself to
a dry "Why?"
"Because I have loved your elder
daughter well and truly ever since that
summer at the foot of Old Croydon.
Mrs. Brentwood, and her happiness
and well-being concern me very
nearly."
"You are pretty, plain-spoken, Mr.
Kent.- I suppose you know Elinor Is
to be married to Brookes Ormsby?"
Mrs. Brentwood was quite herself
again.
Kent dexterously equivocated.
"I" know they have been engagad
for some time," he said; but the small
quibble availed him nothing.
"Which one of them was it told you
It was broken off?" she .inquired.
He smiled In spite of the Increasing
gravity of the situation. .
"You may be sura It was not Miss
Elinor."
'"Humph!" said Mrs. Brentwood.
"She didn't tell me. either. 'Twaa
Brookes Ormsby, and he said he want
ed to begin all over again, or some
thing of that sort. He is nothing but
a foolish boy, for all his hair is getting
thin."
"He Is a very honorable man," said
Kent.
"I shouldn't put it quite so strongly.
At the same time, I am not the person
to advise you."
The shrewd eyes looked up at him
quickly.
"Would you mind telUng me why,
Mr. Kent?"
"Not in the least. I am an inter
ested party. For weeks Mr. Loring
and I have been striving by all means
to prevent transfers of the stock from
the hands of the original holders. I
don't want to advise you to your hurt;
but to tell you to sell might be to undo
all that has been done."
"Then you are still hoping to get the
railroad out of Major Guilford'a
hands?" I
"Yes." .'
"And in that case the price of the
stock will go up again?"
"That Is Just the difficulty. It may
be a long time, recovering."
"Dctou think the sale of my three
thousand shares would make any dif
ference?" she asked. ,
"There is reason to fear that It
would make all the difference."
"I scarcely feel competent to ad
vise you In a matter which Is personal
rather than legal," he said at length.
"Have you talked it over with Mr.
Ormsby?"
Mrs. Brentwood's reply was openly
contemptuous.
"Br/>okes Orm3by doesn't know any
thing, about dollars. You have to ex
press It in millions before he can grasp
it. He says for me not to sell at .any
price." _•) .... ;
' Kent' shook his head. *-"*
Kent took time for reflection before
he answered. It was exceedingly dif
ficult to eliminate the personal factor
In the equation. If all went well, If by
due process of law the Transwestern
should be rescued out vi the hands of
the wreckers, the property would be a
long time recovering from the
wounds inflicted by the cut rates and
the Gullford bad management. In con
sequence, any advance In the market
value of the stock must be slow and
uncertain under the skillfullest hand
ling. But, while it. might be advisable
for Mrs. Brentwood to take what she
could get, the transfer of the three
thousand shares at the critical mo
ment might be the death blow to all
his hopes In the fight for retrieval.
Happily, he' hit upon the expedient
of shifting the responsibility for the
decision to other shoulders.
Mrs. Brentwood confessed that there
had been; that a firm of Boston brok
ers had also written her. Did Mr. Kent
know the meaning of all this anxiety
to buy In Western Pacific when the
stock was going dmvn day by day?
Kent smiled Inwardly at the good
lady's definition of "legal advice," but
he rose promptly to the occasion. If
he were in Mrs. Brentwood's place he
would not write again; nor would he
pay any attention whatever to any
similar proposals from any source. Had
there been any others?
"We were just wondering if you
would imagine the message which Eli
nor was going to send, and didn't, and
come out to see what was wanted,"
she said. "I am in need of a little
legal advice. "Will you give me a few
minutes In the library?"
Kent went with her obediently, but
not without wondering why she had
sent for him, of all the retalnable law
yers in the capital. And the wonder
became amazement when she opened
her confidence. She had received two
letters from a new YorK broker who
offered to buy her railroad stock at a
little more than the market price. To
the second letter she had replied, ask
ing a price ten points higher than the
market. At this" the broker had ap
parently dropped the attempted nego
tiation, since there had been no more
letters- .What- would Mr. Kent advise
her to do — write again?
It was still early in the evening
when Kent mounted the atepa of the
Brentwood apartment-house. Mother
and daughters were all on the porch,
but It was Mrs. Brentwood who wel
comed him.
A Woman Intervenes.
CHAPTER XXI.
with a pistol had twisted out of Kent's
grasp acd was gone In a flash.
"By Jove!" said Lortng, breathing
hard; "he wasn't as drunk as he
seemed to bel" ¦ <• '*
Kent drew down his cuffs and shook
himself straight In his coat.
"No, he wasn't drunk at all. I miess
he was the man you saw when we came
out of the square." Then, as a police
man came up puffing, "Let me do the
talking; the whisky theory will be good
enough for the newspapers."
bHAPTER XIX.
Deep Sea Sounding*. .
"Oof! I feel as If I had been dipped
In a warm bath of conspiracy and hung
up to dry In the cold storage of nihil
ism. If you take me to any more meet-
Ings cf your committee of safety I
shall be like the man without music in
his soul— 'fit for treasons, stratagems
and spoils."
Thus Penelope, after the breaking up
of the Van Brock dinner party. Elinor
had elected to walk the few blocks in
tervening between Alameda square and
Tejon avenue, and Ormsby had dis
missed his chauffeur with the motor
car.
"I told you beforehand it was srolng
to be a political confab." said the club
man in eelf-defense. "And you mustn't
treat it lightly, either. Ten prattling
words of what you have heard to-nleht
6et afloat on the gossip pool of this
town misrht make It pretty difficult for
our David."
"We are net very likely to babble,"
retorted Penelope. "We are not so
rich in intimates In this aboriginal des
ert." But Elinor spoke to the penal
clause la his warning.
"Then Mr. Kent's danger is more real
than he admitted ?" Ehe asked.
"It's real enough, I fancy: more real
for him than it might be for another
man in his place. He is a curious com
bination, is David: keen and sharp
witted and as cold as an icicle in the
planning put, but when It comes to
the infighting he hasn't sense enough
to pound sand, as his New Hampshire
neighbors would Bay."
"I like that side of him best," Penel
ope averred. "Deliver me from a man
of the cold and calculating sort who
Bits on his impulses, sleeps on his in
juries and takes money-revenge for an
insult. Mr. Lorir.g tells a story of a
transplanted Vermonter in South Am
erica. A hot-headed Peruvian called
him a liar and he said: 'Oh, pshaw!
you can't prove it.' " ,
"What a merciless generalizer you
are!" sa5d Ormsby, laughing. "The
man who marries you -ill have his
work cut cut for him If he proposes
to fill the requirements."
"Won't he?" said Penelope. "I can
fancy him sitting up nights to figure
It all out."
They had reached the Tejon avenue
apartmeni-house and to Elinor's
"Won't you come in?" Ormsby said:
"It's pretty late, but I'll smoke a cigar
on the porch if you'll let me."
Penelope took the hammock, but she
kept it only during the first inch c-f
Ormsby's cigar. After her sister had
gone in, Elinor went back to the lapsed
topic.
"I am rather concerned about Mr.
Kent. You described him exactly: and
— well, he is past the planning part and
into the fighting part. Do you think
he will take ordinary precautions?"
"I hope so, I'm sure," rejoined the
amateur chairman. "As his business
manager I am responsible for him,
after a fashion. I was glad to see Lor
ing to-nicht — glad he has come back.
Kent defers to him more than he does
to any one else, and Loring Is a solid,
sober-minded sort."
"Yes," she agreed; "I was glad, too."
After that the talk languished and
the siler.ee was broken only by the dis
tant droning 1 of an electric car, the fizz
and click of the arc light over the
roadway and the occasional dap of one
of the great beetles darting hither and
thither in the glare.
Ormsby was wondering if the lime
was come for the successful exploiting
of an idea which had been growing on
htm steadily for weeks, not to say
months.
It was becoming more and more evi
dent to him that he was not advancing
In the sentimental siege beyond the first
parallel ihrown up so skillfully on the
last night of the westward Journey.
It was not that Elinor was lacking in
loyalty or in acquiescence; she scrupu
lously gave him both as an accepted
suitor. But though he could not put
his finger upon the precise thing sald«
. or done which marked the loosening
of his hold, he knew he was receding
rather than advancing.
Now to a man of expedients the In
terposition of an obstacle suggests only
ways and means fcr overcoming it.
Ormsby had certain clear-cut convic
tions touching the subjugation of
women, and as his stout heart gave
him resolution he lived up to them.
When he spoke again it was of '.he
matter which concerned him most
deeply; and his plea was a gentle rep
etition of many othrrs In the same
strain.
"Elinor. I have waited patiently for a
long time, and I'll go on doing It, if
that is what will come the nearest to
pleasing you. But It would be a pro
digious comfort If I might be counting
the days or the weeks. Are you still
finding it Impossible to set the limit r"
Ehe nedded slowly, and he took the
next step like a man feeling his way
In the dark.
"That Is as large an answer as you
have ever given me, I think. Is there
any Bpeakable reason?"
"You know the reason," she said,
looking away from him.
"I am not sure that I do. Is it be
cause the money-gods have been un
prcpltlous — because these robber bar
ons have looted your railroad?"
"No; that Is only part of It— the
smallest part"
"I hoped so: If you have too little. I
have a good bit too much. But that
corners' It In a way to make me sorry.
I am not keeping my promise to win
what you weren't able to give me at
first."
"Please doot put It that way. If
there be any fault It Is mine. You have
left nothing undone."
Tha man of expedients ran over his
cards reflectively and decided that tha
moment for playing his long suit was
fully eezne.
"Tour goodness of heart excuses me
where I am to blame." he Qualified.
"I am coming to believe that I hava
defeated my own cause.*'
"By being too rood to me?" she
suggested.
"No; by running where I should
h*ve been content to walk; by shack
ling you with a promise, and so In a
certain sense becoming your jaUer.
That la putting It rather clumsily, but
Isn't It true?"
"I had never thought of It in thxt
light," she said unresponslvely.
"You wouldn't, naturally. But the
fact remains. It has' wrenched your
point of view hopelessly aside, don't
you think? I have seen it and felt It
all along, but I haven't had the cour
age of my convictions."
"In what way?" she asked.
"In the only way the thing can be
rtood squarely upon Its feet. It's hard,
desperately hard; and hardest of all
for a man of my peculiar build. I am
no longer what you would call a young
man, Elinor, and I have never learned
to turn back and begin all over again
with any show of heartlneas. They
used to ray of me In the Yacht Club
that If I gained a half length in a
xace I'd hold It If It took the sticks out
of my boat."
"I know," she assented absently.
"Well, it'a the same way now. But
for your sake— or rather for the sake
of my love— I am going to turn back
for once- You are free again, Elinor.
AH I ask Ik that you will let me begin
where I left off somewhere on the road
between her* and Boiton last falL"
of the mid-heart of manliness.
- "I : wish you would tell me one
thing,' Ormsby. Am I responsible for
— for the present Btate of affairs?"
Ormsby stretched the truth a little;
partly for Elinor's sake: more, per
haps, for Kent's.
"You .have done nothing that an
honorable rival— and incidentally a
good friend of mine- — might not do.
Therefore you are not responsible."
"That is. putting it very diplomatic
ally," Kent mused. # "I am afraid it
does not exonerate me wholly." %
"Yes, it does. But It doesn't put
me out of the running, you under
stand. I'm forninsf you yet; rather
more stubbornly than before, I fancy."
Kent nodded.
."That, of course; I should think
less of you If you .were not. And you
shall have as fair a show as you are
giving me — which is saying a lot.
Shall we go and smoke?"
He was a small man physically, with
womanish hands and feet and a beard
less face of that prematurely aged cast
which is oftenest seen In dwarfs arid
precocious Infants; and his distinguish
ing characteristic, the one which stuck
longest in the mind of a chance ac
quaintance or a casual observer, was a
for Its fulfillment. On the Friday,-morn
ing there appeared In the Capital Tri
bune, the Midland City Chronicle, the
Range County Maverick and the Agri
cultural Rurallst able editorials exoner
ating the People's party, its policy and
the executive, and heaping mountains
of obloquy on the name of Duvall.
These editorials were bo similar In tone,
tenor and texture as pointedly to sug
gest a common model— a coincidence
which was not allowed to pass unre
marked by Hlldreth and other, molders
of public opinion on the opposite aide
of the political fence.
But Hlldreth did not pause at gener
alities. Two days after, the Universal's
triumph in the Belmount field the Ar
gus began to "hit it up" boldly toward
the capitol, and two. things came of It.
The first waaan attempt by some par
ty or parties unknown to buy up a con-,
trolling Interest in the Argus. The sec
ond was the waylaying of David Kent
In the lobby of the Clarendon Hotel by
no less a personage than the Hon. Mel
ton Meigs, Attorney General of the
State.
In his first conversation with Ormsby,
Kent had 'spoken of the three leading
spirits of the Junta as from personal
knowledge, but of , the three Bucks,
Hendrlcks and Meigs, the Attorney
General was the least known 'to him.
Prior to his nomination on the State
ticket Meigs had been best known as
the most astute criminal lawyer in the
State, his astuteness lying not so much
In his ability as a pleader as In a cer
tain oratorical gift by which he was
able to convince not only a Jury, but
the public, of the entire Innocence of
his client. ;- -;:
Kent made fitting answers to all
these queries, hung up the ear-piece
and went away moodily reflective; He
was due at a meeting of the executive
committee of the Civic League, . but
he let the public business wait while
he speculated upon the probable ob
ject of Elinor's telephoning him.
Now there is no field In which the
inconsistency of human nature Is so
persistent as In that which Is bounded
by the sentimentally narrowed horizon
of a man in love. With Ormsby at the
nodus of hi3 point of view, David Kent
made no secret of his open rivalry of
the millionaire, declaring his Intention
boldly and taking no shame therefor.
But when he faced about toward Elinor
he found himself growing hotly jealous
for her good faith; careful. and fearful
lest she should say or do something not
strictly in accordance with the letter
and spirit of her obligations as Orms
by'a fiancee.
For example; at the "conspiracy din
ner." as Loring dubbed it, Ormsby be-
It was In the afternoon of the same
day ; that Kent ; found ; a note - in his
key-box at the Clarendon, asking
him to, call up 124 Tejon avenue by
telephone. He did it at once, and
Penelope answered. The key-box
note had been placed ; at Elinor's re
quest, and she. Miss Penelope, could
not say. what ' was wanted; neither
could she say definitely when her sis
ter would : be in. Elinor had gone
out an hour earlier with Mr. Ormsby
and Miss r Van Brock in Mr. Ormsby's
motor-car. When was he, David
Kent, coming up? Did he know; they
were talking of spending the -re
mainder of the summer at Breezeland
Inn? And where was Mr. Loring all
this time?
"I shall name when the, time comes.
Are you ready to go over to: the Ar
gus office with me? I want to have a
three-cornered talk with HUdreth."
"In a minute. I will "Join you In
the lobby If you don't want to wait."
am speaking. quite frankly. That charge
involves the ; reputation of men high
in authority; but; I shall be strong: to
do my ¦worn*- duty" Mr. Kent; I; ask
you. to believe; that." " /;•;,• ;
Kent nodded and .waved him on.
: "You will readily understand the deli
cacy of the task and how, in the nature
of -things,**'- 1 am handicapped _ and
hedged up on every side. Evidence—
of a kind to enable me to assail a popu
lar idol— la exceedingly difficult to pro
cure."
"It is," said Kent, grimly.
"Exactly. But in revolving the mat
ter In my own mind I thought of you.
You are known at ; the capitol. Mr.
Kent, and I may say .throughout the
State, as Hhe uncompromising antago
nist of the State administration. I have
asked myself this: Is it possible that
« cool-headed, resolute attorney like
Mr. David Kent would move bo far and
bo determinedly in this matter of an
tagonism without substantially pavinsr
the ground under his feet with evidence
as he went along?" '..'-.. . • ,
,Kent admitted that It was possible,
but highly improbable.
"So I decided,"; was the smile-tem
pered rejoinder. "In that case It only
remains for me to remind you of your
public duty, Mr. Kent; to ask you in
the name of justice and of the people
o? the State, to place your infornjntion
in the hands of the public prosecutor."
Kent's face betrayed nothing more
than his appreciation of the confidence
reposed in him by the man whose
high sense of official honor was mak
ing Jilm turn traitor to the party/lead
er who had dragged him through a
successful election.
"I have what evidence I need, Mr.
Melgs," he declared. "But if I make
no secret of this, neither do I conceal
the fact that the motive pro bono pub
llco has had little to do with its ac
cumulating. I want Justice first for
•what might be called a purely private
end, and I mean to have It."
. "Precisely." . smiled the Attorney
"I believe, as much as I believe any
thing In this world, that you were mis
taken In regard to your feelings for
the other man," he went on calmly.
"But I want to be sure of that for
"I should still insist on doing it. You
gave me what you could, but I want
more, and I am willing to do what is
necessary to win it."
Again she said: "You are too good
to me," and again he contradicted her.
"No, it Is hardly a question of good
ness; Indeed, I am not sure that it
escapes being selfish. But I am very
much In earnest and I am going to
prove It- Three years ago you met a
man whom you thought you could love
' — don't Interrupt me. please. He was
like some other men we know, he didn't
have the courage of his convictions,
lacking the few dollars which might
have made things more nearly equal.
May I go on?"
"I suppose you have earned the right
to say what you please," was the im
passive reply.
It was tlrt old struggle In which
they were so evenly matched— of the
woman to preserve her poise; of the
man to break It down. Another lover
might have given up In despair, but
Ormsby's strength lay in holding on in
the face of all discouragements.
"I don't deserve It— so much consider
ation I mean," she said; and he made
haste to spare her.
"Yes, you do; you deserve anything
the best man in the world can do for
you, and I'm a good bit short of that."
"But if I don't want you to go back?"
He had gained something— much
more than he knew, and for a tremu
lous instant he was near to losing it
again by a passionate retraction of all
he had been saying. But the cool pur
pose came to his aid In' time.
She sat with clasped hands looking
steadily at the darkened windows of
the opposite house, and he let her take
her own time. When she spoke there
was a thrill In her voice that he had
never heard before.
"Have I dona anything to make yea
think I had thrown common honesty
and self -respect overboard?" he de
manded.
Her answer was another question.
sharp edged and well thrust home.
"Is It any worse to take a bribe thaa
It Is to givo one? You ha-re fust ad
mitted that you are going to buy the
Governor's neutrality, you know."
"I don't see It in that light at aEL"
"The other David Kent would have
seen It. He would have laid: Theaa
men are public criminals. If I can
not bring them to justice I can at least
expose them to the scorn of all rood
men. Therefore I hava no right te
bargain with them."
Kent was silent for a Ions time.
When he spoke It was to Bay:
"Why have you done this. EUnorT*
"Because I had to, David. Could X
do less?"
"I suppose not. It's In tha blood-
In your blood and mine. Other folk
call it the Puritan virus of orer
righteousness and scoff at It I don't
know, sometimes I think they have tha
best of the argument." .
"I can't believe you ara quite sincere
when you say that." she asserted.
"Yes. I am. One cannot compromise
with conscience: that says Itself. But
I have come to believe latterly that
one's conscience may be morbidly
acute, or even diseased. 111 admit I'va
been taking treatment."
"That sounds very dreadful," aha re
joined.
"It does, doesn't it? Yet It had to be
done. As I intimated a few minutes
ago, my life has hitherto been a sort
of unostentatious failure. I used to
think It was because I. was outclassed:
I know nbw It has been because J
wouldn't do as other men do. It has
been a rather heart-breaking process
—to rort out the scruples,' admitting
the Just and overriding the others— but
I have been given to see that it is the
price of success." "
"I want you to succeed." she said.
"Pardon me; I don't think you de,
He answered her in all serleourasaa.
"They say every man has hlj price t
mine is higher than any bid they hav*
yet made — or can make. I hop*"
"Why don't you let them brO*
you?" she asked coolly. "Is It be
cause It Is Inexpedient — because there
la more 'success' the other way?**
He tried to emulate her coolness
and made a failure of it.
"David Kent, are there any circum
stances in which you would acc«pt *
bribe?"
"You mean you are going te take
our railroad away from tha** m»a
who have stolen It?"
"That is what I mean."
"And you will do it by thmtanfo*
to expose them?"
"I shall tell Governor Bucks what 1
know about the oil field deal, essurlnjr
him that I shall publlsn tha fact* lr
he doesn't let the law take Its com*
In ousting Judge MacFarlana and the
receiver."
? She rose and stood before h*rn.
leaning against one of the vine cl*4
porch pillars with her hands behind
her.
"That is It; you have riven It ft
came — its only true name — failure.*'
"But I am not going to faiL"
"You are in duty bound to try tc
make this one understand, don't you
think? You spoke of a danger whti'h
wus not the violent kind, such as Lor
}ng fears. What is it?"
"You have had two whole days."
she rejoined. "Haven't you discovered
it?"
"I haven't found anything t» fear
but failure," was his reply.
"I wish I knew how to make you
understand," she returned: anJ then:
"I could have made the other David
Ifent understand."
He smiled rather Joylessly.
"Somebody has said that for every
new point of view gained we have to
sacrifice all the treasures of the old. I
am sorry if I am disappointing you."
"I don't know that you are. And
yet, when you were sitting at Mlsa
Van Brock's table the other evening
telling us about your experlenca with
tha politicians I kept sayln? to my
self that I didn't know you — that I
had never known you."
"I wish I knew Just how to taka
tbot." he said dubiously.
"I am rot r that I like you better
for your having discovered yourself. I
liked the other David Kent."
"I don't know how you measure suc
cess; it Is a word of so many, many
meanings. But I think you are your
own severest critic."
"That may be, but the fact remains.
It Is only within the past few months
that I have begun to get a true ink
ling of things: to Y, — ' for * -ample,
that opportunities ar* - thing* to be
compelled — rot waited for."
She was looking away from him
again.
"Very little, indeed. ; But it ia only
your askings that have been lacking—
not his good will."
"That was said like the David Kent
I nsed to know. Are you really quits
the same?"
"I hope not," he protested gravely.
"People used to eay of me that I ma
tured late and year by year as I look
back I can see that it was a true Bay
ing. I have done some desperately
boyish things since I was a man
grown; things that make me tingle
whe" I recall them."
"Like wasting a whole summer ex
ploring Mount Croydon with a— a
somebody who did not mature late?"
"No, I wasn't counting that among
my lapses. An older man than I ever
hope to be might find excuses for the
Croydon summer. I meant In other
ways. For one thing, I have craved
success as I think few men have ever
craved it; and yet my plowlngs In that
field have been ill-timed and boyish to
a. degree."
She shook her head.
Later the ex-manager confessed to a
desire for music— Penelope's music—
and the twain went into the sitting
room and the piano, leaving Elinor
and Kent to make the beat of each
other as the spirit moved them.
It was Elinor's chance for tree speech
with Kent— the opportunity she had
craved. But now it was corr.e the sim
plicity of the thing to be said had de
parted and an embarrassing complex
ity had taken its place. Under other
conditions Kent would have been quick
to see. her difficulty and would have
made haste to efface it. 'but he was
fresh from the interview with Mrs.
Brentwood, and the Parthian arrow
was still rankling. None the less, he
was the first to break away from the
commonplaces.
""What is the matter with us this
evening?" he queried. "We have been
sitting here talking the vaguest trlv :
lalltles ever since Penelope and Loring
side-tracked us. I haven't been doing
anything I am ashamed of; hava
you?"
"Yes." she confessed, looking away
from him.
"What is it?"
"I asked a certain good friend of
mine to come to see me when there Is
good reason to believe he didn't want
to come."
"What makes you think ha didn't
want to come?"
"Why— I don't know; did he?" Sh»
had turned upon him swiftly with an
outflash of the playful daring which
had been one of hla major fettering*
in time past— the ecstatic little, charm
that goes with quick reparteo and in
stant and sympathetic apprehension.
"You have never yet asked anything
of him that he wasn't glad enough to
give," he rejoined, keeping up tha third
person figurative.
"Is that saying very much— or very
little?"
porch was chiefly of Breezeland Inn as
a health and pleasure resort, until an
outbound electric car stopped at the
corner below and Loring carae up to
make a quartet of the trio behind tha
vine-covered trellis.
THE /; S ANi FRANGISGOr SUNDAY- GALL.Of sweet regret! but no fond line of light
Footsteps that fell like music; of the curl '
Dazzling above her pale cheek, voice of birds,
Of tender beauties lost, charms earthly bright;
Whether her month was like a 1 flower sprung
In May— they only say that she was young I
Whether by Love her virtues were possest
Or breathed she hidden /from; divining eyes;
The pride of 1 household hearts or dear alone
In humble beauty to a single breast;
Whether the wiiulless vales of Paradise-— ,'j
Fairer than fields she never more ; shall , roam— '.
Hold her, 5 a wistful heart, a viol unstrung! :
We '' dream— they only say ; that she died young!
ETHEL LOUISE COX, New York Times.
I.— IREJfE GATHERING FLOWERS.
„ Come, Ixrv«, and pluck the violets while we
Are like morn's dewy flowers, fresh and j free.
That lift their smiles and blushes to the Spring,
Come, sit beside the shallow brook and sing,
Where flitting fish leap up the current bright
'And bending rushes glisten in the light. ;
A rose. bloomed yeister morn, sister to, thee,
Wooed by the breeze and butterfly "and bee —
Ah, thy careless, radiant eyes uplift !
; See how^ tfie rose leaves show* r in dazzling drift !
. Time lores not youth, nor rose, nor i thy, fair face, .
Nor laughter gny, nor young May's jocund grace!-
EL— "ET EGO IN ARCADIA VIXI."
Bine violeta blow above here, and the merle
Sings o'er her head. Here runs her name .with words
MmdenKood
This paper weapon was the centering
point of the struggle which had now
lasted for nearly a fortnight. So long
as the weapon was his to use or to cast
away the outcome of the moral con
flict hung in the balance. But now he
was emerging from the night wander
ings amtfng the tombs of the undecided.
"I can't give it up; there is too much
at' stake," :. he ; muttered as he trudged
heavily 'back to. the hotel. -And before
he went < above stairs he asked the
young woman at the - house telephone
exchange to ascertain If Governor
Bucks were In his office at the capltol
and If bo. If he were likely to remain
there for an hour.
When he reached his rooms he flung
th packet of papers on the
table and went to freshen himself with
a bath. That ". which lay before him
called -for fitness, 1 mental and physical,
and cold sanity. In ,• other things of
stress, as Just before a critical hour In
court, the tub and
the cold plunge had
been his fillip where
other men resorted
to the bottle.
¦'. He was struggling;
into clean linen and
the packet was still
lying where. he had
.tossed it on enter
ing when a bellboy
came up with \a
card. Kent read the
name with a ghost
of a smile relaxing
the care-drawn
lines ' about his
mouth. There are
times when a man's
fate rushes to meet
him, and. he had
fallen upon one of
them., ,.
•'Show him tip',**
was the brief direc
tion; and when . the
door of the elevator
cage clacked again
Kent was
His visitor was a
man of heroic pro-
¦ "Or think up some other scheme;
some plan which doesn't involve a sur
render, on my part of common decency
and self-respect."
"Yes," she retorted. "I suppose you
have the other plan all' wrought out
and ready to drop into place?"
"No, I haven't," he admitted reluc
tantly, a
"But at least you have some notion
of what it is going to be?"
"No.".
She was pacing back and forth .in
front of his chair in a way that was al
most roan-like; but her contemptuous
impatience made ; her dangerously
beautif uL Suddenly she stopped and
turned upon him and there were sharp
claws in the kitten-buff etings.
"Do you know you are s polling a fu
ture that most 'men would hesitate to
throw away?" she asked. "Whll© you
have been- a man of one Idea in -this
railroad affair, we haven't been idle—
your newspaper and political friends,
and Ormsby and I. You are ambitious;
tydu'wantto succeed; and we have been
laying the foundations, for you. The
next election would give you anything
in the gift of the State that a man of
ycrur years could aspire to. Have you
known this?" . .
",'Thave guessed it," he said, quite
humbly.' ' . -
"Of course you have.' But It has all
been contingent upon . one thing; you
were. to crush the grafters in this rail
road struggle — show them up— and
climb to distinction yourself on the
ladder from which you had shaken
them. It'mlght have been done; it
was in a fair way to be done. And
now you turn back and leave the plaw
in the furrow."
There was more of a like quality— a
good bit more; some of it regretful; all
of it pungent' and logical from Miss
.Van Brock's point of view; and Kent
.was no rock not to be moved by the
small tempest of disappointed vicarious
ambition. Wherefore he escaped when
he could, though only. to. begin tbe eth-.
"leal fight all over again; to fight, and
to_wander among the , tomba .in , the *val- ,
ley of indecision for a week and a day.
.eight miserable twir lings of. the earth
in space,* during which Interval he was
Invisible to his friends and Innocuous
to his enemies. •- .
On the morning of the ninth day
Editor Hildreth telephoned Miss Van
Brock to ask if she knew where
Kent ' could be found. The answer was
a rather: anxious '¦ negative; though
the query could have been - answered
affirmatively by the conductor and
motorman of . an early morning
electric car which ran to . the i farthest
outskirts of the eastern suburb of the
city. " Following ¦ a boyish habit he had
never fully outgrown, . Kent had | once
more taken his problem to the open,
and the hour after luncheon time found
him plodding wearily back to the end
of the car line, Jaded, dusty and stiff
from much . tramping of the brown
plain, but with the long duel finally
fought out to some despairing con
clusion.
The City Hall clock was upon the
stroke of three when the Inbound trol
ley car landed him in front of the
Clarendon. * It was a measure of his
purposeful abstraction that he went on
around the corner to the Security
Bank, dusty and unpresentable as he
was, and transferred the packet of in
criminating affidavits from the safety
deposit box to his pocket before going
to his rooms in the hotel.
gineer Scott. "And "you might say a
man and a brother."
CHAPTER XXIV.
• Into the Primitive.
Tested upon purely diplomatic prin
ciples; Miss Van Brock's temper was
little less than angelic, exhibiting itself
under provocation only in guarded pin
pricks of sarcasm, or in small sharp
clawed kitten-buff etings of. repartee.
But she was at no pains to conceal her
scornful . disappointment when David
Kent made known his doubts concern
in* his moral right to use the weapon
he had so skillfully forged.:
He delayed the Inevitable confession
to Portia until he had told Loring; and
In making it he did not tell Miss Van
Brock to whom he owed the sudden
change in the point of view. But Portia
would have greatly discredited her gift
of insight if she had not instantly re
duced the problem to its lowest terms.
. r "Ypu have been asking Miss Brent
wood to lend • you her conscience, and ¦
she has . done It,", was the form in
which she - stated the fact. And when
Kent did not >. deny it: "You' lack at
least Tone 'quality of greatness, David;
you sway too easily." /
. "No, I don't!" he protested. "I am as
obstinate as a mule. Ask Orxnsby . or
Loring.- But the logic of ; the thing is
blankly unanswerable. I can either get
down to the , dirty- level of these high
binders—fight the 'deVil with a brand
taken out of his own flre; or — "
"Or what?" 1 she asked. .
"What d ye calc'late the major will
do about It?" said Brodrlck. In the
roundhouse conclave held daily by the
trainmen who were hung up or oft
duty. "Will he listen to reason" and
give us a sure-enough railroad man or
two at the top?"
"Not in eln t'ousand year," quoth
"Dutch" Tiacher, Callahan's alternate
on the fast mall. "Haf you not de
Arkoos been reading? It is bolotics
from der beginning to der ent; mlt der
Governor vorwarts."
"Then I am tellln' you-all right now
there's goin' to be a heap o* trouble,"
drawled "Pike County" Grlggs, the
oldest engineer on the line. "The shop
men are b'illn'; and if the major puts
on that blanket cut In wages he's talk
in' about—"
" 'If,' " broke in Callahan, with fine
¦corn. ". 'Tls slaplng on yer injuries
ye . are, ; Mlsther Grlggs. The notice Is
out; 'twas posted in the shops this
day."
"Then that Hetties it," Bald Grlggs,
gloomily. "When does it take hold?"
"The first day a v the month to come.
An' they're telling me it catches every
body, . down to the mlsslnger b'ys in
the of-ces."
Grlggs got upon his fwt, yawning
and stretching before he dropped back
Into his corner of
the wooden settle. •
"You lissen > at
me; if that's the
fact rm teliin' you
all that every wheel
on this . blamed
hoodooed railroad is
goin' to stop turn-
In' at 12 o'clock on
the night before
that notice takes
hold."
An oil-begrimed
wiper crawled from
under the 101, spat
at the dope bucket
and flung his bunch
of waste therein.
"Gur-r-r! Let 'em
atop," h* rasped.
"The dope's bad and
the waste's bad;
and the old man
has cut out the'lec
trlcs. and put us
back _ on them,"
kicking a. small
Jacket , lamp to the
bottom of «.n empty
stall. • "Give 'a a
First it was Hank Brodrick, who
misread his orders and. piled two
freights In a mountain of wreckage in
the deep cut between Long Pine and
Argenta. Next it was an overworked
night man who lost his head and
cranked a switch over in front of the
west-bound flyer, laying the .1020 on
her side in the ditch, with the postal
and the baggage car neatly telescoped
on top to hold her down.
Two days later it was Patsy Calla
han; and though he escaped with his
life and his Job it was a close call.
He was chasing a time freight with
the fast mail, and the freight was
taking the siding at Delhi to let
him pass. One of the red tail-lights
of the freight had gone out,
and Callahan mistook the other for the
target. lamp of the second switch. He
had time to yell at his fireman, to fling
himself upon the throttle-bar and to
set the airbrake before he began to
turn Irish handsprings down the em
bankment; but the wrecking crew
camped two whole days at Delhi gath
ering up the debris. '
It was well on in the summer, when
the two divisions, east and west, were
strewn with wreckage and the _ pit
tracks In the shops and? shop yard were
filled to overflowing with crippled en
gines, that the insurrectionaries began
to gather in their respective labor
groups to discuss the growing hazards
of railroading ' on the Transwestern.
The outcome was a protest from the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers,
addressed to the receiver in the name
of the organization, setting forth in
plain terms the grievance of the
members, and charging it bluntly
to bad management. This was
followed immediately by similar
complaints from the trainmen, the
telegraphers, and the firemen; all
praying for relief from the Incubus
of Incompetent leadership. Not to be
behind these, came the Amalgamated
Machinists, demanding an increase of
pay for night work and overtime; and
last, but not least, an intimation went
forth from the Federative Council of
all these labor unions hinting at possi
ble political consequences and the
alienation of the labor vote If the
abuses were not corrected. •' ;-
But later, when the incompetence of
the new officials became the mocking
gibe of service, and the cut-rate
avalanche of traffic had doubled all
men's tasks, the flames arose higher^
and out of the smoke of them loomed
the shape of the dread demon of de
moralization.
The American railroad in its uncon
solidated stage is a modern feudalism.
Its suzerains are the president and
board of directors; its clan chiefs are
the men who have built It and fought
for Its footing in the sharply contested
field of competition. To these leaders
the rank and file is loyal, as loyalty
is accorded to the men who build and
do, rather than to their successors who
inherit and tear down. Add to this
the supplanting of competent executive
officers by a staff of political trencher
men, ignorant alike of the science of
railroading, and the equally important
sub-science of Industrial man-han
dling, and you have the kindling for
the fire of insurrection which had been
slowly; smoldering in the Transwest
ern service since the t3ay when Major
Guilford had Issued his general order
number one.
At first the flre had burned fitfully,
eating its way into the small econo
mies; as when the section hands pelt
stray dogs with new spikes from the
stock keg, and careless freight crews
seed down the right of way with cast
off links and pins; when engineers
pour oil where it should be dropped,
and firemen feed the stack instead of
the steam dome.
When the Receiver Guilfords. great
and small, set their official guillotines
at work lopping on* department heads,
they commonly ignore a consequence
overlooked by many; namely, the pos
sible effect of such wholesale. changes
in leadership upon the rank and file...
Tlie Insurrcctionnries.
CHAPTER XX11I.
may be right;. I am afraid you are
right. But I shall have to fight it out
for myself. There are many thing? to
consider. If I hold my hand these
buccaneers will triumph over the
stockholders, and a host of innocent
people will suffer loss." Then, seeing
the quick-springing tears in her eyes;
"but you mustn't be sorry for having
done what you had to do; you have
nothing to reproach yourself for."
"Oh, but I have!" she said; and so
they parted.
' ."Come off!" warned M'Tosh; "he'll
hear you\" And ; when Loring came
back with .the cigars there was dry
humor in his eye. r ' • -
"You mustn't let your loyalty to the
old guard get you into trouble with
the receiver," he cautioned; and they
both smiled.; v :; :
"The trouble hasn't waited for our
bringing,", said M'Tosh; "That is why
we are here.;; Durgan has« soured; on
his job, and I'm more '- than sick of
mine. It's hell, . Mr;-; Loring- I have
been at it twenty years, and I never
saw such crazy railroading in any one
of them."
"Bad management/ you mean?"
"Bad management at the top, and
rotten demoralization at the bottom as
a natural consequence. , We ; can't be
sure of getting a train out of the yards
without accident. Dixon is as careful
a man as ever stepped on an engine,
and he smashed a farmer's .wagon and
killed the farmer ;thi3 morning within
two train-lengths of "the shop junc
tion."
"Drunk?" inquired the ex-manager.
"Never a drop; Dlxon's ' a Prohibi
tionist, dyed in the wool. But just be
fore he took his train, Halkett had him
in the sweat-box, jacking him up for
not making his time. He came . out
red in the face, Jumped on his engine,
and yanked the Flyer down the yards
forty miles an hour.".
VAnd what is your trouble, Durgan?"
asked Loring.
: "Another side of the same thing.. I
wrote Major Guilford yesterday, tell
ing him that six pit gangs, all the
roundhouse 'emergencies' and two out
door repair squads couldn't begin - ; to
keep the cripples moving; and within a
week every one of the labor unions has
kicked through its grievance ¦ commlt
t§e.\ His reply is an" order announc
ing a blanket cut in wages, to go into
effect the -first of the. month. That
means a strike and a general tie-up."
Loring shook his head regretfully.
"It hurts me," he admitted.- "We had
the best-handled piece ; of railroad In
the West, and I give credit to the men
that did the handling. And, to, have* It
wrecked by a gang of incompetent sal
ary-grabbers — * N '
The two left-overs nodded.
"That's Just it, Mr. Loring," said
M'Tosh. "And we're here to" ask you
if it's worth while . for us to stick to
the wreck any longer. Are you folks
doing anything?"
"We have been trying all legal
means to break the grip of the com
bination—yes." " *¦ :
"And what are the prospects?'? It
was the master mechanic ' who wanted
t6 knowJ v S
"They are not very bright at pres
ent, I must confess. We have the entire
political, ring ; to fight, and the odds. are
overwhelming:."
"You say you've been trying 'legal
means,' ". M'Tosh put in. "Can't we
down them some other way? /I believe
you could safely count on 'the help of
every, man in the service, barring the
politicals." ;
Loring smiled.
"I don't say we should scruple to
use force if there were any , way to
apply: It. But the .way doesn't offer."
"I didn't know," said the trainmas
ter, rising • to close the interview. "But
if the time ever comes, all you or Mr.
Kent will have - to do will be to pass
the word. Maybe you can think ; of
some way to use the strike. , It hasn't
been declared yet, but you can bet ' on
it to a -'dead moral certainty." V ,
It • was late in the ! afternoon ,. of the
same day . that the Council"
sent;its committee, chairmaned .by. En- '
rgii*eer*ficottr to -Intervie w 1 the t ex- gen-t
er£l,manager at his rooms in the Clar- 1
endon. ' Scott . acted as spokesman,
stating, the case with admirable' brev
ity^ and -conciseness, and asking the
same question, as that propounded by
the trainmaster, to wit: if ..there were
any ? prospect of a return of the . road
to its former management.
Loring .spoke more hopefully, to the
committee than he had to Durgan and
M'Tosh. There had been a little more
time for reflection, and . there* was | the
heartening which comes upon the heels
of unsolicited helptenderings, however
futile. He told the men that the stock
houlders were A moving , heaven and
earth in the 'effort •*. to recover their
property; that - until the road should
be actually sold under an order from
the court, there was always room for
hope. The committee might „ rest as
sured that no stone would be left un
turned ; also that the good will of the
rank and file would not be forgotten in
the day of restitution, if that day
should ever dawn. > .
When Loring was through, Engineer
Scott did a thing no union man had
ever done before: he asked. an ex-gen
eral manager's advice touching the ad-,
visabllity of a strike.
"I can't say as to that," was the
prompt reply. "You know your own
business best-^what" it will cost, and
what it may accomplish. But I've
been on the other side often enough
to be able to tell you why most strikes
fail, if you care to know."..'
A broad grin ran the gamut of the
committee.
"Tell us what to do and we'll do It,
Mr. Lorinfj," said 'Scott,* brftffly.
"First, then, have a, definite object
and one that will stand the test of
public opinion; in this case we'll say It
is the maintenance of the present wage
scale and the removal of the incompe
tent officers and men. Secondly, make
your protest absolutely unanimous to
a man. Thirdly, don't give the major
time to fortify; " keep ; your; own coun
sels, and don'J send In your -ultimatum
until the finals moment. And, lastly,
shun violence as you would a tempta
tion of the devil."
"Ton's a man," said Angus Duncan,
the member from: the Amalgamated
Machinists, when ; the i committe was
filing out through the hotel corridor.
"Now you're shouting!": said En-
"Surely. My time is not very valua
ble, Just at present Come in, and I'll
see if Mr. Kent has left me any cigars."
"Humph!", said Durgan, when the
ex-manager had gone into Kent's room
to rummage for the. smoke offering.
"And they : give us the major in the
place of such a man as that!" with a
Jerk of his thumb toward the door of
the bedroom.
The wiper was killing time at a win
dow which comanded a view of the
upper yards, with the Union passenger
statioA at the end. of. the three-mile
vista. Being a late corner In the field,
the Transwestern had scanty track
rights in the upper yard; Its local
headquarters were In, the shops sub
urb, where the two' division main lines
proper began and -ended, diverging,
the one to the eastward and the other
to the west.
"Holy smut!"- said the wiper. "See
Dicky Dixon comln' out with the flyer!
How's that for ten miles an hour in
the city limits?" .
I It was a foot note commentary on
the way the service was ; going to
pieces. Halkett, the "political" gen
eral superintendent,- had called Dixon
on the carpet for not making, time with
his train. "If you're afraid to run, say
so, and we'll get a man ; that Isn't,"
Halkett had said; and here was Dixon
coming down a borrowed track in a
busy yard at .the ' speed .which presup-v
poses a ninety-pound rail and nothing
in the way. ., ? ;^
. The Iconclaje Jiad ;, gathered;! at >iti&i
wiper's iwindow.- •'. ¦'¦'¦¦ .fT' "~
"The dum fool!", said Brodrick. '¦"If
anything gets in front of him—!,'';
There was" a suburb' street crossing
three hundred yards "town ward* from
the "yard limits" telegraph' office,
which stood in the angle formed j by
the diverging tracks of the two. divi
sions. Beyond the yard the street be
came a country road, well traveled as
the principal southern inlet to the
city. When Dixon was within £ two
train lengths of the crossing,' a (arm
v/agon appeared, driven i between the
cut freight trains on the sidings direct
ly in the path of the flyer. The men
at the round-house window heard the
crash of the splintering wagon- above
the roar of the train; and the wiper
on the window seat yelped like a
kicked dog and went sickly green un
der his mask of grime.
"There it is again," said Scott,- when
Dixon had brought his, train to a stand
two hundred yards beyond the "lim
its" office where he should have
stopped for orders. "We're all hoo
dooed, the last one of us. I'll get that
committee together this afternoon and
go and buzz Mr. Loring.":
» Now it fell out that these things hap
pened on a day when the tide of re
trieval was at its lowest ebb; the day,
namely, in which Kent had told Loring
that he was undecided as to his moral
right to use the evidence against Bucks
as a lever to pry the Transwestern
out of the grip of the junta. It befell,
also, that it was the day chosen by two
other men, not members of the labor
unions,, in which to call upon the ex
manager; and Loring found M'Tosh,
the trainmaster, and Durgan, the mas
ter mechanic, waiting for him In the
hotel corridor when he came In from
a late luncheon at the Camelot Club.
"Can you give us a few minutes, Mr.
Loring?" asked M'Tosh, when Loring
had shaken hands with them, not as
subordinates. . '.• -.•¦;! ¦'¦¦'*¦" .<\ ; -
"There's a notion for you, Scott," said
Broderick. Scott was the presiding of
ficer in the B. of L. E. local. "Get. up
a committee from the Federative to go
and ask Mr. Loring if tliere's any use
in our tryin' to hold on.'.'
. "He's here; and. so. is Mr. Loring.
They're stopping at the Clarendon,"
said Brodrick. , , • • '
"Then they haven't- quit," drawled
Grlggs, adding: "I wonder if they
have a ghost of a show : against the
politicals?" * ...r : ::
"Has • anybody been to see *«n?"
asked Callahan.
Brodrick laughed.
"If you see it in the, papers, it's so,"
he quoted. "What the Argus doesn't
say would make a 'nough sight bigger
book than what it does. But I've been
kind o' watchin' that man Kent. He's
been hot after the major, right from
the jump. You rec'lecfwhat he said
in them Civic League talks o' his;
said these politicians had' stole the
road, hide, hair anV horns."
"I'm onto him,", said Callahan.
"'Tis a bird he is. Oleson was telling
me. . The Scandehoovian was thryin'
to get him down to Gaston the day
they ray-ceivered us. "Jarl says he
wint a mile a ,mlnut',> an' the little
man never Jurned a hair." '
"Is he here yet; or did he go back
to God's country?" asked Engineer
Scott, leaning from the cab window
of the 1031. * . ......
"No prospects o' the Boston folks
getting .the road; back again. I reck
on,", he remarked tentatively/
"You should read . dose Arkoos
newsbupers; den you ; should know
somet'ings alretty, ain'd it?" said
Tischer. ' -.;.
At the mention of Loring's name
Griggs looked up from the stick he
was whittling. .". •¦
¦ "He's wit' himself, as a master me
chanic shu'd 6e," said Callahan. "So's
M'Tosh. But nayther wan n'r t'other
av thim'll take a thrain out whin the
strike's on. They're both Loring min."
chaw o* your smokin' -plug, Mr. Calla
han," and he held out ' his hand.
Callahan emptied the hot ashes
from his. black pipe into the open
palm. •
"'Tis what ye get fr yer ; impidunce
an' f'r lay in' tongue to ould man Dur
gan, ye scut. 'Tis none av his doin's
—the dhirty oil an' the chape waste
an/ the jacket lamps. It's ay-conomy,
me son; an' the other name f'r that
is a rayceiver."
"Is Durgan with us?" asked Brod
rick. ¦
.."I don't know. I hadn't thought
much about the advisable phase of it."
"Well, the time has come when
you've got it to do," was the low toned
threat.
"Don't you think It had better be?"
•"I had hoped you were in the mar
ket," he demurred. "It would be bet
ter, for all concerned if you had-'some
thing to sell, . with a price attached.
I know what you have been doing and
what you think you have got hold of.
It's a tissue of mistakes and false
hoods and backbiting from beginning
to end, but it may serve your purpose
with the newspapers. I want to buy
that package of stuff you've got
stowed away in the Security vaults.**
The Governor's chair was on one
side of the writing table and Kent's
was on the other. In plain sight be
tween the two men lay the packet
Bucks was willing to bargain for. It
was Inclosed In a. box envelope, bear-
Ing the imprint of the Security Bank.
Kent was looking steadily away from
the table when he said:
"What If I say it isn't for sale?"
"I told your Attorney General som^
time ago what r wanted and he did
not see fit to grant it." Kent respond
ed. "I,am not sure that I want any
thing now— anything you can have to
offer." This was not at all what ho
had intended to say, but the presence
of the adversary was breeding a stub
born antagonism that was more po
tent on the moral side than all the
prickings of conscience.
The yellow-lidded eyes of the Gov
ernor began to close down and the
look came into them which had been
there when he denied a pardon to a
widow pleading for the life of her
convicted son.
"I came up to see what you want —
what you will take to quit," he an
nounced, crossing his legs and lock
ing the huge ham-like hands over his
knee. "That Is putting: it rather ab
ruptly," but business is business, and
we can dispense with the prelimi
naries, I take it."
portions; a large man, a little breathed,
as it seemed, by the swift upward rush
of .the elevator. Kent admitted him
with a nod, and the Governor planted
himself heavily in a chair and begged
a light for his cigar. In the match
passing he gathered his spent breath
arid declared his errand.
"I think we have a little score to set
tle between ua as man to man, Kent,"
he began, when Kent had clipped the
end from his own cigar and lighted it
in stolid silence. •
"Possibly; that Is for you to say,"
was the unencouraging reply.
Bucks . rose deliberately, walked to
the bathroom door and looked beyond
it Into the bedroom.
"We are quite alone, if that is what
you want to make sure of." said Kent
in the same indifferent tone, and the
Governor came back and resumed his
chair.
"Xo," he said, shortly; but he Im
mediately cualified the denial. "You
"Xo^yes — I don't know. I — it
seems very clear to me; but I want
it to seem clear to you. Doesn't your
conscience tell you that you ought
to turn back?" ¦
'Didn't vou mean to convince me?"
"I don't know; nothing that I had
meant to do. It was a false start and
I am back under the wire again."
"But you must not turn back un
less you are fully convinced of the
wrong of going on ?" she protested.
You have reopened the door to doubt,
and if I admit the doubt A shall fall."
The sonata Penelope was playing
was approaching its finale, and Elinor
was suddenly shaken with a trembling
fit of fear — the fear of consequences
which micht involve this man's entire
future. She knew Kent was leaning
on her, and she saw herself as one who
has ruthlessly thrust an iron bar
amenj the wheels of a delicate me
chanism. Who was she to be his
conscience-keeper— to stand in the
way and bid him go back? Were
her own motives always so ex
alted? Had she not once deliber
ately debated this same question
of expediency, to the utter abasement
of her own Ideals?
Penelope had left the piano, and Lor
ing was looking at his watch. Kent
saw them throuch the open window
and got upon his feet.
"Grar.tham is saying he had no idea
it was so late," he hazarded. "If I
thank you for what you have said I
am afraid it must be as the patient
thanks the surgeon for the knife
stroke which leaves him a cripple for
life."
It was the one word needed to break
her resolution.
"Oh, forget it; please forget it!" she
paid. "I had no right . . You are
doine a -man's wbrk in the world, and
it must be done In a man's way. If I
cannot help, you must not let me hin
der. If you let anything I have said
discourage you I shall never cease re
gretting it_"
His Emile was a mere indrawing of
the lips. «
"Having opened the door, you
would not try to shut it again, would
you? How like a man! But I am
afraid it can't be done. I had been
trying to keep away from that noint
of view There is much
to be said on both sides. There was
a time when I wouldn't have gone
into such a thing as this fight with the
Junta; but being in, I should have
seen it through regardless of the pub
lic welfare — ignoring that side of it
I can't do It now; you have shown
me that I can't."
"But I don't want to be a stum
bling block," she insisted. "Won't you
believe that I wanted to help?"
"I believe that your motive was all
it should be; yes. But the result la
the same."
Loring and Penelope were coming
out. and the end of their privacy was
at hand.
"What will you do?" she asked.
(Concluded Next Sunday.)
THE SAN>; ? FRANCISCO, SUNDAY GALL.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
This above alh To thine own self be
true.
And it will follow, as the night the
day.
Thou canst not then be false to any
man.
¦ '- —SHAKESPEARE.
The one store
that advertises
FACTS
What you read in our
ad yon will find in our
store.
La Bonita
(THE GENUINE)
The corset that made San
Francisco women famous for
their perfect forms.
Circular cut, hand-gored,
aluminoid boning. Rust proof
and unbreakable, medium and
low bust, dip hip, military
straight front, steel with two
clasps at the lower end of the
steels, double set of hose sup-
porters attached; abdominal re-
ducing, also hip reducing. They
are made of XX Coutil in pink,
blue, black, white and drab;
made same as picture; each pair
stamped La Bonita inside; 365
pairs in all. We cannot warrant
that the, quantity will last all
day, so be prompt if you want
one. To introduce these to our
patrons the manufacturer gave
us a liberal rebate. His loss
your opportunity to get these
for
inC ROSENBERG
l| II I The Home of
¦¦ Figure-Building Corsets
816 Market St. II OTarrell St.
EXPERT FITTERS IN
ATTENDANCE.
See Announcement
Next Sunday.
THE
SUNDAY
CALL
OFFERS =
EACH WEEK
; FOR THE BEST
LOCAL
FICTION
See Announcement
Next Sunday.IT was a red hot night for news,
says a writer in the Chicago Times-
Herald. One after another all the
¦tar members of the staff had been
Bent out 'on assignments until the city
room was practically, vacant. A rough,
uncouth, queer looking person saun
tered in and asked for '_ a Job. The
city editor of the Cincinnati Enquirer
told fnlm there was nothing -for him
and timed to; answer the telephone.
Over the wire came the information
that evidences, of .a, murder, had been
discovered at the city gas works. The
caller- was just shuffling out of the
room - when the city: editor hung up
the" receiver and t called ? out. VWait : . a
minute! Go '. out to the city gas
works "and % see what Is ' the * matter
there. Come back as soon as you can."
"^ The stranger was' back again within
an : hour. "It's a murder," ¦ he said,
The Bobbs-Merrlll Company ; brings
out : two books f orfchlldren which seem
to flll nearly v every requirement Bert
Leston ¦ Taylor, : whose "Lliie-6-Type ; or
Two" on"' one* of Chicago's papers was
for, several \ years ; a source of i laughter
the country round,^ has -turned 'his com
ic vein into.axhannel for, children with
"The Well in the Wood."':. This hai^ to
narrate,* the storyjof a' little ; girl who
finds In the woods companions the most
delightful. ¦ The -Laziest .Beaver, 'the
Rabbit Who AVIggles His Nose and a
score other forest creatures make life
merry for the little stranger from peo v 
pleland.' Fanny Y. .' Corey contribute*
the; illustrations, delicately drawn and
colored. , ¦ ." . „
"Fantasma\ Land" by? Charles Ray
mond/ 'Macauley^ embodies a similar
idea;; «ave Uhatv In \:. the "\ magic
where young Dickey, finds" himself v there
are. such;- beings .as th e^Jlbjaub,'' the
GlubdubAand : Gilgoyle— all interesting
NOTES
On Tilings Bookish
A book which must prove most btlp
ful to mothers and children who find
garden life fascinating Is Louise Klein
Miller's "Children's Gardens." In this
little manual, plentifully illustrated,
the author seeks to point out the best
way for young folks to plant and tend
a garden plat or vegetable . patch by
giving a comprehensive glossary of the
most effective wild and' cultivated
plants and shrubs, advising unon fer
tilizers and cultivation, and citing
cures for the eradication of Insect pests.
Co-operative . gardening as a part of
school work occupies a snare of tha
author's attention.- A simple classifi
cation of trees and flowering plants
makes a valuable Index.
;<D. Appleton & Co., New Tork; illus
trated.)
with, the ' quaint antiquarian bit,
"Letters Prom a Portuguese Nun,"
•which Breritano's of New York , have
just brought out in exact duplication
of the English edition of 1817. This,
the first American edition of a book
that was famous with the ; lovers of
two centuries back, will probably not
be ao moving to the modern heart as
to the : romantic one - of '. long: ago, but
the reading of - it brings up, as* in 1 a
picture, all of tha : exaggerated «entl
mentalism of the. romance day* when
lovers sighed over " lutes ; beneath ~ la
dies' bowers and the tender passion
melted the heart to a limply gelatin
ous state. )
. According, to the j overburdened . and
stilted; "historical introduction" to
these letters, '.which is reproduced'ver
batim in the present edition from that
of 1817, 'Marianne,' the 1 Portuguese nun
in Question," lived r in -the ' latter/ half
of the : seventeenth . century, ¦and: un
fortunately/ met - Noel ', Boutonde ' Cha
milly/ the object 'of her . affections, . in
Lisbon -during the year 1663. \_ This
particular French " ' -' gentleman. St.
Simon tells us, was gross of body and
small of mind and* far from • being! the
Ideal Adonis who could be thought : to
Inspire such emotions as Marianne has
penned. . He~ was, ";inoreoyer,\: aS cool
lover and * a ¦ vain ; ' wlthl Incom par abl e
booiishness he /showed » ' the t - amatory
epistles to a friend of his ; in Paris and
through that channel they, .were "given
to a world ; of < J lovers. {' Poets ¦; seized
upon ; them -for; their : Inspiration, . gay
ladies of / the court, both" :in ? Prance
and^ England, attuned^their^owniten-L
der epistles to the, high ardor. breathed
from Marianne's, # and ' it : is supposed
that .the heart f of j th» ' Portuguese ', nun :
was broken beyond repair.
"The ravages also; which your 'ab- ;
«ence" has 'committed' upon iny face,"
accuses ;Ma"riahne in '¦ one of . her Im
passioned 'flights,'- "ought to:: be '¦ more
agreeable "- to ; you , than • the . bloom of
NO one but the most confirmed
bibliolater can claim acquaintance
LETTERS
Breathing Love
FORTUNES OF A FREE LANCE— Alfrfld
G. Lawrence; The Saalfleld Publtshlnc Com
pany. Akron. Ohio: lllustrnted; price 91 50.
ON A LARK? TO THE PLANETS— Frances
Tr«so Montzomery: The Saalfleld Publishina
Company. Akron, Ohio; Illustrated in color;
pries $1 50. ttnMMBaaaM*j*Jh**a«j*ji
BILLY WHISKERS JR. — France* Trena
Montgomery; The Saalfleld Publishing Com
pany. Akron. Ohio: Illustrated: pries Jl.
BROWNIES IN THE PHIUPPUfES —
Palmer Cox: The Century Company, New
York; price SI SO.
- TWENTY-FIVE GHOST- STORIES — Com-.
pHed byW.B. Holland: J. R. O*t!vl« Publish.
tng Company. New York: price SA cents.
AROUND THE YEAR WITH ELLA
WHEELER tVILCOX— Compiled by Ell* O.
Ruddy; Th« W. B. ConSey Company. Chicago;
Illustrated. tnuiiMi i|iubj«— Afaat—^M|i— i»n
THB STAR OF KETHTJCH3ES* — ltoM»
¦tructed from old mlrsol* plar* hy QmuHis
Mlll» Gayley; Fox. DofSctd * Ox, Vtrw Torkt
Illustrated; prlc» $1.
P0EM3 OF WILX.TAM 11ORRI*— Kdtt*d by
Percy R. Colwell; Tnomaa Y. Crow^a A Co.,
New York: in box; cloth, 12.
THB GREEK POETS (aa anth«lu«j1 —
2«atnan HaskeU Dole: Thomu Y. Crowma A
Co.. New York; In box: cloth. $X .
NATURE AND CULTURB — BamQtoa
Wright Muble: Dodd. Head.* Ox. Xaw York;
Illustrated; price |2.
:B A LANCE — THE rUNT>AJ£BNTAIi
VERITY — Orlando J. Smith; Houffhtoa. MUfiln
A Co.. Bcstcn: cries $1 23.
VASHTI— John B. Kay«; O. P. PMtnjua'a
Sons. New -York.
STUDIES OF A BOOKLOVErt — Tbomaa
Marc Parrott; James Pott A Co.. N»w York;
prlco II 25.
OUB WEST IXDIAJf XKXOHBORS—I^d
•rtck A. Ober: James P«tt St Co.. N»w York;
Illustrated: price $2 30.
PRESIDENTIAL, PROBLEMS— Grrrmr dvr*.
land; Th- Century Company, Hww York;
prtc« tl SO. - jlijgil lpl M ¦— i I
CULTURE PRIMER AND CUL.TCRB
READER — Ellen E. K. 'Warnar; D. Appletoa
ft Co.. New York: Illustrated.
CAREEK3 FOR THE COMI5JO WES (¦> eom
pendlam of addresses) — Th« Saalfleld Publlsn
lnc Company. Akron. Ohio; price Jl 50.
THE HAPPY AVXRAOB— Br»4 WMOljfcl
Tho Bobbs-MarrUl Company, Twitum— Itot
prto» $1 60.
BENEATH "VTP.aXNX*. ¦ II I II lllll|l f.
Scead; Scott-Thaw Company, Mnr T«rxj tt
ln'atr&ted: pric« $1 00.
THACKERAT*3 XJETTEatS TO XX A2OSA
ICAN FAMIL.T— With Introdoattoo by Xmvj
W Baxter; Th» Centurr Company. H«w Yarkf
Illustrated; pric* Jl 60t
THB MADXOA278— iOiimm MMihwi Tk»
Century Company, Xnr Tor*; UbutzatMl
prico SI CO.
THB YOUTH CXF "WASHTN'OTCC*— «. W^r
Mitchell; Th» Ctnturr ComjMLSgr. 1<*W Tvfej
price SI SO.
THE GPLVT W0RU>—XTti7% TTnliilfTll
Tha Century Company, K«w Todll yrtae It M.
MANAS9AS — Uptoa Sinclair: Ta* KMBflUa
Company. N»w Torkj prte* II BO.
SPORTSMAJf JOSS— 2H*r» *«B«yM TS»
Macznillan Company, Nnr Tort; liriwliil
pcle» |1 6a
THE SIGN OT TITS CftOOT Tn~MW Trr
rett; Henry Holt * Ok, bmw TM*t HI 111 ¦ III
by photorrmpha front play *f mow mmi| prto*
75 cants.
THE LOVB OT *titjn Cmmt» "Wmtmmamt
Dodd. Mnd A Cm*. X«v Tarfc} 1'fUMlil fc*
Gazo Foudjt; prtoa SZ
BEATRIX 07 VTCNTOB— Max *¦¦¦> HlljJ
DcxM. Mead * Co.. X«w Yarfcj QluKrmWj
piico $1 SO.
HONOR BllOUmiUIJ) ime«4> X. pin.
las;. Dodd. Mead * C4>, N«w YavkX Srt» fd M.
A BOX OK M A TVTnrfl TT» mhlfl hmi
Dodd. Mead * C*., X«w Tecfaj Uhucvatad k*
Harriion Fl»her: prloa fl BO.
LETTERS FROM A TOKl'VUVXBM XT33*-.
R«sroductloa of Um •Oltiom •£ lilTi 8L» ¦
tano'a. New Tor*.
New Books Received
ers have not yet begun to take ac
count of the books they hope to find in
the glorified stocking on that holiday,
the. publishers are beforehand with a
new and tempting list of reading mate
rial for. young minds to feast upon in
delighted anticipation. Already the re
viewer's table is* heaped high With
books of all sorts, that announce their
mission from emblazoned cover, and
highly dramatic Illustration. And to
drop down from the heights of fiction,
history and speculative science to the
flowery plane of children's literature is
for the reader of many books in the na
ture of a pleasing diversion.
First, and maybe foremost, to assume
the judgment of the little folks them
selves, Is Palmer Cox's new Brownie
book, "The Brownies In. the Philip
pines," which the Century Company
publishes. VOf course, every little tot Is
on easy speaking terms with Mr. Cox's
host of queer fairies, and many are the
grown-ups ; who formed with them an
interesting acquaintance i in the .- old
days of the St. Nicholas. So, needing;
no introduction,' come again these mis
chievous little fellows. They try to ride
a "timarau," they \ have great times
with the snakes on Palawan, they sere
nade a native chief on Romblon, they
go monkey hunting on Tawi.Tawi, they
encounter ?'a typhoon "in- Albay, they
hunt ; wolves on Bokol, they go - down
into Manila* Bay. in diving-bells, they
catch a tiger on Ley te,. they even find a
battle line - on Masbate and . they play
many other pranks, 'all pictured as only
Palmer TCox can \ picture these 'quaint
and richly humorous little people. There
are some new characters InY "The
Brownies in the Philippines," notably a
Rough Rider and a fisherman.
THOUGH Christmas is still at a com
fortable distance and young readr
JUVENILE
Books a Plenty
Four new volumes hare just ap
peared in the Macmillan Company**
new aeries of Pocket American and
English Classics, Intended for elemen
tary schools. These Include aa edltloa
of "Gulliver** Travels" and one of TThe
Arabian Nights," each with notes and
an Introduction by Clifton Johnson.
'•Hawthorne's Grandfather** Chair*
and "Old English Ballads.**
MISS MIRIAM MICHELSON has
distinctly "arrived," in the: p'iu>
; lance ' of the- book people.- -Of the
very, few new writers of the year whose
work has received the sanction of the
readers and, through that, the publish
ers' favor, this San Francisco woman
is one.. By the daring and the origin
ality "of her first novel, "In, the Bishop's
Carriage," which was published last
March and which commanded instant
success, r Miss Michelson found, herself
suddenly emancipated from the ano
nymity, of Journalism and endowed
with rthie ."distinction that hedges about
the- charmed circle of the writer folk.
Now comes her second book, "The
Madigans," franked with the potent
stamp of The Century Company, and
Miss Mlcheison is securely ensconced
in the writers' temple of fame. All
this within a year.
In her breezy book about the adven
tures of Nance Olden, Miss Michelson
reveals in every chapter the hall mark
of the .. clever Journalist. The news
paper worker's instinct for the salient
points of a "story" is manifested
throughout; the atmosphere of the
world of graft, sensed so intimately by
those whose business makes them. rub
elbows with every type of "les mlser
ables," is reproduced with photographic
clearness; all of the many little Jour
nalistio tricks for the pointing of em
phasis and the sudden rounding of a
climax are employed effectively. In her
first novel Miss : Michelson' is the skill
ful newspaper writer, , little '. else. "The
Madigans" discloses the writer; en
dowed with an appreciation for higher
literary values. Lacking ;riot a whit of
the' r .wif.and sharp observation of the
former, book, this second story, is more
firmly grounded In that which is indic
ative of serious literary work— a strong
heart interest, the analysis ; of > char
acter and . the significance of some as
pects of life.
In the superficial first reading given
"The Madigans" it appears that; there
Is set fojrth; therein nothing but V the
amuslng'recital of the • many comedies
and little tragedies attending, the daily
round In \ the Madigan • household; f over
In •.Virginia City. A disappointed,
world-soured old, father,' his ' maiden
8 ', 8 ** r ; *nd : his • ¦ six young , daughters
people ; the story. Out of • the > battles
royal -between- sister? and sister in ? dis
putation over the ''respective ' right* * of
eachl, the .. author collects i a fund of
the ' richest' humor and interprets i to ' a :
dot tKe 'prompting* of the childish
mairisprlnr "of 'action. But it is In \ the'
delicate undef r hint; ;; suggested .rather
ttl ? LI1 .. exploited, of the Bomber tragic
note ; In~ the" Madigan" disharmony^ -r- in"
thl* the inner significance of the story
lies.; ;Like* little" savages Split' (eupho
niously so nicknamed) badgers Sissy,
Bep .worry* . Fom;! the baby; dare*
and there isjnbilbveln^thli; ¦proutirig;
house •full of-. tfrls/ Each day is a
raging conflict, with armed truce at
night. ; " Over ail, Voverawint; •Jii" i« the
grim/, soulless > Madigan. '.: "¦ \ " ;/ X^^
- With ; Mrs.'* Martin's "Emmy Lou" we
This being election' year It is ob
viously more than' a: coincidence that
"The Mastery" should make" its "ap
pearance. But with Its"- bid for read-
Ing by those who have an eye to poli
tics it offers a wholesome substantial^
Itj. Women— save only those'who* be
long to women's rights clubs— may not
understand or appreciate the book, but
there are few men that will lay-it
aside unfinished.
(The Macmillan Company, New
York; price $1 60.)
of this character Mr. Luther has tak
en for his model one who but recent
ly exchanged the gubernatorial chair
of New York for a higher office. . The
heroine has not so many'distinguishlng
traits as her politician lover and .de
velops a certain mulishness at criti
cal moments which aggravates the
reader - mightily. We do not readily
apprehend why it is that the worthy
future Governor of the Empire State
is content to put up. with some'of her
pettishness. . ': » : -
With a model boss, then, holding the
largest thread of the story, the author
proceeds to narrate the details of his
struggles after, supreme ' power over
the heads of all opponents and only
draws his story to a.' : close with that
hash eating incident .which precedes*
the announcement of ,the- hero's elec
tion to the Governorship of New York,
Though it seems to the reviewer that
no better insighf into the wheels with
in wheels . of political machinery ' : has
ever been given than that - in Brand,
Whltlock's "Thirteenth District," Mr.
Luther's knowledge of these clock
works seems to be adequate for a
very absorbing narrative of "party, con
vention legislative • caucus .and , Sena
torial election deadlock. The incident
of the nominating ¦ convention ..which
serves as the climax : to the story ; is
handled with a keen ; eye ;¦ to ' the : ef
fectiveness of suspense "and dramatic
denouement. Even those ; whose
knowledge of the devious patha of
politics is meager can i find . in t this
P8 ssage ' a^braclng" bit of .'excitement* ;
In character delineation the author
seems ' to be equally skilled at clear
cut outline. '¦ His man, Philip Drew,
is an embodiment- of tho nervous
energy of I the', present day etriver after
success, . resourceful, indomitable in
energy and£ perseverance.*:' In' many
waya it impresses that in the creation
It seems to have been the tendency
of many of our writers who turn their
eyes to politics for plots to paint the
political boss with colors approximat
ing angelic whiteness, and from this
Luther does not veer. Though he does
give us the reverse side of the picture
In the character of Maddox. the city
boss of New York, the author seeks,
through his hero, to exemplify the true
organizer of . forces and dictator of
events in the American political field
whom we have invested with this sug
gestive term. "The political engine
minus its engineer Is junk," quotes one
of the shrewd politicians in the book.
and "bosslsm — which is the creature
of its environment, as were its fore
runners—will drop into: perspective,
and history assay its output ' impar
tially."
Unhackneyed is "The Mastery" by
these tokens, if no others:: The candir
date for Governor, of New York sits
him down to a dinner of hash— even
though it was "the poetry of hash"—
and calmly discusses the auestion of
kitchen help while' the 'counting of re
turns is in progress a hundred miles
away. A street gamin in a college set
tlement gives the magic word that
saves the destinies both of Philip Drew,
bachelor, and Philip Drew, head of a
ticket. A cloutish State Assemblyman
misconstrues the phrase "a thousand
reasons*' into the offer of a thousand
dollar bribe, and comes nigh upsetting
the programme, of a nominating con
vention, by 6o doing. These are only
some of the Incidents In Mr. Luther's
story of the political game that differ
entiate the novel from the ninety and
nine others of the same genre. ' which
have been first holding and then pall-
Ing the tastes of readers since. Ford
wrote his "Honorable Peter Sterling."
being stereotyped, likewise far
from dull. As a .novel of politics It
thrums with swift incident and th(
play of great forces. As a tale of lovb
it is as unhackneyed as such a story
could be in all these years since
"Sappho." Together, the two elements
present, a forceful study of American
character, a vivid reflection of the
rushing tide of men's affairs in this
work-a-day. age.
MARK LEE LUTHER'S latest
story, "The Mastery." is far from
One of the strangest literary coinci
dences is the appearance of Mrs. Bur
nett's story, "In the Closed Room," at
the same time with Kipling's "They."
It Is remarkable that two such noted
writers should have been seized simul
taneously with a desire to express the
almost Inexpressible mysteries of child
hold. These two stories of children and
the spirit-world natnrally invite a com
parison. Individual taste will probably
be the only court to decide which story
Is the better. The general opinion
seems, however, to be that Mr. Kip
ling has produced a marvelously
wrought cryptogram; while Mrs. Bur
nett has produced a story crystal clear,
human and very real, notwithstanding
its mystic atmosphere.
The late Thomas Nast. the cartoon
ist, whose biography by Albert Bil
low Paine will be published in Octo
ber by The Macmlllan Company, died
in Ecuador in the service of his coun
try. He was Consul General there
when yellow fever broke out and
stayed at his post, refusing to leave
when others did, and took the fever
and died. The material for this biog
raphy was confided by him in person
to the author and the book will be
illustrated with reproductions of about
400 of Mr. Nast's best cartoons.
MADIGANS
Deserve Spanking
Perhaps v all ;uhis is to , be found in
{'Letters- •Frojn'ia Nun,"
but" it: would'Vrequife "an- eighteenth
century poetYtb' discover the*.] same.',
' (Brentaiio's, .New York;'" v 'price,-"75
;tnts.) •' * : : ; r ' . ;:¦;: : V ./ ' .
the finest complexion, and I should
thi^k' myself hateful if being deprived
of, the, sight of you for three days had
riot ¦ disfigured^ me." Thus reads ' this
passionate' Whim
sically amusing it is to us of this age
of bluff : materialism, but what an ap
peal it : had to the^ quivering romanti
cism. of .a 'past age: may. be gathered
from this "criticism of a Louis Quinze
poet; Dorat,". who says:"
"These letters' will excite those de
licious tears which * relieve the heart,
not! that'/agony of \ grief which 'op
presses . it; they breathe the most ten-'
'tJerj the' most ..impassioned, , the_ most
generous • love ; they' paint the passion
In-alffits nice gradations of shade arid
all its Interesting. details;- you behold
Us storms,: its agitations,' its' momen
tary f resolutions; its fond relapses, : the
delicacy .61 ; Its fears and '. the . heroism
of, its Sacrifices." ' : " '" . '
. Throughout all of the sketches Miss
Michuelsbn has shown a remarkably
clear perception of the Juvenile mind.
Its workings. "The Ancestors of Irene**
Is a perfect little exposition of those
youthful imaginings that are made
real by dint of the very imaginative
force. "Cecilia the "Pharisee", reflects
the self imposed humility, and sanctlty
which so often wraps about a young
ster^ In moments of contrition to his
great and pious joy. The fears of Bep
and. Fom -that they will awake some
morning to find themselves "Chemise
Twins" is delicious farce.
Little devils though these Madigans
are, one's heart goes out to them. Per
haps it is pity, perhaps It, is just the
compelling child in each of them that
calls imperiously to our, affections:
(The Century Company, New York;
illustrated; price $1 50.)
had interpreted for us the heart of the
sweet little girl of sweet home sur
roundings whose life unfolded day by
day like a flower; she was the little
girl ' of a, modern social perfection or
circumstances if you will. The Madi
gans, every mother's daughter of them,
are barbarians, pure and simple;
through the hardness and loveless
indifference of home surroundings they
have suffered a reversion to type, as
the scientists say. The warring and
the "back-biting indicate something
akin to a struggle for moral existence.
"Miriam, or the Sin of David," Is the
correct title of the new play by Mr
Stephen Phillips, which was at first
announced as "David and Bathsheba."
The theme is clearly indicated by the
title, but the play opens In Cromwell's
army, instead of-l n Jerusalem, and
runs its course during the English
civil war.
Dr. a. Weir Mitchell has made
in his Look, ""The Youth of Washing-
Ion." Fiction, 1 call il. yet it is not
altogether liction: autobiography — not
that; nor yet is it history. Rather a
dramatization, if the term may be
used, of the boyhood and early youth
of the great commander, cast in the
phraseology of the hero himself.
Drawiug from fact and fancy alike. Dr.
Mitchell has brought to our eyes a liv
liig picture of Washington, made more
realistic by the employment of the per
fconal form in its telling.
Conceiving it to be the desire of the
aged general to set down for his own
edification the events of his early life
which had significant bearing upon the
course of later activities, the author
opens his narrative upon Washington
in the retirement of Mt. Vernon, feel
ing the relief that comes with the sur
cease f roni political vexations and cast
ing back over the record of his young
manhood to draw therefrom pleasant
6lore of reminiscence. "I shall do this
for myself alone," writes the auto
biographer of Dr. Mitchell's conjuring.
**I shall confine my attention to re
calling the events of my youth, and as
1 hate deception even where the imag
ination only is concerned, I shall try,
for my own satisfaction, to deal mere
ly with facts." 8RSS
That Weir Mitchell Is a close and
sympathetic Btudent of the life and
character of the great Virginian is
manifested by the characteristic air of
reserve that he brings to cover all of
the narrative put into the mouth of
that character. All the excessive
modesty and unselfishness of action
that is reflected throughout the pages
of Washington's bona-nde diary and
hi* voluminous correspondence is re
prodnced in this book with a fidelity
which adds to the charm of deception.
Carefully selected phrases, the cer
tainty in every fact's correctness ex
pressed, the restraint exercised in all
Judgments of other men's actions — all
these characteristics of the scrupulous
ly correct and unswervingly just Wash
ington Mitchell has caught and re
flected In this imaginative jmemoir.
The Illusion Is complete.
By the grave communlngs of an old
man with the memories of an honored
lifetime there are brought out delicate
shading* of characters such as cannot
be reproduced In the formal eulogies
•f historians. These we feel must be
very close to ; truth, very near ' what
Washington kept locxed up under
guard of his impenetrable reserve. For
example, as to this very character
istic aloofness Itself, Mitchell has his
Washington say:
"It has often happened to me to
learn that I am thought to be a cold
man, but this I believe to be untrue;
for though I am aa concerns social In
tercourse and freedom of speech a man
reserved by nature, I discover in my
•elf a treat freedom to express my
self affectionately on paper— nor do I
conceive that I am unlike others in
feeling the loss of the many friends
•whom distance or death have separated
from me."
The real George Washington was
known to be a man possessed, seem
ingly, of but one great fault and that
an occasional ungovernable temper. Of
this the imagined autobiographer
ra«V*ff ready * admission:
"Dr. Franklin has wisely said that
no examples are bo useful to a man
as those which his own conduct af
fords and . that be was right in his
opinion I have reason to believe. This
I have observed to be true of anger,
to which I am. or was, subject. I flat
ter myself that I have now learned to
command my temper, although it - Is
•till on rare occasions likely to become
mutinous. I do not observe that mere
abuse * troubles me long, but In the
presence of cowardice or ingratitude
I am subject to fits of rage."
Thus are we able to glean from these
reconstructed pages of the life of
Washington Intimate glimpses of - the
treat soul of the man; glimpses which
Ktrike into us more tellingly than the
rounded phrase of a panegyrist or the
Bounding period of a historian. This
clothing of the spirit of Washington
with the tangible form- of his own
thoughts has about it something fas
cinating.
All of the time, too, we are in a puz
xle over the book. What is true? What
is fancy? Letters there are in the text
bearing the names of historical per
sonages and. of seeming verity; but
are they fiction ? Details, likewise, of
the campaign ¦ at Fort Necessity- or of
the terrible defeat of Braddock, are
here to bring us ' pause; ' what axe their
sources in history or are they sprung
from Mitchell's fine Imagination? ¦
One of the very few good books of
the -year, this.
¦ <The - Century. Company, New York; •
price 51 50.)
A UNIQUE experiment in fiction and
a successful one is that which
YOUTH
of Washington
The second story is a plain tale of
e very-day life, written especially for
boys and girls who do not care par
ticularly for stories with a historical
or geographical background. Larry is
a youth who has been knocked around
from pillar to post for a number of
years. He knows nothing about him
self, where he came from, or where he
belongs. He is a bit rough in his ways,
but beneath his rude exterior is a heart
of gold. By the merest accident he
becomes a boatboy, and earns his liv
ing by catching fish. At the lake he
meets people who have • had much to
do with, his past, and have likewise
much to do with his future: and the
unraveling of the curious mystery
which surrounds the lad's identity
makes reading that no young folks will
care to miss. A story of good moral
tone, and quite out of the ordinary. (SI).
Ip. "Stories of Brave Old Times"
Helen M. Cleveland has followed uo
initial successes In The Youth's Com
panion . by a series of tales concerned
with the romance of history in the
days of the American Revolution.
Though this has been done before, few
have brought to a work primarily for
juvenile reading the graphic power of
portrayal that Miss Cleveland exhibits.
Her book is good reading for those not
reckoned as children.
'The Young Vigilantes," by Samuel
Adams Drake, is a book that should
have 'especial appeal to San Francisco
boy. readers, for it narrates some of the
most exciting incidents in the history of
the city and State at large. The story
embraces the old-time voyage across
the isthmus, gold-dlggiEG scenes in
California and incidents in the early
days of our own city. Though not a
paragon of historical exactness. Colonel
Drake's book may be strongly com
mended.
Among Lee & Shepard's Juveniles for
girls particular mention may be made
of four. "The Taming of Betty." by
G. \V. Plcknell, relates the amusin?
incidents surrounding the breaking of
a typical tomboy into a perfect young
lady — very readable even for older Deo
pie. Annie M- Barnes writes "A Lass
of Dorchester," a colonial tale with a
thrilling climax. "An Honor Girl." by
Bertha G. Davidson, is, as tho title In
dicates, a school tale, somewhat out
of-;. the ordinary. "Randy's Good
Times," by Amy Brooks, continues the
fortunes of the heroine in the popular
Juvenile, "Randy's Summer.**
Lee & Shepard of Boston have
brought out a great number of books
which deserve special mention because
of their uniform high grade of excel
lence. Standard fiction for boys and
girls by writers of accented merit are
offered in attractive binding and with
adequate illustrations at the net price
of $1 25— very good bargains for buy
ers of Christmas books.
Edward Stratemeyer, a writer who
has come to take place with Kirk Mun
roe as the author of boys' books, pro
duces two this season: "On the Trail of
Pontiac," and "Larry the "Wanderer."
The first named volume tells of times
in our country immediately after the
war with France . for the possession
of Canada. In those days there was
much unrest and a keen spirit of rival
ry among the French, the English and
the Indians on the frontier.
The plot turns upon the establishing
of a trading post upon the Ohio River,
and many hunting scenes and visits
to Indian villages are depicted. The
historical setting of the tale la based
upon facts, and the Indians are shown
as they actually were— neither wholly
good nor wholly bad, and the same
may be said of the hunters, trappers
and traders. A fight with the Indians
and the French In a snowstorm is es
pecially realistic and the entire book
carries with It the atmosphere of colo
nial times.
POLITICS
and Love Mingle
Hie description of the crime had
all the fascination of Edgar Allan
Poes grewsome tales, and the story
of the "gashouse murder" became a
reportorial classic. The unknown
who wrote it never had been heard
from before that time, though his
name afterward became well known
to lovers of American literature. It
was the Initial appearance In news
paper work of Lafcadio Hearn.
The stranger continued to write un
til long After midnight and his matter
filled three columns. It gave all tha
details of one of the most horrlbla
murders in the history of modern
crimes — the killing of an official of th«
gas company by an employe, who dis
membered his victim's body and cre
mated the fragments in a coka fur
nace.
Picking up a few pages of the man*
uscript. which was beautifully writ
ten and hart the fineness of copper
plate, the editor read it carefully and
then laid his hand gently upon the
writer's head. This instantly elicited
a snarl like that of a wild beast. "It's
all right." remarked the editor. "Keep
your temper. You may give us all of
that stuff vou can write."
and went into tne reporters' room. A
half hour later, when the city editor
entered the room, he found the new
reporter lyins at full length upon tha
top of a long table, while the blank
paper was held close to his face be
cause of an affection of the eyes which
prevented the eyeballs from turning
in their sockets.
oeasts ana not «. bit narmrul- «, at
tempting: an imitation of Lewis Car
rol's classics Mr. Macauley has not
been as happy in his aictlon as the
creator of Alice. A great deal of his
book is over the heads of children be
cause of the many-syllabled words
employed, but the illustrations are
amusing; enough to compensate for this
defect.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
THE SWING
OF FALL FICTIONgatherings and has made herself a great favorite .there. It had been an*
nounced that she would sing there that night, and -because of our delayed
arrival there were lamentations for the fear that she would^io'ftbme. But
the children, sometimes so wise in reading, character, had "said, "She will
come!" anil the elders had waited, hoping. To say'that all this was a!sur
prise to me but faintly expresses my feelings. I had. not even known that
Frances sang at all; I certainly never suspected" that under her worldly
cynicism dwelt a character which would prompt her to do such work' as
this.
Places were found for us on a platform where the piano stood and a
young lady stepped to the piano. ahead. of Frances 'and struck a few chords
of music, which were -greeted with frantic cheers— they were the signal
that Frances would sing the song best liked by most of her hearers. I
watched the faces of the people as Frances/sweetly smiling, stepped to the
front of the platform. Pale from, under-nbu'rishment -and bad' air. lined
with early toil, they brightened and were transfigured as'- they eagerly,
breathlessly waited for the sound of her voice. There were women'thcre
of her own age, with faces and features as faultless, possibly, but in whose
eyes; animation had been smothered by hard, dull lives. These, especially,
looked at her with wondering .rapture in their awakened eyes. She 'first
sang a simple folk song of- Italv, and at"the first note the eyes of the elders
filled and those of the younger glowed until every shade of care was bant
ished by the new light of happiness. v . . • . .
The Italians cheered wildly when, she 'finished; and then there ; were
loud demands for, a certain .German song. >. This, she sang graciously; and
her first triumph was repeated., I looked at Her and sawa transformation
as great as that in' the, faces , of her listeners. Surely, here was»not the pol
ished society, girl whose hardness to me had been so cruel! Now. her. eyes
were soft and filled with a .great," understanding" pity " which- gave > tier 'an
exalted loveliness. She smiled at the applause which greeted her, and then
there arose a general demand for another song~"The;Star^Span^Ied : Ban
ner." This. I was told, was always asked of , tier because the children, r the
youngest, those 'still in school, were taught ' it arid" in : ;tura -taught 'the
tune, at least, to,- their elders j at'.; home.' r : I have never, been moved' in such
manner and degree as when ] the crowd," from the" old "and bVnt tb those who
stood on, benches 'that they might see" her, rose ' and^w^tti ; a very , babel of
accents sang the chorus with Frances. .;'. Above all ¦. the .others -her voice
sprang clear in the , high " notes-^exultant, ; ringing, ." " passionate! -I turned
from the faces of those who watched tier, adoring, and I, too; adored!
"That, or anything else which will teach you what the world really is.**
Ir.was about to protest that I would do anything for a word of hope
from > her,' but her mother entered the room, and, although I am prond to
have the whole world know that I love Frances, a sudden overwhelming
recollection that the. first woman ever proposed marriage to was Fran
ks',' mother kept me silent in humiliation.
:.-,: Uncle Silas,: hurry your trip here. I need your help. I am a fool, cer
tainly, but I do not believe that I am hopelessly one. I think I can be
cured, and I want your help, for I believe that when I am cured I can
hope' for Frances.' Affectionately, ' REUBEN*.
"Yes, Uncle Silas, tnere is- a truth of which 1 am proud; I loved her
then, and knew that I loved her for the first time. But, oh; how repulsed I
felt! I, who but an hour before, with cock-sure conceit, had talked of the
absence of spirituality, of sweetness and light, maundering my feeble
words to a woman whose life, secret from her own world, was spiritual;
who was giving sweetness and light from her own rich store into the
starved lives of a people whose existence was unknown to me — to con
ceited me! \ My power of speech left me, and on our way home I did not
speak. Mrs. Lacquerre was silent as I, and I suspect that in spite of her
assumption of martyrdom at this phase of her daughter's life, she is, in
truth, mighty proud of it. •
As we reached their home Mrs.' Lacquerre asked me in. saying: "As
we cut short our dinner we must see if we can't find something to eat
here." , ?£;%
* As her mother went to' order for us Frances turned to me and said:
"I am only an occasional volunteer in that work. There are men: and
women— ladies and gentlemen, if you like— who devote their lives to it.
Do you think they find there a man, woman or child who will ever dine
where we dined to-night? Do you think that with, such workers for the
spiritual' uplifting of the poor all is materialism in this city of ours?"
"It is a strange city," I said.' "Life is strange; you are a ¦ strange
woman— I 'love you!" . "
When I began the speech I did not intend to finish as I did. nor did
I mean to say what I did that night. It was an impulsive utterance, but hay
ing said it I could not refrain from saying again and again, many times,
"I love you! Will you be my wife?" .
"Certainly not!" she replied, with much conviction. "You have done
nothing." •
"Oh!" ; I exclaimed, with sudden light, "is it that you want me to do?"
The world Is too much with us; late and soon.
Getting: and spending:, we lay waste our powers;'**'
Little we see In nature that Is ours.
We have riven our hearts away, a sordid boon! ,
Miss Lacquerre listened ,to me with what seemed impatient indulgence,
and then said: "To generalize from a single instance is said to be a woman's
fault. However, come with mamma and me to-night and see — what, you
will see."
Mrs. Lacquerre regarded her daughter with evidence of mild distress
and asked. "Must we go. dear?"
"I- have promised, mamma." Florence replied. "I do so little for
them it would be indecent to fail after my promise."
"Then we must cut out the ice. coffee, cheese and cognac from this din
ner," Mrs. Lacquerre replied with a sigh. "Come, Reuben; Frances and I
must change our gowns and then you may drive with us and see this aston
ishing gal of mine in a role new to you."
We left the dining-room, with its hundreds of guests bubbling on a
rising tide of conversation, with the animated scene at the height of the
evening's gayety and glamour, and were driven to Mrs. Lacquerre's r I
dence, where the ladies soon changed their dinner toilets into simple
gowns. Then we drove to a part of the city I had not before visited; into
streets densely crowded, yet strangely lacking in animation, as if the multi
tude were listless from fatigue or lack of interest in the further struggle for
life. We were in the section where population is more dense than any
where else on earth — the great tenement district of the very poor.
At a ground floor hall, a large room which might have been made by
throwing two or more stores into one, we stopped, and the carriage door was
instantly surrounded by a pack of faces, children's faces* and presently
there arose a cry, spoken in many strange dialects, "It is Miss Frances!
She is come! She will sing! She will not disappoint!" and, led and fol
lowed by the children, we made our way into the already overcrowded
hall. There we were met by some gentlemen and ladies, who warmly wcj
comed Frances and to whom I was introduced. They were members, of
a tenement mission society, whose work, in part, is to -entertain children
who otherwise would be subjected to the night temptations of the streets.
Not all of the audience were young; there were men and women, some
old, some rough and villainous looking. I must say, but all' equally in
terested in the arrival of Frances".
I must explain t!iat on certain nights in the month she sings at these
Not alone to the class of New Yorkers to whom hotel life is a matter
of. real concern as to their comfort, but to the more exclusive, who look
upon that life as they do the theater, as a source of occasional entertain
ment, did these openings offer, subject of .comment. Mrs. Lacquerre said
that we must see the new elephants, and I made plans to do so. I will
not occupy your attention with observations on the contrasting' social at
mospheres we experienced at the two hotels— at one, an air almost as if
we were at a private home of pronounced richness and elegance; at the
other as if at some festival of the Tuileries — with no hint of a red-capped
figure to affright. These might be profitable speculations for a brighter
pen than mine, would be worthy a chapter by the philosopher-historian I
long to welcome. But it were futile for me more than thus to indicate
the surging tide of materialistic splendor \^hich has risen over New. York.
Ah, not all New York! That is the point. Another New York does ngt
so much as know of the existence of these palaces whose openings were
the notable events in the programmes of pleasure of those at our elbows
when we dined there! ¦ " .
Miss Frances Lacquerre brought this to my mind and at the same time
revealed a phase of her life of which until then I- had no intimation.
As we sat at a table illumined with the soft rays of delicately shaded elec
tric lights, silently served with dainty viands* and exquisite wines, in a
hall rich with carvings, with marble and bronze, with satin and silk, listen
ing to soft music, followed by brilliantly dressed •women, by men in whose
faces one looked in vain for trace of worldly care, I said, "The senses
have triumphed; Materialism is crowned king! * Remains no lofty senti
ment, no spirituality in the world. Without another Renaissance sweetness
and light will never again soften and brighten^the human soul. v No won
der that poetry is dead, music languishes, literature halts, high purpose
stands still, religion, neglected by the wayside, calls feebly and in vain
for devotees. When last there was a poet he truly said: '*
An event of one recent week will give me a theme to illustrate my
meaning. Within that .eck two hotels were opened in this city, either of
which -would have made a nation-wide topic of wondering comment not
many years ago, yet here the event passed with but sonic casual press
notices, as a matter of but slight general interest. In one portion of New
York's manv sided social structure the event was of almost paramount
importance; on the other hand, a vastly greater bulk of the population
did not know that such an event had occurred, and if they had been in
formed would have had but slight, if any, interest in the matter..
One hotel, I am told, stands for the outlay of some eight millions.
It provides patrons with the luxuries the palaces of few princes offer and
which only American. money princes can afford to purchase. There no
purchasable luxury, no elegance and refinement' of . surroundings the
¦world's arts and sciences have roduced, is not at command. The other
is a fairy-like palace of pleasure, whose throngs of patrons would seem
to be creatures of a life aside from this workaday worfd, more like the
radiant presentments of the footlights than the realities of the world of
night and day. Other millions— many of them — have been poured into this
palatial pile, all to the purpose, it would seem, to perfect a house of de
light, a magic spot whereon no seamy thing may rest. Light, color, music,
fluttering fabrics — these are the things of which its unsubstantial structure
cousists.
stand what is now; a Dickens, to point only to the "light and
shadow cast by the sun of one day ; a Tolstoy, to reveal the hidden? The
lightness and strength, the profundity, the exaggeration, the truth of them
all must be in the service or the task will be but begun. There is work
for each, and then another must come to help; one must come who will
treat history not as romance, nor yet as science, but as philosophy, or else
the work will lack depth, will' be but a Pre-Raphaelite drawing— a' testi-
Why am I in a mood to ask this, you inquire? However much you
wonder, mine exceeds yours. I marvel that only now is this great city
impressing me in the way the first question in this letter indicates. - Yet
I think it must be so with many visitors; many must see only, the super
ficial bright surface of New York, and deem that they have seen all and
be more entertained than enlightened. Ah, Uncle Silas, what a light. I have
received in both heart and mind!
WHEN will the artist arise to paint an adequate picture of
New York? And what will he be— a Taine. to touch Its
social life with gentle satire; a Zola, to paint poor, simple
truth in garments' of needless black and red: a Crawford,
first to swiftly sketch beginnings, so that* we may,. under-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY i CATC
ADVENTURES OF REUBENWE had been In the port of
Trieste almost three weeks,
and our cargo was nearly all
out One day we found it
necessary to shift our anchorage sev
eral cable lengths farther inshore. This
entailed considerable work at kedglng.
Juan. Manuel, Milano and I walked
around the capstan, while Russo held
the turn of the rope. The forecastle
head, where we were, was well crowd
ed by harbor officials, stevedores' men
and visitors. This, with the fact that
it was after knock-oft time, put us all
into an ugly mood, especially Juan.
Suddently Manuel clipped and fell
against Juan.
"Damn you, ugly dog!" crieC the
Mexican; "look what you do." At the
•ana* time ha Ehoved Manuel.
strips of steel slapped -together in a
cross. Th'ere was ' something
realistic in the clash that accompanied
the action. . * .
"Go," shouted Milano and ' the X of
steel broke again and "the weapons
flashed in the moonlight Snap— snap—
enap they clashed, loud In the stillness
of the night— both men tried fo hit
hard, they weren't fencing for points.
For a Ic-ns tiine neither could touch the
other, for both, having been man-o'
war's men, were experts at..broad
sword practice. Evidently they" did not
realise that foils were for thrusting,
for fiercely, they chopped at each other
as though they were handling cut
lasses. Milano was quietly chuckling
with suppressed laughter and. when I
saw how things were going the hussar
of It struck me too. ; . .
Like , a. Cash the Brazilian blazed up.
Ho.K*ve Juan-Buch'a blow in'the'faco
e« «ent him. staggering to '-the •- rail -.and
almost over 1^. "In a, moment thelMex-i
lean recovered 'himself, and seizing, one
of the '.capstan .bars he 'raised* It 1 , "to
Ktrtke. Manuel. closed in and the two
clinched. ..Here! the- bystanders . inter
fered and separated, them. But the fire
In their- eyes • showed thaftne" affair
was riot yet- ended. . •
After,, we had washed and eaten that
evening Milano look' me aside and said:
"Those two fellows are determined/to
eo; ashore and, fight out/ their, quarrel'
income quiet' nook* where there is v no
danger of interfererice. They want' us
with 'them to see fair play." , •'»,
"Is it to be a Blugging match?", 1
asked. " % *
"No, that's too brutal, like beasts.
Knives, they Bay, but we won't allow
that The cause of the quarrel doesn't
warrant it I've tried to have them
make up, but they, will fight. Now,
If they . use knives in their present
mood they will soil themselves and us
with good blood and that will be dis
agreeable all around. Down in the
cabin are two pairs .of rapiers that the
English officers fenced with. Let them
settle their dispute like -Frenchmen."
"But they will -run each other
through," I objected.
"It won't go so far, you'll see.".
After dark Milano stole down into the
cabin messrefom and obtained the four
weapons, then Joined Manuel. Juan and
me at the gangway. We" were -Just
ready to shove off in the boat when
Rueeo decided to come along.
In ten minutes we landed on tha
moonlit beach. Some distance "away
we found a level stretch .of sand and
there arranged to have .the '. fight- take
place. Milano, who the*, foils,'
gave the two principals'-, one i.each and
another to me, so that he and I might
interfere if necessary. .
Stripping themselves ' to ', their waists,
the two opponents squared off from
each other.
••Ready," cried Milano, and the , two
v street: Just as w» heard -voices shout-';
- ingy from the * balcony < and • uporr* th"e*.
'boats J fnioored»ln, the* canal. «• <•» •/¦«:
,: It. did. not take us long to reach the;
j road 'to' the boat* 1 landing, 'which, we-dld*
fby»obscure alleys And open fields, ayi>id-j
• ing- people as * much as . posslble^-t Soon
'; -wV- came N ; to''ttie tr little*Virfeh < 0irle>neir
which our^folls were hidden. ' .;,- '
-s ' •\* c ,9 n 'i?<\8aid; < Juan.-,"leis . have a drink.
to settle oiir nerves. ' .'.V." ' ' " *'-
'. To this VI". Assented;*'. We- were- wet ?
I through^.- but: there Barf.beena .number ,•
of *ho,wers during.the . evening and they
would " account ' for. our ' condition."" The !
rblood: ori"T Juan's 'hand* hadl washed • off <
in swimming, and I. buttoned f up my
coat "'¦'¦', v * *'' " c "
4 'It was' now 'almost midnight,' so we
found nobody 'inside ¦ butt.the * landlord
and. his wife. ".They served^ us a' bottle
of - w^ine and • bread' and 'cheese!
Wehad. almost finished .when/the'tdoor
opened and Milano, Manuel .and" Russo
walked in. * They "Joined 'us" at 'another
bottle,' although *we* had 'all« had» : jAst
about ..enough -bottles. ; Our. three- ship
mates had been strolling about'the city
and were now, returning J after an' un
eventful evening. , 'WBSSStBKSB^
;.Juan and I then gave an account of
our experience. 1 / We were ' still . talking
when ' we heard voices ou tside. the "door
opened and who should appear but my
riotous Bill Snooks, much
used .up." but- very much . alive stllL
Close behind came another of the trou
ble-seeking sailors. They both * paused,
looked at r us and then -turned 'and
shouted:.. • y .
¦¦" : . VCbme ; on, - fellers: ¦ here's them two
Turks; let's get even with .'em!'.*
v But they 'were; too slow;for us. Juan
and 1 1 \ leaped • up," hurried the two men
out through the doorway, slammed the
door and Jerked back the bolt.
l : / "What * are ¦> you i doing ?'* ; shouted ¦ the
landlord: In alarms..' • .
¦ "Silence," 'cried* Juan. "they. will kill
you!lf- they" come inJ '• Take-your wife
out'of ,here." _ '. * .'¦¦ .
Our three shipmates /understood in
a flash how; matters stood.
"'.'Open: the 'shutters, and see ho'w
many they are," sugfirested-; Milano;
"perhaps i,we ; can ¦: manage them."
¦-.We > did ' so/ and counted . nine men
outside in the moonlight. BBH
'Too' many,"- said Juan; "we must
stay " Inside ; .we • have ! the « advantage
then.'.' . -i^BSBHMPBUnHnBBM
\-~ "Let's ¦ In." j howled a voice through
the door," followed by . a pound-
Ing att thelpanels,>^!'or '-we'll ' make
matchwood of yer.- old shanty." v
The", landlord protested • aarain. but
-^ ytm,7 Iheard-him yelL " I hit!back;and*«
I he rolled under, a; j table, ; bnt\; another t
! fellow, sprang 'at ' me > and '.we grappled. >•
'; He .fixed 1 ; his teeth;; ihmy^ shoulder.; J,I,
\ tried; to %rasp; the. sheath knife -in (my, 1
' sash,' ; but 1 his .body covered it. .Suddenly.
. he 1 . threw.' back «liis- head.'/gaYeja^ yell, '
? his • hold 1 r loosened a1hd v he ' droDued *to
, t the flpor.* I caught;, Just a^photographlc
•> glimpse bf'theAhistrian sergeant before
,'me,\his nak§df^tv6ra ln ; hts hknd;*but
:;, in 'ahoJLher. second v he disappeared in the.
melee:>^^ :: ¦%,*-;. ~,. : \.V , ",\ I ;
,' .; Just Vwih'at - or - what I * did"
*. remains '.but i Indistinctly ' in my. mind —
.':"I*Eaw,*the "flasri of knif€t. blades,, saw
;•; pale,/.; blodd T si)lattered "^f aces, • writhing
•<men ; on x the-, floor, arid .'every where was
"I blood— blobd./'^ :p- V-'di'x/i%*tV-.: :O,vv»"
'/ Then'.'c^me . a Uull- : Tlie Englishmen
," pulled! themselves.. together in one'eor- :
i : ner, _while";tbe'Austrians f 4Id the tame:
-'opposite.']^ In - the": wreck^Btrftsvn,. ispa.ee
. " between r lay * four men -"quivering; in
; spasmodic ; jerks, i : A . yell/- af wHd ". rush
fight .was on again.
-'fuYiously, as hungry "animals .flght, but
the: Englishmen; were" flghtiiig r t6 reach
the door; " they, were;, being 5 severely i
' punished. /Suddenly there shot into the
- room j\he>unlfprm of a~ gendarme— then
another; % : outside \ in the .street they
'/seemed to swarm: The Britishers made
:'ia" concerted? break- into, the street J -tO'
"•escape.-"., .';?,.:-, "V 1 v .' * 1- ' - *-\ ¦ •;
: '," ' - Just ' then " In T the pause . that : came! : I
¦felt' a tug; at my .arm. "It; was: Juan.*
jl^'Come,"? he - panted.'v .'."the '.; police will
1 .'" have* us— let ; us i get ' out' in back.',' ;-'.'
: .-We 'slipped into; the rear .'¦¦ room, \ now
'"deserted, .- and ;' found-'ourselves , out in
;'.the-' moonlight on a, balcony.;. Under-^
neath ; was .• waterr-aTcanal. : j Apparent
/ ly. -there '.was \ no ¦ escape."- .^We } paused a
{moment and looked back^the' fight, was
* going ohTagain,. but the "gendarmes; or
k soldiers ,were taking^a ¦ hand ¦ now ; : they
\ were . trying, to arrest all concerned," . but
~ met {stout > resistance. v>*~- . \ . ' . \
"Let's :* Jump""-;* whispered* Juan. By
,,'the ¦'• moonlight .'.' I i saw /his; hand :"was
,' bloody " and ,? the ) knife ¦ was ; gone ' from
'I his /sash.V-. Looking -down I saw blood.
j,*; om my « 8hirt,'vbat ' it iwas • not .^mine, 1 . for
v-I:"! had 1 received -no^bodily ' hurt. • The
V shoulder Fof , my, coat; ; a* light duck, .was
' torn ¦--.where j* the - Englishman , had r blt
¦iten^-.';- -;¦•.:..¦;:. •¦ ¦'. -. • - . -.-. - " .
;l'-Juan •• gave , a i leap ', and .was : gone: *•- 1
; heard V. a;;- splash " below.i then - saw., 1 his
; black 2 head/ in > the. center^ of I a : T clrcle
J of * big" ripples f moving ! f orithelopposlte
: side.'V. Without .hesitation *It sprangiover
'/ the 5 railings and t a? moment 5 later .: was
?. swimming, close \ behind * Juan. i,We .both •
* up * a stone j step j ons the j other
'side C and ;-' shot : ¦ down a narrow side
'.'Stop!"/ cried Milano 'suddenly,*.'
,"honor. is. satisfied." 1 "' :';{-¦ •£¦»:•*¦ \ '.
"No, jno,',' "yelled the. two combatants.
'together, . "blood!; blood!" ' 0 ' .' .-
And they, fell to with redoubled vigor. ;
» -¦ '.'All '- right,- hack 1 aM'ay/' >said Ililano, •
and aside to me,.*'If I, had known; they i
.^wanted /blood; I ¦ would • have., brought
* some bed'ding.' Morning 'will come be
)f6re"bl6bd.'';:" . . - ' "
'•• ' Russo 'had^ laid 'down oh 'some dried'
seaweed and watched: the entire affair
as though it were merely a cockfight.
Meanwhile the foils kept up a con
tinued clashing and quick scraping,
rand the two fighters darted nimbly
, around each other and -over, the sands,
occasionally dealing the other, a good
blow, but, ! of course, 'drawing no" blood.
Suddenly _ Juan was thrown off : his
• guard : and", down cams ; Manuel's ' : foil,
the point tearing across Juan's -breast,
leaving a long red stripe. It was an
accidental blow.
Here Milano % and I sprang, in- and
' separated > them", throwing r up ; their
J.weapons with ours and thus ; disarm-':
Ing them./ 'Both were half, dead "from
exhaustion,^ for they had been 'at it
nearly an hour. Juan's wound waVonly,
a deep scratch, but covered ; his breast
with blood. gMj -;.---.
"Honor la , satisfied," cried- Milano;
"Juan fought bravely,, like a" tiger, but
fate was with : Manuel.' 'Both^ of 'you 1
are , brave^menT-clasp J hands."
The .two glared at each" other; a mo-'
' ment, ', then \ their : faces softened ¦ and
their : hands ; met.' '_ Honor 'was satisfied.
- .'iWith r'some .'/freshj^ seaweed*' we
. atanchedthe' wound on" 3 Juan's breast
and then he and Manuel r feplaced their.'
shirts , and /coats. Our J next duty "was
to seal 'the! entire taffair. v over "a bottle •
of .wine,! which we might' do "at a small
Inn- half : way>up^th^e road • to. the T city."
So in that direction we flve r Bet ' out. ~ -;
Drought up before, a ¦brilliantly Ilium- ,
lnated resort . in a j small by 4 street, and,
t eeiing "'¦ tired, "¦[ we entered.;" The / place '
-was a, larg'e'cafe/arid nufbbers of men '
¦were ' seated "< atV small '.marble topped
tables quietly £ drinking '.peer, ./wine 1.: or.i
coffee, tin .-the -rear..' was another; ro"bm;<
beyond '^yhiqh,; through two ; largo
. do ws^that "touched Ihe * floor, ;\.wp , f , could
v see t'the' pillars of a balcony* that 'over- '
• * hung an •", open *spa'<5e,H'"eItiier 1 ? a'istre'et
< canaL;'»i.'i"-,i.vf-rX''"-:..r. -•'•'•''". , / ¦: •
'.; ViFjor^'half^ah hour* or, so, perhaps , an
.hour,- Juan /and /I sat 'in i that ; cafe/ sip-.
* ring* black 1 " coffee^* 'The^re^ was a 'low
: hum/rof'-'conyersa.tiph'r about 'the room,-'
•' rathe'r. TOO^^^h^botberwisei.v\Sud- '
in^nyl- f eetVon '/the '. pavement; i: -pp.tslde. '
'* 4 The';'scVeen'' ddqrr flapped \ 6peh- r and - a
; /dozen sailors J entered. /' It Tre- .
'qulresr no, keenness -of to 1
recognlze'v the ; British ' seaman— his . ap-j
v pearance shrieks the fact "at you, even
•were; it* possible /'for \ htm' -\ to keep his
mouth s^ut ' for. ten successive minutes.
.Then these fellows were, all half drunk,
and ; only i.Bri Ushers -drink/ in'; packs.'
/.The seamen of other nations seek; their
; dripk " as • the tigers' hunt— alone ] or ¦ in :
pairs. "• •"'¦'/.• ..- :¦'",'''
The sailors . were " ' too noisy . ; to be
agreeable,^ and. the'waiters tried ¦to/get
,,'rid; of /them.Hbut (that-was^imposslble:
/ Finally, they" / were U served : ; some ,' beer
lit /a , large ¦ table by \', themselves r in '"a"
- corner . of [. the ; room. .This • seemed v to;
quiet them for a/while, andj no, further
-notice ' was taken of ] their presence. '.
: Presently - onei of ; the Britishers* arose
;• and ; pounded I tke\ table ;wlth ; his' I glass.
Theihum of voices stopped. _ '¦-./ -;. .
- "Attention ~there",v ye r damned 1 Dutch
dagoes ! "i began*\ the > sailor •-' in . an " ag- j
gressive tone, -"listen ' there, while I • tell
ye who Iam.^ I' am Bill; Snooks of New
• Bedf ord-r-yesslr/ 1' am an American, an*
don't you fergltit.'^JISBSBSEHBBBHnBSfi
¦ - - .This V Introduction £ received '; a* round ;
of applause from ' Bill's . mates.' ' '¦'
' 'VGo it, -Yank,*' 1 shouted' one,'- "tell .'em
':.- .'¦ "... ";•¦ . : -.•¦ v" : -"-/'- ' ,
, ;'Yesslr,". continued ;BIU,.''I am ainan
5 wotv ye i seldom meets, \ an' ¦ I i kin « lick
; any "damned: dagoiwot- walks? on -!two .
. feet or on four, 4 for that matter, if there
¦"'beiany/i": ' "*.'': : ¦;.¦•,--'-:• : ; -¦-,¦ _v ¦
: " Here . he • glared " savagely, ,; about *, the ;
. room, ¦ finally resting ¦ his * eyes on Juan
and 'mo. Ho was drunk,, evidently,! but ••
it (was ,that -kind of, a drunk v,where ai
man- retains fall -the animal'senses' and :
is -hunting foirfflght. PA tf"^' v '• ' ••,'>* ; -' - '•' -l - ;
. "Yessir.'yhejsaid, 1 . 'iljiam: a-lookin\;at'
ye, ye -red-hekded lbbsfers— my/eyes, is,
on.ye, aniilfkln lick 1 the 'two of- ye *at
once."; ¦„-• '¦ : . -::>.¦•¦ : *: ._ ,>'.:;• .i ¦ .-.'^ '.¦:..•,
t! My r ¦ companion's.; swarthyj, features,
turned livid.".' HisjiitCler'.black mustacha 0
drooped.Jover the:corhers«off.hiB.iributh.',
As -li have;.', said "rbefore, .vJusfn.i under- '¦'
stood some" EngllBhT'.\;;'. ' - v *• » r* - V
• Besides the British, aeamen/there/was •
almost j a\score>;of i otljeri men ,,in.;.the'
room, natives, of the" city; t Most of them-!
were i- ndwL'laughifag,"! for.' .' hot?r under- •
standing -. the -yanjruage.*) they !
tookvit-' as. a", bit . of ;humor. tL'Atithe- same
table with- Juah'ahd^mybelf sat a ySung.
Austrian ; soldier^ a 'serge«n t'.^LlbeKieve, I
to; Juasp.by^ th,a t short'i sword ,;a.t ilBiferde.'
Whether he . y nders'tood^iikllshvpr ¦ only .
read'?, the i Vsailofs VX aolal h expression. M .
can'tusay, Ibut 'did ,'nbtilauKh. \fHe
took/, matters \ seriously: A And ' his : rrius- *
tach'e" drooped,"' too. ; ' "'•/*- ,.••/•
"; VWell,"i. ;¦ continued , my' {loquacious
countryman, "seeln* as how there ain't .
no fight in any of ye,' I'll ask ye all to ;
go -to hell." ¦:"/¦ ?
,, Whereupon i he j lifted his : glass and
heaved it directly at our table. It struck :
the; young* soldier,: not hurthurshimfin';
the ¦:. leasf, .but ¦ spilling beer^over * his"
trousers. - For ¦ one' brief j moment \ there :
waa ; a'-deep expectant {'. silence:;. tl)en !
came ; a j sharp; scrape \ against} the i stone :
floor,' and the young soldier's chair, shot^
backward' f rom ; under.;, him.'; With?a '•
bound : ; he ; reached :¦ the .'¦'-: sailor." hurled ;
himV.to the floor, and-; there heWhim;
down, his " fingers ,' clutching .' the / sea^
man's his v knee ';, on % his '' chest.-
But ;. the : Austrian's advantage ; was for,
only "a": moment." r -, '';"''";, " v i" ' ',"
" VAt i 'em/ , boys," shouted ¦ one ; of " the*.
Engllshmen,",Vgive~.'emJell." r --Cv : , ..
, Up they all -sprang and threw; them-*
selves on"- the v soldier.'f carrying 1 him"
down j by, their 4 brute .^.welBht. ; Before I
they/ could : seriously; injure; him > he. had I
a" dozen 'allies:; The %aitersTand 'guests 1
sprang, to his : assistance and { endeav-^
ored i to - beat ?;off \ the * Englishmen,? but*
that^was no [easy] task; 3 / ;¦¦•.
SJ* In a ¦; moment' the room <was \ in ; a sav- 1
age 'turmoil.:-; Chairs :*; were .1 used * as
weapons, ?.. tables \ upset, 'flying 1 bottles^
crashed \ into'; mirrors,'; curses|and J cries \
of Spain "mingled k. with ,'thef.noise " of :
splintering ; gl ass— all 1 one i mad J uproar.';,
% Near^ as >.we iwere.Y Juan;" and « I ? could ;
no t : avoid ( - being , in ' it^-'A'< bio w t f rom ' one .
of 1 the 1 Englishmen I almost > sent ) me ItOJ
the . floor.tr^. ¦.,"¦ .:¦'::. •¦:.¦".' .-." ' h:-\\:\-^^
' "Ye damned Turk/; I 'ad my heye oh
speaking person ; wonld h*r» vs«4
'.them.* ,* " . ' v . '•"' ' V
<.<fA':long* quiet followed— aa •mtatan
• silence. Xv : '• • \ _
r« "-"Eootf!" •* cried ', Milan*;*.
4 "Look-; .there^^our salvation. Qnickt
We;can.flght,our wax out!".*,
¦•'*Above l the*bar-'agalnst''th«'w»il.n'an«
two" pairs * ofl! crossed cutlasses, each
pair on either side of .a, biff mirror.
. No sooner had Milanoi spoken than h»
4 sprang' up : on:. the bar* and dragged
I dpwp , the-f our weapons. ' Each one of
us, but Russo took one.- .Russo annea
» himself '.with a'long wine bottla, full
¦ and«heavy.'~ » »¦;•-'
"Now, all together," said Juan, aoft
'ly'drawing back the bolt;.""
• "Now/! . he - yelled. .' throwln* open
. the door, "down the" road."
Together we 'burst, out, firmly grip
ping the cutlasses intottr hands. With,
-loud. curses figures sprang. up around
us and closed in. Frantically t wa
hacked at them— rl/felt my steel hit
v'yieldmg- substance, I heard the splin
tering-of Russo's bottle as it broka
over an Englishman's head, and then
¦ • we five stood alone. One man lay
writhing in the mud before us, scream-
Ing like a woman. It was Bill Snooks.
I recognized him by the light of the
moon. In the heat of the moment I
felt sorely tempted to strike again, but
his white face streaked, with' blood
looked so ghastly in -the moonlight
that- 1 '.was rather, sobered — anyhow,
lie was beyond doing further harm.
"At a gentle trot we started down th«
road toward the boat landing, harassed
all ' the, way by stones from the - rear.
We passed through a street of houses
wherein lived the laborers who unload
ed the ships. The noise brought night
gowned figures: to the windows and
some even ventured out., but when they
saw -us coming with drawn cutlasses
they." quickly disappeared. In "this
street* the Englishmen again ventured
..into, dose quarters -with us, but .wa
beaV them off : successfully. "Women
screamed all around us now— the noise
of the fighting caused a great com
motion in the houses./
. Finally we came down to the beach
and;, while Russo prepared and
launched the boat the rest of us stood
; off - the drink-crazed - Britishers. V They
snarled and howled about us in a semi
circle, but dared not close in. Several
, stones-' struck/ us, but did no serious
harm: i Together we backed out into
the water, jumped aboard the boat and
shoved ' off ,. leaving the enemy to howl
out their rage. r|WI
* (Copyright by McClure,' 1 Phillip* & Co.)
THE ' S AN^- FR ANCiSCO : .: SUNDAY.; : CALJl
- Milano ; silenced him with threats and
forced him up the stairs to the room
.- above, where his wife had taken ref
use. Blow afterglow now shook the
door, but it was stout and easilv with
stood them. hen came a. short paua»
a-nd-:— crash— splintering glass show
ered over the floor and a rock landed
in the middle of the room, barely
missing 1 Ilusso. This was followed by
a bombardment of stones through
both windows, completely shattering
the thin shutters. Then came another
silence. All was dark inside; we had
extinguished the lamps. A shadow
appeared in one of the windows; then
the black silhouette of a head.
"Open up," said a voice, "or we'll
¦ «et the house on fire."
I picked up a chair and struck at
the head. It disappeared with a yell.
. followed by a streak of oaths In broad
Geordle accents.
.. "Why," damn it." I heard a roice gay,
"there's an Englishman inside."
My. blow, at the. head had been ac
companied by some strong remarks
which reflected no honor on tha head's
ancestry and parentage — remarks as
vulgar as they were strong, but so
essentially English that only an Eng-
A fifteen minutes' walk brought mm
there.; V First .we \ hid ""our* weapons" In
a • clump of .bushes, outside,; for while
our , entrance into the'v wine room with
naked rapiers in our hands might have
been' strikingly picturesque-;^ it" might
also". have " excited ; some; undesirable
comment, even : in that unconventional
country. .
The bottle of wine was good and soon
disposed of- It so . happened : that ' wo
had - money - with us', '. so another bottle
followed, with. a third close: after. By
this tfme we. were all in a 4 jolly mood,
so Jolly that we .thought it would be
quite .a Joke to let the bos'n' and cap
tain stand our' anchor watch: "Feeling
thus we decided., to go on to Trieste
and take in some of the sights.
Arm in arm, chained across the road,
we five made our .way .* Into ; the •¦ city,
campling the various vintages of the
wine gardens that we happened to pass.
At one of .these places we 'got separ
ated . somehow, and ' Juan ' and I found
ourselves alone. Finally -.we two
A FILL OF
ADVEN
TUREguished woman: of the '.world. th«
quaint, old-fashioned, type andV the
whimsical girl .whose real character Is
so . impossible to depict on canvas . or
iv'ory^
• But once chosen, the expression
must be strictly adhered to, ajid so
naturally working from the combina
tion > of * portrait and > life lessens th«
strain' of both artist and sitter and is
infinitely more satisfactory in the long
ran.139tBsflMB9P9 '¦•"¦¦'¦ '¦- ¦ ¦
• /-In .painting, I much*. prefer .to ? use
some ; simple ¦• evening « frock ; or ? better
yet 'a fluffy"*blt -of (material; that' •will
draper softly and prettily, over. . the
shoulders and arms, farcin t this. wax
the girl > of long ago compares favor
ably .with the one? of to-day. , In hats
there is Just one^tyle that adapts itself
splendidly i to ; all i times and all . needs
and that is tile artistic Gainsborough,
a thing of beauty, in itself. . ¦
my/ mind, this fascinating minia
ture Vannot be too highly, . finished:
there cannot be too great a degree < of
perfection; : .Of '.course, '.this • means
hours. /of labor and of, the most
trying ; kind.' too*. . but, it is well worth
thestruggle-^that is, if one wishes to
make' a success of It.
build j a pretty turn CO ' a p«ar back
ground. The skeleton must b« there,
for while It . is not seen Its > oresenc* . la
distinctly feltr..^ . ; !
'Then comes; the »ifmgl« with colors,
and . after thi» th« knack * of finishing
perfectly/ for great deMcacy: of . touch ; la
required, else the miniatur* Just misses
Its object— that -of . . being . a ; pleasing
picture.- ,. . ; ; , , :. , v . , "»
.-.: i TheTbld .masters j sat for, hours and
Idealized?every,' pretty, face jto such an
extent that ; it was" at most perfect, • bu*.
the . majority i of v people » do jnbtl realize
th'e'j infinite /, amount r of v patience. , the
accomplishment that dainty perfection
of. color,, requires, nor « would » they have
the . patience - and \ endurance :to glye
the A sitting3 from ; life. „ I believe , most
thoroughly^ in ; beginning, from life and
in" putting j i n -jthe ; greater \ part^bf \ the
work*-; the same^way,.] but there are
tijhes when ', a * good ".- picture, I frequent
ly -a sriap"shot,^is "quite "*asj good and
I do hot t k*now;l)ut,-Just a .little better/
The' expression of .the* face 'is'sbieluslye
and it changes ,' so '/quickly ,'it is
frequently ,' somewhat 'ota. problem ; to
know which; would fmakV -the* most
charming, picture. There^is the sweeC
demure " loolv ¦ the haughty; * distin-
should be a little something more. Of
course, everything shouid remain sub
ordinate to the likeness, but the pos
sibilities for daintiness' and prettiness '
are ko CTcat ,that It always seems a
shame to nie not to take advantage
of it. ,ic v '; ¦ , '
¦ Photographs have an ) Immense ¦ hold
on the public, caused by the number of
striking '¦ novelties "¦ that > are so easily
produced "and their comparative cheap
ness, but they will never entirely efface
the dainty ivory, for it has stood the »
test, of years.
Just why, people are so^ prone to think
painters in the "little" mere^ dabblers In
color Is'quite 'beyond me, yet these tiny
bits^of • eentimentallty ' are' chiefly? re
garded as niere, playthings, fit .only, for
a circle * of brilliants^ or ; pearls',"; or . per.-*
haps a ' band ,of dull. gold-f-a • something
that adds to"v woman's . t attractiveness '
and-. •¦ that • detracts " ; , materially V from
•man's' pocketbook.
" ¦} Anyj "dabbler" > will;: tell you that it is
.'useless Wattempti thisj-- sort . of ' .work
without .a. .thorough knowledge^of draw- \
ing. .That is 'the first essential, and • it
is iabsolutely.;imperatiye.">. ; Good; i hard*
years- • mtisti4be"i put ' ihV; study ing i the
human ; body;, if or. "• It' is " impossible to'
. Miniatures, ¦> to ; my.. wax of ..thinking,
Ehould not be mere portraits. There
•X T OW that miniatures have be-
I \ I cbr-e more than a passing lad,
I \ It behooves every 'woman who
V., i« especially Interested In the
dainty work to take it up seriously
and to copy -more and more the style
of the old masters who turned out
finely finished products.
Won:en. I. say. because of all
branches of art. in fact, of all branches
of business in any' line whatsoever,
none fc-ems bo .especially fitted for (her
as this. '
In tbe.flrst place there is something
absolutely charming: about a miniature.
It is dainty,, 'fascinating, fragile. ; In
fact, al tcrsether ; feminize. No i one ex
pects to " see bright reds, -dull ; greens
and vivid yellows 'and - If ; these tones
were used what a hopeless Jumble they
would make. Brilliancy does'splendid
ly In a broaderTQeld o but.it Is "delicacy
that counts • In miniature painting. iThe
softer the, blue, the more delicate' the
pink and the 'purer the white ; the bet
ter, for then It Is like a beautiful flow
er, delicately tinted and exquisitely're
freshing. . '.;:. .'- .;. - ;
The Art of Miniature Paintingaround and around Just below the
shoulder. They were laced together
again with bands of black satin. They
were cut again Just above the wrist.
And the cuff was laced on again with
strappings of the black satin.
One sleeve which suggested a re
vival was made of all-over lace. It
was trimmed ' with two . deep r . taffeta
ruffles. One was sewed on above the
elbow and the other below, so as to
fall over' the '; hand. A ' smaller ruffle
gave the bouffant effect to the shoul
der.
How difficult It Is to give mere than
an idea of the fashions ' that are ' to
cornel .There Is the cloth gown with
leaves cut out .of velvet and applied
with embroidery stitches, so as - to
make a border of the leaves. And
there are little velvet V flowers cut out
arid applied to the cloth. '•'And. again,
there Is a, velvet flower; upon . a long
stem,- applied above" /the '; hem and
again on ' the ' front ; of the waist. ' A'
great deal can be done with these vel
vet appliques.
There are so many, blues this season
recall, was a tight-fitting .waist with a
little frill below the belt. -It was all in
one piece and was all buttoned . down
: before. The buttons were a* feature .of
the basque, ; as was .the, collar. 7 • ;
/The hew basques • are made much. In
the same wav. : Thetrj sleeves ar» ".very
.bouffant,- being finished In any one of a
dozen elaborate ways and . th» neck Is
;fltted» with a ! wid« 1 collar j; or J with -a
stole;; or It Is biitjln *i; bi*r • V,^ outUned
with lace' or j with"* a littld^embroidery.
Thoie ] whb; are"; "not T qi^''»ady i Tto ; 'tilB*
up the tight-fitting basque can try the
boned \ bodice*} whlcli^: !¦ ; now quite the*
yogue^ 4 i One ? venr .> chanalairi model *J»'
; recommend ed\ to^aniwhcThava forsaken^
•th*^ Mouse* .effect *nd jwho] wuld: llk» to
take up '\ the 5 bodice;? (This t model : has : a ;
:aklrt^with1a| yoke f ot ;v flllet\ ¦% laca^thf
I whole ; being' of i black. 7^ The ' skirt "< hangs
r fulljfrom^the?laceTyoke.|Th%hJthere;is
the j bodice, which 1 } is ; brought^dowh \ to
, thVlong^low, boned point in |froHt,'and
i^'fij;tedjove£th^
is" a^ ;"ye*ryj pretty^ style.]|.With'this; bodice
there \ ls f worn", aY fichu \ of r . black '; lace,"
knotted "on the bust," "with the ends" fall-
much used instead of the" lace frill, and
It must ,be 4 admitted that they show off
Just asVwelU^andjin certain cases are
a pleasant change \ from * the : lace. ; A
handsome , brown * gown had : a • chem
isette all , of j brown ; chiffon frills, while
the sleeves (wefe^trlmmed • with chiffon
ruffles, also of I brown."'. ., ; \- "'¦'['¦, ;-':;-/'"'.¦.
G owns", are so universally ¦ trimmed
with* lace ? that one : looks \ for) lace in
stinctively In examining a. new gown.
One dress was entirely finished ; In eta
mine, ' the^ cblojr .'•. being } aTvery % pretty
shade of , greeiu' : ; ' \ Dpbnf the b'ust % there
was ¦ a :blg-bbw of '^the ; «tamlrie"' lined
with" silk : and ¦ the ends : were trimmed
with lace, > ; „< • .'..;"¦ ":¦ '*!¦¦' ¦-''¦''
It ] an •¦ artist ; were ; asked to \ draw t the
fashionable ; ; woman's \ outline [h« iwbtild
have wlth"i the ": sllhbuette,Vrf or,
the bouffant: effects X\. hide * . the
feminine" to^figreat It : Vwas
only a little. whilffaga; that fair, -woman
longed '¦¦' to^-show; off her "formi ? -'3 Now"
she Is , veryTanxibus * to ;'dlsguls'e ' 1 t^wlthi
a . multitude : of f shlrrlngs •/ and with V a
very full skirt. "' - '
And "it Is ; so, also, with the sleeves,'
Ing below the belt line. The hat should
be a tall-crowned one, all waving
plumes/^ ;.-.¦ ;¦;.-
The fitted hip yoke of lace, or of silk,
.with the, boned .bodice with its long,
point in front, and the knotted fichu,
furnishes the model for a style which is
a most becoming one. It makes the
figure look 60 very slender. v>'v.
*A Pointer on the . Neiv : Styles.
VThe long plain front paner is another
step In the right direction^ as far as
becomingness is ¦ ebneerned. low
boned bodice polnt.vthe "longiplaln ifront
panel and the snug hips are" all of great
benefit to the woman who wants to look
>¦ tail "and \ slender; f and rwherer, is 'the ; wo
, man ."1 who ¦ ' does : not desire : '* this ""great
ibbon?" i'".'O '/;•.'¦.' ';-':"¦. ~>i\^ ¦ -
tjlnTa' resume of t tho^ styles of the 'week
J one n^tes'theselthlngs :
:^T^i^¥w^8nj^ea}'orV^ old C shades
. popularised-rorch'id ~f£j plnlcj ./coque de
,iW9hej?fyellowi;^ t Wedg^ood ; . : blue, pale
¦ bro%n»irjipe reddish .tan; and to ', this
jmayjfbe added London smdke gray.* '
¦ One notlcesjalso a renaissance of fnar-
TW^ld^biralit'jNo^wider, than 'a
i many :* cloth
: gowns to ijgtyej^e^a?dlstlnctlon.;* : v -
The ; revival 5 ofjierge 'as a smart fall
.material,^elther,» braided 'or
' trimmed .'with 1 narrow ; ribbon -puffings,
Is observed. ;; , ' ; '; \ '
Bouffant silk petticoats .with, the hem
jto i make them rset]jput (more are .'
! nowj a f eature "of ¦ every^wardrobe.
And cloth gowns trimmed with flow
ers cut out of silk, velvet", cloth or sil
ver or piece lace.
Looking a little ahead, one sees hand
some fur collarettes, reaching almost to
the feet, built of ermine and trimmed
with the loveliest black fur flowers cut
bodily out of pieces of black fur. ;
To this list of fashions should surely
be added the newsleeves, which are so
bewildering and bo numerous. ; One of
the latest Is made of: piece lace, fitted
to the arm like the ; bark of the tree.
But'betv-^n the elbow and the shoul
der there are three wide ¦ lace ruffles
and on each ruffle' there is a little ro
sette of black velveLv;
Around the 'brims of ..'fall he is are
thrown wreaths of autumn leaves.
These are In all the fall i colors, deep
green and deep red and -bronze.^ They
are made into garlands and are caught
at the back. with a great bow of velvet
ribbon with very wide ¦.'< V ends. The
round ha,ts with broad brims '. are par
ticularly pretty treated In this man
ner.*-,, . v ' ¦; ¦ .. .¦ ,.' ', .
. One fall hat 2 was deprived of its sum
mer trimminc-andan place of It "there
was- a 4 wreath ; of crimson, roses Bet
around the, crown. A bunch -of the
roses nestled underneath and set off
the hat. A chiffon veil, with a scal
loped border, was draped pretty well
back upon the hat so that the ' ends
trailed at. the back over the hair.
In the world of coming styles one no
tices more than anything else the even
ing gown, which is so charming that
one can see little else. Its colors, its
elaborate allover lace, its lace ruffles
and its great variety of lace trimmings,
these all go to make It so charming.
Some Ideal Gowns for Fall.
. There are gowns that have the lace
chemisette fastened in the back under
, its rosette of , blue tulle, all exquisitely
trimmed with the smallest steel beads.
These jetted or beaded rosettes for the
back of the neck are lovely, but care
must be taken that the beads are not
heavy enough to weigh it down, or the
rosette will sag instead of setting out
smartly. .
Rosettes and balls of chiffon make a
very pretty trimming. In the middle of
each there can be a little ornament or
the rosette can be round and designed
to stand out smartly at the back of the
collar. -These same globes - in smaller ;
size are pretty at one side of the yoke
and ] are frequently seen also In the
front of ; the girdle."
' The"; woman who knows how to pipe
¦ should ' use ; her; talent for the finishing
'of, bands of lace. She should run a lit
tle piping along both edges of the lace,
: and ¦ ehe ' should also ; pips the sleevo
A pretty brown silk dress for early
fall has a deep flounce, upon which are
applied lace roses, cut out and appll
qued to the flounce. Heading this
flounce there Is a band of spangled Jet.
Another gown is built of black cloth
with a deep foot flounce, all laid in
side plaits. The only trimming con
sists of black braid two Inches wide,
put. on in swirls, three rows extending
all the way around the skirt. .
Puffings of silk ara greatly used. Rib
bon two Inches wide is shirred along
each edge and pulled tip to make a
very smart puff. Sometimes the shir
string Is run a quarter of an Inch from
the edge o! the ribbon, so that there Is
a little beading of silk.
• One very smart Parisian gown is
trimmed above the hem with a band
of ribbon eight inches wide. It is
shirred in four places with a shirring
running the entire length. This creates
a 1 series of little silk puffs, which are
very smart Indeed. .
Looking ahead into fall one can fore
cast the styles with some accuracy, ex
cept in the matter of sleeves, and hero
one falls completely, for the new
sleeves are so varied that one can
scarcely predict what Is to come. Dame
Fashion says, "Walt a few day* and I
will show you the prettiest sleeve of
alL"
trimmings, the upper edges of th«
tucks and all other trimmings applied
or Inset. There Is a perfect rare for
pipings and the narrow line of whit© or
blue or black Is a feature of all the new
gowns.
French folds rank first as a trimming
and these folds vary In width from tiny
narrow folds to those that are wlda and
striking. , .
There Is a passion, also, for dangles
of all kinds, and these bans; suspended
from different points In the waist, but
particularly from the girdle, from the
rosettes, from the vests and from the
medallions. You can ret up. a wonder
fully pretty sown by employing these
dangles upon the front.
There is a new note sounded in tn»
waistcoat line. The most brilliant
vests are .being made of flannels or
gorgeous hues. These will be *™*™l*T
ered and liberally embellished with
braided and cut-out designs. Some
thing really startling is promised m
fall gowns, along vest lines, fcr tne
vests of fall gowns. And she who la
going to build a fall dress should wait
and see what Is to come. Vests of
scarlet are braided in gold and deep
yellow vesta are covered with Jets.
In the trimming line there are
spangled passementeries, which ara
very good. One trimming is built upon
a basis of narrow scalloped lace. The
entire lace is liberally spangled with
jet until it forms almost one solid
trimming. This Is used In rows upon
the skirt.
~ And. speaking of cascades and crin
olines, one comes to the question of
lining the ekirt. Shall it be crinolines
or not ? Several of • the . new skirts
show a very cliff lining, reminding one
suspiciously of the ¦ crinoline. . Others
are rufflled Inside as well as outside
to make them set out.
But there Is still '.another petticoat
fad . and one that has grown steadily
In favor eince its introduction some
weeks ago. This fad Is for the wired
eklrt. A light wire is run In the hem
Nearly all the skirts are made short
If Intended «for street wear, though
here, again, one comes to the dissent
ing vote. There are women who will
not wear the walking skirt, and for
such women there is no skirt except
the one that is of round length sweep-
Ing: the floor in the back and more
than touching In the front. These
skirts , are undeniably elegant. And
as they must be lifted from the ground
there comes the petticoat question
again.
The new petticoats are very bouf
fant to make the skirts set out. In
deed, many of them are so full and
so abundantly ruffled as to look as
though they were crinolined. They
cet out In a veritable cascade of ruf
fles and lace flounces.
Skirts Both Long and Short.
So many gowns are trimmed with
velvet bands headed with a little gold
cording. And each hand Is treated a
little differently from the one above It.
The gold braid is put on straight; or
In swirls, or in scallops, or in a con
ventional Grecian key design. This
gives the gown a very handsome ap
pearance. '
So. if London and Paris are ahead in
some things, it can be truthfully stated
that there are many styles In which
America leads the world.
One of the best of the gowns of the
year is one that was made In a Fifth
avenue establishment for a woman who
goes out a great deal. It is a winter
calling dress, made in a shade of brows
known as walnut brown. The skirt
has a very deep hem and, above the
hem, there are 'four bands of velvet of
different widths. These are sewed *>n
along the upper edge only. The bands
vary from one to four inches. Another
gown had bands sf 1 wider. .The waist
of this gown was a marvelous blous j
falling in a great puff over a wide vel
vet girdle. The front was open to show
a vest all of canary thread lace.
The heavy canvas yoke is quite a
pretty feature of early fall. It is made
of cream colored canvas cut In little
scallops around the edge, for it is 1 an
overhanging yoke finished like a cape
collar. The little ecallups are bound
vith silk,- a::d each is worked with a
little flower. A big scallop of the can
vas htngs over eacjy~shoulde*r like an
epaulette. This style can be recom
mended to any one who is making over
an old dress or planning a new one.
Skirts both for day and for dinner
are trimmed very plainly. It. Is a sea
son of almost deadly simplicity, but
this simplicity costs heavily. It means
that materials must be very handsome,
and that they must be beautifully made
ar.d exquisitely fitted. And. also, that
they must be well carried, as the Eng
lish say. '•>.
And speaking of the English It may
be remarked that Londoners are copy
ing American fashion in dress. There
ere many things that are distinctly
American, and these the Londoners
eagerly grasp. It is to America that
the 'English women go for their shirt
waist fashions, far their sailors and
ready-to-wear hats. And it is to this
country that they come for their neat
shoes, for their bouffant petticoat
styles, and for the very handsome nov
elty goods which the American looms
excel in making.
The Deep Canvas Yokes.
The sleeves, if you will believe it.
were of a different material. They were
made of brown liberty and they con
sisted of lengthwise puffings put to
gether \vii$. white silk cordings. ! It
looks as though the contrasting sleeve
would return.
One dress was in cloth
with tht: -oke laid in alternate shir
rings and bands of lace. .A little dark
brown silk was worked in the yoke in
the shape of pipings and narrow shir-
It is once more the fashionable thing
to stroll in Central Park and very prei
ty afternoon costumes are donned for
this purpose. They are by no means
tailor-made dresses, but smart day
gowns with plenty of lace trimmings,
yet showing signs of fall.
One must b->! distinct ajid individual
in one's fall gown. One cannot be com
monplace, f6r the fashions will not per
mit. Indeed, individuality is the strong
point of the season's dresses. 'Each one
eeens to be very different from the
others.
This serge gown was cunningly braid
ed. It was made in that ubiquitous
style of Eton and skirt with a Bhirt
waist of silk of a different shade and
material. The Eton was short, / box
plaited in the back and rounded in the
front. The sleeves were nothing more
than two big scallops of braided cloth
over silk undersleeves, finished with a
braided turnover cuff of silk at the
wrist.
Yet It was made of serge. Serge, that
old material, that common cloth, has
come In style again, and very nea^and
natty It looks. The finer qualities of
6erge rival much more expensive goods,
while the heavy, coarse qualities look
not unlike the imported winter cloths
that are so fabulously dear.
BY AUGUST A_PRESCOTT.
«^T HANDSOME woman . walked
/ I down Fifth :ivenue the other
f™| day, past the new Carnegie resl-
I dence and along Millionaires'
"* row. dressed in a eo»-n which
bore unmistakably the earmarks of the'
French couturiere.
¦ .
New colors- are .seen, new
Iaccs are shown and new mate
rials are spread on the counters,
while new ideas mark the new
dresses of the waning year. Lit
tle hints on the new trimmings
and how to use tuckings- and
bands of velvet. Utility gowns
and eowns for nice wear.
? : The -French dressmakers are making
the^' very snug; waists with the ; little
tignt-flttlng. basques. And- the old
fashioned, basque is danKerouslv, near,
at'hand again. :\The basque/if you will
%hIcK"are^ai^bj5uffaht" aa ftHey r cari;be
"¦with", the^ r fulIne^s^cre"epini r t6wardJth'e
shoulder.* How t long will It be 'before
there* Is*; the "shoulder »puff again, with
ltt^fuilnesV; and' its 1 'crinoline,' its
1breadth*'and its width? : K - .
'The silhouette of the .woman of, the
season is something like -the hour
•glass. .There is the little waist, there
are the wide shoulders, for which one
,must thank the Gibson girl, and there
Is.; the fu*lir wide sRirt.; The hips are
clingins-'and' the -walstjs laced tightly,
•but ; the 'shoulder's arid the : hem of the
sKirtfarejbdtHVwide. {; >
The St. Louis Exposition has done a
great deal? fof "woman's styles, for/it
has^madej them'more .uniform, j There
. of a getter al - drlf ting ; in
opposite ; directions,* and^: It? looked at
.6hV time, although . part^of ;the femi
nine' world ¦ would' go' irttoT.the!crino
lines,;while the other. half would cling
to. the tight skirts.. . '. '¦¦'¦ .''
Purple Is not Quite as good style as
It was, though there vis -always the
heliotrope gown. But instead of purple
there Is pistache green and there is leaf
green and there are ,-the^ brighter
greens. One cannot' get very , nice .win
ter weig! tclothslnall these stfadc^. •
In the evening; fabrics orchid ' plink
shines forth as being very ; handsome
for evening, wear, and particularly is.
It nice for'dlrtners and: where the. lights
are to be Lrilllarit. '• Orchid '- pink ' is
trimmed, with- bands-of rose .bordered
with "pipings of bla k. TrlrnVning'/a;
gown of. this description * there: are
cream lace - ruffles i"*.nd ' a chemisette
worked with ; black slik. ;
"The button question /continues -to be
an Interesting one,*, particularly^ as ap
plied to sleeves. ,' One of It^e prettjr
sleeves of the week is; buttoned all 1 the
way down the back. A frill of lace fallg
down the outEide, setting; off the "but
tons handsomely. 'The • frill ': reaches
from the shoulder to. the waist, for >tbe
entire back of the j sleeve is slit V open;
filled in with lace and buttoned up
again with little brass buttons.
Another gown, this one made of dark
green louisine, has a slewe that V is
wrinkled to the' elbow. It is slit and
the silt Is finished with a row of bullet
buttons and a lace frill. 'J
Chiffon' frills to match the gown ar«
tHat, one* need hot go 'begging for the
right one. " They lie on every hand,
but China blue and Wedgwood blue
are perha 3 the prettiest and the most
popular for the mome.it. Bv*. a, little
later fancy will revert to royal blue
and navy blue. These two ,,blues are
exquisite in, midwinter and 'they' well
deserve their long run' of popularity. >
Frills nrnl Buttons. \ '' ' V
A very nice dinner gown was made
of china blue veiling. It 'was trimmed
hi conventional style with bands of.
embroidery runnings around the neck
and vyrists. 'There' was a band of em
broidery downline front and a band of
tne same down /each shoulder. The
sleeves were very large, with tucks at
the upper par|. -'" , .'
One lovely pair of sleeves v/ere nyjt
It is difficult to draw "the line be
tween the nice street 1 dress and the
dinner gowns, between the toilets that
are meant for v" reception wear and
those that are for less: ceremonious
use. ' In these, days of light colors and
of fine materials^ one does not know
where one begins and the^ other leaves
Off.' 1 * .•
Xlcc Dinner Gowns.
of the 'skirt; another wire Is run In
the skirt a few inches higher,' and 'a'
third at the head of the flounce. This
makes a petticoat bouffant in the
prettiest way possible find it Is a style
which can be recommended to every
one who wants a handsome skirt.
The new dinner dresses are exquis
itely finished with lace and with
flounces and all the trimmings which
mark the season. But. those who' want
a. handsome plain gown cam take an
evening: dress of voile, of liberty, of
louisine, of taffeta or of figured silk —
any of the heavier evening material*
will do — and can finisn the skirt with
tucks. Three wide, flat tucks are laid
right above the hem. '; They are of
varying widths and theje is a very
little embroidery above each. Or, in
the case of street dresses, there is no
embroidery at. all, but sometimes a
tiny rim of velvet or of gold thread
above "the tucks.
THE; SAN' FRANGISC05 SUNDAY ;GALL.
NEW GOWNS FOR AUTUMNAn old colored man living near Olds
burg, In Pottawatomle County, named
Shannoff. has a queer kind of a cal
endar. Tbe eld fellow can neither read
nor write, and to tell the days of the
week he. has seven spools on a string.
Every morning he moves a spool to
the other side cf the string, but owing
to his present sickness he forgot to
move the spool, thereby losing a day.
He told the doctor that the day was
Wednesday, so the doctor moved an
other spool down the line and put tha
old man right with his calendar.—To
p«ka (Kan.) Capital.-
us 1 aery
should
never fall
to ear of
her - all the
mean and
abusive things
he can think of
or make up, with
a generous sprink
ling of real bad
words. A man has
bo much more Inge
nuity - in Inventing cuss
word's, when a mother-in
law is the inspiration, besides
It adds to spectacular effect.
If a wife has a dog. he should
kick the little beast, emphasizing
It with a large sized bad word every
Of course there are other more bru
tal ways of scooping up matrimonial
misery, hut we coukl not indorse them.
A drunken man is too horrible, but the
husband who artistically festoons him
self with a low-cut-decollete-swallow
tailed-dress-sult-club-house jag can
make things equally lively 'and divert
ing, and can generate a tankful of mis
ery on surprisingly short order.
If the foregolnc recipes do not dish
up a copious, highly spiced Hung'ry
goulash cf misery, then some people
will' have to make the best of existing
conditions and try to reconcile them
selves to the old-fashioned matrimonial
state of things, and be happy though
married.
Another misery whooper-In is the
question of finances. A stingy man is
a perennial mlserv bloom. Tell a wife
that she would ruin a Carnegie, and
poke your nose into every detail of
housekeeping. It will prove an unfail
ing misery-breeder.
Criticize each other in the most vi
cious manner. A husband should
nsver fall to tell his wife that no mut
ter what* she puts on she'd ¦ still look
like a fishwife on Saturday market
night, and praise in the most unstinted
terms everv other woman he knows,
adding that he wonders whv he did not
marry so and so. instead of tying him
self to a dilapidated-looking frump.
Snarl and sneer at each other like two
half-sick. Ill-natured terriers, and It
will surely send the misery up Hka
mercury in the S0'3.
If the husband does not or will not
work, he should hang around the house
.all day, finding fault with everything
and everybody. Incidentally cuffing the
kids. This is one of the prettiest mis
ery-etchings known— a real work of
art.
. If a wife has a past regardlnr which
she is particularly sensitive, the hus
band should never forget It himself,
nor allow her to do so.
Every time a . husband wants to go
out a wife should start In with a tear
ful rage that she knows that he is go
ing to see some other woman. Tha
more spasmodic she becomes the bet
ter will hubby ; be pleased. It tickles
his vanity to know that she thinks
he can fascinate another woman, and
a husband raves over a wtfe who Is
jealous and suspicious to the verge
of insanity. It makes him feel so un
comfortable and Important. If she
punctuates her reproaches with a few
finely drawn hysterical fits, the misery
wiil fairly bubble over.
time he comes into the house. His
B. H. will call the dog a darling.. and
hubby a brute, but the huntlng-for
misery hubby don't mind a little thlnsr
like that. \.
the< wife should greet him with a choice hysterical outfit If
there * Is ; anything that a man fairly dotes on, It is a hysterical
woman. : The louder she whoops up the misery, the better he
la pleased. /
If the husband Is a newspaper man, and reaches
home dead : tired, about 3 a. m. and wlf ey insists
upon' holding: a. prayer meeting over him,
which perhaps he sadly needs. If he dqes not
•hoot off some blue fire- "langydges,"
then he "is not the kind of N.P. M.
that I know all about.
A woman who can always bank
on* a , copious supply of weeps
has her.misery right on tap.
It hurts my feelings , to
Introduce a mother-in
law .'here; but she Is
Vuch . '; an Important
dramatis personae in
the matrimonial
misery , pact, a
pronounced . side
Issue, as it
were. The
B. H. who
craves a
revel of
and ' tied it • securely; to ; the , side , of ; the
car/ *¦-.¦•. }'¦• ; • ¦ > ;^^9iHBSBHBP8I^KB98
-* Then a he .curled -,up comfortably^; on
the seat, V and I despite % the : discomforts
'of .;.-¦ cramped ; quarters \ and ;* voracious
mosquitoes.": was ¦ soon . snoring J lustily.
-He was.: awakened by^a peal of rlng
¦ ingr ' laughter.- j He : rose i from 5 the f seat
and rubbed" his .' eyes. Before \ him - In
;the '^dusty. ; < roadway .*. stood < a. . ' t young
woman,"? and,\ as he > looked, 5 his heart
beat faster. ¦/:'.¦_ . -:.v" :.:,.• ¦¦-.;-.¦. -,';'- ;v- > '.-
he* cried, -i.
t ''Oh;i It's/; you!" ,-" she* said. -"I - a might
have ':;¦ known ; it. ".The ;' sign . ¦ and ? . the
snores : ; ; should have disclosed.' your.
identity."f i;.' '. ¦-• : ' : .-.. v; -¦..;-: -..~
- "Was. :I- snoring?" Densmore asked
anxiously,^ as: he jumped down from
.the'seat.;-.",' ; \., ; '....-/.'¦-.. .".'¦„.•.. .-';. -v.v. -
"I "have; been ?5 following": the i sound
for/ the ; last % mile ( or | so," v she r laughed.'
,VSck you're^ In $ trouble,^ too ?','/.;> : ; 1 .
¦ V As ¦ you see,'? £ said - he : wavin g his
arm > toward Uhe : car; :. "And ; you ?" '
sticks : he had purchased in ..the
that.:" morning. -t.This^he -•, pressed.; Into
service, 7 . and.; with a* pencil "Inscribea
in , large \ letters ", the pathetic ' appeal : - •
"."* "Busted— Please Help!"
' An Vr hour ; passed by -, and not t a" soul
appeared. What s ' with reading X stale .'
¦ news <and listening 'to -the 'sighing? of i
the ;.wind ; through ' the : pines, Densmore
was -becoming ; sleepy.-— He v searched .
beneath* the seat* v and""; found Vf some /
wrapping .paper .tied \ about;' some Jgolf -
THE , touring J car "coughed spas
modically, 'stopped, :. crawled, a
few .rods :• ahead, ;.f .'and', - ' then
stopped" again.- Densmore,.curs
.Ing. vigorously, tested v various
grips ; and 'levers -without [results.' " : If
was evident that "something was'fadl-;
cally : wrong, .but what Uhat , something,
.was Densmore, who . was '.very ' much
of an ' amateur,' was at' loss . to disco ver.
. ; It Vwas' too .far t to "'. walk") back; to ; the :
hotel, .'and heaven only < knew how far
ahead this : stretch of -wood - might 'ex
tend. -The ; safest V plan seemed ¦ to ; : be,
that of waiting '."patiently^ and ; trusting
to the aid' of ' some passing, automo-j
bile. ¦ Fortunately, ; the r - car., had -come
to its, final 'rest ; in the .^shadow » of. ; a'
big. pine.'. Densmore" found <a\ copy :< of
the morning * paper J in ; his ? coat: pocket;
and climbing;- back Von -v the \ car, he
settled back comfortably ¦ to 7 read Vand'
wait for aid. ; ~ * : : ;
¦By-;Bapry, Preston
SALVAGE
"—love Ivy Lyle. I've fought against
it— for I can't afford to marry her, as
you know. But she has rather swept
me off my feet, old chap! At first I
was taken with her innocent beauty.
There was no one at this big hostelry
to compare with her for good looks.
So I let myself drift, I thought she
was Just a dear little country girl, and
that it would-be easy to say a senti
mental farewell when the summer was
over. You know what these warm
weather flirtations amount to. So I've
been gcing to see her, steadily and tak
ing her everywhere. v We've gone danc
ing and swimming and, boating and all
the rest of it. • And— by Jove! all
Even then she hesitated. But the
three words were so significant she
must know * their writer's full mean
ing. The page was the continuation
of a letter. And the first three words
at the top of the page were "—love
Ivy Lyle!" Impulsively, giving her
self no chance to weigh the niceties
of honor In the balance, she scanned
the page.
big. rose-lined sunhat was very
white. Her lips quivered a little. The
hands that held the vagrant sheet
trembled.
*1 thought," said the girl to her
self. "I hadn't begun to care — in that
way. I was only becoming — attracted.
But the shock — the disillusion "
When she had started out an hour
ago for her usual brisk morning walk
along the crisp, shelving sands, she
had been one of the most indifferent,
light-hearted of girls. She was dona
with college, and the two years of for
eign travel that had succeeded school
as a sort of polishing process. She had
perfect health, and misty dreams of ail
the veiled future held In its keeping.
She had esthetic tastes, and her skill
In athletic sports was the admiration
of her less vigorous girl friends. Sho
bad been having a beautiful time down
at this gay, unconventional resort on
the Michigan coast. And now — well,
temporarily it seemed that her pleas-
Tire was spoiled.
And in her heart she knew that she
must have been beginning to think too
much of the man whose attentions to
her had been so marked, or else this
discovery would not so affect her.
Sitting to rest and watch the white
crested waves ' come curling up to
break on the border of the lake like
threads of rarest lace, her attention
had been caught by a small, white,
whirling object that at first sight she
had taken for a bird. -It had whisked
lower and nearer. Then it floated so
close she could put out her hand and
grasp it, and she found It was a sheet
of note paper covered with . diminutive
chirography. It was written on the
stationery of the fashionable hotel
looming up on the dunes behind her.
At first she had been about to crumple
It up and cast it aside. But in the very,
act of doing so a name — her own name
— met her eye.
/ / O that's the way the land lies,
V^is it?" asked Ivy Lyle.
The sensitive face under the
'He was planning— planning. .Oh, that
cruel, cruel letter! But— the fast time,
he had said.
She ' flung up her head and < smiled at
hlm.'_ "Yes, I \ will . go ! " she said.
They_ were -very I gay : that (afternoon,
almost' recklessly ; so. They had lunch
eon at', the Jrin: near • the - springs, and
floated back between the .wooded banks
just as the day was closing.' When' they
came to parting 'at:^the clump' of 'lilac
bushes in the lane that led. to the farm
house JackJArdsley.; leaned forward and
looked Into" her^eyes. ' ' ) -. • ;
"Dear." - he said, .. "I Jove you ! . I love
you, : and I can't"; let you go , out of my
"And won't you come, up Black River
to-day?" entreatingly, almost tenderly.
"It : may be the last; time!" ¦¦¦ . '¦ ¦
"Damarls Chase and her father are
to be here this week, they tell me.
And she's the girl the heads of both
our houses expect me. to marry!: She
may have the good . taste to . . refuse
me — and I almost hope she wilL She's
a great heiress, and the consolidation
of the business Interests would be a
capital thing; but, oh, hang me if I
thought it would be so hard to get
that little girl's sweet face out of my
heart. I must do the sensible thing,
and co In for the twenty thousand a
year. Lord ! but Tm . sorry for those
poor devils of kings who have to wed
for reasons of state. I feel disgust
ingly like one of them. I'm sleepy.
Good night— I'll finish this'ln the morn
ing. Ten to one I dream of Ivy Lyle!"
It needed no signature. The; writer
was easily recognized. She crumpled
the paper tightly- in ; her* hand* and
thrust it into the ¦ blouse of her. gown
as a rapid, heavy step came
down the . beach. . That step had be
come too pleasantly familiari|. Could
he have known- the sheets had been
whisked «out of his room? 'Had*:he
seen it blown down to the : beach ? •
"Good morning. Miss Lyle!". He
flung himself down beside her. His
handsome, • boyish face looked " strained
and set, as though insomnia had
claimed him. "You're out early. Will
you go rowing with me to-day up to
Clear Springs?" -
"I— I can't!", she faltered.
she's mighty quiet, I've come to find
out she's not the typical little country
girl at alL She's well-read and trav
eled, though she seemed rather aghast
when she let that fact out. And she
looks at a. fellow In a cool, apprising
sort pf way that makes him feel pretty
cheap— If his spoken thoughts are not
quite up to her white standard. ¦•, But
she's not really In the social swim.
She's a native I take it. It's been hard
to pin her down ,to any confidence
about herself. She lives with a very
dragon of an aunt at a farmhouse on
the edge qf town. She wears her cot
ton dresses and shade hats in a way
that takes the shine out of the women
up at the hotel, but I've never seen her
sport any of the swell clothes they
wear to the hops here. Oh, confound
itl What's the use of my mooning
away to you at this rate? I've got to
go away and try to forget her before
it's too late.
Densmore caught her hand in his.
"I said lots of things about this car
when it broke down on me this after
noon, but I'll take them all back," ha
said.-|S9BBnpHHMmnBHBa|
The girl's eyes were intent on the
fleecy clouds drifting across th* sky.
"Breaking down isn't half so bad,
after all," she mused.
Miss Trevor^ flushed. ,
VI shall cut the ; tow ' loose," said she.
"Why- don't you cut It?" said he.
. VI— I - haven't * a knife," she faltered.
-"Would you if you had one?" he per
sisted. ; s
•' There was a long wait before she
vouchsafed ' a reply.
¦ ": VNo,". she ' said • gently. .
•¦.; "I .'am stalled '. a . mile "or. so above
here. \: I , came , along looking '. for help
and - found— this," ¦ she ' laughed, nod
ding, toward the machine.
Miss "Trevor : was '; loQking over the
machine'with critical eyes. , '
: "If . you simply,; connect [ the ; feed pipe
iUwould^beas good -as new," .¦ she said.
\ ' v Densmore , crawled beneath the , ma
, chine; l and ; under! Miss ' Trevor's dlrec
, tidriJV; the " pipe ": was repaired.
; VNow? we'll go; after your machine,"
he announced. '
. r He ; helped her: in and they sped up
; the^road: j , , •;'¦-.
: "And • now," said -Densmore j as they
headed ; for; the '< hotel,-? "we_ must - settle
on ; the; salvage. ;,Of.cou"rse"rIj shall : de
mand j it. *_:, It is always , customary ,•* hen
you tow. a" disabled craft Into' port." -
-. "Indeed!" said 'she.
']* He ; nodded (gravely.^ vt
. >"1 hope '-I'm 1 not too .high in my de
mands, "/saidhe. '.: ,; ,''.
ii'.'What are they?", she asked._
. > . ''Well, " ; said \ he, :."I -demand j in j return
for.towing s you:,to'port;a chance to; fln- ;
lsh out' the, conversation ,which you cut
short on the bluff i two nights since, ; and
I i also, demand*, that i'you,' answer T the
question '• I :' was : ; about - to .<• ask ¦; at ; that
time 'in the affirmative. 'V^sKS
life— ever! : You don't know much -of
me, Ivy, but— will, you be ;my wife? 1 !
"What," she, faltered, "what about
Damarls Chase?":
He took her shaking hands and held
them fast. .
"Who in -the world has" been, telling
you of her? I've never. seen her, but
our fathers have vast interests in com
mon, and have been anxious to arrange
a match. 'I don't say I didn't think of
being complaisant. Darling, some time
I may get up' courage to teir you how
near I came to, being a paltry coward—
my ;' profession -to .give you everything
that I. shall -be i sure to' win." ! ..
" She had^not-.beenVmistaken-inletting.
herself love him then. •. For she did love
him— she did; And > she had. known it
air the while. -She lifted her shy, flushed
face:- ."' '-''iti'.'^i ¦ : . ¦"'¦ ".¦ ' ? ' ,
"J .will be a good wife' to you, dear!"
she promised. "And he kissed her on the
lips.t^§g^g[|g^^.' : ->;-.
That night ,whe.n he'sbught her at the
• dance'at the inn' he stood amazed. .That
lovely lady, in \the.; snowy; / shimmering
gown his demure, little country lassie !
Hov,r superbly she carried herself. And
those . diamonds around her white
throat' were worth a fortune. She
smiled up at his amazed countenance.
¦ "AuntJ Agatha and I did not wish to
be bothered "with attentions'," she whis
pered, "so \ we've been living incognito.
I expected my [ father to-night and
dressed to .do him, and you,'' sweetly,
"what honor I could. You , will • pardon
me," as she signed for a boy who had
brought her' a . telegram, - and -broke the
seal , 4 of, the message. ''Detained," she
read. 4 , "Will be with you to-morrow."
handed Ardsley the, yellow" slip.
It was signed V Jasper " E. Chase" and
it , was addressed to & "Miss Damans
Chase!"; . '» •- „ •
-"That,"- she said, "is my. name."
-•"Ivy!" he gasped.
;"Damaris Ivy iLyle Chase! You poor
boy! ' Come • out! on the balcony; they
are "staring at > us." V
"Come— you ; base deceiver!" .
a; few, years I'll work , so j hard at
how ' desperately I
tried to I make my
self think I could do
without you. But I
cannot, and that's
all there is' to' it. If
yotf can endure be-
¦ "Peggy may be forgiven If she dreamed
of raanv things after. that— of an old
gray castle in the hills of Coburg: of
three letters and a royal title preceding
her own name; stationery bearing the
crest of ' the '". triple-headed eagle. In
fact, she did dream much of these ad
vantages at first, and ' the Interesting
German , of } that first Wednesday night
hop was suddenly vested, in her ; mind,
with much romance and much ellgibil-
Then— oh, heart of woman! — after the
first romance of the thing had, worn off,
and his Royal; Highness had begun to
repeat , his rather slender ' i store ', of
bright : remarks. . she .found herself
dreaming of Donald .Macomber, and
wondering .why he ' had not come back
to her as 'all '<¦ the others had. She re
membered that 'Macomber had always
been masterful ; and ' high-handed, even
as a sui tor, and that - it was because he
had been unwilling to.yield some trivial
point- that she - had I broken with ! him.
Peggy, ostensibly to relieve the va
cant feeling in her heart, began a
desperate flirtation. In" a week's time
Munsterberg was her slave. Where
Peggy went there; went he. He drove
w5th her; he sailed. with her on the
lake; he climbed:" the mountain with
her. As Peggy's satellite he seemed to
have found his > true vocation.
It is doubtful if Peggy entertained
a really serious thought of the Ger
man .until the day Jack Motley dis
covered—by means of a crest on a
silver* brandy flask— that worthy's true
identity.
•"TNEGGY met him first at one of
%hj the . Wednesday night hops at
|^ the Waconessett inn. He was
X somewhat more than passably
good looking, fair haired, of a mili
tary build, and German. His name
was understood to be Munsterberg. He
danced a number of times with Peggy
and finally they began . to sit out
dances in a quiet corner of the veran
da, where, with their chairs close to
gether, he talked to her in English
with. the faintest of German accents,
and * she replied in American-made
German that set them both laugh
ing. •
The advent of the German was
timely for Peggy. She had Just fallen
out 'with Donald Macomber, had sent
him back the ring, and being in the
after-throes of a broken engagement,
the was sadly .in need of diversion.
The German seemed to give good
promise of this. He was well bred,
possessed of that urbane, finish that
much travel alone can give and, more
over, after that first dance with Peg
gy it was plain to be seen he was very
much] In love with her. '.'
The rescuers fished them out— Prince
Ludwig Wilhelm of Coburg-Gotha first,,
for he was far spent. And while at
the inn they were rolling him : in hot
blankets and pouring brandy down his
throat, Peggy was laughing and cry
ing hysterically on the shoulder of
the other Prince— although he was not
known to the world at large by ¦ his
title. It 'is true— and making a _ most
absurd confession. When she had fin
ished. Donald's face was very grave.
"But If he had drowned, what then,
Peggy?" he quest^ned.
•'Coburg-Gotha could have got along
without a Prince better than I could
without you,"- she said.
Peggy deliberately put one little foot
on the spreader, and In a moment they
were in the water.
When she came to the surface sh«
was seized by a strong arm, and a big,
tender voice said evenly:
"Don't struggle, dearest; yon are safe
with me."
And Peggy closed her eyes and was
very happy.
Not so his Roval Highness of Co
burg-Gotha. He was floundering about
miserably, and shouting spasmodically
between. choking gurgles:
"Help— in God's^name, help! I do not
swim!"
She began to think seriously and to
compare his Royal Highness with Don
"ald. And when the comparison, point
by point, was ended, Peggy was a very
unhappy girl, to whom the castle la
Coburg was a nightmare.
And because of all these thins* th»
throne of Coburg-Gotha barely escaped
losing its heir.
It happened one August evening. His
Royal Highness was paddling Peggy
slowly about the lake, singing, as h«
paddled, little sentimental German
songs, and looking very contented.
Peggy gave the song no heed. She
was watching a solitary figure In an
approaching canoe. The figure bent ta
the paddle in an easy, familiar manner.
There could be no mistaking those
broad shoulders and that curly brown
hair. The two canoes drew nearer.
The man In the other canoe looked up.
Peggy 'smiled and bowed; Tha man
nodded coldly and began to paddle
faster.
Something seemed to dutch * her
throat. The Prince was Quits forgot
ten. She realized only that Donald
Macomber was paddling out of fi«r
sight and out of her Ufa.
•'Donald!" she cried.
He paddled on with never a glanca la
her direction.
. "Donald!" she cried again, as ha still
gave no heed, she tremblingly stood up.
His Royal Highness gasped.
"Sit down— sit down!" he urgsd.
By Kate M. Cleary
BY
BREEZES BLOWN
married
h«* *°*
her mon
ey, be sure
to return
the charge
that the Van
d e r a storbilt
wad would not
compensate a fel
low if she had to
be thrown in. That
ought to produce a
choke-ing misery sensa
tion.
If the husband belongs to
a club which is "the dearest
spot on earth" to him, and
he lingers there lovingly until
the sun • gets up to see if he walk's
home like the figure "I" or the letter-
When a husband's bachelor friends
call be should not fail to just rub It
In, what a luckv dog he is to have es
caped matrimony. There is a wild
throb of misery in that
Never neglect to Impress upon a
wife that you only married her be
cause she was "so stuck on you"
that you felt sorry for her. If she
essses you back and says that you
As a first matrimonial course, be ever
ready to believe everything that every
body tells you of your spouse, particu
larly If the information Is real nawsty;
It will then be such a soothing eyrup
to your wrought up feelings.
Never miss the opportunity to Im
press on your B. H. what a' fool you
were to marry when and as you did.
This reiteration is to married life what
the lemon pe«I is to the cocktail—Im
parts the flavor.
The husband should always remind
the wife that she has grown so ugly
that the very sight of her upsets his
digestion, if he adds that he don't know
how (in a cuss word) he could ever
have thought her pretty; it gives a
dash of paprika to the entree.
In my sympathy I have burned sev
eral ounces of midnight spermaceti In
formulating a code " that cannot f aiL
(That sounds like a patent medicine In
stead cf a real misery ad.)
Happiness is doled out in homeo
pathic doses, but misery is dished up
In real appetizing chunks. That Is more
expressive than elegant, but, it demon
strates truthfully.
As a misery eye-opener, be sure to
call the "soul of your soul" a fool or
an Idiot on every possible occasion. It
roes without Baying that he or she was
or he or- she would not have married
you, but that part need not be referred
to.
ily experts have reduced their
embonpoint worrying over the propo
sition, while the starved majority who
love to riot In misery have been left
to their own ignorant and unaided de-'
vices.
CT\HERE has been much pungent
I discussion lately as to how to be
I happy though married, wherein
J[ preachers, critics and happy, fam-
:'SAN3;FRANGISGO: SUNDAY; CALI1
HOW TO BE
MISERABLE
THOUGH
MARRIED
When the
Prince Wooedthree times was he , made' a prisoner,
and three times was he ¦ disarmed i at
the head of his military forces, namely,
first," in the ditch at Strasburg; second.
In the farcical bungle at Boulogne, and
third, ; in the debacle of Sedan. 7 Never;
theless the "Man of Destiny" could do
a graceful thing to avert an. ill omen.
Captain > Jean : Coeurpreux,-: in at ball
given ,' at : the ; Tulleries, Just :, after; the
declaration. of the war against; Prussia,
tripped and fell In the dance. IThe. air
was charged with electricity, and ,what
at any other time would have been re
garded -as ; a ¦ laughable '¦¦>: mishap,' now
created -' consternation^"* But . Napoleon
held '• out his hand to help him , up, : say-
Ing ; as l he ) did i so : '.'Monsieur J le - Com
mandant, this is the second time I have
seen you fall. : The first : time was ,by
my, side in the field of Magenta. 1 ' iThen,
turning, to the tedy,' he added; • VHence
f orthi j Captain :¦ Coeurpreux Is > •»«
mandant of my guides.? "
j"1 replied : . 'I ; wish . her • to ' give ; phy
sical I manifestations. J such * as the ma
terialization; of ; hands, v, of : the , entire'
human ; form, i spirit \ voices, • illuminated
stars,'.- sparks, > rays of : light, ¦ floating
balls •• of * fire, floating musical • lnstru-
,"I - found the proprietor to be a
youngish- gentlemanly sort of a fel
low, ¦ apparently refined : and educated.
I told him that a lady •' friend of mine
in an Eastern city— all gospel truth
had some medlumlstlc power, sufficient
to move a 'table, produce rapplngs,' etc.,
but that; her v ; gifts -had not enough
money ¦¦, making.: power In : >' them to en
able* her.; to. support ' herself and those
dependent upon : her. ..'On, receiving
your card ; from J a friend,' I continued,
'it, occurred to me that you might help
her.*"::. ; >./.¦•¦¦''."'., .y., ,; '.¦;...;¦ ".;;. -
.1 ".VWhat kind ; of ; phenomena^would
you prefer that your lady, friend should
produce ?L! asked 1 he. ': \ " .
He placed this card in the hands of
his "brother, , B. '/, F. Funk, asking, him
to Investigate -, and make a report. In
his report B. F. Funk says, among
other things:
•pkEV. DR. ISAAC K. FUNK, an
\jj earnest investigator of psychic
jA phenomena, throws a strong
¦• :V light upon the methods of fraud
ulent spiritualistic, mediums,
according to the ( Homiletic Review.
Here is an odd business card which re
cently came into Dr. Funk's posses
ilbn: '-.
"He told me much more, and ended
by this business turn; 'I can fix up
your lady friend, and so lrstruct her. If
she 'Is clever — cleverness is essential —
that she will be able to earn from 150
to $70 a week.* *"
".*My friend has not the power of
ventriloquism. How will she ba abl» to
represent the different voices?*
"Again he smiled, and finally brought
out an aluminum trumpet and several
mouthpieces. It was a revelation to
hear the different voices he could pro
duce, and the rapidity with which he
could change from one voice to tha
other. When my back was turned I
could have taken an oath that I heard
two different voices speaking at the
same time.
— sometimes both at the same Cm*.*
"This gave the fellow much auiat fan
at my expense. Finally he oaid: "That
reminds me of a seance I one* attended.
It wns held by one of the best mediums
In Chicago. There were a number of
fine materializations — understand m*.
when I am with the spiritualists I am
an enthusiastic spiritualist. The next
day a wealthy woman who was a be
liever called on me. She said that sho
enjoyed the meeting the eveninx before
very much, but that she wished to aak
me a question. She desired to know
whether spirits really perspire, for shs
had detected the odor of persairatlon
on one of the forms. She spoke with
such earnestness, and her Questions
struck me as so ludicrous that I had
to excuse myself and went out and
laughed myself almost Into a convul
sion. "When I was laughed out I re
turned, and with a long face, said:
"Yes, our dear friends materialize in
perfectly natural bodies, and hence, of
course, perspire on a hot summer even-
Ing, just as the rest of us do." Her
faith was fully restored.*
. "I said: 'I know a man who had his
little child on his lap, and It demate
rlalized while he was holdlnw It.*
M 'Certainly; that can be done easily
with the d. e.'s.*
¦•'.." 'But I , have been where I was
permitted to touch the hand of & form.
It seemed .warm,' as if flesh and blood.*
"This seemed to amuse him greatly.
Finally he said: 'Yes; it does feel pre
cisely Uke flesh. But this is another
phase of the business. " It la all ex
plained when the outfit is sent.'
¦"To my repeated questions how this
and: that was done, .his almost constant
answer was that these secrets were
part of his stock in- trade. ,
. "/But, I ' Insisted, I : have seen some
times the medium and a spirit form
stand ¦ side by side, and I have taken
hold of their hands and talked to them
" 'It Is so simple that you will won
der why It Is that people do not de
tect it at once. When you understand
It and understand the modus oper
andl.of handling it, you will be much
imusll'
" 'How about slate writing?*
% " 'Perfectly simple.'
".?With tied slates, glued and
sealed?'
"'Yes; oh yes. I have laughed un
til my sides ached after a seance at
the remembrance of how easily and
completely the d. e.'s (dead easies)
were fooled. To see a doting father
take the materialized form of his dead
child on his knee and pet and kiss It,
and then hear the little one say:
"Now, papa, I must go; I feel I am
getting weak.", and then see the child
slip from his lap and disappear, to the
Infinite surprise of, all the faithful —
it Is more laughable than an Artemus
Ward "wax-flgger show." *
" "Is there no difficulty in manipu
lating this machinery or parapherna
lia?' :•/• ''.'
ments, trumpet talks, slate writing,
mind reading, etc. Are these things
within the scope of your art?"*
"He Bmlled at the modesty of my
wish, then said:' 'All this Is merest
child's play, provided your lady friend
Is apt, quick-witted and has nerve. I
am furnishing help after this sort to
the mediums of Chicago — they all
come to me; I know, them all.*
1812, the Emperor arrived at the Nle
men, the "extreme frontier between
Russia and Prussia.' As he appeared
on the banks of the river at 2 o'clock In
the morning his horse suddenly stum
bled and threw him. .A voice crled>out:
"This is a bad augury. If this occurred
to a Roman general he would turn
back." It is not known whether It was
the Emperor himself or one of his suite
who Bpoke the words. "The next day,"
says an eyewitness, "scarcely had the
Emperor, crossed the river than a dull
noise agitated the air. The light after
ward became obscured, the wind rose
and the sinister rolling of thunder was
heard. The heavens , had a menacing
aspect, and the bare, shelterless . earth
presented an appearance that filled up
with sadness. Some of those who but a
short time before were inspired with
enthusiasm were now shaken with fear,
as if they regarded these circumstances
as of evil omen. They believed that
these fiery clouds which were gather-
Ing, over our heads were forbidding our
entrance Into Russia.". At. any rate,
those wise after the event declared that
they had portended -the burning of
Moscow, with its appalling ' conse
quences to the grand army. , Then, on
the morn of Waterloo, the : Emperor:
met with yet another ominous mishap.
As Gudin, his page, was helping -him
into the . saddle he lifted the Imperial
elbow too . suddenly, and . Napoleon
pitched over on the off-side, nearly
coming, to the ground. ¦ . . -:'v?:
A vast significance ,was attached in
the old: days. to mere; numbers,' and an
Innate potency was . supposed to -.be in
herent with each of them/ In :this re
spect, there" appears to have been an
evil destiny influencing 'the last, im
perial ruler 'of when -, he pre
ferred to designate v himself ' Napoleon
III, instead of u calling r. himself
which he ' really was, , Napoleon' IL^ The ¦
number three . became his • fatal num
ber, and indicated his destiny.^ He- was
engaged In' three Indiscreet ;warB,. tha '
Italian, the Mexican'and the Prussian.
Three . times was he a banished ' man; ;
kingdom. with both hands. Fremantle
thinks that it is probably an adapta
tion of the story of Caesar's landing in
Africa, when, having stumbled, he,
with admirable presence of mind, ex
claimed. "Thus I take possession of
thee, O Africa." When William was
arming for the battle of Hastings his
squire, by accident, handed him the
back piece before the breast plate, an
evil omeji signifying flight; but the
Duke again turned the mishap to cheer
ful account. "Yes, the last shall be
first," he said; that is, the Duke shall
be King. .
Others, however, there have been
who have met the evil omen half way,
so to speak, by throwing up the
sponge as soon as it occurred. On the
morn of the sanguinary battle of
Shrewsbury, Hotspur called for his
favorite sword, arid on being told that
it had been left behind at the village
where he had spent, the previous
night, he turned pale and said: "Then
has my plow reached its last furrow."
Before many hours had elapsed the
power of trre - Perdes was shattered
forever, and their great captain ,was
a corpse. At the hoisting of the royal
standard at Nottingham in the month
Of August, 1642. some delay took
place. It was with difficulty the stand
ard could be fixed at the place select
ed, the ground < s being , solid rock.
Scarcely had this object been accom
plished by means of digging into the
firm stone with the daggers and hal
berd points of the soldiers, when a
fierce gust of wind sweeping with a
wild moan across the face of the hill,
laid prostrate the emblem „ of ¦: sover
eignty. Many persons regarded this
accident as a presage of evil, and. the
lowering sky of evening sympathized
with the general melancholy, that lay.
on men's spirits as, any further at
tempt : being ; abandoned, the . standard
was borne back into the castle In si
lence. ¦¦ >¦, \\;\; ' ; '¦</, •:-.¦„': .: >¦ v. .
Napoleon's invasion of Russia was
inaugurated by real as well as meta
phorical gathering clouds.' On June 23,
goddess," while being carried In
procession to give additional eanctlty
to a religious service connected with
the war, has created a sinister lmpres
eion throughout the empire of the Czar,
says the St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
And no wonder. The greater majority
of Russians Implicitly believe in miracle
working pictures; hence when a cy
clone capsizes the vehicle In which an
Ikon is being carried and deposits the
eacred article In the mud. It is not sur
prising to find that the contretemps
should be regarded as a manifestation
of divine displeasure, and as such an
evil omen In regaftl to the fate of the
Russian arms in the Far East. In the
uncertain volcanic atmosphere which
envelops nations engaged in war, every
throb of the political ground is acutely
felt, every tremor in the air Is caught
by the ear instantly, and It is thought
to prophesy an issue. The air of a trou
bled state soon becomes thick with
tigns and prognostics; everybody be
comes an augur, a soothsayer, an in
terpreter of dreams; every event Is
hailed as a bright or a black omen.
However, some great warriors have
been gifted with the ready wit which
has enabled them to pass off ' what
might reasonably be supposed to be an
unlucky portent as an auspicious sign.
For example, Leotychldes II of Sparta
was told by his augurs that his pro
jected expedition would fail, because a
viper had got entangled in the handle
of the city key. "Not so," he replied;
"the key caught the viper." Then
every 6choolboy knows the story how
William the Conqueror fell to the
ground on landing at Pevensey and how
this was turned to a lucky omen either
by William himself or by a sailor cry
ing out that he took "seisin" of the
t T is reported that the accident which
j befell the most sacred ikon in Rus-
J[ Bia, called the "Inversky mother
¦- ¦ ? •. . ? -_ "".''?
MEDIUMS TO ORDER
tnem, and will at tne same time allow
the most beautiful thing she possesses
— h*r~ delicate hair— to lie . uncovered
to catch every stray particle that may
choose to fall upon It, thereby clogging
its roots, filling Its pores and dulling
its color. Protect your hair well on all
occasions of this, kind and you will
not- need^so often to wash It;, for too
much washing, aa you know, ruins the
most beautiful things.
When you have finished the house
work and are ready to sit down at
your sewing or darning, or perhaps to
scan the magazine, you very naturally
do not want to waste the precious and
pleasant moments of the day strug-
the hair and note Its added pliancy
and grace.
After breakfast you will no doubt be
ready to dust or sweep or clean clos
ets or beat rugs or to do some of the
innumerable things about the house
which set the dirt a-flying. . Before you
begin this stop an Instant and care
fully pin a cap or even a plain hand
towel about your hair, covering it
thoroughly, bo that not a particle of
dust can settle on its coils. It is strange
how a woman will --palnf uly stretch a
sheet across her dressing table, . pin
covers about her pictures and throw
dust clothes over her bed "before be
ginning to sweep, in order ' to protect
ends that fly in stray wisps about
the cheek and throat. A wo
man's hair is like a plant's blos
som; without it she is gauntly unat
tractive. The moment a little bride
forgets to curl her hair and is satisfied
to twist it up in a hard knot at the
back or to wear it straggling . in her
eyes while she goes about getting the
breakfast she is teaching her husband
to forget to caress her and to be sat
isfied without kissing _ her good-by
when he starts out to business. It
takes just ten minutes longer to make
oneself pretty for breakfast, to fasten
a belt about one's waist, to pin the
shirt waist down snugly, to. put on a
fresh color and to arrange one's hair
as gracefully as one would for com
pany. Isn't it worth while to set the
alarm clock ten minutes earlier mere
ly for the self-confidence and pleasure
this gives if for nothing more? Then,
too, the hair may be cared for, just
like a growing- flower, all. day long,
without once stopping the housework.
The hair is just like a flower. It
should be given sun and air and water
like a plant or it will cease growing
as a plant does. It should be tended
about the roots, cared for and pruned
and watched like the most delicate
rose that ever bloomed. And like the
rose, the more care and attention it
receives the longer will It retain its
contour, color and luxuriance.
If the little housekeeper will rise Just
ten minutes earlier each morning and
fchake her tresses out to the winds,
she will feel the cool morning air on
her scalp like a refreshing draught of
water. Put your head out of the win
dow, if you can, and with the fingers
grcr.tly massage the scalp, beginning
at the forehead and working back
ward to the nape of the neck. This
will stimulate the blood through the
scalp, will stir up the dead cuticle and
will invigorate each hair with new life.
A very, very few minutes spent In this
way each morning will give to your
hair many more years of beauty and
color. When you have finished divide
the hair evenly with the comb into
four or five portions, and with a stiff
brush give each portion twenty or thir
ty good hard strokes. Then arrange
housekeeper. Somehow after her
wedding day, the girl who has elected
to bury herself in pots and kettles and
pans for the Eake of a poor young man
loses all identity with the dainty,
charming little creature who first
caught the eye and heart of that
young man. Actresses, in spite of
late hours, hard work, travel and
cosmetics, retain their bright eyes,
beautiful hair and good complex
ions often, until they are too old
to see to read their lines. Busi
ness women keep their trim figures
and healthy color through tedious days
of nerve racking responsibility. But
the woman who does her own house
work often loses her freshness in the
first year or two after her honeymoon.
Somehow she forgets* to curl her hair,
after she has washed and dressed the
baby. She has no time to make pret
ty frocks when she must make so many
beds, and pies and biscuits. Worst of
all, in her effort to keep the domestic
regime emooth, she lets her little fore
head become wrinkled and furrowed
in her anxiety to keep her husband's
pocketbook fat, she lets her hair get
thin, and In her desire to ksep the par
lor straight, she allows her lithe, young
flgnre to become crooked and slouchy.
Running a bouse and making a home
is woman's most difficult and most
beautiful work; but there is no excuse
for any woman to remember everybody
and everything else in the struggle
and to forget her own se!f. No man
will thank you for serving him a sweet
pudding with a bout face, for launder
ing him clean shirts ana socks and
Igolng about with a dirty smudge on
your nose, or for keeping a bright fire
on his hearth and a melancholy look
upon your face. He would be much
more grateful if things were the other
way about. Men talk a great deal
about the woman who is useful and
who loves them, but they, nine time3
out of ten, fall in love with and stay
In love with the woman who is beau
tiful and loves herself.
Among all the disfigurements which
a long apprenticeship at housework
¦eems to bring:, nothing is worse than
the gradual thinning of the hair abouf
the temples, the slow appearance of
gray at the edges of the once beautiful
brown locks, the acquisition of stringy
THERE Is no woman upon wnom
Time so delights to take his re
venge as he does upon the unof
fending and unsuspecting little
poo a gooa tax soap or a plain castlle
Boap — nothing else except warm water.
Do not make the bath too hot and do
not put ammonia In it. To attempt
to burn your hair out In this way Is a
fatal mlstaJr.o. Scrub thoroughly, rub
bing the scalp well and washing the
hair as you would a piece of cloth.
Above all, rinse the hair thoroughly in
warm water and be sure that every
particle of the soap 13 removed, so that
the pores are free to breathe. Dry
the hair in the air and the sun. Fan
it, if you like, and nib it with the
towel, but avoid the life-killing, hot air
from the radiator or the gas stove, ir
you do not want to rot and ruin the
best part of your locks.
Nearly half of your life is spent In
bed and thus nearly half of your life
your hair is in tight pig-tails and curl
papers. This la unfortunate for many
reasons. First of all. it keeps the
scalp from the air and Is not good for
the roots of the hair. Secondly, it
would drive the most devoted man to
the other woman or the uttermost
parts of the earth. Take quite as much
pains Jn arranging your hair for the
night as you would for a party. Do
not attempt. to- put 'it up-convention
ally, but dress It ' picturesquely. One
of the prettiest night arrangements Is
the Marguerite fashion of two plaits
down the back, loosely woven and
gracef uly • parted. " ;
Above all, little ¦ housekeeper, keep
up with the fashions. Do not sit at
home until you have forgotten what
"style* Is, except through what you sea
in the fashion magazines. Remember
that all day, on his way to business,
at lunch and even among the stenog
raphers In his office, your husband sees
women with fashionably arranged hair
and he is unconsciously comparing you
with them. It Is all very well to talk
of beauty, regardless of style, but
beauty Is never Independent of style.
Things are beautiful only because they
are considered so. It Is not necessary
for you to be outre and extreme la
dressing your hair, but to look young,
you must at least afpproximata
the latest style of hair dressing; to
wear pompadours when they ara fash
ionable, a part when It is In vogue, or
a bang when other women art wear
ing them. You can, however, always
modify the style to suit your own fac«
and If possible always pick out tho
most picturesque fashion. At present,
nearly every girl Is a picture, becaus*
the beautiful Madonna fashion of wav
ing the hair, parting it In ths mlddl*
and knotting it gracefully low at tho
back of the neck Is tha most pio
turesque style possible. It aaams to
accord with Gainsborough and shep
herdess hats, with roses tuckad In tao
curls, with quaint whits muslin
dresses, and with every other t&forlto
of the artists and the stage.
Usually the little housekeper Is too
poor or too frugal to patronize the
hairdresser, or to Indulge in a sham
poo at a dollar or half a dollar at one
of the big hairdressing establishments
in the department stores. And so. In
an In Irregular, off-hand sort of way
she "washes" her hair • when it is
"dirty" or "sticky." For this "wash"
she uses any soap that may happen to
be about the house, rinses quickly and
dries her hair over the radiator. Such
treatment will kill the finest hair In a
few years. You should decide upon
a regular Interval for shampooing your
hair, and you should "shampoo" it. If
you have very dry hair, do not wash
it oftener than every three weeks, and
you might let it go for four weeks with
prudence. If your hair is oily you may
indulge in a shampoo every two weeks,
but not oftener. Some girls, during
the rage for fluffy hair, were In the
habit of washing their hair once a
week or oftener, a process which took
all the natural life and oil out of the
finest locks and left them dry, hard,
dead and ready to fall out at the first
sign of Ill-health. Use for your sham-
Cling: over your appearance. You
haven't time for everything, you argue,
and you must get the mending done or
you must read and improve your mind
a little, or you must nnlsh a niece of
fancy work. Well, do it; do any or all
of the things you want to do or ought
to do, but first choose a sunny corner,
by an open window, and, sitting there
with the sunlight filtering In on your
back, let down your locks to the winds.
Let them blow and play about your
shoulders. Give them chance at the
air and sunlight, just as you would
give your flowers • that, chance to
breathe and to draw in life. The divine
Sarah, Bernhardt never confines her
locks when she is in private. All day
long when she Is at home they fly to
the sun and winds and are untouched
by a hairpin or ribbon. That is why,
even as a grandmother, she still has
golden tresses instead of iron gray
wisps of hair.
Nothing is so good for the scalp) and
the hair Itself as a daily sun and air
bath and nothing is so comforting or
less trouble.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY- CALIT
RADIUM
1 MEDIUM'S PARAPHERNALIA.
Crowns, Belti. Hands. Heads, < ValU
and FuII-alze Figures all Illum
inated with tha new RADIUM
Usht. Will appear grad
ually, float about room
and disappear. ¦
ETALL, WORK CONFIDENTIAL.
Chlcaso.
THE HAIR OF THE LITTLE HOUSEKEEPERSCIENCE OF DAILY GROOMING
(Blossom).— : Take three war. i, soapy
tub 'baths each week, and during
warm" weather a' sponge bath of tepid
.water; -will be. refreshing Ion the alter
nate nights, .taken before retiring.
While it Is necessary to keep the body
exquisitely clean, a very thin girl
should be ,! careful - not to . remain
In a, warm bath too long, as it Is .very
¦THE LAUNDERING OF PONGEE
(Violet).— Garments of pongee silk may
be successfully laundered in. thls~man
ner: Rip off any buttons or trimmings
the laundering qualities u- of *.whlcb are
doubtful or liable to stain, the silk" in
process of cleaning. Half fill a tub [ of
convenient '.¦ size with ,' lukewarm water,
and , make a moderate suds | by shaving
a scant halfcakejof white laundry soap
in' two '-^quarts -ot boiling water; when
dissolved strain; Into the tub of water.
Be sure and gtrain to avoid haying any
small 5 particles of softened 'soap find
lodgment Jthie silk, which would
cause aa .ugly, stain. : Force 'the water
through the Boiled' silk by squeezing
the' fabric In the" hands -and plunging
up and \ down . in the, suds; 1 do not . rub,
as It .riilris the texture of the .goods.
Rinse- In ..three clear '¦ tepid : waters ',to
remove 'every trace* of soap, wringing
with^rather "moderate 'pressure: cshake
sharply, to free' from wrinkles and hang
In \ the i shade to ; dry. To , facilitate dry
ing; always wash fine, garments on, a
bright breezy day.'.: for » slow' drying Is
apt V to f streak .' silk. Do : not • starch
pongee,'; It ruins its appearance, causing
It. t to "-wrinkle badly and easily;
bluing' Is also superfluous and ' unless
TO DARKEN BLONDE EYE
BROWS (Helen).— Your eyebrows can
be greatly improved in a few months
by careful training. Daily brushing
from the inner corner toward the tem
ple will excite the hair follicles to more
healthy action and cause the growth to
assume a pretty curve. An application
of plain yellow vaseline will stimulate
the growth and darken the shade of
the hair In a few weeks. As a matter
of convenience two small brushes
should be used and kept expressly for
this purpose. ' One brush, should be
kept perfectly dry to complete the day
toilet and the other used for applying
the oil. Either the very small nail
brushes or small, tooth brushes, such
as are sold for the use of children, will
answer the purpose nicely. After the
nightly face bath dip a brush in vase
line and gently stroke the .eyebrows,
always outward, following their natu
ral outline. Careless use of. the brush
or the finger tips will dislodge many
hairs .which, might otherwise be pre
served;. Repeat; the application until
the skin will: absorb < no more.; occupy
ing ten o~r, fifteen minutes In the work.
With a soft cloth wipe away, any sur
plus'oV either side of the- brows. I
suggest this as a matter of neatness
as; well as^ to prevent an Irregular or
superfluous^ growth of hair on the face.
Be. sure, however, you leave the hair
of the: eyebrows quite oily. Once or
twice during the day you may also
apply a very, little vaseline to the
brows: ; If carefully done It "will not
give the . skin a gr'e.asy appearance and
will - materially hasten" the darkening
process.
ERUPTIONS OF THE SKIN (Mary).
When the skin is^ very oily and al
ways more or less disfigured by black
heads and pimples, it clearly indicates
an over-secretion of the sebaceous
glands and impaired circulation, which
must be relieved before a better condi
tion will prevail. Skin foods, under
these circumstr.-res, should be strictly
tabooed, except in a very small quan
tity and when absolutely necessary to
prevent the skin from actually becom
ing rough from exposure to the wind.
Additional oil for the skin is absolutely
useless, for it aggravates the condition
and thus creates more eruptions. ( Fre
quent bathing, to cleanse the congested
pores, Is of paramount importance and
when followed by massage to encour
age more perfect circulation a cure can
be begun speedily. Turkish wash cloths
and towels are too harsh to use when
the skin la sensitive from eruptions;
use Instead soft towels and cloths ot
damask. A bland pure soap, such as
castile. is most refreshing; a mild
astringent heating lotion and some re
fined toilet borax will also be required.
Before retiring make a lather of hot
water and soap and rub over the face
several times with the finger tips doing
the wc/rk thoroughly; this will assist In
setting the cfogged pores in action. To
a basin of hot water add a liberal pinch
of borax and wash the face to remove
the soap, rinse with clean warm water
and again In cold water fo close the
pores, dabbing the water on with a
clean soft cloth. To the cold water
used should be added ten drops of sim
ple tincture of benzoin. With thumb
and finger press out the worst black
heads and pustulated pimples, dab with
warm water, dry and baths the. spots
every night with the following healing
lotion: Take one dram of gum cam
phor, two ounces each c-f water and
best alcohol and two drama of milk of
sulphur: dissolve the gum camphor \\n
the alcohol, then add the other.Ingre
dients and shake well each time before
using. The materials • for.'; this , lotion
may be obtained f run any . high-class
drug store.
TO BLEACH THE SKIN*(E. E. ,B.).
As the sensitive qualities of the skin
differ with each Individual, I cannot
state positively Just what degree of
strength of peroxide of hydrogen you
can safely use to bleach the skin of
your- face without injury. It is rather
risky at best, but if you insist on mak
ing a trial here is a safe method. Get
a pint of peroxide of hydrogen and
have a perfectly clean quart bottle In
readiness. Put one pint of clear cold
water In the bottle and one-fourth pint
c-f the hydrogen, shake and then bathe
the face with the solution twice each
day. Always be particular to precede
the application with a thorough face
bath, drying the face on a soft towel.
If no irritating effects are felt afi;er. a
week's use, gradually increase tha
strength of the solution until it is equal
parts of hydrogen and water. Continue
the treatment for a month and then
discontinue for the same period and re
peat If necessary. Always keep the so
lution In a cool da'rk closet, as it spoils
quickly if exposed to strong light. Be
very particular to keep the solution
away from the edge of the tyalr, eye
brqws and lashes, for It will bleach the
hair.
us&l In very minute quantities will
muddy, the clear shade of natural
pongee. Iron the silk while still damp,
but not wet, using as cool an iron as
will remove the wrinkles. Press on
the wring side and be sure to have the
ironing board heavily padded, as hard
wrinkles In the pad will cause ugly
shiny streaks on the goods. If such
streaks should appear by accident
sponge and reiron the spot.
enervating ana also apt to still fur
ther decrease her weight. The girl of
16 vear3 should not use a face cream,
only occasionally, unless the skin
seems very dry, and this la rarely tha
case unless an , anaemic condition
prevails. When the face or lips chap,
then, of course, one or two applica
tions of a slightly oily cream Is essen
tial to restore the natural softness of
the skin. A very little purs talcum
powder on the face after the bath is
not harmful, but it should never b«
used unless the skin is perfectly clean
and should be washed off thoroughly
before retiring to prevent clogging tha
pores, which would result in pimples.
An excellent cream to soften and
whiten the skin is made thus: Take
three ounces of oil of sweet almonds,
one-half ounce each of white wax and
spermaceti and two ounces of rose
water. Cut the wax and spermaceti
in small pieces, put in an enameled
pan, set in a pan of hot water, and
when the Ingredients are melted beat
in the almond oil and lastly the rose
water. Beat continuously until tha
mass forms a smooth white cream.
As you hair is abundant and curly you
should have no difficulty, after a little
practice, in arranging it In a becom
ing manner, puffing it out about the
face without the aid of snarling or a
"rat," neither of which I can recom
mend- Snarling the hair Is very
harmful to its growth and condition;
the vigorous brushing and combing
incident to freeing it from the mass
of knots when dressing it breaks and
wears it off rapidly.
when he brought, her nome from
school In the middle of the term to at
tend a great ball. She was more Inter
ested in her. dolls and making dresses
for; them than she was tn ; the great
six-footer who was to act as her escort
and ; frankly told " the family so. But
go to that ball she must said her
father, and go she wouldn't eald she to
herself. Upstairs she was sent to dress,
and when the hour came it found her
new frock hanging limp and dripping
arid her highness tucked away in her
bed, sleeping serenely.
Of course, she got a good, sound
spanking, but she went to school the
next day and escaped the wile's of the
six-footer until she was nearly six
teen. ', ,
But In this age and .generation, the
girl who marries even at the age of
twenty or thereabouts is an innovation.
Arid'the'reason for It is simple, enough.
Education \ meahs'more than it did : and
travel infinitely, less, and- so'the hiaf^
rlage ¦ date, Is ; ; pushed < farther. "arid ; far
ther forward;.and in the meanwhile ;the
lassie Is having 'a';jblly; gdqd. time;' free
from - the" inany : demands put upon" the
shoulders of ; the society matron..- -.-.^
* i In . this country.' as^iri; no ; other j land,
girls" are possessed; of *a' freedom, , a sort
of ; personal 'liberty, that they are some?"
what'loth'tpfglvejup: In no. respect 'are
they; like the -French, glrl^ whose -entire
future.' depends 'upon finding. a hiisteand
and In finding ! him - as - quickly arid fas
quietly • o a possible. ; And then) V again.
American girls, are pushing so-vigor
ously; Into, the, business , field i that f they
are ¦ more or • less .¦independent. , To a* girl
who; makes ;a good { salary,' has but one
to) look i after "and to -please/ but brie to
account to, for her follies "ajad:her r peri-
Answers to
Correspondents
So then, what is the marriageable
age of women? If not too young and
not too old, what Is left? Why betwixt
and between, of course. In other words
anywhere from 24 to 2$. By that time
a girl shouid have arrived at a time
ot understanding and should know that
it. Is wiser to choose on a basis of In
dividual fitness and not upon,individ
ual caprice.
Then. v, too, she should have learned
something of the problems of life, and
it is her.own fault If she blunders head
lcng Into such an arrangement, for
the marriage, even under most favor
able circumstances, cannot be given
too much forethought. It Is all very
well and'good to give*. advice' as. to this,
that' a!M the other thing, but it is
frequently the part o,f. wisdom not to
accept this selfsame advice. No one
should help shape the destiny of others
—though, there, are scores of people
who fairly revel when poking their
fingers into matrimonial pies.
Perhaps, after all. as there Is no
time set for the coming of this love,
which is supposed to be. the basis of
happiness and contentment, the time
to'marry'ls ."when a woman, young or
eld. meets the man she loves."
. And when one stops to , think of it,
that sounds • surprisingly like an old
fashioned love match. Does It. not?
nles,, marriRge. Is somewhat of a re
sponsibility, that Is quite as well post
poned Just another, year arid then
another. Splnsterhood loses many, In
fact, all. of Its terrors, and after a girl
has reached the age of thirty or so, It
is pretty good . to look upon, and she
eits down In her own cozy room and
thanks her lucky stars that marriage
is on the wane, -^i s ¦>/¦
Then is more than apt to come the
blase age, and it is not what one would
call ¦ either satisfactory or comforting.
Nothing Is absolutely pleasing. Con
tented? Perhaps, after a fashion, but
not absolutely so. There mujst be din
ners, teas, theaters, flowers, anything
to keep things up and humming, yet if
any one called her restless and un
happy she f would snap her fingers and
strenuously deny the 'allegation.
V She has no home life, and either de
votes her time, energy and talent to
her wbrk, to some one's else business,
or to having a rattling good time, and
what \vould Interest a blase woman of
35 would shave shocked ner beyond ex
pression at 20. #
anouts. wnat does she knqw of health,
heredity or social influences? She haa
been too busy wrestling with studies,
too busy attending dancing classes and
too busy having an altogether delight
ful time to ponder over life and its
many responsibilities. Each day as it
passes is the one day for her, and the
disappointments that chance her way
are heart-rending.
Besides all this, her ladyship has in
all probability delved into the family
library or nine times out of ten Into
the public one, and her head is filled
with all sorts of romantic notions, that
are certainly very pretty but not very
practical. She imagines that the man
who cuts a dash Is the one to be proud
of, and in her unsophisticated way flut
ters and colors every time he chances
to even so much as glance in her dlrec^
tlon. In fact, so much of a hold does
he gain on her that she follows blindly
where he chooses to lead, without
thinking or realizing) any thing but that
He is calling.
In a measure it is both the foolish
and the wise age. Certainly it is the
happiest age of all, and the wise old
saying. "Where Ignorance is bliss it la
folly to be wise," is particularlj
apropos. Of course, barring the possi
bility of going too far. Everything and
everybody is good, and, in fact, the
world is a highly delightful place to
be in.
But here comes the trouble of sweet
sixteen. She is too wise and refuses to
profit by the experienceSjOf those who
have learned a bit of wisdom by hard
knocks. She may be told that the man
who pleases her at sixteen is not likely
to be the one she would choose a few
years later. But would she believe it?
Certainly not, for she realizes that
there is plenty of happiness in the
world, and she has not yet awakened
to the fact that there is likewise quite
as much misery.
Young people are bound to be more or
less Impressionable and romantic, and
no matter how , closely they are
guarded it is bound to out. Let them
alone and their severe case of "puppy"
love dies a. natural death, but defy
them arid away they go rushlnc head-
long Into matrimonial snags, from
which there is no remedy.
It is for the world, and all like tha
small boy. who was left in charge of
hlg baby sister. "No, no; you mustn't
do that," and straightway the brow
beaten one . determined to do or die,
and when physically I restrained sobbed
out In a fit of rage that "he was Just
t'rylnV to boss her." • .
And so It is with this half-grown-up
woman. She is Just being "bossed,"
and she don't , take the trouble to rea
son with herself that perhaps she Is
being saved a life of drudgery arid dis
content," which would. have been avoided
if she had only waited a few years arid
better equipped herself .for the struggles
and responsibilities that marriage is
bound "to. bring..
The girl of the early days ; married
young, It is true, , but the conditions
were vastly different; arid femininity
has changed not a little. In the time of
the war of ,'61 romance filled the air,
and every soldier ¦ who • marched away
from his chum; or sweetheart rode back
as furiously as he could to ; claim her
for his very own before some "other
fellow came gayly along and , laid siege
to her. heart and hand.
In the ; early days \ of ; California girls
were almost at a premium. Men came
by the [ dozens, (¦ but families j chanced
along only now; and then, and 'when
they did .were , hailed t with delight .by
every ellglbile man within; a' radius of
fifty or more miles. • And jeveri !then
when the girls; were in clover.' more
than '; half of them'; were riot married
because they cared ," a ; fig ', about "the
nieri, but merely, because! it seemed
quite the proper, jhlng" to; do, 'arid be
sides It was expected of; them/
; Not that : they/all did Just 'as they
were , bidden ,' In \ those \ days, r ahy more
than they 'db v how,, for one small lassie
I ' wot of absolutely, defied - : her father
First of all, there is the young wom
an—the real young one, eay 16 or there-
O-T T wnat age snouia women mar
f I ry? Without question, thia is a
I | difficult problem to solve, and
X the easiest way to answer is to
immediately grant that circumstances
alter cases.
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH
WHAT WOMAN
WANT TO
KNOW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MME. YALE'S
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
ICmc. T*Ie «ay«: A llttla Almond
Blossom Complexion Cr tarn ihonll
b« applied every time the fact
and hands art washed. It resioves
the duit. soot, rrixne. ssint and
¦mufisre from the interstice! of
th« skin and makes ths snrfae*
smooth as velvet.
A daily necessity at home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of« the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face,
tnd that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars;
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural bcautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massage purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. YaJc's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in two sizes by
OWL DRUG GO.
(Both Stores)
1128 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80cDAN'S DEBT
Fables for the Foolish A FAILURE EITHER WAY
By
Nicholas
Nemo
are only lOOlcents in a dollar. If we
will ¦ only r face our mistakes .-; fairly,"
trace J the - chain «jof circumstances that
led , up , to ¦ them, . put = our,; finger; on . the
precise ;point.at which we went astray,
we f are ] so j much • better ' able i. to ; walk
circumspectly afterward,; to let thehot
stove alone, to wear sufficient clothing
when; we are exposed, to /the .cold, to
By the Parson
A Man
and
His Mistakes
And how. much we may, learn '[ from
our. mistakes! \ There is a great: deal of
good sense in the clever" saying, ' "Ex-
t £ T T was worse than a crime,' it was
j a blunder." . Thus a sagacious
J[ yet kindly old gentleman was
wont to speak concerning his
own and other people's "mistakes, and
thus at times we all feel when disgust
ed and mortified. because of our failure
to do the proper thing at the right mo
ment or because of some painful 'error
in judgment, . some unwise move, some
stupid action.' The ' consequences/ of
these mistakes are '¦ likely j. to ' follow*
swiftly, and; usually; cause us uneasy
moments, } not to say sleepless nights.
Somehow we feel a little different about
them than we do regarding our, actual
transgressions.' The ¦ latter "may ' be
charged up against/ some j seductive
temptation, or we may; get them!for
given. But when we •• have t ' done not a
bad : but: aj foolish' rthing: it brings /a %
peculiarly irritating sense of failure and
weakness, of /which/ it ' is hard \^to f rid
ourselves. ¦ /"« " . :
v > After this , the :¦ only other ; thing we
have, to do. with our mistakes is to
forget them. Having faced them
manfully, gotten, the t - lesson, 'out. of
them, ; resolved ; to > clean ' up . our - lives
at points, ¦ the : mistakes "of the
past should berto :us as* if J they; had
never been.'- They and we have parted
company forever." YWhy need they dog
our* footsteps i and depress our. spirits
any longer? .
discharge our routine duties more suc
cessfully.
Improvement of- manners and mor
als, of tastes and habits may thus re
sult from a closer scrutiny of our. mis
takes. If the spirit of ambition still
remains with us we shall refuse to be
downed , by any ; past blunder, how
ever stupid. We shall become more
vigilant and discipline ourselves more
severely. As we trace many of our
mistakes to want of prudence and
forethought, to carelessness and for
ge tfulness,'. to .indifference '.' to our, per
sonal , appearance, " to ; being over-busy
with comparatively trivial matters, we
shall ; make all the more vigorous' an
onslaught:^ upon these old besetting
foes • of ours which have tripped us
Into making these mistakes. So out of
them will \ come a - purified and en
nobled'character. .
perlence is the term which a man em
ploys to cover [ up his mistakes." Cer
tainly the school of experie'nee is a
splendid one, even if one is constantly
getting hard knocks in it Thereby
the child learns that the fire % is ; hot,
the' young ; man that he will : pay for
to-day's excesses with a j headache to
morrow, the business man that there
It was _; about .this . time that the
Knowjts : .were : favored with' • another
olive. branch, although they were ready
by, this time to suspect that it was only
scrub'oak. ;;Havlng;at last learned the
error: of his /ways, 1 although -• he couldn't
get i rid of ¦ the •; error, 1 / Mr. 5 Knowit de
cided/that -he would try .a- different
rnethod ''. with " the ', second ? entry \ In % the
Knowit handicap. Th is .one should have
all the attention /necessary, land to
make sure that there should be nothing
lacking In^theiway.'of careful -.training
they; named him ; Clarence."- This was : a
edged/ morocco-bound success," but as
he wasn't • aiming directly \ at ; either, of
these :, results i his work was ; open to
criticism. At the age '<¦' of 'twenty the
boy, had ; acquired /a : large/quantity | of
knowledge, beyond : doubt,': but ' most {of
it was about as useful as an ice-cream
freezer; on "Hudson's? Bay. i "He 'could
light a cigarette in a 'twenty-knot gale,
he * had > a *r speaking | acquaintance iwith
as • many, different varieties and -grades
of : profanity ; as the 'captain] of a < four-;
mule team; and j he ?. could : make ~ 4 - ai keg
Of j beer : look; like v a: Bavings' bank ac-
though he/were*, the '.cyclone in ques
tion. When; .the. boy, .was icaught
around 1 the ' corner ; of the : house 'one
day in suspicious proximity to a cigar
ette j butt the; old man^ winced ; a'- trifle
but concluded that ! the \ deadly^ effects
of the", aforesaid '¦, coffin nail could be
discovered t only : by. actual > experience
and , forthwith ; bought 3 avwhole ' pack
age for the »boy, to . His
th eory /was . that J every man / . should
learn ', everything that : he ? . needed by
buttingiup against 'it in: person^ Then
he would know; all ) about it,' although
(Copyright, ; 1904, by Albert Britt.)
tactical , error, but not necessarily a
fatal one. Men have been known to
recover from worse blows than this, al
though not often. For the first ten
years of Clarence's life they took turns
sitting up with him to see that he
didn't forget to breathe at the proper
intervals. He was never allowed to go
outside the house without one or the
other of his parents acting as a convoy,
and even then they insisted on pro
tecting nim from evil influences with
long blonde curls and a Lord Faunt
leroy top hamper. A boy who would in
sist on being bad in spite of the pro
'tection thus afforded would be a start
ling proof of the existence of infant de
pravity.
His education was applied at an in
stitution for the suppression pf natural
Instincts kept by a man who
would . have. . been a missionary
if he hadn't feared that his
tender susceptibilities would be too
much shocked by the style of dress,
or undress, in vogue among. savage
tribes. He was so gentle and modest
that even the mention of the naked
truth in his presence was likely to
cause moral convulsions of an alarm
ins type. The second edition of the
Knowit family library was intrusted
to the fostering care of this elderly
female in ; disguise, who was expected
to manicure the boy's intellect and
promptly suppress any symptoms of
masculinity. It was expected that four
or five years of this sort of thing would,
put the youngster in a proper, frame of
mind: to enter active life -without se
riously deranging the /court calendars
or overcrowding the county Jail.
-How-well the - new system '¦ worked
may be judged from • the simple state
ment that : Clarence at ; . the^ age of 20
was all that his name . entitled him
to be. 'He wore high collars and spec
tacles and a white tie and never ran,
for,:fear that he would bag his trous
ers at "the Iknee. The only subject on
¦which he wasa> 1 e to converse was the
relative merits of square and round-cut
coats and his staple literature was the
'-'Hints for Girls", column 'in the Shady
Home Journal. At last accounts he was
selling ribbons ;; and teaching the In
fant class in " Sunday, school.
We have told this harrowing. tale of
domestic vtragedy; and -misfortune as a
warning ; to all loving parents ' that • the .
first essential . in the manufacture of
silk ; purses is the selection of the : right
material. Having seen to that, almost
any old method will produce some kind'
of a result.^NHHHB AMH
count after a summer vacation, but
the amount of valuable knowledge that
he had concealed about his person
could have, been taken up in an ordi
nary teaspoon without crowding. His
ultimate ,'destlny. was clearly the post
of bouncer in ordinary, to a Bowery
saloon- and- the only consolation that
his parents could extract from his ex
istence was in the contemplation of the
blessed fact that there was only one
of him. If. he had been twins there
would . have been an appealing dearth
of balm In Gilead.
THE one great thing that every
man knows everything about,
until he tries it for himself, is
bringing up children. The vi
carious method of child training
Is one of the simplest things known to
man; women aren't so sure of them
selves. All that is r->cessary is to as
sume at the outset that your brother
or your cousin or your neighbor or
your friend in Chicago is doing every
thing with his unfortunate offspring
that he should, not do and that the
fate of the. poor child will be an early
grave or th.> penitentiary. If you do
this you can be sure that you have
observed the first and only . rule ; in
long range paidolbgy. After you have
acquired one or two little olive
branches of your own the subject will
assume ; certain ' complicated aspects
that had not -presented themselves to
you before.
That was the experience of Mr.
Knowit and his good wife, although
Mrs. Knowit should be relieved of any
direct responsibility, in the matter. Mr.
Knowit's first theory, before ,he v had
had an opportunity to put it hv prac
tice, was that tne average American
parent was too gentle with his children.
A little dash of the good old Spartan
was what the kids needed, according
to this expert, authority. He /would
have had all- children brought up ,ac-"
cording to a uniform system, fn which
mere mothers should play a small' part
When the first installment of his fam
ily appeared on the scene he announced
that the newcomer should "be brought
up according to - the ¦ most approved
principles of the- strenuous . school.
There was to be no, coddling or other
wise unnecessarily gentle treatment,
but the boy was to be taught all the
things that any ; well regulated . black
smith or member of a life-saving corps c
should know. To'the end that his mus
cles should be - properly . strengthened
and his powers , of self-preservation
thoroughly, developed he was to .be al
lowed ¦; to yell as ] much as ; his infantile
desires dictated,* at any hour, of the day
or night. The nightly "promenade and
the frequent \ application ' of ¦, the sooth
ing paregoric i were - strictly, interdicted
and . every effort ¦ was / to be . made ¦ to
bring the youngster.' to an early ¦ reali
zation of the fact that he was more or
less afloat on a wide, wide sea. .
As soon as his ' son :' had • arrived at
years which permitted him to navigate
it - w^iild probably be too late to do
him .any good by that time.
It is useless to follow the whole
course of Mr. Knowit's convolutions in
the? training of his first born. Being
a man, he, of course, . never suspected
that there was anything wrong- with
hIs N system until it was too late to
change it, thereby giving a ; very , black
eye to his theory of education >by expe
rience. If he had been trying to manu
facture a first-class prize fighter or a
fit subject for the solitary cell his ex
periment would have been a gllt-
an easy, course without a pilot he
was turned into the street, to learn
wisdom and other things by . contact
with the actual affairs of life. Mrs.
Knowit attempted to make a protest
at this stage of the .game and pointed
out the amount of undesirable knowl
edge that the youngster would prob
ably acquire, but she might as; well
have whispered her "inmost ; thoughts
into the ear of an Iowa cyclone in the
busy season. Her husband was so
sure that he knew just what was right
and why. that he : kept right on as
That he was not the only individual
"cut out" Miss Marshall learned im
mediately upon the return of the pair.
Fluttering about the piazza she dis
cerned them at the end of the street,
the bookkeeper hanging on the words
of his companion as no . amount of
mere appreciation of wisdom ever made
man hang on the words of woman.
Ewing was greatly embarrassed, too,
¦w ben he saw Miss Marshall, although
she tried to seem uninterested alike in
his presence and in his attention to the
blue-frocked girl to whom he presented
her. SsH*
Nevertheless, while presenUngan im
perturbable front to that part of the
world at Red Bank, she suffered keenly
the next few days. Miss Carruth and
her widowed mother occupied a cot
tage near the river, and between walk
ing, ridlng*and booating she and her
new admirer were together almost con
stantly.
This was the state of affairs when
a fire at the Carruth cottage upset
lied Bank and permitted to the book
keeper a display of courage which
seemed to write "finis*' to his ' ro
mance. The blaze broke out at dead
of night and gained such headway in
the front part of the dwelling that
there appeared scant probability that
the two inmates could be rescued. Red
Bank's volunteer fire brigade propped
its ladders against the veranda ~ be
fore the bedroom windows, but very
wisely refused to mount them through
the blast furnace of the blazing
porch.- Ewing went up one of them
like a toy monkey on a slick and car
ried both women to places of safety."
Miss Marshall who thought it
risky to be among- the spectators at a
fire, did not witness this . deed, but
she heard of It and her heart swelled
with pride. She had known ; all along
that Ewing was capable of just such
heroisnu her previous re
serve, she hastened to congratulate
Mm. bringing up, speechless and tear-
"Who? Nellie Carruth?" inquired
the youth addressed. "Looks as if I
was cut out, doesn't it?"
Ewing liked Miss Marshall, too, in a
patronizing sort of fashion, his regard
having been deepened considerably by
the discovery that she was mistress of
"double entry" and not at all averse
to double labor. His affection never
melted into words, and it was suf
ficiently adjustable to permit of being
put quite out of the way when its
possessor met so fluffy and alluring a
person as Nellie Carruth.
"Frank Ewing's gone with your girl
again," Miss Marshall heard an idler
remark banteringly to another as she
climbed the steps of the Globe Hotel.
She stopped to fumble a handker
chief out of her bar.
The ordinary, sensible woman of 32.
which was the exact age of Miss Mar
shall, probably would not have sym
pathized with her much concerning
this requirement. Ewing was just 28
and his "gray matter" was not gray
because of maturity or overexertion.
He was exceedingly good looking, ex
ceedingly tall and broad and debonair,
and these virtues appealed at once to
little -Miss Marshall, whose eyes were
accustomed to grayness of mind and
of other things.
(Copyright, 1904. by Channing Pol
' lock.)
QALLIE MARSHALL went to
Red Bank for her vacation al
l^^most entirely because Frank
X^ Ewing was there. To her friends
in the ?tfices of the American Opera
Chair Company she said that she felt
the quiet of the place to be what she
most needed. In point of fact, how
ever, what she most needed 'was the
love of the young bookkeeper, who
had dropped his pen a week before
with the avowed intention of rusti
cating at Red Bank.
•"""VANNY, deliberately chewed up his
| V ticket.' .When he had masticated
l^ijit to. a pulpy condition he waited
.V^/for the conductor. He was rather
v sorry >¦ . he was not > better ac
quaintedjwiththat.officiars movements,
for a chewed 'railroad ticket is not a
tasty morsel.- . ' ,
At last, after what seemed to be
hours of waiting,* he caught sight of
a blue coat and brass buttons in the
far end of the car, and a moment later
he began to choke. The traveling man
across the aisle pounded him upon the
_back and presently his gasps^, subsided.
"What's the matter?" demanded the
conductor, coming up, whereon Dan let
out a wail that would have shamed the
whistle of the powerful engine.
"I swallowed most of. me ticket," he
sobbed, "an* now I gotter walk all the
way to Pittsburg."
Sundry bits of pasteboard on the
floor furnished corroborative evidence,
but- the conductor was adamant.
"The gateman told me you had a
ticket to Newark," he declared firmly.
"You get off there."
"He's a liar," protested Dan, "and
so're y6u."
(Copyright. 1004. .' by T. C. McClure.)
By Epes Winthrop
The drummer turned to Dan. "Your
fare. is paid," he said. "On the level,
where was your ticket for?"
"Newark," admitted Danny, "but dat
big stiff didn't know."
Jack Somers laughed lightly.
"Going to sit ud all night?" .asked
Somers, as he saw the Pullman con
ductor at the other end of the car.
"Naw," said Dan, contemptuously.
"Well," the other returned, "I guess
I can get a place in the sleeper, but
I'll come and take you in the diner
when it's time," and with that he fol
lowed the conductor down the aisle
and on to the car where a berth had
been found after the reservations had
been checked up.
He was as-g-ood as his word about
the dinner. The idea of a whole dollar
The conductor sized up the traveling
man and became diplomatic. "I can't
let him ride," he declared apologeti
cally. "He's got to have a ticket or
he can't stay on the train."
"Two to Pittsburg," said the drum
mer, producing his mileage book.
The conductor punched two slips and
passed on. If a passenger wanted to
be taken in it wafe none of his business,
especially when the passenger was al
most six feet.
The conductor made a grab at his col
lar, but the drummer interfered.
"Don't get gay with the kid," he
said. "You know very well yon are
not telling the truth when you say that
you . know where his ticket is for."
"No," smiled the magnate, guess
ing at \he meaning of "nig." "I tusx
wanted to say I have a place in my
office for you* Come around in the
morning and I'll put you to work **
"Dat's all right." said Dan. "You
come down to th* corner to-morrer
a * n# . ril , J len^ yer enou sh papers to
start wid. I m in business fur meself
too. I don't wanter work for no dude
clerk." and this time the boy kept on.
His debt had been paid
"It'll be all right, boy," he said as
the tale was done. "He can have her "
With a whoop Dan was down the
hall. Greyson called him back.
"Ain't going ter ,'nig/ are yer." de
manded Dan su3*plciously as b.»
came up. 1^039Hk|
With a slight draft on his imagina
tion, he told the old man of how Som
ers had helped him to Pittsburg and
how. when he was selling papers In
New York, he had seen Somers often,
and how the man had done none of
the things with which he had been
charged by other interested parties
There was the ring of truth in his
tones, and the old man relented - He
was accustomed to forming his own
judgment, and he would accept evei.
the statement of a ragged newsboy If
it seemed to him right.
"G'wan. yer old geezer," retorted
Dan; "did yer s'pose I'd break a fren*
like that? I wanter tell yej* you're
nutty about Mr. Somers; he's an all
righter. Didn't I .see a dame try ter
win him out In N'York, and didn't he
tell her to chase herself? Gwan. Get
wise! He's watcher want for de girl;
dere ain't none better."
"Fer a friend of mine," completed
Dan. "Y'see, Paul Somers was on de
car yesterday and yer gal was wid
him. I hearn him tell *er you kicked
because he was no good. Say! Dat's
dead wrong."
"Do you mean to say that my
daughter was with young- Somers yes
terday?" demanded Greyson. forget
ting for the moment to whom he was
talking.
' "I was right behind 'em," declared
Dan:
Greyson produced a $10 bllL "Here's
something for your trouble," he said,
"if you see them together again let
me know and you may have another."
"Nixey," he said decidedly. "When I
want cash I earns it. I want your
daughter."
'•My daughter!" repeated the aston
ished Greyson. looking about to see
what help might be- at hand.
Henry Greyson was known every
where In Pittsburg. The Greyson
building was one of the most modern
structures, and Greyson's interests
were as varied as they were* enor
mous. It was an easy matter to find
his office, but a lot more difficult to
get at the man. Dan waited from
11 in the morning- to 3 in the after
noon and then, from a side door
around the corner of the hall from
the main office the spare, alert figure
of the millionaire stepped out. Dan
pounced upon him.
"Say, Mr. Greyson." he demanded,
plunging into the midst of the busi
ness. "I come to ask ye a favor."
Greyson's hand went to his trous
ers pocket and Dan's lips curled.
The girl was old Henry Greyson's
daughter — he found that out — and
Greyson objected to Somers because
he thought him fast — the old type of
drummer. It was evident that Somers
took the matter as much to heart as
did the girl and Dan was quite dis
gusted over the state of affairs.
It was evident that things were not
as they would have them, for the talk
that tloated back to Dan's keen ears
told him that her father objected ta
Somers, and that this was a clandes
tine meeting.
"Don't butt in," was one of Dan's
rules and he was lost in the crowd at
the . trolley terminal before Somers
had had a chance to recognize hia
one-time" protege. The band was good
and the green grass was a most pleas
ant carpet, but the talk on the trolley
rang in Dan's ears.
Six months later Dan was a passen
ger in a car going to a summer park,
and occupied a seat directly behind
Somers and a young woman, whom he
immediately classified as "Somers"
steady." <,
for just one dinner appalled Dan, but
there was no outward display of' the
awe he felt. He might have been used
to the best, for all the wonderment he
showed.
"Don't!" Miss Carruth was urging
when her. voice first became audible.
"Don't, Frank! Please don't!"
"But why?" he persisted. "I love
you. Until this moment I was sure
that you loved me."
"I did!" cried the girl. "Oh, I did,
Manifestly, Miss Marshall had been
unjust in considering her a mere doll.
One evening soon after, however,
when she was. sitting at her window
looking into the mist of her life, she
was given reason to resurrect her first
opinion. Ewing and Miss . Carruth
were seated below and Ewing was
proposing marriage. The woman up
stairs knew that- she, ought not to lis
ten, but her breath was quivering in
her throat and she could, not move
t away to save her soul.
She concluded that, Miss .Carruth
was something better than 'pretty
when she witnessed her first meeting
with Ewing after the. bandages had
been taken from his face. The brand
had penciled - an indelible mark of
seared scarlet from his forehead to his
throat. Miss Carruth gave vent to an
abbreviated scream when' she : saw it
and then, mastering herself, -grasped
the victim's hand firmly.' "I didn't re
alize," she said, "how much you had
done for me." "--///
Miss Marshall did
The injured man missed her greatly
and inquired of Miss Marshall con
cerning her. Miss Marshall, > with
bravery in the feminine sender of
that which he exhibited at the fire,
replied that she supposed Miss Car
ruth much occupied with getting
furniture for her new cottage. -;;v_,v
"Her new cottage?" exclaimed Ew
ing. "I may be Interested in that my
self some day!"
' Miss Marshall tried to change the
subject.
"She's a brick!" the, convalescent
went on. "Pretty as a picture, too.
Don't you think she's pretty. Miss
Marshall?"
ful, before the couch on which he lay
nursing a bandaged burn on his cheek.
This burn, the result of contact with
a falling brand, kept the bookkeeper
wrapped" in darkness and oil-silk for
a fortnight. • His right eye ; had been
endangered and had to be treated
carefully. Miss Marshall forfeited a
considerable amount of salary and re
mained at Red Bank. She really was
needed after Miss Carruth. to whom
the lire soon became only an imper
sonal occurrence which made good
material for storytelling, found a:
rowboat shared with her earlier ad
mirer rather preferrable to a stuffy
room shared with her later suitor and
the odor of iodoform.
By Channing Pollock
until— ."You mustn't ever ask me to ;
marry you!"
. " Why ?" repeated Ewing. The repeti
tion was determined. "I think I have
earned the right to a. reason."
"That is the reason."
- "What?" .The word was spoken sharp
ly, like a military/command. Miss Car
ruth quailed, j- /
V "What— what ' happened when you
earned' the right? Oh, I know I'm.hor
rid! ;'_• I ; know • I'll ; be ashamed . all • the
rest : of ; my [ lif e. r But— your cheek ! I
couldn't bear, to look at that, scar." v .
.-;"OhJ^iaM.EwtasA^..,i^;j^^ .. .;
"If - ; lt ' hadn'l ¦ been : for. .me ilyou
wouldn't have:lffien.buraed,", Miss Car
ruth went on; sobbing almost .hysteric
ally. "I realize that. I'm sory;. indeed,
I'm sorry! . Won't you say you forgive
me?" , - "¦/¦'¦: '¦'.-;' •¦•
"Yes," said 'Ewing. "It's not your
fault. ; I've Just been; a/ fool. I see it
now. I'm going away to-morrow." /
"And you won't think too harshly of
me?" j , ,;*-'fr\-:^
Ewing rose and Miss Marshall heard
him push back his chair. "I'll try not to
think of you at all," he answered. "I'll
try to \ remember a little woman who
has never forgotten me. Her love was
too fine for me to comprehend at first,
but somehow I seem to understand it
now."
Then, two sounds broke the stillness
of the night. Frank Ewing had gone
into the hotel, slamming the door after
him, and Sallie Marshall, fainting for
the first time In her life, had fallen to
the floor.
REWARDED
smile. As the senior of Bill and the
originator of this dress-reform move
ment, all I lacked was a* tin can . like
Happy Hooligan's to put me ) in fight.
The large, warm, old ladies who. taught
the'classes looked at us and wept. They
said" it was a- crime to send a field of
selling-platers away ; from the post to
such a start.' However, these remarks
never touched me and Bill, for our
souls "were ,serene~in cold storage.: On
the way back me and Bill made another
lightning change at the .woodpile, and
took* chances : with the v gang on the
home stretch of one short block.
It is the dearest wish of my life that
parents who haberdash male offspring
contrary, to the boyish idea of the eter
nal fitness of things and clothes will
read this wail and take a much-needed
tumble. Don't! tog your : son . like a
freak, which' freak, to his mind. is. the
girl. If you cannot dress Harold as he
sees other boys dressed let him wear
an Apache G string and be happy
while he may.; The Lord never in
tended him. for "parental torture. He
will get coming to him. all in
fgood .time, and plenty of it.
Another -pale, studious lad in? that
town wore a plaid shawl skewered be
neath his chin with an iron bolt which
had a large moss- agate knob at the
, end. Also he wore a pair of high-heeled,
thin Morocco shoes,' supposed to be his
mother's, laced all the way to the top.
That boy has since won international
renown as a' skirt dancer, and is now a
sedate man; of family and a creator of
millinery at my old home. Yet the
plaudits of the ten, twenty. and thirty
•brought him " no lasting joy: for the
great white light of fame still beats
upon. "the. name of Sis. He never will
be able to smother.it. Loie Fuller, the
boss serpentinist of all ages, likewise
came from Mudville. 111., and yet I do
not recall Loie, as a maiden' triDDincr
blithely t to" school in overalls and one
suspender, which attire "her smolder
ing genius" should have demanded.
Sis Was the Centerpiece.'
But a short time ago I visited Mud
ville and noted among other improve
ments the rehabilitation of a late har
ness shop. The end had been blasted
out ,to make room for an .entire plate
glass front ; inscribed Mn tall letters ' of
gold: :"Dunkerr; Parisian Importa
tions." Though that magic name rated
one more "r" than he could afford
when a boy I' felt in my bones it was
Sis, who had reached that pinnacle of
earthly greatness which* permits a man
to^v monkey with the spelling*: of ' his
of us in the original, package and a
job lot of:two— father having married
a second time. And don't forget the
furniture. Children, parents and chat
tels were massed in one stupendous ag
gregation in the bobsled. ; This over
worked vehicle . was . an ordinary- farm
wagon box, with supplementary ; side
boards, set on' snow., runners arid* pro
pelled by a pair of low-pressure mules.
Of course we were : somewhat
crowded in' the cabin— not a soul had
room to speak, in the words of that old
McGuffey School Reader poem. It
wouldn't do to lose any children, and
furniture was even more expensive at
that Period. So we all stuck together,
some stowed right side up, and some
wrong. I held a position near". the bot
tom of the. load, with my neck resting
on the ruffled bosom of a' zinc wash
board. For years afterward I wondered
what had made me'so cold and dismal,
not to say clammy. • Thf wisdom that
comes from rubbering ; eventually set
my : mind at ease, ; but not until I '- had
observed. the metal lining they put in
ice boxes. It's a wonder I did -not be
come an Arctic explorer. '
No i'aslilon Plate for Him.
However, since that day I've got it
in the epiglottis' many a time and oft
while tourjlng. Had I known then/what
is up to , me now the zinc washboard
would have proved futile as a deter
rent. What is born in the blood "must
come'ont in. the boxcar. /¦
On reaching the." village father
handed the mules a" couple /of swift
kicks in the slats, by way of appearing
at ease in-' the/, presence of .total
strangers, and proceeded" to discharge
cargo. -Being .an ; impartial and .busy
stevedore, he ' . unloaded /his assets as
they : came to hand — - first a joint of
stovepipe, then a. child, followed by . a
bundle of bed \ slats and :'an 'infant
daughter, until his' earthly possessions
reposed in: a, picturesque pile on the.
sidewalk. When father separated "me
from the washboard .among the sedi
ment at the bottom of the load, one
side of my neck resembled /the blue
concertina" much esteemed by • Swedes.
We all were somewhat cramped ': and
frost-bitten, but glad to be city, people.
just the; same. I'm willing to • admit
that into the Four Hundred
has its- drawbacks. '"
The farm so cruelly deserted, .twelve,
miles away; was situated on the county •
line. This I knew from hearing, father
speakof.it and, as county line sounded
good to me?, I featured . it in my lan
guage, using ; ( appropriate gestures 1. on
the side. The frequency with which
county « line- butted into informal chats
with the village boys conferred upon
me ' a pleasing : foreign air, extremely
rare f in those parts. What a traveler I
was in those* days — a regular, cuss .on
runners! >:'.-• The - bug that made me a
hobo was working in my system.
Another rough and ready trait of the
tourist . early developed w'as' my utter
refusal * to ; pose i as a' fashion plate at
Mudville, .111., for garb cut no ice with
me. .When I; was 10 years old. -father
ordered, built for: each of his two sons
a 1 beautiful • cozy cloth cape. Those duds
were dreams /until we tried to wear
-.them*'. in* the', presence of ' ¦ other " boys,"
when / said garments became night
mares that;: shriveled our wretched
little'souls. ; The nightmares had pock
ets insideand were, lined with red flan
nel,: crimped around the bottom like
the ; edge of a pie. It baffles a boy to
stow ? his fists iriSunseen pockets. Let
the more subtle female intellect' cope
with :thV puzsle-page pocket. She has
more time. ; • . •. v
The Boy and His Togs. .
Every Sunday father martyred us in
the. capes, after fastening paper collars
tb;horn buttons! sewn on the neck
bands of our shirts, of ,which we each
htd~one. Then he led us to the gate
and pointed in ; the ', direction of Sunday
school and j it meant a loss of cuticle if
we ; failed" to come back with the text.
Around the first corner, in front of the
home of a very wealthy man,, stood a
cord / of ¦ wood. There - brother and I
paused and' peeled, bundled .the capes
into" small wads and stuffed them into
the woodpile. '.The cloth was the, color
of oak with the bark on and no one
ever; spotted "our sissy regalia.
Many: a day when mercury flirted
with"_zero me and Bill made a grand
triumphal entry at Sunday-school..ar
rayed in the paper collars and a purple
Copyright, 1*"' by Charles Dryden.
*^r T the age of five years, quite a
f 1 while before the hobo instinct
I I steered me into serious trouble,
JL- I first enjoyed the delights of
travel — of going somewhere and seeing
things. The preliminary dash was made
In a family bobsled over a twelve-mile
straightaway course in 'the middle of
. winter. Time, the late 6O's,'which date
is close enough for the purpose of this
confession.
It was not the scenery en route that
ttirred my nomadic blood, for I failed
to observe any. The tribe .to which I
belonged was migrating out of season
in other words, moving from. the farm
where I occurred to a little mud
streaked village" in Western Illinois, As
for the town, it was there: on the map,
and it submits that fact as an excuse
for being there still. There is no ac
counting for the tact of some towns- /
What landscape, if any, invited, in
spection along that frozen twelve-mile
route is lost to me forever. Family
complications bungled the trip, in my
cas^, at least Exclusive of parents,
there were eight little sunbeams— six
After singing one or two more low,
sweet stanzas of my youthful yester
days I'll pass on to the sud to-morrows
that never came. Next week I'll expose
the great Mudville Cow Mystery, -which
baffled, that village more than thirty
years. Wait for it.
After a while I went In and met Sis.
He was so glad I called he told me the
story of his life while the enslaved
milliners on the giddy perches above
looked down and giggled softly. I re
lated a few chapters myself, but didn't
allude to the cape epoch In my career.
Somehow I felt I had lost out. As a
skirt dancer Sis starred in London.
Paris, Berlin and at the Winter Palace
at St. Petersburg. On the London cir
cuit he had skirted, so to speak, as
many as four music halls in one night,
dashing about in diaphanous silk folds
and a cab from place to place. "With
the wealth . thus acquired lie settled
down at Mudvilte to a congenial life of
easy quiet and independence.
Twice per year, spring and fall. Sis
visits the wholesale millinery plants at
Chicago, on which occasion, it is said,
he wears a plug hat and feather boa.
I was too sick at heart to hang around
and see him start and besides it's a
cinch I wouldn't have laughed. To a
matured vision many good things lose
their wonted zest.
Hanged in hanging balconies near the
ceiling half a dozen female slaves toiled
and fretted, building Parisian importa
tions so that Sis might strut in jewels
and fine raiment. It was too much.
The boy who wore the shawl had other
people working for him, while I. who
hid my cape in the woodpile, lurked
outside the palace an aged, baldheaded.
baggy-kneed galoot who had burned
up the better part of his life chasing
freight trains and foundry jobs.
The centerpiece In a bewildering
symposium of Oriental - grandeur was
Sis, lolling in a low rocker planted o'n
a Turkish rug.- His brown hair brushed
well back, revealed a placid brow, care
free and unwiinkled by thought, time
or trouble. The years had wrestled
gently with Sis. Diamonds blazed on
the fingers that once did duty as hand
kerchiefs, and his silklike person was
arrayed In summer toilet— negligee shirt
waist of white silk— row of diamond
studs and Byronic collar; and as he
rocked and hummed a little tune his
nimble needle created a delicate bit
of tatting work.
When He Goes Abroad.
name- Pausing outside the lid works,
under pretense of admiring the crea
tions in window display, I peeked in
side. !&£3!¥S>.'
THE SAN tFRANGISGOB SUNDAY ; GAIX.
On and Off the Bread Wagon
Being Hard Luck Tales and Doings of an Amateur HoboHER GREAT CATCH
Madame was a keen one, she meant
to marry off that flighty Alicia! Th«>
new pnM-cher would be sacrificed to
her before he fairly knew it .Didn't
somebody say he had been to
Susan was also pious— Just the girl
for a preacher's wife, all Brush Creek
neighborhood declared. Hence, when
It was known that the new Methodist
minister was a bachelor , and some
thing of a beau the amen-comer sis
ters all agreed that It was a clear case
of providential interference. Susan her-
Eelf shared their opinion, albeit she was
too wise to say so. She had come the
Cay before to spend a week with Alicia,
although the Blair homestead was but
three miles from her father's farm.
Madame Blair, Alicia's grandmother
and guardian, was the leading spirit
in Methodism thereabouts— as such she
had sent word to the Reverend Paul
Redford to make her house his home
"until he could suit himself, better."
The inVitation made gossip, of course.
It was a long reed, cut from the cane
brakes down on the river, innocent of
reel and equipped with a home-made
line, a cork float and bullet sinkers
above the cheap hook. Her frock, a
clean but faded calico, was short
enough to show stout leather shoes,
with a glimpse of home-knit stockings
above. But none of these things
dimmed sparkling eyes, or paled the
wild-rose flush in • delicately molded
cheeks. Alicia was a beauty quite in
dependent of clothes — her dearest
friends admitted it Susan Kates, to
whom she had spoken, was pretty in
a way, but largely by the help of arti
fice.
*Y OU can stay for the preacher If
/ I -you like— rm going fishing,"
Vjj Allda said, stabbing the spring
C_— I air viciously with her rod.
Wllliams.)
(Copyright 1S04, by Martha McCulloch-
The man toiled slowly up one ot these
paths, pausing occasionally to mop his
perspiring brow arid to • curse dejected
< ly the *: blackberry ..vines which now and
.; again - clutched ' his trousers. ' The ' girl
came '.up "the "other path, holding - a
'-fluffy parasol in so spiritless a fashion
that the ; sun' streamed full upon her
: brown head. ) ' j -
> '. The man reached the rocky shelf first
and ; seated ¦ himself oh ¦ very , edge,
il with, his legs dangling "over'the brink!'
'': A' few ; r moments' later , the girl arrived
;"• on the scene,' surveyed the man's broafd
¦, back a moment, and \ then eald, half in
"annoyance, .half - in- embarrassment,
_ u phyiT;^f : : : - ¦:':;/) . ."-¦,_. .;- . V\.-'
•^ The v man 'turned "about, beheld /the
* intruder,; and > with "a^cough-^-the,mas
culins haven ' of refuge at ; such a time—
j; resumed his \ study of -: the green- • tints
; In ; thelvalley i belowy -.TJie i girl - looked
; irresolutely at the man and with equal
Irresolution at the path she had just
'¦ traveled. | Then ; she : sat down, with no
¦* irresolution i whatever, beneath *¦ one ' of
f 4 the f scraiigy., flrs. , The of ' the
¦J 8llencV v became~ oppressive. 7 It was the
girl^ who ;broke it : '¦'¦•''
I .; .."I ; desire to i be .alone," she said .with
; Imperious coolness. ;
The nian turned; slowly.
; V You 1 , seem to* voice ; my own . Ideas,'*
ihiesald.; • ; ¦ '
''fWhy 'don't ' you v leave, then?" she
1 . » : :¦¦¦:'. ' "¦¦¦¦ : ¦- ; .'¦ r . : ;
CT*^!WO^ paths wound their tortuous
* ' I about the hill and came but
I finally ; on a -small rocky shelf.
X The place commanded an excel
lent view of the level '; valley : and the
river twisting and turning a shimmer^
ing course many feet below. Far across
the valley on the other.side "of the river
the pine-covered I elopes made a cool,
green': vista In the 'July sunshine. ' The
rocky shelf itself was shaded .by two
scraggy firs, v \whlch tossed^ their
branches to the breeze with an" Import
ance out of all proportion to their size.
pathway of . loosely laid rails, estab
lished herself as comfortably as pos
sible, and dropped her hook right in
front of the big fellow's nose. .
She was too intent on sport to hear
a little stifled laugh. Indeed she had
no consciousness of anything just then
but the matter In hand. She had cast
a little way from where the trout
broke— for perhaps two minutes the
float lay aggravatingly « expressionless,
simply drifting a bit In the eddy of
the pool. Then it went under with a
rush— to come up two yards away, and
go downr again almost Instantly, i The
trout, bold -from long impunity,- had
swallowed the hook.
Alicia did not try to haul him in at
once. Instead she let him play up
stream and down— taking in the • slack
with bare hands, and letting It go back
with a rush that must have bewildered
her captive. After a ten minutes' fight
she hauled In her quarry, two t pounds
of gleaming silver, and, holding ¦ him
fast, made to scramble down to the
bank.
Dismay smote . her as she turned
about. The rails had slipped . down.
She was : fairly entrapped. The tree
crotch " overhung the water, whl ch was,
she knew, ' well over,? her , head. :S Al
though she could . swim a little, , she
did not like to risk a plunge, yet there
seemed ' no alternative. .The landward
side of the big trunk was not to ;be
reached' from where she sat. She made
an Impatient I little i swing of her; catch,
saying, "There! : : -You'll get .back in
the water after, all— and take me t with
you: I think Till tie . you to me and
make you swim 8 out— " \
"Better not!" a" man's voice -said; a
little way off. "1 1 don't believe : he
¦would swim out, he'd rather ' keep you
down at the bottom.", T'.
¦v !?Then come and .take . me down,"
Alicia satd disdainfully, • angry beyond
words that anything * masculine > could
thus calmly contemplate her r plight ; in
stead of flying to the rescue." <: She heard
long," .'',• firm •*; steps approaching.--'" By
craning hers neck ¦: severely.? she , saw- a
man, f young, T handsome, "well * set i up,
evidently.: an , athlete, and fashionably
dressed; '.'-"So; you' are Alicia , Blalr—my.
hostess in part— " • . . ¦ .\
• • • «'.'•
They wended their way back 'to the
little rocky cliff and sat down together
beneath one of the scraggy firs. They
were chattering happily.
"I did really think I had done It that
time." he confessed.
"You are a dear, old -stupid," she
averred, as she smoothed hli hair.
"I'm terribly afraid there's* a spark
of life yet," eaid he. "It would be
frightful to bury the poor chap alive.
It seems to ma we should try resusci
tation first." |BM| ,'-.
"I'm afraid It's too late." -she said
coldly. "It Is far. easier, to destroy
than to resurrect" -
"Quite so, quite sot" said ' h* un
easily. "Oh, I say," he burst out, con
tritely, "you don't really mean Uf» all
off. -You' don't mean you'll' let that
miserable tiff of yesterday morning
end everything, do you?"
The girl arose.
"I came up here to be alone," sh»
said. "It is evident I must seek soli
tude elsewhere."
He jumped to his feet'
"I'll go," he said. "You may ' have
the cliff to yourself. But - before I
leave I want to ask you a favor. When
you bdry the dead, you'll not • forget
it entirely, will you? You'll remember
that for a day— for a day — "
He stopped" and looked at her.'
"Oh,' well." he said contritely,"lt was
all my fault anyway. I have no right
-to ask favors. Good-by."
He moved down the windlnj path.
The blackberry vines caught/ at his
clothes, but he forgot to curse them.
Half-way down the path he heard' rapid
footsteps behind him. He.' turned and
beheld the girl hurrying after him. Her
face was crimson and her eyes refused
to meet his.
"What's up?" he asked her cheerfully.
"Oh." she said, "I— I tried to bury
him ' and ' he wasn't-^h. can't you un
derstand?**
He smiled with calm insolence.
"Because," said he, "I wish to h»
here. Besides/ this is my puddle. I
found It first"
The girl's - eyes narrowed and she
pursued her. lips.
"This particular, nook is of my dis
covering,-' kindjy. remember," " said she.'
' "Possession * is nlno points • of the
law," he returned. -
The girl's eyes looked . across the
valley to the ragged '. line of hills, over,
which fleecy bits of white clouds drift
ed lazily. Her, parasol was - tapping
nervously an exposed root of the flr.
"Do you mind telling me why you
came -up here this • afternoon?" she
asked. . • : •
"For' the same reason a murderer Is
drawn to the *scene of his crime, by
some horrible fascination, I suppose,"
he explained.,, ; " '
•Tha girl 'smiled grimly.
"You admit it was 'a crime, then ?"
"Mea culna, mea culpa," he said;*
"mea most heinous culpa!"
, - She frowned. "It's f scarcely humor
ous," shejehided. ' " ¦ , .
. ,"It] is tragic," ' he •eclared. He turned
to her.suddenly and his face was grave.
"Why did you come?" he asked.
. "I wanted to be— to be alone with my
dead," {she said almost wistfully.
¦ He ¦ straightened up. r ; His tone ; was
eager.
"You're sure 'It's 'dead?" he asked.
. , .."Quite! so," :f said * she. "As a mur
derer, you're decidedly, effective."
"Are you; 'sure,": said he. "it . isn't
stunned- or shamming? Are you cer
tain ; it w;on't come.to ¦ life again?"
The girl sighed. HBM
"It is dead f- stone dead." . she said
with a touch of sadness in her voice.
"I thought,", he i remarked, "that love
had as • many lives , as a cat— that one
jmlght cruelly " maltreat •' It and ¦ yet It :
would . survive."
¦ "There is -a limit to all things, even
the ;• forbearance of - lc?7e," she said.
Only a blind track ran past the up
per gate. Stragglers never found it
out, not even the most Inveterate fish
ermen who might be lured by this ex
ceptional morning, with water in Just
the right stage." Something in the day
made Alicia want to sing.,; She did not
do it, being firmly of opinion that fish
have ears and are. mighty, wary .'of hu
man sounds. And to-day she was.bent
on catching the patriarch of the; pool,
a big trout, known to; Inhabit it -this
three years or more, which quite dis
dained to* notice the most artistic' files
of the .gentlemen : sportsmen, v or their
liveliest: minnows., , His special haunt
was beneath the roots of the', big. bend
ing sycamore, which \ • leaned ¦ far ; out
over the stream. Without; a tremor she
climbed : into the tree's low/crotch' by a
and was moreover pretty well off?
Madame Blair had an eye to the main
chance, ' the same as the ungodly— she
had broken up the affair between Alicia
and that scatter-brained young Clark
son with a mighty high hand. - Clark
son was poor, .and likely to stay so,
but then Alicia would have plenty for
two.
She had not been very much in love
with -Billy Clarkson until Grand
mother Blair had come between them.
She was not in love with the real Billy
even now, but cherished passionately
an ;ideal she called by Billy's name.
Naturally she resented Redmond and
all his works. Quite- as naturally she
had inveigled the coy yet willing Susan
into this *ong visit, with a set purpose
of flinging the pair at each other's
heads, and If possible compassing an
engagement before a fortnicht passed.
The creek was less than half a mile
away— with Blair fields on either side
of It. Alicia knew every bend and rip
ple of it, and loved them as well as
she knew them. She meant to^flsh first
the Blue Hole, which lay Just inside the
upper water gate, going, thence down
stream and - ending at the lower gate.
eo as to go home. by. the blje road.
"You don't* seem ,to care about ; me—
I'm very ¦ uncomfortable,". * Alicia said
with 1 , spirit. . "If you won't put up the
rails, at least go away. ; the water •la
deep-^still— 'V . •. .-.I-,^.,-.^
'"You -are not going into It," Red
mond said quickly, stepping upon -the
leaning; trunk and clinging .fast .: to /it
with i one. arm. He; held the; other out
toward '«. her;', saying, a , twinkle,
'.'One,' two, ¦ three ! Here we 'go ! Jump!
I'll catch you righf as , a trivet" v -
'T* won't ; jump!" Alicia ; ' said ¦' with
her -grandest^ air. -- ' : - ¦ >'; 'r;'^ :
: Redmond . .: looked i at « heri severely.
<VYou ;.wlll Jump!" > he repeated, "and
right * straight; oft.;. It's {Koin*; to\ rain
like s fun In \ about twenty . minutes-7*jad
unless you; take, me to the -house;- 1
shall get veryiwet-^-**^ ¦¦^ 1 "^^'< / ,
"1 think you are— despicable." Alicia
pouted. But as he looked at' her. smil
ing ;,i more j* roguishly t i than ,-. ever, % 8 he
gave a spring, .was caught, and swung
safe . to ' . the r ( bank. .. • There ,., Redmond
said ;'; to iher.v her. "eyes fairly danciife.
"I J don't know Sukey— but; really/ she
should v have 'i comely. along-f she ; would
certainly ihave got ? points "on— landing
a' minister." • " -¦..-*''"'*-• .«3 '- ' : y i"-?f*''.--*\'~
* J . Which ' proved ' to : be prophetic • Six
months } later ,; Alicia! Blair was ; Alicia
Redmond, ;• and- not only :reslKned ! to
the l change.' but ' hatmy , over, 1L .
/'How long since?" Alicia asked, her
face scarlet. Redmond laughed again.
"The point ; is — immaterial,'.' he said.
"Just now the. burning question is. 'How
shall I getfdown?! " .
''That's easy— put up the rails— and
go away," Alicia said. ' ; > ¦
Redmond shook his head.;' "I. can't
trust you— the rails might slip." .he
said. . . "I know a i better way— but ' first
fling me. your fish." .. ../¦.¦•
Obediently Alicia swung him ; her
gasping prize. ' He . at . once • slipped ¦ a
limber pronged twig through: its gills,'
and ¦ anchored : It comfortably; in the
stream, saying, "Let ' the '¦ example . bear
fruit, ' Miss . Aliclai ; Don't give • any of
your later I captives "needless agony."-.
Paul Redmond laughed. . "Because* I
had rather be here," he retorted. "My
traps ' have gone on houseward to an
nounce me— but S I heard so . much of
that 'tom-boy granddaughter* on the
way from town, when my guide. Deacon
Estls, Who 'fetched ' me' by the short cut
to ; me— well, several things—said,
'that she is, right now, a-feeshlng,' I
simply, had to come and see if or'my
self."- \ ¦ -' J ::^.:'-.: .:-;>;;.^^V'?i^
"And how came you here— when you
are looked for at the house?" Alicia de
manded severely. • . .. . ,
probation," and later was taken into
"full membership." .. \ ¦',%
It was on a" Saturday morning, a
month or more after- Columbia had
been received into full membership,
that the ' children were playing to
gether in the garden.
"I guess I'll go wadln* this after
noon," John Philip announced, "Aunt
Rachel would just worry if I told her,
and daddy won't be home for lunch,
bo I can't ask him." . • • -
"I'm 'fraid you'll be drown-ded,
dear," the little mother said anxious
ly (John Philip did not object to
"dearing" in private), "an' I don't be
lieve you'd better go." $&£Z$§f4
"Pooh!'', John Philip rejoined. "You
ain't my mother. I ain't had a mother
since I was born."
"No," she sighed, "If you had a real
ly, truly one, I guess | you'd have to
mlnti. Your, father might get you one."
John Philip grinned. ."He's too busy,"
he said, "but I know one I'd like to. get.
Last summer we was down ( at Cove
Inlet three weeks— daddy an' me— an'
there was a Jolly nice, girl there, an'
we liked her awful well — daddy an' me
— an' we took, her picture one day —
snap shot— 1 mean daddyfdld. He's got
it yet;, 'come up to his » room, an' I'll
hunt for it."' .
The children flew into the house, and
up to Mr. Brown's* sitting-room. Be
hind, a tall vase John Philip found the
oDject "of his -search. . For a moment
Columbia- gazed . at it with wondering
eyes. "Why, it's" her!?', she shouted,
with more force than grammar. "It's
my Miss Curtis! She lives near th«
home. 'Course she's awful -nice!" Bhe
gazed long and; lovingly at .the picture.
"Say," Bhe said at last, "a'pose we get
her for, your, mother?"
Thereupon followed a discussion of
ways and means, and it was not until
after luncheon that the committee of
two set forth in quest of a mother for
John Philip. It was a very startled and
amazed young lady who . listened to
their plea. ', It was Columbia who of
fered the most persuasive argument.
"He hasn't anybody.' hut his, Aunt
Rachel and his father," she said plead*
ingly, "an* he keeps your picture back
of a vase, an' "
"Who keeps my picture?" Miss Cur
tis interrupted, her sweet face flush
ing a rose red.
"Why, John Philip's father," Colum
bia explained. "I s'posa you didn't
know 'bout it, then?"
"No, I didn't know," she said. "I
didn't know!" she repeated to herself
again and again.
"Now vou know, an* won't you
come, please?" It was John Philip
who pleaded now. Miss Curtis stoop
ed and took his freckled little face be
tween her slender white hands. "I'll
think of It, dear," she promised, "but
it will be better not to mention your
— your proposal to your father."
John Philip did not agree with her,
and that very evening, he broke the
news to his unsuspecting father. Co
lumbia, with rare delicacy, had de
clined to be present.
"Daddy,'.* John Philip said bluntly,
"I asked "her— Columbia an* me."
Philip Brown "looked up from his
paper. He was - a fine specimen of
"Don't you want her?" the little fel
low Bald, struggling manfully to keep
back the tears. "I said I was suro you
wanted her,; same as I*dld." '
"What did she say?" The question
came from between whits lips.
"She didn't ' know you had ' her plo
ture till Columbia told her. * She said
she'd think about It, but I'd better not
tell you I'd asked her to—" ¦
But John Philip was talking, to ths
empty air; his father was out of the
room before tho last sentence was
finished. Ha had seized his hat and
vanished.
"Gee!"- John Philip said to himself,
"we've done It now. I guess—Colum
bia an' me!" ...
They had. Th* bride and rroom
said so on their wedding day. John
Philip's father had suggested that the
orchestra play "Hall Columbia"' whil*
the knot was being tied, but, strange
to say, the bride-elect objected. - .
manhood — strong of body ¦*"! mind,
clean of heart, and still on "the- sunny
side" of forty.
"Asked whom?/* ha Bald, "Asked
what?"
"Miss Curtis, .you know. I— I asiad
her to be my mother."
Philip Brown sat up very straight.
and stared at his small son and heir.
exclaimed eagerly. "There's too many
of us now and — " '
"Well." Mrs. Noah Interrupted,
"you can stay to breakfast, and then
I'll go wkh you to the home." The
child had crept thus quickly into a
warm corner of the grim lady's heart.
She was eating her oatmeal when
John Philip's father came down to
breakfast, and • asked so kindly,
rrWhose little girl is this?" that Co
lumbia's heart went out to him then
and there. ?¦
"I don't know." she said slmplv in*
reply to his question, "they, ain't found
out yet at the -home, but I know how
old I am; I'm going on seven; I'm lit
tle, but maybe I'd do for him," she
nodded cheerily at John Philip, "till
he gota really, truly one."
"A really, truly what?" Mr. Brown
asked smilingly.
"Why, a mother, of course. I
learned how to be one from Mis'
Jones — she has eight children — she
lives near the home. You 'just help
'em be good, an' they will, 'cause you
love 'em bo. It's awful nice to have
a mother," she said wistfully. "I
asked Tommy Jones if he didn't
think so. an' he said, 'Sure thing!' "
John Philip tried to scowl, but his
forehead refused to pucker, and when
his father said, "Shall we let her
adopt you," my son?" he laughed out
right. "We — we — might give her a
try," he stammered.
An so it happened that Columbia
Farley entered the Brown family "on
(Copyright, 1904. by Harriet G. Can
field.)
fTOHN PHILIP BP.OWX sat ti>
I v*rr straight at his end of tl»
lbrsskfast tibia. Mrs. RacfcjJ
Cy Nor-iL at Ihs other end. could not
fee his little bare feet playing tag be-
Bcath th* table t
"Aur.i Rachel looks just like my
chidden hawk — anjirars she would If
she wore.Epit curls," h? said to.him
self with a little chuckls. "I bet — "
But John Philip's bet W2S never re
corded, for Susan aDpaared Just then,
red tnd^slTTjliss.
Mrs. Xoah etored at her reproving
ly. "I did not rir.s." she said sternly.
"No'm. I linov.- you didn't, but she —
the's here, an' — "
"*i*SJjc?T tiili? your alpron from your
mouth enflf taJIi connectedly. Who' is
here?? " *
"Cohrmbi?. — Columbia .Farley. She
eays that's her name, ma'am, an' she's
from the Orphans' Home— a little
mite of a. thins, an* that funny!" Here
Susan retired ;isain behind her apron.
"What docs she want?" Mrs. Noah
asked grimly.
".Well, ma'am,"* Susan exploded,
"she wants to stay."
'"Stay?" her mistress repeated
blankly, while John ''Philip/ unre
proved, squirmed with delight. Hero
was something doing at last!
"Yes'm.'* Susan went on, "she's
hafl her eye on this house, she says.
for s. long time, but Jt wa'n't till this
morning that she decided she'd live
with you. .She's settin* on her satchel
out in the kitchen."
Mrs. Noah fairly snorted "with as
tonishment and indignation. "Much
obliged to her, I'm sure," she said
sarcastically, "and may I ask what de
cided her In our favor?"
"It was John Philip, ma'am," Susan
said, choking with laughter. "She —
the says she wants to be a mother to
him." •
John Philip's face matched his hair
in color now; even the freckles took
on a livelier red. "Consarn her," ha
taid under his breath.
"Any more?" his aunt asked, with
the air of one prepared for the worst.
"Yes'm; she asked what your name
was, an' when I said 'Mrs. Noah* she
was that surprised. She said she'd
heard about you an' Mr. Noah at Sun
day school, but she had no idee you
was livin' yet."..-.' \.
"Anything more? My oatmeal is
getting cold. Don't stand there gig
gling like an idot."
"She wondered how old you was,
ma'am, an' when I said I didn't know
ehe thought she could tell by lookin'
at your teeth, like the hired man at
the home done when he bought a'
horse."
A great wave of color rolled over
Mrs. Noah's face, and broke on the
beach of "spit curls" outlining her
high forehead. "Bring her in," she
cald, closing her thin lips tightly over
her "store" teeth.
Susan disappeared, and a moment
later ushered "Columbia Parley" Into
the august presence or her mistress.
Bhe was truly "a mite of a thing,"
with great, dark eyes, and a most en
gaging smile.
"How do you do, Mrs. Noah?" she
¦aid, holding out her hand In a quaint,
old-fashioned way. To John Philip's
surprise, his aunt took the little hand
In hers. <
"So you'd like to live here?" she said,
not unkindly.
"Yet, awful well! Don't you need
me?" she asked naively.
"I think not." Mrs. Noah said — very
gently for her — "and besides I couldn't
take you 'without the consent of the
matron at the home."
"Oh, she woa f t care!" the little girl
THE SAN : ; FRANGISCOJ; SUNDAY^ GALU
By Martha McCullocK Williams
MOTHER
FOR
JOHN
PHILIP
THE MANY LIVED GOD
By Barry PrestonW, .' <¦ JK§ fiEftf | $^" y %tfj
> Well, well, well! It must be that you are nil KCtting '"last ;Ucks" nt that list of books' from the
way the answers come In. But this week we get a UtUc away- from the more'famlUar terms and give you
the names of eight parts of a wagoiito figure out. One is somewhat unfamiliar — -"khigbblt"— but* all the
bthci-s will probably prove plain saillns. "<> <
And now a little talk about pictures. You se e there \are none to-day, simply because there wera
none, suitable for printing. Donbt send stamp photos when you can possibly send anj thing else and never
send untoned proofs. But send .along something, for there is always room for 1 a good picture. • Send your
picture in if you are reasonably sure that you are a winner, and if you don't 'win and have a good picture
it may get In as a reward for tryhig. And lastly, remember the rules. Pictures never appear until a week
or two. after the. names, as Uichames arc thcivery last tiling to get to print.' " ,.;., ., r '"
THERE AllH ONE UUNDREI> AND ' FIFTY -PRIZES, and this Is. what you must do to wm one of
them: ¦" . '; ¦ .',; : ;- v -':-. - ;r//--; :i ¦¦"?¦'•. -.r ¦ ¦¦?-. -;:¦'-,< ' *¦ ' - .: ; -"' :¦-:'- *
. Find the names of parts of : a wagon ron tills- page and . .write them out hi ' the space opposite the
proper^corresponding numbers ijrovldcd,. -for;^ Uie purpose in tlie coupon on this. page, f as per directions;
fill In the coui>oh with your name and ndtlrcss* and' the prize ; you desire— If you win— and send the cou
pon to ;thc [EDITOR OF NAME PUZZLE : PAGE," Sunday Cull,": San Francisco, Cal.'
REMINDER— To solve the eight
puzzles correctly, one ;of tliese,^ 9^f ¦ HUNDRED" : .'AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
And don't forget this 'next point, because it is very.^^'huportauU. ; ALL ANSVVE11S MUST. IlEACU THIS
OFFICE BY FRIDAY, NOON. Y-This gives all those in r the country' an equal chance" to compete. Read •
everything on .this r. page,'-' to .be sure- that you overlook nbtlihiB that will help you to win a prize. " / S
~ THE NAMES/ OF THE LUCKY .WINNERS WILL BE POJL1S1IED IX THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
.WEEKS FROM TO-DAY,^November' C. , r ;: r»*- : . .
These^;are^^the; TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which you may choose If you solve all the pua
•rlcs correctly: :,. ; ' ' ' ¦':¦'. ¦ : ' ;'¦".¦ i - ' -,\ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ." '. :'**i": • r % \ . ," .
Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Talcs From Shakespeare, by Charles Lamb; Cranford, by Gaskell: Dog
of Flanders,* by' Ouida; Emerson's Essa>V;:GiaUver's; Travels", by , Swift ;' I ihltaUon Uttle\ Lame
Prince, by Muiock; Master of Ballnntrue. by Stevenson ;-' Two Years Before the'Mast, by Dana; Prful and
Virginia, by k Sahit J Pjerre ;' Pilgrim's : Progress, by Banyan ; Plahi , Tales From the,' Hills, by Kipling ; Phantom
Rickshaw,; by Kipling ; Longfellow's Poems ; ;Abbe -. Constantin, by llalev y; Pui-adlse Lost, by Milton ; Black
Rock, by Connor; Beautiful Joe, by Saunders; Ten Gems l?Yon» Kipling. ;*••«- J •«,.. '.
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
Irene Norrls, 614 Cherry street, Santa
Rosa;' Ruth Johnson, : Contra \ .Costa;
Antony , Panella, 7. Auburn^street,- San
Francisco; Tom Derrlke, Tracy; Louise
Bergman, -1262 Broadway,". San;Fran
cisco; Emile .yon -Haber horn,; 970
Union street, San - Francisco ; ') Florence
Stilton, 124 Duboce 'avenue, San Fran-
Cisco; '; Harvey . Olds, f Berkeley; -Coral
KIrby, , 565 .O'Farrell street^ San Fran T
Cisco; / "Ralph i'. J , Kent, ; -Little " : River;
; Gladys '¦ Scott; 222 ; Elm .avenue, .^an
¦Francisco;! Beatrice [CurzonT 2510 Fol
<isom v Sap Francisco; *^ Harold'
Rapp,; 185 -Berry street,': San" Francis-'
-: bo ;.:* ErnesUne iFrahzen, 1 1 5 0 5 * Fiilmore
street; '- Sa^FranclscoV^R.^ Wilson; "654
;, Bryant; Etreet;^ San; ; A Fred
> Dlxon, ' ': 7 9 :' Pleasant . street, San" Fran
cisco; tClematys : Marsh,: Nevada'; City;"
v Ray" Welsbrod, > 43 1 Frederick (• street,'
- San \Francisc6; - L.'. Leek, r 9 97 K» Steiner
5 *: Saa) Francisco; { Ealoner^Calla
• han, % ¦ ,1031" Guerrero Vstreet,' 5 San\ Fran
'; ¦ Jenni* Wenderlng, 1 9 1 l^r Addlsori'
;' street," San'! Francisco; ) Raymond' Craw-'
i'fordn 2226%- Post*stfeet,|SamFrancla
i co ; I QJ, E.* Orr; - 6 S 5 : Harrison" street,^ San
•^ sc i m £ji tr"eet,P San '; Francisco ; ;v Leonard
yJacobson,^ 1227 rGoldeiTr'Gatet: avenue;
v^San ' Francisco ; ! Doris : Crane.T 434; Fr edi
¦X erlck' street,' San Francisco'j Dana Mo
.;. E wen, : W ; WebsUr - itreat;" 0anl Fraiii
cjsco; K. ,G«rhow, 1941 Ellis street,
San i Francisco; : : : : Marjorie Falrgrieve,
1026B>Sh6twell/street,: Sari* Francisco;
He.nry, ; AIves,825 Hampshire street," San
Francisco;! ' Jack'JWalsh;': 526' Harrison
street,,' San '„¦ Francisco ;V-Emma',Tubb*s,
1224 ".York fstreet," San". Francisco ; , Hald
Benson, 1 1214 * York f street, y San Fran
cisco ;?•¦ Lester. Musser/ ,4 1 6 ¦• Bartlett
street,* San > Francisco ; * Marlon " Dlttes,
1605 'Webster', street/ ' Sari*. Francisco ;
Virginia ;_Dittes,7, 1 5 0 5 ;\Webster; street,
San jFrancIscjo; VThelma'j Stevens, i219
l Twenty*fseyenth : street,iSan"Frajpcisc6;
Fred^Rotrosky,^1273vTurk(8tre"et. , San
Francisco jvTessie 7 . Bovrland.^l 007/Mc
'Allister % - street,'*, Ban's Francisco ; \ Sylvia
Ehrdlckr;.- * 1 1 G 0 ,v Golden 2 * J Gate J : ' av
;©hue',*/ San '¦'.'. Francisco ; ;\~ John" ' Colter,
'2352^; Pine "Btre«t^;.San :*- Francisco;
; Brie; Richardson,' * 4 9 JBoyd "atreet.'j- San
; Francisco :yjo'seph"V,Roa:ers.--. Berkeley;
c Bernice iX>aiiey, 1506 'Franklin Istreet,
s IBaltt^f Francisco j S^VUleri y« Dalleyyy 1606
t Franklin street, San"; Franelaoo ; Jesaifl
ThompiQR, VaUeJo ; - H, ' R, J^lanji Udt,
1219 Bush' street, San Francisco;-Le
roy Beare, 1208 Mission -. street, San
Francisco; Charlie '¦ Gibbs, .33 Ninth
street,'; San "Francisco;; Netta "Clark,
'2825.* Mission r street. San- Francisco;
Harrys" Clark, 124 Bartlett street; San "
Francisco;'? Gussie' Hedrich, 18 Mary
terrace*, San Francisco; Winonrie Slid-,,
dlehoffv- Berkeley; C. Peterson, 49.
Chenery:_street," San Francisco; f Jess
inyn .'.•-Berhhafd, ¦'. -9 .Twenty-eighth '
street. * San - Francisco; .-Sara . Bloom.
1328 , Jessie" street, San ; * Francisco;
Hat tie J Janes, ' 2403- Howard street,
San; Franclflco;^ Stewart' Peck/ Napa;
Arthur Folger.^Mill -Volley"; \,Meroyl,
Dunn, 4 Waller, street," San Francisco; J
Ol . Kendrick, : 'San -' Rafael; Constance
Davis, 'Rosb^ Valley; -¦, Adela^Durieux,"
Vallejo; . Charles Hussey,', Vallejo ; * Eliz- '
nbeth' Lange,'^Napa; r Esther; Dime,'- San
! Rafael ;* HofaW. Rice, : San , Rafael ; Ha
ael * Perkins,' .: Alameda : c W, ' R ead, 240
v Chapello'8treeVSah ; Francisco; James
Cwter, U82tt :\ Mission ''• Vtreot, Saa
FroncUoo; Miriam Aivord, VsUloJo, ¦
Ethel Asmussen, 411 Fifth street, San
Francisco; H. C. Schulz, 30 Farren ave
nue. San Francisco: Evelyn Owen, Ag
new; Josie Galligan. 217% Eighth
etreet, Saa Francisco; J. Reisa,- 515 Va
lencia street, San Francisco; Dorothy
Dcaring, Portland, Oregon ; Edith Erd«
man. Te» Sixteenth Etreet. - Oakland;
Amy Ochs, 419 Pierce street. San Fran
cisco; Susie Johnson, Sausalito; Annie
Johdson. Sausalito; Alma Boge, 1S33
Larkin street. San Francisco; "Walter
VCSse, 316 Fiilmore street, San Francis
co; Elsie Otto, 1704 Twelfth . avenue
?outh, San Francisco; El wood Jarvia,
Z&i MiEsouri street, San Francisco; J.
C Neubauer. 1012% Minna street. San
Francisco; Louise Hume, 3321 Califor
nia street. San Francisco; D. French,
31 Eleventh street. San Francisco; A-
Reiss, 515 Valencia street, San Fran
cisco; M. Czapkay, 914 Thirty-sixth
street. Oakland; Ruth Dewey, 1525 Scott
street. San Francisco; . P. Ackennan,
1227 Myrtle street, Oakland; Annie La
roche, 413 Nineteenth street, Oakland;
Elene Mohr. Pleasanton; Alma Eddy,
College City; Louisa Wreath, Vallejo;
Mamie Black. Vallejo; Verne Ross,
Forestville; Chester Thorson, 415 Ba
ker street. Petaluma; Hazel Manson,
NUes; Patience Mott, Lakeport;
Claude Gentry. Williams; Edwin Chad
bourne, Sulsun; Frank Logan, By
ron; Esther Smith, 1419 Twenty
ninth street. Sacramento; Adah Bocks.
San Jose; Frances Schwert, "Woodland;
Katherine Fish. Sacramento; Floyd
Dickey. Ashland; Ethel Thralls, San
Miguel; Harold Albin, South Berkeley;
Charles Hartmeyer, TVheatland; Olivia
Brown, San Rafael; Edna Thomas,
Iselton: Hazel Gibson, Alameda; E. I*
Chevalier, Reedley; B. Luckhard,
Berkeley; Gertrude Richardson, ' 939
Sixty-third street, Oakland; /Joseph
Sturgis. Berkeley; Eva Maher. 2314
Webster street, San Francisco; Wilson
Cobbledicks, 1061 Fourth . avenue. East
Oakland; Elva Fulmer, . 90S - Haight
Btreet. San Francisco; Alice Moyle,- 880
Haight street, San "Francisco; Henry
Fuelsch, 451 Haight street, San* Fran
cisco; Marrr-erlte Braendlaln," 1539.'mo-
Allister street, San Francisco;. Dorothy
Taber, 1577 Oak street,, Ban Francisco;'
Mildred Wolf gram, 4565 Eighteenth
street, San Francisco; Carlos Howard,
North Berkeley; Clifton Rosei Berke
ley; Frank Mills, Berkeley; Frank Gus
tavson. South, Berkeley; Pearl Pearson,
San Jose; . Fred Brauer. 1612 Eddy
street, San Francisco; Charles Eaton,
€39 McAllister street, San Francisco;
Marion Ayer, 3724 Seventeenth street;
San Francisco; Olga Eleven, 3750 Sev
enteenth street, San Francisco;, Delia
Cannon, 141 Polk street, San Francisco;
Horton Brandt, 8]^ *£ Golden 'Gate ave
nue, Ban Francisco, L. L^rtn, 16 Turk
street, San Frr-r «jco; James Fisch.
1152 Mission - street, San Francisco;
Madeline Fisch, 1152 Mission street, San
Francisco; Sam Deal, 68A Laskle street,*
San Francisco; Edwin Hess, .1175
Eighth street, Oakland; Marguerite
Boy er, 1106 Willow; st— et, Oakland;
Bessie Boyer, 1106 Willow street, Oak
land; Clarice Morse, 1067 Center s tree V
Oakland; George Leek, 997 Stelner
street. Ban Francisco; Harry
Calston. S97 Stelner street. Can
Francisco; Florence Harrington.
238 Ehotwell street. Saa - IV-rclscb;
THESE are the names of the
lucky prize winners in the
names of articles of furniture
puzzles in The Sunday Call of
October 9:
These Are
the Lucky
150 Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
October 9
VTHE> SAN -FRANCISCO- SUNDAY CALli
NAME PUZZLES
SoIto the Puzzlea,
FfnOrtttheOonpos i
||:= «ad Bepad* U fo ;
the Fnzzlfi Editor,
: V Bmiday CaD.;S. BL
¦ To PxaaJa VPMtm* t ffiw»yfffyf^JL
> Baa Francisco:
; Below la their ppop«» m«a»-
; bers please find my Bomtlo* ef
j. the names of part* ofVwacon
; In this week's puzzles t x
3 .........i; i'
: 4 •
5 ....... .,-..» iiiBM««ii— ".
* "*»?•»-. ----- -•—¦ -rp i-riLt m im i»»»m ¦'
:, . : v. , • t '.V'i
- • \ i /, J
¦ - ¦ ,/-J
8 1 ¦ • 1 •,.!_! 1 1 • » T j|j.T» i.«»J»»r»«i
' ' • i
.. October 23, 1904. , . .;
Name •••••«••• ....... ••»¦••¦••••• .<
I
City ..*......T...... .* .....;
Sute '*••••••*¦¦*• ;
If I win I choose for ptte ;
jj- ¦. - _. ,--- -,-, -...;- y .-.-¦_'¦ . ¦ . <
- -'. i
I
. ¦ -1
>,.... . . . . . .............. y. . . . .
(See List if Prizetjb ( :The "professor" is a Liverpool man
named Pritchard and the antitoxin is
a secret which he discovered during a
sojourn of sport on the west coast of
Africa.
Czar to See War Scenes.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 22.— The
American klnetoscopes stiowlng'scenes
of the war, which the Czar recently
ordered, - have , arrived here, and a
private exhibition is > being arranged ' at
the imperial-palace/ to which only the
personnel of the court will! be invited.
not been fulfilled. , It was eleven years
ago that he married, 'as his second wife,
the beautiful. Miss Adela Grant,.daugh
ter of Beach Grant of New York.; What
was her. fortune : is ; not- known, but
whatever it was It is a lamentable fact
that his lordship is now hard up. ,
To such' straits ¦. has the Earl been re
duced ' to; procure .ready .-cash : that- he
has" Just /sold -one.; of * the j three /church
livings to' which he has the right, to ap
pointing ~- the* incumbent. ~ He I inherited
• LONDON., Oct. 22.— Never; in \ its his
tory \ has i -the? venerable .English'. Bible
SocietyTdistributed; so "rnany.coDies of
the good'jbook as '¦;. since ; the. Russo-Jap
anese bwar| began.,'" Tens J of « thousands
of Bibles'; have been ; sent < to : Korea : > the
demandHwas j extraordinary .V' It; devel
ops S that'; the : Korean's -have? sold Uhe
Bibles' toUhe: Japanese. twho have stud
ied:'- themiindustriously.^notifor-. their
spiritual -welfare,; but .that'- they might
have? J goqd' English."^ ','• -;j ,,
Japanese Buy; Many Bibles.
Many beautiful marble windows
which once ornamented historical pal
aces, statues taken from churches how
closed to -worshipers, -marble well in
closures of Byzantine origin, medal
lions, ; coats of arms and columns have
recently disappeared- and. it is said,
have been shipped to America to adorn
the palaces of millionaires.
• An' investigation has been ordered.
Some of the accused officials say most
of these supposed [ancient works of art
were manufactured , in ; ,Venice by deal
ers who imitate' all things worth repro
ducing andsell them as geunine to for
eign'visitors. ; /:;•¦; V- ' •
Dltv has been ascertained.. _ however,
that a London museum lately acauired
several { church :« vestments of the" flf r
teenthj century, and the Italian author
ities arejtrylng, to find out which of the
129 churches '. lost -them.
VENICE, Oct. 22.— Venice is being
robbed every day of its art I treasures
with the complicity, it is said, of bribed
Government officials. Day after day
barges laden with boxed-up marble or
naments and monuments sail for un
known destinations.
Officials Accused of Accepting Bribes
for Connivance .in Wholesale
Looting . by Americans.
VENICE IS BEING ROBBED
«OF MANY ART TREASURES
whom. because .of ;his sporting tastes,
he Is; extremely/popular. But it 'is a
matter of common : gossip , in- society
that the ; ; Countess. 1 perceiving well
what such indulgence •: is • leading to.
does not approve of It and- in conse
quence things ; are not - running with
perfect I smoothness - between . them.
The fact is the Earl, who' is ; now: only
4 7; j got' his' early .training in . a : very
bad school— the Guards. * !r In-, that
famed regiment, . scions > of the >. nobil
ity : seldom take ; soldiering Y seriously,
but. they 'do ,: learn *ho\v '"to ' go the
pace,".so that* they find it
hard to; draw ; reinywhen' retrenchment
becomes y.necessary. ., ;;^. ¦;¦'.• ;•
: Serious 'financial "difficulties, , as ', far
as ,the:Earn is' concerned,;, are out' of
the ' question,' because *his ¦ brother-in
law. Lord iBrassey, would he ver> allow
any i one -of >.the? family,' to .fail on ;evil
times. ':lt'is supposed 1 . that'the sale-of
the 'Wa tford;" rights"-- will: be 'the end
of the Earl's commercial
as far-^as. his festates are^conceri\ed. • :
no less than three of these common
appendages of the English nobility—
one at <Watford, . his residential seat;
another in Essex and a third; In War
wickshire. It Js the first named : with
which he has parted. It is an extreme-;
ly. valuable one, the Income amounting
to no leas than 520,000 a year, and as Is
usually the ci.se where a rector; gets
big pay in' the Church of Engltnd, he is
required to do very little for the money.
The occupant; of the Watford vicarage
is an old man and unless • he violates
some ecclesiastical law ' he can not be
deprived of : his snug, billet while he
lives. It is the right of appointing his
successors that the Earl of Essex has
transferred , for a cash consideration.
That so many, members of the nobility,
who, 1 as a rule, are by no ; means con
spicuous for. their piety, should possess
such rights and be privileged to barter
them for gold, ' constitutes ' one . of * the
"greatest scandals % - of the English
church. But when' a peer gets hard up
he does >not let such- considerations
worry • him. And traffic in ; church ; liv
ings is recognized as ; a perfectly, legit
imate and 1 lawful f orm . of business. - •; .;
The. Earl - of Essex has ; also Isold
another of his ancient j atVWat
ford—that "of •; exacting "toll" of 'all
"who 'enter the town' 1 to sell agricultural
produce.' * This ¦; additional . evidence
that; he": is > In ; financial >, difficulties \ has
evoked > many. 1 expressions ¦ of sympathy,
from the ',* people • of ~:'. Watford ¦ ' ;with
TWO. OP THE FAIK FRIENDS OF ENGLAND'S KINS.
She has obtained possession of the
shop "in aristocratic Bond street which
was formerly occupied by the Countess
of Warwick, and "picture gowns" de
signed .by her have become quite the
rage in the. fashionable set. "She is one
of the sisters-in-law > of Lord Forester.
Her husband has a -pretty place at
Ascot and. is a popular member of the
Royal Yacht Squadron, membership in
which ; is so rigidly guarded from all
taint' of trade that; even if Sir Thomas
Lfpton should succeed in "lifting" the
cup he would never be elected to it.
Before her. marriage Mrs. Forester was
Miss Elspeth Mackenzie, and her
shrewd' business 'instinct is attributed
to ¦ her I Scotch extraction.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Smart society has
furnished another recruit to the legion
of "lady dressmakers," ": as . they are
styled in London.- This time it is the
Hon. Mrs. . Charles Forester who has
condescended to step from the lofty
pinnacle of an assured position among
the fashionable elect to make money by
ministering to the vanity of its gay
butterflies. And there is no doubt that
she is making it pay handsomely.
Opens Dressmaking Es
' tablishment and
Makes It Pay.
Smart Society
Woman Enters
Business Field
The King's friendship for LaSy Saville dates back many years prior
to her marriage to Baron Saville when she was plain Mrs. Helyar. She
is a' petite woman, with abundance of golden hair In which few sliver
threads have yet appeared, and, of course, witty and vivacious or she
would not have been so long numbered among the King's friends. She Is
not one 'of the great entertainers of London, but.the King is a frequent
guest at her "little dinners." Lady, Gerard, whose only son will become of
age this autumn, is another of. the King's old friends who has discovered
the secret of preserving her youthful good looks. She recently enter
tained the King at Eastwell Park and Mrs. George Keppel was one of
The King has numerous other friends, but those enumerated will suf
fice'to show that in his selection of them he exercises the widest range
of 'choice. ~ r
Another woman who also enjoys the distinction of being a great favorite
with both the King and Queen is Mrs. Willie James, whose husband Is of
American descent. She is a pretty little woman with frizzled hair and
wears glasses, but she is a brilliant talker, a clever amateur actress and an
enthusiastic yachtswoman, which makes her a welcome guest on board the
royal yacht That she plays a good hand at bridge goes without saying.
James himself, though chiefly known to fame as the husband of his accom
plished wife, is of versatile character, the possessor of great Inherited wealth
and a mighty hunter of big game.
That the King esteems old women as friends, as well as young ones,
is shown by the fact that among his guest3 for the Goodwood week this
year was Miss Jane Thornewill, "old Miss Jane" as she is generally re
ferred to in society. But Miss Thornewill is keen on bridge. That she
happens to be .a sister of Lady Burton of Bass has nothing to do with
the King's liking for her. Another elderly woman who Is on very friendly
terms with the King is the Duchess, of Devonshire. But the Duchess la
one of the grand ladies of England, and her husband one of the most
distinguished peers of -the realm. At Chatsworth House they are able to
entertain royalty right royally.
ANOTHER KOYAL FAVORITE.
Mrs. Cornwallls West, formerly Lady Randolph Churchill, and before
that Miss Jerome of New York, Is another Instance of the King's loyalty to
his old friends, though since she took unto herself a second husband so much
younger than herself she has not been so often seen at the country houses
which he visits. Lady Curzon for a time was not In the King's good books
because of the reports sent home from India that she gave herself more
airs than were justified even by her rank as the wife of the Viceroy, but
since her return she has been fully restored to the royal favor, as was evi
denced by the fact that the King stood sponsor at the christening of her
youngest baby.
Among English women who figure prominently as friends of the Kins
the most conspicuous and, for many reasons, the most Interesting, is Mrs.
George Keppel. With far more Justification' than in the case of Cavendlsh-
Bentinck might the phrase "nobody in particular" be applied to Mr. Keppel.
He has a business billet of some sort with Sir Thomas Llpton. who makes
things as easy as he can for him and always allows him a holiday when his
wife is helping to entertain the King. Mrs. Keppel Is generally considered
the prettiest of the King's women friends. She is certainly the poorest.
But she treats her poverty— her comparative poverty— as a Jest and has
often threatened to write a book entitled "How to Enjoy Life and Entertain
Royalty on Five Hundred Pounds a Year."
He cares nothing for women who cannot "frivol" a bit. Feminine blua
stockings he abhors. He may publicly applaud women with missions who
make a success of them, but in private they bore him. He seeks society
for pleasure, relaxation and— bridge; not for serious discussion. Ho gets
enough of that when attending to his business as a King.
That among the King's friends there should be bo many American
women has given rise to no little bitterness and Jealousy In aristocratic
circles. But these daughters of the United States owe their distinction en
tirely to the fact that as a rule they are bright, tactful, attractive and
good talker and esteem .their birthright too highly to be flustered by the
attentions of royalty. They are too well known on the other side to need
more than a passing mention of some of them here.
Consuelo, Duchess of Manchester, the Dowager Duchess, has for many
years been regarded by the King as one of his stanchest friends, which
is proof that in such matters he Is not fickle- She is getting on in life, but
is still a brilliant woman and retains much of the youthful beauty which
as Miss Yznaga made her famous In America. Her name oftener than that
of many younger women appears among the list of guests at big house par
ties gathered to entertain the King. That other Consuelo, the Duchess of
Maryborough, has often played the hostess to the King, though she is gen
erally regarded as one of the Queen's special friends rather than his Ma
jesty's. The reigning Duchess of Manchester, formerly" Miss Helen Zim
merman of Cincinnati/though she cannot be classed among his close
friends Is distinctly "persona grata" with the King. She would have had
the honor of entertaining both the King and Queen at Kylempre Castle had
the place been ready for occupancy on the occasion of the royal visit to
Ireland.
DEMANDS FRIVOLITY.
This is the King's holiday season, when tie visits big country houses
and invites his friends— and more particularly his women friends — to
meet him and help him enjoy himself. Nominally, of course, it Is his
hosts who issue the invitations, but, as everybody knows, it is the King
himself who supplies the lists of the people whom he wishes to meet.
In many matters the King's actions are so circumscribed by cere
mony and the rigorous etiquette pertaining to a court that he has far less
freedom of choice than most of his subjects. But he can choose- his
friends— both male and female— and especially with regard to the latter
he exhibits a far more catholic taste than is shown by many of the
heads of the nobility. Some of the feminine intimates are rich, others
are comparatively poor; some have titles, others have none; some are
married and some are single; some are young and some are old.; many
are strikingly handsome women, but not. a few never had any preten
sions to beauty.
' That latter statement may rather surprise some American readers who
Jn. former- days, qyhen the King was ths Pririce.of Wales, with a worse repu
tation for galiaritry than perhaps he deserved, heard his name so frequently
linked with those of reigning belles and professional beauties. But it should
be borne in mind that he Is now 63 and at that age, when the blood begins
to run cold, beauty 1 no longer constitutes an overpowering attraction. Nor
that he is indifferent to it by any means, and other things being equal he
still gives the preference to the pretty facea, but for many years it could
no longer be truthfully said of him that he bestowed his friendship only
on pretty women. The things that he does insist on are wit and vi
vacity.
Considering that he is a descendant of the great ducal family of
Portland, that he is a wealthy man and was for ten years a member of
Parliament, it is rather rough on Cavendish-Bentlnck to be described as
"nobody in particular," but it Is th© fate of many Englishmen, who mar
ry American women to be known thereafter merely as the husbands of
their wives, particularly, as often happens, when those same wives are
singled out as the objects of royal attention.
Before her marriage in 1880 Mrs. Cavendish-Benflnck was Miss Vio
let Livingston, a daughter of Maturin Livingston of Staatsburgh, N. T.
"When she came to England she astonished people by the rapidity with
which she scored social successes and rose to the top of the swell set.
but she had three strong cards to. play — beauty, wit and money — and she
knew how to make each one of them count. Her town residence Is in
Richmond Terrace, Whitehall, near the Houses of Parliament, and when
she lay 111 there some years ago "Big Ben," the famous Parliamentary
clock, was muffled for fear that Its noise might disturb her. That was
pretty strong evidence both of her popularity and what in America
would be called her "pull."
LONDON. Oct. 22. — "King Edward's partiality for American women
was again shown recently . when, to the chagrin of many titled folk who
were eager to entertain him in grand style, he slipped off for a week
end holiday to Highcliffe Castle, near Christchurch. Hants, as the guest
of George Cavendlsh-Bentlnck. For, as one paper frankly stated, "Mr.
Cavendish-Bentlnck is nobody In particular, but his American wife is a
great favorite of his Majesty's and one of the brightest society women
of the day."
His iyiajesty Insists, However, on Wit
and Skill at Bridge Whist.
MONARCH NO LONGER DEMANDS
BEAUTY IN FAIR ASSOCIATES
Edward VII's Predilection for
Their Society Arouses
GREAT BRITAIN'S KING IS A WARM ADMIRER OF AMERICAN WOMEN, AND COUNTS AMONG HIS CLOSEST FRIENDS
MANY OF THE TRANSPLANTED YANKEE GIRLS MO NOW ADORN LONDON'S SMART SET
British Peer
Raises Cash
in Odd Way
Society Now
Has Pet Gats
Vaccinated
Earl of Essex Sells
Valuable Church
Living.
London Dog Doctors
Find a New Oc
cupation.
LONDON, Oct. 22.— When a British
peer marries an American woman, it is
assumed as a matter of course that he
will have 'money enough to gratify his
most extravagant tastes for the rest of
his days. But in the case of the Earl
of Essex, at least, that expectation has
Queen Alexandra Has
Feline Family .
Treated.
LON3X)N, Oct. 22. — The dog doctor
h&s "been for a number of years a fa
miliar figure in society- — in- fact, no
"doggy" family could get along with
out him. His place in the household
was almost on a par with that of the
family surgeon or physician and his
income was in many cases higher.
Following Queen Alexandra's exam
ple, however, many society "women
have discarded the bow-wow to make
room for pussy, T»ith the result that
the "dog doctor" has, in many cases,
fallen on evil times. But he is a re
sourceful man- He has discovered
that cats suffer from many of the
complaints that were supposedly con
fined to dogs and he has actually
made "catty" women believe that if
their cats are not "vaccinated" they
are liable to catch some disease after
the nature of smallpox.
He has discovered an antitoxin that
will save the feline family from con
tracting the infection. The method
employed 4» to - inject the ' serum - be-~
r.eath the skin of pussy by means of
a. needle-pointed syringe.
During the last few days a "profes
sor" has been operating on the
"Queen's cats, but it was not before he
was able to show her Majesty that
cats of lower stations in life had ben
efited from the treatment that she
allowed her pets to be "punctured."
SAN FRANCISCO, ; SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1904.On October 16 a cloud of mosquitoes
so dense as to obscure the sun and
making a noise like a distant sound of
the ocean settled down on the center
of , Madrid. Many horses became un
manageable and the streets were soon
deserted. Suddenly the cloud of in
sects rose into the air again and dis
appeared
t
Senator. Cuthbert, accompanied ..by
Senator. Arter and Senate, Doorkeeper
Field, have "during the past few weeks
been visiting all of the councils of this
city and of -Alameda County, and ex
plaining the recent legislation . of . the
Senate in the "matter, of a readjustment
of rates so as' to 'eaualize them as to
the age of members. The explanations
have In each Instance been satisfac
tory.
Last week the Senators named and
General Deputy Joseph A. Wilson visit
ed the council in Alameda and ad
dressed a meeting along the line of In-
El Dorado Council' of the National
Unlon'at-its" lastheld meeting received
two applications and California Council
received . two and had' four applica
tions. "¦ • -
Enright Camp of the Royal Neigh
bors has. organized a : drill ; team '¦ and ¦ it
The Joint social given by the Modern
Woodmen -of America and the Royal
Neighbors of this city in the Electrical
Engineers' Hall recently . was a de
cided success And was attended by
nearly three hundred persons, including
neighbors from camps across the bay
and several from, the camp in--Peta
luma. The neighbors from the . Ala
meda- County, camps, - preceded by, the
Forestlc drill teams In uniform and led
by the Royal Neighbor; band of Oak
land, entered the hall in a body and
were welcomed ; with loud cheers. Mrs.
Gertlna A. O'Nell, Mrs. Mayer. Levlsbn
and Mrs. Harriett Plowman - of the
Royal Neighbors, presented a short pro
gramme of entertainment, Venerable
Councilor W. \ H. Edwards, Goodfellow
ship Camp, acting ; as . master , of cere
monies. Those who^ contributed: to the
pleasure of the evening were:, Clarissa
Prene," Clara Wescott, Har;l Parker,
the Misses Barrah, > <Lila Maple, M.'
Johnson and T. Nowlan.- Dancing and
the serving of refreshments fol-_
lowed. • . ¦ • . •
Modern Woodmen.
. Oakdale Parlor , celebrated flag, day
at its * first meeting this month . with a
good patriotic programme in which the
following took part : . Polly '. Rails, Lot
tie Hoffman, Ada . Reeder and Mamie
Lancaster." ' The exercises closed with
the singing of :"Amerlca.
'{¦ The^followins ,was :the pro-gramme jat
the flag; day celebration. by La Estrella
Parlor: "The Star-Spangled . Banner,"
sung -by '.the parlor;,.', reading of the
"Flag) Charge," 1 by ¦ Past -President B.
Hartman ; recitation, '.¦' "Webster's ; rAd-
The following was the programme at
the flag day celebration by Califla Par
lor, of Sacramento at its first meeting
in October: "Proud Flag oftthe Free,"
vocal. solo, Sarah Morton Howard; In
response to an encore she •' sang "The
Star-Spangled Banner"; "Stand by the
Flag," recitation, Mellnda Wise; this
was followed by a game entitled "Our,
Nation."
Buena Ventura Parlor after the busi
ness* on the night of the first meeting
in October observed flag day in a. very
enthusiastic manner. The programme
Included: "Flag Day," Helen Nldever;
"Star-Spangled. ~ Banner,'.' Alice Mac-
Gregor; selected reading, Irene. Wil
liams; : "Karolyn March," -Minnie ; Daly,
and "Columbia, Gem of the Ocean," by
the parlor. The exercises were followed
by; progressive .¦ games \ in which Miss
Minnie Daly won the prize, a fine silver
spoon -.with -.the American flag in the
bowl thereof and tied "with the tri
color. .
Native Daughters.
All of the temples of the Rathbone
Sisters have secured quarters in the
Red Men's building.
At the last held meeting of San Fran
cisco Temple one applicant was ini
tiated in a faultless manner by the of
ficers and the degree starr. Two candi
dates were balloted ¦ for and two ap
plications were received. .
Ramona Temple, Eureka, initiated
tv.enty-ttvo candidate's during the re
contly closed term. This temple has
a Ramona Improvement Club. 'Those
who compose It meet at the houses of
different members semi-annually and
study the constitution and by-laws of
the order. The member, who is credit
ed with the greatest proficiency is
given a prize. At the last' held exam
ination the prize went to Mrs. Retta
Marshall, the M. E. C.
California Temple, Sacramento, re
cently, moved into new quarters, which
were renovated and fitted up by the
Knights of Pythias = to meet the re
quirements of 1 the temp!e. At a recent
meeting of the temple there were pres
ent J. H. and Mrs. Keen of San Fran*
cisco Temple and visitors from Grass
Valley/ There was the Initiation of -a
lady.'and a knight in. a,- manner that
was highly • commended.. A social time
followed' the work of the .'evening.
.Supreme ) Representative Juliet'. Stib
bens before , returning: home from the
Supreme Temple session visited M. Josie
Nelson, S. M. of R." and C., and "relatives
in ; Indiana.' She also Chicago,
St. Louis and Denver. Colo.
Upon; the return of George j Samuels,
past grand chancellor of the Knights
of Pythias, and Mrs. Lily Samuels. 1
his wife, past grand chief of the Rath
bane; Sisters, : from a" trip 'East ] Loyal
Temple lot .-. Oakland tendered -them • a
reception, \whjeh 'was a very /delightful
affair.'/-
The members of Riverside Temple
Rathbone Sisters.
-The supreme, headquarters of the or
der have been removed to : 528 . Sutter
street in the same building where tha
supreme medical examiner ¦ has his of
fices. IBSKKflBdSfl
Lincoln Assembly of Oakland ¦ cele
brated its removal from Maple Hall on
Fourteenth street to Fraternal Hall on
Washington street last week by ini
tiating a class ' of candidates. .
Mrs. A. M. Taft visited Alpha Assem
bly In N Watsonville last week and
through her efforts several candidates
were secured for initiation. " On the
occasion of her visit Joseph S. Crank,
the speaker of the assembly, ; delivered
an address that proved- that .he Is an
enthusiast for the organization. .
Mrs... Mai lory, ;the wife of the su
preme vice president, after having: been
In San Francisco for two weeks, has
returned to her home in Grants Pass.
Ore. .During her stay here she visited
the local assemblies, as well as those
of Alameda County," and expressed her
self as.well pleased with the reception
she ¦ received every where she went.' y
During September Hogmann. Assem
bly of Hogmann, Wash., initiated flf
ty nine r strangers; Sunset Nol 8 of. Ab
erdeen, fourteen: and Puget Sound No.
11 'Of Tacoraa, nine. ¦ - • ;
An entertainment of San Francisco
Assembly No. 1 of the Lincoln Annuity
Union, given on the second Wednesday
In October in its hall in the Odd Fel
lows' building, was well attended and
was a most pleasing affair. • There was
an overture by an orchestra; ,; vocal
solo. Miss Anna Gill: specialties by five
Spanish gentlemen: duet by Mrs. Nel
lie Kuykendall and' Mrs. # Bertha
Prentise; a short addres3 by.' Medical
Director Dr. William C. Hasaler; zither
zolo. Professor Louis | Zels. . and vocal
selections by Mrs. W. Winters. ' After
the programme there was dancing, pro
gressive whist and the serving of a
luncheon and light refreshments. This
assembly has been quite active of lata
and it is the leader in the order in tha
social line.
Lincoln Annuity.
The "unusual social" to be given by
the Ladies' Auxiliary of the Past Dic
tators' Association of the Knights of
Honor will be on November 17, in Gold
en Gate Hall.
Grand Dictator Archibald will visit
the lodges in San Diego and Los An
geles during the current month, and
during the third week in November he
will be with the Knights in Sacra
mento.
Ivy Lodge at its last held meeting
initiated two strangers; Liberty Lodge
had two candidates to initiate, and
Saxon Lodge had four. '. .r..
Norman Lodge is making arrange
ments to celebrate the silver anniver
sary of its Institution by a dinner on
the 25th inst. Each member will be
privileged to bring one lady to the
dinner.
Knights of Honor.
tendered a reception during the early
part of October to Supreme Chief
Lydia A. Monroe, who is a member of
that temple.
District Deputy Grand Chief . Mar
gaTet Hamilton has instituted Santa
Ynez Temple at Santa Ynez, Santa
Barbara County, with a good charter
list.
Grand Mistress of Records and Cor
respondence Louise Holmes reports all
temples in a very good condition, and
that Calanthe Temple of Oakland is
the banner subordinate of the grand
jurisdiction. •ffijMj
Los Angeles Temple gave a box so
cial recently, which was well attended
and realized a handsome sum' for the
temple's treasury; A prize was awards*!
to the one who presented the most
beautifully decorated box:
Magnolia Temple, Santa Maria, was
recently visited by Grand Chief Bettie
C. Nickell. and in the presence of a
large number of members of the order
she witnessed the initiation of flv«
ladles and three knights. . The work
was done in a most creditiable manner.
During the evening the grand chief
gave an instructive and interesting
address, in which she introduced many
first-class suggestions, for the jjcod of
the order. The grand chief was pre
sented with a very handsome silver
souvenir spoon by the temple, after
which there was a banquet.
The temples of district No. 5 are pre
paring for a district convention under
the supervision of District Deputy
Grand Chief Julia Day.
OFFICIALS PROMINENT IX
FRATERXAIi ORGANIZA
TIONS.
During, the last ten days two coun
cils of the Order. of Pendo were insti
tuted in Oakland — Friendship with
forty members and Golden West with
twenty •members. -
A new' council has been organized in
Yakima, Wash., and one is being or
ganized'¦in Greeley, Colo.; ."
The Texas field, which has been com
paratively Idle for a long time, will be
reopened this week, when a special
State deputy will be placed in charge.
' Reports from the order in Southern
California are to the effect that all are
making accessions to the membership
roll. v >; j :¦:';•;_.:;!
Home Circle of this city had a good
entertainment at the close of its meet
ing last week, and at the next meeting
it will have eight strangers to initiate.
Forget-Me-Not Lodge on October 15
had a pleasant social time, under the
name of "A Night in Dixie," in its hall
in the Red Men's building. The pro
grame presented under the direction
of Dr. Blanche L. Sanborn, P. C. of H.,
included the "Dixie Chorus"; character
song, E. B. Cohn; vocal solo, William
Loan; "Always in the Way," sung by
Frank Varney, and specialties* by B.
Remlck. Dancing followed the pro
gramme.
On Friday, October 28, Carnation
Lodge will give a "flsh-pond party,!'
v;ith many attractions for Juvenlle3,
in its lodgeroom In the Shiels build
ing:. A unique programme has been
arranged by the committee, of which
Mae E. Core, C. of IL, is the chair
man. There will be a continuous
round of amusement and "side shows."
Pnst Chief of Honor Dora H. Wil
fcins of Carnation Lodge has been ap
pointed from that lodge to serve on
the reception committee at the grand
ball to be given October 31, in Native
Sons' Hall, in celebration of the thirty
sixth anniversary of the founding of
the Anciont Order, of United'Work
men.
. The dedication ; of..a. new hall for
the Ancient Order of. Workmen in
Bakersfleld last week was an event In
that place that attracted an audience
of more than ; seven hundred persons.
This hall, built by "the Kern Valley Im
provement Company, is one of the best
arranged fraternal halls south of San
Francisco, and will be occupied • by
Justice Lodge of the A. O. U. W. and
Valentine Lodge of the Degree of
Honor. The hall was dedicated to the
Order of Workmen by Grand Master
Dunton, assisted by Grand Recorder
Spencer and other grand officers, and
after the ceremony there was an in
teresting programme of entertainment.
The new lodge at Point Richmond
was instituted last week by the grand
recorder, who was assisted by a num
ber of the members from this city,
who, with many others, accompanied
him to the place named.
The lodge in Santa Rosa gave
Ihe grand recorder a banquet after a
reception on the night, of the 19th inst.
Valley Lodge No. SO gave a stag
party in its hall in the Pioneer build
ing last week. There was a large at
tendance and the programme of en
tertainment was a very interesting
one.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Order of Pendo.
National Union.
A paper called "The Pacific Coast
Odd. Fellow". is being published Inithe
Interest of the Manchester Unity by
Messrs. Stots cf "Mission. Sawtcli of
Oakland, Schwarts of Sari Francisco
Lodge and the .corresponding .'secretary
of Mission Lodge.' .-.-
The following have been installed as
the officers of Loyal Golden Gate Lodge
by Frank Bell, D.D., assisted by James
Currie, P. G. of Loyal Mission Lodge;
Charles A. Roberts, G. M.; William
Sllva, N. G.; J. Petrolla. V. G.; Charles
K. Stewart, L. M.; P. Mazzolli, H. I.
Wilson, P. S.; C. S. Roberts, C; Mark
Tann, W.; Fred" Taylor, I. G., and G.
Modeste, O. G.' *
The following have been installed by
J. Currie, assisted "by Past Grand God
dard. as the officers of Loyal Mission
Lodge: F. Lyle, G. M.; F. Brinkman,
N. G.; J. S. Currie. V. G.; J. Butler,
E. S.; M. Wolf smith, M. Long, I. G..
and M. Noffey, O. G.
Frank Barlni. P. G. M., assisted by
Edward .Farrell, P. C. 3;; has installed
the following as the officers for Loyal
Oakland Lodge: O. J. Smith, G. M. ;
L. P. Jones, N. G.; W. S. Harrison, V.
G.; A. E. Harrison, E. S.; W. L. Fowler,
L. M. There was a large attendance
on that nteht and. three strangers were
initiated. %he degree team rendered the
work in a perfect manner and during
this time the candidates were each put
through the "Joah" degree and each
took It ,good. naturedly. This lodge
gave a grand. ball October 19 in K. P.
Hall. • ¦.¦"" -'
The grand ball given in Saratoga
Hall on the night of the second
Wednesday in October. In celebration
of the fourteenth anniversary of the
establishment of the Independent Order
of Odd Fellows (Manchester Unity) on
the Pacific Coast, was a great success,
that was carried out to a pleasant ter
mination under the' supervision of the
following named officers of the Cali
fornia District, assisted by the several
committees whose -names follow: Past
Provisional Grand Master H. Herring
ton, Provisional Grand Master Frank
Marini, - Provisional Deputy Grand
Master T. M. Millar, Provisional Cor
responding Secretary "^ E. D. Farrel,
Provisional Treasurer W. T. Worth
ington. Trustee N. H. Daniels, Trustee
F. W. Clark. Trustee James Reynolds,
Auditor O. M. Jensen, Auditor F. H.
Schott, Conductor F. Fopplano, War
den A. Lawson, Guardian E. McCor
mick, Organizer H. L Wilson. Com
mittee of arrangements — Frank Marlnl
(chairman), Thomas Millar, J. S. Cur
rie, ... Lawson. O. M. Jensen, A. H.
Hagemann. F. H. Schott, Thomas J.
O'Keefe. Reception committee — Dr. H.
Herrington (chairman). E. D. Farrel,
W. L. Nelson. O. P. Welch, Dr. J. E.
Christie, W. T. Worthington, Thomas
W. Goddard- Floor committee— Thomas
M. Millar (floor manager), O. M. Jen
sen (assistant floor" manager), J. S.
Currie, W. H. Sawtell, Charles K.
Stewart, A. H. Hagemann, Fred H.
Schott.
Manchester Unity.
been a committee- of importance in the
order in this city for several yearn past
in which he has not taken a part. . He
is looked upon in the order as a true,
loyal Forester.
has' challenged the drill teams of Good
fellowship and Occidental camps to a
Competitive drill.* This will be on De
cember 29. - N
«
day last week by the carrying out of a
pleasing patriotic programme.* This
parlor will give an entertainment to its
members and friends in the near future.
O. K. Brown, the secretary for the
northern Jurisdiction, is a very active
member of the order, who originally
placed his -membership in Court V Ma
drone, and in time changed to Court
Acacia, of which he has been chief
ranger, after having held other, ofilces
therein. He was secretary of the Past
Chief Rangers' Association, secretary
of the San Francisco Board of Depu
ties, 1 and Is now archivist of the Royal
Foresters of this city. ¦• There .has. not
Now that the Independent Order of
Foresters has two high courts In Cali
fornia the northern division, which
has the original charter, with G. Q.
Stewart as high chief ranger and. O. K.
Brown as high secretary, the office will
be removed from Los Angeles to this
city and a new office will be opened in
Los Angeles for the southern jurisdic
tion.
Buena Vista Parlor presented the
following programme in celebration of
flag day; original poem, Mrs. G. W.
Baker, P. G. P.; piano selections, Miss
Jacobs; Instrumental selections of a
patriotic nature. Miss Browet; "The
Star Spangled Banner," sung by the
parlor, and "My Own United States,"
Miss Edna Barnes. The members of
this parlor are arranging for the pre
sentation of a comic opera on the night
of November 17.
Independent Foresters.
Gabrielle Parlor held its first meet
ing in Elks' Hall last week and on that
occasion had a double celebration,
namely the observance of the flag day
of the order and a house warming. The
entertainment conducted by President
Olive A. Wood, assisted by Carrie
Pesanti, first vice president, two of the
most ardent workers for the parlor,
included a welcome by Miss Pesanti,
an address to the flag, by Harry K.
Wolff. "The Star Spangled Banner,'.'
by Marguerite Blaisdell; vocal solo,
Carrie Manning; ballad,- E. B. Moss,
and vocal duet, by Mrs. Schell and
Mrs. Adams. The programme was fol
lowed by dancing and the serving of a
collation.
programme of music and song and an
exhibition drill by Company A, the
uniformed drill corps of the parlor,
Captain Mae O'Connor commanding,
was a most delightful affair that was
carried out at the suggestion of Past
Grand President Conrad. During the
afternoon Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes congratulated the parlor on
having taken the initiative in provid
ing an entertainment for those who
have not an opportunity to enjoy such
recreation. Past Grand President Eliza
D. Keith delivered an eloquent short
talk on the various branches of work
that the Native Daughters have taken
up, and especially commended the idea
of La Vespero Parlor in devoting time
and attention that the unfortunate
might be delighted. The courtesy of
the members of the parlor in escorting
the old people of the house to the as
sembly hall and showing them to seats,
with as much care and attention as if
they were the most favored people of
the land, was particularly commended
by one of. the speakers. The parlor
covered itself with glory and was by
Assistant Superintendent Curry pro
fusely thanked for what It had done
to please the inmates.
The following is the programme that
is to be presented at the entertainment
given on the night of October 28 in
Mission Hall, on Seventeenth street,
near Valencia, by Las Lomas Parlor
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West: Piano solo, Mrs.' Varney; so
prano solo, Miss Margaret McGovern;
a farce, in one act, entitled, "The Par
liament of Servants," In which Mrs. S.
P. Gaggett, Mrs. C. Klernan and Mrs.
Emma Schofleld and Misses Mattie
Farrls, Mayme Harryhauser, May Lay
ton, The.rese Melbourne and Kittle
Whelan, all members of the parlor, will
take part; vocal selections by Fred
Keyser, James Lewis, Harry Dowdall
and Gus Dorn, composing the Occi
dental Quartet; recitation, Anna Dris
coll and Frankie" Dakin, with Lillian
Kern, Mae Lacy, Maybelle Driscoll,
Sadie Madsen, Nell . Waters, . Rose
Smith, Gussie Ormond, Anna Marlow,
Etta Weinberg and Mae Scheper, her
pickaninnies. .The programme is to be
followed by dancing. This parlor is a
very enthusiastic one that has gained
an enviable reputation for conducting
social functions.
Miss Alice Ticoulet, financial secre
tary of Buena Vista Parlor, was taken
suddenly 111 last week and has been
confined to her home under medical
care. •
Those who are arranging for the or
ganization of Russian Hill Parlor held
a meeting last week to prepare for
institution with a charter Hat of sixty
in about a fortnight. The meeting was
addressed by Grand First Vice Presi
dent James L. Gallagher. Grand Secre
tary Charles H. Turner, District Depu
ty Grand President John A. Scott and
a number of prominent members of tha
order.
On the night of the first Thursday
in October 150 members of Mission
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Gold
en West celebrated the twentieth an
niversary of the organization of th«
parlor by a banquet In a Pine-street
dining hall. N. W. Hall, president of
the parlor, was the toastmaster and
he called upon Congressman W. J.
Wynn. Walter Neat Brunt. John Por
cher and others to respond to toasts.
During the repast there was a pro
gramme of vocal and Instrumental
music.
Pacific Parlor, on the night of the
first Tuesday in October, gave the ini
tiatory work In a manner that was
highly commended by those who wit
nessed It, and it was declared that the
parlor has reason to feel proud of hav
ing President Dahl, Vice Presidents Al
len, Lillle and Gonzales and Past Pres
ident Locke on the team. "Patrick
Henry" Dam and "Statesman" Locke
have gone to St. Louis to do the
World's Fair. It 13 reported that when
the first named returns to this city a
bride will accompany him. This parlor
will have charge of the literary and
social entertainment December 2S.
The efforts of Grand Organizer
Mocker In Nevada City and Grass Val
ley will result In a large class Initia
tion for Hydraulic and Quartz Parlor
at Nevada City November 15- It is
expected that Grand First Vice Pres
ident Gallagher will be present.
The grand organizer expects to fh
stitute a parlor in Orland. Glenn
County.
Grand Second Vice President Wal
ter D. Wagner Is now officially visit
ing the parlor in his district, which is
in Alameda County.
A new parlor is being organized in
Pescadero, San Mateo County, by Dis
trict Deputy Grand President J. H.
Nash and J. A. Plecarpo.
Native Sons.
"To-day is a memorable one In tho
history of Arcata, for it is one from
which will spring the inspiration for
future improvements in forestry in
your midst. Arbor day has been cb
eerved in many places in our glorious
State through the efforts of the Na
tive Daughters and the Native Sons
of the Golden West. In many places
special trees have been planted in par
ticular places, such as parks and pub
lic roads, to inspire the 1 community
that something should be done to re
pair the waste that occurs in the for
ests in obeying the command of com
merce. Certainly, In this beautiful
county, where bo much of the forest
is utilized, there should be an organized
effort to Insure the planting of tree3
to replace those removed bo that the
ccunty may not be robbed of its great
industry and magnificent beauty.
"In many places the owners of vast
estates plant groves each year and
every few years after that have timber
that may be cut down to supply the
demand for firewood. By 'doing this
they not only do that which draws nec
essary moisture to the sun-parche-1
earth, but they obtain immense re
turns for the Investment. In Califor
nia we need a regular system of tree
planting in order to replace the for
ests that are laid low by the wood
man's ax and hold back the evil .of de
nuded hillsides, that nature may deck
them yearly with verdure and lloral
grandeur. While It is true that trees
absorb a great deal of moisture, it is
equally true that their spacious limbs
and foliage prevent the evaporation of
the waters and preserve them to us
for irrigation purposes- California and
Nevada are specially interested along
these lines and Congress has done
much for these two States in setting
aside large forest reserves in the high
Sierras. While all this has been done
we cannot forget the fact that tree
planting and the sowing of wild flower
seeds in California was initiated by
Junior Past Grand President Eliza D.
Keith and it is to her that we owe the
interest our order has taken in that
direction. All honor to those Native
Daughters who have beautified the
State in their particular sections by
tree planting and the development of
California's beautif'-' flowers.
"The tree we dedicate to-day is of
the variety known as pittosporum,"
6aid the grand president, and as she
took a Epade decorated with the colors
of the order and threw a shovelful of
earth over the roots of the tree she ad
ded: "I dedicate this tree in the name
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West to the city of Arcata and name it
Winona for the parlor under whose
auspices it is planted. May its shade
protect young and old from the sever
ity of the rays of the sun, and as calm
and sunshine crosses it may it so grow
that those who Eeek rest beneath Its
umbrageous foliage shall enjoy sun
shine and shade. This spade I now turn
over to the keeping of the president of
the improvement club and may it
prove an inspiration to future tree
planting in Arcata and vicinity, and
may this tree, as it grows, ever remind
all who shall look upon it of the earn
est efforts of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West to preserve to future
generations the beautiful forests of our
native land."
On behalf of the city of Arcata the
president of the club accepted the tree
and save assurance that it shall ever
be guarded with Jealous care in remem
brance of Grand President Ella E.
Caminetti and of Winona Parlor, N. D.
G. W.
On the third Saturday in October the
grand president, grand secretary and
other grand officers paid an official visit
to Alta Parlor and were well received.
There was an evening of work of the
order and talks that were for the good
of the organization and explanatory of
the Caminetti death benefit fund. Dur
ing the evening the grand president
was presented a large bunch of flowers,
with the best wishes of the parlor.
On October 17 the grand president
and the grand secretary, accompanied
by Past Grand Presidents Baker and
Keith. Grand Trustee Lacy, District
Deputy Grand Presidents Dolly Brad
ley and Agnes Troy and many mem
bers of the order who have attained
more or Ices prominenr*. paid an offi
cial visit to Fremont Parlor, in this
city, and were received ' in a manner
that was as sincere as it was gener
ous. The officers of the parlor gave an
exemplification of the work which for
precision and effectiveness in delivery
has never been surpassed In any sub
ordinate. "In fact," said one who wit
nessed the work, "I never before had
an idea that our ritual was so beauti
ful." After the work of the evening
each of the officers named had some
thing to say under good for the order
and then the grand president was pre
sented, as a souvenir of the occasion, a
costly crystal berry dish, with the best
wishes of the parlor. At the close of
the meeting a fine collation was served.
The grand president had a very
pleasant visit last Tuesday night to
Ramojia Council at Martinez. Among
the prominent members present were
Dr. Mariana Bertola. a past grand
president, a member of that
parlor. and A. D. Lander.
At Arcata the grand president as
sisted Winona Parlor in planting a
trr« in the public square and dedi
cated it in the name of the 'order. In
doing bo she said:
entertained and shown the wonders of
Humboldt County and its vast re
sources, but each was given beautiful
souvenirs of the land of the redwoods.
mental and vocal music, recitations,
fancy dancing and specialties, con
tributed by Cecil von Seiberlich, Davis
Gould, Gladys Bernard, Miss Tryphena
Prltchard. Jessie McKenna. Annie Mc-
Carthy, C. E. Ker of California Coun
cil, N. U.; Ethel Cox. Martha Davis.
Sophie and Gordon Osborn. Carl
Krone, Mrs. A. M. Ayers and Miss
Hazel Richards. After the programme
there was dancing for two hours, dur
ing which there was a number called
the "dove lancers," when doves wera
sent out of cages to fly over the room.
The committee that had charge of this
function was Mrs. M. E. Salmond, Nel
lie Havey, Dr. Atkins, Mr. and Mrs.
Ross, Ed Dillon, Mrs. Crawford, Mrs.
Phillips. Mrs. Perkins. Miss Rosa Eb
betts, M. Ichatz.
Grand President Ella E. Camlnettl
uf the Native Daughters of the Golden
West and Grand Secretary Laura J.
Frakes hare returned from their tour
of official visits to the parlors in Hum
boldt County- Upon that trip they
i isited Occident Parlor at Eureka, One
onta at Ferndale, Heichling at Fortuna,
Biue Lake at Blue Lake and Winona at
A.rcata_ The membership of each par
lor in that county manifested an enthu
siasm that is seldom witnessed in sub
ordinates of the order and each parlor
did all it could to make the visiting
officials appreciate the fact that they
were truly •welcome. "The loyalty of
the members and their kindness makes
one feel," said the grand president,
"that It is a pleasure to be at the head
of such a body of women." During
iheir visit the officials were not only
grand trustee. After an exempli
fication of the work, which. was well
presented, there were addresses by the
visiting officers and by Dr. /Bertola,
Grand Trustee Lander, as /well as
members of the parlor. A banquet fol
lowed the close of the parlor."
The president was with Pine Bun-
Parlor at Colfax on the 19th, on the
2<»th- she visited Manzanita Parlor -at
Grass Valley, on the 21st Laurel Par
ior at Nevada City and on the 22d was
with Columbia Parlor at Fre"nch-Cor
ral. On the 24th she will visit Sierra
Parlor at Dutch Flat, 25th Imogene at
Sierraville. 27th Golden Bar at Sierra
City and 28th the parjor at ' Dowriie
ville
The visit of La Vespero Parlor to the
Almshouse for the purpose of enter-,
talning the inmates of that institution
on the third Sunday in October with a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, OCTOBER 2S, 1904.
dress on the Union," by Helen Bello;
singing of "Yankee Doodle" in German
dialect, Annie Bello, and "The Red,
White and Blue," sung by the parlor.
A feature of the entertainment to be
given by the members of La Vespero
Parior In the Almshouse to-day for the
pleasure of the. inmates will be an ex
hibition ' drill by Company A of the
parlor. Captain .Mae O'Connor com
manding. There will be a' pleasing pro
gramme of music, songs and recitations
in addition. 8P9
Upon the suggestion of Leah Wil
liams of Sans Souci Parlor steps are
being taken to organize an association
of past presidents of the parlor. A pre
liminary meeting for the purpose of
effecting such an organization was held
last week and the matter fully dis
cussed.
Buena Vista Parlor observed flag
creasing the membership In that sec
tion of the country.
The general deputy and the Senators
also visit Mission and* Pacific councils
in this city last -week.
There was a visit to tho council In
San Jose October 19, when there was a
rousing meeting.
General Deputy "Wilson Is still visit
ing the councils of the order and ask
ing the members why each one has not
got "that man" he promised.
The entertainment and dove party of
Columbia Assembly, Ladles of th»
National Union, in the banquet hall
of the Native Sons' building on the
second Thursday In October, r was well
attended and was a most enjoyable
function. Mrs. M. E. Salmond was the
chairman of the evening and under
her direction there was presented a
very Interesting programme of lnstru-
18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMCOMEDIAN NOW DELIGHTING. LOCAL AUDIENCES.
"Say, mister," he said, "It's a little
early to roast your show, ain't It?"—
Harper's Weekly.
A storehouse near Boston, which con
tained all the scenery for Henry WT
Savage's forthcoming production of
"Parsifal" in English, caught fire a few
days ago, but, fortunately, the costly
scenery was saved. While Walter Bur
bridge, general scenic artist for Mr.
Savage, was watching the firemen fight
the flames, a small urchin pulled Mr.
Burbridge's coat.
A Premature Roast.
Perhaps the strangest use to which
music can be put is to stop the flow
of blood from a wound. An army doc
tor noticed that when a wounded sol
dier was taken to within easy hearing
distance of music hemorrhage was
greatly reduced or stopped. Neither he
rior others, who confirmed his obser
vations, could understand how this
phenomenon was brought about, but
it Is now believed that the vibration
of the air produced by the music causes
the patient to become faint, In which
case the action of the heart is so con
siderably lessened that the overflow
of blood is reduced. — Indianapolis
News. -9B|E
Mnslc for Wounds.
• Canenasso has a new.', "note," •'•* In
tone 1 color. ,'!The Lone Oak,"; near Tib-
from his studio over the bay, but the
metropolis called. This living together
of the artists in one building, or one
neighborhood/is Just the thing to
bring about a spirit of camaraderie
so prolific of high endeavor. In Paris,
and to a lesser degree in New York, this
comradeship among artists is one of the
dearest treasures of memory, for
friendships thus rooted in a common
soil bring out what is best in men and
refine that which is gross.
• • •
, Douglas Tilden's statue to commemo
rate the homecoming* of the California
volunteers is assuming shape.*
On Friday the committee charged
with the matter Inspected the model,
reporting much gratification at Its
power, and virility. Of this committee
Mr.. Phelan is chairman.
Miss Isabelle C. Percy, daughter of
Georg« C. Percy, has opened a studio
at 318 Post street. With her is Miss
Nellie Pearl, the clever young
sculptress.'
'.--'. • • •
Lucky Martinez! Lucky chap^to be
- driven back to his ' art- world, where" he
'.belongs.*' One of the cleverest men" who
ever? came out 1 of Hopkins ,1s ¦thissame;
Martinez— an artist, a philosopher,*: and
later 'a favorite pupil of Jerome in.
Pari3. Good ¦ Mr. Martinez, 'disciple of'
theVmystic and- high priest of idealism;;
forsake not again your art for gold.
; It f ls but a mirage, and not for artists
such as you."
.' . -~ :'. ;: • • • • . . -
': H. ; P. Latimer — busy Latimer — has
abandoned his redwoods for a time and
I brought home' with tym -many sketches
i In* the Sierras. The vicinity of '.Guerne-'
vllle and Summit, near Tahoe, are here
• to % be viewed by sea-level dwellers.
Several of * these twill ; go to the fall an
nual exhibition at Hopkins. - /
The exhibition of Madame B. de
The Century Club is doing valiant
service in the promotion of apprecia
tion of art.
On Wednesday the club exhibited
some pictures of the famous Rodan,
likewise some work of local folk, not
ably Cadenasso. And speaking of
Cadenasso, Paul Elder is showing some
of his latest work, some mystic twi
light studies, with a grayish, misty at
mosphere. This mysticism bears th«
same relation to art that suggestion
does to, literature, and appeals only to
him who hath been blessed with imag
ery. But why discuss him who lacks
Imagination when art's the topic—^-he
v/ho is barren of that greatest gift of
the gods must forever, remain without
the realm of art, all of which is strong
ly reminiscent of the story of Carlyle
and the lad, to wit:
The youth of artistic mind was vis
iting with the famous Scot at a sum
mer home outside of London whose
gardens were famous for their beauty.
Through the grounds coursed a gur
gling streamlet,: widening into a lake,
upon whose surface "water lilies
bloomed. ; "Oh," exclaimed the youth,
in artistic, ecstacy, "what a beautiful
lake! Look," said he, "at those love
ly,lily-pads."
'; .With disdain, ; Carlyle looked at the
lake, and then at the youth, and ex
claimed bitterly:,! "Dinria ye see the
dead dog, In it ?". 'j..
)¦[ Andithus it Is with pictures. There
are loads of ' Carlyles who are such
realists that idealism is submerged in
fact— which , is in^ truth one- 'of the
tragedies of the soul.
uron, shows a fine mingling of '¦ gold
and purple, as the fading sun bestows
hjs last rays on tree and under
brush. A slim string of a cloud bears
a tinge of pink that stands out against
the emblazoned sky. Below Is a pur
ple gloom. V
In the same building are many other
interpreters of nature, % notably Sydney
J.iYard.lthe^cleyer water, colorist. jUntll
recently Mr.* Yard held : with the
fragrant -'fields and moss-hung: oaks
• • - . •
His latest work— and he's a busy lad
has been done ', in and around Monterey.
Chinatown and the gray sand dunes are
among these * portrayals, among ¦ which
the most attractive to. my untutored
eye is a sand dune by the water's edge,
at : eventide, with a ¦ purple glow re
flected on the sand from the dying sun.
Over the gray waste is a pink, green
and purple splash of blossoms— a pretty
potpourri ¦ of color. Gladness is a note
of all Neilson's work. THis clever
young colorist has his studio at 420
Montgomery .street,' and/ like others of
his fellows, Is "at home" on Saturday
afternoons.
• Neilson's Mexican scenes are varied
In character, and rather more ambitious
than his earlier old: Mission sketches.
They all are " exquisitely colored and
idealized In treatment.
Then there's C. P.' Neilson at work
upon beautiful bits of the Old Mis
sions—notably San Juan Bautista. with
Its vineclad buttresses, its famous old
doorway leading into the ruined
churchyard, ;its riotous garden with a
gaunt white, cross rising prophetically
from a gay flower bed.
It would seem that a Spanish renais
sance is .upon us. Here's Francis. Me-,
Comas at home with his scenes from
old Spain, but -it is said that his land
scapes do not differ • essentially ."from
his famous California studies. As a
matter of fact, old Spain is wonder
fully akin to new Spain— our own Cali
fornia—even as a child resembles the
mother that cradled it. And bo said
the brown-robed friars a full century
ago, as they wandered .over the hills
"and valleys of Alta California to plant
the cross and the ensign of the King.
wander at will through the gardens of
fair Granada.
'.Speaking of Wores' exhibit now .be
ing held at Claxton's, don't go; there
In a hurry. It will only madden you.
A pity that cymbals and senoritas and
cigaritos are not part of the setting!
It takes no absinthe frappe to trans
port oneself, to VThe Garden of Love"
in old Granada, with the castinets
tinkling from the moon-bathed bal
cony, and there to dream.
And that "Moonlight; in the Alham
bra" takes one gently by the hand
through the terraced : palace of kings,
where love-sprites splash In perfumed
fountains,' in the soft blue of anAnda
iusian night. See ; It, good friend." see
it, and- its sixty-two brothers-^sisters,
mayhap, because" of V their.-, exquisite
beauty. Until November . 17 we ; may
• -¦ • •
of, others.
And, by the way, just ask Xavier
Martinez what he thinks about it. He
can tell you a few interesting facts re
cently gleaned, and he tells them with
a few" fetching embellishments. Just
ask him. . *
True, that is pretty bad, but It at
least carries no sting with it, and there
fore is beyond the realm of villainy.
But It's the man \vho6e soul isn't ble
enough to admit the sunlight of un
derstanding that should, through 'the
law of good usage, be made to hold
his peace— because, forsooth, he pol
lutes the air and disrupts the pleasure
All the "knockers" In San Francisco
were not bred in art exhibits, but all
art exhibits do breed "knockers." If
you don't believe it, just drop in at any
of the art exhibits now on— say Wores',
or Dixon's, or Hansen's — and prick up
your ears. If you happen to be on
good terms with the principles of art,
and in sympathy with its emotions,
you'll gather a valuable collection of
fool statements— uttered mostly by
men, not women, this time, thank
heaven, for women in matters of art
are given rather to indiscriminate
praise than to indiscriminate condem
nation. ' "
ONE OF C. P. NEILSON'S OLD MISSION BITS.
THE "KNOCKER" IN EVIDENCE AT LOCAL ART EXHIBITS
Areales' and Madame J. de Junosza's
pictures at Philomath Hall on Mon
day and Tuesday was a success.
The following Velazquez copies of
Madame Areales received much at
tention from the visiting connoisseurs:
"Infante Baltasar Carlos," "Las
Menlnas," "Las Hllanderas" (The Tap
estry Weavers).'
Among Madame J. de Junosxa's best
work is a copy of Leonat^o da Vinci's
"Jlona Lisa" or "Joconda"'or "La Glo
conda," the wife of Francesco del Gio
condo, one of the few undoubted pic
tures of Leonardo da Vinci, and one of
the greatest portraits the world pos
sesses.
These charming foreigners' have
their studio at 619 Van Ness avenue,
where they will remain through the
winter.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
Let it • not be forgotten that Wen
zel Kopta's violin recital, of which I
gave the programme last Sunday, will
take place "at Lyric Hall this after-
WENZEL KOPTA'S
VIOLIN RECITAIi IS A
' NOTEWORTHY AFFAIR
man were funny up against thef.terrlble
Turk, a still smaller man would be fun*
riier. 'Twasn't. When I was the Jockey
and I took off my clothes it looked as
though I might have a ghost of a
chance against Mm. That was fun
genuine. There was some suspense. I
made up six times— getting paler and
paler and (seemingly) smaller and
smaller In the role."
"I'd like to' have seen it."
"Wish you had," said Mr. Powers
cordially. "But what has helped me
most, I think, is being able to write a
little. I write most of my lines and
almost all of my songs."
"And invent all of your lousiness — "
. "Heap much," Mr. Powers put it, in
glib Li fashion.
"And the dances?"
"I learned to dance in an English
ballet school," he Informed me. "Had
nothing to do for a while,; so I
studied."
And that has been it all through.
The Powers is the genius for Infinite
painstaking, and I thought as I
watched the automaton dance he went
eft" to do then with Margaret Mc-
KInney — -aji epic bit of grotesquerle —
that It was good enough for most
of ,us.
LOCAL PLAYHOUSES,
OFFER ATTRACTIONS
OF GREAT VARIETY
: - ' . I-'. ' .
"San Toy" begins only its second
(and last) week »at the Columbia to
morrow evening, .but there are those
who have seen it already a matter of
three or four times. I have myself. It
is, take it all round, the best made,
best acted, best dressed musical com
edy that has been seen here. If you
cannot enjoy "San Toy" as James T.
Powers, George Fortescue, Margaret
McKInney and their confreres give it,
you might as. well die. Earth Is not
your home. And there is a perform
ance to-night, next Sunday night and
Wednesday matinee as extra oppor
tunities.
"Glittering Gloria" follows.
• ¦!• '-¦- • V' '• ¦-:,
' To-morrow evening the Majestic of
fers the flower of its people and the
cream of the Oliver Morosco stock com
pany in Esmond's "When We Were
Twenty-one." Every one will be glad
to renew acquaintance with Miss
Amelia Gardner's charming Phyllis
and Harry Mestayer*s clever Imp, not
to speak of the rest. * •
Henry V. Esmond also holds the Al
cazar boards this week with his charm
ing and clever comedy, "The Wilder
ness."
'¦¦"-. •' ,''i • ;•;¦,¦ • \''.'
"Fritz and Snitz," a melange of
merry musical nonsense, will be In
troduced to the California to-night by
Mason and Mason, the popular German
comedians. ; ;
The fine production of "Der Rastel
binder" at the Tlvoll is meeting with
the heartiest appreciation.
• • •
The Grand Opera-house continues the
production of "Arizona," which Is seen
here for the first time at popular prices.'
• • •
Fischer's knocks off a week or two
for repairs and will afterward reopen
with a new series of musical farces to
be announced later.
¦ "Paul Kauvar" knocks out Jeffries
to-morrow evening at the Central. The
piece is always a favorite.
The Dumond Parisian Minstrels, great
favorites here, jj will reappear at the
Orpheum this week.
•I • •
The current Chutes bill contains five
new acts, with Frank Stafford and
Marie Stone in their sketch, "The Hun
ter's Game," as leaders.
larged. "Any one can make you cry
child stealing a loaf for the blind
mother, and the rest, but it's work to be
funny. And the difficulty is not to ex
aggerate. Take 'The Circus Girl.' In
that, you remember, a small jockey is,
called upon to fight a .huge, strong man.
Now, in one cast they had a very small
jockey, on the principle that if a small
"heavy" with beer checks, with which
Mr. Aberley, who kept a saloon as well
as a theater, used partly to discharge
his obligations to his actors. After
ward the comedian .' did .everything,
dancing turns, Irishmen, 'Dutchmen,
Frenchmen, all sorts of characters,
ending up with the musical comedy
kind of thing in which he has found
so much distinction— for that is ex
actly what J^ames T. Powers has
found.
They wanted him here on the stage
and I went into the wing3 to watch
him. It is when Li comes into the
Emperor's palace with Yen How's mes
sage. The messenger finds himself in
hot water and tries to escape. And
oh, the deftness of it all, the clean,
sure, workmanlike touch of it. Not a
stroke too much in the picture, not a
blur or a blot in the line. And the
shading, as delicate and subtle as a
bit of CoQuelin comedy.
"I think I've found out just what
makes you, you," I said as the com
edian came oft.
"They all seem to speak of that," he
said, "well?"
"You take the funny thing serious
ly," I hazarded.
"Perhaps that's It," eaid Mr. Powers.
"Thank you. . I do. I really work
awfully hard. And as to taking it seri
ously—well, take that last scene. LI is
frightened. But I could get bigger
laughs by making him in a bigger funk,
exaggerating, with horseplay. But
that Is not what I want. I try to act
the part as much as possible — "
"Ah, it's the difference between bur
lesque and comedy — "
"Precisely," he nodded. "And as I
said, I've really worked very hard with
the part— with everything. Would you
think it took me just one week to find
out how to fix this queue for the Irish
policeman I do? Fact. You see"—illus
trating—"this way it slipped, that way
it slipped, - v and this way doesn't look
like anything. But this" — and Mr.
Powers turned swiftly aside, then look
ed back at me the London bobby, Irish
last pore of him, Chinese queue, suit
to the last pore of him, in spite of the
Chinese queue, suit and all.
"It Isn't easy to be funny," he en-
"Mrs. Powers is also an actress?" I
asked, following her husband's admir
ing glance after her.
"Yes, indeed." Mr. Powers replied.
¦with no attempt to conceal his pride.
"Mrs. Powers has been with me in
many of my productions, but she has
-lately been quite 111."
Something else he said here, but I
was by then in the thick of the won
derful Li make-up. You will remem
ber it. The strongest opera glasses
had failed to betray its mysteries. I
knew well Mr. Powers' own round
«yed, flexible-lipped countenance.
How he had so slanted the Li eyes,
that dip cunningly into the nose and
lift slyly to the temples, I could only
guess. It was hardly easier to dis
cover close to. Even there they looked
as though the comedian had slit them
up with a knife.
"How did you do it" I asked, lean-
Ing forward to examine the picture.
"Mustn't look so close." the artist
advised. "I'm made up for that dis
tance," nodding at the mirror some
five feet away.
But I had time to take In the
weird, slick artistry of the thing—
the clever white streak that cuts off
the upper corner of the eye, the ver
milion triangle that dips It into the
nose, the sharp, sure line that lifts
it into the temple, the eloquent
orientalism of the eyebrow, and even
cleverer, perhaps, the throwing up of
the cheekbone and the like by means
of light and shade used as the painter
uses them, the whole as good a bit
of walking ivory as ever called "las
bellies."
"You did not learn to do that in a
day.," I remarked.
"I did not," Mr. Powers acknowl
edged, rising to pull out the newspa
pers that stuffed his trousers. "These
are things I'm supposed to have
stolen." he laughed, "and will you per
mit me?"
His wig came off with that— I'm not
going to tell what was or was not un
der it— and Mr. Powers began to tell
me that he was "just frightened to
death to come to San Francisco. It
was as bad as going to China, I was
really frightened out of my life on
Monday night, but you have all been
eo good to. me I can't be so bad. But
to come where thera are Lis in every
kitchen "
"You would get 540 a month on your
Quite freauently there is better fun
going than interviewing. You don't
need any better, however, when there
is a James T. Powers at the other end
of the talk. It was only my third visit
to "San Toy" — perhaps because it was
only the third performance — when I
met Mr. Powers face to make-uo. It
"was behind scenes at the Wednesday
matinee, in the star dressing room at
ithe Columbia Theater. He was on the
stage trying to hide a striking alarm
clock that LI had filched, when I ar
rived, and shortly afterward sailed
Into the boudoir.
But this was after I had made the
ftCQualntar.ee of little Mrs. Powers,
gentle, brown-eyed, brown-haired and
appealir.srly wistfuL Mrs. Powers had
arrived the afternoon before, after an
adventurous journey from New York,
beset by all sorts of Pullman dragons
and harpies. They had put her in
a tourist car after making her miss
her own section of the train. They
bad — well, every one knows the little
%rays of the Pullman conductor. I be
lieve it is on the Powers cards to enter
a. very practical protest. Which Is
neither here nor there, however.
But Mrs. Powers would go. when
Mr. Powers walked in. and I think I
•was Quite half as sorry to see her
leave as the charming little lady's lord.
James' after career at Jack Aber
ley's Theater in New York must have
been lively. He was leading man at
eighteen with love to make to a lead
ing lady of fifty. There was a leading
"heavy" named Brannigan that could
say "liar!" "louder than- even For
rest," and when there wasn't any
"liar!" to say he would insert it. For
tumbling a bucketful of wet paper
from the files on Mr. Brannigan's face
as he came up from a trap door, young
Powers was "sent home to mother."
He made it straight with the injured
He got up then to put on his wig,
binding the mimic and the real flesh
with the slick, rapid movement that
distinguishes him, and added: .. "But
that wasn't the worst. It was as a
messenger boy that I almost bruk
mother's heart. I lasted three hours at
that. They sent me with a dispatch
to a man named Andrews on Wall
street. But I got interested on the way
teaching fancy steps to three or four
other boys and forgot. Then I asked
a fellow who'd been watching us
dance: 'Which is Andrews' office?'
'I'm Andrews," he said, 'why?' 'I've
a dispatch for him,' I said. 'You — '
well it doesn't matter what he called
me. but I'd lost him $5000. I was dis
charged."
"You know," he went on, confiden
tially pathetic, "they did apprentice me
to a groceryman. I had a long run
there — almost a week. I ate ten pounds
of sugar during the first three days and
was nearly drowned in molasses. Fact,
oh, yes! You know I was trying a
back flip down In the cellar while the
molasses can was filling. The celling
somehow came down and whacked me
on the head and I went insensible. The
molasses was up to my chin when they
found me."
face in any of them," I testified. "But
how did you study the thing out?"
"I* began" — Mr. Powers began, but
caught up with that thin, irresistible
Chinese chuckle that fits the Li like his
queue — "I began by trying to pump a
Chinese laundryman that used to wash
for us for the dialect. 'Collars all leddy
plitty soon, John?* I asked him. 'Tour
collars will probably be ready by
Thursday, as usual, Mr. Powers,' he
said. I gave it up then. But I was al
most crazy when Daly asked me to
play a Chinaman at first. 'I can't,' I
said. 'Yes, you cart/ he said. And I
knew he knew. Daly always knew."
"Daly always knew," was the key of
the little eulogy that followed. Four
years with him Mr. Powers had,
years of inspiration and encourage
ment. One characteristic of this clev
erest of managers he enlarged upon,
his habit <of leaving the actor, as far as
possible, free to follow out his own
ideas. "But he was born for the thea
ter," hie concluded, "never happy only
in the smell and hurry of it. I used to
try to get him out on fine days, but,, he
would take the limelight Instead of tha
sunlight every time."
"It strikes me that you, too, were
born for the theater, Mr. Powers."
"Never wanted to do anything else,"
the comedian confessed, "though I did
try-"
I wish I could set down the drollery
of his chuckle as he said it, the fun
lurking in the corners of his big, ex
pressive mouth. He put up a delight
fully silly finger to his chin to con
tinue: "You know mamma did not ob
ject to my going on the stage. In fact,
she druv me to it. I suppose she
thought it would be cheaper. I used
to use up the furniture for props, and
mamma's gowns for costumes. My first
whiskers, too, were made of mother's
hair— 'whiskers made of mother's hair'
— good song?" — and, oh, the irresistible
drawl of him!
Maurice Arnold, a pupil of Anton
Dvorak, and the author of several
characteristically American composi
tions, is coming to San Francisco to
spend the winter. Whether or not Mr.
Arnold designs to crystallize : Cali
fornia in a symphony is not known.
His work so far has bee* upon the
lines of Dvorak's "New World" sym
phony, and It is said that it was to
Mr. Arnold that Dvorak owed the Idea
of developing therein the characteris
tic negro themes. The Arnold "Plan
tation Dances" have received wide and
honorable recognition both here and in
Europe.
« • •
Little Enid Brandt, the pianist, la
shortly to be heard from again; she
will give a recital in Stelnway Hall on
the evening of November 3. The young
lady presents the following very grown
up programme, and her mother, who
still directs her* studies, assures me
that the child's capacities are at the
programme's level:
Concerto, G minor Saint- Saens
(All three movements.)
Variation*. F minor Haydn
(a) "Warum " and "Traumerel." (b) "Des
Abctda," (c) "Romanie," F sharp
minor •?•• Schumann
(a) "Etude." op. 10, No. 5 Chopin
(b) "Theme and variations," (c) "The
Nut Cracker" Enid Brandt
(d) "Fruhlingrsrauschen" Slnd!n«c
"Polonaise." K major Liszt
noon. It will be notable In addition to
the Kopta fiddling for the debut of
Miss Maude Hohraann, a Callfornlan
girl who has recently returned here
after ¦ a Ions course of study In tha
East. Miss Hohmann is a soprano.
( and will sing "My Heart at Thy
Sweet Voice" (Satnt-Saens). "Summer"
(Chaminade) " and "Spring" (Oscar
Well). Gyula Ormay accompanies.
•• • •
-Following Is the programme of the
farewell concert of the Sousa band ait
the Alhambra Theater to-night. It con
tains the new Sousa march. "Jack
Tar." and the new waltz for cornet by
Herbert Clarke, both dashing num
bers. There will also be a matinee con
cert this afternoon, and all good band
lovers will doubtless Improve the op
portunity. The band Is In fine fettle
this year.
Symphonio po«m, "1*9 Preludea" LI? it
Cornet sojn,, "Valsa Brtllante" Claris*
Herbert L. Clarke.
Suit*. "In Foreign Lands" Moszkowskt
(Spain. Germany, Hungary.
Valse for soprano. "MlreiHe" Gounod
Miss Estell* Uebllne.) -.
Prelud* to "Parsifal" Wagner
INTERMISSION 1 .
. "8econd Rhapsody" Liszt
(a) "The Flatterer" (new) Chamtnad*
<b) March. "Jack Tar" Sousa
Violin f olo, "Czardas" Hubay
Miss Jessie Straus.
Alra from "El Capltan" Sousa
The Dolmetsch company Is really to
be here In the spring, and delightful
things may be expected from It. In
bringing these people, whose entertain
ment must needs prove caviare to the
general public. Will Greenbaum. who
manages them, proves himself once
again the true Impresario. Mr. Green
baum has no great faith In the finan
cial drawing power of the little com
pany — their art Is too exclusive to ap
peal to the multitudes, but for fun and
love of music he brings them for us to
hear. I think he will be mistaken as
to the attractive power of the recitals.
Their educational value and quaint
beauty will Insure at least 'the attend
ance of all the musicians hereabouts,
and the novelty of the entertainment
will certainly bring another large con
tingent. But an* I prove false prophet,
I know I shall see Mr. Green
baum sitting at the back of the house,
beaming over "The Carman's Whistle"
on the virginals, or an Ariosto sonata
for the viola d'amore, Just as though
there had been hundreds of people
turned away. That Is where your true
impresario comes In, and In WiU
Greenbaum we have one of the best.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, ; OCTOEER \ 23, 1905.
19
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKdressing. But for that matter, so, too,
is her mother, also a handsome woman
—Mrs. E. J. de Sabla.
Miss Russell usually affects light
colors., by .which she emphasizes her
own fair coloring.
• •' *
After. the dinner the dance will be on
In the jinks room, where the young
folk will make merry until the wee
8ma" hours.
• ¦ • ¦ •
• On the 29th James»D. Phelan will be
the honored guest at the Bohemian
Club jinks. . ¦••.-• -
What rare good fun these clever fel
lows have within the wails of their
clubrooms! And so, zealously do they
guard their : witticisms, : one might sus
pect\them wicked— If one didn't know
the nien.
However, a little percolates occasion
ally from the lake of mirth, and -that
Is .a welcome bit of wit, because' 'tis
forbid us. With satiety, perhaps, we
wouldn't" care a fig.' .' . •
• '; .-"• * ';.•:? ¦¦:'• ¦ "•;";¦'
,-WhaV debutante has , fairer future
than pretty. Miss Elsa Draper, who" will
be presented to society, on Tuesday, the
first," at a . dinner ) dance at ' the Bohe
mian Club ?. , Lucky maid !
-: - •yw>; -';-> i '•
• What a- lot the . tabby-cats don't
'. Tuesday, November 1, Mrs.
George Rodman Shreve will entertain
at a large bridge party to be given at
Century Hall.
'• • - • •
The "Saturday Evening" dances at
Cotillon Hall will again fill the hearts
of the debutantes with joy. Since the
Fortnightlies are supposedly defunct
the "Saturday Evening" affairs will.as
sume a new Importance ; this winter.
The dates set are November
19, assembly; Saturday, December 10,
gerraan; Saturday,' January 21, assem
bly; Saturday, February 18/ german;
Saturday, April 29, assembly. The pa
tronesses are: Mrs. Louis Flndlay
Monteagle, Mrs. Wakefteld Baker, Mrs.
George F. Ashton, Mrs. James Potter
Langhorne and Mrs. . George Allen
Moore. . . , . . ,
.' • . • ¦ • ¦
— '¦ i •
Pretty Miss Marjorle Josselyn . will
be formally .presented to '', the '.'smart set
on November. 5 at a large tea to be
given" by her : /mother, Charles/
Josselyn. My! ,What : a ravishing
bunch of buds we are to have this year.
Not- so many, as ;• last- winters-lucky,
malds-~and, so very' chic and pretty,:
.'Xis said tnere'a not a "dead one"
Mrs. Cullen, Miss May F. Foulkes and
Mrs. s Arthur Wallace.' - V :
TWO PROMINENT LOCAL CLUB WOMEN AND FAIR SOCIETY GIRL RECENTLY MARRIED.
many others on the Island are gladly
playing hostess to Mrs. Bacon and
her daughter. ,
• • -v
. . Mr. and Mrs. Timothy Hopkins axe
here, having closed their Menlo Park
home for the winter.
When Captain and Mrs. Charles Ba
ker leave here in December they will
bear in their company Miss Mabel Wat
kins, who expects to remain away some
months. The departure of all these
people Is a matter of regret to their
friends.
:¦>•¦. . • - ., «T_- -.- \
It is more than pleasant . to realize
that the serious trouble through which
Arthur B. Watson has passed Is rap-
Idly diminishing. For a tfme It seemed
that his hearing would be permanently
Injured, but he Is at home with his
brother, Douglas Watson, and rapidly
on the road to full recovery, li-.v*.
* - • '• • •
Miss Katherine Glass will probably
be wedded In the spring to Dr. Mun
son, who Is in the Philippines. Miss
Glass has just returned to her home In
Berkeley after a . year's visit In th«
Philippines, where she met her fiance.
•• • .• .
Miss Ursula Stone, niece of Mrs. Ls
L. Baker, will be entertained at the
Palace at a luncheon upon her aunt's
return from St. Louis.
• • • . .
From Malntz, Germany, word come*
that Mr. and Mrs. Horace Davis ara
having an ideal trip.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. James M. Green. Wash
ington. D. C. recently gav» a dinner
to Major and Mrs. Charles Krauthoff.
• . .• • »
To and fro go the sightseers. With
every outgoing train, bearing away
some of our elect, there 1* a correspond
ing Incoming one, bringing back
wanderers. Mrs. Otto Irving Wise I*
once more settled In her Vallejo-street
home and with her la her sister. Miss
Rosen thai. ¦'
j&MKraBafe*'* • '* .- -
Mrs. Thomas Selby and Miss Selby
are located on Washington street.
K£B * * *
Mr. and Mrs. Silas Palmer .left on
Thursday for the exposition city and
New Orleans. ', ¦.,-%'. r'
• '";•. • ¦_¦
Dr. and Mrs. Theodore C. Burnett
and Miss Marguerite Burnett have
apartments at the Plymouth 'for the
Mrs W. F. McCluns and Miss Gladys
McClung are contemplating spending
the winter away from San Francisco.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Frederick Home
of Annapolis are planning to entertala
Mrs. and Miss McClung, and the at
tractions surrounding; a gay naval
center are 'hardly to be withstood. San
Francisco will regret their absence
white* wishing for them all the pleasure
that will surely be then*.
Europe is a lodestar for many of
our. folk this winter. According to the
route planned by Mr. and Mrs. Jack
Wilson, many moons will rise awJ *•>•
before our "own United States" sees
them again. The automoblllng through
France and sunny Italy Is a tour by
Itself to be contemplated with deliffht:
and. added to that, all the splendors of
Egypt, with a Mediterranean voyage,
ther* Is llttla left for which the travel
er's heart could ask.*
• f • •;':*¦»:
Mr. and Mrs. Marvin R. Hlgrglns left
' on "Wednesday for a trip to St. Louis,
where - they will be entertained by
friends during their stay. Before re
turning to California. New York win ba
visited, and Salt Lake will hare them
as guests also for a few days on the
return Journey.
know! They all cried out, not many
moons ago, that the Twentieth Century
Musical Club would go to pieces on the
rocks. Well. It hasn't. And what's
more, it held one of the most success
ful concerts of the new season yester
day at Century Hall. . v ;
And such hats! Really, the ¦ milli
ners of this burg are public benefac
tors. They cultivate the taste of the
public by their artistry. Bills? Oh. per
haps; but beasts of hats cost money,
too.'
. / * • * „ ¦_• A - '
On November 1 Miss Elsie Postley
and Ross Ambler will be married In
New York. The ceremony will take
place at the Church of the Heavenly
Rest at 4 o'clock in the afternoon and
will be one of the smart affairs of the
winter. A reception will follow at the
Postley residence on Fifth avenue. The
•wedding is of interest to the San Fran
cisco smart set from the fact that Miss
Postley's brother/Sterling Postley,
married Misa. Ethel Cook of this city.
. : - "•'.'¦- ¦'• » : - -
The opening of the quail season has
sent a lot of the lovers of sport to Del
Monte. "Los Laurelles," the fishing
and hunting resort belonging to the ho
tel, is reached by a drive through the
beautiful Carmel Valley and coast
mountains, where there Is a great
abundance of game this season. Among
the first to take advantage of the good
shooting was John Lawson. With him
were Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Williamson.
Another hunting party was made up
of Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Goodwin and
Dr. C. L. Morgan. Mr. and Mrs. J.
W. P. Howard and son have also gona
down to Bpend a few days fishing; and
hunting. /
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dernham have
gone down In their auto. They are ac
companied by Miss Hecht and J.
Hecht. Among others of note who have
been at the Del Monte during the past
week are Lord Herbert Vane Tempest;
Anthony Drexel. the millionaire banker
of Philadelphia; Captain and Mrs. de
Chair of the British embassy at Wash
ington, H.-H. McClure.New York, and
O. D. Wheeler, a prominent railroad
man of St. Paul.
• • •.
On November 3. Miss Katherine Dil
lon becomes a bride. Her weddin*
will be an evening affair, and
picturesque l.ature in detail, as befits
a maid of Miss Dillon's personality and
wealth.
Her attendants will be: Miss Caro
line Fosgate, a winsome little maid of
honor; Miss Grace Sprockets, Miss
Ethel Moore, Miss Sara Collier, and
Miss Patricia Cosgmve, the brides
maids. SiH
Lucky Lieutenant ' Winshlp! And
there are those who rstort with
promptness, thrice lucky maid!
• * >
To Mrs. John D. Slbley, are the
ladies of the music section of the Cali
fornia Club Indebted for a rare day of
harmc-ny last week, und she will
aga/h present a high-class programme
on Friday, the 28th.
¦ ' ' • • • •'.'.:
Miss Helen Pettigrew has set the
date for her wedding to William Lem
on for Wednesday, November. 9.
It is supposed tjiat the affair will
be celebrated in church, as both the
maid and her lover are Catholics.' The
Callaghan home on Pacific avenue
would, however, make.a splendid set
ting for the nuptials.
*: A* "'*
Rev. Mr. Cuthbert, the fiance of
pretty Miss Maud . Simpson, arrived
from Japan ast Friday and la a guest;
. at the Simpson home on Vallejo street.
Miss Simpson and. Mr. Cuthbert. ex
pect to be married during the " latter
part of November. They will remain
in San Francisco for the holidays, sail
ing for the young minister's station In.
far away Kioto early in the new year.
• '. • •
Senator, ana Mrs. Joseph R. Know-
Mrs. William Lindsley 8pencer en
tertained at a small tea on Wednesday
In honor of Miss Mary Bonnell, who
will ' terminate her visit to the Spen
cers ; in a • few* weeks. Among those
present 'were: Mrs." Wren* Mrs. B«r
tody Wilder Stone. Miss EJIzabeth Cole,
Miss May e Colburn, Mrs.' Thomas Ben
ton Darragh, Mrs. Walter Scott Braan,
Miss Isabclle Kendall, the winsome
little Oakland maJd. who is to be wed
on November IS to William Lowden,
was the honored guest on Thursday
afterrocn at a card party given by
Miss Ruth Kales.
Among the winsome maids who were
bidden to do honor to the bride-elect
¦were: Miss Nbelle de Golia, Miss Mar
ian Walsh. Miss Mo-llie Mathes, Miss
Lillian Isaacs; Mies Irene Bangs, Miss
Carolyn Oliver, Miss Anita Oliver, Miss
Edith Beck, Miss Ada Kenna, Mrs. Irv
ing Burrell, Miss Bessie Reed, Miss
Helen Chase. Miss Rose Kales, M?ss
Ethel Sims. Miss Myrtle Sims, Mrs.
George Clark ' Davis, Miss Jessie Fox,
Miss Lucretia .Burnham, Miss Ethel
Crellin, Miss Letitia Barry, Miss Se
vllia Hayden. Miss Elsa Schilling, Miss
Elsie Everson, Miss May Coogan and
Miss Cordelia -Bishop.
" The - following ladies assisted the
hostesses:. Mrs. Louis F. Monteagle,
Mrs. Joseph Marshall. Flint, Mrs.,Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, Mrs. William R.
Wheeler/ Mrs. r "Henry B. Montague.
Mrs.' William A. Magee, MM. Alexan
der Baldwin, Mrs; A-:M. Grim, Mrs.
Julius •"¦. Weber, Mrs. Fairfax Wheelan
and* Miss Elsie Sherman. . ¦¦,.'.¦.
Accuse her not, ye scoffers, of flat
tery, when Sally, declares there were
more pretty women iii that crush Yes
terday than she has seen in many,
many 'moons. W Avi' ,"•
Quite the towering affair of the
week was the tea given by Mrs.
Charles Stetson Wheeler and Mrs.
Wheeler's sister, 'Jiics Marsh. The
beautiful new home was glad with the
bloom of autumn. Blossoms, blossoms
everywhere— everywhere 6ave where
they were displaced by hats — but were
noj these ns lovely, and with fair faces
beneath them?-
Unhappily Captain E. D. Taussig has
been detached from the Independence
at Mare Island. One of the most pop
ular.men at the island and one of the
most admirable of hosts, his depar
ture is greatly to be regretted. It is
not known what officer will relieve
Captain Taussig, but there is' a rumor
in naval circles to the effect that
Commander V. L. Cottma-n will be the
officer named. Mrs. Cottman Is a Cal
ifornian. and both she and Command
er Cottman have many friends on this
coast.
A pretty picture was Angel Island
on Tuesday night— a Whistltr picture,
with its dark shadows and peeping
lights rising out of the glistening,
shimmery bay. It" was hop night on
the island and a well laden boat bore
a burden of maids and matrons over
from this side. A. merry time? Why,
always, at Angel Island.
The wedding of Miss Rose Newman
and Max Blum was quite the biggest
affair that has taken place in the Con
cordia Club for many years. The father
of the fair bride, Simon Newman, Is
president of .the club and therefore the
club delighted to honor the maid.
A veritable forest of manzanlta had
been planted In the broad vestibule and
in the corridors of the first and second
floors. The wedding bower was a floral
symphony in white and green, in a
setting of green— no prettier spot to
plight love's promise could be conjured
up-
Both great floors were in floral at
tire, through which 150 guests wander
ed at will. This wedding feast will go
down in the club annals as the "fea
ture" of the year.
The Selfridge-Kellond wedding was
celebrated quietly, with music and
flowers and a few friends as acces
sories to the culmination of a pretty
love affair.
Long will the vision linger in the
memory of the guests who saw her
leaving the altar upon the arm of the
man she loved.
an maid, and fairer than ever was she
in her nuptial robes.
The Sbarboro-Musto nuptials were
extended by all the elegance of a court
\t edding. Few ceremonies have been
celebrated In the city with such ex
quisite elaboration. True, the rich gar
dens of Asti -cave forth their .fairest
blossoms for the daughter of the house;
the vine clad hills their purpling' grapes
and twirling tendrils; the canyons their
stalwart brakes 'and fragile ferns!'.
A beautiful bride was this fair Itali-
Then in St. Louis a fascinating San
Francisco maid, Miss Adah Howell,
Joined fortunes with a rich young cot
ton planter of Mississippi, Charles Wil
liamB, thus cutting off forever the
claim? nf the West upon as pretty a
maid as ever came out of It .
- Besides these, .the nuptlals'of Miss
Miriam Grant, daughter of Ulysses S.
Grnnt of San Diego, and Lieutenant
Clyeees S. Macy. U. S. JC., were a mat
rimonial feature of the week in New
York, and not without interest to San
Francisco, where the maid is well
known, as is her family.
Off in the coral reefs of Florida an
other Callfornian has pledged his life
and love to a maid — Engineer Wood
ruff, sen of General and Mrs. C. A.
Woodruff, who wedded a charming
army girl, Mies Daisy Hubbell, daugh
ter of Major J. Hubbell.
Wedding bells again! But 'tis
ever thus.
During the week Miss Katherine
Self ridge became the bride -of Lieu
tenant Frederick G. Kellond, Miss
Emily Brice Adams became Mrs. Hen
ry Cheever Bowman. Miss Romllda
Sharbcro rnve her hand and heart to
GuJdo Joseph M.usto, Miss lone Fore
v.as .wed to Eugene Hewlett. . Miss
lio«e Xev.man beca'me. Mrs. Max
I*!uin^rr.i!l local- brides.; and. mijjhty
pretty bride?, too. as becomes Califor
nia maids. •.:>.-..'
But shall it be bridge or poker?
Whichever it be, how long and how
much should it be flayed? Should
it be an object of existence, or merely
an incident of it? — tea-time topics for
unbury people.
To be sure, all devotees of cards
are not their slaves. To such as are
the shackles are ! welded fast, but to
these to whom "playing cards" is play
ing, thfn the spotted bits of card
board fulfill a pleasant mission. Then
It's lun. and erood fun.
What of the physician who's called
up betimes for a case of nerves and
palpitating heart and a frightened
husband? Ah! madam?, ask your
physician what he think? of daily
sessions nt bridge, or poker, or 500 —
sessions that know no recess save that
Interjected by a rude dinner hour, or
by the persistency of the sun rising
upon an unfinished game.
Now here is a vital question, aug
mented by the matter of gaming for
money. Npw, it's true that cards
without an incentive, as represented
in prizes — cash or merchantables — is
stupid and dull. But what of the ten
sity caused by the striving? What of
the pain of losing money that could
111 afford to be lost? Household
money, for instance? What of the
cent per cent man — and there are
women usurers, too — who feast and
grow fat upon the card-playing
women who have the unutterable
taste to play away money they can't
afford — and lose it.
As yet bridge holds sway in San
Francisco — but surely when 'tis bruit
<*d abroad that bridge is provincial. Its
popularity must wane. San Francisco
cannot afford to do anything that
savors of provincialism — no new com
munity—nor individual— can. How
ever, while the investigation commit
tee is seeking evidence for the con
demnation of bridge, the old favorite
¦will be played just as of old.
But the day of poker, with its
"kitty," its 'three of a kind" and Its
accidents with aces. Is at hand.
But whether it be bridge or poker,
what proportion of time, essentially
daytime, should be given to either?
And thus Is poker regnant over
boudoir tables, likewise over the li
brary fetes, where the festive game
sters speed the fleeting hours with
royal flushes, calling bluffs and va
rious other intensities that cause cash
to change pockets — and friends to
change opinions.
Bridge, or shall it be poker? Now
poker is the proper caper over In
London, where bridge is thought to
be quite provincial. While at one
tfme enjoying princely favor, it has,
like manv another royal favorite, been
relegated to desuetude. And bridge is
forced to soliloquize, with dethroned
beauties and statesmen, "Alas! for
the evanescence of princely honors!"
Mrs. ¦ A. W. Bacon and Miss Alic«
Bacon are guests of Mrs. Percival C.
Pope at Mare Island. Mlsa Bacon, who
as the fiancee of Tom Drlscoll Is belns
very widely feted by her friends, for
«he is a very popular maid, and al
though Mrs. Pope Is not entertaining
land of Alameda have been the guests
for a few days of Senator and Mrs.
Eelshaw at Antioch.
THE SAN F[R^NGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, : 1901.
among them. " . f ., ...
* • ;•'•?, ;.•'• ¦ ¦
". The first call to arms-^to 5 bare arms
and neck — conies from 'Ned Greenway,
who" ( on the 4th /celebrates his birthday
iktingly ; ; : by giving hjs : frlends a' famous
¦go*0d "dinner. And then the'dance is On.
¦The Friday Night dances will o'ertop
anything/social this winter, save per
haps some of the assembly dances.
At these functions MrB. Alfred
¦Hunter Voorhies 4 will still -be- one
of • the > leading spirits. . The others are
Mrs. • James Potter Langhorne, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Bowman H. Mc-
Calla, Mrs. William A. MoKittrick;
Mrs. : Willlam F. Herrin, Mrs. Francis,
J. Sullivan and;Mr& : John D. . Spreckels.
The dates set are Monday, .November
28; Tuesday, December 27,' and Monday,
February G.
As with the Greenway affairs, these
will be held at the old stand— the Pal
ace. ¦'/,
» - * •
• . Next Saturday -Miss Charlotte Rus
¦ Bell will give r her i heart : and hand to
Clement : Tobin, who will thus take
unto himself quite the loveliest bride
. of'ttae-;winter.'i&£^§B&P -•;: :-¦,-''.;'¦'¦
XI Coulfl ; artist paint fairer maid ? ¦ Her
yellow.; halo '> of hair] is matchless, Ilke
wiBftfher>skin and* eyes/J And'- besides,
sheUs-a- past < mistress, of • the- art • of.
20
BRIDGE OR POKER -WICH?Secretary Metcalf of the Depart
ment of Commerce and Labor has re-
Captain's Fine Reduced.
A British naturalist suggests that
the destruction of animal Ufa by
heavy rains has received too little at
tention. The mortality among insects
and all small animal*- is certainly very,
great.
CATALOGUES and CAR CARDS.— Gabriel
Printing Co. print anything. 419 Sacramento. •
Chief Clerk E. L. Kinnel of the
United States Immigration Bureau
will leave for St. Louis to-morrow to
assist in escorting back to this city
Chinese who have been taking part
as showmen and show women f n the
Chinese village. They are under bonds
to return to China.
Klnnel Goes East.
al, Company E; Corporal H. P. Mau,
Company F, to be sergeant, and Pri
vates N. J. Everett and W. Morganier
to be corporals.
duced from $500 to $15 the fine im
posed upon Captain A. Denis, master
of the French ship General de Negrler
for breaking customs seals on his car
go. The reduction was made on the
suggestion of United States Customs
Collector Stratton, who decided that
Captain Denis had had no intention
of defrauding the "revenue.
Bartender Sleeps, Thief Enters.
Charles Duane, bartender in John
Martin's saloon, , 835 Howard street,
dropped into a quiet slumber ( behind
the bar about' 3 o'clock yesterday
morning:. When he awoke a few, min
utes later he discovered that a thief
had rifled the ca$h = register of $13 S5.
Martin reported the theft' to the po-
The following nominations of of
ficers of the Caledonian Club ivere
made at a meeting in "Scottish Hall on
Friday night: Chief, D. D. McRae:
first chieftain, D. J. McFarland; sec
ond chieftain, F. F. Finlay; third'
chieftain, James H. Duncan; . fourth
chieftain, John W. Cameron; physi
cian. Dr. J. A. J. McDonald; directors,
R. McD. Murray, Neil Lindsay, Walter
Reed, Daniel McDougald and Charles
MacDonald; • Scottish Hall directors,
A. M. Macpherson, D. D. McRae.
Richard Gratto, James Gorie, John M.
Duncan, J. E. McFarlane and Charles
A. McPhee. Further nominations can
be made on November 4. arid the elec
tion will be held on November 18.
Caledonian ' Club Nominations.
When you begin to notice a man's
name in the financial columns of a
newspaper it is time to look for his
wife's name in the society columns.
On recommendation of the regi
mental examining board Private W. ; B.
Kyth; Company G, hag been promoted
sergeant, having attained 86 per cent.
Since, August 10, thirty-foiv enlist
ed men have been discharged from the
First Infantry, seventeen on account of
removal, eleven at expiration of term
of enlistment and five for the good of
the service or by reason of enlistment
in the regular army.
Major Filmer : has been detailed to
preside at 'an' election to be held In
the First Infantry for captain and first
lieutenant of Company B. ,
Major D. A. Smith has been ordered
to preside November 14 at an elec
tion in Company B, Fifth Infantry,
S&n Jose, for captain, first and second
lieutenants, -vice Incumbents whose
terms have expired.
/Seventy-three' men have- recently
been discharged from the Fifth In
fantry; ' fifty- two on account of i J re
moval, eleven at expiration of, term" of
enlistment, seven for good of the serv
ice and, one for, disability.
,v The ; following ' appointments have
been made in the Fifth'Infantry::Pri
vate G. W. Hassler, Company! B, to be
ccrpbral; ;Prlvate^T."/Kerrigan,^Com
pany; "D,'; v to . be -/sergeant; {Corporal
George V A. : Collamore ; to ' be "sergeant,
'Private F.: -Williams to. be
Private ; M. • Maguire to ' be 'V, corporal.'
Private" Olney G. Pedlgo i to be "corpbi>
There is a rumor in the National
Guard of California at this time in
regard to possible changes in several
of the organizations - before the close
of the year, and it is likely that many
who are now prominent in the gold
lace section of .the guard will 'allow
their names to appear on the ', retired
list. It is probable that during the
current week the names of those who
it is now thought will retire will be
made public.
The field, staff, non-commissioned
staff, band and sanitary corps of the
First Infantry have been ordered to
Shell Mound Park November 13 and
20 complete the annual target
sho'ot. •
Promotions and Appointments Pre
dicted in the First and Fifth
Infantry Regiments.
One of the funny things is to meet a
drug store drunkard who dcresn't know
that you know he drinks and who,
when full, tries to hide the fact.
RU3IOR OF MANY CHANGES
IN THE NATIONAL GUARD
Captain Berger of Hawaiian Govern
ment Band Consents to Direct
Oriental Melodies.
The visitors to Golden Gate Park to
day will be treated to a few selections
of genuine Japanese melodies, the first
to be rendered by Ihe park band dur
ing its existence. The music is to be
played under the special direction of
Captain Berger, a noted musician, who
has directed the Hawaiian Government
band for more than thirty years. Cap
tain Berger is in this city on a visit
and Paul Steindorff, leader of the park
band, extended him the courtesy of di
recting the Japanese music to-day. •
These Japanese melodies are said to
be of the sweetest strains and are
heard but little outside the empire of
the Mikado. Captain Berger is familiar
with the music, having conducted it
for many years while leader of the
Hawaiian band. One of the features
of the programme will be the national
Japanese anthem. Following is the
regular programme for to-day:
Part 1— March, "The Gladiator"
(Sousa); overture, "Poet and Peasant"
(Suppe); waltz, "Babes in Toyland"
(Victor Herbert); solo for flute (select
ed), Slgnor A. Lombardo;- Reminis
cences of Donizetti (Godfrey).
Part 2 — Overture, "Mignon" (Thom
es); three Hungarian dances (Brahms):
reverie, "The Roses' Honeymoon"
(Bratton); selection, "Dolly Varden"
(Edwards); International Congress
(Sousa); "America." i
JAPANESE MUSIC WILL
BE HEARD AT THE PARK
Those who fall to see Tosemtt« Valley tht«
month will raise the grandest of sights. The
early ralris increased the water volume so
that every fall thunders In renewed splendor,
and now the atmosphere has cleared so that
superb views may be had of the entire valley.
Reports say that th* view from Glacier Point
is wonderful. Travel, too, is ideal, the dust
having been laid on all the roads, the Wawona
stage road being particularly fine. The visit
to the Big Trees, made from Wawona, la more
than usually attractive, these greatest of all
the forest rlants seeming more regal after the
refreshing rains. Sleeping car service to Ray
mond; comfortable stages and good meals.
Fullest Information on all points connected
with a Tcsemlte trip cheerfully furnished at
Southern Pacific office. 613 Market street. •
Full Waterfalls, Clear Weather, Per
fect Roads Make This the
Time to Go.
Yorke & Company In their present
form. Wje commend to the Board of
Public Works a complete revision of
the system of supervision of the street
repairing work, both in the field and in
the office. We also advise that board
that the specifications alone must guide
a contractor with the city and that
legally and morally a rule that will
permit any official of the city govern
ment to violate those specifications in
his discretion, reasonable or arbitrary,
is unendurable."
Forty-one residents and property
owners filed a petition with the Su
pervisors yesterday to have electric
lights installed along Point Lobos ave
nue, between Thirty-fourth and For
tieth avenues. The petitioners say the
district is absolutely without lighting
find is being rapidly built up, there
l»e!ng: 100 houses already erected and
thirty in course of construction. The
residents are compelled at present to
travel with lanterns after dark.
Want Point Lobos Avenue Lighted.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
On the application of Gustavus H.
Liss, an Immigrant -from Batavla, to
be admitted to the United States, Im
migrant Inspector D. J. Griffiths has
reported unfavorably. - Liss is a sta-.
tlonary engineer and arrived on the
Korea September 12. He represented
that his uncle, a wealthy mine owner
of Cripple Creek, Colo., had written
to him to accept employment at that
place. He was denied a landing on
the ground that this made him a con
tract laborer. An appeal was taken to
Washington and the Dutch Embassy
forwarded affidavits to the Immigration
Bureau In this city in which the uncle
denied having written to the young
man offering him employment. As the
immigrant had taken oath to the con
trary the local bureau has again re
ported in favor of denying land-
Comes Here in Response to a Letter
From His Uncle Making Offer of
Employment.
DUTCH ENGINEER MUST
RETURN TO DATA VIA
"In closing we think it well to call
your attention to the peculiarly infor
mal nature of the award of the con
tract under which these bills are pre
sented. The contract was awarded to
F. M. Yorke & Company on July 14,
1904. Mr. Yorke testified that at that
time F. M. Yorke & Company was a
partnership, consisting of himself and
P. M. Gopcevich; that though no for
mal written articles of agreement had
been made between them they had an
oral understanding • for a partnership.
The bills are presented by F. M. Yorke
& Company, a corporation, which the
records show "was organized only on
July 29, 1904, or some two weeks after
the award of the contract.' Mr. Yorke
testified that all the stock in this com
pany was hejd by Gopcevich and him
self and that after the award of the
contract they proceeded to purchase
their plant. The Informality of per
mitting a corporation to perform work
under a contract awarded to a partner
ship is clear. This does not, however,
call for anything more than criticism
and a suggestion to the Board of Public
Works that a like informality will not
be permitted In the future.
"For the reasons given we have con
cluded not to allow these bills of F. M.
"No ;„ supervision is exercised either
over Boone's Inspection of the work or
over his computations thereof. He af
fixes' his O. K. to the- bills,', which he
makes' but' tfohVhia 'i/own'?' 'Unverified'
computations, and the other officials,
through whose, bands the bills pass,
affix their signatures thereto, relying
upon his signature. Comment upon
such a condition of affairs would be
idle. It is eloquent of inefficiency and
of opportunity for abuse and imposi
tion, without measure, upon the city.
"There is no law that permits a
practice of the kind and it is obvious
that an injustice has been done to the
city and to possible bidders, through
whose bids the city might profit, there
fore it is necessary for us to condemn
it out of hand as intolerable. If the
specifications of the contract da not
meet with precision the actual condi
tion of affairs, it is the duty, of. the
Board of Public. Works to reconstruct
those 'specifications so as to conform
with that condition. Obviously the city
is at the mercy of its officers and de
prived of the benefit of fearless com
petitlon'in bidding. .Injustice is dealt
out to It by the arbitrary exercise 'of
this discretion by the Inspector, acting
under instructions of higher officials,
that everything may work to. the profit
of the contractor. It is an absolutely
inconceivable and illogical rule even of
discretion that gives the contractor ad
ditional compensation for depth in ex
cess of the specifications and makes
no deduction from his charge iii favor
of the city for a surface of less depth
than that required by those specifica
tions. ? •
MANY SIGNATURES /USED.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday filed its report with the
board. It says that it has decided,
after a long and detailed investigation,
not to approve the August bills of the
F. M. Yorke Company for repairs to
bituminous streets. The bills were for
an aggregate amount of $6264 20. The
report goes into the evidence adduced
at the investigation, which the
committee concludes that the maxi
mum output of the kettles used by the
company for the month of August was
only sufficient to cover 81,000 square
feet of bituminous pavement, which, at
four cents per* square foot, the con
tract price, would amount to $3240,
whereas the bills were for. almost
double that amount. The report also dis
cusses the inadequacy of the Bupervl
sion of the work and the instructions
given to Inspector Boone by Commis
sioners Schmitz and ' Maestretti to be
reasonable in \ his computations as to
surface covered where the depth of the
bitumen exceeded 2& inches. The re
port savs:
Probationary methods were applied
yesterday by Judge Lawlor In the. case
of S. P. Wetzel, who was convicted on
one charge of burglary . arid pleaded
guilty to another charge. He has not
yet attained his majority. L. Y. Boyn
ton of the electrical department at the
Joshua Hendy Machine. Works offered
to give Wetzel employment and the
Judge suspended sentence till Novem
ber 18 and ordered him- released on
$1000 bonds in each' case. The boy's
father. Dr. J. F. "Wetzel, and his moth
er were made probationary . officers.
The defendant entered the room of
Frank Turner in the Plymouth" Hotel,
Bush and Jones streets, on May 5
and the room of A. Abrahamson, pro
prietor of the Richelieu Hotel,., on
May 9.
An attempt was also made before
Judge* Lawlor to obtain- probation for
Charles L. Daniels, convicted by a Jury
of felony embezzleme'nt. He is 24
years of age. His father, James M.
Daniels, a railway man from Texas, of
fered to provide, him with employ
ment Others testified as to his previ
ous good .character. The Judge said
the position of the defendant's father
was pitiful and If it were possible to
apply probationary methods in the
case he would do so. He thought the
action- of the Jury in bringing in a
verdict of jaruilty was entitled to the
highest commendation. The Jurors had
done their duty and he would not be
found wanting. He denounced the at
tempt of the defense at the trial to
throw the blame upon William Dolge,
a fellow clerk of the defendant, who
the Judge said had been foully and
unjustly accused. . He sentenced the
defendant to serve two years In San
Quentln. Daniels, while employed as
a clerk for the Illinois Glass Works,
collected a claim of $98 40 from the
Southern Pacific Company and ab
sconded with the money. It is said
that he Is a cousin of Frank Daniels,
the comedian.
j C. L. Daniels, Convicted of
I Embezzlement, Sentenced
! to Serve Two Year Term
Beport Alleges Plant" of the
Company Was 1 Inadequate
to Do Work Charged For
LACK OF SUPERVISION
WETZEL GETS A CHANCE
Finance Committee Disal
lows Demands for Repair
of Bituminous Pavements
Two Applications Are Made
j Before Judge Lawlor, but
Only One Is Successful
ASK PROBATION
FOR OFFENDERS
YORKE'S BILLS
ARE HELD UP
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY. OCTOBER 23, 1904.
21
J ADVERTISEAIEXTS. _
IS NOW SHOWING IN THE
A VERY ATTRACTIVE STOCK OF
Fashionable Materials
; SUITABLE FOR STREET DRESSES ,
The collection includes some unusually
handsome fabrics not previously dis-
played and a select assortment of
French Novelties in single dress
patterns. -
Attention is also called to a large stock
of Silk and Wool Materials in light
weights, especially adapted for Even-
ing Costumes, in colors suitable for'
any occasion. ;
Special Values
New Winter Suitings
A large assortment of excellently well fin-
ished goods in attractive colors, in-
eluding the popular green and blue kun
checks vw
New Winter Suitings
52 inches wide; a splendid cloth in .
"Men's Mixtures." Correct style for \\ lljl
walking dresses. Value $1.25 .... V*«v V
English Worsteds
In modest colorings for street wear,
52 inches wide; good value for \\ Kjl
$2.00. Special qiltfJV
French Novelty Crepe
Pure silk and wool effects with -
small designs, 44 inches wide. %1 7C
Special V^Itl
£ COR.POST & KEARKY StS*
ADVERTISEMISfTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FLABBY
FACES
Corrected by
~~ N *lfc-'/]r**' i lnescare-
tk^/" *J fully the
fy%? t ments of the
flabby tissues
z.r.6 muscles, corrects, stimulates and
FtronpthcriS Contractions — thus the
flabby, wrinkle^ face of to-day under-
coos'a gradual cure, without pain,
r.nd is fommended to all ladles seek-
ing a perfect skin.
FREE TREATMENT
For out werlc I will clve tree treatment
8t my parlors for Wrlnkl*a, Gray Hair,
JMmplcs. niac5:b'*a'}s. Freckles, etc. Com*
st:d «•<¦'• t. hut I ran do "cr ycu. I have Ibr
ler'cst Dermal olosrioEl Institute in Arner-
Sf*_ s,r.i! !*.« rci«f>urcc« are fre« to you this
Hi:: ic fchow you what I ccn Co.
WHY BE CRAY
To tl! who cunhaw a bcttle or Mr*.
NeitJe IISLrrl*or.'« 4-<iay Hair Restorer, a
treatment v-ill te given FREE. One treat*
raer.t Is fulfiolent to S".v the hair Jte nat-
ural col^r.
KAUIL.U r.ut of tOTrn send this ad. with
!O cents in etstnofi and receive e. book of
tn*.irut:ltop» and a bcx of Lnla Monte:
Crcrae cad Face Powder, FREE.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison
D2:»2tATOX.OGXST.
. 140 Geary St., Opp. City of Faria,
Eaa rrastcisco.
Made by hand of /7\%V\ Af rv4iv% /i» a/% /^Tl A\vf <^\i. s*^+>*\ Send to us for goods,
Shetland Floss, (l\| VLQIlj^\JQi\V OTCVb 1 OATUlmGXV samples or informa-
in plain and fancy Vf/ \ WWW I W wlw f U^o tion— our Mail-order
colors; 43 inches __ ¦¦ _ ' — — -^ Department is at
in diameter; KeaiTiy and Slitter StS. *HL.^Vujn.^ITurt^ yourserviceandour
special at ; . Catalogue can be
$1.25 Each Store Opens 8. SO Jt.M., Closes 5.5O P.M. had for the asking.
Greatest Glove Sale of the Season
Begins Here To-morrow, at 85c a Pair
• '-;'• ¦¦'.-'¦ ' ' " (First Floor ICearny St. 1 )
Our best' brands are- in .this offering — Gloves that have sold regularly at $1.25, $1.50 and
$2.00 a' pair — Gloves that are made of fine selected kidskins, with two and three clasps — all
perfect goods, but assortments are broken, a size missipg,"or a color gone, although in the lot are
all sizes and such good colors as tan, mode, red, corn, b> own, gray and black. We make
the price interesting enough for you to anticipate your holiday wants, and buy not one .
pair but many — and, notwithstanding the extreme reductions,' we fit and guarantee Xkf*
every pair to-morrow at ..:.. VJJL'
Attractive Tapestry Table Covers
Four Extraordinary Values for To-morrow
(Second Flooi Suiter St.), V
Pay this department a visit Monday if you want' to secure some of the best Table Cover values
you ever heard of— Covers that are in this Fall season's handsomest designs, in Mercerized Ori-
ental, Gobelin and Floral effects, in rich and attractive colorings, reversible and fringed all around.
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, SIZE 2x2 YARDS ..S2.00
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, SIZE 2x2 YARDS S2.50
r TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, SIZE 2 x 2# YARDS S3.6O
TAPESTRY TABLE COVERS, SIZE 2x3 YARDS t4.5O
New and Handsome Fancy Silks
Specially Priced at $1.OO a Yard
'(Flrit Floor Kearny St.) - .
They are the Silks that are now in the height of their popularity for smart Costumes, Suits
and Waists — Superior qualities and beautiful weaves, comprising Faconne Taffetas, Peau de
Cygne, Peau de Crepe and Louisine Silks, in entirely new fancy figured, changeable
and novelty patterns — and there's a great range of new colors to select from, such
as gun metal, browns, blues, greens, champagne, etc. Your choice of them to-mor- V j fjfl
row at, per yard %(/l«UU
Brooch Pins at 25c Dainty Toilet Sets
Worth $1.00 tO $1.50 Each From the Art Needlework Department
(First Floor Sutter St.) (Second Floor Kearny St.)
Is it an Inducement to you, to be able to buy pretty These pretty Toilet Sets are sure to please. They are
Brooch Pins at Twenty-five Cents, instead of Ji.oo to made of good quality white Swiss— some are plain, others
J1.50? We think it will be, particularly after you've seen are in fancy designs, all elaborately trimmed with lace
the pins. They are manufacturers' samples, each one insertion and fluted ruffles, edged with lace to match —
different, in gold filled and silver— hundreds of q. — lined in pink, blue and yellow. They are \% _.
choice designs, setwith brilliant stones. Entire yKr yards In length, and one of the b:st values \] yK
purchase on sale to-morrow at, each a*C/ w we've ever offered at tP I •^'C/
.Ladies Collars and Stocks
The Collars, in the prevailing Turnover style, are with The Stocks are of white silk, with ruchlng top, and
latest button-hole effect to run tie through. They are prettily embroidered in the new English effect, In green,
made of fine white, washable material, with heavily em- red, navy, brown, blue and orange, also all white —
broidered floral designs, in a large variety of choice t<> Regular 35c value, but a large purchase makes -^
colors— worth regularly 25c each— Sale price l^C possible the present price ZzC
Sale of , Fine Sateen Petticoats
¦ . (Third Floor Kearny St.)
- A special purchase of Ladies' Petticoats goes on sale to-morrow. They are made of fine quality
Mercerized Sateen," in black, brown, navy blue and gray ,' with deep Spanish flounce trimmed with
six stitched straps, and finished with pretty ruffle at the bottom. Seeing them you'll &** * r
wonder how they could be made for the price. Worth regularly $1.75 each — to-morrow s>>* >O
Ribbons for Every Purpose
AT AmraAOTTVB s PRICES
Satin Taffeta Ribbons, an exceptionally Taffeta Ribbons — all silk, of excellent Messaline Taffeta Ribbons, pre-eml-
good quality, all silk, 3# inches wide, soft quality, 4 inches wide, for neck, nently the favorite ribbons for fall
in white, cream, blue, pink, lilac, malse. belt, sash or hair purposes— all colors, wear. They are pure silk, of superior
nlle, cardinal, navy blue, brown and Including black and white— an excep- quality, 5# inches wide— come in all
black; special at tionally fine value at colors; worth 35c, at
15c a Yard 20c a Yard 25c a Yard
BEDROOM
FURNITURE
In bedsteads we have an endless variety, both in styles
and prices. They are in oak, birdseye maple and mahogany;
also have an immense stock of brass and enamel beds in all
1 the late designs. We have just received two carloads of car-
¦ pets and rugs that. we are selling at 20 per cent lower prices {
than all others. . We are the only furniture house in this
city that has no rent to pay; that's why we can undersell our
competitors. BH£ \
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET. Abovc Slxttu
Mm A *» ** Let tifto
\ a* iwBff I 1 \ -^"f "* /
Gold Dust Stands Atone
in the washing powder field— it has no substitute.. You must
either use V '
SSQL.O DUST
or something inferior—there is no middle ground.
Buy GOLD DUST and you buy the best
RIS??-/?J :NERAL I Scrobblne floors, washine clothes and dishes, deantof wood-
J:«r^n?i%i. I work « ott cloth. silYerwaro and tinware, pollshine brass work. -
COLD DUST | cleansinff bath room, pipes, etc.. and making tha finest soft soap.
Made by THE It. K.FAIRBANK COMPANY. ChWo-Makers of FAIRY SOAP. :
GOLD OUST makes hard wafer soft.Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 19*2. *
'Townsend's California 1 Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On November 1. 1904. will be advanced
10c per Ux Holiday orders received uj> to
that data *t present price. . •
"; While : he would rather , see himself
elected than either Roosevelt or Park- 1
er, Tom ; WaUton prefers the former, to
the latter*; because " he' knows V where
Roosevelt stands, while Parker ''backs
and 3 fills and trims and dqdges and
evades r and ? beclouds t all j the l Issues £of
the campaign,; In the effort not to face
those I Issues." Mr.' Watson is a dis
cerning critic.— Philadelphia Inquirer.
/Hair. nets of. heavy silk, ornamented
with beads and fringe, are a probable
style*/'-' 7 ,1Jigi^^gaB^JfgaSMgBMBttB
Wide strings of net, tied in a bis
bow at' the left' of the 'chin, will make
•ome of the winter hats decidedly pic
turesque. "... ¦
A new .chiffon veil v - can hide a mul
tltudei of sins in ; the way of % a" shabby
summer -hatr-/." ; :
' "-.The flowered frocks; need no trira
minff save aash '¦ and '. big hat. and they
make a girl .look ¦ like a picture.
THEN HE WENT OUT.
Mr. Fuyter Lott— Well, you are no
longer a spring chicken.
Mrs. Fuyter I*>tt— May b* so, but
you're the same old goose.
BRIEF HINTS.
Now that Judge Parker's speech and
his letter of acceptance are in.. It may
be remarked with Horatio: "The rest
Is silence." — Milwaukee Sentinel.
The people ; like Roosevelt's candor.
They admire bis \ industry.,. They are
proud of the achievements of their
chief executive. And: when. aU ; is;_sald
and done, they, are not^lookingitohls
books nor. to " his -early] speeches i for
guidance with refrence to; the .present
campaign". They are viewing , his
prd as President— Kansas City Star.
"What is worse* than the sting of a
wasp ?" asks an Ohio C editor. Two
wasps!— New York Herald.
To every fifty women , who worry
themselves over ' their hair, there is
only- about, one ..who gives & second
thought to her eyebrows, and It Is only
when she notices how scanty and poor
they are becoming that she begins to
wonder at the change In her appear
ance. " '_
A great deal may be dons to improve
the eyebrows. In the first place they
can be. made smooth and fine by the
use of * a tiny brush, and also a fine
small comb, HBHBBff
Occasionally a little vaseline may b«
applied.' and this should be done at
night. Those whose .brows are -very
fair /will find that the vaseline will
slowly but surely darken them.* Cocoa,
nut oil will serve the same purpose if
rubbed into the roots every night.
CARE OF THE EYEBROWS.
NO more lucid interpretation of the present temper and imme
diate aims of the Democratic party has been given than thac
set forth by Edward M. SKepard in the current number of the
Atlantic Monthly. Here, summed up and clearly set forth, are enun
ciated the principles which are supposed to represent the platform
of Parker and Davis. After assuming the premises that the pres
ent Republican party is one in name only and expresses no continuity
of sentiment or action with the Republican spirit of the days of Lin
coln, the writer draws the conclusion that "the present political
campaign is a struggle between tendencies— between ideals, even
more than over specific measures' of governmental policy."
A* truer word has not been spoken; With one amendment Mr.
Shepard's dictum may be" accepted as oracle. The present com
paign represents the struggle between definite ideals" and purposes
on the part df the Republican party and the random groping after
ideals, the frantic search after definite purposes on the Democratic
side. The Democratic propaganda is a negative one. In the iter
ation and reiteration of protest lie no idealsJ The61atform cautiously
and in a spirit of compromise pieced together at St. Louis,- arid? made
to tremble under that unexpected blow from Parker's gold telegram
embodies not one ideal upon which positive issue may be made.
PARTY DIFFERENCES.
A curious fashion which has made
its appearanee of late ii that of wear
ing a celnture of black taffeta with a
colored costume. . To accompany it
there . is generally a rosette of black
taffeta worn on one side of the cor
sage, and sometimes the same is re
peated on the sleeves. The effect is
not always of the happiest, especially
when the gown is trimmed with a
different -colored material to that of
which it is made, and it "may be doubt
ed whether the vogue will be of long
duration. -,.\ -'.-•.-- -.¦,
CURIOUS COMBINATION.
INHERITED.
She — He certainly is a great talker.
He— Oh, well, he can't help that. Hi*
father used to be a barber.
The hat scarf differs, from the veil
in that it Is wound about the hat, never
over the face. New scarfs are of lace
in "black, white and colors, with em
broidery v In self color and contrasting
colors.
¦)'. Ribbons of all descriptions are to be
used upon the new hats. Among the
new ribbons are the plaids, the floral,
the moire and double-faced colorings,
satin and taffeta."
The ' high crowns will lead In the
large hats, the Directolre and the
Gainesborough being the most popular.
The English round hat will be a fav
ored hat this season.
MILLINERY.
IN a recent number of the monthly consular reports to the De
partment of Labor and Commerce there is embodied a Russian
review of an article on "The Future and Power of the United
States" from the pen of M. Hanotaux, a prominent French economist
and member of the Academy. The spirit of the article is significant
in its bearing upon the tariff issues of the present campaign/for the
writer has sounded a. note of warning to all European manufacturing
powers who hope to compete with America under the protective
system. An "American peril," rather than the bugaboo of ; Asiatic
dominance, should keep Europeans, up o' nights, declarei^-the French
economist; protection and organization have made our. trade in
vincible. \ . t :
"On the battlefields of international trade," writes M. Hano
taux, "clever strategists have .organized a; trust vaster than any
heretofore conceived, which binds; the different States and the dif
ferent industries therein. I "refer 'to the great national trust; the tariff.
Thus at the beginning of the /twentieth century the United States
faces the world as a mos^ desirable market, on the: brie hand, and as
an awful menace '-.to; manufacturing nations on the other."
Continuing, the. writer '.shows how, within the- operation of the
protective system, the United, States has' been enabled to outbid the
coal market of free trade England in.her own ports, how American
wheat cut into the agricultural interests of France until a protective
system remedied the losses of the home grower, arid how- Germany
was compelled to fight against competition of American meats.: "
*- A stronger argument for the continued sway of protection could
not be found than that unconsciously set forth by this French writer.'
If the giant strides made byour trade Turider protection have caused
our competitors abroad to fear, for the future of their markets and to
sound the rallying cry of opposition need we makcachange?
WHERE DANGER LIES.
A pretty fashion which has been
started of late is that of wearing
cockades of colored velvet or ribbon,
one on" the left side of the corsage
rather high up, and the other on the
right side at the waist line. They are
large and are generally of a contrast
ing color to that of the gown with
which the.y are worn. Rosettes of
burnt orange velvet make an exceed
ingly pretty accompaniment to a smart
afternoon gown of brown pllsse. chiffon.
Tea Cake.— For a cheap cake, to be
eaten fresh, beat two tablespoons of
melted butter into <*ie .cup of sugar,
add a beaten tgg, two-thirds cup of
milk and two cups of sifted flour, sifted
with three level teaspoons of baking
powder. Add half a teaspoon of mixed
spice and bake in a shallow pan. Serve
partly cool.
Lemon Cake.— Cream one cup of but
ter, add two cups of powdered sugar
slowly and beat well. Add the yolks
of four eggs, well beaten, one-half cup
of'mllk and three cups of flour sifted
with four level teaspoons of baking
powder, and, last the stiffly beaten
whites of four eggs. Bake In layers and
cool. Make a filling from the whites of
three eggs beaten with one pound of
powdered sugar, the grated yellow
rind and the juice of one lemon.
Spread between the cakes and over
the top. Let stand a few hours to let
the frosting or filling become firm.
Milk Frosting. — Put one cup of
granulated sugar and one-quarter cup
of milk into a saucepan and cook five
minutes after the boiling point is
reached. Stir all the time and then take
from the fire and stir all the time un
til thick enough to spread.
Blancmange.— Mix five level table
spoons of corn starch in a little milk,,
add two beaten eggs, stirring rapidly
ble boiler and cook ten minutes: then
add two beaten eggs, stirring rapidly
a'nd cook a minute. Pour Into small
molds rinsed In cold water and when
firm serve a teaspoonful of Jelly on
each mold, as turned on the serving
dish, also powdered sugar and thin
cream.
FOR THE TABLE.
A PRETTY FALL FASHION.
Circular-shaped skirts, cut bias, with
matched edges at the center of the
front, are quite smart for striped plaid
or checked materials. Checked mohair
looks particularly well when so de
veloped/
SMARTSKIRTS.
THESE FOOTBAMi GAMES.
First Football Player— Pity about
Klckem getting killed In that football
game.
Second Football Player— Tes. and It
was against a scrub eleven, too.
SENATOR CULBERSON of Texas is much excited by the
President's Panama policy. Speaking to a Parker meeting in
New York City, the Senator exploited his views and sought to
clinch them by reading a letter written by the President to Mr.
Shaw of the Review of Reviews, in which the President said that
he could not give countenance to the fomenting of secession in
Panama, declaring that: "Whatever other governments can do the
United States cannot go into securing by such underhand means
the canal cession." The President added that he personally would
be pleased if Panama were an independent state. Well, what good
American, at that time, would have felt differently about it? The
letter was confidential to Mr. Shaw, and at this late day the Presi
dent himself removes the seal of privacy from it, which enables
Senator Culberson to use it as a flail with which to pound threshed
straw.
Every reader of daily events on the isthmus knew that a
Panama revolution was certain after the Colombian rejection of the
Hay-Herran canal treaty. It came. It succeeded and we have
the canal cession. President Reyes of Colombia within the "last
month has admitted the right of Panama to resume her former in
dependence because of the injustice of her treatment by Colombia.
It was a Central American teapot tempest, of which President Roose
velt took entirely justifiable advantage to secure the canal that had
been the subject of dicker and bicker for a century and a half.
What would Senator Culberson have? Does he intend, if
Judge Parker is elected, to surrender the canal cession and hand
Panama back to Colombia? That is -the logical conclusion of all this
attack on the President. We will see whether New York sympa
thizes with such a plan. The canal brings the whole west coast of
Central and South America nearer to New York than the east coast
of South America. It gives thac city a new water line^access to the
trade of a great region. It does for that city in respect to the Cen
tral and South American trade what the Erie canal did for it in the
trade of our own continental center and west. The opposition is no
more sensible than was the virulent abuse of De Witt Clinton when
he projected and built the Eric canal.
THE PRESIDENT AND PANAMA.
The frail, sweet summer day Is done,
Sweet heart, good night!
Too soon, alas! thetdark has come;
Sweet heart, good night!
Thy true love kiss rests on my brow.
My lips shall keep our kiss-seal'd vow.
Thy faith my faith shall be — and now
Swfcet heart, good night!
Still one more kiss and we must part!
Sweet heart, pood night! . - -
Thy love Is safe within my heart!
Sweet heart, good night!
If love were all. as once of yore!
Thank God. It smooths the parting o'er.
Ah. maids may weep, but men must war!
Sweet heart good night!
Sweet heart, good night!
—Metropolitan Magazine.
IF LOVE WERE ALL
In black and white there are many
arrangements.
v In colfers the dot invariably matches
the tint of the veil.
Chenilles are the favorite, though
embroidered and velvet dots are seen.
Automobile veils are not now so
often seen gathered on a small circu
lar frame.
ABOUT VEILS.
THE New York Times in a recent issue, in commenting on a
meeting Of citizens called for the purpose of inquiring into cer
tain acts of the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals, raises the question as to whether or not such private
societies are really necessary for the enforcement of the criminal
law, or whether that duty should be entirely in the hands of the
municipality.
In the October number of The Forum ? iChampe S. Andrews, an
eminent attorney of New York City, ably^fscils'sesIth'eTquery pro
pounded by the Times, and argues convincingly that private so
cieties for handling criminal and charitable matters have come to
occupy a most important position in municipalities and asserts that
the state invariably encourages and depends upon ; such bodies to
assist in a work which, strictly speaking, belongs to the govern
ment itself. • $ ' . '/... '
He shows that in the city of New York there have been brought
into being, auxiliary to the regular representatives of the law, many
private societies engaged in assisting the state in performing functions
that the state itself would have to perform if the. societies did not
exist. They cover a wide field, such as employment bureaus, relief
societies, day nurseries and kindergartens, burial societies, asylums,
homes, cheap lodgings, reformatories for children, relief for the sick,
reclamation of discharged convicts, suppression of vice, '. and the
Legal Aid Society. The latter is somewhat novel in municipal affairs
and puts in motion the civil courts for the relief of the poor. It
has manifested the need for its existence by recovering to the poor
of New York over §1,000,000 since its incorporation in 1876.
Mr. Andrews- argues that the preservation of order, the protec
tion of property and the suppression of violence are, in practice, suf
ficient to keep any police force so busy, that the lesser criminals may
go practically undisturbed, and that it is not generally realized to
what extent the government is compelled to lean upon 'private so
cieties for the initiative in criminal and charitable matters, and that
without such bodies the burden put upon the general public, not only
in taxation but in many other ways, would be so heavy. as to be
almost unbearable. . .
A most modish trimming for taffeta
dresses is supplied • by narrow velvet
ribbon. A chameleon silk, sheening blue
and crimson and beruffled from head to
foot, has each ruffle trimmed with four
rows of crimson velvet ribbon, the wid
est stripe half an inch wide and the
narrowest scarcely an eighth. It Is not
permitted to put these ribbon trim
mings on by machine,' either; they
must be 'painstakingly put on by hand.
PRIVATE SOCIETIES IN CITIES.
VELVET RIBBON TRIMMING.
NOT A STUDENT.
He— You axe not the first gl»l I ever
kissed.
She — Then you've got a lot to learn.
GAVE Til Of THE SHAKE.
Tired Tommle— How did you lose
your teeth. Willie?
"Willie — Shook *em all out trying ter
pronounce them Russian names in de
war bulletins.
PERHAPS one of the most useful of the international congresses
held at the St. Louis Exposition is that of the Military Sur
geons. It has brought to the front certain matters that sug
gest a function for army doctors that has been little considered. The
Agricultural Department has long had under investigation the sub
ject of food and diet. It has patiently collected the statistics of diet
in the several typical States of the Union~ and of the people en
gaged in the various occupations which make up the industrial and
business energies of the country. By this means we have knowledge
of the average diet of farmers, financiers, ' professional men and
workingmen. The summary shows that in each class greater health
and economy could be secured by a more scientific adjustment of the
diet and better methods of preparing food for consumption.
The world has been made familiar with dietetic reform and re
formers. Graham corrected indigestion by eating bread made from
unbolted flour, and so we had Graham bread added to our diet. But
Graham flour is no longer made. What is sold as such is merely a
mixture of fine flour and bran which the millers give us, and the
bread it makes has none of the virtues of that made from unbolted
flour. Graham's dietetic reform was derived from individual expe
rience and not from any scientific study of the subject, though his
conclusions were probably in line with science. The same has been
true of all 01 our dietetic reforms, until the subject was taken up,
systematically, by the Agricultural Department.
Its work thus far has produced little impression. Though it has
been scattered broadcast in bulletins, the people in sedentary occupa
tion go on injuring themselves by using a diet that is suitable for out
door and active workers, and these impair their health by consuming
the more costly food which is suitable for the sedentary. Now an
army surgeon, -Major Seaman, at the International Congress, brings
the subject sharply to the attention of the country. The army sur
geon has been looked upon as a professional person who cuts off legs
and arms that ought to be left on, and whose duties are confined to
the operating table of a field hospital. Major Seaman shows him in
a different light and gives the credit where it belongs, to the Japa
nese in the present war.
The Japanese Government took the results of scientific study and
practically applied them to the army ration. In that way a ration
was devised that sustains the health, strength and endurance of the
Japanese army. Operating in a country that has been time and
again swept by choleraic and other forms of intestinal disease, the
Japanese soldiers have been entirely free from those maladies and
have shown the most remarkable endurance and staying power ever
possessed by a great army.
Major Seaman very naturally resents the failure of this and the
Governments of the other Western nations to detail army surgeons
and commissaries to attend the Japanese armies and study this part
of their military policy. In all wars heretofore intestinal diseases
have slain more men than have fallen in battle or died from wounds.
The Japanese are saving themselves this vast loss of military strength
by attention to the army ration, and the Western nations cannot be
indifferent to this part of military science.
Aside from its importance as a military policy Japan is also
teaching the world a most impressive lesson in dietetics. The diet
that sustains a soldier in hard marches and the rigors of battle and
that keeps him in such health that he quickly recovers from wounds
that are uniformly fatal to soldiers who are unscientifically fed
should be studied by the whole world as a means of preserving the
public health and furnishing strength to those who are enduring the
labors of peace. If such a diet increase the laboring capacity and
industrial output of the world and prevent the loss of time and money
caused by frequent illness, it will be seen that the most important
economic results will be accomplished.
One of the most important advances made by our Spanish war
is the discovery of our army surgeons in. the demonstration of the
spread of febrile diseases by mosquitoes. If we add to this the
progress made in dieting by Japan the world will have received sub
stantial additions to health and longevity as the contribution of the
science of killing to the art preservative of life.
That little girl who was brought into
notoriety with a death charged to her
account is a terrible warning against
the so-called "freedom" of the Ameri
can girl that has been the talk ((and
not altogether favorable talk) of every
country, aays a writer In the Phila
delphia North American.
Out' with another girl of her own age.
at one of the amusement parks, with
no check on her pert forms of amus
ing herself, she swung on the power of
the trolley that was Just ready to start
and ran the car over the motorman
(who wa - ' andinsr in front fixing tha
fender) instantly killing him.
In the face of eye-witnesses, before
court, with j its lawyers and Judges,
and its hundreds of accusing eyes, be
fore the very consciousness of the
crowd that would break a woman or a
man down, to say nothing of a child,
she becomes defiant.
Women everywhere are wondering
at it. The very shock, itself, of being
present at so sudden a death, should
have shaken her composure. Her
father, realizing the enormity of the
deed and her apparent callousness,
broke completely down, and left the
courtroom sobbing, while his defiant
little child was led away— dry-eyed —
to await the decision of the court.
The whole story is terrible. But
what has made it possible? Isn't it
time something frightful like this very
accident should occur to make people
realize that the wonderful freedom our
girls have been reveling in is becoming
unlicensed? * %V>"
Webster, or some one of our glorious
patriots, says that "there can be no
true liberty where there is no obe
dience to just laws." Surely some
sort of discipline ought to-be main
tained over children!
The growing practice of allowing
young girls to roam the streets and
pirks alone, by day or night, is becom
ing one of the evils we women must
work to destroy.
Give a child a taste of the unnatural
life and her appetite becomes perverted.
Instead of romping and playing in an
innocent way, she requires something
to be going on every moment, until, at
the best, she becomes a hollow, Incap
able, hardened woman, and at the
worst-—! .
The eld idea of shielding a woman
from care and knowledge of the world
was perhaps too binding in its restric
tions, but it kept young girls safe —
kept them in a state of wholesome In
nocence and sweetness.
That life couldn't exist now. With
girls pushing to the front in every way
— in business, In sports, in the thou
sand and one ways that were debarred
in olden times, there must be more
freedom.
But surely it v need not extend to
children. Girls of 11 or 12 are no fit
judges of their own actions and need
a certain amount of restraint or dis
cipline. ' - •
Keep your' girls close to you — you
mothers who. hail their going out with
so much relief— keep your girls close,
and don't let them be added to the list
of terrible sacrifices to the spirit of
unlicensed freedom!
JAPAN A TEACHER.
HEARING THE NEWS FROM THE WEST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1904.
SMILES
A COLUMN
OF 'EM
AMERICAN
GIRL'S
FREEDOM
THE SAN FRAN C1SCQ CALL
JOXXX D. SPRECKEXS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXAUGHT Manager,
PUBLICATION OmCB THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
SUNDAY OCTOBER 23. 1904
COPYRIGHT. 1904, BT SPKCIAL. ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCICO CALt, WITH THE NEW YORK EVENINO MAIL.
22versatipn is about' his lumbago. He. fre
quently- mintion^ th' fact that he" likes I cer
tain articles of food but thfey don't 'like
him." Whin he'; conies' hoiine at nighty he'
plays with th' dog, talks 'pollytics' with" his
nex' dure neighbor, puts his hat an' a pair,
iv cuffs on.th'.piannah, sets down in front iv
th' fire, kicks off 'bis- boots an' dhraws on a'
pair iv carpet slippers an' thin notices that
th' wife iv his ; bosom" is .'on th' premises.
'Hello, ol' woman/* he", says. 'How's all
ye'er throubles?' he says. '
"Wanst a year Belinda meets "him at th'
dure with a flower in her hair." 'Well/ he'
says, 'what are th' decorations about?' he
says. 'Don't ye know what day this is?'
says she. 'Sure/ says he; 'it's Choosdah.'
'No, but what day?'.^ 'I give it up. • St. Path-^
rick's day, Valentine's day, pay day. What's
th' answer?' ifBut think.' Tgive it up.' 'It's
th' annyvarsary iy pur weddin'. 'Oh/ says
he, 'so it is. I'd clean f'rgot. That's right..
I raymimber" it well now that ye mintion
it. Well, bettherIJuck T nex' time. There
take that/ he says. A/i'^he salutes her on
th' forehead an' goes down in th' cellar to
wurruk on a patent, skid -that will rivoluch
ionize th' graccry business. r If - he suffers
a twinge iv remorse later ?he tells her to
take two dollars out iv.th' .housekeeping
money an' buy hersilf a. suitable prisint.
"He's pleasant in th' avenin'. At sup
per, havin' explained his -daily maladies at
full length, he relapses into a 'gloomy si
lence, broken bn'y be such sounds as es
cape fr'm a man » dhrinkin' *hot cpffee.
Afther supper he" figures on th' probable
market flrrutybagy, turnips, while his wife
r-reads th 1 ' advertisemints iv th' theayters.
'Jawn - Drew : is here this week/ says : . she.
'Is he?' "says ; Archybald. 'That's good/ he
says. 'I- haven V been- to a theayter since
Billy Emerson died/ he says. 'I hate th'
theayter. It ain't a bit like rale life as I
see.it in business hours/ he says. Afther
a while whin Belinda begins to tell him a
thrillin' says-she about wan iv * the neigh
bors he lapses into a pleasant sleep, now
an' thin arousin' himsilf to murmur TTm-m.'
At (fVclock he winds th' clock,- puts th'
dog out f'r th* night, takes off his collar
on th' stairs an' goes to bed. Belinda sets
up a little later an' dhreams Richard Hard
ing Davis wrote a book about her. •
"But th' five years ar-re up at last. Wan
mornin' Archybald • is glarin' fr'm behind
a newspaper in his customary jaynial
breakfast mood, whin his wife says,
'Where will I send ye'er clothes?' 'What's
that?' says he. 'Where d'ye live to-mor
rah?' 'Don't be foolish, ol' woman. What
d'ye mean?' says he. 'I mean/ says she,
'that th' lease has expired. At tin-thirty
to-day it r-runs out. I like ye, Archybald,
but I think I'll have* to let ye go. • Th'
property has r-run down. Th' repairs
haven't been kept up. Ye haven't allowed
enough f'r wear an' tear. It looks too
much like a boardin'-house. I'm goin' into
th' market to prospect f'r a husband with
all modhren improvements/ says she.
"Well, wudden't that be a jolt f'r Archy
bald? Ye bet he'd beat th' quarter-mile
record to th' joolers. . He'd haul out ol'
pitchers iv himsilf as he was th' day he
won his threasure an' he'd hurry to a
beauty upholsterer an' say, 'Make me 33
like .that there Apollo Belvydere as ye
can without tearin' me down altogether.'
It t wud be fine. He'd get her back, maybe,
but it wud be a sthruggle. An' afther that
about a year befure th' conthract expired
again ye'd see him pickin' purple ties out
iv th' shop window, buying theayter tick
ets be th' scoor an' stoppin ivry avenin' at
a flower shop to gather a bunch iv violets.
He'd hire a "man to nudge him whin his
doesn't. So far as he is consarned, .; he
thinks th\ laundhry bill is too high. \ He
advertises th' fact, that he wears a-- re'd
flannel chest protictor. His principal con-
marrid men \ give ye » th' impressyon that
tlieir wives stole thim fr'm their agonized
parents; : But, -annyhow, we'll suppose that
Archybald, '.laying a -sillc handkerchief on
th'. carpet an' pullin' up th' leg iv his pan
taloons. to prevent bagjjin', hurls himsilf
impetchoosly atth' feet iy his adored .wan
an' cries: 'Belinda," I can" on'y offer ye th'
love iv.ari honest;; South. Wather street
commission merchant .an'-, number iv. th'
Brotherhood \ W, WhplesaJe an' Retail Gro
cers. Will ye take, me f'r. life?' Belinda
blushes a' rosy red . an' replies : 'Archybald,
ye ask too much. ". I cannot take ye f'r
life, but I'll give ye a- five year lease an'
resarve ' th' : right to renew at th' end iv
that time/' she says. 'Will that do?' says
she. 'I .will thry'to make ye happy,' says
he. An'" she falls on his manly bosom an'
between -her sobs scries, -'Thin let us re
pair at wanst to th' Title Guarantee an'
Thrust Comp'ny an' be made man an' wife/
she says.
"Well, afther Archybald is safely marrid
his good opinyon iv himself reyturns. Be
linda docs her; share r t6 encourage him, an'
befure long he begins; to wondher how as
fine a fellow as him come to throw himsilf
away. Not .that she ain't a good creature,
d'ye, mind, 'an' slavishly devoted to him.
He hasn't annything again her, still, think
iv what he might have done if he had on'y
known his thrue worth. Whin a man gets
a good repytation he doesn't have to live
up to it. So bimeby Archybald, knowin'
fr'm what his wife says that he is hand
some enough without anny artificial aid,
f'rgets th' inannycure an' th' hair dhresser.
Sometimes he shaves an' sometimes ¦ he
he saj's, 'we first embrace, thin pity, thin
endure,' he' says. Most iv th' oP marrid
men I know threat their wives like a rock
in' chair — a great comfort when they're
tired, but apt to be in th' way a{ other
times. Now, it might be diff'rent if th' la
dies' instead iv bein' secured f'r life was'
on'y held on a short term lease. Whin
Archybald, th' pride iv South Wather
sthreet, makes up his mind that it wud be
well f'r his credit if he cnthered th' holy
bonds iv mathrimony an* selects th' target
iv his mad affections he thinks that all he
has to do is to put a gceranyum in his
buttonhole an' inthrajooce himsilf be his
•first name to be carrid to th' altar. ..But th'
ladies, Gawd bless them, are be nature
skilled in this game an' befure Archybald
has been coortin' two weeks he begins to
shift his ideas iv his own worth.^ He finds
that at best he has on'y an outside chance.
He wondhers if he is really worthy iv .th'
love iv an innocint young girl iv thirty
two. Has he money enough to support'her
as she shud be supported? He even has
doubts, f'r th' first time in his life iv his
own ravishin' beauty. He detects blemishes
that he niver see befure. He discovers that
what he used to considher a merry twinkle
is a slight, cast in th' right eye an' that th'
flllin' shows in his teeth. He consults a
manicure an' a hair dhresser an' buys th'
entire stock iv a gents' furnishin' store.
Thin whin he's thurly humble he goes
thremblin' to Belinda's house reysolved
that if th' fair wan reyfuses him, as she
prob'bly will an' surely ought to, he will
.walk off th' bridge an' end, all.
"It's at- this time that th' short term con
thract shud be sprung. I don't know how
men propose. I niver thried it but wanst,
an' th' hired girl said th' lady was not at
home. No wan will iver tell ye. Most
WRITTEN ¦ E0R THE CALL BY. T. P. DUNNE.
Copyright,. 1904, By McClufe, Phillips & Co.
SHORT-TERM MARRIAGES ARE HER DISCUSSED BY MR. DOOLEY
WHO DOES NOT APPROVE OF THE MEREDITH IDEA
be mentioned — preparation. Here we
have something all Important. The
very first steps along the royal road
should be steps of preparation. ..Our
preparation for any given work nat
urally suggests to us the necessity for
some natural ability, the more the bet
ter. Success for the mentally Incompe
tent is out of the question, but with a
fair degree of natural mental ability
the work of gaining the acquired abil
ity should and must be diligently pur
sued. Some years ago the writer spoko
to a young man regarding his prepar
ing himself for a certain profession for
which he had considerable ability, and
for which he confessed he bad no tittle
liking, but he as frankly confessed two
things: it took too Ions to prepare
one's self for such a work, and, sec
ondly, one had to know so much that
he did not wish to undertake so diffi
cult a task. That same young man is
still sitting around the stores of that
little village waiting for success to
come to him In some easy way. The
golden crown of success awaits the
brow of him who is willing. to strive for
it. The royal road which leads ever la
that direction Is the road of wise selec
tion, honest desire, unflinching deter
mination, hard work and adequate
ability. He who will choose and faith
fully apply these principles will attain
unto the coveted prize of this Ufa —
success.
ping stone upon which we shall mount
nearer and nearer our goal — success.
It is an indication of royal blood to
behold the young man with head up,
eyes flashing,* shoulders thrown back
and, like the eagle, his gaze ever set on
the sun of success. The final analysis In
the majority of failures will reveal the
fact — lack of application, afraid of hard
work— has been the cause. "Work or
starve" is nature's motto — "it is writ
ten on the stars and the like — starve
mentally, starve morally, starve phys
ically." There is no success In God'a
universe for the idler. Hard work Is
the price we pay, diligent application
is the price we pay. But he who will
thus apply himself will get full re
turns, measure for measure heaped up,
pressed down, 'running over. "There
is but one method of attaining excel
lence," said. Sydney Smith, "and that Is
hard labor." The mottoes of great men
reveal the secret of their success. Here
area few: "Voltaire's motto was "Tou
jours au Travail" (always at work).
Scott's was "Never be doing nothing."
Work! work! work! has been the motto
of hundreds of men who have left the
blessed heritage of success to all com
ing generations. Daniel Webster said,
"I have worked for more than twelve
hours a day for fifty years." Do not
be afraid of work, young man, if you
would obtain success.
I have reserved for the last thing to
The road to success Is full of diffi
culties. Many are the discourage
ments, much need will you have for
all your powers of determination. Our
faces must ever be set toward the
goal. . "Our greatest glory," said
Goldsmith, "Is not in never falling,
but in rising every time we fall." Hav
ing once put our hands to the plow
we ; shall not look back. : Every dif
ficult problem, every rough • place,
every hard knot along this way should
be mastered and so thoroughly mas
tered that each would become a step-
What though ten thousand faint,
Desert, cr yield, or. in weak terror flee!
H*>ed not the panic of the multitude;
Thine be the captain's " watchword— Victory I
package and place It in 'their hands
gladly enough would they receive it.
Remember, though, .my young friend,'
success comes not after that manner.
If that good thing 'you would obtain
there must be an honest desire. It is
an old but none the less true saying
where there Is a will there is a way.
An honest desire sees and seizes the
opportunity, where others less earnest
allow them to pass by all unnoticed.
"I can't; it is impossible," said a
foiled lieutenant to Alexander. "Be
gone," shouted the conquering Mace
donian. "There Is nothing Impossible
to him who will try."
As another requisite to genuine suc
cess I mention Invincible grit. Bonar
sings well and truly:
genuine success which we are seeking,
or is it a mere gauzy delusion with
which we. are willing to be wound
about and made to believe that we had
attained something real? If it is the
real you are looking for, I believe I
can help you; If It is the other, away,
away, I will have nothing to do with It.
There are some things, as essential
to genuine success as fresh air, pure
water, plenty of exercise and well
cooked food are to a healthy body.
They are what we are pleased to call
the milestones along the royal road
which leads to success. Our starting
point we will call the City of Selection.
In which particular field of this great
world's activities are we looking to for
success? Artemus Ward said:
"Every man has got a Forte. What
each man's particular Forte is he
wants to find out. The sooner the bet
ter. Foolish Is the man who starts on
a Journey not knowing whither, nor
caring where, the road may lead. What
ever you are by nature, keep to it;
never desert your line of talent. Be
what nature intended you for, and you
will succeed. Be anything else, and
you will be ten thousand times worse
than nothing." The theory that the
son be what the father has been, and
do what the father has done, has been
the means of scattering along the high
way the bleached carcasses of failure,
while if the child had been permitted
"g" WISH, in this article, to speak a
3 serious word with the young men
I of our city, -..-. ... .
D It is possible for every young
man vrno wills to succeed. And
yet, there is nothing so rare as
genuine success. * I desire to have
the ears of the boys and young
men of San Francisco especially, be
cause I. with all my heart, believe that
the young men of our city to-day have
the widest open door leading into the
great halls of success that are to be
found anywhere in our land. The boy
who has it in him need not seek other
and greener fields from which to reap
his harvests of success. Right at your
very doors the fields are white already
unto the harvest.
Let us for a moment look at the
eubject, which indicates the lines
along which we wish to direct this
talk, "The Royal Road to Success."
The, because there Is no other which
leads to true success; Royal, because
the best blood, the purest and noblest
of ours and every other land, of ours
end every other age, have passed along
here In their acquirement of success;
Road*> because the word itself sug
gests a Journey. He who would at
tain success must often make a long,
long Journey; Success, because no
word sounds more pleasing to the ear
of the hard toiler than this— success.
Come, let us see. Is it success, true.
THE ROYAL ROAD TO SUCCESS
BY THE REV. WALTER M. WHITE, D. D., Pastor West Side Christian Church.
THE REV. W. M. WHITE. D.D.
to have chosen and pursued an avoca
tion to his liking, he would have
passed, triumphantly along, the royal
road to Success. I urge, parents, give
the boy a fair starting chance, by per
mitting him large freedom in choos
ing his own life calling. To the young
man I submit the all importance of
the right appreciation of a well chosen
vocation. Mistakes made here are
difficult of correction. Being some
body for life is better than being: a,
prodigy for a day.
What fchall I do to be forever known T
Thy duty ever!
This did full many who aleep all unknown, .
' Oh, never, never!
Think" st thou, perchance, that they, remain
unknown
Whom thou know' «t not? i t
By angel trumps in heaven this praise la blown
Divine this lot.
We will find close, very close to our
starting point — the City of Selection — •
the first milestone, with the lettering
cut deep, the memory of which we
will need to carry with us all along
the road which leads to success, an
honest desire to be that upon which
we have set our hearts.
' Far too many young men have really
no ambition to be anything. If
success were to be bought with a price
of gold willing enough would they pay
it. If some kindly disposed friend
should bring it all tied up in a neat
THE TEACHERS' INSTITUTES
-A-d.d.itioneil Opinions as, to Their Value "by ''State Educators.
tutes are of inestimable value to those
teachers who are hunting for the bet
ter way.' The best results are secured
where; five : or six ; contiguous counties
hold their institutes at the. same Ulnae
for several days and then adjourn. to a
central place for, the remainder of the
week. In this way some of the cap
tains of ; education from different": fields
are secured and they bring to the rank
and ; file; of teachers the same con
fidence," courage, enthusiasm arid 1 liri-'
pulse for achievement which a great
general, brings -to an army. "¦
"If ail the institutes in California are
equal!; in"; merit to those held In
southern ; part of the State, the people
as a whole get more from the institutes
than they give for them.".:
V The views of James D.~ Graham, the
Pasadena Superintendent,; ¦ are ; con
tained in the statement that: "The
present manner : of "conducting: insti
tutes is valuable to the teachers, in that
it gives them inspiration that comes
from , hearing 'speakers ; and lecturers
who are experts on ! , the various * sub- .
jects on which they are talking; also
by bringing J the .teachers ;' together they
gain much'; by exchanging views - with
those » who tare doing similar \<work. ¦ : ¦
¦ "Possibly, if ; institutes could be con
ducted ; after the mariner of :•' summer
schoola, having few subjects well pre-
Professor Elmer E. Brown of the de
partment of education In the State Uni
versity believes that to a resourceful
superintendent institutes prove to be "a
flexible and useful institution. The
Napa County Institute of the current
week is cited as an example. In their
sessions a series of lessons has been
given on United States history,' one
on the itudy of James Russell Lowell
and a third on professional problems.
All of this, work was conducted by pro
fessors from the two universities, is a
continuation of similar • lessons at the
last institute and is based on studies
EVERT California teacher
knows that the maintenance
of the Teachers' Institute, or
the substitution by a superior
mode of Instruction, is of vital
importance to the educators
of this State. It is evident from what
has recently been published in The Call
that marked dissatisfaction on one side
end extreme opinions . on both sides
prevail on this subject among educa
tional workers. As out of a liberal, dis
cussion of the merits of prevailing
methods and those which may be de
vised come possible way to. better con
ditions may be found. The Call is glad
to present soonte additional views of
thOEe who are closely identified with
the work.
tion « by. saying: "In . the absence of
something better, . I ' strongly i believe in
teachers' institutes as they, are now
conducted. It would be a serious blow
to our schools were they dropped with
nothing substituted for them. ' But in
this age of centralization there is a
chance for more efficient work to be
done along this line. Were it possible
to form district teachers' summer
schools, a- district to be limited to say. ;
approximately, 500 teachers, the same
energy now given in many cases, to in
stitutes of seventy or 'eighty teachers
if trebled would '„ be sufficient for * the
said 500. Then ; allow, such schools to
continue In session . for at least , four
weeks, the expenses of teachers while
attending the same to be borne by the
State. Attendance being compulsory
upon all teachers, and . certain definite
work to be done by them, upon which
credits would -be given. All credits so
made to be kept on file t in such ? form
that school officers could con^plt them
when desired. ! Institute ; expenses; in
this county ; are about $20 per ; teacher,
while the plan- suggested Jwould- cost
much less in proportion. 1 '
> P. W. Kauffman, Superintendent of
Pomona Schools, contributes . his
ion by saying: \"My. observation in
Southern ¦'California y foH fifteen 'years
leads me to believe that teachers' lnstl-
maintained since then by the teachers.
Such instruction is of vital worth.
Professor Brown offers as suggestions
for the general improvement of, insti
tutes that some of the lectures be
based cm carefully directed studies of
the teachers during the preceding year;
and, that a portion of the institute time
be given to discussion '. by. the teachers
of real oroblems In school work. He
emphasizes the urgent need of the-em
ployment of a deputy county superin
tendent in the larger counties to visit
the schools continually for the special
purpose of the Improvement of teaching
along the newer "or more difficult lines
of instruction. By such helps the coun
try teacher realizes some of the advan
tages which are constantly enjoyed) by
the' city teacher in- conferences w^ith
the supervisors .of special subjects.
Still further, Professor Brown deems
it possible that university extension
may be so directed as to co-operate
effectively with the institutes. He also
thinks that the experiment' should be
tried of securing in agricultural coun
ties such effective co-operation between
teachers* institutes and farmers' insti :
-tutes that the work of the schools and
the farmers should come into more in
timate ; relations: -;••-.
C. N. Shane, Superintendent of Placer
County, reports his views on this ques-
sen ted to the teachers of various
grades^ new subjects or new ¦ methods
of I presenting them • might be given to
the' teachers of the county as a varia
tion from the present method and be
satisfactory, 'but I would not ' advocate
a vpermanlent' change from the present
plan."'"
,, • Hugh J*. : Baldwin, Superintendent of
San* Diego County, states that, "The
economic and educational value of the
annual county institutes has been a
source of considerable discussion in the
county, institutes of the State and •¦ in
the annual gatherings of the' Calif ornia
Teachers' , Association. In each place
strong arguments are presented both
for. and against, usually ending the de
bated by referring the matter to a com
mittee that never reports.
"In analyzing the school system of
this State and { on tracing the sources
that >have evolved : our excellent edu
cational institutions, one can; readily
discover, the great mission that" the
county^ Institute has filled. It /has
assisted in developing many of the
strong - features ; of the system and a
professional spirit seldom met with
outside : of California. This evolution
hag;caused jus to outgrow Jt. The;gar
ment no longer fits. The; teachers ;as
a body are ¦ hungry for /educational . food
arid the county, institute does r not r satls
factorilyj supply ' it. • The personnel \ of
"County Boards of Education are rep
resentative bodies, already vested with
large discretionary powers, and should
be duly authorized to make such, ex
emptions. The summer normal at San
Jose has been a signal success and oth
ers should be established. In the. near
future let a permanent normal be or
ganized at Fresno, or some other point,
for the benefit t>f that great area now
destitute of normal facilities. The an
nual saving of the State's money -by
suspending the institutes held in the
San .Joaquin Valley, will 'alone 'provide
for a large part of its support. It. will
be said that this plan of exemption in
volves a radical change. ; Be ., it: «o.' I
hope that a better plan may be found."
Doubtless, for some time to come lome
of the counties, especially the mountain
counties, will need the peculiar advan
tages which Institutes bestow. Thl«
fact, however, should not militate
against a change being made by those
counties which .demand it I propose
that the school law be so amended as
to allow the exercise of the principle
of local option. Let the amendment
provide that any county shall be ex
empted from holding Institutes when
Its Board of Education shall prescribe
attendance by all of the regular teach
ers of that county for four or six
weeks, once in two years, at a summer
normal . or university school. Said at
tendance, after a stated period, to be
declared, with certain possible ex
ceptions, a prerequisite to the grant
ing of a county certificate.
the teaching force of this State is too
weir prepared for the old regime con
templated by the law now on the'stat
ute ; books. The State teachers' associ
ations and the summer schools under
the management of the universities
furnish mental equipment for our
teachers far beyond the possibility of
the county institutes of the day." The
county Institutes have well filled the
pioneering in the evolution of ' the
school system of the State. Now we
want something greater and higher."
A correspondent who wishes his name
to be withheld ¦ writes that he is : one
of those who believe that : teachers* in
stitutes have proved * of incalculable
benefit . to ; the school interests of Cali
fornia. Yet, in his opinion, the time Is
ripe for a partial 'change in the law
which sustains them. He claims that
the institute provisions of the school
law were framed for a different period,
refers to the failure' of many institutes
to' afford instruction to teachers, men
tions that the summer, schools furnish
invaluable stimulus and knowledge and
vigorously protests against allowing
this statute to remain in force for all
parts of ;the State;
He f adds: "Dismiss, then, the idea
that : the institute ' provisions must ' be
uniform -in their-. bearing throughout
the State. v As well : might the inhabi
tantsof ; Sarr Francisco, whose ocean
breezes compel t V use of Warm cloth
ing, contend for , uniformity lot wearing
apparel in California. Educational con
ditions in Calif ornia are widely variant.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1904.
"Most iv th' oF married
men I know threat their
wives like a rockin' chair —
a great comfort whin they're
tired, but apt to be in th'
way at other times.
"It might be different if
th' ladies, instead iv bein'
secured fr life, was on'y
held on a short-term lease."
TREATMENT OF WIVES.
"I don't know how men
propose. I niver thried it
but wanst, an' th' hired girl
said th' lady was not at
home.
"Most married men give
ye th' impressyon that their
wives stole thim fr'm their
agonized parents.
I "In me heart I think if
people marry it ought to be
f'r life. Th' laws ar-re alto
gether too lanient with thim.
ART OF PROPOSING.
4 6 \ . X 7 HO is George Meredith?"
\ /\ I aske< * r - Hennessy.
\y \ I "Ye can search me,"
<• T V said Air. Dooley. "What
is th* charge again him?"
"NawthinV said Mr.
Hennessy, "but I see he's in favor iv short
term man-edges."
"What d'ye mean?" asked Mr. Dooley.
"Reducin" th T term f r good behavyor?"
"No," said Mr. Hennessy. "He says peo
ple ought to get marrid f'r three or four
years at a time. Thin if they don't like
each other or if wan gets tired, they break
"Well," said Mr. Dooley, "it mightn't be
a bad thing. Th' throuble about mathri
mony as I have observed it fr'm me seat in
th' gran' stand is that afther fifteen or
twinty years it settles down to an endur
ance thrile. 'Women,' as Hogan says, 'are
creatures iv such beaucheous mien that to
be loved they have but to be seen, but/ he
says, 'wanst they're seen an' madeiecure/
birthday came around, an* ivry time th*
annyvarsary iv th' wcddin' occurred he'd
have a firewurruks display fr'm th* front
stoop. Whin he'd succeeded in convincin'
th' objeck iv his affictions that she cud
put up with him Fr another five years they
cud go on th?ir weddin' journey. Y'*!d
read in th' pa-apers, 'Misther an* Mrs.
Archybald Pullets were marrid again las'
night be th' president iv th' First Naytional
Bank. They departed on their twelfth wed
din' journey, followed be a shower iv
rice fr'm their grandchilder.' It wud be
fine. I hope George What's-his-name puts
it through."
"Ye don't believe wan wurrud ye say,"
said Mr. Hennessy.
"P'raps not," said Mr. Dooley. "In me
heart I think if people marry it ought to
be f'r life. Th' laws ar-re altogether too
lenient with thim."
23BUNDAY. OCTOBER 23*
Eun rlsea ......6:28
Bun «ets ..........'. ..5:23
Moon seta .....6:27 a, m.
O Time ' iTlmel ITltne r Time
» Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft..
o JL W 1H W| llTWI H W
23 7-1S 1.8 10:42 5.11 4:63 0.8 11:32 4.8
24 4:45 2.0 11:02 6.2 5:25 0.5
H W iLW III W I, W
25 0:14 .4.6 6:17 2.2111:28 6.2 6:02 0.2
26 0:56 4.4 6:50 2.6111:55 5.3 6:42 01
27, 1:44 4.2 6:28 2.7|l2:30 5.2 7:27 olo
• JCOTB-^In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tide* are given > in, the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence at to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide. of the
day." except' when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts; except when a minus ( — ) •
sign precede* the height, and then the number
la addition • to the cargo previously reported
the ateamer, Ventura, which sailed on Thurs
day for Sydney, and way parts, carried 100 c«
clrarettea; and 21 pkt? machinery, valued at
SS2.K81. consigned to Xew Zealand, aad 88
pkgs machinery, 10 cs boots and thoea, IB
pk*s typewriters and parts end 1 bait duck,
vaiued at J4006. tor Australia.
The British chip Glenburn wa* cleared yes
terday for Uverpool with 59,214 ca canned
ealmon. 4825 ca canned fruit. 369.TC8 lbs tal
low and 33, 1C0 lbs caseaxat valued at 2ZS2.S57.
. «
Additional Cargo.
A Cargo for Liverpool.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The British bark KlMalton (on Puget
Sound) U chartered for wheat, thence to Eu
rcz*> at 28a 3d.
The British ship Port Caledonia Is chartered
for ]utnber from Pur*t Sound to Melbourne at
Sis 3d; schooner Glen, eame business, from
this port to,L* Pa*, Mexico, at $7.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlfsion-ctreet wharf) about 23
minutes later -than at' Fort Point: the- height
of tide la the came at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Tine and Height of High and Low Waters
¦t Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Euperlritcndent •
Son, Moon and Tide.
NEWS OP TliE OCEAX.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
builfilng was dropped exactly at. noon to-day —
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. xn. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
**:". Lieutenant, U. S. N,. in charge.
Branch Hydrographic . Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. CaL.
October 22. 1904.
Time Ball.
The British- ship. Poltallock came
down yesterday from Selby's and an
chored eff the Rlsdon Iron Works.
The German bark Steinbek is at pier
4 and the French bark Bldart at pier
22. The ship A. J. Fuller Is at Butch
ertown and the ship Servia from Kar
luk is In quarantine for fumigation
The Oriental and Occidental liner
Doric will arrive from China mnd Japan
to-morrow forenoon. The Pacific Mail
steamships China and Algoa will sail
for the Orient Tuesday.
Water Front Xotes.
A delegation of 700 Knights of Co
lumbus from San Francisco and Oalc
land will go to Vallejo to-day on the
eteamer H. J. Corcoran. They will
assist In the organization of > a new
council of the order in Vallejo. The
Corcoran will leave from the foot of
Clay street.
Columbus Knights at Vallcj'o.
Some idea of the steam trade of
this port can be formed from the rec
ord of steamer departures yesterday.
Thirteen vessels went out — City of Pe
king for Panama, Queen for Victoria,
Montara for Seattle and Tacoma, W.
H. Kruger and Aurelia for Portland,
Mandalay for Crescent City, Elizabeth
for Coquille River, Corona for Eu
reka, James S. Higgins for Fort
Bragg. Argo for Eel River ports. Point
Arena for Mendocino, San Pedro for
Los Angeles ports and Bonlto for
Newport.
Steamer Departures.
i • TO ARRIVE. ;
' Steamer. From. I Due.
Elizabeth Coquille River ..." 'oct. 23
Chico Ooqullie River Oct. 23
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 23
San Pedro Humboldt iOct. 2:;
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford'Oct. 23
F. Leggett jMumboldt IOct. 23
Chehalis Grays Harbor !Oct. 23
Coos Bay I gan Pedro &. Way Pts. Oct. 23
Breakwater... Coos Bay Oct. 23
Arctic Humboldt ..Oct. 23
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 23
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 23
City Putbla... Pxiget Sound Ports Oct. 23
Sequoia Willapa Harbor./ jOct. 24
Iaqua Portland & Astoria IOct. 24
C. Nelson San Pedro !Oct. 24
Xewburg I urays Harbor, IOct. 24
Norwood Seattle Oct. 21
Redondo Portland & Astoria. ...Oct. 21
Centralia San Pedro [Oct. 24
S.Monica Grays Harbor Oct. 24
Doric China & Japan Oct. 24
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 24
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 25
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 23
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Oct. '23
Alanrda Honolulu Oct. 25
City Panama.. New York via Ancon.. Oct. 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 26
Corona Humboldt Oct. 20
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 27
Bonita Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Oct. 27
Kama Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.jOct. 27
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... |Oct. 1*8
North Fork... Humboldt i Oct. 31
Columbia Portland & Astoria jOct. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. IOct. 31
Rainier Seattle & Beilingham.. !Oct. 31
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma (Nov. 2
Aurelia. ...... Portland & Astoria. ...| Nov. 2
Acapulco New York via Ancon. .INov. 2
Qu«;n Puget Sound Ports.... | Nov. 2
TO BAIL. ¦
Eteamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 23.
W. Kruger.. Portland direct ... 1 pm Pier 2
Montara.... Seattle & Tacoma. 4 pm PIt 9
San Pedro... Los Angeles Ports. 7 pm Pier 2
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2/
6. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
J October 24.
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
S. Barbara. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
S. Monica... Los Ar.geles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 25.
Alliance.... ¦ Eureka & Coos B. 11' am Pier 16
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... S pm Pier "0
Chico j Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
K. Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier S
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler .6
China China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Algoa China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 26.
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
. October 27.
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Norwood.... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier °
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cat. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 28.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg.... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
October 29.
Point Arena. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda.... Honolulu n am Pier 7
G, W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose.... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
- October 30.
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. & pm Pier 20
November 1.
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE. ." .
Eteamer. • Destination. Sails.
Dolphin....... Skagway & Way "Ports. Oct. 23
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 21
Jefferson Skagway. & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Faralton Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Santa Clara... Seldovla & Way *»orts.. Nov. 1
¦ A. married man is always telling his
w.lfe how healthful housework is.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Haight & Masonic av.-
The United States training ship
Buffalo, formerly the El Cid and lat
er the Brazilian dynamite cruiser
Xictheroy, is on her way to this port
from Honolulu. She has a large num
ber of trained landsmen which will
be transferred to the battleship Ohio,
completing that vessel's complement
of crew. It was the intention of the
Navy Department at one time to send
the Buffalo to the Atlantic for new
boilers, of which she is much in need,
but the orders for that long Journey
have been changed. The department
•was not sure tii vessel could make
that distance in her present condition,
so the boilers will be built at Mare
Island navy yard and the vessel kept
on this coast as a recruit schoolship
for the Pacific fleet. The boilers wiiS
cost more than % 120,000, all of the
•work being done by the Mare Island
mechanics and the material being sent
to this coast from the East.
Xew Boilers for Buffalo.
Mary B. Templeton, department in
spector of the Women's Relief Corps,
paid an *j official r visit : a few evenings
ago to Lincoln Corps of that order in
its hall in the Pioneer building". She
was received by a large number of
members and was also greeted by
many' visitors' from other subordin
ates. The "inspector was generous in
her praise of the work of the entire
membership In assisting the Civil War
veterans during the last twelve
months. Department Secretary Cyn
thia Clapp and Past President Cora
B/' Merrltt, who .accompanied the in
spector, were also loud in praise of
the good work, of Lincoln Corps. This
organization will hold a rummage sale
this week to increase its fund for the
sick and distressed.' . ,
For Sick Soldiers.
Hutton Case Hangs Fire.
The argument on the petition fora
writ of mandamus to compel the May
or to appoint a successor to Police
Commissioner H. W. Hutton was re
sumed before Judge Lawlor yesterday.
Attorney George D. Collins replied to
Assistant City Attorney Partridge and
Partridge asked for and was granted
five days in which to answer Collins!
"Mothers are so dense," complained a
girl to-day.. "Mine comes; in the/ par
lor when I have callers and stays and
stays and. stays." .
.George Monnier Jr., who says he is
¦the -son -of -.the -late -George Monnier,
whose will .is now - undergoing a
searchlight process before Superior
Judge." Coffey, played a new role-yes
terday. He appeared before the ex
amining board of, physicians on* in
sanity - at- the- - City . - Hall - to testify
against, his mother-in-law. Mrs. Isa
bella HehrA\ jwho /resides at.865; Eliz
abeth strelt. Ttfls ! 411«gea by f: the
woman's 'husband;* A.'. 1 . K. Henry; Ed
Dell/ Elmer Henry, and' Mrs. Monnier
that " Mrs. Henry ; is dangerously In
sane and I should be confined : . where
she ; cannot^ injure herself or r others.
After -a portion of the evidence had
been; heard further ..proceedings were
continued until ¦ to-morrow. Mrs.
Henry .will be detained at the Emer
gency Hospital subject; to medical ob
servation. '..'¦¦'- '¦-'¦ •
Young Mohnier.in New Role.
The cabin passengers for this coast
were as follows: L. Davidson, Mrs. M.
Girard, S. M. Cole, Mrs. Frank Gard
ner, A- March isini, W. B. Lawrence,
J. H. McGuire, H. C. Beatty, G. Trues
dell. H. C. Carpe.
For New York: Mrs. S. Vail, Mrs.
Jeff Bollon, G. L. Conklin and wife,
H. Hesse, J. Mehringer, Mrs. A. Win
don.
The Pacific Mail steamship City of
Peking sailed yesterday noon for Pana
ma and way ports. She had consider
able cargo for the Mexican and Cen
tral American coasts and some through
freight for the Atlantic.
City of Peking Sails.
Movements of Steamers.
To New York — 188.714 gals wine. 40.403 lbs
b?ans, 6S.02S lbs wool, 81 pks cattle horns, 20
flasks quicksilver, 627 lbs lead dross, 250. bales
junk.
To Ecuador — 150 bb'.s flour, 60 cs salmon, 1
bdl brooms.
To FYance — 03 cs shells.
To Panama — 1175 bbls flour, 3897 lbs sugar,
15o pkgs potatoes, 120 crts onions, 1000 lbs
dried flsh, 125 cs canned goods, 735 gals wine,
17,808 ft lumber. 4000 lbs cement, 5 bdls
brooms, 12 cs scap. 3 cs paint, 3 coils rope.
To Colombia— 1B3 bbls flour. 11,311 lbs sugar,
11<>9 pals wine. 12 cs canned goods.
To Central America— 2504 bbls flour. 2609
sals 33 cs wine, 5437 ctls corn, 10,845 lbs
i beans, 60.UCO lbs salt. 25 gals brandy, 13 cs
mlreral water, 15 pkRs fresh fruits, 1940 lbs
lard, CO cs whisky, 85,423 lbs rice. 474 lbs
cheese. 1K10 lbs codfish, 76 cs canned goods,
598 lbs dried fruit. 489 lbs 4 cs raisins. 234
lbs bread. 345 lbs hams. 257 pkgs potatoes, 37
pkss beer. 1800 lbs spices, 73 pkgs grocerias
and provisions. .
The steamer City of Peking sailed yesterday
.for the Isthmus of Panama and way ports
with a general merchandise cargo" valued at
(130,977, to be distributed as follows: For
Mexico, $13,284; Central America. $34,577;
Panama, $6649; Colombia, $2144; New York,
$70.b55; Ecuador, ?76S; France. $2500; Eng
land. $150; Germany, $50. The following were
the leading exports :
To Mexico— 54,452 ft. lumber, 100 flasks
quicksilver. 10.U00 lbs cement, 520 bdls shookb,
7631 lbs tallow, 8 cs cotton, tt pkgs dry goods,
4 bars steel, 17 bdls pipe, 179 crts flre brick.
40 cs fire clay, 25 pkgs tank material, 29 cs
boots and shoes, 75 pkgs paper, 84 bdls bags.
26 pkes nails, 12 cs machinery, 61 bars 3
bdls iron, 12 pkgs paints and oils; C pkgs
drugs, 55a gals 3 cs wine, 29 gals 1 cs whisky,
ICO pkgs potatoes, 145 pkgs fresh fruits, 48
pkgs groceries and provisions, 775 lbs dried
fruit. 22 cs canned goods, • 318 lbs ham and
bacon. 751 lbs butter, 50 cs oniens, 3 cs sal
mon.
Exports by Panama Steamer.
. Admiral V "Walker.. ; of the Panama
Canal ; Commission i- cabled yesterday' to
ithe ' Beilingham 'Bay Improvement
Company's office in this city that the
company \ has been awarded "the con
tract for supplying 2,028,000 feet of Ore
gon Pine • lumber for the Interoceanic
waterway, at Panama, ' This is regard
ed as a triumph for a Pacific . Coast
concern over Eastern rivals.. In addi
tion to the Beilingham Bay Improve
ment Company there were bids'sub
mitted by the. Texas and Georgia 1 , in
terests represented by the East 'Coast
Lumber Company, a powerful ¦'. and
large combination. '
'award, is 'considered a favorable
sign that the Pacific Coast will be're
garded favorably by the Panama. Canal
Commission r in the making of contracts
for needed supplies. The lumber to be
furnished by, the Beilingham Bay com
pany is valued, at about $40,000.,, Much
larger orders . will undoubtedly '. be
placed before many months have
passed. ' : ' . " . . ' . .. .
¦-. The first. consignment of lumber is to
be used in the construction of houses
and . wharves at Ancon, the Pacific
Coast end of the canal zone. iThereis
a considerable demand for timbers as
long as 32. feet,. which can be used for
the capping of wharves. The provision
for house lumber j indicates that no
timeiwill be. lost by the Panama;Canal
Commission in providing accommoda
tions on the Pacific Coast end of the
canal for the engineers and others-who
are to have charge of the construction
work. ;'. -? • . • ¦}.*'** ¦ . ¦ •
The contract includes a clause mak
ing it obligatory that ;the. first, instia.ll
rnent of the lumber shall be shipped to
Ahcoh" not later than.twenty. days.after
the award/ The entire lot must.be for-
Avarded within fifty days from sjgning
of coritraet. The Kosnios Steamship
linewill be the- carriers. __-,-.
"Fruit conditions in California at the
present time are at a somewhat low
ebb, .owing to the disorganized'condi
tion, of the growers. How to remedy
this will be the great subject to come
up for consideration at the convention.
This is a vital matter and one in which
every fruit grower in California is di
rectly interested. • A. harmonious or
ganization, by which the various grow
ers can work together, means success
in their. business and a. fair profit for
their labors. Failing in this, ruin
stares' them'ih- the face." Realizing this
condition, the fruit growers are mov
ing to attend this, convention in large
numbers, and .it unquestionably will be
the- most important and best attended
that has ever, been held in .the State.
'.'Every < possible arrangement has
been -.made \ "for the., -comfort of the
guests. •• As, /the , convention is , to be
held *1n '. tlys,- most, central part of the
State; within easy reach of all sections,
and as the railroads are lending every
aid in the matter of bringing the fruit
growers together on this occasion, we
may safely look for, a very large gath
ering and from the deliberations of the
"members . of this convention we may
hope to bririg ; the fruit. industry out of
its present-slough and put it once more
upon a paying basis. It is to the in
terest of every -fruit -grower in Cali
fornia^ to be present at this con
vention." ": ' '
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 22.— The State
'Horticultural" Commission 'has issued
the following circular in connection
»with' the "' J . convention of fruit growers
to be held at San Jose: '
¦ "Very •' complete arrangements are
being made for. holding the next Fruit
Growers'. Annual Convention, (the thir
tieth) at San Jose. The convention will
open on Tuesday, December 6, and con
tinue until Friday, the 9th. The Uni
tarian church, one of the best build
ings in San Jose", has been secured for
the' purpose. Arrangements have been
made I of a public reception, to the at
tendants at the convention and provi
sions, have also . been .made with the
hotels for : reduced rates to members,
while the railroads will issue excursion
tickets to all wishing to attend.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
State: ¦ Horticultural Com
mission Arranges for the
Comfort of the Delegates
ari^ ¦Houses Soon to
| Ee Built at Western End
of Contiriehtal Waterway
CONTK AGT 'IS AWARDED
The British ship Andreta, another
overdue, arrived at Falmouth, Eng
land, from Sydney, Australia. She -wag
out 171 days — a trip that is usually
made in from 100 to 120 days. Her
rates of reinsurance arose from 10 to
LO per cent, eo sure were the specu
lators that she had foundered some
where on the ocean. Her appearance
yesterday at Falmouth, even after her
owners had lost all hopes of her safety,
was a surprise to them and a disap
pointments to others who played on
her possible destruction.
The Andreta sailed from Sydney
January 20 and ten days later encoun
tered a gale that almost finished her.
The vessel was thrown on her beam
ends and lay with the starboard rail
under water for twenty-four hours. To
right the ship the captain cut away
the fore topmast which falling over
board carried the main topmast with
it. In her half-wrecked condition the
vessel put back to Sydney. The fore
mast, which was found to have been
sprung in the storm, was taken out
and repaired. The Andreta sailed again
April 10 and going round the Horn
struck another spell of bad weather.
In her weakened state but little sail
could be carried. She finally worried
out of the belt of storms and under
thoit canvas literally crawled to her
home port.
The German ship Sirene is yet out
with an increased reinsurance of S5
per cent. She is 145 days from Liver
pool to Valparaiso.
Two of the lonff overdue ships have
arrived at their ports of destination
and tho»e who played them not to ar
rive have lost. The Rosalia d'Ali,
¦which has been out for the unusually
long period of 157 days from New
Caledonia to Delaware Breakwater,
suddenly appeared in port. Calms,
head winds and other unfavorable
Tieather delayed her. The reinsurance
was 6 per cent.
Ing the following: 1368 bbls flour, C2.200 lbs
rice. 4324 lbs tugar, 444 ctls barley. !U ctls
wheat. SO bales hay. 10,868 lbs bran. 30.789 lbs
1S7 cs bread. 93C3 Iba beans, 20.752 lbs salt,
830 lbs codfish. I 4G9 lbs f resh meat. 158 pkgs
i>otatoes. 71 pkgs onions, 4311 gals wine, 9
pkgs beer, 12O pkgs frefh fruits, 37 pkgs fresh
veeetableB. 773 lbs drivd fruit. 309 cs 00 pkgs
salmon. «JI lbs cheese, 29 pkgs table prepara
tions, 184 cs canned goods, til pkgs groceries
and provisions, 1619 lbs lard, 91,204 ft lumber.
91 rkis do' goodx, 188 bxs soap, 180 ¦ bdls
shooks, 4 roils leather, 52 cs coal oil, 26 pkgs
•iruKrs. 9 bills oars, 35 coils wire, 30 coils rope,
4* pkgs paints and oils, 5 pkga machinery. ~*
VXZS nails, 23 pkss tewing machines. 25 \ ca
boots and shoes. C bdls 21 pes pipe. 24 pes 2
bdls doors, 8 bdls 18 bars iron, 10 bdls steel.
25 bxs candles, 22 boiler tubes, 88 pkgs wagon
material, -24 pkzs paper.
AX IMPORTANT AFFAIE
Thirtieth Annual Meeting
of Fruit .Growers of Cal
ifornia to Be Held Soon
Lofty. Pine Trees of North
\ Supply ,First 3Iaterials to,
Build iii ;the Canal Z6n<e
United States Training Ship Buffalo, Bound
for this Port, Will Have Her New Boilers
Built at Mare Island Instead of the East
OCEAN STEAMERS.
" QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 22— Stmr
c P e e d o>d fr ° m NCW York for Llvcr P°°l.>nd prof
• Saturday,-)) l ') r '"-•' I
Stmr FA Kilburn. Thonlpsort "« Itrilt from
Port Rojrcrs. ". •¦¦/••, .'
Stmr James S Higgins, Hlsglas -T >ofra'
from San ' Pedro. •
Stmr Gualala, Kalnln, 12 hours' (rum Delmar
Landing. - • - • — » -. — rrj
- Stmr Columbia. Doran. 64 hours frirri Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours. ¦ ' •'•»•¦- j N
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. 2-t hours from.
Port Harford. - . . , • . : . " ¦" ' -• . :
Stmr Newport, Corning. 7 hour* from Pigeon
Point. , ¦..¦:•,. :• .-> ,. .... ,
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 14 hours j from
Caspar. ¦-¦•.• ¦.,-..¦ ?
Stmr Santa' Barbara,' I Zaddart, 20 j hours i fm
Port Harford. . ' ¦ ' • V ' ¦'
Stmr Brooklyn. Carlson,' 14 hours from. Men.
doclno.
Schr Newark. P.einertsen. 13. hours from
Bowens Landing... ¦ ¦¦¦ .
Schr Roy Someri. Solland, 10 days fm Grays
Harbor. . . • . . ¦ • ' . - . .
CLEARED. ' ' • ; •' "¦
' Saturday, | October 22. 1 ¦¦¦.
Stmr City of Peking. Roblnaon. Ancon, etc;
Pac Mail S S Co. ¦ . / . .- • -;? •»•! '
Stmr Corona, Olelow. Eureka; Pac Coast
S S Co. ' -
Stmr Montara, , Rellly. Seattle ; Pac Coast 8
S Co. . : ¦ ..¦••-¦'
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; S F and
Portland S S Co. ' ' : :..
Br ship Glenburn. Johnston, Liverpool Bal
four, Guthrle & Co. ¦ ' ¦. ¦ • . / -, y
Schr Stanley, Wallstedt, Pirate Cove; Union
Fish Co.
¦ SAILED. ; ,• . \ . .
Saturday, October 22.
Eti-nr Bonita.- Leland, San Pedro etc. • •:•*¦¦
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs. Tacoma.
Stmr Queen. Thomas Victoria. .-< ¦
•Stmr City of Peking, Robinson. Ancon. ete.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvig, Hardy Creek.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, Eureka. • '¦
Br stmr Wellington, Cutler, Ladysmlth, B C.
Schr Coquelle. Spring, Coqullle River. ; ,
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson. Boltnas. - '
Schr Zampa, Kallenberg, Grays Harbor. ¦
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— 3 P. M. , ' .
Stmr Arcata. • ¦¦ . • ; • i
TELEGRAPHIC. '-'. i ' \ '
POINT LOBdS— Oct 22, . 3 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 4 miles per -hour."
DOMESTIC PORTS. -. \.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 21— Bktn J M
Griffith, for Port Hadlock; .' stmr Samoa, for
Sa n Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 22." 4 a m— Stmr
City of Seattle, from Skagway. - .
Sailed Oct 22— gtmr Cottage City; for Skag
way. • • . ¦ • . . . . , . ¦ ,
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 22— Schr Taurus. -for
San Pedro;- stmr Iaqua,- for San Francisco;
echr Annie Larsen. for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 22— Schr Alvena. for
Everett. " .... , ¦ '. . ¦
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Oct 22— Br ship
Sokoto. from Hongkong. • ... ..
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed- Oct 22— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Frcncisco.
EASTERN PORTS. ' .
NORFOLK— Arrived Oct 21— Br stmr Craig,
neuk. from Colon. . ' ' ; - -
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Oct
22— ltal bark Rosalie de AH, from New Cale
donia. • ¦• ¦ . i ' ¦
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 20— Br Btmr 'African
Prince, for 'New York. -.,.-.. . .
Arrived Oct 21— Br stmr' Sellasla, from
Newcastle, Aug.- -¦ •..;¦¦¦. , <¦¦
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON-<rrived'Oct 18— Strar AUlanca; fm
New York. ,
Sailed Oct 19— Stmr Yucatan, - for" New
York. •
FALMOUTH— Arrived Oct - -21— Br- ship
Hougomont. from Tacoma; Oct 22 — Br shlD
Andreta. from • Sydney. St* 1 • ¦
PORT SAID— Sailed Oct 21— Br ttmr Heath,
craip, for Delaware Breakwater. • .
VALPARAISO— Sailed Oct 7— Ger stmr
Pentaur. for Hamburg . • • • •
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Oct 21— Sch r Watson
A West, for Newcastle, Aus
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 21— Ger ship Alice
for San Francisco. '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 22— Strar
Hyades. from Seattle ¦ - -¦ • - - ¦
MAZATLAN— Sailed Oct 20— Stmr Curacao
for San Francisco. ¦
NAGASAKI-Salled Oct , 22— U S stmr
Thomas, for San Francisco via Honolulu?
ARRIVED.
given Is . subtracted from th* «l-p*.h plv«»n by
the charts. The plane of rti>i- r. • '!? ni-au
of the lower low Raters
SIIIPPIXG I VT I •¦l.l.lr
COAST LUMBER
WINS CONTEST
WILL CONVENE
AT SAN JOSE
SEVERAL OVERDUE VESSELS ARRIVE
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, i OCTOBER' 23, 1 904:
Merthandise {for • Tahiti
The rttur.tr Moripcea, which sailed on
ThnnOmr tor TahiU. carried an assorted mer
¦fhii l n<3tf corjro. v^utd «4 $32,8&i, aa4 includ-
24
y^f~hT^. Tralnn le»re and »r« rtai»
/'v^fTrr> ; yN^ to arrive at
ffl^^^jzj 8AN FRANCISCO.
\w' ' * BOSI octo3x» ta. mo*.
\^-^^35fS/ First Dxror
\J/ <Toot of Market Street >
«•""« - MAIN LINE. -Aa«i7«
700a Vacarllle. Wiutera, Kautser 7 50(»
7.00a Benicla, Elmlra aod Sacramento.. 7-20?
7 30a Vallejo, Napa. Callstoga. Santa
Kosa, Martinez. Saa iiamon 6-20p
1 30a Ntlei.Tracy. Latarop, S'oci:on .... 7.20P
8 00a Sh«»t» Ezprens — (V!a DaTla).
WlUlatn*. Wlllowi. tFrnto. l:«i
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, SeaKla 7.50p
8 00a Davla. Woodland. Kntghta Landing.
MarrsTille. OroTllle 7-5JJP
8 30 a Martinez. Antiocn. Byron. Truey.
Stocktoa. Now mm. Loi Banot,
Mendota. Artnona, Hanford.
VlialU. PorterTtlle 4.20P
8 30a Tort Costa. Mnileita Merced.
Freaao. GnsDen Ju action. II in-
ford. Vtsalla. nalcersDeld 4.50P
8-30a Nile*, dan Jo««. Llrermore. Stock-
inn. (r*Mllton). lone. Sacramento.
Marfivllle. Chico. Ked BlaS .... 4ZQP
8 30a OalcJale. Chlnene. Jamestown. So- "
nor*. Tnolumne and Angels 4-ZOP
8 00a Atlantic Express— Otrden and Katt. 5 23p
. 8 .30A Richmond. Martlnes and Tfay „ *
Stations 850p
1000a The OrerUnd Limited — Oeden.
Omiiv Cblcaso. Denrer, Kansas
.«"«- City. St. Loota ,»30*
10.00a Valleji>_. 12.23P
10.00a Loj Angeles Passenger — Port .'.v.
Costa. Martlnei, Byron, Tracy.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced,
Itaymond. Frenno, Gostien Jane-
- tlon. Hanford. Lemoore, Visalia.
Bakernneld. Los Angeles 7.209
12.00m Hayward. Kllea and Way Stations. 3-2Ct>
ti-OOP Sacramento ItlTer Steamers TII.OOp
530p Benlcia. Winter*. Sacrament a, ¦ •
Woodland. Knighta Landing.
Maryirllle. Orovlils and way
sutiont 10.50a
.* 30p Harward.Nlles and Way Statlona.. 7.50p
3 30 p Port Co«ta, M artlnez. By ron.Tracy,
l.at hrop, Stockton. Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Coats 12-20P
4.00PMarUaez.aanUamon.ValleJo,Sapa,
C»ll»to»a, Santa Rosa 9 20a
4 OCp Sliea. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
43Cp Hay ward, .filet, lrrtngton. Sas) »3 50 a
Jote. Ltrennore | 111.50a
6 OCp The Owl Limited— N'e»m»n. Los
llanut. Menduia. Fresno. Tulira,
BakersSeId.LosAni{eIet ..: 8S0\
tS 30p Itayward. Mle> and San Jose 7.20a
60CPUayward. NUeaandSan Jot* 9 50a
SXOp Eastern Ezprecs— Omana. Chicago.
Denrer. Kumi City, St. Loala. .
Man Inez. Stockton. Sacramento,
Co'faz. l'.eno. Sparks, Montello,
Oitden 1250P
I.OOp Vallejo. daily, except Sunday.... t -, ¦.«_
700P Vallejo. Snn.lay only .....( 7B0P
7CCp hlchuiiind. San P.iiwo. Port Cotta,
_ MarUnes and Way Buttons 11.20a
7-OOPReno Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
ntcia. Sulsun. Elmlra. Ulxon.
Davis. Sacramento, Spark*. Tono-
pah. Kec'er *n<1 Way Statlona... 7.50a
8 05p Oregon A California Express— Sae-
ramesto, MarytTtlle. Reddloc.
¦ Purtlaml. Tnget Souud aad Eaat. 8-504
8-1 Op Havward. Niles and San Jose (Soar ¦
duTonlT) 11.50a
COAST LI N E (^arr-w Uaage).
¦ (Foot of Mnrkee Street.)
••16a Newark. iJenterTnie. San Jota.
Felton. Ronldcr Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 53p
t2-15P Newark. Centcrrllle. San Jota, >%?.-.-
New Almaden. Ln« Gatos. Felton, . .
Uoalder Creek. Santa eras and
Principal Way Station* tin 53 A
4. Up Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos... I
a9-3CP Hnntars' Train (Sstnrday only)—
San J«#e and Way Stations $7-25p
COAST LINE (Broad Uaax*).
pr < l'hlrd »nrt Town»«nd Streets.)
6-1 Oa San Joe ami Way Stations...-. 8 31p
70CA San Jo*e and Wmt Station* 5.40P
800a New Almaden (Tact.. Frld.. onty). 4.10P
800a The Coaater— Sas Jote. Saltnaa.
1 San Ardo, Paao Roblea. 6anU
Marearlta. San Lull Oblipo.
Uuadalnpe, Garlota, Santa Bar*
bira, San Buenaventura, Mon-
taivo. Oxnard. Burbank, Loa
Angeles. 19.30P
8.00a Gllror, llolll*ter. Caatro-ville. Del
Monte, Pacific Grore. Surf. Lon>
poc 10-30P
B.COa ban Jote. Tret Plnot.WaUonTllle.
Capltola. Santa Cruz, Pacific
Orore, Sallnaa San Luis Obltpo -
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10p
* 10.30a Ban Joae aad Kay Statlona. 1.20p
11 JCASan Joae aad Way SUilont 7.30^
2-1Bp San Jo*e aad Way Stations 8 38a
3X0pD*1 Monte Kxpreas— Santa Clara. .
h»n Jo«e. W« t»on rltif. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
. Pacific GroT© 12-ISp
t3-00P Lot Gatot. Wrirht. Boalder Creek.
Santa Cruz, rla SanU Clara and
Narrow Gauge 110.45a
3-30P Valencia St., South San Francisco,
Barllsmnie, San Joae, Gllroy, . •
llolllstv. TresPlnos 10 4"»a
430pPan Jo«e and Way Sutlons t8 00a
tSOOpSanU Clara, San Jo.e. Los Gatoa,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) tg flfj A
|6.30p SanJoieandPrincipalWarStatlon* 19.40a
b 48p Snoaet Kipres*.— Ked wood. San
Jq*e,Gnror.Saltna*,Paao Robte*.
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Lo» Angele*. Demtng. El Paso.
St.LODls. New Orleant, Xew York BIOa
5.4SpPajaro, WattonTille. Capttola.
. Santa Crux. CaatroTtUt, Del
Monte, Pacific Grore... 1030(»
18-1SPtai.Mateo.Beretford.Belmont.8aa
Carloa. liedwood. Fair Oaka. :
¦„ Mealo Park. Palo AHo t«.4 a A
6 30p San Joie and Way Statlona. > 8 33a
- • OOP Palo Alto and IVay SUUona 10.15a
11 .30p Sooth San Francisco. Mlllbraa.Bar-
Uncame, San Mateo, Beimoni
ban Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto « 45p
«1130p May field. Mountain View. Sunny- lo **"^
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and ¦
SanJoao.. t9.*Sf
.. AforMorttlac P for Aiiernooa.
1 Sunday excepted. . t Sunday onlr
•¦Saturday only. • Moaday only.
. ibivsa ar all stations oa Sunday^
MT; Tamalpais Railway
, Lr. Saa fnaeiico ir . fnnoic*
ii-oo A <J: o 5? a:33|P
1;45p l;4Sp y&jjVy 6:'J3p *****6:3*^'p*
Utwiirt 4:35p ' htsriin 11:13?
' *Tu Granr/ Car y, Kttaaalyafr ttKlllTifl»y
J»S^« i •SOMAWCKT S r., (North Shore Ra!lroadi
ITflCB J and Sausauto Fsxjiy. Foot Market Su
9 LIMITED TO CHic\-».O|
B LEAVES MONDAYS ;cd THURSDAYS ||
m at i):30 a. m.; tiroujh Is 3 dsys.B
m "With diner and all trapping*. g3
j Other Santa Fe Trains:
: J : 5? a> m 'l For Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleid.
1 S:C0p!mJ Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
!4:COp. m. For- Stockton.
; 8:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
; and Chicago.
i Ticket Offices— 641 Market et. and Ferry Depot.
i San Franclsco;..also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
| - land, Cal.': 'also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
; aUFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
j Tiburoa Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
! SAW FRANCISCO TO «•"- 1WAIL.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
;' 3:30. 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8.00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
j 5:C0, C:20. llioO p. m.
! SAN BAFAEI. TO SAN FKAWCISCO.
[ WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35, 7:50, 0:20. 11:15
1 a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:(O, 5:20 p. m.
• Saturdays — Extra trip/at 2:05 and t!:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. t»:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. .
• Lrt-ave I In Kfi'ect I Arrive
I San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. | San Fran.
; Week J Sun- I Destina- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. { Days^
I ~7:3Oa"8:00a J»:10a 8:40 a
j 0:30 a' Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
! 3:30p 3:30p <-,- - 6:05 p 6:20 p
I 5:10 p 5:C0p 7:35 p
j "7?3Oa 9:10 a 8:40 a
I S:00a Novato. 10:40 a 10:2O a
¦ 3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
! 5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
'. 7:30 a '' 10:40 a 10:20 a
• ¦¦ 8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
j 3:30p 3:30 p • ¦
j ¦ - Windsor. •
'"7:30a 8:C0a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20a
j Lytton.
• 3:30 p 3:30 p Geyaerville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
I - Cloverdale.
! 7:30 al 8:00 al Jlopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. |7:35p|«:2Op
i I I Winits and I I
I 7:30 a) 8:00 a| Sherwood. , | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
: "TTsOal 8:00 al " |10:4O"ail0:2O a
' 3:30 p! 3:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
! ~773O~ar$:<>Oal Sonoma, I 9:10 al 8:40 a
. 5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| C:20p
' "7:30 al 8:00 al ~" 110:40 ail0:2O a
j 3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. 1.7:35 pj 6:20 \>
I STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
i Qucntln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boono-
. ville and Greenwood: at Hcpland for Duncan
Springs. Htghtand Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. BarUett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at
, Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratcga Springs.
. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.. John Day's,
! Riverside, Lierly>. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
He>shts, Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
i Houoe. Comptche, Hopkins. Mendocino City.
: Fort Bragg. W»stport and Uaal; at Willlts tut
, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
i Bragg, Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummings,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Hubbard, Frultland.
i Dyer.-Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood, Scotia
¦ and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
1 duced ratesi
I On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all point*
j beyond San Rafael at half rates,
i Ticket office. C50 Market street. ChronlcU
building. ¦
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
H To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY;
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
"Via Siusallto Ferry
i SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
¦ Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7'03
7:45. 8:25, 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. i'li
• 4:35,; 3:15. 6:50. 6:30. 7:15, 9:00 and UU»
• p. m.
' Arrive at -San r Francisco, daily, -. at td:40
7:35 8:15. 8:50, 8:35, 10:50 a. m.; 1:30, 2-55'
4:25| 5:05, 6:42. 6:22. 6:57, 7:40 and ll:li
p. m. ' •
tDally except Sunday. 0
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a.m.; also Sat-
urdays at 8:15 p. m., and dally except Satur-
day ami Sunday at 5:15 p. m. •
, THKOUGH TRAINS.
¦ .7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero aod way statlona.
• 3:15 p. m., Saturdays only— For Cazadero,
etc. .SffBSty O*C9BWByMa^tS3S3> )W0tld
. 8:15 p. in., dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day.' for Tomales, etc. -
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
pBOE
;i6 Pages. $1 pcrYcan
.-, All Good Housewives .¦
TJse Leslie Sterilized Salt on table.' It's pure.'
Runs freely. 'Does'.nofclosr. It's the ideal 'salt.*
¥M — ,-*"*%' ME3T. EEHEW YOTTR "VTOOK —^Ther© Is no \ Z A
ebl tf£Pri^fa[*^\ reason for any man continuing to be a weak- Rtf
mM line — to be without bounding strength and vl- fig,
|*M t&lkf&ir i rillty. No matter of how lonjr standing your \,.\
Brl i?K«»r A complaint may be — no matter how deep rooted frj?
K9 wM?' : y^*"*^ you may deem it — I can make you a perfect i-|
KB Bf' < *»fe *$$ V? man. The energies of ray lifetime have been bent r ; j
l*'il IfV \ ' \I toward the end which I have now attained — J- }
Et-# \>* m /^K} tne perfecting of a system by which men can oA
Wn %^l1t"'i be unfailingly restored to that lusty health gj
K^3 1 'W4f***&&S^ vrlth which nature endowed them. During my ga
ft^ t collegiate career my studies were concentrated ?; I
WM A^~S^>mMj3 on the diseases of men. My professional ca- pj
Wn y\ [ jfV reer was sha P«d with the one end in view of Kg
EPS! ' ' r f\. ' I ¦ A %w becoming pre-eminent In their treatment. An £. C 4
frv?3 /P«v/ \ acquaintance with the leading physicians la \A
|fl. / No^^Sf \J my line — an Inspection of the foremost Euro- *¦* J
Ml - » *. yi \-** pean clinics — an exhaustive ¦ study of all the \^\
mr\ DR. O. C. JOSLEX; books on the subject — all have added their &"1
1^1 Leading Specialist. ' * quota to assist me in' creating the line of treat- t '\
fea ' ment which has cured thousands, and which, i^j
iga during my seventeen years of experience, - has proven Infallible. V<\
MM , Could you but see the grateful men who owe their strength and r.J
EM happiness 'to me, you would know that I have not exaggerated my B|
| , success one whit. You would realize that the treatment which has \\
Ml restored many debilitated men to the fullest measure of masculine I
Bra virility — would achieve a like success In your case. You owa lt to F\|
HI yourself to consult me. CO3*ST7I.TATIO2rS ABS PSEE. L 4
H I Am Always to Wait for My Fee Till a Core Is Effected M
W® SPECIFIC BLOOD POISON — No CONTRACTED DISORDERS— Be §*?
fc^ dangerous minerals to drive the »ure your cure la thorough; not L,|
virus to the Interior, but harmless one of my patients has ever had a f\j
¦d9 blood-cle«asing remedies that re- relapse after being dismissed as Ks
K7-M move the last poisonous taint. cured, and I cure In less time than jf^J
SB » ' the ordinary forms of treatment **; 3
KS i require. ki'j
1^ VARICOCEL.E — Absolutely pain- ' t^|
K<J less treatment that cures com- | | mm
tva pletely in one .week. Investigate SPECIAL ATTENTION also given ft- =3
Wr4 my method. It is the only thor- to Organic Weakness. Lost "Vigor, f>l
Pfl oughly edentiflc treatment tot Hydroeele, . Unnatural Losses and ITS
mfM this disease being employed. Stricture. Jk J
If LIVE ALL YOUR. YEARS A MAN. ||
Bb . My valuable and instructive pamphlet. "L1y« All Tour Tear* a Mm," l^
free on request by mall or in person. K'?
1 Officer Comer of Market 3 Kearnjits.i
Q Private Entrance -7O2 Market St:^
¦¦•••• ...¦•.,¦ ' . • . . '¦.'•', - ' * ¦¦" . • • " .. " : ' -
" "WHO'S AFRAID?" "
¦ '..',¦'•'¦' ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ \ ¦' ' . . ¦_ ¦ •'•*,•: ¦•'' ¦ - '. i ~ ¦ • -
... . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ . . ;¦",'.-¦....¦.¦;; .'; . ' ¦ ¦ . •-' ' - ¦ ' ' :¦ ¦ '• "¦¦ "¦'•'. ' .; i » ,- • ' ' ., •• .' • ¦ ' ' ' • . ; -...-¦
\ *' ' * i ' :^SJ?^C" jH3Ba^a^EB&iTWty-' :^^ A ' jttKffBi^K^M3^S^^fffffHHWP™^a^™^s^a^alMBBIHr^jB^ > * c * ' * ' BWi
';,' i -*,¦¦>.-, *i^JSiffw^^SSxjSS^vS^^k^B^^^^^^' T^y,*^aBHESiS8JBgwffiPq8BaBSll» »- / .¦ s^\ ¦?y.HUMSM8SMPBaaa -
S aSa^a^^a^^aMa^aBMPIBBiOlBaJlB^^^aBB^^»a^a^BB»P^^S^I^>^^
j^^^^^gMw^^BffH^^^^Bi^lHI^Kj^K^^^Bx.'^^^B^Mt !^ i^Wa^BwB[^MaHBBT3^3!B^Ba^t '. '-iijJatKB^M^alBt^BBafr^
* .|" HagB8BBfii(§a^Wal^B^C^^^a^p3^^aBaMB§I^P '<&*¦ *^^L^aT - : v %'¦ °° aWBMBHr'^'^B^^*" JrmgtMcH
.; / ! •; ,CHILp ; ;AN D CHICKENS.
FREE ART SUPPLEMENT
— ¦« ¦' • . ¦'- ' " — -WITH
TNJ T-? V rp C T T TVT TV A ' \r'i C r^ A . T T
> . . IN JE A 1 ;a ;U IN U A X O (^ Ai^jb. . ,
: - • ¦¦ y"~~~~~~~~~~~~~~T~ '..'"...¦¦. .'¦;.'- '¦-....¦.. .,¦•¦-. -. t-^;-, •• . ¦*' -.r.- ;,' .'•
IPlace your jorder early for the Next Sunday Call, as the' demand
is growing and the* supply is limited; . : : : i : : : , :
ALL A W N T S AND NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL. . . JTHE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL. SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23; 190*.
25
. ' " . ¦ . .t , - . v i IB
With its excellent Local, Coast, Eastern and For- most readable form, free from all personalities or 33
eign news service; its reliable Financial, Com- objectionable matter, making it at all times a clean, is
mercial and snipping news; its unsurpassed reliable disseminator oi the news and a welcome 5'
, Sporting reports and its able Editorial columns. visitor to the merchant, .mechanic, artisan, pro- si
The Daily Call is managed and edited with a fessional man and to the innermost sanctity of 8S
view of presenting aH the news of the day in its the thousands of homes in the Great West , si
Stands Foremost Among the |[
OllllUdy r dpCP o "* ¦r\II;lwPIVct • • g|
JBe SuS^ow Mxc a IReaberof l^ftis (Breat^apet j)
It numbers among its contributors many of the brightest and most talented writers of the present [¦
I age, and is constantly presenting its readers with the very latest and best features known to modern gg
x I journalism. Don't miss this truly meritorious paper, with its NEW COMIC SUPPLEMENT; its if
MR. DOOLEY ARTICLES |
: •• tlvl \J 1 11 w IV • uvl U 1 11 C ' ¦ - • ¦ ¦ . ; -v ; • . -v v • ¦• • ¦ ,' : r|-^o yv £jLt ¦ O. 1 vl W li^C JIj.U" . : bm
Other Equally Clever People Are Also Numbered Among: Its Staff of Contributors. . f|
Watch for Particulars of the New $50 Weekly |
I Literary Award to Be Announced Next Sunday | )|
A New Serial Story I A . "™ f eries ( 4^#^ f ro " g Sold by All I |!
: t a ±t- «» Art Supplements Will Also Add to the A _/ _ . ¦¦
JV Anthony Hope Already Great and Rapidly Increasing Agents, Newsboys j]
Wul Soon Appear. | p emand f or This Popular Paper- ... . and Dealers. | ][
. ., • , ----- — .~v ~~~~~ ',^-^.ru-^ '--¦¦¦ '¦...¦' ...;.':.-; : pBBHBBHBHBtM^^ ¦¦
¦¦; ¦-.. . •.-.'¦-.•- ; ¦. • v . v. :¦..¦;..;.-;•¦•:;. ! : .:;..-; ;;- r - -^ --¦-.:;-- : -.--v j^ r -^; ¦>---: - 1 -"-":.:.; 1 :-:';¦ . ¦¦. ~~~*~~~^ — !^^ rr w r — ; »« Vtrr ,.» rr ,,,.., r .».,..,.«, ».„ ; IMM BH
isgss:::5s:sssHssssssssgssssKssss5sssusKKSU5s:s5»ss»sssssiss::ssssss:sTo Protect His Name.
W. C. Kief er yesterday sued 1 for an
Injunction to prevent S.'M." Levy and
L. -B. Simon from using the name of
Kiefer, Hayward & Co. in the produce
and commission business. Kiefer was
formerly a partner in the concern of
that name and sold, his interest last
year. Since then all r of the .original
partners have drawn- out and their
successors continue to use the name.
When a yonug man proposes and the
girl tells him that he may hope he
may as well begin saving up to buy
furniture.
He was sur« that "Old Gilt Edge "Whiskey"
was good for him because he had "Inside" In
formation. "Wlchman, Lutgen & Co., S. F. •
The most elegantly appointed hotel and cafe
In San Francisco. Room* single and en suite;
M private baths; phone. In every room. Hotel
Clarendon. M3 Post *t.. opp. Olympic Club. *
Balfour, Guthrie & Co. filed a libel
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court against the British ship
Glenburn to recover $2000 damages
alleged to have been suffered through
the careless handling of a cargo of
tin plate.
Glenburn libeled.
W. Welch and L. W. Fischer; National
Diamond Company, Starr King build
ing, officers William E. Sharp and G.
Stephens Jr, and the California Mer
cantile Company of Los Angeles.
A good, clean, wholesome medicine,
pleasant and agreeable to take, no grip
ing, no pain. Lash's Bitters. •
Get-Rich-Quick Attachments.
Four attachment suits were begun
in the Justice courts yesterday against
Vtwo-for-one get-rich-quick diamond
contract companies," as the complaints
were indorsed. The actions wer« filed
by H.F. Hobson, in behalf of contract
holders who want their money back.
The concerns sued are the Franco-
American Mercantile Company of 119
Bush street, officers J.^E. Field and
M. W. Zackerman; Eureka Diamond
Company, Parrott building, officers J.
A scientist claims to have discovered
liquid sunshine, but it will never ap
peal to a Kentnckian like the liquid
moonshine of his native State.
On Sunday. October 23. the Southern Padfle
will make several changes in the time cf trains.
Reno passenger, Nus. 14-13, will be resumed,
leaving San Francisco 7 p. m.: returning, ar
rive 7:00 a. m. Trains Nos. 60-49, between San
Francisco and Fresno, carrying day coaches
and standard sleeper, will leave San Francisco
3:30 p. in.. Instead of 8:05 p. m. Trains Nos.
3S-S1 will not extend service to Lodl, as for
merly, but will run only between San Francisco
and Stockton via Xiles, leaving San Francisco
4 p. m. •
Changes in Train Time.
A committee of fireman pensioners
called on Mayor Schmltz yesterday
and asked him to aid them in getting
their pensions for June, which have
not been paid owing to a deficit in the
fund. The Mayor called attention to
a letter from the Fire Commissioners
to the effect that the deficit is due to
the failure of the Board of Supervis
ors to comply with charter provisions
requiring the board named to make
a sufficient annual appropriation to
pay the pensions. The Mayor prom
ised to take the matter up with the
Finance Committee to the end that
means be provided to make up the
deficit.
Retired Firemen Ask Mayor Schmltz
to Aid In Making Up Deficit in
• Appropriation.
Dr. Hassler and Dr. Rupert Blue of
the marine hospital service last week
made a visit of inspection to the filter
beds of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany in Alameda County. Both of
ficials were much Impressed with the
system, which insures a daily supply
of 20,000,000 gallons of absolutely
pure water. The system is being
adopted in many water plants
throughout the United States.
Chief Inspecting Physician Hass
ler Is preparing the draft of an or
dinance requiring houses to have di
rect communication with the water
mains in the streets as a sanitary pre
caution. Many houses are at present
provided with tanks on the roofs, and
Hassler avers that the water. becomes
polluted, owing to the presence % &ere
in of dead birds, mice and othe^ xnat
ler. it is with difficulty thaJ,V land
lords are prevailed upon to clean out
these tanks and complaints are being
continually filed at the health office.
Dr. Hassler believes that the tanks
should be abolished and the water
come direct from the mains.
Chief Inspecting Physician Hassler
Prepares Ordinance That Will
Abolish Tanks on Roofs.
WANT THEIR PENSIONS
PAID FOR MONTH OF JUNE
"WANTS HOUSES CONNECTtED
DIRECTLY TO WATER MAINS
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have made the
following sales: For David Martin,
27:6x68:9 feet and improvements on the.
east line of Webster street, 110 feet
south of Geary, $11,137; for Mrs. T. F.
Sharp, lot 25x137:6 arid improvements
on the south line of Hayes street, 106:8
east of Steiner, $8500; for M. Siminoff,
lot 26x73 feet and improvements on the
northeast corner of Ninth avenue and
C street, $5750; for: M.J.-Sheanon, lot
25x100 feet and building on the west
line of Folsom street,' , 100 feet south of
Seventeenth street, $5300; for W. V.
Huntingdon, lots in Outside ands
blocks. 305 and 294, $5000; . for W/C.
Alrey, lot 37:6x120 and Improvements on
the north line of Filbert street, 100 feet
west of Fillmore, $3900; for. E. Lawison,'
lot ' 24:6x100 and improvements on the*
west line, of Seventh avenue, forty-nine
feet north of Fulton street, $2500, and
for Henrietta Black, lot 27:6x54 and im
provements on the. southeast corner o£
Geneva and Brarinan, streets, $900."
• Davidson & Leigh have 1 sold for M.
Sheftelthe lot 25x82:6 on the east line
of Webster , street, 87:6 feet south ' of
Bush street, with three new flats rent-
Ing for $120 per month, to J. Blumeri
thal for $14,000; for Philip Haver the lot
25x120 : on the .north line' of Page street,
50 '.: feet east of ; Lyoh.V with > three
flats , renting for 495, to H. Gerken for
$10,000; for N. Tucker th'e vacant lot on
the southwest 1 corner of Twenty-second
avenue and ' Clemeritfcstreet 57 : 6x100 to
M. O'Keefe for $2000; for B. DiChristina
the lot 25x80 ' on x west : line . of Harriet
street, 75 feet north ) of Brannan, with
six flats renting for $69,' to Rivers Bros,
for, $7000 ; for John McCarty the lot 40x
57 : 6 : on' the . east line of Alice street, SO
feet south of ' Folsom, two house's
renting, for $52. to^C. H. Ballard for
$4650; for R. Landgreve.the vacant lot
on'the south side of Clay street," 137:6
feet east of Maple,. 25x137: 6, to C. Marks
for $3500; for Ellen Moohey lot on north
line of Bryant* street; 112:6 feet west of
Rincon 25x100, with ; four tenements,'
to Saunders & .."'.;; Col. on private
terms; for Louis,^Goldberg the; lot on
the • east' line of Diamond street, '68
feet" south of T werity r flf th. 25x85 feet,
with 6-room -cottage to J. T. Viegas for
$2350; ; forj Peter .Rathborne, vacant .lot
25x85 \ feet on 'southwest corner of
.Twenty-fourth : street and Hoffman
avenue,* to EugeneJ McCormlck* for, $700 ;
for * the ; Misses - : Deal, ; lotVorr. north f, line
of ..Twenty-fifth street, 210 feeti west 'of
Diamond, with 6-room cottage, for
DEALS IN THE CITY.
Sales are reported by the C. M.
Wooster Company as follows: Jacobs
estate to Ferdinand Heiduska, lot 26x
137:6 and three flats on the south side
of Pine street, between Laguna and
Buchanan, $D725; Robert Ellis to J. B.
Garland, lot 65x117:6, to rear street,
on the northwest corner of Twenty
third and Vicksburg streets, ' terms
private; F. Serpa to W. C. Boelen, lot
22x81:8% and improvements on the east
line of Sanchez street, between Twen
ty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, $2900; Isa
bella McFarland to John Dietz, lot 25x
75 and two flats on the south side of
Clinton Park, east of Dolores street,
terms private; Lewis Bartlett to Mrs.
Laura Doling, lot 25x114 -on the south
side of Elizabeth street, 280 feet west
of Noe,, $700; the J. B. Painter Com
pany to Daniel McHugh, lot 40x100 on
the southwest corner of Twenty-fifth
and Bryant streets and 25 feet on ;the
west line of Bryant, 40 feet south of
Twenty-fifth, terms private;' A. Ber
etta to_ Henry ;-A. Arnold, lot 25x127:8%
and improvements on the south side of
Clay street, 103 feet west of Polk, $8750,
and to a client; lot 25x75 and flats on
Shipley street, terms private.
Oscar Heyman reports the following
sales: Northwest corner of Forty-sec
ond avenue and T street, 32:6x100; the
northwest corner of Forty-first avenue
and T street. 107:6x100; the southeast
corner of Thirty-eighth avenue and Q
street, 57:6x100; the southwest corner
of Thirty-seventh avenue and Q street,
57:6x100; on the east line of Thirty
fifth avenue, 100 feet nortr of R street;
the southeast corner of Thirty-fourth
avenue and Q street, 32:6x100; the
southeast corner of Twenty-fourth ave
nue and Q street, ,107:6x100; the south
west corner of Thirty-eighth avenue
and S street, 82:6x100; the southeast
corner, of Forty-first avenue and T
street, 82:6x100; on the west line of
Thirty-seventh avenue, 150 feet south
of U street, 100x120; on the west line of
Thirty-third avenue. 300 feet north of
V street, 25x120; north line of V street,
82:6 east of Thirty-fourth avenue.
MANY SALTCS REPORTED.
the west line of Stockton , street, 175
feet north' of Post strtet, with a three
story | building co4taining store and
two lofts, also with basement; lot
45:6x68:9 feet on the northeast line of
First street, 69:6 feet northwest of
Harrison street; lot 62:9x137:6 feef on
the west Jine of Mason street and
three-story brick building containing
flats with stable in the rear.
W. J. DIngee, as administrator of
the estate of Alvinza Hay ward, has
instructed Baldwin & Howell to sell at
public auction the estate property
fronting on Lombard, Greenwich, Oc
tayia and Laguna streets. .,. This has
been subdivided into thirty-eight
building lots, of which thirty are in the
block bounded by Lombard, Green
wich/ Octavla and Laguna streets, the
other eight being on the east side of
Octavia, between Greenwich and Lom
bard streets. The lots are all in shape
for building, the streets being sewered.
Bituminous pavements are on all the
streets except Greenwich. Nearly all
of the lots are on the street level. The
property is in a section that is im
proving rapidly. Car facilities are sup
plied by the Union street cable line,
which, in connection with the Hyde
and California street line, makes the
property accessible from all parts of
the city. .
The administrator has Instructed the
auctioneers to sell the property with
out limit or reserve, subject only to
the approval by the Probate Court.
The terms of the sale are cash, but
arrangements have been made with
the Hibernia Bank to lend purchasers
50 per cent of the purchase price of
the property and Tobin & Tobin will
Issue certificates of title to purchasers
at the rate of $10 per lot The sale
will be held Thursday, November 3,
1904, at the auction rooms of Bald
win & Howell, 25 Post street.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction
real estate on Tuesday and also on
Saturday next. On the latter day thir
ty-two residence lots in the block
bounded by Twenty-third and Twenty
fourth, Vermont and Kansas streets,
will be sold peremptorily, the terms
being one- third cash and the rema-n
>ier of the purchase price in one, two
and thre: yi-ars, with interest at 6 per
cent. •
Sage, Dealey & Co. will hold an
auction on Thursday, October 27, at
noon at 638 Market street, selling mis
cellaneous properties. The list in
cludes the southwest corner of Union
and Laguna streets, with two stores
and six flats; lot 80x137:6 and eight
new modern flats on the north line of
Lombard street, 226:3 feet west of De
visadero street; lot 25x80 feet and
three-story frame building containing
a store and rooming house on the
southwest line of Third street, 225 feet
northwest of Harrison street; lot 25x
125 feet and two modern flats on the
west line of Noe street, 270 feet north"
of Nineteenth street; lot 25x107 feet
and residence of seven rooms on the
north. line of Filbert street, 153:3 feet
east of Baker street; lot 55x112 feet
on the southeast line of Park Hill av
enue, 155 feet northeast of Tilden
street, in the Park Hill Homestead As
sociation tract; Potrero lots and cot
tages on Rhode Island and De Haro
streets; lot 20x72 feet and two-story
building used as a machine shop on
the "ivest line of First street, 100;feet
south of Folsom street; lot 25x125
feet and three new flats on the" west
line of Sharon street, 209 feet ; north
of Sixteenth street;, lot 20:6x60'feet on
George W. Towle has bought from
the estate of Oscar V. Walker the
northwest corner of Broadway and
Pierce streets, 37:6x100 feet, for $25,
625.
Al J. Rich & Co. have leased sev
enty-three offices in the Union Trust
Company building. They have also
leased to a client, for B. Davidow, the
stores and rooming houses at the
northeast corner of Third street and
Park lane for $25,000, for a period of
five years.
AUCTIONS TniS WEEK.
VAXDERBII/T SALES.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
Mrs. William K. Vanderbilt 137:6x
137:6 feet on the south line of Turk
street, 137:6 feet west of Taylor
street, in two pieces, one of 87:6x
137:6 for $107,000 to a client of G. H.
Umbsen & Co., who .will build a three
story structure thereon; the remaining
50x137:6 feet, with improvements, to
a buyer who will remodel the present
building. The same brokers have re
fused an offer of $325,000 for the
Heald's College property on Post
street, with lot 77:6x122:6.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold the
southwest corner of Golden Gate av
enue and Webster street, 40x87:6 feet
and improvements, to a client for $22,
500, for C. Mortenson.
The property bounded by Willard,
Fulton, McAllister and Stanyan streets
has been sold by the San Francisco
Ladies' Protection and Relief Society,
subject to confirmation by the Supe
rior Court.
There is a continuance of the strong
demand for local real estate. The
brokers, without exception, report that
business is excellent and that the out
look for the immediate future is
bright. A hopeful spirit pervades the
community. The growth of the city
and of the suburbs furnished new
proof of the popularity of the bay re
gion. San Francisco, because it is the
business center of the State and be
cause, not less, it is the center of
many attractions that no smaller com
munity can maintain, naturally leads
the way in advancement. ' Notwith
standing the phenomenal growth of
Eerkeley and of Oakland and the re
awakening of Alameda, this city still
finds itself without sufficient accom
modations for its steadily growing
population. Two hundred and twelve
buildings were contracted for with
builders last month, the improvements
representing in total $1,558,241. Sep
tember, 1903, only ninety-flve build
ings were contracted for at a cost of
$706,866. The advance was 120 per
cent in building contracts in Septem
ber, 1904, as compared with Septem
ber, 1903.
Madison & Burke have sold the
northeast corner of Montgomery and
Jackson streets, with improvements,
consisting of a stone building with lot
C0x60 feet, for O. B. Martin to L.
Nunziato. The same brokers have al
so sold the northeast corner of Mont
gomery street and Jones alley, 65x80
feet, with improvements, for Agnes F.
Sadler and Mrs. E. Burton to L. Page,'
on private terms. The improvements
consist of a brick building. Funken
stein & Son represented the seller.
LOCAL MB CONTRACTS; MAKE BIG RECORD
City and Suburbs Grow Fast
Sol. Getz"&* Son report the following
sales: Lots 50x100 on the south line of
H street,82:6 feet east of Forty-seventh'
avenue, to Cuyler Lea; 25x240 on the
east, line -,of the Forty-eighth j avenue
boulevard," running through to Forty
seventh avenue, .to" E. Lyons; 25x120
on the west line , of Forty- fifth avenue,
125 feet north of I street, to E. A. An
drews; 25x100 on the northwest line
of Paris street, '175 "feet northeast of
Persia avenue,, to George T. Fleming:
25x100 on the northwest line of Lis
bon street, 1X)O feet northeast of China
avenue, to James Calvert; 25x100 on
the northwest '¦ line .'of ¦ Madrid street,
100-feet northeast: of Brazil avenue,
with one-story cottage, to T. J. Kruse;
50x120. on the east line of Thirty-sixth
avenue, 225 feet south of J street, to
Ralph W. Goodhue; -25x120 \ on the
west, line of; Forty-eighth avenue,
162:6 feet north of L street, to I. L.
Harris; 25x120 on the east line of
Eighteenth avenue, 300 feet north of
Point Lobos avenue, ' to George A.
Mitchell."
The Central Realty Company will
erect a building to Cost $75,000 on the
north line "of O'Farrell street, 165. feet
west of Mason , street. It will be six
stories high. Morris Rothschild has
rented the upper part for ten years at a
total rental of $108,000 for the term. '.."¦
. The Southern Pacific Company will
put up a round-house on the east line
of Pennsylvania avenue, between Mar
iposa and Sixteenth streets, to cost
$45,000. .
The Scott & Van Arsdale building
on the west line of Stockton street, 100
feet north of Sutter street, will cost
$?5.000.
McEwen Brothers report, that Point
Richmond is going to have several
miles of water front added to its pres
ent frontage and that the swamp and
overflow lands. south of the railroad
track have been bought by a syndicate
and plans perfected for dredging a
ship canal 250 feet wide through the
central portion with a branch chan
nel to the southerly part of the Santa
Fe tract, of which McEwen Brothers
are agents, thus putting this tract on
the water front. ; »
A marked demand for vacant prop
erty . for- ; building purposes has been
experienced recently in the . vicinity of
Duboce I Park. 1 ., . The .,' '. following sales
have 'beenVeffected »by 'various • agents:
Northeast corner of Devisadero and
Lloyd streets, , 32x116:3, by Mrs. Da
vidson to . Mrs. ? Edwin B^ Smith for
$5700; northeast corner of Devisadero
and ' Duboce avenue,' for" ( $5500. to
Georgre <H. Richard; northwest, corner
of, Devisadero street -and : Duboce av
enue, \ by "Joseph J. ' Legrgett to: J. J.
Flynn, who wiir at once build;* Realty
Improvement 'Company, .in the block
bounded' by Devisadero street, j Duboce
avenue, Castro and Fourteenth streets,
in the last four months, 'thirty. lots for
$63,000, j including ."Wilbur. -P.: George,
northwest j corner; of } Deyisaderb and
Fourteenth- streets; northeast corner of
Devisadero and Fourteenth streets to
Mrs. Henrietta N.'Hobbs; to William
S. Morse, 25x65, 'on; the west .side of
Devisadero, street,, 35 feet north of
Fourteenth' street;^.tb ;S. A. Born, 105x
110, on the southwest corner "of De
visaderot street -and Duboce avenue.
Many handsome: buildings will soon be
erected' as the outcome 'of .these; sales.
NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
$2650 to C. P. Jacobs; also the: vacant
lot on the southeast corner [of Pine and
"Webster, streets, ¦ • 62 : 6x100; from , G. H.*
Peln • to H. ; W. Bernhelm '¦; on- private
terms. ""¦¦¦'¦" v : ;: ' : ' ¦".*•';
REALTY HOLDS POPULARITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!, SUNDAY, OCTOBER " 23,' 1904.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' •
"tMamsl
IRISH
MOSS
COUGH
BAL.3AM
\ ¦'. ¦ . ' ¦ , ' '
PRESCRIBED BY THE BEST
PHYSICIANS F0Rr;,;v
Coujrhs, Colds. Hoarseness. Bron-
chitis. Croup In. Children, and
All Throat and lunar Troubles
Try a bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "CONSUMPTION." ¦¦';
85c; 6O0 AT AXXi DBUQQISTS .
CURES IN A DAY
• •
ADVEKTISEaiEyTS.
Jfc$ip?Z!? A New York Manufacturer of
Ladies' Suits retires from busi-
ness — our Eastern buyer pro-
M"M§K cures the entire line.
\Jl&§sw O ne °^ the greatest "snaps" ever
iWfeji\ picked up in New York; swell
JprSTra styles in a good variety,. plain and
mixed materials in desirable colors,
exceedingly well made.* Worth
JlsmfMt^^ from $28 - 50 t0 35 - Your choice
fTh« «ult llluBtmted Is * I W_ J _ "J % W
one of tliii lot.) •¦« • "-» m^
Coats and Waists Black Dress Goods
fiSI/EiiJISSrftS C BLACK AMAZON CLOTH.
One-third value of all wool tricot. S1.50 Grade— For tailor suits,
stripes in Scotch flannels and al- r i ch black; pure wool: 52 inches;
paca m black and in colors, all .
sizes; worth $2.50. Sale price panne satin finish, sponged and'
91.S5 shrunk. This week. yard. . . . .93c
COVERT COATS WORTH
$10.00— Of all wool Enelish covert BLACK VOILE ETAMINE—
in tan only; back, with half the 7SC G rade-All wool; fast
belt. Sale price $7,50 ' /J
I C V * T 1 color; Soft and sheer and double
LaCeS, llirtainS, iOWelS width. This week. yard'..... 43c
IMPORTED SAMPLES OF
LACES — Comprising Allovers, _ _
Galoons and Medallions, from one- I Wft rrftltl SillfC
quarter to three-quarters of a vard l WU riUIU ,;: : :.', '
in length. Some of these laces sell PEAU DE MESSILINE. THE
as high as $300 per yard. Your xtttw <;1T K i?np qttttq AMn
choice from the lot to-morrow. NEW 51LK FOR SUITS AND
each lOc WAISTS — Shown in brown, navy
A t?4 BIAN C . ORD P C . UR - green, light blue, pink; cream,
TAINS — 300 pairs. An entirely , . -' ?.: ; ,
new pattern; .1% yards long by 43? white and black; something novel,
inches wide; $2.50 Rrade. Special yard ..•. ,..75c
sale • $1.00 ?
HUCK TOWELS— 50 dozen to BLACK TAFFETA— A Special
be sold to-morrow 'Come early. Offer— Our great 75c Krade.- 21
Monday and Tuesday only; 15c . ¦ K <-?r- .--> ".^ „ -\
value; 18x32 inches. Sale price. inches wide; a special sale this
each ....#....... .Oc week, yard 50c
I FREE EMBROIDERY LESSONS. T
Tuecdays «nd Friday* from & a/ m. ; till 12 m. Expert teacher, no charee
¦whatsoever. Stamping done fre« on all • materials - purchased here. Our stock
! of embroidery materials, wool yarns, allk and linen Battenbers braids silk
cords, hoops, Battenberc patterns, etc.. .U now complete. .
111 Y OF #& r All IS
Dry Goods "^^^^^ Company, |
» ¦ — ~— — ~~~ — ~* *»»* ,
Direct 'Attention of Hotels, Rooming-Houses !
and Housekeepers Is Called to These Un- J
precedented Specials for This Week in Our <
DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT!
PTTTOW SLTPS 45x36 50x36 54x36 <
riLmw priaa l6%c x j
PEQUOT SHEETS gj «g» <
VHITE MARSEILLES QUILTS for double beds) regularly ]
$i5Q $2.00 i
JDO dozen ALL-LINEN HUCKABACK 150 dozen ALL-LINEN NAPKINS— j
TOWELS — Extra heavy, large size; Snowdrop pattern, full 22-inch and ,
rcgiikxly sold it $2.00 dczea *n nr regularly sold at $2.75 dozen Oj QC <
100 dozen ALL-UN EN HUCKABACK 85 dozen FULL DINNER SIZE NAP- 'j
TOWELS-Hemmed or hemstitched; KINS - (26-inch) ; regularly sold as J
fine all linen, each nr. a good value for 54.00 a M ir <
...WHITE BLANKET SALE... !
Second -week cf our Great 'White Blanket Sale of Fine California Wool for J
doable beds» at . j
Prices From $5.00 Upward . j
xjTjT--Ln.-u-Lnj-Ln.ri -i-i-i --¦.¦.--¦.----¦.-----¦.-- » , -,-„ . |
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, J
Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Square. • <
ieooeeeoo«ooocoeo9ood«ooeoeo9o«ceoeceoo*eee<
5pecial October SaJe
Kaufmann's special sales have become a well-known institution
and are recognized by the people of San Francisco as being abso-
lutely reliable. .
The goods offered are not odds and ends or broken lots sim-
. ply secured to* sell— they are selections from Kaufmann's welt
known stock of high-class shoes, temporarily reduced in price to
""stimulate business and-introduce us to new trade.
These special October prices will only last one week after
; Saturday, ' the 29th, regular prices will prevail ag^in— all who need
.. shoes, therefore, should avail themselves, of this unusual opportunity
• -No. 1.— LAD I ESV PATENT COLT LACE
\%|igi£\ SHOES, dull kid tops, plain toe. high
Vf»«r&\ no. 1. Cuban heel, very natty. Special this
'EftSSfegW^ week, see illustration No. 1 q*) | -
&^/ Tft* No - 2— LADIES' KID LACE SHOES, with
oatent leather tips, light flexible soles and
hieh Cuban heels. This shoe is cheap at
>ffy S3.00. Special for this week....Q/^ ¦ g*
No'. 3— LADIES' BOX CALF BLUCHER. heavy extension soles, a
handsome, swell shoe for fall and winter wear. Special CO QC
for this week... s)^.(JD
No. 4— OLD LADIES' COMFORT LACE and CONGRESS. The
ideal shoe for elderly ladies. Special for this week C I /I f
No. s— LADIES' TWIN STRAP SLIPPERS— The acme of fashion.
You can choose in either kid or patent leather. They have bead-
ed straps and French heels. Special this week..."... QO
No. 6— CHILDREN'S and MISSES' KID
y.;i#V*5*l LACE SHOES — Patent leather tips, ex-
V$* \*4 tension soles, neat medium round toe.
|C NlB^ Ho. a. shoes we euarantee to wear satisfactorily.
r*L »«>3K SeC iIlustration -¦ Special this week—
* ••?••••-••?*•****
No. 7— YOUTHS' and BOYS' SATIN CALF LACE SHOES, just
the shoe for school. Special this week —
Sizes o to 13 91.1S
13 to 2 91.3O
: 2^to5% 91.55
No. 8— MEN'S BOX CALF BLUCHER— /SSH^.
Double soles. . A stylish shoe for street /^S&2m
wear. Goodvear welted soles. You can x
\ not find the superior to. this shoe at $3.50. j&^^ i tHS3h Ho. 8.
See illustration No. 3.' Spe- 00 /J; d&si&^^lfBS&
cial this week V*»uO
No. o— MEN'S BLACK and CHOCO-
LATE KID ROMEOS— Just the thin* to \v '^t^Ss.
'rest the feet after a day's toil. Qt 1^ /y^^\
SDecial this week
Remember this is the store for ladies' felt and other kinds of
warm footwear.
good >sjtosys
AjnTERTISEMEXTS.
Wm . Russian Imperial Embassy, Washington. k41
III - ' The HAYNER WHISKEY which has been used at the Russian Embassy has frji
ggj given universal satisfaction. It is an admirable household /? ,'-^r— — > % y A
!ujb whiskey. * crw^y +rJ r*^\s 5^* 1
H Jh18 the only whiskey with a national reputation for If
i SSmH- highest quality and perfect purity. qa
mj iffPP^^l Government statistics show that the famous Miami Valley produces better grain and £J3
I p|f££KJ'npM has purer water than any other section of this country. It is Isature's garden. Right in IpSj
Ka .. if 5<Hj $SJS€ the heart of this favored spot is our distillery. We have at our very door the two essentials fiHj
1 i»kS"««iur « c*| * or producing the finest whiskey in the world— the best grain and the purest water. Add icjj
ggi * K$bfcte^iji?is3 *° t " ese one °f the most completely equipped distilleries ever operated and an experience Fgj!
||§| §l|arp^?^®a| of 38 years in distilling whiskey and you have a combination that is unequaled anywhere. M3
IB ' ilP^iPPlii That's why HAYNER WHISKEY is the best for medicinal and other uses. That's why we &5|
Wm 'iMiip itlllli k ave ove f na M a million satisfied customers. That's why YOU should try it. Don't for- g*|
SH '¦". [liM$!0 ''MW&k ' 2 et that il S9 es direct from our own distillery; to you, with all its original strength, rich- S£g
B • Ailfl»M%iiA' " nes3 and " avor t carries a United States Registered Distiller's Guarantee of PURITY and fcpl
jgf AGE and saves the dealers' enormous profits. Your money baclc if you're not satisfied. |»V|
P jKyP»k •:¦' DIRECT FROM OUR DISTILLERY TO YOU i
Saves dealers' profits. Prevents adulteration. fA
\ l^^^^^^^^^^Pl tlllR niTPPR We will send yon FOUR FULL QUART BOTTLES 0! HAYNER §9
m^^^^^^^^Si- : "V™ Vrrfc« SEVEN-YEAR-OLD RYE for H.00, and we will pay the M
WM^MM^^m^Xrm^^l express charges. Try it and if yon don 't find it all right and as good as you fsj
' f^*^2SKa^: - - Sffl ever.nsed or can buy from anybody else at any price, then send it back at our H
¦ .earoense.and vour S4.00 will be returned to yon by next mail. Just think that H
offer over., .-> How could it be fairer? If you are not perfectly satisfied you are f~|
|pj|jj$||||g| not out a cent.; We ship in a plain sealed case, no marks to show what's inside, ghl
' Hfli H L'iJlgrC A BEAUTIFUL GOLD-TIPPED GLASS AND L aJFiT 1^1
W " "*-¦- CORKSCREW SENT WITH TOUR ORDER V" lisCsC B|
¦h^S^sl i&mB&S^ ¦ Remember,' a Hayner quart is an honest quart of 33 ounces, 4 to the gallon, Just one-fourth tvj
.^fc^^T 6 P' l *lll l Ml i T!Mliill r ll iH^yi . more than in bottle* of other brands, really reducing our price just that much. J«3
i V^3£p;\ T»iE HAYNER DISTILLING COMPANY o i®&- ||
HL«i^ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MIMM. OAYTON, O. ATLANTA, GA. }}ATHE WEATHEH.
' Forecast mad* -t San Francisco for
thirty boon ending mldnis-t.'/Octo
ber 23:
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy;
cooler Sunday, probably with tog; fresh
westerly wind.
A. Q. McADIB, District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 145.
PRICE FIVE. CENTS.
FIFTY PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, - SUNDAY; jofeTOBER; :23 t> 1904-— PAGES 27 If 6^38:
Distinguished M^ Party Entertained at the
Palace;
T7JICE PRESIDENT CORRAL yif Mexicb^was the guest ofrlionor at a banquet given by the Citizens' Com
" "vmittee>attthe Palace : Hotel last nigKt. About300 representative Californians were present .
In response^ tothe toast'"Mexico," Senor Corral expressed the* desire that the sister republic might con
tinue in thepresent friendly relations. He declared that he could not adequately voice his feelings of gratitude
Demoerats Busy in Panama
VICE PRESIDENT CORRAL GUEST AT A BANQUET
Continued on Page 29, Column 2.
FLORENCE. Italy, OcL 22.— John
Livingston . . Dlnwlddie Borth'wlck,
chief engineer in the/ United "; States
navy (retired), with the, rank /of .lieu
tenant - commander. ; "died ) here to-day
from nervous ; prostration.:*.. ; Engineer
Borthwick was: 64; years* of age. He
•vlll be buried >t Sorrento.
Navy Officer Dies In Italy.
PORTLAND,.; Oct. .22.— A, report
here/tells'. of a ; battle to the - death
between' a sea lion : and" an /.octopus.
The battle was . v witnessed '_., by. |the
keeper^of\the;Hghthouse'at-Northwest
Seal * Rock, ¦ near Crescent -City, Cai;
The fight occurred close to the light-'
house. 1 ;; ':,:-. :/;.. :• ¦'¦'¦¦.' : Sf .
The ; water*. was - first seen . ito .be vio
lently churned; up,; then a sea, lion Vose
to _.the surface. ¦ The / tentacIe'sTof ja'
huge* 'octopus were "wound "about ), the
lion's/ body*- in rja ; death / grip, fender
ing futile) Its" :' every 4 effort : to ',' escapeTl^
•.; Finally _ the"; lion . turned^ and/bit off
one; of , the 'i tentacles and i it.^
The process was continued Mintireyery
arm was gone, \^when 'the h lion /pro
ceeded 'j to gorge ; Itself * upon c; Its 'i van
quished -• foe." * .'Other ;Jsea':^lionsj seized
upon; the carcass and- it- was soon de-
Voured.*CC*5BBSjHry^' '¦¦'' ' -;¦ ¦ '/'•/ ¦ .' : /;.-;
/ The was fully, twelve feet • In
diameter "• '¦-' " : ¦¦""/."'" ; : ¦^i/ : V- : \^"'^'''"'' : r2
At '-I brie , time"/ he : escaped, : but '. was re
captured.,
OMAHA. Oct. 22.— Because Alfred
Cooper, right tackle ' of tb.e Belle vue
Coll ege' football team, -.was expected to
win ; to-day's game with Crelghton.Uni
versity of Omaha, he was '¦. last', 'night
kidnaped by students of the , medical
department .of - the ., latter/ school * and
was kept * in confinement all : night. ."
Just '- before^- the V game 1 today *¦ his
whereabout^ became; known to, the
Bellevue people and ; his " was
demanded by" the president, on pain ot
the . withdrawal of ":¦, the * Belle vue ; team.
Cooper "was released,* but " was unable
to '. take oartl in > the ' contest and i his
team losti ,'¦-''
Cooper's i capture was effected -by : a
ruse and he ,was taken In . a hack r to ¦ a
vacant I house. v\With"- irons, 'on wrists
and • ankles, ; he • was ; guard ed "all ; night;
Special Dispatch to Tb« CalL
Special Dispatch * to Th«'CalL
DENIZENS OF THE DEEP
FIGHT BATTLE TO
THE DEATH.
FOOBALL PLAYER KID
NAPED BY A RIVAL
COLLEGE.
Ti"He /say's f'ftMexlco/i like i the 5 United
States,'^ loves '-.,: life j; ahd*^ liberty ¦ ,« and
sWquld^HkeTthe\UnUed[StaTtes/|Shedrthe
blood %; of £ her,' sonsU to ipreserve »\ that
liberty.? President ;Dlaz?,worksJf off his
'country JandSher 1 libSties?| Is^veryjpa-^
tribtlc^ and Xtries j to^y make country.
greatTand ? happy' 1 , and Cfully •'extend ] her
;. Ther next speaker was - the, dlstln^
guished : 'guestj of the "evening. 1 He spoke
in j Spanish 7, and ;. his ¦[ remarks j.were fat-.
tentively^'JIstened 4 .tojand \ applauded'; by
the 1 few i who^understood .him. 1 ', Follow^'
ing • S enor Corral's speech fa translation
was i given?; hy';- 1 the distinguished iSlexi
can' general,'" Luis'; E.^ ; :ToiTes,''*wlio?acj'
compahIesTthe*yice President 1 through-,
out his tour. In translating Senor Cor
ral's j femarki^Senori t T6rres|said : r * r ; •;. \
.oVj'I' am 'n^t* a f great 'frlridiari^i fighter * as
Colonel ' Pippy has said," nor am la very
greatl talker, -but^ I shall : try , to {give
correctly \ the ' remarks j of ' Senor^Corral.
He : tries\to] explain^ his*, feelings on ten-'
tering - uponr/American^solL •,-' He ; has
feeling? of fgratefulj friendship ) and ;; love
f drithe^Unitedi States "j and [particularly
Calif o'fnia?. which' he: hasjylsited" befprel
I 'do 'not '. knoVj how t^express}hls grati
tudeT-| HeTsJ^'Ou-ThVdenwhstratloh [pi.
thelcitizens^^>thV militaryTand^ the; navy,
,;w6uld|be;<'sufficie*nt';»eyeh\thoughil{'dld
'iiotT see; before I me "smiling \ faces j\that
shbw|by^ theif^ friendly ;. that" I
ami amo'ngi friends.^It ! shows "« me that
this i Is7due'|tb Jthe* Mexican ' people and
'not | to ) me T pers6nally",i to^the' people and
fthe'^'great {man" who • holds! the • reins , of
government u in >•, that r country .%/Mexico
feeteTtheJibenefl^o^
ivants ;to1b¥- as great" asT you: are.1 "• :,\ V'ii^
tween the'j nations. He j then.' quoted
statistics r showing ' that the .-imports
and .exports 'of this, country.' with ; Mex-,
Ico :, wer e 'nearly,' equal \ and ' finished j by
proposing • a" toast ; v to . the * coming man
of .Mexico, : : yice' President Ramon r Cor
rai:;,-' .:.'/." . i. -;. ..¦/¦'-¦•;, /?-"¦'¦-'..; ';, .;••;
'.Then ." occurred a . memorable ;• scene,
the "orchestra" 'playing 'The
gled i Banner", and the Mexican national
anthem; : whiie^the •' guests '; rose j to ' their
feet and" alternately* sang ''and cheered."
The fact: that^few; knew, the words^of
the | Mexican .' anthem I did ' dampen
their,.' ' 'ardor. 1 ;. "Marching J-f Through
Georgia",' and ¦ were^. enthusias r
tically -received. '-':
HAPPYfADDRESS.
It also appears likely that the re
jr.arkably large increase last week was
due to the unrecorded movements of
money hitherto from the interior or the
absence of withdrawals of funds by in
stitutions in neighboring 'cities because
of the opportunities offered patrons of
these banks for in -the
booming stock market Deposits were
increased last week by $6,559,000, as the
result of ' which the required reserve
was augmented 11.625,750; deducting
this sum from the gain of $3,535,800
cash as above, left 51,836.050 as the in
crease In surplus reserves to $17,853,925,
against $17,944,450 ai year ago. Com
puted upon the basis of deposits less
those of $23,222,200 public funds, i the
surplus is $23.€S4.475. Loans were ex
panded .- $3,917,000, probably reflecting
borrowing incident to the stock specu
lation. The statement made a bad
proof, the sum of the increase in loans
and of the gain in cash being $833,800
greater than the increase in deposits. : "
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— The» Financier
cays: The feature of the official state
ment of the New York Associated
Banks last week was the remarkable
discrepancy between the cash move
ment as reported in the statement and
that which was estimated upon the
basis of the traceable changes in this
Item during the week, the official re
turn showing a gain of $3,525,600 while
the estimates indicated a loss of $239,
209. Inasmuch as in the previous week
there was Quite as remarkable discrep
ancy between the officially reported
and the estimated movement of cash,
the former ehowing a gain of $311,400,
•while the latter recorded an increase of
$5,275,000— It seems probable . that the
discrepancy last week was due to the
adjustment of averages in the cash
Item, a large part of the gain in the
previous week, as shown by the esti
mates, being brought "over into last
week. IHHHSB9S
BIG DISCREPANCY BETWEEN
ESTT5IATES AND RETURNS
"It Is no longer naval and military
men alone whom. this German peril dis
turbs," said a colonel in the regular
army today. "It Is beginning; to tell
upon the ministry and on ; every obser-
LONDON, Oct. 22.— Germany's mili
tary and naval plans concerning. Eng
land are causing renewed discussion In
authoritative quarters owing to reports
that coast towns are ' infested .with
agents of the German army and navy
in the guise of common salesmen. It is
alleged that these agents are : making
hydrographlc and topographic maps,
ascertaining number and disposition of
British troops and locating the main
depots : of ammunition and supplies. It
Is said that "the investigations of the
Teutons extended to: the Islands about
the British coasts and 'all. the neigh
boring waters that the Kaiser might
have occasion to use in effecting an in
vasion of this country. ¦¦,;.'¦";'
ver of any competence in England. "* It
accounts for the repeated warnings of
the I National - Review, '-. Nineteenth "„• Cen
tury, Fortnightly, Spectator, Times and
minor . organsof public opinion.' .It ac-"
counts for the extraordinarily lavish
decoration of -the Nelson : Monument
this year! ' 'v
','KaIser Wilhelm's strenuous ' naval
and military -policy, his strong .. pro-
Russian activities, and the threatening
ambiguity of his attitude ; with regard
to*; the foremost questions of .world
politics , to-day may In reality 'contem
plate no harm to i Britain, but theV en
gender uneasiness here like;/ that
created in Berlin by France's formation
of a fourth battalion after'thejFranco-
Prussian war. . Britain is V compelled to
shape Its policy, with marked ; reference
to the ' Kaiser's ~ bold ; and enigmatic
mind "and the : vast • and warlike .ma
chine that mind is destined ¦ to direct""
VISITING -MEXICAN : OFFICIALS
- v AND -'-PROMINENT ' MEN - WHO
. SPOKE ATi THE } BANQUET.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Activity of the Kaiser's Agents
Alarms' Great Britain.
•^VThe: existing , : treaties .between . Mex
ico and .the -United • States ' breathe the
comity,?:: amity^ and > courteous
ship, i that I "should "characterize itwb j re
publics.<whose!missjbn it-Isito promote
the welfare of their people.* These treat
ies ; ratified p-by j both iGovefnments em-,
brace those tokens of honor and respect
which , are "due ! between ¦ nations on the
ground rofrightrand 5 Justice. .There 13,
however7;'a "^strong t- bond = of J sj-mpathy
between * the .Mexican ' form of .'govern
meht* and; buf'^own*- Your; constitution,
adopted % f ortjrPseVen r - ; years Vfago. and
continued flii ;; force -with J few amend'
merits,^: is • slm 11 ar . to \ our own, and \ the
Mexicans.*; like" the Americans, love and
reverencei'Uielr,' constitution,; the great,
fundamental-' law ;?of the land.* Your
"¦'* Consul General ¦ of Mexico Cayetano
Romero r responded in a short speech to
the to President Dlas."/ 1 H© was
followed * by ¦ Senator *¦ Perkins, who
spoke as follows: .• v
"Mr. ] President; Honored \ Guests, and
Friends:" I esteem' It "a great privilege
to have - the . honor' of * joining . with •' the
people^ of California^ In': welcoming to
our State the distinguished l Vice" Presl-,
dent, the" Ambassador. Secretary of the
Treasury, and General of the 5 Army; of
our,; Bister- republic! of .Mexico. '¦? We are
glad \to greet* and salute them in our
homes, 'and assure them, as our neigh
bora and friends, that they have a very
warm place in o«r hearts. . *
: V "The sentiment * proposed. 'Our Cor
dial" Relations with-" the '-: ReDubllc of
Mexico,' finds a* tender; responsive ' echo
In i the - hearts "of I our, people, and our
National;.' Government"; at './Washington
is most desirous of > maintaining , these
very pleasant, relations. During all the
years that , your ; ,very/ able' ambassador,
Hon. -; Don" Matias '. Romero, represented
the Mexican '.| Government >'at our na
tional capital I he "was { welcomed ' at ' the
;White i HouseVand j Department jof ' State
by the' several administrations as if he
were to the manor born: and his death
.yr&s I mourned ' by [ our; people* with " the
same -sorrow ' as - that ; felt : by * his own
countrymen.
THE i MEXICAN .'GOVERNMENT.
power. I '/therefore propose a -toast to
two/distinguished ' men ' of /America.
President Roosevelt -,. and /; President
biazl'.."/ j
; ,'After the. toasts .were : heartily .down
ed ,* Collector ; • F. - S. Stratton : followed
with a short, address. -He, reviewed
mainly the great' Presidents of/Amer?
ica," . : both of "; the United States - and
Me-xlcd. ? ? He dwelt ; extensively, y how
ever, on the career and work of-Presi
dent Roosevelt : and - the work of - the
United ' States .and Mexico in the , civ
11 Izing and ; advancing of the - world's
interests. ; He . , finished - by- reviewing
theT connection between : the \ history ' of
California and Mexico and a hope that
the . friendship • -. of the United States
and Mexico \ would continue ; forever. . :
PERKINS* GREAT- HIT?'"-
GERMAN SPIES SAID
TO INFEST ENGLAND
'The United States rejoices In the
splendid progress of our sister repub
lic, which is for the benefit of human
ity. -We 'are intimately connected with
her. in our commercial and social re
lations.' American capital Is assisting
in and co-operating with her people In
developing ; the ; varied resources -j of
that wonderful country. During/ the
administration^ of President Diaz 'two'
trunk; lines of railroad have been con
structed from the'City/of Mexico to
the Rio Grande and the running. time
of cars from i,that' city ¦' to Chicago . is
only/ ninety-four hours. Encourage
ment la given our people by tne pro
gressive policy of .the Mexican admin
istration to * develop" her. mines, culti
vate the ' soil ' and - build factories, ma-
* "But since 1876, . when President
Diaz, the statesman, soldier and pa
triot.-was elected he has called to his
counsel . and assistance, the ablest
statesmen of the country; wise laws
have been enacted and respect and
obedience for them ' enforced, ¦ and
peace and prosperity prevail through
out the republic of Mexico. Public
schools, are supported by the national
and State governments and as an ad
ditional *. evidence."". If any were re
quired, that ' our friends In Mexico
think the -Yankees are right In edu
cating the : youth of the country, our
distinguished guest. Vice President
Corral, has sent three of his children
to ' our « State to be educated In the
colleges at . San > Jose. Permit me to
add that California owes a great deal
of gratitude to the mission fathers
from Mexico, who more than' a cen
tury ago established the first church
missions in California. They were the
advance • guard of Christian civiliza
tion ~ on* the Pacific . Coasr and held '. la
check by religious Influence ths law
less element.' ;
"Our feeling of friendship Is, I
think, accentuated when we reallza
that the : republic of Mexico, like tha
United States, has had foreign and
domestic difficulties, financial embar
rassments'and a struggle for commer
cial .advantage. Internal improvements
and equitable taxation. You have had,
like the United States, prejudiced po
litical critics, who were jealous of
your . success and charge extravagance
In .the administration of national:af
fairs. You have had, like our nation,
many different ¦ tribes of - savage and
semi-barbarous Indians to suppress.
Some of our natives, like your own.
have been treated with kindness, some
with harshness and others with Injus
tice, • though always with a desire . to
render the greatest good to the great
est number.
DIAZ ADJONISTRATIOX
constltutlon, like our own, provides for
three separate and distinct divisions of
government;..- the legislative, judicial
and executive: It also! gives two' Sena
tors - to each of ¦ your. - twenty-seven
States, and apportions delegates to ths
House of Representatives by the popu
lar vote. It guarantees . to the respec
tive"/ States sovereign, control of their
Internal affairs and It Insures freedom
of religion, freedom of speech, and free
dom of the" press.
\ .The r first - speaker? of ; the evening
Introduced by Chairman Pippy \, was
Aldenf Anderson, \ Lieutenant Governor
of ' Calif6rnia;\who > ; in'~a : short ¦ speech
extended State's 'welcome- to : the
visitors. ; He i spoke;. of ;. the : entertain 1 
men t ; California') had '. eiyen ., to'-'distlnr
gu Ished - yisi tors ofjmany, : nations. 5 sayf
Ing that none "were "'greeted kwlth': more
heartfelt ; cordiality V than ": those f then
present.! He praised the * ambitions and
energies /of ; Mexico i and preferred ' Xo
the Justification 'of the ; work / 6t .'the
United^ States in-, the; progress of., the
'southern"; republic. -..;. " '\ : r C - 4
f Like J the ;. United { States,' Mexico] had
proclaimed^ the progress and. adyancef
ment r of { civilizatioit^:^He ' ;that
Calif ornla^extended t greeting ; to, a" per^
sonal ; representative^ of that >"grand 'old
man" of ; the"\Westera. hemisphere,^ Porf
flrlo;Dlai?^PresidentJof ¦; Mexico: ,
.-s Telegrams '[ of * regret ; for ; Inability to
attend itheV gathering .were 'then ; read
by j Col onel Pippy • '', '. Th : ey came > f rbm
Governor : i George i C. ; Pardee; ; \former;
Mayor" James D;,Phelan," Major General
Arthur . ' j Mad Arthur. 5 -; W. '; H. 1 Beattie,
Chief - Justice 1 6f '¦:¦ the ; Supreme j, Court,*
and ; Rear f v Admiral ;>Whiting, - U. > S. \ N:
Colonel - Pippy -finished by introducing
Mayor? Schmitz. '^} .;, ;. .. - ; v.V ; 5;.,'^V'',-ii
I r The Mayer in a short speech extended
to the .visitors 7 the? keys and 4 freedom
of the clty.V He '^Toke /feelingly of ]the
place" occupied' byj the Mexican' people
ih^the^h'earts^o'ijt^e.fcltlzyns^and^as^.
silred'- them ;that" every ; home (was f open
tb 1 ihemTduring"jtheif^stay;in': the .rWest;
ernmetro^liB^He^henirevlewed Mex
ico's TconnectiorilwiOi ¦ the^earlyihistbfy
'of I Calif orhlaJI its isettlement|by4 Span J
'lsh^spyaUn^Mexlc^s'andjthe'friexidly^
"debts jthe^StateT owed -the ; southern' ref
pub'lic:^- ?!* --^ :;. v "'¦"'•..-•'.¦'; 'i''-'^\ r^:!'/ :
*>!Thel ; next > speaker. Introduced by ; the
chairmahfwaa \\ Marshall iwhoTre^
"viewed % theTcommereial «? relations'^ biz,
'tweenith"ett^oTTOuntHes.^The\lnflux' l of
"!Americantcapita|iVowing, to^tnef; Induce-'
m6h^'^eredlby|Pjeisident*Dlaz;.- arid
the ¦ trade be-
SPEAKS IFOR THE STATE.
.The ' chairman *: of ;;the evening's
ceremonies : was ; Colonel George > H.
Pippy^ and in response to the various
toasts the " distinguished , represent
atives of .Mexico and the military,
naval arid civil representatives ,'of ' the
United '. States ; gave? brilliant* speeches
that were ,' heartily, applauded. \.-\ -The
features- of the .evening » were, .' pri
marily/ the addresses of <the ; visiting
officials of the southern ! republic.* and
secondarily the amity, and" concord of
the gathering, -called ¦ together "rather
hastily. The V assemblage showed ' • a
hearty," appreciation and good ; will
that : made an "evident impression ' on
the minds .of the visitors.;:
> Previous to jthe banquet and speech
making came' a presentation of , those
present. to "the visiting Vice President
iri^ the main parlor of the Palace jHo
tel. 1 ; '.¦*. With* ColoneT,* Pippy' and Mayor
Schmitz r on, either (side ; of -the - distin
guished'Mexican/each: guest in '.-turn
was 1 ; presented > to", Senor. Corral. -After
this i formality ? the :, entire >• party /¦ ad-f
journed. to ; the lower banquet hall.
The- representative./; citizens -of .-the
State _of -I CnUtorniSrS'arTd'^the '< ci ty;< 6&
San^ Francisco J"gave^*a /" banquet j. yes-,
terday;-" everting f atf Jhe*" PaTace*"H6ttff
to i7Vj.ce ; President^Ramon|;C6nfal ; -j of
the Republic '1 of Mexico" and his ', suite.
The ; great-- dining-room on » the^ first
floor. of the hotel was, beautifully dec
orated * wi th • the colors of "Mexico ; and
the United States and the tables shone
with: white and silver and;floral-dec
orations of red, white. and: green", the
national colors of ? Mexicol • . .
Disturbers in Indian Ter
ritory Are Placed
Under Arrest.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.—Modifica
tion of the Hay-Bunau Varilla canal
treaty In several important respects
and the " negotiation "between " the
Washington and the Panama Govern
ments of a supplementary commercial
treaty, granting to Panama important
concessions, Is what the Pananiaians
hope, to obtain' as a result of Secretary
-Tact's mission to the isthmus, j accord
ing to a statement made to-night by
Senor Obaldia, the Panama Minister at
•W&sliington _..- , ¦' --¦ : ' i i-~ *J-:^.~~c~~-*^?-^
¦¦~ "Widespread enthusiasm -has been
aroused "on.- , the .l|thmus," * sa W , the
Minister," 'Tsy the ; publication of : Presi
dent ., Roosevelt's •':; letter to 4 Secretary
Taft. \ President Amador has cabled me
that * he has proclaimed ;' .this', letter
throughout the isthmus, and : that the
tide of grateful :. feeling i has :¦ already
turned in favor of the United States.
FANAMA, Oct. 22.— General Davis,
Governor of the Panama Canal zone,
authorizes the press to deny the re
port of disturbances at Culebra or at
any place in the zone or in its vicinity.
President Amador confirms '" General
Davis' statement. . .
COLON. Oct. 22. — Official investiga
tion by the military authorities dis
closes the fact that the reported pres
ence of armed men at Culebra is un
true.
Xo Battle In Panama.
Colonel Shepherd also reported that
his sale of lots at Hugo was interrupt
ed and interfered s with by an insolent
crowd, headed by Mayor Jones of that
city 'and R. S. Overstreet, one of the
leading citizens. These men openly
advised all who attended the sale not
to buy. saying that they would buy
a lawsuit with each lot. They caused
this statement also to be printed in
Paris, Tex., newspapers.
Overstreet and another leader of
the mob named Charles Dick were
arrested. Overstreet pleaded guilty to
the charge of disturbing the peace and
¦was fined $50 and costs. Dick gave
bail and his trial will be held Mon
day. .**:
There has been considerable grum
bling of late among the white people
of the Territory directed against Col
onel Charles H. Shepherd, chairman
of the townsite commission to ap
praise sites in the Choctaw nation. It
¦was alleged that Colonel Shepherd ap
praised lots too high. The trouble
culminated about a week ago, when
Shepherd was enticed some distance
from town and severely beaten. He
was left for dead, but after regaining
consciousness managed to crawl back
to his hotel.
The matter \ras , reported to Wash
ington at once and taken to the Pres
ident. Colonel Shepherd is an old
soTdier and was at one time com
mandant of the Soldiers' Home at
Bath. N. T. He is a friend. and per
sonal appointee of the President. Mr.
Roosevelt immediately ordered an in
vestigation ' and the arrest and pros
ecution of the guilty parties.
The assailants have not been appre
hended, but Colonel Shepherd report
ed their names as Wilcox and Engles.
He said they knocked him down,
jumped on his face, kicked out three
teeth and bruised him so that his eyes
were swollen shut for some time.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22. — It was stat
ed at the Interior Department to-day
that the threatened land war on the
Choctaw and Chickasaw reservations
in Indian Territory has been stamped
out by prompt action on the part of
Government officials, personally di
rected by the President-
EpecUI Diepaten to The C&1L
Federal Agent Displeases Whites by
Giving Lo Square Deal and Is
Severely Beaten .
II is evident that President. Roose
velt indorses the ;; of ;• Barrett
in Panama despite the doubts cast
upon his negotiations by Obaldia, 'the
Minister of Panama. President Roosej
velt to-day gave personal instructions
to Barrett to return to Panama on
November 10 to make preparations for
the visit of Secretary Taft, one week
revolution, but to . obtain this Would
require considerable money. .Smythe
made a draft on the Democratic com
mittee, which, the' representatives • of
President Roosevelt discovered, was
paid in full.. This* expenditure of money
proved futile, for the expected sensa
tion did not materialize. J
It is authoritatively stated that' one
of the dispatches informed Parker, that
Smythe had ¦ sent . an agent to Bogota
to search for information damaging to
President Roosevelt, •" and that he was
on* the track of . strong -documentary
evidence. In -. Panama which -would con
ylct the President of complicity in the
"When Barrett arrived at the State
Department he was asked "Who. is
Smythe?" and was told that a certain
Government official outside the State
Department had received from Smythe
cipher dispatches which had been in
tended for George" Parker, chief of the
literary bureau of the Democratic Na
tional Committee. The dispatches were
In the regular telegraph cipher of 1901
and it was no trouble, to translate
them. Barrett said he knew ... Smythe.
and suggested that the dispatches con
tained information for the Democratic
National Committee. **-- *•- ; , / - •- '\
CABLEGRAMS GO ASTRAY.
Smythe, It is declared,' appeared In
Panama last month, ostensibly to
Investigate the Panama situation for
a syndicate of American newspapers.
He was received cordially by the
American officials. He let drop some
remarks which caused the authorities
to closely watch the character, of the
information he .gathered. Nothing par
ticularly suspicious was discovered
until Minister Barrett returned to the
United States. • .
CALL, BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 22.— Clifford H.
Smythe, who was American Consul at
Cartagena, Colombia, . in • the second
Cleveland administration, is declared
here to be acting as a Democratic
agent in Panama. The State Depart
ment is in possession of Information
which, it is asserted, will enable it, to
smother any attempts of the Demo
crats to show that President Roose
velt connived at the revolution which
made Panama free. For several weeks
every effort has been made to. nullify
the search of Smythe for documentary
evidence damaging to \he administra
tion. *: . -X :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sensation -Fails to develop)
President's Prompt
Action Stops *
Trouble.
Paid Agent Spends Large Sums .
in Futile Quest of Information
Derogatory to Mr. RooseYelt
THREATENED
LAND WAR
IS AVERTED
The San Francisco Call
• -: 'TBS THZATOIS.
¦ AIjCAZAR— -"The Way of th» World.",
.*•. • Matinee to-day. ' ' ¦ " - -
ALHAMBRA — Sonn'i Bud. Matina*
:v> to-day.
CALIFORNIA— "Friti and SniU." ' /
CKNTRALr-"DaTy .Crockett." Matl
. ne«* to-day. :*__—— —¦MQBli
COLUMBIA— "San Toy."
. CTTGTES— Vaudeville. ¦*»»»§
FISCHER'S — "Down the Line." Mit
: lnee to-dar.
GRAND — "Arizona." Matlne« to-day.
MAJESTIC — "A Japanne Xlshtln
' rale." " . r "iiMS3iH»*iaMMBfe»aa«a
.ORFHEUM— VandeTllle. _la__e» to
day. -
TTVO_J— "Der R-atelhlnder."¦ "I pointed ;out; in* my. response to the
notification^ committee how a gradual
reduction of the customs duties may . be
accomplished -without , disturbing busi
nessi'''conditions and I . adhere ' to the
methods ; suggested. But work
should be : undertaken - at once ¦* in the
interest,; of > the < % 4 whole people.. And'lt !
can ; only be ¦ undertaken by ¦ the v Demo-*
era tic - party.CThe.? Republican^ patty
will not f attempts it.V It ?6rily>'p«on : U3es
such a' revision * as vthe frie'rids \6t{ the"
tariff wish. A*s - they ; do not .wish ' any
revision downward, > ; there . will be! none
In^ that direction while ' that party 'can
prevent it." Any other\ revision will ; not
relieve : the ¦ masses. And i. it" U ' to : their
. "It ¦ is true, • as ; all know, ; that-all ex
cessive tariff rates have caused serious
injury to; the great body of the .'people.
IV Ras Increased the cost of living and
added to ' the price of nearly everything
that [ the people must buy. This is
known to v all men . and they cry' out
against it. And^thelr, cry should 'be
heeded. , But it ? has been so long- a part
of "the : policy of : the r country > that Its
reformation must be prudently " under
taken, so as to prevent an immediate
revolution In. existing" conditions.
":'- VThe Democratic platform points out
.the : v true method when ; it demands 'a
revision and a gradual reductlon'bf the
tariff . by (the .friends ot the: masses and
for : the • common i. weal , and not by the
f riepds of Its abuses, its extortions and
discriminations.'
what they charged to American pur
chasers and are doing so now.
'"Well, what of it,' our opponents
may ask. An answer is supplied by the
tariff. commission of 1883, whose words
I have , quoted. They \ said that . a re
duction of duties was due as 'a measure
of justice to_consumers.' '*¦_;,* ¦ *' ' ';'
"A duty which . does t riot : raise
price of the" article to' the .consumer
fails of its object and Is, therefore,
needless for purposes of'protectiori.'Mf
it does artificially raise the price."' then*
the consumer pays -.the . ' difference,
which, as Hamilton : said, la the' same
thing ; as a : bounty to ; the ', producer.
These bounties ' are . piling up mountain
high. They are paid . by the ". people.
• INCREASED COST OP LIVING. v
' "I^cherlsh^ no : ; grudges V against - men
because they , are ! rich, 5 ' nor do] I "greatly,
blame" them for ; taking the'proflts which
unjust laws "throw? in 'their^way, but! I
'protest against, the unlust laws. - 1 pro-*
test^agalnBt^hfe^meri? who ; make jthem
wid* who ;'starid v pat'.fwherieverj anybody,
proposes | to « repeal \ or/. modif y \ theni.' ; '¦'..
'^¦"Whktvhapperied .uhder.l the 'low tar
iffs of »1846 and;1857?riWasV there- any!
lack : of I home ; market . then 7 On the
y.VWhy;.:doVth'ef: railways ~- submit .to
such ? '¦"- ;Why . do : they ' remain
quiet? '/- Whyrdo ihey; not establish roll-'
ing ; mtll^fand;make".Uhelr:own rails?
Surely the differenjce;off$t:84; per' ton,
"or '"40 per j cent, ' / Is ."a c sufficient ; induce^
.merit to do' so.{; I Tcanribt; answer., this
.'questlon/,!'but' If th^leaaers 1 of ¦ the jiteel
rail ¦ industry ; are also^ the ; controllers of
jhose railways which"are strong enough
~to!deferid' themselyes^agalrist "extortionV
ith'e ;'my,stery\ is explained.": 'I In) such ?a
case v the g'o^into : the /pbckets\of
; th'e v cpntrollers^crf ;ttieTral.Iways < ln\their
.capacity : :- at steel ' producers, • while t the
railways and
flihfi ? gpne^al;.; public jipay - the difference.
uThe^tariff fiends ; itself ;,to I thlsXsort I; of
! /gf pb arid ?if |.the^ fnen who /com-.'
j mand largefcapljal|db fnot \ avail ', theniV
[;' seJyVs'of their, opportunity^ they.- are not
'90} as - they are. generally sup
"posed to be.':" '; .'{"W" •. ¦¦."'•,;.. V I •"'"
•T^- OBJECTS TO UNJUST / IiAWS. :V V
dustries were^really infants, we have,
by -successive- stepB; reached a scale "of
over 50 per cent, .while the industries
themselves -have ' > become .-,} colossal.
Hamilton said that the" iron and steel
industry, was a flourishing
condition in hls^time.' He -was willing,
nevertheless,'- to give 7V4 ; per^cent
protection "i to' ; steel. *, It .how has.; $7,JB4
per tori \ oh " steelf rails, .and > the ; \ .'steel
pool' ' sells 7 them .to ' Canadians r at : 7 $19
per tori,'* but Exacts' $28 f rom r American
purchasers; '1^ it ;: is 1 enabled ; ; by /. the^t.tarj ¦
lft ; to7do' this, -for without the ? tariff .It
would - b'e^! obliged !'to 'sell Trails at 'home
for ; the price 1 at ".which } they ;' could v be
imported. railways are' thus
compelled V to pay; $7 84l per^tonSmore
than a f aif';,price-^that ' is,' $7 • 84 Jmorft
than the price' at' which somebody else
would supply :; them. •;. .; ¦ '¦¦"."'..' ; f ¦'
"A . few years ago, a , large ¦ deposit of
borax 1 was - found in . California. . The
owners of It ' forthwith 'advertised that
they Jcould r produce ; borax ¦ at such low
rates' as- to undersell the t world, which
was , They, .went* to -Washing
ton : and '.expressly .on the .ground^ of
their .; ability l^- to. "uhdersell foreigners
they got^ia. duty of 5 cents^per^paund
on vborax. -They ' then began* to; sell
borax . in England - at rates far below
contrary. Senator. Morrlll of Verpaont,
the father of the Morrill {tariffs "of ; the
war period, said in a public debate that
the; year • 1860, whlch-fell within * this
period/ was 'one of ¦ the most J prosper
ous 1 ! in our • history.' This * is also, the
testimony of " Professor Tausslg" in his
Jtarlff history of the United States, not
"alone asjto the year 1860, but as to. that
period generally. \ The ' same authority
tells .; us. that our cotton ;': spinning*, in
dustry^' never, , grew;, more rapidly or
prospered more than under the -Walker
tarlff^of:1846. \ 5
BORAX.
relief that Congress and thV President
should hasten."
Have'Yoa Visited
The now.stpra of Rathjen Company, 113
Mason street?' Choicest groceries and
wines- -at: lowest prices. Prompt serrlca.
Phona South 893. . •
• The speakers on behalf of the visit
ing delegations were: Isaac,A..Hop
l>er for the Harlem Club, Louis R.
Ehrich for the Independent clubs and
Everett V. Abbott for the Reform
Club. In his speech "rep lying to the
delegations Judge Parker said:
"In order to understand our present
situation in respect {to th"e tariff, is
best to glance at the past and see how
\ce reached the position we now oc
cupy. Our political opponents usu
aily point to Hamilton . as
the founder and expounder of the pro
tective system and they are never
•weary of quoting from his report of
1791 in support of their positions.
They always speak of Hamilton's re
port on manufactures as tjjough it
%vere a report on protection, 'tlven, the,
editor of his complete works, the pres
ent Senator from Massachusetts, does
fo. Being a report on manufactures
only, it does not Justify protective du
ties on wool, coal, lumber, iron and
other products of the soil, mines and
fisheries, in which our present, tariff
abounds, arwL without which It could
not last. Take out of the tariff every
thing that Hamilton did not include in
his report and the alliances of special
interests which the tariff represents
v.ould be shattered into fragments.
"Hamilton said that his object was
to promote such manufactures 'as will
tend to render the United States in-
ESOPUS. N. T., Oct 22.— In a
Fpeech on the tariff Issue, Judge
Parker replied to remarks' on that sub
ject from men. representing _ six dis
tinct New. York delegations which
were received at Rosemount .to-day.
The day was not pleasant for an out
door political gatherings The air was
chilly and during the noon hour a cold
rain began to fall. ¦. - >- .'.\ :
', "Instead of reducing duties from 20
to 30 per cent, as the commission had
recommended, this bill increased the
average , rate of dutiable ; goods . from
41.S5 'per^cent to. '45.86: per cent 1. | ,
"This was '¦ the tariff ot - - 1883. - Not
withstanding ..the ;. betrayal fot'l public
interests .^ which I; it •involved and\ the
clandestine \ manner '[ of j Its enactrneht,
this 'tariff /was more "moderate ,thanithe
subsequent McKinley tariff; of .1890 Tor
the DIngley" tariff, now in force. The
average rate of -the' former, 'as -shown
by {the; importations of 1892, was 48.71
per cent on dutiable goods.' , The dutif
able . Importations of 'the * last 1 fiscal
year,'- ending. June; 30, i904, were $536,-
D40,6»0," and the duties collected 't were
$230^04,119, which is^ an average irate
oif.BS per. cent
,: '"To ithis condition * we have come at
last "Beginning • -with . a tariff of \ 8Y»
per'cent in 1789, when many of ourjn-
"The commission also reported a". bill
which, it said, would make an average
reduction of 20 to 25 per cent In 1 the
rates of duty. The protected interests,
which had previously given their con
sent and support '•; to the .'commission,
now suddenly, changed . front. They
went to Washington, killed the com
mission bill and caused " Congress to
pass another in : Its ; place.. It -i was
framed In v a conference committee 1 —
that is, in secret. It was never con-;
sldered . in detail in either house .",- of
Congress.' It ' was passed in one lump.
" 'Early in Its deliberations the com
mission became convinced that a sub-
Btantial reduction >pf; tariff . duties is
demanded^ not : by ; a mere indiscrim
inate popular clamor, "but by the best
conservative opinion of the country,
including that -which has, • in former
times, been most strenuous : for the
preservation of our national ' indus
trial : defense*. Such a reduction of
the existing tariff the commission re
gards not only as a due recognition of
public sentiment and a measure of
justice to consumers, * but \ one con
ducive to the general -industrial pros
perity, and which, although it may
be" tempoj*arily inconvenient, will be
legitimately beneficial to the special
interests- affected by . such reduction.'.
COOnSSION'S BILIj "KILIiED." '
"At this ,' point ' in " our history the
tariff question ceased temporarily to be
an 'issue in~ American" politics. ; It dis
appeared bo completely : that .when the
Republican 'party ,-was formed ho one
thought'- of reviving : it and there is
good; reason- for- believing that , it never
would have, been ' revived but ' for the
Civil War, which necessitated the rais-^
ing. of a . large revenue*, to ! meet the ex
traordinary demands^. upon the treas
ury. Certain classes availed ' themselves
of .this, opportunity to -seintroduce the
protective systemfor their/own advan
tage , and ; they were > successful. ; The
result. was the JMorrill tariff, or., rather,
four I successive- installments of; the
Morrill tariffi of ',whjch | Senator Sher
ma'n, "in a debate on the tariff bill of
1872, spoke as follows : L . .'", :
• "'It must be .remembered that the
present duties", taken together, are far
in excess of what they were before the
war and they have been three' times
largely increased since the passage of
the Morrill tariff act of 1861. If j the
present rates of duty .were high enough
during and" since the war, when home
industry was burdened with heavy in
ternal taxes, with stamp duties, in
come taxes and high rates on raw ma
terials, then surely -they are now too
high when all these taxes are re
moved. V ; -; v
**The views which ; Senator Sherman
here expressed and which many, other
Republican statesmen- entertained
grained such ascendancy in the coun
cils of the party ithat a .plan for th&»
revision: of: the r tariff* y was made a
distinctive featur« of President Ar
thur's administration. With the sanc
tion of a protectionist Congress a com
mission was appointed for this purpose
in 1882, consisting, with 6ne exception,
of the chosen representatives of the
protected industries. /It spent several
months .taking testimony" and made a
report in ¦ which itrsumnied up its
conclusion in these words: .
the 7 Government, take^ care of every
body, # ;-a doctrine abhorred of, all sound-;
thinking .men./,', .;.¦'. \ : v ;; 7/ '¦; '-.'¦ y'r : , --':;
.^Protection did • not • come ¦ to . an end, ;
however,'" in".1842.*f" On ; the", contrary, ? it
was augmented , in ' that ; year:- from ';; l!0
per'cent to '82 per" cent 'average: The
next tariff, enacted, in 1846, " a re
duotion to 22 per cent— the Walker tar
iff.; There, was" a further reduction in
18S7.V in j .which ', the protected classes
themselves concurred," to a 20 per cent
average. r, ... ¦-
" cfVBD WAR REVENUES.
"The war of 1812 and the. embargo
acts which accompanied it stopped im
portation for the time being, having
the effect of 'a prohibitory tariffi - When
the war came to an end and the pro
tected classes were again subjected to
the competition which they had : before
successfully met, they demanded more
protection arid they got it. The; tariff
was advanced to 24 1-2 per cent aver
age and then by leaps and bounds until
1827. when it reached 43 per cent. The
latter has passed into history as, the
"History of Abominations." It was
followed by Clay's compromise tariff
of 1833, which reduced duties by a slid
ing scale, extending over a number of
years, to 20 per cent.
Mr. Clay was at that era. and, indeed,
during his whole public life, the: stand
ard bearer of the 'American systejn' of
tariff protection^ and I 'wish to recall
some words that he tlsed in a 7 debate
In the Senate in 1838, justifying his
course in advocating thfs tariff reduc
tion. He said: - - '
r 'No one, Mr. President, in the com
mencement of the protective policy,
ever supposed that it was to be per
petual. "We hoped and believed that
temporary protection extended to : our
infant manufactures would bring them
up and enable them to withstand com
petition with those of Europe. , If the
protective policy were entirely to cease
in 1842 it would have existed twenty
six years from 1816, or -eighteen from
1824, quite as long as at either of these
periods its friends 1 supposed might be
necessary.* v ,
"Mr. Clay here voiced. the prevailing
opinion of the country that the pro
tected trades were no longer in a state
of infancy. In fact, the infant indus
try argument was' then superseded by
the pauper labor argument. It was
now contended for the first time that
the tariff should bj» used to compensate
the American producer for the higher
wages that he had to pay, as compared
with his foreign competitors. . As this
argument has at times done great ser
vice, although now quite threadbare, I
will dwell upon it a moment.
"Inasmuch as the law puts 'the tariff
benefits exclusively in the hands of the
capitalist and provides no means for
giving the wage-worker his share, the
system virtually says:
"' 'Let the ; Government take care; of
the rich and the rich will-take care of
the poor."
"It is a short step then to say: 'L»et
dependent of. foreign nations for mili
tary and. other •supplies.',
Does anybody . say ; that have : not'
reached that | condition?" Does any
body contend "that the "United "States
is still dependent on ..foreign* nations
for military and other essential sup
plies?'- Have we not frequently, heard
the note -of alarm 'in Europe at the
American invasion of the^world's mar
kets by/our:. manufactured goods' and
especially those' of ; iron .and steel?
"In this rep<5rt Hamilton
a number of- manufacturing industries
as already established in '¦'- the United
States' in his time. Among Hhese were
leather, -Iron and eke!,- copper- and
brass, tiles and pottery, wood," paper,
hats, carriages of all' kinds, and 'most
articles of personal clothing, and house
hold use. These, he says, 'have j grown
•up and flourished with.a rapidity. whiph
surprises, affording: an encouraging as
surance of success* — meaning success^ in
other branches^ of 'manufactures." "if
these branches had grown , up 'and
flourished with surprising rapidity 113
years affo, what just claim of'extrava
gant government bounties can they ad
vance now? * ; r - ... - .->• "•
"Although Hamilton is - - usually
cited as the founder of 'the system, it
really began before ' him>- The first
tariff bill wis passed in' 1789. As or
iginaKy reported,' it was a tariff for
revenue only. Mr. Madison, who .re
ported Jt to the house, was > opposed to
protection on" principle, but "he yielded
in some particulars to the advocates of
that doctrine, so that his bilj became a
tariff for revenue! with some slight In
cidental protection; the average rate of
duty being eight and one-half per cent,
ad valorem* All of our tariff? until 1816
¦were of this sort and the \ argument
used to support the 'very^moderale pro
tective, features was substantially >the
same as that of Hamilton already
mentioned. * It was coupled also with
the argument, on which. Hamilton. had
laid great stress, that the competition
of domestic manufacturers-would.'-re
duce the" prices of goods, and % prevent
anything like monopoly. He did not
foresee the combinations of the present
day, organized to do away 'with com
petition. . - - - f
TARIFF IS ADVANCED.
Nominee Says This Nation's Protected I ndustries |
Passed Beyond the-" Infant" 'Ms a Geritury Ago
PARKER ASSAILS TARIFF IN SPEECH
TO VISITING DELEGATIONS
; THE; SAM FRANCIISGO :CALL, SUNDA# OCTOBER ;23 ; 1904.
28
; -: ' .-:' " v : AJP10ERTISEMEMTS. ..'A'.--' ¦- * ¦•;¦-".
ftnrui riirrjv CJIT OC IX - i^V j3}|SO ME*
OnC TV UTLrli Dll wr II* .,'-'. '^^/j- " 5^ f^Cf^' 9>S I
PROVE A^^^^^jy^^^P
f'U\\\\\\Mm yffl/Mm^^^^^- .IUUU K D^R% n iw"s e om 1 eTe«r»'airVnif:i
:«\U\\\VI\\\™» •¦v-W^^sa**^ i hair commenced to come out and in
*-*AV\VMWBBStoHF^*^^^ "'¦' ' aBUorttiine I got eo bald tb»t I wa^
'¦¦1 if this photograph and testlnuv j£^?J«.t«SSfiLfiSa!1 ;
'^«lr !S are "? t . t a *f olutel r » enuine s^ e^Vr d u: t^ t t 1 v o o o n:^e t s x s:; o hrr
•'^¦vWKJSSnSS^ «ua vnsoucitea. '¦ stopped falling out Isiu now on njy.
vi"'«vWv^m^^ * Thi« is nmof tvKittv* that fourth boVU«itn(JniTbalrHtthoi>res- :
••yiw^^ «. . f/1}* «»»Hr^. y P?* 111^ tnal ent tlm» it orer fire lnebrs ionir/ r
¦' '<yr DAN D ERIN E is . the ¦ greatest plow r mad early, where it was dead
rUir and l«alp invigorating remedy .%^&£^ll£teSS?$ifi&:
WmtMk BB |BM the World has ever known. ereatiy annoved me. 1 cannotspeHk
F REE YoucangotoyourdruRgistandgeta IS?^W&J&^fS&fo
•-* ¦¦~™ bottle for 25c. which will be enough to r««" wrr tetpocttmtr^ * -.-.- .^
t satirfyToaithatiit wUlproduce hair;and do It qaicWy, of , F « D^^!« ',
•end thb ApVERTISEMENTto us with ten cents in ;stntpt or silver to pay postage,
"*" l ' jw* y<> n *Jarge ""P^ by return mail. * The samples we give are large
enongh^tovproduce s beneficial results, 5 in many'c»ei being enough fto'stop- bad cases
of hair uUing *ndstart thehairtogrowiitgaKahi^NOW on sale atalldruggisti, three
sues, 25c^« 50c, %\ .00 per bottk. KJI0WLT0N DANDERINE COj Chicago.
% i^/^§^ REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.
AD\-KRTISE3IIiyTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARGOAL
Few People Know How Useful It Is in Pre-
stTYing Health and Beauty.
.Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal Is the safest. and roost efficient
disinfectant and purifier In nature, but
few realize its value when taken into
the human system for the same cleans-
ing purpose.
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more
you take of It the better; it Is not a
drug at all, but elraply absorbs the
gases and Impurities always present
In the Etomach and Intestines and car-
ries them out of the system. V
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
tjnoking, drinking or after eating:
cnions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and lm-"
proves the complexion, it whitens the
teeth* and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
! It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal ""in one
form or anotfier. but probably the best
charcoal and the most for the money is
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges; they
are composed of the finest powdered
Willow charcoal, and other harmless
antiseptics in tablet form or rather in
tbe form of large, pleasant tasting lor-
enges, the charcoal being mixed with
honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
coon tell in a much improved condition
of the general health, better complex-
ion, sweeter breath and purer blood,
and the beauty of it is that no possible
harm can result from their continued
use, but, on the contrary, great benefit.
A Buffalo physician in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal says: "I ad-
vise Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all
patients suffering from gas In stomach
and bowels, and to clear the complex-
Jon and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is great-
ly benefited by the daily use of them;
they cost but twenty-five cents a box at
drug stores, ar.d although in some sense
a patent preparation, yet I believe I
get more and better charcoal In Stuart's
Charcoal Lozenges than in any of the
ordinary charcoal tablets."
CUT PIUCE5
.and Printings
Notwithstanding my low prices on
this work I do high-class Developing
and Printing and am the leader In
this class of work on the Coast.
DEVTLOPIKG:
Roll of « 10c | Roll of 18 15c
FKIKTTIWO:
Solio finish... 3o-5c I Velox finish.. 3c-6o
USE DAYL1QHT LOADIUG TIIMS
— I carry them in all popular sizes.
Popnlar prices. •» ..
AKSCO CAMERAS — Are always de-
pendable. None better on the market.
S2.OO up.
CIX.O PHOTO PAPER— Insures
beautiful detail and perfect effects.
Cameras repaired at .moderate
prices.
Try a Conklln Self-Filling Fountain
Pen. No dirty fingers. Does not leak
nor sweat. . S.'J.OO up.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET. Opv. Fifth,
BAN FRANCISCO.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montgomery Street. •
Capital paid tip ... , . $600,000
l ividends paid to depositors . 1,656,226
ICHA6. CARPT. President. V
ARTHUR LEGAIJLET. Viw-Pwaidtat.
LEON DOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
JOHN OINTT. Asst. Becretary.
DIXECTOKsV
}>t. K. ArtUrue*. Cbae. Carpy, . ' l«eofi KaufCrr.an.
<». Bozlo. J. B. Clot. A. Roos.
¦Ijeoa Mocqurraz.J. M. Dvpat, A LeffalleL.'
,J. A. Bsrserct. J. S. Godeau. J. j. Mack.
- Interact paid on deposits.. Loans • made > ..
"J>al Ksj •!•.(» and approved securities. .. ..
'¦' On' -October 2$. 1002, THE STORE ON THE SQUARE was thrown open to the public with a policy of GOOD GOODS. LOW PRICES
and LIBERAL CREDIT. The Store has been phenomenally successful, and made thousands o'f friends in the- two short years of its life. The third x
."year opens with increased facilities, with a;larf?er stock and with a more liberal policy than has been pursued in the past. We would respectfully re-
quest all' who are interested in beautiful furnishings to call at the Store and roam freely through the eight great floors. You are welcome ' at all
times, whether/ you purchase or not.
(T^mc^^mi iJ^SMiKM YC ' lJR CREDIT IS G00D - MtJF-CED. • H&:
COMBINATION BOOK- CHINA CLOSET. METAL BEDS. Heavy uprights. ROMAN CHAIR. Made sideboard. Solid oak. gold-
CASE. Solid Oak. golden Solid Oak, j golden . Qracefullv curved filline Carved from scIected auarter- en finish. Three drawers
¦finUh- Plentv n f « - finish. Wood select- -..^racetuiiy coma mime, carvea sawed oak Carved and two large cupboards. Top.
.niiisn. x-icniy 01 sneu e j f or its' beautiful chills. A variety of colors to se- back. Turned legs. ha« bevel . French plate mlr-
- H^ 9 lu!£¥ : -A*£ mT ??A g 5 a i n ' Ject from.. An exceptionally artistic Wood seat. Comes in ror. Entire piece beautifully
dious writing desk and ed,top. Highly pol- . . ' weathered oak only. carved and . v
magazine cup- C1/L. 7 C ished. C \ 7. Lf\ bed at a little price. -^0 00 Pricc ' CIA OC-^highly poiishecL "«17 OC
¦ board. Price.... 31D>f> , Price .... >P 1 ¦ »Dv Each.,;.... .........*P/* OV/ ; ..^'.-;^lUiLJ Price $A/«QJ
dreds^of samples . submitted^, the HB^^^m^^g '„„. J. . „,,^^^^^^ * M ' cheeJfdf y^eplace^Sv^rt 'found Te-
best factories in the world. The de- HttWI&j&SytggiSL? s *^ <* fective. It wilt positively cut your
-X^T^t-S^c^^jXi'^^. An incomparable display of exclusive designs. Wiltons, Bigelows,' fnel-MIl in half.
ty.but formtnnsic merit. Low pnee, | A^ms^^o^russeU. Tapestry Brussels. Ingrain and Fibre | liml $|.QB DflW Ufl' $1 i'-WlSfc
LAKESIDE BRUSSELS. .Designed and copied Trom Oriental Rugs IMPERIAL AXMINSTER. : Fine deep pile. Oriental and Floral
of priceless value.. An excellent grade of Carpet, which will give designs. Colorings that will harmonize with any tff I7I/
j lasting satisfaction. '..'.Worth $i.qp a yard; price........ ••• AC/». ' color scheme. Price nf r yard > *pl«lf a2
•:!- ; -. ¦-...¦...."....'¦>...:;..¦.•.••¦.•;.•.•¦ •••• ¦.....¦¦. wyv CASHMIRERUG. Reversible. Full room size, gxi 2. Artistic both
ART SQUARES. 6xQ.. AJ1 Wool, reversible. Choice tff. 05 in coloring and design. Price, each..;......,... tfii OA ,
¦ - designs- Each:.;.?:..............................'. ...;..'. •. . . ..... ,:;.v.
THE RENTING DEPARTMENT 1 THE MODEL COTTAGE I RUG DEPARTMENT
¦ Established purely for the convenience of Complete four-room cottar c, built in the You will find choosing a pleasure." The
: the public. A department^ where, all the besj fifth floor and. refurnished weekly. If .you Rugs are displayed in a manner which assures
i&l^km^i^^V^^^^^i a " ct > nte niplating andwish to vou that you- are finding the one design in all
will willingly furnish you information and- lists t lurnishahome, it will pay you to visit the Cot- the vast stock which pleases you the best. No
•' ¦-¦•until:' vou have found a house | or. flat that meets ; ' tage and see how effectively a small home can- matter whether it is a little door mat or the
; your requirements. Service absolutely free. ;: befitted up. at a moderate cost. ' , full roomsize,. we can please you., .. v -,:•.»¦
: ; - ! ' AD VKRTlSEitENTS. : .
BaEr ra^S Q R jSw h jsj Ej u ra W Li
r*"I had trouble with my bowels which made my
blood impnre. Mr face wu cot* red with pimple*
which no external remedy could remove. I tried
yoar Casearets and great was my Joy when the
pimples disappeared after a month's, steady on,
I hare recommended them to all my friends and
«ult« a few have found relief." ¦¦-. •¦ --¦'.. -
¦ t,C. J. Pnsch. IOT Park Are.. New York City. H. X.'
fm}^_jky '' The Bowels ,
'^BBfcs^' C * NDnf CATMARTJC - ".. - t t^T
. -Pieasant, Palatable; Potent Taste Good. Do Good.
•old in bulk. 2 Tha genuine tablet stamped C CO.
Guaranteed to cur« or your money back . ,
. Sterling Remedy Co^Y Chicago or N.Y. 600 *
JlKMUALSILEJEMMiLUOH BOXES
'-.'¦'¦'* j: i""*'** •*^* JT%M l>
. .-, \ 1 Vis Not l>7 |
' ¦ DOLLARS and CENTS |
2'M .r.WE HAVE JEWEL-
RY AT LOW PRICES
.: : . "WHICH IS QUITE
AS WELL, DESIGN-
ED ASrTHE MORE-
COSTLY PIECES ::
Bohm-Bristol Co.
. Jewelers and ... j
yy, : Silversmiths
/ly 104-110 Geary Street \\
\ • • - . ,.-"'_
Scroiula
Makes its presence known
by many signs,— glandular
tumors, hunches in the neck,
cut ah e bias "> eruptions, in-
flamed eyeiids, sore -ears,
oat or rh and wasting diseases'.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Effects permanent cures..': Sixth; 4race,tp one . mile— Telephone
won, :'.Tryon secortd,. Ethel Wheat third:
Tlme;''l:'40& f C •" .
Third race, five and a half fur
longs — Festian " won, San • Nicolas sec
ond, Toledo jthird. .Time, 1:07%. \
Fourth" race," the Foster .Trophy
handicap, $2500, one mile^-Dalvay
won, Otto Stelf el second,' McGee. third.
Time, 1 : 39 %
- Fifth race, one; and • a sixteenth
miles— Golden' .Mineral won, Never
such second, Bucdeuth .' third. Time,
,.,,,, 'ilimmftWM Plli flllil ill ilH
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 22.— Elm
Ridge racing summary:
First race, six furlongs— My Gem
won, Agnes Brennan second, Water-,
spout third. '''Time, 1:1414; s
Second race, four and a half fur
longs— Schoolcraft II won,' Squire
Johnson second. Pacific third. Time,
:55%. ' . ¦••-•'. "¦';•
Rich Handicap for Dal vay.
MEMPHIS, OcL v 22.— That Lou Dil
lon, the champion trotting mare, has
recovered from her recent illness was
demonstrated to-day when in an ex
hibition mile she circled the course in
2:01%, "despite a strong wind that was
blowing : up the back stretch. Re
sults:
2:09 trot, $1000, two in three—Alex
ander won the third and fourth heats
in 2:10, 2:12. Red Lace won the sec
ond heat in 2:10. -Tuna won the'flrst
heat in 2:08^. Ida Highwood, Patch
en Maid, Jim Nerry, Hall Fry, A De
light and John Taylor also started.
2:15 trot, $1000, two in three— Tom
Axworthy won the first and third heats
in 2:09 *'». 2:11%. Lady Patchen won
the second heat in 2:12%. Maud Max r
ime, Redwood, Swift B, Governor 'Me-
Cauley, Bermuda, Fair Maid and Jolly
Bachelor also started.
2:04 pace, $1000, two in three —
John M won two straight heats In
2:06%, 2:03%. Nathan Straus and Lo
cander also started. ;
2:10 pace. $1000, two in three— Ash
Rose won two straight heats in 2:07*4.
2:10%/ Little Sphinx. Personette and
Fred. Tell also started. .
LOU DILLON SHOWS
RETURN OF FORM
Some people never give anything
away except their good opinions of
themselves.
At a luncheon given at the home of
Mrs. James H. Davis in honor of her
nieces, the Misses May and Florence
Palmer, who are about to depart for
the East, a surprise was given the
guests by the announcement of the en
gagement of Mrs. Davis" daughter,
Miss Jessie de Forrest, to Edward H. J.
Moldrup of this city.
Drawing pencils and papers, drawing
Instrument?, draughtsmen's supplies,
inks, sketch pads, oil colors, drawing:
boards, thumb tacks, crayons and eras
ers; always the best. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Art School Supplies.
EDINBURGH, ; Oct. 22.— By a ma
jority of 3 to 1 the Court of Session3
here to-day ordered that the judg
ment of the House of Lords August 1,
placing in the hands of the twenty
four Free church ministers who op
posed the union of the Free Church
of Scotland with the United Presby-
Scotland Awarded Custody of
$55,000,000.
Two Dozen Free Church Ministers In
COURT OF SESSIONS ORDERS
EXECUTION OF JUDGMENT
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 22.— The following
visitors from San Francisco are reg
istered at the California building:
Mrs. John A. Prinsen, L. Morgan, L.
A.'Bergert and wife, M. Hollis, W. G.
Metherolt, H. Metherolt, W. H. Hol
lis, Mrs. H. H. Lynch, O. A. Baker, R.
J. Somers, Mrs. O. Thompson, Mrs. A.
Ortion, M. " Simmons, Mrs. A. ' W.
Scott, J. G. Sullivan and wife, C. E.
Gibbs and wife, A. W. Scott, Mrs. R.
Kendick. Mrs. D. S. Sessing, H. L.
Brown 'and family, Mrs. H. Doscher,
M.*I. Welsh, A. F. Raymoung and
at St. Louis Exposition.
Many San Franciscans Are Registered
The rule of conduct In runaways, long
ego worked out from the experience of
horsemen, is evidently one that railway
travelers would do well to bear in mind.
The •'.vay of safety in danger of any
kind Is to keep cool and do nothing un
til sure that what may be done will
not increase rather than " lessen the
danger. Hasty action Is not the same
es prompt action, and fear is the worst
possible gufde in danger. To cultivate
the power of repressing fear and thus
leave the judgment unclouded should
b« the constant study of every one. Be
cause it strengthens that power and
helps to correct action Is the reason
of the horseman's rule of "Don't
jump!"— Chicago Inter Ocean.
Action In Runaway*.
VISITING THE FAIR.
terlan church the whole of the prop
erty of the Free church, valued at
about $55, 000,000, be applied immedi
ately, ..
wife, A. Tx' : Dodge and- wife. A^ H.
Bachelder, C. Daniels, W. F. Duffy,
Mrs. E. T. Houghton, Mrs. H. bustard,
A. P. J. Brltt, Mrs. E. E. Hoffman,
F. M. Walker, C. H. Evans, B. Fran
don, T. I. Welsh, A. D. Stenhart, H.
Stenhart, F. L. Turpin and wife, M. T.
Gale, R. C.^Robinson, J. Lownsand, R.
E. Houghton. F. G. Shiolin, J. C. Mur
ray,. Mrs. A. B. Price, Mrs. A. B.,Wel
els-burg, J. P. Britt, G. C. Carter and
wife, M. Mangas and wife, A. L. Leng
feld and wife, S. W. Callys.
This year, for the first time, all th«
children in the schools of Berlin were
examined as to their health. There
were 15,000 children and thirty-six ex
aminers. The results were astounding.
Ten per cent of the pupils were found
Insufficiently devoloped in body or mind
and had to be excluded for half a year
or longer: 16 per cent were not strong
enough to attend school owing to the
debilitating effect of scarlet fever and
other diseases; 15 per cent suffered
from anemia or scrofula; 5 per cent ha<j
tuberculosis trouble, etc. — Exchange.
Berlin School Children.
Four-hundred and forty yard dash:
Glarner, Vampire Athletic Club,
(scratch), first; Clifford, U. C,
Each event was warmly contested,
there being a good list of entries for
each feature on the card. While no
records were broken, creditable work
was done by the winner in every event.
The results were as follows:
Hundred-yard-dash: Cope, Stanford,
(scratch), first; Magnes, U. C, (four
yards), second; Klueberger, U. C, (one
yard), third. Time, 10 3-5 seconds.
One-mile run: Miller, Stanford,
(scratch), first; Keyes, A. A.-L., (thirty
yards), second; Newhall, U. C,
(scratch), third. Time, 4 minutes, 44 3-5
seconds.
BERKELEY, Oct. 22.— On the cinder
path adjoining the university football
field, athletes representing the ; two
California universities, and ' athletic
clubs as well, met ' this afternoon in
competition, to determine who of the
crack performers on track and field
shall .represent California- at Portland
during the Lewis and Clark yexposi
tion.
28 4-5 seconds. * "^
; Two-hundred and twenty-yard dash:
Walker^ A. A. L:,'jffive yards), first;
Richter/ U. C.,- (five yards), second.
Time, 24 1-5 seconds.
Eight-hundred and efghty-yard run:
Richardson, A. A. L., (fifteen yards),)
first; Demamiel, U. C, (five yards), i
second; Clifford. U. C, (scratch), third, j
Time, 2 minutes, 5 3-5 seconds. i
Pole vault: Whittaker, Stanford, j
(one foot), first; Dole, Stanford,
(scratch), second; Irwin, Reliance,
(scratch), third. Whittaker vaulted
10.30 feet and Dole 11 feet.
Running high jump: Clifford, U. C,
(five inches), first; Kant, A. A. L..;
(eight inches), second;" Hall, A. A. L.,
(scratch), third. Clifford cleared 5 feet
and 8 inches.
Sixteen pound shot: Blakemore, U.
C-'.' ¦ (three feet), first; Gilmore,
(eighteen inches), second; Nishin, U.
C, (two feet), third. Distance, 40 feet,
4 Inches.
Running broad jump: J. M. Neigh
bor, U. C, (two -feet), first; A« Neigh
bor, U. C, (scratch), second; McNa
mara, A. A. L., (one and a half feet),
third. Distance. 21 feet 5 Inches.
(scratch), second; Isgrigg, A. A. L.,
(two -yards), third. Time, 53 3-5 sec-
Two-hundred and twenty-yard hurd
les: Ligda, Vampires, (scratch), first;
Carter, U. C. (scratch), second. Time,
The fact that there will be no al
lusions to politics' in ; the. circular is
looked upon here as ending the policy
inaugurated by the late Pope Leo XIII
and Cardinal Rampblla, former papal
secretary of state, which aimed at the
transformation of the French Catho
lics into supporters of the republic,
Pope Pius' recommendation being a
union of good Catholics to defend re
ligious interests.
ROME, Oct. 22. — The Pope is now
working on a circular to be addressed
to the French clergy. It will make no
reference to politics. The Pontiff will
merely encourage the social and re
ligious action of the clergy.
Pontiff's Communication- Alms nt En
couragement of Religious Action
and Will Avoid Politics.
GLARNER CAPTURES THE QUARTER MILE
POPE '-PKEPAKIXG CIRCULAR
TO THE FRENCH CLERGY
Stanford's Noted Athlete in Form
at the Handicap Meet. '„¦§
DOLE VAULTS ELEVEN FEET
Detective James McCluskey, w&o
was wounded in yesterday's battle,
died to-night.
The train robbed by the men was
known as the "diamond special" on
the Illinois Central. The robbers en
tered the Pullman cars and went
through them with drawn revolvers,
taking all the money 'and valuables
that the passengers had, then stopped
the train arid disappeared. One or
two of the passengers who" did not re
spond quickly enough were struck on
the head with their weapons. .
ST. LOUIS, Oct. : 2 2.— Believing
himself about to die! William Morris,
alias Blair, the leader of the' three 1
suspects who killed Detectives .Shea
and Dwyer in yesterday's desperate
battle and who was himself wounded
in two vital organs, to-day confessed
to having been implicated in two; train
robberies, after his identification- by
railroad men as one of the four men
who robbed the Pullman passengers
on the Illinois Central "diamond spe
cial" between Harvey and Madison,
111., August 1.
The identification x was made by
Lawrence B. Combs, conductor of the
train which was robbed; W. E. Shep
herd, the baggage man, and William
H. Burch, flagman at Madison. As
soon as Combs saw Morris he said:
"The last time I saw you you had a
gun a foot and a half lonsr."
Morris smiled. "Yes, and I've got It
yet," he said. . (
"You were the big fellow in the
lead," said Combs.
;"Tes," said Morris. "I'm going to
die and I might as well tell the whole
thing. I held up a special World's
Fair train at Columbus Junction,
Iowa, the latter part of July. We got
nothing in the job." .
chine shops* and mills. Thousands of
our capitalists are accepting this gen
erous Invitation and they find that life
and property are as well protected in
Mexico as in any State of our. Union.
Many of our own cities can learn a
profitable lesson that will benefit the
people if they will punish violators of
our laws with the same quick hand of
justice that prevails in the Mexican
States.
"California is especially interested
In cultivating the friendship and good
will of our neighbors in Mexico, as
many of our best and most enterpris
ing citizens are allied there by family
ties. Furthermore, our people have
extensive mining, . commercial and
maritime relations with our progessive
neighbor, and not a day passes that
the vessels of our State do not visit
some one of the good ports on the west
coast of Mexico, like Mazatlan, Ensen
ada, Guaymas, San Bias and Acapulco.
But, better than all other 'reasons, we
believe In the republic of Mexico; we
rejoice in its achievements in self-gov
ernment, and our people Join the Mex
ican citizens annually on the loth of
September in celebrating Mexico's na
tional anniversary, and in paying a
tribute of respect to the memory of
Don Miguel Hidalgo y Castillo, who in
1810 struck the first blow for the lib
erty of Mexico against the oppression
of Spain.
The evening ended with an address
by Admiral B. H. McCalla, who re
sponded to "The Navy." and was
heartily applauded.
Colonel Joselyn responded to "The
Army" in place of Major General Mac-
Arthur. A fine reception was given
General Torres when he rose to re
spond to Colonel Joselyn. He re
ferred generally to the advancement
and development of the Mexican army
and its patterning on American prin
ciples. He ended with the. hope that
the armies of Mexico and the United
States might ever continue in the
friendly relations that exist at present.
At the conclusion of his speech three
hearty cheers were given General
Torres.
"The able statesmen of Mexico (and
among them are" our. honored guests)
have, with President ' Diaz, inculcated
a spirit of patriotism among the young
men of their republic, and the love of
country has become an inspiration to
those who will, in God's own time,
take the places of those who now con
trol the Government. This means the
prosperity and happiness of the people
and the perpetuity of the republic of
Mexico. In the development of your
varied and inexhaustible resources, in
the prosrress, advancement and attain
ment of your people, in all that exalts
a nation, the -United States extends
the right hand, of fellowship and be
stows upon your country our benedic
tion."
Tells Police How He and
His Pals Held Up Specials
on Two Eecent Occasions
INJUEED BANDIT DYING
(M of Sen Wouride<T iii Bat
i tie With Detectives at; St.
Louis Makes a Confession
TRAIN ROBBER
ADMITS GUILT
Vice President
Corral of Mexico
Guest at Banquet
Distinguished Mexican Entertained
by the 'Citizens'. Committee.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, "1004.
Continued From Page 27, Column 7.
29
- • / ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL NATIONS PAY TRIBUTE TO PE-RU-NA,
THE WORLD'S RENOWNED CATARRH REMEDY,
l—WWWCTW»WW.'<iM...».i|i hi I mi i, . I. I. I.III.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.I.II.I I.I 1.IMI.1 Mil 11.1.1 i.i.i.i.i ill 1 ..¦ ¦ .. ..I ..',..,..1,^.... 1. I... .1. J.' ¦ '.l.l 1 1. .1.1 Ml 1.1 1. inn in .1 1 I
RAILWAY TRAVKIfc
a woman has been told that to
save ber life it will be necessary for her
to undergo a dangerous surgical opera-
tion, especially •when two well-known
nospital doctors agree that an operation
la the only help— to be quickly, thorough-
ly and painlessly cured at a trifling ex-
pense, such a woman must surely be
grateful. Well, the Electro-Chemic
treatment has cured me after I had suf-
fered untold misery for seven years and
after two of the best family physicians
in San Francisco had told me that the
only thing that would save my life
would be a surgical operation. I am
happy and grateful to the Electro-
Chemic specialists for my cure, and I
want every suffering woman to know ot
this wonderful new treatment — so pain-
less — so pleasant — so quick in its effects
and bo cheap. My case was one of those
distressing ovarian troubles. Tumors had
all formed and the pains in the lower ab-
domen were awfuL The pains and weak-
ness in my back at times were almost
unbearable. I was dizzy. I could not
*at. I was sick at my stomach and at
times could not sleep. My picture at the
top of this article Is quite good. My
name Is Mrs. E. W. Suttle and I live at
2Co. 3 82 Perry street, San Francisco. Any
one interested In my wonderful cure is
at liberty to call on me for further par- '
ticulars.
If Electro-Chemistry had accomplished
nothing else but the cure of suffering
women, keeping them off of the operating
table, it would take a first place amongst
the greatest of modern discoveries as a
curative agent, but Electro-Chemistry is
the most successful treatment now in
use for the cure of Consumption. Ca-
tarrh, Asthma, Bronchitis. Rheumatism.
Neuralgia. Locomotor Ataxia, Falling
Bickness. Epilepsy, Dizziness, Headaches,
Spots before the Eyes. Piles. Fissure,
Fistula, Stricture. Prostatitis. Varico-
ccle. Nerve Exhaustion. Cancers, Tu-
mors, Old Sores and Abscesses. Weak
Heart. Palpitation. Shortness of Breath.
Insomnia, Blood Poison, Skin Diseases.
Eczema. Goitre. Swollen Joints. "Weak
Back. Kidney Diseases. Bladder Diseases,
Bright's Diseasa, Diabetes, etc.. etc.
The Electro-Chemic examination is the
most reliable examination that any suf-
ferer can have. Such an examination
will quickly show whether a case is cura-
ble or not, and this examination is now
absolutely free to any sufferer applying
at the Institute for it. The Electro-
Chemic Institute occupies nearly the
whole first floor of the large building at
118 Grant avenue, corner of Post street.
The oflice hours are from nine to five
and from seven to eight, daily, and from
ten to one on R.undayp. There are re-
tired and private apartments set aside
for the male and female patients. The
Kl«>ctro-Cliemic Institute is the only in-
stitution on the Pacific Coast doing this
work. The office is centrally located at
31S Grant avenue, and persons desiring
to consult the Electro-Chemic specialists
will do well to make no mistake regard-
ing the place.
Tnr fClertm-CheTnic home treatment is
very pupoossful and patients who are
Ekk and who live at a distance should
try to come for personal examination
when possible. When this can not t>e ,
done, a short description of principal
symptoms should be sent In and full in-
struction* regarding examination and a
home course of the treatment will be ',
promptly forwarded, free of charge.
., - .. /__•;'¦•¦'_.. - ¦¦ -¦¦ "- ADVERTISEMENTS.
MMMB»MMnanBaBMBHnaMMaBgBBMMaMMni^^ anm— taaummma
'^¦Sfrht^ Four Good Reasons
iSSIfev Iii ' /ffy /W£ Showing How We Save You Money on
'¦¦ Mflde-to-Order Clothes
jL -3%£y : '^'^~ U ~iikt ' yz *^*^>-=.' y j . Here is our tailoring proposition in a nutshell:
' '.^^^S&I^Bfcfeik 5' rr^''.' -'¦- '¦ We CAN and DO make clothes of every style at
W0^9^^^^^m P^^aS^^^l- 2^^-- — - \ much lower prices than exclusive tailors. We can
4 '5*^^^B *• 'f^&'s -¦¦^-yS 'i^gJLt^ save vou f rom £ 5 t0 $10 .on a suit or overcoat.
; - ;:^^^Bftj ''' KeP L 1- — We buy the cloth in large Q uant i ties
:--; II :t|^^^P O^^f^^^fflv direct from the miils - O ther tailor s buy cloth
lIllltBWii^ *" ) * I / \ '^'Wffl from jobbers. The jobber's profit is tacked on
'•^^^^prtS^S^B--'" '* . * 0-S^i"^^^^ 2. — We make the garments at a fair profit.
• ? ; -' : ??^^pMs - 1 y M ' W ¦&^^^^^S^^^S 3.— We are not compelled to allow for
r:^ : # r^^»}f|B > \j' *¦: .• ;^^&*^^^^^P^^ suits left on our hands as other tailors do.
~W$BW&m ' : * Should a suit be returned or uncalled for we
fMM i^^^?^^^^ illiilllif place ** in our readv ~ mad e stock at a reduced
SIS •^^S~-£S^^^^Bll}yj|^^^^^^^^ price; merely to cover the cost of making.
{.'¦W \ '<¦ Having no ready-to-wear clothing, other
.¦W^S''' W^^-'^^^^SK^^Mi^^^Sm^' tailors cannot do this. You pay them your
Klif > : 8^^ :^^^^BlKSBi^^^^^Ti'' v proportion for their uncalled for garments.
< ? s^^^M^y^^^r ' iff - ~'v- \ti\\ have to pay for bad accounts contracted by
•¦ ¦ y vjome and see the new fall and winter pat~
..-.¦: .¦ :>' terns we show. Prices $10 to $35.
Underwear $500 I £. .*! AA/oJJFTk, f(\ I w. : .iStSSrU» to
m - Made by the Brooklyn knitting Co. \J I V ll^VV^IU exclusive hat stores. ,Our pncoi ¦«•$"*
Hiehest grade garments of silk and worsted; T^.i Tv« V- r-r-r— ¦—^ -V* $i..w and $2.00. See the caps, then you will
$8.00 and even $10.00 values for $5.00 a suit. • Via ;»*««i> * c* «- a '#* ' iv 11 li ejj reaUze their value. They come m doth.
v , - I 740 MarKct St., and Cor. Powell and Eddy leather and cravenette.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
San Francisco, Sunday, HZ October, 1904.
¦¦.-'•. > "-'-¦/ ';
This modern, attractive
oaK sideboard, $30
Large cabinet with double doors, drawer for linen
and two drawers for silverware, etc. The mirror in
back measures 16 by 28 inches, and on either side is
a small shelf. Ornamented with carving, as shown
i*!i picture, and finished-golden. Measures 43 inches
wide and 76 inches high.
¦ (Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary St., at Union SquareDeutscher Club Gives Ball.
The ball and banquet of the
Deutscher Club, which took place, last
evening at Golden Gate Hall, 625-Sut
ter street, was thoroughly enjoyed by
those who attended. It was the. oc
casion of the fourth anniversary of the
society, and about 300 persons took
part In the festivities. After the danc-.
ing and the banquet a musical pro
gramme was given.
Card Systems and Cabinets.
$2 buys a card index drawer, 500 rec
ord cards and 24 guide cards. Loose-leaf
ledgers, price books and crood printing.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 74i Market street. ••
When a widower begins to tell his
troubles to a widow she knows he is
going to ask her to share them.
The volume of dealings in stocks has
risen this week . to an average of more
than a million and a half shares a day
and the question of the active : Interest
in the market in a large" following out
side of Wall/ Street has ' become no
longer debatable. As ; a normal re
sponse to: this development there has
been a free distribution of holdings to
the' newcomers in the " market by the
speculators, who saw attractive' profits
on> the, previous extensive rise. The
market, showed the effect of this realiz
ing and by midweek was subjected to
a sharp reaction, in consequence of the
increasing burden of the selling and the
formation of an influential 1 party
among sold -out bulls who v favored a
reaction for i the purpose of shaking out
weak holdings of the new iorig^ interest
and of affordlng f an" v oppbrtunityto.get
stocks at a; profitable ; lower .level
'of prices. ;. The eagerness of waiting de
mand •. restrained , the • reaction and • the
market continued to manifest "a strong
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— Speculation in
the' stock market continued on much
the same lines to-day as during the
whole week, with sales in the neighbor
hood of a million shares for the two
hours of the Saturday session. A pro
cess of digestion was very perceptible,
especially In* the high priced standard
railroad shares and St. Paul broke
ltt below yesterday, giving the mar
ket a ragged appearance toward the
close.' Ontario and Western also lost a
point of yesterday's gain. On the other
hand very aggressive strength was
shown by a number of low-priced
railroad stocks with Erie the leader of
the group. Amalgamated Copper made
a brilliant advance bf over four points
to the high level of the year. There
was large and determined buying of
Rock Island, the" stock rising about a
point. United States Steel preferred
was unable to hold Its own point ad
vance and the same was true Of
Pennsylvania, which came later into
the movement. The 1. irregular tone of
the market" is indicated by the above
movement. The bank statement show
ed a larger, cash increase than was in
dicated by the currency movement.
The loan increase of less than $4,000,000
was considered moderate in view of
the activity of the speculation during
the week.. The net- result Is the first
recovery In the declining tendency of
the surplus* reserve since that! decline
set in from the high figure of $64, 457,800
on, August 20.
Total sales. of bonds, $4,525,000. .
John Mooliey, an employ'e of the
Pacific Lubricating Company at Baden,
was killed in a frightful manner yes
terday afternoon. He, was working as
an oiler at the works and was sent to
fix a piece of machinery. He became
entangeled in a fly-wheel and his both
legs were quickly torn from his body.
The injured man was removed to
St. Luke's Hospital In an ambulance,
where he died after an amputating
operation was performed with the
hope of saving his life'. The dead
man was taken to the Morgue. He
was 35 years old.
John Moolicy. an Employe of the
Pacific Lubricating Company,
Meets a Horrible Death.
WORKMAN'S LIMBS TORN OFF
. BY GIGANTIC FLY-WHEEL
MILLION SHARES
QUICKLY SOLD
absorption power: There was nothing
in the week's news to discourage the<;
rise in the market and the good news I
of .the week had little bearing on the j
specific movements of prices. But j
speculative enthusiasm ran high and
the emotional element was prominent
throughout. An excited demand for
pig iron, the placing of large orders for
railroad equipment and the enormous
export demand for copper pointed to
the welfare of the metal industries.
News of a less definite kind played a
part in the violent movements In spec
ial stocks. Ontario and Western was
said to have passed to the control of
the New York and New Haven.
The bond market has been active and
strong but the chief attention was
given to convertible and speculative
bonds. . •*.
United States 3s have advanced %
per cent on call during the week.
the eleven ladies were in the house
during the afternoon and to one of
these Is attributed the theft by the
police.
THIEF STEALS
VALUABLE GEMS
Mrs. Emil Hirschfeld. wife of a
prominent insurance man, reported to
the police Thursday night that her
residence, 1373 Masonic avenue, had
been robbed of S2160 worth of dia
monds and Jewelry. The theft oc
curred during the afternoon. The
Jewels were secreted In a chamois
bag under a mattress in Mrs. Hirsch
feld's bedroom.
Detectives Dlnan and Wren -were
detailed on the case, but thus farfnave
failed to fasten the crime on any one.
Detective Wren says that he believes
that some persons familiar with the
premises is the thief.
Thursday afternoon the hostess
pave a reception of eleven of her in
timite lady friends. Before they ar
rived she says that the jewels were
si'.fe in the place where she had
placed them. When she retired for
thf night she was startled to flnd bag
and all gone. A hurried search was
made and all the doors and. windows
were found to be intact. No one but
"Sam" McVey, one of the colored
heavy-weight pugilists who have had
the honor" of being whipped by "Jack"
Johnson, .aspirant to ( fight the ' great
Jeffries, was in Judge Mogan's court
and. testified for the defense of George
Stewart, champion cake- walker of the
Pacific Slope, who ' fractured, the skull
of Louis Gomez, a Portuguese' trouba
dour, by casting . him . violently to
earth one iilght on Pacific street after
the twain ! had orally ' competed for the
favor of ' Miss Anastasla 'Johnson,
premier danseuse of ; the Afro-Ameri
can contingent of Barbary Coast so
ciety. /
Mr.' McVey had apparently attired
himself .with a view to making a strik
ing ; inipresslon in the tribunal,' and In
that he ".succeeded.' ' His baby-blue
sweater \ was , relieved by
sea? green facings'; and a burnt ; yellow
neck scarf, t 'and hlaf trousers ' oif vari
colored; stripes' were so' tight \ fitting as
to make his \ herculean ', nether, limbs
look like ' mammoth sausages In " gala
garb.' His : patent leather pumps did
That *a coltee pot cannot legally be
designated as a deadly weapon was
opined by Judge Cabaniss, and in ac
cordance with that opinion the charge
against John Clifford Jenkin was,dis
missed and the complainant, Harry
T. Mollair, advised to file an accusa
tion of battery.
The two men were discussing politics
in their boarding-house, 860 Howard
street, when Mri Jenkin abruptly ter
minated the argument by smiting Mr.
Mollalr's head with the coffee pot.
inflicting a severe wound. When the
assailed one's face was cleaned of the
mingled blood and coffee he had . Mr.
Jenkin \ arrested and specifically ac
cused of committing an assault with
a deadly weapon.
"Perverted use of the coffee pot by
the defendant did not necessarily make
it a deadly weapon, or even deprive it
of its domestic character," .said his
Honor. "Othello smothered Desdemona
.with a pillow, but it would be absurd
to classify a pillow ' as a murderous
implement. Again, we have seen cof
fee .denounced as a deadly fluid by ad
vertisements of substitutes for that
beverage. Even the coffee that mother
u?cd to. make Is thus alleged to have
been insidious poison— an allegation
that is sufficiently refuted by our sur
vival to boast of the unexcelled qual
ity of the coffee brewed by our mater
nal relatives In the long ago. ' But in
my Judicial experience this is the first
time' I have had the coffee pot accused
of being a deadly weapon, and I hope
It will be the last."
John Fitzgerald Murphy, playwright,
told Judge Mogan that his assault upon
Landlord Reavis of the Hotel Meredith
was committed in self-defense,, as he
delivered the kick when he was pinned
to the bed by the assailed one and two
other men who had entered his apart
ments without invitation. Mrs.
Murphy, with whom the defendant was
quarreling, told the court that she did
not desire to testify, | and she was ex
cused. Mr. Reavis said he had retired
for the night when the woman's de
spairing shriek, 'Kill me quick and
have done with it," Impelled him to go
to her rescue. He did not Invade the
room, but was dragged into it, despite
his semi-dressed condition, by Murphy.
The two men who aided the landlord in
holding down the dramatist until the
police arrived also adduced some unin
teresting testimony. Murphy then
stated that he has left the Hotel Mere
dith and will remove his trunks next
Monday, and the case was continued
till Tuesday in. order to see if he keeps
his word. Mrs. Murphy displayed
much indignation while her husband
was testifying.
Koenlng lives at 59 Prospect avenue
with his second wife, and at No. 65 on
the same thoroughfare dwells the wom
an from whom he was divorced several
years ago. When the family was
divided Bertha accompanied her
mother, who was left in comparative
poverty. Several months ago the at
tention of Mrs. John Pettee, manager
of the Universal Service Society, was
called to the fact that the girl was not
being properly cared for and investiga
tion disclosed the fact that the sooner
she became the wife of one William
Hansen, an amateur lightweight pugi
list, the better chance would she have
of saving her honor. So the wedding
w6s effected by having Hansen arrest
ed for vagrancy and arraigned before
Judge Mogan, who gave him the alter
native Of marrying the girl or spending
six months in the County Jail. A few
days Inter the bridegroom disappeared,
and since then the young wife has been
working as a domestic. Now her ap
proaching maternity makes it impos
sible for her to toil. Mrs. Pettee was
again appealed' to, and she haled the
father into court to ascertain if the law
could not force him to do what paternal
feeling is naturally supposed to prompt.
The law was powerless in the matter,
because of the young woman's wife
hood. And the father openly exulted
in his immunity from compulsion to
perform a fatherly act His wife/too,
made no secret of her satisfaction over
the Judge's ruling.
Until her trying period is over the
young woman will be cared for by the
Universal Service Society.
Police Judge Cabaniss expressed re
gret that the law did not make it com
pulsory on John Koening.Vivory turner,
to contribute to the maintenance of his
16-year-old daughter, Bertha, until she
is able " to provide" for herself and the
babe that Is soon to demand her ma
ternal care. The father was seemingly
gratified to find that he could not be
legally forced to aid the child, and
angrily rejected the court's suggestion
that he donate $25 to her. She was a
married woman, he said, and It was not
his fault that her husband had deserted
her. Besides, she had been impudent
to him and her stepmother. Not one
cent would she ever receive from him.
Of course she was his flesh and blood,
and it was true that he owned prop
erty and could afford to give away
more than $25; but were those any
reasons why he should reward her dis
obedience with kindness? No, sir.
George Whitelock was plundering
George J. Nagle's trunk in the latter's
room at 334 Third street when he was
caught In the act and to-morrow he
will be formally accused of burglary
before 'Judge Mogan.
Antone Kardes and Prank Kallaa
had a quarrel night before last In the
latter's saloon on Howard street, and
Kardes fired a pistol with evident in
tent to slay his opponent. His aim
was bad. however, and attempt to
rmirder is the charge on which he will
be examined before Judge Mogan next
Friday.
He will be sentenced next Monday.
When asked what his occupation was
he said he, had .been; employed by Dr.
Morton of 75 Cole street. The police
opined that the ma,n was drink crazed.
T. G. Pilklngton. a British subject,
went into the Central police station
last Friday night and abused the at
taches so outrageously - that they
locked him up for disturbing the
peace. When- he was arraigned be
fore Judge Mogan and asked what he
meant by such conduct he deflantly
answered that he would do the same
thing over, again if ho felt like doing
It.
"You must want to go to Jail,"
quoth the Judge.
"1 don't care a d— n whether I go to
Jail or not," was the rejoinder. "I
have been In this blasted country
twenty-four years and am dead tired
of it."
• • .•
S. P. Allen, who stole a suit of clothes
from S. T. Davis, was arrested by De
tective O'Dea and discharged by Judge
Cabaniss. It was proved that the de
fendant committed the larceny in or
der to obtain money with which to
purchase medicine for his sick wife.
Neither the man who lost the clothing
nor the detective who captured the
thief appeared eager to prosecute and
the Judge tempered his sense of Justice
with mercy.
• • •
Thomas Dolan, accused of cruelly
neglecting his five children while he
"electioneered." was released In. order
that he might assist the police In find
ing his wife, Matilda, who was similar
ly charged, but he gave his blue-coated
escort the slip and when they again
ran across him he was hilariously In
toxicated. An extra charge of drunk
enness has been entered against him.
The woman is still at large and the
children are cared for in a public in
stitution.
• • •
Case continued till November 2.
Stately exit of Mr. McVey, with a line
of admiring colored persons In his
train.
not glisten more brightly than, his face,
for the temperature of the courtroom
was _conduclv% to copious perspiration.
In a languid manner "The Oxnard
Giant," which la Mr. McVey*s ring
sobriquet,' Informed the court that he
was a "puffush'nal prlzef\ghtah," and
that he witnessed the encounter be
tween Mr. Stewart and Mr, Gomez.
"De two gemmun had some wuds," he
testified, "an" wun remahk borryed
anudder till bof wuz berry much ex
cited. Den I sees a black objeck In
de pocket of Mlstah Gomez", an" dtn
I sees Mlstah Stewart push him, an'
den I sees Mlstah Gomez fall ag'ln
some rocks."
Police Judge Gabaniss Expresses Regret That
Law Limits His Authority.
John Koeoing Relnses to Help Young Daughter
SPURNS HIS CHILD
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER : 23, 1904.
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
w^_ ;____; ApyragrisKMEXTs.
I Announcement !
g \Vc have recently opened at. no Geary street a hand- S
t* somely. appointed salesroom for the. display: and sale of our «
| high : class WALL PAPERS.; : ' ' . |
P Our stock of paper hangings is the r most seiect on the g
S Pacific Coast, and comprises exclusive designs and colorings |!
w in both Foreign and Domestic papers. «
5 We are prepared to ,do all , classes of Interior Decorat- §
<£ ing and can send a representative competent.; to make sug- 8
§ gestions and furnish estimates. S
% Your early inspection is cordially invited. , > X
| L .TOZER & SON CO. j
g no Geary street. ; 762 Mission street g
They are the natural antidote for |
liver and kidney troubles and cure con- i
stipation and purify the blood in. a way I
that often surprises patient and physi-
cian jallke.. „ .
Dr. R. M. Wllkihs while experiment-
ing with sulphur remedies soon' found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti-
pation or malaria. < I ¦ have been sur-
prised at the results obtained from
Stuart's Calcium "Wafers. In'patients
suffering from brtls and pimples , and
even deep-seated carbuncles, I have re-
peatedly seen them dry up and disap-
pear, in four or five days, leaving the
skin clear and smooth. Although
Stuart's Calcium Wafers is a proprie-
tary article and sold by druggists, and
for that reason tabooed by many nhy-
siclans, yet I km>w\of nothing so safe
and reliable.fqr constipation, Hver and
kidney^ troubles^arid -especially iri all
forms of skin disease aa this remedy "
At any rate people who are tired ot
pills, • cathartics and so-called blood
/^purifiers," will find in Stuart's Cal-
cium .Wafers , a' far. safer, , more - pala-
table and effective preparation.
Our grandmothers knew this when
they dosed us with sulphur and molas-
ses every spring and fall, but the cru-
dity and impurity of ordinary flowers of
sulphur were often worse than the dls- j
ease, and cannot compare with the I
modern concentrated preparations of }
sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium I
Wafers are undoubtedly the best and j
most widely used. : I
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health:
sulphur acts directly on the liver and
excretory organs, and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elimin-
ation of waste material.
Nowadays we get all the beneficial
effects of sulphur in a palatable, con-
centrated form, so that a single grain
Is far more effective than a tablespoon-
ful of the crude sulphur.
In recent years research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur
for medicinal use is that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold
in drug stores under the name of
Stuart's Calcium Wafers. They are
small chocolate coated pellets and con-
tain the active medicinal principle of
FUlphur in a highly concentrated, ef-
fective form.
The mention of sulphur will recall to J
many of us the early days when our
mothers and grandmothers gave us
our daily dose of sulphur and molasses
every spring and fall. i
It was the universal spring and fall I
"blood purifier," tonic and . cure-all, '
and mind you, this old-fashioned rem-
edy was not without merit.
The Idea was good but the remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any
effect. !
For the Human Body in Health and i
: • r Disease. I
What Sulphur Does
APVERTISE3IEyTS.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STJREET r SAN FBAHGISCO
Adjotalar Call Bulldlnsr.
A TRIAL WILL COSYINiE YJU
Wo don't try to see how much
we can set tor our Shoe*. Our
Idea is to see how icood a Shoe wo
can give for the least money. We
don't want big profits. We want
to sell the greatest number of
Shoes at the smallest profit. Our
low. prices begin wltn the begin-
ning of the season and last all
year round. That's why we are
always the busiest store In the
city. SPECIAL TtT,AVlTR WT-
*»awwat»t.t» VALUE — Toun?
Ladles' Extra Quality Vtcl Kid
Lace and Button Shoes, made with
durable extension fair stitched
soles, circular vamps and heel
foxlngs. newest shaped toes and
patent tips and new low school
heels. Sizes ZV* to «. Widths C
to EE. EXCSPTZ09.AX VALTrE-
arvraro price 81.20
BARGAINS FOR BABIES
A genuine bargain while they
last! Infants' and Children's Kid
and Cloth Top Button and l*ae«
Shoes, made with neat coin toes
and tip*, hand-turned soles and
plain or spring heels. Not a pair
In the lot worth less than $1.00.
Our reduced price to sell every
pair 3Oc
Sizes ltt to 2V» and 6 to 8.
Widths A and B O2TX.T. ' We do
not guarantee to nil mail orders
VICI KID BUTTON !
- Compare this value with the
best S2.00 Shoe you ever .pur-
chased and you will flnd It even
better: Ladles' Fine Imperial Kid
Button Shoes, made with neat
shaped toes and patent tips, flex-
ible sewed soles, full straight
vamps, new dull mat kid- tops and
stylish Cuban heels. In looking
over our new fall stock we find
two lots almost alike; that's why
you get the benefit of OXJB BE-
DUCED PXXCB 81.4O
Sizes 2ft to 7. Widths C to E.
SURE RFLIEF FOR TENDER FEET
Solid comfort for house wear
and warmth for the cold winter
months: Ladles' Seamless Felt
Lace Shoes, made with neat broad
toes, durable hand-turned soles,
comfortable low heels and all
warm fleece lined, with ¦ neat
leather sides. Sizes 2H to 8.
New fall stock at SPECIAL SALS
FBXCE 05c
WE ARE HEADQUARTERS FOR
HUNTING BCOTS
WE SLAVE AS HOIESSE AS-
8OKTICEZTT O? MEN'S KUBBEi
AJVI> LEATHES H. U AXIS' Q
BOOTS AID STXBVEYOKS'
BOOTS. ZH BLACX BOX CALP
OR TAB* RUSSIA. MASS EX-
FKE8SLY FOB SPOXTZSO PUB-
POSES. CALL AND NOTE OUK
EXTBEMELT LOW PB1CE3 AITS
SEE SOW EASILY YOU CAJT
SATS TBOH SI.OO UPWARDS
OK EVEBY PURCHASE 1ST THIS
PEyiBTMIBT.
|||§S wlilD
DOUBLE EXTENSION SOLES
It pays you to buy this kind for
the boys. They will wear well and
are always worth half-soling:
Boys' Durable Vicl Kid Lao?
Shoes, made with double extension
sewed soles, modern shaped toes
j and tips and full straight foxlngs.
Prices extremely low - for - such
good Shoes. Width* C to E. "i
Little Gents*-, sizes,* sprinfir heels.
9 to 13 *«.;:.'. j\. .:.*.... <91.1 5
Youths' sizes. 13% to- 2.'. ,;*t.3O
Boys' slzev-2% to 6% :.'... ".Sll4O
waBaTOP MAKE U? YOUB
vxmyro fat *n.r,o po* a
YAXB OP SXOSS WHY NOT GST
THB BSST THtAvrj; x Jf THE MAB-
KET. • OET A ME2» f S . TBUE
MXBTP SHOE MADE BY BUCX-
IlfOHAM ft XSORT AND XATB
THE SATISPACTTON OP X3IOW-
TSa THAT TXSBS ZS NO BET-
TEX- SHOE SCADS.' WE ' AM
SOLE AGEfTTS rOB SAN PBAN-
CISCO AND CABBY A COM-
PLETE STOCK ZH BOX CALP.
VELOUB CALP AND VICI KID.
SIZES 6 TO 13. WIDTHS B TO
BB. OWE PBJCT.. ..... ...#a.5O
mah. OBJiats numi.
B. KATSGH1NSKI
10 TXZXD ST," San Praadaco.
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ " ¦: -V- : -'--'
¦ / "-¦¦* " *» ¦' * '¦"''**- - ' ¦ ' ' -'¦¦'¦ *''' r ""' ¦* ' - . . ¦ ¦ , , - - :
I Our Forced Sale With Cut* Prices to Clear Our Heavy Stock
il Thirty carloads of holiday goods that cannot go on our of our warehouse or our Christmas trade will be lost. We Avill
R floors for a month because the three extra floors we are "adding make room, for we are quoting prices that would make a her-
U are not completed. m ' t furnish his cave. And at the same time we are giving liberal
p *" credit on these cut prices and holding. the goods till you are
¦ We must make room on our floors and get these goods out ' ready for them.
I K&dd£ig0&iJ% 515 DRESSER - Of illlllgj^fi i ' $20.00 \
U n 11 Mld^, * nd bke IP H/ ' f^^gF 3^* $40 MISSION .SIDE- #L . U
rl «vL •$! cut. well guarantee B» , ; f IJ R>ARn_ Dii^ of th<»
fl «- $41.50 J* voa will not get it at \J $8.2d W ' purest old ,' Mission .
I S60 EMPRESS DRESSER tKs F rice ' ;__ rHIPirnwiPI> $25 CRYSTAL or CHINA designs we have, and $28.50 C H I P P E N D A LE
I $ -Solid oi UdS C£v!l CQ O ff $ 'fi? f a "'e?n2 "m?! C * BINET ~ ° f V*& * ** bafgai °- BtFFET ~ Of fc " otifu11 *
| Dressing Bureau, cxquiritely *?V.OO 5 drawm with lo^E^nd ««d « golden oak. Con- ifcOQ^fl grained, piano polished oak
I SSv/^e/" 1^ A Manv piece, in b.d- t^^SStS^ vex bent glas, doo, 5U StfSBgr* »» **
B Oil kt\ room furniture cut re- Cft Off <£|Q (\(\ Reductions Galore In eon nn
fl $41.50 gardkn of cost \]>li/.UU Dtn n* Room Goods x>^U.UU
1 S!5DIVAN-OfHrch,d«p- $l0 ROMAN MALL f" *~ if L,V« ft ' H»k« r AiS : linw I '
a ; ly mahoganlzedj ipring rH . ID n i • / U, SI65 ° BRASS AND IRON I jl *_
I *-• $7.75 -* - Beats, ititched upholster? CHAIR- Or for wio- U— ¦* BED - In white, greeo. jj) II
R and covered with assorted dow corner. In $|2 PARLOR ARM cream or gold. Made of . >t_ $7 25 \tL_
PS $10 ROYCROFT CHAIR— rilka and veronas. A big weathered oak, gold- CHAIR— Fcr cor- heavily twisted steel, with *~ .
| leathered; aurterede- cut. en oak or mahogany. ner or window graceful bra J5 filler,. $11 MORRIS CHAIR- Solid
H sign and upholstered CO "7£ /- j » \i chair. Mahopanv - <£ll ftfT golden oak, adjustable
R Spanish leather seat $9.75 . G*™* « eat and f£Jsh faith b act 3>H.UU. back and assorted velour
D £*.. mm p ' • gracefully curred up- «rrin^ seat and " ' cushions.
K 5>7.75 Our parlor ioods floor rights and arms. •• e 5 vei | d ., In ; V ; Dozens of Iron Bed Spc- $7.25
Ihr: Z T77— Is most crowded of all. Cut to , aorted "„.,", clals for the week. Do —
g A lane number of Mis- and prices are reduced -»» wre " not mlss t hem. : Also Your chance for a ho I-
g slon designs cut to make accordingly Some bis Qfi ftft CC GCZ many cuts In Baby Cribs day gift at a clearance
|g room on our first floor, bargains In many pieces. i.*p\*»\9\J and Wardrobes. price.
I -— *<k^- 5I4 WRITING DESK 1 COAT £ND HAT RACK-Hana- $30 HALL STAND -'Arts \9B37ffffir9?ft
H /¦-;^>l' Another gift special. Mis- /S^^^fer^^N in* Rack of solid oak : 4 pins and Crafts" weathered de-. YSJy&y&gfc
U f v -s^fiV..V won design, weathered fin- £?*#>#)# a a I a \£l sign with umbrella rack, box t TSISt!
3 .^>2<§§fe}Sw fch, rolkfoaki rtrong but diamond shaped mirror. While selt, French mirror and gun ' ISw J
U dainty * they last - 75c metal hat and coat hooks. \ fl flfCV* I \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunks and
Le atiierJBo 0 d s
- W,e '-have now on •display', .the
¦^most; complete and vup-to-date
i{stock?bf> -trunks : . and ; i;* leather
' goods shown in ' the 'market.
vMpderate prices. \\ \ First-class
; goods. ; : :
A. B. Smith C6:V
116 Ellis StreetLineman ';. Electrocnted.
SACRAMENTO, ; Oct. 22.— -Gus Cun^
nihgharn, ; a* lineman employed by; the
Bay; ¦ County Power -.Company, ; : was
killed -by "electricity while working. on
a ;pole^ this morning. - He caught \ hold
of • a \bafe f wife; = receiving '4 4 0 ;,vblts.> t
CHKYENNE, Wyo.; /Oct.: 22. — The
women voters. of Wyoming will piay an
important. part in the national and
State next month/; and realiz
ing this, the candidates on the Repubr
lican.t Democratic j 'Prohibition^ arid So
cialist .'tickets fare doing ' everything
possible \ to; secure these' .votes. ¦ . Nomi-^
nallyX there 3 are'fslx V women
ihsWyoming.' for, every, ten ! by, the" rnery
but -present indications* justify the pre
diction :'that 1 not.'; less "than- eight, ; and
possiblyj- rilne,-; women- will v vote for
every^ten men 'that cast their ballots.
v The -wonien are polity
ically : at 'about Uhe ¦ same ¦ ratio 'as" the
men. ". There were in. the last .election
five ; Republican' votes cast V for -' every,
three for'the -Democrats and | Socialists,
"and >^ere; J were/abbut*;five' Republican
women < votes ;if or,'; '"every.. 1 :, three 1 for the
Democrats": and j Socialists.' : The Prqhl-'
bitlon < party} draws " equally] of .women
votes ¦ f rom ; both .ofjthe leading ; parties,
but this] year, there being; no gambling
or, liquor, issues : bef breathe public, ; it > i3
predicted', that' the {woman Prohibition
vote^willibe very iight. y . • : -
:¦ Since]' the> inauguration^" of woman's
suffrage ~ in ; Wyoming, and since the
.women -first' took j advantage^ of the
right f to vote^t i has been '. a ; noticeable
fact .that wives, ; daughters, ; sisters and
other women^ of a ; family vbtedt just
"about ; as ; the * man -« did. : * There have
. teen", a few exceptions, where a candi
date ''was -known , to .be '¦ unpopular^ with
theiwqmen/] ,. ?:_¦.( :'.'] ~-\ J .'"^ ,-',.-,
Therej appears .to i be i a marked trend
among 4 the women • of ; Wyoming , toward
¦President 8 Roosevelt. I, The' President' has
campaigned 5 In ;. Wyoming, has i hunted
here] and.^a year^ago" last '-May.'h'e "spent'
a ; week • as^f a' :: guest V of , : the i ;^Wyoming
"people*, v {bo* ¦ that' he j Is probably /better
known ; to , the women • of i th'e : State** than
any,,- Presidential .»; that has
"preceded '; him: '¦ "'. His ! expert' horsenian-
EpecUl Dispatch to # The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 22., — Beerbohm
Tree's revival of "The Tempest" ought
to have a page to Itself in the perma
nent* annals of the stage of; our ; time.
The reason this Shakespeare fantasy
has been given so rarely in the pres
ent generation is doubtless that its hu
man and drama tic interest Is so thin,
and that the expenditure required for
enough scenic interest '.to supply the
deficiency has been appalling. -But
whether or not one considers Tree a
great 'all-round actor, no one' can deny,
his zeal, taste and lavishness as a % pro
ducer of plays. Thus it is thatt'The
Tempest" now fills the big stage, of
Hi* Majesty's Theater with scenes the
SAN DIEGO. OcL. : 22. — The oleac
weather of the past week has worked
to the interests of the crops and
counteracted .the damage which the.
recent rains threatened to work- with."
raisins, beans and 'walnuts. The only,
damage has been to apples. Raisin
drying is completed. •
Benefited by Fine Weather.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Inn^dnuiig;Thej Comprise
an Important Factor in
Elections in the" State
Beerbohm Tree's Bealistic
' Production of "The Tem :
pest" Is Talk of London
Dress Suit Coses and Bags.
We don't Bell all tha -best suit cue*
and v basa. but all the suit cases » and
bags we do sell are the best; same wltn
trunks, pocketbooks and wri»t bags. All,
lettered in gold free'of charge. Sanborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
ALL CALIBANS
OUT-MONSTERED
WOMEN VOTERS
FOR ROOSEVELT
like of which have not been equaled
except perhaps in ' the same actor
manager's " production of "Ulysses."
Gorgeous opal sunsets, groves of deli
cate flowers, impressive- rocks for Call-,
ban's cave, wonderful ' stretches 'of
sand and sea, wierd grottos, dainty wa
terfalls/glints of light shining on
rugged peaks, troops s of nymphs,
swains and monsters; rare care! for
details of costume- and above all a
shipwreck beyond precedent for 'the
opening scene-r-nir were contributed
with open hand by Air. Tree. to. this
collaboration of his with Shakespeare.
Probably no such adequate shipwreck
v-as ever put on' the stage before. The
ship, rolling and tossing madly in flt
fnl gleams of lightning, filled the
whole front of the stage, instead of be
ing represented at a distance that
would .permit details . to be slighted.
There ' was such a terrific roar .v of
storm that all; the- dialogue -was lost;
I but doubtless , Shakespeare, himself a
j keen manager, would have forgiven
'this loss for the sake of gain in scenic
effect. \> . ' * ;
TREE PLAYS CALIBAX.
. Tree "chose^ for himself the part "of
Caliban, and of a ' certainty/ out- t
monf tered dll other Calibans of stage
history. _- t His horrid, "-: hairy* ; sllmlness
as he crawled ! forth for his '. first ap
pearance, ¦ gnawing a. huge raw. fish,
seemed well-night too - inhuman,,- too
/ • -¦ >' - y ¦¦¦<¦ ¦...-.- ¦•«¦•. ¦.. .. -*- : ¦
loathsome., to be 'simulated; by. a man
•and a brother,; beyond sense i of ..hu
mor, nauseous. Rarely, if ever,- has an
actor of high standing -and, personal
dignity made such I sacrifice : for real
ism. When Trinculo, the : jester, com
plained of the stench of the .monster,
one could almost. fancy that the cause
of complaint was apparent to the au
dience, too.
The other notable feature of the per
formance was ; the , /appearance -: of
Tree's "attractive young daughter sViola
as Ariel. Nothing' was ' left .undone
for, her in the 'way of providing her
with' the center , of the stage, '-with
limelights and with elaborate settings,
and the? general verdict seems 'to be
that she acquitted' herself V; gracef iilly,
and ! well, although >. without much evi-"
dence of that mysterious quality called
"personal magnetism.";
David Bispham 'writes, In' response to
ray inquiries . for; further ' information
about ;"The Vicar of which
he Js arranging to' produce In' the form
of; a Hght^ dramatio? opera, 'that the
libretto 4s being . arranged » by - ; "a ] very
celebrated man"— whoever*; that;? may
be. ¦¦ : ' ¦' '.- *;,¦;. • '¦¦ .- if :'";' ; -
STORE OF RICH »IATEaiIAIi. "
The.muslcis being: written by f : Liza
Lehman," who" rose'; suddenly ' to - inter
national fame b£ her "Persian" Garden"
mxisic^a ; height, from whichj she* lately
fell \ to i the; depths -of ' "Sergeant- Brue,".
for. which she " wrote, music " t ; painfully
unworthy/of. her.' ; ."Goldsmith's bobk*: is
replete ,,wlth'j. musical ; suggestions,"
writes .; Bispham^i "and of <• these our
liberettiBt . J will jnake , the .fullest
The;,wonder"; to me is ;that' : this ' lovely,
EngliJfh stdry^ hai not • iTeen'requlsltibried
long 'ago , ! as anVopera. .*- When ¦ the ! Eng£
lish begin ' to seriously^ thera
lies jf at < their - hands \ anjimmense Vstore
of material,;' as yet j quite gup touched,*'
and as 'fine i &a": that r of 'any • btherjnai'
tion." .- '; Bispham jis' *' sailing ' in : a. few,
days for /a ' long concert^ tour,: through?
out the United • States ; and Canada, re- ¦
turning • for / the ; London* : season" J next !
May. '¦{ , ...; / i .\' : ;' : ;.;.;. " . ¦• "¦'¦_¦_ --.^..i
H. G.'.-Weljs' ! play, > which ':¦ has I been
written for" iames j Welch;-* is "" tb^b'e|'a
'stagV;Vve'rsi6n'/fof-%jth^^uth'or's^h\3yel;
"The :: Wheel '-' of TChanee',74 but ; the first
act lsltb":deaj Twith^ events /previous to
the 'opening^ ofUhe'f novel.' 7-; Welch* Is "to
plaVithe Dart of Tthejold' manV:J^./; " : ' "
Mascarjnj'B|new^opefa7 ; iVAmica;''. is to
have . its firs t ; n i 5I1 1 :}n Monte 'Carloh next
spring ; in ,' the J'conduc*
tor's^chalr/ and * CalvetinHheUitle rrole. 1 '
It is to be a rnodernltra'gedy.ifdr^whlch
has a good effect in the campalgna,
which are cleaner In every way.; Thai
Wyoming "politicians* are' less ' corrupt
than those of many other States be-.
cause of the influence of tho woaieni
voters. . '
the 'scene is laid on a farm .-in 1Pied
monts - ' <.-'•
¦'¦¦[ Frau' Froitzheim, a German opera
singer,'; had her; flat in Hamburg | paint
ed a, while. ago.; The man who was sent
to dothe job^sahg at his work. one day
when I he: supposed no one was around,
and Frau I Froitzheim," who [was | in » the
next , : room, :\ concluded, after '¦}. she had
listened for a few minutes that she had
made, a great discovery/ She called the
man ' ln?and; had him sing to ? the Vpiaho!!
His .voice"; proved to be a tenor of . rich
quality,' '¦> '¦* and / extraordinary "> ; ; ranged
Hamburg- folk '•were interested : in. the
man - and \ have .¦ subscribed- : money
enough . to ' send him to \ Berlin,' \ whither
he is now (gone to' stildy, for [ the stage-f
taking.his 1 wife and a broibd of children
witti'himV .-- '.":'. v "
ship, dash' and affability and his •West
ern ways appealed ,td' the women of this
State and it -Is certain that all" of the
Republican . women j and J many of .the
Democratic women 'voters will favor
the, Republican ", nominee", giving to
Roosevelt .the largest woman vote ever
cast for *a Presidential candidate in the
State. '/ ¦¦¦";"¦ \\
.'.The women of-Wyoming take almost
as much interest in politics .as th«
men. They are:, well read- and ikeep
posted on - the ; issues ! of a ' campaign.
In *- the ; past ' candidates . have i been de
feated where their, election seemed cer
tain, .by the .opposition' appealing to
the women. Wyoming! women now fill
numerous positions -of important pub
lic - trust,; to " whichV they, were '• elected
only after hot -flehts against male can
didates. i.The" Wyoming woman'candl
date gets out - and i. stumps ''the/- State
with the meri.'and her, presence always
THE SAN^FRA:NGISGO^CALL;:2SUNDAY^GGTQBER 23, -1904.
31
kJ& \. . WiBk °f l ier l^ e - 'Becoming
a mother should be . a source of joy r to all;;but the sufferirigVahd
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend is the only. remedy ; which^.relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternit^i^this'jiour.which^s^dreade'd^as.womanji'
tevcrc6t trial is not only, made painless,; but fall the 'danger* is avoided :
by its use. Those who "use this remedy are no- longer despondenrbr
gloomy; rierVousness, nausea and other distressing conditions- are
overcome, the ' system is ' made ready for the coming eyent.Vand ; tho :
serious accidents so'common, to the' critical 1 * * . *'
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's KS 4\ft&^/^R^9£>
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," [WaSgHagH^B
says many who have used jit: $1.00 per^ If ¦xFSBB%^a V
bottle tX drug ! stores. Book containing "¦-
raluable information of interest to all; women; will " gQ B^H /fLWk4%
be sent to any address free upon application to S"| Bf"||8|
BRAD HELD , REGULA TOR^TO^'-'^lfeMf^^Oa-^^'™:,";/*^""" 1 ;
" . .; ADVERTISE3IEXT5. . -
k < > |g| t?V :** ¦:..:¦¦¦¦::¦:¦:>¦:.¦ ¦¦- :¦ :... ¦¦/./*.;. .
• • - '*%'•' - * •K'v^i "¦¦ "*¦
r>^ *3? y Vj^' y.^^^^^SjBP^BB3^^H^^Kjc^sJ^|SMji^BWBBHfcgyB£^ffih [^.^v -v ; /• }/y <
1 v -'An up-to-date.- modern.' downtown hotel ls» shown In the above cut.'. Mr.' O, H.v Von;' der
Mehden, proprietor and manager. ha» spar?J neither tlm*nor expense tn bringing the interior
furnishings and accommodations up to the highest *Undard. as he ha« entirely renorated,
newly ciarpeted and equipped the entire UOO rooms , with jiew mattresses, pillows, furniture,
etc.. and the (act of electric lights being. in every room adds much to the growing popularity
of this hostelry. It is easy to reach by all car ln« and; central .to the various amusement
houses. Mr. Von der Mehden pride 3 himself In conductins the house in a strictly respectable
manner. As the arrangements on the several floors are planned. It renders thU hotel a most
desirable place for. light houaekeeplng. ;.' An Inspection of the premises Is invited at all times,
when; the, very reasonable term* can be ascertained *nd reservations made. No house ln^the
city Is better prepared for transient and regular roomers. In conjunction wltfl the house taer*
is a finely equipped cafe, with rooms for use of commercial men. Mr. <\on der Mehden. through
hie .' cordiality and ' genial ¦ manner v to guests, coupled with hospitality, has made his hoOM
widely known throuchout the SUU. -¦ ... M*M
THE EMPOIUTJ3L..-' I -THE K31PORIU3L . 1 • THE; EMt6rIU3I^ '.-•/ 1 \ EiiPOmUM. . ; ; 1 ' THE , ; EMPOIUUM; ¦ ' I , THE EMPORITOI. I ' THE EMPORIUM.
Card Engraving— Cut Prices ' s^^^L : ; / A^i-^WB* ~'"^->* - ¦ : J&&^L' ¦ [ Jftaaw* "¦ Hi*wB*^f£m9Z*ri*h '%
Until closnj time nsxt Saturday we will agin take you- rngraving or>i-rs for carss* wedding A^7tceounir%, J" /f^jC - _ -' /^^oSi'^^. • • ".'^"^ ** B sM "" %3I B f£MlLM%£ \
/"^^ exdmiveVstalioner5u:OHld charge, W^ nbtoptn i A: '' /// JU f V ' tiF '< ttmlM '\~M- mm- m W^-" Z
you. fh! work wiil be don: in the mM artistic and very best manner, in i'.r'etly np-tc-dat: M j, artN at aur W r~d^ S* /f/s*^ 4/ A iS Za S9k A' 'M M M X*s*r ' ¦ F$ * n &Y" t\ M* **+&**% f*B% SI&aBJfg^fS BZS&tttStJ «
SSSiS^ 1 ** als " K Zl U & l^J& / /$-^O^Fff^ILlAJyUJaT' %l *>%*» 1? r-Mr^sn%mME aWMMJktSfUl *j*8Ma&gjf r : ;
100 Cares ar.i P ite, r.sme enly, in script, only $2 25 ur *au- JjJ £B S M M&jf C/f %0rJ%/w / & / &'li M > p»ll<% Jjjl * Ott Sale f* J^^lTl JT JT SB^t ft 3 "'*
'"/"^'^^rr^y 1 ™ "^^7 c aufornia's J^JjjSm~~~~~~~ Monday ****** *-VMff3U .;
plain old Enp'.kh, tor $1.75 loo Wedding ¦ Inv:ta:icni, VguarW f z"-.co |VH 'jaBi^^^^AMFRl6fl'qrRANDFST STORE,' ''wJBSSw^'-- h - $ " — "^ ?^ tfrme&wjtojmihfi^fa-iscite't^-ihiti^ $
ico CarJi and P.*rc, tinted Od Enjliih, name ........... $18.5 J |j „ -^ggSBBB***!^ MJYlcniWM O.UHMriUW I jot wnt< •* *^Jj&r ssll for 5CC. Fully 150 varirtJes. . You can hivz all cnt kind, or mixed, aj you prefer. - •<
c S?^/Sr The Modei Hate I Safe BeauiefiBl $^5,00 Grop^ Gowns $29.50 \ Half Price Neckwear Sale / \
d&mgiL'?*$ for S825-QO 'Monday and Tuesday- will be Gown Days in The; Emporium- -'Balance of a jobber's Utock of - ii^w^ i a'-.y '-T^r^ I
Bc ?' lnn " ln 8 Monday, choice of any of our and m addition to Xne-mosi important sale. • i^lL UreS&&tltr\S&y3mW\ imported' ovcrcollars, enibroid- l^MfJ^-^^ •'
reDch and mod ' c! ha ", values up to of evening and reception gowns ever an- t -prOpSMi^SU^W5}:y ' ered stocki and-fancv wash stocks %
S&JStlW^m^^ ?4o.oo, aii of them bright, neiv, .ty!- nounced by! the .big store,' we^wiiii make, our; Ksl9P Monday and Tuesday only— Well made, ... .. .. ,.\ ,'¦'. ';ES5r^w^ W-^rrrq I
ish and in P crlc:t #5*SC f%f* mid-season display, of the very latest con- \£W&& '¦bracefullv draped" black and naVV white; .dainty,, becoming. |- --^l^k^^^- J
• Y^^SSk COnditi ° D ' '° r • • $2 5 -®Q t^^^JZ^^^n' W$ ilSfSin^f^k^ neckpieces that.would sell r CgU - *
SSfcWB dutiful D fcss Hat , Th, W.d be mark e fro m T^Uve^ ' ValueS.Up. tO *7.5<V Q « iarly at donblcthe^e prices- "^M^^^^ |
V^f "^of^ac^v! %& e-Th cV SO uite ™ ™ (^»/« on specialsale, .each.^.S5" ™" be. offered b m.b .i,ic b=- &JKMf \
\r j c- ... - ' - ' t* • '&****** early September display), which will be «@OSSBiWl" Tirnn Kk:Trt<:_RACTnl?ir £S DO ginning Monday: .¦*.-,, . * tff %
yC^-d Special Ltaeol Dress Hats-Jncuding the popu- see n for the first time on Monday. /J^^K\i1 r? P KirtS — Ke g^ Iar U V V t 5
;« turban and French wi.or shapes. m«de of • • ¦ - (fW MSl^ 8 quality, correctly cut, ready to. 15c styles 8c 50c styles 23c And si.oo '-5
< choice velvets, taffett si ks and chenille braids, . The GOWn Sale \^\\ \O^^ 75c. styles 33c styles 48c '.*
trimmed with brcait, and fancy wings, a ful $7.50 worth in "-jry hit. Monday and Tuesday also, if quantities last, for the two da y s » £**% OCf ~ : : *
«°« r \>'J ' t* \' ' ' h ' V ; * * &&.S5 handsome, graceful Crepe Gowns (one fflW»\ ' 'each. ..!p3m35 Wrapper Flannels Half PHCO %
MJssey^Hata— la the new French sailor shapes, made of best came shair, style shown in picture), waistsbeauti- ' • • -V |\H\ \\\\ VWi • „ ' - ,' v .. :; Einht Dlf:tlnr>t Fiannai /lff AM /»~o «*«_,/*»„ , : «
bound %vhh ve>ct. «nd trimmed with, quilling of velvet? ribbon, finished fully tucked, yoke andsleeves, skirt made 1 \\\\\\\\\v * On account of the exceedingly Ktgntuisimow M-iannet Ufferings Monday i: g
with go:d buckle, were $ 3 . 95 , now . .' $2.50 over full silk drop and neatly; tucked, at -j-.jffl\ W Ww^iceof^esetwMirtsalterh' "hi vi 7^ -^" ™ V • WC "^""^"^ I
CHldrca'. Wide Brim Sailor Hats -The new almond shape crown, with top and bottom, having a graceful .flow- , -41^ \£ £ %£ «%™l S W^n^^lffi S^ d Jt °* ' S 'S^ I
, ... , , , r -. ' _ _ . r> . , -, .,-—. , •¦—•¦..'-—. Ill 11 i\V tintlKlf'nPfPSSflYV^ni'U.KtnP fhtlYirecL tne big store to-morrow wm snow Tarieucs ana oargains.ia- flannels that mean inMtandal saTlnn. V
Ch^^^Hr^^^V" 6^-^'^ 0 " * ' * ' $tm al 5 !pe train ; co!ors . whlt^v^nderandnavy. M\\ ffi; necessary, must Oecfiargea y-^^^^ |
Children s $1.50 Sailor Hats-Nevr.mcorn thap«, wrhsillc ribbon itream;n.-now . . 95O These, ROWnS -WOUjd be under priced .HI \ •¦ A \Wor : €Xtra.[ . .• '. .: " -jttithtzyj, : richly , colored . wrapper /and which is more important than the lewnei jj
I • ¦ ¦• _ ¦ - ¦-.: ~"~ ~ TZ __ •¦¦. ¦ at f45. 00. The mOSt astonishing! Value H- m W V\ C«,i.-t D. m »k».r* C'J;i* * A »-«,,, kimona:and waiiting' flannel*, in dark and . of price; a peat Tarietr of patterns and color' JT
imported COrSetS Half PriCe in garments Of this Character ev-r Offered ¦' WiU \ ! / S& ' i ™.^V l< V?? U}0Vt^V IlS ~ A X ieW ; medium eoloringV Monday on^.Vjf^ effeet,, initead of the w *l price, ice the S
A rare opportunity to procure a -genuine imported in San Francisco at the tffob ;: it#» - M ; v/ \\' snipmentjust- in b^ ex- :^:. : M^ 5
. --,, \ r ... J . . r , , P , r . M^ n ri au -m? Tn«fliu ™\r* &^ £* m £2 &Jt /fill ]} \V\. nracc CornrHoir f(\-f\T\\\r A 1-Wool Flannels— In fine tricot weaysj, 17 warnings— A mixed lot dainty tatn itnped .*
corset, filled with real whalebones, at a nominal price. Monday and Tuesday . pr ice.?^.«#*«#i#- m\ ,-/#. nv _;Pr e ss: bat uraay.^^U only. : lnehef wide,.te r jarnet l : biaek; new bro> n , : **™\ good styk, •< colon, oxford Jr
These are a number of broken lines of s'zes aodmodeK BeavtiMCrcpc Gowns— With silk, drop- skirt; '¦.Miy^ //W \\\ - "Even : length skirts,; with .-V nk » reseda,; laveiider, .etc,>:id coicrs } /»«»es,etc. ; worthxsctoiocYOA ?
Not every size in every model, but among- them will white - black $35.00 M } fj WV 24-inch jackets, made of f « *" ~"f T^; >«* -;**o |
be found some corsets to suit any figure. .There are white and black Nile Green Crepe Gowns si^ jPSKsaL • the very .latest'.Engl ish : .^f^S^^^r^^ nttJ^TivS"^*^" |
corsets, and beautifui light and dark brocaded effects. There are dr °P ••••••-.•••;•••• &J4.5U Zj/m / 7j ? JL <? \\ tf&2%fr>> check suiting, .mannish lz y iC a yard for bv thec2JC> a Tariety of *7-»eh 3 oe r .de . . . 24o ] x
long corsets and short corsets and corsets for heavy figures and Exceptionally elegant Crepe Gowns I \ \t \J^mp*> effects in blue, green, neat coloring priced for Monday, g. Hc«vy TwiiUd FUni^Wei f»?2» c* 5
sUghtones. Beginning Monday: ,^.. . ov f r llk dr0^' in whlte ' Jack and Hf^^^^^^^^ . brown and gray made y»d . "K^^l^^S {
$10.00 Corsets. • • • $5.C0 $4.00 Cor-etS • • • -$2.00 pale blue .. ..'... . $4-9.OO ) \ yxS^W^^i &J i m*jh J : tO Sell for $16.50, but Embroidered Flannels- N'cely hemstitched wear, meo*« .hirt. and winter dresK*, In 5
S 7 50 Cornets- . . ¦ S3 75 S3 50 Corsets . . . . Si 75 Other evening, dinner and reception "^ — i^-^ wehave^&^O SZn ani fancy scrou, yard wide wh;ts flannel* for navy, biacK, vicuna, icarht, etc., iwaad *
islooSrsets. ¦ . . JzsO J^OO SrseS .. : . ¦ fill gowns: : $65.00 Ao $275. OQ , ¦ & ¥:\ ;«^,t the unheard of^w^ yard gg , rf 4SC , here ..........: 28* I
Sale Silks and Dress Goods Dolls to Dress Grpcerles-Liquors Sale Children's Sale/ American Beauty White \ jj
For silks and dress goods that wear and give satisfaction there is Special Monday / .¦;; Seml-Porcelalri Dinner Ware $
no store better qualified to supply your wants than The Emporium, tf&s* SI. 85 : :^$ f ' B * i f? 3 "^ Children', kid lace. hocs^^gra; I > Tol'morrol^nother^ §^^^htt^rf^^^si 7nac]acx >
and there iS no Store Where yOU Can Supply your WantS for SO little Jj$Mk There .TCally isn't known'pVcc. and'g"^^^ "all goods' Sly wiih a velvet . fancy h 6 u«keepen a k» weeks ago- complete utt"and separate piece, of that handsome
money, especially When Sales like thlS are planned. s° much time left to fresh and P urc! In fact m great is the volume of. . "top facing, haild- 'MmM. lain ware, which '• aj thin and white as China.- Vf
Sale Dress Goods— Monday tnd Tuesday a variety of new weaves fresh from a&H^P drcis that doll you our grocery, b«ine S . that grccerie,' do not' have a . turncd SO ] CS) j^^M S10 Dinner Set- 100 piece, complete for 6 in. bread and butter plate, each 4 O %
the Etitern iooms, comprising faihiontble tweeds, homespuns, camel's hair A~ f?& are p'.anning to give c h"« to become u.le here. ¦ spring hee's, t A^^m 12 penons. Monday. .... 57-45 7 in? pie plate, each . ' Bo 'I
tnd Zibeline mixed suitings. Widths 47 to 56 inches, values from CfO^ h .#| to some little girl for B «on-B:st Eastern sugar cured, n_ce and fui] round toe 11^ Fine ,emi porcelain dinner .et-dainty pink gin! dessert pht«. * '.M *.*.-*. fie 5
75c tO $ I. ZJ, your Choice for the two days, yard CPw«jr . ? .W> Christmas. It VOU ' ': ' .•••••••••; tO^C and ,[ t n t figgl^ flower and gold edge decoration breakfast plate, 7c *
S d cW^U fc -M^ y .ndTu e .d. r . W hU=Habuu i ,6 1 hcr™c k »oW« |) M £ :£;£ «^*-^ G * Mi "'^ P ™J^ " ' \^L %1'^i^^. worch W^^^tSS^ »>-, — ''.id, . . '.1 -1 1 V. ". 1% J
natural Japanese 8i.k, because there is no starch or foreign fubstancc added J^^li the spare moments Pcar.ine^Tib tackage '.:•;'... . . : . . 8o ¦ regu!arly $i.5othe pair, *%**> ' Carlsbad China Dinner Set- Dainty *iolet ¦ Rearer coupe shape soup plates .. 7© ,
to give it false value. A most desirable fabric, 24 inches wide, wathes M • ;i ~W* when inquis'itive eyes' Ital : an Olive Oil— B:st importei, 1 gal. 51.92 - 'MondavonV &&G decoration, Nxe rtyle ooce plate. 4 O >c
perfectly tnd gives wonderful wear; also a cprded wash silk, in cream fc&NB are safcv cosed in v >iE»l.-. ••."...... . . . 93o 7 ' ' ' ' ' 103 pieces, f«ix v^nt $2 2. SO £X^Ti.V>« iV '^2° 5
Sud., ii,. -^ :Z£ cordd '0,; X +O c . D d SO c ,,h, i| SggP I fej^gpigit^ 2Sc AH-Llnen iSlfefH^^ f^^ #il S 5
. for tht two oay. ... . , 2So UU, m^ihV^ind^ i> fnoi. ...... .$27.50 S'»P J«. »lf «»'=»-b«lb.ndie .. s»o k
Pf*u <Je Cvgne »nd Librrty SatiDS — 75c ralue, in newtit colorings, \ard GOO «JH JfflJ n«..-, »-».- «J.,-«,<,«» ¦ OQ n Hs»nn§€t*9*t*hSt^W^ /#?#» - .' P*iSEf**WWi ' J -5
Crept O!ia-B,autifui A fabric for ev^ng wear, full lin, of colors, yard. . . $1.25 H H r advantage •••••• •• ; • • • • • -• nananercniei& ¦ IOC SQc fi ower decorated gold edge cuspidor, Monday only 29c. -5
«B of i our *P.ec" M( »*P r lmUrtedS a rdin»-French;x;»;, 3 ti'n.:iSS To-morrow you can buy all.linen __ ; ___ .
fl/^ lte/1/es m Sa/e P/efuras . f » j^giJSX !^^TV iE fot^ #?«» Sale Pe^ of **«^H I
Canvas Trunks 50c Kind 33c Ki dons haremetaj riveted join* at knee,- hip Evaporated Creams- pet °r A1-: cen^vj^ ¦••¦jy ... ... : -: Sale Monday "¦«
Canvas covered trunk, whh two fl^SmeVg-f Ittf f^ ASaVln B Of '¦ -«? bleached P e<I uot. priced for: to, ; |
tray, top tray wuh compmment for riirfl 1^^10x1 3 lhfHeS . t °-' IlOrr0^ y fe^*^ : Snc^5rS'r^^^ P ?^cVei^Ssj P^ r- of c .'^ v^T^ One -Filth ; 5 4^(1nUbedWd »7 O - I
hat. the bottom tray for drc^t. the piCtlireS, 1 UXl lllCneS -^ kneej, -i-r.f^^ B-..-U :i^A J! : M, 25o &«** 5?- H-ndkcrc^ef, at 'Monday'. ' ZZf C^S %7*£ ?tnT^ f . '• '.'S/S
trunk mounted With large full corner OUlSlde ITieaSUre, SUlt" b'sque head, sleeping eyes, mohair wig, shoes 1 Prunes, ; fancy San'a Oaras, S lbs... - .-.'^50 special sale price. . , TltlS Wedf '-\ tX J I^^ in. (double bed), yd . 23 %O >
bumpers, best lock, large bolts, and oKIa fnr olmAct onw ant stockings, ' ... . ' ;?l!^ 1 $ *?. B fv W '! I ?! l fy~^A-^.^ e ;4'*25 : Some are ' embroidered .lithe w.y around: ¦'.'- '' V- - - V-' ' * - / < c ¦ 90 b. (extra width), yd .. 26© o
z .trong leather straps: TOr allTlOSt any „ ln / 2 : t % in . - c a , in: Ji.eo McMu^nV. white label Srout-do,..S/.ff5 . Others hare embroidered corner.,' With open" Choice O^OUrentire Stock of San- Pmow Cases_Good henutitched case^ 4 5« • S
=8ln..5S.OO jiln..5 9.5O rOOITl* a lar^e VarietV I7in.$l.oor ; 9 e ," UI " C^^^ Ct ?" I' 11 ? ;' He ™?« e^J ! * e §'- work border; .till other, the narrow Val lord's .9x12; AmlllSter RV^S, 20 36 bches, each. , . .,. . . . 15 C ¦*
3oin. . 8.5O 36 in.. 1O.0O n f l,7 a ' c.Kl^fc m J A Novelty in Kid DoHs-Tb.t have mov- A vHGin^LarEe^ black bottie '" %t3a ; ':.^i^^- ; . b J^ r W different patterns, including —TTr- : -^
3 2in.. O.OO 3 8in.. 1O.5O OT lite SUDjeClS in re- ing m - n i r wh en put to bed are -.» arranged J^jJ |h /gj ¦ Bo5?"----- -*%S2' •' -^-L 1 !-.!*^ *«» ,«^ -Jf ¦ P J? 1 L< 1^- - V.-mariy-of ttie'^popiilar, Persian - Stamped LtnenS %
Genuine AlJgator Qub Bag, with brass afetiC COlOrS' Te^Ular- their eye, wilrrmain open or > ill dose Sauterne'orZinfandel- Extra v.iue;g«l!:55o" ; ' designs/ regularly, here: 5 27.50 . Safe MOttdaV 2
locked catcher leather nned_,o in. J3.00, dlliLIL LU1U1 j urt „ the little mother desires. Bsquehead, R oc k in d,Rye-Excellent.forVough,,, bottle,: ' <; Monday only, at . _...-... ...... J6O; ,^ be^h" : "' tf Of i?A „ '7 c V r , 't ' "5
11 in. J3.45, 12 in. J3.90, 13 in. J4.35, \y SOC each' iWOndaV lullmeuljointed; . * J :...-; SS« """ ; . " \," j S2«f •Off' - Hundred, of pretty »tamp;d hnens, doihes. 'J
X + in. t4-«S. *5 *S.*5. 16 in. Js.70, -V, ¦»¦ oo^ . 16 in. 51.00 20 i^ *a.oo 25 in. $3.00 NagleVBrandv-2^^yr.' bid.'bo'ttle^ ' i S/.25 FOr HallOWCCn .-..ning Monday ..T; : ... ; .center pkees, etc, aU ready to embroker;' V
, 7 in.l6.l S , l8in^6. S o. f Onty . ,^^^^^ • 33?. 18^ in. f 1.50 »^ .n. ', ChampionVWhiskey-Full ,,, bottle^.,.. JSO '/; Going to'give. Halloween party? .'We-faave • 3 OO best quality; Smyrna Rll**-^ tly-^ '"^ 5
: m } ; — ; r— — Our Doll Doctor— " ready to Moti's Swett Cider-Gal. . .{.; r:>- 4Oo: yon will need fb. yojr lights and- 'Oriental and floral designs, in any :.' - I5 "c JiecJ' 7o' 5
CambriG SklrtS $1*25 Flannelette mend any broken legs, arms, heads, or n~g*wn nif£»*<S far : the table'. Y " : 4 ;• ' • * ' color \ that you can ask ' for— the . - 3 sc p ; eC n '.'.'.'. '.'.'. 21 o %
«O nn l/f>/, f Ac <f fO GnwrtfS QSti othcr P am of disabled dollies, on "short^ —:"J^^" r^:&?r,*^ mm .-.Pumpkb head, transparent lantern, 15c, . g X I2 ft. .size.'larg'e. enoutrh' fort J5c piece. .......... 4flO "«
§2'OO ValUeS 91.19 .UOWttS.aOO ¦ notlee \ t rcisonMe pr i ces ; ¦; : ; i ; V ThetW^ftVe^Ctmie™& i**p*&^<*S ' very big room-'tll this week: : Afine'aiortment of tinted Bnen. for tabl. g
Only about ico ot theK eftra wide cambrx Monday and Tuesday — They are r $11 IMS WCCk fO for25c • Pumpkin head nove.ty lantern, 1 5c. : < y "' B *" • - ,. covert, center pieees, etc., now on w!a 5
ckim, with deep lawn flounce, and trimmed made of best quality tennis in pink and Cf Z*^^^,-,^-,^ y#g*» -¦-, *' ¦'*¦*>„ - w^ ¦ ¦¦'¦ m P kin btut "^ c ™» 5°^ 'OgS -. $28. OO from 75 c to |i.»5 each. - 5
regnlar fi.oo rahie, Monday # mg% with tr.mme4 yokes, extra wide and futl, tary fUling* and tu'ted; just think Vpf, it, red border only, e-ponnd^^..--' B ack Witch Cat candy boxe., 45c, 35c, J*$.ou rugs . . 9«V'UV embroidery, 0,710, tfie ttOSS tO em- jj
whfle quantity lasts .. . . . &1.19 all size?, each 95C only.. .... ..... . '. . . . 7GC weight, a great value at." . ..$3*98 50c, 6oc. , . JlS.OOrugS. . $ 14.4U br Older with' >
; \---:K v r:^y^j^^^ I] P^ s ' : :;'-.';^-:;:
To' prove it, I Send a Trfal Package,
IMl ¦ i V \ Fr «^^Mail>- ;Q-^3 '¦¦ '
' K • * : ¦" " -'-* ik«I 'Bb^^'^.
i "- * *^^H **•'* *'^;^*as^^sij ~^^^^
IS MK I *Im ¦ MBWal Ha *
ff^y 5T P^ •'¦- ¦ :^"^T--'-r»' ¦ '¦¦ ¦¦
\ ¦;:, It actually grows hair, stops hair; falling out,':
removes' dandruff and quickly restores luxuriant'
I grotrth ; to * shining j scalps, * eyebrowa S and I eye-4
; lashes, ) and : quickly, restores gray; or ¦ faded hair,
' to 1 1U no tural = colors Send » yourj name : and; ad-',
'dress * to a the Altenhelm " Medical ;¦ Dispensary, .
2610 ; Foso » bldg.1^ Cincinnati;*, Ohio ; t 1 or ' Frew :
trial package, enclosing, a 2-cent stamp to cover'
x postage.™ itVrite;to-day.i~ -." ; . --.-- v... ¦•¦- •Estimate of the Total Russian and
Japanese Losses.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 22— The
Office, Is not ln;a position as "yet
to" give figures of the^casualtles in v the
long battle below Mukden, but every
thing indicates that the Russian losses
reached 40,000. . The War Office is con-;
.yinced that the Japaneses losses, while
below those of the Russians, were al
most as heavy. •'
--; General Kuropatkin, in a, dispatch^ to
Emperor Nicholas,' under date of OcV
tober 21,; says: .-V
<¦'• "The- Japanese retired ' from 1 the iyil-'
lage of Shakhe 'atVnlgh'tfaU\ October '20.
' night • passed quietly ; ; alohg
the 'entire ¦, front." '?'¦ - -; ," ' . \
>} Lieutenant : General , Sakharoff, in a
dispatch * to" the general ; staff," ssrys :
V* "The Vr retreat of - the "enemy ') from
Shakhe iwas'j precipitate.. We' found in
the ; village • arms, ?. munitions arid '-_ pro
visions which ". had • been ; abandoned' by.
the; Japanese who .also \ left behind on
pur old * artillery • position one ' cannon,
fous ¦ limbers "iand. : avwagori In-,
strumeritst they. ; ': had \'< previously
tured fromtus. ' Since *the\battlejDif.Oc-;
tober ";^ we ¦ have captured ? altogether
•f ourteen j Japanese i'guns, including: nine
field pieces ": arid five mountain guns and
have *-$ retaken • orie t * of I our - ; own -.: lost
guns."^-^ • <'-- : "i , :
CAPTURE ? OF SHAKHEPU:
Oct V;22.--The- Japanese
hurriedly - evacuated : Shakhepu,'; three
miles east of Shakhe ' Station,' on Thurs
day [, night, ' in . order • to [escape f'"Tt>eing
'surrounded..; Under the"coye'r^of.Th'urs
'dajta {fog - they had i trledlto'/surprlse
the^ advance guard [of; 'one "\ corps [on; the
Russian; right .flank. : The', latter /.re
paid them V in their ; ; own] coin ¦ with * in
terest ; by ; ; taking Shakhepu • oh -both'
flanks 'and ,', not ; leaving ; the
any,' alternative 'except ;a : hurried ; flight?
They ; abandoned -.' a 'A quantity.*;" of iarms
'and '¦ ;*" ammunition. ' Several' Japanese
EIGHTY THOUSAND FALL.
German Officer Writes Satirical Novel
Which Hurts the Feelings of the s
Fusilier Guards.
BERLIN, Oct 22. — Count Wolfston
Baudissin, a kinsman of Rear Ad
miral von Baudissin, commander of
the imperial yacht Hohenzollern dur
ing the visit of Prince Henry of Prus
sia to the United States, is on trial in
the Criminal Court here for libeling
the officers' corps- of the Fusilier
Guard Regiment, "belonging to the
household troops, by satirizing them
in a novel entitled "First Class Men."
The prosecution is brought by the
state on, the ground of public welfare.
Von Baudissin, whose pen name is
Baron von Schlicht, is a retired army
lieutenant, a playwright and the au
thor of about twenty books on mili
tary subjects or romances of military
life.
Shakhe Station, five miles : north, the
report; that the ' Russians ; had :bom
barded the station applying to the
bridge, as the station is now beyond
the sphere of their operations. '
\ The : haavy ' concentration of .. both
Russians between, the Mandarin and
the railroad makes i certain ¦ a , tremen
dous collision* at this, point.- A portion
of the Eighth Army Corps, which had
reached Harbin,' is; hurrying south
ward. V
While the Japanese evidently are
determined to pursue - the policy fol
lowed by them since the beginning of
the war of concealing ; the extent of
their losses the War Office believes*
that their casualties . must ' be at least
three-fourths as great as those of,' the
Russians- — probably ' in * the neighbor
hood of 30,000. / ~ ',;
, The weather has again become clear,
but.it is. very cold, and the soldiers
.are reported to be"* suffering. A cor
respondent wires that v two Japanese
were found Friday: night by a detach
ment of Cossacks. ", They, were uncon-.
scious and : half '• frozen and . conveyed
to the Russian camp, where they were
cared for. ,. V. ' . ,¦
came into the Russian lines and volun
tarily surrendered.
- Field Marshal . Oyama's ' counter of
fensive was checked with
the loss of men, guns and munitions.
General Kuropatkin's army extends
along a line" running over, twelve and
a half : miles 'south of Mukden and is
supported by strong fortifications on
the Hurf River. The present calm is
enforced by the exhaustion of the ar
mies on both sidea, which lost in
killed and' wounded 80,000 men during
the ten days', fighting. •¦ * .
j There is every indication that the
battle will be resumed soon and that
a decisive result ! will be achieved. •
SLAV LOSS PLACED AT 45,000.
WITH THE RUSSIAN EASTERN
ARMY HEADQUARTERS, Oct. 22.—
Both armies : remain ; practically inac
tive. The Russians have reoccupied
Tantziapudzi. ' ' The < Japanese hold . a
position on high ground sloping down
to the Shakhe " River. -: There ' is con
tinual outpost , firing and sniping ' and
the batteries 'occasionally' engage in a
duel .to N the westward. V - '
¦ General", Mistchenko fought a brisk
engagement on > October; 20. He re
ports" progress and the capture '{ of
guns.'
DROPS SWORD FOR PEN
AND IS NOW. ON; -TRIAL
PARIS, Oct. 22.— The. Temps this aft
ernoon publishes the following dis
patch from Mukden, dated October 21,
5 p. in. :
"I passed the last two days, at head
quarters and along the Russian cen
ter. / Before the door of General Kuro
patkin's quarters are thirteen Japan
ese cannon, captured when the Rus
sian? took the wooded hill (Lone Tree
Hill) on October IS. '•The battle is
now suspended, with a.chasm separat
ing the two armies. The situation
practically is the same as at the
opening of- Kuropatkin's defensive.
The Russians have been unable to se
cure decisive results, and the Jap
anese have been equally unable to do
so. It Is becoming very cold.
"The losses are enormous. There are
30,000 wounded. The roads 1 are terrible.
The Japanese almost stopped firing
during the last few days, leading to
the belief that their ammunition Is
running out. Numerous reports say
that the Japanese are seriously af
fected by the climate, and the indica
fions are that they are going to retire
toward their strong positions at Yen
tai. Everything shows that the bat
tle is only temporarily suspended "
MUKDEN, Oct. 22. — Reports from
the entire Russian front, beginning on
October 17, the day on which the main
fighting ceased, shows that the center
army, from the vicinity of Tashan,
and also the eastern army, 1 behind
Pienchiapu, continued cannonade dem
onstrations for three days. The Jap
anese on October 17 again' began shell
ing the headquarters of the western
army, as the staff was retiring. The
shells in the firing of October 17 fell on
both sides of the railway, destroying a
soup wagon and three horses. No
other damage was infi ifcted.
On October 18 both, armies were
inactive. On the 19 th there were
demonstrations in front of the east
ern army, where constant sniping
continued at short rifle range at Pien
chiapu, at the apex of a triangular po
sition, along the Tang and Shakhe riv
ers. ' Pienchiapu is an exposed town
on the south bank of the Tang River.
In the event of attack it would likely
be untenable, in which case both ar
mier would be left in positions in
strong^ passes on each side of tha .wa
t^i course, which from present Indica
tions is likely to divide the comba;
ants, throughout the winter.
The sparing fire of the Japanese
seems to indicate a shortage of am
munition. Both armies are directing
their main efforts to resupply and re
inforce.
The tenacity of the fighting is un
usual. The Russian troops persist in
their efforts to retrieve their losses in
artillery. It Is reported that an equiv
alent of half the guns lost by them
have been already taken from the
Japanese. The cavalry on both jiides
are reported to be conspicuous in
these exploits, although the Russian
cavalry has not yet realized the im
portance that was expected of it.
Although the Russian army has
again been defeated and is without
possession of any battlefield, yet it has
built mountain roads and transformed
a region for three days' marches by
the ¦ construction of bridges, telegraph,
lines and defenses since it '.emerged
from the hills north, of the Hun River
on October 4, where it was driven
after the battle of Liaoyang. v
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 22.— -With
the "closing of the week the semi
panic produced by the heavy reverse
sustained by /General Kuropatkin's
army last week has in a great meas
ure disappeared and there is a mu6h
more Cheerful feeling pervading . the
War Office. The general disaster
which threatened to engulf the Man
churian army has been averted and
after ten days of almost continuous
fighting the battle is practically a
. General Kuropatkin has again dis
played consummate skill in prevent
ing Field_ Marshal Oyama reaping the
fruits*of victory. By' withdrawing his
shattered left wing, under "shelter of
the right center /he in the
gigantic task of taking 3000 wounded
off the field of battle, and, more than
this, according to all indications, he
reorganized and reformed 1 his. broken
legions and • again confronts the - Jap
anese across the Shakhe River. '-I
A resumption of the conflict on. a
large scale is believed to be imminent
and St. Petersburg hopes that the
vanquished in last week's battle will
conquer in future fighting.
That General Kuropatkin, after los
ing close to 40,000 men, was able to
resume the offensive within a fort
night constitutes a feat in military
history. ,
RUSSIAN IiEFT ADVANCES. Y
There was an' impression early in
the week ?¦ that General Kuropatkin
was concentrating his forces on his
right and center to avoid being driven
off the line of the . railroad, which
might have embarrassed the.^retire
ment of his left, but now he. has had
ample^ time to withdraw and the sit
uation" shows more determination than
ever to secure strong advanced posi
tions across the Shakhe. jit is known
that the left has actually! pushed for
ward slightly and the idea that oper
ations contemplate only rear guard
actions seems negatived, j
Nevertheless, dispatches to the
press from Mukden to-day say that
Kuropatkjn has been fortifying posi
tions on the Hun 'River behind him,
which might indicate that he purposes
only to make an active offensive below
Mukden.. Another "advance by either
side would combine a movement by
flank, but no evidence of anything of
the sort^has yet' developed.
The general staff acts rather mys
teriously. Itsimply attributes the ces
sation of operation's to the natural
exhaustion/of both sides, but does not
offer a clew toiwhat it expects. It is
significant, however, with what satis
faction the news of the capture, of
Shakhe tdwn, at the intersection of
the Shakhe River and the Mandarin
road, was received here. -
VALUE OF SHAKHEPU.
The taking off of the town is con^
sidered, an strategical" gain,
placing General Kuropatkin 1 in com
plete mastery of both sides of the
Shakhe River between the railroad
and the Mukden-Bentsiaputze roads
and assuring his communications
against the*possibility of being cut-off
from the south. . The only poinO on
the left bank of the Shakhe River re
maining in the hands of 'the "Japanese
is Lamuntung, within rifle shot of the
railroad bridge. The bridge presum
ably has been qonfounded with . the
Both Kuropatkin
and Oyama Re
inforced.
Russians Are Ex
pected to Again
Advance.
RIVAL COMMANDERS
CONCENTRATE TROOPS
TO RENEW THE BATTLE
THE; SAN FRANQSeO^eALI^ SUNDAY, OGTORKRc23,v 190^:
A number of ladles and trentleraan
interested in the Scotch collie will
meet next Wednesday evening at the
residence of Dr. C. Burnham. Ills Mc-
Allister street, to form the Pacific Col
lie Club. JH3MHI
Will Form Collie Club.
sends an artillery fire and also fifteen*
centimeter mortars.
"At 5 o'clock on the afternoon of
October 20 the enemy posted in the
neighborhood df Sufangtai began
shelling the Shakhe railway station.
"We captured 120 rifles and other
munitions near Changliangpao on the
night of October 20."
FORTY-THREE GUNS TAKEN.
A telegram receiVvJ from Manchu
rian headquarters says:
"Further Investigation shows the
number of guns captured by our left
army to have been forty-three, the left
column taking twenty-seven and the
right column sixteen. The wagons,
munitions, etc., which" have been cap
tured; have not yet been counted.
"Scouts dispatched from the left
arn.y on the night of October 20 dis
covered the corpses of 200 Russians
west of Changliangpao."
The two armies are receiving fresh
supplies of j ammunition. There is an
indication of an early renewal of hos
tilities, with the Russians taking the
offensive.' . >
A rough estimate of the Russian
losses during: the recent battle places
them at 45,000, of which 10,000 were
killed. % :
CAVALRY CROSSES THE TAITSE.
TOKIO, Oct. 22. — The armies of
Oyama and Kuropatkin continue to
confront each other, but neither has
again assumed the aggressive.
"According to a report from, the Jap
anese Manchurian headquarters, tele
graphed yesterday, the Russians are
massing a "heavy force against the
right army, but the purpose ia not
indicated. The report says:
~ "In the direction of our right army
200 of the enemy's cavalry crossed the
Taitse River. They seem to have ad
vanced to the westward. Two battal
ions of Russian infantry are posted in
the neighborhood of Kaokuanchai and
it is reported that 20,000 Russians are
assembling in the vicinity of Kaotai
Pass. ,
"In the direction of the center and
left armies the enemy occasionally
32
if v ""111 Effmj
A 5Qc Bottle of Liquozone and Give it» to You to Try, *
-\We want you to know* about .Li- world to you.' Its effects are exhila- rjandrufi— Drepsr stomach TroubiM
quozorie, and th< product itself can rating, vitalizing,- purifying. .Yet it is. Ec«n£-Erysip«ia»- tS^tcuK* 1 *"
tell- you more than we. Stj , we ask a germicide so certain that we pub- Feven— Gail stones Tumors— Ulcers
you to letvus buyyou "a, bottle— a full- lish on every bottle an offer of $1006 co££^Si.«t £ arlC0C ? I V 1
prove that for a disease germ that it cannot kill, °™?*Z£.Lt tJ^Tw?* , "°n ,
itdoes what medicine cannot do. Sec The reason is that germs are vegeta- flammation— ail catarrb-^aii eontagtoaa eisl
what a tonic vitas. 1 ; Learn that it does bles; and Liquozone— like an excess * 11 - th * r->ult » ot tonpur«.or poisoned
kill ' germs. v, .Thenj you will '• use it al- of oxygen— is deadly to vegetal mat- j n nerrous debility" Liquowm* acts as » n-
ways; as we, do, and as millions Of ter/ taUser. accomp}l3hlns; what no dnwi eao 6m.
others do. -. Th|fcre lies the great value of Liquo- -
I '¦''.,: This ; offer /itself^should convince zone. It '.is •the only way known to 50c Bottle Free.
y6u i that;'Liquozon"e ; doesas / we claim, kill germs in. the body without killing T r . T . '
•We would certainly^ hot; buy^a- bottle the tissue, too. Any drug, that kills „" you need L»qoor6ne,- and have
and giVe it 1 to. you if > there? was any} gern/s is a poison, and it cannot *be »® -w* ¦ 1 -Vi B l5* S? SC1 ? d us this cou "
doubtofresults.Youwant those re- J taken internally. Every physician S« I i« 1 a th . en .. mail :you an .order
suits ; : you want to \ be ¦ wellT and to knows that medicine is almost help- ?," o 1°, dru -f , gJSt f o F a /""-skc bot-
keep-well. ;And,you:can't donhat- less in any germ di'sease. * «li' v !" f^v 1 -??? - druggist our-
riobody {can-withodtXiquozone. '-. . >V ' Jt t . This is our free gift,
- ' • ' Cppm Dicpacpc made to convince yon; to show- you
' We Paid $100,000 Th diseases. what Liquozone is, and Vhat it can
t, T Va • - • uY *' - t •' • I hese are the known germ diseases, do,, 'In justiceto yourself, olease ac-
For^tHeV American ;^^rights to* : L[quo-. All that: medicine can do for these cept it to-day, for it places you under
?onc- oWe -did , this; after, testing the f troubles 5 is to : help. Nature overcome no obligation whatever. '
Product jfomwo i.years,: through ;phy-v t he germs, andTsuch results are indi- liquozone costs 50c and $1
sicians.and ..hospitals, .after, proving in^~ reet. and .'uncertain. Liquozone at- . • • . "¦
thousands. of, different cases, that; Li- tacks the germs, wherever they are.- I CUT OUT THIS cot jpom 1
rOyS - / iUSe ' ° f ' any And^when 8 the^erms .which cluse a for ra
S e ™" d » s ease. . , - / , • .., .disease - are -destroyed, the : disease ?, ut * he o War l^ 11 u to u». Uqui"
V Liquozone ; has vi or more than 20 m ust end/ and ;f orever. That is inev- : Oxona °°- 438 ~ 1 ** wabash at... cauca^x.
years,: been .th« constant .subiect. of itable.% < My disease is.. ...... .....
scientificand chehiicar research.; It is , ' ,' i »»»• never "uied'Li'quoaone* "but it you
not:madc^y,cpmpo ? miing^rugs; nor D^.t-Anae m ia K e I^ uroM " ;j£^ff?? ™ * bottl " *" x wrtl
With alcohol.-^ ItS?Virtues*are.derived Bronchitis La.Gripper:' *,*¦.
'enlplv t f rnm ' ffi wlaw 1v ¦ nYVMni «*<¦ Blood Pols<5n , -; Leucorrhea ' ".........;....
«Oieiy <: irom,gas : 7-»argCiy : OX_ygen> gas. Bright 1 « Disease . Liver Troubles ' . - "VV
.T"y, a" -process: requiring immense ap- Bowel; Troubles '¦ Xialarla— Neuralgia • ' '•
paratus > and > i4"daxsVtlme.^Th 'p n 'Slip5Sum TT^- e *^ ? '¦....... > ...' . -
IS a*; Liquid "that, does^- what f OXygeh, Colic— Croup Pleurlsy-^u'toSy* < 514 Or»» *rulV addrw^-wrt'u 'ptalaiy. * '
does. , It 'is a'; nerve food and ! ~ blood *con*t>p»uon- : -- ;. Rheumatism ' — — — :- ¦ '
fooQ^theVmost^helpfulrthingyin-thc ESerySrrhea "'SSffSSffif 1^. •; i^^^flX'IS^^A
APVERTlSiaiEXTS.
I WHY APrENDICITIS,?
Why is appendicitis so common to-
day?
Because we have got into the per-
nicious habit of eating too fast '
Dr. Curtis, the great authority on
this disease, says: "Appendicitis of-
ten follows the eating of a very hasty,
or particularly large or indigestible
meal." "
After carelessly following a foolish
custom you can Insure your safety by
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
It is an accepted, scientific truth,
which admits of no dispute, that if
you_jwill only keep your digestive ap-
paratus in good order you will never
suffer from this dread disease, which,
at best, means a weakening operation,
with long weeks wasted in bed and.
big doctor's and surgeon's bills to pay
as souvenirs.
Keep your appendix in health by
the proper use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets you have 'aid your-
self open to danger by overeating and
upon the least sign of stomach or in-
testinal trouble, for otherwise, at any
time."" this dangerous disease may lay
you low.
The curative influence of this great
medicine'is quickly shown in the gen- (
tie, soothing effect it has on all in-
1'amed conditions of any part of the
¦digestive tract.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, tone all
these parts up to a proper condition
of perfect health and " regulate their
functions into a proper working state.
They also make away with all the
causes of irritation, inflammation or
indigestion by helping to dissolve, di-
irest and assimilate or put to proper
use all the food which is lying around
in odd corners of your digestive ap-
paratus, fermenting, rotting and
curdling, like so much garbage in a
dirty sink.
. In these natural and perfectly sim-
ple ways Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
restore all sufferers from any form of
dyspeptic trouble to health.
They are safe and reliable. They i
never fail to relieve and cure quickly
and permanently.
' Use them and you need never worry
about your appendix vermiformix.
ADVEKT1SKMENTS.
C • $13.50. Chiffonier Value, \ . , m ' | pM
lH B0X COUCH, $9.00. , something entirely new_A * S12.Sr>. ,,,cf T HFD^ f\ \t£ RIIFFFT* Ml
\L . « , it . . .,'¦ , , # Morri 3 chair, but without the Solld golden oak. WEATnERtD OflK DUrrtl UtS
-.- Vf ..-.¦/ One of the handiest pieces of Furniture to unsightly rod. and ratchets T^nch wlate mirror Mft . ft
\\ . be had— fills so, many requirements— always. a that are found la the usual Seep com m odio u s $357.50. * Q ) ¦
«A comfortable couch, makes a pretty cozy corner Morris chair. drawers. T . ,„ .. ... Vl . ,. v »,„ 0/,'M
\ for anv room . » . The back is adjusted while it stands an even six Looks like the fM kind— would b« » ?80 X//B
v, ror any room. , .- are seaUd |n the chalr> fp it f" he leht 3' on.?, oniy for the better *50 onw wo carry. *7JU
; '"/ Then,- having a box couch is like finding an by moving the txm« forward or F5*i._ .«» BeanUfully curved and rounded front.
A . jsv^ssss away aresses .-"¦»«.— - w ,,,.,,«,., IKsrajrsss S--- «--» wa^ass fe
' 3#^\ Sl.OO DOWN, Sl.OO A WEEK. JI.OO Down, tl. 00 I Week. a WEEK. frimmings are 'used in furniture like this. V
-• H yJ •"— • j.' . ¦ • _2^- " ¦ "*¦' / <CC f>fl * V 1
la _¦ — '¦"" ill ' " ** " " r^~~^ **¦* VT'-'»-i' yU.Jvt QI9 S?ft " Wv\ 1
WPA '¦'¦ bed room STiri? or a iAjOES go? Kn Sl.OO DOTO 81.00 a week. w
fm =asy Price. Ea.ier Terms, 84.00 Down, S1.00 a Week. Sen, tlT* W^ 2^ *~ V^Ma^'or SL» Lf
1^ -A carload of Bed Room Sets Justin and. this is a / time and lots of them since. It's Just to oak in soldea flnl3h. • |V
III fair example of how the prices run — lower than we show you that advertised prices are "year .T" 8 prettiest design- and the best finish 1 1 /
M ,jj| have been, able to quote for many a day. 'round" nr ices here. • that was ever put on * t* 0^ at tn 1 " P rlc 8 '¦]
mlJ/l 'I Pleasing design. Notice the broad panel In the Enameled In* pure snowy white; meas- or m V r*i more.. fc^*.
ME/ II ' headboard of the bed, with the heavy roll above it. ures 50 inches by, 3O lnchen. Fitted with , !l ur t accurate— a 44-inch top that I JO
He Al I Mirror is a beveled French plate, and there's a new wire mattress and patent hinged side exienas to six reet. 1 #y
gfyf/\\ ldea in the shape of the mirror frame and standards. t&ii* that can be lowered in an instant. Sl.OO DOWH, Sl.OO A "WEEK. I £&
tenfemeri
I -.|ji^^ Accurately
H AVm-X'T""'^ perfect skins,
I O>^# x^ iosuring satisfaction. All
R '.; : $&* desirable colon and black.
g For Men . . $1.50, $1.75, $2
1 .Women $1, $1.50, $1.75, $2
[] Children $1.00. $1.25
I 109 GRANT AVE.
H Bet. Grary and Post Sts-
. ADVERTISEMENTS. '
In EVERYBODY'S MAGAZINE for November MB. THOS. W. UWS0N '
tells bow George Wcslinghovsc, a world giants fought the "System" to a
standstill, and how President Roosevelt Kicked " Standard Oil" but b! the
v White House. The description of his meeting with Henry H. Rogers dc- '
serves a place in literature >
We wish you to compare the November EVERYBODY'S with any maga- -
zinc published. Dead HALL CAINE'S greatest Story, "THE PRODIGAL
SON." Read in "NEW HGHTING MACHINES" how Americans arc
supreme m devilish ingenuity. Dead / EUGENE WOOD'S J joyous satire
full of sense on "IS BATHING GOOD F0R US?" LooK at the beautiful
sketches of Washington by VERNON HOWE BAILEY.
Bead the bright short story, "SOUVENIR NIGHT," of a bachelor de-
stroying the souvenirs of his many courtships' before his weddmg day. .
Look at the stage beauties and the portraits of .the people who arc dohig
interesting things. Bead "Straight Talk," edited by our readers. Read bur
/nocfesf department "^^ With Everybody's PubUshcrs."^^ Bead the short stories
byHABTLEY DAVIS and "CHE BUONO.'.'
Jtead— weU, read the whole magazine and you will find it the, best ten
cent general magazine in the world, with MR. LAWSOIfS article thrown
The publishers otE^
prcssmg their smcerc gratitude^ to the public for the wonderful appreciation
with which their efforts have been rewarided.
The November^number of EVEBYBOWS MAGAZINE, out October 20
is sold on all news stands unless sold out '
NOVEKB2REDITION,-60b,O0p COPIES NOVEMBER : ADVERTISING. $48^200 ;
| . \17Monthi Ago. 150,000 Copies 17 Months Ago It Was $9 700
s A Quadrupled Circulation Quiritupled Advertising Receipts -?^S
.. [ITS THE ADVERTISING JHKE^m^
\ Thc Ridgway - Thaycr Company, * Publfsherv New York City.Eyen the unsuccessful rauthbr gets
his : returns, provided he Incloses post--
The average annual .production of an
thracite coal in i Pennsylvania j has" been
between 65 and \75 ¦ million : tons,* but" for
theT. past ..three lyears- the '-' average; has
been only. 69 million.;: The average p«K
ductlonf of" bituminous- coal ."has 7 in
creasea from r 111,000,000 in \ 1900 'to j 284,-,
000,000 during 1903.— Exchange.' ; ;
Perins>iva«ia's Coal Output.
Cresta Blanca Wines have been award
ed a pold medal at St, Louis Exposition.
This : makes the fourteenth gold medal
these wines have received N and : places
them ahead of all Calif ornia • wines. • ',:
Fourteen Gold Medals.
The Catholic 'Ladies' Aid Society
gave "an evening at home" last night
at the residence of Mrs. W. J. Hem
menway, 1024 McAllister street. - An
Interesting literary and musical pro
gramme had been prepared for.the.en
tertainment of the guests and enjoyed
by them to the fullest extent. , The la
dies were received by Mrs. Hemmen
way, ; . Miss ;• I. : . Hemmenway, .-¦< Miss -':-¦ C.
W^alsh, Miss K.'. Galries, Miss H.
Rooney, Miss Mt Ludlow and Miss 'MY
O'Brien. ' > .
Ladles' Aid Society Entertains.
[Over 500 union men met; last night
at. 102 O'Farrell . street and organized
a;- Union 1 Men's Livernash ; and - Wyrin
Club/ W. A. Cole of Carpenters'. Union
No. - 483 was v elected president of the
club . and Nicholas Jortall of the Sail
*ors' .Union- was chosen ¦ as secretary
and treasurer. The 'following .were
elected ; as members . of r the executive
board . of the club: ' P.' H. ' McCarthy of
Carpenters' ;Union No. f 22, A. Furuseth
of/Sailors' -Union, : O. ¦ A. rTveitmoe^of
Cement .Workers' ,Unlon, : Michael Casey
'6f v the-Tearnsters' Union No.:85, P. D.
Hawthorn: of,' Hoisting and .Portable
Engineers' ¦ Union^ No. : 5 9, James Bow
lah.of„the^Hackmen's Union, A. e:
Smith of Painters' Union" No. ; 19, J. ;_N.
Hylarid -of the '! Fishermen's "" Union;
iRlchard , Cornelius • of '* the Carmen's
Union^ >WI114am ' P.^ McCabe of , the Iron
MoldersVUnion,iT.,E.;Zant;6f the" Caff 1
pentersV.;Unlon ; No. '.^SS^Xharles Mel
rose )6t -ithe-; Machinists' Union, - A". * E.
•Yo'ell ; of Electrical Workers'/ Union" No.
6,'%Chjarle8 /A. •: Nelson :6t \ the Amalga
mated ; Carpenters and '.William-? Mc-
Donald ; of the Mdrine,Firemen's Union.
Union , Men .Organize.
>Baker & •- Hamilton, $100;. Leslie
Salt Refining ) Company,' $100; Joshua
Hendy : Machin e i Works, ; $100;:! Dodge,
Sweeney/ &¦ Co.; ; $100;^ Hills vBros.if
$100 ; "iDe " Laval - Dairy,. Supply*- Com-;
pahjO SjlbT); j. Dairy Produce 'Review,
$50;? sScHuli, 'Niggle r ;& Co.;;: $50;
Charles SD.V Pierce,'; . $ 5 0 ; „ Hills i Bros.,"
$50; ADairymen's Union *„ of California,
$50;; A«i L. Lund y Company. ¦', $ 5 0 ; ; Brig
ham, • Hoppe & Co;," $50 ;",Witz"el'& Ba
ker,' ~ $60;; Roussel .' & DavTdsori," $25;
Fred^B/ j ;Haight-& : Co.; : ;$ 25;; Crystal
Cfearn ;- and \ Butter : Company,* "' $ 2 5 ;
; Scott," ; -Relmers "¦: & Co., $25; Marshall
& ; Reim'ers.i 1 2 5 ;>. Q. A. McEdward,- $ 2 5:
' * All >' those i desiring to assist t in 'the
The California . Promotion Commit
tee announces that Rufus P. .Jennings,
A. Sbarboro and F. . J. Koster will at
tend the National Buttermakers' con
vention . at ; SL •. Louis as delegates and
will' work to"; have j the next annual
convention of the association ' in this
city. '*X, fund '. is: being • raised among
the merchants in this city who are
interested -In - dairy • products, which \, is
to . be (devoted • to :'obtaining cash- prizes
in • the\event ;. that .the^, convention^. is
brought t -here. : . Arhong\ the; subscirbf
ers i to f the • fund are : - . % _,. ¦ . '
Money Promised for Cash . Prizes to
I ndut'e National Buttermakera ¦
*« to Visit California.
¦ The New Jork Press tells that about
thirty-three years x ago a bright young
man, not meeting with overpowering
success lri a ¦ mercantile venture In
Brooklyn, got together all his belong
ings and started for California. He
crossed the Eastr River in-safety and
managed to pass .through New York
without incident. The North River
caused him no, trouble knd he landed
Thirty-Three Years on the -Road.
movement are 'requested to communi
cate with "W7 H. Saylor, "¦ secretary of
the California, , Creamery Operators'
Association, 114 California' street.
MERCHANTS SUBSCRIBE
. v TO INSURE CONVENTION
rlage scene. But 'tis a delectable pic
ture throughout.
To those that have watched Mr.
Crawley's work it will be no news that
his Orlando Is. an ideal one. Too often
the Orlando, in vaudeville parlance, is
'merely a "filler" for the part of Rosa
lind, to toss back the lady's wit and
invite more. Mr. Crawley's Orlando
is otherwise. It stands out as a delight
fully 1 virile figure, by no means
swamped in \ the larger charm of . the
lady. The conception and acting is, in
I the finest vein- of romance, human, im
passioned, sincere and further ! imbued
'with the lively humor that is the key
l note of the performance. .
j Mr. Greet's Touchstone stands with
his Malvollo, which is high place . in
the annals, of stage. humor. , Dry, rather
1 than uncttfmis, is the vintage of his wit,
but full of point and flavor. One ; noted
gratefully much quaint and- admirable
i Retail "in the business of ! the part and a
rare makeup. Then Celia-^sweet lass!—
was most winsomely handled by Mies
Agnes Scott '
-The melancholy Jacques; was done
by Leon ard ; Shepherd, who was • sincere
'and picturesque,- but' overlnclined "*to
"elocute". (the word fs. unpleasant, Ibut
fits) . In fact Mr. Shepherd's -was
among the '. very: scant- theatricalism
visible. .William . and the fair Audrey
were both flclrih bucolic suggestion in
; the hands ibf^JTa-urice Robinson * and
I Daisy, /".'Robinson/ who charmingly
avoided anything approaching' the
usual caricaturing' of- these / parts. The
other roles were well filled, and a good
chorus (from the Alcazar), wisely; un
accompanied, with the costuming,
charming in. cut and : color, rounded
out a most admirable illusion. Bravo,
Mr. Greet, and bravo Mr. Greet's com
pany! . BLANCHE PARTINGTON. '_
In lower Jersey City without having
lost a thing. And: he has been th«ra
ever since, on« of the most prosperous
citizens of Hudson County. Hla longing
for California, however, has not abated.
It Is hla . Intention to -go there ons of
these days to enjoy bis fortune in a
climate that-ls neither too hot nor too
cold, but Just right. In the meantime
he has reared a numerous and beauti
ful progeny.
Better even than Miss Crawley'a
Viola. Is her Rosalind. Her rather
heavy Beatrice left one unprepared
for this Quick and fanciful picture of
Arden's heroine. /Playful yet true
womanly, witty, tender, saucy, capri
cious, boj'ish and yet princess-like is
Miss Crauiey here. As a picture and
as a voice she is of course satisfying,
and wears her doublet and hose most
gallantly. But she reads here with
peculiar and point, and
her face fits every mood of the part.
One remembers with particular pleas
ure her bewitching 1 delivery of the
epilogue, the , quick pathos . of the
swoon scene. and the little -mock mar-
I found early explanation in the
performance of .something that had
long- puzzled me. Last year I saw
Ben Gre*»t at and after th« Nance
O'Neil "As You Like It" at Sutro
Heights. Then I had thought Mr.
Greet a little hard in his Judgment
of the presentation. Yesterday proved
him lenient and gave one a new ideal
of the open air performance. It was,
in fact, hardly short of perfection.
The casting of the players was ad
mirable, the stage management ex
cellent, the detail of the production
delightfully correct. But most not
able was the quaint, delicious gayety
that pervaded the whole performance,
from "the sweet, willful mirth of Miss
Crawley's Rosalind to the dry wag
gishness of Mr. Greet's Touchstone.
Jjjay; began with act II,' and was
confined to the forest scenes. Imme
diately pne was at one with the play
ers. The banished duke asked:
"Now. my co-mates and brothers in
exile.
Hath not old custom made this life
more sweet
Than that of painted pomp? Are not
these woods
More free from, peril than the envious
court?"
¦"-'¦* *.-,
And*-with him one felt it were easy
and sweet to find:
"tongues in trees, books in the run
ning brooks,
Sermons in stones and good in every
thing."
Very . cleverly the stage was ar
ranged. The trees backing it shaded
the audience from the sun, and every
word spoken could be heard : at every
point of the awditorium. The lenient
day permitted the removal or head
gear, and thus every one could also see
as well as hear. Mrs. Mills 1 "garland
of girls." that sat in lowly state on
cushions below and in front of the
stage, was a conspicuously pretty
feature of the scene. Two small Jap
anese maidens among them, possibly
comparing the players with their own
great Danjuro v touched a picturesque
a;miipiqtu£nt noie. The Occidental au
dience was large, delighted and wholly
sympathetic.
Nay but pen and ink is poor stuff
to paint an "As You Like It" like
yesterday's! Shakespeare himself
must have Joyed in it — one hopes he
was there, Behind one of the waving
elma, or by the campanile that tow
ers over the lawn where Ben Greet
and his players walked aa Rosalind
and Orlando yesterday. Mozart only,
ln the morning: of his genius, could
have eungr the freshness, the fine sim
plicity, the delicate frolic humor of
the thing. It wae the very spring
tide of comedy, comedy in its clear
eyed, joyous-hearted youth, played
blithesomely by a company of gay
lads and lassies headed by that gal
lant stripling, Ben Greet!
Nor less cunningly and .enchanting
ly devised was the setting and pro
logue. Here, for sober fact, the "As
You Like It" was given yesterday af
ternoon at Mills College, on the lawn
afront of the principal building and
for the benefit and endowment of that
admirable Institution. There was a
stage erected at the foot of the lawn
in the midst of the elms and feathered
pine trees. Boughs, leaves and grass
hid the boards and with the framing
trees made an ideal pictured Arden,
Everything conspired to illusion. One
left the twentieth century at Twenty
third avenue station — the leisurely
cars that run therefrom to Mills Col
lege only foretasted the ancientry.
Spring was in the air. in* the sudden
green that ran into the uplands, in
the young blue of the sky. One stop
ped then in a very forest of Arden.
sun-shot, fragrant, dimly musical, and
Quaintly, sweetly, as we wended our
way to the sylvan theater, chimed out
from the campanile "God Save Our
Gracious Queen." We were with the
Elizabethans.
Ben Greet Interests and
Miss Crawley Charms the
Enthusiastic , Audience
CONSPICUOUS- FBATUBES
STAGE SETTING
A FAIR GARDEN
"As You Lilve It rj at Mills
College Is Eiichantingly
Devised in Prologue
THE SAN FRANGISGO;SeALL,; -SUNDAY, 23, 1901.
33
AD\ r EItTISI-;>IEyTS.
Cures Grip and
f t A Pi H R3 H
That a cold gives the system a ee-
vere wrench is evidenced by the high
fever, the quick pulse, the* prostration
and lassitude at first—
Followed by Influenza, Cold in , the
head. Grip or Catarrh—
: Or by Cough, pain in the chest 'or
lungs. Bronchitis or Pneumonia.
If Dr. Humphreys' "Seventy-seven"
is used in the first stages, the Cold is
Sroken without trouble; .
If neglected, then the persistent use
of "77" breaks up Colds that hang on.
At t>ruafgi»t«\ 25 cents each.' or mailed.. .
' Humphrey*' Medicine Co.. Cor.,WlUiam aad ,
Jaba 8treets. New York.
_PRAGERS | PRAGERS - [V . . PRAGEKS ' ' | ...-....-.¦¦.,...--. %v PRACHERi?' j, PRAGERS
I visit our Slark Alnrtra ; -W —-———¦¦— "j^^ Coat> ~\ " ""^'c^^Tl
R CrOCkerV I Widvla X^£BJ%£V/CI ; KLM -1 T This !sa wonderful bargain In T . ?
fa B / ' fl ?-v^« -t:- j.y.'-.*- r v — -, "t^:.'. ¦ ' ' ! : -JS ra ¦Gk&^ifr )j<4k *£& <A&~*^ A /% aa a swell, well made Child's: Coat. > LlflTJOrS ' > :
J Glassware and fof\ f l ar , d rw* M6nday Bpecial T have 54 X^illlll^ili - (^ H 110 &&-^:SoSZl h^ST^ Worth ' "" * i
!p V '. , IfiyA inch, black Iron Frame Alpaca tfiat sells regularly at faM %. rf IJ %J collar, ornamented with seven IIUIV " o- " A[ onf U v rnorn-
|H !V:CCnenWGre 'li : ril» 75c and hav^ "duced it nearlV^ half. Every, woman ¦ ' Afl>: ' ' *?>-? ¦'¦:'•', ¦- -C^'- ¦ ' 1 \ ll rows^of narrow white silk braid jk_ ',.',?
IH '•¦ DenOrtmerit.* T'lJll fT* material.; It. RELIABLE ' I JlJiUU ar^tlffi^^t"^ »a^ C Thl Ah ingV pap«tt .for Open-
,M ircparilHtsnu | \J\J Is »>ne ot the most dependable blacks manufactured. - , /* 1238 r 1250 MARKET ST. Ji» -* f W B coat has the double-breasted ef- llllj in°- Sale Snecials in this
'1 Ontha TM1.J ITU MM ft makes Into fine Skirts ; or Suits and has a moat. ~ " r*^T^>**,-,* : T^\'_ feet, and is fastened with pretty T* in & specials in inia^
ill v "**; u « • nira rlOOr : fashionable appearance. . ! ' v '• v '."-* "-"/'. ' -• ' " gilt buttons. Colors are red. brown , department*
I .^^^Maiinery of Exquisite Beauty at 1 Sure Saving on Every Yd. of Make a comparison of
Is rh n « rk • .lor Monday «^ *-'- > - * » o«n These Doil Prices *
I PJiSlili . Pr^gers Popular Prices Bottercuas These Dress Goods and Silks ! :™," O rf lces
B (Second Floor aJUti^l WU|JO ( v (Main Floor.) • > This 13 e ver y ofTering we
m ** Althouch our millincT^stvles" are unsurpassed and are 7v? ' ilT No matter how little you may have to spend for dress have made in dolls. All of the stock
3 • JS mMBg8s£&BS5Bm *u* C«;;,i ,Jt X/h^l\ !«„ fT r unsur P as ;^ Q an °^ jf%r nor In materials, we will assist you to make It go further than of this department has been trans-
P ti^&W^^^^^S^ the «I ual . of the best, imported creations, we add no more »UL UCI IU you had hoped, .and In every instance you are certain to re- f erre d from the basement to its new
R $*3ffi$lmWt%5Sg3ttB&b> to our prices. We want to give the very best for as little •. : '-± ceive the most popular and stylish goods. ","' °™ \T: D i- r T £V . 1IS new I
I J§^^^^^^^^ money as possible and are determined to make every cus-» A Delicrhtful Treat * GRANITE SUITINGS. S/rfX i «S SShiv !
| S^^^^^^ 0^ tomer our life-long friend. A visit -to this department will A U.eilgnaUl 1 Teat. 50 c to St. 50 a yard-Black and colors. In widths from wonderfully attractive holiday ar-
1 show you some nevvand^npona.U arrivals from the Ea.t. JSucSeSV?^!! Hi hi^S^tSLa. 111 " 9 ClOth ' *' O^^i. t
H 1&j8.w JS£~€&\ r*/i l l JC.KIM HAId. „_..-- . » » *** w»»«»^ *»» >^»*» PANNE ZIBELINE * t.
I l^^5 J> rn There arC thrCe Cerent styles at this one MUSIC Department, « .OO a yard-56-inch Panne Zib.line-thls is one of the AQp fall J^S c^^
M 54^^^' «J V / Kfl|P nce: - ¦ ' '¦-" most popular cloths for tailor suits; it has short nap and VOL Ul1 J oini - ed /*v5 wV\ [
H ¦ (^^%- T IMI 111 A P attcrn Turban of hunter's crcen i velvet (Third Floor) , silky finish. ¦ ' KJ * K e S t ner <>Jt> v > h
3 YTry^-yJ WlLsUUedged with mink, fur and green chenille. It has 4< I ittl^ HplpnA" *> n . «^ BROADCLOTHS. ' doll, with papier
¦ J***k\— »^~m/ a shaned nlume of ereen tinc-ini? into brown LIlliC- ncicrnc 83c to 81.5O a yard — We have an endless variety of mache bodv Thi3 //al3JK.«S\\ t'
B irA\ '^\T ~,. , ,, a snapea piume oi green tinging into Drown. p rprnipr Tnvf»nil« Artist colors and our values are exceeded by none. You must m „ ncDoav • j ( ( »%^»^KI\
[4 '_¦ V\; This falls, gracefully toward the back of the hat. -- __„* " m ler •[ » v enll< a A rtis^ t. 8ee thlg Hne , * - doll cannot be had JtRoA^i-T' 1 ]
13 * awu- t ,. - "< L " ' -, 't.' j • L , , 1 j J^^K\ son's, Greatest Hits, "Edna." -, .:; MANNIiH SUITINGS. n otner places ior OTfign*^
Kj A White Lace Gainsborough, bound tn " black velvet and "Kitty Malone" and "Flower of 5Oc a yard— 38-inch Manniah SuitinRs. in .plain, mix- lcss than $1.65. \ Ul },i /
I M faced with folds of black velvet. It has two large white CZz^^MffEs&B&l&Wwy ?F i , ldare '',' ev^ ry . afternoon of . tures. chocks, zlbeline and twills. We have received a . , hj\fj \ H
I I plumes across the back that are caught with handsome jet f^^«f so^s nUmber ° f new AI paca - ' V 7^ fnch lufll M\ 41
• h ornaments. This is a special value. - ... placed on sale at 18c each. • M BLACK ALPACA. J\^ / T\ inch full- // JV " 1 // 1% U
i An elegant T.nv Velvet rrai'i^hnronph with handsome -^'iMlll.r^i' ¦¦ ¦ , SHc a yard— 3 S-inch Black Alpaca that has a fine silk v**»«v j o , nte d h MHR l t'tt
j .-\u eiegant uray vei\et uamsDorougn, wun nanasome ¦ T^tln^ Qrvn^aic finish and sells regularly at'45c a yard. doll with a oanier I ; ' f. % \\
cream applique lace. It has a large gray and white shaded lga &:Wg&' 1 OlleO 5peCialS 40c a yard— A 38-inch Black Alpaca, which is agoodvalus \ I a P -tI- Hvl I\\t \\
plume, and is an. exceptionally striking creation. .-. » , $I Listerine _s pc . at 6 0c. BRILLIANTINE ' - - S just tfc righi " ill Wt.J &
a^r^ ' VEL VET TURBAN. '^M •- i6-?uncebVttle Beef Iron -' 5^^ size for the baby. \
%R RO A R «d Velvet Turban, nicelv shirred and made CKrX' and Wine- 38c weight and high luster; it is unequaled at that price. It has been re- U&J
K *PO.JV on an imported frame. It is "attractively finished . - r . , . Water Bottle *- ' i ... BLACK SILKS. / duced for this oc ; mW
with trimmings of fur. : Z$W.\ > T ..'.? HOt W f r ; Bottle ' 4oc a Tard^S-lnch Tageta. regularly jg. | casion from $3-50-
Women's Flannelette Gowns for J Save ExCCSSlVe Profits and Secure the Same E^xdusiveUeSS and lAstoiiishing Economy on Domes-
i| There , no ne2« postponing the Individuality in Women' s Wearing Apparel by Buying Here tlcs^t^ nels I
I purchase of these gowns until later in the -«^^r "> Tf u ' ._ (Second Floor.) . . _ . . . - .;.'; t \ The spirit of economy pervades every
I season. They are just as cheap now. . • i®£ffiSl f If you can be satisfied Wire^with the latest in fall and winter styles and at the same. time save nook and corner of this big store. Nowhere
1 rn A fine quality of Flannelette has ffiQSr^S money, whv spend your time looking in th^ different shops? We are certain we can please you, in is it more in evidence than in this popular
I SX(* been used in this gown. It is WSf^T every particular, as all of our eftorts have been centered in securing the widest possible variety of department. A careful reading of these items
;{| made wilh a square yoke> f u u W& i women's wearing apparel. There is more dash and go about our garments than will be found will certainly convince you of this fact.
,{a back, lay down collar «mall cuff at the 1 2?l£t among anything but the highest priced apparel. - BOTJBI.I! bed heavy, with a Ion?
I wrist and trimmed with braid to match the - ¦ CRAVENETTE SKIRTS $12 45 Sses^S e.^ COo fw^ £&. Md w81!
g Stripes. Regular value 75c. /^lffi%&& A CO flC Th , Pre^ wi P be , a^"P« clal »P i '-»^* 1 -' fancy mixtures or < V^S£5 ¦ Sheets. 72x00 in.; These Blankets can
& / rj These gowns are made of a soft x -^wlISS^ / 3O.73 I'}}* M(^^\°J C l£i? t n a ~ P lai n materials. Regularly sold at r ?&& made VP they are not bo bought at
I I 53 C quality Lnnelette. It is cut high MMlm/ ™* "» U "§ H^nV^P *T. For a new and neat SF" SSSSf 'SS SS ®Z J£$P. *"
\a wvw neck and extra long in' the e^^fwM^iY made of Oxford. Tan and Olive Mix- C11 QC *,°' %". ev/ . $™. v n **l/ AttijfrTr^ ? ood3 bv the vard - TENHI3 TT.AH7TEJ.S.
J collar and a ruffle at the wrists. It comes in S^fi@S®T and are the handsomest Skirts The coats are eltHer fitted or with fii' Ui^lW^M:! BED SPREADS »o much Tr nS
:a narrow stripes; sizes 14 to 17. Regular price shown this season. l^fl« ? «o^ QR w ' fe\l?l h' V^^ll Sl.tO-We have dresses. pajamas."
' B ">t no Jfe&%£Afi$& COKSET COATS C1Q 7C l ? 824.95 — We are - J&V'i.l ffKL^ I Spreads at all underskirts, etc. We
H * 1 - 00 - - f . , „ ,. - II ¦f£$Swm&t hP^Km. . « ThiB il, an excentionallv $17. 0 w) s h° win S at least 40 /^i P rice3 and of aiI have selected about
i HO* , Made of a very fleecy quality of B^li^&m I A h^ enod value in a Coat that e ./ ! . dlfferent styles of 1 /^^ kinds, but this one a dozen patterns of
1 /Of? flannelette; yoke has small tucks 7/ f®$gkl$*i K $0»^ has been VlliS f" fJ'nf^nV'.tH ?i rlces ' t E^' e » rythin8 O&^EmS^^U Is an exceptional the 10c a yard kind
•I fU^ with a narrow ruffle around the I /J™PBI//i " 00 °- ' Tt "^ e ot TaS n ?tovl?t ls neW an<^ strict^ UP to date. KsS^M^M and^e" ra f o? t£
i| neck and down the front, and is finished " f j^fe^Sl " ¦ Cloth; It Is collarless and every v ' FURS /^W|1| . Stable for double SSSSw
a with a narrow braid. -There is a small '/'^^®iiSS^ / throughout and comes in ail sizes. Our new. Fur Department is now &ffim#W§X%^- P ed .'i .1" real value :LOSS " L1OWS ' %
m cuff at the wrist It comes in narrow r^^^^^^M // ioic-r >-/naVc . open. You may make your selec- ' <ft&&J.ffli \\>%^^A is $1.50. Without any question
m cuii ai ine \\r;si. 11 comes in narrow 1/ K^^^iJ^ '/ TOURIST COATS tions any time and they will, be jnf^^MMi^^^LNh BLANKETS. we have the moat
;W stripes and irood washable colors, bizes U . nagjflBB g ffl L / tft 4 rm * n This is an unusually held moth proof until Christmas. til IH^^V^tWAiX 5>4.J).1— We are on complete stock of
¦a to 17. Regular price $1.25. " M/Ffi^Sv VRfW TI I / ft.l swagger Coat, as We have Children's Sets from OK C t-S lit l! vTA ,«flii<fi &\ the continual look- Floss Pillowa to be
H *s.r\ Women's Flannelette Gowns" miAe -XWVlB l« H\»\ H** 1 *^" shown in the drawing up. - - .- //////Mil' "i \\\\\ X 'Wtf&k'&\ out for Blanket found in this city.
•9 QQr* wiT a Sp^n .nSn. vnV^' a S to the left. It Is an exclusive model v WAISTS f I il i : TO'VvS^^V. values. By a for- Here are some of
iS 7OL • a , dee P, square yoke, and. Jfr/AK l» V J.TOm^. in both style and matcriahand made --•> "««*o • /7f/////l [¦ . 1 I vVMuVWwJ'*^^ tur.ate stroke" of our special prices: *
¦ f| ' w trimmed with wide pleats of plain ft K specially for us. It is light weight tt* w rkC t( » $10.00 — We are offer- ///,#// li\\ lh 1 M!l\\{il\\\\\Su^>S^ business we secured 18-ln. Pillows.. l^ c
' H eoods and stitched with white silk There ' ' RWVWjHM " W Vv •¦ and comes in fancy, mixtures and JM|.VIj-ing special values in iWM! IL B 1 \\V\^\Iv\VfP^ flve cases of the lS-in. Pillows.. 23c
8 FJ Jr. Z?f rJ ,;AtV, thrJtHcU tul il" f a W •' 8^ V^ XjI^Ja " ¦ trimmings. ' In either ' the new Onion- »P^» 7*^. new Winter Waists. The* Ul \ttJQ& > I |\vl^\\w2^S ' finest grade of Cal- 20-ln. Pillows.. Wic
,n is an extra width through the skirt ~ and \3 \P/ Shade or Havana Brown. •-, Notice new Chiffon Taffeta Waists are be- \y\\\^»^SbvS^ ifornia Wool Blank- 22-in. Pillows... 'ir.c
: if the arms are unusually large. .Worth $1.25. S> M \ the new style sleeve and the trim- Ing shown in a big assortment of '^"KffiXvypsSr-^"^ ets manufactured. 24-in. Pillows.. 43c
: H " L^.JuJ 1 mlngs. « colors. • +* m ~-- -~^£jts^ . They are ¦ very 26-in. Pillows.. oOc
§ A Woman's Fine Slipper Women's and Children's Winter Infants' Wear of All An Opportunity in Children's Dresses for Those Who I
ii at Little Money Combination Suits Kinds Give Economy Thought {
; Jj ¦: . ..:. • 'i -.-. •¦ .- w i< j (Main Floor i • • • , • (Second : Floor.) ' \- " w i
! il j&k :^M 0b, Oto. It is a month tv, ,i,,* a* '"vl t a' -n Arriohg this lot of specials are Nothing could be more opportune than an array, vjt. -
' I SI 4 El ii 'nee theS°Ho- D ri« vnf "'thr a J i QU / ° underwear vvi U sur - . some new things that we are show- ' of children's pretty little dresses. They are for all jtl%5^
P I & U pers were oi- vou— they are so good. ing for. the first time. The values kinds of wear and each and every one is a most •^-$$S§r
!|- JM-I M ¦¦ fered at special- - -4"; > . Vv : - are greater than ever. desirable bargain. > ,
ii IB !¦ L.O sale - There was. - Cf)^ iSe^ConS^Th^armo^ SLIPS ' ' * C> 3 »n These Dresses are made of all-wool Cheviot. M&^&sgfet
» W I I GSB a tremendous' JU^ cream is T the onlv XTi^ ihown in-fr en 1 "' nrv_ Long- White Slips, made of \S /Shave blouse front, with a circular tucked t^^5 CaT/Tf/K
< I T call for them lar 65c garment * f ' g ¦ 3UC Nalnsook ' gathered on a band *pO,L,J k finished with a piece around the back 1&& Wli 1 /A\C^2
i /^_ ¦ then? 'an™ nAswis^ Ribbed Black Cotton" Pants that are the -^^ at the neck and finished with and over the shoulder. It has a gored skirt, box- ' ! *^U V^SS
1 fr^**^-^ there has- 5uC most appropriate thine to b? had for winter a hemstitched ruffle at the wrist and pleated back, and belted in at the waist to give it that Jw^J °l »/V^
1 «*¦¦* been such tfie co or wil not crock" ms 4 to 1'' neck. They are buttoned down the long effect. It is trimmed with four rows of white >C\OSr¥Si »/i«£^W^
I %• continued years. A regular 70c I garment 1OtCrock( age3 4 to U front. Regular value 75c. bra ? d . The colors in which these Dresses are being /7K\^^ M^W^P^
¦ H w£«£i' >^-^«^ demand that; iwompiu OC a W h ,^, S11 P S> made with a fine shown are navy and brown and the sizes are 6. 8, 10 / |1V» vKl\\ ' . i) %&£&( V fil
i FT^<r^^ Monday we „ WOMEN. - g^Q tucked front and dainty and 12 years. Regular value is $5.00. / iV\^S^{jJ^^rj Jf
8 fl \ -?#>>r^ will give our C 1 AH W °° .£ nd tOn l! .M d Vests and J, ight3 of rt^Z nnT'i flnkhJ f ti aVe f J «T f f n This little Dress is made of a fine quality of / «jJV1f 5 SJTCI^JI?
i W \^^^> customm JJ1.UU - the , "Merode- make: the vests are high neck f'T® ?P t d f i n1^ d n at rl l X " C^ UfS Cassimere. Has long waist, full blouse front , / %>¦$ ji*f^W>l^fe^
H *^ a n o t h o r ,, , and have lone sleeves and the tights are with a narrow ruffle and k p i 4.*±O two wide Dleats down the front trimmed (%v jjSS-ZJty V nr«r«T\l\fK
i chance to secure them." The' same o^r^uFa^i 5n WhUe *"* natUraL " 1S has'been^ei 1 " 6 ?— ¦' ° f Nainsook with gilt button^ Thereare%trSa oveVrte shoulder. /Sp, MR \\\ \\
H low prices will prevail. These Slip- <liil« p hf^ v 4 « w " 1 a \ r* ?? has been used. . The skirt is gored and lined'throughout: it has a wide fti / i ¥m % \ ii I U fl \\
H pers come in four different styles; i C1 f\f\ °^il% .^tt*?!^*,?, 18 :, ln Y° o1^ an , d C°, tton J. ' ...^ .., . .. .1 . .^ ...,. . ' belt trimmed with white silk braid. The colors are *** ff f Vffl % V/l * \ li H
3 some have beaded toes and straps I £?-*?*• "»«? '»'•,*» »«Je «> d - have lo .«S C^o-Jal C.ln «f Ro^nf^nl dark, red. blue and brown. AU sizes. Regular selling f J W 1$ W \\\$ S$
M some three or four straps. The leath- sold regularlv at S^ •>' 5peCiaI OOle OI XSeaUtllUl price. J 6.00. \ . '/^^fei%^i^^Jv-4l# !^
H ers are Vici Kid or Patent Leather. _-, Merino Vests' and Pants in a verv fine rih- this Mo*f»#l D^».**«n<. &? AO This Dress is made of w ° o1 Cheviot and |H V^A
I They have hand-turned soules and 7S C garment la r?ua?anteed non anil' wil'l Watted FlCIUreS 5£S Q8 has pleated full front, with" a wide double. Wl *» lliXH I
1 •E,f£iF r> """°°"°" 50c p?HSl!HlH"-l si-.j* This is an oaring, for &r^// t a\n^x-r : \L^r4 d yf" T ffii %^rtjl^ '
u possible sa\m K . T fitting garment and is unusually well made The MfinHav nn'v "?'' ¦ Dress comes In red. brown and navy. A good value at . Hi^X--^-^^^""^^
B colors are white and cream, 'and it is easily worth 65c. ... IHUUUciy UU.y. J5.00. ' ,
I Nothing b U t the Best in I^^ 12c EM '^^M-Hlg <^ Mel I Another °K y !^S r "^
I ¦ Men's Clothing-, .-¦ .^'t.tiU^ :g^f H^H lEr^S $1.38S S £S iH^t^S fi w*.^.
w last saturaav mat we repeat tnem ior tms week to woo en varn. with cash- "V ze ; A1 » °' the W/^?fK<S^W famous nower ar- D«ack. . iney are neavy De rfect You can't do better than to
iH pive every one a chance. All,requinnK Winter m P rp feet Havr a fine ' l ubj l cts are vei >; M M tist, De Longtre. weight, sot: finished niv tne most pencci.
J C 1 o^wm d o.w C n,o inS p e c t ,ou rSO ec i a 1§ . S!?« 3 I | 3^ i SSbrtS .£?¦££ gg «»«^ „„
IS OVERCOATS. fi\?hUrW wHi wnrth ?^,f h eri^ *'/' ' SL^^Ll^.^^-g th« a wmwV.son with an extra wide in- C7 Pf) Youne men's double-breasted lonsc j»aats
iB _. wv^^^" A ' a - less black/ well worth ferent groups to %MWWM>WWmmi win easily con- This is the best >P'» 1 '" suits have been reduced from $g-SO for this
{¦ Jiy.UJ well as materials; they come in 32 36 '¦ ' ' ' . this little price there is no excuse for boy» to bo
I a Tre coverts. ch'evfoVs In d^Sk" Jd^rTSd Men's Cotton %"fe " • ¦ Men's Merino anv i hin8: but ncat boys' 'suits
ifi Fancy Mixtures. The Coats are either Serf e or Italian -- . 1^ if ' • • " - • ~ mwiomwiuv % BOYb SUiro.
I CTA/r We have placed on sale about "three hun- wear, in either plain or /f%M& M S.'^© nno Underwear" .vv«k from $2.85; age 3 8 to 16 years. -
H \U TVS drid Mens Suits ,- a11 of thla season's - h . thf , cn ] nr e nr p I BO H^ 6&pr* . " n ,° unaei 7 v "r« C»O OC Norfolk Suit3 in some very stylish pat-
M Jj/»UJ best and most stylish productions. There [\ D ' tne coiors_^are I U T—^T ' IT •' r^ in natural gray and Vi- i.^n«. »ii*« hov#. hem rerWd for thia oc-
3 f'' are a number of short lines and a lot of blue, gray or ecru. These \HJV *^^ L- _^ > v;; C It ° h * {t ¦•?!*• ft* terns; they nave Decn reaacea ioruuaoc-
I Era|||grfS?£flli f§fs^;|°f JT. AI.WSHEUABLE S, a SL^I-^^SS.^
« a great variety of sizes, but not all the sizes "are to be unusually well -made M 1OOO 4Oi»Aifc>r A roirmm v^m .^' have a ' reinforced "^eat money. MOTHERS FRIEND WAISTS.
I had in a»y particular line. . " u „ throughout. They are -^ 1238*1250^XAJRKET -S T.Jones an^ covered seams The 1Q/» "Mothers' Friend" Shirt Waists, in flaxv
U The Coats are all- made with broad shoulders, snug- oer fect fittincr \V* 1.^.^. <-****-* * a.junes ana coverea seams, me |^Q nelette and unlaundercd percales, in all
H nttingr collars, and have haircloth fronts so that they Pf. «ect ntting. we nave, SHOPPING INDU^EMFNTS THAT HAW MATlF shirts are self faced . neieue anq uniannawcB . y«v.*ic»,iu «u
I will keep their shape. We have sizes 34 to 44. all sizes v THIS STORE* POPULAR ARE STILX H£RE and have double seams. sizes; this weeks special. -
«-^~~^n 1 ii. ¦!¦¦¦¦¦ hi i^»p^a iJ i^ ;ai3ga^ B^»^.- J^« M i — KiiiiiiMWinBmiMmiwaimiiitinirHniiiiMHMBaB^^^^^^MBB^ ' —1— >t — '" -mam
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. ' J
-^^>^v~ — ~~~ —^~^ — —^ - . i. ¦ .. « — r •„>
vahtaiiuunn. mneoc wu un rr. rn'im mvuxai.^
NEWBRO'S HERPIGIDE^
HR The ORIGINAL reaKdy that -k»U the DaadrnffOena."
was loaded %?^?$^£^tf%&Z-
Mwt ywnt utd Bldd]e-*tc4 mm nvnt taow 4aa4roff microbe; »teP»*»" te 8^ - ». h i!? l 2S'
that tfielr sc.lps «re Io*4t4 with mlcroblc erowths th« fcalp «eata»l "tafectlon. A ««•«?«»««« ¦ **"
until the h*lr has "got* off." Nature seSj* h«r . tenting. Stop* iKWnsrtastantty. It »•¦¦•«»•
warnints of dandniff.' Itching scalp a«d fajllnc popularity provt* Us t™*™*** 5a*« y°« ¦*»
tialr but the discovery of th« OarnVruff rerm Is too while you nave hair to save. x _
: Dree ftoni $1 J8.V UU 19c. tteaj*. » HEOTC1DI CO, Best I, WrUt *Aij* * «•»«
, APyXJCATIOHB AT PBOMnrggT »A»BTTE B3»Qy».FOUR-SCORE-YEAR
MARK IS REACHED
BY YUBA PIONEER
His Fiancee ; Arrives From ; Japan, but
. Had ;Xot: Brought With Her:
_'.. .'His') Proper, Address.
The -beneflt. of j advertising ; illus
trated} yesterday; in ;, the; United ! §tates
Immigration jBureau* by^ the 'appearance
of :t who;^ could
found f anTadye'r tisenierit • had \ been
inserted- inLa^Japanesey newspaper. ,' 7
%\ Five Japanese' "girls" arrived I'at '. Vic
toria;j B.«C.;- a 'J. f ewj days fago :< bn'i the
Kariagawa ¦ Maru: ;".They ; t had • been t be
trothed, In* Japan ,'.'by^ photograph" to
SUSSING ; BRIDEGROOM ' IS
FOUND ;." BY- : ADVERTISING
P'j The\ third ; squadron,- Ninth' Cavalry; .
Colonel ' E.Y P. Godwin; ' coriimanding,
fief t •> the i yesterday > at?. 9 : 30
"o'clock -;in ,; ; the ' ; morning • for Jefferson
Barracks, > Mb. ¦/., - > \ ; ¦ .
The* second squadron of the Fourth
Cavalry were very^ busy yesterday try
ing to get settled in the ' cantonment
on ;the hill.. 4They, have come
from .the splendid quarters -at Fort
Leavenworth, Kans., and '•:¦ naturally,
'are somewhat, dismayed at t the '• lack of
facilities they, flnd here. '.They donot
object^ so v much to ; the 'camp on -the
hill, w This, is comfortable* and com
mands a Inagnificent view of % the ever
panonama of the; bay^" : They,
; however, ' are . in great disgust over
the ; stable - accommodations. .
!cv The - stables .In Leavenworth; are,
considered the. finest In. the '.country.
There { appears rib reason r why, " the j
Government : should Vnot provide '¦¦ the_
: Presidio ..with, similar stables.;', s "
Fourth Cavalry Coming From - Fort
Leavenworth " Are ' Disgusted "With
Stables of . the Post.
TROOPERS SAY QUARTERS
'abe;not,up-to date
;"v Several ¦• of the Harrlman i lines of
ficialslare : now -on their 'Iway-; to _< Sah
Francisco ; f rom aniongj them
.being JB. v A.w6rthingtoh,"assIstant v di^
fectofi of i maintenance ~\ and " operations,
and AVA V. S. Thcfrne," r director> of ; pur
chases [and supplies. \,Th"eyVare 'coming.
iWest ."over the " Great Northern V: and
lUniqnV'Paciflci'by^way.^or.'SaitoLake.*
Another r offlcial : on, the^wayj here; ; is '
Genjral^CherriistandiEriglneerrbf Tests
Ha^iman.lwho/is^ayirelative^Tof i^th'e'
Southern^ Pacific "president/: He ¦ is^mak-*
ing j a'nX Inspection j-'of ? the J mechanical .
departments v bfJthe < Harriman lines. -/^
r^ Captain E.jC... Clay ton of 'the
States* revenue cutter' service and] Mrs.'
Claytbh,V who -have been i staying^ at the
S t j Francis ;for ; a 1 f e wjT days^ leave (to
dayj for, Monterey. 1 Frbni', there '¦ they
will ': go . to i Los Angeles \ and ; to
Moblle'.VAlal.r where i Captain '1; Clayton
is stationed. . '-: v --.' "'"'?•¦;/ ¦''*
Morgan .Ross, .former^ manager ¦ of
the Imperial > Hotel New ¦ York City,
'Who is to aJ3Sume the: management . ot
the Hotel Corohadby! has i been a guest
at the St. : Francis for several days.' J
.'¦' .; E. 'f O. '-, McCormick, ' assistant , tjafflc
director for the Hafriman lines, arrived
from Chicago yesterday.;;': He has come
to ¦ San ; Francisco I f or : the purpose .= of
removing, his family" to,. Chicago; and
wilU- return \ there 'with., his '..-.wife ".and
children about the middle' . of . No
vember/ ' ¦ : •¦.-'¦¦•'¦ ; *.'¦'.'¦ ; : - •
James V. Latimer and v\vife. mis-
Bibnariesjbf Huchau, China, are at the
Occidental.
W. D. Woolwine, cashier of the First
National Bank of 'Los Angeles, and
his' wife are at" the" St.' Francis. ¦'
Robert G. McPherson ; of Portland Is
at the St." Francis. \
j Dr. and Mrs. J. Underwood Hall of
Si:\ Jose are regristered.at the Palace.
-.^Gall Borden'is ud from Los Angeles
and is registered at -the St.* Francis.'
¦ R. D. Otter, * a , business man ; of
Louisville, is a suest of the Occi
dental. ' • ,
'^John S. Grist of Minneapolis- 13
among.' the latest arrivals at the St.
Francis. ." > ¦; • .:
PEHSOXAL.
BARON'S, the leading Cloak and Suit
House." will have a special sale Monday
and Tuesday only. Goods will be offered
at a low flpure. New styles in fall and
winter goods at both his stores. 762 Mar
ket street and 115 Geary street. ' ,• •¦
Some men, belong to church and some
others seefm to think the church be
longs to them.
In. a suit for divorce begun by Annie
M. Davidson against James D. David
son,, she says that her husband has
struck and cursed her and accused her
Two husbands yesterday accused
their wives of cruelty. Both couples
were married in 1897. ' John Connell
complains that his wife, Jennie,
slapped his face and threatened to kill
him, and Ervin Shelmadine declares
that his wife, Myra) threatened to stab
him with a butcher knife and that she
actually assaulted him with a broom
sti'": and stove poker.
Two Divorce Suits in Which Usual
Holes Arc "Reversed — One
Decree Is Granted. /
WIVES ARE ACCUSED OF
ABUSING THEIR HUSBANDS
Harry Wilson of Vallejo, . one of the
oldest and most prominent citizens of
the navy yard town, . came : : to San
Francisco yesterday to arrange for the
funeral of his son, also named Harry,
who was struck and killed by a Cas
tr(j>-str'eet car on Friday \ night. • The
interment will take place at, Petaluma,
the home of the unfortunate young
jnan's widow. ¦
The deceased was 32 years of age.
He was bom in Vallejo and; up to a
short time ago, when he came to San
Francisco, -lived- in- his ! native city.
He was extremely, popular, 'both; In
Vallejo and this city, and his^ untimely
end brought sorrow to ' a large num
ber of people. Evidence of the young
man's popularity was not,:lacking at
the undertaking parlors where "his re
mains are resting. : The room in which
the casket lay is literally filled with
flowers* mute expressions of the sor
row, of his friends. j.
Friends of Harry. Wilson of Vallejo
• Mourn His Untimely. K
Taking Off. * ,
: "Blum refused to submit the tele
gram in evidence and ', I referred to
this point In my findings. All the
raving of Mr. Blum on this question
will . not alter ; my opinion that the
charges that Mr. Drinkhouse had used
his- official, position to , advance his
business interests were not sustained
by' the .evidence - and any impartial
person .who 'was present at the in
quiry will support me ' in my conclu
sion." ..
Replying to, the charge made by M.
Blum, president of the Cigar-makers'
Union, that Mayor Schmitz had made
use of a forged telegram- to exonerate
Police Commissioner Drinkhouse, the
Mayor yesterday declared that he had
never said he' had received such a tel
egram. The Mayor. said:
, , "What I did . say was that I had re
ceived telegrams informing me that
Mr. Blum . had received , a telegram
from Daniel Harris, a labor author
ity, ¦ that the Lopez cigar factory In
New 'York was two-thirds union and
one-third non-union. Having received
this- Information I naturally .desired
that Blum produce the telegrams in
the) investigation, as It would ; have
aided in clearing Mr. Drinkhouse from
the- jsharge that "he was -purchasing
non-union cigars fronv the factory
named.'; ¦ ' * •
Says President of Clgarftlakers' Union
Refused to Produce Evidence '
' ~ Favorable to Drinkhouse. . '
MAYOR DENIES THAT -HE "
. RECEIVED A TELEGRAM
SAD ENDING OF YOUNG: MAN
BRINGS SORROW ; TO ' MANY
/Judge Murasky yesterday granted
a divorce to Alice M. Woodward from
Edward D. Woodward on the gorund
of cruelty. He frequently and wrong
fully accused her of infidelity and said
tha. she was too free with strange
men at a spiritualist meeting. They
we.o married in September, 1903,
when Woodward was 52 years old and
his bride 41. i >
of mistreating his children by a former
marriage. They have been husband
and wife for eighteen years, but it was
not his fault. She says he consulted
a lawyer thirteen years ago , with a
view of divorcing her,' but found he
had no grounds. \ She alleges that he
has transferred a portion of their, com
munity property to Grace D. Smith
and asks the court to set the deed
aside. . : '
SEVERAL CORPORATIONS
NA3IED AS 'DEFENDANTS
five of their countrymen In ' this city
and .were on the way to' marry them.'
Four of the young, men responded to
the call, but the fifth could not be
found. His fiancee had his address as
805 Stockton street, but at that number
was a Jewish synagogue and Mototaro
Hirasawa was not known there. In
this emergency United States Immi
grant .Inspector H. A: S. Persch in
serted a notice in the local Japanese
newspaper to the effect, that Mototara
Hirasawa, "bridegroom," was wanted
at the bureau. The second publication
was yesterday morning and a few
hours later Mr. Hirasawa appeared
with the necessary papers and his
fiancee was sent for at his 'expense to
come to this city and be married.
The bridegroom's address . was 805
Dupont street instead of Stockton
street. N - *?¦ '.>$:\; r *i ''
*An honorable woman is the one who
doesn't try to get another woman's
cook away from her.
Card Parties.
Everything for an enjoyable evening
at home; playing cards, card tables,
prizes, tally cards, whist sets, game sets.
Bicycle and Congress playing cards. No
such an assortment elsewhere. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Bartender Demands Big Damages for
Broken Leg Caused by Collision
With Stump of a Pole. '
Because - the stump of a telephone
pole, projecting above the sidewalk in
front of 634 Market 'street, came be
tween him and a coupe at 2 o'clock
In the morning of December 15 last.
James J. Giusto, a bartender, has be
gun suit for $51,033 50 damages. As
defendants he names the various elec
tric light, telephone, » telegraph and
messenger companies using poles on
the public streets, the members of the
Board of Public Works and . their
sureties and Ellen Hyde, the owner
of the lot at 634 Market street. By his
collision with the stump Guisto suf
fered a compound fracture of his left
leg and was in the French Hospital for
six months. •
Grant Hawthorne, as administrator
of the estate of his father, W. A.
Hawthorne, yesterday sued John
Quadt for $5800 damages for Haw*
thorne's death, which occurred on Au
gust 6, It is alleged as the result of
Injuries received on May 19 from m
falling ladder owned by Quadt.
His business, though Immense, has
not taken up all of Ellis' time. For
two terms he served as Treasurer of
Yuba County, and for a similar length
of time he was a member of Marys
ville's City Council. For . a score of
years he has. served this district as
Levee Commissioner, a post, of great
importance to the residents of Yuba
County. • :
Ellis is a pioneer Mason. He is a
member of Marysville Commandery,
Knights Templar.
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 22.— William T.
Ellis, the pioneer of Marysville's pi
oneers, will celebrate his' eightieth
birthday to-morrow. The event prom
ises to be an event In the town's his
tory, for Ellis, having lived nearly half
a century in Marysville, has a host
of friends in this vicinity. , Ellis is the
head of the W. T. Ellis Company, the
foundation for which was laid by him
In this city in the early fifties, after
he had spent a number of years trying
to wrest a fortune from the mines. The
fact that Ellis is now rated as the
heaviest taxpayer in • Yuba County is
the best evidence that he ' possessed
keen business acumen and that in for
saking the pick and shovel of the
prospector he but displayed that sa
gacity that during the strenuous days
that followed the launching of his
venture made his reputation as a busi
ness man, and added to the wealth
that Is now his.
9
W. T. ELLIS. PIOXITER OF MARTS-
AVHO WILL CELEBRATE
HIS EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY.
THE S AN : -..,.FRANGISCO};:, GAUL, : SUNDAY, ; OCTOBER > 23, 1904.
34
ADVEirriSPIENTS.
oi»l:i:ati6ns a tad.
l»ublic Gratlually AwaUrns to,U»e Fact
The latest fad in operations has been
the appendicitis fad; before that the
ir.d for rectal opsrataions (piles, etc.)
held sway. Hundreds of patients were
frightened and hurried into hospitals,
operated upon and robbed of their last
dollar, when the trouble was a simple
ca.se of hemorrhoids or piles only,
easily cared at home with a simple
remedy costing but fifty cents a box.
"I procured one fifty cent box of
Pyramid Pile Cure of my druggist,
with the intention of buying a larger
box later, but was happily surprised
when I found that I was cured, and
still have six pyramids left out of the
Crst and only box. 1 have not had
the least sign of piles since I used this
one box, which has been about , two
months: previous to using Pyramid
Pile Cure I had the worst kind of
bleeding and protruding piles for over
thirty-one years, and no one knows,
except those who have had the piles,
the pain and misery I suffered.
"I am a poor man, but have often
said I would give a fortune, if I had
It, to bo cured of the piles, and now I
have been cured for fifty cents. I
should be very ungrateful if I did not
thank you and give you every priv-
ilege to use my name and this letter,
when I know there are 6O many "who
suffer as I did." J. A. Weismiller, 1100
Eladensburg Road, "Washington, D. C.
The Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall,
Mich., publish a little book on the
causes and cure of piles, which they
will be £lad to mail free to any appli-
cant, and we advise all sufferers from
this painful disease to write to them
for 1L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Home H Room
\ /LN?t 1
SOLD BOURBON V |
\smm&5moSr^wisssrj!ts \
yVVlBIN
DR. HALL'S REIXVIGORATOR
¦iisX sshv; Etops all losws and unnatural dis-
| jt charges !a 24 hours. You feel an
|^H| l^S lm P rcv ement from the first dose.
Sjf? WjTj W« have so much confidence In our
a» El!?* tr^aunent that we offer Five Hun-
i25^c ¦* drfrJ reward for any case we can-
iii i sa ii h» not cure- -This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted organs.
%ancocele. rleet. strictures, kidneys, falling
memory, drains in the urine, genorrhea 'dis-
«-aso ct the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of sflf-abuse or excesses, which lead
<n to coni-urr.ption and death. Positively cures
tr;p worst cases in old or young of that mortl-
ryirg condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed $2
per bottle; three bottles. $0. Guaranteed euro
any cate.
Cull or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. SM Broadway, Oakland. Cal
Also for tale at 1073^ Market Et.. 8. F. Send
for free bock. ,
|ASTHMANOLA|
Za .the only care for Nervous and
Broachial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 533 HAIOHT ST..
Ean Francisco, Cal.
OCEAN* TRAVEL. ~
«*35v ' st eatners leave Broadway
><jXJS-SMrfV wharves (piers 9 and IX),
fo&__ an Francisco:
/QjffVp'^a \«*»\ Fcr Ketchlkan. Wran^el
I I V'W'T'A I 1 Juneau . Tr^adwells. Haine«
I V \i*ai*«2a/ I -"kapway. etc. Alaska— 11
- \«\ \\ " ytf/ a - m - Orto^r 12. 17. 22. 27.
yyftsy Nov. 1. Change to this com-
X5/ta S »<\T|/' pany's steamers «t Seattle.
-^^iS-i <r For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port iownsend. Feattle, Tacoma, Everett.
6outh lielllntrham. Bellingham— 11 a. m Oct!
12. 17. 1-2. 27. Nov. 1. Change at Seattle to
this compar.y's ncairw rs for Alaska and Q N
Ry;; *t Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry • a t
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka iHumboldt Bar)— Pomona. 1-30"
p. xn.. October 13. 19. 25, 31, Nov. 8. Corona,
1:30 p. xa. u October 4, 10. 16. 22. 28. Nov. 3
Por Los ArgeJee (via Port Los Angeles and
ttedondo). San Diega and Santa Barbara
tar.ta Roca. Sundaye. a a. m.
• Ftate of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lew Aneeles <vla Ean Pedro and East
Eaa Pedro). ganU Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. Pan Simeon, Cayucoa, Port Harford (Saa
Luis OMspo). Ventura and Hueneme
Bonita. » a. m.. . October 14. 22 30 Nor 7
Coos Bay. 9 a. xn.. October 10. 18, 26 Nor 3*
For Eneenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Met). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo
For further Information obtain folder Right
Is reserved to change cteatners or sailing dates
TICKET OFPICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery *t. 'Palac* HoteJ). 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharvps. Preieht Offlce 10 Market st
C. P. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
JO Market irt.., San Francisco. ,
Tti« PacJKc Transfer Co.. 20 gutter *t will
<»11 for and check baggare from hotels and
residences. .Telephone Exchange 812. •
kcaBie$.5.w.fKM
. . OI§ECTU«ttUJ!ia
B." S. ALAMEDA. for Ilono'.uln, Oct. 29. Ham.
5. S. EIKRHA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, ThurwJay, Nov. JO. 2 d m.
6. 6. MAKIPOSA. for Tahiti. Xov. 25. Ham*
llLs?mms&BE0i ca, A£ts..Tictet oacs 6« ¥ir-*
Ul TEigLl OEM 323 MaitEt SL, Pin 7, PacttJ 5L
COKFAQXII . GEXEB 1L2 T21VS1TL l*!rTIQ7 i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS --.
baillBg every Thursday Instead of jfirvFi*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier *X ¦ ~'*r$Z
North Ktver, loot of Morton st.-." ;
; Pint daiw to Havre. S70 and upward. s««-
(,nd class to Havre. • $45 and upward. OBN.
ERAL AGENCr FOR CNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldicrt.
New Tcrk. J. P. rUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Arests. 5 Montffcaery avenue. : Saa Franciscan
TlckeU sold by_ all Railroad Ticket Agents.
TOU.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
ST E^ERfLJL WRC0RAN
Leaves S. F.. Clay n.. S end of Ferry bidg.
Call? 9:30 a. m.. 3. and »S p. m. . Sundays.
S;:3O a. m.. S p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 6:M
a. m., 12:20 and 3:£0 p..m. Sundays ft p. m.
Fare 26c P. A. O. Co. Pbon* Main . 84L
•Saturday txeeptti. . ...
, Por V. S. STaVr Vard and Vallejo.
. Sir*. ' General KrUbie, Mon tlccllo and Arrow.
t:4i a.m.. 12;«0 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30 p.
za Leav« San Francisco ; Sundays S>:45 ¦ a.m.,
J2:3O p.m.. fcp.m.. • 6:Z0 pm.' • Leave - Vallejo, f
*.m.. 'j a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 8:15 p.m.; 8 p.m. Sun-
cays. 7 a.m.. 'J a.m., S;20 pm.. « p.m.~Pler X
(l. Mission «.: phone Main 150S. HATCH BnO."
.WEEKLY CAXL, ?il00 ; PEB'YEA&
| Sorosis shoes for Bovs and \r1$k/i VZ?
H Girls are. hysrienicallv adaoted ¦ ''¦ : -"*E- s S\H \ N ' VW / A -> : ''
U to Rive easy play to the feet of '•;; *-'^mS^ fci "vV/ /, /-\ : 'V^
i Sorosis Health Leather oer- "^SHiiw^K^ aJ9 R i "n I
13 mits the foot to breathe freely. " : 1||S8 , \V V: t*f '¦'
B People to whom "raonev is no KlIP^ \\V\ - * \ '"^Al^r V^ I
M object" prefer Sorosis because B}|1l ¦%*! Mft »* A v*T w
g it is the best shoe money can l|iy\ > ' % \ •^WlV fl
| ..¦/¦•'AmoiiK the: wearers of Soro-v- Smi\ \ \ ||1 %\M1 -^^ p
3 CoTmteoVof Straff onl F%^^^^^ I ft 1 f^^kW
H SOSOSIS SHOES AS£ WTTHTW J^M^^^A V I lj< UiflJP^*- 1
'• '-•-.'•¦• ¦'• ¦-"-- : - •'-• ¦•-"•'•-' ' i ' •;-.':•¦'-¦-¦¦•¦- ' -' '' v.; - ' " '„.— t« — '. ".'.'".'. \...y..^... . ..'.'.?¦;?¦ ."'"'..' ' ......... , _ .- - "
f I T3- REr-UTATI OH•flS^^^LEADI NO-CUTtCRY* HOUSE |
J •.¦'.On fkcific Coa^st is flcknowleJqed to bd the Be^h i
% The same policythat has carried this department to success, has been. adopted and will be carried out in all departments. Good value for the money W
J| will be~the watchword at Will & Finck-s Big Bazaar, so that buyers may, rest assured of fair'treatment at all times. We want bur customers to have no i
W cause for complaint in any department. If such cause should unexpectedly arise, we hope' that complaints will be promptly made at our office, so thnt i
M errors may be as promptly corrected. For the HOLIDAY SEASON we carry a full line of V * H
1 DoHs,T^ Cuff and Collar I
I Boxes, Toilet, Manicure and Smoking Sets; Carving Sets, Silverware, Books, etc. s
W . Just pay us a visit. It will pay you to' buy of us, But you are welcome, whether you buy or not. H
I .. FOR THIS WEEK WE OFFER .... == |
I IN OUR HOUSEHOLD DEPT. *^ IN OUR. I IN OUR BIG BASEMENT i
. CURTAIN STRETCHERS W^^MMM JEWELRY FOLDING CO-CARTS f
I Hi^^&' DEPARTMENT nJS^iAWS^S^ I
% Fancy Crockery. R^ar £¦.: ¦¦¦¦¦ 37°' WortMoJO. ™«we«k " $1^0 COPYRIGHT BOOKS. 30c f
1 TROUSER HANGERS J^™WFWfffljw^SR. ' $4.95 i &° Ut l? SL? 0 *?}^ fiction, dwatly bound la Cf) c fl
I ¦ Improved Wood Tro^r Hangers. Will Wtwuwr. In shape "^ * J> -* >a *T:7*J clot|: gg^*»»^«4«g-J5 d.^aWtahth0fl-t.3U . ¦
J LADIES'v GOODS DEPARTMENT , »t f >. 1***0* ***„**&». \
f :-,--, EXTENSION KODS, T «d 16o $1 - 50 CHILD'S R.OCKING CHAIR. 75c I
I h./lalt 8 * 611 S^ W Recuiar 13c. While gc 220 CUSHION TOPS ~ IsheMltn^o'r StffiP SS'-tt A^rfffiSc f
fl neylast Pretty Hth^raphs. Good Taloe. ,. 24-c «»d icod Talue at that prio*. If lot lasts, this w»ek only '3
ffl - OPEN^ALCOHOL LAMP AND CUP 12OO YARDS TOR-CHON LACE ~" . - .'. — — : : — — V
E§ ' These were shipped to ns by mistake. : ,Th«y ai« T«ry handy for til* 1 to 3 inches -wide, -rarioas p»tt*rns. Per yard.. 4a < u- r * JU - L -t' i> '* ' A
W ickroomoT nursery, as the entire apparatus i« coUapsibl.,,8o as to «;nnn yj. cngNrM MAI lMg< ~~ n I iitiAiu \hth t»jr>g ' ' - OAK BOOK RACK 51
>e conUined in cup. Would sell at iS5c anywhere. Our price 1 QO 50OO TCS. FRENCH MALINE5 or UJLU5ION VEILINGS yi mmem^t 3 JW
ft :• .:....' ....... ;.....v..... ............ '** For hat trimmiEirs, neck puffs, etc All shades. Tbeeo goods j Annquo oak Hanging Book Rack, Uk. |f
B ~~ •were told at 12^c. We bought the bal»nc« of » jobber's stock and 7c t . -57 - itj/ i.lh.. «^.», t -V..I . «
M: IN OUR MUSIC DEPARTMENT cicitou^r^at.. ...:. :... :..- 7 T^^Z^t^sL^Tr- C
f 3BIGHITS TOILET GOODS DEFT % LJ .^.!^ R^^;:> d ".85 c ft
. t^ i Jt5ft SI Xi'VvBTf 11 ?l z !L~^ e ¦"^FP!*i, I i t '??«,*?•, 8e TS?: ONE GROSS BLACK EBONY HAND MIRRORS ,, fill Same style, with 2 shelves OCC B
I -(!NS^ E Th^^:'."! n^^....;^ Pn t u^^o^^^..^^^^ p^.$i.03 1 M *S ....... r .. v - 65 L |
Jf WE FRAME PICTURES AT OUR OWN FACTORY L WE DO ELECTRICAL WORK AND REPAIRING V
S WE GRIND AND REPAIR RAZORS, KNIVES AND SCISSORS AT OUR FACTORY. LEAVE ORDERS AT STORE , A
£j >> !^*^^^^s»^^^^^S^^^^^^BHy>^^^^^M^^B^^^^^^^t^^^M^^^^*^^&^*^^^^s»»^^^^^^
\ O|l5^^^0f ¦ 818-820/^flRKET 51. f
.^-.^-¦-^-,.n -,_-_-,_-,_-,,, __^ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
¦ -¦".¦"".-¦¦
A FINE BOOK FifEE
A h? 1 «?^ I r»J?.? W^ t £ Ol ?~ a i T& tha r wlU covert what all other searchers had. long
an of tremendous. Incalculable value to despaired * of . finding— an , easy. - perfect
all who receive it— has just been issued permanent cure • for Catarrh. With no
at a cost of over $5000 by a distinguished thought of rest from his arduous la D 6?s
specialist, a man famous in Europe and he wrote this wonderful work on the cure
America for his noble scientific and hu- of Catarrh. AVith- no thought the
mane work. Regardless .of the great ex- wealth, it could easily win him.; he now
pe m se -i of pub l l8^i^«^ 1 " w . ork> " s a u«>or offers it free to all who ask for It ," ? - ¦
will give away 15.000 copies, absolutely '- " . ¦¦¦'-¦,_¦
free of charge. The work could : easily iimn * Information in Its pages will 'save
have made his fortune, had he placed it ' llllj • thousands of - lives. I Written bv a
on sale. Casting away all thought • of ; man heart : and soul in* earnest in his
gain, he gladly offers it to the public as; great work .of fighting disease, its lines
a free gift, because' he knows -it . will 1 J fairly throb^ with; :~ purpose** and v truth
mean life Itself to all who read its pages. With > skillful hand he -lays bare the be-
pnp Years its author. Dr. Sproule. B. ginnings of this -loathsome^, treacherous
l UU A., well-known as a 1 leader . among : disease — he.' traces ¦ all , its : hidden ' work-
the great philanthropists of North Amer- ings-r-he shows the awful dangers "to"
lea. labored night and day to discover a whichit leads— he polnts.«out thewav to
perfect, permanent cure for Catarrh.; He ; a safe and lasting cure— the "only one—
sacriflced time, energy and money to gain of that terrible scourge of No'rth *Amer-
nls end; Step by step he worked his way . ica— Catarrh: -Fine -pictures, by; the best
along new. paths. - outstripping his rivals artists illustrate the ; different i phases of
on two continents."; At last his efforts the disease In- an exceedingly clear and
were crowned with success! He had dis- hit eresting manner.
w.^5. Ot £ ela . y * .I s t^'edUlon Is ' BOlng rapidly.* f. The"", demand It or; the : book 'i Is :- "enonnoi^f >
E%enbod>_ wants It. Already grateful letters are coming back' from tho*a who have received '-¦
V »» aolns all and mor« thantDr.. Sproule In. hln" syinpathy "and^ wholeheartedness-had"
plann.-d for ; It; - If you -. or : any ; of your , f amily.necd :, It. - eend \ for it 1 to-day .Tv If, la offered '': '
willingly— freely— gladly— that you may avail. yourself of Its wonderful: aid— it* certain relief -
DE' KPMl0M : ' a ?O address plainly on the.dotted lines, cut : out and forward to
Dublin University/ 1 1reland, <¦
formerly ... Surgeon -„•¦ British . NAME ; . . r. .............
Royal;~Naval Service). 165 , • .
Tr»4e. ¦ Buildinjr.^. Boston.' .t,-,,-^ t , \ ;
Ma«8..;and you will receive ADDRESS .". . .-. ; . . . . . .... .... >
this valuable \ book* free of . ' * ¦¦¦'¦¦': ¦' •>" ' .-\ 'v ~V. ¦ ' ' : ." . .'- '¦:'." ¦ '¦'. '¦-: ¦".
all charre. ¦ - . ¦ '•'_'.'* ''..."; ; ... .,\..'. .¦;.;. ..'." : '"i' '.. •".'. ¦"'" : * -•''''.'¦'The worst about ¦ the fool who rocks
the boat is that he generally lives to
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. • 22.— John
Mersf elder, late manager of the, Sau
salito Ice Company, was arrested to
day for refusing to pay his divorced
wife alimony. Mersfelder recently
sued his wife for divorce, which v was
granted, but he was ordered to. pay
her $40 a month alimony. He refused
to do so and he now is confined in' the
County Jail.
Sausalito Man Is Sent to Jail for Fall
ing to Pay Divorced Wife
Alimony.
TOPEKA, Oct; 22.— It is regarded as
practically settled that the Harrimari
interests will -not; secure control of the
Santa ' Fe directorate at the , stock
holders'; meeting- in this city next
Wednesday." ;
. General Solicitor Kenna says lt : may.
be possible for Harrlman to secure con
trol, but that the present directors'ex
pected to ; be chosen : again. 1 ~
The directors whose terms expire this
year : include • Solicitor E/ D.
Kenna, Edward JV Berwind s of ; New
York, and Rev. C. Jones of Wichita arid
R.\ Somer's Hayes : of : New York. :
It Is Regarded as Practically Settled
That Present Directorate Will Be
Re-elected on Wednesday.
LOT OF THIS ICEMAN
IS NOT VERY* PLEASANT
HARRIMAN WILL NOT SECURE
CONTROL OF THE SANTA FE
WOODLAND, Oct. 22. — By a vote
of 9 to 3 the Jury in the $10,000 dam
age suit of Clara M. Smith against the
Capital Telephone and Telegraph
Company of Sacramento returned a
verdict to-day for the defendant, j The
plaintiff will move for a new trial and
in the event of its denial will appeal
to the Supreme Court.
t She seeks to recover for alleged per
manent injuries sustained in an acci
dent in Washington, Yolo County,
several months ago. The horse " she
was driving became frightened at a
passing train and her buggy collided
with the Capital Company's pole. Tes
timony was introduced .showing that
the pole was. placed in a public high
way almost in the direct path of traf
fic. - ¦¦:'.,
Verdict for Defendant Is Rendered In
Novel Suit Against Telephone
Company.
INJURED WOMAN DENIED
DAMAGES BY A JURY
WILLIAMS, Oct. 22.— The tour of
Duncan McKlnlay through the valley
counties of the Second Congressional
District ended temporarily here to
night, his Itinerary next week taking
him into the coast counties. He was
greeted at the Williams Opera-house
by a representative audience. G. A.
Ware was chairman of the meeting
and introduced Ernest Wriand, the
nominee for the Assembly, who spoke
briefly. McKlnlay spoke for more
than an hour on national issues and
incidentally of his own candidacy* It
was his first appearance before a
Williams- audience, and his hearers
were highly pleased with his elo
quence. His exposition of the polit
ical questions now before the people,
his clear-cut logic and forcible argu
ments made a deep impression upon
all. He received the closest attention,
and was frequently interrupted by ap
plause.
This afternoon McKinlay addressed
a large gathering at Arbuckle, nearly
all present being voters. He made an
excellent- impression and gained many
friends. * This section of the State is
strongly Democratic, but many mem
bers of that party have announced
their intention to vote for Roosevelt.
McKinlay will, hold the full Republi
can vote and will make a very cred
itable showing at the election. :.
McKJnlay Addresses People of W'll
liams and Arbuckle.
TALKS IX TVVO TOWNS.
BELLINGHAM, Wash., Oct. 22.—
In the presence of representatives of
both the United States and Great Brit
ain granite monuments were yes
terday unveiled on the army sites on
Ban Juan Island, in Puget Sound,
v/here for many years garrisons were
maintained by each nation while the
territory was in dispute. The occasion
was the thirty-second anniversary of
the award made by Emperor William
of Germany, to whom the controversy
had been submitted for decision. The
exercises yesterday were held under
the auspices of the Washington State
University Historical Society. Delega
tions attended from Seattle, Belllng
ham and other points in the North
west. The United States monitor Wy
oming, commanded' by Captain Cott
man, fired the national salute of twen
ty-one guns at the unveiling of the
monuments.
At American Camp, on Griffin Bay.
where United States troops had estab
lished themselves in 1850 under Cap
tain Pickett, later famous as the leader
of Pickett's charge at Gettysburg, the
ceremonies took place early in the
day. They were presided over by
President Kane of the University of
Washington. In the afternoon the par
ticipants and their guests reached
English Camp, at the other side of the
Island, and dedicated the monument on
the side occupied by Captain George
Bazalxatt and the British troops In
I860. Judge H. B. Hanford of the Fed
eral court of the State of Washing
ton presided at the afternoon exercises
and delivered an address reviewing
RED . BLUFF, Oct. 22. — Antone
Smith, a prominent rancher from Bend
Colony, died under suspicious circum
stances at the Red Bluff Hotel last
night. Officials are inclined to believe
that his death was caused by. "knock
out drops." ;
Smith sold his ranch a few days ago
and came to Red Bluff. He registered
at the Imperial Hotel and then disap
peared. When he reappeared several
days later at the Red Bluff Hotel and
took a room he had the appearance of
a man who had been on a debauch.
Soon after going to his room he be
came unconscious and remained so for
three days, or until death came.,;- A
search of his pockets revealed the sum
of $40. Whether he had more when
he first came to town is not known.
An investigation will be made.
Death of Farmer Believed by Officials
to Be Due to "Knock
out" Drops.
POISON MAY IIAVE BEEN
GIVEN RED BLUFF RANCHER
PEORIA, 111., Oct. 22. — Some un
known person may have inflicted the
Injuries upon Mrs. Nellie Thomasson.
from which she died, according to
friends of young Higgins, who is un
der arrest charged with the crime.
The evidence brought out at the
Coroner's inquest showed that the
woman walked to the train at the sta
tion in, this city with but slight as
sistance from one of the employes of
the road and that when she arrived at
Lacon she summoned a hack and
made her way to the home of her
mother, several blocks away without
assistance. She # did not summon a
physician until sixteen hours later, and
these facts tend to prove, it is asserted,
that Mrs. Thomasson was not fatally
hurt by young Higgins, but by some
one else after she left the depot where
she had encountered Higgins and his
sister. . -l"'"J r ; ;?
The name of a man with whom Mrs.
Thomasson was intimate and who is
known to have objected to her rela
tions with Higgins Sr., is mentioned
Wedding Invitations
And all that is exclusive and best in so
cial engraving at Sanborn & Vall's. So
cial correspondence papers in exclusive
brands. Fashion's latest approved styles
in calling: cards. 741 Market st. *
Will of Pioneer Is Filed.
NAPA, Oct 22. — The will of the
late Henry Fowler, the 'well known
pioneer of Napa County, was filed for
probate to-day. The will is dated
August 23, 1902, and Is witnessed by
S. M. Chapman and the late T. B.
Hutchinson. It bequeaths all of the
estate of the deceased to the widow,
Catherine Fowler. Upon her death
the property is to go, share and share
alike, to his four daughters, Mrs. J.
H. Mallett, Mrs. Sherwood Bird and
Mrs. E. E. Klndelspire of San Fran
cisco and Mrs. W. T. Dinwoody of
Napa. ¦>>. '¦;;«>'
If love is blind, how can there be love
at first sight?
Representatives of America
and England Take Part in
San Juan Island Exercises
Friends of Youth Accused of
Causing- Death of Peoria
Woman Say He Is Innocent
WRONG MAN MAY
BE IN CUSTODY
SITES MARKED
BY MONUMENTS
When it became known that the
Grand Jury had recommended that
Higgins be held for murder, there was
a remarkable demonstration on the.
part of his friends, who flocked to his
assistance.
Mrs. Higgina, wife of John G. Hlg
gin. gave out a statement to-day. She
said that the intimacy between her
husband and Mrs. Thomasson began
three years ago. The couple, she says,
made a trip to Chicago together and
later he devoted all his attention to
Mrs. Thomasson. His son, Daniel Hig
gins, remonstrated with him, but un
availingly.
In this, connection, but so far there has
been no positive evidence against him.
In Wisconsin the Presidential elec
tion is incidental to the State con
test. Roosevelt's chances of carrying
the State are believed to be good and
there is a probability that Governor
La Follette will be elected by a great
ly reduced plurality. There probably
will be a considerable loss in the Re
publican Congressional delegation.
Montana is doubtful and will con
tinue to be doubtful until the count
ing of the ballots. The Democratic
State ticket probably will be elected.
Colorado is likely to go Democratic
on the State ticket and is in doubt on
the national ticket. The chances
seem to favor Roosevelt.
Utah seems to be assured for Roose
velt. Idaho also seems likely to go
for the Republican national ticket.
Nevada is conceded to Parker by 1200
plurality.
WISCONSIN SEEMS SAFE.
Rhode Island is apparently safely
anchored in the Republican column.
The ODinlon is general that Roose
velt will get the election. On the
other hand, the belief is widespread
that Garvin. the Democratic candi
date for Governor, will be elected.
cratlc or make it safely Republican.
In West Virginia State issues are
still attracting attention and the Re
publican State ticket seems likely to
be defeated. At present the Repub
lican national ticket seems to have
the lead, but the Democrats are hope
ful.
¦ Among the letters read was one from
Mayor George H. Williams of Port
land, Or., who is the sole surviving
member of the American commission
which presented the United States'
side of the dispute. Other letters were
from Hamilton Fish of New York, son
of President Grant's Secretary of
State, who was also a member of the
commission, and from Hazard Stevens,
son of Isaac Stevens, pioneer Governor
of Washington Territory.
the history of the dispute, which near
ly provoked war. -General George B.
Dandy (retired), who was with Cap
tain PIckett, told the story of how the
killing of a British settler's pig by an
American settler on the island in the
fifties , ; led • to international complica
tions, causing the' two garrisons to
on_the Island ancTcame near pro
"vbkfrig war." — "^
There is a dull campaign in Dela
ware and the State Is doubtful, with
the chances slightly favoring the Re
publicans. Money in this State can
change conditions and turn it Demo-
The Democrats also are in a fair
way to make Congressional gains, ow
ing to the lack of incentive to activity
because of the combination effected
In Delaware between the Addicks and
enti-Addicks Republicans.
Maryland is apparently going Dem
ocratic. There is a strong drift in
that State toward the Democracy be
cause of the race issue raised by the
President. "With the exception of this
issue conditions are similar to those
which prevailed in the State prior to
1£96.
In New Jersey the Democratic State
ticket is stronger than the national
ticket, and the contest Is largely on
State issues. If this were not a Presi
dential year the Democratic candidate
for Governor probably would be elect
ed. The Republicans give Roosevelt
S5.000 plurality and Stokes, for Gover
nor, over Black, from 13,000 to 15,000.
The Democrats claim the State for
both State and national tickets.
MARYLAND DEMOCRATIC.
Connecticut is inclined toward Roose
velt, as is admitted even by the sup
porters of Judge' Parker. The Bryan
element in that state will refuse to sup
port the Democratic ticket solidly and
the Bryan men are even now planning
to reorganize the party immediately
after the election.
XETW YORK. Oct. 22.— Reports to the
Herald from correspondents who have
been investigating the progress of the
Presidential canvass In the doubtful
States reveal an active lining up of
the opposing forces. The last two
weeks of the campaign will be crowded
with hard work and in come of the
States the result bids fair to be ex
tremely doubtful until election night.
In New York the battle is going on
with great vigor. The all-engrossing
topic is the State election. It , is ad
mitted still that Higgins will run far
behind the Republican national ticket.
He has, however, made some headway
and this seems to have been reflected
by the betting. Mr. Roosevelt is a
strong candidate and hope for the Re
publican State ticket rests entirely on
the expectation of the Odell organiza
tion that Roosevelt will have a plural
ity leading enough to "pull Higgins
through."
For Instance, it Is estimated that In
nineteen counties in Western New
York Mr. Roosevelt will have a plural
ity of 65.000—2251 less than McKlnley
had In 1900— and that Higgins will be
12,000 behind. Such a cut In the rest
of the State might throw the Republi
can candidate for Governor SO.000 or
100,000 votes behind in the State.
REPUBLICAN'S HAVE INDIANA.
The Republicans seem to have In
diana at present, but Democratic con
ditions have improved since Bryan took
the stump for Parker and Democrats
are making an effort to swing that
State in the last weeks of the cam
paign. Seventy-five per cent of the
Gold Democrats are supporting Parker.
The Bryan Democrats have been
solidified. Party conditions, therefore,
are normal, and the Republicans have
to fight hard to hold the State.
£l*dal Dispatch to The CalL
In Spite of the Factional
Fight Within the Party
the National Ticket Will
Triumph in Wisconsin
INDIANA APPEARS
SAFELY REPUBLICAN
Roosevelt Is Certain to
Carry His Home State and
His Popularity Adds to
the Chances of Higgins
NEW YORK
VOTE NOT
IN DOUBT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL*L, SUNDAY., OCTOBER 23, 1904.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
SPFGIALTHIS WEEK
9x12 Brussels Rug, $23
Standard auality. full five frame; Oriental, two-toned and
wood effects. A very marked reduction for such a srood rug.
Lace Curtains— Odd Pairs
m
AH makes from the best manufacturers. A few items will
illustrate the bij; reduction — remarkably Rood values.
v • ¦.¦-.'.
$i.2S, now.. . .75 a pair $ 4.50, now.? S.OOapair
$1.50, now.. 91.00 a pair $ 7.50, now.? S.OOapair
$2.50, now.. 91.OO a pair ' $15.00, now.91O.OO a pair
$4,00, now. .92.00 a pair $20.00, now.91^«^^ a pair
Portieres Reduced
Excellent qualities in Armure, Reps, Tapestry and Bagdad
effects These are only a few of our special reductions.
$3.50, now. .92.00 a pair $ 5.00, now..93.0O a pair
$3-75» now.^92.25 a pair $ 6.00, now..94.0O a pair
$4.00, now..92.5O a pair $ 6.75, now.. 94.50 a pair
$350, now.. 92.50 a pair $10.50, now.. 97.00 a pair
W&J. SLOAN E 6 COi
•rUBNITURE-CARPETa • RUOS • DRAPERIES-
114r-122;PQST ST-.S.K
KBIBPIk— BE ¦bSSh _ Jet—^ jBJ
ApVglVriSEAlENTS^ _ ' _
¦¦¦rBfnBBaBBBBVBP^oiBBBH
Hi tSSP^W h^ r '*^ Ifc/Jr IQj
ff] 4^j_f_£_2SMP //
SIS YOUR FACE MARRED?!
5 If you have hair or dark shad- H
= ows on your face that makes your B
" appearance repulsive, use the per- m
¦ manent cure, , - ¦ ' B
¦ B. B. B. EHrOUBH OABAMEZi, B
B A positive remedy for all such dls- . i
! B flgurement8. Trial treatment and S
g examination at our offices Pree. S
_• We remedy all imperfections of _
n the pkin. O
m Elite Skin Pood removes all D
™ blemishes and roughness; makes B
¦ the complexion .perfect. Q
B Elite Blackhead Eradleator re- B
B moves blackheads and reduces the . n
B pores of the skin. . . ; ' '.:¦ :i , S
m Elite Pace Powder— Chemically ' £
g pure. It has no equal. " ¦
g Elite Derhi'dtology ¦
g Institute g
B . Phone 1160 Main. 838 Market St. ¦
¦ Inclose stamp to insure prompt 2
B ¦¦¦'; ';•¦: <-:¦.¦ reply." :•••..•••• ¦:::•;. ,'--5
BBIBBBBBIBBBHBBBBBBB-I .
«3RAFE-yPTS.
TO THE ROOTS.
Food the Cause and Another Food the
Core of Stomach Alls.
When sickness comes it's best to go
to the root of the trouble at once —
U.ke away the kind of food used when
the person got 111. for the food evi-
dently didn't keep the body up. Feed
the patient on Grape-Nuts. That Is
the way of the food cure which has so
many remarkable cases to its credit.
''Several years ago my husband be-
came affected by a most disagreeable
aiid painful diarrhea, lost his appetite
and grew shockingly thin and haggard.
I persuaded him finally to see a physi-
cian, but after taking a course of medi-
cine he was worse, than ever and this
discouraged him bo he tried a lot of
home-made remedies, but they gave
him only temporary relief.
"Finally I persuaded him to. try an-
other physicah, who treated him for
indigestion, which he said was the
cause of ail his trouble, but after sev-
eral months' treatment the physician
said: 'You have let it run so long it
has become chronic and exceedingly
difficult to cure and you will always be
troubled mere or less.'
"Well you can imagine ' how this
ms.de him feel. ' t~v\- " *
"Some time after that some friends
t ad vised . Grape Nuts food and he
thought he would just give it a short
triaL' To our surprise ; he began to
improve at once. He. kept on each
day .'getting better and better until now
he can eat anything he likes and de-
clares he never felt so well in his life,
has absolutely no troubble with his
stomach or bowels and is fleshier than
he has been for years. Three cheers
for Grape Nuts." Name given by Pos-
tum Company, Battle Creek, Mich.
Sounds 'too easy almost to be true,
but ten days' trial by anyone will prove
the value of Grape Nuts, the most
scientific food In the world.
'There's a reason."
' Get the famous little book, "The
Road to.Wellville/' in each package.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. \ JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. ! JOE ROSENBERG'S.
y^^JL *¥$K nPWJ^l W* A Mffl HPIIYiT I4fAl*F Ff&lft Ttifb M&TU Cushions
y^y^ \V 7 \_ fit W^/ B JlV /A Ml If ft MiJH'v WAI I HBflf W*S rlAA V T0P aad B «*- r °r .»• Small-Pursed
J0\S :"£to»»XiV{? \ 2&i'' sttv/ - ' & --?'- -g*^f-^#l-* -»? **» ¦¦*t»-L#i"~ f\r\l**M* TPZ//4? iJ/£Ta+ liot I— Made of Turkish tapestry
/// ' -" CJ U A*f CAirrJLlr Mi irFfc MJM&if^Jr Li/ f £ r m ff^l Ifjfl ffVr^/'/f cloth - 25 inches square, in brUht
/// .^sS^^^^^X^^i/jKV X. V V GJ&m fc/7'tA/ AJ / /##__» rVT/VA. %m€J J f i CmfJ \J iifisJ tT^LJLn colors, such as red. yellow, jjreen. blue
/// . . .*•; •fSaSXTv^ssf i^^-vYv^ G ;?• ' '«! "• • ' ' ' •*-¦ ... - and purple: in fancy dcsijms; a larsrs
If/ ••Vs' 1 '_Kr /?r^l I AX^^^ ><"*V.*.**«.«** . — ' . A -—-——----———--------— —-___-_—--__-i ______________ , tassel in each corner; finished ready
S^^^^^t. . : -.Don't Neglect Your Own Interests WWSM$M
:0^^^^%l^^^m : - U>S \° yOUr * dv f nta » e « FI * tST * to £ee how we sell 5 THEN, go elsewhere and we are positive
m^^Ml^T^TiMW^^^ ' youil come back to us to bu y* The Price Cutter is never undersold for quality. We extend aX : d^i n d c y h for 9 ?h^7u : S n^n M o d n b d a S
tO di Jn and ar ° Und San Frandsc <> a most cordial invitation to inspect, these offerings. lw&^.^.?f?.7!!V^!r.l.T. l fSSS
: l HniiR Pcrfcct Fitl^8 Knit t0 Fit We Arc Pleased to Notify You Be in Time If You Don>t Wcar a Whilc
Ss<^lmZ&%& // N| v".' .••'•" nuun vfl.c Ladies' Corset Covers T »»at we have >om e of t_e neatert to oet one of Theie. for rmey seu BacK Comb
VX MlrWk. Jl V- ; BETWEEN r'£_^/*__X They are shaped "KS?"^'^ W< k "' V.ry Bapldly. You cannot consider
N^-rfrt^P^ L \ 9 Ira /Ma>t^2W^ and knitted to fit eTer " a t0 off «. -r-^. ' _-* M£BSI£L'S BOD- '**_=-__- O yourwlf In style. Fit
V—^^^ T^^ Af X o'CtOOI (v^W^V^S^ the form snugly. _ja . JlADIES' HANDKEB- fVjC^tflyfn i O _ TINS — They E^SSSj&SS^f snu^y to the head -
/^$^y >| WEWIM. \Sk r^S^yfS Ma<5e of Sealnland M P HIEP f PTl ra , de ,°l flne 1"W V/\vV ( k « e P the skirt and JlffllilH keeps the stray locks in
_^ SA. JlSoE OH \v L^fi4y 7 7 thread. buttoned finished with em- i /// mm }^. \\ \ belt in place and give BS[i|U j IB IP •! P la(> «: made of pure
_-fJ^^ _n *4&h-rr-&\ V^S tL - ¦/ down the fr ont; _ Jfr>\ • b £ oldered or hemstitched IJ/J --«-*-. \\V-J th Nearer the W' |( V/F_» whlte set
"9&£V vamsOP \-Mlife / neck and tl0nt J^RV////i ed f t es: nea^ and narrow "W W strai B ht front effect. ''••'hIUWMM* with rhinestones. Trie*
isSg^^r*^;.^^^^^ YSSilS xA&k-k crocheted with a CiVqJ j ¦ Patterns; also some very V^ -V Made of aluminum 5Oc
«.K : .*."*-*.'.*»;- # .-^^&ffl^^ " TAPPETA MVTVr'M stlk edge; high elaborate ones. Instead tL^ Sy\ and nickel' plated.
V ra_fe^J^ML •••'•' \&F^ BIBBOH neck and lon « _5^TT , o' 20c and 2oc. as ' long Worth a great deal Qiir Ng W F a 1] WnisfS Arc Here
pull 5 CORSET UIYLH sloeves wlth a €=d=J\M as the quantity lasts... more than the price we ask. Each 10c VYUl_li ATC HCre
inches draw string at the - ¦ : 12Hc "* Xn& There Are Many Handsome One*
To know th/ self, in others self discern. . , . wxde7 ??*. '^."Jl 8 t2^f® p them l rom creeping; LADIES' HAUDKEBCHIEPS-Made "MziTV Oueen nf SrnK" fnllar in the tot.
Would Storekeepers give prires If they lost by doing SO? COBDEd" • ff^^gSfi' if^ fW «« f ¦¦»» GENTS' KASDKEKCHIErS-Ma^e MaW ¥il?t°ffi!*ta feS and A Sld SoSfd^r^lned^^rf WackfVdf^w
Would premium companies continue in business if unprofit- ggg 8nr n ?! : t^% 1 u°x W ed P o rlC c e rLs C^s l s e ftSt S-Sy W glf ***' — • 25c blue, green, lavender, etc Price .
able? • BED/ hair and spider-web effects; all black; use *1 25 a dozen or Apiece 1 2V4o -ADIES' OVEBCO-XAJt OB BIB- 82.0O
f, . . . ,. . . . 4 . A .,..*, MODE high luster. Special for this week. .. J»A._;o a aozen or. .Apiece l_!ttc EON PBOTECTOB — Made of rich pat- c- •
If both made by the scheme do not the customers PAY wavy 15c A I M , n-;«_ terns of embroidery, with openwork SciSSOrS
FOR. THE GIFTS in HIGH PRICES? BUCK. f A LOW PnCC edges. Price l O c w_- Hot Bn - tte B e«t-It Cost. No
We do not. give premiums or prizes. Compare our prices A S??Ia_. ll S W ° rUl LOOlan d "-tO Tor Zxtraordtoari^ Good TOOTH D y R . y -,_----. More.
with those that do, and then you'll see how much you save HOUB Tae money we can save you in our „ . . _ B f»SHES. i#u iuw ixuiu lour urvsMS b*v'm One— Made of
at TUir DQirir rorrms » PBIOE.bc Muslin Underwear Department. Made of finely polished bone, with with Perspiration? — If So. Here's a r\ German steel, highly
AT THE PRICE CUTTER 5. . NONE • _. '¦ iaiiieb- wwrpn.m clear white hog bristles, put up in Prevent!™ »«¦ ¦ » l_r_i i ii polished. 3 and 9
Our sales are increasing every day— THERE MUST BE BOISIO- $f Made of a?ft blfaSS^tfffhT g" c h a way that they will not pull out. __ W^Si}. -J" A ~ w A „ T -, *J Inches long, different
SOME COOP REASON FOR tt. , _sro^s_ ft Stf.tSta J&SSUSS^tX ™^.™??1& . % »S ,lft!l™ „ <™ -*. The »fifS, HflS. ll
' ' ' J~V or tucKs ana deep hem; gen- uw SHIELD — Can be worn In keep sharp Price **5c
A Statement Prices and Ou^I^|_l||ia iSSS S& . ln .. w . ld . th . 5 o n c Some People's Feet &S&2S? odo^r^i A T?mp 'c- vrP "'
/SS&JYMlApA •-•*•• W ? " Tou Appreciate Good Silk Under- trimmed with Chon lac mOlt Ukely ta4 the flUlt ttMe - r^ Cashable For menl woi and hemming ladies" and geritlemen'3
(<$WMtU£O4yi ..re '"eel™! weftr . insertion; sYe^ves Sish^witn^ffle! J) A nf J^ XES ' , HOSB-Made . Sen o? childSSf* All Sl^^i^ir^m^yot^T'l^tSit
"katseb's" woven l^r^piS Direct From France (iQl l^MdfferS'tioJmi'So If Yov Arc LooKN for Laces "£""' V^7 "Z'7^*'
GI.OVES. «,; Pink, blue and white. Price 50c Another large shipment of Illusion ?£* %& t l **X ,5" l f £ t %»• Tou WU1 Pind THe Price Cutter-. I. TttC Prettiest WcVc Had Yet
r^:%S5k^iSiU h^effik2S 11^ p^re S^JgWy^S? ffcSS Sfde^i W "- "¦•.'" ™~. 5SS ™ SS.^ -S^eS! "* '. » HEOX CHAINS. -
two patent clasps; In gray, mode, O Veea silk Swiss ribbed Tn pink. navy, red, orange, black and ***'" XiADIES' HOSE — Made Here is some allover Cluny lace or • ¦ " •¦ ' Here's One— Made of
bright green, black, white and red. /^J^ D i n k blue' and cream «i on white: equal if not better than most ,_ * of lightweight gauze lisle net, in the real guipure designs; full large and small tur-
Price 50c KW 1 I IL L^l i., Al any 20c quality in Frisco. Our price., thread; stainless black, double heels, 18 inches wide; your opportunity to (^ > quoise beads, also gar-
tM " « . JfADXES' . TIGHTS— Tight 12V6c 'toes and soles; made for your left and buy as long as the quantity lasts. ,, -^ net and topaz, patent
D; i. An . W§ fitting tops, ankle length. x*7a-- rlgh( . foot; yQU wJU flnd Jt sq when pr j ce 75c « clajjp Thft genuln8
0^L _-, _-. - m I !S 3w?^F Freedom or Krrls Walst 7 f » » « g^sspS-lS sssssz r m irs-s r'? 0 ! r,;.' ch "; "'" 35c
taffeta, the imported quality; fast Jl cream ana DiacK. rrice.^. Madft m AU sixe(| for ow aad youn8r# black, made of the best Southern cot- inches wide; many different patterns LadieS PettlCOZltS
black and high luster; two Inches • •• •••; »l.uv Beginning, with the ! on: U 1 ?. 1 * 6 thr J e , ad heels, knees and . to choose from; woven edge; the kind ,/*. , , V^ •!&.
1^? LadlCS' D C ltS <@* VXnt All^i^.^^ 1^.^ h .^7. . W f^ tj^^^28n!£l5?$&
Tnf _ nU T~ WJAwMdst. TbM. for Porm -J^ »£*««%« j$* £*¦ ofWoffiTaSfi KS^ mv Rllfn Y nur Hafr Siue^pes^Pr^e^f^. 1 ?..^.^
InianlS Pitting- and low Price. . : : :^ .¦-/•«WBn. the biautlfuTly modeled fort to the wearer. Wny Rlim YOUT tUOT „
And a Ion? life to them if Full 4 inches wide; made of heavy //MW;U corset waist for the BY TTING IT WITH A STBXWO? WlSC MOtHCrS llaVe LCamed
(R 681101114 " fS^\J n £tf^£ i °3&t&& fc« "SSSS f I _Vfl<- ftA ft I" II lir n ft 1 «1 c^^** ¦&£_• m Por Cnildren.. Xnltted
&L Attaches over the shoulders Price 25c J ¦£rfrM> ot imported coutil. tape- l_ilUrSVL|y|lLPn Z& BlNDEBS?-?U^ed an?te^ Underwear to Go to the Price Cutter'..
M^ in a patent way; made of flne r=.f xr -I- &%$A}%n f » s tene.l buttons are B E« H U L I Y U P IS h P^ S?ded b^ hair authoH- Here is some we have just received
(P$r soft French nainsook four Flic YOUT Claim MfeSil d: s ? a i"* tabl ran hOU h; ll 1 1 P Mi.lIUI_IIU g|| ? m s mend M ide 7 of tortone for winter wear:
*U S^Kc-'aSi-fSSir^fflnS. PorOu.ofT.e.e-Pe.nry.ProuxParis M U U THE PR.CE CUTTER fufto?^'^"ffiS/S X>S£g"Ji*
Hi ln !io^rTwhTXh to add Made of soft S calf skin, moire SJlttfrlK ""^ * 816 Market St. - II O'Fimll St. S& SenTcaS. A^JT&^^ %J^
<iVi» health to the little ones. In- lined, patent frame, leather covered Children's... 25c „ < "_" combed clasp on the Hair Binder and Drawers or pants. to match— Ankle
spect these. Within every- and leather, strap handles; large .size; \oung ladles' _-75c HAH, OBDEBS SOLICITED. you can dress the hair any time you length and French band tops. Price
body's reach. Price 2oc in black, mode and tan. Price. .81.00 \Vomen s *i AnA J cnoose¥ p r ice 10c A garment i» 5 C
PEREMPTORY
CRED1TSALE
Important to Homeseekers
WE WILL OFFER AT
AlCTION
AT OUB SALESROOM
20 MONTGOMERY STREET
Satutiag, Oder 29, 1901
AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M.
SSMsssiEesiHots
v 'AS PER DIAGRAM
OONTMISSlJSOPPORTUNITY
Jl IL
230 STREET-
SZJSZ SS| 55 S SZ SZ 55 j P"
17 II IS 20 21 n 23 24
¦ - 1 l i i r I §
t. s • » ' I u "a -
B » " " a 5 ,,
" s -w 2i a S *
g s " » a S
S 100 I . 12 100 §
3 I i I I I I I I
12 3 4 S I 7 •
25 25 23 25 -25 25 25 25
mi cow tmc i _ J4TH STREET- caw.uwK....
Only ODB-Ttiird 'East
Balance can remain for 1, 2 or 3 years
at SIX per cent
STREETS SEWERED
24th ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY
Property adjacent la balldins np tot rapidly
California Title Inraranee and Trent Co. will
receive applications for policies of insurance oa
each lot for the nominal tarn of 17.50.
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
APPLY TO
G. H. UMBSEN & GO.
20 MONTGOMERY STREET
Schools and Colleges.
¦En I 1 M CMS H Wi
r9 ' I i?3W A n fill a kp_
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE 07 TBS
WEST. *
Over 24 Peat it., San Francisco, Cat.
Eatab. 40 rears. Open entire rear, day * aixnt.
Write for circulars (ft**). ~^*San Jose Switchman Killed.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 22.-— Harry I. Ev
ans, a local switchman, this morning
fell tinder a moving engine at the
broad gauge depot and had both legs
cut off. He died after "two hours i of
agony. Evans was 25 years old, a na
tive of Johnstown, Pa., and waa un
married. »
The grand Irish ball to be given by
the Gaelic Dancing Club at Mechanics'
Pavilion Saturday, October 29, prom
ises to eclipse any former event given
by the club. Every preparation is be
ing made to render the event a notable
one. It will open with stereopticon
views and moving pictures of Ireland,
followed by an exhibition of Irish step
dancing. Jigs, reels and hornpipes.
Mayor E. E. Schmitz and Mrs
Schmitz will lead the grand march/
followed by members of the club '' in
uniform and by the . audience. A
band of twenty pieces will furnish mu
sic and special music will be played
for the Irish dances. .
.Valuable prizes will be given to the
ladies seeing ' the greatest- number "¦> of
tickets. This has resulted in a large
sale already. The last rehearsal of
250 children^who^are to take part in
the dances will ' take place at ' Scottish
Hall . next ; Sunday afternoon. v The re
hearsal will be open tQjVisUors.
IRISH BALIi WILL. HAVE
MANY CLEVER FEATURES
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is rising rapidly on the north*
em coast. For Is reported at the Fara Hones
and at Point Uey«s. Conditions are less favor
able.for settled fair weather.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains, except at Tatoosh.
Warm -weather continues alone the coast
from Point Conception southward, with after
noon temperatures of 90 degrees or higher.
At Yuma u maximum wind velocity ¦ of
twenty-six miles an hour from* the south Is
reported.
Forecast made at 8an Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 23:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, except
fOK<y along the coast; light northerly wind
Fouthern California — Fair Sunday,- cooler;
llpht northerly winds, changing to fresh west
erly; possibly fog on the coast. .*
Nevada-r-Falr Sunday. »
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy, cooler
Sunday; probably fos; fresh westerly winds
Los Anceles an( i vicinity — Fair Sunday
cooler, possibly fog. fresh west wind.
Sacramento — Fair, cooler Sunday fresh
southerly wind.
Fresno— Fair Sunday, fresh north wind
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Three rounds of a beaten-dog stake
were. run at Ingleside Park yesterday,
leaving nine dogs to compete to-day
for the final. The coursing afforded
some excellent trials. Large scores
were the rule, as the hares were
strong. The talent" fared badly," as
many heavily backed favorites failed
to raise the flag. Following are - the
day's results, with Judge John Grace's
official scores:
Beaten-dog stake, first round- —
Brewery Maid beat Ante Tralee, 8-6;
Red' Hot beat Free From Flaw, 7-5;
Lucy Glitters beat Courtly.Guest, 11-6;
Dear Gastori beat Cavelette,;. 16-0;
Irma Hbtfoot beat Blue Beard, 6-3;
Flannigan beat Lily Wright, 9-5; Ida
ho Boy beat Fairy Belle, .14-0; Young
Kerry Pippin beat Belle Lloyd, 2-1;
Water . Maid beat Lady Menlo, 5-3;
Jerry \Vright beat Thetis. 8-5; War
co beat Pepper Jack, 4-1; Rolling
Boer beat Brilliancy, 13-8; Aurelia
beat Little Klamath, 14-3; Maid of
Mercy beat Cascade, 12-6; Agitator
beat Medley, 10-4; Maid p' the Glen
beat '.Maid o' Gowrie, 5-0;! Bright Co
lumbia beat Concord Boy,. 4-3; Fire
Brick beat Good as Gold; 3-1 ; Reck
less Rose, a bye; Her, Boy beat Labor
ing Boy, 4-1; Concord ". Tralee beat
Pure Pearl, 6-0; Baby. Byron beat
Little Freda, 12-6 ; Silent Water beat
Pete, 10-1; Craig Lad beat Gold Lily,
11-6; Siroc beat Red Brick, 7-2;
Haughty Helen beat Croix D, 16-4;
Black Bart > beat Haddington, . 12-4 ;
Hunter Ra.ine beat • Darta'way.V 21-111
Second round--Red Hot beat: Brew
ery Maid, S-l ; Dear Gaston .beat Lucy
Glitters, 7-1; Irma Hotfoot beat Flan
nigan, 3-0; Young Kerry Pippin beat
Idaho Boy, 3-0; . Jerry Wright ; beat
Water ' Maid, 4-0; Warco beat Rolling
Boer, 15-7; Aurelia beat Maid of Mer
cy, 10-7; Maid' o* Glen beat, Agitator,'
12-6; Bright Columbia beat Firebrick,
11-3 ; Recklessr > Rose > beat ' Her Boy,
18-5 ; Concord Tralee beat i Baby By
ron, 15-6 ; Craig Lad beat Silent Wa
ter, 4-2; Haughty Helen beat Siroc,
6-1;. HunterRaine, a bye. .
. Third round— -Dear Gastonjbeat Red
Hot, 14-9; Irma Hotfoot ;beat |. Young
Kerry Pippin, 8-5; Jerry Wright. beat
Warco, , 10-6 ; Maid ; o* ;. Glen beat}Au
relia, S-7; Bright Columbia ..beat
Reckless Rose, 8-7; "Concord iTralee
beat Craig Lad,, 8;3 ; Haughty Helen
beat; Hunter^ Rain VI 9-7. |
HEAVILY BACKED FAVORITES •
'..: FAIL TO RAISE THE FLAG
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Oct! 22—6 p. m.
The following- maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
rinclnnatl C2-40 New Orleans 74-58
Boston 60-46' Philadelphia 66-51!
"ackRonvllle C0-5«t"WashinKton CO-IO
St. Louis 60-42 New York 66-54
Chicago 30-381 Pittsburff (S4-4U
SAN FRANCISCO 76-CO
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty- four hours:
Last This Last .
Stations— 21 hours. Season Season.
Eureka 0.00 4.34 3.27
Re4 Bluff 0.00 5.49 0.40
Sacramento 0.00 0.47' l » 0.12
San Francisco 0.00 7.45 0.17
Fresno 0.00 4.98 *• 0.00
Independence 0.C0 0.47 0.42
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 4.58 0.02
Ivm Angeles 0.00 1.13 0.43
San Diego q.qq q.16 0.07
THE COAST RECORD.
H g K O 2
•I if §1:51 a- I
STATIONS. |-|| p|f |- |
j I I I J f
Baiter 30.20 €6 86 NW Clear TOO
Carson 30.12 68 30 NW Clear .00
Eureka 30.16 B6 60 NW Foggy .00
Fresno ...30.02 73 48 NW Cltar .00
S.E. Farallon.30.C3 61 60 NW Clear .00
Flagsuff 30.12 d 20 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30.16 70 36 S Clear .00
Independence .30.04 76 48 S Clear .00
Los Anseles ..29.SS »4 BS W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.06 75 64 .Calm Clear .00
North Head ..30.22 60 62 NW Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29. SS 92 .. W Clear .00
Point Rerea... 30.00 69 68 NW. Foggy .00
Portland S0.10 C8 60 NW' Clear .00
Red Bluff 30.02 76 66 BE Clear .00
Rcceburir 30.14 74 44 NW Clear- .00
S&erareento ..30.02 .8 64 N > Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.20 «2 3C W Clear .00
San Francisco. 30.04 70 60 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.2D.91 00 60 N Clear .00
San Diego ....20.86 86 64 . NW Clear .00
Seattle S0.00 «2 40 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane .30.12 68 »6 SW Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.24 56 48 NW Pt.Cldy Tr
Walla Walla. .30.08 74 46 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnncmucea .29.86 72 30 E Clear .00
Yuma 29.90 02 C4 SW Clear .00
LATE SHIPPING INTELiI/IGENCE.
.
I
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 22.
Stmr Chehall*. Johnson. 62 hours from
Grays Harbor. _^ £ „
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 20 hours rn»m
Port Harford.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. 65 hours from Coos
Bay. via Port Orford 4" hours.
Jstmr San Pfdro. RatmuHtn, 25 hours irom
Eureka, bound south; put in to land pas
sengers. _
Schr Transit. Kllntbcm. 10 dtyi from Port
Hadlock. ¦ "'
Schr Mary and Etta.. Wetzel. 24 hours from
Iversens Landing.
SAILED.
Saturday. October 22.
filnir San Pedro. Rasmusren, San Pedro.
Stmr Newport. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
Htmr W II Kruger. Norberg. Portland.
£tmr Jjimea S Hl&gins. Hisgins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno. •
Stmr CoQuille River. Adler. Eureka.
Ktrar Aurelia. Erickson. Portland.
Ktmi- Montara. Reilly. Seattle.
Stmr Despatch. Levinson. Portland.
Stmr Mandalay. Smith. Crescent City.
S:mr Dei Norte. Payne, Crescent City. - ".
Stmr Santa Cruz, Alberts. Pert Harforfl.
SUnr Argo. Dunham, Eel River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOEOS —Oct 22. 10 p m—Weather
tossy; wind NVV; velocity 0 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN—Sailed Oct 22—Schr WInslow.
for San Pedro.
EUREKA—Sailed Oct 22—Stmn Pomona. F
H I^eggett, Eureka and Arctic and schrs Ida
M'.-Kay and Antelope for San Francisco.
ASTORIA —Eailod Oct 22—Stmr Redondo,
for tian rYancisco.
BA.NDON—Sailed Oct 22 —Stmr Chico and
echr C A Klose. for Fan Francisco; Etmr
Kilzabclh. for San Francisco.
COOS EAT —Sailed Oct 'JS —Stmr Break
water, for San Franc^co." i
FORT BRAGG—Sailed Oct 22—Stmn Bruna.
wick and National City, for Ban Francisco.
BOWEXS LANDING—Sailed Oct 22—Stmr
Kavarro for Kan Francisco.
SEATTLE —Sa;I<*d Oct 22. 2 p m —Stmr Cen.
tennial. for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 22. 3 p m —U 8 itmr Burnside.
from Sitka; 0:10 p m —Stmr Dolphin, from
Ekagway.
EAN PEDRO—Arrived Oct 22—Stmr Rival,
from Bow«n* Landing:.
Sailed Oct 22—Stmrs Clias ICelson and Cen
tra'.ia for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO—Sailed Oct 22 —6chr C 6
liolmts, for Port Townsend; bktn J L Evlston.
for Grays Harbor.
PORT LUDLOW—Arrived Oct 22—Schr Snow
•nd Burgess from Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR—Arrived Oct 22—Stmr
Coronado. hence Oct 19.
Sailed Oct 22 —Stmr Be*, for San Pedro.
TATOO6H—Passed In Oct 22—Schr Willis
A Holden rroir Shanghai for Port Townsend.
PORT GAMBLE —Sailed Oct'22—Schr Mary
K Foster, for Honolulu.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU—Arrived Oct 22— Br ' «tmr
Aoranci. from Victoria.
Failed Oct 22—Br «tmr Aorangi. for Bris
bane.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
VICTORIA. B C—Pasted out Oct 22—Nor
etmr Tellus from Pert Townsend for Taku.
Passed In Oct 22—Br itnr Wyeneld, hence
Oct IS for Comox. --^
OCEAN STEAMERS.
N£W YORK —Arrived Oct 22 —Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool: ctnir St Paul, from South
ampton: etmr Umbria. from Liverpool.
Sailed Oct 22—Stmr New York, for South
ampton via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Vadrrland for Antwerp; stmr Lucania.. for
Liverpool: ttmr FurmsMa. for Glasgow; stmr
Koenig Albert for Genoa and Naples; rtmr
Hekla. for Christianla and Copenhagen; ttmr
Minnetonka. for London. JL'
BREMEN—Sailed Oct 22—£tmr Freldcrlch
der Gross* for New York %'ia Cherbourg.
YOKOHAMA—Arrived prior to Oct 22—Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong; stmr Hyade*. from Seattle for
H CHERBOURG-Salled Oct 22 T Stmr Phila
delphia irom Southampton.for New York.
MOJI—Sallrd Oct IS—Stmr Germanicus, for
£an Francisco. - . .^ „ „ * .
HAMBURG—Arrived Oct 22—Stmr Pretoria,
from New York via Dover.
NAPLES—Arrived Oct 22—Strar Nord Amer
lka from New York. ; - .
GLASGOW—Arrived Oct 22—Stmr Siberian,
from Philadelphia via St Johns. N F..
LIVERPOOL—Sailed Oct 22—Stmr Campa-
Eia. for New Yorlt. • £,
Arrived Oct 22 —Stmr Cestrian. from Boston:
stmr Cymric, from Boston.
ANTWERP—Sailed Oct 22—Stmr Zeeland,
for New York.
HAVRE—Sailed Oct 22—Stmr La Sayoie^
for New York.
?JUEENSTOWN—Arrived Oct 22—Stmr
Etruria, from New: York. .
Prayer can be long without being
tall. ; •??
Alternated Couples.
OAKLAND, Oct. 22. — Elfreida Nel
son was granted a divorce from Wil
liam Nelson this afternoon by Judge
Melvin on the ground of failure to
provide and neglect. Charles Tepper
and wife, the plaintiff's parents, testi
fied that they had had to support their
daughter. Alice V. Foster was grant
ed a divorce from Charles H. Foster,
an engineer, for desertion. Suits for
divorce were begun to-day by Frances
E. Johnson against Amos Johnson for
failure "to provide; Julia P.latt against
Samuel Platt for desertion; Hattle'
Miller against Frank Miller for cruelty.
Third race, five and a half furlongs
—Mum won. Monaco Maid second,
Fourth race, Tobacco stakes, value
$14S0— Copperfleld won, Early Boy
second, Fonsoluca third. Time, 1:44%*
Susanne third. Time, 1:11.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Colonel
White won. Exalted second, S. P. Lan-
Second race, mile and an eighth,
selling— D. L. Moore won, Curate sec
ond, Baird third.' Time, 2:01.
First race, six furlongs — Coruscate
won, Phil Finch second, Red Thistle
third. Time not taken.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 22. — The fall
meeting of the Latonia Jockey Club
opened to-day. Results:
Iiatonla Fall Meeting Opens.
P. H. Scullin, after spending threa
months In the East on behalf of the
National Industrial Peace Association,
has returned to San Francisco and has
laid his report before the board of
directors of the association. Scullin
has established a State branch of the
association In Indianapolis, having
among its members prominent union
men. non-union men, employers and
business and profesional men. He re
ports having met with success wher
ever he went, receiving the Indorse
ment of various unions, as well as the
co-operation of employers, press and
the church.
He concludes his report by saying
that a reaction has set In and never
has the social soil been in such recep
tive condition for the scattering of
economic seed. Scullin says that the
extreme men on both sides will cease
to be a power for either evil or dis
cord. . ii -
IjABOR AND CAPITAL
IX OXE ORGANIZATION
BERKELEY. Oct. 22.— Fire was
discovered in the City Hall on Grove,
street at 1:40 o'clock this afternoon
and an hour later the structure had
burned to the ground. Only the brick
vault in the City Clerk's office re
iriained etandlng. In the vault were
all the records of the clerk's office.
Most of the other city officials were
given sufficient warning to permit the
removal of their office furniture and
records. The loss to the city will be
about $15,000. The amount of insur
ance cannot be determined at this
time.
Defective lighting wires in the attic
are believed to have caused the flre.
City Clerk Merrill discovered smoke is
suing from the roof and telephoned to
the Fire Department. The firemen's
work was rendered futile by an in
eufficiency of water. Four streams
«ere turned on the fire, each compara
tively feeble and ineffective. The
building was a frame structure and
burned like tinder. Ten minutes after
the flames were discovered the firemen
pave up hope of saving any part of it.
They cut oft* all but one stream, con
centrating this on the City Clerk's
vault, to make certain the saving of
the records there.
Street Superintendent Turner locked
all the records and papers in his office
in a large safe. The safe stood in a
corner of the room on the top floor
and remained there until all surround
ing portions of the floor had fallen.
When its supports were burned away
it. great crash announced to the throng
of spectators that the safe, weighing
4000 pounds, had dropped to the base
ment. It remained intact, despite the
Call.
Justice Edgar's court dockets were
all destroyed, with all his court papers
and furniture.
Auditor Hanscomb "Saved his papers,
as did also Surveyor Huggins, who
sustained a severe cut on -the scalp, a
chandelier falling on him while he was
removing his records. A crowd of
high school boys worked valiantly to
rescue furniture and papers from the
burning building. With their efforts
and those of the firemen and officials
nearly every book and paper of value
is believed to have been rescued from
the flames.
"I am not 8 Me to tell what Insur
ance, if any. there- was on the build
ing." said Clerk Merrill. "The Trus
tees had voted not to reinsure the
building, but whether the policies have
all lapsed remains to be. seen by con
sulting the records, which are in the
vault of my office. Besides the loss of
the building and its furniture, the city
will lose the money recently spent for
an elaborate electric switchboard and
corresponding system, costing $150')."
V A report that the Gamewell flre
alarm in the hall had started the blaze
was refuted by Superintendent Ryder
of the fire alarm system, who said
that BOO volts charging current was
turned off at 9 o'clock this morning as
usual. All the wire connections of the
fire alarm system ran into the hall
In fireproof cables. If the Gamewell
system had started the blaze, said
Superintendent Ryder, it could not
have turned in an alarm, as it did,
fifteen minutes after the fire started.
Fire Chief Kenney complained bitter
ly of the lack of water with which to
fight the flames. He reported that
Arthur Higgs of Hose Company No. 2.
and Archie Edgar, of Engine No. 2, had
been overcome by the smoke and were
obliged to be taken to their homes.
C. D. Maloney, superintendent of the
Contra Costa Water Company in
Berkeley, said that the use of four
streams by the firemen "nullified the
strength of the pressure," and that if
one stream only had been used the
pressure would have been ample to
force it to any part of the building.
The City Hall was moved from Sacra
mento and University avenues about
four years ago. It was valued at $15,
000. The Town Trustees had consider
ed including $75,000 for a new city hall
in the bond project recently abandoned,
but their final decision was against
erecting a new hall. The matter will
be given consideration again at the
Trustees' regular meeting next Mon
day night. Temporary quarters for the
city officials have been engaged in the
Shattuck block.
Ancient Municipal Building of Wood
Burns to Ground in an Hour.
Oct. 22.— Arthur Dodd,
13 years of age, was accidentally Bhot
and killed . by his father, Vincent A.
Dodd, ."shortly before noon to-day
while the two were' hunting ducks in
a boat off the south end of- Caroline
street. With a heart rending cry,
"Oh, papa, ( you have- hurt me, you
have hurt me," the unfortunate child
clung to his distracted parent's neck
as his life blood gushed from a gaping
wound in his right side. He lived'but
a few -minutes after receiving the ter
rible injury and when the agonized
parent beached the hunting craft his
boy, rigid, in death, still hugged him
closely.
After tenderly carrying' his son's
body from the boat and laying it upon
the sand the father gave way to his
great grief. His cries attracted the
attention of several persons, who
went to his assistance and induced
him to go to his home / at 1031 Tay
lor avenue. Dr. W. Tappan Lum was
summoned to attend the lad, but a
glance revealed to' the physician that
the little fellow was beyond human
aid. Deputy Coroner James Fowler
was notified and the remains were
taken to the local branch morgue and
later removed to,the undertaking par
lors of Smiley & Gallagher, . from
where the funeral will be held Mon
day morning at 10 o'clock.
Between his paroxysms of grief Mr.
Dodd explained that he was in the
bow of the boat when the accident
occurred. He was in the act of turn
ing toward the stern of the craft to
shoot at a duck when his shotgun, a
12-bore automatic weapon, exploded
and the charge took effect in his son's
right Eide, tearing away the liver and
causing a hemorrhage that quickly
brought death.
Arthur Dodd was a native of this
city and an exceptionally bright lad
for his years. His father is the su
perintendent of the Yosemite laundry
in Oakland and is prominent In fra
ternal and athletic circles. The fate
of her youngest son has prostrated
Mrs. Dodd and her condition is seri
ous. . )'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 22.
Pining for freedom, Ranlma Ara
mancha Sengh, the alleged Hindoo
Prince incarcerated in the County
Jail," attempted suicide last night by
hanging himself to the bars of his
cell. But for an accident by which a
cellmate was awakened Sengh would
have been a corpse this morning. In
order to see how to tie the rope he
set fire to a piece of paper; then he
swung off, as he supposed, Into the
great beyond. The paper fell upon
the sleeper below, who awakened with
a shriek. thinking the jail was on fire.
Jailer Pete .White was attracted by
the noise and going to the cell no
ticed the form of Sengh hanging to
a rope made of strips of blanket A
noose was around Sengh's neck and
the other end of the rope was tied to a
crossbar near the ceiling. He was
cut down and resuscitated. He said
when revived that he was tired of
prison life, -v
Sengh claims to be the son of the
Maharajah of Lahore. He was sen
tenced to serve six months in the
County Jail for stealing $60 from a
serving man of "Chris" Buckley at
Ravenswpod, near Llvermore. ~
Albert Miller, a prisoner in the City
Prison, attempted suicide this after
noon by cutting the arteries in his
wrists with a razor. Before any one
saw what he was doing Miller secured
the razor allowed prisoners on Sat
urdays to shave with and cut both
his wrists and was bleeding profusely
when discovered a. few minutes later.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Oct. 22.
Armed with a big revolver and bar
ricaded in a saloon at 1701 "Willow
street, from which he had driven the
bartender and proprietor, George Pat
rick, a negro residing at "West Oak
land, maintained a reign of terror for
more than an hour early this morning
and was not subdued until he had
been disabled by a bullet in the arm
from the revolver of Policeman Con
Keefe. The policeman dfd not shoot
the negro until after he had fired two
sho'ts Into" the wall over the infuri
ated man's head fn an ineffectual at
tempt to frighten him into submission.
Keefe went to the saloon in answer
to a call from C. O'Levia, the propri
etor, who Bald that Patrick had driven
every one out of the place and was
wrecking the fixtures. The policeman
found the doors barricaded and was
forced to break a panel out of the
rear door in order to see where the
negro was. As soon as Keefe's face
appeared at the opening Patrick cov
ered him with his revolver and said.
"If you try to get In here I'll kill you."
Keefe reached for his own pistol and
as he did so Patrick snapped his gun
in the policeman's face, but the cart
ridge failed to explode. Keefe fired
two shots into the wall to frighten the
negro, and as the fellow continued to
try to fire his own weapon Keefe shot
him through the left arm above the
elbow. The door was then broken
down and after a hard struggle Keefe
succeeded in handcuffing the negro,
who was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital, where his wound was dressed,
and thence to the City Prison.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 22.
Coming to Berkeley to pay his' taxes
on Dwight way property, transferred
to him by his father many years ago,
James Irvine, a San Francisco capir
talist, made the astonishing discovery
that he had no property -In this city,
and that valuable land which he sup
posed he owned had been sold,
through the medium of a forged deed,
to Milton Shepardson of San Francis
co. The swindle was perpetrated a
year ago, and on the land which Ir
vine thought he owned Shepardson
has erected three fine houses.
Irvine was informed by the town
authorities that, despite'' his desire to
pay taxes in Berkeley, no land in the
university town. stood in his name.
Then Irvine, amazed and indignant,
walked to Dwight way. near Tele
graph avenue, and there rubbed his
eyes as he beheld the three new
houses that stood on - land . he had
owned for many years.
Inquiries made by him developed
that E. J. Stewart, a real estate dealer
of Oakland, sold the lots to Shepard
son a year ago for a stranger, rep
resenting himself to be James Irvine
of San Francisco. Stewart tells of
meeting the false Irvine, whom he
supposed to be the real owner of the
Berkeley land, and of selling the lots
to Shepardson for $4500, a price be
low their value, the land, being now
estimated as worth $10,000. The
stranger gave his address as Stonevllle,
Phillips County, Miss.. He received
$4500 of Shepardson's money, through
Stewart, and left the country. The
tleed to Shepardson was recorded on
November 2, 1903. Mr. Stewart said:
"In October,- 1903, a man claiming
to be James Irvine came to me, rep
resenting that he owned property in
Berkeley. He said he had purchased
it twenty-five years ago, was tired of
paying taxes, and wished to dispose
of it before he returned East. He de
scribed the property as a lot. on
Dwight way, 150 feet front by 300 feet
in depth, 150 feet east of Telegraph
avenue. He said that he would ac
cept $4500 cash for the property. I
secured a purchaser and paid a de
posit on the property. "Irvine* at once
made out a deed," which was placed
in the First National; Bank of this
city to be delivered upon payment of
the balance due.
"I ordered a search of the property
made and found that it was owned by
James Irvine and that the conditions
were all as he had stated regarding
the time of the previous transfer.
"I sold the property to Milton Shep
ardson, a San Francisco attorney, and
on account of my receiving no com
mission for the transaction it was
agreed that I should have an interest
in the profits of the property. Mr.
Shepardson has since built three
houses on the land, mortgaging the
three lots on which they stand to
raise the money for their construction.
"The real James Irvine has told me
that he does not wish the holders of
these mortgages to lose anything;
hence he will pay a reasonable amount
for the improvements in order to
clear the title to the property. Mr.
Irvine says that he does not hold
either Mr. Shepardson or myself re
sponsible for the swindle, as we were
both victims of a clever bunko man.
"The bogus Irvine was a man about
65 years old, rather short and heavy
set, with a heavy dark mustache. : He
was well dressed and had the appear
ance of a man of wealth and refine
ment."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Oct. 22.
A Judgment in favor of the Regents
of the State University and against W.
A. Knowles for $14,000 was handed
down to-day by Judge S. P. Hall. The
rcatter has been long in litigation and
is all the university can get out of a
claim of nearly $30,000. Little or
nothing could have been recovered had
not most of the 160 other defendants
allowed the suits against them to go
by default and failed to plead the
statute of limitation.
The suit was the outcome of the
purchase by Knowles of the Tompkins
tract from the Regents in 1830. There
were forty acres for which he was to
pay $50,000. He paid $10,000 down
and gave a mortgage for the balance.
Then* he began to divide and sell the
land. He was given releases of the
lots as they were paid for, but it was
afterward found that lots that had
not been paid for had been Interpolat
ed in the releases. He was tried for
forgery and acquitted. So much time
was wasted in bringing suit that many
were exempted from the Judgment.
Knowles thus saved some $10,000 and
enough others to make up a total of
about $14,000. or half the amount sued
for. 'ri ¦ .
Quick Work Is Done by Fierce Flames
George Patrick Buns Amuck
in O'Levia's Besort and
Makes of Place a Fort
Vincent A; Dodd Causes the
Death of His Offspring
While Out Duck : Hunting
Hangs Himself to Bars of
His Prison Cell, but Is
Cut Down by v the Jailer
University of California
Given Judgment Against
W. A. Knowles for §14,000
Berkeley Land Taken F.rom
Owner in San Francisco
Without His Knowledge
BERKELEY CITY HALL
IS SWEPT BY FIRE
FATHER SHOOTS
HIS YOUNG SON
PRINCE TRIES
TO END LIFE
FORGER'S DEED
MAKES TROUBLE
SETTLES LONG
STANDING SUIT
POLICEMAN ENDS
NEGRO'S FIGHT
. ¦ ¦ » • : ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦¦ ¦ •
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL. SUNDAV; OCTOBER 23, 1904;
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
No man can be happy, all to himself.
A great Intent makes for noble con
tent. y 7 -v>v .•
caster third. Time, 1:06.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling —
Ben Mora won, J. J. T. second. Goo
Goo third. Time. 1:33%.
36
.'. - '. .- i ¦.' . "- ADVERTISEMENTS. . .V. ' '
I. ' fc '' " , > ' ¦¦ — » | I WANT TO TALK TO MEN WHO HAVE PAINS AND ACHES.
1 1 '!»|!\!. H jT» i » ">"i| /*-' I fc( who feel run down physically, who realize that the old "fire" and
II IL"" Ls^Vv/I I I Y f \'-' vV 11/*'"' IV i cncrjjy which was so evident in youth is absent now; men who can't
WtSti. J<!>?^jr_ ' f f I 'I'a^v'" t I I II stand the amount of exertion they could years ago. I want you — if
lt^^HTp^^ jf^^r^^ I 1^^ II j— V'/^ '/" l! 'w' v "* *¦""' that means you — to see what I have done for others who were tust>
;fffv\ / ' 1 Eg2?} \\ I ~J "*¦?[ f- 1 /^^^W 3^ as ac^ °^" That'3 mv introduction. If a friend in whom you had
1 •¦% *K^| fe^KB <*)¦ if J I I fjv fll^Vi confidence presented some one to you and said, "Jack, here's Brown;
f MlJI ly lr*^»^^\i •-'si Ai'.« -A {.' /^''mWSS' d£5&, e nas mac^ e g°°d with me, and I trust him," wouldn't you trust him,
I '"ii t ¦ *^/J Oe^ \ •• M^WJjL "I I have always wanted to talk to weak men, talk to them auietly
!• ! j 7\ '^ri \ * '""' -—3— an(^ ' n ear . nest - because I know how they feel and I know that I can
j r 4^ \ v _ i Ir'^W x /jjl? -J^Bfjjffit^ niore tor them than any other man living, and I only want a fair
U ' §^T ""^ \ \ vifSJ&ik l&k want to talk to men who feel old and slow; who don't have
\Y / / t \ \ JwftMKilillisiP^@i iat s P r 'g nt^ ness ' tnat °^ courape and "go" that they used to have;
It] . t /' | jk^ V • J ; those men who always have the feeling as if they had suddenly grown
H* I ft »i\ J^ * "— ,c-C?\ JtSjBH^M^^^^ SB'S. old; who have lost interest in life and its pleasures.
ISj J #.* /«L *— — T^" ' M/ l|^*^ l *t 1^^^^^/ There are several kinds of weak men, but every man knows his
Hr fl ' -M7 ' \ 1 'i 7yv| XuCVi^^^^^^^BP^^' own s y m P toms - He knows that he has lost hi3 "steam." and my
H fl^^X^v v '» v\ lf\ jrfraia f^^^ w/// object is not so much to talk of how he has lost it. as to show him
UJ IV N VW///J?'^-'y^^t^"'^H8s^H^S^^^^^^^^r what human "steam" is and how he can get it back.
at I^toT" ¦ a^S0O\\l^x "i i^T^^A^ 'fAr^ Professor Loeb. the noted scientist, says that human vitality is
Ha I ~*^-m^^^SaSSBmuf^k ¦ based upon electricity. Qreat athletes and trainers of athletes are now
P 7**"T^Wj||^teS^^^H^1 ' <¦/ jf_ t HhBfflffgJStfflnKa^^ using electricity to develop physical strength and .endurance. Doctors
li ~~ z -? *^ir^!^^^^Sgrl'^T — '/wWy^f^%SS^^^^^^^Xk¥^^ w^° want to curc their patients now apply electricity in nearly all
II. caSCS showins a want of vitalitv - The da y oi stimulating drugs is
I it \NS>1>^^I^^^^^^^i^^^^^^W W&. You see tney are a11 c 01 "" 1^ t0 >*• They wouldn't recommend my
\ ' a< /%¦¦*/ 1 f&- \ v'iX belt— still a few of the srood doctors do recommend it when they care
_'?., *1 r v cqratr PW' J* W [ »*'HHJlinfll mnsm more for a man's health than they do for his dollars— but most of
• them call me a quack, because I pay for my advertising., But thev
all admit that electricity will increase strength. That is all I claim for it.- That's all you want, any way. Ifyou have enough strength you'll
never be weak, nor suffer a pain.
It used to be considered sensible to take drugs to "wake up" sluggish circulation, to weak nerves, to make the stomach' tate food
that it was too weak to "digest.'- and then another drug to drive this food through the intestines which were too weak to do their work. ". Men would
take drugs to make them sleep and an eye-opener in the' morning to make them feel as if they had rested — all dope.
It is well known now that ne ar iy every dru<* contains from one-half to nine-tenths alcohol, and the rest poison. I'm no advocate of the intem-
peratcuse of alcohol, but if you have to take it, why can't you take it without the poison? It is proven that in thirty minutes after a drug' is
taken the physical vitalitv is five per cent lower than before taking the drug— that is. after the stimulation has passed off.
Taking stimulants is like borrowing money for half an hour at five per cent interest— you borrow a dollar and pay back's dollar five in half
an hour. If that scheme kept up would break your bank account, it will just as surely break you down physically. Wouldn't it? »
Nature will stand a" good deal of punishment but she will not, stand it always. She gives you a.strong body to start with, and demands an
accounting. . • v
' My method is to helo nature — to add artificial vitalitv to that you already have. Every one of us has a certain amount, according to our
strength, because vitalitv is strength.; When you lose some of-this vitality you are weak — a weak man. My appliance pours a fresh suoolv into
your body while you sleep. It generates electricity, and pumps that into your nerves. Professor Loeb says that it is the basis of vitality, and
my cures prove it.
Mr. Emile'Do're, Ivy. Modoc County, Cal., writes me: "I have had no indication of my old weakness since I havo worn your Belt, and the varlcocels'ts
yielding nicely. I am well pleased." '• v - . . •
Now, if you don't feel right, I can cure you with my Electric Belt. If you .are. full of rheumatic pains. I can knock them out, I can ooar
oil into your joints and limber them up. I ;have ; often "said that pain and. electricity can't live in the same house, and I prove it every day.
Mr.-L..J.Barnett of Tillamobk/ Or.; writes: "Your treatment certainly does what no other can, for it has cured me. I cannot praise the Belt too highly
and gladly recommend it it in any case of .vital weakness." *
If it were not for. the breiudice due to the; great number of fakes in the land I would not be able to handle the business that would come to
me. The "Free Belt'.' r fraud and' the '"Free Drug" scheme, which are not free at all," have made every one skeptical/but I know that I have a good
thing, and 111 hammer away until you; know it.
¦One thing every man ought to know is this:* Your bodv is a machine. It is rurj bythe steam in your blood and nerves. When you begin to
breakdown in; any \yay^ you ; are; out- of steam. That's just what I want to give ; au b:\ck. '
Mr. A. Hubbs of Calistbga, Cal.. says: 1 "My rheumatism has entirely disappeared, my digestion is perfect, I have gained eight pounds In weight and all
the symptoms of weakness are gone, which is^ remarkable, considering my age."
I have a cure in every town. Tell me where you-live and I will give you the name of a man I've cured.
Tell me your trouble and I will itell you honestly whether I can cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I have been
in this business 22 years! and I amthe biggest man in it to-dav bv long odds,, and I am growing vet. because I give every man all he pavs for.
Now. wouldn't you rather, wear'mj' live-giving appliance while you sleep every night, and feel its glowing warmth pouring into you. and
feel -yourself taking on a -new -lease of life with eachapplication, thanto'clog your intestines up with "alot of nauseous drugs? Snrclv! Try me.
: :;v- :';¦ Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz/Cal., writes: ."I am cured. of all my former ailments, and you have my heartfelt gratitude for what your'treatment has
done ior me. ir ¦ . . Sii»S8
.Ifyou will come and see me I'llexplain it to you. If you .'can't 'call' let me send 'you m y book, full of the things -a man finds 'inspiring to
strength and courage. .Free" if you send this ad. \ " "
nb M C MnJ A I friHI: I1V 906 Market Street, Above Ellis, San Francisca
L/Iv» 1"1» Vf« lTlWJLrf/> \J VJ1 *"* l? 1 f Office Hours— 8 a. in. t6;8 p. m.^Sundavs. io to i.MISS O'BRIEN TO "SINfi
Parishioners Aid StrMaru's
IFOR BENEFIT OF CBDRCh
Many a brave man • who ; never ,.' faced
a cannon faces his : wife ¦ at '' breakfast
k £very, morning. V '. »"-
TEHAMA,,Oct. 22.— -The Mill Creek
Hatchery ; resumed ) operations ? yester
day-. -SaHhon- are \ now running ' quite
heavily, one-quarter of a million egg-g
being • the result.- of -the fltst > day's
work. Indications - point to , a very
successful . "season.*,:
Big Day's. .Work at Hatchery.
CHICO, Oct. 22.— Gilbert Lutz^ a 14
year-old boy, while out hunting this
morning ,was struck. in the left shoul-'
der by a? 2 -caliber bullet. '.^The boy
and his brother were hunting on Little
Ch?co' Creek.. They were near a flump
of trees when Gilbert was. 6hot. Ittla
not known who fired, the: shot.. The
boys saw.no one and no smoke.
Person Unknown Fires ¦-Shot That
i Wounds I«<1 in the Left
Shoulder.
MYSTERIOUS SHOOTIXG
OF BOY WHILE HUNTING
Modesty Is a great virtue, but a man
seldotn gets' his salary raised on the
strength of It. .
About the only, right a taxpayer.- has'
Is the right ¦ to" pay the ' freight.
We are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents for
"The Marshall." the'best $1.00 fountain
pen In the world. Sanborn, Vail & Co •
The Preclta Drum. Corps gave, a
masquerade ball; at Eintracht Hall last
night.'? While- the/J merry-making Vas
inprogress Candidate Julius Kahn and
Judge 'Frank 'Kerrigan dropped- .¦ In.
The v/elcome to' Kahn'shook the build
ing and he responded to the universal
demand .-, that ; he make a speech. He
was cheered ~as he left" the /building.
The" fun in the hall 'continued until
dawn. - ' '
Drum Corps Entertains.
• ' BARON'S, the leading Cloak and Suit
House, wiirhave/a'special sale Monday
and Tuesday only. "Goods will be offered
at a low figure. New styles in. fall and
winter goods at' both 'his stores, 762 Mar«
ket street and 115 Geary street. ;•-¦>¦ • .
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 22.— Superior
Judge E. C. Hart to-day sustained the
demurrer of Mayor W. J. Hassett* ac
cused by the Grand Jury of willful
misconduct in office, but in- the case
of Chief of Police Coffey overruled
the demurrer. The officials were ac
cused by the Grand Jury - of having
permitted gambling to be conducted
in the city during the recent State
fair, in vain of law.
Hassett's case is permanently dis
posed of, but Coffey >vill hsyre to an
swer to the accusation and stand
trial unless the City Trustees and not
the Superior Court have jurisdiction
in the case, as Coffey's counsel an
swered that in all possibility he would
take an. appeal to determine the ju
risdiction of the court.
Coffey was allowed . fifteen days in
which to enter, his plea.
Court Overrules Demurrer of Capital
City Officer to Accusation of I
. Grand Jury.
CHIEF OF POLICE WIMj
HAVE TO STAND TRIAL
Hortano Brandt, a 12 -year-old. boy,
living at 811 Ms Golden Gate avenue,
was knocked down by an automobile
last night and sustained a. slight con
cussion of the brain andniinor bruises.
The J lad ; ran\ into; the street to get : a
ball \yhen the machine,' driven by J. ,O.
Bradney, knocked the youngster, down.
Bradhey picked the boy up and carried
him to the Central' Emergency Hospi
tal in the-automoblle." *>; •
Injured by an Automobile.
Three boya,. who boast of being
some of the gang' that steal bicycles
when left by. fheh\ owners at the en
trance to the public.library In the City
Hall, were. arrested- yesterday by Po
licemen Cottle "and \Flynri." 1 -The trio
are F. voh . Borneman^ 12 years old,
living" at 1254 Folsom' Vtreet; George
Collopy," 12, years/ old; ,904% Folsorn
street, : and .Ernest ! Strong, | * 10 ; years
old, 23^ .'Fblsom; avenue. '-; When
locked . up at ; the City Hall station
they boasted of - their expertnees in
"swiping wheels."* They' bielong to 'the
"D. W. C.^' ¦ which . stands I for j
"Dope Worry Club,", with ' headciuar"
ters on V'Folsom :Vavenue,-_Vnear,. 'the
place where the police found -the sto
len wheels last Friday. The. captain
of the "D. W. C." outfit is 'Cecil
Strong, ,a- brother of one of ,the boys
arrested. It is said that there are
four of the gang now located about
Redwood City actively engaged in the
pursuit of their avocation. f>
Bicycle Thieves Arrested.
1S9 1 Mason -Streelf'-
Is where you will find the best that's go
ing in groceries arid wines. Rathjen
Company, 139 Mason street. > • ;
If you hope to achieve any success. in
life, you must learn the first rudiments
of success. It is an old saying and a
wise one that if you take care of your
dimes the dollars will take care of them
selves. Save part of your income, no
matter how small or how large it is. and
you will be • surprised at the result zt
the end of the year."- It. Is very nice if
sickness or trouble comes on ¦ you to
know where to go for some money. It is
also equally nice if a good investment
shows itself to have ready cash. The
way to have it is by saving. You can
start with $1 with the Phoenix Savings,
B. and L. Ass'n, 616 California street, re
ceiving 4% per cent, interest compound
ed seml-annually... On term accounts 5
per cent Is paid, payable semi-annually.
Paid-up capital, $1,250,000: guarantee
fund, $200,000. ..The directors are A. A.
Watklns. Charles R.: Bishop, George C.
Boardman, S. Prentiss Smith, Gavin tec-
Nab, Charles E. Ladd; Clarence Grange,
managing director. . ¦ . • • ~
Success Must Come to You.
Mrs. Magglio flew into a passion
and, deliberately heating a stove poker
to a white heat, caught her child and,
assisted by the other woman, tried
to £°rce the iron ii\to his mouth. The
boy fought frantically and in the
struggle some horrible burns were in
flicted, one on the inside of the mouth
being fully six Inches long and very
deep. His hands and face were also
badly burned.
The case has "aroused great indigna
tion here.
While seated at the table, the Mag
glio woman's son. Giccomo Magglio,
aged about 4 years, asked his mother
for another cur> of coffee and because
it was refused he called her a yile
name. Another woman, who lives
with the Magglio - family, exaggerated
the child's offense | and is said to have
remarked: "If a child of mine said
that to me I would burn his tongue
out." ',,"•'
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 22. — One
of the most flagrant cases of brutality
that has ever come to the attention of
the local police was brought to light
yesterday when Mrs. Magglio, a Span
ish .woman, .. was . arraigned in Justice
H. Rice's court on a battery charge,
preferred by the Chief of Police. She
pleaded guilty^ to having tortured her
infant son to 'discipline him for call
ing her a vile,, name. The story told
by the woman stamps her "as a fiend
in human form.
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
MOTHER PLAYS
PART OF FIEND
An Irishman" says that being an an
cient must have been a healthful occu
pation. V. './"
A woman's favorite writer is t, hus
band who is capable of writing checks.
The parishioners of Old St. Mary's
Church at the corner of California
and Dupont streets are making every
effort for the success of the benefit
that will be given in aid of the parish
next Thursday evening: at the Alham
bra Theater, Eddy and Jones streets.
Several good singers have tendered
their .services to the cause. Among
them will be Miss Etta O'Brien, a con
tralto possessing a: beautiful voice.
Professor Marcellino, the famous
violinist and accompanist of Ysaye,
Slvori, Patti and other notables, will
give selections.
A. Roncovieri, president of the
Board of Education, who is a noted
trombone- player, is also- on : the- pro
gramme. * v
Tickets may be had .at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'8, Kearny and Butter,
streets. The general admission will
be 50 cents; reserved seats, 75 cents.
CLEVER YOUNO WOMAN WHO
WILX. SINO AT THE BENEFIT
FOR OLD ST. MARY'S.
THE ; SAN, FRANaSGOJICALL, I SUNDAY, OCTOBER ' *23/ 1904.
37
' AJ)\ T EKTISEMEXT8.
r ffH| ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦sTsWiSSilM ' - m—mwm\—mmmm.m.^aa^. ..
AA SOT BER Worta of Furniture and Cs.rpet« for S7^0 Cash and Sl^O per 1
n I fl W , ee - C — w * Ka.ke a Specialty of Purnis bin? Flats Complete. I
ti \L B &9» We P a ? fr«ifbt. i
Yi k B OXr - tt AIiSO APPtT TO OAKLAND. AXAMEDA, f
V BlS 9 ¦ SZ - B3U - X>Z: '-- > Axn> AZ --- f SUBUKB AK TOWNS. i
ti yl V ONEDOLUR PER WEEK OPENS AH ACCOUNT. I
- ¦¦-,-- '..; M
W^ w^^^^ mw^ m^^ mm . J «Mas«||iM-sl-s«Bs-a™«-^
fi 85c Linoleum .. 42&c yard
I 40c Linen Japanese Matting, 20c yard
190c Tapestry Carpet . . . . 50c yard N
$65 Bedroom Set. ........... ... $42.50
D $46 *^4kJg£^.^.^#^ $28.00
I BIRDSEYE MAPLE DRESSER -Must be itea to tf« /P f\f\
i »pl ID be appreciated $ub.UU
I $90 Birdseye Maple Chiffonier, $50.00
$90 Quartered Oak Buffet, bea&ty. $50.00 j
| $60 Combination BooKcase $32.50 I
N. a- We will willingly forfeit J500 if any of these goods I
fan be bought in any furniture house in this city at these prices. «
**** ae!= ' " " ¦ = I
roniM «xrr» n- ' ? n r «t. # ROCKER — Easy and comfortable •
IRON BED-Brass top rail like cut} quarter-sawed oak; rubbed puno
regular $9.00 value; Cfc CA finish; regularly $10.00. tfj nn n
special. . . . ¦ . . . . 4i-±.JU special. . . . . . . . Jj./!)
D/v-trro ttt j . t *_ * BOOKCASE — Quarter-cawed oak. H
ROCKER -Wood seat; a beautyvfor suitable for any Ubrary; plenty I
the money; regularly «?•« HP of shelves; rearular 540 C" 1 fl I
$3.50; special .... $l.(D valne. Special •Pl7 |
ar _ w^^ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ •" ir"
IT RRIIIIIiT ' FURNITURE CO. J
tf I B ySlILLIllill 338-342 Post Street I
fi ** "On the 8quara" ¦ fl
AN NXJUNC EJVIENT
Recent developments at -our. properties of < an im- "
portant ; charajcter render Hmperative \ an : advance ¦ in \ the
price of our shares. Onl and:- after the i.^ist 1
day' of- October, V the^ price will -^be -'advanced ¦ to
i,i.Sc; ©er share and v only 1 50,006? shares' .more will
be sold - at ¦ they present • price ; of \ I2}4c ; • per, ' share. We .
will stop ;the sale " : when-' that limit hasbeeii reachedandv
on , October . %\ st '{ thefprice iwill* be 'i advanced ;•¦ as Vaboye
* stated. • ,Onlv SO.ooo; shares » will i be sold : at f 1 sclri.wb.en
I the price ;,will I; be \ aerain advanced -without' notice. -. "J."
ALASKA PETROLEUM vANL|i COAL i COMPANY.
HASSELU AUDIT. COMPANY, : " 1 '
v * ,^ Fiscal {Agents; Mills! Bide.. ;¦
- . : " Phone Bush 344.
vULUiiODlA warn wx&
TO-NIGHT *
and for %
ANOTHER WEEK
The Immense Musical Comedy Hit.
SAN TOY
"WITH
JAMES T. POWERS
Oct. «i— ••QLrmatrjTQ .gloria.'*
alhaMbra.
LAST TWO CONCERTS '
Matinee to-day at 2:3a
j TO-NIGHT AT 8*30.
SOUSA&
Prices— Erenlnr. f 1 B0 to 60a. ifatinso— $1
to 50c '. ,
GRAND ; 5S5S£
• AN IMMENSE HIT
LAST WEEK
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SATURDAY
AMERICA'S GREATEST PLAT.
ARIZONA
By Augustus Thomas.
ORIGINAL PRODUCTION.
8PLENBIT> CAST.
Detachment of Cavalry
Mranrao sUNDiY HAT. OCT. 30
JANE CORCORAN
Supported by
ANDREW ROBSON
In Mathew's Fasclnatlnr Romance, /
PRETTY
PEGGY
POPULAR PRICES.
. It. W. Bishop, lessee and manager.
TO-HISHT .u*&?" a ~. SUNDAY
A JAPANESE NIGHTINGALE
The great Oriental novelty. . i
TO-MORROW NIGHT (Monday)
Oliver Morosco offers
His - ' Great Galaxy ot Players In H. V.
Esmond's masterpiece ot Love, Romance and
Comedy.
WHEN WC WERE TWENTY-ONE
PRICES— 23c to 75c '
Without exaggeration the consolidated Ma-i
Jestlc Theater Company Is the greatest stoclc
organization in the country. - • '.
HAMLET NEXT.. . . ¦
orf^|iVilJHO«si
SECOND WEEK '
. Enormous Success of the First Production
in English of the Famous Comic Opera.
Her RuSteMfliler
(The Mousetrap Peddler) -
MATIXEE SATURDAY. '
IXI ¦*~^ -v- + The London and'Neir Tort
* ~ *^ -*** *¦ Musical Comedy Hit :
THE MESSENGER BOY ;
SAME PRICES ..'... ...25c. 80c. 75c'
mmmmmmtmmmmmmmm \ .
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF
"DOWN THE LINE "
. . By Howard Jacot. •
THIS AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT.'
Funniest of all hurlesones. „ ~"* .
"Farewell" appearance of the present excep-
tional company. .
An admirably acted play gonreoualy mounted.
-.¦ ' • Eighteen actual novelties. ...
•' This < afternoon, • 25c. 50c -
Children. 10c and 25c.
. ."¦ viTo-nlsht, 25c, 50c. 73c. '''
-
Hllh-CIass SpeclalHes Every After-
noon and Evening fti the Theater.
STAFFORD AND STONE: EMILE ' CHEV.
R1EL- FIELDS AND WHALES: MLLE.
VENTURA' THE THREE- FORRKSTS: MA-
BEL LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN BfO-
GRAPH. ,"'¦.. • " ".
SPECIAL— Children visitlnt the Chutea Sun-
day mornings, when '. Sultan, the untamable
lion performs with Captain Hendricks in th«
Zoo* will be s*lven tickets for the Miniature
Electric Railroad. Ferris Wheel and Galloping
Horses. WITH OUT EXTRA CHARGE. .
AMATEUR NIGHT .THURSDAY. .
Adfni^sion. 10c; Children, 5c.
When Phoning Ask for The Chutes. -
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
jpf) Perfect Fitting f/M^
£>: Eye£lass83; S|
M U Moderate Cost |\
I ' ' .
; OtZ MARKETS!
Palace Dmj fAjtit?
1 1 uiuwv 8ee the be!lutifu j
; l£l ¦ ; : . COURT Lounging
3flfl room, the EMPIRE
:-; "™ P aRLOR , the
; IwUmm A ¦ PALM ROOM, th«
v Ur3IlU LOUIS XV PAR.
: , LOR, and the. LA-
lf^i.^1^ DIES' WRITING
I iioteiy room. .,
TJ 15 TT C II IT C FOR BARBERS. ' B A-
DflUO fl Ju O - kers. bootblacks, bath-
. -• . - v , hcusrs. billiard tables,
brewers. | bookbinders, candy makers, cannera.
dyers, flour mills, ; foundries laundries, paper- '
hangers, .printers.- painters.' shoe factories,
stabltmen. tar. roofers tanhers. tailors, etc.-
BUCEAHAH BBOS, " ,
tBraah MannfacturerB, 609 Sacramento St.
______ _^atMUSEMENTS.
INGLESfDE^
COURSING PARK;
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
rCourilnjr. will begin '. at ] 11* o'clock "sharp and
continue until the last 'winning flag, goes ; up*.
I TOT At PRIZES v : : WMQ
All ' Mlsslon-sti cars transfer ; to Guerrero
f^ars," |rhichrt> direct' to the park. '
[;H : : v . * ";: john" grace, /judge. V" ¦>
. V; EDWARD : 8H0RTSTAQ. ? Slipper. "
Week Commencing THIS AFTER-
". NOON. October 23. .
European and
American Stars!
THREE DUMONDS V
The . Famous Parisian Minstrels.
HARVEY COMEDY CO.
' Presenting; "Wanted— A; Groom.''
WM. J. CLARICE
SULLIVAN s PASQUELEHA
In Their Comedy Song; Act. 'THE
NEWSBOY'S APPEAL"
.OWLEY and RANDALL
¦ Introducing Their Latest Success.
"TUMBLING TOM."
Retained One ' Week I Longer by Unl-
• vernal .Request. ' . . - * •
LEWIS McGQRD & GO.
Offering; "HER LAST REHEASAL,"
By Wlllard- Holcomb.
SINON and PARIS
- The Droll Greeks In the Olden Times.
JOSEPHINE DE WITT
"FIDDLE AND I." Violinist and Vo-
calist. , -
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing the 'Latest Novelties.
Last Week of the Sensation of the City,
TEGHOW'S CATS ,
¦ The Most Marvelous . of : Educated Fe-
¦ lines.-
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday.
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c, 25c and 60c.
loiciRSING-PARK
P. J. BEILLT Judjra
JAS. V. GRACE .SUpper
SATURDAY and SUMDAY
October 22 and 23.
Glass and
Reserve StaKes
1 112— NOMINATIONS— 112
$1000— TOTAL PURSE— $1000
TRAIN SERVICE."'
¦ Trains leave Third and Townsend ' strev*
Saturday at 10:30 a. m.. Sunday at 10:15 a. m.
and 1 p. " ra.. stopping at Twenty-nrth and
| Valencia streets "five minutes- later. Returning
after the last course. San Mateo electric cars
every lour minutes to park entrance direct.'
h'A'T ,C1 A nr A y>Beiasco*Mayer/
! ALCAZAR i?t?&y
| Creneral Manager.
| MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT_LAST TIME
The Way of the World.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. '
H. V. Esmond's Delightful Comedy.
\the\
\WILDERNESS1
: ECervtscent* Comedy! Sparkling' Wit! v-_-
Sweetest of Romances! • .
Eletrant " Scenery and Costumes.
Evgs . 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 3t5c to 50o
October 31 — Frankllrjr Fyle's Ureatest Drama,
"DRUSA .WAYNE."
Market Bt., near. Eighth. Phone - South 683.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
JAMES J. JEFfRIES
— IN—
"DAVY CROCKETT"
MONDAY NIGHT-cALL . NEXT • WEEK.
MATS. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY."
Stupendous production of '¦ Steele ' Mackaye'g
' thrilling drama of : the "Kelgn of Terror,"
"PAUL KAUVAR "
E£BSC*n;ii XAYALL
- , In 'the title role..
- POPULAR . PRICES— Evenings. . 10c to 80c;
Matinees. 10c. 15c, 25c
w p. BUCKINGHAM
In Costumes Reading u
"MAGBETH"
Lyric Hall, 119 Eddy Street,
-Hext Tuesday Evcnlasr, Oct. 35th
. Next' Satoxday Matin**, . Oot. 39t*i .
.-•*;¦; f.'- V TICJCBTS.N 8i;'^.oC'o4:'
SEATS BEADY TO-JflOKKOW .
' , At Sherman, Clay «t ': Oo.'m.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
premiums
Premiums arejg^ven to cus-
tomers of Port Costa Flour.
Attached to each sack at all
grocers is a premium coupon.
Ask your grocer for Port
Costa, the best flour, and in-
sist on getting the coupon.
Port* Costa
?Ml ' ' '¦-¦
Is milled from the best of
choice wheat. It is always uni-
form in its high quality. A bet-
ter flour for all household pur-
poses cannot be made.
¦
Port* Costa Milling Co.,
San Francisco
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S ant at d
SaUSEOH OF fiHATOaY$
O C& lCnX4£XXTST.t«t.i:M7U,l.r.3il0
A , ; H\i\ VTarld. Witiuun «» i. r MutuKd A
' vZ£!kV$ <«t»f«itl»rfr»r»« h/tta<*)d»t Y
Q fpTI-^l Sp«ci»]utooikeCc«K. tit- 3* r e»r» Q
A A 2^ J OR. J0KDAK-BISEASE8 OF MEN A
O I }Rwf tl Trxiimeni prr-onil.f cf by Inter. A A
V k y Xj V f—U*t ft^« u> tntj cue ndnuitn. \
A pa UH Writ* for n**k. PKiL«aopay»f A
1 A U ii *•)<•• *>)* book far m'n ) v
V CB. iOKDAXAt'O., JOJi Mnrt^t st.R. P. Y
Woman
/^'-^i'w'. \»i% u lat«re«Ud »*<1 should knotr
,\ v v ¦ .'• ¦ •*» v i a a Vjii: the wonderful
I'fJi^'teVin MARVEL Whirling Spriy
\'''*aj5Sy' ls '«W*5il'* e r * w T »* i "«< *.«%». Injee-
¦ * T^vyCSr^^L. tionaiid Sttrtien. Bent-Bat.
<¦ v- x^V'5r>«ift*S h __^*"t-Mc<t Convmirnt.
V'<'J2% It U»«m»« Urt«»tiy.
i.k ~wmr trmtftti t»r Ii. \. A/ •' '^<-***^S^»
Mxer. bui «en<I (tainp for W> * m^<i//'i/',\ .
jltistra4«dbo«l[.-M«U*.-ItclTe« \'... / /^i}<('
feUlparUcai»nasd<llreetk>niin- - K», I . m
ralnablr to ladie*. «4BVn,CO»^f, t , a
m I rark &•**• Jen 1 ork. :
£C2 Kew WorLgcmery, Saa Francisco. Cal.
.WUllam Hatteroth (Indies' Dept.), 224 Sutter.
CcJcn Drue Co.. 400 Sinter and 100 Stockton.
OwgooA Brottaera...7th and Broadway, Oakland
fcaldwiB Pharmacy * 119 gllli
!H. S. BRIDGE & CO.,
MERCHANT TAILORS,
622 Market Street.
Up Stair*. Opp. Palace HateL
SAN FRANCISCO.
Itovehkt in Imported Wear
(3AU.YAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
Send for Catalogues of Music.
r-CALlFORNIA-s
. Edward Ackerman, Lessee and Manager. h
v TOMGHT-The funniest of them all I
MASON 1
;•¦*« W M rM »¦ As the Burglar ] |
MASON and the Detec , tive
In Mark E. Swan's Latest ¦ A * D "__^ ;
Musical Comedy Success j£*» bi k m-, Ftr'
SNITZ
.¦¦'- - , ¦ \ Direction of Messrs. Bro*dhur»t and Carrie.
•-. : v ' : : , fj
Side-spIltUm? laughter from start to finish. lntenrper»«d wlti catcliy mail- «
cal numbers. Moat Ingeniously, const racted wrmical complication* «r«r created. II
A positive cyclone of hilarity. ' ii
NEXT I HA VERLY'S MINSTRELS V I]
Vi. Ti rii ir* -m •%> B Wlth W J *' r V -*J». T*» Aj«*M*n of Borrow." and a ||
•Sf//V/IjZl ¥ h0€t of otn « r bl * tetLtMT^m. lncludlnc Jimmy WaU.~th« I]
mLfZ\fw\mS —. 8 B«*« BrumnMl of Mlastrelay": Franklyn Battea. tae M
JUt fk nr / l\J Em jC H Phenomenal ginger; Clayton. Jenkins and Jaszwr. Cw II
IVM JMk M M I w Mmmi Mmmi u Great Olio Act. , *H
¦ POSITIVELY THE GRBATE3T. MINSTREL ORQANIZATtON IK EXISTENC3S. M ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"-"T 7 W TMnssssfTsMiTlli^ itiii 1 -^-v* j lJ> » -* •' -i*TJTi_ \\ rmMmJMMJj^ijmKMWiSSmEa^^Ea^tm^KWr r -+*f y^**^'** '^ *.fiw.«M xr
• We Will offer tormofrow^ and following days';
4this v week the most stylish garmentis; of .the season
at Money-Saving Prices: Better material,^better styles,
better fit and finish at Xess^ Money : f han Anywhere.
TAILOR SUITS JACKETS AND COATS
, '^¦MfSfA $18.50 '& $16.50 Loose Back Coats, satin lined and fancy
: ff«£sr Suits at trimmed, our $12.50 leader, save more
\Jff~ <t!O Rfl money; they a*;e novr $10.00. .
tf&ffiK. • .'*.?.??" 3-4 and. TULC LENGTH COATS,
j^^^^fk Novelty Tourist correct styles, good material, $2.50 to
ran wlw S u i t nf fclarlc $5.00 less than anywhere. Our prices
.SS^)^ navy and brown $2Q> .\ •-*
m§SmW mixture. Collar, CH1LDREVS COATS at money-sav-
* IPii^fcsk .cults and belt are ing prices, $5, 56.50, $7.50. $850
- |j|$ | MM velvet trimmed. and $10. . "
K8$yP m , NOVELTY WALKING SKIRTS at
'MOT Plenty Of $5. $6 50, 58.50 and $IO
JM&M&2** Rrnum ?„!?« Fur Jackets. Fur Scarfs, Fur Capes '
Br0WO S Ui * S at Money-Saving Prices.
At $17.50, $20, $25 and $30; J^^^^SSS^k.
the handsomest suits in tHe
city. $5.00 to $7.50 positively
1230, 1232, 1234 MAKKET STREET. ,
— — ~ . --.; . ,:-. ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ....'..I
eoc©©©©©seoooo©©©e»o©o©o«©«»©©©@©c©©o*o«©»©«*
I TAILOR SUITS I
UNDER.PRICED I
o • . ¦ - e
2 $30.00, $27.50 and $25.00 J^aaaI
| TaUor Suits on Sale at . . . , f «U.yU •
O 5 distinct styles, all as pretty as they can be. Navy blue Vene- O
O tian suits, with burnt, orange vests. ' The tailoring ij faultless: •
2 the fitting perfect. Novelty Blouses and Tuxedo Suits in shades of •
g brown, green and black. . , . : H . , 5
0 $20.00 and $18.00 Suits on *} C/\ ©
1 Sale at, . ...... / . $l^.Jy J
'©- newest ©
9 fancy mixture, neatly; trimmed with plain cloth, fancy pleated sleeves , ©
• and full' pleated skirt. ' ¦ '•
2 CRAVENETTE COATS S^Vi" ?rlV™ «- S
9 ' .:•:. ; j Wholesale Prices . . S ,
O The $17.50 quality on sale at 912.00. q>
• . The $18.00 quality on sale at $13. 5O. ©
© -¦¦'V'' - The $20.00 quality .on 'sale' at $15.0O. ••
2 1142-1146 Market Street 2
cftao®c®o®©oeoo©©©oas©©»«eao©oe©©aQe©a©©©Q»9goMinisters may "'come and ministers
may go, but the choir feud goes on for
ever. -;,-A~-''- ."' • .'
Have your menu made by- Edward Knowlea
Company, Printers, . Second at., near Market.'*
R. ; Huntington of New York, by which
special forms of ' worship": for foreign
congregations affiliated with the church
are permitted. .
Aleut two-thirds of the people who
attend church can't tell an hour later
what the ministers talked about .
Here is something you' never see men
tioned by the writers on etiquette:
every person's social obligation begins
at home. . -. .
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and nearalgta.
XfcucgUU. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 400 Clay.*
TTe have converted our picture room
into a beautiful art gallery for the exhi
bition and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
in\-ited. Sanborn. Vail & Co. •
•A Xew Art Gallery.
A New York widow refused to erect
a monument to her husband's memory
because he was so forgetful.
Fall hats. 1904. Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace.*
The mysterious disappearance of
Isabella Farrell, a pretty child 3 years
of age, is puzzling the police. 1 Her
parents live at 116 Jackson street.
About 4 o'clock in the afternoon of
Wednesday last the child was playing
at East and Jackson streets with some
other children, but she has not been
seen since. She was dressed in light
clothes and gray cap. The police of
the different districts *-ave been noti
fied to look out for her, but no trace
has been found.
May Have Been Kidnaped.
The non-commissioned officers of
Company B, League of the Cross Ca
dets, gave a dance at Richmond Hall
last night. The affair was arranged to
raise funds to build a gymnasium for
the company. The committee in
charge was: Sergeants Francis A.
Koch, James L. McClellan, Joseph
Burns and George "W. Auld, Corporals
James Bickson, Charles Johnson, Rob
ert Elliot and Fred Postel.
Cadets Give a Dance.
The Paraiso Springs aro always bpetu' '_•'
V - The < Brockton Shoe—^-a new $ 2.50 jcuar
anteed 8hoe-^-In \ all t leathers f and « lastsl
A" Shoe "\t or iwear, fit : and -;". comfort." :• and
guaranteed "i in; every particular.; 'New
store/ next" Zinkand*s,-925"Market st. ••
Two maddened horses attached to a
"dead wagon" and tearing Jwlidly.: up
Market street, between Sixth and ' Sev-, 5
enth; yesterday afternoon "caused much'
excitement among : the prornenaders on"
the sidewalks. A slim: man i, clad $ in
gray cloth esj, who "; had ''been dropped
out of the vehicle 'half; a -.block 'behind
was among : ! the "also ; ran*' I in [ his ;ef-"
forts [;- toi catch; < the ¦ teaml ] He was
Deputy, Coroner' John ; P. : Fennell arid
the vehicle was .the Morgue wagbrL -ftf"
• r : : " : ;At I Eighth ':¦ and! Market •* the
team ran into a Hayes street car, 1 bend
ing; the .' dashboard "'¦ ! of i the ? car » and
badly 'damaging /the; i wagon:- '.The
horses were; caught at City r Halli Square
before" they y could ] do f urtherldamage.^,:
J: Deputy -i; Fennell 'y said -1 that ; an Ti ex
press : wagon : ; driven swiftly from '•, ¦ Tay-",
1 or into '• Market * street v collided ' with
the pole of ? his I wagon,, the', Jolt tthrow^
ing Fennell and iThoin_is ) Davis • off :' the
seat - to v the; pavement. Fehriell. kept
a.; tight ¦ grip 'J on^t-ie 1 " lines , and iwhen^ he ;
regained \ his ; f eet '\ he ' seized ) the 'nearer^
horael by^ the: bridle "ai the,; team r ; began
to;bolt ; arid Tdragged^by for
a quarter, of a block before '"¦ he could
sauf ely let go. ¦ ': ?.'¦ ':"_ '.' . I * l .' .-> /', 1 . . "'"J ' '. 'J
:' The } horses '.were . not .hurt, : but ; the
Morgue 'wagon fwas 'sent to^ the r repalr
shop.; : .*'."/ .'¦¦ ¦"/¦ ';'.'".'¦'¦ ', ',•'*.'.¦':¦.'.¦
Deputy Coroner Fenncll and Thomas
Davis Thrown to ' Ground ' and .
Wagon Collides With ;Car.
3IORGUE i HORSES RUN
A3IUCK ON MARKET STREET
The denouement of a fascinating
love story was enacted yesterday ¦ aft
ernoon at Trinfty Church with beauti-J
ful Laura Sanchez Scott and Frederick
Lewin playing the leading roles. The
wedding was a quiet affair, without the
trite embellishments of -attendants,
bridal robes, veils and customary ac
coutrements. In a . brown > traveling
gown, a broad plumed hat, with -an
armful of violets, the attractive south
ern maid plighted her troth.
The ceremony, performed by the
Rev. Mr. Rigby, was attended by a
coterie of close friends and by many
relatives, who offered their ibenisoris
and godspeeds^in the chapel— a recep-'
tion that for spontaneity will 5 prove ; a
pretty memory. Among the guests
were:; 'Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, .! Mrs.'
Alexander D. , Keyes, Mrs. T. : Danf orth
Boardman, Mrs. Azalea 1 , Keyes, C Mrs."
Samuel' Boardman, Mrs. Maye Colburn,
Miss Ednah Robinson, Mrs. | George
Beardsley and ,; av full quota r of 'mem
bers from the Van Wyck,':' the'iThorn
ton and the Robinson ; families. *, The
happy, ! pair, left last -night V. for the
south, where they will . wander at ¦.will,
returning home" in a few weeks. ~ ;
' Britt's work .yesterday consisted .of
his ten-mile . row In .the morning, four
rounds of '^ hard, ." fast boxing ; - in j the
afternoon with Frank Rafael and bouts
with -.the"- punching bag and medicine
balL.-';\/'-; ; :
Among the visitors to the little fight
er's camp were .Frank Stephens, a Los
Angeles sporting -man who Is casting
about to decide how to place his money
on '. the 'coming r go. :He ' scanned Jimmy
critically, 1 but .{expressed "no opinion as
to what, he; thought the outcome of the
next 'bigf battle* would 'be. .
'¦ : Joe 'Gans '" spent • a quiet ; day ' at his
training camp at. Billy Shannon's '.Villa
yesterday. ". Now-'; that . the problem ;of
making ). 133 p-ounds, ' ringside,' has ap
parently ! ; been settled, Joe will take
things easily for 'a: few 'days at •- least-
He arose early ; yesterday, and took his
usual walk of : fourteen miles, followed
by? a' brisk rub-down., .
i- ,'A' few, minutes .was' spent in the gym-*
nasium in the ' afternoon,: just to limber
up; : .-¦ - .;-..'/.—-; .-,:;¦. , •;
'?: Joe • seems » to be in .the . pink ot ; con
dition"^ and ' wishes the", fight was to take
place at a nearer date. ..
There will be no noticeable color line
when Jimmy Britt and Joe Gans meet
on the last night of this month, if the
tanning progress that Britt has hit
upon In his training develops the hue he
expects it will. The elements that Britt
Is depending upon to make him look
like an Irish Ethiop are salt water and
salt breezes' applied to his physique In
unlimited quantities . while the subject
sits in a row boat attired In swimming
tights. .___
, Jimmy took ¦ his first color treatment
yesterday morning . under the direction
of Professor Krellng when he pulled
ten . miles , in a skiff. He , set from hla
training quarters at Croll's Gardens
and . rowed for five , miles along the
south 'side of Alameda, returning over
the same ! route. When' Britt disem
barked'he was several shade's browner
than when he the voyage. He
believes it is only a matter of a few
more-- voyages when he can show an
epidermis that will match the Gans'
hue i and then there will be no color
line.
"I am taking the nature man's treat
ment," said Jimmy yesterday, "and I
am - inclined to : accept .the theory that
the .exposure of the body, to the winds
of heaven and the waves" of the bay Is
healthful and toughening. I do not
aspire to be tough In the generally ac
cepted meaning of the word, but I do
think . a % tough skin is a good armor
against stiff punches. Hereafter I will
alternate my rbadwork every other day
with rowing. "Work on the road has a
tendency ; to lower my weight and that
Is something I am. not yet ready to
do." . * ;
Salt Water and Sea Breezes
Are Transforming Boxer's
Complexion to Dusky Hue
LEWIN-SCOTT
WEDDING TAKES
PLACE QUIETLY
BRITT'S COLOR
FAST CHANGING
A woman has a lot of faith In her
intuition — after a thing has come to
pass. •
The House of Bishops to-day by a
vote of 30 ; : to 28, amended the com
promise; so that the Bishop of dioceses
will not be required to issue a license
for the re-marriage of the innocent
person even should the court evidence
be satisfactory, but .'will . be merely
called upon to declare in writing that
in his Judgment; the case "of the appll-'
cant conforms to the requirements of
the canon.
; The Bishops also amended the clause
referring .to the administrations of
sacraments so that if any .priest is in
doubt as to the regularity of the mar
riage of any, person* he shall .. refer the
case to the \ Bishop. The 'compromise
canon of the deputies obliged clergy
men to administer the secraments to
the "innocent" person "If he is satisfied
he 'or she were really , innocenti
\The House of Bishops to-day concur
red with the deputies in the adoption of
an amendment introduced . by Rev. "W.
As a compromise the Deputies later
by almost unanimous vote amended
the original canon so that the innocent
person could not be re-marrled In the
church within ; one . year after the di
vorce, the \ court records and other
satisfactory evidence to- be laid before
the Bishop to show that the applicant
was really innocent. The. amendment
also exonerated clergymen , from all
censure should they decline to perform
the ceremony.
.BOSTON, Oct. 22.— At the close" of the
flfteentH day of the Episcopal General
Convention- the House of Bishops aixd
House of Deputies were still at vari
ance on the question of marriage iand
divorce. The issue will be taken be
fore the latter, body next week for the
third time the convention, the
Bishops ¦ having declined . ¦ to accept
without amendment the ¦ compromise
measure adopted by the Deputies on
Thursday.
;,;i The amendment to t the divorce canon
originally • a&reed upon -; by the . Bishops
forbade ; the ] re-marriage .of any di
vorced person, the Deputies declininET
to alter ; the old canon, whlch^permitted
the re-marrlage of the innocent per
son in a divorce for infidelity af any
time. . -..
IssueeWill Be Thraushed Out
\yy House of Deputies'This
¦Week^fbrithe Tliird Time
COMPROMISE DECLINED
Episcopal ¦ Convention Ends
Solving Divorce Problem
QUESTION STILL
UP IN THE AIR
THE SAN -FRANGISGO^GALIJ^SUNPAY,,: OCTOBER 23, VdOL
38
. \ . , . ; ;.; vO . . APVERTT~P~ ~~VTS. ¦ ¦...-... -
¦ V . . - -
\Z^^^ October 24
Special Sale of
SII4 SKIRTS
Commencing to-morrow we will place on sale a large
.shipment of, BLACK, COLORED and PLAID SILK
'A^^c^y^dxase.fromja New York manufac-
turer, and willbe sold at extremely low prices.
Black Taffeta SUfc Skirts
'\- 35 dozen -Black Silk Skirts— made of an extra heavy quality of
Taffeta, with a deep accordeon-pleated flounce, trimmed with two
'rows of niching, full size. , Drino Q^_ flH FaPh
Regular value $7.50. ' KrlCe CaCIl
-• 15 dozen Black Silk Petticoats, made of a supenor quality of
taffeta, with accordeon-pleated flounce, qa flfl F^Ph
v -.-.; Worth, $6^0. -¦•. ¦ .-¦-^- UU t-qbll
Moreen Skirts I Dressing Sacques
25 dozen " .Black , ~ Moreen A splendid assortment of new
Skirts, made with Spanish flounce Challie, French Flannel 1 and
: dust ruffle, "and strapped- sateen Nun's Veiling Dressing Sacques,
bands-^ '•"-. in pinks, blues, lavender and
• ci nn farix f ancv c°i- rin ss—
_, . . . e Prices from $2.50
Regular value $1.50. tO $10 Each
Golf Vests Eiderdown
.We are showing, a- new and . D/tltnC
; complete ..line'^ of- Ladies' Golf ' IVUl/CD
T Vests and Sweaters, with or A complete stock of the la-
\ without sleeves; also Norf oiks; test styles in Eiderdown
• can be worn "with -or - without Robes, made of an extra quality
; coats.* All sizes .and newest ripple eiderdown, in pink, blue,
colorings^ .., ..,,./ red, gray and fancy colorings.
Prices $1 to $6 Each. ftrices $3 to $11 Each.
MUSLIN UNDER.WEAR
During the last week we have received large shipments of fine
musljn underwear, - comprising Gowns, -Skirts, Chemises, Corset
Covers and Drawers, made of muslin, cambric and nainsook, trim-
med in the very, latest style, with embroideries and laces. We* have
marked these* goods at very reasonable prices.
NOTE^MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
GOWNS _^'V^ * . CORSETS
35 dozen #_O_^VC_A AJ§ fy?i J W* carry a
Muslin NiKht %rjM Vjl/TW +S* _» f «" >l«e of
Gowns, made __.¦¦?_»• " -_f _^ flfi .mm W. B., R. A
of a good ~fc_*^ . J\/f^>> l/l/^(tJL. " ' °- p - D - J
quality cotton - __ -^//_*V£!_V/X«l B - * n d
in V Bhape. ___!fBP^^ ¦* /^#y^* <^__-^ r ifRt Thompson's
round and _¦»—^ a mm Glove - flt-
hlRh neck. . _xfi~ ? 0RA7__ «__/ ffS W EsZC tln^ Corsets
trimmed with x^" ,aa> *b . *b&~4l t/""~% 'n all tae nevr
fine embrold. "»' c -rtS_J^*— _Z_ _^_^ _f mod «l s - Price*
ery.ilioj j;*,;,'.v,f f ,.i from
»S a iS^i^Pto 121 Post Street ' srio^
CLOSING DAYS
JL '-^ REMOVAL SALE
IHirniturc Draperies and Wzdl Papers
j x mar-iflcnt pr^.-- ' Lace Cvrtatns A . be . utlful „ tbey w
¦ tatloa cf ail the stand' An exhauttlTt variety, low In price. The dls-
_w» _?*»_-_? .k 1—^ t lncludlnc t-mrtrr finest play Involves the various
. axa style* at the lowest fabrics In: the' most 'foreign. -..'and domestic
CARPETS
We are unquestionably showing the most comprehensive
and allunnK display, of carpets in this. city. The newest
weaves and patterns are shown inabundant array. At our
prices theyare one of the most tempting features of our
Removal Sale. -.-. . "-.¦¦\ ' ¦.
AXMINSTERS— $2.09 Removal Sale Erice. . ; . . ...... .... .91.25
Si.SO ; Removal Sale Price. . : ;. .... . . . . . . .Sl'.OO
BODY BRUSSELS— Si.so Removal, Sale Price. ... ... . '81.25
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS— 85c Removal Sale Price.. ....... «J5c
Inlaid Linoleums Oriental Rugs T
A most invitiap and complete ar- Complete . ¦ embracing-; the'
ray. Plain. -ornamental 'and conven- Sf* 1 >>e * utlru1 '' Anatolians, tKazaks,' ¦
tional design* *-«d figures. The as- • Ehlrrans, \ Sennaa, • : Ferragahns, ¦¦
sortment Is very complete. Kuraistan*. . - PersJans. Antique '.'
$1.75 KenMn-al, Bale Price. fl.GO Iran., Beloochlotans,' in all -sises.
51.65 Removal Sale • Price. $1 .35 ' Reduced from our regular ¦ sites. \
j:.5O Removal Sale Price,. fl_25 I ' 30 : Per ' Cent ; . 1" ' *
O — : — '_ ' ",'"- * .. " "' ?-; ,O '¦- — "';/-- -" '¦' : ' !t/ 'o'
Deliveries are planned to your convenience— sent at once or-
' 'during the holidays. ; . .
649>65<JL MAkKFT^T ,^-- a -- v
Sdk and Velvet,
_^l\18*t __f_11^_y \¥¥_fc
We have offered silk and velvet $S9_W,
suits at a price before, but it has never J»>e»<
before been our privilege to place be-
fore you a proposition equal to this one. _^^W~
Since the early fall selling has been so $Ml4^n\
brisk.' in these suits several lines UVaf J.|\V-
( have» been reduced to; odds and ends. • ?J^^!^H-»^\
These we offer, beginning to-morrow, at
a price almost beyond reason. It is npt ¦ >fif \\\lf§P ! sfy
possible ; to - give separate .descriptions .\-Sjft ») wWi
here— there are hardly any two alike. ||1 • J f ' -r
"Vye will offer in silk both the shirt Im\ \ f| «'
waist and , jacket suits, while in the_ vel- 'Im I if
vet the shirt waist . suits only. The trim- - ; ; I \i |'f/ : "
rriing ideas are superb. Some . of ; these .v^'/^WfiOT I Ujj/ . ¦•
suits sold as ; high as $22.56 ; "• none 0^^ r: mm¥l W fc\
than $15.00. The sale price 4 _* -, _ *$$ V\ \t \
;. : Sale of ' The Newest
White Petticoats \/ fi i ffftf
Cl tZf\ Regular" - V CIV,© L*
¦^^jSgEar '"^S CO Off Resalar
i_^ &M ' V*^**'^' Value $5.
' _^^™_! «Q8_$a1N& buttons, stitching, tucks,'
' Dkinty: White Petticoats-^ I The maker of the- good^ com-
two- lines •frorn-;a;promihent' Umands.arnammothtrade.be-
maker, which weJcanT-, offer £ r cause.: of the ..workmanship.;
* at: a- handsome j saying-. One and care -he puts' into them,
•line^is I trimmed^, with lacie' A We know the "/.waists. We'"
; and^^5^?f XJ th ; ambroid- : know ; you \ will: -like, them >
ery. Worddescnptions'seem; _; 1 i' f ¦•-- tt .
clumsy and: inadequate; See them: Here's [
AtHemV: that's 'i the^ . ohljr wayV^ ; : your chance to get ;acquaiht-
RegulafS-V a llii e i|| - , r - W ed. 'For this weekA |% "#% ¦¦
$2.50. Sale : price V I R M $5 values are slatec* J Ok
_. -% *o#»£#:GfiA»rte.>A*x>fi£A#ysr V_^ ,
ADVEKTIiSlj-MENTS.
baldheaded
ro\^
Baldheaded metT-havc^iv'^
long been a"standing, ; ;
joke in every theater-
going community, but • ¦'•.-
nevertheless. the; loss '~6f ;':. .*'
the hair, and the'; unsightly >
which r it • imposes
'upon the^ unfortunates who '
compose^the baldheaded "
row is s often' a source of
keen \ mortification. ;,'.'" ..-
.The baldheaded [ row, -;
however,'. will- speedily - ¦'' '-'\ y ,
become ;,¦ practically 5 a ..thing j.
of the 'past/- because the ;.'-¦
more 'Coke, Dandruff Cure is ¦ j J
used'the'more -it proves . v - ' -
itself: capable of 'positively
growing. 'hair! "on- bald heads, ; \
a: claim .which was* not- ¦
originally : Vnade" by "the ; ;.
inventor.i The formuja,^as [,[
originally- evolved," was^i
intended only to eradicate
and cure conditions of
dandruff and. diseases of
the scalp, but to the I •
surprise and delight of j^^^^
constant users, it quickly '
demonstrateduts ability t to
restore* the j hair follicles' (6 ,
their Vbuthful vigor Jahid^ • /
thereby .produce; a Jglossy ;
and. luxuriant "growth 'of ; '
hain ¦:'..'..:'¦•¦ -- : : .,-¦, : ¦ i . *> '¦.
Thousands -of 'people' •
in every rank' and iwalk "of V - t
life have, sent, us grateful ; ¦'¦''- '
testimonials ''wilkattest the . '
truth of; this. ;You',don't- . " .
have to-take our.word or
theirs. fo., it. Mf. troubled,
with dandruff, 5 fallirigt hair
ortany scalp disease, try» \
it for .yourself. ,We /are S.O^
quite willing to abide. by. • '
the result. Your, druggist .':.-'
will tell you the same ..
story. Ask 'Kim. ; '¦
GoKe Dandruff r
_Cure ;
Ask your druggist. 1 !^^!
ADViiiigrT?~~»fTTXTrg-
I World's «v • I
Record |*f*l^_0i€ U
BrcaRingi A JLV^CO J
Dinner Sets |
China I
Crockery h
Glassware U
Z Ornaments |
Prices never so cheap I
Need the room |
for I
New Holiday Goods |
Come early y
just to looK. I
I Great American Imparting Tea Co. |
Money Saving Store. _j
1861 Market 213 Sutter 2732 24th M
140 Sixth 210 Grant av« 1419 Polk H
475 Haleht 1S19 DevUadero 70S I__rk_- ¦
32S5 MlMioo 3006 Sixteenth 14. Ninth B
ZOOS Flll_or« D21 Montr V «v» 365 Hayes H
366 Third - 2916 Million 62 Market M
:;469 Fourth .^ 206 Third g
Face Is
My Fortune"
Said the pretty maid tn the old EnglUh ballad.
She had the proper appreciation of ¦ the valu»
of a fair , face In the matrimonial market.
Bright, clear and healthy, eyes make* or mar
many a face; tho other features may b« ever
so comely. A pair of weak. red. isfiUEaed or
twitching eyes will spoil all beauty.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S
jEYE^WATER
the Greatest Eye Remedy
fe in the World
Makes weak eyes stronr. red, sore, painful dis-
charging or diseased.' eyes well. Rests tired
eyes. ¦ Perfectly harmless. For Infants or
adults.
Price 50c By mall 62c. If your druir_1-t
doesn't ke«p It order direct from Oeorge May-
erle. 1071 Market street. San Francisco. Geors*
Mayerle's antiseptic eyeglass cleaners. 2 for 23c
A .WONDERFUL REMEDY.
SISTER MARY BAPTIST, Sister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, writes: "My eyes have much
Improved by the use of Georg« Mayerle's Ger-
man Eye Water, and I heartily Indorse It."
USED O?rt.Y ONE BOTTLE.
"I . have used a . bottle of Georxe Mayerle's
German Eye Water, and It has helped m* won-
derfully/' — Charles Morgan. -Rocklln. C_l.
.' CURED HER EYES.
Mr. Georre Mayerle— Dear Sir: ."Your Ey«
.Water has entirely cured my eyes after years
of suffering." Yours respectfully.
; - ' MRS." IDA LABANEKT.
P»radlse Valley. Humboldt County. Nevada.
$200-00 REWARD!
Per the arrest ' and ooavlctloa - of any
. party or _ parties ' obtain tar ¦ money by
falsely ¦"-¦ repr eseatlnsr -t-tsmselrcs * / aa
OXSOSQS MAYEHT.r, the OenxU-a . Sx- '
pert Optician, or aa Ids «eat , .
. ADVEKTISF.i\fKNTS. : ¦ . ': J ' ; ' ¦ ¦"'•¦vv7V-.i^-v : "
ft— •»•• *mmm%VO9~999999*m9V**m&m*999%999mG99 »•*••••*••••••••••••• *
O V-~-i--B--a--B-.-_M>--H-a-i-M-l__^__M-B__K-M-M-i__a__^_a>_._._B___^_B__B_> ___ aaMa ___ a ___ Maal |^^_ BB^ H M_i-M-^--.-B-»---Bl 9
gl . . . . ; .-. :...;..;..,-" ,,,.'...' - : '.,,, Ml
O Bens out, of the high ¦ W : ¥' f^Sl J^<% ip^_f^ CweVe enabled to save ; ¦'•• ?)i
• rent* district*, qj* it m$ • \_^AA^AvCft H_^C^« VOQ per cent*. ®
ft • ' ¦ ¦ • ¦ - - ' ¦ - ' ¦ C
0 i — ¦ .... .. : ; : — •,. . . . —^-— — ; -77. '; «
% <tj£ -• Such a multitude of thrifty buj'ers as crowded every floor of G
O ' _^^_i fi^^^^¥^^ our beautiful new building all day Saturday snapping up the ®
a W^l! _S^_^^^"' peerless values obtainable within every department of our
9 fef^^^'S^J- vast Emporium filled us with delight. The large force of •
0 b^^^_P^^'^ clerks at our -wrapping counters couldn't wrap up the goods •
0 * l^'liiN'%'^3 ast enou _r n to suit us — but our good-natured patrons ©
® y^l^sii^^ seemed content to await their turn, knowing full well that j|
5 V-^^H^I^ our ex P e " ence<^ an(^ energetic employes were doing their ©
6 fe^_l.^_^i ' eve^ est t0 serve. them in as prompt and careful a manner 9
• P?lMl THIS WEEK we shall press intq active service extra |
S 1^^^^ salesmen, wrappers and delivery wagons, so that all visitors C
o will experience no delay in being served with politeness 5
• HERE' ARE A- FEW OF THE MANY MEN'S SUIT g
O Sam' VALUES that caused the great stampede of wise buyers ®
o M&£' at e "^^ Store" last Saturday, and will surely prove to be ©
0 ts^' jja'great' drawing card here this week. . : J
J Men's Regular Men's Regular Men's Regular »
1 $12.50 Suits aL$ 10 $15 Suits at $12.50 l $18 Suits at, $15 S
MEN'S. ALL-WOOL R/J EN'S BUSINESS SUITS ISif EN'S FINER SUITS— 9
SUITS— Made of fash- Iwl —Made of f ancv Worst- Iwl Made of Scotch Cheviots. |
• i?nal)le and most durable fab- eds, Serges. Cassimeres and ; plain an d fancy Worsteds and %
9 ncs in neat Cheviots and Cas- Homespuns, in double and tm,i, + . j;i:_._,« 1, _.- _,- «. S
• simeres.; such good fitting; well- single breasted models: in style, Thibets— stripes, checks, neat , 9
• trimmed garments vou'll pay ' fabric and workmanship, these gray effects and swell over plaid 9
5 other shops fully $12.50 for; suits equal those sold by most Tweeds, representing all the 9
_ our price, a marvel and stum- dealers for $15 — our price a new smart weaves and colorings •
n bling block to all petty follow- great "eye-opener" to 'frugal — garments that'll cost you ®
£ ers and imitators, to-wit — buyers — $18.00 elsewhere, now on saleat ; 5
S $ 1 0.00 $ 1 2.50 $ 1 5.00 S
• f : — — : : — _ Z — : — : 9
A" ur e . nt *r e secon d floor is devoted to the sale of Boys' Clothes, Hats 9
Vy Qrfl and Furnishings and is heavily stocked with a great assortment of Boys'. ©
P ., Youths' and Juvenile Clothing — all bright, fresh, brand new and, direct ?
to|^ rim __n._n_ A jt. r . om *^ e best makers in America. IT WILL surely amply repay yDu to
frtF Gl\_^ 1 tn ' s niost important department of. our store before throwing away •»
* *»* your dollars on OLD STYLES elsewhere— or paying EXORBITANT |
• ____=______~~~~~E PRICES for similar good qualities down in the HIGH RENT DISTRICT. 9
2 i ¦ ¦ -¦ - / •¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ -. — ••¦•¦ ¦- ¦•¦ i' 9
I 1 n miuwwwii iihit nn ; n i vri____BB___a_i •
S "GET TO KNOW US" . |
* 1028 and 1030 Market St. Between Powell and Mason Streets t
I •* 9REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE FOR CONGRESS Jn THE FIFTH DISTRICT WHOSE
VIGOROUS AND VOTE-WINNING CAMPAIGN HAS THROAT? HIS OPPO
NENTS INTO DESPAIR AND U5FT THEM NO POINT OF ATTACK. - .
The fight for the possession of Lila
Soferisoh. ~14 'years old, ; between/ her
father, ; V Joh i{, Sprehson' of -l-AlamedaV
an"d/hef , stepfa^bjer7vRichard(S6renson
sifi i Bluxo^e'^tmi^nJs r c.Jty, t >vrM
: transferred Cfrtim^Judga Coff ey f s c^urt
to Judge Cook's court yesterday, f when
an application '*' for ' a writ of habeas
corpus made by' the father came up
for argument. The, Judge did- not
hold; court, but; a stipulation ;was filed
with' the clerk that the girl would' be
delivered into the" custody of the
father on. the. application being with
drawn. This will be done to-morrow.
' The girl has been living with/her
stepfather for several years and .he
had refused to .deliver her to ; her
father or even -to allow the father to
hold any communication with her.
The stepfather recently applied/ for
and I obtained letters of guardianship
from Judge Coffey and the father re
so'rtea to ¦ habeas -corpus. When' the
application for' the writ is dismissed
to-morrow the fight will revert back
to Judge Coff ey's court.
Application for Writ of Habeas Cor
pus in Lila Sorenson Case AVill
Be Withdrawn.
FATHER AND STEPFATHER.
WANT CUSTODY OF GIRL
Fire broke 'out shortly, before ' mid
night last night in the engine-room
,of the People's laundry,, 1427 Turk
•street, between Webster and Fillmbre,
'arid before' the department ; had .the
blaze under ¦ control ; the entire laun
dry, with a. barn cohtalning "thirty
horses, .was, burrted.' Several houses
were also destroyed by the .flames.
The cause of . the fire is unknown.; The
property Ibelongs to/ Rudolph Spreck-_
/els. * The loss cannot be estimated. : X: ';¦
/The laundry/building -was/ a large
wooden/structure and^when the blaze
started the. place burned' like; tinder/
The sparks were carried by/ the wind
and it was not long before houses in
the • neighborhood werq.;al)laze., Four
residences/ on Eddy street, . .between
Webster : and Fillmore. were badly
gutted, five on Webster .street, near
Eddy, were also demolished' and .two.
on asmall/alleyway oft Eddy, between
Webster and Fillmore. met- with .a
similar ;fate.
¦The fire was discovered a few.min
utes after' it broke out by Ray Mc-
Nally, an employe of the laundry. He
quickly turned in an alarm and the
fire laddies* we-re on the scene . In . a
short time.' They ; fought . the -, / blaze
stubbornly for half ari hour, and finally
managed: to 'get it. under; control, but
not before the roofs of various . houses
in the neighborhood were ignited by
sparks. ' '
The fire created great excitement in
the neighborhood. A/ few/ moments
after, the blaze started the streets were
crowded with frantic people anxious
to run back to/their residences, but
Who feare.d to risk their lives.
Among those who were burned' out
are: Mrs. Mary Banks, Eddy street,
near Fillmore; Mrs.*: Annie L. Johnson.
Webster, near Golden Gate / avenue;
E. T. McMillan. 1407-Eddy street, and
Robert Hill, 1405 Eddy street.
FIRE BURNS
HOUSES AND
A LAUNDRY
;•, Oar > Eastern selection ¦ of frames and
moldings . for fall • trade, now - lnj better
and , more « beautiful ; than » «ver ; before
Sanborn. ;.VaU " & 1 Co.^SgOgME- *
Picture Frames.
Plibnei; South -893
For t prompt I service :-*in . ; : groceries .; "and
'wines; MRatbjen Company, 1 139; Mason at.*
1 , SAN/ JOSE, Oct. 22.-^The biggest ; po
litical meeting ever held, in' Santa*; Clara
'welcomed E. A/ Hayes, the* Republican
Congressional ; nominee of / theWFiftli
Dlstrict,/and f other;^^ nominees thia^Jeven
ing. r- Bonfires/ lighted , up ' the. principal
streets of- the mission town', ¦ arid I the
Santa Clara ' Ablarc; With Light* in
Honor of, Nominee.
HAYES GIVEXi OVATION.
v • In ? a/ clean^,? snappy ; football ; , , gafne
the ,. Oregon v University * eleven met \ de
feat^ plucklly ; yesterday ,'ori the/ Berke
ley '/\: wirnpu s.; ¦/' The V. husky. Call f of f -'
nians plunged- through • and over/their
light I line"? almost* at j will;.^ scoririg"'?a
touchdown ; iri^each] half./: Sterrij kicked
bothfgbals^making]itjl2;to*^ o. / ' -p.; "//;
l-t Those j line ,sbucks\'were 'Wonderful ¦ to
behold:; Mead.' / ; White;; Graves^ and
Lasater./respecially/fthe'v latter,! hurled
Runs Up Twelve : Points % to /Nothing
' : ' - :\ for i the .Visitors/
BERIvEIiEY DEFEATS OREGON.
Francisco, where 1 he met the conduct
ors, gripmen, mechanics .and officials
connected with the company. Among
those at which* he called were the Sac
ramento-street car house, the/ Sutro
line car house, Geary-street,- Park and
Ocean Railroad car house. ] McAllister
street car house, ' Hay*es-strie,t - car
house and^Haight-street . car house.
At all . he was "cordially;; received and
among those* he "met were friends) he
had - materially assisted J in /the ¦,;
A club, to; further] the/candidacy /of
Mr: Hayes was' organized at Silk's Hall
in the Thirtyr third /Assembly/ District
last evening. The following/nanied
officers '.were elected :-
President, - v * Gustav- . Schnee; , vice
presldentB, ? E.«. Callaghan,; James iMc-.
Tigue and , W. " Haffe; . secretary, J. J.
Callaghan;*; treasurer/, E.^GullIxson.
- A campaign committee, composed of
one from each /precincts in I the dis
trict, was appointed, as follows: '
: . ; The ; following:. name^ were'appolnt
ed to act as the district; executive corii
mittee:
: : >- Gustav Schnee, L. A. .Taylor, Peter
Merijou,; J. J. Callaghan and William
O'Connor/' ' P- ./' '¦¦-' J . ;
D. Callaghan, • J. j| ; Callaghan, G/
W. C. Kittler, C. An^rsori; J. ; Ryan,'
James Sheldon, 11 L. , A: ', ffayrdr, William
O'Connor. , Peter; Menjiju, ' John ; Hogin,
,W. ; A'.T Merrill, Dr. E. >N. Tarrelo arid
John Bldwell. • '¦-;'-. -M / ;
'•The semi-flnal football games for the
'Academic: League 'championship'' played
on ; the ; Ptesidlo .grounds : yester
day both one-sided./ In : the morh
lrig .Oakland High; School.; beat '< Santa
Rosa^Hlgh . School ; 23-0.;. The : afternoon
game ; was} even ".more ; one-sided; : Lick
beating \ Palo Alto"? High t School , by -tla
score of 3S-5. . fB8j|i
¦The; game," between Lick ¦ and Palo
Alto,' although not,close/was,interest
ing. It iWas "-the snappiest; football -seen
this season. Referee "Pete*' ; Smith- kept
both^teams.-^fking^allvtheUlme". ; LJek
played \ football /yesterday/ that :' would
have! done, credit - to ; a varsity ' eleven.
i The : Lick eleven ¦¦ played ¦ like : a ma
chine' arid Levefy man i on ' it was ] a star.
Moulllri,*: Lick's sturdy^ guard, 'got out in
the : interference /and took * Semiriario
around'-;. the -end.;for va/good .'gain ' on
numerous * occasions/: , In the * first { half
Lick worked fa'play that- is' seldom seen.
Palo -Alto; kicked Toff and Snell returned
the .' TcIck.'*^Hotchklss; * Lick's ; "ceriter;
caught VthVibaU \ arid t with V good I Inter-
Lick's Bunt of. Speed.
: OAKpALE,'{Oct.^22.^-A rousing re
ception was iteridere'drj.'C.'] Needhany
Congressmanjfrom' the" Sixth; Congres
sibnal.* District^by f . the* cltlzena i of \ Oak
dale>arid?fthV •surrounfling AaauntryC
Barkis tOpefafhouse^^y^Ycrowded-to
the^doori: 7 Huge ; bonfires i;were J ablaze
at V the";*priricipal -'street I'crossings. ; A
'military }l. band % furnished 'f music j arid
enthusiasm/ ran v^ high. ' A. S. " Emery
was .the^residerit ; evening.'? Gon,
gressman|Needhain made' a" brilliant
addres*s, : . holding , his au dience for. inore
than an ;hour v ?iHe-;spoke.;bn. theVis"
sues"of the r day/- .j He^was 'frequently
interrupted » by... prolonged- ?^applause,'
particularly ; v ; mentioned' • the
namek' of v ;President j Roosevelt. : {The
meeting : '• adjourned^ •¦with 1 , 'rousing
cheers) for '¦- the 7 Republican i ticket arid
Needham. \.V.- ';¦¦ ; ; :*J..:, ' ;'.-.-'V
; &The^enerar^feeHng;:in*'thisv ; corii
munityj is that ;.wiH". poll a
larger/vote^ than *bef ore. 'S ; • '. ' .; :
Rousing Reception Is ' t Given \ the Con-
gressman 1 by Voters. 7 ' :^; '.;;
NEEDHAM AT' OAKDALE.
plain statements of the senior United
States Senator.. frijm California, veri
fied by the -Congressional Record,
show beyond all shadow of doubt that
the credit belongs to, the Republican
Congress as a- body 'and to Senator
Perkins, as an .individual. After 'Bell
failed Perkins "succeeded. The record
is there and cannot be obliterated.
Senator Perkins was willing that ' Beli
should participate in the credit be
longing to the entire California dele
gation, but, no. the Democratic Con
gressman of the Second wanted to hog
it all. The) old adage ; is again veri
fied: The biggest hog' is ," first butch
ered.' The Call Is rl|jht The only
thing Bell achieved in 'Congress was
the abolition: of the canteen at the
Soldiers' Home."
. J.. C. Needham's fourth campaign
for Congressional ; honor j is attracting
favorable comment. It- is predicted
that his majority this time will be
larger than it was twe jyears ago.'; At
Republican* headquarters there is com
plete confldence'of his.s.success, v yet ¦ ho
effort will . be spared id his behalf.
- Henry W. Lynch, Republican candi
date for State ;> Senafor. Thirty-first
District, was at partSr headquarters
yesterday. His district, embracing
the counties of- Montjirey, San Luis
Obispo arid ; San Benilo, is * normally
Democratic,; but the Republican nom
inee is'; confident thatjhV wiir" wiri 'out
on y November" 8.*,. 'Surveyor -General
Victor H. Woods arid Senator Thomas
Flint are: giving theirj best 'efforts to
achieve ' Republican vie tory in the dis
trict.. ' . "V ... F^f/f
Santa Clara band gave a concert on the
streets preceding "the meeting. The
Hayes Congressional 1 Club escorted
Hayes and party from San Jose.v'The
meeting was held in; Franks Hall,, and
so'blg was the 'crowd that many were
unable to < secure seats. Dr. A. E.
Osborne ; vyas < chairman of the meeting.
;;'E.- A. Hayes received an ovation when
he' arose to speak; After' reviewing the
successes of : the Republican party, he
showed that it had always stood for, the
protection of American laborer. arid
manufacturer and ¦ illustrated ithe prin
ciples of the protective policy with con
crete'examples. ; ; ! . . ¦ . ' /,
, He said he wished to see the Ameri
can mechanics arid "artisans in, aVposi
tion to -: bring up their families arid
educate their children -under the; con
ditions that '„ 'surround the children • of
the : rich?. ¦ Protection," he said, - was , ne
cessary to accomplish this. ' Hayes
promised,^ if elected,- and he said "he
believed he" would" be,' to uphold the
principles of ; the] j Republican t party
that have kept, thef country prosperous. 1
;•.,; Major , C. W.1 Kyle {of ; San Francisco
followed 'i in I'an J address ': on the * Issues
in :. the/national '- campaign.^ Eli Wright, 1
nominee ~'± t or*. Sena tori In ; the Twenty
seventh District; iWardrM.'Jafvin, can
didate for 'Assembly;, in : the Fifty-sixth
district, arid : Arthur.M.-,. "Free also
spoke. .; : *-\' i '' :'/¦"' : '•-;-
At Republican headquarters' there is
not the slightest doubt of McKinlay's
election. It Is now a question of ma
jority. At committee headquartfirs yes
terday It was remarked:
. "The Democrats are utterly demor
alized by the publication of the truth
concerning the legislation for tfie con
struction of the colliers. Many" .' of
them believed that "Bell was entitled
to credit for the achievement, but the
The election will, take place two
weeks from next Tuesday. K Present
indications are that California will
give 50,000 majority for Roosevelt and
Fairbanks and elect a solid Republi
can delegation to represent the "State
in Congress.
In* the First District the able and
popular J. N. Gillettwill surely.be re
-elected by an increased majority. He
is conducting a splendid campaign,
winning strength in every county of
Jhe vast district. Yesterday Judge
Melvin of Oakland left San Francisco
to Join Senator Thomas Selvage in a
speaking tour of Humboldt County.
The verdict will surely come from the
north that Melvin once heard must
be heard again.
Governor Pardee is scheduled to
make several speeches^ in the Second
District. All Sonoma- County and many
people from' adjoining , counties . will
be in Santa; Rosa Monday nlgh't, No
vember 7. when Duncan E. McKinlay,
and* Governor ; Pardee will ; speak to
the multitude. The demonstration
promises to be the leading event of
the ; campaign.
Prediction is Made. That This Re
sult Will Be Achieved^
In the. first half after Yale had failed
to gain. Hill, breaking: through the
Yale line, blocked a punt on the vis
itors' 25-yard line and with the whole
Yale team at his heels ran to the goal
posts and across the line for West
Point's first score. The goal was kick
ed by Graves. -Yale* soon evened mat
ters, however, by plunging through the
cadets' line almost at will,' carrying
the ball 45 yards to a touchdown. Shev
11 n kicked a goal.
CAMBRIDGE. 'Mass.. Oct. 22— Two
brilliant end runs by Captain Hurley
and another by Nichols,, backed by
a sturdy • defense at nearly . all times,
enabled Harvard to defeat the Carlisle
Indians In the Stadium to-day * by * a
score. of 12 to 0.'
i ITHACAj ; N. . Y., : Oct. 22.— Cornell de
feated Franklin * and Marshall to-day
by a score of 36 to 5. Cornell was
heavier -than the visitors, but lost the
ball frequently on fumbles. : . :
> Ames," Iowa— Ames, 87; Simpson. 0.
Iowa, City, Iowa— Iowa University, 12;
Iowa -State Normal, 0. Wbrcester,
Mass.— Dartmouth. ,18;, Holy Cross, A.
TitHri. Ohio-— Dennlson College, 5;
Heidelberg," 07, • Seattle— -University of
Washington, 4, Utah Agricultural Col
lege, 0. Albany, Or.— Albany College,
28; Chemwa Indians, 0. Columbia,
Mo.— Missouri University, 37; Ken
tucky University, 6. PIttaburg — -Wash
ington and Jefferson.' 0; Pennsylvania'
State College, 12. Oberlin. Ohio—Ob^
erlin; 6; Kenyon, 0. . Annapolis, Md.—
Navy,* 0 ; Dickinson, 0. Providence—
Amherst, 5; Brown, 0. •Milwaukee-—
Lawrence University, 12; Marquette'
College, ... 0. . ; Columbus, Ohio— Notre !
Dame, 11; Ohio ¦ Medical University,;
or Belolt, .- Wis.-^-Beloit College. 2 1 ;
Naperville College, 0. Princeton-^-.
Princeton, 60; Lehlgh,- 0. Lincoln—.
Nebraska; 34; Knox, 0. Lafayette,
Ind.^— Illinois, 24; Purdue, 6. Madison.
•W'l s .^_-WIs"conain, 31 ; . Drake, 0. Min
neapolis——Minnesota, 148; Grlnnell. 0.'
jWashington— Georgetown. 47; Wash-'
irigton "and Lee,, 0. Columbus— Ohio
State'-Unlversity, IS; Case, 6; Ann Ar
bor—Michigan. . 130; Westport, 0. St.
Louis-i-Washingto'n,* 6; Indiana, 21;
Chlcago-T^Chlcaso, 32; Northwest
ern," 0. . . ¦
The soldiers' two touchdowns were
the results of long runs and quick work
In taking advantage of their opponent**
mistakes.
WEST POINT, N. Y., Oct. 22.— West
Point defeated Tale to-day in their
annual football struggle. .11 to 6. It
was : the first time the 'army has ever
won from Yale.
Old Ell's Colors at last Lowered by
the Boys in Blue.
WEST POINT HUMBLES YALE.
Majority of Fifty Thousand
in California for Roosevelt
¦ . w (BrocK3>
Ashby..... U T. R.' Becker
Bilges L. o. r R.......;Davl9
Gardiner.. Oemer...BramhalI (e>
Wisecarver R. G. 1^ Lanlsan
Rathbone R. T. t,....LtTinyston
Smith R. E. I*. Malcolm
Hitchcock (c) Quarter. GhlrardetU <c>
McKenzle Lw H. R. Jacobus
Wilson R. H. L.. Countryman
Touker Fallback Stow
.Umpire and referee — Pratt.
Score : Oakland 23. Santa Rosa 0.
; ."The morning game resulted In an
easy victory for Oakland High School
by a score of 23-0. Theklckera from
Santa ; Rosa' High School were out
classed. is the line-up:
Santa Rosa. Position. Oakland.
Gray L. E. R Spangler
• .'Of fldals— Bert -Oliver, ; referee: K. Hammil
ton,umplre; Karsburg and Powell, linesmen;
time of halves, twenty, minutes. v
r ".There was only one serious casualty.
' Hug, who is center rush for*, the Ore
; gonians, went .out in the first half with
1 a badly bruised hip! Putting In a sub
stitute naturally : weakened the, Ore
gon line, .which' at " its best was none
too stroftg.
": The Berkeley. boys showed they are
not yet as -well up in team work as
they, hope to be.". They fumbled three
times in succession : and once or twice
crossed wires on their signals.
/'.The first half started with an in
terchange of kicks resulting to Berke
ley's advantage. .Oregon had 'the ball
several ; times, but could not make Its
yards . against the ; stone wall line of
California. Finally California got
the pigskin and by a series of straight
plunges advanced it ' to within two
yards of Oregon's goal. Mead took it
aver, , plowing straight through . the
Oregonians. -Force kicked [the goal. *
\ f The second half opened brightly, for
Oregon. . Berkeley kicked. On the
firsts play Lataurette ; made his«sensa
tional run .of fifty yards. * After, that
the Oregon -steam, seemed ,to give out.
They ¦ could r not : land ;,the • oval behind
the\_posts. and". California . kicked~ into
safety., Theri.it was a repetitiori*of the
first half.*. Berkeley smashed the Ore
gon I line 5 steadily/ and .- Boyntori ; soon
crossed or v another ', touchdown - for
the .University of .'California. The
lineup: !
• Calif ornla — Positions. Oregon.
Howard, .: ¦ ' : ¦-'.-.
:u Camlnettl. . :. . . .1*. E. R .Chandler
Heltmuller . .:.'..". U J T. ! . R. .'. .Earl
Gray, * Haffey.V. . L." O.. R: ...... .F.;T«nipleton
Stroud.vr..;. 7 ."T. Center..... :...Htig. McCIaln
Stern .....".:.. r: ." R. • O. • li. : McCIain. Hammond
Force .'~.~l~r~. ~. R. T." L.. Arnpelger
¦ H«mry, : McInnls,; .;•• ; - - ., - ,
' ¦• Cooftan • •"• -'• • . .' R. E. L. . . . . ; . . . . ... . . Moore s
Klttrell. pelknap . Quarter '. . . . .'. . . . ¦ Lataurette
Mead. Oraves.Y.-. R. H. B.L.... .Barber.- Gray
White, Evans.'. . . !*"• H. B. " R. . . . . J. Templeton
Leaater/Boynton.Fullback ;..".. .'.":.'. .. Kerron
There was plenty of punting in the
game. 'Joe Templetbn, . who did the toe
work for Oregon, sent -them too close
to the * line.. -Stern's kicks iwere long,
high ones, the . kind that make dis
tance and give .. the. ends plenty/ of
time to get down on them.
themselves ."over the . opposing line
recklessly,^ seldom failing to make a
• few!" yards.' ; !It'5*made" the spectators
think i of ; the • (!:¦& sjof^j .¦¦Pete**
Kaarshurg.. 'Thc'irensatibnal (pla? ¦ Tof
the. day 'was "made by an Oregon 'man,
little iAtaurette, the quarterback. He
took ; the ' ball ' in the second half, and,
dodging. the eleven bewildered Berke
leyans, made - fifty ' yards. Belknap
downed ' him just . ten yards 'the' wrong
side, of a touchdown."
EXCITING SCRIMMAGE BETWEEN
THE STANFORD AND THE NE
,VADA ELEVENS AT PALO ALTO.
ference ran 50 yards to a touchdown.
Palo Alto scored on a poor kick by
Moullln. He kicked from hia own 8
yard line straight up In the air. A Palo
Alto man caught the ball as It was
bouncing over the line and scored a
touchdown.
Following Is the lineup:
Palo Alto. Position. Uck.
TVathey-Goseit...L. E. R Deacon-Schmltt
Burcnam L. T. R. "Whita
Thorp© L. G. R Keenan
Van Epps Center ..Hotchkiaa (C.) Crow
Oatrander R. O. L Moullln
Arnoti R. T. L. Main
Carson R. B. I* O*Cbnnor-Than»
Fletcher Quarter Golcher-Ghetaldl
Jordan L. H. R...Mtrritt-Hotchkls»
Clark R. H L Seralnarlo and
H«ltmuller
Tomasin!....:... Fullback ....Snell-Uenderson
Referee — Peta Smith. Umplr* — Blahop
Score — Lick SS. Palo Alto 5.
,i . Stanford ...was/ given the kickoff, and
after - the ball ' had / shortly changed
hands on i. a' punt, .the \ Cardinal again
sent (Weller. over, for a touchdown, 5 after
a succession/ of ? sturdy "plunges : which
carried U the pigskin seventy yards.
Sprott f ailed. to' get *the goal. :
';* Stanford ;. had ' an '* attempt :- at a > field
goal the" close, of the game
and /C.; Hart/- weritl for ty-flve/ yards
toward ' a ' touchdown ¦ before I Van
'laid I him " low. ,/ Bansbach ( also ? made , a
sensational 1 run of .'thirty~-flye yards
af ter, J catching a V : punt; - during >;' the
course/of' the ; game.' /."The rest- of the
contest ;¦ was : ; of "spectacular,
work. ¦ ¦. '¦ ';''¦ / .'.}.'¦ ¦¦¦/' y : _:''"S'i ;i
PROTEST LAXAGAN'S COACHING.
- An unfortunate of
the game was -the* loud-mouthed "coach-'
ing? of ) Lanagan i from^ the sidelines in'
.violation .;. of t both u trie; ruies-Cand ; the
ethics of ; football. '^ The - Nevadaris ,were"
justly, incensed "at , this [discourtesy and
protested; against .; It-; loudly.'-/. The llne
'••' Stanford. : ' . Position. '. Nevada,
Clark • Stevens • • -• . L.E.R. Knox.Standerwictc
Sprott r: ;r.~. ...;. . I*T.R. . . ......:.- Freeman
Van '-> Sickle "... . . .'. UO.R..... .'. ... :;.¦;. Smith
, J.*Nlssen.\ ..:".". : .:. Center.-.' Hamlln/ Skinner
! Roosevelt, Monzingro R.G.L. . :: .'. .."....;: Menke
Tomaslnl. : ..". :.'. . . .!R.T.L.. .\ .. . ..I.. C. Hart
Stanford. '.. . .'..'.... . R.E.L.: :'7. ..... . .Weatall
i Bansbach, ¦ Stott.V. .". Quarter. .". .' Jones.- Parker
'• Chalmers.'. .". ... ." . . : R.H. : :T: .. : Klein. . 3.\ Halt
..W.--I>ole ' Trowbrldee I*H. .'. Z'.FrleseH. :Houston
; Weller ..v.v.r. : :rr. ' Full ;-.t. :. r. . . .-. . ~ Steckls
•i Referee^-WIIlIam.Reld.": UmpIre-^-MaJor| Col
lins. Timekeepers— McFadden and ¦ Bartel.
¦ Halves— Twenty-live ' minutes. ,' Score-^-Stanford
17, Nevada 0. . ' ' '•/:=¦;
\ Nevada kicked, off at the beginning
of the' second half and on the first' play
Weller came around left end for t thirty
yards. Dole, Chalmers and =Weller
made : from five to fifteen, yards at a
clip down the gridiron and the big full
back .plunged through; for." the. second
touchdown. '.SprottV kicked 'the goal
again.; '
Near the.close.of the first half Stan
fordran the .ball from her forty-yard
line to ; Nevada's . thirty-yard . line and
then lost if on a fumble.'.. The ¦ visitors
fuinbled in .turn shortly afterward and
the cardinal pushed through for steady,
gains until Chalmers was sent over the
goal line for> a touchdown.' Sprott
kicked the goal. ..r'ii'.,.
SPROTT KICKS BOTH GOALS.
There is some question as to .whether
the football game between Stanford
University and- the University of Ne
vada ¦ or the rooting of i some fair sym
pathizers of 'the sagebrushers.- in the
grandstand afforded the greater enter
tainment yesterday at Palo Alto. There
was plenty, of fun in both. The cardinal
had an " easy thing of it and when the
moon looked over the fence as the; last
half dre w ' to a close , the score was 17
to 0 in»favor,of the home eleven.
Dole /and Sprott. were . back- in , the
game for Stanford. Both men, played
splendidly." The team work of the'ear-"
dinal showed great improvement/which
is J*a worthy, tribute to ' Reid's
excellent : *i coachlp g .'^ as ~£] transferred
i ( thTo'ughHne^outh^6f|"j{mmylanligani''
iThe;Nevadans started. with' a rush^in
the flfst half.': but ~ failed ¦ to" keep ; their
gait.-. '¦ A f ter Stanford i had 'pushed the
ball over for the '. first ; touchdown 'the
rest was accomplished 'without diffi
culty. . Friesell- did "some good; punting
fpr i the visitors' and " in ; this way" pre- ¦
yerited;a larger score. against 1 his .team.
Dole was almost sure of- making a
good gain , every time he went at" the
line. .Weller' also did better than he
has done : before this- season. /. Stanford
worked that favorite outside-of-tackle
play for yards upon yards. • The ; lads
from across the border "were able to
stop the other line plays. Both elevens
fumbled repeatedly, without any rea
sonable excuse. " >.„"• »¦»
i Before leaving he visited the various
heads of departments and also the
railroad ¦ mail ; clerks in the upper' part
of the building. No. . politics, was
mentioned in the. course of 7 the visit.
Yesterday; morning, at an early hour
Mr. Hayes -visited the - different car
houses of the United Railroads of San
POLITICS XOT MENTIONED.
Without formal notice of his inten
tion to meet the clerks of the Post
oflice departments of the city and the
mail carriers, Hayes visited their
headquarters at the ferry yesterday
and met the 600 men employed there.
It is the first time for at least many
years that an aspirant for Congres
sional honors has been able to meet
these employes of the Federal Govern
ment. He shook hands with all of
them an«l was most cordially received.
Whatever the candidates of the Dem
ocratic party, have, promised; the mall
carriers and clerks In regard to an in
crease of wages or . a*-" betterment of
their condition, it is a. fact too well
known to admit of dispute' tha.t Dem
ocratic Congressmen, as, members of a
llcpublican House, will have little or
no power in the next Congress to ob
tain the passage of any measure pro
posed by them. .
It requires one in sympathy with
the administration to do this. Mr.
Hayes has forcibly expressed himself
unon the question of higher wages for
postal employes. He believes that
none of them should receive less than
$100 a month and has pledged himself
for vigorous action to secure this end.
The employes knew of this . on the
occasion of his visit and- also knew
the intense sympathy that he has with
all wageworkers.
VISITS POSTOFFICE.
Prom now on till the close of the,
campaign there district clubs will hold
a series of meetings, so that the work
so well begain will not lose Its inter
est through lack of Initiative on the
part of those whose interests are most
at stake. At the majority of these
meeting Mr. Hayes will be the prin
cipal speaker. His knowledge of tho
conditions that caused the panic of
the Cleveland administrations lends to
each, of his speeches added interest,
and he never fails to hold his audi
ences and win their ' approval. His
viewB on the Chinese question are also
of interest to every workman on the
coast, and, unalterably opposing Chi
r.ese and all Oriental labor as he is.
this fact will be taken Into considera
tion on election day by all those that
believe the work of America should be
done by Americans and at American
wages.
But while Mr. Hayes* opponents are
desperately searching for a vulnerable
poir.t by which his candidacy may be
weakened, he is going ahead with his
campaign. And his friends are as vig
orous in their efforts in' his behalf as
he is in his own. In every Assembly
district included in the Fifth Con
gressional District a Hayes club has
be^n formed. At the headquarters of
each of these clubs some one is in
charge throughout the day giving out
information and reciting facts that
are vote winners.
CAMPAIGN' PROGRESSES.
Last Sunday the Examiner opened
a broadside on Hayes. It was assert
ed that the Pastors' Union of San Jose
•was opposed to the election of the
Republican nominee. Several inter
views were given in which clergymen
were quoted as saying that they were
antagonistic to Hayes. The San Jose
Mercury comes forward with a page
containing positive statements from
the pasiors themselves that they are
favorable to Mr. Hayes* election. Un
der this heading the Mercury replies
to the Examiner's broadside:
"Pastors renudiate the Examiner
and . brand its alleged interviews as
false. Not a gambling game in a sa
loon of San Jose. Attack on city wan
tonly false. Attitude of citizens gross
ly misrepresented in Examiner ar
ticles. Pastors' Union not antagonis
tic to Mi*. Hayes. There is no law
and order league here. Xo gambling
games in San Jose saloons. Citizens
misquoted. Regret that political cap
ital was made out of what had, no
euch bearing. Rev. W. S. Kelly says
that the . Examiner reporter's chief
purpose in interviewing him seemed
to be to obtain some statement from
him against Mr. Hayes or the city ad
ministration."
E. A. Hayes of San Jose Is going to
win back to the Republican column
the Fifth Congressional District * of
California. His campaign Is progress
las: In a tray that has alarmed his
Democratic and Union Labor oppo
nents and thrown despair Into the
camp of his enemies. Representing
us he does the great principles of Re
publicanism, having learned of their
soundness through ¦ personal experi
ence, which he makes known to every
audience he addresses, his position in/
the fight Is one that leaves no point of
attack for his adversaries save by un
fair means and falsehoods.
Ministers of San
Jose Disprove
Charges.
PASTORS FAVOR
HIS CANDIDACY
Adversaries Fail
to Find Point
for an Attack
HAYES Making Winning Campaign and Opponents
Are Driven to Resort to Dishonest Tactics
Pages 39to50
Pages39to50
SAN FRANGISGO,- SUNDAYS-OCTOBER 1 -23, 1904.
Visitors SrowWeak^fter the First Touehcfown
STANFORD 17 NEVADA 0
DEFEAT OF THE SAGEBRUSHERS BY THE IMPROVED CARDINAL TEAMTHE: SAN 1 FRANCISCO:^ CALL, SUNDAY; OCTOBER 23/^1904:
40
JOHN l». tJl'ltliCKIiliS. .^J'rtMj^icJorH
.».4Jr-«r O>minunlcmtio2s 10
JOHN McX AITC1 IV . ....... .Maiiager
\Y. J. M.VltTI.V. . . ; Httslnffs^Managyr j
TELMCISO^E. , j
Ask ir.r Ti»n CALL. 4T-e O;»»r»Uir Will C«n- 1
nect Tcu '\Tlth ihc Dcpa^zr.ert Ycu .^Vl^'o. j
FuUicr.-.tc-i OfC-e Marlrt and TaJrd. ?. F. i
EAitorUl i*3orrs 211 10 221 ' Stevciston ¦ st |
I>el:vt:ed Ly Carriers 2t» C.s."Pfr W«seK 7S |
Cts. Per ilnmi. ?xnsl» Cur' 0 " 6 * Cta.
*<ruf by Xcil. Ii-.c:-j.l:r.r PcsUse «Casa AVitb
CAXLV CALT, i'j!c:ai.tEuaflay>.'l r«ar...5S.C0 I
TAILr C.*).L '.ir.-ii:.!. Suct'nj-), . C mos... <-<»,)
.DAILY CAL1— fey Strglo Moatii '^ j
H'NK'.V CALL. \ Y-^.r -* 0
V.X3ICLY CALL. J Y^r.. ...-• W» j
PT : T ,~_.*, ">, T»:ly. . .J-S.JO ?t Year Extra
i3w5tr.'-i S-r^uuay ¦!.>:. I'or V*ar Xxtra |
¦^ SiA -"- I V.'ctkly. !.C0 Per Tm: Kxtra
/.LL rOFiTXASTRSfJ ACE \VtnbV3XEO TO
j'.r.'l-fclTli fcrHh'Cr.Ii'TTONS. -. 1
E^niple Cc^ics wiC bs forwarded trber rt-
Vail «-^«cr,h— «. m ordering <-hr.rs» of •.<!-
Crcrt should bf> ririkular to give both NEW
AXU CLI» XDDOZ£S \a • rtvr, to insure a
rrom.-.t aaJ r-circct cuspliaace with their, re- I
O.«SC7«.\ND O7>1CE:
ic:c Crcaiwiy. Ttleplx,n» Main 1CS3
CEr.ICELHT OFFICE:
IKS Ccs-.<r C:rcet Telephone North- 77
•TVAfrillN-CTON CORRKSPONDENT: j
f/.SIUKL \v. Y/ALL Hotel Barton!
- ;
NET/ YOHK NHTVS STANDS: \
¦V\'a:Scrr-A5i-3r1a Hctcl: A. nr^ntr.tm. SI ,
CbSosj S.jnsr-; Murray HJli Hot^l^FJfth-svenue J
CnJCAGO NEWS STANDS: ]
Ebormsn Bttopc. P. O. Noim Co.: Great :
r-c*i::;m II<-,<»;: TrtBMSl Iicuee: Auditorium |
Kc*.<_J; PjTnier flBBr*. ;
crncAoo rsi're>=kntaVive: i
C. CSOCCS KCORNKSfr Miroma n'j!!11=g j
• l-nsi: Distance Telcphcns. "Cer.tra.1 2C19."»
NHW TOKK !ti:pnEST-::CTAT7VE:
FTXP11KX B. SMITH ») Trttona BullcJ'.ns
NEW VORK CORKESPONDEXT.
C. C. CARL7VN HeralJ Square j
CCSIXEP? Orricn cJ the fan Francieco Call. I
ccrr.er Markrt and ThlrJ street* ; open until |
12 o'clock every right In the year. :
BUANCH OFFICER: !
I00« Market etreet. opposite Fifth: open until j
11 p. m. I
t27 Montgomery'etrwt corner Clay; open until j
9:30 p. in. ;- \
500 Hayes street; open ontll J»:30 p. m.
?>•» McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkln street; open until fl:30 p. m.
3941 Mlsr'.on etreet: open until 10 p. m.
Jf.r. Eleventh wtrect: open until ft p. ra.
3W, Valencia rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthe«« corner Church and Duncan streets;
open it. til 9 p. e. 1
V2<#i Fillmore «tr«t; open untl! 9 p. ra. , j
HEAL gSTATE-«-CITT--rOB 5AI.B I
6AGE. DEALEY A CO.. „ , !
ti3S Market st. opp. Palace Hotel, j
AUCTION I
At our sa!eerooms at 12 o'clock noon. Thurs- j
<sy Ort. 27. 1904. !
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS SITE.
No. 31S Stockton *t. north o* Po«t; lot
£9:lUxtt ft; 'mprovements thereon a 2-story
V)Ui:d;ng. coMkicting of store and 2 lofts, with j
batt rctnt : will Uase fof" about $250 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 5n$-5tO Noe et.. north of 19th: Im-
pro\ tmente consist of 2 "modern flats, contain-
ing 5-ti 100ms, porcelain bath, gas . gratee,
v-oodfn mantels and tiled sinks; rent $47 50;
built (i in nths; mortgage $lb00.
WESTEKN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
No. 275S Filbert St.. east of Baker; lm- j
rroveroer.ts consist of a modern residence, con- |
tafr.ing 7 rooms and porcelain bath, unflnish«sd
¦ ttir ard one finished room in. basement; lot
lixKT ft., iriffolsr; rented for $10 per mo..
n EVIDENCE SITES.
FE. line of Park Hill ave.. 155 ft NE of
Tiiden «.. 55x112 ft.; property finished in
th? Park Hill Homestead Association; com-
manding an unsurpassed view of the entire
city; the rr.oat desirable location for a resl>
dence; in the vicinity of Buena Vista Park.
POTREIiO COTTAGES AND BUILDING
LOTS. v:j
NO. 1. ' ¦ ' **
No. 1101 Rhode Island 6t. north of 23d; lot j
£5x110 ft; improvements consist" of a^modern 1
rottage, containing b rooms and bath; modern
1 ;-.:!i. t/r.ft; permanently rented for $20 per mo.
NO. 2. «
No. 1101 De Haro st. ; improvements conslit
of a modern cottsge containing 5 rooms, large
etable to accommodate S horaes, flne well,
wan-r tank and windmill: lot 25x100 ft.3 rent-
ed lor $12 per month.
NO. S.
Bnllding lot on the east line of DeHaro st.
4US ft. north of 23d; lot 25x100 ft
NO. 4.
East line of Rhode Island st 408 ft north I
of 23d st.. 25x100 ft; to be told as per dla- j
gram. - !
FIRST-ST. INVESTMENT. !
No. 314 First Et.. eouth of Folsom; lot 20x
72 ft.; improvements consist of a 2-story I
building and large basement used as a ma- !
chine abop; rented for $50 per mo.
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 54-5C-5fe Sharon st, north of -16th.:
lot 25x125 ft.; improvements consist of 3 new
flat* of 6 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents |
$72 50 per mo.; mortgage $2000; buUt about
one year. ¦ !
FIP.ST-ST. INVESTMENT •
Nos* 353-353%-3«,1 First St.. XW. of Har- i
riion; lot 45:Cx68:9 ft.; Improvements consist j
of frame dwellings, cottage and 2 flats; rent
flC per mo * 1
MASON ST. j
No. 1315 Mason et, north of Jackson; lot I
C2:Sxl."7:C; improvements consist of a 3-story 1
brick building, with flat and large stable in !
rear. . f . 1
BUSINESS CORNER. I
Nos. 2*^33-35-37-33 Laguna «t- and 1901-5-7
Union, being the SW. cor. of Union and La-
guna; lot 30x100 ft; Improvements consist of
2 elor*s € flats; total rents 5167 per mo.;
concrete ridevalk. street blturr.inlsed. build-
ing ha\1ng been erected 3 years. '
LOMBARD-fiT. INVESTMENT.
Ncs. 2556 to 2574 Lombard st, west of De- i
viEadero et.; lot 60x137:6 ft.: improvements
consist of 6 new, modern- flatc. containing
4-5 rooms, porcelain baths shingled fronts;
rents $14<S '<>; beautiful grass lawn around the
entire building.
THIRD-ST. PROPERTY.
No. 340 Third st. NW. of Harrison; lot 23x
80 ft; improvements consist of a 3-story frame !
building, consisting of store and rooming-
house above, containing 14 rooms: rents $P8 60 '
{ta-e^bSwinT*'™ PlUmWn » thr0U * ho "
6AGE DEALEY & CO..
, €3S Market «t. opp. Palace Hotel.
KAGE. DEALEY & CO., ~" " *
c-^rv^ Mar^v-, ct ' OP*** 11 ' P*lace Hotel.
$-5,000— Renu tZii per mo.; a large business
corner on Larkln st; stores and flats-
building thoroughly modern; holdings of •
this nature exceedingly scarce. j
$25,000— A large corner on Oevitadero st • 3
rrontagea ; etores and flats; rented "tot
$l.t7 50 per mo.
$25,000— Large corner on Leavenworth »t • CO
, feet frontage; 4 large houses" that could
easily be reconstructed with stores and
apartments: present rental $165 ner mo
$2I.000-R«u s $2052 per annum; m^rtga^e
flts.500 to remain; Improvements 8
modern flats of 6-« rooms each; situated
In Mission district on large area of
$20.000^ U er.u $2442 "per annum; a large hold-
ing eouth of Market s t; running from
wirtet to street; a positive sacrince; re. '
Juc«l from $25,000; aa actual profit of 1
M)00 can he made immediately upon
820,000 — Stores «ad' fletg on Fillmore stN rents '
S125 per mo.> increase of Sioo coai-
tiveiv,cuaranteed to purchaser: 50 fe-t
fronUTse; property on this etreet des-
. lined to becomt equally a b valuable
as Polk ft property in the course of
three rear*.
518,000— Rests $2100 per annum; 10 magnifi-
cent modern fiat*: shlhgi«d balWlng-
permanently rented^ to ttr*t-cla«s ten-
UT.tu- rr.crtpaxe ot $8500.
fl COCO— C«r ner on i'owell it.; Improvements.
, es.'.ocr. and S.Sats above: electric lights-^
ihorouxhly modem building; rented for
$112 vrr ma —
f!i,«*iC— Comer on O'FarrcIlrt.. cast of Web-
bter; stores and flats; rents $t°<0 per mo
$11.000— Building let. , U>xS7:C feet; McAllister
¦ . «..-«««¦ of • etelner; '. a particularly de-
i!r»t!t c?te for aa apartment liou»e.
$!0.500 — Sold to ' settle - an estate; <2GJt-ntitvn
. bfU'.Inc; well rented; Inupeet tbie at
cnc«. oc It Ir a(S£D. .
ff.50C — C£:0*137:C feet; lerre retlCencn rite
cti'Gnta ?t., cvtriooWn** the bay. .
$S.OCO— Residence, with <? rooms. and hatli on
Gtelner »t". ntsx Eddy; mortgase »250&
at 0 ifr cent. - x - — '
S3, COO — Tivf-izcr.c prcrnrty: store . and ¦ flat.
.titcvf: *iu:a'.c«'. tn Srannaa*«t: nesr
£;\ta; twirt t;» 'rwrnsuicnt ¦• tenants. •. !
F3.25C — Rcots ¥*(*<•* per mortgage cf :
¦;!CT0; r.a:» >-n Valret-also. st.
t^sZi^rl.ci >t.. ©i>p. P*tac*» Hotel.-;
Jtse— ?50 roWN. l)3li-p/?e $*•* per month; fine
Jo«s rrxlCO. ocar Z6«s»»c f i Wid'Th!rt!eiS st».;
»-:rcel'S »>c\vcr*rt . nni prndnl: ¦ ? -' bloc!;? . from '
Gj< ricpp-K. '•*r». 1>. P/OL1VKB.-.U4 Mont- :
;-'''i':iv ct. JHBV|ifHBHHGH
yf'Tt'yAt — Aiirat b^rs.'J'a; ccr?tr r?«I«th'am! !
Crtilr.ffvrw^ rt?.; :-tor*^3 '.Ivlnr rcorn*; i«tg.b!(» j
. nad v;?«cn-»(<ci;;ai:4 flat cf-«; rt<crn» and i
f-ith. : Src o«vncr en tbe i«r*nsls.e»i. >
cny.AT; bakcaik; ; -'. . > 0 ¦ „. ' j
•iSTKi^-Two Jir,y»»t; front house. 6 room*; ¦ rear
ttc-use 4 rooaii:J311«Tort; rt. - :¦?,'•
KXAL ESTATE CrTY-r- rog SAItS. |
<3. :;. UMIJSKN " it CO.; '-0 Monmomsry St
AUCTION .
. At-Gl'lON*
AUCTION ¦ \
auciio:*'
; , AUCTION , .
of investment, 'residence and unlmprovca
iroiwrtieg will l» lxM at our sale^roeia^-u
Montgomery St.. TUESDAY. Oclober £5, 1904.
at 12 o'clcclc noon. ( -^ ' '
CVAKDIAJf SHIP. SALE. ' ' -
SW. ccr. of F.-»u:«:i*co and • Leavenworth
Us.. lS7:l-n7:C; elegant site, bavins &*>
Kiiobstrtctcd n;ar!r.e \l^¦»'.- -- ' " ,
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
Outs:d- Ija»id!« bir.ck SSS; size. 210x600.
DOWN1XJ1VX HOLDING.
1H» Laskia st.. v.xst Use, nr. Sutter st:
ihrcc-siory liouso, containinc 10 rooias.oau
lietU; rt-uts v'J'-) l>sr month; bank mortgage of
$7.*a» at C per c=r.t cr.n re.-nntn; 27:0x112:0. j
WESTERN ADDITION- RESIDENCE. I
121C KUIor. Et.. north line. -bet. Scott. end
Devissdeto ¦ sta. ; a U-roeci dfciling, batli, j
eu\: ixnu $15 per month; 20xlo7:6.
CALIVORNIA-STr.EET UESIDKNCE.
2VSC Calliorala Et.. north line. bet. Octa-
via and Lacuna sts. ; a desirable residence of j
t» rooms, bath, launury, ? etc., \ In • perfect • or- j
rtcr; •vJ:;v i -i32:c.
CflOlCE BAKFR-STHEET LOTS.
Baiter st. cart line, bet Fell and Hayes
*ts. : 2 rhojee loto, suitable- for residences,
. apartmcjH hou*e or flats.- Utlng on the main
driuway tc the Parli and • overtocklng the
entrance to Park Panhandle; 25x101) each.
CHOICE. BUILDING LOTS.
v\f«;t line of Guerrero St., bet 21th and
2oth sis.; also Fair. Oak* St., east line, 23x
125 t-ach; choice location Ior residence or
Oats. • -. .: "J
CHOICE BUILDING LOT8. :
Dolores »t, east line, bet- 24th and 25th |
»ts.. and. Kalr Oaks, west line; desirable «
building lets, ccmmandlng fine viow; 25x125
each. - . .
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE.
J~20 Pace «t. north line, near Central ave. :
2-Mory dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; lot
23x114. •
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Oak st., south llr.e. bet. Bak>r and Brod-
erlcJi tts. : 2 choice building lote. t:5st."7:0 I
each; overiooking entrance to Park Pan. I
handle.
DESIRABLE BUILDING LOT. I
Sacramento st., south Use, bet. Maple -and 1
Upi-ucc ets..' 27:«sl32:7lj. ¦-
MOnitlo AVENUE INVESTMENT. \<\ \
7, Morris avc., east l:nc. ojf Harrison' st,' 1
bet. Stli and «>th »U ; 2-etcry house ar- j
ranged Into 2 flata of .V4 rounis cadi; rents
$32 Z*> \<tt month; 25xW. !
COZY MISSION COTTAGE. j
• 3710 22d ft. north line, b»t Sanchcs and 1
N«» sts. ;' a new modern cottugc of li • rooms ;
• and bath, high basement concrete bulkhead. J
ct-ment walks, etc.; -25x114.' . i
For catalot-u^ and further particulars ap-
Dly to our office. j
,O. H. CMTSKN & CO.. j
SO Montzomerr st 1. ! ;
— 1 a ¦¦¦^ ' 1
G. H. USIBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery St. j
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers. I
$U>,OGU — Rents 152M> per annum; bu.-'incr* cor- J
ner on Market *±.; transfer point: new]
Improvementii cormist of 4 sture» and & 1
flats; la re--, lot, ..frontlnE over 01 fe«t '
on Market st. 1
$30,C00 — Rents $1440 per annum; close to
O'Farrell and Taylor sts.: improve-
ments consiet of 3 two-etory dwelllngb;
a cplendid holding to Improve with mod-
ern building; lot 45 ft. front. !
$22.500— Rents $1724 per annum; choice cor-!
ner on Grove st., clcse In; Improvements
consist of stores and fiats: large lot, 55x
12«; 3 frontages; a splendid buy. 1
$16,000— Renu *2100 per annum; 0 nicely con-
structed flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
new and modern In every particular; bay ' •
windows; brick foundation; street work
done; one of the best renting districts
in the Mission. i
$12,500— Rents $7W» per annum: 1th tt, with- '
in a block and a half of Market St.; a !
good substantial X-Btory building, con- 1
talnlng 2 stores, and lot 25x85; this is I
a splendid buy, . as it is bound to :
enhance. j
$11,000— Rents $1230 per annum; make offer, j
Page st.. near Central avenue; 3 hand- •
somely appointed fiats of 6 rooms and '
bath each; lot 25x100.-- :
$10,500— Reduced from $12,000 to make a quick ]
sale; Walnut- it. residence of 10 rooms 1
and bath; new and modern; marine
view; Urge lot, 27:8%xK3:9. •*;- !
$'J,000— Near HaJsht and Webiter sts. : 3 j
flats of 7-6-6 rooms and bath; bay win- ¦
dows; -brick foundation, etc.; rents!
$77 50 per mo.; lot 25x100. |
$8,750— Pacific ave»; an Ideal residence lot: I
north line; unobstructed marine view;
let 33x132. !
$7000 — Devi*adero-Bt. ; rwo-?tory bay-window
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot ' 25x
10S:3.
?6250— Broderlck st., near Clay; a desirable
dwelling of 8 rooms and bath; key lot;
27x112:6.
$4750— Rents $576 per annum: near Fifth, and '
Folsom sts.; 4 desirable flats of 3 rooms
: . each; in perfect order and steadily rent-
, ed; lot 2SxSO; bank , mortgage of $2250;
-will pay 14Vs*per, cent on equity of j
{2500. -¦.<-,. ¦ ¦ . . • •
$4,500— Rents 5132 per. annum; close to Va-i
lencia and 14th 6ts.; 2 desirable flats of I
5-4 rooms and bath .each; rents low; lot !
25x77:6. . ;
$3,500 — Rents $4S0 per annum: close to 6th '
and Folsom ets.; improvements consist ¦
of 4 tenements 1 In good order and stead- j
Ily rented; lot 25x80.
"* For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Eirtate Record, containing a list of
properties for rale In all parts of the city,
apply at our office. ;
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St..
Real £etate . Agents and Auctioneers. ¦ !
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY. '
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
$40,000 — 90x125; a corner on Ellis st. near ,
Buchanan; improvements consist of houses ¦
¦ and Hate in good condition, renting for !
$312 ><0 per month; must be sold, on account I
of departure of owner. ". '
$25,000 — Six new Unlon-st. flats of 6 rooms and *
bath each, renting for $2£SS per annum.
$23,500 — 113 feet on Market st running through '
to Church; the very cheapest buy In this •
locality; suitable for store or flats. <
Two modern marine view flats. Just completed;
rents $82 50 per month; must be sold at once.
$8000 — 806 Ashbury St., near Frederick; 30x100;
modern colonial residence. .
$7000—25x100; Twenty-fourth st, bet. Mission
and Capp; store and flat, renting for $65 per
month. ,-•
1|7500— 72x107 feet cor. 11th and Lake; will
subdivide; one of the most desirable corners
on Presidio Heixhts.
$b000 — A' corner on Castro and Seventeenth
feU.; 48x90; Irregular. ¦
$30,000—40:0x137:6; north line of Bush st,
near Mason; improvements consist of a
lodging-house renting for $150 per month.
J12.000 — 57:6x00* to rear street; cor. Union and
Mason; improvements store and flats renting
for $S» 50.
$12,750—25x100; three new flats on the north
lire of Pine st. near Fillmore, renting for
$106. per month, '
$8500 — 50x122:6; Treat ave., near Twentieth
• st ; eix ' 4-room fiats renting for $75 per mo. '
B. GE.TZ. ' Room 22, Chronicle Building.
- OWNER AND DEALER.
New Biock on the Grand Ocean Beach!!!
Graded Lots Ready to Build on
Quality and Prices , Tell— Easy . Terms ! ! !
£up<°rb View — Call for Map and Diagrams.
Richmond District— Choice Graded Lots!!!
Greatevt Bargains Ever Offered— Easy Terms.
$250 to $500 — North of the Park Lots!!! • . '--'t
Opp. s-procUels Lake and Near Chutes— -$5 mo.
$250 to 11200— Sunset Heights <Lots.$S mo. up.
(3&0 to $500 — 19th ave.' Boulevard Lota, $5 mo.
: J75 to $350— dcean : Heights . and Oceanside
New Block in the Excelsior Horn t stead!!! -
$150— Splendid Level LoU— Just Think of It
Get a Home on Kasy Terms— City Water.
i $75 to $100— Ocean, View Level Lots.' $5\mo.
I $1000 to $5CK>0 — Cottages and Houses on Terms.
! Call at my office,.' N Room 22. : Second floor
!^^-- ..- . '¦ - Chronicle Building. , /•„> - "
$7500— THRKE flats, 0-5 and 6 rooms all in
good or<«er; clo*» to the > Panhandle; finest
buy In the- district : make t <«fcr. McE WE V
BROS.. IIS Montgomery < st. ; V
I FUJK bargain; !ev«flot at Ocean .Vlow- one-
1 , half block from ears; close to proposed car
, chopn of 'the United -Railroads: on lr t 3 „,
I month; ; first-cla«9 buy. McEWEN BROST
I Montgcmory; su',< tj^jyfg^-: ¦ ¦ : _ -' j
I S2C0-EXCCLSIOR lot at a facrlfl,-«; short die- 1
I tsnee :rom Ul»s(u.i.«t"cars: close to proposed
i ..;shop« of the. Unltwl'Rallrc«d«::ea*y terms
¦ M;Enrsx K"OS-'. \ 1 IS .Montgomery it. !
i $3200— UNUSfAL opportunity, to .secure line 6-
1 room cf,Uag»:iin first-class condition; ln%x- 1
. ; ccllent.nels'liborhoort Jrti'he'MjRslon- mu«t bo '
, - k»M to close efctaie;. prSc* \ way t below value '
,a:nl rc-cint cost;: $;t00.-' bank mortesce can '
rcuiUn. EPECI^ACO.. 2CT Mcclgomery «" i
V . WHY NOT; BUILD . . - - I
i on: th«i' vacant .> lot; of yctirs? - ,\v» '; loan.; run
! co«t : of ,- '.ir.provrircnt. «nd>part:lct Ht U n«-
; tent: *jilan« -" furnished. -If ¦ Sr»i- u »
j ' MA-VIIArrAN-LOAN CO.^Cwck^ldj:"
• FOIl "»«1« : — •tVc«!on!aV;hou'w>«, ".'» rooms bath '
am'. :ljis««rient; f beautifully i f.r.leh«(5. up to I
"date and sunny: «mst »i<le of .Tenth ave .near
--, I gtT gtinnct.yHaHett & ,Oee.- on premises.' W
5-ROOM cottage 1 ; price' $1350; easy' terms." 432
.. \Twentletb " ave.. - Richnwnd 3 I>l»trief ,<s; ; ; ;
RE AI. ESTATS— CITY— gba ' SAUS. | .
' ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.'
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALK.
; " AT AUCTION. .".""'.
,: at auction. . ; . , •
¦ THURSDAY, NOVEMBER .3, 1901, -
THUitSU A Y. 3, " 1304.
AT OUR OFFICK AND SALESROOM,
. .;- ¦..--:. 525 Post st',, at 12 o'clock noon. . v
BY' ORDER OF WILLIAM J. DINGEE, ESQ.
• Aciml:i(i,cralor of 'the" Estate, of . = ¦.• ;
/I ALV'INZA ¦ HaY WARD, • deceased.
' 3S' BOULEVARD LOTS V 38. ". .
;!S BOLLWVAUD -LOTS 38 .
v IS ' BOULEVARD LOTS S8 .
FRONTING ON ' ' * '". . '.
LOJiUARD-STKEET BOULEVARD.
' - GKKENW1CH STREET. " . .. ;
' OCTAVIA STUEET. _
LAGUNA STREKT..
¦-¦ ¦- ¦¦ 1 - .
LOTS ALL LEVEL AND READY . - •
TO BUILD ON AT ONUtt. • v 'Jf*
' SU1TAULE FOR NOMES, ;»%"
. FLATS OH. STOKEM. -.....-
STRI3ETS AND CROSSINGS "ALL"-'
BITUMINIZED -EXCEPT GREENWICH
STREET. "WHICH IS MACADAMIZED.
TER3rf? CASH OH 50 PER CBNT OF THP
PUKCHASB PRICE WILL BE ¦ "
ADVANCED BY THE 'HIBERNIA'
SAVINGS AND LOAN . SOCIETY, -
CERTIFICATE OF TITLE " AT. TH E '
NOMINAL COST OP $10 PER LOT. .
FIIXMORE ST. AND UNION ST. CARS
CONVENIENT IX) THIS PROPERTY.^
THESE ARE 1 THE LOTtJ'YOU HAVE BEEN
-.LOOKING FOR..
DON'T MISS THE SALE- - \ '***
THURSDAY."
NOVEMBER 3, 1004, at .. .
12 O'CLOCK NOON
AT *.'5 POST ST.
FURTHER PARTICULARS OF ;
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
AUCTIONEERS. _ !
BALDAVIN & HOWELL,.
25 Post St.
Renta Collecled. Taxes Paid.
Ci:y Agents Firemen's Fund Insurance Co.
$C000— RENTS $66 PER MONTH.
4 new separate fiats of 4 rooms and bath -
each; modern In every respect: large lot, 50x .
100 ft; Mission warm b»lt, within half block of
the 24th-»t. can; pays 12 per cent per annum.
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Price only $5000; Eddy, st, near Pierce; 2-
story house of 8 rooms and bath; new plumb-
Ing throughout; lot 25x137:0 ft; on car. line.
;i V "^OAK-ST. PARK FRONT LOT8.
• Two lots, 25x137:6; on Oak st.. between Cole ;
and Shrader; pplemlM lots for flats; price
$13000; owner anxious to sell; would make terms
easy; may trade for other property.
PRICE $8200— RENTS $66 PER MONTH.
Lot 27:6x120 to rear street; on the north line
of Fulton St.. c short distance W of Van Ness ; .
ave.; 2 houses cf U rooms) each on Fulton nt.
and 3 flats of 3 rooms each on Ash. ave.
$S75O— THREE-FLAT BUILDING— $8750.
Something hard to obtain in the Western Ad-
dition; 3 .flats for less than $11,000; we offer !
three flats of 5,. 6 and 6 rooms and bath, on |
lot 25x106:3, in a desirable renting locality in •
Western Addition, vicinity of McAllister and j
Baker sts. ; rents $SS8 per annum; price $5750.'''
$3000— RENTS $360 A YEAR— $3900. j
2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each; in ;
good condition; lot 25x137:6; on Pine st., a fine '
little investment for -your money. j
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE. i
$10,500-^-Reduced from $12,000 to make quick i
*ale for owner, who resides In the East; splen- 'f
did 2-»tcry and attic , residence, 11 rooms, 2 I
baths; 'gifden; 'marlne.^ylew; on sunny key' lot t
on Laguna St., neo'r- Broad wAy; lot-27:Gxl37:6; [
house open for" inspection.- "¦ ' ; j
CHEAP BUIliblNGliOT. -. ; ; . ¦
' Size '25x100, with -street work all' complete;,
bituminous rock. -granite' 1 curbs, ' sewered on
grade; ready to . build on";. Golden Gate ave.;
email flats w6uld pay big interest ¦ on invest-
ment if built here.
$4750— RENTS $48; PER 'MONTH. !
Point Lobos ave., not far from First ave. ; lot •
24:6x100; 3 fiats; 4, 5- and' 5 rooms anu 'bath
each; In good repair. j
$0000— RENTS $000 A YEAR.
Four-story and basement frame building,
containing store en ground floor with 2 rooms
and VI rooms above; one tenant, for all; lot 25x
80; mortgage of $4500 can remain; Harrison Et.
SUNSET AND RICHMOND DISTRICTS.
We have a splendid list of houses, cottages
and flat*, besides our list of building lots, that
can be purchased on ! easy monthly payments,
'enly requiring a small first - payment • down..!
Call at our branch office," corner of H st. and j
Seventh ave., and -be shown aroundf horse- and
phaeton at your disposal. Office open Sundays.
Lts from $100 up. Sec us before buying else-
where. . • BALDWIN &-H0WELL.
•" . ,25 Post at.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. - r ¦-.'
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
30 Montgomery st Opposite- Lick House
$40,000 — Corner on Octavla it, near. Sutter;
flats renting for over 0 per cent; lot
60x87 ;6.
$18,500-^2 fine new, flats on Washington st.
near fine park; 8 and 9 rooms and bath; -
rent $1680 per annum.
$20,000— Powell-st business property: 65-foot
•. . .-. ¦ front running through -to- rear street; '
/.old Improvements paying : $1260 per an-
v num; fine property to Improve.
$10.750 — Page st;.2 up-to-date flats, ¦ 6 and .7
rooms and bath; annual -rent $000.
$6,000 — 8tore and flat. », rooms And bath
above, on Oak st; rent $630 per annum-
this Is worth looking into. -; ', _.
1 8, 000 — Bryant st. , nr. 3d ; modern flats ; . well
.rented; lot 25x80..
. $4,250— Leavenworth St., '* In choice location:
. house of 6 rooms and 'bath; Iot»22-6x70
feet; rent- $360 per annum. -.
$8,000— Folsom st., near 2d, north side - of
street^Jarge lot, and house of 13 rooms."
$3,100— Harrison; st. near First; house rents
JIS; lot 20x6S:».
: ' : /'¦•'--"¦ . LOTS-* :' , -¦¦'. ".
$4,100— Fillmore st; near Grov^;' lot S5x"
107:8. '. ' : : ;
CHOICE UJCOME PROPERTY, *
$5,000—2 modern » flats; ' C rooms and bath
- each; * near ¦ Market and - Guerrero cta •
, rent.$304 per annum. . . "'
$5,000— Two fine lots: Beulah at, near Stan-
- yan; 60x137:0. ";. ; * .
$2^450— Let. 25x125, ' on flne street.: near • Du-
,booe Park and Stelner st;- fine 'lot 'for '
flats; 5II new : Improvements on - the
*' block.'. .: . ¦ . . •'•»'.'.¦,
$1,976— Harrison st,. near 28th; ; fine -cottage
5 rooms and bath; lot 25x110; cheap. '
$4.500— Chattanooga . st, .' near Twenty-third •
: large lot f&xU7jQ_ to rear, street
$5,000— North Beach 4 flats rent '
',-.--.-¦ $504 per annum; la rce lot. 40 ft front
';• on Bay st. - .. ¦- ¦. ' . . ¦ " ..--..'¦• -'
LoU 27:8xW7:6. on Sutter st, between Stelner
.-:, -¦'. and'Plerce.:. -. ¦ :¦ ¦ ;-.-. ;•..- •,;•..,, .
"Build Inf i lot*. ¦ NE. f corner * Golden ~ Gate ' ave
and ; Bsker st. ; In sizes : to suit: Drleei
from' $2000' upward..
MADISON & " BURKE. ":
- .. • \ 30 Montgomery at.. . opp. ; Lick House.
RICHMOND DISTRICT— J. > R.*- SAUL^& 3 CO.
* - ; «4SCI«ment:«t,":. near -Fifth 'ave.-' - '
$CCC0--New ¦ flats. '• 5 ¦ and 6 - rooms * and t bath ;
,-¦--.. (' rentod, N ?02 60. . " ' ¦---"-.•<- . . • ; .
$:<7R0— Oallfornla-at. I house. v :7 - rooms and i. bath.
;--;~vi.'jylth high basement; modern conveniences. "
$3<00^-New modern cottage,' 6 rooms and bath;
,---". '- '>, brick .*¦; (dundation.'--: sutlonaryi washstand, {
porcelain ." bath. * high % . basement,"' Hldewalk -.
* and. street; work u Looking- for !
senw IJiinjc 1 eood ? ;-.. See .- this. • Mortgage ¦•¦ of i '
; $2ft00 can retnaln.'-:> J.^ H. SAt.-L" & CO. I
'-; .-' '. i \ ' ,' . . ." ' ' \ S43 Clomenl st.,1 near. Fifth" ave." ! .
LOTS. ¦- 55x120, on 4 Is t ave.V" near} K et', 'on 510 I
!- monthly* payments; > no, taxes,*, no lnt?rest;'tho
only In«tallmen; !ots In thin loca;icm; close- to 1
•¦.. G.^G.'*P»rk» und /ocean * boulevard. •;¦ C* K*
MOOR K- P27 Market ; St.? room 300. r ; :- : < ; '
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, let included,
¦ , ' any* location, on $1 25 .- per 5 week.' >;- Mutual
.-i Howe Building 'AiM?oclallrin,' 427; Cross'oy bid,' •
"v ' * '*¦ : n ~ " :' " ' ¦;',."
.<gEAI»; ESTATE-^IgY—rOB" SALE.
tjKAINWALD,' BCCKBEE &' CO.,"
21S and 220 Montgomery, St; ':
¦¦-'_: Mills Building. '- ¦
;' -'. • Tmarinb ; view. ' -~. ; - :.!.'¦
extra large lots." * : »
; Overlooking 5, the Golden <- Gate, r Twenty-sev-
enth ¦ ave.,.' north ' of Lake st. These lots ; espe-"
. dally adapted for , homes, being 37 : 6 f t ~i wide
by a depth of *120 feet; arloe $1300 each; cash
or terms; '. streetx work and sewer . completed.
Agent on land Sundays to show lots.-?* •
>'¦¦'¦ ->-:¦-';. :.: ; -ZZH--; '¦-•¦>.-'¦•¦".¦- :*
$16,760 — Leavenworth st;: near Washington, 1
¦ large two-story and basement house of
¦¦ ••' about : 18 ' rooms; . beautiful marine '. view;
. Ideal * location -for ; sanitarium ; • large - lot;
07 :6xl37 :6 . feet; exceptional chance ; to
buy, as the price Is remarkably low.' -
$32,500— Polk st.,- near Washington, .three-
-. - story frame building,', containing -'store
and two flats above;' leassd; . monthly
rents $180; building almost new.> ¦
$25.000— Vallejo " st./ near .Webster; -elegant
marine. 'view residence,'- 5 .'bedrooms;
about '¦ 12 * rooms in . all ; unobstructed
marine : view ; : hardwood "- floors through^
out; lot 40x137:0 feet; positively anAl
buy In. every respect • V '' .
$8,500— O'Farrell .'st. : key lot. • west ' of FUN,
more; lot 50x137:6 feet: excellent location
for an apartment-house or flats, and the
price is be low anything in this sac t ion.
$6,000— Shrader St.; near Golden Gate- Park
.Panhandle; residence just finished; every
V modern. improvement; 7 rooms and bath-
lot 25x100 ft.; very artistic. ¦,!>"'
¦ ¦•¦ ¦ ' ¦. ' ¦ , %]
$25,000 — Beautiful "marine view,, residence on
Washington st, near Locust; thoroughly
modern In every respect; containing all
•'up-to-date conveniences; lot. 55x127:8^4 i
POPE TRACT. > - :--* > iV
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS. '. .'
CREAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
SITUATE . ON COLE, SHRADER," GRAT- .' :
-TON AND ALMA STREETS.'
. ; . FIRST SUBDIVISION.
Streets and lots '.graded,', macadamised and
sewered; every lot .ready, to build on. . For
further particulars, prices, etc., inquire at our
office,' Special Inducement offered to builders.
. $2,000-^Asbbury. st, near . Hayes; lot 25x106:3
' r - feet, adjoining Golden Gate Park; sewer
and gas connections made; a snap.
$30,000 — Northwest ) corn-er, opposite 'Alamo
Square: elegant apartments renting for
$212 50 per month; lot 70x125; partially
improved. • I
.-¦•• ., ¦ ¦;•-. ¦'^•'• ; :
$12,000— Stores - and flats ¦ on Sacramento st,
near Central ave.; rents $110 per month;
lot 50x100 ft " \ -?.¦
$10,000— Filbert *t, - near Hyde;-' fine marine
view' residence of 10 rooms and bath;'
lot 4Sxl37;6 ft
$0,000— Devisadero; : near Haight : residence, sf
rooms and bath; lot 25x125.- • j
$l7,Qpo—2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison; 70x95 ft;
.•-J flne site for modern business building.,
Get a copy oj our 'printed list of properties
for sale. ~ r ~ - -' '..-'. ¦ , - , ¦- ¦
SHAINAVALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 1
1 21S and 220 Montgomery it., Mills Bldg.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 POST ST.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOTS.
. $5-$10 monthly; your choice of the finest lots
now on tin- market In that locality;- 4Sth!ave.,
bet. P and Q Bts.; lote all fenced and graded".
and only S3 ft. from the Ocean Boulevard.
- • OCEANSIDE LOTS. .
. $100-$300 each; $5 monthly; level lots; only
1 block from' the . Boulevard and Oceanside
House.
FORTY-SEVENTH AVE. AND K ST.
2 choice lots, all fenced and graded,' on 47th
ave.; easy terms.; . , . ,
SPRECKELS LAKE ANP PARK.
' The grandest ¦ lots In that locality, overlook-
ing the lake and Golden Gate Park; these lots
have- an Immense. future; cars to pass within
a block. . , . . '
LOTS NEAR UNION COURSING"" PARK. .1 :
$75. each; 6 ; lots, _ 1- block from the Coursing
Park and. Mieslon. st. : perfectly level' and' ad-
Joinlnz.' houses. .: .-¦:'. i .\',',' *¦',"-'*
" "LOTS FOR"; CHICKEN* BRANCHES.""'" '
$500; 240x100 fj:/ nr.' Silver ave.; also other
lots for same purpose. ; \ v '" *
LOTS NEAR THE BAY SHORE LINE.
.$250 each; only 5 out, of 12 lots left: 1 block
from Kentucky-st. • cars; easy - payments; $5
down and $5 monthly. 1 . ',- ' -' :
TWENTY- FIFTH AND VERMONT STS.
Only 4 lots left. •
We have building lots in alt parts '.
of the city on easy terms. Let us
know what kind of 'lot you want;
.' "we can surely suit you. V • . :.-. /
COTTAGE NEAR SAN BRUNO ROAD.'
$1000— Small cash payment; lot 50x120 ft;
all fenced; 2-room cottage; a bargain.
NO. 837 ALVARADO ST. <
•. Owner will be on the premises this afternoon;
beautiful new 5-rm. cottage; electric lights;
lot 37:6x118, ft.; easy terms; take. 22d-st cars,
ride, to Hoffman are., walk -north 2 blocks to
Alvarado st.
We want to talk to you; we want to show
you how wasteful It is to keep. oi\ paying rent
when you can buy a home on monthly pay-
ments by - our easy monthly ; payment -," plan.
You can buy a home In almost any part of
the city.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST ST. -
Also -Office of Jacob ; Heyman Company
W. B. McGERRY !&* CO., 230 Bush St., Mills
Building, Ground Floor.- • • •'¦¦/•
$9,000— Jackscn st. ! near; Buchanan: lot<has ,
¦ two f frontages ; , elegant modern resi-
dence, 8 large rooms and bath; brick
foundation; 4 mantels; beautiful home.
$7.800 — Sacramento st; 2 • elegant ., new ; flats.
(j rooms and bath each; gas and elec-
• . trtclty; .beautiful' • entrance; . artistic
¦ . finish throuirhout: - rents- $810 a year;
large - lot, 27 ;6xl32: < $4000 i mortgage
¦ can be had, and will pay 15 per cent
¦ on money invested, t. .-:- . . • : •
> $7,000—3 fino modern flats. 4-6-6 rooms . and
bath; bay- windows, cement sidewalks,
, rents $000;: best bargain on , the . mar-
ket to-day :. rents ' $000: .pays 11 - per
cent- net. ¦ ; ¦ .
$8,D0O— 3 elegant new' modern < flats, 8-6-6'
rooms and bath, ¦ with cottage ¦ in rear
of 4 rooms and bath;. all new, and
modern; pays $1026 a year; closeln,
- . In Mission; take advantage of the. bar-
gain before you are • too late; lot 27 : 6
'- X138. ¦ ¦-- ¦, '¦•" :--¦--- rV-jaMPPiMl !
$8,000 — Green st!, near Stockton; 4 good flats,
5.6-C-G roomn and bath; large cement
basement: rents $SU4 Der year. :'
¦"$8.000 — 'J new -beautiful' flats, « -rooms :and.
¦ 'bath each; r near Park; -key .lot; rents
.$000 oer year: rtiuaf sell; make goffer.
$2,800— Nee 8t. (No.- 050) cottage. 7 All modern ; .
0: rooms and' bath: 7 brick: foundation,
cement sidewalk; cheapest buy In Mis- j
.' ' sion : ; also : many ' others - we ; would •; be
¦ •:¦: pleased, to show you.%.:^ ' ; ; ' ¦ ¦• ' . •,
$2,180— 17th st. ; cottage, modern; 14 large
rooms and bath.-- with high -basement;
- rents $210 a "year;- nice little home., r
$10,250— Pine ' at.-, near < Fillmore ; 3 flne mod-
ern flats, '5- 6-6 rooms and bath; rents
, $900 a year; large -lot, -34x137:6. -
$10,750— Union Kt;.. near Taylor; 3'beautlful
vf *. ¦ C-5-6" rooms and. bath; lance lot
• ; 'and- yard. ; 34x137:0:* oorcelaln > baths;
-..,-. -rents 8900 : a; year; ; very ; low. -.:'.. »
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of San
. • - Francisco * has. . only .' -. small ¦ area of ¦
'-'•:. .' , ";" Ocean Beach ?;¦ .^s
• Astounding prices -- will : be' obtained '• for ' lots '
: ( j rrontlng the; ocean In -near, future.' .,
.We offer' the only graded: lots fronting , right .
. '-. ¦ ," on. boulevard; ; ocean t and -park. '-^ -¦¦.'¦'
$450 to . $1000- r Unobstructed ' feean and • park
¦ ¦ • view; : Lots -' on ~ easy '• terms.* -- None '. like ¦ • . ,
¦ ' them in this • city;- •:• Selling : rapidly at . .•
. our - loiy> prices .' and ¦ terms. r - Don't . v. '¦¦:¦-,
mUs this -5. opportunity: '-{¦'see .-»-¦.:
' , them, to-day. ;»_'•'-¦- :. N : , -
$100 to $350— Near park and ocean; $^5 monthly.
Get off. car at .our Oceanside* Branch Office on
. corner H : st , and : 47th ave, \ open" dally :¦
;•" - and 'Sunday. ¦-•-.¦¦¦
$300 , to $1100— Choicest ' Sunset and Richmond
' .-¦;', lota. On installments. , . .*.-•-
$100 to : $400— Level * Exc«letor ; Homestead' lots,
v .' .:¦ ¦ near cars; $5 monthly. ... . ' ,.
$1200 ¦ to "• $30CO— Modern .cottages'. 'in Sunset,
v :_- ¦. Richmond, Orc-anslde' and = Mission; :' - -
'-¦'. ' >-' t 'easy; terms.-'.. ;"; .- -""
; BOL GETZ .&¦ SON.' Owners and -Dealers,
Room 64, fourth floor,^Chronicle bldg.
)$$g&3 ',/ r~yvH y/notTbuilp '¦:¦ ¦. •, ¦ ¦ - .- : ¦
on i that, vacant ' loU of s yours ?^\We;loanX full ,
cost c of t improvements <¦' and j part >. lot :¦ at > 6 r per
cent ; * plans u furnished v- if desired. ' « See : us.-
, ; MANHATTAN LOAN CO.r Crocker, bM». «¦*'.
f 'i "¦¦',* "'"'¦*¦ " '¦'¦-'" '" j '. " '. *.' ¦, ' ¦ ¦"
DAVIDSON .--'& * LEIGH, r 207 Montsromery r; St; ,
-¦ ¦ ¦• Real Estate Agents. Phone • Main 123.
Rents. Collected. ': Opp./ Mills Bldg.~ Entrance.
--SIXTH.STREET - BUSINESS CORNER.
$00,000— Rents $3040; large ; corner. .75x125, not
' \ fully improved,' and not", far south of
Marked; ;' stores ' and -v flats ; " make - an
¦ offer on this and hold it for the as-
,: ¦• sured / future. ; > .'
- f/. DOWNTON » BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$30,500— Rents $2100; . in the "district where all
*" thebrick' buildings are going up," not
I far from 2d st.~ 'and -Market: ¦¦ a- big
> piece ofland, 75x80;, present improve-.
¦ ments ; srood ' for ¦ years ; to come, \ but
land alone Is worth the, money ; mort-
" gage of *16.000 can remain; this will
- surely interest business men espe-
cially. » .
_ HARRISON-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$18,000— Rents $183C; lot •; 55x80, inside, of 9th
:;^r. '- et. ; an :; exceptionally eood business
corner ;. occupied » as "stores, and 'flats;
owner wa n t » to ' enlarge his business
and srlves special ' inducements on this
j buy r for r limited time only. *
• ¦'¦ • NORTH OF MRAKET FLATS.
$1!,65O^-Rtnted <Iow at > $1200 per annum; 3
. swell- flats on ¦ main- thoroughfare. 10
--• minutes' walk from Kearny and- Mar-
ket ; ' see \ these . at : once ¦ and make an
offer; the land alone is worth $500 per
- front fniii . miTim i"M» nj'iitijiiwDnYvifytiicag
¦¦'; DUBOCE SQUARE- FLATS..
$11,000— Rents $1140: 3 handsome flats, 0 and
7 rooms; never a vacancy; .built by
day's work 2 years ago as permanent
Investment and home for owner, who
, rou»t now. obtain, ready cash; these
- *re -not cheap contract: built • flats
» thrown up to . sell at a profit; ¦ light
, and sunshine on all . sides with '¦ the
whole Duboce Park as a permanent
- front . garden. ¦ > :,.•.-:
I \ ' .'. . MISSION FLATS. :
: $7,750— Rents $870: 3 new flats. . vicinity of
24th . and Dolores, : half block from
1 .. cars; ; 6-6-6 rooms; sun and llitbt can
• . -never be.shnt off;. • magnificent, view;
on level ground; street work complete,
and "accepted by city. :
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE— W. A. RESIDENCE.
' $7,600— A 3-story; residence of 15 rooms In
the fashionable district, close to Pa-
- j.-cific ave.;'cost $12,000 to build-, could 1
be changed into 3 flats at small cost;
see thte at once.
A BARGAIN— SOUTH OF MARKET.
$2,»50— Rents $35 per month; reduced from
/ $3000 to force saVe^thla week; 3 flats.
' 4-4-5 rooms on Morris ave., running
back to 6th et frontage; In good con-
dition; always occupied; new roof put
• ¦ on . last week ; cash wanted this week.
SPECIAL— THIRD-ST. • BUSINESS CORNER.,
*tu,DOO — Pays SVi per cent net on the invest-
ment; 40 ft. frontage, good depth; 4-
story and , basement ; brick improve-
• : ments; etores below, apartments above;
fully equipped with all modern appli-
ances; almost 'new; rented under
.bonded lease; every one -knows the
value of ad-st. property.
$10,800^-Rents $1110; big corner in the West-
ern Addition: Improved with 3 ele-
gant flats; sun all day; must be sold.
. . vias owner Is leaving the- city.
DAVIDSON .& LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st. -
j A. J. RICH & CO., RE ».L ESTATE AGENTS."
112 MONTGOMERY ST. 1
$27,000— Mission and 24th its.; northwest cor-
ner; large lot. 128x117:6; three front-
; ¦ ages.
$25,000— Hyde st, near Sutter; lot 50 feet front;
¦ £\ flne location for apartment house.
$25,000 — Pacific ave.; flne residence; near Fill-
more st. • ¦
$9,000— Reduced" from $10,500; Sacrament* st;
fine, modern, up-to-date residence; latest
modern improvements; electrtc fixtures;
9 rooms and bath; lot 28:0x100; property
must bo sold, owing to the owner's de-
parture from the State; make an offer.
*y2,G00 — Eddy-et. apartment house,' renting for
$2400 per annum; under 5-year secured
s lease: lot 37x120 to rear street '
$7,500^ — Laguna-st. house of 10 rooms and
bath; between Bush and Pine sts.
$10,000— Clement st and Third ave., southeast
> . corner; 30x100; store and flat; rent $75
' per month.
I $5,600— McAllister' st; store and . flat above;
'- lot 28 feet front.
j J5,2.->0 — Jackson st.. near Baker; lot 28:9x128.
$14,000 — Height St.; three flats; rents $12GO per
. annum; lot .30x137:6; between Laguna
! and Buchanan sts. .
i $20,000— Broadway -Investment; near Kearny
" -at.; large lot, 60 feet front: double front-
age; rents $200 per month. ¦ '
$10,250— Polk st,. between Filbert and Green-
¦¦„-„- * -. wlch; 3>new modern flats; rents $100 per
month; lot 25x87:6.
$4,000 — Washington st. near 'Laurel; lot 25x
102:8',i. •¦ > -' -•*.'¦ -.
EXCHANGE— A? beautiful home in Alameda.
/1212 Paru at. for residence In the city;
•'-¦¦¦ owner will pay cash difference. ,'.
A.fJ. RICH & CO., .::¦>;
j?i-' : .^v^ .-.\:- ' : ,' "2 MONTGOMERY ST.
: BALDWIN & STETSON.
-1 - - 317 -Montgomery at; near Pine."-— v ' ; .
', • ¦ ¦ - Telephone GTant. 137. . •
Real Estate Agents. Rent Collectors.
, .City Agents German-Americanand Phoenix
. , - of Hartford Insurance Companies.
See_to-day's. : Chronicle— different • list
GOOD LEAVENWORTH "ST. INVESTMENT.
$3250— Rent $a3ti; 2 good flats and* lot.
¦ ,- FINE CORNER INVESTMENT.
$4750— Rent $450; 2 good bay-window" flats.
brick foundation; : Mission .warm belt,
f ¦» handy to all car lines.
NICE RESIDENCE VERY CHEAP.*-,
$6675 — Very well built 2-story and basement
¦;.---. home of 9- rooms, bath, etc.; Fell st.
A VERY GOOD BUY. .
$7500 — Rent .' $750. worth $810; Sanchez st.
near market; 3 good flats of 6, 5 and 4
and bath; each In Al condition.
: THREE NEW MODERN FLATS.
$13,500^Rents $13*0; Webster st. near Post;
very light and. sunny.
MARINE. VIEW FLATS.
$14,500— $1740; key lot; 3~very light and sunny
flats: guaranteed" leases. ¦•-' ,
BALDWIN - & STETSON. : 317 Montgomery* st.
WE havp started foundations for four buildings
> this, week. What does it mean?. -Nothing
more or less than the cold fact that four
. ; families who ; have paid . rent . for years and
', years have concluded that they can save this •
rent money and be their own landlords.
:~ If you don't own your pwn home you can
do the same thing. We can set a definite
period . In which you pay off v the entire In-
debtedness.
.;'¦ .'Our- lots are In various parts of the city,
and it is no trouble, for us to show them to
you." If you. wish to 'do your own building,
.will make you most favorable terms for the .
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.,
V. HOME PROVIDERS.
616 Sacramento- st <
FOR sale by ¦ •
JULIEN . SMITH. :. . .
Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery st
JESSIE-ST. WAREHOUSE AND FACTORY
t. PROPERTY.
Near 6th; 2 or 3 nice properties; lots run to- .
ward Mieslon, also Stevenson st. ; property Is
advancing- in this locality dally; call for >
* particulars. -. ¦¦ -
. . .". . . .T. .-..-. . FOURTH STREET.
.--: Near ' Market;/ nice little ; piece of business
.> property: store, .etc.. with-flat above: excel-
lent condition; price $11,500; 4th st. will soon
be. widened, then this property r will sell for
$15,000. - - - . ' ¦- • '
. : . . . .'. .... ;8ACRAMENTO STREET.
.-¦ Near Webster; splendid lot -and house, 9
; rooms, etc.; rent$40; $6150. . -' »
LOTS $10 PER MONTH, f •
- ~ -.-PRICE ?.'J50 EACH. ' i
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
CASTRO STREET, .
!.",;-¦ DIAMOND STREET,; v '. * .' -- ,
GLEN .AVENli'iS, ¦ •;
DOUGLASS STREET
f SURREY STREET. ' '
' '- v- CHEN ERY STREET.
- v SEE THESE TO-DAY— 23 SOLD
'"¦ . ' .' ¦¦..¦;¦• LAST-WEEK. .'. " --,-- .
¦¦¦WATER MAINS LAID> STREETS GRADED.
SEWERED ,'AND - MACADAMIZED, ALL
READY TO - BUILD ¦ ON.' -.-: ONLY A FEW.
STEPS '. FROM THE- CARS. CONVENIENT
TO STORES., SCHOOLS , AND .; CHURCHES.
TAKE GTIERRERO-ST. CARS. ! GET OFF AT
GLEN >->. PARK." y-- REPRESENTATIVE - ON
GROUNDS ¦ EVERY.; DAY. • RIVERS . BROS.,
205 st. . 1 •-.. S- '.. ,., — --." . •'¦ •-.
. ¦;¦¦'¦ i. OCEAN, VIEW HOMES. • ."" •"¦ •
.roCEAN'. VIEW; HOMES.
.OCEAN VIEW j HOMES. .
. .-=, •.-¦:' .WitbiUtle! all. perfect, and. true — . .-\ '
>' : ' In sight of ocean, with steamer and ship ' -
. , ' Sailing. over Its water so blue,* ;.-...: ¦•-;:'
I '¦ Why live in a crowded flat? * Get a ! home' for
your fam!ly.7*A few choice sunny lots at "bed-
rock" prices, '$200 and $250, on Lobos st'
1 $1800 — English cottage 5 rooms, bath, etc
.THISTLETON.s Ocean^ View; city office 320
Bush; it; -'..-..;¦ /.-'. '-'-> ' ."¦¦¦•''.•¦ .C : -1-- "¦
,: $80 EACH—Eight loU: on Hhe- north" side of
¦ -'Market stVat^the'extenslon; a;snap. . : -
$1100 — Southeast corner 2S th ave. and Clement
-- st.'; 82:6x100; on- grade;isewered.:.'i -
$1600— 44x100; fine, business corner; Clement st
• --and 22d ave.; abstract provided. -
$1400— A ? flne ; northeast • corner, ; 18th ave.i and
"-¦:." ¦' qement stn 28: 11x120;, on grade.' .;- '
$1600^-29x120: • nortlteaet corner California st
>r*! and Twentieth ave.; on grade; sewered.
I •„ For corners in Richmond see owner, - '
\'- .~o_r CHARLES W; POPE. ,11 Montgomery st. - ¦
$1000^FOR i? 2 1 lots,£ northeast 5 corner s Sanchez
M and I Palmer -sts; ; < miist - be, sold for mortgage-
¦SS8Q do wn.4 balance' $20 pert month."',- Cottas«a
¦-¦ rttt24-:Armyj st.-'- and *¦ 37Crf • Army>st.: -^"^so'
D. COFFIN, -2528: Mission st.,* .near'. Twenty-
-.^first:.- ;:-:'¦¦¦¦; ' -*v ..>
$325-^BEAUTIFUL lota in the Mission district:
: ¦;¦ r no betteri chance < for . speculation or . to 1 build
I a , home In the . city. *.: Box .• 4S96. ¦ Call office. : -
BEAT. ESTATE— CITY— POB SAM.'
LYON & HOAG. " '
' " 11C MONTGOMERY; ST.
Send for our printed list of property for sale'
In all sections of the city/ .
J MISSION. INVESTMENT.
$14,850 — A grand investment on Howard st,
east of 9th; pays 0 per cent now; could be in-
creased; good improvements; see this at once;
"will soon be sold.. ¦• --«^»«.«fc ?«***«;
¦ NEAT MISSION HOME.
1 $2750— Cozy; little '. cottage - on . 24th St.. ' near
Bryant;'tjit3 has tine prospective value on ac-
count of business street. - -
-MUST BE SOLD. , •
. $8500— Three good flats on Bryant.' near 3d.
of 5, 6 and 7 rooms an! bath; rents $71; see
this and make offer. -
. • BEST BARGAIN 'IN MISSION. -
$6500— Rents $720; 3 brand new Ha ts; mod-
ern in every respect; 5. rooms and bath each;
near Mission anu 30th sts. ;¦ see these at once.
GOOD INVESTMENT.
$ll,C00 — Rents nearly $1100 • per annum; 3
flne flats; new; 6-6-7 rooms and- baths; Devisa-
dero St., near Haight; all rented; street bitu-
minizttd. .--.'•• . . --
BIG • BARGAIN, WESTERN ADDITION.
${*250— A - One . two-story double bouse ' of 8
large rooms' and bath "each; rented low at $65;
big lot; surroundings the best; near Baker and
Sa'cramento ets. • ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦' ¦¦ ¦
' MISSION FLATS.-
$7000— Rents $720; 2 dandy Cats, r 5 • and «
rooms and. bath: very sunny, everything mod-
ern; lot ovtr 30 feet; 2 frontages;- nice vHw»;
handy to "Twenty -second and . Guerrero street
cars. .---:.. ¦ ¦¦' ' " J •'
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER. /
$24,000— Rents $2C0 a month; '5 brand new
fiats substantially built; beamed ceilings: beau-
tiful tints; all th* electric appliances; on -a
corner lot. 37:6x00:10, near McAllister st
LYON A HOAG,
115 MONTGOMERY ST. •
SOME NEW LOTS
NEVER OFFERED BEFORE. * .
JJioO TO $U6O. • •'-.
1 • -. ' $100 CASH— $10 MONTHLY.
If you want ' to make money or secure a
choice borne site, be out to- the new block
to-<lay; offered for the -flrst time. It -la be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh aves., J and K sts.,
only 2 blocks from the car line and Golden
Gate Park. y^JSfri&£S«g***«S?SB8B«B
The land lies on a slight elevation over-
looking the Park and Goldt n Gate, and com-
mands a cood -view of the ocean. '
' Land at $34. $35 and $36 a 'front foot so
close to the business center' of a large and
rapidly growing city like San Francisco is
extremely cheap.
Don't hesitate. Bee the •block to-day. Con-
sider the price; you must realize it cannot re-
main at these figures long. Remember the
streets are macadamized, sewered, etc.
LYON & HOAG.
.llg MONTGOMERY ST. : '¦
41700— LOTS ON- DEVISADERO 8T.
$1700— LOTS ON DEVISADERO ST.
$1700— LOTS ON DEVISADERO ST.
$1400— LOTS ON CASTRO 8T. . .
$1400— LOTS ON CASTRO ST. '
$1400— LOTS ON CA5TRO ST.
Just think, lots only 2 blocks from Haight
and Devisadero .sts., , at $1400 and $1700;
streets bltuminlzed and accepted by city:
granite curbs, sewers laid; charming views of
the city and bay; within a stone's throw of
Duboce and Butna Vista parks; elegant im-
provements now being erected on block; sur-^
rounding8 exceptionally <ine. -
See these at once, as they are selling rapidly.
31 LOTS ALREADY SOLD.
LYON & HOAG, • -
116 MONTGOMERY ST. , „• v :
HAIGHT .ST. LOTS.
WALLER ST. - LOTS. »•
ASHBURY ST. LOTS.
CLAYTON ST. LOTS.
11 LOTS SOLD* ALREADY.'
LOTS FOR BUSINESS • *
'LOTS FOR RESIDENCES.
- LOTS FOR FLATS. :
, LOTS FOR INVESTMENT. -
- ' •
- ___ t
Go Immediately and see the block 'bounded by
above streets; it is the last Panhandle block
to be subdivided; all the streets are accepted
and stone walks are laid. - T .' ¦
The lota will be sold In sizes to suit on easy
terms if desired. : The prices placed on the
property are extremely low and when this
block is sold can never be obtained again.
We ask you to. Joak a t,th< rapid .growth JHaight
st. in 'this nefghborhbodThas lately iniule. See
. the new stores all rented^. 'There Is a strong
demand . for more. ' Buy . a ' lot, corner or ln-
side, build stores and flats. It will pay big
interest ' and - increase In value. Lots. on the
other streets are hlgh-cjass^ residence loU
..and will' prove good Investment's."'- No prop-
erty In the city, will pay as .well when Im-
proved. J
It win pay you to go out to the block to-day
and secure your choice.'
LYON & HOAG. ' •
119 MONTGOMERY ST.
_ . . . . .
HOAO ft LANSDALE, .
108 Montgomery st
See Fifth and Sixth aves., against the Prestdlo
. wall;. grading ia done and bitumen street
work being completed; no flats. Secure
your choice in thia beautiful property.
Cheap— Mission cottage, on Bryant ave.. near
21th st; 6 rooms; lot 26x100; only $1850.
$2300— Hill st; 4 room cottage; lot 25x114.
Rents $.S0; price $7500; pays 14 per cent; corne-
- lot. soujth of Market at.. 45 feet frontage;
a great bargain. '
• PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Splendid marine view; brick residence; entire
gound floor paneled in mahogany; for par-
ticulars call at office. '¦¦ *
¦ PINE. NEAR POWELL. \V
Four n»w flats renting for $183 per month; a
good, safe Investment; price 122,300.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Northeast corner on Minna st.; lot. 25x00 feet; I
store and flats; rents $52 per month: price
$6000. ¦ ¦ . - ¦ r- .
FINE MARINE VIEW.
Lot on ' Broadway, near Baker st ; size 35x
137:6; price $8750.
/r VALLEJO-ST. FLATS.
Between Hyde and Leavenworth; lot 27:«x
• 137:6 feet; 3 modern fiats of 6 rooms each;
' rent $1100 per annum; price $10,000.
Send for our list of lots in all parts of the
city. ¦ ¦'.«-¦'.¦
HOAG A" LANSDALE, -
"¦";-¦' ; 10S Montgomery st i- ¦ -"- ¦"
HAWKS & SKELTON. '
Rents .Collected and Entire Charge Taken ot
• _ ' Property. s>^jgaiiiH|
$12,500 — Three new flats near Haight and Ash-
bury; modern every way; 6 rooms each;
mortgage - $6000- at 6 per cent can re-
main: rents $1200. . .-, .
$10,000 — North side - Jackson," near Buchanan;
good house of 8 rooms and 2 baths; lot
'.•.'- 35x117, to reax street .
$8,500— North side of - Vallejo, near Polk;
' ¦ good house of 10 rooms; cost $12,000 to;
build; may be altered to fiats profitably; !
• ' very flne view of bay; lot 45x170. .
$13,500 — Fine house; Leavenworth, ' near Clay;
: 9 rooms and bath; laundry in basement:
building In first-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$18,000^-Lot Larkln. between Chestnut and
Francisco; '55x137:6; fine view of bay
> assured forever.
$8,000— NE. corner Larkin and Lombard:
29:6x110; has superb view of bay; street
' work all' done; neighborhood growing
* ast * HKBBKb»Ms](MH^H ¦'¦
$5,400 — Inside ;lots "adjoining : above;' 27x110;
; , Hyde st. cars close by.
¦$7,000— Lot SW. corner' Larkln and Lombard;
25x105; flne N view > of Golden Gate from
¦BesWsS side and rear. - '"W^MH
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
; . OSCAR HETMAX, H POST ST. . — .
SIXTH STREET- INVESTMENT.
, $20,000— Fine Income property; lnr first-class
condition; /lot 30x85. on Sixth st. with 25x75
ft v on * Harriet s tvmggMfiM
> " .RICHMOND FLAT8."
$5000—2 new flats;«only. built 1 year; well
rented and la - first. class - locality.
FRANCISCO AND DUPGNT STS. •
-$1COO— Fine lot: -30x70. - - ; -
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
. 'At a sacrifice; S rooms.- well. finished; house
with ' finished basement andNattic; > east - and
west , exposure; ; close to all car lines; 'easy
terms if. desired. SSBlBMHHRHBB
-" OSCAR I HEYMAN. . 14 Post"; st
. Also . Office of ; Jacob Heyman Co. ;
$ll,000i-SIX flats, 'near Goush and Market
.-- sta.v running through ;to rear st
$15,500— McAllister St.. near Laguna;'' stores'
- -- and flats; above lot 43x137:6: 70 feet va-
$1,500— 9 'flats, 4 W. 'A.: rented low for $1400
per annum; never. idle; lot worth $8500;
{ •'•- ..'-'. lot 50x120. .-
$5.150— Bargain; v 2 modern .flats, ; 5 and'6 r.
and;baths; btilldins cost $4500.. . .
- $5.750— Corner ;¦ cheapest In -'W, A.; Webster
£- ! --tt-«»near-Sutter:'flats and cottage. •¦' •• -
- $700— Bargain; make .offer; cost $1200; near
, - Mission'st-"--- - '--' * ¦¦< L ¦ '¦¦¦'-¦ ¦ i. *
s - : P. \V. MORRIBSE Y. ¦ 630 Market * st.
DO YOU ,WANT.TO. MAKE MONEY? .
¦ "Buy^a lot ' In ¦ the ' city of -Richmond, Just
, across ;¦ the - bay, where \ the , Standard Oil
• • Company."- Santa < Fe Railroad and other « big
-corporations are spending millions of dollars '
- • r, LOTS -ONLY. $5 i PER MONTH.
Call - for mansr- free. - •; '. - •• ? ¦ .: -. .- ¦ -,,; 1. - . .
.Richmond Land Contpany, Crocker bldg.'8.JV
i BEAX ESTATS— CITT— rOB SALE.
V ' SPECK & f CO.. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
{Selling. , 2Wi » Montgomery ¦ st. : Insurance.
I Leastiiiir. tBSSItaBBBP' Rents' colleuttd.
,'t >-«.;»uu — Splendid- corner; 45xSo; vicinity 24
l|M90k' and Mission; old impiuverr.ents: une.v-
l called- location 1 ior modera ulructure.
J523.5O0 — uoxS7:o; Post ,«H. ; ~«--y lot to Larkin
! st: old Improvements « per ce.it
• ! ¦ - n 1 1 m'«iiih*iiiiiiiiu "j|Q3 ruj
i £&.0o*— x- me *3-ft. .corner north of and within
I, . ; 2- blocks. of Market St.. with » n ow
i . -flats;, rented" tor., •¦52CSD;'. banU
•} / ¦ mortgage can reniatn;vpays over 1U p«»r
1 .cent net >: '¦ ¦¦-'
$18,000 — splendid SO-ft. busrncits corn.r on
1 > Devisadero st.. soutn of Geary; S13H';
income. .
$13,000 — >**• WeaU-rn Addition (Jits; \i
I -¦ lOv: ail rented for $1V> a month; lluuw;
I' bank mortgage can remain ; N a great
1 ¦ bargain.
$14,0110 — J e»e.»ant new modern flata; tleslrabla
. .part ot Westsro -Addition; 3-'!-£t. lot-
; rents $1440 yearly; want an offer.
' $13,500— Fine south of Market-* u bialneaa
! corner on Folaom st., cl^»» Jn, with
good -lmprovemenw; incuoi* $12Utt; ut
- 25x00. ' "
I $12.000 — lx>t 4l:tal37:R. with flne improve-
1 ments; on Pine at., close to Buchanan;
! V rents $1020 y«ar.
1 $12,000-^-Downtown business property; vicinity
• ' "Washington ah«l Montaora»ry srts. ; »ui>-
, I ' ' stanttal brick improvements; lnt has 2
* .' frontazes; rents for #)OH. .
$11,250— 3 Western Addition flats within few
' blocks of City Hill: 25-ft rot and rent-
ing tor $12tiO; $7000 bank mortgage can
t ¦ remain. «. ."
j $9,850 — KpienUld . new Western Addition fiats;
1 25-ft. lot; rented'for $1110; a g-wd buy.
! $4.500— South of Market. st Investment, pay-
: insr 17 Der cent net; flats; 25-ft. lot; a
I splendid Investment.*.
I $2,250 — A pretty new cottage In. the Mission;
S rooms and bath; lnt 25x100. ' . .
. •- . CHOICE LOTS.T _ •
128,000 — Superb SE. corner.'. 137 -.8x137:8; ftn-
.est residence site In., the city; unsur.
passed marine view. . . .
$13.500— Fine lot on 11th st. "near Folsorr.;
i 5Ox20O; make offer. . - ' ' "V
$S.750 — 60x137 :«: splendid residence site; Pa-
. clflc Heights ; north side of street.
! $4.5CO — Splendidly located lot; BO-ft front-
! . age: vicinity California st and 2d av«. ;
I price reduced tor quick sale; cheap. .
' $1,500 each for very choice lots in Richmond
; , .District, close 'to main entrance Golden
¦ Gate Park: on -four car lines; nothing
, j better in vicinity.' ' ..
1 Several large tracts at low prices in. the Rieh-
; mond District; particulars upon appll-
1 cation. V ¦ ..-
\ - r SPECK & CO.. 209 Montgomery st,
I • Opp. Mills building.
.-; "s-- CALIFORNIA ' . . .
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
• *. 410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILD LNG TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS H» HAY- ;
WARD BUILDING..
. CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
NO TITLE INSURANCE POLICT Is issued
by the Cal. Title Insurance an4 Trust Co.
whfch Is not preceded by the most searching
investigation of- ift>t only the . of floial records.
but of o'-r own records, after which, the. title
: is passed -upon by the law department : if It Is
j valid a Dollcy • Is Issued, and when lfsued is
backed up by- the entire capital of. the corpo-
ration. It Is swift. • safe and protect* against
I loss. •¦•;¦•• . ¦ .,.;>
V THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
"SURANCE COMPANY havin* a complete lb_
• cality plant or copy of the real estate, records.
' constructed, especially for lnnurlnx real ¦ estate
I titles like modern plants of New York. Boston,
¦' Chicago- and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted, un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS -AND TRUSTEES;
WILLIAM ALYORD.
'President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP. ¦ -
Vice- Prea. .Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE,
Ot Balfour, Gut arie & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS, •
President California Optical Co.
IP. N. LILIENTHAL, .
Manager Anglo-Caltfornian Bank.
i WARREN OLNEY.
Oln«y 8c Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
. CHARLES PAGE.
Page, McCutchea & Knight. AtVys,
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal? Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING. . , .
' Capitalist. KO California st.
' "CM. WOOSTER CO., «M3 Market st.
' i $35.000 — 24 modern flat*f baths, wood man-
¦ j tels, etc.; in the beat of condition; flne plumb-
, : ing, good roofs, foundations, etc. : ranted to
( 1 superior class of tenants for $3G0O; on 7th
! st: lot loo-foot front. :
. $4250 — North si.Je ' Natoma 'st,,' ' rwiac rtih; 2
. flats. 4 rooms . and . rear house;- rents $4tt8; lot
: 25x75; a few dollars spent. on painting, etc..
; ! would 'sell this property, for a big advance.
$7500— Corner . near. 5th and Folsom; 9
flats; renu $1088; -lot 45x30; Investigate this
at once. .
$3000 — Handsome cottage of 5 rooms; high
basement, etc: on Fair Oaks at, near 23d;
the heart of the Mission warm, belt; large lot.
30:6x115; street bituroinlzed.
• I "* . ,
$7o6o — I well-built flats, 4-5 rooms; alway*
rented; pays |S16; lot 35x115; on Capp »t.
$8000—6 modern flats of the class that al-
- ways rent; on Buchanan st: 4 and 5 rooms
and bath; rented very low for $870; 8 years
old: brick foundation: raise the rent and the
property win easily sell for $10,000.
• $800©— .Three 6-room houses In the very best
condition; on Bernard st, .near Taylor; rents
$504; lot 47:2 feet front
¦ $8500— Rents $9tifi; 7 well-built flats to «•
eel lent condition; on the east stdo. of Harriet
st.; the rear of this lot Jolna the rear of th*
6th-at. frontage: large lot 50x75.
C.M, WOOSTER CO.. 643 Market at.
" LANDGREBE, MacNBVTN & JONXs!
. 334 Bush et, between- Kearny and Montgomery.
$23,600— Six swell, up-to-date flats on a south-
west corner six blocks from Market at,
¦ rented st $233 per month: worth laves*
tlgatmg.. . ..
$20,000 — A magnificept northeast corner on
• - California at. Inside of Flllmor* »t. ;
Improved with - three handsome two-
story and basement bay-window houses
of eight rooms and bath each; rented ex-
tremely low at $1590 per annum. -
$16,500— Best buy in the market; O'Farrell -st.
near. Laguna; two twelve-room houses
.with exceptionally large lot. 53x120 ft.
with two frontages; bank mortgage of
. $11,000 at 6 per cent can remain.
$14,500 — Rent $1620 per annum; five flats, mod-
• era in every respect; large lot, 2ttxl2O- ft..
with two frontagea.
$12,000—50x137:6 ft*, on Post st. Inside •«
.Webster; Improved with two two-story
and basement houses, containing nlna
largo , rooms' and bath each;' tot alone
• worth the asking price; eee thia at oace.
$0,750 — Corner opposite Alamo Square, - with
_- -¦ two flats; lot 27:8x110 f t - ¦
' $9,000 — Bush st.. near Laguna st;- two .two-
story houses of 8-9 rooms and bath la
elegant condition; all new plumbing:
- rented for $960 per annum; tenants pay
water bills: lot 37:6x137:8 ft.'
LANDGREBE, MacNEVIN A JONES.
334 Buth Jt. between Kearny and Montgomery.
FOR SALE— Ideal homes on Ashbury Heights;
grand view; select neighborhood; houses are
built right; prices low; terms easy; -If you
I are looking for an up to date, swell home.
. take a . look at these: open 'for Inspection
every, day. J. STIERLEN. owner and build -
' er. on premises. 853 to S57 Clayton st. Ma-
sonic ave.. car to Carl and. Clayton «ts.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
• v . • NO INTEREST.
¦ ¦' Choicest lots In -- the ' ExeeTstor Homestead
Tract;- level aa a billiard table?' on street
grade; close to fine school: not far from the
' Mlsslon-st electric cars; secure one as an
• Investment and by the time it Is paid for It
I will . have • doubled in value the 'way prices
have advanced 'during the past year; 'buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly growing section. : -• '-i '.
. W. J. WHITE. . '¦
26 Montgomery st, r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
GET in now; bottom prices; Corbin station,
"West Berkeley. . to be made terminus We»t
Berkeley local; cheap lots; trams every half
hour; $3 per ma , commutation .tickets. 5c
each way: 50 minutes from San Franct9co;
- enly $5. per mo. upon each lot; buy* lot In
Home Park Tract; double your money; sta-
tion on ground, surrounded by residences &
factories. J:'W. LAYMANCE.' 632 Market
r.10. or agent on ground. 10 to 5 p. m. \
WHY NOT BUILD
on that vacant lot of yours? r -We loan full
cost of . improvements and part lot at ft • per
. cent:' plans furnished if desired:' See us.
v MANHATTAN LOA>« CO.. Crocker* b>dg.
FOR ¦nale— Fine cottace, five rooms and bath,
nigh basement; cheap. 279 Jersey, near Noe;
1 inquire next door. 283. ' , L .;
! $4250— ASHBURY »t. lot; grand view;, bar-
! ¦-¦¦ gain. - - 1072 Folsom »t> .-.
I LOT. . 25x125, - east line of Dolores at., near
I Twenty-sixth; $1250. Apply 5S3 ValencU <t
J LIBERTY st. near Guerrero; residence worth
. $4000; s*ll for less. , Box .4379, Call ofnee. -
$2700— NEW. modern.' a-room house, i>igh base-
v - ment Inquire rear 370 JSth ave. v Uicltmgnd.
'• FOU sale cheap, fine, 5-room cottage and bath,
j *-,1302.Sanchea, bet. Army and : Twenty-sixth.
I TWO new " flata. 5. « vcom« ; 'renteil $«70 per
; .:., annum. '-410 Kearny »t:. room 0.
HAVE cash customer for 2 fiats; Western Ad-
1 dltlon; net over. $6000. 410 Kearny at... r, 9. *
¦COTTAGE for. sale: 6 rooms, bath and ba.it-
meat. Apply S3 Cumberland st' -THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1904.
41
ALAMEDA ¦ADYERT'S'M'TS.
AZ.AMESA REAI. ZBTATE.
BARGAINS in ALAMEDA RKAL ESTATE.
WE OFFER EXCEPTIONAL VALUES.
Our prices the lowest, our terms the best.
Blr bargains offered this week.
Easy terms. .. Better than' paying rent.
$S00 — Fine 50-ft. corner lot; a snap.
?*0O — Lot £2x150; a great bargain.
Sir.HO — 5-room cottage very cheap; fine location.
$2250 — 6-room 2-story house; lot 33x159.
?1SIW — 4-Tcom cottate; lot 33x159; fruit and
flowers. v
J"."i00 — Fine 5-room cottage; near trains and
schools.
$2750 — »i-rocm cottage; San Jose ave.: a bar-
gain. . , •
$3fiOO — 7-room colonial home; modern; cheap.
J4."00— 8-room colonial house; lot 60x150.
$5000— Elegant corner lot. together with 8-
room modern hcuse.
SEE OUR .BARGAINS.
Look at the beautiful new C-room cottages
w« are building, only $22*0 and $2500; you
cannot afford to allow this opportunity to
pass.'
HOUSES AND LOTS AT ALL PRICES..
See our homes. Get our prices. Be convinced.
Cannot be duplicated. Every one a bargain.
Houses buUt, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. .
1500 Park «t., Alameda. ¦
HALLY & CO.
CHEAP- Good 2-story cottage; 4 rooms up-
stairs and 3 rooms downstairs; good lot;
all street work done: near oenter of town
and electric car line; terms can be had.
•««v .« A BARGAIN.
$2500— Fine modern 7-room cottage; high base-
m-nt; lot 50x150. with barn; street work
complete; cement sidewalks.
NOTICE THIS.
GREAT SNAP.
$2750— Modern 7-room. 2-story house: furnished;
elegant condition; just vacated by owner;
located In center of town, near railroad
station; house worth the money alone.
HALLY & CO.. 2315 Santa Clara ave.,Alam«da,
Phone Alameda 105.
HALLY & CO.
A GOOD BUY.
Two-«tory modern 7-room house, in cen-
ter of town, near railroad stations; lot 30x
1C8; can be bought at a bargain.
$2000 — 6-room cottage on Sherman St.;
modern; lot 33x150; must be sold. .
$_5C0— 6-room house; lot. 50x150; San Jose
ave.: elegant buy.
$G500 — Good profitable business, together
with improvements and land.
1 Look out for our auction sale of choice
properties soon.
HALLY & CO..
2315 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
Phone Alameda 106.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY.
• Thirty lots from $10 to $16 per front foot;
five minutes from Flfth-st. station; $50 down,
balance easy terms.
|
Homes from $1000 up, on terms; must be
seen to be appreciated.
FOR EXCHANGE.
A fine 7-room house, modern, for Ban Fran-
cisco prooerty.
FOR SALE.
Modern 5-room cottage: lot 35x132; between
stations on narrow and broad gauge; $2100;
only one-fifth cash, balance on terms.
New 5-room cottage: lot 37x100; fine garden;
$1C5O; one-fifth cash, balance on terms.
One-story and basement cottage; upper flat
pays investment.
A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster St.. Alameda,
or
C. A. POMEROY. 11 Montgomery St., Ban
Francisco.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY,
IF YOU WANT TO RENT. SEE US.
WE HAVE WHAT YOU WANT. A FEW
EXCELENT BUYS FOR THIS WEEK.
$1500 — Nice 4-room cottage: fine plumbing;
tot and cold water: sunny side of street; lot
40x123.
J2000— Swell, new B-room cottage In course
of construction; $300 down, balance same aa
rent.
$3ttX) — Cottage of 6 rooms on San Jose ave.:
60- foot lot.
$5500 — Almost new; modern home of ' 11
rooms; San Jose ave., near Willow st.; lot
6Oxl5O: lawn, beautiful flowers.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Agents,
1422 Park st.
Office open to-day.
BEAUTIFUL home on Sherman St.; built at
a cost of S15.000: modern In all respects;
hardwood floor; bllllard-room, splendid par-
lors, reception and smoking parlor. 2 bath-
rooms; electric wiring throughout the entire
house; 5 large chambers, servants' room,
laundry and storage-room, library; lot 75x
150; choice trees and flowers; west side of
Sherman St., the choicest street In Alameda-
sunny all day and fine view of San Francisco
Bay; only $13,000.
6-room cottage, Buena Vista ave.; $1300.
6-room cottiyre. Fountain st. ; $1500.
6-room cottage, Lincoln ave\; $2500.
Large lot, Sherman st., near the bay, 75x150
Chcice lot on Central ave.. near Willow: $1850.
E. D. JUDD CO..
1424 Park st., Alameda.
J125O— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; Aot 60x150; near
school and station.
$1350 — Cottage, 6 rooms; lot 40x100.
$1600 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements: lot 26x125.
$2000 — Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; near Park
St.; lot 50x116.
$3250 — In course of construction, cottage, six
rooms; reception hall; high basement,
cement flooring; lot 42:6x135; terms $500
cash, balance installments.
We build on installments to suit, furnish
plans and give estimates free.
WM. DUFOUR & CO.,
2326 Santa Clara ave..
Near Park st., Alameda, Cal.
$1500— MODERN <4-room cottage; high base-
ment: bath and laundry; $250 cash, bal-
ance $15 per month.
Two choice building lots, 34x135; sunny side;
all street work done; fine location; $500 each;
$50 cash, balance $10 per month.
HAWKS 4: MEHRTENS.
Seventh st. and Railroad ave., Alameda.
FOR sale — New 6-room cottage; lot 60x108; ;
new house, 8 rooms; lot 60x150; cottage of
5 rooms; lot 55x100; price $1800.
J. H. YOUNG.
1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
. _ BEBgEItEY REATj ESTATE.
A BIG FIRE IN BERKELEY.
NOW IS TUB TIME -TO BUY.
Are you going to purchase one of thoee beau-
tiful lots fronting on Channlng. Piedmont
or Durant aves.? If ao do it Immedi-
ately, as they are going fast. For prices
and further Information apply at this
office.
A magnificent building site overlooking the
bay. In the Daley Scenio Tract 80x144
This Is an exceptional offer for $6000
$3000 — New 6-room house; nea r the Santa' Fe
depot; street work, etc, complete; only
$500 down. _ „
$8000— An exceedingly nice home in rural
..^« North Berkelcv : w «» worth investigating.
$4000— Almost new 8-room house; modern
plumbing; barn; lot 100x135; only one
block from the electric cars.
$4800— A modern 8-room house, east of Collera
a> Iu- near -^wlght way; lot 45x135. This
will stand inspection.
JUSTER Sz BAIRD. 2187 Shattuck ave
"WE SELL THE EARTH."
A FEW OF OUR BARGAINS!
Splendid 9-room new house, close in* will
rent for more than 1 per cent a month '
Elegant 8-room residence in the Berry-Banea
Tract: cheap.
A Bnap also in a Berry-Bangs lot.
A real bargain In a house in the Rlllerass
Tract and one on Durant ave.
A 6-room house and a C-room cottage on very
easy terms; both nice.
Some cheap lots close In. Some bargains
that we do not advertise; we are keeping them
under our hat. Come and see us.
LYMAN ALLEN,
I 2129 CENTER ST.
$900— THREE-ROOM cottage. ~~
$1200 — Four and 6 rooms.
$1300 — Four rooms.
51400 — Four rooms. .
And .up to any price; some very close to sta-
tion. -¦•<¦¦¦ ,
$250. $360. ' $400, $600 — Lots according to lo-
cation; property all over Berkeley, Oakland
or this side of . the bay. .
MURDOCK & CO., South. Berkeley (Lorin);
phone Derby 896. . , Open Sundays. - : .
Falrvlew Park;'glrded by electric carllne;
all lots 50 feet frontage; all street .work done;
very choice property; very reasonable prices
and can be bought on very reasonable terms.
JOS. J. MASON,. REAL ESTATE, : •
8. E. Corner Center st. :ai-d Shattuck ave.
1 — — 1
$1350 WILL buy a 60-foot lot •¦ on University 1
ave., walking distance of 'Berkeley, station. ¦¦- '<
$U1D — A $3900. 10-room house; lot 60x135;
close to steam and .- electric • cars. ¦- ,
S. S. QUACKENBUSH,
2136 Center -St., .
• : Berkeley, Cal.
GRAND opportunity: city rand country life
combined; new 7-room house, all modern-Im-
provements: 16 ' minutes' ; walk .<- from . North '
Berkeley -" station • high ground, * fine * view, :
cheap. i'.'B.TA. BERRY * CO.;: Postofflce .
block,. Berkeley,]gjMSjnBMMnMskAM« '
BEBKELEY ADVERTWTS
BER .KEL1S Y ; REA^ . ESTATB.
AMONG THE BEST ' BUYS IN BERKELEY.
$1500 — House 6 rooms, bath; -well, windmill and
tank; lot 40x130; street work done; cash
$300 and easy Installments. (1918.)
$2500— New cottage; 6 rooms, bath, etc. ; high
basement; electric light; lot 40x135; street
work and cement walks done; cash $300,
balance like rent. (1943.)
$3200 — Commodious residence; 8 large rooms,
sewing-room, laundry, 2 toilets; lot 52x
100; fine corner on Grove St.. near Dwlght
way station and high school. (1S59.)
$3800— Modern 2-otory house, 7 rooms, hall,
bath, etc.; up-to-date throughout; finely
located on comer on Telegraph ave. (1941.)
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
Open Sundays. Carriage in attendance.
A choice building lot, 77x227, near the Berry-
Bangs Tract; $1500.
A lovely 6-room house, near Key Route sta-
tion; new and complete; $3500.
A pretty bungalow In the bills; $3800.
A fine house of 9 rooms; fine grounds and
stable; one block from Key Route; $7000. y
A good Investment; new bouse: in fine part
of town; rented for $66 per month; $6500.
HOPKINS TERRACEJ.
The cheapest choice property. In Alameda
County; very fine view; street work all done;
easy terms.
FEW CHOICE LOTS YET FOR SALE IN
McGEE TRACT. BERKELEY. IDEAL
PLACE FOR HOMES. BUY A HOME NOW
AND BETTER YOUR FUTURE '
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO.,
708 Market st., San Francisco, rooms 604-5.
BARGAIN — New 8-room, 2-story house; porce-
lain bath: city water; gas and electric lights;
mantel, folding doors, china closet; desk
built in library; refrigerator and cooling
closet; lot 45x100; street work and sidewalk
done; also cement coping, lawn. etc. ; price
$3500; terms, $600 cash, balance , $30 per
month;- close to university and. station Key
Route and S. P. R. R. Open Sundays.
. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — Must be -sold to-day; 6-room cot-''
tage; bath, pantry, stationary tubs, barn;
lot 80x120; close to station, school, church
and store; price $1250; terms $160 cash, bal-
ance $16 monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin
Station, 8outh Berkeley. Open 8unday.
$2000— NICE 6-room home; beet value for the
least money. Just think of ltl A good house,
with basement; lot 50x135; pretty garden;
south frontage; street woVk complete; ce-
ment walk; handy to all cars, including Key
Route; this home cost over $3000; don't
miss this bargain, because it is probably
Just what you want, especially if you must
be within 30 minutes of San Francieco
C. C. EMSLIE. / •
Real Estate. Ashby Station.
ALBEE & CORYELL,
Real Estate and Insurance. /
$3150 — 6-room house; west frontage* good
location; must be eold by Nov. 1; a snap.
$3250 buys a nice 6-room house; new;
leased by year; pays 9 per cent net
Splendid business properties paying from
6 per cent net ud.
NICE_HOMES ON EASY PAYMENTS.
Some fine building lots, $200 cash, balance
$20 a month; prices from $900 up.
to loan" for rent '" ren t» collected, money
ALBEB A CORYELL. 2159 Center St.
BERKELEY. THE HOME OF LEARNING.
Offers more Inducements to the homeseeker
and Investor than any other suburb of San
Francisco. Como over and verify these facts.
We- have a large list of choice residence and
Income producing properties which we will
gladly submit for your consideration.
Call on or address
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.,
(Open To-day.)
2149 Center st.
$2100— $200 CASH, balance $20 per month, in-
cluding interest; 6 large rooms, fine mantel,
stationary tubs, high basement; 2 blocks to 2
trains; sunny side of street; cement walks:
street work all done.
Want to exchange fine piece of property In
Castro Valley for Berkeley residence of 7 or 8
rooms and nil modern improvements.
W. C. MORAN.
(Lorin) South Berkeley.
$600 for lots one block from Key Route; street
work done; sidewalks down: fifth cash. 1
$760 for large lots in the Berkeley hills; street
work done; one block from cars; only few
left at this price.
$3150 — New. modern house 6 rooma; corner lot;
3 blocks from Key Route; $800 cash.
$15C0— Cottage 6 rooms; 1 block from Key
Route; a snap. .-
HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 8217 Adeline St..
South Berkeley. •
City Office, 11 Montgomery st.
R. A. BERRY t CO.
J3000— «-room house; ahnost new; near college,
car line; street work done; a good home in
best part of Berkeley.
$6000 — 11-room house;* Durant ave.; close to
college.
$S500 — 600 feet on College ave. for sale.
Houses, furnished or unfurnished, for rent.
R. A. BERRY & CO..
P. O. Block, Berkeley, Cal.
$5000 — Beautiful cottage, 9 rooms; large stable;
lot 100x135; ornamental and fruit trees; 1000
square feet of lawn; close to Key route.
HEDEMARK & JACK CO.. 3217 Adeline
St.. So. Berkeley; city office. 11 Montgomery.
FOR sale — New 6-room cottage; electric light,
gas. hot and cold water, bath; all furnished;
$2S00; $1400 fash, balance easy. Address
2134 Ward st., Dwlght way station, Berkeley.
FOR sale — Two 7-room houses; new and de-
sirable; one a corner; choice location; near
station and cars; must sell at once. For par-
tlculars. call 1925 Vine at.
BEB-ELEY HOTTSES TO LET.
FOR rent— In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, house of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
storeroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berryman station, 5 blocks from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university 2025
Virginia St.. between Shattuck and Mllvla;
newly painted and papered throughout: rent
$35; will not be rented to tenants who let
housekeeping room?. Apply 26 Montgomery
St., room 8, San Francisco, or LITTLE &
WOOLSEY, 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
FOR rent — 19-room house; only four blocks
from university buildings: best location In
town; $75 a month. MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opp. Berkeley station.
BEBKEI.EY BOOMS AMD BOABP.
FURNISHED room, with board. 1630 Woolsey
nt., Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
FrtUITYALE ADVEBT ? S'TS
ELROD & HULL.
$1700 — A new house of 4 large rooms: high
basement; hot and cold water: bath: pantry;
1 block from. local station; requires $375 cash,
balance same as rent.
11 — $1900 — 4-room house; hot and cold water;
high basement; stationary washtubs in base-
ment; : good barn; some chicken houses; some
fruit: nlceflower garden; lot 55x177; this place
is 3 blocks from local station; terms $250 cash,
balance same as rent; flat loan. .
.4— $1650— A new house of 5 large rooms. Just
completed; bath; pantry: stationary washtrays;
half block to car line; 10 minutes' walk from 1
local station; lot 35x115; come and see this
new home. ¦ ¦ . .",-.«
0 — $1)50 — A cottage of 4 rooms: well of fine 1
water; 3 blocks from car/line; lot 50x150; easy
terms if desired; more land adjoining can be
purchased cheap.
• 6 — $1000^ — A 2-room cheap house; fruit of all
kinds; fine well of water: lot 100x100.
7 — $2000 — A 4-room houise: bath: pantry:
high basement; city water: all kinds of fruit
and flowers; lot 50x120; 3 blocks from car line;
10 minutes' walk to local station; easy terms;
dor.'t fail to see this property if interested.
1— $3000 — A 6-room house, with bath, pantry,
hot and cold water; gas and electricity In
house; electricity wired to barn and chicken
nouses: full-bearing fruit on the place: flowers
in abundance: 2 blocks from Frultvale ave.
car line and .fine school; requires ¦ $500 cash,
balance same as rent. . -• '
: ELROD & HULL, . 1310 Frultvale ave.
4 ACRES fruit and view;, a snap; $2000.
•3^acres level land near car. line; $1760.
86x145 ; Irregular lot ; close In ; $500.
130x145; 5 minutes' .walk to local; $1300.
50x150; new 2-story house: 7 rooms axd bath;
3 blocks from Postoffice: $3000; $000 down.
-80x150; house of- 0 rooms; on avenue: price
$1500; $500 down, balance $12 CO per month.
: 100 bargains In the Real Estate Index. Send
for it; it's free. JUDStfN & CO... Fruitvale.
$1200 — COZY cottage, 4 nice rooms; one-half
block ¦ from Fruitvale ? ave. -car line; lot
50x140; terms, part cash, bal.-bank . loan.
$1050 — Cottage, 4 rooms., bath; ga*city water
and ¦ sewer; lot 38x125; 4 blocks from
station; 2 blocks from school and car line*
W. E RUDELL,
, Cor. Frultvale ave. ; and Washington st. . •
~ SPECIAL ~~~ ~
.FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.-
• "• The terminus of 6-cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets, graded, and'r graveled;, stone sidewalks-
depot, on tract; lots from $C0 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per. month; 15. blocks to local
train ; s best located - property on . San , Leandro
road : ¦ graded school , on tract. - Apply to S. 3.
AUSTIN, 1101 Twenty- third ave.. Oakland.
4 ACRES fruit and Tlew.'r . * /; -
. $2000 — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; large lot;
V v, close in; must be sold; reduced- to $1900.
•' 100 propositions >. In Frultvale real • estate.
A Index— send ; for It; ¦ It's free.* • v - > <.; : • • - . , , . • ¦
. JUDSON & CU, Frultvale.
Phone Vale 290.
BEBKELEY ADYERT'S'NTS
BEB-ELEY BEAT. ESTATE.
A SOUND AKUUMENT.
It Is false economy to
Put your money out at 6 per cent
Or even 8 per cent, when you are paying
Your landlord from 12 to 18 per cent
On HIS Investment for rent.
Reverse tho situation and be - ,
Your own landlord. Savo the
Difference, multiply the earnings
Of your money by 2 and YOURSELF
Oain the enhancement of value. . •
Of your HOME. v V'
A HOME IN BERKELEY.
35 minutes and a 5-cent fare
To the city. *
Add to tbe magnificent schools
And SDle-ndld ALL YEAR ROUND CLIMATE
A thousand other good reasons.
THINK ABOUT IT!
The McGee Tract la being
Snapped up very fast.
A Large List of Good Things.
FRANCIS FERRIEi:,
. ¦>. 2121 Shattuck ave.,
. . At the Key Route Terminus.
CHENEY & CO.
BUY, SELL AND EXCHANGES.
PROPERTY CARED FOR.
A SPECIALTY OF BUILDING HOUSES
ON INSTALLMENTS.
$3500 — 8-room. up-to-date house: corner lot,
43x100; street work complete; lawn In; good
view. • > .
$2600 — 6-room, artistic bouse; lot 60x180;
Just finishing.
A tnap— East of Telegraph ave., 100x120;
$2000; see this.
$800^ — Another snsp: 40x260, on Dwlght way,
running through to Blake St., on McGee.
$3000 — 50x100; cor. of Warring and Chan-
ning way.
Cheap lots In West Berkeley and other lo-
calities on easy Installments; small payment
down.
FACTORY SITES IN WEST BERKELEY.'
CHENEY St. CO..
Temporary quarters at' room 12, University
Savings Bank building.
$8000— FINE piece of property for sale cheap;
n«ar Key route depot; house of 7 rooms,
all up to date; lot 100x130; coma and
see It
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. j
2123 Center st.. Berkeley Station.. '
$4500— 10-ROOM house. large lot, fully' im-
proved; good location; a bargain.
W. J. MORTIMER Sc. CO..
2123 Center st.. Berkeley Station.
$3300— A BARGAIN for a quick buyer; a good
•"-room house; all modern conveniences;
large lot. with barn; property situated
on Grove st. ; terms, $200 cash and easy
monthly payments.*
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center St., Berkeley Station.
SEE our special buys In lots in the Hopkins
Terrace. Wheeler Tract, Daley's Scenic Park
and Berry-Banns Tract. Send for map.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
2123 Center St.. Berkeley Station.
A FEW OF OUR BARGAINS.
$1000^ — 1-room cottage, 1 block from cars.
$1800 — Excellent little home of four rooms: '
can easily be made into six-room house: lot
44:0x127:6: $500 down, balance $25 monthly.
$2100 — Five-room house on lot 40x120.
$2300 — Good seven-room house on lot 59x92.
$2600 each — Two extra well built houses near
Lortn.
$2750^ — A very nice house of five rooms on lot
60x150: near Ashby.
$3000 [mys a beautiful six-room house with
nlca yard, flowers, etc.; 45x100 ft. lot.
$3400 — Nice new six -room house, within two
blocks of Berkeley station.
$3500 — Nice six. room house on Walnut St.,
three blocks from Berkeley station.
$4000 — Corner house of seven rooms, almost
new: beautiful view.
$4500 — One of the best eight-room houses In
Berkeley; brand new. ¦
Lots for sale on, every street in Berkeley.
Houses for sale on easiest kind of terms.
Let us give you a good rate on Insurance.
"We. build you a house. We .-collect your rent.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM.
¦ 2123 Center. St., Berkeley. .
BERKELEY.
$650 to $1100 — Lots 50x130; level; bay view;
macadam street: cement walks; 85 . minutes
from San Francisco, Key Route.
$5500 — Special offer for ten days; reduced
$1000; owner wants to leave; 9 rooms; nearly
an acre In fruits; central location; on two
streets.
5 acres, level: can subdivide: good Invest-
ment: first-class location; electric car line.
$7500^ — An elegant 10-room house; large, lot;
central location: cost more; owner must sell;
going to leave: can furnish you with $5000 to
buy this place.
Income business * property, Berkeley; new
corner; earning 12 per cent; Investigate.
For rent — Unfurnished new 6-room flat; sun
In every room; swell; one block from Key
Route station; 80 minutes from S. F. ; $16 50
and water.
ISGRIGG & HARRIS.
Dwlcht way,
NW. Corner Shattuck ave.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
. $2700— New 6-room house; in fine location:
street work, sidewalk and fences all In; this is
a snap. .
$3500 — 6-room house, nicely tinted walls/
good hardware, electric lights, fuel gas; every-
thing about It Is complete; a bargain. .
Are you Interested in lots? If so, we have a
corner on macadamized street for $675; Inside
lots for $450; street work done; others for from
$B50 to $3000; fine locations. We have many
bargains in houses and lots ranging from $2000
upward. Please give us a call and be con-
vinced.
F. H. LAWTON & CO..
Phone Derby 1192. 2147 Center st.
$8760—100 ACRES of orchard and grain land;
2 houses; barn; near Lafayette, Contra
Costa County; will exchange for town
property. ...
$4000 — 8-room cottage and stable; lot 100x135;
on Florence Heights; San Diego; exchange
for Berkeley property.
MILLS, the Real Estate Man. 2167 Shat-
tuck ave.
A BERKELEY BARGAIN. ~
$2750 — The entire furnishings and business
of a 30-room boarding and lodging house In the.
finest location in Berkeley; every room, occu-
pied and business clearing $200 monthly; long
lease; must be sold this week, if at all.
CHAS. E. JOHNSTON,
2131 Center St.,
Berkeley.
$3500— NEW Queen Anne style cottage at 1322
University ave. ; good lot, 200 feet from
Santa Fe station: ¦ electric cars pas's door.
Call at house or MORAN & SWAIN 2131
Shattuck- ave., opp. Berkeley . station.
GOOD speculation; 6 acres in the heart of
Berkeley, $0500; and many other bargains.
J. P. HALE,
1511 Shattuck ave. 2515 Shattuck ave.
Phone Mason 2192. Phone Derby. 1022.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware St.. Berkeley; 8
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms -of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.),
1172 Broadway,' corner Fourteenth St., ., *
* Oakland.
NICE cottage of 7 rooms, pantry, etc.; nicely
arranged; front and side porch; nice lawn
and garden; bargain; departure, 1% blocks
from S. P. and Key Route station. •,
$2500 — Bay- window cottage.' 5 rooms, pan-
, try, . etc. ; hardwood, finish; windmill; 60x
¦ 250: exchange. . - .
$1800 — Cottase of 5 rooms, etc.; barn; good
well; lot 55x100; near station. . ;_-;:.- :
_ $1400— House of 4 rooms; floored basement;
well, chicken -housed 55x133; near station. 1 '--
JOSEPH STRAUB, 030 Market St.. S. F.
$700— AGOOD corner lot, 45x135; 1 block from
Telegraph ave. ::.-
$750— Lot 35x126. on Telegraph ave.
SlOOO-^-Lot , 46x138. . on Telegraph ' av«. '
¦*$1300— Fine corner. 46x125; on car line; close
to station ;' all * on easy terms. . .
LITTLE & WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave..
V . BERKELEY. Cal. #
$150 DOWN.v \ ' ¦¦¦ ¦ .;¦ ¦ . . '
To close, out my. holdings In Golden Gate and
near Ashby station, on the Key route. I will"
-sell lots and build small homes on your own '
plans for only $160 down. r - . , -
M. L. WURTS:& CO.. 1323 Broadway op-
poslte Postofflce. ' /
A GREAT/- BARGAIN, FOR IMMEDIATE
' /> ¦¦-¦•¦ ¦'¦».-. ,-* : ";SALE.V
$1250 — Nearly new cottage, 6 rooma, bath,
etc. ; lot ; 30x110; ; small . cash payment and
balance ¦ in easy monthly - Installments. H D
IRWIN,'. Lorin Station, South Berkeley. Open
Sundays. TtfiOTl Mlnyili^ilftjlK
' 7-ROOM ¦ house; h lot ! 50x135; gas; garden,' fruit
¦'•¦¦¦ trees ; near ; Lortn ' station; ? terms • easy. 1627
Fair vie w at. 4_______S9£^ <
FBUITVALE APVEBT'S'TS
gBUITVALE HEAL ESTATE.
"' FRUITVALE - REAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
Office.* one-half block from Frultvale station.
$1200— Cottage of 4 rooms; high basement;
choloe corner; beautiful view; fine full-bear-
ing orchard; nicely fenced: small barn; close
to street cars and fine graded school; lot lOOx
1-5: fine, place for chickens.
$2250 — Chicken ranch; new house of 5
rooms: chicken-houses and yards; young frott
trees; large fine shade trees: nice creek; fine
location: close to school and street cars; lot
125x200. r
$600 cash— Beautiful home of 4 large rooms;
high basement; concrete foundation; fine well
of water; all set out In small fruits: will
rcak* a~ fine chicken ranch; no cold 'winds or
heavy fogs; nestles at the base of the foot-
bills; street cars, schools, church and post-
offlce close by; fine sandy loam soil: nearly
one acre of ground; price all told, $2000; this
is a snap.
$1250— Nice cottage of 4 rooms; fine well of
mountain water; young fruit trees; all kinds
of small fruits and vegetables; splendid sandy
loam soil; .will make fine chicken ranch: ele-
gant view; no cold winds or fogs; lot 100x245;
close to street cars.
$2100 — Splendid house of 8 rooms and pan*
tries; fine well, also city water; fruit trees
and flowers; all surrounded by a fine picket
and wire fence; lot 100x200.
$1150 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 rooms; high
basement: fine well of splendid water: chick-
en-houses and yards; property nicely fenced;
close to graded school, postofflee and church;
lot 60x100.
$4250— Beautiful home; 2-story house with
6 large rooms, elegant reception hall, large
bath, pantry; artistically finished; stable:
summer- house covered with vines; beautiful
lawn, abundance of flowers, family orchard;
street and sewer work all done; grand view
of foothills and bay; In the heart of town;
one block to electric cars: close to fine school:
lot 70x230; price, all told. $4250, one-half of
which can remain, v
Small payment down and easy monthly pay-
ments can be- made on any of my properties.
Fine lot on Frultvale ave., 40x120, $900.
I Choice corner, 50x125, only $750; street
work done: sewered.
Wn__ SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY PAY-
MENTS.
$75 lota In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only
$75 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per month.
CHAS. F. LEE* 1222 Fruitvale ave.
H. BARKMEYER. 1206 FRUITVALB AVE..
FRUITVALE. CAL,
$100 cash, balance $10 50 per month, will buy
a neat cottage of 3 rooms, hard finished,
pantry, closets; outhouse; flowers, etc.;
city water and sewer connections; fine lo-
cation; 2 short blocks from Frultvale sta-
tion; price all told. $950.
$950 — Reduced ! from $1200; new cottage of 4
rooms, hard finished, porcelain sink, pan-
try and closets: good well and pump on
back porch; lot 50x150; 2 (blocks from elec-
tric car line; this is a bargain; owner Is
anxious to sell.
$1000 — Cottage of 4 rooms, hard finished, pan-
try and closets; city water; lot 25x130; on
macadamized street: half block from car
line; 5 minutes' walk to local train; terms
If desired.
$1300 — New cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
porcelain bath tub; electric light; all con-
nected with sewer and city water; one
block from school and car line; five short
blocks from Frultvale station; terms If de-
sired.
$1200— Cottage of 2 rooms; lot 100x115; planted
In berries; chicken-houses; good well and
pump; one block from car line.
$1700 — New. cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
porcelain tub; electric lights; lot 50x125:
all fenced: one block from graded school
and electric car line; 5 minutes' walk to
Frultvale station; this is a bargain and
must be seen to be appreciated; owner go-
Ing East.
$2000 — Cottage of S large rooms and bath,
porcelain tub, fine mantel and fireplace.
v electric light and fixtures; large pantry
and closets, high basement; lot 37:6x100;
1 block from car line; 10 minutes' walk
to local train; terms, $250 cash, balance
$25 per month. Interest 8 per cent on de-
ferred payments; an opportunity worth
Investigating.
$2300— Modern cottage of D large rooms and
bath, high basement: good sized lot; fine
lawn and flowers; small barn; situated
on Frultvale ave.; 5 minutes" walk from
.local train; owner is anxious to sell; worth.
Investigating. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMEYER, near Frultvale station.
Telephone Brook 1721.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
$2000 — Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms, bath, etc.;
all modern In every particular; poultry-
house, etc.; lot 37:6x100. also more land
can be had if desired; fine and handy lo-
cation; $250 cash down, balance on mort-
gage, small rate of Interest.
$1650 — Colonial cottage-of 4 rooms, bath, large
"attic, etc.: lot 50x100; 2 blocks from local
' station; $150 down; remainder on easy
monthly payments.
$1850 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms, basement,
bath, etc.; fruit trees; chicken-houses;
lot 87:6x105; only 4 blocks from Frult-
vale station: small sum down, balance
same as rent.
$1450— Fine cottage of 4 large rooms and bath;
• well, windmill and tank; sewerage and a
good lot; 3 blocks from Frultvale local
station. .
$1950 — Large bay-window cottage of 9 rooms:
all modern; lot 60x122:6; close to local
trains.
$2200 — Good and substantial cottage of 6 large
rooms, large hall and bath: beautiful gar-
den; fruit trees; on a macadamized street:
lot 77:6x160.
$2250 — Fancy, new, modern cottage of S rooms,
bath, hall, basement, mantel, etc.; lot 50x
290, with barn, chlcken-houees and all
fenced; near car line and in best part of
Frultvale. •
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
M. C. GIBSON. ' Phone Vale 290.
$2300 — A 4-room house; city water; bath
and pantry: 29 fruit trees; berries of all
kinds: close to school and cars; lot 125x150.
$1500 — 4-room cottage, bath, high base-
ment; lot 35x140; modern In every way; terms
if you wish it.
$2500 — 9-room house: all modern conven-
iences; large lot; street work all done This
Is a bargain.
$2000 — 7-room. bath; fruit and flowers; hot
and cold water: lot 60x135. This Is dirt
cheap.
We have a few lota left at $150 down.
This will secure you one of these lots and
start you a home. The balance same as rent.
. Office open all day Sunday. Give us a call;
our time Is yours.
M. C. GIBSON. 1326 Frultvale ave..
Near East Fourteenth st.
YOU will make no mistake In selecting a
home In Upper Frultvalo, where quick and
easy access can ba made to San Francisco.
Oakland and Alameda; many business men
are already ¦ located here. Come and see
J. W. WILBUR & CO..
Real Estate Agents, Diamond P. O., Alameda.
A SNAP for cash— 200 acres (unlncumbered)
finest land Northern Cal., or exchange for
Oakland. Berkeley or 8. F. residence proper-
ty. OWNER. 875 37th St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE — $2750; it cost $3730; rents for $29
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x15©. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland. \
LOT— 50-foot frontage on Frultvale av#.; want
offer. Address owner. P. O. box 462. Fruit-
vale. Cal.
rBTJ-TVAXE HOTTSE-CEEPHTO BOOMS
FREMONT ave., 1417. off East Fourteenth-
Three housekeeping rooms; closet, bath and
laundry; large grounds.
OAKLAND ADVERT > S > M ? T3
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
0A_-LAy_> BEATj ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED AND BANCROFT, Inc.
¦ 1060 Broadway. Oakland.
$3500 — Elejrant *new 6-room house on Fifty-
second st., close to Key Route and car
lines; $750 cash and balance easy terms.
. — 150^ —
$3200— $400 down.- balance easy terms, to buy
a modern house of 9 rooms and bath; con-
venient to - cars and Key Route, North
Oakland.
. —133—-
$3000 — Almost new 7-room house on Twenty-
fifth st., near San Pablo; lot 60-100; 2-
story barn on place; see us for terms. -
• • — 11I» —
$2700— 6-room new house on Fifty-third st.,
near Grove; close to car lines and Key
Route; this locality Improving la valu*
right along.
1 — 123 —
$2750 — 7-room house on Chestnut st; close'
in; lot 35x132; this cheap buy can be had
on your own terms.
—113— '
$2200— Snan: S-room house on Linden st.. near
Twentieth: lot 30x132:6; $1000 cash, bal- 1
ance to suit. •¦ ~>»-s?k£*!"-&*ijfmtias/ttm **
(SEE OTHER PAPERS FOR DIFFERENT
ADS.)
CLEARANCE) SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
_We have been exclusively authoriaed to sell
on • easy . terms tbe remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired .¦ by • the ¦
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage. ,
; •: ¦- Ws • will , sell ' these : properties at figures far
below : the present market . rates. , If you want
a bargain call on or write us for particulars.
/• H. MACTONALD * CO..
>,._ _ 1083 Broadway. ,„
SEAI. ESTATE— COTJITCBY— for Said.
$25000 — INCOME $C!OCO; Merced County;
122 S-30 acres; SO acres peach and grapes: «
acres alfalfa; 17 acres grain: 10f» acres under
Irrigation; modern lC-room house, with ca«
and all conveniences; new large barn; sul-
phur and fruit houses and all the equipments
t>f a well ordered orchard; live etock, poul-
try, farm implements, etc., included; house
on uentle slope, commanding magnificent
views; one mil- from town, B. R. station
and school.
; LYON & HOAO COUNTRY DEPARTMENT,
11U Montgomery st.
FOR sale or .lease— Nearly f. acres, all im-
proved, house, etc. E. A. HUSING. Fourth
ave. and B st.. San Mateo. ¦
CHICKEN ranch for sale; rent reasonable.
Apply 3QQ4 Thirtieth ave. and G st. South.
JOIN co-operative colony: good homes; state
circumstances. Dox 3611. Call office.
SECTION cf land In Monterey. County.
KOEIILER. 3739 Seventeenth st.
FOR good Government lands inquire S05.Lar-
kln Et.. room 49. near City Hall.
SMALL ranch for sale cheap: 000 youns apple
tree*; good water. 4032 Twenty-fifth st.
HAVE buyer for good stock ranch. Box 4228.
Call office.
: CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 page:?, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
SAYWABDS BEAX. ESTATE.
Stanton Tract— $150 to $350 per acre; from 4
to 80 acre tracts.
$20 per acre. 4S0 acres — Fine stock ranch.
rolling land, most of It can be farmed; fenced
and cross- fenced; plenty of wood and water: 2
small houses; large barns and sheds; 6 miles
from Haywards.
$35 per acre, 1010 acres — Elegant stork ranch,
well watered, abundant wood ; fenced and cross-
fenced; 2 large stock barns, sheds, dairy-
house, stable; 9-room hcuse. with all modern
Improvements; 40 acres In crcnard; variety of
fruit, mestly apples and cherries; 6 miles from
Hay wards; this is a model stock ranch and
must be seen to b» appreciated; rolling land.
$10 per acre. 550 acres — Another fine stock
ranch, fenced and cross-fenced; abundant wood
and water; good buildings. 4 barns, 2 milk-
houses, cheese factory, etc; rolling land; about
5 miles from Haywards.
$20(X) — 90 acres; fenced and cross-fenced; 8-
room house; barn; wood and water abundant;
fine little ranch: 6 miles from Haywards; roll-
Ing lend. .
$10,000—216 acres; first-class stock ranch:
fenced and cross- fenced; modern house, large
barn; great abundance of wood and water:
pmall orchard: very desirable place; 5 miles
lrom Haywards; rolling land.
$0500— 12U acres; orchard, variety of fruit,
but mostly cherries, apricots and prunes; abun-
dance- of water; 5-room house; barn, chlcken-
houees and other outbuildings; 1 mile from
postoffice.
$250 per acre — 4 acres: fine place for chicken
ranch: half mile from Haywards.
$3500— 14 '.4 acres; house 4 rooms; fenced In 3
fields; chicken-houses, coops, etc.; good barn,
full-of hay: plenty water; 3 acres In gum trees;
half cash, balance at 7 per cent; 1^ miles from
Haywards.
$1600 — 5 acres; house 5 rooms; barn, chicken-
hcuses. etc.; windmill, tank, tankhouse; plenty
water; fine chicken ranch; 1^ miles from
Hsywards; $900 cash, balance at C per cent.
$1200 — 7 acres; house 6 large rooms and pan-
try: 6 chicken-houses, barn, windmill and
tank; plenty wood; water running through place
year round.
RAMAGE & STANTON, Real Estate and In-
surance, Haywards. Cal.
HAYWARDS PROPERTY.
5V» acres, with 5-room house, barn; numerous
chicken houses and yards, separately fenced;
2 brcoder houses; about 350 fullblood White
Leghorn chickens, cow, horse and buggy:
fruit. berrie3, etc.; 2 miles from town; only
$3500.
S 1-12 acres, adjoining city limits; 6 acrea In
fruit; no other Improvements; facing two
streets: price $3300.
13 acres, with small house, barn, chicken
houses, well and pump; abundance of wood
and water; near town; $3600.
15.&5 ceres, in city limits; small house, barn,
spring water piped to house; one-third in
fruit and vines; $5750.
P. WILBERT.
Castro, near B street.
Haywards, Cal.
SAHMATEOBEAL ESTATE.^
I/5M1TA PARK — On line of San Mateo electrl3
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the toz belt and Just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff" will join
the main line; 50-foot lots from $40O up: ,
termc only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer .
and water pipes In front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots sold since
August 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a lot In this desirable section; take the
electric cars and get off at "LOMITA
PARK" and investigate; maps sent on ap-
plication.
&ELBY. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main 673. 116 California st.
BOSS VALLET BEAT. ESTATE.
NEW subdivision In Ross Valley; 5 minutes
from Ross station; only 25 beautiful lots on
Lagunltas road In the heart of the valley,
surrounded by elegant residences; full view
of the mountains; lots $750 each; prices will
be double next spring for land in this
vicinity; now is the time to buy. CROKER
Sc CO., vole agents, San , Anselmo station.
Office open Sundays, with rig, rain or shine.
ponrr bichmohp beat, estate.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS
MILLIONS BEING EXPENDED THERE
COMING MANUFACTURING SITE.
BUY NOW
IN THE SANTA FE TRACT
STREETS GRADED. $3 per month.
MeEWEN BROS., 113 Montgomery et.
LOT In Richmond $218; this is a bargain. Ad-'
dress box 1458, Call office. Oakland.
X-Ua-TU-tST REAL ESTATE.
$75 EACH— Only a few left of these lots In
Elmhurst; only 1 block from the railroad sta-
tion; 10 sold last week; $5 down and $5 per
month,
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
BA-TCH TO LEASE.
TO rent — 21-acre fruit ranch, near Santa Rosa;
$250 rent per year; complete set of farming
tools; alto hcrse and wagon, 1 cow. .Apply
C3G Sacramento st.. San Francisco.
PARKS AHS RANCHES TO LEASE.
2U ACRES; house 6 rooms, furnished: barn;
stable; chicken houses: for a term of years;
cheap. JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market, S. F.
HEAL ESTATE VTA K TED.
WANTED — 6 to 10 acres. Improved, about 1
mile R. R. station. 50 miles of city; south-
erly slope or level, abundant water, sandy
loam preferred; to lease 6 years, ' privilege
S more, and payment of purchase price any
time during term of lease. Box 2942, Call.
WANTED— Lot Improved with two flats, north
of Market St.; limit $E00O. Box S554, Call.
WANTED — A few acres near MUIbrae. H. G.,
box 8694. Call office.
WANTED — Mission or Western Addition lots.
Bex 8602. Call office.
CLEAR Oakland, Berkeley or S. F. property
for tancbes. J. H. EDSON. 14-1& Bacon
block. Oakland.
TO exchange — Choice Redding lot for olty lot.
Box 8C71. Call office.
HAVE 2 flats to exchange for bay property.
Box 4227. Call office.
PBOf-BTY WAITTEP.
WANTED — To rent, with the privilege of buy-
Ing, an Improved small farm; one adapted to
poultry and situated near Stockton or San
Jose preferred. Address ISAAC OOVER,
General Delivery, Stockton, Cal. >..;^
WANTED — Alfalfa land near Modestor 1B0 or
320 acres; on«-_ alf or more must be In al-
falfa en ditch. Address, stating price and
terms, box 3943, Call office. No agents.
WANTED — Roadhouse with grounds or small
hotel. in country; state full particulars. Box
4395. Call office.
HOUSE and about ten acres fruit, near school
and railroad; San Mateo County. Box S953
Call office.
WANTED— MUsion cottages or flats; $2000 to
$4000. Box 4247, Call office.
SOCXAIi. "
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here: a chance to snake merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens. Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines.' Make arrangements at room 211,
Mulrbead building. Marked and Larkin sts.
SPECIA-. -TOTIOEB.
EXECUTOR'S sale — Harness, leather, tools,
paraphernalia, fixtures and business of har-
ness chop of Thomas Corlxtt, deceased. 215
Jac-scn st. Bids received by W. H. PAY-
SON. room 172. Crocker bldg.
STOP DBIBfKIWO. r . "~
GUARANTEED cure: send « 60c; tablet form
mailed ¦ In slain ¦ package; - has •• cured i _ lou«
wn<3s.. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hay ward blag., 8. JY
aSAX. ESTATE — Cr-TT—rO-t SAX.E.
EPLENDID residence building lot In Potrero.
only tC50. Apply 121S Turk rt.
A SNAP— Hou«,e. 4 lots for sale. 2450 San
Bruao road.
HOL-sr:. S Ic's">cr^TTl^ll~cT7?A~BTN~COr
*1» Kearny et. -•.¦'¦,*::*¦¦ ; '-..
ALL wcrk ruamrteed first c!a«s by AHL-
KACH & MAYER, plumber*. S.-.6 Howard Pt.
-?. IIAX ' ESTATS — COTmT-Vr — ror Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
sfucct-Rscrs to
_. W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODL LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to it; the
section that has the most fertile soil In the
Ban Joaquln Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10 acre
JOU; only 2V£ miles from town; surrounded by
modern honifs and fine orchards and vineyards;
*°tl rich, black, saniy loam 12 feet deep;
echo©! en the tract; $75 per acre. This will not
Jaet over 30 days; first come, first served.
Adjoining land eold for $125.
$12.000— Only 2 miles Sebastopol; electric
ears past place; 100 acres, of which 15 are
bearing apples; all level, rich, sandy loam,
adapted to hops, potatoes or corn; 2 good
r.ouses, fine bam. sheds, poultry-houses and
outbuildings; complete set farming tools; horses
and cattle with place.
$2SCO— Close to Petaluica, 1 mile station; 10
*"«» rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful oaks; mc>dern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
rood barn, poultry -houses, outhouses; horse,
cow. 80 hens, buggy etc.; wfll add 12 acres
adjoining if derlred; we this quick.
$10.000— Close to GeyservUle; 56 acres rich
Russian River bottom; great bop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables: 12 acres vlne-
>"" rel . 12 prunes. 23 acres fine alfalfa: large
new bam. We offer nine of tbe finest farms
>n the world In this superb section; let us
crtve you around.
$2500— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family orchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; Investi-
gate this.
$4000— Close to Petaluma: 24 acres rich,
sandy loam In potatoes and asparagus; some
orchard and garden; fair 7-room house; out-
buildings; refused $9000 for 17 acres adjoining
not so good; half cash.
81SO0 — Close to Sebastopol; 10 acres fine
land; 4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden;
t acres young apples; half cash.
8500 down— 160 acres and use of 40 more; 2
tnllea cf postofflce: In Sonoma County; rolling
lang; S acres vines; orchard; tinely fenced;
building aJor.e cost $20O0: house 7 rooms; barn,
wegon-shefi, poultry-houses, yards; 1500 cords
wood; some stock, furniture : price $2000.
$400 down — 40-acre dairy ar.d poultry ranch;
2 good dwellings; bam. poultry-houses, lncuba-
tcr; C cows. 15 Anpora goats, 2 horse*, bugsy;
tools; 10 tons of hay; only 1 mile of town; ln-
vest'.gate Quick ; $2000.
1 &.50O — Only 1 mil* of Haywards: 87 acres
Cne land; 4 acres bearing orchard; icodern
— ouse 3 rooms and bath; finest barn In county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this Is the best buy
In the viel_Jty.
JC500 — Close to Calistcga; W seres; 45 level.
producUve loam eoil: well fenced and cross-
fenced; plenty fine water; Cne prune orchard;
good house, bsrn and outbuildings. We have
a large list of desirable hrnnea In this locality.
Let un drive you around.
f 2€50 — North cf Wstson\-llle; 65 acres, 8 acres
full bearing apples, 9 in grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acres timber: flowing stream; 9-room
bouse; large tarn ,nd granary: water piped to
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
vicinity. See a few.
$3500 — 5 milee of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom: 25 acres; 5 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
bouses; 6ee this, and if you want only part of
It will sell unimproved portion at $109 per
acre; If you tvant to raise corn that will make
the Kansas article "fide step" see pome of our
homes on the Russian River.
$2050 — 34 acres, near Watsonville; 200 apples;
6 acres fine potato*-*; 2 acres timber; balance
ertttn: 5-room cottajre; barn, outbuildings.
Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sonoma
City; 0 acres fine grapes, 15 years old. balance
pears and assorted fruits; this season's crop
racy $7b0; no buildings; forced sale; simply
make an offer.
H500— All level. 10 acres. 2 miles cf Calls-
toga; Em&ll orchard; good house and barn; 2
v» ;.;¦; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesti; 20 acres up;
fcalf rath.
S-oO p*r acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbridge
canal.
$1200 — 10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi; sandy loam: 5-room house and barn.
c-.V'O — Near Santa Cruz, eo acres rich alluvial
«-o;I: h acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
train; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house.
K. rn.
Send Ftamp Tor the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
2C Montgomery St., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
FOR s— le — Ranch cf ItJO acres; all fenced and
cross ieiieed with barb wire and netting
f.-:>o»; £S acres fruits end nuts; 5 acres
grain; 127 acres timber; timber all contract-
•¦d: contract goes with property: 3% miles
1mm town on main line R. R.; good outside
ranpe for cattle; house, large barn, etc.:
water piped to house and barn; free rural
mail delivery; title perfect: no incumbrance;
j.rice 'SSCOO. Address OWNER, box 4351.
Call office.
POK SALE.
$C500 — 5H acres in the city limits of Pets-
luma; 4 acres fine orchard, el! bearing; hard-
fir.lsb house of 5 rooms, bath and pantry;
hot and cold water; high basement; fine
windmill anl tank; water, piped all over
place; good barn; 18 chicken-houses, brood-
ers and incubators; 100O chickens; 1 cow, 1
hcrsc. buggy and wagon; 2 Bets harness;
sJl farming tools; sandy loam: beautiful
view; no agents. Address P. O. box 44U,
Petalnma. Cal.
1C0-ACRE ranch for $3250; elx miles from a
larye town; Alameda Co.; fine level road
to the land: 130 acres cultlvatable; nevei
failure of crops: no brush . or waste land;
m-rll watered by many fine springs; house,
bsrn and outbuildings; fenced and cross
fenced; school 1H miles; a splendid ranch
for stock, hogs and poultry; this is a genu-
ine bargain; don't miss it; photos and full
particulars at this office. H. H. CRANE, 608
California at.
FOR GALE.
Tbe Potter ranch, three miles north of
Napa, _as been subdivided into 16 blocks,
renrlng from 10 to 30 acres ea cb; this ranch
is nicely located in the center of Napa Val-
ley, near a good school, and Is offered for
sale at the low price of $C5 to $90 per acre
by Kaca and E_n Francisco Real Estate
Co.. 25 North Main e_. Napa, Cal.
______ __ .
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
160-acre full bearing fruit ranch, mostly
prunes: all necessary appliances for handling
the crop; two sets bclldlngs; will divide and
sell on easy terms or exchange for Oakland,
Berkeley or B. F. property; price $30,000.
3 H. EDSON. 14 and 15 Bacon block. Oak-
land.
GOVERNMENT timber lar.d available for lo-
cation. $3000 value. In 1; s*c; 150 acres
patented pood farming and fruit land, in
warm belt of Coast Rarge. by county road.
living water, timber, partly fenced, school
adjoining. $000. L. D. MATTHEWS, 8C5
Filbert ct.. Oakland.
$3750 — Seven acres of land at Pleasanton. Ala-
rneca County; all in bearing fruit, mostly
prunes; new cottage 4 rooms; good barn, hen-
hounes for (SCO bens; 660 bens now on hand;
farmlnc tools, fruit dryers go with tbe place.
C K. MARSHALL, 1070 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale — A nice Bartlett pear ranch; nice
new house and barn; finest, coolest drink-
ing water; healthiest place in \hls State;
will take In exchange city or town property
as part payment. FRE_» BRANDT, Chi-
cago Park, California.
$10 PER acre— SO or 160 acres of rich level
land in Fresno County; easy terms.
Foreclosure sale — 160 acres in Lake County:
bouse, barn, orchard; must positively be sold
this week.
C. F. MOORE, 827 Market St., room 309.
S375C — Seven acres of land' at Pleasanton. Ala-
meda County: all In bearing fruit, mostly
pr_m.s; new cottage 4 rooms; good barn, ben-
houEcs for GOO hens; C50 hens now on hand;
farming tools, fruit dryers go with the place.
C- K. MARSHALL. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE CHEAP.
C0» acres cultivated land, pasture and Um-
ber land; Rood Improvements; plenty of
water; 5 miles from Ultlah. For particulars,
sdcress A.W. MORSE. 788 Bush et, city.
EALK or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
153 acres. Napa Co.: CO ceres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
6HADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st-
POULTRY rren and small farmers buy now;
finest vaUcy land in Sonoma County on very
ra»y tenns; send for deecripm-e circular.
PETCRS & BA1NES. 210 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEK2RS! T"
Send pcstal for catalogues of the best land
bargains ir. California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
CIS Mar-et gt.
$sroo WILL secure a larce tract of lar.d that
1s wcrth four times the amount asked; must
be roll before November 1: a chance to make
a fortune; positively no rU 4c Box 2702. Call.
$C PER acre, worth $10: 150 acres moist veg-
etable, fruit and grain land; on road; partly
cleared. W. F. McCLURE,. 11 -Montgomery
ttreet. . "
A SNAP for Immediate cash; 200 acres of the
_. finest land In Northern California. ALEX
SIURDOCK. S75 Thirty-seventh St., Oakland.
GOVERNMENT land, with water and timber,
for homesteads, cheap. TH. PINTHEK, 389
E-tter st.
OAKLAND ADV'T'S-CTTS.
OAKXA-TD BEAJ. ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
46O-4b"- Eighth St.. Oakland.
EXTRA CHOICE PROPERTY.
$90.000— Adjoining Oakland's banking center:
splendid business property; will pay 8
per cent net.
FINE INCOME FLATS.
$22.500— Would cost $30.u00 to duplicate; ten,
modem flats: annual rental $2700.
PIEDMONT VILLA SITES.
Just being offered, IOO7SCO each: In same
block there are four $20,000 to $40,000 homes:
a superb property; onty four lots offered: one
solii this week to prominent San Francisco
business man, who will construct a handsome
residence thereon; investigation will meet your
hlguest expectations.
BANK SNAP.
$75CO — Large house. 10 rooms: terraced corner.
15"xl40; $10,000 once loaned on this; over-
looks Lake Cierritt; easy walking distance
to Broadway: any reasonable offer, cash
or terms, considered.
$5000 — Pair new modern flats, 5 rooms; rent
$52 10: choice location, near Telegraph
and 27tb. > ,
• TELEGRAPH AVE.— CHOICEST PART.
$15C0 — Pretty colonial S-room house; modern
pi'jmblng; owner forcing sale; must sell.
$1000 — Verncn Heights residence. 0 rooms, fur-
nace, nice Interior; lake view; near park
and two car lines; terms arranged.
SEE THIS.
1000-foot frontage: sacrifice: 120 feet elevation:
lots 150 to 200 feet deep; excellent car
service; will treble In value: a rare chaa «•
for a ground-floor speculation.
$3850— Modern cottage. 7 rooms; basement: 40x
115; facing San Pablo ave.; closo to valu-
able properties; $-CC» mortgage; a bargain.
$3850— Suburban 4 acres; subdivide 38 lots;
store and 6-room flat. Insured $25C4; will
double In value; a. snap.
$3300 — Pair new modern flats. 5 rooms; rents
$37 60; near locals; easy walk to Broad-
way.
$2650— 8-room cottage; COxlOO; near locals an-
il th ave.; cheap.
$2250 — Mc>m cottage. 8 rooms and bath;
street complete: near Key route station:
owner leaving and It must be sold.
I1SJ0 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath; base-
ment: rent $17; near locals: nice location:
30x140; corner; owner writes to force sale.
$1450 — Neat cottage. 5 rooms: 37:6x133; street
complete; near Key route.
$050 — Plain cottage. 4 rooms; 90x123; bars,
well; near San Pablo and 66th sc.
A CKEAP-LOT BARGAIN.
Fine 80- foot lot on West st.. near Key rout*
ftrry that runs on 40th st. for only $600;
sea it. '
ANOTHER ONE.
$1550— Splendid lot. 49x100; sunny frontac«:
choice location; near 12th and linden;
bargain.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO..
4C0-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
TAYLOR BROS ft CO.
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents.
Telephone Cedar 851. 123a Broadway. Oakland.
NOBBY COTTAGE.
$2C0O — Short distance from Adellns station, on
Chestnut St.; east front; large lot; strictly
modern Improvements; must be sold, as
owner Is non-resident; price la reduced for
quick sale. 1611
FINE RESIDENCE.
LARGE GROUNDS AND SHRUBBERY.
$1250 — Two-story, modern, ten-room residence,
on Chestnut st. . the price on this prop-
erty is the exact amount which was
loaned on the property: this la Indeed a
bargain, as there is ample ground for an-
other residence; should not bo overlooked
as an investment. 1383
-_-—-—_-__, ; ?¦> **'_¦
GENUINE INVESTMENT.
$7000 — Four flats; strictly modern; income $331
per annum; located close to> broad and
narrow gauge stations and short distance
from Key Route cars: the buildings alons
on this property are worth the price asked
and only a small amount of cash Is re-
quired, as -the present mortgage on the-
property is almost equal to the price and
It can remain on the property as long as
desired. 1328
• '* COTTAGE HOME.
$1600 — Cottage of 5 rooms; lot S0xl30 feet;
abundance of fruit, flowers and shrubbery;
high and sightly location; 11th ave.. near
East 23rd St.; finest of improvements
surrounding- It; price reduced from $2000
for quick sale on account of death la
family. 153S
ANOTHER COTTAGE.
$2150 — Cottage of 6 rooms; modern: lot 28xISS
feet: chicken-houses and sheds; abundance
of flowers; street work, sidewalk, and
sewer oGmplete; 125 feet from Telegraph
ave., below 32d st. ; Indeed a bargain and
must be seen to be appreciated. 1633
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.,
1236 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
E. 3. STEWART A CO..
1008 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
Brand new 6-room cottage, situated on the
Piedmont Hills; this cottage Is beautifully fin-
ished; all modern conveniences: close to Key
route and street cars; can be bought cheap on
terms.
$2500 — A bargain; within three minutes' walk
of Key route or street cars; one of the
swellest. most homelike, new bungalow
cottages In Oakland; 6 large rooms, beau-
tifully finished In natural wood; elegantlT
tinted and artistically frescoed; all mod-
ern conveniences; north side, of street; la
a pickup at this price.
13750 — Chance to get a grand horns at reduced
price; beautiful new house; 8 rooms and
basement; modern in every detail; ele-
gant location In Piedmont, affording an
unsurpassed view of surrounding country
and beautiful hills; price has been r*>
duced from $4500 for Immediate sale.
$4200 — Beautiful new house on 2Sth st., near
Telegraph ave. ; north side of th* street;
lot 43x103 feet: house contains 7 rooms;
this Is a bargain.
E. 3. STEWART & CO.,
1008 BROADWAT, OA-C-ANTX
FRANK P. LEE,
til BROADWAY, OAKLANXK
AN ELEGANT HOME.
$3S30 — Almost new; 2-story; 8 rooms and batfct
lot 40x125; Linda Vista Terraoa, H block
from car line.
$2450— Beautiful cottajrs; 5 rooms and bath:
lot 25x100: In East Oakland; reduced from
$2750: a snao.
Beautiful lot. facing a park, near Kadlaoa St.:
30x100; $70 per foot; a bargain.
$3700 — 2-story, corner house; 8 rooms and
bath; fine condition; lot 85x100; easy
walking dlstanc« from Broadway} wort_
$4200.
Bargain — Grocery store on Telegraph avt.; win
invoice $1600; cheap.
A rare chance — Restaurant, completely fur-
nished, with 4 newly furnished roonur;
price $700. = -?/-..
List your property, both for sals, mad ta>
rent, with
CHARLES C. HOT-BERT,
(Successor to FRANK P. LEE),
911 Broadway, Oakland.
BE_.DEN*8 BARGAINS.
$3750— New 2-story, T-room hous* an* lot
00x115. near Telegraph av». and Key ronta.
$2525 — New colonial cottage 00 83th St.:
sunny lot 30x112; near Key route: easy terms.
$2000— 5-room cottage on Jackson st.. near
Oak st. station.
$S50— Will buy'lot 50x133 en Ettlt et., star
Key route and new car shoos and B st. sta-
tion. Berkeley local train, with old 4-room
cottage; a tew hundred dollars will pat It In
shape: a good speculation.
$1325 — Choice lot on 6th tn., near B. MUi
st. and Clinton station: 50x100.
BELDEN, 1112 Broadway. Oakla-d.
GOOD INVESTMENTS/ .
$5330 Two new flats of 5 rooms each; oera ss>
lot; all street work done; rent $33 pea
mo.; 2 blocks from Clinton station.
$3230 — A modern eottag« of 7 rooms; lot 75s:
140; all street work done; this cost owner
$4000; must b« sold, as owner resides la
$450 for a lot In Piedmont. 82x140; close ta*
Key Route.
HUGH M. CAMERON. 1058 Broadway.
tlSOO— 7-ROOM house on Twenty-fifth st.i
suitable for two flats; with sUght change
would pay 15 per cent on Investment.
t-»50— 50-foot lot on Magnolia st.. one bloc*
from car line; a choice small Investment.
reOO— A beautiful 6-room sunny cottage;
walking distance from town.
$3000— 8-room house; 60-foot lot; house cost
than asking price; near Thlrty-flfta
and Telezraph •>»•--, „ ____-
tSCOO— Fine house on Albion St.; U rooms,
house, cholc- location.
yVF. PORTER. 466 Eighth st.. Oakland.
T>T-nT>TTtTY WANTED--VACANT AND _M-
IF YOU HAVE SOMETHING
?on WANT TO SELL. SEND ME FULX.
nFSCRIPTION. PRICE. ETC., AND WE-
IT AND TRY TO GET A
BUYER FORTT. HAISM1TH
634 THIRTEENTH STREET.
•iroR sale— $4CC0; a new Colonial house of 9
iroonw modern and convenient: lawn and
flowers: air and sunshine; swell vicinity of
Oakland near Key route; $1000 cash and can
arrange loan of $3000: anxious to tell at anse.
o£nerV bo- 4389. Call office.
For Additional Classified Advents**
meats See' P»fO 4THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1904.
42
XiOPOna-Q-gOTTSSg JOB SAXB— Con.
MARION GR1FFIN* :
4C6 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
comer 3d and Market *t*. TeL. Black »eU7.
Hotels and roomlng-hou*e* for sale. Free list,
V.e furnish abstracts tree & guarantee tltlea.
$350 DOWN AND $500 IN PAYMENTS. ,
An especially well-furntshed rooming-
house In good location, on, sunny side;
12 large room*; income $W> over rent;
electric light*: refined roomer*; wUl
sell at a Gmjms
$1450 40 rooms; house poorly furnished: forced
sale; good cpenlng^o^rig njgfa
$3500—50 ROOMS; well- furnished apartment
house; corner; rent $lti3; business easy
to run and W*™^ GRI F F IN.
$2000—88 ROOMS; hotel, clearing- $150 month-
ly; very select boarders; owner sick;
will take small roomlpg-bou#e In ex-
. change and time on balanee.'
MARION GRIFFIN.
I _—
$750—18 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for 13
years; nlc* location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market. -
MARION GRVTFtS.
$1000 DOWN and $1000 on time; absolutely
the best furnished 20-room house la
this city; lease for 4 years; furnisaings
cost $5000 in June last year; owner
. sick In WALDECK HOSPITAL; buyer
must r» with agent from this office.
MARION" GRIFFIN.
$40t DOWN and $10 monthly; 2» rooms; ex-
tra nice birdseye maple; fine carpet*;
apartments: roomers car* for their
rooms- 3-year lease; owner - occupies
4 nic* rooms and puts $«1 in ban*
monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
1200 DOWN and $200 in payments of only $10 :
monthly. WITHOUT INTEREST; S
sunny rooms; all open on to ball; «
blocks north of Market: caus*. heart
failure. MARION GRIFFIN.
$217 PROnT monthly GUABANTEED^by
owner on a cash Investment of $3000;
no more to pay; a nice, clean, Urge,
weU-furnl*hed roomlnsr-hou**.^^
MARION GRCTTIN.
SACRIFICE SALE.
(7500 ISO rooms; one of the handsomest and
most modern apartment houses In this
city; GRAND LOCATION: BEAUTI-
FUL. ALMOST NEW FURNITURE;
cost $15,C0O; will elear $75Qr> yearly;
GREATEST BARGAIN EVER OF-
FERED. Agent from this- offlc* will
accompany buyer. Exclusively with,
MARION GRDTFDI.
Cut this ad out and when you come ta San •
Francisco call and see us at room 408, Ex-
aminer building.
N B. — Turn on to this propoaiUon th*
fierce ray* of a powerful Intellectual search-
light and you'll discover no Saw. .
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 105a
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and PowelL
Headquarters for Rooming Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chance*.
ISO rooms; grand, new, mod*ra apsrtment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipp-.l:
cheap rent; fine lsase; paying $50O to $tiOO
per month; close In; full of nice people;
bargain if taken at once; dissolution of
partnership. - -
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free: oak
furniture; good carpets: must sell: price $10O.
60 rooms; new. modern - building: elegantly
furnished: close in: full of llrst-claa* people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness-
7-room modern fiat: close in; well furnished;
co*t $600; a bargain It sold at once: $300.
33 room*; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down,
town location: 2 entrances; everything. In.
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If rua
transient can clear $30»> to $350 per month;
here U best proposition In city.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elerantly fur-
nlahed: oak and mahogany; fine proposi-
tion; rood le***. . * ¦¦¦„ _-;
12S rooms: cheap rent; lour lease; first-class
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell oa
account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: good fur-
niture and carpet*; clears $10O per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial nous* la
. city- clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing - first-class condition; will trade for
Oakland. Alameda or. Berkeley property 01
ranch in California; must leave cliy.
18 rooms; rent $65; rood furniture- and cap-
pets; always. full; must sell wlthia next tea
days; leaving city; make offer.
80 rooms: newly furnished throughout; fl»«-
year lease; downtown: fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance reas-
onable Interest. .•> »-.
10S rooms; rent only $5 50 per room; Ions;
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
- electric lights, bell , and elevator; all light
rooms; well furnished throughout: chance of
lifetime to get flrst-daa* house that Is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged
to leave for Europe to settle aa estate; mak*
offer; exclusively with us. .• .tz;
45 rooms, rent only $123; first-el*** location:
well furnished and good running order: clear-
ing now over $200 per month: always full:
best buy in city; account of sicka***; pries
$4300.
Have new. modern S2-roora house: rent $373;
electric lights, elevator, corner: everything
up-to-date; owner wtll exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose: valu*
ITOOO to $10,000. - .
'Model apartment-house. 2 and 3 rooms each:
rent Is cheap: elegantly furnished: 5-year
lease- there are 90 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain aocount
of sickness. '
3t rooms: cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine «hape; fine Uttle> apartment-house:
clears $150; reduced tar 12300.
Large list of real estate, roomlna; houses and
business for exchange or trade always oa
hand. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. I - -¦- -
~" MITCHELL & CO.
1200 Market st. • Phon* JessW 2981
Rooming and apartment house*, hotels and
fiats sold to suit purchasers: titles guaran-
teed^ MITCHELL A CO.
FOR sale — Finest lodging-house In Oakland:
$2700: books ooen for Inspection : ¦ fun com-
mission to agents. Room 20. HCO'i - Broad-
! way. Oakland.
14 ROOMS fcr sale: good location: reasonable,
price. 824 Mission st.
44 ROOMS north of Market to exehanw for
' suitable house. Address 247 Fifth nt. -¦
\ FIRST-CLASS 21-room lodging-nous*. Inquire
' grocery, 1030' Folsom st.'- •'•"•¦ .¦
$250— 9-ROOM house. 8 rooms rent for $30 50;
rent $18 73. 110 Minna et.
FtTRNTTtTRE 8-room house fit*. • CsJl at once.
. 363 Jessie st. • .
FOR sale — 15-room roomlng-hous*. Apply 813
Geary st.
AN elegant residence. 17 room*, charming lo-
cation: rent $65: reas. Mitchell. 1208 Market.
FOR sale — Flrst-elas* lodging-house^ 18 rooms,
2 baths, all full: cheap rent: fine location;
-bargain. Box S8O1. Call offlee.
FOR SALE— Lodging-house. 14 rooms; very
cheap. 046 Howard St., near Sixth.
APARTMENT-HOUSE, corner, furnished, for
: sale; bargain. Box 429.1." Call' office.
WANTED — Buyer for my downtown lO-room
nicely furnished ¦ lodctng- house: price $70O:
"terms $500 cash, balance payments, ' Box-
3733, Call office. • .
$600 — 10 ROOMS; N of Market tenement hiuse:
furniture and carpet* good; rent $40;. clear-
Ing $10O month. Call room 1. 917 Market st.
HOUSE of fourteen rooms.- well furnished, tor
housekeeplns. 427 . CFarroll sc .
BUBIOTBB3 CHANCEfr^-Contlantfl.
l A— 5 IW,O;' RESTAURANT and cafe close to
Market and Powell sts;: rent $300; lease:
place eiexantly fitted up and doing a large
buslnets; best cla»n of patronage: owner en-
K*gcd In other buslne**; must sacrifice, bee
H..O. WILKE. 201& Kearny st.
A— $0500; THE leading- enndy. icecream and
oyster . parlor across the ' bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1600; rent $«); no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. O. WILKE. 20tt Kcarny st. -
A S30O HK8TAUHANT and coffee saloon: cor-
ner; rent $30; bent location: business paying
well. U. G. WILKE. SOfr Kearny . st.
A-$4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few
blocks south of Market St.; net rent $90.
lease 4 years; average monthly
$1100; value In sight. See R. O. WILKE.
26H Kearny »t.
A— $1500; HARDWARE and plumbing business:
location the very best; established years, ana
a flrst-cUns paying buslnes*. All particulars
R. Q. WILKE. atlft Kearny st. -.
A— $2ilOO; TRANSFER and express business; 8
horses, 5 wagon*, bus. road buggy, harness
and stock; business eotabllshed years: clears
fct least $20O per month; a r*r* chanc*. ae*
R. G.r WILKE. 26 >4 Kearny at. :
A— $2000; CORNER urocery and bar; choicest
location on Geary st.; rent $30; lease; a good
paying and old cstabl. business ; disagree
mem of partners rause of sale. See tt. ».
WILKE. , 2tt& Kearny st. - ¦
A— $1400; DAIRY produce store with branch
bakery, confectionery and Ice cream parlor;
best location: about 1% blocks frem Market
ft. : dally receipts from $25 up. Call R- a.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny »t.
A— $300; CIGAR stand: rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A— $1800— CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; rent $73;
lease; a. good paying business; value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. Bee R. G. WILKE.
26H Kearny st. -
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4$, years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying busi-
ness. R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny St.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying- business. .Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. __¦ •
A— $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice cream parlor, etc., 4 fine living rooms;
rent $50; one of the best of Its kind of busi-
ness in the city. Sea R. G. WILKE. atfft
Kearny »t.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar, with
livlng-rootna: rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion st:: place established yean; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. Se*
R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $WM0: saloon, with 10 years' lease; dose to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $175;
place doing good business; full value In sight;
a great bargain. See R.G. WILKE. 2(5% Kearny.
A — $9000: roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; bouse of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.: monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. Bee R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. *
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $6500; LIVERY and boarding stable aero**
the bay; 21 horses. 2 hacks. 1 coupe. 18 bug-
gies, harness, etc; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$76. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city: 39 beds. 50 boarders: fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town: place making money: owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
dally receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. - -
A— 12600; HOTEL in San Mateo County: 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
Ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WILK.E. 26% Kearny st. '
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent $60- living room*: stock will In-
voice about $2500; a well established and
first-class paying business. " Se* R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
LADY of business ability, some means, wishes
to meet reliable party of . means to assist in
furnishing rooming-house. Box 4318. Call.
WANTED— Party with $1000 or $2000 to take
hold of an- established paying business; 20
per. cent Interest.. .Room 1408, Call bldg.
WANTED — To purchase grocery from $3000 to
(0000. .Address box 4310, Call office, giving
location, rent and state If lease.
WANTED— A good hustler with $500 to en-
gage with me in a profitable, legitimate busi-
ness. ¦ Box 3240. Call office.
BEST patent on market; wonderful future;
immense profits; unlimited field; to ex-
change, what have you? Models 247 Fifth st.
I CANDY and icecream parlor, with living
j rooms; sickness sole cause for tilling. Ap-
¦ ply on premises,' 514 Stanyan st.
FURNITURE and variety store in good local-
ity: living rooms; bargain, as the owner has
other business. Box 3S22, Call , office.
DRESSMAKING "establishment; 4 years; party
going East; a snap; plenty work to begin
with. ¦ Box 3628. Call office.
FOR sale — Interest In an industrial proposi-
tion; Kilt ed*e; Investigate. . Address box
3938. Call office.'
$500— STEADY, reliable partner In established
.business; pay* $S0 monthly to each; experi-
ence unnecessary. Apply 2S3 Fourth st.
FOR sale— Restaurant* In East Oakland; good
location and paying, business. Box 1591.
Call office. .
ACTIVE man wanted a* partner in chophouse;
$150 required; can make $60 a month. 632
Market at.; room 6. -
AN Income for the family; dividends that will
please you. 701 Drexel building, Philadel-
phia, Pa.
PARTNER for dressmaking and • halrdresslnr
with capital. ¦ Box 4327, call office.
RESTAURANT at 314 Hayes st., doing food
I , business; owner leaving city.
1 ¦ — —
j FOR sale — Half or whole Interest in first-clau
cafe and oyster house; very central. Box
4354. Call office.
FOR sale at sacrifice — Express and delivery;
two slncle teams; steady customers. Box
35K17, Call Office.
NEW YORKER, familiar various business
I lines, has $10,000 to Invest. Box 4393, Call.
FOR sale — A saloon doing a first-class busi-
ness; centrally located. Further particulars
. of box 1777, Call office. '
WANTED— To buy a cigar stand; state price
and location. Box 1977, Call office. .
WANTED — Restaurant: price must be reason-
able for location and trade. • Box 1022. Call.
J $200— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, no-
; tions, etc. ; 4 sunny rms. ; -ent $13. 1409 15th.'
GROW bananas: grow rich; Investigate at once.
224-225 Callaghan building. .
FOR sate— Dairy, produce, delicatessen store;
4 rooms, bath; rent $25. 2205 Mission st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale on this paper. 809
! Berlin st.
ROUTE for sale. 698 Berlin st.
WANT to Invest about $2000 In chicken ranch
I with stock. Box 3718. Call office.
I '
INTEREST established trade journal; snap for
'right man. Box 4229, Call office.
CANDY— Candy business clearing $100 month-
ly; small expense; $750. Box 4224,' Call.
WANTED— Partner with $500 for gilt edge
* Investment; Investigate this. Box 3607, Call.
$150-^-PARTNER '-' In good paying office busi-
j .- ness; live man only. Address box 3663, CalL
1 • ¦
: SALOON license for sale. Apply. to C. ROUL-
}• LIER. 28 Main st. . ... ,. ¦
WANTED— A partner. 1653 Mission St.*
PHYSICIAN ¦ can hear of unprecedented open-
ing at 1584 Market ; *t.. room 213. . ¦ .¦
FOR sale — Tailoring ' establishment ; good lo-
cation ; rent ' reasonable. . Box 3689, Call.
SMALL restaurant for * sal*; ' 4 ' housekeeping
¦¦; -con:; rood lease; bargain. Box 3864, -CalL
RESTAURANT doing a splendid business for
sale; reasonable. Call 604 Turk st.
FOR sale— Corner; saloon; rood business. 835
1 ,; Bryant '-st. „ ;; : ¦•;/ ;. .-. •,;•;.¦::-•;,-¦': -. '¦
BRANCH bakery and K notion *tor* for sale.
4102 Nineteenth st.; near : Castro.-
FOR 5 sale — . A good , planlnr-mlll in Sonoma
County: $2250. Box 3410.: Call offlee.
j BrantEsa cHAarcrs— cqntmnod.
A— CAMERON tt CO Phone South 1050.
: 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
I Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
\ , . —
IFOR sale— Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
' one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; comoletely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas: toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern: accommodate* 1-
people over ntgbt; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East: make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy at. ~^
FOR sale— First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble: best coast city in California; 50 stalls;
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
.tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, can** of sale. CAMERON * CO.,
3 Eddy «t.
FOR sale — Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located, cheap rent; doing good
business; .1 living rooms; stock. will invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
J CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St. "-_
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real es-
- tate. rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy t.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes" ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished: 2
bars dancing cavlllon. shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electrio car* direct: dear* $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particular*
sea CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy *t.
FOR «ale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses In
8. F.; cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipment.*; oresent owner has mad* a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 oer month: trial given if
desired; part down. ; CAMKRON A CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 8_room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished: horse, ando
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON h. CO.. 3 Eddy st. •'
T. A. BROOKBANK C H. NORTON
BROOKBANK-NORTON CO-
BUSINESS AGENTS.
817 Market «t.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$100— CIGAR »tand: Fourth- st. location: doln*
nice business; rood stock and fixtures; rent
$10; don't miss this. Se* BROOKBANK-
NORTON CO. ¦
¦ SALOON— Market St.; good fixtures, fair atoek:
2 entrance*: reasonable rent; ownjr at
death* door and will aacrtflce Jj°r •.00 to
, settle e.tate: banraln. 8ee BROOKBANK-
NORTON CO.
iCORNER saloon; wholesale 41'trtcJJ""^"
$20; bargain for $1100. Se* BBOOKBANK-
j NORTON CO.
I GROCERY and bar. license: also saloon license
! foVsale cheap. See BROOKBANK-NORTON
j CO.
: $600 AND *ervlees secure* a half-interest l»
old established tent and awning manufac-
turing business; party must be able to man-
age offlee. or will take a rood mechanic.
Full particular* with my agents. BROOK-
BANK- NORTON CO. >
$250— PARTNER for well-paying cigar stand;
mu»t be steady, reliable man. 8e* BROOK-
; BANK. •
$350— PARTNER: must b« honest. *ober. re-
j liable. See BERO A POPP. 313 Kearny st.
' $650 TO $10 000 — Saloon* that will stand in-
vestlgatlon. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
RESTAURANT: also delicatessen stores at
bargains'. Se* BERG St POPP. 31S Kearny.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
! IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
! BCriptloa da not fall to call upon us; we may
• have .Just w*at you want to bay or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
F. L. SKAGGS ft CO.
Leading legitimate botel broker* of the
West. 26 .Montgomery st.. S. F.: phone
James 6301. Hotel men invited to call.
WE need $0000 to lend on salary warrants and
high-grade collateral security; we guarantee
you 1 per cent per month on money invested
with us, and will return amount Invested on
demand. For' further particulars address
box 3752. Call 'office. - "> - - *-
"A — A HIGH-CLASS saloon "and business
proposition with a certainty of profits; must
be sold privately and at once; owner leaving.
Apply room 6, Columbian building. 916
< Market st.
i $840 WILL earn you $75 to $100 per mo. with
I 3 hours' work once in 2 weeks: can be done
I evenings; a monopoly. I am leaving town:
{ a snap. Call at shop. 609 Golden Gate
I ave.. city.
! DON'T hesitate! Opportunity knocks at your
door; ' investigate our- proposition; we are
going to disburse dividends at the rate of
25 per cent per month. Room 6, 231 Post st.
$600 TO $1500 invested in a new style penny
gum machine will earn from - $150 to $300
per mo: exclusive territory. Coast Agent,
611 Golden Gate ave., city.
WANTED — Man or woman with money to en-
gage In the patent medicine business in
Goldfleld, Nev.; no fakers wanted. Address
box 3846, Call office. ?"- : t
SALOON for sale; fine location in Oakland:
good business. Address box 1571. Call office.
$170 — CANDIES and pastry: 8 finely furnished
* rooms and large basement. 525 Taylor at.
$500— FOR sale, good paying cigar stand; full
stock. Inquire East and Folsom st*.
PARNER wanted in furniture and variety
-store; no exnerlence. Box 3751, Call -office.
100 LOTS free — Applicant* sending stamp will
receive deed of lot. *ts* 23x100 feet. Suburb.
New York. 20th Century Realty Co.. S Wall
St.. New Tork. - •
PARTNER, detective and collection; estab-
lished business; small capital. Room 25, 1014
¦ Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S new* for 8 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pare*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
aODQUrQ-HOUSBS POB 8AM.
Phone John '531. : -- '•¦¦'¦ "*" «
H. C. DECKER H. C. DECKER
008 Market St., Hotel ' and Rooming-house
Broker.
28 years selling houses in this city.
•7 rooms; Polk at. ; rent $30: snap.... $425
18 rooms; rent $40; a big bargain; only- 500
14 rooms; nr. Pine & Kearny: rent $50. 200
16 rooms; modern apts.; half cash.... 1050 {
15 rooms; Post St.; snap 1050 I
14 rooms; sunny cor.: rent $60; lease, 600
21 rooms; rent $95: N. Market St.... 1350
5 rooms; N. Market; new furniture.. 350
23 rooms; Just furn.: rent $90; only. 1600
6 rooms; a little beauty ............' 2C0
24 rooms; Eddy st.; new; see It...... 1600
J 46 rooms: rent $150: lease; N. Market. SOCO
14 rms.: N. Mkt.; $100 cash required. 450
14 rooms: sunny, cor. ; nr, 5th & Mkt. 60O
46 rooms; respectable house: see it.... 30OO
23 rooms; new furniture; on Post St.. 1S0O
6 rooms and batlu fat 220
16 rooms; very good; bargain 1100
44 rooms; fine corner; clears $250..... 340O
21 rooms; very good ljco-
. 82 rooms; apartment house 0COO
10 rooms; only $2C0 cash SOO
11 rooms; only $250 cash 800
60 rooms; country hotel and bar...... 4000
12 rooms; paying house. 500
. 8 rooms; all rented , 175
11 rooms; only $250 600
24 rooms; for exchange 1800
.. 7 rooms; only ." 200
51 rooms: to exebsnge j 3C0O
18 rooms; offer wanted 12OO
1» rooms; on McAllister at.; $200 cash. - 800
180 rooms: elegant; cost llrt.CCO. 7500
, 18 rooms; downtown transient; will ex. 1200
: 32. rooms; Market; offices; permanent. 2000
24 rooms; hkpg.; perm.: reduced to. 850
5 rooms; flat;. good location 223
15 rooms; fine transient corner 1250
32 rooms; clears. $150 month 2000
< -14 rooms; exchange for a 23- rm. house 83O
18 rooms;. fine apartment house........ 1000~
'60 rooms; elegantly furnished: snap.. COCO
¦ 18 rooms; good Investment ....... gco
87 rooms; corner; rent $125 •.."...-... 2100
12 rooms: Golden Gate ave.;rent $37 50 700
',40 rooms; Powell & Market; rent $200 3000
17 rooms: rent $55; Van Ness ave 1400
I will furnish the money on any house
' 17 rooms; nprth of Market st; " 300
0 rooms; splendid corner; half cash 430
14 rooms; newly furnished tpo
107 rooms; grand house :.... ocno
-H. C. DECKER. 808 Market. Hotel Broke£
C. E. HINKLBY. PHONE MINT 796
1020 MARKET ST. .' OPP 5th st
¦•ssst^ags^s^iS? TERks -
OUR SPECIALS.
. 1$ rooms; rtnt only $40.. :..:....*...... $500
6 rooms: rent $20;.a,alce homeA :...... $123
7-room flat:. elegant: worth $300 $400
25 room* north of Market: speculation. $750
82-room apartment house; elegant...... $3300
34 rooms, cheap rent, lease: a"bargaln.$1200
¦ . AXD MANY , OTHERS.
30- ROOM ' downtown, resaeetabtc. ' " well fur-
nished; earns $140 a month; rent $150; other
business : compels sale: reasonable offer ac-
cepted. Box 3764. Csll office.
NICELY, furnished 11 -room house: sunny side-
reatonable. 608 Eddy st.
CHEAP— Sold at once; 9 rooms, $30. all rent-
•U; piano; no wwlt; $700. Box 38S8. Call.
OAKLAND Am^EllT'S^I^S
OAgLAga SEAL ESTATE.
A. J. SNYDER.
lleal Esuite Broker and Dealer.
4ti7 Ninth st.
NEW AXD MODKHN COTTAGE HOME.
-wi-i — New cottage of C ruouia and bath;
l~ i -> l -ir..r.i, lot ITrCilO-j; on Slst fct., near
Wiovcr; very reasou&Llc t&mis can be Uad.
A SWELL. COTTAOS.
$2500— New cottage ct w rooms ar.d bath;
basement: lot SlttixlOO; TLlrty-Iourlh st.,
B<-ar West.
JUfcT COMPLETED.
f2J0» — Cottage of C iuuhm *nU bath; base-
n.».nti uear Urove nt.. en 4uth.
A NEW AND MUUEIUI HOME.
$5500 — Grove tt., near 3l5t; let 40x150:
h<.'Ui* o£ 7 rooms and bain; splendid barn, out-
J./UHf, etc.
AN CP-TO-DATE HOME.
Oa Slst et.. bet. Telecraph ave. and Grove
«t.. just toe-ins completed; price *475<>; lot -»ok
IVy, this house contains 7 very large rooms
and b*th. den. anU us modrin in every respect;
»oe this at ence; terror- can be arranged.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTS.
From f*riO up: street work complete, sewer,
etc.: Central Oakland Tract No. 2.
$.T^i — Htreet work ccrr.plfte; n-jrth side of
5»tli «-, Bear Adeline: property in the vicinity
being sold fcr from J1S to $£5 per foot: these
liAs are SvxlOO in stte and are certainly a
bargain.
Slst st.. bet. Grove ar.d Telegraph; a few
left for il45u; 4(»xl4» Jn t-lz*: the»» ere at
lpast J10 j-wr foot Wow a«k!ng prices.
A. J. SNYDER.
Heal KWrTT Uroktr and Dealer,
4C7 Ninth at., Oakland.
— — —
KAP.L H. NICKEL.
Rooms €2 and c::. Baccn building.
X3C0 — Or f!2 rer foot for lot on north side
of street; tvittiin thrfe blocks of Key
Rr,-jte station: cne fare to Pan Fran-
cisco: irQ] build en these lots 03 the in-
stallment j. iiT. : l;:t and cheapest lots
lor iSan Franr-ir^o mechanics.
10
KARL H. NICICEL.
(12 30 x*r foot Ie:-» than prevailing market
Tries fcr a Or.e corner let on the
heights: uce block to car line; sur-
rx-u:;do<I t.y handsome residences; sacri-
ficed in order to obtain cash for use In
buriaeKs: offered nt this price for short
time cnJy: if you don't want to use it to
build, bey it for r speculation.
KARL H?' NICKEL.
Four acres with FUbstantial iirr'rovements on
elevation overlooking bay and hilts: an
tdea.1 Imrae for man with large family
or nne <LeKirir.s: a country home; offered
at half Its vaJue.
KAPO. H.VlCKEL.
r<000— Beautl.'ul bouse of 7 rooms; new: lot '
40-ft. front; within four blocks of. Tele- :
craph-avc. Key Route station.
S5
KAP.L H. NICKEL.
$S00 — Lot 12r.xir.G, with small cottage, shed ;
and chtcken coops, fruit trees, shrub-
bery aad flcwert; In Ftuitvale.
Roorr.s C2 and C3. Eacon building. ;
KARL H. NICKEL. -
HAVE you seen my new bungalow? Some- '
thlnjr different, new and pretty; Jurt com- :
pleted and never yet occupied; .nothing like
it in OakUrad; bi« lot; above the street
gr*de; all street work complete: choice
neighborhood: pretty new modern homes all
around; 6 rooms, complete In every detail.
Including tinting, electric lighting, .porcelain
bath and sink: sanitary plumbing; open
lawn, stone walks, and in fact everything
rirht up to date; right near Telegraph ave.
and no distance from the Key Route train
to San Francisco; one fare; terms of pay-
ment can be arranged: if you are looking for
a unique, cczy. comfortable, odd little
home, examine this before you buy; don't
write; call and see about it. *
Linda Vista — Marine view; new and artis-
tic: 7 rooms: tiled bathroom: dining-room pan-
eled in cKrty redwood: living-room with mafc-
slve fireplace paneled all o\-er with curly red- :
wood; bUllard-room; remember, walking dis- I
tanc* of Key Route train that runs direct to
mole: Just as advertised; a sacrifice; not built
to *ell; price $4250.
The real estate and buildings owned by the
Pacific Prws Publishing Company, fronting
11th. 12th. Castro and Brush sts... .win be sold
in subdivisions: full particulars on application.
Elepant. massive home of 14 rooms. 3 baths:
all modern plumbing; billiard and smoking
rooms; halls and parlors finished in curly red-
wood: rteam heaters throughout: large attic
*1th state *n<l dancing hall; cement base-
ment: washroom and wine cellar; large
rtabie with rooms for help; fine corner lot.
100x150.
In Piedmont: Walsworth ave.. near Governor
Perkins' residence; flS.%0; pretty cottage of 5
rooms: all modern: In first-class condition; ln-
rtanreenU' if you like; rents for £16
CEO. W. ArSTIN. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
100b BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
Beautiful new 5-room cottage situated on Ham-
ilton place; this cottage has a high base-
ment and all the latest improvements;
can be bought on cheap term*; call at
office for full particulars.
f2300 — A barrsin: within three minute*' walk
of Key Route or street cars; on* of the
swellest, most homelike ! new bungalow
cott*ge» in Oakland: 5 Urge rooms, beau-
tifully finished In natural wood, elegantly
tinted ard artistically frescoed; all mod-
ern conveniences; north side of street;
li a pick-up at this figure.
$3750— Chance to get a grand home at re-
duced price: beautiful new house of 8
rooms and basement; modem in 'every
detail: elerant location In Piedmont Hills,
affording an unsurpassed view of sur-
rounding country ar.d beautiful hills-
price ha* been reduced from 94500 to
lZ">0 for Immediate sale.
W200 — Beautiful new hottx* en Twenty-fifth
«.. betwprn Telegraph ave. and drove,
on the north rifle of the street: lot 43x105
fert. with 7 lsrre rooms and bath.
E. 3. STEWART ft ro..
100S DROADWAT. OAKLAND.
.,' ' F. M. DOTX5E & FON.
lift) Proartwar. Oakland.
rwnn—rr.excrnr-1 view nf Fnn Franrlsco Bay
*M <V,l;lrn<1: Terr attractive honse of 7 moms
hflth. lai;n<1rv^ torn; Htusted in Piedmont
hip*: let *Cy.\Z7; this will suit the most fas-
ti-lloo* buyer. . . r ¦
S242.".— New 6-room hncse in East Oakland.'-
conveniently located; rjeso to fine school; a
barpalrs at this prlc<\
OXI.T A FEW LKFT.
Right in h-ai-l of city anil only $900 to $1000
a Jot; e#tatc rriO« b« c»o«e«1 out; result, lot al-
most fCT n-rthlr-ff; ra»y terms.
mO CORNER— «IO BARGAIN.
N.;rt»i(>ast crrn..r. 1'frU'O. In East Oakland:
close In; in rotrftvlMcn* or es a whole; on car
Iter; fine outlcok over city.
S. M. DOTXSE tk PON*.
UC» Broadway, Oakland.
TVHAT WF. DO NOT DEAL IN. AND WHAT
XVE DO.
TVe do not believe In "Oet-RIch-Qulck"
concern*. v rnd do not d<^l in "TKur\ner*
Cfcnnr*s." "Ixxljrlnjr TTTDren." or "Fraudu-
lent Land Location*." and we will not be
rr»pon»iMe fcr the act* of any one clalm-
lr.p the name of "Montgomery" who does
We have, howevrr. every confidence In the
<>muinued pmnpertty of Greater Oakland
nnd rerpeetfully «lk-it the petronare of all
who derire to buy or eell real estate, nego-
tiate |oan«. place insurance or h*ve notary
work done.
RICHARD j7 MONTGOMERT. -
Office at Ker Route Station. 40th Street
and Telegraph Avenue,
Centra! Oakland.
ALDEN REALTY CO.. MM Telegraph ave.
Phone Black C4SI.
JCOO — Lot 53x90: near Telegraph ave. and
Key Route.
S475 — W>sl2O; near Key Route and car lines.
s:*50 — r-OxlTO: excellent location; near Key
Route and Teleerapb ave.
52CuO — ?r,.V) cash, balance on terms- to suit:
. ". eltynnt "-room house: near Toleirraph
ave. and Key tloute: handy to Berkeley.
v30 front foot; best business corner on Tele-
• -- graph *ve. • « ¦ -. ¦
110 front foot; in Piedmont: near Key Route
and school.
STEW modern home of 8 lanre rooms on Thir-
tieth St.. near Telegraph ave.: sun all day;
interior beautifully finished: lot 40x140; atso
7-room. new ,2-rtory hunralow; a .bargain.'
See owner. 507 Thirtieth st. •
$!«» CAPH. $5 monthlr: 10 superb lot*. 200x
"OB. om-eTed with fruit trecu !n full beartnjr.
S t« 1O acre* may be had besides; deep,
snndv \i-*m Foil; lots lav fino. with srand
vlrvr: rhfiire location: fliray from for* and
com wind*; n**r #l»ctri< > rnr line.' houlevnrd
itnti dlrtrlct rchorfhoujp: ndjoinlnir Eart Oak-
•land: pr*"* ell .told.- Mfio, dHcount ntt ¦ for
• *»*h. Call or send for circular.'- 453 Seventh
•t-. opp. station. Oakland/Carriage free."
H. 2. JONES. Land Owner.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OAirxAirn real estate.
EEE. . ¦
fC ¦ ¦ ziz:
SI'LEXDIii CHANCE TO BUY A STRICTLY
MODERN HOME ON EASY TERMS.
Ready for immediate occupancy; finely located,
.fronting boulevarded meet, just west of
Telegraph ave.; tpaclcus terrace lot In lawn;
unexcelled car service and u." minutes to S.
F. : very thermal location; home is tinted
and freecocd: 1-as combination fixtures and
fuel fae main: open fireplace, with birdseye
maple mantel; hall, reception parlor, larpe
j combination living and dining room, kitchen.
, separate rink in large pantry, cozy breakfast
room, spacious »t6rorocm. with toilet, wash
trays and bins: srccmd fioor, 3 fine bedrooms.
t large closets. Al bathroom, hall closet, etc. ; j
i;r.v.«t sanitary nickel plumblns; ample room j
fdr driveway and stable; guaranteed sun ex-
jxisures^l'.poount for oil cash or $2750 can
remain at « i*t c-nt net: price is tight.
! HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
¦ Ow=er.
314 San Pablo ave. Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7 r. home in Piedmont:
One neighborhood ; good location; near car:
line; will sell cheap: must be men to be ap- I
predated. Apply to E. MORRIS, C75 36th st.
I FOR cale — Two new up-to-date bungalow S-
; room hooves; larre lot with barn: very
cheap. Inquire on premise*. CSS Thirtieth
; rt.. «n 10K lircadway. Oakland.
' C27V> — A FINK home of 7 rooms; larre lot:
all street work don^: near Key Route: easy
¦ t«rm«. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 406 Tenth st..
, Oakland.
I . ;
&T7.V*— HOl!SE ar.d Ftable. 1C2C Eleventh ave.,
Tast Oakland; *1»VjO— CotUge adjoining. DR.
F. G. BAIRD, f»02 Sutter St., S. F. '
; MODERN 8-rocro houses; owner leaving city: 1
wtl at a barzain. Apply on premises, 8S5
Thirty-third st.
| MODERN e-rocm boure at 41C East Twenty-
j th!r3 St.: biff barn, fruit tr««es: fine location:
I let 60x150: only $2500; small payment down.
OAKLAIfD 3OTTSES TO LET.
! BIG new catalogue of desirable houses just
out: send for it. GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
j BEKINS Van and Storage Co., furniture mov-
cp. 101C Broadway; phone Main 907.
j ¦ ¦
OAKLAND BOOMS AITS BOARD
I GENTLEMAN roomer or boarder; private fam-
ily; convenient to local trains. 1352 Harrison
i st.. Oakland.
I OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
i WANTED— A reliable tenant for 3 unfurnished
1 housekeeping rooms; adults. 659A Harrison
st* Oakland. . • % .
EEVEN-ROOM house, completely furnished. \
For particulars, address box 146S, Call office, j
Oakland.
SIXTEENTH. 522 (Oakland)— Nice sunny front :
. . room.
WEST. 1081 (Oakland) — Furntehed room.
WANTED— Roomers at the Wllllamette House,
371 Tenth St., Oakland.
OAXLAKD STORES TO LET.
; TO let — $25; store, comer Twenty-sixth st.- and
1 San Pablo ave.; fixtures, living-room, large
workshop and stable. Inquire opposite, 1027
! San Pablo ave.
. O AgliABTD 1* U BB IT UBE FOB SALE.
' TO-MORROW the day for bargains iiTTurnU
ture. H. Schelhaa*. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland
1 MILL VALLEY AbV'BT'STM'TS
I '— — ;.- ' • — ' • ¦ ,- ¦• —
MILL VALLFT BEAK T?«»~ «r-s.
$300— BIG lots; a stone's throw from the sta-
tion; on graded streets; water mains laid on i
all streets: thousands of dollars have 'been
: spent on Improvements; the best and chean-
] est lots in the State for the money; only $30 «
cash, balance $10 monthly; an ideal place j
for a home; send for maps,
LYON & HOAG,
ju--^.y. 116 . Montgomery St.
j ! .., .
San Francisco Advertisem'ts*
CKTOCK SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First), 8. W. corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister. Junior church and Sun-
day school are at 10 o'clock; Rev. Brad-
ford Leavitt and C. A. Murdock, supts.
! Sunday service Is at 11 o'clock. There Is no
evening service. Mr. Leavitt will preach;
i subject, "The Songs of Life." Music by
quartet, under direction of H. Brethertck,
i organist. All are cordially Invited.
i UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (Take Mission or Va-
I lencla st. car.) — The Sunday school meets at
; tt:45 o'clock. Mr«. I* A. Covel supertntend-
; ent. At the morning service at 11 o'clock
i Kev. Jay William Hudson will speak. Sub-
ject. "A Traditional Baying of Christ." Mo.
I sic by orchestra and choir under the direc-
tion of Mr. Jablsh Clement. All cordially
Invited. No evening service.
! FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Nees ave.
and Sacmmento st. — Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor. The pastor will preach at
', 11 a. 111. and the Rev. John Dlxon, D. I)., of
New York City Board of Home Missions, at
7:30 p. m. Sabbath school at 9:40. Chris-
tian Endeavor, 5:30 and 6:30 p. m. Wednes-
da- 8 p. m.', midweek Bervlce. All are cor-
dially invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and Flllmore sts. — Rev. John Hemphtll,
D.D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock.
Rev. John Dlxon. D.D., secretary I.'oaid
Home Missions, will preach. Evening serv-
ice at 7:30 o'clock. The pastor will preach.
! Sabbath school at 9:30 a. m. Christian En-
deavor meeting at t>:«0 p. m. Prayer meet-
, ing Wednesday evening at S o'clock. All are
cordially invited.
; TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twenty-
third and Capp sts. — Pastor, Rev. Edward K.
i Strong. Rev. W. 8. Young, D. D... of Los
Angeles, will preach morning and evening — at
11 and 7:30. Bible school at noon. Endeavor
Society at C:30 p. in. Strangers welcome at
; all services
j FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Maacn sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.
i It., pastor, will preach at both . services. At
1 11 a. m., topic, "A Successful .Wrestler."
At -7:45 r- n»., topic, "No Condemnation
Now." AH are cordially invited.
THIRD Congregational. 15th. near ' Mission—
Kev. .William Rader. - pastor, will preach at
. both service*. At 11 a. m.. "The Gospel of
Nazareth." At 7:30 p. m., first in series of
j special sermons — ''The- Bitter Cry of Out-
! cast London, or a Sermon from the Slums."
! CALIFORNIA-STREET Methodist Episcopal
t Church, corner California and Broderlck sts.
. Rev. L. M. Hartley. D. D.. State superin-
tendent of the Anti-Saloon League, will
preach in the morning at 11 o'clock. - The
i pastor. Rev. George A. Hough, will preach
j In the evening at 7:30; subject, "A Com-
: fortlng Assurance/' Sunday school at 9:45.
; Epworth League at 8:30. Dr. George B.
• ' Bmythe will speak, to the league. AH seat*
j -tree. Strangers cordially welcomed. -
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist .-Episcopal
• Church, corner, of Hayes and Buchanan
sis.— Rev. James H. N. Williams, pastor.
-Subject of 'the pastor's morning sermon,
"The Paradox of the Cross.'.' Evening
theme. "Sleeping Sentinels, a Discussion of
City Conditions." All seats free. Good
music by large chorus choir.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission *t., be-
tween Sixth and ; Seventh — The pastor. Dr.
Geo. W. White, will be In the pulpit both
- morning -and evening; Mr. Rolla V. Watt,
superintendent of the Sunday school, has
returned his Eastern trip and will be
in charge of the school at 12:45 m.: Mr.'
Hatch, president of the Golden Gate Union.
will lead the Christian Endeavor meeting at
6:15 p. - m.; - subject. "Good Citizenship."
Everybody welcome to all services; good
nruslc." ' - - -- ¦ •--•- •—;-_..-.,
> FIRST Church of Christ • (Scientist), Central
block. 223 Putter St.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science : service . at 11 a. m.
Subject of . lesson ¦ sermon, "Everlasting. Pun-
ltbmcnt."^ Sunday-school • for children at
• the same hour. Wednesday evening meeting
at , 8 o'clock. ' Free reading-room, , 20« Kear-
ny st.. rooms 609-510.' ' All are welcome. '
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings
in Elks' Hall -'223 Sutter st. : subject- this
evening. "Is ! Organization a Success?" : Spe*
cial christening service; social Monday even*
leg, 610 Flllmor* st.
CHintCH SERVICES — Contlnded.
GRACE Church, California st.. corner Stock-
ton.; Rev. DavJd J. Evans, rector — Celebra-
tion of holy communion • 8 a. m.; morning
service. 11 a m.: Te Deum and Juoiliit-j.
Buck's service In B minor; Offertory. "I"^
This Is Our God." Case. . S
SPECIAL SERVICES FOR THE BRITISH
SOCIETIES COMMEMORATING TRAFAL-
GAR DAY.
Service in D (Dr. Illffe); anthem. "Lead, Kind-
ly Light" (Dykes); offertory, barytone solo,
"Arm. Arm Ye Lrave" (Handel). The rector
will deliver the sermon at both services.
J Organls land choirmaster, William H. Holu
• TRINITY Church Bush and Gough sts.— Rev.
Frederick W. Clampctt. D.D., rector. Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m. Sunday school. 9 :3<)
a. m. Morning service. 11 o'clock. Even-
ing service. 8 o'clock. Rev. James Hulme.
assistant, will preach at both services. You
are heartily invited. • • .-' '
FIRST Baptist Church. 520 Eddy st. — Rev.
E. R. Bennett preaches 11 a. .r.i. and 7:30
p. m.; Bible school 12:30 p. m.; Christian
Endeavor meeting o:.".0 p. m. ; prayer meet-
ing Wednesday, . 7:45- p. m. - All cordially
Invited to these services; seats free.
{ A GREAT rally of men will be held to-day at
3 o'clock in the Young Men's Christian Associ-
ation Auditorium,- Mason and Ellis ets., to be
adureFsed by Kev. George C. Adams, D. D. :
subject. "The Greatest Possible Sacrifice.'
Music by the Robson Orchestra and the Gold-
en Gate Male Quartet. All scats in the hall
free to men. The Sunday Club sacred' con-
cert follow* the address. Men only. . ¦«
MEETIHOS — STWDAY.
'•KEXItADIO'S" wonderful "public" free heal-
ing meetings, 2 and 8 p. m. to-day (dally) ;
bring your sick. Radium Hall, 783% Mar-
ket and 1 Fourth (cor. Market and Fourth).
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
.voyance. Office 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott SS7.
I MRS. EBERHARDTS tests to-night. 10c. 267
San Jose ave.. between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth sts; readings dally.
TESTS. Scottish Hall. 8 p. m.. 10c; messages,
Maxwell. Wrenn, Hovet, McKee, Samuels,
others; lecture.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister St.— Mrs.C.
J. Meyer; sit. dally; tests to all every ev.: 10c
•ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S evening circles
to-night. 10c; readings 60c. $1. 148 Sixth st.
! TESTS. I. O. O. F. bldg.. 7th-Market; 2-7:30.
Wilson; 7:30, Mr. Hargrave, Dr. Cowan; 10c
MME. YOUNG'S test meet to-night: Mrs. Seal
lectures. 619 McAllister; 10c Come skeptics.
MRS. STODDARD'S ' select full test read se-
ances, 25c; Sun., Tues.; sits, dally. 278 9th.
CIRCLE to-night, 10c. PR.OF.SABLJCK. Egyp-
j tian occult, daily 10 a_m. to 8 p.m. 700 Ellis.
W. Q. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night excont Saturday: 10c. 14S Sixth st.
CHILDREN'8. Lyceum every Sunday, Market
and Seventh, Odd Fellows, No. 8.
' MME. V1GERS' test meeting i to-night. 10c.
14S Sixth su: alttlngs dally,
MEBTIWGS — THEOSOPHICA1.
THE Theosophlcal Society. Academy of Sci-
ences Hall— Public lecture 8 p. m. by Mr.
F. M. Willis; subject. "The Crucifixion."
Music by Prof. W. H. Llpscombe.
SPITOAY LECTTJBES.
! DIl. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture this
1 evening. Electricians' Hall, 35 Eddy st.
8ubject, "The Brain and Its Functions,"
! followed by views of a "Night In Venice."
: Free tickets will be distributed for X-ray
exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening.
Remember the question box. Special music.
O. N. ORLO"S subject. Golden Gate (upper)
Hall :
. "The Master Knot of. Human Fate."
Piano and vocal solos, 8 p. m. Admission
free.
CAMPAIGN rally— Socialist. Wednesday, 8
p. m., Harmony Hall, 1749 Mission. Speak-
ers, Frank R. 'Whitney, candidate for Con-
gress, Fifth 1 District: Franklin Jordan of
Colorado and Arthur Morrow Lewis.
"RHXRADIO'S" wonderful public free heal-
ing meetings. 2 and 8 p. m. to-day (dailv>.
Bring your sick.' Radium Hall, 783^ Market
and 1 Fourth (cor. Market and Fourth).
"SCIENCE OF BEING," ' service . and address
"by Sarah J. " Watklns, -Chicago College. Sun-
day. 8 p. m. : Odd Fellows', building. Market
and Seventh sts. Seats free. r . .. .
VEDANTA Society. Sw«nl Trigunatlta's lec-
ture to-night at 8 on "What Is Marriage
According to Vedanta?" at 40 Stelner at.;
I admission 25c. ...
: MISS FRANCES E. SPEYER of Minneapolis
1 will speak at Golden Gate Hall to-day. 11
a. m. Subject, "Man's Right to Freedom."
BEN HANFORD, candidate for Vice President
on the Socialist ticket, 'Alhambra Theater,
8 p. m., Tuesday, Nov. 1. Free. Come early.
5 CARMEN'S Hall, to-night at 8. Socialist
meeting. Harry McKee, national organiser,
speaks. Free. » •
DR. BETTERO. free lecture, east parlor. Golden
Gate Hall. 625 Sutter. "Oriental Breathing."
MXETIKO ' UTOTICgB.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O.
¦ F.— Initiation MONDAY EVEN-^^SSgfe
B. F. LEDFORD. N. G. r>9 SB»S)^
ODIN Lodge No. 393, I. O. O. F.— ogWKMfe
Initiation WEDNESDAY. Oct.^SRtogfe
26. Visiting brothers cordially
GEORGE G. MOREN. ¦ N. G..
SWAN CHYTRAUS. Seer .
COURT Defiance No. 23, Foresters of m _•
America — Officers and members are 1^
requested to assemble at our hall, £jT
120 O'Farrell et., SUNDAY. Oct. 3JW_
23. 1004, at 12:30 p. m., to attend *C»>
the funeral of our late brother. F. J. HORN.
Members of sister courts are Invited to at-
tend. I. K. LEWIS, Chief Ranger.
Attest: A. WASCH. Secretary.
THE officers and members of the Grand JJjZijj*
Grove, United Ancient Order Druids of tTUT
California, will assemble at Druids' ™ ¦
Hall 413 Sutter St.. S. F., SUNDAY. Octo-
ber 23, 1904, at 1 o'clock p.' m., for the pur-
pose of holding funeral ceremony over our
late Grand Treasurer. FRANK J. HORN.
' All groves of San Francisco and vicinity t»
requested to attend the funeral. By order 01
CHS. DE LEGH. Noble Grand Arch.
JAMES F. MARTINONI. Grand Secretary.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Good-'V^SS 7
fellowship Camp 9633.-M. W. of A., Ivy
ir.eeU every 1 MONDAY NIGHT at lX/Sl\
Fraternity Hall. 35 Eddy St.. San tfv
Francisco. W. H. EDWARDS, V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckels building.
THE S. F. SCOTTISH THISTLE v «"Z~
¦ CLUB will hold their twenty-third 3^ Q J?3
annual Hallowe'en party In Lyric. X*JkXs5?
Hall, 119 Eddy St.. FRIDAY. , *»§3**
EVENING, Oct. 2S; grand entertainment and
dance: admission 25 cents. . *
GEO. W.. PATERSON. Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE, Recorder. •
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
process from N. H. Burger, In Dry Gulch
Gravel Mine, near Pleasant Valley, El Dorado
County. Cal., draining into Clear Creek,
which reaches Cosumnes River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 96 Flood bldg., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. October 81. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ..
; AOXNTB WAaTBD. ' " ,' " ¦
AGENTS — Salary or ? commission; . greatest
' agents' seller * ever produced ; every user of
1 pen and Ink "buys on sight; 200 to COO per
cent profit: 1. agent's sales $620 in 6 days;
• another $32 in 2 hours. • 'Monroe Mfg; CO., X
154; La Crosse, Wls. -
WE p"V *36 a week and' expenses to men with
rljrs to introduce poultry compound; year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54, . Par-
sons, Kans.'
AOENTS->- An ¦ agency for a proposition that Is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building. ;
AGENTS, either sex, ' for : the" - Standard Self •
1 . FUHng, Belf-'Cleanlng Fountain > Pen; big
1 . profits. Western Mf rs. Agency, 916 Market.
RELIABLE brokers ¦*• and * agents ¦ wanted to
; handle stock of first-class mining corpora-
tfen. Box 1457. Call office. Oakland. "
; WANTED— Experienced high grade solicitors.
Call bet. 0 and 10, 569 . Parrott building.
INKI.ESS . fountain . pens; sample ? 15e; 4osea
$1 50: retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush st.
PERFUMES.* cosmetic*.: flavoring powders Pa-
; /•clflc Agents' Supply Co.. 1220 Treat ave.
' . ¦/;¦¦. ¦.: ; AUOPTXOW.V ;¦ _ /'-¦/- .
1 WANTED— Baby toT adopt; under": 1 year- boy
1 • , i preferred. Box . 1467,'. Call j offlee, Oakland. ; •'
A HEALTHY/ baby^ boy <:-. for 5 adoption. ? 1 Dr
I Erallle Funk*, 141$ Elghta it., Alameda,
A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at ' $12 and
is no good; for 22 years I've. made divorces
a specialty; quick; quiet; no money needed:
no pay. unless divorce is granted; perfectly
¦ reliable: lowest, fees; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. WV HOWE. 1122 Market st.
W. MATTHEWS. 632 Market St.— Consultation
free, private and confidential: no advance
tees; business promptly and legally . transact-
\ cd; collections, .mechanics' liens, .. tenants
-j-. ejected; probate:, loans on real estate: safe.
( sound investments at highest rate of Interest.
n. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
6th fioor; entrance room 611; established 2tJ
'.years; all ' courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3101.
PENSION Att'y— M. Harris. 016 Mkt. St.. rm.
51; 15 years' practice; ref. many thousands
of soldiers, tailors, widows and orphans on
Pacific Coast for whom I have secured pen-
sions.
AA— Divorce; costs $12;qulck,qulet:adviee free;
all. law business; no charge unless »>ucces»-
ful. open evenings. 927 Market st.. room 301.
ADVICE ! free; divorce ' costs $12; no fee* or
- costs In advance: all law business: of nee
open Saturday evenings. 810 Market St.. r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $1J: quick, quiet;
all law business; no chanre unless success-
ful : open evenings. 027 Market, room 204.
I L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304: consult*-
j tion free; no fees in advance: open evenings.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— ThTweekly Call.
j, IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c. 23c. 60c. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
al*o Wlshart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
ASTBOi;OQY %
CONSULT Astor. famous N. Y. astrologer: 1
man of ability. 097 Market; booklet mailed.
ZOBEIDE. astrologer: psychic, occult and as-:
trolcgical readings. 9 Mason St.. rooms 1-2. I
ATTTOaiOBII.ES.
SNAP. ?175— This week. "Locomobile" with,
extra seat; good running order; nearly $10O
worth of extras on It: must be sold. Call or
write 675 Thirty-sixth St., Oakland.
I "B"' CADILLAC; used 3, months;' complete
I with lamps, baskets, extra tires, etc.; price
$000. 513 Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
CADILLAC for $650; better than new. as it
haa only been run 5 months. Address box
1G92. Call office.
PIERCE motorettes. one new, one almost new,
at a bargain. 123 City Hall ave.
BICYCLES— Tor Sale or Exchange.
WANTED— Second-hand lady'* bicycle; chain-
less, with coaster. Price, box 3807. Call. 1
t BOARPTJTQ FOB CHIIPIEH.
GOOD home for 2 children; fine location; near
Haywards; 2 years of age or over. Address
Call Agency, Haywards.
A PRIVATE family will board a girl from 3
to 8: nice home. S85 Oak st.
CHILD to board: private family: good care;
sewing and piano; reasonable. 2432 Mission.
WANTED— A little girl to board. 2262 Mis-
sion st. - , * ,
WANTED— A little girl to board. 1015 Jack-
son st.
WANTED — Children to room and board. 921
Jackson St., rear.
WANTED— To board a child. 1042 Larkin st.
CHILD'S board. MRS. R-, 3771 Twentieth st.
WANTED — A email child to board in private
family; best of care. . M'.l 14 Greenwich et.
WANTED— To take care of baby at home; best
references. MRS. C. , 1900 Stockton st.
WANTED— A child to board. Apply 2260 Mis-
slon st.
.^^^ jjgcg^MBCTioM^ pryixrBS^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country Pacific Collection Co., 413
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
COLLECTION AQEBrCEEB.
WANTED — Bills ; to collect under 2 .years'
' ' standing by -- competent - and - reliable man.
-. For information' apply to A. T. , 8IGEL-
KOFF, »7^ Market St.." room 104. ;" " .
CI.OTHIJTQ BEBTOTATTjrO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
jt^i^S3^ ogAarcES. _ -_ _•_
|1700 — FIRST-CLASS roadhouse and saloon In
typical location for climate, health and busi-
ness; adjoins Oakland: free from fogs and
sheltered from the winds; one block to cars;
a snap. ALDEN CO.. 1233. Broadway.Oakland
$7500 — FIRST-CLASS saloon proposition; Oak- '
• land: best In city; 6 years' lease: In dead
center of town; a close Investigation solic-
ited and must be Bold, if at all, within 10
days. ALDEN, 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
$1600 — GENERAL produce business for sale
at a bargain; Oakland: profits" over $200
. month; must sell this week; sickness. AL-
DEN, 1233 Broadway. Oakland. .
$3000— FURNISHING goods store In center of
city; good stock and business; rent $50, with
lease; sickness: a snap. ALDEN, 1233
' Broadway • K)akland. ' ¦ . • •
WANTED — For an established ' business, part- !
ner with $10,000 capital to help to enlarge
and execute; extensive orders on hand; me-
chanical line: Investigation invited. Box
1465, Csll office, Oakland.
CARRIAGE . trimming, harness and carriage
business; great sacrifice on account of loss of
eyesight. THEODORE FRANK. 373 Tenth
St., Oakland. - ,x->
- BUSINESS associate wanted; lady or gentle-
man; Investment $200 to $1000; profits larga. '
• work agreeable.; investments and profits
guaranteed. , P. O. box 424, Oakland. Cal.
PARTNER In coffee ¦ saloon ; big business; act
as cashier; $450 required. Box 89C5, Call.
FINE delicacy store, near Market St.; clear-
Ing- blf money; cash business; long lease;
best chance for man. and wife. Inquire at
, 49 Mason at.
A CANDY store; must sell; any reasonable
offer accented. Inquire 1427 Market st.
BRIGHT, business man, ", with J2300, will find
best. chance ever was offered for sale; me-
chanic preferred; state age and your former
occupation; references required. Box 341'J. !
Call office. ,
FOR sale — ?C00; corner grocery and retail
liquor store, with five living rooms; good
location; well established; rent $30. Apply
350 Preclta ave. ¦.
AN excellent paying grocery business; good
trade;. good routes: rent reasonable, as pro-
prietor owns building. Box 1454. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott square,
Buffalo.
$1200 A YEAR for life secured by small month-
ly payments for a short time only. , INVES-
, TOR,v 518 Parrott building. , ; V
- SNAP— Grocery and bar; long lease; low
. rent; bargain; doing good business. Inquire
at 3153 Twenty- fourth st. , ... ...
;• FOR' sale— Bar: 7 furnished living rooms and
'.large dance hall; 5 years' lease; on Mission
; 1 road.-E.<MONI. 810 Pacific, bet. 8 & 9 a. m.
j ACTIVE man wanted as partner in chophouse;
; 5150 required; can make $60 a month. 632
, j Market St., room 6. ¦ - * . •-;
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, : with 4 living rooms; can't be beat.
; 788 Hayes st.' , -; ¦. ¦- \ . •,. :
A WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon (here for 12
years) for sale on account of retiring. Box
1749. Call office.- - ,. ,' ; .,/¦ r
' RESTAURANT, for sale In the Mission; con-
¦ ¦¦- venlent to transfer corner. Address box 1M4.
¦ j . - Call Office. ;,. ;_ . . - .;.--- v. . ¦¦-. ¦ ¦ .-. .";::¦ ¦.-¦'.-_: *^
' 1 DESIRABLE: city lot* to exchange for a busi-
ness. Address, with ¦- particulars, - box 1000,
Call offlee. ..--¦¦-¦¦<.. .,•...;.,¦..,_
A COR. grocery delicatessen, with 2 furn. rms;
j rent $15; 3-year lease. 1300 Church st. ¦¦.;¦.
\ GROCER Y ' and ¦ bar. V Inquire. Anchor Brewery.'
•':.< 1431 Pacific st.;. > , ,-,.,,.;; •
' ¦ SALOON and • dance . hall ' (or sal* cheap.' Ap-
j ; ply 316 Front sL ¦ , .¦¦ , ¦ .-. . . ; .
1 '.. FOR sale-^Frult ; store cheap. ,2 Eighth st. , ;;
. WANTED— Partner: 15 rooms 'and' bar; 8
v :yenr «' : l« aBe - "210 and 212 East st." ; >
i FOR sale—^Restaurant i factory district: * lease;
i V Uo.uor license. Address box 8, 1941 MiMioo.THE^SANgERANGISGO^ALIi^
43
xoponrq-HOTTSES ros saxe— coa.
WINSTON. WOLF &' WHITMAN.
Hotels, Apartment Housea. Lodging Housei and
Flata. " j
Insurance. Loans.
1026 Market ft. 1026 Market st.
14 rooma. rent $60; Pine at.; 4 rooma unfur-
¦ulahed. only $250; see this.
•I rooma, rent $15; corner; reduced to $650;
a menf j- maker.
14 rooma. rent $70; 8 furniahed; this ia a
enap at $320.
40 rooms, rent $70; reduced to $1375; same
owner 8 yeara; north of Market.
S7 rooms, near Market: lease; rent $110; must
sell; $1100; a bargain.
21 rooms, rent $75; near Van Ness; must sell;
asking $1200. part cash.
SO rooma. long lease, rent $370; finest In city;
reduced to $5700. -*
IF you are looklsr for flats we have them
leas than auction prices. -
WINSTON. WOLF & WHITMAN.
Phene Jeesle 2211. 1026 Market et.
A WEEK'S newa for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CAJaTET BEATUTQ AJTD CLBAJHrO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process use4
(or cJ eaulr k carpets on floor without removal ;
carpets and ruga also cleaned by compressed
air at •hop; prices moderate. 8. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market at.;
phones Main 112 and Bosh 479. , 7
WHEN yoa become disgusted with your work
sead for SPAULDDXG'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
tag works. 85B-3&7 Tehama at. TeL South 40.
'WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO* Har-
rison at.; Al cleaning. 3c' FRED HAGB-
PORN * CO.: phone Mission 225.
COKKT.TN'3 Superior Carpet Beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate are. Telephone East 129.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. — First-class
carpet cleaning. Se yard. TeL Mlaaion 74.
CISSLOW cleans carpets best and cheapest;
furniture moved. 60S Larkin; phone East 745.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st,;
teL Main 894. GEO. WALCOM * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.; teL Mission 263.
A WEEK'S newa for 8 centa— The Weekly Call.
. 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per y*tr.'
P.c.H'xlH'l'M. * s
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 60; fillings, 60c;
plates $6; full cet; all work palnleas and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
t>B~ LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old platea made over- like new; teeth
fr-cm $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 23c.
GOLD fllUngs, 76c; t liver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundaya. Dr. A. C.Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgecn-dentlst.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
CR. R. L. WALSH haa moved from Geary at.
to corner Eutter and Grant ave. ,
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlata. Dr. Perklna. Mgr.. »C9 Mission, cor. 6th
amsianBa AJro seamstresses.
McDOWELL SYSTEM OF DRESSCUTTING
receives trold medal above all others at Et.
Louis exposition; fits every form; follows every
fashion; everything from basting to designing
tacght; beat course In millinery given en the
coast; patterns cut to measure.
McDOWELL SCHOOL, 1019 Market st.
MRS. TtONCELLI. millinery. French dreaa-
rnaklng. removed to 2923 Sixteenth at. from
140SV4 Powell et.
JUST from Paris — Madame Olga. dressmaking
for ladlea and mlasea. S27 Geary at., opposite
Et. Francis.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Pa tterna cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art'c button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
CI^LIKVOYAjrTS.
THE greatest living adviser on the continent, '
RICHARD MAYO.
Reduced charges this week.
Full life reading.' $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
At a glance, before you have a chance to j
ctter one word, he will tell you what you call j
for; give datee, facta and names of departed j
or absent friends; he tells every wish of your j
life, how to gain success In love, courtship, j
marriage, divorce; whether you'll be success- I
ful in business affairs: in fact, no matter what j
may be your fear, hope or ambition, call on I
this gifted man and find relief; his descrip- |
tions of your friends and enemies are as real 1
a* though they stood before you; he will send
you away happier, and bolder than ever
before; tells you whom and when you- will
marry, settles love Quarrels, promptly reunites
the separated, no matter bow long standing,
positively mentioning your sweetheart'a full
name: he tella everything, good -or bad: you
hear -tbe truth and nothing but the truth; ail
business confidential. 421 Ellis st. (private),
walk In ; hours, 10 to B, dally and Sunday.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1.
The great— ELLSMERE..EUsmere — the great
Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the greatest
clairvoyant In the world; tells your name.
what you called for, whom and when you will
man-;*, about business, etc. ; EHsmere is differ-
ent from other clairvoyants, because he does
¦what they claim to do; things that are beyond
ordinary understanding, things that seem Im-
possible; he plvcs you Information, relief, suc-
cess, satisfaction, power and control of any
character affecting any one or anything past,
present or future: be tella you Just what you
may expect and what to do for your best in-
terests in any matter: he awakena a natural
force within and around you, giving you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of^any trouble.
Influence, unhapplness, disease, poverty, fall-
tire or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens
- up a way for success and happinesa you de-
eln*: a jower to secretly change the thoughts,
actions, habits or intentions of any one. even
miies away: remember there is no guesswork •
. when you consult him: if affairs of the heart
or emotions of love interest you, he gives i
exact and truthful ad vie on all love affairs; !
he advices you how to settl* lovers' quarrels
and enables you to win the esteem and love of 1.
•my ene you desire. j
3 offices. 10G7>& Market street. 3 offices. <
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mall. $2.'
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Bia former $5 reading this week for $L
PAUL DESTINE.
The firrt registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell if hus-
band, wife or sweetheart la true or false.
whom and when you will marry; In fact. I
will tell everr hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself ; I will Improve
your condition so you Trill reach the greatest
posalble strength in mental and bodily vigor
ernd I»ch that insures success in business,
mining and speculation; I implant controlling
power in your nature so you ran fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love.
bring back your loved cne and cacse marriage
with the one of cho'ce. 10 A. M. to S P. M.
Closed Sunday. 326— O'Farrell st.— 328.
FROM all sections they cone to -witness the
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings *1. Would it not
toe a relief to know how yoa will uncceed. .
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies
that you stray meet with bettrr sure?**? Then
for a reliable readins go to LIVINGSTONE
428 Eddy St.; three separate reception .par-
lors; lady attendant*; hour* 10 a.m.-S p.m.
A-rMlsa M. WHK 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal mttr and life reader, will tell yoa exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names riven; special. (1; houra 10 to S.
MMB. PORTER, clairvoyant. . medium, born
with double. veil and second sight; tella past,
present, future; 1. W>c; e. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 303 Joaea, near Eddy.
ISMAR, Egyptian •ecrese. The Vcndorae. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m. to 6 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. C to 8. Phoae South, 1141.
MRS, - A. IL KROXENBERG, palmist clalr-
voyant. card reader: when (others fall try
me: pood readlDga 20c 721 Franklin st., near
Golden Gate are.; tel. Larkin 4207.
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Kv-
a.ns. famous -psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyance. Office, 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott, 887.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. and palm. •
reveals love, marriage, business,- etc; L. 60c:
G. 51; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; busineaa advice;
. Barnes given: 25c up. 8 Kills st.. rear Market
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, haa
returned; slttlnga dally. 108 6th at., rooma 1-2.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, i card 5 reading, tea
leaves; 2Sc up. f.12% Eddy et.; no sign. 7 '
MRS. RICHARDSON, from . London. England.'
7 clairvoyant card rea&sr.V 3J3, Ellis;, no alxa. ;
" CT j aibvo TAH - t8 _ Contlnned.
aa— . - -. : - ¦ . . . - ;¦..-¦ <*
KHIRON.
Greatest Ll\1ng ¦ Clalni-oyant Adviser
on business, law. love, marriage, divorce,
and all domeatic and financial dUflcultlea. '
1 JJ ' '. ;/ * Omar Khayyam,
__ The Great Astronomer- Poet of '.
Persia In the eleventh century, wrote:
Up from Earth's center. *
Through the Seventh Gate
' roee— and on the Throne of Saturn Sate.
And many a Knot Unravell'd -by the Road,
But not the Master Knot of Human Fate.
There waa a Door. +¦'. ¦
To which I found no Key, :
There waa a Veil, through which
I could not See.
-.The march of civilization haa advanced 800
years since - the above trite philosophy - was
written. Has any one ."Unravell'd the Master
Knot of Human Fate?" The great secret of
existence, the aecret of how to aucceed and
overcome the many difficulties and setbacks In
this life Is the problem that is perplexing the
multitude.
Scientific investigation and research haa
forced the doors of many. a dark chamber and
robbed It of Its supernatural horrora. Just ao
has the Penetrating Eye of Clairvoyance *'Un-
ravell'd-many a Knot." where the poor way-
farer had almost given up In despair.
KHIRON, THE FAMOUS CLAIRVOYANT.
EEER AND HEALER,
Has demonstrated to hundreds of people . in
this city that be Is a' Positive Master of
Occult Forcea. His remarkable demonstrations
of second sight must be witnessed to be be-
lieved. Are you one of the many, thousands
who are groping in the dark, through failure
In buslnesa, disappointment in love or married
UfeT Are you unhappy, discontented, discour-
aged T Does everything aeem- to go wrong?
Can't you solve, the problem? Do you wish
to possess the key to the vaults . of Success,
Love and Happiness? If eo consult at once
the acknowledged leader ot all clairvoyants —
Khlron.
The true Secret of Success lies in striking
Juat the JUght Thing at the Right Time. What
la your true Vocation? . President Roosevelt,
Dowie the Prophet, Sluggrer Jeffries, Inventor
Edi6on. Judge Parker, Mother Jones, Mrs.
Eddy, Wireless Marconi." ' Millionaire Morgan
found . something to do and did It. Do some-
thing, better than any one else has done it
and you will become both famous . and rich.
Start right.. Get busy and keep busy. If you
are on the wrong track. Start over. Khlron.
has started hundreds on the road to success.
He can help you, no matter how hopeless your
case may eeem to you. If you are in ill
health and the doctors have failed to give you
relief, call and tsee what Khiron can do for
you. In all cases if he cannot help you it
will cost you .nothing. No misleading state-
ments or false hopes. Positively renews youth
and restores Lost Vitality. Teaches the true
Hindoo Secret of how to Control. As a con-
vinclr.c test In readings, tells full names that
you know, and positively will' make no charge
unless you obtain the Information for which
you called to consult him. Reunited separated
and aecures marriage with one you love. Tells
when and who you will marry. How to win In
business, investments, divorce, and all legal
and domestic difficulties. Special Limited Fee
SI. Success cuaranteed. Hours 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. ; Sundays, 11 to r>. CaU to-day.
KHIRON. 1031 Market street— 103L
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in aU affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 43C9.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader. 423 Geary et.; ladlea only.
MME. GABRIEL, from the East; palmist, card
reader. 765 Market at., r. 2. opp. Phelan bid.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 26c; 2 to 9 p. m. 512 Jessie at.
MRS. .BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. U now at 317 E1IU st , /
MME. MARSEAU. card, reader; ladlea 25c;
cents 60c 645 Minna st. . „
• BrrairpAi«isra.
MRS. BURR (formerly Anthony), medium, re-
moved to 32 Rltch st., off Folsom, bet.
Third and' fourth.' f
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clalr-
voyaace. Otflre. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs. Bird's circle to-night. Tues. and Thurs-
day eve.; readings dally., 235 Larkin at. .
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
lite reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
A — MRS. CRINDLE.' special seance- Sunday
eve.; friends only; COc. 323 Ellis st.
AIRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium and life
. reader; dr. ev. evg 10c; read daily. 43 6th.
C. MAYO STEERE. trance medium. 305 Larkin.
room 49; readings 1 to 6; teL | South 319.
FALMISTBT.
MADAME DEVAS. palmist and aatrologer.
Llebea bldg., 139 Poet st.;. hours. 10 to 5.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city;
ladlea 25c. genta 60c. 26% Kearny at.
'V » gPiycATioarAx. '
A — THE LyC'-um, an accredited preparatory
¦chool for university, law and medical col-
leges; refe. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayrea Business Col-
' lege. has returned;, bookkeeping, penmanship,
fhorthand. typing; $5 month; life scholarship
(50; positions secured; day, ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Geraon School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Eend for catalogue. Native Sona* building.
MRS. PAULA ANGERMUENDE. conservatory
Bare], Switzerland; lessons and dally prac-
tice at studio, $G per month. 860 McAllis-
ter st. /
INSTRUCTION given In grammar and high
. school branches. Including Latin. - Address
Instructor. 432 Fair Oaka at.; phone Church
301. -' ¦¦¦'.¦ >...¦¦•
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., tnech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; eat. 1864; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING, Ena... math., etc. ; day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkin at.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac Bus.' CoL
CLASSES In short story writing and 'Journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m..
333 Phelan bldg; terms, very reasonable.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new,' large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting po-
fltlcnK. S. B. Business. College, 733 Mission.
VOCAL Instruction— MUs Florence Perkins.
1S25 Eddy ft. ; reception' hours Tuesday and
Saturday. 5 to 7 p. ru. - . - '. .¦ ¦'.. " ./' 7 ¦
HIGH school mathematics, coaching; time
aaved and study made easy; mall;, evenings.
. 20 Hartford at. , *
Ar-GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1282 Market at. Send for. catalogue.
A— MOVED to I2S1 Market st.: la/ge aunny
quarters. Western Bualness College. -
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.: positions secured. R.H; Webster.- Proa.'
CAL. school ' elocution, oratory, > phya. < culture;
day.; eve. Y. M; C. A. bids-. Mason; & Ellis.
ZITH ER lessons irlven | by Max Maler. i teacher
of zither. ' 304 A ; Turk st..- near . Leavon worth.
DANCES for the *ta«re: guaranteed hitn. SAI-
- DEE. GERARD BUG BEE> studio 1053 Bush.
PRIVATE lessons in telegraphy; rapid success
assured to ftudents. 240 Scott St., nr. a Halght.
PIANO lessons.1 23c half-hour. A MRS; PECK.
7 experienced ,teacher,' ;> 1013 Mission, ' near. 6th.'
SPANISH,' classes "and private ;' firth successful
- year of teaching. PROF. t MATA.^ 427, Sutter.
KENT'.Law. School; day and nlcht; send- for«
¦ particulars. ! 636 Parrott building. . . .
SPECIAL instruction '• for backward J puplla , in
all branches." . Box 3 136. Call office.
LESSONS given I In I gold ! and sliver engraving.
• Box 3850. ; Call, of flee. j; ., T -7 r
MANDOLIN r and ", plano'^ lessons : given" at 11,
.-;iiaieht.et;-~ .- '-;¦'-. "-'> '.-¦'¦¦ .-¦>'¦.'¦¦ ':
PIANO lessens given; : 75c a* lesson.' 315 . Hyde
„» street...", r; -.'" '' ¦ . : , ' '¦-. '-.-:'£"." ' " - •-. --'.7. ¦
ARITHMETIC,.: algebra. '* grammar, *-. writing,
. ets.: <S »o- '• • Private.' 1281 Market at,;' r. 704. ¦
SPANISH.French.etcProf.De Flllppe'sAcademy
!.. . of languages/ 1018 Poat; est. 1871; ablest profs
CHICAGO Business CoUege,"- 1439 Market— Poal«"
- tlona,- fhorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.'
-:- * iv-: •,-'¦:->.- '¦••• •>;¦., ,•.:'¦¦ •<.>¦/'-'¦ < -¦¦ ¦•;
. . - ED TJCATIOKAXr— Continued.
ENGLISH Uught to foreigners; -quick method.
For terms and particulars,' address by letter
only, E. B., 727 Geary at;. . ; ;.',":
GUITAR."? mandolin .and ~ piano,* |3 1 per " mo. ;
mandolin club. |1 per mo. . 828 Halght ; at
ADULT and Juvenile claasea now open. Hln-
man's School . ot, Dancing.. 1412 'Polk.' nr. : CaL*
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
aonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINOTON'S. 424 Pine at.— Night claaa.
ISAAC Pitman Business .College. 345 Halght;
individual lnBtruc; all branches; day. eve.
CALIFORNIA . Business : l College.?" 925 : Golden
Gate ave.. S. F.: 75-page catalog on request.
» , ' EBtPLOTTtlENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
•supplies beat help promptly; city or country.
' B. IMURA.. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261;
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL. '.' 600 Hearst eld.
A — ORPHEUM j Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. «426 Powell at. V teL? Main 8753.
JAPANEfiE-Chlnese Emp. Office.. 415 Stockton;
. beat help. Frits Tamagakl, mgr., tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton: Main 8188.-
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab; 20 years..
Tel. Main 1997. BRADhEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
rnq»i.o'v miiht wahtod-^ raMALE.
POSITION aa typewriter copylat- few hours In
forenoon. Box 3626. Call office.' V :
A-DRESSMAKER wants work; $1 60 day.
' 1258 Howard at. , , .- " t
COMPETENT nurse wanta position. S Box S544,
. Call office.;- -¦ .: - ; ' ¦ .-. -.
A YOUNG lady would like poaition as nurse in
private family. Box 3509, Call office.
WANTED — Position as saleslady in atore. . Ap-
¦ ply 827 Alice at. , .
DRESSMAKER would like a- few more en-
gagements. 43 Sixth "st., "room '46. ."
WANTED — A place as dressmaker. 831 ' Cle-
- jtnentlca St.- .- : 7 -.'¦-. '
WANTED— Copying to do at home. Address
box 3470. CaU office. . • .
CLEANING, washing, scrubbing or I any I kind
of light work during the day. Box 3490,
, CaU office. ; • v -
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
• best references. Box 3438, Call office. 7 •
WANTED — Housework and cooking; $20 to S25*.
Box 3442, Call office.- ¦'
WANTED — Position as lunch and dinner walt-
ress. Box 3443. CaU office. ¦ \ -
A YOUNG' lady wishes a- position for light
housework. CaU, at 169 Minna at.
WANTED— Housecleanlng or washing by the
day. Call 345 Eighth st.
POSITION as companion to elderly lady. 44
Sixth st.
YOUNG lady would like to learn waiting In
private boarding-house. Box 3446. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 111A Silver
street; '
A YOUNG lady would like a position as entry
clerk.- Box 3437. Call office.- •
EXPERIENCED rhirseglrf wishes position to
take charge of one or two children: Address
box 3441, Call office. .
-_— — — __ .¦ -.. — ¦ ¦ —
PLAIN sewing wanted. : 7 Wheat at.
WANTED — Position as managing housekeep-
er. Box- 8519, Call office. 7
'GMPLO'SCMEflT WAITTED— Temale— Con
AN. experienced copyholder, wants position.' Ad-
... dress box 8645. Call.~7; "•* ; ' L'7V -
COMPETENT nurse .wishes engagements fcon-
1 flnements or invalids; cheerful and painstak-
" Ing ; ~ references ; t moderate * ' terms. 1 : • MRS. '
KING. 1159Turk st. .-. ,::¦ ; ,*¦¦¦ ' ; -;,'<
WANTED— Plain sewing.' 1 ":;. Address MRS. - K.,*
~73427Austln7ave.~- ~rc-:jr-r^' --""". 'T '" ¦" " " : ."'."!•,
A GKRMAN I lady ' would \ Ilk*' place* to go out
- washing, and housecleanlng. . ' Apply ¦¦¦• at 17
• .Victor, etr;^ off ;Bryantr" >-- --7 — 7- " ' ¦
WILLING • woman want* work. 'Apply • 617
;;,--Blrch % ave.7'," : "^ .""-'* .;'7.' ;-'... : " •-•.-• ;-.
LADY, wishes to do' fancy work at home.' -Box
; ; 3567. Call;: :¦-:,' -,...-- '*. ';-¦¦¦, "»- ¦-¦ _
•WANTED— Plain , sewing by : the day. 304
- Van Neas. ave. • - ... .-,- .-7-. , ?.
WANTBDr-Posltlon . as cashier. : 1121' Harr!-
• ! ¦ Bon '¦ a.t'- : '• '•""¦¦ ¦'•'<"* "''".'¦• . - '..-¦• -"'¦.'¦ ,-''.-'••
WANTED^-Plain aewing by the day. 153 te-
.;.-.' hama at.''. .,'-/¦- .'".V * ' ' . ¦ "¦ ' :
NEAT colored girl; waitress or* general house -
"-..work* slty^ references. -2014 .Flllmore st. .' /
LA DY i wanta to do " washing s. by ¦ day; ? 23J6
- Washington' Et. -•¦..-•-•;. ¦ -¦ ' • -,?
WANTED— A position 'as wrapper. :llO7.HoMr-
1 ¦- ard:st. ¦-'. ¦¦: ''"' : '""'-'¦ ''¦" •'-''-'-' v: ¦ : '- : '-"
DRESSMAKER wants more work. -Box 4273.
. Call office. , ¦:¦- .'_>.-: 7 , ; : 7 . ."¦»- .->;- .
WOMAN-, wanta work -by day.'. Call, at ' 845
_:. Howard at. - ' , ¦¦•- '.'.-'¦. '¦¦¦ — s .- . '¦" *. '....-¦¦
WANTED — Poaltlon . aa bookkeeper. Address-
. '95 Market -at. 7^ ¦'¦¦>• - "-7 - .-¦- - • ¦:'-•'¦
WANTED— Position aa . nurae; reference. Box
-.; 3404; Call office. . ¦ -. ¦ '...-:_:
AMERICAN, ! good worker, with. first-class ref-
erences wants washing. Ironing, ', window
and house cleaning. --by. the day or half day.
. Box 4207, Call office..- *'.- r . ."..'.,. ' .. '
SITUATION wanted by a cook, lunch or board-
->lng-houae.^22 : Flrst,Bt. : ...,.,,:.: '.-¦'_-
LADY wishes a- few daya each week at house-
work. Apply ¦ 6S6INatoma at. •".'.-. •..- .''¦: '.'¦ . .'¦
GOOD sewer wants hand sewing to, take home. ¦
Box 4208, Call office. " 7 7 -
GIRL wishes position as aalealady. j 2329 Mar-
Ket 8t. ¦:>,-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .-¦¦'-•" - V" /' '.:'; - ;¦'
WANTED— A position as housekeeper. In hotel
¦ or. rooming-house: city or country. ¦ Addreaa
.MRS. J. J.. box 4270. CaU. office. -...¦--..'-.
WANTED — A position as a fitter. 028 Pacific
.¦street. - . -- - ' . ' .-.- .-- -.'""••"¦ " ; w
WANTED — A position' as a seamstress. ' 305
Post at." •¦' ' •' " "" ¦ - "''. I
A YOUNG : lady would like to assist - In light
housework a few hours dally. . CaU 10 Madl-
¦' son ave. - - "¦¦• '; ¦ ' ' ¦ "•
A - LADY ' would like to - go out ; by . the day. |
651 Stevenson st. .. . ' ... - • f
WANTED — 'By competent dressmaker, sewing)
¦ by day or piece; children's wear a specialty. I
MISS TAYLOR. 160 Ninth : at. ¦. ' ¦ ¦ •
A YOUNG lady wishes position as waitress -In
a fin»t-class house. Box 4256. Call office." .7
A YOUNG lady wishes position as. cashier In
some restaurant. Box 4237,- Call office.^
WANTED— Position as housekeeper 'in lodging-
house or hotel. Box 4258. Call office. ,--¦; -
A YOUNG girl wishes position as cashier.. Ad-
dresp 370 Lexlnjrton. ave. • ¦ • ¦ -j- - -~ ¦ ¦
WOMAN wants work by " day. Address box
42C0. Call office. . ' .
WANTED — A young > lady would ! like • light t
housework. Address 341 Harrison' st. I
EMPIOTMEBT WAJTTEP— g«naUe— Con,
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like . engage.
¦¦¦" ments by- the t day; ¦ $1< 80: - dresses • altered;
¦. ' perfect , fit : cuaranteed. ., Box 3572, ' Call.
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
i .'. $1 ¦ 60 ! day, - from , 8 • to 6. ¦< or * H'~ from < 8 to
;, 1 :3a -r 737 % Ho ward at. ; r •; ¦ 7
WANTED— Position 1 by - young girl to do : light
..; houaework. -.v 811 Harrlion at. .',-.: '.'..- • ','¦-, . .
WANTED-^A" position ..as nurae '-.to -" giowm
., • children; city > references. '.Box 4386, .Call.
EXPERIENCED ;, hatmaker : : wants * work to
>, take I home/ ; Box 4384-" ' CalL'^M^^f^»JEJJ8ff
YOUNG srirl wanta ,- position to take car* of
- ; .baby.r l .802'Harri8on.,-' 4 s / _,-..'i r; -. l .:.vv'
REFINED • woman; wishes position as house-
keeper. 'Apply MRS. PRICHARD, - care W. 1
Phillips ; Lewis, ? 1823 , Enclnal ave., , Alameda.
WOMAN < wishes j work » by the day. CaU ' at
¦7 732%: Natoma -at. 7 ; ;- ••-' 7.:'V ¦' r : ';.-¦•'/
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Call
viat.2B9 Stevenson st. . " " T '-; ,- ' . . ;' 7; ».
WOMAN would like washing or sewlnar at
, home. : . Call " 31 : Harriet st. . ¦ -
\VANTED— Work' by~the day. .'Addreaa 115
,/; Howard ' st ;;- 7
WAITRESS desires poBttlon; hotel or privat*.
~Z 054 j Larkin . st. •; • 7 , ,-.;.;:
EXPERIENCED atenographer .wiahea work for
.- evenings. : ;' Box 4380. Call. 7. ' ' . • ' ' • :
NICE. ; appearing young lady,', hlgheat refer-
.,*. encea, ¦ wishes a position as reception lady
: In photographer's; amall aalary to ¦ atart."
: Address ' box 4385, Call office. : 7 .
EXPERIENCED Swedish laundress wanta
work by the day; $1 60 and carfare.' Box
.'. 4248. 'Call. ;7-: . 7.7 " . .77-77 ' ..' ':.'
"WANTED— A position as stock girt. Apply at
1417 Stockton St. .v / 7 - 7 .
EXPERIENCED lady typewriter would: like
employment. Box 4244, Call office.; M
WANTED— Poaltlon as housekeeper. Address
Box 4397.. Call.
WANTED — Position as atenographer. Box
. -4368. Call." .7 7 . /
SITUATION a a. nurse .fft private family. Box
4249,* Call. - •¦¦;., . .' , '
LADY wanta position as housekeeper. Box
4331, v Call. . .
BOOKKEEPER, lady, thoroughly . competent
and experienced, destrea Dosition; good ref-
erences. : . Box 4329, Call;-.. " : . • .
AVOMAN- wanta .work : by the day. Call at
. 048 . Je«sle st. . . / . ,.
WANTED-4-Posltlon aa nurse. Addresa ¦ box
4.176.' Call. - ,
WANTED— A wmltion u housekeeper by an
.elderly woman ;' city or country. : 130 Fifth
¦ st. , v between Howard . and Mission; 7
POSITION as Faleclady. /Box 4322, Call. ;
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wlehes a few more
customers at home: good work at reasonable
prices; crinoline "models, etc. 647 Myrtle
j ave. ; : phene Scott . 995. 7,. .- - .. •
FIRST-CLASS .seamstress would like chil-
dren's Ase wine by;tho day. or. at home. Box
4326. Call.' ..,.;, .. .
POSITION wanted as cashier in . restaurant or
.store; competent lady; best references. Box
44C0, Call office. --. . ,
YOUNG «clrl would . like position as .. nurse.
Box ¦ 4340. Call. •¦ ,
LADY wants sewlnc: half day. 179 .Thir-
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED —Pesnale— Con.
A ¦ FRENCH - laundress ¦'• wi shea > fine " laundering
--,to do at home. ; Phone Paare 7931; ,-
PLAIN; sewing "wanted. f "Addreas 136 Freelon
7 street. v -.;.' :-, .-:".; .7 ' -* ¦.¦¦.'¦•-.--¦;
ARTISTIC . dressmaker: * engagements by day, ,
. $1 60; perfect ¦ fit • guaranteed. -650 Stevenson
. st.,t near; Seventh. -,—.•."*•' "t7'.'H_"v;-
PLAIN 'sewing wanted to do at home.; A. B..
644 ; Jessie at. . -;.-;"" ----- --,.¦¦¦
WANTED— Sewing at 162 ChnrchrL
RESPECTa'ble lady/ good cook. .'seamstress.*
laundress, wishes'- poaition. — Address -box
' 3951. Call office. ¦ . - ' -j ,-. -
NORTH German- governess -would like to take
' -care of children; plain 'sewing; make 'herself
-useful; references: "city or country. < Address
" box'. 3952,- Call : office.- — - ¦
SITUATION wanted '¦ by nursegirl. 627 Steven-
:hd at.-^ .7 - -.¦-• ..v ...'-¦
A-PLACE In a nice family to go out by the
¦-¦: day. Box 3921. Call office.?* i^MKSPMsVQ
DRESSMAKER - wishes - more . engagements by
day; good work guaranteed;- $2 per day. Ad-
dress box ;3947, Call -office.-;"-^ - - . -.
COMPETENT | dressmaker | wishes sewing by
the day ; references.^ Box -3950,- CaU office. -
WAITRESS wants position. ¦• 1608 Market st.
YOUNG German lady wishes position as nur-
sery- governess; can - do plain sewing. - 777
Cole at. ¦ _. ¦ -
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wlahea poaltlon
... aa .-housekeeper;,, no lncumbrancea: good
home; unall wagea;: country. Box 3839. Call.
POSITION wanted as wrapper. Apply 641
Eddy : sV ¦ • . ¦.¦¦¦¦
SITUATION as chambermaid. - Addreaa : box
3910. Call office.- „ -7 - '- -; • .7 •
WANTED^-Posltlon as. managing housekeeper
of rooming-house. Box 8897,: CaU office. .- "
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wlshea
position as housekeeper; no objection to chil-
dren. Call Monday:- nothing but respectable
party apply; 106 Eleventh at. . » •
CURTAINS neatly laundered, . ioc up ; r work
called for and delivered; 26 Dore at., between
"Ninth and Tenth, Howard and Folaom;
, phone • 922. - • •* - • •
SITUATION as dreaataaker. 903 Howard at. '
POSITION as child's '. nurse. 723 Eddy at.
SITUATION wanted by dressmaker. Box 3934.
Call office. - r
SEAMSTRESS wants work by the day. Box
! ' 3930. Call. office. -, ¦' ,:.. ¦ ,
WANTED-7-A position. as. nurse or. companion.
E..M. .S.. 1038 ElUs at.
LADY would like a position as bookkeeper.
, Apply 203 Mission at. ..;
.LADY wanta..work by. the. day. : Call.
YOUNG Swedish -woman wants general house-
work in small American family; J25; experi-
enced. Address H. 407 Oak st.
YOUNG lady wishea a Job as cook In small res-
taurant. Telephone. 4177; Church. • ,
A GOOD strong woman ' wants work In coun-
try. ~ Call 315 Sutter st."
A YO*UNG girl wants second work in city. Box
3»20. Call office.' • ¦
WANTED-^Positlon as cook; best of refer-
7 ences. Box 39titi, Call office. '
WANTED — A place as housekeeper. 443 Clem-
¦ entlna at. . M i>
YOUNG lady. wanta chamberwork. 634 Minna
street. .'¦':' ,'¦ ' - - -
YOUNG woman wants situation to do second
work or general housework; city references.
Box 3513. Call office.
WANTED — Chamberwork; aleep home. 265
Third at. ;
POSITION, aa lady 1 a nurse. Box 3517, Call.
A YOUNG girl would like to learn the candy
trade. 1423 Polk st.
LADY to work by the day. 711 Harrison at..
7 above , Third. . . , i ¦- .
WANTED — To do light houaework. 445 Te-
, hama st. .
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker. 1284 Folaom 1 at. :
DRESSMAKER, experienced, desirea a few
more engagements by the*. day In private
famlUes; terms . reasonable. ' Box 8532, Cali.
NURSEGIRL wanta to care for child. "Apply
C42 Golden Gate ave. - . > ¦- __ : 1
WOMAN will sew;. dally work only; car fare.
742 McAllister at. >
POSITION wanted as saleslady. M. W.', 905
Webster st. -.'- - ¦.¦--- . -.
A WOMAN wanta work by -the day. "Apply
553 FoJsom.at. ..' . ,., ,', ... 7 »;
WASHING and Ironing done by the day. 7G8
Bryant et. . -- . " .
PLAIN sewing wanted." 544 l Jeasle et.
WANTED — Sewing by the day or at home;
dressmaking, white work and children's work
nicely dene. Ad/Jreas 2 Perine place, off
Steiner; phone Scott 1324.. ;
YOUNG lady. wlshea position aa nurse for one
child. 634 . Minna at.
YOUNG woman wants' to work ' by ' the day.
CaU 211 Eighth at. : , 7 * 7.
WOMAN. -. experienced, wanta ¦ place In store;
will go out of city. Box 3485. Call office.
DAY work wanted. 153 'Perry at. }
GIRL of 16 wants "position. 1423 Polk st.
PLAIN aewing done, 1137 FoJaom 6t.
WANTED— By English * table ; maid waiting
for lunches or. dinner "partlea; also cooking
for same. Please call' 3273 Harrison st. >
WANTED— Position aa' bookkeeper. Box 3555
Call office. * ¦>-.-:»•
LADY would like 'plain eesvlng* by the day
112 Pierce st. - - . - *: ¦
LADY to do light housework. 649 Gough at.
LADY would like fancy work to do at home
Apply box 3559. Call office. ¦ • , ?*'
POSITION wanted by *n experienced ! lady as
nurse. -Box 8483, Call of flee. -
BRIGHT girl wlahea ' a position in a small
atore. 639 Stevenson . at. ,
MILLINER wishes work; Is . handy and will-
inc. 919 Howard st; . .
CHAMBERWORK wanted; sleep home. Ad^
. dre*s B38. Howard at. ,%.v
WANTEDr-PosUion - as • nurae. Box 3576 ¦ CaU
.' office.:-. '..""-¦.':-¦:'¦ .7" ¦;-.¦•--¦ -.-.-• •-.-,.,,
LADY wants poaltlon to do plain' sewing Ad-
• dress ; box 8594.' Call office. , ' ;;
WANTED-^ AT place as ' dressmaker. 425 ' Clem-
7 entina-sti - .¦ 7 - ' • .
WOMAN . wishes •' to vork by ' the day " 812
Minna at. ¦•• •. ; ,- - - ¦ ,-¦
WOMAN wanta to waah by. the day. 340 Minna
-street;:;.". , .¦;.'¦ ¦¦'.., ">;- *-y;- -/¦ ¦.;;. /.'v'-v-j- ;
A': REF|NED, - educated woman seeks ;, position
; of- responsibility with wholesale:.flr'm: ' will
.travel; referencea. - Box = 3596, Call offlee.7 '
WANTED-^-Posltlonl. as I stenographer; j expert-
fenced; ' Address box 3599,; Call "office.*.
'A FIRST-CLASS •, working I housekeeper [ wishes
a position In rooming-house. Address 'box
:*;. 3666, 4 ;Call office...;'^ f;^-; : -.7 . .';...-.- ;
YOUNG "?lroner. wants J work. - 744 . Minna, ' at.V-*-;'
A' SITUATION ." as chambermaid. ; 214" Fifth
:..:stteet.':~---'' : -'r'.-'jt^.i-'--\' '.'•/¦:.•¦.: 7*
YOUNG lady would HKe ; few -hours addressing
:' envelopes. , Box 3585.V CaU office. .7
POSITION, as saleslady j wanted. v ;Bpx 3884,'
, Call otflce. • *'A; ..-"7^ -."':'-. ?¦-¦¦',-:.'¦.¦•¦¦¦¦; 7.' ',-;'..«
WOMAN: with *. boy 15 would: like a 'position'
¦ to cook . for . men ; in ;the ' country. -*' Box 3562,*
;.;.; Call 'Office. - "'--v *' ¦-•.,' 7' :~..--J.: --::¦ '..-¦;--. .-/-¦-..¦d
Position ,'ae" waitress; 'country ; pre- !
¦¦- f erred. ; : Box f 3561, r Call. >.-. . . .. 7 - '¦ ;, .•'-.. . , • ..\
MARRIED woman wants' to^work In exchange
•'for furniahed housekeeping, room.,,. Box 35G0."
* r Call; office:* :.^ f .-v <, •'--¦- !¦;. y...- ".*;'/.-;¦" -;..v. : :-. '-;
A YOUNG woman wants '. to work, by the : day/ :
. ,843 Mission st":--p» ¦* ¦:' , ¦<¦.':¦ ¦¦ ..:.--.-'. ¦;' - v ---- . :
; WANTED— SeamBtresa A at 8063? r Slxteenth ~2T.
. 'Addrcaa * A;, E. ,H;. }: ;.';. 7* '".---.;.., ';i- t ,\',;^ I :
A ' LADY* with . a ", chila '< over 3 • years • will ' do J
' ¦ houaework '. forenoons c In 1 exchange - for " good
; ; home. Z Box 8588; Call; ; .- ; : J .-. -.;»*- /¦¦>-,--¦-,;¦ f r ;>,-
WANTED — Position a*' seamstress. - Apply ' 618
,"¦ ?Unlon-st^: ¦.•'-¦';¦•¦) i3*:--* '''-7-7*^' - ¦ .-• 4- -
WANTED — Position ¦ tu 'wrapper.'. • "Apply •' 302 \
.:Fllbert at. 7 . -.1 i r ... : -7 ¦--. '., v c f: ; : :™~i
A RELIABLE young married woman wanta to
work by the day. Apply 7 Lilac ave.
WANTEDr-Sewlng. 504 Natoma at. '
SEWING, by the day. 1850 Mission st.
BRIGHT clrl wishes position In a amall
store. Appl^ C39 , Stevenson at.
POSITION wanted by girl as companion to
elderly. lady. Apply 1610 Bush at. -
TYPE- WRITING. - copying, addreaalng . en-
velopes; reasonable. MISS EDNA CRAMER,
. room. 800.', Mutual Bank bulldina-.- .;.•
COMPETENT woman" wanta washing or house,
cleaning by the day.' 'Address box 4286. Call.
YOUNG lady would like . few hours', work ad-
dressing* envelopes. - Box 4804. Call office. -
"IlELIADLE woman'wants waahln'g: or house- ,
cleaning by the day. Call or addresa MRS.
I* L." • LEECH,*-148 Sixth -at. " • ' . -' " ' ; >
' GIRL wants : position as housekeeper. 415
¦;'¦ Jones at. . : ," j ._ ' . ¦'.' ---.--,— - "'.'77''.
EXPERIENCED atenographer wishea position; ,
220 , Bartlett , 8t. " .
GIRL wlshea : "position In doctor's office. - Box
. 34C6. , Call office. . '.¦ •', ',
FRENCH couple want situations; wife capable
-to tench French; or housework -and husband
generally useful all around; best of " ref er-
ences;, city or, country. Box 4301, Call.
SEAMSTRESS,, r-hairdresaer 7 and I manicurer
. wishes position . as maid and do upstairs
work. Box 4308,5 Call office. . ' t-
SITUATION as cook. Apply 912 Ivy ave.
SITUATION as housekeeper. Apply 246 Ran- ,
dolph at. 7 ¦ • - - ' .
MIDDLE-AGED woman deMres place for light 1
housework, $20 to ?25. : Box 4311. . Call. ' * ;
SWEDISH- girt Ideal res housework, family, I
city., $30. Box 4313. Call office. -• j
YOUNG* woman -would like to have washing
and mending: to take home. 713% Minna
; - at."." near Eighth... .-/. .-.-¦ ¦ '¦-.•, r- :
FIRST-CLASS German cook wlshea work by
the day "at parties, etc. 933A Jackson at.;
7 phone -Davis '257. 7 . .
FIRST-CLASS * dressmaker wishes sewing • by
the day. ¦ Box 4292. Ca U of flee.
WOMAN, wishea -to do 1 light housework.- 3136
.-'Pierce:; at. ".- .-;?-. '¦,]..¦ ' . ¦ i. '•,-.¦¦:,' ¦ r.
COLORED .woman : cook and laundreas wants
;. situation October 26; . beat ' references.' ;- Box'
4294, .Call, office. 17- 7 '-. . ..-.-. . .'- ;
FIRST-CLASS X accompanist wishes engage-
ments. Box , 4297. ' Call office. .-- ¦ .
ELDERLY -woman : wants ¦ housework by , the
day. ¦. 65 Grove . st. '-7
COMPETENT desires position;
four yeara'. experience: salary $40 per month.
V Box 4274.7 Call office. ;. :> ¦¦¦¦;¦¦.
MARRIED woman wanta to mind child at her
¦ home. 5 143 'Dore st. ..-•.¦
POSITION as workjng housekeeper; city ref -
; •,,'erences.*'/' Box -4320. .Call office. . '
WANTED^-Posltlon t as . house -cleaner • 119
'.;: Thirteenth et./ "¦•'-'' - X* V
K WANTED— ' A .position- as . cook. ill . Thir-
¦;. teenth "at.. ' ; . ... -- •
GIRLiwould like- to 1 do chamber work. -Box
". ,4317.'- Call office. 7 , . •. -
AN£eii>eriericed Mady would . like to nuree In
. ,. confinement ; ; can , give . ref ertnee." Apply " "04
,7 Guerrero 'at.,- .7 ¦¦ , J >- -.' .,.--..> v...- ;-.. :\ , k
BY a" woman of Integrity and ability a' clerical
. position ; at . a ¦ livlnr aalary. ., Box - 4352. ; Call
EXPERIENCED, young woman < wants position
. In, office. ;:;. Box, 4346, ;5all. of flee. ¦;•"' v ' -
DRESSMAKER;*:' coat -and "suit maker- -lady's
U*-, tailoring.! cutting .and fitting 'done at -my
v home ;.r paper -patterns cut;: engagements: by
r.\ the 'day;, first-class' work. V MISS BARSS
- . Sherman. House.; 28 'Eighth at; -7- ,."'¦""""..>*
A* STRONG^woman wanta. housework. or care
J of; invalid: r 324 Mason et;; phone j Black 2390.
POSITION -as ' assistant . 574 Ellis
>,; street; %. - u . .ri^vj. --":\ -.* : . -.;.'-;- },~:i~ - .;-,-.:¦-
WANTEDr-Position;as; errand, girl. forldreaa-
-Vjmaker.7 Apply ;6O7-Filbertiet.y.; ? , r ; ,-
DRESSMAKER? wants, work by 'reason-
,;: able. \ Box 4358,, Call office."? •' * y - f .• ; ;
LiADY/wantatwork byithe'day. 12C0 Bryant
,-'.¦ street.. ;-j , %v.':.l-"". --.^: ', -,•'-.¦. -; '.-'¦-• :_; : y- .- ¦- '
¦'A \ COMPETKNT dressmaker's assistant wishes
.£. a , steady.; place : J references. • ? Box : 4254, ,' Call.'
WANTED— Position aa . .. housekeeper "Box
:-v.-,4263;3 Call $ office.-,"-; • ¦ .1 ,..;¦;¦-.¦; 7 :;^ .-.¦.-.
STENOGRAPHER wlshea posltloln. < '- 1918%"
?,j Powell ¦ «t.-..v;i..-« v ¦-;:¦ ,- '.'¦ -'- .¦_- :' - - -;•,-. *,
-WANTED4-A*r poaltlon ; aa a ' seamstress. * 423
r, k Branna.n ; st.': ¦ :"• - -;• ; '- ! -C '- ¦.'¦'.-¦,<.¦.-; ,¦¦.¦-;- ;-.. ¦ ¦
A" THOROUGHLY competent. lady stenographer
il with "eeveral* years J experience iln : mercantile
I-': work, ¦ also > billing, ; desires 1 poaltlon ; , beat 1 ref -
; ;?erehcaa.*" Box'4344'Call j office.*'.. 1 " --.••.-=" ,
WANTED-^-Plaln v «ewlngrby •' the.'' day. r 840
>rsixth*;st.-;-:,:-/.:; r .t •;;••*:¦' ;•¦.•-" ;**,7V';;-,. -.- ¦« ....
WANTED-^A'^ Dosition i' as ¦•¦' bookkeeper.". - 606
i^Natotna j st.'W ."v",---: .7 ;.-¦• 77. .; r-.-'".S ."- XL-- i- v *"* '¦'* '' i :
FIRST-CLASS fcook ; S dty.i orv'country ; 5 wagea !
' $ < JO'to<$JO.'.s 644 <¦ Minna; *¦ :;>' ' • y.liyz? -*-,..-¦'
teenth at." .
YOUNG lady desires posltton aa general
office assistant. 61 5 A Mason at.'
LADY' wishea housework I by the day; $1 60
and carfare. 403 Broadway.
COMPETENT cook. wishes position. 34 Cedar
avenue* ¦ . , . 5
WANTED^-A position ha upstairs girl. 2667
: Golden Gate ave'. .
WOMAN wants. situation' as. party cook. Ap-
, r'ly ' 1367 Mason st. - - - . r .
WOMAN wants situation ' doing general
housework. !¦ Apply 916 Powell at. •;.
WANTED — Sewlngj in private family. • Box
434S,'Call.;; r-v:.tv "y^\ .; -. L . •. . r _\
MIDDLE- AGED woman. 'unlncumbered, wants
position as working housekeeper In small
¦ -- rooming-house;- wages - $25 to $30.. Box
' 4337, \ CalL ;*".-, -v.i... : -',V-f, ;; - .:.<_ r.
AN ' experienced woman wanta . chamber work;
sleep home. .. 737% Howard st. * 77-
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking, and some
' work : |25-|30, • carfare. ; Box 3U05, CaU office.
A LADY -would like plain aewing. -„ Addresa
. 766 Harrison- «T. \ ; .
WANTED— : A position as a wrapper. 815 Post
.':street.' ;/ ¦ ¦ -. ¦ '. - • • ' ¦ .. . .
POSITION. as atenographer; reference. E. R-,
gen'I delivery, P.O., Sacramento and Polk sts.
1 . ., . : 1 — — ;
GOOD cook* wagea $35. 619 Natoma at.
YOUNG ' lady wants place as a general ¦ cook.
-Box 4372. Call, of flee.
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation at gen-
; eral - housework, • laundress . or cook; city or
> country. . Apply. 23% Sixth at., city/.
YOUNG : Indy "would like a few hours' work
mornings. Box 4235. Call office. i
A~WOMAN wishes washing to do ' at home:
; ;350 Eleventh st. ;. N
WOMAN .wants. work by, the day, washing or
houaecleanlng; - $1 50 and carfare.' MRS;
,.OSGOOD, ,115 Hayes st. 7
LADY., would : fllke writing , or ' copying to : do.
7;548 Castro at. ¦ ' 7- ' .
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
.¦ work in .a small , family, and small washing;
if. would live, across the bay. '258% Tehama st.
WANTED— A position as a seamstress. Box
,3665, Call office. 7 -..,;../. -..-.' . >
WANTED— A' poaition as nurseglrl. Box S664.
7'Cairofflce. : 7. *. - :. .> .-..¦-__•. : .,
WOMAN (wants, housework by the ,day. W
;.• Sheridan st. ';'. 7. ¦
,\VOMAN wants housework by, the day. , 608%
. : ; Grove^st. 7.7 ".::•.: ..'"... . J. '¦££!*'£& .¦'¦ .
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper. F..E. R.,
:^ Polk and , Sacramento . sts. P. O.. gen'I del.
DRESSMAKER wanta V all klnda of ; s«wing;
; .-,-. cheap.- 126 Langton st. (rear). MRS. MUENZ.
P A\NICE girl. 1 ! 18 years old,' wants , Work in fur-
niture house. 1275 Clay St.. - „ ;
A" tWOMAN wants work by. the day; washing
- y. and housecleanlng. . 932 Powell St., near Clay.
BY) young lady, of good ability, clerical position;
'wholesale . house. Box 3662, ,Call office:
WANTED— A position as housekeeper or travel-
ing companion for an Invalid.* Address MRS.
; ,L. J.-L.. this office. ' 7 '.'; / .
WANTED— Position", in. candy, atorej Addressi
>E. T... 842, Austin ave. r / . . > : '.
A 1 YOUNG ' Irish girl wants position; " $25; city
;,7or country.'. Box 3669. CaU office. ' -. •,- .
PLAIN sewing dene at 812, Bryant at.' >
YOUNG} .'woman 1 ' wishes . second work. ; * 103
|i.;Perry ; Bt.':;. ;¦*.'',.-- '-<¦ •'¦:-.' ':'.' '¦' ¦ - ¦''¦ ¦',''.
A' LADY .wishes* plain sewing b"y ' the' day.' Ap-
;7 f ply i 544 Castro st. ' ¦ \ '; •,; .';"..-•-.
WOMAN I to_ do washing by : the .day.'
VtCall;107.Elghth st. ..¦¦'•.-¦' ;•
POSITIONS wanted \ by ,' competent stenographer;
i 'i .4; yearsV: exreri-ence.; ,. Box ' 4226,; Call office. t ,
FIRST-CLASS dresamaker desires ' Work by the
jjjl day ; ' work guaranteed. '., Box 4223," Call | office.
.YOUNG i married ~; woman^ wants <' to '«* cook '' din-
¦ ¦ i ners ' or., go out , by *« the ' day.*-- Apply .,.7 * Lilac
h ; ave...; near,,Twenty-fourtb ' and ' Mission ¦ ats.',
.YOUNG lady" desires . position as ' steno'grapher ;
.'. ,iexperlenc-ed4- Box; 3673,^ Call < office. - \<<{ 7'
WANTED— Position L as '"'cashier:*:' experienced;
';: restaurant.^Address t box 3674, Call office. -. L
'A ! FIRST-CLASS -American cook > desires * posl-
K tlon ; j family : $30; , ref erences:> Box 3675,^ CalL-
PLAIN sewing done '¦ at : home. % Telephone
if: Hyde: 60T.; ..;'-,.¦¦ v ,-..-..>.'¦ ¦' /,•';.. -a
GOVERNESS, : e'ducated.t'speaks German^
r : good -pinnist.Sbest '¦ of.: references; to character ¦
Vtwants r.' ; sttuatlcn.!;Boxi2949.*;CaU;offlce. - \y
LADY* will ?i6* out : . by the .' day t to ; cook ' or do
at horn*.'-. Call ; 1074 , Clay, at. s-s ¦,'¦•. ;
'Ai GIRL'.' y> ould V like 5 a/, few - hours' : work • In
(.• mornings.' -827. Jackaon ; st. ; > ¦ -7 . ';
A i WOMAN ! wants . work " by \ tht'i day.% 154 Te-
f-^hamaVat.-j:. '-;: .:.. . ... . ¦ . ¦ ¦^• i .-r
YOUNGS ladyl wishes fpoittlonTas companion to
SH elderly, lady.,:s 1509 j O'Farrell V if,; : V/, J^rv . ',
AN 2 nursed girl,", aged il6," desires
*j position < In ?¦ private ' family, t. Box : 3811; : Call."
FIRST-CLASS cook wlahes altuaUon; city or
country.. 644 Minna st. 7,
LADY experienced in confinement wishes po-
sition as nurse. 1441 Sacramento at.
WANTED — Position in dry-goods store as
saleslady. Apply MISS L. McCOY. 639*0/0.
avenue. -7 ¦ ; - -• - ¦ - ... ¦
WANTED— A position as aaleslady In candy
store.: Apply MISS ' L. WILLIAMS 639
Golden Gate ave. .'- ,
GOOD •American "cook "wants position; private
famUy; city or country; wages $30 or $35
. Box 3865. Call officer
ACCOMPLISHED young 3 lady pianist and
harpist desires position In orchestra: thor-
7 oughly qualified -in music; expert performer.
Box S8C4.-Cair office. ' '
A GOOD laundress wishes permanent place for
> Monday.- Wednesday.-: Friday; $1 60 and car-
fare.. Phone Black 4641. .
A 'YOUNG lady* deslres'a' position' In'doc tor's
."- or dentist's office. Box 3923, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Jewish "or American cook de-
sires situation; best city references. Box 3924
Call office. - ... .;
POSITION, wanted as waitress. Box 3956. Call
. office.' ¦• .
YOUNG lady would like position cj private
teacher. 886 Larkin st. •
A YOUNG lady wishes office poslUon 435
•Fulton at. - /
A' STRONG young, lady wants work; house or
window cleaning. Box 3954. Call office.
YOUNG « woman - wants - work by the day or
week; $5 and board; no Sundays. Box B
CaU branch office. 300 Hayes st. '
A WOMAN with Al references for washing or
•housecleanlng. ."Address box 3828. CaU office.
YOUNG lady ' with " typewriter" desires copying
or typewriting work of any kind to do. Box
3830, CaU orflce.
WANTED— Position as cashier. ., X. Y. Z.
WANTED — Position as dressmaker' $1 5O~a
: day. 015 Valencia st. ,
LADY wishes to take in sewing at 606 Union
' street. :¦ ;•-¦' \ '
_— ' " \ ' " ' * '
A REFINED foung : lady would : ; like position
as attendant in photograph gallery, doctor's
office,' etc.; good -references; 7 Box 3832. CalL
A LADY, desiring *a quiet home: would like a
- position as housekeeper for refined gentle-
man. Box ' 3829;: Call office. •
A . GiRL wishes : position : In \ office. ' 320 Fell
street.;, *•»._ * v , * ..
GIRL wlshea position as seamstress.' 320 Elev-
.- enth st. • ,. - .;- .. ;
GIRL wishes to take care of baby. 1532 Mis-
* : sion st. ' '¦ ..'-- . . ¦- . .'. .
A GIRL wishes to do housework. 311 Twelfth
street. v ;: • -
YOUNG German girl wants situation aa aecond
'i«,irl; 825.* 2439 California at. ;• 7
SITUATION wanted by young married lady to
work for herself and husband's board. - Box
3827. Call office. .
PLAIN, aewing wanted. 947 . Mission st.
MILLINERY work at -bome/or, situation. 913
_¦ Mission at. : '-] : ' ' -»¦• >-
.WANTBD-^Chlldren or invalids to care for af-
•'¦¦':¦ ternoons ••'or, evenings ; 60c. Box * 3324, '• CalL
A WOMAN wants to do washing by the day.
'-.r Apply jay 035. Hyde; at. •-..'.
' SITUATION as ; working I housekeeper.- Care
;CaU;offlce." J ' .'
A SITUATION wanted : by girl t» do aecond
f. work."". Call 330 Main at ,~
A YOUNG : girl ¦ wlshea ' a position ' as - nurse-
: girt. "V 947 - Mission ¦ St.," San <¦ Francisco.
A YOUNG -girl .'wanted to mind - a • baby. ¦ 66
: .Tehama. at. -"-5 {
YOUNG; Swedish "¦ girl wants second work; best
;¦ iof city references.*: Call* 117 Jersey at., . near
;* Church; V-' .-* ' ' '¦¦-•¦.:¦'¦- ,7 • •
"A* GIRL", wants a position as wrapper. • Apply
*¦ 618- Kearny at.' '7 '¦ ; "
YOUNG : Swedish : girl ; wanta ' place* In ' family.
cooking and general housework; Jbest of
j r jcity referencea.--- Call 117 Jersey at.,' near
jv Church.: 7 1 ". 7 :*,*.-'" "%_ -"^V. ¦••'
LADY .would : like !poeitlon , In " wholesale % house
-.*; as ' book|teeper. ¦ 1152 Mission' et. • • ; •..- ;
LADY would like a position as saleslady An-
•4 ply 914 Mission st. « ,.. ; - .- ;
A GIRL ' wants ¦ 'a- position* as 'cashier. - AddIv
%833Geary,st. '.»;.-. 7 .. ,*, f P 7
; A'vWOMAN "wants' housework by the^day. 1
.^Oscarj place.-.
WANTED— Position as ; companion , to eldcrlv
< lady. >; Box 3303. Call office.-;: ;r,v»J7- .
GIRL'? wants : to : do ' general ¦ housework and
'(¦¦¦ cooking; - waites • ?25; £ city -preferred. Box
. 7. 3fO3,: Call office.: »-•¦ !
.AN experienced dressmaker ; by " the , •-' day;
cloaks. 5ult? of all kinds; designing. . Box
V- 30, 305 Larkin at.* .-. , , _v : ; ' ; ; ;
YOUNG t ladyT wishes "; position ' as ' companion to
;.; elderly. lady. 5 Phone <3057r ' 7.. '-.-•':;¦: :."• '
.POSITION v as jiatanographer.."*; Address ¦ G." E.;
r.v, Poatof flee, ' Sacramento . and Polk ' at.
EMPSO YMBHT WANTED— TemaJ*— Con
A-YOCXG cook wants work. Call 744 Minna
COMPETENT woman wants poaltlon; . child'e
nurae. "Addresa box 3703. CaU office. ¦
A GERMAN girl wishes a position as cook In
private family. '. Address 11C6A Clay at.
WANTED— -By middle-aged " lady, a • position
as working housekeeper or care ot Invalid.
Apply 313H Clementina, at. .
A- YOUNG woman- with a baby would like to
work In small family rvreasonable wages. Ad-
dress 570 Harrison st. ' ¦ »
WANTED— Position as companion for old lady.
Address MISS CORA BROWN. 1027 Post st.
¦¦_ ¦ ¦ . - ' - - - ¦ ...
WANTED— Position as nurse. 1031" Howard st.
WANTED— Position ¦ caring for invalid few
hoars daily. 832H Mission sV
A WOMAN wants to do washing at home.' 1
CaU 724 Minna at.
PLAIN aewing by the day.. 193 Collins at.
A -WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
and ironing or housecleanina;; (ISO i day
and carfare. Box 2S23. CaU office.
WANTED— A 'few families" washing to tax*
home. - Call or inquire 281» Baker at.
WANTED— Position for housework. 659ft
Minna at. 7 . ;
A LADT wishes a' posiion as working house-
keeper. Box 3845. Call office.' .
YOUNG lady wiahes typewriting to d» at
home. Box 3840. Call office.
A3 Invalid's nurse; city references. 890 Pag*
it.; phone .Page 2356.
A GERMAN woman would like work by ths
day, cooking or housework. Call at 830
Mission at.
THOROUGHLY competent atenographer wants
poaltlon. Box 3843. Call office.
WANTED— Situation by colored woman as
first-claas cook In private family or laun-
dress and chambermaid ; references. Ad-
dress 1013 Twenty-fourth at., Oakland.
LADY, with several years* experience as book-
keeper and a knowledge of French and Ger-
man, wishes position. Box 1460. Call office,
Oakland.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like % few
more engagements in families: $1 60 day and
carfare. Call or write MRS. DB BARR. 433
Fourth st.
GIRL wants' place to mind children. Box
-3873. Call office. _
AN experienced girl In second work desires
poaltlon; best references. Box 3372. CalL
WANTED— A' place as a chambermaid. Apply
to MRS. P. BROOKS, 41 Washington ave.
A YOUNG lady pianist wants position. Ad-
. dress 083 Sutter »t.
MIDDLE-AGED wojian wanta light noose-
work. 1152 ¦ Howard at. ¦ t '
A YOUNG girl wants to take care of baby.
Box 3970. CaU office.
SITUATION wanted as saleslady Box 3963.
CaU sfflca. | .-
WANTED — Housework by the day; $1 50. Ad-
, dress , box 3973. Call office.
WANTED— A position as stenographer; three
years' experience; best of references. . Box
3071. Call .office. ' \
PLAIN sewing done by the day 417 Filbert
street.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In families or
assist dressmakers. Box A, 2101 Flllmore at.
REFINED middle-aged widow would like po-
aitlon as housekeeper; widower preferred.
Box 1612. 1C0S Market at.
POSITION as housekeeper by elderly lady 622
Sixteenth st., Oakland.
ORDERS for plain hemstitching wanted. Box"
1464, CaU office. Oakland.
WANTED— By capable woman, washing, Iron-
ing, housework, cleaning, cooking, or aewing.
Box 1456. Call office. Oakland.
GERMAN girl wanta general housework with
good family. P. P., box 303. Berkeley.
JEWISH' girl would like to teach music to
children . at their homes. B, I., Call office.
Oakland. . . .
WANTED— Poaltlon as aalealady. Box 3S5JJ.
Call office.
LADY wants work by day. 1307 Waller st.
WANTED— To do sewing of all . kinds. Box
' 3964, Call office.
A YOUNG lady wishes position as stenog-
rapher. 840 Sutter st.
WANTED— A position by strong lady to "do
housework or washing by the day. Apply at
417 M2I0 st.
WASHING and Ironing by the day. 8623 Nlne-
. teenth at.
ENGLISH lady wishes work by the day; $1 10
Address 275 Shipley st. '
PLAIN sewing wanted. M. JONES. 900 Mis-
sion at.rv;
WANTED— A position as a saleslady. Box 3902.
Call office.
WANTED— Position as embalzner; Al refer-
encea. . 865 Elizabeth st. . •
LITTLE girl v would - like to do light house-
work. 3271 Seventeenth- st. - °°° ae -
YOUNG lady wUl go out by the day. S43
Ivy ave.
YOUNG lady desires typewriting work to do
. at home. Box 3710. Call. - -
YOUNG widow with a child would like a sit-
uation as housekeeper. Call to-day at 830
Mission at.; wages no object. -
WOMAN wants work by the day. houseclean-
lng. Box 3750. Call.
WA NTED— Pos itlon as seamstress! Apply 630
Union at.
MAID and seamstress, apeaklng Oerman and
French, wants a situation: has best of ref-
erences. Address care of MISS PLUNKETT
425 Sutter st.. nr. Powell; phone Main 5472-
LADY wishes to do plain sewing. 635 Val-
lejo st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and designer, late.
. of New York City, desires a few more en-
gagements; $150 per day. 1264 California st.
YOUNG lady wishes to address envelopes at
home. if. W.. 90S Webster st.
WANTED — Position aa Janltress. Box 8717.
CalL ¦ , ..
POSITION as saleslady In glove house. Box
3723. Call.
EXPERIENCED business woman wants posi-
tion .with responsible housei inside. or out-
slde work. . Box 3730. CaU.
POSITION as seamstress- L. LEE, Bradbury
Hotel. California and Polk sts. . ,
WOMAN wishes plain ' sewing. Apply 3(53
' Minna *t.
WANTED— Position as seamstress. Box 8967.
Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 207 Eighth
at., ; upstairs." ivflBHOMSSStCttat
FIRST-CLASS woman cook desires employ •
..- men?. ¦ Box 3761. . Call office.
POSITION to do chamber work In lodging^-
house. - 911 Bush st. v ;
A GERMAN woman would like cooking In
boarding-house.' ' Inaulre 510 Pine at. '
A* GIRL wishes a position to learn millinery.
-_ Box 3826. Call office.
A WOMAN wishes to wash by the day. Call
, at.230% .Clara st.
A LADY" wishes housework and washing -by
- the - day and would like to take work at
"home. ' 83A" Converse at., rear.
AT MRS. LAMBERTS.' 41S Powell st. ' tel.
- Main 5332. help of all nationalities - await
-positions 7 ~ ¦"• ' ¦'.-¦_¦'
DRESSMAKING and tailoring; apectal prices;
work- guaranteed. 621 Eddy at.
YOUNG girl " wants position doing housework.
- Box . 3805. .Call of nee. . , .- . .
GOOD 'laundress.-, wants: "day "work:- Monday.
Thursday. Friday.- Saturday. Box 3813. > CalL "
WANTED — Position as cook. • 909 Harrison
' street. ' .* '"-"'- :
WANTEDj-Poslttcn as aaleslady. 300 Golden '
'• . Gate 'ave. ".;•': ¦ ¦' ' ' -.'.-'-. .'•'.-'
POSITION -'wanted: •' first-class -laundress in
- private ¦ family. «=9A Minna . st. ¦ .
POSITION a* copyist: ' references. E. ¦ REED. "
'-; P.' O.. Sacramento and -Polk sts. -.
WANTED— Situation as - housekeeper by re-
;. fined capable young woman.: Box SS^S. Call.
ALL around talloress wishes a place.- 1133
¦ Florida at.- . ¦¦ «. * - ¦ . -
For- Additional : Classified Advcriiae-
• •;<•• . . ments : See": Page 44. :THE ; ; SAN I FRANCISCO! GALL; f , SUND AYf aOGTOBERl : 23, : XL9OI;
44
_~_~T.O'~Bg~irr ~r_.HT_U>— •ge-tt— 1»— Con
MIDDLr.AGEU German widow wishes plaee
as nouMkeeper: country references. Box
3718C Call offlce. ,
MTDDLE-AOED Eastern woman, good cook
and laon-resc. wanU position in American
family; good references: will r» short dls-
tance tn country. 784 Folsom st.
YOCNO widow with a child would like a slt-
" uaUen as housekeeper. Call 830 Mission at.;
wages no object. '
WIDOW Udy of Integrity* past 40, lo-nerly
school teacher, wUbes position as traveling
companion or managing housekeeper. Box
lifiS. Oakland Call office. -•
WANTED — By a young w otnan with a child.
l*M'.v.oa as ioouseke«per for one person. An-
_ress box USX Call office, Oakland.
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper:
wist* $20 a month. Box 3420. Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU fcrtnea office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
EIDr_OT|-iHT WAKTKP— MAX.B.
eiTUATIONS WANTED BY _ _
Frerch chef -»£" \\^
Oerman chef _"*?^2J___
Americaa ciwrf. used to French and t 5 *"? 18^
A_*Uan chef. 12 years I«t P 1^ • ,Vob' up
ScsidV-a'vlM'chef '. \Y.'. wages * 90 up
Iriab-Scotch head cock -**** *«> up
O«-aan -teward^T "«**• *« ™
_*S Sr_L £_^T. *5S2.ST»SI 1 5:
- s
WOULD like work aa porter. GEORGE BEST.
11BA Sixth et. .
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes poeltton In
flm-c:**» hocss. Box 3540, Call offlce.
TOTTNO man desires position aa hotel or store
detective. WILLIAMS. 478 T«ha— -a st.
A BOY 16 years old wisbes a sJtusJtlon In a
bakery, to learn the trade. Box 8SS». CaU.
SITUATION m-anted as stationary engineer; S
years' experience. 263 Third et.. room 23.
A YOUNO man about 17 wishes a Job running
an elevator. Box 3535. CaU office.
POSITION as collector. Address J. 3., 1511
Brodertck St.- ¦
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Address
D. M.. 461 A Minna _st.
WAITER —ants Saturday and Sunday extra
work. 21< Third st. »
POSITION wanted as a barber. 89 Third si.
POSITION wanted as a bootWack. 89 Third
street.
A BOY would like a poeiUon t* do errands.
£31 Natoma st.
BOY would. Uke poslUon to do erraacs. 1114
Broadway. ' .
POSITION as shipping clerk. Box 8506. Call
office. _____
BOY. 17, wants position In an office. Box
3i<3. CaU office. -
FIRST-CLASS machine hand. 217 Clara st.
A FIRST-CLASS barber seeks employment: not
federated with the soclallsUe vampires of
the earth. Address Invincible. 369 Hayes gt.
BOY would like porttion to do errands. Ad-
dress 13C7 Mason jrt- '
COMPETENT bookkeeper desires position. Box
3502, Call office.
POSITION as stripper and binder. JOHN
CARR. 33 Elxth «•_____
POSITION as mechanical engineer. Address
bcx Z501. Call office. •
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper wishes work; short
day watch. Box 3434, Call office.
jTyOUNO msn would like to get a poslUon # as
a natter. Box 3452. CaU office.
POSITION es carpenter. Address box S500.
Call offlce.
CLERICAL work to do evenings. Box 8504,'
Call offlce.
COMPETENT watchmaker would like pocitlcn.
Box 3497. Call office^
CAP.PENTER wants Job In country. 37 Third
, etreet. v
•WANTED — Employment as salesman. Apply
ROEERT CHRISTIE. SO Post st.
BOY marts poslUon as plumber's helper. Box
3439. Call office^
WANTED— Situation as clothing salesman.
Box 3440, CaU office. . •
YOUNG nun wants work In dentist's offlce.
133& nnis et. ~
POSITION as bookkeeper: younr man: 15
years' experience. Box 3444. Call office.
BOY wanu work after school. " 8517 Twen-
tleth st.
SITUATION waatod— Boy wanU to run er-
randn after school hours. Box 3445. Call.
BOY wanU work. Box VSM, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cock wants position as chef
tn country hotel. Box 3447. CaU office.
Al BARBER wanu short hour Job In flrst-
class shop. Box 3448, Call office.
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 3435,
CaU office.
WANTED — PoeiUon as clerk In grocery.
Box 3449. Call office. .
WOULD like work as waiter. Apply JAMES
, HARRIS. 744 Howard st.
A TOUNG man wants work In the evenings.
Box SS38. CaU office.
GARDENER wants —prk. Box 8544. CaU
i office.
WANTED — A poslticn as butcher In flrst-
class note*. Box 8481. Call office.
POSITION wanted. a« bootblack barber-
shop. Box 852L CaU offloe.
POSITION wanted as a barber; best cf city
references; steady. Box 8520, Call offlce.
YOUNO man wishes position as porter in sa-
toon. A-fflregs 80S Mterton st.
YOCNO man wants a position «s barkeeper;
best of references. Address box 3510, Call.
A POSITION wanted aa bartender; bes* of
references. Address box 3511. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as cashier; ex-
__Uelit_references. Box 8463, Call office.
WANTED^Positlon as "elevator operator":
young man. Box 3490. Call office,
BOT would Ilk* to drive team. WILLIE
CONNOLLY. 260 Natoma et.
BOY —asts Job at running printing press. 88
Capggt. ¦
YOUNO man wacu position as shoe salesman;
experience. Box 8529, Call offlce.
BOY wants work by the day; anything. 1808
Alameda ave., Alameda.
.WANTED— PoeiUon as clothing salesman. Ad>
flress box S533. Call offlce.
BOY wants Job learning any kind of trade.
Box 3S34, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as a barber. CT Third st.
A OOOD printer wishes position. 1532 Eddy
street. .
WANTED — Situation as barbrr; beet of rerer-
<nces. Box 34CS. Call office.
WANTED — A rxxitlon as Janitor of experi-
ence: good references, 481 Waller st. r •
WANTED — PosSUon ss plumber's helper. Box
2515, Call office.
WANTED — PcsiUon ss plumber's helper; best
cf references. Box 3527. .Call offlce.
VOX wanu a position in office. Box 352S,
Cs-.ll offlce. •
JVAXTED — Petition as day Janitor. . Box 3518
Call offlce. ¦ ' . ' - - ¦
BOY wants to learn trade of any kind. Box
3525. CaU office.
HO Y wants wcrk' of any kind. Box 1994, Call
offlee. -¦ •
p O?mox «t salesman: dry goods preferred-
10 years' experience. Box 8506, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as porter. " Box
SS07. CaU offlce. . - . v
YOUNO msn desire* position as watchman or
ctoro detective- JVILLIAMg. 473 Tehama tt.
WANTED— Position as gas fixture faaager.
Box 8514. CaU offlce. . '
LIQUOR and cordial salermnn ' with an old
established route . wishes oosltion with a re-
fponnlble house. 'Box 8516. Call 6tfl.ee.
YOUNO — tan ' dertreo a poeiUon as Janitor.
Address box 5551. Call offlce. , V*-:-'
MID.DLE- AGED man wants position on ' pri-
vate place; npt' afraid of work: beet of ref-
gg?*c.n cSd itmn ° n " 8t pUc< -
MIDDLE- AGED man wants position as watch."
2 ea '*i?" i<1 * or *»"teide: best of references.
Box S553. CaU offlce.
BOOKKEEPER wishes position , in wholesale
house; low wages; to start. .Box 8481, Call.'
~3a~T^rr_3___-f wi jrrEP— M*i»— Con.
WELL-KNOWN man with a host of acquaint-
ances wishes a poslUon as talesman or clerk.
Box SS16. CaU offlce. ' .
POSITION wanted as barkeeper at springs. '
Box 8547, Call offlce. -
POSITION wanted by waiter at springs. Box
8548. Call office. ¦
YOUNG man wanu a poslUon as * 'jatch-
man; can glr» references. Box SS->. CaU.
WANTED— PoslUon aa stationary engineer.
Apply 263 Third st.
BOT wishes situation as porter. Address
256 Second St. ¦ . ¦
POSITION as machinist. Address box 3489.
Call offlce. ¦ - • . -
STEADY young man would like any kind of
work fn evenlng«. Box 8565. CaU offlce.
BRIGHT boy wants poslUon tn morning; learn-
Ing shorthand; can use typewriter. Box 8559,
Call offlce. -.---
EXPERIENCED cabinet maker would like sit-
uation. CaU 253 Fell at.
WANTED— Position ast grocery clerk. Bom
5557. Call offlce. t ' :
POSITION as elevator boy. Box S664. Call
offlce. .
STEADV young man* would Ilk* ' a few hoars
work tn evenings.' B.ox 3558. Call offiot*.
SITUATION wanted as errand boy. Apply
844B Howard st.
MAN wanU work In store. 16 Ninth st.
POSITION wanted as porter In furniture
'house. Box 34 S2, Call offlce.
DRUG relief clerk desires poslUon; registered
and good references. Address box T34S8, Call.
BOY would like poslUon In law office. Box
3487. Call offlce.
TOUNO man wishes position as hardware
clerk. >lpply 037 Eddy st. .
YOUNG man tranU situation in offlce.
Box 3484, CaU office.' '
WANTED— A position as bartender. S. WOLF,
56 Fourth st.
POSITION as errand boy. Box 348L Call
officer '¦¦-.'.
POSITION as errand bey. Box 8480. CaV
office. : ¦ -
GARDENER wants position In private place.
Address 1524 Golden Gate ave.
COMPETENT and experienced bookkeeper
wants a position; city or country; good city
references. Box 3478, Call office.
A STEADY, all-round man wishes position
by the day. Call or«address 220 Hartford st.
BUTCHER wanU position. 3522 Eighteenth
street. . "
CAPABLE young man wanu position in gen-
eral merchandise store; 6 years' experience;
good references. Box 4205. Call offlce.
WANT a place^ on ranch. Box 3574, Call
office. , - - •
WANT a place as night watchman. Box
3575. CaU offlce.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced. wanU small sets
of books to keep: references. Box 3522. Call.
BOY age 15 wants to learn a trade. Address
box 3473, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants a situation. 1013*4
Larkln st. / ¦• * -
EXPERIENCED man wants work as suble-
rr.an or hostler; city or country: steady and j
sober; references. Box 3475, Call office.
YOUNG man as Bat presser. 49 Geary
street. f
BARTENDER wants situation. Box 3477, Call {
office. - -¦¦¦£• .:r\
* 1
BOY wantv portion to do errands. Apply 211'!
Teharaa st.. In rear. '•
YOUNG man desires position as stenographer j
and clerk in office. Address box 3592. Call, j
POSITION by .young man in office. Box |
35?3. Call office.
RELIABLE man wanu situation as watch-
maker. 11S5 Market et.
YOUNO man desires position as collector or |
do general office work; best of city refer- •
ences. Box 3595, Call offlce.
A BRIGHT, reliable boy wants to learn the j
plumbing business. Adress box 8597. Call.
BOILER-MAKER wlfhes situation in country.
IS Third «t.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wants position.
Write to 2080 Bryant st. j
A HOY wanu position to do errands. Box
S&CS, Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes architectural drawing
¦ at home. Bdx 35<T7, CaU office. m
BOOTBLACK — anU position in barber-shop.
Address bootblack stand. Third and Mission.
POSITION as driver for a light wagon. 344
Kearny St. ...
BOOKKEEPER dt_re» set- of books to open,
close or cost for small firms; terms reason-
able. Box 3560. CaU office., \
EXPERIENCED clerk would -like position In
wholesale house. Box 3579, Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of is >-r-ars wants a position
In a retail hardware store; one year's ex-
perience in a wholesale house. Box S578, Call.
WANTED — Light employment of any kind.
Apply ROBERT CHRISTIE. 30 Post st.
BOY wishes position to do errands. Box 3571,
Call offlce. .
A TOUNG man desires a poslUon as elevator
operator. Address 231 Greenwich St.
YOUNG man wiches position as clerk In
grocery; has had 5 years' experience. Ad-
dress box 3563, CslI offlce. - «
EITUATION in lunch house; good cook.' Ap-
ply Sunday morning before 12, 921 Jackson
st. ; rear. . *
YOUNG man would like a few hours' work
In the afternoon. Box 3586, CaU office.
TAILOR wants a Job. 23 Tehama st.
TEAMSTER wanu sltoatlon. 710 Union st.,
city.
A BOY. 14 years old, wishes a steady Job.
3136 Pierce *t.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 3590. |
Call offlce. t " ¦ .
EITUATION wanted; all-around cook; German.
166 Flri t. \ .-¦- -
WANTED — Position as cigar clerk. W. HOW-
ELL. 20 O'Farrell st/ V? •
ELECTRICIAN wants position. BRUNS-
WICK, 1CS6' Post st. . ',
AN elderly man wishes position as porter. Box
3CO0. CaV. offlce. .¦¦-.- , >
BOY would like to learn plumbers* trade. PAT
DOUGHTERY. 350 Natoma. st. .
A BOY wanu work In an offloe. Sox 3463,
Call offlce- = ¦
POSITION as cash boy.; 1234 Harrison st.
YOUNG man, 17 ; years old, .wishes position In
offlce: can run typewriter; am now learn-
ing shorthand; salary, $30. Box 3405, . Call, i
DRAUGHTSMAN wants work home evenings; I
all kinds map' work. Box. 3408, Call office.,
WANTEDfPosltlon as elevator boy ./3 Eddy »t.
SITUATION as painter. Address 1619 O'Farrell
, St.. L. P." .--¦¦... --.-¦¦ ' ;
SITUATION wanted as clerk. Address' 480
Ellis st. . - -. ; - -.
AN' experienced man wishes a poslUon as
drummer.' -Apply 639 Stevenson it.
A COOK > wls-es situation < in coffee or lunch-
house'. Box 4202, CaU offlce. , .,
8 ITU ATION i wanted as 'Junior salesman In re-
taU grocery.', Apply, K. B.Q., 100 Jones st.
YOUNO ' man . wanu position ¦ In a machine
shop 30 Capp st. 9&MH8 QSJHSBMI
EXPERIENCED foreman wants a Job in men's
tailoring. 1CC2 Ellis st. \ t
MAN, wants to do cleaning.- 2932 Sixteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS engineer wants poslUon; city or
; country., Box 3471, Call office.- ¦¦/.
>. . YO UNO ' man '" wishes a position to learn
/electrical business. :. Box 3523.T Call office." <
EXPERIENCED barkeeper J wanU }¦ situation.
O. : B... Hotel , Rex, „ 242 , Turk ; st:
A ; - CARPET .- layer - wishes a; poslUon.' Apply
... 630 Natoma -st/'-' . ; " : •; . ¦_ ; ¦_• ¦''--.-. ;—
WANTED— A "posiUon '.-. as - bellboy. -; Address
. 1107, Howard st.. '._, , ;
'¦¦ " ' 11 1 ''¦*»
BITCATION t wanted ai; porters In <: wholesale'
- drj' roods store. Apply ' 3522 Seventeenth ; at.
___P_,O-___B_r_i WABTBa- -Mala— ¦Oon. )
POSITION a a cash boy In dry goods store. -7
Madison ave. ' » - • ;
A MAN and wife want places, private family;
man alt around; woman good cook or gen-
eral work; references. 725 Sansome, St.,
room 12."
WAN-TED— Painter wants work. Apply 805*4
Hyde st. -
WANTED— PoslUon In grocery stow* and tend
bar. Apply 867 Folsom st. ,
MAN 'of, experience wishes a position with
some one In Goldflelds. Nev. Box 4204, Call.
SOBER and steady young man wishes a posi-
tion as barkeeper; Is employed: at present;
but wishes . to better himself. Address box
3560. Call offlce. .'. ¦ v "
YOUNO man wishes a position In a whole-
sale or retail liquor bouse; understands the
business thoroughly. Address box 3570, Call.
BOY wishes position In offloe. Address 2329
Market st,
WANTED — A Job as foreman on ranch. * Ad-
dress box 3583, CaU office. ,
WAITER wants work in Al place. Address
box 3577, Call offlce. ,
POSITION wanted as stock clerkj experi-
enced. Box 3582. Call offlce. .
WANTED— Work, by a* flrst-«lass painter-
paperhanger-tlnter, for hoUI or estate. Box
4209. Call offloe.
POSITION as cashier. Address bom 120^ Call
office. _ -."-;•'..''-- '•' -" ' ¦
EXPERIENCED man wishes a position as
ladles' cloak maker. Apply 17 Russ sC »
WANTED— Job as a designer on ladles' tailor-
ing. 1025 Oolden Gate ave.
YOUNG man. 25 years old, would like » Job
at anything. Address box 4210, Call.
PRESSER wants work on clothing. Address
R» WEILLER, 75 Third st. •
BOY. 14 years old. wishes something to do
after school hours and all day Saturday.
Address 171 Hartford et.
BARBER wants a short hour Job. Address
box 4211, CaU offlce. . '
BARBER with 6 months' experience wants
work In 10c shop. .Box 4214. Call office.
WANTED— Position as a barber. Box 4217,
CaU office. .
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper;
references. Box 4259. Call office.
BARBER wants position. Box 4253. CaU
office.
BRICKLAYER wants work; city or country;
competent man. Box 4237, Call office.'
WANTED-— Work In afternoon by a young
man. Call at §1 Liberty at.
BOY wants oosltion In hardware store. A.,
box 4279. CaU offlce. • . '
FIRST-CLASS arardener wants position. Box
4219. Call office.
A BOY wishes a position In bakery to learn
the trade. Box 3423. Call offlce. -
SALESMAN, .experienced In clothing and fur-
nishing goods. Address box 4262, Call offlce.
A YOUNG m-n wants some honest work of
any kind. Box 4266. Call offlce.
PORTER wa'nU to do night work. Box 4208,
CaU office.
/ _____•
WAITER vanti work. 433B Tehama st.
WANTED — Situation as handy man. H. D.,
Call offlce. x
RELIABLE man wishes a position aa a book-
keeper, L. ROSENTHAL, 319 Franklin st.
DISHWASHER wanu work Sunday. 110
Third st. >.
WANTED— Situation as bookkeeper ' or on
clerical work. Box 4267. Call offlce.
ELECTRICIAN wants position. A. LEWfS,
2621 Pacific ave.
WANTED — Situation as ewamper. 32 Fourth
street.
POSITION as bartender. Box 42SO, Call offloe.
WANTED — A porition as barkeeper for Sun-
days. N. WEIMAR. 455 Minna et.
A GOOD varnlsher and polisher on pianos and
fine furniture wants work; pianos scraped
and varnished for $25. Box 4272. Call offlce
DAY work wanted. 1183 Harrison st. -
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a . position as
schoolboy; understands plain cooking. ' F.
K-, 2316 California st., care Japanese Mis-
sion. - ¦ •'.•'. -:-'.*
WANTED — Position all around furniture man.
JOHN ORTH, 413% Octavla et.
YOUNG man would like position tn the morn-
Ings in cigar stand. Box 4284. CaU offlce. ,
YOUNG man wants* work. 928 Folsom st.
i 1
SITUATION wanted by yout:g roan. 6 feet 8
Inches; can do -freaks. JOSEPH SCHNEI-
DER. 247 Oak st. ' ~
JANITOR young man, 'wants position in an
offlce building. Box 4305, Call offlce.
GAUGER wants position; sober; steady. 601
Octavla st. "..-."¦.'•>.- ' •.*"-•.'.
WANTED — A position as watchman. Box
4306. Call offlce. ' ¦ ; I
WANTED — A , position as errand ' boy. Box
4307. CaU offlce. " :
BOOKKEEPER — Expert, desires position for
portion of the time; highest references. Box
4283. Call offlce v
YOUNG man wanU position as ladies' tailor;
- 10 years' experience. Address JAS. ' J.
TOOHEY S 215 Bush st. - .
WANTED— PoslUon by young map who wishes
to learn civil engineering. C. W. F. M..
744 Howard st. ¦ XV
.WANTED — PoslUon in furniture store as
packer; good references. Box 8465, Call.
POSITION wanted as* a barber. 89 Third st.
BOOKKEEPER— Thoroughly competent, up to
date tn modern systems In accounting: and
correspondence, seeks - position either tem-
porarily or permanently. Box ; 34G7, Ca. II.
ELECTRICIAN wishes position; best of refer-
ences. Box 42S0, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER — Competent in all classes of
accounting; corporation work a specialty;-
temporary or permanent; highest references.
Box 4287. CaU office. .
I WANT a Job as office boy. Box 42S8. Call
office.' ¦ ' ¦ , v
MAN of intelligence wants work at anything.
J. BURKE. 15 Third st. .
PRACTICAL machinery salesman wants po-
sition. offlce. ¦ ¦.,-..
WANTED— Thoroughly competent "< cement
. salesman seeks employment: experienced
"from ground to work; highest references.
Box 4314, Call, offlce.
YOUNG man would ; like work of - any kind
from 10 a. m. till. 4 p. ! m. Box 4315. ; Call.
YOUNG man' wishes position as 'night clerk in
cigar store; best of references/ Address S. .
;M., 1628 O'Farrell st. .. : '-}V:.;-.'"' *-: -A:.^..'
YOUNG honest gentleman. wants to work 1 for
' family where he can make use of his tech-
nical education; college graduate. Box 4374,
Call offlce. - -"..'
YOUNG Japanese boy wants place as school ¦"
; boy. HAM ADA. 1026 Oak st; ; tel." Fell ; 1156.1
FIRST-CLASS cook wants ¦ work '• by the day;
best of references. ; Box: 4319," Call; of flee.., -.
STEADY and reliable grocery clerk wishes po-
sition In small store. Box . 4312, • Call offlce.
BOY wishes position ' to run elevator.* * Address
J. H.. box 4289. : Call offlce. \ , _--.•. • « : ,
POSITION as bath' bouse porter." 'Address box
4290.' Call . office. ;-¦,:¦,
BARBER wants ' Saturday, and . Sunday i work. -
Apply, 230 Third st. ;^ j^- . . ;
E5XPERIENCED bookkeeper,' age 22, fine pen-
man, very rapid and accurate/. best of. refer-'
: ences. ; Box 4300. ' Call ; of flee/ *
BUTLER. >*st city references, wishes sltua -
*"- tion. ,^t?S»8s3 L. A.. 817 Stockton st. ; phone
,. Main 1304. ¦. -•-.-.¦ -.-. - *•/¦¦;• y ¦- :-. - .-*,.; ¦•¦• ;¦¦
WANTED— Situation as porter. PAUL JONES,:
083 Clara; st " ; ' .¦ N ' :* .*-;;• ;:• v?-~;.
YOUNO ' man, ' 19/ ' wantsl position : as ' porter/
,E.v ADAMS.; 57 Fourth St.; \; I .'
POSITION by young man 22 years old, where
• ¦ . there Is ' good ' chance ¦ to ' advance ; ¦ salary ¦ no
t object. . Address box 4350. ¦ CaU ; 61 flee. .-.
BOY. wants work of any kind; i no night work.'
- Box 4209, Call office; ; ?. ;,"^;v-- -;
YOUNG - man ;' wants ! night ; work. * 2S9 " Fell
street. HHHEli^^S^S^.: - ' v ¦
- ~M~XO'y_CE~Tr TUTAH T-!D— K-le-—Con: '
YOUNG 'i man- wants • a i position - in" machine
shop; age 18 ; years. "_ Box 4216, jCall office. .'
CARPENTER wants work; finishing or rough;
. city or country; reasonable wages. Box 4216,
V.Call: Office.;.--; .-.:..•. V" -- : ' '¦:'. *'%'--V;-'
CHINESE, flrst-class cook wants position in
boarding-house. CHARLES, 7 21^ Brenham
.-. place.?-; /i.:. :'.;:. ;¦•. ¦-;.;¦:. -... .¦..;•.¦¦•¦.¦¦
JOB compositor or- all round man . would . Uke
' position In city or country Monday morning.
' Box 4275, Call ; offlce. ', V
WANTED-i-Posltlon as clothing salesman ;• ex-
perienced. Address box 4276, Call office.. _
WANTED— Situation as collector.' • i JOHN
ANDERSON, ; 854 , Third gt.
AN experienced carpet layer wisbes position
: in eome large furniture house. Apply 630
' Natoma st. *
BARBER of 2% years*, experience wishes a po-
sition . in a country ¦ shop; strictly sober.
. Addresy J. M. F., 14 Salmon St.. S. F. -
MAN and wife want positions; private faxntlyr
- man understands horses; wife, cook or gen-
eral work;. country ¦ preferred.. ¦-¦¦ Address to-
day or Monday; r references. Box 4S74, Call.
A'MAN wants any kind of work. 623 Eliza-
beth »t. • . ' . ¦ . ¦
ADVERTISER .will give bonus $25 to any ono
procuring him steady position paying about
115 per week; man- Is strong, willing and
obliging, with good references: used to driv-
ing, pair horses, laboring and warehousing.
Box 4323. Call offlce.
POSITION as errand boy. Box 4345. Call office.
BOY wants work after school. 3521 Twentieth
~: street,. . f'.r/jf- ¦ ;¦ ¦ ¦ - ---¦•¦¦-.•¦
YOUNG man bookkeeper wishes few hours*.
work In the evening.' Box 4355, Call office.
YOUNO man wishes position as bookkeeper.
"... Address box 4366. Call offlce. '
PLUMBER desires steady work in country.
Address box 4366, » Call offlce.
MAN wants messenger's position. Box 4356,
Call offlce. "
I BOY of 14 wants position in wholesale house to
work himself . up. Address 945 Fillmore gt.
JEWELRY talesman I wishes position. Box
. 4357< Call offlce.
BARTENDER wants work- L. B.. 212 Fifth
street.
PAINTER wants /steady work; Eastern man.
2279 Harrison st. , • -
BOY wanu position In an offlce. Box 4359,
Call office. ,
WANTED— Position as watchman; can furnish
references. COLLINS, 744 Howard st.
- CARRIAGE trimmer wants work. Box 4264,
CaU offlce.
POSITION as Jeweler's apprentice. Box 4343,
Call office. -V- ..-.¦'••. ...
EXPERT bookkeeper wants position; refer-
ences. Box 4265, Call offlce. ,
WANTED — Position as shipping clerk; No. 1
local references. . O. L. L., box 42J5, Call.
WANTED — Position as electrician's helper for
Interior work. A. S. B., 1107 Van Ness ave.
TEAMSTER wishes position. Box 4342, Call
office. ¦
A YOUNG man of 18 wants position with an
electrician who makes a speciality of re-
pairing elevators;" gome experience In elec-
trical, work. Box 4282, Call office..
MEDICAL student (trained nurse) wants. work
in exchange for board. Box 4222. Call office.
JAPANESE school boy; fine cook; housekeep-
ing; economy; wages $4 week. GEORGE,
2316 California st. ; ; :
JAPANESE couple .want a place in family;
man good cook; wife any kind of work." K."
K., 1 Adelaide pi.. Taylor St., bet. Post and
Geary cts.
JAPANESE bey wants position to do house-
work and help kitchen; small wages; city or
i country. T.-ITOW, 951 Webster St., Oak-
i land. . ' '..-•¦ ,. "
j WANTED — Position a* 5 stableman; young man;
understands care of borses. T. A'. P., 54, 6th.
.YOUNG Eastern- man wishes position to work'
mornings and evenings for board and lodg- ;
inz. as he is desirous of attending college
.during the day. ' Box 4304, Call offlce.
1 * . " ~ ..¦:.¦¦¦'
.WAITER, wants [position. ..610*4 Geary st. _,.
YOUNG man wants' situation as watchman or
any place of trust. H.; WATTS.; 412 Broad-
way.
i YOUNG man would like position asvbarten-
J der. Address J. SMITH.. 400 Ellis St.
SHOE repairer wants position. Call 340
1 Sixth Ft.
1 ¦ , — ; . —
I BARTENDER. desires posltionvln country.' L.
j. HICKS, 320 Ellis tt. . •..
1 CHINESE- young boy wants position in offlce.
1 , B. Y. TOM. 320 Kearny st. ¦..„ 1 -
! YOUNG man would like position as book-
i keeper: -can furnish best of references. C.
I. TnACE. 33 Bright St., Ocean View.
1 BOY wishes to work In a butcher shop as cash
boy. 1095 Mission et. -
¦ . 1—
SITUATION wanted as . grocery clerk; can
drive. A.DDly 394 Dolores st. . . ,
EXPERIENCED young man wants position in
j hardware buslneps. Box 4390, Call office.
BOY would like work in wholesale house. Box
4392, Call office.;
I A BOY 14 years old wishes a Saturday Job.
j 3140 Pierce st. ' .
1 YOUNG man wants position. 20 Langton st.
COMPETENT accountant and 'salesman desires
. position, city or eountry. Box 4391, Call.,:
A SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trade
- desires a position. O. A. S.; 455 Minna st. \
WANTED — A position as 'grocery clerk. Ap-
ply P.' JONES. 863 V, Market St.,
STRONG boy want^ to learn carpenter trade.
Box 4371, Call office. ' -. . ;; .
I ' ¦ :
¦ GENTLEMAN nurse wants position to wait on
] sick. 054 Harrison Et.
• BOOKKEEPER, capable offlce manager, with
executive ability and able correspondent,
soeks position; highest credentials. Box 4377,
Callo/flce.
1 POSITION as butcher (sheep); Box 4378. Call
j - office. . --. -.. . ¦¦-,..
MECHANICALLY Inclined young ' man '. wants '
to locate with firm doing contracting or man.
-ufacturing business; has -had good experience
with steam, and hydraulic machinery. Box
4246,' CaU offlce.
¦ ¦ \
A POSITION as offlce boy t* wholesale house.
- Box 4251. Call offlce. . . \ . ¦
WORK wanted in priitlng offlce. Box 4245.
• Call offlce. . ' . : .
BRIGHT, intelligent, handy young man/ speaks
- German and English. - desires position as por-
ter, lunch man or any kind of work. - Box
.. 3072., Cal} offlce. j . : - <
I WANTED— A Job to drive team. Box 4360.
. Call office.- . v
WANT a position as barkeeper..* Box 4364, Call
--¦office.;.': _ ; ,- ,: :-XZ'« ;.;'*' >:' ', / ;•'. '.
ACCURATE accountant wishes steady position;
•1 bonds and : references If- required. - Box 4362,
-.-'• Call ottlce.'f&*^gjfgjjj!iggQjjgjggfc
A STEADY, reliable barkeeper. wishes a posi-
' v'tlon; best of . references. Address box 43C3,
¦ -f Call office. v ';. :\ ..;.-,-..;. ':.¦.-_;¦ -.-" H ; ,-.•.;. \\ -¦;¦'¦,
BOY' wants situation in store. ¦; Box ! 4223,""Call
:~ offlce.
;YOUNG; man-wishes 'a morning, paper -route;
'. .- experienced. C37 Webster : st.' •
WANTED— Position as bartender. Apply 8AM
; TAYLOR; 910 Market st. ' ¦ ; :. ,'j, •. ,
,WANTED^-A . situation 'as '¦ bartender. ' . TOM
..BLAKE. Ill Fourth st. . . -...' ... ¦ > : -., .
A v MARRIED woman wisbes any kind of work.
2227%; Mission if';;;: ¦ ;. r.. , ¦ v. ;. ; .
¦WANTED — By. : experienced ¦ watchman, • ' posi-
tion; first-class city references; married;. age
;39. Box_3623. Call offlce. y; ¦¦-;. ¦:¦- Z '"T- - >-s :
EXPERIENCED floorwalker .wants a position ;
furnish the best of preferences;! is honest and
reliable. \, Box 3663. Call of flee. :.: -^ , r
PORTER wants' Job In barber shop. 32 Third
~r 'street. . ''^SS___B— BSBHB
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation ; in pri-
vate vfnmiiy; good with horses. -H. B., 613
-...Montgomery.jst. _,; \ : .¦.-:,"..', ',:..:-,.. -.
-YOUNG i man wishes ' position aa ¦ stenographer
..unl, typewriter. ; •• Box 3666, \ Call ' offlce. y> ,~, ~^
WANTED^ A : clerical I position by | man" of i in-
tegrity and ability; living salary. Box 3604
( i Call i offlce. % •:.*- ¦'"" v •-;:'¦/¦ :^- : ;¦:-¦ :'-¦:-;¦':'
i' : -'¦-'-'¦ : - '¦".... '-¦' :..*'.' ""* ; . : ;¦''-" :¦..-,,¦ ¦• -. :
, IWAKTED^-Positlon "as ; porter/ Box: 45, city.
EM-*I.OxT!-IIKT VTAirr_-r-~ltAX~--Con.'
EXPERIENCED' salesman for gents' t furnish- '
-.. Ings wants poalUon.v Box 8667. Call offlce. ; ¦
BOY wants a place In a wholesale housa/ Box
.3606, Call office. ; . . . •;,..-. .. '
COMPETENT/ and experienced. accounUuit
• wants sets of ¦ books to keep, . opening and
closing books-, expertlng accounts, etc , Box
22«!3..Call offlce. . . ¦".- : -*-.
.. . . . : ¦ -•. .-..-..#. - * ¦ •
LATHER wishes steady Job. 1065 Market at.
AN all around candy-maker wants a position.
J. E. J.,-816 Lyon st. - ¦- -.¦-•-. ¦ .
FIRST-CLASS offlce clerk wants position. Box
,4212, Call office. ,.' ;" ,* ':
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job. 8140
' Pierce st. . » v \ * ' \ ;
A STEAM-FITTER desires a position. H. '8.,
pC 771 Howard st. .
SITUATION wanted 'as second cook (German).
Apply 438 First st. - ' '
POSITION- as bartender desired by .sober and
steady young man; city preferred; references
given. : Box 5679, = Call office. . •
YOUNO man of refinement wishes position as
- traveling salesman; speaks French and Ger-
man. _ Box . S670., CaU office. : ; i->
SANDWICH man. sober, industrious,' middle-
aged, . married man. -wants position carrying
sign. Box 36Sl,>OaII office. ;.-.; . -¦;
SOBER, Industrious, middle-aged - Oerman
wants poalticn as choreman. Box S6S0, Call,'
1 YOUNG man wanU work 'as - machinist' haa
I had some • experience. Box 8695. Call office.
1 : : , i— — ,
FIRST-CLASS S engineer wants employment.
{ Box 4243. Call office. _ ' , **';.«
A BOY would like a position running an eleva-
, tor. Box 4367, Call offlce.
BOY wants position as bellboy. Box 4239, Call
.office.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building.'
.wants work. Box 424O, Call office. .
WANTED — Situation; experienced stock clerk
and clothing salesman. J. M., box 4241, Call."
A GOOD and honest boy. 17 years. ' who is an
experienced elevator pp^ator. with flrst-elass
references, wants a position. Address box
4212, Call office. : ¦ , -
YOUNG man wants position as stock clerk in
# wholesale house. Address box 4252. Call.
SITUATION wanted aa wrapper In department
store. Box 4369. CaU office. ,
. ... ¦ *l
WAITER wants -situation. 209 Minna st.
WANT a position as a Box 4398, CaU
.. f . ¦ ¦ ~ ' «;
POSITION wanted |o tend cigar stand; state
hours and wages; city references. Box 4373,
Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as porter In , wholesale
Jiouse. Apply H. B.. 237 Minna st.
MAN. 26, speaks several languages, wants po-
sition of any kind; can furnish bond If re-
quired. Box 4376, Call offlce.
A CHINESE flrst-class cook wanU position In
I • hotel. L. SAM. 21 Brenham place. "
I BOY wants a situation In a store. 1490 Minna
street. : . '. ¦ ¦ ¦ . •
MIDDLE-AGED man would like position In
wholesale house; good at figures. Address
box 4321. CaU offlce. .
WANTED— Position as a teamster. Box'4381,
I Call office. ; . ' - • .
i A RELIABLE boy wants a position In a prlnt-
I ing offlce; can feed platen press. Box 4230,
Call office. . .-¦..- t ¦ ¦ . ..
YOUNG man, 17 years' old, desires position In
wholesale house, offlce or outside work; best
of references. Box 4382. Call offlce.
BOY wanta position in an offlce. Box 4383,
'j Call offlce. _^
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman for
tailoring 'firm; flrst-class references and Al
line of customers. Box '4338. CaU offlce.
BARKEEPER wishes a position as assistant In
; a flrst-class bar. Address box 4303, Call.
m A, STEADY; reliable and honest young man
. wishes a position -as barkeeper: best, of ref-
. erenceg. V Address ! box . 4220, Call offlce.
POSITION. "• as Dorter, wholesale house. A.
'BUCKMANK. 237 r Minna. st. .
ACCOUNTANT— Graduate, with long experi-
ence and highest credentials as to character
'and. ability, seeks position; modern systems;
.correspondence confidential. Box 4221. Call.
MAN. single, -reliable. ' active and thoroughly
honest, wishes position at anything. Box
* 4302. Call offlce. . / .
WANTED— Position as collector.' Box 432S,
I Callofflce.
I A POSITION wanted as a shipping clerk; h*st .
of reference!", jj Address box 4S-'V!, Call offlc*".-
AN experienced *r>«r and • Krocery clerk wanta 1
position. Box 4340. Call offlce.
WOULD like a oosltion as Janitor. Address |
1S41 Howard st.
'PORTER wlghes steady work, - 1375 Harrl-^
i : son st. ¦ . - . '
YOUNG man wishes position as driver. 411
,Fulton Et. . - ;
j TEAMSTER, wants. steady work'. 245 Clara st.
-GRAINER wants steady work;- Eastern man.'
! B.BOELSAM," 815 Cumberland st.
! WANTED— Position rs , elevator boy; expert-,
j . enced. . Address box 4339. •. Call of oflce. ;*. ... 1
I CHINESE,- nrst-chlss cook, ¦ wanta position; !
[.private family. Box 3715. CaU office.
I' ) ; ' ;
' POSITION by. married >. man. no children, as
1 foreman on cow ranch. Address box 3714,
j j Call office. ¦ -
,¦ SALESMAN and ' clerk of - experience .wishes
1 steady position. . Box 3716, Call office.-. <
! WANTED — Position as offlce boy. Box 4281.
} ""Call offlce. • . -.- ¦ -,-. .
YOUNO man wisbes position as wrapper. Box
4277. Call offlce. .;.,,,
¦ » '
A RELIABLE man wants position as- night
. watchman; references. - Addrets V B.. 75tt
Folsom at. .
• WANT a Job as sorter. 99 Third st. . "•
'/MAN wants work of any kind. 2S7 Clara
1 «?reet.
~ YOUNG man and wife . want positions: man
; first-class ¦ coachman, do - gardening If re-
1 ' quired : - wlf e . a good cook or second ; work ;
• -, references. . Box 3720, . CaU offlce.
1 A BOY wants a ' position to j 'o errands. Box
j , 3700," Call ' offlce. , . ¦' 4 - '_ ¦} * \ . '
! BOY wants work; Just through school; any-:
i thing. Box 3696.; Call offlce. •
! LIVE ' and V experienced salesman (special or '.
¦ general) would v. engage with responsible
". house; speaks German and Scandinavian; Al
references. Box 3698, Call office..
1 ¦'¦ . ..".... .'..'., .. ¦';.'¦ - 1 , . : — :
A, BOY. wants position. 1011 Oak st.
BARTENDER wishes Job. Union Hotel, 126
..<-:. East .st.; .--. .•¦.-. .. . : :,*-. . . ,',' - ;
! WANTED — Sltuatlon'as assistant bookkeeper;
! • s'best . of references. , „ A, DAVIS, . 686 Fultc^i.
j WANTED— Position as bartender. 822 MIs-
j ;;slon st; . • : .'. ' .
• YOUNO German, wants. a Job as porter. Ad-
-. dress box ¦ 3907. . Call . of flee.
! GERMAN * wants Job ', as .' bartender. ' Addrest
j v, box : 3009/ CaU , office. .
FIRST-CLASS -carpenter -wants Job in- some
.I large store. Box 3913, Call of flee.-
pressman,- platen. ; O. ROLE,
J '; A 96 : Perry st.' :-s . . '•' .
1 " ~
• YOUNG ' man - wishes to ' carry ¦ a paper route *
1 ; Address . 45B , Noe : st. ; , : .
{ YOUNG '•- man ¦¦ wants •': position : of any kind,
j ; Box •' 3900.', Call • of flee. .",' ; ; 1- •»._-*.
-SITUATION wanted as offlc» # boy. 112 Perry
.; y . . street.- */ .•-'..-. ->-. . .•'',.: :¦.-.'-,. ¦¦" . -¦
i 'BOY wants a position in saloon as Dorter*
,-., Box; 3945. i CaU /offlce. ., .'
IJOUNO ' man ;wishes r ; to." clerk ; In 'office. Ad-
j v- dress , 456 ; Noe \ st. - ' '¦ ¦ ..-; - . " i. , : ; -. " .
I SITUATION wanted as : porter. r S. - . LEWIS '
|v < 71« i CaUfornU,st.v.;<-, / /- .- , . "
1 SITU ATION ! aa a porter. :. 1042 ; Kearny «_ ¦/-
";¦ YOUNG JmaniwlshesT situation as«driver of de-
: .y . livery ' wagon."*. : Address > 039 j Howard ; st. c ¦ ;
- YOUNGiGerman v wants Job' as cook. Address
, \k. box 3948. Call i offlce. .; . . .: v ™ 3
. YOUNG.'" steady ' man.v wants ; a Job "driving' a
fam: ls» a' union man; knows city well
JOSEPH MURPHY. ; 611 Grove st/
'-K-LOVM-JjT WA-rTEP — _C—U~-CQ-..
A MIDDLE-AGED man desires. poslUoojJanl-
,- tor or, hotel work. Address box 3974, CaU.
JOB printer wants situation; union .office only.
. Box 3377. CaU offlce. t ¦ ' ..
WANTED^Sltuatlon as Clerk. Box 3878, Call
. office. .". .^ '. i ¦
SHIPPING clerk desires position. 418 Hyde
..-street. .-.-.¦ . . ¦ • ¦
WANTED— A position as bookkeeper. Box
3S'a. Call offlce. ¦
CARPENTER wants work, contract or other-
- wise. 2027, Taylor st. .
WANTED— Position by bartender. Apply 220
Third st y-;-| ¦ - -. '
WANTED— Position by blacksmith. Apply 231
Third st. , __________
YOUNO —.an of gocd address would Uke pesi-
; tlon. Address box 3958. CaU office.
POSITION as horseshoer." 119 Larkln st.
MAN wants to do pressing. 1047 McAllister
street. . . v ?
WANTED— A position as cook. Box 3957. Call
office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as collector. Ad*
dress 133 Howard st. _
POSITION as bartender. 400 Brannan st.
YOUNO man desires position assistant; nvw
taking course bookkeeping. D. B.. 502 Hick-
ory ave. •
YOUNO man wishes position salesman gents'
furnishings, clothing; experienced. D. S.,
539 Hayes st.
RELIABLE man wishes position salesman, any
buslnecs; wages no object. J. S.% 511 Linden
ave. 1 -
YOUNG man wants Job as waiter. Address
601 Kearny st. ,' .
A GOOD furniture wagon driver wants work;
knows cl(y well. • Box 3912. Call office.
POSITION as a shoe clerk. R.' H.. 872 Bash.
SITUATION wanted— Expert bookkeeper and
accountant, with 10 years' experience and
best of references; rapid and accurate. Ad-
dress box 2955. CaU office. -
BARTENDER wants position. 68 Eddy st.
A SITUATION by linotype operator. Box
3025. Call offlce.
WOULD like position as bartender; steady
man. Address J. C. M.. 865 Eddy st.
BARTENDER wanU position. F. B-, 133*4
Third st. ".',
A \PLUMBER wishes position; 3 years* expe-
rience. ' Address 3945 Seventeenth st.
YOUNG man wisbes work as collector. Ad-
dress 648 Natoma st.
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer wanU Job work.
1006 Hyde St.; phone Hyde 60S.
WANTED — Position as stock clerk and sales-
man In a wholesale house. A. J. B., box
3S57, CaU offlce.
EXPERT horse clipper wishes position. Ad-
dress 329 Noe St. ' .;
LUNCH cook wants work. 218 Third st.
PORTER seeks position. Box 3922, Call offlce.
WANTED — Pcsltlon in office, with chance to
learn business. C. E. NELSON, Box 3941.
' CaU offlce.
POSITION wanted as night watchman. Apply
225 Third st.
POSITION .wanted as salesman. Apply 1342
Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by ad writer. Box 3878,
Call offlce. t
WANTED— Position as a cook. 325 Third st.'
SITUATION wanted In offlce. A. M., 50i Bush
street. . -
WANTED— Employment by blacksmith. Apply
. 146B Tehama st.
WANTED — Position as - porter, saloon. Ad-
drys box 3904. Call offlce. -.
EXPERIENCED carpenter would like steady
position. Bpx 3&4O. Call . office. '
WANTED — A situation as bartender. F.
FRITZ. 32 Fourth st.
YOUNG man wants few hours' work in after-
noon. Box 3S50. CaU office.
ELEVATOR Job wanted; experienced. Ad-
dress box 3S5S. Cull office.
A YOUNG man want.* a Job as stock clerk,
has good references. 2029 Mission st.
YOUNG man wishes petition as stock clerk;
experienced: references. Box S&54, Call.
WANTED— IV sition as ; bartender. 261 Ste-
venson - st.
WANTED— Position* air barber. 81 Tnird st.
YOUNG m.vi \ wants a Job in a. -s'holesa.!e
•¦house;' had knowledge of bookkeeolng. Ad-
dress or call '¦'jTl'tl Seventeenth st.
BOOKKEEPER; thorough, practical; Intelli-
gent: city or country; high • ref erencea. Box
,3S52. Call office.
WANTED — Poslticn as clerk, grocery. Ad-
dress box 3S51. Call offlce.
MAN, handy with tools, wants work. 239
Clara st.
SITUATION In a cigar store. Address H. D.,
639 Kearny st.
BOY wants position to tend clg-f store. 2067
Powell st.
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant book-
keeper. Address 1212 Misston st.
HANDY man around machine shop wants po-
sition In city. .: Box 3395. CaU office.
PAINTER, havlag all tools, will work very
reascnable. Address Painter. 409 Turk st. ;
phone Hyde 1100.
WANTED— Position as^watter In mine camp.
744 Howard st. ...
A YOUNG man wishes to 'learn the carpen-
ter, trade. 730 Naples st. '
WAN*TED — Position a* night watchman. Box
. 3740. CaU. of flee. . -\; '
WANTED — A position as hardware clerk or
bill clerk; would Uke steady employment;
temporary at present. Box 8847. Call office.
WANTED — Employment ' as ¦ watchman. Ad-
dress 225 Third st.
YOUNG man would like a Job as Janitor. T«l-
. ephone Red 1025.
BOY wants work in country. Box 3S41, Call.
TENOR. wanU position In church choir: Sun-
day work. Box 3S46. Call of flee. -
YOUNG man wanU position tn mill or fac-
- -tory; can turn. and carve; has tools; expert
on planer, bandsaw. ripsaw -and Jig; can
file and swage saws and braze and file band-
saws; city or country;' references. L. s-
858 Harrison nt.. Oakland.
HOUSE cleaning by* a handy man with tools
and experienced. Box 1462, , Call office Oak.
land. Cal. " .
WANTED— Position as collector; can furnish
• good references and bond. . Box 1463 Call
offlce. , ' cau
WOULD like work as porter. CHAS. MEIN-
- ER. 744 Howard st. v '
BRIGHT - boy wishes work after school an.
Saturdays. C. S.. 1208 Golden Gate ave.
BOY wants position to do errands. Box 3S(S
Call. -
WANTED— Situation as bookkeeper. Box 3871
Call. '.,-.-.,- ,~ .
YOUNO man, well recommended, with high
school . education, experienced clerk, desires
position as clerk, secretary or stenographer.
Box 3820. . Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man. German.' wishes posl-
tlon as watchman; night or day. Box 3814
Call. ¦
CHINESE; good cook,' wants position In fam-
ily. <?.. 1002 Dopont st.
BOY , wishes . Saturday . Job. Box 3S1 8. Call
offlce, . . . - ... ' - -
BOY wants, work In ".a printing orflce. 1236
Castro -at. ..; ..;¦•
JAPANESE! wants position as waiter at table
" or i housework In family. C. T. CH ARLT
. 719 Valencia st. ; phone 3206. '
YOUNG man wishes situation as collector. Box
¦ - 8870, .Call. ¦¦¦;¦' ' '-"•¦--;
YOUNG man desires a position* as Janitor Box
.:- 8815. -Call. ._-¦- - . . .- ¦ - ¦ .
YOUNG man, .-aged 20, desires position as ele-
vatar operator; experienced. Box S80«, Call.
WANTED — Position ¦ as .'collector or solicitor*
" '-, wUl furnish ,' horse - and , buggy. . Box ; 8932.
» 4 V v~t«
I ____»_.o____~ t -» »-»-vm.
YOUNG 'man wants Job tn wholesale house.
915*4 Filbert st. ______________»
WANTED— Work by the day. Box 8839. Call
offlce.
WANTED— Position as Janitor. Address box
3728. Call office.
WANTED — Job. as bartender. 99 Mission st.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. Box S727,
Call office "•• . -
WANTED— Situation as porter. Apply 39
Geary st., room 31.
GOOD packer wants position. Box 31£0. Call
office.
MAN and wife want work on ranch. Address
O. H. R.. 845 Mission st. ' __^
WANTED— Position as stenographer by a
young lady; reference* Box 3818. CalL
TEAMSTER ' wishes position. Box 3758,. Call
offlce.
SITUATION wanted as teamster. Box 3817.
Call office.
: SITUATION wanted— Al advertising solicitor;
j highest references. Box 3819. CalL
ENGINEER, steam or gas. Is open for a sltua-
atlon. 108% Turk st.
PLUMBER'S helper, one and a half years* ex-
perience. Address 574 Ellis st. >
YOUNO man desires typewriting work to do
at home; terms reasonable. Box 3814. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a boy to do work tn of-
«ce. ROY WALTERS. 226 Powell st.
WANTED— Position ss collector for wholesale
bouse or real estate firm. Box 3331, Call.
YOUNO colored man wishes position as porter
or all around man. Call at 127 Second it.
WANT work as walUr. /Apply 744. Howard
st. JAME3 COLLIN3. '
YOUNG lady wants poalticn as eompanton to
; Invalid lady. Address box 8S49. Call office.
SITUATION as cash boy. Address box SS96,
Call office.
SITUATION as watchman wanted by man 40
years of age. Address box 8S48. CaTl offlce.
POSITION as a foreman on fruit ranch. 915
Filbert st.
A BOOKKEEPER desires permanent position;
experienced; reference furnished. Box 391S.
Call offlce.
I WANTED— Situation "as a dishwasher. Ad-
dress box 3919, Call office. » . '
POSITION as floorwalker. Eoi T28, Call.
WANTED— Wcrk aj waiter. JOE HATES,
933 Kearny st.
CARPENTER wants position. CaU 1550
Golden Gate ave.
AN experienced picker wants a situation In
furniture house. Box 3942, Call offlce.
WANTED— By young Udy. position In dry
goods store; no experience; small salary. M.
C. 362. Third st. r
WANTED— Wcrk as porter. S. A. MAX-
WELL. 315 Third st.
ALL-AROUND carpenter would Ilk* situation;
country preferred. Address box 3814, Call.
YOUNG man desires situation aa assistant
steward. Box 3949, Call office.
A MAN wishes position to drive a light wagon.
I 3C8 Kearny st.
! STENOGRAPHER wishes position In law
j offlce. Address 323 Noe st.
I WANTED— Pcsltlon as bookkeeper. Box SS74.
Call offlee.
A BOY wishes 'a position to learn plumbing
trade. Box 39C8. Ca.*J offlce. .
YOUNO man wishes position In office. Address
456 Noe St.
YOUNO man wants position of any kind. Box
3SC9. CaU offlce.
GERMAN young: man (19 years) would like
. .. steady employment. Apply 321 Rltch st. ¦
YOUNO boy wishes to run errands after school
hours. 1415 Sixteenth ave.
WANTED— Situation as collector. Address 911
Howard »t.
A STRONG boy wishes work tn store. IS Lin-
coln place. ,"• .- ¦
EXPERIENCED labeler wants work. Apply 213
Perry st." *.
WANTED — Position as bartender. 1 Eddy st.
BY German gardner as flmt man. or as man
alone on private place; Al references. Box
3944. CaU offlce.
YOUNG boy wants situation. Box 3911. Call
office.
YOUNG man. 20 years old. would like position
as stenographer; preferably In railroad of flee;
trood references. Box 3MK>. CaU offlce.
POSITION as errand boy wanted. Box S8C9.
Call office^ -
BOY wants Job driving team. Box ,360} Call
office.
BOY wanU work of any kind. Box 4287. Call
offloe.
YOUNG man would like position In cigar sta&A
mornings. Box 3900. Call office.
BOY wanU Job aa laborer. Box 3612. Call
office. ¦ . _ 9
BOY wishes position aa errand boy. Box 3610
Call office.. .
MAN wants work as laborer. Box 3737 Call
office . , . .
BOY wanU Job as errand boy. . Box 3739. Call.
WANTED— Position as errand bey. 145 Thir-
teenth at.
WANTED— Position as porter. Box S75O, Call
offiee.
BARBER would Uke a steady position tn barber
shop W. J. C. 158 Fourth st. city.
BOOKKEEPING or clerical work: references.
Box a741. Call offlce. " «---».
A BOT wishes a Job. Apply 2_4 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by man and wf** to take
vbarge of country hotel; #TT>*r!«sc*<i and
referencea. Box 3742. CaU office.
EXPERIENCED hardware »*:«-»— »a — ant*
position. Box SS01. CaU offlce.
YOUNG boy wants employment as porter. V_-
dress box 3747. Call offic*.
PLUMBER— Flnt-class: wages moderate: eity
or outside of city. Box 3744 CaU ef-ce.
¦WANT a place as cash boy. Inquire at 5.U
. Polk »„ . .
WANTED— Position , as waiter. 17 8txth st.
WANTED— A position , aa cash. boy. Box
4231, Call office. \
WANTED— A position as bartender. Address
box 423-, Call office.
COOK desires situation In city; restaurant,
hotel or boarding- house: good all-around
man. Box 3712. Call office.
»
WANTED— A steady position as stenographer
and bookkeeper by a young man: experi-
enced: at present employed temporarily
Box 3711. Call offiee. «»P°r*r»y.
WANTED — A position as coachman tn Drtvat*
family. Box 4233. Call offlce. V™*™
BOOKKEEPING or clerical work; references.
Box 3700. Call offlce. references.
JAPANESE honest bey wants position a*
schoolboy In a nice family A. B. «i
1 Minna st. ... . *
SITUATION wanted a* porter tn wholesale
house. Box 3756. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted^by a strong Gorman as
nursegirl. M. B.. box 3755. C_U offlce.
WANTED— A position as bartender. 943 Mis-
slon st. " - / 3_________________a_i
FIRST-CLASS bartender wanu position. 14
WANTED — Place "on a ranch. Box 3743 Call
office. . v *
YOUNO man. German. '1% years tn the coun-
try, wants portion In hotel, in or out of
town. . PAUL BACHER, 335 Fourth 1.
POSITION as errand boy wanted. Address 1
YOUNG man wants a position as porter Box
37C8, Call offlce. ¦. ¦, .... ,
.WANTED— Position by young man as shoe
¦ clerk; -references given. Box 3748, Call.
STEADY, sober : man ,w anU work as stable-
' man or teamster: city or eountry: refer—fa.
Box 3882. Call «tflc* TOUU " T « -««"««*.THE :y SAN : FRANCISCO : C ALLv, SUNDAY; OCTOBER / 23, 1004:
f -r?yi*nKT WAnTTBD— Hale— Oon.
'".•W, Tfc:D "i'«^» 0 " ** tuwKk bjfle*man. box,
• -. ->1, OslI crtite.
v> 'ANTKli—A pofltUn om a cash bov. Box
•'¦-*-. Cal! <*lL.^b.
V.'ANTKI) — Pc*SUor. as barttnder. ¦ 45 . Turk
royltion as a waiter. 75 Third st.
I5tTTl.Cn wlehcg a pt'*IOon; city or countrj".
na« ii^:-ciasti references. Box 373S. Call.
1'OSITIOX *-ant*<l by a oarpt-nter in a hotel or
Ia.-j.-e firna. 1212, Polk st.
liOY u-b.nts to carry payer route. Box 3737,
Call oiflce.
BOY would like position as offlce boy. 227 !
Minna st. 1
I
WANTED— A iKisition as "errand boy In a '
wholesale hcu*e: a«e l&. Address «ll Eddy.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a trustworthy man: understands J
gardening, milking, handy with tools; good I
horsemen and driver; first-class references, I
Box 3700. Call of nee. 1
HOY wouLJ like to get position in store. Box
1213. CaU crnce.
EXPERIENCED janitor uants situation; best
of r> u 1 t-n»t-t-. Box 372*. Call olfice.
A YOl'NO boy wants a steady place. Box
S721. nail otfice. • -
WANTED— Job In wholesale bouse. Box SC76,
CaU office.
A TOUNO man would like a situation In an
office. Box 36S3. Call office.
WANTED^-A poEltion as billiard room keepe^
,W. H.. lx.x JCM, Call office.
W ANTED— Portion as porter. 75 Third et.
CARPEXTER wants work; understands plans.
Box SCO. Call office.
CARPENTER wants work by the Job; a first- J
class ; noB-union. k Box 3687. Call office. J
WANTED — Position as actor. RALPH FRIED-
MAN. 143 Powell rt. j
FIRST-CLASS chef wishes position in restau- |
rant; city. Box S724, Call offlce. I
EXPERIENCED and competent bookkeeper j
seek* position in the country, preferably with i
a mining company; age 27 years; reference* ]
KUbmltted and bond furnished if necessary. '
Box 3733. Cail offlce. j
JAPANESE couple want places; man good !
cook; wile any kind of work. M. K-, 1 Ade- j
laid* fiisxe . off Taylor et.. between Geary
and Post.
A JAPANESE boy wants situation as school-
boy. R. ICHIKAWA, 61 Minna st.
KNVELOI'ES to addreea during anare time.
104 Union SQuare. '
WANTED — A position as elevator boy. Box
3701. fall offlce.
YOUNG man, de«tres a place as watchman.
Address box 3702, Call ofr.ee-.
A CHINESE cook wants position la a- family.
Y.. 21 Brenham place.
ENGINEER, ras and oil engine*, wants posi-
tion: well acquainted on bay and tributaries.
Box 3704. Call office. 1
WANTED — Outside position. Box 3706. Call. I
BOY want* Job as cabh boy. Box 367S. Call.
WANTED — Pofltion ae packer or, porter,
wholesale hou*e; best city references. Box
S6SJ. Call office. •
MACHINIST. exDerieaced, in m and ell en-
ginec. yacht, launch and auto work. Box
3M», Call office.
WANTED — Prsition to learn electrical trade.
Apply 1045 Fifth ave.. South S. F. , '
WANTED— Situation as dishwasher. Box S677,
Call office.
A HOY wants to drive a wagon. Box S736,
Call offire.
POSITION of any kind by competent account- i
aDt. Box 37:;5. Call office." *
HARDWARE packer; references. Box 3859, I
Call. • j
BARTENDER wants Job. W. McCAULEY. j
ISl-MontjrcnjerV St. -- ¦
DRUGGIST wants e'tuation. 190S Sutter !
street.
JAPANESE boy would like position as gar-
.dener with leave to attend school. Address
ITO, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes position in drug stove;
' experienced. Box SS61, CaU.
WANTED— Work at anything. DAVE DOYLE. •
15 Third st. I
YOUNG Frenchman wishes position -in private!
family. Box 3942, CalL -
POSITION as machine operator. 438 Hayes ;
street. T I
POSITION as-fement worker. 221 Third St.. j
room 4. "' 1
ELEVATOR operator wishes position. Box
3972. CaU.
STRONG boy wants steady Job. Box 1470. I
Call offlce, Oakland. . j
WANTED — Situation as furniture packer r 12 i
years' experience: steady work. ED C. 1
BECKER, 6S9 17th St.. Oakland. Cal. . j
GOOD barber wishes eteady position. Ad-
dress 275 Third it-. Oakland. < -
WANTED"-Po»ltlon as nignt watchman by i
man of experience. Address 107V& Third et., '
Oakland. \
A SOBER nsia wanta a place to care for '
horses; can milk a cow. Call 26SM Teharna.
WANTED — Position as metal polisher; expe-
rience and references. Box 3S60, Call offlce.
POSITION as cook In vmall restaurant. Apply j
-*C2 Howard et.
¦WANTED — Situation as errand boy. E. C,
&44 Jeseie ot. .
VOfclTlON wanted by an all-around engineer,
electrician and. machinist ; losg experience In
mining; has tools; temperate. L. 'J. DOW,
Folsom. Cal.
PLTTMBER, Independent and licensed, wants
work by the. day or week from property-
owner; has all. necessary shop tools. Box
3»€2. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants situation. 1548 Post
.. street.
WANTED— A position ~aa collector. Addreae
117 Jones at. . . | .
YOUNG man wishes situation as driver. Ad-
dress 117 Jonea at. . - ¦*
WANTED — A position as collector. Addrees
"117 Jones et.
.WAKTED — Position aa waiter. Address 117
Jones st.
WANTED — Position as draftsman. 909 14 Mis-
sion *>t.
A GENTLEMAN would like a position as an
- op-tmtor. Bye 8821. Call offlce.
EXPERT bookkeeper wants small set of books
• to keep ereaings and Saturdays ©nlr; charges
moderate. Box 3S20.:CalI office.
MAN, tpcaics German, wants Job In wholesale
• wia«hou*e. Box 3819. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wiuhr-s situation as
. schcolboy. G. ilATeU, IT8.1 Haight St.; tel.
• Patk i4S. . :
UNION ircn molder wants work. S., 105C Nee
street. - '
FIRST-CLASS cock d;s:res employment. Box
5SC7. Call office. . _-
HAnTtXHER wants position In city or Coun-
try. Uox 3*09.- Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED gardener desires position. Box
380C. C«jll ot fic-e. WSSKfBS8,^SBBBUBUS
WANTED— A Job as eardener. O. D. TRAEIC.
HO P.wc:i 9L. ...¦¦..-.
KXPEKlEN'CEl) <wik wants poelUon in coun-
try. Ii'.x 3»C-2. Call otflce. - ;
EXPERIENCED blackcmlth wishes pesiticn.
Iiox 3812. Call office.
' SITUATION, wanted in offlce as bookkeeper.
HARRY SMITH. 2434 Pine tt. _. ,
WANTKD — Your? man would like work In of-
ri-rnoaii. CaU TG2 ' Sixth ave.
WANTED— Job as cook. 220 Mlsrion »t. '
WANTFD— Job aa clerk. 03 Third at. -
SINGLE old srntlrm&n. Carman, wants Eitua-
tion. caretaker, cashier.* clerk, oorreapondent.
proof reader.' eecretsry." oterekeeper; no aollclt-
. lor; moderate expectations; best reference**
Uox :ma. Call - offlce. *
PAINTKH. paperhanger, jrrainer. etc" fettling
h*re. *anls work with good firm: flrst-class
¦-xi«Ti«-mf in England and Canada." WIL-
LEY. 423 K*4r et. "."
A ,Y OL'NO man would '.Ike a steady place in
country as bartender .'or, wait at table; best
of references. ' Address ¦ R. E., 125 ; Linden
r st., Oakland.
EMPLQYMEWT WAMTCEP— Mala— Qon |
, AN inteniirent, ottivu ycurig man desires situ- i
ution as assistant bockke«per; bc*t reference*; 1
moderate salary: willing- to go anywhere. 1
Bax 4203. Call office.. , '.., I
COOK and - w)f« desire situations; man good »
cook and bakerr wife good waitress or *ec-
ond work In kitchen. Box 4218. Call office.
COACHMAN and Kardtner. all round handy
man. can milk, wishes position; good refer-
enccs. Box 4*XK1, Call office.
A Jf° IJ J E R wiBhea poakion; best of references.
Box 8472. Call office.
BARBER wants ; position Saturday and Sun-
dax- 103 Third st.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wUhes a
situation os /:lerk tn crocery store and bar-
i room; good references. W. BOHLJNG. 417 .
j Kcarny at.' '
j CHANCE front line battle of life to work for
1 Imputation; moderate salary; tood penman;
business man; total abstainer; 28: must have
I work or go under. Box 3432, Call offlce.
! YOUNO< man, bookkeeper and stenographer.
j wishes position as salesman of gents* fur-
I nishtng goods. Address C. C. P., 2820 81x-
1 *«*nth tt.. cKy. .
BOY, IS, with sorae experience in grocery.
Box 8408. Call offlce.
A middle-aged gentleman possessing tact, busi-
ness and executive ability solicits offlce rep- •
resentatlon of responsible business* firm or
agency Tor Southern Calif ernla; a resident of
Los Angt-les. now in this city; unquestionable
references. . Address, box 3412. Call offlce.
•COMPETENT and experleneed accountant
want* sets ef books to keep, opening and
£io»ing books, expertlng accounts, etc Box
«6S. Call efflce.
GOOD mechanic wishes work; special operating |
tables, washstand and all kinds hospital
furniture. \Box 85S0. Call offlce.
I. JAPANESE boy. wish work; city or coun-
try; pood cook; good recommendations; very ,
hon<*t boy; wages $26 month. HITA, 238
Kearny at.
A JAPANESE, professional cook, wants Job;
gocd in family; clty-or country; wages $30
! "P- F. UCHIDA. 839 Sacramento st.
1 HONEST Japanese wants a situation evening
j and early morning to do any kind of work.
; 1S85 OTarrell et.; telephone 1075. j
j A JAPANESE boy wants any kind of work, I
¦ housework or porter, morning or afternoon.
; Addrtss SUZUKI. 1431 Bush st.;tel.Hyde 17L
I A JAPANESE wants a position as cook or por-
i ter. HARA. 567 Ninth St.. Oakland,
1
j x EXCHANGE. '
('WANTED — To 'exchange a gentleman's bicycle
j for a lady's bicycle. Box 4296. Call office,
t ' ' ¦
j^ TLATSIOLET.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-59 Geary
St., on the square. '
CHEAP rent — Great bargain; new 5-room flat
j for rent, $23 per month; sun all day; new
i furnishings for sale. Purchaser has advan- !
j tage of $150 paid by present tenant. Apply !
Sterling Furniture Co.. 1039 Market st.
A— -MCALLISTER, 1484— Upper flat. 8 rooms,
bath; handsomely furnished; panoramic view;
thoroughly modern. ¦ SPECK & CO.. 209
Montgomery et.
! A SUNNY middle flat. 7 rooms and bath; all
latest improvements: large garden; rent
reasonable. 1353 McAllister St., between
St«iner -ind Pierce.
NEW flat, upper of two; sun In every room;
natural wood; tile finish; beamed dining-
room: 7 rooms; reception hall; rent $40.
C27 Clayton St.- ••" f, -.";-*. fr
GROVE 1204, near Scott — Modern upper flat of
7 rooms and bath; rent $27 50. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 California st.
L.EAVENWORTH, 1300. near Clay— Lower 1
flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $40. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California.,
$32 50 — GRAND sunny flat, 7 large rooms; all
modern improvements; water and hall gas
free. S74A Valencia st., near 20th; door
cj>en to-day.
7-ROOM flat; all remodeled; new; rent $18;
also cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rent $16.
Inquire 709 Elizabeth st.,- bet. Diamond and '
Douglass. ' *•-•"¦- : •-¦'• - -
i $25 — SUNNY 6-room flat; new porcelain plumb-
j .ing; ga« mantels; additional attic rooms; 15
- minutes from Palace Hotel. 1441- Broderick
et.. near Post. ¦ - - "
BAKER, 733 — Modern middle 7-roora flat; '
new; very, sunny; between ' McAllister st. '
! and Golden Gate ave.
i CASTRO. 673, near 20th— 2 modern new flats,
- 5 and 6 rooms; rent reasonable; key on
j , premises. . .
! WARM belt of Mission; new and sunny 6-room
i flats; upper and middle flat. 1122-1124 Guer-
I rero st.. near Twenty-third; rent $33. :
! $27 50— SHRADER. 726; up-to-date upper flat
of 7 rooms and bath; sun and light ail day.
; See LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery sU
! ONE new, elegant top flat, 6 rooms and bath;
marine, view; rent only $30. SE. corner
Buchanan ¦ and ' Filbert eta.
] TO LET — Cheap, lovely sunny lower flat,' fur-
i nlshed housekeeping; large yard. Apply
j 1218H Turk et,
DEVISADERO, 1149. near Eddy — To let, new
< lower flat; 6 rooms and bath; rent reduced;
I $30. ¦ - . ¦ - . -.- '
i TO l«t — Sunny upper flat of 0 rooms; rent $25.
CS5 Broderick st.; see owner on premises to-
' day.. ; ~ »
• BAKER. 645, corner McAllister— Declrable up-
per flat, 8 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
CARL 16-1S, near Clayton — New 6-room flats;
I f23 and $25. - ;^ .
! CENTRAL, modern flat: 5 rooms, bath. 1030
I Sacramento St., above Powell.
1 FINE eunriy flat; grand marine view; 6 rooms
j and bath. Southeast cor. Broadway and Jones.
• ' ' ' ' 7~ ',
j FLAT to. let. 4 Alice st.
1 FLAT— Five rooms. 219 M Te&ama st.
I FURNISHED flat of 3 rooms to let. Apply
308 Rltch st. .
'GEARY, 667, near Taylor— Desirable middle
I flat. 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
j GREEN. 2065, near Laguna— Desirable lower
i* flat. 7 rooms and bath ;. rent reasonable.
j BILL, 527,*- near Castro — Upper, flat.. 0 rooms
• and bath.
JUST completed, flat of 6 rooms; tinted and all
conveniences. 3152 Twenty-sixth 8t.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
en LYON i HOAQ, 116 Montgomery st.
LEAVEN WORTH. 1030— Ivawer flat. 5 rooms
and t-ath. Near California st.} cheap rent.
: LOWER flat, 'SSBZ Twenty- third _ St.. near
Guerrero: 4 rooms, bath; basement.
MASONIC ave., 13G9. between Frederick and
; Waller— New flat, 6 rooms and bath. \
MODERN flat,' 8 rooms and bath and social
__ hall. 750 Golden . Gate vte.'tBSBmHBBH&BBt
'¦) NEW eunny flat: 3 large rooms and gas; rent
; $13. E. WRAY, 3322 Flllmore St.
NEW middle modern flat. 8 eunny rooms, bath,
basement. 1523 Clay et.; near Hyde.: ; ; \\*
j OAK. 952-0C3, near Scott— 2 nice sunny upper
. flats In fine condition; rent $27 50. .,
ONE top flat to let. 4208 Eighteenth , street.
PINE, 210S--Co?y flat, 3 upper sunny unfurn.
rms.; alcove; bath; gas range; refs; couple."
PAGE, 1737— Elegant flat of 6 large , sunny
rooms and bath; rent $35; G. G. Park. ¦.-•,-' '
! PROSPER. S5, between 16th and - 17th-^New
, modern . flat. , 5 , sunny^ rooms/ bath; rent ; $23;
' - ' ' ' ' ' - -,..' VH^^ HHM .' y^-^SJMSJSJCJSjjHSjMMUSSESBaj 1
SIX rooms and bath to let. 95 Cumberland st.
SIX, Kunny rooms and bath; $20. Corner of
. Cumberiilnd aiwl Dolores st.
SIX-ROOM flat to > let. . 3U09 Sacramento st.
Rent ¦reasonable; all-night' car; service. '.
STAN YAN. >• 818, ¦ near ? Frederick— New sunny
modern flat of 7| rooms; : choice - location. •
gUNNY^A-room flat." bath, etc. ";Vr*Bt Reason-
able; cdulte. 2319 Jackson at., ,nr. Flllmore.
SUNNYflat'to let..- SOU 1 De%-lsaderb at.' .',"<;¦;
¦ THREE : ROOM ¦ flat to! let." ,25>S - Rltch st: ' ; u •
,T0 let-r-Cho'ce 'upper : flat. r 28G1:. Washington
st.. between Scott and Devlsadero../
, TWO upper new flats; 6 ; rooms ; rents ¦ $27.' 60;
ira.17 '¦^^Foinorn^ tt-VsSBBSBtBBBtSmmKSSmKSmBU I
IU PPER fla t of 1 7 i rooms and ; bath ; "- rent ' »2o. ¦
. -:'jA.pply'354 ! "Preclta ave. • ' . -. ' - . ,; ,
.: >I.j.T3TO EiET--ContlBnad. / .. :
UPPER - fl« t, ' « sunny rooms and bath. 471 ,
, Guerrero it. ..'¦•;:¦ ¦';/¦¦¦.'. . ¦ ',; ! 'y ¦¦¦:-:'
IHTEIl -fiat: 7' rooms. 1708 Fell 1st.: key
lower flat." " • ¦;-.,-• - ' r :
UPPEU flat of 7 rooms » and ¦ bath; modern.;
272ii Mly irtpn st . . .between 23d and 24th. .
$10— UPPER « rooms.' Rear '706 Clementina
gtreet.^^ififflrffijqirTffifflfjffi^ 1
$20 — NEW upper flat. 6 r. and b.; no children.
¦US West ave., 1 block from Mlssion-st. | cars.
$20— FURNISHED bay-window flat; 4 rooms;
-'•housekeeping. 228% Eighth st. .• • ~: ,
$3250 — ELEGANT, sunny, new 6-room - flat, - 1
block north of Market. 105 Noe efcy-nr. 15th.
'^jnATS_JPO^JBKLiE---Pjaxn^^ED^
FOR SALE— Completely furnished modern ¦
sunny six- room flat; all service free; renj
reasonable; three rooms rented to permanent
tenants; call after • 0:30 p.- m. or make < ap-
¦ polntment. 877 Eddy st. Phone Sutter 3395. : (
FOR sale — The contents of ' 2 housekeeping
rooms, cheap. Apply. 120 > Turk st.: -rear
house to be torn down. Call before 2:30 p. m. ¦
FURNITURE of 6-room' flat for salc;<KOOd op.
.portunlty; family leaving country. -lUl- Bel- •
vedcre et. • , .¦.-.. .
LANGTON. 80, bet. Howard and Folsom—
Bargain; leaving city; furnished flat of 4
rooms; rent $10.
MODERN 9-room flat; well furnished rooms;
full; bargain. Apply 12 to 8 p.- in., 1178
Kills st. ' \ .'.
HOWARD. 1130%— Furniture from a sunny 7-
room flat; must sell; reasonable.
MIDDLE flat. 6 rooms' and bath; furniture and
carpets nearly, new; reasonable." 630 Polk.
CHARMING sunny corner, six-room flat, com-
plete;. clears. $15. 494. Eddy st. . y
FOR sale — Nicely furnished flat, 6 rooms, bath;
rent reasonable; cheap. 400% OTarrell st.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat for sale cheap.
G23 . Jones st.
MONTGOMERY. 234— Flat of 6 rooms; price
$200; rent $25; third floor.
$175— 7-ROOM flat; rent $19. 046 Geary at.
$373— Furnished sunny corner flat; 7 rooms;
rent $43; call after 10 a. m. 721 Franklin st.
FIATS WAHTED. ;
UNFURNISHED flat, 5 or 6 rooms; Western
Addition or Richmond District. Address C.
E. C. 670 Third ave.
WANTED— Modern flat or apartments of four
rooms; unfur.; reasonable. Box 8968, Call.
.^ yUitMTTTJBE 3P0B ffATiTl.
AT you r own price (If mine is too low); furni-
ture of 9-roorn modern bouse; separate or
entire; Sunday and Monday; no dealers. 729
Asbbury st. - »
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 60 down, $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co., 340 Post st.
PART furniture 7-room Ubuse; 8 months' use;
rugs, gas stove, water heater. Box 8242. Call
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 813
OAK 'folding-bed, almost new. at- 223 Twelfth
' st.; call after 12 o'clock. •
''' PUBMlTlHtB WAHTI1P.
' . , ABE LEVY.. • • : -"-'''".I*""
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jeseie 761.
Don't sell your rurnlture. carpets, offlce fur-
, nlture, etc.-. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell - on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2336.
; -' ;^ •'•• FrjTAjrcxa.li. '_ .'.' '-.-¦'
, FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Secured by tbe best of Income business prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
interest.
Bend for Prospectus.
REALTT BONDS AND FINANCES CO. ONC.)
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14ta St. ;
Oakland.
»—— 1—^ * . '
t ' - — ' ' ' '¦
FOR sale — 250 shares of the Oakland Crema-
tion Association at $39 per share; has paid 5
dividends ot 30c per share since and includ-
ing March last; another will be declared In
December. . •
200 shares in S. P. M. Co. at $110 per
share; this company, owning all the ware-
houses along the S. P. Coast road In Monterey,
San Luis Oblpso, Santa Barbara and Ventura
counties, has paid < 50c per share to every
stockholder monthly for the last ten years:
surplus on hand. $90,000. W. E. BARNARD
476 Tenth St.. ' Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in........ '.....$4,600,000 00
Surplus 940.901 M
Issues ,
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
. At par.
Offlce— No. 14 Sansorae street,
I San Francisco, Cal.
• ¦¦- ¦ *-' -' : ]
1 IN the last twelve -months our loans \ aecrre-
rated over $125,000 at 1 per cent per
month; , loss none: ¦ we need more money.
Have ' you any to . lend ? For particulars ad-
dress box 4236. Call offlce. - . -.* ~<
WE finance your business; corporations formed:
capital procured. If ; you desire to conduct
your business to better advantage call on or
write to CONSOLIDATED AUDITING CO.,
3C9 Mills building. . • 7 r 7 ;"
PARTIES with $2500 can buy a fair Interest in
one of the best fishing propositions In Alaska.
Box 1459, Call pi flee. Oakland.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
sold: strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 622 Croseley bldg
COOK, German style . . . . .' ; .'.$35 j
Cook, . 8 in family -......'..;.$35
German or French cook ..;.'......;.."... .$30 ;
Cook, small boarding-house .......$25 ;
¦ Dishwasher, same place ............... '.$15'
2 parlor maids .•. ....$30 ''
3 second girls' ..". ..'.. ...'..;.;..;.'.. ...;i'.$25 '-
Cook, no wash, Alameda .». .....$30'.
Housework, city ..............' .'.$30 •
; 2 butlers, city :..'....•....;.. .....$40 and 545
2 waitresses, restaurant:... ..$8 week
French go-uerness and seamstress ....... \ $80 ':
3 nur«e girls......... ...$25 and $30
Nurse . girl for 2 children. . .*. .; v . . . .$:{5 i»
Kitchen helper, institution .......:. ...$25
Housework, Oakland ....... V. .... "*. ¦....;, $30 -.
Housework,. Berkeley ','rr.":rrr.T....- $30
' And a large number of girls : for ' housework, '¦
. city and -country ¦.......:..;. $20 «$2S,- $30 '•
Apply to J.E. CROSETT & CO./ 334 Sutter. st.- 1
A. NURSE for; 2 * grown children; $30; - refer; !
A cook for a small family in Alameda, $30. j
A : waitress for a restaurant, $8 week;- ¦ 1
A nurse. for 3 children, $80. ;. ; !
Waitress and chambermaid. Menlo Park, $25 I
A nurse. for 1 child. '$18 month.-. ¦ ' j
20 housework ¦ girls, $25 1 and - $20 •
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.'; near. Powell: L --
EXPERIENCED Jewelry, and silverware sales- '
woman wanted. -' 'Apply between 9 and 11 •
\ a.m. at HALE BROS.' \ ;; ' j
TYPEWRITER and ; stenographer : /wanted:
state salary and experience, if any. . Box
8879,- Call office.. , : . ,, >, v .. : i
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted ; ;' 8 . days a '
; week; good pay; People's Restaurant, 631 !
: Clay; st. ' ..-•¦¦.:¦-. ,'- •¦'"'.--.-,¦¦- -;¦.¦..•.-.-'¦¦*
A — OPERATORS on - ladles', underwear; good
t pay. ' j 656 Mission ' st. , % third ¦ floor. . ¦ 1
A — OPERATORS on ladles'^ waists; good pay. i
'656'Mlssion st., »tblrd; floor. , j
HELP, of all nationalities \ to * fill various posi- i
,1 tions.'i MRS.;LAMBERT, t 418;Powell st. V !
WANTED^Alteratlon- hands' on' coats' suits
• and skirts; j R; V>. ) DAVIS & CO. J, : ;
GIRL ' wanted \ to - learn ; tobacco 5 stripping. * Ci- •-
: gar/ Factory,';; 42i Market st. ..-; ,.
NURSE girl : wanted. ' 1111 j Geary . st. , ' . . . '
WANTED-2-German girl I for upstairs work and I
'wait at table. : £21 California st. • ,
FIRST-CLASS ¦< sleeve 1 mflker . and ;• Improvers. 1
¦ ESTES, 405 Geary, 8t.-. . ,.,
WOMAN ¦ to ; dean . paint. '-; Ni 145 '¦ Linden lave.," '-.
" near^Van. Ness. ",-¦¦'.-. ' . ".- : '. ¦.: • y . -
, GIRL wanted. V 664 Ellis - st. .:'y ; ¦ ".1
WANTED^Tobacco • booker. •¦ ; HORN * BROS.'. ; -'
.1125 Market «t., ¦ . :¦.•;.-.. \y-jy.;.. -¦¦¦'.. .',;;,• .¦•..';...'/
AN experienced finisher on ehirts at GREEXE-
- BAUM,- WEIL" & -i MICHEL'S ; factory 531 ',
..'!MicsIon.et.".vi:'sv-'.v>-j^i-55^^ft-^.v;^iiii>^ii/i
.COOK {wanted ,'atrC25!Hydej st. -. .
¦¦¦''"'¦'*.¦¦¦ ¦'-':¦'. "¦"":¦:
HEIJ? V7AHTED— rEMAriE— Contlanea.
NATIONAL EMPLOYES' .'RECORD,'CO.:- j
" Stenographer .-. who-.' can-? take ' German ': and ,
Knxlifcli dictation and -transcribe same on type- '
writer, $75.' -:,-¦,••:¦¦¦:- .,"*>; >¦¦'•¦ i- ¦:.-.;¦.¦¦'. > .- ".-v-ii.--:- ¦ 1
• 2 ladles for copying,'- good penmen, $25 start. !
Assistant bookkeeper, $4 to $10 week.
2 salesladies, dry goods, $S week.'-. ' .'- ' -.--' -i
- tl ladies, learn to make envelopes,- small sal-
ary paid while learning, • piece work thereafter.
3 skirt' hands, $S to $12 week.
Photo saleslady of gocd -address, S 10 to $125.
Printers' saleslady, fS to $20 week.' .
r Glove ¦ salesladies, 4W to $8 week.
Coupon salesladies,- $4 dayr^ v ¦: : i ' '"
, Of floe open until. 3 p. m. Sunday.
i - ,509 HEARST ; BLDG. ; / V :
ATithe National Employes' Record Co.
Stenographer, German ¦ and ¦ English dicta-
tion. and typewriter. ; $75. , - ,
Photo saleslady, salary ; $40 ; to $125. ,.
¦ r Wrapper - and : assistants shipper, . shoes, . good
• ¦ . salary. ' - , : ¦-¦¦<.:•-.¦¦ ¦¦ ',uv ¦ ¦ • " . '
3 sklrV hands,' $8 to $12. .1
. ' PrthtCT"s saleslady,. $8 to $20 . week.
¦Glove salesladies, '$6; to $10. . . .
Offlce open Saturday ' till . 8 p. m. and ' Sun-'
- day . tin 3 p. Ttu*j&*BpKemri&BBimf&ji!3&tt
¦'¦¦: y~ . ,. 509 HEARST BUILDING. . •-, .
A— WANTED— Girls ':, to , learn - halrdresslng, :
manicuring, etc. : trade taujcht from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately ;< positions
guaranteed at $10 per - week, .up; ¦ leading
.''school in-West.. 233 Geary st., room 13.--
WANTED— Girls to team 'millinery now .for
. fall season; both seasons/taught from start
to finish, in one month for $16; positions as
¦ tritcmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
. $10. per week up; 7* positions to.be filled lm-
mediately. Parlors 1 143 . Stockton ; St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng, '
manicuring, -electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice . a day; . guarantee * positions; only
recognised college of its kind on coast; day
and evening ' classes ; • all • parlor ; work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN.
STANDARD FACTORY, CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
LADIES wanted everywhere, oopylng : letters
g - at home, evenings or. spare time, and return
to us; no. mailing or. canvassing; $0 weekly
earned; materials free; Inclose self -addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co., Now
, S 12, Ninth st., Philadelphia, Pa.
LADIES, $7 • $10 weekly earned doing plain
sewing home; material sent free. Stamped
envelope brings particulars.' Union Co., 1215
Filbert St.. Philadelphia, Pa. .
WANTED-*-Ladiea to do piecework at home; •
i steady employment; good pay; experience un.
. necessary. Call Emma' Spreckels bldg.. 927
Market st., room. 401. -• • ._ 'st
LADIES to introduce our handy hat -fasten-
ers; practical article; no more hat pins; 25c
for, sample and particulars. L. A. DIETZ
CO.. Walla Walla, Wash.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish ma-
. terlals and pay $7 to $12 weekly. , Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 84 E. Mon-
roe St.. Chicago. • •
LADIES having embroideries, , Battenberg.
drawn work: to sell; also, to do order work.
Ladies'. Exchange, 34 Monroe St., Chicago-.
A .YOUNG girl. 13 to ; 18. ; to assist - In * light
housekeeping and take care of children. , Ap-
ply 041 Turk 6t.,-room 22..
WANTED— Girl or good woman to' do. light
housework. Call Sunday and Monday, ' from
11 to 2 p. m., 10 Alvarado st.. bet. ; 22d-23d.
GIRL, general housework, .cooking; good
wages; small family. 1410 - CFarrell st.,
Monday, 10 to 12. .._•.
WOMAK with a child not under 10 year** to
keep house for 1 adult on ranch; good home;
wages $10. Box 3501, Call offlce. ,
GIRLS and dressmakers to - learn new . Joy
system of dress cutting. C. A, JOHNSTON.
131 Post st. • %
WANTED — Bright lady to act as secretary to
mining man; must deposit cash or give bond;
travel part of time. - Box 4296. Call office.
SEWERS— Ladles' waists, tennis gowns, eto. ;
. work sent or carfare paid. H. ¦ FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell st.
LADIES* earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters." Send envelope for particulars. Ideal
Mfg. Co., Caesopolls, Mich. *\
WANTED — Girls ¦ experienced in facing dried
fruit;- good wages. -Apply 7:30 a. m. Mon-
day, .222 Drumm st., upstairs. ; .
GIRL for general housework; 2 tn family; Pale-
Alto; $25. Call Monday. 10 to 12, room M,
751 Sutter st.- : •¦;..;;:;: ¦• / -.J' : .;.' :^i^ :
GIRL about "16." with some experience,* ;to fold j
and : stitch .booklets.' Edward Knowles Com-
pany. 24 Second st. /''¦*"
GIRL for cooking and . housework; no window
washing; no children; wages $20. Sox 8686,
Call office. ¦ , ' 9&2ra!t?&&$Bffr
WANTED — A "\ respectable woman. for general
housework and cooking; -wages $20. 2815
.. Pine st.-; {.. '.y ' ' .; ' . ¦'. \ ', ..
LADIES — $30 thousand copying ':¦' letters, ; no
mailing to friends or furnishing addresses.
Gem Art Co., Dept. 602. Chicago. ' . _ .;
YOUNG girl for housework. 1213 Pacific ave.
NURSE girl wanted. 304 Van Ness ave.
DO retouching, $15 to* $25 per week, learned In
3 months. .12 % Rose et.; ' \> ,
FIRST.CLASS ironer. Eagle Laundry.' 57 Col-
¦".;.'; ton* st. - %
WANTED — Girl for general housework. ' Ap-
' ply 57 Hermann, st.
EXPERIENCED - operators on ladles' under-
wear. H.. KLAS. 1175 Folsom st. .
OPERATORS on duck goods. . 166 New Mont-
:gomery street.-: --«¦
A- GIRL to take care of child. Apply 620
Waller st. * .
WANTED— Maid. £21 Sacramento st. C
YOUNG girl to do light homework. 409
:.-.. Franklin; st.,: 1 Oakland. ,'.. . .... ..>,'%
DRESSMAKER'S apprentice wanted. "MRS.
.; HINDS, , 1668 Grove st. Oakland.,
WANTED— Young lady as bookkeeper. Mc-
DIARilUD'S. 1814 Broadway. Oakland..
h GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply, ¦
: with references, ' 698 Haight st. - - -. :
WANTED— ¦Woman " to give faoe and scalp
treatment. 242 Post st. .
WANTED— An apprentice girl; call" Sunday.
., -814; Sutter, st/r y : ..-¦'¦ ¦¦ -j. ¦ ¦ a y-.rry ;
' PERMANENT : position for a mature woman.
v ¦- Box 423S, , Call < offlce. *
• GIRLS to do"; plaint sewing. 2880 Twenty-fifth
'-. street. ;¦¦¦¦¦.-¦'.:" •. ->. : ¦¦ "¦ . ¦,•' -"¦; ¦-,•'•.¦,•-.•.¦ ¦.•
' GIRL • to aselst i with children; good : home;
swages .moderate.. 712 Oak st.
¦ WANTED— A washwoman by '< the day.'* Apply
.;-. 676; Ellis «;; V'i"-."- V,- ....-¦:.,;- ,."*^J
I -GERMAN servant ; gfrl. 839 Devlssdero • et. ;
t.WANTED-^-Dressmaker. * Columbia Cloak and
|v Suit House. 1022 ¦ Market st. .'
! OPERATORS on pants wanted. ' 1142 Howard
j'-.- street.'-"'" '."; '¦;-. ,'- -^ .': '-.¦¦. '.-'
PANTS finishers and good sewers. • 245 Seventh
I ••¦: street. .:.¦-•¦ :•;':" ', l , . :;. •
: HOUSEKEEPER .wanted. .Apply 925 Howard
j,y at.?: between il ;*nd;3 p.' m. ; .
CERTIFICATED TEACHERS for ' country
* cno01 '- 518 Parrot t building.', ., -'.;. -\* :-..--;¦'
I " • • ¦ ~ " ¦ . ' - :' - ; ' : ..-....,-
WANTED at once— 100 ¦: girls to fac/ s dried
' ' fruit at ¦ GUGGENHIME >& ¦ CO.'S s Packing-
house, Front and Filbert sis. •
i LADIES— We will '. teach the i barber ! trade ] free
• -to -six- more- ladles'- and pay- them 5 $10 i each'
I for first "8 '.weeks; ."call or write.;. JNO.' :>V.
- .; MOLER'S ! Barber e College ¦; (correct ? number)."
\'-.; C44 > Clay t st. --h .' :.- - .:;-.-.v- •- :,-',¦..-'-:;/ -¦
! EXPERIENCED ; sewing | machine operators on
>': . overalls, " coats - and • ; Jumpers ; - steady - work.
I LEVI ; STRAUSS & CO.. 32^ Fremont st.
1 ::? Apply, to, Mr.i Davis." ;* '; ;^;
VWANTED^-A' girl » about ,15 .to do light house-
swork'- and .: assist < with 'child; • $10. -^Address
! -', ;. box ; 8512. 1 Call - offlce. , ¦,•¦-;.>, \ .,...¦,:;.: y.:%.K^
SEWERS— Ladies' waist, tennls» gowns; work
vc senfor car; fare: paid.- H.' FRIEDLANDER, •
•¦•;¦•' 838. Felli st. .,* :;_:.-'. :; : - ';;.;. -"-¦.yry.C-; -::¦¦: ;¦
WANTED '^- First - class V, Jacket " ; alteration
if. hands;?Apply ; bet. 1 0 and ¦ 11 ac m? at HALE
;-.;BRO8.M>-:-'-:V. :..'':' ;'. '- v _¦'.'.:'-¦;,; ;-;¦;
7 CHEAPEST, 1 and best in 'America—The Weekly
. , Call. 10 . pages, i sent . to e any * address \ In i the ,
, ( United States ¦ or - Canada} one - year; for ; $1. - ' ¦
'.-.-.'.'• . : 'Z "B.1Z1B WA»TJBI>~MAXjerv"r':": ' .' '
/ EXPERIENCED i genUerhan }' bookkeeper '"and
- ¦-,: stenographer; apply in own handwriting,'*stat-
>;, lnff ; salary, expected.JX Box 14234,^ Call v of flce.^
I BRIGHTibbyl fori sample 2 room by V: wholesale
, v house; r state age - and (experience.' Box 3722,
•.A'Call^offica.^--;, ¦¦,'.>; ',..' . ¦ -.~ .-; , ;-- ; *• -,c'-.y- ;.:; .»- -
¦ .- '¦' ":'¦' ''¦' ¦" '¦. -¦.¦ •.¦.¦.¦.-;:••.. . - :. ..'•-:" ' ¦-.
HEU -WAJTTED— M AIiE— Contlnned.
I ¦: (SUNDAY)"
1" ' ¦¦¦¦:;¦' 8 TO 12. „•• .-•¦ '•"• ¦
'A— MURRAY. & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
I - , , Phone Main f 5848. . ¦
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
¦We-Epeak . the •: German, French, ; Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek. Spanish, Slavonian and
languages.' « : ,
:' ; 1903 We Gave : -, ¦¦' 1904 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 60.000.
. ¦"---¦¦;'-.-=.-•¦¦¦•<¦¦¦'. - ' . 1 . ¦ ,
'GOLD- " • MINES COAL
SILVER :,..-¦- MINES COPPER
Blacksmith, j placer mine. '¦ $60 and found. .
- Carpenter, mine, north, $60 and found. ¦
' ' ANOTHER MINE.
hV. 6. hand miners,. good gold mine,' no blankets
. f requited; hotel accommodations. ' reading and
ba th room ; • inquire about 1 1 ; ?75. :
3 muckers, quartz mine. $75. ' .
COAL" MINE.
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
10 coal miners, company guarantee $3 to $3 75
'day can be made; good - accommodations.
.- -•'. ¦:.. Part Fare Refunded. .
. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. ~K '.-' - . .. '
SHINGLERS, -
MECHANICAL.
¦ LONG JOBS.
- 8 carpenters, plain house work, fare 60c, $90.
¦ • 4 carpenters, Berkeley.* $3 to $3 60. .
.2 Bhinglers, , fare i SI, s long Job, $1 per M fd.
2 carpenters, mine district, $97 60.
/ .-¦•¦ . PLUMBERS. '
6 plumbers, fare paid," north, $4 day.
4 bench hands; b" cabinet makers; 8 iron
molders, see boss here, $3 60 day; 2 brush-
makers; 8 paperhangers, city.
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay si
A— ¦¦•: < ¦' ~ARE YOU -:-¦•¦¦•.¦ '.-<)
: MARRIED? ;.* .
Working foreman and wife for ranch. $60 fd.
Married fanner, no work. for wife, $80 fd.
Farmer and wife, Oregon. $40 fd.
A— . \ , SPECIALS. v
flf^ffflflHrff FOREMAN.
Foreman for scraper • Kancr. Nevada, $65 . fd.
FARMS — DAIRIES. -
80 plow teamsters, $30 to $3S fd.; 10 general
. : farmhands, . $26 to $30 fd.; 10 milkers, city [
- "and country; 10 choremen and choreboys. •
v Boy for • grocery store, city. Job; boys for
factories. - .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOKS. ¦ WAITERS, .
. BUTCHERS, ETC. ,
German cook, country hotel, ,$50 found.
6 other cooks, 5 waiters, 14 dishwashers,
etc. ; 10 butchers shops and slaughterers, $30
to $60 fd.; sausage-maker, country, shop,
south, $40 and found. .
.:,.,.-.. WOODCHOPPER.
-¦ 10 men to chop. stove. wood, north, good long
'" Job,- fare $2 50, $2 cord.
Stableman, city company, $60.
Handy man for ranch, $30 and found.
Woodchoppers, Santa Clara County. $2 60 a
. a cord. • • ' ¦¦¦
SPECIALS.
: GOOD MINB.
• 6 hand jnlners, $82 50. .
6 muckers, $76.
TP BUTTB.
- 10 laborers, no experience needed, for large
company; 6 months' Job, $60; brick wheeler,
good Job, $2 50 day.
. . MURRAY. & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
' MI-DNIGHT SPECIALS.
CARPENTERS. '
10 carpenters, house work, Santa Cruz Co.,
$3 60, 8 hours. >
6 carpenters, C. C. Co., fare $1, $3 25 day.
Baker, country shop, good man, $18 week.
Stableman, country stable, $35 and found.
Buggy washer, city stables, . $60.
10 laborers, near city, $2 day. •
Bakers'- helper, city, $30 and found. .
2 men to build fences by contract.
TO-DAY. SUNDAY, 8 to 12.
MURRAY. & READY. 634-636 Pay st.
FREE TO OREGON TO FRE^T
OREGON COAL MINERS. OREGON
' LOOK.
10 coal miners for a good mine, good air, no
gas, level vein, price $1 ton.^
BIG WAGES ' •
Can be made on this Job; ask about it.
MURRAY & READY | 634-636 CTay St.
• . STEWARD. '
Steward to take charge of boarding-house,
' big • construction Job, ' $75 and found, sea
party here.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay* eC
.- . BOOKKEEPER.
. Bookkeeper* and stenographer . for a country
¦ meat market, middle-aged man, $40 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
806 Market St., room 325, fifth floor.
"-¦ Offlce closed on Sunday:
Clerical Help Furnished Free to Employers.
Bookkeeper's assistant..... ...$15 to $25 week
- Stenographer .".....'.. .$15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry, clerk.,.,...- ....$15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
•'-Checker .$15 week
/'-Timekeepers ,'.'... ...,". .$15 week
¦ Accountant ................. .$15 to 125 week
' Collector' . . . . . . . r. .$15 week
Floor: manager.". .'.T.7. .".V.'.'V. ... . . . .$18 week
Two shipping clerks... ...$15 week
General office work.'. ............... $15 week
Bank clerk (bond ' required) $25 week
Young man learn dentistry. ........ .$10 week
, 806 Market St.. room 825. fifth floor.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Second cook, $10; night clerk, $25; offlce open
Sunday. 9 to 12.,
A — HOTEL GAZETI*E, 26 Montgomery, r. 12 —
.. Masseusae for springs, : $30.
WANTED— AN EXPERIENCED ENGINEER:
ONE • FAMILIAR. WITH HANDLING
CRUDE ' OIL; STATE AGE AND EXPE-
RIENCE. BOX 3479, CALL OFFICE.
"WANTED— A salesman for general . merchan-
¦ - dlse store in San Joaquln 'Valley; a man
preferred who can speak Spanish; state age,
salary , expected, experience had, names of
previous employers and whether married or
, single. Address box 4325, CaU offlce.
WANTED— 10 . men In each ".-", State to travel;
tack signs and distribute samples and circu-
lars of our goods;, salary $60 per month; $3
per day -for -expenses. Kuhlroan Co.. Dept.
B-20. Atlas' block. Chicago.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings, $9 50 week; send addressed envel-
ope ; for particulars. Manager Dept. S 12.
-box 1411,, Philadelphia. Pa.
SALESMAN. to cover State by N.'Y. Silk Rib-
bon 'House, to carry line on commission; fur-
nish, references. Uon & Werthelmer, 467
: Broadway, N. Y. City. V /
BRIGHT offlce boy by "wholesale" house; must
be quick at figures; I salary $30; state ex-
, perlenee and references. Box : 4353, Call. ¦ '..
• EXPERIENCED . tea packer to • take charge
of ;tea packing; room of. large. Import house;
.state age and references. Uox 3CS5. -, Call.
1 LUMBER shipping clerk; foreign and country?
„ state; age, experience and wages. Box 35S9,
Call office.. ... ;; ,- , %.
WANTED— Young men, 17 to 20, to learn tho
-.business; good prospects. Call 9 to 11 o'clock.
I ,-; NATHAN-DOHRMANN CO.. 122 .Sutter st!
ERRAND .'boys wanted, not under 15; good
; ..prospects. -Call- 9 to 11 o'clock, NATHAN-
• t DOHRMANN ; CO.*,122 Suttar.st.
I:,-. 1 - ' . — -'•
1 WANTED— Offlce boy 15 *to 18 years old: ref-
. I :erences required. RIVERS BROS., 1 205 Mont-
gomery et. ' /' , . .', ' .
' iWANTED^-3 good, bright, 5 "errand boys; steady
I' positions; chance t to ¦ advance. . M. FRIED-'
, j !v ; i MAN 1 & CO. , 233 < Post st. :
ENERGETIC -Vlnen^ to T.-.tack : signs, ; distribute
: samples^ etc.;, permanent; good pay. Ameri-
can Union,- Pontiao ; bldg.. Chicago.
. ACCURATE - feeders . for - platen •" and cylinder
; J presrea c EDWARD KNOWLE8 COMPANY,
¦ .24, Second st. .. '.-,< ,
'A" CHANCE r to make" money for bright boys
.. and girls. Call 1015 Geary at.
ELECTRICIAN'S -helper, wanted." -815 Geary
.. :^ /street/. .--. -. ..-'-.: 7, ¦ % : . - , " ' . -. . . ' :- ¦¦
WANTED— Boy about 16 yfars.: JOHN HOEY
' y CO.,' .713 ' Mission - *t?*&gSBKBSH8BBSKBMHBk_
BARTENDER" wanted.^' JOE *FETZ. corner
I gjThlrd * and j Mission : sts. f
OFFICE ; boy, v wholesale i house; state • age and
• ;-.'. wages, (expected. : 3490. ; Call .office. •
. r CARPENTER ; to ' fix medicine ' chest. , 103 '
;j; .-.¦» Fifths at.; - ;• ; ¦,::• ;,;.-.-¦ .-¦ - '¦ '
J WANTED-^-Cook. "; 2738 Pacific ave.. - -
JOB .'-carpenter, wanted: ¦'¦ 2140 " Pine street.
WANTED^-First : class bartender. 715 Eddy
: v; street. .:;'¦-! -."-''''--' '-'•' -*-'..¦ - ¦- ,:'¦'" .' . - .* • .', r
' PAINTER '" wanted.' c _ 315 j. Cumberland J street.
I ERRAND-boy}16 drl7!"years'old.TH; : Liebes &
! Co.,<187;?Po»t;st.;,bet.-8;and 8:30 a-m.*;; ¦: -
WANTEEP-Bartender. V 37 .Third st.
I PliOW- "fltte*riwahted."*Benicla' Iron I, Works, ;¦ 519
, • ; : Mission- st.'. :? San; Francisco, v/i *,-:;T»*-'»- •'
I - • *_- '- ¦_--:¦:_ y ' -¦¦---¦- ,--:¦¦ -..-"_- ¦¦ ; . - -
GOOD bootblack wanted.^ No. ; 1 > Brook st
ENERGETIC, JVellable ; men ; asTcltyTahd 'coun-
;"; try; agents;; steady positions.? 247 ! Fifth ' «!•'» f t
p GOOD, r strong boylwanted; $1' per day ;> Mutual
1 ,/_'L..&.lfc1Co.v < , Second and Bryant sts., Bryant- -
1 t st. ' entrance. y.WIZianaBBBfraxt&r*!- 4*3*m3^ ~\"
L-_- v >-v^^ i l ; r : : -:¦¦.-- .-'"•.'•¦ ' ' ; '-:' •' -. ¦ "
-- - -. , -. . •-- • ,-., . . ¦-. - r - . - . .. - .... ...--¦
AT: NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD
'- COMPANY (Inc). Tel. Main 5040.
Stenographer ¦ and assistant bookkeeper, $40
and - found, country. -. ., . . • * ...
Jewelry and diamond salesman. $100 and up.,
3 liquor salesmen, $100 to $150.
. Bookkeeper, insurance > company. $50.
: 2 wiremen. inside work. $3 50 day. , ¦
Offlce assistant, who can poerate typewriter.'
. ; $40 to start. : r Jt&UfGTlig^Hin "yfoflff
, 4 managers, competent to take full charge
of offlce, city. Oakland. Seattle and Los
/Angeles, saIary'$10 week and 10 percent
Al-man studio, artistic ability, large salary.
Kntry clerk, dry-goods, * reference required.
-' 2 tinners, roof work, regular wages.
2 florists' clerks. $12 to $15 week. .
10 boys, wholesale and retail 1 bouses, . $4 to
, $8 l -week. .
Salesman, office specialty. 520 week.
Stenographer. $15 and found.
Single-hand miners, $3 day, steady work.
Advertising solicitor, medical 1 directory, sal-
.ary and cominlseion.'.'»i**i!ji,+<^
. Printers' salesmen, $10 Week and 5 per cent.
Young man. paper cutter, $8 week.
Cordial maker, $60 start.
Surety bond man. with executive ability. $150
start. ' .
, Bookkeeper, local acquaintance prefarred.fCS.
2 men take orders for merchant tailor, $12
week.
Youpg man, salesman in - wholesale Jewelry
, house, one acquainted with watches ¦ pre-
ferred. $60. •
Placer miners for Alaska, $30 day earned.
Young men, glove salesmen, behind counter,
$6 to $8 .week, no experience necessary.
Coupon salesmen, $4 day.
Competent men to sell bonds, local banking
company and gold mine stock.
Porters, $30 and board.
;<_ boys, electrical house, $5 week to start.
Fancy-goods manager, competent to buy $10O .
to $150. *
Furniture polisher, $3 50 day.
Window trimmer and card writer, $20 week.
1 Have 152 positions open, many high class,
particulars at office.
Office open Sunday until 3 p. m.
. 509 , Hearst Bldg. •
AT INDEPENDENT EMP. AGENCY,
1 Phone James 5576. 612 Merchant St.
Want S single hand miners, $3, 8 hours.
. 6 carpenters, company work, 6 mos. or longer.
10 laborers, railroad, $2; board $4 50.
1 gasoline engineer. $3.
. 1 good concrete man, $3.
2 harness cleaners, $60 to $70.
2 hostlers. $2 per day.
1 butcher, all round man.
ANDRE'S Office, 817 Stockton St.— Man and
wife for private place, country, who under-
stand milking, poultry and vegetable garden, ¦
$50 and found; second cook. $40; cook. $60;
waiter, $40; dishwasher, $30; choreman, $15.'
etc.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 14 8d; teL Bush 405.
. 6 miners, California. $2 75 a day.
6 laborers and rockmen, $1 75 to $2 25 a day.
8 carpenters, $3 50; ranch cook.* $35.
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— Salaries $800 to
$3000; life positions; thousands of appolnt-
. menta to be made this year; 'examination
soon; our specially prepared students secure
appointments; send or apply for catalogue
giving -positions, salaries,, age limit*, etc.
Pacific Correspondence Institute, 1095 Market
st., San Francisco.
STRONG BOYS ABOUT 17 YEARS OF AGE.
STANDARD FACTORY, COR. GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
LEARN the barber trade at Halxht's: he
teaches you In shops; the only practical
method; wages while learning; don't mix us
. with ' fake barber colleges. 647 Commercial.
WANTED— 3 city salesmen, com., for the
greatest seller of the age; good men only
need apply. Call Monday, bet. 9 and 12, 2731
Mission st.
GOOD wage* paid while learning trade to 1 or
2 men furnishing references and $25 security;
eteady position. Call this morning from 8
to 12 at 212 first st.
MAN wanted handy with plasterer's and paint-
er's tools, on jobbing, etc.: state experience
' ' and lowest terms. Box 2810. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman with estab-
lished trade; local vfactory: good salary. Box
3903, Call. .
$50 REQUIRED to Join partner in a good, hon-
est, paying business. F« 10 to 2, 111S Mar-
- ket St., room 3. ..
t
YOUNG man for men's furnishing goods want-
ed. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' - * ¦- •
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 8056
Twenty- fourth st. •
OFFTCB boy wanted. . Address box 8728.-' Call
offlce. ¦ ¦ "-.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 82S Bush
... st.' third floor, room 4. .,.>.¦.:•<-;;;
FOR rale— A bargain; two-chair barber shop;
must co East. 1608 Devisadero st. .
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted to work ln-
side. LINDNER BROS., 2C3 Butter st.
CLERK In cigar stand. Box 8905, Call offlce.
WANTED— Shoemaker; first Class. Box 3933,
Call 'office. , , . ' •
WANTED — A young man for cigar, stand. A.
LEWIS. 975 Market st. \ _,.-..
TINSMITHS wanted; steady Jobs for good
workmen. 17 Drumm st- t
YOUNG man to learn a good trade. Cahn,
Nickelsburg Shoe Co., 117 Hayes st. .
WANTED — Good shoemaker. 3004 Mission st.
WANTED— First-class tinner for Tonopah:
good wages. Room 580. Parrot bldg.
STRONG boy of good family to start as errand
-boy. PFISTER'S/ 60 Geary it.
WANTED — Elderly man take care of horse
and do odd Jobs. 1428 Grove st.
BOY -wanted, about 16 years old. - O. B>, 73S
Mission st.. third floor. -
PAINTERS wanted at the Union Iron Works.
SMALL boy: easy work. SIEBE SHOE* CO.,
130 Main st. ____^___
WANTED-^-A large manufacturing concern
about to open distributing depot In this sec-
tion desire* • services of responsible man to -
tfcke management: salary $1800 per annum
and commissions; applicant must furnish
first-class references and $1750 to $2500 cash;
merchandise furnished. Address Manufac-
turer, care Nelson Chesman Company. Chi-
cago, . III. - - "T _ . . '. . .
CLERKS and carriers for the Postofflce eer-'
. vice : . examination ; soon In San Francisco;
circular J-l. giving full particulars about
examinations, salaries, sample questions,
etc., . sent free. National Corres. Institute,
Washington. D. C. or Pacific Coast offlce,
027 Market «t.; San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED everywhere — hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc. ; no can-
-, .vasslng; good pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
A* MAN of Indomitable ¦ energy- and push. ¦ a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478, Parrott building.
SUBMANAGER, also solicitors; Pacific Mutual
Life. 608 Montgomery st. : call mornings at '
rooms 31-32. 7th floor; references required.
WANTED — Seaman and - ordinary seaman.
: THOS. MURRAY. Shipping Agent. 510 DavU
, street. ¦ - ¦ ' • . A
I WILL teach you all about life Insurance and
now to sell it; write for terms and appoint-
ment. Box 324.1. Call offlce. -
MEN— The ORIGINAL JNO. . A. - MOLER- has
epen-cd one of his famous barber colleges at
644 'Clay st. ;. trade taught in 8 weeks; tuition
earned .while learning;, constant practice; ex-
i pert '¦ instructions: ' positions guaranteed.'. Call
or write (correct number) 644 Clay st.
MEN to learn barber trader only eight" weeks
required; only institution teaching the > ton-
- sorial art. ' Call or ' write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College. 649
" Sacamento ' st.\ .-; ; .
ALL' unemployed clerks,' bookkeepers. : mecban-
_¦ les," skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
. . to register with us free of charge. . HORD &
SMITH. 05 Third St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Men . and women -. to prepare ¦ for
: Government positions.. Apply '¦ for free cata-
' lrgu» giving particulars. Pacific Correspond-
cr.co Institute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
.WANTED— -Laborers . and - mechanics to know
"that . Ed Rolkin. - R«no House • proprietor, has
- r.d<ie>1 c 100 new rooms -; to ¦ the -' Denver - House.
. 21 J Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50e per night.
FIRST-CLAS9 Jewelry ; engraver; 1 good ' salary;
permanent position; state references. Box
- 3494.- Call office..; .
FIRST-CLASS diamond and Jewelry salesman;
good. ; salary; ; permanent position; no boys;
¦ state previous employment. - Box - 3495. Call. {
WANTED — Men to : fill 350 " rooms at '2Oc.perv.
night; clothes closets. 'hair mattress, electric
; light ' In 'every^ room. V 681 = Howard st. ]¦..'.
8 . F. Barber. College, 741 Howard st.. wants all
¦ young : men * to ': know : that - It has the . finest
equipped school west of 3t. Louis; red, rates.
>' GET ¦ your ' shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
, to C0c~ 5ti3i Mission 1 »t.. -bet. 1st and 2d sts..*
,; or jll '.Third -st." Examiner building. ¦ •
'.WANTED— .V -first-claw 'candy helper at
[ TO^'N 31^ 0 ' 8 - ¦•'¦- ""'¦''
I .WANTED— Boy to learn '. machinist ' trade. 256
j ¦¦ Fremont ; st. ¦_•-,...' .;
'FOR sale— Old-established 2-chalr barber shop;
1 . low rent ; good locality. 2403 Folsom st.
1 HSXP WAITTE3— TT ft TTT CoatiaTicC.^
- AT HORD -A" SMITH'S. ¦ '
Contractors' Agents *. . . : 05 Third st.
BUTTE COUNTY. BUTTE COUNTY.
Long Job: fare $2. 7ft: laborers", *2-
AMADOR COUNTY— Fare $2 35.
Teamster. $2.
Milker, |25 and. found, north.
Man for dye house, |15 to ?25.
WANTED— A man to run bowling alley. Ap-
ply at Pearl Lodging-house, Mission and
Ninth sts.. WILLIAM ASHMORE.
W iv ? V rED — An •*P er! e T ieed shoe salesman: or.e
tnat rpeaks the -Portuguese language pre-
ferred. Call Sunday morning between 10 and
-12 o'clock at Simon's Shoe Store, 062 Waan-
ington St.. Oakland.
WANTED— Boy between 15 and 17 years of
age to learn a trade: well paid while learn- .
_¦ ing. Address box 1160. Call offlce. Oakland.
BOY wanted— Good bricht boy. 14 or 15 years
- of age. Apply before 0 a. m. Cordes Furni-
ture Co.,.24u-25» Geary st.
COLLECTOR by established company; salary
$60 per month: $30O cash security and refer-
ence. Box 3881. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER to act as secretary: estab. ct>.;
, salary $75;_ref. ; security. Box SSaO. Call.
BOT wanted. 230 Third st.'
'WILL' teach one young man the barber trade:
paid while learning. 751 Mission st.
¦WJANTED — A porter for offlce. Apply 6C2 Cal-
ifornia st. . •
BOY to attend store and run errands. ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Valencia st. . ' -T
WANTED — Swedish porter, aged about 35. Ap-
ply Monday, between 7 and 6 p. m., 14 Eddy.
BARTENDER wanted. OASSAWAY & WOOD.
101 Stockton st.
FOR sale— Barber shop. 1934 Market st.
500 BARBERS to buy our new brand of razors.
G. A. TROST Barber Supply Co.. 308 Maacn.
TRY our mra> shoes, union made; $1 and (1 50
pair: foot-fcrm shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 1) 3d St.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
FOR sale— Three-chair barber shop. 779 Fol-
som. near Fourth. y-. >
MEN to learn the detective profession. W
Market st.. rocm 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts bt
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mtn..75c. »
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
¦ ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachment*.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy.. r. 415.
PENSION Atty., E.A.Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bldg. 1
Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post, o. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 "Third St.. near Mar*
ket — 7C0 rooms; 33c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sjs.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the. recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p m.
¦ •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half '
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BAUSMEIT WA3TTEIK
'" ' " " " ' e
EXPERIENCED traveler wanted by wholesale
manufacturers of shirts and overalls for
. Southern- California, and Arizona. Address.
stating previous experience and reference.
box 4291. Call office!.
WANTED— Three up-to-date, educated, well.*
dressed salesmen for western and southern
territory; good position for the right party.
Address box 4347. Call office.
i '
TRAVELING salesman for California by
large wholesale house; good pay; permanent
to right man; reference required. Drawer
S. Chicago.
, ONE traveling salesman each State; no' ex-
. peiience necessary: permanent ; good pay;
liberal exsenses. E. M. Arthur Co.. Detroit. •
CITY salesman; must put up $25; call Mon-
day, 0 a. m. MR. NORTON. Mitropolitan)
Hotel. Third st.
BOItlCITOBa WABTTED.
SOLICITORS — First-class - solicitor - can maka
$8 to $S. rer day in city or country; no In-
vestment or scheme: perfectly legitimate.
Room 400. Grant building.
A NO. 1 solicitor for stationery house; salary
and commission. Box 4330. Call office.
HOSagS A1TD WAOO53.
3 HORSES. 2 business buggies. ' 2 sets singl«
buggy harness. PHILBRICK. 31 Lapidge st..
bet. Guerrero and Valencia and Eighteenth
- and' Nineteenth.
FOR sale at Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy St.—
4 stylish driving horses, single and double;
one large stylish surrey horae; very gentle. •
FINS- river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Dlamoad, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. 9.F.
BUSINESS of city contractor for sale; horses,
wagons and tools; reasonable. HORD A
SMITH. 85 Third st. S. F. •¦-...¦ .
SMALL horse, $20; bus;ry. wagon. - cart, bar-
ness, wagon top. blacksmith tools. 2723
Bryant st.
14-FOOT furniture moving wagon, harness,
team; rood stand, transfer corner. 3073
Twenty-flfth st. .
ADDERLEY'S stable sheepswool sponges; f2,-
12 75 $3 50; chamois and dusters. 507 Max-
ket st.. 8. F.
FOR sale— 1-horse express wagon tn good con-
dition; bargain. 1460 Twenty-second ave. Sow
FOR sale — Fine carriage with double harness;
suitable for. livery , or back. > 1011 Sutter st.
ALL kinds - of business wagons, surreys andt
., buggies and carts cheap. 1SO4-8 FoUomit.
FINE rubber- tire Victoria, the latest kind,
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom st.'
ONE handsome chestnut slnglefooter; 16 hands;
1000 pounds; sound and gentle. 1000 Qeary st.
FOR sale — Good business buggy, cheap. P. O.
box 303. Berkeley. - •
WANTED — CEeap saddle horse. Box 8901.
Call offlce. ¦ - ..
PARCEL delivery wagont also business boggy
cheap. 523 Fulton st.
FOR sale, cheap— A business buggy in good
condition. Box 1580. Call otfloe.
NEARLY new buggy for sale cheap. Bcs 1778.
Call offlce. -
! FOR SALE— 2 second-hand laundry wagons at
\ ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
FINE, stylish park buggy; pele and shafts) ft
bargain. 426 Ninth , st. . .
GOINO oat ef businese: new and second-hand
.. wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagon* and harness)
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 8txth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work A driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
' aco-aaaBS^To^iaT^^^^^^^
A — PRINTED liet of bouses to let; send tot cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.; 20 Montgomery
JONES, 1219 near Sacramento— Modern house
of 10 room* and bath; rent $60. VOM
RHEIN Real Estate Co.. 513 California st.
BUSH 1710, near Gough— 10 rooms, bath, eto.; •
garden ; sun - In every - room : new plumbing. •
tinting, painting and electrie fixtures. "Ap-
...ply MADISON & BURKE. . .
AN 8-room house on Presidio Heights j latest
plumbing;, fine view; carpeto and range to
house: rent $75. Inquire of BOVEE, TOT U
CO., 117 Montgomery st.
T-ROOM house furniture for sale; house to let.
Call at once. I860 Geary st. opposite Ha.mil-
' toa Park.' ' - . , '
HOUBB of 7 rooms for sale. 434 Minn* s*.
FURNISHED house for sale; 10 r.l a bargain;
must be sold; investigate. 503 Jon— at..
BROADWAY. 1933. near I^guna — 8 rooms,
bath: marine view; rent $42 5a ?
[•A WEEK'S news for 5 cents-JThe Weekly Call.
-16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per r—r..;
COTTAGES TO I.ET.
SMALL furnished eottage. yard, water. $12;
cottage. $3; Sunset , District. Inquire
¦ : , BIBB Taylor st. 4 .
COTTAGE , 6 sunny rooms and bath."* Dolores
St.. 1 between Nineteenth : and Twentieth.
TO LET— Cottage. 5 rooms, bath; 4 lots; •
PxeU for chicken ranch;, $18. 128 Andorer av. -
For' Additional -Classified Advertise. _
menta See Pace 4t« ¦THEsSAN .FRANCISCO ;_CALL; OCTOBER :23, -1904;
46
gQPS-S _~__t~ITSHEr> — -*6~t SALE.
_-On eale — Finely^ furalrtied house 9 rooms:
rent rwison_blc; pays* well. 2V Lnskie «., oe-
twee-n Els'.i'.b and Ninth, oft Mission.
Full tale — Furniture; house, 7 rooms and bath
for rent; u home v.ith little or no rent.
M3 McAllister *t.
5S00 — 10 ROOMS, furnished: bath; all rented:
near Van Ness and OFarrelL 14 Third St..
upstairs.
12 SUNNT rocms; nicely furn.: pays well;
lcav. city for health; sacrifice. 610 OTarrell.
FURNITURE 0 rooms, basement; large yard;
rent $10; 3 rooms pay over rsnt. 4S Haight.
TURK. HSS — Furnished bouse. 0 rooms and
bath; 3 rooms pays. rent; call Monday.
12-ROOM house; rent $*0. SIC McAllister
ftreet.
HOUSES WA-TTXP. r_
COTTAGE 4 to C rooms and bath; In or near
city; must be reasonable. Box 3719. Call.
r_ryAi.iP chaibs.
SOLD, rented exchanged: manufacturer* of
Emm tncycle chair. -01S Mkt.;tel.Park 776.
LOST AKP rOPSD.
LOST— Brovna water spaniel dog. on Belmont
Marsh; bald rpot behind each ear; answers
name King; reward offered. Inquire LOUIS
LINES, Diamond Salocn. Ocean -View.
LOST— A bitch puppy with grayish yellow
woolly coat and black muzzle; answers to
the name cf 6_n Coy. Anybody returning
same to 711 Pine Bt. will reive $20 reward.
LOST— In Oakland Oct. 2_; chamois bag con-
taining 4 rings, -one diamond stud and clus-
ter of diamonds; liberal reward. 113S Slxty-
fl— st st., Oakland. . ¦_; .-¦¦:'. -
LOST— Brown chamois bag containing diamond
rings, brooches and earrings; finder liberally
rewarded; no questions asked; 1373 Masonic
ave. •¦} ; ¦¦-;;. -
LOST— October 16. In Tlvoll. a gold watch,
chain and charm. Liberal reward on return
SUSS MACNEIIa 36 Glen Park ave., off
Twelfth et., between Mission and Howard.
CItAVENETTE. at Presidio athletic grounds,
Saturday aftem'jon. Finder leave same at
CLABKOUGJI & GOLCHER'S. Market s_
LOST — Op«n face nickel watch on Eighth st.
car, or Eighth and Filbert, Oakland. Return.
to 627 Jone» st.. Oakland: reward. .
LOST— A Billy goat answers to the name
"Pop," or Lydia Pinkham. Return same
to J4 Eddy et. and receive reward.
LOST — Turquois- pin. surrounded with dia-
monds. Finder return to 1005 Chestnut St.
and receive reward.
I MAKE a speclilty of selling " good mining
property. A. D. IlENFRO, Crosley bldg.
FOR sale— Rich copper mine; will bond for
trial. Bex 3754. Call office. . '
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO. have for sale
as follows: -.-_¦- "--• *_¦¦¦
C H. 1*. vertical boiler, complete, fine shape,
. ...'*. .;'.:••.'•".". ,..*..... ?*0
r)0*H" : P." 'automatrc Atlas engine . . . . . . .?;JCO
C5 H. P. return tubular boiler. complete,?.iOy
90 H. P. return tubular boiler; complete, ?loO
20 H. P. return tubular boiler, complete, 51-u
SO H P steam etrglne. complete .. 5l-->
<Sxl2 "Blake" rock crusher - $1;*>
Marehutz & Cantrell hoist, complete... .£««0
7x7 double cylinder hoist engine ...... %M0
14x20 Meyprs cut-off engine .$.>00
S II. P. Weber gasoline engine and centri-
fugal pump, complete *-•«>
10 H. P. gasoline marine engine 5^00
8 H. P. gasoline marine engine $20O
12xlSHxl2xlO compound duplex Worthlng-
ton pumps. Al • : • ?j*j?O
Gang punch. 6 ft. •••»VV»v!159
Square ehears. 6 ft.. Al ...............$200
25 H. P. marine boiler and engine $^C0
AH size pipe- A few hundred ¦ feet 12-ft.
rolls, will handle % stock ....$600
Don't monkey with the buzz saw. We give
you credit (for living), otherwise cash.
T. O T. '
H. S WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
All Over Beale St.. S. F.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
ROCKING HORSES GALLOPING HORSES
FOR SALE) FOR SALE.
Up-to-date Christmas Present.
Manufactured on Premises.
No worthless toy — built for durability, pleas-
ure and comfort of children. .
Prices very reasonable — will be sold to chil-
dren en weekly Installments If desired. Call
and Investigate for yourselves. „_. .
E5. G. LiyP. 675 Harrison st.. near Third.
HALLETT & _>AVIS upright: splendid flrst-
cless instrument; also fine Navajo blanket;
make an offer, one or both. Call at £27
Hai^ht St.; must be sold, owner going to
Europe. ;
BOILERS, engines, Sd-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH Sc WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no palatine or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; ¦ we rent tables
with rrivrttge of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENCEH. C52 Mission st. .
TRY our high chimneys on your oil stove; ln-
' KISCELLAITEOUS WANTS.
AAA — Highest prices for ladies,' gents' castoft
- clothing.: Tel. Davis 825,'; C50 Sacramento j st.
AA— BUY- any amount good 2d-hand . ladies' /&"
"men's clothes. '. 022 Folsom; tel.'Fpisom 3322.,
DIAMONDS and precious y- etor.es - bought ~ r for 1
cash. KARL EUEll & CO.."room 40:>. Ad- !
ams bldg., 206 Kearny, et.; phone Black 3030.
WANTED— Sealskin coat : almost neW; must be
beat of material: -state price; - no. dealers;
bust 3C to 38. ¦¦ t Box 3060, Call.
DECOYS wanted; , collapsible preferred; state
price; must be In good condition. Box 3875. J
Call office. » .. '. ' '¦---"'.'"'¦-"; .-'-.s ¦:.¦;[
1 HALL and etalr carpet.' 20 ; to 30 yards ;; must .,
! be Rood and cheap. Address 1423 , Polk j si. t
WANTED — To buy a lot of second-hand wooden j
decoys. O. BILLETER, 3232 Eighteenth st. !
DWINELLFTS Colonial History of San i Fran-
cisco. KING'S Old Book Store. Cl McAllister.
WANTED— A meat , refrigerator, 9 about (5x7
'feet; must be cheap. Box ' 3867, Call > office.
WANTED — A second-hand double- folding
bed; reasonable. Box 1625, 1008 Market" st.
WANTED— Second hand coin eafe In good con-"
diUon. Box 1466. Call office. V, .
WANTED — A Duncan lathe 1 In good condi-
tion. Box 2S13, Call office. , ¦'.' '.'
A I FEW more orders for burnt ' work. 532 I
Gough st. , - : I
Levy & Redler, highest price for gents' | cast-oft
clothing, shoea; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical poods. 154 9th at.: tel. Jessie 2851.
MOWE^TOJT^OAH^^ U J__
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN. ........
INTEREST B% AND 6 PER CENT....
. CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY .
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided . Interests In property
purchased. \
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY. . . . .
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 6924:
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. ~~ ' ¦ •' ' ,
C01-C02-C03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing . directly. ¦• ,
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. : legacies, life estates and undivided ' in-
terests In property purchased. . '. - ¦
Courteous treatment. gtrtctly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
~~~~~ : WILL LOAN T"
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d J
Mortgage, on real estate or . ! ...
'¦-:*" *. "NON-MEDICAL." .J : >~ : ; ' • -
"RBXRADIO"; -1 prescribes, ' uses ¦, neither
medicines •; nor >• medical ' • v heals
(solely) ¦ by "humanized k Radium", -power;" re- 1
suits < speedy, •; often ." "instant" ; first * treatment
; * benefits,, or "free",' public healing to-day at 2
and'8.p.;.m.,',7sa} a -;M-rket;and 1, Fourth.-,- ;
;' "typ'hoid' fever." - V .- ' i 1 -/
1 "REXRADIO". . quickly iexpels-rTyphold
Fever. . ¦-. H. C' : Knott, - H2 < Fell st:,'- was - last
week prostrated with this deadly/ fever. : His
Bymptoms « were ';¦ alarminc * * " f ever, U' extreme,
af:hlifhesC- temperature 'excessive,' vom-
ited " "blood.'.' .At height of fever "Rexradlo's
first '; treatment - quickly started '- i a . ¦ profuse
sweat, v when ; all ; extreme . symptoms • largely
subsided i right i, away," . pulse and ¦; temperature
became ¦ nearly ; normal. After second, treat-
ment ? (same • day) t further copious . sweating,
followed : speedily,; by perfectly > normal ¦'<. pulse
and •temperature, 'and complete . cessation' of
blood ;: vomiting. ¦ -Patient became cdbl," easy,
restful, ? slept long, % soundly: - Next , morning
felt weak -but -well, '.'and- went out to transact
business all day. > To date no relapse, and pa-
tient .' has ' quickly . recuperated. -• To-day ., he
said :-', "I- am ' feeling r perfectly well.. . I , owe
my. wonderful i\ recovery: . and -. perhaps my,
'life,' to - Rexradio's 'non-medical'' treatment
alone. ';¦¦¦ He used no ¦ medicine ¦ but • Just. ¦ passed
his 'humanized Radium' i power into me, i which
instantly 1 , thrilled my. whole body.^promptly
abatlnc: the severe pains and fever. In a most
Burprislng ' manner, - producing a ¦ refreshing
coolness and"Btren_th 5 all over me. ''<¦% I -am as-
tounded at my; rapid and complete cure, and,
as; a' small token of my practical gratitude , I
ha\'e I insisted on j Rexradio's acceptance of a
block of -stock "in- a gold mine with . which^ I
am connected. -Language Is too poor . to ex-
press my appreciation of his truly I marvelous
power. .While he Is around I shall never
again dread '-. 'Typhoid.' I ' am" willing ' to
'swear'.' to "the, truth. of, 1 the above statement."
"PHYSICIANS TESTIFY." ,
"REXRADIO". last week by one brief treat-
ment publicly restored many totally deaf ears.
some or which were 'witnessed by one of; the
most noted . city "physicians" (name i at of-
fices), who signed the testimony, vouching for
Its correctness.: Another physician , brought a
"deaf mute," *who In 3 seconds began to hear
and speak. A third physician, at hall.^pub-
licly counseled alleged ,"lncurables" by : medi-
cine \ to', try .. Rexradio's power. , When , these
"physicians'* indorse this treatment, ."lay-
men" may do well to ."Investigate". It. • , ..
" •REXRADIO'S', one treatment entirely cured
the paralysis with which my baby was
'born. 1 " - Mrs. Allen, 370 Bartlett. t " .
"REXRADIO" has recehtly made , several
."deaf mutes" hear and speak before numer-
: ous witnesses. One case was witnessed by
Mr. Butler of i the 8. F. Chronicle, who
signed- the record, vouching for Its "correct-
ness.": ' ( ¦: . ' « ' V
" •REXRADIO'S' ; 2 treatments reduced my
; large , cancer one-half."— Name at offices.
"REXRADIO'S" references: Mr. H." K.. ,112
1 Fell, cancer -f nil I nr «l<rht tr.vnr: Mr ' B.. ffii2
'r- "i- 1 -. PERSONAIiS— Continued. -'. ¦,.-.-'¦ \
$) *. week; suits to order $15 up. LEUOS, 11_7
/ Market st.r bet. • Seventh and Eighth. : .
BARGAINS in ' flne I diamonds ; I easy . payment-
,-. P. V. QARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ONE I Dollar weekly ' keeps you In ' flne clothing.
-.Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.; . under St. < Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle." Mrs.?
.- Eaton. 869 Butter. Miss Eaton. 233 G«ary.r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
" : tonic in the world £ at , 1810 Sutterj st.'. ;-.'-.<>•;¦
TAILOR-MADE ' suit . $7 50; : Cress ¦ pants $3 50.
,¦ Mliflt Clothing Parlor, cor." Bush and Dupont.
MAEQUEIUGE . costumes. - play books. ' wlga ;;
country orders. . GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.,
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna . restores gray.
t hair to its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
k ¦:'¦'<.: "PA-tTirEBS WA-TTgP. -Z- V ";"¦ \
$600 ¦ AND -service :• secures interest t and : good
{salary as' manager for "Old Eastern" mer-
. cantile house branch. Address P. O. box 306,
-; Oakland. Cal. . r ¦¦- ¦. ':¦' .'-'¦-' .¦:¦¦ ¦¦¦:<¦¦-¦_:
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun- .
; try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
5 ¦,;. «d. < 805 Larkin | sU room 49: • tel: South 319.
XOOM3 FOB KOUSSSXSPZHO. '
A' FIX)OR of ' 3 . rooms, alcove and bath, fur-
. nished '- for = housekeeping; piano and ¦ sewing
- machine ; eastern exposure ; A ' minutes' I walk
to Kearny st. - For terms. Inquire mornings,
¦ : 1309 Taylor st. or phone Main 8055. .
ALDINE, 404 Turk— Sunny bay-window suite;
• gas - stove, runnlnc • water: ." $20 ' per month; : '
Valso~ other rooms.' ¦ - ;.{»'; '.
ASH ave., . 23— Nice sunny housekeeping . room
¦-to let.- ' : ":.....•- ;¦ '.¦ . - ";.*;•¦. : -
BRYANTI 444^— Two aunny rooms for house-
: keeping? one single for, lady.; 1 '
BUSH, 788 (rear)— 2 large sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping, $18; light house-
keeplng, $14. .
BUSH, 2133 — Sunny rooms: gas range; ran-'
; ;.; nlng /.water; ; grate: adults.
CARL, 136— Pleasant "room for light houss-
- : keeping; grate, 7 bath and phone.
A LARGE room to let for housekeeping. Call
45 . Clementina st. : ;..* '. . ~ ' ¦•'
Clementina; • 435a— suite of three rooms
._:, to'Iet.' -. ¦ • ¦"."¦.•- ¦-,¦.•¦¦,..¦-¦¦-•
EDDY 468— Well furnished back parlor "with
1 grate,, arranged, for light houa_keeplng.
EDDY.-. 502 — 8 housekeeping • rooms.
LOST— Thursday. Laguna and Bush to O*Far-
rell an3 Buchanan, silk waist. 1818 Bush St..
r*ward. .
LOST— Wednesday, black Jacket, purple lining;
reward. 1717 San Antonio ave.. Alameda.
LOST — Gold . pin eet with amethyst: Golden
Gate Park. Reward. 302 Chenery st.
LOST— Tuesday, black cocker spaniel dog.
named Teddy Return 920 O'Farrell; reward.
LOST — A purse containing $10 and $3 trading
FtampR. Ill Thirteenth st.
LOST — Cocker spsniel answering name -of
•Jack": large reward. RICHTER, 13G0 Poet.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
nnd Lean Socletv cf San Francisco In the
name of GEORG GOESCHL. No. 252-960.
The finder will please return to bank. -,-:.,;
LOST — October 16. in Tlvoll. a lady's golfl
watch, chain and charm; $5 reward on re-
turn MISS MACNEIL. 36 Glen Park ave.. off
Twelfth ct., between Mission and Howard.
LOST— Please return white female fox-terrier;
yellow ears, spot en side; boy's pet; reward.
Ill Guerrero et.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made Into new
watch caaes. 220 Sntter Bt. '
IiATraC-CES FOB HH_B.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
Et.: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 53.4.
J. Michaells Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
lng & excursions. 5 Steuart St.; tel. John 26S8.
UATSHiIOSUL. ¦
A WIDOW. 30 years old, a stranger In this
city. Ftylish and fine appearance, would like
to "correspond with a true gentleman, who
would at present lend come assistance; ob- j
Ject matrimony. Box 17C6, Call office. ' 1
A YOUNG business man. age 31. with a fine
business and income, residing In northern
part of California, would like to meet young
lady; object matrimony; no trifiers. Box 15S3,
Call office. •
GENTLEMAN; electric engineer. 27. German,
rood appearance, desires acquaintance of j
wealthy lady to help him start business;
object matrimony. Box 1461, Call office,
Oakland.
HONORABLE gent, desiring wealthy mar- J
riage, can hear cf a rare opportunity by ad- |
dressing J. II. HARRIS, B 122, Garfleld
Tark, Chicago. III.
A REFINED gentleman, with considerable
means, would like to meet a well-educated
Jidy; object matrimony. Box 1988. , Call.
A WIDOW having a flne ranch would like
to correspond with a good, honest gentleman;
object matrimony. Box 1921, Call office.
WIDOW, no children, refined and a good house-
keeper, wi*h«_ to correspond with a gentle-
man; object matrimony. Box 1792, Call.
HONORABLE gent, desiring wealthy marriage
can hear of a rare opportunity by addressing
J.H.Harrts. B 122. Garfleld Park. Chlcago.Ill.
MKPICA-...
LADIES desiring cafe, cure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fee*.
I could publish a small book containing
genuine letters • of heartfelt thanks from
cured patients, but my correspondence lo
never divulged under any circumstances.
Thif Is a fair sample of statements I get
dally: "I am completely satisfied. I shall
be glad to recommend you to my friends al-
ways. The cure was perfect and the fee
very reasonable."
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE:
17 years' experiences in all female disorders;
call or write. DR. ' WHITE. 702 Market St..
rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the o_]y GRADUATE
physician Yi-tk who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential.' Eet. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
SIRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^ Market St., opp. 5th.
r>I_ G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
compls ints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult case* treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
VALPEAITS female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's eyr-
. lnse and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. . OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. - . *- ¦ . • ¦ .
DUNN'S pile ointment gives Instant relief;
most obstinate cases cured in 2 to 4 weeks;
. by mall, postpaid, 50c; liberal Inducements
to agents. Gem Supply Co., P. O. box 2104,
£s.n Frasclsco.
Z1RS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
*" complaints and Irr egvlarttles; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
LADIES suffering ; from Irregularities, sick or
In troobl*, conFult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
st. Relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations
DI_ and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
orig— ial :.ie thqd of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Ku—i round; ' safe. sure, never fails;
$_. Gleason-Kuggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
FRIEND In need; come and see me. ¦ Dr. Emi-
Ile Punke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda,
DR. ROSEN, residence 2935 Folsom Et, corner
2Cth: ladlee. relief or no fee: $10..
K-TTB-SSE8 AMTP ' TXX.JMVTS. , .."
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process) : excellent carpet cleaning. - HOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard s_: phone South 216.
_ M-LIiUTEBY.
PARLOR millinery: bats'made ¦> to order and
returned In latest style.* 9-S Post -St.
A-TD STOOZOBTS."
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^Offlee and residence.
1021*4 Msrket Bt.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
Ur attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. *kln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market .st.-. . - ...
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM herb doctor.
, .treats all . diseases of the human, body: for
part four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo.
cated at €67. Geary et.. near Leavenworth. '
WONG WOO. th* famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured fey Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay «t.
• ' ¦ -.- * ' \. 1
tense heat; tin Jobbing; Inside and outside;
tin and agate ware repaired; all kinds winery
and bar goods In stock. D. S. WEAVER.
SOS Gough st.
A PAIR Jersey cows, thoroughbred, cheap;
bred to imported Ayrshire bull. 2146 Stuart
St., Ashby station. Berkeley. On pasture
between Dwight way and Haste, Ellsworth
and Dana.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
X BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddinc rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
SWELL ready-to-wear hats. $1 50 up; pattern
dress hate below cost on account of depart-
ure. 1422 Laguna St., near O'Farrell.
ELASTIC Etockings, $2. Factory, 107 O'Far-
rell Ft. (Removed from 40 Ellis). J. W.
HOPEWELL.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J.. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on email weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'8. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room, 12. upstairs.
FOR sale — Fine Holsteln cow; rich milk; gen-
tle; $40; also Muscovy ducks. 1 Hello way et..
opp. Ingleside .Coursing Park.
LARGEST runts; best hen pigeons; only good
* Polish lynx. Glenmore Pigeon Lofts, Elm-
burst. ... . . .
FOR sale — Young hunting dogs, pigeons. Bel-
j Elan hares. 1202 Haskell St., cor. San Pablo,
I Berkeley.
1 ——————————————————————————————————————
A BRAND new 40-foot skiff; up to date: var-
nished inside. T. TITTOCK, Park-st. Bridge
Boatbouee, Oakland. -
MARINE gasoline engine, 4 hp.: automobile
engine. 4 cylinders. 6 hp. 820 Howard st.
I FOR sale — A lot of second-hand carpet. Ap-
ply 42_ Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — 200 men to cmoke La Corrects cl-
gais. W. It. ANDERSON. 97 Third at.
I FINE talking polly and canaries for sale at
m'.*u. Minna st.
BOOKS and libraries; Holmes pays the high-
est. 1149 Market St.: phone Jessie 3741.
FINE, large, fresh Durham cow and calf; big
milker; gentle. . 140O Florida St.. cor. . 26th.
12 PAIR pigeons for sale. 226 London street.
FINE leng brown ewltch. a beauty. 2957
Twenty-sixth, cor. Bryant: Monday morning.
COMPETENT set physician's Instruments, In-
cluding operating table. Box.43S7, Call.
WANTED— A good second-hand ' dining-room
table. Box 4250. Call office. % i
STORE to let; good location; fixtures, etc., for
eale cheap. 1571 Market St., . Oakland. ,
YOUNG pups for eale. 424 Minna st.
FOR sale — Maternity ; cape for $8; cost $17.
Address ' box 1441, Call office, Oakland.
GAS stove for sale; cheap. f 851 Third ave.,
Richmond ; District. 1
FOR Bale— Thoroughbred • ¦ Irish •' Setter pups.
1114 Vermont st. . .
TWO weeks at Bergeshelm. Santa Cruz, Includ-
. ing railway fare, . $15." Box ' 3688/ Call office.
GOOD gentle cow, giving 3 gallons milk daily,
for. eale cheap. 4039 Twenty-sixth Bt.
A FINE family cow for sale; cheap. 6812 Mis-
sion st..- Ocean' View. *•
GOOD tone square grand piano;. $50. 1228
Filbert st. . - . . '
A FINE hunting dog for sale. Apply 2020
Lake-at. '
82-FOOT yacht; must be sold; cheap. Box
4261. Call office.
FOR fine watches ' diamonds and jewelry try
Use MILTON JEWELRY CO.,- 257 Sixth St.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., C23 Market st. ,
CASH " register, email National; perfect condi-
tion; used sev. mos.; $50,-409 Examiner bldg.
$4 — SINGER Sewing Machine for sale; In good
working order. * 60S Ellis st. 1
OAK sewing machine. 7 drawers; cheap. .1415
/ Oak St., ,-v " . '. ¦ ". •.-, ;'¦ ;-' •¦ ¦ .- -. •, '
LADY going East cells at a sacrifice 3 tailor-
. made suits; sizes 30 and 88. Box 4324, Call.
FOR sale— Galvanic battery; very little used.
. 66 : Ancellca st.; oft ; Nineteenth. ¦ .-.
Wallpaper. _3Hc; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merlg-.n. 1302 Webster; tel. Steiner 3B71
600.000 FEET. lumber, being wrecked; for sale
cheap. Phcne Capp 3905. ' v
FOR sale — St. Bernard dbg.* 11 months old.
. ANTONE , DAVILLA, Al varado. " Cal. >
FOR sale — : Fresh ; family cow, ; cheap. 822
Munich eV. : •'¦-.'¦"- ¦''-*'¦' '':-.'-. ' "'V
SAFES an<J cash registers. ¦ new . and - second-
hand. I. FREEMAN; 1325 Market st.' ? •
BARGAINS In ' 2d-hsnd cash registers. Includ-
ing Nationals, : guaranteed; terms.; 14 Turk ¦ Bt.
-D-H AND bldff.' material: ' lumber, door,'- sash '
¦ plumb, material. The Pol an Co.. j 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers" samples in grips and
trunks ; . f or < «atle >cheap : at 25 Stockton • st. ; \
AN > ' elegant ; sealskin for ; saje for $73. _-.:> 6E-
¦¦; CURITY LOAN & .TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT ¦ diamond : ring $50; terms i $9 ' Der
month:. P: V. G ARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
ELOT machines, all kinds; -lowest prices 'Call or
•.-- write CAL., MACHINE. CO:. .413 Sacramento.
ROOMS . ' papered,' $4 . up: f- tinting, *- palntlnc.-
Hartmann Paint Co.;; 319 Third; tel. Main 413:
1 DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. ¦ T ' - D *
McCarthy Co.. -, 807; Mission st. ;; tel.- South 811;
.iiOVliia pictures:^ magic lantern*, sale, rental;
-. ; barsra I ii9. Bui lard •' & ¦_ Breck.- 1 . 131 i Post ' st,"- .>;*,
SAFES— New and second-hand. , THE ; HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 ¦ Battery et. .'-..
GASOLINE englnV s. " sutotnobiles ' and launches;
allMlsee.-J. E.VDOAK. 46 ! Fremont" St.- V.
¦',_ ••'•--¦ . ''«t ."_''. t: ,~ ¦ . -.'t .
Chattels, In city, town , , .-! I
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars f
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 490. Call office. .
6ALARY LOANS-—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
• nny one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest- rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER,- 36 Geary,' room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-houses,' ; without
Eecurity; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tolman, C53 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, • at 2
oer cent Interest* " Baldwin Jewelry Store,
000 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch' 19 Third.
YOUNG & CO., room 537 Parrott bldg., loan
money on furniture, pianos, "etc, at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid. off: --
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21" Stockton St..
near Market.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., -at
' 2 per, cent per month. ¦ ¦¦
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities, <
$25 up. without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co., 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL' LOAN OFFICE: 907 Market st.
- LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
PRIVATE-^-Money loaned on " salaries without
¦security;' diamonds • or chattels; no" fee;* no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1' PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed .notes -and other security.. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bld_.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. "-¦ ; .....;. .
' MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1213 Call bids; phone Main 3214.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. . Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry; ,
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
STAR Loan Co. of .Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, .Mutual Sav. Bk. ! bldg.
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
¦ Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^— The Weekly Call.
, " 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
WUSICAIi nrSTEU_fl._I_4 TS. ""' ' :
A FEW BIG BARGAINS IN USED PIANOS.
1 Woodworth, upright ....... .V. ..;....;.. *.$50
Fahr, upright .... ..'....... ...... ?:...... .$75
Sterling, upright v .$100
Hamilton, upright ................. .y . . ,'.$15t>
Blrkel.& Co., upright .$175
Lester; upright ........................ ..\..$2OO
• Symphony, upright ......;.............. .$250
. Splelmann & Co., upright......... ...1300
Byron Mauzy, upright (small):.*.:...... ..$325
Byron Mauzy, upright (large) :.440o
Sohmer & Co., upright .$450
Pipe organ :.:....:..... ..:..$isuo
BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post -St."
A FEW GENUINE UPRIGHT BARGAINS:"
Mussard — Small upright, flne order.:' ;-:
Fischer — Fine order,, very reasonable. - •
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year. '"
v . Chickering — Mahogany case, ¦ perfect order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 * pedals, like new,"
from $95 up: easy payments; all guaranteed.
1 BENJ. , CURTAZ & BON. 16 O'Farrell st.
RARE - violins ¦ for sale: ¦¦ Francesco - Ruggeri,
Dominlcus Montaguaua, r Sebastian ¦ Klots,
Ceasar Glgll. HERMAN MULLER, - violin
: maker, 2 Latham place, , S. > F. *. v \ v : '
WHEN you want to rent a piano,', call tip or
call on ¦ Scott-Curtac - Piano Co., • 660-62-64
Hayes St.: tel. Fell 6761. : ' ; - :
WANTED — Second-hand piano player for cash;
Apollo preferred. Box ,4298, Call of flee.
FINE Martln % Guitar, ' nearly ; new," $15. 1331
Sanchez St., near. Twenty-seventh.;. ; ' «
PIANO for Bale; $150; no reasonable offer re-
fused. Box .1411. Call office. ' :-..,.;.<;
1 ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; private partr
' 301 Eddy at. '-: "¦',}. .',;-:¦ ;-.-^---. ¦;-¦.. ¦
i $90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNQ.^ 216 McAllister st .' ¦¦;-..
A .PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
Bold; $135. 237 Geary Bt..:. , t , , ; j. ',,;-:
BOHMER,' Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan < piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at. V'
. NEW upright ' pla cos sold - on $5 monthly I pay-
ments. * 8CHMlfc & ¦ CO..- 16 McAllister- at.
3-PEDAL Stein way up; Chickering baby grand-.
;;• Shonlnger, little used. KeefCe's. 285 CFarrell. '
¦ O-TICES A-TD STO-tES TO JZJ_T.t:
. . ; OFFICE i SPACE FOR "i RENT. . , '
• -.._•': For ~. real :. estate ' or : brokerage --.i business,
¦most desirable in, San Francisco. . »: Light," dry ¦'
' airy,-: heated. .'Reasonable. ¦, 317 Montgomery
' .st., (Nevada. Block, w .,;.¦;¦ .„•... -.-; •:¦.•?-".'•. *•
A— MARKET, ai'^rbr 3/gbod' lofts to'.let;;
* size 45x137:6; elevator service; lease: SPECK
& CO.; 209? Montgomery .'6_, " . . r ' ¦
ELEGANT offices: new. Italian- American Bank
. .' bldg:. SE. cor. Montgy. ; & \ Eacto; -» light s and
¦i sunny. G.'H. ; UMBS EN X&. CO..; 20 Montgy.
TO LET— Five : unfurnished i' sunny ' rooms foi
:^ business: j S14 ; Sutler st.. *.. ;> - :;¦' ¦.¦•¦¦ i .
LARGE cellar to frent> 1106 Powell st.
OFFICE ! for rent. C.1051: Market rat.- .i"
WANTED-i-A '''tenant for. 3 flne offices' and hall.'i
¦ % ,38x100. ¦•¦' 727- Mission; Bt.;; ; : "¦i^^^rrH
FINE -store. . : with "^basement; lease. 121T
•Stockton; st:,'- near; Broadway, i..,^- ,.-'/.
FOR rent— Section* ofj large loft ;' 1 Ig-h t : and ' airy." -
; ,L. MINK.:10B *Jew<Montromery,»t:.^7t_ floor:
l : }_ : :'¦-'<: \ :: ATPATJ^^^' ~ : /^[\y ¦:::: '_:_':.
INVENTIONS ; patented.-. F. :. P.'% MEDINA^ at^?
,,.:. torney-at-law.»e Hobart bldg.^532,1 farket st.'i
, 2f en, cancer, x&iung Slgni, lever; iar, jl>., do— :
Market, r. 11, paralysis, total - deafness; > K..
Hall, 17 4th, paralysis; Little, 201 Hyde; ,
Stuart, I C92% Capp, : locomotor ataxia; ; Mrs:
Knowles,' 379 Bartlett, "osslfled" lady; Mrs.
Porter, 3490 20th. anchylosis. | deaf mute,
etc. ; See them. > Hundreds more. ¦ ;-,;>- ; - ' '
"REXRADIO'V gives free "public" treat-
ments .with wonderful reimlts "to-day"
(daily), 2 and & p. m., Radium Hall, cor. .
Market and 4th'. Dally office hours, 2 to 7.
Entrances ; 783 % Market and 1 4th. . :
PARISIAN BEAUTY CREAM.
'Positively one of the best preparations to b«
had. for, beautifying, the complexion, remov- .
In e ' all - freckles, sunburn and other s lmper-
. fections: . to: prove, that it is one ¦ of ¦ tho
greatest beautiflers known we will .'send ab-
. ; Bolutely free enough to make a two or three
ounce bottle of cream to every lady sending
her name and address and a 2-cent stamp to
ECLIPSE : MERCANTILE CO., 1437 O'Far-
rell st., San Francisco, Cal.
FOR men only; 'every man who Is weak can
add many years of happiness to his life by
. using Cactus Cure; It , cures all I vital weak-
ness, nervous ¦, debility, atrophy, stricture,
varlcocele. * etc.. by stimulating the blood
supply; It feeds and quickly builds up new
' tissue;, that's Cactus Cure: gives great vigor
to all men; an ..outwardly applied salve
which. rejuvenates and permanently sustains;
one . application proves its merit > write for ,
free trial box or. send 50c for $1 box. Cac-
tus Product Co., 364-SibIey building. Phil- '
adelphla. -Pa. '. - . ¦¦ ¦' -
WANTED— All men with bowed, -hollow or
.crooked legs to send for our free Illustrated
booklet describing the Rhonemous Leg Im-
prover (patented); can not be detected; made
of aluminum; so light you don't know you ¦
have them on: correspondence confidential.
Consolidated Novelty Co.. Springfield, ; Ohio.
A— MME. , GILLINGH AM, .' " :::-.'. V" ¦ r ;.; '
DERMATOLOGIST.
Has . removed ; her parlors to 143 Stockton ' st..
Union-square ; bldg..- over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris," room 16, where she will continue .
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes. ¦
A REFINED young widow takes care of chil-
dren at their homes when parents are ¦ absent ¦
at theater or elsewhere; .reasonable; refer- I
ences given. ' Address MRS. HAOER, 2905 '
Mission > Bt. , Telephone ' Church ' 543. »
THE Etar Hair Remedy restores- gray hair." lm-
1 proves Its growth, etops falling,' cures dandruff '
' and Itching 'ecalp; no stain or stickiness;
' clesnece scalp; at drugKlsts", hairdressers' : ac-
. : ', cept no substitute. Star Remedy co., 1338 Polio
LADIES; attention — Just : '. fitted up steam
- baths . for ladles; for a clean, ' soft,? white
'.skin 'and' beautiful ~ complexion, : nothing is
better; attendants with' years of experience. .
'14 -McAllister st. ' . •-. ¦ v >; - -: ¦• ,¦¦¦:¦
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a eure cure for c
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia. !
r sore throat, etc. ' Sold by ' all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
¦ by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St., 8. F:
A reliable cure for . superfluous ; hair, • B. B. B.'
English/ Caramel; $1 a treatment;^ free dem-
onstration;, keep skin smooth and beautiful;
prevent wrinkles , by. using our ¦ Skin Food ;
!>0e Jar. Elite Dermatology; Institute, 838 Mkt
A; HIGH-CLASS ladles' . tailoring , establish-
. ment will make all kinds of ladles" garments
. and: riding habits made to order. from select
' T, Imported goods on easy payments;, con-'
'fldentlal. Box 3G61, Call office... :" ...
I WILL not be responsible for any, debts con- ¦
1 tractedby my wife, Mrst ¦ Maud - Haln. she
1 ¦ having left my bed and board." j <:"' • : ¦ ?
I . -. v'-EDWARD HAIN. ..';
1 GENTLEMAN, of 40." from Alaska, wishes to
'. *.meet ;wldow lady., city or/ country;- object. :
1 matrimony; no agents or tflflers.*- Box 4316,*
' :¦ Call, of flee. ' : .
' PROF. DELOUTSKY, face 'specialist:, wrln-
1 kles. superfluous hair,' moles .etc., removed
< without , pain. 827 Geary 'at., .opposite St.- '
¦'Francis.!- ._ -* '¦ ¦ . ¦-.• . . ¦¦ . - -¦-. . -iJ. ;¦ . -.
RAO carpets wove to order and' for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
' carpet twir.e '. In hank " or i chain,* at lowest ;
rates: Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth ; st^I Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
: sels, tapestry- and. moquette; chenille curtains
woven ¦ Into . new : rugs. - Fluff ; Rug : Factory.
, 862 Market st.. Oakland: take West 8th car.,
1 ROYALTY !' paid on oong ' poems - and : musical
' .'.; compositions; we arrange and - popularize;
¦ particulars • free. ; Pioneer * Pub. - Co.,' 639
. Baltimore building, Chicago,' 111. ~ v ,,;
' WANTED— The address of ladles wishing scalp'
and facial massage; also manicuring. done at I
:" their 3 own v homes; u very ..: reasonable. ;• Box
; jj 8550.. Call office. . '. ._.,.¦ ....
.WANTED— Bills ; to collect . under 2 '.. years'
. - standing. by competent and reliable man. For
.. Information apply to C. L: SCOTT, 997 Mar-
ket' st.,: room 104." . .. . ' ..¦¦;¦¦; ....
¦; WANTED— -To know where'ClE. Taylor is at
y- present; ' formerly - of : ; China. . .'Address ,- M:
. Taylor, ;2i Selina place. : v ,-;•":•¦ s^' , : .'., ? ., ' "'„¦'
', TO UNG J German ','. (2C) i£ desires 1 'J acquaintance !
':..- with refined young American lady who, can <
teach : him . English. ( Box ( 4335.; Call ; of flee. :/«
¦"WE.caneell songs, etories or poem manuscript; ¦'
. : we revise and arrange, ,'- Author's Manuscript
.; "i Association, ; Dexter , v building, -¦. Chicago.^; • ¦¦.?-,
¦'. MASQUERADE suits • .', to V rent t or < sell t cheap.
. --.-. Evenings.'- 2414 .- Sacramento ; St.", ¦ bet.- Webster
¦ %'and.rFlllmore. •'•-":'-'•.;,';¦ — , . ;•-,• -•.- k- ;
J FANCY, and : silk •¦ dresses ~ carefully washed. :
• « JAPANESE? FAVORITE ? LAUNDRY, ;estab.
I 1899. ',2122' FUImorest;^ phone; Geary
. BEST on*" earth— Barrad»s liver.- kidney, 'ague.
¦ rheumatism and ¦ stomach • troubles cured; < $lr
BARRADAS MEDICAL : CO.,; 330 Grant aw.l
•' A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAXR;: I'-'- .
On the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
; DR. i Q A S.v MOORE. 882 OTarrell st. v ,' V
j AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoau '
: -and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London I
:¦- ¦ : .';:.T-llor.v72ir.Market;st.' -.,;.•-:-"¦' : - , :.^ ;•;.-: v- v.' ; ¦
. YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
; ' :;¦ down and $ 1 BO per > week. Vi T. , BRILLIANT
'I ' FURNITURE ¦ CO..' 340 Post st.V; near Powell. ,
'¦;, MRS. DR. GWYER,' Gil A* Leavenworth st.f be-
. .',-'.-_ tween Geary and O'Farrelir--. Tel:; East 697.^
' SCALP imaseage— Il> guaranteed to' ""restore": hair :
. on bald heads.' Madame La Blanche,* 928 Post. '
J HAIR'and'scalp. treatment. 'i;1221|Fulton! at.^;;
I 1 PERMANENT^ cure "i for/ ecaemai 4 ; 1221! Fulton
• -•'street: V'"^-"'"''^'^' '"'" i* : " ''/-,¦' ¦~*-'.'**/ J ,X ".'¦¦'¦-.¦ "f
CYCLE skating rink. Central; Park, 5 opp.iClty'
->- Hall; f Market ,st.; ladles free. : ; ," . .-., ¦¦..;..'»
l SUITS to order on Installments of llper week.'
! - ¦-.-' NEUHAUS CO.?.the .tailors.- 729 : Market st.&
j ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
- 'A- vests.! for . $14 75.: Fred t,Wsgner.t850| Market. |
1 EASY" inetallrnenti for. Men and Youths.. Suits
I ¦ to 5 Order. : Co-operative ¦Tailoring. , 111T{ Mkt-ia
EDDY. 603 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
EDDY. 611— Furnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDY 804 — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms with
. bath! " - : .*""'- " " "'
EDDY. 1407— Housekeeping rooms.
ELEVENTH ave. South, 1535— 3 large, sunny,
furnished j rooms; j complete ;' rent , $10 ( month.
ELLIS. '825 — Suites of rooms for housekeeping.
ELLIS 611 — Newly furnished, sunny, rooms,
complete; gas range; $3 50 to $5 week; bath.
ELLI8, 70S — Housekeeping rooms." '.
ELLIS. 1174— Large, sunny front bay-window
~: rooms, first floor; -separate entrance; com-
plete: $15... :. ; • - ' •" ; ¦' - :
ELLIS, 1719— Housekeeping rooms.
ELLISDELL, 217 Post— Elegant suite for light
v housekeeping; also single .room; reasonable.
FELL. 1 645— r Housekeeping . rooms . to let. .
'FELL. 037 — Elegantly furnished housekeeping
'rooms; _as stove.; ' ¦ : - -
FIRST, 230. near' Howard— Four rooms, for
: ~ housekeeping; central location. - ' -
FOLSOM,'. 850— Housekeeping rooms. -
FOURTEENTH. 706—3 sunny furnished hkpg.
,rmj.; um of kitchen: desirable; rent. reas.
FOURTH: 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
:; sinsle' room. ;'.,'.- . - . - \
FRANKLIN; I 615— Sunny j room, ' neatly . Xur-
¦ ¦ nished ; housekeeping ; gas stove. ; " ' • '¦
GEARY,". : 683-^ Housekeeping rooms. *. ¦¦"''. ¦'-' *
GEARY, 1959— Two furnished rooms for house-
keeping. ' .:-¦.;.- .' .
GOLDEN GATE ave., . 433— Furnished rooms
for housekeeping. ¦ -
GOLDEN GATE) ave., 426 — Housekeeping
• rooms.-- 4 -«•-;*; •¦ ¦-¦ : . ¦¦-' — ..-.- %
GOLDEN GATE ave., 430 — Room for light
¦¦•:. housekeeping. . ...,¦•. .¦¦¦- .
GOLDEN.,. GATE ave.. > 622— Housekeeping
y. rooms, furnished , or, unfurnished ; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 631—2 . nicely furnished
I sunny rooms, complete for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN ¦ GATE avt., ¦ 783 — Housekeeping
. rooms: bath and phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1204— A eunny parlor
,-. Buite, suitable for. housekeeping; also single
.rooms; bath and phone... , - .v • .
GREEN. 1812— Nice room; . one or two ladles
: or couple; housekeeping privileges. ¦»
GREENWICH, 811— Furnished rooms. .
GROVE. 32-_L> connecting unfurnished rooms
., " and single. - - . .- •.¦;¦.' . . • • - ¦ .- ,
GROVE, 109— Two nice newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping; use of bath and phone.-.
GROVE, 585-^-2 housekeeping rooms. |
GROVE, t 640— Two . housekeeping rooms.
HAWTHORN,> 8, oft 'Howard, ; near 'Third— 2
large sunny housekeeping rooms, with run-
nlr_ water and eas; only $3 50 a week. .
HAYES,'- 650— Two housekeeping rooms. ,,
HOPETON terrace, ' 7— Housekeeping room - to
;-. let.', ' : - r - ...'¦" '.. '-';:" . . '
HOWARD. 640— Two housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD,. 719%— 2 1 large housekeeping rooms;
adulti •¦ only ; ¦ respectable; ' no , transient.
HOWARD, " ". 822 — Two suites • housekeeping
; ;' rooms; gas and coal: stoves.'.' • -.
HOWARD." 908— Two ¦ rooms, nfcely furnished
' * for 1 housekeeping, r \. / '¦.:¦. .
HOWARD, 1208-7Housekeeplng;room to 'let.
HOWARD," 1027— Housekeeping rooms to let.
HYDE and Washington ,' (apply 1605 Washing-
ton— 2 ; newly,, burnished housekeeping rms.-
¦'»:¦' every, convenience; flne view; tel. Hyde 2506.
JESSIE. 323— Sunny, /back room: '- furnished
hskeeplng; -gas range, sink, closet; $2.75wk.
JESSIE. 610-^-Two J housekeeping rooms. ' „ - .
JOICE, 12, off Pine," near Powell— Two connect-
rooms to let; light: airy and
:, sunny; i grate, mantel with mirror, .bay win-
¦ > dow, ~ modem * house, quiet, family- no .other
>,:. boarders ;< central location. ' r-'j .- '
KEARNY,' 324— Housekeeping rooms to let, r
KENILWORTH, -> cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
; r room sunny apartments ; steam heat; cen: loc.
KNICKERBOCKER ¦ 1340 ; Pine—
!US Sunny S furnished 3- room , suites ; 'steam heat-'
¦ ed.. electric lighted ;¦ free : : baths.— rates - reas.
LAGUNA,\* lSCfT.'H cor. > Geary-— Elegant' 8-room
- sunny ; suite n modern; ? private i family; f reas. .
LARKIN, t719^-Furnished housekeeping rooms;
..',; reasonable:- . ¦ ¦;':, -¦;.'.. -. ". ' ¦ . ;. " - . ¦ ,
LASKIE, 1 27,i bet. > ElrhthTand* Ninth." off MIs-
\£ slon-77-Housekeeping j, rooms ; s reasonable." ! -.; - - f
LIBERTY,"? 604 ; ! take' Castro ; car— Modern sun-'
¦;>',ny, ; 4-room; parlor. floor; '. ret. ; r adults; $18. - :
MARKET, " 1517%-n-Housekeeplng • rooms.' ". > •
MASON,'.: 825—2 nice ; r furnished * housekeeping
¦' v ;:'/;;i >-.'.. :-,' J _ ) '..\-' ; ",f".
' MINNAri." 633— Furnished ¦:'; rooms " for: bouse-
j|£ keeping. jgjggigggllVEHSwSHfcR
MINNA7iiMO^-Fur_lshed i rooms .complete for
¦?~ housekeeping.^;. "?., :,:... , ; . :', .,"...:; . ;¦¦ ,- .
MISSION. \ 56i;Vnr.v 2d— Bedroom ¦ and kitchen-
"r: complete jj for/ housekeeping: pi-: ggd E '
MISSION.-- 953^-Housekeeplng, roonis/^ ,.
MISSION, v-" 1020-^-Hou'sekeeping rooms, -. nicely
t'^furnlshed. 4 ;;,--/-,,;.^,' ....¦:¦..''"'.•',.•." . : :; ;..:¦*.;', . •;
MISSION."*"' 1639B4-Furnlshed t or ; housekeeping
rooms^cheap^f or jii one jmontB.' ]¦:¦ .^- ¦ ¦ ; .
:¦¦ BOOMS POB HOTJSE-aBXgTTOr-Ctm.^
NOE 254 — Front room/ large, sunny, for light
. housekeeping : % . block v from . Market st- ;
rent reasonable. - - .
NOE.*: 481— Three handsome- • connecting rooms;
;:' gas range; $20; after Sunday.
NOE//4S3.' corner Eighteenth— Handsome par-
lors and 'j kitchen; modern; $20. ¦ ''-¦'¦'-.
OAK. . 117— Complete for housekeeping. $5 to
" $12 : * gas ' range ; hot ' bath; 'adults.
OAK. 399— Sunny : furnished ; rooms for house-
keeping. .-.'.! .. ; . • .
OAK. 1193. near, panhandle— Large sunny fur-
¦ r.tshed front room ;kltchen complete ;gaa stove.
OCTAVIA, 1411— Three sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $15, Including
gas. - • ¦. , ' '• - . .
O'FARRELL. . 089— Two basement rooms;
cheap; phone, gas, bath, .
O'FARRELL. - 1127— Front and back parlor
¦ and .kitchen : for housek,eeplng; private.
O'FARRELL, 11S2 — 3, furnished rooms for
housekeeping-
PAGE, 11« — Nicely furnished housekeeping
¦ rooms; running water; : bath. -
PAGE. 278 — Housekeeping rooms: use o*
kitchen; every accommodation. Call 10 to X
PAGE. 653— Sunny suite for housekeeping.
PINE, 2140 — One , sunny furnished room; gas
and bath: housekeeping permitted; . $10.
POLK, 610 — Two sunny front rooms, fur-
nished; gas range; private family.
POST 9C5— Cozy front room and Tegulsr
kitchen; range.. sink, etc.; $15.
POST 951 — Large sunny . room to let; newly
• furnished; rent $15; light housekeeping.
POST. 062— Nicely furnished suites; $15 to $20;
gas, closets, running water; convenient.
POST, 979— Newly furnished housekeeping snlt;
gas range;. rent reasonable.
POST. 1215— Sunny furnished room: light
. housekeeping.' , .
POWELL, 415— Sunny ¦ furnished housekeeping
I Buite; also single . rooms. ¦ ¦¦ .
RITCH. 807 — Three rooms furnished for hous*-
¦ keeping. $12.. ,-'¦¦¦¦' .
SACRAMENTO. 161*— Parlor floor. 6 elegantly
furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT, 800— Northeast corner; 2, 3 or 4 rooms,
newly furnlbhed; bath; extra sunny.; ' ._
SECOND, 149— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping. . '
SEVENTH. 219— Sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms.
SHOTWELL, 625— Two sunny housekeeping
rooms; fine gas. range; Mission warm belt.
BHOTWELL, • 822 — Two sunny front rooms
furnished complete for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 84 — Housekeeping rooms.
SOUTH PARK, 126 — To let. 4 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; no children.
STEINER. 1490— Light housekeeping rooms.
STOCKTON, 1715—2 housekeeping rooms.
STOCKTON, 1914. near Lombard — Housekeep-
ing rooms, with gas stove.
SUTTER. 891 — 2 large sunny front rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; hot baths; $23. ;
SUTTER 891, near LeavenworUi — 2 front con-
necting' rooms complete for housekeeping;
hot baths.
SUTTER, 9S7 — Sunny basement of 8 nicely fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SUTTER. 1105— Furn. front bay-window rooms;
2 closets, running water; convenient light hkg.
SUTTER. 1928—3 large sunny rooms and bath;
: entire upper floor; clean; reasonable. .
TAYLOR, 240-^-Honsekeeplng room to let.
TAYLOR. 244— Housekeeping rooms to let.
TAYLOR. 508, between Pine and Bush — House-
- keeping irooms. ...
TAYLOR. 911 — Furnished suite, gas range. $12;
3 attlo .rooms, - gas -range, $16; single, $6.
THIRD, 440 — Housekeeping rooms to . let. > )
THIRTIETH. '465 — 2 large rooms for houss-
keeplng. ¦ — ¦¦ - -^
TURK. 282 — 2" nice housekeeping rooms; yard;
cheap. Call after 10 o'clock.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 317C. near Howard—
Houseke'eplng rooms to let.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3305—2 small sunny un-
furnished rooms; gas; yard; $5 monthly. -,
TWENTY-SECOND, 3447 — 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms; all complete.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 8367 — $5: K sunny front
housekeeping room; near Mission cars.
UTAH, 658, near Eighteenth at. and Potrero
ave. — Large basement, furnished; newly
painted: gas, sink, toilet, hot and cold water.
VAN NESS ave., 818— Furnished rooms for
..housekeeping. . .*:-.. .¦ . ..-•
VAN: NESS ave,, 419 — Large sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable. \ -:¦ . , .
VICKSBURG, 8, near I Twenty-second — Two
furnished rooms, one front bay-window room
and regular kitchen; rent $12.
WASHINGTON. .704.- cor.- Kearny— Large sun-
ny, housekeeping rooms; gas ranges; bath;
other rooms. « - -
WASHINGTON, 1419 — Two sunny furnished
'.rooms, with piano; light housekeeping; $16.
LARGE room, completely furnished for house-
keeping: folding -bed. bath; three blocks
from City Hall. Box S917. Call office. - .
AgABT-PBirr HOTTS-ta. .
BT.i LOUIS. 1575 Jackson— Marine Tlew; 8-4-1
rooms; furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET— rnm. and Xtntxan.
A— ¦ - THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL. -
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITES WITH BATH: $1 50 TO $2 50 PER
'DAY: SINGLE ROOMS, 75c TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT." TELEPHONE
, SOUTH 1041. . • . r r. -i ; - , .
ASHWORTH HOTEU .
, 820 Mason St.. 'bet. Geary and CFarrtH.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire house
newly: renovated: sun In rooms all day.' -
A 1 SPLENDID 1 place for gentlemen and fam-
ilies where , they t may enjoy ; the luxuries of
. modern apartments at very moderate prices.
The Newton; NE. cor. Market and Larkin.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, Jl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. - V
AT ! "The Almonte,",' 873 Market st. (or No.' 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 23c, 50c, $1," $1 50 night;
I $1 60 to $10 week: bouse open all night.
ALICE, 4— Sunny: rooms." ,
ASH ave., 23— Sunny room to let.
ASH ave., 164— Rooms to rent.
ASH ,Rve.,;6C5-^-Sunny~ roomto rent. > ¦
AURORA, 608 Folsom. ' cor. 2d— Nicely ' furn.
,; sunny rms;. run. water,' elec. lights; $1 50 up.
AUSTIN,": 84-^-Front ' ; room.
: BELMOND House, over Owl drug. store; 2 en-
> trances, 1126 Market and 21 ITurk— Electrto
. '¦ lights; . running water . In ; every . room: . 200
rooms: 25c f to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
BAKER. 510— Room .to let.
BAKER, 1411— Furnished room toMetJ
BARTLETT. : , 218— Room to-let. s
BARTLETT. 228— A\ furnished room.
BARTLETT. 306— -Two furnished rooms.
BERNARD. 127— Room. to i let. -¦'. . .
... ¦¦ . . ¦ - -¦-¦¦¦ ..... |
'Al P-OOM, 1 to. let. ; Apply. 163- Berry st. ,-.J
BIRCH " ave."; » 523— Furnished rooms • to • let. ;'
BROADWAY, r .74*-f-Room to let.
BROADWAY.- 1416-^-Furnlshed rooms., .
KOOMS TO '. UTT— mro. suxfl Uttftun.
BRODERICK. 429 — Rooms to let. .
BRODERICK. 511 — Unfurnished sunny room.
BRODERICK. 1611— Room to rent.
BRYANT. 322— A room to let.
BRYANT. 519— Furnished room.
BRYANT. 52S&— Single room. -
BRYANT. 536 — Furnished room.
BRYANT, 541— Furnished rooms. ,
1 - _____ _ vBfidHdBSHsBj
BRYANT. 559 1-3^ — Furnished rooms to let.
BRYANT. 564)4 — Furnished room to let.
BRYANT, 645— Furnished rooms.
BRYANT. S41 — Sunny furnished room.
BRYANT. 853A— Furnished room.
BRYANT. 900— Nice sunny room to let.
BRYANT. 1036— Furnished rooms.
BUCHANAN. 820— Nlcs sunny, back roomt
private.
BUCHANAN. 1005— Unfurnished room to 1st.
BUCHANAN. 1207— Sunny front bay-wtndo-r
room.
BUCHANAN. 12ia— Furnished room. •
BUCHANAN." 1328— Neatly famished room.
BUCHANAN. 1401— A sunny front room to
rent. - ¦ - ¦ ¦ -
BUCHANAN. 1416— Sunny room to let.
BUSH, 607 — Furnished room to 1st.
BUSH, 603, cor. Stockton — One sunny room to
let. -
BUSH. C65— Sunny front room.
BUSH. 763 — Furnished room. -
BUSH. T63 — Room to let. "' /• . •
BUSH. 790— Three, unfurnished — mc_sl -'--
BUSH. 919 — Furnished room.
BUSH. 927 — Sunny room for ircntl«m«— .
TO let — Large* front room. Apply 1584 Bush st,
BUSH, 1940— Two furnished rooms, from $18
to $3; suitable for gentleman or lady.
BUSH. 2510 — Nice, sunny room to rent.
BUSH. 3000 — Light sunny furnished front
- room. „ • -
CALIFORNIA. 1264— Nice sunny front room;
. running water; $3.
CALIFORNIA. 1424 — Large sunny rooms, well
furnished, hot and cold water, gas. phone.
bath; suitable for 2 gentlemen or for gentle-
man and lady; other rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 1600. In rear — 2 furalshed
rooms for rent; suitable for two,
CALIFORNIA. 2209 — Sunny furnished room
for rent. <
CALIFORNIA. 2423— Sunny furnished rooms
to let.
CAPP. 908 — Nice furnished room to rent.
CARMELJTA. 2H— Rooms to let.
CASTRO, 421 — Furnished front room. ¦
CASTRO, B19 — Room to let. 11 .1
CASTRO. 1042 H— Furnished rooms.
CASTRO. 1711 — Room to rent: $2 per month.
CAPP, Til — Unfurnished rooms to let.
CAPP. > 817— Furnished room to let.
CEDAR ave.. 113 — Sunny room to rent.
CEDAR ave., 129 — A nicely furnished room.
CENTRAL ' ave., 536. near Park Panhandle—
Furnished room for gentleman. . .; «.
CENTRAL ave.. 811 — Famished room.
CENTRAL are.. 813^ — Furnished room.
CHESTNUT. 268 — Larg* sunny room; ran ninf
¦water.
CHESTNUT. 429 — A furnished room. to 1st.
CHINA AVE.. 151*4— Room to let.
CHURCH ave., 19)4 — Room to 1st.
CHURCH. 859— Unfurnished rooms to rent. '
"™ / zzm . . . *
CLARA, 74 — Three rooms to ltt.
CLARA. 119 — Nicely furnished rooms to ltt.
CLAY, 249 — Unfurnished room to 1st.
CLARA. 838 — Furnished rooms to 1st.
CLARENCE! . COURT. 4 — Furnlihed room to*
- let. - - . ¦ - '¦
CLAY, " fill — Rooms to let.
CLAY, 611 — Two furnished rooms. • *
CLAY. lOOg-^-Room, to let. \ '
CLAY, * 1006 — Furnished ' rooms. ' '"
CLAY, 1028— Furnished rooms.
CLAY. 1104 A — A sunny furnished room.
CLAY. 1109 — Nicely furnished room to let;
private.
JT JW *^— f — — « — — — — < - SH_BBBHB_l_M_MilM_i
CLAY." 1433 — Large front "room to let..
•—»—_¦—» . •
CLAY, 1625— Rear room.
CLAYTON. 1435 — Sunny front room.
CLEMENT. 23©— Furnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 34 — A nice sunny front room
to let. "
CLEMENTINA. 51— A furnished room.
CLEMENTINA. 52 — Rooms to" let. . '
CLEMENTINA. 56— A room to rent.
CLEMENTINA." 64— Furnished room to rent.
CLEMENTINA.'' 66 — Room to let. r >:'
CLEMENTINA. 74— Furnished ¦ room to let.
CLEMENTINA. 172— Furnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 320— Room to -rent unfus-
nlihed. " £&S_BflMBMnMl
CLEMENTINA. 324— - A furnished room to let.
CLEMENTINA. 424%— Large sunny room to
CLEMENTINA, i28. between Fifth and Sixth—
• Sunny furnished front room; $1 50. per week.
CLEMENTINA. 447; near Sixth—Large, light
parlor In modern fiat: hot and cold water;
•-.same floor, top flat, suitable for two gen-
» tlemen; friendly: people; rent, reasonable; no
children.
DEVISADKRO. lS6-~K.rmahed rooms.
DEVlSADERb. 312— Nice sunny room to rent.
DKVISADERO. 1301A— sunny furnished room.
CEVISADERO. WOIB-Nlcely furnished room*.THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- SUNDAY, OCTOBER 23, * 1904.
47
BOOMS TO -VET— gant. and Unfnrn.
MARY. 84%— Furnished . room to let. .'
MASON, 213%— Large, sunny, front room, $4
per week; others.
MASON, 503— Furnished rooms to let
MASON, 825 — Elegant, sunny, modern suite;
$27 50.
MASON. 1821 — Sunny furnished room.
MCALLISTER, 30 — Bay-window room, well
furnished, gas; also very large sunny alcove
room; 1 double and 2 single beds.
MCALLISTER. 30 — Large sunny room contain -
¦ Ing 1 double and 2 single beds.
MCALLISTER, 405 — Furnished room to let
MCALLISTER. 436 — Furnished rooms.
MCALLISTER. 592— Room to let. .".-' ~:.- : V ¦
MCALLISTER. 695— Furnished rooms to let.
MCALLISTER, 697— Newly furnished sunny
rooms. ' ¦ . .'-•.•*,,
MCALLISTER, . 60S — A beautiful furnished
room.
MCALLISTER, 629— Furnished room.
MCALLISTER, 030— Furnished room to let
MCALLISTER. 1537 — Sunny furnished room.
MCALLISTER. 1631— Nicely furnished front
bay-window rcom for two; bath and gas; rent
very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 2(M0 — Furnished room to let.
MINNA. 140— Furnished rooms.
FURNISHED rooms to let. Apply 155 Minna
street.
MINNA. 217— Sunny room.
MINNA. 313 — FurniBhed room.
MINNA. 342— A front room to let.
MINNA. 514— Furnished rooms.
GRAND CENTRAL, cor. Mission and Third —
Rooms to let.
MISSION. 531— Furnished room to let
MISSION. 650— Rooms to let.
MISSION. S36 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1047— Nicely furnished rooms to
let.
MISSION, 1815 — Sunny turnished front room.
MINNA. 206 — Room to let.
MINNA. 416 — Furnished rooms.
MINNA. 559A — Furnished rooms; adults.
MINNA. 659A. — Furnished rooms for rent
MINNA, 559A — Furnished' room In private fam-
Hy-
MINNA, 636— Nire furnished room for rent
MISSION. 561 — Furnished room to let.
MISSION. 632 — Furnished roomsj"
I ' ¦ •
MINNA. 309— Room to let.
MINNA. 636— Room to. let.
MINNA, 639 — Furnished rooms to let.
: ; — mum ¦
MINNA. «49— 1 nice furnished room for rent
MINNA, 743 — Furnished rooms to let.
MINNA. T44 — Nice furnished rooms to let.
! MINNA. 023 — Nice, sunny, furnished rooms to
let.
MISSION, 819— Furnished rooms.
i _ ; 1 -—- — - — _________________
MISSION. 823 — Eunny rooms to let.
MISSION. 823 — Rooms to rent.
MISSION. 823— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 854 — Rooms to let. furnished.
MISSION. 843 — Single furnished room to let.
MISSION. 856— Front room to let.
MISSION. 945— Furnished room. bath. gas. ¦
SOBER, self -depending young woman wanted
to share ' housekeeoln.; rooms with young
woman. Call 953 Mission st., from 2 to 3.
this week.
MISSION. 067— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 967— Furnished rooms.
MISSION, 969 — Rooms to let.
MISSION, 1020— Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished.
MISSION. 1030— Stngle furnished room, $10 per
month.
MISSION. 1045— Furnished rooms.
MISSION, 1032— Neatly furnished room.
MISSION. 1061 — Nice runny room to let.
MISSION. 1208 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1314^ — Nlcejy furnished room to rent.
MISSION. 1824 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1324 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION: 1422— Front room to let
MISSION, 1432— Nice furnished room.
MISSION, 1644 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1012— Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1917— Rooms to let/,
MISSION, 1017— Pleasant rooms-;' sunny front
MISSION, 1920— Sunny room to let.
MISSION, 2114— Furnished room.
MISSION. - 2247— Rooms to let. ¦ -
MISSION, 2768 — Furnished room to let; prl-
• vate . family. ¦ _ .¦
MISSION. 2822— Neat front room.
MISSION. 3010— One large sunny furnished
¦ room. . ' .
MISSION, 3012— Furnished room, bath. gas.
MONTGOMERY, 100— Furnished rooms.
MONTGOMERY. 127 — Room to let
MONTGOMERY. 234— Four , furnished rooms,
single or?en suite; convenient to* business;
reasonable; third floor.
MONTGOMERY/ 10-1— Furnished room to let
MONTGdMERY,' 1317— Furnished ; room to let.
MOSS, 81 — On* room to .'rent
NATOMA, 218-rRooms to let- : /
NATOMA, . 254 : -Nlce ,: sunny room. -
NATOMA. 266 — Furnished rooms to. let.
¦ ROOMS TO IiET— ru— a. aad TjnfuiTt.
NATOMA, 447 — Nice sunny room to let
NATOMA. 458— A nice furnished front room.
NATOMA, 521, nr. Sixth — Furnished room to
let
NATOMA. 636 — Sunny room to l«t <
NINETEENTH. 3623— Furnished rooms.
NINETEENTH, 3641— Furnished room.
NINTH st. 412 — To let, large front room.
NINTH ave.. 815— Rooms to let.
NOE, 254^ — Large front room for light house-
keeping; sunny; % block from Market st;
low rent ' \
NOE. 677 — Furnished single pleasant front
room; reasonable.- . .
OAK GROVE ave., 9%— Newly furnished room
in private family.
TO let — A nice sunny room. Apply 19 Oak
Grove ave.
OAK. 42. near Van Ness ave. and Market st —
Furnished sunny front parlor to let; rent
reasonable; German family.
OAK. 142— Rooms to let.
OAK. 224^ — Front room to let
OAK. 317— Sunny room to let
OAK, 551 — One furnished room. V\ 'J.-.V
OAK. 237 — Furnished room to let with private
_ family^
OAK. 613 — Furnished room to let -
OAK. 6.T3 — Furnished room to let
OAK. 551 — Furnished rooms.
OCTAVIA. 26 — Furnished rooms to let
OCTAVIA. 412— 3 unfurnished rooms to let:
key at 410. : _•;
O'FARRELL. 770— Furnished rooms to let;
good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL, *41 — Nicely furnished rooma for
rent. j
OCTAVIA. 1435— Sunny furnished rooms.
OCTAVIA. 2215, near Jackson— Sunny room;
fine location: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 656 — Sunny front parlor and side
room: business center: quiet block. |
O'FARRELL, 571 — Newly furnished rooms:
first-class beds; price reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 627— A handsome parlor, fur-
nished*.
O'FARRELL. 914— S-room apartment unfur-
nished. . -
O'FARRELL. 914 — Sunny three-room apart-
ments; " unfurnished. ;,v •
O'FATtRELL, 1027— Sunny furnished room.
O'FARRELL. 1435 — One sunny front room.
_____ — __— — — —~ -- — —____—__-_—-————-__. |
O'FARRELL. 1639 — Rooms to let i
, iii I
O'FARRELL. 1723— Furnished room to let.
O'FARRELL. 1770. Room for rent
OSBORN. 7% — A good sunny room. |
P St.. south. 1126 — 1 nice room.
PACIFIC. 1420— Room to let.
PAGE, 36 — Furnished room to let
PAGE. 551 — A nicely furnished room to let. "
PAGE. 55.1 — Sunny furnished room for gen-
tlemen.
PAGE. 1776— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms.
PERRY. 37% — Pleasant room and board for a
lady. ¦
PERRY. 153—3 unfurnished rooms.
PERRY, 154— Room for couple. ,
PERRY, 223 — Rooms to let.
1 -———__—_—— ————___»
PERRY. 223— Rooms to let. . * -
PERRY. 223— Rooms to let [
PERRY. 243— Back room to let. I
PERRY. 244 — Rooms to let.
PIERCE. 419 — Furnished rooms to let.
PIERCE. 419 — Furfnbhed room to let.
PINE. 663 — Two sunny rooms to let
PINE. 704 — Furnished rooms.
PINE, 732%— Nice sunny room.
PINE. 1006 — Furnished room.
PINE. 1735— Furni-hed rooms to let
PINE. 173? — Klezant mahocany and red vel-
vet room, with all conveniences, $15.
PINE. 1735— Clo*e In: elegantly furnished \
sunny room; all conveniences; moderate.
POLK. 336, cor. McAllister. 1 block from City
Ball — Large room for two men; $12.
PIXK. 2103 — Large, sunny furnished room.
PINE. 2786 — Sunny bay-window, 7 rooms and
bath: house completely furnished; yard:
basement; reasonable.
POLK. 141 — Furnished rooms; by the week or
month; rentlemen.
POLK. 610 — Nicely furnished room for gentle-
man; private family.
POLK. 1018 — A nice sunny room to rent
POLK. 1030— Nice front room; gas and bath.
POLK, * 18C0 — Newly furnished, sunny front
bedroom with bath: reasonable.
POLK, 1820 — Newly furnished,, sunny, front
bedroom.
POLK. 2004 — Sunny furnished room to let
POST. 217. near Grant ave.— Elegant front
suite: also single room:" reasonable.
POST. 667 — Double rcom with board for two.
POST. 007 — Nicely furnished rooms; all con-
veniences. — ".
POST, 701, cor. Jones (Warren Aptmts)— Ele-
gantly furnished front suite, steam heat, gas
and electric lights, bell servtcs. bath, phone,
running water, elevator: decidedly up-to-date
and for gentlemen only. ¦ ¦ - .
POST, 815% — Furnished room to let.
POTRERO ave.. 1110. near Twenty-fourth— A
nice furnished sunny front room to let.
POTRERO ave.. 1130— Fine furnished room.
POWELL. 11£ — Furnished • rooms to let.
POWELL. 216— Furnished room.
POWELL. 239 — Furnished rooms.
POWELL. 342 — Sunny room to let
POWELL, 506 — Sunny single room.
POWELL, • 605 — Furnished room.
POWELL. 608 — A sunny front room to let
SUNNY rooms, very reasonable. Apply _&
Powell st. -
NICELY furnished rooms, very reasonable. Ap-
Ply 828 Powell st v 7 -
TO rent— Single and housekeeping rooms. Ap-
ply 1003 Powell st'
POWELL; 1014— Rooms to let
| ROOMS TO EST-- Txunx. and Unfora. |
HYDE, 6% — Furnished rooms.
HYDE, 232— Furnished rooms.
HYDE. 324— Furnished room to let
HYDE, 858 — Furnished rooms to let i
HYDE. 408— One sunny room to let
HYDE. 416— Basement room to let; will b«
vacant November 1.
HYDE. 451 — Large furnished room.
HYDE, 625— Furnished room to let -
HYDE. 629— Furnished room. I
HYDE. 1445^-Furnished room.
HYDE, 1841— Sunny room to let
JACKSON. 827— Sunny room to let %.',?•?'?'
JAC.KSON. 923 — Furnished room to . let. -
JACKSON, 1175, cor. Jones — Single furnished
front room; marine view; private family;
references.
JACKSON, 1403 — Furnished rooms.
JESSIE. 313 — Furnished rooms to let
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint— Nicely furnish-
ed rooms, double bed, $10: single rooms, $5.
JESSIE. 439—3 sunny connected housekeeping j
rooms; $3 per week.
JESSIE.i 524 — Room to let
JONES, 307— Large sunny' room, reasonable.
JONES -317— Rooms to let.
JONES. 319 — Rooms to let.
SUNNY, single furnished room. Apply 319 j
Jones 8t.
JONES,' 378— Furnlshtd room to let
JONES, 520— Furnished rooms.
JONES, 617— Nice furnished room to rent. -
JONES. 797— N'ice eunny front room. Apply
R. L. AMES.
JONKS. 026 — Sunny room to let. . |
JONES. 943^In modern flat beautiful sunny '
rooms; every convenience; terms reasonable;
references.
JONES, 953— Rooms to let.
A LARGE sunny front room. Apply 1717
Jones st.
JONES, 1801— Furnished and unfurnished,
sunny rooms; housekeeping or single.
JONES. 1801— Nicely furnished floor to let
KEARNY. 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms; sunny;
; bay window: . front; $22 50; housekeeping; !
i • adults; references,
j - — — — ..
FRONT room; suitable for office or bedroom.
Cajl 215 Kearny.
KEARNY, 219— Room to let.
KEARNY, 30f., cor. Bush— Nicely furnished j
rooms; also housekeeping rooms and bath. I
LAGUNA, 421 — Furnished room to let.
LAGUNA. 705— Furnished room.
LAGUNA. 1307— Furnished room.
LAGUNA, 2917— Sunny front room to let.
LAKE, 32 — Furnished rcom.
LANGTON. 0— Rooms to let
; LANGTQN,l2.1%. J bettrcen.Slithand Seventh—
. ,. To • let. - furnished room with water.
LARKIN. 139— Furnished rooms to let
LARKIN. 327%— Elegantly furnished rooms.
I : ~^nz
LARKIN, 625%— Furnished rooms to let.
LARKIN, 719 — Furnished rooms, reasonable.
LARKIN, 812B — Neatly furnished rooms;
¦¦18 up. ¦
LARKIN. 846D — Furnished room to let.
LARKIN. 1038 — Single, sunny, front room.
ROOMS to let. Apply 1135 Larkln St.
LARKIN. 1309— Small room.
" """" " ' '" """ ¦¦¦¦¦' I ¦ I ¦¦ _— -— -—_¦ |
LARKIN. 1326— Furnished room. \ |
TO let — A large sunny room. Address 1315
Larkin at. " _^
LARKIN. 2102—3 unfurnished rooms, $14.
LEAVENWORTH, 212— Large, sunny parlor;
private.
LEAVENWORTH. 311%— Rooms to let with
board. .
LEAVENWORTH. 312— Room~and" board for !
gentleman In Jewish family.
LEAVENWORTH. 403— Nicely furnished room.
LEAVENWORTH. 1007— A large' sunny, well
furnished, alcove; also single room. .
LEAVENWORTH. 1010%— Two large, unfur-
nished, sunny rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 1015— Furnished room to
¦ lot. • ¦ ¦ i
LILY ave.. 14, near Franklin — Furnished rooms
to let.
LILY* ave., 25— Sunny room. J' :'; C^
LILY ave.. 112— Furnished room to let.
LINDEN ave., "250 — Furnished room to let '•
LINDKN ave., 250— Furnished room to let
LOCUST ave.. 60S%— Sunny, front, furnished!
parlor , rocm to let. . j
:~v~"" " — " ; :
LOCUST ave.. 030— Front room.
LOCUST ave., 630— Front room.
A SUICNY furnished room to let. Inquire at
¦ C_5 Lombard at.
LYON. 633— Room to let. * ' .
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St.— 400
("Ingle and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day,
•• ' $2 to $8 per week ; the only new and modern
hotel ' and rooming-house in ' San : Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, . steam heat
' in every room and gives free baths and ele-
-vator service day and night to its guests.
MADISON ave/, 23— Rooms to let. ' . .
MARKET, 017 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. -1007%— Furnished rooms to let
' a— NEW Arilntton,' 1015 ; Market— Nice fur-
; nlshed rooma, $2 wk. up; 50c day up; parlor.
- ... . . . -
MARKET. ~> 1711— Furnished room to let. .
MARKET, • 1726— Rooms to let '
MARKET." 1802— Furnished rooms. '--V
MARKET, 1824— -Furnished rooms. .
MARKET. 2333/ near Church— Furnished rooms
: --to let. :¦ \,.c; ¦::¦¦:*¦ , -. ¦¦•%¦¦>¦.•¦,--. -.y.vr.V •¦;. ,
MASON, 823— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
reasonable. ,"N -•.. :.-• -.'.¦_. ¦_ ;-.,y .,.¦¦':.. ¦ -¦ •¦
MARKET, 1049 " (The : Falmouth)— Sunny
•rooms; $2 60 to $7 week: elevator.. "»"-h-.-.
MARKET.' 1228^-Furnlshed rooms to let; from
*i'$2 tweek'up.'V ?¦;".' : ~ l\- '-¦'.- r .'¦-..• ¦.'¦.¦ .-.
i MARY, 22— Nicely, furnished room. : .
BOOMS TO X-BT — gran, and TTnfnrn.
POWELL. 1515— Room to let
PRESIDIO ave.. 842— Sunny front room; $10;
all conveniences. .
PRESIDIO ave.. 742— A large rcom to let;
gentleman preferred; $10 a month.
PROSPECT ave.. 318 — Furnished rooms.
RAILROAD ave., 1556 — Front and back parlor;
running water.
RAILROAD ave.. San Mateo— Furnished room.
RAUSCH. 91 — 1 furnished front room. ¦
RINCON place. **— Furnished room-.
RITCH. 10— Furnished room to let
RITCH. 236— Nicely furnished rooms.
RITCH. 238% — Front room to let
ROTAL HOUSE.128 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 33o to $1 30; week. $2
to $8; month. $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath-.
RUS3. 121— Room to let * " •* '-'S-
SACRAMENTO. 1801— Rooms te 1st
SACRAMENTO. 1004— Furnished room to let.
SACRAMENTO. 1332— Furnished or unXur-
nished rooms with use of bath.
SACRAMENTO. 1510— Nlc* sunny front roomi
gas. bath, phone; rent reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. 241S. bet Fillmor. and W«b-
ster— A hall bedroom for rent
SACRAMENTO. 2815— Nice sunny room to
rent. <
BACRAMBNTO. 8105— Rooms to It
SANCHEZ. 1324— Furnished room to let. -4- ,¦¦-•'¦
BAN JOSB ave.. 684 — Furnished room.
SAN JOSE ave.. 2217— Room to let; gas, bath.
SANSOMS. 821— Rooms to let
SCOTT, goa— Furnished rooms to It,
BUNNY front room to let Apply S21 Scott
SCOTT. 1731— Nicely furnished room.
> SECOND. 37 — Furnished rooms to let .
SECOND. 221— To let, famished room.
SEVENTH. 112— Housekeeping room*.
SEVENTH. 286— Furnished room to let
SEVENTH. 429— Room to let
SEVENTH, 1759%, Oakland— Sunny rooms to
rent >
SHIPLEY. 238— Furnished room. *
i ' '
I SHIPLEY, 242— Rooma to let
| — — _
| SHOT*v7EI__. 1159 — Furnished room.
I SILVER. 28 — Furnished room: bath.
SILVER. 120 — A sunny room for gentleman.
SILVER. 163 — A room for man.
I SILVER. 113— Sunny roorn.^ T
i SILVER. 120% — Furnished room to let
SIXTEENTH. 2822^ — Sunny furnished rooms,
I stngle or double.
! "-—-————————-—--—---——-——---————¦¦-—--—•
f SIXTEENTH. 3063 — Room for gentleman.
i ______ ,
! SIXTEENTH. S094 — Furnished rooms to let
; SIXTEENTH. Furnished room.
SIXTEENTH. 3428A — Sunny furnished room,
bath. ¦
SIXTEENTH. 5033 — Furnished rooms.
SIXTH, 63 — Rooms to let
SIXTH. 107 — Furnished rooms to let
SIXTH. 108— Room to let.
j SIXTH. 118— Rooms to let.
I SIXTH. 118 — Rooms to let.
i ______
j SIXTH. 124 — Sunny room.
j SIXTH. 143— Furnished rooms to 1st with
: housekeeping privileges.
SIXTH. 215 — Rooms to let.
SIXTH. 221 — Single and double rooma; $1 50,
$2 per week; transient 50c^
SIXTH. 314 — Furnished rooms.
SIXTH. 320 — Fnrniahed rooms. '
SIXTH. 606— Rooms to let.
SIXTH. 429 — Furnished rooms.
I SIXTH, 872 — Room to let.
j SIXTH ave.. 631 — Front room.
CORNER Sixteenth and Landers — Small room
to let >
SOUTH PARK. 37 — A nice sunny furnished
room; reasonable. -
SOUTH PARK. 109 — Sunny single room to
let.
SOUTH PARK. 178— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
FURNISHED rooms. Apply 121 South Park.
SOUTH PARK. 130— Sunny furnished rooma.
BT REGIS. Hyde and Ellls^ — New house; new
furnishings; fresh and dean: hot and cold
water: baths; everything sanitary; elevator
service: if sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject see th«— rooms; $3 per week na.
STEVENSON. 259 — Furnished rooms.
STEVKNSON. 253 — Two sunny furnished rooms
to let.
STEVENSON, CIS— Furnished room to let
" ;
8TEVENSON, 619 — Furnished rooms to let
STEVENSON, C20 — Sunny front furnished
room to let cneao.
! STEVENSON. 633^ — Furnished rooms to let.
I STEVENSON. 635 — Sunny furnished rooms.
[ '
STEVENSON. 635— Furnished rooms to let
[ STEVENSON. 637— FurnUhed rooms to 1st
STEVENSON. 639^ — Furnished rooms to let.
STOCKTON. 242— Bright sunny, front room to
, rent: reasonable. •
STOCKTON. 40S— Furnished rooms; single and
double.
STOCKTON. 1530— Furnished room to let.
STOCKTON. 2016— Sunny "furnished room to
JZ _
8UMNER. 18 — Furnished room.
SUTTER. 418 — Furnished rooms. v_
SUTTER. 703 — Fine- furnished rooms to let
SUTTER. 703 — Sunny rooms to let
SUTTER 71" — Sunny rooms, back or front;
grate, funning water; 9 minutes to town.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Pajfe Forty-Eight.
BOOMS TO I.ET — Porn, and -Tnin-Tu
DEVISADERO. 1301A— Sunny furnished rooms. I
DEVISADERO. 1027— Furnished room to let
DOLORES. 274— Room to let
r>OIX)RES. 616 — Sunny front room for rent
DOLORES. 1605— Bunny front room to let
PORE. 141— Furnished rooms to let
PORE. S31 — S rooms to let.
DUBOCE ave,, 478 — Large front room with
clothes closet; reasonable.
DUPONT. 1509— Sunny room.
DUPONT. 1623%— One nicely furnished room
to let
EDDY, 331H— Furnished rooms.
EDDY. 432— Nicely furnished rooms, bath,
modern, convenient, reasonable.
SUNNY furnished room to let Apply dl
Eddy *t.
FURNISHED room to rent Apply 684 Eddy
street.
EPPY. 771— Two unfurnished rooms to let
r: DDT. 826 — Sunny front room to let
EDDY, 870— Handsomely furnished rooms to
let
EDDY. 871— Newly furnished rooms to let
EDDY. 876— To let. beautifully furnished front
emt«; also single room; in quiet house.
EDDY. 1223— Room to let
EDDY. 18-ft— Sunny front room to let.
EDDY. 1932— Sunny room.
EIGHTEENTH. 1405— Furnished front room.
nGHTEEXTH. 4064— Sunny furnished room
EIGHTEENTH. S230— Fine sunny fura-shed
rooms.
EDDY, _1O — Sunny front suite, also double
and single rooms; private; terms moderate.
EPDY. 472— Front sunny hall bedroofi-
EDDY. 601 — Large sunny front room,
EDDY. 661 — One gunny furnished room.
EDDY, 765— Nice tunny room, suitable for
two young mea; rent reasonable.
ELEVENTH ave.. 1610. South San Francisco
— Nicely furnished room to rent.
ELLIS, 413 — Eunny rooms to rent
ELLIS. 436 — Furnished room to let
EDDY, 468— Small bedroom. $8; room, ground
floor, for worklngman. $5.
ELLIS. 611 — Newly furnished sunny rooms. $2
to $3 week; first-class, quiet: bath.
ELLIS. 616 — Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS. €1(5 — Rooms to let
ELLIS, eei — A sunny furnished room to let.
ELLIS. 689 — 1 sunny furnished room.
ELLIS. 723— Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS, 725— Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS. 782 — Suites and single rooms to let.
ELLIS, 800—2 furnished front ropms.
ELLIS. £06— To let. a fine furnished room
with board; rent reasonable.
ELLIS. S50 — Nicely furnished room; price rea-
ELLIS. 914 — Sunny furnished front room.
EXLIS, 010 — Sunny furnished front room.
ELLIS. 143tt— -Cheerful corner room to rent
with or without board: references.
Ft'RN'IEHED room to rent. Apply 732 Eddy
ctreet.
EDDY. 850 — Furnished rooma.
ELLIS. 1130 — Handsomely furnished room;
¦uitafcle for 1 or 2; board if desired.
ELLIS. 1229 — Furnished room.
ELLIS. 1467 — Furnished room to let
ELLTB. 1504 — Furnished rooms to let
ELLIS. 1504 — Rooms.
ELLIS. 1504— Rooms to let
ELM ave.. 115%. off Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished rooms to let
ERKSON* Court. 20 — Sunny front room.
ERIE. 215— Rooms to let
FELL, 180 — Single furnished room. IS.
FELL. 174— Single furnished room. $7.
FELL. 252 — Comfortable, dean, well furnished
bedroom for gentleman; private. Call Sun-
day.
FELL. 252 — One furnished room.
FELL. 254 — Furnished room.
FELL, 312 — Furnished room,
FELL. 428 — A sunny room.
FELL, 450 — Furnished rooms.
FELL, 510 — Rooms to let
FELL. 628 — Furnlkhed room.
FELL, 876— Furnifhed room.
FELL. €20— 6unny front roam furnished, cheap,
to eingle man; small private adult family.
FELL. 973 — Two furnished rooms; use of bath,
piano, phone; home comforts.
FELL. 1S08 — Hair bedroom; very sunny.
FIFTEENTH. 1571 — Nice. dean, sunny room
very reasonable.
FIFTEENTH. 2178. near Market— A large
furnished room to let; terms moderate.
FIFTH. 33 — Furnished rooms to let
FIFTH.. 100^ — Furnlste- rooms to let ,
FIFTH. 327 — Furnished rooms to let
FIFTH. 381— Nice furnished room to let in
private house; call after 6 p. m. ¦
FIFTH. 3S1 — Furnished room to let
FIFTH. 403. corner Harrison— Sunny furnished
room. •
FIFTH, 4OS — Furnished room to let
FIFTH. *03 — In new flat sunny furnished
room.
FIFTH, 411 — Furnished room to let-
FIFTH. 411 — Sunny furnished room in sew
flat . -
FIFTH ¦ are. south, . 1048 — Nicely furnished
rooms to let .
FIFTH ave. south. 1129 — Nicely tarnished
rooms to let .:¦¦¦. ."
FILBERT. 327— Rooms to let <
FILBERT. 616% — Rooms, furnished and un-
furnished; Quiet , neighborhood. . ,
FILLMORE, 1010— Furnished room. to let
ROOMS TO LET-gnnt. and TXnfnrn.
GREENWICH. 1829— Large unfurnished room.
GREENWICH, 1822— Unfurnished room to
rent ....
GREENWICH. 1829-^To let sunny furnished
room. •.*-:..:
GREENWICH, 2234— Furnished room to rent
GROVE, 216, bet Van Ness av«. and Frank-
lin — A nicely furnished room; reasonable.
GROVE, 361 — Rooms to let '
GROVE. 622 — Furnished front room to let
GUERRERO. '283— Furnished room to let
GUERRERO. 317 — Nice sunny room to let
GUERRERO. 632. between' Seventeenth and
Eighteenth — 1 large room. * . '
GUERRERO, 713-^-Nlce furnished room to
rent -• •¦ < - v :..-.. .. ; .
GUY place, 14 — A large furnished room to let.
GUY place, 14 — A room to let suitable for
doctor's office.
HAIGHT. 11 — Two housekeeping rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 11— Furnished rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 11— Furnished rooms.
HAIGHT, 60 — Furnished rooms.
HAIGHT. 110— Sunny room to let.
HAIGHT, 220 — Sunny suite of furnished rooms;
use of bath; gas; phene. <
HAIGHT, 220 — Sunny suite furnished rooms,
1 with gas, bath, phone.
I • !~
HAIGHT. 499— FurnUhed rooms to let
HAIGHT, 601 — Furnished room to let.
HAIGHT. 603 — Sunny furnished room to let
HARRISON. 770— Bay-window room to rent
HAIGHT. 882— A neatly furnished room for 1
or 2 gentlemen.
HAIGHT. 1215— Room to let
|imi|m _ |t ' »
HARRIET. 14— FurniBhed room to let.
HARRIET, 18 — Room to rent.
HARRIET, 61 — 8unny furnished room.
HARRIET, 842— A sunny front room; $8 a
month.
HARRISON, 248— Nicely furnished rooms to
let.
HARRISON. 316— Three rooms to let.
HARRISON. 530— Furnished room.
HARRISON. 618— Furnished rooms.
HARRISON, 660 — Furnished room; gas; run-
ning water: call evenings.
HARRISON? 730% — Large front room to let.
MRS. HART.
HARRISON. 739— Furnished rooms to let.
HARRISON, 762— To let, large front room
sunny, with bath. $6 per month.
HARRISON, 765 — Furnished room.
HARRISON, 000— Furnished room to let
HARRISON, 1121— A large sunny furnished
room to let
HARRISON. 1143— Furnished room to let
| HARRISON. 1227— Sunny, pleasant room for
gentleman.
HAWTHORNE. 8— Nice furnished room.
HAWTHORNE, 8— Large front room, to rent-
HAWTHORNE.' 38 — Furnished rooms.
HAYES, 456 — Furnished room.
TWO large sunny connected rooms with run-
ning water. Apply 458 Hayes st.
HAYES, 481 — Nicely furnished front room for
2 gentlemen or young couple; bath, gas.
HAYES, 514 — Sunny furnished room; bath;
gas. -¦ • ,
HICKORY ave.. 251— Rooms to let.
HICKORY ave.. 417— Unfurnished room to let.
HICKORY ave., 504-^Room to let
HOWARD court, 7. bet. Fourth and Fifth
ste. — Sunny front room - to let
HOWARD. 604, corner First — Sunny furnish-
ed room to let. •
HOWARD. 614— Rooms to let.
HOWARD, 626 — Furnished room to let
HOWARD. 640 — Two nice furnished rooms to
let; single or en suite.
HOWARD. 640— Furnished room to let.
HOWARD, 704— Furnished rooms.
| HOWARD, 719— Rooms to let.
I HOWARD. 734% — Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 737% — Furnished rms.; good loca-
tion; also some housekpg rms. ;' very reas.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
| HOWARD, 737%— Front room to. let.
; HOWARD, 741— Sinele room.
HOWARD, 760A — Furnished rooms to let
' ' - .
: HOWARD. 7Cft— Sunny rooms.
; ZHZ :
HOWARD. 621A— Sunny room.
I - y '-, . ______
HOWARD, 846— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 829— Rooms to let
' HOWARD, 835 — Ono large sunny room to rent
•HOWARD, &17— Furnished rooms to let
i HOWARD, 014— A single room to let
HOWARD, 021— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 025 — Rooms to let.
HOWARD, 933 — Furnished rooms. - X- --J'
, HOWARD, 914 — Furnished rooms. '
HOWARD. 1046— A furnished room to let.
HOWARD. ' 1051— Newly furnished rooms;
painted and uayered; terms reasonable. ; .- ¦
HOWARD. 1061. bet. Sixth and Seventh—
Nicely furnished rooms; . double : or single;
newly furnished; painted and papered.
HOWARD. 1074— Rooms to let
HOWARD, 1240 — Room to let.
HOWARD. 1858— Rooms to let.
HOWARD, 1772 — Sunny, furnished, front * bay-
window room.
HOWARD, : 1811— Two | furnished rooms. ;
HOWARD. 2032— For doctor or. dentist/ an ele.
gant parlor suite with bath; private."-,: ',-.: .
HOWARD, 2700. cor. Twenty-third— Room
with or. without board: small family; : com-
fortable home; \ . , •
HOWARD; 2808. near. Twenty-fourth— Two
sunny : front . rooms. -.:..¦ ;,,:•.,..
ROOMS to let. Inquire at 860 Howard st ¦
ROOMS TO SET— ram, and TJnfnni.
FTLLMORE. U0O-l*7unn^ room to rent
FILLMORB. 1100-3 sunny grant rooms to let
FILLMORE. 1944-Furnlshed room to let.
FILLMORE. 2012%-Two furnished rooms to
FIRST ave,. 733— Furnished room to let
I FOLSOM ave.. 1SB— Furnished room to let
FOLSOM. 314— Two-room suite.
FOLSOM. 821— Room to let '
FOLSOM. 513— Furnished rooms to let
FOLSOM. 850 — Wanted, permanent men room-
ers; $2 weekly.
FOLSOM. 027— Furnished room to Ut
FOURTEENTH. 137%— A nicely furnished
room.
FOURTH. 27%— Large rooms to let ¦__
FOURTH, 120— Furnished rooms.
FOURTH. 156— Front room to let
FOURTH. 222— Nice sunny room to let
FOURTH. 663— Room to let
FOURTH ave., 258— Rooms to rent.
FOURTH. 633 — Room to let.
FOLSOM. COS— FurnUhed room to let.
FOLSOM. 757A— Sunny alcove suit, sult*blo
for 2 or 3 gentlemen; private family.
FOLSOM. 819 — Furnished room*.
FOLSOM. 846 — Nice sunny room to let.
FOLSOM, 850— Nice furnished sunny rooms to
rent.
FOLSOM. 1047— fiunny room, with bath.
FOLSOM. 1346 — Sunny front room.
FOLSOM. 1714— Room to let
FOLSOM. 1766. near Fourteenth — Room to let
FRANKLIN. 203 — Room to rent
FRANKLIN. 719 — Sunny furnished room to
let; $12.
FRANKLIN. 721— Sunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences.
FRANKLIN. 1459 — Rooms to let
FRANKLIN. 1459— Furnished rooms to let.
NICE sunny front room to let Apply 334 Fre-
mont ft.
FULTON. 430 — Small furnished room, suitable
for geotlema n.
FULTON, 100 — Back room, furnished, to let.
FULTON, 226%— Roon-s io let.
FULTON. 22S— Rcom to let.
FULTON, 519 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
FULTON. 636— Furnished room to let
FULTON. 1753 — Furnished rooms to let.
FURNISHED room to rent. Box 2933. Call
office.
FURNISHED room to let; Western Addition;
$6. Box 3581. Call office. .
GEARY. 133— Rooms to let.
GEARY. 620^ — Sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY. 624 — Newly furnished rooms to let
GEARY. 660— Room to let.
GEARY, 666 — To let, eingle furnished room.
GEARY. 788 — Sunny furnished room.
GEARY, 826 — Sunny room to let
GEARY. 888— Rooms to let
GEARY. 1225— Large bay-window sunny room
for rentleman: modern, convenient; only $12.
GEARY. 1463 — Sunny room to let.
GEARY. 1378—110; neatly famished room.
GEARY. 1499 — Furnished room.
GEARY. 1495> — Furnished room. ¦¦\y <?--.
GEARY, 1512 — Sunny room, bath; board, if
desired.
GEARY. 1629— Furnished room: $13."
GEARY, 1529 — Furnished room; $16.
GLEN PARK ave,, 13 — Sunny furnished !
room,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 311— Large front room,
nicely furnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave., U35 — Rooms to let. ,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 637 — Furnished rooms !
to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 730— Furnished rooms
to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 817%— Room to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 817%— Furnished room
to let for younc man.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 845— Sunny front room
to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847., opposite Jefferson
Square — Furnished rooms, suite or single. !
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1100 — Nice furnished |
rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1130— Sunny furnUhed j
room to let. ]
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1235—3 neat, sunny
room*; prl\-ate family; phone; home comforts.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1524 — One back and one j
! front room for rent. - !
GOUGH. 213— Rooms to let
GOUGH. 213 — Furnished room.
GROVE. 405 — Front room to let.
GROVE. 612 — Nice sunny front room; $10; all!
conveniences. j
LARGE furnished room for 2 gentlemen. Ap- '
ply (;_.-» Golden Gate ave. i
_____ _
GOUGH, 723 — Large furnished room.
GOUGH. 723 — Large furnished room. I
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o '
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $0 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT, f 7 — Nicely furnUhed sunny suite, also
single rooms, $2 50 to $7 week.
GRANT ave.'. 8 — Nice room to let
GRANT ave., 21 — Furnished front, rooms;
suite or single. '
GRANT ave., 29— Nicely furnished rooms; rea-
sonable.
GREEN. 302^ — One sunny unfurnished . room.
GREEN, 606— Rooms to let
GREEN, 622 — Furnished rooms to rent
GREEN. 722 — Furnished room. ,¦ : .
GREEN. 723— Furnished, room.
GREENWICH. 811— Furnished rooms. . ,
GREENWICH. 1822— A nice, sunny f urnlsheij
room. >; • -¦ ¦'• iFrom eight to twelve cats are part
of the equipment of every great ocean
liner, and they duly appear on the
ship's books, whe^e their rations are
accounted for. Each cat is stationed
at a different part of the Bhip, and cfer-
Spanish Lad beat Moonbeam. 5-4;
John Heenan beat Rush Away, 8-6; Mi
Amigo beat Advance "Guard, 16-0;
Queen's Motto beat Sky Van, 18-3; R.
W. beat Master Garrison, 6-1; Lulu
Girl beat Flying Pigeon. 6-0; Vandal
beat Tricksy, 2-0; Bright Fortune beat
Tralee Boy, 6-5; Hermis beat Kid
Clair, 6-4; Sacramento Boy beat D.
R., 10-1; Fancy Free beat General
Quill, 18-2; Eden Vale beat Ouida,
2-0; Jack Short beat Mount Lowe,
22-3; Polncetta beat Tennyson. 20-0;
Sofala beat Summer Girl, 8-0; Aggie
"W beat Durazzo, 22-0; Panoche beat
Prompto, 8-4; Eagle beat Star Syl
vanus, 5-4; False Alarm beat Lord
Melbourne, 5-3; Aeolus beat Golden
Garter, 5-0; Miss Domestic beat Blue
Dillon, 10-4; Amandan beat Hot Shot,
5-0; Mollie Me beat Texas Ginger,
24-1; Galveston beat Mark Twain, 7-4;
Ready Address beat Margaret, 8-5;
Miss Brummel beat Flaunt, 6-4; lone
Hill beat Free Costa, 4-2; Fearless Lad
beat Boots, 11-6; Paul Dunbar beat
Wild Norah, 8-4; Sherman beat Anna
dale, 10-0;.Glaucus beat Lord Brazen.
10-3; Gold Chain beat General De
wet, 3-2; Royal Spirit beat Imperious,
14-3; Texas Black Lips beat Story's
Sister, 4-2; Racing Auto beat Nellie
Wise, 15-1; Red Rock beat Una, 9-7;
Daisy Rocket beat Texas Mignon, 3-2;
Haphazard beat Rusty Anchor, 4-0;
Honest John beat Frisco Lad, 9-7; Co
sette beat Rapid Water, 4-2; Dorothy
M beat Miss Green. 4-0; Our Motto
beat Silver Cloud, 8-0; Sylvester beat
Young Tommy R, 5rl; Remlsso Anlmo
beat J. R., 4-2; Rose of Gold a bye,
Helen Hayes withdrawn; Runaway Ac
tress beat Rural Artist, 7-1; Rich Ar
ray beat Apple Blossom, 4-2; Bells
Marie beat Orsina, 13-4.
Eden Vale, a young greyhound by
Rusty Gold-For Glory, both famous
performers, surprised the talent yes
terday at Union Coursing Park. Ouida
was installed a 1 to 5 choice over him
and was beaten pointless, the score be
ing 2 to 0. The trials throughout the
day were long and exciting. The day's
results with Judge P -* J ' Relay's of
ficial scores follow:
YOUNG COURSER SURPRISES
THE BETTORS AT UNION PARK
tain stewards are told to feed them
daily. There is not a little rivalry be
tween different stewards when the re
spective merits as rat-catchers of dif
ferent cats under their charge are be
ing discussed.
Totals. 31 1 5 27 14' Totals. 31 4 8 27 18
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 0 10 0 0— t
Base hits 1 001 1 200 0—5
T/OT Angeles 0 0 O 0 3 O 0 1 0 — I
Base hits 1 10 0 4 0 0 2 0— S
SUMMARY.
Errors— Mohler (2). C. Smith, Hall. James.
Baum. ¦ Stolen bases — Bernard (2). Sacrifice
hits— Bernard, Flood (2). J. Smith. Chase.
Bases on b*ll5 — Off Shields 3. off. Raum 2.
Struck ont — By Shields 3, by Baum 5. Tune.
of xame — l:3O. Umoir« — McDonald.
Slwashes Fall to Give Shields the
'/-;.,, Proper Support.
SEATTLE, Oct 22. — Los Angeles
won a fast and well played game to
day. Most of the interest centered In
the pitchers as it was a fight between
them. Shields pitched good ball and
with errors wiped out the game would
have been his with score 1 to 0.
Score: /
Seattle — I Los Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A., AB. R. H. P.A.
VnHn. cf 4 1 1 1 0 Brnrd.cf 3 112 0
Mhlr,2b.. 3 O 1 6 3|Flood.2b 3 113 4
CSmth.rt 4 O 0 O O JSmth.Sb 3 0 0 11
Frlsk,lf. 4 0 2 3 0 Crvth. rf 3 O 1 1 0
Leahy.c. 3 0 0 3 2 Chase. lb 3 1 3 12 0
Mahn.Sb 4 0 0 2 O.Toman.ss 4 0 12.:
Hall. ss. 3 0 1 2 .ilRosa. If 4 0 0 1 O
James.lb 3 O O 11 0;Spie».c. 4 ft O 5 2
Shlelds.p 3 O O O 6 Baum.p. 4 1 1 0 tt
AXGEXS PROFIT BY ERRORS.
Oakland 0 0000000 1—1
Baso hits l^OllilOO 1—1
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Streib. Devereaux. Ganley.
Nordyke. Hogan. Errors — Doyle <2>, Frances.
Eagan. Lynch. Sacrifice hits — Ifogan. Me-
Laughlin. Flist base on errors — Oakland 2.
First base on called balls^ — Off Keefe 1. off
Schmidt 2. Loft on bases— Oakland 8. Tacoma
5. Struck out — By Keefo 3. by Schmidt 3. Hit
by pitched ball — Schlafley. rassed ball —
Hogan. Time of game — One hour and forty
minutes. Umpire — Perlne.
LOXE RUN SCORED IN TENTH.
Seals Break Long Deadlock and Xo«e
Out the Brownies.
PORTLAND, Oct. 22. — The Seals
scored one run in the tenth inning to
day and captured the greatest game
seen here in months. The Brownies
might have tied the score but for
Hildebrand's great throw which
caught Kellackey at the plate. Both
Iberg and Barber pitched grand ball.
Score:
Portland— I Baa Francisco—
AB.R.H.P.A. AB.R.H.P.A.
Drnan.cf 6 0 11 o'HldM.lf 5O22t
Hollnd.rf 4 0 14 OiMeany.rf ft 0 O 1 0
Nadau.lf 4 O 1 2 O Irwln.3b 4 O O 1 4
Beck. 3b 4 O 1 l 5 VnBn.lb 4 O 2 8 O
Rukle.ss 4 0 12 3 Waldn.cf 2 0 0 3 0
Spncr.2b 3 0 0 2 2.Andsn.2b 8 0 18 2
Kelcky.c 3 0 0 2 2|Gchnr,is 4 0 0 2 3
Davls.lb S 0 0 15 OShea. c. 4 0 1 T 1
Iberg. p. 3 0 0 1 ft Barber, p 4 110 1
•Steelmn 10 0 0 0
••Thlmn O 0 O 0 0 Totals. 35 1 7 SO 11
Totals. 34 0 3 30 IT!
•Batted for Davis in tenth
••Batted for Iberg In tenth.
RUNS AND HITS BT DTNIN09.
Portland 0 000 00000 0— •
Base hits ...1OO2OOOO1 1 — S
San Francisco. .O 00000000 1 — 1
Base bits 0 11111000 3—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen base— Nadeau. Bases on balls— OS
Iberi 1. off Barber 3. Struck out — By Iber«
2. by Barber 6. Left on bases — Portland 7.
Fan Francisco 8. Hit by pitched ball — By
Iberg. Passed ball — Shea. Sacrifice hits —
Waldron (2). First base on errors — Portland
1. San Francisco 2. Double plays — Runkle to
Spencer to Davis; Iberg to Beck. Tims of
game — One hour 45 minutes. Umpire—
Brown.
_ __ __ __ i _ __ __ _ _ _
Totals 83 1 7 27 15[ Totals 2S 0 3*25 9
•One out whm winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0 10100 10 0—3
"Uneasy rests the head that wears
a crown." It's an old saying but it
still goes. Kings are scarce in . the
cosmopolitan seaport town of San
Francisco, but there is a real one In
the person of Mike Fisher and his
crown is nearly in. It has been tot
tering for many days past, but yester
day its career of usefulness was about
at an end, for Oakland shot in ahead
of the Timers once more at Recreation
Park. Score, 1 to 0.
Sensation after sensation was pulled
off In rapid succession till the fans
firmly believed a run was not to be
had even If the game went a hundred
innings." But a ball game is never
over till the last man Is benched.
Streib had fanned In the ninth and
Devereaux gloomily walked up to the
pan.
A pop fly left Red's club and soared
out to right field. "Eat that up,
Mike," quoth Mr. Doyle to Mr. Lynch.
Mr. Lynch had no appetite for such a
fly*and stood admiring it from a dis
tance. Mr. Doyle at last decided to
make a meal of It himself, but his
appetite failed at the last moment and
the ball slipped through his mitts.
A mighty roar went up when Stark
shot a fast one through to right field.
Again Mr. Doyle was attacked with
the jimmies and this time the ball did
serpentine stunts on the ground. Both
Devereaux and Stark kept tearing
along, the former pulling up at third
and the latter at second.
"Win your own game, Schmiddy,"
yelled the multitude as Pretzel strut
ted proudly to the pan. He posed pic
turesquely waiting for the first ball. On
it came a' trifle wide. It struck Ho
gan's mitt and bounded to one side.
Every fan in the lot rose to his feet to
urge Devereaux on. He came, sur
rounded by a cloud of dust, sliding in
safely under Keefe Just as the ball
reached the pitcher's mitt.
The story of the game was the
pitching of Schmidt and Keefe. Both
worked as they never worked before
and both received support that would
fill any slabman with a desire to win.
The Oaks erred but once behind the
game little German. The Tigers threw
their gallant college lad down in the
last inning after he had labored so
hard to bring victory home. The
score:
Oakland — t Tacoma —
AB. R. H. P.A.I . AB. R. H. P. A.
Ganley.rf 4 0 11 0 Doyle, rf 3 O O 1 O
Fmcks.ss 4 0 2 3 4 Shehn.Sb 4 0 0 11
Dnlvy, If 4 0 13 0|Nordy.lb 4 0 1 10 O
8chlfly,2b 3 0 0 12 Eagan.S9 4 0 12 1
Kroger.cf 4 0 13 0 Lynch, cf 4 0 1 1 0
Streib.lb 4 0 1 11 1 McLgn.lf 2 0 0 2 0
Devrx,3b 3 10 12 Dlmas,2b 2 0 0 2 3
Stark, c. 4 0 1 4 2 Hogan, c 2 0 O 6 0
Schmdt.p 3 0 0 0 4 Keefe, p 3 0 0 0 4
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 47 31 .603 Seattle 41 39 .513
Los -Angeles. 40 33 .548 San- Fran.... 35 43*.449
Oakland .."..41 37 .52t> Portland ....29 50 .367
ONE RUN IS ENOUGH
TO DOWN THE TIGERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY! OCTOBER 23, 1904.
48
BOOMS TO X/ET — Pnrn. -ad TTBfnm. ;
TWEXTY-SECOND. 3723— Front room.
TWENTY.FOURTH, •'5174, near Howard — A
nice sunny front room. *
TWEXTT-XIXTII. 442'4— Sunny room to let.
UICIOX. 719— Furnished room.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
rcom; elevator. re»d-roo-; free- bu»; baggage.
VALENCIA; 523— Furnished rooms. \
VALEXCIA, 601 >4— Furnished room, suitable
lor gentleman. .';¦'*•¦'- '.'¦ '
VALENCIA, 117S— Nice sunny rooms.
VALENCIA. 1175— Rooms to Ut.
VALENCIA. 1318 — Rooms to let.
VALLEJO. 806— Room to let.
VALLEJO, 811— Nicely furnished room>
VAN NESS tw.. 300 — Furnished rooms.
VAX NESS ave.. 300— Furnished rooms.
VAN NESJJ ave.. 300 — Rooms to let.
VAX NESS ave.. 421 — Sunny front housekeep-
ing rooms; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 419— Small front room;
housekeeping privileges.
VAN NESS. 1021— Sunny room, grate, running
vater; $10; other room, $8.
VAN NESS ave.. 1100 — Furnished rooms.
VAX NESS ave., 1409— Single and suits to let.
WALLER. CO, near Market— I_rg» bay-window
front room; one or two gentlemen; $3 week.
WALLER. BS2 — Furnished i'oom.
WALTER. 93. near Noe — Sunny front room;
newly furnished: $5 month.
WASHINGTON, 7— Furnished rooms to let.
WASHINGTON, 704— Furnished rooms to let.
WASHINGTON. 2420— Furnished rooms.
WASHINGTON ave.. 35— Furnished room.
WANTED — A respectable roomer. Apply to
J. K.. 31 Washington ave.
A NICKLT furnished room to let. Apply
219U Webster st. : =.•„-£¦
WEBSTER, 1S52 — Sunny furnished front room,
suitable for gentlemen.
WEBSTER. 1352— Nicely furnished sunny
front room.
WEBSTER. 1526— Room to let.
WEBSTER. 1626— Rooms.
"WEBSTER. 2213*4 — Rooms to let.
WILLIAM. 112— Room to let.
WIXCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms. 50c per night.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. rn.
LARGE furnished room; $6. Phone West 961.
SUNNY front room; large; *G. Phone West 961.
THREE large eunny front rooms; $10 month.
Phone West 961.
SUNNF furnished room. Phone Page 62.
ROOMS to let with private family. Box 3915,
Call office.
FINELY furnished room; rent reasonable;
references given and required. Box 3739, Call.
ROOMS to let. Box 3762, Call office.
FURNISHED room to let. Box 4213, Call.
ROOM to let with private 'family. Box 3470,
Call office.
ROOM to let. Box 43S3. Call office.
BOOMS^AKD BO A_D.
BT. GEORGE. 1618 WashlngtonT'just^open;
handsome, newly furnished, sunny suites; pri-
vate baths; singl# rooms; modern conven-
iences; excellent table board; reasonable rates.
POWELL, 818, near California— Elegant sun-
ny furn. parlor suite; marine view; running
water, bath; with or without breakfast and
dinner.
POWELL, 816 — Elegant furn. sunny parlor
suite, with breakfast and dinner In refined
private family; grand marine view.
LADY offers comfortable board and room for
$8 month in return for light duties. 1433
Eighth ave.. Sunset District, city.
SOCIABLE home: moderate: refined working-
man; Fifteenth and Market; good board.
Box 3825. Call office.
COMMODIOUS room, suitable for two gentle-
men, with breakfast and dinner, $40 per
month. 1254 Eddy st.
BOARD and room; pri vat* family. 830 Te-
hama Et.
CHESTNUT. 266 — Large eunny room with
board.
COMORA, 621 CFarrell — Desirable rooms;
Just vacated; *sunny; large grounds; board.
ELEGANT front suite to let, with board.
722 Eddy st.
ELLIS. 453— Nice furnished rooms with best of
French table beard; reasonable.
FIRST-CLASS room and board, $30; two. $50;
refined family; central. Box 3486, Call.
GEARY, 1052 — Room and board for single
gentleman in private family.
1512 GEARY — Sunny room; bath; with board
If desired.
HOWARD, 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.
MASON. C15A — Sunny front room, with or
without board, for lady; private family.
MISSIOX. 2562 — Sunny hall bedroom, furnish-
ed, private family; board optional.
O'FARRELL. 911 — Xlcely furnished rooms, en
euite or single.
TWO adjoining rooms suitable for 2 or 8 men,
with or without board. 460% Natoma st.
ELLIS. 1174 — Single room with nrat-claat
home board; young gentlemen; references.
PINE. ' 952 — Beautifully furnished . front • con-
necting rooms; will give breakfast..
PINE. 1743 — Handsomely furnished room* In
¦ a new home; excellent table board.
ROOM and board: reasonable. 900 Van Ness
avenue.
ROOM and board with private family. 755
Eddy st.
ROOM and board. S20. -1157 Kentucky st.
SANCHEZ. 1241— Room with board. .
Stevemson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
S07 California — See rms. learn prices, try table.
SUNNY front room, with board; references.
Box CS61, Call. ; WC,
WANTED — Two young gentlemen to room and
' board; reasonable. 429A Ellis st.
VAN NESS; 700— Sunny front alcove suite;
modern conveniences; homo cooking.
VAN NESS ave.. 90S— Large eunny room for
two, with board.
SAW L-ABDBO BOOMS AETP BOARD?
WANTED — Children to board, by experienced
married lady, at her ; own home; mother's
care ; la rge . sunny ' yard ; good school. . MRS
J. B. W.. box 203, San Leandro. Cal.
BOOM8 ASP^BOABD VAWTEs!
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes" home~ln
private family; -tats conditions. -Box 34G1.
Call. . • ..
2 WORKING girls would like board and room,
pri. family. Terms and par., box 4399, Call..
GOTTLIEB ZILLMER. husband: HEXRT
and DR. ADOLPH L. W. ZILLMER chll
dren.__r_-__--M-—
We 'herewith desire to tender our heartfelt
thanks to the of fleers and members of the
Eintracht Frauen Verein as well as tha
many kind friends and neighbors for the
many acts . of kindness * and friendship and
beautiful floral offerings during, our late be-
reavement of . loving wife ¦ and mother
Adolphine Zillmer.
CARD OF THANKS.
, nor & Co.. 767 Mission street, to b» shipped
to-day (Sunday) -via 3:50 p. m. train. In-
terment Monday at Petaluma.
WIMBLEY— In this city. October 22. 1904. at
the residence. 213^ Tehama street. John W..
. beloved husband of Catherine Wimbley. and
beloved father of John'W. and Annie Wim-
bley. a native of Denton, Texas, aged 27
years 5 months and 4 days.
ZABIflSKIE — In this city, October 14. 19<M.
Justine, widow of the late Captain ¦ E. B.
'Zabrlskle, and mother of Christian Brevoort
Zabrlskle, a native of Louisiana.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
on Sunday.' October 23. at. 2:30 p. m., at the
• chapel at Cdd Fellows* Crematory.
h ADVE BT1SEM— NTS.
_b_ I fe\ S_ 8^^ _¦_[
* KtjEf Ffai v_ff_QF l_E»lt5-F _I_^_5a_f
Columbus, Ohio, May 15, 1903.
Some four years ago I was suffering
from impure blood and a general run-
down condition of the system. I had no
appetite, was losing flesh, and had an all-
gone tired feeling that made me misera-
ble. I began the use of S . S. S., and
after taking seven or eight bottles my skin
Was cleared of all eruptions and took on a
ruddy, healthy glow that assured me that
my blood had been restored to its nor-
mal, healthy condition. My appetite was
restored, as I could eat anything put be-
fore me, and as I regained my appetite
I increased in weight, and that "tired feel-
ing" which worried me so much disap-
peared, and I was once again my old self.
I heartily recommend S. S. S. as the
best blood purifier and tonic made, and
strongly advise its use to all those in need
of such medicine. Victor Stubbins.
Cor. Barthman and Washington Aves.
Wheeling, W. V., May _3, xgot.
_ My system was run down and my joints
ached and pained me considerably. I had
used S. S. S. before and knew what it
was, so I purchased a bottle of it and have
taken several bottles and the aches and
pains are gone, my blood has been cl eas-
ed and my general health built up. I can
testify to it as a blood purifier and tonic.
1533 Market St. Johk C Stke*.
S_w^ _T^ symptoms of dis-
nL MpV 'write us and our
4sjgS?F figgp' diseases sent free.
Tbe Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
WEAK MEN
A S12 HO— E TZUSATMinVT PXSS
For 10 days* trial and approval.
m _«, "<> T *»•¦»•* OH? PERFECTED
H/ri /i^? T "W» .Vacuum treat-
Hu*«iWA)/x «._ nt wil1 D =V_i..
W _^T*a_ ~ri2«^ ° A nr » -h.sot
B- TMT « 1 J I * TfOXTPH. It is also
m *>rJa> the onl y positive
v1L c ° f f Hill
t PrPTECT' URCTHRAL M^0K:ATI9M~~s~?>
Used^with our Soluble Medicated Ure-
thral Crayons, quickly cures all drains or
discharges. Stricture. Premature Decay
weak or irritable Prostate Gland, etc!
tor Varicocele we combine our soeelai
STXSPEWSOB.T and CO__P__SSOK. LWt
fairto investigate this. Our phTsicIans
are known to be strictly reliable and ex-
perienced specialists and cure biood
FOXSO2T and all diseases of men by mod.
era methods. Don't delay. Examinaclon
and demonstration free. For our VAC-
TTUM SEy-XOPES or our special treat-
ments call at our office only for the pres-
«*. ft »O,HOTW_IT_-C___, Hours
9 to 0; Sundays. 10 to 1."HB__tS AJ.
-zoanox: COMPANY. 6 O'Farrell .trice.
XOO-XS TO LET — Fun. and XTnf ura.
EU_T__a. 1C09— Nicely furnished Iront room,
back room, .-mail room; rent reasonable; bath.
BUTTHR. _CI3— Furnished room to let.
FINliLY furnished rooms in private family;
rsjerenccs given and required. Box S9C3. Call.
TAVLOi:, 21 — Elegant front suites and single;
hot water; steam 'heat; elevator; $_0-$30 mo.
TAYLOR, 125 — Furnished rooms to let.
TAYLOR. 125 — Nice large euite of rooms;
chc_p.
KOOM to let. Apply 234 Taylor st.
TAYLOR. 216 — Nicely furnished room for 2
gentlemen.
TAYLOR, C01— Room to let.
TAYLOR. 624, near Sutter — Sunny, front, bay-
window rocm; (1— ..
TAYLOR. 706 — A email furnished room for
gentlemen.
TAYLOR, 719 — Sunny furnished room to let.
TAYLOR, 713 — Large, sunny, front room, suit-
able lor two. Phone Larkin 464S.
TATLOIt. S10 — Two sunny rooms, with bath.
TEHAMA. 63— Room to Ut.
TEHAMA. 66— Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA. I45C — Furnished rooms.
TEHAMA. 163— Rooms to let.
NICELY furnished room. Apply 158 Tehama
street.
TEKA.1U. CZ — Furnished room.
TEHAMA. 65— Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA. ICO— Nice room to let!
THHASIA. 163 — Rooms.
TEHAMA. 16S — Furnished rooms.
TEHAMA, 207 — A nice sunny front room to
let.
TEHAMA, — 1SH — Nloe front room cheap.
TEHAMA, 219 H— Nicely furnished single
room cheap.
TEHAMA, 221 Ht— A nice sunny furnished front
room to let; cheap rent.
TEHAMA. S08 — Furnished room to let.
— — _____ j
TEHAMA. S30 — Sunny room to let.
TEHAMA. 404— Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA. 435^ — Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA. 435^ — Furnished room.
TENTH. 143 — Large sunny front room; gas.
HARRY CURTS.
TENTH. 328 hi — A nice eunny room with run-
ning water; rent cheap.
TENTH, 507 H— Neatly furnished room.*
TE.NNES.SEE, 1105, Potrero — Furnished room;
reasonable.
THE BT. KATHRTN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS. — POSITIVELY THB
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 301 Sutter — New brick bids.,
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam heat.
privilege to baths ; $_ 60 to S3 per week.
THIRD, 30S — Mayflower, quiet, nice, clean;
_5c. 35c. 50c. 75c and 51 night; %l 25 to 54
week. Near Folsom; open till 2 a. m.
THIRTEENTH. 23S — Suncy front room; bath,
gas; facing etreet.
TWENTY-NINTH. 825.— Sunny room.
THIRD. 17 — One large furnished room to rent.
THIRD. S>4 — Rooms to let.
THIRD. El (Winchester) — Nicely furnished i
rooms. ¦ I
THIRD. 75 — Furalsliid rooms.
THIRD, 78 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
THIFJ3, 79 — Front room to let.
THIRD, 80— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 67 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 87 — Front room to let. .
THIRD. 89— Sunny front room.
THIRD, 103— Room to let.
THIRD, 106— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 106— Rooms to let
THIRD. 106%— Room to let.
THIRD. 103— Room* to let.
THIRD. 131 — Front room* to let.
THIRD. I4>— Rooms to let.
THIRD. 156 — Nice sunny rooms.
THIRD, 168 — A room for a man.
THIRD. 280*4 — Nicely furnished room cheap.
THIRD. 251— Furnished rooms.
THHID. 251 — Furnished rooms t» let.
THIRD. 301 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 320 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 225 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 415B — Rooms, en suite and single, !
SI 50 per week: mo<5«rn flat: bath, laundry.
< — _____ '
THIRD. 419 — Furnished room.
THIRD. 423— Room to let.
THIRD. 444% — Good furnished rooms to let
reasonable.
THIRD. 404 — Nice sunny room to let.
THIRD, 644 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRTEENTH. 40— Unfurnished rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 242— Furnished rooms to let.
THIRTEENTH. 401 — Sunny room.
TREAT ave.. 1127 — FarnUshed room to let.
TURK. 121— Nicely furnished room.
TURK. 321 — Furnished rooms.
TURK. 404 — Nice, jranny, furnished rooms to
let. . •:;-
TURK. 721— Furnifhcd rooms.
TURK. 11C3— Sunny room to let.
TURK. 1218— Large furnished room.
______ •
TURK. 11C1— Rooms with board.
TURK. 2022— Furnished rooms. ' ..',.'."
TWELFTH." 540— Furnished sunny, room.
TWENTY- FIRST. S345-Large sunny front
room.
! ROOMS WANTEP.
WANTED — Furn. , room in exchange for music
lessons, piano, voice culture and theory, by a
teacher and composer of high ability; foreign:
only interested and faithful pupils should
answer this advertisement. Box 4361, _ Call.
COUPLE, no children, want by November 1 j
two or three furnished housekeeping rooms;
sunny, quiet, reasonable. Box 3707, Call. . i
WANTED — Room In private family. Address
541 First ave.
WANTED — Furnished rooms. Box 8476, Call
. office. • , ¦ ' •
_^TOJ^OEJL»PjyAjEHO^SES^^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods utored. moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phono Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Pri. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Mission Et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuse.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore «t.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
• St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWIITG MACHINES AITS 3UPP--3-
WE shall close our retail office at 300 Post
st. Nov. 1; we have a lot of new White
eewini machines that are slightly shopworn
that we shall positively sell at half price
or less before removal; our new retail office
Is located at 915 Market st. White Sewing
Machine Co. "
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. . Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
ALL kinds secom'-hand $3. X5. $8; slightly
used $10. $15. $20: you know where the dons
twlng In the window. 1051 Market st.
JTPgWMTEBS AOT 3TTf PIJE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec Co.. 508 Market.
_^^ XJSCKu^^
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIA VI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 282.
ASagssaiEirr ztotioes.
NOTICE — Taxes due upon assessments made
by the State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department. State of California.
Sacramento. October 11. 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section 3608 of
the Political Code, notice Is hereby given
that I have received from the State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
sessments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
State Beard of Equalization for the year
jyo* viz. :
Central Pacific Railway Company, South
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company. Carson and
Colorado Railway Company. California
Northwestern Railway Company (lessees or
tbe San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
way) Southern California Hallway Company
the AtcblBon, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company; North Shore Railroad Company
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company. Nevada
Count? Narrow Gauge Railroad Company,
Nevada-Californla-Oregon Railway Company
Elerra Valleys Railway Company. Alamedi
tnA San Joaquln R*"road Company, sierra
Railway Company of California, Gualala Mill
Company. Lake Tahoe Railway and Tran»-
portatloB Company. Boca and Loyalton Rall-
Joad Company; San Pedro. Los Angeles and
Bait Lake Railroad Company, and the Pull-
man Company.
. The State and county taxes on all per-
sonal property and one-half of the State
end county taxes on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on tbe last Monday in November next, at
tt o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto, a
per cent will be added to the amount there-
of and unless so paid on or before the last
Monday In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m ., an
additional 6 per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
The remaining one-half ot' the State and
county taaes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the first
Monday In January next, and will be delin-
quent on the last Monday in April next, at
«j o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the
Etate Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto,
6 per cent will be added - to the amount
thereof.
r . E. P. COLGAN. State Controller.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing' the materials for reconstructing
the south drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office
of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 5 p. m. of October 24, 1904. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by : a
certified check or bond of bidder. In favor of
the Regents of the University of California.
««iual to ten (10) per cent of his bid with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bid
be accepted, the bidder will duly enter. Into
a proper contract and give bond 'to perform .
faithfully the duty and obligations in ac-
cordance with said bid and with the, plans
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON, Acting Secretary.
BTTrrTUjRXtro ajto STAMaraBigo.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. tn.
MARRIAGE MCENSES.
' The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday. ¦ /
William J. Wilson 24, 1616 Church street,
and Catharine E. Wlnn. 20. 1616 Church st.
James A. Levensaler, 21, city, and Charlotte
D. Judson, 18, city.
Louis H. Bash. 32. Peorla. 111., and Bertha j
B Runkle, 20 New York City.
Albert L. Revert. 35. Tonopah, .Nov., and
Henrietta M. Bucking. 23. city.
Homer L. Huls, 20, Holllster, and Essie B.
Hardln. 20. Holllster.
Fred W. Lancaster. 30, 212 Townsend street,
and Tessle Clark, 21. Oakland.
Henry A. Bossert. 32, 931 Folsom street, and
Ida Bernstein, 23, 19O7V4 Dcvlsadero street.
Salvatore Dindia, 27. 12 Union place, and
Antonia Vallelunga. 18. 12 Union place.
Stephen F. Danove. 24. 23 Scott street, and
Linda Razzetta. 22, 310 Union street.
Clinton M. Smith. 21, 616% Natoma street,
and Julia J. de Stlegelerre,- 17. 8 Sunshine
court. *
H. Ray Fry, 23, San Jose.' and Edna I*.
MIlco. 24 city. -
Gaetano Ballstrlerl, 30 165 Bay street, and
Gluseppa Marano, 18, .165 Bay street.
Francis M. Williams 27. Point Arena, and
Mabel Ridgway. 21, Mariposa.
John T. 3Ieagher. 24. 1005 Mission street,
and Ella J. Williams. 20. Point Arena.
Frederick Stewart. 22, Blue Lake, and Qer-
tha L. March. 23. Vacaville.
Frank A. Nelson. 35. 681 Mission street and
Sarah F. Hamilton. 86. 681 Mission street..
Peter Henschel, 27, 943 McAllister street, and
Ida Kantrowltz. 20. 2704 Pine street.
Leon Fraysslnous. 22. 1871 Fifteenth avenue.
South San Francisco, and Anna Bichiscle 26,
city. : ¦'.;-¦;¦',
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices' sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the . publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- ¦
sons authorized to have the came published.
Notices restricted simply. to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. '
„„_ - ________ _ __
CHRIST— In this city, October, 13, 1904, ' to
the wife of William J. Christ, a son. .
CRAWFORD— In this city, October 15. 1904,' to
;the wife of H. F. : Crawford, a son.
ETTE — In this city, September 27. 1904, to
the wife of E.'; W..Ette. a son. ..-.; -
GALINDO— In this city. October 21. 1904. to
the wife of John , C. Galindo. a , daughter.
GENDERi-In- this city, October. 21, ; . 1904.; to
the wife of Louis Gender, a : son. ',
GEORGESON— In this • city. ; October 18.. 1901,
to the wife ¦ of James Georgeson. a son.
GOLDSMITH— In this city. October 20, 1904,
to the wife of M. F., Goldsmith, a - son." ¦
HEINZ^ — In this city. October, 1!). 1004, . to the
wife : of ; Edw. G.\ Heinz, a*, son . H£__S_S-ftCHffl
KERRIGAN — In this city. October 11 1904 "to
the wife of Frank W., Kerrigan, a daughter.
McDANIEL— In this city. October 14, 1 904, to'
the wife of Edwin H. McDanlel, a daughter.
McNULTY— In this . city. October : 17." 1904,Xto
the wife -of George H.vMcNulty,-; a eon;
M AGUIRE— In this city/ October 15 1904 '¦ to
. . the wife of; Phil Magulre,: a daughter." ¦-*..•„•¦
NOVOGRABLENOF— In '< this city ' October 18, T
. 1904, to the. wife of P. Novo'grablenof, : a
son. _ .
PHIPPS— In this city to the wife of C. J.
Phipps, .a daughter.
RAE— In this city. October 8, 1904, to the
wife of J. A. Rae.' a daughter. ' j
MARRIED.
ADAMS— GUMBEL— In this city. October 22.
1001, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Gustav,;
• Adams and Amalia Gumbel.
DA Y— SHEAN— In this city October 16. .1904.
by the Rev. J. B. Hanniga'n Eugene M. Day
and Mary M. Shean both o'f San Francisco.
GALE— KRAMER— In Berkeley. October 21,
1904, by the Rev. Freeman D. Bovard.
Harry Clifton Gale and Helen Kramer, both
of San Francisco.
HOLM— WACHER— In this city. October 22,
1904. by the Rev. Paul Branke, John Holm
and Alexandra Wacher both of this city.
KEMME— FALKENHAHN— In this city. Oc-
tober 15. 1904, by the Rev J. Fuendeling.
Peter William Kemme and Clara Falken-
hshn.
LAGAN — ALBRECHT — In this city. October
10, 1904. by. the Rev. James McDonald. In
St. Peter's Church, August Lagan and
, Emma Albrecht. /
OEHLERT— WHITE— In this city.' September
22, 1904. by the Rev. Father Newman of St.
Boniface's Church. Frederick J. Oehlert and
Jennie J. White, both of this city.
RANTZAU— PIKTSCH— In San Leandro, Octo-
ber 10. 1904. by the Rev. E E. Clark, Theo-
dore F. Rantzau of San Leandro and Hattle
P. Pietsch of Oakland.
SCHUBERT— BRUNS— In this city, October 19.
1904. by tha Rev. J. .Fuendeling. Charles
Edward . William Schubert and Emma Doro-
thea Bruns. - .
DIED. ~
Bach, Charles Herrln Michael
Bagge. Mrs. Horn. Frank J. .
Bayle, John Jennings. Annls
Bazzuro. Gluseppi Kecgan. Ed J.
Benjamin, Frances 1C. Kingston, James B.
Bermlngham, Flor- Knowles. Mary E.
ence T. Koehler. W. O.
Blakely. Alick Lacoote, Joseph .
Blethen. Constance Lagomarslno. Louisa
Bowman, Harriet S. Laux Mary . -.¦:¦"¦
Boyson, Matele Laws'on. Sarah J.
Brown. Frank V,-:. McLeod. Thomas R.
Campbell, . James Mapleston, Sarah F.
Carranza, Joseph Marlnelll Louis
Cesena, Adelbert R. Mlerau. Paullns
Cox. Mary A, Moyse, Estelle
Curren, Sister Mary • Nugent, Rev. Denis
Denehy. Joseph . O'Brien James G.
Denohue. Thomas Scott. Mary H.
Farrlngton. Ann Stierlin, Mrs. Clara
Goodstein. Mrs. Han- Waidellch Frank'
nan Wilson. Harry C.
Hallett. George H. Wimbley, John W.
Helm, John G. Zabrlekle Justine
i Hennessey, Elizabeth
BACH— In New York, October 18, 1904, *Charl«i
Bach of San Francisco. .
[C Funeral notice later.
BAGGE— In Elmhurst, October 22, 1904. Mrs.
Bagge, mother of John W.. William H. and
L. B. Bagge. Mrs. J. Allspaugh and Mrs.
George S. Rankln, aged 85 years.
C7Interment private.
BAYLE — In Reno. Nev.. October 21, 1904,
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Bayle, and father of Mra. C. Artlgues, Mrs.
L. Lacaze and Miss Catherine Bayle, and
fether-ln.law of Charles Artigues and Louis
Lacaze. and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
J. Barelllcs, and uncle ot Mrs. C. Barellles
of "West Berkeley, Mrs. L. Lombard of Ala-
meda and Neolle. Marie, Annie, Pierre and
. Veronica Barellles, and grandfather of John
L., Francine G., Joseph C. and Paul A.
Artlgues, a native of France, aged 63 years
1 month and 23 days.
lETFuneral notice hereafter. .":» '.-"="
BAZZURO— In this city. October 18. 1904.
Giuseppl. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Bazzuro, and lovins father of Anna Bazzuro,
and uncle of Lulgl Croce, a native of Italy,
aged 44 years 10 months and 9 days. '
(CVFrlends and acquaintances -xr» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 23, at 12:30 p. m., from his late
residence. 475 Filbert street, thence to Ma-
eonlc TemDle, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, where services will be held under the
auspices of Speranza Italian Lodge No.. 219,
F. and A. M. Interment Italian Cemetery.
BENJAMIN— Entered Into rest, in this city,
at her residence. 1213 Scott street, October
20, 1004. Frances M. Benjamin, widow of
the late W. K. Benjamin, and mother of
Mrs. D. N. Place and O. C. Benjamin, a
native of New York City, a«red 73 years 1
month and 6 days. (New York City and
Jersey City, N. J., papers please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen-ices
at 11 a. m. Sunday, October 23, at the cre-
matory chapel in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BERMINGHAM— In this city, October 21,
1004. Florence T. Bermlngham, dearly be-
loved wife of Thomas Bermlngham, and lov-
ing mother of James and Florence Bermlng-
ham, and beloved daughter of Mrs. A.
Nixon, and Elster of Mrs. James Helberg of
Jerome, Ariz., and Mrs. William Schultz, a
native of England, aged 42 years 9 months
and 11 days. :. .
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday)," at ' 1 p. -¦ m:; from her late ¦ resi-
dence, . 557 Grove »treet, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets, for
eervlces, commencing at 1 :30 p. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BLAKELY— In this city October 22. 1904,
Alick Blakely. beloved father of Mrs. W.
D. Scott, a native of Tennessee, aged 74
years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to at,tend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. rn., from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BLETHEN — In this city. October 21. 1904,
Constance Blethen, daughter of the late Cap-
tain James H. and Henrietta E. Blethen,
and sister of K. O. and James H. Blethen
Jr. and Mrs. James R. Dwyer, a native, of
San Francisco.
ICTFuneral eervlces Monday," October 24,
at 10 a. m., at the chapel of N. Gray & Co.,
353 Sutter etreet. Interment private.
BOWMAN — In this city, October 22, 1904. Har-
riet S. Bowman, beloved daughter of Thomas
and Catherine Bowman, and sister of Eliza
D.. Thomas M. and the late George S. Bow-
roan, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
years 8 months and 14 days.
BOYSON— In this city. October 22. 1904. Ma-
tele, _ beloved wife of John H.- Boyson, and
sister-in-law of Dr. Thomas Boyson, a native
of Iowa. . .
CCTKrlendg and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 a. m., from the family
residence, 094 Valencia street, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty- first. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BROWN— In the City and County Hospital,
October 22, 1904. Frank Brown, a native of
Missouri, aged 25 years.
CAMPBELL— In this oHy October 21, 1904,
James, dearly beloved brother of Delia,
Patrick. Mary and Annie Campbell and
Mrs. P. McDonald, a native of Ireland, aged
27 years. - _. ¦• .
E7Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:45 a. m.. from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services at
10:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A requiem high mass will be celebrated to- '
morrow. (Monday), at 9 a. m., for the repose
of his soul at St. Rose's Church.
CARRANZA— In this city, October 20, 1904,
Joseph Carranza, dearly beloved son of the
late Mr». Susan Carranza, and brother of
Caroline Carranza, a native of Mexico, aged
22 years 6 months and 1 day.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully^ Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m., from the parlors
of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, thence to 618 Broadway, . where
services will be held ¦ under the auspices of
Loyal Golden Gate Lodge No. 7189, I. O. O.
F. Interment Italian Cemetery.
CESENA— In this city, October 22. 1904 Adel-
bert Robert, beloved child of Sip and Eva
Cesena. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months.
COX— In this city, October 22. 1904. Mary A.,
loving: wife of W. C. Cox, and sister of
Mrs. Harry A. Gcrdes and the late George
.Ev- Walsh, a native of San Francisco.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect--
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 24. 1904. at 8:30 a. m.. from the
residence of her sister, Mrs. Harry A.
Gerdes, 1103 Oak street, thence - to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fell and FlUmore
streets, where. a solemn requiem- high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing; at 9 a. m. * Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. by carriage.
CURREN— In . this . city, October 21. . 1904.
Sister Mary Liba Curren of the Sisters of
Charity of the Blessed Virgin.
CX Friend* -and acquaintances are respect-
fully t- i n vl ted to attend the ¦ funeral - Monday,'
October 24, from St. Briic id's Church, where
, a solemn mass of requiem will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. "- > < . .
DENEHY — In this city, October 22 "-1004. Jo-
seph, Infant son; of John : P. and' Catherine
. De-nehy. a native ; of San . Francisco. •
DENOHUE— In *. this city. '. October 21. 1904,*
, Thomas, beloved husband "of Margaret Emma
Denohue. and father of Edward Denohue a.
native of ; London,' England, ¦* aged : 77 ¦ years. ,
E?Frlends and acquaintances are. respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Sunday),. at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of Me Avoy & Co.. 1230 ¦ Market street, ' near
Ninth, . to St. Joseph's Church - for
services - at 1 " p. m. Interment ; Holy Cross
Cemetery. :.
FARRINGTON— In this city, October 22. . 1904,
- at ' 58 - Converse ¦ street; Ann Farrlngto'n > be-
loved mother of Mrs. « M. Sullivan and 'John
. ¦ Farrington.'s and : grandmother of ; Annie and
; Kdward : Sullivan, ;: a • native, of County • Wex-
' ford" Ireland,: aged 60 years. .¦ . ' ¦;
GOODSTEIN— In this city. October 21, 1904.
Mrs. Hannah • Goodstein,-- beloved - mother of
:•• Mrs.V L.- Abrahams,'- Mrs.'- B. ;' * Lv .'Levy ¦ of
Spokane,': Wash., and Abraham, Charles and'
}' David ' Goodstein > of ~ Spokane, a' native of
' R"ypl n. Poland, i aged 81 , years.
,-. ';':" IC~ Funeral : mid -
HALLETT— Entered* Into' rest. In this city.
¦ October : 21." 1904, • George " H., I beloved ' hus-
band / of ;; Elizabeth - Hallett. : and .' father i of
: , William? H.' Hallett, a '.-¦ native : of Boston,
. Mass. - ' iljf If MfJfc m. IW^QjrimQmmElfBfif^ld
lETFriends are invited to attend the
funeral services ' Sunday, October 23. at _ 2
p. m., at the First Congregational Churcn,
corner Post _ and 'Mason streets. : Members
of Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. ¦ M., also
members of . the Society of Pioneers are in- ¦
vited to attend the' services. Remains at
the chaoel of N. Gray & Co.. 353 Sutter
. street. • .
HEIM— In this city, October 22, 1904. John G-,
beloved husband of the late Babette Helm,
father of Mrs. Katherine Hofstetter and Mrs.
Bertha Steiner. and brother of Mrs. John
Haussler, Mrs. John Bauer and John ami ¦
Jacob Helm, a native of Wurtemberg. Ger- |
many, aged 68 years 8 months and 26 days. \
.HENNESSEY— In this city, October 22. 1904,
Elizabeth, relict of the late William Hen-
nessey, a native of Ireland aged 70 yeara.
HERRIN— In the City* and County Hospital,
October 22, 19W, Michael Herrln, aged 60
years.
HORN— In this city. October 20, 1904, Frank
J. Horn, beloved husband of Frances J.
Horn, and father of Joseph F., William and
Elsie Horn. Mra. Marv L. Becker and the
late Mrs. Nest, and brother of M. Horn.
Mrs. James McCudden and Mrs. Lena
Brown, a native of Germany, aged 68 years
1 rnanth and 7 days. Grand treasurer of the
Grand Grove, U. A. O. D. : . a member of
Hesperian Grove No. 15, U. A. O. D. ; Hart-
nagel Chapter No. 3; Court Defiance No. 23.
. A. O. F-; Sotoyome -Tribe No. 12. Improved
Order of Red Men;. Boadicea Circle No. 3.
U. A. O. D., and Past Arch Association No.
1. U. A. O. D. (Washington, D. C, and
Vallejo, Cal., papers please copy.)
r7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at'12 o'clock, from his late residence. 1121*4
Folsom street, tbence to St. Boniface's
Church. Golden Gate avenue, for services,
commencing at 12:30 p. m., thence to Druids'
Hall, 413 Sutter street, where services will
be held under the auspices of the Grand
Grove of California, U. A. O. D., at 1 p.m.
JENNINGS— In this city. October 21. 1904.
Annie Jennings, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years.
KEEGAN— In this city. October 18. 1904. Ed
J. Keeean. a native of New York, a red 49
years and 6 months. -
IL7" Friends and acquaintances are Invited
to attend the funeral from the parlors of
Godeau & Co.,*' 810 Van Ness avenue, Sunday.
October 23. at 1 p. m.
KINGSTON— In Los Gatos, October 21, 1904,
James E.. beloved brother of Paul F. and
John H. • Kingston, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem mass will be, cele-
brated for the repose of' his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 a. m. • Interment Holy Cross Ceme.
tery by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
KNOWLES — In Oakland. October 21, 1904,
Mary Eaton, wife of the late Joslah N.
Knowles. a native of New Bedford, Mass.
(n5"Funeral services will be held Sunday
. afternoon, October 23, at 2 p. m.. .- 1 her
late home, corner of Jackson and Fifteenth
strests, Oakland. Interment private.
KOEHLER— In this city. October 21. 1904. "W.
G. Koehler. a native of Germany, aged 64
years. A member of the San Francisco Turn
Verein.
C Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of San Francisco Turn Verein are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Monday), at 2 p. m., from the San
Francisco Turner Hall. 353 Turk etreet,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the San Francisco Turn Verein. Re-
mains at the parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1209
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LACOSTE— In this city. October 22. 1904. Jo-
seph, dearly beloved father of Etta Lacoste
and Mrs. McCord. a native of France, aged
63 years.
E7Remalns at the parlors of J. S. Go-
deau & Co.. 810 Van Ness avenuo. Notice
of funeral hereafter.
LAGOMARSINO— In this city. October 20.
1904. Louisa, dearly beloved wife of J. B.
Ijagomarslno, and mothtr ot May, Rose.
Gforre. Leo, Fred, Adolph and Amelia
Lagomarslno. a native of Italy, aged - 47
j-fars 5 months and 11 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday) October 23. at 1 p. m.. from her
late residence. 161 Fourth avenue, near Cal-
ifornia street, thence to Corpus Christl
(Italian) Church, Five-Mile House. for
services, thence to Italian Cemetery.
LAUX— In San Jose. Cal.. October. 20, 1904,
Mary Laux, sister of Barbara Laux and the
late Mrs. Clara Stlerlln. a native of Bechen.
helm. Germany, aged 88 years.
LAWSON — In this city, October 22. 1904. Sa-
rah Jane Lawson. beloved mother of Wil-
liam. Robert and James Henry Lawson, a
native of England, aged 55 years.
McLEOD — In this city. October 22, 1904,
Thomas R.. beloved husband of Isabell J.
McLeod,, and father of Fred O. and George
R. McLeod, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
61 years 1 month and 19 days. 1
(ETFrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. October 25. 1904. at 1:30 p. m., at
Trinity Presbyterian ¦ Church, corner of
Twenty-third and Capp streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers. .
MAPLESTON— In this city. October 21. 1904.
Sarah F. Mapleston. beloved wife of R. S.
Mapleston. a native of Boston, Mass.. aged
C5 years and 6 months.
MARINELLI— In this city. October 21. 1904,
Louis, beloved son of Antona and FllOmena
Marlnelll, and brother, of Catherine Marl -
nelli, a native of San Francisco, aged 3
months and 5 days. .
(CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m.. from the parents' rest-
dence, 18% Ringold street, between Folsom
and Harrison. Eighth and Ninth. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery.
MIERAU— In this city, October 22. 1904, Paul-
ine, beloved daughter of Edith and Paul
Mlerau, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 26 days.
MOYSE— In this city, October 21. 1904 Es-
telle Moyse. beloved wife of Jules Moyse.
mother of Gertie,! Joe. Ruth and Ralph
Moyse. beloved daughter of Mrs. R. Levy,
and sister of Alfred, Bertha, Alexander and
Gus Levy, a native of San Francisco, aged
43 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 10 a. m., from her late residence, 1538
Ellis street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
NUGENT — The anniversary solemn requiem
mass for t*»e reoose of the soul of the late
Rev. Denis -NuKent will be celebrated in St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, on Monday, October 24,
commencing at 10 a. m. The. reverend clergy
and friendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend.
O'BRIEN— In this- city, October 20. 1904,
James G., dearly beloved son of th» late
Catherine and Michael O'Brien, and beloved
brother of A. O'Brien. Mrs. L. H. Cosper.
Mrs. F. Terry and Mrs. E. E. Cosper of
Manila. P. I., and the late Mrs. C.J. Smith,
a native of San Francisco, aged 19 years.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from his late resi-
dence. 1646 Hyde street, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, for services. Interment "Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCOTT— In this city, October 22. 1904, at the
residence of her son. Nineteenth and Mission
streets, Mary HopkinsScott wife of the late
George L. Scott of Darlington, Md., aged 70
years 1 month and 14 days. (Baltimore pa-
pers please copy.) «
C7" Interment Darlington, Md.
STIERLIN — In this city. October 21 '1904
Mrs." Clara Stlerlln, dearly beloved mother
of H. J. ¦ and Margaret C. C. Stierlin. Mrs.
August Schaefer and Mrs. Fred Jansen of
San Jose. Cal.. and sister of Barbara Laux
and the late Mary Laux. a native of Bech-
enheim. Germany, aged 69 years 11 months
and 10 days. (San Jose, Cal.. papers please
copy.)
ICT The. funeral will take placs to-morrow
(Monday), from her late residence, 237 Ala-
meda avenue, San Jose. Cal. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
WAIDELICH— In this city. October 22 1904
Frank, dearly beloved eon of Christian an<i
„ Louise Waldelich. and loving brother "of Mrs
J. G. Neubauer. Mrs. Fred Walpert and
Fred. Harry and Chris "Waldellch, a native
of San Francisco aged 21 years and 1 month.
(Chicago. 1 111., and Los Angeles Cal., papers
please copy.) "*."
• CTFrlends and acquaintances are resneet-
'""yjnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlom nt
H. F.Suhr& Co.. 1137 Mission streM be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I O
• O. F. Cemetery.
In this city. October 21 Ifto4
Harry C. dearly beloved husband of Llliie
Wilson.', and soiv of Harry. Wilson of Vallejo
and the- late Mrs. Wilson, a native i?
Vallejo. Cal.. aged 32 years 1 month Tand 15
days.- <Petaluma and • Vallejo papers please
(ETRemalns at the parlors of J. C. 0*Con-
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
"..' (Successors toFlannagan & Gallaicher>
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. <Mgf *'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEP9
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln - School.
Telephone South 80.
UNIT ED UNDERTAKERS'
— ——Funeral Directors and - Embalmers— — —
. Formerly In Metropolitan Temple
NOW ' at 866 MISSION. . Tel. V- South 167
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at*
. Finest Equipments at Moderate . Rates. ;
..James McGinn; ¦ -Henry Hanaen^™"
, JAMES MCGINN & CO. •
. Formerly, With McGinn Bros
— Funeral Directors i and y!mhai m '.--
214 Eddy, st. Tel. - South . 576. ..
F. . J. Monahan. . Manager. Tel. Mission * 31
MONAHAN, --.pfflARA^ CO;
FUNERAL: DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
2339-2341 Mission ¦ et.; near ; Nineteenth. '
; San. Francisco.' "¦' v BAGS— Grain Bags, $5@6 25; ¦' San -Quentln,
$4 50; Wool Bags 30#32c: Fleece. Twine, 7%c:
Fruit . Bsrs. 6\i&I*Ae * for white and 7c . . for
browns Jute. l-'--^ ;•—¦«. -~ *-!-• • :¦-- • :•.-„. ¦
¦-¦'- COAL— Wellington,' 'i $8 ; per ton; ¦¦¦¦ New i Wel
lington.'- $8 ; • Seattle $6 60: -~ Bryant ¦? $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 60: f Roslyn. . $7: =Cooi s Bay,
$5 50; Richmond. $7 60; Cumberland, $13 In
bulk aad$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An.
thractte Egg, $14 ; Welsh Anthracite Egg; $13;
General -: Merchandise.
'KANSAS " CITY. " Oct. 22.— CATTLE— R».
eel pts, 1000. Steady. A Native 1 « steera.i $4©C 40
native cows and heifers, $l'!KH?-t 50; Btockers
and .feeders. -$2 25®4 25: ,.-»bulls;'$l-75a!3-25
calves, $2 60©6: Eastern steers, $3@4 CO; West
ern COWfi, ?1 S0l53 60. . '¦¦.•, '¦'¦ :v ¦-";¦.
HOGB— Receipts, . 2000. l Five ' cents " higher
Bulk ' of ! sales, ¦¦¦ $5@5 30. ¦ Heavy,- $5 ¦3p@5 401
packers, ' $6 10@5 30; : plg» and :, lights,' $4 76i&
5 20. .. ."....'..'¦. ' .; . , . ..- ¦ f ... 7 v
-CHICAGO. Oct. , 22. r- CATTLE— Receipts,
600. Steady. - Good «. to prime '. steers,' $5 76®7 ;
poor f to ! mectlam, . ' $3 R0©5 25 ; v stickers ' and
feeders. $2®4: j oows. i$2 60®4 50; ; heifers.' $2©
5; canners, $li 25^2; bulls, $1 75®4 25; calves,
$3®7; Texas fed steers, $4 COO'S 80; Western
steers. $3 50® 5 80.
HOGS— Receipt*, i 8000; Monday, ; 25,000
BtronR, to Be ' higher. ' Mixed and butchers' '¦
$4 00(35 50; good to choice heavy, , $5 30(35 CO
roughs heavy. $4 70®5 15; light. $4 90©5 40;
bulk of sales, $8®5 30. • , . . %:.¦
. SHEEP — Receipts, 1 , 8000. . ; Sheep and - lamb»r
steady. Goo* .to choice w.ethers,' S3 75@4 40
fair to choice nixed. , $S0S C0;-We«tern sheep
$304 j native .Iambi,- $3 ,60^5 85; Western
lambs, $4®5 65# ;.".,. ¦'•:., .^:,'. *...;, ; ,.;
V ' «..- v ¦¦.'• Kanens ; City. : '¦..¦•;. "¦:~a--''^'-': :
Chlcaco.
CATTIvE, SHEEP ANT> HOGS.
Choice: table Grapes, were wanted yesterday
for shipment on the Puget Sound steamer and
the best -'. offering* at all varieties in < crates
cleaned up prom»ly for that purpose at 60^
86c. with . occasional lots of some varieties
bringing a small premium. Large consign
menu of fine crated stock came to hand late
In the day and had to be held over. Offerings,
of open boxes were liberal and Included sev
eral large : shipments that arrived late on Fri
day,. Prices were well maintained, however,
and' some favored brands of the Muscat va
riety from Martinez sold up to |2 per box In
a 1 small way. Wine Grapes were firm for good
stock. " whllejHior ana leaking lots dragged at
irregular prlfea. Apples were In free supply
and. although trade was active, the market
had an easy tone. Two cars of fancy Oregon'
stock were marketed and four more cars were
reported close at hand. - Figs were 'scarce and
firm, boxes from Sonoma selling at $1 and
crates from Martinez at $1 60 each. Th»
other orchard fruits /were In good request at
previous prices. Citrus fruits were moderately
active and all descriptions were reported firm.
Raspberries and the Cheney variety of Straw
berries had a wide range, as most of Friday's
belated arrivals were still on hand. Attractive
lots of all varieties of Strawberries sold readily
enough at good prices. '
( STRAWBERRIES— 19@12 per - chest for
Longworths, 81 60@4 for Mallndas and |3@«5
for Cheneyi.
RASPBERRIES— «3®5 per chest. '- -«•
HUCKLEBERRIES—8©9c per lb
CRANBERRIES— $1 50@2 25 per box for
Coos Bay and S7 6O@8 for Cape Cod. .--.-¦
APPLES — $1@1 25 for fancy, 76@90c for
choice and 4Of?65c for common.
PEARS— Winter ' Nellls,' $1<8)1 25 per box:
cooking 'varieties,- 35@60o per box.
PLUMS-i*0®65c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 6O@85c- per box. »
. POMEGRANATES — 40@«0c for small and
$1@1 7S for large boxes.
ouiNCES — 25®40c per . box ' • ' ¦
FIGS— $1@1 60 per box. - . . N - .
i MELONS— Cantaloupes, nominal; Nutmeg
Melons, 20@50c per box; Watermelons. $102
per dozen.' '
GRAPES— Table varieties, eofiSSc for
crates. 23@40o for small boxes and 75c®$I 60
for open boxes; Wine Grapes, S13@22.per ton
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, 83®4 per
box for Valencia*; ' Lemons. . $2 60@3 for
fancy. 81-7502 25 for choice and 91 2501 50
for standards; -Grape Fruit, 82 60@3- Mexi
can Limes. $404 50 per case; Bananas $2@3
per bunch tor Central American and 75cS$2
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, ¦•¦ $1 76®2 «
dozen. ' > - «¦«¦ ' •' -¦•<•.•,.• .¦ - ...
Dried Frnlts, Nnts, Raisins, Honey.
Slight In Peaches and Nectarines
will b« observed, and berth Fruits are espe
cially firm., , TJje , elow improvement Jn- Prunes
continues and estimates ; of this year's crop
are steadily being .reduced. A broker's wire
from New York yesterday said: /'Prunes on
the, spot are scarce, and there -Is much com
plaint of delayed shipments from -the Coast.
Department stores here are featuring . Prunes
offering 80s at retail at Sc and 90s at 2»ic per
lb; a heavy Increase In consumption ie expect,
ed to' result." r .
The market, continues liberally supplied with
Nevada Honey.- which is slow, of sale. ~- ¦-
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7%@10o for
Royals and 9012c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
6%©7%c for White and 6%@7o for Red;
Peaches, 7%@8%c - per 1b; Pears, 7@12c:
Plum*, pitted, 6®6%o for black. 8@8%o
for red and 708%c for yellow; Figs, 2-crown
bricks. 60c: 8-crown. 65c; 4-crown. 60c; 6
crown. .660; bulk white, 2%®3c; black, 3%o.
.Evaporated Apples 6% ©7e per lb. . ..
PRUNES— 1%©1%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2 Vie basis for the larg« sizes..
RAISINS— 1904 cropf. o. b. Fresno— Im
perial clusters. $2 2502 60; Dehesa, $1 85©2:
: London Layers. 80c® $1; Loose Muscatels 4
crown, .;4®4%c;8-crown 3%@3%c; 2-crown.
3@3%c; Seedless. 2%©2%c: Floated. 3c; SeedU
ed, 4@6%c: Thompson's Seedless, 4%c; Seed
tess Sultanas. 3%©3%e per lb. ¦¦? /
NUTS-^-New Walnuts, No. 1 softshell 12®
12%c: No. 2. 10®10%c: No. 1 hardaheil' 12<~
No 2 10C;. Almonds, 16®1 7c for Nonparlels
14©14%c for I X L. l3@14c for Ne Plus Ultra
and . lie ¦ for " Languedoc; Peanuts. y 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans 11013c; Cocoanuta, 84 50S3-
Chestnuts 10@16o per lb,^ . ¦¦¦¦*;TrJ
HONEY— Comb. ll%@13c for white and 109
Uo for amber; .water white extracted. Sun
•6c: light: amber; extracted. 6Q5%c; dark. 55
4V.C . r' ¦*
BEESWAX— 27C29o per lb.
— , Provisions. •
No further cut ! In Hams. Bacon ' and Lard
was reported yesterday, but the war between
the Chicago houses was still on and the local
houses -had to follow them down.- >¦¦-.:
CURED MEATS — Bacon. lie per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. 13%c for light.
14@1 4%c for extra light . and 16c for sugar
cured; dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie;
Eastern ' sugar-cured Hams, 13c; . Califor
nia Hams, 12% c; Mess Beef. $10@10 60 per
.bbl; extra Meas.. $10 50@ll: Family. $12@12 50
prime " Mess Pork. $14 60 ; extra clear. $23:
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork..IQ%c ; pig pork -
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked" Beef. 14c per lb '
. LARD— Tierces quoted at U%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9@9%c for. pure; half. barrels, pure, 9%®
0%o; 10-lb tins. 10%c: 6-lb.tins, 10%«; 8-lb
tins, 10%c. ¦•'",'• <
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. . SHc,- three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces
8%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb. . '
Hides, Tallow, -Wool and Hops.' . .
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@le under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. I6%<5! medium., 0%c; light 9c; Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9q. for light; Stags,
7c; Salted Kip. 10c: Salted Veal, lie; Salted
Calf. 11 %c: dry Hides. 16%©17c : dry Kip 13»
14c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 239
40c each: short' Wool. 1 4M@U5c *ach; .medium
75@00c; king Wool. $1©1 30; Horae Hide*,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2@2 60 for medium.
.$150©2 for small and 60c for , Colts;: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 forlarge and $1 CO for me
dium, $1 .for small and 60c for Colts.'
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, - UOc; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30c; Goat
SKins— Prime Angoras. 73e; extra large do.
$1<^5: large.- BOc; medium. 35c: small 20c" ' ¦
TALLO>Y— No. i- . rendered. 4©4 %o . per lbY
No' 2, 3%c: Grease. 2%®3c. . •
1 WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln and South.'
ern - 8@llc: Southern. 8@9c : Southern Moun
tain. 0®llc; Middle Counties, free, 12014c:
do, defective. 10012c; Northern free;" 12§14 C 
do defective, 10®12c;^Humboldt and Mendo
cino •: 14O15c Per lb.' ... •• ' ,
.. HOPS— 1904 crop. . 26®31c per lb. '
•;.". V Meat Market. .
All quotations remain as befort. .
:!» DRESSED i MEATS. , - ,
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are- as follows :•¦•; " ' . • -*.;,";.
¦ -BEEF — 6#7c ' for '. Steers ' and - 4@3c per lb
VEAL- : -Large.'6"%©7%c: small.' 7®9c per In.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7$7%c; Cwn, 6®7c per
1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 m ii 1 11N mnnuxgi jjj 1 m ij u iivm bw*iW!mmi1
- LAMB-r8©0c; per ; -lb; %¦"¦-¦¦¦ ¦ -.
PORK— Dressed Hogs,6®8e per lb^ - :
- :, /LIVESTOCK MARKET.
' The following quotations are , for good, sound ,
Livestock delivered in San ' Francisco.' less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for 'Cattle: • - - -
- CATTLE— Steers. 7Vi@7%c: Cows and Helf
ers.-5%e6%c; thin Cows. ,4©5o per lb.-
. CALVES— 4©4%o per 1 lb (gross weight). ..
•;: SHEEP— Wethers, 3%g3»ic: Ewes. 3G3Vio
per.'lbe (gross: weight) ,• ¦- : ' -
LAMES— $2 60(32 75. per, bead.
1 0 HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs." 4%e:
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c;.. 130 lbs • and under. 4%e:
' over ; 260V lbs, • 4%c; - soft Hogs. - not .« wanted ;
Bows, SO per cent oft; Boars. 60 per cent, oft, 1
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota*
tiona, -.••;"¦"-' '¦.,'-•>, ...:¦< .' ¦ ¦¦ - ¦.¦; ' ."•
KEW TORK. Oct. 22.— Close: Money on
call, nominal; no loans; time" loans, steady;
sixty days, 8 per cent; ninety days and six
months, 3%&3%.
Prime mercantile paper, <QS per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills at S4.S6 for demand and at
S4.&375 for Bixty day bills; posted rates.
U i-4% and $4 fc6%Q4 S7; commercial biUs,
S4 £3@4 63%.
Bar silver. 5S%c
Mexican dollar e, 46% c.
Government bonds, steady: railroad bonds
firm. , ;¦'.
New York Stock ZMU
E. ,F. Ifutton &. Co.. 490 California street,
Ban Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations of that Exchange :
tales. Stocks— High Low. Bid.! Ask.
94.000 Amal« Copper... 63 64% 67% ~«7%
....... Amer Can Co 6% 6%
Do pfd 48% 48%
«00 Am Car A Fdry. 26% 26% 2tJu. 2t>'4
800] Do pfd 85fc 83- S5' 85%
Amer Chicle 101 105
Do pfd 90 03
900 Amer Cotton Oil. 83 82 32, S3
Do pfd 82
jAmer Diet Tel 26 28
JAmer Ex 200 209%
(Am Grass Twine 7% gli
Soo; Am Hide A Leath. 66% 65% 65% 66
.......1 Do pfd 22 23
700'AinerIee 8% 8U 8 8%
1700 Do pfd 88% 37% 37 38%
....... I Amer Unseed 14 is
j Do pfd 86% 38
2JO0'Am Locomotive.. 23% 29U 29li 29%
2,000. Do pfd lOOVi 99% 99% 100%
400 Amer Malt...... 6% 5% 6% 4%
800 Do pfd...^ 23% 23 22% 23%
119,700 Am Smelt A Ref 7*>% e8% 70% 70%
2.100 Do pfd ill HO lii2 111%
4.S0O Amer Sugrar 137U 136^ 136% 136%
.- Do pfd 1S3 136
:- Am Tel & Tel 144 145
, 100 Amer Tcbaeco... 145% 145% 144% 145U
600| Amer Woolen.... 18% 18% 18 18%
1 D»*pfd 82 85
400 Anaconda 99 99 98 99%
Ann. Arbor.... 30 32%
Do pfd 60 0*
lSz.OOOiA, T A Santa F W% 86% 6«% 8ti%
600| Do pfd 102$ 101% 101% 101%
8,100 Bait & Ohio.... 95% 94% 96 95>2
...:... Do pfd 90 96%
Bay State Gas i< i
20,300 B R T 69% 68% 68% «S%
....-...'Brooklyn Un Gas 226 227
Brunswick DAI 8 9
... Butterick Co ;, 60 61
1,000 Canada South... 68% 68 68% G9
7.000.Cana<Jlan Pac... 1S5 183% 134% 135
2U.SO0JC & 0 46% 45% 46^ 46%
100 Ct A 35 38 39 39%
Do pfd SO 63
C & E I pfd 130 145
C I A L pfd 80 90
rs.sooc a a w.r — 24% 22% 23% 24
100J- D» pfd A 62% 62% C2 C3%
L600 1» prd B 83% 8S 83% 34 "
800 Do deb? S6 65 86 SC%
J,7(X)C A N W 19S% 105% 19S 193%
»,200C. M A 3t P.*.. 172% 170% 170% 171 Vi
Do pfd ............... 183 1S3%
7B,'J00.C It I A P tnew) S2% 22 32 32%
8,100 \' lx> pfd 74% 73% 73% 74
Do 4s 78 78%
....... !Chl Terminal 7% 8
U00\ Do pfd 17 16% '10% 17%
tioo Chicaeo Un Trac 7^4 7 7U .Tku
C C C A Et L. ..... : 85 85U
Do pfd V 110 .....
.;...'.. Cleve Lor & -W. 70 - 70
1 Do pfd ;. 85 100
0,2t>OColo Fuel A I.. 41 40 40% 41
%\Vj\ Do pfd ...;... C7 «7 O> 75
lVQCc\ Hock C & I. 13% 13% 13% 14»4
4,t«iO.Cclo Southern. .. 23% 23 •• 23% 23%
- «C0l Dalit pfd.:.. 65 - 55 - 65'. S5U
4.3<>0 Do 2d pM..... 30?; 29% 30« 30%
i,500 ! Cotw.oli<late<l Gas 218% 215% 215% 216
JTuO'Cont Tob CO pfd 124 124^* 123 124%
PrwlucU .. 17% 17^ 17% 18 ?.
COO; I>O pf<I t0*i 76 75 7<J>A
7.aw|Dt:l & IIud»on.*>179 177 178%I179 -
30i;D I- & W. ......1295 205 294 . 295
itX/'D & R G .,. 81 »,f 31 8HI Sl%
l'.4O8{ Uo.pfd 84% 83% h3% U •
•jooncs M & Ft D.. 20 - 20 26% 28%
409 Detroit Un Ry.- 75% 76 74% 75
1 *«¥»jix.tron £o '.-. 4%. 4% 4% 4?;
1,800 Do pfd ....... 9% 8 7 7%
."Diamond Match. 134 140
"2 COO Distil Securities 83% 34 S4'4.
...I Do'Bonds .... ..;.. . 74 74%
" ' . SOOlDu'.Uth 6 S & A. 12 I1T4 12 isU
200; DO pfd 13»iJ 101i ia% 10%
177.wx>lEr> ........... x»%\.XK S»T* :; 3 {;
lOlOflj I>O 1st pfJ 74>;(-73% 74 74%
4 300 ' Do 2d pfd....:j M% 62,- S3% 63%
m A T'H....... •...¦ -.... T>* <Hl
'"".'.A Do pfd ......-] I....VJ 75 SO
" • ,!O>neral Ch?m. ..J.....1 48^ M
""soo'Genera! Rlectr1cil77 (176% K7 1177%
<Gt North pM...!...'.. j...:. 1ST % 192
*"/;;'|Or*en CoWOop.n..V.|..... 20^{| 20%
Gas Con A. 18% 19%| NR InC pfd. 61% *2».;
Hono P Co.. — 27 [ Do com ... 12% —
Do pool .. — 27 (
SALES.
Morning, Session.
Board —
60 Northern Cal Power Co. ....... & 73
60 Northern Cal Power Co 9 6*>
100 U Ry Inv Co.. pfd 61 5O
$5,000 Standard Electric 5a, b 10.... 8» 50
$44,000 United R R of S F 4» 85 12%"
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma «O
Apollo .";• 40
Associated Trust Cert 23 24
Aztec «O 73
California Standard ......... ltt
Caribou 6 00 9 00
Ontral Point Con • CO • 64
Chicago Crude > 18 19
Claremont '.. 75 .....
Four ....'. ,.... 6" . 5S
Home OZ\% 1 05
Imperial- , 17 00
Independence 27 -
K«rn River -. - - 11. OO
Monarch (of Arizona) 15 ,23
Occidental of W. Va 34 49 -
OU City Petroleum..; 57 58
Reed Crude / 1 «©
Senator TO 75
Sovereign '.... x . 33 :t5
Sterling 2 6O
Toltec ...4.....' 18 19
Twenty-Eight... 9 75 10 00
Miscellaneous —
Arby Land. and Improvement 1 0& 1 40 .
; Cat Jockey Club 112 6o
Gas Consumers' Association. ..... 2U 25-
Northern Cal. Power » 25
Trucke» Electric U 75 13 W'
SALES.
Morning Suasion. /
200 Apollo ..- ••'•> *0
100 Aztec «»
. 50t> Oil City Petroleum ; 57
200 Occidental *...'. *
1150 Associated Oil 24
200 Wolverine ." '. 40
3Unins Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
* Following were tha sales on the San Fran*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ¦'
Morning Session — Comstocka.
300 Caledonia ... 401 SOO Ophlr ....... .2 'J5
400 Challenge Con 20| 700 Overman 14
- 50 Con C & Va.l 401 600 Potoal H
100 Crown Pfint. lo 100 Sierra Ner .. 2S
100 Mexican 1 10J 200 Yellow Jacket. 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 15 17 Julia Ott OS
Alta 04 C6 Justice C6 OS
Andes 24 25 Kentuck 03 03
Belcher 28 "'•> Lady Wash .. 0- (A,
Best A Belchl 15 1 20 Mexican 1 10 1 2O
Bullion 20 21! Occidental ... 74 . 75
Caledonia ... 40 4li Ophlr 2 25 »-3O
Challenge Con 19 20! Overman 14 15
Chollar IS 19 1 Potosi 13 15
Confidence... 85 901 Scorpion 08 OS
Con C & Va.l 35 1 40 Savage 29 30
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher .. 0T 09
Con N T .... 03 05 Sierra Ner .. 27 2.1
Crown Point. 09 11 Silver Hill .. 50 ¦ 04
East Sierra N 03 Oti! St Louis .... 07 09
Eureka Con.. — BOt Syndicate .... 03 OS
Exchequer •• 45 50* Union Con .. 39 40
Gould A Cur. 18 17'Utah 09 10
Hale te. Norc 59 61! Yellow Jacket 19 20
TONOPAH AND GOLDFTELD STQCKa
<¦':.- . Morning Session.
200 Ton of Nev..9 75: 200 Ton Belmoat. 63
100 Mont Ton..l 07%T 500 Ton Ohio .... 30
' 200 Ton Midway.. 4oi 500 R«scu* 11
.400 Ton Belmont. 6SI SCO Jumbo «a
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopaa.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask/
Ton of Ker.9 75 10 50 Re«cu» 11 13
Mont Ton ...1 95 2 00 Ray A O'Brien — M
Ton Exten ..I 66 — Paymastr 09 04
McXamara .. 2S 23 Uttle Ton.... 20 —
Ton Midway.. 39 40 Esperans* ... 01 63
Ton Belmont. 67 70 Gold Anchor. 20 —
Ton N Star.. 19 — Quiney 11 —
West End ... — IS N Y Ton .... — 10
Ton Gold M. 18 15
Goldfleld.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Sandstorm .. — 25? Gold Mohawk. 19 —
Red Top .... — 17iJ,umbo 49^ —
' TONOPAH MININO v EXCHA2raE.
Following were the sales on the Ban Fraa
cUco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnu Session.
40O Cen Eurekal 82% -100 Red Tup- .... -13
200 Cent Eureka. 1 S5( 111 Rescue j©
SCO Cent Eureka.l 30 100 Rescua n'
100 Golrtfleld .... 64 2300 Ton Belmont. «9
1000 Jumbo ...... 49 600 Ton Belmont.. TO
2400 MacXaraara . 26 2000 Ton Gold M. 1?
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
; Adams Gold.. — 10 Mont Ton..l 92% 1 95.
Black Ant*... — 10 NY Ton .... ~ 03*
Black Butt». 23 — Paymaster ... 08 # 04
' Blue Bull .. 28 — Pine Grove ..11 —
Booth 10 — O/alncy ...... u , __
Dlamondneld . B0 — Ray Exten . . * — OS
Enperanza ... 01 OC Ray A O'Brien 08 ..
Gold *Aachor. 14 25' Ray Tonooab.. — ' 14
Goldfleld B B. — 2«> Red Top 14 15
Ooldfleld Bull — 141 Rescue, 10 lj
Goldfleld Dta. . — 20| Sandstwrm ... 20 — .
Goldfleld Ney 00 54 Too Belmont. 63 7«
Ooldfleld Sll.. — lSfTon A Cal... — 20
Goldfleld Ton. 11 —I Ton Exten.... 2 00 — /
Gold M Con. — 02fTon A (i W. . 01 ' 02
Haxel KlTk.. — ¦ 12! Ton Gold it. 17 IV
Jim Butler... — 89'Ton Midway.. 38 3D
Jumbo -. 49 BOITon of Nev.9 75 9 37%
Jumbo Ex... .— 21 Ton- N Star...— 2C
Little Ton ..28 —Utopia 10 — ,
Lucky Tom.. 03 06,We«t End.... 10 . -~
MacNamara . 29 271
UNITED STATES BONDS..
Bid.. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.:106%106 7 ,B 4s qr cp new. — 132ii
4s qr reg.:.10C%10€% 3s qr coup..,104%10«
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — Oak T Co to. — 121%
Asso Oil 5s. 79 — Do 5s 112 113
Bay CPC 5s. — 102 - Do con 5s.lO3&
Cal C G Sa.102% — Oceanic S 5s. — 65
Cat G & E g Om Cable ffs.120% —
m & ct 6s. — 81% Pac G Im 4s. — .97
Cal-st C'6s.ll2% — P E Ry 6s.. 105U
C C Wat 5s. 98 — P i°C H, 6a.lO4 —
EdL & P 6S.125 — P A O R 6s.ll4%115
r*CH6i- -• Powell. st • 6a. — —
Geary-st 5s.: 60 — Sac EG&R5s.l01 —
H CAS 5%8.105 — SF & SJVSs.llSU —
Do 5s 09%100 Sierra R'6s.. — —
Hon R T 6s:i07% — S P of ,A 6e
L A Elec 6s. — 103% (1900) 108% _ .
L A Ry 6s.. 118 — (1910) .....108% —
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C to
Do gtd 6s. — — (1906) Sr A. 101 101%
Do gtd 6s.l01 103% (19O5)Sr B.100% —
LAP lem 5s.lO2 — (1906) .....104U —
Mkt-st C 63.H6 — O912) 113% —
Dr lcm 5s.llfl — . SPC 1 eg 6a.ll7% —
MV& MtT5s.lO7 .112 Do stampd.110 110%
NRR of C6s.l0fi 100% S P B R 6s. 133 —
i Do 6s 118% — B V Wat Cs-104S4104%
N P C R 68.107 — Do 4s 2djn.l01% —
N C Ry 6s.. — 112 Do 4s Sdm. 90% — .
NCPC5S.— 99 Dog mtg4« 09 —
N S R R Ss.101 % — Stkn Q&VXa. 93 —
O GL&H 5«. — 110« U O & E 6s.lO2% —
O W gtd 6s. — - 100 I .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — .36 jPort Costa... — —
Marln Co....— 60 |8 V Wat Co. 39% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC. .
Cent LAP. 3% 3%|S F O * B. 57Vi 67%
Mutual EL.— 12 Stkn G & E. — 5%
Pao L Co... 60% 60%|U G & E Co. — ' — .
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am NtV Bit.. — 130 ILPft A.... 150 - —
Anarlo-Cal .. 86 — I Mer Trust.... — 233
Bank of Cal.423%430 IMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. — ¦ 150. iS F Nationl. — —
First Nation! — — I ' '
:-.,; . SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 , — - Sar A L So.. — 100
Hum S~& L. — ¦ — Sec Sav Bk.. — >. . 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 Union T Co.. — n —
S F Sav U. 615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California v; . — 109 "I Presidio ..... S3 4»
Geary ...... — 40 J
POWDER.
Giant :.:...— "64 tvigorit ...*.— S%
SUGAR. „ , .
Hawaiian C. — " — Makawell C. 28H 28%
Honokaa S C 14% 15% Onomea 8 C. — S»li
Hutch 3 P C 0% 10U Paauhau S C 14% 15
Kllauta S C. 8 ¦: — ; | • -.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska- P; A.103 104 Oceanic 8 Co. 3% 4
Cal. F C A. 03 1C0 Pas Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 80 " 82 Pac C Borx.156 157%
MV&^MtTm. — 105 l?ac S Tel Co.113 114
SALES. " ¦
Morning 8essioa.
Board — .
B Alaska Packsrs' Asun ....... .103 50
, . 30 Alaska Packers' Assn ' 103 0O
I •¦'.'. : 15 Alaska' Packers' Assn ' i(y% 75
15 'Alaska Packers' Assn ........104 00
150 Oceanic 8 S Co 350
245 S F Gas &' Electric... ....... 67 00 ¦
15 8 F Om 1 Electric 67 12Vl'.
:5 8;F-Gas A Electric.... 57 25
. : ., Street v •- ¦. -.-..•.., I
';'¦ 200 Paauhau S P Co ¦'. 15 00 '
$3,000 Hawaiian Com A Saga r 6a.. 100 00
$5,C0O Spring Valley 6 per cent.... ..104 62U
$10,000 S V W Co gen mtge 4 per cent, 9e Oo
Unlisted Sectiritlesi. -
. MISCELLANEOUS I BONDS.
¦'/::"-,: Bid. Ask. I -- . Bid A , k
Bar CPC 8s. — 103 - is • P. C .R 4s; " »8 ¦ IQzU
B L Wat ««.,— "4%jS.P Co 4%,.101H102 *
Cal NW 5«..112 . — ISun Tel B«...ll.1 _I
M C Wat 58.100 . Do 6« ..;.10B —
Ris 1 WkaBs — 105 . Suttr.st 'R58.104 ->
SF Drdk 6s.ll2 — UR.of SF 4», 84% skl:
SF & NP 68.112 — • ¦ n *°*
y MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.".\ — . 27 |LonA SFBk.'— bo",
Amer Bis Co — 90 IMatNav Co. 60 — .
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Ner Nat Bk.195 - —
Cal G&ECor. 48 50 N8H.RCo...9« _
C Jockey Cl. — " 112% N Ca! P Co. 9« ff\i
Cal ; Powder.180 . 145 .- OaJc Bk 8ay.l20 ¦ A -
Cal Ship Co. — -21 ; OakT Con.*. 75 —
Cal T I A T. v — ' 155 IOOF Hall'A 8% — . '
Cen Bk.' Oak — 75 Orpheum Co.- — ! 15%
Chutes Co .. .5% «% PacC Cas Co. 123 ¦ ,¦
City & C Bk — . 120. p» o Sur Ca.lCS —
Cyp-L-Imp... — - -6% Parnf Paint.." 38 '"•—'
East Dynm.. — .375 , SF Drydock.: — '68
DptPwd :pfd — • 85- SF*SJ Coal. 17% 20
•Do com r.SS *— ' S'iWatJCo.10.1% —
. FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr 20c —* Sw1m-A Bk..ll5 — *
Frnch-A Bk.107 118 Tnick , Elect.." 11 I —
SATURDAY, Oct. 22—12 m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Nevr York Money Market.
EASTERN" MARKETS.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2Vi Per cent and for three
months' bills 2%@2',4'pcr cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 22.— To-day's Treasury
statement shows:- Available cash balance,
$H4,5M,S52; gold, $77,448,398.
- Clenrlng-IIouse Banks. /
' NEW YORK. Oct. 22.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of J this
city for tHe'we«k shows w_-r't-.
Loans. $1,137,030, 400, increase $3,917,000; fle
poslta ' $1,11K),700.71*> # increase $t5,&59,000;' clr
cuiatien $42.UUO,8OO, increase $702,800; legal
tenders $77,687,000, increase $1,063,300; specie
?240,215.6ou, increase $2,470,500; reserve $317,
*.OS.1<K>, ¦ increase • ?3,K4i>,800; -reserve required,
$290,949*175, increase $1,630,750; surplus $17.
t>53,925. Increase «1, 800,050; ex-United States
deposits $23.684,476, ; Increase $1,910,925.
New York Cotton Market,
NEW 1 YORK, Oct. 22.— Cotton futures
oi>ened steRdy ; October. 9.53c; • November,
0.52c: December, D.C6c; January, " 9.74c;-Feb
ruary. 9.80c bid; March, 9.84c; April, 9.85o
bid: May, 0.91c.
Cotton futures closed barely steady; October
and November, 9.47c; December, 9.62c; Jan
uary. 9.70c; February. 9.75c; Marchy 9.78c;
Arrll. 8.81c; May, 9.8Cc: June, 9,8Sc; July,
0.92c.
Spot closed quiet. 10 points decline; middling
uplands, 9.95c; middling Gulf. 10.20c; no sales.
New York Grain and Produce. '
NEW YORK, Oct. 22.— FLOUR- i ReceIpts.
12,900 barrels; exports, 12,500 barrels. Market
dull, but firm. Minnesota patents, $6 1006 60;
Minnesota bakers', winter patents,
$5 60@6; Minnesota straights, $5 3505 60; Min
nesota extras, $3 50®-4 20. , " '
WHEAT — Receipts, 3000 bushels. Spot,} firm.
No. 2 red. $1 2S'^ f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. $1 09% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard
Manitoba, $1 08 f . o. b. afloat. Options ruled
firm throughout the session, closing %c up.
May closed $115%, July closed $1 04%, De
cember closed $1 19%.
HOPS— Firm. State, common to choice,
1904. 32<33Sc: 1003, 31@36c; olds.' 14@18c; Pa
cific Coast. 1004. 31$>37o; 1003, 30S>33c ; olds.
14@lSo. ¦ '^ '¦ ¦- .'
HIDKS — Firm. Galveston, 17c; California,
19c; Texas dry, 14c.
.WOOL— Firm. Domestio fleece, 32®35c.
PETRO LEU M— Quiet.
. COFFEE; — Futures closed steady at a de
cline of 5@10 points. November, -6.75c; De
cember. 6.90@-6.95c; January, 6.95c: . March,
7.1Ji@7.25c; September, 7.65®7.70c. Spot Rio,
steady: No. 7 invoice. 8%c; mild, quiet; Cor
dova, 10S'J3c. ¦ '. ' .
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, OC test, 4V*c; molasses sugar, 8%c.
Reflncd, quiet; No. 6, 4.55c; No. 7. -4.60c; No.
8 4.40c: No. 9, 4.85c: No. 10. 4.30c; No. 11.
4.20c; No. 12, 4.12c; No. 13. 4.10o: No. 14.
4.10c; confectioners' A, 4.80c; mould A, 5.30c;
cut loaf. 5.65c: -crushed, 6.65c; powdered, 5.05c;
granulated, 4.95c; cubes, 6.20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market
fhows a slightly steadier tone, and holders ap
ptar more confident. Common are quoted at
4SM%c; prime, 4»iS5c; choice. b\i'aiVic\
fancy. 6@7c.
PRUNES — Firm; market unchanged.
APRICOTS — Are in ligrht demand.* Choice,
9%c; extra choice, 10>4<g>10%c:' fancy, ll@13c.
PEACHES — Are in practically thi* same po
sition as apricots. Choice,- 8%@«%c; extra
choice, 6ri69c; fancy, 9%@10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW* YORK, Oct. 22. — There was only a
small volume of business transacted . In . the
various -metals to-day, but' with the excep
tion of tin, which ruled easy, a firm tone
ruled.
Yesterday 1 ! iron prices were , firmly main
tained • ¦¦ ¦ ¦
Copper was quiet: lake, $13 12%@13 37%;
electrolytic, $13®13 25; casting, $12 67%©13.
Tin, $28 62%@28 95.
Spelter. $5 25®5 30. ; -. • ;
Lead, $4 20®4 37%. ,
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Oct. 22. — The total Imports of
dry goods and general Inerchandlse at New
York for the week ending to-day were valued
at $13,42i;O24. , . - .
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were of gold none and silver $592,629.
Exports and Imports at New York during
the week were $35,727 silver and $456,143 gold.
CHICAGO v BO AKD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and .Provisions.
CHICAGO. Oct. 22.— Under the Influence of
lndlfZerent . cables the wheat market - opened
with a somewhat easier feeling, December be
ing a shade higher to %@>£c Tower at $1 15Vi
to $1 15%. May was a shade higher to Y*ii
%c lower at $1 1401 14%. Not enough wheat
was offered to supply the demand and in eon
seauence prices made a rapid advance. De
cember rising to $1 ltJli. Meantime May 'sold
up to $1 15H- The continued bullishness of
the cash situation was the chief underlying
factor affecting early trading. On the ad
vance there was a heavy selling by a leader
of the bull crowd, conservative estimates plac
ing his total sales at nearly. 1,000.000 bushels,
most of which was May. Alarmed by the per
sistent selling, pit traders changed front and
sold freely. Prices declined as rapidly aa
they had previously risen. .Trading, however,
was quiet during the last half-hQur. 5 The
market closed practically at the lowest point
of the day. After selling at $1 15, December
closed at $1 15%, a net loss of %c. ¦ Final
Quotations on May were $1 13%.
Firm cables and a good cash demand caused
some strength in corn. December closed- a
shade lower at 48%@48%c
Little interest was manifested in oats. De
cember closed at 28 %c.
The early provision market was strong on
buying. At the - close January pork was ¦ un
changed; lard was. up 2%05c, and ribs -were
a shade hlsher. ' \
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
' Wheat No. 2— .-¦> -.-; '.
October .... 114
December ..... 1 15% 1 16% 1 15 1 15%
May ...' 1 14% 1 15% 1 18% 1 13%
July.. . 09% 99% 88% 9S%~
Corn No. 2 —
October .... .... r.1%
December 49 49 4RU 48%
May 45ft 45T» 45% 45%
Oats No. 2— -
October "¦ .". 5 29%
December 29% . 29% 28% 28%
May 31% 31?J 80S 80%
Mess Pork, per bbl — £¦.'.;:••-
October 10 00 10 90 10 87% 10 90
January 12 60 <12 65 12 65 12 55
May 12 55 12 65 12 60 12 50
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October ......' .... ."...- 7 80'
January. T 27% 7 30 .7 27% ; 7 27%
May ...7 35 T 37% 7 85 7 85
Bhort Ribs, per 100 lbs— ' v -
October 1 7 20 7 20 7 16 7 16
January ;. 6 60 6 60 6 85 6 65
May 6 72% 0 72% 6 67% 6 70 ;
Cash Grain and Provisions. <
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; winter .patents,
%b S0®5 40; straights, $4 80@5 20; spring pat
ents, $5 30#5 80: straights, $4 6005 30; bak
er»'. : $3 80#4; No. 2 spring -wheat. |1 lfe
1 17; No. 8. $1 OCffl 16; No. 2 red, $1 It,®
1 18%: No. 2 corn, 52% c; No. 2 yellow, 55%c;
No. 2- oats, 2»%c: No. 2 white, 31031%crNo.
3 white, 29%@30%c; No. 2 rye, 78®78%c;
j»ood feeding' barley, 37%c; fair to .- choice
maltlnc,. 40©52c ; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 10; -No. 1
Northwestern. $116%; mess pork, per , bbl,
$10 90011: 'lard, per 100 lbs, $7 27%©7 30;
short ribs aides (loose), $7 2f»©7 37%; short
clear sides -fboxed). $7 37%@7 62% ; . whisky,
basis of ht*h wlnea, $125; clover, : contract
grade,x$12 15. ¦ . . •
Articles — , Receipts. ShipmentJi."
Flour, barrels .24,500 18,200
Wheat, bushel! 872,000 - 60,300
Corn, bushels ...124,200 1SO,«00
Oats." bushels ............. 165,800 . 842.300
Rye, bushels 14,000 . 6,600
Barley, ' bushel* 134,900 14,200
, / Butt?r. Cheese and Eggs. .."
CHICAOO,' Oct. 22.— On the Produce Ex
cbanjre to-day " the ' butter market wks : firm :
creameries, 15®19c: " dairies, 13018c; -eggs,
steady at . mark, cases .Included, i 18%©18Uc
cheese, easy, 10%®10%c. • ¦'-¦¦. .
Exchange and Bullion.
Changes were few and fractional.'.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, slxtf days... — $4 84%
Sterling sight '— * 86H
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87£
New York Exchange, sight — . 07^»
New York. Exchange, telegraphic— ~'10 .
Silver, per ounce — -j 6S&
Mexican Dollars 48% © V 4tt
• INTERNATIONAL. .
New York' on Paris........; B.18%
New York on Mexico .................. :216^
Paris on London 25.11 .,
Berlin on London •- ...\... 20.35
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed little
change. Chicago was fractionally lower on the
day.
Snow of the Orange Judd Farmer estimates
the Wheat crop at 55-1,713,000 bushels, includ
ing 327,489.000 bushels winter and 227,226,000
bushels spring. The Oat crop is 973,135,000.
The Wheat crop is nearly 4.000,000 bushels
more than the Government estimate and the
Oats show an excess of 85,000,000 'bushels.
Kansas City grain people figure there is only
0,000,000 bushels Wheat left In Kansas, that
can be boucht \ ¦ <¦
In this market futures ¦ were weak, ¦ with a
very fair volume of business. The December
shorts were taking their profits. Cash grain
waa in moderate demand and steady.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 46®1 52% ; ' Calif ornia
WMte Australian, $1 G5@l 62V4: Northern
Clwb $1 45<@1 62ft; Northern Bluestem.. $1 60
©1 62% Per ctl. -
FUTURES.
Session^ to 11:30 a..m.
Open. High. Low. " Close.
December ,..$1 46tf $1,47 $1 46% $1 40ft
May.. 149 -1 49% 1 49 J 49
BARLEY — Futures were dull and not'mate
rially chanced. The casb market was ' still
liandlcapped by. large offerings of damn Feed,
which interfere with the sale of dry lots! There
is a scarcity of choice bright dry Feed, which
would i possibly, bring $1 12 $£\ were it obtain
able in 'any quantity. The demand continues
better . in the interior than on this market.
CASH' BARLEY.
Fied. $1@1 11W; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 12Vi@l 15; Chevalier. . $1 17H@1 22ft per
cental. " ' ' " ' '". ¦ ¦
FUTURES.
. , % Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. .«>--;
Decembers-No sales; $1 08V4 • bid, $108%
asked: , . . . ;
May— No. sales; $109 bid. .: '
OATS — The . ; weak 3 closed . au U 1 1 y . at un
changed' prices, with liberal receipts of 11,395
ctls, mostly from ¦ the lower coast. ' ¦¦ ¦
White. .$1 40®l 66U; Surprise. $1 60@l 60;
Red for feed. $1 32Ms@l 45 for No. ' 1 and
$1 22VjQl SO for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42%@1 60: Black. $1 3001*39 for feed and
$1 60421 65 for aeed. \
CORN — There was no change to report yes
terday. . ¦ -¦,.' . , v \ 2,-..
. Western sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Yellow, $1 45
for White and'$l 40@l 42% for Mixed; Call,
f ornia large >Yellow. $1 4001 45; small round
do $1 65®1 62%: White, nominal: Egyptian.
$l" 35@1 45 for White and $1 25® 1 30 for
Brown. • '
RYE— 41 37%O1 42% per ctl. , .
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
Flour and Millst u ft s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras $4 80O
6 10. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 7005;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing, at $4@4 50
per bbl. - .•*'*'¦ •
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages ¦ are a*
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 Ibs-
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal; $2 60; extra cream do," $3 80-
Oat Meal, $3 73; Oat- Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 C0@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4; -Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, $8 7507 00; in
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 60; Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs. .'.. ',
The only change yesterday was an advance
In -Cocoanut Cake. • The market for Bran con
tinued weak. The receipts of ¦ Hay Included
22 cars and were moderate.
- BRAN — $19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@27 . per ton. •
SHORTS— $10@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 60@24 per.
tcn; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 606*32 60;
jobbing, *33; Cocoanut Cake. $23©24; Corn
Meal, $30 50031 60; Cracked Corn, $31®32*
Mixed Feed. . $22022 60; Horse Beans $30040
per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl. .
HAY— Wheat. $10015 60; wheat j and . Oat,
$10014 60;",' Oat." $9@1S; Barley and Oat $8
©12; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@10; stable' $0
©11; stock. $5 60®7; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa,
$9®12 per • ton. . ¦ ¦ ...
STRAW— 45®65c per bale. .
Beans and Seeds.
Dealers are reporting a depressed market for !
Pink Beans owing to the incoming of a ; great
deal ofdamp stock. They say that after these,
wet Pinks are recleaned the Arizona and -Texas
buyers take them: at low rates In preference
to the higher, priced dry Beans. The -market
has^ a very wide range— all the way- from- $1
for wet up to. $2 75 for, No.- 1 dry.' The quo
tations below do not Include those very poor
wet ; Beans. , The same remarks apply to al
mostevery other .variaty of Beans now coming
In .The market; continues quiet.'- -V- : ;v-.
BUANS— Bayos. $2 7B@3; Pea. $3 I0€>8 25-
Butters.' $2 75®3; small -White. $3 I5®a 40;
large -White, '$2 40@2 «5;- Pink, $2 50®2 75-
Red. $4 2504 60; Lima. $4 15<3>4 30; Red Kid
neys,v $4 60@4 75; Blackeyea, $2 60@2 70 • per 1
ctl: Horse B«ins, $1 85@2 40. , ¦
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, $3 25; Flax. - 52@2 76; ;. Canary. «%
©7c, Alfalfa, lB«'31< 5 J Hc; Rape. , l%02%c ; .
Timothy. 0%c: Hernp,-3^e3*; c per lb; Millet
2Ufc3Vic:* Broom Corn Seed, $20021 per ton
DRIED PEAS-Nlles, $202 25; * new ' Green
' Peas, ' $2@2 25 , per, ctl. " ' ¦
Potatoes, j Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of . Potatoes ; were i lighter » than
uauai. but : the market" was > still badly "con
gested ' with river , Burbanks, - which .have been !
accumulating i for. sevei-al days, and • 16w- grade "
offerings ; were s being • pressed for sale ¦ at ¦ re
duced prices. Fancy Salinas Burbanks' were
still in limited supply and: held (firmly at the*
top * quotation. - although " trade v» was ; qultt."
Sweets dragged I badly ; at I the I recently revised
quotations; 5. Onions - were in light receipt; less
than 1 100 bags I being received. -. and I the market
ruled; firm' at "unchanged- ratea. »; ¦-', . ¦. , •
. Receipts V of most -. miscellaneous ¦ vegetables
came to hand late,' but the market was liberally
supplied * with :• stock \ that had , been " received
late i on > Friday." ' Tomatoes did a little" better,
but other descriptions were weak; "Green Corn
is ¦ dropped • from the . list. ;*.' '.'-,:. •-.'• -• -c. v- . 1; v 1
¦POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40(9
70o per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1®1 35 per ctl*
River Reds. .' 75©85e per > oU ; ; Sweet - Potatoes,"
75®85Q.per^cU;- • _ . ,. ;
ONIONS— $1'86@1 60 per ctl.' . -
i . String Beans, . 2%»8o; per
1 lb;.Wax Beans. -2%<^3c peT lb; Lima. Beana 1 4»
4%o - per. lb; ,- Tomatoes, 26@60c per box; : Sum-'
mer Squaah, ; 40®00o : per box; Cabbaga, 75c per
. ctl ; ; Carrots, \ 75c per f sack; ; Cucumbers, 30@40o '
per box;*. Garlic. 4H@4%c . per>lb; s Egg, plairt
304140c per box: Dried Peppers, nominal- art en -
Okra,-. 60c9?l " per.' box; Green; Peppers -25040c
; por f box; Mushrooms;-. lOfflSc .per ¦ lb; > Marrow
fat and Hubbard Squash.-$1OQI2 Rer ton. •>¦¦ '¦!•
Poultry.; and 'Game.;. ...
Receipts ; of - Poultry . were * light/, as . usual Von'
Saturday. -' and the market closed , steady, with
very ', little 5 stock i unsold. ' A cai\ of Western
falls i due; to-morrow. .,;¦ ¦, ¦•;,. ... ,-- ¦ ~. ¦• ....¦ - .
\ c Changes ,*ln"S Game ,;.wer»t slight and •¦ good
stock . met with ¦ ready: sale ' at ' good prices. The
receipts included 1 some .overheated ; and , tainted
Wild -Ducks,- which V had to be sold air low
figures, or thrown 'away, ¦; • •¦• ; ¦ . . •
reveal Jare* sales made to epinners when
January went' below 90. We have had prac
tibslly ha'.f a cent, decline without any reac
tion, which almost always increases the short
interest, and unless something should happen
to weaken the planter we can see no reason
v.hatever for any ereat decline.
COTTON— Liverpool opened this morning
»-ith good demand for spots for'a Saturday's
market. Hatec. 7000 bales; prices easier at foui
points lower. Futures opened easy about five
points lower and closed quiet at about seven
points decline from previous close. The vis
ible supply Increase for the week Is 274,606.
us apatnft an increase of 877.894 last year
Our market opened steady at two to four points
down, which was eomewliat better than ex
l^ctcd on Liverpool. Sentiment on- the floor
ma b^arJFh. It was reported . that there were
The public have been buying stocks heavily
in the past week and sharp breaks can be
looked for from now on. Values of many good
securities are not too high and will be eent
to a further high level later on, but we cannot
advise the purchase of stocks with the present
race in Wall street.
Speculative eentiment is rather mixed. The
concensus of opinion seems to be that while
the natural tendency keeps upwj»£ the rise
for the time being is likely to b* .tSs general
than of late. Some of the large interests cb-
Ject to the wild movement engineered by ln
rxperienced operators, wbo are plunging on a
big t-ale. and are disposed to check such ma
neuver*. Uence the activity will be more pro
nounced in individual stocks than in the gen
eral list. Many of these are being bulled on
grounds kno^n to themselves, and the In
terests behind them are favored by extremely
easy money. There is reason to believe such
interests during the next few months will be
extreme!}- aggrea£ive.
STOCKS — The market is active and strong.
A good many specialties are higher. The bank
•taiement- was favorable and chows expansion
In every Item. Money is wonderfully cheap
for this time of tbe year and the tendency Is
toward even cheaper money. The waiting Urt
of investors U beginning to come in. There
is of course a good deal of scattered profit
taking, but the important holders of stocks
are not. we thick, letting go to any important
extent.
The New Tork wires of Hutton & Co. yes
terday (.aid:
Stocks and Cotton.
The y(eld of the Consolidated . Calf ornia and
Virginia mine- last week consisted , of 12 min
ing carloads of ore. averaging $31 45 per ton
and 31 carloads, averaging $28 S3 per ton
The output of the Ophl r mine last . week
amounted to 144 mining carloads of ore as
saying $23 20 per ton. -." . :-v v > . . -
The New York and Honduras Rosarlo Mining
Company paid a dividend of 1 per cent yes
terday. - ..-. .¦¦>¦.¦ -
Shawmut Oil Company assessment 'Na " r l of
6c per share has all been paid up.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Columbia Electric Company of California has
been called for December 27 to vote upon a
proposition to create a bonded Indebtedness of
J3.C00.TO0 in thirty. year 5 per cent Jbonds, In
terest payable* semi -annually. '.• • .'-
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
was of the usual Saturday character and - the
market lacked animation. Oas and Electric
wm lower at ) $57@57 25. The United Rail
roads 4 per cent bonds were higher at 83 12%,
$44,000 /selling. Alaska Packers was again on
a lower plane, selling from $103 60 down to
$104. This stock Is kept weak and . unsettled
by various reports regarding contemplated
changes in the arrangement of tha stock. Most
of. them are conjectures, as tt is said that, the
association, while considering different means
of placing Us affairs on a more satisfactory
basis, has not yet come to any definite con
elusion. Of the various ' plans suggested the
most feasible of course will be adopted. The
current report yesterday was that a plan now
under consideration provides for the railing
in of the $35 yet unpaid on the 4S.0QO shares
of issued stock, the marketing . of the ' 2000
shares still unsold and then the increasing
of the capital stock from its present amount
of 60,000 shares to 100.000. and the declaration
of a stock dividend of one share of the new
Issue to every four. held by the old or present
shareholders. According to the talk among
the brokers, the association's business has
grown so large that the capital with which It
started out is no longer sufficient to • carry tt
.on and must be increased to conduct Its pres
ent large operations, hence the proposition to
double tha capital stock. The association estl.
mates that the book value of its etock'ls
now $120. .,
The oil and mining stocks were quiet with
easier prices for some of the Tonopahs.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 13,857 shares, valued at $4977. the lead-
Ing : sales being as follows: Associated Oil.
1000 share*; Four, 7S66; Occidental. 1800; Cali
fornia Standard. 600; Home 600: Monte Crlsto
600; Oil CJty. 800.
The Claremont Oil 'Company has declared
a dividend of lc. payable November 1.
The Alta Oil and Development Company has
levied an assessment of 2c. delinquent No
vember 19; Sacramento Valley Land Company
one of 60c, November 19. - "*
Another- Report . Concerntng Alaska
Packer*' Stock.
LOCALi MARKETS.*
STOCK 5IARKET.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Foreign Futures.
-LIVERPOOL.
• Wheat-— Dec. March.
Opening ....,...: 7 4% 7 6
Closing .....7 494 76 '
1 PARIS. -: - :
• Wheat— - Oct." Jan.-Apl. '
Opening 23 30 24 55
Closing .; 23 40 24 55
. Fiour-r • ¦ . .
Opening ...........'........'3095, 3215:
Closing..: ..;•.... '30 95 ;'3i 18
St. IiOuis Wool Market. ' •" -' - :
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 22.— Wool, steady. Medium
grrades, combing and clothing,' 20@26c;' light
lint, 13©20c: heavy fine, 12@10c;. tub, washed,
Xorthern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 22.— WHEAT— For ' «x-
Walla Walla, 83c: b^ie stem. 86c; val
ley. S5c. ' For Eastern markets. Walla Walla,
84c; blue stem, 87c.
WASHINGTON. .
. TACOMA. Oct. 22.— WHEAT— Unchanged,
i Blue stem, 89140; club. So^c.
v - . Northern Business. ,
SEATTLE; Oct. 22. — Clearings $784,133, bal
ances $176,623.
TACOMA, Oct. 22.— Clearings $469,291; bal
ances ftJ4,7tfl. * - -
POR1XAND, Oct. 22,^-aearings $524,374,
balances $88,902. ¦ ,
SPOKANE, Oct. 22.-^Clearings $400,284,
balances $103,21)3. ' .¦ v
OREGON
Flour, qr sks .. 15.9721 Wheat, ctls .... 8.772
Barley, ctls ... J *. 203 1 Wool, bales ... 2S1
Flour, qr sks .. 1S.H? Tallow, ctls '..'. • 7
Wheat, ctls .... 1.8761 Leather, rolls :. 200
Oats, ctls .<... 4S0| Hides. No. .:.. 1S1
Beans, sks .... S.38SI Felts. No. 405
Potatoea. sks .. 3.7701 Paper, - reams • ...1.0C5
Onions, sks ... . SOI Lime bbls .»,»- 278
Bran, eks .... 60) Wine, gals .... 47.725
Feed, sks 372' Chickory. bbls.. \ 50
Middlings, eks.. 3C3j Broomcorn. bdls 117
Hay. tons 327| Sugar. Ctla 1.C00
Hops, bales ... 342| Raisins, bxs .. 7.230
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. OCTOBER 23.
. SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Ketc York stocks active, «1th individ
ual advances and declines.
2-<x-aI securities in Jfair average move
taenr.
Xot tuucfi fluctuation In Silver or Ex
cluinge.
IxK-iil Imnli t-lcarings increase $1,000,
000 over last year.
Wheat. liarloy and otlier grains not
nxaterialiy chansed./
Haj- and Umn as before. Cocoanut
Cake iilgher. *
Wot fteuiis d«i)resslng the market for
gtx>d lots. '
Potato market overstocked and gener
ally weak. Onions linn. •
Xot niucrli change in Poultry and
Gaiae,
l>ce > i<tuous anrl Gitrtts fruit* selling off
fairly.
I*runes scarce and firm In New York,
and firmer here.
l>rled Peaches and Nectarines firm and
¦wanted.
Liberal lines of Nevada Honey on the
market.
No further cut in Hams, Bacon and
Lard. r J
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged. .
Live and dressed Meats as before
quoted.
Butter depressed, Cheese steady and
Eggs higher. - \
Bank Clearings.
Local Bank Clearings for the week Juat
ended, with the corresponding week
of last year, show an Increase of $1.016.MH.
bein* $29,904,026. ajfalnrt $28,887,030 in 1903.
The clearings for the same week In l»02 were
$26,181,239.
There ;was I no further Change In the Butter
situation yesterday. The market continued ex
tremely dull and the medium and lower grades
pf creamery were being offered freely down to
22ig24c and even under. Real fancy creamery,
though none' too firm,, kept -up to the quota
tions of the ' preceding day. The situation in
Cheese remained as. before.
There.' was another advance in ranch Egg*
and. with the exception of two or three houses.
which reported large stocks, the general re
port^ all. along the street -was: ."Ranch 'Eggs
all: cleaned ,'up." . There are plenty L of cold
storage- and -Eastern Eggs here, however, ao
there * will be . no famine. The .. houses . with
ample supplies of . ranch charge those others
who are quoting an advance with elevating
prices'. In order, to enable -them to work off
their cold storage, and' Eastern. It Is the
same old familiar condition which comes along
every year, about this time and causes not a
little confusion and dissatisfaction among the
trade., . . " ¦ - ¦ - ;
-Receipts were- 45,400 lbs Butter," 497 cases
Eggs and 47,900 lbs Cheese.'
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 2?%029e
for extras and 20@2(Sc - for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 20624c: cold storage. J te.; store
Butter. ' 17@20c; Eastern 1-lb squares, . 26c;
Eastern cubes, 22@23c; Eastern ladle-packed,
15@16c. " "!
CHEESE^-ll%@12%c for choice mild new
and 9@10c for old; cold storage, 10% ©lie;
Young Americas ll%@12c: Eastern. ICOISc
per lb. . ¦'•¦-.' ' - • e
I EGGS— Ranch. 1 41@42c for large white se
lected. 39@40c for good to .choice and 36@3Sc
for common; cold storage,- 27%@30c; store,
nominal; Eastern, 25@28c for choice, 23®25c
for standards and 21@22o for seconds.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
SIISCEIjIiANEOUS MARKETS.
Tiloney — iU S Steel......;.. 21
Call loans 2©3 Do pfd ..:.*82 .
Time loans 4^5% Westing Common. 86%
Bonds — Mining —
Atchlson *» 101% Adventur* ..„¦.'.. 8%
"Do adj 4s 86% Allouex I2>i
Mex Central 4«... 76 Amal Copper .... 67%
Raiiroads-=- "¦ . 'Amer Zino ...... 13%
Atchl»on •• » 6 * Atlantic ...14%
Do pfd 101% Blnghara 32%
Boston & Albany.260 Calumet ft Hecla562%
Boston A.Malne.165 Centennial 29%
Boston Elev 163 Copper Range ... 44%
Fltchburg pfd. ...187 Daly West 12%
Mex Central 17 Dom Coal ....... 55*
K Y N H & H..19?% Franklin t\L
Pere'Martjuette... 76- Grancy \S
Union Pacific 107 % Isle Royala •>" H
jLliscellaneous— Mass Mining .-. t , 51?
Amer Arge Chem. 20% Michigan ....../. ?ig
Do pfd ........ 82 Mohawk -.*- go
Amer Pnen Tube. 6= M ont Coal A Coke 5
Amer Sugar ... .136% Old .DoralrJon ... 2^
Do pfd ..' 1S5 Oscecla ........ onit
Amer Tel. &/Tel.l44% Parrot ......:' \\\*&*
Amer Woolen ... 18 , Qulncy gg
. Do pfd • .'84 Shannon ."...-;; ' AU
Dom Iron * S:.. 14% Tamarack ""no
Ed Elect Ilium.. 250 Trinity ....... /, .\q V
Gen Electric . . .'.176 | U 8 • Mining . .-. - 'iiV
Mass BlectHc... 17%l U 8 Oil ..*'./-. nU
Do pfd ........ 552lUtah ....... '•Hi?
Mans Gas ....... 42% Victoria ...... v lit
United Fruit ....104% Wlnona ...W:.\y %*
Un Shoe Mach... 54 I/Wolverine ...v.;. 9714 ¦
Do pfd;........ 31%| _ " 7 »
- • Ixjndon Clbslng Stocks.
Cons money... 88 7-16 N Y Central..... 133%
Doacct' £8% Nor & Western.". . 73%
Anaconda • j% pfd ¦.:.:...-.- 04
Atchlson -......•• 88% Ont & Western.:. 44-
Do pfd 103 Pennsylvania '... ,70%
Bait & Ohio..... 98' Rand Mines .:...- 10S
Can PaclOo .....137 Reading .......... 40U
Chcs &, Ohio. . - ; 47_ Do 1st pfd..... 45
Chi Great We»t... 22% Do 2d pfd...... 41%
Chi Mil & -fit P.177 So Railway ,..•.. 3a t?
De Beers ....V... 18 1 fig
Den & PJoG.... 32%| So Pacific 04
. Do pfd .......'. SO'41 Union Pacific ....now
Erie .......:..:.:'3S%j- Do pfd ........ 97J
Do Irt pfd..;.-. lirO.V B Stvl... .: 2iu
• Do 2d pfd . .'. '. : . 52% ! Do pfd '. ." r; . . .•; 83«
III. Central ......130 Wabash , .:.....-. 23^
I^juls & Na«h....l37% Do pfd. .'.; 43 U
M.K & Texai/iV 31% ; •:-. .1 "
Bar silver — Steady. 26%d ' per ' ounce. ¦
Money— 1@1% per cent. ¦ ' - •
Adama Con 20 Little Chief ..... 06
Allc •• 40 Ontario .¦..„¦ 350
Breece .....^...-v J 5 . °T hl *\ 2 15
Bruns.Con 15 Phoenix 18
Com Tunnel 10 Potosi 10
Con Cai & Va. . . 1 50 |«vac« . „ . . . ... 2 3
Horn Silver ..... 1 6<M Sierra, Nevada • 23
Iron Silver ..... 1 80 Small Hope» 30
Leadville Con.... 02|Standard ...\ f . l 85
Boston -Stocks and Bonds.
New York Mining Stocks.
.......IHavana Tob Co.) I | 20 2!)%
i Do i,fd i t£ 64
• |Uocking Valley. 1. ] bi-i Js3
I Do ind - ....... I ..| s» hOjj
ouUj'Illinois Central .|145'i 143 145 143^
l.ioy, Internatl Pai*r. J8% l«V4 ls?i lSVa
( 2W Dojud ....... 78 78 77»/!» 7a
....... rnternutl Power 62& 63'^
3tw Internatl Pump. 38 C8 37^ 3S
I Do pfd 79 'HOVj
' 10u;iowa Central 2S*4 aj>»*
100) Do pfd V. 50% 50% 49% 3O»*
Jvanawha & M 36 37
•- IKC its & M pfd .* 75% 76
l,30»jK C Southern... 29% 25& 28% Zi\i
MH)| Do pfd 50% 60& 59 69%
........ jKebkuk & D M.| 10 17*j
ILftcleda Gas pfd »0 % 100
400 Lake K & West. 30 35 85 37
Do pfd -..;...; »6 105
Long Island 58 60
7.400 L &. N... ....... 136% 13« 136% 13«»i
l,400;Marihnttan 164 161% 103 16314
I Do Beach 9% 11
U.SCOlMetropol Securl.. S7% 85% 85^ 8<J
J7.7C0|Metrcpol St Ry.. 129% 127^ 127Mi 127%
7 t 400iMexican Central. 17»& 17% 17H 17%
SCKJjMInn & St L :.... 61 61H
I Do 1st p.'d 86 »8
l.Wf.i.M. S P & S S M 84 83 SSli »1
800 Do pfd 136 135 135H 138
6,500iM, K & T 31% 30% 30% 31
8,0001 Do pfd 59 58% 58^ 58%
lS^OOIMlssouri Pacific. 105 104% 104ft 104%'
IN. C & St L 135 137
1,300 National Lead... 23% 24% 24% 25
100! Do pfd 07 97 06 1)7
200;N RR of M pfd 41Ts 41% 41% 41%
'National Biscuit 48% 40%
I Do pfd 110 Ulft
IN J Central 183 1S5
.|N Y Air Brake 135 137
1.100;N V Central 134% 134% 134% 184%
BOON Y C & St L.. 38% 37% 37 Vt 88
I Do 1st pfd... 110 11«
I Do 3d pfd... CO 74
IN T Dock.../. 14 16
100IN Y. N H & II. 199 199 19S 1U9%
47.3001N Y. Ont & W. . 43% 41T4 41 ; 8 42%
% 4.300|Norfolk & W 73% 72% 73 73%
Do pfd 90 85
100 North American. 96% 96% 96% 97
Nor Securities... 115% 114% 115 115%
Omaha 140 150
Do pfd :. 185
.* O. S L 4"s 98 99
........ Pacific Coast 68 70
....... Do 1st pfd 95 105
Do 2d pfd 77 78%
1.900 Pacific Mail 40 39% 39% 39%
83,900'Penn R R Cc... 137% 137% 137% 137%
10. 400; People's Gas 110% 109% 100% 109%
iPere Marquette 78 80
IP. C, C & St L. -... 74 77
| Do pfd 101 103%
3.800 Pr Steel Car 39 38% 38 38%
200! Do pfd / 81% 81% 81% 81%
|Pull Car Co. ; . . 225 2S0
l.SOOiRy Steel S Co... 26 26 25% 26
100{ Do pfd........ 66% 86% S6% 86%
• 25.300 Reading 77% ,70% 76% "7
Do 1st pfd 89 88%
500 Do 24 pfd..... 82 82 79% 82
1.100 Republic S & I. 12% 12 12% 12%
S00 Do pfd 63 62% 62% 63
700 Rubber Goods . . 23% 23 22% 23
Do pfd 84% 86
S S S & I Co - 46 46%
Do pfd 93 95
St J & G 1 15% 17
...- Do 1st pfd 61 55
Do 2d pfd 25% 27
St L&SF 1st pfd 74 75
1.800 Do 2d pfd 63 62% «3 63%
2,500StL&SW 23% 22% 22% 23%
4W| Do ofd 49% 49% 49% 49%
11.C00 Southern Pac ... 62% 61% 61% 61%
Do sfd 116 116%
6S.O0O: Southern Ry .. 36% 35% 36 36%
400 Do pfd { 95% 95% 95 95%
Standard Oil 644 659
Stand R & T 1% 2
2.200 Tenn C & I.... 67% 56% 66% C7%
Tex Pae L T Co 30 34
3.S00 Texas Pacific ... 35% 35% 35 S5%
200Third Ave 184 183% 132 134
v IY>1 R & T Co 26% 30
feOO'Tol St. L & W. 32% 32 31% 32%
1.000! Do pfd 51% 60% 50% 51
Twin City R T. : 103% 103%
100 Un Bag Pap 7% 8
100 Do pfd ...... 66 i 65 65 66
20, 000 Union Pacific ... 107% 107' 107% 107%
100 Do pfd 95 85 94% «5%
Do Codv 4's 108% 108%
United Copper" 5 7
JOO Un Rd* of S F. . 16% 16% 16% 16%
2001 Do pfd 62 61% 61% fi2
Do 4s 81% 81%
2OOIU S Cast I P...; 13% 13% 13% 13%
700) Do pfd- ...--..; 64% 64% 63 63%
• UX)!U S Express. .-. . 117 117 117 118
8.700IU S Leather.... 13% 13% 13% 13%
200l Do pfd 82 91% 91% 81%
jU S Realty & C 63% 64
Do nfd 90
500!US Rubber...... 29% 29 ? 29 29%
1001 Dq pfd ; R4% 84% 83 84
12.WX>IP S Steel Cor.. 21% 20% 21 21%
27,900| Do pfd 82% 81% 81% 81%
1.600 Va-Car Chem Co 87 36% 86% 37
COO Do ofd 110% 110 109% 110
3.7O0 Wabash 22% 22 22% 22%
2.800 Do -Of d .. . 44% 43% 44% 44%
j Do deb B's ;... 67% 67%
Wells Fargo Ex 237 244
.100 Western Union.. 92 92 81% 92
1.200 Weetlnghouse ... 173 172 172 173%
Do pfd 185 190
Do 2d pfd : 190 200
400 W & L. E 20% 20 20 20%
Do 1st pfd 47% 47 47% 47%
400 Do 2d pfd.... 28% 28 28% 28%
200 Wi» Central .... 23% 22% 23 23%
700 Do ufd 46% 45% 45% 40%
870,700 total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ret 2s reg. .104^1 L & N unified 4s.lC2}£
Do coupon 104% Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg 104% Mex Central 4s... 74
Do coupon 105% Do 1st Inc 22
Do new 4s reg.130% Minn & St L 4s. 94%
Do coupon 131% M, K & Texas 4s.lO2$4
Do old 4s reg.lO6ft Do 2ds S5%
Do coupon 106 Mi NR of Mex con 4s 7!Hi
Atcb gen 4s 102HJN Y C gen 3%s..l00*i
tx> adj 4s «7H N J C gen 5s. ...131%
Atlantic C L 4s. 88% Nor Pacific 4s....lO5U
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103%, Do 3s 756
Do SV4« 85% Nor & W -con 4a.lOO%
Central of Ga 5s.ll3% OSL 4s & partlc. 90 fe
Do 1st Inc 87% Pa conv 8V4s....lO3
Ches & Ohio 4 105 HI Reading gen 4s... 101 U
Chi & Alton 8H*. 80>4 S L & I M con 5s.ll5H
C, B & Q new/4s. «DS>*| 8 I. A S P fg 4s. 86%
CM A EP gn 4s.lO8%|St Louis SW lsts. i>0%
C & NW con 7S.128N, Seaboard A L 4s. 81
C. RT A Pac 4s. 77% So Pacific 4s 9454
Do col 5s 87»4 So Railway 5s 118%
C.C.C <fc SL*n 4s.lO2 Tex & Pao Ist«..l2o2
Chi. Term 4s 80% Tol. 6t L & W 4s. 81%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 75% Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo & Bo 4«.... 87% ! Do conr 4s,.... 100%
C F & I con 6s. 81 V4 U 8 Steeled 5s.. 87%
Den & Rio G 4S.101V4I Wabash lsts 119
Erie prior Hen 4S.100U Do deb B K7*l
Do gen 4s 89%l W tt L Erie 4s... 91U
F W & D C lsts.H0^|Wls Central 4s... 92U
Hock Val 4H«...10S^ =-• ;*'" ?
8UOAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100- lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c;.Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry. Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated, "6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.00c: Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
B.40c: >"D." 0.30c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels/ 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50- lb bags.
10c more. for all kinds.. Tablets— Half barrel*.
6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. & K Crystal Domlnos.
8c per lb. No orders taken for lea* than
seventy -five barrels or Its equivalent.
RED AND WHITK LEAQ— Red Lead. 7H9
7%c per lb; White L«ad. V£&i%c, according
to' quantity. -
COAL, OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bnlk.
13c; Pearl Oil, In cases. lOtfc: Astral. 19%c:
Star, 19#c: Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 28c; Eo
cene. 23c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in tulle.
10c; in cases. 22^0: Benzine. In bulk. 13c: la
cases. 19^c; 80-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 25c;
In cases, 31c.
-TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and
75c . In drums and Iron barrels. ' - V
Welsh Lump. $11- CO; Cannel. $9 per ton: Coke.
(11 CO® 13 per ton In bulk and $13 in sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 SO per short
ton - • . ¦. - - ¦¦•.. , ¦
OILS— Quotations "ire for. barrels; for case*
add 5c; Linseed, 63c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil. in case*. No. 1. 70c:
Rakers'. A A. cases $1 10@l 12: Lucol. 5Oe for
boiled and' 4Sc for raw; .China Nut. cases.
65©80c per gallon :' Cocoanut OH. Jn barrels,
3Se for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc:. natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c: No. 1 Lard Oil. «3o;
pure Neatsfoot Oi! 73a; Xo. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring "Oil. 42c; dark Herrlfte Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c: boiled Paint Oil. 33c: raw Paint
Oil. 31c -
POULTRY— Live - Turkeys, old. 14©I6c per
lb for Cobblers and 15©17e.for Hens; young
Turkeys, 20@22c per lb; Geese," per . pair - $1 50
f<?l 7.">;<Oosflngs, |2S2 25;' Ducks, $4 SO® 3 per
donen for - old and $4 50® C for young : - Hen*.
$4 C0i&5 for small and $5 00@p {or large; young
Roosters." $5 50®C:- old Roosters, $4 5065; Fry
ers; .$4 50@5; , Broilers. $3©4: Pigeons. $1 25
per dozen lor old and $2®2 23 (or Squabs. . .
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3*?5 -per dozen;
Canvasback. $4©6f Teal $2 6U4T3; Sprlfr. $2ti
2 50; Widgeon. $1©1 75: Red Heads. $2®2 50;
small, Ducks, $1 50@l 76; Gray Geese. % S4;
Vfhite Geese. $1®2; Brant. $1 60@2 50; Snipe,
$3 'for English and'$l B0 for common; Doves,
$191 25; Hare. $1 75@2; Rabbits. J2 for Cot
tontail and $1 SO for Brush.
SHEEP — Receipts, none. . Market nominally,
steady.
Omaha. .
OMAHA, Oct. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts. 100.
Nominally steady. Native? steers,- $4 2o@<$ 40;
cows and heifers, $2 40@3 CO; Western stears,
S3@4 : t'5; /.Texas . steers, v* 1 $2 75®3 tt5; range
cows and heifers, ?2 23#3 25;- cannera, $150®
2 15; stockers ,: and feeders, $2 25@4; <calve»,
$3 ZCQ5; bulls and stags, ; $1 50@.1 23. •
HOGS— Receipts, 400U. — Strong to' :3c
higher. Heavy, «©"> 20; mixed, |5@5-15; light,
S5 05@5 25;-' pigs, $4 23@4, 75; bulk of ¦ salea,
$5 1C@5 20.* ¦-¦;¦-•-.; ;- ..-,;¦¦ :: ¦ -,,-,:
. SHEEP— Receipts, 1200. , Strong. Western
yearlings. • $3 05@4- 10; wethers,- 53 40@3 00;
ewes, ' $3@3,t!0; common and etockers, t'i 50@
, S3 75; lambs. $4 00<S5 25. «-. . *-^-
THE SAN .FRANCISCO ; CALL; , SUNDAY^; OCTOBER 23, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
49
AUCTION SALES
,. AUCTION SALE,.
Thoroughbred Jersey Galtis
The Entire Prize Winning Terba Buena Herd
O^Jer»eys belongins to the '
Eatate of the LATE HENRT PIERCE.
Consisting of
60 Head Registered Bulls, Cows
and Calves.
TUESDAY EVENING". October 23. 1004. *
At the Salesyard of
FRED H. CHASE ®> COf
Livestock Auctioneers.^
1732 MARKET ST.. San Francisco.
Stock at yards Oct. 22.
E«nd for Illustrated catalogue.
COMING AUCTION SALE '
1OO Head John CJollIns*.
MODOC HORSES
Finest lot of sound yenng work and* driving
horus ever brought to San Francisco; weight
1100 to 13C0 pounds.
-Also 20 head of FANCT. STYLISH DRIVING.,
and CARRIAGE HORSES. MATCHED TEAMS,
FAST ROADSTERS. • * ¦
First Sale of the _ , *
WESTERN HOnSE MARKET."
Every hors* will be guaranteed to be just aa
represented. . ¦-,'•.'» \ , ...
Sale beiclns 11 a. m.. 8AT., Oct. 2S. 1904.
220 VALENCIA STREET. ' '
L. H. BURD
AUCTIONEER
WILL SELL MONDAY
OCTOBER 24, 11 A. M/. O'^.'V!?;
THE ELEOANT PIANO AND FURNITURE
OF RESIDENCE, i
701 DEVISADERO STREET.
L. H. BURP. Auctioneer.
jir^T^ >^> 'TT* 3 *
I WILL SELL AT AUCTION forty' head
cl all purpose horses, 30 seta of harness, alafr
a largo stock of camp, express and peddling
wagons at 1140 Folsnm St., Tuesday, Oct. 20,
at 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
150% ADVANCE IN 20 DAYS
' N'Dvember 15th, priee o* our stock will ad-
vance to flve cents per share. Present price. 2
cents per share, casb or Installments.- Par
value. $1,00 per share, ncn- assessable. Are de-
velopinfr 40 acres of rich .gold land In the fa-
mous Ooldfl*ld District, close to th« lartreat
producers. Own all our property. No debts.
Are developing property and have struck good
ore body, therefore price will advance to rive
cents per share — 13<» per cent— on Xcvember
15th. and stock will be withdrawn entirely
when we reach the high gratfe ore bodies which
we feel ' sure will soon be opened up In our
shaft. Now Is the time to get In on this ex-
ceptionally' gcod prap^rty at lowest possible
price. Fortunes made every day in Goldfleld.
and w« may strike it any day.- Write e* wire
at once for particulars, cr call at our local of-
THE BIO ELK GOLD MINES CO..
71t Italian- American Bank Bldg.,
¦CtB" "an Francisco. C*LfLX.'1'H RACE — One and three-eighths miles;
thrre- year-olds and up: selling: '
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Little Elkin.96(McIntyre) 4 3 1 13
r.o to 1 — La Chaperone.S5(HoSmn) 8 IS 2 3U
11 to 2— C. Miller. S5 (Perrlne).. 2 6 2 3 1
Time. 2:23. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Arthur's ch. g. <6) by Lampllghter-
Emma Pickwick. Bard of Avon 94. Earilla 94, |
Benckart 111. The Way 10L Malakoff 92, fin- I
iched as named. ¦-. ¦;.-,
FIFTH RACE — MUe and seventy yards;
three -year-olds and up: handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Martinmas. 107 (Kunz). 4 l^lnk
23tol— Rankln. 8« (Mclntyre)... 6 4h 2 3
25tol— Jane Holly. 96 (Hoffman) 3 5 6 S1U
Time. 1:46. Start j>oor. Won driving. Win
ner. C. D. Henshall's ch. g. by Martagon-
Nekomis. Epencerlan 99, Walnamolnen 103,
Lnralighter 89. finished aa named. Satire 90,
left.
Time. 1 :13 3-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. M. Tennee" br. g. <4) by Ben Strome-
Mlnt Julep. Don Domo 8S. Ecorpio 109. Cigar
lighter 83. Hands Across 10S, finished as
Darned.
FOURTH RACE— 61x turiongs; handicap;
all ages:
BetUng. Horse. Weight Jockey. EL K Fin.
16to5— Big Ben. 132 (Prior).... 1 4h 1 4
4 to 1 — M. Johnson 107 (Mclntr) 3 2 1^2 8
18 to 5— Sir Brtllar. »3 (Kunz).. 7 3^35
THIRD RACE— One aad a sixteenth miles;
Phoenix handicap; three-year-olds:
Bettir-g. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
33 to 5— Flor. King 114 (Rmnlll) 115 12
9 to 6— Brancas. 116 (Domlnlck) 5 6 2 3
10 to 1— 5J. M. Hay. 102 (Wshd) 3 2 *4 3 nk
Time* 1:47 2-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. H. Gardner's br. c. by Glganteum-
Rosa Reglna. Ananias 109. Prince Silver
wings 112. finished as named.
EECOXD RACE— Five and a bsif furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse: _, .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
7 to &— Cutter. 108 (Treubel) 4 13 13
3 to 2 — Subtle. 103 (Robblns) 2 3 4 2 2H
40 to 1 — Broadway Girl, 88 (Crstn) 7 6 5 8 2^»
Time. 1 :0S. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
J. A. Wernberg> b. h. by Gotham-Kenmore
Queea. Pelham 8S. Lawler 109. Smithy Kane
M West Brookfield 103. Blanche S 99. finished
CHICAGO, Oct. 22. — Floral King,
with 114 pounds up. made a show of
hi3 field in the Phoenix handicap to
day at Worth. He led all the way
and won unextended, with two' lengths
to spare. Brancas. the well-backed
favorite, was second, three lengths in
front of New Mown Hay, which, beat
Ananias a neck for third money.
The Canadians put over another
pood thins in the first race in Albert,
which, after leading by a big mar
gin throughout, barely lasted long
enough to win by half a length from
Emperor 1 of India, the hot favorite.
Summary:
FIRST BACI>— Six furlongs; t»-ee-year-olda
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
• to 1— Allbert. 106 (R. Johnson).10 14 1V»
7 to &-Emp. of India. 106 (Rbns) 9 ¦ 7 H 2 H
€0 to 1— My Jane 101 (HoSman). .12 11 5 8 n
Time 1:14 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner^ Ed Whltehead's b. g. (5) by Albert
r«da. Cardinal Wolsey 113. St. Paula 101.
Harney 103. Gas Heidorn 111. Jim Hale 111.
JIJss Anthony 10S. Beautiful and Best 114,
Anna Beall 106. Friendless 101, Hansard 124,
finished as named.
Epecisl Dirpatch to The Call.
Good Thing Lasts
Long Enough
to Win.
her, called her the "elegant bride." I
Imagine his feelings -when the , paper |
came out calling her the "elephant
bride."
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upt^OimBnaMiBaaawiii
Betting. Horse, .Weight, Jockey. St. : % Fin.
2 to 1— Pretension. ; 108 (McLghln) 4 2 2 11,
-..'A? 200-pound; Nebraska girl .was'mar
ried \the -otheri day. >' The?edltor^ of < the
local' papery after j racking his ', brains ; in
an '; effort to "say; something nice ' about
Miss Van Vllet ? Takes : the Trophy.
It was ; ladies' day ; at* the , park 5 yes
terday.b 'TheV finals of the ¦ Cochran
cup 1 being played, while's. \ third /class
singles tournament , wai . "completed
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 22.— Violin and
Layson from the Hayes barn ran one
two to-day in the Forecast handicap
at Delmar. Only three starters, went
to the post. The race .was worth $1820
Violin and L<ayson Perform Well in the
Forecast Handicap.
Time, . 2:02V4.' '¦' Start good. V Won 5 easily.-
Winner, J.- Lynch* s ch/ h.. (5)< by Eon-VIr
plllne. Extol 103. Lemon Girl 01, Imboden 94,
Mainspring 102, Burke Cochran 105, Jollier. 88,
finished ' as - named. " . ¦¦• , - '.'--'""¦•'
SEVENTH" RACE-TOne * and r three^slxteenth
mlles; ; three-year-old.and up:. - - -.;¦¦ "j.-.>>rj: • -••
Betting.- Ilorse,\V»'eirht; Jocney."' St. •¦:.'%*- Fin..',
8 to 1— Sam' Craig. 103 (Ixsgue)!." 9- 1 W-l 5 •
C to 1^-Babot. :: 96 . (Lee):.-.;..:...' 8 6 V> 2 1' ¦"¦
3 to 1— Marlln. < 104 -i (Cheatham) . . 1 2 1 3 n
HAYES 1 HORSES RUX OXE-TWO.
THIRD RACE-^-One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up: . . .:. - - , ¦
BetUng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Mlndora. 105 (Emblen). . 7 6 h . 1 h
6 to 1— Check Morgan. 03 (Wlllms) 8 7 1 2 ns'
4 to 1 — Frank Rice. 105 (Rice) .... 6 2 2 3 2
Time, 1:47%. Start good.; Won driving. - Win
ner, v B. Schrelber's br. -f.*-"<4) > by : Saln-Park
Ridge. Behoove 102,'. Dr.. Kler 105, Avoid 107,
Oudenarde 107, i Lyrist 99;. Amberlta 93,^ Algon
quin 93.. flniehed as named. -
: Only four more : sale * dates ' for' cheap .' tickets
to" the ; Falr-TOct. C 19th.'; 20th.'; 20th .and ,' 27th:
For- Darticulars relative ". X.o\ making * trip V over
Northern Pacific : Railway.- 1 see j T. K. fatateler,
General Agent.\647 .Market «t.t«S.F. •
Last : Chance : to See World's Fair.
SIXTH - RACE — Six , and - a half ' : furlongs ;
three-year-olds, and' up: -•:. -.- : ... -.>-¦. ¦•¦ . .-,-
Betting." Horse, .Weight, Jockey. Sti -«i "Fln..^
2 to 1— Felix ; Mozzes,109 (Young) 5 ': 6 2 T> 1 h ;',
8 to 1— T. : Knight, 103(Cheatham) 1 T 4 2 ' 2 Vt ¦:
15 to 1— Atlas,- 97 i. (Rice).V. :l?r;:' 3 ¦'• 2 1 , 3 h -'i
Time. 1:23. Start; fair.. Won drivlng. c i,Wln
ner.-J. .B."'Banahan:'&.Co.'«.- b.~c : (3) by:-8t.*'
Fellx-Annona. Howling -.Dervish- 108, 'Laura
Hunter 104, ; Miss ¦ Manners * 105, Tom . Manklns
104, '. Whiskers , l 107, , Bensonhurst v 104,* Albany
Girl 102, finished as named. . ' .
SECOND RACE— One mile; Forecast handi
cap; two-year-olds:';. >j* ,niiiiii>i_ir»4j l jwiii|)ii
BetUng. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % . Fin.
1 to 7— Violin. 100 (D. Austin).. 2 11 lb
1 to 7— L*r»on. 106 (Munro). . .'.'¦ 3 2 4 2 2
6 to 1— Dromlo, 92 • (S. Dick son ). 1 -3 3
Time. 1-.44. 1 Start good. Won driving.' Win.
ner. T. P.. Hayes' br.- f.- by. Charade- Viola E.
Three Btarters. •
SIXTH RACE — One and - an ¦ eighth miles;
handicap for all ages: :• ¦
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to &— Sonoma Belle.lOS(Cochrn) 4 12 12
2 to 1— Orthodox. 120 (Lyne) 1 2 1%2 4 '
9 to 2— Brigand. 102 (Hlldebmd) S 3 1 3 h '
Time, 1-.R0. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. C Cochran's ch. f. by Star Ruby-
Sonoma. Asct-tlc. Hello and Wire In finished
a* named. ?SBMMHfM HBIMHMBM
FIFTH RACE — One mile and serenty yards
for maiden three-year-olds and up; parse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «/ pj^
5 to 1 — Cannon Ball. 110 (Martin) 2 lh' 1 iu
8 to 6— Spring Bilk, 110 (Hlldbnd) 1 6 1 2h
20 to 1— Kult Blancbe.107 (ouras) 6 4 1^8 114
Time. 1:48 1-6. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, T. Stewart's br. c. by Artillery-Golden
Horn. RrTane. Sir Shep. All Right, Chattah
and Ikkl finished as named.
:^The - match ;of -thelassocia^
tlon.football season (wiir be Vplayedto£
day'j at" Freeman's Park; 1 Oakland,^ be-^
tween the' winners and Jt,he ' ruhners-up
f 6rv2 the": 1903-1904 of
the*; California; 'Association
Learue.>;,The ; kick-off • will 'i be ; at^ 2:30
prm.* ? The* teamsTwlil; line iupf ;' :
\. Vampires. , r] 'PositioM.- .-.Thistleai , :
Rolfe. .... .".... . .Goalkeeper .... .'. . . .Lowe
Pctersen. . .'.. . . . . Right back.'. . . ..'.... .Tierney
Harwood (Capt.); L«rt back. .V. ."..¦.'.; R." Taylor,
, Glarner.~vr; . .'; . : Right halfback. . . ..McGregor
Turner ....... .t. .Center, halfback :;.:. .Duncan
Smith.'. ..... .". ...Left' halfback: . .'. .Duncanson
Lees r. r: T™ n r;".V Outside 2 right . r. ... '. ; : Disher
; Rebcrtson ....... .Inside right.'.*.'. : . . . McKenrie
P. Fay;v:r.7:7;v; Center forward. T.;r. r.Lydon
T. Fay, r:.-C.;r.^ Inslde ; lett.".rr. .¦.:.:-.. .Smith
¦Wilding.; .-. . . ... .Outside left. .7. . . :... .Disher
Vampires to , Play the", ThisUes:
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs ; two-year-olds : ,
Betting. Horse. .Weight- Jockey. : St., % • . Fin. 1 '.'
10 to 1— Byplay. 104 . ( ilunro) ... 3 ' S . H 1' h .-'
Btol — The Eye. 98 (Dlckson).. "8", 4'U2 n'.'
2 to 1— Argosy, > 98 (Austin).'..".': 2*. 2 h <S n -
Time. j 1:15%. 'Start Vgood." Won; driving.'
Winner, M. Welch's b. . c.-^ by Star * Ruby-
Plalsance. Jungle Imp 09, McJetta 00, i Ollle
Burnett • 05. Mel 1 wood 08, . Kitty Belle " Brooks
98. Jack Moran 98, John " Randolph s 95, . Lady
Lou ' 95.^ finished as \ named. ; , ;-.- . : i ;¦, .
3 to 1— Footlights' Fav.,104(Dksn) l-'ilh "2 4 :
9 to 2— Taby .Tosa, 100 (Austin) . .' 2 « 8 H 3 3 . 1
- Time, 1 :47. Start good. Won easily. '."Winner,
P. M. Ewell's b. g. (3) by Oriflamb- Vanity.
Lubin 108, Flora Willoughby' 07, Jack Young
102, Aden . 114, * finished ' as named.' .- ,"-.".;•¦¦•: <-> y
'i/Cochran..';Cup (nnals)^— Miss Van
yiietpbeat m 6-4, 3 r l
(withdrew). • ; .;\ • . ;
Third • class ; singles-^Miss ; ; .Van ..Vllet
beat ! Miss r B.' ; Cully: ( 3 0 ) ;\7- 5; . 6- 3 ; • Miss
'A.','Greenberg;beat Miss ' H. -i I^evison ; by'
"default; } Miss (G. •' Saylef- beat ? Miss L.
Smithi by f default; :Miss Van* Vliet- beat
Miss • Greenberis: t(30), ;,6-0, 6 T 3; > Miss
Saylor/ a'bye. V
"'-. Flnals-^-Mlss iVan Vllet r va.*' Miss
Saylor:(30): > ; . a "-. "- \-.
down; to * the , finals. Miss i Van .Vliet
won r the Cochran'cup, which was com
ipe^ed; f orif orj: the " first : timer,:; In .the
finals ;stie^proved too stronar.for. Miss
Annabell'VoddenJ^ '-': f :jlr£:" .¦¦_'• -".-.-• ¦'¦¦ ,_': .¦/¦>.
' ( . In"? th'e*; third ; class i'event • Miss iVan
,Vlie tTy.who r won - the t class last
.was 3. again '.' allowed f to rcompete', Abut
'was .; asked -: to f eTive"all.;her; opponents
oddsYof r V30."^ It was ; asking. a good
deal ~6t her; but 'she showed' how ,^lev- ;
er, she .: Is"' by; winning: ; her i way/toUhe
finals t without ' losing a ; set. , • Follow'
ihg.'are.'the: results:. , . \' '- x
to the' winner. Pretension equaled the
track record in the fourth race. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACD— Three-year-olds; six and ' a
half furlongs : '
Betting. Horse; Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 2— Tattenham. 97 (McLghln) 2 . 11 11%
2 to 1— Jake . Webr, 105 <Munro) 8 4 1 2 8
10 to 1-Swwt Note. 05 (L. warns) » 6 2 3 ne
-.TTrne. 1:23 Hi- Start good. - Won driving.'
Winner.' J. R.. Croker's ch.' g. (3), by Tristan-
Vocaletta, ' Flora 07. Pompeii 100, Flyer 10T,
Birdie Stone 100. Dr. Kiley 100, Catherine
Knox 100. finished as named. (Sam Lazarus
105 pulled 'up.) . .:
FOURTH RACE — Six lurlont*; The Tama
cua handicap: all a^est
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. SL % -Fin.
6 to 1 — Augur. 02 (Crlmmloi ) ...9 61 14
4 to 1 — Ascension. Ill (RedTern) 7 1 14,2 i
12 to 1 — Cloten. Ill (Wonderly).. 8 4 8 3 1
Time. 1 :13 2-8. Etart talr. Won easily
Winner. J. R. Kaene's ch. g. by St. Leonards.
Seeress. High Chancellor, Race King. TVotan
Mamie Worth, CoIVector Jeuup, King Pepper'
Waterside, finished ft* named.
THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlong*;
The Oceanus stakes; two-year-olds:
Bettlne. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Heart's Desire 104 (Hldb) S 2 2 1 n
7 to 1 — Bedouin. 122 (Burns) 8 C 1 2 1
8 to 2--Hendzarra. 109 (Redfern) 1 1 3 3 h
Time. 1:07 3-5. Start fair. Won drlvtnr.
Winnner, II. B. Durj-ca's br. J. by Hamburg-
Admiration. Blncber. - Inspiration. Czaraphine
Austin Allen. Allumeur. flnlsbed as named.
EECOND RACE— Ore and a. sixteenth miles;
lhree-jrear-old£ and up; selling:
Bettinr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Pin.
ti to &— Glisten, SS (Hildtbrand)... 6 7h In
6 to 1— Gravln*. 10S (ILP.PhiUlpB) 1 4 1 2 6
6 to 1— Seymour. 100 (Eperlinr).. 3 lh 3h
Tim«. 1:49. Start lair. Won drlvlnc. Win
ner, W. H. Bchutt* ch. f . by Knight of Ellers
lle-Beloved. Araehne. Dimple. Akela. Court
mald. AceTul and Locket finished as named.
Twelve thousand persons say H. B.
Duryea's Heart's Desire win the
Oceanus stake, the chief race of the
day. She defeated Bedouin. Hand
zarra, Blucher. Czaraphine and others.
There were good odds against Heart's
Desire, because many had failed to
note that in her previous race she
.'was cut off by Handzarra on the back
stretch and really had little chance
to -make up her lost ground because
of the fast pace. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlonn; three-year-oldi
anfl up; selling: ¦ • -
Bettlrs. Horse. 'Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
IS to 5— Monet. 10* (Travera) 4 6 1 ln
18 to 6— Old Enrlanjl. 85 (Crimns) 3 2 1 2 h
4 to 1 — RlRht and True. 100 (Dv«> 2 3 1 8 1%
Time. 1:13 4-5. Start stracgllnr. Won clev
erly. . Winner. I*. V. Bell'* ch. c by Ben
etrome-Mldrose. Counterpoise, AsUrlta, Libe
ria. To San. Tounr Henry. Monte Carlo and
Cbarlem E'.lwood finished a* earned.
JAMAICA. Oct. 22. — Three heavily
backed good things went through in
to-day's races in James R. Keene's
Augur, winner of the fourth race;
Thomas Stewart's Cannon Ball, win
ner of the fifth race, and Mrs. Charles
Cochran's Sonoma Belle, winner of
the sixth race. Judging by the fact
that all three closed at much smaller
odds than were exhibited at the open
ing of the betting and the further fact
that certain shrewd operators are
known to have won heavily on Augur
and Sonoma Belle, the day must be
put on record as a bad one for the
bookmakers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bookies Are Hit
Hard by Big
Bettors.
THE SAN : FRANGISCOyCALli; i\ S I JNDAY^i OCTOBER';/ 23/: 1904^
50
g " HERE IS , OF OUR^ CURES.'!: |
S " "Itwas.cured of. rupture over a year ago and feel as if I had S|
8 -never been ruptured. Seven treatments were sufficient. } ,X
§ . >. v ¦;¦;:•:; •¦ '; . , V.'I. LEVtSON. Rqcklin. Cal." ' JB
S Our cure is safe, sure and practically painless. No time is lost.
g Ask any* of the following Kentlemen:.^ :Rev. Sidney • Wilbur.--' 1310 .'"«
8 Octavia st.; S.F.: Peter Smith. 616 Fourth st.; -W. ».T.l Ramsev. <n - g
Q Hayes St.; C. E. Howard.. 738 Mission St.; "VV. D. Evans. i;uq Oc- g
» tavia St.; Solomon '.Hirs'chv.. 108 Monroe St., San Jose; E. G.Hursch. <;
8 366B Twentieth St.; 'Mr Bounsall, Galistoga; G. W. .Stoddard. 702 S
S •' Tenth; st.V Sacramento. : Hundreds of other addresses will be furnished. ?
§ Call and see' us.. S
8 flDELiTY RUPTURE CURE, I
I 1344 MARKET STREET, S. F. |
. ', HALM'S.' \ ¦ nAIJE'S. ¦ V. '/ , [ , "HAIiE'S. r .1 HALE'S. I , , HAIJTS.
Demonstration^^^ T^
..„ , • , , •' - - '• . , • * .7 .,-- It's a broad statement. This is a broad
different shapes, in black, green, brown, Women's hats (trimmed and ready-to-wear), ¦children's hats and trimmings opportunity, and Hale six-store buying
champagne, navy and castor, at 95c. beautiful styles, all specially ;• priced;- will bid every woman in San Francisco -welcome to the Hale ¦ millinery never stood out more strongly than now.
And other hats for women and chil- store to-morrow - ¦. ,/ Look at these other trimmings. And re-
t d o re welr immed and Untrimmed ' and ready Beautiful' pattern hats, even many from Paris, will be $15,00. Not one of them should be less than $25. g^f^^ 11 Ut them ° n y ° Ur hatS
At 66c— imuarea'. Beaverett. Hat.— At 60o-^Soft Scratch Pelt Hats— Swell °At\$8,OO' will" be" hatS that are WOrtti l every, bit Of $15- NO tW00 Atle __ Black Q^^perfect Second At 95c— O^icH Pompon.— Worth $1.50;
Untrimmed. ln four different shapes, ready-to-wear hatat for women: in alike, evervncw color, every shape, trimmed With OStnch plumes, not .mail. . . soft curled ostrich pompons, with
in white and color, 65c instead of white, and red, blade. a i gre ttes, pompons. ¦ At ac-Qull^-In white, blue. *reen/ | 5 f f^tiVo? So"' *'""* OjdV '
At ftfS=^WtSSS w SSri 8 iu At9 fe^^ P 9ic?n n s r t b efd g^ m 5r d At $4.75we have never had so many styles to .choose- from. mThkt ftre worth $1 . 75; A t nas-siMkOrtrieh Pinme^Good
colors except white tu At 85c— 8 Style, in Ready-to-Wear.— All Then there are beautiful trimmed hatS att $3.75, in velvet and *; BpiTndid values; In black, blue. red. I°ns ones the verv shortest worth
At Si .25 — Pour Sew Shapes — In scratch colors. -,, - ; ---.- • , . , , ¦% r .» j it U1--1. U~*. . ¦ hrown white and creen • t J5.00. All perfectly curled in the
felt, untriramed; white, pale blue. At 32 25 Eeafly-to-Wear Hati-For wo- Silk, trimmed With plumes and feathers, and plenty Of black hata Drown, wnne ana green. _v French style. Other plumes In
reseda green-colors most popular men; worth 55.00; trimmed with amontr them Everv one of them worth $6 00. " At Mo-BUck Cut Oitrieb PompontLJ black at 35c. 59c. 95c and $1.25.
now. $1.25 instead of 3 1.75. pompons, wings; every one hand- dIIlun b mem.. tdVCiy one ui uiciii worm $u.uu. .,,,., r ln a bunch, and a bUnch for Sac;
At S1.75— Pine Velvet Shapes— Hand- made. One of the best values of all. »And ready-tO-wear hatS at $3.45, in chenille braid and felt; worth 75c. ;;^:\ At 19c— New Pram*..
veteen"? Styles! new French^allora" At 11 . bfrds' n0 tvVO alike. \ HatS New York's foremost millinefs , made to Sell See the window to-day and you will see how much more the prices mean even ;
Gainsboroughs and turbans; nearly breasts, ribbons or velvet ' 5 t «nn * n A ¦'** «« . ' than we have been able to tell you here. We would rather have you expect less
every color. $1.75 Instead of $2.75. At 50c Children's Keadv-to-Wear Eati at dHQ $7.00. . • and be able to give you more.
At 95c— Oirl.' Hat»— 22 different styles; —That are worth $1.00; lots of Sem - It's demonstration week: A week we have set aside to show you how . P.'ft-AN EXAMPLE: On one of the hats at 815.0O we notice a paradise
an^tendsT" 1 ribbons ' £Old buttons Sto« ed WUh rlbb0 " bands; a11 strong we are in millinery— how much stronger we are. this year than we grtiii5nf under • KO.fo ("Sulliy. Wo doubt lf you could buy the blrd alone as a
S Sv SEr^S? r^lir^^Sn We I! Trim Every Hat Free I sJ>&sA2i SSlT\ ab^c^cc^
rialforyotir ordinary skirt length and - Whether it's a woman's hat or a child's hat, if you buy the trimmings - Values are better and added to. 21- Writing Paner at 60c
Starts to-morrow. Interest is in- our expert man tailor will mate you of us. We have sho%vn some of the styles in the picture.,- Some of them in £}£* "JJf £%& £*£** 21 " lnCh ' , a ,.
n^ S oL V a!id C e S d. arC "' the>indow to-day. But come.tb the store to sec how much they mean. If, , * fflg SS^fc. &
It Isn't the single sale. It's your L __ you can t come order by mail. . . , of iliicg. i.: n j wftm - n - 1:1, « tr> write nn
future confidence we are after. We : ; : : K j" a J vomen HKC lo wnie on -
want you to think of Hale's when- A F* 'I l_l /^V a. • j. j. P> We have takei * a " extra large lot
ever you think of silks. To-morrow: A 1X61713 TK f\ Dl^ I /DnOril IFII I V TO fSllV •' to sell at this extra low price to-
Glace Silks at 60c- '• ] A IXCIlldl KdUlC UppUl LUlllty LU DUy «|
19 inches wide. Glace Melrose ; A 1^ T I1T« a % * S+ • J_ Hike thoSP nirtlirpH j am , -, -- . , n « V' *
. i^cosKs A New Winter Suit Sr at $7 en Pound Ink Paper > 12Hc
waverine colors. 19-inch srlace taf- XA A ":.w.-''T:T * **** * VM**- in tile CUtj %A, L- *K # •O^-^- Satin or linen finished paper, note
feta at 75c a yard; 27-inch rlace ... . - . ._ _ , Sj'aJtfc . - • . , " . . r ,- size. We think it is the best value we
taffeta at si.00 » yard. All sizes 34 to 40, Eton blouse and jacket styles, in black, blue, tan and mixtures, and on these suits we will have ever seen, we want to know what
Swivel Silks at a^c vd^— i " n •••«""" •" r r * ** • »>iww%> «_» >.^ »w »» you think to-morrow at 12%c lb.
Jf^^g^^jtJj^JS make all reasonable alterations free of charge.
ocH^ 8 I€ tr vHhe. ni w«?l? • • •¦ *' 'rl:J@L * ]£$*$ ¦ - They're in cloth, cheviot and mixed materials; Men's Flannelette
60C.55C and esc yard. I^^^^^^^fe^^^iSPl ever y size here » so ever y one c * n be fltted as long-as N i5 h J Shirts at . 45 f ° u Order by Mail
2i-m. Black Taffeta 45c — l^^^^^^vSKfVS^^^WS^^Mn^A.' fV>^,. \X *. tu :ti u - • 1 1 t • Made generously full V1 . utl U J 11iai1
It's a rich silk, it's a rich value. SSj^ -"^ IaSt * ' he Y WI " be Snappea Up quickly for rainy for freedom and case and If you can't come to the store, order
he% r it's a worth us 6!c ya?d. You Ugt tf 'U&^fPlPP^M^^ day or" work suits. If you have a particular color or c ° m ( ort . $ 2 inches ion*. anything: in this ad b V mail.
will be surprised when you see the J^fllLrT "4 :U^V% • *^ J " * V^ " -' r 1- . , „ F U ' tulul » KJi all Sizes, 15 to 19. Made w wlll sen _ vmi .... _„_ fa11
75eiS«tta4 a l «i ta ' tolack ******** W®m£pfji "Imji [s^k^T P^i^ an Eton to a jacket effect, or vice versa, we with turn-down -collars or catrio^ue. en r Q epie?e wi" new Jyll
Bla^k^audeJ^t^-^ n W ° Uld adVJSe y° U tO ' C0me earl y-' . blueo? gr^SripS. «t,
sCw^SHl^PS: Ul^^ffll wMmm More New Styles Have Come In ° cv.1** CO 1 C\
argfi»---— \^t[Wm^mM WooltexSuitsforWom^n Sale, of Curtains $2.19
o, , 7 , -V«sl//ff^^^P VyyUltCAOUlLhIUryyOmen Regular 5100 Arabian Curtains .
Black Dress UOOuS I /, awAw I lifr &J£jZ?fi They will be shown first time tomorrow. Yesterdav a y^ • i. At.- • • • A t. .. t -
To complete the occasion. r^-MM 4W >Plpi ' Woman » bu^ n S one of Wooltcx $5 coats for rfiil- c ?°°' P T Zt °™ P ? CC ' com P r : sin^ the «f irejine
42-in. Black Alpaca at 35c- 1 ?^JW I t ill - J##ti • made the remark that it was better than any coat she ?£ an "^ I£ y ° U ""? "^ CUVt *T SU^ y Share
KSASS^ltfS it VS&£&& \' r nV> UlilMmmm had paid ;$8.oo for before. e man any coat she these to-morrow. See some of them in a window today.
Sicilian at 75©.. Some unusually I //// IfiX IJ IMfJfli^lfl We have had dozens of women make similar «ts»t«.T n .nt. >«?», 1- . They're ln.cable weave. 5 patterns, plain centers with fancy borders,
extra values to-morrow to sup- • 1 ////Jin j\$ \\A YI^W#$*VV « ar «i to th" "hlldren ? s coa?s° wSmTn's coaS sklrSand s^ults Cer^lniv V 8 a ¦P»*n«»id curUta for any room In the house. It's an opportunity
plement this October silk sale. W/JI'l'iiA 4t/#-£#£#TA we havc "^ ver **™ such su tsbefore at these prices All-wool mL^/ fOr a P, artm « nt hous ° k o ee P e " \° fl » , th «^ n want3 ln a hls way - 30 ° P alr3
French Voiles at 7 S C— *. . // f/i I AYW [W^k^^MA rlal8 ' P«^ct tailoring and finish; eve" colt lfned with iuk Sr SSln" 8peClal to - morrow at $2.19 instead of $3.00.
j&K&iHk^i«sr% VWlvSi P#W^ A^ h 5 «£ &*? « .-a- *\g»s^y^*28^ n o c &rj%r^
ss^Asr . Z^Ewm^m^m^-^ sStW.^ brald and buttons: sffi y .ui£?3w" s i:t^v^^' box or window
Black Broadcloth at Si 00— // ' fH fc^i I VOpf^gV At S20.0O-Mi.sses' suits in blue che- At^ 818.75— Suits for 'women ln Nottingham weaves. $1.95. Silkollne 8 l-3c yard— FUrurM sllko
7 j>^g|g»8»g^^ — f^i* lg> *nir f* 1 *™"^ „ n-ctij. -.:>.,,;.:-, -\ ::. : ,; ;-¦ them have tight-ntting Jackets. bed chambers or attic or base- Dainty patterns for home draping
¦-' ' : "" ' : *•"' ' - ' '•¦ ; •¦-¦••¦• ** ' . ' ' ' q ment windows. ¦ 3 yards long?. or comforter coverings.
A great outpouring of good notions- to-morrow is headed, by jVT I "rVT rw^ • •
thesesoc New Laces: New Trimmings Stockings More Important
Pf^Hv-f n-^V^^ir X^r E every new st -X Ie and every new P attern
acau J > u TT ccl1 Oat _ .Many new ideas are shown for the first . time tomorrow: -V , Than They Have Been -in Many a Day.
Shields made specially for us. Require no sewing or pinning ; and * ' * ¦ ,_
and accomplish the result they're made for better than any other ' attl J C * IV J h neSS ' and maybe we can help you in selecting. Boys' 20c Stockings at »^c: Girls'- 20c stockings at I2%c; Women's 2S c
shield. : ' -wTSSl^^^rff^^^ ! stockings at 15c; Women's wool stocking at I9 c; Women's lace stock-
Made of rubber, specially prepared, so it can be laundered^ sizes- t^S 0^.^^!!!^^^"^ 18^^!!"^ 1^ ings at 35c; Women's fancy stockings at gc.
2, 3. 4 and 5. 35c pair. They should be 50c. Ventilated ¦hield» at 48c -JoJ Tto^ai m ' Sf^^!?ivl < 2S l J?-*Sw5i 1 V!? «^»« e J or 8le « v es and berthas, 8 . . ' . . , , . r * .- . n^ '.
pair that should be 75c ¦ 6oc to si.oo. au pure rIUc pattern* 8I.00 to $1.50 yard. jjot a pair in the hundfeds (out for the first time to-morrow) but deserves
To-morrow is opportunity day ln notions. Some of these things you ¦*¦* 35c yard — Spangled +fi™™ir,p-«, i» n ¦ — . . __ ., -!•.__ _,,;-i,i,, _» x.,11 •
need you can save op now. S V . /; . black galloons, appliques anl band And to make the occasion een full prices. Not a pair but we could sell as quickly at full prices as
Basting Cotton. 6 50-yard spools 5c; Sleeve Protectors. 1 5c pair: checked .effects. And at 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 erallv interesting here are these under prices we sell them at.
Tw°" y fl r r,Uh P Thr M H f °(lnnoi« and "ateen. -flnlBhed with ¦ nickel, and $2.00 yard. ThW^ I ovl R«! :" '' . Perhaps you don't know how hard it Is to get stockteKS at fnll prices now.
L1 5c- n No 40 Sift 3 8P °° 1S Tan^M MW r M 2 for K<T so' inch.. At 50c yard-Silk annllnn* : trta'mlrri In LaCe Bargains . Dealers do. Know that there has been almost a famine in certain kinds.
Safely Pins 3c dozen; nickel; sizes 6 ° £$$ . nora^d "«e£ uS .S^ th«" " *\JS££^%S2&ii* i * aaa P^I ' They will know that these values are even stronger than they look. It's
1. *«**•¦ ' Spool Silk. 100 yards. 10c spool; %¦ and 'btaS Up oM S"- -¦.A^^^i^S^SSttSL^SSi ' «uch an opportunity as we haven't had before to show you the full power
Brass Pins. 3c a paper. ounce. 15c spool; % ounce, 30c; up to $3.00 yard. eral in sets. i% to 'wide behind this Hale stocking store; power that takes us behind scenes
Stockinet Shields. 6c pair; sizes 2. 3 1 ounce, 60c spool. ; At $X.SO yard— Spangled net alldvers. 18 . and insertions to match. 1 to 2 ; :" where other stores don't get a chance "to go.
CoTsVsteels 5c pair; black and Z^oS!^ 'nrgT^r?^ 'T'^^*&*&T*£1Z'' yart-Worth 5c and 7 % c; , It's an opportunity we are K oin S to make the most of in these .al«.-to-
drab, 4-hook. card* also eyes- and loops, black fwi»v«l/ wmte, $2.00 to : Normandy. Valenciennes and Point morrow.
' CU aidlum n S«ii 5C ; Bma11 "* b^^w^ 1^ 68 ;- c ' >, : 55.50yard. 4kF"nVe\s e^ a tI Ifnc^'^: ' We have taken an extra bargain table for them, provided extra salespeople
ChTdren" S^Hose Supporters. 5c "aLfftff^it^Sr^JS SSS: : - " ?£ZJPSz!^^i^*£?'- to° K S'l " and. selling space down the stocking aisle. Let the value, talk.
fo^^f/ke^burtsr^aspfnmSii 1 : tsxrs^^^^r^:^ t^^sv^^rir^^ %^^Jgi£\&4&&k i i^ : i&*j°^&£&t m 35C Wocl stockings X9C -
medlum and large sizes. V co!o« . ¦" *' y ' :"" k : tlve/mixed c6lors. : 7%c, 81-3c, 10c, manSy. Valenciennes tnd pSint de " StS o^ ni^w^m wSSS and women. Fast black and Oxford
Al y^; 8 b^^co^s pleca of ; 6 , 15c . a oc, 2 5oto7 S0 . ;Blss&S;;!(ftft j ; • f£=r" s&; ZT^jSF»£l&
Pincushions. 5c s tomato shape, Scott's Hip Form and Bustle, sizes : At 16c yard-Persian band trimmings. Inches wider In floral, bowknot and 7**. S% and 9*. merino heels and toea. Sizes 3^
small and large sizes. . 0. 1. 2 and 3,, black, gray, blue and .straight- edge and fancy edged ef- pretty Teneriffe designs. ._ ' ¦ to 10. 19c pair.
Hairpins, lc package; 25 ln pack- pink. 50c each. Size 4 $1.00 each. . f ects. 15c, 25c and BOc yard. O ¦ — -O Girls' 3OC StOCkUlCT at I2)4C.
age. straight or waved, all sizes. Wire Bustles, 25c each; • light and '¦' Vi ¦ ¦""¦ '.:'.»' \ ?T. y' ¦ Seamless, fast black, lisle flnl*h.
CU c b O !o?eS S ' 5C CaCh: 10 ° C ° UnU JCt ° r M a C Sc ta s b ni e elds. 25c pair; odorless. OSLJS^JaW 'W ' '" " " ~ rjTlSSo'&J 1 ""* '^ ™ " 5OC Lace Stockings at 3.SC-
Jet Pins, 3c box; CO ln colored tin light, and can be laundered, sizes * \^F?S^fflcj -^^rafflf 11 IbB/ „ 4g\ Fcr women. Allover lace llsl*. lace
box. 3 and 4. - . /*W/ siJStt&S. W^g^ . Women's 25C Stockings at ISC pr— . welt at the top. double French
Chiffon Stock Collars. Be each; black Gem Rubber Shields, 20c pair; soft, / ¦ ivmmT 00^. J£8li Jr4&nmf inmf - /SSbtSsS) MHR& Fast black maco cotton, extra long soles; sizes S to. 10. t 35c pair.
or white, pointed, sizes 12% to 16. light and elastic; size 3. f£ww/ jMfflt dSSBKyMsf-ji HmL^^b tWHCai* rcXB7^^t£&V and elastic, double soles spliced
Finishing Braid. Cc piece; 6 yards Whalebones. 10c bunch; 8 and 9 . /J&W/ /SSfi {2=55*53** ' vSS^^^ heels, sizes 8 to 10 '
to piece, white and colors. Inches: 10 inches at 12^4c bunch. /flKr ' MAWmmA^^JLr^^t^^ ¦¦' m* i 3 ' — ' • ;¦ . , - '¦ r"hHr!ren'q ¦aer ¦tee. nr
card, lines 16 to 22. macK. -£3Ra&u — — f ¦ m*^*^- sizes 8H to 10. 6, 6^, 7 and 7H- 15o pair.