Lady Curzon Passes Comfortable Day.
; WALMEB CASTLE, Kent, England,
Sept. 3O.-^--Lady Curzon has passed",a
very comfortable* day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— The Chil
ean. Government-, intends, according to
the Herald's correspondent at Valpa
raiso, to open the Oqul Isthmus In
Magellan Straits, with the -'purpose ' of
shortening, navigation.
Chile to. Open tlie Oqul Isthmus.
WOOD CREEK. Mont.. Sept. 30. — A
shooting 1 ' affray, in which two-, men,
ench more than 60 years of age, par
ticipated, occurred at a ranch about
ten miles from Wood Creek this morn
irg. A . man named Charles /y/oung
v.'as shot twice, once through* the
shoulder and once through the breast,
by William Connor. The two men hatd
had trouble over a line fence. Young's 1
condition is serious.
Two Affed Men In Montana Engage In
Heated Dispute and One
Is Shot.
QUARREL "OVER A FENCE
TERJIIXATES IX SHOOTING
• PARIS, Sept 30. — A* bold robbery
hks- been committed, on a "mail "car be
tween. Paris and Havre,'. containing a
quantity of" American mail.' The
train' which left here* at midnight
contained a mail cap which was en
tirely given up to mall for the United
States. There were about 100 mail
pouches on the car,' which was sealed
and heavily locked. On arriving ; at
Rouen this morning it was found that
the American mall .car had been bro
ken 'open and that the pouches were
in .great disorder. Ninety one bags
had been opened and their contents
rifled'- of .such valuables as they may
have" contained. There. is no record
of their contents or/of the valuables
abstracted.
Thieves Cut Open <Ninet"y-'One Ponches
and Steal Letters. Directed to the.
United States. * .
BOLD : ROBBERY OCCURS
ON- A FRENCH MAIL QAR
WASHINGTON, Sept SO.-It is said
at the State Department that the dis
pute with Panama as to" Jurisdiction
over th« canal zone on the isthmus
will be satisfactorily settled by Min
ister Barrett- at Panama. The re
port that Panama wishes to have
the dispute referred to the tribunal'
at The Hague for settlement is
pronounced to be without foun
dation. The department disclaims
knowledge of any ultimatum to this
offect.that Minister Barrett is said to
bo bringing to the United States.
LENNOX, Mass., Sept. 30.— Sir Mor
timer Durand, the British Embassador,
has received a ..dispatch from Acting
Secretary of Sta.te Loomis which em
bodied the - substance of . Governoc
Bates' letter .to the State Department
in the Phelps-Gurney episode. The
Embassador* authorized Loomis to
thank- Governor Bates for his letter
and also .-to" vkiform him that Mr".
Gurney wished -to express regret. if he
had not conformed to the motor speed
regulations. '*¦
He Violated the Motor Speed
Regulations.
Brit teli Secretary SwysIIc Is Sorry II
GURNEY EXPRESSES REGRET
THROUGH ' EMBASSADOR
• TRENTON, N. J.. Sept. 30.— Vice
Chancellor Pitney, in an order made In
Jersey City Wednesday and filed here
to-day, restrained the proposed meet
ing at Jersey City to-day for .the" carry
ing out pf the merger of the American
Tobacco Company, the Consolidated
Tobacco Company and the Continental
Tobacco Company, pending a disposi
tion of the rule to show cause, which
is returnable at Newark on October 11.
The proceedings to restrain the mer
ger were instituted by Julius B. Ikel
helmer of New York, Henry Kessell of
Arverne, N. Y., and John M. Rankln
of. Jersey City. The complainants are
holders of bonds of the Consolidated
Tobacco Company and claim" that their
holdings- would be injured by. the car
rying out of the proposed merger.
• NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Only a few
shares pf the Continental Tobacco.
Company were voted against the mer
ger plan when the stockholders of that
company met this afternoon, while
869,546 shares were voted In favor of
the proposition. The adjournment of
the meeting of the Consolidated Com
pany's stockholders was agreed on by
those in charge of the proposed c :nsol
idation. Mt being thought "best that a'
particular meeting be held over with~
out action at this time, although it
was said that the injunction had not'
yet been served
PLANS FOR COMBINING THREE
TOBACCO COMPANIES CHECKED
SAN BERNARDINO, . Sept. 30.—Sev
eral explosions, probably of dynamite,
"occurred beneath the cement piers of
the Santa Fe bridge over the western
channel of the Lytle Creek Wash in the
western part of this city to-night. The
expl'osrons were heavy" enough to be
heard- at. the.- roundhouse, more than
a mile away. The cause was unknown
until persons from the vicinity- of the
bridge came to the Santa Fe . head
quarters to report.
Dispute With Panama Over
Canal Zone Jurisdiction
Will Xot Go to The Hague
TO BE SETTLED
BY BARRETT
Dynamite' Exploded' Under
Piers of. Santa Fe Struc-'
ture Near San Bernardino
TRY TO BLOW
UP A BRIDGE
JJEW YORK, Sept. 3O.-Mr. and. Mrs.
William K. Vanderbilt Jr. had a thrill
ing experience to-day in a flfty-mile
an-hour norwester off Glen Cove and
Mrs. ..Vanaerbilt proved herself a
plucky sailor. .
The Vanderbilt's seventy-fopter Vir
ginia was roughjy handled by..the gale.
Its Jib was blown to ribDons and Mrs.
•Vanderbilt prevented horself. from be
ing flung" overboard only by • tightly
clutching" • projections on the yacht.
Vanderbilt topk the. vessel, which was
almost avaeh, .under the lee of Rye
Baach. " •
The Vanderbilts' -experience lasted
only about 15 minutes," but in that time
they were kept busy trying to keep on
board 'the yacht.-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Sept. 30.— Dr. W. A. Whit-
Iock. a prominent physician, was sent
to jail torday for contempt of court.-
Dr. Whitlock was a witness in an" as
sault to murder case. On the ground
that it called for expert testimony, he
refused to answer a question unless
first assured of reasonable remunera
tion. The court ordered the doctor to
answer the question under penalty of
being sent to jail for contempt. He
persisted In his refusal, and was com
mitted to Jail. .
• After two hours' .confinement he
changed his mind, agreed to answer
the questions and was released.
Physician, Decides to Obey
Orders of-Court'.A.fter.Get
ting Taste of Prison Cell
Mrs. "Willie" Van
. derMlt Is at Sea
.in a Gale.
Upon receiving *the appeal from the
would-be independent State, Acting
Secretary of- State Loomis made an in-,
vestigation and secured reports from
the French and Brazilian representa
tives here, which satisfied him that
there was no warrant for interference
vr!th the Brazilian claim .by this Gov
ernment. . ' "
WASHINGTON. Sept. 30. — The"
American Government has been for
mally requested to extend its recogni
tion to a new State on this hemisphere.
The request is made by "the Free State
of the Counani." This is the small bit
of territory formerly wedged between
the borders of French Guiana apd
Brazil, claimed by both nations, but
decided by an arbitrator to belong to.
Brazil.
Strip of Territory, Belonging to Brazil
M&kes Formal Application to
. the United States. :
A£KS TO BE RECOGNIZED
AS INDEPENDENT STATE
SHOWS HER
PLUCK IN
BIG STORM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.RENO, Sept." 3O.r-Eyidence that the
dental parlor 'thieves, who coriimitted
so many daring crimes throughout the
country last' year, are again at work
was "discovered in Reno this morning
when Dr. Qulnn, a dentist, opened his
.offices-.'and discovered tjiat gold, and
instruments to the Value of more than
"$409 had been stolen during the. night.
An entrance was gained to the offlce
through a transom.
Dr.' Quinn' noticed two strangers
1 around his place for several days. One
professed to 'be. a dentist and visited
.his office early in the week. Since the
'criihe both men have disappeared. ' It
.is thought they are the guilty parties.
Their work stamps them as experts. •
Bferio. . Jootli-Ptiller Victim
of Wliat Is Believed to Be
Organized Burglars' Gang
thV rabbi of ..a' synagogue in Wilmlng
tori,. I^el., ScjiNyeitz was at last arrested
pn f a complaint of the postoflice Inspec-
; tors of BostQij^and New. York to-day. •
r • Schweitz'sTtrtethods were not new. He
Avould raise\tlv| amount . of j a postofflce
money' order.vt^sh it with some'. trades
man and . leavi&town before the trades
riian~fpund^b"^jresehtirig the order at
jthe , nostpflltjetighat it } wjas^JIra udulehC
Schweitz;' according
were originally taken <out for $8 and
subsequently changed to JSOi The post
office inspectors have several money
orders, v/hich they say were for $8 orig
inally, and which were changed by
simply adding zero at the top of the
order and a "y" to 'the eight. This par
ticular combination pf figures 'and let
ters favored the ingenious operator.
NEW YORKrgept.3 SO/— After a chase
of 7000 miles'in'this country, and after
tracing trieir:man to .London and Paris
arid ",¦ back. 'to; America ! again," the "post
office inspectors of, Boston and New
•York- hav^'.'arrestediPhlllip Schweitz,
who, according to their" accusation, has
eclipsed' aJl*.ca'ses ' of forgery and fraud
thatv they^have . dealt. : with in recent
years. With? the curtnlrig of a fox
Schweitz : has-been raising amounts on
postofHce orders and 'collecting . money
onnthem in all the principal cities arid
•town's in " the, -United" States, if the
charges made by .the- department
against him are' true. -With the'help of
THIEVES STEAL
DENTIST'S GOLD
ing the present harvesting . of good
crops. •
The. placards of the new; society be
ing circulated, are identical with those
once used by the Boxers, with this ad
dition : "If every member will distrib
ute thirty ' copies we shall become as
numerous as the Boxers and' on" Oc
tober 17,. the Chung- Yiaifg festival, all
foreigners will be destroyed." . .'¦
•The membership of the Tsai Yuan in
cludes clerks', subordinate customs ofll*
cials, Buddhist priests, and influential
natives. The foreign /Ministers, have
confidence in the ability of the Viceroy
to suppress j the - trouble. That "official
is the same who suppressed 'the- Box
ers of Shantung in '1900.* /The situation
is not critical.." ' . •. •
NEW YORK. Sept. 30.— Unrest 'is in
creasing among the natives.. 'in Uh'e
South Chili, North Honan . arid West
Shantung districts of China, according
to a Herald dispatch from Peking. The
new anti-foreign, society,- ' the Tsai
Yuan,, is spreading rapidly, even. dur-
An active campaign has been, insti
tuted to influence the President to In
terfere between the Belgian^ Govern
ment and its paramount interest in af
fairs in Congo. •
Although the President talked with
Morel he gave no indication • of his
probable action. • . . "
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— President
Roosevelt -was again asked to-day* to
interfere in the administration of the
affairs of the government of Congo
State. C. D. s Morel, accompanied by
Acting Secretary Loomis of: the State
Department, called at the White House
and presented the President with the'
petition circulated by the Congo ' Re
form Association, ".supported by the
British and Foreign Anti-Slavery S6 r
ciety and the Aborigines Protection So
ciety." The petition is signed first by
the Right Hon. Earl of Aberdeen. Sir-
Gilbert Parker, Lord Bishop of Liver
pool, Earl Norbury and W. T. Stead
have also signed it.
The memorialists say that they are
"seeking the counsel and pleading for
the assistance of the first citizen of
the American republic, which has ever
interested itself powerfully in. the cause
of civilization. It is a matter of honor
for all nations and individuals in any
way responsible for the creation of the
Congo State to do all that is possible
toward the removal of a system "which
has grown up under . the governing
power and offenses committed under
t* ¦•-.' - - r i. *••... :¦**"¦: ..¦-",>:-. iU~.~*.-., :¦:::':¦
The memorialists, as a basis for their
requests, recite an act of the House of
Comtnor.B. of May 20, 1993, requesting
the British Government to confer with
other powers "to abate evils" prevalent
in that State." •
Special Ditpatch to Tbe CalL
JAIL CHANGES
DOCTOR'S MIND
Arrangements on a most elaborate
scale have been made for the wedding.
Four carloads of palms ."and fldwers,"
have been takeir to 'Arb^r * l^otSteeT^ttie
famous Morton home at Nebraska City,,
where the wedding is to take place.'
The beautiful house has been trans
formed into a veritable • bed of roses,
over eight thousand entering into the
decorations.
The "house is to be darkened during
•the ceremony .and afterward, it will
burst forth in a blaze of light, over ten
thousand incandescent globes . having
been placed in position. Special trains
from Chicago and Omaha will take the
guests to .Nebraska City to-night and
to-morrow morning. Secretary! of the
Navy Paul Morton/ uncle of the bride,
will arrive from Chicago at 'about
breakfast time. " ' .
OMAHA, Neb., Sept. SO.— On the eve
of the wedding of Miss JU»an Morton,
daughter of Joey Morton, to Joseph
Cudahy, son of Michael Cudahy, the
well-known packer, areport is current
in- Omaha that a hitch has arisen,
which .may cause a postponement of
the event. . Th.e trouble . arises from
.the opposing religions creeds of the
two families, the Mortons' being Prot
estants, and the Cudahys Catholics.
It is understood that an agreement
has been entered into that .the cere
mony shall be non-religious in char
acter and that after their marriage
neither shall intrude his- or her re
ligion, on the other. It was expressly
stipulated, it is stated', that thechil-
( dren should not be brought up in the
Catholic faith. . On the eve of the wed
ding Bishop Spaulding .of Illinois has
been invited to perform the ceremony,
and Miss' Morton, according to the re
port, has. put her foot down and re
fused to permit it- Efforts are being
. made to effect a settlement.
Fpe.cial Dispatch to The CalL
Special 'Dispatch to The CalL
Said to' HaTe.iRaised -Notes in All 'the
[ > '¦.-• .Principal Cities of the
• ; . '^.United States. ' .. .
Member? Distribute Placards Announc
ing Their Intention to ; ;FoUow,:V
: in Footsteps of Boieii' ; "
Bride-to-Be "Objects to Bishop After
.Plans. Were Made for lion-Sec
taian Ceremony. : . .
Memorialists Plead for Counsel tod
Assistance of First Citizen of the
American Republic.
; Acoised'ol|Drawing Orders
Won a/Scale or .Vast/;.
|| ¦ '..Propo$tons.;;.- '••¦;...:;
Form. a New- Anti-Foreign'
I Society. and Prepare to yj
> ; Mate Trdtitjie;
Religious Differences Said
to. Cause Break Wjtli
. : Jpsepn Cudaliy. : ; -
Document Bears Signatures
ol Persons Hign in
English. Peerage..
Marriage of . Miss
Morton May Be
I Postponed. : I
Postal |e||s Caj
: tore|||ged
Natiyes in Several
W^icts Are '
Restless. '
Petition Requesting
Aid lor Congo
Presented.
PRESIDENT
IS ASKED TO
INTERFERE
Believing Child Dead
Mil Man Buys
a Casket
Finds Out His Mistake Alter
Sending lor Remains
of Daughter.
Young Woman Appears at Home White
Grief Stricken Relatives Are
Bewailing Her Death.
Leaves on the
Celtic for
T^ 7 7
H 41 CflflMfl
JLj IVtl VLVtVLv*
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. SO.— Having a
casket prepared and sent for her re
mains is the unique experience which
recently befell Miss Mabel Wilson, who
makes her home In Petaluma.
At a time when Miss Wilson was
known to be visiting in San Francisco,
a young woman bearing the same
name committed suicide there. A sis
ter of the Petaluma girl was satisfied
that It was Mabel Wilson of Petaluma.
who had elected to leave this world,
though she could assign no reason for
the rash act. Her father was of the
same belief and he procured a casket
at his home In Ukiah and sent an offi
cial of that city to the metropolis to
bring back the remains of his daughter.
In the meantime Mabel Wilson ap
peared at her home in the flesh, and
the official and casket were hurriedly
recalled from San Francisco. What will
be done with the coffin purchased is
the only question now bothering the
"Wilsons.
MANY MOURN
WITH FAMILY
MILLIONAIRE WHO COMPLAINS
OP TREATMENT HE RECEIVED
IN CITY OF HIS BIRTH.
Death of Senator Hoar Is
Deeply Eegretted by His
Friends and Colleagues
SWINDLER
TURNS WITS
TO ACCOUNT
Poses as Millionaire
Merchant Prom
Seattle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. NEW. YORK, Sept. 30.— Unattended
by any' one, save a man servant, Wil
liam Waldorf Astor sailed f rqm the
61 ty of his birth for. London to-day on
the I Celtic. ¦ Every other passenger; on
the boat had friends on the pier to. wish
bon^voy age and wave a/ farewell. ; ; , v
g No "one'' *poke', r to r^Willlam^Waldorf
. Aitbr'Tout ; the^reporters';* and r hls-'con^
eluding statement was a complaint that
he was not . treated' right during;' his
brief visit to this city.
It: was a hard matter to get Astor
to talk, but finally he consented to a
brief interview. The first question put
to him was:
"Will you be kind enough to an
nounce" the date of the marriage of
your daughter, Pauline, and Captain H.
Spender Clay?"
"Indeed not," was the reply. "But I
want to set the American newspapers
right before I go. I have never said
that I opposed the match."
"Your interest in Christian Science
has created considerable . attention
since your arrival in New York." Astor
•was told.
"I can't . see why it should," he
said. "Has riot a gentleman the. right
to seek new light? I have been greatly
annoyed at the furor which has fol
lowed ray every movement." .
"Perhaps," it was suggested, "this
was on account of the . prominence of
your family in America."
"I can't say," he answered. "If I
were of the nobility I could not have
been more greatly annoyed."
Astor then turned on his heel and
walked to the promenade walk, where
he was standing alone and gloomy
when the .Celtic backed into the North
River and pointed her nose for the sta.
'.SEATTLE, Sept. 30.— After being en
tertained , in elaborate style at clubs
and at private parties in many cities
In- the East, J. Frederick Morris, who
impersonated Albert Schwabacher of
Schwabacher Brothers & Co. of
this city, is under arrest in. Phila
delphia. For several weeks the clever
confidence man has been impersonating
the Seattle merchant, but he finally fell
into a trap laid for him by the^ officials
of the firm in this city.
! The local company lost no money,
but from firms with which it does busi
ness the man is believed to have reap
ed a rich harvest.
A number of large drafts, forged with
Albert Schwabacher's name, have been
received "here during the past few
weeks. Until the arrest of • the man
who- claimed to be Albert Schwabacher
it was not known from whence they
came.
TELLS OF IIEIl WORK AMONG
• CHINESE IN CALIFORNIA
Miss Lake Speaks Women's
Home Missionary Society; in Ses- -
. sion at Denver. ' ,:'-"-
DENVER, Sept. 30.— Delegates, to
the convention of the Women's Home
Missionary, Society of ; the Methodist
Episcopal Church were entertained
with encouraging reports and .pleasing
addresses to-day. The report of Mrs.
Jane Bancroft Robinson,; head of the
deaconess' bureau, consumed the
greater part of the afternoon session.
It told of the devoted .self-sacrificing
work of. these sisters of mercy and
the interest, displayed by the members
of the church. The corresponding sec-i
retaries of .the various conferences re
ported in hopeful tones. .
An interesting figure at the session
is Miss M. Lake, who has for, years
been in charge of the^ rescue work of
Chinese and Japanese* slave girls in
California. She gave a recital of her
experiences in the work at the morn
ing session.
- WORCESTER, Mass.. Sept. 30. — The
tolling of the bells of the church tow
ers and fire stations of Worcester com
municated to his fellow citizens tho
intelligence of the passing of United
States Senator George Frisbie Hoar.
The state of profound stupor which
was an indication of the approach of
death embraced the Senator for forty
hours. Thursday he became as weak
as he could be and live, with the pulse
and respiration so faint that they
could be detected only by the physi
cians.
Dr. "Warren P. Gilman, the medical
attendant, said that so slight a Jhing
as pulling the clothing on the bed
would have been sufficient to take
away enough strength to cause death.
The patient had expressed the wish
earlier In hi3 Illness that he might die
peacefully and without a struggle. Such
a death came to him.
During the day hundreds of messages
of condolence were received at the fam
ily residence.
The funeral services will be held
Monday in the Church of the Unity.
Rev. Edward Everett Hale, chaplain
of the United States Senate, will b«
asked to officiate.
The body will He in state, probably
at the City Hall, during Monday. The
interment will be made in Sleepy Hol
low Cemetery, Concord, Tuesday morn-
Ing.
Rockwood Hoar to-day received the
following message from President
Roosevelt:
"Accept my most profound sympa
thy. The loss Is not yours only, but
of all those who believe In the lofty
standard of purity, integrity and fear
lessness in public life." f?ft»2
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. 30— Deep
regret was expressed to-day by Presi
dent Joseph F. Smith of* the Mormon
church over the death of United States
Senator George F. Hoar.
BOSTON, Sept. 3O.,-New3 at the
death of Senator George F. Hoar was
received with great regret by all
classes of citizens. The flags on the
State House, City Hall and other
buildings throughout the city were
halfmasted. Governor Bates issued a
proclamation announcing the death of
the Senator and directing that the
State Department be closed on the day
of the funeral.
CONFEDERATE WAR VETERAN
TRIES TO COMMIT SUICIDE
MOROCCAN GOVERNOR SLAIN
BY NEIGHBORING TRIBESMEN
Official of Arzila and Many of the
Townspeople "Victims of Revenge
!¦¦>;:,• ful Natives.'-.
TANGIER. Morocco, Sept. 30. — The
Governor of Arzila, who was the
father-in-law < t ¦. the former ."War Min
ister, El Menebhi, has been murdered
at Arzila by peojle of the f surround
ing tribes. The. murder. -was com
i mitted out of revenge for the action of
ftho 'Governor in imprisoning: members
of the tribe's. The. murderers released
the prisoners at Arzila and killed many
of the townspeople.
Great alarm prevails at Arzila and
the authorities there have appealed to
Mohammed El Torres, the represen
tative at Tangier of the Sultan, to send
them assistance.
«
General John R. Casler Takes Quan
tity of Morphine While In a
Despondent Mood.
OKLAHOMA CITY. Okla.. Sept. 30.—
General John R. Casler. an ex-Confed
erate soldier and one of the first set
tlers of this city, and for a number, of.
years a Justice of the Peace, attempted
to commit suicide to-day by taking
morphine. His condition was discov
ered before the drug had taken effect,
and physicians succeeded In saving his
life. It is supposed he became de>-
Boondent*
ROCKEFELLER INTERESTS ,U,
AFTER NORTHERN RAILROAD
Efforts Made to Secure Option on
• Bellingham Bay and British
Columbia Stock.
•BELLINGHAM, Wash., Sept. SO.—
The Rockefeller interests are declared
to have secured an. option on the estate
of the late P. B. Cornwall, and »if the
report be true the ; tiellingham Bay
and British Columbia Railway may
fall into the hands "of the Chicago,-
Milwaukee and St.- Paul Railway as an
outlet :"to the .'coast.' It is. known "that
an endeavor has-been' made to' secure
options from local parties who, have
•Bellingham Bay and British Columbia
Railroad stock, and it is asserted. these
efforts have ; teen .in'; the : interest of
the : Rockefeller gfoup of capitalists. •
, C' 'O.i Mills,- one" .¦ of .^the principal
stockholders of 'the road # : is : known .to
be particularly, friendly to the Rocke
feller interests. ,
Athlete's Legs Fractured.
•HEALDSBURG, Sept. 20.— While rid
ing: a bicycle, to-day Milton Luce, foot
ball captain of the Healdsburg -„ High
School,' was thrown .under a wagon and
fun (over." . The-wajron . pasesd over
iuce arid fractured both his legs.;
UPRISING
IN CHINA
IS FEARED
LONG CHASE
RESULTS IN
AN ARREST
OBTAINS
COFFIN FOR
LIVE GIRL
IN SHADOW
OF ALTAR
SHE REBELS
NO FRIEND VISITS
THE PIER TO BID
ASTOR FAREWELL
." THX , WSATHTPB.
-»'¦ ->-^-; f-- ' . , .- : ' . "
rorecart maAm at San T ran- .-.
dsoo fcr thirty hour* eadia*
mlOaJrfct. October 1 :
Su Fnuactico aad Ticixity —
Clcmfly Saturday; frail wert .
wind. Q. E. WEtLSON,
Local Torecmrtcr.
Zctaporarlly la Chacr*. •
' TSZ *¦ THEATIBS.
Alcazar — "Soldiers of Tortnne."
Callforaia — "By Bir&t of
Sword."
Central— "Tit Suites."
Cfcutei — Vau.ievilla. |
ColnmTsl* — "Wizard of Ox."
ri»cher f « — "att»» Msnma."
Grand — "York State Polka."
M*je«tic — "C«.p*-*ln Barrinjrton."
Orpbeum— VaadJvUla.
Tivoll — "The Serenade."
Matinees at All Theaters To-Bay.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRKNCISGO,' SATURDAY, .OCTOBER >r r v 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 123.
The San Francisco Call.Slerchant's Office Is Entered by Bur
glars and $175 Is Taken
From Safe. .
COLUSA GRAIN DEALER
VICTIM OP BOLD THIEVES
"LONDON. Oct. 1.— According to the
Morning Post's Shanghai correspond
ent it is reported there that the Jap
anese have been victorious In a general
engagement at Mukden.
Reports a Japanese Victory.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 30.— An ac
count of events in the treaty port of
Newchwang following- the abandon
ment of that place by the Russians la
contained in a report to the State De
partment from American Consul Gen-:
eral H. B. Miller, under date of Au
gust 16. . ... . . .
The report. say s that the change from
Russian to Japanese administration In
Newchwang occurred without much
disorder, although the looting of pub
lic places was severe.-
The harmonious relations of the
American':- Consul .with -both parties
were illustrated by .the fact that on the
day of . the arrival .of the :flrst Jap
anese company, •¦Mr. ' {Miller gave a din- ;
ner to the retiring^ Russian admini'stra
.tor,,the > Russian Commissioner of Cus
toms .and the manager of the" Russo-
American Consul Sends . Interesting
Report to State Department.
IjOOTING AT NEWCHWANG.
ALGIERS, Sept. 30.— The. Russian
volunteer fleet steamship Smolensk
has arrived here from Port Said. . She
will take 1400 tons 'of coal on board.
and will await orders.
Will Await Orders at Algiers.
According to the best estimates ob
tainable, the Japanese army confront
ing General' Kuropatkin comprises a
grand total of 180 battalions. Allow
ing 800 men to a battalion, - there are
144,000 Infantry. In addition there
are 6300 cavalry and 630 guns. .
The distribution . of the Japanese
forces is as follows: One* division at
Bentsiaputze, two divisions at the Yen
tai mines, four divisions on the rail
way a little north of Liaoyang:; one
division w'entward near Hiameadense
and one division at Sandepu.
The Russians [ estimate the Japarlese
forces at the following strength: Gen
eral Kuroki, with the Imperial guards
and the Second and Twelfth divisions,
a ' total of thirty-six ; battalions : of in
fantry, nine squadrons of cavalry,. 108
guns and a . separate artillery, corps of
108 guns; the guards reserve brigade',
consisting of elght^ battalion's of infan-
MUKDEN, Sept. 30.— A great change
in the situation has occurred. The
Japanese now appear anxious to take
the defensive and have fortified a posi
tion northwest of the Tental mines.
Mikado's Men Appear Anxious to Take
. the Defensive.
CHANGE IN SITUATION.
.ODESSA, Sept. 30. — Emperor Nich
olas arrived from' St. Petersburg at 2
p.rn. and reviewed the troODs. Thou
sands of persons lined the streets and
the whole city enjoyed a' holiday. ¦ '
Emperor Nicholas Is at Odessa.
The trains which have reached the
¦washouts have been blocked, but the
passengers have been transferred
around the washouts and trains made
up and sent out In each direction.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 30. — General
Manager Mudgeof the Santa Fe left this
afternoon for. the "West. He will inves
tigate the flood conditions on the Santa
Fe in Colorado and New Mexico and
assume direction of the work of re
pairing. It was stated at the general
manager's office that the rains yester
day washed the track off the roadbed
for a distance of,- two miles near Albu
querque, but that a force of men was
at once put to work on that portion of
the track and It had been repaired. .
Trains Blocked and Company Forced
to Transfer Passengers.
WASHOUTS OX THE SANTA" FE.
" LONDON, " Oct. l:— The. failure • of
the latest Japanese attempt to drive
out the Port' Arthur fleet and reduce
the fortress has led, according to the
Daily Telegraph's Chefu correspond
ent, to the decision that the Japanese
must go into % winter , quarters, j Jap
anese officers admit that General
Stoessel is making a superb "stand.
Mast Go Into • Winter Quarters.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 1, 2:20 a. m.
The reorganization of the navy which
has been foreshadowed by " the press
begins with the announcement on the
highest authority ; that y^lce Admiral
Doubasoff, the present head of the
technical bureau of the Admiralty, will
be appointed Minister of Marine. Vice
Admiral Avelah, ¦ whom he will suc
ceed, will be given the honorary post
of chief of the Red Cross Society, suc
ceeding Admiral Kremer, who died re
cently. Vice Admiral' Rojestvensky will
return to St. Petersburg to assume ac
tive charge of the naval staff, a posi
tion from which he could ill.be spared.
The Pacific squadron will ber entrusted
to Rear Admiral Chouknln, the present
chief of the Black Sea : flefet. Admiral
Birileff will be transferred .from the
Baltic, to- the Black Sea. squadron,
while Admiral j Veselagp, hitherto Ad
miral Blrileff's assistant, will take
charge of the Baltic fleet. . .
Vice Admiral Doubasoff to Become
-'*•!•. -' Minister .of -Marine. - • -.
BOULDER CREEK, Sept 30.— While
Sandy Mclsaacs was driving down the
Jamison Creek grade Thursday even
ing the wheels of the wagon slipped ou
the wet road, and horses; wagon . and
man were precipitated to the bottom
of the ravine'- Mclsaacs'- -'leg., was
brbUen. The wagon and horses , were
found hanging In the branches ' of a
tall redwood tree.
Disaster Overtakes Teamster Who
Tries to Drive Down Grade "
Xear a Ravine.
CHANGES IN RUSSIAN NAVY.
MUKDEN, Thursday, Sept. 29, 7
p. m. (Delayed . In transmission). —
Chinese refugees continue to throng
the town, the villages, within the
sphere o£ military operations being
unsafe. . The Scotch mission hospital
is supporting more than' 500 refugees
in the mission compounds, ¦ 100 daily
are treated and 5000 in all have been
relieved.
Chinese. Refugees Throng Mukden.
The Grand Jury returned its indict
ment yesterday morning against
Adolph Steffens, the intimate friend of
: Wyman, who is likewise charged with
stuffing In the Seventy-third precinct.
Judge Lawlor fixed ball at $5000. When
the police sought to serve the bench
warrant Steffens coOld not be found
and he is still In hiding. Captain of
Detectives Martin appeared to have no
misgiving last night that his quarry
had fled the city. "He is thoughtfully
keeping away from us until he gets
his bond ready," said the . captain.
: Steffens .has recently been appointed
a truckman In the Fire j Department,
but yesterday was his day off. ,He was
formerly a teamster in the department
and previously. to this employment was
a street car conductor. His home is
•with his mother and brother at 2711A
Sutter street, but no one. there knew. of
his whereabouts.. It is believed that
he will remain In hiding till to-day- or,
Mcmday. s ;>.:
The accusation against Steffens is
that he Illegally voted the name of C.
C. Crew, a car conductor, whose resi
dence Is at 1631 Lyon "street. The de
fendant signed "C. A. Crew, 1615 L,yon
street" on the roster, according to the
statement of Wheelan,. on whose testi
mony the Grand Jury based the
charge.
the demand for a bond of vJlO.OOO " as
preposterous. .
During the course of - his ¦ argument
Wright said the prosecution did not in
volve Wyman alone, but a conspiracy,
embracing many others, to commit
fraud at the polls and for this reason,
he thought,. greater precautions should
be taken.
STEFFENS EVADES POLICE.
SANTA FE, N. M., Sept. 30. — Rail
road traffic in New Mexico i«; at a
'standstill, owing to. heavy ralna yester
day and last night. Every one of the
three railroads centering: at Santa, Fe
is washed out—^the Santa Fe Central at
Estancia Clark, near this city; the
Denver and Rio Grande between this
city and Espanola and between Em
budo and Antonito, and the Santa Fe
"between Las Vegas and Albuquerque.
No trains has. arrived since yesterday
afternoon, and all the wires are down.
The washouts are worse west of Al
buquerque and " between Albuquerque
and El Paso. All telegraph wires In
this city are down. Many bridges were
carried away by the flood last night.
No loss of life is reported, but prop
erty damage throughout the Territory
is 'heavy. " . " ! - .-':;•-•
Three Railroads Suffer Heavily to
r : . . New Mexico. . ' •
STORM BLOCKS TRAFFIC.
MADISON, Wis., Sept. 30. — The Su
preme Court this afternoon adjourned
until October 18 without taking action
or- the La Follette case. "'- "':..
L« Follcttc Case Goes Over.
Wants to Buy Chilean Warships.
NEW YORK, Sept. 30»— A Japan
ese, supposed to be commercial agent
of his Government and who is said to
have been a captain in the Japanese
army, has - been negotiating, accord
ing- to a Herald dispatch from Val
paraiso, Ctiile, for the purchase of
two Chilean warships to be delivered
when the war with. Russia shall have
been ended. £•££•' ~Z ¦¦ i •
Believe- That'- Alexieff .Will Return.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 30. — The
report that Viceroy Alexieff will . re
turn to St. Petersburg has been ac
cepted as true ever since the decision
to form a second Manchurian army
was announced. It appears . still to
be a Question, however, whether his
return Involves the practical winding
up of his public career. The reports
of his becoming Chancellor are re
garded as idle gossip.
German warships are cruising outside
of Tsingtau dally. It Is believed that, if
any vessel of the ; Fort Arthur, fleet
should attempt to reach that port.it
will be examined at. sea and, if found
seaworthy, be advised not to "enter the
port. . '. - - V. T . '. ' ,, *?£i
TIENTSIN, Oct. 1, 10 a. m.— Russian
officers here admit that It Is the lnten
tion-of-the remaining Russian war ves
sels at Port Arthur to attempt to es
cape. They say that they expected the
movement, on'e week ago, and that, it
may now be expected daily, •
Captain Matousevitch, the late Ad
miral Withoeft's chief of staff, who was
wounded during the engagement of
August 10, and who arrived here on the
battleship Cesarevitch, August 12, In his
report of the naval engagement be
tween the Port Arthur squadron, and
Admiral" Togo's- fleet, August 10, says
that twenty-four officers arid members
of the crew were killed. .
Captain Matousevitch has requested
permission to visit Italy for the pur
pose of recovering "his health. The Ital
ian Government has been asked if it
will 'consent! on the guarantee that
Captain Matousevitch will not. leave
Italy. '. -. •
Russian Ships to Make a Dash From
• - .. ' • . Port Arthur.'
.WIIX.TRY TO ESCAPE.
NEW YORK", Sept. 30. — With the
election .but little more fhan a month.
away, -many funny bets are being
made on the result. One man has wa
gered that if Parker is not elected he
will stand on a cake of ice weighing
300 younds in his bare feet until the
ice melts. The Roosevelt man says If
his favorite is defeated he will let his
hair grow until 1908. According to
another. bet, if Parker Is defeated the
Parker man is to roll a peanut across
the Brooklyn bridge. If Roosevelt is
beaten his man will have to get
shaved on one side of his face only,
for one month. The man who as
pires to freeze his feet off is the
driver of an Ice 'wagon.
Some I»ccnliar Wagers Are* Made by
Champions of Parker. . i
ODD ELECTION fcE^TS. ; '..^
. ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 30.— The
war expert of the Novoe Vremya says
he believes a battle at Mukden- is pos
sibly days and 'even weeks distant. He
recalls that two months, elapsed j ber
tween -ChamJellorsvllle a'ndiGettysburg.
The NovOe " Vremya continues to' urge
that General 'Kutcipatkin be " appointed
command.er- in chief, intimating again
that, he has Wren. embarrassed hereto
fore by .Vicefoy.'.AlexIe"ff. - •
Asks More.Povrer for Kuropatkin..
SAYS HE' L'SKD KNIFB IX FIGHT.
Thomas Dllliard' was charsvj at the Central
Police Station last night with assault" .with
a deadly weapon. Dilliard 19 -accused of. cat-.
ting- R. Adams In a fight. '
Appolntctl:. Blshpp,- of.Hleleija.
;- •.RQAIE p ,.Sept.
'bf. : . the' prdpa"^1iid4;\^-d^y-.'''.i«sqei4.v'''a
, brief • appointing '.'the '; Be\-.' " ¦ jfohji-.. B.
Ca-rrbil to be --Bishop'' of-. -Helena.' .In
succession 'to. the' late Rlght'jieyV. John
' B. Brondel: - • " •¦"''.." V
ST. PETERSBURG, Sep.t, 30. — Gen
eral Sakharoff reports that between
September 25 .and -29 there were sev
eral skirmishes in -the Yentai region,
all of which resulted favorably to the
Russians. The' Jap'anese advance out
posts before "Yentai station, General
Sakharoff-. adds/ have been reinforced.
On September 28 a strong vanguard of
Japanese were, encountered- on the
Mandarin road and driveh back ; to
Yentai, losing twenty in killed and
wounded. '
Reports Russian Victories.
Will Exchange News of Prisoners.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 30. — The
report that Japan and Russia have
arranged a direct exchange . of news
regarding prisoners of- war without
the Intermediary of the United States
and France is confirmed. Under the
new arrangement • information regard
ing Japanese prisoner* will be sent to
the Japanese Minister at Berlin and
news about Russian prisoners will be
forwarded to M. Lessar, the Russian
Minister at' Peking. ' "
It Is further reported that the im
perla.1 shooting lodge at Sklernlewice
has been prepared for the arrival of
his Majesty;, who is expected there ber
fore the middle of October, the Czarina
remaining at Peterhof until November
18, when she will join the Czar with
he^r children.
The Czar's departure for Poland has
not been expected, as it was thought
he would remain in St. Petersburg on
account b'f the serious situation in the
Far East. It is hinted that there are
important motives for his going to
Skiernewlce. The visit revives the
talk of a possible meeting with Em
peror William of Germany..
The Dowager Empress of Russia has
embarked at Reval for Copenhagen.
She has gone to meet the Queen of
England, and . it is expected \ that she
will remain In Copenhagen a month.
St. Petersburg is full of rumors to
night. It is persistently said that riots
have occurred at Odessa and that cav
alry, charges were necessary to disperse
crowds that had assembled at the sta
tion shouting "Down with the war,"
when the imperial train arrived. An
other, wild rumor is that the Czarevitch
is dead. There is not the slightest
foundation for these storlesf The im
perial infant is In the "best of health.
Field Marshal Qyama Begins Advance
on Russian- Army at Mukden.
ST. PETERSBURG.' Oct. 1, 2:10 a.
m.— The War Office at a late hour gave
out a telegram from General Sakharoff ,
dated SeptembeV 30, describing a suc
cessful onslaught on - a Japanese ad
vance guard near Yentai on September
28. The Japanese began the" "fight by
attacking a position held by the Rus
sians at Oulitaidze, twenty, miles south
of the Hun River. .The Russians with
drew and then countermarched and
, occupied- the enemy's position • .at
Toumytsa, north of Yentai, and drove,
•the -Japanese as far as Yeritai station,
i losing four men wounded,. whereas the
Japanese '\bst. ;(we«ty killed'., or
wounded..". . ;.." • •"....' .*/ ly.'/y.-'i
General : -Sakharbff."'- further • reports
that a reconnaissance on '• September- 29
showed that the- ; Japanese force was
concentrating in ; ," fncreaslng : numbers
along the Yeiital ijranch of- the railroad
and that there ia aiisa considerable, con
centration of Japanese along the Taitse
River, near* Bensiapu. . " : ¦ '¦¦'..¦ •'
¦ General ' Sakharoff's telegram, as.
given to the press, contains no mention
of- developments on the eastern flank.
This silence probably is due to the fact
that details of operations telegraphed
: tothe C2ar at Odessa had not .reached
; the general staff. " .:
I . It. is admitted that the Japanese ad
vance has • already - begun ' along: the
• FhQle - line, ' assuming its most active
' form in the east, w.hither Field Mar*
¦ sha.1 Oyama continues to. draft Targe
| forces.". Operations are a-lso •p'rogr.ess : lng
i west of the -railroad.' •*'• • ' ' - "
; A liarbln dispatch-, contains the .."an
nouncement: that the 'Japanese have
: occupied 'Siaobeyhoi west' of:, the" Liao
'River, whence" "they -are -.- evidently
threatening Sinmlntfn. ' . ..-
The likelihood of the. appointment of
Grand- Duke Michael NIcolaeivltch as
commander In chief Is increasing. It Is
: learned that the" Grand Duke has ln
: formed the officers of the regiment of
dragoons of which he Is the honorary
j colonel of the probability of his going
; to the Far East, adding that he would
take the regiment with him .as his
1 bodyguard.
The return of Viceroy Alexieff is al
most certain, and there- is good reason
to believe that he will succeed Foreign
Minister Lamsdorff, who may be ap
pointed, a member of the- council- of the
1 empire. '¦ ••
JAPANESE OCCUPY SIAOBEYHO.
The article concludes:- *
"AH. these talks of peace conference
and intervention are simply dangerous
maneuvers— flanking, turning move-;
ments, so to speak.' But when, the' na-'
tions of the "world cry out against the"
inhumanity of this war, they must re
member that we did not start .It. It is'
unnecessary for us" to shade or soften
the picture of the horrors being en
acted -in the Far ?ast. I^et. us .only
hope' that our diplomatic battle will be
•woiri -ultimately as' .surely as the other.
Blsmkrck, when he did battle, did not
fight .'.wlthb.ut ultimate compensation.
What 1 'it was possible for Germany, to
accomplish we ought to be able, to do.
at ' the'', conclusion of the war i.n the
Orient.'; 1 '. ¦ " ' » ."¦
The Novosti,.in a significant editorial
article 'this morning, reviews the mili
tary progress in the Orient • and . says
"the formation of a second Manchurian
army Is Russia's pledge to the world'
that Japan shall be confined to her
original frontier. The ..editorial calls
upon the other powers, .to . tftHe cogni
zance of the ".yellow peril," and agree
that .China ,my§tlnpt. be^ allowed .tp % be- ¦
come 'aVmiiltary"Spbwer»'/DUt must' not'
•fall under the; domination of Japan. •
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. SO.— The
Novoe Vremya, commenting uppn the
hostility shown by other powers toward
Russia, says: "
'.'Russia is now-carrying on two wars
—the sanguinary conflict In. the; Far
East and a bloodless, diplomatic one
in the courta of Europe."- ' T
OPPOSES PEACE COXPERENCE.
Russian Paper Says f"alk of Interven
tion Is Dangerous • Maneuver.
George T- TVright, attorney for the
Merchants' Af r -sociation,.made a spirited
protest before Police Judge Cabaniss,
immediately after the Wheelans had
given their testimony, against the
imalteess of the bond the court' had
fixed. He. declared that J1000 cash bail
was "ridiculously small," and urged
that it be increased .to $5000 or $10,000.
Judge Cabaniss took issue with the at
torney in a vigorous manner, express
ing himself as assured that $1000 cash
v.culd guarantee the appearance of
•Wyman at any time and designated
.. This rnqve-was.-'iiiadef, , as;, it. "was!- In"
the "Eedera-l^bur.t.'la£t \yee^,.' Just -as"
the case ! u'a's. t'o. lie. tailed; i'n..the. Police
Court -and to -gain w-hat .ad
vantage:, might' accrue from the- con
fusion- of ' .proceedings. " rt came near
being disastrous .yesterday, however;
It was necessary that Wyman. should
be in ' prison when the ' habeas- corpus
writ waseotight and his bond had to
be .canceled. '• Pending 1 the hearing on
the writ. Judge. Sloss fixed bail t at
SlXKK), or'JIOOO carfi, the same amounts
that .Judge' Cabaniss required. But
there .was' much difficulty in. finding a
Superior Judge last night to make the
order of release. Finally Public Works
Commissioner Maestrettl. who looks
after Wyman's freedom, found Judge
Lawlor in his courtroom.. Fears had
been entertained that the defendant
would have to remain in Jail over
night. .
DKCIjARES BAIL. IS TOO LOW.
'Bur there .is ho -law . to "prevent the
Police"- Court frurn going 1 • on-."with the
examination .under these circumstances,
ahd J.udp-e:Cabaniss- rntlmaved yester
day- that, he, .'would- not • feel, himself
. bound -to .stop' the • hearing :becausa_of
th'e "writ. ; "f he:- question is '.left" to. his.
discretion; ¦••,•:'"';*:.'• '.". - ; '" ' --. -v""-:- '?'%'-,
AVheclan!s -son corroborated his fa
ther:'in every particular, -having been
at his Ei'de- at the time. • ¦ ¦ .
'Cross-examination x>l both witnesses
was deferred- to -this afternoon, when
the' preliminary examination • will -.be
xesurhedi .-" \* - •.".•-' :'¦ ''¦''"". • '
RESORTS TO .HABEAS CORPUS."
"In the ¦ex.pectatie.n of staying or pre
ve.nting the hearing- Wyman's attor
ney", yesterday- sued but a" writ of ha
.beas corpus, before Judge M. C. Sloss
of the Superior" Court on- -the ground
that' .the ppinary _ law under.: which
the • election -Vasr: heljfii" is. .'-»mc<)hstitu- - j
tional; ; - t he. p'etition'Jbeing;; ; .iden'tijcaiiy^|
the; same /as ! yfra tCipT&sehtffd. 'to.-.' yfti-fred"
States itfist-rict
¦week vt'hVri'- iHe"'af>peal-"w-as j-iihsuccessK
fully, rnaaevto.-na.tn.'fo'x.the i'ssuancv-. of '.a •
writ:'..- J.u"dge^/-.S'Lo.sij \Lssire"d ••thef ;• order'
for j!He production." of'the .prisoner. ox»
MoTidav'-at 10.. o'clock: '..*• . "•.-•' • .
The inrperror to., whom Wyman handed the
tallot was Silverstein. who was» The only mem
ber of the election board that I Knew.
I saw Wyman F*>ated at the" table about 4
o'clock in the &It« rnoon w rlting the name of
8. H Mann- on the precinct roeter. He had
a regteur in the other hand and- copying; from
ihU ¦ *-roto the forgery.- I saw. that he was
j*nninjr the name of S.--H. Mann and the ad
<Jr*rs. WuB "J'oBt street. In the column for
party 'designation he' wrote "Rep.-"
• In .my memorandum book. I jotted down the
•ropter number, which was 174. He was
Bi\en'a ball<>t went into a- booth. rvtunW
wit hthe. ballot folded, and as he stepi>ed up
to the lnsoector he ei*oke the name ••"Mann."'
Nothing ¦ "further was- paid except the calling
out of the number of the ballot, and it wa»
deposited. I also made note at the <ime of
thiF number. It was :Ji:»2S.
Wheelan's statement to the court, in
answer to questions of counsel, was as
follows: .
Fairfax H. Wheelan and his 16-year
old son Edgar testified before Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday that they
saw Charles Wyman pen the forgery
of S. H. Mann's name on the roster
in precima seventy-three at the prim
ary election on August 9 and witnessed
the casting of the fraudulent" vote.
They took note of every move of the
defendant in the commission of the
crime and distinctly recalled, that ha
announced his name as ""Mann" when
he approached the inspector presiding
over the balloi box.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept, 30.— The
war in" the Far East has been momen
tarily thrown in the shade by the uni
versal acclaim with which the Russian
press to-day greets the accession of
Prince Sviatopolsk-Mirsky to the office
of Minister of Interior, as marking the
inauguration of a liberal regime.
. All the papers print the Minister's
speech at the reception yesterday of.
the officials of the Ministry, and by the
side of it, by special authorization of
the Minister of the Interior, the inter
view of the Associated Press with the
Minister at Vilna, September 23. Many;
of the papers also print the Emperor's
manifesto of 1903.- i
The editorials all breathe a tone of
relief at the passage of the Von
Plehve regime, and intense satisfaction
at the dawning of brighter days.
Chinese bank. He did everything pos
sible to make the transfer peacefully
and received the thanks of both par
ties. Three days after the advent of
the Japanese Mr. Miller > entertained
all of the Japanese officers and foreign
officials at dinner.
The Cardenas Hotel, adjoining, bare
ly escaped a similar fate, an acre, of
ground being washed away near/it.-
The Rio Grande' railway bridge }at ¦&
Moro is out and the.- Santa Feright^off
•way in many places -.has been.'Swashed
away.' Railroad traffic 'is entirely bus-
pended and business here- Is paralyzed..;:
The city Is dfvi'ded- by the -Lias.-Attl--'
mas River,' which la spanned' v by- six:,
wagon bridges, All of the bridges .were
washed out and many residents werts
unable to reach their homes or to com
municate with their families - because
the telephone" system has '. been
wrecked. . ¦}:¦ '•.. v "; . ¦ '. ' : ;. '-.'; V
A messenger from' El- Moro, -three
miles north, arrived on horseback and
reported that' twenty-five men, women
and children .were • marooned on a
small island, which; the river was
slowly eating away.. A relief party, left,
here immediately and rescued them. In
one Italian rooming -house 'on-the;.banls.;
of the river there were 150 .room'era:.
They were aroused" by firemen. "• V -.y*
A Pullman sleeper aiid one chair ..car ..
standing In front .of -the 'Santa FV de
pot were lifted bodily by the flood .and
floated rjght side up down the rivepfor
two miles. The Harvey . eating-ho'use .
near the depot was damaged to the
extent of $20,000. The Western Union'
and Postal Telegraph lines are . badly
crippled. - . u
* Of the merchants on lower Commer
cial street, whose losses were great, the
Colorado Supply Company Is the heavi
est loser, having $100,000 worth of goods
destroyed. Trinidad Is isolated from
the world to-night so far as railroads
The warning of the flood was given
when the river left its banks by revol
ver shots and the ringing of the fire
alarm, followed by the blowing of all
the locomotive and shop whistles in
town. Citizens upon rafts made of sec
tions of sidewalks paddled through the
streets rescuing families which were in
danger. * • * \. ; . .
The new Bacca Hotel,- a two-story
structure, just, reaching completion,
was destroyed. The water then ate its
way through- fifty feet of ground to the
Santa Fe depot, which was carried
away.- "..•'":¦. ;*;-;¦.¦,•,¦;.•: ¦::.:
TRINIDAD, Colo.,' Sept, 30.— A ter
rific flood struck the* city of Trinidad
and : the whole valley Along, the Las
Anlmas River to-day, devastating a
wide section and clausing a money loss
which may reach several" hundred
thousand dollars.
Every bridge In the city of Trinidad
is out, the Santa Fe station is demol
ished, all of the railroads .are tied up
and the telephone and telegraphic
services completely suspended. More
than thirty city blocks in the residence
and business sections were from two to
four feet under water along the river.
The flood . was caused by the heavy
rain, which has been falling for two
days. At 8 o'clock last night the storm
assumed cloudburst proportions and at
2 o'clock this mornlng'the'La8 Anlmas
River went over Its banks. * At 3:30 it
•was impossible* to get within a block of
the river bed at any point: Commercial
street was flooded for "three blocks in
the heart of the business district.
Meantime the electric light and gas
plants had been flooded .and the city
was in complete darkness.
About two hundred members of the
State Semperyirens Club were present.
Mrs. Lovell White of San Francisco
presided. J- E. Richards called the
meeting to order, and deliveredan ad
dress setting forth the purpose of the
meeting. Mrs. White followed, with a
speech. Among the others' who spoke
were: Rev. Eli McCllsh. Father Kenna.
J. O. Hayes, Arthur : Briggrs of . Sari,
Francisco and Miss Wilson, the secre
tary. • ¦ . '"
W. S. Pladwell.of San Francisco. In
troduced a resolution announcing. that
the Sempervirens Club believes '¦ It' td
be to the best interest that the" State,
relinquish the control of Yosemlte Val-
ley* to the United States and pledges,
that if this Is done the club will work
to have the big basin and the- Yosemlte"
Park made national parks. . .-.-..¦ -
The resolution was adopted. A'reso
lution was also adopted urging the Gov
ernment to. purchase, the Calaveraa Big
Tree* Grove and pledging the support
.of the club to .the project,-.' ..'¦•. .. • ;
The road will run from the mountain
summit above the town of Saratoga,
thence along the ridge to the State
Park, a distance of about twelve
miles. Only six miles of new road will
have to be. constructed and four miles
of old road rebuilt. :
SAN JOSE. Sept. 30.— The buildlnff
of . a road into ' the \ Big Basin Park
from this. city, and thus open the park
to the people, was considered by the
members of the State Sempervtrena
Club at the Unitarian church this aft
ernoon. The agitation of the question
will no doubt lead to the building of
the road by the State. But $12,000 will
.be needed to carry out the club's plans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Speech of the New Minister
of Interior Taken to In
dicate Dawn of New Era*
Believed to Be Trying to
Have Bail Ready Before
the Warrant Is Served
Three children of tender years met
death by accident yesterday afternoon.
Two lives were crushed out beneath
the wheels of heavy vehicles, and. one
victim was drowned In a tub of water.
Frank Silare, three years of age, liv
ing at 3 Hunt street, fell from a moving
truck at Mission and New Montgomery
j streets at 3:20 o'clock. Injuries sus
tained by one of the rear wheels pass
ing over his body resulted in death
shortly after. Charles Tulles, driver of
the truck, left his team standing on
New Montgomery street while attend
ing to some business. The unfortunate
lad and Bennie Robinovich were at
play on the wagon when some mis
creant y#uth yelled to the horses. The
sudden starting of the team threw
both children off, one of the rear wheels
passing- over the Silare child. Young
Roblnovich's left _. leg was severely
crushed, necessitating treatment at the
i Harbor Hospital. Despite medical at-
I tention Baby Silare died after being
removed home. Tulles was arrested on
a charge of manslaughter.
Isadore Vizzis of 1037 Folsom street
was" crushed to death on , Sherman
street, between Cleveland and Harri
son streets, at 6 o'clock last evening.
The boy was riding on a truck, and in
some manner fell under one of the rear
wheels. The ambulance was summoned
from the Central Emergency Hospital,
but death ensued before the hospital
could be reached. The police are mak
ing an investigation of the affair, and
the driver of the team is being sough t f
The body was removed to .the Morgue.
• Hilda Kelly, the 2-year-old daugh
terot Mr. and Mrs, John W. Kelly of
1708 I street, between Eighteenth hml
Xineteenth avenues. Sunset district,
was accidentally drowned yesterday
afternoon by falling into a tub of wa
'ter.- .The tub was half full and was
.standing in- the batk yard, and, while
thtr ."attention of the mother was en
gage'dX'in. her household duties, the
fell- into the tub of water.
- : " fSVJipn*.. the mother returned she
found £ t"he v child lying face down in
the tub.' Dr. Bothe was hurriedly sum
mpned and worked for two hours In
trying to- resuscitate the baby. ¦.
' Mrs. Kelly informed the Deputy
Coroner that her back was turned not
more than two or three minutes from
the time she saw the. child alive until
sire". 'found It lying In the tub. ¦-..
Hilda Kelly Is Victim of
Distressing Casualty — Lad
Killed by Being Run Over
try, nine squadrons of cavalry and 24
guns and the reserve brigades of
thirty-jtwo battalions of infantry and
thirty-six guns, making the total of
Kurokl'e army seventy-six battalions of
infantry, eighteen squadrons' of. pav
alry and 276 guns. •
General Oku's' army consists' of the
Third, Fourth and Sixth 'divisions of
thirty-eight battalions of infantry, .nine
squadrons of cavalry, 108 guns, one'
separate cavalry brigade v of eight
squadrons, a j separate artillery brigade
of 1108 guns and reserve brigades com
prising twenty-four- battalions of In
fantry, nine squadrons of cavalry and
twenty-five guns, making the total
strength of Oku's army six battalions
of infantry, twenty-six squadrons of
cavalry and 242 guns. '
General Nodzu commands the Fifth
and Tenth . divisions, consisting of
twent of infantry and
bix f(ju- .«uns of cavalry. Including re
serves Nodzu's' army consists of forty
four battalions of Infantry, nine squad
rons of cavalry, and 120 guns.
Downpour Becomes ' Cloud
burst, Carrying Off Many-
Bridges and Buildings
Organization Pledges Sup
port to tlan to Throw Big
Basin Open to the Public
RAIN SWELLS RIVER
ST. PETERSBURG.-.Sept.:30.—Gen
eral • Kuropatkin Is now!-; concentrating
his forces at Tiding and'.Mukden is
evidently going to' be saved 'the terrors
of the battlefield. In the meantime
matters are said to be .lively in the
sacred capital. Trade is brisk/especi
ally In furs. The Japanese, in foree at
Davan, on the Liao. River, are making
their way toward Slnmlntlng: A-sec
ond force Is near Tchantang, with its
center at Scheliche Banjaplsa, while
General, Kuroki, with an unexpected
amount of cavalry, is pushing along In
the mountains to the east.
. In a fortnight's time General . Kuft»
patkin will be reinforced by eight
hardy corps from the best equipped
fighting force of Russia, i Until then he
Is not -likely/ according to. competent
military authorities, to give battle.
The change of tactics on the part of
the Japanese; by attacking all along
the line, renders General Stoessel's task
doubly difficult. He cannot longer call
out reserves and concentrate them on
one spot, as was the' case heretofore.
The. military critic of Novoe Vremya
says this increases the chances .of
Japan's success.
'..» . ." ••• "*. ¦ '¦¦¦ ' ,^ ; •:¦'
Special: Dispatch to The Call.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED
STEFFENS IS IX HIDING
tflKL DE0WNS. ES T A TUB
GIVES SATISFACTION
Three-Year-Qld Frank Silare
Is Cruslied Beneath the
Wlieels of a Heavy Truck
Vast Damage Results From
a Rush of Water in Town
of Trinidad in Colorado
Accession of Sviatopolsk
: . .'Mirsk^ Stirs to Enthusi
. asm' Press of the Empire
As an Eye Witness of Il
legal Voting He Testifies
Against Charles Wyinan
StatS • SemperVirens Club
Discusses Project at Meet
ing Held in Garden City
WHEELAN TELLS
WHAT HE SAW
THREE DEATHS
BY ACCIDENTS
ROAD TO PARK
SEEMS ASSURED
FLOOD SWEEPS
THROUGH CITY
RUSSIA HAILS
BRIGHTER DAYS
KUROPATKIN IS CONCENTRATING
TROOPS AT TIELING AND THERE
WILL WAIT TO BE REINFORCED
Japanese the - Def ensive.' and.
Are Iprtijf irjga Positiori; Neaif^the Kr)
. .;;:, : ¦• ¦:¦ :V;. ", ¦ .:y . . . .' • : - ' , , , - . ., '.-., . , r
THE; SAN^RANCTSCO w CALL, ; SATURDAY, OCTOBER. 1,-, .1904.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Sept. 30. —
Methods of work^ occupied the atten
tion of the delegates to the convention
of. the Daughters of the King -this
afternoon. Papers on- the subject were
read by: Dr. Mary D. Fletcher of Cali
fornia and others. > ,
California Woman Reads Paper.
DRIVER'S LEG IS BROKEN
AND HORSES HANG IN TREE
COL.USA, Sept. 30. — The office ot
C. C. Hickok) dealer in lumber" and
grain, at the corner of Sixth and Main
streets, was burglarized last night.
The thieves secured $175 from the
safe. The robbery n:.: discovered last
night " by George Hall, superintendent
of Hickok's lumber yard, who found
the safe open and papers scattered all
over the office.. Entrance. to; the office
was had by cutting a screen and: going
through, the window.
2
PR. PIEHCTTS KEMEDIEC
ACROSS COUNTRY.
The Gigns of the times point to an enor-
aocs increase of intelligent public interest
1a health: to a new peat ration with purer,
atron^er blood aod therefore more active.
braver brains and
0pmX poisons which
spot fcr bacteria to enter.
To enrich "the blood and increase the
red blood corpuscles; Dr.. Pierce years ago
found a vegetable cotapqpnd, which he
called Dt. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov- i
cry, that would quickly cure the bad syrap-
tozaf by increasing: the red blood corpus- i
clcs and thereby feeding the nerves on rich
blood. This "Medical Discovery " also acts
upon ih? dijrestion and assimilation of food,
to that the blood gets its proper elements J
from the products of digestica, ' Feed the j
Iliads, «toiEicl} and heart on rich red blood j
end rot! have surely a hcalthv body which i
rri!l throrr off the -enn« of disease which «
ir.rfc cvc7yv.-!jcrc. Get as near nature's
v.ar ar. roil can. A cicdicinc nadc entirely i
{tovi botanical ertnvct;-. and which does not
coatnia alcohol js safest, pr. Piercc'i
Gold:;: Medical Discovery couuias uciUiCJ ,
alcohol sor aarcotica.
." . A .tiiuu-ant^edr.Cure. for 1 Pil«;'..- : .
: '.Itching; BIlnd^Bieenl-n*.-'6p Prptntdlijis.PiUi-
"Your druszist.wlll i^fund money .If .PAZO OINT-
j'JIBXT-faUS t6-c\ir«r.youtn; 6 to. 14 days!; . • ,
TO Cure a Cold in One ; Day
Take r Laxative ;• Bromo Quinine". Tablets All
druRglats refund the money. If . It falls to "cure.
to.W. fimT«'« Rlarnature Is on each box. 25c. '•
¦ ¦ '_' _ APVERTISEMEXTS. ?.'-._-
" . • '. ' ' • • ** • ' .'..- ¦"
"Madam/ 1 said the
. grocer, "let me Intro-
duce Golden Gate — the
highest grade coffee
on the market*
Nothlad rfo«s wttk GOLDE.t GATB
COFFEE bat aatlaf acttoa. N«
prizes — so coapon-io naifcatjw
1 mui Z lb. arana-ttfht <!¦••
Never sold ia balk..'*.;
J. A. Folger <S. Co,
Katabliah*a Half » Caatuhr
San Franciico
A Begrudged Penny .:
Never drops Into our till for the very
good reason that our laundry work
pleases man and maid, whether' - ths
linens are worn byA "her" or a "him."
For the most part our washing and
ironing for men meets with praise at
every turn and you are Invited to make
good use of our efforts In your own be-
half. (No saw edges.) - • **"
Our collection service Is at- your . com-
mand. Phone South 420.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 MAS3XT STREET.
Telephone South 430. .
SorsaparUla is unquestionably
the greatest blood and liver
medicine Known. It 'positively
arid permanently, cures every
humor, from Pimples ; to Scrof-
ula. It is the Best- <
Blood Medicine.roSTMASTER GENERAL. WHO IS ILA. AT HIS HOME IN WASHINGTON AND I
WHOSE FEEBLE HEART ACTION IS CAUSING GREAT ALARM TO THE I
THTSICIANS WHO ARE IN ATTENDANCE ON HIM.
WEAKN ESS OF H IS HEART ACTION
ALARMS THE FRIENDS OF PAYNE
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.— Harry Payne
Whitney has consented to make the
run "for Congress in the Thirteenth
District to succeed Francis Burton
Harrison, nominee for Lieutenant Gov
ernor. Charles A. Towne Is to be nom
inated in the - Fourteenth and Jeffer
son M. Levy in the Fifteenth District.
Whitney to Ron for Congress.
Court Grants Divorce to Spouse of
Man Who Paid Attention to
: Pretty Stage . Student.
SEATTLE. Sept. 30.— Mrs. Frank Kll
bourne was granted a divorce to-day
on the ground of cruelty; and non-sup
port. Her husband .was recently, mixed
up in a 'scandal with Cleo Allen, who
went . to San Francisco to study for the
stage.
CLEO ALLEN'S FRIEND
NOW WITHOUT. A WIFE
READ OCTOBKR SUNSET MAGAZINE and
send It to your Eastern -friends. A number
filled with striking features. On sale at all
news .-stands. ' •.
Boy's Leg Broken by a Milk Wagon.
-Everett- Call, a boy of 7 years, living
with' his parents at 232 Fern avenue,
was struck by a milk wagon belonging
to the San Pedro dairy yesterday
afternoon at' the crossing of Polk
street and Austin avenue. The boy was
in the act. of crossing Polk- street,
when the horse and wagon dashed out
of Austin avenue and before he could
clear he\ was knocked down, the
wheels of the wagon passing- over hia
leg" and breaking it. At the Emer
gency Hospital the broken bone was
set. and he was then removed to his
home.
.-¦ The autopsy on the remains of Ma
jor Thomas B. Adams, U. S. A., who
died from, injuries- received by being
struck by a- car at Post and Powell
streets,.- showed that in addition to a
fracture of the skull, six upper ribs
on the right side and the right clav
icle were also fractured. These in
juries escaped the attention of the
surgeons at the Central Emergency
Hospital, as in their diagnosis entered
on the- official register only the injury
to. the- head was noted. Dr. Baciga.
lupi, the autopsy- surgeon at the
Morgue, states that death was due
principally to. traumatic pneumonia.
In his opinion, if proper treatment
had been given the life of the of
ficer might have been saved. He does
not believe that the fracture of the
skull alone would have caused death.
Doctors! at Emergency Hospital Failed
to Find. Them In Their bias
' •• ¦¦; nosis of the Case.
AUTOPSY SHOWS THAT MAJOR
AbAlUS' BIBS WERE FRACTURED
¦ ST. LOUIS, Sept. SO. — ;The pro
gramme arranged for" the Universal
Congress of Lawyer's and . Jurists,
Which has been- in session : at Festival
Hall on the World's F.air grounds
since Wednesday, was completed, to
day." The interest awakened by the
discussions and : theories; of law . ad.
vanced by the noted. Jurists of this
and. foreign countries was- enhanced
rather. than lessened by the fact that
it was the closing session.. •
The first • subject for consideration
was "To What Extent Should Judicial
Action by Courts of a Foreign Nation
Be. Recognized?"- It "was presented
by Sir William R. Kennedy, Justice of
ithe High Court of England, and was
considered with especial reference to
the status of individuals as affected
by divorce or other decrees and the
right to represent the person or prop
erty of another. 'i'^C- ¦¦•.•', .."!*f,
cusses .Recognition of Action of.
; '; ": Foreign' Nations." . . "':'- '¦.'.'¦
Justice of English High Court Dis-
LAWYERS BRING UNIVERSAL
1 CONGRESS TO A CLOSE
Party leaders express themselves as
highly pleased with the visits to New
York "of Parker as tending ; to bring
about more harmonious relations. Par
ker reached Roseniount at 9 o'clock, to
night.'- '. ...
NEW; YORK. Sept. 30.— Alton B. Par
ker tp-night • went to Esopus. He' Is.
expected to return to .New. York next
Monday. ' Senator Gorman" of Maryland
visited- Parker, agatri to-day, and .dur
ing .the hour he spent with the Demo
cratic .nominee, .'they, went over 'to
gether all that -. has been .done' during
the campaign and all. -that has. been
Contemplated. -Their discussion, it is
said, had to do largely with reconcilia
tion of the many element's- of the-.Dem
ocratic party, which- have not been in
harmony. . •-.'.. ....'.•".
' Elements Discussed.
Plans for thei Reconciliation' pf Party,
GORMAN .VISITS PARKER.
John P. Langle, representing a bid
der, declared that the . New York
Stock . Exchange listed municipal
bonds only on condition' that they
were made from steel engravings.
This condition was imposed as a pre
caution against counterfeiting. B. S.
Hubbard, representing one of the bid
ders, said that if the° bonds wete list
ed in New York it would necessitate
the establishment of a paying agency
there. He had never heard, of litho
graphs being counterfeited, but # bank
notes and other engraved work* were
being- duplicated every day.. Letters
wfcre read from many banking insti
tutions favoring the engraving, of the
bonds. . -.'-.- '..', ' •
The Supervisors' Committee .on
.Printing, yesterday, reported in favor
of having the city iniprpvement bonds
rnaiie from • steel engravings, and
awarding "the. contract to the Western
Bank" Note. Company of Chicago,' r"ep
r.epented: by the H. S. Crocker. Com
. p'any, the lpwest bidder, at $.16, 500.
The. committee expressed regret that
-there -.were no steel engraving plants in
this city, but it # was agreed- that the
• steel engraving .was -superior to .11th
. ographing and would 'be-- more ac
ceptable to the -moneyed institutions
which would handle the issues'. /.- > /
.Charles F. Traung of the Lith
ographers' Association Urged the com
mittee to award the contract 'to some
I lithographing concern in this city. He
said the steel engravings would cost
$10,000 more than lithographing and
none but an. expert could tell the dif
ference. • ;
SiipeTAisors Decide .for Steel Engrav-:
irig nnd Regret the Work Cannot
¦ ' • ... Be Done Here. .
From. Los Angeles — F. A. Brown at
the Netherland/Mrs. H. M. Russell and
H. M. Russell at the Imperial, Mrs. L.
Allen at the Albert; Mrs. H. G. Braln
ard at the Park Avenue, E. B. Dicker
man and A. A. Eckstrom at the Grand
Union, S. . F. Moulton at the Marlbor
oiigh, G. S. Smith and wife at the Im
perial, A. . H. Wilcox at the Holland
House. .
NEW YORK, Sept.' 30.— The following
Californlans are in New York:
From San Francisco — W. H. Avery at
the Holland, A. J. . Buckley and Miss
E." Buckley at. the Buckingham^ B. A.
Harriett at the Holland, E. C. Harrison
at the Martha Washington, H. Hyman
and wife at the Ansonla, Miss S. E.
Stevenson a* the-Asior, I. T. Lewis and
wife and Gi A.' Bells at the Herald
Square, J. H. Brandt arid wife at the
Cadillac;. Mrs./ M. ..C. -Dering at the
Grand Union, H. Perrmann at the
Maryborough. T..F. Howard at the Park
Avenue. Mrs. M. Kreechbaum -.at the
Grand Unfbn» F^ C. Morgan at the
Herald Square,, MrP. H. T. Tucker at
the Metropolitan, • A. Williams at the
Hotel Bartholdl, D. Libby at the West
minster, Mr. McKay at the Grand Ho
tel, H. Merike at the Belvidere House.
H; N. Stetson at the Holland House.
J. Taxnman'and -wife at the Rossmore.
W. P. Winstein^at the Holland.
Frqm San Jose— Miss Kuman at the
Herald Square, M. H. Hyland at the
Grand. . •
' From Santa Rosa— A. Farley at", the
Ashland. -
Callfornlans in New York.
EASTERN FIRM WILL V .
: .. PRINT CITY'S BOXDS
ARCHBISHOP ADDRESSES
BROTHERHOOD OF ST. ANDREW
General Council ' Increased to Fifty
Members • at -the /'Convention -. '..
. . . ' ' .in Philadelphia:'". : '... ! :
PHILADELPHIA,. . Sept: 80.^-A.n
address by the Archbishop.'of ¦ Canter
bury and .t,he election of the. general,
council .were the . features of to-day*s
sessions -of the Brotherhood of St.- An
drew. The report increasing the nuni-'.
ber of . members, of the general ..cotin
cil fro.m thirty- two- to fifty, was-adopt
ed. •• The report' nominated forty-one,
•members, of the'brotherhdod' as grand
councilors' and they were' elected
unanimously.- Among these 'are'. H.
Robert "-•Braden", -Berkeley, .Cal.; arid
A. A.' Talmage, Los Ang-elesl - '•
Among those, who delivered ad
dresses to-day, was .George H. An
druss of Berkeley, .Cal. : •] ' ,;-. ¦
BANDIT KILLS. ONE,. WOUNDS
TWO. AND SLAYS HIMSELF
Labor Council /Prepares to Question
: : ;:- All 'for': legislature. .;¦..
-..- ¦ -on Proposed Measures^ _•• . ";-•.';•
•v At/yhe\meetta
last night a;, report 'was received: from
the.' jaw. arid legislative committee ; jm-i
parting - : i the;-: information ;!thats cards
bearing|;'quesUbnsytouchinj?!:;!ori proposed
labbrrrrieasures to-- be. Iritroduced-'at:the
next •; Legislature •¦- were .' ln - -.prep'arat ion.
arid;' would 'be ready;; In --time .tb'beVpre-:
sented to eachVcandidate;ri^^
the several:- parties ¦•¦'for! '•¦that .body'if;.'By;
this means •; it : is > proposed . : to •¦•\bb.tairi.
the views of the :men : who .seek' the - : ' a ".
bor vote. In addition'to this. the rec
ords of the legislators who voted' for
or against labor measures at the last
session will be published. •¦
The following delegates were obli
gated by the council and seated: Typo T
graphical Union, . Arthur S.. Hoar;-
Cooks' Helpers, Henry Hurley; Butch>
era' Workers, Amalgamated Meat* Glit
ters,.' William. McHugh;. Bakers '. and
Confectioners,' J. B. , Weiss; Black-'
smiths, P.' J. Sullivan; .Cigarmakers.
Nicholas Blum;". Retail- Shoe. Clerks," E.
Zu- Cushing. : ""-.,..• .•¦'.- •
'. The council donated .the siirn .of $100
for 'the benefit of the Stockton, strik
ers.- . . "¦ ¦...•••'•. • ¦ ; .
The various unions are. cheerfully re
sponding with their contributions-, for
the reception of the • delegates of the
American- ; Federation -of -.Labor/ .who
will arrive here, next month. ; . . . •
As a. measure of protection to union
labor steps • are being .taken to intro
duce manuals containing /la'bor union
.brands for the -guidance of purchasers,
as also storekeepers. . -;"•'• '••
The strike, which has 1 been vigorous
ly prosecuted by. the Metal Workers'
Union .against, certain employers, has
at last been called off.. The nature .of
the settlement has aot been made pub
lic, but the men ..who' were out have
gone back to work.
• There are only fifty-two men now but
on a. strike' connected with the Leather
"Workers- on Horse jGroods' Union No. 57.
.The Journeymen Horseshoers 1 Union
has submitted a. schedule of hours and
wages, with the understanding, that
horses from non-union stables' will not
be shod in union shops. This schedule
will pass through the' hands of the
Master' Horseshoers' "Association ". and
then be submitted to the Carriage 'and;
Stable Owners' Association. . :
Masked Robber" Encounters ftcsist-
ance While Trying to nold Up a
• Saloon in Colorado.
SILVERTON, Colo., Sept. SO. — A
masked bandit shot .'and killed John
Loftus, a faro j dealer, and -seriously
wounded Herman Stroble and James
Bockwell in J. H. Slattery's saloon and
gambling house early to-day and then
killed .himself.' The dead bandit, a
powerful man over six feet In height,
has not been identified. He was armed
with two revolvers and bn entering
the saloon* he ordered the dozen or
more men who were there to throw
up their hands. Instead of complying
Stroble. Loftus- and Bockwell, em
ployes in the place, attempted to over
power the robber and the shooting en
sued.
LEADER OP THIEVES' BAND
IS SENT TO REFORMATORY
Boy Burglar Committed to Whittier,
Where He Says He Will Learn
a Trade.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 20.— Eddie Turner,
the leader of a band of boy robbers,
was to-day committed to the Whittier
Reform School by Judge Tuttle. * This
action was taken on the petition of
W. G. Turner, the bov's father, who
testified that the boy was incorrigible.
Young Turner told the court he wanted
to be a railroad engineer and was will
ing to go to the Reform School if he
could learn a trade.
Candidate for Vice President Regrets
FAIRBANKS PRAISES HOAR.
Death of Senator.
TACOMA, Sept. 30.— Senator Fair
banks and his party we're on the sum
mit of the' Cascade Mountains when
the news of the death of Senator Hoar
reached" .them through- newspapers
which were brought aboard the train.-
Senator' -Fairbanks and h'is com
panions,- Senators Dolliver, .Foster and
Ankeny, expressed deep regret over
the news. Senator Fairbanks said:- •:
"Senator Hoar was a- statesman -who
held high rank. He was born near,
where the opening gun of the Amer
ican revolution was fired and .was In
stilled with the sftofit which inspired
those who. achieved our Independence
and" who laid the foundations of the
republic. He served his country for
many years with conspicuous ability
and undivided allegiance. He was a
man of great learning. His ideals
were high and to "them he was true.
He was a pure American patriot." .
New Members of English Club.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
30. — The English Club of Stanford,
representing the literary lights of the
university student body, held Its reg
ular fall meeting last night and elected
eight new members. Those elected
were Miss S. F. Wynne, Miss H. Pat
terson, Miss R. S. P. Freeman, K. A.
Bickel and D.V. Clift of the Stanford
Sequoia, the monthly, literary, maga
zine, and L. R. Weinmann, B. S. Allen,
M. M. Stearns and J. F.-Caswell, mem
bers of the staff of the Daily Palo Alto.
Fcredal Veterinarians Arrive.
SACRAMENTO, Sept 30.— At the re
quest of Dr. Charles Keane, State vet
erinary. Dr. J. Coleman and Dr. W..E.
Hill of the Bureau of Animal Indus
tries of Washington, D. C, have ar
rived on the Coast and will make a
thorough Investigation of Kern,.' Tu
lare, Kings, San Luis Obispo, Madera,
Fresno and> Merced counties, for ..Tex
as fever conditions among the cattle. .
Secretary of , the! ; Treasury Speaks of
¦;{-0 : ;:.1:<:-Jlte Tour inJCaMforniai.:.'. 1 ;;::'.':^
;:;Sfept- v^30.r--Secre.
tary ¦ of the: Treasury): Leslie.' >i. ; Shaw
has returned^ ,from : t.hey,^*e.st i ;.where he
had been b!i :: !a ; : ritarnpaigning: 'tour-.;' txill
of the; enthusiasm that-.that- region im>
fp.arts'-for.-'. the- Rei>Ublica'n\ tifeket^..-;. He.
spfeaks : Avithpijt:;iimitatlon^
c;epUohv:iriv: C$Mr^
; enthusiasm^f6nvthe>RepuW|ca^^
"an d -I 'c ord ial Uy >f o t.-; hil nisei f v pjef so rially
asi : -.ari jbfflcer of. the.^admiriistrfilion.' is.
ncthing less than af revelation. 'He-flgf
ures ' out.-. a- Republican victpry as-.cer-.
tain, leaving qutj.but not admitting
their loss, New. York, West Virginia,
Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada and
Utah. Without these and the 151
votes- of the solid South Roosevelt has
254 Votes, fifteen more than enough.
Shavtf Is ihore than' pleased with "his
trip throughout". and .what h.e has
¦learned in the West. '" ••' '¦• •..:.• ¦•' •
SHAW IX)RETELLS VICTORY.
WOULD-BE STATESMEN ', V
•.'.•:- '.7 MUST- FACE THE MUSIC
: .NEW TQHK; Sept. 30.— In a -fire In
the packing^ district to-day Fire Chief
.C^qker : -came;Cfte^
•faiilhg-thrbugh'-'a-jflbbr^weakened'-iby.
the flame^. into -a^ cellar. --His hand
was: badly cut: r . The loss,>l 250,000, ts
shared by the 'Cudahy Packing Com
pany; : : the -.T.; A. .; Wheeler. Company.
the • G. -'¦¦¦ H. ' : Hammond Pack In? Com
pany.; and.. Conron'. Bros. :. Nearly, two
score; of .firemen yrer* overcome by
: Durstihg,ammonla- plpes^l'AU will re
cover. ••': •: ."/ .'¦: "=•¦.• - : i'.-' ' : ' ¦¦•.'.'•¦
XKIV YORK FIRE dUEP •
.;'¦ NARROWLY ESCAPES DEATH
: . F. W.; Baltes. of Portland, Ore.-, owner
of ' one ¦ot. the leading printing vestab- ;
iishments of the NcrthWest;' .13 .at the
St." Francis.. .;.. -••¦••• ¦' :'. " . • . ; •';;•" /•:.-.: i|.'
.. B.VV -.G:' ¦.Whitehouse.-. a prominent
merchant" of ; Portland; Or., . who-has
been 'in .Calif orniafor^. a month.- 1 : -de^
parted ; f or the a north:. last nightlr>;^;. J
; .•.Charles Wi :: \C..o'.hlIsk.'.?secre.tary-'p'f the-
Galiforhia VGas'; and" Electric^ Corpora-:
tiOn;.:'lef t.'.f or; "aj "•trip. to:7the VEast • yes- 1
•terday.; was accompanied .by
v:.^ ¦"; ¦• i jv; i':.-''v
' 'Vs^muei ;¦ G/-;FuItohi- .head, 'of .• • the
freight '/department of the- Northern
Pacific .Railroad Company;. -in V Port
land, Or.,' is at : the St. Francis.' He Is
accompanied by Mrs. Fulton.
Hon. M. Bruinatti of Rome is at
the St. Francis. He- is a member of
the Italian Senate and has been at
tending the International Congress of
Arts and Sciences in. St. Louis.
G. E. Babcock of Coronado Beach -Is
at th« Palace. ' . ; .
G. Kunst, a prominent merchant of
Honolulu, is at the Palace. -
T. A. Bell of Napa Is at the Grand. .
s Dr. Backhauser of Coblenz, Germany,
is at the St. Francis: " ;• .-.¦ •• - : .:. .
Baron Ferste! and S. von Auspitz of
Vienna: ;. are .registered- at:- the St.
Francis;' •:'•.¦:;';;••:; -/ : -;'; : ; .-.-.^'- ¦ ; " • v 
•---F.'.-A.--Jones,; a •prominent 1 lumber
merchant of. Portland, Ore.,' is at the
California..'/-. • ¦• .:¦ ;:.:,-,;^-.-. -,v' ¦/ ¦'.¦"¦ : :
PERSONAL.
BOSTON. Mass., Sept. 30. — Among x
the preaching assignments of the noted
divines, whq will attend the great Epis
copal convention In Boston next month,
the following were announced to-day:
Bishop William Moreland of • Sacra
mento will preach at St. Stephen's oa
the evening of October 9; Bishop John*
sun of Los Angeles, at the Church of
Our Savior, Rosllndale on the morning
of October 9 and at St. Margaret's-
Church, Brighton on October 16;
Bishop Nichols of California, at the St.
John's of Cambridge, on October 9.
Over six thousand delegates will be
present at the convention.
Morckrad, Johnson and Nichols Will
Preach During the Week of .
the Convention.
CALIFORNIA BISHOPS WILL
OCCUPY PULPITS IN BOSTON
:¦ Several: . leaves 'of absence were
granted and petitions for transfers
were referred to the Chief Engineer.,
The Commissioners, adjourned till
next Friday at 2 o'clock. . . •
:' : i -: The '-jjeluxiI «ary :.flrW- ; alarrii-'.syste; in . : will ;
;be'V. : frt'brove'di-'--;.': : Pidns^ : ;-Jqr;vanVr«aglne.r :
house ' atVTwentieth' ¦£a^T^Kentupiky
'Bpard^of
WorHsJ'.with .. a'.-; requesV-.f or bids."' ./An
engine r hou^ is strong^
ly';! urged/ •..•:. .-'.• ;.' •'•.' - .'¦' ¦
•: "M. .I-NJ; Gattihi of 2045 Folsom street
was before : the ; board, to . obtain pay
ment, for meals: from Thomas Campr.
belK'of, Truck; 8.V' -The "board ordered
the-amountvpaid.v ";.... •..¦•¦:,'•'..'.-'•¦
•;: : JA-:--.: communication .: from.-^Manager
Chapman of the-XJnit.ed ! .Raiir.oads said
that in ;:\futu.re:^]the\vc.ars : \^puid ; .istop.:;;at
;a>;:distance/ of T200 :'feet;- : frbm police
TbjVes"-durtngVa;.p'arade^'pr"a'flre.;^O.^:V;'"-! ; ?.:
• The Board of Fire Commissioners
yesterday continued ;the hearing of
the charges preferred against Captain
Frank Nichols of Truck 4 and acting
Lieutenant William . Muenter of En
gine 8 for exercising their horses and
taking out the machines at a different
time from that flxea by the depart
ment. Both officers admitted that
they wished to see the Knights Tem
plar parade and by leaving the engine
house an hour ahead of the time for
exercising they and their men were
ena'bled to do- so. The officers said
that such had been the custom. They
explained that! they left a 'man on
watch at the engine.-house to give
them warning in. .case of -an. alarm
and stationed their engine most- of the
time on Van. Ness avenue near the po
lice ropes. .Battalion Chief Conlon
testified \ : that leaving engine : and
horses on asphalt on a hot day was in
jurious to the . equiomeht/ The Com
missioners ¦deferred : ..their" .decision.
Both me'nv have-: fine records.: 1 '¦¦'¦'< * .•;•; ¦¦¦ ;-. -.".
Captain and Lieutenant of Fire De
partment on Trial for Breaking
Chief* Order.
COMMISSIONERS CONTINUE
. HEARING OF CHARGES
After an all day's deliberation the
Jury disagreed, seven favoring award
ing the woman her claim. -five oppos
ing her. The rentals from the land-in
volved alone amount to a thousand/dol
lars a week. Further litigation will
ensue. . : ''/v' ¦:-. :' :¦'••:' ¦': '• ¦. "
HOUSTON, Texas, Sept. 30L— A
woman claiming to be Mary Kingston,
who disappeared twenty years ago, and
has since been believed to be dead, has
turned up. laid claim to being the
mother of a young lady also named
Mary Kingston, and to being the owner
of extensive real estate possessed by
the girl in the valuable portion of the
Batson Prairie oil fields. Her claims
are vigorously disputed. The young
lady has denounced the older woman
as an impostor. A sister of the woman,
who disappeared years ago, also de
nies the newcomer's claims, bjit ' a
brother, John Carson, testifies that the
woman is really their long missing
sister.
A suit for possession of the young
Miss Kingston's property was tiled by
the elderly woman, and after three
days' trial came to an end this evening.
As an identification, it was recalled
by the sister that the real Mrs. King
ston, when a little girl, had acciden
tally chopped off the tip of a big toe
and that the toenail had grown straight
downward over the end of the remain
ing stump. Mr?. Kingston removed the
shoe and stocking from her right' foot
for the inspection of the court and
jury- The result was mystifying, for
instead of the large toe showing the in
jury, the. one next to it appeared to be
mashed off. •. J '. -¦ ' -. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Claimant Is Denied by Her
Alleged Daughter,. but Is
Acknowledged by Brother
BERLIN, Sept. 30.— In the next num
ber of Its publication the German Navy
League will create a navy scare for
propaganda purposes. It will be shown
that the thirteen new battleships of
the United States, armed with twelve
guns of more than 23 centimeter cali
ber, would be able to destroy the armor
of Germany's greatest battleships be
fore their Inferior suns could reach
an effective range.
Accordingly the 1900 navy plan will
be represented as out-of-date and de
manding replacement by a new marine
organization with far stronger battle
ships. Besides, the league points out
that the American ships now being
built constitute a mighty fleet, able to
cope with the whole German navy. The
scare Is believed to foreshadow naval
proposals during the ensuing session
on a far greater scale than was an
ticipated.
Special Slspsteh to Tt» Call
BIG ESTATE INVOLVED
Martin tried to pacify her, but she
got more and more excited and threw
herself on the floor, crying "He's a liar,
a dirty liar. That man . killed my
brother." Bailiff Coyle and • Deputy
Sheriff Holland rushed into the court
room and carried her out. Her shrieks
rang throughout the building and a
crowd quh-kly gathered on the third
floor of the Hall of Justice. The wom
an was carried* to the elevator' and
taken to the basement, but it was
several, minutes before she stopped
screaming. She was conveyed to her
home at 322 Austin avenue. • >i
Soon after this scene, the Judge de
livered his charge and the jurors re
tired. They remained out three hour3
and returned at 9 o'clock with the ver
dict "Not guilty." Smith shook hands
with aJl the jurors. as : they tiled from
the jury box. Later, upon his ap
plication.' a night's lodging was given
him.et the city prison, as he. said he
feared vengeance at the hands of Gal-:
lagher's friends. v- : ; : '{'¦^'¦¦i:'.\y : '. .""{ '.,¦''.". ¦}¦¦ .'V; •
James H. Smith, the negro on trial
for the killing of Owen Gallagher
at Post and ' Polk, streets, dur
ing the recent stablemen's strike,
was acquitted last evening by a
jury in Judge Lawlor's department
of the Superior Court. Shortly before
the case went to the jury Miss Nellie
Gallagher, sister of the dead man, cre
ated a scene in the courtroom and an
excited crowd .soon gathered from all
parts of the hall.
Attorney Emory, one of the. counsel
for the defendant, was addressing the"
jury and was commenting upon Miss
Gallagher's testimony; when she rose
from her seat in the courtroom ' and
shouted at him, "You're a liar.". She
continued to shcrut and made a rush at
Smith, screaming. '-That' man killed
my brother." Bailiff Coyle happened
to be out of the room at the- time, but
Clerk Martin, seized the woman before
she reached Hmith.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept 30.— Judge
Frank Mowers to-day issued an in
junction against the members of the
Leadville Mining District Association*
restraining the association from pro
ceeding further to compel miners to
forsake the Western Federation of
Miners and take out association cards
in order to retain their positions in
the mines of the camp. Nearly two
thousand cards had been issued by the
association when the work in this dis
trict was interrupted to-day.
The application for injunction was
made by the president and secretary
of the local miners' union. The de
fendants comprise nearly every mine
owner and mine manager In the camp.
They are restrained from discriminat
ing against any miner because of his
being a member of the Western Fed
eration of Miners, or from making out
a blacklist, or from compelling; mem
bers of the federation to abandon the
organization, or from compelling them
to sign any agreement that they will
renounce membership in the federa
tion, or from carrying out or doing any
thing in furtherance of any plans to
discriminate against the employment of
miners who will not renounce their al
legiance, to the federation, or from in
any other way conspiring to deprive
any member of the federation from ob
taining employment.
WICHITA, Kans., Sept.. SO.— Mm.
Carrie Nation, Mrs. Lucy Wllhelm,
Mrs. Lida Mountz and Mrs. Myra Mc-
Henry broke two large plate-glass win
dows In the Mahan Wholesale Supply
Company's warehouse at 5 o'clock this
afternoon. They were arrested and are
now In jail.
One man offered bail, and when It
was rejected he became abusive, and
he has been placed in an adjoining cell.
The women knelt in a circle and
have been engaged in prayer most of
the time since their arrest. Mrs. Na
tion's hatchet was taken from her and
Mrs. McHenry's hammer, and they
both demand the return of their
weapons, which they claim they
cherish'.
Sister of Dead Man Attempts
an Attack on Defendant
in Presence of the Judge
Citizen Is Arrested for Be
coming Abusive When His
Offer of Bail Is Rejected
Hope Through Litigation to
Retain Their Positions in
the Camps at Leadville
Argument Made for a New
Marine Organization With
Vessels of Greater Power
URGES MORE BUILDING
Court Baffled by a; Woman
Wl\o Claims to Be Person
Thought Dead Years Ago
FIGHTING CARD SYSTEM
WOMAN CREATES SCENE
POLICE ACT PROMPTLY
CANNOT PROVE
HER IDENTITY
German League Points Out
Impotence of Their Ships
Compared to Our Fleets
With Three Other Women
She.JJreaks Windows of
a Warehouse at Wichita
Begin Proceedings to Pre
vent Owners Blacklisting
Members of the Federation
He Is Pronoiiiiced Innocent
of the Murder of Strik
ing Stableman Gallagher
CARRIE NATION
LANDS IN JAIL
JURY'S VERDICT
ACQUITS SMITH
MINERS SECURE
AN INJUNCTION
YANKEE NAVY
CAUSES ALARM
toe: s^ Sf^
TO ENJOIN STOCK SALE.— E. A. Norton,
in a «uit benm jTfterfiay, asks the court -to
restrain the I.#a Palma illa'.ngr Company from
rt'.'.'.r.e the rtock of any of the shareholder*
: for non-payment of the k*sessmcnt of six
. cents «. share levied on Aujrust 4. He alleges
that John II. Campbell has not paid any of
the aw^^wments. aggregating :'A cents a sh»r»,
on 43,J»"O chares of etoctc received by him. The
tnlne Js at Coneto. Mexico.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 20.— Antonio
Adams and Antonio Favanno, two
convicts, had a quarrel while at work
in the jute mill at San Quentin to-day.
Favanno, becoming enraged, picked
up a pair of shears and stabbed
Adams in the ear. Adams, though
dazed, ma.de a. rush for his opponent,
but before he could reach him a guard
intervened.
Both men are serving twenty years
for murder in the . second degree,
Adams being sentenced from River
side and Favanno from Napa.
j Felon Stabs Prisoner With Whom He
Was Working in Jute .Mill at
San Qucntin.
SHEARS USED AS WEAPON".
• • BV COXVTCX IX A FIGHT
Only moderately sized doses were
given, however, and in each case the
response was gratifying. : -. . . : . .
The most hopeful sign of the case is
the fact that although Payne's stomach
always has been, weak, he has been
ab!e to retain the nourishment given
him to-day. .Except during the sinking
spells, several of which occurred during
the day and . evening:;; the' patient re
fined; consciou'sriess all: the: timeiahd
his .mind appeared -to be^ actiye and
alert. •' - " •
. ¦' Dr.. : Graysorr remained:;'4t>'.thei/Payne'
apartments all- nlght;i;but-pr^;aiaigrudr.
c-r. left for: his home ¦before :i; o'clock^
The latter ;on •leaving" said : that 'Payne:
had been sleeping steadily, since 8:30
o'clock. The 'doctor added that. Payne
was .then still in grave danger;. ..that
his heart action had improved some
what, but that e'ven during the sleep
the heart action was irregular.
WASHINGTON. Sopt. 30.— The condi
tion ot Postmaster Genera! Payne.
ivnbse seri- js illness was announced
last night, continued extremely grave
throughout to-day. There were times
tiering the day. notably.: in the early
rourninz -and late in : the afternoon,
when -the attending physicians believed
death was hear,.: but .the patient re
sponded ':'_ to .:. the .; heroic ..remedies .and
seemed to gain-some pi the lost ground.
To-night at about £ ..o'clock .Fayne,;feil.
into a restful sleep .which: continued for
some time. The doctors- regarded, this
as encouraging for a peaceful: night;
Several bulletins were Issued by" th«.
lihysicians during the day and all of.
them indicated the critical condition' of
the patient- The greatest cause of
alarm n4s the feebleness of the heart
action, a.r.d It was found necessary to
administer saline solution and nitro
glycerine to stimulate that organ.
Physicians Who Are Attending Postmaster
General Hold Out Small Hope.
3
FREE FREE- FREE
TOBOGGAN
MAPLE
SYRUP
Made from Selected
VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE with Want Ads.
»" SUNDAY CALL.
See Announcement on Classified
Page.
¦¦: : ADVERTISEMENTS.
IlyonS
Our Advantage .
Over Others . . .
In making clothes to or-
der we are able to satisfy * ,
every whim and fancy a
customer may have*
• The purchaser of ready-
made clothes is compelled
to accept what is offered
him from a limited supply.
Our styles, fashions and
fabrics are unlimited.
This Is Your Advantage
Suits from
$17.50 up.
Trousers to order •
$5.00 up.
Samples and self-meas-
urement free by mail.
LONDON TAILOR
721 Maj'ketVn 122 KearnyJt
Pears'
Soap for toilet, nursery,
bath and shaving. Match-
less among all soaps in
the world for fckese pur-
»old all orer the world.
CUTLERY
EVERY .BLADE VARRANTED
fri.ivTrn'cl CUIS SICK HEADAC8&
CARTERS .
B53rmE Genuino Must Bear
g IVER Fac-Simila Signatsn
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gO\An Excellent]
mvvPOCKET
H /Vaknifb
Wa >J^My Price
Several ehmpm-and styles and your
ehoioe of hanCle, Including petrl.
A COOS &AXOB as low as ftl.OO-
Also olfcer grades, and all at moder-
ate price*.
ETAB SAFETY BAZOB — Regular
J2.00 kind. I sell for $1.25.
BAZOS STOOPS— As low t* 25C.
Razors honed and ground. Honlne.
25c
Two kara Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, lfic- .' .•£>;
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. XT. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 KAJCKST STXEET. Opp. Fifth.
BAN FRANCISCO.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
(taUSEUH OF AHATOHYl
a Q) iwmsrrrsr.ttt.frurtu.r.cu. A
\ Sf Tk« LwTestAaataslcal MBMinniatk* \
A Warl«. Wiitimw mt anjr caMdii A
7 fctr trgj *>»••*« p»»«H»»ly nrW by «k« oldr»t \
0 f& Pri &p«cukiMt •» U« Cmti. Zml y* r un. O
A 4 g^& OR. J0RDAN-O1SEAIES OF KEN 4
\ | Gj&k § C«»««lt*tio» free ami ttj^tir pHritt. \
A I iSW B Tr«at«i«rt prnoitf'r *" *>f letter. A A
1 I 7 SlK AmiIk An a cnij Windrmkn, \
A 9> K 11* Wrftt f« BHk. ruL««orBT*r J
V * B JlT ¦1KIUHK. MAtLZO NIL (A.W
\ A if •mlasbU baafc for aira ) ¦ \
Q OK. JtBPiX A C».. 1031 Ka.rktt St.. S. T. 9Nicholas Subbech, an inmate of the
City and County Hospital, on. show
ing signs of . mental aberration, was
about to be transferred, yesterday to
the Detention Hospital for the Insane
when he caught sight of a little brown
Japanese in an Adjoining "ward: In
stantly the Russian blood was up' to
fighting heat. In his effort to reach
the" son of Nippon it* required six men
to subdue him. before he' was laced in a
Htraitjacket; and tranf erred to the De
tention Hospital at the City Hall. Sub-"
btch . will be examined by the "Com
missioners on this forenoon.
Russian Would -Fight Jap.
Full . particulars and folder showing
th« route may be had . at 641 Market
street, Santa. Fe office. Sleeping car res
ervations should be made at cuca, - *
Rates for the "excursion are to St.
Louis and back. $6? 60; to Chicago and
back. $72 60; New York " and back.
$108 60; Boston and back. $109 60.
On October 4 another of the -popular
Santa. Fe personally conducted parties
will leave San " Francisco for St. Louis
and Eastern. points.. The Grand Canyon
of Arizona may be visited en route — that
greatest of all the wonderful sights In
America.' Return may be had by an
other way if desired. Either tourist or
standard sleeping-car berths may b« ta
ken. Mr. Otto Ludwig Zeus of the Santa
Fe. who will have charge of the party,
will see that this is made an exception
ally delightful trip.- It \n a chance to
visit the World's Fair , under the best
auspices. - '
Have you ever traveled In the personal
care of an experienced railroad man, en-
Joying a Journey free from worry, where
all the troubles are tiikeh care of. in ad
vance by him and you have only to buy
your ticket and.ro? \ ' ' ¦
'Personnliy Conducted. Party for St.
. 'Louis and the World's Fair.
NEW TQRK, Sept. 30.— At Demo
cratic headquarters to-day the an
nouncement was made that ex-Presi
dent'Cleveland would not speak dur
ing the. campaign. •
Cleveland Will Not Take the. Stump.
- Captain O. F. Bolles and John K.
Bulger, United States Local Inspectors
of Steam Vessels." yesterday handed
down a decision suspending for thirty
days the license of Captain Carl S.
Smith of the steam schooner Westport
and for sixty '.days the license of V. H.
Genereaux, chief mate of the steam
ship Pomona, for being responsible for
a collision between "the two vessels on
September 16, sixteen miles northwest
of Point Reyes. The Pomona was
damaged $500 and the Westport $1000.
The inspectors find that Genereaux
was negligent in navigating the Po
mona by not calling the master, as or
dered to do; in - not stopping the
steamship when he first heard the*
whistle and In 'falling to report the
collision' to the United States \ Local
Inspectors of Steam .Vessels. The;»
find also that Captain Smith wts
negligent In not stopping the Westport
when notified by the mate that he had
heard the whistle ahead. :
Licenses of Master of Westport and of
¦ Slate of -Pomona TieA Up
for Negligence.
CAPTAIN AXD MATE
ARE BOTH SUSPENDED
In - the suit of Henry C. Peterson
to compel- his wife, Elizabeth, who is
suing him for divorce, to reebnvey to
him.- Peterson's boathouse : and. the
profitable business appertaining there
to, Mrs. Peterson yesterday tiled an
answer and cross-complaint. Peterson
alleged that on February .16, 1.901, for
a nominal consideration he conveyed
all of his title to her as he was about
to visit Europe and wanted to provide
against the contingency of his death
abroad. .He said it was understood
that' the property was to be given back
on his return.
Her answer .says' that Peterson, at
the time of the transfer, admitted that
he' had received and spent his share In
their community property and she
gave him a sufficient consideration for
the deed. She now claims to be the
sole owner of the boats. and business.
She says the business was heavily in
debt and she has .used the profits, ex
cepting $1700, to pay the obligations.
She asks .that' he be enjoined from in
terfering with the business and' the
property, be -dacreed to be- hers. Judge
Hunt granted- her a " temporary re
straining-order against Peterson, which
permits. Mrs. Peterson to 'drew $7.50
from bank. : . .
Claims to Be Sole Owner of Property
Conveyed by- Husband — Injunc
. -. tion Is dranted. . • '. :
MRS. PETERSON ANSWERS
SUIT FOR BOATHOUSE
A full State ticket, with the exception
of a candidate "for the Supreme bench,
was nominated. ' No electorial ticket
will be. named. " ' ' ' ' • ¦
.Originally a Republican, Cannon
joined the Democratic party four years
ago because of his belief in free silver.
He-was elected chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central . Committee two
years ago and served in 'that capacity
until early. In the present month.'
Cannon is the first Democrat of prom
inence . to join the new party. He /
charged that the right of suffrage in
Utah was usurped by one man, mean
ing the president of the Mormon church,
and said that when the church officials
signed the Woodruff manifesto they
pledged themselves, to abstain from
poiltics.
•SALT LAKE. Utah; Sept. 30.—For
mer Senator Frank J.^Cannon, mem
ber, of a prominent Mormon family, to
night became identified with the new
American party, which has been form
ed for the purpose of fighting the in
fluence of -Mormons In politics. Can
non appeared before a convention
called to , nominate a State ; ticket and
in a ringing address pledged himself to
fight foT .the principles of the party
until they had met success. ;
Will- Assist to Break Mormon Power
. in Politics In Utah.
CANXOX JOINS NEW PARTY.
SALINAS, Sept. 30.— From the reg
istration returns received up to date it
appears that-'registration has been un
usually heavy and will exceed that of
last .year by more than 700 names. It
is. believed the total number of voters
registered will exceed 6000.
Registration Very Heavy.
WATSONV1LLE, Sept. - 30.— Edward
White, of this city, brother of the late
Senator Stephen M. White, has con
sented to, accept' the' nomination for
State Senator from the Twenty-ninth
Senatorial District. He Is. the-unani
mous choice of the Democrats of Santa
Cruz .and- San Mateo counties. The
convention convenes at San Mateo jlo"
morrow. .... .
White AVilllrie to Run.
Six Sworn in by Chief Wittman aa
lieutenants and Equal Number
as Patrol Sergeants.
The Police Commissioners held a
special • meeting yesterday afternoon
for the purpose of appointing six new
lieutenants and an equal number of
sergeants. They were all passed and
after being sworn in Chief Wittman
addressed them, admonishing: them to
carry out strictly and rigidly the rules
and regulations of the department.
The new lieutenants are John H.
Lackmann, Eugene R. Wall, Michael
Carroll", Marcus Anderson, Frederick
P. Green and Herbert J. Wright. The
new sergeants are Edward F. Ward,
John J. O'Meara, James E. McGovern,
James J. Karrell, Michael J. Grlfflrr and
Philip E. Fraher. Chief Wittman will
not announce their assignments till
to-day.
William D. Burns and George E.
Hessler were appointed patrol wagon
drivers and J. J. Connolly a relief
patrol wagon driver.
Merchant Asks Damages.
Fifty thousand dollars for damages
to business and reputation is demand
ed by H. L» Smith from Wolf Baron,
Jane Doe Baron, Jane Doe Sellg,
Abraham Sellg and Mary Doe Selis.
Smith is a dealer in ladies' cloaks at
726 Market street. He purchased a
stock of goods from Baron and oc
cupied the Baron store for four weeks,
then removing the surplus to his own
store. He alleges that on September
26 the defendants maliciously placed
a placard in a window of the store de
claring: that Baron -was overloaded
with old stock unfit for trade and had
sold it at a sacrifice. - — .
Samuel Davis was 7-8 years old when
he died on April 5. His estate is worth
.tl.66tf,©00".- In his will, dated February
•21. *189«. he made no bequests, but
named O. Rels as executor. The estate
.therefore fell to "the heirs at law, a
sister. Jane Davis, 87 years old and
recently declared incompetent in New
York; Mary Stone, Henry W : Davis
and several .grandnieces and nephews.
But a codicil to the will was found
dated March -17, 1904, and was filed
by Rels' for probate on September 12.
i The contestants declare- the'. codicil
was not written, dated or signed by
Davis. It -makes a specific distribution
of the property. One-half is left to
the. aged sister, $10,000 to Mrs. J. C.
Reis, $10,000 to Mrs. George -E. Bates,
J10.000 to Mrs. I. F. Cowdery, $10,000
to Mrs. W. B. Rels, $500 to Mrs. J,
Goldman. $3000 to Francisca B. Scam
rhers.'$5000 to Miss Belle "Wood, $2000
Jo Bessie La France, $20,000 to Daniel
Meyer for' charity, $20,000 to Charles
Reis, $10,000 to Robert Day, $5000 to
the. two sons of John- O. Reis, $10,000
to Harry T. Creswell, $5000 to James
Kane, $3000 to Emil-Clrcuel. $3000 to*
J. W. Orear, $500 to George Green and
the remainder to nieces and -nephews
and grandnieces and grandnephews. "
Objections to the. probate of the
codicil . to the wfll of Samuel Davis
were filed in behalf of Mary G. Stone,
a niece, and the Mercantile Trust
Company, executor of the estate of the
late Henry W. Davis, a- nephew of the
late millionaire. : '
tlcs frtr the. Estates of Dead
• California Millionaires.-
Addition to Long List of Legal Hut-
CODICIL TO SAMUEL DAVIS*
... WILL CAUSES A CONTEST
TWELVE MEMBEKS OP THE
POLICE FORCE PROMOTED
Democrats at headquarters yesterday
were discussing with interest the an
nouncement that Judge M. T^Dpoling,
Democratic candidate for Associate
Justice- of the Supreme Court, in event
of his defeat at the coming election
would become a candidate for Judge
of the Appellate Court, contingent, of
course, upon the fate, of the proposed
constitutional amendment establishing
the intermediate 'tribunal. It is 'said
that Judge Dooling-. feels that the hard
ships of the campaign will entitle him
to consideration if the Appellate Court
amendment goes through and he is de
feated for Associate Justice of the Su
preme Court. .;•,' . .
Dr. W. T. Lucas, Democratic nomi
nee-for Congress' in the Eighth Dis
trict, has filed- his Itinerary with the
State Central Committee. During Oc
tober he will make twenty speeches. .
The Iroquois Club held a meeting in
its quarters in the B'nai B'rith building
last night, the members being enter
tained by four well-known attorneys,
who discussed the proposed constitu
tional amendment establishing an ap
pellate court. Attorney .Arthur H.
Barendt was the principal speaker. In
presenting his argument, which was. In
favor of the amendment. Mr. Barendt
pointed out that there are pending in
the Supreme Court 1661 cases, many
of them having been carried there on
appeal three years ago. This state
t-uuld be remedied, he said, only by the
establishment of the appellate court
for which the proposed amendment
United States Senator Francis G.
Newlands arrived here yesterday ta
consult with the local Democratic lead
ers prior to addressing the mass meet
ing at the' Alhambra to-night. Word
was received at Democratic headquar
ters yesterday from the Stanford Uni
versity Democratic Club, which is com
posed of 150 students, stating that it
would attend the mass meeting and
would Join in song with the Parker and
Davis campaign quartet.
4lr. Newlands says he will confine his
talk to what he believes to ; be the
issues of the campaign, particularly
the question of the Philippines, the" re
tention of which hlB party opposes.
Mr. Newlands is sanguine that Ne
vada will -again ' go Democratic. He
says he has no faith tn the claim of
the Republicans that their chance to
reclaim the State is at hand, and finds'
a basis for his argument in the-enthu
siastic manner in which Bryan was re
ceived on his tour through the sage
brush land. Bryan is still the idol ot
the people of Nevada, . Mr. Newlands
says, and they appreciate the fact that
though he lost two campaigns .he lost
them while fighting for the principles
they advocate as best for the govern
ment.
SENATOR XEWLAXDS.
As election day approaches the in
dications multiply that California will
elect a solid Republican delegation to
the next Congress. Judge Conley, the
Democratic candidate in the Sixth Dls-
trict, is not a vote-getter, or a whirl
wind campaigner. Official returns of
election show that he runs behind his
ticket.
Yesterday General Stone, chairman of
the State Central Committee, was,
asked. to give his views concerning- the
outlook in the First and -Second Con
gressional districts. In reply he said:.
"I am thoroughly convinced that J.
N. Gillette's majority in the First Dis
trict will be at least 3500, and that
Duncan E. McKinlay will carry • the
Second District by 2500 majority.. This
is not conjecture, but a prediction'
based on impartial reports from -the
districts.!' ; •
Affairs in San Joaquin County con
tinue to engage the .attention of lead-
Ing politicians. There Is an erroneous
rmpreesion that this county belongs to
the .Democratic column because X.ane
received a majority of 75 in the last
gubernatorial election. In the State
election of 189S San Joaquln gave the
Republican nominee for Governor 87G
plurality. In the Presidential election
of 1900 McKlnley carried the county by
445. Congressman J. C. Needham's
majority in -the county two years ago
\vas S47 -and his opponent; Gaston M.
Ash.e, a popular and enterprising man,
made an exceptionally active cam
paign.
F. E. Dunlap, one. of the foremost of
the stalwart Republicans of "San Joa
quln. predicts that Needham's majority
In San Joaquin County ' will approxi
mate 1000. In 1902 the head of the'Re
publican ticket. -Governor Pardee, was
knifed by State and Federal* office,
holders and the raiiroad machine. In
this campaign harmony prevails in -the
Republican camp. ' The supporters of
Dunlap for State Senator were out
voted at the recent primary election
and the nomination went to A: E.
Muenther, but the' Republicans who
stood by Dunlap now .stand for the
whole Republican ticket," although they
have knowledge' that Duniap's defeat
was brought about by the activity of
one department of the Federal service
and railroad interference.
Estimates of the California majority
for Roosevelt range from 40,000 to' 50,
000. .. The marvelous increase of regis
tration in Los Angeles County prompts
a revision of the first estimates made
by the political experts. A plurality of
15.000 for Roosevelt and Fairbanks in
Loe Angeles County would not cause
surprise at party headquarters. The
number of registered voters this year
Is 66,000, an increase of 19,000 over the
registration of 1902. In looking over
the returns from the State. Oeneral
George Stone computes that 48,000 new
voters have been added to the list of
the registered.
SAX JOAQUIX COUNTY.
provides. M. C. Hassett, William M.
Cannon . and A. D. Lemon also spoke
on the proposed amendment, present
ing the.' same general line of argument
In its favor. .• •
The Greek-American Republican
Club met last night at B'nal" B'rith
Hall to announce its allegiance to
lloosevelC and Fairbanks. Over a hun
dred members of the club, of which N.
Valianos is president and F. A. Kitch
ner secretary, were present and cheered
the speakers, of whom Julius . Kahn,
Republican candidate for Congress,
was the most prominent.
Mr. Kahn thanked the club for call-
Ing upon him ; to address it, and
congratulated * the- members for
their wisdom in pinning their faith to
Republican principles. He pointed out
that the continued prosperity of. the
whole people depends upon the con
tinuance: of the policy inaugurated by
McKlnley and adhered to by RooBevelt,
and prophesied .a sweeping- victory for
the Republican ticket in 'November.
Judge Kerrigan,' .candidate for re-:elec
tlon to the Superior -bench, was -also
present and addressed the meeting.
In San Francisco th*re are more than
400 Greek voters, and it is- said that not
one of them belongs to the Democratic
party.' Taken as'a body they constitute
a formidable voting unit and they can
not be led into a political path they
have not -found by experience to be the
right "one.
Will Continue at Head of State Dc
pnrinirnt if Roosevelt Is Kleeted.
CHICAGO. Sept. 30. — That Secre
tary of State John Hay is to remain
at the head of the State Department
In case President Roosevelt is elected
in November has been settled, accori
ing to President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
of the University of California, who
was in Chicago to-day on his way
home from the Cast.
In an interview President Wheeler
said: . ' ¦
Th* b**t r**-« I received while In the East
I hud iros» Presiilrnt Itoewvelt to tht effect
that John Hay has now definitely contented
to remain ct th* farad nr th* State Depart
ment In ca*» of I'rrfldem Rnoaevelt'a elec
tion Tfcl» will be heard with satisfaction by
all American oitlzens ¦who appreciate how Im
portant are the international questions likely
tt> at!»r within the next two or three .years.
There hs.« lie en apprehension at various tlmet
Je»t Mr Kay. yieldtnc ta hi« natural liking
ftn a ciuiet life of »chc!arly leisure, might
willuSraw from office. I \rai>. thtrefore. very
mui-i: si-aiincd to lf«rn that the matter «u
•»Ule,i. - -
HAY TO ItEMAlX IX CABINET.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 30.— Four
members of the Cabinet — Secretaries
T*ft. Shaw. Hitchcock and Attorney
General Moody — attended the meeting:
to-day. -They .were in session with the
President for a considerable time, but
they gave assurances at the conclusion
of the meeting that nothi-nK of seri
ous importance had been determlne'd
upon. Some time was devoted to a
consideration of the political situa
tion, at least .three of the Cabinet
members present Secretaries Taft.
Shaw and Attorney' General Moody,
expecting to participate as actively in
the campaign from now on until elec
tion day as their official duties will
permit.
Attorney General Moody will go on
a speech making tour *>f' the Eastern
States, while Secretary Taft will 'leave
to-nipht on a trip through Ohio. In
diana, Illinois. West Virginia, New
York. New Jersey, Connecticut and
Maryland.
cush the Political Situation.
Mrmbrrs of Cabinet Meet nnd Dis-
CONFER WITH PltESIDENT-
Attorney General Moody is close in
touch with affairs In Massachusetts,
although he has been more than two
yearn in the Cabinet, to accept which
he r«-sifmed his ofllee of Representative
from the Sixth Massachusetts dUtrlct.
H* had planned not to remain much
longer in the Cabinet, but to return
to the practice of law. .
. WASHINGTON. Sept SO.-The death
of Senator Hoar ha* caused deep re
gret in Washington- When list elected
t<» the Senate from Massachusetts he
had a well-Fettled presentiment that
he trould not live through his t«*rm.
He -find strong wifhes regarding his
surci^hor. These arc known to most
of tlu- men In control of the Republican
politics of Massachusetts.
To a Call correspondent Senator Hoar
once said: "If any thins should ever
harden to me Mr. Moody is regarded
ss rny logic al Fucrowor. It Is my wish
that he should be."
This and other reasons lead to- the
opinion here that Governor Bates of
Massachusetts will designate Attorney
General Moody to serve out Senator
Hoar** term. It is understood that
former Governor Murray Crane is* not
In t-ueh health as would permit his
acaln entering: public life. If he de
f^red to seek the seat of Senator Hoar
be could probably. have it to the sat
isfaction of the Republican party. In
Massachusetts and the Roosevelt ad
ministration in Washington. If Mr.
Crane does not wish' It his wishes, will
be most potent.
Special I>i*r»tcb to The Csll.
The speech was delivered at the Ta
coraa Theater and to a meeting of huge
proportions, over which Senator Foster
presided.
During: the day the Fairbanks party
crossed the State, arriving in this city
at 6:30. The speeches of the day were
made at Prosser, North Yakima, El
lensburg, Cleelum and Auburn.
It was impossible to accommodate all
those who desired to attend the meet
ing here, at ( which both Senators Fair
banks and' -DoniVer spoke. ; The Sen
ators were enthusiastically receive^ at
both meetings and their speeches were
liberally applauded. ..
A erave territorial dispute has. bteh hon-.
orably and peaceably settled. We are' indebted
to Ilernjbllcan administration for Wie results
accomplished. It Is one of the great achieve
ments which makes for peace and President
Rooeevelt is entitled to great credit for its
accoml'l lehment.
The Joint high commission being unable
to sett)* the Question, the commissioners pro
posed to submit to arbitration. The Ameri
can commissioner)! were - unwilling: to UKnt
to this -proposition to submit to arbitration
tcrrltoty which had been bo long In the un
disputed' possession of the United States and
which they believed clearly belonged to u«.
The American commissioners were willing that
the subject of proper delimitation of the line
should be referred to six Jurists of repute,,
three ¦ of whom were to be chosen by the
United States and an equal number by Great
Britain and that the decision of a. majority
nhould be binding upon. the. two governments.
But th«y were unwilling to submit the ques
tion to the decision of European, arbitration.
The proportion 'of the American commissioners
was rejected, whereupcui that question was rer.
mitted to the two Rovernments to be • dealt
with through the usual diplomatic channels.
Some yearn were spent by the two govern
ments in an effort to "aexee upon a method
of settlement. The negotiations taken up -by
President McKlnley' were continued by Presi
dent" Roosevelt and a commission of jAx
Jurists wsi acreed upon, three. of whom were
to . bfc appointed by | the • President of ; the
United States and three by Great Britain and
the decision of a .majority of the commission
er* waa to be final. The commls«U>her» were,
appointed as' agreed by the two governments
and they convened in Ix>ndon In 1903 and after
due deliberation a decision- was "rendered sub
stantially In accordance with the American
contention. The Lord Chief. Justice of Eng
land, with thrre British commissioners. Joined
with, the three United States - members 4n
supporting the contention 6f our government.
Under the decision rendered by that tribunal
tin- United States will continue to control the
coast line unbroken as heretofore.
TACOMA, Sept. SO.-7-lri his speech
here to-night Senator Fairbanks dis
cussed at some length the settlemerft
of the Alaskan boundary dispute. Im
portance was- attached to his utter
ances upon the subject because of his
position as chairman- of the Joint high
commission. Zest was also added to
the discussion by the fact that ex-
United States Senator Turner, who' was
a member' of the commission by which
the adjustment was made, is now the
Democratic candidate for Governor of
this State. On this subject Senator
Fairbanks said In part:
Democrats Will Inaugurate Campaign
at Alhambra Theater To-Night.
Slade declares that Caryl worked a
similar scheme in Denver about eight
years ago with some old mining claims
and that the widow of the manu
facturer of "pink pills for pale people"
dropped over $100,000 . in the scheme.
On that occasion the company was
named the "New Era Union."
One of the chief reasons for not issu
ing the warrant was the fact that the
promissory notes given by Rockwood
will not be due till January 1, 1907, and
Caryl could put up a defense that they
would be met at maturity.
Caryl went to Los Angeles In No
vember, and -rumors were started that
everything was not right. Slade wrote
to Caryl, who has an office at 407 West
Twelfth street, saying that the mem
bers were beginning to suspect thct
they had been deluded. He received a
reply that they were not deluded but
"obsessed." That was all the satis
faction Slade could get.
Slade says he went to the St. Louis
exposition, and on his way back he
stepped off at Denver and asked the
opinion of eight different real estate
men as to the value of the land owned
by Caryl, and the answer was about
the same in" each Instance, namely,
that $tSOO would be a fair price, or
$1200 less than the original mortgages.
The • theory, was attractive and many
.took shares, of stock In the scheme.
Slade says he Is out of pocket to the
extent .of $1200 and there are many
more, Including attorneys, dentists and
mechanics and a host of women, whose
contributions amounted .to over $8000.
One wpman had lived on 15 cents a day
for years, thereby saving; $1000, which
Bhe put into the scheme.-
Caryl came here from- Denver In
May, 1903. and gave lectures, in Golden
Gate Hall. Slade says that Caryl is a>
man of strong psyschlc power and
soon w'on over his hearers. His propo-'
sition was to build a town on the co
operative plan on land that he* owned
near'. Denver, which he claimed was
worth about $26,000. A company named
the Vril Industrial System was formed
and Slade was made president of the
executive committee.
Af Caryl's suggestion E. R.-Rock
wood and D. B. Hall were sent at his
expense to Denver to examine Into the
value of the land, and they returned
and reported that the valuation placed
on It by Caryl was correct. Each mem
ber was to get promissory notes pay
able, in three years from Rockwood,
who was made a sort of trustee, Caryl
giving Rockwood a mortgage, on the
property. There were mortgages al
ready on the land to the value of $6000
and it was agreed that these mort
gages would be paid off by subscrip
tions from the members. In this way
$1000 was paid off, leaving $5000 still
unliquidated.
LEAVES THE CITY.
According to Slade, Caryl had a
large following In this city and in
duced many persons to part with their
coin. He was not a smooth talker, but
on the contrary seemed a man with
many ideas which he found difficulty
in expressing. His strong point was
his pretended knowledge of an agency
which he designated as "vril" or elec
tricity extracted from the air..
Scientists, Caryl said, had discovered
a. method of harnessing the vagrant
electricity without the use of expensive
machinery and wonders could be
worked with it. He held the secret,
but was under solemn pledge that the
discovery- was .to be made use of only
for .the benefit of mankind and that
capitalists generally might not profit
by it. -In his co-operative' colony mills
would be operated, the land plowed
crops harvested and all things done by
the power of '.'vril." The "vril" and its
wonder-working powers recall forcibly
to mind Bulwer-Lytton's book,- "The
Coming RaceV wherein a similar force
is used by strange people having its
habitat in the hollow .center .of the
earth.
MANY ATTRACTED.
J. W. Slade, 444 Jones street, who
claims to be a victim of a proposition
to build a town near Denver on the
co-operative principle, called upon
Captain Martin yesterday and asked
for the arrest of Charles W. Caryl, the
originator of the scheme, on a. charge
of obtaining: money by false pretenses.
Slade was referred to Bond and War
rant Clerk Fitzpatrlck, but as Slade
hesitated to put up the funds to bring
Caryl back from Los Angeles and for
other reasons the warrant was not
issued. ' -
Attorney General Is
Spoken of for
the Place.
Senator Tells Republi
cans What They
.. .Owe Party.
Projector of Scheme Says
That He Is Able to Draw
Electricity From the Air
SCIENCE IS THE BAIT
William Flannery, alias Williams,
was held by Judge Mogan for grand
larceny and sent to the Superior Court.
He wa3 arrested on September 9 for
snatching a diamond pin from the neck
scarf of Walter V. Kelly on a Sutter
street car.
Mr. Malloy was arrested for harbor
ing a 16-year-old white girl named
Maggie O'Brien, and a more serious
charge than that of resisting a police
man is booked against him. His wife,
a sharp-featured neg;ress. submitted to
the Judge documentary evidence that
she and the defendant were legally
united and therefore legally qualified
to adopt a child. The marriage certifi
cate was carefully wrapped in a back
number of the Police Gazette.
George Malloy (colored) asserted that
he did .not assault Patrolman Douglas
until that officer had violently and un
necessarily assaulted him.
"He sez ter me, sez he. 'Fo' two pins
I'd t'row you off en dls yah balcony an*
break yo' black neck.' Mr. Malloy tes
tified, "an* a few minutes aftahwahds
he sez, sez he. 'Fo* two pins I'd Jab dat
black: head ob yourn inter dig mortah
bed an* smothah yo' ter death.' Den.
w'en we arrove at der police stptlon, he
sez, sez he, 'Fo* two pins
"Well, his offers were low 'enough,
anyway."" interrupted Judge Mogan.
"Away below union rates," mur
mured Clerk Pat Gray.
"An" I sez ter him, sez I." Mr. Mal
loyresumed, 'Wot hev I done'— dat is, I
sez. 'wot hev I didr and he "
"Accepted the amendment, I pre
sume?" the Judge ventured-
. . .
It affected my brain This it woula no
have done if I had been accustomed to
drinking. I got drunk by Inhalation,
and did not know what I was doing
when I took the watch."
How far Mr. Ramsey's plea will ffo
toward mitigating his punishment will
be ascertained to-day when he is called
for sentence. ¦
.M. G. Ramsey, a cooper, was charged
by. his employer, A. Lamson of 225
Jackson street, with having stolen a
watch. The defendant did not deny the
larceny, but asked for lenity, on the
ground that h« was drunk and Irre
sponsible .when \t occurred.
"I am not a drinking man," he said,
"and was dead sober when I went to
work on a cask that had contained
whisky.. .The ; smell of the liquor was
very strong, and the first "thing I kaew
• • •
Charles Jones, a railway brakeman,
who was arrested with Miss Bessie
Henry while the twain were quarreling
at Sutter street and Grant avenue, con
vinced Judge Mogan that he was not
the aggressor at any time, and his dis
missal "followed. Miss Henry's case
was .continued until October 3. when
she will have opportunity to prove her
assertion that she was no stranger to
Charles, as he alleged, but had known
him for years. As for scolding him be
cause he declined to take her to dinner.
Miss. Henry averred that was all bosh.
She did acknowledge. that she captured
his hat. as he tried, to elude her and
escape -on a passing street car, but she
did that simply to prevent him leaving
htfr, .and with no idea of purloining the
.headgear. How some men could go on
the witness stand, and tell lies by the
bushel was more than she could un
derstand.
Alex Myatt, chief cook, and Henry
W. Hage. broiler, in a Montgomery
street restaurant, fought in the kitchen
and Mr. Hage had Mr. Myatt arrested
for' battery.
According to the complainant, he was
drawing ashes from the range when
the defendant commanded him to de
sist, and supplemented the command
with a hint that only en Incompetent
would think of raking out the stove at
that particular trme. "What you want
to learn, young fellow," Mr. Myatt Is
alleged to have said. "Is to fire up." Mr.
Hage immediately did fire up. tempera
mentally,: and,' as he testified, "one
word brought on another," until Mr.
Myatt besprinkled him with ashes,
smote him with a ladle and bespat
tered him with chicken a la bordelalse.
The cook's defense will be heard next
Monday.
*.--'. r..'Y' c ' ;^ •"?".•,•'' '••'¦;
James. Donnelly, opium slave, being
unable to find the means of indulging
his penchant in any other way, betook
himself to the roof of a "hop joint" in
Chinatown, and there inhaled the
fumes that ascended through the stove
pipe. He was , seen by a passing po
liceman, who arrested him. and Judge
Mogan gave him thirty days for va
grancy.
• • •
Humane Officer Hooper pronounced
Joseph Moore's horse the most at
tenuated eauine he had ever seen In
active service. So gaunt was its frame,
indeed, that the ribs almost sliced the
skin and one could have played a xylo
phone solo upon them. Mr. Moore de
clared the horse was amply fed and
hinted that its ribs were shoved out
by food pressing against them. If
the animal failed to lay on surface fat
he (Mr. M.) could not help it. Judge
Mogan then continued the case in or
der to consult veterinary experts as to
whether it is possible for a horse to
confine Its fattening to its interior.
Case continued till next Monday,
when Miss Johnson may be called to
tell, what she knows about it.
"Dar wui no "splcion In man mine
dat de .lady wuz de flo* manageh's
sweethaht," said Mr. Williams to Po
lice Judge Mogan, "an* I s'lected her
as man pahdnah simply bekase she
wuz de moV graceful dahncah In de
house. "Well, sab, we done dahnced de
pas-ma-lah, an* den I proposed de
bunny-hug two-step an' she wuz puf
fickly willln'. Away we goes a sallin*
'roun* an' de nex* thing; I knows is dls
yah flo' managah a pesterin' me. He
ohdahs me often de flo' an* w'en I de
man's an explanashun he comes a
kitin' at me wif a club dat he got be
hln' de bah. Wot could I do but put
up mah han's ter defen* mah face an'
haid? As I trowed up mah ahms one
uf mah fists bumped his eye. Dat's
how it all happened, yo' Honnah." "
Mr. Lopez then declared that Mr.
Williams annoyed Miss Johnson to
such an extent that she appealed to
him (Mr. L.) for protection and when
he politely requested Mr. Williams to
leave the floor he was viciously at
tacked by that gentleman. As to the
alleged club-wielding, Mr. Lopez ad
mitted that he indulged in it, but not
until after Mr.' Williams had armed
himself with a. chair. He was at a loss
to account for Mr. Williams' rude
treatment of Miss Johnson, who was
noted for her gentleness of manner.
The orchestra was playing and some
of the ladies were singing? "Jimmie,
Jimmie, That's the Name They
Gimme," and, as Mr. Williams' bap
tismal name was James, he may have
taken offense at the music and words.
It was difficult • to .4 assign any other
reason for . his ungallant . behavior
toward a lady of Miss -Johnson's en
gaping demeanor.
James Williams (colored) most em
phatically denied that hi3 assault on
Dan 'Lopez (colored) was either un
provoked or made with intent to effect
grievous bodily Injury. On the con
trary, he averred, he struck in self-de
fense and with his flst only, as Mr.
Lopez -was strenuously endeavoring to
brain him with 'a heavy club..
The encounter occurred in the Paci
fic-street dance hall, of which Mr.
Lopez Is sole proprietor and floor man
ager. Mr. Williams dropped In to trip
the latest two-step, including the
"bunny hug," with Miss Anastasia
Johnson (colored), whose fame as a
terpsichorean artist extends beyond the
confines of the Barbary Coast. He -was
not aware that between Miss Johnson
and Mr. Lopez there existed a tie more
tender than the relationship of faith
ful employe and appreciative employer,
else his attitude toward the lady might
have been marked by less freedom.
Even as It was, however, she; did not
object to- his deportment and only a
person afflicted with the unreason of
jealousy would have regarded it as un
duly familiar.
Interest of Tacoma's
Voters Roused by
Fairbanks.
Senator Hoar's Seat
May Be Filled
by Moody.
J. W. Slade Claims He Is One
of the, Many Victims of a
, Co-operative Colony Plan
Jealousy Alleged to Lurk at the Bottom
of Dan Lopez's Complaint Against the
Man Who Danced With Anastasia Johnson
FORECAST OF THE RESULT IN CALIFORNIA;
ROOSEVELT'S PARTNER TALKS IN THE NORTH
ASKS ARREST
OF C. W. CARYL
DISCORD DISTURBS TERPSICHORE
IN A TEMPLE AT THE NORTH END
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, • OCTOBER 1. 1904.
The Republican State Central Committee is convinced that J. N".
Gillette, the nominee of the party for'Congre&s In the First IJIslriff,
will be re-elected by a majority of 350(1, Mr. Gillette will speak to
the i>coplc of Sonora, Tdolnmne County, next Monday evening.
.Hie committee predicts that Duncan E. McKinlay's majority
in the Second Congressional District will "exceed 2500. Congress
man James McLrfichlnn and Mr. McKinlay. will address the people
of Marys vlllc to-night. -.
CENTRAL COMMITTEE IS CONFIDENT.
Commencing October 1.' train* No*.; 13 awl
14.- Reno locals, running between San Fran
cisco and Reno, will be discontinued. A num
ber eX minor vhanfts ma/ also b» m*4*> •
Reno Local Trains Discontinued.
OCTOBER SUNSET MAGAZINE CON
TAINS > three-p««e colored insert by Cucuel:
Camp Ataseidero articles by Governor Par
dec, i General Mac Arthur and others, and many
article*,-' -stories,- eketehes.' etc, all finely illus
trated. On sale at all ne wa ' stands. •
4
ADVERTtSEMEyrS.
FREE ADVICE
OV CUKINO
Here's the best
•rift ever offered to
Deaf people — free
sdvlee on eur-.v.g
Doafrioss from the ft 4®^ la* A
PK-.Uts; Deafness f i g[\W-
Doctor of the ti-nra /;¦ Ml% 1
—the far- :¦»••* D«»f- US &| l /5*S f j3^^
r~> S 1, e c i a 1 i s t I iff ll? £Cji&F
> - \\u\ f ;ii^flS5S'/'JL ¦
Dealers! ; :i; on \i\ BfcSaBr" •
fc^> : ._.- ! \ rr is 1;^
your ci»:iuce to have I* \ *mVhI •¦
s ftr»t .-Lit? special- l, ; \ Vmt
!st — th« best in the fV 1 ,^ .7^1
on the ear \V\lj S '.'#
*n«l all its troubles
•nd tell you. wa!i-
out H* eostltiB you a c-ent. Just what to
do to gft cured. You ten be sure of the ,
b^iit of help ;tnd sympathy from him. for j
IVafr.ess Bprciiilist Spreule'a heart has
nlways .-lched over the sad lot of the
r>r*f.
Write to him to-day and tell him nil
about your ]_>e«fr«^ss -and Just how It
cam* on. Up will civ* you the most val-
uable -tneditnl advice and make
XO CHARGE WHATEVEK
Kor dlapnosins your trouble and- telling
you whnt you should do to cure your
Dr&faess. Don't let this generous offer
pass! AnBiver the questions yes or no.
write your name and address plainly on
the dotted lines. e«t rut the Coupon. Rnd
vend it to SEA.FKESS SPECIALIST
SFSOITX.Z. ICC Trade Bnitfiiur. Bottoa.
Free Medical Advice Coupon
fio ya»r e»r# ttdk T
•»"'" your tart throb t
Do your ra+$ fttl full f
Art yen «ror»« 1* damp wttiker J*
Ho po* hrar bttltr in a noiry plaot T .
J>o r»u \etr rimgimg «mimIi m yo*tr tar* T
I* v^it P«\f*tu worn if,Vn y»u Aor# a cold 1
rai yoir Mtttr *ow» *xn-ieis UtUr ttcu other* t
Do y»«r tmrt tract trlitn yo* fcfocr yvnr mom h
NAME
ADDRESS ;^^^»S^PJ
POA3PS PULLS.
A ESEATBECOSD
Harfl to Duplicate It in
Si Francisco.
Scores of representative citizens
of San Francisco are testifying oa
the following subject. Such a record
of local indorsement is uneqaaled in
modern times. This public statement
made by a citizen is but one of the
many that have preceded it and
hundreds that mtU , follow. Read it:
F. M. TucL-v, dairy farmer, of
737 Howard street, says: "Trouble
with the kidney secretions to me
was a fruitful source of annoyance.
Sometimes continence or stoppage
was very marked; sometimes the
action was too often and the quan-
tity too profuse. In addition to this
I had backache every now and then.
Matters had gone on like this for
some years, and although t con-
stantly tried to get rid of the cause
I was unsuccessful until I used
Doan's Kidney Pills. What I saw
in an advertisement which induced
me to take a course of the treatment
was true, for the pills acted exactly
the same in my. case and a cure was
the result."
For sale by all dealers. Priee 50c
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo. N. Y. f
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
RICH OR POOR— YOU HIED TXETB
No one, old enough to know better, should
be neglectful of that most vital and oseful
organ of the human system — the teeth— the
very guards to the gateway of health.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
should be found on the toilet table ef every
one, be he rich or poor, it will not tarnish
1 gold work nor scratch the eaameL A per-
i feet dentifrice — th© one for you. -
I PQRM3: LIQUID, PQWDEX PASTiEASTEIW WILL FILED.— An outhentl
cated copy of th* will of Hamilton Smith who
died in N<Tw HamoKhlre July 4, iboo ' waa
filed for probate yesterday. His California es
tat© consinU of n fourth Interest in property
fronting 283 i set on Market »tr#et. near Fif
teenth. Out of th« hnlf hundred heirs the
only.cn* In California Is . Mary B. Mendell of
tbli city; Htnry C. PcrWn» petltloni forl«t-
Xtx* u»tameatary. . . ¦• ¦.--•-¦
A fine chance to visit the World's "Fair, or
the East is offered in the "Volunteer Fire
men's excursion, which lerfres San Franci»co"
over the lines of the Southern Paclflc Tues
day. October 4. The party will go through St
Louis to Boston, stopping at the World's'Fair
Jour days 0V1 their return. It wiir be a
thlrty-three-day trip, with vleiu to all im
portant cities ar.d entertainment. at all stop
over points. The return will be made beforo
election day, November 8. .Join this excursion
If you want an extra fine trip east. Round
trip to Boston. *102 15. Ask about It to-day
at Southern raclftc office,' 613 Market street •
Excursion of -Volunteer Firemen.
Bapgrige. transferred to and from all trains,
itesmert. etc, at - low : rates. . One trunk'(«in-'
cle trip) 35 cents; round trip CO cent*. Morton
bpeclal Delivery.- SOS Taylor St.. tUO Market
st.. Oakland Ferry Depot. - Phone Exchange 4U*
Notice to Passengers.
¦ SAN DIEGO, Sept. 30. — Frank Pe
ters Jr., 15 years old, . to-day. Jumped
from a La Jolla train while it was go
ing-at full speed and landed on- his
head. His left ear was torn off and
it is feared his skull Is fractured. He
made his way, home unaided and
though , he -.fainted once on the way,
attempted, to ¦ conceal his injuries by
crawling into' bed. '
Youth Makes Way to Home and Tries
. to Hide' Injuries by Going
to Bed.
BOY JUMPS FROM FAST ;V V ;
TRAIN AND IS BADLY HURT
Judge Mackay oi Exeter, Tulare
County, has fined J. Warfield $25 for
killing a female deer. Justice -of the
Peace Dodd of Elk Creek, Glenn Coun
ty, has fined a John Doe sportsman
from Saji Mateo-$25 for killing ; quail
during the close season. • Judge
Crockett of Ukiah has fined William
May'$25 for. shooting a. fawn.. Justice
of the Peace Mealer oflsleton, Sacra
mento County, has fined Antone Bron
tana $25 for killing ducks during the
close season. ¦ Judge Beers of Arcata
imposed a fine of $25 on- Charles Lis
cum for killing wild ducks. Judge
Lampton of Woodland has separated
George Farley, from. 530 for having
wild duck? in his possession.
Game I^aw Violators Punished.
ST. Prrn:i^nUR«. Sc D t. SO.— The news
that wvcral valuable ell palntlne* of Em
rror Nicholas at the St. ljouit Exposition
Kave been defaced bas cauaej a palr.fvil im
pression here.
"CHILDREN ENTERTAIX .¦'{£1
FOR ANNUITY FUND
Cleveland Primary School Pupils Ren
. der Fine Programme Before Large
and Enthusiastic Ajulience.
Eintracht Hall was crowded last
night with an audience that listened to
a clever entertainment furnished by
the pupils of the Cleveland Primary
School. The "Columbia Park Boys'
Club and amateur and professional
talent also assisted the children. The
entertainment was for the benefit of
the public school teachers' annuity
and, retirement fund and. was under
the direction of. r the principal ana
teachers of the Cleveland School.
j Many, instrumental and vocal solos
and choruses were given, the number
that was most applauded being the
national* anthem, rendered by the lit
tle boys and . girls of the primary
school. This selection brought the
large audience to -its feet and received
several encores. The programme was
a long: one and included drills by the
children arid original sketches.
' The following teachers* had charge
of. the affair: Miss Cora Gallagher,
principal; Mrs.^ M. Seabrook. Mrs. J.
Sarles, Mrs. J." Kennedy, Miss 'A. C.
Karatar, i Miss N. T. Moynihan,* Miss
M. C. Casey. Miss J. P.' Doty. Miss M.
C McKinney. Miss N. E. Gurry and
Miss M. S. Page.
PETITIONS IN INSOL.VENCT.— Petitions
in insolvency were filed In the United States
District Court yesterday as follows: August
C Flngerle. merchant tailor, Modesto. Habili
tiss $1113,' assets $148; Robert H. McMillan,
livery otable keeper. Alameda. liabilities 13127,
assets %>~XO.- ' . ¦ ' . "¦ , . '
AN ECHO OF WAR In October Sunset Mag
azine: .Wonderful Camp Atascadero pictures
three-page colored Insert. : many ¦ articles and
stories. On dale at all news stands.' •
VENTURA. Sept. 30. —^The Lima
bean growers of this section ' think
they have the whip ha,n\> this season
and refuse to fix the ©rice < beans.
The buyers ¦Fay thore is'liftle sale, but
offer S^i cents. The growers laugh at
the offer and talk 4 and 5 cents. Ths
fanners say. they are -in no hurry to
seii. ' ' - *•¦•. •" ' .. •/
The crop will be lighter tha'rv last
year's, when half a -million .sacks were
raised. It is expected that this year's
crop will yield 300,000- sacks.
¦Venttira Farmers Will H61d. Theli 1
•Crops Until They Get Price-
They Want.
GRO\TERS OF IH^VXS I^ArGn
AT THE OFFERS OF BUYERS
During the. evening Miss Laura Tay
lor .sans several selections and Miss
Lavinia Glesting- played a piano solo.
Jessie Lezette Beard. Ida Emma Dawson.
Ora Farmer. Minnie Fechlmer, EHsc'Ruth
Fechimer, AlJreda Lawton Gardner, Ethel
Blanche Grundy. Olive Evelyn Ilanna, fllatlee
L. Johnson, Mildred E. KItto, Augusta Menke,
Ethel May Mlddleton. Bertha Ernestine No
wottny. Leona Offleld. Alice May Olney. Clara
Ix>ul;e Parsons, C«:ll Purvis. Ida Marie San
derson; Maud Clark Stone, Gertrude A.
Townsend, Rose Trumpler and Ethel Ashley
Webster. . • • ¦-• •'» ; <-' »\ ,-
•Graduating exercises of the class of
1904 of nurses of the Hospital for
Children and "Training School for
Nurses were h'eld Thursday evening at
the institution. Among those who ad
dressed and complimented the class,
which was the largest in the history
of the school, were the Rev.- J. F,
Thomas, Dr. H. M. Sherman, Mrs.
\V. . B.. .Harrington, president of the
Children's Hospital, and Mrs. L. L.
Dunbar, chairman of" the training
school committee. Mrs. Harrington
handed. each graduate her diploma.
: Following are the graduates?
Graduates of Training School- for
., Xurscs Are Handed Valued Parch- .
¦ nients by Mrs. Harrington.
CLEVER WOMEN RECEIVE
. - " DIPLOMAS AND PRAISE
. COMPANY- WAS -TOO BUST. Judg-* Gra
har« yesterday' took under submission the mo
tion of the San . Francisco Gas and Electric
Company tp set- aside tt>e default Judgment for
$."50,000 gijren.to Howard J. Lawler, who sued
tor damages -for Injuries . resulting from in
exi4osion of gas in- his kitchen. Affidavits
¦were presented tending to show that the com
pany officials were so -busy with the illumi
nation for the ~' conclave . that Lawler*s suit
was overlooked." •
BLIND MAN'S/WIIX. — The will of John"
Haisey Burke, the blind man who died on
September 21. leaves his entire estate of per
sonal property and securities valued at more
than $10,000 to his wife. Eva A. Burke, who
yesterday filed the document for probate. The
will is dated September 16 and names Robert
M. * Collins as ¦ executor. Collins performed
many services for the blind man In his life
time- '-',• •' ;.¦"¦"-¦¦ • .
On Sunday. October 9, the CClfomia North
western Kallway will run . an^ excursion . to
•Willits. Each ticket sold Insure* a- »at! Tims
of departufe from Tlburon Ferry, foot of Mar
ket street, will b« 7:3O ». m.. and from TVil
1 ltts on the return, 4 p. m. Train win not stop
In transit. Fare for the round trip only $3-
Tickets now on sale at 650 Market street.
Chronicle building, and Tiburon Ferry. After
"lunch in Wllllts a special train will take all
those desiring to go to the mills ar.d ponds
of the Northwestern Redwood Company and to
the redwood*. No extra charse. " ; r •
Excursion to Wllllts.
proceedir:??! arid have since refused to
prait trancliiEES -a-anted for extensions
la the city. Under the new agreement
fifveral-. miles of additional electric
lises are to be buUt at once to. con
nect R3versi3e with surburban places,
and nltirnately Los Angeles. '•
. ; RITEJISTD-E. S?pt~ 30.— Ann on nc*-
Trienl Ti-as msfle -lo-niglit that all suits
and- differences bersreen the "HuTitinp
t^nETeetfic TlanwsT Corporation and
'.the Kiv^rsude'Clty Trcstees "have bt;en
Pfnifm^nj adjusted. -The first difficulty
sirose sevtrrai years ngtC when the city,
•whic?i then, served the. company with
power Tor lopal tTOiley Irnes. .raised the
price for tliis sptHp? above the con
lrart srSe-Snle..' Hnntingtxm refused to
y*£J-.£jifl the City Trustees threatened
•to rfrct «3 his po-sSrer.' . A.-.*
Ther'weTe prevented try Injunction
.Huntinarion and Trtistees .of KiVerside
Adjust Their Differences and
, inrnrovemciris AVill Follow!
v£irnxE3EKNT or sots
. .; paves' vat. for new roads
Money isi; on the whole, firmer, re
flecting belated crop movement neces
sities. A striking absence of political
agitation : a.s affecting trade is "noted,,
and the feeling generally Is that the
year "will, ciose better than it began.
Notable, features, are the improvements .
In jobbing trade in nearly all Western
sections, groceries, millinery," hardware., .
pafnts and- drugs. Weather tends "to
retaril retail tradfe somewhat, but on
the whole "helps, crops to mature • bet
ter, than .was.- 4t .-one time hoped for.
Southern trade feels . the effect of. the
rapid movement Qf cotton to market, j
Pacific Coast trade shows . some ex- '
pansion,. though heavy ra'ins in" Cali
fornia have brought damage to- grapes,,
raisins and vegetables.. A heavy de-.
mand'for whAxt" for Shipment to • the/
East helps' business, but burd.eils the
railroads handling it. Water transpor
tation tx>- the Eastern seaboard Is her
ing considered 1 .'
Eastern trad.e' shows- a fairly good,
tone on a rather better industrial out
look "and -the reports' of better 'trade
coming from the W;est and South. La
bor troubles, are charged with ; the
quietness shown in" lumber at the. East.
Northwestern advices are that the lum
ber cut the coming winter will be light.
Hides are very firm.
Business failures in the United States
for the week ending September 29 num
ber 179, "against 203 last week, 153 in .
the like week in 1903, M4 in 1902, 175 in
1901 and 177 in 1900. In Canada failures
for the week number 21, against 27 last
week and 10 in this week a year ago.
Bradstrcet .Kepbrts Expansion on the
• PUciflc Slope.
N.EW YORK, Sept. 30.— Bradstreet'ai
to-morrow will say: '"The word 'Im
provement' summarizes "briefly the
course of trade and general industry
this week. Al though f the movements,
as for a time past, are along conserva
tive" lines, the undertone is rather" more
optimistic than at. any previous time
this season. Reasons .for; this are, found
In the continuance •'•of- ; propitio.ua
weather conditions, 'a tendency to en
large final estimates of grain crop
yields, more activity' in ; piglron; and
better collections, based upon enlarged)
crop "movements. Confirmation of these J
report's la found in the increases in i
bank clearings, both in New York and '¦
outside thereof, as compared with Sep.- |
tember a year ago. and in continued
gains aggregating 5 per cent in gross j
railway earnings ov-£r 1903. .
COAST TOADE'lMPRCrV'KS.
. For a purpose not named In- the'
document filed. 'in. edurt yesterday, the
management of t*b Eastern insane
asylums is. to be called Upon- to give
testimony }n behalf of Adoiph Schah
<Jer. in his contest ; of the' will of Bertha.
11. I)olbeer. Albert' M: JoJinsoh, at
torney for" the contestants, gave notice
yesterday -that In Judge Coffey'.s court
on next Monday morning he would ap
ply for- an- order for commissions to is
•sue for the taking" of depositions in
Hartford, Conn., and Worcester,. Mass.,
ef the superintendent, manager, secre
tary or cle'rk of the -Massachusetts and
Connecticut State, .Insane asj-lums.
S"chander's .attorneys ' also filed a de
mand yesterday for a jury trial of the
contest. • . ! ' .
More Dolbcer Depositions.
" VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept. 30.— By a
cave-In .of", a tunr»r being, dug }n a su
burban district of. Fairview, four men
were, buried altve- to-day. Albert Han
.sen. a Swede, was taken out dead. • J.
Nicholettf, an Italian,- had his" collar
bone broken and two others sustained
slight injuries. . -v'.!^-."' . *.
Cave-In Brings JDeath* to Four Men
mad Injuries to Threef : ".
Others. llr; *V
WORKMEN BURlED' ALTVE
" IX. A VANCOUVER TUNNEL
PREACHER RECENTLY APPOINT
ED PASTOR OF • CAJLIFORNIA
STREET METHODIST CHURCH.
Miss Josephine E'. Frank,* a "regular
teacher In the James Lick Grammar
School", was 'temporarily' assigned. to
the Henry Durant ; Prfmary School
during the leave" of absence granted
Mise Frances Gr'eehhoad.
The board took, under- advisement
the offer of E. F. Burns to lease .the
School lot !on Washington street, be
tween Hyd& and Larkih.
• Superintendent of Schools Langdon
announced .that -he will leave next
v.eek for Boston and Chicago to study
the 'parental schools, kindergartens
and ungraded classes. " Deputy'A. A.
McCurda, will act in Langdon's place
during the- latter's absence. "
The board received official notice
frcm the Supervisors that there are no
funds to establish a Japanese school.
Grammar" grade certificates were
granted to the Misses G. C\ Rutan, D.
K. Starr, F. Gray, M. K. Hewitt; th,e
certificates of Misses M. Fairchild. M.
A. Nolan and M.- C. Donnelly were re
newed and a so^clal drawing certifi
cate was grantee, to Miss E. Ferrar.
Leaves of .absence' were granted -to
:,Mi?,s Clara. R. Bailey, a teacher in the
Kmerspn Primary School-, on account
of ill-health, a«d Miss Kate Haggerty,
a teacher .in the Peabody Primary
School: •
The Board . of Education -has
ratified the action of .President Ron-,
coviorl in granting the petition of the
Alliance Francaise for the use of the
Dudley Stone Primary School, * after
school hours, for the purpose of im
parting instruction in the French-lan
guage to 'all persons as may wish to.
avail themselves pf this privilege.
Sirperintcnllent Langdon to Go East to
\ Investigate Parental Schools
and' Kindergartens.' . .
;• '..'Jad^e'. ¦JUbexry-'haa TeQLiieste.d :the
oDireslarits to modify" their complaint
yo- tnaj.- enough "work can be ca-rrled
Yon ip : preserve- ihfl-iE'Drt -already Cone.
.-:¦.'' -.'The -ccTaesauts claim that If the. weir
JY-,co=3i>3eie'd their lands cannot be
:-t'.rcrj)erlv. "dTa^ned. as the- water will
r«s .Oslleti • bUt -vrill be' ke£>t on
. th* 2zna» jnafeins it impossible to 'raise
"ifTppE.' -inr '.which.-3-t '-had been former Is*
'.. • •', . ¦ ' the X^aixxllffs.
AVTi-Txrvrs. Sej)^. 20. — A. complaint
has -been filed la the; Superior Court
:of Golvs* Coustr b'jr Cie Central Cali
fornia. Investment* 1 ' Company asking
ti:at Krani Eyan and associates Tbe exi
jolxied '»»" completing tXie -weir across.
BnTte Slo-vgh. This is one of the la-rg
fxt pJecsa- of engineering construction
trcrfc. yd. cHemplea along the Sacra-
E^txun. It ¦u-aa Intended by. its pro
. jabters to. thus- keep -the overflow
•Ircrni' tlie Sacsamenio froni flooding 1
a " lar^e part of -"the river settJqn -of
-JEniST'CouiilT- ¦¦•••"!•
n»4 m is Made That Oompletlpn of
• .¦•:;. tfoxt Will Injnre laiids of .
COinrr ASKED 1O EXJOEf
'-"'.' BUILDERS OP BUTTE TTETR
. '• • ¦ : ' ' ¦ • O
• " VENTtniA, SepL. SO.— The . temper
ance women of the town, thirty in
number; took l?ouQueta to 'the . town
>i»Tl last nigh.t prepared, to shower the
flowers' upon tfce trustees. But Instead
of placing Coral crowns upon the" brows
of the city fathers and fairly covering
them with', the prettiest buds to be
plucked in the. gardens of Ventura, the
•ladies 'threw their pretty .posies under
Vhe chairs, sniffed contemptuously, and
In a high dudgeon.' marched out of the
:towa -hall;
.. .-The ioaxtS' haxl been petitioned to re
duce tie cumber o£ saloons in Ven
tura and the women anticipated, favor
able action.. They were disappointed,
for after some lively talk ' for", both
aides the. board voted unanimously
against the petition. ' .. • .
Specjii Disp*tcli to Ttoe Can.
. XIARYSVILLE, Sept; .30.— The re
mains of the wife of Lem * Goon, a
wealthy Chinese,, who Is at present, in
Xew York, are on a slab in the morsna
and four Celestials- suspected of having
killed her are confined In the city
prison. The death of the woman Is the
result of' a plot to abduct her. She
was* given "knockout dsops" to ma.ka
the kidnapers* work easier and safer
and she died from the effects of the
Crag. Ofitcer Charles J. Becker arrived
at the woman's home on Kim street be
fore the .kidnapers, four In number,
could get their ylctlm Into the carriage
"they had in waiting: The men were,
scattered and the woman returned to
her home. ...'•• ¦'
Later the Chinese. woman' was. found
In a dying condition In the rear of th-a
Hop Sing Tong. building and-' the offi
cers commenced. a search for the men.
One was arrested In Whea"tland, where
be' had gone "in a buggy, another was
found in Yuba City, while two others
were found in hiding in the Hop -Sing
building. All the men are prominent
members, of the Hc£p Sins Tong, as ia
also Lem Goon, the murdered woman's
husband. ,;-;' •*"'.' ' •'.. .
. The case has caused ' great' excite
ment in the Chinese quarter,' and ¦ a.
tong wa.r is expected .to result..." ' .
Special Dispatch to Tt« Call.
Liberal purchases of packer hides and"
calfsiins have hardened, quotations
somewhat in the Western markets.
Failures this week numbered 223 "in
the United Stales against "226 last year,
and'eighleen in. Canada compared with
ten: a. year ago. .'•¦• " .
NEW YORK. Sept. 30.— Dun's weekly
review *of traxla. to-morrow ."will say:
The last quarter of' 1904 opens with
much . brighter, prospects ' -than pre
vailetd a year ago. \ At- that time 0 se'
curlties had fallen.an average of $34
a share froni the top price a year' pre
vious .and there was a general disposi-
tiontbcurtailmanufacturlng'and com
mercial, operations because of ' the
heavy looses. The nation was entering'
oj^ a period of conservatism, augment
ed by numerous labor controversies. At
the preesrit time there' are tio' alarming,
features;" Strikes' are few and unlni-
portarit while the Indications ot grow
ing confidence are numerous. "
•Business does not show the :h.esita-'
tion customary . during the closing
weeks of a Presidential campaign; and
the prospects ot profitable agricultural
results stimulate ', t-rade, especially
amQng 'retailers at trie ."West and the
Souih. Building operations are expand-'
ing, providing a better : demand for
lumber and. materials." .Clothing and
kindred lines .are stimulated by the
colder weather. -Manufacturing plants
are decreasing, the proportion of. idle
machinery. . • . . . "
Movements of wheat are heavy,, but
retarded . by- inadequate traffic fa'cili-'
ties, at some points."
Foreign commerce at. this por;t for*
the;last -week showed a small decrease
in exports and- a gain of $2,163,346 ia
imports compared with 19t)3. 'Securities
have risen $14 above the correspond
ing date' of -last year and money is
plentiful and easy. . " • • .'
Celestials Are
' Aroused l)y Crime andTong
War May B^ Precipitated
Eefjise Petition oj Temper
.'.ance Advocates. to Beduce
: . the Number .of iBarrooms
'The Rev. Mr, Hough and his wife
arrived' in the-cit'y last night. On Sun
day morning he* wJLli deliver his first
•sermon .to his new congregation.. "¦. \
• It la only flve.'years since Mr. Hough
gave up the practice of., law and his
Interest in pQlMcat-afCairs of the south
ern part . of the State, for the pulpit.
"When he relinquished his profession
he mighf have gained the high' politi
cal honors ' to .which he aspired. He is
recognized by^leadlntr ministers as one
of the young ¦ men ' In the
California conference: . \
in making the appointments during
the recent conference at Pacific Grove-
Bishop. .12 B. Wilson left . California
Street Methodist Church to be supplied
and the j indication was that he was
looking toward Mr. Hough as the man
suited for. the' conditions at the church
over which he will now preside.
Not one whit less popular - with
church, people- Is Mrs.' Hough, who sec
onds her husband. in all philanthropic,
movements and is also a tireless work
er in the Interest of the church.
liOARD ArtRAXGES FOR
THE" STUDY OF FRES'CH
It is "officially announced that Uie
Rev! Ge&rge' A. JJough* pastor of yinv
cent' Methodist-Episcopal -Church, Los
•Angelfes, has 'been a'ppoinfed pastor of
California Street ' Methodist 'Episcopal
"Church, San Francisco. • . ;""'£
'. ' The | first news of, the appointment
: was -made ' in The Call last Tuesday,
'and' in' view of -the popularity' of the
.young- clergyman" the' announcement
was^received .with much satisfaction by
members of .thi' Methodist denomina
tion/ i".-; . ;.- : ' ' . " ¦_• •;•* -J
ing Closing Weeks of Pres>
dential- Campaign Lacking
FA-YOR THE SALOO^^DEN
In the fall of 1SC6 there were about two
hundred houses in the town and the number
cf arrival* within the few months was then
estimated, at about three thousand. The fol
lowing winter wa« exceedingly severe, and It
was with great difficulty that the show, falten
to * depth of twenty to thirty feet, was .kept
from cru*htnK down the house*. When win
ter' e severity abated, immigration began
afreeh and the number of people comln« to
the catnD In the early part of 1SC7 was es
timated at about five thousand. Excitement
now attained Its topmost height. Town lots
advanced to several .thousand dollars each,
and common wooden ahanties rented for as
much as $200 a month. . Several sawmills were
started, and eupolled rough lumber at a price
vt $73 a thousand feet. Five hundred new
houw* were built, one of thews being a "City
But after all this, the Meadow Lake ores
refused to yield their (teld. The quartz con
tained «o much base metal that no processes
then known were wholly equal to the task ot
working the rock profitably — in fact, the dis
trict I* not s even y*et a willing contributor
to the world'* wealth. • The early prospector*
were believed' to have exaggerated the amount
of gold In the ore — just how much ia still a
disputed queatlon among those interested . ja
th« district.
Ths disappointment • of th« orospeftora was
lntonso. In a slncta season. th* ;ilare became
almost depopulated. ", ,A'.- few tenaciously re
taainod. Hartley being ont of these, lit spent
The Inyo Register, which has been
publishing a series of sketches of in
terest connected with the mining of
earlier days, has the following con
cerning the Meadow Lake excitement:
OLD MEADOW LAKE.
Another company will be, organized
to talce out the* coal that Is in the Herr
ranch lands in SIsklyou County, lying
between Yreka and Ager. The mines
have been flooded and heavier pump
ing machinery may be required to keep
out the water. ' ' " .
Operations "will b« pushed at the j
Short Handle mine,- which has Ijeenj
idle several years. It is near Placer-':
ville. l:^:rA ¦ ¦ -x* : V
Development work Is proRresslng at
the Mount Galpes,- Homestake and. Ex
chequer mines in Mariposa County.
• Development work on the Mammoth
group of copper mice's, near Kennett,
Shasta County, Is reported to be on a
large scale. ¦ yd
¦ The Haas mine at Junction City.
Trinity County, has been sold to J.
Elliott- ¦"
AY. M. Stover has bought the Unity
mine nt Mlr.ersville, Trinity County.
According to the Visalla Delta, about
GOOQ acrts of land have been leased by
Sherman Thomas and others in the
Yokchl Valley, about eight miles from
Exeter, In Tularo County, for mining
purposes. The lease Is for fifty years.,
The aim Is to develop talc, asbestos
and soapstone.
The Bakersfield Californian says .that
at the Summit placer' diggings, about
eight miles from Johannesburg, in Kern
County, a number of. claims have been
secured by Charles ' Teagle [ that have
been, proved to .be auriferous. A plant
will be established at a cost of 5*0,000.
Gravel will be worked. with concen
trators. . . . .,*•,::
Mining students at Stanford Univer
sity,-With "some others, .haxe tak-en a
bond, on mine- claims on Red Cap
Creek Jn Kern County, In what has
been named the Cbppernum. district.
Work has begun on the North Star
mine, adjoining "the Gold "Cllit piine,
near Angels. . . ]
The Mameluke mine : - El Dorado
County "will probably resume opera
tions this month. The mine ls'n.ear
Georgetown. • , •...'
The Confidence mine in Tuolumne
County will probably run" through the
winter.
The Hillside quartz mine; nenr Jack
sonville, has been -deecJ-ed by L B.
Marsh" of Nevada to Lou.ls HalL Rob
ert Marshall has sold his interest in the
Standard sold mine. .
According to the Grass 'Valley Union,
AUeghany promises to become the live
liest mining camp In Si°rr» County.
OX TILE 'QUARTZ HEDGES.
Size of buckets. 5 cubic feet: average speed
of buckets, 12 per minute:, a.verace bank
measure' per month. 46.032 cubic yards; average
hours r*r month, 23.S95; * cost of power -per
month, "*3.">» 93; average cost ot oil, grease and
sutrfries, f 13 29; average cost of repairs,
$1212 09; average office and general expense*.
J177 40; average d»rth of ground, 28 feet; -age
'of dT«5ee 3 years; average total cost of ojmx
atiTTS 4.SS cents per t'ubic yard.
•.ProViblr the best showing that, can be made
as to low costs is in another instance af Oro
ville. wh-re "a -monthly statement shows that
.VXj.TCO cuMc >*ards w-en» dredged, or an aver
age of 1082 ctibic yards for each working day,
at a "total cost, • with all expenses paid, of
X66 cents per cubic vard. The averr.sre.. yield
of tir? ercund per ruble yard was 1S.3
and the nft- profit for the month was $7744.
This w.".s done wrtb a flvtf-rooi contiauous
bucket dre«lffe.
' A. sl-nsle y»^>r. mklr.fr In about half of 1902
and half of 190S, eiiowtd i;hix>incnts Iroia- hfr«
of JV.."2S,000.
At that time th*r« itVt« nc4 as jn*nT
dredgers running, 'as there ar« Jiow. and of
course U la not presumed, that all of. the gold
¦was shipped by the express -company.
Durln* the month of June, 1WO4. a report
from one of th* arede*rs opfratlnc sout^i of
Orovill* showed thi«t the -rotal number of cubic
ya.^Js dur was 5S».22O: The averai- number of
yards for each day «as 1974. T*e <ire.}se
averaged twenty hours and eight •minull'S per
day of working UmV. The po.^f »'»«• ca
twenty-four tiQurs during the menth.
Th* cost- ef labor for the month -was $S2.V
¦while the -c<?st for rower was $725. .The cost
for water "w*s $75. Th'e total amount paid out
for l repairs and other incidentals was $175.
mukins a toial expense ef 51!<oa The averase
cost "of working a yard of earth was .032 c^nts.
. Th« loJlowing data' relative, -to. cosU of .a
drrdire operating atOrxivtfle are the averages
covering three years of work, and are taken
from the books of the -comi«ny:
. As thVre «r« now txrenty-flve dredi*rs .run
r!b|f here, takinx both side* of the river, .th«
output for' the next twelv« njonths m\r be
safely- nstima ted at not lesa than two anJ a
half si'lllcns..
Tha *renn«s of therround makej this Mnd
Ct rninlrij more certain and regular than any
other form of rold.workinc The .gold found is
spread almost evenly through th« gravels, and
varies but little day after day.
"IH this district e-«cb of the dredpera. can b»
«rtlmatcd «t $2000 r*r wwk. Tbis. too. for
the entire year. -iw> th»t th« output of * drrtjg*
ran b« staled at fifty-two time* $2000, or f 140.
000 a j*ar. : • . • .-
The money that the dredger miners
aro supposed to be making Is a favorite
theme with the papers printed near the
scenes, of operation. The Oroville Reg
ister publishes some"- estimates of the
cost of dredgtps for gold in the vicinity
of Orovtlle. it the figures are entirely
correct the shawinx is remarkable In
many respects, especially when the re
wards for success -are considered.
Anoss the statements that the Regis
ter makes are the lollowltiKi
• Thirteen new gold dredgers are' re
ported to have" been ordered for use
on the Yuba River in the interest of
the Hammon syndicate. The two larg
est gold dredgers that have been built
are operating on the 'bottom lands of
the Yuba near Marysvllle: The dredge
miners have the idea that at least 560,
000,000 In gold will be rescued from the
rirer .bed. A large electric plant \ylll
be constructed In the mountains to fur
nish power for-, the dredgers on the
Yuba. near Marysvllle and ' also for
those near Oroville. - '¦, .
WOMAN DIES FROM DOSE
NO: ALARMING FEATURES
Reverend. G. Hough
: :^Wi:ir Enter a y V
¦'"" -New: Field: • -
Bun Reports. Prospects . as
I Much ifore Favorable Tliari
in the Fall a Year .'Ago
Trustees of Yentura Pis
play Total Disregard for
: ;, Ladies and Their Bouquets
Chinese, Merchants. Wife Is
. Killed- by .^rug' Given to
Make ArJduction.^Easy Task
GOOD OUTLOOK
FOR BUSINESS
BLOSSOMS POOR
VOTE WINNERS
POPULAR PASTOR COMES FROM LOS
ANGELES TO FILL A CITY PULPIT
THIRTEEN NEW GOLD DREDGERS
TO OPERATE IN THE YUBA SAN D
River . Mining Is ; Reduced ..to . • the Lowest
. .Cost in Field; Lying Near by .Oroyille.
¦ V. Old - Properties Resuming .; Development
• In .addition, also, to the mineral spe
cimens, 'the registers and catalogues,
there 'are. .many models, maps, photo
graphs, diagrams illustrating the mod
ern practice of. mining, milling and
concentrating and the technology of
the .mineral industries exhaustively.
"More than 58,000 visitors- were in the
Mining Museum last.- year who'regis
tered. • Halfc as many more saw ' the
mineral speclments and did not .regis
ter! ..The Mining. Bureau maintains a
library that" is supplied with more than
ioo qurrent publications. A laboratory
is kept up for the purpose of identify
ing for the.prosp'ector the minerals that
he finds and telling him the' nature of
the rock walls or dykes that he may
encounter Jn his workings, in the
draughtlng-rpom Is a large collection
of State and county maps, and in
quiries about the geology or topogra
phy of if.e country are there an-'
swered. State Mineralogist Aubury has
devoted much time and thought to
making these various sources of infor
mation practical and accessible. Suc
cess has resulted largely.
Supplementary to the showcas.es and
the catalogues are county- registers,
each, ot which shows for some particu
lar county the Ideation of- mines, "the
highways, that lead to the mines, and
a' topographical map- is supplied with
each register. .' . . . •
Considering that gold is produced In
thirty-five California .counties out of
fifty-seven^ and -that there are 250 spe
cific minerals that- ha-ve been found in
California^ it is manifest that there is
.variety, As well as abundance, in the
collection that is spread" ouffgr the
benefit, of the public. The' mineral col
lections are attractive to sightseers.
They show' manufactures, miners, capi
talists and the general public, the. qual
ity and character of the 1 economic min
erals of. the State and. where- they are
to be found: " •' • .
Th era- .are now -more, than sixteen
thousand . 'specimens of the mineral
products of California in the museum
of the . State' Mining \ Bureau, . in" • the
ferry building af the' foot of Market
street, in this city. One of the. largest
free exhibition halls in the c.ounjry is
•well filled with, the cases that contain
these specimens, and the mineral show
has reached such size . that it cannot
find room in the hall, b.uf a part is in
the adjoining corr.idors. Here is- a per
manent exhibit of Californian creation
that ¦ Is -equipped .with" all possible
•'guides to assist the seeker for infor
mation of a definite sort Every, sam
ple is numbered, and descriptive cata
logues.are convenient for use in. which
every sample is described, the nura
"bers in the catalogues and those in the
cases corresponding. The list of mln-'
1 erals alone js so Ions that it has not
been found feasible to have it in 1 one
'volume. The additions to the museum
average inore than a .hundred a year.
One .volume of f the . catalogue, the
latest to be printed, contains descrip
tions of 2000 samp.les.. The others are
in accompanying volumes. ¦
The educa-tional val-ue of this may
be easily perceived. In the first place
the museum is open to the general
public every secular day In the year,
with -.the exception of legal holidays.
In the next place, attendants are pres- ;
eni to supply 'all possible information
to thos<* who seek to know anything
in addition- to vrhat they can learn by
an inspection of the 'samples in the
cases and elsevrhere. Recently a large
collection of "gold'and copper ores, the
contributions of Calaveras and Tuol
umne counties, has been placed at the
main entrance to .the 'exhibition . halt,
guarded from the light-fingered but in
•easy view of all .spectators. . •
the ijaxrxG sicseoi.
. ¦ The State Geologist of Indiana, has
prepared a report of the oil produc
tion of Indiana, which will interest the
/oil producers of California. The oil in
dustry is of .great importance to.Indi
ana. The output in 1903 was 9,177,725
bartels, the . average price for' whlcli
was Jl 14 a barrel, sp that the market
value- of .the- quantity, mentioned was
$10,476,369. .Petroleum in commercial
quantities was . produced in Jn'dl
ana first in 1S89,- when the product
was worth but $ia,881. -Gas and oil are
found in'. .-paying quantities only at
depths ranging from 500 feet to 1600
feet • ' ' : r^,:.
• The United! States" Geological Survey
reports the output of petroleum in'sev
eral States in 1903 as. follpws: Califor
nia, 24.3S2.472 barrels; "Qhlo, 20.480,286;
West Virginia, : 12,899,395; .'Pennsyl
vania, 31,355,156; New York, 1.162,9tS.
rKODUcriox op orrA
• Such was Mekdow'Lake,°ia its dsy a' scene
of."\vi!a -excitemfnt, to-day almost but -not
wholly abandoned. Its Dretentioug-City'Hatl.
Its crude smelter and numerous private. ¦build-
Ings, have alike lonr Blnce succumbed to -\tio
leveling Influence ot the mighty snowfalls " of
the hlsh Sierras. •• .- "
years tspeflmentinu' with, the ore, 'and died
abcut seven vears aeo without ever attaining
any notable success. ¦" ¦" .
DEATH FOILS
HEATHENS' PLOT
••• ; : THE "SK'X -ERAkcrSCQ 'C^kl -S A TUR0AY,^. OCTOBER 'l, TiM)4.
5
ADVER*nSE31KyTS.
raE LONDON
DIRECTORY
CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed commercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising traders
throughout the United States to keep
in close loach with the trade of the
Old Country. Besides being a com-
plete comr-ercial guide to London
and its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of:
EXPORT MERCHANTS
with the Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
snpply; *
STEAMSHIP LINES
arranged under the Ports to which
they 6ail. 2nd indicating the approxi-
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
of Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants, etc., in the princi-
pal provincial towns and industrial
centers of the United Kingdom.
A copy of the loos edition will be
forwarded, freight paid, on receipt of
Postofnce Order for $5.
ThcLondonDircctory
Co., Ltd.,
25 Abchurch Lone, London, E. C.
FREE-— — FREE-— ——FREE
TbBOGGAN ' : " ., — —
:¦— : — — -maple " '• • •••••
— -— — '• • • — SYRUP
# Made from Selected
VERMONT MAI LE SUGAR. =
A Can of this ¦ Incomparable
Syrup ' FREE jinth Want Ads.
in SUNDAYCALL. -s --V.
'See Announcement on Classified
•¦ ¦; ; -.;. ; Page. ;.
:_ _ _ _ A^Y^^y^j^^F??^ _, _ J •
SALE^W
M) Fireproof Chinaware * r (s»
" Jy ' ¦ ¦ FOB. BAKING, COOKING AND SERVING
if 20 Per Cent Discount to Introduce the New Imported "Brown Hfa/ > a.">\
¦If \ • This will not craze or crack if used according to direc-
if tions." On exhibition in our Fireproof China Cookinz Ware \k
¦ Department. Chicken dishes (like cut) in 4 sizes. Round Bak- \»
I . ing Dishes (like cut) in 5 sizes. Pudding dishes like cut^n-iA.!- ¦
m complete assortment of Egg Friers and all the various cook- ''" II
\ Nathan Dohrmaiffi^I
l^^!_ J MJMIIWIIWHIMIIIlllT^^ (i^jff
I^B THROUGH
|HI TOURIST SLEEPERS
FOR ST. LOUIS
DATES: j
SSPTEMBEE t8. 29. ¦ • V* |
OCTOBEB 3. 4. 5, 8. 19, 30, 38. 37. S
FROM SAN FRANCISCO: I
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m. with day- !|
lights ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado, |
over - Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via ' s
Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through |
trains to St. Louis.. A standard through sleeper to St.^.l
Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route. ||
All - the low' Special World's Fair Excursion Rates '-B
authorized from California points apply for these Bur- *||
I lington Excursions ; other Excursions on frequent * 5
dates to Chicago. • jj
General Aarent, W. 9. SAVBOXS. BoxUairtcm Ticket Ofice. S
631 IIABXIT ST. CXJBder P»l»c« Hotel). g
.¦,./. . . - , ' ¦¦ , . ¦"At any rate love In a cottage has no
janitor, to ; contend with. . - r ¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— OAKLAND. Sept.
30. — Marriage licenses were to-day Issued to
the following persoa*:; Samuel L. Benson, arred
4*, of. Reno. Nevada, .and. Ethel Dreeme Stew
art, . ajwd 29, ; of Berkeley; John S. Gentry,
over 21. and Martha Gentry,. over 18,' both of
Oakland.-' ;> • *-,•.. •
TO RECONSTRUCT CITY PRISON.— OAK-* I
LAND. Sept. 30. — The City Prison will be
reconstructed to rrovide quarters suitable for
women and for Juvenile Inmate's. The City'
Council Finance Committee has recommended
an approprUtlon.of {VOUO for the work.
WILL PAINT THE CITY HALL.—OAK
LAND. Sept- 30. — The City Council Commlt
¦ tee. on Ordinance and Judiciary *ias recom
mended passage of an ordinance directing tbe
•Board of Public Works 'to paint the City
Hall. , ' •
ALAMEDA. Sept. 3D.— The Alameda
Trustees to-night fixed the tax levy at
$1 38. 13 cents more than last year. No
salaries will be raised in any depart
ments of the government.
Alameda Taxes Levied.
- 'SHANGHAI— Arrived Sept 30— fitmr Cru'j
sader from Portland. Or. •
•- CHERBOURG — Arrived 8ept 30 — Stmr
Bluechcr. from New York, via Plymouth for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
Queenstown. ¦-.:• ¦ • v
• GENOX — Arrived Sept 30-*-Btmr Etruria,
from New York.. :
PLYMOUTH— Arrived S<pt 30— Stmr Grosser
Kerf urst, from New York, for Hamburr and
Bremen.- and proceeded. . • .-.-..
LIVERPOOL— Arrived £*pt 3o-r§tmr Winl
fre'lan. from Boston and Queenstown. '
QUEEXSTOWN— Balled Bept 80— Stmr Cym
ric, from -Liverpool, for Boston. " . -< !
MOVILLK — Sailed Sept 30 — Stmr .Parisian,
from Liverpool for Boston.
DOVER— Sailed Sept 30— Stmr Hamburg, for
New York. W*&&8mBym*aKIU£\
NEW YORK— Sailed • Sept 3ft-Stmr Ctl'tlc,
for Liverpool.. . " r
Arrived Stpt 30 — Stmr La Eavol*. from Liv
erpool; .Stmr Campania, from .Liverpool and
• SV :'-*v.-:-' l '-"j v'XKjMESTic'r^qKT^ i -.:¦ : ?fs
• J: XDEHDEEN^rrJveVl J iaept^SO-^Sctir^SiS
Duw;3'.«ntura.- K«-r.c#:.Hepf ; .-lTJ'. sthr- ..Wltiflow;':
frorri '.stair*. rWfq:v .'\-:.:V ;-.v:i •• ,•:; •--.',?> P.--&-J ¦'¦'•' •
' -i;COs«MOF.o:.I»?-V:'Atrlv««:v Sstpt'-.tSOpfSchrV-iRbV
t*orn*t »;:• hince'J- Kibt >'2t.' V ¦::¦,•¦•.¦>¦:¦.¦¦" :'i" : '--' v :?.".'.-- : ,'-' ; "--;.'.:
v->:nA i rTr,i^sa - i!»-i-;-?*r* : ' ; "^s«mr>;r^ipht.-ii:
tvr-;Kk'agM»:y:. : ; ¦:;¦.'.- ..', .':,-.:;:. .-v..-'.-'-.- ;¦;:;¦-¦ : ---'.---:v--::'--..<'.
¦•>':!V ICTQR1 A^Xf riy r j «« : f -t •! "0 r-P«-*} 01 * nfyyK I
Hill.-,'itrpra' TtlnUu, . •' -' .
• • eaileVli-a.e pt -••JO^rStmr" : QuechV for ."8ap : Frarii.
clsco. . ' • ' ..
¦ Pa«wed In ' Sept B(H^Oer stmr 'Nlcarla. hence
Sept- 24. for Comox. ¦ f .. "
. ' ' OCEAN STEAMEHS. • *
liATK ¦.-; rSilJWIXU?: IXTKtLIGElVGt::
v/OAKLAND,-: BfijSi I got nffi by
,his'v.iff \Uh <i <1 liar. James
'Aiidrev^ tu-<! ij ,* « !> .1 his--law
yer. Cu> Aitoinoj J. K. McElroy. to
contest; ythe:c : "Avtll/ i '(pfi;i»i»> 1
¦.«lec«8iseil;:-wif<?:* -. ;Mrs. - A nflrew's'. -.estate
is; valurri ul ub'»Ut .54:00: Shftj.be
¦fjueathe«l ¦ -S-00- ¦•• to'.- a ¦¦"niece..-..'. Bessie
?Hi^hings£and^J5^
'McLure;' In Ireland. To her ¦husband
she left 31. The remainder of her es
tate she -left to her niece, Annie Dunn.
1511 Park street, Alameda.
Mrs. Andrews met her husband
three years ago, he being. 65 years old
and she 63. He was a ranch -hand and
she lived in . Redwood Canyon. Their
marriage was not a success.
c.onicsiU;:, iris wifcts; ;>viii:
:',VQA-K*L,V.yi*. Sept. 30:— c;rntin»-J .<*
;trip.-;result- <>r hi? fjjSJtrr.tt-jj. . poll,'.
tViiim i'l^rk Cook' to-day announced'
:thlai^the^Gr^t^iu|gltter-^t^
would *-«vttsiJn the name** of S3if(J7
lyoteiiii^ias;; '&*& $*»??' '-¦ 2 '*•¦.?'? f
:two : ycarg"-as;o. : -.>.It-:ts:esp(>'(rted'':th > atyi-ev-.-':
#ral: ; ;^U!id>e4'^dupl^^
;.f6und : -:-in;-'the:-Vfcgistration
these^:^r^yr;now:'beinff/;Tempy
County •Clerk.' i»" t 'cpnfldent that even
with these duplicates '» left but the roll
will contain the names "of more than
33,000 voters. shows; an in
crease of 14 5 5?voterSl '/Alameda has
gained 3<0 arid Berkeley 1081. . . :
AlahiwlaCoiihty/Jlcglstrati^
President, Felton Taylor; secretary.
Dr. H. P. Travers; treasurer, ;C J..
Heefceman; dlrecjors. Felton Taylor,' C"
J. Heeseman.^F. \V. Frost, • JL-.vcai
Ev.ing. H.CL C«-p>vell. F.- J.-Bri gharri. ;
G. K. LukenVB-M. HaIl.Jr.iDr; W.i
Porter. W..B. Srandeford.:'Dr.: c H.:p."
Travers and.H. J: .Boyer/'.-Varney'-Wi :
Gasklll wai ielecteVl' col6nelVot;'th(e--inl!!^
lary branch "of the club..v{ ; .': : ";."/.-; iv
;ZThe; ';; I>ehi6cratic;/ ;Co^nt jr • 'fjent^^
'Committee is Having:-; tfouble/in^fliiing:
Its' ticket. P. J. Ryan has declined ths
nomination for the Assembly in the
Fiftieth District, saying that he wan
not a candidate. Jeremiah Burks was
nominated in hit? place. H. N.; Morse
was named for Supervisor In the
•Fourth District against HI D.'Rowe.
An executive committee was chosen. as
follows: A. F. St. Sure, J: P. Tormey,-
W: # E. Gibson, A. T. "MacDonough, Bi
F. Stetson, Clyde -Abbott.
BERKELEY; Sept." 3 0.— Mrs. Mary
Hardigan, the San Francisco woman
who took the trouble to come all the
way across ihe bay to throw rocks at
the house of her brother-in-law,
Charles .C-- Carter, thereby breaking all
the window^, ' .pleaded -^ -a
charge of-, rnalfcious..': mischief' -.this
morning in Just ice •.Edgar's.'ico.uft; • She
will • be.seritericed;. to-morrow. ' : ; ¦''¦'¦} '• v \-'\
Rock Tlirower Pleads Guilty.
BERKELEY, Sept.-30.— Eight thou
snnd people gathered -in the Greek
Theater at the University of California
to-night and watched the antics of a
thousand more or less sane beings like
themselves, called students, who "held
what they called "a flre rally." Far
down in the pit below this great crowd
was a writhing mass of the species call
ea "rooters." Every one of them had a
torch that sent ' out an unpleasant,
smdky smell, and they squatted around
a big fire in the middle or the pit. It
reminded the. spectators of the victims
in the pictures illustrative of Dante's
"Inferno." .'V*^'
While it may all have appeared like
Bedlam, it- was really a function with,
order and organization about it. A
committee,' consisting of. Eugene Hal
lett,-. Ernest > Vfllrher; \ Oliver Orrick,
••Bcrit:Campbel|j:Frahk'';Schum and'^O.
: J!-;An!offy- arranged /ihls/mOTt; weird ¦•'and'
!siic;ce8sful!of iall :tnes.e-VflreV'railIesV.V.' ¦•.
•.Xn the.-, .way. of... gowns the number of
¦.•.•wnart". creations was unusually large. Mrs.
¦"AY-:;E.\.'Cr»Il!n- Camilla • d'Arville was 'Mrs.
•Thomas' Crellln's guest .-and looked -har usual
charming" s«Jf. "in v a : - modish .black asd wnue
checked, dlk'-and: a TMg.'fclue -«*Mitaa hat. - ' * -
5 -Tnie.V-fown.' worn, by : Mlt>s.-£dlttt'. Adanu -at
tracted icojislderaKev attention.-'.. It: was" of t!»«
¦fgare«".':net: : thar.l»;s>j;p«p-alar.now~tUrk:.witl»
plfth--; flew«| t— n!ai> •: over>-. c» t\t»" ftOX: Hnir. *.
'It-:,was:in'i<!«^tn-:-»S«tnrr«-)\M.:fas"it0n.'-.«rtth .X>u
.sleJV»W:.'an<i:;:fun->klfn : Vef£. becoming' to-'- Mt«*>
;' A4sRi's ..•^rAnotaer/pretty.- BgqiyiS : net— White- and •
pink— was worn; b*fVMr».VDuVji e jpvxin9elL ; -v'.'= -
rr;:MlaiB:7r KI«* y % attenitr4wtb« "f, musScale •.-^witft
Mrs;: «siar :Xu«lr«. atvl -X>oth:-. %rer«: chartr.lncty
'r'n-vne-JrrMU*;- Kl*«y." ln v a;«Mte lac> . rct>» .' *n\
: '-«hltf>hUkl~«n-l?Vra.--:-.l^p|n*-tn'!a*-'cMK'''cowp'
•cf .. ds stel \ fplftk ':'¦ atujj.'i--: tUck'i tlilMM >at.'-;-. v
'^^I%cr«jiwt^raKsft'^t>daBr^|^tV:Kttia^|i»^:tt^.*r«*> i
cetvinff- party ' that'-' It ' did "cne * good jturt to
look at them. Among them were MLuea
Helen Dornln. Stvllla Haydcn. Lucretla Burn
ham, Kllse Cunningham. Kathleen Brown.
Anita Thomson, Lillian Isaacs, Mon« and Jane
Cullln, Flnrer.ee Hush. Ethel Johnson, Edna
I'rHther. and *t> many more that It Is simply
Impossible to remember. .What a lovely girl.
by. the way. Miss Prather Is growing- to be'
With her brown eyes and perfect Titian
hair. *he waa a picture to-day in ' a simple
gown of pearl gray crepe. /
Among those who enjoyed --The programme to
day were Mrs. J. J. Allen, Mrs. Cunningham.
Mrs. O*orge H. Wheatn. Mr«. Edson Ad
ams. Mrs. George 8. Wheaton, Mrs. Sather
Mrs. J. n. Scupham. Mrs. George Lackey
Mrt. Todd. Mrs. W. A. gchrock. Mrs. H. B.
M-hrmann, Mra. Frederick Morse. Mrs. William
R. Davis. MisH Apbla Vance. Mra. Heath.
Mrs. T. C. Coocan, Mrs. Standeford. Mrs.
CharU* Mau. Mrs. * Robert Fitzgerald, Mn.
James H, Pond. Mrs. W. L. Wheeler. Mrs.
•H. C. Caswell. Mr*. T.xL. Barker. Mrs. John
Yule. .Mrs. W. S. Palmer. Mrs. L. Tennant
Mrs. Charles Egbert. itias Winifred
Burdge. Mra." Bernard, Miller, Mra,
Sam Ureck. Miss Coralle - Salby. Mrs. C.
D. Bates. M'vs Ada Bates, Mrs." W. W
Crane.^klrs. Hctile.se4nger > Mrs. Charles Cush-
Injf. J*%. Her.ry ; Butters. Mrs. Everts, Mlsaes
A-ddto arid Carrie Gorrlll..the MlsnesDuan..
Mr9.,Mant«l» Mrs. Rowe. -- lfrs. - 8. - B. Cftee*.
OKKLXSV, S«ot. 30.— Everybody and tier
daughter were there to-day— at the Social
Settlement muslcale— and . In their gladdest
raiment- 8urely a more brilliant assemblage
was never satnered together In charity' »
name, and Miss Ethel Moore, who .has worked
¦o hard for the success of the affair, was
radiant w*en she began to realize that over
|200 would .be added to the settlement funds.
The programme, which has been published
several times, was quite, up to the general
expectation. Mr. I»t Sebastian, whose mu
nical voice was beard <n several selections,
la a handsome young Hawaiian who traces
hi* lineage through the royal family.
Miss Kisielnlcka's stnglng was dellghtf uL
In the sketch, "A West-' Point Regulation,"
MU» George Cope, was a charming. "Margery
Harrison" and one's sympathies were all with
the good-looking lieutenant. Heevea Baker.
Between th« two halves of the programme
there was an Interval of fifteen minutes, dur
ing which a delicious punch and the daintiest
little oaten cakes were served and the andl
ei.ee moved about, meeting friends and In
specting t>>e club room*. The mustcale wa»
tn every way a pleasing success and prom
ises to start a perfect avalanche cf Home
Club affairs. -. • • •
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
FIRE RAIXY PRO)'ES.
• • AN 'UNUSUAL. SUCCESS
CLUB AT HOME.
OAKLAND, Sept. 30. Bou*hd
hands and feet with bale roD'e, the
Tsody of Albert Anderson, 54 years, old,
.was found' this afternoon In a pond
¦near the Falmdale winery^ ..Irvlngton.
Anderso'n had committedsuicide In a
pool of water three feet deep. * He
tied his arms and legs together in a
peculiar way, as if to make assurance
doubly sure that he should not strug
gle in the water. Anderson slipknot
ted the rope about his legs and car
ried a looped knot about his hands,
drawing.it so tightly that the fasten
ings could not be removed without
cutting them. . He had: been rnissing
since yesterday morning, when he left
home, taking his shotgun, ostensibly
to go -hunting. '.; ; , ; ¦ ¦ ' .
. The Coroner ..will " hold ; an : . inquest;
W^t^ua^"]^^n^n&io;$cnnmit|^i';
;cide. was- -'a'; :my.stery.!tp.;his;-friends:;:He.
;-A;as c ' ma r.r.ied.Va : .; ;Iabor e r,- "-.'a.nd i a";, native
; r 6f;Pehrriarkv - : > : -V-*r":?v : ,:--r-" ;^'V :: "'-: : Vv. ? :'-*:-v" : "J"
Albert Anderson . Drowns Himself .in
Three Feet of \Vatcr, After Tak
• Ing Unusual Precautions." . N
BINDS. FKET AXD HANDS
TO 3IAKE SURE OF DEATH
The authors of the resolutions are
| \V. R. E1H*. W. J. Mortimer, M. P. ,W.
¦-Albee and Robert Balrd.
Wherea*. At a. regular meeting of the Berke-.
ley Real Estate Kxchange, held September 28.
it was unanimously (teclared that the members
heartily Indorse • the "present bond iseue as a"
whole. »---ll«-vlnr It to be for -the best interests
of our beautiful town, as shown by the re
markable growth of our ftister city, Lo« An
geles; and whtreas. it has been shown con^
cluslvely that cities of a like nature which
voted against bonds' for municipal- improve*
ments have not enjoy«Hl the prosperity of their
Bicie UD-t'j-date neighbors; therefore, be it
Resolved. That: it is the duty of *r*ry n:»rn
ber of thin exchange to u«<e his utmost en
deavor to secure the passage of the present
b</-.d i.«L\ie in ordtr mere crmly to secure for
the future the growth and prosperity that w e
have enjoyed !n the past, and to • make our
city foremost in the progress of the West
•The proposition* to -h,ond the= city for
needed improvements Is to receive the
backing of the real estate -men of
Berkeley- because-. they believe that it'
means advancement -and "' prosperity.
This support Is promised by. the Real
Estate Exchange, ari association of all
the leading real estate dealers in the
town, ac*3ng through a special com
mittee authorized- to dr,aw up resolu
tions. indorsiag the bonding scheme.
These resolutions,- which were promul
gated by the committee to-day, fol
low: ,'",-'¦
Berkeley . Office San. Francisco Call.
2148 'Center- Street, Sept: 30. •
. The Republicans.' of Oakland will open
their campaign o!3cially to-rnorrow
evening at the Dewey Theater. This
•will be the Urgest central, campaign
meeting of the season, and the loyal
Republicans. of the city are going to-do
honor to the names. of Roosevelt and
Fairbanks, and.'to the local rter>ublicaii
candidates, Jopefih R. KnowJand for
Congress; -John Mitchell and H. D.
•Ruwfc jfor.^uperyis*jrs; G. R. Lukens for
State SWStor; John "A. Bliss, Phil* M.
Walsh, J. J. Burke -dnd R. H. E. Es'pey
for Aesemblymen.- # * j . . : .-• \
The rot-eting will 'be called to. order
by Clarence Crowell, chairman" vof the
County Central' Comrr.itte'e. John- A.
Eritton. Regest of the L'nivernity -of
<Jalifornia, will* be tUe chairman.' Frank
H. Short of Fresno ivill make the prin
cipal address of t*he evenin-r, though all
the local candidates in the district will
speak briefly. -Joseph R. Knowland,
recently nominated to succet-d Victor
H. Metc%lf'in Congress, will tell the
Republicans v.hat he hopes will hap
pen, politically, in his native county.
There will also be short addresses by
State Senator G. R. Luker.s and the
candidates for the Assembly and Su
pervisors.
The Republican Alliance, now the
"oldest Republican marching: club in the
Stale, has reorganized for the cam
paign. The club has indorsed Roose
velt and Fairbanks, and Joseph R.
Krsov, land, and the following officers
have. been c-Ucted for the campaign:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. ' 1016 Broadway, Sepj.. 30.
Mrs. Geonte Dom!n. Mrs. S. C. Cbamberlaln.
A goodly sum was annexed by Mrs. Gecrge
Percy— for the setlement fund also^-who sold"
a »lece of Martha Washington cake and the
recipe for the same for ten cents. TTtte recipe,
as well aa belnx a gocd one, was Interesting
from the fact that It could boast a history.
Its lineage is thus described on each racipe:
"Given by Mrs. Martha Washington to Mrs."
Stephen Van Rensslaer. who gave -It to the
grandmother of Mrs. Lansing, who «rave It to
Mrs. Davenport, who gav« it to Mra. Percy,
who gives it to the Oakland Social Settle
ment."-
Mrs. Percy was appropriately (owned In co
lonial fashion, even' to a very becotninr whit*
wig.
The Saturday Nijht Club win open tta aea>
ton of dancinc to-mcrrow evennig at Mapl-
Hall. The club has divided Us season lnv>
two terms or four dances each,, and th»
arrangements for the first four are all com
plete. They will be held October 1. October
20. November 2S and December CO.
The patronesses of the crab are Mrs. Sara
E. Reamer. Mrs. J. F. Cbllom. Mr*. R. S.
Cheek. MUs Grac» M. FUher. Mrst C J
"Waterhouse and Mrs. J. A.- Frost.
The officers are: Oorg« C. Hill, presi
dent: Miss A!ice R. Berry, vice prenUJenf
Miss France* M. Sanbora. secretary- Herbert
L.. Bre«d. treasurer: Roy B. Baker, floor man
ager. The committees are: Invitation. David
D Ollphant Jr.. chairman: Miss Alice- R
Berry. Miss Dora Jacob*. Miss Abb!* OJI
phant. Miss Alic« Mould. William Hawley
and Roy B. Baker: arranrwnent, EHta e.
Wood, chairman: Miss Nancy Collo-a. Louis
Giambcni and Herbert *L. Breed.
Mr. and Mra. \Ond«ll C. Thotr.aa har* re
turned from « trip Ea«t.
PXAXS FOR NEW FUJaUC SCHOOLS —
OAKLAND. Sept. 30. — Competitive plans for
new public school buildings wer« filed to-day
wtth the 'Board of Education by the following
architects: T. D. Xewaoan, C. EL S""ta.w at
San Francisco. H. F. Starbuck of Lone IVacn.
Weeks tc. Arnold of Oakland aad C. A. Smith
of Kansas City. Mo. Plans were also fired
by anonymous competitors. This w*» the U-n
day for submission of drawings. ' - ;:;••-
IDENTIFIED AS A BVRCX+AR.— OA K
LAXD. gept. 30.— George Loftus. a house
breaker who wa* captured while fleeing from
the residence of Louis Madsen. 1S3 . Seventh
street, was identified to-day as th« burglar
who broke Into L. Belrosa'a residence. 057
Thirty-seventh street. Tuesday* and stole »l 5o.
The police cannot Indue* Loftus to talk about
himself.
Indorse, by JResolutionss the
Scheme to .Baise * 'Money
. for llany Improvements
Oakland Republicans Are
to Celebrate* With Many
Candidates as Speakers
. We are now confronUnsf-a crisis wl.th regard
to operation . o'i our municipal <le«tr'c
plan*. The machinery often, carries -a load very
clc!'." to the danger point.. Between midnight
and daylight th*; • light cost* twice -as much
as we obtain tor it. I do. not see a. chance of
buying new "machinery for the plant .for a
year or- more, and we are face .to; face with
the burinees proposition of purchasing some
power from -outside In my opinion It
is imperative that we buy 'tome current for a
time at least. We can purchase at a three cent
rate at a minimum of $2CO a month, and It
will coat us about (4000 to put In the* connec
tions needed. It would cost us ?21,000 to pro
cure, the additional machinery that should be
In the Dlant. • ?
ALAMEDA. Sept. 30. — £Mty Trustee
William M. Rowers -believes that the
city sh'ould purchase some electric
power from,dutside sources because of
the danger of overtaxing the ma
chinery of the municipal plant, which
is now being operate.d tw.ehty-four
hours a day and to its full capacity.
He asserts that there will be no. money
available for nearly two years to pur
chase and install necessary, additional
equipment for the plant and that if it
Is run steadily in its present condition
there is liable to be a breakdown that
wiir leave the <:ity- in darkness for an
indefinite period. In giving his..vie;W8
at a meeting .of the City Trustees to
night. Bowers said: •' •
Alameda- Trrtstee '.Declares That No
Money Is Available to Enlnrge
* ' ! Municipal Electric Plant.' :
BOWERS SAYS CITY ; ..." ,
• / MUST BUY CURRENT
REAL ESTATE
MEN FOR BONDS
GRAND OPENING
OF CAMPAIGN
MIES EDWAP.DA HOWAHD AND 1I.UIX D/LnTELS • TWO OK THE UNIVERSITY
OF CALIFORNIA STCDENTS WHO HAVE BEEN SEL-ECTED BT BEN GREET
'.*: . TO ASSIsT IN THE PRESENTATION O** "HAMLET." •• • . • *
BERKELEY, Sept. 30.— A check for
$.108,000 wa.s received, yesterday as .the
:first Installment qt the given
for a new Iibrary7;"5uildtng by the late
Charles F. Do'e,'! the millionaire lum
berman,, and the way has thus i>een
paved at last for the Jiandsome struc-'
ture' to take the place of- the old and
Inadequate : ong. at the University of
California." Preliminary*, plans have
already been drawn by John Galen
: Howard; supervisfng arcKitect for the
university, 'and actual work will begin
some time 'in the spring. The -plans
call for -a. building of Raymondjg'ran
ile, the same material as? Is now
put into*. the Hearst mining building
and California Hall. The new library
will occupy the slope west "of Soath
Hall. • Its, structure and position will
be such as to permit additions in- case,
'•tliey are needed 1 lat-er. .. •
There will be enough room for the
100,000 '. volumes' now • in the library
and jnany -more. Besides the aceomr
modations for books - there will be
seminary rooms, "storerooms and rooms
for the several departments 'of library
wcrk."
Doe Estate— Work Soon to Begin
on IIIincLsomc Structure.
University Ret-eives . $108,000 From
¦GETS FIRST INSTALLMENT .
. FOK NEW LIBRARY BUILDING
.BERKELEY, Sept.- 30.— The 4 .honor of
assisting Ben Greet's. company of play
ers in the presentation of "Hamlet" at
the University of California- to-morrow
has been conferred upon a .number of
st"u'dents* # of the University of -California
•Vith 'histrionic talents. ' In 'retaining
students for these p'arts Ben Greet, the
•manager of the cjorhpany, Has paid a
flattering- compliment to the college
Thespians. The students -who will take
• the more important .parts are Miss
fidwarda Howard -04, Marx-.D.aniels '05,
A. C Keane '05, .'Miss PoFtla •Acker
map '6a; ' '.Harry . Gutterson" '05 and
Hacry Cheney" '05.
Miss Howard will act the "Player
Queen", and A. C. Keane the "Player
King" in. the sub-play of the plot. -."'
¦ The' p.ale of seats- is already ,very
larg<3 more than $1100 having been
take.n .in durfng the three days' sale.
Of ithe. .income-' a liberal percentage will
•go to the' musical a-nd dramatic -fund of
the university, 'part .of whiclj will be
expended, on" -much-needed' -improve
ments in the theater.- •*' .
* ' • : : , . - /
- .To save -her baby from being crushed
_tp death by an electric car' this even
ing at .Broadway- and Thirteenth
street, Mrs. George A. Keyes, wife of
George Keyes, a barber at 1225 Broad
way, risked li'fje by jumping In
front of -.the moving car and grabbing
•the . little >'pne Just' as the j car r struck
.both mother-, and child. Still retaining
her. presencej)f. mind Mrs. Keyes threw
•herself.beiweVn'the car fender and the
infant, 'and'the batfy escaped all Injury.
Mrs. Keyes was knocked senseless by
the "impact and- suffered severely from
the shock", "bruises' and lacerations.
. Mrs. Keyes had been standing at Ihe
street . crossing when the baby -'sud
denlydarted from •¦ her. side into the
street^ Westboqrid . Alameda • electric
car No. '133 was approaching .the cross
ing,'and the child was within a foot of
'the vehicle when the mother saw its
peril.-. .With a cry Mr?'. Keyes sprang 1
to the' rescue. She. snatched the .little
wanderer away* barely In time to save
U, but not sopn enough to prevent be
ing struck herself. '• • '
The senseless' mother and her baby
.were taken" to a drug store and thence
were sent to their home at the Central
Hotel, 616 Twelfth street. Mrs. . Keyes
was, furnished prompt ; medical atten
tion. Her condition', while serious from
the s'hock, is not expected to resist
treatment.*- • • : '- • .*
'(Oakland.^Office San SYanTcisia^cill^
•Ji& 1016 Broadway, Sept. 30-* j
She .Is . Knocked Senseless
; and Is Seriously Jnju^ei3[|
but • She Succeeds - in( Car-;
ryiigi Out Jjferl;^ritosie
'Mrs. 'Lawrence was' Miss Laura I.
Brow.n of San-Francisco when she wed
ded the young- capitalist several years
a?o. She Is a lars?. attractive woman,
physically the equal of her spouse. Her
husband W said to enjoy a large in
come f rcm . his s'hare of his father's
estate. In his own right Lawrence
holds title to a ranch near Jackson's
Soda Springs in Napa County. 4000
acres of land in Kern County, realty in
San Francisco and In Oakland.
For some time Lawrence resided in
New York City, where he flocked
with the smart set albng the boule
vards. Two years ago the couple came
to Oakiand and established their home
at the Piedmont avenue residence,
where last night's fracas occurred.
This* episode' .follows- very closely
upon a reconciliation; that the' Law
-rences had -effected, after" Mrs. Law-,
rence, last July; had sued her husband
for a divorce, charging him with vari
ous sorts of cruelty. At the . time.
Mrs. La\*rrence« procured * an order of.
court which tied ,up air of.' Lawrence's
property that could be located, includ
ing a large amount of money in the
banks'- of Oakland and Sah * Francisco.
The suit; for divorce was not pressed..
Although It has. not been dismissed,.
Mrs. I^awrence made namove. Shortly
after she filed th? complaint, Law
rence.'it is said, made promise* tc >r
good and was received again into the
bosom of his family. There is a baby,
five or six'manths old.
It was off to V jail with Capitalist
Lawrence, despite protests.' ;Mrs. Law
rence was insistent. She declared she
could no longer bear with her .hus
band, that his abusive language had
been coupled with use of hls'flsts and
she would not ' tolerate such conduct.
Hubby, however, was e?postulant with
denials. He admitted that there had
been a fuss, but only such a disturb
ance as jars the domestic serenity of
many a family. Still, in an odd mo
ment, Lawrence displayed* a cut on his
wrist . and a lump on his forehead,
which! he avowed. w,ere inflicted by;
Mrs. "Lawre*no* with. a knife and a piece
of china that was sent hurtling at his
head. . - - T -" - f
'George K. Lawrence, capitalist,. man
about town, and the son of a. pioneer
contractor of. S^n Francisco, was ar
rested at 2:30 o'clock this morning'- at
his residence,' 3^55 Piedmont avenue, on
complaint of his wife. Mrs. Laura. I;
Lawrence, who summoned' the police
and -declared that she had been bru
tally beaten by her spouse. 'Lawrence
was carte* off to the city prison, but
later furnished* $30 bail for his appear
ance this morning In the Police -Court.
ilrs. Lawrence, failed to appear at
court to swear to a complaint against
her husband, and .the case was .con
tinued a day. " .-;<:¦
There were ructions at the Lawrence
residence last 'night. If the testimony
of Policeman John Cockerton is to be
credited, and he was there responsive'
td a telephone call for help. The lares
and . penates had been hurled appar
ently from their pedestals and all was
confusion, with a weeping eaCcited
woman and an" equally overwrought
man '" as persons in a little domestic
drama.
Oakland Office San Francisco- Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 30.
bra\\e Woman has
mACULOTJS ESCAPE
""I aught to stand' at your right while
¦rtfr do this, llartha," said the old man,
bent with his weight of three score
and ten years, as he and his aged bride
stood before the Justice.
"Yea. John," responded the beaming
old lady, "I guess you haven't for
gotten how it is done. You've been
married before, you know."
• Romance to delight the souls of the
sentimental and bring a bit of mist to
the eyes of "all .lovers, youthful or aged,
is found -in the. history of this old
c'ouple." They met by accident on a
ferryboat several months ago, not hiv
ing: seen each other for more than a
quarter of a rentury. Then and there
•they agreed to kiss and makeup. Mr.
Gentry lived in this city with a mar
ried daughter, Mrs. Catherine Carpen
ter; and.- Mrs. Gentry had- a home of
her own at 1122' Twenty-third avenue.
Recently the married daughter moved*
her chattels to a boarding-house, thus
depriving the aged man of his home.
The former wife of Mr. Gentry took
him in at that time, and after a few
weeks, in which 'the old people- agreed
to forget the animosities of the past
}}wl again -begin life -as husband and
w|fe; the -C0unfy Clerk's office was
sought and a marriage license pro
cured.
¦ ..Mr. and Mrs. : Gentry were married'
on October 12/ .1S54. They had been
playmates in childhood in .Kentucky,
but when, the girl came to California
with, her family in. 1849 Gentry thought
a childhood romance was ,at- an end.
In a few years, however, she returned
and at the. age of 17 was married to
her prei*ent husband. Eight years they
lived together, children were born and
.a happy home was the outcome of the
match, but when the Civil War 'came
husband and- wife were ranged ori op
posite sides of the conflict.
'Her sympathies were, with the North,
his with the Southland in a fit of tern-,
per following a discussion . of the
slav'ery issue Gentry "left home and
w.ent'-to the war, joining the Confed
erate forces. He did' not return, even
-when the war had closed. Mrs. Gen
try, .believing that he -had been killed
or* had deserted her, obtained a divorce
in. 1874. She came to California with
¦her children, one of whom married, a
!!?. Carpenter. The other is an en
gineer employed by the Standard Oil
Company in San Ffancisco, and living
at 512 Sixth street in this city. • : 1 ;
Mr. Gentry., too,' came to California.
He says- he built the first house con
structed in' the Yosemite.- He resided
with his daughter here. His former
wife was in the" same city, but they
did not .come together again until their
accidental meeting on the ferryboat.
"We are Christians now," said the
aged, lady to-day, "and we thought It
fit. that the past be buried and that we
live together again as husband and
wife, it is better that way." . •
Separated in 186? when Civil War
issues -.rent; more than one home, and
divorced ten years after the war, John
and Martha Gentry were rejnarried to
day, both* being: so old and feeble that
it .was '.with -difficulty -they carried out
the- forms . required: by law; Justice of
the Peace; Geary performed the cere
niony;- 1 Jlrs.iGentry giffned the County
Clerk's roll for. her husband. His hand
shook so .that . he could not write his
rianiel" : - • ~. ;•¦_ *• ;¦¦_¦,;
• Oakland ¦ Office Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway,- Sept. 30.
Unique Kemance in Belated
Wedding, of the Gentrys,
Divorced Jor '^Tany Years
Policeman Answers Jiid
• night Alarm and Finds
Evidence of a Ruction
Holcornb Land Company (Heron. Holcorr.b
Company) to George C'omper. "lot at Intersec
tion of K line of Broadway with N line of
put 10. S 107.12. E ltSJ«. W 1T82 and W
172-90 to beifinninjr. being lots 14 ar.d 18, map
plat 10, portion Hitchcock Tract. Oakland; »i<-.
William J. and Florence Davison to August
W_ Menke (sln-fie). lot on B line of Uaden
street. 225 S of Thirty-»*jon<J, S 25 by £ 125.
lot 41. block 670. Glaaoock Tract. OeJclAnd": $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to J. I* GroxUdier. lot
15 and S 3O- fe«t of lot K bloek. X>, map
Alpine Tract. Oakland. deM and ajrxWmeat;
$10. '•*-• ¦ :-
Joseph T. and Paalena Hindi (wl?«) to
James McOurn. lot ca N llao of Thirrjr-thlrd
afreet. . 100 E of Wert. B 88 by N LOO. beis*
portion of lots 1, 2 aad 24. 'block E. property
Central Land Company. tonnorly. Brown
Tract. Oakland: J1O. - - . .
. Ernest L. and Mary J.' Ransom* Or Barnard
Ransome. atton>ejr> to Axal VTmblMtram. lot
on'NE- line of East Elrhta «tre«t; 125 NW et
Fonrth avenue, NW 25 by OT5 129. lot 13,
block 5, map resuMivision blocks 4 aad S.
Clinton. "Ea»f Oakland-; $3. ' •
Rose and M. H Kllboarn to EKlott H'sje
baush. lot on NX line of Bast E2-veara itmt,
75 N"VV of Eighth avenue, NW 75 by Ml n,
block 33. Clinton. East Oakland: 910. ' '
John T. and Annie Maoey (wife) to Anrsst
J. Garick. undlWJed one-hail Interest la lot
on W line of Mi: via street. 200 S of Boalce.
W 135 by S 40. portion lot 4. bloek IS. prop*
erty ifvrkeley Villa Association.' Berkeley; 410.
Berkeley .Development Corouaay to C C
Toons-, lots 17 to 20. block F. lot IS. block B.
lots 31 and 34 biocX 'C. iiopklna terrace ma?
2. Berkeley; Sia t*.J^?, *
Ernest and Crtstlna or Christina Taock (wtf«)
to Cattarina Kommerob. H Vtam ot St. ChMitn
street 100 S of Eagle avenoe, . S S3 by
E ;i5:9H. lot 15 block H. Taylor and Pas»
tract. Alameda: 910. \
A. J. and May Barton (wlf«> to Jofca H. .
Delehanty. lots 44 aAd 47 block D. Broadway
terrace tract. Oakland; $10.
George Sleble (slcgle) to Carollsa Llsfcer
(wife of A. A.). lot on.W lln* of JtSenoa
street.. 50 S of Ninth. 8 60. W 1T5 X 30. E 13.
N 20. E 1U0. lots 17. 18 and portion of lots 11
to 14, block 02. KelleraSerger*s «-iap r^n^ryy
$10.
George Wcvodford (slnzie) to Lena. Cnrlaten
ten (wife of Andrew). S W line oX East Tanth
street and Twenty-second avenue. S 100 by W
75. lots 17 to 19 block D. Knowles aad Pot
ter subdivisloa Kennedy tract. Cast Oakland;
¦ M. R. Hanna"<sins;!e> to Thotaa* E. Car
penter.- lot on NE line of East Tw«st!»ch
street. 122:75 NW of' Sixteenth ave&ae SE
122:75. NE 140. ?TW 85:30. SW 142:63. portion
lying: SW of -alley in f racUonal block. SI CUa
ton. East Oakland; f 10 « ' *
Thomas E. Carpenter (slsrie) to Caroline
Llsker (»-lfe of A. A.), same, **a«T Oakland;
John H. Delehanty to A. J. Barton lot on
S line of Tompkias street, 120E oftowelL E
.40 by S 165. lot 4 bl&tk 23.- map Srnith'a sub-"
dtviaion of part of Matthew's Tract.. Berks! «y;
Sam« to 'same, lot on NTV corner Butter ¦
worth and Lowell; W 25 by N 135. lot 14 block
25. map resubdivlalon of Smith's subdivision
of Matthew's Tract. Berkeley; S10. •
Julia N". Pennoyer (widow) by Albert A.
Pennoyer (attorney) to Oakland and East Side-
Railroad Company, strip 15 feet wide lying
W nt and contiffuons to rirfct of way of sec>
ond party hereto, herein described at .07* of
an acre. . beginning at • a point on S lfti*. of
Dwlgnt way. distant NE 1573.59 from -E Itr.e
of San Pablo avenue, thenc* K alone; S nne
of Dwight way. NE 15.75 to "W line of right
of way of second party herein, thence SEi
222.42, SW 13.5, NW to -beginning. Berkeley;
?l'>- . 4
" Th* Realty Syndicate to E. Q. and E. S.
Turner »wife>. I..t-t 11 aad 12 block. 15. McGe»
Tract, portion plot 67. etc., Berkeley, deed ani
agreement : 910. .- . .
. Pug«t Sound Lwabtr Company to Martin
Jccst. lot on N line of Enclnal avenoe (since
wrdened to 80 feet), 100 W of Walnut. "W 10O
by N "140, lots 6 and 7 on E 4 block E (less
.•trip \'j feet -wide on S line for wlde&lns; En
cical avenue) lands adjacent to Enclnal. Ala
meda; $10. . . .. -.*.;-
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 30.
REAL. ESTATE TRA-VS ACTION 3.
I.S QUICKLY RELEASED
Mrs. George A. Keyes Throws
--Herself in ; Front of a
¦^api^y^iroying Car, , to
Ber Infant' Child
iTAERY A SECOND TIME
Aged Couple, Separated More"
Than Forty "Years, Kiss
' and Forget Ancient Feud
Capitalist Lawrence's Wife
Causes His Arrest After
i Strenuous Encounter
SAVES BABE
FROM DEATH
ON TRACK
GROOM TOTTERS
TO MEET BRIDE
WEALTHY MAN
GOES TO JAIL
NEWS OF THE COUNT Y OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /SATURDAY; OCTOBER 1, 1904. '
University' 's'\ l Thespians Warned for Speaking Ttfltes in
: To*Z>ay's Performance at Greek Theater^.,
STUDENT PLAYERS TO AID
BEN GREET IN "HAMLET"
6
FREE-I FREE; FREE i
TOBOGGAN ' r .,-
MAPLE *",•¦•••*'••-• ¦
' SYRUP
Made' from Selected
; VERMONT MAPLE SUGAR.V
A Can of this Incomparable
Syrup FREE vr.ih Want Ads. ;
; • - ta SUNIMY CALL. ' i
See" r Announcerhent on Classified
¦ . .;¦'. Page/- '.
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
$ .
Aching -Teeth
Delay Business »
As a matter of fact. howev«r t teeth
never ache — It U> tha nerve*. Never
mind, call it what you like, we csuTcura
It. ¦ We win save the achers If possible
That i*. If you wish. Or will extraet
them without pain. Fine dental work
for little money. - - . .
Gold riniar*. . SI. 00 Silver *PtIllnr» 50a
dold Crowns.. S3.00;Porc«Uata Crowa*..»
Post-Graduate Dental College,
3 tatxos st^ &ur nuurczsco.
973 WaaUngtoa MU OaiUad. ' }
San Jot*. •.. -. . *f m y>, mummiixc. I
BRANCH OFFICES •'•.
OF THE CALL IN;
. ALAMEDA COUNTY
• ' . OAKLAND. ' * '¦: ';'
'. - 1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083. .-
BERKELEY. "'*¦'
2148 Center Street.
Telephone >'orU» 77, ' •• '
¦ALAMEDA. '•.'.'
1435 Park Street. • •
. Telepiioue Alameda 53*.
ADVEIITlStaiEXTS.
¦ "I hsra tised J^ar -ra'.r.abl^- C»»r«ret« and find
thr-rn perfect. CouirJn't do wlthoct tbeia. I h»T«
s*ed them for *otne tin* for Indirection and t:l-
io&SDess and am bow eompletclx eared. Kecom*
•send them to everyone. Occe tried, you will
Eerer be without Ui*»m m the lamliy."
.. , - . Edward A. Marx. AlbanT.N.T.
#y wf JSr The Bowels
CANOYCATMA^nC
Pleaiant. IV. stable. Potent. Ta$t* Good. Do Oood,
a»ver Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. l»c. *Sc. 66c. Korer
• old in bolk. The cennine tablet damped CCC.
Osara-:t««d to core or t°*i money back. .
Sterling Remedy Co.,'Chic»co or N.Y. . fiot
AKMUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXESMolcnirnts of Steamers.
The Ti!n& B9JI on. the tower of . the Fe.rry
buildrn^ was dro.pped exactly at noon t<J-da>v — •
.1." *.,-.'"at. no.on of the 120th ¦meria"ian|' or at
S-iP. m. Greenwich tirce. ' • - '•
".••¦"." • J. ' C •burnett; •'
" '. :' .Lieutenant. V..S. N\. In chaj-ge,.
Time" Ball.
Branch H.ydrcgraphic 'Office, U. S. N.; Mer
• ' rtiahts'- £xchange ( .'Satt' Francisco,." Call.
. • Sept. $0. :••
the charts: .Tlie'-plane nf reference Is the mean
of the lo*er "low. waters. . • • ' • .
; The Pere Marqsette has fitted tip
lynch counters* running the length of
bisgafee -cars for the ;^c*ommodatlon of
*txc.urEion -crowds out oi Cklcago.
I * SATURDAY. OCTOBER 1.
j" Sun rfses. ........-..' •','-•'•• '**{*
1 Sun' ftts •'•• • • • •» "V - B:^°
! Mooirjilsea , 10:40 p. m.
t e~VTime] " ITlmel •JTlmeJ iTlme •
! S- u | Ft. ! \ Ft. Ft..} Ft.
!.? 1U -tyl |L'-W H W " |L WL "
1 •! 4 "40! 3.01 9*:30 SS 3:32^ 5.0110:40 0.(5
" I S : 43 4-0 10:47 3.0 4:SS -4.8 ll.:4£ 0.5
3 6""52 . 4.2 12:04] 2.9 5:51 1.8
!. , 11/ W|- H JVi . L W " (H.W ..
I 4 I [0:4-1 ' 0.4 7:46 4.B 1:10 * 2.C| 7:C5 4.9
5 1*42 0.4 8:34, 4.9 2:10| 2.0 8:15 "5.1
i « I 2:45! 04 '»:11\ S,J 3:00' .1.4 9:is| 5.3
1 ~\OTE In the above exposition of . the tides
[ the early morning tides are given In the. left
hand column and the successive tides of the
*day In the order of occurrence. *as to time: the
! fourth time column 'gives the .last tide of the
! jUy. except when there are but. three titles, as
'. sometimes occurs. The heights ' given are In
addition to the windings of the United State*
C*»*t Survey Chart*, except when, a minus ( — )
I olgn precedes tbe height,; and th>n the number
kl ven U subtracted from tbe deptk given bv
I United States Ccast and Geodetic- Survey —
I Time and Height o£ lllgh and Low Waters
•. at Fort Point, entrance to San Fnlnclsco
Bay. Published by official -authority of the
Superintendent.-
NOTE — The high and Jow water* occur. at
• the city front fMission-street wharf) about -5
\ minute* later than at Fort Point; the height
3f tide is the same: a't both places.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
: NEW. yqr.K. SepL 30. — The entire
•hiintinsr es'ra"j!*:Phme!it of Foxhalt'P.
Keeiic' hce'been -sold .here at public
auction. Th<v consignment consisted
oC- nineteen bfcnters. Including thor
oughbreds, bred, by \ James R. Keene
r:t. "eaytleRri Htud, Ky.J and the Ifjsh
[hxmttin which the younger air. Keene
cf.'llected- rind.bro.ugrht- to this country
tv.d.y.earsago. in "addition to thefe*. two
-IiftcUs of hoands. bought- in. England,
¦wc-r^"sorld.; The bf ous-ftt represe.n
-Vajilv'es not only from"alt Jhe hiintijig
¦icrtbzTiea'.oi : th4s : 'country, but froro Eng
¦ land, "and. Ire-land, as. well.* j TheT fi.ve
y.rar-oTd .^roff'n gelding," Prophet, ; by
ilGroscope T Royjil-?Cun; was sold to' the
'ag'eot tif Captain. •Jtathews of the.Roj>al
•Ij^-icester^hire Regiment,. Byrr, Ireland,
for 000.--. The famous mare, Becky
•Sharp*?.- I wars UougTifr.by 'Ro^er- Wih
throp.-for the'.safhe figurx'.-'The hounds
•ft ere .gold to.Jamesi Hyde for J 6150. m
Krone Jlcntns and-Ilbunds Sold.
. : . arrived.
... ' -Friday. September 30.
• Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, :15. hours froni Men
docino.'.' • '' • ' '
Stiur James S. Hlggins, Higgins, "38 hours
from- San Pedro. • ¦ ...
Stmr Cocs Bay, J.chnson," 63 hours from San
•P.edro, efe. . •• •' ¦ '.
' Stror F. A. Kllburn. Thompson." 7 hours frtom
Port- Ro<!j|exs. -•
fc'tmr Westport, Smith. \S hours from'W>st
port. . .-.¦-¦¦..
Stnir National City, Hammar. 24 hours from.
Fort Bragg, with barge Tidal Wave in tow.
Schr • William Olsen, Rorvik, 11 days from
Everett. -. . •
Schf Onward, Anderson, 4% day« front Ban-'
I don. • • - •
| >"Schr Jennie -Griffla, GIBson. 3 hours-- from
' BoMflas. .•• - • . ',•••, i
I • Bjarge Tidal. Wave, Johnson." Si hours from '
Fort Crajr, . in -'tow* of. stnfr "National City. -
" * SAILER. . ' ' * . •
- . • •,*? Friday, September .30." '
'•Stmr F. A. ft Uburn, Thompson. Port Hods- I
«rs. • , • * • • .- .
'."ptmr Maggie, Eagles, Half moon Bay! " •'¦.•i
Stmr E,ureka, . Jeesen, Eureka. ' .'¦ :j
Stmr Qualala. Kalnln, Del mar Landing.-, '"i
t Stmr Wl}ittier. Dickson, Redondo. . ' '
Stmr San Mateo, .Ross, Tacoma. ' '. • ' ;
•' Stmr ; Newport. Cornine. • Halfmooa. Bay.: ,• '•
Stmr Sequ«Ia,- McClemerfts, WiUapa Harbor '
- Stmr Gipsy, Leland,* Sant'a Crux..
"¦Stmr Despatch, Levinspn, Pirtland." '.-",".
Strnr Fulton. Panzer, . >
• Stmn J.ames. S. . Hijrglne, Hiffgine, • Fort
Bragg. • • ' * ' • .
¦ Br 'ihlp' IJtrl of Dunmore,. Mencke. London i
Bktn Klikltat. Cutler, • P«rt Gamble. ..
• Schr Orient. Saunders, Grays. Harbcr:.
• Schr Conftanza, Johnson, Notleyfc Landing. : .
Scar Oakland.. Ewirt, Sluslaw River, in tow
of stmr Redon^p. -' . . . .- -¦ . • - ,..'.,
Schr Volant^* Skipper.' Grays Harbor.;'"- .
' 'Pchr. Henry Wilson'.. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Scfir Sacramento.- OrupKel, Siualaw.
Schr Bessie K, Stark, San Vicente Landing.
• . telegraphic: .
POINT LOBOS, Sept. 30. 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wln# SW; Velocity » n>i!os per hoar.
¦ . . -'•: SPQKEX.. •
Kcpt-4 — In lat. 21 south. Iotir 38 west. Ger
ship Chri«el, ; front Shields.' England, for -Port
Los An^elesv •' .* ' ' • -. . , •
Sept 4— In lat 31 south, long 38 west. Fr
hark' Villc de Havre, from Swansea, for Sen
Francisco. . .'
Sept l&rrln lat 17 north; long 28 west, Fr
snip. La Perouse, from London, for San Diego.
Sept 2+ 1 — In lat 32 21 south, long 75 west.'
ship Lujcn, from Honolulu, for Delaware
Breakwater. .(All well.) ..
". ISLAND' POUTS.. ' ' '¦ .
HOXOlAjLUf"-Salled Sept 20— Bktn James
.Tuft. for. Port; Townaand; Ital; bark-For-tunato
Fiiari,. for Australia. .- .-.,,. -.; i( ..,. v
Arrived 'Sept . 30 — U S .' stmr Buffalo, from
Dutch 'Harbor..'- ' ' ' ' '
. ". * DOMESTIC PORTS. ' .
' SEATTLE— Arrived 'Sept 30— Stmr City of
Puebja. -hence' Sept 27. '
; Sailed Sept 30. 10 a. m— Stmr Quee.h. (or San
Frapcisco.' • "" ; .
: Arrived Sept 29— Schr Volante, ¦ from Nome.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 29— Stmr Na
tional City, with -barge Tidal Wave in tow, for
San Franeiaco. ¦ . - . " . .
KUREKA— Arrived .; Bept 80— .Stmr Phdcnln
henc^e • Sept ; 27; • schr- J.ohn A " hence' S«pt 27:
stmr Brjinywlck.'.hen'ce. Sept: 28. * •' -. .
¦ PORT iHADLOCK— Arrived Sept 30— Bktn
Quickstep,' hence. Sept 1.6. • ..•••'. t . . ,
Arrived gepj 30— Stmr Vontara.- from &e*
attle. * • .- ¦.. -•'•-.¦ ' ... : .- • ;•
•¦• ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 30^8chr Annie Lar
pen.'hence'Sepf; 17. /•"¦¦-.' '• . ' ' ' .
• - TILLA^OOK-TArrJved "Sept 29-^Schr- C. -T:
H 111. hence Sept. 22. " • '. " . . - . •¦
COO5.BAT— Arrived 8ep.t 30-^-Stinr% Alliance,
from; Portland'. '• . " "•' ¦ . . '• •• . ••'.',
Sailed ..Sept 30— SUnr Breakwater, for San
Frartclsco: / '-"¦. '-" '•" . ¦'•" '•'•,•".".'• *.-•*,'
BANDON— AfHTed Sept > 28— Schr Ooquelle
hence 'SeDtr 21.7 •-. -^_ ••"¦ •' '
."¦ Arrived. S*pt.»— Stmr. tnizabeth*. hence' -Sept
.20. •¦ •' -• -- : ¦ ¦ -¦' ¦-. •' ¦'¦.' ¦ " '-,'•--.
. Arrived- Sept SO— Stmr Chlco. hence. Sept 27.'
- EVERETT— Arrived- Sept 25— Scnr;' Espada.
hen'c*. Auz 31.' : ' ' ¦¦¦¦•¦ .- . -
. GRAYS ; HARBOR— Sailed .• S.ept 30-^Sfmrs
-Santa 'Monica "and Chehalls and schf Charles
R.Wilson, for San Francisco. ¦
Arrived - 6ept . 30-j-Schr ', Wlnslow; • from ' San
Pedro; schr San .Buenaventura, hence Sept 17.
-j Arrived Bept 30— Schr Letitia;* hence Sept 18-.'
The .steamer .^Nevadan, which' sailed pn
Th&rsd.ay for Hopolulii'and'Hahu'lui, carried an
assorted merchandise" eacgo, valued. at $8(T,474
and including the .following: " • '
485 bbls flour. S5O3 ctls'barley, 1* ctls wheat.
~01 ttls oats.- 696 bales "hay. &G.e«3 lbs mi«l
dliris.- 164.121 lbs. bran; 71 eks feed, 70.700
lbs rice. -8451 lbs beans, 10.000 lbs sugar, O500
Its salt, 100 ca table preparations, 31 pkta
groctries and provisions, 14W lbs 164 cs bread,
7 cs meals. i>0 pkB« fresh frults ( 8* pkgs. pota
toes arid or.icns, M3 cs a«tortvd canned goods.
2362 Uja coitee. 2431 lbs citron.' It cs baking
i-.wcir, S")4<> lbs codfish.- ::•> ca sala-i oli. 38S3
lba candy, 010 lbs tea. 7S4O lba lard. I'lH'pkga
raEt«, -&S cs canned 74 pkgs plckleJ halnun,
12 cs honey, 637 lbs. glucose, 5. cs syrup, «?J1
Its 22-pkgi. dried fruit, «24 lbs butter. .1075
. lbs 7 \cs cheese. . 2583 lbs ham and bacon,
2070 lbs 12 ce prepared fish. &U3 sals 10 cs
wire, 13 cs whisky. 2 cs liquors. L& cs min
eral water. 30 ' bbls vinegar. 121 pkgs dry
-oods, 03 cs boots and shoes, 10 cs hats and
cai'S. 3t pkgs machinery.' 30 bbls 147 cs oil,
4(w. bbls cement. 1227 Its zinc, 50 tics matches,
M bxs car.dllf, 140' steel rail?, 00 txils rail
road iron, 220 bxs 'soap, 3-1 pkgs electrical
eurplles, 1O>J pes steel, 1290 kegs nails and
spikes, C2 pkgs . drug?, 125 c's gasoline*, 500
cs coal oil. ft r^cs brooms, ICO co!ls rope,
¦IO i-K^s » <-l-.iclB parts. .25 plfgs nragon ma
terial. - 212 pkgs buiMlng material, 42 .plcgs
motor cars, 3 bales leather, 24 bales twine,
13C fWs coal. '73 halts oaiium. 6CS4 ft lu'mber,
135 i -I:.":- paints, 217 bdls-8 bars iron, 6'J pkgs
wire^ ICiO cals distillate.
Th'e Nevadan's Cargo.
3Iatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. "
¦ " Tl*e French- .bark Briz'etut . Is chartered for
wheat from Portland io Europe a> 27s 6d"<.ls
?d Ie»s'direet>.
• Tbe ship.'E.. SL Phelpa "(at Honolulu) will
¦proceed in "ballast to a direct rHtrate port and
load nitrate for Hampton Roads for orders..
Chansfe ' of; Time;,
.- rOn ; Sunday, '6cty : . 2,.-. they California
Northwestern ! Rai"iwai* : will . change .its
time, .puttlog in effect, on that- 'date.- Its
wihtef.schedule 1 .'.-. ¦ .. ; ' • .- ;••.•.••. .- _ -• '
•' •BAKEn&PIfiJUP.-.Se?*- 'SO-.-.-^The.Kfrsf Coup-'
ty 'Labor. -Council has- 'decided to- call, ainaisa
- at- Arnrory.- Hall." -.The", call.ls ith^VT* 1 -
Vnilt-""of v tH?. difficulty .-.betweert- the . saloon men.
and'- the .barvehderv and-the.. iaireaslns; influ-.'
t;ri<!e.6Cth'e Cttlfehs"- AIHance.' '¦' •'".' '..'••.¦." -..•'
hit's — KniseRC -Schlafley: ' Hit by pitched 'ball
:-r^By. StarTcells- 3;- . by iloskimart • 2. Wild
pitch— Starkells. ". First ¦ base on ' errpr»^-Port
land I. Oakland 1. ' .Time cf' came— One hour
and fitty-flve minutes. Umpire—McCarthy;. •
.SEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Cloudy -weather .prevails Gver the' Sierra' and'
San: Joaquln- Valley.- also' along the -Central-
CiaJ.lf6rnla Cdast; elsewhere west' of- the' Rocky.
Mountains-'it i.a. fa-lr.'; Scattered' light showers
.have 'fallen ; over "-tha . piateaq-. region !.ah'd'. .a
thund.ecstorm is- reported! from Salt La.ke .-City.
'• • The pressure" his" risen over California arid
N'cyada ar?d ..fallen lh -Other districts, on- the
Pacific -Slope. .• •¦•; '. .. . ' ." . ... : . v;
.- The' temperature has fallen along' ,the coast
'from-'TSan ; Franc}sc6" to'.,Lo« .Aijgelcs'.an'd risen:
ov.er. Or.eiftwi end Vfah.. .••'...",.•' ' ' .. ¦;.
; ,- Forec?.Tt.V.irade vat .S-an -Francj-sco" f oi- .thirty:
.hours • ending' mldnlgrht,-'. October, li " ' -. '•" . •
• • Xijrthern Callfqrh'a— Fair . Saturday; - e-xcept
.clQudx! along the v T>astr.frej'h..»r6uth.w.e>t- wind.
. Sputljern' .' CaJifprhf-a^-Falr Saturday-; ' . light
we,sf/w.l.nd.- . .' • .., : ' : ' .:". •.¦-.; ..>"¦•.;•¦
' Nevarta— Cloudy- Saturday. • • • • ' •• . " "••¦•
San.-Pranpii'co" a.nrt- "vicinitv- — Cloudv Satur
day;". fresh went -wiind: -'!'... .'•' ' .-' .'-.'•..,
' I>3s. Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday:
li^ht west w!nd. ..." • . ¦
'. Sacramento and. vicinity — Vair Saturday.
Fresno ftnd vicinity— Fair Saturday.
" .- V. G-'H". WILLSONV •
. Local -Fprecaster (temporarily in charge).
WEATHER ' CONPJ.T1ONS " AND: GEXtRAL
'. . : ..•'"¦ -' -'EOREiCAST. -.'•.' .: ;¦;•¦•
The British' st"?amer Crusader, from Puget
Sound." bound -for Shanghai, which was recently
reported held "up or captured by Japanese, war
vessels.'. h*s arrive'd at hT port of destination..
' The big liner Siberia cornea" from the .dry
dock to • tie .Pacific Mall'' wharf, to-day- and
will btpin. loading; for China and Japan.
Dr: Lord, Quarantine officer in this ' port,
m-jli'socn b? 'transferred to K1.1J* Island. New
York harWor. and "Dr. Trotter 'is • on his way
from t-"h» East to succeed 'him. .
Water Front Note?*.
.'TO ARRIVE. « •; " .
Steam^r^' j. : From. : ' J P u *r
R*. Dollar.,..- j San Pedro.. ...... WQct.. 1
• <?joronach>.., j- han P>.-dro. ... ..:.... V...|C>c.t! 1
QolumbiA .'...». Portland.* Astoria [Oct.- 1
Jfcanle Seattle & T.acoina ¦ Oct. ' 1 ,
IdXme . .-. ' San Pedro .' ¦ . . JOcti 2.
'UrfaJcwateT.. i:oos Bay .-.:..... '.jpct. .2
"6l.Mon.ica.". ,. 'Gra-ys Harbor.- .'..|6ct.- : 2'
Hora'ex •" "Ilumboirlt ..<..., j'.:-'..^\Oi%. 2'
¦Elirdbeth .... CoqufHe. River :Oct- 2
N*orth .Fork ... . . Humboldt ..:.;. , . . OcO "2
Ctfreha...;. IJumboMt '. 'Oct. .2
"Arctic.. 1 . .Humboldt .'...".-....,. .lOct. . 2
'. . Portland i-Wa'y Pot;ts.''Oct. • 3-
I'*l-Nc^tc..;. -Crescent Cl:y= Oct. • 3
2. -Barbara., i L.San Pe'firo. .'....'. |Oet. 3
Onjtiali.V.\ .'..-¦ ."Van Pedro.,: iQct. • 3
nurj-ka . . . : .'. Humbo'dt ". '. . . |Oc't. . '.3 '
Mongolia... '.. .China &' Jrt.pan :. ..'Oct.' . &
A re/>-. ..•,.:...- Kel River I'ort* . '. : . . lOc't. 8"
Quwn. .'./..:'. Pueet : Souncf ' Ports jOc't. 3
Uoolta... •.:..:. .Newport & VayPofts. Oct. ' 3
State of Cal.. San Dif-ico & Way Pts. Oc.t. 3
Pomo...^.^. •• Point Arena.* "Albion. iOct.-. 4
Alameda.<,._ -Hcnolulu ..-...:/ JOcU 4
Abydos...-. ... Seattle ....'.: |XJc,t. ' 4'
Pomona-.'.. ., .'j • Humboldt ....:....-.. .|Oct-' 5
Newport". " New York via Ancon.lOcJ. 6
Aurella. ,.,i.i Portlarul & Astoria. .. »!Oct.- 5-
Hapta Rosa.-.. ' San D.li?go & X\*ay Pts.jOcf. ' • 6"
Polivt Arena.. Mendoc.lr.o &• Pt.Arena|Qct; fi
'A-rrata. . . . , % . (.'cos Bay £ Pt. Orfd.fOcU 6
G. ~\V. Eldjfi-. . Portland & Astoria.-. . .(Oct.- '6
Coos Bay'.'. . .'. Tan Pf-dro & Way Pt?.|Oct. I 7
¦Amer. Msru. . China & Japan". '. ...-. ...lO.nt. ¦ 7
Califomlah... New T^rk'via CororieU lOct. •: t
City Puebla.. j.J'ueret Sound Ports "'Oct. S'
5Tewburfj--..i . .*, ;• Grays -Harbor * . '. |Oct. -9
Centennial. .... I Seattle '¦& Tacoma* .'. ..iOpt.. »
¦Ventura.' .1 Sydney & Way Ports.. lOctl" 10..
' • • ¦ . • !' .TO- SAIL. • ' '¦ .'•••¦
;»-; Steamer. ' : Destination. . ¦ Sails., 1 -. Pifcr.
¦• -/ . '¦ :' : • . ' October l: " '(>• .' -
Hal'r.lef. .. Seattle A Bellngbnr 4 pmlPler. 10
.Tamplco Seattle direct ...'. 6- pmlPler'. «
G. Llriaauer Grays Harbor; .. .-. 1 pmjpier. 4
•Coronado... -Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Arcata...:. Ooos-.B '£ .Pt. .Orfd 10-am Pier 13
. Gaelic... :-.. China. &• Japan..., 1 pro Pier 40
Snn Juan X..Y. .via Anco.n... !12 mPl'er'40'
Pt. Arena". /i Point Arena .'. s -.'-l 4-pm Pier 2
Pomona I, Humboldt ...'...'.. .|l:30'-p Pier -»
.. .¦"•-". October •?. • j '' ' •
• S*. Mo.ni'ca . . Lf;s A-n^eloa Ports. 1 pmlPier" 2
Uft\atilla.,- Pirjfet Sound. -Ports. 11 am.'Pier 9
'Coon B'aj-.'..' .San Pedro & Way. 9' am I Pier 11 •
Sr-Kosa...". -San Dieeo.& \V'ay-» 9 am|Pi«r 11
-.1 October 3. I . '
Ukrae. :.-..'. i Humboldt :... 12 m Pier 20
Samoa. ..,.'( Los Angelfs Ports.'. 10 amtPie'r. 2 ,
•Centralia,..! Grarys Hq'rbor "..I 4 pmIPler.lt)
"6. Barbara.' •Grav's Harbor* | 4 pmfPJer 2.
- ¦• . ' * ' Octpfcer 4. - '• I •'• •
Korwdod.-I.- S'e.attle "&. Tacoma-. 3 ptnlPier- 2
Breakwater. Coos' Bay -direct. ... 5 pmJPier S
"Corona ! H-umboldt ...,.;¦... l:30piPler' if
Kllrab^th— •, Ciquille River. . . t '.: B.pm Pier/ 20.
Columbia-.', -i' 1 Astoria •&' Portland 11 ani I?J'er 24
•• . •]• -OctoToer'5.- . v • '-.; •
•Alliance..'.." Evreka & Coos. B. 11 •am'P.ier 10
•Eureka.,..'..! Humboldi ..:.... si amlP.ler .'l:j'
G. ¦ Dollar....' Greys Harfeor:.. .'..'¦• 4 pm|Rier 20.
¦Argo... feel River Ports'-.. 4' pm-Pler' ¦- 2.
".Arctic !>'• Humboldt 9 amiPl'i-.. 2
Jranie. ...,-• Settle &."Tac"6ma. 5"pm|Pier5o
• *. : 0ct0'l3*r.6. I "• . •/¦
iSan- Pefira.'-. Humiclut ....:... 10 araiPjen j 2
' Potito. .."•'• • • • Pt. Arena & AlBion " C pm Ple^ ' 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 ani Pief.ll
.BcrJjta....- » .Newport'TSt W-ay..-. 9 am Her 11"
¦-.-« .-' ' October 7. * . • , • * •
Queen...... Piii^rt Sound Ports 11 am' Pier • !?
AbytJos <. Hamburg &-Way.. 12 m Pier 19
Siberia.. ;•• China & "Japan"... .. 1. pm Pier 40
Coracao../. Mexican PorJ.s .... 10 am Pier 11
' . . ' October 8. * \-
Aurella..,. Astoria &.Pcrtfond 5 pmJPier 27
Alameda.-... Honolulu, 11 am Pier 7
CHy Sydney N. Ycrk via Ancon 12 m Pier' 40
. ' ' October 9. '. .
• O. W. Elder Astoria & Fortland 11 am Pier 2t
'• .. F'KOM SEATTLE. "•
; Steamer. ' ' Destination. I Sails.
City Seattle.. Skaeway & Way Ports.'|Oct. 1
Roa-noke.. N'qme •& St. Michael. '.|Oct.' 1
j Valencia..." j -Skagway & Way Ports.Oct.' 3
• Santa Clara.. ; peldovia & Way Port«.Oct. 3
Victoria I Nome. & U:E. Sib,erla|OcL 4
J^flerson I Fkagway &.Way Ports.jOct.' 3
Oreson j Nome & St. Michael.. Oct. 8
Bertha .'... ..... L Cooks -Inlet & Way PttiDct. 10
I SHIPPING IXTELWGENCE. ~ '¦
. "One "out when wlBaihff run" was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY IXNINGS. T~
Tscotr.i '.........' 0 V- ft 0-0 f 3 0 *— R
B»ie hits.../.,. 1 O. © 1 0 2 3 0 2—9
Seattle- ...."....'.. O O ©0 4.0 O' O 0^-4
:.Bas«*fu. r 1 o: e o .4 0 1 o* 2—8
/¦¦•'¦¦ . • - sL^tiiAnv: • . " ." •
' nrrers-— b»ehy <2). Willfeiri. ¦ Struck cut —
!J> Overall*, ty 'Boyle 3, by Frisk 1.' BaiB^i
on tail?— E-y CvcriUl'. by Boyle' I, by Frisk 1.
AYiid pttchr^-Dorfe- Hit by p'itcher-=-DoyIe.
I'i.-i><l "bill— Orahani. • Two-base hit — Graham.
Hur.,; run-^U. Hall.- Se.crtftc« liit-^I^eihy.
Tirtt.- fcaie r.tr rrrcr — TtcnuV Stolen bas*- —
Kh«rhari. Harr.rd. rufi« —^eittle '2.' Left on
>*ttj-'T»rcirj «; S«attl»..4. -Double pttf —
•;'2.sry to \>.t,xn to NCrdyke. Time of pane —
¦f»a hcurs-amJ five mfnutes. Umpire — Brown.
TA^CG JiA," ; V 30.— T Taet)fna : -wo'n 1
Sut^p'-^et4jfialj?.TtprdiijK .'.In ti.«;'same.
4li}niii«r;-^ittl».'"fc4Ltf?t'^ -Ksnie bid for !
A^.ti&htest.' .b^t.'.by" fieidiriiB: .'liis 'posir j
tiori.wiell. Overall .' ayerted the' darigre'r. ,
Hall, ; tVilllants arid: . Vah-.Halfren /hiid !
an ! : ar^riient--ih; -'.the.' seventh" .inning -
Vitb ; vtrrnpire.; ; JBrowiii' 'which, resulted; '
in ifall and Williams.. /being" ordered ]
frGrn the irrounds. VAn Haltren saved.'
j{?^^1f/-t^-*|^|ylyjf-V-tft? ;the '.bench.- i
iThfese Seattle; : players ./claimed /..that ¦
gtt^baH''O41^;'tA!i?ttchv'tJblrd -bas^. !
Srowh did not agree with- Hall and.ft;'.
]e^gthy ; wrarigle -. f blrowed. Seattle j
.Efepred their four rtiris in the. fifth, .on j
three, singles, a. sacrifice and a hofne :
•run drive !' by .Hall. .. -Tacdma's -rilns !
came in on bits" combined with wild j
throws. - Boyle, ..-a; p'itcher from the
bush league, twirled . for Seattle arid
;did. well. ' For. six ihnihffs'. the Tigera !
tould . riot touch . him to . any ¦ extent j
Overall was hit successfully:- in". but
two iniiihgfs..- .The Tigers' flejding waLs.
sharp, and-, cjearu - Scored ' ._!/; ; . ' '
/Seattle— .. : '"', .", Tacotia^- ' '• .
. . / AB, It' H: P. A-i vAB.'.R. HP.. A..
: V*r.H.cf ; 4 00 0 0 Doyle.rf . "4 2 "Z 0 --0 i
MonlriSb * ' jO- 1 2- -3.Fkehri.Sb- 3 1- • 2 n. li
lik£p;ifc-s-4 O O 11 .0 Nrd>.k,lb'4 . O -i) 14 • 1 I
. FT-Ek.lf-T>' 3 1--2.2 -2-&n?ah.s.. 4 WO 1 4 1
rJhnty.3b : 4 1 2.-0 4 I.ynch.cf V 4 O : J 3" O
l>ihy,c. -2 0.1 5- l'Ca^ey.2b • 4 0 o 1' ;i
Smirt.rf. 4. I. 1," I PJtcI«n,1t3 O'O-O' o
R.Hall.t. 3/ 1 . 1 -2 3 Orahm.c 4 2-2 8 2 1
tirphy.lb l'O 0.2 0 Overall.p 4 0 J 01 5 .
Uoyle.p. . 2- - O- 0 OT. -r-. j
Wilhris.p OO 0*'0» O .Totals.S4 5 9 21 15 j
CHall.lf. 1 O-O.-.O 0: ... - " ¦-
Get Tcjcnlier 1ft .."'Nidth .alid. Break Up [
¦'¦ : :"'¦¦- : '.:-''^v ;; <l»e' -Game.. ".- •' ' :; ' ; '" ; ". ;
T1GEIIS: T<) Tilt: TX)RE AGAIX.
T6e .four vessels 'comprising tbe fieet of bveT
dues.- Which are watched .for from day to day,
ar« the; ship Q-ov.-n of Germany, out Beventy
thr-ee days from Shanghai to Royal Roads, re
1ns.uran»e 5 p*r c«":nt; French bark Moliere. b«
iween same ports, out. sixty-five days, 6 pfr
c<nt; British . scK'XJner Advance, from.- a*.Mis
sissippi "port to Venezuela, out fifty-ftsht days.
Ui ptr- : CEnt; -British skip Shake^p^ar^. from
Um west 'const of South America, to llarbadoes.
<yH 1.TS. days, 8 iwcent.
Fleet of Ovcrdues.
: . .' (^20th: Meridian— PaciHe Tlrne.) ' • . .
-. SAN -FRANCISGO.- Sept.' 30-76 p. m; ':.
. The following- maximum and minimum .tefnV-|
Pfrature's- are .reported" fcr' th« previous dav': •
'. Uoston ..'. : :.:.:..:cfc62]New York- ;. : : . . .-.-TfcrtfV!
Chicago . . .- . .T8-«<> Philadeiphla* ;74-C8
ancinnati -..:... .90-6H Pltt»burs; '..' -...KS-tW.
Jacksonvirie ' . . .' .'.M-Tfl St..' I«uls ;-.-.'. . . :.hth"'2'
New- Orleans.-: . . .--.02-7* Tl'ashtnKton- :.'. .,'.-SO^T«
.- -•• . 9AN i.FTitaiNClSCO. . ;'••¦•¦¦¦• ?*¦•** - : '
. ¦[ " -' • .•':•..- ; -I
'¦ . :•-• ' .¦•^¦...^.s»:af.'."^.. •!¦,-,
. • •¦ • " .-I. . a|-33 .^s- .'g* *
• stations; J: "»Z%* ?§ • Sri ?•
: .-. ¦¦ • -. ' : r- ?,?¦* •>.¦ . ?• |;
.-¦•¦• • c • e . .• •• • . a '
¦ •• ;.-.; • ¦;. -3 "2;. 1 . • .:• : "¦¦ .
baker . . . :...3o.os" 74 • 48 t}'yr Clear' !oo-
Carson .-..:. .". 20. »a- 68 36'. J3 -Cloudy Tr.
Ear*Ua ..'..-. .30.04 66 fr4 " NW •¦ Clear -' .00 '
.Fresno ;. ;. . . .29.99 &*¦: 56- SE Cloqdy " • .0f>
¦'SEi--raraIlon.3b.O4 : 65 P9 - ?• 'aoudy \W>
Flagstaff. 30.10 (W! 26 NE ' Clear'' .(*)
Ptfcatello :. ; :.30.10 72 3fl N Clear TIX).
Independence .30.10 CS M.' -XW Cloudy. Tr.-
I>s Angeles.-.SOilJe -84 -«4 W- Clear • -.00"
¦Mt. Tarhali*ois30,05- 7.C- 67:' SW : Clear •' -.00
North --Hea.d.'.36.06 "64 • .. -N-'t -Clear -. -.04>.
Phoenix- .*.:... 20:0i -da 54 W ! Clear ' .00
.Pt. Reyes Lt. 29. OS' v 80- 60 -S : '- Cloudy; • iW
PQrtlin.d -....-.3O-.0h- 82 58. NW CJ«»*i». .QQ".
Red " Bluff. .,.20,09 86 CO. SE tiear-' .00
RoeeburSr ».^:80.00 84 .00 • N ' " .Clear . ' ;0<)
Sacramento ..2»:0ft K4 .5S S- ' .-. Clfdr '• iOO-
Sa]t -lAke-. :..SO..(fi 72 4f 6W Cleair .O<).
• San FTanclsco.3.U.O4. .74 .04 XV-. -. Pt.Cldy- .l>f)
S. -lJ-.Qb!sp6. .-30.02 - 78. '52.. 7J' "• (-Tear-- ¦ '(>O-
San Diego.... 29: W 72 '62 \V.- Clear . ••' '..«o'
"Seattle ' ;'. :',. .30.10 72 .' itt. N n«ar .«V
Spokane. . .'.'..30.(4 , 60 44 : KW" aear • _fO-
Tatoosji ¦ .30il2 56.48. " *£ CJear .00
.Walia- JN f aHa:.'3«.()«; 8O "54 .SW -Clear : ' .\*'f
I "Wl.nrtemucca .-30.12' fiO' &4 -Sw- '.' Clear : : "••00
-Yuma ..,..-.; .29. PZ 92 88.-* ~NE" felear. ':0O
Doe Retired- the Brownies. With Three
': -Scattered' Hits.
• PORTLAND," -Sep.t.' " 30,-^Starkells,
•who signed', and pitched for Du'gdale
all in one day, seemed "an easy mark
• for the Cummuters arid 5'to'0 waj the.
. score: -For six innings Doc Moskirrmn
• allowed, not a hit. and. then gave three
] in. two innings,. b«t {hey resulted in.
(.nothing. "•. In . the ' third' ' Moskiman
j. knocked a hot one through Starkells.'
j.Ghnley. went out, but assisted Moski-
I priaatogeta base. ' Francks' line drive
just inside ef third base made trouble,
Francks was forced- by Dunleavy, but
Srhlafle:y :hit-.to".the. left garden "and
j the.- inning/ended. . Kriiger-- scored in
¦the." fo.urth. qn. his .own -single and "a"
j double "by. pevereaux: .:, In .'the. fifth
. Kriiger's ;three-ba?e hit to -'right, field
ana . another single by E>ev:exeaua: ended,
the-.jrieal. ' The" scorer ¦ •;•"•: .-.'•-.'
! '-. Portland—- ;' .' '-.. ' ) Gaklapd— •' ' '.'
- /¦ ' .- • a'b: r. ii.'-p.. a-. I • .. " t ab.. -R- 'h, p: a.
Dren.cf..' i "(k -O.-V '.P Gsnly.rf. ' 4 .'Q 1 I. 0.
McCd,'r.r;:-4.' » .I :2->0 Fr*ka,»;."» ' o' .1 - 1- ;:
• MrsTi!,lf;. :4. »•. 0- tl- t>|Pnlvy.if. 'ji ' O- O 1 :-0
. Hind,ib," 2 •..<>. M irvQjshbjr.3b. : '--4 n r". . :j- -. .-:
•1 HkfM.2b;..3 -0 1 * 5^ 2- -3 <>'p'
•fteckiSb.. 4 4> " O /_' -2.iSfreib.lb.' J 1 Olio
Runkle.s. 4 .!) ' 0 0.' 3 0 2. I. -1
.KtiileSvc' ."? 0 .0 a 1 lJyrhps.c ''4 i . .0 !) 0
.t<pncr,c::- 1 O.-o. (k-4 itsskrijp.- 4 .1 5' : 0'--3
&ukl,p:.. 3-O- o "a o .• •-.-., __..^_-^_ ii.
- . > - ; "-£i ~-~ ¦¦ Tdtals.SS- -5 10 'ST 1?
... TJta-.ls.Ml ;0 ,;s pT.li ¦•;. ; .-.->; .:•¦' .-•.".'.
,. ." .- RUN? ...AftiD 1 HI-TS^.BY^ ;tNNlNds;'; "
PbrUah'f." ..'. ;-.'.'.<*•. ¦<>¦¦ :0 "<-0-" fl'lO-O' 0 0^-Q'
¦ ' ¦ nets Hits:.-.;.;") ¦*}-. !»• :• o: .n;. .v"2 -o .ov-^.-n.
OaSkndV; -.."; ... . : .O- .0. 1 1 A -.1 ¦ 0 1'. >w :>
¦ . • Ease int.* . '.... :.O ;i. -2' .2: 1. .3 • 0 . 0 '.lr-U>
;';.-' ' : '¦'¦''.' '¦"• .'•S.UMaiARY. ••";'• '•••C^' : '.,..: •'.
.' .Krrerj^— SchlnS'ey. .' Riinkle: '• runSr-»
•Oaklanil 3.. ' Stolen ha.ses— Kruger . Dunleavy;
Sciilafcy: Struck' .out — By' .Starkells : 4,- by
' Moskiina*j 0. Sflcriflce hits — Stelb; . Deve
reftOX. Two-base h-!t— Deveneaux. Three-base
Sherman Eleven Will XJno Up Against
. California ThLs Afternoon. . v : .
BERKELEY,. Sept. 30.^-the Sher^
man Indians .arrived, from- thfe south,
this afternoon prepared to grapple on
the gridiron' to-morrow with the elev
en from the University of .California.
They are a .husky lot-^-eishteen . oj
them — and Judging, from their " lotfkis
ought to keep Calif otnla .hustliAsr-- to
win: The men are in. excellent .ph'ysr
ical condition arid it .needed only "a.
little practice oh. the .Campus .to lim
ber up their muscles. The teams will
line -up as. follow?:. " ..-;-.; " -'- /". ¦':'.
•'•¦>'¦'• .•-." ' • " '- -' •' Shermab v ' :
California- '•¦ ¦'Positions.'... .' .-Indians;: .'
•Haffey-Tayror.....'.. Cetiter. .Saunders. C: Colei".
• . '. • 1. .''hian ,: ¦•• ;".¦ ¦' '.
Stern.-0'Tqoie.,...' R.- G. Ii.Albanez-H. C?ole^ .
• . ' ' ;.'-• • '¦'. ¦ ' ' man- Morales . '
Gray-Reed-Fbrce.. L.VG. R.../-.".'...Baa'ekto|oth
Heltniuller- Upward R- : .T. L..Lugo;-H.. Colefcqan
Ollv-e'r-How.ard-. ; L. T. R.'V. ;;;.'.-. .-.'.^^Lnbo?
Henry-Canilnettf,. «.-'E.-L:.-.-..i.',-,V. .iTprtea-'
McInnea-Coog-an..' L. X.-R-. .:".-.. <..-.-.i-.,. Boles
. WhltVMend .'.:. . •; . .' R: : " H... L>. .. . ; .'» U ; ..; Paine
Sperry- Graves .,:';.. L. II.' R..'.Mat;ee^Lachu»a
Bdynton-Lasater. .'.'Fuljtoack .. Schaulder-Ga.it .
kUtre«-P<X»tli-De.. -. -'.. ..'.••.'• •/
' . Armahd-Stlhes* : 'Quarter — *" : .' • j*» : .»fas .
DliRKELEl* TO MEET IXDIAXS,
MOSK1MAX IX AXCIEXT FOR3I.
'.- TlJe "• Oriental' " asd : ' Occidental eteamship
Ga€l!c will sail Troin-. the Paci'flc Mall wha.-A
corner c!f Erannan a-nd First stre«ts. ..this
aijtrnc-cn' at [ 2 'o'clock' with passengers pnd
rargo- fcr th«"Orlent.- She' wi!! take ."S50 tons
of. freight. " principally -lead, leather, flour and
b^er-.- This is the favorite Whit* Star liner's
last (oB&d trip, and the people, of fja'n " Fran
cisco, as "well as tran.g-pacitlc'- iravi-lers ' will
rrj'ss flTe Gaelic's. .jcnial offlcerf, 'who always
struve to .please, and siic«ed«d. ';. . :.
' Amcng' her passengerji are • the following
missionaries from the S'oatbern States, bound
for China: '• l>r. ¦ and 'Mrs. Mettdows. Miss
Meadows. "Mr. 'and ilrs. Upton.. -Mr. and Mrs.
Prov^enf'e. . Mr. " Lake.' .Mr.- and Mm. StTJbens,
Mr and M-rs. .Ray. Mr. "and Mrs. Thomas, Dr.
and Mrs. R. -H. 'praves. Mi«s H. F. North
and . fo;ir chilifren. • • •
Liner Gaelic's Last- Trip.
WEATHER REPORT.
STEAMER. . EN"TERPRISfi .WHICM
:.WILL' TC>W. THE SHIP MARION
CHILCOTT T© -HATV'Alr.. :" "•
• •¦The 'French. baylt W. J. .Pirre-is reported ,by
•the M'rchants' EjEchang« as having caught
fife at .her -mooring; in the port of Tocapilla. on.
the' coast of South America. August IT. and
totally destroyed.. She- had ozx' board 220 tons
of coal -and- 870 tons of nitrate of eoda.
.Tne British ship Sarcor*. froffi Tacoma. with
a. cario- c-f train, has" arrived at Falmouth.
EnKland. and reports -loss or sails and other
damage.- The- cargo shifted while the ship '.was'
on- h«?r bearo'ends in a fierce sto'rm an-,1 about
,aCK«"> s«ck^ of barlej' r;ere jettisoned. . ' ;
. "While at ant-fcor in th» bay of Manila. July
X2. th» British bark Howard D. Troop waa
'struck by .lightning, damaging the m!zz«-n. rig
ging "arid splitting -th-?'- maintop' gallant mast.
Three Marine -'Mishaps.
: - REDONnO^.Sa'HwJ.' Seji' SOr-^tm'ir'-CcntraUa;
. for &a-i ' Fr'jino^scQ-; 9c.hr- Mahuk6na,' for As
toria; '¦¦['¦ .:. '.'•' • . ¦" ' •.«...' - ' .- -. : ;- '
• TATGOSH-— Passed " lh'. Sept •30-r > -Ship'- Sparf
. tan. 6ence : 'SeiJt "l'O,' fqr- .Fort . schr
GknnoB.fin,- herrde- Sept 22,'- • ffir 'Port -Gamble.
PaBsetj.-outv Sent SOr-^Bktri • AV'illlo, H. Jtttinie,
•from- Baliard,- for Sari. Fraiiclsco..' . ... '
Passed: inward ' Sept viO-^-Schr Manila, hehc«
S»>pt;?2. for Port. Garnble"; . '. ¦ • '. . '.•.'•..
I'asse'd -in ' Sept Not-thwest.- ; hence
.Sept : 17; for. Port tiad lock. '¦'¦-' ¦:'¦':¦ •-..'. • ¦
,1'ORT .-"¦ :IfARFORI>-rSa!!ed". S*pt -30-^Stnir
• E-obc.rt r»ollar..-foir'Sart F.Tancl.*;o.' ••."¦¦'
•' HARDY. . CRPEK^Satled- ' Sept . '30— Stmr
•Marshheldv' for ?an " Fedra.' ¦ •; : • . " '
I • SAN .PEDRO-rArrlyifd -Sept 30— Stmr South .
Bay. . hence . Sept- l*7;:.4itinr"Na'varrt>'. .from.'MenT
doc.irio: "etmr "Cetitraliai- from -Reddndb. '- :. •¦•
•• BAKTA ' BAnBAnAz-rSaii^d- Sept:3»^Stnrr
:State.'.6f .Caflifornta;"- : f&r -San ; ; Diego; simr Bo^.
nU.a-i fpr San'Fra'nclsca..' v. -'".• : - ¦.'•;•' ¦'.'.:'
" ..'..¦¦¦••:.. EASTERN" PORTS. ¦" • ; • : •
.• 'PHiLADFXp.HlA^-t*leared. Sept 'SiD^-Br" shirr
RLver Falloch. for" W-irmtnetoh. Df I: • . '.-' ' . -..
•. ' . ¦ •"'. •';¦ FQR.E.iGNvronTs. •' - •• •; >. •¦• •
• PALMOUTilr^-Acrivcd Sejit 30-rBr ship Bar^
'core, frnrn T*ccma. ' :¦¦¦ ¦" ':¦-;' '¦'.'¦ '• : •
; -SCILXy-i-lVsFed Sept 2SK-^Ital- barV •' Cata
•rlna .A'ccame-.: Honce .May 17. -'f6r" : Que'ervstdwrr;-.
G»r bark Nal. from. Portlands tor Queenstowri. .'
¦:. COLON-rSaJled S*pt 28— Stmr : Allianc?.. for
New TOrk:'-. ' -. • ¦'•'¦ '¦ .- ¦• ¦ .'¦•.•.
- - YOKDHAMA^-SallPd -Sep.t 29^5r s'tmr- Stan-
ley. Dollar, for Sjin- Francisco. • . . ¦ • •.
/ANTWERP— In port ,«opt 4^Br shfn Kirk-
I'cudbfiRhtshtre. .-fpf- San. Francisco; "• ¦ .
I" SHANGHAIVArflved Sept.CD^-Br stmr Cru
t.KadPr. fr-pm. Astoria. '•' •-; " ••
! • SIXGAPOnFJr-Arrlyea Sept 2S^-Br sttor St.
| Hugo. ¦- fr/?ih.. New York; for .Manila. . ¦
I •".'.¦: • -. • :<5CE AN .STEAMERS. -• '
' • <jUEENST6\VN— Arrived Sept 30^Stinr Lii
c&nla^ from Ne.v/' .York. ' • • • "
. PL yMQf-TII— Arrived .Sept 30— Stmr BleucK
en' from New- York. ¦ " .. ' . ¦
' . .J&rrl*-* Srnnot, • boatman -on Vallejo wharf."
'>y«ler>iay proved 'hlpsaelf ' expert "and' lbng
.'•wlndeU as a H<*9 sea "diver. ' Thomas Cro*l*X
was. trftnsferriris '.a • number of ironwood logi
frpni-th^ wharf to a l«-»rg*' and a stick-weigh':
ing -aK,Kt. 15QO -pounds ttU overboaid. . It sank
in...ttt/-ive. feet of-, water.- Crowley proceeded
.to . telephone for. • lh«? ¦ services of Diver Jaffc
Roach when Senrtct toolc -the cdntract of Bsh
i.-Sp up th*> lost lotr. With a bowline he <3iv«rj
fcr-tiis catch and; finding, an end of .the -piecp
of-'timber .clear of the -mud. he fcot a hitch on
1t snd hurrlfd to'.-t'tie' surface. He 'was a v*ry
much winded diver, but his rorje held and the
lr>d was hoisted back to' daylight. . -'
Divine for a Ix>g.
Th» Ur.ited Sisiis- arnjy tran«rort Sheridan
will- sail irom. Folsom ' \vharf to-day at fioon
for Manila. She 'has a licavy •passenger " list
and cargo, which- inc*.u«ies .a consienrnent -of
n«?»Iy mintnl FUiplDO pesos. Among the cabin
pass«ns-.>rs" ar? a number or second li^utetjants'
r.ewly. Kraduatcd from -West Point: Colonel W.
P, T-Jonfr an/i Mrs. : Tucker, whp Is the dau^h-.
i*r ci thf la-<e General John A. ; Losan, are
bound for' Manila;.' where. Colon*l Tucker* wijl
I* 1 . aUac&ed to the r«ay department* b" the
army... E. A. .McMrlJan. brother .o* J. T. Mj
iOUan. ''tons; connected with the branch hydfo-
'ofrtce. In this city, is <jn his "way »o
-<-iuam-.- irher*! he is Ce-tailcl for Uuty ;ln rthe
Inary pay office'.' Captain E. B. Lcwndei. of
¦trre .tn?r.nc .corp*..- acfbmiianiPd by his wife.
js- rttrrnlnB to duty 2n the Philippines. Cap
tain- F. A. Cook. U..S. A.. Is) making his
second' -start for' Manila, havin-r been -recalled
•Vein. -Honolulu. whll*"len.- route" to the Phjl
•'i'pplricsf :¦- tome .timS aso. 'About 30O cf- the
"Jriiipino'..».:or:R-.ab'ulary .who were in St. IicuU
•in attPh'danfe at %t.c world's fair are returning
ty> 'their »iatlye -Islands. -.Compahy I, Urvljied
V-tat^s- J?:srnai C7orp$, • will" eo "roljt on - Jhe
•••••¦ . ¦ . ¦ . ' . •
Shcridnn SnlLs To-Day.
.GiJrtonV ¦•Erroif-rGex'.'riaiier,- ,- < Poinan. .T^;o: j
:'rJ«K» hi;-s— i.*rr.vaJ?i..-..tVhVefeTV- ' ?acfifloe ..blt^— .
Clpssc T'rrh.-',- . Hi.'d^bnina. •.Tii'« Uaee ch.e.r- j
-.¦^rV_-? s - ;'rS-Titi*co' 'I.' ' txis .AnteJrs 1.'. First- ;
• tsi -- • a'l'^d-'Lilii^Gff :"W>:*eler"3-..-«j«-Xew
• ~ n !>>fV r-n' ta-s^s^Sah.i-Yajrtfcsca S; L;"?» '
Ai;ieiv> T.: : .-trJrk Vl-hteler J> Py .'
Wi!*on --5. -i-Hu; fcy: " ¦r:icher-r?'TV"l!.*sn. .- DcUWe !
f'.&vs^SValiSron : to . AP.iif rson.- .Time cf .pamf . ..'
<^tf«- fcc«ir .;ar.u\:ferty"iiiiri;jt«..-- iTirpire— Me- I
.-.'" ';.•.•::¦'¦•;'¦•¦¦;'"• : - ¦...:'• '-¦•• 1
¦ After the CrEt- refund there was noth.- !'
;jiip;.djoirig. tv:ith tbe;«rroG4a^;iin«^xyry^s 1
r, r Newton. -In- that Ttrufid- To.man' erred t
•<<>"rp' : p^-- : a\.4J!^'.-?^.t : -t«! : .''iri i SSl'-;«itd- SVatdroii j :
••w;alfe'-dv ; : :Mpan-V: -forced;- Varr .a t . th<? pah, 3
;''.brt. : :I.rV.{n**f'-b\it..ljBt.'Ui'^.:^ti^*» ¦.'•"':¦ • j'
; ;'^The Anpcl-s lh?ir.ftrgt in:tifie jthircj.i
¦¦¦R;ithout '¦•¦•th^-V"ard'/..'o/-.''; a.- lriL/';A' svatk-j
t'». - Cravathv " a ". fielder's"-. '-.chbibp.- : -.a";
: pirrlfice and .an "oitit did "it. ¦ Cravath.'j'
.<tp^ned .lib. :theV-nin.th ._ .dazzlef to j
:#feh.t;- -tot :;tu-OK ; ;-bafeW;-,VChase. v; butotfed j^
.irwin Va;? ¦n'aiti-nEr .friz:- itht". ball ;tQ;.fcfir!
•foul ; U '.stojpj^d'in ¦ pd* ; prpilnki.. .".Tniiiaxj j
;vveht.";vCHit^ v;"byt-.; /purposely :
'^iR^>.^^<i^*t r -5S^.e t^pj^L', ?&&. *>eing. j.
' -j wt : ' : ojrv "b" y '; "jtnd^rEori. vind ":Van" .Bruen,- •; •
: CraVath rsnela^ed in with, the';ruh'thkt:"
y6^ttl^d"'^hfr.^.tjrik^:-VThfe-l'8i6Bfet ••. • - .' ; •>}
¦"¦'fcis Ffa'ri: iFr-s-r- '¦¦ " '"=': Los' : Anrel«F — .'¦ • '•' '¦ 1.
¦X'..;-;-/,: " "«.B. It: m:.P: -*ii. ¦:: ; ' .-AI5-R: HvP,/ A,- 1
\ '^r.P IV. 3 -.<¦• •: ¦¦¦£. VK . •«•• Be-rnrji.cf -.4 '=• 1: 3- 0. |
¦•>('¦¦:?>; >.',!¦¦ r.'-t ' '2 : > ¦¦¦¦.'O."'r i l:»d'V2i;.-: 4.:. <h.V- .3 -r? f.
•.'..¦.••.' r.. ••<>•¦ j> • ? : 'i Vtr.nh;-Jb 4-:o.o r 2 4 :
iVJirV ri-4 :«" '<» I' 0?>Vatfe;rf 3. : -J-. 2.' 1 ' 0 ;
- - hi-hb. • S' ¦"-' •«- T "-V :r.'<'i)a-ae-.ib-.-3 -0/1. T -.2 :
¦ : *-> 1 w*ft : -J '-.-0-- '^¦•- '* •¦•-'* Tnrnin^.- 5'' 0": XK 4" :4.'j-'
. a , \ ..« :<j -y ¦ i<n»'&Lif :¦..¦.¦*¦ Q- *. o" -i ¦
<;vVur *¦ ,' r,-":-r.; <> ¦•'V.:V.fi''!:p'les;e"...' i -4-.. ft". t> <?-.<> '
AVt.^Vr.jV 4 :¦*>:;¦ \.' '<»¦¦ S. Neirin.p, » . O; -O" . 1" X)'!
"'•¦':Si> : tJi'-''-.' ; - : 3 ¦."•«' '•¦ 'U-- Oj-'l.'-!-'--, ¦¦••• •¦ •*=¦ —r — '' '' |.
:"»F;i«h.*r::-.T';-;«/;>;fl.Vo*-! Toiale.31 ;2 -6-27 10 - :
.- ; 'Totaj«-C2 •¦i-'5 SJ'-VJ : ¦-¦¦•.'.'..'•'. ••" .'-.'•¦ I"
;--:- v : ¦¦¦•¦¦Rrxs-vwNp'-jtfiT* .innings.- ... . !:
"^ Aopele* ,.l".-i-'^» -.0 -'JO- 10 0 0- 0 .1^2.j
¦ ¦••¦:««»* ¦• Hits'- ¦,..--.-:c<k Qva-.o -o., r-.o..i .2—0.
tfVn .Vran>Jeco-.-...V 0.6 . O. 0 . 0 Af^l ;
¦: -.•i-i<k«* nit* '¦• '; .:-. ,i •:<•¦ i;0:-i- ; o;.i.a l—o^
.-• »Eait^d. ipr Gcc'hiiaiier. in ninth. '. ¦ ¦: • ..- . i.
;,' : .:'"•- ¦"•SL'M^IART..;-;'- . ., '¦•¦ V" . ' /' '"j
V :¦ fegles? . l«Be5VAr^.ers6c;' '.- Mear.v : .- f-Jrwlw t
":".'. ¦•.':;¦¦ '*- '-Va'-iSc Coast League.) • ¦
.¦.•'?.'-¦¦• ¦.¦•¦"-'¦¦ -\v. l. ivt-C. " • . v.-. C vit, {
[;?m "'.'iT.-a- ;,;.•..-.:;«., 2* .•uoo.Oiklana .... >vt :r; .'4'0
¦"I"- ¦.¦¦f.\r^eics.:s-2. •'.•.•».. STl'Sati'. Iran.'. ..-J7':« .44:;
fcV.attle. '. ..-. .Z£ . V> ill Portland .'. . 23 3S-.3T7
': ¦'' y|4o,r;pi.ei - .'Vt'heeler. gave tbe only' DOc
N.evc-ton a fipbi yearterday* that had 'em
'.•j»yl' : -.Tr6ndcr;.risj. The. twtster-. from the j
:t:'(>a'ch^ya.s ¦wonderiug, tpo. and he drew. I
.ns.irce; and easy breath^ until, the otie
fihiat.; settled -it all was enti-ed-. over the;
.jpih- In--.the 'final spasm. • Score: Lbs I
iVrisP]-eS";.?an Francisco I.-.. • ' -.•;.(
:Ar.d :ppriiaps a- little good coaching i
:ri';.tiie' l.asit'hali .for.Vllie.; Seals ' rpijfht I
~ftaVe'-.:.riiade, 'a' difference. '.'• With . one ¦ in i
- j :he: : qfel-lir. ! Wheeler ;inade ..$.' nobte -effprt . i
; to;^^;';j^s'.;garhel; >"',Our .-to", the flagpal?: |.
leathivlv -.He.- reunded- "see-.i
¦ohda.nd.Ttas 'le.aririg ¦', into : third- \yheri' !
'ihf ;>ill.-landed'/tri;^niiiith"* ->nius:.>nd'j
AJc-orpie : v.'a^..out.'.;;H<ad- beeii- ; .;fectd-'.a.f ,
j6^£^\^^^i^i^^'.^[|^ty^^^t^"-^^^.*T :
b'egri tvon;-'.v '¦¦¦¦:'';¦¦ ' : y "s.K~'i-. '¦'-''.I '¦*"; i ''\ : ' : :"'^i0
Lowell High and' Litfk wlii. meet this
morning • on '• the same .' grounds ' and; a
go'od ga-me ; ls..expected.'--:Ix}weU ; has;irn-i
proved "in the last two:.w'eeks and.Tyhile;
Lick, is- expected to win. it is . by{ tto
means a certainty.- -.'. • :" ..-•- : ;. .;
The elevens representing Polytechnic
and . Mission" high-" schools, played, a"
snappy game of. football on the Pre
sidio grounds yesterday. Although the.
•scor.e iras-n-o in favor of. Polytechnic/
the ' game was. a hard-fought one' and
by no means .as 1 one-sided, as the score
Indicates.' From the. outset it. was .evi
dent Polytechnic would., win, but the.
Missioh_boys play.«d: a. stubborn game'
-throughout. '...-. •" ..." ..'
Polytechnic 'scored . the first touch
down- in lessitiarr.'flVe rnVnutes and it
looked as if the- gamfe would be a walk
over, .Mission' got the' -hall soon after,
the second Itfckc-ff and scored on a- trick
play." It the most spectacular. play
of. the season and Teas well executed.';
On ! a" fake .buck,' Aitken, Mission's right
halfback," sv-aa -giy>n the. ball: on a^de^
layed- pass,", and .^ent betvce.en.j.t^ckie'
and end- fof • f brty "yards, scaring : M.is
sion's on'ly.-pqinls'.-.--",:-: c" ;\ ...'.".: • ."•¦":.:¦-;
• Mission's 1 eridg .were 'a. trifle -Vt- .»k" and
Boafmari,. Polytechnic's-; s.'tar. half backj
made ; repeated sains- .around- .Mission's
left end: ¦ ' T^e .kickiog; - on . bbth '.sides
was' exceptionally; -' good. .-:. polytechnic,,
outpointed : ,iis -oppoiienis,- ;but. Mission
was- superior fn'handiing-'punts...¦P.flly
tec-hnic made several" costly' fumble.s-"qc
the ..score would < prebabiy^. have"/ been
larger. They : scored twice in the flrist
half,. While Mission scored bnc>. Bonif
field-kicked: the ' first.. gpal..butvmlsse.d
.the second. • Mission ' had a; hardj.try
for goal and failed: .'•;:¦. . ". '•"'¦¦> .' -' : .
•. It was a"hard flgh.t in thesecond'half
and- Polytechnic, had ail it could do to
score. <aifie. Mission fought for. every
inch "and :at ;the "call of tfme-had: the
ball on Polytechnic's twerity-yatd line.-
Bonifield. kicked an easy goal. . .Hiaking
the.8cor# It-5'ih" favor of .Polytechnjc.
Terrlli" played ' a ..fine- 'defensive: /game
for Mission- arid b;uekedi . ihe.-Hne^ welL
The. team's iined iip; : a^; follows.: •-.-..•.•- y\
' • PolytechtiieJ , "' ' Position;- •' • .- ."'. ¦'• -MJasioh.-' .'•
Danilcer- Short. . L. E; K.. ... ;,..-.". ;.¦.. : '..Pepler
Garibaldi. . .' '. X : .' T. B. i.\l,\. i.: -K- -'Tretton
Anderson . . . C- '.'.-. .t- : "G.- it .¦ -. .- ... Stafford; {Capfc*
Savage ..-.•; . ,, f . ..:C. . . .'. . .V. .%•. ::::-. .."-, Suttdn
DOnlfleld.;.-. ,.:.-R- G. 1*. .-.->,...•.. .Pownlft^
Reardbn:.. ;'..-. lii.R.T- P. ! «»>»»>'» J.FI^njHi
: McK*T«Je (Capt.)R.- E.' l>. . •: . ; ..U . . . -.' .Ixwrie.
Sanriders ...:>... :., Q.. .<t, ...i... :.:;..-. <X- TerrfU
Baarman.; . . . .:¦ , • . L,. H. 1%: . . . : .". i,V- • •-- Aitken.
Martin . . ; , R." H- Ii - . '..: ". -...-. . . I^a . Cpafe
.Edwards..- . ... F-" ..;..,...:;.•.,.;.'... -I. •:.:¦..•..,
• Scor?r-Polytechhlc.-17,. MfMlpn'St.- ; TiHJ«- of.
halve*— ?3 minutes. ... ' : " ¦ ¦„¦' . "¦.' •' •'•"
• • ••
Aitken Pulls Off a Pretty
Trick Play/ Majdng Only
Touchdown for His Side
K&tK- Pitdier Roiinects for
: ;f .Poiiiile. but Is Caught '£vy-
S-iH^to Uo tu Third Base i
VICTOKS SCORE TWICE
The big passenger/ana freight steam
er Enterprise will jtart from' Howard
whaff Xd. 2 this afternoon for Hilo and
Honolulu. Sh«* will not only be loailed
down with cargo but .-will have a long
sea to*- as well. The ship Marion
Chi'.cott hesbeeb fitted with tanks and
converted inter an -.oil She is
loaded deep with crude oil, and a short
age of Ihiat fuel- in Hilo apd= Honolulu
makes' it r.ects^ary that the Enterprise
get her charge to '.the islands with all
dispatch- . ••'•-.
mm cham;e sailed
Steamer Sheridan
•f Is Bound for \ ;
\ • . The East:
Bival iligli-.Sdioof Elevens
Indulge in Lively Fight
• on the. Presidio Grounds
fights the i
v t)ii^ '¦')$$:. X^vimi \ and 1*
Just . Barely \ :Xo8o(l Out
ANGELS WIN
IN THE NINTH
MISSION TEAM
MEETS DEFEAT
FREIGHT STEAMER ENTERPRISE WILL TOW THE
OIL-LADEN MARION CHILCOTT TO HONOLULU
THE -.SAN-. FRANCISCO. CALL,- SATURDAY, OCTOBER 1, 19041
7
T EItTISElLE^•TS.
¦~Z ' » — | Positively cured by
f*ft DTTDv thcsc Littl8 Pills «
Kifvn tre.s.s frm Dyirrcpsia, I3«
• *?uP IJlLE ' dl^tloa and Too ne'art j
Is ' B \/ 3T S5 E 11^^ A perfect rein-' •
9R jLy i 7"£"- ctfyforTA=lncss.Xansefi. .
• fi.PlLLSa. I>rowsliics3. Bad Tasta '
¦ Jra, rj?g ' '^ tio ilout.1. Coated
Tratrne, Pain 'n the >?'1p.
1 . . ItoHPID- UATEn. Tbe7
rsgtilate tie Bcrxcla. Purer/ Vogctaole.
SMALL PILL SMiLL DOSE. SHALL PRICE.
jartersI CK HEADACWi -
-.-^irTTiE 'Gsiiaipe Must Bear
H IVER .Fac-Simi!e Signature •
:, I PILLS. . ;2 ._->•»
j Coriotxhoea- and XTrljiary Dlscharses."
I '-" ' ' - " ' " . *
jfP^2& v Va v^ C3 By i !B7*»
. '" A CURE IX 48 HOURJ5. ' . ~"7
¦"¦¦ -jj^^kEv^ry Woman
¦ B2I\'\A,MnV about tae wond^rfTil '
¦fiwlSttWiSnH MARVEL Whirling Spray
1 V\V*S5'jS^S^*yi Tb » n*^ *»«•«» *jttmf<i. /iy«f. ;
\^SCtxCi5L.^L . fionan-cC S-urtion. -bMr--!af. . .
"-. >«k- vo^3 ri^^CTv^__ fc Mt— Mo»t ConTealeat.. -
- ; ' v -yT-T«^>*^y ¦'*W'7ys ucu*M««iMi»»ti7.
ilk y»«r Antt*** SrK» ' y(^ ¦ AS, •" "'' -. Vr*?^***
. If h- cnhhov iuppty tip. ¦'5^ fxEy^TTw^J^ '
- cfUi'r, butmbil «faunp for' ' ,SK ¦ rZ*:'?/& , .
¦ lUnntr'»t«Jbo«li:-»«li4; ,ItglTe» • \V /
¦ fdliparv;eal>r»»hd directions in- • AJi7/- • m ¦
raluibU taUdies.- M.tRVKI<CO^.T-7g/7.'-'. -M . ¦
41 farkH»Tf, Xet* mark.. ; ... **«ils^.\. ¦
152 JSeVMontgoHHiryJ San Franeiicoj Cat' "* V
William .Hattetota 4t<adie9" Des't.).. 224 .-Sutfrr.-
. Union l>nj£- Co... 4CX) Sutler and- 10O. Stockton..
Os;ocil Brothers... .Tth and Broadway. OaUaad.
Ba kharln Pharmaqr. . . .v. ». j.'. : . > . : ; . : .-.-tu> .EUia
; Vi^W Dr v Oi]bboii'f Dispensary,
g^~j£h G'29 UEAKXY ST. Established" .
HPil i^J6l I ' rI ' 13 '* for the rrlv»t»'
' W !i\'5tf* bi.wswe*.'. Lost Map nr>»4. PeWllty.oe
i^^SSaSi ! '""' a *"* wearmgon boayaminilnd ariri-.
Skin I)i^»-!«'se* : Tii9' Doc tor «ir«>«wli«a'
others fail.: Try him. ch.uc''' L>t*..
L^£a£aK3£34'Hre'« tnar.-mlffd. t'»ll or wrl;«.
-,l>r» J. r. «8ICBOX^«a:i Frar-laco- Cai:. . . . ;.;.
•; ':-.;;-; : :¦::;. 6<m\^/:tiL\ih^Z{h :^V ; -
• "yfiCfN. - : ..'"' ¦..'Steame.r*'. lea^eV ¦ BrtJadwajr'
• l/Ov^-^SJV '.'*l ! a rv e»"-:<i |!e !f*J ¦"¦&'¦ "»ad ';l.l)j
• /95^- '•^i\'--San' .Fra-ncisico:-'- V.":; ¦ .-' '•:¦¦.:»
! /•V-Tfcy* 1^ Vn 1- > l " ' ' Ketchiicjin, r- '¦¦'Wran'jJri. ¦¦¦
I I Vw^a II TuneaM.: : . Hainea. PR.iiru*y.
1. 1 \ yBmi^A t I etc;,. Araska.-7-U *.:¦, «,. pcib''
1; " Cnangentb-.t'nis <Gm'&any'»'
ifeamer* .a't'-.S*»tfl«».-.-. . . ... • .
': .;¦ >>^5>^r ..-.; ' ; ;. -For ' ,-yictprla,; ' .'.yancouyer,'
: P6r.t "Townsend.. •¦.Seattle.-- ¦ t^tebma^.- . Eyerett."
Squfh "-B^QihK'b'arn." .BeUingh)im--il? «-.m;.. .Odt. 3. .
:7.'-12.- 17.' 22,;2T,>JoVv I.-.' -Change, at Seattfe'-t-iJ
this "compaay'sste^imeirs.rcir Alaska'. a-nd -Cu";!*.--
Ry. :"'at .S-eattle- or Tatonsa ' to.;>". 'F. ..Ry: :' at
y«nc<jtjve.r.to"Cil f. V&i.:-" i-'- .-.•'•; ; : *»", ( *-vv".' ''•'•' "
| ' For Eureka 7-Hu'mboldt." B?y>-^PDmoha. ' 1:30
p- m October i. '.7. : t.>. 19.' 25. Sl ; . Xpv,-«,
r«'orona. lira*"* fa.. October- 4.. 10, 16.. 22.! '28.'
t soy.r.y '. -..--. ;•.¦.-*•:.; = ¦,-¦.-. •;.¦;;¦ ¦:-':•..¦:-•¦.-: ;',
' .. -F"<Jr Ixie AngeleS. fvia Pert Xfls. AnjceI<-» and
IJ*doHdo>: -San' Diego, an3- §anta,- Barbara— r
iSanta Rosa. ¦Sunday*.'** a.'.-in. ' '... ¦¦¦'.••'.'":"• '.' ]¦.
State.' of CaHfo'rnla % ."Thura<JaTs,. 9.'a;."in. •' • ".
-'For Lc» Angeles (via pan .Ped.r«> ahd.Kast
San Pedro).- Sari.ta-Earbara... Fanla. Cru*.' Mbn-
-tfrsy.Pan Simeon.. Cayuro%- Pcirt. Harfbrd.'tSaa
Luis Obi»pb>, Ventura a nil -iluen»Th;e.'.", . - .- •
Bonrta. 0- a. in., October 9i3*.T8.'. ?t(V JfaT. 7. .
•• Coo«r Pay., .9 a, m..; October 2. 10^, 1&- 35,'
Nov.. '3. ••.'¦¦ •'• ¦:¦.'¦¦ ¦' .S .'."-¦'.¦¦¦'• .' '• .- % ' -
For EnsenadaV Magitalena Eay. Sah Jose £el
Gabb. Maxatlan. ¦ AUata. : Li Pax. . Santa . Ro-'
iaJia. Guaymai» f'Mex.>. -Wa. in.,- 7th: each" m6.
¦ For further, information : obtain fpMer. Right
Is reserved to iliange-ntejamers- or sailing dates. '.
,. TlCKIi; OTTJCS8 — -4 New. Montgom-
ery st. t Palace Hotel), lf>.Srarket-Bt,;and Proarf-
way wharye*.' PrefcrW OEco 10 Market st
: C.. D. prXANX, General Passenger Agent,-
• 10 -Market '»%.', San Franciscd.- •.•;•.'¦.'•¦ ' '.' "
. The- PaciHc Transfer Co.^ 20- Sutter St.. will
•'caiH-f'cnr-. and- .theck baggaKe'..'from".lu>tela' and
.residences; T;ete'phone Kxchange 312. ;¦ : ¦*. .
'•-'- Plymouth— Ch erbonrx — Sonthamirtoa.
• -" :From. New.'.YorK; -Saturiiax. -»:30a. m.
Philadelphia.-. '..Octv:»fNe.w York ;.:-.:>. Oct.- 23
Germanic^ . . . : .Dct, ¦ 15. St.-. ".PSnil. . . j ..Oct. .»
. ATLANTIC TKAKSPOaT XJOTS. ' •
". '•' ¦ Hrw- :Tork-^-I.ondon Direct. •¦'.-•
Mnn'eapl3.Oct.9.4:Si> pm |-Mnnetonka,'Oct.a2,-4 ptix
MarqUette.Oct.lS.- 9 am |-M«saba: • Oct. 29, 9 am
: : .. ¦ r '.jioiiaXClO'Xt'XiIXE.'-- •¦ '
Montreal — liiTerpobl— -$in>rt -aea' ]?assag*.
Canada.. .- . . ; % . . .Oct. • 81 Kensington »; . . ".Opt. 23
South wark...-..Oct, 1.5 1 Dominion. ...».Oct. 23
'•V ¦:¦¦;.'¦¦- -Kiai stab Lisrr. . .- *
New .fork — -Antwerp-H-London.— Paris. '
' Calltnc at Dover for London and Paris.
FTom.K<!wTorlc'. .Saturday*^- at 10:30 .a. ia.
Zealand.:. .:.... Oct. '81 Vadej-land. s ,.'..Oct.-23
FlHlahd'. , : . -. ¦';".» .Oct. ; 15! Kroonland . . ... . . Oct. 29
','.'..¦ . VfUl'IU ' STAJ6 T.I n b. -
Wew Tork— Qneenrtown— Tttwrj>ocl.
i- „:'¦¦¦.¦ " • Sailing ¦ 'Wedpesdays.
MaJeatlcOet. 12." lO.ami Arabic. Oct. 31. 8 pm"
Cedrtc' v>ct- "14. -9 amjTeutoaic.Oct.2a. 10 am'
Oceanic; Octl 1». .2 pm 1 CeUlc. Oct. 2S. 7 am
'--' Boston— Qneen«town«— UTexpool,
•Cymric.'.. -.-.-.^,...i. •-•'"• --lOct. 13. Nor. IT
ITEW SERVICE FBOU BOSTOV.
: ' - Tart' Twia r S«rew Stauaers •• -
'.¦¦¦- 'Of 11.4OO' to 15.OOO Tonu. - .
NEW .YOS3C. -AXTD BOSTON DXKXCE
.. : . .' ¦ , Tp the Mediterranean. .'.
Via Azores," Gibraltar," Naplea, Oeao*.
•: .':?.¦•- • FROM NEW YORK.
REPUBLICf.-.*Oct. -2O."JDec. 1. Jan. If; Feb. 29
C*RETlCt.'.-i.Nov:-.V- Dec." 12. Feb. 4, AJarca 18
. ; * .. • - FRO3T BOSTON "
CANOPie/ Oct. 8. Nov. 19 Jan. T. Feb. IS
ROStANIC-.-Oct. 29. Dec. 10. "Jan. 2S. Mjit. 11
CD- TAYLOR. Pasaenger Agent Paciflc Coast.
. ' • 21 Pest «t.. San' Francisco. .
TOYO Kip KA1SHA
%'" y.- (ORJEICTAI. STEAMSHH* CO.V
Steamers will leave Facinc Mall wnarf, cor-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAILV and .HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Htogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
I. connecting, -at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of na!l!ntr.
S. S. AMERICA MARtT
"tVednecday. October 19. »O*
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421" 3*arket street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
S.^S. AtiAMETJA. for Honolulu. Oct. «, 11 a.ra
H. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Oct. 2<>. 11 a.m.
S.. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 20. 2 p. m.
I.D.SMCXELStBEOI CO.. IZtS-.THUtOaKSO'lir-
tti Fnigut Office 329 Mm a., Pisr 7. Facil; li
C0EFAS5IE GSNERiLS TSA53ATL15TIQaS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS _/.»»•
Eallin? every Thursday instea-i of -*V\^Pp
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier ti. ~rvsy-
North River, foot of Morton st. ¦¦
Ftrst claa« to- Havre. S70 and upward. Seo-
ond class to Havre. »45 and upward. CBN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A_NI>
rAVADAX Broadway (Hudson bulldlos>.
New Tork J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
' Arenta 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
.Tickets', sold by all Railroad Ticket * Agenta.
TO IU. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
. STEAMEP liT CORCORAN
Leave, i. T.l. Clay «:." N *nd of Ferry bid*,
dallr' »'3O «- »•• 3 " nd * p - m - Sundays.
n^SOaT ro . 8 p. m.. leave Valleja daily «:5O
a m 12:20- and 5::«>"p. m. Sundays 5 p. m.
Far«"2s£. P.", A- G. Co.. Phone Main *4U
. »Saturdays excepted.
¦TOt XT.. S.' 2?»vy Yard and Vallajo.
Strs. General Frlsble; Monticello and Arrow.
9-45a.m.V 12-;U0p.m.. Siiap.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.
ji Leave San Franctsco Sundays 0:»5 a.m .
l'>-3f>p.nj. «p.m.. 8:30 pm.. L«ave Vallejo. 7
• a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:SOp.m.'. 3:15 p.m., •; p.m. Sun-
days » a.m.. <»:»> ptn.. tt p.m. Pter 2."
' ft. Mission at.; phone Main 13OS. HATCH BROS
• AD\"ERT1SEMEXTS. '" • ' ' - . "' '^..
" • , ¦ '"' • • .• '• .
ISninn , , Qniif horn Pcsnifin
Round Trip, Chicago via St Loqis, $72.50
St Lofiis Tia Salt Lake and; -Denver, $67; 50
\ . : THROUGH .CARS, StOPQVE^S/ :, : • '''¦¦ ;
, '-'. • •"." :J- :?This Is,-&e'.Beirt.T^« ; o|^--Y^ : . ' ; v- : V :
I Its! :-^'S^iCK.iiT3.':b^^ M#£
- ; > -\ .. - - 28; 29
• • ~" ' • '-..¦• 'Bv ?.^BbQTH,.Q«B*r»JAirrenik,- u."p.'».'iu'' ¦.''-.'.;: •". •':'• . : v -
?fc^^f^a * T^ r '. : : '• • 1 Kontfoiaenr fetrott,. • "'•'•'-• • ..
"..' '¦'¦'¦' " • .-';, ¦ -. Or Any ¦ontkwn F«>otfio Acacat. >. -. ..V" ¦ '• ¦"> • *V. . '...«..'¦ '.'A ; Be.rkeley ; . professor has written a treatise upon the smelling
organs of. the flea, but this part of the creature's anatomical economy
is.not the one' the. great public is most interested in.
AuhtleT-What^ar^-y oil going, to do
with: that- hatchet? '{'I'h. ¦:¦'¦',' l >: .V '
:; 9obbierr^3binrg to.cut dc/wn that bush
ma found the baby. under. •: ; 0:
>,» '..-,. -.- .•••¦•:•...¦ " :.;-; •';..:, >.
••. Alka.li'P'ete^-TVhat's the'ge'here ballets
they .do at: the ibtfayters-?. '• Anything
like an I»jUn- war .dance? . ' •• •
. fialdhead— SiThliat. .The front" tier is
the .best place to see ; either of 'eni *
;. He— I. sent Mies Jonsoris.o'me^ flowers
by a messenger, but t; don't; wan't'-'her
to get 'eni tjll to-mprrbw. n'b you 'think
he'll eet them therein -time?' '
• Sher-Yesi if he. hurries! ..'•'••'
The "Blind" , Man (reading)— Now;
dat'8 what I call nerve! Interfqrln' wjd
a man's business. Dis paper says dat
all de ¦ blind beggars hev got '. ter ' hey
their slcht tested! ¦ ... ; -
•.:'; /The^^ truthful Chef u. correspondent is at it .again with the' story
that t^e Russians;, crush tlreir .. assailants before the walls of Port
Arthur by rolling bean caT<es down. on them: : The men of Nippon
may thank whatever gods, ihcre be that the bakery doughnut, is not
a staple of Ivan I vanovitch's. diet.- : •"....: . -' . .
"-..'; A bird fancier antTgame cock breeder has recommended a, swiiig-
afe. fighting chickens. A folding
bed --of .-•uncertain^mechanism would .probably sen*e to induce eternal
; CSThelioat&iiftfi^th Jhas tabooed the "Rufchertowii shrimp. Too
;j^^^^^€&lsv^9tnf^|m^ •crustacean cannot, be induced to regulate
: &s'^iei;;'^bng:'s^lia|^ liiie;s : and thus remajij io favor, with epicures.
V.- . : ;.V If a rich :racih^ martVcair^s-to pay.$i35:a day to. live at the: new
itis his right. Think, too,
haw hip, presence : : : wil][;raise-th'e.s^i^"tbne bf tiie fi<3stelr.y.' : .'•
../¦;^J.ust think of those- good, kiiwl .gambling'; men of Portland who
;^y$/^s^*a > -pi^^^-'^akeria < .*t>3nsumptive dog" to Arizona! How
jtoany of thiqm Svould.dd- fhe same thing for their wiyes ? • : ' .
A.church of- solid coral Is a curiosity
of . the" Isle pf Mahe.'. This island, ris
ing 3000 feet. Is. the' highest "of the Sey
chelles group in the Indian Ocean* and'
its buildings arc all from square, blocks
hewn". from massive coral and; glisten
ing like 'white marble. . • .'¦ - '. •
Chtireh of Coral.
Where tlie .Toothsome Peanut Grow&
The largest peftnut flerds in the vyorld
are . supposed to-tJe. in .Guiana, oh "the
north- coast of 'S.puth- 'America.: .. There
they ..are grown;.b;y. h'undrpdk of;, tons.
The quality, fs .infertb'r/ Jhbweyer, and
the bulk' is ahipped' to ... Marse.iUes.-.in
France-." • ..'..'¦' ". - ¦ '• •• ' -. ' -: . .; .-. .. •' ;
•i-- ': '-.'. •.'¦"•••:•'.¦•.""'•••:¦' : : ¦.'¦-¦' , : - '.'"'" ": ; ':t
Fi'O^e j Irs Intligc^tlon.
¦ Scientific investigation has: <3isco:yei - ed
that 'that troublesome,:: di&ease, rryspep
sia. ;can b«j eured by short intervals pf
exposure ; to- Intehke Vciild;; foilpwed ; .by:
.Hearty eating, •;;'M....'.-Ra.b«iV.''jPicte't; a
Sxyiss scientist; : prpSiucetl ah:
'tetap^ritur"e s 7of.^^^«6%Vi4d|an*4'ii'6(>^^
gi-eesbeioVv zero, in ;ii : pi^Z-Me'then-. ex.r
pogeij- .himself • for a -b.'rief ' interval to
thi$ temperature.' by.'. k-iyering .himself
ipto. the ttif. On ernerginshe. says he
found, himself • intensely- "huhgry^ The
process was 'ut-peated several times and,
as" a result, he . declares he .was., curea
of chronic .indigestion,, from which .he
had '.suffered- for "years.— New •. iork
Worlds. • ..- --. ' ; . . . -.., •".'¦ v ¦••
For. Your Aclihig" Tooth.
. Toothache .hiay" be'. cured .by pjacin?
a small piece of nutgalUnside'the' hoi-'
low tQotti, This destroys, the nerve Of.
the toothy T-he riutgalrcan be .had from
a chemls.t. /Tak^Vit <)utdf-4;he. tooth
and replace after one; hour. -.;..- ¦ .
BIG - TREES —^V. ¦ B,, ; De) Mbrite/
Qai.. There is.no such- thjng ¦ ; " the.
official measurement, of ¦' the . largest
redwood trees, found, in- Caltforhia.'.*'
• The big itreei .: of . California- are . th>
giants of theBig Tree <5rOve of £al*-'
¦ ve.yas. County -.and.' tnbse ..of.-.th;£...^ar.li.;
.^osa- Grove.- ; In" the. f Qrjca'ef .tKe'.';lWrg.e$t
tree 1 , found:- therji \ .'la ' .-¦ thf "; v ; .'iEveystoae
¦?Uttff-.^:5riet"- :^^^K.^"'^^jriWto»'
: urira5.'jslx Xefet ;aT5oye;.'ihe:^o^nSc-ji3>
**|et. In -elrcujiiference* ;-.. "In- -tn'e --¦ 5Iajrlr'
pdsa Grove-.there •• Is. '-.&¦• tr.ee'; iiwttiirfe
¦jneasures 1 $.3 .feet .in;'.clr'cilJnipare'i3£ijbV^i :
a^tn* pleyien
te^t above* the! ground;.' •..Irt : tn9';-^ir«sfi»
•grpviB. th*re;ls a trye\th'at.meaSi^ei^l
feet in ctrcupiferenrtf.- :' ?¦'.¦¦'•'¦ '/• :.-: v ' : v"V.
KINDERGARTEN rj~* -Subscriber..
CityJ In .San • Francisco there : " Js-'.-'a.Tcin
detgartcn. training, scljobl,-iti-.which,
thbi5e who desire to engage In ¦ kinder^:
garten ..work 'have to 'go- through: a
course before they, can obtain a. cert iti-'
«ate that ¦will entitle them ta teach lii
such schools. There are several kinder.-:
garten schools In. Oakland,, and tihiesa
the : correspondent names th^.. one- in
formation is desired about this depart^
ment cannot answer the. question asked.
• :¦' # I5TSi>j?-A|fCE^?;--: S-H^I^'-^^Sciri.lre/
¦^hv''-\^-e:-ajjfl9tionv;wkea;^ ;?eKif|i^t6; :
''ijijTOranV:<Es''ah^;';8;iiip - tia«s-.:p^.ihe.;ftati^--:lt»^
sufed.- • dep« n ds :¦ on f th e; ina trir*; ;of a the
would^depend ', : .^ upofi ¦': the v <;~Qn.^rtion .jof
inind at- the '..•time p.f.'self-rnurder: and;
it. would '¦¦.¦fe'au'ire; a" JiiaicUii : "determin-;
atlon before the tfuestlq'n . of : the • corn
pany's respohsibility cbuld" be . deter
•mihed.:-':- 1 - ¦',..'•¦¦.. ¦-.•-• ':¦:. r '.-. ¦- / : -- '•.•'..-.'. *V\Vj •
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
To, .'which -rhlgh-t-be- a.dde'd:; .T'unctuS
aUty .Is the polftene.ssJ ¦of.kingsr-ie.tU'
be of \vbmeh.7ePllgriiin:; -. ¦ ' ' ! .'.' ' •,¦¦'¦
; A . woman's club Jn . Kansas has Ihe
fotldwing commandments . printed .fn.
thi?! ' yearly -'.calendar:', y ! - : ;": ::•¦'. ; :'
-.; .;' i*--THbu sha'ltnave; no other cldb-sbfir
;fpr.e 'th(!s- <me % , \ .. \ "".''',"
t ' •ilr-Thd.u-i-s.b'ali hot worship ''¦ any lalse
thing; 'ii: : '\-_ ¦.!-='.= .¦¦¦• ¦< -- : •' V-, : : : •/ '.. >-';: : ::y ¦¦¦'¦':': \
¦'¦. %Xl-frRimexA)>e.t. :.th ; y. i club .;.etig^S'^
:rnents:v-^:";. :: --; : ':-. v --.-;'': ;; - :\ ; .:'"^-: : ;
'¦'.'}¦ v - : '
. • ,' V^Thou Shalt' not itriurder. the. Ring's
:¦¦ '\ \- '.' .; '..-' ; :••:::.: ',- : -^:.V.rf (. ¦'..-.¦
> yiAXhouishait not. cbvef oirlee, ¦'¦;. -..•
;Iliil'c9 of a Wbninn'si Club.
The' family of one; of the well-to-do
citizens of pxifotdi it-. '$£.{ while, sitting
tfndex a; crab apple. tree- a few. -days ago
Were' atitracied ..by. an ; unus.ual.-.r us tl ing;
Gverneadv- ; .%.']: ... ':¦'¦];¦' •;:-] :: : ] '¦.''
''¦ Inyfistigatibn: revealed • fifteen. fuU
si zed : fats- gathering, the crop, and ear-;
ikying ! tfie apples-' a'crbss' an
ized bridge built 16 fhe house and from
there, through' a hole. . gnawed, through
the . ; si<le: of th.e .house- into the attic,
where a', large quantity of fruit v. ; as.
laid- away for . winter use,— Boston
Globe. - : : • ¦ ' / • '¦ •;:. . :
Rats Gather Ci-aii ' Apples*
On ; the I^ji^h Valldy : Boad.
aiycriit ;&: ;pjsn;rtsyivahi* JSuiiday ichooL
yt'^oun^ lady: with philanthropic: tmi^
tlVes; was teaching a dpzefl br two little
bneS;;ln; : the:inlniiig. district."^ : : >-. ; ; -n 4 ;
¦¦¦V : ."KiQW,' ; - Whjere; did^i:vtedj;:yipU;;th^ ¦ Sky^
ipf "..; was 1 borii?": itoe; asked one: mora^
:.';¦• ? :-'\ : v.; "¦':'¦¦:'¦/' -:-••'¦:;. Yl :¦;.'; '-::y* '¦'¦.'' "]'¦¦.'
;;: : v*Allent6wn! > '' : :: shrieked - ; -atV-grtni^.'.'tJ-'
: - :.:;•'.- ; ; ;.::;. :'.: : :;-.^;.;-. : ;;¦¦;;¦. ¦:':•; =*.ri
"Why, iwhat dp you rneani Johhriie?
.1' told yduVhe^^^ was i bbrii at .Bjethlehem."
, .; '.'.Wjell;": -f epiieii Jbhnniey. "I- knowed
'twuz; -Some ;place. on de Lehigh.yaljey
railroa&V--.N(e\vr York, Times; : ; .: ',
£ore 6t;3Iuslc Costs life.
,; So devoted .\yas a , young Jlllaii
musician :.t<>" practicing on the 'cfillo
that- the. constant, pressure of the -in
s.tr.ument .on, his leg ; lid to : hon6 djs
easei:. The' lirrib. had ta be amputated
and death rfisuj.ted. from the ihbefc. :
are explained' -ThxiSriaecbrding to Lady
the slumbermg* . iindeflnite ; thirst for
pc^slble.'.b:^p^nesi^''-'ItVt&rture^;^witii;.*HS'
grays and . ptnks, i ts flush of • peeper; rbse
here' and theire, the tint of apple bloom,
whjch would: hoid arid'torment and'en.-'
rest ol spring.*'. Prpbabty the strong.*'
-esy : ';-emo.ti[prt0';::p'rpdd'ced'^^:vk^^^H^ij^
enced^ .oy'.the : hiwbahds pf fathers who
have, to \ pay 'tor^thern. '¦; fqr they come
: Jh^^^^^^M^;j|i^;^:^^f^£^.^a'4q^E|i«
pathetic $hoea aha hystierlcai hat*. ¦ /
>yiU be. popular (Itiring: the '•• corning sea
sbpi. : where, .competitors: .in ravishing!
gb>\.hs wjii; be\vU<-'h ait. behold efs.: -, ;.- . f
thtng-.is. the "ernotiaiiai gG\yn.'' Just j
h>w gowns csn. express emotion -is ;¦
something; pf a -mystery to the ordl-|
nary: miud/but/it is . :ndne : to: M r s w !
Brown letter and .Lady Duff -Gordon, j
Avhb, under the style, of '?Lucile's"" runs [
an : urtra..-fa«5hionablg , dresBmakins es- j
tablishment in Hanover squarei antl.|
finds lieV. title a* most valuable business |
asset..: iirs 1 . :Broi\yh. .Potter is to appear
in . ; # '.enibtl0nal ' gowns" designed '. by
Lady puff-Oordinn .-iri her forthcoming
production of Madame; Raoul^Puyal'B
ooniedy, "The Golden Light.". 'It is said
they, will mark "by. theif , ciarves. cojdrs
and •' textures'* "the-'nibrai changes. ih the
heroine as' -the; play proceeds:- That
win be a new - problem for ' the dra
matic critics ; to tackle >vhen the . time
coines,; but meanwhile Sirs.. Brown
Potter is getting a good "ailV out of
the Idea and Lady Duffr-Gordon is coln
iner money put of It.. At Lucile's she
has had a room iBxed.. up as a minia
ture, theater, on the stage, of which
lovely models make their appearance
arrayed In "emotional gowns.*' For the
heherit of those who are not up in this
minihery color cult a booklet- is sup
plied, in which their, mystic '..meanings
;¦ IT', 0NP0N.' : Pepl. -. lO.^Iri f eminine
I : 'sweildom; -. the \. latest. ... :i$.
• I ; ; swinging : as an athletic .exercise,;
of cour8Q..the faphioriabla'phy
sician has : 'c.onie : forward : with anln
dorseitient of it. Iler declares that it is
an ideal physical exercise; that. :t ren*
ders' the. mu$cles deltghifiailv . : 'supple-,,
.inipro'ves .a- woman's; figure, ancl car-,
rlage and imparts a p>etty tint to her.
complesriaii; ' Jfiut If.is on; other' grounds
that it appeals to the vanity of fash
ionable young; Women; . it. enables: thoin
at one and; the same time to- give dis
plays ; of j prowesiB rand* effective; dresses
arid.be\\-i.tchin& 'gi.Im.p9es. of pretty an
kles: It }s. ssLid that : •'swinging: teas"
THE "EMOTIONAL GOWN" IS THE VERY LATEST THING IN DRESS CREATIONS IN DEAR
OLD LONDON TOWN, WHERE, TOO, FASHIONABLE FEMINITY HAS THE SWINGING CRAZE
V ; --*'A:nna the ';= AdyenturesSi": \\;hich Hisi appeared -seriallv for the
[(^^^l^^^^^llVi^^i^ipiuid^di VThe ritit navel to ; kppe&t.
r^0i^^^^^^S^i^^^^^^^^(^'^ K has been .e?i-
:by; Eastern/ critics^ it has already, sup
cceded in exciting 'jtiote. than;^pVdinary interest- in literary circles. ; :
; 'C Ia^ ie ; C^elli; :in licr v^espOnsUiility of the. Press/'- de^ls! in her
keen;and- satiric^ {vrohlenis of the
and tlie disadyahtages of tfje press, ; arid inciden tally gives, the critics
.alrap- 6r:fw6^ v :-< : ::;'v>:::">> ; rV/: ; ;: - ';: : .-;^ : [y.r../. ¦ :'. ; \.;..- - ;.; - , : ..; - : . ' .¦ '¦¦ j
W0MfS^4j^0^i^ii^mi iri: Ms; .''Adventures : of Reuben,!' is. as
<-^s 0^Xier - ~ind':.ttje:t5wly^fiiilt-' to' i>e-. fouitci' is that his
;li^TO^fct(>yers: ;^HKV."itrt?itailcc>/.-n {' :i|f tl e"'- :! r tiiajri arid takes
ihoriie; where •; he : c^n;:be -properly, cared fc>r: . Jerome K:
:^^' :^~^^^%.i^^jl^ t his -unrderstandirig- of
tiature;; an4 :^T>s^caii?iitic^yeiTi2£r]vs.: bnVlhej "sjayci" ;<juQstio*ii are
*^j^J^^j^^^^ti5eV|W5ln^;^iiity sple'iTdiid reatTing -as . \Vcil.V- K\
: Heron.' Maxwplb si^c
sto^^^'^^sollationi;;; :hy jsejth; i^fdon v'/VB^dge' o£- Service,^, by
Fras.fe/H^ -S>y'ect:i il^^^r'STj'ni^'^.'^ii^j^etpt^/* b vHerb^rt' McB'
i^hn^ph' :.; . .':^iiteidi VV^hear!^
¦;Bo^?i|^S^^^i^^V.Wmte* ¦!and'.."-\s. It Hhppencd : On. the
pfe>i^i^^^^^J^^:Bar^a^atrc all tempting,- for iht .'authors Mia. ve
nandled their ; Subjects^^;iri; .a derisrtitf.uiry- breezy fashion.- • '
i^ t^^^^^^^-^^fi: is a, page by;Augiista Prescott
SPfe?%J&^^i**?3®|KS§^^** S- Pg®e .dealing with trie trials, and
by. Madge 'Moore. " Besides this,, there is
'^^'y^^^^^^^^^JB^tt^^ysicA culture exercises by
pd^e of 'music printed in gay colors for .trie
childreri.andthe ever.pbpular puzzle page.. ' ¦". •
Magazine-section of; The; Sunday Gall : will. make its aiDbear;'
1 V an 5 ? J n Calendar Gir : l," posed- by. •
Grace -Reais,. to portray;. • autumn \vith ail its chariging
tints and. the genera cbmes the- first
playful gusts: of wind that Scatter- \he. gayly ; colprecl' leaves";fo' tlic =
ipur corners ; of tlie fearthv this is.pifly a 5tarter,\as itavere, for
the;; number is an ". unusually^ strprig one] filied' to the. b>i*n!\vith
agreeably diversified reading: matter." -.In every Ye^pect, both fea^ ;
ares and fictioh,yit is delightfiilly d^an and: wMeiorne; and cannot •
iai^t(> attract aiiid ho\6 the Attention- of every hiembef of the- house- ;
hold. , ; . : '-.."';V'Vv '¦:'¦¦':"';• ¦ : .'.:}"'--: : .-'. '•'v'^.--. •"-./-" ;; "::'•';•--•••'. •'".-¦".¦-''.-." '• ¦' ¦¦:' •:'¦¦¦ ¦"¦• :' : v •. : -;"|
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
.¦^..Skirts. -for, t&e • yoi^g:;glrl are .lackhig.
in. thai ;t [ashiona'ble f ullnie'sa arbtind; Uie
:J&^^!;.w^th6ut..whtich her ./elder sts'ter
would- .- feej ¦• lost, _\ says : - the ¦."Pashlcia
Wojridc : ; This idlatinctibn' tip Vfe : ';-^f|^C
the skirt- eerierally, applies :to i;the
ih; h^;''tee 1 h^^'.. : when .-the gQted.^skirt
is ) mos-t used. ' ¦ i These skirts": itf « seldoox
trlmmed r and if sp r quite simply, wh^n
long,. ' i?ery natro^e. , flounces: give; them;
the - proi?eT; flare.^ -.•'- The -newest \ cntfin
gwrey «kirtg i for the; very , ybuiig' woittah
co^ttts-;. of ;f txur gotes^ the ¦: bAckr •••'.«»#
gores: vers- . narrow. ¦¦¦..- ¦¦; ¦,.•¦_ ¦_¦¦ ¦¦:¦. .- -.. »-¦ . .- ¦ •/.- .^: -v.
The Yottiic: 'CSW-a' Skirt.
; A niost stunning waist seen recently
at a fashionable resort Was In bydran- :
gea crepe de chine of vague shapings
with the sleeves" and bodice cut . from
one piece, and no shoulder seams. The
whole .garment "was shirred around a
yoke ;pf :Ghiny^ lace, puUliied by a
flounce .\ot : laceV;The : dlstinguishltlS
feature ;;; of : the ; sleeve .was; : the ; fanc>'
jbutton thiat caught the f uH-nessr. wjikh
f ell ¦ beiowr pVer an e n gageAnte of lace.- :
A Sttihhlns ffufat.
Take: one; ana pne-'half pounds of the
round orany cheap cut c»f beef; Chap
It iQne ot. grind it In at sinalj meAt chop
per. Make into a cake/ jay on a piah
and dilst with^^ salt and ; pepper.- Add
two tablespboxis Vf water.' cover with
another pan and cook fifteen minutesi
in the oyen. then set the pan on. top
of the range, dUst the meat wtth flour,
sprinkle, with onion iuiee and «tlr: In
well; then serve very hot. '.;:'.< 'V / i '^v-
Smothered, tteef.
rials: far ; entire Vgowns- .aha .separate.
tiraists hi .tulle; pompadour, : a. charm fn's
cr.eia,tion. : This i • tttlle .' hai ; a • creaiH -or
>vhilt;e .background ! eoyered - with sprays
of deli'eately shaded, ftowers- :¦:}% •Is-'geti,.
eVa^yyJMitoii'i^r^3^e*'7«- ii'ningf of silX
or satin matchfris the _.•:^background (if
the niet • The ¦usual:. irirnrning is baby
arid large cimixxJ i : ;.^' :^}'-)^ : : : : r : ,-:.:.-'- ;::/
Tulle .Poihprtdour.
/Gold 'shredded fine Itice.; chlck^ri:
and' ; mired ; !ivith cabbage. • lettuce > ioir
Or; lettuce is' irSed- you can give it t.he
celery .; flavor by ustiik-' 1 a teaspopn ¦&£
:cele'ry;:seeidr:-- :..•.•;• .; /¦:'.'¦ o/ ; \ : ':-;v ¦;.•;;' %.-;•. ; -: "/':'':Z
Boiled Veal Salad.
Take «ne-fi>urtlr .poured of nice flgsi
chop Ane,. iw^;t^blespab;n-ai'.;B^g^;tht?e;
t6.blespoonai ":. topiUng- water,., oiie _t«ble
?pobn iertion iuiee, ; cook together until
ihlckV;'-:/-:' iA-? :; ;;y--"-::S----:Vv'. ; ;',;w
pilt I^llliiar for; Cafce.
rAoJalurlb AW1J itLuuiio.
(With Ap.olog.Irs to. Jlr. Davenport).
When we're looking for a leader.
..Let us try." and not forget. • •... .••'. "-.¦
While be- may be full of wisdom. '• J. ." • :
He must b« njnahfit "grit." ;. i • v ,-
If we find "the ma-n-we looked for,-: .•.¦.;.'
And we-thfnk: •¦"Him we can, trust.?
Wecah thchi T>roceea'.to. Scnd'hlm; • '• i-. t
- yOn to Washington pr'bust.*" ,-. .'".-.;
Mft6~: we have :Orte sciviare. and. honest;
• Qne.' who strikes, above' the -bf It.'; «->.v-.:'
i>& you know : the ' man' w-e -vouch 'fort
i ¦ Why. 'tis Theodcrre: :Ropseyelt;V . . : '.; : ;. ';¦¦¦
Teddy is ¦ thie .ma'ri .w.e'ye- chosen '• •'-• ¦ ¦' : . '•• : -
And elected h^.wili b^-\ y' •' '¦ '^C "¦
For the Even 1 n g S.Iail has - said soi. . ; ., ':¦ : ;
.¦ Sure! - "He's '., good: ' enoug'h- for. m«" ;.
•;"¦.-¦ ;:-¦ .;'.'-.¦ '-.'\:\i-'.-~':';i 'i^Gedrge; W. 'Leipse;;^ ¦'•
E J S GOOD EHDDGH FOR MR
NO. onevneed be. surprised that: dissension- has appeared at St.
:31ou'is between Southern- and Northern California,' It was to
.-.: - l»c expected and must be accepted v» : th philosophy: South
ern California has, with wonderful enterprise, an optimism that
.survives .misfortune and an energy 'that no; reverse can impair,
proceeded to make the utmipst out ojf what-' resources she has. . Her
pood, taste and her necessities have combined to produce all the
charms that are in garniture and ornament. Every- spot that can
be made beautiful is made to shine, and- even the small towns' are'
dressed always in; holiday garb. Wherever enough water can be
had to make an ornamental tree live- or a flower bloorii, there' may
be found the tree and fhe : . flower. The prevailing .spirit is. upon
architecture,'- and every building is constructed for. the eye as well
as for occupancy. . : '. ' • . - * -. • '
-..- Instead "of Exciting jealousy, all .this is commendable' and
¦worthy of praise: Southern California is, and is to remain, the
£reat..show place .of the Western Hemisphere. There is no rival.
There is no other section where all outdoors is so well converted
into, an attractive .landscape to catch the : eye and enchain the fancy.
Such a reviving rainfall as- Northern California has would be a
misfortune in Southern California, and such a lack of.- moisture as
Southern California has- would send Northern California to the
pOorhouse. Southern, California's destiny is not commercial nor
productive primacy,, but father the winning of. millions. from all the
world by the improved beauty and blandishments, which, will .always
<lra\v hordes of tourists and people who $eek a. soft and dry winter
climate for health and for physical enjoyment; That section of the
S^tate is a spyt of. enlarged: and outdoor .Paris,'. and its -greatness in
that respect will increase rather. than diminish,. .-; ¦.:'•'.'• :
[f^^^^fj^^^t^actt iipt "jealous of a-ll this.;. We Encourage, it.
for our destiny is quite different.
While we: Jiaye; the . same advantages; of climate, and for
tbe attractive veneering^ of Surface beauty, we have the productive
fl^j^^f r^^S^^;*^iflj;:J|^>»' rainfall to. make it available, . and -out
destiriy is: productive, and commercial. The. cbmmercy of Southern
Califorriia, like that- of. Parrs, depends much' upon its merits :as. a
T^ar^^^p^rS^ep^^^ui^i our orchards, vineyards, -fields, forests',
flocks, bur. manufactures and
onrarls. : v;;;V'u : :;- : .-^ ; ; ::;v .-, : . . : "' ;. ;•' '-. - - ' .
:>:-T^ e re is ; r^ fwal^ v .California" does n;at/ and : cannot
Compete with. our productive capacity, for reasons which her- people
We- do not compete -with
!^-?i^^^?^:^^^^^Fiy" for the fieasori that we. do not want
t^|:^^^^^^i^i^^iliYCS^e.dtin something entirely different : ' We
have a vast : arable area, yet : : to .-be subjected to intensive agriculture
busy inviting attention to :pur waiting
re^onrces, to vpurTprpduttiye- capacity in a.- land' as winterless as
Southern CaiifprfiiaVaiVd ..immeasurably •' greater-/, in its prodtfct'iy.e
If'th : e:t\va'^rtipns ;will,-'in--a'spirk pi ioyaky. andJpbflbs-
tnere .will' be ;iess : bickering knej
an ei : rd of. thesedfes^ ; . ' ; y.^'-j--
rivalry- between ' the : two
s^ctibfts:. until Calif 6rnia :has developed: to the full' extent,
all of; her vast /f^s;burces;;;as : icOmpleJlely .as- Southern. California has
CKploitecl ber spectacular c;apaciti?s,;-.and ..then turns to the external
[^^^^ :^.^^^hp^l:^^th6\-Sitaie : l the energies that -are. released
"Let us liope that by 'that- -time
: 1imitJiyil) be "reached, that she- \yill. have binder
her teritall that: can be. accommodated arid :will welcome the- reve'--
an. outdoor ' Paris. The
: 3 StC-yCoX^.^wiU^pai-S^ fLwa^ serving only to
call pastern /.. attention to;;the exact facts' concerning the. .whole $tate.
;These .facts, rare readily • available. .They ; do justice; to the whole'
State- ;and exclude the merits of no section; .'.'. -' • . : '
STATE; DISSENSION; AT ST._ LOUIS.
PARKER: "DAVID, SHAKE; YOU HANDLED THEM SPELNDIDLY
NOW WE'LL BOTH HAVE TO RETIRE."
.It was a - photograph showinjr two»
buildings, evidently stores or -factories..-
On -the- roof of one was" a siRYi. several
letters of Which were- distinct; In-.the'
street between the buildings ."was ft.
wagon •' with two ."horses attached arid
the figures of several persons. •.-.;.
. it i6oka."Jlflfc« a .picture.:."- &hv :
exclaimed.' Other members otf .'the-Taro---.
ily studied it and agreed that the outf-'
lines of. a photograph were clearly vi*-;
Ible. Inspection: under a glass, revealed-,
the! blurred outlines inside the 's<h>ir as'.
a -distinct 'picture.! • .' ; . . '•¦¦-.
. gbmewhere there' is ..- a- 'phnfosirapfiiir:
¦hen^ Which'. ;enibell tehes- -the,' i rtterfo* -of,
her eggs with, landscape and rnotTonvre;*:
prbduetibns. • That . she has/at '.least; ffbirje;
It '." once ' ;is.;testifltilV.t<V..Ky- .tho> taimjs^o^
; tV\ "H/ ti erring; '. * weaver. : who iiy^Kvat
North- Third", streft.,' Phijiutit^Hia,/ :
- •• The was: bailed :\vtth : ftir :
daugTiterU-AJjnju Wike vthel ¦ s.h<>U; ;;ami;
poured \the/: contents'. fnt.o ' her. ?£s; tup..'
her attention 'was .; arrested '. b>. -.-.a ; - : ppi
culfar. formation. rtit the albumen; BnjbnfC
of "ttio Ibtirerjihjftt ¦ " :¦'..•"¦ V ":" i\
WELL, WELL, WHAT NEXT? HERE'S
A HEN THAT LAYS PHOTOGRAPHS!
mZ^ S AN FRAIS1 CISCO .G ALE,
JOHN P. srnECICELS...-.^...;. ,-...,.. ! .-.l "..-..." Proprietor
-. ; ¦••¦••* ' '. ..'.ADDRESS 'ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO • • . " •' '
JOHN' McXACGirr.:. .... ... . /. ... .'. . . . ;, . .- . ... . . .;. ..... afonagrar
P&gtLtCATJpX' Oi^TICE,-... ..I...;..;. /THIRD. At«*D MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
; : : ."...:/.'. .\'.-.-.".., A.. ......;'. ..., '..,; OCT.OBER li 1904.
:v- •••• .•••• •• •• • ..--¦-•• .'••-...•.-¦•¦•••¦...'-••:;
?HE" SAN FRA&CrSpQyCALftVSaW^
8
COPYRIGHT,: IOM; -BY. .-SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT 6t*Tllfc SAN'" FRANQISCO CAIyL. WITH. jiltZ -SK^' ; YOHK EV^ISG Ua^
¦Bpecial lnfdrm'ation supplied dally. V*
fci 10 '?^! h ° u^ ea *nd public men by tii»
Pr««s Clipping Bureau (Allen 1 *). 23a CUi'
tfornU «rttt, -Ttiepnoat liata 104J, • y
Townsehd's California" Glace * fjrulti' -pi-
artistic flre^etched boxes. 715-aiarkflt *£•v 'Among: Ihe passengers on the-Qaelic r
•which cetllB : £pr the.Oriefnt to-day, .wjlj"
t>e !Rev.. • "V^erren'-' B. • Seabury', a ; «rrad
uate of.the.-tJass 'pt • i?t) 0' • at -.Tale. ' and'
.of- Ihe class df* 19.0.a of ila*vgCrd iThep
lcglcaJ Serorpa»3s.. ! jSlr, Seabury >erpes
;fo : GHin?. tb or/en the .'T.* 1 ? MJssiin; It
l*p>uriiosed: tp 'found a freat univfirisi'ty
in-.ltlw inlerior. of.-.ChihaVi.wiierV $tn-.
•de.nt?; may^r^ecelv^* re'ii^'pus find! i^du-.
'lar <«<ducatf oil. « .'.¦•' .•:•' • ' ;• ;.-J, ;
1 /• The; •grpjinid was ' B&ne" over by -lihe
latt Jpli/Tnvrstoh; n?Ho;8eleote # d r a:sJte'«
and pUtnriVjd/"t*ie.. "wofki--* •Th^Jmlsslp'n
( will* .be] e^tpJblis^ied, inj CMngsh^' f ije
'c^rpftal of tii« Hurtan province, •¦'ik wjll'
be sup'portjed br J fTAdua.tes '.of -"Xale^.
Xh? prpvjnce'. ha*' a' ppjHila.tlipn -'e'sti- •
fnated;'it .1 8»pOO,t)i)O a«d there '^111' be;
nt>. lack^ of ihen j» worjc / .an»ong.. : .'l!he
: p*eo'pW 'ot ¦ 'Hunan'^rovince. hiaVe}:untir
the nast few-yeard been hostile tp-fpr
etgii.ers. *J\ev. 'Mr. SeaVury. .win J>e. fiol-.
fo a w«d .by dtner yooirig. then a» theY are
selected* from the sradtfetinff class>s* :
IteV. V^arrcn. B. Seabiury. Win Le^ve
• " l** 3 *' th ® Or^nt tio. it'orlc Amopc .'.
• -V' ••' '. •-.".thB <EThJn.ese. '. ••- •". : . . .
'The' SpinI of Educatipn- wiH meet
ta-dajr tci -complete, lta retidfon.ofith^
riile'ff gro v^rnlngr the- .aanainistratlon'. of
the Fu-bfi^ ; Bcbool i>epartment- . The
¦most", iinijprtant'chang'e 'under cbhsid
eration- lfr the -board -is th^ fixing.- of
the Btfho.oi Tacitlpn ;at a; period later
then junker . th^ fttisting' riileal whieh.
l i>rovld6 ¦•¦' ipr- a .vajfcattQn. pfviij?- w^e^s
'b>kt^olri«yii'the.middle'.of-V4we;-a«a
in- the fat;tiSr'.-part':o3C July.' • Jt
.fa-planhfa' to fix |h^ vsusatlo'n 'dtlrjngr
a petiod;:beginhing'.in # the-' -Jasi part of
'. Jiina- 'otiS- endirjf-.iri:. 'ih'e imifldle °b<
August "-^Prfesident .; B'oric«vl«irl- Isasi
Itirat. tjfris. wdul'd^perTnlt'.mRny pupils
ta! wprW- jn'-the, canjiertefc'.Tand rf fruit
pickiij^."''. Hf' # calculates' that- -S60P0
/daily is Vost to.the;puplls.j>wing to- the
•v-ackiion i>ccuriing r at^09^ early "a .date .
¦to alloWthemlto'jMd.in the support of;
tieir..fam'iUes.- ; No.nMiterial changes-'
are' : contemplated in ihe othef* rules,
thfey* be^np simply .'revlsei to conform
to -existing. conditions, •.-. / .• «' '
Board: of Education "WlU; Tctbar
V- . Adopt r JEUnrlsed Rales : Gorernjng
• -Conduct: of Department,. .: -
M^^cL HtJLj" ESTABI4SH . : " -\
'¦[.;•. '.:': the Vale.^nssi6y
PLANS TO CHANGE TIME
OF THE SCHOOL VACATION
..VTtoBarv Sunday;;, the ..great festKal:
¦of the". I?qrninicans; w4Hb : e c : e*ebrate'd :
t-o-iudrrow.at-' .St." 'Dpniinic's Chvirc.n.
Steirier -&nd-]Bush : 'kreet$. : Xo'. day la
tlje-year is isba'ef.Y^d -at"- St." i)dm(nic'3.
: wit-Ki such : deep. -;re]^6u's. .devgdons
tfncl. be-^uiiful "qe f-e>n pni.es •' as', is. tiils
feasft'-wiihorio-r': pT:-tYt& romrx'. .-It-T^
'call^ efi e.ve;nt-in -oU-urch'hJsttfry which '
{s '.ever jnade- tlie 1 6-bject-qf joyoUs. «pmr
•ijiepiorittip-ji -'.on :eH«h '; aiicceeding; an- .
'ntyersa'ir-^ifie.-WuKurAtlon -.-ofi'the
Idevptiori- of -,ih-a fosa.ry.by St.- fiiprnf
'.nj^. Vith- yt-4* a?soo^ate.d. the : victory
•of- th^? Ci.h.r;gJte.n ov,er' : -t-he Turks '¦
•.at-'teDahto^.'u-heii'th-e .tide W,\batt>fe;
.wfi^- U] rr.Bfl .'•/''. •:.'.• '..'.•. ; . • .'...-.
. ; S61emn-Jii^h'. masg--will.be s'utoe ! af
¦ ll-.b'cijock.l.Very.Jtlev; Father j. : &:
..R^urke; wiri.. be- cejeb.r?int. and Rev.'-
Fathers. J.-K; Newell"' an4 J". R..CQr
:cocan .will;, tie tJcacon .and subdeacon^
The "-mass w-ilr b"& accompanied wjith'
•brilliant music : and it ise'rjnon will be"
preaQhea by--kn eloquent "priest of "the
•Order of -Preach ers: .-After the mass.
the proe'essiori of. th"e r.osarjr win be
: tield. Priests . and ' parishioners- -w.111
•walk jH K:-rfom the altar. -The. pro-'
cession" will leave the cnurchand pasa
arouna-.theV'bloclt' on-Stetrier. pine,
Pierce -an'4.-fiush -streets and'b^cfc to
the church,. where- the. devotional exer-'
:ciseB-wni tonctude'with.benedlctton'.: •
' Ccjcfiratioh*. Hqrined JTri honor
' ": pf Inu>ortant-iJra Iny History ':
. ". ' ' " :'Ot. the ..'Cliiireji:.: ; ; : . .
KOMIXICAXS TO."CEIJt!BhATi<J : " • • !
.. ' - • SlVCIjt'ljp PEASSt OP. ttO.SARY
¦ " -Long' Island Sound. " boats 'are b.eihgr
geiie'raiiy /equipped. '\vith Av'ireles'g "tele
graph putfitS..: •;'. - '. . .." ;.'.,'.
The Partriso Sprtrijrs are. always-open. "•
'¦¦;. The • L.! 'Mi. " llicjkrriana • ,6f .' Sausallta
have : lefjt jEof-ah Eastern tour,: which
•rt-iil i'nDlude' the St. J^o-uts 'exposition. "
'- *." * .: V**.' ' f-.- •-'. . .. '.'. ¦: •"
¦J.ules.Cl?rfayt'.has -retuTned after a
trip 'of three 'weeks .tO.lhe.TellovyBtone
Park.' ! -He is located' at' the ; Palace
Hotel." v "'-.-.: .•:¦.¦¦: "¦.. ¦- — •
: "pf.-WrsdAIrs; 'J.-ilora Moss h&,ve : rCT.
turned; to the^r. -re.siaen.ee. at- 930. (Jreeh
fetreet," having" spent' -the' summer- 'ii>
Ma'rin i'CQunty. . .: ' . ' : ' •" ¦' : •'[
:. Maj*^fe:jGa>Uer,'.' : wffe-.6?;the T Befeiarn
:\pd. ' Jth£ eii»bi.fticrn, . :£<>¦.
iomp^i^vby-Mr.: kn;d .'Mri.'-JIorel, .ar<.
v'MtJhg^at T)'el Monte.'. ;';... :' ; [ ; . ': ••'
aiax : ot ->li*? Jlelen Clare. Wills', dajufgl}-
S:: £-'. -IiniIsj6f..=tHis
?ity^.!t^.Rbjb<ert;;Hay5 :Sniittf Kit darlisle;
&&:.--.<J,-:*~. ¦'' ¦'¦ f-*?i i'-j'f: '¦'':' '¦'¦:" ¦/:¦¦¦
.ttne.oitSc Septcmbsp enga^emefats }s
•V jtirda>%.; : .-.Mfs. '-"Jackt* 1 ; -^Casserfy'^
.brother,. JLo&eeh.'.CudaHy of Oirtah*, wiH
3?e "Vf'edded' jtb >iiss Jean atpr.ton Of Ne
b.raska. : 'CityV ; ".' '."• / •..'•'' • '.' " " '.;.
.-; .'Ti>ere.'\v4fl"i?e'a 'lopV' li&t' of attend
intB>iind';ihiioh '.el.esrince' ; .^'ill charaa
.teirize; the ; "iKipiJ?iifc 5 - r In .theVitinerary of
Ift^ jioheyrfioon, -Mr. (judahy. a'nd big
Icf^ffiy .'b'rid* are. due to visit :Mrs. Cas
¦m'er)y£. .¦.'¦•¦£,-¦ : /.' ••' ¦•' " : ."**.' .'-:•'•
seas'- in the.-'good Sheridan— start-,
ingr' to'-day-^-the "tea" .partook of "a
".how-dye-(lo"-in<i a "good- by'."". ' '
." MiiEs' Mil-ton leaves to join her father,
paptoin iSJiltoh,' wjio 'is stationed' With
his regiment in Manila. .•;.-.. ; ••-.;;'
/ • A; pitjr":ti?- that -Miss ; Miit6ri : could, -not
hayeVspeni; fhe- ' Winjber • -here— wih^ch
:pr<jh-uses'fcG.-be 'ljVely.' •'*.".'• ;" '• • "..••"'.'•"
¦ 'aquamqiulk:, -gom-pa^y: ..VoRMfiD.— I
OAKLAND, Sept. 50.— ArtrQie>.of iricarporation.
¦w'tPE! .f!le4 . irittx the Coynty Clerk io-day by •
the .Aquamobile VcrnSany. The' capital >tock y
;W C2S»,060:- '• T.he imounf -subacrjljed is- -. J43.. j
"The director!). .i»re. : James' P-'.McFarland' -of ¦
j'- FruUya'le' .and "Heht ;6Ujer».'."The. -purjKjse. of '
|. the- company Js'.U» .S*al Jn .-stearft,- ign;- eiectrlcv 1
'¦ sasifoilne.- and' 6ther : motors: • .• .' : ¦ '¦' .".'
'• A' mission * w.ill open to-morrow tn
Bt. Francis -Church, Valle'io'streetj &nd
uill c'ontirine' for.- two weeks,' including
three,' . Sundays. ; It- will b.e conducted
bj- the Vlrtcfentian Fathers, . who ar.e
often. .! -called f.Lazaj-ists.. fro.m -their
mother htouse in Paris.';
ou.«Ly..\vi'th the 'o.pteningr -of 'the tnission
thfl : clergy-, of- St; .Fraftcis \yiJl ' take,
possession of. :their hew 'residence'. ..
Mission »t St. l^ancLs Church.
I..'- Eastern, and qther visitor? to -San"- Francisco
] wlivi'hav.e' .a 'c»pj)ta>-cha.nce-- to see'- some. 'of.- the
! rnoBt famous : places' in" .'CalLro'rhUi on . Sunday-,
'•¦ October ¦ 2. ' 'svtien the- Southern 'Pacific -win- run.
f a popular excursion to Mcinterey. • '. Tha -e xcu-r-'
I si.cn- wUI allow of • visits, to ftotel. Del Monte.
f Poclno. Grove; -P'reiiiaiOi'. eta. '.or. •visitors may
i'enjoy.'themselves, bathlne.; fishlnS ,or .boating;
I trt Klo-ss-bottt>rn.e!ii boats'. . Excprs.lon train will
j "leave ¦¦Third' «pa Towiii^end • alree^--depot-.at
' 7:30-a. m.;' rettirMns, ' leave Monterey' at: -4:13:
I p.. hi. A«V about U lo-xlayat ci:.! Market. st. : -• ,
%%()0 lor the: Rbunji TiJix.
EXCURSION' ; ''TO MONTEREY. .
.- * I ' / " . * : " • ' *•' *• - . " • " \ ¦ ' \ t •
'Athletic CohteistK an*. Valuable Piiiz.ea
: -' . Win pe -Ifeaiurcs at., aidl • .* .: : ,
;. ••! ' ;' ' '.>lt)urid.' l»ituic.V' • . ".; , • •
' The- sixth' annual^ pknic «'c£f Cou.ficil"
Xp,:i5,;.U. I*;. E. C.JPprtugUese Union-^
State '.of Galifoinia). . wi}l"-be h«ld at
'SihelL Mound- Park to-rmsrrdw^- .This ah--"
nual withering- Is th'e .most :eigerly an
ticipated event of the _j-eaf;in the Por
tuguese colony. ' • . .• .-.'•• . ' :
. A- long list-, of .y'aiuable. gate : and
game prizes has been provided and/ an
.umjsuaUy -interesting: • propramrne- of
athletic contests arranged. ' There .wi}i
bt dancing under- the direction of.
Fioor .^tanager Joseph L:. Content^.
An especial;featur"ewill bethe Azppiah
dance by Jose de.Souza Ooularte:.
-Th* .follb-wilng. committee's "are . in
cliarge «f the" day's "exercises: ¦. - '" ".
• Committee of • arrang"em6nt» — A. 'F. de'I^rei-.
ta«. chairman; F. ip. Rodriguez, n'ecretary; J.'
:J. Silva. treasurer; M. 3. d'Oiiv'slra. j: -V.'
I^op^F. -J.flhn- t'Jtafael. A- 4. Kustado Sr. •
. -Floor managsr — Joseph .L. Ccntente.
.Aarist.ant 'fl^cfr nlanaKers— Jonn B. . Campo
.donico. A." J. Homem, '. * •• ¦• > ¦¦ '¦
¦ Gate commlttrt^M. "J.. a'Ollvelj-a. Joae X-
CoMa. M. -M. pos'Rels. L,.. II. Pollard. '
Ticket' ccmirilttee— Jo»e V. Lcpej 11. jr.' Ga
briel. "" • ' .' • • " • ' l ¦
G«me« committee — 34. • S. Rodrigue«, 'Jose
Bapti*-t». Lion Dolhesuy. ' • • "'••...
Azorian dauc^— Jo*e <le Souza CJoularte.
.- As^sfants— il. S. Martin. "M. •*. Plree. ." '.
• Tombpla committe* — John F Cofrlea CcUalr
map). J: J. .Silva. John I./Rafa*!.
:'The ' han " wiH be appr'pprf/Uely.
drafted .an& -the following wril be':th'e.
«rder. 6£ exercises r > ' -. . • • ; . ' :•
•-"America^*! quartet; "brn.yer. Rev. E.
K," -Strong;. "JLost : Chord.'.':. (Sulliyan),
National.- JL T iiion : tjuactet— r-Chkrles 1 J2".
K«r. A_ A- Macurda, \V.- E.| Smith and
Jjathiew ,-¦ McCurrie; : ceremonies. 'the
cabinet ".SQDranof solo." -"Thy Will. Be
Done" (Alars.deh).- Miss' Millie Flynii:'
oration; ..H. ;' L.' Simon:.' tenor. ' "solo,
""Abide' yrhh Me/' Frea. Purdy; '" eu
log>-, • Rev., S, :.Leyy : ; invocation,
Rev-.E.- K.-. (strong; contralto jsolo,
."F4i'th**- (iCHadwjcile), 'Misji "Cordelia
Ottle; S6.iectjon. / "Still.." 'stHl with
The?," . "is*«ti"ojial Union, •quartett; ': in
&'exnoriam. A.- K."'K3n^sf.ord:
tiqn; P.ev.:;M/S. pevy; :<v Star-Spangl.ed
Etaarier'. fc : *(K^y), quartet."'' ' . • ;. : ; '•¦ '
• T.he exer.cises will belunder'the'a-us
pices" of" the= San Franoisco- Cabinet of
the ! order; and a ¦' special " committee
comppsei(j af-.W. K- Wheelock. chair
man.; .W.-,A.- .Oalvln, 8eci*etan5-;* ' j.'. A.
Rqss, F t .:- 6. -McMjnus, ¦• F. Bell, T:- R.
H.ulingr. G. H. Workman. A.' K.- Klag?-'
f.Ord and H: B. . Harris- ¦• . * -•..-..•
"; The -nine-, of. the .National.
.Urjion^ a- fraternal-: association, located-;
i'n "San. Francisco.;. w.ittt' -those" of Ala-|
meda, -.Berkfjey and .-OaVland. • -xylil j
Ivolti- iiuemdfial "services , to^iftinir'row'.":
The ser.vic^s.are -the nfst of !the-.kind !
ii: th-e : history, .of 'the' order -and will J
be-, at Native. Sons;* jlal'l-. in the 'after
noion..'.. ' - . : ' • * • " • • . . .
Imnressive ' Ceremonies ' by Fraternal
, . A»soclatiph> in Xatiye : Soiiis''.IIait '•• ".'
• - : ;. • .iTp-Mprrmv. '. ". ' ;. • " • •
•• Durta'g the'; week- the -ladies, of the
m.afjy. b'bithii ,'acted as bqstess*s, . Ngxt.
we$k-th.e "ladles,- of .the St.'.Paurs.- St,
Anthony's, -St.-. 'Cecelia's' and . the >e.-
I resltmorit booths -will entfertain<f. The
bazaar. " • w.IH remafn- ' -.vope.n 4 ;. ; ah.dthe'r
.week;'' ••'.'¦•.'¦ ' '•'¦ -'. : - ¦.¦'.'.'
. .The" bazaar, ojienea:. by;: tn'^ipari^hV
. I.orijerjsVot ' : f5t-.'. - PatiL's' '.Church;; f or ! tKe
beiiefTt." of fhe ¦building. fuh;d : still/cpn-
•tinnes to aifract iar^p. •cf.d\v4$i.; .Ma^y
of. th.6 fa>icy. a.r ti;cles' : thai >dor ned/thV
: bdoths'-'at". the', opening? ¦ liayej; Vdisaip-:
•'pearefli '.bTiir' elabor-aXe* v.and: -yaluatble
merchandise has taken _ titfeir" i jjila-ces
. upon*' the cQuntersi'.. ;..'•' ¦¦',. '¦¦'•''•: •"•'•/.' ...
! '• Every evening a pr'ogranime .Is .fenr'
• dered for the - entertainment, of. visi
tors, 'v»-h"lle "sell the- booths : are" .arrang-.
•irijj- £qr". af Kofnei o.n. several eveninss.
hpotjjs ? >,n.nU? and Fair
: •" . : • • lyili J^aftt^Anotlier. .; : ' '• v v
'¦'¦ '. ' •¦'/¦ ¦'..'. ' '¦ xVi^^". : .:-*!' : ¦..-¦;.-' ••.;'•>¦••¦;: " :
PORTUGUESE UNION WILL
HOLD ANNUAL GATHERING
xa^iovaL' :i7Nipx AViLiJ • : ; -
¦ : .; : iroLj)' soLli\ix" sjsitvicfi
ST. v PAUL'S HAZAAK IS. ; . : .'" : '.-- '. •
.. " STILIi - OPEN': TO >t*BLJtC
CLEVER MEMBE«".OF.r : THE-YEX'- . '
DERFDOt" COifPA^Y; .WHIPH 13 .
• COMING. TO' THE CALlFiDR^;A. • .
I.TclIs . il^r^rs ¦ irtiat . irhejLr ; Syrtitwutfty
',: .:""': ..\ " '-V:-
: " Th e Kev. Peter -C; ; jiTp rke ; deii v.er e.d . a;
iecwjre in -the 'Alhambra; Th^ater\lrCsit
: nightj his subject^!. Deiii$:;"."IiUssia Or
: j^jpari-MWhieh :? \ : \ -.- Thev; RevJ .
¦ 0:jlHrt :^re.si(ie(?r 'J pa^r.Yqtkei>eskn:
•: Vitjv a- iraphiti ; .a|lu)5toft -to the fteeiaiyei
. Tyars .of Xhs past 1 «at^ It >v^s :hot 5.
' .'<JMe^tionV:aV..to- %hi^h side 1 rniay..;
• -but • : the .eiylllziitioiit ¦•- : to<; ; igf.
: Ettpt ¦: ov^rcome^the ctviliizaitton
f Qf r the: w-e^i:;^T-h^i'r j^;pathy.j'he heid. ;
4khoyW.-^p!^'4>ft!t: :'tcK ¦ 'those;- ; : -tve.ar6gi ;¦
..-theTnWy^ai':-in, : reWg)i6nV lit t«ngrue, ; in
' ¦ bJob^'aiid;. civWi^ation.- ;• The reverrend
,bra.very" pC. '^e^J^pa^ft^V^"^^"'-/^?^^
Itad "twice /refused th*^ -Bomatl .eiyiiiza^
. 'tich,. wiiich 'had been: accepted, by
pfher nations of the world. . . . .< . . ' ' . : .
• .Even!: ii. Japan, adopted, .all;, our
methods, .said and she
te'f t out religion s-he-".! would toe as ¦ far
{Xrom civllizatidri, as Xhe: day -wh?n : $he
pput her .' "rnftrtyrs to death... vH&vre
l^^'^ 1^P!'
'shown America -:by Russia: . . • . -. " • ; '
REV. PETER C. YORKE
ON RUSSIA AND JAPAN
'.-•As pages ani Vtftcers.— J. Smith; A. Slattery,
T. •Gwimtjodi. phaj-les. Carroll.- Vr. -Roy M6br«.
J. -Fl.'pd. C. DMr,on,.E. Dockery. -J. -SUlUyiUi.
T." B^il*5-..-. \ • -. • .- •-. .- " : : '.
.•,Priftc*M^th«8alerti.-Georr« KeHyJ Pulclnella.
iW"is* y ; : HicKey; Sophjujlta; ills* K. Arieri;"
ISU-ismUrxd. : Ro>- .Ba^rtft .Kay; Cj'twlan, J/ihri
O Brien ; • Tro^ibotiius, . .Tom Nowjan ; C<?unt-
Vulcaf>o. Ed-- 3urn*;. - •- • " - * - . .
• A?, the court-. "ladies »fUl-»ppe.af— Miss J..Mc-
Carthy ( Miss M. McCrady. Ml&« "C. : Kaet; Miss
E.- H^Jr-mtn^Hbten. 'Mlaa MiU«re,- Mtss Treat,
Mi*» Jeaunifeayx, -SJfs'a de JdnnleJ-. Hjse SuppJ*.
:Mis* -l>ujry. ills* -Anthon'y.' Miss -.Kogtebeix;"
Slis» Mecc^er. "• .." . "'••..- "
Thfr>cisj;Vwill,be as lollows:
- The comic opera, "Prince Methusa
lem," by Joliann Strauss, will be .pro
duced at the Alhambra Theater nex.t
M'antlay e\-BiiUig for the benefit of the
'ri.ew Sabred Heart School, the-founda^
Uahs- foT which are already -laid. For
jseyeral .Weeks the young actors Tinder
the direction o'f- "Miss. GerXrude Hop
ltins," th.e: OFga-nist,' ; and • the managed
Hie^t of - Karl . Formes of .- the TivoH
Opera. 'Company, have- entered heartily
in'td; the", work .'of rehearsal ' As a. re
sult'.triey. .Kave-'becpme familiar • with
tljeir" "roles-. ." ' . '}': . .. .'- : . •.*.•/
Clevei* Youhg • Men and Women ' to
Render "Prince Mcthnsalem" at '
Alliambra Next Monday.
' in the -apartmertts. of- Mrt. • j.. Jur
. gens, :\tfhe.re tliat la'dy was. 'hostess to
the Iks Estudiantas " Club, • there.' Jwas
corisiderabiie eoccitement for . .a while.
The.' .-players : overturned, 'car'ii tabies.
a'nd. laces and chiffotia were 'torh! arid.
,nirnpled:.in-.the rush.;-td,the. street.- •. : - ..
. • . The 1 .ftot^l- Baltimore '.is- conducted; by
Dr. .C: F. Buckley. ¦'• The,"darnage dx>ne
: 'tb '.the! build-ing 'tfa'?'- slight: ¦; it .is-, s.up-j
posed, that ia cigar :butt: ox. &pme' hot
ashes- thfbwn t into-- 'the ;rubbtsh.' cjiute
Btarte;d. the .blaze: .-. .fhefe : .-wer'e.- ftbotii
¦ 'thlrty-flve '.of 'the .guests: In ''the,.'. hotel.
JaYthe' time.; ¦• : '. : •v.; : -:'--..: : '.'¦.•i'.'- '' '¦:¦¦'¦¦
A blaze in the Hotel Baltimore, 1015
Van Ness avenue, last. night broke up
a bridge whist party given by,- Mrs.. . J..
Jufgens and brought frightened guests
clad in their night clothing into tl?e
hallways. The flre started in a rub
bish chute shortly after 10 a'clock. It
was extinguished before, it gained
much headway. • -.
' When the alarm was rung most, of
the guests had gone to bed.. The mo
ment the cry : of flre was given bed
room doors were flung open and the
rudely awakened slumberers rjished for
safety in various stages of undress;
George Blumb, j elevator hoy, ranhis
eleva.tor.~to the top', story of , the hotel"
and brought down a load of frightened
warh^n. 'Two bf'tliese,' Mrs.'.P. Asturias,
send her daughter," Miss J. Asturlas. be
came .hysterical.. Btumb went back to
bring down more of .the.*guests, Jbii.t; by
thk time it'.'vfas/ieam.ed that .'.there was
no- danger.- Blumb, who is ah excitable
boy, fainted. ..- •'• • -. • •'. . : .
Feminine Players of Bridge
Drop Cafds and Hurry
Screaming " Into Street
• One of the leading feminine parts is
taken by Louise Gardner, whose sing
ing* made a hit. in New York and Chi
cago, where// "The • Tenderfoot" made
records of 100 and 250" nights, respec
tively. '
*r. :— — : ; — +
WIMj GIVE OO3IIC . OPERA
: . POR BKN'EPIT. OF SCHOOL
Unusual interest is being -manifested
in the introduction to San Francisco of
the famous New York musical comedy
success of last season, "The Tender-^
foot." which comes to the California
on Sunday night for an- engagement of
two weeks.
Where "The. Tenderfoot" is; particu
larly strong is in Its bright, catchy mel
ody and the excellent work of the big
chorus. .
STOPS A WHIST PAHTY
Guests iii Taii Ness ATemie
Hotel Aroused :F*om Beds
by Blaze in the- Jsight
;^Alk»^Tr^jiDr.''^as) hiastess. at a
*;.t.ea:": yesterday,", in; honor.- "of the. much
iri^Ft^d :Mis»; Mattie Mi]ton:.' ; ;' - - -. - ';¦ :
V^pvithfr 'bptiny : rhaid .. sails iover' -the
.*' ¦ -'/ : ¦¦ *
:V :THV;^(jen ;Club .pf/the. imerriitlonal
;Sur.Fhinie\ Society;: wj'11-.npl-d a- famously
>!:tfricp.trr.g; se$?ib.n tp-day at the •Soro-'
.)?•:.« '•¦"ICjb^i'pipnSs:-:;/'-''. -.-'.¦;¦.;•". . ."' - .!.' •-.
¦. .Th?i^'- ;«ili-- : be, . peyenteeri . different
kinds; '.otT '¦T'.--*-Bpn<lifik<i mtQ Hnings lo
fa;t,vio :^ar*.aria give axvay at
Christijaa'S^'.'-":/;;- .; ¦ ::>; •••' : ' : :- : -. • •"
'-¦¦ ilr.-."-ah;d' ?Irs: -Al ' A. .Moore • Jr.. of :S.ah
i'.ra.ricis'co! ;ha:ye.- 'arri-ved .ifl Lphdon and'
jBLre^s^vLrcg-'ist . They
•hfiv* o bi?ea.^e.ndlng some time at'-<5a
t^r,'i.\ •" O >vJ?4' cr^ f 8 " ¦¦'¦•reported', to be- "very gay
itt;thi«-titn^. ":-\ { / •"/ ¦ ¦-'. ;•" V. •-. - •' « . --
:^^nily.\i5slce :iAd^a^/JdAagh^E" 'of
Rev. .-Georgp C. and Mrs. Adantsjand
'04iiry'^Ch'^evc;r/.^'6^"rhi^^ ,^|' ;:..';L ;"^ ¦>"•'.. .v"
; •¦•,Tiie '-a if Air will. ..tai^ -'pl9c«. -.on.. '.G<!i<b~
.5»fr;J';i&;-:"'"^t--;^'er':Vpifst-; :^oig^^0onal
: ;^f .th]UT,c^ r ' .^;fei^ ; ;the> vtjrideTs '"' 'father'
; .hi-s;.''ljpr;gy-5^^\.theXv?e^t6*-^9Jid-.";at'- th<*
:iidr^^V^^ri^.v3ia&2 : '.PiWrpe: street, -a
:r^ceptIojT.--fciii. ip;iow:; ; ¦¦ P ;%.-:*¦ < '¦'. ¦''¦ ¦:'
contirii?ent;' : ! .:'¦¦:' ':'¦. '¦¦ ¦¦¦:
Jjast ; *J.'gSit : :6.?l: feoiard the Solace; by
t.&rty-.'xian(^'>^
.fa irves - ll: ; Jp^U ¦; wa» : th? ;: bJCjSt<jsa,.- ; 'an k
5Xi?i: "WiUiainibnL; . oi :> 'Washington 1 - -the
ipuest^f :iyondti : y/r :',::¦:;:.¦[ ' ' : yJ''\ ¦; -
¦Calii. ; . .the^ 3U^e5 v ;^x?^n4;::^elftL ;¦>!&-.
CaJia, •¦'. .M.iss;^^^ .^illia^ph> .-C^tain Vand' :
;'M I*.'; 1 ¦: -Caji tain/ iaii^; :ifrs: ; -Be4i- ;
¦32 : m^.;-F^:^ai?>v : -,;Ml^!8.f'- : £;iS^
-^4;:i^/\siun5^»^
.p%erj;'Mj^;Si:m^^
p?<r '-SJni :?^"|> fe<tggC /Efesi^n '¦'¦ and:'..Mrs;'
'?3jc^titie,-:;.3rll«s: : '';-?-5le^yi;"- VmVs.
~3£$it£-\ C^^ev^^ejit^^kfijt-; ¦ arid Mrs.
:^^^ri^i; : v^ay;m^er';.ia'ir, ; Iiieuten
b&l i?rii&i?rt : :6Z s'; 'Eri-:
:f%n.vS^^j^^<^i ; ;Ii^t^afrt';Mlskeii;l
!li^.^tt :BftiiiQ.hi^ ,C3i2iri-e& : T;'q;fts»g' and ja
5oflj6tb)ers.> ; : :"v.- ':'\: : ''}. : ' .'¦':. ':¦ '¦'• -.-/-"
•;¦¦ . •': ,••
After a two "weeks* .visit" at the mine
Mrs/ Cornwall :wili . gt> . to ¦ Seattle,, and
t J^Rr^ to Raa^i^yFwTwftiy : mnite time
in. December,;-.-.' v; "\V- '•.'.¦¦'.•J'''. ¦.' .'¦/ ¦
Cyj^;m8J&$Xnt Arthur W. Cornwall left
l^ft riiirht "fo\r Trinity • County, where
¦¦ilr.- ¦ Cornwall' ts. interested in a mining
enterprise. , V ; ..',...•..•• -...'.
, v -.i^T)Ttet3riajriMr t^.BJid."Mr«. 1 ' E." B.
Guttipr entertained .informally in honor
of tbiXc. ¦attractive, ulecei
¦ . . Si iss ilabei Wbeaton, .'• who- sail s on'
ibJe StLcri&aZi torday with Miss Mattie
: 3kliitpii and. Mrs.' Miltofi for Manila,. has
beeri. diligently. ; fetr'd-.. during the last
.ifprtnight— -I or .: she to the Isle' of
J*aims to become a bfide. :.',-
ii^j^]3:;;hasjji't ; ; frightened/ the maids'
tter*afeo$ts : a. : . bit^itnd ,.the "chaps with
>irai>sV.ar.e:'just' as -fascinating and as
lErije^^. :^<i^^o^;'.as.-;^vTSr.''; And last
ntghrs affair was a'deflant fling at the- :
iCurbinic. ..\ineHgtbility- -of'.', arniy • men T
ifiroiip:whon};niaj;- : lje -cbunted some of
the ;m(>std^nghtf ill. beaux in society.
TMiiit '¦¦ a-w-'ful; • tdict;:; .againet- rnilitary
By Stilly ; . Sharp.
¦:'¦'¦'¦'¦¦:' ¦;. : -./--''- l " : Si '-'¦.- : . : ; ¦¦'-': r-. -¦'/¦''¦:"¦''¦ r :.!-.¦*../ •=" v'-:"."'-.' : .V
'i lie ¦ 'hop" -in the officers' quarters at
Jw iPrpsltiiQ 13-st; : jiigtit; jtv-as . : a ; .marked
:ii(icesr!> ; -HGcn<irai Ciirbiii nbtwi thstand-
•: The; Needlework. Guil,d. of •. Anieriea^
San ¦'Francisco ''hrtt«ch/. -held it's- teriih
annual meeting atf JUisa.' •'Wes.Vs school
Friday, afternoon.-' "there was." * very
large" a'tte>»a"ance, and representatives of
:the ' many . .charitabie.. V organizations
cbmppsing this • "branch were- present,
several of ;W.hom read reports" \6t their
condition an'd requirements:. The' ac
complishments of these different -'so
cieties toward ' the ' heeds, of Incompe
tents- is deserving of the greatest praise
and is Indeed "sweet charity" In Its
fullest meaning.- • ' •
Among the statements offered on
Friday perhaps the mo.st Interesting
was that of the president Qf the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society. He said that
oftentimes parents brought children
there^-boys usually — to be disciplined
or- guided; that they did- not obey at
home and were truants from school and
more often than otherwise, he discov
ered that these same : children were
not bad so-much as 111. manage'd.' Put£
llc schools often pushed children,- be
yond their capacity, and 'forced slow
minds to be' quick-, with disastrous re
sults, The child became discouraged
or defiant, according 'to- his nature and
rebelled In some . form. Again many
children of tender years .were : forced
by. parents- to. earn money unnecessa
rily, .thus denying to them rightful.ed
ucation or. recreation. The "Aid Society
has" helped arid placed In .'proper post
tions many; boys whp have -.been "xriiB
guUe\i;-and the girls are all eagerly;
sought 'and -have, been, provided with
good j!J^ldt^»*^TB<iBi^^arfeijUuEdrnil
report . showed the . guijd 'to . be iri "flne
condition, both Jh.'membershlp.and the
number. Of '. garments- that have, .been
supplfed..'"- The "general. ;• distribution
takes lipl-aJee' aboUt^Thanks^ytiiig. '.Th^
officials are : : .Honorary. presl<ient; Miss
AMry % : West y president;, Mrs, • Syilriety
Worth ¦ :'' . secretary; i iits. -p&i '¦' is,. ¦ Ja^k-
Wpn j. treasurer, ij.lss.* Jessie; Wiggiijs;. : ; :
piiir of: . -Ludicrous
and
• Good Songs. ¦
FIRE ALARMS
MANY SLEEPERS
"THE TENDERFOOT," MUSICAL COMEDY,
PROMISES A FORTNIGHT OF LAUGHTER
NEEDLEWORK
GUILD HOLDS
BUSY SESSION
CORBINISM HAS
NO EFFECT ON
PRESIDIO HOP
THE' SAN . FRANCISCO : CAUi iSA^OROA^. QCTOBER ¦ l,:-i90^
9
;; • ';;;Xet : 1((^
-^Ae Coal hod. Ik> no ;
: occupation for a Woxftaiv
¦ • ' ; .¦'.. ¦ Gas ; Cooking* is &S "I % ffiS S©^ft^ : $^^
and' doctor Wild, "^^^^k—,'-- • :
• ;¦.-•-' SAN FRANCISCO GAS- AND -ELECTRIC C)p, ! • * :
• .•-' • • : ." '., ' 415 post street.. '. .••'•" ..:: : y/,: •;•'"='•;•':;
«y sleeping .cars without, change from. Los T»-/"
JUf'. : Angeles j. Santa Barhara, -Monterey, : San -.w^
Bg .jPrancisco, .Baker^field; Fresnoj Ivathrop, fflS
SiB StQcttcm/ SacfamentQ. and' other CaiifbTOiaBH
gfi points via; the Southerji Pacific^ Union' Pacific IE
II an4! Chicago • & North - .Western . .RailTvayis JB I
.'IBL'aftd: the'Eas,t. ..Fasts trains,, ;.lj^tietitjr#.-
:-'-la^;seryice»'';X)itLing c.aj service a Ia.carte. mm r
" eo^ routes. - &wrq^nd-trip <t&e$>jKBr-^ ;
-¦: : ?I^LX)oiii)le' ,berth4a Chicago only ?7vOO.j^45K ; ; -
-. . "".' "^5U_ ' ' • li" i*k£odtt«r4'P»ciflo. tieket agrtafir.faU iafariBatjoa; . Jfflmffi&hL
• '.." ' '>tflMfiaS>ga- R.-R. l)ITeHrE. deaeral-AMnt P*clfi.cCoait,
: ' jflfmPBrffiri C.'A)«-W.-Rv..g17M«rkitSL.Pal»c>Hotel. li/Jl<HI*|( .
¦ ' JFBftfT&lia** s - f-BOOiTH. CTen'l Agent fast'/ Dept,,^p^A^yt^f BTV .
¦ efffftyw li ylf?^5iiy : p - R - ir - »¦"«"*»•"'•» ?t f 6 !i^Sfi^ralii§ul | :
; INOLESIDE
GOIBRSING_ PARK.
SATjyRDAV
and
; SUNDAY.
.-: ' :CboiMac v .wt^.' fciijtB,; *t\ 11 oTeVtak -atjairB) .«a* : :
; cor, t !nn» " ua Ul Ui« .last winning. I sac. /(MS- . iqt. : :
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
¦-.-':•¦. AB'.- Ml««ioB-«t ; :ear«:' .;traji«f*r.:«i; : -iOwRpMi'::
,'**^ 'V^^' ¦ l* 1^^^*.'.^- .pa^.- : - ' -. :-:''.-"^V v A-. -. "-
: ": •"-'. ¦ :: "'" > "-'-ioH>r:'!-<aiXcBi > - : Jadi^-' ;; i - "W-iv'i--^'-
: ."':¦ ¦ V) -.-¦•. :¦¦ ;::• zjaityAJtp- £H0RT3tAa mtppwy -v; :¦
/-CALIFORNIA-^
' ¦ .- M at in »¦• To-day— -La jt , T5 nj« ; To- ni i !x t. . • .
RAfcPH STUARTS
B Y RICI HTCf F S WO Rp!
¦ 'Dlrtct' from, the Arrurricaxi Th«*t«*. :¦
". :¦¦!¦"• ¦: '¦ .' . ¦¦ ¦¦ -JW«7»'- York: -City-..-: ¦;¦'., ¦ . .-..- : ,... ¦ ,-_:..
'; T6-MQRRp'W:^-pD>rttr»ely the Btarwt,
-. ' • ' Brightest. Best Musical Oomtdy ;. , : :
¦¦"¦¦ ;".'•'¦':¦•'¦•.: .'pf -the $eaiiw»..'; • .'• . : ' : -- ;•'¦¦; '-.
¦•' '.'-.- '. •"¦t i THB TJETXTJiEKFOGT." j ; \ V
: :; : Positl-»eljr' (KV Pwple.. Includlny Phil
.' ' Kyl^y. -the' famous Twoed;»punclt ta .
.9.; tnorodora. ". 10O nlihtj -la- N'aw Tprk,'.-
¦ ' 53O' nights ¦ la- Cbica^o. ¦ '.¦¦¦ : ., ¦."::'. -." - '-.'•
."' ; :-;/.;.SEA i rS' ?JOW-' SELLiyO. -/:--^--;^
. ¦•^'¦! ''^^y^^r"^iy ''"^ta^:''' •'-
'•; "•!.' ... : H.' ; W.! BISHOP.' -iuc.taM. -and: afaaag«r.!v.'.-;;
¦^SV-i's -'XiABT -'itirJB'-'.TO-iritbKT, :"!'";':!'; ; ?-^!'
I 23c 'andt.' 60o-^MatlnW ¦Ta-dky^-SSc' -attd ' JSOo.-' .
• ¦:'¦'. : - : . OUTER MOBOSCQ offir*.'- ..V-V:'- ; --J'->.
; !),CA-PTA1N ;;;:-¦
BAtlRINQf ONj
.- ";• : - KlifHt prices. 23; 35 and 56'eiata..''.'-'- V -•- "' ¦
• '.'. : :V.A. : few: friont.TO'rap 6rchestra. ; : 73 ceata.' :: J--.
":.: :'; ' ;-.' ';• • :-':Sta^lk^^^mprr6w- :.Ni«tit»: : :_'-¦ ''¦' A + ] '¦'. '¦
-'.. /.':•'-,'¦•'•.— **~~'tiUl HlJUBUrTTA— — — • : ;•;•;;:,!;
;/n-: ;^toral'''Piay;: v -- : > ¦¦:'.- ¦
' SCBJ<;X LfMaaaHaMaMaJ '! Success -
Betleril^^Tfe flE flome«ei^ ;
¦'. Matineet ti?~Pay aad To-Morrow. .' :-.
'.. : : ' p0ajlN(34-T%^f. : B^Rqp M A3TER. ' • • r! ,
;•; '""...- ' :¦' ¦" •:.- \ LAST wfcisk OF-:"''-'-' '-.;' !;.:':•"••' ' !
. , '. Th«. Burlesque Hit Qf. thi Seauda. • '¦••. • ' '
Replet* WJtb New.'Sbsrs.. Specialties ao4 •"'
.' . ¦ : '•.- ' Novel-Met. . -..>'. .. .". '. -
• ... - Our TJjjexceHed Cast -.and Chorn^- '." ' ' '
.' . '¦ Matlaisca Saturday .- aad Sunday. • •' • •
• .'. ".. '. . SAME. POPULAR PRICES. .. : .- "" ..."
spricz-r-yixi aioxdat night,. •
••;.:. -' ' FlritVProggctJon'- of.' ' • : ./-. "¦ .
' • ". . "oowir ] ±bm. inrx.^ -•"•. '• '•"
. . • ' (Bf Howard Jacot. ¦ E«|.> . -. " : . : ' -• -
... A. Hlfarfously Funny Burles-rJ«- - '"
„" : ¦• Absolutely New and Oriy.rial. ' "-.- ""
.. ¦Tbr«« Gr«at Acts and Twenty Sp«c!*W«t. .:
DAISY WARCOURT
And a Splanflid ShUrw Er«ry Af taraooa .
- ° and ETBntnsr'la. (a»; Tneatar. ¦ - - '. °
.- -.". /'...TAKE A. itoB'dV THE •••;....'•;•
tfxirxATinus electbio BAjxaoAs.
• THREE 6ABTU0NS'. IX, Tfl? ZOO.. : .-
¦•:' "liirs.BECT" cabaret pE la >iort: :.- •*
¦p^n^irAtrtn ¦¦- EiEOTBic roTjarTAia .
. . ¦ ' . -¦> -ijigpiA^ - ~. TO-ixxdJcr.- '.:¦ ' • - ¦: " •'.
' ADMISSION- :.i './.. :.«fc-"l .CIIli-OR.EN'-: •••-•'•• -.V;" '
'. . ••Wi^pP,nenli«.A8lc-for-. t -T{ift.CiintM|^^
J6 images; Year
V AD VERTISEMEXTS.' '._¦¦;_ .' .
Clioiliiliii
'- -':^V—^ : ;.-..'¦¦¦-! /' : ¦;"
. -"You; will ! '
.'¦ •¦¦-'¦¦¦•¦^': ; v .': !!^>ackage«tf"--". - ; : : ¦¦; " .''!
BAKER'S
. J- . in Eifrope and • ArtiericaV
Estabilthea 1780. DbRCHSSTEa; . MAS?. • '
Qnirifi D0Nt^ TO
>. '^¦¦¦¦}^ ,:- : ; COURT. Zronhpnx
SflttU''- roorx^ the EMPIRE
r^pV^-^? ;I>ALMROO.M;'th«
linilTU^ LOUIS XVvPAR,
AltUUtt XQjj;: ina the LA-
II~* a! i DIE$* WR1TINQ
v|lOtelS; : ;y>9if. :•;-•;•:;•?;¦;••;;••
carrTiE Genulns kust Baar :
• 1£ IVER .. Fz>Simt!e Signature • .. '
y pills. -^ _^>«— * -ii.
-'•'.• .' - •- ¦¦•¦ :':¦'¦••• '""•¦•¦'...- ;¦ :• '¦•¦.•¦' .i~':'- ¦*>.•','•.:.'}.: r}Xri^
Just Out! \
Sunset Mlagamne
For October
¦'"'. •!¦.">• V^'"Sb^evAttracitiye : l?eatureS : :;^;: §S>;? Hg^j
Cover Design aryJ Tbree-Pige Colored Insert .....^".Edwird Ci*cuel . ; . ¦ . i
.Ffontispiece '. ...'. . . . .' j .1 - •>• . <*i •> . Skirmish Line,- Atiscaderb ¦ . • ..: '-.
California's Army Camp — Comment and • Papers by-MaJor-Generai. : : : ..' • ' '.
. • ' MacArtbur,' .GoVe»« • Pardee ao<r Nine. 'Other Officers \iad, ' '¦¦:. J " .
:¦'¦¦ ¦ .-Officials*. Twenty-Nine :Flne Halftone Illustrations.; :. ': : ." • >:."
The Pensacola, Sloop of Var '.-.<. \>.\. \.\.^.[i. ...FrinkJ,; Bramhafl . . ¦--.- ¦;
Dairying in- Oregon . . . .-- . . .'. . ll. ;..*.. i . t . Etnina Seckle.Marshall' • • j
• . A ge^'.Emp^—ftmnaW'Cotifl^ i- !!¦'.-
. The Hour q{ His Release. (-Story) „. . . ; VUbof Tdnipkins, /: .-
Olive Industry, in CaUfprnia.'/ v ;.v;. : ;.*.i.-.-.;-.J.V; .l/L E. Dudley' \ '¦ .•
' • • How Ahnonds Are Qrowia : ; . •.•;.,.;'. • . : '. ¦.'» . Kafharlric A; Chandler. • '. ;"
The San.Pedro. Breakwater.. .-i .-.'..'. i;..:.: Charles Frederic Holder . ; . \
.' Between Two Rlvers.-*Sutter County ,• . i , . ;'; . . Marjguerlte Stabler : ' . . /
. .Temptation of Ant^U;(Stoqr)i-.-..:i*lV..^. r ,.'..BeUeH; Kant : . :
Thrpu'gh "yestern.Eyea ...'.:. : : :'v : . > ; >'.;-. ; V.Cyeprge '.Ha'naHii^tch!; V; ¦•
• . •../" ":• .'¦•• .; fr';:-
> ; / 10 i^nts aCopy Irqni^^
j ORBANI AND. SON;
i johi JP, .¦ K«inedy' ' *a'd Carrie Beynbldf ;
! • : Two Pncki ; T. : Trpypllij, : and : Orph earn :
! ' -¦ *lotip» *ictnre«, Sfcowln* "VtTMfmXl.'!'
c '•¦-: tie .-¦.Great'- ' Comedy- • Success, and - "A"
1 Drajna ia th* Air/' • I<art Tljnep aX M*.-
|. : wa Kn. HowMd Traeidelli Marveloas
1 !.: . Melrose •. Troape ; Lawion and. Najnon,
'{' ¦'¦ and :3imiM : : aa<J Boanie rarlfey. \ .V i ; - •- •'•..
ft :Reeular ; Ma:ttaee»i:very. Wednesday. Tliuri-
¦: day. : Safvira«y and Sunday* •: " •: '-' . : - ; ¦¦¦-. -..",- --' :
' v.-"-; J .'-PRia:j5- i pc.' .g5o : »nd:C0e,. j. -¦¦;.:;' i-V;-'
: !v: ; !-i^^tcnniB •; : : xo&*t±^ :^?' : .-<
: £'ffijffiifflB^jflijt* -'writi^^ M i i T^^y^ic* it ]!f i >^;-' -.?''
WIZARD OF OZ
j}5^O;v.;l^.- ; Tinie ;
'\; ! ..;'v ; PEWi?fX IJfG/XEXT; ' ; ifOJvCA..^ '"JJfG'^ '¦•/•>'•
Frank Daniels
- In the Laughing- .ilasicat, Beauty Slip*,' '
j . : . -.•¦'¦¦ -.•¦ ;. ¦ . seats' >i3W; beAOt.-, -'¦ ¦ '.: ... : i ;
'; ¦.'¦-';¦¦-¦ ' SEcoaro -«rifEx .'¦•': ¦.'•¦. ;i -;!''.V-
. Of the Brilliantly Succesafut Cproic pp^ra,
.^B&. :^ ' '. MATINEE TO-DAT.- •"- ' ' : 'PP
. • '.. Sanw ¦ Prices . . -,; .tee.: 00e.- TSc; . : ; ¦. : '-
. ••''•';¦•.¦ ¦'¦'" li'-Preparatioa'". ¦-'.¦¦'•-'' ¦/'•.•¦ ' :
PER RASTEUSifilbER'
• . ¦¦• . ' ; .. • . - • (Th* il(ra*«tra'p .rPedaiey.-y - : '. ., ¦' - -
'•A T : 'ih A T7 A T> ' fiasco-* Mayer,
. ... . - •• :."; ". ¦¦.¦¦¦.•:.••'.-- ; . General Manager/
TO : N1GHT ABO kVTtHAX MIGHT.
- .'; ..iLASI MAtLS'EB TO-DAX -. .'.
¦fcvg..-25e to" "5c: .Mats.- Thurs & Sat.; 23c to 50c •
' lA/.'Jht 1 ! yfei^ANtt^HE AlCAiAH;CO.; /¦
i.e >..pranrt. Revtyal flit fttchartj;' ilarilngD-avis'
V-" ;: :-. -'.Drift matUed by- Ausiistus'. .Thoraaiau- '-.
-¦¦; '; /iirtndityr. 6rt^'. 3. iFAltfeWEX,!. WEEK- - : ','
MR.' WKtTIXJESBT; His A RMA.SD Di; VA1. te
;¦¦•/.-•'. •-.•'.¦"• 1-'.. : . -.: ,"/"eA : Mix,tje^ '.;-.;¦ _.-,';••:/. ;v ¦¦:;.•¦.•• :
:>IsLrkct '.'Strecl.- n«ar Etg'htlj'— -Phone • Sqath_533i'
'!!'.; : ;; !Tp^ftHTitA^;:TilflEE: .'-NBJH$a;:>; •,'•!,'
'¦ MEAirtKEJES ' :1 T<>-MpRItQW • ; • AND, "-JSpSTDAj:
. isAgixiOcfrsii pfo*jct!ftn '*? :'tte^Matchless Call-.
• ".'•.•. •--•'.;¦. : l' .;•'.' fp'rnUt :Dpama,- : . .-•.-.;. : ". :>.;- .'¦¦•.-.
Adapted' from' tjie famo«i| : story «f.tiie Sierra* :
.'..• ;.:• .¦¦¦'. '. £y JCHKjuia ..MUfer. .".•.•.:;.¦:-.'
DtoirPC' "'•- -"ISVithinfcii. . ,,-.i.i.'.v....-» ilOc to: COc
rtvltpij . MitJiieVs .-..i.>.. :,..- iOc: 13f, 25c :
Hext— DI^ALESS -:XN. WHITE WOMEar.
SEATS, NOW SELLING
. ."- • TJi« Beautifol.-Moraillty Play. .. .
ST.. THE -BEN OBEET COMPAHT
I • '.ATLTBICHALt ••¦¦'¦¦ .
I ¦ •'• : .-Every.: Nlrht N'ext Week ; "... .
» ¦ Matinees Wednesday and Paturday..' . . ¦
j PRICES ..,:.. r ; .:.. ..: . %\ .SO, .%\. TO aa4 73a
JpSjEfliBFiVIANlV,
TXfi OBEAT VXA3TXST - :
f\ llW A/Yl E» R /* T H El /\ -T. '¦&. R i
.Tuesday "and: Tfturtijay 'Nijrhtp. ': Oct. 4-C'
• ' • ¦¦ ¦ Sfaturday .Ma'tliM*." October '&.'.' '"." ' ¦
: , Price*:.^v^.i.;. ;..,.*2.. $180. tr-itiul-tBaj
•¦• : ; , At Shiirinani; &Ay 6. Ca'i. . .. ¦ ¦
-¦ :/. Farew^£.nnrnrt *x»imiiltb' Gomcifrt: : - •• - .'
«¦ '.The: rjietln^uJsJijMl- -Ptitaa- t^ohrut " goprahq, ¦-•
: ' SmfM.$2 t<>- TSo-rat :Shernian.-'cia3r &'-Cb.'-»l "
Special -Kite' to: i&qsic Teac.fieri and, Btodeptfc.
•: V- ': ."> BfeCIlfeATiQN J»A|tK. \" "•' . -' .'
¦*".-V - '*f«1»t.ft-.»nd '..HaTrlson- «trie*ts. •'-¦—• ¦-..'
. •.- !frfiI)?!lESl>Ay.V THtTRSDAT. PRIbAX." . ;
•: ; • •¦.•-¦¦..';. ¦at-3;3O p. m." ; •-.' " •" • • . ••
' '. , -. ••' :.CATV&pX.Y-,.3 p.-m.\ . *'. . . • •-.
' • .. : ' ... • 8UK0At.-24?to'p::fti.- •. ; . ."' •
•LaxinCS FREJE' THURSDAY" anil =.ntH>AT.. '
• Advance-. Bais.ot Mats at S. Stockton;. it... ..'6EPTKVRER LICENSE COLLECTIONS —
Ttx Collector Edward J.. Smith issued a" state
m«nt yesterday nbo'wln* that the llcenso -re
«*tpu of all ldnd« for September. 1904, were
•2SJ82, »« awlret J2S.672 75 for September,
W05, a c&la of f 100 25.
PORTLAND, - Sept. ffO..-^-; Brigadier
General ; - Constant; 'Williams i arrived
here to-day from San Francisco.' 'Gen
eral. Williams 'has."- been "appofnted sucr
cefcsor to. 'General Frederick Fiinston as
commander of the Department, of : the
Columbia; with" headquarters 'at \Van
couver,-Wash. v yJ*^®Bpjg - : " ; ¦•">;.¦
Fiinston's Successor iri Charge.
leadv butrEehton's. playing. in the Oak-'
laiid . game," and " especially- :^rs drop-.- "
kicking,- seem? likely" to ¦ land ;th'e. posi- ;•
tioh .for- him.-- Vahdervoxt." from"' Palo •
Alto, arid. Cadwalla'der," from Pomona. •
will be' the halfbacks. The latter will,
do all .the -punting for" the teant At
present Moody, from Belmont, is play* '•
ing full, but should. Pemberton." from •
Mtesipn High, get back into shape he
is/llkely to usurp the formers place. '
• ;. ' Chief-;; Engineer. ; .'¦jS&ius.s-Ler-. -pf ? * "the
liis -testimony ¦ yesterday 1 , afternoon -i" fn.
Court-rdom.': .' : He i.produc'ed ..a".: diagram"
showing Y'lhe"'-". conduit; and
"system. in..thls. city/ a;hd; said tha.t the
wor.k was,' the ' best; and; the materia.1
the' l? es t L th3.t -could -be -found.'' : .'.:.¦::
Erisiiie<er Schus^lerc-Diescribes;
NEW YORK, Sept. 30.7-^A severe
earthquake has wrecked the" Govern
ment building and four schoolhouses
at Talcahuano,' according to a Herald
dispatch from Valparaiso, Chile. The
Quiriquina lighthouse was ruined. No
deaths have been reported.
Earthquake Wrecks -Buildings in Chile
The Sheriff's deputies yesterday
served a writ of attachment 1 on the
Inverness, 135 .Mason Street, at the
instance ofA.*F. Chjamot'for J1050.
The attachment is the culmination of
the divorce troubles of T. S. . HlgginS
and wife; Funds belonging to : Hig
gins supposed .to be in. the Aiigk>-Cal
ifornian Bank were also attached and
thirty-five garnishments were placed
on the tenants in the lodging-house to
prevent removal of the furniture
therein. • .- ¦ jKffiM^j ....__.
Hotel InTcrness Is Attached.
" Frank Fannon. " -alias Chamberlam,
who pleaded guilty'in- Judge' Dunne's
court to two charges of burglary, "was
sentenced j yesterday to. se'rv'e two and
a half' yfiars in San Qtientin on iach
charge. - He." entered.. the 1; rooms' -of G:
F. Mann/ 205 Third' street," and Lecn-,
ard: Smith,'- 640 Hpward ...-street,'. 1 ', on
June -2 2.- • "Wiliiam -A.; Dargan, '• an;e?
spldier, tried j for" | assault • to " nlurder
and • convicted of assault ¦ frith j a dead-r
ly weapon, was sentenced .to serve two
years .in 5 San"" .Quentin.' He -stabbed
Lizzie Kazluasky in -her room atvil29;
Dupont " street . on". January . 2 4 3 an^d »at-'
tempted.: to kill" himself. .'- • ¦. ¦•
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
..-Complaints have beep received by
the poUcefrom'young women who aVe
frighteped by. the 'actions of a youth
about t9 years. of age." He grabs- hold
of .'an ankle, giv.es It a twist -and usu
ally succeeds In making his victin? fall.
: aiiss Lena- Davis, stenographer for
J. P. Giilesple at 10 9 -California street,
and Miss Emma Maurer, steh.ograp'her
for CoWles & Logan in the. same build
ing, are", two ccf the- complainants. Last
Monday morning- as each started, to
climb. ;the" stajrway her-, ankle was
grabbea'.frpni behind and a sudden
twist'made her "stagger and. falL Their
assailant, quickly 'disappeared.. . .'
:. Mis5"-Dayis.'was. so-scared that she
.was' -utiaUle. fo *ive'.a.' description nt
her * assarilanf;; but T Miss -. Maurer .de-".
scribed. •him ' as abjoarf 1^. years of age,
smooth fhaven;-"heaTqr^uI-Id and* we'aj--:
Ing .a dark suit of" dlpthes.- - . • . '¦:.'¦.
•of ; Ybtith \Vho .\niuso.-i Himself
-. ; by Frightening Them. ;¦*¦ :
Young \Vqnicii Complain of the Action
J*OTJC]E AKE :SEARCHiN€t " - ;.
- . FOR ;AX AXRLE GR:\BBER
.- .The". BtaBlem'en -afcmit -the" per^orm
an'ce:-of .ma-nj' of- the acts complained
of, but, declare they were done "peace
fully and respectfully" <or the purpose
of inducing the plaintift -to grant its
employes" ternis'of employment in ac-.
cordance with, the argreernent pre
sented by the union. They admit that
they- agreed among, themselves peace-"
fully to request .all the employes of
the plaintiff tp quit their employment
until "the terms were granted. " They
deny tonspirac'y-to force the port-union
employes by threats- of violence, to
break their contracts, but admit that
they bought "by request" "to prevent
new employes* fron* remaining Jn'em
pioyznent. -They deny that they way
laid non-union employes. They admit
that they maintained not more' than
two pickets in frqnt of the' plaintiff's
stables to announce to the public
"peacefully and: respectfully" that the
stable- was unfair and to request per
sons not to patronize it. . * *
The points involved, in this* case,
from the plaintiffs viewpoint, are
Identical with 'those ' In the case of
Pierce against ;the Stablemeri's Union,
in "which -Judge Hunt "penhajiently en
joined the union from committing tha
acts complained- of. . .:"¦/.
},; ¦ Aa -answer, was yesterday by
' . th> ISfaJiJernen'-s : u.nion io the suit, of
/;itbe:. •; H'ayes ;Valiey;. -Stables jf or "• ia66
damages" .anil.. an" .'injunction. if>re\'ent-:
". ":.ing the~ union f^onv mainlaming".^ boy
: .."cxytt-And : interfering. ;;.with-.ti?e . plaln
.' -tiffs b}n?iness 4jy.means-.-of .pick" e'fs- and
'.". intimidktionl.' .- .^ \ "- : '|-- : '.'-.• '•"'• •¦ :
JFUes ' Answer ; jf6. JSuft. for.- Injitnctlpii:
. . •;. anH^cnles ili% Use of .Forc^ •" :••
v'-.':- : ... A'-l-^;-. pr^hfcats'ir' [¦..¦'¦•.'¦:/¦¦..¦' ;-.:
¦\'.?"v:;::' I^S.-:ACl:S; AKE '. PI2ACEFUL
These f pur men .have made: wonder
ful- records this ' season ."and- -tneir ¦ ca
reers have been stamped, by. some sing-*
lularAperformance .".-or ; :othe:r\ v Oyerairis;
given ;credit.: for winnirrg ; the penhant
tor ' .th^iirst; half "of the^season ;fpi :)th^
:Tacbma: :Ti^ferg, r :and...W
n.ati'.rnanaLgers to ¦grab'liiTri up. eagerly
far.hext "yeiir^' .-" ¦ ; . • • .- ¦¦'¦''. ''!¦¦'. : :
¦ vNeVvtoti' is- conVidered; one. of the best
pitchers r i»"' the. businesjf tdrday.i ' but,
iike all .southpaws;-he" is "afflicted with
that" "erratic streak. ¦ He stands at "the
head ;Of ;the list"' in-' winning j games . at
the; present.- time.'. Last year'-the big
SQu'thpaw".16d the league,, and it seeing'
the" same .'honor will -.be- his again and
by. a larger percentage; • • • ?"* . •
,' Jimrriy., Buchanan -is the..- steadiest
box 1 artist in this league .and perhaps
ln.tVie country. But. for-his-magnlficent
tw.irlin^r. Oakland' would be" at the bot
tom of. the "cellar.- Buchanan" holds the
season's ;strike-out 'record • pf .twelve
arid-he also possesses, the" proud honor
of eleven" ccrisecutive.. victprle's. -The
St. Louis. •"¦Americans .did well ¦when
they signed Bucha'nan* for next . seasons
." Joe Corbett is an In" and outer." yet a
great, 'pitcher;. " When Joe came.- back
from t St.- Louis- to join : Uncfe's' squad a
few : months ago, " he j was'" invincible. 1 . Of
late '.the > opposing ! batsmen. .have, been
able to do several- things tp the former
pride -Of .Baltimore. ; .WJieh. Cprbett is
rjght and .the", teaih ; is playing bali . be^
hiiid him, . it Ik aiffictil 1^ ; indged.\.ta$Gpr'e:
a; : ruii'off (hirn> but: iifrhen-he. isObadj :h»»
is I teal : bid and '¦ the : easiest, •pitcher in
tbe'league: to.-beat, .f..'.' ¦'¦¦ rr-V;,;-; : :l..-' : ,- ; ;-
. : The • Pacific Coast Ba"sjepail League
can 'boast pf r^;C6rpi;Ot ;;titthers.thiit.is
unrivaled ih: any other • minor organ
izahon in America; Every team new
st'rugglih g'.-f or the ; pennant " f h Vthe. f ar
West is We iv equipped with quryetpss^
>rs;-.. the • crearn y «f • the ¦ .talent .being
Overall, Newton, Buchanan and Cor-!
bett ';-¦¦.: -.;C:} ;; -."- ¦ ": -..;. ' }f{\ : : :!i;.-^ :-"' ; : .:"'::-• : A '¦¦
¦ . The lasf. cricket -rhatcM fpf tht> ¦chirri
plcitishiR petvnirit. of- 1904 ; will beVplayed
to-tn.orr'oWj.on : thevAIari*ed a ;. 'ground,
beivvee'h' 'the ; Alameda;- and the ; San
•";" County elevens," Each . club
'y>.i|l irnake. the ..most • vigorous .eftprts
tp. secure ;a 'victory, &&' the' winning of
the : E'erinarif. • defends upon the result
of the" encftuhter. • ;¦•, ¦.'•;'':"•."•'.. '.-:." '¦: ',' .-. '•. -';' : .;
"¦': • Thc^; San Francisco County Club te
tjie leadei' In" the perceriiage table by a :
Bin'allv 'niargi'y^ ' : /- but .•;^Vyict6r3rj-.Qf ; ,"^i.h.e •
Alanieda- eleven ! woulti" " wipe. Out .the
.]Sap.^jrt^ci5c6;""t^ja^ : i/",fead;";iind; : .^^
the ; p'eiin'aM. 16 ;thG:.Enc^ial Cjiub.. - ; A.
drawn ¦ gjame, •- counting .^ne,;. point tp;
each ¦"•club; :-'^G 1 ufd;ma^"e..:the''.^-n./"-E'raii*;
qiiscp County: Oiub,- whiQh 'at- the; pres'
eht. time- has": a slight lead,, the' >Vihne'r,
.".The AlaTneda .teaVn v wiU.;con3ist. 6i..G.
Harold Ward (captain), F.. Jf. Gfpll, F:
A.' Stahl.-S." M.. Foster.. F. • S. "Price,- J.
"H.-- Saunders',- Ge.brgei.Croll,.,." Harry "
Bird; . }V. '..Callaway. \ ; G." i:' Baugh
and. V." Seebecfc- "v> r . Callaway • is • a
newcomer who has". just '¦ joined, the. Ala - ;
meda club 'and'.has .been[ put into the
tpam -to' fill the -gap' create.d- by the
.absence rom the city- of . W. ¦ H. • ;.'Mc-
Naugltfpn. . • ¦ :"' ." ' ' ..; * " '
The" San Francisco County team , will
be: made : up of Harold B; Richafdson
(jcaptain).v E. \ M.. Peterseh,. T. \J. Av
Tiedeoiann, P. -R." -John, ..Henry" Rob]- '
erts, E.. J. . St^ittpn, W. R- j Stewar t, ; H.
F. : Pepys/,A. C. CEadwick, 1 . A. t)ayie?
and H. Dlxon of W. E.- RookerV"
." Cricketers" in "this .^neighborhood are
. m'uch please'd .at • the • announcement
'.made at" the. last meeting of the Park
Commissioners that! a, cricket ground
will be constructed Mn Golden Gate
Park. ; This js-; in • pursuance of. the
policy • ot\ the- . 'Park ; Commissioners^,
w'hlch-is .to provide facillties : 'f6r /every,
legitimate., recreation 1 . . in the ••people's
playground.. v The ; establishment^ of ¦¦; a
"cricket vgrSund j JiT: the.-- park y' will.; do.
much to help- .the r game, .riv?»ig .large
numbers', of .'people^an .opportunity-: to.
become faniiila'r .iwith it • and tQ'.appre-
ciate; Its points. A/ committee of .tjdck-;
eters, .consisting .;of Cal-tain \ Metcalfe,;
vice president" of i the Calif ortiia Gricket
Association; /..Harold v B. " j Rlcha^didn;
captain ' 01 > the^.San Francisco : County
p^^Dr.Vb^yN;'^a^oV;Ot7thfe : .^«'clic
Cricket T qiub [.-¦ and . .Arthur ' ihkersley,
secretary. pf - the-^ association. ".werit. but
yesterday ; to! Golden v Gate . \\ Park 5 . ' to
consult with. Superintendent Joh~n M<>
Liaren .with regard to, the extent-;6f the
grourid'and its preparatloh.'" ' '•'»•; ' '
¦ . Gec-r : ge t'Pv "C^p'tilira bethoVEht!;HVm
sieTt!'-qt -the Grandr J-otyl and ..: WJeiit/be-;
iorej.'jft- writ li ."-cltairiges.. -a gains t .-".K(drry -"Wi.
Q'dttepV "i^t-i^e^rWc'f^^i^tJfii; op^:
jerirtlh^:- the /Police; Com-:
pointee." and: aUftp.^sn.; dp|llns -^flted. •*
f<)rri^i jcOniniaint" bejpore. the^ exectt^ye
thfe..-<iuai'ter , : ot/.geiting, "the- = scalp -.trf ¦
tie; ; vqfif et, if 9r;:^>2 : r^iDu.!Jarttrv: C The'
(Jrand/'Jury^ : 'pfre-red fpoSis'ibmtles/.and 1
th> ¦ia^'er Tsp \tnany fl^his. bri
h;isVhaRds^ (.; '/
: : ' : ¦. l'ti_ th«:'s^aiemeTvt tit> the.; Gnitt<i Juzy
it ig : -set jfprth ;'tha;t"H!4tt<m maliciously.
aiiJi-with; kjpiuofeeirlpt '¦¦ olheir: vjnTTprtMy.
tiotiYe3 -:at|ies.tftd. : jiJarV/IMra-n; ai she
"W43.coinir>sr. oUt" of : jeiin'- Pott's i-estaii
iiant : at 1129 PupAHt street! The; old
stbrj* is rehearsed at. length and then
gin iTidic'tment fQr inlscohduct -in oBSce;'
fs : prayed. for.; •.•.".¦-•.¦; •.- ' ". " -. .
i^hEjsepiS . Charges^^^ <5rQ\v!lnj;: . ptjfe.' .df
.--;.. t • Fi'»l} t. to • CfosG:" Jean . ,I*bn!s • • V.* '.: '¦ :
¦'f.."".;^>^i\ /--:¦¦ V.' : :ltesbirtw; : --'"\;'-. .;" *- s .f--V-' ; -
¦! • oii Aliiiifeda^aun^Sa
and Corhett-Fonn a Quar-
icoiiiiiN^ wants ctran» '.; ; : :¦ :
r.\ ',: :'; ;-; v. jtrnv to jnx>ict iHTTrto^
ENCINAL ELEVEN
TO MEET COUNTY
CRACK PITCHERS
IN THIS LEAGUE
Rf^erve stake— Rocked Asleep, La -Rosa, So
fala. -Reoega'dc Apachj?, Paul Diinbar, Tcftn
Hooker, Frisco Lad, Cbnrey," HlKh Born, ' Se
cretive. Gold Chain,- Aeolus. , BeUe Marie,
Mickey Free, Texas Betty, -F^hcy Free, J. E."
H., Flower Girl. Sampler. Royal Spirit. Texas
Black Lips.: •Jigamirroo. Texas Hoo Hoo. Car-'
low Boy, Free From Flaw, Amandan, Bright
Fortune, Haphazard. . • " ••• ." ¦ •• .
An .eight-dog- class-' stake -and- flfty
six-dog reserve .stake .will.- be run at
Ur.i'qn.-. Park to--mofrow". The . first
course- will be" run '-Upon the arrival. of
.the 11:15' o'clock cdiirsing. train. ' The
likely winners,:- ..'•' : ..' .' .
dl3?s "stake — Agile Spurt, Charter-. Members,
.Gambit," McVey. . .• - . ¦. . .• .
'. 'G^ofge-Macdo^gall ptBuUff wiji'send
a- ;stroiig • string pi '. do&S; to', ttils' coast
shortly,' He Ras re?«ryed'-.two-nomiTiar.
Uons 'lor' the-.; Johrt '"Grace! Cup^ which
: wiJl.' be-.iviocth '.$3500 "this ;y fear.".;. " : : :.-.
". ...J." Walker, has ; bpiight. jriddle'r ; ffpm
2/1. II. Pa 1 kinso,n. . ,'"..- ' ; . • ". ;• • • . '•"; " ' - : ; .
• L. Cprder has" "bovght: Gatlow .'.'Bay.
from- H." Bulger.. / .'• . ¦ ¦ ' ¦/ \ ' ' ';. '" • . ¦- '* '•¦]
/.A.' G.""Hbigh'has..re.gi'steri?d -the first
¦of " "the ."VVild Trale.e-Rpsinaixt.e; • "fitterv
caHiiip- the piippy" Aunty. Tralee. - TJi^
puppies are sixteen months: old/ .'-,•'; '
' .C Mait'teson . has bought. -WarcQ, for.
meriy *in" <he kennel pf'J. Dean.." - * .-
According to advices from, the East
the ". American. Waterloo, fpr.. grey -r
hounds, will not -be- run- this. ! yearl
George "Macdougall, a .member " of the.
•American Coursing Board, 'gives, .no
reason- for this coursing' classic being
allowed' lapse.. '.- "I -..;.¦ .*;.'.' '• ¦¦'.¦_
¦ It- • Js- .considered - p.oss^tbl^ ¦ .that thi$
being., the. year, of- a eiec-'
"tijbrriV may-hay^ sQ|neUring- to d*: wfth
itj :The ¦mefitingis-alwaya.ru'njin No
vember "and once before "it ¦was .passed
ov-er -wh^n. ah : ' electibii was pending!
It .was announced 1 thVat'.Chlcagt* typuid
.bid .for tlie meeting,:, but-. thV cluh i/iiji
that city- .has/ nOt-'.-don^. 'sd. ." -The '-J big
".kerinels" ,of the " aiiddle -West" 'w-Ili
'send/representative^;, tp." tHe-MisSissjilpi
'-Valley. I^-uitUrity, making -tfiat ri. great
•evenL" •' . •• • '-.: ',' r .- '.''¦'.. ¦•¦'.:/.•¦•'¦:'¦ ' •". r ¦¦':-: ¦ ¦'¦
" Thfe-gopd' players are.drstrJblitedih;
both halves and .there will" l?e some ip
teresting" ipatlj.hes".' # In -the uppet half
.WHl'.'Alteri anti George Baker conie lo
ge.ther- in'the; first" round-. Ne.iV Baker
and' Clarence^.Grilnn als.o nieel in tjiis
rountl; TJie • winners" svni' me,et in fhtf
second round.' Cha.mplQn ..Ma'cGavin
•!s : in| the- tipper Half; bnf in the" "lower
pqrtfon.. AVJU .CoH}er. Is in.MacGaviii's'
. ,He - has !.not played m'ucb of
iaiq ' arnd.. i» "npt. In for.ral ".". Maj?^
Gaj^n'- should have' no... "difficulty" lii.'
; reaching;,the^emivfinala,:A<hereit i» exV
pected- "ha ".wiil Wef.eithei' '^.lleri.6r
•George Batter". ; GHfiinland -Nell-' Bakep
sHbuid'/ndt 'be overioQked, -a* tHey. Jikve
.a .chance'tb" jeach the. se 'mi-til} aJfc-.. ". • ;
.. .In'-' Che -.lower -haff ; R.; -X. " "\Vhitney : ,
PercyM^rdock-and' Grant l-Srntthi'will
have, to" • fight, it out 'for q. .place'.ifl
the eemi-Anals.' tVhitneJf aijd Slurdoclc
conie together first -a-nd- the ivinnclr"..v4jr
play Smith. has iieen -prac
ticing hard for .this ev.ent. and is-rn
good trim. . His "match "with Alur.tiock
will be. an interes'ting one. The match,
between the" winner a;nd. Smith " will
bring'. out some good.- tennis. ." Smith
dpes not last well, but. plays good ten
nis for. a few sets. \' ,* : . j . • : . •""¦
In the lower section .of the- bottom
half there are no high-class play.ers.
The best man Is probably Noble. He
made a fair showing against' Reuben
Hunt at San Ralael. He should" have
no trouble winning the fourth 1 place in
¦the semi-finals. V:^,"!;,;-.-^^
Play will commence promptly' at, '9
o'clock to-mprrow morning. .
The. annual election of officers- of the
California Club will be he'ld to-day.
The seven -directors elected will- meet"
at 5:30 o'clock and choose officers and
committees-for the coming. ye'ar. The
regular ticket whlph will probably not
meet with opposition is made up of
¦VV. S. MacGavln, Dr. Noble, Dr.' Hill,-
Dr. Lovegrove, F. S. Mitchell, -Grant
Smith and C. G.Kuehn. ' ¦ : ;
The "-lady players of "the park will
• meet in scratch doubles to-day. . Mls*s
Vpdden and Miss Meyer hPld the three r
time cups. Plair t will begin at" 9 p'clpck.
•The finals will be played at 2130.. •
Play will be resumed in the- first
annual Bay Counties tennis champiqn-".
ship tournament to-morrow, oii the
¦park r courts. The" event" ••was. corn
menced last Sunday, -bjut the rain put
astopto.play wh^n only four matches
had' been cpmp.iete'dL -Several' other
matches were started and play, will be
Tesumed wh'ererlt was* left- off. : : ; • ' *
CRACK PITCHERS OF" THE" "PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL ' LE\AG7;.E WHOSE
. WORK "VVITM TH-I? BALL. THIS.- YEAR COMPARER: .FAVORABLY '¦¦ WITH
THAT OF THE CLEVEREST <3F..TfIK. EASTERX Sl>AB AnTtS.TSv • • ." .
¦ ¦" " .¦. ••.-' ..¦ . .¦ •>
Meeting Is to Be Allowed
. - I>apse, Presumably Because
of Presidential . * .Election
Matches Interrupted by the
Storm Will Be- Taken . Up
To-3Igito\v on Park Courts
TOURNAMENT PLAY
WILL BE RESUMED
NO WATERLOO CUP
FOR THIS YEAR
. ; Of . course, the. final, team. has. hot
b.pcn selected, but unless soinething ex
traordinary" happens .the- follow-,
ing-will' be the make.-Up of the. eleven"
whieli • face.s 'California • On the 12 th
inst.::-" .::/'..' : -..:- >.•.'.'••¦ ••?:
'.-Coe, f^om. Belhibht;. w}ll .be center.
There." has been". a/ close flght for the
position between Cper'and- Myers, from"
¦palo.Alto, biit thef.pr.mer, has asha-de
:tli e, : best- of .the; "struggle^ ' ¦ Gay, f rOm
licdiaiid?, .arid" Myers will be the twp
guards. : .The- work of these two men.
agalrist. Oakland was good; "both " on"
oftense arid, defense; '.Tomasrnl,' frbni
Palo : .Alta, :'."' and-. Horton,. -froni Ukiaht
y/iil' l>6id down ".the jpositfons'.at. tacklea
Both ¦' hav^. ' been pl^yliig ! pn th« . viar-.'
?ity stiuad all. season, isut^OaCli tianar.
gan ' ty tit return them. ; to ;tne; f reshrhe.h:
a; ¦ I lew ; days; :bef ore -the gajrrie ;._ to .get
therh .•.'•us'ed-^to ' ti^"re^l'!-. v At:'-ends-:'tSrii.:.
son,. tro"nv-.ti0s.- i A^g'efe3;*and; : C^ ; eJcnian,.'
ft "can f'l!liri;pls r ' hawdiststneed the, other
¦(bandldaite.S- y. The latter is; *iri. especially"
strong, player; "and ge.t^ down," the field"
wiell-on kicks. ; ; •; ¦;.:¦•"*-.'. •'-.;.'•'¦."'. •-"-• • '.
'. "¦;"• 'Thy ba.ck ; ..fl.eid ; is -not- so-', settled;-
There is a merry struggle going on for
qiiartexisacle" between- Kearne,' from
Palo-'- A'lto," 'an.d Fentbni"'"who conies
from-" the" -.Multnqmah- team : of-- Port
land.. Uhtil this week Kearhe had the
.-The game agninst; Oakland.:' was
iflrst t ijrieF . t H^ t : * jEK^'^^S^^^b^-^n^us^ice^^a!:'
to '•:¦ get: the bzit;elexexi: : Tnen jn Vt^e
¦freshman 9<liiad: inter th;e gafe«- at i}i)te,,
and the .effect Vf^. H" was: encOiiTagijig.:
Mo r signatia 'were^ riji^ed" and' -tht; "line-:
¦meb jtpT.e through: -the.'. opposing '«.'-.
Vf e.Vise ' ,1 or many' tackles'. ' \Vithr the iin
prQved teiam' work; that two Weeks will
.bring,' the : 'O8 class- will -have. a ; teani
nearly as strong as . the ieam which de-r
felted., the. -California; "fresh-man • last
year by the score of : 1 2. to .6.-. The back
ifield is not as. heavy; or as aggrtsssiVe,
but this, year's line wilt be far superior
to ."that of last and will, make up -fpr:
the weakness of the back' field. -• y .
• With/ the "ireshraan JftterepUeglate
garne ; rt bare : t'wo : weeks -, off ,-.' most" of - :
the attention is., centered : pn- ii*e': tvoirk;
of th e. ¦• -y q u rtg '¦; card iha 1 ; hopefuls." ; 'Th *
playing : tht* . baby : /te^ni; did •i^atipisr
Oakla.ria Jiigh ! last ¦
latter, being defeated It tqft, j&as girenV.
it just the righv-degree <St " 1 confldenc.e-, i
ahd va nipre jaggreissiVe jga jnte ' ma^r -be.
expecteii "from the' : ireshinen Ir.bnx.1i9w:'
6b- r \ " : /-// : * : ¦¦'-¦-'••'•¦' .•':¦.¦¦¦'•••'.¦.."'".. '\-':'
;•' ;;$TANFpRit)^ tWi^RSnfsV : Sept^
3b-.-^There: his.tMeen;. little, change in;
the'yarsity.;foo.tball 'SQuad duriner the
.past .'• vi'eeki • T!h.e'.cpnisVan;t of
jCo'aeh: i^nagjin' is. having- Us .effect. ;dn
the inen 'a.ijid. .the ..toani: at; present -f^
fast.' 'I.TJiEre Js a -first an^ : a.-secqhd
¦eleven 'vnpw. j apA scri'mniages- •are'.'held;
«very .'ev.m}ng: I . ... :.'-,/• '.' ; : - ' ." : .-' ... : .'
. ;.^n"^{ja^b^ ? -*?iwill^^tJie \krfat
rprob^lejn: wjiich :.(^oacb>. IvAnagaii -has' to
¦fk&s\ .Therejisf an- absen^ff.of si;ar ; nia-
Qrk. jODeti-^cenie? ;. and "both .• "guards".'
l^Ortph-.qind Tpniasirii; '.bpth freshmen,
lead inr • tlie- raee :fpr; thpjie 'positions,
and,. ¦¦although.: both ha.ve.."beeir "pitying,
•at: the -tackles station,- they, caiv easlfy
be switched to ;guards; ' . ISprague, Van
Sickle, ..Christy 'and M6ntz$ngv all sec
ond" team .jnen. of ie'xpe'rience;,. are • in
the running and .any one of them may
be on the- fiitai .team.-. - . ..••.',-.' ¦". '•
• ¦ Center -ts probably the;; weakest «pot
on the ' eleven ' at' present! ¦" There are;
four, Hyde, Lachiniind, K.
Xlssfeh arid is. Nis3en,:ndt.p.ne^ Qf.whoni
has: had much . e;xpertence,' . 'trj'ihg aut'
for the ,.- place; V Ijyde '¦¦'¦ se-ems "to hare"
the ' lead; dii the. p thers: • jie; "Is^* he^.vy '
and hard to get. through;" but
the \agR:ressivenesa sb ;e$s«ntidi,'-td. ;a
successful .periter. "ru«hV . : The jibgene'e.'
of . Roosevelt \ in the- line '¦¦ Is .'seripusiy
felt, /as he would .; have /rifted" vthe . post-
tipii • cleyeri}';-- ;[:'¦. ..- '¦'.¦'. ¦/ '. ./?: ;^-- ; . ¦•
Gr^at
CARDINAL ELEVEN
GAINS IN SPEED
•v Mt: ahti. ilrs/ JlS&qizgegfisAl .of "C.Og-
•pes'haljs. Landing, -and- . Mr. ,-and. Mrs."
' r^lcTcards : wef* "-;gUQsts; ph /.board'" .the'
sloop "Sappho, lacs't 'Sunday, ¦ '-.Th'.e"in
clement' weather -kepi ibe.i'ac-'hf : af hf r
.rnpor Ings all; da>v : ."Mr. .^h& Mrs. .Cog
:'ereshan are" \s>ejl known as . haspita.ble
.eiifertafrrers .of -.ya'ch'tf-mon erui-si.ng-up'
.tjie . •¦Sicrsmtr'ntp .'."Rlv^r,"- .-• .-.v:.- . •• "
The Caljfbrnla Tacht Club will hold
lt£ last regatta of '.'the 'present .season
to-morrovr.' • The event is the handicap
race for the Vincent Cnp, presented hy
Vice Commodore Robert Vincent. The
handicaps have been allotted by the re
gatta : . committee, | consisting Of A.
Vekander, A. H. BaXierle and R. James,
according to the previous performance
of the- yachtiu ¦ ¦¦. '.';•. ¦ .'¦ '¦ - - '.'.'¦
The start will be across . a; Hne.drawn
from the eoutherly pler-liead .'of the.
Oakland broad gauge. mole to a etake
hoat .anchored .about three hundred
yards to the southwest,- leaving .the.
stakeboat oh the p>rt' hand thence to;
and round staSeboat at starting pointy
leavin g It oh the ; port hand ; ; .tbenCe. 'tp
and round Missiaii : -jRock. TeaVinglton;
port handV^and- thence, tp .fairish, iacross
. etartin g liiie. '. -.This^ course'- is ofljcially
reckoned at twelve :'n,aJuiieal nilles.. .• " .„
"-¦¦ The fleet Vof the eprtnthlan..: Tacht
¦Club '¦¦ wfll Xcruise 6y>r to .'Saiupalito • .to
ilight, where Anchors AvUl; Ml dronped.'
To-morrow the Cjprintliian^KieGompa-v
nied by several. of the'.San •Francisco
yachts, will cruise the. -heads.
The tide is low at : F:<?r.t • Poirit -at J0:47
a. iri,; and .fl-oods . tjo^1 : ,4^.38 • p.'.. m...'at
the same place,. 1 A- ter5« n'uinber : of . the
jaclit-oTi-ners- of l>oth'-.;.clubs-;. 'will : > t&Tce.
thV, opportunity, 'pf-.criiisfng. -Qn. -. the
heaving ': b'i Uows ojf -the.. broad' Paeiflc^-'
. Francisco VTac'ht : 'Cl.ubr has : a : .power r
boat ¦ regatta., oh /.its". -prograrnnieV :Next
Saturaay . the.: . Corinthian • tfcft:i will
cruise ': to- Pa ra-di^e .-;' Cdve;. 'and ofi "Sun-
day a sjna 11 .boat ' re^atti ' ; wJH; ;.b^ held". •
Jforhi^ fleet • will ' rriake iSausalUo;' its
rendezV0us, '(•ruisin^.6u.tside the;'heads
pti •"S.una.a>V"tHe l«-th: inst.. '-' .'¦: ..'¦-.. ¦ ;;,-.
: In- the V handicap: rice ' of ¦; ihe San
Fraii Icisico tacht -Club. fr<>m..Ya.llaj6tb.
: Sa.usaiito. last. -Siiniia^ .oiily" .f ooMf'-boats
took part. Uip iveathier ¦'wi the -previous 7
cv^nmg/.dete'cf.Jngr'miviVv of th^ yachts-.
sixth from starting. ." T'o f ¦ \vi hd : ' A'as. qo
L^ht in Mare rl^iaiiii- if . mits; ajt^ciitosu"
¦^'•h*/.tim'^.'.:'s;et7Jf^r-:-.tBe;v'st^rt/-that:-tJie !
signal frbrtithe fl?iesViiir>w-as" hot given
tiU : 12;27^3<i. Vacht5 -T)ein5r
"ailO-ti-efl:- till .12r47:3(5 ¦-. p", m.' to .cross
rthe tine penalty. ' The '.yachts.
Ktsi^^'i^rth^tollQWi^^prd^lr^ Sloop
Thetis, sloop rGUrlew. ".*Iopti. Challenger"
and schooner Martha.; • The Sloop Chal
lenger made the _b£s% actual . arid .the
.Bloo-p/CurJeTv'/.th.e t>es't . Corrected- time.
Thetis started ait--12:43 ani' finished' at
¦7:5.9^. in an elapsed time. '.o.f-- 7 .hours
¦35.:Tn.iriutef, or a^ correct e<i time- of 6.
.hours: 1$ minutes,. her handicap being
.1 ;haur. .Curlew started :a,t 12'.io:45.'
finishing at . 7 .'51 : 30. in " .an , elapsed
..time of ;7 hours- 5: rriinu.tes-4 5 seconds,
or. deducting .neralio-a'ance of 1 hour!
?0- tnittutes, in v a : corrected time- of 5
hours 4 5. minutes .4^: Fecprids.' Chai
¦Ienger^d'id riot ;crpsss -the line till the
time limit: -had expired, -.so that her
starting -Vnae;.: wa.s reckoned * ¦ at
i»:47;3p.. -She finished at .6:40^ in an
•«lapse'«i and'tOrrecfed. tlrne.of 5 hours
¦52/nitoutes 'T^'.eacptCls. she bging a.
scratch boat: The. schooner- Martha's
.starting ; time' \ \t;re reckoned '.. Sit
.12:47:30. :^he finished at Sausaiito' at
,7:16 p. m.. in an elapsed time' of . G
hours 2R minutes 3 & seconds* or a cor-
re.qted time of 5 hours 53 minntes 30
seconds, . her aJlowance beinjBT 35 minV
•utejs:. ¦ Curlew t6ok first prize. Chal
lenger second and Martha thir.d. I.
¦ Giitte's. schooner. Cliisna. ahqhored .off
: ValIejo:onSa tar flay night, but did hot
ttoss- the: Etiartlng '.fine, though she
:ea.JJed'dp»*n.''vv'!rth.the-ot'her boats. .-" ":
where they .-can \be of. service and the
railroad crossings win be well guarded.
exKJh.. being ln : cttaf.Ke : of; two deputy
polieemetik; two -employes- .of . the . rait
road'and-\twq men. appcrlnted by the
raclhg iboard of thefAmertcan. Automo
bile. Association:.. " • • • • ¦ .'¦¦:;¦ :..•.':••"•¦ '
. The. executive committee of the.."Att>;
tomobi-Ie ..Club of California has: tfp*
elded upon Wednesday the- 12th. : lnst..;
as tha date for the start from San
Francisco on the endurance, rim .to; -LiO« .¦
Angeles.- The circular, sent out by. XL
P. Lowe., chairman of the ; executive
committee, states 'that .the Tim- will.be.
.from this city. t»' Los Angeles, only, *;
'¦distance*, of 5d6% xiillfes, through -.* .beitt
tlful 'country, ::aff orpins axi excellent
tea*, of ;the •t'ourtng Jnerits- .of ,th£. inft-;
•chines.-' -.¦'¦;¦ . .!",•'••: .y "i V- ¦¦;¦/.'. : .vV-.\.v
There/ 'will b»";tw!a.'- classes 1 ; • of ' nsta^
ehines^ttorlng-.'Cara.-. carrying ! not . Ies*
than. 6S0 pounds,-, ajnji .riiniibbu.ts -carry.^:
Ing :npt. Jecs thai* 330: pfttxrtds, Incltrstye
of "passengers* . fciaggagei t6oJs.jan4.eirT
tra .parts, .hut, exclusive ':of ' watery, gas- .
<Hlne; ¦ and lubricating' ;.' oil. : -The .cars
iriust . earnr i. at.' .least, .two ; passengers;
i onjB.^edfnirytne-.Qp^rator.-;ah,d--_tn'«{'..'Ot.liiee;.
the observer: ¦• : Th? cats ;inust. be tn ;rei&
ular iouitag. conditiqn-.and;..may:;caiTC7
anvalt^rtiate .Qperiior^kit'it, 'is lid/de-:
-. Eaicfe.car. win ¦receive vSW-credlt -isf 3500 •
• points,:- one • point .- belnijj /: deiitteted -.. f <«r
ute-/: of stop- diiiing' ;-- running ¦.ibur'ft. 1
Stops /of fifteen ftiin-irtea; in. the .inornf ngri
and 'kftexnoo^r''ah'd;of orie : hour.at noon.
iocat' -. i^mSJ^s^^xa^^^cirjiiiKaj^;-:
: gassing' vehicles,' ;x5ahge*s> : -*cts. ; ofrGOd;
•tbe ; .-reiid^rifts. ' 6t 'hurciane. '' assistance,.:
•th> necessity o* 'dejir^bllityyof WaWnff,
. adjusthierits ([but not repair?)- .of ¦brakes
and; isto'ts /for' the. pqrpdse of • m^tltliig
rphotbgrkjpTijs -are" without vpe.nafty,; . : V.:'; :
[: : : The': headquarters of. thtf[ niahagrers. of
.the race'. to be held- on • 'Sst&Si j 1 , . 0c«
; the. GaVd^n- Oityilo.teJ; im Tibil? .Isla'tidy;
.tt-Is ¦ -Bjtu^tejft-'. about . inJdTOiy v8 atVeen .
the'viradt" "and;, wejs.t -.botmdartes 6t ; :tiiet
e.oiirse and has ii^ar It.a- grarase;. wh«re
.the'-bfflcral u'elghlhg-in y.iU /tsike. prace
on- • Friday:, aherjipori,' .'the; 7th- inst,
. ilahy .of the . : officials atid people Ttho
intend ;ta witness the race have ..taken
ctuarters " there." j G^od; roadi lead frorn
the'. Tiotet- to yarJbTis", point? on. the.
xrourse/ so that a- visitor/ ohc© Inside
.this : trfcn^le; can ':. get; to. .and tfom : the ¦
hotel .Tvit boilt' .crcssirig. ¦ {h e . ccrurse.- . - . '.
'• The. race- Win rake /place over a- thlr-^
ty-itrile \ triangle, -. :w.h*cb. . wlJH be kept
free fnjroi .traffic ftomS a. rn. to.S'pV m.:
;on the ;day of.tbe race. The roads ln
.tersectln^ those-. "' onr .which the ' cars
travel, will be bairred by wtres stretched
to pOsts.and wijl-.be. guarded by deputy
pbMpemeb.' ; Motinted . . xatrpis- .witf gf>
crver: : the' course*- <o. clear . the. way- and.
a : fast .aii tampb.ite : yrili '¦ be . sent around,
just, before .the :first racing car Starts.
-Watchmen will be placed at . all turns
Yacirtsmeii of Oakland Creek
Regatta
for; the Vincent Trophy
Arrangeraeht^ forFirstEoq;d:
-Automobile Eace ia.
; America Are Well Plained
GbRiE^GAFTURES ?CUP
il : 500-3IILE -JOUKNEY
(^rintUi^is:Prbp AiiclH)r at
; ToVXight aiid Go
!(]tif sicte Boilita To-^Iprrow
Trip From 'This: City, tcx Jm
. Is ilx^lta Begin
: oil -Wednesda y,- October j$
AMATEUR TARS
TO CRUISE ON
BILLOWY OCEAN
AUTOMOBILISTAS
TO TEST MERIT
OF MOTOR CARS
QUARTET OF CALIFORNIA PITCHERS WOULD BE STARS IN ANY LEAGUE
¦•J-H-fe-' SAN -FkANOSCQ- CALIv;-$AtUR1^
10COLORED BOXERS WHO FOUGHT
TWENTY DESPERATE ROUNDS
LAST NIGHT ,
(( TF my left forearm had
M not gone back on' me. In
the third round I should
have knocked Guns .out. As it
was -I nearly made him quit. I
could not use my left arm and
did all my fighting with my
right. He couldn't hit hard
enough to hurt me. Punishment
never hurts me. . At ho time
during the fight* did Gans have
me in distressl I went after
bim in every round' and landed
often on him. dans is a clever
boxer, but 'has- no punch. If I
had not hurt my left hand while
trafnhig I should have bee» all
right to-nigh't. *t seemed as if
it was broken, 'but I guess it is
merely a strained tendon. The
decision suited nic, though I
think 1 won on aggressiveness.'*
— Statement .by Joe Walcott.
WILCOTT HURTS
HIS LEFT ARM
IN THE FIGHT
Continued on Page 14, Column 4. .
NO HOEE FOR. MRS.. MCCARTHY.— Mr*.
Octavla McCarthy, who was «hot by her hua
¦baml on* September . 19 In a rooming- lioune on
Market street. Is In a critical condition at the
Central .' Emergency Hospital.- where no hope
in entertained for her recovery.',' ...
LONDON. Sept. 30. — Mrs. James
Brown Potter has announced the
withdrawal of her play, "The Golden
'Light," and not having another play
ready /will close her season at the Sa
voy Theater to-morrow night.
C16ses-Hcr Season Abruptly.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
30. — Q. *A. Hodge. '06; of San Diego
has been elected captain of this year's
tennis team. Hodge played in both
the slnBles>-and doubles on last year's
varsity team and although defeated
by.MacGq.vin in the former, showed
such form that he was easily marked
as a coming expert.
With the election of the ca.jtain
comes fall training .and an. interclass
tennis tournament in both singles and
doubles. -.The object of this early meet
-is to j?et the new material developed
for the harder spring work. . .' '
Hodge Is Tennis Captain-
Owing to the scarcity of hares there
will be no coursing at Ingleside to
day. - The class and champion stakes
will be decided to-morrow.
No Coursing To-Day.
First race- — Counterpoise, King Pep
pciy Consideration.
-Sct-ond race— Headmaster, -Roycllo,
Lnvator.. ." . •
Third race — Voladay, Oiseau, Chryi
sitis.
Fonrth race— -Eugenia Bureh, Gun
fire, Caughnawpga.
Fifth race - — Bluehnr, * Raiment,
Dance Music.
. Sixth .race — Gravina. Stolen Mo
ments, Ciricinnatus. ' .'¦ > >?'• f
, Condition of thc track — Fust.
By New York Morning; Telejcraph,
Walcott made a wild men across the
| ring when the gong sounded in the
seventeenth round. He made a swing
at Gans and m'iFsed" end then sot a
right to the head and another to the
body. Walcott lahded a right to the
body which seemed to hurt Gans,. who
rested up for' the remainder the
round. Gans did -not seem much at
his ease in. the eighteenth round, but at
the end he landed a right and left to
the head which staggered Walcott. The
nineteenth and twentieth ' were full -of
earnest fighting. Neither man could
land the decisive blow. Both came up
for the last round apparently fresh af
ter all tHeir exertions. Gans scored
with right and left to the head and
body repeatedly. •
After the preliminary boxers left the
ring .Walcott and Gans appeared and
were greeted with eheers. A scale was
lifted to the • ripg platform and . the
two men. minus even their- ring cos
tumes, and in ' m bare feet mounted .the
scale In turn " and came within the
.weight limit. 'Announcer '. 'Billy" Jor
dan raised his clarion voice and said:
"Both men . have weighei! - under 141
pounds." Qane weighed 136>£ pounds
when he left San "Rafael yesterday.
Gans retired to his corner and waited
WALCOTT'S WILD RUSH.
Both men were angry in the efghth
round, during* which they slugged all
over- the ring. Walwtt held "on. in the
ninth round and saved himself from
punishment, although Gans went after
him 'in an attempt to stop" him. Gans
beat Walcott to. several blows. ' Wal
cott missed one swing and stepped into
a hard right.. The thirteenth was Wal
cott's round, as he tried rough tactics,
which Gans could not avoid. The six
teenth was one of- the hardest rounds
of the right. Walcott did some effec
tive work in the clincnes- and kept
Gens 'on the defensive. - " . ¦*.
later oft in th'e fight arrd Gans gave
his opponent a gentle shoye after head
ing him in the Tight direction.
STANFORD -UNIVERSITY, '• Sept.
30. — The Stanford varsity football
eleven will play Its. third preliminary
game of the season to-morrow after-:
.noon against the Olympic Club of San;
Francisco. The gam© wi.ll be played
on the Stanford campus and will be
the hardest that the college team has
had so far thia year. Two weeks ago
1 the club team defeated Stanford by
a score of 6 to 0i r-ut.the' heavy prac
tice which the Stanford squad has un
dergone in-the meantime. ought to; in
sure a. victory for .the co.llegians to-*
morrow. The line-up— of the- teams
i will be as follows:
: Stanford. ' Position. • Olympic.
! CJark I--- E. R ........Harper
I Thompson ; L- T. H ...McFadd«n
' VanSycklc U.O. R. Keegan
| Hyde C Cavanaugrh
i Tomaslnl R. O. L. :.....Gaffey
1 Shields...-. R. T. L... ....... .-Martin
(Smith R- E. L -. Goachen
.IJansharh Q Smock, captain
i Trowbridxe ; . L. H. R Moody
I Chalmers R.'H. L ; Bshop
Vv'eller F ; • Slaker
Again This Afternoon. *
O|lytnplc Klekers Meet Cardinal ".Men
¦ - — ___; .¦¦>¦.-. . - —
STAX*X>R-D' READY: TO
'.•By. the. Chicago inter-Qcean. • ;
First race— Dod Anderson, The Fog,"
The F.oruni.. : ¦ / ".. . • .
Second race — Lord. Dixon, ' Gold
Enamel, JIlss Jordan. : "• . V 1 . .
Third race— Bad Nc\vs,- Reservation,
Magistrate.- . ' •':'¦ ¦. ' ..
Fourth race-— Aden, Nannie Hodge,
Lampoon. .;•".' . ,'. ; '
F'ft" race--Malakofr, Lpti Woods,
The Way. " ; •-.- " : ' •••¦ • ' • ", ,
§lxtli racc^-Barkelmore,. Joe Martin,
Marco; ...'..¦'. '. • • ' .'.'.¦
-Condition of the track-r-Siow. : :
WORTH SELECTIONS.
There were criee for Britt and Jim
my responded; He trij>ped^ through the
.ropes with his accustomed grace and
was announced as "«he only • Jimmy
Britt.". Gans strode from his corner
and grasped James by his right
"mitt," and then Jimmy, in order not
to enow any partiality, shook "hands
with Walcott. When the noise had
ceased James niade a bo.w, and, rais
ing his voice, said:
"Gentlemen, I will. he brief. I know
you all want to see the fight. About
a week ago I agreed to flght Mr. Gans.
There is no reason why I won't fight
him and I am still open to flght him."
'There, was further cheerteg.- The
men posed for the customary pictures
and at 9:35 the gong sounded the open
ing of the' battle. • -.
When the tickets- and money . had
been counted the box - office statement
showed there was a • $6688 gate. The
San Francisco ; Athletic Club, under
: whose auspices the men fought, al
lowed the men 55 per cent of the gross
receipts. This was to bo divided 75
p«f cent to 'the victor and 25 per. cent
¦to ?.he loser.. The -draw decision -brought
about a division of, the 'purse,.; The
Jack " Johnson was . introduced and
modestly acquiesced when Announcer
Jordan said he would fight any man in
the .world. Visions of Jeffries did not
scare the intrepid negro heavyweight.
BRITT IS INTRODUCED.
for things to commence: ' "
Walcatt created a great deal of dis
pleasure by returning to- his dressing
room ' and remaining' there for fully
half an hour. The "Barbados- ponder"
needed some stimulant, naving fasted
In order that he mfght make the"pre
scribed weight. Gans grew nervous
over the delay and the crowd more so.
After, much hooting* ana -jeering- Wal
cott re-entered the arena. Gans was
introduced, as the. "lightweight cham
pion of the world" and Walcott as the
"welterweight champion of the world."
. "Kld - * was also presented and- during
thc announcement "Billy Pierce" and AI
Hereford became, involved in a* quarrel
in Waicott's corner. Pierce pushed
Hereford back and Her*ef<>rd expostu
lated-with him. The dispute .was over
{he bandages worn by Walcot.t.- It ap
peared that Walcot.t had .an inch of ad.
hesive- plaster over his "right knuckle
and •Hereford feared it might do dam
age if It landed on Gan"S;jaw. Aftfr
•a heated argument, during which it
seemed, the battlewould not«take place,
Walcott removed his Vlump of piaster"
and the men girded themselves for the
fray. - - : ,
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
' NEW YORK. Sept.* 30. — Following
are.' the entries • for^ tb-mororw at
Gravesend: . " :•.""•
¦First race, about six furiongs, Mi'llnr,'" two-
year-olds Bnd up, $1000 added — Old England
108, Pat Bulger 106. Monograph 106, Memphis
luV Reticent 103, Counterpoise 103, Consider
ation 101. Tol San ICO, Clear the" Arena 100;
Palctt* 100. Vlona ICO. Australlna 100. Missing
Link 09, King P*rP«r t>8. Geranium 07. . ¦.
Second race; steepkfhase, handicap, . about
two and a half miles.^hree-year-olds and up,
$1000 added — Lavato* 1C2, Headmaster' 1M).
Spencer Relff 138. Hoyelle 1W>. The Ragged
Cnvaller HO. Gascar 130. CandMns 139.
Third race, the Prospect handicap, about «ix
furlongs two-year-olds. $2000 add^d — Jim
Beattie 103, ¦ Olseau l.">2, WIM Mint U7,
Chrysltis 113, Austin All-en 97; Pasadena 111.
Bank OH, Woodsaw 120, Burnt Hills 119. Vola
day 1C4. Flyback 115. (VoUday and Flyback,
Thomas entry.) ,.,.-- '
•" Fourth iace, th? Oriental handicap, one and
a quarter miles, all ages, $2500 added— Beldame
123 C^ughnawaga 127; Lord of the. Vale IIS,
Eugenia' Burch. 110. Major.. Dalngerfield .110,
Africandor 118. Gun.flr«- 114, Proper 100,
Dainty 114, Alan-a-DeJe 109; Carbiincle . 105,.
(Prop?r and Dainty. Jennlnga entryO -.
Fifth '-racf, . about six furlong?, maiden two
year-olds' purse — Bill JJailey 110. -King Col?
HO -Llm«:rlcK 110. Gedarstrome- 110; J3lucher
HO' YorkKlllre " Lad 110, Perry Wlckfs: 110,
Grand Slam 110. Jim B 11.0, Ddnce Music 10J.-
Kas.«!l 107, Raiment 107, Bella* Slenora 107,
Princess Erls 107. Small Lartv 107. Bisque" 107.
Sixth race, -one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds.and up, selling, $1000. added — Brigand
1C8 Cinclnnatus 10S-. Gravlna .105, • Stolen Mo
ments • 103, Proceeds 105. Keynote 103. Stone
wall 103, Reveille 103. Hydrangea 103, Hood
wink 98, Midshipman 05.
SIXTH RACE— 'One. and a sixteenth miles;
selling- three-year-olde and upward:
V* tting, Horse. Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Pronta. 1133 (Kunz)..,.. 2 12 11}£
2 to 1— Oravlna, 107 (Redferrt).. 4 3 1%2 —
V *o 1— Little Em, 102 (WDavs)lO 10 3 2.
% Time 1 :40. Start poor. Won handily. Win
ner U.de Annan's b. m. by Falsetto-Volan
tress. Homestead,- Glisten,- Saie," Proceeds,
Garnish. Arachner. Pentaur. Court Maid. Cot
tag eMald, Gay Lothario, Fort PJaln, finished
a* named. . . .
First race, six furlongs, selling— Dod Andei'
son 104. Sparrow Cop 104, Ttovator 104, Father
Tallent 107, Heritage 107, Sunny Shore 109,
Sir Mars 100, Maraschino 108, Requlmls- 1-00,.
Lady Belatr 100, The Forum 112. Marshalsea
U4, Sioux Chief 114. Frank M 114, Wine Sap
114/ The Fog 11T. " • .
Secon(T*race, five furlongs, purse— Truffle
Hunter 100, Mls« Jordan 10O* Logistella 100,
Jade 100, Kate Zltt ICO. The -Celle 100. Black
"Art 103, Lord Dixoft 103, Oold Enamel 103. .
Third race,- one and a sixteenth miles. Calu
met handicap — Ben Chance 9tf. Ah.ola »7, Mag
istrate 1C0 Ethylone 100. Brancas. 102, . .Port
Royal 105, Foasll 105. Tribes Hill 108,-Cheboy
gan 100, Reservation 112, Bad New» 121.
Fourth race, six. furlongs, selling— J: w.
O'Neill 06. Ida Davis 07, Triumvir 07, Julia 1 M
98, Muresca' 102, Lampoon 102. Nannie Hodge
104, Orfeo 107, Burning Glass 107, Aden 117>
Fifth race one and a quarter miles, selling—
MalakofT 02, Lou Woods 9rt. O*Hagen 96 r Saril:^
06. Royal Pirate OS, Horton 99... Class Leader
101. The Way 106..- ' : . ". . • •
Sixth race, six. furlongs, selling — St. Paula
07, St. Mem-Jess 07, Marlboro 07, Mogo- 102.
Marco 102 King of the. Valley 102. Cjmmblee
102, Barkelmore 110. Joe Martla 110. . .
CHICAGO, Sept. 30. — Following are
the entries for to-morrow at Worth:
Time, 1:16. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner A.-' Miller's br. f.- by Kingston-Bonnie
Gal." Salt and Pepper. Critical, Fairy Dance,
Miller's daughter. Ralbert, Hyacinth. Inspir
ation, Mary M, Maxey More, Gaylord, Char
ade, finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a haif furlongs.;
purse; maiden two-year-old fillle.s and. geld
lrc-s: " * -
U«-ttinc. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
7. t0 f^-Coy Maid. 112 (Hildebd) 2 2 1 1%
7 to 1 — Sumatra, 112 (Redfern) 4 53 2 1H
80 to lT-Brayery, 112- (Bullman). ft 3 3 3%
Both were wild with rights and then Wal
cott again swung his rlKht to the kidneys. He
followed it quickly- with 1 another to the nine
plaoe. Cans being unable: to block it; They
cllnchedV «nd again walcott - sent, -a - terrific
right . to - the kidneys.. .*Gans jabbed :left »to
Round Six.
After a clinch I both missed l«ft lends and
Gans tlien mlrsed rtwo lefts for the face.
He Jabbed 'to the face with his right and Wal
cott smiled and retaliated with a straight
right to the bad/. Walcott received a right
chop on the head, find Gan«- followed it with
left and rluht to the heart, ; but they lacked
force. Walcott araln employed his' right kid
ney blow, swinging twice with all hla , force
and varied It with a right swing to the Jaw.
Walcott - drove his right to the body, but
a straight. ri*ht to the face sent him back'
to the center . of the ring.- Walcott drove
a crushing right to Gans' body - and Gans
countered with a straight right to the face.
The bell sounded with the advantage In Wai
cott's favor; Walcott confined" himself almost
entirely to swinging with 'right, for Gans'
body and kidneys, and the .blows rarely tailed
to land. Gan» slowed 'up considerably.
Walcott caught Gans on the - kidneys
with a right swing ahd he followed It with
several fearful right swings to the body and
kldneya, srndlns: Can v back. Gans . drove a
straight t irht . to . Watcotfs • face, but ' Wal
oott retaliated .ti-Hh two vicious rights to the
kidneys, whfoh weakened ' Gans a bit. Walcott
pffHln, iwunr his rtsht to the - kidney? twice,
Oans meeting him .with straight ' jabs to the
face. Hut they had ho effect on .Walcott; ¦ Wal
cott asaln 'Hwunj? ' hi* --unerring ,, right to the
body with pile-driving force and forced Gans to
a "clinch. Walcott used his right exclusively
and when the bell ransr Gans retired to W«
corner looking worried. It was Walcotfsr
round by a big margin.
They -rushed to a clinch. Gans Jabbed Wal
cott twice on the face. with lefta. and Walco.tt
retaliated with a. fearful right swing to the
kldnej-3. They, mixed' It .furiously,- but failed
to Inflict damage.-: Walcott planted his leit
on tKe body, but Gane returned it with interest
with a left to the- body and two right swings
.to the face. Walcott .lunged .In viciously, with
a right stomach blow, but wan blocked. Gans
sent throe terrific rights to the body and Wal
•cott sent in a rlb-breaklnf^jight.to the body.
He tried it again, but was short. Walcott
pent Gans' head back with a' right chop." but
Gans countered with a straight right flush
to the Jaw. They were fighting fiercely at
the sound of the bell. Gans had the advantage
In this round, but Waleott'a blows that found
a resting place "carried fearful speed. , .
• Round Pour.
Waleott waded in. but missed connections
with right and left for the" body: Gans avoid
ed a nasty right f»r the ttomach and straight
ened. Walcott up with a right to the face.
Walcott hooRed his. right to. the Jaw" with force
enouch- to make Gans wince: Both "fought
more carefully. Waicott was short with . left
for the body .and Gana drove a straight right
to .the face. Gans followed this with two fear
ful right Jolts to- Walcott's Jaw and forced
the -latter- to a clinch. Walcott smiled and
led a teft swing. for the jaw, but it was wild.
They then went to a" -clinch. Gans broke '-it
up with straight 'left-.'to the nose and followed
It with-' straight right to. the face. Walcott suc
ceeded in getting a " right hard to the body
as the bell ranr. Walcott spat blood freely
as he retired to his corner. Gans was much
the cleverer and bis blow's hafl a world- of.
power behind them.;- Clans' round. . ••
Round Three. .; • \ , '.
Round Two.
Walcott was the first to lead, missing a leit
swine for the body. Gana countered, quickly,
with a straight left to the tace and in >
mix which followed Gang put hia right to the
body. \ValcQtt -swung his .right heavily on
the wind ahd- they went to a clinch. Gans
mlKRed right and left swings for the jaw -and
then . cleverly blocked a straight right for the
body. Then W r alcott shot a straight left to
the jaw and they went to a ulinch.- Breaking
away. Gans drove a wicked straight right to
the Jaw and followed it up with two similar
blows and Walcott fought back wildly. Stand
ing oft; Gana swung right and left on Wai
cott's face and Jaw and the "bell rang:. As
the gong 'sounded Walcott dropped his hamjs
and Gans deliberately smote him on the Jaw
with a -straight right.' lie wan quickly sent
to his corner, claiming not to have heard:
the be{l. It was Gan»' round from start to
flnieh.- . .
Following is a description of the'
flght by rounds, as seen by an expert
at the ringside:
Round One.
Both .Men Seem Determined and Strug
gle. Hard Throughout.
FIGHT DESCRIBED BY ROUNDS.
WOItTH ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — Six furionss; purser three
year-otds and' upward: .
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. ** Fin.
.4 to 5— Cbpperfleld. 105 (Troxler) tt 2h 14
B to 1 — Rankln, 111 (Mclntyre). 5 5 9 !h
11 to 1— Bay wood. Ill (Ntcol>...3 3^34
Time 1:20 Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J.' B. Respess 1 ch. c. (3) by Handball-
Marie Shanklln. Mayor David S. Roee 105.
Allista 1(«, General Steward 102/ Serenity 103.
Gypsene 10S. finished as named. . • '
. FIFTJi • JiACE— One ralle and Hfty yards;
soiling; three-year-olds .and upward: ¦ '
t^ttlnsr. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin. .
12 to 1— Sioux Chief, 99 (Lenon) T - 4 4 1 .
17 to 10-^Faierniar.. 05 (Seamitr) 1 3 2Vi2.^i
.9 to 1 — Subador, 100 (Hoffman) 4 1 1H3 1
Time, 1:52 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner -W. W. Darden & Co.'s b. e. (4) by
Pirate of Peniance-Sena. Louisville 08, Lans
ford James .82, Santa Teresa 102, Miss Melton
09, finished as named. .
ciub's'share was $3020 60. Gans received
$1833 70 and Walc'ott received a like
sum. Gans In addition receives 5 per
cent of the club's share as a bonus."
".Twin" : Mike Sullivan - proved his
superiority as a .fighter over. Joe Angeli
after seven rounds of fierce battling.
Angeli was sent down .for the count- in
the. sixth round, but pluckily came
back for more and Sullivan hammered
him until Joe dropped; Captain of
Police .Anderson signaled Referee
"Spider" Kelly to stop the fight and
Sullivan" was awarded a decision. Sul
livan was. too clever and- shifty for his
smaller opponent. Angeli made a grand
showing and was roundly cheered for
his pluck" and dash. Sullivan was a
seasoned ring general and hit Angeli
where he pleased. Sflllivan did .. not
make. many friends by his victory be
. cause -he wore . a ' protector over his
stomach. He winced under body # pun*
ishment and the crowd yelled, for An
geli to win. Joe .did his best, but was
not capable of turning : the - trick. It
was a. splendid prellmlnary,and proved
"a good appetizer foi^the -treat that fol
lpwed. . ' • ' .
. Walcott commenced forcing matters
in trie first round, but Gans -was right
on top' of -him all the time and landed
by far the greater 'number of clean
blows. . There was. a slugging ¦ match
tiear the end- of the round and when
t-his "ended ' Ganst jstaggered Walcott
with a right to the "head. He also hit
.him after jibe -gong sounded. but it was
unintentional. "Cans was the first to
get into action, in_ the "second ..round,
•sending a' right and left to the. .body.
Walcott" missed one wild swing that
would have do»ie damaga had itlland
cd. The second round also wound up
with a slugging match in which Gans
•proved the. most effective. Gans walk
•ed 'into .a. reft 4n the jaw that tripped
.*nim -up eohiewhat in the third round.
. • Xhe fourth was the nrst round, in
whjch Waicott had' a lead," his"- body
"'blow* taking pome of 'the steam ooit
of ".Gans.- .Gans landed a hard half arm
chop to the jaw in tbe fifth .round and
got a hard right on the kidneys." Gans
eent his right "to Waicott's Jaw,* send
ing the latter f .s!head-back, but he only
laughed, pans peppered .Walcott with
rights and .lefts to the head In the
sixth rounds In -the seventh Gans
k*"pt uparapM fire .at Walcott'a head
and had him so muddled- that he went
to the wrong corner.. This . happened
• WaJcott '» best bio\v throughout the
Csht \V-as a right, swing i.q the kidneys.
He i "tried- ..-this " the ftrst time in the
•fourth round, just -as the men came to
gether.. ,and seemed^ to take Gans b'y
surpriste: -Walcbtt- landed thj.s repeat
c-diy an!3 ".while Gans winced at each
-blow it did sot seem to his et
fc-ctiveness, ' Gans landed . enough
straight" rights on Waicott's Jaw to
btop &hy other fighter fn the. businees.
Wa^cotL only shook his. head and came
back for more.- "". v ..,'.';
j'jst as the gong sounded the end of
the sixteenth round, Qans started a
blow , for WalcotU =At the bell Referee
WC-ich Stepped into range. He caught
the full force of . the blow, on the ja\v
and was completely dazed, for a few
rnomeats. • Gans' took 'the accident
greatly to "heart.. Instead of going to
bis corner, he .apologized to the' ref
eree, explaining it was entirely unin
tentionar and that he regretted if very
much. ' Gans went to hig corner, but
.was; kq! -much upset by the -accident
that he. would "not. sit" down.- He
walked across" the riris; and again. apol
ogized. Some of the -Fpectatofs thoiigbt
jtpssibly the. feferee had not fulry- re
cpyerfed from the effects of'- this" blow
when' the;, time .came for him to de
<:iaFe which man was. entitled to the
lbng^end of , ihe. purte. ••."•¦ -- ''.-\
VVAI-jCOI^T SURPltlHESGAXS. • •
The bout was cne of the. most spec
tacuiar ever se*a .here, the men show
ing boxine: ability of the highest order
and marked aggressiveness. Gans. is a
consummate- ring ffeneraf, never mak
ir.a; an ynae^ary move and "being- a
snaryel • 'jat'. blocking. ]¦'-
He landed countless blows on Wal
cott's jaw and head and • body." \ but
they seemed -to have no - effect on the
Eawpd-oa: fjghter. Orce he caught Wal
xott .a right uppe.rcut. ,which lifted him
on his toes, but" WaJcott never lost
'iris .balance, -coming back fighting.
Gans . devoted all his attention in the
earlier round's to' Waicott's head, but
later on Switched to" the body. He
reduced' Waicott's hitting ability to a
minimum", by. never Jetting him get' set.
Thus the majority of theJblows which
Walcott. landed were sent from some
awk.ward angle arid reducing the pun
ishing power. Cans' . judgment of dis
.tance and .of the timing of his blows
was • perfect. Severa 1 times he sa w - -a
blow" would not reach -the poin.t for
which. H was. intended and he would
draw it back. . ¦. ¦ '
FIGHT IS SPECTACULAR.
After the ;fi?ht Walcott claimed he
injured his left forearm .in the thirji
round and otherwise he would
have beaten Gansi When the arm
Tvas examined at the Receiving: Hos
pital by Dr.: Miller;, the surgeon found
that the ligament of the .left arm had
been torn loose at thewrisL He says
it will be many months before Walcott
will be able to' ngrht again. ' • -
Walcott hurt . the arrn some days
since in training. Gans. blocked many
of his desperate, swings with his el
bow, and it was on one of these occa
sions that the injury was-.done.
Referee Jack" Welch called the
Gans-Walcott fight a dra\r* last night
In Woodward's Pavilion to the sur
prise of practically every . spectator in
tixe house. There was & roar of disap-.
provai when the referee raised both
hands in the air signaling a draw. The
tumult died away, quickly and .was fol
lowed by an animated discussion." The
consensus of opinion wais - that Gans
outpointed "WaJcott for fifteen of the
twenty desperate rounds ftught by the
colored gladiators. :'; ¦':.
The referee justified his action by
eaying that- Gans had a slight lead,
but that he considered' the aggressive
ness of WaJcott balanced this and en
titled him to a draw.- . '. ¦* '¦
Referee's Decision As
tonishes the Spec
tators.
• SECOND RACE — Flv« furlongs: two-year
olds: ¦¦ ¦ " . -
Betting, Horse. Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Korea. 108 (D. AusUn).. 4 18 14
S to. 1— TrlxVYhlte. 100 (Lindsy) » 4. 1 2 2
10 to 1— Eell* S. 104 (Touns).... 9 74 8 h .
•Time," 1;C3^3_ titart good. Won . easily.
Winner; T. P. Hayej & Co.'s ch. f*_by Rae
burn-tlla. Sand Bath 111. McJett* W).- Mr-
Dad* 107. Pique 103, FnH Prlesmeyer lftt,
Anona r l08, J'reventatlve 10^' Bessie Me 93,
Mary MauJ 1M), finish-d a» named. .. ..:..;.
• THIRD .-RACE— Six iurlongs;three-yeax-pM«
and U5ward: ¦. ' ' ¦ "'¦"¦• -." . ' '. ; • ¦•.¦
Betting. • Horse, Weight, Jockey. St; ¦ % ' JFlrt." ¦
6 to 1— Tom Rowe. 09.<PAustin); 3 2h lh
4 to- 1 — Rbsecourt, 100. (Rice). , ..." S 1 h. 1 n
6 to 1— T Jfankins. 97 (J.Conwy) 4 3 2 3 1
•Tinie, l^SO'-i: " SJart goo4. : . Won-driving,
Winner. J: Hoffman's b. g. (3)^.811507 Etta
Gl'.roy. Winnlfreda- :flO. Amberlt-a 05>. Frank
Rice 163. -Major' Carpenter 94. On» ' More- 105.
Aline S 10O. l>'Arcy 105i Albertola 104. nnishr-1
tLi named. ¦¦: . - - = . ¦'¦¦:.'.. .'._'' ¦ •' -. '-• "1 "
FOURTlI " RACE ;— One; and three-ibcteenth .
miles;- three-ytar-olds . and tip::' ¦'¦ ¦¦¦' ¦.-•'¦.¦¦
Betting, florae. Weight. Jockey. • St.- % Fin. . :
•8 to- 1— Lubln. ¦&& (Giaborne*. ; .4 ¦ 4 M *, .
. « to' 1-^-Neversuch. - 101- (Rlce>. I-. 2!1 2 •.
13 to iO-^Taby- T.osa. .105 (DJtust)' 5 1-1 .IS.. ,
• Time. 2:07*-i.. Start good. .. Won- .drivthar.- '¦
Winner, W. H." Elliott's ch. g. : (4)' by Lar
zarone-TaranteUa. " Flora Wllloughby:-lC«;al»5r.'
ran.' •¦•• '¦ ' ¦ ¦:.' ':'. •v\.\- ; •-".."-':¦:.•• .*; :
• FIFTH RACE— Six : .and . * ' half •'..'fdtWngs.:
three-year-olds/ and up:- . .. ¦.'•:¦¦• ' • ' • \'--'. : "- •-."'
Betting. Horse." Weight: Jockey. St- % Tih;.;
11 to 20—^Anne Davis. lOO(D.Aust) 5 1 h- 1% • "
5 to. 1— Lasso. 10« <Ji Con'way).- H -.3-5- "2 XV£
15 to 1— Rachel Ward,100<Mcl<gir) V 2 h -'3 J».
' Time. I:?t5%. •Start good.. "Won -driving..
Winner. T. P- Hayes* br. t. (3> by : Loyali^tv
Valejiana. Gtennevia 103.. Radium 100. F1U
brillar' 103, Dusky 16©, finished a? name4>. " . '¦'¦_
SIXTH .RACE—^One mile'. and/ stfventy yards;
.three-year-olds : -. ' .".¦• ••".¦¦-¦¦•!'¦•..• ¦¦.¦'¦
Bettlnr. HbVse; "WelgM. Jockey. St, ¦¦ 41- -Fln^..'
7 to 5— 'Lusti*,- 108 (HbweUX: .". . »" 1 * t ."»• '
. 5 to 1— St. Agnes II. lf)O (Rlce):.^.7 !'* 1 ' 2 h
l»to 1— RegJna D; 105 (D.Austin) .4 • 2t-. »2 •
Time. -1:49. Start- gbod. :Woi» eas.tlp. .Wlrir
ner. S. \T. WlllUms'. ch. . c. (35 by • Balgowan-
Derfargilla. Athena lCffl.- Lyrist :10o,' Easter
Waltera 100, Alcom- ft. lOO.'.Tho Hebrew' 105^,
finished aa- named. :~. '..¦'.'•'.'' ~: .;.. "¦-.'.. :•; ¦'.-
ST. LOUIS t Sept; 30:— Following .afa
the entries for to-morrow at: Delmars
; DEI^IAR- ENTRIES.
' Ftrst race.- threeHsiiieenths-pr: a -mile, iell
ing — Lacy Crawford- 1C8, ¦"• Burke- Cochi-an. 104.
Mainspring 402, St. SUnopian 80.. Barca 9".
Ooo. Oop 94. -. ' ' . . ' '• - " . " : .
Second race. -one-sixteenth, of a mile; 'selling
— Hachmelster 108, Dameron • 108, Kiltm' 104.
Eduardo 1C3.' John Randolph 101; Mr- Eleanor
101 Renaissance 101," • Eacoboea " 100/ Mell
wood W. K-ttty BeUe Brooks 06. • Lady Lou ?«.
Third' race. - thirteeri-slxteenths of a. • mile,
handicap— Red Leaf ICO, Fruit 107. Zlnda. 102.'
Jungle Imp Ofi. Arlena . 85, Lone Wolf 00,
Drbmio S*: ¦ ' .- - '. ." - ¦
Fourth race, the ¦ Homebred .Stake* (foaled
Missouri*, six fUTlongs;. J1500- added-;-Sylvia
Talbot 115, Jmboden .SS, ' Khyme and'Beaaon
SO. ...":• . •"• . ' " -
. Fifth race, one -mile and seventy -yard*, •ell
ing—^trader 102.. 'Mernphlan 102. Judge Cant
rill 99. George Vivian' 09, Free -Admission
9ft Bifdwood 00, Dawson 04. Hucena 04»
Birdie Ston« 04,. Athena 90.. Jollier SSs.
' Sixth race, wtx fuclongs, purse— Scotch "Dane*
107 Trine* Ught 10S. Sam CraJg' 106. Just So
104, Laura Hunter 103, Footlights* 'Favorite 9S.
Uafalda «JS. ' \ .'
Seventh race, seven futlongi. selling.— La.daa
lfKl; Ivernia- 1W5. Hook Se Oka 103. Crime 10.:.
Flyer lf«. : Felix -Mozzea- 101.' .Lemon GnrI 98,
Mint S?d . as. HowlUig Deverish 98, Allro
Turner 9(S.\MUdr.ed L. 03. CKeck Moriran 9o.
PEL3IAR SELECTIONS.
First race—^Lacy Craivford, Goo
Goo, Purke Cockran. ¦. . . ¦ - - •..
Second racei-iDamcrom My Eleanor,
tridy Lou; •; ' '._ : ' ." • •." ¦ . •.
Tlilrd race— Sylvia Talbott, Rhyme
and Kcason, : Imbodeni. '•''¦ ' • ; • .. .
. Fourth . rtice • -I— "Red . Leaf, Fruit,
Jungle Imp,' ¦ • •.:•.• !• ¦ " ..
: Fifth tece— D»vsdn," Judg^t' Cant ri 11,
Hiiceh.'j. .. . _ ¦¦':¦¦'' '' . •
Sixth racer—Just So, Scotch Dance,"
Mufalda. - . • * ' \ - ". . .'
Seventh race-*-dieek iiorgan;Eto*I
rnfc Dcr\feh, Ivernia.. ; •• ¦ • '. '
Xehrj'-IXMig Bout Sttflpnejj,'
" -SEATTLE; Sept. 30.— The •.Neary-
L6n"g fight was called off-this'after-
noon by; the SherlfT. -It }s «glven out
that the Civic Union- requested the.
Sheriff, to act. The "union ajlmits. that
tMs.is true.' It is- also claimed "that
the Washington .Bdxlng Club, a 'rivVil
concern.- wai ' interested* in- stopping,
the flght: • . ' • - . ' : : .
2:14 class, pace, purse, three in five — Sunny
Slope- xron th« third,, fifth ahd sixth heats- in
2:loU. 2:11 2:15Vi- ; Edwin C; won the sec
ond and fourth heats in 2:08 : }4,"2:liJ 1 /i. Funston
won the first heat iff 2:14. • .
2:06 cla.s.s, purse $15oy, two in .three — Sweet
Marie won the second and * third • heats - -i In
2:'0f*Vi. 2:v7H ; Qsbnpman won the first heat In
2:O7, ¦ . .' - : ¦ w ' ' - "-.-
To beat world's gelding trotting record, Ma
jor Delmar. failed.. Time by quarters: :3tf%,
1:01. 1:30%. l':C2U. -; '.. • ¦ . •
<2:17 chass, pace, purse |lB0O.-three in five —
Nancy . H : won the «: third, fourth and fitth
heats in 2:10>i,- 2:10^.- 2:o7%. ' Little Sphynx
won the first •• and second beats in 2:12%.
2:l2i,i. - . r . ." :.:_;; ¦
CINCINNATI, Sept. SO.— Major Del
mar to-day ; failed in an attempt, to
break the world's .trotting record - for
geldings, gbing Y a*, mile- in 2:02%.
Weather conditions were not .very
favorable for a < trial. . of . this kind.
Major. Delmar ( was 'paced by a- runner
driven; by ScottJjFiudson. Major Del
mar flriishediin'good shape.':- .' ...
. Majoj:. Delmarihas" a , record of U:59%k
trotted^^ wjth":' wind shields and pace-,
makers in front and side7:but this is
not recognized by the Trotting. Asso
ciationi Both Cresceus and Major
Delmar have trotted. in 2:Q2i4,-> 'paced
by a -rtinh ins horse only.
U /i^nTJ^iI^X? »S 6 refcrces decision, but I think I should have had it. I can't complain.
-*¦ Lh. 5!w • f P WhO ******* contest. I am sorry to lose the few thousands I bet on the
fi-ht V JL VZZJ* t ° n^^ Uin in Uie worid J want to flght ' « nd that Is Jinuny Britt. If he won't
tSSr^ZL tE? -^ xJ^^f^i 0 "^e after mv battle «*«> Walcott, but if Britt. will meet me I will
S- ?°°!S risht hand sw1ngs on my kidne y never l»«rt me, as I was Inside every
T; Ji . I »"d the decision and did not attempt to do anything in the last round. I proved to the
saxisf action of everybody that I landed the most blows."
GJtJYS WANTS TO FIGHT JIMMY BHITTJfND QUIT
Scott Hudson Drives Runner
to Set the Pace; but^rtlie
Best Time Made 1$ 2:02^4
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
the Seabreeze. 'Selling' Stakes;- thre'ervear-olds;
Bttting, Horse. Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
« to 5— DickBemard.lOti (Travrs) 2 12 lh
lfi to 5— TheSouthernr,tt>7 (Redfr) .0 3 3 2 4
. 4 to' 1— Seymour. -ft8 "(WDayls). 4 2 2 3 8
Time, 1:48 4-0. : Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. E. ' E.- Smathers' b. c. ¦ by Florist-
Veronica. ' Brodklynite, Letola. Midshipman,
Atwood. ffnished as named. • •¦
•THIRD RACE — One' and a sixteenth miles;
handicap for all ages: ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
2 to 1 — Martinmas. 100 (Kunz).. 11% 13
7 to 2 — Wotan,' '.Hi (Travers) 2 2 3 2 ns-
IS to 5— Little Em, 100 (W.Dayls) 3 6 2 3 3
." Time, 1:47.2-5. Start bad. Won hioiidily.
Winner. C. T. Henshall's ch, g. by Slartagon-
Nlkomi», Adriutha, Sir Lynnewood, New York,
finished as named.; ' '..'.'¦¦
SECOND RACE— About elx XuTlongs;. two
year-olds; selling: ¦ ¦ * ¦
Betting.- Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
"C to 5— Escutcheon. 105 ! (J.Muln) 1.. . 1 »/j 18 .
5 to 2— Jerry C, 100 (W.Davis). , 7- 2 3 2 3
10 to 1— Hildebrand. OS (Mlldbd) 4 4 h 3 1
Time, 1:11. Start fair. • Won easily. Win
ner, D. Gideon' b ¦!>, c. by Gold Cregt-Affect.
Confessor, Mlstiss, Dazzle, K. - L. Johnston,
Priority, finished an- named. ¦ ' ".
' Time, 1 : 10 -3-B> •¦ Start' --poor. ¦ Won driving:
Winner, F. B. Van .Met«r'» c4i. r. by Handi!*U-.
Klzarra. . Ascension, . Sir •:. Brillar, • Ancestor.
Amberjack, Flying Khipi Race King, finished
as named. *¦ ; . " . "': . .
and the- report of the expert submitted
to the stewards they went into session
and subsequently announced ' thajt the.
entries of S.; A. Humphrey; owner of
.Toscan, should be ordered refused and
his case -referred . to '.the stewards of
Oie jockey. club. .*• ¦ ..' i '5 '.
1 ."It was! cornmoii gossip since Toscan
changed hamds a .month ago -that h^
was .not properly traihed pr : . properly
ridden,, and that hife qew pwiier- -was ..a
man/of no Dxperience. whatever as. a"
trainer and .'that .sooner .or. later, he.
would be brought before the' st.esvards:
The. horse showed improvement 'tord&i'i
holding his own. all .around th"6 turn.'.
W.". Hehnessy rode Toscah', whereaji. iri.
all of shis 1 previous races m tfiii v'ic.iii«'
ity or 'since Humphrey purchased' Mm;-
Purrhan i: - a fad of litUeor iio ?eiperi-- :
ence, had the mount."! ... \" ''-.'¦• > '.- ' . ',
. ' horsei"was well backed . to-day
and aii.these things' made the stewarda
suspicious/ S.- A. Humplirey is a; res)?
dent of- Newark. Ni J. He yr6h a g^re.at
deal of money on ".two. races this' yeafj
and with part of his; winnings lie; pur-:
chased Toscari. Summary •¦ '•;"._.- ..¦¦-¦;
• FIRST RACE— About .sl^ ;£urlong.s; handl
cai> tor :all -ages : • •" . ' : - . ¦"•.¦'
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St.: »« " Fin.
9 ti> 2— Handzarra. !« (Crimmlns) -3 1 3 1 94.
0 to 1— Invincible, 105(H:PhHlii>s*'7. 5 3 21«Ti
9 to 1— ToBcah, 90 tW.Hehrieasey) 4 2 5. 8 h.
/ GRAVESEND, Sept. 3O.-Afier j the
first race, which was won. by Hand
zarra, with -Invincible second and'Tps-;
.can 'third, the stewards ordered thai
Toscan be r taken possession of • by the
paddock officials and examined by a
veterinary employed by the jockey
club" to detect evidence of- stimulants.
When the examination was concluded
. ST./ LOUIS; Sept. 50.-Favorite» and
outsiders divided Ihe card here to-day.
The track was much improved but .still
slow-.. Wea'the'r clear; attendance. 5000^
Sumtnary:... !• . ' . ¦' .;¦¦¦¦¦ •'•
FIRST RACE— Six filrtonga ; thre*-y ear-old*
and upward: " • . '• " ¦ ' ¦
•Betting- Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Pin."
5 to 1— Fenian." 87 (J. Con way).. 7 3 >n I \%
tt to 1— Flyer. 105- (Llndsey). ; . . . 2 . 1 1H2 h •
2 to 1— Ben Lear, 100 (SDtckson) 3 4 2 3 3
"Time, lria^i. Start good. Won driving.-
Winner. Rice Bros.* .cfr. g. (3) by St. Leon
ards-Helens. " Hickory Corner* 1OO. La Cache
10&. Wager 105. Jennie Hushes 103. Sky flyer
100. Euchre Deck 105 finished as named.
. FOURTH . RACE— Stx . runongs; seHins;
Uiree-year-old's: .' • • ¦ •
iJettlhff, Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. *i Fip;
i» to Z— Wdln B»ile. .100 (N'lcol): 182 XW.
25 to 1— S?t Paula,- lftf «Hel|{e«ri) 3 13 tajj
2 to 1— Julia M.'- 104 (Sha vert . . 2 2 1 Va» «
• Time, 1:20: Start good. Won drjving. Win
ner, J. B. Respees' - b.' I.- by LiBFak-Thora.
klelnwobd 1(J9, Wenrick -110, Docile 108, ¦ fin
ished as named. ..-.*.•
•THIRi>i'RACEU-6Be inile-. and flfty yards;
.threiE^j-^ar-.oldsi and iip: ; eellinEi' '¦. '
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. 8t. % Fin.
.3 tol-r-rDr.. Ste'phejjs. }\Xi (Sni.str) 4 2 2 11
20 ta 1^-GhantereHe, .103: <RmolU) 3 12 2 3
13 to 1-^Elasy .Trade, OS (Hoffnaii) 6. 4 10 3 2
Time, : 1 :51 3-5.' Start good. Yfon- drtving.
Winner. C, E. Waters' ch. h. (6) by Octopus-
Ignoramus. Floyd K 101. Lou Woods 102. Mr.-
Farmim .103, Volla 166. ¦ •flnish.ed aa named'..' .
SECOND- RACE--*1ve. "furlongs; twb»year
oWs; -purse-: . •¦ :-\~- .--r--' ••.¦•-- '- ¦¦'¦'¦ '"•¦ -
li^ttinfe. Horse. .Weight JTocfcey. St. -. % "Fin.
. 8 tol— :Ern* M; io« (Wllwi) .. 1 4 1 II'
J2t,aJ~Slx S£us«tte.: ltH>...tJonea) 4. 2 4 2h
- 6 tdim>Ufc LadiM.08 (Helgesen) 5 « ?i » nk
Time/ 1 :(JI S-5. sJt W{'. good: Woa handily,
"winner. C. B»V Campb«irs b. f. by Bowling
tJreeh-Alma Glyn.'. MiBS.'Gunn lwO, Freebooter
l(i9..Ed. iiariy ipy.Mon. Amour 106, nnl»l»«d aa
.naziiei; ¦¦;¦..¦¦¦'¦:.[¦¦ •".'¦¦':.¦¦' -r': '¦ r ¦¦:'' ' :
CHICAGO. Sept. 30.— Friday's card at
Worth offered no special attraction and
the downfall of favorites was the chief
feature.; In the third • race . at a mile
and fifty yards. S. G. !HUdreth's Floyd
.K.was made the short-priced choice at
3 to 2 and failed to finish inside the
money.. Chanterelle at 20 to 1 shocked
the. talent for a time by leading by
seven ;lengths, and ft appeared as If
she .would last the full route. At this
point Dr. Stephens set sail as pace
maker and by saving ground got up to
her in the stretch. The. two then raced
along to the paddock gate, where the
doctor dTew away, winning rather,
handily. The track, was" still Blow.
Weather : cloudy and attendance light-
e'st of vyeelC. Summary;..
- FIRST- RAOB— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
aelliog: .'/-. ;.' - ••¦ . . . : . ¦/ ' f .' ' \ '
bujintr . Horse, WeJgnt, Jockey. St. ¦ % Via.
40 to l-^ratee • Kiitry. 1W <.HofI>.7- 2 2 11
Jl to a^AVenger;. ivS (Keed>..V. .4 32^2 2 •'
i». to UotfS. btrUifES, HX> (M.Jrisn) 2 5 2 3 4
•inmc.^l.iXl.-t-u, Start' «ood. .Won handily.
Winner.- H. McCarren Jr. b. K-- by. Kalsetto-
AlaiaH. ChttcKayotte l£i>. The. Hawaiian loo.
La "ehaD*rone luo, Myron Dale 1W; Cpluiasett
ti)5. .ilarUiis ivs, Jim. IVrrell 100. finished tat
named...' ,"•.: .¦¦.'•'' . "•'• ¦'¦'¦'¦ • .'-.''< • "".'¦ : •'• \
BAD -WEATHER -IS CAUSE
WELCH *SJtYSWJ§LCOTT SHOWED JtGGllESSWENESS
{£ U/f 7™ u k ?r W " 8 1 jnst onc< Gans had ' a shadc Ule better of U?e fight, but Walcptt made
JY£ J" 1 . J #i *.• tactics. He was after Gans all the way. Both men were on their
m.rv.-i for !i^wi^f °^ Pt Ul ° cn * of thc twentieth round. It was a grand battle. Gans is a
LMiovo I LvL 2*1 -^ al ~ tt seems to have lost none of his old-time vim. I know many people
iv r » i? a r. dcc i? Ion ' but my conscience docs not trouble me, ns I am sure I acted properly;
ttalrott led as often as Gans. Gans may have shown creater cleverness than Walcdtt. but his lead was
not Mifflrfent to earn him a decision. I kept close tab on the rounds and thought In the end it was an
Long Shjot CJivesv the
: a Scare:; v'-
Major- -Delmar's Attempt to
Set a. New Mark ai Cin
cinnati Track Is Futile
Entries -of Her- Owner
;;WilJABe .-Refused: '
in Future.- ; i'y
Card Evenly D^id^d
- t>y the p^tm^Pet^ ; y
SUSPICIOUS PERFORMANCE OF TOSCAN
CAUSE INVESTIGATIONS BY STEWARDS
FAMOUS TROTTER
HILS TO LOWER
WORLD'S RECORD
¦ ¦ ¦ -¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ .'••-•••. --:¦' . •.-.;•••¦.•-:'.•
THE: -SAN' FRANCISCO CALL, •• SATURDAY,' OCTOBER':- l t - ; i9.(M;
11
CHAMPION GANS HAS PRONOUNCED LEAD
OVER OPPONENT THROUGHOUT THE FIGHT
REFEREE JACK WELCH CALLS THE JOE GANS-WALCOTT CONTEST A DRAW
I^J-CIGARS i
pllll Nothing adds
R811 more *° t^ e joy
feriil thangoodsmok-
f£fF%*$L in #* There is
- k\ IV lUK * 1**1 1
m BKgH a^n mdividua.)
joy wrapped in
WSm ALEXANDER.
¦ ||l||j HVMBOLDT
O^^^^ SOLD EVBRTWBERB.
All «l»e», 10c. up.
M1CMALITSCHKEB«OS*C«
8USTILIO 8«O5 & DIAZ••:.•¦.. . • ¦ • *¦ •-•• ¦ ¦ •
T.H£ SAN' FRANCISCO- CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1904.
12
CXJLXKVOTAXTB—CaatbixMb.' . .
ISMAR. Efryptian seeress. Th« Vendom*. 110* ;
Market at.. San Franctscro. Offlc». hoar*— 1O:
a. m. to 5 p.. m.: Sundays, 10 to 12; Wtdne*--.'
day evening. 6 to 8. Phona South 1141 ? . .
SPIBlTUAUSM. ' . . . .
MOVED— Mrs.- J; J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and . : Ufa reader.- Jt.
Kathxyn. 48O Ellis at., comer Leaveaworth..
room 221 ; no « I sr, a. . ¦•"*.'" .
MRS. LESTER— Circle; S p. in.; 10c; readtaif '.
dally. 43 Sixth. . ¦ . " ' '¦''".
C.MAYO STEERS ;psyehlo readings by majl 11. ' .
3568 17th »t.. San Francisco; tet. Capp -83d.
CABjrarr bsatctq aitd CMBAarprq.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum ProceOT.used '"••
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:*
carpets and rugs also cleaned by comprtnaed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. ¦ F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 30S Market at.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. •• ¦ ¦
"WHEN you become dls«rusted 'your work
•end for SPAULDtNO'S Pioneer Caxpet-beat- . "
Ing works. 305-357 Tehama at. Tel. South 40.
"WESTERN Carpet Cleaning "Worfcs. 1S09 Har-.
rison »t.: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE- ,
PORN & CO.: phone Mission 223. ' "
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth at.— rir»*-«las» ¦
carpet cleaning:. So yard. Tel. Mission 74..
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating "Work*. .
333 Golden Gato ave. Telephone East 126. " ¦
HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 21fl . -
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «t. :
tel. Main 304^ GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating worka: price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at. 1 tel. Mission 2tO.
ww^~~.- DEnmiJiS. ._. ,.:.
A NiEW plate — The "Whalebone— Cannot break! .
warranted 20 yrs. : crowns. $3 60; fllllngs. 30c:
plates, $3; full set; all work painless- and ;
warranted. Chicago DentaJ Parlor*. 84 Sixth.'
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market «r. Eleventh
-tNo charge tor extracting; when plates. ar« .
: made: old places mad* over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given. .
PARIS Dental Parlor* 2C5 Kearny. cor. Bush-—.
Set teeth.^f 1 SO up; crowni. |2up: nlHnga.25c.
GOLP tilling*. '75c: silver. 35c: crowns. S2: no- .
palri;open Sundays. DrA.C.Hewrltt. 204 Butter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from S17 Geary
at. to 580 Geary at. • -;
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist r 14. 1st .
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O-'arrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the N«w York: den-
tlata. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 069 Mission, cor. 6tfr.
DSESSMAKEES AND SEAMSTBZSSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & MlUlnery School-
Patterns eut to meaaure: eve, clasa. 1019 Mkt
FINKELSTEIN.- 410 Ellis— Ladles' tailor suits
to order; on lnatallm'ts If desired; reaa; call.
Accordion sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'» button & buttonhole factory.. 11.0 Taylor.
EPUCATIOirAX.
X~t!IGGER~sohool than ever. On Jun» 1 w« •
5 moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
.St.. between Third and Fourth; more space;
. finer rooms; better light: finest In the AVest;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A— THE Lycum. an accre#ted preparatory
school for university, law and medical coU
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford 1
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bids.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage- '
.ments for students than all other Western ¦ .
achecls; special summer .course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYERS. founder of Ayrea Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship. .
shorthand, typing; $5 month: life scholarship.
$50; positions secured; day., eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEaE.1435 Mar-
' ketv guarantees positions to graduates: . Pit -
iran shorthand, typing, bookkeeping;. S3 mo.
ENGINEERING^Clvll. elec, mln.. in?ch.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. '1SH4-. Van
der-Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal!.
CLASSES In short s.tory." writ: Ins and Journal-
ism meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs...2 p..m'..
333 Phelan bldg: terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. e'O2 Van N?ss
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres...
A— GALLAGHER -MARSH. BUSINESS COL,
LEGE. -1383 Market st. Send for .catalogue.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher «f piano; ¦
beginners & adults; 50c. 2395 MUsion. fnrLaOt
GUITAR, mandplln' and' piano, S3 per.mo. ;••
* man'dolin club. $1 per mo. SU8 Halgbt st.. '
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. ,Hin- .
hian-s Schcot of Dancing. 1412 Polk, 'nr. Cal:
SPANtSH.French.etc.Prof.de FIllppe'sAcadeoivr
cf Ianguages'.iai.S..Pps.t: est. 1871 ;a blest profs. '.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per- "
sonally. Miss M. G.. Barrett. "202 Montg"my.'
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class: j
ISAAC Pitman -Business College. 345 Halght;
' individual tnstrvc.; all- branches; day. eye.. ,
WESTERN" Business CoUpge. 1107 Mkt.. com-
rlettr.t'ourse. $0 -mo.- $30; eve. $4 mo.: prtvata
CALIFORNIA Business. College. «23. Golden
Gat« aye. S, F. : TS-pase catalog on request.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese empioyment offle«
sup^.tes be.st help-promptly; city or country.-
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 8261. .;
WE furnish bookkeepers. «leTks. stenographers. '
general help.- "NATIONAL." 500 Hearst bid.
A— ORPHEUM -Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. .Main. 5733. .
JAPA-NESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415. Stockton;
best help. Frita Tamagaki; mgr.. tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment 'Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO..; 840 Clay.
EMPi.OTMi;arr wakted — raatAia:.
AN American hotel housekeeper, with- .th»
best of . ref erences. wishes situation In hotel, "
city or country. Apply .- ¦
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 429 Bush at.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wants light
. work with family; Cal. Emp. Agency. IV
Third at; ; <el. Bush. 405. " .
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by th« day., f 1. SO; dress>a altered-; perfect
. fit guaranteed. : Address box .2107; -Call.
DRESSMAKING-— A .competent fitter on 1»- '
. d'.rs" and chlldren'-a suits warits engagement;
:%X 50 per day. Address Box 2137. Call office.
•GIRL wants position at" hnu^work; -small
adult family; Wages S23. Call .802 Turk st.
GIRL wishes position as maker In •millinery;
|3 50 to |4 a week. Address. box 2152. Call.
WANTED — By a competent woman position as
manager or housekeeper In . private family,
lodging or apartment house, or.. charge of a
dining room: Phone Jessie 4921,! 10 to 12 m.
or 2 to 4 :30 p. m. Ref erenew. - "
STRONG, willing, competent American woman
temperate, honest, wants- light sweeping and
washing by th» day: flne laundress; guaran-
. tee satisfaction; $125 and carfare. 1S3 '
Fourth at., first, flight, room 24.
IOUXO German, woman with child 3 years
old wishes situation as housekeeper: be?t
reference. Address or call at 45 South Sixth
St.. San Jose. Cal., MRSi HELENA
SCHMIDT. . . .*"•*'*•:>*
A CHANCE— Capable, experienced stenograph-
er: centrally located; who has spare time,
would, like some outside work: copying or
gS > «& o ca Tf a n£ ne: , char *" ™°°**"*- .
POSITION by neat, reliable, elderly woman:
flrst-class. housekeeper: used to children; gr>od
MARRIED couple Owedlsh) want position:
woman flm-clasa cook; man. coodhorse-
man and all round handy man; city or coun-
try. Box 2006. Call office, " ¦
X A MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to ret 2
S?x*th.° a " h0USeke 'P"' »^> HaiTUK?n. I Sea?
A YOUNG woman wishes, a situation to i do gen-
eral housework tn h .mall f»m»j y: %ould kO
acroM the bay. Call at 25S^ a Tehama" t.
TKO "«1*»>1« young women; on» for cooking
and other for. second work and w«itiV«. »™
private American family" TogooJg".;* >n
A STEADY, competent person wishes a uoal-
"«e.°*^ B i" 1 Tpil; oii ? work: -™ ai1 *«£»£
wagea »JU. I»I3 Pine »t.. near Goagh.
SEWINO by machine and hand neattv rtm.
JOiry_D^SPRECki-:LS . \ . .Proprietor
Address ComniunlcaUoha to . ..¦
jOHy_McN'AUGliT: . . . : '.'. , : Manager-
\V. J. MAKTIN' .... Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con- .
nect. You With vae JXpartnient Vou W.sn.
Publication Of flee..... Market and Third. S. F.
lilitoriai Rooms...... .217 to 221 Stevenson- st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Ct«. Per J vv ?* k ' 73
¦•¦Cm. 'P*r Month. Single Copiea 6 Cts..
Terms by ilail. Including Postage (Cash
•••¦¦• Order): ¦ ¦ • «« nft
PAILY CALL. tir.Oud. J-unday). *, > ea^*'Too
I»A1LY CALL (includ. Sunday). « mos... •££
UA1LY CALL— JJy Sir.Ele Month .•••• '
'SUNDAY CALL. 1 Y^ar; •••• T^
U-ESKX.Y CALL. r Yekr'fcxtra
FOREIGN /?' L 4.i5 rer-Year Kxtra
POSTAGE.. iwS: loa Per Year Evra
ALL POSTMASTEKS ARE AyTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eatnple Ccries will be forwarded when re-
quested. .' • . , ¦• .
Mcll e-jbscritxTs Sir ordertns <**"€?,, °l.,"w
<!re«« chould b* particular to Rive both >EW
AND OLD AI3DRESS in order to »"""> »
prompt and correct coay>l!ance wltn their r»-
cuest. ' • ¦ . ' • "¦
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101B Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKIXET OFFICE: . ¦__ ¦
XltS Center Street Telephone J»orta H
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT; _.
BAJfCEL W. WALL. ...., ...>Htft«l B*lton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel;. A. BrenUBO,_«
trnloa Bauar*: Murray H1U Hotal; Flttn-avenu*
Hotel and Hoffman House. "'¦ .' ;•.*¦'.¦
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: .:
Pfceraan House; P. O. New* Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremoct House; Audltortuaj
Hotel; l'alracr House..' ¦ . ' • ¦ .'-.•• .' •'
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATTVE:
C GS0SCT KROGNESS. Marquetts Bulldln*.
(Lor.g DjEtance Telephone, "Central 2618. )¦
new TOiuc reTresentattvk: ; '¦•-'•:.";
STEPHEN B. EMITH . . . .30 Trlbun* BaUfllat;
NEW YORK CORRESPOKDENT: . : '
C C CAftLTON . . . . ... . . . . . .'... '. Herald Squar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclaco Call.
cornfr Market, and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night' in the year. " '• ' ¦''-.:¦'.¦'::"
¦'¦I' BRANCH OFFICES: : 7 '..•:¦
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth: open until-
¦ 11 p. m. • .•¦."; ; - ¦. : >". ¦.••:".•" '¦•¦ •¦.'¦•.'¦¦• .'¦"¦.•¦•¦;'•
t27 MontgoiEery «tre«t. corner Clay; open until
r- fc:30 lir «.':¦-;..-.,• :-;..¦¦•;. '¦-'¦¦:. '¦¦¦¦' •'•'."• ; : . ".- ¦ ; ' '. '¦¦
S00 Haj-es ftrpct: open ustll 0^>Q p. ra. ' '.-¦'-: ••
B39 UcAJlisier street: open until 9:30 p. in. ¦ ¦ :
«'ir. Larkln *lreel; «j>rn until 9:30 p. in. : . / .
J941 Slission *treeti open until 10 p. m. • . ;
30<> Eleienth «treet; open until *J p. m. '•*'¦ ' ¦ ...
iftWi Valencia «trort:. Open until 9 p.. m." . '.-• £
Kcrthpast i-orncr 1 Church. and Duncan Btreets;
open until .9 p. m.-- : : ¦ . ¦ ¦ • '•¦ '. ." : :
rt?"" ¦F-;'llmf-re.sx're<'t ! : ; Ap>n-tantlI 9 p. tn. - . : . '
CETPKCH SERVTCXS. : ; - ' .^ ;¦'
Fir.ST United Presbyterian Church, corper
O(.) den Gate ave.-. and Polk •st.-^Preachjrig .
to-tnorrow. Sabbathl at 11. a; m. and 7:S0
P. m. by the pastor. H. 1J. Bell. D. D.
Mornicjr theme, "Prevailing- Prayer"; even-
Jns theme. "Kome. Then aiid Now," •.'fourth
in evenins " Ferlep ; on "'Jerusalem Cruise."
fabbath school. 9:45 a- m.; C. E. societies,
at T.:30 and <i:30 p. ra. Strancrcrs cordially
invited to all services; pews free; .courteous
lit-h^rs; como and Urine your friends: '
BEBETPTQ WOTICHS.
CK^CIDICXTAL Lodcr- No. 22 F. & A. O
It., -will meet THIS • <SATL'UL)AY) YY
AFTEKNOQN at . L' o'clock for- Jhe />T>
j'Urpose cf conduct iv^ the funeral of . ¦
•our doceas<Hl brother, M. T. ADAMS, "late a
member of Esoi>rial l>">dire No. 7, V". & A-
M.. at Virssaia. City. Nev. Master Masons
invited. ¦By order of the Master.' ' - .
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec
GOLPDX GATE Lodge No. 30 F. &A. m
M— Called tr.eotine. THIS (SATUR- VV
DAY) ET\EN1NG. at 7 o'clock. "Third '/SA
degree: . By order cf W. M.
. EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretarj-.
PACIFIC Lpdse No. 13*5. F. & A. M.— ffl
Will meet, en SUNDAY, at 1 :3v) p ; m..' VV -
to attend the funeral of our lato . Bro.
JAMES ATKINSON. Maxtor Masons . - :
are invited. .-" .':.-¦' • • -".'
; GEORGE PENLINGTON'. Sec.
IttESXQK: I^dce No. H?J, K. & A. M.-- ¦ m
Bridal meetfhE. THIS (SATURDAY) W
EVENING, at 7:30 o".cUK-k. Third de-.
gree.: R. ¦ K. ALLAN, Sec. " ...
KING SOLOMONS Lodtre No. 2G0, T. . ® '
' '-& A.' M.^-The officers and memljere
¦ are requested to attend the funeral of /V\ '
. ...ur (Jecetsed brithi-r. WILLIAM LIT- ¦ '
TLE. on. SUNDAY.. October 2. at
¦ j.. m.. . 'froni . the. Masonic • Temple, Post arid
. '.Mon-gpinerj' streets. ¦ .•• '. ¦ ¦•"¦ .;• . .- :¦".
;'. '¦ '...:;- -. ; HAURY nAEHR.-Secreiai-y- :'.
THE -California Debris !'..'C'ojhrhis5lon'-'' : -h4v-inir
received arr-licationvto- mine • by! .hydraurio
: -.. process from .E.. j. Gordcm "arid' P. -McEl-
riiy. -in il<?sser Mine., near Mountain. House",
J'lumaa County. ¦ Cal.,. .draining " lnt» Spanish
' «'re*k. : which reaches Feather '-'-Ktver. gives
. notice t>>at : a rneotinc <o receive' any 'pro-
" tf sis. will te hpld at P0ip«a-iW,'FiWxi'l>ailjdm«;/-
Hah Francisco. ¦.¦•Cal.. October 17, J9QL at.'l;3w
,_ -p: n;. ¦ /- ¦¦..- . .;.'¦:/¦.¦.;¦;.."•,':..•¦¦' r.. r ; -...:';¦;• •'¦:' :.".-'.
ETOClvHOLDEKS: m«tins.-iNotice is '• hereby
p.svxx th^t thrr annual meeting of the stock-
holders i;f the Bank of California will he- h«?ld
«t the bankfns--house in this city oh TUES-
DAY. October 11. i;iO4. at 11 o'clock a. m
By trder of the IJoard of .Directors - . .
¦ALL-EN .-M. CLAY.. Secretary. '
_>— ____AGEKTS WAKTED.
' AGENTS . for family, liquor. ifadeVcom' ' and
v ac .«. Afzily 8 Tajior, room C10. 12 to 1
. belocJfc.";. '.-¦.'.. .¦¦ ¦'•¦ ¦.¦:¦. .':•¦¦ '
AQENTS: laOies or .'tentremen; enercetic- be-
[*?*'• «"' 1 a. m. Room 24 ; St.. Ann'a
• building. <i Eddy. st. '..".' ..... •¦• ¦
on ¦ BOCS(1 TO »osltlori: 468
1-fcrrWt »»n!l<ii>» t :: hours 10 to 4,.
' "u«^b5^1»1m?SS?- tr f: ' sam P I « ! '"'15e: -dozen'
fl j»i..-r»»tal!K-s.^. FIFLI) ca. 11$ Bush.su
E^ 1:^^\<f>--n\-afirn: $6 to *3 day. im
>t... oaVland, r. 3: 10 to 12 a.m
R. V.'. KING. Attprhej-at-LawT^Exam. bldR."
t.th. floor: entrance room ,«;il; established "0
. years; .all', courts, c^neral' court and office
practice; no ft*>. in advance or for consulta-
¦tu-n; jfvyr.ir.gy. -by HpJKiinfg'ent. Tel, Red 3001:
ADVICE free on: all if M i matters; divorces a
fpecialty- private, -qu.ck;- no pay in advance*
• ' G^S' 1^^^ patenU obtained!
G. ;\V .HU.U E. 1L.-J Market «. ; estab. i2 yrs.
AAA-niVOIlCK..coFte. $12; flulck. quiet. •
. Advice, lree; a» law -buflnesa. " "
. -. . N» charge uhlt-ss successful .
.10-J5 Market i=t.. ccr. Seventh;, room 419".'
AA T?' vor '. e;cCEtsJI - :<JU ' ck - <Ju»Pt: advice free-"
«:i Jaw bus-.n.f?; no -rjiarge unless success-
¦ u!; fpcn.evcn.'.n gi ..--»27. Market «.." room SOL
ADVICE free; divorce ccsts $12; no fees or
cofts in advance; -all Uw. business;, office
crm Saturday evrnlns?. b!9 Market st.. r. 33.
ADVICE fr^f; divorce coys $12; quick, quiet ¦
fill law bufr-ino*s; no oharre unless fucc*.^
fu); o t .e;i eveninca. flV.7 Market, room 204.
W. MiuthotvF. C52 Millet. ~r~Zi; consult, free-
prJralf & ocntidenilaTj. k» advance fee?- coN
!'<tio:i«. • m<-fh:i;:i.-.-s' jl<>rs. tenants eje-ted.
ADVICE free. Crlumhlan Law «n!l -Collection
Arcncy. room ST.. ai6 Market; tel. Johfl 6226.
PATENTS. An-.'-riocn and for» tarn. SOVT KG' S
: PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine et.. Cth floor.
L. S. CLARK. 0C7 Markt-t. room 304; caisulu-
t.on frc^; no tecs In advance; open evening*.
£_ r h ASTROI.OgT.
ZOIJEIDE— ASTKULlXJER. ---¦ .„„.
<:crrfrt cdxice ion .business and lnrestments
• '•' Mnt-on Ft.; hours 10-12 and "-5.
- J ASTHMA CUBE.
- Ul NOLA'S Atthma Remedy -rcUevea Instantly
ICc. '^5c. &0o. 10CI2 -Slarket. St. Nlcholas :
¦ h.lto Wis^hart, ICth and Washington. Oakland!
FOU ra!e— Cadillac -autornoblle, 1003^rnodei*
ppeclalljr oqulpr^d with Fisk double-tube
tinF, ocetyifiie Ijcadllght. complete set tools;
absoiutrly first c'.nss; owner Rone East In-
quire li. M. PIKE. 1507 Front Bt. •
I--OM ral*- — loot easollne runabout; double en-
gine; fvit; (ott $l3iO: cood condition. Box
:72S. Call offje.
LCCOMOEILE. 10- horsepower; 2 seats: In
rood running order. Call 473 Valencia gt:
:._., ¦.¦:¦: BIKPS. DOGS. ETC.
HAKTZ Mountain canaries i Arrican cray par-
rou. jn»t received. A. C, Roblaon. 333 KearnV
« :- - . ¦ • ¦
TP-PTn-Fl-A mn-(W TOBOGGAN MAPLE SYRUP; MADE fRGH TH|
CHILDREN boardad; mother's care; room for
parent. 24 Dorland Et.
GOOD care: reasonable terms. Call or address
MRS. .M. L. CLEAVES. 27th ave.. Fruitvale.
A— $C5C0; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.: rent $250; return rent $175:
place dclrfg good business; full value In sight;
a great bargain. 'Sec R.G.WILKE,2ti^ Kearny:
A— $5000; roadhous(J and grocery, with 6 acres
of land: house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monihly Income $1000; one of the
b«st business properties; about 75 miles from
cily. See K. G. WILKE. 2U^ Kearny st.
A— $1600; cigar etajid, corner, choicest and best
location Jn this city; rent $10; large Btock -of
leading brands; will nearly Invoice the price.
See R-G. WILKE. 2C>g Kearny st.
A— $2C50; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paylns saloon In manufac-
turing town across the bay; a .good paying
business. See It. G. WILKE. 20'^ Kearny.
A — f 1C00; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; -clos«
to 4 theaters; rent $100; well established
business; full value in sight; a rare chance.
See It G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny gt.
A — $0500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacus. 1 coupe, 18
buggies, harnesses, etc.; 2a ateady boarders;
stable doing a flrst-class paying business;
rent $75. See R,. G. WII»KE, 20}$ Kearny.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles
from this city; 39 beds, M boardeFS, fine
barroom with good trade; close to depot. In
" lively business town; place making money;
owner to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE.
... 2C^4 K*arny gt. . "
A— $2500; SUMMER and winter resort across
the bay; beautiful beer garden; home of 20
rooms; 2 bare, -pavilion 102x50 feet, merry-
'. ifo-round. etc.; lease 4 years; rent 550; pa-
¦¦'vlHon sub!e-t every month for $100; a rare
' chance". . R. G. WILK E. 26 Vi Kearny st.
A^$650; CORNER saloon, with 5 years' -lease;
: v.ei-y best 'location- and "a good-paylne busl-
, nes*. "Call R; GL WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A^flOOO; BAKERY:." beet location In the Mls-
; sioh; : rent' $45; all «tor« trade; baling IVi
barrels per dayj A . years' .lease; .6 living
¦rooms,. See, r; Q, :. WILKE.. 2.6^ Kearny at. ¦
At-$2500; HOTEL,.' with 2.7 . furnished rooms.,
•across ths -by; 6, years* lease; rent $75; busl-
¦ hesBfixst" claps,' paying;- finest ¦" -location In
: good business town:- R. G. WILKE-. 26>>
.¦ Kearny .8t'... ¦;¦--'¦.'¦ -¦¦'.';''. '•••". . ¦ .
Ar-$90Q; COHNER . saloon on Fourth, st.': rent'
$30; living: rooms; lease: a place established
years and well . paying. Sfee R. G. WILKE,
: ' 2ti& Kyhrnyvst.;.. V ¦ ;'. ••¦•'•=•..'• _•_¦ , '_ . ¦
A-i$12O0: CORNER e'aloon' -on Kplsom St.; rent
$26; place doing a flrst-class paying " busl.-'
ness.. See R..O.W1LKE.- 26^4 Ke.arny tt. ¦
$200& T -BARi3ER Fhop; 4 chairs; elegant fl.x T
UireB. and clearing - at least $50' per "week;
: rent $75^ " Including . 7 . rooms: ¦ located • In the
.choicest business part of this city. .Call R.
- G, AVILKE. 26H Kearny st." . - . .
A-^$7'50; DELICATESSEN'/ branch 'bakery and
tancy grocery; 4 nice living: rooms; rent $25; '
'daily metpts about " $20; best- location north.-
of .Market .-at Call R.. U. -W1LKE. .264
: . Kearny; s.t; ' ' ¦ ' . ¦':;. "¦ . '¦ ¦¦-¦ ."..•'"
A— $1800: ".CORNER'. saloon:. abdut 1 block from
...Chronicle building; lease"; one of the best lo-'
'¦'¦ catena'.' in this city; .'rare cfiance. See .R..
<3. WILKE. 26^ Kearny. >t. ; .-.¦".•
A— $2600: HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 28 fur--
. nished rooms. dininc : and .bar room ; . bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent '.$100; horse,
. wajjon and 3 cows: -5-year lease.' See R.. G. •
WILKE. 26^ Kearr-y at. : .
A-r-$3500; CORNER grocery 1 and bar on Fulton
st.; rent $i)0: living rooms; stock will In-
voice a bo.ut $2S00; a; well established and
first-class ' paying business. See.' R.- G.
WILKE. 26 \* Kearny st. : "• . •
A— *a"00:' CORNER saloon in wholesale district-;
. rent $50; placv doing a flne -business; sur-
rounded, by wholesale houses; no night or
- Sunday work. K. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or • sell property of any
.descrtption do. not fail, to call upon us; we
may have Just what you wast to buy or a
- purchaser for what you .have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
'. 1312 Market st.
Rooms 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 3168.
STOREROOM with fixtures Irr very prominent
¦location on Market. st.: with lease 2% years-
to run. with- privilege of renewal"; wijl sell
¦ lease and' fixtures with or without stock;,
cheapest . rent on • Market st. for location.
I . J. W. JAQUITH. 1312' Market at... rooms"
418-419; telephone. Folsom 3468.
THREE' nice groceries, fully stocked, with flrst-
clasE goods; 2 with bars connected", one "wlth-
. out:'aU In good locations, residence districts;
doins: elegant ' family business. J. W. JA-
QUITH. "1312 Market sV. rooms 418-419;'
.telephone Folsom.. 3468."
FOR- sale — '-'Snap" for a dentist if taken at
'•. "qnoe; -'well established" -p'ractice;-" good in-
•.-¦• come-: fully equipped, office; five completely
, furnlBhe'd .rooms "for -hoireekeepinfB) adjoining
¦. .¦• office. xvJh'lcb • can be used "for" dentlBtry If.
. - : desired: "private entrance: 'party going. away..
¦ -Address 1353 : Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
"SALOON^iMuft I}"- B/jld;. make" offer; be "quick;
. .":t*?fore-. Tuesday. ¦ -See BEFlG. 31-5 -Kearny-.
$CCO — Restaurant; north Market, near Kearny;
. : statids inyes,; Tent $t>0. BERG, "318 Kearny.
•$150^PARTXER;. ' reed" " partner . more than
" Tnoriey ;' caU.'af once 1 . See^BERG, .318" Kearny.
WANTEp— IlBs'tler- with" ability to sell candy.
¦• 6n-;salary;"$ 15- to $30 pv week', must'have a'
• MUle- money' to" bec.ome a -member of co-
.'•'. .operative corporation under California l&ws.
.. Apply; immediately. KELLER CANDY CO..
477 Seventh st'..Oakland;branch San Francisco
THE real estate business of. FRANK* P. LEE;
¦': located, at, 911 Broadway, bet." 8th" and 9th'
•-- et?.. Oakland. 'together with full office equip-
¦ ment. counters! desks.- safe, typewriter, etc.;.
• Is for sale.-. Any one Interested will kindly
'.call af above' address for further particulars.
FOR .sale— in. RocKlUi. Cal.. 'railroad terminal.
. the- brsiness ¦ and '- rood will- of a- flrs.t-cla-ss:
restaurant and roorrilne rumse of 14. rooms;
: best . location. In- town; call and Investigate
on -premise;?. . MRS:' MARY .HOLM. Rocklin.
FOR- Bale — Eighth Interest In - new pteam
-. >choonerr oil burner: one of the best boats
on the roast; is. paying 15 per cent net. For
particulars address . MRS. J. H. }IAN"S-
• FJELD, "Redwood City. Cal. . . . . '
BARBER .slrip. 2 chairs; growing- district, hr.
.Santa-Fe depot-,",. Oakland: rare chance; sick-
ness" cause, of eale:.5t5O." Apply kt barber
.Fhop,. .Forty-first " -St.. and ."San Pablo ave.. '
Oakland: -' : ""• ;, ' "
A GOOD watchmaker or CDticlan can secure
fpace In n£w Jewelry store; "room about com-
pleted at. ."!20. San Pablo, ave. Address or
Inquire at 10C4 Franklin st. J. H." Wilson.
BARBER SUOP— 2 chairs,' bath, complete," fix-
tures • worth -$200; $8 rent.' lease, insurance
. all for $150; trade O. K. See PATTERSON
.873 Market Et.
WE Incorporate and float fetock companies; we
handle unlisted securities;' loans negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott Square!
Buffalo.
•
WANTED — Poultry farm, about 10 to 15 acres,
with about 5-room houwe. stablen. etc. ; prefer
Sacrarrvento, Sonoma or Napa County. Ad-'
drees box 2C20, Call office. .
AN opportunity is offf-red to Invest not less
than $25,000 In an established wholesale
business." For particulars call on Cushlng.--'
Grant & Cu«hlng.attorneys-at-law,104 Sutter.
RELIABLE, energetic man with $500. to take
interest in staple manufacturing business:
inside work; experience unnecessary; can
•draw $25 wk; ref. given and req. 247 5th st.
GROCERY: rare opportunity: .complete; first-
class stock; established 18 ye,'ars; large fam-
ily trade: excellent location: low rent; lease.
Apply 027 Market St.. room 621.
$12C0 WILL buy a cfran Btock of ladles' and
i;entK' furnishing goods, notions, etc. ; good
location. Address box 2145. Call office.
$50(10— GROCERY and' bar; residence district,
N. MVt; low r£nt; lcate: recpt* $75 day; Bna-p;
• Investigate. I'AC. BUS. ASS'N. 1148 Mkt.
$2500— PARTNER- In gents' furnishings, no-
tions and stationery business; established IS
years. Address R. P. H., box 2201, Call.
COAL yard in Oakland for sale; flne location;
• doir.g good business. Address box 1413 Call
off.ee. Oakland. • .
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap; office
rooms In connection: two years' lease $30
J. W. MULLEN, 27 Second st. -•¦" *
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; best location-
quick sale; -owrsw going East; no agents.
Inquire Call office.
$600— Half Interest In well-esTabllshed, good-
paying business. Apply at once. 530 Four-
teenth ft., Oakland.
GROCERY store, lncludinc notions and ba-
kery, cheap; toed business. 1717 Twelfth
Et., Oakland.
SAIXX)N for sale; cheap; good location; 838
Broadway, Oakland.
$1000 buys Vx Interest in cash business; worth
$3000; $400 month net. 36 Geary st.. rm. 9.
SMALL, bcokbindery for sale. Call Monday,
between S-12 a.m. SCHMiTT, 6CS Geary aC
CEAIBVOYAllTTB.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME' TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL
I DEMONSTRATION > '
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised Dromise.. - -
He i» acknowledged by all who consult him"
as a true exponent of" the occult aclence; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck. Ill health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries*. Would
It not be a. relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? To be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet with" better »ucce*a'
Then don't hesitate "until too late. • •
Go at once tq LIVINGSTONE.
Who Is permanently located at • ' " '
428 Eddy st.: lady attendant. ' • '. •
Everything strietry confidential. • '. ' •
Three separate reception parlors.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1
ELLSMERE— ELLSMERE
Egyptian Seer,. Clairvoyant. Paimlst.
I tell jour name and what votf came for-
whom and when you marry} how to acbleve
the greatest success In business, prolong your
life, gain perfect" health, become magnetic
. obtain mental poise, physical strength, over-
come faar. depresnion or doubt; I create the'
power of control In you that you may fasci-
nate the one you wish; give good luck remove
spells, evil influeme. . discords In famiry or
social affairs; reunite the separated; restore
lost affection: obtain a better business posi-
tion, or what you wish; where to locate, when
to travel: I can Improve your condition and
tell If husband, wife or loved one is true to
you; I ' positively guarantee to hasten mar-
riage and secure marriage with ou« of your
choice; I give suggestion; teach clairvoyance
develop raedlumshlp, thought transference!
etc., by mall $2; at office Sunday' and every
day, 10 to 8; advice on speculation. Invest-
ment and all affairs of life. 1C07H Market at.
A — PROF. MAYO. .
The Greatest Living Adviser on th©
Continent. •
Special flils week full-life readings; $1 ; satis-
faction guaranteed, or nw fee. accepted. At a
glance, before you have a chance t6 Utter one
word, he will tell you what you .came for; give
names, dates, facts .and figures; he tells you
every wish of your life; how to gain success in
love, courtship. -marriage and dlvoree; whether
you will be successful in business affairs" fn
fact, no matter what may be your fear, hope or
ambition, call on this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood be-
fore you. He will send you away happier
wiser and bolder than bsfore. He tells you
everything— good or bad: you hear the truth
and nothing but the truth. . •
All business confidential.
421 Ellis st.
Hours. 10. a. m. to 8 p. m.. dally and Sunday.
A A — CALL at once and* save $4. ' " ~
, m My famous $5 reading!* this week for $1
PAUL DESTINE. ' :
The Flrrt Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husbarfd wif*
' or sweetheart is true or false, whom and 'when
you will marry; In fact I will tell every hop-
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power In your nature so you can
fascinate any cne you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one and cause
marriage with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 8
P. m. ; closed Sunday. 32B O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of tbe past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
suit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice tn
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking; a ques-
tion; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c.
G. $1; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st!
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading,- tea
leaves; 25& up. 612& Eddy st. ; no sign.
MME. EUGENIE, the Cheiro. reveals facts
that will astonish you. 47SA Turk st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune^
teller, is now at 317 Ellis at..-.,.
ptODOIlTQ-HOUSES^JPOB^SAli:— Con.
A— CAMERQin'~&"co" Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy «.. cor." Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses. Hotels and
- All Kinds Business Chances.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lease; close In;
j cleaj-s $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
j per 'cent per. annum; departure.
! 23 rooms: central: 4-year lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
tHV-room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house: cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish;, this little gem at bar-
satn on account sickness.
j ¦ 45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
| well furnished and good running order; clear-
i Ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
,buy In city;. account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms: grand.- new, -modern apartment-
house; elegantly, furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; Sine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month:
•close In;, full of nice people; bargain If. taken
at once; dissolution of. partnership.
32 rooms: cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-class condition; good, furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear $300 to $350 per month;
"here Is best proposition In city."
7-room- modern flat, close in, well furnished;
cost $000; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
. 26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished: on
Butter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms: rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
'rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to j;et flrst-class house that is clear-
Ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Europe to fettle an estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
. making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9-room flat: rent only $50; water free: oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
ber 5; price $400.
128 rooms;" cheap rent: Ions lease; flrst-class.
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account' of other business; only with us.
65 rooms:* best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing flrst-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms: cheap rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month:
must leave make an offer.
60 rooms; new. modern building-; elegantly
furnished; cIobo In; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine /opportunity to
get an up-to-date house* reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished:" oak and mahogany: fine proposition;
rood lease.
. 16 rooms; rent $05: good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
all in fine shape: fine little apartment- house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
- Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand. I
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. !
SOME BARGAINS — Furnished rooming-house
In business center, making money, reason for j
Felling, owner going East, to the right party,
easy payments: well-located . European hotel;
choice family hotel: - apartments and flats,
furnished and unfurnished. 'for sale; prices
and terms will suit.
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO..
70S Market St., San Francisco, rooms 604-605.
MITCHELL & CO
1206 Market st... ...T...... Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to cult purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL. & CO
8- ROOMED house, all nicely : furnished, cen-
trally located; owner has other : Interests;
cheapest rent In city; rooms always rented;
will take the low price of $.100 If sold within
2 weeks. Box 1211, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The ."Weekly
Call. .16 pages, sent to any address In the
United ' States or Canada one year for $1. ,
ItODOINQ-aOPSES FOB SAI.E— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN. i
40C Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
Corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels, roominz and apartment houses for
. sale. We guarantee good titles. .
NEW BRICK BUILDING*. bf 60 single rooms;
steam heated, electric elevator, electric
lights, electric bells., hot and cold
water In : every room. • every modern
Improvement, right down town; beau-
tiful furnishings, teaut for S years,
quiet, transient: clears $351 monthly;
owner leavinc for' his 'Alaska mines;
terms $2000 down and low interest.
Only with MARION GRIFFIN.
GOOD 40-room corner hotel • In nloe.Mocation
north bf Market; first-class boarders:
clears $150 monthly;- price $:{000: %
down and amall monthly payments;!
owner will take $1000 of purchase price
in board at $10 per month. Exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
LARGE porches are Joy producers anywhere.
Hore they are and 14 large sunny
rooms; rent only $40; full of roomers;
price $1200 — cut to $700. half cash.
MARION GRIFFIN Is our only agent.
TRANSIENT CORNER HOUSE, i blocks
north of Market: 24- rooms; 1 <oor;
easy taken care of; rent $80 with lease;
rightly managed should clear $200 per
month; price . $2400— reduced to $1300.
MARION GRIFFIN.
TO RENT — FURNISHED with mahogany and
flemish oak, velvet carpets; 10 rooms;
new building, newly painted and
beautifully tinted: north Of Market.
. __¦ MARJON GRIFFIN.
32 ROOMS for $3200; rent $175; central; north
of Market; clears $217- monthly; lease;
double frontece; books open for In-
spection. MARION GRIFFIN. •
WHAT DO YOU THINK of S« rooms' In the
center of the City for $40 rent? It's
" In good order, clean, light and sunny;
clears $00 to $100 per month; a house
that caters to respectable working peo-
ple; up. to October 1 you can buy It
for $1200. Exclusively with
' . ' . MARION GRIFFIN.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
IF Y©U HAVE- A LITTLE MONEY.
TERMS, \!l CASH
On these 5. We back' you with %. see?
NEW AND CLEAN: 14 rooms; 3 blocka north
of Market; price $950. . "
2.
ON MARKET Bt.: 30 rooms; offices; new and
up to date; make offer.
3.
ON SUTTER: new and flne; boarding-house;
full ntyllsh; 30 rooms; make offer.
NEW apartment-house of "S rooms; -swell;
make offer; splendid location.
S.
GORGEOUSLY furnished family hotel of 75
rooms; near Nob Hill: flne-<or a lady.
MARION GRIFFIN.
The Real Estate Agent. .
DON'T MISS. THESE.
42 rooms: corner, 6 blocks of Market: "clears
$175: 5 years' lease: a well furnished house
21 rooms on Post St.: clears $119 monthly; a
good honest house.
11 rooms, 5 blocks north: $700: rent $35: will
exchange for a large house and pay cash dif-
. ference.
24 rooms: near Market: rent $35: clears $73
monthly; housekeeping; a good respectaole
house that can be bought at a bargain.
MARION GRIFFIN,
' ¦ . Room No. tO6
Examiner building. ¦
Corner 3d and Market.
HOTEL AND ROOMING HOUSE. ' "
100 rooms in best location In city; central:
- has <*eared J2483 n«t tn last 7. months;
owner must
co to Europe to settle
an estate; offer wanted.
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 406. Examiner bldg
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The W»ekly Call.
1ft page?. In wrapper, for mulllnr. SI rr ver
CLOTHINQ BEWOTATCTQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring; and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
1 BAD tenants: ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 413
I Montgomery st., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main S5S0.
HPSIKESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON te CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy. St.. cor. Market and Powel^.
Head-quarters for. all kinds of business chances.
FOR. «ale — Well furnished "5-room ark. moored
one heyr's ride .from city; fine .chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing ; completely furnished and equipped !
for. housekeeping; automatic- generators for i
making own gasi toilets, closets., everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
. people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy Bt. ¦ j
FOR sale-:— First-class livery and boarding sta,- :
ble; best coast city In Caiirornla; .60 stalls:
tent only $75 per mo.; well' stocked with
horses buggies, hacks and coupes;- long es-
tabllshed.and doing a good business; owners
retiring cause of sale. CAMERON & CO..
¦ . 3 Eddy gt. . - '
FOR jsale — Several good business propositions
• ' for . Investors, such as flrst-class laundry,
Ice- cream- manufactory, bakeries^ furnishing
' RGcSds; nierchandise, country hotels,' restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous" to mention: would be pleased to have,
you call -arid Inspect our list. CAMERON
" & CO.. '3 Eddy at-.' . .
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming houses' and business chances. CAM-
EK.ON & CO.. 3. Eddy st.
AN* Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city;
1 acres In shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
. many other attractions; rent $rjOper month;
4 years' lease; silfllet3 for $100 every Sun-
day { electric cars direct; el-ears $4000 per
" year; prlee $2200. For .further particulars '
see. CAMERON & CO... 3 Eddy st. £
fS50— .GROCERY and bar. IMS Bryant: rent
. ?2&; 5 living rooms; good stock; must sell.
FOR • fale-^2-chalr barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished: Inquire Call office.
BARBERS" — T^vo'-chalr shop, furnished;
rent cheap. 1501 Broderlck, cor. Post st.
PAYING restaurant; cheap. 758 Larkln et.
.$90 COR-NER cigar store; good stock; rent
$5.- Inquire 422 Fourth gt.- . . .^_
QANDY, Icecream and tamale. jparlora; good
business; cheap. 470 Ellis St.
.$2500 — One of tho best cigar "stores In* city.
Address J. C. H.; box 2200. Call office.
OFFICE man; light work, some collecting;
$200 cash required. 30 Geary St.. room 0. a
WANTED--To buy small restaurant; city or
Oakland; must be reasnble. Call 856 Howard.
51C00 — Old-established saloon and cigar stand;
Stockton st. Wlchman.LutKen&Co.. 20 Battery.
CORNER saloon for aale. 140 Stelner st.
WANTED — Partner, fine paying grocery and
bar on busy street: $2C00. Box 19CC. Call.
FOR sale — Grocery and delicacy store, at bar-
gain; departure. Apply 2509 Mission st.
$30i)0 — SHOE store for sale at a bargain; call
at once. Box .1415, Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale- — Restaurant, north of Market: $750.
For particulars, address box 1026. Call office.
RESTAURANT for Bale In vicinity of Devlsa-
dero street; good location. Box 1529. Call.
GOOD paying grocery and baV for sale; reason-
able; good location. Box flS3. Call office.
CIGAR Ftand Cor sale, r.car City Hall. Box
1052. Call office. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
- of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth,
r Open until 11 p. m.
IODGIWQ-HOP8SS TOB SALE.
CORNER house, 32 rooms, new elegant fur-
nishings. Is now on a big paying basis, will
sell on time payments; lOO-room house down
town, low rent, part caish: we handle Hone
but srood paylns houses, also Oakland prop-
erties, on time" payments. S. Tr. CREDIT
CO.. 10 Turk St.; phone 741.
$1100 FOR 20-room house; clears $100 month;
full roomerw: rent $50: owner 7 years; slck-
.ness. KREDO & CO.. 7C5 Market «t.'
12-ROOM house: only $20 rent; $600 cafh; well
furnished. 523 Jessie st., bet. 6th and :7th.
A LARGE r . rooming-house,, all full; a . bar-
gain; sickness. Box 2144, Call office.
FOR sale — Bargain; 11 rooms and bath; must
sell at once. 643 Geary st. '
FOR SALE — 9-room bouse and furniture. Call
at 72S Howard tU
¦cf ' [ ' J " - 1 * • . _ ¦ .^0
o! ' ' "^_ ; . ¦ / . • • • " _,_,_ ;""
I ¦ WMmi^^^m TO WANT ADVERTISERS |
|: . . ¦¦¦ Hf ]mm^^.^MWl\ li A CAN OF THE purest I
I BP^w^^f. 1 Vermont .Maple Syrup %
||: . i/l^flwMM S Hi A Most* Welcome Article on Any Table ;|
.«!;., ; lffl"^9^^«^5j l ill e su PPfy °^ a P^ e Sugar made is limited. |
|; • gjB ,r0j$ ' I'' Wi The sugar forests are constantly growing smaller; .; |
.§; Wm W A^Vpff 7 Illlftt^ Mm the demand for Maple Sugar or Syrup is steadily be- : |j
|: Wi ! j u\ wi wE coming greater. In consequence the temptation to :¦§
•|: ' .¦ fMi^M^ If ' Mm\ Wi adulterate is very great. Secure a can of Toboggan :|
|i:": ¦ ¦ H 0^2$$ 1 Tlw Wi Maple Syrup and learn what Pure Maple Syrup' ;i|
Si : H \Z~W JJ ' ... ¦/ W Ri tastes like. Any one bringing a "Want Ad" to §
I m !WA.PLE5yUp"P m- our office . . . h
1 • . I |i. C 5§£^J| : " THURSDAY, FRIDAY i|
1;| ' ; \\^^Pw®»*^^^' " . a can of this Syrup. . ; ¦ «
||; _ — , — . _ , ! . . . : — -iJ-;|
I CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS. j
1 OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY i
g:L; uw ,^ : ..j '_ : [_. r . .:..-.:....: :'-.-iJ:-:-.-.-, u^^~^ ........ — , ..;:J|THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL T SATURDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1904.
13
MEDIC AI^
LADIES deslrntg eafe. sure »nd quick reUef
frcta irregularities cansolt me; my mctaods
are paii^esa J"d reliable : no failures; ao ex-
orbitant fees CONSULTATION ASB AD*
VICE FREE; 17 year*" experience ta «il f*-
male discrders; call or write. DR. WHITS.
• TC2 Market st.. rccca 7 asd a. ; __
L-VDIES — If yea ar» In troubie, confel* ta rae.
Relief fcr trregulartties. Kilp for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively tj
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who caa say this. Cill oc
write. C.HindentiiL Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H.- WESTON. office 3i:=5 KEARNY ST.
UKS. DR WTETH. specialist for ail fetnal*
ccmstalnts and trreralaritlea: tsxtant reliaf
guaranteed: 30 years* experience. 32S Post it.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for an f»-
male trccbles> aad trregularittes; tTrsrant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008*4 Market St.. opp. Sta.
MRS. DR. GOOD"WTN. ladies' specialist, aow
vijiticg tie leading sanitarium* aad mater-
nity Semes of Europe, will retnrn ta Saa
Francisco ca or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Tayicr it.
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— AU who are sic* o»
ta trouble consult this specialist ca femal*
complaints;, pesittveiy corrected: ta« uafarta-
sat« helped; tae most difficult cases trsj.te-1:
advice free. OfSce ICli Markat sC
PRAE — Dr. Rctertson's remedy; a trratectlea
against lrr>jg-alar.-ies; atsoiute safety guar-
anteed; ~ ?1 "box. The Robertson Co., *13
Grant bldg.. Market and 7th sts.. S. F.. CaL
LADIES, cur regulator never fills; a protec-
tion without internal medlcina: price $2 per
bcx. FF.OSTS Chemical Agency. 1104 Mar-
ket it.. Saa Francisca.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE3 and HINDOO HERBS;
orlrinal method of treatment. 1123 Markat.
MRS. DR. CWTSR. 311A Leaveaworts «t^. **¦
tweea Geary and CFaFreQ.
LADIES — Kumrannd; safe, sure. aer«r falls;
$2. Gleasoa-Rogzles! Drug Co- Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2S93 Folsom «t^ cora«»
2gth: tadles. relief or ao fee: .*!«.
anscsLLuxors — roa saxjl
WALLPAPER.
3He— Per ran— 3*4c
7*-jc fill embossed; was 35c
Everyday household paint. $1 a gallon.
Tnese goeds are Srst -clans, a? to data.
Samples n-ule-1; write cs.
Hocsa painting, paper hangtag-. whitenias
and tinting. MERIGAN.
New store. 1424 Ellis st. aad 13C2 Wecster
St.; phece Jackscn 132L
2D-HAND machinery, engines, bcilers, pumps,
pulleys., shafting, etc*., etc, benght. sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 B*a!« St.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MdN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 1S3-137 Fremoct st.
DOES YOCR ROOF LEAS?
Repair tt with elaterite. ia roUs easy ta lay;
needs no painting or coating; good ot»t old
ircn, tin cr shingles: b*st fcr new roofs.
ELATERITS ROOFING CO.. 713 Market «t-
SAFES aad DESKS — As we are going ta move
to New Montgomery st-. and ta avoid nuiviug
stack, will sell at big cat in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS., lilft Market it.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskin* for sale on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment.
VNTTED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton *t-
A — ELTS. sells cr rents gear machinery. «a-
gfces 6agei». water pipe, shafting, pnlleya,
• etc WKITELAW. 253-2S3 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J- Ox> California virgin gtJld
wedding rtass for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
1 ANTIQCE rrsewocd paricr table, excptlsitely
rarved t?enre vefc're iieccupe): 1 anttT-i* ma-
tegany dreaaer. 620 McAllister st.
REPtTTABLE plair* to rent gents* full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palac* Hotel). !
EUMOXDS and leweiry on small weekly cr
monthly payments. DSREMER'S. 137 Mant-
gemery st- r rocm 12. us«tairs.
THREE pups. 7 weeks eld. and cne fall brcke
bttch: high bred Iriah setters for sal«s. 227
Nineteenth ave.. Richmond_ district.
TRY cur men's shoes at $1 and $1 30 pair;
foct-fcrm shces at $2 50; we pay exp?*«s
charges. 11 M St.. Frrarn bid.: eatal^g free.
' ALMOST new Kattasal Casa Resistsr, $123:
ec«t $233. 1303 Polk st.
> ¦
t FOR «ale — A first-class" ticket to Cnicaga;
male; medluin. Bcx 2C2S. Call cf2ee.
TWO ladies' tickets to Denver; gcol tttil
October 23. Bcx 2C<4. Can office.
FTTLL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; far sale cheap at 25 Stockton st,
AX elerant sealskin for «a> for' $75. SE-
; crRITT LOAN & TRC5T.CO.. 21 -Stockton.
: ELEGANT diamond ring $30;- terms. $3 /per
month. P. V. -GARIN*;i3a Moctgcmery st.
FOR- sale — Genuine water epaciel ; ycuSg degs.
CHAS- COLEMAN. 428 Natama st.-top.2odr.'
SLOT asaciines, ell kinds; lowest prices. Call >¦*
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacranaeato.
FIN?: diamond sunburst; t lars'*' stanes:. a
bargain: $350.. 10 Slxta st. - - .-
RCOM3 papered'; $4 up: - tiating. painting.
Harunann Patot Col . Third : tel. Main, 413..
2T--HAND bldg. material:, lumber, .dcor. saj.a.
pt-amo- materiil.* The Dcian Co., 1CJJ7 Mrkt.
DESKS bcujfht. ?oid snd exchanged. T. • D.-
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st. ; teL Scuth SIL
FOR tale — First-class new brtefcs. Apply .DR.
C. C CDONNELL. 1021>i Market n.
SAJES and ca.ua registers, ne-w aad sectmd:-
taad. L' FREEMAN, 1323 Market *V
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. EuHard & Ereck. 131 Pest stl ' . .
SOME good "4-haad gasclitie engtnes. 1 to VZ-
h. p.. cheap. £. B. SECK A CO.. 122 Mirt.
SAFES — New aad second -Hani " THJS EZR^
MANN SAFE CO.. 301 Battery st
GASOLINE engines. antamobCes and Launches;
; all stres. J. E. DO AX. 48 Fremoct st.
ailSCT'T.T. A TTEOTT3 "WA3TT3.
WANTED^ _
¦Seccnd-tanol Encjclbped!* Britansica; must
be Ut* isSwe: state price."
MCRF-AY A RE.UDY. e-J4-*C8 Ctay st.
E-tAitONt)S acd prectorxa stcnes bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. L'Jtvn 4C3. Adams
fcldg.. 2tX5 Kearny. st r phone" B"cri 30Z6..
HIGHEST prices for !aiies\ gents' castsff. clcta-
ing.,etc. TeL Da-ris £Z0 Sacraaenta st-
A BIG 'price for ladles^ and gents* castoff
clothing. 922 Folsota st_ : UL .Fotaoia 3322.
HIGHEST prices paid:, gents* castaiT Nothing
and soo«s. TeL* Red 1344. <J13 'Washiastott St. .
TTL-TON' -rasts eccd secocd-hand cictilsg.anif •
theatricaf gooda. 154 9ta.st..- ta!. Je«al« 2S3L
¦"¦• -• Moarx-sr xp i^>A*y. . ¦ •;•'•- •'
roiANHAVTAN IX>^»N COMPANY fiofc>^
...ANT AMOUNT T"O LOAN........
•.:.; .INTEREST 3Vi aad-« per centL. ....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN* AND COCNTRY
• I..- PP.OPERTT
Second mortgages., life tnssirxae* poiictes.
estates ia prcbate'. Undivided :tnterests : te.
¦ l«rQc*rtj-. probate realty Icaaf... *tociu • and
' bccd3.- lecacies and undivvii«il ' intantsc* ia
pr»f «*rtv purccaie<I. • ¦ ¦ - - -
il*>kVH'.Vrr.>N LCAS" oiVPtyr .-.-.-
- emixm 107-lOb Crocker bI<S*.i-P*wa« Mala M3«
- AAA— ailKMAN ilCRPHY. '' ' " 7~. ~
CGI-<S02-<«jil Esamlner building.
QnixJt settlement*; .no disappcint-menta..
Save exuenaes by- dealing directly.
-.Estate. *eccni± mertga*es. tradrrtded alter-"
rsis. »r''r"i"'' at r^nti property tn trust.-
' «tc., legacies. Ii*? •estates aail nnrftvtdeil ta-
tert-sts ta property curcaased.
'Cscrtaona tr*.atm«nt. Strictly ccnadaatta!
When Yoc Need Money.
See HERMAN MCRPHT. .
>• "' WILL LOAN
. A reasonable amnant ca. ¦ ¦ '
Ucrlzaze. en real estata or ¦
. . . Cnattels. ta city, tawa
'. Lew "rate <$. latijrest. . '. . ' . '•
Grw full carticslari •
of property cr tkattsl* ¦
¦•--¦.. • . Lccaticn. .etc
Box 43O» Call oface.
SALARY LOANS — ' ' • ¦ .
ltcn=y :uan*l salaried people wlthaat aectrr-
'¦ lty or tndorsemeat. knowledge cf employer cr
• any cat; ecnflokntiil and courteous treatment;
: call »"<* get terms. Drake. 433 Parrcti bldg.
A — O*> furniture o- pianaa at lowest rates; no
¦removal; no publicity; 'also oa real estate;
- 1st er 2i mortgages cr on aar secarity; aay
inotmt. O. W. BECKER. 34 Geary. rooxa.Sa.
LOANS cn'turaltare. ptaaoa and -otaar se-
' ct-rity. frcm $25 trp, wttioat removal. THE
NORTH AMERICAN* REAL.TT ANI> BOXD
CO., rccia. €t>. Cotaubfan blij.
HIGHLY resnectalsle prtvate pU:« t»' obtain
liberal advances an diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per. cent interest- Baldwin JeweJry Star».
8-ttt Marlret: tel. Mjia 1S44. Braaca 13 Talnl.
A — TEE Portland Jewelry Ox. 23 Stockton st_.
loans issney ca d!amccds, valuables, etc, ax
2 p«r cent ;er anr.fh.
Ml REST rANGY SELECTED iiAPLE SUGAR, WITH WANTADS-I^S^EIE]
MOSinrTO^OAJj-jto^.-zad^^^ I
MONET^Icaacd ta salaried pecpie. retail mer- !
cnants teamsters, bcarding-iiocses. without [
seeoriiy; easy payments; larg« business ta 4*1
principal cities. Tofman. 3i» Parratr bldg.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
sages. diamensis. valua&Lss. etc UNITED
LOAN A TRUST CO.. 2i atocktan st^ near
Market.
PRIVATE— Mcoey loaned on salarUs without
security- diamonds cr chattels: co fee; ao
ccia.: cut rat-.Cal.Lca3 Co.. &£•* Parrcft bdg.
MCNICTPAL LOAN OFFICE. 807 )Cark«< st.
LOANS FF.OM H ta $10.000.
DIAMONDS and prect^cs stress bongnt far
cash. KARL EBKR A CO.. rocra 465 Adams
bldg.. 2VM Kearcy st-: pcene Black 30Bg.
1 PER cent ca furniture cr pUMs: no ren»ova";
no ecmzilssioQ: no ptihlicity: $23 npi Quick.
<;uie*. cccndratial. Ut> Mjatgctaeiy sc. rax. -1.
CRESCENT Lean Oo. leans t> salaried pecpl*
just en their aate; easy payments. SCO Riilta
tUiS-. N«w Mjstgcm«ry and Missies sts.
TO salaried people ¦atom security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes aad other security. 3.
- F. Discccas Agency. 143 Paelaa bldg.
MONEY ta loaa »t low interest: geld, silver.
diamonds. « pearls and predacs stsne» bcugnt
a: W. J. HESTHALS. l!> Stxta st-
DCN*T bcrrcw money en salary until yen see
t». . Euttos Credit Gx. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Lcaa Co. cf Wyoming Ics.-.j to salart*!
employes. Rocni Sll. Mutual Sav. Ek. bMig.
ON real estate- aad chattels. 33. 'W. LICIC
1CC3 Mutual Sar. Bini blig.. 70S Markat si.
! ALL loans on diaracno*3 and jeweiry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Lcaa F»"fc. 535 Keamy.
3"*i ON furniture A planes; $13 op; no rem<rral;
co com. V. TREMAIN. rcoca O. 6 Eddy st.
: CASH leaned salaried people on sctes wtthout
tadgrser. MORRSLL tcr, FT»~tner building.
Mi,'mr>T. X3S*STBWJd2TTS.
Xiu^'oF^-PRIGHT BARGALN-5^-" "~~"^
Chickering. roaewocd. perfect onisr; Cnlck-
ertn?. nuLhotrany. good as new; W<£jer. nta-
hoeany. good a* new, three pedals: Vase.
walnut case, a snac: Sterling, oak case.
uaed tan mactts; WiUart used oce year,
fine condition, easy paymisai* — ftiily jsaraa-
te«d; frcm $163 C3-
BENJ. CITRTAZ A SON. 13 CFarrsH st.
AT %2 per month an. rent or pcrchas>; lowest
terms, lowest r rices and greatest variety o"
new ptincs: ali makes tn used lnstr l im-»nts.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2Tw-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 1232 Broadway; Largest exilialv* plaao
fccus* and only ma tit's .-lure rs here.
1 CLOSING OUT SALE— PLuum. Just as grcd- as
new; must b« sold before October 13w Prices-
rasys from $119 ta $143^ Cash cr Install-
ments. 7» Market St.. secend Socr. ever
i Auditorisia Penny Parlar. First cetoe. ftns
eerved. . •. ' ' ¦
; WHEN yets want ta rent a piano, eali ap cr
call ca Scctt-Oartaz Piano Co.. ' ZGO-H-&*
Hayes st. ; teL Fell 5761.
PLOfO. first -class, far sale- at a ¦ sacrifice:
owner llvtngcut of town; original coet $^3«>;-
caa be seen fcr inspection at 344 Claytss st. .
: GOOD piano for «ale, cash or tnstaUmanta.
2T» Taylor st. -
Talking machiaes. guitars, etc.: easy payments: '
month's piano rent free. Braeca. Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant sa-
hcirvny ca*e; cheap. E;munj. 21^5 McAllister.
' A PRIVATE party left Fischer xzzHz'zz to be
- sold: $133. 237 Geary at. ¦ ¦ ...-.•
A FISCHER upright piano for sa>: as gocd aa
new; J:_'3. 237 G«ary st. . -
SOHMER. Byrcn Martry pianos. Ceceliaa piaao
ptayer. BYRON MACZT. 305-312 Post st.
• NETT upright 9-arcii sold 03 $3 mccthiy pay-
ments. 5CHMTTZ A CO.. H McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickerfn* bat? rrand;
Shonin^rer. littli* used. K«;»'i 2S5 O' Farrell.
1
OFHCES A-JD STOBZS TO *L£T.
; ELEGANT offices; new Italian -Anserican w»w> {
bldi., SE. ccr. Montg. & Saet.x; l^ht ard
Tr^rry. G. H. TTM3SEN A CO.. 2> Mmt*.
NICE, a^rr office neaK furnished: gtscd light;
Jatitsr and telephone privileges:. priTaia ex-
change. Asotj 204 Calif cmla st. ....
OFFICE furnirore and carpets for sale; cCSce
to let, 38 Geary st- :
FOB rent — Section cf largs. left; light aad'alry •
•L. MINX. lt» New Mrntgcmery «.. 7ti 2jct
A-7CALL and see our demcnstratjcns. .wtth-ca*-':
half d face treated; I jffmxMBtom-^ta remov*.
permanently' wrinkles,, freckles, • ¦ . '¦ - " ;;
. Sisallrcx pitttags.- etc.;' . ;' ¦'.-/. ¦ <• ¦-..¦
. " ' ' Prfstsre to»t cc cscjir. '¦¦.-'¦! : ¦'.'-•.
li yoa desire a fresh.. -ycung.- face.- .£aS-«r
write. MME. - GILLINGHAM. '.ta. Pgwea st.
DR. ROWELL'3' Fir> :ot- Life; -a sore .core' fcr
- rheumatiani, paralysis, neuralgia; peercSCEia* -
. 'sore threat.' etc. -"SOU ¦fa' -'.air-.drcueiists fa-
over 20 years; pricfe 50cl -Maniifactured solely
by ROWELL * BiiQ"W-N*, 32 Turk "St.. S.- F- :
THE Stir Hair- Remedy : restcr*s -gray hair.~tm^
-. pre'ves tts srts'wth. stcjss .failing., ctres <±*z<£ztiZ.
' and -ttchiitg scalp: no stain cr- stJckiSess ;.
' - cleanses scalp : at droggtsts'' . : iairdressert' : as* .
- cept no "usatitste. Star. R*m^7 cq.. 13Z& Fo:*x.-
Cancerous .l-umpB. soresl Impure btoGd 1 affecting
¦ • skin, month; boaOk ecc>; lutliigf c^ 111 ' b *
skiaec* s;ec:ali3t frotn Eurrpe. :' ¦AppLy"Ce*"*?»i'
¦ Pharmacy. '328 Grant at*., Wc.rst' .cajes. enred.
BEST -oh. earta— Barradas lireri- kidney, ag-^
rh^imatisni and stomacH trofciles cored;- $L-
BARRADA5 MEDICAL GO.. 3la Graat av*.
A GITARANTEE TO GROW HAIH / .. :
On the wsm bale* head. CaU or writ* .¦ ¦ ¦
tR. G. S. MOORS. 332 Q-Farreg st. ,- ¦'. ¦ '
MRS. HOLSHOCSER. 323 Starr King bldg..
. la, Geary*. st- — Bast derelcp-aent, «lectr»-
¦ ijsta. magnatlgm. asasaage. . _ - - ¦-.
AT !ess than.ccat; uncalled for suits., overcoats
and trausers at CHARLES LYONS'. Lcndca
Tailcr, 721 Market st. . -
TOC can buy $73 wcrti of . furniture fx V 30
down and $13«>.per week. T. BRDLLXANT
. FCRNITTTRE CO . 34-> Pest st.. near PawelL
"REXTUDIO'S" Sunday aivts. wUl sarpriss
ycu-Joolc for tiem^ 75J*-4 Market, taccrs 2-?>.
ELEGANT suits to crder. extra Cast* cr fancy
vests, far $1*73. Fred Wagser, ««> Market.
EASY Installments 'fir Men aad Youths.' Salts
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1X17 Mx-
JJ a week: salts to order- $13 cp.. LSMO3. 1127
Market •*_. bet. Seven-ta and Eighth.-.
BARGAINS ts fine diamends: easy . parsassts.
P. Vi GABIX, 13S Mcctgsmery rt, "; ; ;.- ' '.
ONE DcGar weekly keep* ypis ta. ; Cn#- clothing.
. Art Tailortag.. IiJ44 Mkt..- endgy gt-'Xtchpia*.
I Snperfluoiia hair reacved; electric ceeiile. • Mrs.
Eaten. -35*) ' Sutter. Mtss Ea-pn.r*3.'Geary.T.3a;
LADtES'Wnd-ge-itleciea. **t!*ag ftid.;oest hair''
• ¦ .tonic .ta ' t*Mj World, .'at,. 1J1C> 5u«ar : »t.'.; ¦ : % :_-
TAILOB.-MA.pJ; *ait -.$T'3O;-' dress -piBEts- *2'3>X .
• . Misfit Ct'ot-BJaar ¦Par'c.r. -Jecr.-.Basii . a±d. I>?p<rnt. .
" ltA-S«it"EBAGS ¦ -co»tagtes.-..tlay-" beck?. 'wUfs:
cocatry erders. .GOLDSTEIN A.CO:.- 733 >I^t.
AJpFB2rD.OF.S Kgyirtiis - H»=aa ¦ rsit=rts 'rriy
' tair ta tta natTiml.'cbtor.; $1 at all •irsgKi.ata':
• A B?.XNC*H~ r cfSce "-of TSe Cill f rr tS> recepti<al
W- a('irerC-?e=ienr3 'and "suSscrrpticns has '-bVea'
- ¦<•.?«•«««¦ nt i^:S- .Market-; St., cpeiosit*. TUta.
Orea'cntii if r-.' -ta. .* . • ¦¦ -. ¦-;- -.'"-•
t . ¦ . ....-¦ . ¦.
}] •. parsiciAjrs ajtd BTTBOEO^rs. •
I DR. C. C" <yp<DNNELL-^Wfic<-'an<J*reslijen««,'
¦t82lVi Marrkct- st-. . fc«V •*¦** and.Tti'; cartica-
» lar atuntica pald'ta e^sea»es;:of wemea.
\ ELOOD. sfcia- and- rectal •d'sease* a specialar.
t, ' PR. BALL. Iff73.*r, --Marttec. sfc.' • ; ' ... ¦..¦ ' ¦
REMOVED^DK. WONG HIM. . aero, doctor.
treats- alt- : tf^eaxes «f the. -humaa body;', tor
' past tear yrars at lli-llt j.'i.v: rt.. bow 1^-
cited at &5T 'Geary st^ tear' LeaTgawftrth. .
WONG WOOv. tlie famous Hero ..doctors-All, dls-
' " eases "cared by Cainese h*rb». i-7**-*- Clay .st-
--. ' ' ' ". - *PATE*irTS. . '- ¦•"¦-.' • :
IN'.EM'IpS'S patfatet "F." P". ." METJUJX. *t-
' tsreey-at'-law. & Hchart bldg.. S32 Market K.
CLARA E- XEWTTTT, pursnastng agent; cooa-
try orders a. specialty: -correapeniience ' solicit-
ed- ' 33<J8 I7tl» «t..Saa Fraaci»e«j.Tel.Capt> «5*_
t)IT*D.Z3n) NOTICES.'
DIVIDEND nctice — The Giacs Powder Ccra-
pany, Oan. A dividend.. No. 70. cf fifty cents ',
<SOc) per share cs the tsstted capital stscit
of t>-e cciaoaay has Beea deeisreti. payable
at the office oC the company. r>-,jii 202, SM
and 2C^. Hayward b&Ilfiiag. San Fraaeiaco,-
ca Octofcer 10. 1304. Transfer tccks eJos« -
October X 1S0-V a: coca.- C. C. QUINX.
Secretary. • ' •
DIVTDEND JfOTICE — Tne Clareraoat Oil Co.
on Octster I. MrM. win pay a dividend.
No. 4: amcoatiaff to $4'C«>. *ici: ta on« 41e»i
cvst F«r *bar« on tta ut:«j capital stock. ;
p«yasl« at tie ornce at the «otip«cy. 731 '¦
MillJ tu;i V.z.{. tsis ctty. Traasfer tret*
cles« MONDAY. September 2B", 13M. at aoca.
GEORGS J. REMINGTON*. Secretary.
rzi?i,OT-irs-TT -TA*rr*rx:)— rcrzait-Cd ;
v^r-* -11—.'. .i. . ¦¦^¦¦¦^-.i ...... ..~^^^^.- »j<««>. . .i .' • ¦ ¦ ;
rot".?*'J wocixn wh-j at'tsaij school la rncrs- i
¦'¦ -.•=.•% wocM'.l.-iti! "i^tht fc;use-«ex;rk id! coosirg .
¦*t« As *fternocn»: wtllinx to get trsakf^- ¦
¦ Wx.-aao'U -Call cl-ic- •. -__
CTtwSata yr;ung .lair. . pc«it>''!i as co^ranjen 1
trelceriy- la-iy: .city cr cccntry; .i'«i<;-^ pa&-
l*KSal_ reterepcis. Aiiress .box 1401, Cali.
-.-,-.» NTrT>— Chamber trcrk la h'-rtsL A lire--* j.
eR. M... 1013 -g M:?gi-:n st. ... j
WOMAN wa-nri ¦•wcrSc: n.-rt--tias U.u=drrs«; |
g^od. rlain cocic -314 Howard. -.- i ¦
WASTES — PMitica by experv?=c*4 sasSler;
EXTCATXO3I as c».t. beat cf references. 2217
bSTVXTSOSi -fin-ei t» irrt-clajs dry j
.*. • -"TLi^N" . K :-..-.'--;¦¦.» rxk--? T-»a^inr h^=«: !
¦• cr-n i.r- ¦'.--. 'tt "r-c- Pag- T*»-"l. ; j ¦'
,->.r>V"c*-?-TtZ:i*i:NrS s-ibscrt^tiorj- recei-red at }
' CaUBcaaea af2 -.r.-r: r-^-as *n-i Czsrch s-s. j
Want id« md ratjicrirtl'-as« . tnJces for Tie j
Call at E2.*-a'3 Fi"— <33 McAllister wi.
ii rragy*rA?Yacs3rr- •WAama*?— atAXJ.
."¦ ag; ij • e^e-ator sperarxr; *> years experi- I
:' 'TJirr is sa--rji.and beat -ef -refeneaces: *peiij j
¦ ' Er.?-:;£h ar.i GrrrRAn.; mils- .have work r^?ht ¦
.,-.iir-i ; -: • Aiiresa. box" 2:^7. Call.
**fl \ ATTOP* wanted t? -Jiie- c*re of -a 'privs-te |
: -.ur^ierftind« gardening, hcrs-s 'and rrlTift-g. i
¦¦ Bumbo* ii. E^us«. -12C9 St=s:itit: St.. Sai :
¦ ;:Fn:i:. ; '.-. '."''...;". !
.a.— s:TVA*r:-;N" '.wanted to tai« care of a £ri- |
¦:-v«.te- pla;e .'-7 a- tr-isrwer^hy mi (Dane); |
;y LjdaMiaaga -cartfrn fr». hcrses, milking; good'j
: reisreneea. :3cx -l.tSS. Call clnce.
'J..C.TTJ P. 1. H V- *¦_¦¦¦"'¦' BTrt wrTTi ¦ English. 'Ger- |
. mar. - and : F>e=cn:- • ex7pr-.e?ic*d "!a. tie wvne j
: ; - "tr>O; ,'hctel'; ,a=d «Btanrs.nx-. bnsisesa, wintj j
•pi>iti.tc '-.'at- ccc«.'..:I3ci-210l_ CaO.
¦jgMJBBC-'iteady'aJsd in-iuatrti;i» y->ung 'Swedish j
'¦ -. -njii. ¦•: wtshies ;<s»iti-;c-'. a* wa*.:hmaa . or .-all I
¦ ".' arpend'. -pa .i wt.-iKi:? t-Hise- cr freight}
:/-hoBS*. ¦ Aiir*«s:F.-.'MOORw- Tl 1 ** •Earriscr.-st.
7TSLST-CLA5S ¦' er_?ir"«T. w-m*t«. p>;s'.ticc: has j
';w»i .t-cii--and-.te"*">ws ±irw t'^ is* them* Ad- j
iress : bcx.2U0. .-Ca"*.'*;. ¦ ;- . * j
¦A'- ¦*TA-T j :ON-."^5.Y;.ie=jm.»4r -c«:rea a position:)
¦¦• '-•KjM'."ha i ''i -to, '-rears Wxp^rtenre r caa -g--.Ve- best
¦ '¦r.l ;-«"f«re=«:e£. ': .Bcx .till. "Call:' ¦ •¦ •_ _; _ j
'.E:'*i:-S'EEiv; '.:«ta:::-i:rv..',2i>-r>:irs -/experie-c*; I
•' TftaiW "nir' "pis' : ---ting : 'eiipicrrps-t a. ciiy. j
-V ft ,. ¦*' ,"*i* T ' ' " ¦ -. ¦- ' - • *
¦ ,B-X ;.->¦. -L-. .. ; ; •- ;, . I
.A -.RgLlAELE-- 'man • wants -we.ticu as =-^t •
,.-¦- ,wai.ci:mani".-reffren'ces.... ;Ad.i-re»s • L B., ..5o j
• : .' Fclacci .»t ¦ .• "¦'...'¦" -'- : }'.¦:". '\. '.-.'¦
: A;--TP'CS"G ¦ftct-cb'eV' w'* 1^- '^c» -*• *>-el*-^ i=. '* '
-'.•irsf-ciais'.hQtei.- e'.-.y.Vcr '.cscn-iry. Addreas ;
'• S*3 .Castrb •'.'«.¦; '^a.-iland > | -^ .;- .-'.*.' ¦
•. . CSO man wants ' 'Bcsricni '.ofSse -wc-rk cr
"¦"cbnectar; -eaa .furnish' -Stnd. ..:Bc« Z>44'. '«3CL .
EOT w-Lstes '--poeitic?.- "12^> Tsica" -it. •"" . ' '-'
i^-T — — ¦'".'¦: ... •¦'¦'"' ' ,-L. . 1 —
'ilZZ.~ LE-AGT3O art.tv« . -min; .< German). '. w-ell !•
¦: a >n v ia:n te- i"!in\=-- :F W 4-r5ire.s pottica as ecl- ';
•~ -.•?¦•'.'?¦. £*i : cf relerehces:.. cajfc tends... Ecx i
'•'.aea;.v<a^'; .atAge..'-: ¦;¦'.•¦¦;'/.- ¦'' ¦ ¦ -. ¦•'¦•. ;
VlL' =1TT"ATIs3N -wanted 'tc,' take rare cf ¦private '
.;y *r»l^l*--uiai-.: uiderstands' tarden- j-
. 'ing; • care- d*.- series asuj- rnilxmg: geed nisr- I
¦¦.-n.oas..-.E.JS i i S#^-. C.al* cjice: r T'.'.:-*;"-.y ¦ j
A - JPTEAt" T '-jii- ' sp?;?rr -sii --wints prsit:-n | in i
•• wi-:>talf 'ln-:r'-": :use.:-tc deliver "gcods- and j
¦ ¦^.¦J- l- : :^rs.-v:riScHrit;- : gi&ii references.: Ai-
• : _— -* Tr. :Ycrx : /5t.;-; ..¦:,'¦;¦.•.• ¦ • ¦¦• : .
'¦Mi*5rLE-AGEi> l-cas;- Grfman, -Al 'rarieser.
¦-. la ail .-_- t — n-i-s:-s--:-r'.rar.d :wUling: -aSle !
¦¦¦¦•Intake ¦^iari*-'.c;.g»=*l?man::«-fla^e; wii» a-:
j 2^krcciv-:.2:in...::^n:;*:y;- 5»:x-2*>14. Call. ;
. - -' ~ .— 3— ,.-y. .. rv^-*r<r~.- — »v ' * ' ' — ' -
• y*ars'. exr^riecc^..-'-.h.4sdling ; men. .. weigiinif.- ,
' -.u'.^ . cbirrt>;*'anta .¦¦.perminint work. :Ad- j.
¦ ¦-- 2::*?i.*r-;*jsa- ccurt.-'-. ¦ .:.. -. .-' ¦_. \
iCACHHAS ?:r frrm. ; Ea*t: .wants .pcsltion; t
¦ t -xp«rii»sced. • iirseman'-. •¦'sty ?iah .invtr: refer- !
'.'.ences. g-.vsn:-:i:cstaU .ignored. .- 1415 ¦ Kansas st. f
*"'XPI*F.T ¦ tcckitfeti'Ser . w'aatj .. : ?*rrr. ai: ent -pc«ir I
-t. c.. taifczjr <x>eriec.<*::'; can. f-^rman' Surety j
' '.'¦•fr; a •*y''.'*y*T : **.'' '-A4dr.ess. : .t o:x ;*Si*ki; Call.."
-r ¦— : — *^~- — . ' .'.' '' ¦/ " ',.' '• r-* -*• i
-A- Ctn ri -7-,vng ¦•: . **:-«:¦ . --w-aacs. >:«:t:ca ta ;
..->*i*— ¦¦.r-'re^a^raiit.-i-.'cnce. ' SCHL'MANN; r
... ';-<"u:j::x. ;:.;.'.:'.-'vi- : . : /---.- " . I
: flFJST---.^i\.'i'4 :i-ar:-iet>;v i>; years'. <»xperierice. |.
¦ 1-* rrvs -<'Kt4".h .'•-: ' r.r-.H al;« -. .rinuly-: . Address. -|
. (>j.P.rZN*E?~.' ¦-"*¦> 'G'lvi.ei: .Gate . ave. ¦' ¦ . '.
•:-=;>'TL£.3'aS- nir»*' . wiu-lS •- l^te' .caj-e.of" ln«- i
.. ; . v.ii^st.'relere-nifes. : 3cx !¦»_;*. CaU >f2c«, j
;.i,. : I.E'?.*e-VN"-yaiter;,C-4:ct wqrxer. wx=.ts po- -j.
¦ - : * .-': B *.'*»:• ¦iM.ery'-rwtiuriit- ' at; crure. .ia ,.
¦ - "-gi=^a;'-r»-;. ¦¦ /v":.-;-y----^>' : -- ••¦ : ' ' • ' .
' 'tA^'ENTER-'wis'hfs wcttc'. irecf frrjci'-'cwner; 1
•V-;-jftejpiirSjrt faeyw-.'^r.' tW'^ay s«<.*a>. A - i dress ¦'¦
¦ : '¦*"• '•'*** -- : *y.-4 i .^r**.«r^** 'i*t..:gi*y-' , • . .' j
NX < 2HT-..wi;chma=. or' -*a£:tcr' "wcrk; steady. '
1 i-:r>r-.-mai-; '•' "will", pet : : cj' cisa' .twod. -Box L
; ;.' ;l^.-;/Cal' ; ; -'JcfSea. ¦•-.'• ¦¦'-¦; . ;.'. y .¦:..- :;'_" .. _ • ;.. ji
. VO.VN..I- man- wiahes "poBiticii- 1= ; cental 'effice;
-.-, has •¦tai.se me' years'.: experience;" references.-
. -E.;it .13.7.4. ::c*ll. cficei .'.' . . ;. '. .-¦" . ¦.* •
' '~-' :tiie.-chirge-'cf .ntine; 'ten yfears' -expert- |
¦ •±-LECT$XCL^N .¦•wha'-'thcrcugnly' unlerstanis
'• '/ .'.esrt— '¦ a'.*4-z^-'.'az4 - cc=s>ructt2r -.wiaiss -'pcai-ica.
¦'AVrrpjTrCLAiS" rsneral" macir£isT:'2r>'yesjV-
: -expfr;<- r S?V;^winis.pcsiilin.'-Bcx *J73, .Cali. -¦;
; A ¦rTZt^Z-Cl^X5S'- :^t'oLTter*r- wants Wark'. la ! -
¦"\V'acT^ircr^sicp.--.y£vH.*iiVFZrU'42--Cak «t. ¦ ;
'A.- N;D'. :¦ i: •¦''.tarter'. '«¦**£»* «:thej- -.ihcrt cc. s'teadf
.- ..- . : A : :--^ ; 3ar.i> - ; 1400 Zjuritli. 'tz.
•."fITT aTTO'N. .want?-i.-iy-. : Oer3iai-Swjs. _ti ti^e
.care- oir -fccrsJM '.ind cow*. ; '13»* Stocktca st.
'^ON-UT'ItN .-.carp*-:*-«rr-' »az"-j •«teaily' wprtu
:.-.Bcx : 20C^. ;Ga*I. : of*ce...-. .; '..- : ' ¦'-. . ',
; A:NI.CE.-ai5."-ii=est : japane*e v-rr-g.— at. who
; :«pe*jts..ex=ell»nt.;'Eng:^!h,-. -*ants any h-'-^ -s
'¦• pcsiticte 'r~r:,«- t? ¦ 12,.»-' =1; out rocaa. set
: -r-ieai-. VICTOR;. '725- G<eary, st;» dry. . ""
¦A JAPANESE tcr.art'-bcy^ waits '• poaitic- -ta
' • .-¦. sicre':<;r-'c?ic»' at- general . wcrk : ' ireaJca- w»ll
; ,. T :A3tES -• : K;Ki*U,- CMX-JPC -faiaiese Art
.;, '••et^r*;.: 213.- Pest: «t-- '-.••• . • *.." ¦• --
pcsitien. i*
¦ . ••ciroc! -. .t«-y . .-er -h-rcs* w-rrrei-.; . -j^eiks E=xlisa.
• :. e*ii?f£Hl: ;6.";0*- -£tc«lctos.-*t; •-•. ; • - - • " •
A^A?.ANi2SS:,bc-y 'waia -.ipcitiac'' ta. io hpum '
:¦• .W5r3£ : ;cT-"ti-«dS">*Ibr?-:-sc--.res*;ect- t3..«ig«
.:-;-b^.'.^£^^''££S.';Sisy«n#cii''»t:- • '. I
;•'.':"- :'.' '' ¦ ,:-. : .'.. ';¦.:.'.•..-•'.¦ ' — i ; — 1
X ' '.r'i.iTHFt"L'' J*pa=*»e- - : wjst-s - po^ticc is 1
.:.-.»chrscl..'->ry -.pr •¦t3 d». ¦• SocsewcrSc ta ' smill »
::>?»-arey. -ft/' OOAW^i-JEi* ¦pi=e;»t. •- . r
:i.'.Tpi'S"-'3' ; 3'ar«ii«s*'.waz,*i'i?:siti.tn u yaTet::
V.v's.SkiaJE^-jriais. well' '¦ ~AKA FXTJIi: 12103 I
-Xajrlcia «t- : V' .-\'-:"'; .,*.-"; . . "' " [
¦-V- JAPANESE'- wishes a-poeitica' as an aaafst- [
¦..-art' csck jcr-geaeril nrmsew-rrk: city cr ccua-
; ; : trr,; «6. Krc K. ' O: NXSATO. . . •
At '• JAPAN KSH-cc^ir desires pesitics u eo<ik--!a
,' -respectable,' .family * ..tas ' gscd rscoaiseniiaT
¦' nc'ns..". -KA*»ZSICHX ' 2O'-.Le~ci» -gfara.
.V. -'iAiPAXESE' isry- -r»V» ¦FTlllttW at hocs^r •
".-»c?*;-ican.«sck. CEO. £3. CABCXCHJ.- 1525
- . >yik ¦ it.,. -{i»tf .Fc li 4C1-1. ; _ r
¦\,--iTA**rKytrL -xpa^res* bcr vtza'autlt asn-
1 •«-?»• -for' a. ' rcj~u iTC5 " Pine St.: M. E.
, r? fhirrrrt. ; T AX AKA.
A .';Tl£UBDty J*QBSCH •wan's poetrfca as'Txlet;
''•.•./;.<:i^j .rijt^xV «1 . TAHA FtTJII. • 12i'JI3 1
i ... Lartia'st. _ - . ¦ . . . -• ' I
A'JAPA»"J*2E bcy ; wants a po«itlcn as sch.?oi-
'. kqp -ia — "¦'-- f» — .j- £ia G«ary st.;- fees*
• iiyit rrs*.- - -¦- . -. • ¦•
a '••'.'.' FAN*z=r try Ftstx* a pc-'-.ttsai u •ciacl-
-¦- bo •¦- a.s=2!i fir-.'ly. .TAi.'ASA. 811 Stcck-
-t^i it.- tx«. Sish-'!;22-. "• " (
±±-r-. r4- r 5 i^ : '
iA.t 'iNi"X-E . y<-un .bey warts ¦ocsi'ti'TTi as .1 I
'. >vnocl fccy.- K. E.; eacce rHiseaa 33S3. U04
¦/¦riitea lit.' • . •..-¦. ; " -
': a P:'.r~52: • csezim . .wait ' a . pcsltica ; naa . ta
. c i, k;*xh<rs -e^ ; wife as stcczi w-rrkcr .la
¦uftwCf. .7 AHA TO, 423 . Stever«cs *t...S. T.
) • TAP..ir"X?S 'wxr.t» a at *»tnewcrk;
'. .'.^T-iTjr-.cr.JspteL .Ecc -2S2T.- CaU efnee. .
:¦;•' -?A VZ£~ "wy- wants pirisitirH as •caaei bey.
V:»C*T>a«.rej Larkl.= »t:; teC 37S2 Polk.
>^^K : S Sfyi f=V 3 «it»— T3« "Weekiy CaHT
•.;"--:".-*^- : :s:'*r:wr=^Ts«r.-_ # rr r-.a'Tlnr. $T per year.
:y : : ; --;r^4.T3.TP X£T- r TXrK3P^i ¦/ k n. , \ »
J 1 . M'.l,.. I'll I If. f - arii»A«d' -middl* flat- ct flv«
7 r«cBs) -.»=* tartt: 'rent reasaoail*- Apiriy
.'•ichir.berwcea 1^0 aad 3 p>. . OX^ 7* Scuti
¦' -V I.E.- <10;. {rrctisg. parissc*:-!. 2 biocki- frcta !
. -jP.ark-, •=trasc*-^5ira ' all day ta every rxsai
.¦¦.•- -ry-ms ar.i tatj;- can' lie seta frsra U to 2.
Tyrtrs •irary - roo/is. wlti -tatn: new 'aa4 •
. --aoitrr? ia-»*.to tw 'iw-ca to-be appreciated;,
¦' :¦-.,-»« <JatJT, '«T2.Eddy rt. " . - '. -. |
Cat fcr"ta> cr far "neat: « tecs*. I
¦-." — **3 Mirk-t at.. c3 Vaa JTeo ar*. f
r*LAT8 TO *LZT. I
A — HOHSES and. Cats to let; aa lm=sease Ii«t:
¦eiwtee »isclut»Iy free; taie advantage of
tii* <lrpart=ient; it w-.ll uvi y.ja tisie and
rr'.-utie. Cartes Furaitsr* Cc. 245-23a G-*ary
St.. ca th« square
CALL a=.i see the sew Hits ai C0O-M2-4M L«-
ru»t st. near Sacramento: <5 axd 7 r->:rns and
bath; rent reduced- Apply MADI3ON A
BURKE.
NINETEENTH. 4012. NW. earner No*, block
ta Castro and Eighteenta st. cars — Lcveiy,
""•*"*. t"PC*r 3-ro:i3. modera fist; stcrer-?«-m;
Euet t« seea. etc; $23; water free.
ELEGANT sew fl»t; tt large sunny rooms and
bath; reat tZS i-X. 1737 Pag- rt-. near
Goiden «3a.te Park.'
K2 *') — LOVELY Sit: 3 rcoma; ali modem and
«ur.=i; yard and cellar; grand view; water
free 7CS Dclcre* St.. ccr. Liberty.
$23 — LOVELY Cat; i rcoms; all -ncdem aad
sunny; yard and cellar; grand view; waier
frve. 734 D-^icrss st_ ccr. Llt<rty.
$2S> — LO \TE1LT nat ; 7 rooms ; aii rnoiera aad
•unny; waier and hall gas free. 57 4A Valen-
cia, it., sear TVectietn.
ELEGANT new flat; 6 Ianr*.. sunny rooms and
bath: rent $33 Ea 1737 Page st.. near
G-iLies Gais Park.
TWO new elegant upper- Cats: 6 rscms and
bath: marine view; reasonable. £S- ccr. Ea- j
rhar;a-i and Filbert sts.
NOE", 163-163. saar Fifteen ti— 6- rccm fiats. 1 ;
blcck ncrti- cf Market; tniiile. $.30; upper, t
$32 S6. . . .
CENTR-\L. medera flats: 3 rooms, bath. 1C14
an* I02O SAoramento st.. abeve PowelL
3T3" SEVENTEENTH st.. comer of Sinches.
six «ua».y rocca. bath, $27 50: water free, j
TXTRK. 524 '-j — 3-rcom Sat; bath. -:•' — t-a---y'j
gas. water; $19 menti. •
LAKE. 74i. near Ninth ave. — New French Cat;
g rooms; rent SZS; marine view: park rear.
NEW sunny u-p*r; S rooms, bath, etc; marine
v.2w. 1221 Valleys, near Eyde cars; cheap.
$12 — Four sunny rocms. 234 Dnboce ave.. be-
tween -Guerrero and Market sts.
TWO new flats; middle aad upper: 6 and 7
- ro4tms. Cu-bcce ave. (13th st.), near Market.
A NEW «ty'.e Sat: « rocms aad b. ; eiec. lights.
• rent $30. 137a Oak st., ccr. ¦ Miscci: ave.
POST.' 1633 — Six rooms and beth; upper flat;
rent reaacnable. ' .¦
MINNA.' 454 — Flat cf 3 rccms and baih; rent
$ n.j ; water :r. :.-. i^ 1. -
$27 SO — ''-ROOM cottage, larg* 'awn:. 3-rooci
Sat $23. . TXTTTLE. 11 M^stg-:n-.ery st.
LARGEST list of fcccsea and iats to !•«. Cali
cc LTON A HOAG. llg Ma=txcm«ry st. •
CEIaP-CST and best la America — The Weekly
' - <"»:;, 13 pages, sent ta any address In ta»
- ' Ccited States -cr Ciwjj*i cca year fsr 11.
pcetage paid. ¦ . . .
MODEF.N ¦ *-rx= sunny' nat; rent $42 £•>:
water free: fumishinrs at a bargain. ITS
Cak **_ ; call between 10 ar-d 1
$275— FLAT: seven rc-ems aiii bath; four
• ncci rented. 34S Hayes st_ •
TO -iet^ — r furnlsned feousekeeptng rocr-s. CaU
between 9 and 12. '2 and 3, 14M Grove St. :
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly rurniahed 7-
roeg» Cat. Apply mornings.
ruttjnmtl rO2 SALE.
H. MEYER i Co. say higa^st price foe far-
- niturc, carpets, etc.- 7;2 MissicnteLBush Sll.
$73 WORTH of furnirur* for $7.10 down. $1 30
per »i«i. T. EnHTaat* s Fur. Ca. 'U3 Pc«t sc
T U oji i r u jfcS WA2TTSS. '
> ' ¦ ' A3E LEVY. ' •
Ealesrocm. -1133 Market st. Tet Jessi* 781.
E'en'- sell yo<ir furniture, carpets. cf3ce rur-
azture, etc, wntjl ycu get hi* estimate.
WILL pay 2"J per cent mere frr fumlrare than
dea-ers cr will seii en commission. L.- H.
5*.'P.D. auc. 1C*H Market; pa.ng Jessie 2*>i'>.
hiij . y ajtep— rry a t.t-^.
2 • COijKf '. Amer.caa.. style $;:o-$33
3 German tfbeks \ -. no I
' Ccck f or 4 pecpie. boarding-hause $25 1
H :uaemaj.d ¦ f =r r5 arrilts , -...$4<>i"
Cock anil secend giri. zame house il'j- >.-,..•.
Paricrmaii far Saa. Rafaei.' ¦.$3«> f
. 3 second. girls 1 1.....-,. ..; $U0-*25 ;
Kitchen helper, private family ::...$£0 )
•Nurse . fcr -6-year-cld ooy : -. . .$23 ;
Ho-usewcri^- fir i^tasta. Cocaty. .'. : '. . ,-$3i> j
.Kc'^e-xork f-r Fresno ." $30 j
Chamberw-rk and waiting: ccuniry hcter.$25
. 4r> h^usewcVx r^ia. ¦'...- $3>-$25-$:iO
APC.lr-to Z- F. CP.OSSTT 'A CO.. S34 Ssitter.-
A WOMAN with cn« ctiili as working bexzae- j
;.. "te-i-:-er for two peoc'4, $15. -
A. strcri. woman- to care .far aa Invalid -at "
nirht. $li> a week.' " . • '•
• A w^nan to h>!p ta innrmary. $25- a- mouth.
- A fir«t-class w^i trees f-cr 'private family.. Saa
R+faei. $3*. . ' ' ' . . ' - : -
' A ' cock tir a private . family fa cit- - $40.
¦ MISS ' FLUNKETT, .425 Sattex st. ,' FowelL
'A— FEMALE curse. .State testitutioe. : $30 UL\
MU2PJLT 4 READY;! "534 aad &18 CT'a'y. st. '
A — *»TANTED — Girls to. learn. • talrdressing I
manirunng. etc.; trade taught -from A zo Z' \
¦ - In 2 w-eeks:.tuitioe S3' ta these . entering cow; J
three' po«i*icns to 2n Immediately; positions. '•
g-jaranteed at $10' per' week 117: leading.!-
«cto<?l tz West. .233 Geary «.'. room '13.
WXNTED-rGirls to learn! millinery aow fcr I
fall feasca: twth seasens taught from start !
to ¦-ims'h in oce cxnth fcr -$o,' pc«it-ioca as i
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guarantee-'! at- 1
- $lt> p«r week up:. 7 positions to ce Clied im-
media-tely. - Parlcrs m Strwktoc St., r.. IX -j
A— PACIFIC . Colleg*' teacies tairlresiic?. !
masicunig; electric- massage .etc.;. six nours' !
practice a dayr guarantee, positions ; csly i
recognised csilege cf Its kind oa. coa^t; day
and .evening classes: all parlor work at ! rs-
duced ;rice«. 133 Powell st.. ;
r:rpTj; to rtttt r,vi.T>^ r,py o KX^-Z-
RIEN'CE ' yrCESSART: GOOD PAT;
STEADY WORK. LEVT STEACSS A CO..
C4 . FREMONT ST. AP.PLY -TO • US.
' PATI3. ' . •
LADIES- wanted e-^rjwier" ccpying letters at
Tisz^e, evezlrgs or isare tisse, isd rsrira to
.*. cs: ao isailtng cr- canvass:=g: $3 weekly
earn*": materials. f re*,* inclose »e:f-a.i"dr>rsBed i
¦ envelope fcr particclars. G.w»-R.VN*i"EE- CO.,
S 12 Nista at.. Palladeiphia. Pa.
¦ — '¦ — *"""~""~I -¦(
"WATfTED — Thcrcughly experienced saleslady
- fcr neck-scear department. MARKS SPOS
122& Market yt.
WANTED — E3-:*rte=c«d ' saleslady fcr rihecn
C-partmerit. .M.1RKS FROS.. 1223 Market st.
WANTET> — Ticng lady who Is aa experienced
S^anlsn ste=c^r«.pher. Apply between S and
tl.a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED— Experteaced saleswcmaa. Ap;Iy
betwee- 0 acd II a. a. at HALE BROS. ' '
¦LAD*ES— Ears $2i) per 100 writing lerters: I
stampeii esvelCT* ftrr particulars. IDE\L
MFG. CO^ Casscpolis. Mica.
VTA-VTED- Wothaa to do general work ia j
cafe; no waiting: $2*> per znocth; hours trza !
¦ S n t 3C4 ilascn st.
*7A> nil? — Imme-"iately. w»tnnrs». A-ply j
. rooa ZL, 3d fijor. .S1H Market, bet. 1 :3"> and 4. {
TOCNG girl to assist with kindersarten. Can I
' M=day. bet. ». and 2, at 1812 Hayes at.
NEAT girl to as«ist with 2-year-ctd boy: sleep
teat; vages J15; references. C21 OTarrfH.
WANTED — Alteratica hands on ladies' ec«u
azd fitlrta. CAtLLEAU. 114 Kearcy it.
WOMEN to tax- cotmae tn detective profession,- '
pail wiU* *.eamiag. W7 Market, r. 104. |
TOCNG girl ta assist la kltccea ef email res-
taurant; $13 per month- 73S Lark: 3 ¦*.
EXFXErES'CED tewtsg Tra^?r?« operatcrt en
oTtralla. ccata and Ji=pers; steady wcrk.
LEVI STRAUS3 A CO, 321* Tre-wet 'st.
Apply to Mr. I?avia. •
¦WANTED — A yocng gtri to assist two ladies
• with light ncxise-work In Palo Alto. Address
•bcx 2UST. t!a> oface. •
WANTED— Apprentice co Tests; paid wills
isarsi=*: coe. who eaa sew. 934 Folaon «t-
\r ANTED — Vfcrsaa "to ga- to eonntry: general
' hJttsewcrk; vfr washing. 2S3O FoUcta st.
¦WANTED —^A wcaxaa. to cook. Apply 203O
Suventeenta st. ¦ -^
FT?.ST -CLASS waist. tWrt acd ccat hinds
Ajp'y to J. BAZR. 12t» Geary tx.
ADVERTISEMENTS, sansertptiens received at
Call fcrancn cfSce, cor. Duaeaa A Cn-srca sta.
A BBA*fCH crne» for Tae CaU far tb» reeeo-
ticn ttf adv-rti»*metit» and sabscrlptlcas has
b«n ct«=«l at 1CC8 Market ic. cvpoaltt
nfh Ores cstfl 11 :. a
H3EIJ VAjnrBp— -VTAT.-R.
A-ia'EPJtfi READY, CU'and'Sa CUy st.
Phore Ma.ia 5»VS.
L*>.a-iin^ Erapl.jynient and Labor Agents.
We sp«ak the O>!rnaa, French. Italian.
Scandinavian. Gr»<?it. £ear'. «a. Sia.vonian arul.
Danish languages. . -Vc1>>i*
13fi3 We Gavt 15<>* V,"e Hope to
tiVXQ Men Work. Increase .&>,QCO.
14 CARPENTERS— FEES FARE.
Fcr a Larse raach. $<iQ and found.
Buiil tana, «t^.— FF.EE FARE.
—AGAIN—
12 carpenters, fare COc, *3 SO day.
12 <-arrenters, fare *<.'<:. $;i day.
12 carp-enters. Nevada State, $3 day.
Government, work— r-^ugh carpenters.
P.cugh carpenter. Oaiiand, bess cere,$2 30 day
SHINGLE-:?.* W FILER..
$2 JO day tccni — fare $S.
2 roim? cea as carpec-ers' helpers, far min*,
steady job, $73.
Wne«lwrU;ht. Star; c' Nevada. $*» focml
Batzher. ehep wcrk. fare £Ge, $Co found.
\L
B-u?STraraaher, mine town,*$4<> found.
4 tearza-ers. naul w.-<d and. plow. $40 fcund.
2 miners for tunnel wcric. far* IQe. $73.
SPIXUXL— C. S.
Gove-r^rent Work— Nevada.
—CARP ENTERS—
U^hc'sterers. t2 Z>> day.
3 shingle-^. :«>c fare; Jl per M.
Z wiTrxiworicers, $3<;: 3 bench hands. S3»l
taiie Kaker; •> tmsh maisrs: '.. 1.-. i sawyer.
—12 PLASTERERS $4 5<> DAY—
PLUMBERS. FARE P.UT'.
12 ;-"umters. na union $4 a day.
6 IKON MOLDEP.S.
S"ack colters; 2 varnish flnis&er*.
Gang trimmernjaa. fare t- «i0; $3O fcund.
well digger, und^rrstan.ls gas engine $+> id.
L*v»rmin. xasi;I;ne engine dredger. $73.
MITRRAY A READY, CA and G4 Clay st.
—LUMBER 5TNI>IC.\TE—
25 laborers, work en ruIroAds, t£0.
NEW JOBS.
Iw5 wo>5dci--o^5<srs.
&3YS— BOYS— BOY3.
23 boys or young nzen. tax factory, $33 fd.
FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC.
Handy man, slaaxhter-hous*. $2i> to $25 fd.
14 ctoniMi boys, s#« us. $15, $2<>, SUJ> f.L
2>5 general farra hands, steady Jobs. $30 fa.
BAKERS.
Foreman cak* taicer. $"^5 weei.
3 helpers. di^er»r.i tak-iri-a. 5-"0. $-25, tZZ fl.
DRAPERY.
ExT-eriscced draj-ery «ii*!naa, city.
BUTCHERS.
5 shieip butchers. $><).
4 kni*^ men, $2 75- 3 sausajre makers, $14.
COOKS.
15 cooks, different places, $20, $40. *&>. $70
BELL.'" ELEVATOR BOYS— BEDMAKER3.
6 dishwashers. difTere-nt plares. -$^i>. $3O fi.
Marr->i farmer Southern town. J3'> found.
TO EL-D-CO. TO-DAY.
53 trackmen, any labcrsr will do.
PR SO TO $73 OO
Wtoeeiwright, Nevada State. $»"0 f:-cnii.
. Man t3 lake contract cut lumber, b-oss her».
Strong hardy man with butcher knife, t- 3O.
Greek pcrter. sat<>:o, eountry. $25 f oend.
5 i.-cn tnclders. $-1 day and f-TUEd.
3 irc-a met&tr* helpers. $2 day and fo'iTi.!.
S^n pai- tsr. wagen. etc. . fare $1 25. $32 50.
MANAGER HERE.
• 12 hand miners, gocd =iw. $75 to $S2 50.
' BOX FACTORY.
2 cutoff ?a»y*rs. country. $73.
SCRAPER FOREMAN. $73.
NON-UNION* PMnCBEB— CTTT.
Stewari. Slovenian. tZt> and f-und.
¦ Pcrtugues* farm f crema n. $45 and fsund.
Keicer. city, carpet «ale. warehouse. $40.
. 3 painters, city, house wcrk. $3 day.
XEW P.AILROAD WORK.
loo LABOBESSIt $S<>.
MtrPJ».VT & P.EADY. «34-»!."6 Clay st.
SHI? CARPENTERS. '
. .12 shi carpenter*. $4 .ia".
lla.t-h-^r end «tick?r hands. ?^J Zi> day.
Card-er f :r cotton machine, 12 25 diy.
E^use mas, ctty. private family,. $20 fcund.
3 beys f">r city ttcrts. $4 .wiwit.
3 labcrsrs ta help carpenters, fars l'>c, $1 50
day.
EOSS HERE.
EockkeeDer Bar vine-yard. J2 33 day.
a. iSJfe A.?*?p€r tor vtTi^j^iTs. •^•vt ,c**-.-.
Clerk far store on viniyari. $30 fsend.
LOOK.
B.ry fcr sho* ' st;r«, $1 to $1 13 Sxr.
E!evat.:r toy, first -flirts city job. $5 we«"t fi.
Bsg^ry wa«h»r. city. $73.
' GOLD QTTAKTZ MINE.
' 23 bind =:i = J75 ta $.^2 5O.
MURRAY £ READ". •534--C8 Clay St.
E3SCPLOTES' RECtSTER CO..
2t» ICE.'.PAT ST.: PHONE BLACK 2440.
'2 block butchers. $1? week.
Butcher for pork rcctn. JTS week.
Butcher for countr? itlocki, $1? week.
• '2 urhcl-rterers. J."J SO Say.
' 2 'stcv^pLati; mo!-i-?r3. f"{ 50 day.
Elevator b->y. J'15 mocth.
Cleaner anl <yw, $1> week.
Operator on skirts. $4">.
Coor-er. trimmer, $21 week; city.
¦ 2 union waiters. ?14 -sreek.
Bushelman. $2 <iay.
First -claw drygrxdj salesman. "$20 week.
Silk s.tiesiiian. C* week.
. 2 Itrnch-wairers. zoc<l -K-agr^s-
Boy to learn trade. -S3 ¦w^eic ta start.
' Exi>er:er.c*d sh.:« cieri. $13
' Open <?vegi---g8.-7 to g. BRQWER, A CP.OS3Y.
AT E0RD -t SMITH'S. ~
Centra. :tcrs' Agent.«. 05 Third st.
3. tea.-n^ters. $2 tc- $2 23.
Company wcri; near city.
N-w : wcric. near city; Just- star-tins.
T-.i-Ts-e.-s K23
Sorape? taadem .-..' -..- — . .$*- 25
Plow holders-. .. $2 25
Laborers . . . I - / .$2 CO
. • . Fare 5c; leas Job.
¦ Lafe-rers. city. . . .-..•: $2 25
. Cbok. .small hotsl. $30 and Canad. fare lCc #
DP.T. aroois -sales-nAn. $23 ta $27 10 weelc;
caa ahc^t ctace.- $-T0 and fcund; •» zhip-
wr/.?hta: 2 miners. $2 day: dairmas, 'small
dairr. XZTi. and' f^und.: farcwrs. $30 and- found;
scr--w r:ner for mili. ?**> and found; cocks',
• waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT Jt CO..
•52S Sacmmenta st.
A MAN and wife fcr' an Institution: cccstry:
$^>; «i*» lady her-. MliS PLCNKETT. 423
Sutter «t_ rear PoweU.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE,. 25 Montgeniery, r. 12 —
¦ Colored waiter. $o2.
AN active ycTmr man, eirer:«nc«d ta IsiJIey
underwear an-I cor»-ts, ta tak? charts ef
departnjeijt. Apply . "WEINSTO'CK, LC3IN
6 CO., Grant ave. and Geary st.
WANTED — Str^ag man.' experienced ¦ with
tors*?, to driv-» truck; steady job: must have
eocd references. Apply Henry Cowell'
. Ume and Cement Co., 211 Dranina st,
TCOJO . men -^ver-rschere. copy letters beme
evenings: $!) GO -are«k.' . Send • addressed sn-
velcp-J for particulars. Manager Dept- S 12
bcx 141*,' Philadelphia, Pa.
.GOV"EHNM:ZNT pcf-'.ticr^— Call at.9C3 TTuMsw
Gate aye., room 7, ftjr free Information as
1 to positions, salaries. aj« •Ilm:ts, et'5.; day
• cr -evenings. _ •'.'ii'
TWO tnen to l«»m trade, references and $23
caj<h de'eosit re<iu:rod: w-ur»s to begin, wlth.
Call be:. S A=d . 10.- 2X2 Flr?t «t» . ¦ . .
GOOD, barber far Saturday. SI "Tocrta: st.
TWO union 'barbers' fir ' Saturday a-d Su-*-
day; cne strlcij. 40SU Sixth st.
i*S~"Ft.*L German; wiinehcise; tind bar: sta'»
age; references. Eox '1V2. Call' office.
"WANTED — A pap«=r hanger- and painter. F. H.
AB3E2?. # l^il Poli sr. - - -
WANTX-3 — Dow. Stal*s 1 and '3, Csica "-ouare'
Mariet. Powell st. " . • • .'
WAKTED^fA caa ta we'rk on farm. Apply at
11!> Tenth «t. bttw^aa 9 and 12 of clock. .
MEN ta taxe ciirw cf fcjstractioa tn d«ective
work. S&7 ll.Trket St.. rt;c-a 104.: •
DRIVER— Arply SUver Dollar Reaovatcrv
1047 McAllister sr. .
GOOD rayi.is 4-<calr fcariwr «h;-»; half cash
balance' -easy terms. H7 Sacramento st. .
WANTED — Yccpy maa who Is aa nperierieed
• dry gzvAa wrapper.' Apply between a and
11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.' '
WANTED — Cash beys aad delivery -boy* A--
ply cef.wy^i 3 and 11 a. a. at HALS BKOsl'
TAILOR?— A rnod tcshelmaa wanted fcr th#
ccuntry. ARNSTEIN: SIMON A CO Mar-
' fcet and Second sts.
"W ANTED — By 'wholesale- hxmxe. brlactit Irav to
make himself gea«rally useful aad deIi T -r
packages.. Address tcx 23.13, Call of5ce.
WANTEr> — An edacated gentle-nan witi r-o<t
knowledge of cyclopedia wcrk; $10CO c<r
year and benss. Ecx 2063. Call office.
WANTED — A ¦ man used to oatslda worlt and
well accraaiaxed la the city; salary. & o
¦ bcx 2^34.
¦WA>*TEDr-TCTi=s Eat with |75 fcr good pay.
tp.g business. Addreai box IZ0O, Call effice.
TWO g-Kxi. rarp«ater» .far finishing wcrk.' \p-
>"y t» ISO'Cslca st^ Alameda. . ;
SHOEMASE?. wanted. €3.1 . Howard st.
FOB «»Ier-€fee-'talf cf. socd. Baytar barber
¦acp.-. 122 Third st. • ¦¦-.--
LYONA HOAG.
11* MONTGOMERY 3TJ
XEW BLOCK SUBDIVICEX).
st3t *T '*xj> fcrastis» 03 I>evtsa<iera' Castr3L
Fburtsenta street Dcfejee ave.
Tie test and cieapoc lets tn Cm eXjr Car
PRICE »: fO ta S2Sf)0L *.-•-.
T«TC* 1-3 ca«a; balance 1. 2. i and 4 yaars.
Streets birumiaized : cewvrs UU; ao cth<?r
preperty la tie city wlta • -..j- ad-raaiag*»
fcr sale at soca sow prices; sptendU! sar-
rauaiinga; daraat views.; ciese ta *>ihcc»
and b-.-r 1 Vljta parks.
2» LOT3 ALRE.U>T SOLD.
Ten houses ef a saperior cUu bctw «=d*r
cccstmctioa: $<iae«» already sp-at oa tm-
proveniecta: a «pi<3d;i cppomai-y ta =**»
Eioney; values bound to tnerease; aa «xceil*si
location frr a bos:# it itrs.
SSS THSM T>>DAY.
Take Exlgh: st cars to Scort cr DerUad«r9;
wali twa shcrt block? 3outh. -
LTON t BQxa
Hi MONTGOMEP.Y ST.
I HAVE far sala 1 cr 4 lots Is. Point B-cnmo«al
fcr cajh: S273 eaca: s-.css sal* aa :.--«<>
ai£ sale; zr.rf* lets wall '. .-..- befcr* »-. x
the owner is ta pressing n«e<t cf
.'money aad Is disposing ot same a*, half
the^r value; within. 5. misuses of station;
3 .mteitas cf *i*ctrtc cars: l'> minsies fraai"
railroad ahopa and StaadaM Oil •.">.. w:rxs;
acth^ig ti beat it over there. Apply :.-lij
fcr fail partlcalars. " •¦
J. W. LAYMANCE. «£2 Marke-; st. rsota 1*
CXLT A WE'X LE*P7. "-'.' " r '.. "¦ .[
¦ $1 23 PES .WiElTV. ' . * - .'. •¦
¦ ' - ¦' . ¦ -NO- •' ¦* i *:**>*?.
CTwfcest lots ta tie Excelsior' Hjmestaad
Tra<?; ,tev«{ as a ¦fc^'iarl tah4«;- ca Kreet
grade; des* ta lla* scbocI: cot far. frcpf th»
M:-3. -re. electric cars; ¦: sectrrs- • «3» 'mm aa
tcvestssettt and by the time it Is paid far" re •
will hav« . denbted ta valua ta» .way.prlc«» '"
hav». i Ivxn :*d during th« past y«ar; Niy' ;'
•na» before prices beenme prohihltlr* ta t£i» ;
rapidly grawinc secticg. •¦...•
W. J. WHITE. • •¦ ' ¦ • " •• :
29 Mcatyacssery - st. t: ¦». PhgTa»:'Maia" S7TH.-'-.
$11"«>— CCR. Silver av# : aad Congics; eocta*» ; "
4 -»-¦»-¦ air. mast b« sc!d scoa. ' • ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦
$it»>— Cottage. 4 rsjsU; 229 2St*j- st.-. win'
Icaa$t2!» ca t!ris- place. . D. COTTVI Jk'
¦ CO.. 2£3 M^sica it., gear. Sfc- .'. -V ..' • .. ¦¦
$41CO rr TWO senny ;.- fiats; .'U. rcaar- 'cottar*. «< '•
4 rccma la rear; all la erst eiaas ordsr.
210 Vi;:»7 at." -'•-. .-•- .¦ - • ¦ •¦ -. ' ¦ -'. ' . --..
A FINE oou<lt=ar ttt»-; sear .Twenty-fifSS-i*:-;
staxicn;- ca Tal«aci» st; -soaXa ¦zS*t^ ¦ Sex
1340. Can oMc*." • : ¦'.' ,- .; '• , ; • ..: ' .-..- . .-.;¦'.- .;-.
A $2C«» HOME built to suit yrnit' let Ineladed.-- "
any loscaticn.. en" *r 25 per w»«k.. Mitqal. ;
¦ Home Bqlldiay Asaociaticg. 427 'Cpcaisley. bid.'.
ALL- work gnarantee-i first dm- by 'ah*^'
BACH AM-^TER. p'imbera. S2& -Howard it'.
CIvEAPrST. and best !n ' America-^Tna ' W««kiy. •
caJ. !•> pag-s. sent M any aldress 13 . tiw .
Ua-:t»d' States or Canada cee.year :far.tl.." .'.-'.
LOMTTA PXRX^-Oa T Uas'cf'.Saa-.Mareo'el^' .
trie cara; .43 nrtTratcs .fraa-Sta. and Mariret ¦
•ts. : ocuid* tne-'fc« belt aad JtcK . bey^tB* '
where- the- S. . P. Co.'s . bay--s!Sc*»- "eazaST. .
. will *oia th« mam ".:-* • second ny.'iliMa ' :
. nerw being -offered:. 5*- *ooe. lots Crsn S-kCO ip: ;•
terras, nrst tw>> jabdlvisiooa caly $i,t> Jj»l
and $10 a mocth; a«w«r aad water -'.prse*. t»-
frcnt cf every 1st; pur • arteaiaa W«U »4ter; ;
half the lots la snidivV.icn Na. 1 wer» »oicl
la. two weeks; aa ¦ exceptional ¦ ocpcrrsniry .".
t> sei-sre a Lot in this desirahlie- "sectlaB- ca
«ajy terms-; tak* ta« •lectrtc' car» 'and .r*t !
. eC at LQMITA PARK;' saps «n: ca a=p2-'
carica. ¦¦¦..- ¦ - : .- -•¦•¦-.
SEL3T. RODGEP^. A :CO.'.- " - •' ;
- - ~il. Miin gTX IH Califjraia st. .\ , ' ¦[ : ';¦
kjiai. 'E^&TE-'-coTrsrra.T*— re?.; s*i*.
CATTLE ranch. 173O acres. - SeaoaaC Cbdsxyi "
lying, west-, cf Skasgs Springs-: Goalaia" RIv«r.'
¦ rsis tiriurn ranca: ; 2s^ 'Teed. \ -scartertns ;
Umber •'»-*•¦* -. taa.aark . pieatirsl.-- nsJBerciiS.
iprlngsr-'S acres a fruii;-40la -graia: aot».' ¦
! -.; tarn, ccrrals. aaickea acoses. - etc:' gria<4
. tinCt stream and 4e#r. crentjfal:' 30OO.«cr<!»- ¦
•fescied; price of th« 173»> a«res> d«eitei5 landL '
$i2.Cfla. .P.M. HAyLON...lg».CrocS»»r- bid*,'
: • -.ATTENTION. .- HOTfSS2Trr*rEJtS ?.':•" ¦.'¦•
• ¦8*34 pc*M for' cata^egtses cf : tn* b*«t Iasd -'
Isar?airj,ta OMfiBttU..- -C...31.''WOOSTE3t''Oa.- :
.•W-SJarket'-it. ' ¦• .-'• .¦'¦' ' : [¦ \.\:' : -.V> '¦¦.•¦ ¦:'¦'¦' '\-.;''.
CHEAPEST and best !n; ; A=!eT'ca-^TV' ;Wt»*!y.
¦ -Call," l«'-pag«*i sent, -tb' any. address) -ta-. ta«r
. -Wad. States or Cara.-f.%ce- 'year fir C J ¦ •. *
-. :' .'..: C'JIt!HH5 H1CH iis.'-*' : ,-. •.-•¦.':
CH1CKE?" ¦ranch': •S-.acreainofcs*.'-; bari w?3«S—
• mlHi. t .'. ealckea- nesses.- brac«ier;- ,la<rBb«r?r i ..-
. 130 cfcicXeTss:. horse, wagsa, cct#. K&itZZOO..:
.a. ¦¦¦£>& RQgg. GiircT.- •'..-'."¦.. •¦':¦--' ; " ••¦ .-'.-•• .':-• ,-
¦ ¦ : pakm toe • -asarr . b» roa ' saj^e. . ; '.
¦TO .rettt— TneVRaw*as.i.'fArak-.'«»>'Wcrei good'
¦ ¦ 1*54. -weil- w***r9d asa .-fenced; 'a~io>°4£ h«a4.
' cf cows;- will sell or' rest;.' everything. r*r
,,- csir-d: to. ma a dairy farm.- -'.Apery ia-persoa •
t-> R. E. EO-fLA-NT?. Orinda Park. back>«C
•; " BerKetey. - . - ; : -- ..-• - - .:. •.-.- ••_. .-. '\- . • •
¦ • _. &SAI. ESTATE TO. ET fTTT iiaj- ;. '; |
. .'- FOR SALE Oa^EXCHANGk: '•'.: -. ' .-",
1JO-ACRX frslt raaca at Pcrtsrna*.- fa fan ~
' bearing; mc«tlypmae«. -»otn«. peaches.;. li acre* : .
alfalfa, splesdid- buildings..-, a*!.' Necessary -f *i! g '
" hcusea. drier aid trays. taCacr fatly .-•oalas^l-'
, f ar haadltag ta# crspr price S30C00O: w^i- sa*X
r ca "ea*y tertss or exchange fur. good" tMuy«H> .
ts Saa Francisco cr *>»*'.«•"*•; gaoitr«aMa» Car ¦
t«ci3^ .¦¦¦ ¦ : -'. : - •"• ¦-.; : ¦"• .¦• •'
• ' •." J. H. EI»O?*. SoU.AgraV. : ":- '.¦•¦.•
. •' ¦•-• .14 aad 13 BaeenntoeX- •¦¦•'.'¦:'-.
¦¦¦.;¦. ' Oaklaad. CaL. .'¦ •¦'-.--'':-/¦.¦
. " T.TfftJIT. mt'mff .' : .-- P ' '. . ¦-". .'
: TO •wlida tt cay ' coccera— I . Jwrsbr 'aoCry'-
yro that I tav«- pcrrSase*! tia ta'tvai. oe
O. TT.. CfaaOir as t5»» Feisca st.-. all :
*-¦::: j jLgainst th» sanse . must • 5« •• presaata& '
CT Ortober 4. 1304. JOHX M. KBAifctag.
¦ ' " ; ¦' AT.AnrrmJL SSAX XSTATE, '••••¦ '.-"•
FOR »a^-Fin« «-r»i3 ecttiigs; ¦-. aaar^y wra- .
piet*d: ice -SOxjea. .CaU -aal.-. sa* J£ at li»
1 .; Caiao' »«. % AJ«=»da.'- ¦.¦•¦.,.-.¦;?, '-..-•' -V •: ¦'¦ .-
A SNAP^Lars*- let: T- rscsssi'fratt: Jtii'mt.
centra!. - Se« OTrn*T- 21.. Spear -,'«L. S.'- .y.
1 .... . . » •
WtLL" lease, t*. reaccnsiil* peopi* qe£r. bcaatt*
i ful °hcsi«' iif 11 we*l limijiied rcosts: tare*
i ¦•• "grocaiis. S-utt traea.- staai*.'aad camax*-
I ' . noose; . v»ry reasosahlc; watar "&?«. Bas
[: 1544. CaE cf2ca. |". : •¦¦: • -• •. ¦ ¦ .: :
i ¦ . . . .;'.". '...¦•' . ¦ . '
FRIJITVALE ADT^PSMyrS
: • rsciTVAxs tbttaY.' grrATE.- : .
I HA"VYJ:a !<H 22x1*!. eectnr.:ceaticti..l» mia-
. .utes' vaQc froea 'local train. 1 biccS* frs*a
. caral tign aad <try;.I <raa bdM yoa a 4-rocr3
house, for IV'O 43wn. balanca oa easy' ceraa;
pa» 'e=iy traa • m. ,cl cisso**.
¦.•..-. • ¦ 1I2S Friirral* >"*-.
c.'V.j'i •"¦'¦ ' " X«ar Fccrt»€=ti st' . '
J.*T«>— : FX>CTl gocd . krfst ' SftxlSis.' typer "Fron-
va>; gently rolling; • good- pLic* for. boa*;
• ccCr CCO eaca. Oa*!a=<! Re*: EaUU Ag-ncy^
11C3 Wchater at.. Oaklaad. ..
OAKLAND ADYEE'FS'MTS
officIe*; lote BEb.iDWAr.
\ : '.' ¦ SFECIAL' BARCACC. ' '.:¦."
; READ '1THXS AX>." ¦ ¦ . -
f2Ty*. . ioT*iy. rocax*. : * ropes, cotsstauiy
¦ farsfsted. t=et»Iin« Ciaso x=d. tewt=x Ba-
cntee w«U lbca:-d. ex& '« asd Soatr gar-
dec Vtcl ptcpir*' &f'. c-laca ax efice; .owisr
¦ niae away. JI24 rnc» cut. at $273<> for
qnick sa>- TET ALPE2S CXX. I23a Brsad-
way. .Cmiiaad-; ._ ¦ ¦ ¦: •.•..:•"-
fZ^y 1 — XXAT ccttagr; 5 r«oica. «sd fcati: lot
tZxlCO; I t!oci""frctri C*lat33 Sirica.: Ea«t
¦' Oak'antl. Arpty rona g^. Chr7g;ci=' bctMlag.
' OV|-|ri'-*TfyT?gJlJ.VLlJLg ?O3 «*'-^
TO-MOKKO"V th» day for bargains la >aral-
tsre. H. Scaeiaaaj. 11th at., gcr .stare.f*»»»r^<_
ConiiaaeU on Pst£e' Fourma.
HmLP WA2TTSP— 3HAI.I-— Contfcined.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S 42» Bush st
Hsad ccck. aecend ccok, baiter $©>, $3ft. $30
Plain country actel .Boss here 10 o'clocjc
TTaiterK, rcrKrs, fceUlKTs, fcltc:t«a heia*
Xetr R. R. work ....Firs atout 11
Spiiers and Utcrsn $2 day
li> ti-tcr«e tsam3ters $40 found
Quartz miners, party here $3 day
C. R. HANSEN i CO 423 Bush st
! ANDRE'S Cflee. 317 Slocktcn st— Man aal
wite as waiters fcr tnstltutica, $3*> and £d.;
; cu and wife fcr crivate family, country
(as ccoiO; waiter, $f-5: reliable and steady
r.::i n 23 orderly in mll^g*, $ao and fd.; cock,
bcardins-hcuie, $•'0; etc.
WANTED— Young men between 23 and 33
years cf ags. who Is experienced in ccrre-
spenience and familiar with the dry goods
businasa; ftate ag<. experience and salary
ex;-«:tad. Apply box 13S3. Call offlce.
WANTED — Twenty cea and women, to leara
the fcajt*r traio: a. new method which en-
atles the stuileoi to earn wages, while he Is
learning: special rcgTyymeats this nxctrth-;
tcr carticuiars cali or address KAIGHT
BRANCH. 'M7 Cimmercia! st. S. F.
ilTN to beam barter trade; cniy eight weeks
reajllfeg: constant practice and expert In-
etructioB: ccaiti^n^ secured; special tnduce-
aenta this En-.:nrh; catalogue mailed fr»«.
M;i»r Systsci O:Il*se. S3i Clay st
ALL unemployed c!«rks. bookkeepers, mechan- I
Ics, skilled and unakiiled laborers, are invited- 1
ta reaister with us free cf ctarje. HOST)
6 SMITH. 05 Third st-. S. F.
WANTED — Lat<;rer; and mechanics to know-
that Ed RcLiin, Reno House ptDprietcr,
added IPO new rc«ms to the Denver Hau*e.
217 Third st- : 25*> rooas ; 25c to 50c per night
WANTED by wholesale cocae, bright bey for
sample room; state a?e and references tn
cwn handwriting. Bcx I7S3. Call office.
TRY our men's sh'jes. unlcn mode; $1 am* $1 30
pair; fx>t-fona shoes. J2 5O; ire pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exm. bid. ;ep«n till 9 p. m.
TWO jQTinz men at 731 Misaica st, to leara
the barber trade.
WANTED — Man tc 'do Janitor wcrk for his
tuition In S.F. Harfcer College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen fcr all parts <it
the world at HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st
M2N wanted at tZZ 3d st, where shces are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soies 10 mln.. 73c
LABOR datts ccllectad; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy..r.413.
SAILORS and j-ocng- nreti fgreen hands) far
•hips. HALLE ERT. 517 Jackson st
PENSION Atty.. E.A-Builis.r^APlielan bid?.
Past Ceo- G*c. E. Thomas Pest, G. A. R.
ADVERTI3EMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch efnee. cor. Duncan 4 Church sts.
WINCHESTER Ectel. 44 Third st. near Mar^
k«t — 7vX> rccrr.3; 35c night; rea.£±xg rooms;
free 'boa and iaggage ta and froca fsrry.
A I.I, sixes m*n*l saces, slightly damagsd. half
nice. "«3 iliss'.cn st. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
GET roar sh.-»s half-scl-ed while waiting; 23c
to 5Oc 5«C ir:j«:-:r. gt.. bet 1st and 2d stj.
C Airy ASS JTB3.
A GOOD canvasser fcr new prt>pcsiticn; sots-»-
thing gjo-t Ca:; after 3 p. a.. 413 Eleventh
st. Ooi'and
EO3S2-S A5D_WAQOHS.
FINE river tctt;m pastaraje; green feed year
round; near Elack Diamond. Centra Ccsta
County. Ksdcn Stables, 130 Stavenscn. S.F.
FOR sale — Bizsr hoeat, $40. Apply 1317 La-
gnna st
xOU!K**bocn> mar* f^r sale. Apply 911 37ti
st.. Oailand.
GOING cat cf bua:ne*»: new and secocd-haal
wasccs hU cheap. l»5S0 Mis*icn st. nz. 13ta.
AUCTION sale -if horses, wagena *r\A haraesj
ev«ry Wetiz^sday at II a. m. 327 Sixth Jt
WAGONETTES. surr»rs, baggies, wagons, har-
t.*«K wcrk and dmizg t-jrses. 15th- Valencia.
. *gOUS-S3 TOLST.
A — I=TIINTET> list cf houses to let; send for ctr-
CBfenr. G. H. ITMBSEN A CO.. 2O MontgoBMry.
ELEGANT, new, marera^hcua* *cf 3 rrom*.
bath, heating plant, electric lights, aU cred-
ere conveniences, large grounds and stable,
San llateo Park, near Buriinzame Station.
Box 2!>S£, CaU cf£ce.
ELEGANTLY ftimiahed. n«w mo«iern hoose of ;
7 rooca. bath, beating plant, el-ctric llgbts. i
ail modern conveniences, larye grounds and 1
stable. Sea Mateo Pari. near BurUngarn* |
Btatfcm. B*ix SCtS; Cali office.
1C0 Buchanan, cor. house. > r.. Vdr?. &zs yard
and view; new plumbing: $Z<J t^ good tenant.
CHH.I.PEST aad test ia AE*r::i — Th# Weekly
Call. 1?3 cages. s«ct ta any address tn the
.United States or Canada cn^ y»ar for $1.
HOXTSES TO "GET — bJBUaBAS.
TO rent, — Country heme; 10 rooms; bath, piano
and carriage; cheap tn right party; plenty
cf witer; ideal spot for pi^ultry. Call 725 I
Turk.
HOTTSES TO UlT—TV^SI^^rrp.
j 5 ROOMS completely fumish-d: snxall payment
down. Call. at 6X3 Commercial st.
SUNNY, modern. H>-room tous« and H-rC^m
fiat elearantiy fumi*iie<i. 4L> Oak st
EO*TARI>, 213I>, sear Elzhtecatn; ? ra<:tns,
cicely furnished;- Mission -s-arm belt; 1 to t
I -
SO USES ±'V KSZTHTyiZi — 7OS SAT.-ff ;
NEW tajrattomz '-rocs; iocw: lea;-i: low
,r?n:: iarralc: $?***> this week; executor.
. 3cx 137-?. CaU office.
; r __^ COTTAOES^TO_I.ZT.
COTTAGE. 5 n>HS3, bath. . ga<. yard : reascn-
• abie.- 1017 Lombard st. near Hyde.
[ I.OPTS TOU:?. ¦
ilXTH flan In cur building a: tSt^KSt Sfarkxt
st ; ai'so stocage rc<ni in ¦¦.nr wS!-,iasaie build-
.tnz. bet Stevenson and ieasi«» streeca. THE
WILEY B. ALLEN CO.
. T3r*TAIJ*D CHATTta.
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufactarers ot
Ea-E.es tricycle chair. 2013 Mkt. ;teLPark 775^
I.OST A3TD T0TJ2TD. .
LOST — Ba.n.'c .rassfcoek No. IZkW in name of
-MARY MACK tr". th? ilutu..! SaTmgs LV-in.v
of San Frajici.feo- Pleaa^ r»cufn ti> titar
banX Market and Keamy «*s, San Franclaco.;
reward. ilARY 3SACK.
JjySTZ— A pasabock-'witn the Kiberr.ia Savings
as 1 Lean of San 3 ranci3co tn the
rame cf WH.LIAM H.- FERGUSON No.
27b'-1373. The Under will pt-iaae return to
barsic. ' • • ¦ . ¦ -. ¦• ' .
LOST —^A pass, bcoic with the HiTsemia'. Sav-
. ings and Loan SccieCjr of , San Francisco" tn
th« .sarse .of MARY A. SWIFT.' No. 134-OX'
Finder wiii please- return' .to bank.-.
L1XE.F LVDIiiG MONEY. • ¦ : - - ¦ . " '
Selling ycur-cld ?cld and silver to 'the. Mod-
ern Watch Oi:e Fae&iry tc. toe nrade into new
¦ wacrh cases. ¦"O'-Suttjr at . 1 '•
LOST-^A U'iy's blacit" seal r*urs<»- at tennis
c;urt. Qwtornj Gats' P)».rk. .with najne on. 1
Find-.f r-rturn to t.?3A Bantaaa st.% Rwini. *
LOST— Spits pur. Z t=onthr> old; cr;Har. .red Tilt
• lining; rewarri. l^-t'> Haizht st '
LOST— -Gc-rion setter bitch. Return. tt> 1113
Miss'iiTQ «t z. rewirf. .
'LCST-— K-r^ at BtEttea K Frwtcffice. T.'edaes-
>iay afiezBOsa. Inquira at tils cfBeel "
LOST— Sausafltrv larVe len-.cn i white pointer
dcg;"-reward. F. W. KING. Waits Hcuse^S. 7.
L<?ST — Black and' tan fox terrier degr *"»tr
clipped oS back.; reward. Sll Howard «t
LOST — LteweUyn, setter:' answ»r» name Queea.
Finder pleasg retnra. to 231} Clara st ; r-ward.
cr iulttscxzs roa gfgg.
C A. McNETLL LAlTNCrH CO.. foot «r Oar
st: for pleasure aad busuiess; teL Busa 334.
J. Micha-lis- LancxJ».Co-.Cntoo-st"Waarr; bo«t-
tng A esnrslcc * J Steuart »t- 2886.
MATT2ESSSS A5B FI1LOW3.
TO nrder; renovated, disinfected (farmaldenyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.: phone Soata.n*.
aSZETXS &J&D W.IX 13 G. ¦
INCORPORATE year niinlng or bnsicess In-
terest*; it's iscre bisinesalike; 'many ad-
1 vantages: aak r» what tt costs; directorat*
secured; stcck solil; new ideas. A. F. HA-
RASZTHY. 322 Cnssley bldg.. S." FS . -
THE BOSTON PEOMOTIO.V AXD D*T*EL-
, PPMKNT-CO.. room 13, 33a Plae. st. wGI •»-
ecrrcrat* and Csaccs sropestttoB* of msrtt;
t-ys, leUa. £evtla$& and cperatea minea.". October, 190 1.
8. M. T. >V. T. F'. 5. Moon's Phases
: 2, _. ___ _i_ Jtf-Oct. 2.' ¦ ••
2 3 4 5 C 7 ' 8 X_ New Moon
— ~--r -— : j Wot. 8. •
0 10 11 12 13 14 15 Qr. "•
1» 17 IS 19 .20 21 22 < 2? t ;,Vj :
, ___ ___ ___ (~^\ Pull Moon,
£a 24 2S 28 27 28' 2» 24..
30 \ 3i •'. •( tUoet. ai. ' :
BALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Cal Wine Aisn 84 00
6 Giant Powder Con 63 75
800 Honokaa S Co 15 CO
20 Makawell 28 00
20 Makawell 2.8 25
20 Paauhau S P Co 15 t52«A
80 Paauhau S P Co 15 50
$10,000 Associated Oil Co 0s 71 Ort
$1,000 N P C R n 5s 105 25
$1,000 North Shore 5s 102 50
$17,000 S P of Arizona (1909) ..108 23
$35,000 S P of Arizona (1010) 100 25
Street—
5 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar.... 62 75
$3,000 Cal G & E gen m & ct 5s, b 3. SI 23
$4,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 120 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
130 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar.... C2 00
60 Honokaa S Co 15 23
CO Hutchinson S P Co 10 to
100 Oceanic S S Co (cash) 2 50
GO Oceanic S S Co 2 62U
5 Oceanic S S Co 3 CO'
15 Paauhau S P Co 15 C2U
15 S F Gas and Electric 6O 75'
10 Spring Valley Water Co "3512O
$1,000 Park & Ocean Ry 6s 114 75
Street —
10 Spring Valley Water Co 88 37 V4
$3,000 S V 4s (2d mtge) 100 60
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. ¦
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Bay C P C 6s. 90 — SPCR 4s.I0li;i02
B L Wat Cs.113 115Ji 8 P Co 4tis.i01».il0i!
Cal N W 5s. — 113 Sun T&T 6s. 113 *-
M C Wat fis.lOO — Do 5s 105*n — .
Ris I W 5b. — 105 Sutter-st 5s..lO4
S F Drdk 3s — — UR of SF 4s. JsSft S5U
SF & N'P 5s.lim — .. " Y *
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. :
Ala S Co...- 27 28*4 Lon & SF Bk 43 —
Am Biscuit. — 00 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mills 80 — Mills Ntl Bk. — .
Cal G&E Cor — 4S',4 Nev Nil Ilk-. 105 —
Cal Jock C1.110 "— JN S R- R..»» »t;
Cal PdrCo..lS0 145 NO P C'«. £ . »' 9U
Cal Ship Co. — 25 LOak Bk Sav. 120 •
Cal T I & T — 155 Oak t Con. . 75 —
Cen Bk Oak. — C5 IOOF Hall A*. 6*4 —
Chutes Co. . . 4 fl Orpheum Co. — 15*4
City & C Bk — 120 IP. C Cas Co. 125 '
Cyp Lwn 1m — ft\b Pa<? Srty Co. 105 ' —
¦East Djnm. — 875 Paraf Paint. 39 ~
t»uP Pdr pfd 75 85 S F Drydock. — C5
Do com... 30 37V4 SF&SJVCoal 17'4 20
FN Bk Oak. 120 — S J. Wat Co. 10.1% —
Fischer Thtr 10c 40c H.O&Tgbt C.125 —
Frnch-ABk.ipS — Sjvlss-A Bk.115 —
Gas Con As. — ! 21*4 Truckee Elec — 18VL
-Hono' I 1 Co. 24 — Ufl InCopfd 5« l i 57 '
Do (pool). — 2S Do com.... 12% ¦—
SALES. ...
- Morning ; Session.
¦ . Board— - • .. ¦ .
$5,000 U R R of S F 43............. 83 23
$15,000 U R R of S F 4s.. 85.12*4
Street—
: 60 U Ry-Inv Co pfd.. 66 SO
22 U Ry lnv Co pfd 87. 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
$9,000 U R R of S F 4s 83 12*4
Street—
60 Cal Gas and Elec Corp 49 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 41 44
Associated Trust Cert.;..... 19 21
Caribou -. 4 40 • . 4 fio
Claremont • 75 - . 80
Four .'. i. 4 ' ' 67 ¦ .68
Hanfordv.... 1 75' . 1 SO ¦
Home 1 S5 .'¦ ' 160
Imperial - ' JS 00
Independence ¦ 27' " ¦ 28'
Junction '. '-.' 03- 04
Kern, old 4 40-* 4 60
Kern River «;.", ,. .... ' 12.00'.
Lion , 01 - ....
Monte Cristo .... " >'•?> '
Occidental of 'W. Va . C5.
Oil City Petroleum 52 54
Reed Crude 1 50 .
Sovereign 33
Sterling 2 60 3 CO
Superior -. .... .- 09
Thirty-thrise * 23
Toltec ....¦ :.- 1 05 1 10
Twenty-eight 10 00 12 {H> • .
West Shore 1 95 ; 2.25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvement 1 35 1 60 .-
Chutes Company v. 6 25 .7 00-
Fischer's Theater 10 .30
Truckee Electric 10 00 . 11 75 • .
sales. y;-'-/ :¦:;¦-. '.:.:.- : ¦¦
. Mornlns Session. -' '
S000 Associated Bonds 70 60
Afternoon Session. • •
600 Junction . ' 03
Mining Stocks. .
tSAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. .
Following were the sales on the San Fran- '
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
n. Morning Session. : .
400 Andes 21 2C0» Mexican 128
' 500 Bullion 20 300 Mexican 120
100 Caledonia ... <">1 200 Ophlr .2 40
300 Chollar 20 200 Potosl ....... 17
WK) Con C & Va..l 40 200 Ravage 31
600 Crown Point. 15 200 Sierra Nevada 36
30O Exchequer . . 67 SCO Sierra Nevada 37
20O Gould & Cur. 23 700 Union Con...... 48
200 Kentuck 06
Afternoon Session. *M^^^***s
200 Andes 221 400 Mexican .....1 20
600 Chollar . . 1S| 100 Ophl r 2 25
200. Con C & Va. .1 351 500 Union Con.... 45
10» Justice 101 10O Utah 12
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. '
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ¦
1000 Brunswick .. C8|:»co Paymaster ... 04
1000 Columbia ... 25 2700 MacNamara . 33
lOOO Diamondfield. 4.J 1000 MacNamara . 36
2000 Goldfleld M.. 18 1000 Ton Belmont.. 60
1100 Goldfleld M.. 171 800 Ton . Belmont. • 62
REAL ESTATE. TRAXSACnOXS.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER, SO.
Joseph . Brandenstein et al. to Helena Stack :
(wife of Timothy J.), lot on S 'the of Vailejo
street, 135 E of Pierce. E 30 by S. 137:6; -$10. *.
•'California Title, Insurance and" Tru?t C6m-!
pany to. Mary G. Buckingham (wife of G- H.*>.'
•l? 1 *? 11^ llne of l: * 1 ' 0 * 1 street, 175 E-'of. Scott.
TJ 50 by N 137:6; also -undivided one--flfUi in
terest in -lot on NW corner, of Lombard -arid-
Goti&h streets, W. 105. by N 137:6.; $10.
i-ame to Mary C. Bowman, lot on N imV of
Union street. 126:9 E df 'Scott,, f 48:3 by I*
137:6r also- undivided, one-nfth interest' In
lot on N W corher of Lombard and ¦ Gough
streets, W.100 by N- 137:6: *1Q. .' "' " • •
•Lloyd Bowman to same, lot on- N -line' 6t
•Union street, 126:9 E. or Scott. B 143:3 br N
275: |10. . "¦¦-.•¦ -.= '--
Abblo R. and John H. 'MurcaTto Annie -E.
Gray (wife .of J.. Alfred"), -lot on E. linear
Ehrader street. 100 N of Frederick, .N 25 ; b'y.E
Lyd'ia -A. Mosebach to Josephlns Ott»rstedt.
lot on K line- of Guerrero -street, 21 -N of
Clinton Pnrk. N 21 by E 90; $10. • : •:-•
Max and Rcsle Heymann to John BlllerJ ldt
011 W line of Fclsom street, 155 S of Twen
tieth. S tiO by W 145; $10."
Florence I. and "Alice. L." Bond * to- Martin
O'Donnell. lot on E line of Harrison street. 150.
S of Twenty-fifth. S 25 by E -100; $10. . •
Dorothea M. Klumpke to Henry Felge,' .lot
on S line of Alvarade street,- 175 E of Guerrero
E 50 by S 114; ?10. . .
Constantlne Cass«r to Henry Casser, tot on
N line of Twenty-sixth street, 150 E of Church.
E 52 by N 114: |10. :
Franklin B. Worley tp Sydney H. Williams,
lot on S line of Twenty-seventh street, 101:10
E of Hoffman. E 50:11 by S 114; $10.
A. Aronson to Central Realty Company lot
on N line of O 1 Farrell street, 165 W of Mason.
W 55 by N 137:6; $10
Giobatta Podesta to Joseph Podesta. lot on
E line of Leavenworth street. 55 N of Clay.
X 25 by E 91:6 and lands adjacent subject to
lOr-ID. 154; $10.
Henry Dahl Jr. et al. to Arthur Mullan, lot
k on N line of Brannan street, 200:9 W of Sec
ond, W 26:3 by N 80: $10.
Sarah D. Hussey to Louisa Blake, lot on
NT line of Hampton place, 172:6 SE of Folaom
street, SE 20:6 by XE 55: $10.
James H. Wallace to John or John D. Mc-
Carthy, lot on NE line of Alice street. 100
BE of Folsom. SE 20 by NE 57:6; quit claim
deed 55.
. John or John D. McCarthy to Caroline' H.
Ballard lot on NE line of Alice street, 80 SE
of Folsom, SE 40 by NE 57:6; $10.
Ellen J. Hollman to same, same lot; $10.
J. F. Riley to Caroline J. Smyth (formerly
Caroline S. C. Jackson), lot on NW line of
Ti-hama street 262:6 SW of Fifth, SW 12:6 by
NW 7r.; $10.
Caroline J. Smyth (formerly S. C Jackson)
to J. F. Riley, lot on NW line of Tehama'
street, 250 SW of Fifth. SW 12:6 by NW 73;
?U>.
Lou W. McCrea (formerly Lou D. Whlppie)
and Marlon C. Whlpple to Delphln* L> Whlp
ple. lot on E line of Illinois street. 200 N'of
Twenty-second. N '2X1. E 143 8 'M. SW 73.
T/ 2<>. S 7.1. E 6. SW 30. W 05; $10.
Jeanne Sanders (wife of Henry) to Hertry
Banders, lot on W Jlne of Thirty -*stxth. avenue,.
200 N of A street, N £5 by W 120; gifj.. : ",
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
LALCo 6s'— — S P of C 6s
Do gtd Gs. — — (1905)Sr A.103%10**4
Do 6s 103^105 (1905)Sr B. — 107>4
LAP lem 5s. 101 105 (1900) 106*4107%
Mkt-st C 63.115 — (1912).* 116%117
Do con os. 113*4 — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll7^i — .
MV&MtT 5s. 105 — Do 8tmpd..l09%110
•N R of C es.lO<Hi — S P B R Cs. 133*4 —
Do Cs 119 — S V Wat 6s. 104% —
N P C R Bs.-105Vs — ¦ Do 4s 2dm.lOOJrslOOs;
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 Do 4s 3dm. 03 —
N C -P C 5sl — . m Do gmtg 4s 08% 99
N S R R 5s. — v 103 Stkn G&E 63 03 —
O GL&H 6s. — 110*4 U G & E 5s'.102% —
O W.gtd 5s. — 100
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 37% I Port Costa:.. — — •
Marin Go. . . — €0 | 8 V Wat Co. 33 — *.
GAS AND ELECTRiq.
Cent L, & P. 3% * |fi F G & E. 60% 61 .
•Mutual EL..— 12 Stkn G A E. »— 5*4
Pac L Co... 68% — |UG&BCo. — —
• " . INSURANCE. '
Pirem's Fnd. — 340 | ¦
BANK STOCKS'.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 Lon.- P & A. 160 — '
Anglo-Cal ..85 00 Mer Trust... 230 240.
Bank of Cal. 420 425 Merch Ex... 50 66%
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F National — ' —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A X..2330 — Sav & L So. — 100 .
Hum S & L. — — Sec Bar Bk. — 424
Mut Sav Bk — 100 Union T Co. . — —
S F Sav Un.615 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California '..195 200 -| Presidio — 41
Geary — 40 |
POWDER,
Giant 63% M I Vlgortt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62 — IMakaweli C. 28% 28%
Honokaa S C 15*4 15%i'Onom*a S C. 27% 28
Hutch SPC 9T4 — Paauhau S P 15% —
Kilauea S P — 4%|
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 127 128 Oceanic S Co 2% 8
Cal F C A. — 100 Pao Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. 84 84*4 Pac C Borax. 156 157%
MV&Mt Tra. 96 — | Pac ST4T.- 117
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
f 1000 Gi>Mflel.d M.. ¦ T6t i<00 Ton Belmont..' .63
; 600. Jumbo .::.•:. v-soi: .-.¦•" :.•".'.• :
I* • • '¦ -AfterntSpn Se'ssibn." . ' . . r
1QC0 Diamondfield:" 43| .100 Bed -Top •'••'• W
rx>0 Goldfleld- B. ; 1 C91 : 10O .Ton* Belmont- . 61
300 GoWfleld Mg. ' "iv; 125 Ton Gold M- 14
1 10O Goldfleia Mg; 7lf • 200 Tori/Gold M. t3
•2C0.Jumbo »..».. S0| J00 Ton of Nev.Sf 37*i
•22CO MacNaraara. . 33 f 500 Tda Midway.. .37
100 Red. Top ..,.• 171.- - * . ••
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS- : .
. '. FRIDAY; 'Sept. 30— 3 • p. .m. ':
•- Bi'd.Ask.*| • ':"'-'¦¦'¦ Bid. Ask.
Alpha ....... lti 171 Julia .......... 01» It
Alta ......U' 09 Injustice . * 1<» 12
Andes .;...;. 20- 21 KentUcK -t5 "06
Belcher ...... 32 34tLa<Jy Wash... 02" 01
Best &.Belch.l 10 1 20| Mexican' ...:. 1-15 1 20
BuOIon .. .?.;''. 25 'S6| Occidental ... 75 >0
Caledonia .... 59 . tillOphir '.;..*.« ..2 25 -2 30
Challenge Con. 2i v 22 'Overman ..... -19 20
Chollar -..;.. -1S : Y 19'Potosi ....>.. lrt' 17
Confidence .. 00 'SSl Scorpion ..... 05 07-
Con C & Va..l 30 1 35! Savage ....... 30 ' 31
Con Imperial. "01 C2|Scg Belcher... 11 - Vi
Con N- York. C5 C6| Sierra Nevada 34 8%
CrOwn Point. 13 15 Silver Hill.... 48 50
E Sierra Nev. 03 C6J St Louis — 10
Eureka Con.. — . 50 Syndicate ....". 03 C5
Exchequer .. 55 86 Union Con.... 45 48
Gould & Cur. 21 23 Utah 11 13
Hale & Norc. 56 CO Yellow Jacket 22 . 23
• • TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Adams Gold. 07 09 MacNamara . 35 38
Black Ants.. OS 12 Mizpah Ex ..07 —
Blue Bull 22 24 Mont Ton . ..1 85 t 90
Columbia ... 24 26 N Y Ton — 04
Diamondfield. 4-> — Paymaster ... — 04
Esperanza ... 01 02 Pine Grove. ..10 t—
Eula Con ..- 04 — Qulncy ...... 10 11
Gold Anchor. 15 • — Ray Exten .. — 08
Goldfleld B... — 00] Ray & O'Brien 07 10
Goldfleld Bull 10 — Ray Tonopah. 10 .*—
Goldfleld Nev 70 72i Red Top 17 18
Goldfleld M.. — 16 Rescue 11 12
Goldfleld SI1. 18 Ton Belmont.. 61 «2
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — | Ton & Cal .. " r- 20
Gold M C'on.. — 02; [Ton .' Exten ..1 "O —
Hannapah ... — 10| Ton & G W.. 02 —
Hannapah M. 10 —I Ton Gold M.. 14 15
Hazel Kirk .. — 12f-Ton Midway.. 38 3.8
Jim Butler .. — BO I Ton N Star. . 17 IS
-Jumbo v. -78 — Utopia- .......'. 10 —
Little Ton .. 28 —(.West' End IB. 17
Lucky'Tom .. — 151 . ,
Round Nineteen.
Both missed left, swings for the Jaw. Gans
swung left to the Jaw -and' blocked Wal-
Both came . up fresh and Walcott drove a
right to the body, for which he - received a
straight right and left to the face. They then
clinched. Walcott rushed .Gans to the ropes,
but the latter blocked Walcott'a leads cleverly;
They then .fought to the center of tho ring
without damage! Walcott finally , sent Gans'
head back with a right to the jaw. He at
tempted to follow his advantage, but Gans was
too clever . and stalled ¦ successfully. Walcott
again reached Gans' jaw with a straight right.
Gans suddenly shot out right and left, catch -
Ing Walcott on the point of. the Jaw.. . Walcott
fought back viciously but- his blows were wild.
Gans had the advantage, his blows being clean,
and left a telling impression on Walcott.
Round Eighteen.
Walcott missed a furious swing for the body
and they went to a clinch-. They were parted
by Referee Welch only, to fall into another
clinch. Both- then missed terrific swings for
tho Jaw. Once again they clinched and were
separated by the referee. Gans sent left to the
Jaw but Walcott In return found Gans' body
with right and left swings. Walcott received
a straight right to the Jaw and Gans followed
It with eeveral rights and lefts to the same
place, forcing Walcott to the ropex Walcott
slowed up and Gans sent in a straight rlgbt
to the- Jaw and then put a etlnglngr left to the
jaw and. a right swing to the body. Thess
blows dazed Walcott. who was quickly pulled
to his corner. It was Gans 1 round by a big
margin. . ; :.
Round Seventeen.
Walcott 6wun* at Gans' head and body with
right as they went to close quarters, but
Gans blocked his attempts with great clever
ness. Gans sent two lefts to the jaw, but
Walcott retaliated with two fearful blows
with right to the body and ¦ Gans clinched.
Walcott drove a straight right to the stomach
and Gans looked very much distressed. Ap
parently lve'was feigning, for he drove Wal
cott back with two rights and a» left to- the
jaw. Walcott was not to be denied, however,
dnd bombarded Gans' bcxty with right and
left pwlrtas. Suddenly Gans shot his risht
to the Jaw and followed it with a left to tht
same place.' The gong rang with both men
fighting fiercely. Walcott had much the bet
ter of the round, but Gans nearly . evened
matters toward the end. It was a" hard round
and Gans was apparently in distress at one
time. • • . -Jr,-' : -
Round Sixteen.
Gans missed two lefts for the head and then
planted his rieht hard on Walcott's body.
Walcott trird a right swing for the kidneys,
but it went around Gans' body. They went
to clcse Quarters and failed to inflict damage.
Gans chopped Walcott twice with lefts' to the
face and the latter countered with right
swing to the body. Gans Jabbed left to Jaw
and missed a hard right for the same place.
Gans was on tbe aggressive. Repeatedly he
kept after Walcott's Jaw and head with short
arm blow*, but they' had little If any effect
on Waleolt. Walcott besran to swing wildly,
but Gans eluded his efforts with ease. It was
another- tame round, with honors even; The
fight a« a whole at this stage seemed an
even thing. ' - . ' . • '
They fought ineffectually, at close quarters.
Gans finally hooked his Wt lightly to the
head and Walcott was wild with left and
right swings. Gans sent right and left to the
face nnd received in return a left ahd right
high on the body. Gans drove .his right to
the face and blocked efforts to counter by
Walcott. Gans sent a straight right to the
body and grazed Walcott's Jaw with' right
swing. Walcott whipped . his right over the
kidneys and followed it' with straight right to
the body. Gans sent .a straight right over
the eye with considerable force at 'the sound
of the- bell. Honors were even. It was a tame
round, both, men slowing up In -their pace.
It on ml Fifteen. .
Round Fourteen,
Walcott mln*ed two ¦ rithta for the kidneys
and they clinched. Wnlcott suddenly changed
his tactics and sent a right swine to the
head and missed a left hook for the body.
Walcott planted two terrific rights to the
body and then sent two right swings to tho
kldnoys. Gans, however, never wavered. A
clinch followed. Both missed rights for the
jaw and Gans Bent Walcott's head back with
a straight rieht and followed it with a right
¦uppercut to the Jaw. A left Jab caught Wal
cott on the faco and a raking right caugh.t
him on the Jaw before he could recover. They
kept pounding away at close quarters, but no
damage was inflicted. Walcott had a slight
led in this round. There was no lettirig.
up of the furious pace and the blowa still
had great force behind them.
Round Thirteen.
They missed rights for the Jaw and then ex
changed hard rights to the body. ! Gans cent
two lefts to the body and followed it with
right to the jaw. They fought mostly at close
range. Walcott mi?s«d a terrific left upper
cut for the jaw and Gans crossed with a
wicked left on Walcott's face. Walcott then
swung twice over the kidneys with his right.
The blows, however, had no apparent effect
on Gans, who did not budge an inch. Gans
took the aggresElve and received a terrific
right to the wind to which he replied with a
straight right to the face. Just before the
scund of the bell Gans sent a. straight right
to the body. Walcott again made a mistake
in his corner and had to be directed to his
own chair. Honors were comparatively even
in this round.
Gans was short with a left and a moment
later hooked his left to the face. Gans drove
a straight right high on the body and then
missed another for the same place and also
missed right and left swings for the jaw.
After some sparrlng\ Walcott swung right to
the kidneys twice and received in return a
straight right to the -face. Gans sent two
rights in succession to Walcott's mouth and
Walcott retaliated with his famous right kid
ney blow. Gans sent another straight right
to the face and then sent Walcott's head
back with a similar blow and followed It
with two straight lefts to the face. As Wal
cott essayed a right- kidney blow Gans mot
him with a terrific right on ahe face- that
sent Walcott back. Gans had tha advantage
of the round. Ills straight rights had great
fcree behind them, but did not appear to have
much effect on Walcott.
Round Twelve,
They <julckly rushed to a clinch without
damage. Both then missed lefts for the Jaw.
Malcott swung his. right around Gans' kid
neys. Gans, in a clinch, received a short-arm
right Jolt to the Jaw and another right swing
caught him over the kidneys. Gans sent two
straight rights to the jaw and a left under
the chin. Walcott countered with right to
the kidneys. Gans displayed great clever
ness in this round, blocking some vicious
blows. Walcott drove a right straight to the
body and as he tried another Gans caught
him on the face with a straight right. Wal
cott put all his force to a right and drove it
over Gana* heart, just as the bell rang. It
wa 3 a close round, with Walcott, if anything,
having a slight lead. Both men showed no
effects of the gruelling pace.
Round Eleven.
Round Ten.
Gans sent Walcott back to the ropes with a
straight, right t 0 Ihe Jaw and the latter retali
ated with a left awing to the stomach .and a
right around the kidneys. Walcott tried it
again, but Gans met him with a fearful right
flush on the Jaw that sent him back. Walcott
fought back, but Gans succeeded in reaohlng
his. jaw twice, once with a stinging right and
then with a left swing. They clinched. Wal
cott missed right swing for the jaw and Gans
uppercut him with right on tha face. They
mixed It. Gans having much the better of It,
landing several short-a'rm rights to the stom
ach. Gans took a big brace in this round and
his blows jarred Walcott considerably. It was
Gans round.
Round Eight.
Walcott was there again with his relentless
right for the kidneys. He followed it up with
a straight right t o -the body. They clinched
and in a mix Gans caught Walcott on the body
with a right and then planted a right to the
face and another right to the stomach. Wal
cott sent a straight left to the face and an
other attempt was bkicked. Walcott • hooked
Cans with right to the body and In a mix
Gans planted a hard short-arm right to the
stomach. Walcott then drove a fearful straignt
right over Gans: heart that again made the
Baltimore lad wince. A fierce mix followed,
Gans planting three terrific rights over Wal
co-tt's heart, forcing Walcott to close in tightly.
Walcott planted a straight right to the ribs at
the clang of the -bell. Walcott had a slight
advantage, in this round. .
Round Xine.
Round Serpn.
. Th*/ went into a 'clinch and then Gans
Jabbed his left to the face and 1 once to the'
stomach. They slowed up considerably.- Wal
cott missed a right for the kidneys and a
moment later his right went crashing into
Gans' kidneys. They then clinched repeatedly.
Walcott sent Gans back with a straight right to
the stomach and followed it with a right hook to
the kidneys. Walcott then sent his right three
times in quick succession to the kidneys. Gans
looked serious. However, he waded in and
caught Walcott with two straight rights on
the face and a left to the jaw. The gong rang
and Walcott went to the wrong corner by mis
take. The honors were even in this Tcrund'
Gans' face blows counteracting 'the effects <3f
Walcott's kidney wallops. . '.
the face end Walcott • missed right for" the
Jaw. Walcott once more ' swung right to the^
kldneys-and missed a right for the Jaw.. Gans*
Eeemed content. to take the defensive. Sud
denly. Gans shot his. right hard on the Jaw
and before Walcott realized it Gans emoth-*
ered him with a shower of rights and lefts
to tbe face. Walcott then changed his tac
tics, driving a crushing left over G*ns' heart.
They' were lo a clinch at the ' sound of the
Cons;. It was Walcott's round, although Gans
Inflicted considerable punishment on Walcott's
face and Jaw.
Walcott swung, wildly with right, but
missed two efforts. Gans was- very' cool and
tried to meet Walcott's rushes with straight
rights and lefts. Finally he caught Walcott
with- a terrific right to the jaw and followed
It with hard left to the mouth.. He cleverly
outboxed hla firing opponent and • sent - In
straight punches to the face that had plenty
of steam behind then% Walcott rushed In.
but was met. with a .straight right on the
jaw and a short left arm jolt to- the body.
Gans drove a straight left to the body as Wal
cott rushed in and by very clever work
evaded several vicious swings. The gong rang
and Referee Welch declared the contert a
draw. It was not well received, many in
clining to the belief that G'ans' superiority
in the closing rounds entitled him to the de
cision.
Round Twenty.*
cott's attempts to land. • Ga.ns- "contlhuled .to
outpoint WaJcott', landing with* straight rights
anii lefts on .the face and ¦ jaw 'and. . neatly
tyocklng . Walcott'a xbuntsrs. - They clinched
considerably and fought • in mix-ups.- Cans
! sent -in two fear/ul rights on Walcoit'a jaw,
almost flooring him. Walcott came back like
.a wild man. but Gans' followed- hja ' ad-vantqt:e
Vlth several • rakiner rights and. lefts to the
' face. .Gans again drove a ; BtraSght right : to.
the 'Jaw and Walcott .stood off and planted
a straight right on Garis' jaw "simultaneous
with the gbnff.. Gan*» outfought Walcott at
all stages, in this raund:. The first right he
sent to Walcott' s jaw nearly put Walcott
down, co great was the 'force of the- Impact,
• .. ¦ ••• . • ¦ ' • • .- • ¦• ¦ ¦¦• . . - - •
THE.' SAN:. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER- 1, -190^
Continued From Page U» Column 4.
: GJSNS-WJLCilTT "- '--FIJBHTs
14
• V*^f Hl)5v Tt»l'n«'l««]r«>tt«i.i»r»' it u-»
/y^^ 1^ &\ '• • *** riT * »t .".
U^^^im BAT-v PR ANCISCp. r
¦ -\^?>^M?X- •¦' : liy •"
.. . >I5" *y \ (Toot oT Market Street j' . ;
hath - MAIN UI^E. r Am.iV,"
¦ .700a Vsonttlle. ivi nter*. iin lixnny.. . .- .1 „ ' . 7 5Q9 .
- 7.00'A.B<snk-$a. Klmlraamt Sm-ramento..-. 7 ?0»
740a V«lleJ».. J»»pa, • CM!«ok». SssU : "
• • '. H»»». Martinez.. SMa Raraaa,....-, g.20»
•7-30a J» lies. Tracy. L»tarop.stocH-oa. "I;. . 7 23i»
• 8,00* Shnn'n Express— (Tl» Dart*).- . • .
• -.Wllllaml (for Bartlett Sprlt(s?>. ' ' ......
- • • Wlijoifs. 'tFrnro, : Iied ' DluS.- • ¦ • • ..
"'¦"-'¦¦ Portland. Tmcoma. Seatrle........ ' 750» ¦
f.CCA 'DftTis.VVoo^lacd. Kn.'uht. l^n-ilag. . .
MaryiTlll* . Ororllle .,.,.. 7,50*
>40a Port <,Mtt,' UarUnez. .Aatloch.: .'
; . -• Byron, Tracy. StocJcton; Nrew-.f . • •-
. man. Los lunos. Mendot>«. .. ,' • .
i Armona, Iiaatu.-J. Vli»ll«,.
PorterTlile .*:...; ' 4.23»
8-8CaPo« Coita, Modesto. Me.rced.: . .
' Ffeiao, Gosaen Juttctloa, Hao-
ford. VlialtA. KafcersfleU ...... 4.50»
' S.SffAKUci. San Jose. LlTermore. S:ocfe-- - .
-• ton. (f. Milton). lone. Sacrninento. • •
MarjrsrUle. Cnlco. Urtt Blntt .... 420»
1.30a Oafcdale. Chlnene. J»aiMtown. So-
nors, Tnoiaqune aa>l Anjeli ..... . 4.23»
• 00a i Atlantic Expr«>i»— Ost'len »nd E»»t. 5 20»
- 830a Btchmond. Martlacz sad Way
• Stations 8 5Q»
1000a Tbe Orerland Lfmlted — ORdea. . - .-.
Omaba. CQlcaso. J'f n ver. Kansas
1000A T^o^.^?! •:::::::;:;:::::::::: iliE:
10.00A Lot Anyeleii PasienRer — Port .
• ¦ • -. Costa, M«rt!ne«. Byron, Traey. :¦•_'.'
I Lathn>p.- -Rtocltton. Merced, - - - .
I - - Rajmoad. Fresno.- Got hen J use-'. ' ' : ¦'¦ ¦
¦ . tion,' llaoford. LenK>orn. Vlsalia, ¦ ¦
Baker'fleld. Los Anife:es'...v.... '; 7-2O
12.90m Raywsrd. Nil's and Tf.sj StatlOQ*. 3 23*
t1-00P5acrameatoRlTerStea:nirr>. :... MI,00»
3^CP Beblcta.. Wfo?er»» Sacratijentoi, . . '.
• ¦Woodland; Wljlow*. •¦ Knlirtti . .
Landing.- MaryMl'le. QrdTllle-. . ¦: -
• _ and way «ta^loi» ................ .10.60a
SJOp HitT.wani. N'tlm »niU'»r : 3ul!na»., . J 5Qi»
4,CCP4{.hrt:nez,3niiRao[len,Y«lteJo,Ksp'v " - ' ' .
. . • • Calls'ova. asntaRo**. .'..:.'..-* ... •••9-20*
4.0Qp"XJies. Trai?>% i>toclrtoni L«d| . ,i,-., ' • ?.2fl"» .
4.3CP»«yj*->M,. Ni>v IrrtnjCtOb, 8ah t : -t3-60*
_ -^ .Jote, tiT»nnore.-..-;-.;w...W,v. 1 H1.B0*
• OCpThe Owl- Wmttedr^-N^ewmaa. Los: '.' • ¦
'¦' ¦.: Baafts.' .M<-mIoia. Fresno. TuTafa, ':<'¦¦:"•-.:
' „¦ s : Bater»ffeld.Xd» Ang*Iea. .-., i.'.. 8.50^*
T5 30p nnvwnr<i.,Si:>».nn.) >»,n:\a«y ..... -7-29*
• 6.00» Hay ward. >«i:«s-aag 5*a J9»«. . .. ¦. :; ". «50A .
. 8.00P E»*tera Elnteti-^Oirtea. Otfani, ¦ Z- . , !
° , •' .. Calcaffo. DenT«r. K««» Otty. -.« . •'¦
¦ . ¦- :St.L»u|<, Via iUttlae?:. Stockton. »• • ¦'¦
\ --'.-• JS*crame;ato» Cb\ f»x>' ; Ueod.^ :,-;> .I12.E3» '
• ; •.OOP Vatle'io.jiaUy; except Sunda>.v..r ; ,«,.
. 7.CCP Vjiricjic/suudajf (mfy.'.-J.;-.., •.-.£' : ' * .V-
jiflPliitrhinond. t*«i» y*U\c<,Toti Costa. .'•'-•'..¦•-.
. - . ; ' ; Martl|p«x «nd StaUorrt.ij.... 11.20a.
¦ : I.OSpPoH Costa, ' Mwttnr*.. BJto'n; .1 ¦'•¦ - : : - 1
' «••, -.Tr»cjr,. ;• Lathrop.- 'Mfad-es-'to, ' -' - : '¦-..:
. . : ' tterced,- Qer.end»,. Frp»na -and.'- ' ¦^''
"< ¦ ¦¦' '. - Tf ay. Stations. BeyoB<t-Po*v C«ita :i2,2t»
' . »-OSP Tn»em1te Tt'.lty, Tfa Ber? n<ta. and : ¦¦:¦'.
- . ' "• ,Wawona'..\.,. .;.-.';'...^..'...i-^8.50*.
' •f-06PMart'neit.Ti r »<T;Stocij;oit .;../..¦ M0-20A
. S.06P Dre'gob « Calif drn'i* Hxpretp— Sa» ¦• .- •-.
• • .; . . .. -raiDeata, Maj-jr&rlile. Redding. '.': ¦':'¦¦" ¦
'-. • ' .. PprtUtfd.l'iffjet Snand wad East; - 5.53A
. "t-IOpBa/wtra. Joie(aor> '•:'¦¦ -. ••
• dayonlyv. ....,:.¦. L..;:..^.;...'. t1-B0»
- COAST LINE (JMtrro-r ttaugeji
:'¦--•¦:¦ : (Foot-of .Mtt.r^et Street.)- : : -,.. :- : -'::
¦7^4Ba Bantafroj Excurstrtn'(Siin«ta7QiiJ7) : 8-iO** •
" • ».16AKewarte.' A;ehterrille.. a»a Jo««i' •¦ •;¦"
: -, ¦" Telto'n.'tJouJiIerCrefi.BlffEMtn*- ¦¦- ¦. '.".-. .
. „ ' *. .Santa Croa tnd Way atattpni." r . • SB5|»
'tl-loA AlT»r»(to..'N'eir»rlt/_ai»'a' jose,-L'«» j ; : . "i »
• '¦¦ Qito-s.GIenwtood.Te.rtoh.Bouldcr -• .- ..
;'_ '^CreeIt,B1(r.Ba?lti-. S«nu Crnz:.;: v ».1O*
IZ.Iep-Xewaxk. . Ceaterrlllei . San Jose, ¦¦'.¦ •_. ¦ ¦ .
.". : . New AlraRdeo.L" 1 Oitto«.Fetton, .¦.'•¦;
¦. ¦ Boulder Creek, Sants. Crux and • ¦ '• "?
Principal Way Stations .... 4 ,... iO5«* '
¦ 4.16p Newark. Saa Joie. Los Gatos t5 55*
4.15P Wrtjrhr, -Bquidej Cre^t a^a. Sstna • .'
: - Cruz. SutuTdn'y and Suadaj. only. ¦- ft8 Q5»
COAST Lt-NE iBroa.l ».anM), : ;
*y flnlrd «nJ TCHTnitoJ Streets. >;'¦.''
'..6.10a San Jotetpd -Way'Stailohii.. ..-..-.. ;. 6 30» '
t7. 00a Ban J6»e and Way SUtloBs... ..'... ' 6-43T*
7.15a Moaterey and Saiit* Crui Excnr-'
-«« . •'on. (Sunday only>... .......;,/.; .-10.30*-
• 00a New AJmsdeh (Toei.i *>rtd- MlyV 4.10*
• 00a The Coaster— San- Jote. Salinas...- «
: San ' ArdDi ' I'a'o Uohles. -Santa " . ' , .
¦ ' . Margarita. 8>n Lu!» Oi)ispa.Sant» :¦
'¦ '» Barbara. '£oa' Buen»rentHrav - -"'
Montalvo, Oxnard, Barbank, Los ;. - ¦ •'
Angeles j .,...». ..•„... .'..•. .- 13.43*
I.OOA.GHroy,. lMJtuMr. Custrorllle. Del'
Monte, Pacific GroTe* Surf, Loin- •¦ ¦ - : '.
'. m .P 00 ,--- ••• -....- ,'..' 10-45i»
I. 00a Ban Jo»e. Tret Plnos.WatsonTUle, : • ¦ • "
. ' Capltola. Santa Cms. PaclSc ' .'¦'¦
Orore, Salinaa. 'San- Lais Oblap« '- ' ''¦'¦¦ ¦•''
in in = **? Prfnc 'P^ W »>' St«t!oor. — , 4-10»
10-SOa 6an Joan apd TVay StattoQs... . . 1.20P
11-20A8anta C!ara ; . *rn Joae. L01 Gatoa "' : -.
¦ and-WtySta.Uon»... -.........,.;. • 7-30»
i^Op 8»a Jose and WiyStattootl. ,...' 8 38a.
lJOOPI>t .Monte Kxpreis (except Rnn ? : ¦ .
day")— Santa Clarv Saa- Joae. ' ' ',
. •"¦ "Wat»Qn»fl!e. Sinta. Crux. T)rl ¦" •-. ¦ • ¦•
. • -¦ ¦ . : -Houte. Man-terry. Pac'.nc Grbre. tt4.tS» *
• •SOpBurltnsame. San.lo.e. Gllr-Sy. B<Jl- . ¦ .
! .-. ¦ lister. Tre»rtno«.PaJaro,\V-aUiK»'- • ' ¦'¦'¦-.
Tine. Cipitpi'a, §anu C;i'iz, Ca*r :.-'> '. \-
: trovtlle. Sallija*. J'aclflc GtoVe. .i • ID 411a-
•430p P»n Jo.<e tad Way Station*. :.'.;..-. *i B0a
• t5 OOP Santa Ci*r:». San Juae r Lus uatoa, ¦'¦ ¦'¦
¦ ¦ tTrlght tnt prlnctpii- War'SUf :-•¦• .. ¦';;'
1 J_ tlons (*ice*>t SundsT.)'. ;. .•.„.¦»-..- ¦ t900^
|53O*» StnJore*naPrtn«pHl\VayStatCofts 13 43 A
6 45p Sunset Expre**.— i:-e«lw<io<l_ S«a : ¦ ;
: . .- Jo*e.Giiror,-S-ailo»vPa»o-i;dl>4rai ;" : ; -:-- : .-
• Eaa Lirt» Ol>!iipo.- Santa Bartiara; •"¦ ¦'¦ '"
•' . : . Lot Ang«rie»..I>eaitnj?..-IitPaj<xv : . ••.•¦.•••¦'••
Ne\» ori»nc*. yew Tork .;>: . ¦ ¦•" :7'ijjm •
• S-4Sp Pijaro. tC'at<on.f1Ue. '. rapl-tola.- 1 t -„'»»
¦ ' ': - : '; S\at* • Crii*. Cattrbrftl»i. tft V tHr??*
:" ilont*'. fMtte OroV#i ..^../i tip.45*.
' t8-15p^anM«tetf,Eer»*iforJ.D«mioin.-6.-i»>- "• <: : : ¦:;
¦ . . .. •' Carton- l!fi!wwKl,.:r«tt •.<jriksL'---- : -'' t ••
. i-' . -**e»loPatk^V«JoAl'<qr,..:^-;,.. , t8;48V
6 30p 8an Jove, and War3U-Uona.:.-..-.-, i - « jb»
. ' BMP Palo Alto and Wa-j! Sution*..,.:;. 1fl-.«2
1.1 .SOP boutjiaaalrrsnclte*, ttmi^ae.-Bur- .: •
•; • ':' "im-tine. Ssa Miteo; Beiaioa^ .•¦••¦
. . • ¦' fian. Carl-os. Kedwttodv TalpOmltv "• ; -- •'
.- ¦ • ilenlo Pat'S. *nd paJoAltb-.. 1 ;^.. . : - t.4Sj»
«11-3OP'MaytteJd. Mboatatn Vleir. Sonar- ' -•"•-"¦-
•'¦ • • '.Tale, iawfeac^.- Santa Claraaad ."¦>'. ..V-3.
-- " .'• .:>aJpyi..,...,^; t^,. j; ;,^; w ;;;a^B
'¦"' :•• A.forM&rnln'B,:.- '.-¦.' B.fiar ; AfwrBoofc TT*;
T.SundftT excepted.- .' : -'. t Snndajr eniy • . •:, - : • ¦
•«B«tard*y paly. ¦.¦'-••-.¦ ••;• t> iXbadaJ'»nl«.-. : ' - ; - : 'i-. '
> iStypps-at;ajiiutto»a.e,t<ttaiU^ , - : T;.;.::';;;-
'_ Tlbnron Terryr. Toot cf . jffiriet . Str»«*. ' "
¦¦SAX TBAWCT3CO TO BAST ¦ BAP AE3*. ¦-¦
WEEK r>ATS— T:30. 8;«X fe:O0 ¦' liiO* '¦*:. aL,-
12:S3; 2:30.. 3:40. U:10. 5.X>. fl'.SO and U:M
-' .-p.-.- m. - .- ; '. r">, -. . ." ¦ i •¦.- ¦' ; - - .'.•¦;•• '-¦ .: •• v*
¦: Baturdays— ISxtra trfp at 1:30 p'.ol '¦'¦: : -"i^-.'
EUXDAS-S— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30,11:00 »...Bt. 1;8*,:
2:301 ?:40» O'lO; *:3^ 11:^0 T-.'sat . : : • ; :
BAN TIATAT.T. TO SAN PBA2TCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05, ' «:?O. ,?^2S. ; 7 iWJC » iVK
11 ; IS, aw nt. 15 : 3(5. . t2 :0O. 3 ;40. 8 :q«, B : 20.
6:25 p: nx. ¦•;¦¦'.¦-.¦ .•-¦-.¦"¦"¦¦'• -:.-''. .•-'".
eaturdaysr-^Extr»trli» at I:*5 V- : .d- -.' ' : ':
fiU.NDATS— «:C0. .7:35. i:20; .11 :» a. m.. 1;«.
ai4O.:4;flp, B:60. fi-.W. •«:?*.' -7:30 ; pi. nfc: '¦"¦• :
tgxeept .SatHrdayy. ¦• ¦; :.- ¦ -.-: ¦/¦•- :'.-:. •'-;•."•'¦' :
¦ LeaT» .¦ ¦ .1. ' : '. la Effect - "".- -I.- • Arttf. .- •¦'-..
: San- Fran. I. May l v 1904.- ' ; | .Ban »T*a. ;
-' We«tk I Stln- I - ¦¦ Dejittna- ..: ;} 8^4-
Pays. 1 days. ( /: ; ; laiyi (JpainaV .
. •¦ f 7:30a ' ¦• ' •.:•¦¦'.-' ¦ rti« : aL'Tr«5a :
. 7:30 a : 8:00 a . - tij-; i ' '• .; ' : «:«0-*F-8:4O a
: 8:00 a: 9:30 a .-- . ifBXfi^ ,' < IQiSffafffriSt);*
a : iop :sn.4p : : . ..'¦-,'• t;v>v\ tos>
;¦-•--.-',- ..-•.-' A' :.¦'..--'.¦¦-¦•.¦ ftS*M\?-"" '5 1
' 'v. : - -..- ,--•:- •;•'¦;¦;::.. ¦¦:-:;¦¦ ¦¦".-> »;45 pi -y..-.::'..
7;30a 7.*30a :.:-:'^ ¦ /7r43 : a I'M a - ;
. 8iOOa 8:00 a '. ¦ Nftr^toi ¦¦¦-¦. 10:20 a 10'.*W a
2::3dp B:i50 a ¦ '" -'"fetaltima .-.-' .-.- «i2».p -«:20rni-:
«:i0T>'2:30p :'..*»« .•;•.. V.2Z p -'7:23>; :
;' v"' ; f 6-lOp :-B»tnt»:ft— a: : 'S-ito p ' • ;. ¦ ' ¦
T:8'0 a 7:3O a ? = • ' ¦ • ' : ¦ U0:20;»> 10:20.*
- SdXia • S:0O a : - ' Fqltoa. • •' 7S5p ft: 20 a .
..g^top ; ..2:5o.'p|-;.-. -: •; -. ; : ; : *. -s^p jjaip-
.-•.'¦. , : '-' ••' -Windsor..-'... ¦¦ '/ : \' ;\- : -\<: :
¦ 7:S0a 7:30 a '. Healjsbttrg. 10:20 a'lO'.iO V
'.:.-: .:•..-¦ tytten.-- .'..'.'L ..:.''.
T:SO p . 2:30 p GeyspirUle. : 7:23 pf 7:23 » .
¦-¦'-. ".-;¦¦. . Cloyerdale. ."-.: ¦'•.•< | . '.'..'.¦¦'
: TiSOaL 7:3Oaj. -". Hopland • . -ilO:2b kfl6:20;» V
2:3O.p| 2-:30 p| and-X'klaa. - j TjJgipt'T:23. a. .
"¦ : J • • '.'I--'-" Wllltti. v -:,|/ ¦;•• f :-.:.¦-
. 7:30 af ; Tt^Omf Sherw(i«3U; \7^v)-1:2^p
$-:C0 al 8;0O a! Ounrne-vllle- arid JlO-.iO'aflOM a- •
¦ 2:30' p( 2:301- pltrama yaea.t.(on..| 8:4Jj>|;e:-20 » ¦
. 8:'ert ; a|- S:ClO'a •¦.:."•¦•¦ .:¦• " ..".. -8:'40-a 9:4O-'a-
¦ 5;li>p 9-.30-;» ¦ ' - Sonotna. .- . .- . .6:CO'p .«;*a9 ¦
, • g:lOp ' Clen El^n;. - J 9: iij, -^. ¦- :
?^•r^jOal . -••¦.:.". ,.'|10:20'a-:i0:2i>'»
.2:30 p| S:SOp| Bebastopqt. - ( t:23 pj. «:io j»-.; :
' -STAGES . connect, at 8anta • -Roa* /f »r ' Vi'tiitV
¦Sulphur Springs, and- Mark -West- SptlnW- a-t
Fulton -ter IXurlce's: Sanltarlmn;--at Liytton-' ft>F
Ly.tton Springa ;. at Ctoyaervtllt for' .Skarzs ¦'¦-¦
Sprjnita: at CioVerdal« for the Geysers. Boon*- ;
¦vllle «rjl..Cr<!''enwopd:-at. Hoptand- for -Duncaa-
SprlnsSi IllsJilana Sprlnffs, KelseyvJUe' Carls-
bad - Springs. Socta Bay.- Lakenorf.and Bartlett
. >prlngs;af.L'klah for Vlehjr 'Springs; Saratota
Spring* ¦'• Ulae- Lake*.- Li -jrH. .Dell-Lake. Wittar
SprliiS!i.-.Upper Lake. Pomo. • Potter -Valley
John . -'-Day'-s,. .HlyeralJe.'. Llerley'-s." Bftckne'.iaC
Sanhedrrn. Hi-tB6t:s;= Iluirxllle. ;Ori:a 'H'at
Springs. Halfway. Ilcuse." .Qortpti-Xe, .ICamb "•'
Stevens. -Hopkins.. Meurttx?rno CHy.- Fgrt- Brarjr :
>V>jtport.. --Csal; at tVIUitfV fpr.* toft- •Bj«x«';"-
Westpp"rt.. . Sherwood; Caihtp. 1 .Govelo *LajtO3-'
vllle. Oimmlria., Cell's Sprmgs. '.•flhrriftj- Olsen^
Dyer. Garb*rvllle. Pepperwood^ Scotia and Eu- '
relca. - " ; .'-'- ' •¦•..'.:¦.•'"-•¦:-• ¦¦-. : ¦'..:.--¦.
., Sattixdjy to. Monday round'trlp tickeU 'at t** '
du?ed rate*.- . .-..•.. ; :; • .... • .- „¦¦; . :.-.'.;.¦>
On Rundayjp— n.iupd : - trtpr- ticket* ta ail poisU
BeyoadSan R«Tael;at . halt .rat**,, .'-1 .. '^ -• -. -
T.cket. Of nce ; ttd , iiarket -«re»t;fCnrottJc:«
'EUililuitT- '" ¦-.--•¦¦ . •- ' • ; '. - -..¦' ¦;¦¦ ¦ ¦ .«¦-.;;
'•¦ JAa L. FP.AZ1ER. •..'.••¦'. tt *X IlTAJi: :
Gen. SIapag»r. -. G»n, Pass. -Art., '.
Weekly CjUI, $1; per Year^
RAILWAY TRilYEL. V -'. ";
§1 CALIFORNIA Ti
ptLlMITED TO CHICAGO^
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS H
gat to :.'{(! a. m. f throuffh In 3 &*7*t®l
trnvrtth diner- and all trapping*. . . ||
: . Other Santa Tm Trains! . ' ¦
Vln t S*V * or Stockton. Frerao, Bakersfleid,
8:00 p! m!'J-'. Merced. Hanfort and VlsaUa,- .
4:00 p. m. for Stockton:.'' ' • '»-.*.' -. • ¦ :
8:00 p, va. for Kansas. City. Grand Canydn-. and
-.'•'• Chicaso. . - ¦.'•¦ " ' '. : ¦ ••-.
TICKET OrPZCES— 641 jMaxiet Bt,' and
Terry Depot. S. X\ AI»o 1113 Broad-.
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 ' 3outa rirst- St,
. , San Jote. ¦¦•¦¦¦'¦'.¦. /*-.¦•.. , : . .•'•' .;.;' ;.".."
¦-— — — -^ ToS^RAFAEU:
rdssvalley;
mill valley,
CAZADERO, Btc.
¦".' Vlii SausaUtd Pjsrrr
SUBURBAN BERVICE. !3TAXOARX> : GAUGE.
' Depart from' Pan Franmcii,. .weet days, at
0^30. 1:lO. »;«. 8:30; ?: 15, 10:00; 11:00 a. V
iWAQ a. m. Bausallto only), 12:20, 1:43, 5:13.
4:00 4:y», 5:15. 5:50. 6;25, T:13.. 9:00 t»;20
11 : 35 p. m. Sundays and: lesaL holidays deDart
a; 7:10. 7:15. 8:30 9:13, 10:00. 11:00. 11:40
»7 m.. 12:20. 1:00 i:«. 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. 4:33
Sll6. fi:«0. «:». * :16 . 8:15. 0:0O. y l0i20'li:3i
.-*" Arrive' at-San Francisco, tmIc days «i;
7:00 ':35; 8:15. 8:45. tt:33. 10:2O. H:0» a „ '
12:05, 1:25, 2/:5O, -3:35. 4:20.. 6:05, 5:40 «li*
6:&5, 7.:S5.- 10:03, 11:25 p. m. On Sundays ami
legal hcllday9«xtta train* arrive at. 12:13. 2:0fr
b:50'p. m: -•¦-¦.. . ••' -.- •-. ¦ . . -.-•¦
Fairfax, weelc days.- depart at T:45 «. m '
'3:13 P. hi." On. Sundays and legal, holidays at
7:45. 9:15.10:00. 11:00 a- : en.. 12:20. 1:00. l':'43-
V ' "*¦-• THROUGH TRAILS.. -.' . •• '. -.
• 7:45 a'.-.m: dally — Cazad«fo ana way stations "
:-. 8:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes'
etc. : * ajDr^?*^!?"' . : • '¦ . ' .;.'•.•.
' 3:15 p. m. .dally except- Sunday— Tor Caza-
dero, etc. .'"'.'.:-. • ' . • .- '
8:15 p. to., Sundays only— For Cacadero,' etc-
TICKET OFFICE— 62S Market", st.
FEURT-rtlnlon Depot.'.' foot. of Market *t.- •
Mt. Taivi a lpa is Railway
. Leaf* Tla faiulif* Ferrj AniTe :
Ban Frandsco Vt* «f Hartet St. San Francisco
Weak 6mn- ."SflL auu- Week' t
... "....TFT30a 12:*5r* H:4»T;
10:00 a tfSSSSiEayf 2;05p*M : 05*
I0KK)a11:C0a V&asjJST 3:35 p 3:33 p
1:45 y 12:20 r \j«aS&y 6:40 r 6:J5i
• :1lr 1:4Bp X^Wr 6:15 p 10-.0»» •
:'.;...... 4:35 f . /4 8:50p ........
* Tla Crattty far. Y ft»il»»>»-U M13 Ttl'4i. '
Tickxt IC38 Makhxt Sx. (Korth Shore Kailroadi
Ornccs land Sacsaixto Fsmky. Toot UarfcttBl '
• '^^jSTiOBAOX: AirojJWAJRMOCTStS^^
j'A^-:MPOniV.M Storage & Van Cor.: furniture,-
I • hou«ih61d ;;twi.is ttored", movf-d; shipped. 723-
' - 731 Howard ft., .nr. Third; phene Grant 101.
CAPITAL .Van" atd- Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2041; JOHNF. COOPER, pres.-;
furniture moved, packed.- shipped and stored.
I PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
i I nee i'oi-t and Powell «j>. j *tel. Prl. Ex. C71.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
. dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phoiyg East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage;: advances made. .840
Mission St.; t»t. Howard 041.- F. W. Zehtu?*.
PACIFIC Storage and- Furniture Moving Com-
• pany. '2320 Flllmore st.*; -phone Jackson 281.
BEGINS Van "and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1M0. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWINO MACHINES AITD SUPPLIES.
JXJMKSTIC — The machine for family use; best .
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kird* rented lowest .rates. Domes-
tic office, lui-'l Market St., near Sixth.
THERE are ethers, but the White Is king of
all sewing machines:- visit the new retail
office cf the While Co. at 915 Market Bt.
t A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds. $.'!. $5. $8; guaranteed: wher* the
dolls swing jn the window. 1031 Market st.
SALE — Office of the Depot Quartermaster. 36
New Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
Sept. US. 1004. Sealed proposals,, in tripli-
cate, wjll be received at this office until
10 a. m.. October 25, 1904, and then opened,
• for the purchar.e of damaged Khaki Cloth- '
ing. viz. : 122,»)6U coats, 1'09,049 trousers,
fcot. 1112 trousers, mounted, samples of
which can be seen .at this a>pot. Further
information and blank proposals- will be fur-
nished, en application. ¦ Envelopes contaln-
jns ixropoEals should be marked, "Proposals
' for Khaki Clothing," to be opened Oct. 2«,
.1904. and addre?»ed.to Major C. A. DEVOL.
..<j. M., U. S. A., Depot Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cai.. September "28. 1904-^
Sealed " proposals, in triplicate, ' will be fe-
' -o»lvoil -here until 11 o'clock a, m., .October
- 2S, 1904. and 'then' opened for constructing
macadam roads, arid concrete sidewalks and
gutters at Fort Mlley, Cal. Government re-
serves the right to reject- or accept any or
• a!I bids in : whole or in part. Information'
" furnished on application -to WM. S. PAT-
• TEX, Assistant Quartermaster- General.
- Chief Qunrtermaster. • ¦
STTtJ^TEHINO^AIjrD STAWSECBIWO^
MELEOTJRKE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
¦ cures; e>tab. In S. F:"4 yrs. -Hours l.to 5 p. m.
MARIUAGF LICENSES.
• The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . ' ' "'':'¦'.
.! Morris L. Wclfsoho. 21. 1066 McAllister St..
and Kathrjn Gutsadt. 21. 1219 W r ebster st.
Ole Sundstrom. 41, Santa Rosa, and Clara
Bergstrom. 21, Minneapolis, Minn.
• Edwin W. Lowell, 35, Los Angeles, and Etta
Borrendame,'30. (Senton Harbor. Mich.
• • James , : L. Moy. 23, 7.9« Hayes street, and
Annie Block. 2i f 215A Valencia . street. '
• Oscar S. K.- Frohn, '-23. -143 West Mission St..
and Leonora C. Cnrrington.lS,' 14S West Mission.
- Charles Brqullfette,- SO, Long Beach, and
E. Maiilla Alien. 57, Denver, Colo.
¦ •Guy C. ' Grl&wold, 28, 227 Hayes etreet, and
Carrie L». Kimball. .20, Antloch.
' Percy Fowler. 34, 117 Sixth street, and Laura
A. Boyer. 30. 117 Sixth, street.
• Augusts Ajlemande, 23, Gia Pacific street,
.'and Rose.Nougufer,. 22; 2429'i Bryant street. .
MaTius A. Combatalade. 22, 1659 Twe-lfth
avenue .South, and Leontlne Fabre, 20, 348
. Fourth street. .
Ray McClfnton, 28, 2000 Sutter street, and
Edith M. Cook. 27. 2l30 .Stelner street. •
./ BIRTH'S— HARRIAGES— DEATHS-
! Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
•mail will not be Inserted. They .most be handed
in at either of the publication offices and. b*
indorsed with tbe name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the' same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
. BORN\
HAAS— In this city. September 24, 1004, to
. the wife ot M. II. Haas, a son.
SILVERBEhG— In this city. September 28.
'- 1JW4. to the wife of J. S; $llverbe.rg, a son.
TRESSELT— In Oakland. Cal., to the ,wire of
:H. E. Tresyelt, a. daughter.
MAIlIilEI).
KALLSTTSOM— HEINE— In this city. Septem-
ber iW, .1004,. by the -Rev'. Dr. E. Nelander,
pastor of the 'First ¦ English ' Lutheran
¦< v hurch*. ¦ Francis F. Kallstrom and Eda W..
j . . Heimv -both ,'of- : this city..'
.jiAMMOyDr-T-ALCOTT— In this city. Septem-
.. ber S. : l!»04; by the Rev; Bradford . Leavitt.
¦ ' John A; Hammond and Edna F.' Talcott.' both.
. .~ jjf San . Fra.neisco. ' . ' . . :
-. V : - ; ¦ " -V ¦••'" DIEP. : '¦¦.; • ' • '¦¦-
. ¦ >chiUe?, I>lind F. ', Ittner, Emil. •
-Adams.. Mark. Y. -Kelly-, HHda, .C.
. . James ' ' .'Kenney, '.Thomas :
' -. pockwondt. J"ul{us F. • Kincaid. T,Vm.-' R. •
. ' Bowien. Ann ¦ ¦ ¦ Littje, WHliam
• ' Chandl ; er. Adelaide '; • M^sruire. Thopia's.
/. :Oo.ver-, -Cliarlea ¦ .Mrtillnchey, Mary
; ' QrOweV Jarte S. •' '...Mehegan. I>anjel F. ¦
. " , .Cum«i.ing, Marion B:- -O'Brien, 'John. Thus.
¦ ' Davezfe*. Marie • '¦'. O'Heara, Alice
..''; K'\j»n^,"Nannlo' II. ' l^ommer, .-Mary-' H.
" ; : Heriry. '. • ¦ ¦ Hatnple, Mr*.- Delia . '
¦ -gander, Fred ' --Schmidt-, H, B. '.
-. ; Glunz"; Elizabeth -. : .. Pofari-. F«ink :
; : llaar,' -Anna' '. : - Trevoy, Nellie S,
¦ ' aienderson.-'Arin: &. : " Von.. Pein.' : Hans HJ.
: Hood. Miry;. • . . - . Ttalte, Frederick " C.
. "Sluexne. L. E.P. - W-all. 'Margaret
AcillLLEfi-l-In-this city.' EfptejnWr.29;'. l!)04 r
Leland F,; .b*-lpyed son .ojr. Thomas "F-. and
¦ VLenora May Aclillles, .a native of Sin-Frari-
-. cicco.' a.gid 13 years 9"_ months and' 12 days.
•-' : |C3rJ*rl'eTi<Js and. acquaintances .ire 'reifReet-
•¦ fully • ravKed to. attenil the o luneral '-to-day:
. .'; tSaturdiy), ajt'lO a. m., from 111* .late reel.-
• ' dence,. : J4"i .Hancock; street; Interment Cy-
• press '.Lawn Cemetery. -. ' :. ' . •
ADAMS'— In 'this city, -^ritember • 2S". 1004,'
• ,^l:ir"k Terlll-' Adam's, husband. Of. Grace
.Adami, and Tathe'r-of Mrs. L'.zzle'Chlnn and'
, --Charles^ Mark and Elmer "Adams. ¦ a native-
-.of Kr.cl'arid; ag;«d. til' ye.ars - months and. 22'
.. .days. tYirg'irila City, ; Nev.-; -.ptfpers. please
•." ¦ .Ccr>.) " • ' ;..:.;• ; . ' '
.' •. C3TF.rlen<"i as.d acquaintances, are respectr
-.'fully lnvfted to attend;, the : funeral to-day
•' (Saturday), at "2 p..' m. r fpom the Masonic
¦ ' Temple.- conjt'r Posfand Montgomery etreets,
"under, the ausnloes- of Occidental .Lodge No<
• "-22J: F. and A. . M. .Please omit flowers.,
-AlTKI^^PN — ln -Alausjedi. Cal.; September • SO,
' .-1904. .James- Atkinson, at the home of his
"({aiightcr, Mrs..' Jane A: .Everets, .2003 Santa
..-•Clara avenue, a native of 'Ireland, aged 09'
•j : ears. • '' • -. • ' •
¦ . C7Thft funeral will take place to-morrow
. (Sunday), -at 2 o'clock, p. m.. from Masonld
. Tempi*. San. Francisco, .'under the auspices
•:'..-. of I'aclflc Lodge' No. 136. -F.' and A. M. -. '
BOCKWORDT—In- this I city, September -29.
¦ "19<H. Julius Ered Bockwordi,- beloved brother
¦..'•¦• of Mrs. Elizabeth Buheen; a native- of
¦ 'Tzehoe, • Holstein,- Germany.- A ; taenj.bcr- of
,. Kald Eagle Ttlhe No. 75, Imp. Oi"R. M.; Po-
• ' cahonta's' Degree No. .3; Court Eclipse No.
'¦• .14;- F. • of A., and ' Plle.r Drivers' ¦ Union, Lo-
¦ cal 771 -. •'* • . . .
CT-FrJends and acquaintances "are respect-
¦ . fully iny-Jted to' attetid ihe funeral to-morrow
-<S«iday), at 2" p.- m., -from the Red Men's
'••Hall, Golden Gate -avenue, between lieav-
' enworth-and H>;de streets. Interment Mount
. . Olivet . Cemetery, via electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BOWEN— :in • thU city, ' September 27. 1904;
Ann Bowen. beloved wife of William M.
Bowen, a native of Newport, R..8. O. Pem.,
Walts. ac«'l- US years t> months and 7 days.
CLTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the fyneral : to-day (Saturday), at
•11 a. m., from the funeral parlors of Bunker
& Lunt, 2CGG Mission street, between
Twenty-6«scond and l*wenty- third (Mission.
Masontc Temple). Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
. KiElitcenth and Guerrero streets.
CHANDLER — In' MarysvlHe, Seotember 23,
l'.)C4. Adelaide Chandler, dearly beloved wife
of Harry A. Chandler, and daughter of An-
drew and Mary Bccber of Sparta, Ore., a
. native of New York, aged 22 years G months
end 2 days.
-¦ in7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
: tend the funeral services to-day (Satur-
day), at 2 p.- m.; at tbe parlors of Craig.
Cocbran * Co.. 420 Golden Gate avenue, be--
• tueen Polk and Larkin -streets. Interment
Holy Crcfs Ometery. by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth- and Guerreros atreets. .
CLOVER— In the City and County Hospital
September 29. 1004. Charlee Clover, aged CO
years. ••
CROWE— In thi« city, ' September 30 10O4
Jane S. Crowe entered into rest at the resi-
dence Qf her eon, Eugene M. 'Crowe 1"53
Bush street, a native of New York. aged*7"
years and 6 months.
(CT Funeral and interment private.
CUMMlNG-rin this city. SeDtember 2S. 1004.
. Marlon Bain. Cummlne, widow of the late
George Cummin*, and mother of David
George M.. Jo-ech M.. Jean, Marlon an J
Blanche Cumtninc. a. native of Glasgow
• Scotland, aged 70 years.
tnr Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral services
Saturday. October 1. af 1 p. m., at her late
residence, 20 Fell strfeet. Members of the
Association of Pioneer • Women of California
. are invited to attend the cervices. Interment
private. Pleasfe omit flowers. . .
' DAVEZIES — In .this city. September 29, 1904.
James McGlcn. Henry Hansea.
JAMES. McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st. Tel South 576.
¦:¦¦:'.:¦ EOOKS rOB JCOU'SI—rEEPIirJfi. ':.
y' "FELLr^2R^*fcwIy^furnished li'droCm.'-Uit-clvtn;
} sink, bath- and gas; hot- y.ateft'$2ti-' ' . ' •'
;'. ttSART, -I— S-SrCnwnlfteiy 'furhlphed ¦ sunny-
/: ftuhe Vt-r' ¦-¦h i pbs»kp.ei>liiK; jizs ranE*: "prlyiit-
: ;.-/ .'-bath:.; 'marine 'vi^w; .rent S'M. To\. -lIy<V? 150a.
!Cj:N*1XSv« >RTH. -V'pr.". "iuih and PpTi-ell-^Three-
¦ .. . room sun-ny;a5ia«mcnts; -»tcam heat ;'.cen loc. .
KNICKERBOCKER Aijattmcr.ts. l"40- Pine —
-."V '. -ficpny ¦furnfs'hpd '3-room. suites; steam heat-
;"¦'«•(}.¦ .electric ligSitcd: frce-.taths;-. rates reas.
'•: '-iJESKJB : J323— Sunny' r^rm " furnished- house-
",:¦ Ictepirlg; «a<s -rar.ee. 'gink.' $.'{ week ;¦; Qth-rs.
¦ ' L.UH'NA, ES07. corner Gea.ry— Elegant slifiny
,-; : rooms ;• bath; phone; new; reasonable. "
[-.'¦' MAYBELLE, £02' C rev*, comer. Van " Nesi—
¦ ' ¦ 6-jnny fur. 3-rocm Vail Ness suite; gas, bath
I'-- OAK 117— Complete for Kousekpeplng, $S. to
: -;'- ;?12: gas range ;• hot bath; adiiifs.
:I;AL'SCH; 85. bet.. 7th and Sth— 2 of- 3 rooms
'... complete for housekeeping ;..sink. yard, cheap.
' ST. JAMES, McAllister ar<i Leguna. near City
' : '¦¦'. Hall^A large .ccrner s.ultp; a!l complete " for
•;: ; . hpusekeoiilr.K, with kiijoininfc. kltcli?n for. $25;
: -. : f ree gas and -bath-; arro otlief' !»inny -suites;
':, • 'STEvljNSaN, 7S6, off 9th— Sunny bay-window
¦ -.,'•• front parlors, .cir.irc . room, . kitchen; reas.
¦ STOCKTON. 41-45— 2 cor.nw-tlr.g \ rooms; ga»
> ¦.= '.'-.¦ range, .-running water.. Phone. Black. 5291.
¦ /TEHAMA, 47fSi hear. Sixth— $12; 3 rooms com-
¦-V'. Pleti* for -hcuspj^erlng; no children.
1 HAYES, 115— MoCern apaxtBients; gas range.
.; ... •¦'¦ -runniiur •water, and -pnone..- .
ST. LOfiS- 1575 Jackson— Marine v|ew> 3-4-»j
,--,¦'¦'¦ room* ; f urn, cr ur.f ur: ; .refg. Te]v East 1350. ¦
•'•' :'¦• BOOMS TO LST— rnm. and TJnf urn.
: ':'• A^^RK^iwfcK^Houee, 14S SlxUi. st.— Rooms
i;.; 25o to $1 per r.ljiht, *i 2.*. to.fSper w«k fihd
.-; light.hpi'.M'keepifig rPonis-; <qya..a*J night. ; •
. AT "The Almonte";" 873 '.-.Market "et. (or.' No.' 1
;•;.¦¦-¦¦. Fifth. :*t;)—libonis. '.»«-, M:, $1, ii 50. night;
;;;':,¦ tl:6U to SVO Vefreii- liouse •opt.ti- all night'. . j
- EJiLMOND J-iouse,: over QwJ -dirttg EtonN 2'.«i- ;
: .- tranrjfs, .IH-G Market ind-21 Turk— Electric
¦• '•-' ¦ >:'-M jhjt; .'. rur.n.'.ng --water- in ever>' -room; 200
: \ : ;.-':rcpniM i -25c : t0: *JOc pernight; <l-25 : to $.? week.
//KDfH, ,011-^FurniSiied .room tor-sia'ele geaU'e-.-
;¦ ¦ ;.' --^an.:. !;'¦"-.-' -.- : .-•'.-¦'-•¦-. .'• . ¦ ¦ .' .- "/
: :CITy HALL PLACE. .2. near. Larkln^-Large
• ¦¦-¦; -' •;furnleh<ja >usiny "front roi'm, prfvate ..family.
'.'•': '¦Jg.ptfT. 210^rPHviLtf. 'elegant, «unny*slngle and
: .'- '":'•': double' rooms.; reai-'cnaJjler.fC tQ J14: .'
.; /ttRAND F0Bth*rn. 7lh and Mission — RoQms -35c I
;:.;x<>\il'25r4Siil: f 1- SO to f 6 wk. ; readlng-foooi. |
./GOLDEN .GATE/ ave.-. 525— i iSicelr furnished;
';:.'¦; ' .-.'canny : roptn;- ijirthlng v.ater.' ¦' • '-¦• •
¦ ; :HAT£S."j'3e,-cr)r.- Van .\i*s-Twij single eunny
:¦¦'; j.recnis;.-. suitable for ibents. (f<J. ••.¦.- . •
¦ HOWAP.;). ytn' T<TT» : sunny rooms '^.t low
¦ ;'-:'.- ;"¦'. .ratfr; 25c .to;^l' <3ay . and.tl-25 to $5.week.
. ;Hy\yA-RT\-' 737 : : .i-rrjlsni*lla; Al'c^ir euAn'y fur-
¦ •;;y.' ; .'...nUi'hi.d, r'6onj« frcm 51-r<0 up. Cal.l. ,'• ¦ •-.
.'¦: JONES. : 823.' .near • Bush— Supny : front' a'coVe :
:. .¦-¦-'• i- room, .cozy '.corner, >'2O.-' ... .'. ,'\ •';
. ' LAEK1E;.:;"— :Thr*e, furntsheiS •rooms; hou?e-
r .''~-. :k**ri.!rff'-or Islngle-. -. ¦• ; -. ¦ '..".% . .': ' '.. .- . .;
: \ vLlBERTT. | 504, - near ' Ca st ro-^-Modern, .! SAinay
¦'¦:'. ¦¦¦¦_¦¦; parlor f!oor; : bath; varm belt. ;:
;•^MARKL'T. ,.1'iHi ¦ tTlie . Falmouth)— Sunny .
;.'¦.:. roomp-;: h'ct ' cold -.water, •elevator.. ' ' .'.
:¦; -.-•;.- — ¦ ' -'.. ¦——: r : = 1-
vvilETP.OPOLITAN.Hotei, 123 Third .rL— TOO
'. ¦-;¦ . ¦ single and .family rooras 35c- to II '5O- per day.
¦'. V.:..*2 to IK per 'we^k: the only new and modern'
¦'.•I .-.J-.ojtel and rctcmingrhouse Jn Pan Francisco
.'.'¦!•. that has office on grpuijd flooii, ' *ipt and'.co!d.
.--¦.: watt-r. ; electric ilghtf=. cill bel.l». -steam heat
:'.;•¦-•;¦ In <every room and gives, free baths' and; eTe-
¦: '_/¦;• '. . vatoT fcervfee day : and night; to its guests.-
¦•!-..- -JJINNA, ;25S^-Kiirr.ished room*. .
', : : NATpMA. 4CO.V4— ~ connecting rooms; suitable
-.v ::-'.for 2er. 3 centleTnen: .. .- ¦• ; ' ¦' . ... ¦ -. - .' . :
.: -I'lNE Ft. T32— A fuilc of. 2 large. ' Funny
: - '•¦•. (rctii twlnf, with bath;-.jtuitable Xor'-dress-
'¦:;: : \ rr.alcfr.g or tallorlrii.- .': • .' ' . •¦ .*.-."'
. - P3NE. 1733. block from .Van. Xetsr- Nicely fur-
¦-.-;. nished ¦ mom; -bath ; phone; running water;
•V-;. reasonable. ¦¦'.'.• ...' '.:¦.'.
•POST, SSS^Large furnished room: running
•: : .;• "*:ater; for i or 2 tfents; reference*.' ¦'. ;.
•V ': -'JtOTAL HG*- T SE.12C Ellis— Incandescent lights:
'..'. :• . : neadi>v'-.room. v.s'm'dk'ing-rboni andlkdi-cs' -p^r- '
¦' ¦'¦¦' '¦'¦'¦'¦ I**.'. rvprtiK i*r niRht.' n.'.c t6 (l-SQ; week. t2 '
'• ¦';'•?;:. '.">. f§; month, $*; to $»;' elevator cn-'grouna
•.•.'.'.. ..flopr;- '-Toorfls: with • hot and epjd. .water; bath^.i
¦-.•.51 GTT. -¦'tZiV-i-.S'ix hah.lsorneiy. furnished rooms
';; : ;,-'. vlp 1ft fisr hDuypk-pe-ping; phone Fe41 tK>22. ' : i
'X;£EVENT^i. l«5^SSunny ' f roht . ro>5m.' .pu'itabi*
¦ ;;-¦:¦ tor \oae .or ..t«'o centlcinen;* y»aspnyljlg-/. ¦'- '. |
Oiv^tTTER, /jPiS^Thire *unny-. ¦ unrurn'ljUed
,: ~. -..'tooms ,aa^. ta'th;'- ienttre. tipper floors suitably
¦' ....for \ Jwufeltpfi'in'cV reasonable.' ':-,.••. ••¦"' '.;
: : ; THE ffT. KATJtRtN, CORNPR, Eli,IS. AND:
y:.:;':.^LEA VKN^-fjriT'J .st^:— I'O^lTl VPLY -tHE
; ; : '.-. 3iO.»M.S. IX. ;THE \71TY--. % XKV'.
•'.-. ¦ ;¦ Sanita uy Hair iiATTttti^Ks. ' baths.
'•;. KLtJirr.lar LKUITS. . -TELEPHONSJ • SfcR-
"1: • YJx;e.. HOT ..AN1> <~OLTJ WATEK-: EVEBJ •
:^.: MODERN ¦ ;«. 'ON VKXIRNrR'r"- ¦'• ELriVATCfR
: aijl HUt'RS; uc*oms i"R6j.r-j3 ji.dNTiu; "
-'¦'. ''THE ' LaTrtmoht. -SCI FUtter-rN-ew:'brit'k'.bl-iJg-.i
•¦.;:' finely f urni.fhM ; hoi. cr>ii '.-irat^f ,': steim heat^
':• ; ;..-..•¦. privilciBy t.j iHi.thy ; 43 to. jf> .we^k.-'. -- ' * .-: -'¦-
'¦:A ;x'Nrrt^> st a ti :?. i it aaay : -ifeu- irtrTroT-..ion
-;J.--'V->^xc'>'-;IlScilo'->Vntjfht.->V--'75..'to^C'*rei»lii 1 f'le\:-
¦*': : \ ¦trai'.Hgiiis jna ga.«».; •ru.n'n'ing' water .in : o've>y
¦<;. .'.'¦."¦rgpm.; tlt-y'ator,; r*ad:-tr>otn;tree lrv»;-fea6:gaBe. '
.V:X\'a1en"CIA. '732— tW riiV-ely • furnislie'd front
;-.:.; rooriis;- gas. range, •• f Old jrtg. jb^it . '.•.'.vv-"'-- •;. ' .. .
-".van • S'ESS -A.VE.. X.ir,^-To : Mi ein^re' ' fur- .
¦¦¦.;.' .v-V hi»*i*'d :r*Mn. -.';;:;•: '¦.¦¦...¦-¦ ; : :: '¦-•-¦;...¦¦- - -' •'.. :
V : -:;- Jij^d rooms,;- l.IOarid Vi- iji Hew:' Oat.; ' " ; -.
'./.V^lNCHE^TEit 'H.otd. ilZA st..'neA> ilarket—
-.., : '.;-3*ost convenient wvir^i^taUe;JOQ rooms;
.;.V : -;-3.'.r' i.o-Jl 00. -night; $2 to $.s; trtiM} ¦>l«vato>-
¦ .. ;-,•-:<">?. -11*Ws '¦;'¦ roa^inp-rorj. - frve-' biupr baegape.
V IVOLF irou««"V -cor. Pixtli ani J towird-^Choioa.
I ¦",.. r . ¦: ' -ffrn If h f d .-room « .from 15c jx"r niglrt-.'vp^-. •;•"-.:' •
.••¦': "A ' nRANCW: : cf flfeTpf '-.-Tfe^Ca-i l^yibit, .' rece'p- "!
;..V -v Uon: of.ad^-erttsmrtts *nd fubscrintkjns lias'
.'¦;,¦•¦ : hfftt ¦??**>*& ¦ at- l'^ -Market' 'St.' <.nj.Qstt-e
';¦;¦.;¦ ¦¦::-T\X**i. Open ..until. li-.p,; na:';-:_ ¦¦::¦¦/¦ -.=.¦¦..¦¦¦:¦:;' ¦
:.. ¦'¦ -"¦ :C»Tt t>r»Lorhotflx »». enf.lxxtnain iLod '<rkurch «ts.
'vy;. ¦;" ':[ : >-:.'/ BOOaiS AJ^^j^^'> ; ;I*:^^l:g.V
.'. OCTAVJA; ';-"l»25v '\-or-;. Sacra rn<-ntb— Orerjooking.
'.-' ; ;. Lafayette . fqu» rr; v oarfortatle' rboins' ; and
¦ ¦.'"¦;¦..•¦ eicellent. home •'bttard. 1 -'".- '. .¦¦'-.¦¦-' -.",¦•' •- '; •¦' -.-:
FRAXKUN, 20%— Single furnJmhea room.
:~ '. :.wlth or without, board-' •::.:'.•.';•¦ '¦ "".-.-'¦ ;"^T-.
.;. -ELLIS. 453— Nice Tiirnirli'd rooms; vUh'^aW-
-.y.-jf-lent French table beard;. rras:j .fine - location:.'.
. \HTDE. 50^- Nicely r-JrnlFhed "rooms -In' rood :
••¦•- .locatron;; reaBonab>; tvrth.'board. ..¦.' • •' ':-;•¦ '.
..- GERMAN' lady -would: like to board child and
; -., room -for father.- Box -•049. Call, orfloe; ; .-.¦.¦ "
¦¦-.-.. '.bcaTd;' rxniilrg xrater.: ; . : ¦...¦-•.'. "
•: .EDDf.' 112S,. 6rp. Jeff erpon Park— Fine f bra. '
• ] . : eunny rooms ; lab'e ~bc»r& ; reas. ; new jnar.ag.
/ -'.HOWARD; S4i A— First -class board and 'room.
- -flnc'e or double, »5-$.C wk. : American family.
-gte\-*nson Mansion, opp.. Grace 1 Church annex
£07 California— See., room*. Icarr. prices, try* table
• ' BOOMS A.HTD BOARD WAaTEn. '
WANTED-^Koora «nd .board for -trentleman la
• -private family of .adults; nalkinc distance
• •' of Market sf. Box 21.10. Call.
' gOOMS WANTri>. • " " . '
WANTED— By yours. tnbjrrltA couple 2 or 3
-. ccnr«-c-ting rooms including kitchen; 'must be
. nicely f^rniEhed .and north of Market- will
!•• permanent if' eatisfactoo'- Address box
TWO or 3 unfurnished or partly furnished fcx
2 adults. Bex K. Call branch. 300 Hayes rt.
. . .SOOM-EEHTO-G AOIUCY.
have you any rooms to let? If you have and
want, them rented quick telephone to Clay
¦"W or call at 117 Sutter it; furnished houses
of aU. kinds for Fair. • •
.-• '•-. -'ill: '..'OTOPj^DBnrxzjsTh .
CpARANTEED cure-: »>end SOc;-- tablet~7orm
.-^uaiJ.«l tr> .Dlain wackace; has cured ,hcu-
¦ ¦' .^ftndV. 1^. l..x:.<:O:. 41" Hayward bids.. S. V-.
. *^ TYPEWBITrBS 1 Ain> StTPPtlES.
'.¦' .AN-exceptional'y'eood No. 2 iSemingtonr No.l
,' .'¦ .^nilt li- pivmier. ' 4C5:' '.ptfaer. typewriters at
.•:.- niglior and lower 'prices: rentals J2 &0. The
'¦ ' Typewriter- Kxchanse. 5SG California et.
K-~M-jrANI> typewriters ¦bM. rented, "repaired.
' . Webster .Tyiwwriting' Ipfepcs. Co.. 508 Market.
•¦ 1,1'^^j'j^^^^VyAVl. -. '.••¦¦.'
' A WA ,y- to health ; mothers' and . daughters'
home -treatment; booklet free; write for it.
• VIA VI CO^ -Van'. Ness. . Thone East 2£i
: - Marie Daivcilc?, beloved-; sister of- Mrs.
:. - Augustine* Martin, and nlace of Mr. and Mrs.
. .Ttah- Carrdul. nnd "cousin "of Mr. • and.' Mrs.
N. Mqtttif. Mr. and Mrs. .E. Rous and Mr.
' ardlirs.. j. -Pejisson. a native of Aubin,
AVeyron, Frajice, used 40 years.
C?"FrJen<Ja and -acquaintances are respect-
• Cullj- inviteil to attend the funeral Sunday,
• October L\ -a't 12 :30 p. in., from the parlors
of Julius S. Godeau : 810 Van Ness avenue.
' thence- to French ' Church. (Notre Dame des
Victblres) for Bervic'es. • Interment ; . Holy
- Cross Cemeterj*. •
.EVANS— 7n this city. September 2S, 1904.
Nannie H.. beloved wife. of Evan C. Evans,
• a native of San- Francisco. Cal. '
lE7"Fu-neral cervices will be held 'from St.
. Paul's- Church at San Rafael, to-day (Sat-
urday), at 11 a. re. -Interment private.
FRIESE— In this city. SeDtember 2S. 1004,
Henry Friese. beloved husband of Elizabeth
Friese, and father of Henry Friese, a native
of Germany, aired 43 years. A member of
Progress Lodge No. '425, W. of the W.
¦ E?!FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-day
• (Saturday), at 3 p. m., from his late resi-
dence. Colma. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
GANDER:— In this city. September 30, 1904,
I Fred Gander, a native of Canton Obwalden,
Switzerland, aged' 40 years.
E7 Notice 'of funeral hereafter.
GLUNZ— In Oakland, Cal., September 29, 1904,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Christian Glunz,
and mother of John B.'. Albert and Charles
A. Glunz, Mrs. Anna Ltuhr and Mrs. Charles
Woodward, a native of Ohio, aged 67 years
7 months and 0 days.
tny Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 p. m., from her late resi-
dence, 032 Magnolia street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery,
HAAR— In Cazadero. September 27. 1904,
.Anna, beloved wife of Hermann Haar.'and
elster-in-!aw of Mrs. Anna C. "Witt, a na-
.tlve of Germany, aeed KJ years 11 months
and 13 days. (New York 'papers please
copy.)
CTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, October 2. at " p. m.. at the German
Lutheran. Zion's Church, corner Twelfth and
Myrtle streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In this city, September 30, 1004,
'at her residence. 2374 Pine street, Ann Eliza,
beloved wife of Frank Henderson, a native
of County Antrim. Ireland, aged 81 years.
tC7Funeral and interment private, Sun-
day. ' October 2. . ¦ •
HOOD — In San Jose, Cal.. September 16, 1804,
Mary, daughter of Mrs. Margaret- ahd th«
' late William Hood, aged 45 year*.
HUERNE — An anniversary requiem high mass
-will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late - L. K. Prosper Huerne at tho
• Church of Notre' Dame des Victoires,' Bush
. street, below Stockton, Saturday, October 1.
commencing at 9>:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to
; attend.-
ITTNER— In this city, ; September 30, 1904,
Emil Ittner. beloved eon of Paul E. and
Augusta Ittner, and beloved brother of Albert
and Alma Ittner, a native of San Francisco,
. aged 2 years 5 months and 9 days.
KELLY— In this city, September 80. 1904,
Hilda Catherine, beloved daughter of John
C. and Annie M. Kelly, and sister of John C.
Jr., Robert. Anita. Douglas, James and
Edward Kelly, a native of San Franci&co,
aged 2 years and 13 days. ' •
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., from the home of
her parents, 1708.1 street, between Eighteenth
Nineteenth avenues. Interment Cypress
' ¦ Lawn Cemetery; by carriage. •
KENNEY— In this city. September 27, 10O4,
Thomas, beloved husband of Katherlne
Kenney, and loving .father of Mrs. Harry
E. Fleming, Mrs. James H. Cain, Mrs.
Logan J. Waggoner and Thomas K., James
J. 4 Milton B. and Raymond P. Kenney. and
grandfather cf Grace Fleming and Florence
.Cain, a native of Haz?lwood. Minn., aged
52 years 4 months and 14 days.
E3"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday) at 2:30 p. m., from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 train.
KINCAID— In Oakland. Cal.. September 29.
¦ 1004, William Rodgers beloved husband of
Minnie Kincaid. father of Herbert B. Kin-
caid. and son of Mrs. L. D. Moore, a native ,
of New York, aged 58 years.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday afternoon, October 2. at 2:30 o'clock,
at the Union-Street Presbyterian Church,
• Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
LITTLE — In this city, September 20, *1904,
William, dearly beloved husband of Lena
Uttle. a native of Scotland, aged 53 years
and -4 days.
E7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 p. m., from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
etreets. . under the aueulces of King Solo-
mon's Lodge No. 200, F. and A. M. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemeterj'.
MAGUIRE— i n this city, September 30, 1904,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Mary ;
Magulre, devoted father of Frank, Melvin
and Edna Maguire. and brother of Mre. C.
¦ Freil, Mrs. F. Anderson and John, Edward,
Joseph and Frank Maguire, a native of Be-
nlcia. Cal. A member of San Francisco Coun-
cil No. .7. Young Men's Institute.
: |C?"Krl<?nds and acquaintances are- respect-
¦firily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:10 p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1 Dale place, off Golden Gate avenue,
between. Leavenworth and Hyde streets,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services
• -at 1 p. m.- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OfBcers and members of San Francisco
. Council No.- 7, Young Men's Institute,- are
.h'.rehy. notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Thomas Maguire, from the fam-
ily, residence,. No:. 7 Dale place; Sunday, Oc-
¦'tobej- 2, at 1 o'clock.. By order of
. . J. . W.. SHINKWIN, President.
GEORGE- M. KELLY, Secretary. ;
McGLIXGHEY— In ' this city, September 50.
• i»O4, . Mary. ', beloved wife . of Hugh Me-
• ;Glln<?hey-, and etster of Mrs. W. Calllns, Mrs.
'D. Fox and the late James'Brady, a native
' of" County Cavan, Ireland, aged 32 year3
»nd ?0 daya.
lilEHEGAX'— In' this city, September 30, 1004,
Danle) F., beloVed husband of Mary Mehe-
. ' gan. son of Hanora and the late ' Jeremiah
..Mehegan.- and-brother of Patrick J.. George
A.', and Robert E. Mehegan, Mrs. J. Doran.
Mrs. J. A. Donnelly,- Mrs. J. Laurex, and
.the late J.. J. Mehegan, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 35 years 0 months and 28 days.
fp r Frlehds and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to'. attend the funeral to-morrow
_ '(Sunday.), at '9:15 a. m., from his late resi-
rdence, 3iS First street, thence to St: Bren-
¦ dan's Ciiurch, .northeast' comer of Fremont
'and- Harrison sheets, ¦ where services will be
•• -held. • commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. In-
termpnt Holy Crow Cemetery, by carriage.
O'BRIEN— In. "this city,' September 30, 1904,
. John Thomas-, dearly beloved son of George
•and Annio O'Brien, and brother of George,
Charles and ' Norite O'Brien, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 6 months and 27 days.
O'ilEAttA — In this city, September 30. 1904,
".' Alice, beloved wife of Timothy O'Meara,
mother of Mary A.. Alice K., Roderick J.
and Elizabeth V. O'Meara, and sister of
Mary Mahoney of Boston and the late John
. Mahoney. a native of Batana, N. Y., aged
37 years.- (Boefton papers please copy.)
. ¦ fc^Notlee of: funeral hereafter. Remains
a the parlor* of J. C. O'Connor tt Co., 767
Mission street. ? ' ¦
POMMER— In this city, September 30, 1004,
• Mary Helen, wife of A. J. Pomnier, arid
.mother of A. R. Pomtner and Mrs.. George
E.; Alien, a native -of New Orleans, La.-, aged
CO years 1. month and 23 dayn-.
ICTRemalns will 'be .shipped to.Eacra-
" inehto. where sen-Ices will be held. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. •
SAMPLE— In thfs city, September 28, 1904,
Mrs. Delia- Sample, beloved wife of the late
. Samuel ¦ S. Sample, arid mother of Mrs
C. H, Dexter, aged 64. '.--..
SCHMIDT-T-In this city, September SO, 1904,
H. Bernard Schmidt,-, dearly beloved hus-
band of. K.itharlna Schmidt, beloved father
of Johanna Qulnlan, and grandfather of Carl
and Arnold IWnsohn, a native of Olden-'
• burg, Germany, aged 01 years 3 months and
I day. -
SOLARI— In this city, September 30, 1904,
Frank Solari, dearly, beloved son of G. and
Maria Solari, and brother of George and
Mirk Solari, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years 5 months and 6 days. '
TREVOY — In Oakland, Cal., September 29,
1904. Nellie S., beloved daughter of Mrs N
A. and the late David S. Trevoy, sister of
Mabel L., Mary L. and Edith Trevoy and
granddaughter of Mrs. M. A. Smith, a na-
tive of Alameda, aged 18 years 2 months and
II days.
VON PEIN— In this city. September 27, 1904,
Hans Henry von Peln, a native of Holsteln.
Germany, aged 74 years and. 9 days.
tC^Frlendc and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at U:.'JO a. m.. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery: .
WAITE — In this city. September 29, 1004 at
119 Vi Leavenworth street. Frederick C' be-
loved husband of Jessie V. Waite, and
father of Fred W. Waite and Mrs David
Cooper, a native of Maine, aged 77 years
1 month and 7 day*.
K7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ' funeral to-
morrow (Sunday), at 10:15 a, m.. from the
•• parlors of Pprter & White. 42.1 Golden Gato
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
via the 11:30 a, m. train from Third and
Towneend streets depot.
WALL — In this city, September 20,. 11)04,
Margaret, beloved wife of the late James
Wall aUd mother of Mary. Barth and Ed-
ward Wall. Mxs. James Pollock.' Mrs. Daniel
' Graham.^ Mrs. - M. Burns and > the late Mrs.
' E-llen Brodrlck. a native of . the parish of
Klnvara. County Galway. Ireland, aged tC!
years. ; - . '
CSTFriendii and acquaintances- are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at i» a. in., from the residence ot
her daughter. Mrs. M. Burns, • 128 Ca'stro
street, thence to the- Church of . the Moat
- Holy Redeemer, wher.e a requiem, mass' will
be celebrated for the repoee of her. eoul at
9:30 a, m. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.Exchange and Bullion.
New Tork Exchange has again advanced. 1
LOCAL. ./
Sterling Exchange, sixty days'... _ $4 84
Sterling Exchaage. sight _ 4 s«M
Sterling Exchange. cabUa _. _ 4 g 7^
New York Exchange, sight... _ 074
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce —• - 57%
Mexican Dollars 48 @ 47
" . INTERN ATIOXAU
New York on Mexico.... ....."..."..215^
Berlin on Londoa 20.38K
Paris on London ..25-17.i»
Wheat and Other Grains. •
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower. The
Argentine crop showed an Improvement in con
dition. ¦ _. . ¦ -
was" weak, with an unstable mar
ket Tb* Sb*i Francisco market for futures
touched $1 53V- ' the highest figure yet reached.
with trading fairly active. The cash grain
was firm and unchanged.
CASH WHEAT. *
California Club. $1 +0®l 50; California White
Australian. SI 85(31 62Vi: Northern Club. $1 40
61 50; Northern Biucstem. $1 57%©1 tJ2% per
ctl.
. ".FUTURES. . ,
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. ' ' High. Low. * Close.
December ..$1 62% $1 53& $X 62% $1 63%
• ' : ¦ - 2 p. ex. Session.
Open. Hlgn. Low. Close.
Though -the volume .ot btxsiness ..was- not"
particularly -heavy op . ta« : Bond..- Exchange*
the .' assortment ' waa large." aa wi:i; be. se«a.
by . the varied' I!s& below. . Transactions in
bonds were larger than" those- .la! . stocks..
Hawaiian Commercial, was lower- at- %',2 73 *
62. while Gas and Electric.decllnedto $60 75
aad Spring Valley Water to$2s 23. 'The min
ing stocks were fairiy a.ctlv.e. .with .Comstock*
lower on the day. • - -•" •¦ v.
The Best * Belcher Mtrrtng. Compiar" has
leviod aa> assessment, .of .-.10c and ta» . Etn.v
Petroleum Company one of 3'V; delinquest
October 2i i • " -."•.¦-"¦
The CallfornU Wine Association will pay s
regular monthly dividend of .'«!> cents per saar*
on October 10. ' • " ¦". -. - - -
The Mergeathaler Linotype Company paid a
regular, quarterly dividend of' 2*-i per " cent
yesterday. ' '.' -
The Westlng^ouae. Electric and Manufactur
ing Company has declared, a regular, quarterly
dividend of 24 per cent on the pseferred
assenting and non-assenting stock, payable Oc
tobar 1O. • ' . •
The San Francisco Gas and E>ctrie Com
pany paid a Tegujnr quarterly " div1.1#nd of
$1 S3 per share, amounting to $198,105. yes
terday.
STOCK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
" . FRIDAY. Sept. -30—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES ¦ BONDS.
Bid: Ask. I . . ' BM.Ask.
4s qr coup. .107 — | Inr ep n»w.m*il32Vi
4s qr reg..l'*.Hl f) 7 lte nr.eoup...lC3 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. * ".- "
Ala a W 5s] — — [CTCoCj.. .IW-; — I
A«tl Oil Ss- TO r- Do 3s. -.111 -.
Bay CPC 3a,l«l tC2 . I Do con .Is.. — Irs
Cal C G 5a. 1024 — -t-OeranVr S 3«. — C5 •
Cal O * E g f Om CaM. «».12» —
m * ct 5»- SlViiPa- G In 4s. S>3 W I
Tal-»t C 3s. 1124. t- !PE1« 5» KfS},
C C Wat 8.. - ! V A C H f».LM -
KJ LAP «*-121 1» !P. & O P. f\«. 11 4 4115
V * c" H fs. — ' — TPcweJl-^f '•*». — —
GeiTry'-»» 5a. CO . — -Sac E*OR S. OftH >_•
Do 5?.rr..XC1V. — r?I»rra Ry «».lll.i; —
Hon n T «s.H?7?i".— [3 V. nt A 6»
L\Elec3s.-— 19*. A MW»> -, .;.in«H — .
LARy5s.I17 -I (131«..>.-:.103H —
i Continued on Pase FourteeiL
.December ..SI 53li SI 53?i SI W4 $1 53%
BARLEY — Was firm, with a sale of chotce
Feed at the top quotation. "
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07461 124; new Brewing and
Shipping. .$1 1561 174; Chevalier $1 1740
1 224 per ctL . .
]. ' FUTURES."
Suasion » to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. . Low. Close.'
December . .SI 124 $1 12% $1 12H Jl 12^
2 p. m. Session. . - .
Open. High. - Low.' Close
December ..$1 124 $1 12S $1 124 tl 124
OATS — The market continues quiet and fea- ¦
tureless. with sufficient offerings.
T White. SI 37V4©1 55: Surprise. $1 50®l 60;
Red, 91 2S461 424 for feed and $1 40,21 SO
for seed: Black. $1 30©l 33 for feed and SI 50
Gl 70 Tfor seed. • •
CORN— The market continues inactive and 1
uninteresting, with the supply and demand 1
both light. * - . 1
Western sacked $1.40@l 45 for Yellow, $1 43 I
for White and SI 40©l 424 for Mixed-.Cali
fornia large Yellow. : SI 40©l 45: small round
do. $1 Mijl 62V4: \Vbi<e. nominal':' Egyptian.
$1 35S1 45 for White aad SI 23^1 30 for
•Brown. " ' ¦.¦•¦¦•
BYE— $1350140 per ctj • -. ' '. •
BUCKWHEAT— Nomlnaj at about $2. per ctl. •
• Flour- and Millstuffi, . . : .' *
.' The Flour situation is yfery.firin.all. ov.er the
country. .Portland reports- 'flour 'advanced =15 •
centsa barrel. .The Great' Northern, is rnaklng
preparations to handle' heavy flbuf -.shipments'
from Eastern Washington points to- ihe -East."
much of It going to the_ extreme' Atlantic- sear
board. .The Portland Flouricg Mills 'has an
order for 40 .cars of Eastern "Was>iimgtbn flour'
for Boston and the Centennial * Mills has ' aa '
order for 50 cars. About 2000. barrels have .-at, "
ready gone out. "¦- ¦
F1X)UR— California Family " Extras,- $4 $0®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7.0$5:
Ortgon and Washington Jobbing At. $4$4 50
per bbl. " . ¦ . . ~. ...
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Floarl $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal, %Z 73; Rica Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $2 50: extra, cream do. S3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 73; Oat. Groats, $4; Hominy.
$3. 60^3. 85; Buckwheat Flour,: $4; Cracked
Wheat. S3 50; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour,- $3 50; Rolled Oats bbls. $& 50@7 5Q; in
sacks. $4 25: Pearl Barley." $5; Split Peas.
boxes. S3 50: Green Peas. $5 50 per 100. lb*.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Although receipts of Hay were heavy again.
being 11S2 tons, including 102 cars, the market
was reported in better condition, <the feeling
being stronger and the demand improved.
Prices remained unchanged. There was noth-*
In? new in Feedstuffs.
BRAy- *20©21 per ton. .;.•_
MIDDLINGS— S24@2S per ton. V '
SHORTS— $20iQ21 per ton. • - £.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50®24 ptt
ton; Oilcake Meal at tbe mill. $31 50332 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22®23; Corn
•Meal. $30 50@31 50: Cracked Corn. $31@32;
Mixed Feed. $22@22 SO: Horse Beans. $30940
per ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAT — Wheat. $91i 13 60 with Jl+ftl » 5O for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. *S@13: Oat. $>K12;
Barley and Oat $S©11; Volunteer Wild Oat.
J0 50S3; stable. $7@3 50: stock. $5.50Q7;
Clover. $8^1i>; Alfalfa. $0^12 per ton.
STRAW— 60g50c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
..- Beans still remain about as before, business
being very quiet. The local trade eay that
from the reports they are now receiving from
the producing districts they believe that the
damage to the crop from the recent rains is
turning out less than previously .supposed,
owing to the hot. dry north .wind which- fol
lowed the storm and dried up the moisture.
Pinks, and small Whites are firm.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 15S2 50: Pea, $2 73B3;
Butters. $2 7563: small White. $2 €0@3;.
larse White. $2 15fc3 40: Pink. $2 50g2 »0:
Red $3 75®4: Lima. $3 70iff4: Red Kidneys.
$484 25: Black-yes. $2 25Q2 40 per ctl: Hors«
Beana. 81 8502 40. . •
SEEDS — Brown Mustard nominal; Yellow
Mustard S3 23; Flax, $1 90@2 25: Canary.. 0%
07c; Alfalfa. 13o; Rape. 146* *4c; Timo
thy 6Xc; Hemp. 3%@34c Per lb; Millet. 2£
ft34c: Broom Corn Seed. $20021 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— NHes. $2jJ2 25; new Greea
Peas. S2S2 25 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The' Potato market was overstocked with
river Burbanks. as fresh receipts were heavy
and most of Thursday's belated arrivals were
still on band. Trade waa quiet, as buyers were
operating cautiously in expectation of a drop
in 1 prices. Onions were in increased supply
and easier, whlla Sweet Potatoes were firm
at the recently advanced quotation.
The market for miscellaneous vegetables was
heavily eupplted and weak, with lower prices
ruling for most descriptions. Tomatoes were a
glut- and sales at the top quotation were rare.
30c per box being about the top for the gen
eral market.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 600
75c per ctl- Salinas Burbanks. $1109133 per
ctl: Early Rose, nominal: Garnet Chilis. 73© j
S5c: Sweet Potatoes. $1 20 per ctL !
ONIONS— $101 15 per ct!.
VEGETABLES' — Green . Gorn. 5Ce6$l per
sack or crate: String and Wax Beans. -24©4:j
p«r ib; Lima Beans. 3<*4c per lb: Tomatoes.. 20
64«~ per box; Summer Squash. SO&GOc p«r box; 1
Cabbase. 75c per. ctl: Carrots. 75c per sack;
Cucumbers, 4Cft50c- per box;- Pickle Cucum- '
bers. 50ctf$l 23 per box: OarMc. 4Hc per lb:
Egg Plant.' S5tf 50c per. bes ; Dried Peppers,,
nominal: Gre*n Okra. 35fi5Oc per box; Ureen
Peppers.' 33©50c per box; Marrowfat Squash."
(IS per ton. ' ¦ t
Money— • ! V B Steel 1SU,
C«I1 loans 24fi3'4L Do pfd. 73}/
Time loans 4 &"< [Wfst'house Com.. 83
Bonds— I Mining —
Atchl^on adj 4s.. »-»4i Adventure 3
Do 4s 1014!Alloues .."- 14%
Mexican Cen 4s.. C7^ ! Amalgamated .... 584
Railroads— Amer Zinc .".. 11T4
Atchlson ..". « JAtUntic I.14
Do pfd..~ I004!Bla*tiam ,. 2«4
Boston & AIbary..24SUICal«ynct & Hecla.52O
Bonton & Maine. .165 ICeateanial 27
Boston Elevated.. 153 ICopper Range 37Vi
Fltchbunr pfd....l37^lDaly West ...... 13%
Mexican Cen 13KlDcmlnlon Coal.... 57^4
W T N H * H..191 HI Franklin 8
Ver* Marqwtte.. 7* I Orancy • 3%
Union Pacific... MC2% Isle Royale 214
Miscellaneous — Mas* Mining 44
Am Anre Chcm.. 15 • Michigan 7
. Do P fd 76*4 Mohawk 4«4
Am- Pneu Tube. . .414 Mo^t Cr*l A .Coke 44"
Ainer Swgar l.tl^lOld Dominjon 18
Do pfd/ 132 I O»ceola- *\V,
Am Tel & Tel... lS» i ;i Parrot ."..... M4 j
Arr.^ Woolen • l4Mi-'Ouincy 91
Do pfd .-«¦ I Shannon 3%
Dorfinion I & S.. 12«4I Tamarack 113
K<1 Eire II'jjm....2374!Trinity. ZX,
General EJectric.1714' L" S. Mining...... 2F
Mass Eiectric 13 I V. fl . Oil. .. .; 11
Do pfd.." -5«miTjali 40T;
ilati Gi!< 42 f Victoria . .... 4
rnli-<1 Fruit AfO .tVl'lnoaa «4
Uri Fbo* Mach..'. r.2 TWelverine ,.: 00 •
Do pfd -i.sam.y- . • >--
The fallowing quotations are for good, 'sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco l«sa-50
per cant shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. TU87Hc; C«wa aao Hill
en, 54^«Hc: thin Cows. 485e per la.
CALVE&r-4©44c per lb (groas welrht).
SHEEP— Wether?. i^Hii%e; Ewes SS3U a
per lb (gross weight). * ""**T* a
LAMBS— S2 5O©2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 Ib*. 4*;-.
200 to 200 Ib«. 44c: ISO lbs aad nnder JSc-"
over 250 lbs. 4%c; »oft Hogs, not w'anted*
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, SO per cent off.'
and Stags. 40. per cent off from above quota
tions. . ¦ " ¦ . .
Veal is weaker, as there are too many small
Calves comicg In. All other descriptions re
main uncha&sed. with the market well sup
plied. ¦ ". . •-¦;.^v -.'.-¦ -.--¦
C-:':'\: DRESSED MEATS. \ ¦ =.\-U*'
Wholesale rates tram sUughterers to dealers
are as. follows: •:•-...
BEEF^-5Vi©7e for Steers and Iff 5c per n>
for Cows. - - . • .
VEAL, — Large; 64«J74c: smalli ~€9c per ib
MUTTOK— Wethera.. 7C7Hc; Ewea." ts©7o
per lb. .• • . "^
LAMBr-oSdc per. lb. . ". • • "
PORK— Dressed Hogs. «©Sc per Ib."
LIVESTOCK MARKET
Meat Market.
Foreign Futures.
v;;ii- mverpool, • /:
Wheat — . Sept. Dec
Opening Nominal: 7 7^
Closing Nominal. 7 7} 8
PARIS.
Wheat— S^pt. Jan.-ApL
Opening 24 30 25 33
Closing , 24 35 23 35
Flour —
Opening •••• 31 85 32 15
31 OQ 3310
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. SeDt. SO. — Wool.- steady; me
dium grades combing and clothing 20©26c:
Usbt fine l«S20c; heavy fine, 12&10c; tub
washed, 22925c. •
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 30. — WHEAT — For ex
port: Walla. .Walla, S0fiS14c btuestem. 85c:
vallay. 85c. For Eastern markets: Walla
Walla, 84c; blueat.em, S7c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 3O.-rWHEAT — One cent
hisher; blue.stem. 87c; club. S3c • -^ ¦ ,
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Sept. 30.— Clearings, $755,530.
Balances. 8224.015. _ ¦;-_;: .-¦ ---,¦¦¦ ,
TACOMA. Sept. 30.— CTearings, $401,723.
Balance*. $41,043. ¦
PORTLAND. Sent. 30.— Clearings, $S16,l»0.
Balances, $0L372. „
SPOKANE. Sept. 30. — Clearings. $330,680.
Balances. $3*388.
Business J^er^Fdtr,- tVitJiBcmds;
•' ' ;;: ¦¦- : .^V-: Leading Stocks* v .)¦:} ¦'.. -..'. '.• .''¦'
STOCK ilAEEip?:
Condition of the Treasury.
' WASHINGTON. Sept. 30.— To-day** Treas
ury itateinent shows: Available cash balance,
$150,S77,607: gold. S20.244.747.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
. NEW YORK. Sept. 80.— Cotton futures
opened stead'y at the. decline; September,
10.05c: October.. lO.CSe; November, 10.10c bid;
December. 10.22c: January, 10.27c; February,
10.30c fcld:- March, 10.38c; April. 10.38c bid;
May. 10.42a; June, 10.40c; August, 10.35o of
fered.
Cotton futures closed steady; October, 10c;
November, 10.03c; December, 10.03c: January,
10.18c; February, 10.22c; March, 10.2Sc; April,
10.30c; May, 10.32c."
Spot closed • steady, 5 points decline: mid-'
dlinsr upland*. lO.tJOc: middling gulf, I0.85c;
sales. 5100 bales..
New York Grain and Produce, •
NEW YORK. Sept. 30.J-FLOUR— Receipts.
23.3C0; exports, SOOO. ; Trading was steady at
good inquiry. . • ._
¦ WHEAT — Receipts, 4000;. spot, firm: No 2
red. $1 17*i f . . a. ,b. afloat: No. 1 Northern
Duluth. $1 23fi f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal f. ol b. afloat. After open-
Ing easier oh account of heavy Southwest re*
ctrJpts and favorable weather, wheat turned
stronger and was advanced sharply In the
afternoon- on bullish ' Australian news. The
close showed lHfflHc advance. May. $1 13Vi
fil 154. closed $1 14% ; September, $1 1&3
SI 1C4. cloe** SI 16%; December. SI UHQ
llij. closed 51 15%. ™ w
HOPS— Firm. State choice 1904 crop. 24©
37c:' iJKtt croo. 2SS36c.
HIDES— Firm. \ • ¦
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM — Ouiet. ' '.
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed tjuiet and unchanged. Sales. 1S.750
bags. October. $6 75$<J SO; D«?cember. $S 95 ;
March, S7 15*?7 20; May, ?7 40; July, SI 50^
7 55; spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, SV-c";
mild. firm.
SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining, 3»4c:
centri'usal. 08 test.. 4 5-16c: molasses sugar,
34c; reflped. steady: crushed. 5.95c; powdered,
5.35c; granulated. 5.25c.
I DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
barely steady at about former prices. Com
mon 405c: prime, 5>i§54c; choice, 5f4et3c;
fancy. 6497c.
PRUNES — Continue to show an Improved
¦ tor.e, owing to Increased demand. Prices re
main on about the former., basis so far as
the • spot position is concerned, ranging from
2c to r>4c according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are firm, with choice 94tT10c
extra choice, 9U#94c; fancj^ 11013c.
PEACHES — Continue scarce, with ' choice
held at SUtf8*4c; extra choice. 8%©0c; fancy,
94610c. .
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. SeDt. 30.— There was a fair
advance in the London tin market, according
to to-day'* cables, and spot there closed at
£127 17s Cd. while futures held at £128 7s 6d.
Locally the market was firm In sympathy,
but without showing any increase In activity.
Spot closed at S27 83 to $2S 15.
Copper was unchanged at £58 for spot and
futures in. the London market. Locally .the
market was also unchanged with business
llm'ted. Lakv. $12 75^13; electrolytic, |12 75
©12 874. and" casting. S12 50®12 624.
Lead was unchanged at £11 17s 6d in. the
English market and at $4 20-Q4 50 in New
Tork-
Smelter was also unchanged In both mar
kets, closing at S3 10*;.".. 20 in New York and
at £22 7s 6d In London. . / n
Iron was unchanged at 50s 3d In Glasgow
and a shade higher at 43s : 2%d • in . Middles -
boro. Locally Iron is quiet. - No." 1 "foundry."
Northern. S13 &5<?14 25; No, 2 foundry, : North-
There is no further advance In Hops; but
tho market continues very firm. -. - - . • .' •
HIDES AND .sKI.\~-Cu!!s and brand* sell
about 4<|lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10c: medium. 9c: light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 84c for heavy and 84c for light;
Stags. 64c: Salted Kip S He; Salted Veal. 10o;
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hides ltf 4c: dry Kip.
13c: dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25^
40c each; short Wool. 40®65c each: medium.
75@d0c: long Wool, $161 SO; HorM Bides.
salt- $2 75 for large and $2t?2 SO for medium.
$1 23'gl 75 for oma.ll and 50c for Colts: Hone
Hides, dry $1 75 for large and SI 30 for n»
dium. tl@l 25 for rnmall aad SOc Tor Colt*.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c;. dry salted
Mexican. 23c: dry Central American. SOc. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras; 70c; extra larg* da,
$1 25: large. 50c; medium. 23c; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4fc« per lb:
No. 2. 3%c; Greaae. 2463c : ."-..
WOOL — Fall cli>r-San Joaquln and South-'
ern. 991 lc: Southern 989c: Southern- Moun
tain. 9? lie: Middle Counties, tree. . lJCHc:
do. defective. 10012c: .Northern free. 1231 »c;
do. defective, 10012c; Humboldt and MeaJo
dno. 14®13c per lb ... . :
HOPS— 1»04 crop. 26029c per lb. :
Hides', Tallow, Wool and Hops.
. ¦•¦'• FOR : TBOTAY:/SI3 > TEitero'J»;,- ¦'.•¦,;!"
Fiour".- <ir ski.V.. • 13;tl2* Hoiji; bafSi' <lii*v-.'T9ii
Wheat ctla :...: 2.7f^ Wool -bale* *.^-. P«l
Barley -ctlf .:.- &.*&• Shorty -. sks-'-.. .-." --.lOO
Oats. etls. ..;... 1.509 1 TaOo^r.. etli v.V ¦-.••«»
Beans, sks ':....•".: -2. V47J -Leather. ¦ roOsi i'.. ;. 141"
Potatoes sks .^ 8.T07! Hides.. :No.' .\,i 57»'
Oalans. ska .- . . : ¦'¦ l.C«li; Pelta. ¦ No.-' ' ..^ .' ¦ •" i»
-Bran. -*k» .'.'.i: ;2.20f]:xJnie. ; bbls ,iV.'. -.':"¦ 2TT
Middlings; '•!».;• ' •- 273] .WfaeV ; gila^^.,- 22.530
Corn. We»t. ctl*- 60rt| Qufcksil*er?laf*... -";."• \i
Hay.'. -tpn»-*.V.^"-litS2;-fiu»Tirr.-.«ls. •..-..' ¦ $80:
Receipts of;- Producer
. , ¦ 2CEW- .TOn^.- S^rt: '.Vf.^Vai ,W "State's" Steel
: .trejerted Twre practically th/» ' .fthrfe hurden'- of
..suiportlhj: .the- price- leVel la the *>iock market
¦¦¦•.y'nt.U :l*tt -ln;the C$t.\yfatn xher.e Vas a Tumor
itSmX-.ii ;«eitlea>eHt . iiad . been arrived zj. by
.'con: premise' of -.the: contest cv>r the raanner-
Pfi.distribaUcij- of the' asee-ts'-of • the-'Ncrtherh.
. «Bc«rrtiea Comi*ny. ¦ !' A , Juihr> oX '* pclniain
. X<>rtB«ra S*curit4«B : otj;.tl*T-.ciiirJ> -resulted an.l
UiUca- Pacific ro»« in *>TCDatky-x)n -tSe Stock
i;.xcfcan«e.. Tee Western Railr/jad stocks came
ltiu> : b'tttr.decjard after that' -and .thre-ar .oS
:jb» 'Urtgsps ' inflaehce which" h-id" th<Rr' in
check >arly lp the day.: Official': disclaimers' of
tbe reported crt tJc^a-nt . £f ¦ the ' Northern' Se
curities salt CIA' not >>eeni' t'o- alter- th-»." effect
¦¦xit ..the.- nrpprt- ¦ The iit»ytn« . «f . United' States
. ? f r t-cej.-zsref«rred'.'«ras.la''eao*icous volume." The
:ndicaijdfj -thi-f-sorae -at ' tjie. : deinaad was
'•i.'v.jtflir frir-jii lrJ!u'etrtiir bar.kir.^ .hous*es.' aificl
•;to - -its- »erit!55«.-htal ¦•influfr.c* 1 :' ' There -war !p
";c*'w» tV stccrunt ' f err -?!:« iacrccHCt'Jtifysai the
Trit*ritrdrej>ort* of the.' expand ir.g demand" fcr
: irci ¦:*':>i' the' ihTer^s~ce '. thtt .a- larger consurnrv
'-¦tl.rm«*.st«>^l 'and its. finished forms -would be .a
•-*»flu^2 . '/There .v+re -runiors.ia rlrciilation again
. .tfcax "-U:e "corporiticfi *ks' availing lt£«)f- cf " its
;. in:iyll~i* xc coni-vert "preferred stock into .the
/.*teflieS - rr.ci-tc.Ero bonin. ¦ but- there was .no of
firisl sinctio'a. Ut this rcr-crt. • The st-reEjrth
.- ".•¦¦ ' -iiiTck- was r.ct airtcted by assertions tilat
rrites cf rte*l bU-ets wcrs beihr shaded below
1 r-**?-. cirs«K-d ypon."-por by reiorted Iamre
«-4^Jfrr«..-.r:srf-.l -rrifh cutsrde tin plate markers
¦-•* V?~-~~*: Wo*.- Uv ccrjjoration'e Fchedu>. It
T 2 * 1^ "¦'•"'-- that -the strerxsth of VrUted • State*
J». «*«?*' **>* was ."availed of to" a very large
¦ e^ent.tatiikc -profit* all tf.roujrh the pen-rat"
SSTm*^-;*^* th> csc^ptioa cf the New York
p-jtltf ¦ M-n-r^ storks nni a few ether rpeclal
.i^i ¦ t . Tf ' ho Important advances until
...he l«t^ rWin Cnion PaV-iflr r-IsasM the- mir
.. k.-. .r-jrr. «-i.. fjI thf . upon it.
IJ* trar.-jn'.Iity- .„£ th<r money markt lessened"
• 2K£S*ii 1 *&!L*i B1 *- »*«»• "f » d«cl/»ed!y
CT-arwabU - hank eta t- meat, although" there ¦
7 ari>n "'- « lth "«««& tb* extent
Ft«l -r-rrfcrrM.. to *rl! at 'othW pinta Ji VS
m»rk-t .clo»on rarher irr»g«lar •
;. !V>n<Js ttt*> rtr-nr. ".Total «»V-« S<5 -J^) o<V>
Vnltcd s> a t. F >v:n«l 3 .^^ 1 , rich a r^'7 Il 0< c 0 a i 1
: . " NEW YORK STOCK LIST ?
AicUsr.n. ........... : 7 ,as(i fs^ «24 -M-»i
¦AtcWson rfd "... -:.)W in -. inc.-r. ifiiii*
nan :* Ohio . ; — : « «« JS« % t ? '"2
Ii«!t A- Ohio. pro,-.. . • son * 04 .- 94 "* SI2 •
o»,e« *V Ohio....... U.4no "444- iiu" ««4
,<hi Jt AHcnifd,:. • irrt • Kfivi • sou kl • I
..Oil* Ot Western. . 70ft jr.vi . ir.ij ir.it'
rr.i *.NW.. ....... 7no. zrut 10 isa2
.<-hi. M A- f=t P.-.,. 43.100 1004 ir t S--i inr.i?
>>.l Toi-ia A- Tran*. »«» CT* .<5»i C.V,
'ifMfft'T-trt .... i-,i ?
O. C.CA-StL ¦'-¦ »»O Si sou. 7 i,»
Cnlo Pouthcrn J.000 . 13*i' lau |«j«Z
folo' South 1st pfd. '.'.... ...-. " ¦ S7-
Celt, South 2d pfd.. . -f*> cr.ii J6 «,!
I>clat«ar« & Had... 7.000 170 . ies% 168
$fib:-XQrk 'Stock -Market,
.Total shares sold, 829.300.
* - . NEW YORK BONDS. .
U S re* 2s. reg...llH5i] LAN unified 4s. 6S4
t>o coupon. ..'. .105Vt I Man con jrord 4s.. 1064
• --po^s. reg....-..l«H'i! Mexican Cen 4a.. CS4
¦ t>o coupon 105S) Do lst'inc 16?*
" Do new 4s reg.lSlHi Minn & *t L 4s.. 94
Do coupon-. 131SIM. K & T 4s 100%
• Do oid 4s, res.lW%| Do 2ds SOU
Do coupon 107SJNU R Mex con 4s 79 .
Atohlscn gen 4s. .10-ITii N Y Cen x»n 3'is.lOO
' Do adj 4s .. »6 IN J Cen gen 3s-. ..133%
Atlantic C L 4s. .. 0*4 ••Northern Pac 4s.. 1034
Bait & ObJa 4S..1O3 I Do 3* 74V
¦Do Z'r-s 84vil-Nor Sz ff ton 4s. 102 .
Central of Ga 6s. 112 I OSL 4s and" partic 09H
Do l^t i3C S3 I Pcnn conv 3'-s OS>H
Oi^sA Ohio44«-lC54!Rea'lln« yen 4s...l003i
Cai & Altop 3^s. 10 ! StL & IM con 5s.. 117%
C B & Q sew 4i 87%|StL Sc SF tg. .4s.. S7
C.M&StP gta 4s.lO9»iiEt L S W lets.-.. 98%
C * N W con 7s.l3OSfcj Seaboard A L 4s., S24
C. R I & P HE. 4a 765»; Southern Pac 4s.. 94,
-. ' Do .col it -. MJ j Southern Ry 5s.. 117.%
CCCAStL gen 4s.l01U(Tex &. Pxc 1«s..12O.
fill Ternf.r.al 4s.. 76 !T St L & W ,4s. » SO^
Con Tobacco 4a.. 73 Ti! Union Pacific 4s. .105
Colo & Pciith 4s. R6 I Da .conv 4s... .-..106*-!.
CF & Icon 5s.. 77 I U 3 Stee! 2d 5s..-..82*i
D^n-.& r.io G 4s.. 101 i Wabarh lsts 118 - '
E r i» prior lien 4s. &9H! Do deb B 6«
Do'fcen 4s." S7*±-l V."hecl &" L Els.. 904
FUV & D C sts.110 I Wisconsin Cen 4s. 91
Hockir.r Val *%*.10BW . • - • ' -
.' .NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.- .
•Adajns Con 20, Little Chief 05
Alice -, S5 Ontario :.3 50
Bree<^ ".. lSOphlr ' 2 25
Brunswick Cen... 00 Phoenix -.15
Oomstocfc Tur.nel . . lf>!Pot6»l .....'......:. 15
Con Cal t W....1 40 Savage ...• 30
Horn Silver. .V, ... 1 CO 1 s=|»rra Nevada..... 34
Ircn Silver ...".. 1 SO Small Hopes....... 27
Leadville Con . O2'Stan<lard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
-i Miscellaneous Markets. |
; ¦'¦: X£W.; -TTJEIC. - ' SrVt: .'^inbofe': ... jioney ' ok
¦e»ir,- ;.flnn. ; •l:t t 'S2 I v/ :per'««it': 'clcwiar bi<J '.2
!!*;:Wt; • -o2ert»l. - 2! B - ¦ per .cent- •".. .Tiin« :ioins,
r ttfly.; sixty .-.,'lSa-ye.' :3 ' per" cent;", ninety, dayi,
*VX^ «St;- sjxVrcQstiia. -SS per.'.cent. ' '¦'¦'
'...Pr-riiJ.cieEcintlle 'paper/ 44'^5' psr-'cent.'"
•;• ¦•..St'exyr.f ¦•#xc$uui«v toe>vy.-.wK&-ictu4l.basi- :
¦tcssi.ln .bafckers.' . bi.:ii ai- M;S5<>C[4.«Ci5 -fos 'de
:m»nd iarid. a> Jl.&VKjgA.^S fcr'^ixtj'-iaj- bttls'
.^ ->44.5< "S4"i "ia-J iiiti'.^
'.-¦¦BkK-Si.lrtt.:'to%€'r-- .': '%'. '• :¦¦ • ' "•
-;:-,Xexl^a.-vdonar!ii,5.*5.^c.-"- .•.¦"•
¦ -ti«VfcscB:eat:.:b.ondj.- steady :•- railrc*(i "bonds,
rtroeir^ ,v"'"- : -^ : ;- : ;V;"' .•.-•". ¦?•'. :¦¦ ¦
.Totals. Canada J31.489.83O • . . . :
•¦Not Included in totals because containing
other • items than clearinc« '
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. S%c: tare*
half bbls. 8Hc; orie Uerce-. .Siic;. two U«rc«s>
8c; five tierces; 1%e p«r lb. i-j ' ':¦¦¦¦'¦
¦ There is so forther' change'f n : "the- BjtusitlpH, . ¦
.CURED MEATSP-Bacpo; 'lift? ".per .ft» toe
heavy.. 11 for; Ilgh^ medium, 14c for l'l«ati
14J4c for ..extra light • and-. .17c""for- jiugttr
cured; dry ealf. hide's, . 10* 4 c; Bellle*.. 12ei
Eastern . «ug.ar -cured ... . .ijanii; 14c; ¦ Cali
fornia Hams; 134c; Mess B.eef. :tlO01&5O pe*.
.bbl: extra; Mess; IHSll 60: Family;- 112013 50;
prhhe-Mess' Pork, $14-50; .extra.' -cleas.- %St*i.
Mesa. ttSi'Dry £E«lt'ed '¦ PArk. 10%c: Pig Pork.
42B: Pits' Feet. .15.; Sinbked Beef, -14c peflb;
" LARD^Tlerces. quoted at'\64c. • per ; l^-.' -for
California -cfiaiEOund. 7c- far'-Eacterti cpmpoand
and 10c for -pure;- natf-barrela; pare ; - iOU'c:.
10- lb tins, 10*ic; 5-lb. tins; lOHc;- 3-«j tins,
lie. . . > ' ; .. --. :'•'¦ • ¦ " .... » ;.- ¦¦¦ '.:
Provisions.
}<^¥Qrfc : }>toyic'y:.$terkel.
. -¦¦' QIXiS^»Ll'nseed' .1* : . ¦^t : '-.l6frtf--'., jQuotarica*
, tr»; ; tor -¦• -barireU; \'-'t*r •¦ • cases .- aid •' 5c"; v" Mnv
iwedi ". 53c:- : per -gijlori' for. .boiled - an* '•' 81<?
¦fpr..rraw;" • CaaioT'. :Oit ¦: In.. -case's-. '-.No." - -£v foe;
: Bakeir« t -.'AA. ; -".case«;- .11 '.*¦&! : j*i. Luco;i; : 5<W\for"
boll*<l ;ana.'.4Ac.-.for.Taw.;:Chi«» -;Nut- ;cas««.-.:
«a©?<Oc. "p>r itJtUoav.' Cocc*a.uf ;.Otl» ¦'¦ixx'ViTT^li.'
'iSc' for- iCeytoa- -55<t ;'r.cr- Austxajiajr;; «xtr*
bleached winter^ -Sperm. OU.-.ff5C; tuitursri wiater
•Spertn .OU. -63c-,-. exYrja bl««cjh^l »1nt«r :Wn»J»
Ott"-57e;: natural : AyhaJe.- .041-. "52c,-. extrs>:.wlnr*p
strained. Lard 00.. :?5c;. l>*o..l : iara pit «5«f
ponj Nea'tsfoot. Pll. - 7Jc;: Na 1 .Neatsf c.M- .OtL
«3c^ light Hertlnf.OUv 42c> .dark Heri'tni.jOlli'
40c; Salmon 6tJ "-34c; boiled. FUh. Oil : Tic; raw
Fish- OU' V35C; boile4 Palat- Qll; 33<S; raw. Pal^t
Oil. "Slov .' ..- - Vv: '¦¦¦•¦...•¦:"¦•.¦.•.¦;;.'-•--- •;.-¦•'"--• :,w ¦;¦•.--•;
¦: COAL- OILr^Vater TC^HU .Coal XJll ; : ; rn lm!».
13ci P«arl -Otl; : lft- •««««». ,.194c> . Asjralv !»%<$;
&Ht ¦. 194c:: . Extri\Stat; -2tc-; Elilne" .-26c;. Ebv'
: cene'I '. ?3c ; ¦ DeodcfliN Stove .GrUcllne; • In- BuHt;
lte 4 . U» casefl..224"ci:Benziq*. lai; bulk, 13c; la
rases; lOiici B8-de*re«-. Gasoline., la vbulk.iscr.
|a caies. -31e." - ¦• •': ".¦'..¦¦-.¦••-¦."¦•-.;•¦"•''..•¦••.••:•••..¦.•
•' TTmPENTrNfi— aie p*r^csillon: : In cases aad '
75c'.'indru'ma'.*nd: Iron: Darrela..' •: -• -.5 .-¦- '¦•..¦•.• . '.-'.
.-.RED AND WHITE .LEAD^-ReH.t>a«.: TU»
TSfto p«r ib-:-WbiU"I^aaL-TViie73iei.«ccortte«
to'.quantity-. • :. •* •;.'.•::'•.>".¦•¦" v~ ;-•-..-* '• • -""..;¦'
: SUGAR— The Western' Su'sirvReflTsjTsW Own
pany quotes as' follows-, perlb.;. ln-l(».lb biti:
'Cubes. A Crushed' and ..Fine ¦¦¦Crushed.- C3So:°
Powdered; -«.10c; Candy Granulated,- 8H0c:Dry
: Granulated." fine." ' 6c:. '-Dry. "Granulated, -eoar**.-
0c:- Fruit --Granulated.'-.- 6c: :-B«jt-- 'OraaalMad
a(i©-lb ba«s only);/-— r^rCotifectlon^rtr A. 6o;"
.Magnolia A.: 5.«0c:- Extra CyVCSQc: OohUn.C,-:
•5.40c; "T>.. &30c; 1O<! njor»; .: hmlt
: barrels; 25c tnore4 boxes-. -50c -more f lb bais."
10c more tar all 1cjnd< TabletsV-tiaJ* barr«l«.
ff.Wc; boxes." 6.75c- Hi A E; Crystal Doajlxsoa.
JBc p«c 'lb. ¦ No.- orders. ,t*ken- .for ltas ' Cxaji
••Vantr-DTt barrela- or -Its " eq-utraleat - • V; . ¦ .
tbraclt'a Xss. 114 ; , Wetsh-.. A-rithraclt«_E<y. : *13i
Wtlsh- Lump '. |J?'- i*K Canael;; $^p«T ton;- Cote**
$11 -50013 .'p«r: ' ton. In: ru'Vk. anJ. $15 i*: «*C*»;
RockT.Mouatain.d»«:rtptiDns JS i/ pr iSort
ton;-- ;". .' .".¦.••¦ --.I. .'¦[¦'}.: ''.' '¦'¦/. '¦-•"-. - : ' : . ; '--.-'V:":-V.-- -"•¦ [¦'¦'¦' ! ¦:,
' Reports from New- York" are that -Pninei cf
the larger slies contln-ue to Improve.- and: that'
the- medium sizes are now; sharing..the-'Im
provement. Yesterday's telegrams' said that
the whole market was firmer, and -that .the'
brokers reported that bids of .14c; co»»t basls^.
for elzes smaller than: 4O» -were turned down/ -
FRUITS — New crop-i-ApncotSi t*i©9^lc for.
Royals and i>S12o for. Moornarfcs; Nectarines.:
S\Q~c: Peaches, 6^^8Hc per lb; Pears; "IQ
12c; Plums, pitted &g.64c for black. 9®S4c
. for red and 7g94c for yellow; Flfs, "2-crown :
bricks. 50c; 3-crown 55c; 4 - crown • 60c;-.6
crown. 65c; bulk white, 2%@3e: black. 3Hc
Evaporated Apples ' 5497c. per lb.' - - ' • . •
PHUXES- 1%$1%c per Ib for th« fodr slaesr
and 2t«c basis for the large dies. - - : ' ; .
RAISINS— 1804 crop t. o. b, : Fresno— trpi
periaj clusters. |2 25«2 50; IXhesa. $1 S5O2;
/London' Layers. $0c€fl;. Loose Muscatels 4
f crown. SfeSJc: 3-crown. 3©3«4ej- 2-crown.
.24©2-%c; Seedless; 2"%©2V4c; Floatedi . J%o;-
Se.ed.Kl, JTsSSVic; Thompson's S?^dle*s.' 4Hc:-
SeerJless. Sultanas. 383-«4*. -1903 "cr0P-^-Loos»
• Muscatels. 2g24c; Seedless; 114c? FlB»t«d.' Ss;
P«.cln.c». l%«?i.ie: 'Seeded, 1 3.H6tH«:-¥*l««a«.
l*,g2K,c per lb; .S.eed'l«M SnlUnas.. 2&: • .. ;
NUTS^jfew Walnuts, No. :'¦ r.toftilult.- Uc;
..No. 2,' 9c; No: .1 hardshell. 1 iO.Hc; No. i. afte;
Almonds. lS617c: for Nqnpareils, tJgUVi? for
f X L.' 13@14e- for" N*. Plus LTtra andlllc. f«r
Languedocr' Peanuts. Qfilc tor Ea»teni"; :• ¥;»i'
can?.. .liffi."V?:. .Cocoanuts ¦ .|4 50^5-; "Chestnuts. 1
45«20c per ib.-- •-¦•- :.¦¦ ¦-.>.'.. ; : • -- -y \-.'
HON-EY^Comb." lieiZcr for- -wbitV and "lOO"
•lie for-- amber.;. -water'.. ""jrhlt* • extracted,. 4"^o
6a; lfght amber ' extracted; :5^54c; .dark;.- 30.
¦ • BEES^A^— 27j?29c' per Hi. / .: ¦¦ '^Tp, ¦ V':"'
Dried Frmts,NuisJZaisihsJioney.
OMAHA. Nebr., Sept. 30:— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. C500.. Best steady, others lower: Na
tive steers, $4@6; cowe and heifers, |2 25-@
3 60: Western steers, $2. 00©4 4O; Texas steers,
$2 65^3 60; cows and- heirers. «2 10{7£ 25:
canners, II 50(92; stockers and feeder*. $2 25@
3 DO; calves. $3iS5 25: bulls. *1 75«3. .
vHOGS— Receipts. 5500.. "Market 5c hlfther.
H«avj\ $5 50Q5 70: mixed, f 5 5&G& 75: light.
(5 75Q5 &5; -piss, *5fi5 50; bulk of sales. $5 65
€5 75. " "
SHEEP— Receipts, 900. "Weak. • Western
y-arlinira, $3 65*5 4; wethers. $3 40@3 85;- ewes*
53-tit 50: commpn and stockers, $2 25@3 75;
lambs. 14 40@5.
HOGS— Receipts. 3000.- Hl^heV. Bulk of
sales. J5 75©5 80; heavy, »5 M>©3 95; packers.
|5 75®5 05; pics and light. $5 65Q5 9O.
SHEEP — Receipts, -26W. Steady. Muttons,
$3. 2&S:i"S0; Iambs. $465 25; rang* wethers,
$3 25£3 80; ewes, $2 50#3 50.
v Omaha.-
KANSAS CTTT, Mo., Sept. 30. — CATTLE: —
Receipts, 3C«0. Steady. Native ateers, $3 75
©6; native cows and heifers, fl 50@4 50; miock
ers aftd feeder*, »2 25^4; bulls. $1 75#3 25;
calves-, $2 50@5 50;. Western steers, $3#4 25;
Western cows, -|1 5003-25.
Kansas iCity.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Sept. 30. — CATTLE — Receipts.
5000. Steady. Good to prime eteers, (5 «0©
6 40: poor to medium, $3 MfcgS 25; stackers and
feeders, $2 20#4; cows, $1 50#4 30; heifers.
$1 SOS 4 60; canners, $1 50g2 40; bulls, $2®
4; calves, $3@6 50; Texas fed steers, |4g5;
Western steer*. $3®4 SO. •
HOGS — Receipts, 10.000; to-morrow.- 700O.
Market 10c higher. Mixed and butchers".
S5 T.Vjt? 50; gtxxi to choice heavy. $5 90^6 10;
rousrh heavy. ?,". 50<g5 75; light, $5 65^6; bu^k
of selee, |5 75Q6.
S.HEEP— Receipt?. 50CO. Market for .sheep
and lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers,
$3 SO® 4 30; fair to choice mixed. $3 25@3 75;
Western sheep, $3t?4 10; native lambs, $4©
6; Western Iambs, $4g5 50.
j CATTLE. SUEEP AXD HOGS. |
¦.jiS^meeamg qn .*u=«n«r- rallow is .rr^>rrf«sir;5
r-.-.yrir- Jn itte'-vweterp. *e«ioh.. • .-'Id -the. Co
¦lunrbU .R1v«t -V*lVv. farj- sr^dir.k Is-' doing "well
»OQ- -J-.s .r*.in*. cam* in' roc« -eeaspq'. to insure
•.a.n*vecn*nd.C.drn;;<utti-ie-tia»-. begun' • : an>l
¦i-n ¦t.he.'-.dairy : an-iCi«.:«5kis. *r?- .V'.ri?-HSIW;
,Iti' -Sa\;therTJ^Or»«CTj--tne third crop if alfalfa
ha-v -N*s -sec'-rfd vin'-.toedVcenaiacn..' 'I'p -the"
counties the raia«- ir.tf'irji'pted .tk-crk- In
tht-' fields'. and ;the**:U cofcsideratlei'yet-to'be
>ut '-; -.ipptatoto -«ifirJs«.;«ticiir.ueiB;: with" email
• yitldg. as. j»;.ru".e.-;- In :»onj«.pf -the -coa?t cor:n:
• -j.ir»: ao<i in isflaitef«a tittrnxiiitm: it totmjjifiti.Oii~
•-jBbo ar 4 ;«5-.eripe- <r«r. -w.lH -be e*<rure<l^ but t5*
¦total- v-.e:dwnr.W ¦b*tlaw-av?rare-" ..- " " •• -V "
..: ¦¦\-f7xt*: rxkizit '¦"¦ a^r -iiymf i.s ; Vr.ejY jjader
; waj-.;--.rhe: j'irii cl tb> -Thrit '.'l» ¦: very, jlph't. but
,..th>"-QO4-«;3r.-lfe gooit; ¦.Late-'.ippleT. are drbrrky?
mcrv r-thi? usual, but -stiu.'^>riocn!te..an 'abundant.
v»V : ".-'-l '¦--¦¦- ': ; ' -•'" '•"'•; .';'' : ;•;/?. ''":\ji.'
EASTERN 3BBEET&
: ••Thw-ehing'.-.ti-ill -.be~cbtcp>tsd".. irf .Eastern
Or««oi. :in '«,- week .or iej\ •¦'daj J «: ; : .The 'yitldi
e*=Ur.ue below the. averajr.*, Mt'ttn qua'Iitj;
i*'roc«. :.:¦¦'¦.¦;.¦.::¦ ¦'::¦:'¦/.¦.:¦¦¦ .¦¦"¦¦'..¦¦¦ .. •
"The drouchty- condition.' thaf: has . prevailed
through the SLatif..dur)asrvtlIie ;lart Uir«<?"rai5nths
r«s '. part'.atlj; r-eUeve<| .<3uriBg -the . iatter; part
erf • thfc w*€k. by ; '^ood -»ho«ersV -whfch f<?lr ill
r.«-ar;y. all 'dfrtrirts. .'. W-hfif -the., rains-" were
rx-nerally ;irjuf5clent- to" ; plve>;-the mQ in con
ilt-loa"". Ivr ¦¦'.•i)lo|ii-Jnjf;.-- they -'jclft^ red -4btf atmos
phcre.ef.iiaio.ke].'.. started • rfiss -on' .th.e nSr.ce*
aird :pa«ur«» and .revivjta. alt'.veyeta'ticn. Th»"y.
Cain* too. late.-;howev*r. to'be"r)f -muck benefit
to': corn «na;potatc**. •¦ Liirnt frosf Occurred orx
on« t>r : t »-<?¦ rnoraln«# -in - »c*tt«r^l- portions, of
¦ii-.e' WiUscnettei.Vjillfy .'*llrhtly>daniar".nr late
r«-Utpt>, ¦ tomau*s . and . teRder "vejetablts; .
¦ Th* -report fcf : .Edward .a:-.' B*als," section -dl
fitctor. United -StatfsAVea.th^r ¦Bii<ea'U. -for .the:.
Oregon' Crop- -Bulletin, for the" ;week <ndtd. Sep'
temb»r 27.- 'Is ae follows ¦:'."-' •¦-"-. "•¦ .- -'- -. • •
Ore gau Crop Bulletini
CHICAGO, SeDt. 30.— On th« Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery. HfflSc; dairy. 13-©17c. Ees* were
steady; firsts. 18c; primo firsts. 2Oc; extra, 22c.
Cheese was steady and firm at 9*4G10^c.
- . b*nk- clfirinis . • tn- . S*pt"?rpl>ef "we>e
* : > •.¦Sa*.«S'l. - a«*xh*t; ?I2i.l21.,535. 'toe- ¦Si?pt<'-rrv'
b*r;' 1*3.: Fsr~ tlje -Crjt- Ti:ii<? -ipdettss- of tii*
•j.^ir-.-tSVy.-'-Were. *l.i:p.€32.;3i3. ; -ai?aih£t; -?r.ll^-
V,i3;7W ¦ fcr 'the saine • pferjod. in .1903-': ; We.- are
si' w iy. C.rr*pir* 'Bp xri lS^-'ahd- era(j'jall7 re^
.iiis.ipg'.. -t» xrcund: l°*t eariy-'in'-the. year.'.
I^-w*. .cohti^te at ;the rirwn.t: rate, of -gain:
v» .«•'.:! ( titstnp 19O3 at the Cl-^se cf. the -year,.
fciit %H~ ..-inarsin .of ihcreake will' be \;ery. s.aia'L
September Bank^CJCiirihgS.
¦ "T-Ire-;ccitage ;: at \t't .Ur4ted. •Stitps 'braAch..
¦fcUnt' ; 'jn;;tJ:'i?v i-xty :-.fir;!tfce- ri6p.th:^c*-..S?rjefn5y > r'
c- : r.swurd; ofvJ14,*xi.j:>/X'- in; -Uriiuji '-Stit'e's -dcu-'fii*.
t:-c-.<^' ¦ IM^OUQ : PhiliFPiB*. Fijvfr .'¦pe«0!r--";«ad
.: -i.-'-.""''- .-Pi : .:;U' ;.•:"<?' '-Or.'-'-.r.i.crV'j-ivn.eo^.- : tQ."ui.\;-
mybat- to- fi«,Urj-.j>es>«.- •in.pi^t»rsVr.';.lSC3."trie
¦*.-. :.-:i:b .<xm.«1st«l. -. :t'-t~:>*.'i&r ftjV I '> ; .:.t>a' -States :
£,>M- afc4.!Bliy«r .cam •¦;aad;"::2;.'»<f.'i.«>j - : P61.UppJn«
i]^r : ''peiost.'y-'':.'-.'-: \--'_-[-~^ : \'. : •'- •:':;•"."-*¦*".¦>¦•¦¦•¦.•"-¦¦*¦
Qdiit^^:inyS^ptpmbjer.
•: -The. receipt* ef.-du.ries.cn. isipcVts .at 'the jSiat'j
¦l"r^pc'tfc»-:C^tcii-hc^e'..4Urins.-th^ ;-raofct}k-' : Qf.. 1 {
.t-ept«r.ber *-er.e.:.f6«i5:ls;. : ' aga..-,5t -f5OJ«a; -in,
-f/jteciber.^.HiuS. : '.The : . : total \:&>yiet£tloaM 'frcirf
- T tr.aa-ry -1 ¦ id . >d.«te. : were ';.fj.5>v.?i.l^ .apairiiEt-
S ".724,2*0 .-fiuriri^ tfce .tanie. p?ric<J;. Ia>t. j-«ar: -. *-
iPeia. Lack 6.- W 296
•Renver' &"-P,i<5 Gr. . . 'CCO. C9 29 25%. |
•D»<i-i- Rio Gr pfd.. ./ • 2UO. 82 . 62 fcl-'s I
Ert« " .' U-.L'vO 31«i 31>i 3Hi
'-Erie 1st pfd 1.400 67H «7*^ 67H
Eif.e"2upfa.. v .-.• 200 43^ 45U Wi
; Hocking Valley ...; .". :... SI -
Hc-rk Val pf d...... ¦ ...? ..".. 88'
imnols" Central 6.500" 140»i 139- 140
lowaCJntrir •£.<> 254 25 25
irfsra CeVtral "rf'd... " 400 46}^ 4<i * *<iK-
JtansaV Clt-J- 'South 1 .. , 24
Kan City Souta pfd 100 . 4C\i -4« l i 4tJH:
•Louis AKash.'. .-.-.. 5;StO 127U 12«^j 12O'«
Marrfiattan li ".' ". -U« -154Vt J54'» 15-»^
M«<rovK)I Socurtttes. 16. SO/ S"ia» .81% S*?^ 1
MKtopol.St Ey...*. 19,500 lil'rs 12u> 8 , 121;*
. Jlinai St L&ujs..: " -.-...' 56
M.j-Pi.SS-11.,:. 200 74 T , . 74Vi 74",
Mr£ P&i P .S 'll pfd. • 129
Mis*o-liri PaciCb 1'O.SKW" 9S^* t»7'i 9S ¦
,Jt, K-t I..';' GOO 241* 24 V» 2*4
il/.-K & T prd-.i..: JT.OOO- 4» 4» .49
•NAt PR cf Mex pfd ....... .... ".".. 3» Vi '
¦N -^ -<?ealral ::..•..: 4<W 12CH 125»i. 12«
Norfork & W-...:.". .8.300 t»H <»* • «»?• •
Hfirtjk W pfd.,...." 200: .91 .91 90 •
C*nta.rio & Western. 4.&0U • 35H " *»^4 35%
Hfhnsylvaniff ....". 4i,7oO 132V* 13H* 132H,
'¦PUW. C. C.&St L'. " " .69
• Reading '44.7Oi> «a% «S*s €S%
'¦ Reading 1st. pid SvO . S<5* 86 86
' Readimr 2d pfd ." 774
Ro.ck Island Co...:". 5.CC0 SS^i 27H 27% |
R<.ck Island Co pfd l.OCO 72H . 71^ 72% j
SL & S F'iM vti.. 1.800 "¦ 59" 59*i &<5* 4 |
fct-L S W .- •. 1.000 21H 20U 21% j
StLSWpfd:. ¦ 2..VX> 4ti»i 45'/«- 4H\
¦Southern Pac'.flc .•K>'.2«> M** 5«»i 57 '-'s J
-Southern "Jtv: u 21.400 334 32% 3.1^
S«tt'h Ry pfd..:,.. «)0 »44 . 94H -044
Texas & Pacific...-. 400 31 «j 314 »%
Tol. St L & W...-. S<)0 30T B -304 30M-\
Trt. S L &W pfd.- 1.200. -49*i 49- 49»4 •
Union Paclfl: S3.600 103*s 101H 1«% i
fr-ion . Pacific pfd/. , 83
,-Waba*h ., ¦.... 2.7W 20% 20 2O%
Watabh p^d ; 2.30O 42S 414 42
Wnetl & LE 200 19 17* 4 174
•••Wisconsin Cent WJO 20% 20 20 1*
Wts^nsin C«nt pfd,. " ICO 45V» *5H «>*
.'Mexican Central .. 900 14 13% 14ft
Express Companies — •.
: Adams' ;••• 230
' American . .-. 205
United states - .-. 114
*vr«ua Fargo ¦ : ;. 235
• " Miscellaneous — " .
AmaJi?3mat«i .Cop. 21.000 5R%i 5«Vi 584
Amer Car A Fdy.. 1.1W 23% 23Vi 23^ J
Amer C it F pfd.;. 7«X> 81^ 80T, S<M»
¦An?r Cotton Oil .. 300. 29 . • 2S% 23
' Aiher Cctton irfd < .'¦ 69
American Ice.- - ' Sfjtf . 7«i ' 74 " 7%\
Amer Ice pf3 " 3.0«» 334 32% ¦ 33
Amer Lidlwea Oil \ HVi
Am»r Lin Oilpfd..- * 30
•Arh^r Locomotive.. 5.400 27H 2«%. 27 .
Amer Uoco "pM ..-. V000 97 9« 964.
Amer S-A -Rfg .".- 7H) ¦ 6C»4 "66% «5«i%
Ara«-S4Rfr"pH. 500- . 10»H 105 107H
Amfer- Sugar- Rfg.".- 2.500 132 ; 131% J3Hi.
M in Co .. ¦ 82
firock Rapid Tran. 31.600 57^* 56M " 57H
: Ctflorailo F .*• I - 7Ci0 35 34% 344
Conaolfdited Uu.. 19.3OO 6ll 206 210Vi
..Corn .Produc-ti . . . ." 4.00 ' 154 J5.4 • 154
Girii Product* pfd." 100-' 714 71 4 71 H
DisUllers*. Secur ,-.- 1,200" 2» • if> : 28 V
'.General' E.lectrjc .. 400 172^ .172 " .172**
Icternatlona.1 Papef 700 M 17*i .174
Inter- Paper pfd..: 2,000. 7.6 754. 75**.
'Iriter Pump .: ". .-• -.32
¦Inter' Pump pfd.."" 100 "77 -TO- 7*
-National L*wA .... 10O 24% Z4% 24H-
North American .-. " 30O • 654 »5 • S5"4
Pacific Mail . : 700. 34% 33',. * 33*»
Pjornes Ga? •....:. 8,100 103%. 102% 102*i
Pressed Sieel Car.l '.2, SCO 33% j.324- »4
Prj^s-.Steel CacpJ<J 30i> ?»4 W 79 79
-Pull Palace- Car.:.- 200 220- 2174.219
RepiAlic Btael-....". &*) »H" • ST» - 9
RepubHc' Stp«l pfd." 2,900 36% -35 36
"RubbecGoovls .... 5.1OO • 22 Vi 20%" 22
" Eubbtr G<?o<i« Pfd. 20O ' &* J*4- " 84
T»-nn"sse* C'& J..; 6.3.00 - . 46% "47% 48
U- S Leather ¦ 2.S0O Oft 9% 9%
f S Leather pfd .." 3<*> S$ 67% "8«H
U S- Realty- .\ 2.000' 63 60 • 62%
C S Rubber 1.200. 21ft 21%. 21%
U- S Rubber pfd . . 700 76 754 ¦ 75V 4
.U S Steel 60.100- 184 174 1*%
U S Steel pfd ..-..151.2OO 744 ' 71%. 74
Westinshouse Elec. 1.000 166 . 1€3*i lCoft-
Western- Union .. -300 »O% »<>% 9O',»
'0sitics-'-6n Ivifiorjs;
¦ FIGS^50c^;« ' :per -boxl : ¦ : •" - - V . v f - •
. MELONS— CanulouBea. 75o^$l- 2.*: pej- crat*;.
Nutrrer ilelo&s, .40^tJ5c.ip€r box; Watermelons..
fl 25fl3 "-per ' dozen for ordinary and -|5' for
extra- large; ' " : ' " ¦. . : '. ;; •• '• .-.. ¦¦':'¦
GRAPES-=-SJnalJ boxei and crate*: .Seedless,
75 ©83c: Tokay, 35075c:- Moscat, • .*0«e5ci
Isabella. 50*375c; Black, 25e«O<5i Cornlcnon,. . SO
675c. Larjre ; open :-boxes I- 73c©tl 23; ' Wins
Grapes. ?1C^2O per tonl • / . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '• ¦" ¦¦' .'¦' '¦ -" ¦ '.
CITRUS FRt,"LTS-rOrans«s." *2 «0©S SO p«T
box for' Valencia*; ' .Lemoni-' $2 5063^- .for
fancy. $1 75^2 2i. for chplc« and $1 2561 W
for Stanaartf; Grape Fruit $2 W83: Mexican
LJmes, H 5C§5 per case; Bananas. ' II 50r?2 50.
per bunch for Central -American and 73ct|
<1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $304 K> 9«r
dozen. ¦ ¦ ' ¦ .:- " '.-.¦.• • ".
PEARS— BartJetts *1 23©t 75 per biox; Win
ter Nellli. $1Q1 25; other winter Varieties. 33
.675c; - :"•¦¦.- -. •-•-¦.:.••...-.•-¦'.¦¦.••••.-.•¦- •••.'¦>••
PEACHES^-40fi.75c p«r bex. ¦-•>•' • ¦ : •:'¦: •-•
PLt'MS^-€G§i75c per box.: ', . .- "" ' :" .",:.:.
pOMEGRANATES^-40e5Oc ''-t or • «mall and
$1 50(61 73 for ' la tge 'boxes.-. ¦ ¦ •• ' - ¦¦ ¦•¦ V.
. Q1JINCES--25e50c. per box; . : .•..-• ..
. - STRA"V\TBERRIE3-«-$l 50@3 per chest for the
large varie.ti.e3 and $250^5 for Cheney Berries:
RASPBERRIES— *3iSa: per <:ijest." • .--. ; . . ••
HtCKLEBERRI.E&r-seiOc per \b.: • ¦ .'
eRA>'B*ERRIESH-:?2 5O@2 75 per box for
Coos'Bay arid *» 25©8. 50 for Cape .Cbdir." • •
. APPLES— M 33S1 50 far extra! fancy/. • *10
1 25 for.. ordinary ¦ fancy; and 4Ce'00c for -COm>'
mrva to '; choice. . ¦ ' .¦';¦¦. : ¦' -.' : .- .^". ¦:.':¦¦"-¦' u ' ¦"
Trade In fr*«h- frtijts ;'wi» 'at. fair volume, and
as receipts Vert rather j light 'prices; of most
desjcriptloqs were ' steady. ' ' Acpies and ¦ Pears-
Were active and flrtn. .arid other tree traits
continued to ifcoyef .off ¦ freely at- good • prices'.
Table 1 Grapes w«re rather easy. In : ton*. ' but
prices '. showed no change and ¦ rood, .stock
cleaned, up- pretty w«U. . Th*re. was a- sharp:
break, .in prices -of -W-lne- .Grapes. : as offering*.
Were-- .mostly of 'pool' quality *nd ¦ buyefrs- ' were
ihcllned to- hold, .off and-- .await developments.
Melons. ;were. In good: request.' owing- lit . the
eontm'pet} : warm . weather J and Nutmegs, were.
quoted higher. Strawberrfe* "and :Ra*Pberries
lrregHilar ... prites, Ifcec«li^- nave'been^
corning, to., hand 'la:e ''-during the -last -fejr. days
'.and- -have to b«> sold • ait -lp* ' prices or held over
frcm. day to' day.- ¦-..'¦ ' 'i ¦-¦¦¦•••':."¦.•.¦¦:.;.¦.
Deciduous and' Citrus Fruits.
Batik Clearings. v :
NEW YORK. Sept. »i — The following table
. compiled by Bradstrect shows the bank clear
ings at th« principal cities for the wesk endsd
September 29, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
: . Pet. Pet.
City — • Amount. inc. -dec
New York ...;... $1, 223. 5OU, 4«0 '.7 .:..
Chicaso ..-..-•.... lo:j,7;J4,7C7 .... -7.6
. Boeton ' 103,«7<i.52S 12.1
Philadelphia 163,400,711 11.7
S:. Louis ... 30.C03.&S0 7.2
PIttsburff '... ' 37.iO5.80T .... 10.9
San Francisco ...' 23.770.440 9.4
Baltimore :...... 19.00S.O£> 7.0
Clnclenati ..; 22.7«1.00O 7.2 :...
Kiir.fi* 'City 22.4. - !3.327 2.3
Nevf Orleans- .... li.'.M7.137 .... -7.4
Cleveland ...-...•.. 12,373.404 ' 15. B
•MinneapcrMa : ' 23. .".4a, 707 2(5.1 " ....
•Detroit r. 9.42f.844 7.2
, Louisville ....... ¦ 9.2o4,l?5 . 3.5 ....
Omaha. S.111.323 5.0
Milwaukee ......' S.243.C40. 4.7
Pcovldence 5.610.2TO ¦ 6.8
Buffalo ' 4.11!».3'3 ¦ 2.5
Ir.diahat>olls 6,146.2*1" 3.8T ....
St. Paul ....... 6.R16.439 . 18.1 .."..
Lcs Angeles ..... 5.310.3-17 3.1
St. Joseph : 4J7S2.70D 1.8
Drnver 6,052,930 3Q.0
Columbus 4,t»5.400 " .4
Memphis 3,r>34.J22 2.2
Seattle 4,795.470 9.6 ;...
; Riclrmond 4.3S4.(tJ5 14.5
Washington . ...^. 3.S12.910 . 5.-0 ....
(Savannah ... 3,229.957 35.4 "....
Aibany «. 3,602,156 .0
Portland Ore ... 4,233,129- 19.1
i Fort .Worth 3.523,171, 5i,3
: Toledo, Ohio .... 3.«35,21S .... ' 18.1
Salt Lake 'City .. 2.S22.018 .... -2.8
Peorla 3.098.S92- 7.7
Atianta • ;.. 2.M6.919 15.9 •....
Roche-ter 2,468,259 3.9 •....
Hartrord 2.437.9tt> 4.9 ..^.
Nashville 2.297.12S 4.6 ....
Ces Molnes 2:041,073 1.0 ....
Spokane. Wash...- 2.6«1.100 0.5 ....
Tacoma .• 2.424.119 78.6 ....
Grand Rapids ... l>i'i.T05 1.0 . ...
New Haven 1.765.C12 12.4 ....
Dayton '. 1.621.757 6.5 ....
Norfolk 1.805.657 2.» ....
Srringneld, Mass. 1.234.55S 7.2
Worcester 1,108,154 12.9
Portland, Me. ... 1.542.2C3 10.1 .....
Augusta, Ga. ... 2,5SS.72i 53.8
Tupeka 575,722 67.3
Sicux City 1.2V9.&5S 5.0
Syracuse 1.03T,5$9 1.6
nv»nsvili« 1,057,059 4.5
Birmingham 1.313.772 21.7 •
Wilmington, Del. 685,956 29.4
Knoxvllle 9&4.2S5 13.1
Davenport 916,140 5.4 ....
Little Rock 663,504 .... 15.7
; Wi!k«?barre 8S4.897 .... 0.9
Fall River 441.167 .... 48.0
Macon 672,929 .... 7.1
Wheeling.* W. Va. 617,240 .... 16.5
Wichita 1,109.547 ....
Akron 402.000 .... 36.9
Chattanocga 664.472 .... 13.2
Springfield. 111... 741.8S8 17.0
Kalamazoo, Mich. 704.702 8.» .....
Youngstown 5OS.S23 .... H-0
Helena 408,140 .... 23.7
Lexington 309.5O5 .... -17.2
Fargo. N. D • 637,1*4 IS. 2
New Bedford .... 414,7«4 .... 3.5
Canton. Ohio ... 442.OrtO .... 32.3
Jacksonville. /Fla. 6M.53.S 20.0 ....
Lowell 832.971 .... 4.8
i Chester.. Pa 4L5.75O
Oreensburg. .Pa.. 305,637 ...: 3.3
Rockford. 111..... 446.056 12.3
Binghamton S58.20O 8.6
Spcingaeld. Ohio. 3O4.3A4 .*.» 17.6
Bloomi-ngton, III.. 342.4W .... 2.5
Quincy. 111....... 285,135 4.6
Sioux Falls; S. D. '279.978 0.8 ....
MansaeM. Ohio . 203.323 1.5
Decatur, 111.. 222.197 15.2
Jacksonville. 111.. 223.SU ; 4.7
Fremont: Neb 22«UU2 10.0 ....
•Houston ¦... 1«.945.376 14.9 ....
•Galvestpn- . .' 14,762,000 29.7 ....
Charlestpn; S. C-. . 1.423.»8i . 30.1
Totals. U. S,..t2.0li.975,498 7777 [-1.T.
" Ouulde N. T.. 7S8.4&6.018- 5.1
: CANADA.
Montrtal .¦.....' J21.118.961 5.1 ....
Toronto'.: "..-.. 15iSO0.576. ¦ 5.3 ....
Winnipeg ' 4,934,303 7.4 I...-
Ottawa 1.736.701. 21.4 •
Halifax .....-.;.. 1,577.340 3.2 .-...
Quebec u 1.468.X89 19.2
Vancctuver, B. C... L470.241 ....- 2.6
Hamilton 1,116.512 44,5 «...
London. Ont. ....... 764.405 3.7
St. John. N. B... J.2S7.414 33.3 ....
Victorfa, B. C .. -708.190 38.2 ....
All prices remained unchanired.- yesterday.
Butter and Eg?s were quiet and feaurreltes.
but Cheese continued firm, with . the tendency
still upward. Stocks, are no w> .ranch reduced
and tome dealers heretofore' oversapplied ai e
now obliged to biyc from their neighbors. ;
A little of the Cutter Is showinr the effects
of the. recent hot wave.- but not sufficient to cut
much figure. ' ' • : : •-"¦-¦ • ¦ \ ¦'¦
Receipts w*re . 23.C0O lbs. Butter. 544 cases
Ee*s and IB.SCO lbs Cheese. ... .
.BUTTER — Creamery at flrst -bands, 2Sc.
for extras and 2ti@27o for firsts;: dairy. 219
2ic; cold storage. 24c; store Butter,: 17020c;
Eastern ¦ creamery. 21iJ©23c: Eastern Udl«>
packed ie(gl7c per lb. : ...
CHEESE— 1C$ lie for choice mild oew asd
£^@uc"for lower grades; . Touh? Amerlcansi
U®li«ic;; Oregon. V^lOKc; Eastern.. 10<915c
I>er: lb.: . . . ¦.'.'.'- ."¦¦ :" ' ¦ '. - .' '¦¦ ¦¦ ¦
EGGS-^Ranch. ' -30o for. large whlt»-»«
lected. 37%©3Sc for choice and : '83<e36« for
common;' cold .. storage. 27«4<J30e;- store,, conj
lnal.;' Eastern. SiiCt^c for -firsts, 21©33c tor
seconds and. 2O©21C. 'for bakers*. .:"..-. .: • .•
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Xctv.york Exchange 'continues to advance.^
Local, baiik clearings n 6~jJ run n ing over' last', year. .
S^M^^eH:pde^y4i^^ : /ugh^ri hkver'.i • :
Fair trading i\i IocaiV stocks iind'b.onds.
Wheat futures 4 oiich the highest point yet.
¦Barley jn fair- demand of- fir;;i p rices.
Oats, Con; and Rye unchang'c d.
Large ship^u^ris of FloK.r going Esjst from the North.
Damage, to the Bean crop, said t o be less than thought. "
flay market .zvcrking -into better condition. Feedstuff s steady.
Onioiis also in larger supply.
Pcultry'arid 'Game steady <i'rtd ' u.nrJianged.
Fresh' fruits in fair di'vtan.d, zciih.nwderatc receipts.
:Xezv.Yvrkl7Xpvfts/cjpntiiiucd : lm in Prunes.
W&tter and ]Ejj^j^^^'^^'GJ^u^'jKr^'^- .-. *
'Xp-furtiier. change in l^rfcisionsv '-\ '.'..¦'/ '¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' - •
;' : . : ;.*.:v; • ; ¦¦ '" " . '
unchanged'. .
:Li;it'ecd?Oil.i!tark£d-^ -¦"'.'•. : ;
su^MaMoetfib i markets.
Atchlson 65 (Ontario & West.. 36*i
Dq pfd 103 j Pennsylvania . '. . . C7H
Sal; & Ohio ;. 92%!Rand Minds 10%
Canadian Pac. .. .134 %ji Reading 33%
Ches & Ohio 45%! Do 1st pfd 44
Chi Great West. 17 ! Do 2d pfd 80%
C. M & St P. ..'..ICO iSouthern Ry 34«.
I*s Brers 18%! Do pfd 9<5%
Den & Rio G 3OVi( Southern Pacific. . 5SH
• Dopfdi KlHiUnion Pacific..... 104^
Eri* 32V4! Do pfd 95**
Do 1st pfd 69«4! U S Sterl 18%
Do 2d U'd .47 ! D# pfd 74*4
Illinois Ce»tral...l4"; iWabash 21^
Louis & Nash:... 130 i Do pfd 43
M. K & T...... 21%! Spanish Fours S7%
Ear silver — Quiet; 29 ll-16d per ounce.
Money— 202)4 P«r cent.
The rate of disccmnt in the open market for
short bills is 2H-per cent and for three months
bills 2% .per ce.nt. • . •
CHICAGO. Sept. CO.— At the opening, senti
ment In the wheat pit was rather bearish. The
! cause of the easier selling was heavier ship- I
ments from Argentina, liberal receipts Jn the
Northwest and weakness In foreign grain ciar
j keta. Initial quotations on December were a !
.shade higher to l ,4®V4c lower, at $1 Xl% to j
, IX 11%. May was higher to Vic lower, at
$1 12fc,©l 12%. After touching $i 12, Decem- ;
ber steadily aeclined to $1 lift, while May
sold off to SI ll?i. The mam feature of
I trading was % series of operations by a leaJir
of the bull crowd. The belief was quite geh
: eral that, although this operator was an open
seller, his purchases through brokers • more i
thtn offset the sales. — The pit crowd was in
1 Suenced by reports of th-s alleged purchases.
Th« result was a rally in prlc-ts. A report
by a St. Louis trade journal, construed as
bullish, increased' the strength. According -to
the St. Louis yaper. many complaints have
t>?en received regarding delayed plowing and
seeding In the Southwest. Under a faii»""de
mimd December advanced to $1 12"ie i l VI and
M&y.ta #1 Vi%. Th* market held firm the
latter, cart cf the day. although the advance
was, not . maintained. - Final quotations on - De
cember were fct £1 12%. May closed at $1 13%
fel 13V4. i
An easier tone prevailed in the' corn market
all day; December closed unchanged, at 50»ic.
Oats were bearish; December closed h^c
higher at SOfec.
Provisions were firm. Pork closed 5c higher.
Lard was up 2V.£5c and ribs 2^c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
. Articles — Open. Hlph.- Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September, old. 1 liy* 1 li% 1 1S% 1 14
September, new 1 10% 1 11^ l 00^ i n
December 1 HTs 1 13 1 11*4 1 12%
May ... 1 lt% 1 13%. 1 11% l «£
Corn No. 2— " "
September C3 J i 53 U 51% 51%
December G-S T^ ' • 37^i .'50V. 50 T »
May ...V.. 4STi 4914- 4S% 4st s
Oata No. 2 —
September ..... • 29\. 20^ . 2»% 29%
December: .">0'i 30%. 30»i ' S0% '
May ... :{2;i »J^i S'i% 33
Mess Pork, rer.bbl — . .
October ..11 42»,i 11 42*4 11 30 11 35
January ..i 13 10. 13 10 13 07^4 13 12%
Lard, per ICO lbs?. —
October 7 «> " 62% 7 55 7 60 •
January 7 40 7 42** 7 33- T i~H
Short Ribs, per 10O lbs.-r- .
October ......... 7 72H 7 7214 7 62»i 7 72»i
January • 6 S2^ 6 85 ' 6 80. 6 S3
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Sept. 30. — .Floar, firm; No. 2
sprincr wheat. $1- \&SX 18; Xo. 3, 51 OS©1 15;
No. 2 red; $1 11-%@1 17; No. 2 com, O2«4c;
>"o. 2 yellow, M%c: No. 2 cats, 32-SC2H'c; No.
2 white. 32U)532»ic-. No. .1 whit^, 30^(i7.Tic:
No. 2 rye 75c: good feeding barley, 35tX7c;
fair to choice malting,- 4<i©4&:: No. 1 flasseed;
$1 07^1 15; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 17^t;
prime timothy seid. $2 45@2 U5; mess pork,
per bbl.. *ll"10.@ll 50; lard, per 100 lbs., $7 7A;
short ribs sides (loose), $7 75©7 37^; short 1
clear sides (boxed). *3 50©!* 75: whisky, basis !
of high wines, $1 26^-j; clover, contract grade,
?12 15.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37.200. 10,500
Wheat, bushels .729,145 41. Too
Corn, buslibls ." 139,700 311,500
Oats, bushels 234.700- 1(54. 2UO
Rye, bushels •. . . tiOO 2,000
Barley, bushels 216,700 . 13,500
. Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Future* Grain and Provisions.
¦ Retail rrlcts have changed but little since j
Ia3t week j Butter, Cheese and Eggs ara un- ,
changed and Meats. Poultry and Fiah are still ,
selling at the familiar quotations. .•';.• f
Seasonal kinds ot Fruits and Vegetables are j
in good supply and they are .selling at raason
able prices. Asparagus and Nectarines have i
disappeared and they are dropi-ied from, the.!
llit. Chestnuts are in the market fc3ln.
COAL, P£R TON— *
Wellington .$ — ©10 001 New "
Seattle $ — ti.S 50| Wellington $^-<jlO 00
Roslyn .-..:.$ — © 0 00 1 Wellington j
Richmond . .$ — 9 0 50) Nut 5 — © S 00 J
Coos Buy :.$ — <Q 7 50> j
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— . . j
Butter, cholce.sq.SOfrliO. Eggs, por dozen I
Do good 40*i45i Ranch 4C@13 !
Do packed, lb. 27 ViS^M Storage- - — €33 !
Cheese. Cal licit mj Eastern ~4f3&\
Cheese. Eaatern.2«ti25! Honey comb, !b.l3«2O {
Cheese. Swiss . .25@35< Do extracted .. &©10 \
POULTRY AND GAME— . |
Hens large. ca.fc5®30| Ducks, each ..^65c£$t I
Do small 5ti£tf): Geese, each . .— «i$l 30''
Young Roosters. f Goslings \\ 75<B- (
each 75cfi$ll Pigeons, pair .. — ©3O ¦
Old Roosters, ea.50#t!o! Squabs, per pair.5i>t»0o i
Fryers, each . .50«6O| Wild Doves, doz $1 25 ;
Broilers, each . .33®30i Rabbits, each . .Z\y&2\ i
Turkeys, per lb.27®30| Hare each —623}
MEATS, PEP. POUND— •
Roast Beef. [ Mutton Chops . .— 4513 '
. choice suts ..13«i2OPork Chops —©15;
Do plain 10@12^ilVeal Cutlets IStilS i
Roast Veal . .12»-i©13! Corned Beef ..... — @3|
Roast Pork . .12Vi£il3! Beef Stew SglO ;
Foreqtr Lamb. — ©12% Mutton Stsw ... 5© S J
Hindqtr Lamb...— #15 Veal Stew lC€?12Vb !
Foreqtr Mutton.. SS10J Soup Meat &@10 ¦
L«icr Mutton — @10 Soup Bones .... 4f? — l
Tndrloin Steak.l2"4^l5 Hams ...15616)
Portrhse Steak. AS#lV-\ Bacon 13@2O t
Sirloin Steak. .12V. «15i Pork Sausage. .12»-i«15
Rounff Steak.. 10«712«. Chipped Beef ..2C«^-
Lamb Chops . . . lS©20! Lard 12 %@—
.' FRUITS AND NUTS— . :
Alllgtr Pears,ea.2CS2.")f Limes, doz... . ...1C015
Almonds 15€20| Nutmeg Melons.ea.5ei0
Apples .' 49 S! Oranges, doz ....3Cig6O
Blackberries, per | Peaches lb ..... *VS 9
. drawer . . . 2OJE231 PlUms. lb C® S
Chestnuts. 'lb. ...23iSS0! Pears, lb ........ 44* S
•Cranberries. : qt. . lOttlS' Pineapples each. — & ~A> i
Cantaloup<-s; ea^.lO«lS'P6mei?ranatea. dz.30.fi5O
Pecans •• . .— fi;20i Persimmons.- doz, — 630 •¦
Brazil Nuts' . '. . .20@-H Quinces ........>. 3© 5 [
?ananas, doz . J25©13. ! .Ral?ins. lb- .:.... 10@15i
Cocoanuts. each. — Q10 1 Raspberries, per ¦ -, (
Figs." dried, lb.. 6«I0! drawer . . . .....23<g5Q J
Do. fresh. lb.lOigl2l,4! Strawberries. • • i
.Grape Ftult, dz:75c©$l!- per drawer. *.•.'. -20S 40 \
Grapes. • lb . .*. v . : .3© . 6i Walnuts. . per . lb.i. r >ie20 ;
Hcklebrries. lb— O12U' Watermelons. ea.i5<S4O
Lemons, doz .20#3OJ •. ' ' . - : •'.•¦•".•
VEGETABLES— . ... •
Artichokes. doz.3C«E?30; Leeks; dz buncb.l5(52O
Beets, dozen 10^-H Mnshrooma lb.:30c?i$l
Beans, white, lb. 5#— >' Onion* per lb ¦::'- r <0:2,
• Colored. iJer lb. 5@ — ; Okra,. dried; lb. .203!-^
Drie«l Lima Ib. 5O. 6! Do green; lb ¦. . 8«. 5:
Green Lima, .... 5>© 6t Potatoes, per Ib.l
Cabbage, each .. &810I Parsnips," )>er dz. 13620-
Celery, head ... r«g 10! Radishes; dz b.ch.l.'.'gSO
Crees^ dz "bunch. 13<j — ! Sa*re. dz 'bhches.23'9- : *-
Cucumbers, dqz.JOSLTString Beans, tb. 4 @ 8
Garlic ..•¦ 6© 81 Summer Squash. •• •
Green Pep.pers.lb 50101 ; per lb. . . . ; . .'. . .— $b- 5^
Dried Peppers . .'lfWr20f Sprouts, .per.lb ...—#.«.
Egg. Plant, lb... '4©. 6t Spinach- p*r : ¦ itr.-^^ 5
Green Peas. lb.. . 5@. fit Sweet P6tatpes,lb^-<j2 2
Green Corn, Thyme, dz bnchs.23©.10
- Choice, doz ". .r'.S^.&V -Turnips, per do?--^€15
Do common .. 15(S20l Tomato?*... lb. .-.¦.-. -3@ 5.
Lettuce, per doz.l5@30; " ' '• ' • -i
FISH. PER POUND— : .....
Barracouta. ..... — C15!Rockcod ......... — «M5
Carp 10612^1 Sea Bass ....".... — *I15
Catfish. — «J12UigmeIU ¦....-.. — ©IS
Codfish — ®12>4! Soles ¦ '., .-. 1«VS15
Flounders ioe — | Skates, each . . . .10©15
Halibut 15©— I Squid — ©!10
Herring SfflO Tomcod 103 —
Mackerel — Q— iTurbot 20<^-
Do horse. 15^ — I Trout. — ©73
Rockfish" — @12H!Whiteflsh 1(VS —
Salmon, fresh .. — © — I Clam*, pal Ion . .60<a —
Do smoked ... — «2S! Do hardslrell. lb ««1O
Sardines — ©—'Crawfish per Ibl2^i«15
Shad 106— Crabs, each
Striped Bass ...15*?20t Mussels, lb 12*4013
Perch 10«r— Oyster?. Cal. ino.40Q3O
Pomplno — @50i Do Eastern, dz.3«"i®40
j Chicago Board of Trade. |
' The ear cf Western Poultry- that arrived on
Thursday wa^ marketed and met with a fair
demand. Receipt* of local stock were Ilrht.
but there was no scarcity of. supplies. «inr-'
ried-over stock was plentiful. Hens. coutia.u«d
steady, but everything else. In the chicken line
dragged, badly .at easy . prices. -A portion of
the receipts of ' Game came to- hind. In bad
condition owing to the hor weather. an>1 some
had to.be thrown away. . Only sound Game Is
quoted, ¦ ¦¦..' ¦ ¦ ¦" ' ' ¦¦ . •. . ••'.-••.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old, 14013c par
lb for Gobblers and 13«16c for Hens; young
Turkeys. Wg23c per lb: Geese, per pair. $1 6o
61 73: Goslings. «1 75^2- Ducks. Si 5OS3 P«r
dozen, for old and ?36S for young: Hens. $4 50
@5 for small and ?5"6C©6\ for large: younj
Roosters. $4'S0<;5: old Roosters. $4 50f?5; Fry
ers, $3 5CQ4: Broilers, . 92 5C*J3; Ptytons.
(1 25 per dozen for old' and $1 .*nf$2 for Squab*.
OAME— Wild Doves. • 75c"2*i per dozen:
Hare, (1 -5&1 oO p*r dozen: Rabbits. S2 per
dozen 'for Cottontails -and *l SO for Brush. ¦
( Family Retail Market.
err . $1:: CJ© 13 *ii: No- 1 foundry. ." Southern,
and NO. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $13 50©
IS 73. \ •
Poultry and Game,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 1. 19<H.
| LOCAL MAEKETS.
Con for incney..SS 7-16'New York C*n....l31
Con for acct...SS 7-I«! Norfolk A West.. 71
Anaconda 4«il Do tffd. : . 02
Londoii Closing Stocks.
BAGS— Grain Ban. *5C3 25; San Quentla.
(1W: Wool BaK».S0©32c; FIee«;« Twin* 7*je:
Fruit Bars. C^e"%o for whiu and '7c • for
brown Jute. ...... . ....
COAL — Wellington. . $S per ton: New Wei
llngton. W; Seattle. $4 SO:' Errant. $6 SO:
Beaver. Hill. $5 50: Roalyn. $7: . Cooa Bay.
15 SO:. Richmond; *T 50; Cumberland 913 ia
b.* : and $14.-3 !n sacks; Pennsylvania An-
General Merchandise.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
WWM SMS:
T—. . . .. .. -. . ¦; ; .' ' " 1 , " 1 ' , ¦ '
y- Heivy OraU Harsesl;;
! : ..'¦..'¦ •' '." f]TJST AltsrVED. /: '"¦' .•'¦•¦.'. •'-"¦¦
' JVeight -' frcm r«00. to 173& from 5 to 3 years .
?i?", 1 . c * a *3'*{y »aj- tney are th». best lot of
Draft Horseaever effered. at public or private
sale-la Saa. FmnelAeo. "We lnvit«- Intending
purchaser* to come and lock this stock o*«r.
a» they will-, bear".- a. cless.- lnspactloa for
sc,undn.es». . and -they are suitable, tor track
men. contractors, .fceayy delivery- of any kind.
and the . San .. Francisco Fir». •Department
shculd tnstect this lot., aj thev are what they
W *°V and they niu'st and will' be sclct to th«-
highest bldJet-.. Sale takea. place. Mpndar. Oc-> •
tober .3. at 11 o^clock. at the -Inte.-r.vJonal
Horse ; Market, corner Twelfth aad : Harrison
streets.' .-.-" '.-.¦.•¦. ¦•¦ ... ¦ •.•¦ : ¦ '..•-.'¦.-. .-.-^'..
..' . . '.-' "I 2. WATKINS. Auetloneer. • ';
AUGTIQN SALE
¦ '.-.^ .-¦:¦¦- ; -.-".'rv v op-: '.¦¦¦.; y<['-''-'X':' : ,.- : '.
5iJ Head of^rk, llr|lnf afld;
gfijiS^ltei'Horses, . %
¦ '¦'¦'¦'¦ f *~y r ifi^^K'*^^'^^'^'i^f^nf^'}'^! : . r ?.~
Cdosigned by C. U ' fay lor. "; Baiavla, «cd othart,
'.'¦ .¦';¦' :.-¦ '.':¦¦: ¦" : "",' ; -'f*" ba-aoM, -;-.¦;•¦; '". '-¦•v-" : "" ; :--. : %
M05BAT E VEimr Q. OCTOB2S 3. 15O4
: '.':'- ''' ' ¦¦•at. ; '7:43-ib'clpck: at >ai*»y.ari •; -¦ ¦(.. ¦¦'¦
1732 MARKET ST. . near Vaa .J*«Ba-«v»; . i." Ti • .'
;¦ FRED H. CH.V3E * CO.. ttreatock -.'Atw*: ;
ttoneet*. :-.;.,; -'.¦•,•!•.".¦••.•.'• ; ; -.' : •• •-:•;'¦ :' ,-'V":"' : ." ¦-^'¦".^/'¦.•-•'¦K
¦ '.Horses Oat : yard' -Saturday. -Octpber" ' 1. •¦'.¦•liftt-'.-
* Send for' Catalogue.'. : ¦¦>;: .- ¦;'- "•¦. '''"M'''".h-' % 7,l?... : h : .-
C!iii|-Oyt Salei
. By order of : A. JACOBS t : *m:'&ii i&p-' <#**-'
¦teats of -tne.. -.-,-' .'-•-¦ ¦'¦:¦ '¦'¦ Vv'^<^>^^r>?-/y
'¦: : ;:[/ ¦ •': ; B^rieu; tx^^t^Vf^hi ¦ ¦ ¦ : . ' ; ¦ ,- ; :..; -'
; cbp.'sfijrting-; of -75. '^olir :ili -imrW**: • hor»eT»i -ioi :
business: .biigffies.-, 2tf ¦ r'ubb-r ' uM : b.ugsrles',- ' id'.
¦.kobaT-jiurri^.. 2.' alnjost- n«w. : :tr#i^-:20-.«oodV
waiions.-, -35. : seta of- sincte 'haraessi ; 20' -set* .'ft? '
: doubt* "' harness: . ;pv .'set* of- -giood wagpii ¦ I|a3rs' '
nes». -robe*.- bfajike'ta.- .-.whVp«. :/ tools. Sal* : to.".
'pcaiyve.- as, ail- of the/ t'e>ianta Tiiait x'acai^-'oa, '-
.aceaunt ." of . c«w building,' -Sale takes plac?:
M^pday." October- 3. at i a m; - " . . , ,v'- . ' •' • '
.'¦¦;•- ; : ."":--. i,".*,TT|f!-. Hjp.CTlTlL^ JljjpjUflilMV;^
*.r ¦ '. '. '..'. '¦.'...'.'. '..''. .. '.'¦¦ ¦ . ¦'' ¦' "' . -'".'.?*.¦•¦''
• ."WJLL, HOLD AN . ., . .
'!:''- ¦':' .. : /y
1500 '.MARKET STEEST. Wear Cit7 Kill.
••:• -• ~££ ¦-.-; :¦-' ¦..; :¦.-."-. •¦¦*" -o\ciQcfe:, - .; ';•-:/ "r:-.^-Vvi
TOrNIGHT :
:by'ordef,'xif ; proRrtetor^;Larg*-,cpil^
rios." s,htijjties,: Iadliji bUrnt^*a ip'ir. : «b<Ja ».' Tttifjft''
[.¦PrMaV>f«V;.^»i|t3(»aw«i^tpa^yCC^fcjte»jtfte!*..
' lopse .'stclnes...opaU'aiId/miM.fiis'.: :-Tertris
hi ' -(eservci; . !QMm.^b.TtV%^l^- a X.' : IB^^^EL'-|i3±-r'i
"to-day: >;-;;"-.'-..'^; :¦.¦;¦;-;. '^.'--'V'. ¦'¦-¦ ''-v'-.iV'.'"V7|;"y
fillfitoii AuCtloiiefil
j - . WILL SELL THIS DAY
'•:¦ : :- '•'-":: :^''-^-'- : ''-'lt;*::vi>^y''-' : . :V-:- = ¦'¦ :^r'-- -¦'>¦
¦'•¦ .>• /.- '¦ -¦;¦¦ ;\':-. : ;\>. '¦¦&&.. *ojiic: sf : : •¦/: '^.;.; V ; ¦ . ¦ ¦' -• '-S, ¦ ;i
-. - ..Tbe Elegant Furniture of : : -;•
8-Roqra Flat.
¦".,.: : .'.V ;i»--Hv; Br'RfV Atfctione*^-"^.:': 1 .".-:;'.;'"--^'
Giant Powder Co..has.declared dividend Nu.
70 of .50. cents a 'snare. .She left the school for her home on
Wednesday afternoon about 3 o'clock.
She passed through a vacant lot on the
southeast corner of Lyon street and
Pacific avenue, and as she reached the
sidewalk a man said to her: "There's a
little girl lost in the lot and I want you
to go back and see if you know her."
Dorothy told him that the girl could
come to her, as she would not go back.
The man seized her by, the arm and
began to drag her into the lot. The
child screamed and broke away. She
looked back and saw the man running
The police are looking for the mis
creant that attacked Dorothy Allen, a
10-year-old schoolgirl, at Lyon street
and Pacific avenue Wednesday after
noon. Little Dorothy lives with her
parents at 3315 Clay street. She attends
the Grant Primary School on Pacific
avenue, between Broderick and Baker
streets.
Police Searching fop Man Who
Grabbed Hold of Dorothy Allen
on Way From School. ¦ •
LOOKING FOR .ASSAILANT
OF A LITTLE SCHOOLGIRL
The opportunity is always ripe for
the man' who is ready. . .
; . r Tears siopd -In . the ' meltirig black
•eyes p£ th'e indignant -senorila whe.n
Mr< <3<» la Torre informed- her in his
•inoEt rneUifluousV Ca6tiliari 'th.at be r
cause the child's father Is Chinese "the
child is in law a '.Chinese. The baby's
natiorialfty -was . entered' dri the pa*-'
senger : list, .as ' Mexickn> ' and • in truth
heiis a .subject of .the republic .of Mex
ico, but the strain of Mongolian blood
oh the . father's "•' side vrill .'¦ debai> .him
from: visiting his : aunt.' "Happily the.
eicliision act d&e« . not ¦ .contain any
rrp\-i$I6ri jdenying-.his - aunt .the privi
lege: ; of; visiting, him on .board .the
steamer, as • long' • as ¦ she • remains, in
porC ¦'¦For the -reason that she has jthe
care of the baby Miss, Arcadia also was
idenied a landing. "'.¦ . . •"'.'•
Inspector; Antonio de la Torre Jr.
yesterday refused to admit little Jesus
lliyera to the tJJiited : States because
the father of the babe is a. Chinese. ;
¦ Jesus is only 3 years' old and is a
bright baby. .He- was. in arms of
Miss 'Arcadia Rivera, his. i9-year-old:
aunt; oh" board the steamer Curacao;,
/arrived; from Mazatjan.. 'Mis^
Rivera v ; as; taking ber itster's baby on
a visit; -to \ -another sister, Mrs. John
Murillo of- 912 'Filbert . .street in ; this
cityi ; The inother. of the; boy. is tl}3
Wife of a weU-tb-do mercharit'
of Maz-atlan/and 'she herself.' ts one -of
the rrrdst be$utifuJ;Avqmen'in that Mex
ican city.: ..; ¦••..••.-.•'¦:'.¦•'•¦ .. • . : '."
Amey E.' Grace objects to" an order of
the court giving her an absolute decree
of divorce from her. husband .after he
had been dead three weeks, especially
as neither" she nor the attorney who
represented- the husband In the original
divorce" proceedings requested or con
sented tnat 'the order be made. Mrs.
Grace got -an .interlocutory decree.' of
divorce from Joseph H. Grace, a dray
man, on May 20, 1903, but by an inad
vertence the decree was never entered.
On September .12 last, three weeks after
Grace's death, Leon- Samuels, repre
senting Grace's sister and mother, had
a decree of absolute divorce entered
nu'nc pro tune as of May 27,. 1903. Mrs.
Grace seeks to have it set aside in
order that she* may be considered as
Grace's widow in the settlement of his
estate. Judge Hebbard yesterday took
her motion under consideration.
Arthur L. Piper, . secretary of the
Plper-Aden-GoOdall Company, testified
yesterday that he has no money, no
property and only $S0 a month salary,
and Is, therefore, unable to pay the
$625 due to his wife as alimony. Judge
Sloss gave him a week • to see if he
could better his finances.
Judge : Hebbard yesterday annulled
the marriage of Mayme E. Fissette and
John Pederson, which took place at San
Jose, March 17, 1902. At that time
Pederson was not divorced: from his
wife Otelia,. whom he married in Hono
lulu in 1S84.
Nellie R. Henry sued Clarence A.
Henry for divorce on the ground of
cruelty. Judge Troutt granted a di
vorce to Annie Perry from William
Perry for desertion. '
. Charges of embezzlement and fleeing
the State under an assumed name with
another woman are. set forth in a suit
for' divorce begun yesterday by Mrs.
Jessie Startzman' against Martin B.
Starztman, who, she says, was a de
partment, -manager for the Gorham
Rubber Company. On April 28, the
complaint ' declares, he stole . money
from the company, and under the name
of E. L. Frye bought tickets for Chi
cago'for himself and a woman he rep
resented as' his. wife. It Is alleged that
he is' now. . Hying with • the woman,
whose* name, according to the com
plaint, .is Mrs. E. L. Frye. The deserted
•woman says iie. received $350 a month
salary, arid she demands $100 monthly
alimony. • ;
Three-Tear^Qld Boy to Be
Deported Because Father
Happens to Be Chinese
Says Husband Stole 3Ioney
and Left the State With
Another Married Woman
PRATTLING BABE
IS DEBARRED
STARTZMAN'S
WIFE ENRAGED
Wants Indictment Quashed.
The members . of the Grand Jury
svere examined in \ Judge Lawlor's
yesterday on a motion made by
ittorney Frank J. Murphy to quash
:he indictment. against Gustav Scherf,
charged ] "with the murder of I Rudolph
W. Schultze on August 24. Murphy
ittempted to , show that" the
3rand Jurors had their minds
3iased by reading accounts .of the
tnurder in the press, ' but he was un
successful, c. W. • Welch, secretary
>f the Grand Jury, was asked to pro
luce the records, but he said he did
lot have them with him.. Murphy
nade : a motion that '. the . records be
produced, which the -Judge denied
vithout prejudice. , The case was con*
inued.'tiirMonday,'\ ' t
HEALDSBURG, S»>pt. 3O.-^The Healdsbarg
High School Alumni Association held Its an
nual meeting this evening and elected the to\-.
lowing officers: President. Charles H»lgh.;
vice president. Russel Galloway; treasurer-.
Fred Barnes; secretary. Miss Florence ' Barnes.
Catchy style with a little' snap; our printing
Edward Knowles Company. 24 Second-st.-* .
'.To' .a -fair sized audience.; fa the
Fourth Congregational : Church tast
night Rev. -I. C. aieserVe gaye; & .very;
interesting lecture on "A Trip With a
% Bride." The speaker carried his. hear-,
erg through the- different countries a*
the_Old World and his description , of
famojia places- held the audience la
deep interest until the end. :. ; ; !
Gives an .Interesting .Iyectur©,'
-• OCTQBErl 'SXTNSErr; aiAOAZINE JS: OCT k
'aijd contains artlplis-by. Gfiverpbi 1 ;Parde»..ii6l'
ptlieri "on ' recepf army patrij), : wi^h ' btautiful:
three-page tolpted.'liiscrt and-' ptrffuafqa of- in«
halfddDPS. . .Man jr pth'ep ' features. -. Oa -sala ; *t
al.l.-netra «(ahd».'. -;."•..>'. '''.-...':¦ •.-;•.¦':" •;.- '.'.-* . '
"Turned .Up,"_ a farcein. three- acts,
will be presented at -Native .Sons!- ;Hai\
next Tuesday night by the California
Dramatic Society; ! The' member's of
the society have •been .working' lo-ng
and earnestly Tehearslrig'for\tbe en'
tertainment and hope 'to". make' it a
big success, both ; financially, and so-;
cially. . -. . ¦ '• :
Ploy! by Dramatic- Society.
A reward : of . fame andL monijr .awaits . him
who supplies pur needs, .with. fim«;thins -.better-^:
as "Old Gilt Kdge WhiSkey." ' WJchmar*. Lut
gen .&. Co., 29-31-: Battery, S: F./.^roprletbrs. .-•
A conference was held yesterday by
Commissioner ' Schnitz of the Public
Works Board, Tirey L». Ford, attorney
for the United Railroads, and Mayor
Schmitz in the Mayor's office relative
to the removal of the curve at Post
and Kearny streets by the board
named and the maintenanct of track
curves at other points in alleged viola
tion of a city ordinance. '". -
Replying to Ford's explanation that
the spur* track was originally laid and
long used under a franchise granted In
1879,- Commissioner Schmitz called at
tention to the ordinance prohibiting, the
construction of a . spur track within
eleven feet of the curb, whereas In
this case the curve was only six feet
away from the sidewalk. Ford con-,
tended that the ordinance was passed
one year after the grant of franchise
and, therefore, could not b6 applied.
"Even if your franchise gives you the
power to' put down the curve," said the
Commissioner, "we have the right un-
der the general police regulations to
remove it if it is proved to be a men
ace to life and limb. We deem the
public safety paramount to any rights
the railroad company may possess."
"As a way out of the difficulty," said
United Railroads Will | Con
sider Plan of Mayor for
* Post arid Kearriy Streets
• ¦• • A : .delightfuj euchre; tournament was,
eriioyed Wednesday evening^ -'at Cotilllpn
Hall; 'in aid! of- St., Brigjd*3. npir ; titwfClj.'.
building fu.ndl ,.; The;: hall. ¦waJJL'Charmi'
ing" Miss ilafcle Criorgikna eleVerly ex
ecuted' several ptaho. 'solos and: fn.; cbji-
Juxcticm' with, Jbh-n ; J. : Doughertyj yitt
liirist,.ten^e'reti .ae.ver;aV : dTieta, .- ! - : ¦./•..:'
.: " Xbe cpim-nlittee.: Whiich : had *$£&.;$&*
ran^ementd; i'ji hand-.Traa 'corrrppsed 6t
--J; F.'.'0uHryarC Mis^. CTaxa .T^ht>m.
¦as,'.¦M13s;m^ S.hannonVMrs.- T^ Ivandb"
rich, "Sligs' >IJ 'Gibbon; Jilfs. F. ; Pauteiy-
Mrs.!>j[-uies: Cletta'yt And- Mi?s.. : Amasa
¦Tfiprnton: •¦ ' »V^-5, '; ; :' - -^ : 'y -r. i.; Z-' v . ¦••'• ¦¦•';¦
•: - The "iresTjlt ; b? the toiirnament '.' waa
'. • First. t?tW^r-CJialr w.on : !iiy Mrr. '"• <3eorc« : T.'
.SchwArs. oraeketjarwon. by-MlSa Mabet;Hap»
rlson-.' boobjr prize (a -won b? 'lira.-.'- 34*
•A-'" Mtfiren: .' ije'eond' tabfe^-Boiibop Mrs.
T.-l.-Q'Brieiif.sirtil. F 1 raiik.*E l aut«r;-'b6/3by "prl*«y'
•a .rumf'Kin, Miss A8?i'* Tlioib«s..~-Tljlr<l '•fajSlfrr
vVAtroafehf Iroa. tajidle-i^Uck, MlsaS: .CtirrJii>;
raster Dtctaro. . M+s. F: RJ- PrieHa: plat* b*anp,,
G«oFi5« : .ThDnipsQn^ ;Fi>urth; fabto— Eonljdii spobn^
Jameq ilcKee^-' cut glass •.Jelly. ' dish.' v.'Mra,
!p"Neili 3611- clialc' -Miss Mafy. MiiEWen.- ._;.-. .¦
Friends of St.' JBrigia.'s Clinch; Meet
,v 1 • inlnterfe^ of Xew; 3ufld-- : - :
:'•''¦''•> :'. ¦¦'¦''¦:'"¦;•,. -JUi3: ,Frind.;;-;v^-;. ;>¦;.: :';•¦:
LARGE • PARTY ATTEND^ : I .
[.; :. ¦'¦; •-- :Et*CHKE ' TOCRXAAIENT
• "Many : other curves violate t^e or
dinance," said Commissioner Sclimiti,
"and It Is our'lntentfcm to remote; them,
all if no .sufficient reason •; can-; be . ad
vanced . for. their maintenance.". '. ¦¦ ... . : .
At Mayor Schmftz's suggestion, it was
decided . not to take .action'; ob ..other
curves until .the. company •outlines its.
Intentions next' "Wednesday. • .*. • - -'
Mayor Schmltz. "I would suggest that
a single curved track only be operated
at this corner Instead of. two as laid
by the company. This would comply
with' the ordinance as to distance from;
the curb and would permit . of car
traffic." ' . '¦. '.'¦ '''¦;;.< ' •' r V
"I am not competent t©;Judge\of;.th3
mechanical points Invqlved," -answered:
Ford, "but will submit the matter .to
our- engineers, for. a report," • : ; • ; ¦"
It was then 'agreed to hold another
conference next Wednesday ".at 5 p. 'xii-,
when a solution* of the' problem will .be
arrived, at.- '¦.'.¦¦:• - "- '*. •¦¦ :' : '.".:•
SINGLE CURVE
IS PROPOSED
For that drowsy, tired feeling and loss
of appetite t her*, is nothing as good as
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
BUILDING STILL BRISK.— The Bureau of
Buildings Usued during September permits for
ICO new bulldinpa to cost $1,432,632 and fifty
permits for alterations, costing: $107,315. mak
ing a total of $1,539,847, as against $1,349,680
for August. The fees collected amounted to
$1S65 30.
along Lyon street and across Pacific
avenue in the direction of the Presidio.
She describes the man as about 5 feet
7 inches tall, medium build, light hair,
reddish mustache, 25 to 30 years of
age and wore a dark coat and vest,
light striped trousers and black derby
hat. Detective Silvey is working on
the case.
With Miss Burbank the game of love
seems to have been a little more seri
ous contest. Da Silva appears to have
held the winning hand. What" Mlss»
Burbank knows will be of value to the
secret service men. ' ; If she can be in
duced to believe that all has not been
exactly fair in Da Silva's professed
love for her, she may tell everything.
An important bit of news that trav
eled the corridors . yesterday was that
Miss Burbank is supposed to have in
formation that will make It unneces
sary for the Government officials to go
to much trouble in looking up' evidence
in the Far East 'to convict their-pris
oner. ' - ' ';;••'•:¦¦¦•" "' '-'
Upon a woman's whims and ca
prices rest important developments in
the case. The query is, will she remain
true to the man who once said, he wor
shiped her, or will she say "Re/enge
is sweet," and tell all she knows when
called upon to testify?
There is a mild current of comment
about the Federal building that tends
toward the discussion of the communi
cations and whispers of the letters that
were written to and by Da Sllya when
he was in Shanghai and Canton. Let
ters subsequently received by Da Silva
in San Francisco breathe of love, and
are said to show that the man was try
ing to gain information from Miss Bur
bank. He did not succeed in finding
out much of value, but it would be im
portant to show that he endeavored to
become possessed of official secrets. .
To return to. the Da Silva game of
hearts, there is one of his conquests
who has certainly refused to be hyp
notized. Furthermore, she is not cer
tain that his musical exploits are born
of the sort of harmony that- drives dull
care away and invokes a spirit of
adoration. During the execution of the
"Voice of Love," she says, cupid did
not come from behind the score and
fill a feminine heart with love-tipped
arrows from ¦which had been extracted
no modicum of sting. This particular
young lady in question is Miss Carmen
Navarrete, who resides at 928 Broad
way, .where she makes light of reports
of her deep affection -for Da Silva and
looks upon Irim and the world in gen
eral as a great joke.
"I repeat that I once liked Da Silva,
but if he is in love with . another
woman, that settles it with me. Life
is too short to both.er much over men
anyway," she said. by way of assur
ance that Svengali had not glared into
her big brown eyes. *Tm all for my
self when it comes to love matches.
Da Silva is out of my life and 1 am not
worrying." . . .
The inroads on Da Silva's affections
said to have been made by Miss Bur
bank do not worry Miss Carmen in the
least. She says that Da Silva loves*
music and so does she, but that he Is
not in it -with a real nice electric piano
v/hen 'it comes to , ragtime. • Guitars,
too, have their place, but not when its
foggy at North Beach. Love is only a
passing whim and that fades like the
colors on a Fourth- of July flag when
it, like momentary affection, is under
the weather.
Miss Carmen may have been one of
the young ladles that Da Silva had on
his visiting list, but one thing is cer~
tain, she knows little if anything about
the man's business relations with the
Government. So to the wings with this
dainty young girl who has played a
specialty In the half-breed interpre
ter's drama of hearts and passports. }
A GAME OF LOVE. <
THOSE MYSTERIOUS LETTERS:
No more sweethearts of H. I* Eca da
Silva have been discovered, but there
are . still rumors of others. ' The' tell
tale correspondence now In the ' hands
of the Government secret service men
refers here and there to two mysterious
women, but they wiH have no bearing
on the plans 'of the prosecution. The
case for the United States is almost
ready to present, .and Miss Agliiita
Burbank is the only woman who will
be a conspicuous figure in future de
velopment^.
Miss Burbank is a quiet, unassuming
young lady, and is not thought to be in
any way accountable for ,Da Silva' a
shortcomings, yet she will undoubtedly
be an important witness In Identifying
the letters that passed between her and
the ex-Interpreter. These epistles ; are
said to throw considerable light upon
the methods adopted by Da Sllvn to
secure inside information ' through the
unsuspecting stenographer.
Hypnotism is the fanciful side of the
Da. Silva stories. The employes of the
Chinese bureau do not think that the
strange . man who dotes on • femininity
could hypnotize anything more sus
ceptible than a simple-minded Chinese
who desires to cross the border into
the United States, and knows that it
costs money to do it.
There are several batches of the Da
Silva-Burbank letters which, It Is
thought, will assist In completing the
chain of evidence against the accused
man. The prosecution will not make
these letters public until it finds a
proper place for them in the testimony.
In the mantime Miss Burbank has been
instructed to have nothing to say re
garding the case'. She talks to Inter
viewers of superficial things only.
Epistles Said- to Contain
Much of Value in Fixing
Blame on the Accused
SOUGHT INFORMATION
What Did" Da Silva Write to
Miss Burbank About? The
Secret Service Knows
LOVE LETTERS
HOLD SECRETS
•¦ • • • • .. . ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, ; OCTOBER l; .1904.
16
The ordinary run of boys' i tJ^Sli I
clothes-don't last long under the K^^tt
''¦'¦ KeI youngsters' strenuous wear.'- ' liSKi
¦'¦ '¦'"¦'• ' W^^mSii \ ' 'Brown's clothes "are different ; ; |@ fe|
ttw I they'll go through the hardest |f .« »
Kraf i possible wear and still give the Pff tHI
'¦¦' BIH".- ••:¦'.'•¦• youngster a neat and dressy f:M p&
WH appearance. In fact, Brown's. pB Pi--
H^L^ clothes are as far' above all M »
M^K^ others in style and service as* M ,
7 -"' they are below them in prices. - . ¦ "
I 2-PfECft, 1; , ' YOUNG
SUITS ITOR^ SUITS
\\ -*/» r . T ' . * -' - "-' The latest tveaves and shades in tweeds and •
In fancy tweeds, . - ' ; ¦ •¦ : • , T . . Single and double
iomespmia: and .alsr> ; ¦ homespun?. Trousers- lined throughout. !Nor- ¦ brcast^ Fashioncd on
solid colorings for ¦. . folks are. always an -extremely popular- suit the seasDn ' s most pop-
dressy wear; Pants . with the youngsters on account of their chic ular and manly styles. •
lined thron^oat,^ : 6^^ years. '¦ " Serges, cheviots, fancy
;.B^;i;giijd.^-tf^^^ lk^.i]y:-:.z : i '-. •' • .' - • unfinished, worsteds in
stitched. These a.re ex- . '.'. ; ";-'¦; • tf» >% f\f% ¦' ' ' the prevailinK. shades—
tremely serv-iceable, yet ¦:.',. ;- \ : -. .;; -.. . : ¦- Up «U VI . . . many browns; also
neat suits. S to x6 . ¦-..;;. •.'.'. Upward ' . •' black thibets. 14 to 20
yeai^;.- .•¦¦:•;.{.;¦¦...,¦¦¦ •;•:.¦¦" : ;y ; --. ¦-.'• _:'. . __ ; . ¦ ; . .'years! .,.'
-- ';$V.obV- v:: '. : r:- . ;¦ -:-¦'.>/'¦. •'• : '" \ :"'¦'. ;- <• ¦ ¦ '$7.56
VUpward :| MILL TO MAN • Upward
Ten §16"5l8MAMCETSXMONTGokERV Ten
ADVKltTlSE>npyTS.
Bay City
Market
1132-1138 MARKET. 25-27-29 TtTEK ST.
Phone South. 13.
SPECIAL SALE
Every Saturday.
PBICES FOR TO-DAY:
FORE-QUARTERS SPRING *9
LAMB, p«r lb. £Q
HIND -QUARTERS SPRING \ f\
LAMB, per lb:... I UC
CHOICE ROAST BEEF, per f'#\
lb...., .:.::....'. 8c to 1UC
ROAST PORK (Corn Fed), per Q
CORNED BEEF (the Best), per r*
ib :.. OC
And All'Other Meats at Cut Prices.
Free Delivery to All Parts of the City.
Our Prices AM, TEE THIS are the
• .Lowest in the City.
We Handle Only the Best. Goods.
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
One-Third Off on Regal Instrument*, i
D. Ghirardelli's Chocolates and Cocoas ore of such
well-known excellence that, unprincipled parties have
. t • c deemed it, profitable to imitate them. We would
welcome fair business competitioa— our goods gain
/ by comparison; but, in order to protect, our patrons
||3 against, inferior substitutes we are impelled to expose
A this fraudulent, scheme to sell > cheap chocolate and
W cocoa on the strength of the prestige we have earned
through/fifty years' meritorious productions.
S« D W T^fc Suit* is pending against* the imitators, but, meanwhile
r 3\JrWJ Mm& the goods "are being circulated. It, is needless to
\^ comment, on the reliability of grocers who push
•IT jf M^l^?nft the?e fraudulent ' i mitations at> the expense of their
JE*-/f>fi \Jr\H? ELfjU? ! patrons, in order to secure the larger profit, which a
. worthless article can well afford to offer.
" The original and genuine Ground Chocolate and Cocoa is
packed by 'D. Ghirardelli. Insist upon getting it. Others
y^|[^?&L It will spread the warmth of economy : : jI^i^V^S^"^ ¦
<CaJ2!l T^ into scores of ne\v- homes • to-day /and \vi II /if f 3& "%^^s[--- ¦'¦'¦¦<¦ ::^
f^^Hl ' i£\ give many a deeper insight into the strength' III || » % ;^^Sfe?
\^tk t 9 "Sl/ an^ P ow ? r oJ tnis Hale cloak store, for ' ; ':¦ 79 ; il\M : %^^^ ;^
/// illl'lf At Their Best N ° w ihe "Woolie^ - ; . ' y^^^^^^t^--
' M\i% ' Coats : . for;;ChiIdren/vi-^^^K,;:;:
Present unusual opportunities to every moth- V ". \ \A |S®.^
\IB$$&1 er,_and to the Wooltex coats we have added ssss^a^^4- '¦
JmI| . Dresses and MaGkintbshe^ v '^&'Mfi^^--'A\
For the little women, so they can pet their _Jjt^ : '"''"' '"'''
whole winter outfit now; get it better and same.. ;. : ; ¦ .:;;¦: . :
Look at the coat in the picture ; what -a nobby, dressy style it is. When els^ have ybti seeci
$5.00 do so much? We doubt if you have seen $7.50 do more.- : ; • ¦ -V ; : .
"Wooltex" means all-wool material; not commercial all-wool, either, but pure wool. In every thread. "Wobltex"*
means that the best fitters are. employed, the best cutters and the best tailors.' means that every seam Is bound t&at
every stitch is carefully taken; means more styllfmore strength, more' qualtty than any other name stands for* ;
That's why. we brought his product to San Francisco and why it's winning a way soqulckly.. far San Francisco
women know style, and mothers know that they bad never seen anything like: these children's coats before? They're at
their best to-day. - . . ' • .-...''¦' . ', • .. ' -i. '¦ • -. : ' '. * ." ;
This $5.00 Coat Girls' Egresses, $2.56 ? il§ ¦¦i^ookitihU^; : '- : -'-- :V .'.
ivef SK S^hmere U £S ov^ S ' ' '^^M^M
brown or navy. P iVTA^ n* *«"" h " *?* S ' y " SK ' S^^woS "htefc^l
The brown ones are trimmed with tan as the ne^ fal1 « ults » re for women; < 16 at $2.25. If* off :flftje: tashmere.
broadcloth , and buttons. The navy . and as gracefully made: Trimmed .- . sfngle-breastea, with lntal<J . velvet
coats with cardinal. Ages 6 to 14 with brsrtd and buttons; . come* in collar and- large cape; 'Cdmes In tytu©
years, at $5.00. Other coats at $6.75 cardinal, navy and brown, for girls -oniy. It's lined with A fjinciy plaid.
' $7.50, $8.75 and of 6 to 14 years. $350. ' , We HoVt Rnaw when, we have had a.
At $10.00 a coat of mixed or tan ker- At $5^)0— A sailor, suit of jill-wool . . btttfe valu^ 6r. arrriore weicom* one.
sey, with capes and pleated back. serge, with insignia- en the sleeves We don't .know-when -it ts- going to
. trimmed with velvet and buttons. and front; this for girls of 6 to 12 rafniaeain and it's eood to be ore-
. Ages 6 to 14 years. . . . years. : .; ¦ ." -; • - > pared- : :-' -.- : : ¦ - f .- -. '^v . . '-
I New Hats for Girls
ry , • . , ¦ r -. x . . j ,~^ .¦-¦¦¦¦. Kexoieum, lye Jar
Hundreds out. to-day, first time : : _ •:._..-, ;.-
And especially at 95c, hats that are worth $2.00. . . :.^^l»^^B>%tiw^C^it;ptt»nft'
. Swell sailor styles with the new rolling brims, wider in front than those «rtjesoi the latter. . It shduld be r in
of last year. And then at 50c, some splendid white hats. Sep them on the- . everv'hnmp •'•' irip tar tnditf ¦ •
second floor to-day. ... „ y . '". ¦ : «V- , • Q , :
; ' ' . Hand ¦ Mirror's* :2.».e__A- 5peciaf bay.
600 men can buy 9 "77". '. — , •« , ~ 9 -Thiyi-haye^ rqs^wdad.backs, vvith
c« r\t\ cl! j. 1 ert, Bring the children to ..'¦
. $1.UU bntrtS.at 50C q__ r -i nf . n rp ty« v ' edge; .larger than those- we, nave;
Tf th.,r i ™ur ?,!/- ¦ ««. ,«;.,.• - e ualatea * O-^ay . : had in stock to sell at 25c. > •; ?
If they; only take one apiece. To see the wonderful statue talcum Powder; l^c box-Im-.
There isn't a man but will want two . ' :, ' nnrt^ri • tK^ : ta T>**£r- is
or three of them. that turns into a beautiful . f^^^f0^^§ J^
They're splendid negligee shirts. living ZVOman, then back ' Bathasweet, i?3c bbx-^-That dou-
madc from the last pieces off the .'¦ .-._¦. r' "K>#. = -i-ii». ¦ Tvi>^<i>i^'«. '^.« »u« u 1%.
bolts that were used to make $1.0.0 mto a statue again, and final- . . H? s ¦ ]$*? 5U ? oi the , ba A h -
shirts. And made every bit as good, . & ' _ . .-• . . We \vrll give you a sample biff
with double yoke, extension neck /v mto a beautiful OOUQUet .enough ".{6r hath free to-day
bahd and faced sleeves. * '/•<•» ' . . • Imrio'rted Perfumes 23c r»r fw
They're of Oxford cloth. In a of flowers. ' ?^i" f w- ?I-*-v T ° ~t>' C
beautiful line of stripes and figure '' Tm , . .., .., .V. Isle Of, V\ ight,. 471 1 Jane. Rose
patterns, sizes 14 to 18. Just half t ItS real, it S .mystifying, . and Other ¦ -pertuhies. '25c : -oz. in
price to-day. 50c each. I , .., ¦ , , ., . .¦ . • .-' : bulk : ' ¦ ' '. - ¦ ¦¦' ¦-• ¦-"'•'¦ ¦ ;' . • •
anditsivellivorth coming . ; ¦ ; DU * K - ¦¦-.-. _ • ¦. , ; - ;: . ; . . _. \--.l- : . -.-
.mm%^mm>^ m2EF mm%\ " ffWf. \-*Z&Sm f ' A*3P/ ' j^mmm^. AN
' • • lafgc in the afternoons. : •'¦ ... ... . — — r-r-**^ : » .;
Market Street, Near Sixth. 0 — : -— — -— — —^-^o \i : Market Street, Jfear Sixth; ¦;¦;
MARKS BROS.
CORSETSALE
THAT WILL KEEP THIS
DEPARTMENT BUSY.
Ask for any of our $1.25
CORSETS. In Any Leading
Style, Make or Shape.'
YOUR CHOICE TO-DAY,
$1.00
A Ribbon Sale
that certainly will be the Talk
. of San Francisco.
WASH Fancy Wash Ribbon
n inn dm In B° w Knots and
K I D D U H Polka Dot Effects;. 2*A
C— In - wide! all colors;
<^C a rare treat at 5c.
IMPORTED '"Ported Wash
ninnnil Ribbon in all Col-
h ID DUN ors; 4& in. wide;
|f| the 20c quality;
1UC special to-day 10c.
LACE COLLARS THAT WILL
BE SNAPPED UP AT
39c
Our New York Buyer secured by mere
chance a Lot of Imported Point Venise
LACE COLLARS— On Sale To-Day on Our
CENTER AISLE TABLES.
The 75c kind; SPECIAL TO-DAY 39c
WAI DI1Q Just received— Some
W A L 11 U 0 PARISIAN NOVEL TIES in
n BAGS, with Braided Han-
- R flh \ dies; come in brown, tan
u n U U ancf o i ack only . the kjnd
m mm . tnat set/ elsewhere for
A*i $1 - 75 - MARKS B Ros-'
«pi««r%# p r , CB ; -^ $1.45
// You're Looking-for Snaps Visit
Our Hosiery Dept To- Day
IMPRRTPn Women's Imported
IIYIrUnltU Ail-Over LACE LISLE
Ufi^F H0SE: ™ri*ty of rich
IIUUU lace effects to select
1C- from; the 50c kind
JJt 35c or 3 pairs for St.
Auto Veils 50c
We'll duplicate that veiling sale of a
week ago— CHIFFON AUTO VEILS. 3
yards long, in all colors; made with
neat hemstitched border. They're the
kind that sell elsewhere for $1.00.
MARKS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 MARKET STREET