ShJp Canal at Month of minois RItct
Will Be Begun as First
Step.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct 16.— To aid
their building fund the girls of Bryn
Mawr College have established a gro
cery at the institution. Miss Anna M-
Branson first thought of it last year
and has succeeded in having: a room
fitted up in the basement of the new
Rockefeller Hall. It is well stocked
and well patronized by the girls. The
honor system governs all transactions.
College Maidens Will a Store
to Aid Their Building
Fund.
THEIR JOKER DISCOVERED,
EGG TRUST IS SMASHED
DEEP WATER ROUTE WILL
JOIN ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO
GIRLS AT BRYN MAWR
ESTABLISH A GROCERY
NEW YORK. Oct. 16.— Sellers Mc-
Kee. the father of A. Hart McKee,
who sailed with Mrs. Hugh Tevis on
the White Star steamship Baltic on
September 30, said to-night he had
received cable dispatches from both
young persons in London, but neither
mentioned the report of their engage
ment.
"I don't believe they have become
engaged," said McKee.* "I am sure
they would have said something about
it if they had concluded to get mar
ried. I am satisfied that all talk of
their engagement is nonsense."
Says He Docs Not Believe His Son and
Mrs. Teris Are to Be
Married.
Both the District Attorney and his
deputy were out of town to-day and the
Intended action of the office toward
the boy cannot be learned at this time,
but it is believed that the boy will be
charged with murder.
The testimony at the inquest went
to show that when the boy was quar
reling with his sister because she had
liberated estray goats he had taken up.
he had a knife in his hand and. that
he made a threat that he would hurt
her and later told her that if she re
peated the offense he would kill her.
After she locked him out of the room,
the testimony show», he went to the
pantry and"got the shotgun with which
he killed the girl by shooting through
a window. ....
The boy said on the witness stand
that he did not know the gun was
loaded and only intended to frighten
his sister. • V~
REDDING. Oct. IS.— The Coroner's
jury that investigated the death of
Rosa Stowe, the seventeen-year-old
girl of Whiskytown who was shot and
killed by her brother. Lester Stowe,
aged 11 years, yesterday, would not
believe the boy's statement that the
shooting was accidental and returned
the following verdict:
"We find that Rosa Stowe came to
her death from a gunshot wound in
flicted by Lester Stowe and from the
testimony adduced we find him amen
able to the law and recommend to the
District Attorney that he proceed as he
sees fit-™ : : »>'"-H; J
McKEE'S FATHER CALLS TALK
OF ENGAGEMENT "NONSENSE"
CINCINNATI, Oct. 16. — Is a stolen
kiss worth S15.000?
This is a question which will have
to be decided by Federal Judge Coch
ran when his court convenes in Cov
ington, Ky., to-morrow.
Mrs. Grant Mitts, a blue grass so
ciety leader of Mason, Ky., thinks she
is entitled to that amount for a kiss
she declares was stolen last June by
J. B. Alexander, a friend of her hus
band, who made a friendly call while
the man of the house was not home
and she has brought suit.
As a result of the alleged larceny
she declares she is a nervous wreck
and has been subjected to much hu
miliation and notoriety.
Kentucky Society Leader Brings Suit
Against the Man Who Stole
It From Her.
wa:vts fifteen thousand
for a purloined kiss
Coroner's Jury Says Eleven-
Year-Old Lad Who Killed
Sister Is Amenable to Law
TALE OF BOY
NOT BELIEVED
LOS ANGELES. Oct. IS.— After *
burst of melody like a dying swan's
last song. Eric William Lundber?. a
Swedish fisherman and once a piano
student under the old European mas
ters, passed away suddenly In Santa
Monica. Lundberg. though long a rough
seafarer, had seen better days. Yester
day he seemingly had a premonition
that the end was near, and during his
last hours on earth, while death hov
ered over him, this aged unfortunata
sat in a music store In a crowded street
and drew from a piano such soulful,
sad and touching music as to cause
hundreds of passers to stop and listen,
enraptured and thrilled. He played as
nobody in the crowd had ever heard a
man play before, all the anguish of a
sad heart and weary soul pouring forth
as the Ivory keys yielded to the touch
of this strange, unkempt mortal's rough
hands. All the pent-up sorrow of a mis
spent life seemed to be released In one
glorious outburst of mournful. harmony.
For hours he played, and at 9 o'clock
at night left the piano with a sigh and
tottered away to an old barn, where a
few hours later his body wa3 found.
Lundberg was known all along the
coast.
Special Dispatch to Tfcs f^V
MUKDEN*. Saturday. Oct. 13 (with
ihs Ilussian army of the center).— After
fix days of th«* hardest kind of fighting,
this section of the Russian army fell
bark last night on the Shakhe River
and is now holding a position on the
north side of the stream. The fighting.
which commenced shortly after noon
«-n October 9, has been in progress con
tinuously ever since. On October 9 the
Russ-ians advanced to the southeast,
crossing the Shakhe River, thence to
Hamnatung. twenty miles southeast of
llukden and ten miles north of YentaL
On the hills around Hamnatung the
Japanese had planted four batteries.
Upon th«* advance of the Russians
thes«? batteries retired to the south
ward, across a narrow valley, which
runs east and west, and joined the
The fight continues near Shakhe and
the sound of guns can be heard plainly
here. The people of MukcJen. however,
art- not displaying great excitement.
SLAYS CHECK PURSUERS
Ger.era) Kuropatkin is personally di
rectirg his troops. This sustains the
men in their hope of success. How
*»v*r. there is no doubt the Russians
have sustained enormous losses.
The transportation of the wounded
to the railway is accomplished with the
cr^atest difficulty, owing to the rain
t^>d<J«n condition of the roads. On Sat
urday 6000 wounded arrived at the rail
v ay, were put on board cars and dis
patched toward the north.
The position of the opposing forces
continually changes, first one and then
another assuming the offensive, but
up to 10 o'clock of the night of October
14 neither had achieved a signal suc
cess. The main forces of the Japan
ese concentrated against the Russian
right, where Generals Kuroki and Nod
zu apparently were gathering the
wboSe of their forces. It Is stated that
Gtneral Nocizu had been seriously
wounded. It is as y*?t impossible to
say what has been the result of the
Japanese aggressive movement on the
southeast.
MUKDEN. Oct. 16. 9 p. m.-The fight
ceased along the whole east front on
October 15, but it continues furiously
en the southwest. There the cannon
ading never ceased for a moment on
October 15. The fight has now been
continuous for seven days.
EVANSVILLE. Ind., Oct. 16.— James
Sutton will be married in this city on
the night of October 30 to Miss New
man. It will be his fifth wedding. He
has been divorced four times, and all
his wives are alive. A few years ago
he wrote a book, entitled "The Ups and
Downs of a Young Married Man."
He has engaged a hall for the cere
mony, and will sell 20,000 tickets,
charging 25 cents, 35 cents and 50 cents
for admission. One hundred tickets
will be reserved for the newspaper men
of Evansville and points within fifty
miles of this city.
Sutton is 50 years old, and is well
known. He believes his enterprise will
be a financial success.
Special Dispatch to Tfca Call.
LastHours of Wasted
Life Are Spent
at Piano.
Indiana Man Thinks He Sees
Chance to Make Money Out
of His Fifth Marriage
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— A father will ap
pear in Judge Chetlain's court to-mor
row as an attorney for the defense in
a wife-murder case, in which his son
is to be on trial for his life. This
unusual situation is to be presented
in the trial of Victor Roland O'Shea.
the self-confessed slayer of his wife. At
torney P. Ni O'Shea is the father of the
defendant. For weeks he has been
mustering all the legal lore bearing on
the case that he could find. for. in ad
dition to the professional enthusiasm
of a lawyer for his client's Interest, he
has the additional desire of a father
to save his son from the gallows.
It is said that never before has a
father defended his son in a murder
trial in Cook County. In this case in
sanity will be the defense. The State
will ask for the death penalty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
As Attorney He Will Seek
to Save the Life of Self-
Confessed Wife Slayer
SELLS TICKETS
FOR WEDDING
MOURNFUL
NOTES TELL
SAD STORY
FATHER WILL
DEFEND SON
CHICAGO, Oct. 16.— Senatorial cour
tesy Is likely to be tossed to the dogs
when United States Senator Bacon of
Georgia and United States Senator A.
J. Hopkins of Illinois meet.
The Georgian has designated his
Northern colleague as a "lightweight —
the lightest man in the Senate." He
charges that the Illlnoisan has been
s& lacking in courtesy as to accuse
him (Senator Bacon) of being no bet
ter than a murderer.
To all of which Hopkins says "ab
surd."
Bacon is stumping the country for
th« Democratic National Committee
and in Elgin a day or two ago, where
Senator Hopkins had preceded him at
a Republican rally, he was Informed
the latter had warned the people
against him, charging he had been one
of six men to draw lots to see which
should shoot a white Republican, who
subsequently got his quietus.
Although the official account of the battle does not present the dis
astrous picture that many in St. Petersburg has resigned themselves to
see. the general feeling here is of the deepest gloom. If the battle has not
been Russia's Sedan, in fact, the moial and political effects could hardly
be worse. The result will render the war and its conduct more unpopular
than ever at home, while the greatest fears are expressed that the Chin
ese population, if not the Government, will be encouraged to abandon a
long doubtful neutrality and openly side in with the victorious Japanese.
From the military point of view the most bitter disappointment is in the
knowledge that the reverse seals the fate of the. heroic _ defenders of Port
Arthur, who are now without hope of succor from the outside world.
A remarkable feature throughout is the popular sympathy with General
Kuropatkin. Viceroy Al=xieff is again charged with responsibility for
Kuropatkin's attempt to take the aggressive. Pity rather than criticism
is awarded the ill starred general; but it Is felt among army officers that
the military prestige of the whole of: Russia has so suffered at his hands
that it is impossible that he can ever be given the chance to retrieve the
fllffitirtt 1 '
Thursday witnessed another furious cannonade, in which the whole of
the Russian center was forced back. In the afternoon of the same day
the Russian right, began to give way. Toward evening came a few hours*
lull, but at midnight the cannonading was renewed with increased fury,
eye witnesses declaring that it exceeded in Intensity that at Liaoyang
during the famous fighting of August 30 and August 31.
There was much desperate fighting on Friday, which was carried on
through a tremendous storm of rain, hail and thunder. General Kuropat
kin personally took command of the Petroff regiment. It was in the
midst of this awful war of man and the elements that the Russians, the Pet
roff regiment leading, for the last time charged doggedly into Shakhe and
took the town in the face of. the hottest Japanese bombardment.
The latest reports rrom the battle came on Sunday afternoon and even
ing, when the Russians were carrying on a heavy rear guard fight, evi
dently retiring on Mukden. Generals Oku and Nodzu were concentrating
for another blow on the Russian right, where the fighting is described as
having been furious. General Nodzu is reported to have been wounded
seriously, but this cannot be confirmed.
Mukden itself remains cuiet, though the sounds of battle are plainly
heard to the southward. The railway station is congested with trains of
wounded proceeding to Harbin. Tlu* hospital facilities are completely
overtaxed. Six thousand wounded arrived at Mukden on Saturday alone.
The heroic surgeons and nurses, many of whom have been without sleep
for thirty-six hours, are ready to drop from fatigue.
MEANS THE DOWNFALL OF KUR0PATIQN.
General Kuropatkin says that Friday night was passed in comparative
quiet, but that Saturday saw an immense cencentration of Japanese on the
Great Mandarin road, where the Russian batteries were vigorously playing
in an effort to hold them in check. The result of Saturday's fight has not
been officially given, but there is every evidence that it was one of the
most severe character.
It was during the Japanese furious night attack on "Wednesday, ac
cording to unofficial accounts, that the Russians lost their guns.
RUSSIAN CENTER AND RIGHT FORCED BACK.
Another serious fact that remains undetermined is the ammunition sup
ply. Seven days of furious fighting must have greatly depleted the supply
of both armies. Official circles express great confidence that General Kuro
patkin is the better off in this respect, but at last accounts the Japanese
were bombarding as if they were confident of an inexhaustible supply.
The official story of the battle says that the Japanese made a deter
mined effort to break the Russian center on Friday night, but this, it seems,
may be a clerical or telegraphic error for Thursday. Simultaneously the
Japanese launched a heavy assault against the village of Shakhe, which
had already been the scene of so many furious attacks and counter attacks.
The Russians were forced to evacuate the village, but heroically recaptured
the position. This brought reserves of both sides into action, but whether
the v.hole of the reserves of either side were engaged is not clear." In any
event the Russians were again and finally driven out, making five times
that Shakhe had changed hands in the course of the battle. The Russians
then retired to a new position north of Shakhe.
Of the left flank, which was one of the most important points in the
line, absolutely nothing ie heard, which leaves the inference that it is not
in a position to communicate with the remainder of the army.
All the wounded are being carried to Harbin, farther north.
It is understood that the correspondents also have been ordered to Har
bin, which indicates that the retreat will not even stop at Tie Pass. All
hopes of the world-heralded advance to Port Arthur have been abandoned.
The weather conditions are even worse than during the retreat from
Liaoyang. Streams are bank-high and fords are impassable, but it is im
possible to say how this will affect the final situation. It may prove Rus
sia's salvation by preventing a Japanese pursuit. On the other hand, how
ever, if the Russians are on the wrong side, the flooded rivers may only
emphasize the completeness of the disaster.
AMMUNITION SUPPLY MAY BE DEPLETED.
General Kuropatkin's story leaves the Russians still tenaciously holding
the north bank of the Shakhe River, but the general belief is that this is
only the finale of one of the greatest military dramas of history and the
Russian army as a whole is retiring toward Mukden, having suffered at the
most conservative estimate a loss of more than 30,000.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. IT. 3:45 a. m.— The official veil was lifted to
day from the ghastly tragedy around Shakhe, but even the official account,
supplemented by numerous press dispatches. leaves much uncertainty. as, to
the situation. Oat of the fragmentary mass of Information at" 'hand'itr*'isr
possible only to conclude that the costly withdrawal and retreat from Liao
yang is being duplicated upon an even grander scale, after more desperate
and heavier loss.
Czar to Abandon Manchuria;
Kuropatkin Will Be Retired
fighting line have already changed
hands ten times. It is impossible
to say how long the contest will
continue before one side or the
other is worn out.
As this dispatch is being fin
ished the sound of increasing can
nonading from the center indi
cates that something unusual is
happening. The correspondent is
leaving for the front" to ascertain
the cause.
After the last evacuation of the
village by the Russians the Jap
anese failed in an attempt to re
occupv it. and now the village is
held by the Russian infantry.
There is every indication that
the Russian right flank is about
to resume the offensive and re
occupy the position held by it on
October 10 and n. The Jap
anese resistance is growing
•weaker and they are apparently
preparing to evacuate.
Toward the east and center the
Japanese are more stubborn and
are showing more resistance.
Some of the positions on the
MUKDEN, Oct. 16. 10 p. m.
Shakhe is a^ain in the hands of
the Russians.
Estimate* of the losses* in the first
six day* of the battle of the Sakhe
place the total at more than 70.000
killed and wounded. The Russian
looses exceed 40.000 men and it is
probable that those of the Japanese
will not fall far short of 30.000. Ten
thousand Russian dead were left on
the field.
Middaugh was 24 years of age. He
leaves a wife and child. Whitmaugh
Is a few years older.
CLARINDA, Iowa, Oct- 16.— A duel
with knives between two young farm
ers yesterday ended in the death of
one of the combatants and the arrest
of the other on a charge of murder.
Fenton Whitmaugh and Charles Mid
daugh had a quarrel arising out of a
small business deal and they agreed
to settle the dispute in a fight. With
a half dozen companions they drove
at midnight in Middaugh's carriage to
the cemetery and' Whitmaugh was
given the choice of weapons. Middaugh
had brought a revolver, which was
taken from him by his companions.
Whitmaugh selected pocket knives.
The men entered the ring and im
mediately clinched. Within a half min
ute Middaugh had received three bad
gashes, one of which severed the cla
vian artery- He died in five minutes.
The Coroner's jury to-day found that
Middaugh came to his death from a
knife wound in thai ceclc inflicted .by,
Whkmauglj: *> „.-
Whitmaugh is inithe County JaiL It
Is said he has confessed to bis part in
the affair. \ .
Special Dispatch, to The CalL
William Schmitz, a painter living at
741 O'Farrell street, was robbed of over
$11,000 in gold coin last Wednesday
night. He reported the robbery to the
police as soon as he discovered it and
Captain Burnett set his detectives to
work en the case. Schmitz's son,
George "W., was placed under arrest
on suspicion of having stolen the coin
and is being detained in the '"tanks"
at the City Prison, but he denies that
he knows anything about the stolen
coin.
Schmitz told the police that he had
kept the coin in a crock in a secret
place in the house. The money had
been in his possession for ten years.
He has no- belief in the stability of
banks and flattered himself that the
Coin was much safer in the crock than
in the vault of a bank.
The old man suspects no one but his
son, who. he says, knew where the
crock containing the money was hid
.den.,-.Xh«^ detectives on the. case, are
under the" Impression" -if 1hV sorf
was the thief he had a confederate and
they are working on that theory.
Places the son has been in the habit of
frequenting have been searched, but no
trace of the money has so far been
found.
Though the elder Schmitz is certain
that his son is the thief he said last
night that he would not prosecute
George. The old man is on the verge
of a nervous collapse because of the
loss of the money, which represents
the greater part of the savings of a
lifetime.
Woman Widowed-; and Child Left
Fatherless by the Victor's
Fatal Thrust.
Son of Victim, Arrested on His
Father's Accusation, Denies Any
Knowledge of the Money.
Kuropatkin Holding
His Pursuers
at Bay.
William Scbmltz, Painter,
Finds His Hoard Stolen
Prom Hiding Place.
Quick Ending ol Combat
Arising Out ol Busi
ness Dispute.
MUKDEN, Oct. 17. — The battle was renewed and con
tinued throughout the night, being especially heavy at mid
night. The Russians retain their position along the Shakhe
River and have made frequent attacks upon the Japanese,
capturing six of the latter's guns. The eastern army is help-'
ing the western forces. There has been very heavy artillery
tire to-day. The fighting is now centered on the plain.
M UKDEX, Oct. 16.— There was a hill in the battle yes
terday, but fighting was conti nued to-day on the right. The
army is southwest of here, ten miles. It is now certain that
the army will be able to extricate itself. The losses amount, to
at least 30,000. It ha? been a bigger battle than Liaoyang.
The Russians are attacking o n the right to-day.
LIBAU, Oct 16. — The Baltic squadron put to sea at 1
o'clock this morning. A Copenhagen dispatch says the Bal
tic squadron passed Bournhoim Island in two sections. It com
prised a total of six battleships, eleven cruisers and numer
ous smaller craft and was going northeast.
Russians Capture Six Guns
Ten Thousand Rus
sian Dead Left
on Field.
Farmers Fight With
Knives and One
IsDead.
Distrustful Artisan
Loses $11,000 He
Secreted.
AWFUL SLAUGHTER CONTINUES
UNCHECKED ON FIGHTING LINE
HIS CROCK
PROVES A
POOR BANK
CEMETERY
THE SCENE
OF A DUEL
Senatorial Courtesy Is Forgotten
Bacon oj Georgia Says Hopkins of
Illinois Is a "Lightweight"
MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES PEXATE. FROM ILLINOIS AND GEORGIA.
RESPECTIVELY. WHOSE BITTER EXCHANGE OF PERSONALITIES IS ONE
OF THE SIDE I3SCES OF THE PRESENT CAMPAIGN.
Continued to Paze 2, Column I.
NEW YORK. Oct. 16. — Brigadier
General- William Scott Worth. U. S. A.
(retired). Is dead at Clinton. Staten
Island, after a loo? illness, aged 64
years.
General - Worth Passes Away.
WALMER. CASTLE, Kent, England,
Oct. 16.— A bulletin issued to-nfght
announced the continued improvement
of Lady Curzon. She was this.after
nooon removed -to Walmer Palace, a
house in the vicinity of Walmer Castle,
where it was ¦ intended ' to remove* her
before the last relapse.
Lady Curzon Improving Daily.
The independent egg dealers laid a
complaint before the Interstate Com
merce Commission and the railroads
have refused to carry eggs out of their
class as a result.
THE TrrATHER.H{
Forecast mad* at Sltf iFraT.etoeo /or.
;fe:£f €p&* tn<Jps _P?l.. I":
Sui Frin^sco X^lf trCJpItja-U^ir
M' tiday. ¦ ct!Ett*K»»«i-aarzs^_J[re*h_jJorth
er!y mind. ".' '•""* -«
O. H. WIIXSON. I>ccal Forecaster,
TeeaDorartly ia Charts.
VOLUME XCVl— NO. 139.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1904.
THE THEATEKS^lfo i|
ALCAZAR— -'"The Way'o* U* WptSd.l
| ALHAM^RAr-VlwCtB4Bd.i Mf ''
iXlATCnstx— "A Texas Ste«r."
CEXTP Al^ 1 ;D»y, Credk* itti '-!
CpLWJIBrA— "Sik Toy." * J
| CHUTES — T '«Ti-TttTr "ijiir^^"*******
, ,FI3CHER*S-i-'"t)own the Line."
GRAXD- "Arizona."
MAJESTIC— "A Japanese Nightingale"'
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "Der Rastelbinder."
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
70,000 MEN FALL IN THE BATTLE OF SHAKHE RIVER
PITTSBURG, Oct. 16.— The refusal
of the railroads to carry stored eggs
has practically smashed the egg trust.
Since the Armours, Swifts and other
Western packing-houses have been
storing eggs during the summer for
winter sale dealers have had to go
to these packers for eggs. The West
erners have been shipping eggs as
meat and getting a lower freight rate
by one-half. The railroads, it is al
leged, have been winking at this dis
crimination.
Chicago Packers Had Been Shipping
Stored Cases as Meat, Thereby
Securing: Low Rates.
By order of the War Department
the' Mississippi River Commission has
caused to be made surveys, plans and
specifications for the S U.Louis-Alton
canal and these will t>e finally formu
lated at a meeting of the commission
to be held in St. Louis on Novem
ber 10.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 1«. — The first posi
tive step taken in connection with a
deep crater route between St. Louis
and Chicago is the building of a. ship
canal at the mouth of the Illinois
River. The canal wilr be a fourteen
foot channel and will supersede all
plans and schemes which have here
tofore been proposed and submitted
as a means of solving the navigation
problem in the Mississippi and Illinois
rivers.rode to Lahabra for. help. She insist
ed on accompanying a physician back
to the scene of the accident. ' After her
unconscious companion had been lifted
into the vehicle she fainted.
Hopes are entertained for the recov-
NEW WESTMINSTER. B. C, Oct.
16.— A dispatch s*ays' that', thirty fami
lies at White Horse are afflicted with
diphtheria. Several deaths are report
ed. There are no doctors to administer
to the needs of the sick. The unaffect
ed portion of the population is quitting
the town.
Diphtheria -at White norse.
Art Treasures Injured by Rain.
ROME, .Oct. 16. — The Minister of
Instruction has taken steps to repair
the damage caused by heavy rain to
the enormous Cathedral of Assiz. Giol
lt's frescoes and other notable art
treasures were injured by the rain
Chinese Becoming Restless.
LONDON. Oct. 17. — Bennett Bur
leigh reports from Shanghai to the
Daily Telegraph that the Chinese are
becoming restless and anxious to at
tack the Russians.
Miss Gray thought him dead. In
stead of fainting she dragged herself
to the top of the hill and attracted a
passing herder, a Frenchman- He
could not understand her story, so she
dragged herself on his horse .. and
Young Seaman and Miss Gray went
buggy riding this morning from "Whit
tier. They drove to the heights beyond
Lahabra for the view. In descending
the horse slipped and fell, breaking
the harness and throwing the girl out
of the carriage. While the horse
kicked her frantically, young Seaman
leaped to her assistance. He was kick
ed in the cheat and spine and rendered
unconscious. % , • -
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 16.— With her
thigh fractured and her leg broken
below the knee JesBie Gray, a school
girl aged 19, dragged herself, on a
sheep herder's horse and rode two miles
to the village of Lahabra to seek help
for her friend, Charles Seaman, aged
19, who lay unconscious by the road
side, having been kicked by the same
horse that came near ending the girl's
life. -¦¦. - :.:;. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEXICO CITY, Oct. 16.— The Pan-
American Railroad has passed into the
hands of a St.* Louis syndicate, the new
shareholders being nearly "all railroad
men. David H. Doak of St. Louis is the
new president and J. M. Neenan, for
merly general manager, has been pro
moted to the vice presidency of the
road. Among the shareholders is How
ard Elliott, president of the Northern
Pacific Railroad.
The 200 kilometres of the Pan-Ameri
can Railroad now completed will be
opened to traffic on November 1. The
finished portion of the line extends from
the station of San Geronimo, on the
Tehuantepec National Railroad, to the
port of Tonola, in the state of Chiapas.
Work will be begun to-morrow on the
extension of the line to Guatemala.
Finished Portion Soon to Be Opened
and Work Bejrun at Once
on Extension.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 16.— The two
year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F.
B. Kins: of Redlands, while at play in
the yard of her parents' home, plucked
an ember from a smoldering bonfire.
A moment later the child's dress was
enveloped in flames. The mother, at
tracted by her screams, extinguished
the fire with a blanket. The child died
this morning after. a night of fearful
agony. The mother, who held the burn
ed infant in her arms all night, is
in a state of prostration that the doc
tors fear may destroy her reason.
Mother's Heroism Falls to Save Little
One Who Played With
GIRL DISPLAYS
SPARTAN GRIT
FEARFUL DEATH OF CHILD
MAY WRECK PARENT'S MIND
MUKDEN (Saturday), Oct. 15.— The
blow directed by the Japanese against
the Russian center on October 11 was
heroically repulsed by the troops of
Generals Zaroubaleff and Meyendorff.
The night attack against the Novotch
kerkask Regiment,' and the lack of
success attending it, forced the Japan
ese, on October 12, to transfer the
weight of their attack to the Russian
right flank.
Personally Commands the Petroff
Regiment In an Assault.
KUROPATKIN ON FIRING LINE
Japanese Diff a Canal.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 16. — It is
announced that the Japanese have
constructed a canal joining the Taitse
and Hun rivers, facilitating transpor
tation from Ylnkow to Sianchlan,
thirty-three miles southeast of Muk
den.
"I believe the world will recoil from
the sickening slaughter of this battle
Every interest of humanity demands
the adjustment of the differences be
tween the two nations and the proc
lamation of peace. The situation be
tween the two belligerents Is a deli
cate one, but what a splendid tri
umph for diplomacy it would be if
peace could b2 arranged. It seems to
me that the question of honor Is no
longer involved. If Russia feels that
such a question is involved, surely the
heroic and successful defense of Port
Arthur and the valor shown by Rus
sia's sons on the fields of Manchuria
should forever determine the quality
of Russian courage. Russia should
remember that the distance dividing
her strength and the limitations of
her railway are historical factors in
this war. These factors are generally
known. They are appreciated by
everybody and are not looked upon as
faults."
The preliminary reports indicate
that about 60,000 men of both sides
have been either killed or wounded
(the larger number of them being
Russians) since the armies of the two
belligerents closed in combat.
Even the Japanese, to whom the
great victory is of paramount im
portance, seem to be shocked by the
slaughter of their enemies. The Jap
anese people are receiving the news
from the field of battle calmly, and
there can be heard no shouts in the
streets proclaiming the victory of their
nation. Few flags are displayed. Prob
ably later on there will be a proces
sion with the consequent jollification,
but there are *"»«ird many expressions
of opinion that no demonstration of
any kind should be held. A promi
nent Japanese said to-day:
"We have won a sweeping and a
decisive victory, which may prove to
be the salvation of our country's ex
istence; but we regret both our own
losses and the terrible slaughter which
our forces have inflicted on the enemy.
We regret still more the necessity
which forced us to engage in this
war."
A member of the diplomatic corps
said:
TOKIO, Oct. 16. 6 p. m. — There is
a strong appeal for peace In the ap
p&lling tragedy which Is now under
enactment in Manchuria. Both ar
mies have fought ferociously for a
week and desperate fighting continues.
It is probable that the death roll will
be largely increased before the final
shot is fired.
Belief That Russia Should Now Aeree
to Reasonable Terras.
PEACE TALK IN TOKIO.
The Japanese had apparently
brought ud reserves and were concen
trating an enormous force against the
Russians. In the evening the Japanese
advanced in overwhelming numbers,
forcing the Russians to retire.
The whole hospital staff is display-
Ing the greatest courage and 'fortitude,
working night and day. Many, after
working seemingly to the limit of
human endurance, have gone to the
front to continue their labor under
fire, replacing those incapacitated on
the firing line. ,
Every road converging on Mukden
Is crowded with vehicles, transporting
the wounded, who are being sent north
by wagon road as well as by rail. The
result of to-day's fighting is uncertain.
MUKDEN, Saturdav, Oct. 15.— This
morning the Russian right wing took
the aggressive. The Vellklluga regi
ment led a brilliant attack against the
Japanese positions, all the troops
fighting with the courage and stead
fastness exhibited the first dav of the
battle.
Attack Japanese Positions, but Are
Coni|H.'Iled to Retire.
SLAVS TAKE THE AGGRESSIVE.
TOKIO. Oct. 17. 9:30 a. m. — It is
authoritatively reported that the Rus
sian fleet at Port Arthur is suffering
severely from the fire of the Japanese
land batteries.
Shells Reaoh Russian Fleet.
LONDON. Oct. 17. — According to
the Standard's Tokio correspondent,
the Russians are being hard pressed
over the Hun River and are retreating
partly on Mukden and partly on
Fushan.
«
Russians Driven Across the Hun.
MUKDEN, Oct. 16. 4 p. m. — The
Russians were engaged to-day in a
heavy rear-guard action southwest of
Shakhe. The Japanese, who are in
enormous force, have a great ad
vantage in knowing the topography of
the country. They evince desperate
courage. They have suffered terrible
losses, but bear them with perfect
equanimity. Their energy seems un
bounded, and they continue the ag
gressive unceasingly.
Nippon's Warriors Are Tireless.
ROME, Oct. 16. — News has reached
relatives of Don Jaime, son of Don
Carlos, the pretender to the Spanish
throne, that he has been injured by a
fall from his horse at Russian head
quarters in Manchuria. The last word
received from Don Jaime was a pen
ciled note to his sister. Princess Be
atrice, dated at Vladivostok, and it is
inferred that since that note was writ
ten Don Jaime had returned to head
quartern.
Don Jaime Injured by a Fall.
"The night of October 14 passed
quietly. Before 9 o'clock this morn
ing a rather marked movement of the
enemy was noticed in the direction
of our positions on the great Man
darin road. Our batteries opened fire
on them. I have received a report
from the commander of the left wing
that the enemy has been strongly re
inforced there.
"As was the case at Liaoyang. the
heavy firing caused a storm to burst
forth*, followed by a torrential rain.
The roads are in very bad condition
and the level of the rivers has risen.
"The general order for all troops
remains the same as before, to offer
most resolute resistance. I have just
received a report that a considerable
Japanese force has crossed the rail
way line from west to east."
KUROKI REINFORCED.
"On our right wini" the position was
for some time very alarming. The
troops were attacked from the front
and by a turning movement on their
right flank. The chief of a detach
ment advanced the troops set apart
for a last rally, they having attacked
the Japanese from the flank in their
turn. Several villages were retaken
by us. The right wing maintained its
positions on the line of the Shakhe po
sitions. The troops on our center
were noticeably advanced in com
parison, with other troops in the gen
eral position of the line. One position
on our right flank had been chosen
beforehand and partially fortified.
"Our troops have been fighting for
four days and many regiments have
not slept for three nights. Neverthe
less, I have full confidence In their
capacity to continue the struggle. The
Japanese losses must be very consid
erable.
"Reinforced by reserves, the Jap
anese dislodged us again from the vil
lage of Shakhe. Then the advanced
reserves and troops defending the po
sition resumed the offensive and after
a stubborn fight we succeeded in re
occupying Shakhe. repulsing the Jap
anese and driving them back two kilo
meters from that place.
RIGHT WING IN' PERIL.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 16. — Un
der date of October 15. General Kuro
patkin sent the following telegram to
the Emperor:
"On the night of October 14 large
forces of Japanese attacked the corps
drawn up jn line at Shakhe, on the
great Mandarin road. Several attacks
were repulsed, but the last succeeded
and the corps was broken. At that
moment fighting was begun on the
right flank with a neighboring sec
tion. The possibility was that, with
the rupture of our center, our whole
formation would be threatened and
that the neighboring troops might
force a retreat. In order to support
the troops on the great Mandarin
road several battalions were rapidly
pushed forward. The troops were
thus enabled to take the offensive and
succeeded in retaking the village of
Shakhe, reoccupying the first posi
tions.
"The prisoners declared that the war
would continue a long time, because
the Russians had decided to attain a
final victory, regardless of the losses
which might be involved, as otherwise
a defeat would mean a general revolu
tion and the disintegration of Russian
territory.
"During one engagement the Thir
ty-seven division, especially the First
Brigade, sustained extraordinary losses.
The first company of One Hundred and
Forty-fifth Regiment was annihilated
on Sankualhsi Mountain and many
line officers were killed, wounded or
captured. The Third Siberian reserve
division sustained the greatest loss.
"At the beginning of the war the
Russian regiments numbered 4000
men each. After the battle of Liao
yang each of the regiments was re
duced to a strength of about 2500,
with the exception of the Twelfth
Regiment, which, as a result of this
battle, was reduced to 800. This regi
ment, after the battle, was command
ed by a captain, the battalions being
in command of sub-lieutenants, while
the older privates directed the opera
tions of its companies."
"General Linevitch, commanding the
field fighting force in the Ossouri dis
trict, was taking p. devious road from
the east and', advancing -toward • the
southeast of Liaoyang, for the purpose
o? threatening the line of a possible
Japanese retreat. General Mistchenke,
commanding six regiments of dra
goons, operated on Linevitch's right.
"The center column was disposed as
follows: The First Corps on the right,
the Fourth Corps on the left and the
Fifth Corps in rear of the center. The
Fourth Corps consisted of the First
and Fourth Siberian reserve division.
Four batteries of quick-firing guns
were attached to each division.
"Acting under this command General
Kuropatkin advanced with his whole
strength to the south of Mukden, divid
ing his forces into three columns— the
center, the right and the left.
"The center column, composed of the
First, Fourth and Fifth corps, under
the command of General Soloieff, ad
vanced toward Tungshankou and Lln
hua Mountain. The left column, which
was composed of two corps under Gen
eral Stakelberg, advanced against the
Japanese right. The right column,
which was composed of three corps, ad
vanced against the Japanese left. Be
sides these thore was one corps held in
reserve, which was following the cen
ter column.
TOKIO, Oct. 16.— According to state
ments made by Russian prisoners. Gen
eral Kuropatkin was ordered by Em
peror Nicholas to make a stand at Muk
den and to assume the aggressive as
speedily as possible In order to relieve
the Port Arthur garrison. This order,
the prisoners say, reached Mukden on
September 27, and General Kuropatkin
in obedience to it began his disastrous
southern advance movement. An ex
tended report dealing with the state
ments of these prisoners follows:
"According to statements made to of-
I>risoners , the enemy had received in
flcers of the center army by Russian
formation that the strength of the gar
rison at Port Arthur was being dally
reduced and that the garrison was in a
disastrous condition. Fresh Russian re
inforcements were .constantly arriving
in Manchuria from Europe, and the
strength of the forces under Genera;
Kuropatkin in the neighborhood of
Mukden had reached more than nine
army corps. Thereupon, the prisoners
said, the Russian Emperor on Septem
ber 27 ordered Kuronatkin not to retire
a step beyond Mukden, and directed
him, circumstances permitting, to as
sume the offensive as quickly as possi
ble and to drive the Japanese out of
Southern Manchuria in order to rescue
the Port Arthur garrison.
Russian I*rlsoncrs Say Nicholas Per
emptorily Ordered Advance.
CZAR BLAMED FOR ROUT.
Army Fighting Dog
gedly to Prevent
Annihilation.
The fighting recommenced at daylight
to-day. The thunder of guns is dis
tinctly heard in Mukden. The whota
Russian army is slowly retiring: antl
fighting every Inch of the way. When
the writer came north to-day then*
appeared no danger of any part of
the Russian army being cut off.
In an informal talk which the writer
had with General Kuropatkin in th •
held just before the battle commenced,
he spoke in glowing terms of the brav
ery of the Japanese, saying that they
were a gallant fop. and also that the\
were most correct in the observance n?
the rules of war. In this respect. h»
said, it was the most pleasant war h<^
had ever been engaged in.
Another thunderstorm broke shortly
after noon, flooding the streams and
turning the roads into seas and by
evening the main Russian force had
withdrawn across the Shakhe River.
Japanese shells were dropping within
a short distance of the river on th>
left.
The morning of the 13th found the
Russians with their backs to the
Shakhe River, across which the trans
port had been withdrawn during the
night. Fighting continued from these
positions all during the day of the 14th.
while the Russian reinforcements took
up positions on the hills to the north
of the river.
The thunder and rain continued
through the morning of the 13th.
Notwithstanding this, the guns opened
fire promptly at daylight. The Rus
sians fought stubbornly, but retired
slowly. The Japanese continued to
threaten the Russian left. Toward
evening the Japanese opened with all
their guns on the Russian positions,
the shells dropping like hail in the
field and on the hills.
Additional guns were sent forward
to protect the left, while the batteries
withdrew across the plains to the hills
on the north side. This gave the Jap
anese possession of a high hill on the
south side, from which they shelled
the valley through which the Rus
sians had advanced during the even
ing. The Japanese apparently suf
fered greatlv from the Russian fire.
The morning of the 12th found lit
tle change in the positions of the two
armies, except that the Japanese had
worked further around to the left.
Probably the greatest artillery fight of
the battle took place on October 12.
Batteries were placed on every avail
able hill and at the same time regi
ment after regiment of infantry was
poured Into the plain by both sides,
only to be thrown back shattered and
torn.
It is impossible as yet to estimate
the loss of life.
During the night a heavy rainstorm,
occurred, in the midst of which the
artillery continued to boom, and at
one point the Japanese infantry
charged. It was met by Russian in
fantrymen in the darkness, which was
lightened only by the flashes of the
guns, the bursting of sheila and tho
streaks of lightning. The men fought
hand to hand, the Japanese regiment
finally being driven back.
RUSSIAN'S RETIRE SLOWLY.
main Japanese force on the hills be
yond. In the fighting around Hamna
tung a few Japanese prisoners were
taken. _
The Russians followed the Japanese
across the valley, taking positions in
the foothills, from which the artillery
shelled the Japanese force, while the
infantry advanced through the denies.
On October 10 the artillery duel con
tinued, the Russians advancing slowly.
During the night the Japanese changed
their positions and at daylight en
filaded the Russian trenches, pouring a
terrific shrapnel fire on the infantry,
composed of one regiment, tmly a rem
nant of which was left.
From this on the Japanese took the
offensive the entire day of the 11th,
throwing shrapnel and Shlmose powder
shells among the infantry and artillery.
The Russians held tenaciously to their
positions.
KUICOKTS FLAXKIXG MOVEMENT.
Early in the day the Japanese cum
menced to work around the Russian
left and succeeded in dropping a few
shells on the road and in the villages
where the transport and reserves were
gathered. The Japanese had the range
of the road and village perfectly. They
compelled the men and wagons to take
to the fields. This shelling did little
damage, beyond disconcerting the men
and horses.
"The main force of the right army,
•v.nich had already occupied Chouchia
fun Heights, reached a point on the
Fh&khe River, but one division of the
enemy continues to oJTer a stubborn
resistance. The center army has reach
ed its objective and has been heavily
engaged since the morning of October
Ji. On the morning of October 15 the
enemy in front of the left army contin
ued holding his positions north of Sha
h<~ipo and offered a strong resistance
"Th« center column is engaged in
taking Shahopo and the main body of
the right column is advancing against
3>amuntun and is attacking that po
sition. The enemy has six batteries
between Shahopo and Sugangtai, which
ptc vigorously shelling the attacking
column and our position at Linchionpo,
but the bombardment is not strong
er.ough to prevent our advance. On Oc
tober 11 the left column of the center
army lost 1X1 killed and wounded.
"The casualties to ourselves and the
TJussians and the number of trophies
Reports dispatched late yesterday
from the field are in the following
chronological order:
Fragmentary reports of Japanese cas
ualties are coming in. General Oku up
to and including October 14 lost 3500
men. Estimates of the total Japanese
losses are not possible, but they are
Email in comparison with the frightful
losses of the Russians.
Reports of the great battle continue
to arrive from the front. The most
striking feature is the terrible record
of Russian dead. Before the sever*
Eghttag of October 14 General Oku's
army alone buried 2000, making the
totai number of Russians buried by the
Japanese, with Xodzu's army still to
liear from, 6500. Applying the usual
calculation and making reasonable al
lowance for the fighting of the 14th and
JSth, the Russian losses exceed 40,000.
TOKJO. Oct. 16.— Field Marshal Oya
jna estimates the Russian dead left on
the field, including the fighting of the
lith, at more than 10,000.
A telegram received from the Man
churlan headquarters late to-day re
ports that the fighting- has ceased on
tfce front of the ri^ht and center arcn
ies, but that it continues before the left
army. The report is as follows:
"The front of the right and center
armies h<s_s become quiet, but on the
Iront of the left army fierce cannonad
ing continues. In the direction of Llta-
Jentun the enemy is inactive. Our force
under General Tamada captured one
gun and two ammunition wagon9 dur
ing the attack on the heights of San
lackantrtru on the night of October 15."
Dispatches from Field Marshal Oya
raa officially designate the entire en
gagement since October 10 as the here
tofore qnnamftd "Battle of the Shakhe
ElTer."
APPAMJNG RUSSIAX 1 jOSSES.
"There are some forces of the enemy
on the right bank of the Shakhe River,
In front of the main strength of the
right and center armies, but no batt'.e
on a great scale has occurred. The
forces of the enemy at Shahopo and
Lamuntun facing the left army have
t>een offering a stubborn resistance, but
have been disfodged and their posi
tions hare been captured. On the aft
ernoon of October 15 a force of the
enemy appeared near Santaokangtzu
and continued to offer resistance until
sundown, portions of our center and
left armies engaging them."
captured by the left army follows : Dur
ing the five days, from October 10 to
October 14 Inclusive, our losses were
about 2500 killed and wounded, officers
Included. During the four days from
October 10 to October 13 the number
of corpses left by the enemy and buried
by us reached 2000. The enemy's dead
after the battle of October 14 were
very numerous. The prisoners taken
numbered eighty. The principal tro
r.bfes were thirty guns and many rifles,
uniforms and accoutrements. The lat
ter are still uncounted.
Confident He Can
Hold Japanese
in Check.
Japanese Commander Reports His
Losses Small as Compared With
Those of the Army He Defeated
The roads are filled with wounded,
who are collecting along the railway,
where just now there are no trains
to receive them. Many of the wound
ed remained in the fields until after
dark, lying in the deep mud.
Chargers were seen careering: rider
less and draught horses were plunging
In the mud with carts and other ve
hicles that have been almost de
stroyed. The forces at this point
were holding their positions at night
fall.
a double-quick movement, ' were
brought ±o a walk by shouts from the
headquarters staff that "Headquarters
stands firm."
Amidst the storm the wounded, wet
and cold, arrived either in litters or
on foot, struggling through the mud,
while at the same time the artillery
was seen flashing with an expenditure
of ammunition which seemed beyond
all reckoning.
Ammunition trains and transport
wagons, which had been alarmed into
ST. LOUIS SYNDICATE BUYS
PAN-AMERICAN RAILROAD
Japanese artillerv sent one bomb
Into a village behind the Russian
headquarters at noon and some hours
later began to shell with lyddite from
the west.
A storm of rain and hail broke at
noon, culminating at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon, when numbers of wounded
from the trenches were seen passing
the Russian headquarters.
The scene is now dramatic In the
extreme.
The Russian guns, from a position
across the railway, rained shells un
brokenly for twelve hours, drowning
the noisey fusillading in the trenches
east and west.
PLIGHT OF TOE WOUNDED.
The forces east of the railway con
tinued to fall back to-day, though the
Japanese butteries in their direction
almost ceased their fire from 8 o'clock
this morning, giving the impression
that they had been silenced.
The engagement yesterday was an
artillery duel. Few were wounded.
The Japanese guns began firing along
the hills three hours before dawn to
day.
Chinese refugees are pouring up
the Mandarin road" toward Mukden.
The Russians continue to retire.
Their lines, while in contact, are ir
regular and broken, and the Japanese
are now wedging into their center.
Japanese hussars made a brilliant
attempt to break the center of the
Russian left forces late to-dav, but
failed.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE RUS
SIAN WESTERN ARMY. Friday. Oct.
14. — The week's fighting in its bloody
results has exceeded that at the bat
tle of Liaoyang.
There was a tremendous Russian
artillery fire to-day on positions which
the Japanese took on October 13. An
attempt was made to hold Shakapo
and for a few hours there was a blis
tering fire equal in its fury to that
in the battle of the 12th at Tousanpu.
The infantry, which ,for two days
has only been supplementing from
the trenches the work of the artillery,
is now scattered all the way to Muk
den and is frequently seen marooned
in the flooded fields.
RUSSIAN LINES BROKEN*.
One newly arrived Russian corps
gave a good account of itself. The
Japanese successfully enfiladed three
places where the Russians had made
a heroic, but fruitless, stand all dur
ing: the past week.
On account of the prowess of the
Japanese in the mountains the chief
interest will now center there, unless
the Japanese should persist in their ef
forts to insert a wedge in the center
of the Russian lines-
The Russians' achievements along
the railway yesterday were not suffi
cient to enable them to maintain their
position along the line where yester
day'* fight began ana the Russian
forces are now in the plain ten miles
north of the point where they attacked
the Japanese on October 9. They are
fighting hard and stubbornly, but are
in retreat.
MUKDEN, Saturday. Oct. 15.—Desul
tory cannonading is heard, but there
is not likely to be any important
lighting to-day, as both armies are
stuck in the mud.
Howitzers are used by the Eastern
army. The Russian gu:;s have supe
rior range and burst shrapnel at ttOOO
yards.
There is a' scarcity of reliable maps-
Two divisional commanders have lost
their chief staff officers, one of them
being killed and many commanding
officers met death heroically leading
their regiments.
Shrapnel fell near General Kuropat
kin. He showed desperate energy, and
even in the darkest nour remained
hopeful.
The Japanese must feel the strain.
There was a cessation of hostilities on
Saturday. Neither side can stand many
such contests, the ferocity of which
was frightful.
The Russians are now fighting as a
matter of pride. Manchuria is forgot
ten. They feel that they cannot stop;
that they must win one battle.
This evening the Japanese seem no
nearer. Fires are burning to the south.
About twelve miles from here the east
ern army is retiring without fighting.
RAIN CAUSES BRIEF CESSATION.
There has been great sacrifice of of
ficers. The plain occupied by the re
tiring Russians is covered with. burst
shrapnel. The gunners shoveled shells
into the breeches of the guns as stok
ers shovel coal into furnaces.
MUKDEN, Oct. 16, evening.— The fir-
Ing to the southwest is less- violent. The
men are tired out and food has been
insufficient. Every available gun and
man are being used. The troops have
behaved most gallantly, hurling them
selves repeatedly against impregnabls
positions. The heavy storm of Octo
ber 14 added to the misery of the men.
There is great depression, but stolid
tenacity, among them.
of Ills Field Guns.
LONDON, Oct. 17.— All reports this
morning agree upon General Kuropat
kin's defeat in what military critics
consider one of the greatest battles of
modern times, comparable with Ko-nlg
gratz and Leipsic. Spencer Wilkinson
tonsiders Marquis Oyama's conduct of
the battle as not marked by the same
distinctness of plan and execution as
that of General Kuropatkin, whose
handling of his army is quite intel
ligible on the assumption that he was
ordered to make the attack.
Belated dispatches arriving in Lon
don, descriptive of the week's fighting,
to some extent bear out. this view. For
instance, the Standard's correspondent
with General Kuroki's army testifies
that the Russian troops were more
skillfully led and more capable and
resolute than those encountered in the
opening weeks of the campaign. The
same correspondent remarks the grave
disadvantage under which the Japan
ese are laboring, owing to the inferior
ity of their field guns. He refers to
the fighting of October 11, "when our
six batteries, though well posted and
admirably handled, were compelled to
remain silent the greater part of the
day and see the chance of a Hfetime
pass by under the very muzzles of
their guns. Effective pursuit was de
barred us by the superior range of the
Russian artillery."
I'la^ctl at Disadvantage by Inferiority
At midnight a violent cannonading
began and increased until it attained
the intensity that marked the artillery
duel at Liaoyang on August 30 and Au
gust 31. This cannonading continued
throughout October 14, not ceasing for
a moment, not even for the usual mid
day meal. Under the cover of the ar
tillery fire the Japanese infantry cour
ageously assumed the offensive against
the Russian intrenched positions, but
their courage was unavailing.
Toward evening the Russians actu
ally moved forward. General Kuropat
kin personally directing the operations
on the center-right flank, where ' the
fighting was the hottest Taking com
mand of the Petroff Regiment, he or
dered it forward. Animated by the
courage of their idolized commander,
the troops rushed forward with a shout,
driving the Japanese from the heights.
Standing there, Kuropatkin could see
through his field-glasses a srrouo of
Japanese officers on the opposite
heights at a distance of three miles
and in their midst a hoisted battle
flag. These were probably General
Oku and his staff watching the prog
ress of the battle.
«
OYAMA IS HANDICAPPED.
At 8 o'clock in the evening the fight
ing ceased along the whole front. From
the Russian line signal fires were no
ticed along the Japanese line, where
the Japanese were probably relocating
guns and troops for the next day's
attack.
The whole day a cannonade raged fu
riously, under cover of which the JaD
anese made several bayonet attacks,
but were repulsed. During one of these
attacks the Japanese killed all the gun
ners of one battery, and the Runs were
left in the trenches. An attempt to re
take these guns by the Uknobsky and
Eplfanievsky regiments was only Dar
tially successful.
Toward morning the Japanese ceased
their efforts on the Russian right, and
until 3 o'clock in the afternoon concen
trated their efforts on the Russian cen
ter. At 3 o'clock they renewed their
attack on the right and overwhelmed
it with numbers, forcing it back several
miles.
THOUSANDS OF SLAV
DEAD BURIED BY FOE
Russians, in Desperation, Throw 'Strat
egy to the Winds ana Battle Be
comes One of Extermination.
KUROPATKIN
IS HOPEFUL
IN DEFEAT
FRIGHTFUL FEROCITY MARKS THE SHAKHE COMBAT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1904.
Five Times Shakhe
Is Taken and
Retaken.
EXHAUSTED
ARMIES IN
DEATH GRIP
Continued From Page 1. Column 7.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Read the following: We are going to give
away a brand new |
Price $350.00 1
I in a beautiful mahogany case in even exchange |
I for your old piano or organ. Can anything 1
rj be fairer than that? |
j READ THE CONDITIONS: 1
11 Every piano has a number, the same as every watch. Tour old t|
I] organ or piano has a number. If it is an organ, you will find the Bj
IJ number in or on its back. If it Is a square piano, lift the lid and H
r| hunt around under the strings and you will readily find the number. H
}J Put the name and number of your old Instrument on a card, .ogether II
til with your own name and address, and mail or bring it to our store. I
|| The instrument which we will give away you can see in our show B
|| window. We have securely covered and sealed the number of this Is
|| instrument, so that it cannot be seen until the seal la broken. The II
|! seal will not be touched until November* 16, at 10 a. rn., at which H
1 1 time the number will be uncovered and the owner of the old piano ||
1 1 or organ bearing the number nearest to that of this new HAKVAK.D Ja
II piano will be entitled to exchange the old one for the new without H
tj one penny of additional cost, no matter how old or dilapidated the Eg
- . n instrument turned in may be. a
l| Should the winning number be entered by more than one con- j|
rl testant, the first one entering the contest will be . the winner. It If
H costs nothing to enter, so look up the number of your old piano and ||
' send or bring it in. Fa
| ] This contest is open to every owner of an old piano or organ liv- If
I In* in San Francisco or within a radius of 200 miles of this city, l|
M and costs absolutely nothing: but a postal card or letter. ra
I DON'T FAIL TO SEND IN YOUR NUMBER 1
[3 This is a bona fide offer, and we back It up with our reputation if
f| for square dealing. We could not afford to lend ourselves to any H
H proposition that wm not thoroughly straightforward and honorable. l|
M Absolutely no favoritism can or will be shown. f ¦ ||
I DO IT NOW. THE EARLIER YOUR NUM-
. BERS COME IN THE BETTER
931-933 MARKET STREET
SAN FRANCISCO ?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Don't you give your heart the same
chance you do the other organs?
Why? Because when any other organ
Is in trouble, it refuses to work, and you
hasten to repair it.
The heart, the ever faithful servant,
never refuses as long as it has power t<>
move, hut continues to do the best it
can. getting weaker and weaker, until it
Is past repair, and then stops. It Is just
as sick as the other organs, but because
it will work you let it.
However, it's not too late for a "change
of heart." so remember
Dr. niles' Heart Cure
Will give your heart strength and vital-
ity to overcome Dizziness. Palpitation
Short Breath Faint Spells. Pains In
Heart and Side, and all other Heart
aches and difficulties.
"My heart would ache and palpitate
terribly, and at times I could hardlv
breathe Dr. Miles' Heart Cure has re-
stored me to perfect health, and I am
J5w ate . f 'i 1 .C~7; MIS3 EMMA J. BAR-
TON', No. 1 Sill St.. Watertown N* T
The first bottle will benefit, if not. 'the
druggist will return your money.
J- CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
y^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
AneJfl HEARST ST. Kstablished
«T it'fBO'' 1 •**¦• tor the treatment of Priv*r*
f H_L|!w-«3f Diwases. r.ost Manoood. Debility or
QflfBaKV^B'*'"***'* "t^rintnn body and mind anil
OMSyJMjjl^fc'" Diseases. The Doctor cor«« when
¦Tt3 iSBftgS ot he r» fall. Try him. fharfes low.
g<rt1fWg1MSirnr*» guaranteed. Call or write.
Dr. J. r. eiBBON, 8aa Fratwlsco. CatCalifornia n to Deliver' Letter From
King Leopold to President.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— Colonel
Henry L Kowalsky of San Francisco
RAMON CORRAL ON HIS WAY
TO VISIT SAN FRANCISCO
KNOXVTLLE, Tenn.. Oct. 16. — For
fake pauper burials, w. c. McCoy Is
in jail to-night preparatory to serving
three years in the State Penitentiary.
McCoy was the county undertaker
and when suspicion was aroused over
200 graves In the county cemetery
were opened. In nearly all of them,
pleces^of wood, dead chickens, bricks
and other things were found.
A County Undertaker Sent to Prison
hi Kentucky for Fake Pauper
Burials.
DEAD CHICKENS IN COFFINS
INSTEAD OF HUMAN BEINGS
Dissension, However, Breaks Out
Amomr the Members and' No De
cision Ls Reached.
ROUE, Oct. 18.— There was a meet
ing to-day of the members of the ex
treme left of the Chamber of Deputies,
composed of Radical Republicans and
Socialists, to consider the proposal of a
general resignation of seats aa a pro
test against the Government. Only
forty-six Deputies, or about one-half
of the extreme left, participated in the
meeting.
The discussion developed such dis
order that it was impossible to reach
any decision. The meeting voted an
order of the day reaffirming the right
of reconvocation of the Chamber of
Deputies upon the request of a certain
number of Deputies. The dissension
shown In the ranks of the extreme lef t i
is considered as a favorable omen for
the Cabinet In the general elections. '
which, it Is expected, will be definitely
set for November 6 at Monday's meet- :
ins of the Council of Ministers.
ITALIAN PARTY 3IEETS
TO VOICE A PROTEST
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Unless his
doctors can save him the last chapter
in the romantic career of James Le
Raron Johnson, the former fire chap-
Iain, will soon be written. He is dying
at his home at Riverside drive and
West Ninety-fifth street, where he has
been quietly living since his return
from his tlight abroad with llary Hoff
man, the Bellevue Hospital nurse, for
whom he deserted his bride of a year,
Mabel Van Rensselaer, who has since
divorced him. Mis3 Hoffman, despite
the rumor that they had separated, is
said to be his nurse now. Just as she
v.as when he first realized that he
leved her more than he did his wife.
All messages are refused and none of
tlie friends of the man who once shook
the hands of thousands has been to see
him. He has been forsaken by all ex
cept the woman for whom he changed
the whole course of what might have
been a career of siory.
Everything has been done to save the
young man who has been in his day a
Eocial butterfly, an earnest clergyman.
a fire hero worshiped by the boys of
the New York Fire Department, and a
faitfciess husband. His mother, wife
of Deacon George D. Johnson of Staten
Island, declared to-night that he waa
gravely ill and other friends said his
life was despaired of. At his home
nothing could be learned and hi3 wife,
the former Bellevue nurse, could not
be seen.
Romantic life of Man Who Ran Away
With BeUevue Nurse Nears
IU End.
JAMES LE BARON* JOHNSON*
ILL AND DEATH IS EXPECTED
Only four mere sale dates for cheas tlcksta
to tne Fair — Oct. 19th. 20th. 28th and 2Tth.
For Darticulars relative to malciny trto over
Xorthern Pacific Rail-sray. see T. K. Stataler.
General A«ent. &47 Market St.. S. E\ •
Last Chance to See World*3 Fair.
Thomas J. McCoy is at present under
$20,000 bond on a charge of embezzle
ment- The Grand Jury returned twen
ty-two Indictments against him indi
vidually, two jointly with his father
and two jointly against him and John
White, assistant cashier.
The loss cannot be correctly esti
mated, but the residence alone is
known to have cost more than $25,000.
It was elaborately furnished. There is
much excitement in the city.
The McCoy Bank failed last April,
and the liabilities greatly exceeded- the
assets. Many families lost heavily, as
the bank was one of the best known
and oldest established in this part of
the State.
The McCoy family was not at home
at the time and it is believed that none
of them is in the city.
The wreck of the home i3 complete.
The walls were blown outward, preci
pitating the roof into the basement.
Fragments of the residence and pieces
of furniture were found hundreds of
feet away.
The house was a frame structure,
valued at 523,000, and considered one
of the most beautiful homes in North
ern Indiana.' When the explosion oc
curred the house was unoccupied. Mc-
Coy is believed to be visiting friends
in Chicago. The detonation was heard
for miles. Instantly hundreds of peo
ple flocked to the scene.
RENSSAELAER, Ind., Oct. 16.—Feel
ing has been growing here since the
failure of the ilcCoy Bank last AprIL
The shock of the explosion to-night
cculd be heard for miles. Windows in
residences for blocks around were shat
tered and some of the business houses
suffered.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind.. Oct. 16. — A
telephone message from Rensselaer re
pcrts that the residence of Thomas J.
McCoy, president of the defunct Mc-
Coy Bank, against whom indictments
were recently returned for alleged
complicity in the wrecking of the
bank, has been dynamited and totally
destroyed.
According to the Chinese papers for
the last four days, in another year the
queue or '"pis tail" will be a buried
relic, or perhaps a curio in museums.
Chattering groups of Celestials stand
on the corners in Chinatown and dis
cuss the possibility of the enforcement
of a new imperial mandate which will
compel them to doff the braided and
glossy string of hair that wanders
frcm their occipital process downward
past their girths and embellishes the
rear part of their makeup.
The local Chinese papers have it that
the new order is being considered seri
ously bv the head of the Chinese Gov
ernment and that before long queues
will not be worn. It is but a few years
since the Japanese were adorned with
queues, and the doflingr of them was
considered a mark of advancing civil
ization. The Emperor lias decided that
his subjects would look more civilized
without the '"pig tail."
Great excitement is on in the Chinese
quarter, and much protest is already
being voiced against the proposed
order. Another question that is causing
much talk is the ultimate disposal of
the 20,000 castoffi dermal appendages
when the order becomes a law. They
might be buried or made into hair mat
tresses. The latter course seems im
probable on account of the harshness
of the Chinese hair.
The Chinese papers say that Inside
of six months the Queue will be but a
memory, and the years of careful
growth and treasure will have gone to
naught. The Chinese barber will in
clude hair cutting in his price list, and
reap a harvest from the owners -of di
vested "pig tails," and the queue, for
centuries the distinguishing mark of
th« Oriental race, will be sold over the
counter in curiosity shops and guarded
in museums, ilanv years hence when
scientists are excavating that portion
of land on which Chinatown now rests
they may unearth questionable pieces
of hairy rope, and treasure them, as
mementoes of a long extinct race.
Chinatown in State of Ex
citement Over Imperial
Order Concerning Queues
Explosion Wrecks Eesidence
of the President of a
Defunct Indiana Concern
"PIG TAILS"
TO BE EXCISED
BANKER'S HOME
IS DYNAMITED
Colonel Kowalsky enjoys close
friendship with King Leopold. He de
clares the British Government is be
hind the agitation being made by Mo
rel and that the real purpose is to be
gin a contention over the Congo coun
try, which will result In Great Britain
annexing a liberal slice of the Bel
gian King's dominion.
The President ha3 made an appoint
ment to see Colonel Kowalsky on
Monday morning and receive the let
ter from King Leopold.
has arrived in Washington from Brus
sels, bearing a personal letter from
King Leopold to President Roosevelt,
setting forth the state of affairs in the
Congo Free State and denying the al
legations made by the British Associa
tion, represented by E. D. Morel,
which has lodged a protest with the
State Department against the treat
ment of natives by the Congo Free
State Government.
Election Betting in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16. — Election
betting m thisiciry'ts 10 to 3& on
Roosevelt for President and 10 to 8"
on Herrick (Dem.) for Governor.
ST. JOHNS. N. F., Oct. 15.— For for
ty-eight hours past a severe gale, the
worst of the season, has been raging
here, and it i3 feared It mu3t have
worked havoc among the fishing fleets
on the Grand Banks and on the coast
of Labrador. Large numbers of ves
sels are homeward bound, the fishing
season having closed, and many of
them must have been driven ashore or
foundered in the gale.
Fear Felt for Vessels of the Fishing
Fleet Causht in the
Gale.
FIERCE STORM RAGES
ON NEWFOUNDLAND COAST
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Oct. 16. — An
nouncement has been made by the
Republican State Central Committee
that in the event of the courts decid
ing that John J. Kempf is entitled to
a place on the Republican ticket as a
regular nominee for State Treasurer
the committee will run August C.
Backus of Milwaukee as an Independ
ent. It also is announced that the
committee indorsed W. D. .Connors,
the member of the National Republi
can Committee, to succeed Henry C.
Payne.
Court's Decision Win Be Ignored by
One Republican Faction.
WISCQNSLVS BITTER FETD.
The Republican Club will equal this
meeting with a demonstration in Madi
son Square Garden «n Wednesday
night, when Secretary Taft, Elihu Root
and Frank W. Higgins, Republican
candidate for Governor, will speak.
Higgins is to start on nis tour of the
State on Tuesday, a full week after his
opponent began his work on the stump.
Higgins is to speak in Blnghamton,
Buffalo and other places where the op-
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Constantly in
creasing Democratic aggressiveness i3
to mark the three weeks yet remain
ing of the national campaign in New
York State. The Manhattan Club, the
Parker Constitution Club and Tam
many Hall will unite to-morrow night
in a mass meeting in Madison Square
Garden, which will mark the first ap
pearance of Mayor McClellan in the
campaign. The Mayor will preside.
Judge Herrick. Democratic candidate
f.jr Governor, will make his first speech
as a candidate before a New York au
dience. This rally is expected to be
one of the most notable in the city
campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
position to him and to Governor Odell
is pronounced.
New York Campaigners
Increasing Their Activity
"The Minister cf War has addressed
a circular to the military authorities
saying that In the recent rioting the
extreme party tried to induce soldiers
to disregard discipline and rebel at
Padua. Subversive hymns were distrib
uted to some of the soldiers, who de
stroyed the copies handed them or gave
them to their superiors. The subver
sive propeganda in the army Is seen,
but it i3 powerless against the sense of
duty strongly rooted in the Italian
army; still there is at present a 'grave
danger which must be fought. Besides
the ordinary confiscation of all sub
versive publications, the Minister of
War advises that officers undertake a
propoganda to show the fallacy c-f cer
tain theories and for the observance of
laws as a guarantee of liberty. "
GENEVA, Oct. IS.— The following
dispatch from Rome, evidently mutil
ated by the censor, has been received
here:
Extreme Party Brings About a Dan
eerous Situation Amonz
the Soldiers.
EFFORT MADE TO INCITE
ITALIANS TO REBELLION
The Congo Reform Association,
which Includes eleven lards, four
Bishops and many other of the most
notable folk in Great Britain, takes
no stock in the committee appointed
by Kins Leopold of Belgium to In
vestigate the great mass of charges
like those made above. In a letter to
Lord Lansdowne, aa Foreign Secre
tary, sent this week, they 1 presf nt a
formidable list of reasons indicating
that Kins Leooold's committee is a
fake, appointed solely for whitewash
ing' purposes. What the Consa asso
ciation is working for is an Impartial
international investigation.
This same missionary states that in
the course of one of his journeys he
saw thirty young men and boys tied
together ¦with ropes fastened round
their necks being marched off to a
Belgian station as recruits for the
army of native soldiers. Yet accord
ing to the Congo Free State reports
the system of enlistment is entirely
voluntary.
At the village from which the mis
sionary sends his account he says that
a Belgian ofilcial declared he would
order the score of soldiers who ac
companied him to fire indiscriminately
into the houses of any of the men who
attempted to hide from him.
Embracing the Christian faith af
fords them no protection from th#ir
white tyrants.
Women, equally with men, are sub
jected to imprisonment and cruel
treatment for failing to bring in rub
ber.
A missionary who having lived for
eighteen months in the vicinity of a
Belgian fort has enjoyed exceptional
opportunities of observing the methods
of the Free State Government sends
these samples of outrages and oppres
sion. Of some of them he was an eye
witness, and what he did not see he
verified by personal investigation.
An officer of the Congo Free State,
accompanied by some native soldiers,
entered the district to collect carriers,
and apparently for no other reason,
than sheer love of human butchery
put sbc persons to death.
On the return journey a hunter was
encountered who had committed the
heinous offense of killing some wild
animals and orders were given, to bind
hia hand3 and legs and then hang him.
To expedite his death the white man
fired a shot into him, and after the
soldiers had inflicted unspeakable mu
tilations on the corpse it was left to
be devoured by hyenas.
A native chief was once ordered to
line up his wives, that the soldiers
might make selections from among
them.
ROPES AROUND NECKS.
EYE WITNESS TALKS.
"A little child had its brains dashed
out and was cut in half. The upper
portions of the body was impaled on
one stake, the legs and abdomen on an
other. The brutal 'soldiery then feasted
on -the killed.
"A large number of people were sub
sequently killed, cut up and a quantity
of the flesh eaten on the spot. The re
mainder of the 'meat' was taken to
town.
"The terrified natives were, however,
afraid to appear with their rubber after
this raid, and so a third attack result
ed, headed this time by the rubber
agent himself, who was accompanied
by 'sentries* and cannibal ¦warriors."
In a charge of a sentry, a body of
men in the employ of the Abir who had
granted the concession wa3 dispatched
to enlighten the people of Bolima on ths
subject of rubber.
"They surrounded the chiefs house
while he was at his evening meal," say3
the narrator, "and shot him and .ten of
his people, including some of his wives.
KILL. ELEVEN" NATIVES.
LONDON, Oct. 16. — Advance proofs
of letters reporting the atrocities in the
Congo region reach me just at the time
the honorary secretary of that distin
guished body known as the Congo Re
form Association is* preparing to set out
for the United States to ask President
Roosevelt to take a hand in stopping
the horrors connected with the Congo
rubber industry, managed by King Leo
pold & Co. Included in these reports of
responsible witnesses are accounts of
oppressions, tortures, maimings and
murders that would be well nigh in
cridibla If they had not been preceded
by so many similar instances well au
thenticated.
It should be understood that the poor
natives of Bollma had done absolutely
nothing to provoke an attack. It wa3
simply their misfortune to live in a re
gion where rubber trees abounded.
They had no particular use for rubber
themselves, and, after the fashion of
benighted heathen, saw no good reason
why they should make slaves of them
selves to gather it for others. But the
white aliens of the Congo Free State
coveted rubber, because they could
convert rubber Into money. To get it
on the cheapest possible terms it be
came necessary to convince the simple
Bolima folk that if they did not make
slaves of themselves to gather it •worse
things might befall them.
Sce&al Dlssatch to Th« Call.
Witnesses Tell of Barbaric
Treatment of Inhabitants
and Failure of Complaints
to Check Agents of King
It was learned to-day that the
presidents of the various concerns of
the United States Steel Corporation
voted to stand back of the Carnegie
Steel Company, and if possible crush
the Amalgamated Association out of
existence.
The strike, if lost, will mean, tire
annihilation of the great Amalgamated
Association of Iron and Steel Workers
of America. About J300.C0O has already
been sent to Youngstown alone and
the steel people seem to have gained
little or no headway.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Oct. 15.— The Uni
ted States Steel Corporation ha3 de
clared that 51.00O.C0O will be spent, if
necessary, to defeat the Amalgamated
Association in its battle against the
Carnesie Steel Company at Youngs
town and Girard. Ohio.
MUKDEES FOLLOWED
BY CANNIBAL FEASTS
"In the gas belt it has been a ques
tion how far the removal of voters.
due to the exhaustion of the gas fields
and the closing of the factories, would
reduce the total vote. The Democrats
also make it one of their campaign is
sues that the trusts have closed the
mills. Taking the ga3 region as a
"Bryan has put life into the cam
paign for both parties. The effect of
his trip, however, has to be studied
chieriy in the Democratic localities,
where it was a question whether the
free silverites would line up in sup
port of Parker. They are doing so
and this gives assurance of getting out
the normal Democratic vote. Until
Bryan came this assurance was lack
ing.
"Indiana, seen in the preliminary
survey, ia Republican, though not so
strongly as it was at this stage of the
campaign four years ago. I have been
through the central and. northern part
of the State. In general I noted that
the feeling against a change was work
ing in favor of the Republicans. The
farmers, also, seemed to be largely
with Roosevelt.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Oct 16.—
Charles II. Pepper, staff correspondent
of the New York Herald, summarizes
the Indiana situation as follows:
Special Eiayatcii to The CalL
"In several places where I sought to
make a test by getting names, the re
sult always was in favor of the Re
publicans. Making due allowance for
the fact that most of these inquiries
were in Republican localities, the pro
portion of new voters supporting
Roosevelt would still be relatively 60
per cent. *
"President Roosevelt also has a de
cided lead over Judge Parker among
the coal miners.
"Another factor in favor of the Re
publicans is the dissatisfaction of the
old soldiers with Judge Parker's serv
ice pension pronouncement."
whole, I could not find that the fall
ing off in the vote would be large
enough to affect the general results.
'The proportion of young men, or
new voters, who are supporting Roose
velt is about three out of five. In the
trouble that, both parties have had in
overcoming universal, listlessness the
ycung men's clubs have not cut the
figure they did in former campaigns.
But, where organization has been ef
fected, it has been chiefly by the Re
publicans.
"At Bryan's meetings it is gray
beards — the old traditional Democrats
— who are prominent. At the Repub
lican meetings, which I have had a
chance to attend the young men are
much more in evidence.
"I see that for the last three weeks the >
newspapers in your district which are |
supporting you have been asserting j
that you were the only representative ;
from California who voted against the |
Cuban reciprocity bilL Now, Bell. '
you know that that statement is false ;
and that ail of the Republicans from
California in the lower house voted :
against the bill, with the possible ex- ;
ception d Metcaif, who, I think, was ;
absent and not in his seat when the
bill can; up for passage."
Beil replied: "'Yes, that is true."
Whereupon McLachlan said: "Bell,
you know that is sailing under false
colors, and why have you net corrected
such statements?"
. Upon which Beil changed color and
made no reply.
Further JdcLachian said to Bell:
"You and your friends are claiming
that you secured the appropriations for
the Sacramento and Napa rivers. Now,
you know that is incorrect. You know
that neither you nor any other Con
gressman from California secured any
appropriations for such purposes."
Bell replied that he did secure such
appropriations.
Whereupon McLachlan stated: "You
know that I was a member of that
committee, and that the only appro
l nation recommended by that commit- '
ttrir and passed by Congress was a gen
tral appropriation of 53,000,000, to be
expended under direction of the Secre
tary of War in emergency cases. And
you further know that the appropna
ticn of J40U0 for the Napa River and
J~.OCO for the Sacramento River was
upon suggestion of Major Heuer, and
that you had nothing- to do with it." I
Mr. Bell admitted such to be the '
truth.
WITNESSES PRESENT.
The conversation en the train took I
place in the presence cf several wit
nesses, among whom were J. W. Kava- ¦
nagh. Thomas Dozier and the Repubii- '
(.an nominee, Duncan E. McKinlay.
The Republican State Central Com- j
'rr.itt^ has noted from time to time that
tie Democratic newspapers in the Sec
ond District claimed that Beil alone of
all the California Congressmen voted
against Cuban reciprocity and that Bell
v.as entitled to credit fcr obtaining ap
propriations fcr the Napa and Sacra
mento rivers. The Republican oratcrs
produce the record to show that the
claim cf the Democratic editors has no
: jundation in Justice. _
At the outset of the campaign The
Call stated the simple truth— that the
>. nly measure cf legislation accom
plished by Bell was the amendment
abolishing the canteen at the State Sol
ders' Home, and for that achievement
the prohibition press of the country has
given tin all the credit he desires.
ROUND VALLEY BILL.
He introduced many bills, among
th«?in the notcricus Round Valley bill.
Facts are coming to light which create
the suspicion that the bill as originally
presented by Bell was a monstrous
land grab- It seems that the Ukiah
Times had the temerity to publish the
bili for the benefit of Round Valley
readers, and as a result the Democratic
nominee fcr Congress ferociously as-
Bailed the editor cf the paper. Here is
the comment of the Times:
Last w*+1l we published B«IT» Rcsad Valley
bill la fall, so that every cue may knew .just
what it is.
We wish to call esp^ciaf attention to the
fccmestead clause in ti« till, w-ica provides j
that «*ttier» may take ICO acres and be cred- !
lt«<l with tie time they have occupied the
•am*, to lar. so good. u u t ti e next sentence
Im the cne that th* : ¦ 7 ¦- object to. It reads
as follows:
"Eacn estryman cf »"T °t sai-1 lanls shall
pay £cr tie sasie at tie a£>prai.sed price, pay
ment* to i/e made in tlve «n;ual annual p*j-
n:«rta wttb isieresV etc
That is the seatence that Mr. B<-H and his
¦ci£crter» did act wish any cs« ia Round Vai-
I<*y cr Meadociso County to see. Virtually it
doe* net lire a hora«^tead rijjSt; it simply
r'.ves tie settler tiie first rij-ht to buy. and if
Use appraised trice ia mere than he can pay.
«Ut 1* to prevent land grabber* Ircni settinc
Ums land?
If tt baJ act been far that «r:teTice the Bell
boomers would hui'e cirruLaieTI thousands of
cxplea cf the tUI throughout the county and
expiai~ed its many ffecxi features ia eloquent
¦l*«ch*s aud tr-.iUart editorials. A» it is, net
a ci:?y at the bill i* to be found In Ukiah. and
we have hr*rd of bnt cne copy in Round Val
ley. The till published in the Times of Octo
ber 4 was taken from the CcngresEicrnl Eecord
and w ccirpiete and correct. We ask every
oce to consider the bill ia every particular ard
see {; every criticism w« hive trade ca it
wasn't just asd fa.'r.
But it is not the treriu ncr demerits of the
bii! that the p«wpie are mo« interested in now.
As m. datrer cf lact. very few are interested in
tn* openins of tae reservation to settlement,
a* it -crould net benefit many. But the people
arr aroused at BeU'« attempt to d-ceive them
aad have liea vote for hiai. thiakii^ that he
had g:\f-Z theja Jsst what they a£teU far, la
rt^ad cf esact!y the eppesits.
It Is »afe to my thai every fair minded man
that understand* just what BcU"« bUl is will
\ote ---.-¦: ban.
The Greek - American Republican
Club met last night at Lyric Hall and
•¦-nthusiastically Indorsed the Repub
lican ticket, both national and local.
Speeches in praise or Julius Kahn,
which were loudly applauded, were the ¦
feature cf the evening.
Th* Democratic nominee was so
rattled by the incident that on leaving
the main line train to change for
Naja he inadvertently took away
Pirn ran E. McKinlay's valise, leaving
his own in the car. It required a
deal cf telephoning- on the part of
ilcKir.lay to get back his valise.
When Bell entered the car he took
a. cent alongside of McLachian and
the two entered into conversation. As
tee talk went on. McLachlan said to
Bell:
On the Southern Pacific train be
tween Sacramento and Suisun yester
day forenoon Theodore Bell, the
Democratic nominee for Congress,
confessed in the presence of witnesses
that he was sailing under false colors.
He s-clcno 1 * ledged when dalled to ac
count by Congressman James
McLAchlan cf the Seventh District,
that all the California Republican
members cf the House of -Representa
tives voted against the Cuban recip
rocity bill except Victor H. Metcaif.
who was absent by reason of sickness.
Beil also reluctantly admitted that the
appropriation of $4000 for the N'apa
River and J 22,000 fcr the Sacramento
River mas allowed by Major Heuer,
tile United States engineer.
BELL IS RATTLED.
chairman county committee. Stanis
laus: E. H. Mitchell. Fresno; General
George Stone, chairman, and E. F.
Woodward, secretary, ui the State
committee.
Encouraging reports come to party
headquarters from every section of the
state, but the promise of victory will
not lull the committee to inaction. It i
la positively knerwn that the Demo- j
¦ rats are trading all along the line to \
votes for their Congressional nom- j
bsecs. The trading- extends to the can
iidate for President. The committee is j
alive to the necessity for earnest work !
in behalf of the Republican Centres- j
s:cnai nominees.
OROY ILLE DEMONSTRATION".
A great demc-nstration at Oroville ¦
Saturday night attested the purpose of
Butte County Republicans to stand !
firm in support of the principles of the !
party. The ovation extended to Dun- l
can E. McKinlay v.-as significant. His |
manly speech elicited great applause. '
Dr. Gates, the Republican nominee for j
Assemblyman, received a. splendid wei- .
come. Congressman McLachlan's ap
peal to the voters produced a profcrund
impression. Kis speaking tour of the j
Second District closed with the Oro- j
viile meeting. He left San Francisco '¦
last evening for Los Angeles. He has j
addressed the people in nine counties j
of the Second District and has not only )
greatly strengthened the cause of Mr. ;
McKInlay, but has helped the entire j
ticket.
TALK TO VETERANS.
To-day Duncan E. McKinlay and
Charles M. Shcrtridge will address the
veterans of the Soldiers' Home. Ycunt
viile. To-night McKinlay and Thomas
B. Do2ier of Redding will address the
peopie ef St. Helena.
It goes without saying that McKin
lay and Shortridge will receive a great
ovation from the noble defenders of the
Sag. The veterans know that McKin
iay is opposed to all sumptuary legisla
tion. Shortridge is eloquent and enter
taining, therefore a good time and an
enthusiastic Republican demonstration
may be expected.
To-night J. N. Glllett, Republican
nominee for Ccngress in the First Dis
trict, speaks at Rockiin. He will speak
at Red Bluff to-morrow nfght.
J. R. Knowland. Republican nominee
for Congress. Third District, will speak
to the voters of Walnut Creek this
evening. To-morrow night he will ad
dress the people of Berkeley.
J. C. Needham. Republican nominee
for Congress. Sixth District, will talk
to the people of Manteca to-night, and
at Acampo to-morrow night.
Governor Pardee and Senator II. L.
¦ Ward of San Diego will speak at Po
mona to-night, at Pasadena to-morrow
evening and at Colton Wednesday j
night. At the last mentioned meeting j
S. C. Smith. Republican nominee for
Congress, Eighth District, will also
speak.
E. Myron "Wolf will speak to-night at
Walnut Creek and to-morrow night at
I Berkeley.
Senator C. M. Shortridge will addres3
the people of San. Rafael to-morrow
night.
Frank H. Short will speak to-night at
' Tulare.
Thomas B. Dozier will speak Tuesday
, night at Calistoga.
HAYES CLUB.
The Hayes Republican Club of the
: Thirty-sixth Assembly District orga
; nized recently and elected the following
' officers: President, Charles H. J. Tru
' man; first vice president, John Ton
niagsen; second vice president, Charles
I H. Thompson; third vice president.
! John Keileher; secretary, Arthur
i Quinn; treasurer, James Hannon; ser
; geant-at-arins. John Bulger; executive
] committee — Thomas J. Murph'y, Fred
I Eggers, Frank Burnett, Charles H.
j llayer and Hugh W. Fraser.
A campaign committee of twenty was
j also appointed, as follows: Charles W.
Baker, Z. T. Barber, Charles H. Rog- !
; ers, S. J. Daly, Captain M. V. Taylor,
\ F. M. Stevens, David Wharton, David
I Burke, John HcEwen. George G.Frazer, j
William Conners, Paul Fowler, J. Ja- i
j cobsen. Charles Quinn, W. Van Loon,
: John Buckley, John Tully, William
; Winterbottom, William H. Woodall and
: H. N. Beatty. This committee is to ar
; range for a mass-meeting in the dis
| trict at an early date, when the Repub
| lican candidate for Congress, E. A.
' Hayes, will be the principal speaker.
Many speeches were made and much
; enthusiasm prevailed. Among the
| speakers were Charies H. J. Truman.
I Senator Burnett. Supervisor Eggers,
I Captain II. V. Taylor, Charles H.
| Mayer, J. McCann. Hugh Fraser and
j James McCarthy.
Strike in Ohio of Amalga
mated Association Ends in
Bitter Industrial Strife
Young Voters. Are Flocking
to the Republican Standard
DESIRES TO CEUSH IT
Vote on the Cuban Reciprocity Bill
Helpless Natives of Congo
Land Victims of the Most
Horrible Cruelties at the
Hands of Belgian Officers
HOOSER STATE NOT
IN DOUBT.
the Fight if Necessary
Steel Trust Decides to Put
a Million Dollars Into
Congressman McLachlan Meets
and Calls Down the Democratic
Candidate of the Second District
ATROCITIES
CONTINUE
UNCHECKED
DECLARES WAR
ON THE UNION
BELL DECIDES
THAT HE HAS BEEN SAILING UNDER FALSE
CLORS HOISTED BY DEMOCRATIC PRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL". MONDAY, OCTOBER IT, 1904.
.Mexican Vice Prcsident-Oect Departs
With His Party From
World's Fair.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16.— Ramon Corral.
Mexican Vice President-elect and the
personal representative of President
Diaz to the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position, accompanied by his party,
departed to-night for Kansas City. He
will leave Kansas City on Tuesday- for
San Francisco.
Fair Slakes Seventh Payment.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16.— The "World's
Fair has made the seventh of the stip
ulated $500,000 payments on the Gov
ernment loan of 54,600,000, which vras
advanced by the Federal authorities.
The fair still owes 531,850 to the Gov
ernment.
REPUBLICAN LEADERS COXFER,
lleadquarters Thronzed With Candi
dates and Workers — Many 3Ieet
inzs Scftcdnled-
Ther<? were many representative Re
publicans at headquarters of the State
coa:=:itt2e, Palace Hotel, yesterday. In
the throng were Congressional nom
inees J. C. Needham. Sixth District;
Jari^s McLacnlan. Seventh; Duncan E.
McKInlay, Second, and Julius Kahn.
Fourth; also Thceias B. Dozier, Red
ding; Charles F. Curry. Secretary of
State: W. B. Thorpe, chairman county
ccrmlttee, Sacramento; C T. Elliott. ,
KOWAU5KY BEARS MESSAGE.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
Pox Infanta and Children.
Fbs Kind You Ha?e Always Bought
gigu- tare of C&zSC/z /co£jZ&i£
No Dirty Fingers A \
Filling fW VQn
PEN Jr that
Try «T Fills
it. W Itself
fl $3.<iS and up
Does not leak or sweat and is always
ready for use.
Kodak Developing and Printing at
cut prices constitute one of my spe- i
cialties.
Ansco Cameras and Camera, Sup- j
plies for all Kodaks.
"Write for information. Mail orders i
promptly attended to.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. TV. PITTS. The Stationer.
10Q8 3IAJB3CXT STELEXiT, OP9. Ttftll. !
SAX FRANCISCO.
A!way$. Remember the Frfl JMfne
s axativs 5*1*01110 Qmmns
Carts «Cdd inOaeD«y f Cr^m 2 Days
&(9LJb 2TTZ
AD VERTISE3IKNTS.
& CO.
AMERICA'S LARGEST RETA1XAS
of ME.VS FUHM5HING COOD5.
Extra SPECIAL Values
In Cashmere, Msriso. All- Wool
end Fancy
UNDERWEAR
From the Best Makers ia
Europe and the United States.
._AT.~.
$1.00 - $1.25
$1.50 - $2.00
AND UPWARDS.
Our rc&able Underwear always earss
its cost. It, b made right cad it fia,
wears, washes end looks the same way.
Car values wLl surprise y oa men who
have not farad oct the advantages of
tracing with a house that boys aS it?
enderwsar direct* from the rrrilH.
WE RETAIL AT
WHOLESALE PRICES
You rsi ao riji tx Tmylrr at eta
ttore*. m w» *ttm»T*nnj S2CC2A2TO1! or
B£ruaa sios-xt rcr cooos socoht
TJLOX US.
Merxhan.i'ta freely czc&asffsd C9
meney refitted.
780-786 Market, St-
242 Montgomery St.
Los Angeles asd iacrameato.
Shirt Factory 533-535-537 Market St.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
; primer's Wonderful Medicine.
I or your money returned. Price,
' 50c and $1.00 per bottle- For
sale by all dealers and at office
| of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Cc
J 2S California St., S. F., sent by
'; mail or express. People cured
j free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
rt visit DR. JORDAN'S ohcati I
fMUSEUS OF SHflTOHY*
O f *7? V 1 ip«c».:»; oa tie C-;»«. Zacjtfaan I (
A af5j A C3. J3S2A.1-S'3IAi£3 C? S£» ,
a * iS*9ll Co»«aitaaa« fr«« »ad bt««St ai!»it«.
A 1 jai^*| Tnantn xnaH^r or S» error. A ;
W £ y> s W i*a#m». Cin a mry cam aadatvxcm. '
Bf>1 I S '* !¦"« 'nt Bnac. ?IlL««ariT •# A
7 ' 1 * MAnaiAes. ka:u3 iiu. ( *¦ Y
\ {J I , **iM&l* »u iar an) »
V DB. JKCD A-> * CO. 1Z51 X*Ti»tSL.3. P. 9
|ASTHIVUNOLA|
Xa XSim cnl7 cars for ir«r<roaa sad
BrascHlal JLSTTTVX.
Tocf Dro«5Jst or ax 3aa HAlGHT ST..
San Frasciaccx '"*»'
OCEAX TRAVEL.
e Steamers leaxa Broaiway
wbarrw «;ier» 9 «id Hi.
San Francisco:
For Ketchiiaa. Wmjsl,
Jaaeaa. Trea-iTrelli. B^lsea,
Ska«wa7. etc. Alxsk*— U
a. m.. October 12. IT. 22. 37.
N«jt. L Clians» v> tils com-
For Victoria. Vaanou»at.
. Port Townsenc!. Seattle. Tacotsa. Ever«tt.
I Smith Be!Ui:?haas. BelliE^hass — U a. in.. Oct.
j 12. IT. 22. 2T. Nov. 1. CSasss at 3«artl« to
this cotspacy's steamers fcr Alaska aad G. Jf.
Ry. ; at Seattle cr Taccisa to X. P. Ej. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Fcr Eureka. (Hvuntjoldt Bay) — Pctacna. 1:SO
p. in.. Octob«r 1.1. 13. i5. 31. Sor. &. Corona.
l:3O p. m.. October ¦*. 1O. 15. S. 23. Xffr. S.
Fcr Los Anse!e« (ria Pert I^s ASJ?e!«« aad
Redondo). San Diego asd Saata Barbar*—
Santa Rcsa. Sundays. 9 a. in.
Stats of CUXtaBta, Tanr*ia7*. 9 a. n.
For Lea A=zsle» <vla Saa Pedro aaci EaJt
San Pedm>. Santa Barbara. Santa Cmx. Mo»-
terey. San Sls:e»3n. Cayncoj*. Port Bar£onl (Saa
Li;:, Obiapo). Ventura ar.d Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. is.. Octcb«r 14. 22. 3>X ZStyw. T,
Cocs Bay. S> a. el. October 10. 13. 28. Xor. X
For Er-aMada. ila?daiena Bay, Saa Jca» £*l
Cabo, Mazatlaa. Aluita. L* Pas. Sasta Ro-
•al!a. Cuay^ias •!!«.>. 10 a. o.. Tta eaca no.
For farther Information obtain falcJer. Rl^ht
la rpawr»ed to cha.-;^ »wam«r» <rr sailing ilate*.
TXCIXT omCSS — * New ilontarom-
ery st. iPa^c* Hotsll. V* 3r»r?c«t st.and Braad-
way whari-es. Pr«l*3,t O2Ze« 19 Market at.
C V. DCNAJTX. General Passenger Ajsat.
10 Market st., Saa Fraactsco.
The Pacl2c Transfer Co.. 20 Sut^r rt.. wtU
call for asd check bay^airs frata total* aa«
residences. Telephone Excnaas? 312.
TOYO K1SEN KAISHA
; ¦¦ i
fORTETXTAX. STEA34SHT? OO->
Sta«3t-r» wd Ie»^» Pacino Maa waart. es*.
' -*r Rnt asd Bnnnia streets, it I p. zt. torn
TOKOHAMA mad HO.NGXO.NO. cmCla* »e
Kc6e «Hloct5». NajraaaJU aad SSaa^aml mad
conn-cens ¦•« Hcn«i=nz witi staaaera for
> tsila. ets. Ko carso rac*tr*i oa ftoart oa <tijj
g! ""jSsHICA itARC
W-<!a«?4ay. Octofter 1% O0«
Via Hrcc!-'-i — Rocnd-trto tickets \t nttlem^
' rate*. Fcr fre!«=t and ji*ar» aspty at Ojui
• cmny*« «fiLce» 421 Martit «t. tat. <jtaa«i Knt.
I •W. H. ATEP.T. G*n-r»l A<nt.
' occaDlcS^X©. ss tfwa
I S 5. MAEIPOSA. for Taalt!. Oct. 2a tl *.bu
i s." S VENTURA, for Horotala. Sansoa. lr«.
land and Pylney. T=ar«lay. Oct. K.J»a.
! S S. ALASTEI>A. fcr Eoccl-oia. Oct. 23.11 a.sa,
lis?HICXELS4HHni CO.. iTl,TlcKGl!SiCIir-
i KL KSgt C£3 333 gSIIZl SL PiT 7. tVfiZ lu
C0X7ASSI5 SXXttlZJi 7aA53ATLA57^3i
1 DIRECT LEffl TO H.4TSS-PAE3 >«^-
Saturday, at 13 a. sa.. froca Pier *-» ¦ t <¦ ¦¦_••
Nona Riw. toot at JJactaa «t. ¦* jm -& m
S*tnt elaaa to HaTre. ITS acd sjti."!. M*»
and «Um to Eavrts. $43 asd u^irt OB*-
! fox u^rrso states xm
i cjOIaDa. 82 ET^dway (Hodsea bniUUazlu
I Nri Tcrfc J. F. FX'G.VZI A CO.. Pa^Se Ca— m
I Amenta. S Mcctxc=:err »"c» Saa B*rmael«a».
i TJcit>t» xiH fcT »H RaHrtwd Ttdft Anno
I TO U. S. NAVY YABD AMD VALLEJO
I STEAMED a X CORCORAN
leaves S. T-. Clay «t-. X end of Ferry s:ir.
tfai'.y 3^0 a. a.. 3 and *9 p. ex. Suadaya.
) ; 3i) ». jn.. 3 P. nx. Icav^ Vallajo daCy 3:*»
a. m_ 12:20 a»tl 3:;a) > nu Sundays » b. m»
Far* Me P- A- °- c<x Pa°«« 5LU3 8*1.
•Saturdays excepted.
Tax 17. S. 2TaTT Tard aad TaHaJo.
Stn. General Ftistue. il-cticeUa aad Anwr.
. |:Ut.3L. 12:10 p. =a.. 3 :li :>.-¦=.. 6 ?.=u. 3i3» a»
ox Lemv* fu Franrtaco Sundays 9:«3 » »
12JOp.iu.. «n-ia.. a:30pm. Leave Vallcja»t
' a f" . 9a.ni.. 12:30 p. a.. 3:15 5. is., <J p.31. Saa»
tiyj. 7 a.0.. » a.ni.. 3:2O pss.. 4 a.m. Pt«r X
' tt SCaatoo ¦*-; paoat Jlata l30i HATCH 3309CENTRALIA, 111., Oct 18.— Dora
Meek, aped 18 years, who slept nearly
bIx. months during the winter of 1901,
died torday aa the regult of a general
decline', followins an attack ¦ of measles
last March,
Girl. AVho Slout Six .Months. I>eacJ.
Aped Irojiimvtcr Hit's,
OAKLAND. Ocl 16.— James McCar
rick. Jot many years a master iron
worker in the employ of the Judson
Iron Works, is dead at his residence,
Fortieth street and San Pablo avenue.
McCitrrick came from New York in
ISil to take chargre of a large con
tract for the JuOb-on people at San
Quentjti. Subsequently h^ moved to
• >siklun4. He was a native of New
York. 79 years old., A daugrhter, Mrs.
J^dmund Atwell. survives. The fu
neral will be held Tuesday afternoon
at 3 o'clock from the residence. The
»«ay Trill be sent East to Miiunt Eve.
Or« nff e County. Xew York, for Inter*
menu
STUDENTS BLECT CLASS OFFICERS.—
AUmfdi, Oct. 16. — Officer* have Xxtn elected
by t^e December class 'M of the Alameda
Hl«b School «« fallows; President, ¦ Ralph
Marx; vice pmtde nt, Sumner Holland; secre
tary. Mle« Gertrude Comfort; treasurer, Harry
Kacon. MIsb Launt McKhitrht/ Alan field am]
Sumner Holland were named as a commltttee
t«flr«tt • • constitution ana b> : law» . tor U»e
. NEW POSTMASTER AT -WEST OAKLAND.
Oakland, pet. Nf. — E. C. Hahn yesterday took
charge of the branch Postoffico at West Oak
]and. succeeding G. 1*. Win?*. • Mr. -Wines be
corce« the cashier of the' West" Oakland Bank
aud Trust CQnipany. , \
NEW YORK, Oot: 16.— A party of San
Francisco Veteran Firemen, made up pf
Captain J. J. Kenealy. Lieutenant Ke
hpe and three" men 'Qf Truck" ¦' 3 Qf the
paid department and about twenty
amateur nre-flghters, under the leader
ship of P. L. McCormick, arrived here
early this morning. McCormick hunt
ed up Fire Chief Croker, who gave him
a letter of introduction to the various
engine-houses. The party visited Chief
Croker's headquarters.
To-morrow afternoon the entire party
will' be taken through the subway on a
special train. In the evening they, will
be entertained at a dinner and a recep
tion. On Thursday the visiting firemen
will attend the Veteran Firemen's,'con
ventfqn at Far Rockaway and win' take
cart in the parade.
Veterans to .Be Taken 'Through Sub
way nnd Will; Be Guests of
Honor nt Dinner.
SAN 'FRANCISCO FIREMEN m
ENTERTAINED IN NEW YORK
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 16. — The rails
of the Petaluma and Santa Rosa rail
way are now being laid within the city
limits of Santa Rosa. Work is being
rushed on Olive street and prepara
tions are being made to construct the
bridge across _Santa Rosa Creek at
Railroad street to connect with the
company's depot property. The elec
tric railway will traverse Fourth street
and connect the California Northwest
ern and Squthern Pacific depots.
Santa Rosa is to be connected with
an Interurbah system, the first link
of whjph between Petaluma and Se>
bastopol Is completed and in running
order. The power station at Sebas
topol was completed Saturday and the
first car was run over the line. Be
ginning with the coming week cars
will be run regularly between these
places, and it is expected that the
tiolley line will be built into Santa
Rosa shortly and cars will reach thla
•
New Electric Line Nears Completion.
First Cap Between Sebastppol
and Petaluma.
CHICAGO. Oct. 1$.— 'To promote
politeness and a more accurate and
dignified Mse of the mother tongue" }s
the object of the Knights and Ladies
of Cqurtesy, a club just organised by
the pupils and alumni o( the Holy
Angels' Agademy. The society has
elected an "optimist" and "pessimist"
whose duties are. "to Keep a. keen
watch qf the state of the social ameni
ties and tQ repprt respectively upon
the symptoms of Improvement and de
cadence in the public, and private
manners of the community." Meet
ings will be held at the academy.
Knights pnd Ladles of Cpurtesy the
Name of Club Formed at a
Chicago Academy.
SOCIETY IS ORGANIZED V "
. TO PROMOTE, FO14TENESS
SONOMA COUNTY TOWNS
SOON TO BE CONNECTED
PARIS, Oct. 16.— Being naturally
superstitious the Bretons are easily
oxcited by tales of the mysterious, A 1 "
Htory of a strange incident at the. Cha
teau of Neuville. whose .inhabitants
were stripped by invisible hands, ran
ljke wildiire through Brittany. Imme
diately another mysterious event hap
pened, in th.e belief o,f t.he country peo
ple at least. This second mysterious
story is to the effect that in the village I
of Guemene, last week, a boy was born
with a beard and mustache. These
grew ¦ so fast that when his day of
christening arrived the babe had a
beard a patriarch would envy. The
christening was celebrated with muqh
drinking of elder. In the midst of the I
festivities the baby sat up in his cradle ;
and cried solemnly: "Drink good elder,
friends. Drink, drink, tor- next year;
you will drink blood." ....
The terrified gueata dropped their,
mugs and fled pell m'ell. The child,
prophet of ill, has not said a word
Since.
SUSPECTED OF ROBBEKT.— t>tectlv*»
Brenner and Freel arrested Michael Ryan nn
Mission street last night. Ho is wanted in
Suisun and Vacaville to answer robbery
charges.
UOK.V WITH WSlSt KKAHH
AND TALKS AT CIIHISTENIXCJ
TAKES UP HIS RESIDENCE IN OAK
LAND—Oakland, Oct. 16.— Major J5. C.
lUmiir and family have taken the home of
Victor H. Metcalf and will reside in Oakland
for some time. Major Kennie served through
the Civil war nnd, pome years aeo rstablliheJ
the business of the Mutual Life Insurance
Company In Australia.
NATIVE SONS' MINSTREL SHOW.—Oak
land. Oct. ' lti.— The Native Sons of Alameda
and Berkeley will give a black-face minstrel
show at the MacdonouKh Theater on Thursday
ani| Friday of this week. James Pllltnx baa
charge of the stagre management. Van E.
Dritton Is handling' the music and there will
be plenty of talent from among the lively
Alameda boys. The sale of seats begins at
the Macdorrough Theater Mohday morning'.
OAKLAND. Oct. 16.— Andrew J. Gil
bert, an urchiteot and builder for
many years in this} State, died to-day
at his. residence, 576 Thirty-fourth
street, after an illness of a year.
Born seventy-three years ago in New
York State, Mr. Gilbert lived there
until 1S76, when he came with his
family to California, settling at Wood
land, where for fourteen years he
practiced his profession of architect.
The family moved to Oakland four
teen yeara ago. He continued in busi
ness until failing health compelled
him to retire.
Mr. Gilbert's private collection of
minerals and semi-precious stonea is
one of the largest on the Pacific Coast,
lie delighted to interest and instruct
young men in the knowledge of these
sciences.
Had he Ijved until January 1, 1906,
Mr, Gilbert would have celebrated' the
fiftieth anniversary of his marriage to
her- who wns Miss Anna Comfort, who
survives. There are three children —
'b;,Q. Gilbert and F. H. Gilbert of Oak
land and Mrs. G. G. Clark of San
Francisco, The funeral will take place
Tuesday afternoqn at 2 o'clock from
the residence, 57(} Thirty-fourth street.
The Rev. F, H. Maar, pastor of the
Fourth Congregational Church, will
officiate. The remain*' will be cremat
ed at the Oakland Crematory.
Andrew ,1, <»ifl)crt, Formerly of Wood
land, passes x\\\ijy ait Ilia Hpnie
in Uakluml.
AGK1) ARCHITECT DIMS
AFTKK IXiNG ILLNKSS
The Realty, Bond and Finance Com
pany'has'recently announced its plan
for the. sale of firet . mortgage bonds
on Income Pflyir*S real estate,. These
are issued in denominations of (500 and
?}0d0 each and pay 4 VM cent.
The Fruitvale Automobile and Motor
Company will soon begin the construc
tion of its manufacturing plant. The
site recently bought has not yet been
made public. The directors of the new
cpmpany are; James D. MqFarland
Jr., president and. general manager; J,
A. Plymire, vice president; B. K. Gil
lespie, secretary; I* B,. M. D. f
treasurer;" JohntE. Goody, "C- H. Hunt,
Charles Eiferle, Robert Brown and H.
W. Littlewood. -'
,Wf have (|or,e a gootl bu»inegs. considering
the recent heHvy rainu and tho fact that a
PivKlihntUI election is close at hand. The
winter should witness a. l&fge nunibur of heavy
A. F. Cornwall of the E. P. Vjinder
cook Company said:
We' have had niany inquiries for small reui
tlence propprties liurins the last two or thre«
wijcks, the majority of them lining for homes at
prices from |200(» to $55W. IJulf the people
who* want to purchase property are non
ro.-iili-nts. nnd In almost every cave they wish
to huif Tor carii.
Our renting department is busy, but it woulil
be much more eo it we were able to find- more
dwellings renting a» from $15 to 123 a month.
There are very few of these to be had, although
many .".re vacant that rent at from |^0 to ?lf> a
month. • •
Few large transfers of real estate
have been recorded since the beginning
of the recent heavy rains, but dealers
in all parts of Oakland, report a brisk
business in sniall residence properties,
the prevailing prices ranging from
$2500 to 54000. Local real estate men
rind no fault with the present condi
tion of the market, all agreeing- that it
ia far better than they expected. AIt
most every dealer looked for a dull
season during the. Presidential carri'
paign, and they have been agreeably
surprised at the continued activity of
the market.
Two important building contracts
were filed during last week, one for a
$10,000 annex to Fabiola Hospital, and
the other for 120,00!) of construction
work on the Hearst Memorial Mining
buildinK at the University of Callr
forni:i. 'John liaader of Berkeley also
filed a contract for four cottages on.
North Harmorj street. T lie cost of these
dwellings is to be $1000 each.
The record of the summer should be
to every une interested in
the progress of Oakland and Alameda
County, for 1571 new residences, flats
and cottages have been constructed in
Oakland alone, and one real e3tate
firm. Holcomb, Breed' & Bancroft,
reports the sale of noarly 350 vacant
lota. Frank J. Woodward of the
Uealty, Bond and Fluanpe Company
says:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1018 Broadway, Oct. 16.
Oakland Heal Estate Dealers
Jivpect ISonie Heavy Sales
During the Coming Winter
ACTIVE MARKET
IS LOCKED FOR
HEAR SERMONS
FROM VISITORS
Oakland <jfflce Sft|i Krancisco Call.
10 1C Hroadwuy. i»ct. 16.
Many ff the clergymen who are at
tending ihe auauul conference of tht-
Methodist Church tSouih jtieached to
day frorii Qakiapd i)Ulriits. At Asbury
ilethudi^t tJhurch tsuuth ijisliop H. C.
Worrlfejjn of New Oilt-iins, presiding
uflirer of the C(iOffrer|V*< conducted
th« eervi.-e*. Tht i onlerencK will
close to-morrow, whtn Bishoj» Mor
rison will nu.ke the ustfignments of
pafciui.- Jui the cnJUiflS tfiurch yeai-.
At this Kirei .MtiiioaiM Church this
nioruing the itev. VV. ii. W'aegoncr uf
L'kiah. h i}i<:mb»c of tilt? Methodist
Souy» Cputcrcnre, delivtrtd u' dis
course.
The pulpit of Golden Gate Methodist
Church v.iis occupied this morjiinjr by
the j;ev. J. Krntry, D.U., or the
2Hetho<]:st rioulh Coniereiuti.
The Mtn's HOU4«y Club of the
ISighth-uvfci)Ur< Mfihodiait Church
Ihtenftd to q Oisciifjaion to-day on the
opfjii salocn. whivlj w-a Unl by the
Kev. I^. M. H.uJky, uuperintendent of
the Anti-Snluor. Ivatfut! of Kortbcrn
Californjii. _
Veteran I><ju-e of (Jood Vemplara
gave a relation thi? efternobn at th»
Firet Meiliodlsl Cjiurch to T. W.
Glove:. Mift giiiiid chief templar of
Xcv. 5ifc.«i;i!.il.
The B«v. B. M. HJJl. pastor of
Qolden Gate Methodist Church, has
berMn a Kt:rleB of t?ur»Jay erenlQK ser
mons on -'iSame Atu.i«rjl Empire
Builders." v
The Itev. Henry iV. Davis of tlie
San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association -officiated so-day at the
Tenth-ave:iU'> DanUfct Church.
The Itev. Ii. lieijiauj;, tuirate of Sat
Paul's Kpis^orml Church, jireacheii
thla morning., at t»l. Andrew's Episco
pal Church, i .
The liov. J. A. Q'Mearo, D.D.. savo
th« sormpn this erenlns Trinity
Episcopal Church.
Miss Mabel Hill, the. new prsranist
of the First Presbyterian -Church, gave
r sacred orjfan recitnl-jhj^ evepinff
a« a ijreludc to 4he rfE"ulu>, services.
The tundny school of the Ffr?t Free
Baptist Church guve its annuaf
vest concert this evening- . . '
The Rev. William M.' Jones, mlr»
trter of the First Unitarian Church,
preached this morning on "Marriage
:^id Divorce."
Itelegatca to Southern Metli
odist CoiitVirurc l'n,MU«U
tu Oaklanil Worshipers
The Uev. Charles T. Walkley, rector of St.
Paul"! Church; the Kev. \VIl(lam Camon
Shaw, refir of the Church of (ho Advent; the
Her. Cdcar F. U«», rector of St, John's
("huich; the Kev. Clifton Maoon, rector ut
Trinity Church ; the |tev. A- St. John Sicott.
rector of St.; Andrew's Church, and tha lipv.
1%. O. F\v»n rector of 8t. Mark's Church 'of
H-rkeUy.
hut. children, ycur srrat duty In |lf« 1m to
BTOW. net a mere '. physical Browth, hut in a
hi^htr rpiM'ual cenve, a (rrowth which chui^ld
n«ver ctakc. Tor he who ha,s c«a*id tQ grow
Is not flt to enter tlit- klnedum of hea\-cn. but
ir.ust siaii uPKtn and (row backward mul
Ut«v,nvvart| until he 1? again "^s a UUI« child. .
The clergymen \vho psrticipated in
the intercession day service were:
Th* triat Kins Holomon, ruler o( a great
nation, ujs 'often raada sorrowful by lh>
r< i ilnn'.ioH that he was "as a. little i-Iili'l," yet
it «ii» because of this thet he was lit to be
a Kiny.- tu rule uver a prttot inoiilr. tur King
Solo:r.un Iuve4 hilt peo'tle ' and wu« lov-il by
th«-.m.
It U ikclv that few (if the children present
know that they h»v« a duty in life. Their
<ti.i. b- to (.ring light and *un«hlne into the
l:^m«. U If their tluty tn love aii-I to exprem
yc-_:r '¦ vc and to b« loved. Trtls last duty you
»»j:i:i «o i>ertorm before you re^llie «ven what
lit* n«an«: By love, which it Is your duty
«:»i ypwi r'£l.t to 'xj-re**B, as yourVldf-rs cannot
<lo. y,u may bring others to love you; by
to'lng U.vcly. ani| wholesotn*. and clean in
spirit you »n«y brins' «unshli\e Into tl<<- lives
o: tVce<* whom you love'.
OAKLAND, Oct. lfi.— The combined
Sunday schools and choirs of the Epis
copal churches of Oakland,,. Berkeley
and Alameda celebrated the day of in
tercession for Episcopal Sunday schools
with a union service at Ht. John's
Church ihis afternoon, the service be
ing jointly conducted by the rectors of
all the Episcopal churches in the three
cities mentioned. The musical portion
of the service was rendered by the
choirs of Ht. Jc/hn's and Kt. Andrew's
churches of Oakland, Christ's Church
cf Alamedu and St. Mark's Church of
Berkeley.
Besides the members of the regular
Sunday schools ut the various churches
the eervue was attended by the tMU
dren of |h« Mission qf the Goud Sa
maritan of Oakland, They were ad
dressed by the Rev. William Norman
Cluthrie. ructtr of Christ's Church of
Alaim rfa. who took &6 his subject "The
Work und Duty of Children." His serr
mon was readily understood, in part
the rector's address was aj follows:
Montgomery was arrested In New
Mexico for working h land-fraud
scheme and fraudulantly obtaining
about $200 from eight people of Ros
well. On the publication of his arre3t,
thirty men and women of this city
Kent the above named men to the Chief
of Police last night to ascertain
whether Montgomery could not be
prosecuted. Rothchild said that each
of the thirty had contributed from $25
to $40 to thtt crook.
Montgomery's scheme was to present
payers showing porfer of attorney
granted him by certain people, in the
taking up of land grants in Siskiyou
County of this State. He told his vic
tims that he was representing an East
ern syndicate which wanted to secure
a large tract of timber land in Sis
kiyou Countv. He said that one claim
was all that he could take up, and
that if he was given $25 apiece by
thuse who wanted to make some
money, he would secure the claims for
them and later, through his syndi
cate, purchase the grants at $1000
apiece.
Captain Burnett informed the vic
tims that Montgomery would not be
brought to this city unless the parties
who lost the money wished to pay
for his being brought here.
Rothchild. Shepston and Robinson
say they will swear to complaints.
Montgomery is alleged to have
worked ten or more people in Oakland,
and is said to be wanted in Kansas
City and Stockton for similar illegiti
mate operations. All of his deals were
consummated last April, and the land
was to be delivered the last day in
June. At that -time Montgomery dis
appeared and was not heard from until
arrested in New Mexico.
The apprehended man has a wife ana
a son living at 13 Twelfth street, Oak
land. It is said that he got many
thousands of dollars through bogus
land and minlns schemes.
Lew Rothchild of 409 Market street
and AJ Shepaton and A. C. Robinson
of 103:! Market street renorted to the
police last night that they, along: with
twenty-seven uthers, had been victim
ized out of about $800 by S. W. Mont
gomery, tht; Oakland man who was ar
rested Saturday at Roavvell, N. M.
m'xcsi: mrniNu the »ti,kbkatiox of the day ok intercession fok episcopal BUNpAy-gcfioOLS, ijitung which
Tf|E REV. WILLIASI XOKMAK GpTMtlB. HECTOU OK CHRIST'S CHUUCH, DBW^'ERED AN INTERESTING ApDKESb
ON' -THE WORK A VU DUTY OF CHILDREN." . """
S, W. Montgomeiy, Arrested
in New Mexico, Is Much
Wanted in This City
SWINDLER HAS
MANY VICTIMS
F. O. Johnson to Carl II. Johnson, lot on E
line of Pease avenue (such line parallel with
and 70 E of W Hne of 4.00 acres described in
deed to J. N. AVehster et al. 77 p. 273), said
lioltit being OiPtant 103:3 S from center strip
of land conveyed to Bay and Coast Railroad
CprftPOiy 131 D. 155(1, and traversed by Narrow
Gr.u.e Railroad, E 4i>. N to 8 Una of- *trlp
AfpruKald. W. to E line of Pease avenue, S to
beginning, map j. N, ' Webster Four-acre
Tract, Alameda: ?10.
F. S. Armstrong (widow) to Nellie Arm
strong, lot beginning Io0 W from SW
curner of ('urtls nnd Bay »tr?et«. AV, by S
136:11. black 4, Curtis Tract. Berkeley: $5. .
Samuel H. and Harriet M. Ltncard to Mrs.
Lurretla C. Beardjn. lot on NE corner of Roue
and Josephine atceeta, N 4(1 uy E 133, lot 15,
block A, I^vlstoh Tract, etc.. Berkeley ;
Arthur G. and Laura P. - Smith to George
Pape, lot on K line of Milviu street, 123 9 of
University evenue, S 2i by E 51, being portion
of lot 14. block 1. Tract A, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
• "Realty Syndicate (corporation) to E. ' E.
Adam* (uinele) lot 1U, block I."'-, map McGee
Tract, portion Plat ii7, etc Berkeley: $10.
Harry H. and Virginia M. W«bb (by Alfred
vpn der Ropp. attorney) to Alvan E. Small,
lot f>. block tf, amended 'map Central Park,' Al
catraz and Newbury stations. Berkeley; $10.
Oscar Kutri. to Wlllurd White, lot on NW
correr of Santa Clara avenue and Fourth
(West End avenue) street. N 135, \V at right
angles 45.40 W in straight line to point on S
line of lialght avenue. 40 W from SW fine of
Ilaiirht avenue and Fourth street, th«nc« TV
2<M, 8 270, E 250 to beslrinlng. lots 22 to 3U. 9
tu 12 and portion lots 8 and 21. block C,
amended map resubdivleion of Height Tract,
Alameda; (10.
Ueurg<? C. l,j}»vrcncs to Lauga I. Li*wrenp«.
lot on NW line pr Piedmont avenue (Webster),
5Of.:U SW of Movh avenue. SW 69:8, NW 1M:4,
NE 52:«. SE i!07:r>. being portion plat 8. map
Hitchcock |>roperty. Oakland,; gift.
George Palmer (by' Harlow P. Bancroft, at
torney) tq H. F. Munsch, lot pn K l|ne of
Dover 8tre:t, 115 N of Firty-*econd, N .'« by
E 110. lot Vi. block L. Santa Fe Tract No. a,
Oakland, deed and agreement: >10.
Arthur E. arid Qertrude M. Caldwell (wife) to
Ellen J. Hakcr. lot on N line of Orant' avenue,
till) E of Telegraph avenue. E 00 by N 115. lot
71, amended man of tubilivislon of Mosswood
Tract, Oakland ; 510. A
Sain H. and Anna C. Gandrup to O. F.
Rllllet. lot on N line of Thirty-elfhth streat,
500 VV r of Tek'Kraiih avenue, W 100 by N
144:10, lots H and IS, Perrin Tract. Oakland;
$1U.
Adelr.nle Haynes (widow) to A<1el(np L. Curr
ran (wife nf ' J. F.), lot on S line of Tenth
etrj»<n. 75 W of Castro* W L'T by S 100. lot 14
and portion of lot U, bloclv iW. Kelle«ter6^r's
map, Oakland; $10.
Abby F. Qlckel iwlfe of Homer T.) to Homer
T. Utikel, lot on N line of West Tenth street,
1M>;« W of AdeHa*, AV tw by N 118:U. block
M>:t, Boardmun's m.-u>. Oakland; f 10.
'John A. and Emma I.. FirkiiK to .Tosaph W.
l.lnch^ni, |«| on N Une of B'orty-6ev«nth street.
Ui'V-lJof Grose, R Ttd by N )(X>, lut tj, talcck
211*t. Alden Tii»i-t at Tcinascal, Oakland; $!p.
Henry Crocker to Harry B. Crocker, lot UU,
biwHiSi, tn«p h'orthtni AWitipo to t«wp pt
lirooklyn. Eafl Oakland; $10O.
Uerry-U.angs Land i.'ompuny la corporation)
to Jcuu C. Hanvey, lot eri \V line of HillcgaKs
avenue, 200 S of btuart Btrept, S 50 by W 14S,
lot X>, block H r Llcrry-llangs Tract, niftl' 'i,
Berkeley, deed an I agreement; Sill.
Kutrf A. and 6. I). Wood to L-?ila EIll£ lot
on E linu ot' llenvcnue fivenua, 50 S of Derby
ttrect, 8 .*><) by K US, lot 10, block A, same
map, Berkeley; $lt».
The itealty Syndicate to Thomas A. Kox
(ningle). W Hi> fevt of lots 13 and II. block U,
Mctlee Tract, portion plat 07, etc:, Berkeley,
HO.
J. W. apd Emma B. Crisppn, Mark Ij. and
Mary F|elr| to Isaac U'. and K1I» M. Uriden
becker. lot on N line uf Want r'treet, Vso \V cf
M.ir.iii avenue, \\' fl. 1\i by N l;:">, lot 7. blt.oii
D. map of IServy- Hangs Trac>. Berkeley (cuii
v«ys all intt-rest in agieernent 075 I). HUU) : $10.
l«a«>: W. and VA\a M. Bi IdtiibecUcr to J. YV.
Crispin and Mark D. Field, pame; |10.
Munuel I'erry to Catherine si. Perry, lot on
S line of Halght avenue, 2i\ :*i E of its inter
section ivitli AivldinK line between chiimian
West. IHCh" acres and Aughinbaugh U*2U,'{74
acre tracts. K 3u by S 103.7."V. portion Aughin
baugh 2-:i..lH aQr« tract, Alamoiia; gilt.
J. A. (or John A.) anJ V. H. Parker to K. F.
Porter, lot on S line of Klifhth utreet, U37:S IS
Of Cfiiter, ¥i 50, tf VdV, \\ .ij. S 51, W 45. N 52,
K HO, N 120' to Wginnlng. block 5;!2, Board
jiiiin'B map, Oakland; $10.
Alamrilu County.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 1.1
HEAL ESTATE THANSACTIONS.
M:r» Carrie J. Pratt, assistant librarian, hau
sall'il for the Hawaiian ls>l:m>l.-, where bhe will
spend a vacation Of six we«-ks.
OAKLAND. Oct. IK.— Two affairs are on
the card* lor this wtek, both of which
are litii'iitant in o eucial as well as
an qrtistl" way. On Wednesday evening
the. testimonial conceit for fidward A. Thorn
ti-;i. th ; wall known tfnor who ha3 been *ul
fcring for months with a serious illness, will
take place in Aiameda at Hie Unitarian •'hurch.
On tht* Saturday "roll"wing Ben Greet and his
admit able company will present "As You Like
It" at MillM College for the endowment fund.
Tlie weather permitting. "As You Uke It'"
will taka plaoe'ln tlv> srarden, and interested
onep ttre praying earnestly fur fair waather.
for no more delightful setting could be Imag
ined for tiUakes-peftitj'a romantic comedy than
the graceful trees and velvety lawn of the col
lege grounds. In the evening "The Merchant
oil Venice" will be given by th.e same company
•4n I^lssftr Hall. Fir those who wjsh to see
both plays e. eupper will be served in the in
terim by the college girl* and the famed hospi
tality of Mills will be extsndud lo eveiy vis
itor.
Many of the old graduates and former pupils
of the college are planning to cpend the day
at Mills and everything paints to a brilliant
and delightful occasion.
1 The Thcrntim concert has been arranged by
August Hlnrichs and the well known namej
on the programme proml!<e much for Its suc
cess. Among the soloists who will participate
are Harry Ferry, Mrs. Charles II.- Farrell,
Mr. Hlnrich» anA the Golden Gate Quartet,
which Includes t'rjink Onslow, Arthur Macurdaj
J. le I*. Teller and Harry l'erry.
Miss Elizabeth Westgate and Fred Maurer
JT-.wUl bu th<i accompaplsts.
Mrs. E. C. Robinson, will give a military
euch.re party nest Tuesday evening- Pl«(t-.
and tho always heautltul r-.-d. white and blue
will be used in tht decorative wheme and th<;
hostess will hi assjsteil tn receiving her guests
— ahout E«*venty have bten Invited— by Mrs. C.
H. Cowell. /
Mrs. M. E. l^arkpy and her daughter. Miss
Ida l.ar'ivey. entertained tills iifternoon fur Mrs.
Melville Dozier (nee Kirjaeyh
* » . •
ALAMEDA. Oct. l<i. — Announcement was
made to-day of the engagement of Miss Lilllaii
pectt. daughter o( U. T. Scott of Chestnut sta
tion, to .OcorKe \V. Kelly of San Francisco.
Th* wedding day has not yet been chosen, but
w ill be ifi! November. Mr. Kelly is identified
wlt.'i the Vnion llut Company, and the young
couple will ai'tt-r their marriage take up their
residence in Lou Angpirs.
Mrs. Jaccba Pfell announces tho engagement
of her daughter, Miss 1.UI Pfell, to Emll A.
HernU't, manager for \VMIlam. fMmond jfe Co.,
Honolulu. Tho bride-fleet Is the granddaugh
ter of Captain lv. von ot'-rendorp of this city.
S=he l« mow visiting In Portland, Or.
Concert and Play.
You will also make such changes In the reg
ulations a» are recommended by the commis
sion, and you will therefore call a special
meeting of the Hoard of Supervising Inspec
tor* for this purpose. You will also lay before
Ccpgress a request that the law b« changed in
the various particulars recommended hy th»
commission. I wish particular emphasis laid
upon the proposal of the commlsalon that ther<»
be created by law - speoial body thoroughly
t<> Investigate th* laws which are supposed to
provide for the safety of passengers on steam
boats, especially on excursion boats, where
the prime causes of danger are th» overcrowd
ing and the flimsy an.! highly inflammable
character of the superstructures. Very truly
yours. THF.onORE ROOSEVELT.
The supervising inspector general has at
present no headquarters foree of speota!
agent?, so that it is undoubtedly very difficult
for him to exercise any adequate and direct
supervision over the various local divisions o."
the Inspection service. In each division he
must rely rhlefly on the fidelity and energy oS
the local heads; and If these fall to perform
their duty they mu»t be held accountable. Kb
must, however, exercise as thorough a super
vision as the nii-ar.s at his disposal altow. In
order that I may be informed as to the exact
condition of the service in all Its parts. I direct
you to order a searching Investigation In con
tinuance of the investigation of the commis
sion. Into the conduct of the central office and
of every outside cubdlvislon of the servtce save
that In New York.
So much for what the Department of Justice
has done In reference to the disaster. But in
addition to the men put on trial by the De
partment of Justice, action should b« taken
againat thuse employes whose responsibility
for the state of things producing the accident
has been brought cut In the report of the com
mission. According to this report. It .appears
that in addititon to the two assistant inspact
tors who are now on trial, the supervising In
spector oi the Second District. Mr. Rodle. a.ml
the two local inspectors of the port of Ntw
York. Mr. Dumor.t and Mr. Barrett, should all
three be removed fnr laxity and neglect In
performlne their duties. As regards the con
duct of Mr. Rodie. Mr. Chl«r dissents from the
conclusions of the four other Commissioners.
I agree with the conclusions »f the other four.
Laxity and neglect, where the consequence*
may be so terrible as they have been proved
In this case, cannot be passed over even wher<>
there has been good conduct in other respect*
by the present men Implicated. Accordingly,
the three officials named wit? be removed from
the service. Moreover, you will plea»e direct
their successors in offlv» t.> at (inn conduct i
thorough examination of th? entire inspection
fcrce of the port of New York, with the ob
ject of weeding out all tha men whom sut-h
examination shall s^ow to b« unfltt'd \o per
form tit.- very arduous and responsible duties
of their positions.
Lundberg had been appcinted merely on pro
bation in the service and has been dropped.
There can, of course, be no further action
taken against Fleming until his trial has been
finished, although it does not follow that an
acquittal would prevent the Department of
Juatlco from discharging him from the service.
In addition, the Department of Justice has
secured Indictment of the manager and three
employes of the Nonpareil Cork Works of Cam
den, N. J.. for putting upon the market com
pressed cork blocks for uae In making life pre
servers, each of which block contained; In Its cen
ter a piece of bar Iron weighing several ounce*.
This last ii ff ••:'..-'• was of so heinous a character
that it is difficult to comment upen It with
proper self-restraint. It appears that the Na
tional Legislature ha» never enacted a law pro
viding in set terms for the punishment of thi»
particular species ot Infamy, doubtless becaus*
it never entered the head of any man that so
gross an infamy, could be perpetrated. I sug
gest that you report this whole matter to Con
gress, transmitting these two reports and at
the same time calling special attention to the
need« of imposing an adequate penalty for the
making or selling ul defective life saving appli
ances.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16.— The report
of the United States Commission of In
vestigation on the disaster to the
steamboat General Slocum was made
public to-day. In connection with the
important findings of the commission
presented in the report. President
Roosevelt, to whom the report was
submitted, has written a letter to Sec
retary Metcalf of the Department of
Commerce and Labor briefly summai -
izing the report and directing him to
carry into effect the recommendations
of the commission. He also directs that
Robert S. Rodie, supervising Inspector
of the Second District, steamboat in
spection service, and James A. Du
mont and Thomas H. Barrett, local in
spectors in charge of the port of N>w
York, be discharged from the service.
the commission noiding them directly
responsible for the laxity of the steam
boat inspection to which the Slocum
disaster was directly attributable.
Appended to the report is a report
from the Department of Justice on the
criminal proceedings connected witTi
the disaster, and the life preserver
cases.
The President's letter to Seeretary
Metealf foHows. dated October 13:
I have received the report ef th» "Commis
¦ion of the f'nited States on the Investigation
of the Central fc-Ioeum Disaster." an<} the re
port of the Department of Justice of October
12. recapitulating "hit ha* b«en den* by th»
Department of Justice in connection with th«
criminal proceedings taken against various In
divldualc because of their connection with th*
disaster. I swnd herewith both reports.
Punitive action by the Government can. of
course, only take two forms: One, that of legal
proceedings asatnat these either within or
without the service, and. two, removal cf tho»«
within the service from office. It appears that
the Dtpartment of Justice has already teeur«<1
indictments against the master and captain of
the Slocum and against th; managing directors
of tho Knickerbocker Steamboat Company, to
which company tha Sloc-tim belonged, for mis
conduct, negligence and Inattention to duty by
the captain an-1 for aiding and abetting therein
by the managing directors. Furthermore, the
Department of Justice has secured Indictments
again.M H»nry Lundberg and John V»\ Fitminj.
the assistant inspectors of the Steamboat In
spection Service, who* actually Inspected th»
Slocum, for fraud, misconduct and inattention
to duty.
Anxious to carry out the principles
represented by Audubon societies
throughout the country, seventy-five
men and women of BorKeley who are
loVera of birds organized lasi night the
second Audubon Society in California.
Tlio meeting was held at thp school of
Miss Anna Head, Charles Keeler. the
Berkeley poet, was chosen president,
Miss. Arina Head secretary and Pro
fessor C. E*f|ca of'the L-atin department
of the university treasurer.
Informal addresses dealing with the
well-known ohjects of the Audubon Ho
ritty were made by Charles Keeler.
Professor \V. B. Rittsr and others. The
scopo of the society's work was out
lined by Professor Hitter. He said that
literature would be procured from the
bird protection committee of the Amer
ican Ornithological Union for circula
tion in California. This literature deals
with the economic value of birds, the
evils wrought by hunters and the in
centive bird-killers receive from wunir.
en who wear bird plumage in their
hats.
Literature is also to be received from
the Ujnlogtcal Survey of the Agricul
tural Department at Wifshington,
which will discuss lh<> influence? of
birds upon'; crops and other features of
bird life and activity.
Tho new gpeiefy adopted a constitu
tion and by> laws prepared by a carn
mitteo ir?p}udinp Mra. R. Palmer.
Charles Keejer and Professor Ritter.
The nejet meeting will he held in four*
weeks at M|S3 Head's school.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. IS.
Audubon Society Is Formal
by Berkeley \ Folk Whu
Love the Winded Tribe
Hunger likewise checked the enthu
siasm of the pilgrims and they stopped
in their pursuit after feathered vic
tims to forage for supper. This hav
ing been their first experience, food
was somewhat difficult to obtain. The
youngsters did not possess the, nerve
that older strangerg in the tramping
line acquire. Worn oiit and all thought
of ducks vanished, the wearied boys
sought shelter. In their slumbers
they of mighty sport only to
be uroosed by the stern call of the
night watchman, who gathered in the
young runaways and sent them to th»>
County Jail.
In response to telephone messages,
a bunch of relieved relatives arrived
at the jail and escorted the juvenile
fugitives back to home and better
beds than the bottom of a vagrant
wagon, with the starry blanket of the
heavens for a coverlid.
The duck season opened unauspi
ciousjy for two youthful nimrods from
San Francisco, who were found, cold,
tired and hungry, sleeping in the bot
tom of a wagon at Fruitvale early
this morning by Deputy Constable
Dearborn.
Charles Fowler. 12 years old. resid
ing at 1027 Laguna street, and Henry
Ulna, about the samp age, who lives
at 1043 Geary street, were the young
sters. The pair eluded parents and
set out yesterday afternoon for the
duck ponds. Each had provided him
self with a pistol, 22-raliber size, and
between them the disciples of the
sport had 300 rounds of cartridges.
The journey in search of the succu
lent game went well enough until
nightfall overtook the plodding hunt
erg at the outskirts of the city's sub
urbs.
Oakland Office' San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. IS.
To- a large audience of university
students at Hti'eK Hall Dr. VV. tivay ot
the N'nrthfleld Institute faculty dia
• •gurbtil. this alu i '.••••¦i it. .«-Vvgn«-i»t
words, and" with apt ilmstiutlons .uuim
the value of spiritual power to students
who are also Christian workers, ambi
tions tP secure results. He sajd in part:
More than hummi n^ano and Hijman skill Is
no-t^ary tor eurceis in Christian work. Th«
powtr of tho Holy Spirit is #s?enMal to make u«
t.f^-riffablo. fruit-touring Christians «nd work
er*, \vjth tha anointing ot lh* spirit tfeshall
tvurk woiijtrs for Ki&d. Withau; it »« art
feeble. Impotent, of )>piaU »«rvice. f'ongider
lh» cas'j of JJwtpht I.. Moody, who foundfil
Nortlifleld lnetituie. He was but a shoe clerk
jn ChicaBo when lip began evangelistic work,
Satin he had the largest, congregation !p t'hl
tug'j. .Spu;» werfi raved. NJoody was sur.c«>«i
lul. But twu eld la.iles told him he needed
rh« anointing of thft spirit. He wondered, In
vestigated, prsye*} and received. He then b«
ranie a woodvF under Clod, sw«eping i-Jmat
lirltaip a,nii th«- ITnJtfil States with hundreds of
thousand* of mills Raved, as the fruit of his
rninUtry. His sueceis as a world evangelist
datej froin ths time of his anointing by-tht
Holy Spirit.
Berkeley Office San Franeisep Call.
214S Center street. Oct. 16.
ROOSEVELT ACTS
WITH PROMPTNESS
WOULD ABOLISH
BIRDS ON HATS
Nerve Gives Out as Dark
ness Overtakes Them and
They Yield to Weariness
Stiles Hall Crowded With
University Young People
feagfti' to Hear Discourse
ADDRESS BY DK. GRAY
Held Responsible for Slocum
Tragedy by Commission
and Are to Be Dismissed
From the Federal Service
FLEE FBOJI THE CITY
Journey of Two Youngsters
in Search of Ducks Ends
in Alameda County Jail
Eloquent Speaker Tells
Students the Secret of Suc
cess in Iteligious Work
Combined Choirs and Sunday Schools
Celebrate the Day.
RECTOR'S ADDRESS TO YOUTH
INSPECTORS
BLAMED FOR
DISASTER
POWER NEEDED
TO WIN SOULS
YOUNG NIMRODS
COME TO GRIEF
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17; 190*.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Any Skin Disease
use
It will help and qure you. Will
send Trial Bottle Free to any-
one sending ioc. to pay postage.
It is absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you.
Sold by leading druggists.
None genuine without my signature.
6io Prince St., New York.
Send for free Booklet en " How to treat
tfUeuea," containing hundreds ot testi-
monials of wonderful cures.
BBANGH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center St»-qet.
Telephone Xortli 77.
. ALAMEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda »59.United States Coast and 'Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAT. OCTOBER 17.
Sun rises 6:20
Sun sets 5:30
Moon sets • ....0:00 a. m
0 iTlme! - |TlmeJ • ITlmel jTlme
» ( ( Ft. 1 f Ft. ( ( Ft. | Ft.
? IL W| !H W| |L W| |H Wl
17 | 0:00 0.6 7:15 4.6112:40 3.1! 8:1S| 4.3
18 I 0:52 0.S 8:02 4.9, 1:38 2.7| 7:271 4.2
19 1:42 1.0 8:41 5.0 2:2S 2.2 8:26| 4.2
20 2:27 1.2 9:15 6.2 3:08 1.0] 9:19. 4.4
21 .1:05 1.3 fl:4S| 5.1 3:47 1.5110:081 4.6
22 | 3:35| 1.5 10:17| 5.1| 4:21|. 1.1!10:50| 4.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given in the left
Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred to and from all trains,
steamers, etc.. at low rates. One trunk (sin-
Kle trip) 35 cents: round trip 50 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor st., 650 Market
St., Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46»
Evangelist Gray to Lecture.
Rev. James M. Gray, D.D., the fa
mous evangelist, will lecture in West
minster Church this evening and in
the First Presbyterian Church on
Tuesday evening.
Health and Purity Combined
In Leslie Sterilixed Salt. No bay sewage con
tamination. For table it excels all others.' •
The fair at St. Brigid's, which was
opened a week ago, will continue until
next Saturday.' It has been well pat- |
ronized by the^ people of the parish.
' The new St. Brigid's has been in !
course of erection about ten years and !
is in many ways the' handsomest!
house of worship on the coast. It will '
be ready for occupancy in November. |
The coming week will be devoted
to at homes given by ' the various
booths. On Wednesday the St. Fran
cis, conducted by the Duffleld,- Quinn I
I and Homsman families, will enter- j
tain. On Tuesday evening at the at •
home of Post Graduate Booth the !
band of the St. Vincent Orphan Asy
lum-will add to the entertainment. The {
three altars for the church are ex-
I pected this week- They are from the
: Carrara marble quarries in Italy. The
high altar is the gift of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Sullivan and will cost SaOOO.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FAIR AT ST. BHIGID'S
IS WELL PATRONIZED
Steamer. Destination. | Sail*
Humboldt.... Skagway 4b TVay Ports.] Oct. 18
FROM SEATTLE.
The unusual rough weather on th* coast has
in a number of cases prevented many
small v<w>sels from landing cr receiving cargo.
The steamer .-Newport sailed several days ags
for Pigeon Point and found such a heavy sea
breakinz on th« beach that she was forced to
return in ballast to this port.
Unable to luuul.
band column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, aa
scraetlrces occurs. The heights given are la
addition to the rounding* of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus i — )
sign precedes the height, and then the cumber
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Js the mean
of the lower low waters.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.) Pier.
October 17. |~
San Pedro.. Humboldt 112 mlPier 2
Ontralla... Los Angles Porta.llO amIPier 1U
Samoa Lo» Angeles Ports. 110 am; Pier 2
Coronado — Oray« Harbor ....' 4 pmlPler 1O
UmatUla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am'Pler 9
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmjPler 2
October 18. |
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pmjPler 20
Coos Bay.- , San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Breakwater.! Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
October 19.
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pmjPler 20
Rainier Seattle Sc Bellnghm 4 pmiPter lo
Aroer. Maru China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amjPter 2-4
Arctic ,- Humboldt I 0 am! Pier 2
S. Barbara.. Grays Harbor ! 4 pm'Pier 2
Chlco Coqullle River ....! 1 prn Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt jl:30pPler 9
October 30. I
Eureka Humboldt I n am Pier 18
Northland.. Astoria & Portland' 5 pmlPler 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts.l 2 pm Pier 7
Mariposa... Tahiti direct Ill amjPier 7
Nlcaria Hamburg & Way.. 1 10 am'Pier 20
Alliance...- Eureka & Coos B.l |Pler 16
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion' « pmlPler 2
State of Car San Diego & Way.! 0 am Pier 11
October 21. j j
Arcata -j Coos B. & Pt. OrfdllO am'Pier 13
Jeasle I Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm'Pier 20
October aa.
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmiPler 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 11 amlPter 11
Queen Puset Sound Ports. 11 am! Pier 9
City Peking. N. T. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Plefr 27
October 23.
N Fork Humboldt 9 am|Pler 20
October 24.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 25. | 1
China China & Japan 1 1 pm|Pier 40
Algoa China & Jaoan 1 ! Pier 40
October 27. I
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill amiPier 9
The assemblage was called to order
by Frances Griffiths, president of the
parlor, who in a short address ex
plained the reason for the visit. The
drill corps, in natty uniform of dark
blue with gold trimming and each
member wearing a Jaunty cap, was
then escorted into the hall by the Se
quoia drum corr>s. The first number on
the programme was the singing of
"America," followed by a violin solo by
Rose Manning, a member of the visit
ing parlor. This was followed by the
singing of "Astore" by Ruby Davis,
also a member of the parlor. For an
encore she sang sweetly "Annie Lau
rie," and during the singing it was no
ticed that quite a number of the old
people, who were most attentive listen
ers, £ave way to tears.
5 Then followed the singing of "The
Star-Spangled Banner," and with the
first notes nearly all the inmates rose
and joined in the chorus, proving that
I their love for the flag, notwithstanding
changed conditions, is still strong with
in them. Instrumental selections on
guitar and mandolin were played by
Dr. Broad and Frank La Torres.
Little Gracie Allen pleased the audi
ence with a song and dance, and then
four young pupils of Miss Allen danced
an Irish cotillon— a number that de
lighted the aced inmates, who mani-
I fested the pleasure they felt by long
[applause. Mr. Kentzel of Sequoia Par-
I lor sang ballads, and the Kreig sisters,
members of La Vespero Parlor, ren
dered several musical selections. The
past grand president. Belle W. Conrad,
spoke on the object of the order of Na
tive Daughters and of La Vespero Par
lor's act in coming so far from their
homes that enjoyment might be fur
nished to those who were greatly in
need of it.
| The assistant superintendent of the
Almshouse thanked the ladies of the
parlor for their kindness. E. C. Stock
spoke of the unselfishness of the mem
bers in leaving homes and friends on
their day of rest that many might have
a few hours of recreation and divertlse
ment frt>m the humdrum of life in the
home and on the farm. The programme
closed with the singing of "The Red.
White and Blue," followed by an exhi
bition drill, in which the drill corps
gave a good exemplification of military
movements, each being executed with
precision.
The Pa.ra.iso Sorlnss are always oaeo. *
The inmates of the Almshouse were
pleasantly entertained yesterday after
noon by the members of La Vespero
Parlor No. IIS, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, assisted by the uniformed
drum corps of Sequoia Parlor No. 160 of
the Native Sons. The meeting hall
was crowded with the inmates of the
home.
TO SAIL.
Th*> littl" friends of Miss Anita Cook,
daughter of Mrs. F. H. Cook. 133S Web
ster street, were present on Octol^r 1
fn honor of her fourth hirthday.
They xrere Nona Dourlass. Verna Rat.
Mrs. Norine Crawford gave a lunch
eon on October 12 at her home in Ala
meda. The guests were Mrs. G. K.
Rutherford, Mrs. L. Smith. Mrs. G.
I>*>wis. all of Alameda: Mrs. R. B.
Hayes. Mrs. Leonard. Mrs. Church.
Mrs. Le Roy. Mrs. T. B. Connor. Mrs.
Style?. Mrs. G. Kalin. Mrs. S. Kahn
Mrs. S. T. F*Iix. Mrs. J. J. Mr-Guinness
«jf San Francisco. Mrs. Crawford's
mother. Mr«. «". E. Rutherford, was
th*» gu*>st r.f honor.
Mies Annie Moil«*r was the recipient
of a surprise party at her home. SOU
Lombard street, on October 8. With
garr.^p ard dancinic these young peoplu
passed an evening of pleasure: O. R.
Blerrin. Ar.ni<? Moller. Minnie MoIIer.
William Lindecker. Jack Samuelsen.
Mamie Smith. Charles W. LudolDh.
P**te C. Petersen. Marie Samuelsen.
Mthel GMdings, Rosie Walkmeister.
Annie Laudon. A. Bockman. Violette
Raynaud. o. W. Brain. Miss I,. Van
derbilt. G. Masr-n, Bertha Schmitt.
Hilda Schmitt, F. Loudan. Mr. Bel
inann. O. Smith. A. J. Schmitt. A J
Blnger. C. Zisle. F. Zeil.
A surprise party to Jo-hn L. Morris
i\as given by his friends on his fiftieth
birthday. October 9, at his home. 17
Chattanooga street. Many were pres
ent to wish for Mr. Morris another
half century of life. Those who took
part in the evening's pleasure were:
Mr. and Mrs. W. TV. Wright. Miss Ger
trude L. Morris. Mr. and Mrs. Spaur,
Mr. Decatur, Mr. and Mrs. R. Weeks,
«;^orce D. Morris. Miss Constance
Haine«. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Morris,
Mrs. J. S. Morris.
Mis? Hazel Sobey. Dolly Varden;
Miss Irene Adams, costume of paper
napkins; Miss Elizabeth McDermcrtt,
domino: Miss Jeanette Thomas, jockey;
Miss Libby Schumacher, poppy; Miss
Myrtle Coulter, night; Mi?s Anita
Classen. Spanish girl; Miss Florence
Moran. peasant; Miss Clara Wepfer,
<;rerian lady; Miss Clarita Game.
Spanish girl; Miss Lily Bell Moss
bach. Egyptian lady; Miss Marian
Mossbach. queen of hearts: Miss Grace
Darcey, liberty; Miss Mabel Dodge,
truest; Miss Eleanor Thomas. little girl;
Wilfred Sobey. clown: Bert Adams,
picnic costume: Ray Edwards, clown;
Oeot-ge Edwards, school boy: Carl Ker
atz. colonial gentleman: Howard Cut
ting, sailor, man-of-war: Fred Belton,
hayseed: Clarence Coggin. demon; El
mer Curtis, Napoleon; Albert Stege
man, monk: Rob Bailey, cavalier;
Mead Hamilton, guest.
M:5S Lily Bell Mossbach gave a
rrasquerade party last week at her
home. 2720 Array street. The follow
ing young persons were present, their
Impersonations following their names
in the list:
HOME PARTI US.
ENTERTAINING
AGED INMATES
The German-American Union of
California held its first meeting' yes
terday at Eintracht Hall. It was
called German day, and was a success.
The object of this union Is to foster
the German language and physical
culture.
Over sixty German societies of this
State were represented. Delegates came
from every section and large numbers
of the different societies came from
the cities about the bay. The exer
cises began at 10 o'clock in the morn
ing and continued until midnight. More
than 5000 people participated? The
exercises opened with the convention,
the principal feature of which was
the organization of the union as a
State league. Following this came the
formal reception to the delegates from
the differnt sections of the State. The
afternoon session lasted from 2 until
6. It was made up of an interesting
programme, composed of musical se
lections and athletic features by
classes of youths and young girls. The
feats were all accomplished in first
class style, and received by the great
audience with thunders of applause.
Among, those who particularly dis
tinguished themselves were members
oi the Eintracht turn section, led by
Professor H. C. Stahl; members of the
San Francisco Turn Verein, led by
Professor Hans Goetz, and members of
the Mission Turn Verein,' led by Pro
fessor \V. Bach.
Between the afternoon and the
evening session a promenade concert
took place to the music of Louis von
der Mehden's Orchestra. The even
ing's entertainment began at 8 o'clock
before an audience that completely
filled the hall. The music was of a
very high class and the splendid sing
ing of a number of the German socie
ties was a great feature of the enter
tainment. Besides the German na
tional anthem, the "Star Spangled
Banner" occupied a conspicuous place
on the programme.
Frank J. Syrnmes, the president of
the Merchants' Association, delivered
an able address on the friendly com
mercial relationship existing between
this country and Germany. Next year
the union will probably hold its meet
ing in the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Following are the officers of the
union: Professor Hugo K. Schilling,
president; Dr. Julius C. Voje, first vice
president; A. Entzmann, second vice
president; F. Gessler, recording secre
tary; Carl W. Mueller, corresponding
secretary; H. Kessel, financial secre
tary: John Hermann, treasurer. Dr.
F. Kuckein. the ex-president, also
ts.kes an active part in the adminis
tration of the affairs of the associa
tion. "; ':¦':'.
TEUTONS HOLD
BIG MEETING
Steamer. From. I Due.
G. Dollar Grays Harbor 'Oct. 17
Meteor Seattle ;Oct. 17
Centralla Grays Harbor lOct. 17
Elizabeth Coqullle River [Oct. 17
Breakwater... Oops Bay lOct. 17
Arctic Humboldt |Oct. 17
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma lOct. 17
Sta.e of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts.tOct. 17
Pomona Humboldt 'Oct. 17
Chico Coqullle River [Oct. 17
W. Kroger.... Humboldt Oct. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.|Oct. IS
Queen Puget Sound Ports ,:Oct. IS
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. lOct. 19
Eureka Humboldt Oct. IS
Wellington... O>-3ter Harbor [Oct. 19
Del Norte Crescent City |Oct. 19
P.Barbara.... San Pedro [Oct. 19
San Jose New York via Ancon. .lOct. 19
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Oct. 19
Bonita Newport Sc Way Ports. 'Oct. 19
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordlOct. 19
North Fork .... Humboldt 'Oct. 2O
Homer San Pedro Oct. 20
Corona Humboldt Oct. 20
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Oct. 20
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 20
Argo i Eel River Ports Oct. 21
Columbia I Portland 4 Astoria .... Oct. 21
S. Dollar .Yokohama 'Oct. 21
Coos Bay I San Pedro & Way Pts-IOct. Tt
City Puebla . . . I Puget Sound Ports IO«-t. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor !Oct. 24
Centennial Seattle Sc Tacoma (Oct. 25
Alameda Honolulu [Oct. 25
Doric China & Japan ! Oct. 25
City Panama. New York via Ancon.. 'Oct. 26
Curacao, Mexican Ports [Oct. 27
Movements of Steamer**.
TO ARRIVE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, Oct. 15.
Ship Elwell, Burke. 70 days from New
castle N S W.
Stmr City of Peking, Robinson, 25 days from
Ancon vta San Bias 7 days.
Schr Salvator. Oberg. 11 days from Kla-
Wi Schr Alpha. Jensen. S days from Coqullle
KIVer " Sunday. Oct. 16.
Stmr CoQUille River. Adler. 5 days and 16
hours from Port Blakeley.
Stmr Newport, Corning. S houra from Pigeon
Stnir Rival. Fosen, 59 hours from San Pedro.-
Stmr Newsboy. Lee. SS houra from Crescent
City.
Ger stmr Ammon. Jurgenson, 106 days from
Hamburg, via Maxatlan 6 days.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. 67 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 4"* hours.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson, 74 hours from San
Pedro and way port*.
Stmr Centralia, Erickson. 76 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 25 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Br ship Acamas, Nelson. 74 days from
Newcastle Aus.
Schr Coquelle Spring, 0 days from Coqullle
River.
Schr Lizzie Vance. Tietjen, 9 day« from
: Grays Harbor.
NOTE.
The destination of the steamer Olympic, sail
ing from San Francisco October 14, was Bel
lingham and not Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Saturday. Oct. 15.
Stmr Centennial. Klittgard, Seattle.
Stmr Sequoia. McClements. South Bend.
Stmr Whltesboro, Hansen. Greenwood.
Stmr Jas S Hlggins. San Pedro.
Stmr G«o Loomls, Badger. Redondo.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendoclno.
Schr Falcon. Anderson. Grays Harbor.
! Sunday, Oct. 16.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, Eureka.
Stmr Alcatraz, Andresen. Greenwood.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
Stmr National City. Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival. Fosen. Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Marshfleld, Dettmers. Hardy Creek.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Eureka.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Bella Jacobsen, Siuslaw River.
Schr Mary Etta. Wetzel. Black Point.
Schr Bessie K. Stark. San Vicente Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 16. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Alliance, from As
toria. for San Francisco, via Eureka.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 15, 2 a m—
Stmr Coos Bay. for San Francisco; stmr Bo
nita. for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Arrlvd Oct 15— Stmr Shasta,
hence Oct 13.; stmr Chas Nelson, hence Oct |
13; schr Cecilia Sudden, from Wlllapa Harbor
Sailed Oct 15— Schr Alert, for Belllngham:
schr Sadie, for Umpqua; bktn J L Evlstoa. for
Tacoma.
The destination of the schr Resolute, which
sailed from here yesterday, should be Grays
Harbor, not Belllngham.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct !5 — Schr Irene, from
San DleKo. Oct 16 — Stmr Columbia hence
Oct 14: Br stmr Aragonia. from Yokohama.
Sailed Oct 15 — Schrs Virginia and Jos
Russ. for San Francisco. Oct 16— Stmr Aure
lia. for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived Oct 15 — Stmr
Norwood, from Seattle. '
NEWPORT BEACH — Sailed Oct 15 Schr
Bertha Dolbeer. for Eureka.
KLAWACK — To sail Oct 8 — Schr Glendate,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct 15— Strar Celia for
San Francisco; stmr Phoenix, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Oct 15 — Stmr Redondo hence Oct 14
Arrived Oct 16— Schr Lottie Carson, from
Newport: stmr North Fork, hence Oct 14; schr
Bertie Minor, from San Diego; stmr Eureka,
hence Oct 15.
Sailed Oct 16 — Stmr Redondo. for San Fran
cisco; Ftmr Arctic, for San Francisco; schr
James Rolph. for Honolulu; stmr Pomona for
San Francisco.
TATOOSH ISLAND— Pasned In Oct 16 — Stmr
San Mateo. hence Oct 13 for Tacoma.
Passed In Oct 16 — Ital ship Italia, from
HIoko. for Port Townsend: Ft ship Amlral
Cecille, hence Oct 7 ¦ for Tacoma.
Passed out Oct 16 — Stmr Montara, from Se
attle and Tacoma. for San Francisco <
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Oct *16— Schr
Annie M Campbell, for San Francisco
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 16— Schr Oka
nogan. for San Francisco. '
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Oct 18 Stmr
Bonita hence Oct 14: etmr State of California
from San Diego; schr Honolpu from New
castle. Aus.
Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Bonita, for San Pedro;
stmr State of California, for San Francisco
FORT BRAGG — Sailed Oct 16 — Stmr Bruns
wick, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Oct 18— Schr
Okanogan. from Port Ludlow, for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Inverness, from Tacoma, for
Japan.
ISLAND PORTS.
KAANAPALI— Sailed Oct 14— Bark Albert.
for San Francisco.
MAHUKONA— Arrived Oct 12— Schr H C
¦Wright, hence Sept 19. ¦.-..., v *
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct 16— Schr Alpena,
from Newcastle. Aug.
. HONOIPU— Sailed Oct 9— Schr Defender
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 1«— Stmrs Arabic
from Liverpool and Queenstown; utmr Heklai
from Copenhagen. Christian!* and ChrlsUan-
Miss Magaret Clausen and Miss Delia
Larsen of Berkeley are visiting Mrs. J.
E. Clausen in Salinas.
Miss Nellie Lynch and Miss Anne
Harriet Lynch have returned to their
home in Boston after a visit to Califor
nia.
G. W. Young, a business man of Chi
cago, and Jessie L. Rouse of Oakland
were quietly married in San Rafael
October 1L
Mr. and Mrs. Ernst Schraubstadter
and Miss Walla Westerfeld have re
turned from a trip to the St. Louis Ex
position.
Miss Gertrude Gates, the dramatic
reader, has taken apartments at the
Hotel Argyle for the winter.
Mrs. Florence Scatena has returned
from an eight months trip in Europe.
She visited England, Scotland, Switzer
land, France and Germany.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Herrscher and
family, who have been spending the
summer at their San Leandro home, re
turned to San Francisco and have
taken apartments at the Palace.
Mrs. Samuel E. Hustel has returned
to San Francisco and is residing at 2527
Sutter street.
Alexander H. Frank has gone to New
York on a business trip.
PERSONALS.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
sand; stmr Bluecher, from Hamburg. Dover
and Boulogne.
DOVER— Sailed Oct 16— Stmr Patricia, from
Hamburg, for New York via Boulogne.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 16 — Stmr I'm
brla. from Liverpool, for New York.
BREMEN — Arrived Oct 16 — Stmr Freiderich
der Gross*, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Staten
dam from New York via Boulogne.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Buenos
Ayrean from Glasgow, for St Johns, N F,
and Halifax and Philadelphia.
Arrived Oct-' 15 — Srmr Canada, from Moal~
treal.
The bride is an accomplished woman.
She is a graduate of the State Normal
School at San Jose and has been a
prominent educator m the Napa
schools for eight years. Dr. Corbiere
has for some years been the leading
dentist of Redding. The wedding is
the result of a romance begun early last
summer when the doctor, while on a
hunting trip, met Miss Rider at a mine
In Trinity County. Dr. and Mrs. Cor
blere will make their home in Redding.
NAPA, Oct. 16.— Miss Josephine Rider
of Napa and Dr. Charles Corblere of
Redding were united in marriage this
afternoon at 2 o'clock at the home of
the bride's parents. Both parties are
prominent in the social circles of their
heme cities and the wedding was one
of the leading social events in Napa
this season. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. Richard "Wylie of
the Presbyterian Church in the pres
ence of relatives and friends of both
parties.
NAPA BELLE AND REDDING
DENTIST WHO WERE MARRIED
AT NAPA YESTERDAY.
The German barlt Steinbek arrived Saturday
nicht from Newcastle, Australia, with her
main royal mast gone. She was the vessel
seen and reported by the Dutch ship Europa,
which came into rort several days ago.
The United States army transport Logan,
which was due yesterday from Manila, did not
arrive. She will probably appear to-day, as
she Is nine days from Honolulu.
The United States cruiser Marblehead sailed
yesterday for Masrdalena Bay. where she will
engage In her autumn target practice.
The new Kcsmos steamer Amraon arrived
yesterday, 106 days from Hamburg an«l way
ports, with freight and several passengers.
The Japanese steamship America Maru was
handsomely decorated yesterday for the vic
tory of the army of Japan over that of Rus
sia two days ago.
The Ohio State Society visited the battle
ship Ohio last Saturday and were cordially
received by Captain Logan and his officers.
Water Front Xotes.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 16—5 p. m.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall la last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations — "I hours, season, season.
Eureka 0« 4.34 3.25
Red Bluff l»> S.4I> <».4«
Sacramento tx> R.4" 0.12
San Francisco.- DO 7.45 t».lT
Fresno <»> 4.9S O.OO
Independence w O.4T 0.4-
San Luis Obispo 00 +.5S 0.C2
Los Angeles firt 1.13 0.4::
, San Diego 00 O.MS 0.07
COAST RECORD.
a 2 2 o w -3
I n if g <i i
STATIONS. - jj| 53 s a f" m
, j I I f | f
Baker 30.22 42 ~38 NW Clear !T«
Carson 30.10 SS 30 N Clear -CO
Kureka SO.ttti 56 48 N Clear .0«
Fresno 30.08 70 46 NW Clear .CO
S.E. F^rallon.3O.H> <X) 56 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 20. S6 <tt 2S W Clear .00
Pocatello 29.M 5:1 34 SW Rain .12
Indppendence .29.02 70 44 SW Clear .CO
Los Angeles.. 20. StJ 7S W SW Clear .CO
Mt Tamalpais.lt). IS 58 4G N Pt.Cldy .00
North Head.. 2». 32 54 46 NW Pt.Cldy .28
Phoenix 29.78 SH 31 W Clear .00
Pt Reyes UU'.HO.VZ 59 54 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.34- 56 48 SW Cloudy .IS
Red Bluff 30.22 «6 44 N Clear .CO
Roseburg 00.42 .'« 4« E Clear .42
Sacramento ..XO.lt> «8 52 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29. W 56 .. NW Clear .GO
San Francts>co.30.2O KS 56 NE Clear .CO
San L. Oblspo.30.02 74 64 N Clear .(*•
£an Diego l"9.St 70 54 NW Clear .CO
Seattle 30.26 58 46 SE Pt.Cldy .IB
Spokane 30.08 54 42 E Cloudy .t>r>
Tatoosh 30.26 54 46 W Cloudy .26
AValla Walla.. :iO. 16 5*5 48 SW Pt.Cldy .15
Wlnnemucca .30.24 54 36 SW Pt.Cldy .0«>
Yuma .'.-'9.78 SS 54 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over .the Pacific slope,
except ' cloudy In Washington and Northern
Oregon. Light rain has fallen In extreme
Northern California and Nevada and over Ore
gon. Washington and Idaho.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the country and fallen
over Southern California.
The temperature has fallen over the plateau
region and remained nearly stationary in other
districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 17:
Northern California — Fair Monday; warmer;
fresh northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
continued warm; fresh northerly wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair; warmer Mon
day.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair; warmer Monday.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily In Charge.
A wedding of more than passing in
terest in the local Italian colony was
« elebrated at Sts. Peter and Paul's
Church last Sunday, when Emma Bar
bonchiel'i was joined in wedlock to
Giorgio Luechesi. Following the cere
mony a wedding luncheon was served
at a downtown restaurant. After a
honeymoon in the southern part of the
State the young couple will reside in
this city.
The wedding cf Miss Eda Cleaves and
William T. Locke took place 'Wednes
day evening at 2013 Buena Vista ave
nue, Alameda. The bride, gowned in
white voila and lace, carried Bride
ruses. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev. L. Potter Hitchcock and the
bride was given away by her father,
<'yrus Cleaves. Roses, carnations and
foliage formed the decoration. Mr. and
Mrs. Locke will live in Alameda.
• « *
The wedding of Miss Violette E. Ray
naud and William G. Baudoin will take
place on Wednesday evening, October
19, at the home of the bride's mother.
Mrs. Annette Raynaud, 56S Lombard
street.
The wedding of Miss Marie A. Bow
«=her and Charles W. Johnson took place
ta Sacramento on Sunday, October 9, at
The home of the bride. Roses and ever
greens were in profusion, this decora
tion making a striking background for
the gnwns of the bride and her attend
ant. Miss Agnes G. Potter. James A.
McManus was best man. The bride is
a sister of J. T. Bowsher, the well
known Southern Pacific engineer. After
the ceremony, which was performed by
Rev. Father Ellis, Mr. and Mrs. John
ton departed for San Francisco.
Th» wedding cf Miss Jennie Vaughn
Jameson and Winfield J. Flood of
Butte, Montana, took place at the
brides home in Reno. Nevada, last
•week. Attending the bride were Mrs.
F. O. Norton as matron of honor, and
Miss Dicea Jameson and Miss Lillian
Vaughn Jameson as bridesmaids. Lit
tle Dorothy Condon of Port Gamble.
Washington, was ring bearer. Serv
ing as best man was H. E. Stewart
of Reno. Those who witnessed the cer
emony were Scott E. Jameson, Harry
Jameson, Mrs. A. Burns, W. S. Jame
son, Mrs. R. W. Ccnflon, President
Etubbs of the Nevada University. Mr.
and Mrs. Shorten. Mr- and Mrs. Cush
r.an, Mr. and Mrs. Adams, Mr. and
Mrs. "Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Lewers,
Mr. and Mrs. Brown. Mr. and Mrs.
Flocfl, who are both graduates of the
Nevada University, will make their
home in Butte. Montana.
WEDDINGS.
• Saturday night the harbor police made a
raid on the box cans of the Belt railroad near
Lombard street and arrested thirty-three men
and one woman, all genuine hoboes. They were
charged at the police station with vagrancy.
The early rains have sent this unwholesome
eentry from the country into the city, where
empty sheds are more plentiful and begging Is
better raid. The woman found among the
tans was a miserable drunken creature and
the men were of the lowest class of masculine
humanity.
Vagrants Taken In. '
Eirht or nine Isngths of steel pipe three
feet In diameter are floating on the ocean
somewhere off the Humboldt coast. They were
sent down the Trinity River to Junction City
and, getting away from the other pipes, drifted
to sea. Being: plugged at both ends, they can
not sink, but win float till they drift ashore
or are picked up.
Water Pipes Adrift at Sea.
Max Cohen announces the engage
ment cf his daughter, Elsie, to Albert
A. Grecr.baum. They will receive their
Jrieads on Sunday, October 23, from
2 to a o'clock at IOCS Golden Gate" ave
nue.
• » •
Mr. arfi Mrs. 1L C. Dufficy of San
Rafael announce the engagement of
their daughter. Alicia, to Dr. D- Fried
lander cf San Francises. The wedding
will take place early in November.
• • ¦
The engagement is announced of Miss
Lili Pfeil and Emil A. Berndt. Miss
Pfell is the daughter of Mrs. Jacoba
Pfell and the late Mr. R. Pfell. ar.d the
granddaughter of Captain K. Van Ot
erendorp of Alameda- Mr. Berndt is
manager Tor W. W. Dimond & Co. of
Honolulu.
• • a
The engagement is announced of Miss
Elsa. Vedernjak of Oakland to Albert
Geckler cf this city.
i:\GAGEMEXTS
WEATHER REPORT.
The British ship Acamas, Captain
Nelson, arrived yesterday, seventy
fcur days from Newcastle, Australia.
She experienced the usual bad weath
er and high seas, accompanied by
strong southwest gales, which appear
to fall to . the lot of all vessels in
those waters. August 29, while the
crew was trying to secure a sail,, Alex
Linquist, a seaman, was washed from
th<- jibboom. The ship was pitching
into the high head seas and as the
bcom emerged from the wave that
overflowed it, the seaman lost his hold
and was dragged from the footrope
into the sea. He was swept passed the
vessel and astern and it seemed that
he was a lost man. A boat was, with
difficulty lowered and the ship heaved
to. Linquist. being a good swimmer,
never lost his nerve, but kept on the
surface of the ocean and awaited the
rescue. For almost an hour the boat
searched for him and at last found the
sailor almost perishing on the waste
of waters. He was taken aboard and
after several hours' hard work row
ing over the wild waves the boatmen
succeeded in regaining the ship.
X<j dearth of activity besets ihe mind
•hese days and there is sufficient for
•ill the inclinations. The Imp of Ani
mation has begun his capering and
I tips slyly into holies that expect him
not, or mayhap he dons a mask — a false
face, as the children have it — but with
a.11 his roguishnefs he is given wel
come, for spirit is contagious and
waxxns the heart of those who receive
ii royally. Then. too. devotees are
bowing before the shrine of Hymen.
i>'ho woos and win? unceasingly as the
autumn d^ys are marching on to win
ter. Xt-ithor does the calendar in pros-
Ptct show a falling oft in converts to
his wiles.
•
I5y .Sully Sharp.
Mr. and Mrs. A. W. Grant celebrated
on Thursday last the first anniversarv
of their marriage and the christening
of their little daughter. The event
brought many congratulations. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. A. W.
Grant. Mr. and Mrs. Henry Besbv. Mr.
and Mr?. H. £. K*»ller. Mr. and Mrs.
M. Murray. Mr. and Mrs. F. Rockstroh.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Rudy. Mrs. Hugh
Curran. Mrs. A. G. Fraser. Mrs. B. Mc-
Shane, Mrs. Machefert. the Misses
Helen B^sby, Clotilde Besby. Margie
Burke, May Coleman. Miss Muirhead
and Joseph Besby, William Besbv. Ed
ward Besby. Anselm Besby. C. F.
Butte. John Treacy. Edward Curren. H.
Donegan. John Fraser. S. Moseley.
John MacPh»rson, the Masters Keller
and Milton Murrav.
Madeline Cook, lone Chronister. Babv
Chronister, Solma Meyer?. Alden Cress
well. Gussie Gard. Agnes Hopkins*. Roy
Landenvassen, Milton Landenvassen.
Clifford Gard, William Morris. Gerald
Cock. Alvinez Bogan. William Black
Jr.. Jamie Ray, Jack King.
President, Jack Hammond; vice pres
ident. Miss Carrie Dinsmore; recording
secretary, Wallace Scott; correspond
ing secretary. Miss Grace Hortop;
treasurer, James Walsh.
Invitations are out for El Alma Co
tillon Club's initial dance, which will
take place at Cotillon Hall on Friday
evening, October 2S. The german will
be lead by Miss N. Anderson and Mr.
Bernard Farrell. assisted by Miss A.
Eggers and H. Eggera.
The ball and banquet of the Deutsch
er Club on Saturday evening, October
22, at Golden Gate Hall, will be given
to celebrate its fourth anniversary.
The Ladies' Society of St. Paul's
German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
corner Eddy and Gough streets, will
give an entertainment and hold a sale
cf fancy -work this afternoon and even
ing and to-morrow afternoon and even
ing:.
The Alumni Association of the Lick
High School gave a leap year party on
the .evening- of September 30, at Hin
ir,an's Hall. A special musical pro
gramme was rendered between dances.
Those who volunteerec to entertain
vtre: Miss Mary Scott, vocal solo,
accompanied by Miss Eleanor Drew;
Miss Emma Mowbrae, recitation; Miss
Eleanor Drew, piano solo; Mr. F- Alt
man, whistling solo, accompanied by
Miss Porter. Much merriment was
caused by the effective manner in
v.-hich Miss Carrie Dinsmore. the vice
president, and Miss Grace Hortop. the
corresponding secretary, assumed the
prerogatives of young gentlemen and
carried the affair to a successful close.
Assisting these officers were Mrs. Jack
Hammond, Miss Aida Burns. Miss Ma
bel Dolcini, Miss Jeanette Comerford,
Miss Sadie Flack. Mrs. Mary Kaed
ing-. Miss Elsie Kelly. Miss Maude
Flack, Miss Viola Bruckman. The of
ficers of the association are:
CLUB PARTIES.
Steel Water Pipes Adrift at Sea.
Bad Weather on Coast.
SAILOR WASHED FROM HIS SHIP
SOCIETY AWAKENS
/ X \ANY NUPTIALS ON CARDS
END OF A PRETTY
ROMANCE SOUNDED
BY WEDDING BELLS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. OCTOBER 17, 1004.
5
y^X^H^s. TT»lne leave and »r« «t«e
(fugpUZfSAN FRANCISCO.
VVCv '*oi OcToaaa 1. 130*.
, (Foot of Mtrin doeet ».
l»«tw -. MAIN LINE. -A»ar>»
7-00* V«eavi:ir. WiBten. Buiu««y- 7 SO*
/OCa Benlcta. Elmiraaad S*CT*menta . . 7.23»
7 30* Vatlejo, Nap*. Caltstnca. Saata>
Rosa. Martinez. Saa Ilamon 120*
I 30* Sties. Trscy. Lathron. Stocltron.... 7.20»
3 CO* Sin: i Express— (Via Darts).
Wjiifaani. Willows, trruta. Ued
BInS. Portland. Tscoma, seatt!* 7-SO*
8 COa DaTl*.Woo<i:and. Rat7hts Landtag.
M»rjSTt:ie. Oro»IUe. M 7-50*
8 33* Fort Covta. Martinez. Aatlocia.
Byroa. Tr«cf. Stockton. Sew-
man. Los Uano«. Msndota.
Armona. Ilsnfurd. Yltalla.
_-il roremne 4.Z9»
130a port Cos'a. llodesto. Me reed.
Freinn. Gos!ien Juneitoa. Haa-
"„ - ford. Vlwita. Taker* field 4 80»
8 30 * j;t:e». sai> .lo»e. U»ennore. Stock- .
ton. (?Miiton>. lone. S»crnmento» -
Marys»li:». Chtco. Eed Ulntf ' 4-28"
8 30a Oa£J»!e. tHi!ne»e. Jamestowo. So-
aon>. Tnolumne and Ansel* <-2C»
9 OCa as: m tic Eiyress— Ogtleasad East. 5 23*
5 32a H!camon<l. Msrtlnex aad t y
«j Stations &50*
lOCCATbe Overland Limited — Ozien.
Oman*. Chloaso. Drv*«r.Kaa»aa
,„„ City. St. Louis „. « »20»
IOCOa Velleio .\ 12.23»
10-OQa Los Aiii»:-« Pa»»rnger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Ryroa. Tracy.
- Lathrop. Stockton. Uerecd.
RarmonJ. Fresno. Gosnen Jane-
tfon. Hsnford. Lemoor*. VlsatSa.
Bakerififlii. Los An?<?!«« 7.20»
1700m Ilsyward. Nties an ! Way Sutlons. S.20»
!t CCp Sacramen:ol::»er Steamers.. ttt.OO*
3 3Cp r>nlc!a. Wlntera. Sa<:rameatov
Woodiarxt. Knlichts Landing.
M»ry»»:i'.e. Orovllle and way
station* . W-W*
S SCp tiarwarrt. Ntlea and War Stations.. 1 50"
4 CCP Martfaez.9an IUnion.VaIIeJo.ya9a,
. ¦¦¦ Ca'.istoca, Sanu Uosa. •"2*
4 CCp sties, TracT. Stockton. Lodl 10-20a
4»CpustwsH. Mies. Irvlsston. Saa) tS-80«
Jose. LlTermor« ) 111.50*
I CCP The Owl Limited— Newma a. Los
Baiiu*. Menduia. Fresao.Talaro.
BacersSeia. Lo«Angstes §50*
16 30p Hay ward. Nu«» aod saa Jo*« 7-20A
SCQpnayward. Nlleaaud 5ia Jow I SO»
S-COp Eastern Express— Oman*. Cbtcago.
Dearer, kaasa* City. St. Louis,
llartlae*. Stockton. Sacrstaentoi
Col fax. r.tn\>. sparks. Tonopth.
... Keeier. O«den 12 53»
I.OCp Vat:ejo. dally, ixcept Sunday.... » . ,-_
7-CCp Valiejo. Sunday ontr f ••••^
7-CQp klcbmond. -*n Pablo. Port Costa,
Martines and tvay Stations 11.20a
I 05p Port Costa. Martinez, Byroa,
Tracy. Lathro[\ Mod«tt<k '-.
Merced, Hereada. Fresno and
Way sutiuos beyond Port Costa 12-20**
|.05p Tosemlte Vallwr, rla Cerrnda and
vrawona Oionday. Wednesday *
and Kr'day) ISO*
8 C5p Martlnex.Tracy. Stoettu>n 10.20a
I 05p Oregon A California Kxpress — «*e-
ramento. Marytvlile, Battdtns.
I'M'U-iad. i'u»*: Sound %nd E»«t. B$3*
8.1 Op llsyward. NCes and Saa Jose (sa»-
daronty) 11.504
COAST LINE i*MTTon tiu f ty.
<>'<x)t of Marlift Street.)
C-1£a Newarlc. CenterTii.'e. San Josa.
Felton. Boulder Creak. Santa
Crux and Way Stations i 5 53*
t2-1Sp Newark. Centervtlle. Saa Joao.
New Almaden. Los G»to». FeUoa,
Boalder (rwlt, 8anta Crux aad
Prtaclpal Way Station* tl355 *
4.15P Ntwark. Baa Jote. Let G»to*...| : ]J |§*
c9 3Cp Hnnfers" Train (Saturday only)—
gaa Jose and Way Stations 17-25 »
COAST LINE (Broad btuo.
qr~ (Third »a<l lowmend 8treet«->
6-1 Oa s*»n Jote and~Way Statlona. „ SJOS
7-00a Can Jote and Way Stations. 5 -*0»
¦ 00a New«Alaiaden »Tue».. Fr!d.. only). 4.T0*
fi-OOAThe Coaster— Ssa Jos«. Batlnaa,
Saa Ardo. Paso Roblef. Banu
itarzarita. Saa Lais Obispo.
Gaaila'.ape. Gavlots, Santa Bar-
bara. San BnenaTentura. Moa-
talvo. Oxnard. Bnrbank. Lot
Angelea 1XS9*
8 CO* Gllroy. UoKiiter. CastTovtlie. Del
Monte. Paclac Grore. Sarf, Lou-
roc 13-JOp
8. COa San Jose. Tres Ptnos.Wauonvllle.
Cspttola. Saata Crux. Pactfis
Grore. Sattaas. Saa Lnls ObUpo
and PrlDctp*.' Way Stations. ... 4-19*
10-3C-A Saa Joae aod Way Statloas.. ....... t.20»
II 20a San Joae and War Stations........ 7.30»
2-15p ban Joae and Way Stations ... .... CMa
itLP Dei Monte Kxpresa — Santa Clara.
tan Jo«». w » t » •> n » 1 1 1 •. Santa
Craz. Del Mome, Monterey,
Pacific Gnrre 1Z 1S»
'3 OOp Lo* Gtto*. Wrtzht. Bonlder Creek.
Santa, Cruz. v!a Saata Cara and
Narrow Gaoge f!0-4SA
S-3CpVa!racfa ?t -. Son:h San Fraadaeo.
UarltaKaane. Saa Jose. GCroy.
Hol'.ister. Tre»Plaoa 13 45a
4 30p Han Jo*e and Way Srstiona tt 00/t
tB-CflP Santa Clara. San Jo*e. Loa Gatoa.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Snncsy) t9 00*.
|5-30p SanJoseaadPrlnelpajWaySlatlon* |J 40a
b 4Sp kantet Express.— lieilw»od. Saa
Jose,Gl!roy.Sal!na*.rasoUoblea. . '
ban Lula Oblipo. Saata Barbara.
Los Angelea. Peailag. El P»»a
bt.Loat«. New Orleans, XewTork §13*
i.4SpP>Jaro, WatsoaTiUe. Cspttola. ¦
Santa Crux. CaatroTQle. Cel
Mont«r. Pariae Grore 19-30*
16-15p fc*bliateo,Deresford,Bel3)ont.8aa
Carlos. Kedwood, Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. PatoAIto.... fg.4«»
6 SCp Sib Jo»e and Way Stations. «VM«
8 COp P»:» Alto aad Way Stations 1(L1&a
11 .&*> South Siutyr«ac!se<vM:nbraa.Bia~
Hagatnai. Saa Mateo. Belmont. -
San t'arl.>«. Bedwood, Fair Oais.
Menio I ark. sad Palo A!to f943*
•1130P Ilayfle!<L Monn:»:n Vie*. Saaay-
. »s'.e. Lawreae*. Sanu Clara aa4
Saa Jose t%.tfy
A for Uora:a.-. p for Aft«rsooa.
1Eon4a* exeepteaV ' ?«adar oolr
<• Saturd ay oa ty. » Moad i y omly.
ietops at all statloas ea Saadaj.
jp^^^^^^H To SAN RAFAEL.
«^fi|Ma ROSS VALLEY,
|p£|ggg BLUJ. VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
tfeit^rfy«^S&ty3^! TU S«ajuUto Tarry
iSUBURBAX SERVICE. ST.IXDARD GAUGS
Depart trom Saa Francisco, daily, at. 17:09
;^ las' 5:SU •:*>. T:13. »:0O ana* U^
p * A^iTe at Saa Francisco. daUy. at f«:io
iSl »:Ci a:42 - e:22 - *'"' 7:4 ° «* u!£
P 'tSiUT <*e*ot Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at • «3 a. o. : alao S* t
urdaya at 3:15 p. to., and dally except B*u»t •
Sly and Sunday at 5:15 d. nx
THKOUGH TRAILS.
7:45 a. rn dally — Casadero and way lUtloai
3:15 D- «n- Saturdays only— For Cazadcre
* l 5:ll p. m.. daily, except Saturday aad Sua
aa-v for Tomales. ttt
TICKET OFFICE— eSO Markat at.
FERRT— L'nicn Depot, faot of Harktt M.
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
U CALIFORNIA B \
¦ LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
3 LEAVES KGN0AY3 md TKUASQiTS I
Hat n:«O a. m.. through in ;t dayt.W j
Eg with diner and all trappings. - B !
Other Ssata Fe Txaiai:
3-30 a! m^ I iOT Stockton. Fresno. BakersSeid.
8:00 p. ml J Merced. Hanfonl aad . V'lsalU.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and ,
Chicago.
I TICKET OFFICES — 641 SSaxket St. l-i
Ferry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 27 South Tixst S?. !
San Jose. :
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbuxoa Ferry — Foot of Market Street.
— — — _ ..
! SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN BAFAEX..
: WEEK DATS— 7:SO. 9:v». U.w a. m.: lauii.
3:30. 3:10. 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
! Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
: SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:30. ll:0O a. o. ; 1:30. 3:30. i
! 8:00. «:2O. 11 p. m.
I 8AV EATAEL TO SAW PE AK CISCO.
| WEEK UAYi — «:««. 7:35. 7:30. 3:20. 11:1»
i a. m.: 12:30. 3:40. 3:0O. 3:20 p. m.
' Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 15:33 p. m.
: SL'NDATS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. j
4:06. 3:03. «:25 p. m. i j
' Leave I In ESect I Arrive
[ San Francisco. jOct. 2. 19O4.] San Francisco.
Week I 6un- I . j Sun- I We-"* ;
Days. [ days. {Destination. \ ' days. I Daya.
7:30am 8:00am 9:10am| 4:40am
9:30am Ifnaclo 10:40am 10:20aa
5:20pm 3:3l^>m J* :03pm 6:20pm
6:10pm 3:00pm |7 :35pm I
l:3Oam 9:10a.m\ l 4:t0am !
8:00am Nova to 10:40am 10: 2uam f
' X :30pm » :30am Petaluma 6:O5pm[ «:2Opzn i
i S:10pm 3:30pm and 7:33pm
S :0Opm Santa Rosa f
. ;:20ao 10:40am 10:20am
; 8:00am Fulton 7:35pmj «:20pm |
: S :30pm 3:30pm I
! Windsor I
I T:S0am 8:00am Healdsbars 10:40am 10. 20am
' Lytton
S:30pm 3:30pm Geyservlll* 7:35pm 8:20pm
Cloverdale
7:3Oam| 8:0Oam| Uopland |10:40am;10:20«nj
»:30pm| 3:3Opm| and Uklah I 7:35pm| g:2Opra
I 1 ~Vlli:u and I I
j T:30am| 8:00am| Sherwood | 7:35pml 6:3>pm ,
7:3Oam| 8:00am| |10:40am!10:20asi j
! 8:30pm| 3 :30pm [ CaerrieTllle | 7:33pm| 6:2Optn |
i ?:3Oam| » :OOa ml Sonoma. I 0:10am! 8:40am I
] 6:10pm| 5^)0pm| Glen Ellen I a:03pml ft :20pm ¦
! 7:3Oam| 8 :00am 1 |10:40am:i0:29a:a '
j 3:30pm| 3:3Opm| Sebastopol I 7:S5pm[ g:20pm
STAGES connect at Green Bras for Saa
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton (or
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggt
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booat-
vllle and Greenwood: at HoDland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyrille. CarU-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Eprlngs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at Uklah
for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, B'.u*
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Up-
per Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly's. BucknelTs. Sanhedrta
Heights. Hnllville. Ori^s Hot Springs. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins. M?ndoc!*» City.
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at Wmsr«
for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwocd for Fort
Bragg Cahto, Covelo. Laytonvtlle. Cua-
mings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fnilt-
l«cd. Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood, j
Ecotta and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*~
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San feafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C5O Market street. Chronicl*
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Ra i lw ay^ I
_ «:35a fS?SftW93jiJ l-.HOr «1O:56\
9:o0a 9:30a V2?^3SS# i:3.->p 2:33?
~i:i'6r 1:I3p 6:'3'jp fi.V6» ,
!aiart»ri 4:33? !atar4»Ti 11: lip
*fi» Srtfitj (Ur y MtTtasI^is tsMiHTtUtf
TICIIT i 630 Market St^( North Shore Railroadj
S77IC23 j and Sausaltto Fejuly, Foot Market Su
.r^ w^--u-^-r.\ RATL.1VAY TRAVEXi. , ,_
Only
4 4 4 4
?Moret
4 4
4 4 4 4
Dates Rates
October 19,20 Chicago and C7O K(\
26, 27 rietiim y •
St. Louis and CA*7
return
. via
Union-Southern Pacific
Choice of routes returning
S. 7. BOOTH. Gen. Azt.. V. P. X. B.
¦ 1 Vontff ornery StrcH.
Or any Southern Pacifc AgentBRYAM SPEAKS FOR PARKED
COPYRIGHT. 1904. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OP THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW TORK EVENING MAIL.
A beautiful Parisian idea Is carried
out in a velvet coat and a plaid skirt
in contrasting color.
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
On November 1, 19Q4, will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received up ta
that date at present price, •
Barred broadcloth has a velvet ridge
introduced in single bars . and in cross
bars. This comes only In street-col
crs, the familiar white tones.
HARD LUCK.
O'Rafferty— Do yez iver walk in yer
sleep?
O'Lafferty— No; If Oi could Ol'd be on
th f force yit.
BARRED BROADCLOTH.
"I can't get any employment. I have
no experience in my profession."
"How's that?"
"I'm a chauffeur, and I have never
run over any one."
OUT . OF A JOB.
Special Information supplied daily ts
business houses and public men by tba
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 C*i«
tfoiala street. Telephone Mala 1043. •
The latest achievement of the jocular I
friends of a newly married couple was
to slip a pair of handcuffs on the
bridegroom's wrists at the beginning of
the wedding journey. Some time a com
plete triumph is going to be achieved
by cleverly poisoning both bride and
bridegroom at the wedding supper.—
Kansas City Star.
The effects of the agitation for a
noiseless Fourth of July seem to have
spilled over into the Presidential cam
paign. — Milwaukee Sentinel.
Elaborate devices for securing the
predominance of merit must fail if
spoilsmen are set to work them. — Balti
more Sun.
Modern engineering could easily cope
with the problems Involved in down
ward duplications of a great city's
The old theory based upon the Idea
that the King can do no wrong or that
the representative of a foreign sover
eign is the one and only person on
earth who is above our laws is very
distasteful to the American people. —
Galveston News.
From the vegetable world a very con
siderable portion of the armamentar
ium of the physician Is derived. True,
he relies on the mineral world for cur
ative agents, and also lays toll on the
animal kingdom for -certain things,
ranging from leeches and spermaceti
to wax and cod-liver oiL But the plant
world affords him the bulk of his drugs
and many of the most subtle principles
used in the treatment of disease are
fabricated In the laboratory presided
over by Dame Nature herself.
Nature's Laboratory Work.
The lesson of experience plainly is
that the relation of all special interests
to the municipal interests is so close as
to make the standard of good govern
ment the safe rule for the "community
in public and private life.— St. Louis
Republic.
In time of peace the world should
prepare for peace. While war is raging
peace resolutions addressed to the bel
ligerents must surely fall upon deaf
ears. — Chicago Record-Herald.
mass. Electric lighting, water : supply,
etc., would be easily enough applied to
underground existence and would make
life there little different from that
above.— Boston Herald.
Tom Watson's letter is a model in of
fensive partisanship. He claws the en
emy thrice before accepting the honor
once.— New Ycrk World.
This life is all a masquerade.
Because it costs us dearly.
To show ourselves just as we are —
To meet our friends sincerely.
If man would but forsake the pad
That swells his puny shoulder.
The girl would never more believe
The val'rous tales he told her.
— Cleveland Leader.
SEE THAT HUMP.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
All the handsome evening dresses
come fitted with guimpes that they
may be worn to restaurant dinners
and the theater.
While all guimpes are In the lingerie
class this one seems strikingly so be
cause of the ribbon run Into the lace.
The guimpe is of sheer white lace and
is plain over the neck and shoulders.
The sleeves are very full and half way
between the elbow and wrist they are
drawn in with inch-wide black ribbon
and tied In a good sized bow, exactly
such as are employed on the various
pieces of dainty underwear and in quite
the same way. Below this the lace
falls in a deep frill. This particular
guimpe has been designed for wear
with a magnificent dress of black silk
net. richly .trimmed with messaline
quillings and splendid black jets. The
jets, being hollow, are nothing so heavy
as they look. Very striking is the con
trast between this all black dress and
the white guimpe.
LINGERIE GUIMPE.
GOOD AS FAR AS HE GOES.
INTEREST THERE.
Are there any objects of interest in
this town?"
"Wai, there's a savings bank jest
across ther road."
DOOMSDAY BOOK— A. G.. San Co
lombano, Chiavari. Italy. What is
known as the "Domesday Book" or
"Doomsday Book" is a book of the gen
eral survey of England, commenced in
the reign of William I, 1080 (some say
1085), and completed in 1086. It was
intended to be a register to determine
the right In the tenure of estates, and
from it the question whether lands be
ancient demense or not is sometimes
still a question. The book, formerly
kept in the chapter house of West
minster, was transferred to the public
records office. It consists of two vol
umes, a greater and a less, wherein all
the counties of England, except
Northumberland, Durham. Westmore
land and Cumberland, are surveyed.
This dbmesday book was the textbook
of King William. The taxes were
levied according to this survey till
12 Henry VIII. 1522, when a more ac
curate survey was taken, called by the
people the "New Doomsday Book."
POSTOFFICE RULES— C. J. M. #
City. The postofflce officers of the
United States are governed by certain
rules of the Postofflce Department
and they are forced to follow those
rules. If you have any complaint as
to the transmission of mall, do not
kick against the local official, but reg
ister your kick with the Postmaster
General at Washington, D. C, and if
you are right the wrong will be reme
died, if you are not, you will be ad
vised.
MULLANT-A. O. S., City. James
Robert Madison Mullany was a rear
admiral of the United States navy
which he entered January 7. 1332. He
served during the Civil war. made an
excellent record, was created rear ad
miral June 5. 1874. From 1S76 to 137D
he was governor of the Naval Asylum.
Philadelphia. He was retired after
forty-seven years of active service. He
died at Bryn Mawr. Penn., September
17, 1887.
ANSWERS.
There is a short black astrakhan
jacket — a round, straight jacket — to a
black suit. The skirt is long and set
around the lower edge with two nar
row bands of astrakhan.
Old fashioned lavender silk, which
brides of a half century ago were wont
to revel In, again comes fashionably
forward.
What is called a "Josephine" gown
is of pale pink silk and lace. It is
princess in effect, with a lace jacket
reaching several inches below the
waist and there are many full ruffles
of the lace around the lower edge of
the skirt.
GREAT-GRAXDPA HENRY GASSAWAY DAVIS is reported ;
to be carrying on a Bourbon campaign in the States of West
Virginia and Maryland. He is likewise credited with some j
fiery utterances upon the present sad drift of the republic toward I
the iron grip of militarism and its obsession to the idea of an over- 1
whelming army and navy. In his recently delivered letter of ac- i
ceptance he makes some interesting comparisons between the
strength of the United States army to-day and that of the military
arm of the service in the good old days of President Buchanan. Upon j
these comparisons he is elaborating his campaign arguments.
In i860, according to the Democratic patriarch, the army cost!
Uncle Sam but $16,500,000: in 1904 the army appropriation was i
$115,000,000. "An army then (i860) was necessary to protect set
tlers from the Indians/' declares the hale and hearty candidate, "and :
to do other police duty in the unsettled portion of the country — con- ;
ditions which now do not exist."
Such conditions do not exist to-day — that is true. There are \
other conditions, however, which may have slipped the attention I
of Davis' mind. Back there in the late fifties when Davis' was only j
a mere boy, thirty odd, say, the United States did not know of the =
Hawaiian Islands save through the reports of missionary societies, 1
Alaska was indeed the Ultima Thule of any possible political aspir- '
ation, the Philippines had no more significance to us than Pata- j
gonia, and Porto Rico was known only as a nice place to seek !
during the winter. During Buchanan's administration the population \
of the United States was 31,000,000 and the army was employed in j
doing police duty. To-day our people number 82,000,000, exclusive i
of insular America, and an army smaller in proportion to the popula- J
tion than it has been since the war of 1812 is guarding a dominion
the third largest in the world. j
Of course the Democratic candidate for Vice President has the
advantage over all competitors in this matter of personal reminis- j
cence. He can probably tell offhand details of the fiscal administra
tion of President Zachary Taylor or cite revenue statistics from the
time of William Henry Harrison. But cannot some one touch up j
Great-grandpa Gassaway on facts of the present day and generation ? j
Flounced and fluffy effects look best
on the tall, slender girt, while one
short and stout for her years should
have long lines and severe effects.
A BOURBON CAMPAIGNER.
The capeline is one of the latest
wraps for fashionable women and it is
made of cloth, silk, velvet, laces and
novelties.
A NEW WRAP.
For automobiling there is the pon
gee coats which are lined heavily with
wadding. They are Just the thing and
always look neat and pretty.
AUTO COATS.
Editor The Call — The widespread at
tention centered upon the question of
divorce presents a very peculiar fea
ture. This is the fact that where two
parties agree to disagree there can be
no law enacted, much less upheld, to
bind them to the agreement. Yet all
this difllculty, and more of it to come,
arises through man's ignorance of cer
tain undeviating laws governing the
union of sexes. Christ, when asked
concerning marriage, stated "Marri
ages are made in heaven." Now hea
ven is a condition of the mind and
evidently he had reference to a law,
which was then, and is as yet, unknown
to the world. This law governs the
adaptability of one man to a certain
woman end is based upon soul quali
ties, or, speaking from the material
standpoint, upon chemical magnetism.
Man's body generates forces, which are
used by the individual in the manifes
tation of certain tendencies, habits and
inclinations, and unless they stand in
harmonious relation to those of the
woman, misconstruction of each other's
motives will arise, antagonism spring
up and in the end create incompati
bility and separation. T.his could be
avoided by a very simple method, a
comparison of each other's qualities,
which can be determined by each one's
nativity, not from an astrological
standpoint, but from a biological. Thus,
one possessing constructive scientific
tended' '3S will not be harmonious with
one who Is Inclined toward purely do
mestic proclivities; again, one disposed
to associate freely with the public and
delight in their company will not a^ree
with one who loves a quiet, retired life
In the Interior of home; and. lastly,
one whose habits are chaste will not
tolerate one who Is given to excesses
in that direction. The way society
travels toward self-destruction fore
shadows a time when this question of
compatibility of man and woman will
be the first necessity and the grooving
generation be trained to know exactly
what quality to seek In the opposite
sex, thus avoiding all lnharmony, Buch
as is exhibited in the marital relation
of the modern social organism.
ALEX GALITZIN.
October 16.
THE DIVORCE QUESTION.
Nothing pertaining to the fashions
of past years is being used at pres
ent, and everything is quite new and
fresh. The heavier gowns and suits
are made of velvets and shaggy fab
rics and are extremely pretty in their
way. The coats with the vests are
all the rage and white seems to be
the popular color for them. They
are extremely fancy in effect and but
tons galore are used as the sole trim
ming. Much hand embroidery ap
pears on the latest models from Paris
and this shows that it is not con
fined alone to waists and undergar
ments. Handsome brown suits with
beautiful designs done with orange
colored silks 'are quite the thing, and
the many shirrs and puffs displayed
could not help but make a stunning
creation.
The shoulder capes of lace are a
new idea for cool evenings in October
and they are daintily decorated with
chiffon streamers and bows. The
opera coats and carriage wraps are
also exceedingly handsome and noth
ing Is left undone that might add to
the beauty of any garment. The
leather belt plays an important part
with the coats and they are worn five
and six inches wide.
Among the daintiest of garments
for winter wear are those fashioned
of taffeta silk. They are worn with
and without coats to match and noth
ing more becoming Is in vogue for
fall wear. Frills and fluffs are being
used on many of them and the auto
mobile veil — the inevitable — is the
main feature of the autumn girl.
Fringed taffeta made of the material
of the gown is used for the ruffles
on the skirt and very often the waist
is covered with them to form the yoke
part. The fancy girl, the elaborate
ly yet simply dressed maiden, is the
one for the coming season and she
will be prolonged Into the spring and
summer of the coming 'ear. The
mannish woman has had her vogue
and fashionable women hail with de
light the new awakening of Dame
Fashion.
Scotch plaid yarns furnish desirable
material for mldseason wear. The
peacock blue, green and black and a
rich Burgundy red, combined with
dark brown, are noticeable. These
come at 46 inches wide.
Dame Fashion could not possibly
have allowed the word Parsifal to pass
without first taking it for a name of
one of her ideas and the "Parsifal"
waist is becoming well known. Well it
might be. for it is a pretty affair, ex
tremely becoming to the woman with
the pretty figure, as it is tight fitting.
A vest is the feature.
SUITS OF TAFFETA.
SCOTCH PLAIDS.
PARSIFAL WAIST.
APPLE BATTER PUDDINO.— Sift
one cup of pastry flour with two level
teaspoons of baking powder, add a
pinch of salt and rub In a rounding ta
blespoon of butter. Beat one ezx. add
half a cup of milk and add to the
flour. Fill a deep baking dish with
pared and sliced apples and pour the
batter over. Bake In a moderate oven
and serve with thin cream and dow
dered sugar.
COFFEE CUSTARD. — Heat three
cups of milk to the scalding point, add
one-half cup of sugar, and when dis
solved add one cup of clear black cof
fee, one teaspoon of vanilla and six
well-beaten eggs. Strain into buttered
cups, set the cups in a pan of hot water
and into the oven until the custard is
firm in the center of the cuds.
LEMON CUSTARD PIE.— Two-thirds
cupful of sugar, one teaspoonful of
flour or cornstarch mixed together, the
yolks of three or four eggs and the
rind of one lemon, two cupfuls of milk:
pour into a deep plate that has been
lined with a good crust; bake slowly;
then spread frosting on; frosting, two
thirds cupful of sugar, the whites of
the eggs beaten stiff, the Juice of a
lemon; put in oven to brown.
FUDGE.— Put two cups of granu
lated sugar, one-half cup of water, one
half cup of cream, two rounding table
spoons of butter, and two squares of
grated chocolate together. Cook slowly
until when tested in cold water a little
of the mixture will roll up in a soft
ball. Add a cup of chopped nut meats,
turn on to a platter, and when partly
cool stir with a fork until it is no longer
soft.
TOOTHSOME DESSERTS.
"The honeymoon, as the term usually
Implies," says the Enterprise of Mu
tual, Okla., "is about as scarce in this
section as snowballs in August. "We
do not mean to convey that our people
never get married, for weddings are
getting of such common occurrence
that the boys forget to serenade the
contracting parties any longer.
"When one of our young couples get
married they do not spend a month
honeymooning, like it is the custom in
the East, but they settle down to the
routine of life with the one harmoni
ous purpose of building up a comfort
able and happy home. Instead of
'spooning' around over the country, at
tracting the attention of everybody,
looking sickenlngly lovable, and calling
each other all kinds of sweet little
'chestnuts,' the newly married may be
found at work the next day following
the nuptials. It may be the bride will
put out a big washing, while the other
half will be found plowing corn and
carrying water simultaneously."
Mrs. Emma Wynn was walking alons
Edgemont avenue, Chester. Pa., a few
evenings ago, when a football kicked
by a youth fell on her hat. drivinar a
hatpin through her scalp the length of
an inch. She fell to the sidewalk un
conscious, and was taken to the hosDi
tal, where the flow of blood from a
severed blood vessel was checked.
OKLAHOMA HONEYMOONS
DEADLY HATPIN AGAIN.
THE girl who considers herself ir
resistible — is there anybody who
has never seen her? Impossible.
She is one of the dramatic per
sonae In the drama which every
; community Is playing on the well-worn
boards of Time.
It Is good fun to watch her. Like
Bottom in "Midsummer Night's
Dream," she thinks herself the star
performer in the cast. And she acts
consistently, whether she is arranging
her veil before the mirror, whether she
Is measuring her charms in a shop
window as, passing by, she sees them
there reflected, or whether she takes
a flower from off her gown to put 1*
In a young man's buttonhole, says
Dorothy Fenlmore in the Chicago
Journal.
When she walks down the street she
is deeply conscious of the men who
stare at her. Her haughtiness is meant
to blight any mere man who dares to
lift his eyes above the spot of court
plaster fixed upon her lifted chin, or
else her soft glance seeks to heal In
the self-same moment that It wounds.
"When she talks her conversation re
minds her hearers of a music box of a
single tune. She plays the same air
over and over — what Charlie said last
night, the attentions that she has re
ceived from Tom and Dick and Harry;
who called on her last week, and who
will take her to the theater to-morrow.
She is always speaking of love as of
an old acquaintance. And yet, 'tis
dcubtful if she would know him
should she see him. If he were to
stand right beside her, clad In his best
scarf, and his golden bow and arrows,
she would probably look right over
his head, unless somebody called her
attention to him. Imagine her, then,
absent-mindedly chucking him under
his ancient but saucy chin, with a
THE expansion in domestic commerce still continues, though
more irregularity marked trade last week. This was largely due
to warm weather over the greater part of the country, which
caused a lull in the regular fall demand for early winter goods. It also
checked the demand 'for fabrics in the South, though it was favor
able for cotton picking. In the West and Northwest it was very bene
ficial to the wheat and corn crops and stimulated the distribution
of general merchandise. So it was a many-sided condition, operating
in all sorts of directions.
But aside from the weather conditions the status of trade on
the whole was reported very satisfactory and full of promise. The
bank clearings of the country showed the excellent increase of 26.7
per cent over the corresponding week in 1903, and the aggregate
clearings were $2,456,000,000, with most of the important cities
ranged on the right side of the exhibit. The gain at New York was
44.7 per cent, due almost exclusively to the revival in business in Wall
street; at Philadelphia 20.5 per cent, at Chicago 10.2 per cent, at
Minneapolis 26.8 per cent, due to the increased demand for wheat
and flour there, and at New Orleans, the seat of cotton transactions,
23.8 per cent. Pittsburg, the center of the iron and steel industry,
gained only 3.8 per cent, but of the ninety-two cities reporting their
clearings, only twenty-five exhibited a decrease from 1903. This is
an excellent showing, as it indicates a general expansion of business
all over the country, irrespective of section. The failures for the
week were 206, against 208 last year.
The staples showed some irregularity. The wool market was
strong, but the warm weather was against a free demand for fall
and winter manufactured goods. Recent large purchases in hides
rendered this market firm, but less activity was reported. New York
reported a diminished call for dry goods. Lumber was quiet in the j
East, but active in the West, and building operations were reported !
larger in a number of large cities. The iron and steel industry !
is sending in reports of a steady but slow expansion. Provisions |
continue fairly active for domestic account, but the export trade
shows some shrinkage. General exports are irregular, the exporta- |
tion of wheat having shrunk to almost nothing, while flour ship
ments have also fallen off and current corn exports are also small.
The foreign demand for manufactures is gaining. Collections
throughout the country are said to be better than for twenty years. :
This is a rather broad statement, but it is made flatly, without any >
qualifications, by the recognized commercial authorities. The ex- j
ports of cotton for the season are extremely large.
The rosiest reports come from the New York Stock Exchange,
where everybody seems to be tossing up his hat and shouting "Good i
times !" The feeling in Wall street is actually exuberant. Every- j
body is apparently a bull on the stock market, and the result is that \
the public have again entered the market as buyers, the market has
started upward again, sales on the Exchange have greatly increased I
during the past few days and predictions of a coming bull market i
are as thick as leaves in Vallambrosa. Everybody has apparentlv
constituted himself a committee of one to hoist stock quotations. '
The bankers are patting investors on the back and advising them i
to buy standard stocks. Pools are once more floating, or about to ;
float, new issues of bonds and stocks. Foreigners have been at- i
tracted by this schoolboy enthusiasm and are again taking hold of
our securities as investors. Idle money is flowing out of the vaults j
wherein it has been taking a long rest and the whole sentiment of !
Wall street may be expressed by the single word, "Hurrah !"
This enthusiasm is all very fine and as long as it does not create j
an unhealthy boom is all right, perhaps. It certainly is better than 1
the pessimism which hung like a pall over New York for many ¦
months. The New Yorkers say that it is genuine and fully justified '
by current commercial and financial condition*. They say that trade j
is certainly expanding and that another year of prosperity is as- j
sured. It is to be hoped that they are right.
On this coast activity still prevails in most classes of goods. ;
Farm products are particularly active, and what is especially gratify
ing is that they are bringing first-class prices. This is the condition
that gives the commercial reports from the Pacific Coast their con- 1
tinued rosy hue. j
FURTHER TRADE EXPANSION.
But, after all, she does well enough
for a character In fiction. And, cer
tainly, as she reveals herself, she is
nothing but a product of her own
Imagination. In reality, perhaps, a
stout damsel with a snub nose, and a
double chin — and a commonplace
father, whose Income has never ex
ceeded two thousand a year, she 11v<m
above the world of common things.
She dwells In a realm where she b
privileged to sweep trained sklrta
through marble halls, while she wears
a Jeweled crown upon her highborn
brow. The portraits of ancestors upon
her palace walls are two deep, like
the books in scholars' libraries. On
every side of her kneel loyal subjects,
pining for a chance to spread their
hand-embroidered mantles before her
No. 1% high-heeled shoes.
It's a good enough game If you
know when it's finished. I used to
play one something like it myself when
I was a little girl, and I have not for
fotten how It feels. It did not mak?
an lota of difference to me that my
earrings were glass drops from a dis
mantled chandelier, that my whit*
satin slippers, much too big. had for
merly been worn by my aunt at danc
ing school, and that my robe of state
was made of paper cambric that cost '
cents a yard.
But this much I must say for my
self: I had the sense to play the gam*
in my own room, and, when I went
outside, I left my trappings packed
away with my other toys, discarded
my airs and graces, and faced the
world in my own image.
And I would advise the girl who ia
inclined to think she is irresistible to
do the same, if she wishes to know
life and love, to see both as they
really are.
careless "My, what a perfect darling!"
before she turned to some man stand-
Ing near to confess that she dearly
loved children.
GIRL WHO THINKS SHE IS IRRESISTIBLE
SHOULD FACE WORLD IN HER OWN IMAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SOUS D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
;on\ McXAUGIlT Manage
PCBIJCATIOIi OPTICS THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY OCTOBER 17. 1904
6T&e coexssittee was conrposed of tie
Rs»T. Tiflniaa JL CKCacasiX, tie Ri»t.
Fstier J«rnni4 R. Hacstsaji. Jcaepi
X RssfeocaTSsh- Xaal P*w*r. Georrs Ji_
CtessfiCy. Jafes 2L 3J(rFlrqy y J-Tis. A.
Xea,. T&osias J- Welals^ FrarJfc T. SSea.
tjtofene£ J- EL Geiatja^. Krag^r Hoj^an,
Dr. J- I- SEEaa^ Dr. X5CL aCorrfaaey,
Eoa. Fra=i. J- Msra.33Cy Ja=R3 EC
KeGy.. Jaaaes ! R- STetti. Jasepsi £.
I Tofccs aaii C&arfas- X Ea^r?rty.
Ca r^<« occaatcn^ as <nr nS« tarnBr «ne» C
luMvr-* si' gt'iii'iiit jwur imea crar £ Ixa-T? imc
bMspcicsn. ttta ciansiaa a=it aij«y~l jie S«te=t»
af mr to£ag rt.riigtfra. E ass 5teE» ta
p»ui-aj»mc Tarr wt2. geraite aa ca- ns^rsas tSa
itnc* tnar jum yaara 3f aguUg aiay (Ms ~-»-'7
Sar^at <rf jatx«» la tie »urA «f jwar ssaicait
C Saw- ete hsnor ts «i&sraria» 313*»EL I«ar
Clatrtut Dwgar?. <rf Crfunxbcfc.
b«Mr C^ir^cgiTai Setar nien. TTie »T-T--T7nnig
af !tf» Mimics ia c5e CTfaJlaanun >iC ,iar a^rs..
Thia » tin ,Ju «f iaya to tia SaiffSt -if
CctaaxiSu*. E£ w alnxcsc 2sr airr ariar wHafi
3iis»r -iar i» Car thtt .urorrrit.. tr «m»rT larrs
<Att sa ma- ftrmuf Uiail tHa KTrrigirat «f Oiluni
nut aacira.clana_ ar* anlsnt far tae cgSeftnctiin;
me iCacownr? -fctT. W* »r» Bur oais» ta »
mt^axj a=3L7 t2^2un jtrrnrg-.. Sttt onr eftra !niit
ftir tSie Bare rat Ijas^ caian aait tite- tacar»»c
Tin ha3» (Cagiajwt ta cha wuri <iC tiila- da?
t aai fartaer <Cr^cts<l ta annnnrtailiSE rnt» jcy.
ffsfc irriHiMnrtmr &7 urea«icina- oj- jnur- srac«r j.
mcf&tac iwSjr*nff^ in. wi«» 3<t^ dhtt yenr irill jer
e» Bwaarirjr iJt * Hwaannag maaaer tii» aixctau
«C ztytil Suss J'laeoa ia jror eariwifcai' (rixnrsa.
Oct. ti — Majir Claer a^tjetaiarf WTffiasi E.
citR Tinaa-SIaaiiMlpDt nmy— , wiici ana
La. 5nx T-trrrfHeTT. Hgrrrmt ss^ls «u£ bi msixsz
Tie Tr:rr:;T.rcIat* Cccceptiaa Alsssiae
ield a caggrtn? y»sitgrday aftsrEccc at
the Dcsfaicaa. Cccv«iit, at wiacfr a
Lir^s- ncnisr <rf yunry Tstocitiii w»re
esrcCei. Tie naiz creetfay wti 6e ieJii
Gctafcer 1SL.
Ahirtr;.itf Eo&S M««£ar.
y,, — .-^j-. yl rL F. IL, ard tie
I?-=~. Fitier Jiir. ZL Ccctle. r^ct^r cf
=t. Hrvr". i § ! Ji-r~i. Tie 3jtt. ~* — »•«
A GraCt xu —a «-»— cf i*i»r»";i«;'*i.
Tia catisdral tu n^™ '-*-r r '*y deccr-
¦!* 1 1 T i T * 1 1 ¦ X . - .-^ V i , ; 7 . , ~
»<:¦=* cf tie =sat fc^a^rifizi cf sacr^i
H'jir^rp Orrarr d-»H'" ¦ — J ti* jg-- , /.c**
»5Tti r^L^rtc^a f»r-rcr azd t=pcsrr^
5- Hiry-s Ca^-drx: r^st^rtay =^rrr
~jz*s w»re cf s— li * -.»-—-» as tc last
— — * ti* i*-« — *i-~ ?~tj w»r* r.«.^*i fcr
tie f *-<'%-¦-- cf ils Grace Arriilsicp
V-T7 H^T- J. J". Frsc^i^r^a-st. Tlcor 5s—
tiaecce Es ~* Hist pr*rr»st»d iia bey
Hasa Tu rr=.i iy tie Bn: Fatier
TLif. Fati^r T. J. <Vf~.-~~»~ rzb—i-;a
cur_ Tie iea.^ccs ri i:r.:r actiz.iiz^
ti* Arciii2iiT5 w^r^- tii» 2^t. Paiiar X
?. Fr.ei*r_ 5. J- i^iptr-cr cf tie Jis^iz
Crc^r, a.nd tie Bev. Fati-»r Thcr-.-T.t
tie gr»at cciirr^jaricn. cf -yTrrjirpers
¦vise he ts£i ?*"~^ tiat tiey w»r? a "
d.je;Iy srat*f-il fee cie t=scc±s^- iranis
ORDER VTOKTHY OF CAIHOUCS.
.it^.-i.-5'..i tie crd^r crcaz tMZt&BS& uz-i
bad Baiuad it wortiy cf CaticCic =ras>
gj had co id-^a that tie -r'n.r- ; -nf>~ '
wscld ir^v ac rapCdly. It * prorid.
i* saii. t.i be cse cf the unj- ci^irci
1^ ¦ ij '^ *^* -m f~-^^ .jy *~f*^* k^-— t 4 ******
- — — - -" — - .- *-* .^ » ..— . . .-. C— -^- v 1^«-*
Tttt^tt:t er--iry day dsrta^ *"-;n pajaa^e
acr-:sa tie Atlart:-? nctad La. fcts Janr
rali ~T<3— day ha"x» sailed w'iatTrard.'*
a ¦ ¦ 1 * Mm _ — r — ¦ 1 . . . i . 1 . ' • • ' *
readied r '*•'''* zr=at ccnt£ieitt. Eia
Grace, iz. ccaci'23i'3ii I . tcc*i tiat aH
rzay sail oT^sr lifa'a jr«at sea. •wietier
fa cairz cr 3tsrtr_ eaei day aati'-^r, i
"T-» sailed ieaT«r^raird ts^^ard tie !
ccTrr_try cf cur Gcti. rr^r.f'.i*^ tie leader- >
3iip- cf czr captair> Jiszs Cir&t-"'
E* d"*yi aH zo lrr» tie Irrea cf trsa j
Ssixita az.d r«rrieriS«r tiat •whfLe all j
-rare- net caHad irpen. ta speak great i
thtr^rs xH are called trpijc ta Ixr* xraa.t ;
thirds.
Tie serr-jres ccnc£idsd irtti tie- Rer. j
Father J-jncre B. FLi.m:f^aa leadisrr ;
tie Kjri?it3 i= tie stirrtrx unti teas:- i
tffid iy=, "Or-jrari. Ciriatfar. Sol- j
wTii* tie <jt?. »'^?**< Tirh*^ carte
SaetiRn—s. 1 "* "'XTrta^ astf "^nrist.";. Gonanf * :
"CtiKSi."' ""EeaetCctniB.'"" "Sasctas'* *3ii "JLT
aiia D»!i.'" z afflBrrstr. Zl2ff*rrni' * "Tj.mfafr*" ;
•»iw«;rM' EautJiiiwja's —Pr.i "•^¦n-^:i :-r Chora."
5t3ir«r»i .-5051-13131 — SCwt VT-»x Hicitzy. il-Ja
rC: ±Lzzn — Stem Jiiia =uCl-»aa. 3t=t. CriscniZ.
21n. 'riarlHS Pxr-ss. 3Ca« FiariT Ecrxa: taaor*
— G»?crTs 5^?ase Darti KaaCiJTri. S.. S6s-
S"v^ht7- 'laaaou — S. X. auu£7, ili EojrsnstaLi.
PREISEJfT l€AT»RT.gT ST-AXmL.
Aftir tie a**r ** Lee a ccsLrnitiee cf
tie Kjzixht3 cf CaCiEn&na waitafi en
Arcirijisrp- Riirrdas. arti Biaic^ Cc&
aty fa tie rectory, "wiers tie fcrrsal
cift cf a ciartis starsa cf SL Jcaecii
f jr tie catifidral ~vx& rr^.i*<* *-tf tie
f.;HoTPtrjr addrsaa was presents! to the
SA^ 72.1X0300. Cct=6sr I*. EHT4
<if SaJ FStaciaco — \l-*r. Hjiwagiit ir:itaiafiupr
Osr ?-':is *spr urri:nr ¦-: 1 >iar cair- "».^;^::r.» ;C
CaiaaiStis ia Saa Ffetaciaca. ci:mnadng n£ but
<rne orjnniil wtri >s» £uui SCO" mtmSerr.. iE
taraJjrf: fir 1 ftntir tie mlei.in «M**ttT-idiii <*C die
STt;.ita .tanl^ersarr of dla "J»n hi fHftrcenC of tite
ariSiCJ3t:Ba«. Cn cita; accaaicn. I aad. the iraar
boner. *» ?raaii fciiijat of Saa. Ttaairimar Cawa- '
ell. <rf dZer^sg w ymr rr^» Ci« ieaniaU: Cs- i
Eniauinna of 3x7 inu« rv.^iTSta. aa vh*! u ]
tS* itfsuraacB <»f tiair tn«* aad loyaiiy n*
yaurjeEf aaii tSsl^- <t»ntTeinr irtit abnrtltmc* to- .
"> ¦ : ur 1 :: ti i ir T . T-j— ciaj mi <*am« "lm rn i <; m - i
Car- pteawat mJawton^ ttgg ftccit tS« <-ccaKu;n: '
<rf any Tlai'-; Lt>: tie trwinmaBr^ artsailii^f !
n; it* -CiSrwit — cSn occaairnr^ ia. tSa« v~ «anr.~ i
niHiaiania tiia fcnr ftiimfrsti aaif rveirii isai- i
T«aK7 a£ s^<* iEaca^tsr-? aC Aaiarica,, ta« '
jpraisaat <p»«as at mirifwra. tSmai^ fti» m-v'v.m. j
•tascaa. ia. Ciar w* rfjtwiar. £39Csa<l itf a« i
<jnr f-Tnr ajiir-jirigg- Say onraci&L wtti xa. |
Franuiaim a^nj Cilli-Traul ••rrusinla rf San Trta* j
Stim Council ta S*a Jare. Xsit *; ta-itry a- |
asr ta«- sscftzsscs off aS saur_
<Sty — Ci« 1&7 at Lji'.iiinilt <rf tin inaacrliras j
¦~ ¦¦rirr..vix. His nonsv- Is m:c jmz «nr-iils-f :
arcoit^ cams* ¦wttoux e» rttitrtit -ti'iiaaia oj «ail '
6faa»Mtr Sn *aa« curt Itera eCaed to din annar* i
n£ ti» aisa?. Eat raj w* sot, aavsrtiitiiiiHi, :
pneiaiax Sea aa taw g-ynrrgtar at dJ* Chnataa. ;
Carftniitr oj-na.i * Ka? *• ao« ttcner Siat a» |
% aiaa wto ffiurwt !a tS« wuHit^ taa: TtaaBcCj!ti
&T ljT a» ott» <rf »cftr» 3nr3fj»B^ «c iisir r»- '
ii««j> y^r. ciniiilik* ptiKy. af pariry <jf US*. !
jmn? iit Sis ¦•tnrriirenna^ &ar*jia» ia uwnni
ttenr,. graarf aatt mitelit in. site -if.^it at atsr
sai:caa», yrxafsr *s& antiiar ia (tisarracB aaii ,
erf JraitaJinn. ia tasse acr <tayx. E: i» d^ t
ziKTi 'if ""-*" t73K- of Cbiozn&tai He szoiin q^
sab*?KZ cf ainr 'fitmg5ti *n>i O» aitjugg ac I
(3Ttr IIJ arr'mT X?X3ff (inilg^ffryra; %p|f «j^ «iiji ly j
i7»j ia i:a '•"-"' ""^ Sm TnaiTrt- us betas- TT"ti'f*(»- 1 . I
Arsifcisfarp Eicrdaz: esjr-aaeti ta
ccrdial f*^~^* to Elsies Cocaty far
fc±» ccn^ss: fircxs. ftis 6csy Ef5 fa tin
socti. to fee present ajs.<i &Irj«r the
serss«H2 sx the essfe&ratKrca. H*3 Graca
ts ft w« T tf»» cf tie Knighta aad
N'iv>r was then gr^atar dars=r ta
tiir^xa rsii^iotia T-^^r? at p-r^a^ni. anui it
!:ei»»:Tss ess cf faiti ti strenstieir
tieir farti. fsr tie battle berwees. ieilef
KatfcaariVr. whici la tie fcaaL* cf tie
Cc=aid€rt=? tie prw»nrt enafitfcs cf
»;ci«!ty. ELiicp Cccaty said tiat v; ar»
appaJLid at tie br-ai-cp- tiar is tgzvng
cc CTTtside tie ci-=rc& a^i the aSaTirii
ties cf rsILjic-cs txrr»2ai»rn. which, ap
pear an aS. sui^a- Irm.«:rality tr.cr»a3es
¦«riti tie trcroase of trdii?rercii; tie
EnLzriAS* tie is snijnez ta wiin a=xi
caprica, tie farrriTy is Ta^iaiis^ a^i
dl^^frg n::>* irnsea. Edscatjntr wtti
«x^ reiliicn. is Iaa.Tts?- tie SErrttnai «ct
cf tS» lrrw» cf yccthv asd. the €2tria
tiarity cf tie fitter* fs fa. p«riL Tie sal
votioa cf man, asd scciety. fee aaii. ia
is. JTesra CirisT^ asd =*iB are sanded
wtti tie spirit cf icr£?its of cid ta ga
farti ajid prsa*^. tii3 decsrtza.
Tt« B^sicp accealed ti> the KnJs*rf;t».
a» r-t j— -r»w., ta fee Ii»ad>»r5 fa tils apes^
tulita cf trcrX «.rd t.xde tisrs stanxi
ftnr tie Ctertifis ef tie cisrcS, tia
C&ristias. «d3catwa cf tiatr ciHiirss.
a=il the OK fasiicrad farti cf their
fari«rsw tnae- ta- tieir cisrrJt az»i ta
t£«±r ccTEStrr^ az«i tics &r£s? jsfcry to>
GqkS. wiadens ta- tie people ajui hesmr
:.: z'.ii-. efisrei 8BS«H
Hiaicj Gentry ciea d-»r*it epec tie
Ht» cp ta aZ. tie rssp«:z2iiiI2iie4 cf a
inLrit cf r^i*- crcs3» a. ksi^it cf tmni
ard rirt^e. E* smelts «f tie cesda cf
cisrei *u oaiictiai to tie pccgr»23 of
the trxti cf G-:d- E* rsfarrad to tie
¦*iici vxii<*d r»ii^ic3. as tie sreatast
val-»e ti lifi, aid ie said r^r tie
Ikzzttsdz-i cf d&zzztzs: a=.d Icyalry ta
tie gpirrma: Ufa. itar>y faZ a'vay frcn
*^^r V^ s i ¦; ¦ , ¦ ¦ % ¦ 1 1 n^ 1 * ¦f'^r*- n~t ****
- *" ¦• - -'irl-ii'i 1 - t^i — . . . . • — • - -. fc . _
azd *trs??is fcr pc-arwr.
fcc«Jy t cctrr£i»id tie ***at3 :f thsi- re^ilor
yUCaJ W*. *i ¦¦ *^ ~— — «^»* -i ¦¦?* ' — *. T~ r ¦» ¦¦ s 1 1
_^ **f ai 1 * * '^^ J| *"•• J| ,• -* yp»» i -^".^ 1 ~ *
¦icr- -~ar^i iia Ilf-s — cie dLsiM— =ry cf a
«arti ard tie redecrpticn. -:f tie S.Tiy
r A.i<i. Tie last id*a -jtu tie ir^rptra.
i—.-** bj ¦¦¦. 5^-fc--i^/ . . ,* T^.rii. ¦ *^*
fpJrtt -was cicriciiiy rfli^lc^a. ii3
fxrti tiat cf a .hill xni iia i<;pe insx
—»-—-=<-*-•--- 'J^i— "r— j •— i. fa^.—^- i— . : >. 1 a-
E* IcTed tie hciy sa-fTrxzsents. rscsiT-id
ti«n r»yr'.i^T irji -»f- that its es£s
sfcrt vas a reli^ictri eca^ as appears
froci its jczr=ai whit:i ce)?ir_s, "''Is. tie
ca=* cf ccr Lcrd J*s^j Christ."
OOLCMBCS PLANTED CEOSS.
Ott ta tie }r?jr Wcrfii he
piactad tie crcaa a^ii t,:ck p<:as*iS3icn.
t2. tie node cf G«;il a^d for the Kirs
cf £r,ai=. Od^rrbca was a CathcLu:
'.17-.-I- az. ajcatle cf t^<^ f.-tJr^ cf
ScsEia, tie i=fajr: das^itar cf Wil
r;a,ra Riddle, a printar, Iirtzs- at J2J
GtL*r«rrt3 street, xu •^T.'^T.r'y scalded fey
faHtn.y izi> a csi cf bciliz^ wacar at
11 o r daci Satsriiay cicr=i=^. Ti*
died ysstiriiy racrcta^. Tfes
£o<iy wii not sesr D> tie dcrrse.
czb as. Sa.cnr'iiy niarciis? T-tr-»T-<*r-»y to
taie a fca.ti_ Tie wntar- waa sac
worn esccsi a=d ai« isatad a c:&
fisl azd carried it tzza the fcatirsod.
£ie waa r^rvr^.-y to ran* frisaii. Mrs.
H«rie a=«i Mrs. Fre^re. wheri tie C&fBd
w«t: inta- tie &atir3o-!=i c=.Qti<cs*l xzj±
faG fata tie trzh- lira- RkldL* iear<l
tie sp-Iasi. aad ptzU^ii tie- ciUxi ctcs aa
c^iicily as p'laatil*;
fcTit tie case mra* iope&os. Tie- Ettle
,sir£ «m ahtwn 1^ years of. xp» aad
was Iscre m X-inda.
Lfrtle 5«Ca R2dd2e Y*Ea Isso TaMol
d BoGasg Wa«r »mi Dies ta
Tw«xsy-Foc? Ho«r«.
caii.D fatiii.t >tat nrn
Of MOTHER'S PRESENCE
x 'yy^"'^ - ?— *.rt :-s : 3* thz j~- : . .-- H~r??r?-3rr a>'~ -.- -.»* «?""-— jLN^, :. '« £ -:- » ~=.t cu* " i - ¦»: c 3co*t2et C7 « yi^ r^ * : jll^c
Wfa SOnsr Lotcst Ccp*.
At tie- U=iry Ctxa &aH cs Saczriiy
si^it at tie ILsciarius' PaTtlicn Earry
Adler wen ti* ailT»r Iarrtrg--<rsy as
±rst petae Bar he±r^- tie n^cat pcprrLar
=al«:ca. prcprietinr. Bad T*idy Etowtfl
wee tie irst prtsav also 1. jiTrfr Etrr-jr^
yi~z - * r - *t-^z r tie •? ~ t i — ir *._ *
Soci eccip«»titi«JC3.
Tie "WarsiaJi»ir CIieTra ?-:v Xxicb
held Eta 2ftfe ffa^ri-rg- party xz Lyric
Han bOS rtfiftfH Tie —"•¦"»*»" "—''' vu
jtrsa for tie b«seit cf tie sici '*-—¦•*
CCO90aed cf K. Hcaeiier^. I. Lefir;
vttiii. E. Er=It. L C- Lev»y, L. Jinr
se=. iL Le-rr, C- HedLsr. P. Er»«.t, 1L
R^aen^erx. 5. TTira^sicy. 5- S. r r^i >
az.d 21. T 1^" \r~T:-*
Gree Besets fur Slct Fcsrf.
Jci\c Jaizacn. a recest arrival Zj'izz
Bcatcs. *:^asa;tati snlcid-i last si^i" 5j
swaUcnBts^- two odcss cf *uxir cf
Era * A**"*— r 1 ** c»j*,* -»^ »i»nrf—-i»<* »— ,-»
3CTi^it tie ser^ruraa of Dr. StapierjJ a:
tie- Harbor cLzst; SzaL. E* w-a» p<t^ipeii
Irc^, asserted tia; ie wocii i?ar=. at
tempt ta- &ti his *T-::g.*r!cg- H^ aai-I
tia: i« ttxj wi^a-ct 1 -ten.; in i;e
wtirld. hadn't a friend xnd had i^:ii?d
?*ri»rrf77TTr>r r'jur.'i of pleasure wttia^t
sra'cey. 5» waj irrta tii? «:hiir^»
cf tie iart^rr pcHsre. wia ttZ. see tiat
ie da»is no; mij cct v^ iir*i^
S«riC«Jw* Stgg^r e< Lead.
HOCQETAiL. Wi3i, Oct. t*. —
Jim— r»l fiecwaeTi i Scildiru?- arid an
antO'Sit:5Ce. Jiisepi Wo««±3. a jr«si
neur hctciar cf T^r»^*>-^ ina nr
isr«ti «o aev»r»ly r'*a: ie jrcbacly vin
die. W. Coci, wio ttu irtrts^ tie
in ¦«' 111 nt^. 1 ¦ a ¦ ¦ a party c»» * . ..
ina, Wii>- trrmi=5- * ccmer t= ti»
hrast^eaa part cf ccswa. a vccliz ir. i
a eiild rar^ £3 fr~3=.c a£ tie aatani»3atle
la tryn^r c» aaT» tiejn Cock sz&smi.
acrcga tia sidiiinDc i=.ti hroc?it
a^-j±zsz tie aiti* d 3. izns itcrt "Wco^is
wai GTi tie- ayiew^Ii eaul-i sc"
escape-. Tie injact csr« xwxy 2 p*rr
tiGLi. of the stcre f ** if* tt.
wi cad;*' Le^- was 3i-r~r— «<* r^ ser»rxl
plac»» izd' t*» r^ce±Tr»d tr-tirrsaS fa—
i^rie*. Tie doctors fiar tiat tha £a
tsnsil fcr*^rt<»3 wlIJ jttup? facaL
* — — ¦** y - 1 * ~ ¦ ¦ 1-1 ** w^ liu
stood roocid ta> tie janswri Ttr^re
=.ct taccieti.
»CKiaI ITtasa^ii -1 T5s OT.
Impact of Car Tears Away
Part of Store in Front of
Which Man Was Standing
To-nicrrow tie CaGfarria €3nz2t wiH
icCd a vitally Eaxpoctut: cieetra^ ca
di- ti* fgHu'*kig arjsanricesieTitr
Ptr;ij— Lzjn» ti c^tacr^ .rf t5» tiasttrcmaic ir
scclai sci«nce. 3£t.il Sj'tna? Ssii£i F%. ! m>?r.
JL2«i i«r» cct^ea tia Lacr»I HIII
ClTib with, a acrtiiar I'^acieco. ac. Xa
v»sr&er i, whereat tie- cte^rsr pres
fd-fct^ Itrs^ EUa 1L. Serxrzrc. cairrely
stu?^«asr tiat "Tier* shall 6e no lacur
tcasta oar speecies^ BraTa' I^s
tie Icrur^ pedastic. spiritlessj taEts ttat
Esai* f'eaata firsffrala- Tiea Lee's wtt
ccce tie "53"" aad: tie •*5±p : * cf ocr
new rtgiTTH* ia cltLSdc^n
• • «
Tie Cori3=a_CI^b, Mrs^ E<5&<»rt Wai
tie J-iiiracs. S;-3ar* Cl^a- ca Titrrj
day. 2<lti» whan, tie howlir^ pna will
be ia^c bear.
Eow^rar r 'tis, said tie Corona Clab
is soi a cltih- cf "'sz^atz'jLsrs^ so a tril-
Tt^rr* seen* is iardly to 6e Iac-iad far
¦3.*" t5*^*'** t^* f "^r^ T CC 1^ tl53*
E«f2r» the wtstar rai^s set ta thirty
fset cf the ze"sw rscf had aeec Laid.
Ijrrrr.'i'ir -was cbtaiaed far tie ccctir^a.
tics. cf tie wcri tiia «c=er, £^t—
"W'ir* sa fr-Ti*» f jr La2cr. Aftar ixptjed—
?•¦*^ JIH^J trpcn **?'?» w»£I-6eIoTn»d. lahcr.
ccirvtctad cf apatij ta tie ttazzstt a^id
1st: ticae restarsif waH3 x^ir^; diatirs
jrxtii'! Scrair st^cie cae nrnar see iia
Wha£ «x^C3e er jailia.tia:c can. fee cf
fee dc^iS tf »i wah ".j jaTe cixr ctric
icnoc — aaf dc^e Thickly.
Tie- wtatar rxLzs are on azd vcri
ihcr^d teats, at ccce,
S^S3-iati»:na az.d h*rp -sill b»» sfisdly
rsi:atr»d £:y the 3<cr>;carT at The Ca^«
cr tie rr«sidea.^. Serurtcr Jcaeci- E-
Tr-rrxt ¦%'(*.. Itidiera cf tie Iea^tae *n
i2.T : *,^r* t3 f', 'f~ tieir 3.r"rrr*^.r d"*^ cf
0L Others xr* fcixidan. ta ictn. tie Iea^se-
Tiac w^a a Jiaoij T-t— »'?!i^-r;
by tire Pairiic Coa3t "yCocie^'3 Press
Aasootatic-a. last Tii-5*Iay at tie €TaIf
f srria. Tiera "jrers co dry tcaats. no lotyr
tao3t3. and cone c? tiers cot cf" siary
ctopedxaa — Cor wiici let tha %?>ia ce
tiacis^i. Verily, ar^ wcisen gju'jwlng.
¦WTra Vt*<-pit^ &t^- «crr^»- .iay well Ht»
down tie ocncepctc=. tia: vcsieii are
¦srttleas-
SCa ssxii ranted cat *"»* r>-rr:<r Ki
iis-perti^rs.: L«id Irxj tie arcies-t Tal-
L»y. •»•&«¦» -tardrf fcra^rse aj ef eld, xrz.-
T:»~i J «- The oll-ra trees bear thutr fr-ei
xlcc-sa i3 of old, the pcine^rasuitia
bleed rsd Itl the patia. tie r-:aea cf Ca»
tCe adH clini cT»r tia falLia. pilLxrs tz.
tie cc-crt. 13 tictig*r to fciad u^ ci^
jerry wrTr-rti. f-w-tHo-va bdLi tfssir naatj
ts. the r^ired ccrridcca^ "yhers lizartii
i— •; s^uirr"il3 >i a jaf^ igjLu-.^ 2aT*
wii*i rr»»» 'ih&5,'niii!i23 tctrriac ¦wTtudfflra
c~t<£~ tha r"ii_za xcd slTija iftirr a start.
Tie start, bar tie- way, ts Trrrrn.ITy r°
cipn:cat*i ir tie zcurtac Jzsz cr^z ti*
¦yay CSea <3oi r 5 Arm "^ier* lie Tntii}
ciiildrss. tf tie fcr^st. Surrcczidsd &y
a r*rr-ed adoie wa2 tiled at the toe* *
craay clti cr^aa tactirs t=. the ct*z.zzr.
Jl~d &T it tie c£d n.-!~»-;- Ta.t» r wtti
tieir. niar^r»L<;aa masccrT" a 'leiinrry cDi..
i^***T "*V*l" i^'I 1^<^ J*^ r *""
- •* J* 1 1 * - ~~- ..?¦.>¦« -^ -^ , ?'„_*. ImC^VW*
ar^ tit? 'carriiiica azt£ tie scuilirrs' c;i^u.
alaa cf dajccrri azii tie ?rsat triSiir
vair ta tie EeOt. just fceyced tie cr
t -r^.^ **** ***."** O^ 1 f^ ** .at"o^^*^ **•
spots, tt i^ the saiersarr that decsi-
Cat£5 "Ll f 7? I : :. Xt U5 Hn^T Cid ;;LC ! " "I -
ary» wfrti-siiz. ars slee^nr? -"^^ of tia
- - - * — - m - - ¦— — ¦• ~i - ¦ ' lit 1 2 'fcj ¦ ii*» 1^ *** 1 ' j
Sxiil- the £1 whici iUUO adebes
liar. i-j. "vhcae- forbears He sLespt^? L2. the
cri^r:irTir-i pral-ir. Tie caajei; wii
cisar-ifi cf c.:c3 cf -iearta, tie ii:<:5ns. ila- 
- - -~ «^ r *** * *^*tt y^yjrt»>w *• 1* r *^ 5^ i ™r <^^"^^*^
TORS ACCOJiPLKHED.
Cas ft 'fee En. all tZrfs great city— £a aH
r?rr^ sr«ar £txta-^-£irsji<f tlirmistoct. tie
r^-mf tea its frse ryf a^id rsa5<iiiri.T*
fc<iajx. that tiers: a net apirtr scac^i.
ncr paj^riircisrs. enensit scr izrta£It5WEce
encc?il (bi fend a fcard tQ' safe?-«ird tin
fcea^itfol c£«i JCasiua £az: Actnc&> d*
Patina, sa aptly tenasd th.<t ILilrcair
ASB^f t&e WestT
T£i3 farrrocg cM sanizrriinr Lie* 6tr:
1,50 irra. Saa F'razciaco, in ifoa—
tiirsT Cod^. cjes^Iis^ a; tie foot cS ti*
pcxpfe sajiti Hceta*. fi.t^>i^ ta tie Icma
l? vallej- of 5ai A^to-ci^, doctai GTsr
with t2ie caJia cf a eejrrrrr.. tia rofsed
miaalca atxada^ paxaecicaily caHtss—
cai^rs-.
Btic. alaar "t2r tite i-^--^ <-?r? c£ the c:
cinsnerrix'. tire salt* call cf the- xsn-
EirtiiiaaarT", azii tt'3 al^icat loir!: ur the
chaca. Bet s^r^Iy scz^e cm win tear —
nicsr bear.
Tttq 7*ars az^ scsbs Cf ty rf ca Cali
f-rsiasa ear««f crrar±:a<i the Cali
fornia. Lar.d=ari3 Ije&rzg^ whese 6-uai-
H"2ss t- w^uid b«s ta aafsjrrsard CaltfamtA
Lazui=iiirk3. JLStec placis^- a brQuzs ta&-
Bctt cpon; cuf **'Fiart Gs^rrfca^sr xZairz.
en SarT^trrffnto atraet, the leaapia sec
aicnt aaTi^i thi* iEaainc cai Aatccic
. - u*. Ai ¦ am »~ mi LaC .» _ i 1 1 .>*?*.. -*~
5Xt ¦ fc* mi t-1? "IT ~»rZ* part Cf thj£ STJiTi^h iZ.-.
Secaciae ir us c£e eniT irdaaion. that. 'r:i,«
prsser^r i »fi izs crtst_tal. SaTfir.
okigoijll 5Errry& staxds.
By TrtTrra Bjruir Ptow^r?.
X&e itHZs Ctxa IraLi a. nie-cirs- fia
its raci^a att Hit C^liTamii str»i»c an.
ccd 6fA*ti'*iii cf Ttriicli Scr ITrr>
tua-sTi w us. As asicsjMr* ci ti*
Lk&d. ojf th« tei» wis is. *Tiiiffrx^ r far
&ear.d«s ruitrr* scr^js. fc-j- 0m ELxwiiiur
Qs±=tat. zha -xiiCL-j and cie r^ir^aa.
oasxs war-* Ri.in.rLi-; Aiii*i o :ii3
csany cf cia Lidi^a Tr?r? a-icm-iti wtii
I»i»» tie wr**a:i cf iaisrirs so iuci=a.;
izjr GT?r a pair cf fcrl^ic *t-23. TT^aae
w - r * yeiltrw, r=pr^*±dt3sr tii 1 ? naxil
color, ii~*T.T? t33T^^*i trs.dar" ti* satrc:—
fcaa a. ci^riieraiip cf 111, an tnhcati
wiifc a. da*2 aiietica. far citiir a.f-~r>.
wh±cir nia^y pc2rt3 af disraaalcTi ircse
ccirc^rnii^ the -areliir* ci r' 1 ?^ aaciary
An.vi tibe b"jar way ta ftr^t^TT £ts pro
was r=ccn^=.ecd«ifi ajs<I i »ror?r*-rf-^*»
«I«ctai ca read, cccatiisr aui»i aeCar
niine. a ropers i» ta- &^ gi««a *i ci*
Ttcse- *I]acriil to surv* Trpcn. rw-^ co^x
2T-^~--i'i 'wer"ii itrs. TTricoxi. "vrr-». * <**
ciacs ¥?r« r»ad frocr itaeiz crasxSers
Trio *xpr-fS3»i(i tisjfr mrar*fsr ts tfca
fcald i±.*ir Srac nc zrilly =.*;cir^ ca
The Dacxiir-rs ni*»c Si ch* pariars
pioc*sr iiir<ira — bi*ss zh.-tir ?r-*7" cti
iieada.
3 pl _ni_ Cta-piaji races*. SteEcnf
bTitTfitn^. '^Si* ;!mya.w »~3» tnxrfcrfiasr
Ca> **O, STraH<rw, S^irallcw^ <r r aoca> r
*"&> ""Ici LiiS* Dsci'" CGr-irj' r ic>
'*CecflT" (Stracss}, fej Miss CanHIe
HarrUiii; rsaaliii^s. Mrs. K=.pkrW
nujcs.eEX, arui az this t±=se ts gsgeffiT.lTT
asrapes, fQlIcrwtcs- aa £r da»*a ejez tie
txrv.htrizr i=. Cbacw li-niieaZ CaCt-r*-- "Saa
<;a£mX. 3£sui. Carrie "'-¦""¦».- sanur tern. i»-
StaslTTTI Vj— -S.'»- IJItti; fit'.*, -F-r-wmrir
YTCTBI BADLY CBUSHEP
Landmarks League Saves the Walls,
but Labor Is Suspended.
Statue for Cathedral Given the Archbishop
BISHOP CONATY DELIVERS A EULOGY
Driver of llaeMne in Avoid
ing 3 Woman and a Child
Hit* Pedestrian on Walk
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS HONOR DISCOVERER
MERCHANT HURT
BT AUTOMOBILE
OLD MISSION SADLY
IN NEED OF A ROOF
THE SAX FRAXCI5CO CALL. MONDAY. OCTOBER 17. 1904.
7
ADV tJrnl^^ vwrc
COMPA>V
53 S^gSCXa. 639CZZ3.
113 7s?7S& S3. TC 3E«^-i_ri 128S.
THIS WEEK
¦^S> ia.-r« scsst «t»j~* wiiSca. pf"iuJfali bry-
Cr^«a « * E^ckvtTs Svms y-^jr;.ta. pfc=J
;ar L5c
Ti*T ti"»t c*Tcr b»ws »c£d f-r L«aa
ts 1 ¦-."- <?T7g**«"" -• ~ * ? y t* fcey ds2«
fT«ala ai lia.; price.
?^r <&5SE2 . ..........T»e
Swtfirt Tta^tia*. f ra_rJ&r-s Se
-»<» i'i. . ¦*• -:-f r»o»=t rtzs. W* «e£l ccly
i ¦ — '*>* <;-ii=.i^t7 xr z'r. : .x ?rioe.
Tej Tui* C.'.'win-rry S.i '..¦.<?. --r *;. .40e
- r ~^*- *** -"
Sc«ci Ossa. P«r c*da<t I3c
±rziX3 Zmsz±tt SsxmX Z-r zarfcuc:. .Se
C^rtiga 2r-:«- ' TKtrw Tsr* Pru« c.Tr-Tt
X«=r. K-cs iar L5c
TSi^fc i» ». cur jeioi ta t=trt»tacfc.
S^S^ 2^*,, p*r 6^ »c
CSttegg^pcD iscj
Cos* ?r«ji Z37>> 3'^* *» _30c j
Oth«r» »»rll 9^3L« fir t-1«:.
ZS.S3T* Oelxsae. ?•?? su.1: Jbi#? . tj>. j
Cms* i T5TxglTrtZ*» -i_i zi :-rj TaxSc. . ISe
All err fw4i are £^ara=2!wf ii rep-
r»*«rti»ti. Ajrrta h»y tiac fails t» (Last
tf r»C^rt:*fi ir» w-^1 «i««rf-iil7 r*tsr» ywx
IXO ?CTXTZ STXXET.
MAUVAiS MUSIC CO.
SS3 riSJTZT ST~ Cf?. MXS8M-
Ml SIC, nSTSTMEtTS^ STX»C&
SPECIAL SALE
NET AND SILK
WAISTS
AtDEEPLYCUTPRICES
S3JO WABTS for. S5JDO
SI23O WAISTS Sar- - 57-50
SI5XO WAESTS C» SiC.CO
Snrr wcataa w&» car** £ar ir^tny
ta «S7« a siiri «r aurvw liciji ran
AXTSOIiLVrsw
Columbia irss
2 Mv.:n= TO-MGHT
stirs. Trsz-arssTLa.Ts 4 sa.TC33us.T3
iTZ^LSZ "TT3C5I SX3LX.
ait?cc Tit ->»» ,K-C(3acU£ Z-i?? Caches-.
Ti» trra^-K: -rnwical zacs**Z2 *»w wrtrDjow
QAM TOY
XA*m 7.?O7X3S
2T'»r-r 3isi= »<?•* iz ¦?..at.
tf >—»-<¦« Taea., Tin. 5ac. 5o=. *= I .Ta.
A.ND HIS 3A.ND
ftJITC^ i5»sasi. _K.3»» *^. riir '-¦¦h' .5Be
rliVi-J lfjnrifga- -- T- rir gr.O, 3Sfc
i>^t3 1: c >'- ¦¦¦!.¦->, Clay A >js'j aiou: kscj
Exbilaratlag Vaadeville S
txs S« WUx. z-rvjt XsCssi tzJ. Casa-
Tcia*; JT=r5i7 «=sS "STTZxrl; Xs2=»
Sim. Sia-wtxr -TfcrrastStr C» "Q*
frt*-^. JS.; iata>r-
GRANT) SSSIg
¦""HZi X * '-' ~ >y> V23T
SUTiKB iirS23.if U) S5I3.IT
ARIZONA
13 J — SmfrpEi ni Ens— H3
•=¦«- p^ — -* •» raxrss
H. "ST. BZ-iH 1 "?.. Lrfnuw tni SLmojir-
rSS S3CCX3 TZZX.
TO-a.U>J£J— ?cr sis B«i«i3 «£ O«
C - !." -CC2 XX? 1 ~ I C» 1*2. «" * JLZ.
Ti^j Tjii C--TC lt,::':«cu Kes
A JAPANESE
NIGHTINGALE
pCAUFORNIA-%
A TEXAS STEER
_!_;*. -i ;-..• • ¦ • -» £^9C :.ur. 5L=C9 -_lii
tt ** ¥^ _:L-i': Jpti* — i^ti-i " *¦ 3L
373832? u 5ri3ii«r- il J. T — i' L'.CX-
J»-lJ,7 5^T?TlJkT — Ti» 3osisi*r Of-
»3 lie 3'rrxLir »act ilw Cwtv-rd-x* 3
ILi--^. stt-u: * ' *"-«^- ssXcl. ' i_-:-t.
AT PI7A T^Saijaca » Kxjg.
TO-acsacr— sjlts. sat, iid rrs.
The Way of file World.
r*:.» ins:-:> Sraarr T:- laeaR7- If „¦
T:r<t
'*¦'¦'*'• 3SC3E. — S. T TiBTr<Tg»g» S*»e r.nrwrfr.
J » ;.'.t.' vl :¦"¦ SCZIir* 4TrT v*j*:t.
32XC3rr- TSTE23C
MATINEE SATURDAY
E3E-SHE3P *Uc=i-«» rf -Sir 3Tr«: "» u> n 1 'i»»t
13 T^iy^ita t; -_:>» Txacsa Cnec Cess
rMlbH
Mousetrap Peddler
•* tYT tiu-'t <-g T^**. ffc *_
Watea t»f -THE M£SSE%6OT SOT"
CENTRAL^
"T^t.- x~^ -t' —— jr y r_ .'* <u - - y
Vi" ¦¦¦«¦ «ii-i-'j? »^.i te.uj
I JAMES J. JEFFRIES \
1 "DA\T CROCKETT^ |
i Tir^» r-rtct.fe» -rf ac=r« i»cwu JXKZ3 JL
TED eTbo>^
I- Tl-» y*'*^' 'ig % . Sirmr "FLUU3UXJ"
*^-< giit"i,x =x &• SUne.
K ¦» I T f * '* U ¦"-*- 1*&«».'T»*'>» H~lf?l?.
*S^TH3" 5V13-T rJfMCS ESC THS ZS}*X
ZXsSttTZ CJt.3Li3~Zr DC E-i J6J5K;.
• H>1.- "--« r -:^':rr.a ::«: '-"nsd-rj ir-.l-'Jic. ';m.
jL3tA.T52T2 XltTST TEZT3t*I>XX.
L 2te ; f-*".!">iw%_ _ : r
I HTbcst gtmnTtg JLaa. Sar Tia Tvirifc-
Perrm
\ Gloves
H The fell szylss 2nd \
shz&cs of Perrin gloves j
; arc the most "chic"
and pleasing vet
showo. 2nd sll of these ¦
gloves have the ster- |
ling merit of perfect
• form and far.
A. 0. BA7TS & COMPJMTr
' <^~-'-« P^^lj. G2ctt« as d Sisrs*
ramce ,^^5
aUU PaHLOS. da
oraod louis xv pas.
UIU11U LO2. «=£ ess LA-
n x-1- D2ES" wsttikg
DOtelS BOOlt
III 111] - :r
.^ ¦ ™ 73» 3Carkac «- iat d
5j*j.'^J «-
YAf. T. HESS,
T«tl ?¦•"•_ ?-¦*¦" Ull.l. •n.T:T'» jQntt H»u» suit
gjrtrfi"T-~ Tvixsficn* ?xra 3442.
-
'1WN THE LINE"
37 H-JTiri Acsc
A ?»-riii*» Sariwriggg M..r-.n\f***f SB3« »-«f
Asae£.
OCafaXK3L.T 3CDCXTSI>_
Saj&rs 25c. 3Bc Sir
smssdxsr *3>* Ssc^aeet Sc. ->)r
C:nIitr^Ti z£ KiiTHs i. „. sac ¦»"!>.
MISCU T *TEOC5 AXTSEMlLVtS.
IT»II¥4T Hi::
Caaccrt Stares fty
GERTRUDE hLtfMING
pnan, »"¦> CEJlHUES FTjLSTT. '"'"" xait Tin—
Bajat" SCSOfFg STSEaTSSt. ITBifraC Ct-
rirmr
3tcserp«£ "fflHTK It. ¦re aUic iz glxa. "Jrr.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1904.
8
CEAIBVOYANTS— Contlnned.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant stnd
palmist ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
band, wife or sweetheart is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell everv hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself ; I will improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength in mental and bodily vigor
and luck that insures success In business,
mining and speculation; I implant controlling
power In your nature so you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause marriage
with the one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Closed Sunday. 326 — O'Farrell st. — 326.
MRS. RICHARDSON, from London. England,
clairvoyant, card reader. 313 Ellis St.; no
sign.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 0 p. m. 512 Jessie st.
MME. "WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
MME. MARSEAU, clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c; gents 50c. 545 Minna st.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612^ Eddy st.; rio aign.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. _^
SPIRITTTAIiISM.
ARRIVED from New York, Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clair-
voyance. Office. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, business
medium and life reader. Office 1206 Market
St.. Gait House, room 14. -
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, medium and life
reader; clr. ev. eve'g 10c; read dally. 43 6th.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln,
room 49; readings 1 to B; tel. South 319.
OABPET BEATiyQ ATO CXBAHTIHO.
COMPRESSED Air .and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at chop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. T«l. South 40.
"WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S 8up«rior Carpet Beating "Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth si.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sf
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 263.
55Sy*S35?*L5S35. :BS#
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
CLOTgHTQ BEUOVATINO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DEBTTISTS^
A NEW plate — The Whalebone^ — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c,
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist,r.l4. 1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter and Grant ave. '
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 069 Mission, cor. 6th
DBESSMAKEBS AND SEAMSTEESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 738 Mission
St., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE?.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university,- law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. ev. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
M. J. CONROY. public stenographer, expert
and Private shorthand teacher; typewriting
and mimeographing. Room 227, Emma
Sprockets buldg.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64; Van
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory.
Physical culture — Day and evening: class or
private. Y. M. C. A. bldg.. Mason and Ellis.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
Ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
333 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable.
A — METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., K02 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 12S1 Market st.: large sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing,
et;.. $5 mo.; private. 1281 Market St., r. 704.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De FIllppe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Post; est. 1871; ablest profs
CMALLEY'S Dancing Academy. 1164A O'Far-
rell — Adults Thursday, Juveniles Saturday.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
.GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 628 Halght st.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Mont a' my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 34S Halght;
Individual Instruc. ; all branches: day. eve.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 925 Golden
Gate ave.. 8. F.; 75-page catalog on request.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlc«
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 0261.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 009 Hearst Hid.
A — ORPHETJM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnew help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5751
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
. best help. Frits Tamagakl.mgr..tel.Bush 858.
RELIABLES Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 310 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
•eMP-LOYMElffT WAITTED— FEMAI.E.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants
situation to do general housework; good ref-
_erences. Call 1516^ Treat ave.. off Folsom.
A RESPECTABLE ~~ Swedish "woman wishes
days" work: washing. Ironing or cleaning.
Address by letter C. S.. 1169 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation to do
light housework and plain cooking. In good.
plain family. 316 Linden ave.. near Gough.
FRENCH laundress; does fine washing at
home; open air dry. Phone Page 7931.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing.
Ironing, sweeping, etc. 65 Rausch. st.
SEAMSTRESS wants day work. 1115 Folsom
1 street. . " , ¦ ,
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone Scuth 10D0.
:t Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
one hour's Tide from city; fine chance for
summer outinp, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own eas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates l;!
poojjle over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to co East; make ofTer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First -class* livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; BO stalls;
rent only y,*> per month; well stocked with
horses. busKies. hacks and coupes; lone es-
tablished and doing a good business 1 ; owners
retiring, cause of eale. CAMERON & CO..
3 Ed'Jy st.
FOH sale— Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry. Ice
cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too nu-
merous to mention; would be pleased to have
you call and Inspect our list. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kind* of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
, acres In shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished; 2
bars, dancinc pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Son-
day; electric cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood. coal. Mme and cement businesses in
S. F. : cheaD rent: horses and wagons; all
equipments: Dreaent owner hns made a for-
tune ar.d wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O per month: trial given If
desired; Dart down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished; horse ana
buggy: fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pct: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
PARTNER wanted that is reliable and honest;
light Indoor business; established for years;
pays at least $S6 per month to each; very
small capital required. 87 Third et., room 14.
A WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon (here for 12
years) for tale on account of retiring. Box
1743. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale In the Mission; con-
venient to transfer corner. Address box 1964,
Call office.
DESIRABLE city lots to exchange for a busi-
ness. Address, with rsrtlculars, box 1600,
Call office.
$760 — ROOM and boarding house In Oakland.
P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466 Tenth St.. Oak-
land.
GOOD paying carriage trimming, harness and
carriage business; bargain; account of sick-
ness. 373 Tenth st.. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap — Machines, fixtures, good will,
established tailor shop; power; low rent.
Box 3131, Call office.
FOR good Government land, adapted to all
crops and good climate, water for Irrigation,
under L*. S. Gov. system. 305 Larkin St., r.49.
A GOOD chance for a showcard writer with $50
to make money. For particulars, write to
J. W. A., 3. - :O North First St., San Jose, Cal.
FOR eale — First-class grocery and delicacy
store; account of sickness. 3601 Army st.,
corner Sian Jose ave.
A CORNER grocery delicatessen, with 2 fur-
nished rooms; rent $15; 3-year lease. Box
2720. Call office.
FINE corner delicacy, fancy groceries and
liquors, with 4 living rooms; can't be beat.
79S Hayes 8t.
$1200 A YEAR for life secured by small
monthly payments for a short time only.
INVESTOR. 51S Parrott bldg.
BRANCH bakery, candles, stationery, living
rooms; cheap. t>14 Hermann St., opp. Hearst
¦ School. .... .. - ¦ 1.
FOR sale — Bar; 4 furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; on Mission road. Inquire
E. MONI. 810 Pacific st. bet. S and 9 a. m.
GOOD business proposition; sale or partner.
Apply 233 Geary St., room 36.
GOOD corner saloon, on account of death. In-
quire Ife98 Howard st.
$5(iO BUYS 'i Interest in business worth $3000;
$100 month guaranteed. 36 Geary st., r. 9.
FOR sale — Cigar stand, near water front; day
trade: price $650; rent 530. Box 1909, Call.
FOR sale — Cigar store in Oakland. Address
box 10S9, Call office.
SALOON for sale; fine location In Oakland;
good business. Address box 1571, Call office.
FOR sale — Jewelry store; can add notions, etc.;
nice llv. rooms cheap; sickness. 1605 Church.
GRAND business opportunity; lady or gent
with $500; mo. income $150. Box 1011. Call.
$475 — GROCERY and bar license; must be
sold to-day. Box 1761, Call office.
$175— CANDIES and pastry; 3 finely furnished
rooms and large basement. 625 Taylor st.
A SNAP — First-class flower store for $400; es-
tabllshed 11 years. Call 808 Valencia st.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Inqulr*
at the Jackson Brewery, 1428 Mission st.
$175 — 8- ROOM house; rent $27 50; must sell at
once. Call 357 Fourth et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IB pagei. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
•GODQINP-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050*
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
82 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years* lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-clasa condition: good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-'
sient can clear $300 to $3f>o per month; here is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat; close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Butter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 50 per room: long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bell and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get lirst-class house that Is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer;
exclusively with us.
90-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every ap-
pointment heart could wish; this little gem at
bargain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $20O per month; always full; best
buy in city; account of sickness; price $450O.
180 rooms: grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent; fine lease: paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing u handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished: oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms; rent $60; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house; part down, balance reason-
able interest.
9-room flat; rent only $50: water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
128 rooms, cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date, downtown house: well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month: every-
thing flrst-cla#s condition; will trade, for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central: good fur-
niture and carpets; clears ?100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and'
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS. -
JOHN r D. SPRECKEtS . : ; ; . Proprietor
Address <"c:r.mur.ications 10
JOHN* McXACGHT. 'IV??.^Manager
W". J. MAKTIV. . . . Boslnesa Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THF CALL. Tfc# Creator Will Con -
nect You With the Department \ou Wish.
ruMication Office Market and Third. B. F.
Editorial Booms 2!7 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cti.Per Week. 75
Cti-. Tor Month. Simd* Coptes>5 <****>•-_
Terms t^y Mall. Inclu-Itn* Pottage <-.a*h W ith
DAILY <ALL (lariat. Sunday)'. *»*«"•*$•<*
DAILY CAM. (includ. Sundp.j >. 6 nios... 4.00
DAILY CAU*— By S!ng!e Month j-*
ECKDAY CALL. 1 Year - •£
WXXKLY TALL. 1 Year ¦ •*,
~i Dally. . .5S «•" Per Year Extra
FOREIGN li-Jrcav. 4.1.% Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I %Veek1y. 1 O> Per Year Extra
ALL POPTMAPTF.HS AP.F Al"riI<->FUZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Es-rpie Ocries will he forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering "-har.oe of a<1- j
£re»s should be pertirular to give both NEU |
AND OLI> AD1'RE. C ? <n order to insure a
prompt and c«.r:T«ct compliance with their r«"-
guest-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
J01C Brofci^ay Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2J45 ryr.ter S'ree' Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
(AMITL V.-. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOP.K NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Aftoria H^tel; A. Brentano. 31
T'rion Btfaare: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hcffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: 1
Ehercr.an Houtxr : P. O. News Co.: Great
Northerr. Hotel: Ttemor.t House; AufJ'.tortum
Kctc!; F«'.n.<r Home.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KSOGKESS. Marquette BulM'.r.g. j
<Lon«r Dittance Teler!i n ne. •¦Cer.trnl 2018.") |
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH "i) Tr.bune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTON HeraM Square
Bt-'EIXESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
IS o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10C«; Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II rt- m.
B27 Montgomery etreet, corr.er Clay; open until
3 :;;<"¦ p. m.
SMI Hayes Ftreet: open until J>:30 p. m.
CS5> McAllister street: er-en until 9:30 p. m.
Cl.' I^arkin street; open until P:~n p. m.
1JU1 Misrion street: op^n until 10 p. rn.
IOC Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JfilK! Valencia «-treet: cpen until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer <~hurch and Duncan streets;
open rntil It p. m.
g^iO Pil'moH* street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETITO KOTICE3.
A5YLT"M of Gulden Gate fommandery
No 1<", K. T.. CJ5 Gutter st. — Stated ug
Afcferr.tly THIS EVENING at 6 Kg
o'clock. All fratrrs are courteously
invited By order of the Commander.
THEO FROL1CH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal «
-Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. VV
Business and detr«= 4. /V'
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary-.
OOCIDnNTAI. Lodge No. 22. F. and m
A. M— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING VSf
it 7:30 oclock. First degree. By />r\
order of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sep.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 26oT~f! »
and A. It, 1839 Killmore st— Third vy
6ctrr*e THIS (MONDAY) EVENING
at 7 :C0 o' clock.
HARRY BAEUR. Secretary.
ALIA Lodge No 205 I. O. O. F. jaa .
—Initiation MONDAY EVEN- S?2?"R&»-
ING < » • 17 Five candidates. 'J3d99B3f?
B. F. LEDFORD. N. G. ¦^aS*«sS^
TO the Officers ar.d Members of Rig- —
srers 1 and Stevedore"" Vnion. Local at
'S^-. I. L M. and T. A.- You aie •fSa
hereby notified to atten : li.p rei,""- g5fi|*l
'¦z.' riieeting o'. this cr.irn m <vjr VygH
ha!l. 121 New Montgomery St.. THIS J^J.
EVENING, a* business of great im- BCSEI
portancc will be transacted. By or-
der cf P. D. HAWTHORNE.
First Vice President.
HENRY JEND. Rec. and Cor. Sec.
6T. ANDREWS Society — Open meet- A r^s.
inp at Hall. 117 Lai kin "^ (JkO?J
rt.. MONDAY EVENING. Oct. 17. 'VK^L'p;
K o'clock. Sprigs o' heather frae
Scotland will be distributed. Members and
fri'nds cordially invited.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. Pres.
R. G. ELRICK, Asst. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
process frr.m N. H. Burger, in Dry Gulch
Gr^el Mine, near Pleasant Valley, El Dorado
County. Oa.1.. draining Into Clear Creek,
which rt-aches Cssumnes River, gives notice
that a. meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 06 Flood bldg.. San Fran-
cIeco. Cal.. October 31. ll>04. at 1:30 p. m.
AGEI?TS WASTES).
INK1.ESS fourtsin r»ns: cample 15c; dozen
tl 60: retails 25c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush st.
AGENTS aellinp Tsrk lots, cash or on the ln-
ftalimeat r.lan. 467 Parrott building.
ATTOB-eTETS-AT-IAW. _
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exarn. bldg,
*th floor; entrance room (ill; established »6
years; all courts, general court and office
practice: r.o fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; ercnlnps by appointment. Tel. Red ."5601.
ADVICE free OB all l*?s! matterr; d!vor~e« a
rperialty; private, q-j'.rk: no pay in advance;
mlr.fngieomtanies crsrar.;zed;ratents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.; rstab. 22 yrs!
AAA — DIVORCE costs. $12: quick quiet.
Advice free; all law business.
No charge t:r.les« successful.
1C35 Market St.. cor. Seventh. rooTn 419.
AA — Divorce; costs $12 ;qulck. quiet ;ad\ice free;
ell law business; r.o charge unless Vuccese-
ful. open eve-nines. 927 Market st.. room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs *12: r.o fee* or
costs in advance; all law business- o'fi'-e
Open Saturday ever.ir.gs. 81?) Market st..r.33.
ADVICE free: divorce co?ts 512: quickTquief
atf! law business; no rhargs unless success-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
W.Matthe»«. C32 Market st.; consultation free^
private, and confidential: no advance fees"
collections, rrwhanlcr' lier.r. tenants ejected!
L.. P. CLAHK. 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no. fees In advance: open evenings
ASTKSXA CUKE.
XM NOLA'6 Asthma Remedy relieve^lristantHp
IOc. 25c. 50c. 1602 Market, Et. KtdMrtas!
alto Wlthart. 10th and Washington. Oakland!
ASTS0 LOG Y.
ZOBEID7T. astrologer: psychic, occult and mm-
trologlcal readings. 9 Mason st.. rooms 1-2.
Airro»xo:Bn.Es.
A MODEL Cadillac engine: brand new; used
thret mastta: <on5i»*rte, with larr.r-s. lf.rns;
extra tires, etc.; price $700. T13 Sixteenth
«.. Oakland.
"B" MODEL <~a.tl.Uar touring car: used three
morthf:; ccmslrte with lamps, horns, extra
tir«f;, <ic. ; icice $900. 513 Sixteenth St..
Oakl^.-,d.
TTIIITE Etanhop*. In first-cUss runnjng con-
oitior.; a snap for $300. White Garage. Msr-
kct end Krar.klin bis.
CADILLAC automobile for sale; In first-class
runnlns order; price S75O. Box 1572. Call.
FOR sale— -white" Stanhope, for $3M. Box
1750. Call office. '
BOARDING FOB CHH.PBEIT.
KXPER1ENCEL* nurte will give good home for
1 cr 2 children; iarge yard near schorj; ref-
ereuc«-s given; reasonable terms. VXSif Ala-
bama 6t.
t\'ANT tr. l»ard a pair tit twins t months old;
Rive full particular*. Address 29 Norfolk st.
WANTED— A child or infant to board; nrst-
r-IacK r>-fe?«ricf*. Apr-Iy ?« 'JT,l Orizaba, ave.
Ocean View.
"WANTED— To board sra.-Ul children. 1021 Van
Ness ave.
** V p'"T F:D — To board tmall cbildrea. ice
Of 10 /'"M a ccinrn r^ r\ i i t n /i \ t c adp 1 a r^ dpat
EMPLOYMENT WAHTED~MALJE--Cott.
A YOL'NG Japanese honest boy wants position
to <lo general housework in small family.
Address Y. MINAMI. 418A Post St.
MAN and wife, experience.! cooks, want posi-
tions in hotel, boarding-house cr carip, city
or country. A<idr»<<9 M. E. E.. box 0.:i2. Call.
A JAPANESE boy want* a position as school-
boy or by half day; in city or country. T.
UYENO. 424 Ceary at.
PAINTER has all too!?, will work very reas-
onable Address PAINTER. 400 Turk St.;
phone Hyde HOti.
A STRONG boy, handy with tools, would like
to learn the carpenter trade: has had some
experience. Box «217, Call office.
YOUNG Japanese bo/ wishes position ¦» a
schoolboy. BEN T WATAN'ADE, 4^1 Stev-
enson st. Phone Je3»ie 2381.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants situation to take
care of horses, garden, drive and general
work._IL_B..jtil3 Montgomery_st :
GERMAN. 42 years, "married, wants light
work; handy at most anything; best of refer-
ences. Box 2617. Call office.
MAN and wife would like position on rancb:
man as foreman; wife to do cooking; best
references. Box 1589. 1009 Market St.
WANTED — Situation in cigar stora by young
man IS years old; good character. Box 2670,
Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper (male. 36) 13 open
to an engagement ; good references. BETA.
box 2075. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by German (37) as sta-
bleman, laborer cr any other kind of work.
Box 2980, Call office.
A RELIABLE man wants position as. night
watchman; references. Address I. B.. 73d
Folsom «>t.
EXPERIENCED check writer wants position.
Box 2855. Call office.
WANTED— Position as collector or outside
salesman; exp.; good ref. Box 3233, Call.
CARPENTER work of all kinds promptly at-
tenderi to. 236b' Market st.
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 30S5 Call
office.
WANTED — A set of books to keep evenings.
Box 3109. Call office.
BOY attending art school would work for room.
board and small pay. P. O. box S7. Berkeley.
WANTED — Place a s collector: security given.
H. F. SCHILLER, 2C24 Powell St.
YOUNG bartender and piano player wishes po-
sition; city or country. Box 2875. Call.
CHINESE cook, first class; hns references: city.
Address LOUIE YUEN, care 61S Dupont st.
A CHINESE first-class cook wishes situation
In hotel. WING. 733 Commercial St.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position at
chamber- work, porter or housework: under-
stands some English. T. NAKAMURA, 744
Post st.
YOUNG JAPANESE STUDENT WANTS SIT^
UATION; OFFICE OR STORE BOY;
SPEAKS ENGLISH AND WRITES WELL.
K. SAKE. 418 DUPONT ST.
JAPANESE boy wishes place as schoolboy or
at housework In nice family. Address n.
YANA. 1343 Webster st.. near Pine; teL
Jackson 3041.
JAPANESE young, strong boy wants position
to take rare of garden or housework In a
small family. K. ENDO. 233 Valencia St.;
phone Church 3152.
JAPANESE faithful young man wants a posi-
tion to do housework in a private family;
has references. FRANK OTA, 4 Carlo*
place.
JAPANESE young, honest boy. wants position
as schoolboy: understands very well any kind
of work. N. NAGAO, 52S Stevenson st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as schoolboy
in a small family. K. IKEDA, Japanese
Gospel Society. 725 Geary st.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants position la
any kind of store or office at general work;
cpeaks well. HIHARA. 219 Post st.
GOOD Japanese wants place In private family;
housowork, washing or watt 'at table. T.
CRANE. 2420 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
GOOD Japanese boy wants general help after
4-5 o'clock p. m. 405 Post St.. R. BAN.
A JAPANESE boy. gentle and honest, wants
position as schoolboy.M.U.,321% O'Farrell st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
FLATS TO LET.
FOR rent — Two elegant new flats. Just fin-
ished; 6 rooms, bath and trunkroom: large
attic In upDer flat; sun in every room; ma-
rine view; richly finished; gaa and coal
grates; gas and electric lights; all the mod-
ern conveniences of a private residence; SE>.
cor. Polk and Union «ts. ; convenient to
Union. Hyde and Paciflc-ave. car lines; flats
prowplcient to Van Ness ave.; rent $35 and
$40; references. Apply at 1313 Green St..
• between Polk and Larkln.
A— HOUSES and cat* to let; an immense list:
service absolutely fro*; take, advantage of
this department; It will uv« you time and
trouble. Cordes Furnltur* Co.. 24S-23& Qtmry
st.. en the sQuar*.
A— SIXTH ave.. 757— Sunny, pleasant flat of 9
rooms, bath; rent $25; half block of park.
SPECK & CO., 209 Montgomery st.
A PERFECT country flat, 5 rooms and bath;
$15; large flower garden; cars pass the door;
only one fare. Box 0070, Call office... .
CASTRO, 673. near 20th— 2 new flats. 5 and «
large, sunny rooms: aH'the latest Improve-
ments; $27 5O and $G2 50; key on premises.
FINE flat. 1810 Devisadero St.. near Busli — T
rooms, reception, bath and laundry rooms;
rent reasonable.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 4261. near Douglass— 3
new flate; upper, 6 r. and b. ; lower, 5 r. and
b. : rents reasonable.
LOWER flat of 4 rooms, with Improvements;
$15 per month; gaa and electric lights free.
45>-i Noe st.
TWENTIETH ave.. 373, near Point Lobos—
Flat. 5 sunny rooms; bath and basement;
rent $20.
A NEW 6-room sunny, tinted flat. 2S32 Post
rt. ; rent reasonable.
BAKER. 731-7S3— 2 modern flats. «-7 rooms;
nearly new; very sunny; near McAllister st.
EUREKA. 216, near Nineteenth — New lower
flat; 5 rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
CENTRAL, modern flat; 9 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento St.. above Powell.
FINE, sunny upper flat; marine view: 8 rooms
and bath. SE. cor. Jones and Brcadway.
GEARY. 563. near Taylor— Desirable mlddl»
flat; 3 r. and b. : rent reasonable.
FIFTEENTH. 21S6, near Noe — New. modern
flat 6 rooms, bath: rent $30; nr. Duboce Park.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
24-26 MISSISSIPPI st.— 2 flats; modern; $17
and $17; water free.
NICE lower flat. 8 rooms; every convenience.
1523 Trent art. ; rent $20: key at grocery- .
052-0H2 OAK— 2 elejant upper fiats; 7 room*
and bath; rent $27 50.
SHOTWELL. 1177— 5-room modern flat; bath
and wash kitchen; reasonable.
TAYLOR. 006 — Sunny, bay-window flats; 4
rooms, bath, $22 CO; 5 rooms, bath, $25.
VAN NESS. 2327. near Union — 2 modern upper
flats; 8 r. and b. each; sunny; marine view.
$32 50— ELEGANT new 6-room flat. 1 block
north of Market. 1«5 Noe St.. near . 15th.
FOR sale — A snap; 5 rooms completely fur-
nished; call t to 6 p. m. ; room to rent; rent
$11. 210!' 3 Tehama st.
TURK. 1CS%— 6-room flat, well furnished; good
transient; 2 rooms pays rent; all outside,
sunny rooms; bargain if sold by October 21.
$400 — 7-ROOM flat; sunny corner; nicety fur-
nished: clears $12 uO; rent $45; owner leaving
city. 721 Franklin St.; call 10 to 1.
ELEGANTLY furnished fiat, S rocms. all new;
Flllmore st.. nr. Hayes; selling to go East;
great bargain. Call at 7 Montgomery st.
NICELY furnished modern flat of 5 rooms;
reasonable. 73O Octavla. near McAllister.
SIX-ROOM flat: well .furnlsh-d: cheap: Gold-
en G. ave.; sunny. 26 Montgomery, room 8.
FURNISHED flat for sale. 247 Slxtk it.
BOARDING POR CHILDREN— Con.
OSCB or two children to board; sood care. 542
Jessie st.
GERMAN la'ly nxuM like to board children;
n-ar lOth-st. s'.aticn. I(>45 17th St.. Oakland.
MASON. 1810— Child to board.
WANTKD— A little girl to board. 22€2 Mis-
sion st.
1015 JACKSON— Little zirl to board; good
home.
L'MALL chlid to board in private family; best
of care. 6&H Green v.-ich st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $20(iO; CORNER »rrocery and bar; choicest
location on Gvary M.; rent $;$(>: lease; a good
paying and old e*tah:. business; disagree
merit of partners cause of sale. See K. <-!.
WILKE. 2<;*.j Kcainy st.
A— $1400; DAIRY produce store with branch
bakery, confectionery and Ice cream parlor:
l>e!=t location: about l 1^ blocks from Market
St.: daily receipts from $25 up. Call K. Or.
WILKK. 20 1 3 Kearny st.
A— $3(K-; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call bulluing; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 215'i Kearny st.
A— $1800 — CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no nljht cr Sunday work: rent $75;
leas*; a pood payif'ir business: value In sight;
owner engaged otherwise. See R. G. WILKE,
26 U Kearny St.
A— $1TOO: CORNER grocery and bar: Western ,
Addition; 5 living rooms; rent $45; 4^ years'
lease; splendid location and good-paying busi-
ness. R. Q, WILKE, 26ij Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place
surrounded by factories and doing a good-
paying- business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vi
Keaxny et.
A— $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery. '
ice cream parlor, etc., 4 fine living room»;
rent $50: one of the best of its kind of busi-
ness in the city. See R. G. WILKE. 264
Kearny st.
A— S200U: CORNER grocery and bar. with
liviric-rncms; rent $45; best location on Mis-
sion st.: place established years; fresh stock;
value in eight ar.d a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26"^ Kearny st.
A— $6500; sa'-iori, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $175;
pla.-0 dcin£ good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. ?ee R.G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $. r .0<">0: roadhouse and grocery", with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rocms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly income $1000: one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny Bt.
A— $2^>5O: HOTEL of 30 rooms: rent $100: lease;
with first-class raying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26VJ Kearny St.
A— ftiSGO; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay: 21 horses. 2 hacks, 1 coupe. 18 bug-
gies, harness, etc.: 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a first-class paying business; rent
$75. See R. G. WILKE. "-SH Keamy st.
A— $lt;C<v COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, SO boarders: fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town: place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26"?
Kearny st.
A— $7. r .0; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $-5:
d*:ly receipts about $20; best location north
of Market St. Call R. G. WILKE, 26U,
Kearny St.
A— $2C00; HOTEL in San Mateo County: 28
furnished rooms, dining ana bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion ; rent $100;
horse, wagon and :i cows; 5-vear l»ase. Sec
R. G. WILKE. S8)s Kearny st.
A — $.>T>CO; CORNER grocery* and bar on Fulton
street: rent $**•: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2*C0; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26ii Kearny st.
BEFORE you buy any business call and see
BERG & POPP. 31S Ktamy St.
$350 PARTNER, $450 Partner. $500 Partner.
$1000 Partner. $3000 Partner, $4000 Partner.
See BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny Bt.
NO trlflers need to apply if you mean business.
See BERG &. POPP. 318 Kearny et.
$16C0— SALOON; near Market; bargain: call
at once. BERG & POPP. 31 R Kearny st.
$500 — GROCERY and delicatessen: value in
sight: bargain. BERG & POPP. 31S Kearny.
$35f« — SALOON, one block from Market; bar-
gain. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$SOCO— HOTEL and bar, 30 rooms, 45 board-
ers. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$1400— SALOON and merchants" lunch: whole-
sale district. See BERG & POPP, 318
• Kearny st.
f€500 — HOTEL of 76 rooms; cheap rent and
lease. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny st.
$3000— SALOON with lease; rent $S0; bargain.
See BERG &. POPP. SI 8 Keamy st.
$600 TO $2750 — Restaurants in good locations:
bargains. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearny.
$375 TO $1000— Cigar stands In good locations;
bargains. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny.
A— $25,000: PARTY wanted with amount to
take Interest in old established wholesale firm
doing enormous business, both locally and
foreign; money desired to complete extension
of new business now under way; the goods
of this firm are universally known as stand-
ard throughout the world; have agencies In
all large cities; this Is a genuine effer, and
to the rigrit party an «legant opportunity to
Invest with an absolute ruarantee; only par-
ties able to furnish commercial references
need apply.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market St..
Rooms 41S-410. Telephone Folsom 3468.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do net fail to call upon us; we may
have Just what you uar.t to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-41U. Telephone Folsom 34<58.
SALOON on Fourth st.. near Market, nice cor-
ner, good stock on hand, bargain at $lv»00;
country hotel, with good trade and lea»e,
billlara and bar rocm. best place In So-
noma County, price $3000; fine list of busl-
nesses. hotels and romminz-houses in city
and country. EITEL & CARROLL. 212
Kearny »t.
IF you are looking for a good hotel, resort or
hot springs, call on or write
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.,
Western Hotel Brokers,
20 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Phone James C301.
A— $C00 AND *.ervlces secures a % Interest In
oid-cstab. nianufacfg business clearing $300
to J40O monthly: party must be able manage,
offlce or shipping dept.: must ho sober and
Industrious See Brookbank, 917 Market st.
HARNESS store located in the heart of Oak-
land; cheap rent: has good lobbUig busings;
owner !<»avlmr State and will sacrifice less
than con. MITCHENER & BARTON. 910
tirocdway. Oakland.
FOR tale— A laundry doing $200 worth of work
per week in a prosperous town of «500 Inhab-
itants; no other laundry within 20 miles; rea-
son of sale, retiring from the laundry busl-
ness Address box 2072. Call office.
$1-.VW- DELICATESSEN and home cooking with
*t«ady boarders; suitable for two ladles or
m U n < , an e, K^ if * : nlc "v tur. living rooms;
receipts $1S day; r»nt $20 mo. Box 3045. Call.
GENUINE bargain— B»st saloon In Haywards;
centrally located ;• long lease; selling account
sickness; investigate this. Address P. O
box S2.. Haywards.
1JAKGAIN— Only millinery etore In town; large
country trade; established 11 years- must sell
w,. onc r, on arfO «nt sickness: will sell cheap.
MKe. F. C. NEVIS, box 3. Pleasanton, Cal.
P.ESTAITRANT for pale; on account of sick-
ness; seats 40 people; new French range, and
in complete running order: doing .1 business
of SJ'J )xr day. Address box 1952. Call office.
DO you want an honest bargain for small in-
vestment? Old established delicatessen doing
nne cash business; owner has other business;
wishes to retire; Investigate. 217 Sixth st.
WANTED— Grub etake by an experienced
prospector and miner to prospect In Tonopah
gold fields; will sign contract for one pros-
pector. The Almonte. 673 Market, room 73.
RESTAURANT !n first-class business location;
good trad": Income $25 to $35 a day; a bar-
fain for $900. EITEL & CARROLL. 212
Krarny st.
A PROPOSITION- requiring the use of $S0O or
$&00; no risks; splendid returns In 4 months.
Box 233<. Call office.
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds
of drawing and tracing will be don* ctaeau
and exactly. Box 1718. CalL
WANTED— A man to buy a small Interest In
a • business and manage same while present
owner goes East. Box 3311. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES TOB SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 406. EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market sts., tel. Black 3607; free list of
hotels and rooming houses for sale. WE GUAR-
ANTEE GOOD TITLES. MONEY TO LOAN.
City and Country Real Estate for Sale.
PARTLY FURNISHED — 14 nice rooms In fine
location; 7 blocks north of Market; rent
$70; 7 rooms furnished, 7 unfurnished; price
$500; we back you for part
MARION GRIFFIN.
OFFER WANTED this week on a most beau-
tifully furnlshtd 70-room house; NEW and
modem building; low - rent; B-year lease;
high class roomers; double frontage; house
with worlds of sunshine; sickness of man-
ager necessitates a eale; come and Investi-
gate; tell us what terms you'd like and we
shall endeavor to arrange to suit you.
MARION GRIFFIN.
MY HOUSE has 20 rooms.
MY RffNT Is only $60.
MY MONTHLY profit Is $60.
My price wu $1600; i» now $1200.
My terms are one-third down and $20 monthly.
My only reason Is bad health.
My only agent Is MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED house of 17
rooms on Van Ness ave.; rent $66; lease If
desired; now clears $73; nice back yard;
flower garden In front; easy to take care of;
owner Is sick; price reduced to $1000; easy
terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
I BANK $138 monthly as my book will
show; but I must sell and go East
ON MORE IMPORTANT BUSINESS.
I have a nice, clean house of 33 rooms.
Any reasonable offer will be accepted.
I would take $1000 down, balanoe in
SMALL PAYMENTS.
See my sole agent.
MARION GRIFFIN.
THE OWNER SAYS:
"No stranger will be permitted
to inspect my house unless an
agent MARION GRDJTIN'S of floe
comes along. I am away from
home most of the time and my
wife is afraid of strange people
who try to get In on all kinds
of excuses. The house makes a
good living for two and $94 over.
I can sell on easy terms to
any sober and Industrious man and
wife who have $500 to $1000 cash." See
MARION GRIFFIN.
SUTTER STREET — 9-room corner flat; price
$450; part cash; worth $350; rent low.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 406, Examiner bldg.
ELEGANTLY FURNISHED apartment-house
of 24 rooms; clean and new and nice; north
of Market; profit $76 monthly; price $2500,
reduced to $1800 and (If you can give good
references) 1st payment to $400.
MARION GRIFFIN.
The Real Estate Agent.
C. E. HINKLEY PHONE MINT 796.
1020 MARKET ST. OPP 5th st.
RELIABLE DEALINGS AND EASY TERMS
SATISFACTION TO ALL
OUR SPECIALS.
14 rooms, Ellis Bt.; yours for only $350
20 rooms, one floor; lease; mechanics.... $475
25 rooms north of Market; speculation.. $850
31 rooms, 12 unfurnished: clears $70 $1050
It rooms, 4 unfurnished; a snap $250
50 rooms, men roomers; rent $50 $1400
8 sunny rooms, sunny corner; rent $27... $200
44 rooms, sunny corner; boarding;
clears $150 $1850
12 rooms, near Market st.; rent $30 $375
20 rooms. Sixth st. ; clears $62 $700
30 rooms, men roomers: clears $90 $950
14 rooms. Bush st. : rent $40 $350
AND MANY OTHERS.
THIS Is a bargain; 24-room lodging-house on
fine street: rooms all full; are newly fur-
nished: bath and running water; owner Is
compelled to leave city; no other reason for
selling; rent is reasonable and on lease; In-
vestigate. Box 1621. Call office.
MITCHELL £ CO
1206 Market st Phone Jessie 2981.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL & CO
A SNAP— Eight finely furnished rooms, on a
business corner: warm belt. Mission; $300,
clear* $34; party leaving- city; no agent.
Box 3108, Call office.
12-ROOM house; only $20 rent; $600 cash; well
furnlehed. 525 Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 7th.
NICE roomins-house for eale. Call 254 Turk
street.
20 rms.. downtown, nr. theaters; rent $75; rea-
sonable offer accepted. MITCHELL, 1206 Mkt.
_^ S^f^^PYANTa^
THE greatest living adviser on the continent,
RICHARD MAYO.
Reduced charges this week.
Full life reading, $1 00.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you call
for; glvo dates, facts and names of departed
or absent friends; he tells every wish of your
life, how to tain success In love, courtship,
marriage, dlvjrc-»; whether you'll be success-
ful In business affairs; in fact no matter what
may be your fear, hope, or ambition, call on
this gifted man and find relief; his descrip-
tions of your friends and enemies are as real
as though they stood before you; he will send
you away happier, wiser and bolder than ever
before: tells you whom and when you will
Ciarry. settles love quarrels, promptly reunites
the separated, no matter how long standing,
positively mentioning your sweetheart's full
name; he tells everything, good or bad; you
hear the truth and nothing but the truth;
all business confidential. 421 Ellis et. (pri-
vate). walk In; hrs. 8 to 10 dally and Sunday.
MME. M. BERNARD- THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium: perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Exam-
iner bldg.: she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you are In
. trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant, me-
dium, born with double veil and second sight,
gives lucky days; tells past, present, future.
Ladles 60c; O., by cards, $1: palmistry, clalr-
voyant sittings. $1 SO. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. rn. ; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 60c;
Q. $1; hours 10 to 9; names.. 714 Franklin st.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
..names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis St., near Market 1
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Female— Con
GOOD, reliable young lady seeks position as
bookkeeper: office preferred; can do any
kind of office work; references furnished
Box 3077. Call office.
A YOUNG girl 3 months from Denmark
wishes to do light housework and care for
children. Address 32 Shotwell st. ; please
call Monday from 10 to 4.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; man
experienced coachman, do gardening if re-
quired: wife a good cook or second work.
Box 32:54. Call of flea.
AN experienced German girl, best references,
I desires position as nurse to care for chil-
dren; country preferred: city or Oakland.
Box 144.";. Call office. Oakland.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes general
housework In small family. Address 2Vi
Merrltt St.. cor. Hattie.
WOMAN T-ants work by the day washing or
heusecleanlng. $1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes St.
WANTED — Neat young German girl desires
position In a private family to do light house-
work. Box 8306. Call office.
WANTED — Stenographer wants position; refer-
ences; state salary. "ALPHA," Call office,
Oakland.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work in nice
American family; is a good cook. Box 32S6,
Call office. ,
AT Mrs. Lambert's, 418 Powell St.; tel. Main,
C332; help of all nationalities awaiting po-
sitions.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, with own ma-
chine, desires position; salary $40. Box 2640,
Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wants a situation tn
private family: best of references. Address
MISS CARLSON, 436 Elizabeth st.
AN experienced typewriter and stenographer
desires position; general office work, collect-
Ing, etc.; $10 a we*ek. Box 26S8, Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires position as house-
keeper, rooming or boarding house. Box
2683. Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires work to
do at home; mimeograph specialty. Box 1134.
Call office.
TWO reliable women want positions together;
cook and second girl; references; wages cook,
$30 to $35; secend work, $25. Box 3021. Call.
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist, best of references to character,
wants a situation. Box 2949. Call office.
COMPETENT woman would like few families
by day. to wash, cleaning or chamber work.
• 488 Geary St.; ehone Brown 32.
YOUNG lady with best city references wishes
position as chambermaid In hotel. Box 3320,
Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position In a dentist's or
doctor's office. Apply 2207 Telegraph ave.,
Berkeley.
YOUNG lady wishes position In glove house;
some experience. Address box 2735. Call.
DRESSMAKER, expert, wants engagement;
best references. Box 3092. Call office.
WANTED — Laundry work or housedeaning by
the day. 345 Eighth st.
WANTED — Position as waitress In country ho-
tel. Box 3151. Call office.
¦ 1
A RESPECTABLE girl wishes a position In
bakery and candy «tore. Box 3134. Call.
A YOUNG American girl would like a place
to do housework; $15 to $20. Box 3204. Call.
WOMAN wishes position requiring executive
ability. P. O. box S7, Berkeley.
A TOCN'O lady wishes a position for light
housework. Call at 1G8 Minna st.
WANTED— WORK by the day. house cleaning
or washing. Address 115 Hayes st.
A RELIABLE young married woman wants
to work by the day. Apply 7 Lilac ave.
TWO Finland girls want place for housework
and plain cooking. 329U Third st.
BY first-class waitress. Inquire 323 First
street.
A TRAINED nurse will give massage at your
home by the month. Box 2637. Call office.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day.
washing and Ironing. 830 Folsom st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Thn
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
CARETAKER, young man, handy with tools,
wishes to care for houses, hotel or institu-
tion, where painting, paper-hanging, plumb-
ing, locksmlthing, etc.. needs to be done;
country preferred. Box 3254, Call office.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work
of any kind; can drive and care for horses.
Box 3364. Call office.
HONEST, willing young- man wishes porter
and bartender position; best of references.
Box 324S, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation In th«
country. Box 3241, Call office.
YOUNG man, with best of references, wants
employment In office, store or outside; speaks
Gernian and English; perfect typewriter;
willing to do any kind of work; moderate
salary. Box 3192, Call office.
A SOBER, Industrious young married man
wishes position as cleric in store; has had
four years' experience in general merchan-
dise; can furnish good reference. 2695 How-
ard st.
MECHANICAL engineer. Inventive ability,
wants position with manufacturing com-
pany; prepared to make light metal special-
ties. Box 3019, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER desires position with responsi-
ble firm; will open, close and systematize
books; contracts taken by the week or
month; reasonable. Box 3344, Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes
a situation as clerk In grocery etore and
barroom; good references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny st.
AAA — Sober all around handy man desire* a
steady position; understands gardening, mllk-
Injr, hamly with tools, good horseman and
driver; best of references. Box 2923, Call.
ADVERTISING specialist, touring manager
and press aeent. varied colonial experience,
just arrived, desires appointment. Address
box 2876. Call pfflce.
A YOUNG man desires situation In private
family or store; is good salesman; speaks
French- will do most anything; wishes to
study evenings. Box 2665, Call office.
GARDENER: practical, thoroughly experienced
In all branches of gardening. capable of
taking charge of large grounds, desires po-
sition. Box 2666, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man In laundry
(hotel) of country plant: 3Vi years' experi-
ence with electric machinery; also 1 year
flrliig: references. Box 2671, Call office.
WANTED — Light employment by a trusty
man without any bad habits; under-
stands care of horses; can milk; country
preferred. Box 3042, Call office.
PLUMBER, licensed and Independent, wants
work from property owner by the day or
week: has all necessary shop tools. Box 2S04.
Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese boy. gentle and honest,
wants position, as waiter on table or bellboy
In hotfl; speaks English freely. G. Y. ITOU,
712 Sutter St., city.
BOOKKEEPER — Young man wants position
either as head or assistant: best references;
8 years' experience; lumber business pre-
ferred. Room 82. Hotel Kamona.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife would like
work on ranch; wife good cook; man general
ranch hand: understands to take charge of
ranch: best of references. Box 2604, Call.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to keep, opening and
. closing books, expertlng accounts, etc- Box
2263. Call office.
STRONG young man. 20 years of age, wishes
position of any kind In wholesale house;
best of references. Box GOSO, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, well acquainted in wholesale
and retail liquor and wine business, wishes
to get position. Address box 3095. Call.
EXPERIENCED, successful specialty salesman
wants sole sales' right for high-grade ar-
ticle or line for city and surrounding coun-
try. Box 3072. Call office.
GROCER. German. 16 years' experience, wants
good steady position: wholesale or retail.
CRAMER. 415 Fifth at. ¦
JAPANESE nice boy wants a position a*
schoolboy; understands cooking: wages $2 up
a week. . Box 3367. Call office.
A YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a position as
waiter on table: wages $30 a month. 1617
Geary st. : ttl.- West 97.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. OCTOBER 17 ? 1904.
9
»SAL ESTATE— CTTT-.TOX aLUJ.
VT. J. GUNN.
830 CALIFORNIA ST.
'Savings Cnion Building 1 .)
A few of tha bargains we offer:
$I7CO— UaioB-st. lot. 2T:6xltd; suasy s*s>:
just abeut what tt is adwnaed for.
, $1600— Lake-st. -. sunny side; 3T:ta72»
$A5CO — Lakc-st. NW. corner; front* on park:
fnr a rssidene* It ia the choicest lot la
Richmond; 70:tlx72.
$4230— NE. c-r. Clement st. and 12th av» :
the sunay comer: l2r>x.*iO; grand eerner
for store and fiats; splendid lot to Im-
prove; we bava peremptory enter to sell:
•uhmlt offer; choicest busiaesa) center ia
Richmond.
$1CCO— NE. cor. Clement st. and tOth •*«.:
the suany corner; 33:<alOA; will be i
trassfsr cornar far Californta-st. Jjraach;
groeers, csamlns thi3 eomer; malu ¦*'-
fer: a barsaln fa.i be obtalaed: ehoie*
business lot: it will pay 3 per cent a>
month en tbe investment.
W. J. OUMN, &3O California, ac
OJTLT A FiTW Left!
$1 25 PER WTTEIC.
NO LVTBREiT.
Ch«iee«t lets In the Excelsior Hosxaatead
Tract: level as a billiard table; oa suv^t
grade; cloaat ts flae school; not (ar frost tha
Mlssisn-st. alectrta cars; secure en« *» as
lavestaiant aad by the time it is c*14 *»r «c
win £ave doubled la vaiue the wajr prices,
; hav advanc-ed dqrtsa; the past year; bay
bow before prices beccm* p-oht3itiv» la taia
rapidly grooving section.
W. J. WHTTB.
M Montgomery st.. r. Su Phone Mils STtM.
FINE buy: tha NE. cor. Clement aad lOt.t
ave.: 32:<?xlQ0: spl*ndid husinesa eor. and
for f!ats above; a druggist tang establish*!.
doing bin business, would Itko to lat«r«le<ar
the B'JTTftsser cf this lot. with a view «*
l'tsing for S or l*> ytars the star* when
built: ¦>.->. price asked Is $4960. but tha in-
a*ruetief<4 are t« s>ibmit aa> oflar. at a*r-
gain eaa be had: tt will be a, transf*s «or.
for branch of Ca!ifemia-st. r»4 dawn llth
ave. ta the Chutes and par!*.
W. J. aUNN. 5C0 CaMJara!* st.
GET In now at bottera prices. CerMn station.
West Berkeley, to be ir.il- the t»rrr.;cus West
Berkalvy leca). Now ts T«ur ehaaee; eheapi
lots; trains every hal? hour: 93 per raeatlt
ennmutatloa tickets. ?c each way: only Si>
minutes from San Francisco; only %i p«r
month upca each lit. B.vs a lot In the Home.
Paris Tract and double fkvxr raonsy; atattoa
on the ground, surrounded by residences aad
faetarias. J. W. LAY1LOJCE. «33 Uarkst.
r. l'>. er agent oa ground. 19 US p. m.
FOR sale — Haadsome naw house. Just eouv-
pleted. at 121 Fairmauat st "luerrtro ear):
N nice rooms and bath: oak mantel, gat: hljr
han4sotse sideboard!; tinted walls: poreela:p
bath: wasTi trmys: cement »ili; lot 25?12ft:
$aCO cash: balance like rest.
93000 — fi-room houae. 2773 Twenty-tklrd st. :
this is a forced sale aad will not refuse a>
[ fair offer; ceuld a* made lato flats v*r!» *
: very Uttla expense; wt 1 .; loaa $3CCi> on this.
D. COFFIN. -2Z2& Minion St.. near Hat.
FOR sa;+ — 3 colonial houses, fl rocms. hath
and basement: beautifully finished, uo %o
data and snaay: EL ails of Tenth ave.. a-ar
I ft., Sunset. Hs'l-stt 4c Gee. oa premtses.
$1<> PH3t acre — iO or 30 acre lots: %i do-wn;
cheap freight ta city. C»AMAN. 215 Kearny.
" PAGE- ST. RESrDEXCE.
1328 Page «t., nortJi Irne. naar Ceatral ave.;
2- story dwelling of 3 rooms aad bath; lot
25ill4.
NEW cal«ntal hot^es, eontalniag 2 flats of S
roams, reception ha!!; rents $44; $33i«); assy
payments. B St.. bet. 3d aa4 4ta av«».
A S200O HOME built to suit jou. tot tSMiluded.
any location, en $1 25 per week. Mutual
Horn* BulMiag Association. 427 Creaalay 6:1.
LOVELY home; 8 rcoms and bath: SOth s»..
near Guerrero; cheap. Address Boa 2203. Call.
$350— LOTS In the Mission district rn a »a»t-
graw. section: very cheap. Box 3217. Call.
ALL work guaranteed ftrrt class by ARL-
BACH A MATgR. prambers. J39 Haward at.
_JrTTLTt VAJJ.gr MAI l^r»"f^L
$2730— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath: lot 7\il*>;
beautiful view of Kan Fraaciaco aad bay:
Sunny Heights. S minutes to depot.
Fer rent, — Suite of rooms Id the n«w Leal
building suitable for dantlst. lawyer, dress-
making: now ready for occqpascy.
S. H. KOKgRTS. Real Eatata. M1H Valley-. Cat.
ALAMEDA AD\ T EET'S ? M'T3
AU.MTJDA SEAL ESTATE. _
JT."ST completed, modern cottage of 8 rooms:
lot SOxlOS; choice location; open for Inspec-
tion fsr 3 days; 133O Unlan it., Alamada;
terms.
BEBKELEY ADTERT^^TS
— *330O—
A CHOICE hfjrae on Dejawars at.. Berkeler: *
rooms and bath: lot 4Cxl35; new aai ctodfrn:
su:i3y exposure: fin* view; easy terras of
payment if desired; no troubl* ta show prop-
erty.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. Has ),
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth »c»
Oakland.
FBITITVALE ADVEET ? STS
PTtTJTTVAJ.E KIAL S3TACT.
M. C. GIB3O>*.
jlj).i,v— $l-» per month. $230 dowa; larze 4-
room cottage, elcee to statlun; th!s Is new *-i 1
strictly ua-to-date.
\Ve hare 3 or 4 lots left yet that wet will
build to suit, ana the payment wilt be only
S10» ttown.
Office open Sunday all day.
H2t> Fruttvals av*.. near Fourteenth at.
OAKLAND APTERTS'M*IN
OFFICE. »O1« BROADWAY.
0A3ELAJTD BEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS ON EASY TERM3.
$371— 23X1CU: San Pablo aye.; street wor*
done.
H5d Uhtl33; Ashby ave.. near Key reu:«
statico.
1150— 2ixl0O; Golden Gate.
l(0u— 23x1^7; Chestnut and Fifth sts.
j^3«> £3x8O; Seventh St.. near Linden.
1 125tt«-5- ream cottas*. near Key reutt.
M. L. WURT3. opp. Postoffice.
$:2!O BTTY3 a 5-roorn cottage and lot. ZQxK9.
on» Telegraph av».. wltbtn 1 block of K*v
route station. Fortieth st. and Teiegrajh
ave. This price includes »^w*r» and mao-
aitaantzed street: lot alone worth the sooner:
•(ler *«j«->»l 'or few days only. HICK ARD J.
MONTGOMERY. Key route station, Furttet. 4 *
at and Telegraph av».. Central OajkUnJ.
FOR sala — 10 acres of land la the suburbs o?
Oakland: wall located to subdivide «n<t sell
lots; electric ears to the property; weuM as-
change for Improved property la Saa Frsa-
<rUco or Oakland. C BISHOP. 4tfd Tent*
St.. Oaiiand.
$3734 — NEW Boase: S roens and larf* ba«»-
Iment; Falnnoont ave.. near Linda Vista;
very dVairable; easy terms; E. P. FLINT,
•wncr. 372 Broadway.
FOR sal* — Two new un-ta-date tari*i!ow V-
room bouses: larxe lot with barn: vary
cheap. Inquire on preav.aea. «SS Tkirtiet.t
at., ca ICii Braadway. Oakland.
'$!65O- COTTAGE ef 5 rcoms and bath. kix!i
basement, for fa!e br owner. TO-I WtS »t..
| bet. Grave aad San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
OAXXABO rUMTI« it Hit HOUSES.
FOR sal* — New furniture in a flae earner 0aC
fjxlly equipped for housekeeping: onry In nsts
short time: flat rents ch-ap; sun all <tar
long- has four bay windows; prr»at« en-
trance: bath, gas range. ta» grats. eoal
* -rate- come now; snap: must sell within 4
Says.' Address 13S3 Eroadway. OaUaad.
Cal.
QAXX*ftjrp mooaci
VEWLT famished rooms, hath Inclndetl; cea-
, * tral locatiqn: gentlemen prefarreil. 213
J Twelfth St.. Oakland.
OAJCXAEU STOEX3 TO LET.
TO Ut— ?25; store, earner Twenry-alzta st. and!
San Pablo ave.; fixtures. Hvisg-room. Ur<->
workshop and stabta. Isqulru oppoatte. lftrj
• San Pablo ave.
' o^ T^^^^-H.'^^r5V?'?-^???Lj^*^P*
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ta faraTI
ture. H. Schelhaaa. 11th. st-.cor.star«.OsJtUa4
Continued on Pa~e 10,
MlSCEIiLANEOT/S — POB SAZiS.
2D-HAND naachlnery. engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc «tc, bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 13O-132 Beale at.
BOILE RS. engines. 2d-hand rn*ehinary. MoIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-1&7 Framoat at,
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite, tn rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; goed over old
iron, tin or ehlnglts-. best for new roof*.
KLATERITE ROOFING CO.. 718 Market at.
AH elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale oa small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered cr. (fret payment,
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
A— BUYS, tells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 233-255 Spear St.
A— THE <P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 gteckton st.
CHOICE of Boston musical* or eourtols sltdt
trombone, almost new, at leas than half
prica. T69 Market st., second floor.
OSTRICH plumes at manufacturers' prices:
this week only. Fl»ur de LU Millinery, 531
McAllister st.
Gasoline <»ns1nes; 4-h.p. marine, complete: 6-h.
p.. 4 cylinder auto engine: 16-h-p. Zenith
stationary: 2O-h.p. Otto distillate. &26 Hijw'd
FOR sale — New MrDowetl system, cemnlete;
lessons in using fret $10. 1454 California
St.. near Larkin.
FOR sale, cheap — 1 4-hp. gas engine in per-
fect order; can be sesn it work daily at 31TS
Seventeenth 5t., near Howard.
REPUTABLE place to rant gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prtnc« Albert suits. J. C7OOPER,
21 Stockton st. tformerly at Palace" Hotel).
TRY cur men's shoes at Jl aad ?l 50 pair: ¦
foct-form sho*-s at tZ 30; we pay express :
charges. 11 3d st., Exam. b(d. : catalog fr?e. j
1 DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly sr j
monthly payments. DEREMKRS, 137 Mont- |
gomery st., reom 12. upstairs.
\ REGISTERED, p«<i:sre*d cellia biteh and pups
for sale cheap. 374 ava., nr. Harrison
WHEELER &. WIL3O-N' jewing machine, near-
ly b«t., cheap. 1371 Fifteenth st.
FOR sale — Two *4 iron beds, mattr-esses; also
oil heater; cheap. £4? Hyde 8t.
5x7 LONG focus I'remo. triped, plate holders,
carrying case. 2V2ti Plllmora st.
CROCHET bedspr-a-J. Flat 1, 153 Te'hama
street.
BARGAINS in 2d-"pand cash registers, includ-
ing Nationals, guaranteed ; termV 14 Turk st.
SAFES and desks, prices Fight, at Richardson
Eros., 123-12* New Mnntsomery. nr. Mission.
Wallpaper, 3*4e; paint, $1 gal.; painting, whit-
enjng. Mertgan. 1302 Webster; tel.Stelner 3«71
2D-HAND bid*, material: lumber, door. sasa.
plumb. maUrtal. The Dolan Co.. l<50T Mrkt.
FCLL line of drummers' samples la grips and
trunks; for tale r.*ieap at 25 Stockton at.
AN elegant sealskin fsr sale fer $75. SE-
CURITY LOAN A TRUST CO.. 21 Stoekton.
ELEGANT diamend rinx. {50: terms $5 per
month. P. V. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL MACHINE CO., 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst: 7 targe stones; a
bargain- S3£0. 10 Sixth «.
BOOMS capered. $-4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; te! Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T D.
McCarthy Co.. SOT Mission St.; tel. South 811.
FOR sale — Pirst-cUss new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 102m Market at.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard A Breck. VM Post St.
SAFEt?— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 3&7 Battery St.
GAgOLINpi engines, automobiles and taunahes;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AA — BUY any amount g^od 2d-hand ladles' &
men's clothes. 322 Falsom: tel. Folsom 3S22.
I DIAMONDS aad precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER tt CO.. room 40ft. Ad-
ams hldg.. 20ti Kearny st-; phone Black 3030.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gen U' castafl clttta-
ing..etc. Tel. Davis S2S: <U0 Sacraments st.
WANTED — White curly-haired Spitz Jog: thor-
oughcred- W., SflOl Ceutral ave., Alameda.
WANTEI) — To leaae morning paper route. Box
S$M. '-"•H office.
HIGHEST prices paid; gtnts' castoff clothtng
and ahoes T»l. Red 1344. «13 Washington st.
TILTON want, good s«casd-hand clothing anc 1
theatrical coodg. 1S4 3th »t. : t«l. J»i«i«l> 2H31.
j WQT&JLJ TO £OAH._ _
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc>—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN ,..
INTEREST &H and tf per cent......
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Eecond mortgages, life insurance pollutes,
estates in probate, undivided interest* tn
property, prubate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies, and undivided interest* ia
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT
Suit- 1U7-403 Crocker bldg.: phone Mala 392*.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, *
8Ql-<Wr-<«G3 Examiaer bulidlag.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expensed by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in. 'trust,
etc.: legacies, lite estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
E«e HERMAN MURPHY,
~~ WILL. LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattels, ta city, tows
or country.
Low rat« af interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattel*.
Location, etc.
Box 490. eall office.
SALARY LOANS— " "
Money leaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, kno-srledge of.eraploytr or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bidgj
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also, on real estate;
lit or 2d rnortgasres or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 38 Geary, room 3d."
HIGHLY respectable prlvata place to obtain
Ubera; advances on diarnpnds, Jewejry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Stare.
M« Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In it
principal cities. Tolman. S33 Parrott bldg.
TOUNG Si CO., roam 337 Parrott bldg,. loaa
rccney on furniture, pianos, etc., at about
half the rate charged by other people: mort-
gageg at h|gb rates and leases paid off.
ON salaries. Insurance policies; chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UXITBD
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St..
near Market. ;;;•/)•» .-'¦
Loans oa furniture, pianos and other securities,
|23 up. without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. 6Q Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market St.
-^ , LOAN8 FROM $1 TO 110,000.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee'; no
eom. ; cut rate. Cat. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott old.
1 PER eeat on furniture or pianos: no removal:
no commission; co publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 29 Montgomery st./ rm. 41.
TO wjarted people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Fbelan hldg. j
MONEY to loan at lew Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W, J, HESTHAL'S. lft Sixth si."
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st.,
loam money on diamonds, valuables, eto., at
2 per cent per month.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank hldg. |
MOJ^KY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry.
eonfd. Dlarnond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 3U. Mutual Say, Bk. hldf.
ALL loans en diamond? and jewelry at 2 per ceni
no. a. F. Collateral Loan Bank. B38 Kearny.
8 % ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal;
a* com. V. TREMA1N. room SI. Q Ei%&y st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
tndorscr. MORHELL. 609 Examiner building.
*~-" STEFTLLT furnlahee rew upper Cat, near I
i'ark; suBcy: exceptional: T rooms; Novem- j
lie* I to June; $S0; pa chiidrea; references. ;
Answer to box 8203. Call office. j
TIoDiZRI*. *w:sy. furr.lsfced cottage; garden;
ada".u: refereacee; $23. 600* CalltorcU sU.
:-.. ar Twelfth ave.
, riJAJCI*.!..
ririST StORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
FteuMd by the best cf tncoae basiaeaa prop-
• rtv oafa* Iceg guaranteed lease; quarterly
Ttertst.
treed for ProcpeetBS.
i.LAI.TT PONDS AX3 FTNAKCB CO OXC)
M72 Erca.d«ay, Cor. l«t« St.
/ C*»:«ad.
THE REAI.TT SYNDICATE.
• «jftaj paid ta $4.,ar».<¥» f»
Si'rrlas Mf»M •«
Issues
Six per cent
Inwestse-Et Certtflcatea
At par.
Of«?e — No. 14 Ea=seme street.
§*n Franeisco, Cal.
'"COMPANIES fareM; Biding or patents: stock
ee'.d; strsrg Eastern ccrae^tlons ; adv'ee free.
¦?"rta A. F. HARAS7.TWY. S23 Crcssier bllg
rwaJlTuaB FOB SALE.
*'•> WORTH cf fureitur* fsr $7 50 down. $1 60
V+r week. T. BrilUaat's Fur. Co.. 440 Peat st-
HENRY MAYETi pays highest prices for fur-
ntrure. carpets, etc. 732 Mission ; tei. Bush a 13
FUXariTUXE WA3TTED.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroesi. 112£ Market at. Tel. Jessie 761.
Dec t eel! your fura:tvire, carp-eta, cfice far-
r.itMre, etc. u=t!l you get hie estimsue.
¦WILL p»y 2Q per c*nt mare for furniture thaa
-esters cr »...' se'.l oa eetnmtssi<ra. L H.
BURP, auc 1653 Market: pggn> Jessie 233*.
W AJTTBP — FlIMAIiE.
A LAUNDRESb uni c!-.aaiber=*i4 ia saiaJl
'!=¦.;> la eity, «J0.
A -e--ri girl for Eaa Ra;i#i. $30.
A Reat waitress ar.d parlor maid fer stnail
Buslty ia Saa Mateo. $34.
A cock fcr a small farstly in eity. $40.
A aur*e <or two small ea:ldrea. $25
A raafc far sn-.all bfarding-hjuse iB city, $33
A Frea<^i lady's gnU. 130.
A waitress fcr restauruit. $S week.
2 «tracg ysurif i^ecnd glris. $2S eaten. '
houaawork g:ris tar city ar.d country, i
J-'- ajsd $£9.
MISS PLCXKETT.
425 fiutter St.. near Powell.
AA-EVPLC'TERS' REGISTER CO..
«*-«3 CHBONICLE BLDU. JAJAES 2S21.
L«<!y maniger. dr*ssrr.aic;ng iert-. $10ti mo.
Al shirt fitter, quality ster*, $7» month.
&teB«grapher, a!sa figure Invoices. $7i ma.
6a!es:aCy far KiiUJcerj', $<>0 mocth.
Cxpertanced ears*, country, $15t> month.
Attendants fer institution. $40 anJ fouad.
Y*tj«*- ta4y housekeeper. (20 aad found.
' ¦- -- -t fcr silk shirt waist deat., $12 week.
Luiies. work on garments, ex., good salary.
Other positions. Ca.:i ta-day.
a-WANTED — Girls ta leara hairdressing.
maniruriRg. etc.; trade taucht from A to Z
:n 2 weeks; tuition Si to those entering now;
three positions to flil Jramed.ately : positions
guaranteed at t- > per week up: leading
acsioal in West. 253 Geary st.. room 13.
WASTET* — Girls to !«ire miillnery now for
:*.'.', season; both seasons taught from start
to flaish !¦ one month for $1S: positioas as
irlf. tiers. sa,le5l6jli«s. makers, gr:araateea at
%1n per week up: 7 poeltiGns to be filled tm-
rnrrdiately. Puricrs 113 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC C«I!eg* t-arhes halrdressi»g.
¦«'.¦ --.rf ele«trtc massage, etc. : six hours' >
: x - a day; guarantee positions; only j
re"ogr.:sed ociiege cf tts kind en cosjit; day I
and erecirg classes: all parlor work at re-
<:..ce<i prices. 1S3 Powell st.
~ i
EXI'tlRIEN-'ED HHIRT OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NTMBER TO LEARN. oTAND-
ARTJ FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH AND
GROVE STS.
I.ADIES — We w:U teach the barber trade free
ta s:x more ladies ar.d ray teens $10 each j
'nr f.r*t a weeks, call or wrirt. JNO. A.
HOLER'S Barber Collecs (correct cumber),
«44 Cay at.
T. aNTET> — Toung G»rata or Ajnerlcan girl
t» *.ti -i with 2 children; "-ages Jlt>. Apply
15S0 Fttlteai at.
GIRI^ to «o !tg*t housework and eooktn^ in
small family. App'y at 641 Hy«« st. to-day,
between 19 and 2 o'etock.
.
2 OIHLE to assist with children: no house-
worte; sleep horse; $10 each. 131SA Ellis.
P^G ejerators war.te-i. Ill Cay st.
GERMAN gtr! for g-sn-raJ hoasewprk. Apply
5>J Twenty-cir.th st.
NEAT girl for housework xnd assist with
b*fcy: no ooosricg; goad hewje. 17&> Sutter.
(""^MPfTTENT girl, reneral hauKvork: wages !
t>?. After » o'clock. T20 Cole st.
WANTED— A girl in family cf 4; country;
_**gfcs $25 : Apply 2221 Clay at.
a FEW ia«>n i» aaslst makifig new line deco-
rative fancy wcrk; dene at home by the
i^^ce; about 18c hear at firs*. Call 9 to 6.
i* Market at.
FXPEPJET-'CeD sewtng tnarhine operators on
:'vcratU. t>ats and jumpers; steady work.
L5T>'I STRAfES & CO.. 32^ Fremont et.
Apply t» Mr. Davis.
tAT.ESLAljIFIS wanted ft>r irs *roc^s store;
reference* »a.nit»l; BSAo4 wages to right par-
t«e« k :i— «•¦ box 3199, Calf office.
GtOST^gti girl t9 assist !a very light hcise-
»ork; slfej horse; w*re* $6. 1135 Masonic
ave. •rartmer.t Z-
FIFTY .» ,.ts to sell Rowland Instantaneous
tfye eoap; can earn $12 ta $15 per week; call
anr Katie. Hayes st.
A— OPETtATORS on ladies' usderweaT rz.ii
Mission St., third Zocr.
TALEXTED amateur perfcnri»rs. Apply at
Cj.<ius, < p. m. Wednesday : salary c^ cbject.
WANTED — First-class finishers. 1200 Geary
street.
WOMAN ta tra.-et; rc'-renf-esi Agrees bcx
-iC«a. Call effle*.
U!KI_ i>--.^t in r. ..«. »¦ rk and take care ef
ti*bi; <i«rn:fia crtJcrrod. 3*38 Eighteenth.
AT Mrs. Lambert'*, 418 Poweil— Help of ail
nationalities wanted to fill various positions.
VANTKD — A eemprtent girl to take cars of
children. Apply at 1S08 Eush «t-
WANTED— MJ<iu!e-axed l=jy at 2313 Twenty-
eecoBd kt.; tji'andipavlaa.
RELIEF waitress fnr rrstauraat 3 days a
reek; %**.j t^ r . fc-j} clay st.
YOt'r.-O warren c.t goou ed-jcitlon to train for
• u— <<*r la.q -chil^ leamtnjr. Box 27<U. Ca.Il.
AT JNDEPENDENT'iEMP~A^ENrTr^~ V ~^
Photie ;«m*i oZ'H. C12 Merchant »t
:0 .ingle lur.d miners. « £r*g?Vt&£
£*g? 2 y ™* W»J *««t «t office this fere-
.". drill eharpene-s. same wnaiar !
lit laborers for Jc5j near city. "•
!C labcryrs in Hit. I
I Srrt-cUss b-asjy washer. $7S ¦
¦• l»it'«ra, sinji«» rr.en preferred, %2
2 carp«nt?rs, ¦eortzy, $3; S hour*
;.*¦ labcrers, north.
O;«m to-day 9 a. ra. ta 12 m.
EOABDINQ-HCL'SE ccok. f^ij. can «ar|-.-
btt.axr. country. «4S asd round; rests.ura.-t
vrt+r. %3n: butler. f40 aad found; carp~it—
?s day: rms? mas tn leara blacksmith
trade, $1 day and board and increase; dairy
foncaian. ff*> and fuur.d; aisd others J p
_CKQ£ETT X L CO.. CS Sacraments "tt. * *
AT HORD Sc SMITH'S^ " "*
Cootrsxtcrs* agenu. '03 Third st.
2 riveters. &erra. County. 35r an beer
Teair-rter. Bay Score line. 12 25.
Arr.*<!or County, new railroad work, team-
fcters. f2, big Job.
BT.TLER wanted for country. Call before 10L
AiDIiE"R, 317 Stocktcn Bt.
$30©— STEADY, reliable partner i a established
buainosr; pays ?S0 monthly to each; expert -
«aoe osnecc«sary. Arply 2S3 Fourth st,
VUSV3JLJL iMJjTXLTrVOKWSS.
A^FE^^ENUIN^UPRTGllT^BA^G^niir*
Mussard — Small upright, fine order.
Fischer — Fine order, very reasonable.
Sterling — Mahogany case; used 1 year.
Chickering — Mahogany case, perfeet order.
Weber — Mahogany case, 3 pedals, like ne-ar.
from $93 up; easy payments: ali guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 Q'Farrell st.
AT $2 p«r menth up, rest or purcha£«; lowest
terms, lowest prices and greatest variety af
new pianos; all makes in used instrument*.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 238-237 Geary st.; Oak-
land. 1232 Broadway; largest exclusive ptaao
house and only manufacturers here.
! WHEN yeu want to rent a piano, eall up or
call on 3cett?Ccrtaz Piano Co.. 330-62-tH
Hayes It.; tel. Fell 5761.
SIMPLEX piano players, llk« new; former
priee. $230; now 1135. 76d Market St.. sec-
ond floor.
FINE mahogany upright; former priee. $330;
now $13*. 769 Market St., Second floor.
LARGEST siae upright piano in fine condition;
$100. 70S Market St., seeond floor.
ELEGANT $400 piana for $130; private party.
301 Eddy at.
FOR sale— ?-cord.-hand plane. $30. 993 Howar*
st. cor. Sixth. \
WANTED--- Thr»e good square planes. BTRQN
MAUZY. 3US Post st-
$9<W- UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
_JHQRNiyWG. 21tt McAllister St. j
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to ba
sold; J138. 237 Geary tt.
SOHMER. Bvrcn Mat:zy pianos. Cecellan piano
player BYRON ilAUZY. 30S-313 Pest st.
NEW upright piar.es sold on 13 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAll'.tter at.
3-PCDAL Stelnway up: Chlciertas baby srar.d.
i 5honins«r. little uaed. fCeefTa's. 2Sj O'Farrell.
M orricijg amo sTOMg.TO juer.
FOR rent — New raed-rn st«ro: best loeatien In
city, hat aad gents' furniihtns store; must
be good, F*speR£ible i^ople. Address, statins
references, box 1446. Call offiee.'Oakland.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian-American Bank
bldg.. SE. cor. Montgy. A Sacto: light and
tunny. G. H. UMBgEN A CO.. 20 Mantgy,
NICELY furnished office room; airy, splendid
light; janitor *nd telephone privileges iprt- "
vate excharigei. Apply 204 California it.
FINE store, with baserrant: lease 121 «
Stockton Jt.. near Broadway.
FOR rent— Section of larga left; light and airy
L. MINK. l(g« N'ew Mnnte^merv «.. 7th ftn»r
"REXRADIO."
European phonomenal •"hunianiied Radium"
heal«r succ'ssfully treats about 0*> per cent
of all a!l*g*l "incurable' diseases. Rsnafits !
quick, ofttn ''instant. " First 'r»ttmem
helps, or "fre»."' Hours 2 t-j 7. IT^M Mar-
ket and 1 Fourth st.
"SUNDAYS" talso datly>. 2 and 8 p. m.,
"free" public l-»etirre and the ••sick healed"
in full view of audience*. At these unique
meetings the "tatally" deaf have instantly
heard "whispers" the length of the hall. :tf>
feet; "deaf mute" heard and spoke; tl.e
lame, paralytic, etc., ran and "leaped." ear-
ryin~ iheir "useless" eanes or crutches on
their shoulders, and numerous diseas*s hava
been promptly, wonderfully subdued, causing
Intense interest and sensation in the audi-
ences. Each treatment occupied but 3 to 10
seconds. "Com*"." see for yoursflf If all
this Is exaggeration or a grand reality.
Brin* any number of yaur "worst" sick !
cases and watch results. All are speedily,
wonderfully improved, but the easiest, quick-
est results of all are "total deafness." "deaf
mutes," "paralytics," etc., which $re ah»*r [
lutely "Incurable" by medicine, yet their
Improvement by "humanijed radium" is &
mera "trifle. " RADIUM HALL, 733V» Market
and 1 Fourth st.
"REvJCRADIO" never prescribes medicine, and
tha enly guarantee he will give is that if
first treatment falls to help you it is abso-
lutely "frea." Can anything be fairer?
"REXRADIfVS" very first treatment oft»n
benefits, but the increase and permanence of
the benefit, if possible, depends on a few
further dally treatments regularly taken.
"REXRADIO" indorsed by "city physician"
at public meeting. He said. "I saw him
greatly benefit several ehronie cases In m/
offices. I strongly recommend him." (Name
at offices.)
" 'REXRADIO' In only 3 secondj made my 30
years' 'totally' deaf ear clearly hear distant
'whispered' sentences in view of audience.
Interview me."— Mr. B.. «32 Market, office 11
" 'REXRADIO' quickly cured my largs atqm-
aoh 'eancar.' It soon dried up and was ab-
S sorb«d. Can't now see or feel slightest sign
of i». Am the most grateful man In city. 1 "—
H C. Knott. 112 Fell.
" 'REXRADIO' in few seconds 'publicly*
quickened my long 'paralyzed' limb: instant-
ly I walked, ran and "leaped 1 easily from
the floor. i?ee me."— K. Hall. 17 4th. r. 1
" 'REXBADIO'S' brief treatment subdued my
'heart' affection, palpitated violently, tr-
regularly. missing beats; new regular, nat-
ural, no missing beats."— J. Little. 2ol Hydo.
"REXRADIO." before many. Including Mr.
Butler, representative of "S. F. Chronicle."
by OHe. brief treatment caused "deaf mutt"
to clearly hear and intelligibly speak sen-
tences and numerous words. Over 2U at audi-
ence each spoke to patient, who promptly
heard and repeated their werds. {Bring
some "deaf mutes" Sunday healing meeting*)
"JJEXRADfO" rnada a second "deaf mute' 1
bezln- ta hear and speak (precisely as in
_above case) in a local "physician's" office.
"REXRADIO'S" first short treatment marvel -
ously benefited the disabled limb of Mrs.
Bruce Lee (Lick House), well known ta alt
"Frserrjasens.' 1 as th« honored widow of
Cal. "Grand Commander, ef Knights Temi
plar." The limb was in a dangerous state,
greatly inflamed, immensely swollen. First
treatment reduced inflammation and swell-
ins, and after the third the Inflammation
was entirely gone and the limb of natural
aixe. REXRADIO presents this pieasln? In-
cident to the fraternal notice of his brother
•"Masons."
" •REXRADIO'S' single treatmsnt subdued
my 'locomotar ataxia,' 7 years 'bedfast ;
couldn't move limns, stand, 'lifted' from and
into bed- Right away I moved legs freely.
ro*« from bed and '»to««l' unaided. No re-
lapse in weeks, still improving, (fee me." —
Stuart. «*f)2H Carp <rear).
"OSSIFIED" lady. Joints firmly grown to-
gether, "immovable." Ona treatment In-
stantly Joints freed, moved naturally. Years
"bedfast." helpless, lifted from, lato bed.
- No»f rose unaided, seated herself in ehalr.
Can now cook. etc.. still Improving. Wtshea
to see you. — Mrs. Knowles, 379 Bartiett.
" 'REXRADIO" went with me sse sadly af-,
flieted 'bedfaaf man. full of pain, helpless,
couldn't rise from bed or move limbs several
years. I saw the (one) treatment and pa-
tient astonished me by rising (unassisted*
from bed and walking; limbs had largely re-
gained normal power; sev«re pains suddenly
eeased. Chan-; was so great and qutek it
seemed a, dream." — I. Porter, 346O SOtb st.
" 'REX RADIO'S' one treatment Instantly
caused me to raise nearly powerless arm,
limb, ran, 'leaped' l|«e boy (ago 74). See me
at offices."
" 'REXRADIO' quickly restored my 'falling
sight.' Couldn't read large print, recognise
faees. Two treatments, read small print, ree-
ogniztd faees at 5O feet. See me at offices.**
" 'REXRADIO* speedily eured our dangerous
lung affection, removed severe general rh«u>
•natlsm. opened many years dosed nostril,
straightened crocked rheumatic arm. 4ts-
poreed larga tumars, eured neuralgia, etc
Get our 6 pames at offices."
" 'REXRAUIO' instantly caused my 17 yeart
"totally 1 deaf ear to hear 'whisper' at 70
feet Get name at offices."
" 'HEJCRADIp" shows piles of testimonial* of
various diseases wonderfully helped. Names
of witnesses attached. Including hundreds of
| best citizens, lawyers, financiers, property
1 brokers, physicians, mine owners, capitalists,
etc Would they lend their reputable names
to "untrothaT' i Came, see this grand work
and form yaur "own" opinion. Rexradla
courts the "lishL"
"REXR-ADICS" ads appear (daily) la all tha
i great newspapers. Read them.
"REXRADIO" cordially Invites you to bring
your sick to h|a (to-day's) public free healing
meetings. 2 and » p. m. Two entrances to
"Radium Hall," 783% Market and 1 4th st.
HOFFHEIMER, formerly Cincinnati.-" lats
Colonies, desires address Friend*. Address
box 2i>77. Cull office,
i FANCY- and silk dresses carefully washed.
- JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, eaUb.
i*lN>. -3122 Kill more st.; phoae Qcary 205J.
BEST on earth — Barradas liver, iu-iasj. agu*,
rheumatism, and stomach troubles cured; il.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Qraag ava.
A GUARAXTEE Tq GROW HAIR
On. tha worst bald' bead. Call er write.
PH. O. a. MOORE. 333 0'gamll n.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, avercoau
and troussrs. at CHARLES LYONS'. Loadaa
Taller, 721 Market st. - '
PEMO»Axa—-cwaan*a.
X^MME." GILLJNGHAMT
DERMATOLOGIST.
Has removed her parlcrs to 143 Stockton st..
Unietv-sqcare b!dff.. over R*gal ahoa store, opp.
City ef Parts, room lfl, wkiere sae will eontlcsa |
to treat her patrons for all facial blemishes. ;
THE Star Hair Retne«ry restores gray balr. im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandru"
scd ttching scalp: no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; atdrugrtits'. hairdressers* ; ae-
ctpt na substitute. Star Remedy ca.. 133* Pofk.
DR. ROWELL'S Ftra «f Ufa. a sura eor» far
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia. pc-suraTil*.
sore threat, etc Sold by, all dragslsts tt*r
«v»r 2O years: prlca 50c Manufactured ,-toUiy
by ROWELL & BROWN. 40 Turk St.. S. F.
TOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $T 3*
4ewn and $1 80 i»r week. T. BRILLIANT
FL'RNITC P.S CO.. Un Post St.. BS*r Paw all.
MRS. HOLSHOL'SER. 32O Starr King »!ia . 131
G«ary — Bust devel.. electrolysis, rnmag*.
EUITS to order on Installments of SI per w««k.
NEUHAUS CO.. the Utlors. 723 Market st.
ELEGANT salts to order, extra pants er fancy
vests, for $14 73. Fred Wagner, 930 Marker
EASY installments far Men and Youths. Suit*
ta Ord«r. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mitt. I
.... i
$1 a. week: suits to order J13 up. LEM09. I!-.' I
Market st. bet- Seventh *n& Bight*. ;
BARGAINS In fine gtasicnds; easy ptjaer.i I
P. V. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st. \
ONrTUallar weekly keep* you la fla« clctBtag.
Art Tailoring. 1»44 Mkt.. under St. Nlcaalaa. |
S'lperflaoaa hair removtd: electric n«edl«. Mra. !
Eaton. >«8 gutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary r 3s.
LADIES ir.d gentlemen, you win ftad best hajr
t:r'c In tbe world at 1819 Sutter «.
TAILOR-MADE fUJt $7 30; <Sresa pants J3 SO.
Misfit Ckithing Parlor, ear. Boss aad Dopant.
MASQUER-AGE costucses. pUr books, wigs:
country, crdaga. GOLDSTEIN at CU. 733 Mkt
ALTREPUM'S Effyptlaa Henna restores gray
tat* to its aaturai color: $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH efflce of Th* Call for tha recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been pp^ned at ICO 1 *- Market. St.. oppcatt*
Fifth. Opn until 11 g. m.
PHYSICIANS AB~D STJBGXONS.
DR. C. C. ODONXELL— Offlc* an4 re«Hsne«. |
1'SlVj Market at., bet. 8th and 7th: partieti-
lar attention paid to diseases of »on«n.
BLOOD, skin and rectal peases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1C7.")*? Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb daetor.
treats a' I diseases of the human body: tor
past four years at 113-tlT Mason st.. now lo-
eated at t"C7 Geary st.. near Leavenworta.
WOXG WOO. tbe famaus harh doctor — All dla-
ea»es cured by Chinas* herbs. 7HS-S Pay at.
_ PATEST3.
INVENTIONS patented. T. P MEDINA. a«-
torney-at-la^v. 6 Kaoart bldg.. 532 Market at.
ypsegAangg AOBg otes.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: corrasjwndaace solicit-;
td '*<:?> Ijtrkin at., room 43; tal. South 3ia.
BEAL ESTATE — COXTJTBT— Pot SaU>.
WHITE A BAYLET.
ijuccesscrs ta
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERTWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. -. LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to it: th«
sfction th-%: has tha meat fertile soil ia the
SAn Joaqutn Vallty; fine reads; watar trans-
portation.
V.~m are subdividing a choic* tract in 10 acre
lota; only 2V« milea from town; surrour.JM by
modern hacies and fine orchards and vineyards:
s#tl Fieh. black, sandy loam 12 feet d*ep:
Echooi en th* tract . $73 per acre. This will net
last o'er ;t0 days: first ecme. first served.
Adjoining land s«ld rer $125.
$12.»)C0— fnuly 2 miles 8abastepol: electric
cars pau place; ti'i acres, of which 15 aro
bearing apples; all level, rich, sandy Iea».
adapted t> hopa. p«tato«a cr earn; 2 gocd
houses, fine barii. sheds, poultry-aousas and
ourbuiliings: eocnplete sat farming tools; horses t
an-1 e*ttle with place.
$2Stt>— Clcs« to P«talurra. 1 mile station: 10
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful cak»; modern cottage. 3 rooms, hath:
good harn, poultry- hquses. cut&oqs«!*; hor^e.
cow. id hens, buggy etij.: will add 12 acres
adtoinlr.g if d^btreJ; *•» tbts a'iiclf.
SlO.CtXl — i.'lo*« to Geys«rville; 5ti acras rtch
Rumian River bonom; great Bop land, or
-adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard, 12 prunes, 2H acT«s fine alfalfa; !arg»
new barn. We offer some af the finest farsxs
in th- world in this auperb section ; Ut us
drive you around.
$250" — Near HopSand: 45 acres rich land: 12
acre-* pears in hearing; famity orchard; good
house and cut building*: well fenced; lavesti-
gate this.
$10w>— Clos* to Petaluma: 21 aeres rteb.
sandy loam in potatoes and asparagus: same
orchard and garden; fair 7-room bouse: out-
buildings; refused $'J0QO for 17 acres adjoining
net so good: half cash.
StsCO — Clcse to dehastopo!; 10 acres flae
land; 4 acre» bearing prunes, berries, garden;
5 acres young apples; half cash.
$500 down — ltt> acres and use ef 40 more: 2
miles of po«tofflee; tn Sonoma County; rolling
Und; S aerea vines: orchard: finely feneed:
building aione cost $2000; house 7 rooms: barn,
wagon-ahed. poultry-houses, yards; 13CO cords
wood; acme stock, furniture: price S.J'O.
$4CO down — 40-aer« dairy and poultry ranch:
2 good dwellings; hara, poultry- houses, ineuba-
ter; 8 c«ws. is Angora goats. 2 hcrse». buggy;
tools; 1Q tons oi bay; enly 1 mile ef town; in-
vestigate quick; $2CC0.
$o2<10— Only 1 mile of Hay wards; 37 acres
fia« Ubu] « acre* bearing orchard; modern
house rt rooms and bath: finest barn In county,
alone co»t $4t)0t>; fin* viaw; this ts the beat buy
In the vlcir.ity.
S65C0 — Close to Calistcga; SO aeres: 45 level,
productive loam sell; wall fenced and cross-
fenced: pltnty fine water: fine prune orchard:
good house, barn and outbuildings. We have,
a large list of de«ira.bla homes in this locality.
Let us drive you around.
S2*:-."Mi— North of Watsoavilla; «3 acras. S acres
full bearing apples, 9 tn grain: fine berry
patra: 4U aeres timber: Sowing stream: 9-room
houae; larga barn aad granary; water piped to
buildings. We have a ehoic* selection of fruit
and grain ranches at rwajunable prices tn this
vicinity. 5e<» a few.
$^300 — 5 mi'es of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bcttem: 25 aares: 3 aerrs
vineyard; new buildings; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
housex; saa thia. and it you want only part of
it wt'! sell unimproved portion at $!•>> per
dt-re; if you want to rais* corn that will. make
trje Kansas article "side step " se« seme of our
homes on the Russian River.
$2»30 — 34 acres, near Watsonvtlle; 2GQ apples;
S acres fine, potatoes; 2 acres timber; balaace
grain: 5-rcoro cottage; hara. outbuildings.
Thirteen acres rtch valley land near Sonoma
C{ty; 8 acres flae grapes. 1$ years old. balance
pears and auorted fruits; this season's cro?
easy $7L)d; ru buildings; forced sale; simjly
make an offer.
$1560— AU level, 10 aeres. 2 miles of Calis-
tega; email orchard; gcod hcus* and barn; 2
wells; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
S5O per acra — 3 miles of Modestl; 20 aerea up;
half caih.
?C0 (>«r acra — Near Lodi, on the Woodbridga
canal.
$ 1 2» # • — 19 acres la vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi; sandy loam; 5-rcom house and barn.
$2300— Near Santa Cms. fO aeres rich ailuTial
soil; 3 acre* orchard, mostly appres; 1» aer««
grain; balance timbered pastura; ft- room house,
barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most Alversi- :
¦ fled printed li*t on the coast.
WHITE * BATLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
23 Montgomery sc., room 3.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
SNAP. •
FOR SALB OR EXCHANGE.
lOO-acre full beartn* fruit ranch. mostly
prunes: all MGMury appliances tor handling
the crop; two mm buUdlnss; will divide and
sell on easy terms or exchange for Oakland.
BesssUy er a. F. property; price fcJU.'Au.
J H. EDaON. 14 and 13 Baeon block. Omk-
land.
DAIRY ranch for sate; cheap: 20 acres ia al-
falfa on irrigation ditch: socd Improvement*;
1'V head ef milk cows. 1U tons of hay. chick-
ens, farm machinery, etc; 1 mile from
creamery: a saap it taken soon. J. O.
BENTZ. Lathron. Cal.
SALE cr exchange for eity. property; sacrifice;
123 aer«>. Napa Co.: SO act** in cultivation:
fruit, vtaea and grain: fully equipped ar.d
paying: beautiful place: gentleman' s home.
SHADBURXE. 405 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION; HOMESEEKER3 f '
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
*4? Market st.
$8CC0 WILL secure a larga tract of land that
\3 worth four times the amount asked; must
ba sold hefcre Kavambax 1; a coaacs ta make
a fortune: pcaittvely no ri^. Box 2703. Call.
FOREST reserve land scrip bought and sold:
write for prices. H- M. HAMILTON. 912
Grand St., Alameda. Cat
i| OF cn.o: rraln raaebes: Sacramento Co.;
from COQ aerea u&. Address bcx 15. Gait.
Cal. _^
A WEEK'S news for 3 cents— The Weekly CalL
IB *as?a. }n wracper, for maHia*. 31 per y«*i: i
HSI.P WAHTEP— MALI- Contlnntd.
AA— EMPLOYERS 1 REGISTER CO..
64-05 CHRONICLE BLDG. JAMES 2621.
Manager carpet department, $125 month.
Harness and saddle makers. ST5 to S125 mo.
Drug clerks for city, J75 month start.
Watch repairer and salesman. |lw rno. up.
5 union metal roofers, $90 month up.
4 metal pc#shers, ex., $75 menth up.
Lapel buttcn maker, ex. ,.$50 month.
leather bagmaker, city. $20 week up.
Caterer, good experience, $150 rr.or.th.
Burnisher, experienced. $&0 month.
Several cabinetmakers, upholsterers, mat-
trezemakers, etc.. city, S3 30 to J4 50 day.
Manager ladies' corset department, $150 mo.
Al candymaker. $2O week.
Good helper, candymaker, $9 week up.
Al poultrjman. city market. $83 to $73 mo.
Al patternmaker, elty, $24 week.
Expert window trimmer. $125 month.
5 hi, us* palnteFS. open shnp. $21 week.
Expert lwaokkeerwr. city, $125 month up.
5 men. experienced, for vineyard, $3 day.
Experienced gardener, $50 and found.
7 stove plate molders, $d day.
Campbell machine hand. ?S3 month.
If yxi wish a, position in San Franelseo,
write as for particulars. ' *
MEN to learn barber tracjs; only eight weeks
required: only instltutlcn teaching the ton-
aorial art. Call or write for free catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College. 649
Sacamer.to st.
WANTED — Men and women ta prepare for
•Javerr.ment positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Paeific Cerresp^nd-
erce Institute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.
BARBERS — 3-ehalr shop In the country for
»ale; all oak furniture and continuous mir-
rors: one et the best tc^ns tn tha £tate; side
line pays rent. Address bo* 2377, Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that TSd Ralktn, R=no Housa proprietor, has
added lOft n<?w rooms to the Denver House,
21T Thirl st.-; 250 rooms: S&s to 50c per night.
ALL men -Barber tra4« taught in barber
shops- wage* paid whl!» learning; the only
practical m*tho.!. »j-J7 Commercial st.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLEERT, r>i7 Jacksen st.
LABOR debt* collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Cf-. S2-S Montgy.. r. 415.
PEN?ION Atty.. E.A.Bullis, r. 40, Phelaa bldg.
P»*t Ccm. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Msr-
lt*t — 7f« rooms; night; reading rooms;
fr«i« "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sii's men's strr.es. slightly damaged, half
price. 56H Mts*icn St., hst. 1st and 2(1 sts.
SOLICITORS WANTED.
WANTED — Active, educated men of business
abilitv t^ sell th<? >i«w International Ency-
Clcp«4:a. DODD, MEAD St CO.. 541 Parrott
building.
MAN* or woman to canvass in Oakland: $6 a
rtar. 1114 WuFhtafftm «t.. room 3. 10 to 12.
HOBSSS AMJBTAOOJIS.^
FOR sai«— For wanr pf use, a beautiful pair
cf matrhM ponies, bays with black points.
Til jncrt*3 h!gb: kln-i and gentle to drive stn-
I gle anJ <!<?uble. Can oe seen at the Olympic
Club stshles. 303 Sutter st.
F1NR rlvtr bottom pasturage ; green feed year
round: near Biack Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Etnvenson. S.F.
FOR sale — Brown mare 6 yearn old, weight
ISflO pounds. 16H hands high. Box 1582,
Call office.
WANTED — To buy a second-hand business
buagy in good running order. Address box
17ti5. Call office.
FOR sala — Rubber tire hack at a bargain if
called for early. Apply 29 Bourbon place.
SMALL city contracting outfit, complete, with
horses. HORD * SMITH'S. 95 Third st.
NEW and aecend-hand buggies, surreys and
wagons. 100 GolJen date ave.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 16£0 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sala of borses. wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 SUta §t.
WAGONETTES, surreye, buggies, wagons, har-
ne&a. work A driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOTTSrES^TOJ&ETr "
A— PRINTED list of Houses to let; send for clr-
eular. G. H. UMB3E.V & CO.. 20 Montgomery
BROADWAY, 1932. near Laguna — 3 room*
batb: marine vttw; rent $42 50.
SOUSES TU LET— FUBJTCSKED.
FOR rent — Modern furnished hcifre: 8 rcoms
and bath; electric lighted; 232s Pacific ave.;
2 car line* Daisa tha door. For further par-
ticulars apoly M. SYLVIA, 17 and 19
Battery at.
NICELY furnished 11-room house; sunny side;
reasonable. 606 Eddy st.
HOT78S3 rUKiTISHEP— POB 3AI.B.
$35O — HOCSE of H rooms; well furnished; rent
$27 50. 11 S3 Oak st.
FOR sale — 10-roora furnished house. 45 Sacra-
mento st. -. rent cheap.
IN7AIID CHAIE3.
SOLD, rented exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 2013 'Mkt. ;tel. Park 775.
LOST AHD FOtJWU.
LOST — Gold bear on bar pin. either on Key
route troin to Piedmont Park or return via
Oakland broad gusge. Return to TJIS Bren-
naa St.. San Francisco; liberal reward.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, in Tlvoli Opera-
house a lady's goll watch. Please return
to MISS MaeXEIL, 36 Glen Park av*., off
Twelfth St., bat. Mission and Howard; reward
LOST — 13th. cardcase with R. R. pass Rtno to
Los Ar.geles, telegrapher card, O<i<l Fellow
due receipt. Keturn |o SCO Van Neas ava.,
Van Eiidy House: reward.
BLt T E enamel watch with baby's photo, trom
Hay»a-st. car S4t. p. m. Reward, 1314 Hayes.
LOST— German Dachshund bitch pup; liberal
reward. 2U^3 Busb st.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Srl:ip.t; y«ur old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory ti be made into n"?"
watch eases. 220 Suttsr »t.
LAUNCHES POB HrBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; fcr pleasure and business; tel. Bush Sa4.
J. Michaell? Launch Co.. I'nlon-st- Wharf ; boat-
Ing k excursions. 5 Steuart st. ; tei. John 2US6.
MATTRESSES AZTD PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehydn
proceMj: excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 14.12-34 Howard st. : phone South 21t>.
MEDICAL.
LADIES dnlrtn* safe. sur« and quick relief
ficrr. irrtgularltles caasult m<*; my methods
are palniess and reliable: no failures; no ex-*
crbltant tWs; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FUEB; 17 years' experience la all fa-
male disorders; call ar writ*. DR. WHITE.
702 Market »t.. rooiBs 7 and 8.
1>L'1Es- lr you ara in trouble, eonfids ia me.
Relief 'or irregularities. Help for the aa-
frrtur.at-. My time Is devoted exclusively to
the»e conditions. I'm th« only GRADUATE
physician here who eaa say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. efflea 308 KEARNT 3T.
MRS. DR. WTETrH. specialist for all female
complalats and Irregularities; instant relltf
guaranteed ; 3U y*ars* experience, H2tJ Post at.
MRS PR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-
male troubles, and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOflSVa Market st. opp. 5th.
DUNN'S pile ointment gives instant relief;
most obstinate cases cured in 2 to 4 weeks;
. by mail, postpaid, 80c; liberal Inducements
to ajrvnts. G«m Supply Co., P. O. box 2104.
ian Francisco.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to Sail
Francikco on ar about October It and will ba
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. O. W. CTDONNELL— AH wdq are sick ar
In trouble consult this specialist an femal*
complaints: positively corrected: tha nafortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice freg. Offl;e. 1QI» Market ai
DR and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 611 A L«aven worth st.. ba.
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround; safe. «ore. nerer falls;
$2. Gle»son-Rccs'.*c Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2003 Folsom st, eoraer
Mth; Udlea relief or no fee; $H.- .
lajLaziS AJTO aaXH/Jgg. • .
I MAKE a. specialty ef si-lllng good : mining
property: A. D. RENFRO. Cross ley bid?.
HZIiF WAITTEn — MULT Coprtrmca.
A— MURRAY & READY. esTand cTciaTet
Phene Main 8*4S-
Leadiag Employment and Labor Agents,
we speak th« German. French. Italian.
bcandinjivUji. Greek, Spanish. Slavonian and
Danivh languages.
1V ?a^°,?* V( U 19<HWeHop*to
60,000 Men 'Work. Increase 60,000.
. CARPENTERS.
? £»rpenter«, Calaveras County; long Job;
13 25 «ay. T * :.-
- carpenters, heqsewerk. $4 day; a earpen-
t*ra, city, $3 day.
WOOD WORKER.
worker, country shop, 93 day.
tVheelWTtght. $3 SO day.
3 bench hands; 12 cabinet-makers.
LOOK!
MECHANICAL.
3 biaelumiths; 10 carpenters.
• plambars. north, fare paid. 8 hours; %i day.
4 iron Bsalders. $3 60 day; 3 plasterers. $4 50
*ay: 2 brushtsakera; matcher and sticker-
hand.
2 pile driver men. country, $3 day.
4 p;umb«rs. bricklayer, painter.
3 paper hangers, city. $3 to $« day.
MURRAY &. READY. 634 and 63C Clay tt.
A— READ THESB
CAREFULLY'.
3 experienced chicken pickers, fL5 week.
3 hostlers, $ti0; 3 stablemen, city and coun-
try, *«3 and fzucd.
App'.e packer. Country. JS2 50 and found.
lft FARM HANDS.
12 pb» teamsters. $30 to J:!3 and found.
6 milkers: S ehcremen: private and ranches.
1C BOYS. BOX FACTORY.
12 laborers. lumber cempany. north, SHO.
Boy for grocery store, city. 57 we«k.
20 laborers, eity and country.
MURRAY &. RgADT. £» ani €38 Clay st.
A— ARE TOU A
COOK. WAITER. DISHWASHER. POR-
TER. BUTCHER OR BAKER*
12 butchers, eity and country ihupg aHd
s!aught«r-house; a!o<-k tut'her. fare $1. $50
and fsqad.
Sausage - rr.akor. s.yath, $40 SB'S found,
fheep ar.'i hog butcher, $70 to $100 miiuh.
? cocks. 5 waiter*. S dishwashers and
kitchen hands.
MURRAY A. READY, «34 and «3« Clay st.
A— GOLD AND SILVER.
COAL AND COPPER
MIXES". MINKS. - MINES.
FIVE
Machine miner*, goid mine. Marieasa. County.
I8&
TEN
Hsb<J miners, reH quarts mine. $«2 50
TWO
TltBbennea. gold mine. $52 50
TEN COAL MINERS.
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
Good mine; good accommodations: $3 to $3 73
F«r day.
See us about tt: it's gsod.
MURRAY & READY. «U an! es<\ Clay st.
TOUNCJ man. HvjKg with his parents, as clerk
fcr this offlc*: cam-J waiter, mine, J25 and
fnur.'i; yiu=g man to drive delivery wagen,
$10 w»*k; tlmtkeeper. constructor's camp,
$40 ard found: steam shovel engineer, emin-
fr>-. $3 -fay and found.
ENGINEER.
For»rnan scraper gang. $ti3 and fmand.
MURRAY 4 READY, 634 and «?(» Clay st.
4 TEAMSTERS, ranch, $40 and found
Rar.rh cock. Napa County, $.5 and frond.
MURRAY * READY. <S34 and KM Clay st.
FOR THE SAME
MINE.
SEE BOSS HERE.
Electrician, mine, see boss here, f9O.
Man to run small sa.wtnlH, mine, $30.
10 hand miners, gee b«ss here. $*2 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and ©8 Clay at.
PERRT'S MERCANTILE BUREAU, ~~
bC<5 Market st.. room 325. fifth floor.
OPENINGS FOR MEN.
Bookkeepers {IS to $25 week
ftencgraphers $13 week
Manager department stop* $25 week
Eiil and entry clerk $15 weak
Man for wholesale House *!." week
Man ?ot warehouse $13 week
Cabinet-maker $2* w-tek
Wttrhmtn $15 week
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
«0« Market St.. room 323. fifth floor.
; MEN- Th« ORIGINAL JNO. A. MOLER has
•¦pen*d ona of his fasious barber colleges at
644 Clay st.: trade taught ia S weeks: tuitioa
aamed while learning; constant practice; ex-
r— rt instruction*; positions guaranteed. Call
or write icerrect number) 844 Clay st.
! 6. V. BARBER COLLEGE. 741 Howard st.., I
wants all young men tu know that tt has the
finest equipped schoci west of St- Louis; re-
duced rates.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade: steady
work: no night or Sunday work; $2S se-
curity required. Apply 212 First st.
BARTER shop. 4 chairs, in flna location: ele-
zantly fitted; must b<s nold: no reasonable
i-StT refussd. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
BOYS wanted. S16 Market St.. JOE RO8EN-
B£EGS.
j BARBER and bootblack wanted at 2120 Shat-
tuek ave.. East Berkeley.
GOOD bootfr'ack. »47 Flllmore St., cerner Mc-
Allister.
WANTED — Butcher. Senoma Market, 1330
_Polk_ai. •¦
WANTED — Ccat operator and vest maker. J.
SMITH, the tailor. 773 Market st.
WANTED — Plumber. Call at 470 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED waiter wanted. 601 Twentieth
etre«t.
WANTED — Painter; good stag* man. 4QO Van
Ness av*.
WAXTED— 3 ar 4 laborers. Fourteenth ave.
and N st. South; Kentacky-st. car.
BARBER wanted. 104 Vs Union squaxe ave.
COLORED beotblack fcr barber shci. lOfS Mc-
Allister St.
HELPER on candy. Call to-day from 10 to 1.
Blum's Ccnfectlcnery, cora*r Polk ar.d Sutter.
GOOD paying barber #hop for sale; whole or
half liHerest. Box 3282. Call office.
WANTED — One-chair barber-shop: tlty cr
country; stata price. Box 3253. Call office.
WANTED — Young man from IS to 2a years
of ajje who has had surr.* experience In
me.-."* tcrr.lshing goods. Apply between 3
and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS."
WANTED — Boy from IS to 20 years of age to i
I«*rn the dry gocda busineas. Apply between
9 and 1! a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class dr*sg good3 nan to go
to a city net far from San Francisco. Ap-
rly between 0 and 11 a. a. at hale
BROS.'
ALL ijnemployed clerics, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics. sfciPrd and unskilled lahcrers. ar* Invitel
to register with cs free of charge. HORD &
SMITIi. 93 Tbird St.. San Francisco.
HON'EST, wllilns young man, locking for por-
»er and bartender position, with good refer-
eace. Bux £700, Cali office.
FIRST-CLASS rootmaker; also pants and vest
maker for country. Apply REES BROS, jt
CO.. 24 gutter Et.
SIIEET iron worker and beneh tlnnfr; union
enpD: 9 hour*: mention wh?re last worked.
Address bcx 317». Call office.
WANTED everywhere — huat'.ers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, sanities, etc.; no can-
vas-ing: good pay. Sun Adv. Burea.u.Chlcago.
WASTED — A traveling salesman Tor a larze
local tullorlng e&tabll«hz:6Ot. Apply box. 2ai4,
Call office,
GET your nhoe* half-scted while waitinr; C."»c
to COc. R3 Missicn bet. 1st and 2d sts., I
or 11 Third si.. Examiner building. '
TRY our BMOTa 5-hoes. union made: $1 and tl 80 '
pair; foot-fcrm shoes. $2 SO: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
BARBERS — Best payinsr 3-chalr shop ta the
illsicn for sale. Box 2340. Call office.
WANTED— Good solleltar for ahew cards; good
salary ma4<e. 4T Geary st.
TWO men wanted to learn barber trade in j
shop; wages paid. 721 Mission st.
TEAMSTER wants job. 174 Xatoma st.
CANVASSERS fcr new proposition. Call after
3 p. m.. Hi Eleventh St.. Oakland.
MEX to leern the detective profession. 197
Market St.. room 104. - •" .
FOR SALE — A bargain: tw.o-cfaair barber
¦hop; must go East. 1608 D«vlsadere at.
MUSICIANS to jola military baad. 329 Bush.
st.. third floor, room 4.
BARBICR shoo fcr sale on Market et.; very
raascnable. Apply Catl oI3ct. - ¦¦ ¦¦
MAX to learn the barber trade. v7a pay you
while learning. 701 MUsloa et.
WAITFR -jranted. 4" Third at.
THRES-CHAIR larger shep fcr sale on ac
count sickness. 77» FoL<»om, nr. Fourth st.
SAILORS>and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart St.
MEN wanted at 137 3d tt.. where shoes arc re-
soired is nvichlncry ; sewed soles 10 ruin., 73c.
itlniied.
CLEARING-HOUSE OF HUMAN INTERESTSSunday, Oet 1*
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 26 hours from Mcnterey.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IK. 12 P. M.
Schr Halcyon, schr Sau<«allto. schr Sequoia.
_„ OCEAN STEAMERS.
J*TE"W YORK- Arrived Oct 17— Stmr Mlaa»
toalta, from London.
ARRIVED.
MTE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SALEM. Ore.. Oct. 16.— Fire to-night
destroyed a warehouse leased by Eu
gene Bosse. Flax valued at $40,000 was
destroyed and the property loss will
reach $50,000. The buildings were own
ed by Portland capitalists and were
fully insured.
Bosse carried but $2000 insurance on
his store of flax, which was the result
of four years' work, being the nucleus
of a scheme to establish linen mills
here. It is believed that the flre was
of incendiary origin.
Salem Warehouse Burned and Blaze
Is Believed to Be Work of
Incendiary.
FIRE BURNS STORE OF FLAX
AND CAUSES $90,000 L.OS3
Japanese Minister Will Meet Prince
Fushimi on His Arrival From
the Orient.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 16. — According
to present plans Mr. Takahlra, the
Japanese Minister, will himself go to
San Francisco to meet Prince Fushimi,
1 special envoy of the Emperor of Ja
pan, who will arrive In this country
about October 29.
This unusual action is contemplated
because Prince Fushimi is probably
the most distinguished envoy Japan
has ever sent to this country. He is
one of the heroes of the present war
and was commander of the Japanese
forces at the battle of Nanshan Hill.
He will be officially entertained at the
legation at Washington and there will
be much ceremony to accord with his |
rank.
Takahira has not been absent from
Washington more than a few days In
two years and his trip to the Pacific
Ccast will be his first vacation.! If the
Minister is unable to leave the lega
tion at the time, one of the secretaries
•will. go to San Francisco to act as es
cort for the Prince and his party.
TAKAHTRA IS COMING
TO SAX FRANCISCO
Fifteen Persons. In Addition. Ovem
come by Smoke From Blaze In
Tenement House.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17.— Four persona
were suffocated and fifteen were over*
come by smoke in a fire which ruined
a five-story brick double tenement*
house at 15 Moore street, Willlaxnsburg.
early to-day. Two of tne injured, %
boy and a girl, probably will die. In*
cendiarism is suspected. The dead:
EERTHA GLASS, 29 years old,
HENRY GLASS. 2 years.
SAMUEL RUBENOWITZ, 4 years.
MAX RUBENOWITZ. 6 years.
The fire originated in the basement
and ran up a dumb waiter shaft, caus
ing the crowded flats to fill rapidly
with smoke. The flames spread through
the flats on the fourth and fifth floors,
and escape for tiro persons asleep thero
was cut off.
Firemen and police did heroic work,
and soon rescued more than a score, fif
teen of whom were almost suffocated.
These were removed to St. Catherine's
Hospital. Two children amons? tha
number were in a dying condition.
One fireman, in attempting a daring
rescue, was overcome by smoke and
had to be carried out by his fellows.
The loss was only about $3000.
Several fires occurred In the neigh
borhood during the early hours to-day,
all of a suspicious origin. They ap
peared to have been started by the
same hand, as all were discovered in
the basement of tenements. Only the
one noted, however, was accompanied
by loss of life.
FOUR PERSONS SUFFOCATED
AS THE RESUI/T OP A FTREJ
Mrs. Sarah Jane Nolan, wife of P.
F. Xolan. the pioneer shoe merchant,
died yesterday at her home, 142$
Golden Gate avenue. She was a na
tive of Queens County. Ireland, and
was widely known, in this city. wher»
she had lived for many years. Tha
funeral will take place to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock from her lat©
residence, thence to Holy Cross
Church on Eddy street, where a sol
emn requiem mass will be celebrated.
Interment will be In Holy Cross Ceme
tery.
Mrs. Nolan Passes Away.
As the result of a vicious saloon row
last night between sailors from the U. S.
ship Pensacola and two soldiers of tha
Tenth Infantry, Charles A. Bancover.
a sailor on the Pensacola, received
several bullet wounds in the abdomen
and leg. Musso Govani. a musician in
the Cape Nome Saloon, 527 Pacific
street, where the shooting occurred, is
dangerously wounded In the back and
will probably die. John V. King, the
soldier that did the shooting, was ar
rested by Policemen Frank McGrayan
and John Davids.
Serious Shooting;.
Margaret and Henry C. Schroder (owners)
with Currie A Currie (contractors), architect
Henry Schroder — All work for a two-story
frame building on lot on E line of Sanchez
street, 160 S of Thirteenth, S 50 by E 123:
$325)0 50.
Joseph Smith (owner) with P. P. Quinn (con
tractor), architect A. W. Marquis — All work
except mantels, gas fixtures and shad-ea for a
two-story frame building on Jot on S line of
Oak street, 81:3 W of Cole. W 75 S 137:6 E
50, N 37:6. E 25. N 100; $0230.
I. M. Fiala (owner) with W. A. Roberts
(contractor). architect— All work for a
two-story frame building on lot on W line of
Baker street, 72 S of Union, S 27 :C by W
110:10; $2520. - ; .
George W. Scott and W. W. Van Arsdale
(owners) with Wilson-Lyon Construction Com
pany (contractors), architect D. F. Oliver —
All work except excavation, concrete work and
cement floor, sidewalks, dead lights, heating,
painting, finish, hardware, gas and electric
fixtures and elevator for a seven-story and
basement brick apartment hotel on lot on W
line of Stockton street. ICO N of Sutter. N 37:6
by W 137:6; *61.1C0.
Lovell and Laura L. "White to Samuel Sches
tedt. lot on W line of Pomona street. BO S of
Bay View avenue. S 25 by W 100. lots 1 to 4
block C, Silver terrace; $300.
Christian L. Wold to Lars B. Floan. lot on
SE line of Prospect street, 102:8 SW of Eu
tS .?£ =3:S by SB 70> lot 182 ' Cobb
Alexandra Dumont to Henry Meyer, estate
of Estelle M. Dumont. 3O.60O; $10.
John C and Mary J. McMenomy to Mary E.
Breen. lot on W line of Head street. 250 3 of
Sargent. S 50 by W 100. lota 39 and 40, block
42, City Land Association: $10.
E. J. Mlze to T. J. MIze. lot on SW corner
of Montezuma and Shotwell streets, W 75 by
S 40, lots 83, S5 and 87, gift map 3; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Herbert A. and Ethel Gladstone to Solomon
Getz. lot on SW corner of Forty-fecond avenu
and T street, W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Mike Mlrnoft to Bertha M. Mirnoff. lot on
S line of Richland street. 100 W of South ave
nue, W 50 by S 100. block 5. Holly Park- rift
Catherine and George A. Chambille to A. eI
and w. J. Wrizht, lot on W line of Lisbon
street, 2oO N of Persia avenue, N 25 by "W 100
block 19, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Sunnyslde Hall Improvement Company to
Llzzi- A. Men-alls, lot 20, block. 43, Sunnyslde
quitclaim deed; ?10. '""'
Bay District Land Company to Charlotte S.
\\ elr. lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 183 S of
B street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Max P. and Laurola S. W. Brasch to Lizzl»
S. Woodhams (wife of A. R.) rerecord 2013 D.
131, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue. 300 S
of H street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Amy L Goodhn*
lot on E line of Thirty-sixth avenue. 100 S of
J street. 3 25 by E 12O; $10.
Same to Ralph W. Goodhue. lot on E line
of Thirty-sixth avenue, 225 S of J street S 25
by E 120; ?10. '
William E. and Bessie Latz to John Tronn
son. lot on NE corner of Third avenue and
m^%io reet * E 82:6 ' N * 106;1! *' w M: 7ii. s
)V w- and Anna D - «• Chanslor to Eliza
beth M. Hawkins, lot on SW line of Third
OA re^ U2:6 NW of Townsend, NW 25 by S"W
Paulo A. and Giovanni B. Caraffa, Rosa G
?£ZJZ ite < °\ 3 ° h ? T \> and M*»lda Shaw
(Caraffa) to Agcetino Motoronl and Andrea
Guastucci, lot on N Una of Green street 20 W
of Kearny. W 20 by N 67:8, quitclaim deed;
Mary A. Kluge. ana Emilia. Ella M.. Lottie
l£ jTTfi 1 S^ n £ Wer tO * lch °'as ScnnTfier!
of'C.V^ byi W lT4 y $i°0 Urth Street ' 125 W
Florence I.- and Alice L. Bond to Emma O
Bond, lot on E line of Harrison street 175 a
of Twenty-fifth. S 50 by E 100- $10
Giovanni and Angela Tubone to Domenlco
Fijrone, undivided one- fourth of lot onE lint
of \ a «nn« street. »7:6 S of Filbert. 3 40 by
-n^rTVS. x? 17 J - Harve J r to Benjamin F.
and Delia E. Rau. lot on S line of Twenty
ur n $io' ltreet ' W * E ° f Church - E 24 by H
Mary E. and John H. von Schroder (or Von
Schroeder) to Jennie C. Wilson, lot on B line
by E a^22?o; e $10. 135 * °' Twent y thlr <l. * »
nn S *£ le u t0 Kate A. Bihan (wife of N. L.) lot
£ird E N n l5 O b f y^T22 S rVl0 S5 * ° f lWy -
John Center to Virginia ilakowskl (wife of
T^en^Vsi'Vi F^sV 1 " 6 '' 2" S °'
M^ Ien c * I l S Cabe to Frederick C. and Margaret
McC. Skellenger. lot on E line of Mission
Jtreet. 105 S of Twenty-fifth. S 25 by El 15-
Julia Nolan to same, lot on N Una of Han
114 k £™ et ' 13 ° W of Sanchez, W 25 by N
Hugh Cavanagh to Joseph F. Dwyer, lot on
E line of Stevenson street. 145 N of Four
teenth. N 23 by E (J5; $10.
Mary A. Grant (Warden) to Martha M.
fr<f^ UC fV l0t on N Jl ln t of Twenty- nrst street.
300 E of Guerrero, E 25 by N 115- $10
Estate of Margaret Marron (by John H.
Marron v administrator) to Joseph J. Gardiaer
c°he° a w 25Vy f "Tl^iTVo:" 1 ' 13 ° If °' San "
John H. Marron to eame. lot on N line of
Hancock 105 W o f Sanchez. W 25 by
A. P. Hotallng & Co. to Mary T. Shea, lot
on N line o f Green street. 156:7 4-5 TV of Van
Ness avenue. W 27:0 by N 137:6; $10.
Louis D. and Gertrude Stoff to Adolf P.
Happ. lot on N line of Grove street, 27:8 W
of Gough. W 27:6 by N 63:0; $10.
Jeremiah T. and Elliabeth Buries to Julius
A. Hieronlmus. lot on SW corner of Green
wich and Scott streets, S CS:9 by W 122-4- $10
John W. Quick to Christoph P. von Issendorf!
lot on W line of Lyon street. 100.001 S of
Page. 8 25 by W 1C0; $10.
John Zeile to John D. McKee. lot on 8E
corner of Jackson and Laurel streets. E 60 by
8 127:S% : $10.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 13.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
It was after the alleged assault and
robbery that Ryan entered the res
taurant and Harper says Ryan had no
appearance of having been assaulted
nor did he make any complaint.
The police discredit Ryan's story. C.
"W. Harper, proprietor of a restaurant
at 2723 Sutter street, says Ryan en
tered his place and ordered a meaL
Ryan was drinking. After eating the
meal he walked out of the restaurant
and directly across the street. When
ho reached the car track he stumbled
and fell, striking on the back of his
head. Two gripmen and a conductor
on the Sutter street line saw him fall.
They carried him to the sidewalk. Car
Dispatcher Kennedy rang for the
patrol wagon and Ryan was taken to
the police station, thence to the. hospi
tal.
Michael Ryan, a laborer, living at
675 Mission street, complained to tho
police early yesterday morning that
ho had been assaulted and robbed of a
geld watch and chain by three mea
who followed him from the saloon of
Frank Maestrettl, Commissioner of
Public "Works, at Central avenue and
Sutter street, where he had been
drinking.
Two men — C. R- Goetgran, marbla
cutter, 1628 Central avenue, and B.
Vito, a teamster, living: at 123 Saa
Carlos avenue — were taken before him
and he said they were two of the mea
who had assaulted and robbed him.
Lieutenant Anderson at the Golden,
Gate Park Station declined to lock tha
two men up on Ryan's uncorroborated
statement, but gave him their names
and addresses, and told him he could
swear out a warrant for their arrest.
Ryan was sent to the Park Emergency
Hospital, where a wound in the back
of his head was stitched and dressed.
ROBBERY TALE
NOT CREDITED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, - OCTOBER 17, 1904.
10
__1EGAIi NOTICES-— Continued-
In one newspaper published In the city cf Oak-
land, and also in ono newspaper published in
the city ot Los Angeles, and also in one
newspaper published In the city of Sacra-
mento, stating the number of bonds so drawn
and that the principal of said bonds will be
paid on presentation to the treasurer on or
before the second day of January, following,
and that from and after such last named
date e'.I interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
ceafce. and'' it shall be the duty of the treas-
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot
are surrendered to him and paid to cancel
the came and the interest coupons thereon,
and each year beginning with the year 1914
tbe sfcld treasurer shall. In the manner afore-
said, proceed to draw by lot such an amount
of bonds af shall be requisite to exhaust aa
nearly as may be the amount in said sinking
funo. and proceed in the manner hereinabove
stated. Aftar the payment of all of said bonds,
the surplus or balance remaining in said sink-
ing fund. If any there be. shall forthwith ba
paid into the Ban Francisco harbor Improve-
ment fund. At the time of the respective draw-
ings by lot as aforesaid, and also at the ma-
turity of said state bond*, xaid treasurer shall
eell the United States or other bonds then In
said sinking fund, at governing market rates,
after advertising the &ale thereof in the man-
ner hereinbefore provided for the sale of bonds
hereby authorized to be issued, and shall uss
the proceeds for the payment of such bonds aa
may be drawn by lot, and at the maturity of,
said bonds outstanding shall pay and redeem
said matured outstanding bonds out of said
moneys in said fund in extinguishment of eald
bonds on controller's warrants duly drawn
for that purpose.
Sec. C. The state controller and the stata
treasurer shall keep full and particular account
and record of all their proceedings under thin
act. and they shall transmit to the governor
an abstract of all such proceedings thereunder,
with an annual report, to ba by tha governor
laid before the legislature biennially; and all
books and papers pertaining to the matter
provided for in this act shall at all times ba
open to the Inspection of any party interested,
or the governor, or the attorney general, or
a committee of either branch of the legislature,
or a joint committee cf both, or any citizen
of the state.
Sec 7. It shall be th« duty of the state
treasurer to pay the interest of said bonds,
when the same falls due. out o" the sinking fund
provided for in this act. on controller's war-
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec 8. This act, if adopted by the people,
shall take 'effect on the thirty-first day of De-
cember, A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
to all its provisions except these relating to and
necessary for Its submission to tha people,
and for returning, canvassing, and proclaim-
ing the votes, and as to said excepted pro-
visions this act shall take effect immediately.
Sec 9. This act shall be submitted to the
people of the State of California for their
ratification at the next general election, to ba
holden in the month of November, A. D.
nineteen hundred and fc^ir; and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon,
and at the end thereof, ¦ the words "For tha
San Francisco Seawall Act." and in a sep-
arate line under the same the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act," and opposite
said lines there shall be left spaces In which
tbe voters may make or stamp a cross to
indicate •whether they vote for or against the
said act. and those voting for said act shall
do so by placing a cross opposite the words
"For the San Francisco Seawall Act." and all
those voting against the said act shall do so
by placing a cross opposite the words "Against
tho San Francisco Seawall Act." The gov-
ernor of this state shall Include the submis-
sion of this act to tha people, as aforesaid. In
his proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion.
See. 10. The votes cast for or against this
act shall be counted, returned and canvassed
and declared in the same manner and subject
to the same rules as votes cast for stata
officers; and If it appear that eald act shall
have received a majority of all the votes cast
for and against It at such election, as aforesaid,
then the same shall have effect as herein-
before provided, and shall ba lrrapealable
until the principal and Interest of the liabil-
ities herein created Ehall bo paid and dis-
charged, and the governor shall make procla-
mation thereof; but If a majority of the votes
cast as aforesaid are against this act, then
the same shall be and become void.
Sec. 11. This act may be known and cited
as the "San Francisco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. All acts and parts of acts In
conflict with the provisions of this act are
hereby repealed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE). San Francisco. Sept. 30.
' 1904 — Notice: Certain goods remaining one
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Ap-
praiser's etore on the 26th of October. 19C4.
at 10 o'clock a. m. Descriptive catalogues
can be had at the Custom- House on October
19, 1904 or at the time and place of sale.
W. B. "HAMILTON. Special Deputy Col-
lector.
I HAVE bought the fruit stand from TOM
Mclaughlin at 442 Third st. max
TURTELTOUB.
DIVIDEND HOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — Claremont Oil Com-
J pany, en November 1. 1904, will pay a. divi-
dend (No. 5), amounting to $4500. equal to
lc per share, on its issued capital stock.
Transfer books close on Tuesday, October 25,
1904, at 5 p. m.
On November 25, 19<M. will pay an extra
dividend, amounting to J4D0O. on its issued
capital stock, equal to lc per share. Trans-
fer books close Saturday, November 19, 1904,
at 1 p. m., payable at Its office, room 731
Mills bldg., San Francisco. GEO. J. REM-
INGTON, Secretary.
FBOPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for reconstructing
the south drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office
of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 6 p. m. of October 24, 1904. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond of bidder, in favor of
the Regents of the University of California,
ecual to ten (10) per cent of his bid with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bid
be accepted, the bidder will duly enter into
a proper -contract and give bond to perform
faithfully the duty and obligations In ac-
cordance with said bid and with the plan*
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — Of-
fice Depot Quartermaster, 36 Now Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal., Oct. 17,
19<>4. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, sub-
ject to usual conditions, will be received hero
until Monday. Nov. 7, 19O4, and then
¦ opened, for furnishing flre hoee, hose carts,
pipe and fittings, for Camp Daraga, P. I.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding In the price of foreign production tho
duty thereon). Tho United States reserves
rleht to accept or reject any or all bids or
any part thereof. Information and blank
proposals furnished on application. Envel-
opes containing proposals to be sealed and
marked "Proposals for Qr. Mr. Supplies, No.
S305," and addressed to Major C. A. Devol,
Qr., U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO7~CAL., October 17, 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
16. 1004, and then opened for the construction
of an emereency hospital at Infantry Can-
tonment, Presidio of San Francisco, Cal., in-
cluding plumbing. Government reserves tha
. rijht to reject or nccept any or all bids In
whole or in part. Information furnished on
application to WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant
Quartermaster General. Chief Quartermaster.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE — Taxes dua upon assessments mads
by the State Beard of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department, Btate of California.
Sacramento, October 11, 1904. In accord-
ance with the provisions of section SUGS of
the Political Code, notice Is hereby given
that I have received from the State Board
of Equalization the "Duplicate Record of As-
sessments of Railways" and the "Duplicate
Record of Apportionment of Railway Assess-
ments," containing the assessments upon the
property of each of the following named
associations or corporations, as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year
1004, viz. :
Central Pacific Railway Company, South c
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Koad Company, Carson and
Colorado Railway Company, California
Northwestern Railway Company (lessees of
tha San Francisco and North Pacific Rail.
Vv-ay), Southern California Railway Company;
the Atchison, Toptka and Santa Fe Railway
Company; North Shore Railroad Company
Pacific Coast Railway Company, Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company, Nevada i
County Narrow Gauze Railroad Company,
- Nevada-Callfornia-Oregon Railway Company'
Sierra Valleys Railway Company, Alameda
I and San Joaquin Railroad Company, Sierra
I .Railway Company of California. Gualala Mill
Company, Lake Tahoe Railway and Trans-
portation Company, Boca and Loyalton Rail-
road Company; San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad Company, and. tha Pull-
man Company.
The State and county taxes on all per- •
sonal property and one-half of the State i
and county taxes on all real property are
now due and payable, and will be delinquent
on the last Monday . in November next, at
(1 o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the State
Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto, 5
. per cent will be added to the amount there-
of, and unless so paid on or before the'las;
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m., an
additional 5 per cent will be added to the 1
amount thereof.
, Th? remaining one-half of the Stats and
¦ county taxes on all real property will be dua
and payable at .any time after the first
Monday In January next; and will. be dclln- '
. Quent on the last Monday In April next, at
0 o'clock p. m., 'and unless paid to the
State Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto
6 per. cent will - be added to the amount
thereof. ~i ''"YiiiTiIW iTIpjFwm/jij^ - - ¦
- E. P. COLGAN, State Controller. I
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Th'rd; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furnitvrre and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave; phone East 12C.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Vcn and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWIKQ MACHINES A~ D SUPPLIES.
1000 RENTERS— Don't fail to visit the new
retail office of the White if you wish to rent
the best sewing machine on earth; price for
rent of best drophead machines, $2 per
month. Remember the place. 915 Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
le cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5, $S; slightly
used $10, $15, $20: you know where the doHa
swing in the window. 1051 Market st.
SOCIAX.^
TROLLBY parties, clubs, fraternltias, look
here; a chance to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any, puree at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electric
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Muirhead building. Market and Larkin sts.
I STOF_J>Bl~~CNa.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c: tablet form
mailed in claln package; has cured vhou-
rands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and Market.
rurfs: estab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
taoni- treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 232.
LEGAL KO TICS3.
CHAPTER CCXL
AN ACT TO PROVIDE- FOK THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF STATE BONDS TO CRE-
ATE A FUND FOR THE CONSTRUCTION
BY THE BOARD OF STATE HARBOR
COMMISSION EKS OF A SEAWALL AND
APPURTKNANCES IN THE CITY AND
COUNTY OF SA.N FRANCISCO: TO CRE-
ATE A SINKING FUND FOR THE PAY-
MENT OF SAID BONDS; AND PROVIDING
FOR THE SUBMISSION OF THIS ACT
TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
[Approved March 20. 1903.]
Th« people of the State of California, repre-
sented in senate and assembly, do
•nact as follows:
Section L For the purpose of providing a
fund for the payment ot the Indebtedness here-
by authorized to be incurred by the board of
¦tat« harbor commissioners for the erection of
a trawd.ll and appurtenances In the city and
county of San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed
two million dollars (which said seawall and
appurtenances the board of state harbor com-
missioners ara hereby empowered to construct
in tbe manner authorized by law, and at a
cost not to exceed taid two million dollars), the
state treasurer shall. Immediately after the
! Issuance of tho proclamation of the governor,
¦ provided for in section ten hereof, prepare two
, thousand suitable bonds of the State of Call-
j fomla, in the denomination of one thousand
dcllan. each. The whole issue of said bonds
shall not exceed the sum of two million dollars,
and said bonds shall bear intereat at the rate
of four per centum per annum, from the
time of the sale thereof, and both principal
I and interest thall be payable In gold coin
of the present standard of value, and they
Ehall be payable at the office of the state
treasurer, at the expiration of nineteen years
from their due, subject, however, to re-
demption by lot as in this act hereinafter
provided. Said bonds shall bear date. tb»
eecond day of January, A. D. nineteen hundred
and five, and thai! be made payable on tha
second day of January, nineteen hundred and
twenty-four A. D. The interest accruing on
euch of said bonds as are sold shj.ll be dua
and payable at the office of the said btate
treasurer on the second day of January, and
on the second day of July, of each year after
the eale of the same; provided, that the first
I payment of interest shall be made on the
second day of January, A. D. nineteen hun-
dred and elx. on so many of said bonds as
may have been theretofore sold. At the ex-
piration of nineteen years .rom the date of
said bonds, all bonds sold shall cease to bear
interest, and, likewise, all bonds redeemed by
lot ehall ceape to bear Interest as In this
act provided, and the said state treasurer shall
call in, forthwith pay, and '•¦'"''I the same,
out of the moneys in the San Francisco seawall
sinking fund provided for in this act, and
he shall on the first Monday of January, nine-
teen hundred and twenty-lour, also cancel and
' destroy all bonds not theretofore sold. All
I bonds issued shall be signed by the governor,
| and countersigned by the controller, and shall
be endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
shall have the seal of the state stamped
thereon. Each bond shall contain a clause
that it is subject to redemption by lot aftar
the year 1914.
Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall be attached
to each of eald bonds, so that euch coupons
may be removed without injury to or mutila-
tion of tbe bond. Said coupons shall be con-
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
the state treasurer. But no Interest on any
of eald bonds ehall be paid for any time which
may Intervene "between the date of any jf
said bonds and the issue and sale thereof to
a purchaser.
Sec. 3. The sum of one thousand dollars Is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be incurred by the state treasurer in
having said bonds prepared. Said amount aball
be paid out of the San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to b«
issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they ehall be by the state treasurer sold at
fiublic auction to the highest bidder for cash,
n such parcels and numbers as said treasurer
fehall be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re-
questing such sale shall have been adopted by
the board of state lairbor commissioners; but
bald treasurer must reject any and all bids
for said bonds, or for any of them, which
shall be below the par value of said bonds
so offered; and he may, by public announce-
ment at the place and time fixed for the
eale. continue euch sale, as to the whole of
the bonds offered, or any part thereof offered,
to such time and place as he may select.
Due notice of the time and place of sala
of all bonds must be given by said treas-
urer by publication in two newspapers • pub-
lished in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, and also by publication In one news-
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
In one newspaper published In the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four week*
prior to such sale. The costs of such pub-
lication chall be paid out of the San Fran-
cisco harbor improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. Tha
proceeds of the sale of euch bonds shall bs
icrthwith paid over by said treasurer Into the
treasury, and must be by him kept In a sep-
arate fund, to be known and designated as
the "San Francisco Seawall Fund" and must
be used exclusively for the construction of
beawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
water front of the city and county of Saa
Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in the same manner as
drafts and warrants are drawn upon and paid
out of the San Francisco harbor improvement
fund.
Sec 5. For the payment of the principal
and Interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to bo
known and desienated as tho "San Francisco
Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and the bum
Is hereby createi. a» follows: The state treas-
urer shall, on the first day of each and every
month after the sale of said bonds, take from
the San Francisco harbor improvement fund
such Eum as, multiplied by the time the bond*
then sold and outstanding have to run, will
¦equal the principal of the bonds EOld and out-
standing at th» time Eald treasurer shall so take
said sum from said San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund, less the amount , theretofore
taken therefrom for said purpose; and he shall
place the sum In the San Francisco seawall
sinking fund created by this act. Said state
treasurer shall, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose, employ the moneys in
said Kinklr.c fund In the purchase of bonds of
tha United States, or of the State of California,
or of the several counties or municipalities of
the Stuta of California, which said bonds shall
be kept In a proper receptacle, appropri-
ately labeled; but he must keep always on
hand a sufficient amount of money in said
sinking fund with which to pay the Inter-
est on such of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be Issued as may have theretofore
been sold. And to provide means for tha
payment of Interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding 1 , uaid treasurer shall
monthly take from the San Francisco harbor
Improvement fund, and pay into said seawall
sinking fund, an amount equal to the monthly
interest then due on all bonds then sold, de-
livered and outetandlng. The board of stats
harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockage, tolls,
rents, j wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient for the purposes of this
act, over and above the amount limited , by
section two thousand five hundred and twenty-
fix of the Political Code of the State of
California. Between the first and . the tenth
day of November, in . the year nineteen hun-
dred and fourteen, and between the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
after until tbe maturity of said bonds, tha
eald treasurer shall, in the presence of tho
governor. ¦ proceed to draw by lot such an
amount of ¦ bonds as shall bo requisite - to
exhaust as nearly as may be the amount in
*aid sinking fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and. before the tenth day of De-
cember following eive notice by . public ad-
vertisement to be Inserted twice . a week for
two weeks In two newspapers published In
the city and county of San Francisco, and also
EOOSIS TO UBT — Purn. and XTnfum.
GOLDEN GATI3 are.. 100&— Sunny room,
running water, phone, grate and bath, with
use of piano. '
GR^ND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to Jl £5 night; fl 50 to $0 wk. : reading-room.
CRANT eve., 7 Nicely furnished sunny front
Buite, also single rooms; $2 to $7 week.
CRANT ave.. 111. "The Astoria"— Downtown;
pretty roomg; $1 per day; week, $3 up.
HAVE? lott. corner Van Ness ave. — Large.
sunny rooms, suitable for gentlemen; $10.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and 11 25 to »5 week.
HOWARD, 737^4 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms to lot from $1 60 up.
HOWARD, 1772 — One furnishad bay-window-
room.
JESSIE, 363. eas? U. 8. Mint — Furnished
room. $5; large. 2 bads. >10 per month.
JONES. 1S01 — Large furnished or unfurnished
rooms in comfortable house; sunny exposure.
KEARNY. 305, cor. Bush — Nicely furnished
rooms, double and slngla and bath, at rea-
sonable prices.
KEARXT. 403 — Furnished rooms to let.
LARKJN, 715— Nice sunny furnished roomm.
LARKIN, 1503 — Two sunny furnished rooms
In top flat.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny
rooms; $2 50 to $7 week; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 800 — Large sunny bay-window
rooms en suite or single.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400
Fingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
(2 to $S per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rcoming-hous« in San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in ever} 1 room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 1222. b«t. Eighth and Ninth — Sunny,
nicely furnished room; also 1 room (5 per
month.
MISSION, 276S — Furnished rooms to let.
O'FARRELL. 6— Elegantly furnished suite with
piano, suitable fcr 2 or 3 gents.
O'FARRELL, fOX — 2 nicely furnished rooms
on quiet block near business center; reason-
able.
O'FARRELL, 1520, near Buchanan — Large,
well-furalsh*d room, every convenience, for
1 or 2 gents; 93 and $10; private.
PACIFIC 1530 — Small room, nloely furnishad.
for lady; rent reasonable.
PAGE. 1776 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms and
bath.
POST, BS1 — Large sunny room to lot; newly
furnished; call after 11 a. nx
POWELL, 239 — Edinburgh — Furnished rooms,
en suite and single; suitable for of flea.
POWELL, 419 — Sunny furnished rooms; gas;
bath; $5 to $10 month.
POWELL. 720 — Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished for — ntleman.
POWELL, HOC — Large basement to let.
ROTAL HOC3E.128EU1S— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies" par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, (2
to JS; month. ?S to $30: elevator on ground
floor: rocms with hot and cold water; baths, j
SOOTT. 251 — Sunny suite; private family; no
other roomtrs; 1 or 2 gentlemen; nice for
students; reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 324 — 1 furnished or unfurnished
room; private. !
SHOTWELL. 620 — To let. comfortable. fur-
nished room for lady, with bath.
SHRADER, 103S — Newly furnished room, two
blocks from the park.
SIXTH. 143 — Rooms with housekeeping privi-
leges.
STOCKTON. 41 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,
also single rooms, $2 to $7 week.
I ST. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house; new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold !
water: baths; everything sanitary: elevator
service: If sunshine and cleanliness is an ob-
ject see these rooms; $3 per week up.
BUTTER. 2502 — Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable.
TEIIAMA. 473B — Sunny furnished front room.
TENTH. J528VJ — Nice sunny room with running
water; rent choap.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES, BATHS,
ELECTKIC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV- 1
ICE, HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERT
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larehmont, 361 Sutter — New brick bldg.. :
finely furnished: hot, cold ¦water, steam heat,
privilege to baths; $2 50 to 95 per week.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Mark<?t^400
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to (6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
rcom; elevator. re»d--roorn; ire* bus; baggage,
WEBSTER, 1338 — Furnished room for young
man.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms. 50c p«r night.
BOOMS A1TOBOAZUX
ST. GEORGE, 1616 and 1618 Washington et. —
Just opened; handsome newly furnished sun-
ny suites, private batha; 6ingle rms; every
modern convenience; good table board; reas.
ELEGANT, comfortable home offered one gen-
tleman; bedroom, exclusive bathroom, parlor
and board. $15 weekly In advance. Box 2957,
Call office.
LARGE sunny, nicely furnished room, with
board, suitable for two gents or couple; pri-
vate family; walking distance; references.
795 Hayes at.
POWELL. 818. near California — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny front parlor, with or without
breakfaet and dinner, in refined prtv. family.
NICE aunny furnished room with board. If
wanted, for lady or gentleman In a private
family on the "Nob Hill." Box 3231. Call.
WANTED — Child to board; good home; price
reasonable. 1206 Golden Gate ave.
I EDDY. SSS — Room and board in refined f&m-
lly.
EDDY, 1128, opp. Jefferson Park— Fine fum.
sunny rooms ; table board ; reas. ; new manag.
ELLIS, 453 — Nicely furnished rooms, with ex-
cellent French table board; reasonable.
ELLIS. 1174 — Room with board for two young
men; private family; references.
EXCELLENT board, $4 per week; with large
sunny room, $5. 323 First st,
GERMAN widow would like to board children;
good home; motherly care. Box 3332, Call.
GREENWICH, 914 — Well-furnished room with
German board. ¦•• •!•>-.. >•
HOWARD, 841 A— First-class board and room,
single or double, $5-J6 wk.; American family!
LARGE, sunny, nicely furnished rooms for
couples; excellent board. 936 Valencia st.
LARKIN, 840. near Geary — Furnished room,
with board.
MASON, C15A. near Sutter— Sunny furnished
room, with board, for lady.
ROOM and board to let in private place. Ap-
ply box 3327. Call office.
ROOM and board. MRS. AHKMANN. 615
Taylor «.
Stevenson Mar.Eion, opp. Grace Church annex,
607 California — See rms, learn prices.try table.
SUNNY rocms. with breakfast and dinner;
reasonable. 1254 Eddy st.
VAN NESS ave.. 044— Well-furnished rooms
with board: teims reasonable.
CHESTNUT. 2C6— One large room, with board;
reasonable. ; ;, f .¦
WANTED — A good home and board for a
baby 8 months. Address 220 Douglass St..
near Eighteenth.
ROOMS WAHTTED.,
FURNISHED room wanted. Address 232 Thir-
teenth st.
SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 RemingtonTNo.i
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter- Exchange. £36 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Wabstar True writing Inspec. Co., 503 Market.
2TAFA CTTT KEAI. ESTATE.
etop PAYING RENT!
own your own nour.
PUBLIC AUCTION,
AGBXCmVTVSAX. PARK TRACT.
NAPA CITY. CAL,
S \TUnDAT. OCTOBER 22, 1004.
11 a. m.
SOn CHOICE. LEVEL. LARGE LOTS 300
AdJ.^injriK OJty of Nspa, on proposed line of
YALLUJO, KENICIA AND NAPA VALLEY
nLECTTRIC LINE,
Now I3«inc Constructed.
T«td»— One-balf Cash per Lot — Balance <J
aisJ <- axmtiia. Interest on deferred p*y-
mTte. 6 p»r cest per annum: 10 per cent dls-
ccun: fv cash ca d«i*err*d payment.
GOOD LUNCH SERVED FREE ON DAY
OF SALS.
AGRICULTURAL PARK TRACT CO..
Ownera.
ED. n. SMITH. AacUoneer.
BE INDEPENDENT!
BUY FOR INVESTMENT.
8AH MATEO SZAL ESTATE^^^
LOMJTA PARK — On line of San Mateo elec-
trlo oar?; 45 minutes from f>th and Market
Hi; outside th« foe belt and Just beyond
whero the S- P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"'
will Jsln the Kiln line; jpcond subdivialon
now be'.sjr offered: r^>- foot lots from $400 cp;
terms, trst two subdivisions oc!y $10 down
and flO a racnth: »<Tv«r and water pipes in
front of eTery Jot; pure artesian well water:
half the lots" In F-«;b<Jiv1sion No. 1 were sold
in two weeks; an exoepii<ir.al oprwrttuilty
to eerur* a lot In this desirable section on
•as}- terms: take the electric ears and get
off at LCitTTA PARK: maps sent en appli-
cation.
EELBT. ROEKIEr.S & CO..
Trl. VfciTi CT3. 11« CaliforeSa rt.
CEICKEB BAJfCgES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San LeandrOL
Bnt»tflvi<llne fine crciiard on gentle slops: slxe
te- rniti eery terms; plraty water; fine fruit:
call tor detail*: pj and *e« Suzulay. Owner.
713 Mills bufJ'icr.
TTDCBEH JDAJTPS.
FOR SALE. !
TOOO tcn« best tinber land in Northern Call- I
forsia; wiU average SS.O0rt feet per wen; %,
recwood sad \ fir. For full partlciUars see
J. W. JAQUTTH.
1312 Market St..
Rctott.s 41S-41J*: Ph^no Fnlscm S4SS.
SEAXi ESTATE ! TOEZCHABrGE.
FOR EXCHANGE.
In Berkeley: wittlff wa.Udnc distance, of th«
university: a madera S-room bouse. with
ctabJe. fardea. etc: tiioroajghly up to date;
vaJue Jv>>>, mortgage J3i»-0: will exchange
equity 'or scraetii^ir clear; no sgrnta. Answer
box 1S2. Berkeley poEto£floe.
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or S. F. property
fcr ranches. /. H. EDSON. 14-15 Bacon
bJock. Oakland.
EOCKS 70S EOUSEEEEPIKa.
BP.TAXT. *4< — Two or three euony rooms,
aicel>- furnished far bons«keeping.
CALIFORNIA. 126* — Tw« lax;* runny room*;
middle floor: us« oi laundry aad large sunny
3-ard.
EDDT. 475 — Svnry boosekeeptss room; run-
r-'ng waier.
EIGHTEENTH, S4C2. near Valencia— 2 sunny
furnished rocnis; housekeeping; bath.
ELEVENTH ave. south.. 1535 — 3 rooms cora-
i,leln tcr housekeeping; rent $10 per month.
ELGIN acj-k. M — Double uarlors; rejrular
UtdMB; sjr.-y: modern; adults.
EDDT. 743 — Floor of 4 furnished rooms; yard;
I ?27: 2 rooins. fl5 and J2L
ELLIS. 5C4 — Newly furnished snnny front par-
lor, wilh new piano
ELLIS. SIC — 3 rusny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms to let; yard.
FOLSOM. S34 — Sickle housekeeping rooms to
let.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping- rooms; also
£*£. j
GEARY. 1225 — O.icpletej>- furnished room for
bcus* keeping: tunny bay window; hath; ma- |
rice view; also 3- room cottaeej reasonable. :
GOLDEN GATE ave., 370— Nicely furnished !
front alcove, with kitchen; private home.
GOLDEN GATE. C31 — Single sunny furnished |
room; nasoziabl«: good location. ;
GROVE. 3C1 — Bay-window front room and
kitchen; pas and bath; every convenience.
HARRISON. 74S— «, *3. $7. Einjtle and double
rooms; will permit housekeeping.
KEN1LWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room s::r.r.y apartments; steam beat; cen. loc.
KNICKERUOOKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Bunry furnished 3-room rultes; Eteam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free bath*; rates reas.
LAGT'NA. 1507. cor. Geary — Elegant 3-roca
sunny euite; modern; private family; re&s.
LYON. 414, near Ilayes. one block from park —
Three large tunny room* and bath In upper
flat for light housekeeping.
MASON. .V)5 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
and nirele rooms.
MINNA. :;2S— 2 housekeeping rooms; use oi
parlor; reasonable; and others.
MINNA. 516 — Furnished rooms; complete for
houfctkf*pin«.
MISSION. 114S — 4-rooms complete for bousa-
keeplng; reasonable.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
(12*: cas range; hot bath; adults.
PINE. S23— Will pive part reduced rent for
SLnswt»rlr.g bell; housekeeping rooms.
POLK. 336, cor. McAllister — Lar^e front room
aid !=mall cooking place for light house-
keep int.
POUTOLA. 7?,, off Waller, bet. Steiner and
Pierr-p — Two sunny rooms for housekeeping.
POST. f»C2— Larse >«ur.ny front i-ulte. gas. water.
t-bcz *2O; rear FUite $10 month.
POWELL. R17 — Furnished rooms for light
housf-teepiiig.
BACRAMFNTO. 1S14— Parlor floor, 5 elegantly
furnifhed eunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT. 300. cor. Page— Newly furnished
housekeeping room«, 2. 3 or 4; sunny.
=
SIXTENTII. ni)77— Two nicely furnished rooms
. for houtfkecjjing; reasonable.
SUNNY housekeeping rooms; also room for two
gentlemen. Apply at 253 Sixth St. (store).
THIRD. Sli— Parlor oulte $12; 1 room $10; '
front eUe room $7; no Funday applications.
UTAH. G3S. east of Bryant— Large bsement.
furnished, newly painted, gas, sink, toilet,
liot and cold water, cheap.
aPABTMEHT gQTJSES.
CT. 1X3TJIS. 1575 Jackson — Marine view; 3-4-1
rocrrs: furn. or unfur. : refs. Tel. Ea»t 1350
EOOMS TO tST — Purn. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, US sixth St.— Rooms
2.V: to (I per night, $1 £j to $0 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c, Jl, $1 50 night;
51 M to $10 week; house open all night.
AUSTIN ave.. 112. off Polk, et.— Three sunny
hous.pkeeiiir.jc rooms for rent.
BELMOXD House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances. 112G Market and 21 Turk— Electric
listits; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1510— Nicely furnished room;
gentlemen preferred.
CALIFORNIA. 1247— Large well furnished
room for gentleman; reasonable; private.
DEVEADERO. 1311— Sunny front room; sult-
ab;e for 2 tnen; private.
KDDY, 3— Fine core corner: nice furnished
rooms by day. week or month.
EDDT. 110— Leunstcr. — Opp. Tlroll; fine fur-
nished rooms for transients; reas. rates.
EDDT. 422 — Nice furnished room; good loca-
tion; use of phone. a
ELLIS, 722— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS S27 — Sunny furnished room to let.
with 'hot and colJ water.
kLlic 1438 — Sunny rooms, cozy corner, with
or without board; terms reasonable; private
family. ' •
l-i'AN'KLlN 20*4 — Single, furnished room In
"rivate fiunlly.' with bath; with or without
i .fa ra ; rent J3. _^
KKANKLIN..721 — Eunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences.
GKAKT 5S4— Elegantly furnished. sunny
front room. g*» and electric light; central
location^ ' ¦
GEARY 1143— Newly and attractively fur-
nished' rooms: all sunny, bath. Dhow run-
Bine water; reasonable.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either cf the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. _
BORN.
COBLENTZ— To the wife of A. Coblent* of
Seattle, a daughter.
PEARLMAN— October 16, 1904. to th» wlf«
of J. Pearlman. a son.
married!
BAUER— FINCK— In this city. October 16.
15)04 by the Rev. Paul Branke. Frederick
H. Bauer and Ernestine L. Finck.* both of
this city.
DIED.
Baden, Mary Nolan. Sarah Jan«
Bard. Edward B. Nail. William
Brocks. Tessle O'Keeffe. Patrick
Caverly, Mrs. Ana Perrine. Miss F. V.
Costello, William Stewart. Jane
Daneri, John Tterney, Peter
Fossey Charles A. Upp George w.
Gercke. Minna Van Mourik, Nellie
Helnicke, MagdaJena Wilson, Mary L.
Johnson Swan Young. CharU* B.
Moore. , Peter Zillmer. Adolphin*
Murphy. Patrick J.
BADEN — The anniversary mass for the repose
of the soul of the late Mary Baden will
take place Tuesday morning. October IS, at 9
o'clock, at St. Charles Borromeo Church.
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets. Frienda are
Invited to attend.
BARD — In this city, October 16. 190*. Edward
B.. beloved son of Gus and Ester Bard, and
brother of Willie Bard, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 6 months and 1 day.
EXFtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 18 at 2:30 p. m., from his late
residence'. C31 Eddy street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BROOKS— In this city, October 15. 1904. Tes-
sle. dearly beloved daughter of P. J. and the
late Katie- Brooks, sister of Willie and
George Brook3, and stepdaughter of Annie
Brooks, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years 9 months and 15 days.
ICvTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 p. m. from 'the residence of
the parents, 123 Cortland avenue, thence
to St. Paul's Church for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAVERLY— In this city. October 16. 1904. at
her residence, 39 Scott street, Mrs. Ann
Caverly beloved mother of Mrs. James H.
Callahan, a native of County Westmeath.
Ireland, aged 85 years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 18. at 9:30 a, m.. from her late resi-
dence, thence to Sacred Heart Church, cor-
ner Fell and Fillmore streets, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 a. m. Interment "Holy Cross Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Kindly omit flowers.
COSTELLO — A month's mind requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of tha late William Costello. at 9 a. m.,
Tuesday, October IS, at Sacred Heart
Church, Fell and Fillmore street. Friends
are respectfully Invited to attend.
DANERI— In Vallejo. October 15, 1904. John,
dearly beloved huaband of Christina Daneri,
father of Mrs. Louisa Cuneo. Mrs. Teresa
Papadopulo and Frank Daneri, and grand-
father of Mrs. Cloe Leron, Mrs. Christina
Curtia. Stella and Charlie Foppiano and
Olga and Stella Braternos, a native of Italy,
aged 73 years.
CTTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day. October 19. at 12:45 p. m.. from the
parlors of Valente, Marlni & Co., 1521
Stockton street, thence to Garibaldi Guard
Hall, 423 Broadway. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
FOSSEY— In this city . October 16, 1904.
Charles A. Fosaey beloved husband of Lena
Fossey. a native of Canada, aged 4S years
3 months and 25 days. A member of the
Walters' Union. Local No. 30.
ETTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral Tuesday,
October IS. at 10 a. m., from the parlors
of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, via the
11:30 a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets depot.
GERCKE— In this city. October 15. 1904,
Minna, beloved wife of Fritz Gercke. and
idolized mother of Mrs. J. Sachau. and
grandmother of Fritzie and Willie Sachau,
a native of Gera. Germany, aged 59 years
5 months'; and 13' days.
IT7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 18, at 2 p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 507 Steiner street, between Oak and
Fell. Kindly omit flowers. Interment Odd
Fellows" Cemetery.
HEINICKE — Entered into rest in this city,
October 15. 1804, at her residence. 27 Clem-
entina street, between First and Second,
Magdalena C. dearly beloved wife of Charles
Heinlcke. and devoted mother of William F.
and Lottie Heintcke. a native of Schleswlg,
Holatein. Germany, aged 60 years and 25
days. A member of Norddeutscher Frauen
Verein and Rothes Kreuz Unterstutzungs
Verein.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m. from St. Markus
German Evangelical Lutheran Church,
O'Farrell street, between Franklin and
Gough. where services will be held. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON — In this city, October 15. 1904,
Swan Johnson, husband of Hannah Johnson,
a native of Sweden, aged 62 years 7 months
and 4 - days.
I MOORE— In this city. October 15, 1004 Peter.
: beloved husband of Maggie Moore, and
' father of Albert Moore and brother of
Mrs. Mamie Worth and the late Mrs.
Thomas Callow, a native of Ohio aged 33
years.
E^Frlendg and auqualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 p. m..-from the parlors of
Halatead & Co.. 946 Mission street, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where services will
be held at 2 p. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
MURPHY — In San Rafael, October 15. 1904,
Patrick J. Murphy, beloved husband of Eliz-
abeth B. Murphy, and brother of John Mur-
phy and Mrs. Kate Swensen of Sacramento,
a native of Sacramento, Cal.. aged 64
years. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of Carew & English, 25» Van Ness avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NAIL — In the City and County Hospital Octo-
ber 10. 1904, William Nail, aged 40 years.
, NOLAN— In this city, October 16. 1904. Sarah
I Jane, beloved wife of P. F. Nolan a native
of Queens County. Ireland}
tE?"The funeral will take place Tuesday.
October 18, from her late residence 1428
Golden Gate avenue, at 9 a. m.. thence to
Holy Cross Church, Eddy street, near Scott
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Funeral
by train at 11:30 a. m. from Third and
Townsend streets.
O'KEEFFE— In this city. October 15 1001.
' Patrick, dearly beloved husband of'Kath-
erlne O'Keeffe. and father of William An-
drew and the late Mary. Jennie and Eliza-
beth O'Keeffe. a native of County Cork Ire-
land, aged 54 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday) October 17. at 12:30 p. m., from
<? „ ndertaklns P ar lors of Iaccheri Duclos
t; £• Broadway, between Dupont and
Stockton streets. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
P ?i R o RI^^~. In Oakla nd. October 16, 1904 at
619 Thirtieth street. Miss F. V. Perrine.
sister of Susan Perrine and M. J. Perrine of
Fort Bragg, Mendoclno County
STEWART— In this city October 15 1904,
Jane, beloved wife of Henry Stewart, and
mother of Mrs. Laura Bell, a native of Ire-
£?4.T?f " 4 >' ea " ! month and 30 days.
. Ppvlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 2220 Geary street, between Devlsadero
and Broderick. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery by special car on 11 :30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets
TIERNEY— In Oakland. October 14. 10O4
Peter, beloved husband of Margaret Tierney,
and father of Martin J. Tierney. a native of
Galway, Ireland, aged 63 years.
E3"Frlends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 17. at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1616 Linden street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencinn at 9:30 a m In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland
UPP— In this city. October 14, 1904 George
W.. beloved husband of Cecelia Upp, and
brother of Arthur and William . Upp and
1 grandson of Margaret J. Wheeland a native
I of San Francisco, aged 29 years 7 months
and 23 days. A veteran of the late Spanish
war. Company F, First California Volunteers
EyFriends and acquaintances and mem-
! .bers of Company F, First California Vol-
unteers, are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral to-day (Monday), at 1 p m
from 504 First avenue, corner Point Lobos'
Richmond district. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. *-
Officers and members of Journeymen
Butchers' Benevolent Association are re
quested to attend the funeral of our lata
brother. George Upp, to-day (Monday) Octo-
6 Fl'rsfaVe^ue! 1 - frOm hls *te residence,
BEN D.eviPs R Rfc. H Sec RICHARDS -
The officers and members of Rielimr.n,i
Camp. No. 470, W. O. W.. are requested to
attend the funeral of our late nelghVr
I James McGIan. 1 . Henry Hansen^™^
james mcginn & co I
Formerly With McGinn Bros I
— Funeral Directors and EmbalmWs— — I
214 Eddy . st. Tel. South 576.- |
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
60 HEAD TROTTINO-BRED HORSES
TUESDAY EVENING. OCT. 18. ISO*.'
At 7:45 o'clock.
AT 1732 MARKET ST.. Cor. VAN NESS AVB.
Consignments from tho estate of Jess* d.
Carr, Salinas; Hon. W. A. Shlppee. Nelson;
K. O'Grady. San Mateo, and A. F. Eaker.
San Jos«.
CONSISTING OF
Mares. GeldinKS, Colts and Fllllea. by Haw-
thorne. Dictatus Wi!ke«, Hart Boswell. Boodle.
Boodle Jr.. Dictatus Medium and oth»r good
fires, and out of high-class mares. On sam*
evening we will sell a number of two and
three year old draft colts; good Individuals.
Send for Catalogue.
Horses at yard October 15.
FRED H. CHASE A CO .
Livestock Auction<?<?r«.
£* to 5>^
Don't ferjet the h\g tale of TO HEAD OP»
GOOD. CHEAP WORK AND DRIV1NO
HORSES; also a lot of wagons, harness and
surreys. 1140 FOLSOM ST.. TUESDAY. Oct.
IS. 11 a. m. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£& %?» £>
AUCTION SALE of B0 GOOD HORSES and
MARES. WEDNESDAY. October 19, at 11 a.m.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.
Jf>HN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
George "W. Upp to-day (Monday). October
17. at 1 p. m. from the residence of his
grandmother. Mrs. M. J. Wheeland. 504
First avenue. Members please meet at Rich-
mond Hall. Fourth avenue and Clement
street, at 12:45 p. m. Team come in uni-
form.
U. S. SIMOND3. Consul Commander.
J. F. O'RORKE. Clerk.
VAN MOURIK— In Oakland, at 1014 Fifty-
ninth street. October 15. 1904. Nellie, be-
loved daughter of John A. and Emllte Van
Mourik and sister of Josle. Johnnie. Sam
and Rudolph A Van Mourik. a native of
Brooklyn, N, Y. aged 16 years and 3 daya.
(New York City and Brooklyn, N. Y.. papers
please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. at the
family residence 1014 Flfty-ntnth street.
Golden Gate. The remains will be taken to
Brooklyn. N. Y.. for Interment.
WILSON — In this city. October 16. 19OJ. Mary
Louisa, dearly beloved daughter of Walter
and Mary Wilson, and granddaughter of
Mrs. Ellen and the late John Murphy, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months
and 9 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 a. m.. from the residence
of her parents. 117SB Harrison street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
YOUNG— In this city. October 18. 1004. Charles
E.. dearly beloved husband of Annie Young,
and father of Wanda Young, and son- of
Mrs. Clara E. and the late J. R. Youns.
and brother of William, James. Daisy,
Minnie and Ruth Young, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 7 months and 2tt
days. A member of Burners' Union, Lccal
No. 962.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. October IS. at 2:30 p. m.. at his
late residence. 121 Sagamore avenue. Ocean
View. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
ZILLMER— In this city. October 15. 19M,
Adolphine, dearly beloved wife of Gottlieb
Zillmer, and mother of Henry and Dr.
Adolph L. W. Zillmer, a native of Germany,
aged 63 years 10 months and 13 days. A
member of Eintracht Frauen Verein. (St.
Louis papers please copy.)
ICTFriendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 1C09 Mission street, between Sixth
and Seventh. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
andjGuerrero streets.PARIS. Oct. 16. — The annual 100
kilometer race for motor boats at Mai
sons La Fitte. on the River Seine, to
day was attended with a fatal acci
dent the wash of another competitor
swamping the Mercedes I. which sank
mid her engineer, named Noel, was
4-owned. The race, which was not
interrupted by the accident, was won
bv Rape? IV* in two hours and twenty
three minutes, a world's record.
The cricket season of 1904 was
brought to a close ye3terday by a
match between two sides of veterans,
picked up and captained by Henry
Ward and C. Banner. The latter's
side went to the wickets first and
scored forty-two runs, to which Henry
Ward's side replied with sixty-two
rttns. In the second Innings C. Ban
ner's side ran up a score of ninety
eight. Henry Ward's side won by
twenty runs in the first innings.
Veterans on Cricket Field.
Miss M. J. Brown, a typewriter, liv
ing at 23 Tremont avenue, threw her
self into the surf at the Ocean Beach,
near "Shorty" Roberts' place, on Sat
urday morning. She was despondent.
Frank Jammitt, Roberts' cousin,
rushed into the surf- and rescued her
as she was sinking for the third time.
She. was carried to Roberts' house and
after her clothing was dried she was
taken home by her mother, who had
been notified by Policeman French.
Throws Herself in Surf.
The Swedish-American Political Club
gave its grand annual picnic at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. A feature of
the outing was the return by moon
light. Dancing, music, 'refreshments
and games at the various booths made
up the entertainment of the day. • The
committee having charge of the outing
is as follows: A. M. Wollen, presi
dent; Ch. Ramberg, first vice pres
ident; F. O. Tjogen. second vice presi
dent; Alexander Olssan, secretary, and
G. Peterson, treasurer.
Swedish Club Holds Picnic.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16. — The following
San Franciscans have registered re
cently at the California building at
the World's Fair:
* Mrs. A. Kennedy, F. D. Ogden, S. H. Green
berg, Mrs. E. A. Laughria. J. L. Brown, N E
Wheeler. Mrs. H. M. Calkins. E. F. Lindsay
E. A. Thurston, Mm. R. Bouchie, C. Tichner
and wife. K. A. Miller and wife, H. A. Camp
bell. G. Lathrop, C.-H. Phillips and wife J
Newman, J. M. Rowell, P. Rosenthop. C.' M
Howe, I. Buhnler. H. A. Rosenqulst E a'
Sears, Mrs. D. P. Doak. Mrs. J. Wlllard Mrs*
G. Patton. M. Lunaceir, H. Glattll and wife'
Miss M. Starr. Mr». M. Hadenpdelt, W V,''
Rednall and wife. C. T. Hutchinson A F*
Schlelcher. Mrs. C. S. Werts. P. F. bundon'
C. S. Gels, Mrs. W. Schwary, A. N. Lewis'
M. U. Dundon, A. Prlber, C. E. Priber w'
D. O'Kane and wife. F. Griffith Paone' b'
Newman. G. T. Phelps, C. H. Watlzer Mrs'
E. E. Cole. A. B. Cole. E. D. Howe and wife*
W. H. Langdon, Mrs. P. C. Rockwell W i'
Brobeck. W. I. P. Sulwan, M. Currie Mrs'
H. P. Terry. H. Cohnon, A. Glanner, B C
Black, J. C. Nnget. M. BascoerA. Currie Mrs'
E. L. Colnon. T. Wallenson, W. T. McDowell'
People From This City Who Have Re
cently Registered at the Call- *
fornia Building.
The course was measured in the
morning and was found to be 595 feet.
Secretary Genung's protest was not
sustained. He claimed the course
measured more than 650 feet.
An .attempt was made to sail the
Sunday pennant races, but the wind
was too light and the boats failed to
finish inside the time limit.
The model yacht races for the Todd
cups were finished yesterday at
Spreckels Lake. The Apache, owned
by William Roeckner, carried off the
honors. Two weeks ago she won a
final race which gave her two points.
The final race yesterday gave her two
more points and the third final race
was not sailed, as neither of the other
models could make four points. The
Apache beat Todd & Adams' Santee
and O. M. Forrest's Piute in the finals.
The Apache's time was 3:15.
Apache a Fleet Model Yacht.
The yawl Idler, flagship of the Cali
fornia Yacht Club, and the sloop Pac
tolus cruised over from Oakland
Creek on Saturday, dropping anchor
off Sausalito toward midnight.
Vice Commodore H. H. Jenness of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, who
has had the schooner Challenge under
charter for several months past, in
tended to sail her over to the anchor
age of the California Yacht Club yes
terday, but the wind proved too light
and he brought her back to her Saus
alito moorings.
The wind blew from the north yes
terday, and fell so light in the after
noon that some of the Corinthian
yachta were rather late in making the
Tiburon Cove.
A large fleet of boats of the San
Francisco, Corinthian and California
yacht clubs, cruised yesterday out to
ward the heads. Few, however, ven
tured far beyond the Golden Gate, as
the wind was light and there was a
heavy swell. Among the San Fran
cisco yachts under way were the flag
ship Challenger, the schooners Aggie,
Chispa, White Wings and Challenge,
the yawl Witch and the sloops Curlew,
Thetis, Surprise, Ariel, Sappho and
Minnetonka.
Heavy Swell on the Bar Keeps Ama
teur Sailors From Lonjr Trip
Outside.
SAX FRANCISCO VISITORS
AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR
PLEASURE CRAFT CRUISE
TO SEA IN LIGHT WIND
Brooklyn— Riga center, Hurley left guard.
Bullivan right guard. Nichols and Kenedy,
left tackles, Beckhart right tackle. Hellet and
Cahill right ends. McGuire left end. Simpson
and Smith, quarters, Ziska, Jones and Denis
halves, Walfish fullback.
Fort Miley — Ilapp center, Toung right guard,
Hutchinson left ffuard. Lipscumb right tackl ¦,
Corporal Culhanc left tackle. Kaiser riKht end.
HudKon left end. Sergeant Lorney quarter.
Ware riKht half. Cooper left half. Pinto full
back.
The soldier football players of the
Fort Miley team lowered the colors of
the Brooklyn team at the Presidio
athletic grounds yesterday by a score
of 6 to D. Cooper, who played left
half for the soldiers, got the ball on
a fumble in the first half. He ran
nearly the length of the field for a
touchdown. Pinto kicked an easy
goal. -
In the second half the Brooklyns
took a brace. They pounded right
through the boys in blue and in
straight line bucks worked the ball
over the line. Ziska had a hard chance
for the goal kick and missed, leaving
the soldier leading by one point when
time was called. The Brooklyns were
a little shy on team work, while the
Fort Miley boys showed splendid or
ganization. The teams were made up
a.s follows:
J;"v R-« «-4 l.Vir. in Hmlth-s favor; Marius
ilotchklss beat M. Lcp.r. 6-4. 6-.1. 6-3.
Champion Drummond MacGavin
beat George Janes and thereby won a
place in the semi-finals. Marius
Hotchkiss also qualified for this round.
In the upper half. Griffin and Code
will fight for the other place in the
t»=mi- finals. The fourth place in the
semi-finals lies 'between Whitne*- and
Smith. _ ;:.
The match between Grant fcmith
and R. N. Whitney was one of the best
ever played at the Park. Both men
were at their best, and the spectators
were treated to some great tennis.
Smith won the first two sets. After
but two points had been played in the
third set he was seized with a severe
cramp in the leg that made further
play out of the question. .
Smith played as well as he ever did
and Whitney drove in his old-«me
form. Both sets were close, but Smith
had a shade the best of it throughout.
He not only volleyed Whitney's terrific
drives but placed them to the corners-
In the third set. which was started
after 5 o'clock, each had won a point
when Smith was forced to retire De
spite the fact that Whitney and Smith
had agreed to cease playing at .5
o'clock. Whitney claimed he was (en
titled tb the third set by default. W ith
this agreement, which was a verbal
and not a written one. Whitnev, m
pressing his claim to the third set. lays
himself open to criticism. Only tuo
points had been played, and. as Smith
had won both sets, there is no reason
to presume that Whitney would have
won the third.
Fmith beat Herbert Long in straignt
sets. He was at his best, while Long
was off in his play. The latter won
only three games in as many set3. The
results:
Ssome of the best tennis ever seen at
Uulden Gate Park was played yester
day. All of the expert players, with
the exception of Murdock. performed
and the matches were interesting.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— Young Corbett
will depart for San Francisco with his
trainer, Harry Tuthill, to-morrow on
the Twentieth Century limited. He will
stop over in Denver for two days and
will then go on to the coast and begin
hard training for his bout with "Bat
tling" Nelson. He had not decided to
night whether to take "Kid" Broad
along with him as sparring partner.
Young Corbett takes the pledge to
morrow morning to abstain absolutely
from liquor, cigars, cards, betting on
races and other diversions until he fin
ishes his whirlwind fighting campaign.
This includes an encounter with Nel
son, a return fight with Terry McGov
ern, an invasion of England to meet
Jabez White and a siege with Britt.
In his training Young Corbett will
work with a set of apparatus designed
by Professor Sargent, the physical in
structor of Harvard, which tells just
how strong one is and just how fast.
With the aid of an ingenious electrical
contrivance the boxer will be able tc
tell to the one-hundredth part of a sec
ond how fast he is punching and
whether he shows improvement in
training In hitting over a given dis
tance from a given angle. He will know
to an ounce how many pounds of hit
ting power he is putting into his blows
and whether his work is developing
him.
Military Eleven
Defeats Civilians
Brilliant Tennnis
on Public Courts
Ambitious Plans
Of Young Corbett
The last trotting meeting of the
Grand Circuit for 1904 will open to
morrow at Memphis track. In addi
tion to many purses and stakes of
value to be decided, there will be at
tempts on the part of Lou Dillon and
of Major Delmar to lower the world's
trotting record without the aid of a
wind shield or a runner in front, as
were uged last year in all the record
breaking performances. Lou Dillon
has shown faster work this year than
ever before, and should she find good
weather at Memphis the two-minute
mark will doubtless be reached and
perhaps lowered by the dainty Cali
fornia mare. Major Delmar holds the
technical championship, his mile in
2:01% at Lexington track recently
lowering the mark of Cresceus by a
half second. While the names of Lou
Dillon and Major Delmar appear in
the Year Book with the respective
marks of 1:58^ and 1:59%, opposite
them there is an asterisk which ac
companies the records in the cham
pionship tables. This indicates a wind
shield was used in the peformances.
It is to obliterate these stars that Mr.
Billings and Mr. Smathers will start
their great trotters at Memphis next
week, and every horseman is hoping
they will "knock the spots" off their
previous records.
Another big event to be decided at
Memphis is the race for the $5000 gold
cup, one race for which was won by
Mr. Smathers with Lord Derby in 1902
and the second by Mr. Billings with
Lou Dillon in 1903. These events are to
wagon with owners driving. No betting
is permitted on the race.
A feature of the great race in the
Kentucky futurity this year won by
the tiny mare Grace Bond, who trotted
the first, second arid fifth heats all
below 2:10, a feat never before accom
plished by a three-year-old, was the
removing of all her boots before the
last heat. Her opening mile in 2:09%
was easily done, but she tired percepti
bly at the finish of the second heat in
the same notch. Then Alta Axworthy
When the elbow boots were gone
Andrews added a pair of hind shin
boots with scalpers and hock attach
ments to the pile. Then he removed
a patent breeching that was more or
less of a burden for the little mare to
carry. What he had taken off her
made a weight just over five pounds.
This sort of common-sense treat
ment made a. 2:09^ trotter for the
fifth and deciding heat of the race out
of n mare that had tired after going
a little over five-eighths of a mile in
the fourth heat, in which the time of
the winner was 2:13. It won a race
worth $10,000 to the owner of Grace
Bond and it decided the ownership
of something like $250,000 bet on the
race.
Nominations to the Pacific Breed
ers' $7000 Futurity have closed. This is
the richest stake offered on the Pacific
Coast for trotters and pacers and has
been a successful one ever since its
inception. This will be the fifth re
newal of the stake.
won a couple of heats in time that was
relatively slow, 2:ll 1 / 4. 2:13— and prob
ably there was not one man on the
ground who thought Grace Bond had a
chance to win.
When Billy Andrews, the filly's
driver, suggested to J. T. Gatcomb, her
owner, that Grace Bond would. In his
opinion, have an outside chance if a
lot of her heavy boots and trappings
were removed, he showed a far deeper
knowledge of the effect of such para
phernalia on a tired horse than most
horsemen possess.
The move was a Napoleonic one.
Every man who will think the matter
over a little must admit that, to do
any good, elbow boots must be so
firmly fastened that thsy interfere to
some extent with the free action of
any horse that wears them. Conse
quently they are tiring in much the
same fashion, but to a less degree,
than hobbles. As a matter of fact
Grace Bond, a midget trotter, was
wearing elbow boots not because she
needed them, but for the reason that
Gatcomb was afraid she might some
time hit herself.
LOU DILLON IN A RECORD TRIAL
Third round — Cubanoia beat Smiler. 7-4;
Frisky Boy beat Young. Fearless. 10-5; Fair
Tralee beat Prometheus. 4-2; Cascade heat May
Tunison. 8-0; Tom Hurlick beat Don Pedro.
12-0; Icellus beat Choo Choo, 10-7; Young
Johnny Rex beat Reckless Acrobat. 3-2.
Fourth round — Frisky Boy beat CuharWa.
11-ft; Fair Tralee beat Cascade. 19-7; Tom
Hurlick beat Icellus, 4-3: Young Johnny Rex
a bye.
Fifth round — Fair Trafee beat Frisky Boy.
13-3; Tom Hurlick beat Young Johnny Rex.
tf-4.
Deciding course— G. Walsh's Tom Hurlick
(St. Lawrence-Moonlight) beat T. J. Cronin'a
Fair Tralee (Cronin' ¦ Wild Tralee-Falr Lily).
10-6.
Class stake: Third round — Ragged Actor
beat LoreJtta. 17-14; Princess Savoy beat Sac
ramento Boy. 8-3; Vandal a bye. Fair Flying
withdrawn.
Fourth round — Princess Savoy beat Ragged
Actcr. 2-6; Vandal a bye.
Deciding course — T. Jolly's Princrsa Savoy
(Hot Stuff- Lady Nellie) beat T. J. Cronin; »
Vandal (Border Rurflan-Dai»y Hill). 5-4.
Reserve Stake: Fourth roun.l — Old Ironsides
beat Plcadllly, l.H-11; Commercial Traveler beat
Mabel S, 13-8; Vina beat Mis* Lucille. 14-8.
Firth round — Commercial Traveler beat Old
Ironsides. 8-3; Vina a bye.
Deciding ccurse — George Perry's Vina (Con
nemara-Dinah) beat F. Jones' Commercial
Traveler (Pretender-Moonlight). 1S-8.
Open stake: First round— Silver Cloud beat
Fritter. 4-1: Cubanoia beat Idaho Boy, 17-10;
Courtly GiKst beat Annie Ryne, 14-11; Smller
b?at l*ure Pearl, 10-4; Frisky Boy beat Bright
Columbia. 8-«; Lady Menlo beat Water Maid.
7-4; Red Brick N»at Equator. 4-3; Ynung F»ar
ltta beat Little Plunger. 15-7; Fair Tralee b«at
Dear Gaston. 10-5: Rolling Boer beat Tenny
son. 10-5 : Golden Fortune beat Croix D 13-6"
Prometheus beat Thetis. 5-0; Manrn beat Mush
Ike, 9-fi; Cascade beat Real Duchess. 11-7-
May Tunlson beat Sad Sam. 5-2; Clover Bloa
som boat Frw From Flaw. «-l; Tom Hurlick
brat Laboring Bay. 3-2; Aerodh beat Haddina
ton. 4-O; Don Pedro beat Butte City 12-«-
Piker beat Jerry Wright. 10-2; Frank . Dunn
beat Camber. 6-0; Icellus beat Flannigan 13-7-
Choc^ Choo beat Concord Boy. 10-1; Gold Lily
beat Fairy Bell*. 12-1; Lord Melbourne beat
Good as Gold, tt-3; Young Johnny Rex beat
Humboldt. 10-8; Reckless Acrobat beat Mollt*
Mr, 8-5; Rocklin Boy beat Belfast. 18-11.
Second round — Cubanoia beat Silver Cloud.
l»-7; Smiler a bye: Frisky Boy beat Lady
Menlo, 8-4; Toung KearteM beat Red Brick.
UM; Fair Tralee beat Rolling Boer. 8-0;
Prometheus beat Golden Fortune. 6-3; Cascade
a bye: May Tunlson beat Clover Blossom. 11-7-
Tom Hurlick beat Aerodh. 4-3: Don Pedro b«at
Piker. 18-7: Icellus beat Frank Dunn. 7-4;
Choo Choo beat Gold Lily. 5-O; Young Johnny
Rex beat Lord Melbourne. 28-3; Reckless Acro
bat beat RockMn Boy. 6-1.
The coursing at Ingleside Park yes
terday afforded exciting sport for the
spectators. The hares were unusually
strong and many of them outran the
doga and made good their escape.
T. J. Cronin met with some poor luck.
His dogs, Vandal and Fair Tralee. were
beaten in the final of the open and of
the class stakes, respectively. In both
instances they were made strong fav
orites. They led and made the first
few points, but were outworked by
their opponents. Tom Hurlick showed
himself a clever dog by taking the open
stake. When he was placed on the
hare it was nearly impossible for his
opponent to score.
Vina proved the best in the postponed
Reserve stake and easily defeated Com
mercial Traveler in the deciding course.
The betting was unusually heavy
throughout the day and the talent suc
ceeded in getting the best of It, al
though in the finals they lost heavily
on Cronin's dogs. They freely laid 2%
to 1 against the winners. Following
are the day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
Deciding course — George Nethercott's La
Rosa (Gambit-Molsey) beat T. J. Cronln's
Hudson (Fortuna Favente-Golden Russet). 4-0.
Reserve stake — Royal Spirit beat Queen's
Motto. 5-0; Little Dainty beat Stingaree. 14-3;
Hob R beat Advance Guard. 8-3; Real Pasha
beat Story's Sister. 6-4; Concord Tralee beat
Frisco Lad, 9-3: Glaucus beat Frank C. 7-2;
The Delta beat Polka Dot. 14-6; Prompt© beat
Confident. 5-1.
Second round — Little . Dainty beat Royal
Spirit 4-2; Real Pasha beat Bob R. 8-7:
Glaucus beat Concord Tralee. 4-2; The Delta
beat Prompto. 5-3.
Third round — Little Dainty beat Real Pasha.
10-2; Glaucus beat The Delta. 8-6.
Deciding course — E. J. McCarthy's Little
Dainty (Rocker- Gallant Foe) beat M.
Michalik's Glaucus (Emin Pasha-Sweet Nola),
8-4. ¦:'¦•¦
Fourth round — Hudson beat McVey, 17-2;
Valley Pride beat Frisky Barbara. 7-4; La
Rosa beat High Born. 6-4.
Fifth round— Hudson beat Valley Pride. 5-2;
La Rosa a bye.
Third round— McVey beat Orsina, 5-0; Hud
son beat Amandan, 4-2; Frisky Barbara lx>at
Mickey Free 6-4; Valley Pride b*-at Charter
Member, 6-2; High Born beat Haphazard.
8-2; La Rosa b«it Belle Free. 14-7.
Second round — McVey beat Carlow Boy.
12-7; Orslna beat Melllnwood. 3-2; Amandan
beat In Time 5-0; Hudson beat Honest John.
5-4: Mickey Free beat Tom King. 5-4; Frisky
Barbara boat Friendless Boy, 7-5; Valley Pride
beat Full Moon. 8-4; Charter Member beat
Panoche 5-3; Haphazard beat Gambit, 7-6:
High Born beat Oulda 7-6; La Ron beat Lord
Brazen. 8-6; Belle Free a bye. Rector with
drawn.
Class stake — McVey beat Flaunt. 6-0: Car
low Boy beat Runaway Actress. 6-0; Orslna
beat Bright Fortune 9-4; Melllnwood beat Doc
Burns 5-2: In Time beat Pasha Pleasant.
13-9; Amandan beat Tralee Boy, 18-2; Hud
son beat Agile Spurt. 5-2; Honest John beat
Renegade Apache, 4-0; Mickey Free beat Jlga.
maroo 19-2: Tom King: beat Rose of Gold. B-5;
Friendless Boy beat lone Hill, 8-O; Frisky
Barbara beat Miss Brummel. 4-0;; Full Moon
beat Boots. 5-2; Valley Pride beat Imperious,
26-0; Panoche beat Galveston, 4-2; Charter
Member beat Aeolus. 6-4; Haphazard beat
Gold Chain, 4-2; Gambit beat Lost Chord, 6-0;
Ouida beat Sampler, 8-6; High Born beat
Fancy Free 4-0; Lord Brazen beat Red Rock.
6-2- Rector' beat Yellow Tail. 18-2; La Rosa
beat Belle Marie. 4-2; Belle Free beat Apple
Blossom. 6-2.
For a few brief delirious moments at
Union Coursing Park yesterday the
bettors who like to take a chance on
a long shot saw visions of fat pocket
books and good cheer.
The talent installed Little Dainty a
one to ten choice over Glaucus for the
Reserve stake, owing to the latter hav
ing had severe running. To tne evi
dent delight of the pikers Glaucus
scored the first four points. He then
made a drive to kill, but missed and
stumbled. Before he could recover
Little Dainty took possession and
quickly ran up a winning sequence.
La Rosa beat Hudson pointless for
the class event. The day's results with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores fol
low:
CRONIN'S DOGS LOSE
AFTER SHOWING SPEED
GLAUCUS NEARLY WINS
AT A LIBERAL PRICE
Slow flre, 50 yards— Major J. H. Hendy 44.
Captain C. Janaei .il. Lieutenant E. II Corr
41, C. F. Greeninger 42. C. A. Becker 43. T.
P. Lehroann 41. H B. Taylor 41 F. T. Engta
42. C. J. Orton 26. W. Hutxr ;!7. \V. Boruth 25.
R. E. Plomond-;n 22. G. W. Pop* 40, Hoariley
4.1. A. M. Kant 34. F. Uarthels 2i». F. S. Bern
hard 43, M. F.oltz 23. A. B*ard 23 T. L. Con
nolly 24. W. Christmas 21. L. G. Fuller 30, H.
Meyer 11. J. Peters .1:. R. G. Ross S, J. Stein
man 36. J. D. Scovell 30. J. Weimer 3!>. H.
Cramerdins: 6. M. Goldberg St. W S. Frate'r SJ.
Rapid fir<\ 25 yards. ."» »hots tn :n* seconds— -
Major J. H. Hendy XI. Captain C Jans^n 1:1.
Lieutenant E. H. Corr iO. R. <:. Greening^r a>
H. B. Taylor 22. C. A. Becker. 'Zi. F. T. En«l«
20. T. P. Lech ma nn 20. C. J. Orton 17. W. Ba
ruth 14. G. W. Hoatlley 22. R. F. Plomondon
5. A. M. Kant lfi. G. Huge 6. F. Barthels UK
M. Bolta 18. E. S. Bernard 21. A. Hnards 12.
F. L. Connolly 17. W. Christmas 12. P. T.
Coop 7. L. J. Fuller 15. H. Meyor 6.
Troop A. First Cavalry, Second Bri
gade, National Guard of California,
held revolver practice yesterday on the
ranges at Shell Mound Park. Major
J. H. Hendy, Captain C. Jensen and
Lieutenant E. H. Carr were in charge
of the firing squads, Major Hendy act
ing as inspector of practice. The fol
lowing scores were made:
Rapid fire. 25 yards — Major J. H. Hendy 21!
Captain C. Jensen l.t. Lieutenant E. H. Corr
2O. Sergeants R. c. Grainger 20. H. B Taylor
22. C. A. Becker 23. F. P. Engle 2O. T. P.
Lehman 20. C Jorton 17. Corporals W Haber
10. G. W. Pope 17. W. Baruth 14, O. W. Hoad
lt»y 22. R. L. Plomondon 5, A. M. Kant 16.
G. Ruice 6. F. Borthela 19 M. Boltz IS Prl
\nt-s F. S. Bernhardt 21. A. B««arl 12. T. L.
Connolly 17. W. Christmas 12. P. Coop 7 L. J
Fuller 15. II. Meyer «. J. Peters ID. R. G. Ross
». J. Stelnman IS. D. J. Soovel ». J. Werner 17
H. CramerdinB 4, M. Goldberg 2 N J Fr»
ter 1.3.
Troopers Do Excellent Work on the
Shell Mound Park Range.
CAVALRYMEN AT THE TARGETS.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race^ — Colonel Ruppert, Dixie
Lad, Ivan the Terrible.
Second race — Glad Smile, Automa
ton, Optional.
Third race— Miss Crawford, Fossil,
Huzzah.
Fourth race— W. J. Deboe, Dod An
derson, Easy Trade.
Fifth race — Golden Rule. Don
Domo, Nannie Hodge.
' Sixth race — Ethel Barrymore,- Cut
ter, Lady Wilmot.
Condition of the track — Fast.
NEW YORK, Oct. 16.— The racing
scene shifts to Long Island to-morrow.
On its grounds at Jamaica the Metro
politan Jockey Club will begin its au
tumn meeting. The card which it pre
sents suggests midsummer In the class
engaged rather than the beginning of
the end of the season in this State. It
is one which not even the most enthu
siastic nor the most ambitious mem
ber of the young organization would
have dreamed of a year ago. It is add
ed testimony to the fact that in racing
as now conducted with its great public
patronage to recompense the associa
tions and the good purses \o reward
horsemen, there is neither spring nor
autumn,. as these terms were once used
to designate preparatory and waning
periods, but a continuous season ex
tending from April 15 to November 15-
That the sport will continue high
class Is proved by the fact that all the
great stables have made entries to the
stakes and either have their horses
on the grounds or near by. Th« track
is in admirable condition. The day's
entries:
First race five and a half furlongs, purse —
Flyback 122, Austin Allen 115, Blandy 115,
Watertight 110, Sapphire 110. Bill Bailey II
110, Allumeur 107, Jennie McCabe 107. Mirth
i?, SS w 107 A Inc * ns « 107. Zeala 107. Diamond
Flush 112. Red Ruler 102. Priority 102, Foxy 99.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles,
three-year- i»lds and up — Waswift 111 Clover
land 111, Namtor 108. Widow's Mlte'lO6 Ar
nenal 106, Sain 106, Pronta 106, Gravina 106.
Hfglra 103, Arachne l(tt. Homestead 102 M.
5\ Tarpey 104, Silver Dream 102, Monster 100.
Canteen 100, Ascetic 98, Vincennes 98 Brlar
thorpe 98.
Third race, six furlongs, handicap — Reliable
134, Lady Amelia 12S, Gay Boy 123. Mamie
Worth 127. Ascension 110, Cloten 106 Invinci
ble 100, Old England 102. Jack Ratlin 100, Da
mon 97, Oggood 93, Monet 98, Ancestor 95 Race
King 9.1, Crown Prince 95.
Fourth race, ore and an eighth miles, han
dicap. $2000 added— Stalwart 126. McChesney
124. Dolly Spanker 113, High Chancellor 112.
Broomntick 125, Ormonde's Right 110 Mlneola
105, Sonoma Belle 97.
Fifth race, six furlongs, two-year-olds sell
ing—Niblick 107, Foxy 107, Juvenaga 102 Dan
K 102, Goldfleur 102, Monacorder 101, Winches
ter 101. Gotowin 99, Ralbert 98, Iron Heart 97
The Chanticleer 93, High Life 109, R. L John
son 100.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, maiden
three-year-olds — Water Pansy 107, Tide 107
Ben Crocket 107, Trouville 110.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 16. — The races at
Delmar to-morrow attracted the fol
lowing entry:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling,
maidens— Kitty Belle Brooks 110. Stella M 105.
Belle S 105. Katie Crews 105, Pharmacy 100,
Lady Gift 100. Triuinphtresa 100, Bessie Me
100, Mary Maud 100, Aspatia 95, Lady Sellers
95. Telephone Belle 95.
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
selllne— Missile 110. Pepper Dick 102. Little
Corker 102. Jake Weber 102. Lacache 95, Fe
ronla 95. George Vivian 90. Murmur 9O. Hick
ory Corners 90, Mint Bed 90.
Third race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
Braden 110, Jungle Imp 93, Eduardo 90. Terns
Rod 90, Renaissance 90, Edith May 90.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Blytheness
109, Ingolthrift 104, Rachel Ward 101, Miss
Betty 101. Oudon 100. Felix Mozzes 10O, Mont
peller 100, Folies Bereeres «7, Florl 97.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Judge Cantrill 107, St. Daniel 105, Second
Mate 105, St. Wood 105, Orpheum 106, Dr.
Rlley 102. Tribes 97, Noweta 95. Hook Se
Oka 95.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling—
Meehanus 105. Dr. Kier 105, Pierce J 105.
Barca 105, Miss Eon 102. Dawson 102. Drum
mond 102. Frank Rice 100, Bengal 97, Alice
Turner 97, Nath Woodcock 97. Alcom R 92.
First race— Belle S, Stella M. Katie
Crews. "' * "i
Second race — Mint Bed. Feronla,
George Vivian.
Third race — Edith May, Braden,
Eduardo.
Fourth race — Folies Bergeres, Felix
Mozzes, Ingolthrlft.
Fifth race — Dr. Riley, Noweta,
St. Wood.
Sixth race — Dnwson, Dnimmond,
Frank Rice.
Condition of the track-— Fast.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
JAMAICA SELECTION'S.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Blandy, Trapper, Poxy.
Second race — Canteen, Cloverland,
Gravina.
Third race — Crown Prince, Thomas
entry, Cloten.
Fourth race^ — Stalwart, Ormonde's
Right, Broomstick.
Fifth rac* — Gold Fleur, Xiblick. Ju
venaga.
Sixth race — Ben Crockett, Water
Pansy, Trouville.
Condition of the track — Fast.
WORTH ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Oct. ,16.— The entries for
tc-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First race, six furlongs, purse — Vlldo 105,
Herschman 105. Butwell 103. Waddell II 108,
Black Dutch 108, Kinc of Troy 108. Bitf
Beach 108, J. B. Smith 108. Ivan the Terrible
108. Jake Sanders 108. Vonketel 108, Dixie
Lad 108, Palm Tree 108, Colonel Ruppert 118.
Second race, six furlongs, selling* — Glad
Smiles 100. Optional 105, Determination 105,
St. Paula 103, Julia H 106, Federal 106, Peter
to Rockenfkld to Holland. Nordyke to Sheehan.
Ho?an to Sheehan. Hits— Off Thomas o. ort
Kerte 20. Time of game — Two hours and ten
minutes. Innings pitched— By Thomas 1. by
Keefo S. Umpire — Brown.
AFTERNOON GAME.
Tacoma— i Portland—
AB.R. H. P.A. ! AB.R. H. P.A.
Dyl.rf-cf 5 10 1 O.Dren'n.cf 5 0 0 10
Shehn.3b 6 4 4 3 0 McCdy.rf 4 0 0 10
Nrdyk.lb 6 2 6 9 0 Nadeu.lf 4 2-31
Eagan.ss 6 2 3 0 4JMarhl,3b 3 0 0 0 1
Lynch.cf 2 110 0 Holld.lb 3 0 0 9 O
Hogan. rf 3 111 o'Kkfld.2b 4 0 2 2 4
Casey. 2b 3 3 1 3 rf Uunkl.ss 4 0 2^1
McLln,lf 5 1 0 0 •> Kelkey.c 4 0 0 6 O
Grahm.c 4 1 3 10 0 Starkls.p 1 (T 0 0 5
Overall.p 5 0 2 0 2 Butler.p. 1 0 J> J> j^
Totals 45 16 21 27 ~9 ! Totals 33 2 6 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 2 2 3 4 4 0 0 1 x-16
Base hits 3 3 2 4 6 10 2 x-21
Portland ° ° ° J ° i S 2 ?~ «
Base hits 00120200 1—0
SUMMARY.
Errors— Sheehan. Eagan, Nadeau. Rockenfield
(2> Runkle. Struck out— By Overall 10. by
Siarkells 3. bv Butler 2. Bases on balls— By
Overall 4, by" Starkells 3. Wild pltches-By
Overall 2. Hit by pitcher— Graham. Butler.
3alk— By Starkells. Two-base hits— Sheehan
<2). Nordyke (3), Eagan. Graham. First baae
on errors— Tacoma 3, Portland 2. Stolen
bases— Lynch. Casey. Graham, Nadeau. Isor
dyke. Earned runs — Tacoma .. Left on
bases— Tacoma 7. Portland 9. Double plays—
Nfcrdyke. unassisted; Eagan to Sheehan to
Casey; Starkells to Runkle to Holland; Mar
shall to Rockenfield to Holland. Hits— Off
Overall 6. off Starkells 12, oft Butler 9: In
nings pitchfHl-Starkells 4. Butler 4. Overall 9.
Time of came— Two hours. Umpire— Brown.
XEWTOX OUTPITOHES HICKEY.
Close Game at Oakland.
The Seals outhit the Commuters
nearly two to one during the morning
mixup, but at that they could not win.
Lehman's aggregation cinched the con
test in the second by getting four runs
on two hits. They added two more to
this- ere the game was over, thus se
curing a lead and winning by one run.
Graham began to get careless and er
ratic in the sixth and he was replaced
by Schmidt, who pitched some good
baseball. The score:
San Franqisco — I Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A-I AB.R. II. P.A.
VnBn.lb 5 O O 13 O Ganly.rf 4 0 0 0 0
Hldbd.lf 4 0 2 3 O Frnks.ss 3 0 0 13
Waldn.cf 4 1110 Dnlevy.lf 3 1 1 3 O
Meany. rf 4 1110 Schfly,2b 3 10 5 2
ln»in.3b 4 12 14 Krugr.cf 10 0 2 0
And*n.2b 4 12 3 4lStreib,lb 3 0 0 9 0
, Gohnr.BS 3 0 11 2|Devrx.3b 3 1112
Boetgr.c 4 0 11 2'Byrnes.c 2 116 2
Whalen.p 4 0 1 O 3 Grahm.p 2 12 0 3
Sehmdt.p 1 O 0 0 O
Totals. 38 4 11 24 15
Totals. 25 5 5 27 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco. .. .0 0 0 10 2 10 0 — 4
Base hits 11012S80 0—11
Oakland 0 4 0 0 0 10 0 x— 5
Base hits 0 200 1 1 1 0 x — 5
SUMMARY.
Hits — Off Graham S. At bat against Gra
ham 24 Stolen bases — Ganley, Devereaux. Er
rors — Van Buren, Anderson. Two- base hits —
Graham, Hildebrand, Dunleavy. Sacrifice
hits — Kruger 2, Gochnauer. First base on er
rcr — Oakland. First base on railed balls —
Oft Whalen 3. off Graham 1. Left on bases —
San Francisco 9. Oakland 2. Struck out — By
Whalen 1, by Graham 1. by Schmidt 1. Hit
by pitcher — Waldrbn. Schlafley, Meany. Double
play — Irwin to Van Buren. Passed ball —
Byrnes. Time of game— 1:35. Umpire —
Perine.
BATTING FEST AT TACOMA.
Angels Get Two Runs in Eleventh
Round and Win.
SEATTLE, Oct. 16. — In a neck and
neck struggle lasting eleven innings.
Los Angeles won on slow fielding by
Williams at first and Blankenship's er
rors at third. Newton and Hickey
pitched each other to a tie on records,
although Newton was a trifle steadier.
Score:
Seattle— t Los Angeles—
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. PA
VanHn.cf4 1 1 8 0 Brnrd.cf 6 0 0 3 0
Mhler.2b 4 112 2 Flood, If 2 0 0 0 0
Blksp,3b 4 10 12 Ross. If. 2 0 0 2 »
Frisk. If 6 0 2 4 0 J.Pmh.3b 5 12 0 4
Leahy, c 5 0 1 9 2 i Crvth, rf 5 1 1 0 0
C.Smh.rf 5 0 14 0:Brshr.lb 4 0 O 14 1
Hall. «s. 5 0 2 O llToman.ss 5 1 S 2 2
•Wllms.lb 4 0 19 2 Chase,2b 5 O 1 - 3
Hickey.p 5 0 0 1 2. Spies, c. 4 1 0 9 0
!Newtn,p 4 12 14
Totals. 41 3933 11 — — — — ~
I Totals. 42 5 9 33 14
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle OO8OOOOOOO O- 3
Base hits..O 3211100011— »
LosAngel«..0 000030000 2-5
Base hits..O 100140100 «— »
SUMMARY.
Errors— Blankenship (3). Bernard. Chase
(2) Stolen bases — Leahy. Smith, van Hai
tren Toman. Two-base hits— Mohler, Leahy,
J. Smith. Toman. Double play— Toman to
Brashear. Sacrifice hits— Mohler. Hood.
Bases on balls— Off Hickey 4. off Newton 1.
Hit by pitched ball— Williams, Blankenship,
Flood. Cravath. Struck out-By Hickey 8, by
Newton 8. Time of game— 2:24. Lmplre—
McDonald.
'l lie Seals and the Cummuters fin
ished the reeling off of another series
yesterday afternoon at Recreation
Park, when Uncle's followers man
aged to win the second game of the
week, Bcore 5 to 2. The Commuters
played with a strong front on their
own battle grounds in the morning
and got away with that little engage
ment, 6 to o. The series ended with
four victories for Oakland, two for
JSan Francisco and one tied game.
An old-time rally with the bat after
two had been retired in the lifth in
ning put the Seals in lront and there
they stayed till it was all over. That
usual little miscue which wrecks ever
bo many ball games played a leading
part in the run getting and perhaps
Savo the Seals a game which they
were destined to lose.
The score was Oakland 2, San
Francisco 1 when Hildebrand bit off
a single in the fifth. The fans hardly
dared to hope, for two were already
retired and Buchanan was twisting
'em over fast, slow and otherwise.
Waldron raised a little hope by swat
ting: to center and when Meany as
eaulted the sphere right on the i»i«xus
and 6ent it out in Kruger's territory
the fans began to perform like ab
origines.
Kruger was anxious to wing the
ball straight to the plate and in his
haste he fumbled it and then tossed
eo wildly that it got away from
Byrnes. This let both Hildebrand and
Waldron ecore. Had the throw been
any place near the pan the side would
have been retired. Pat Dulled up
«t third and waited only a moment,
lor Irwln came through with another
wallop.
That was the game right there. It
made the score 4 to 2, for the Seals
got another one in the third, when
Joe Corbett lined one out over the
left field fence for the longest drive
seen at the park in years. Joe beat
out a bunt in the ninth and came
around on a sacrifice and another
drive from Waldron's club.
Boettiger. who served an appren
ticeship with Peter Lrohman, was re
ceiving Joe's offerings. His regular
hoodoo followed him. for he was laid
out with a rap on the finger in the
ninth inning. He made a bad start,
piling up three passed balls in the
first inning and letting Francks score
from second. The Seals were not in
condition in the next inning, for the
Commuters sent another one in on a
combination of bad plays.
When Corbett settled down he had
'em all looking backwards. Eight
fanned and the six hits were scattered
all along the line of action. Before
and after the fifth Buchanan was his
usual self and the Seals were buffa
loed to a certain degree. The field
ing- was erratic. Gochnauer being the
king of the erratic kids, with four
misplayp. The score:
San Francisoo — i Oakland —
AB. R. H. P.A-I AB. R. H. P.A.
Van B.lb 4 O O 11 1 Gauly.rf 4 0 0 2 0
Uildeb.lf ft 1 3 1 0Fruks.ss 4 1118
Waldn.ef 5 13 1 O Dunlvy.lf 4 0 12 0
M»any.rT 5 110 O Schlfly.2b 4 0 O 11 2
Irwin. ;>b 4 0 2 3 1 Kruger.cf 3 110 0
Andsn.Sh 4 0 15 4Stre:b.lb 4 0 18 0
Jochr.r.ss 4 0 112 D«vrx.3b 3 0 10 2
Boett«T,c 4 0 0 4 6 Byrnes, c 3 0 0 3 2
i crtxtt.p 4 2 2 0 2 Buchan.p 3 0 10 0
W ilson. C00010.
Totals 32 2 6 27 9
Totals 39 5 13 27 J6
Rl'XS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Francisco... 00103000 1 — 5
Baso hits 102150 1 1 2 — 13
Oakland 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
!;ase hits 1110I11Q 0 6
SfMMART.
Hom» run — Cortwtt. Stolen bases — Hilde-
Occidentals Beat Parnells.
The Occidental Association football
team defeated the Parnell Gaelic foot
ball club in a spirited match at Ninth
and Bryant streets yesterday after
noon by a score of 3 to 0. The victors
were faster on their feet and displayed
the better judgment at critical mo
ments. The teams were made up of
the following players:
Occidentals— J. Taylor. D. Milne, P. Tierney,
Anderson. A. Mathleson. T. Hlggins, Goodlet,
V. Hayes, T. Lydon. M. Grade and W. Evans.
Parnells — P. Barrett, J. Scanlon, H. Calli
nan. P. Scanlon, M. Galvin. E. Murphy, Allen,
J. Murphy. Sullivan. Bradley, Magulre.
Drowns and Tigers Share Honors in
Slugging Matches.
TACOMA, Oct. 16. — Tacoma and
Portland broke even on the day's
game?. In the morning Hogg held the
home team safe after the third inning,
while Keefe was batted for twenty
hits. In the afternoon the Tacoma
players were given a grand ovation by
a crowd of 5000. Starkells was driven
to the woods in the fourth inning after
ho had given twelve hits for a total
of eleven runs. Butler was batted for
four runs in four doubles and two
singles. Overall held the Grays safe
at all stages. Scores:
MORNING OAME.
Tacoma. — j Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Doyle, rf S 1 2 0 0 Drnan.cf 6 2 3 2 0
Fhehn,3b 3 115 1 McCre.rf 4 0 2 4 0
N'ordy.lb 4 119 1 Xadau.If 6 13 3 0
Easan.se 3 12 0 2 Mrehll.3b 6 3 4 11
Casey. 2b 4 1 1 2 2 Hollnd.lb 6 3 4 5 0
McLgn.K 3 0 0 3 1 Rckfld,2b 4 3 2 3 4
Hogan, c 3 0 0 7 4 Runkle.ss 6 2 3 2 1
Grahm.rf 4 0 2 1 OiStanley.c 5 14 7 0
i Thomas. p 0 0 0 0 1 Hogg, p 5 0 0 0 1
I Keefe. p40002
. Totals 48 15 25 27 7
TotaJa 33 8 8 27 14
RUNS AND HITS BY IN~NINGS.
Tacoma 2 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 5
Base hits 413000100—9
Portland 5 0 0 0 4 1 0 2 3—15
Base hits 51125204 5 — 25
SUMMARY.
Errors — Casey, Hogan. Struck out — By
Keefe 6. by Hogg 6. Bases on balls — By
Tfcomaa 1, by Keefe 1. by Hogg 3. Two-base
hits — Graham, Doyle. Drennan (2). Stanley (3),
Holland, Runkle, Marshall. Sacrifice hits—
H^gan, McCreedie, Rockenfleld. First base on
errors — Portland 2. Stolen bases — Graham.
Casey. Holland. Stanley, Drennan. Earned
runs — Tacoma 4. Portland 12. Left on bases —
Tacoma 5, Portland 10. Double plays — Runkle
J. Somers 107, Mlladl Love 107, Baywood 107.
Merry Pioneer 107. Allista 107. Beautiful and
Best 108, Tarn O"Shanter. 110. Fromage de
Brie 110, Louise Elston 110, Automaton 113.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Idle 85. Gloriosa 85, Ahola 90, Lura
llghter 95. Rankln 90. Huzxah 09, Port Royal
104, Coruscate 104, Fossil 109. Miss Crawford
110. (Rankin and Huzzah, Arthur entry).
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
purse — Voila 94, Easy Trade 99, Jigger 99, Lis
sardo 99. Arab 99. Dod Anderson 99, Harney
102, Dutiful 102. Royalty 104, King of the Val
ley 104, Benson Caldwell 104. Ethel Scruggs
104, King's Court 104, W. J. Deboe 107. Treacy
106. Jim Hale 106.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Gold Enamel 62. Capitano 82, Allen Avon 89,
Berry Waddell 97, Monls 97. Gus Heidorn 100.
Alibert 101. Nannie Hodge 101. Don Domo 104,
Scorpio 113. Golden Rule 113.
Sixth race, five furlongs, purse — Broadway
Girl 99. Hattie Weihe 99, Mon Amour 99. Sim
plicity 99. Sparkling 99, Miss Gunn 99. Rosa
Mary Kane 99. Lady Lasca 99, Ethel Barry
more 99, Sis Lee 106. Lady Wllmot 106. Jan
eta 108, Pancreatls 106. Sans Couer 106, Kitty
Rourke 106. Cutter 114.
Medal shoot: First champion class — A.
Strecker. 225, 224; O. A. Bremer. 214, 211; J.
F. Robinson, 208, 197. Second champion
class— C. Meyer. 208, 201; T. J. Carroll. 2f*5;
H. Enge. 192; George Tammeyer. 213: M. F.
Blasse. 206; A. Rahwyler, 196. 192; William
Ehrenpfort. 1«5; P. Jacoby. 178, 168. First
class — M. Kolander, 205; G. M Barley 213
195; W. F. Blasse. 210. 201; A.* Utschig. I82!
181; A. Bertelsen. 174, 158. Second class — E.
Woenne. 192; A. von Wyl, 165; L. C. Babin.
102, ISO; R. Finking, 183. 183; A. Jungblut,
176. 168; A. Studer, 196: F. Suter, 200. 174-
L. J. Reubold. 201. 186. Third class— H.
Scheunert. 187, 180; F. Rlede. 162. 152: F C.
Hagerup, 112; M. Reubold. 149, 145: J. Straub.
189: T. Simmen. 204. 192. Fourth class
George Ahrens. 180: E. Englander. 179. 159;
J. Boiler. 158. 155; William McCracken. 147.
14J; J. Grassner, 137; H. Diehl. 172; F. J
Povey, 195, 188; C. von Hartwig. 196. 177: L.
Wille, 19». 191; A. Brehm. 158. Unclassi
fied—A. Hennings, 192. 150; A. Heiltbrunner.
130, 119. Cadets— F. H. Bremer, 217. 200.
California Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot— A. Rahwyler 280. Chris Meyer 348. W.
F. Blasse 357. Emll Woenne 3»3. O. Imdorf
402. T. Slmmen 431. F. Attinger 548. C. von
Hartwig 5«4, A. Strecker 5&6. E. Englander
628. G. M. Barley t$2S. J. L. Utschlg O>a. A.
Brehm 754. H. Enge 758. A. Bertelsen 810. A.
Ltscblg 870. F. A. Kuhls 871, H. Bornholdt
888. A. Studer 913. L. C. Babln 920. C. von
Wyl 971. H. Diehl 1065, M. F. Blasse 1080. M.
Reubold 1123, George Tammeyer 1154, Otto
Bremer 1205, M. Kolander 1208, T. J. Carroll
1336. U Wille 1338, J. F. Robinson 1424
CadeU— F. H. Bremer 428, H. Becker 2448.
F. Bertelsen 2752.
A. Rahwyler. the centennial cham
pion, was high man in the bullseye con
test of the California Schuetzen Club
with the good center of 280 points. His
nearest competitor was Chris Meyer,
the well known National Guardsman,
who placed 348 to his credit.
In the medal shoot of the same club
Adolph Strecker was the leader of the
first champion class with scores of 225
and 224 rings.
Frank H. Bremer. in the cadet class,
proved he is carving his way to recog
nition in rifle circles by making the
good scores of 217 and 209 rings In his
medal string, a creditable score for any
marksman.'
G. M. Barley, the well known pistol
expert, is still in good form. He shot
four scores and made 92. 92. 91 and 89
each out of a possible 100.
A. Defilippl of the Grutli Club won
the Adam Brehm trophy by making
the best bullseye of the day.
Captain F. a. Kuhls of the Eintracht
Club was the leader of his comrades
in the medal contest, rolling up the fine
score of 424 rings. The scores:
The members of the California
Schuetzen Club, Grutli Schuetzen Sec
tion, Verein Eintracht and Turners
Shooting Section turned out in strong
numbers at Schuetzen Park yesterday
to take part in the monthly shooting
contests of their clubs. The wind and
light were Just what the marksmen de
sired, consequently many good scores
were made.
Pistol target — G. M. Barley. 02. SI2. 01. N>:
G. Tammeyer. 88. 84. 82, 7«; C Meyer. S7.
79; W. F. Blasse. S4; M. F. Blasse. 8a. S2;
M. KoU ruler. J<2, 75: P. Jac«hy. To: L. Reu
bold. 72. 54; F. J. Povey. 75; A. Uennlncs.
t». 61; C. von Hart wig. 63, 4»; J. Boiler. «1.
San> Francisco Turner Schuetzen. monthly
medal shoot— F. ilesserschmidt, 7a. 8«: C.
Abraham. 165. 160; F. J. Klatzl. 155. Ml; M.
Naxel. 94. 119; C. Sagerhorn. 182. 131: C.
Nielsen, 163. 177: A. Jungblut. 171. 181: A.
Furtb. 114. 151; B. Davidson. 158. 164; Cap
tain F. Kommw. 181. 172; J. J. Kuehn. 1US.
131: H. Enge. 212. 1D7: R. Finkinsr. 195. 19*;
A. L'tschlg. 177. 195; F. Atttnger. 109. 1«2: A.
Brehm, 133, 158; Een Jonas. 1S4. 19o.
San Francisco Grutli Shooting section,
monthly bullseye shoot — E. Defiltppl. A. voa
Wyl. G. R. Hauser. A. Studer. L. Hauser. O.
Imdorf. J. Iten. T. Simmen. E. Defiillppi
won the Adam Brehm trophy.
Medal scores: First champion class — A.
Studer 401. Second champion class — O. R.
Hauser 400. T. Simmon »7. L. Hauser 373.
First class— F. Werlen 353. O. Imdorf 353.
Second class— Charles Mueller 338, J. Iten 284.
J. Leutenegger 249.
San Francisco Verein Eintracht. monthly
medal shoot: Champion class — F A. Kuhls
424. First class — W. Ruhser 312. Second
class— F. Eggerllng 375. Third class— F.
Vogt 293. Beat first shot— F. A. Kuhl* 23.
Best last shot— S. Schmidt 21.
Joe Corbett Puts Ball
Over the High Left
Field Fence.
Batting Rally Occurs
|i¥r Two Men ire
Called Out.
lirand. IVvereaux. Kruger (2). Errors — Goch
naiKT <4). Schlaftey, Buchanhn, Devereaux,
ICruger. Two-base hit — Hildebrand. Sacrifice
hits — Devereaux. Van Buren. First base on
errors — San Francisco 3, Oakland 3. First base
on called balls — Off Corbett 2. Left on bases —
San Francisco 7. Oakland 5. Struck out — By
Oortx-ti S. by Buchanan 2. Double plays —
Hcwrtticer to Gochnauer, Schlafley (unassisted).
Parsed balls— HoeltiKer 3. Wild pitch— Corbett.
Time of game — One hour and fifty-five minutes.
Umpire — I'crine.
W. L. Pet.. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma 47 27 .«35 Oakland 37 37 .500
Los Angeles. ?.O 31 .537 San Fran 32 41 AoH
Seattle 39 35 .527'' Portland 27 47 .3S5
• Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Racing as Now Conducted Shows There Are No
Preparatory Nor Waning Periods, but
One Round of Excellent Sport.
Proves High Man in the Contest
for the Best Bullseye Made in
the California Club Competition
Champion Rahwyler's Steady Aim
SEALS BOMBARD BUCHANAN'S ASSORTMENT
AND CINCH CONTEST IN FIFTH.
FIELDS OF HIGH CLASS
HORSES WILL BE SEEN
AT THE JAMAICA TRACK
YOUNG CORBETT COMING WEST TO TRAIN FOR FIGHT WITH NELSON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1904.
FLECTED NATIONAL DELEGATE.—Mat
(••,'«- (-)natan prf*id«»nt of the Carriage Paint
ers' and Trtmimr>- Ix-ca! rm>n No. CO, ha*
heen elected national delegate to tb* American
iteration of Labor Convention.
MILAN. Oct. 1*— The escutcheon of the
Russian Consulate here has been defaced and
half burned. An exiled Russian anarchist U
«us.cected of having committed the uutrajs. ¦
FELL FROM BICYCLE.— Alameda. Oct. 16.
Dr. J. Ferguson of 2316 Eagle avenue fell from
a bicycle this afternoon on Briggs avenue, sus
taining a fracture of the right leg between the
knee and the ankle. - The . injured man was re
moved to his home in an ambulance.' igggggA
FALLS FROM STREET CAR. — John O'Con
nor employed by the Southern Pacific Railroad
and' living at 123 Chase street. Oakland, was
perhaps fatally injured last night on East
•street. O'Connor fell from a Harrison-street
car near Howard street ' and ' sustained a frac
ture of the skull. He ¦ was removed to the
Central Emergency Hospital.
WOMAN'S CIVIC IMPROVEMENT CLUB
MEETING.— Oakland. Oct. I«.— The regular
meeting of the Woman's Chic Improvement
Club will be held at 3 o'clock to-morrow (Mon
day) afternoon at Chabot Observatory, Jeffer
son-street entrance. Business of Importance is
to be transacted, and a full attendance is re
aufrsted.-
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 1 6.— Manager
Morley of the lios Angeles baseball
club announced to-night that he has
signed Pitcher Oscar Jones for the re
mainder of the season. Jones arrived
here to-day from the East. He will
leave for Seattle at once to Join the
team.
Morlcy Signs Pitcher Junes.
11leged attempt to kill her by a man
named Claude Arbuckle at Seattle,
¦who afterwards killed himself, Gladys
Grey says she was not the person, but
that it was another woman by the
same name. She says she was in
Bakersfield at the time, and that she
never has been In Seattle. «
Trapper's OU cores rheumatism and nenralsla.
Druegisu. 60c flask. KJchard & Co.. 406 Ciagr.*
ENDS LIFE WITH GAS. — John Shlppie, an
ex-soldier and dishwasher at the Union Hotel.
012 Mission street, committed suicide last
night. He had wrenched the gas fixture from
Its socket. .¦;¦;; '«;
Burnett'M Extract of Vanilla imparts
a superior delicacy of flavor, try it, use It. .• .
The United States transport Logan,
out from Manila and Honolulu, with
sick and discharged soldiers on board,
arrived In port early this morning and
dropped anchor in the bay. The quar
antine and revenue officials will board
her this morning and later she will tie
up at the Transport dock. ,
Transport Logan Arrives.
When one is afflicted with rheumatism,
to obtain relief as speedily as possible is
the first consideration; take Lash's-Kid
ney and Liver Bitters. , ; ,*. .
R. M. Armer of . 298 Pacific avenue,
who is a bookkeeper for the Western
Meat Company, was held up about
midnight and robbed of 57 in front of
his house. The footpad was armed
with a revolver and told Armer that he
only wanted money. Armer reported
his loss and Detective Bunner was de
tailed on the case. Armer gave a good
description, as the man was not mask
ed It is believed that this marks the
beginning of the winter hold-up sea
son.
Footpad Takes Money Only.
Containing over 1700 in California and every
nerson and concern In business in the State
arranged alphabetically in their respective
towns- also railroad fares, population, names of
all county officials, banking, etc. Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found In a moment that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Suits-Shu
man Company. 738 Mission street, or phone
Black 6473. will bring agent with book for ln
gpection.
Sults-Shuman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
The meeting that was. called yester
day at the Congregation Kenesth .Is
rael for the purpose or organizing a
society for the study of the Jewish
and Hebrew languages was postponed
until later. The speakers of the
occasion, Rev. Dr. Friedlander of
Oakland, Rev. Dr. J. Meyers and
Hon. J. Kahn were there, but ow
ing to there being an unusually
large number of meetings of the same
denomination the attendance was so
light that it was decided to take up
the subject later.
Jewish Meeting Postponed.
PERSONAL.
Dr. L. McCracken of Pescadero Is at
the Grand.
Congressman J. N. Gillett of Eureka
is at the Palace.
Rev. Father I. Kelly of Sioux City is
at the St. Francis.
Dr. J. Goodwin Thompson of OaK
dale is at the Lick.
Thomas B. Dozier, a well known at
torney of Redding, is at the Palace.
Former State Senator A F. Jones
of Oroville is registered at the Palace.
F. Armbruster. auditor of the Butte
County Railroad at Chlco. is at the
Palace.
R H Herron, a well-known oil man
of Los' Angeles, and wife are at the
St. Francis.
L L. Bristol, clerk of the Potter
Hotel in Los Angeles, and his wife are
at the St. Francis Hotel.
Dr W H. Patterson, superintendent
of the Nevada State Asylum at Reno,
is registered at the Grand.
P N. Lllienthal and Sigmund Stein
hart of the Anglo-Californian Bank
left for the East yesterday.
James F. Farraher, an attorney of
Eureka, who ran for Congress against
Coombs, arrived at the Palace yester
day.
Henry W. Lynch of San Luis OblSDO.
Republican candidate for State Senator
from the Thirty-first District, is at the
Grand.
F. M. Clough, general manager of
the Diamond Match Company's inter
ests at Chico and Sterling, is at the
Palace.
L. T. Garnsey. president of the
Los Angeles and Redondo Railway,
and his wife are registered at the St.
Francis.
John J. Byrne, general passenger
agent of the Santa Fe. is up from
Los Angeles and staying at the St.
Francis.
J. A. Murray, banker and mining man
of Butte, Mont., who has a summer
residence at Monterey, arrived at the
St. Francis yesterday. ¦
Captain E. C. Clayton, of the United
States revenue cutter service, arrived
here yesterday from Mobile. Ala., with
his wife. They are staying at the St.
Francis.
R. C. Short, freight representative
of the Lake Shore and Big Four lines
in Los Angeles, is in this city confer
ring with the Pacific Coast agent of
those roads, John A. Gill.
Millionaire J. A. Drexel of Philadel
phia and Lord Vane-Tempest of Lon
don, who have been spending several
days in San Francisco, started for the
East last evening by way of Portland.
Railroad Commissioner Orin Hen
derson will represent California at the
annual convention of Railroad Com
missioners of the United States to be
held in Birmingham, Ala., commenc
ing November 1 5. .. - -
ACTRESS DID NOT KNOW .
OF TAVEXDALE'S LOVE
Gladys Grey Says She Was Not En
gaged to JIarry the
Clerk.
Gladys Grey, an actress for love of
whom James Tavendale killed himself
in. this city Friday night, is employed
as a dance hall maid in the Casino
Theater on K street in Sacramento.
When interviewed last night concern
ing the young man's suicide Miss Grey
said that she had known him for some
time and that she had become ac
quainted with him in tha place where
she is at present employed. She de
nied that she had ever been engaged
to marry him, and expressed surprise
that he should destroy his life for her.
Tavendale was well known in Sacra
mento and lost his last position there
op. account of the bad associations he
kept.
In regard to the rumor of an al-
"The members of the league did not
expect such a demand for seats and
at the first they individually subscribed
to many of the boxes and orchestra
chairs. These, however, were all re
turned and sold again at advanced
prices to our friends and the public
spirited supporters of the league, and
we have been compelled to retreat to
the family circle. Mr. Bishop's thea
ter is of generous capacity, but it has
it? limitations, which I believe will all
be taken up before the curtain is
raised."
lie to the organization's efforts to
raise funds. She said:
Mrs: Gertrude G. Norris, Mrs. Eliza
beth Gerberding, Mrs. Mary Mercado
Bc-ardman. Mies Ednah Robinson. Miss
Jessica Peixotto, Miss Mary Bell and
Mrs. Hilda Hecht Gerstle.
With Mrs. Elizabeth Gerberding as
secretary, Charles Sedgwick Aiken
president and a strong board of direc
tors the Sequoia starts out upon a
promising winter, with many interest
ing stunts up its sleeve.
Already the green room is becoming
a famous tea-table tryst, which will be
tripled in popularity by the Dixon ex
hibit of the week.
One of the vital functions of the
Sequoia Club is the greeting to famous
visitors— and a guarantee that they
shall not be bored goes with the invi
tation to be present. As a matter of
fact, the club is said to be an uncom
fort ble place for bores, be they men
or women.
The following excellent house com
mittee is serving for this term:
To-morrow night the Sequoia Club
will bid "how-de-do" to itself and Its
friends, who will foregather beneath
the club's own rooftree at the St.
Francis. Some mighty interesting peo
ple will be guests at this first of a_
series of Tuesday "at homes," among
whom is Gertrude Atherton, the most
famous Californian of her day. The
night will be doubly auspicious, for
Maynard Dixon will exhibit his
sketches and drawings in the green
room, where the general public may
view them on Wednesday afternoon
and every afternoon and evening there
after until Sunday --.- ...
The exhibit will include the sketches
and paintings done recently by this
clever chap, who knows the desert and
its denizens- as intimately as does Mary
Austin, who paints in words the story
of the great gray waste.
Dixon's Indians are winning recog
nition in the critical East, even as in
his own big West, largely through the
posters done by him for Sunset Maga
zine, showing indisputable boldness of
treatment and a deep insight into the
aboriginal character. In his "Blanket
ed Navajo." drawn for a Sunset cover
some months ago, he won much atten
tion from Eastern folk. In this draw
ing is writ the whole tale of the red
man's wrongs— his hopelessness and his
calm resignation to his fate.
O.VE OF MAYXARD DIXON'S DRAWINGS TO BE SHOWN THIS WEEK AT THE ST. FRANCIS.
Sousa. with a new march, a new
suite, the same old band and the same
old trick of conducting it, came back
to us last night. The AJhambra housed
a handsome crowd to hear him and the
applause was as lively as the conduct
ing. A lively handful of it met him
and continued until Mr. Sousa's swift
descent into the "William Tell." Only
the local respect for Rossini stopped it
there — one so hankered to applaud the
Sousa imitation! It was brilliant. All
the tricks that all the Sousa imperson
ators for all th« time have spread
oxer the vaudeville bills were
there. He plays dumbbells with
his chords and makes pies with his
I-hrase with the best of his imitators.
He plays tag with the trombones and
pats lovingly the flute, as do they. And
he bangs out strings of notes and
scoops tfcein in— Just as Herrmann picks
dollars out of the air — and all the rest,
vith the cleverest of tnem.
In fact, Sousa's conducting is as full
ef quotations as "Hamlet." One would
know it a mile away, anywhere — un
der the nose of the Sphinx at midnight
arid with only a donkey to conduct!
Ah. but it Is the result. There is no
other band quite like Sousa's. One is
sure of that every time one hears it.
And this year there Is to the full all the
irresistible dash and go, the rhythmic
magic, the tonal excellence for which
the band is famed. One got a rare taste
of these in the "William Tell," that
To-night the Majestic Theater will
contain one of the most fashionable
audiences that has ever assembled in
this city, the occasion being the bene
fit for the Outdoor Art League of Cal
ifornia and the attraction "A Japanese
Nightingale." The family circle will
contain as many richly gowned not
ables of society as the first floors, for
to sit in the "peanut gallery" 13 taken
as a lark for this occasion..
Mrs. -Lovell White, president of the
league, is much gratified with the re
sponse that has been made by the pub-
"Arizona" was revived at the Grand
Opera-house last night. The great
frontier play was appreciated by one
of the largest audiences of the sea
son. Its, popularity was attested at
every thrilling scene, and curtain calls
marked the end of each act. The cast
was a good one, though the perform
ers are practically unknown here. The
play affords each of the principals a
good chance to star. Escamillo Fer
nandes as Tony, the Mexican, made a
decided impression when his opportu
nity arrived. He Is admirably fitted
for the part, and his quaint actions
and still quainter ways of expressing
himself made a great hit with the
crowd. James Kirkwood as the master
of the great Arizona farm, acted the
bluff frontiersman to perfection, and
May McCabe, as his wife, had many
chances to please the audience. Carol
Arden. as Bonita, and Francis Justice,
as Lieutenant Denton, were the center
of admiration in every act. and both
carried off the honors well. The play is
billed for a run of two weeks.
• • • -' : , : »'"
Entertaining numbers follow one |
after another at the Orpheum this j
week. The new acts are all good and
the holdovers are the pick of last |
week's bill. The biograph picture which \
concludes the performance is a sur- i
prise in its termination and is one of i
the best ever thrown on canvas in this !
city. Five men "blow" a safe in a bank
and, after an exciting attempt to es- j
cape, during which they are closely i
pursued, lose two of their number. As I
a last resort they steal a locomotive j
and. while skimming over the rails, j
meet their fate in collision with anoth- j
er iron machine. The collision is en
tirely unexpected and the picture of it |
is perfect. When steam and smoke are '
cleared the scene of the two engines is j
shown, both masses of twisted steel
and splintered wood.
Josephine de Witt is above the aver
age as a violinist and vocalist. Her |
selections are good and she is heartily
applauded. Sinon and Paris open in a
novel act as "droll Greeks of olden ¦
times," and introduce their work in a I
manner that wins them favor. A par- ¦
ticularly well educated dog plays an '
important part in the act. Tec-how's ;
cats are just as popular as when they ;
appeared in this city two years ago. !
The little animals do marvelous turns !
and there is not a hitch in the act.
"A Xight in Venice," presented by !
three Italian vocalists and musicians; j
"Conversational Oddities," by J. A.
Murphy and Eloise Willard; "Twisted
and Tangled," a laughable sketch by
HIckey and Nelson; "Her Last Rehear- i
sal," by Lewis McCord and company, ]
and Julius M. Tannen, as an imper- j
sonator of stage favorites, complete the
show.
* * *
"A Texas Steer" kept a great audi- !
ence laughing last night at the Califor- !
nia Theater from the beginning until '
the fall of the curtain.
It is played by a company which j
brings to the whimsical comedy a flush :
of life and vim that would have de-|
lighted the lamented author, Hoyt, in ¦'
his most exacting moments. Harry B. j
Emery is the Maverick Brander, and a
stronger or better portrayal of the part
could not be expected. Will H. Bray '
gives a splendid picture of negro char- j
acter as Christopher Columbus Jr. I
Fishback, the irrepressible colored poli
tician.
Bray created this unique character
years ago, and never has it been ade- ;
quately presented by any other actor, j
There is not alone the humorous side j
as given by Bray, but the actor with !
keen subtlety quickly turns from the |
ludicrous to so much genuine pathos as !
to set the audience a-thinking of the i
woes of poor political office-seekers in i
that great center of political life — i
Washington. D. C.
Miss May Stockton's Bossy is so clev- ]
er that one might rightly imagine the !
part had been anticipated for her by \
the author. The three terrors from Tex- \
as. Major Yell, Colonel Bragg and I
Colonel Blow, played by E. M. Kim
ball, Henry Brewerton and J. F. Maher,
were picturesquely Texan and formid
able. The quartet rendered its num
bers so weil as to receive no less than
ten encores.
"A Texas Steer" as played at the
California last evening well merited the !
approbation given by the amused audi
ence. Mason and Mason come to the
theater next week.
Miss Estelle Slebling, soprano, sup
plies this year the usual vocal back
ground for the band. She does a little
more than that, however, and used a
rather good voice rather well in
"Nightingale Air" from "Marriage of
Jeannette," by Massi. Miss Jessie
Straus is the violinist and possesses
agreeable temperamental gifts and
technical accomplishments. She gave
a clever rendering of the Hauser Hun
garian Rhapsody.
BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
Another new number given last
night was the "American Character
Sketches," by E. R. Kroeger, pictur
esque and characteristic as to all but
the first "sketch." Grieg's "Parade of
the Dwarfs," written for the piano,
goes excellently with the band, as also
a transcription of Heller's A flat Taran
telle. The most interesting movement,
however, was the Wagner "Proces
sional of the Knights of the Grail,"
from "Parsifal," that was admirably
conducted and played. It lends itself
with large effectiveness to the resources
of the band.
After that came Herbert L. Clarke,
without whose cornet playing Sousa's
band would hardly be Sousa's band.
Sir. Clarke brings a "Valse Briliante"
of his own this year, and gave a beauti
ful and brilliant performance of the
piece. The new Sousa suite followed,
"At the Court of the King." in three
movements— a gavotte measure, a kind
of valse noble and a stately finale.
Rather of the made-to-order fashion
these sounded, particularly when com
pared with the "El Capitan" march,
still rattling good stuff of its sort, that
followed. Mr. Sousa's new march is an
other 6tory. "Jack Tar," as it is called,
will be on half the local pianos within
the week, and deserves to be. It com
pares with the best of the Sousa
marches.
swung to its spirited climax with the
fire of a Mascagni reading. And for the
encore Mr. Sousa did not keep us long
waiting. With his quick, courteous lit
tle bow he had "The Stars and Stripes
Forever" going in an obliging second,
ajid after it "The Dolls."
King of Music Comes With "Jack Tar"
and Pleases With "Parsifal"
Movement,
SOUSA BRINGS NEW
MARCH TO THE CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1004.
Sequoia Club Will Hold First of a Series of "At
N Homes" To-Morrow Night.
MAYNARD DIXON'S PICTURES TO BE SHOWN
12
___ ADVERTISEMENTS. —-——«—^^
1^^^^ Monday, October 1 7 S/ I
SILK DEPARTMENT
We are now showing a very large and complete line of
Silks in black, plain and the most exclusive fancy patterns,
also the very newest styles in Fancy Velveteens, suitable
for Fall and Winter wear.
FANCY VELVETEENS
An excellent quality of the new chiffon finish, in a fine Eng-
lish Velveteen, in shades of brown, gray, navy, castor and green ;
22 inches wide.
75C YARD
Extra heavy and a very soft English Velveteen: colors jjuar-
anteed absolutely fast. Suitable for handsome walking suits for
winter wear; shades of brown, navy, gray and castor; 24 inches
wide,
EXTRACT VELVETEENS S/ '°° Y^RD
Beautiful effects in the new extract Velveteens, made to take
the place of the metal prints of last season and far more popular
by reason of their durability; 22 and 24 inches wide,
75c AND 85c YARD
Lining Taffetas Dress Taffetas
20-inch BLACK TAFFETA; 20-inch BLACK TAFFETA
Swiss manufacture; yard 60c (Bonnet make) 85c
21-inch BLACK TAFFETA; 23-inch BLACK TAFFETA
wear guaranteed: yard. . . .. . . 75c (Bonnet make) $1.00
23-inch BLACK TAFFETA: 2I . inch BLACK TAFFETA
wear guaranteed; yard »oc / r ¦ f m,v<^ «1 2S
36-inch BLACK TAFFETA; iGu ™ t ™vY:'rr''vxvZl'^
extra heavy quality; yard. 91.00 ""inch BLACK TAFFETA
27-inch BLACK TAFFETA; (Gurnet make) 91.50
spot proof; wear guaranteed 22-inch BLACK TAFFETA
.....; $1.25 (Girard make); yard ?S.OO
Fancy Silks for Shirt, Waist* Suits
A large assortment of neat checked LOUISINES and TAF-
FETAS, especially adapted for handsome silk shirt waist suits,
in shades of brown, green, tan, gun metal, navy and castor; 19
inches wide.
75C, 85C AND &1.OO YARD
COLORED MESSALINES
THE NEW PLAIN SILK FOR DRESS WEAR — Hand-
some luster; soft satin finish, very durable, in rich shades of
navy, brown, .gray, goblin, castor, reseda and champagne; also
white, ivory and cream; 20 inches wide.
75C YARD
NEW VELOUR. CLOAKINGS
Genuine English Broadtail Velour, Persian Lamb V»Iour
and Beaver Broadtail Velour. The very latest material for
handsome coats and jackets, in shades of gray, castor and black;
50 inches wide.
PRICES S8.OO, S8.5O AND StO YD.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED
New -, _ I Feather
to 0f&i4tCV, *>*L
!s&§S HI to 121 Post Street ?|'S
each.
ADVEKTISEMEVTS.
BQWEN
&CO.
Completely equipped
House-Furnishing De-
partment — the latest
culinary cooking uten-
sils—only first class
articles sold here.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
October 17, 18, 19
Cheapness is not regulated
by what you pay, but by
what you get.
Tea-All flavors, Bee Ceylon 40
reg'ly £Oc.b, 2 lbs 75
Tub Butter-Creamery lb 27j<
Pasha Blend Coffee 30
reg'ly 35c b 2 lbs 55
TomatoeS-2.'i lb cans 3 for 25
Alcald.% :eg'.y Si. 20 djz
Potted Beef-reg'ly 15c can 10
California wines and olive
oil stored in New York City,
direct delivery to your
friends and relatives.
Royan Sardines 2 for 20
reg'ly 15c can
Boneless Sardines 27#
reg'ly 30c can
Pin Money Pickles- #pt20
reg'ly 25c, 40c, 60c, pt 30 qt 50
TamaleS-1. X. L, reg'ly 12&c can 10
No. 1, Bontlrs>, patent open-r
AsparagUS-reg'ly 30c can 25
Enough for four
French Wine Vinegar 20
Imported in wood from Bordeaux 55
reg'ly 25c bot. 75c gal
Excelsior Java and
Mocha Coffee
A blend of the finest old
coffees the world produces,
37^c lb, 5 Ib can, $1.95.
Smyrna Figs lb 25
First of the season
Frankfurter Sausages 15
Fresh every day, re^'ly 20c Ib
Club House Cheese
Rich flavor sml 10 jar, Ige 30
Curry Powder-Vencatachdlum
Genuine Bombay, reg'ly 15c bot 12y>
Toilet Soap-American 3 cakes 20
Colgate, Kirk, reg'ly $1 doz doz 75
Canned BeetS-Oneida Community
regiy $2.75 doz 3 for .50
Bromangelon-re g 'iyi2Mc 10
JellO-ree'ly 10c 3 f or 2 5
Cocoanut-Schepp's Zl)/z
Fresh stock, reg'ly 30c ib package
Talcum Powder-Coigate - 15
WhlSky-Bull Do? reg'lyjl.25qt 1.00
Rye or Bcurbon, 10 yrs old
Whisky-McBrayer.Cedar Brook 1. 15
reg'ly $1.50 bot, j6 gal 4.: q
Port-Private Stock 5Q
Health i onic, reg'ly 75c bot *2.50 gal 2.
Cognac-F. o. p. 1>15
Hennessy, reg'ly $1.50 bot f6 gal 4.50
Todd's Famous Vir-
ginia Hams
Benedictine #ptcopt 1.00
reg'ly 75c, 51.15, $2.15 bot qt 1.90
IrishWhisky-iSiar Killy croy) !
Gin-Dry-Old Tom J SV
Distillers' Co., Ltd., reg'ly $1 bot
Curacao-OoJgard's 1.50
Orange, reg'ly $1.75 Ige stone jug
New Goods Arriving
Mammoth Spanish olives, Bar
le Due currants, German cheese in
cans, raisins in 2^Ib cartons, pre-
served ripe mango, Swiss milk
chocolate, paradise nuts, figs.
'"___ ADVEin :iSKMKXTS^ _^
\ '1% W H1 a I
ISiillf Harvest Time I
M&W ¦ :¦ TWs Week I
|3yjg|i V-' For the Economical Buyer of I
$fa257|| , For we've made some deep cuts in prices, which %
V^J^"' will make those who come here to buy, go out W
(£**jfcl smiling. So watch our ADS, for they will in- g
cT^sr - terest you. Here are a few of our specials: B
«r^Nv/ Sheffleld'g Dentifrice.. 14c DanAerine GOc »
ftrtar Mennea'B Powder. ...lite ItUterino 58c H
Trtk Packer'* Soap ... ...14c Citrate of Mafmeala (pure and H
Vf Pear's Soap... 9c „ f ««n «very mornlngr). . .lOc ¦
r£& . _ _ _ _ . nn Borax, id. .' S«» S
\-M « • & Q< S0a ?V •••••••• 22c cod Oil (re*. 75c per plnt).«Oc %
n fl Scott'g Emulsion 75c Wine of Cardnl. . 7,"ie B
%U Castoria 28c Miles' Narviae 8Oc fl
..) Bromo Seltzer. ........... ..8c Munyon'a Paw Paw 8Oc fl
(,,'/¦¦>. Dnffy'i Malt ". .' . .". .¦ 712c Harlem Oil, 6 for : °5c »
N&2 Bath; Cabinets (the test made) Arnica Tooth Soap.*. . .*. . .".14c M
N^\ ~ * * '. •••••• $3.f>O 2-Qt. Water Bottles (rer. 60c) ¦
Oia Berplclde ...7Sc 50c fl-
yK Largest assortment in the city of Trusses. 1
rps?) / Abdominal Supporters,^Electric Batteries, Shoulder E
Vsj Braces and Silk Stockings, at cut rates. Our Pho- fl
W tographic Department contains everything in Pho- ¦
$v tography— A free Dark Room for our customers. «
14 SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO MAIL ORDERS. J
# i No-Percentage Drug Co. 1
g 949-951 Market Street. 1
Jf The largest Cut-Rate Drug Store on the Coast 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0JJMiir^WHBffiMTIIH>rV'inVfi'irtlL5ti^
World's «v # I
Record l^rirAC I
BreaKingJL A lX*^«3 |
Dinner Sets |
Chin* I
Crockery |j
Glassware |
Ornaments §
Prices never so cheap I
Need the room
for I
New Holiday Goods I
Come early j
just to looK. j
Great American Importing Tea Co.
Money Saving Store. Q
'861 Market 213 Sutter 2733 24th K
140 Sixth 210 Gr*nt ave 1419 Polk :
475 Halsht 1S19 Devtsadero 7C5 Larkln j
3285 Mission 3006 Sixteenth 148 Ninth
20CS Flllmore 521 Montg'y av» 355 Hayes f
368 Third 2516 Mission 52 Market I
469 Fourth 206 Third |
&%l@cu£aAiwm>
f Perfect Fitting Qp {
Eyeglasses c^
At Moderate Cos! (\
V 642 St
Mellin's Food — an infant
food without an equal except
Mothers Milk, a food that feeds,
a food that gives satisfaction, a food
that has been used for many years
with best results. A food that makes
the babies grow strong. Send for a
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.