PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1904.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 129.
KINGSTON. St. Vincent, Oct. 6.— The
captain of the British steamer SIbun,
which arrived here to-day, reports that
when the steamer passed the Island of
Martinique, on September 30, Mont Pe
lee was in furious eruption. The spec
tacle was witnessed by those on board
the Eibun at 2 o'clock in the morning
of the day mentioned, the volcano
emitting stupendous black clouds and
balls of fire.
Mont Pelee in Violent Eruption.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— An order
has been issued at the Navy Depart
ment, detaching Commander Nathan
Sargent from duty as a member of the
General Board of the Navy in this city
and directing him to command the
cruiser Baltimore, now in the Suez
Canal on her way to the Asiatic Sta
tion to replace the cruiser San Fran
cisco as flagship of the cruiser squad
ron. Commander Sargent will sail
from San Francisco about the 25 th in
etant. He will Join his ship In Chinese
waters. x
TTIIJ Sail From Here at End of Month
and Join Ship in Chinese
Water*.
SARGENT TO COMMAND
THE CRUISER BALTIMORE
WILL BE COJIMISSION'ED
BEFORE HER TRIAL TRIP
MUST HANG FOR MURDER r
OF S. E. DAMON, THE BANKER
Quick Justice Meted Out to Jose Mi
randa* Who Killed the Hawaiian
Financier.
HONOLULU, Oct 6. — Jose Miran
da, the Porto Rican. who on Septem
ber 27 murdered 6. E. Damon, a
banker of this city, has been convicted
of murder in the first decree, with
the penalty fixed at hanging. Miran
da ¦will be formally sentenced next
Monday.
Usual Order to Be Reversed tn the
Case of the Protected
Cruiser Chattanooga.
WASHINGTON, Oct 6. — Contrary
to the usual practice, the protected
cruiser Chattanooga, soon to be tried
off New York harbor, will be commis
sioned before her trial trip in order
that the Government may man her
with a regular navy-crewl,. The Chat
tanooga was contracted for and partly
built at Elizabethport, N. J.» but was
taken over/by " the Government and
completed at the navy yard. New York.
The trial 'of the Colorado has been
set for October 26 and the trial board
will convene at Boston, October 24.
GIVES LARGELY OF HER
WEALTH TO CHAR1TTES
elapsed before the panic subsided. The
whale appeared badly injured and ca
reened around the tug and ship as if
dazed or angry- Finally It dived and
was seen ru> more.
LUNATIC IS ARRESTED
FOR ANNOYING PARDEE
3IcKEE*S FATHER CALLS
STORIES OF ROMANCE "ROT*
Insane 3Ian Prowls About Governor's
Mansion Seeking Escape From
Pursuit of Lynchers.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 6. — Joseph F.
Heers. a harmless lunatic, was arrest
ed to-night for annoying the occu
pants of Governor Pardee's home by
lurking about the premises and dodg
ing from tree to tree as if fleeing from
an enemy. He said somebody at Al
turas tried to hang him and he wished
to • apply to the Governor for protec
tion.
Win of Mr«. Osden Beqneaths Nearly
S22.O.OOO to Worthy New York
Institntlon*.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Mr3- Mariar.ua
A. Garden, widow of William B. Og-ieru
whose death occurred on September 23
last at her country home at Lenox.
Mass.. by her will disposes of a large
fortune of her own and aiao that por
tion of her husband's estate in which
she had a life interest, -the whole
amounting to several million dollars.
Mrs. Ogden's charitable bequests con
sist of $200,000 to the Araot Ogden Me
morial Hospital of Elinira. and S50Q0
each to the Society for the Relief of
Destitute Blind, the Mary's Free Hos
pital for Children of thi3 city and the
Southern Tier Orphan Home of Elmira.
WASHIXGTOX. Oct. S. — Henry A.
Taylor has been appointed postmaster
at Lebec. CaL
New Postmaster Appointed.
* Heavy Gale Visits English Coast.
LONDON, Oct. 6.— An equinoctial
gale of some severity visited the Eng
lish coast during the night, but up to
the present no serious damage has been
reported. . A few fishing boats have
been wrecked and four men drowned.
Ridicules the Talk That His Son I- to
Marry 3Ir*. Hash
TctIs.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6. — "It's rot, ab
solute rot," said Sellara McKee to-day,
when asked if there was any truth in
the rumor that the departure of his
son, A. Hart McKee, and Mrs. Hugh
Tevis for Europe on the Baltic on
Wednesday would result in the couple
getting married abroad.
"Why don't they leave my son
alone?" he continued, referring to the
newspapers. •They'll have him mar
rying his mother, next. He went away
to be quiet and .to grve the ' notoriety
that has been " forced upon him a
chance to subside."
Miss Cameron uses three fingers on
her right hand and two on her left.
She does not use the "touch" system,
which consists of writing without look
ing at the keys, and her record is con
sidered the more notable because she
must alternately glance at the paper
from which she Is copying and at the
keyboard.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. — Miss Mary
E. Pretty, who broke the world's rec
ord several days ago b*' writing 22,000
words on a typewriter in a day, has
lest her laurels. The new champion is
Miss Olive R. Cameron, one of her
fellow clerks in the Interior Depart
ment, who received a long record to
copy. In seven hours she had written
23,000 words. About a year ago she
wrote an average of sixty-five words
a minute, now she averages 128 a
minute.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CODY. Wyo., Oct. 6. — Reports re
ceived from Yellowstone National
Park tell of the horrible deaths of two
employes of or.e of the ,hotel3 in the
park by grizzly bean", which are be
coming so numerous within the park
confines as to be a menace to tourists
Because of the strict rules against dis
turbing wild animals within Govem
irent reserve*, the bears have multi
plied ur.til they ar» very numerous.
Several days ago two employes of
the hotel, while several miles from
home, were attacked by grizzlies. One
of the men wa« Instantly killed, while
the other was so badly mangled that
he died the day following. Park
guards are said to have been com
pelled to shoot several bears lately in
ord*r to save their own lives.
Employes of Hotel Encounter Grizzlies
in IK?«*Tve, and Are Slain
by Animals.
The blaze was among a dozen kegs
of sawdust In the hull of the big war
ship. A line of hose was run down into
the bottom of the vessel and the flames
were soon extinguished. The officers of
the shipbuilding company were notified
of the fire on the Washington, and a
rigid investigation will be made to
morrow morning.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 6.— There was
a mysterious blaze on the United States
cruiser Washington, which is in course
of construction at the New York Ship
building Company's yard in South Cam
den, just before midnight. While there
was no damage of any consequence,
the fire, small as it was, aroused not a
little apprehension among the several
hundred persons who flocked to the
shipyard when the alarm was sounded,
particularly when the attempts to in
jure the battleship Connecticut were
recalled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Woman in the Inter
ior Department Breaks All
the Becords for Speed
PUEBLO, Colo., Oct. 6.— Q. T.
Perry of Santa Cruz, Cal., was struck
by a switch engine in the union sta
tion yards to-day and badly injured.
Several ribs were broken and his head
was badly bruised, and it is feared
his skull was fractured. He was re
moved to the Mercy Hospital, where
it was reported to-night he probably
will recover.
His wife was with him and is at his
bedside. Perry and his wife were on
their way home from St. Louis. Per
ry was standing on the track In the
yards and did not hear the engine.
Returning Visitor to Fair Struck by
Switch Engine In Colorado
Towm,
SAN JOSE, Oct. «.— Mrs. Harry Ber
covtch. wif» of a well-known tobacco
merchant of this cfty. lost a chamois
bag containing 1 JtOOO worth of diamonds
this afternoon at Alum Rock Park. For
fear her Jewels would be stolen shs car.
ried them in her purse. It is believed
she left them in a dressing-room at the
park.
On her .way horn* she missed the Jrw
els. and at once got off the car and tel
ephoned back to Alum R<-ck. but they
had been picked njp by some na^.
The police and Sheriff's office are
working on the case. The diamonds
were in rinses and a sunburst.
BEARS IX YELLOWSTONE
PARK KILL TWO MEN"
Blaze on the Washington, in
Process of Construction,
Will Besiilt in Inquiry
TACOMA. Oct. 6. —The German bark
Alderberan. which just arrived here
from Antwerp, struck a. mammoth
whale twelve miles off Cape Flattery.
The vessel was In tow of the tu? Lorne
at the time. No one had noticed the
whale, which «seemed to have been
either plowing its way just beneath
the surface, or else making- a sudden
rise to blow. The force of the shock
was so great that the crew thought
the vessel had struck a rock, and came
tumbling out of the forecastle. Some
of the sailors began sliding down the
towllne to the tug. The impact sent
the vessel on her beam, and some time
Special Dispatch to The Can.
SANTA CRUZ MAS BADLY
HURT IX RAILROAD YARDS
Sp«dxl Dispatch to Tie Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— One of the
most important of the recommenda
tions which will be made to Congress
at the coming session will be included
in the report of the Commissioner Gen
eral of Immigration. It has long been
the belief of Sargent that the immi
grants landing at the great ports of
this country, particularly New York,
should be encouraged to make their
way into tbe West and South, instead
of remaining in the cities. The "West
n-eds immigrants to till Its soil and
the South is at a great disadvantage
for lack of the proper sort of labor.
Italians, Poles, Austro-Hungarlans,
Russians and similar classes prefer to
remain in the cities. Xew York, Chi
cago, Philadelphia, Boston and other
great cities are overcrowded with them
and they are not generally considered
valuable citizens.
Just what Congress might do to di
vert the tfde is not stated, but the
Commissioner is of the opinion that
inducements could be offered to new
comers to work the desired end.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WINS LAURELS
ON TYPEWRITER
Leaves Purse Full of
. Diamonds at a
Resort.
Congrress to Be Asked to De
vise Way of Distributing
New Comers From Europe
Impact Stakes Bark
and Dazes me
Whale.
FIRE ABOARD
NEW CRUISER
IMMIGRANTS
FOR THE WEST
SHIP RUNS
INTO A BIG
LEVIATHAN
MERCHANT'S
WIFE LOSES
HER JEWELS
FORMER FXORODORA GIRL. ACCUSE!) OF THE HURDEB OF CAESAR
YOUNG WHO BROKE DOWN IN PRISON* YESTERDAY. HER INABILITY TO
SECURE BAIL BRINGING ON AM ATTACK OF NERVOUS PROSTRATION.
Conductor Costello aa«l Brakeman
Ewing then went down the track look
is? Cor him and found him crawling
cp the middle of the track on his
bands and knees. They picked him up
ar.d carried him to the Sparks depot.
v>r» he was put or. the switch en
gine and brought t«? Reno. He was
rn*t at P.ino by Drs. Thoma and Mor
risrn and his wounds were dressed-
Lat^r he was sent to the Railroad Hos
pital at San Francisco.
RENO- Oct. 6.— H. R. Bowman, a
Southern Pacific brakeman, fell from
the top Of a west bound freight at the
east switch of the Sparks yard last
night and sustained injuries which will
make him a cripple for life. His right
feet was caught under the wheels and
¦was mangied In a terrible manner, and
th» toes of his left fo.-t were crushed
BO nad!y that th«>y will hav* to be am
putated. He was walking across the
train when he slipped and fell. The
ether members of the <?rew did not
knew cf the accident until after they
had pulled into the station at Sparks
and h~ failed to renort.
In the automobile when the acci
dent occurred were five women and
four men.
Where Jerome avenue *»nds the
roadway takes a sharp turn and the
automobile did not slacken for ,thi3
curve and struck the fence with a ter
rific crash.
'Engineer Livingstone threw on the
brakes as soon as posslole, but not be
fore the wreckage of the car had been
carried some distance.
The body of Albert Noyes. chauffeur
of the wrecked machine, was found
underneath the pilot of the engine hor
ribly mangled. At 3 o-cicck this morn
ing one of the injured women was iden
tified as Anna Smith, aged 17 years.
This made a total of three dead, one
of whom, a woman, is still unidentified.
NEW YORK, Oct. 7. — While speed
ing along the Bronx early this morn
ing an automobile containing nine
persons went off an embankment at
One Hundred and Sixty-first street
and Jerome avenue and two persons,
a man and a woman, were killed. The
machine fell on the New York Central
tracks and the wreckage was struck
by a southbound train.
3Iachine Goes Over Embank
ment and Chauffeur and
Two Passengers Are Killed
Sjerlal Dispatch to The Cail
Brakeman, Horribly Hurt by
Being Run Over by Trail/,
Displays Great Courage
NEW YORK, Oct.'6. — Believing that
she will be rewarded by a permanent
cure by divine power, Victoria Kop
wicz, 26 years old. has fasted for .four
weeks. She has become weakened and
emaciated from the self-imposed ordeal,
but declares she intends to abstain ab
solutely from fond for another four
weeks.
"It is no sacrifice to make for God,"
she declares to those who try to in
duce her to eat, "I will not eat. I will
keep faith with God and know he will
keep faith with me."
Her desire to be freed from the at
tacks of asthma, which render her
unfit to <?arn her living, is the only
reason she gives for her action, except
that the ordinary methods and medi
cines did not help her. and she decided
tc o»Il upon God for relief. She ha*s al
ways been of a strong religious nature.
Her neighbors visit her every day, but
she will not discuss anything with them
unless it is of a religious nature, de
claring that she does not believe she
should talk on ordinary topics while
she is seeking a spe-ial favor of God.
'"I prefer for my solution a special
kind of coagulated milk, but it is hard
to obtain. A substitute consists of
ordinary milk boiled and skimmed. To
this is added a quantity of my Bul
garian bacilli, abounding throughout
the Balkans. The taste Is agreeable,
but sugar may be added to suit partic
ular palates. Two bowls at a tempera
ture of 72 degrees should be taken
daily. If taken regularly many years
may be added to one's life, while the
remedy is also an almost certain cure
for dyspepsia and anemia."
"Thus far we have simply declared
that this remedy destroys what we
might call the intestinal flora which
ar* notoriously abundant in pernicious
microbes. In this way we arrest "the
gradual putrefaction of our bodies.
PARIS, Oct. 6. — Professor Metch
nikofTs new youth bacillus, based on
Pasteur's theory of the existence of
beneficent as well as of Injurious mi
crobes, continues to excite half de
risive interest in the scientific world.
Metchnikoff is indifferent to this feel
ing. He is certain he has discovered
the long sought secret of indefinite
longevity. In a statement to-day he
said:
Ep^claJ Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dtsratch to Th« Call
FOOTLESS MAN
CRAWLS FOR AID
Germs Gathered in the Balkans and
Taken in Milk Solution Said
to Do the Work.
Failure of All Remedies -to Help Her,
Combined Witt Religious Nature ;-'
Responsible for 'Action.
Though Weak Sie Will Not
Eat, Expecting Relief
From Astima.
Asserts Tiat His Bacillus
Will Add Years to
One's Existence.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 6.—Con
trary to general expectations, the rep
resentations submitted to Russia by
the United States for the recognition,
without discrimination, of American
passports have not been entirely
fruitless. Foreign Minister Lams
dorff's response, communicated to Em
bassador McCormlck to-day, even cre
ates the hope that something may act
ually be accomplished. After receiv
ing consideration at the Foreign Office,
the American note was referred to
the High Commission for General Re
vision of Passport Laws, which was
created by imperial ukase in December,
1503. All matters relating to pass
ports and the exclusion of the Jews
are governed by the international laws
of the empire, and the question Is out
side of the direct field of diplomatic
negotiation.
By referring the representations of
the United States, compliance with
which would involve a modification of
the passport laws, to the commission,
which body is competent to act there
upon, a decistpn of the question may
be direct!? rr»iv-t«cL^ AlP.^fBct»l "orTft*"
Foreign OfRcA J has been appointed by
Count Lamsdorff to sit with the com
mission, thus insuring consideration of
the international aspect of the question.
Moreover, the commission will sit
under the direction of the Minister of
the Interior, and Kmbassador McCor
mick, who had an extended talk with
Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky. the Minister
of the Interior, upon the subject this
evening, found him. as might have been
expected from his recent public utter
ances, quite sympathetic. Indeed,
there is reason to believe that the
plan to refer the subject to the com
mission was previously arranged at a
conference between Count Lamsdorff
and Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky.
Considering that .this is the first time
the Russian authorities have not de
clined to entertain American represen
tations upon this question, the present
response to Embassador McCormick
may be regarded as another signal
proof of Russia's desire for friendly
relations with the United States.
Frenchman Certain!
He Can Prolong
Human Life.
Asking Cure From
God, She Abstains
From Food.
ODESSA. Oct. 6. — Never despairing of
trally sec-ring Turkey's consent to the
passage of the Dardanelles by the
Elack Sea fleet. Russia has intimated
tr> the Sultan its inclination to support
his Majesty's desire to alter the Otto
man law of succession to the throne.
Th» Sultan's dearest wish is to be suc
ceeded by his son. whereas the law re
quires that the eldest member of the
reigning family shall receive the crown.
Thus two younger brothers of the Sul
tan, three sons of Sultan Abdul Aziz
and Sultan Murad's sons all stand be
tween Abdul Hamid's sons and the cov
eted prize.
The Russophile party in Constantino
ple is numerous, influential and well
supplied with Russian money. Conse
quently the Embassadors of other
states than Russia maintain a cease
less •watch to keep the Czar from ob
taining everything he wants.
Sprciai Ei«?«tch ta The CiIL
Efforts of This Country for Full Recog
nition of Passports May at
Last Bear Fruit.
Enhssadors in Constantinople Keep
ing Close Watci on the Actions
of Russian Emperor.
YOUNG GIRL
FASTS FOR
FOUR WEEKS
DEATH RIDES
IN FAST ADTO
" 'Nan/ ** said the gray-haired father,
"I am doing all I can to find a bonds
man for you, but we don't seem to be
able to get one who will go on such a
high bond. But let us hope that we will
be successful very soon."
Assistant District Attorney Rand an
nounced some time ago that he would
not place Miss Patterson on trial as
long as her brother-in-law, J. Morgan
Smith, is in hiding. The prosecutor
says that he expects to prove by Smith
where the pistol came from with which
Young .was killed. It is declared by
Miss Patterson's lawyers that they do
not know where Smith is.
•j. , "I 1
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— "Nan" Patter
son, the "Florodora" girl indicted for
the murder of "Caesar" Young, a book
maker, collapsed in her Tombs cell to
day. She was suffering from nervous
prostration and her heart action was
said to be extremely low. Miss Patter
son's father was summoned to her cell
and was admitted by Warden Flynn.
"Nan" Patterson is a changed wom
an, for imprisonment has told upon
her. The disappointment when she
failed to secure her release on ball
greatly worried her.
Patterson found his daughter In a
state of nervous collapse, and the ma
tron said she had not taken any nour
ishment during the day. It is feared by
her father that unless she is released
she will become a physical wreck.
Sp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
In Return Would Help Place
tie Ported Son on
tie Tirone.
Reason to Believe Better
Treatment Will Be
Given Jews.
Father Fears She
Will Become a
Physical Wreck
Overtures Made by
America Well
Received.
CLAIMS HE
HAS SECRET
OF YOUTH
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 6. — San Francisco has been awarded a gold medal for
her display in the Model street at the World's Fair. No public announce
ment of this has been made, but the superior jury has upheld the group
jury and its a^ard is final. It was known from the expression of pleasure
made by the minor jury at the time it viewed the contents of the San Fran
cisco buildir.gr that it would award an important prize to the exhibit.
In addition to the gold medal for the general display, a silver medal
has been awarded to the Merchants" Association of San Francisco for its ex
hibit of an isle of safety, convenience station and device for restraining
crowds during parades. A special bronze medal has been awarded J. W.
Erwin for his lectures.
It is possible that California will take the first prize for apples, and
she is almost sure of the first prize for pears and almonds.
jt _ 1
Anxious to Send the
Fleet Through the
Dardanelles.
Prison Life Tells
on the Former
Florodora Girl
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jury of Awards Impressed by Exhibit
of This City on Model Street.
"NAN" PATTERSON IS ILL
Breaks Down in Her Cell in the Tombs
HER HEART ACTION LOW
CZAR PLANS
DEAL WITH
THE SULTAN
RUSSIA MAY
TAKE DOWN
THE BARS
SAN FRANCISCO WINS
GOLD MEDAL AT FAIR
THE WEATKEB.
roncut made at San rran
c:»co for thirty noun ending
siidniffht. October 7:
Saa Trancisco aad vicfciity—
Saowen Friday: fresa south
west wind.
G. K. WH.X.SOJT.
Ztocal Forecaster.
Temporarily la. C2iarre.
T32 THnATTTg*!
Alcazar— "Camilla."
Califorala — "The Tenderfoot."
Ceatral — "Dealers la WMta
Womea."
Ci. -t e s — "Vand evUZs.
Colombia — -Tie Ofict Boy."
yisci.er'» — "Uowa.tlie Iita.*."
Or*a<l — Tori Stata Palis."
I,yrtc Hall — "Everynr*3."
Majestic — u Tfce Henrietta."
! . Crpkenm — Vaudeville.
I Tivcli — "The Serenade."
The San Francisco Call.Hop Market Still Soaring.
COLUSA, Oct. ; 6.— The Republican
delegates from Glenn. Lake and Co
lusa .which "compose the
Twelfth Assembly District, met here
last night and 'nominated - Ernest Wey
iand;of; Colusafor'-ithe 'Assembly.?;
Weyand Choice of Republicans.
Theodore A. Bell, Henry C. Gesford and
C. A. La Rue. Enlightened Democrats
are beginning to think that it is about
time something should be done to save
Bell. from his friends.
Every Thursday^ night hereafter a
smoker will be held at the headquar
ters of the Republican County Com
mittee, 16 Geary street. A ' musical
programme will be rendered and. a
good time is promised all that may
come to enjoy and discuss the politi
cal situation. "
Commissioner Lefflngwell appointed
William Alvord, president of the Bank
of California, of 2548 Jackson street,
to act as a Republican ballot clerk in
the Fifteenth Precinct of the Forty
first District; Joseph D. Grant, presi
dent of Murphy. Grant & Co.. residing
at 2200 Broadway, a Republican bal
lot clerk in the Tenth Precinct of the
Forty-first District; James D. Phelani
capitalist. Seventeenth and -Valencia
streets, to be a Democratic ballot
clerk In the Second Precinct of the
Thirty-fifth District. : - : :• -
The proposition discussed informal
ly by the Election Commissioners be
fore their meeting last Wednesday
night to compel a few millionaires to
act as election officers at the election
next month was carried out yesterday.
Commissioner Leffingwell stated that
the subject was taken up In a jocular
way at first, but -the Commissioners
afterward thought it would b« a pood
idea to have prominent citizens serve
on the election board and notices were
sent to seven of them informing them
of their appointment.
There are some thirty vacancies on
the boards in various precincts and
the commission will continue making
appointments thereto until they are
all filled. The Election Commission
ers say that they have been subjected
to so much criticism lately that they
desire the services of representative
citizens to supervise the conduct of
elections. Three of the Commission
ers met and each selected those who
will be called on to serve on the elec
tion boards.
Commissioner Voorsanger appoint
ed M. H. de Young of 1999 California
street to act as a Republican ballot
clerk in the First Precinct of the For
tieth Assembly District; W. W. San
derson of 2504 Leavenworth street to
act as a Democratic judge Jn the First
Precinct of the Forty-first -District
Commissioner Devbto . appointed
Maurice Block, a. grand Juror, of
8032 Washington street,' a Democratic
inspector in the Sixteenth Preftinct of
the Forty-first District; F. 3. "Devlin
of 2302 Devisadero Btreet a Democrat
ic inspector in the Fifteenth Precinct
of the Forty-first District. ' '
Notifies Seven Prominent Citizens of
Appointment as Ballot Clerks .
for November 8.
EJECTION BOARD CARRIES
OUT ITS LITTLE JOKE
VALLEJO, Oct. 6.— At a meeting
held here to-day of Democrats repre
senting the Fifth Senatorial District,
composed of Xaoa and Solano coun
ties, James W. Reams of Napa was
nominated for Joint Senator.
Reams Is Given Nomination.
NAPA CAMPAIGN OPENED.
Congressman McLachlan and Duncan
E. McKinlay Address Voters.
NAPA. Oct. 6.— The Republican
campaign was opened in Napa to
night with a great street demonstra
tion, speeches at the Opera-house and
a liberal display of fireworks and red
lights. Several selections were ren
dered by a glee club of twenty voices.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 6. — The Repub
licans of San Benito and Santa Cruz
counties are in a quandary. There are
three certificates of nomination for
Senator from the Twenty-ninth Dis
trict on file with the County Clerks of
these counties. Two of them certify
that S. H. Rambo is the choice of
the delegates who met in convention
at Redwood City and Santa Cruz. The
third belongs to Christian Hoffman,
who claims to be the only bona fide
nominee for the office by right of the
nomination given him by a convention
of opponents to Rambo held in Santa
Cruz.
The Republican State Central Com
mittee has been asked to settle the
dispute.
State Central Committee Asked to Set
tle Santa Cruz Dispute.
TOO MANY NOMINEES.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Mrs. C. F. Starke, Miss A. E. Suther
land, Miss J. A. Rigley and Miss Mary
I. Geary.
Miss Josephine M. Hopkins, a proba
tionary teacher In the department, was
transferred from the Jean Parker
Grammar School to the James Lick
Grammar School, vice Miss Josephine
E. Frank, transferred.
The Excelsior Homestead Progressive'
Association called attention to the over
crowded condition of the Monroe
School, resulting in many of the pupils
receiving but half a day's instruction.
Attention was also called to the bad
drainage, and the petition for relief was
taken under advisement.
new State elementary history has been
delayed.
T.OS ANGELES. Oct. 6.— Mrs. A. O. BerK.
wife of a merchant tailor of thla city, rommit
ted suicide here this morning by cutting h*>i
throat with a, razor. She had but recently
been released from the Highland Asylum for
the Insane and fear of being returned there
Impelled the act.
E. J. Livernash, candidate on .the
Democratic ticket for re-election to
Congress from the Fourth District, de
livered a campaign speech yesterday
at noon at the dock of the Oceanic
Steamship Company. A crowd of
men engaged in various callings • of
the sea listened attentively to his re
marks. In view of the fact that he
was addressing men who depend
largely for a livelihood upon the
trades of commerce, he directed' his
talk chiefly to matters affecting them.
In oart he said:
Believing that we should have fleets of mer
chantmen coming and going where we have
only individual ships far between, I have
devoted much" of the last two years to a study
of the merchant marine problem, and in the
session of Congress which closed in April I
spoke and worked for legislation designed to
restore our vanishing flag to the Seven Seas.
When the merchant marine commission bill
was under consideration in the House of Rep
resentatives I offered an amendment requiring
that in addition to the proposed inquiry affect
ing ships the Marine Commission should In
quire into the conditions affecting seamen.
The amendment was adopted, and it was in
pursuance of that amendment that the Marine
Comminslon when in San Francisco recently
took evidence as to sailors, stokers and others
employed on ships. Evidence of the same sort
has been taken by the commission wherever it
has held hearings, and when Congress reas
sembles in December this evidence will be
laid before it and be made the basis for action
of some sort on behalf of seamen.
Desiring that ships, of American register
should carry cur trade with the Philippines,
and knowing of the large idle American ton
nage in this country, and especially in this
port. I urged in AVasnington that there should
be no deiay whatever in making the coast
wise navigation laws of the United States ap
plicable to the Philippines.
Continuing, Mr. Livernash said that
with the Idea, of advancing the Ameri
can merchant marine . he stood in
Congress for making the coastwise
laws immediately effective in the case
of the Philippines, rather than five
years from 1904, as some proposed, or
two years from 1904, as others de
sired, and that when the choice was
between deferring until 1906 or defer
ring until 1909, he was one of the
three Democrats that aided In pre
venting the adoption of the 1909 limit
by the House. Mr. Livernash also said
that he, SDOke and voted in Congress
for continuing the mall pay for Amer
ican ships, which had enabled. lines to
maintain superior service between this
and certain ' foreign" ports. .
; In conclusion he * cbinted to his
labors In •Congress to put an end to
the practice of employing on Ameri
can ships Chinese not entitled to en
ter the United States. Mr. Livernash
will deliver other speeches to work
ingmen during the noon hour
throughout the campaign.
Timothy Spellacy, chairman of the
Democratic State Central Committee,
visited headquarters last evening and
took note of the progress of the
campaign. Spellacy still maintains
that he sees a chance for his party
in California in November, but just
yet he Is not quoting'flgures. He says
the Democratic campaign will liven
up in a few days and then the people
will be supplied with reasons why
they should support Parker and Da
vis.
GRAND JURY EXAMINES
ELECTION OFFICERS
Probe Frauds, But Take No Action.
•.-Indictments Found Against -Al
leged Lodging-house Swindlers.
The Grand Jury devoted a part of
yesterday afternoon to investigation of
the primary election frauds, calling
before them the election officers who
served in Precinct 73. No action
was taken, however.
if. The members of the precinct board,
who Fairfax Wheelan declared under
oath would have permitted a man be
longing to their faction to cast a bal
lot even if he registered as Julius
Caesar of the Catacombs, Rome, were
William Podd, C. N. Silverstein, Al
Goetjen, L. S. Carson, W. J. Foster
and Charles E. Merrill. They will con
trovert the testimony of Wheelan by
testifying, that Charles Wyman, ac
cused in the Police Court of ballot-box
stuffing, did not vote the name of S. H.
Mann. They fleny participation in
high-handed conduct at the polls.
Two indictments we're returned by
the Grand Jury, one against Joseph
McMillan, charging him with lodging
house swindling: and the other against
an associate named Stafford. J-TA
scheme of stuffing lodging-houses and
then selling them at high prices has
been operated In the city for several
months.
Testimony was taken concerning
complaints against Thomas S. Burns,
a notary public, and a Captain Lukes,
said to be a retired naval officer, of
having swindled eight men out of $100
each in : selling them an interest in a
fake mine in Honduras. The men
were to work the property and a di
vision of profits was to be made. No
tary Burns is alleged to have vouched
for the project. The witnesses in this
case were William Hunius and M.
Hunius, two of those victimized.
ELKO. Oct. 6. — At Elko early
this morning Senator Fairbanks made
his first speech of the day and the
only speech he will make until he
reaches Ogden, where he will speak
to-night. He spoke from the rear
platform of the "Edgemere" and, early
as was the hour, had a large audience.
Senator Fairbanks addressed him
self largely to Democrats, contending
that Republican policies are better
calculated than Democratic policies to
protect their interests. Speaking to
the wool growers, many of whom re
side in this comumnity, he asked them
if they were not more prosperous un
der the present tariff law than they
had been under the Wilson-Gorman
law, by which wool had been put on
the free list. Some one in the crowd
responded in the affirmative.
The Senator spoke also of President
Roosevelt, declaring that not since the
time of Washington had there been a
President who had better administered
the affairs of the country than had Mr.
Roosevelt.'
Senator Smoot of Utah, who had
come aboard the train at this point,
also spoke a few words before the
train pulled" out as did Senator Ful
ton. • All the speakers were loudly ap
plauded and three tremendous cheers
for Roosevelt and Fairbanks and the
Republican ticket were given as the
train moved away.
Delivers Early Morning Address to
Residents of Elko.
FAIRBANKS IN NEVADA.
The Woodland Democrat's allusion to
the "bird cage" at the Veterans', Home
is something that may' afford special
delight to one class of Bell's supporters.
The officers' cottage on the home prem
ises, which is presided over by, an esti
mable German lady, the mother of five
children. Is a place that is occasionally
visited by the wives and daughters of
the officers and directors. The innuendo
contained in the appellation "bird cage"
is obvious.. The modest hospitality of
the cottage Is extended to the national
and department commanders, to the
national ' board " of managers and to
"many other guests. „ "Among ; leading
Democrats of < Napa" County ; who ; have
broken bread , at the cottasre table . are
"Vulgar and intemperate personal
abuse rather aids than hurts a candi
date before the people for political of
fice. Mr. McKinlay will suffer no harm
— In fact, he will gain rather than lose
votes — as the result of a stupid effort to
belittle and besmirch him. Mr. McLach
lan of Southern California will likewise
suffer no annoyance by ridiculous and
disparaging personal remarks put forth'
in Ignorance and malice."
Some of the Democratic comments
are amusing. For instance, the Wood
land Democrat fancies that Bell ought
to be re-elected to Congress because he
closed the canteen and diminished the
the death rate at the Veterans' Home.
The Democrat accepts as gospel truth
a statement made to the little coterie
of delegates which nominated/Bell at
Santa Cruz that a great falling off in
the death rate had followed the closing
of the canteen. The truth Is that there
were five deaths at the home In July,
1903, when the canteen was open, and
six in July, 1904. when It was closed.
There Is practically no change, in this
respect. The veterans who want whisky
and feel that they must have it get It
at the saloons In Yountville. If Bell
could close all the saloons in the State
and wholly prohibit the sale of liquor
the death rate might be diminished, but
he cannot lower it by forcing a thirsty
veteran to walk a mile to get his glass
of grog.
THE "BIRD CAGE."
Concerning the vicious attacks on
McKinlay the Sacramento Union say's:
The Democratic campaign in the Sec
ond District has reached a deplorable
state. It has descended to vile attacks
on Hon. Duncan E. McKinlay, who
was nominated by the Republican con
vention in response to the almost uni
versal demand of the people of the dis
trict. The Republican nominee is mak
ing a splendid campaign, winning sup
porters wherever he goes. The large
meetings and the spontaneous enthu
siasm in support of his candidacy at
test his popularity. The people indorse
him as a leader who will worthily rep
resent the Important district in the
next Congress. ¦ •¦¦'
The Democratic nominee in the Sec
ond Is explaining, explaining and ex
plaining. He explains why he had the
canteen abolished. He explains that he
is not a prohibitionist and not an en
emy of protection. In all his explana
tions he does not explain why. he re
gards President Roosevelt as a dan
gerous man. The Republican news
papers of the district are insisting on a
definite explanation of his views in this
respect. The party alignment in the
Second District is clearly defined. *rbe
Republicans will vote for McKinlay and
the Democrats will vote for Bell..
VICIOUS ATTACKS.
SECOND DISTRICT.
The Congressional campaign in Cali
fornia grows decidedly interesting. The
Democratic party is making a desper
ate effort to gain control of the next
House of Representatives. A gain of
sixteen Congressmen will give that
party such control. Messages come
from Democratic national headquarters
that the party must not lose a seat in
California, but according to trust
worthy reports from the State the peo
ple of California intend to elect eight
Republican Congressmen, which result
will diminish rather than increase the
Democratic strength In the next Con
gress.
A. Caminetti, the Democratic nominee
for Congress in the First District, is
telling the miners that if he is elected
the so-called Caminetti act will be
amended so that miners on the little
mountain streams may be permitted to
work. The candidate practically ac
knowledges that the act which bears
his name is of no value to the miners.
The Republican State Central Com
mittee is taking care to inform the
voters of the First Congressional Dis
trict of the fact that when Caminetti
got his bill passed the House and Sen
ate were Democratic and a Democratic
President sat in the White House. If
Caminetli was then incapable of fram
ing and securing the enactment of
legislation favorable to the miners
what could he do in the next Congress
as a member of the minority. The Re
publican committee and the miners of
the State size up Caminetti as a false
alarm. In the First District Gillett
will beat him out of sight. The" miners,
farmers, lumbermen, merchants and
worklngmen generally resDect Gillett
for his manliness,' his" integrity, his
strength of character and his devotion
to the true interests of the district. If
Caminetti has any amendments to in
troduce he should draw them -up and.
present them to Hon. J. N. Gillett. c
McKinlay 's Splendid Fight
in the Second Commands
Applause of the People
E. W. Weeks of Iowa was elected sec
retary and W. G. Porter of North Da
kota treasurer.
The selection of a time and place for
the next convention was referred to the
executive committee. The California
delegation wired from Texas that It
was held up by a flood, and on behalf
of Los Angeles asked for the conven
tion.
The executive committee reported
several amendments to the constitution,
among which was one prohibiting the
payment of salaries to national of
ficers. Another amendment places the
work of the national officers under the
supervision and direction of . the Na
tional Executive Committee.
. The . executive committee announced
Includes Frederick Rule of Los Angeles.
Thirty daji remain in which . to further
arouse and inspire the voters of the land. It
Is urged upon every club of the league and
upon-every Individual, whether first- voter or
veteran, that direct and personal interest be
taken in the polling list of the various dis
tricts; that the names of doubtful voters and
of young men casting their first ballots be
carefully noted; that whenever possible they
be connected with existing Republican clubs
or encouraged to organize new ones.
It It further resolved that the delegates to
thla convention be Instructed on returning to
their respective States and Territories to con
fer Immediately with their league officials and
Republican State and county chairmen to the
end that harmonious and vigorous efforts for
the micce«a of the national ticket be fully and
speedily advanced. • "
Resolved, That the incoming president of
the National Republican League be authorized
and directed to confer with the Republican
national chairman with a view of Inaugurat
ing Immediately after this convention on co
operative lines a thirty-day campaign club
organization among the first and Independent
voters of the United States.
APPEAIi TO ALL VOTERS.
Witness their efforts to compromise upon the
question of protection to American labor; wit
ness the silver-voting Parker professing tha
gold standard; witness the acknowledgment of
the Panama canal; witness the feeble efforts
of Democracy to wriggle away from Its respon
sibility upon the question of trusts; witness
the formation of constitution clubs In the East
in contrast with the constitution-breaking
clubs in other parts of this country.
This convention assembles at a time when
the glaring weaknesses and inconsistencies ot
Democratic arguments can best be portrayed.
Having done nothing, our opponents have
nothing to present. They are In business only
to find fault with those who do something—
sarcasm and ridicule, like the envy which fol
lows success, are their stock in trade. We
have no fear they will deceive the Republican
anu Independent voters of this land, but be
lieving in the power of organization we earn
estly declare the imperative necessity that de
volves upon every Republican of casting his
vote upon election day for the maintenance of
Republican principles. No citizen should evade
that solemn task; no true Republican will.
The right of suffrage la the highest privilege
as it is the highest duty of the citizen.
Representing the Republican clubs of the
United States this convention, therefore, re
spectfully directs the attention ot the two
millions of volunteer workers who compose
It to the great Importance of active, energetic
and aggressive campaign work. It Insisted
that no Republican club man shall take for
granted that victory is assured; his duty and
that of his friends he may Influence is not
finished until the polls shall' close on the 8th
of November. , .
DEMOCRATIC INSINCERITY.
Full three months have elapse* since the
representatives of both great parties mada
their profession of faith and their declaration
of principles. The people have been mada
acquainted with the record and achievements
of . the Republican party and Its standard
bearers,- and they have listened to the criti
cising ' and pretensions of the opposition. On
the one hand it has been shown that the Re
publican administration has accomplished much
and labored long for the welfare of the people
and our industrial and commercial relations
at home and abroad; on the other hand, it
has been i argued by the representatives of
Democracy that whlla the country has pros
pered and good has come to the people In
domestic and material advantages It has been
due more to Democratic opposition than to
Republican advancement. The burden of
proof against the party In power has been
wholly with the party of contention, the
Democratic party.
Weighing carefully all the arguments ad
vanced In the name of patriotism, or in the
art of politics with Intent to reach a correct
Judgment. • this convention Is unabla to find
wherein anything has been shown by the
Democratic party to Justify a change of faith
on the part of a single Republican. On the
contrary, it has been demonstrated In many
ways and in the vacillation of the Democratic
candidates that they are seeking merely the
confusion of Republican voters by laying claim
to established Republican doctrines and by
contending for honors which rightfully belong,
In spite of Democratic .obstacles, to the Re
publican party alone.
The National Republican League, in bien
nial convention assembled In the city of In
dianapolis October 6 and 6. hereby ratines the
platform of the Republican party adopted by
the national convention at Chicago June 22,
1004. and Indorses the Hon. Theodore Roose
velt of New York, nominated thereon for
President, and the Hon. Charles W. Fair
banks of Indiana, nominated thereon for Vice
President.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— At the
opening of the second session of the
National Convention of Republican
Leagues to-day President Moore an
nounced that the election of officers
would be the first business. The names
of President J. Hampton Moore of
Philadelphia, Scott Bonham of Cincin
nati and Dr. J. H. McFatrich of Chi
cago were placed before the convention.
The nominating speeches displayed
some feeling.
Frank P. Lindsay of Kansas, H. T.
Leafitt of Nebraska and Alfred E. Lunt
of Massachusetts, campaign organizers
of the College League at the Western
Republican headquarters, said the lack
of organization in their States was due
to the failure of the national president
to devote attention to them. The first
two seconded Dr. McFatrich's nomina
tion and Lunt supported Bonham. They
charged that there was a cut and dried
programme to re-elect Moore. Judge
C. J. Gallenkamp of Kansas warmly de
fended President Moore from the criti
cism of the other speakers. Harry B.
Kirkland of the College League also
criticized President Moore, and charged
that there was an election slate to con
tinue the present officers in power.
The ballot resulted: Moore 793 2-.5,
Bonham 267 2-3, McFatrich 249 2-3. On
motion of Scott Bonham, seconded by
W. G. Edens of Chicago, the election of
Moore was declared unanimous.
The report of the resolutions commit
tee was then read. It was adopted
unanimously and is as follows:
RATTFlfcS PARTY PLATFORM.
STATE COMMITTEE
IS WELL ADVISED
Resolutions Indorsing Ad
ministration of President
Roosevelt Are. Adopted
ifecounts History of Meas
ures Intended to Benefit
the Nation's Commerce
The Board of Education yesterday
began the circulation of petitions to" be
filed with the Board of Supervisors
asking that certain amendments to the
charter affecting the administration of
the public School Department be sub
mitted to a vote of the people. It is the
intention of the board to obtain, if pos
sible, the signatures of at least 15 per
cent of the Qualified electors, as re
quired by the charter for the submis
sion of any amendment to the organic
law of the city.
The Board of Supervisors has already
sent a score of proposed charter amend
ments to the Election Commission to
be placed on the official ballot at the
election to be held on Novem
ber 8 next. President Ronco
vieri of the Board of Educa
tion takes the ground that charter
amendments shall only be submitted at
intervals of not less than every two
years. The last time charter amend
ments were voted upon was on Decem
ber 4, 1902, and Roncovieri contends
that the election this year for the pur
pose should be held on December 4. If
his contention is correct there is still
ample time for the Board of Supervis
ors to take action if it so desires.
The proposed school amendment con
templates making the Board of Educa
tion independent of the Board of Su
pervisors in the fixing of the annual
school budget. It places the power of
fixing the expenditures within a speci
fied limit in the hands of the School
Directors, and any item not approved
by the Board of Supervisors must be
designated. The amendment also pro
vides for a small tax for the payment
of teachers' annuities, and makes other
radical changes in the manner of con
ducting School Department affairs.
The Board of Education at yester
day's meeting granted the request of
the Alliance Francalse to use the James
Lick Grammar School building after
school hours for the purpose of impart
ing gratuitous instruction in the French
language.
The board ordered Eggleston's His
tory to be continued as textbook in the
fifth grades,, as the publication of the
Several thefts have been noticed of
late in the postoffice and yesterday
Postal Inspector L. H. Bricker. ir
charge of this district, came to Fres
no to investigate. Hill was suspectei
and a trap was laid. A letter con
taining a marked coin was addressed
to Carl Schmoekel of this city and
placed in the "mails. Bricker then
watched from hidden quarters and
saw Hill place the letter in his pocket.
The rest was easy and he was arrest
ed last night.
Hill is prominent here and owns
considerable property. His case will
come before the Federal Court in No
vember.
FRESNO, Oct. 6. — Eleazer Hill was
arraigned here to-day before United
States Commissioner Lang and held
to answer for rifling- the mails. Hill
is a clerk in the postal department
here. He was caught in the act of
placing in his pocket a letter with
money in it, which was addressed to
another person.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CITES OFFICIAL ACTS
ELECTION OF OFFICERS
The meeting was presided over by
Attorney J. D. Murphy and much en
thusiasm was manifested, the speeches
being frequently applauded.
The delicate relations between other powers
Jn the Orient and the importance of preserving
there the open doer to our commerce make It
of the utmost importance that we should con
tlnue unbroken our present foreign policy. Thli
Is not a matter of sentiment, but It is essen
tially a mate-rial question. It is predicated
upon the highest considerations of commercial
end national interest.
It means an expansion ef our trade with
foreign countries. It metnc an increase of our
prestige among the sisterhood of nations.
W> are fortunate in the prevalence of pros
perity at home and in the maintenance of
peace and rood order In ail sections of the
republic. Our countrymen are busily engaged
In Inert a Fin* our commercial strength and In
bulMing homes throughout the republic. The
erection ©f homes is one of the evidence* of
Republican prosperity. There have been more
home* erected during the last aeven and a half
yearc of K»publlran administration than in
• ny like period during the history of the re
public. In the final analysis the home is the
unit of the strength of the republic.
OIK COMMERCIAL INFLUENCE.
The United States, through the events of
the last few years, uas come to take a leading
j.-art in International affairs. We have avoided
all intei-national alliances which might involve
either the tsafety or the honor of the nation.
The United states never occupied a higher
place in the esteem of the world than It doe*
To-day. Our diplomacy is predicated upon the
jirinelplps of International Justice. We are de
eirou* of Increasing our commercial Influence
abroad, of enlarging our foreign market in the
Interest of American capital and labor. It is
in the utmost degree necessary that we should
be recognised as a nation which scrupulously
observes the rights of other nations; which
seeks to expand its Influence, not by the
power of might, but by th« Irresistible force
of right. The victories of right are those
alone which endure. A continuation of the
preset administration means a continuation
of relations of amity with all powers, great
and Email alike.
Senator Fairbanks was rejoined here
by Senator Dolliver, who had remained
behind in Portland because of a slight
throat affection and in order to pre
pare for a campaign in Colorado, for
which he had been engaged. The Iowa
Senator spoke at the meeting to-night.
He will remain with Senator Fairbanks
until Cheyenne is reached and will then
probably proceed to Colorado.
Congressman W. I. Smith of Iowa
&.lso Joined Senator Fairbanks here
with the expectation of continuing with
him until after the Senator concludes
his Iowa campaign next week. Senator
Fulton returned to-night to Oregon.
Senator Fairbanks devoted a portion
of his address to-night to the extension
erf our foreign trade, saying on that
point:
DOLLJVEK REJOINS PARTY.
OGDEN, Utah, Oct. 6.— Senator Fair
banks arrived in Ogden at 4 o'clock to
day and spoke in the Grand Opera
house here Ur-night to an audience
n~bich taxed the capacity of that hall
to the utmost.
When the Fairbanks train made its
first stop of the day at Elko, New, al
most 200 miles west of this city, the
Vice Presidential candidate was met
by Senator Smoot and seventeen other
leading members of the regular Repub
lican organization, who accompanied
the travelers to Ogden. The Utah dele
gation included, in addition to Senator
Smoot, Congressman Howells, former
Oovernor Thomas, two members of the
State Supreme Court and other repre
sentative citizens, one half being Mor
mons and the other half Gentiles. Sev
eral of them conferred during the day
with Senator Fairbanks and when he
arrived here he found awaiting him
Senator Kearns. He was soon closeted
with the Indiana Senator. No state
ment was made concerning the various
Interview*, but Senator Fairbanks early
decided to n.ake no reference to the
State complication in his public utter
ance?.
No speeches were made between Elko
and Otrden and the most . interesting
event of the day aside from the private
discussions of the Utah situation was
the travel across Great Salt Lake via
the Lucien cut-off on the Southern Pa
cific road. Senator Fairbanks and his
traveling companions found much in
that engineering feat to admire. When
this point was reached the party left
the Southern Pacific, over which It had
traveled for 1700 miles, intending to
proceed eastward to-morrow over the
Union Pacific. •
Congressman McLachlan and Mc-
Kinlay sent the time before the meet-
Ing $n looking over the factories of
Napa and examining into ' the condi
tions of the Napa River.
Congressman James McLachlan of
the Seventh District and Duncan E.
McKinlay, nominee of the Second
District, delivered the principal
speeches of the evening. McLachlan
devoted hi« attention principally to
national matters and the upholding of
the record and policy of Roosevelt
McKinlay spoke of the needs of the
Second District and dwelt on his aims
if elected to Congress.
Ex-Congressman F. L. Coombs pre
sided.
Re-election of J. N. Gillett
Over Caminetti in First
District Is Now Assured
Victim, Who Is Prominent
Fresnoite, Is Seen Placing
Another's Mail in Pocket
Wants Propositions Voted
Upon at Special Election
to Be Held Next December
Senator Dotliuer lie joins
Party and Is Mow Ready to
Open Campaign in Colorado
Delegates to the Kepublican
League Convention Criti
cize President Moore
Congressman Livernash Ad
dresses a Crowd on His
Efforts to Aid Marine
USES A 3IAKKED COIN
SCHOOLS AEE AFFECTED
STIRRING
RACE FOR
CONGRESS
SOME FEELING
IS DISPLAYED
MAKES SPEECH
AT WATERFRONT
Postal Inspector Sets Trap
for Thieving Employe and
Watches Youth Take Bait
Education Board Begins Pro
ceedings to Have- Charter
Amendments Submitted
Discusses Our Commercial
Strength and Extension of
Our Trade in Foreign Lands
CLEVER SCHEME
CATCHES CLERK
URGES SIGNING
OF PETITIONS
FAIRBANKS ADDRESSES OGDEN VOTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7. 1004.
PORTLAND, Oct. 6. — The! local hop
market is still soaring, but the ad
vance'! to-day was but a * fraction over
the"high-flgrure' of yesterday, loo bales
bein* sold at 31% cents.'
2
> ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u s i v e
high-Grade Clothiers
If© Branch Stores. No Agenu.
WE PIT YOU AS WELL
AS THE BEST TAILORS.
GIVE YOU CORRECT STYLE,
ALSO PROPER FABRICS.
FAMOUS DELINEATORS
CONSTRUCT OUR MODELS.
MEN'S CLOTHES ONLY HERE.
K e a r n y St r e e t
TLh u r low Block
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Sailor Suit*
and Extra Pants
$2.90
The suit and extra pants represent a value of $4.50.
To-day, Saturday and Monday the price is reduced
to $2.90.
The garments are made of pure wool blue cheviot,
which we guarantee. Collar trimmed with braid: shield
neatly embroidered; silk tie; pleated cuffs; extra pants
same material as suit; ages 3 to 12 years.
The suit sells regularly for $3.50 and the pants
for $1.00.
The price is reduced to encourage mothers becom-
ing acquainted with 'us.
Out-of-town orders filled if received no later than Monday.
740 Market StreetJOSEPH Ml'LHATTON AS HE LOOKED IN MORE PROSPEROUS TIMES. WHEN I
HE WAS ONE OF THE HIGHEST SALARIED DRUMMERS IN THE COUN
TRT. AND AS HE APPEARED YEoTERDAY.
Madame:. The death of the eminent sculptor,
who had always aimed at giving: to his work
the expression of pome great idea or noblo
aspiration, has profoundly moved the Ameri
can nation, which has received from him
lasting proof of his sincere admiration.. As the
Interpreter of these sentiments the Government
of the United states has bidden me to ray to
you that the Statue, of Liberty Enlightening
the World has rendered the name of Bartholdi
dear to all • my countrymen. : who Join in your
grief and that of the artistic world.. In ac
quitting myself of this duty allow me to cx
prees my personal jiympathy and those of all
the members of the embassy, who, like my
«<lf, had with' Dart hold 1 friendly, relations dur
ing the . last . twenty • yeara.i which have ; left • in
our hearts souvenirs w«- never shall forget. I
bar* the honor to be your respectful servant " '
;- : -• ¦;¦ jhor ace ; porter! . •
Embassador Porter Conveys Message
of American People, Expressing
Regret at Sculptor's Death.
PARIS, Oct. 6. — Acting on instruc
tions from Washington, Embassador
Porter to-day sent Madame Bartholdi
the following letter:
NATION* SENDS CONDOLENCES
TO WIDOW OF BARTHOLDI
TOKIO. Oct. 6. — Former President
Tatsuo of the Yamamoto Bank of
Japan to-day issued a statement con
cerning the funds of the Imperial Re
lief Society in refutation of intimations
of fraud. The aspersions were di
rected asrafojst Counts Matsuka and
Inouye, the promoters of the society.
The statement shows that $400,000
was collected and safely deposited in
banks and that the banks were re
quired to furnish security covering the
funds. The delay in distributing the
funds is due to the fact that the Gov
ernment and local societies are suc
cessfully caring for the destitute. The
relief funds are earning interest and
pay the management's expenses.
Former President of Bank of Japan
Issues Statement Refuting Inti
mations of Fraud. : r • '_•;
FUXDS OF THE IMPERIAL
RELIEF SOCIETY' ARE SAFE
EMPEROR WILLIAM OPEXS
TECHNICAL HIGH SCHOOL
Delivers a Short Speech In Which He
Kmphasizes His Great Interest
in Teaching;.
DANTZIG, Oct. 6. — Emperor Wil
liam opened a new technical high
school here to-day with considerable
ceremony. In a speech the Emperor
emphasized his great Interest in
teaching "those technical sciences
which play such an important part
in the economic competition of na
tions."
TOPEKA, Kan.. Oct. «.— M. A. Low. the
renera! attorney of the Rock Island Rail read
Company, has returned from Chicago. He de
nies th» statement that his road Is trying to
Require tb« Houston and Texas Central from
the Ilarrlman interests. — •
DIES AT HOSPITAL.— O. T. Cre-wdaon, a
rancher who was accidentally asphyxiated by
gas a' 967 Mission street la*t Wednesday died
at the Central Emergency Hospital last nights
called. His career has certainly been a
strange one."
The police say they know very little
about Mulhatton's case. The court will
decide to-day whether the man was not
in a fit of mental incompetency when
he absent-mindedly placed a stranger's
coat on his back. Mulhatton seems to
be .unconscious of having committed a
crime.
The constable and party appeared
trith a writ of replevin for a small
amount of wood stored In the lodging
house closet. Mrs. Eddy tore the writ
to bits, and when the party remon
strated and attempted to take the wood
she grabbed a poker and charged. After
a few blows the constable and party
beat a retreat and called for the po
ll ca. The patrol wagon came, but the
officers were unable to find Mrs. Eddy.
SPOKANE. Oct. 6.— Armed with a big
iron poker, Mrs. Mary Eddy, proprie
tress of a Spokane lodging-house,
routed Constable Salinmar, an express
man and a lawyer this afternoon, and
fo far has eluded the efforts of the po
lice to arrest her for disturbing the
peace.
The windows of the houses in the
vicinity of the Snyder home were
cracked by the almost unbearable heat.
The firemen fought the flames from
behind doors taken from the neighbor
ing houses. Many of the firemen were
painfully blistered and a number nar
rowly escaped Injury from the flying
pieces of blazing wood.
A man was seen entering. the yard of
the Stafford place by Mrs. James Par
due, who lives across the street. A
minute later he hurried out, and in a
few moments flames burst from the
kitchen and rapidly spread, the build
ing having evidently been soaked with
oil. The loss is about $8000, partly cov
ered by Insurance.
GRASS VALLEY. Oct. 6.— A fire of
incendiary origin destroyed the home of
Bert Stafford and completely gutted
the two-story residence of Charles
Snyder to-day. The strong wind blow
ing carried huge pieces of blazing wood
over the entire neighborhood, and all
that prevented the destruction of the
northwestern part of the city was the
fact that a heavy rainfall during the
day had soaked the dwellings in the
threatened section.
Special Dirratch to The Call.
Incendiary Applies Torch
to Residence and Flames
Spread to Adjoining House
Spokane Woman Defies Law
yer and Constable With
a Household Implement
DEFEATS LAW
WITH A POKER
GRASS VALLEY
HAS A FIREBUG
VETERAN EDITOR BADLY
INJURED IN A RUNAWAY
Showers Follow Thunder.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 6.— Th<»
heavy thunder and lightning storm cf
yesterday was followed by heavy
showers. The wind is southerly and
the atmosphere cloudy.* The bean
crop in many localities will be»"dam
aged. New feed is rapidly springing
up and stock interests look promising.
BONDS WILL BE ISSUED
BY NEW SUGAR CONCERN
Colusa Company, Despite Lack of
Funds, 'Decide to Proceed With
Erection of Factory.
COLUSA, Oct. 6. — At a meeting of
large stockholders of the Colusa Su
gar Factory, held this morning, it
was decided to proceed to build the
factory. There Is yet a shortage in
the subscription, but arrangements
have been made to issue $100,000
worth of bonds. A meeting of all the
subscribers will be held Monday
evening, when definite action will be
taken. >
Green Feed Is Benefited.
MILTON, Oct. . 6. — Showers have
fallen here Intermittently '¦ during the
day. They will b» of great benefit to
the grass, which Is at Its best at this
season of the year. The abundant
growth of feed will offset the dam
age caused by the unexpected heavy
rains.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 6. — Slight showers
have fallen during the last twelve
hours, accompanied by some thunder
and lightning. Clouds and south wind
indicate rain.
Storm Visits San Jose.
REDDING, Oct. 6. — Triplets, two
sons and a daughter, were born Tues
day at Kimball Plains, six miles west
of Cottonwood. to the wife of Charles
Staser, a successful farmer and stock
raiser. The mother of the children Is
in good health. Mr. and Mrs. Staser
previously had three sons, born singly.
Two Sons and Daughter Brought by
Stork to Prosperous Shasta . ¦.
County Couple.
TRIPLETS BORN TO WIFE
OF FARMER NEAR REDDING
Fractious Steed Bolts While Journal-
1st Is- Helping Little Daugh
ter Into Baggy.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 6.— W. S. Walker,
the veteran editor of Los Gatos, was
badly- injured fr ln a runaway at that
place yesterday. While assisting: his
little daughter Into a buggy the horse
became frightened. In trying to stop
the animal Walker fell between the
wheels. He was picked up uncon
scious, with blood streaming from his
face. He was severely cut and bruised,
but no bones were broken. The In
jured man will be confined to his bed
for some days.
Packing- House Is Burned.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 6. — A packing
house, owned by W. A. Hayt and oc
cupied by the Pachappa Orange
Growers' Association, was burned this
afternoon. Crossed wires are sup
posed to have caused the fire. The
loss to the association in machinery
and material Is $3000, fully covered
by insurance. Hayt's loss Is $4000.
Church People Celebrate.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 6. — Elaborate
exercises in the First Christian Church
to-night celebrated the fiftieth anni
versary x>t its organization in this city.
A' number of former pastors and out
of town 'members were present. Rev.
Peter Colvin is the present pastor of
the church.
Santa Rosa Merchant Dead.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 6. — John A.
Stump, a well-known business man In
this city and a member of the firm of
Orr & Stump, died at his home here
to-day afteirshort illness.
VISALIA, Oct. 6. — A heavy thun
der storm visited Tulare County this
morning. One inch of rain fell. In
some places the rainfall was almost
like a cloudburst. At the ranch of
R. O. Newman, near town, three and
an eighth inches of rain fell in four
hours. At the Fisher ranch one and
a half inches fell in three hours.
Rain and Thunder In Tulare.
MODESTO, Oct. 6. — M. Roberts, a
shoemaker essayed the task of cook
ing a h^sty breakfast on a gasoline
stove this morning. The stove ex
ploded with a report that could be
heard for blocks, and nearly killed the
shoemaker. The fire that followed
caused the destruction of the build
ing in which Roberts was living. Rob
erts himself lost his eyebrows, his
hair, his mustache and the breakfast,
and an intended trip to San Francisco,
which was the primary cause of his
leaving his last for the pot and skillet.
Uses Gasoline Stove and It Explodes,
Destroying Building and Hirsute
Adornment of Shoemaker.
STODESTO COBBLER FAILS
TO SHINE AS A CHEF
REDDING, Oct. 6. — Harry L. Shan
non of San Francisco, president of the
Shasta Power Company, which is in
stalling an electric plant at Bear-
Creek-Falls, east of Redding, said in
this city to-day that as soon 'as his
company completes the plant it will
put in a water system at Redding. He
aays the supply will be taken from a
scries of wells to be drilled In West
Redding. Redding gets its water at
present from the Sacramento River.
Shasta Power Company Intends to In
stall System to Be Fed
From Wells.
PURE WATER PROMISED
THE CITIZENS OF REDDING
A gentleman who is a partner in a
local business concern, who is well ac
quainted with Mulhatton, had this -to
say of the man:
"Mulhatton was one of the best
known men In Louisville. He was a
crackajack drummer and a member of
a well-known. Southern family.; His
charities were numerous, " arid 'during
the ; big ' floods -; and * the season ¦ of
1892 he gave -away money freely; ;Hls
fa d was to assist the newsboys, and
many a. dinner for the little lads was
paid for} by" 'Belknau's man.' as he was
OXCE WELL KNOWN.
Mulhatton, who is small, stout and
bewhiskered, sat down on the bench of
the jail office and thought a while. It
was a good opportunity to study him
in a pensive mood. He has a Email,
rather expressionless face, with a small
red nose and overhanging eyebrows.'
His hands talk for him, and while his
words roll from his tongue convulsively
they are somewhat incoherent, and the
index fingers are forced to furnish the
expression that is lacking.
"Barnum was publishing a story
about the great work of his trained
elephants," continued the prisoner with
a sweep v of his right hand, "and I con
ceived the idea of having Joe Parks,
the great Louisville cotton planter, im
port seven simians to do his cotton
picking. The Courier-Journal published
the story and Joe Parks had to leave the
country for a few weeks', but really I
did not intend to harm the poor fellow.
After this I had the big cave story in
print, and It was copied all over the
world." The yarn was that a cave larger
than the Mammoth had been found and
that a river existed therein on which a
full-sized river steamer could navigate.
The meteor story brought me orders'for
details from Paris and London. I wrote
that the aerolite was an acre square
and stuck out of the ground eighty
feet."
"Yes, I am Joe Mulhatton, who for
years was a leader among the travelers
of the East," said the prisoner as he
approached an interviewer yesterday
afternoon. "It has been ten years since
I was In Louisville, and I have almost
forgotten, about my relations with
Belknap & Co. and Hart & Co., the big
hardware men there. I was with
Belknap & Co. before leaving for the
West, but I lost my job — well, you know
why."
Mulhatton then related how he had
wasted his money and become a wan
derer,, a Salvationist, a circus follower
and finally a phrenologist. He had suf
fered from injuries incurred through
the kick of a horse and had not been
In good health since that time. He went
to Arizona, and for a while was en
gaged in mining, until his trial for in
sanity, brought about because of his
mental weakness, evinced during a deal
involving a mining claim.
"Why did you write the queer stories
of the rival to Mammoth Cave, which
were published in Frank Leslie's Mag
azine, and the story of the 'Seven Mon
keys of Joe Parks' ranch'? was asked.
"Just for an advertisement," was the
slow reply. "I was a drummer, and it
was my plan to keep myself before the
public. The stories that gave me the
name of the 'king of newspaper fiction'
were harmless, you know— well, harm
less to my business. I Just did it In fun,
and yet there was a reason for It. I'll
tell you, sir, I really didn't mean any
thing- by them."
But Joseph Mulhatton, once a chum
of millionaires, is apparently suffering
from a mental collapse. He does not
look like a coat thief, nor does he talk
like one. The instincts of a gentleman
are there, for the wraith of the past has
cast its faint shadow over his muddled
brain. No mental spectroscope can
thoroughly define the dark rays that
are peculiar to this strange combina
tion of lights and shadows. This morn
ing in the Police Court Judge Mogan
will determine whether the man is
guilty or innocent. The impression
seems to be that some one has blun
dered, for friends of Mulhatton say
that he never had the cast of a thief.
Two of these gentlemen are prominent
business men of this city.
"YES, I'M JOE."
Ten years ago Joseph Mulhatton was
the hardest hardware man to beat in
the southern part of the United States.
To-day he Is the hardest problem in
human nature to bring to a logical con
clusion that has ever presented itself
to the keen scrutiny of the local police
detectives.
Ten years ago Mulhatton was a
wealthy prosperous traveling sales
man for one of the largest hardware
houses in the country. His salary was
$15,000 a year. He was the author of
stories in the Fort Worth Gazette con
cerning "the largest meteor that ever
struck the earth" They created a sen
sation in all Europe, as well as on the
North American continent. He was
known as "the father of newspaper
fiction" for his clever literary creations,
which, though made out of whole cloth,
raised the curiosity of the English
speaking world.
To-day Joseph Mulhatton is an un
couth prisoner in the Central police sta
tion. Wednesday's Call told the story
of his brief and unfortunate career in
San Francisco. He was arrested at the
instigation of a man named Wantz, who
is^ proprietor of a cheap lodging-house
on Clay street. Wantz says that Mul
hatton has been a member of the Sal
vation Army, a phrenologist and a
roustabout. The charge against the
prisoner is burglary. Mulhatton took
off his coat while trying to exdaln a
mystic chart to a sleepy audience, and
when he put it on again the garment
had been substituted by another that is
said to have contained "a sum of
money and a bank book." With this
valuable find in a somewhat flyblown
"business office," he made his way to
the street, where the arrest for the des
perate crime was made by Mr. Wantz
and a policeman.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 6. — Der
bin Dally, a youth from Shelbyville,
Mo., occupies a cell In the County
Hospital, charged with insanity, his
mental trouble being due to unrequit
ed love. This morning he wrote the
following letter to his sister. Miss Amy
Daily, at Shelbyville:
"Dear Sister: I am disappointed in
love and cannot bear this pain. In
closed find check for my bank ac
count. Am sorry this has come to
pass, but cannot help it. Good-by,
one and all. Your brother.
"DERBIN DAILY."
Daily was jilted by a woman he met
at Los Angeles. She was carried away
by the Klondike gold craze, but prom
ised, to marry him. The shock re
ceived by Dally when he heard of her
marriage at Dawson City dethroned
his reason. He would have carried
out his design on his life but fpr a
physician, who knew of his intention
and had him taken into custody.
The check Dally inclosed in the let
ter to his sister was for $2000.
At the opening service of the
woman's auxiliary of the board of
missions to-day the sum of S 143,1 17,
was contributed to the board. This
sum represents the work of the aux
iliary organization during the last
three years.
Dr. J. Houston Eccleston of Balti
more, on behalf of the committee ap
pointed to confer with the various re
ligious bodies regarding conformity as
to the marriage of divorced persons,
submitted a report. It included a
resolution drawn up by the joint
church conference on divorce enjoin
ing ministers to refuse to unite In
marriage any person or persons whose
marriage such minister shall have
reason to believe is forbidden by the
laws of the church in which either
party seeking to be married holds
membership.
The committee on national legisla
tion reoorted that action must first
come through a united church move
ment. The Archbishop of Canterbury
pronounced the benediction.
At the afternoon session the Arch
bishop of Canterbury was invited to
occupy a seat on the platform during
the convention.
If that be true. It surely behooves every
gathering of churchmen to consider well what
they can do to safeguard thn men and women
and above all the children of America and of
England from a peril whose gravity it is im
possible to overestimate, because it affects the
very foundation of our Christian life.
I come to tell you of the ab^irblnsr Interest
with which we In England watch your gath
ering strength, your constantly increasing use .
of the apparently boundless opportunities ,
which are multiplying dally, and of our fellow- .
ship in your prayers for the splrtt of wi»- ;
dom and understanding, of counsel and of
strength. Tour problem* are not all of them
our problems.? Anyhow this at least is certain, ,
that beneath them all we find underlying ele
ments which are absolutely common to u» '
both. Among them is the temptation common
to ecclesiastics, lay and clerical, in every
clime and In every century, the temptation to ¦•
Klve "means" rather than "ends'" the main
place in our thoughts, the temptation to lose
the true proportion between large matters and .
¦mail, the temptation to take a petty view of
what life's issues really are.
It «eema to me the paramount necessity of
all is that which concerns the family and tbe>
home, the common workday life, that is, of
the Christian people at large. It would be
vain to ignore the warning voices which tell
us. on either side of the sea. of a certain de
cadence in the religious life of. the ordinary
home.
BOSTON. Oct. 6.— The Archbishop of
Canterbury, speaking before a Joint
session of the house of bishops and
house of deputies of the Episcopal
church at Emmanuel Church to-day,
delivered a message to the American
body In which he urged that the church
take steps to guard the religious life
of the home.
At to-day's session of the house of
deputies several resolutions to make
more stringent the canon on the re
marriage of divorced persons were pre- .
sehted. The whole question will come f
up later. After reporting against a ;
change in the legal name of the church ;
at this time, the committee appointed I
by the last convention to consider the j
matter was discharged.
When the house of deputies as- 1
sembled to-day there was a large at- j
tendance of visitors In anticipation of '.
the presence of the Archbishop of Can
terbury, who yesterday announced that
he would deliver a message to the
American church. He said in part:
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 6. — The
steamer Boscowitz is a wreck at Har
beldown Island, Parsons Bay. She
struck a rock In the night and then
broke in two. Four Indian children,
who were passengers on the steamer,
were drowned by the capsizing of a
small boat In which they had been
placed. The other passengers, . of
whom 120 were Indians and six whites,
were landed safely..
The steamer was on her way north
from this port, taking Indians and
their belongings to the Skena River,
the Indians having been working in
the hop fields. The Boscowitz was
owned In Victoria and was worth
about $8000.
FRESNO. Oct. 6.— What is considered
the most severe storm which has ever
swept the San Joaquin Valley passed
over this city early this morning. Old
timers in this city say they never saw
anything like it and the Weather Bu
reau reports show that for eighteen
years there has not been a storm dur
ing which so much water fell- In six
teen hours 2.36 inches of rain fell. Part
of the time it came down in torrents.
The merchants were notified early
this morning by night watchmen and
policemen that their cellars were be
ing flooded and crews of men were kept
busy for hours building embankments
with sacks of bran and any material
obtainable to keep the water from dam
aging their goods. A large excavation
by the side of the Odd Fellows' build
ing became filled with water whjch
broke through the foundation, rushed
into the cellar, threatening the destruc
tion of the building. Fire engines were
kept busy all day pumping the water
out.
Lightning was frequent and severe,
and in several parts of the city trees
were shattered.
The raisin growers were given little
warning and in the districts of Mala
ga and Reedley much damage was done
to the drying crops. The wind played
havoc In many places, carrying sheds
a distance of thirty feet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Arrest on Charge Made by
Physician Spoils Plan of
Victim of Wiles of Woman
, ¦ — -
English Primate Speaks at
the Episcopal Convention
in Session in Boston
Disaster Overtakes Vessel
Carrying Red Men and
. Families From Hop Fields
Wind Blows Sheds a Dis
tance of Thirty Feet and
Lightning Shatters Trees
Author of Sensational
Stories of Nature's
Queer Moods.
WRITES TO HIS- SISTER
SOUNDS WARNING NOTE
VICTIMS AEE INDIANS
RAISIN GKOWERS . LOSE
Drowned in Parsons Bay by
Capsizing of Boat Launched
From a Wrecked Steamship
Archbishop of Canterbury
Points Out the Decadence
of the Religious Life
Missourian, Whose Lady Love
Deserted Him for a Dawson
Miner, Wants' to End Life
Cellars Flooded ' and Goods
of -Merchants Spoiled by
Unexpected Heavy Eainf all
Former Chum of Mil
lionaires Accused
of Theft. '
CHURCH'S DUTY
TO THE HOME
LIVES OF FOUR
CHILDREN LOST
JILTED YOUTH
LOSES REASON
FRESNO'S STORM
CAUSES DAMAGE
JOE MULHATTON Once Famous Among Hardware Drummers UNDER ARREST
• ... .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1904.
3
ADVEKTISEaiEyTS. ?¦
— : g : — I y&Zp*p%^<i
An Interesting Talk '«|. ,, , ii .
To the Man Who Wants a Good 7* >: : I»1L Mki-^SBT-
Wearing Suit* at*-.. a Low Price $t.~ x JMgm. A liW^^^J^^L
If you want a good, serviceable suit— one that will fe| ft'ft^^S 5 "^'"*^* M^&$^
hold its color and shape and wear to-your satisfaction Si : fj^J!^W : &^% JpIlM
—one that is stylishly cut along the latest fall lines— glL ' %J^?W^f^¥if
one that is moderate in price— if you want such a % : - ; ?:^^*&&\*\ W^W^m
suit, we have them at $10. % ' * 13 '/$'-• f$*&'> : ':-V"^^V liWSSM
When ready for a suit come in and see what ten ' :i^^^^''4^ : S?'.i'W :^W^^^. fe^|?lS^^^*^
dollars will purchase in clothing when you buy ./ \ ]:^- :^'- : -^H^ :^^^^^^^^isJ&^^^^^^
We are also selling our own make of Priestley Crav- I |f|iW:-fe ; ; ; i-;V|vv^ ; "-^
enettesforJlO. We buy the cloth directfrom Priestley —
& Co., whoown the Cravenette process. The garments ''-'^WMS-^ L' : V^vlSll
are made up'in our own workshops. That's why we \ t **rrpat^ l^^^^r^^-^^
can sell you a genuine Cravenette for as low as $10. yiQ • "^'^111
Remember every rain coat is not a Cravenette. :<^W/ '- 1 * m^-^m
'Look for Priestley's stamp when you buy. ( W^lw /} fifl - '^S^ffi •
Ung Stylish Overcoats $10
Long overcoats will be "supreme this winter. A' '^i^^^^^^f.-^^^
fifty-inch garment will beva popular length. We are '^s^/k^*^ 'J$~ IIS^I!
selling overcoats like these for $10. '~ '%. -^sf-'
If we did not make them ourselves we would Z' •
have to askyou $12.50/the- same -another stores do. ' : J xrm ' ' '
We sell direct to you, and what 'profit would other-
wisegotothemiddlemenyoukeepinyourownpockc t \££ffiP*?£*
Hats $1.30 %i-VA'//^Vi ; \fv"e*- /V\' r '^ ' Underwear 75c
These arc stiff hats in a variety of test-Al* Wwl ll llWAff I 1 • Special for to-day and Saturday—
shapes—the crowns and brims, come V? 7 ?» \ \ >T *** .W A* 7 iJL/ pure lamb's wool underwear in tan,
M dl ffc^^roportlons;:the actual -v rt iw , brown, pink and black; regular $;.00
lvalue;ls:$2.00rr0ur,prlce;$1.30: [ 740 Market Street values for 75c.
ADVluKTISKMJEXTS.
S6.OO.
OUR FAMOUS TRUNK
You can't beat it for the price
anywhere. Another carload just
arrived and we've several new
numbers that will interest you
if you are looking: for a good
trunk.
We carry a line of suit cases
and leather jroods that can be
found only at
A. B. Smith Co.,
1 16 Ellis, near Powell,GEXEHAI-. X. P. <11IPMAN. PRESIDENT OF THE CALIFORNIA STATE BOARD OF TRADE; SECRETART U. M. FLETCHER I
OF THE SAME ORGANIZATION. AND OTHIZTFt EXCl'nsiONISTS. PHOTOGRAPHED JUST BEFORE THE TRAIN THAT I
IS CARRYING THE PARTY TO ST. LOUIS PULLED OUT. {
Man rarely opens his pocketbook • as
wide i as he opens his , mouth. : .
GEARY-STREET, ROAD : ; RECEIPTS.— The
Geary-Street ' Railroad • yesterday > paid ¦ into . the
city treasury the sum of $742 85, being 5 per
cent of the • gross receipts of the road during:
Beptember. ¦ ": Y ¦¦'S-'^'K ' '''• : X :V7<- \ ; ."""».
Retired ;- Army 1 Officer Critically 111.
:, iNEW .YOR£, 'Oct.; ,6.— Brigadier
General William fScottworth,%U. -. S.* A.;
rttired." is critically; ill at Clifton,' Stat
en Island. .V
HILLSBORO, Ore., .Oct. 6.— An un
known*:! prisoner, arrested. for drunk
enness, set the Jail ! at , Cornelius /£on
fire last I / f night '^ and ; ..was ; " • burned
to death.; It is supposed that the man
fell "asleep while smoking. .
Fatal Ending of Smoke in Jail.
RENO, Nev.. Oct. 6. — Mrs. Fred
Younghau3, wife of a well-known
passenger engineer of the Southern
Pacific, committed suicide at her
home in the railroad town of Sparks,
three miles west of here, to-day. She
was 45 years of age and leaves a hus
band and three children-
Ensineer's Wife Kills Herself.
\ SAN, LUIS OBISPO, Oct. 6.— The
first oil, company to .operate west of
the coast • range in this county has
been formed by local people and two
applications for charters to construct
pipe lines to Port Harford have been
made. It is proposed to /make that
port ithe "center , of oil \ distribution^^ or
Central .; California.
Proposed New Oil Center.
. NEW YORK, Oct 6.— The Denver
and Southwestern Railroad, reorgan
ization was completed to-day by the
formation of a new corporation called
the Cripple Creek Central Railway
Company, which will take over all the
property of the old corporation. The
new, corporation will have a capitaliz
ation of $3,000,000 \4 per cent' non
cumulative stock and $2,500,000 com
mon stock. This I company will < l have
no ! bonded or * floating debt r
New Corporation to Be Called the
Cripple Creek Central Railway
Company Is Formed.
DENVER AND SOUTHWESTERN
RAILROAD IS REORGANIZED
Will Resume Regular Service.
Seattle; 'Oct. 6.— The Nippon
Yusen-Kaisha Steamship Company
will resume , its regular service . be
tween Seattle , and ports in Japan De
cember V -Cable advices to that effect
were received in Seattle to-day. ' The
steamers Iyo, Aki, Kaga, Kanagawa,
Tosa and Shlnena will be operated on
a fortnightly schedule. ;
SANTA ROSA. Oeti 6. — Ex-County
Assessor William Longmore is dying.
He has been, in a precarious condition
for several days past from the effects
of a dose of poison taken with suicidal
intent several weeks azo. Longmore
Is one of the best known men in So
noma County. .
Death Hovers Over Longmorc.
TOPEKA; Kans., Oct. 6.— -Eight
Santa Fe eastbound passenger 'trains
which were delayed byjthe Western
floods reached , here to-night. Traf
fic is gradually , resuming its normal
condition, although through trh|na
will have to be detoured for a \voek
or more.
Travel Is Gradually Resuming Its
Normal Condition in the Water-
Swept District.
Mrs. Birmingham Sings at Fair.
• ST. LOUIS. Oct. 6. — Mrs. Lillie Bir
mingham, the well-known San Fran
cisco contralto, was the soloist this
evening at the symphony concert at
Festival Hall, an honor accorded to
few. Mrs. Genevieve Marony was her
accompanist.
NEW YORK, *Oct. 6.— Mavor ?Jc-
Clellan to-day was served with a sum
mons In a suit for criminal J libel
brought against him by Hal Bell, for
merly a member of the. municipal
Civil Service . Commission. - Bell asks
$100, 000 damages. The suit is brought
against McClellan as an" individual
and; not as head of the city govern
ment.
Bell resigned from the Civil Ser
vice Commission several days ago and
his resignation . was accepted. When
the other members of the board were
removed yesterday on : ; charges Insti
tuted by the Civil Service Reform ; As
sociation, the Mayor addressed a letter
to Bell, stating that had he realized
the gravity of the charges agalhstHhe
commission, at; the* time Bell's resigna
tion was received it .would not have
been accepted.
Former Member of Civil Servlca Com
mission Asks Damages for Al
' '. leged Criminal Libel. '.
EIGHT TRAINS DELAYED ig .
BY FLOOD REACH , TOPEKA
SUIT IS FILED AGAINST
THE MAYOR OF NEW YORK
Tramps Who Hold Up San Diego Man
Arrested Within Half an Hour
of the Crime.
' SAN DIEGO, Oct. 6. — At 8:20
o'clock last night two hoboes held up
and robbed a man nt the Granger
Corral. At 9 o'clock two men identi
fied by the proprietor of the corral as
the robbers were arrested In a saloon
and are now In Jail.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 6. — Attorney Ger
ald Ingalls of this city is building a
house after plans prepared by a Los
Angeles architect. - Yesterday he vit-
Jted the partially, constructed building
In time to see the blueprint design
disappearing "down the throat of a
cow which had wandered to the scene.
Work must now wait until he can send
to Los Angeles and have new plans
made.
Animal Displays Fondness for Paper
- Diet and Eats the Plans of
Architect.
OFFICERS MAKE QUICK
CAPTURE OF HIGlTWAYMEN
COW DELAYS COXSTRUCTION g
OF IIO3LE FOR AN ATTORNEY
MONTGOMERY, Ala., Oct. 6.— -
Judge Sayre to-day appointed W. C.
Levering and E. E. Hocker receivers
of the Alabama Cotton Products Com
pany, a round lap bale concern, oper
ating through the State. The capital
stock is $230,000 and the liabilities
are placed at $323,755. The receiver
ship is attributed to' the failure of the
American Cotton Company, with
which the other" company was con
nected. »
Alabama Company Is Financially Em
barrassed Through Failure of
Another Corporation.
RECEIVERS APPOINTED
FOR A COTTON CONCERN
SEATTLE. Oct 6. — Everything Is in
readiness for the launching of the
United States battleship Nebraska
from the Moran Bros. Company's
shipyard to-morrow. The plant waa
closed down last night and to-day
more than 5000 persons visited the
yards to Inspect the ship as she rests
on the ways for launching.
Governor Mickey and party will
reach Seattle this evening from Ne
braska. After the launching to-mor
row the Nebraska will be towed to
one of the city buoys. The workmen
about the yards are busy decorating
the big vessel with red, white and
blue bunting. Among the Goven.
ment vessels in port to-morrow will
be the United States monitor Wyo
ming.
Arrangements Completed for Launch
ing of Uncle Sam's New Fight- '
ing Machine at Seattle..
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 6. — Sebastopol
was visited by another fire this morn
ing, the residence of Charles Bur
roughs, Palmer's harness shop, the
French laundry and Julius Burroughs'
hardware store being completely de
stroyed. The fire started in the
hardware store/ The cause is un
known. The loss Is $10,090, partly
covered by insurance. Only a few
weeks ago Sebastopol was \1sited by
the most disastrous conflagration in
its history.
Conflagration Breaks Oat in Hardware
Shop and Destroys Property
Worth $10,000.
BATTLESHIP NEBRASKA
READY FOR MAIDEN DIP
SEBASTOPOIi MERCHANTS
HEAVY LOSERS BY FIRE
VALLEJO. Oct. 6. — Rear Admiral
Bowman' H. McCalla, commandant of
the Mare Island navy-yard, has issued
an order showing in every detail the
arrangements made for the launching
of the training ship Intrepid Satur
day. The exercises will consist of
a collect by the chaplain of the yard
and an address by Senator George C.
Perkins, following which the new ves
sel will be launched. Miss Helen de
Young of San Francisco will christen
the Intrepid."
The launching stand has been re
served for the launching party. Sena
tor Perkins, the Mayors of San Fran
cisco, Oakland and Vallejo, represen
tatives of the army, and the com
mandant and heads of departments of
the navy-yard and their wives.
Rear Admiral McCalla Completes Ar
rangements for First Voyage of
Training Sliip Intrepid.
EVERYTHING IS READY
FOR LA UN CUING AT YARD
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 6.— A new steam
ship line is to be established between
British Columbia and Mexican ports,
the principal owners of the line be
ing .Andrew Weir & Co. of Scotland.
It is planned to make San Diego a
calling port. The company will run
modern steamships with a capacity of
4500 tons freight, fifty first class pas
sengers and 300 to 400 steerage pas
sengers. The boats will run semi
monthly.
I The first boat will leave Victoria the
first week in January.
lumbiti and Mexico to Stop at
e Southern City.
Vessels Plying? lictwecn British Co-
SAN DIEGO TO BE CALLING
PORT OX THE NKW LINE
The motto of the Portland exposition will be
"Life and Activity," «atd Colonel Dosch. There
will be a. whirr of wheels In the buildings and
visitors will see bow things are done In the
various industries. The Utr will be compact
and there will always be gayety— merry peo
ple and music everywhere. It will not be a
fair of showcases with rows of silent exhibits
that you could see Just as well la a department
•tore There . . will • be novelty and something
moving wherever the visitors go. There will
be a hot time on the Trail. It'll b« the liveliest
tn* West has ever known. -
Fak«rs impositions 1 and extortions will -not
be allowed. People who come to exhibit or
visit will not be gouged. The cost of building
and Installing will be held within bounds and
everything of an ordinary, nature will be ire*
to visitors. There will be no charge for water
or lavatory accommodations. In ; toe hot days
' ¦- -, S e
Colcnel Dosch says that one new
feature about the Portland fair will be
readiness on the opening day, and that
the visitors who come June 1 will me
It all. No other world's exposition has
ev«r been ready. on time. The Louisi
ana Purchase, unfortunately, was lat
est of them all. All the buildings at
Portland are ready except that for
electricity, transportation and machin
ery, which three will be housed under
one roof. It will be finished in plenty'
of time. The streets and roads in the
grounds are all finished and the floral
spectacles and lawns are already com
ing into life. Portland wisely built its
exposition roads and streets first and
Its fair afterward. Visitors who go
early will not find men still trying to
make footways for them and mud and
dust will not assail them.
FAIR OF ACTIVITY.
Colonel Henry E. Dosch of Portland,
who has represented Oregon at six
world's exhibitions and has thorough
experience in exhibit work, is here as
commissioner general to the Louisiana
Purchase from the Lewis and Clark
Fair. He is also director of exhibits of
the latter. He has .been here since the
opening of the St. Louis fair and has
been able to Judge what are the most
popular exhibits here'.
WILL. BE HEADY OX TIME.
Californians here are criticized for
the use of but one distinct provincial
ism. That is the use of the word
4 pack" for "carry." Its use grows from
the pack trail. No burro nor mule ever
carried anything in the mountains, it
packed it and the Caliromian gradual
ly came to speak of everything as be
ins packed, even a newspaper or a
delicately beribboned box of candy.
But all this has nothing to do with
the Portland exposition. Portland is
not missing any tricks at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition in the effort to
assist her exposition, except perhaps
that of properly advertising and she'll
wake up in that regard later. She has
accomplished results hrre that insure
the removal to the "Lewis and Clark"
— the briefer name her fair has as
sumed — of the cream of the foreign and
domestic exhibits at the dt. Louis fair.
Most of the things of great interest
Been here will be displayed there.
CALL BUREAU, PRESS BUILD
ING, WORLD'S FAIR, ST. LOUIS,
Oct. 6.— You'll "hit the Trail" when
you go to the Lewis and Clark Centen
nlaj Exposition at Portland, Oregon,
next June. There won't be any Pike
or Midway there, but e. street of folly
bearing the name of the threadlike
thoroughfares over which civilization
traveled burroback to the unpeopled
empire of the Pacific that awaited it.
The Trail, typical of the early settle
ment of the West, is to oe the name of
the carnival 6treet of the Portland fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ ?
BY PAUL. HOWARDS.
California is deeply concerned in the
success of the Lewis and Clark fair, for
it will reap much benefit if the at
tendance is -large. Most of the peo
ple who go to Portland from the
East will visit California before re
turning, and in fact many will go to
the fair that they may have an op
portunity of seeing the Golden State.
It is said that round trip tickets from
the East will be placed at a very low
figure. By her exhibit at the Port
land Fair, California will reach peo
ple of the Northwest who have never
attended Eastern fairs and who are
possible settlers or customers.
H. W. Goode, director general of the
Portland Exposition, will come here
this month to attend to important de
tails.
The States of the American Union will be
given thi? much desired privilege of making
their exhibits in their own buildings. This is
the most profitable way for them to exhibit.
California and most of the big Eastern States
will be represented by ptructures of their own,
a* far as we can team. If any foreign nation
wishes to erect a building, it may do so. Some
of the South American republics and Mexico
will exhibit. The United States Government
will »nake an exceptionally One display. Its
building will cover "CO acres and will be a
feature of the fair. All the Government ex
hibits here that we want will be sent out, and
the Lewis and Clark board will meet in Wash
ington on October IS to decide what exhibits
shall be sent from there to nil the rest of the
space. There are some ' things shown heie in
the naval line that we have a thousand fold
better In the harbor of Portland, right at the
edge of the exposition.
I am working now toward getting .some
manufacturing sections together for the fair.
That Is, we want the various manufacturers
of different articles to give a collective demon
stration of the process of manufacturing each
article. We will have a rope factory and a
woolen making plant among other things, and
perhaps a perfume factory — Oregon to supply
the flowers. A feature of the exposition will
bf a tiisi'lay of 10.000 blooming rose bushes.
They are to be of the finest varieties. New
hotels for the accommodation of visitors are
being constructed.
California is our big sister, and we are
looking to her to make a fine exhibit in the
interests of herself and .the whole Pacific
Coast.
GOVERNMENT DISPLAY
I have enough exhibits in sight now from
Japan, China, Austria, France. Russia. Ger
many, Italy, England. Holland, Norway and
Sweden and BtlRlum to fill the. entire foreign
building, and all os tlir best. Japan ha* se
cured one-third of the entire floor space of this
bulldli.s. and besides rttt will have a tea garden
covering tn-o acres. The Oriental exhibit will
he very flne. Besides Japan, China, Korea,
Siam and Dutch India will make displays. The
Philippine- will bring out the best of their
display h;re. The management of the fair wll
allow no fakers to cry thrir wares ia the ex
hlbit places. This practice detracts from thl
dignity of an exposition. Besides ' this the
public is annoyed and many are sold things
that have no value. \
the tlrroty will have at every hand the purest,
coldest njnuntain water, piped trom Bull Run,
which has its source at a lake at the foot of
the crater on Mount Hood. No other exposition
«ver had such water.
I OREGON BUILDING AT ST. LOUIS
AND MEN LABORING FOR SUC
CESS OP PORTLAND FAIR.
Splendid Display for
Portland Is Now
Assured.
AliDMORE. I. T., Oct. 6.— Several
through trains on the 6anta Fe from
California are tied up here, unable to
reach the main line at Purcell on ac
count .of the Canadian Kiver flood,
which has damaged several thousand'
feet of track- Several hundred passen
gers bound for. the World's Fair and
the East detoured via Gulf lines on
account of the floods in New Mexico,
have encountered the same trouble
north of here. Nearly all lines in the
territory are affected by the high
water.
A large force of workmen is engaged
in repairing the damage. Servieo_was
partially resumed to-nignt. California
excursionists are fatigued, having been
delayed west of Albuquerque for sev
eral days.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 6.— The cable
gram from Manila stating that the Fili
pinos would hold an independence mass
meeting at Manila next Sunday wa3
shown to Sacretary of War Taft to
day. The Secretary said:
"Even though they have what ia
called 'flery oratory.' I am 8" re that
no evil results will follow the meeting.
Sandico. who is .referred to as one of
the principal speakers, addressed a
meeting the other evening with no
harmful results. In fact, the Governor
was present at t,he meeting and spoke
also, explaining to the Filipinos present
that they are not yet ready for inde-
Say* No Evil Results Will Follow tho
Meeting.
Fiery orators will speak, the principal
one being Sandico, a former member
of Aguinaldo's Cabinet and who In 1899
signed the order for the massacre of all
Americans and other foreigners in Ma
nila. The Government will not inter
fere.
— — — ?
TAFT NOT WORRIED.
MANILA, Oct. 6.— A mass-meeting of
Filipinos is to be held Sunday at the
National Theater. The call for the
meeting states its purpose to be "to
take some definite action upon the pop
ular desire, to wit, the giving of our
sincere support and sympathy to the
American committee on Philippine in
dependence in its efforts to attain thfc
er»d we desire. It would be inexplicable
and even improper for Filipinos to fold
their arms and remain passive at a
time when the very best elements of
American society are working ardently
in order that our native land may at
tain its ambition."
If a few hundred of our "farmers could be
induced to spend a week or two In the. Palace
cf Agriculture and Horticulture they would be
inspired to taka up so many new lines of pro
duction adapted to new marketB- that the
"boom days" would return to stay. Consider
for a moment a single building covering twen
ty acres of ground with ten miles of avenues
from twelve to twenty-five' feet wide, crowded
on both nldes with the products of all lands,
fresh and preserved, and in all manner of
packages to attract attention and temct the
palate or appetite, and that a person- must
travel more than twenty miles to be able to
see both sides of the avenues; then will me
be able in some degree to comprehend the vast
educational advantages to be obtained by v s
itlng the Louisiana Purchase Kxnjultlon
The World's Fair has. brought us into direct
and actual contact with people from all parts
of the world. Whatever may have been our
conception of the perfections of our own social
relations at the most southwestern seashore
of the United States, there Is not one person
of us who haa not eeen many places where the
rough corners of not only our particular sec
tion, but of the entire Pacific Coast, and for
that matter the whole country, have not been
rounded off and more or less polished by the
habits, manners and customs which obtain
among the representatives of all the nations
here congregated. With us the social side of life
has been thrown so far into the background
by the rush and push of competition, engen
dered by the insane desire of money-getting,
that its pleasures have been almost eliminated,
but will now be taken up and applied in such
a manner that ultimately our social condition
will be vastly improved.
To the farmer of this, section the world's
processes of agriculture are spread out. and
he will not be slow in adopting every method
which will reduce manual labor and cheapen
the cost of production. The products of agri
culture and horticulture the world over are in
evidence, and as every country is willing and
anxious to exchange the fruits of its field, or
chard and vineyard with those of every other
country, we may confidently look forward to a
large increase In number and variety of agri
cultural and horticultural products.
Of special interest to the farmer in th«
comparison of our cereal grains with those of
other countries, and he will be prompted to
ask why he should plant oats that weigh from
26 to 35 pounds to the bushel when at the
tame time he sees that New Zealand grows
oats weighing more than forty-five pounds to
the bushel, and at no greater cost. The same
applies to many other farm products. The veg
etable growers will take advantage of the ex
hibition of the vast number of toothsome veg
etables shown in the French and Japanese sec
tions, grow them, pack them in equally at
tractive packages and demand admission to the
markets of the world. Many eyes have al
ready been turned In this direction, and the
virgin soil of San Diego County will not mis
lead the investigator into the possibilities of
competition with those who now command the
irreat market.
No county in the State can show a greater
variety and number of .flber-produclng plants
than can San Diego County, and it only
remains for the farmers to take up the matter
of production on. a scale that will Induce
manufacturers to take the raw material "aid
turn out the million!' of pounds of binding
twine used annually east and west of the Mis
sissippi River. An examination into this sub
ject should add to the list of farm product*
this most Important one, and thereby establish
a new and valuable Industry. Every country
exhibits its most advanced Implements In every
department of human activity, and many of
them will be adopted by our people. It is
much to be recrettfd that the schools of San
Dleeo County are not represented In the-Pal
ace of •Edueataion. Nevertheless every advance
will be noted.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 6.— Frank A. Kim
ball, the representative of San Diego
County at the World's Fair, has writ
ten for The Call the following state
ment showing some of the good results
attained by his home county through
its connection with the great exposi
tion: 4 .. \ ,: .,. ,- »
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Filipinos Call Mass-Meeting
to Devise Means to Bring
About the End Desired
When the California State Board of
Trade excursion bound for the St. Lou.ig
Exposition started eastward from the
mole In Oakland at 11:30 a. m. yester
day the special train that carried the
party had on board President N. I*.
Chipman, Director S. F. Booth, Secre
tary L. M. Fletcher and about 100 oth
ers, business men from many cities and
towns in California, with their wives
and families. Director Wooster received
information at the last minute that
compelled him to give up the pleasant
journey to St. Louis. Director Booth
went out^ as far as Reno, President
Chipman lind Secretary Fletcher of the
State Board of Trade will go to the
exposition, the latter being in charge
of the special excursion train.
The train provided for the Board of
Trade party was finely equipped, and
a special steward was engaged to in
sure the comfort of the travelers while
in the dining-car. Before the start was
made from Oakland a dispatch was re
ceived from the California commission
ers at St. Loui3 announcing that all the
arrangements for the reception to take
place next Monday In the California
building on the exposition grounds had
been completed. In the telegram was
also a request to "put large California
pumpkins In the baggage car for the
benefit of the California exhibit." This
i request "was received too late to be
complied with.
The Board of Trade special train will
I run with very few stops, making the
same rate* of speed as the limited all
the way. At St. Louis after the recep
tion the California people will separate
and come home according to individual
convenience, using regular trains.
Excursionists From Coast
Stalled in Indian Terri
- tory by the Washouts
World's Products Point Way
. to New Industries in
California.
INDEPENDENCE
THEIR THEME
FLOOD DELAYS
CALIFORNIANS
To Enlighten Fair
Visitors About
California.
GREAT LESSONS
TO BE LEARNED
AT ST. LOUIS
German day in the United States is the cele
bration of the friendship of the German and
American people. We German-Americans are
the hyphen between Germany and America;
we present the living dsmonstration of the
fact that a large population may be trans
planted to another country and may be devoted
to the new fatherland for life and death, and
yet preserve a reverent love for the old. .We
are the embodiment of a necessary peace and
friendship between the two nations.
No interest in friendship could be more
natural than that between Germany and the
United Stnteb. They are tied together by th«
bonds of kinship and Germanic spirit, and
also by the complete absence of a conflict of,
great interests that might divide them. - In
deed. I challenge any one to show me a single
point in which the interests of the two coun
tries, or even their legitimate ambitions are
hostile to one another. There la no such point
to ¦ be found, absolutely none.
What could there be then that might trans
form the friendship of these two nations into
hostility?
I am well aware of the efforts that are
being made to goad- them against each other.
I have hf-ard people say that Germany and
this republic, which are both now expanding
with ambitious new navies, with or without
cause, some day will have to measure their
strength on the so«-caHed field of honor, and
that on both sides adventuresome heads among
the nuvy officers are busying themselves to
think out the plans and preparations for this
FtrugrK
What are we to think, that war is only a spot
like a football game between muscular uni
versity societies? Whenever a man expresses
such principles every honest boot should lift
Itself to kick him out of the society of civil
ized men. Whenever any one comes to you
with the old, long contradicted story that
German officers are traveling through th« coun
try as spies, I pray you tell him boldly to hlg
face that either he has- himself invented such
lies or that he is engaged in circulating the
lies of others. t- ¦
FRIENDSHIP OF GERMANY.
' Carl Schurz was then introduced and
spoke in part as follows:
You are all aware of the warm interest the
German Emperor takes in your life and doings.
The splendid monument of German accomplish
ment and knowledge created by him phtnes as
one of the principal gems among the dazzling
treasures of tills exhibition. It proclaims that
both the German Fatherland and your Ameri
can -adopted country have produced similar
great things in their astonishing development.
His Majesty the Emperor requested me to
announce the following rressage:
¦"I convey my Imperial greetings and Con
gratulations to those dauntless citizens of
America whose wish it has been that the
World's Fair at St. Louis should not pasa by
without the celebration of a German day. .. .
"May this glorious d*y M celebrated in un
marred rejoicings and stand as a worthy testi
monial of the important part played by thA
German emigrant In the wonderful develop
ment of the great transatlantic republic.
"WILLIAM, I. n.
."Rom in ten. Oct. 6, 1004."
Baron Speck von Sternberg was in
troduced by Dr. Emil Pretorius and
spoke in part as follows:
America owes her astonishing rise in a large
measure to German virtues, as frequently an
nounced from the lips of America's foremost
men.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. &— Germans from all
parts of America assembled on the
World's Fair grounds to-day to cele
brate German day in commemoration
of the landing of the first Germans on
American soil on October 6, 1693.
The German-American National Fed
eration was well represented, as was
the National Federation of German
Singing Societies, and the National As
sociation of the Veterans of the Ger
man army and navy.
The principal exercises of the day
were held on the plaza of St. Louis,
comprising exhibits in calisthenics and
gymnastics. At the conclusion all
joined in singing the hymns of the
fatherland and concluded with the
"Star Spangrled Banner."
Later exercises were held at the Ger
man National Pavilion, where address
es were delivered by Dr. Emil Pretori
us of St. Louis, the Nestor of the Ger
man-American press; Baron von Stern
berg, the German Embassador; Dr.
Theodore Lewald, the Imperial Ger
man commissioner: Hon. Carl Schurz
and others.
MESSAGE FROM EMPEROR.
Speakers of Note
Give Delight to
a Large Audience
Songs of America
and Fatherland
Joyously Sung
ENTHUSIASM
IS AROUSED
BY MESSAGE
OF EMPEROR
OREGON'S Exposition in 1905 is to Be Enhanced by Exhibits From the BIG FAIR
GERMAN DAY IS CELEBRATED AT THE EXPOSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU FRIDAY, OCTOBER '7, 1904.
STATE BOARD OF TRADE'S SPECIAL
TRAIN BEARS AWAY A LARGE PARTY
TO THE EXPOSITION AT ST. LOUIS
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Any Skin Disease
use
It will help and cure you. Will ;
* send Trial Bottle Free to any-
one sending i oc. to pay postage.
.It is absolutely harmless, has
cured thousands, will cure you. -,
Sold by leading dru£*lsts.
None genuine without mj signature.
6io Prince St.. New York. ,
Send for free Booklet oa " How t* tnat
dUeajes," containing hundred* of Uatt*
menials of wonderful cures.Tbo*e who go en the excursion to Witlitj
next Sunday will be given a free ride In a spe
cial train from Willits to the Redwoods and to
the mills and ponds of the Xorthwestern Red
wood Comsaay. ' • -
sharp brush with some Japanese dra
goons near the Yentai mines. The
Japanese lost four men killed and
had two captured. : They then fled.
The Rev. Benjamin J. Kelly. Bishop
of Savannah. Ga.. has started for
Rome. The purpose is to pay the cus
tomary episcopal visit to the Holy
JTalnar.
Japanese Dragoons Encounter a
Russian Force at Yentai 3Iines.
MUKDEN. Oct. 6. — The main forces
of both armies remain quiet, but the
scouts are active. On Tuesday a Cos
, sack detachment had a short but
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— The super
intendent of the life saving service to
day received a dispatch from the su
perintendent of the Island station near
Fire Island, stating that the schooner
Glide has been stranded and sunk on
Fire Island bar and that the crew were
taken off in surf boats.
Schooner Sinks on Fire Island Bar.
REPULSED. BY COSSACKS.
BOSTON, Oct. 6.— Cardinal Gibbons
has written a letter to Rev. Edward
Everett Hale, in which he sends his
regrets that many pressing engage
ments prevented him from assisting at
the peace conference in Boston.
BOSTON, Oct. 6.-A public mass
meeting in connection with the Inter
national Teace Congress was held in
Park-street Church for the purpose of
discussing the hope for reduction of
armament, as well as the menace to
universal progress of great armies and
navies. General Nelson Miles, U. S.
A. (retired), was the principal speaker.
General Sllles Speaks for Peace.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 6. — Mrs. Emma E.
Hunt, wife of J. W. Hunt, the baker,
died late last night from a stroke of
apoplexy. Deceased was a native of
New York and 62 years of age. Mrs.
Hunt had a reputation as a writer of
prose and poetry along socialistic lines,
much of which was published in East
ern papers. A son, William Hunt, also
survives her.
Death Calls Woman Writer.
SALT LAKE CITY. Oct. 6.— The sev
enty-fifth semi-annual conference of
the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints began in the Tabernacle
here to-day and will continue until
Sunday. To-day Is the anniversary of
the organization of the church and
thousands 'of Mormon adherents crowd
ed the great church auditorium to hear
the opening address of President Jos
eph F. Smith. ""•', -,'
Conference of Mormons.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 6. — Gen
eral Sakharoff reports, that all was
quiet October 4 with the exception of
the brush on that day between a Cos
sack detachment and some Japanese
dragoons near the Yentai mines and a
minor affair at Hulipou, where, after
being driven back, by the Japanese,
the Russian outpost was reinforced
and caused the Japanese to^fall back
after sharp fighting to the station at
Tadousampo. The Japanese sustained
considerable losses. Those of the
Russians are not stated.
Reinforced, It Regains Lost Ground
From Japanese.
RUSSIAN OCTPOST RALLIES.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 6, 7 p. m.
The Admiralty here- has not received
any confirmation of the sea fight re
ported by a London news agency last
night to have occurred off Port Ar
thur.
No News of Sea Fisht.
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 6.—Tele
graphic communication has now been
reached between Seattle and all parts
of Alaska. At 4:47 o'clock this aft
ernoon the following official message
was received here announcing the
opening of the line:
SITKA, Alaska. Oct. 8. 1304.
To the Newspapers of Seattle and the Asso
ciated Press: Tte completion of the Govern
ment cable from VaTdez to Sltka. making a
complete connection by an all- American lin*
with forty-six stations in Alaska, is th* be*
rfnning of a new era for Alaska. Wagon
roads and railways will open up the greatest
mining center of the world. Other industries
will quickly follow and insure- this country's
future • prosperity.
(Signed) WILJ>IAM U DISTEN*.
Acting Governor of Alaska.
Communication Is Now Established
Between Seattle and All
Parts of Alaska.
It is customary to look on the aver
age fisherman who pursues his calling
for a living as an impecunious sort of
a person, but It is evident that beer
and skittles are occasionally his por
tion. In reply to the question as to
what was the best haul of mackerel
he had ever made, an ex-fisherman of
Gloucester, Mass.. recently said:
"The best trip I ever made was when
we took a big fare of mackerel off
Block Island and salted them. I wa?
getting $30 a month as cook, together
with my share of the catch. You may
or you may not know that the cook is
the hardest worked man on a fishing
schooner. He simply has to keep busy
all the time and give the crew the five
meals a day, with luncheons between
times, which seem necessary to enable
them to do the hard work called for
when fish are plenty. We cruised the
time I am speaking about west and
north of BIcok Island, and the fish
were schooling welL It was night and
day work, always with a man at the
masthead after the sun went down,
when the fish would show up from the
phosphorescence in the water. The
skipper saw more money In salting the
catch than in trying to run fresh fish
Into Newport, so we just stayed oat
there, jogged up and down and rata
ered them in. Well, sir. when the profit*
of them twenty-one days were divided
the share of every man was $354 on
top of which I eot $21 for wages as
cook. Net so bad for the humble fish
erman, was it?" — New York Globe.
Big Money in Fishing.
MUKDEN. Oct. 6. — General Kuro
patkin has bestowed the ribbon of St.
George upon all Red Cross nurses of
the Sisterhood of St. George for
bravery at the battle of Liaoyang.
During the awful night of September
IS the nurse-? toiled unceasingly, pro
ceeding upon their errand3 of mercy
under a hail of shrapnel, dressing
wounds and carrying disabled soldiers
to the ambulances.
Kuropatkin Honors the Nurses.
TELEGRAPH AND CABLE
SYSTEM IS COMPLETED
CHEFU. Oct. 6. — The British
steamer Chenan, traveling from Taku
to Shefu, not hearing the usual blank
shots, was hove to by a Japanese
cruiser, which fired two shots across
her bow Last night. After the steam
er's cargo was examined she was al
lowed to proceed.
European and Chinese officials deny
the reported arrest of a Chinese sus
pected of having knowledge concern
ing the disappearance of Lieutenant
de Cuverville and Captain von GI1
genheim, respectively the French and
German naval attaches at Port Ar
thur.
Shots Fired Across Borv and Car»o
Examined by Jap-.
BRITISH STEA3LER STOPPED.
The steamer Morning Star was
chartered by the Royal Geographical
Society in 19.02 and went, in company
with tha steamer Terranova. to the
relief of the British ship Discovery-
The relief vessel found the Discovery
in February of that year near South
Victoria and afterward accompanl-i
the Discovery to Lytleton. New Zea
land.
VniUOVS. Oct. 9.— Eesjasiln Ctl!J» hu
beta appointed as manager cf Ci« Central Ca
nal Company. H« succeeds J. A. McCTar*.
who recently tend»r*«1 Ms mlsnaxicn. CIiiMj
is well acquainted with the wcrls tn ban*, as a«
was <;n» of the maia prr?mct«rs in th* recently
completed irrigation project !a Staslslaus Ccwa
ty. He will ciak» h:» headquarters at WU«
lows.
PLYMOUTH. Oct. 6. — The Antarc
tic relief ship Morning Star arrived
here to-day and subsequently pro
ceeded to Sheexness.
Antarctic Relief Ship Arrives.
BERLIN, Oct. 6.— General Von
Trotha, commander of the forces in
German Southwest Africa, cables from
a point northeast of Epata, under date
of October 1, an account of the recent
operations from which he concludes
that the resistance of the Hereros is
broken, that discord prevails among
the native chiefs and that many war
riors are ready to surrender, but fear
they, will be shot. The Hereros suffer
ed terribly from lack of water, owing
to the fact that they were driven from
the water places into the desert. Many
of them died of thirst.
FIELD HEADQUARTERS OF THE
SECOND JAPANESE ARMY, Oct. 5.
2 p. m., via Fusan, Oct. 6. — The Japan
ese are bringing up enormous quanti
ties of supplier and ammunition for the
winter campaign, using the recon
structed railway, carts and junks on
the Liao and Taitse rivers. The rail
road traffic is uninterrupted and ad
ditional soldiers continue to arrive.
Outpost skirmishes are confined to the
first and fourth armies. The troops
are standing the climate splendidly,
few being reported sick. Cold weather
Is just beginning.
Japanese Prepare for Campaign.
Fear of Being Shot Is
All That Is Keeping War
riors From Surrendering
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Thomas E.
Watson, the People'3 party candidate
for President, spoke in HobokSn and
Jersey City to-night and appeared to
be in T'*id health and voice, despite
the reports that his strength U fail*
ing.
Watson Is in Good Voice.
DISCORD AMONG CHIEFS
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 6.— The Jap
anese are straining to get a sufficient
number cf troops around through the
mountains to force the Russians back
to Ti-ling. which place Is uneven
ground, more suitable to tha islanders.
Another source of Russian supplies has
been cut off, the Sinininting road being
no longer passable.
General Vallichko, constructor of the
fortifications at Port Arthur and of
nearly all those in Manchuria, in an
Interesting interview In Novo« Vremya
says:
"The further retreat of our army to
Tleling appears quite uncalled for. Our
forces are being rapidly concentrated
and reinforced. In the .Immediate fu
ture the Russian army will take the
offensive along the whole front"
He admits that the loss of the water
works at Port Arthur is a severe blow.
General Valllchko Says Kuropatkin
Should 3Iake a Stand at Tieling.
Resistance of the Hereros
in German Southwest Af
rica Is Reported Broken
RETREAT XOT XECESSART.
Jessie Erickson. an Actress, Gashes
Her Wrist With a Razor at
Jcrser City.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Jessi* Erickson.
an actress. 23 years old, whose home i3
in Oakland. Cal.. is under arrest in a
Jersey City hospital on a charge of
having attempted suicide by gashis?
her left wrist with a razor in a room
at 143 Grand street, that city. Th- girl
had quarreled with Edward Erne, a
one-legged acrobat. She was known as
Erne's wife at the boarding-house.
LONDON, Oct. 6. — Manchester's
fight for a diversion of a portion of
LH'erpool's cotton trade from Amer
ica has resulted, according to state
ments published to-day, in an ar
rangement with the Leyland line and
the Manchester lines, limited, of Man
chester, whereby the two companies
will combine for the purpose of carry-
Ing cotton cargoes direct from New
Orleans to Manchester.
The Leyland line steamer Cuban,
sailing from New Orleans about the.
middle of October, will, it is added,
inaugurate the new departure, and
thereafter the two companies will
make alternate fortnightly sailings.
British Steamer Lines Will Fight for
a Portion of the Trade From
New Orleans.
NATIVES READY
TO QUIT FIELD
FORMER OAKLAND GIRL
TRIES TO KILL HERSELF
LONTDOX. Oct.*6. — The remains of
Sir William Vernon Harcourt. who
died on Saturday, were buried in the
family vault at Newnham, Oxford,
to-day, with the utmost simplicity
and privacy. Only the family and
tenantry were present- Simultaneous
ly a memorial service was held at St.
Margaret's Church. Westminster.
where representatives of King Edward
and the Prince of Wales were among
the immense congregation, which In
cluded Embassador Choate, Mrs.
Choate. John R. Carter. Second Secre
tary of the American embassy, and
the -other Embassadors and Minis
ters, Cabinet Ministers and personal
and political colleagues of the de
ceased statesman.
Remains of Sir William Vernon Har
conrt Are Interred in Family
Vault at Xevrnham.
CTMOST SIMPLICITY
MARKS THE BCRIAL
WTLIi CARRY COTTON*
CARGOES TO MANCHESTER
JCXKS RUN BLOCKADE.
Another meeting devoted to a dis
cussion of the responsibilities of edu
cation in creating right Ideals of inter
national life was held In Tremont Tem
ple. Professor Francis G. Peabody of
Harvard presided. The speakers in
cluded Baroness von Suttner and Dr.
Yamel Kin of China.
Suppose that Great Britain. Franc* Ger
many and America, with such other ' minor
states as would certainly Jotn them, should
unite, prepared, if defied to enforce peaceful
settlement, the first offender (If there ev<r
was onei being rigorously dealt with, war
would at one fell swoop be banished from the
earth. For such a result, surely the people of
these four countries would be willing to risk
much. The risk, however, would b« trlfilnr
A strons combination would efface it alto
gether. I think this one eimpie plan Is mwt
likely to commend Itself to the intelligent
masses. A committee nil&ht be formed to
consider this. If a body of prominent men of
*ach nation agreed to unite in urging th« co
operation of their respective countries in the
movement I think the idea would »oon spread
The letter was warmly approved by
the convention.
The thanks of the congress were ex
tended to President Roosevelt for his
pledge to take the first step toward
a con\-ocation of a new international
peace conclave. ,
General Nelson A. Miles was the prin
cipal speaker to-night at a meeting
held In Park Street Church to consider
the question of the reduction of arm
aments and the menace of great ar
mies and navies.
The secretary read a letter from
Andrew Carnegie, dated Skibo Castle,
Scotland, proposing a plan for the at
tainment of peace. Carnegie's propo
sition was:
John I. Gilbert of New York moved
that the amendment be laid upon the
table, and General Henry B. Carring
ton of Boston seconded the motion,
declaring that the congres3 had no
right to criticize the United States for
maintaining an armament by means
of which the Monroe doctrine and,
therefore, peace was insured in the
West and also by which the "open
door" was secured in the East.
In speaking to the resolutions. Dr.
Darby lamented the policy of in
creased armament in the United States
and expressed the hope that "the
party in America which had got trie
country into a declining plane will not
be able to carry it any further."
A pronounced difference of ©pinion
developed when Rev. Charles F. Dole
of Boston introduced an amendment
to the resolutions reciting that no ne
cessity existed for the United States
to entertain suspicion against Euro
pean nations or to maintain such a
large navy to support the Monroe doo
trlne.
Delegate William Randall Cramer of
England recommended that it would be
better for the powers not to bring minor
conflicts in interpretation of arbitra
tion treaties to The Hague. He sug
gested that the less important differ
ences be given to a court of the first in
stance Instead. The Hague, he thought,
would be spared therel y for the higher
work. The suggestion was adopted and
the word '"all" before conflicts was
stricken out and the resolutions were
unanimously adopted.
The universal reduction of arma
ments, pronounced by Dr. W. E.
Darby of England, of the committee on
international law, to be the most Im
portant subject which the congress was
called upon to consider, was next taken
up, the committee reporting as fol
lows:
The coTigTess tfctsks th« President cf th«
United States for his premise to take th« first
steps toward the convocation of a new inter
national p*ace corrrew to resume the delib
erations commenced at Th* Hague in 1539.
It expresses th» npinlcn that the first task of
each coTigrr»«s shoald be to elaborate and apply
a. definite plan of simultaneous arresit and rub
sequent reduction of armaments which Th*
Hajue conference declared to b« a crushing
burden and a constant peril to the who!* world.
The congress especially rejoices at
the statement recently made by the
President of the United States that his
Government is now taking steps to se
cure arbitration treaties with all gov
ernments that are willing to enter upon
them, and trusts that many such
treaties will soon be concluded.
The congress heartily indorses the
recommendation made by Joint resolu
tion of both houses of the Massachu
setts Legislature in favor of "an inter
national congress at meet at stated pe
riods to deliberate upon questions of
common Interest to the nations and to
make recommendations thereon to the
governments."
CHANGE IX RESOLUTION'.
BOSTOX. Oct. 6. — At the reassem
bling to-day of the International Peace
Congress' Judge Alexander of England,
chairman of the committee on treaty
arbitrations, presented a detailed state
ment of answers received from various
countries to questions sent out by the
bureau at Berne on the development of
the treaty movement in the several na
tions. Almost all the powers reported
new treaties formed or negotiations for
additional treaties under way. The fol
lowing resolutions were then read- for
passage:
The ccngresi records Its lively satisfaction
at the signature of permanent and obligatory
treaties since Its last session between France
and Great Britain, Great Britain and Italy.
Frarwe and Italy, France and Spain. Great
Britain and Spain, Spain and Portugal. Den
mark and The Netherlands, Great Britain »nd
Germany, Sweden and Norway and France,
Sweden ar.d Norway and Great Britain.
The congress congratulates the governments
ef tfc^se various countries en. having thus taken
important further steps in the path of judicial
returns between nations opened by The Hague
convention. It tru>*3 that the examples thus
riven will shortly be followed by many other
powers.
Jap« Learn Fleet of Eighty Is
Engaged at Port Arthur.
TOKIO. Oct. 6. — The Port Arthur
blockading Seet has captured a Junk
ladea with provisions. The junk was
endeavoring to enter the harbor. The
statements of the crew of the junk
and the evidence found aboard indi
cate the existence of a fleet of eighty
junks organized to run the blockade
from the vicinity of Tsingtau.
Despite the vigilance of the block
ading fleet, many junks reach the
Russian lines at a number of landing
places on the lower end of the pen
insula. The junks enter at night, the
Russian guns and mine field guns
giving them an advantage over the
vessels of the blockading fleet. While
it is suspected that ammunition is
being smuggled in, none has yet been
found in the hundred of Junks that
have been overhauled and searched.
TCSIO, Cct. 6. — In addressing the
members cf the United Clearing
houses cf Tckio to-day Couct Okma,
the leader cf the Progressive party,
vamed the people to prepare for a long
¦war. the date cf the termination of
which it is new ircjpcsstbl© to foretelL
Ee predicted that the cost to Japan for
s. two rears' war. inclcdic^ the loans
Tviici. hid been already placed and ths
rx^^ses censequent upon the war at
its termination, would total 51,000,000.-
G*0. which would make the rer capita
Ehare amount to $20.
Ccu-rt Okuma said that corruption
appeared to- pervade the military, po
litical ar.d financial departments cf the
Russian Government, and that this cor
rupt'en had almost reached a climax
which threatened a revelation. It was
even reported that Lieutenant General
Stcessel, now defending Port Arthur
ar.i exxa whcs» shoulders rested the
responsibility for the loss of a large
ehare cf Russian prestige In Eastern
Asia, was gtzilty cf dissipation, during
the s:?ge.
The speaker declared that the •weak
r^sses cf th» Russians gave the
Japares many victories. He pointed
cut that d»s;ite her defeats Russia
continued to held a prominent and
commanding pcsltlcn in. Europe, and
tail that even Err.rercr "William was
••ccurtirg the favcr of the Russian
eutccrat."
Despite her weaknesses. Count Oku-
MTTST PREPARE
FOR LO>"G WAR
Japanese Leader Warns the People of
the Great Cost of Straggle
VTtih. Russia.
Expert opinion is divided as to
whether a serious engagement is likely
to occur at Mukden, but the dispatch
from that city reporting an unusual
activity there gives rise to much spec
ulation. It is impossible to say whether
th!s condition presages the evacuation
cf Mukden, but in an;- case it is evident
that something of unusual Interest is
pending. Some even are bold enough
to take it that General Kuropatkin is
preparing to assume the offensive, but
in view of the fact that the most re
liable advices credit him ¦with only
about six divisions at Mukden, this Is
exceedingly improbable. It is thought
mere likely that the commotion had to
do with one or another of the Japanese
flanking columns, which the Russian
commander may have been preparing
to check.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. T. 4:10 a. m.
The War Commission sat until an un
usually late hour to-night, but ad
journed without issuing additional
news from the front.
MUKDEN", Oct. 6. 5:30 p. m.—Some
thing unusual is in the wind. A great
bustle is now noticeable. The streets
are thronged with hurrying crowds and
innumerable carts and pack mules.
to Occnr at That City.
Experts Think Engagement Is Likely
ACTIVITY AT MUKDEN*.
The Count predicted that it would be
necessary for the Japanese Government
to borrow $230,000,000 next year, and
added that if $75,000,000 were secured
abroad the country must face a depre
ciation in the value of its securities. He
urgred the nation to carefully husband
its strength and resources, ajid ex
pressed the fullest confidence in the
ultimate victory of Japanese arms.
ma said, Russia possessed immense re
sources and had tremendous advan
tages in the size of her population and
the greatness of her wealth, and it
would be necessary for the Japanese
to make heavy sacrifices in order to
attain success. He predicted that the
war would cost Russia from Jl.oOQ.OOO.
000 to $2,000,000,000, and said it would
be impossible to raise loans or to in
crease the taxes in Russia, because the
limit had been reached.
Orders rrere issued to-day to all sea
nen belonging to the battleship Orel
and the cruisers Ole?, Zeemtchug 1 and
Irumrod to join their vessels at Cron-
Ktadt immediately. It is believed that
this presages the sailing' of these ves
sels to-mcrrc^r for P.eval. where Em
percr Nicholas is gclr.g to review the
whole Pacific squadron.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 7. 2:20
a. m.. — While the Admiralty claims to
have no knowledge of the departure
of the Port Arthur squadron, it is in
ferable from the way in which the re
port reads that such an event has
transpired and deliiiite confirmation
vonld not create surprise. The As
sociated Press is informed that no di
rect criers have been sent to Admiral
Wiren to break through the blockad
ing: T.eet. but It tacitly admitted that
the admiral has discretionary powers
to leave Port Arthur should the sit
uation demand or conditions be pro
pitious. In r.aval circles it is pointed
cut that Wednesday morning the con
ditions might have been favorable for
&. sortie. Heavy storms raged Tues
day ana doubtless compelled the
blockading vessels and particularly
the torredo-boats to seek shelter, thus
lexvisx the way clear for a dash to
Vladivostok. Some naval officers.
fcoTvever. are inclined to think the
f.r'.~S ITtTt was iieard at Cliefu may
only have been directed at blockade
Significant orders have been issued
to keep time-expired members of all
the Guards regiments stationed in and
irounii St. Petersburg- -with the colors
till March. 1903.
Belief Expressed That Admiral May
Have Made a Dash rrom
Port Arthur.
Efforts of President of
United States Appreciated
by Delegates to Congress
. j
ROOSEVELT IS THANKED
Opponents of War Discuss
Treaties and Attitude of
Towers Toward Each Other j
PEACE LOVERS
SUBMIT PLANS
WAITING TO HEAR
NEWS OF WIREN
iHii SAN rivAAClbCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, li)U4.
5
THE EMPORrCM. f THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. \ THF EMPORIUM.
Sf 65c hair Brushes 32c *V/0* //** ji Popular Songs 18c |
| Any drug storr in the city would a 5 k 75 c for ### J^T To~day and SatUTdaV We Will Sell ?
* t::i^tZVl° O^t-^ lt^ Cit^ "Blue Bell" and "A Bi: o' Biar- \
* have nine row, of ,uff brwle stock; a great d ~__ *=~ » h SOn^or t\VO-St~D 5
¦ bargain at our Friday and Saturday special > ¦¦¦if ffgssB*^^^^^^ IIC .»» Lil - -^''s Ul »-^ <-> ><--l-. _«
k > price; each ....'.'.. 32C ~M&irf$gt&& ;>iiM AMERICA' S GRANDEST STORE Def CODV "... 18C '*
nf I -J
| The Over collar Sale The Stocking Sale The Glove Sale The Ribbon Sale i
| 25c Styles 13c 25c Kind 17c SI Kind 69c 2Oc Taffeta 14c £
£» Ladies' 2. Thread Maco Cotton Hose To-day and Saturday only, new 2- Ancwriotjuj: iroin New York of *S
j This S «son'* newes: fad in ovsreo'. _I mpO rt ; d Hermsdorf black, cltsp lambskin gloves, sofr, pliable 3^-inch glace taffeta ribbon*; a X
2 lars. embroidered m white acd Richelieu ribbed, unbleached doc- skins, in all the new fall and win- good body for tying a!I sorts of J
* whxte with b.ue; button hoei to b , £ soIcj> hi h :iccd hec J; the ter co!or i ngJ . aIlo wh ; t= and Uit bow , Terv rich 'luster and a sice -2
v draw a tie or riboon through- a new t_ t_i_- jc-j L . , • ' ,/ ' /,/ , - .... .. ,%
* . ( «u 5 u,«iic« best 25c hose that is made; Friday biack, sizes $3£ to 6^, a £ a color assortment, including white, %
s \ secction of 25c patterns; and Saturday, 3 piirs for 50c, # ' third less than their real -,-» crsanj, black, pini, blae, etc.; .«
J to-dav and Saturdav.cach 13C single pair 1 7C values, pair ....... QjC to^ay oalr, yard 1 **C j
i * 5Oc io SI Pieces Stunning Winter Hats SI to $2 Pieces J
* Vienna Bronzes S4.S5 OZj^^^h Stamped Linens 5
** 23C Each O ' jr a!so::m:n: of »«X»J»1» F*' 1 Millinery the /^^^g^^^o«. #?Q#» Fr»*>h *
»' . ***"" larges:, our prices :hs raoj: rtaicnable. and :^ tfr *,5HS^^P'W|^ OZJG CUCn X
jj Antdvancesaleofoarho.idayimpor- . v/ that as good materials and workmanship •" *W Thit U the ptatat Tal« in staaped Eaes we J
| cinonot Vienna Bronzes-busts, & nB « be obtained eltewhere at the same prices. U La, e «er cfr^, and thar I, a .read K at=- %
5 aih and pin travs. novcltv" vases * T r -, • , • *• r - **?gw rasnt. I: :s a manufacturer a tanso.e Hae, 'J
; t Jin lt^A\ hi, « W h ' 7 ' U e Ca;I P amcaUr to a tine of K. "fe' two pieces aliis & eoipi.aad coal J
ij bon-bon diahes on wh«n, and otner Ur g e Jrimrmd Hats-la French fclt, trimmed with a large pompon and f tuu cf table coven, cearer piecrX burtaa 5
j un'que designs suitable for card two shiJes of ve'.vet, colors brown, orange, rsd, grten, etc.; also hand- 2j**\ icarfj, sidsSoari cr»:r». etc.. all stamped, 5
• J^ party favors md home ornaments; to-day at ; «ome turbans made of chenille braids, tilts or velvets, trtnjxei with fancy jjr^ : ?\. ready to be embroidered. Not a pice; worth "—
j J^ Ies» than dea>n can buy them tor, v each breasts and velvet, colors black, blue or green; choice of f> CZ jr^'<'*' vK less than Jl and maay of them Jx I<
iff 28c dozens of different styles at 9 £ r*£fm9 f * each. Friday and Sararday oaly O9C %
\ -clothes that set the fashion" Safe Silk Waists Juvenile Dcpt. Bargains |
$ "5£ JU *4 4 /y ,% **U ~»4 S>^ and DreSS SkirtS Win e »ery boy's or g-rls Suit or C oak we will presesr absolatdr jf
! * WftrRr TT ILuIllari <X iLfi S**^ Less than a *" ° f " ° tieT m BustneU fcr a FaJno Panel Photo or ,J
5 ; i-Xi**- * V V VV *^V ? iVVV 4- \fe» V* , , wurvlf «r some member of vour featfe 'J
*" { OF NFVV YORK') A^Sb v^ hundred ' ' ' *
i S—l AnrLJlV Tv— v Jil^khandscrn; The "WeBrvseU" $4 Suit *
I I I I 1 I 11 1 \ /l For Boys 8 to 16 Years ;
j^-l l\ /iiii \lm | f Soie, India Bays' j-piece Soi:j tna: pleaie the raannbh yocng feliows '«
f X. J l.J[ 111 W^J <f$W V^v5^* Sil5c anci from 8 to 16 yeari. Made from all- woo! clows, in ;J
I *f i / 4^ iyVX\ "^" Crepe fast co'or navy blue and mixtures, in the new browns 5
3k 1 Most Stylish ready-tO-VV'ear Clothes /' /i*4 ; U*^-\ Waisa, and grays — coats have strong Italian cloth lining and fit ,«
V thit mnd»rn mPthnHc; ran nmAnre* ' " / A worth <C p«rf;ct:r— thrv »r= suits that win sand the hardese tlad of tchoel J
I J Ask any NeW Yorker abOUt them ' » n °J 0 « cft ; usaaUy sold at this price. Abiglo: of them ready for Frd*r aad 3f
* We are the sole distributors in San VygBf? ckLVand SltBrd *' fe -_ • ', t ' n ; ' 54 ' 00 s
I 1 Francisco. &?&W m«y J-, Boys' Long Overcoats x
t* c . „ -. , .. ..... ., ffS^'Ji^^ t . The best of J 5.00 Coaa. We bousn: rhs cloth— a nice lhade of Ox- w
* cacn suit nas a linen label in inside (&&$*/&&& others', on ford, an-wooi co*£= 5 , an4juKti»=r: 5 hr w-^ht forth:* <£=*:=. a=d >»
| coat pocket bearing Hackett, Carhart & 1&4?$»^2? wie to-day brfi^^^^^«n5f^^^wte 4 p^««^i .j
i $l f> ¦, r ° 4i^^« iV - *•*•» VUUIUU *-*• tSr -^^ r * and whi'e pr.ced coao. Cut long and loose like the men s, beit bsck or pla:a, '2
i J. \~*O. S name. K^E ' * w '^ or w ** t^ 10 *- ;: veltet coCan and either double or sizzle breasted *%
\f Men's Suits Men's Overcoats IPlllS i^ 7 %•£&£&£ s5 '°° %
If $12.50 to $35.00 $12.50 to $35.00 SS^Wi^fi 33.45 Boys' Furnishings J
?• «, .. , ~ . «SlS^' 'ilfL^S^i bi i n B °y*' Oolf Shirb— With separ- Eovs" Union Suits — Mediam .%
I Y0Uth's SuitS »Pli! Bhck DreSS ,% „ , Mehrf e8S wei ? h: c. Hbbed ,,.o, ,J
i $10.00 to $20.00 W«S : 'i oT^T ; «* "^ — i«9 ™- lui:5 ' c " ce wara K%/«h : «
J. # hS&'^'^.^IM Only about - . r . . worn; these are each. StmOO %
* Meris Dep't, 'Just inside the door." Klmm 100 of these. - Xs ™* each B0 ° Boys* Neckw«ar-New «i Cn= *
i « ~. TT I ~Z Z \I^S^V^^*^ mad=of£r.; Boys' Merino L'aderwear— Me- in fcur-in-haads, W.r^tor,, 1%
v Sale men's Sweaters ?fmMl&%**& vo"-» D'aia aiu:= w;?h '- wi:: - :nj « ?> , txk >> s - :zi •** b ™* •«*» ¦ -;
X aw -- _ m - ¦-. *^p5S*a*-K^^ »ui.vi, v am me ats, each SO'. 25O m
* Handkerchiefs, Etc. and fancy : - - -— -*"• --^- ¦ - •- ; • " ' - - • J
I 1 m items Friday and Saturday: f^gg}^^ Biitter Sale, 38C S^are %
| Men s Wool Sweaters- Red and black navy and red. p Crfcct i y taiIored; worth at , cas: Friday and Saturday *
» stce: and royai, b.ac* and green, and in solid colors, S ? - o . t0 .day and Saturday if Fr " h Churned Creamery Butter— Our usua. (ood regular >t
i &' S2.00 valuei; sale price <f 40 ° .' ," — '1*— »*« squares, for 38o '*
S v. , w « u- . w \ \ \ • T /r / '^ tf quantity lasts . . . $4.85 CaMornia Cream Cheese- s lbs 2So I
f Men's HandKcrchieb- White hemstitched Union linen. „ T Suil-Medium SHced Boiled Ybm-VSn&s lb 28c %
I , 5 e ralu,,, abet ,00 dozen; whJe ,ua n ut r .»-,, el ch . . Jo "^SL offiS Jan-wool « tiagC^ Cooper", Olive OJ-Qu.rt bottle 78 O S
!£ New Fall Four-in-Hands — 2^ inches wide, the new len S th unlined tltirt, with the popular Best Glace Citron— Lemon or orange ped. lb: 18O \
\Z browns, in fancy figured effects ff/1** tourijt top coat; a rood m _ __ Cluster Raisins— New cro 7 , 3 crown, z lbs 2SO 3
I Men, Do,, PL". lmt S^-Fc'l 1^^^ f' 4 ' 50 , ""^ «! .^ S2 -*°'$Z I
k made SOo Coat, and Jackets $12 50 -A large «nety of Zinfind<1 _ EKra ,i inaer cUrer , plloa S3o J
I gg^^i i«i|i|^ ffisggr^^ sMEg^sss^i^S st^ I
I , T g " y xV *, • • '¦' .:•• • • St.OO "p and tour:,: coat, inWack.n.vy, brown, Cantre!1 & Cochraa= .,' O in S tr A!e. dozen S 1.5O 3
\* Men's Novelty Fafl Hosiery— A great assortment, ,25c S^re wor S "di°*aL ["« SI 2 .50 Canadian Club Whisky- Hiram Walker*., bocde S1.2O J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft sV^^ 1^ Ksf
..CORSETS..
We carry In stce* ti« best makes
of Imported aad Domestic Corsets, ta
all tie c&ic, shap«ly models.
Ws make Corsets to order, too—
aad maks t&em so cartful!? aad •illl-
tnHj taat we leavs so open trig for
tie slijratest criticism. Tie lady ta
c&arr* ef tM* department is oas of
the cleverest aad most expert fitters ta
the country, aad saa will gladly as-
sist yon to a perfect fit ta tie saap«
best suited to your fiffnr*. Our prices
art riffst, of course.
DON'T rOSOET OXTS. 5UMH P.Tfc.
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASOM.
MUSIC INSTRUMENTS, STRINGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i COR w yi»sp
Women
C&sed to various
rtylea. &U 14 karat
¦clM r=^i-
Relia-bla novesjenta •
BwiMM.
AH ejcc-jrately tidied j
erl regulated.
j Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers aafl
-~ saversmltts
LJ 184-110 Gearj Street r^\
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GRSAT K-£aTQRATIVE. XN'VIGOttA-
tcr ar.1 >.>rvtne.
The ciosi wonderful arhrodislae asd Special
Tcr_ic *cr tba S*x\mJ Organ*. Bar both aexc*.
7-.» I'.' \ i- Remedy for Diseases of tbm
E:«ney» tr.i i?lai<5*r. S*!U en lta own merits.
NAEER. ALFS & BRCTTE. Agenta.
SSS l! .- •?-- «.. a. F. — iS«n<l for OrcaLan.)
iM1||Ia?and
¦ ¦
LEADING BrSIXKSS COLLEGE CF THE
Owrr rt Pott rt.. San FTar.<ri»«-o. Cat
E*;al». *> rears. Open entire year. <*xj & night.
\VrUe fcr circulars (free).
Polytechnic B u s 1-
-Jll^^i^f^Sv aess Colleg-e aad
i j£jM»r >^8^ Scbool of Eirari-
•aJL - *-5?jr<'*'£& B - s iS neeria*. Oakland.
S^5H^br^3^ C*L — Largest and
I 1 *y '.t^f* *nSmT in< * engineering west
ftVT^ f ff^pK>'r '¦• Chicago. Perfect
i£jjJ*^n'JL£^r climate. Expense.
"" — "^' low WrtU for &*•
100-FS.re Cata;-:g-^e.VALISE THIEF INSANE.— Oakland, Oct.
6.— Charles Lewis, known as the 1 "valise ma
niac," . was to-day committed ¦ to , the Agnew
Asylum by Judge Hall. Drs. Page and Todd
pronounced him Insane. He escaped -from the
asylum at Ukiah six months ago. He has -a
mania for stealing valises, declaring that when
be steals (5000 he will get SI apiece for them
and so realize a small fortune.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6. — Mrs. Z. L.
Parmelee, treasurer of the Pacific
branch of the Women's Foreign Mis
sionary Society, reported to-day at the
society's sixteenth annual convention
at the First Methodist Church that the
society had spent $16,000 in the for
eign field work during the year. The
principal address to-day was given by
the Rev. John Coyle, D. D. Reports
and addresses were made by Mrs. -J.
R. Umsted, .MrsV T. W. Nowlin and the
Rev. J. H. N: Williams. The conven
tion will adjourn Friday! night.;
Missions Get Large Fund.
TEACHERS ORGANIZE CL.TJB. — Alameda,
Oct. 6. — Teachers of the local -School Depart
ment have organised a club for educational
purposes. It is the plan of the club to engage
prominent lecturers from time to time to ad
dress tha members. Officers have been chosen
as follows:; President, Principal O, S. Thomp
son of the Alameda High School; vice presi
dent. Miss Lule Taft: secretary-treasurer,
Principal C. E. Miller of the ¦ Mastick School.
SHORT TASTE OF FREEDOM.— Oakland
Oct. 6.— After being discharged this moraine
on *n accu*atl<» of embezzlement. Matthew
Gates was rearrewUd on a complaint f or oer-
Jory ewonj to by Mrs. Esther Ramsey. h!s
mother-Sn-;aw she declare. Gates married
Arlin* Alexander. 15 years old. her daughter
and falsely swore the girl was of legal age
DENVER. Oct. 6— Mrs. J. Howland
Stringer of New York, who was taken
sick while visting her parents in this
city. Is now convalescent. She did not
have typhoid fever, as reported.
3frs. Stringer Is Convalescent.
OAKLAND, Oct. 6. — War In court
between two rival firms of photog
raphers came to an end to-day when
Judge Ogden rendered a decision
awarding Dames & Arrowsmith dam
ages and costs amounting to $155.
Belle-Oudry, the defendant, was sued
for $1100 damages. Dames & Ar
rowsmith brought their suit after
Belle-Oudry had sued them for $20,
000 damages in August. 1903, and se
cured a temporary injunction re
straining them from using the term
"Photographie Parisienne"in connec
tion with their work. . The court dis
solved this temporary injunction and
Dames & Arrowsmith then sued Belle-
Oudry for damages, alleging that
their business was injured by the in
junction suit and publications in con
nection with the court proceedings. .1
Photographer Gets Damages.
OAKLAND. Oct. 6. — On Saturday,
October 22, Ben Greet la to present
"As You Like It" at 2: SO in the after
noon, in the evening "The Merchant
of Venice. These will be rendered for
the first time In California by Mr.
Greet's company. .
Friends who come in the afternoon
can have dinner, as they did luncheon
at Berkeley, and so remain to the
play In the evening.
"As You Like It" will vbe given In
the open air. the grounds of Mills
College being an ideal place for it.
"The Merchant of Venice" will be
given in Llsser Hall. The proceeds
will be devoted to the Mills College
endowment fund. .
Ben Greet at Mills College.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6. — Heart disease
has exterminated in one week the
family of Jacob Schroeder, who lived
with his »wife, Kate, and his niece,
Mrs. Mary Brackenberg, in the base
ment of a five-story tenement on West
Fiftieth street Jacob was an engine
driver in his younger days, but a
dozen years ago he met with an acci
dent which made him a cripple. Last
Thursday night he was found dead in
bed by his wife, and on Saturday was
buried.
On Monday morning Mrs. Bracken
berg was found unconscious on the
cellar floor and an hour later she died.
Mrs. Schroeder .was deeply affected by
her double bereavement and soon fol
lowed the others. There are no sur-
New York Man, His Wife and Niece
Die Within a Few Days
of Each Other.
HEART DISEASE CARRIES
OFF FAMILY IN A WEEK
In the Municipal Assembly to-night
Mayor Kirschner read a letter from the
Prussian Government Informing him
that objection also was made to the
use of the gymnasium halls by the
Polish Turners. The Government main
tained that permission must be ob
tained from the kingdom authorities
when application is made for the use of
the halls, and orders to that effect
were Issued to school principals over
the head of the city authorities.
BERLIN. Oct. 6.— Conflict haa broken
out between the Prussian Government
and the city of Berlin, which have re
cently been on unusually cordial terms.
The educational employes of the king
dom recently wrote to the Mayor of
Berlin, requesting that the school build
ing halls be no longer placed at the
disposal of the free religious com
munity. The city authorities objected
on the ground that the community is a
legally recognized association, and that
It was Impossible to discriminate be
tween it and other applicants.
Dispute Arises as to Use Made of
School Buildings in German
Capital.
CITY OP BERLIN CLASHES
WITH PRUSSIAN' GOVERNMENT
A concert will be given October' 12 at Hearst
Hall. The programme is now being arranged
and' will be announced at a later date.
The second Herxsteln lecture waa delivered
this afternoon In students' observatory by Dr.
A. E. Taylor. The subject was "Kinetics and
Katalysls." <T. • "
A meetlnc of the football shew committee
was held to-night at Bachelordom House.
Plans for the coming show were discussed.
A rehearsal of the man's chorus of "AJax"
was held in the Greek Theater this afternoon,
at which the full chorus cast was present.
3. H. McCollough, by defeating Prank Do
remus in the interclass tournament, won the
title of tennis champion of the senior class
for 1804. McCollough took six straight frames.
NeiU Baker defeated Robert Varlel in the
junior tennis championship in straight eets^
BERKELEY", Oct. t. — Th« first senior as
sembly, which was scheduled for to-morrow
night, has been indefinitely postponed.
The University Orchestra did not play at the
Idora Park Boat Club Show last night, owing
to the resignation of Manager Ward Bsteriy.
There has been some discord among the mem
bera. Kiel Ktwfleld, '07, was elected to suo
ceed Esterly. •
Professor Jerome B. Landfield lectured last
night before the Home Club on "Early Rus
sia — the Land and the People." This marks
ti-e first of a series of twelve lectures to be
given on alternate Thursdays.
The petition for the retention of Colonel
Waite, military instructor at the university,
which is In clrculataion, wa» swelled by 250
names yesterday, making tha total number cow
on the petition 600.
Harry L. Stoddard, '08, left this morning
as a delegate to the Delta Upsilon convention,
which Is In sereion in the East.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Oct. 6. — The Republican
Alliance has reorganized for the cam
paign by electing the following offi
cers: President, Henry A. Melvin;
secretary. Dr. H. P. Travers; treasur
er, C. J. Heeseman. Committees have
been named as follows: Auditing and
finance, C. J. Heeseman, O. R. Lukens,
F. E. Brigham; military, Dr. H. P.
Travers, J. Cal Ewing, E. M. Hall Jr.;
membership, H. c. Capwell, W. B.
Btandeford, C. J. Heeseman. The al
liance will hold a smoker next week
at which more definite plans for the
last days of the Presidential canvass
will be announced. A trip to Los An
geles is under consideration.
Alliance Reorganizes.
The students of the University of
California listened to an array of Re
publican orators to-night that was im
posing: as well as argumentative. The
University Republican Club guve> a re
ception to J. R. Knowland, Republican
nominee for Congress; G. Russell
Lukens, candidate for State Senator;
"W. H. "Waste, nominee for the Assem
bly, and other Republican candidates,
and the welcome given them testified to
the Republican vote that Berkeley will
roll up.
Philip M. Carey, the president of the
student organization, was in the chair.
Gus C. Ringolsky, the vice president,
assisted him, and Carlos Q. White act
ed aa secretary. With the "Uskl" cheer
and college songs the rally began. Pres
ident Carey in his introductory remarks
dwelt upon the importance of the stu
dent and his life to the welfare of the
nation. It was for the student to build
up practical Ideas as a basis for prac
tical politics, hence a practical admin
istration. William H. Waste, ' Judge
Melvin, Senator Lukens and Joseph R.
Knowland spoke In the order named,
and their addresses roused great en
thusiasm.
The college quartet, under the direc
tion of Clinton R. Morse, rendered mu
sic throughout the evening. Milton H.
Schwartz gave several stunts that
brought down the house. The cheers,
which were abundant and enthusiastic,
were led, by Lew Bulkeley, yell leader
of the university.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Oct. 6.
In Bousing Meeting at
, Berkeley, Students Cheer
the Republican Nominees
VARSITY GREETS
THE CANDIDATES
BERKELEY, Oct. 6. — The Califor
nia Physical Geography Club has been
organized by Professor C S. Downes of
the Berkeley High School. The object
of the club is to promote the study of
physical geography in the secondary
schools of the State. The officers and
professors of the University of Cali
fornia will comprise the executive
committee. The . vice presidents will
be chosen fr-ra each locality, where
three schools at the least give instruc
tion in physical geography. The new
club ¦vrill hold its meetings during the
summer session of the university and
at the same time as the California
Teachers' Association holds its meet
ing.
Club Is Organized.
Dr. and Mrs. James P. H. Dunn' have gone
Hast, planning to visit St. Louis, New York
and other larga cities before their return in a
month.
The Harry East Millers are home, returning
yesterday from Shasta View.
Mr. and- Mrs. Taft and their daughter, : Miss
Crlesie Taft, are expected home about the mid
dle of this month. Mr. Taft Is said to .'have
been much benefited by his trip. '•- _.'...
j The E. M. Walshes left last Tuesday -for the
exposition and other points of interest in the
East.
The George B. de- Gollac have also cone
East. '- ¦. '; : ¦ - • • ¦- . •.
Mr. and Mrs. EX B. Davis have gone- to the
fair at Et. Louis. They expect to be away
about a month.- - •¦ - ••
A benefit for Edward Thornton, the tenor,
who has been ill for several months. Is being
planned by August Hinrlchs, the talented
leader of ze Liberty's orchestra. He* has the
assistance of several clever and talented peo
ple. . and . the prospects for a splendid pro
gramme are good. A number of society folk
have promised to assist.
Another bride-elects— In spit* of frequent
weddings the number seems never • to grow
less, thanks to Cupid's industry— MIfs Lillian
Moller, was the central figure at a delightful
affair given by that pretty dark-eyed young
matron. Mrs. Hugh McCall Webster. Five
hundred was the amusement of the hour and
among the maids and matrons who assisted In
entertaining were: Mrs. Bverett Ames Mrs.
Wlllard F. Williamson, Mrs. Louis dhlrar
delll, Mrs. Irving Burrell, Miss Oliver, Mies
Anita Oliver, Mies Ada Kenna, Mrs. David K.
Brown, Mies Clarissa Eby. Miss ¦Williamson,
Miss Marietta Havens, Miss Grace Webster,
Miss Isabelle Kendall and Misa Gertrude
Gould.
To-morrow Mlm Dornln entertains again,
this time for Mlsa Rogers of Salt Lake, who
has been visiting friends in Alameda and will
return to her home next Monday. Miss Dornln
has chosen her guests from the younger set.
and she will be assisted in receiving by Misses
Eevilla Hayden, Katherlne Kutz, Gertrude
Russell, Louise Hall and Mabel Cooley. The
other guests Invited are Misses Bertha Ber
nard. Margaret and Anna Frank, Cornelia
Stratton, Ruth Houghton. Lucy Fennessey,
Katherlne Brown, Lillian Reed, Marion Walsh,
Charlotte Morrison. Rose Kales, EUsa Schil
ling, Margery .Coogan, Hazel Holt. Ethel and
Florence Plummer, Hazel Knowlea, Georgle
Wheeler, Margarita and Ludle Shoecraft, Anita
Thomson, Anna Woodbrldge, Edna Orr, Rachel
Newsom, 'Vera and -Hazel Cope, Eleanor, Er
nestine, Gertrude and Josephine Mofier, Elsie
Campbell and others.
OAKLAND. Oot. 6. — Bine* lore has no sea
son '"showers" are not eurpriilngr at "any old
time," providing: ther« la a brld« somewhere
on tho social horizon. Cupid' ¦ barometer haa
indicated "showery weather" frequently of
late, and the half-dozen charming brides who
are on matrimony's very threshold have been
plentifully sprinkled with aU those dainty
things that a bride la supposed to desire most,
to say nothing- of the deluges of good wishes
that follow every "ehower."
Love's weather clerk has been particularly
kind to Miss Mabel Cooley, whoee marriage
with Fred Gowlng Is to be an Interesting No
vember event, and to Miss Hazel Cope, who
weds David Hartley on the 26th.
Both of these brides are members of the
came set — that Jolly younger set — and their
friends have vied with one another In plan
ning for their happineet. Lest Monday Mlas
Cooley gave a shower for Miss Cope — just a
small and delightfully Informal affair — anfl tha
same favored young woman was also a guest
of honor at a "kitchen shower" given recently
by Miss Carrie G«rald of Alameda.
Yesterday Miss Cooley was the motif for a
small affair, deliclouely full of surprises, given
by Mies Helen Dornln, and for next Monday
Mies Lucy Fennessey is planning a parcel
shower. At Miss Dornln' a yesterday the great
surprise was when the bride attempted to cut
what was apparently a huge, exquisitely deco
rated wedding cake. , Laughing at her Inability
to slice the tempting confection the young hos
tess came to her aid and lifting the false top
of the equally false cake disclosed the dainty
gifts prepared by Miss Dornln and her other
guests. ' Among those who enjoyed this little
affair were Miss Sevilla Hayden, Miss Kath
erlne Kutz, Miss Gertrude Russell. Miss Louise
Hall, Miss Anna Frank, Miss Margaret Frank
and Miss Lucy Fennessey.
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
SHOWERY SEASON.
BERKELEY, Oct. 6.— An itemized
statement has been prepared by Town
Clerk Merrill for the expenditures
necessary under tha proposed bond i»
eue. The sum of 528,745 Is estimated
to be the amount needed to place the
Fire Department on a proper footing.
The estimated cost of a wharf 200
feet in length is placed at 545,000.
This Includes a slip large enough to
accommodate any steamer, together
with the necessary sheds and freight
and storage accommodations. For
the Street Department 57000 is esti
mated, which includes a steam roller
and appurtenances, and 53000 from
this total estimate for oil experiments
on the streets.
Improvement Estimates.
Bay Yields Up Body.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 6. — The remains of
a man apparently about 40 years of
age and five feet six inches in height
were found in the bay near the east
end of the Alameda mole this after
noon by F. Trant of 81 Pacific avenue
and removed to the local morgue. The
body is attired in a dark coat and
vest, dark striped trousers and light
under clothes. In the pockets were
found two empty purses, a knife, pipe,
match box, open face nickel watch
and a B-cent piece. There are no
marks of violence observable on the
bedy, which Is thought to have been
in the water about four days.
BRYAN I'H'.m^i BITTER.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 6.
In a flght with footpads to-night at
Tenth and Oak streets O. E. Smith, 55
years old, a hostler, employed by Hill
house & Reardon, was shot In the left
arm. Despite his years Smith put up a
lively battle with. his assailants and
caused them to flee after they had shot
him, leaving a pistol behind them. The
weapon, with two empty shells and
three loaded cartridges in it, was found
on the sidewalk by George Dunbar, at
whose home, 1020 Oak street. Smith
lives.
The shooting occurred shortly after
7:30 o'clock. Smith was walking along
the east side of Oak 6treet Shade trees
line the sidewalk. Near Tenth street
and within a few feet of the Dunbar
residence, Smith said, two men sprang
at him, one with a loaded pistol aimed
at his head, and sternly ordered him to
throw up his hands.
Up went the startled hostler's arms.
But In the excitement of the moment
Smith soon dropped them. The armed
footpad fired a shot that missed Smith,
who in turn grappled with the high
wayman. Smith said he struggled and
fought with his assailants, who man
aged to shoot again before the wound
ed man tore the pistol out of the rob
ber's hand. Then his nearest assailant
fled. He did not know what became of
the other one.
After the shooting the injured hostler
hastened to the Dunbar house, where
Dr. W. A. M. Dunbar dressed the
wound, which was in the left forearm.
Smith was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital.
To the police Smith said he lost $7 in
the fight. The detectives found 70 cents
scattered about near the scene- of the
holdup. In the hostler's coat were
three bullet holes, Indicating that one
bullet must have passed through with
out hurting him. His wound Is not se
rious.
FRAUDS ON BIG SCALE.
Says Parker Has No Chance of Carry
ins State of Nebraska,
NORFOLK, Nebr., Oct. 6.— William
Jennings Bryan has conceded Ne
braska to the Republicans. He says
there is no chance of Parker carrying
this State at the coming election, and
declares that Parker is too much like
Roosevelt Bryan spoke here last
night in the Interest of the Nebraska
State ticket, but gave scant attention
to national affairs, devoting almost his
entire time to State issues and making
a strong plea for the election of the
fusion Legislature, that a Democratic
United States Senator may be selected
next spring. Bryan did not say in his
speech that he was a candidate for this
position.
"I need not discuss the relative
merits of the Presidential candidates,"
said Bryan, "because a Roosevelt vic
tory In Nebraska is certain for this
fall. The unfortunate split in the Pop
ulist and Democratic fusion electoral
vote makes Parker's defeat In Ne
braska a certainty."
DENIES THAT DE VRIES
DISAGREES WITH DARWIN
President Jordan Talks at Stanford of
St. Louis Congress of Arts
and Sciences.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 5.
After a lapse of. three weeks the sec
ond' university assembly for thi3 sem
ester was held this morning. The
students were addressed by President
David Starr Jordan and Assistant Pto
fessor W. C. Dennis of the law de
partment.' Both speakers were at the
International Congress of Arts and
Sciences, held In St. Louis last month,
and their remarks at the assembly to
day were devoted to a brief digest of
what took place at this world's confer
ence. Among other matters Dr. Jor
dan pointed out that the reports
which were sent out all over the Unit
ed States to the effect that De Vries.
the eminent European scientist, had
refuted Darwin's theories, was untrue,
and arose through careless reporting
by a St. Louis news writer.
The Stanford musical clubs mada
their first appearance of the year,- giv
ing one number with their combined
forces.
WITHDRAWS FROM TICKET.
SIAYOR OF SAUNAS WOUTjD
PUT A STOP TO OA3£BLlTNO
Election Superintendent Tellg of Nat-
utilization Abuses in New York-
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— In a letter to
the laws committee of Tammany Hall
State Superintendent of Elections Mor
gan said to-day:
"It is a matter of common notoriety
that elections In the State of New York
have been tainted with corruption
through the use of citizenship papers
fraudulently obtained from both State
and Federal courts, and also through
the use of forged certificates of natur
alization."
He then referred to the recent action
of the State Supreme Court In cancel-
Ing a number of naturalization certifi
cates, and continued:
"Large as the number of certificates
may seem which were canceled by
Judge Gildersleeve, this number is but
a small fraction of the naturalization
frauds undiscovered. This investigation
will be continued by this office within
proper legal bounds without interfer
ence or dictation on the part of any or
ganization. • At the same time every
consideration which justice can extend
will be shown to the poor unfortunates
who, through Ignorance, come into pos
session of certificates which by the law
they are not entitled to possess.
"No effort will be spared and every
power vested in this office will be used
to stamp out this issuance of certifi
cates."
HUNGARIANS VISIT PARKER,
Samuel A. Cook Will Xot Head the
Stalwarts in Wisconsin.
MILWAUKEE, Oct. 6. — Samuel A.
Cook of Nennah has withdrawn from
the head of the Stalwart Republican
State ticket and is succeeded by for
mer Governor Edward Scofield. The
selection of Sconeld will be ratified by
the State Central Committee at a spe
cial meeting to-morrow. The question
of mandamus proceedings to compel
Secretary of State Houser to place the
list of Republican electors in both
columns was left open pending further
Investigation by attorneys for the Stal
wart factions. The Stalwarts have de
termined to remain in the field, and*
have arranged for an active campaign.
Issues Order Placing Slot Machines*
Chinese Lottery and Percentage -
Card Games Under Ban.
SALINAS, Oct. 5.- — Slot machine
gambling, Chinese lottery and per
centage card games have received a
death blow in this vicinity. Mayor
Thomas Renison has caused notlco
to be served by the Chief of Police en
all parties concerned that from and
after to-night all slot machines op
erated and played for either money,
checks, credits or other representative
value where any money played goo*
as a percentage to the proprietor or
owner or agent are Illegal and must
be removed at once. All lotteries con
ducted by whites. or. Chinese, as well
as such games as studhorse poker,
keno, rouletta . and Klondike, are ais»
under the ban.
. All who persist in maintaining or
playing any of tha above games will
be prosecuted.
MARIN REPUBLICAN'S.
SUPPOSED PORCH CLIMBER
SAYS ttts HOME IS "™W
FABIOLA HOSPITAL. EXPANDS.- Oakland
Oct. 6. — The Fablola Hospital Association has
awarded a contract on plans of Miss Julia
Morgan for a large annex to the nurses' home
en Piedmont avenue, near the hospital The
cost will be $11,700.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. &r-A. w«U
dressed young man, who rava tlM
name of Jack Mason and said his horns
was in San Francisco, has been ar
rested here in an aristocratic neighbor
hood. On his person were found a net
of skeleton keys and an electric flash
lamp. Around his body, under his coat,
was found a coll of rope with hooks at
tached, by means of "which he could
easily mount to second story windows
or porches. The prisoner refuses 'to
make any statement, .give his San
Francisco address or explain the aus
picious-looking outfit. The San Fran
cisco police have been asked to Inves
tigate his record.
"Jack" Mason of San Francisco Ax*
rested In Los Angeles With Bus- •'-
picions Outfit on Person.
Senator Belshaw, candidate for re
election for joint Senator from Marin
and Contra Costa counties, was given
a royal welcome, and heartily cheered
when he finished delivering an able
address. The meeting was adjourned
with three rousing cheers for Presi
dent Roosevelt and the Republican
party.
Rousing Reception Tendered Candi
dates at 31111 Valley.
MILL VALLEY. Oct. 6. — A rousing
and enthusiastic Republican mass
meeting was held here to-night at the
Town Hall. Speeches were made by
Judson Brusie, C. M. Belshaw. Judge
Lennon, L. C. Pistolesl and S. H. Olm
stead. The hall was crowded to over
flowing.
Leader of Delegation Promises Him
Support in New York.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— A delegation
from the Hungarian Democratic
League of Greater New York called on
Judge Parker at the Hotel Seville to
day. Norris Cukor, the spokesman
for the delegation, informed Judge
Parker the members of the league de
sired to assure him that the Hungar
ians In the United States are not go
ing to vote the Republican ticket this
year.
He said: "There are ¦ 50,000 Hun
garians in New York and«70 per cent
of them will vote for Parker and Da
vis. We may be warlike now, but we
are out for constitutional government
and would rather have you for Presi
dent with your hand on the constitu
tion than Roosevelt with his hand on
the sword."
Democrats Appeal for Funds.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— George Foster
Peabody, the treasurer of the Demo
cratic National Committee, to-day is
sued an appeal for contributions for
the campaign fund. The appeal says:
"The Democratic party has no fa
vorites from whom either by promises
or threats it can draw campaign sub
scriptions, but must rely for necessary
funds upon patriotic citizens who be
lieve In a government of law under the
Constitution, honestly and economical
ly administered.
"From all ' such citizens I request
such contributions as they are able
and willing to make, for which prompt
personal acknowledgment will ' be
sent,"
Parker to Return to Esopus.
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Judge Parker
expects to return to Esopus to-morrow.
The number of callers at his apart
ments at the Hotel Seville to-day was
the largest during his present visit- In
addition to political callers and friends
of the candidate, several delegations
were received and the reception room
was crowded most of to-day.
The old shoes that are thrown after
a bridal couple' are rather too" sug
gestive of the kicks that will soon
follow. ¦ .
Professor Elwood Mead, head of the
department of irrigation in the Univer
sity of California, has Just published
the first part of an elaborate report
upon "Irrigation in Northern Italy,"
undertaken in pursuance of plans out
lined by the United States Department
of Agriculture.
"For fifty years Italy has been the
school of irrigation for the rest of the
world. France, Egypt, India and Aus
tralia have sent their ablest engineers
and economists to study the system
which for many centuries has made
Northern Italy one of the agricultural
storehouses of Southern Europe. Italian
practice has exercised the greatest In
fluence upon irrigation matters In oth
er parts of the world. The standard
works on this subject, however, were
mostly written in the days before the
rise of modern corporation methods,"
The elaborate studies which Professor
Mead has carried on in modern Italy,
therefore, as the agent of the United
States have the greater importance be
cause he has been able to observe mod
ern corporation methods and modern
governmental systems in ancient Italy
as she is to-day.
To report primarily upon those fea
tures in Italian irrigation practice
which are suggestive to American lr
rigators is Professor Mead's particular
object. To know whether Italian com
panies let the farmers manage the lat
eral canals, to know whether on a ditch
600 years old the farmers at the upper
end steal water from those at the lower
end, as they do In pioneer countries In
America, or if they do not how this
most natural human Impulse is over
come; to know how the available sup
ply of water Is divided among claim
ants; to know whether the division of
water among lrrigators is made by time
or by volume; to know the price lrri
gators pay for the water, how much
they use on different crops and how
seepage losses are lessened in one of
the countries where irrigation practice
has reached ita highest state of effi
ciency. These are some of the objects
which Professor Mead set before him
self.
Professor Mead also observed with
much interest and in this publication
reports upon methods of reclaiming
tidal marshes, both by dykes and
drains, and of protecting hillside farms
from erosion. He tells of hill farms
steep as any In Pennsylvania, Ken
tucky or Georgia which have been con
tinuously cultivated for many centu
ries, but which are as fertile to-day as
they were in the beginning: and not
worn out nor broken by gulleys, as in
many hilly countries In America, where
scarred hillsides are the outcome of
careless and unskillful practice.
The valley of the Po is first de
scribed, and Professor Mead then dis
cusses irrigation in Lombardy and in
Piedmont. The first part of his rep&rt
on his Italian observations may be ob
tained by addressing the Office "of Ex
periment Stations, United States De
partment of Agriculture, "Washington,
D. C. Two other parts are to follow in
the near future.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 6.
The remainder of the sessions to-day
was devoted to lectures, discussions and
music. Addresses were delivered by
Mrs. A. R. Dow, John Tuohy of Tulare
County, Henry Johnson of Petaluma,
B. G. Hurlburt, J. D. Cornell of Sacra
mento and C. D. Harvey of Loomls.
B. C. Nichols of Mountain View read
a paper by Professor J. F. Smith of
Orchard City.
G. W. Whittaker of Sacramento and
Thomas Jacobs of Tulare were elected
members of the executive ' committee,
the former for three years and the lat
ter for two years to serve during the
unexplred term of H. F. Blum of Wat
sonvllle, who has resigned.
The State Grange of California, now
holding Its annual session in this city,
to-day defeated the amendments to the
bill recently adopted, providing a free
market for farmers _in San Francisco.
The amendments were introduced by
Thomas Johnson of Glen Ellen and
provided that the Governor appoint
commissioners to control the market,
Instead of having the board consist of
representatives chosen by the people
of each section.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 6.
On motion of Dr. E. H. Woolsey.the
secretary was instructed to communi
cate with the authorities of New York,
Denver and other cities where similar
action to that proposed for Oakland
has been taken, and ascertain from
them what methods are best for the
successful formation of a new city and
county.
The committee appointed to secure
legal data is composed of Edwin
Stearns, H. C. Capwell and Judge John
Yule.
A majority of those present favored
a separate county, consisting of the
city of Oakland, a part of Piedmont
and all of the territory as far as San
Leandro, If the residents of that place
voted to come into the new county. If
this could not be done it was proposed
to extend the county line to High street
and thence to the water front.
H, C. Capwell and Edwin Stearns
spoke for the proposal, and short ad
dresses were also made by John T. Bell,
R. M. Brlare, R. J. Montgomery ami
Dr. E. R. Talt.
Plans for the formation of a city and
county government for Oakland, or
failing In that, the annexation of the
city to San Francisco, were discussed
by the Progress Federation this even
ing, but no action was taken except to
instruct the committee appointed at
the last meeting to report on the legal
steps necessary for the formation of a
city and county government and on the
legality of annexation to San Fran
cisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 6.
No Inquest was held. The child's
funeral took place from the Freese
home yesterday.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 6. — Phosphorous
poisoning, due to eating matches,
caused the death of Raymond Freese,
the two-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Otto Freese of .1523 Fountain street, ac
cording to the certificate signed by Dr.
Maurice W. Brown. Little Raymond
was taken violently ill four days ago.
At first his parents were at a loss to
account for his sickness. Later it 'was
discovered that in playing about the
house the baby had found several
bunches of matches and had chewed
the sulphur from them.
Dr. Brown was summoned and treat
ed the patient for two days, but so
powerful had been the effect of the poi
son upon the baby's system that the
physician was unable to give him re
lief and the little fellow died on Tues
day.
While half a dozen policemen were
hunting for William Moss, suspected
tin tapper and burglar, the object of
tha Etxeauous search reposed quietly
In a cell at the City Prison. Not until
thvy had exhausted themselves on the
hard trail was the accidental discovery
made that Moss was safely In Jail.
Moss was -wanted on complaint of
Ous Harris, a water front fruit dealer,
who said he had caught the man In
the act of rifling a caaQ drawer and
that the robber had escaped after a
fight. Moes went to the Receiving Hos
pital to have a scalp tround dressed,
but objected vigorously to Steward
Borchert'a treatment- The belligerent
patient tried to clean out the institu
tion. Borchert roundly trounced his
•ubject after attending to the injury,
and sent Moss to the City Prison on a
charge of disturbing the peace.
Oakland Office Sao Francisco CalL
1016 Broadway, Oct. 6.
Transbay City's Annexation
to San Francisco Is
Also Under Discussion
0. W. Whittaker and Thomas
Jacobs Named as Members
of Executive Committee
Goes to Hospital After an
Escape From Captors and
Lands Behind the Bars
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. OCT. 6.
Hel#n A. and F. E. DorafelJ to J. B. Tluna
will, lot IS, block K, FaraUiae Park. Oakland:
$10.
George L. Woodford (single) to Lena Chrii
tens*n (wife of Andrew), lot on E line of Tay
lor street 150 from \V corner, block 63, £
119 by 8 SO. portion lots 1 to 5. block 68, Clin
ton. East Oakland: $10.
Rudolph H Hind.ogaul to Peter GeorE» An
dersen, lots 2S and 2tv block C. Christian Traot.
Berkeley; f .
William and Janet Chalmers to William J.
"Walker, lot on E line of B«?nton street, 312:*
S of Railroad avenue. S 37:6. E 77:4, NE
along NW line of M. C. Marvin's land tcr
polat where lino at right angles to Bentoa
street from point of beginning would Intersect
same. W 100 to beplaain*. Fitch and Sharon
Tract. Alameda: $ll>. -
Joseph Brandensteln twlflower) to Oeorr» J.
Foster, lot on W line of Oak street. 8S:9 3 of
Santa Clara avenue, sine* widened to SO feet,
S 55 by \V ISO, portion lots 10. 11 and 12.
block 36, map lands adjacent to Endnal. Ala
meda: $10. • ' • -
Paul Bunker to Carrie IV Avsry (iau«rht«r).
lot on N line of San Antonio avenue, 230 E
of Chestnut street, B 50 by N ISO. lot <i in
"W i? of block a, lands adjacent to Eaciwi.
Alameda; sift.
Clara Harris (and aa trustee- under th» wlH
of Edwin Harris) to Lt:U» -and Ernest Bar
beau, lot on 6W corner of Seventh and Oak
streets. W 10O by S 25 lot 13 and portion of
lot 14. block 127. Kellersbergr«r'« Tract (deed
and agreement), Oakland; $1200.
George D. and Florence M. Hlldebr*n4
(wife) Frank P. an-1 Larooka Aajusta. Low
(wife) to Frank J. Taylor, lot on W lln* of
Brook street. 100 N of Orchard avenue-. N
63. W 91:6. S 65:6 E 99:2. lot 83, map of
Academy Homestead. Oakland: also conveys
all interest of F. P. Low et. ux. acquired In
O Leases 74; $10.
Isabella T. and M. da L. Hadley to Arthur
M. Lucas, lot on SB lln* of How* street. 236
SW of Amethyst. S"W 3O by SB 123. portion
of lots SO and 31, block B, map of Thermal
Hill (formerly Howe) Tract Oakland; $10.
W. H. and Harriet 9. ilaxson to I. and
Bertha Wallln (wife), lot on W line of Te-le
graph avenue. 60 — of Knox or Twenty-sev
enth street. W 94. NE 23. NW 13.04. NE 30.
B 104.02. S 46. to beginning:, portion of plat
2. Kellersberger's map of Ra.ncb.os V. and "t>.
Peralta. also portion of lot 45. Austin Park,
Oakland; $10.
R. A. and Florence E. Cerry (wife) to Jean
•tte Parker, lot 5, block A. map No. 2 of
Bateman Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Victor L. and Hettla A. Wells to Joseph J.
Mason, lot on SW corner of Haste street and
Telegraph avenue. S 135 by W 100, portion
of lot 4, block 6, property of College Home-
stead Association, Berkeley; $10.
Janet E. Mason (single) to V. L. Wells,
lot on SE corner of Dwfght way and Fulton
street, E 40 by S 135, portion of lot 12, block
1454. Berkeley property, maps 1 and 2. Blake
Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Struggles to Save Himself
and Escapes With a Wound
Through the Left Forearm
Reclaiming Tidal Marshes
and Hillside Protection
Subject for Observation
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Parents Summon Physician,
hut Medical Skill Fails
to Save the Baby's Life
GETS ROBBERS' PISTOL
MINUTE COMPARISONS
ALTERNATIVE PROPOSED
MOSS MEETS ILL-LUCK
SUFFERS GREAT AGONY
TWO OFFICERS ELECTED
State Grange Disapproves
of Changes in San Fran
cisco Free Market Bill
Two-Tear-Old Boy Passes
Away From the Effects
of Phosphorous Poisoning
Police Search for Alleged
Burglar While He Bests
Quietly in City Prison
Tells of Fifty Years of
Italian Instruction in
School of Irrigation
Plucky Hostler Encounters
Footpads Near His Home
and Makes Lively Fight
Oakland Progress Federation
Favors New Organization
to Extend to San Leandro
CATCH THEIR
MAN IN JAIL
GIVES BATTLE
AND IS SHOT
ELWOOD MEAD
ISSUES REPORT
WOULD FORM
NEW COUNTY
AMENDMENTS
ARE DEFEATED
EATS MATCHES
AND PERISHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
It is ; a good thing : to lose your fence
if it means the enlarging* of. ybur field.
JUDGE SAMUELS RETURN'8. — Oakland.
Oct. 6. — Judge George Samuels has returned
from an Eastern trip, during which he attended
tho Supreme Lodge of the Knights. of Pythias
at Louisville. .
CAPTURES SUSPECT AFTER CHASB.
Oakland, Oct. 6. — Two urea carrying a sack
looked suspicious to Patrolman Lee Andrews
this morning aa they alighted at Thirteenth
and Washington streets from a Ean Leandro
electric car. Aa Andrews started to accost
the pair they separated and ran. He pursued
cne of the fugitives, who dropped the sack.
Andrews caught his man at Twelfth and Clay
streets after firing a shot In the air. The pris
oner . gave ' the . name of John ¦> McCarthy. - Th«
tack contained half a dozen chickens.- ".''
6
I; . r . nj ADVERTISEarECTS. '
*f her life. Becoming
a mother should be a source of joj to all, bat the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal maices its . anticipation one of misery.
Mother's Friend ig the only remedy which relieres women of the gnat
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded u woman's
seYerest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who ose this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nau«ea and other distressing conditions are"
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tho
•erious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's f"l m ji.t^^o
Friend. "It is worth ita weight in gold," R^SHg||i5^i^ %S
says many who have used it. $i.oo per llll Vuliawu V
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to ail women, will ifig^S <rx»r^ 4*9
be sent to any address free upon application to H* l^Iif ilfll
BRADHELD REGULATOR OO. Atlxnto* Ga. fljl JjVwWS
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 1085.
BERKELEY.
2 148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AJLA31EDA.
1435 I'ark Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
FREE FREE FREE.
TEA — _
GARDEN
¦ DRIPS.
. A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
¦ For the table. Upon this prod-
; uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See . announcement on classi-
fied page. •': A' ride throuch lovejjr valleys and over, moun
tain range* i la what you . will ' enjoy, on ' the ex-'
to Williu aaxt' Sunday. October &.*• *
The Supervisors* Fire Committee
yesterday recommended the passage
of the ordinance providing that when
roofs are damaged more than 40 per
cent by fire they must be repaired
with fireproof material only in" a cer
tain prescribed district. The, commit
tee referred to the board the com
munication from the Fire Commission
asking that a date be fixed. to visit the
locality for the selection of a salt wa
ter reservoir site for which $75,000
was appropriated. .
Roofs Blust Be Fireproof.
The application for the. removal of
Police Commissioner H. W. Hutton.
"special chief of police for 1129 Du
pont street," who was convicted by
Judge Cook of contempt of court for
Illegally arresting Mary Duran, was
called in Judge Lawlor's court yester
day. Gavin McNab represented Hut
ton, and said he would file a demurrer
tb the complaint. • It wu agreed that
briefs should be submitted to j the
Judge between now and Monday, when
the matter will be argued. McNab
makes the point that the- accusation
should have been made by the District
Attorney and not by the Duran wom
an, a private person. He also ques
tions the court's jurisdiction:
Hutton Demurs to Accusation:
United States Commissioner George
E. Morse filed his report fixing the
amount of damages and Interest at
$7489 in the case of the Ames Mer
cantile Company vs. The Klmball
Steamship Company.
S. M. Shortrid&e filed a demurrer In
the United States District Court yes
terday to the indictment charging Lee
Toy with having imported Chinese
women into the United States illegally.
Thomas .C. West filed a similar de
murrer to the indictment, charging
Hippolyttus Lesola Amador Eca da
Silva with a similar offense.
Eugene J. Rosier was acquitted by
a jury in the same court of the charge
of having feloniously raised and al
tered a postal money order.
Eugene Rosier Acquitted in the United
States District Court of Having
Raised a Postal Order.
IiEE TOY DESrCRS TO
FEDERAIi INDICTMENT
CAPTAIN DEN'IS ACCUSED. — Customs Col
lector Ptratton has fined a complaint against
thv French fhip General de Negrier. charging
Captain D?nis with having broken the cus
toms teals en the cargo of coal on board.
Two little boys, Frank Killile. the
four-year-old son of Patrick Killile.
463 Tenth avenue, and Robert B.
Grant, three years of age, son of Rob
ert Grant of 457 Tenth avenue, left
their homes yesterday afternoon at
about 2 o'clock, and up to a late hour
last night had not been heard of. The
police were notified.
Two Little Lads Missing;..
What it costs to dress our society belles will
interest husbands and fathers as well as the
gentler sex.
Politics and politicians and the foreign situa
tion are written by expert* In thos« lines, whtl«
a short story and a well written verse with
photographic illustration Insures the Value of
the News Letter. *
The Town Crier's whip Is making a few ne'er
do-wells look to avenues of escape, while the
Looker On has something to say about Profes
sor Wheeler and his advice to co-eds.
The system of grafting pupils by the school
teachers is disclosed to the public in a well
written editorial.
Superior Judges and the methods by which
they are elected afe discussed In this week's Is
sue of the San Francisco News Letter.
Superior Judges and the School
Teachers.
trace of «lther of the substances men
tioned by Dr. Bothe. Each of the de
fendants then took the stand and tes
tified positively and with emphasis that
the cream had not been adulterated.
Within thirty consecutive days Mrs.
Susan Reardon was arrested no less
than fifteen times for drunkenness,
and "as she sat among the female
prisoners in Judge Mogan's courtroom
yesterday morning she seemingly did
net care what became of her. When
told to stand up and plead she shook
her gray head, leered at the bailiff
and exclaimed: "Ah gwan wid ye—
wot's de use?" So she remained re
cumbent while Judge Mogan sentenced
her to six months' imprisonment.
Jennie Shyder, middle-age,d and
garishly attired, was delivering an im
promptu temperance oration at Fourth
and Folsom streets when Patrolman J.
L. Farrell arrested her for drunken
ness. She had no recollection of the
Incident when Judge Mogan asked her
about it, and he gave her thirty days
in which to- cultivate her memory.
William Toy, a confirmed opium
slave, was sentenced to thirty days'
Imprisonment for vagrancy, and he
set up such a hullaballoo that Judge
Mogan recalled him and requested to
be informed as to the cause of his
grief. Between sobs . William ei
plained that he feared fatality would
result from his deprivation of "hop"
for a month, ajid the Judge retorted
that, In his opinion, society would not
mourn William's demise. But he re
duced the sentence to ten days, just
the same.
• • •
Charles Coulter, accused of stealing
a diamond pin from Henry Young on
a Valencia street car, was under a
four years' sentence for felony'embez
zlement when he was arrested, and
Judge Cabaniss referred his case to
Superior Judge Lawlor, by whom he
was originally sentenced. Coulter ap
pealed to the Supreme Court and fur
nished ball, and the appeal is still
pending.
• • •
Paul Sassoc, who, shot his sweet
heart, Olivia Croc^ and then fired a
bullet into his own head last Sunday
night on Montgomery avenue, was ar
raigned before Judge Mogan on the
charge of assault to murder. The
hearing. was set for October 30, when
the woman will probably be able to
appear in court. Sassoc shot her be
cause she refused to marry him.
POLICE EXPECT SERIOUS
TROUBLE IN CHINATOWN
One of the worthiest charities in San
Francisco appeals for aid In the com
pletion of a shelter for homeless chil
dren.
The San Francisco Nursery for Home
less Children is situated at Mission and
Twelfth streets in dingy, uncomfortable
quarters, in an old ramshackle building
that has been used successively as a
family residence, a school and a shelter
for the unfortunate little ones.
For many years the home has been
located in the old residence, and while
money has been received for the care
and repair of the present quarters, all
the available money" has gone toward
the buying of a large of land on
which to build a home that shall be
worthy of the name of San Francisco.
After the purchase of the lot the next
thing to consider was the placing there
on of a suitable home for the children.
The nursery managers immediately
started in to raise funds for the erec
tion of a building. The sum of $15,000
has been raised for the proposed build
ing, but the managers are now trying
to get $20,000 more.
The following is a partial list of those
who have contributed to the worthy
cause:
Herbert K. Law, $5000: Henry Cbwell, $1000;
Thomas Matree & Sons, $250; Hiram P. Smith.
$100; J. J. Spleker. $100; Raphael Weill, $100;
J. M. McDonald, $100; William Thomas. $50;
California Fruit Canners, $50; The Emporium,
$50; W. F. Cordes, $50; T. J. Schuyler, $25; A.
J. McNicoll, $25; Charles J. Neal. $25; Curtaz
& Bros., $20; Greenebaum, Well & Mlchels.
$20; F. W. Bradley. $10; Nathan-Dohrmann
Co.. $10; George D. Gray, $10; S. J. Borle, $10.
"Welnstock. Lubln & Co.. $5; I. E. Thayer, $5;
Donald McDonald, $5; Mrs. M. H. Hecht, $100;
Mrs. William Thomas. $100; Mrs. E. F. Pres
ton, $100; Mrs. H. Stetson, $100: Mrs. George
W. Glbbs. 5100; Mrs. John D. Spreckels. $100;
Mrs. C. D. Alexander. $100; Mrs. Thomas
Denegan, $100; Mrs. Phoebe Hearst. $100; Mrs.
"William Irwin, $100; Mrs. A. Dernham. $100;
Mrs. Henry Dernham, $100; Mrs. William
Tevls, $100; Miss Marguerite Dow. $100; Miss
E. R. West. $100; Mrs. James Elder. $50; Mrs.
S. L. Kline, $50; Mrs. R. J. Tausslg. $50; Miss
Mary Dunham, $50; Mrs. Thomas Archer. $25;
Mrs. W. H. Crocker. $25; Mrs. S. Greenbaum.
$25; Mrs. Clara Folgrer, $25; Mrs. E. J. Mc-
Cutchen. $25: Mrs. W. H. Talbot. $25: Mrs. P.
I. Morgan, $25; Mrs. Jones Meyer, $25; Mrs.
W. L. Wilson. $25; Mrs. William Gerstle. $25;
Miss C. W. Wilson, $25; Mrs. George Sperry.
$25; Mrs. Jacob Bertz, $25; Mrs. Alexander
Boyd. $25; Mrs. A. P. Hotallng, $25; Mrs. L..
Li. Baker, $25: Mrs. E. H. Tyson,\$25; Mrs. F.
W. Lougee. $25; Mrs. J. C. Campbell, $25;
Mrs. Isaac Hecht. $25; Mrs. Charles Goodall.
$25; Mrs. Horace Davis, $20; Mr* O. W. Pres
cott. $20; Mrs. M. H. de Young, $20; Mrs. E.
Martin. $20; Mrs. A. Borel, $20; Mrs. E. R.
LJlienthal, $20; Mrs. Asa Simpson, $20; Mrs.
H. Miller, $20; Mrs. A. E. Hecht. $20; Mrs.
William Willis, $20; Mrs. William Jackson.
$20; Mrs. C. G. Hooker. $20; Mrs. William
Morris, $20; Mrs. W. C. Talbot, $20; Mrs. W.
J. Dutton. $20; Mrs. J. C. KirkpatrJck, $20;
Mrs. R. J. Cohn. $20; Mrs. E. J. Frlcot. $20;
Mrs. Emmett Rlxford, $20; Mrs. Charles' S.
Wheeler, $20: Mm W. P. Fuller, $20; Mrs. H.
Schussler, $20; Mrs. H. T. Scott, $20.
Chew Yee Tong Declares War Against
**¦ SI On Sier Tong by Firing
Off Challenge.
The police are looking for trouble
in Chinatown, as war has been offi
cially declared between the Chew Yee
tong and the Si On Sier tong, both be
longing to the Sam Yup Society. A
member of the Chew Yee tong stood
on Jackson street, near Stockton,
shortly before 1 o'clock yesterday
morning and fired ten shots as a chal
lenge to the rival tong. One of the
bullets struck Toy Poy, a merchant at
837 Clay street, on the leg, Inflicting a
flesh wound. The revolver from which
the shots were fired was found by J.
Shea, a lineman, and turned over to
the police.
About a week ago a Si On Sler man
who worked in a jewelry store left
without paying his bills. He was
forced to return and liquidate. Thi3
angered the other members of the
tong. On Wednesday night several
members of the. rival tongs were in a
gambling resort In St. Louis alley and
the action regarding the jeweler was
angrily debated. A Chew Yee man
threw a vase at a Si On Sier man and
the challenge was the result.
PUGILIST'S WIFE ACCUSED
OF FELONY EMBEZZLEMENT
Mrs. Carrie Sullivan Arrested on Com
plaint of Stefnno Pellicano, Who
Wanted to Marry Her.
* Mrs. Carrie Sullivan, wife of Pugilist
Dan Sullivan, was arrested yesterday
morning by Detectives Wren and Cole
man and booked at the city prison on
a charge of felony embezzlement. She
was released on $250 cash bail.
The complaining witness against her
is Stef ano Pellicano, who arrived here
from Alaska about ten days ago. He
met the woman In John Grasso's
saloon on Pacific street, where she
was a waitress, and became infatuated
with her. He gave her $400 for safe
keeping on her promise that she would
marry him. They had been living to
gether at 1323 Stockton street and
when Pellicano went there on Wednes
day night he discovered that she had
disappeared, taking her trunk, with her.
He notified the police and the woman
was arrested yesterday morning at 204
Ellis street. She had a bank book
showing a deposit of $240, all that is
left of the $400. She offereM to give
Pellicano the money back if he would
not prosecute her, but he refused.
Benes May Be Insane.
When George Benes, convicted of
murder In the first degree by a jury
in Judge Dunne's court last Saturday
night for shooting and killing his wife
in the Humboldt House, 1309 Stockton
street, appeared for sentence yester
day, /Attorney Poll asked for a post
ponement.- He said the defendant was
entirely broken down since his convic
tion and he desired that • the Insanity
Commissioners should have an oppor
tunity of. examining, him. The Judge
continued the case till October 29.
The Associated Electrical arid Me
chanical Engineers of the .University
of California^ held/ their semi-annual
banquet . at the California ; Hotel last
evening.' The toastmaster. was ¦ J. v M.
Nightingale and the following con
tributed to .the evening's entertain
ment:' E. , F. A. Carey, C. , Li \Cory;
J. N.'-, LeConte, W. ] F.' 'i Barnes, R. "-'I E.
Frickey/1 G.'*'.C* Noble^ W. , G: ] B. ) Euler.
: A. i A. ,T.hompson. I H. ; W." " Reynolds ' and
T. R.-Lahdsborough,- •-.;.
Student Engineers' Banquet.
Such were the words penned by an
unfortunate who died by his own hand.
The note is signed with a monogram
"F. J." or "W. J."« It was found yes
terday In the pocket of a man who had
been dead for about. a month in the
brush near the elks' paddock, in Golden
Gate Park. A small vial containing a
few drops of laudanum was picked up
near the body.
Owing to the ravages of decomposi
tion the features were unrecognizable.
A pocket diary of 1873 and the photo
graph of a woman with long , curls
taken about that time at W., F. Bay
ley's gallery, 620 "Washington street, and
a few newspaper clippings-were all the
property found on the person. On the
back flyleaf of the diary was the name
"Thomas J. Smith, Alameda, member
of Fidelity Lodge No. 222. I. O. O. F..
and Washington Camp No. 2, P. O. S.
A." Another^address was "A. Z. Wright,
P. O. box 15, Cleveland. Ohio."
The right leg had been amputated,
and in its place was an artificial leg
made of leather.
"The world has no use, or rather It
is no place for old and crippled people,
and as I am refused a chance to earn
an honest living I will not steal and
have too much pride to live on the
charity and sympathies of others.
Good-by. God have mercy on my soul
through the Lord Jesus Christ, his
only son. Laudanum Is the means.",
Yesterday It was annoiiced that
Erastus Young had decided to ap
point A. B. Southard, at present audi
tor of the passenger receipts depart
ment of the Union Pacific Company,
to the position refused by Klink at
Portland, and It was learned later th«t
Southard has already started for this
city In response to a telegram from
Young. Klink's resignation has caused
a great stir In local railroad circles,
where he has many friends who are
at a loss for an explanation for
Young's strange treatment of the
Southern Pacific Company's auditor.
When he announced his changes last
week Young stated to the assembled
representatives of the accounting de
partments that the move was made
Eimply to disassociate the auditors
from the employes of the various
roads with whom they had come In
contact for many years, believing that
a change to a new field would mcrettau
the efficiency of the Harriman serv
ice. When seen yesterday Klink de
clined to discuss his resignation and
General Auditor Young, following
strictly the mandate issued by Presi
dent Harriman a year ago, will not
talk.
Klink will quit the company at the
end of the month.
OMAHA 31 AX COMING.
Last week Young suddenly an
nounced a number of changes in the
heads of the accounting offices. Klink
was ordered to Portland to assume
charge of the accounts of the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company; K.
S. Benson, auditor of the O. R. & N.
Company, was assigned to duty at
Houston as auditor of the Harriman
lines in T«=.xas, and C. B. Seger, who is
at present auditor of the Texas lines,
was ordered to come to this city to
succeed Klink.
Klink, who was reared in Vallejo
and hag spent the better part of his
life in San Francisco, did not take
kindly to the idea of giving up his
lifelong associations. He also resent
ed what he regarded ingratitude for
his long services with the Southern
Pacific Company by being transferred
to a less important and distant posi
tion in the north. His only alterna
tive being retirement from the em
ployment of the company he prompt
ly resigned.
RESEXTS A CHANGE.
George T. Klink, auditor and assist
ant secretary of the Southern Pacific
Company, with which he has been
connected for twenty-two years, haa
severed his connections with that cor
poration. He resigned on Monday last
after an attempt had been made by
Erastus Young, general auditor of the
Harriman lines, to transfer him to
Portland as auditor of the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company,
Klink refused to accept the new posi
tion and promptly tendered his resig
nation.
The retirement of Klink, who is one
of the best known railroad officials in
the West and a man whose compe
tency has never been questioned, grew
out of a plan of General Auditor
Young to shift all the auditors of the
Harriman lines. Young and represen
tatives from the accounting depart
ments of all the Harriman lines have
been in conference in this city for sev
eral weeks discussing plans for sys
tematizing the accounting methods on
all the roads that make up the big
western railroad system.
Body Lies Undiscovered in
Golden Gate Park for
Fully Four or Six Weeks
Lack of Room Compels Au
thorities to Refuse From
1 to 10 Applicants Daily
Is Ordered to Portland by
Erastus Youiig, but Re
fuses to Make the Change
The Imperial German PoeUl Administration
?xpr*-*Res to the Postoffice Department Its
hrartfelt sympathy upon the lose It has mk
fpr«xi by the death of the highly honored Poet
master * General Mr. Tayne. The officials of
this service now present there •will represent
the Imperial Postal Administration at the
funeral services.
Acting Postmaster General Wynne to
day received the following cablegram
from Berlin:
The train which will carry the re
mains of Payne to Milwaukee will
travel as the second section of the regu
lar train over the Pennsylvania Rail
road, leaving here at 3:30 to-morrow
afternoon.
Assistant Secretary of War Oliver
to-day ordered the division and depart
ment commanders of the army to half
mast the flags at all the military posts
and stations from the time of the re
ceipt of the order until 3 o'clock to
morrow afternoon, when the remains
will be borne from the national
capital.
MILWAUKEE. Oct. 6.— The body of
Postmaster General Payne, upon its ar
rival in Milwaukee Saturday, will be
taken to the City Hall, where It will
He In state until noon on Sunday.
The Bureau of Navigation to-day
telegraphed orders directing that all
flags at naval stations and on ships
within the United States be half
masted until after the funeral. All
offices of the District Government will
be closed between 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.
to-morrow.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6.— The full
honors due a Cabinet offlcer will be
paid to the late Postmaster General
Payne, arrangements having been com
pleted to-day for the official funeral,
which is to be held to-morrow at SL
Pauls Episcopal Church.
The President and Mrs. Roosevelt
¦will occupy seats in front, adjoining
those of the family. The invitation
list will include the entire diplomatic
corps, officials of the executive, legis
lative and judicial branches and Dis
trict of Columbia. Officers of the army,
navy and marine corps on duty in this
city have been ordered to attend in full
uniform.
The church arrangements will b-» in
charge of Major McCawley. Orders
have been issued for the military es
cort.
After Services in Washing
ton -To-Day Remains Will
Be Shipped to Milwaukee
MANY TURNED AWAY
Five milkmen accused of Belling
adulterated cream were dismissed by
Judge Cabaniss after expert testimony
had conflicted. Dr. Bothe swore he
analyzed the cream offered in evidence
and found that it contained borax and
gelatin and Professor Price swore that
he, too, had submitted the same cream
to analytical test and failed to find
Patrolman Dowd testified that he
purchased a bottle of beer in the Valen
cia street restaurant owned by Marich
Marita, who had no llcenst* to sell In
toxicants.
"Heem no buya da beer from me,"
protested Marich. "Heem buy from da
keed. . Me da cook. Da keed hef"ri wait
on da tabe. Me know nottin about da
keed sella da beer."
The case will be decided to-day.
¦- • • •--. - . ¦
George Hoffler. attired In khaki and
riding a horse embellished with drap
ery advertising a certain brand of
cigars, blew sharp blasts from a mili
tary bugle and spurred his mount to
make it prance and thus attract the
attention of passersby to the adver
tisement aforementioned. Special Po
liceman Unger noticed that the horse's
sides were raw and bleeding where the
rowels had been driven into them so
he arrested the rider and charged him
with cruelty to animals. Judge Mogan
will hear the defense to-morrow.
• • •
And papa, a small man of meek de
meanor, arose and followed his bet
ter half.
-Id's all right, papa," said Mrs. Witt
man to her husband, after she had
thanked^ the Judge. "Der Shoodge haf
kindly gifen me der gontlnoo id, und
says dot ve can home go. Come along,
papa."
Mrs. Julia Wittman, who posed as a
complainant in Judge Cabaniss 1 court
Wednesday, appeared yesterday before
the same tribunal as a defendant, Miss
Clara Neall accusing her of disturbing
the peace the previous evening on Mary
street, where both ladies reside. Mrs.
Wittman requested a continuance on
the ground that she desired to consult
an attorney and the hearing was set
for next Tuesday.
Miss Anita Nolan denied that her
husband, T. J., was chasing her in
anger when .Special Policeman Cas
tro stopped and arrested him at Sixth
and Howard street* late Tuesday night.
"No, indeed. Judge, .he had no inten
tion of injuring me." said Mrs. Nolan
to Judge Mogan. "We were coming
home from a card party and he sug
gested that we hurry, as ne had to rise
early next morning. So we started to
run and I was several yards ahead of
him when this policeman tripped him
up. T. J. and I have been married
three months and we never had an an
gry word."
The officer reiterated his statement
that Anita was terror stricken and T>
J. ablaze with wrath when he saw
them and stopped the race, but his
Honor chivalrously took the lady's
word for It and dismissed the case.
"Emulate the leopard and change
your spots," was Judge Mogan's ad
vice to a fruit peddler who had ob
stinately ignored a policeman's request
that he keep his wagon moving along
Market street. Ere the laugh subsided
the case was dismissed.
Mrs. Grace Doig, wife of a machinist
and mother of five children, was be
fore Judge Mogan on the charge of
shoplifting. Special Officer Allen ar
rested her in the Emporium and found
concealed under her coat three small
framed pictures, which, he averred, she
had been seen to pick up from a coun
ter. The woman was unprepared to
offer a defense, and the hearing will
take place October 13.
There was a leave taking scene yes
terday morning in the corridor of the
Police courts that awakened more hu
man sympathy among the habitues of
the place than one Would reasonably
suppose to have lodgment there.
Judge Conlan had ordered sixteen
year-old Mary Carpenter, convicted of
waywardness, to an institution for the
reformation of incorrigible girls, and
she was seemingly In unrepentant
mood as she left the courtroom in
custody of Sergeant P. E. Fraher and
Patrolman. Thomas O'Flynn, accom
panied by her sorrowing father, Wil
liam B. Carpenter. Awaiting her in
the corridor were her mother and sis
ter, and when she appeared the two
women burst into violent weeping and
embraced her. For a moment she pas
sively accepted their endearments and
then her stubbornness abruptly gave
way, her arms flew around them and
the trio sobbed together. The two po
licemen considerately turned their
backs upon the miserable ones and
O'Flynn was seen to remove a tear
surreptitiously "from his rugged cheek.
When the father, also weeping, gent
ly interposed to return the prisoner to
her patient custodians, she fell upon his
breast and hysterically beseeched him
to forgive her for the disgrace she had
brought upon him as well as herself,
and the man soothingly stroked her
hair and begged her to be calm, assur
ing her that he forgave. They would
soon be reunited, he said, for he felt
certain that her conduct in the asy
lum would be so exemplary as to earn
her speedy release. His encouragement
gradually comforted the girl until she
ceased crying. Then she again kissed
her sister and parents.
"I'll be a good girl.'just wait and see
if I won't," were her parting words.
LEAVES PARTING NOTE
PRESIDENT TO ATTEND
NEWS A BIG SURPRISE
Old Man With Leather
Leg Cannot Obtain Work
and Resolves to Die
Complete Arrangements for
the Official Funeral of
Late Postmaster General
Old Quarters Are So Small
That New Home Must Be
Prepared for Children
Auditor of the Southern
Pacific Resigns a Posi
tion He Held for Years
Young Girl Convicted of Waywardness
Has Leave-Taking With Her Family
That Affects All Who. Witness It
NEED OF AID
FOR CITY WAIFS
CRIPPLE TAKES
SUDDEN POISON
GEORGE KLINK
IS TO RETIRE
FLAGS TO FLY
AT HALF-MAST
STIRS EMOTIONS OF POLICE
COURT HABITUES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1004.
7
FREE FREE FREE.
TEA •"•- '-'•'¦¦
' ' GARDEN - — — _
¦»• '"• ".",'-. ':-¦• drips.
A QUART V CAN OF SYRUP
For the table. Upon this prod-'
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built up its reputation.
- A CAN FREE .
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL. ,j
. See announcement on classi-
fied page. KS»9B«t*HBBH|
ADVERHSEMEXTS.
INTERESTING FACTS.
For Nearly Every Man, Woman or Child.
A chort time ago we published an ar-.
tide recommending to our readers the
new discovery for the cure of Dyspep-
sia, called Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets,
and the claims then made regarding
the wonderful curative properties of
the remedy have been abundantly sus-
tained by the facts. People who were
cautious about trying new remedies
advertised in the newspapers and were
finally induced to rive Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets a trial were surprised
and delighted at the results. In many
cases a single package costing but 50
cents at any drug store made a com-
plete cure and in every instance the
most beneficial results were reported.
From a hundred or more received we
have Epace to publish only a few of
the latest, but assure our readers we
receive so many commendatory letters
that we shall publish each week a fresh
list of genuine, unsolicited testimo-
nials and never publish the same one
twice.
From James Temmeisler, La Crosse,
"XVis.: Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
doing me more good than anything I
ever tried and I was 60 pleased at re-
sults that I gave away several boxes to
my friends, who have also had the
same benefits.
From Jacob Anthony, Portmurray,
New Jersey: I have taken Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets with the best re-
sults. I had Dyspepsia for 6 years
and had taken a great deal of medicine,
but the Tablets seem to take right a
hold and I feel good. I am a farmer
and lime burner and I heartily recom-
mend to everyone who has any trouble
with his stomach to use these Tablets.
From Mri. M. K. West, Preston,
Minn.: I have received surprisingly
good effects from using Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablet*. I gave one-half of my
last box to a friend who also suffered
from Indigestion and she had the same
good results.
From Mrs. Agnes K- Ralston, Cadil-
lac. Mich.: I have been 1 taking Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets and I am very much
better, and feel very grateful for the
great benefit I have received In so short
a time.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a cer-
tain cure for all forms of Indigestion.
They are not claimed to be a cure-all,
but are prepared for stomach troubles
only, and physicians and druggists
everywhere recommend them to all per-
sons suffering: from Nervous Dyspep-
sia, sour or acid stomach, heartburn,
bloating or wind on stomach and simi-
lar disorders.
j5 visit DR. JORDAN'S an cat 4
fBBSEOB OF AHATOHYf
\ C-T. Tk« l-»»r«i« Atatt «itU Miumiat In ifct \
U >-©r!tf Wralrrnxi *r aar r.ntrtct'd a
£ flEfcffi ? ! '«"*"~ rttl " I r--r«lkrt..i« ei t£
9 /ESI »?«a.lmc«i»«Ce t .t t.t. Jt ,«.,». ©
4 e*S,f h DR - Jordan-diseases oe men s
\ f€M?N Cewfcmrtoii fr*, .nd *n<t\ r prime. \
\ I W M H ""'*" °» r «to»»«7e»s«B»<l«1mk«n. f
/) P ,7 11 V w *<«f<* A
V • ff jl* BfAMttlAOK. MAtUO FftUL. (AY
A i» IP ** tMtrf < bMk '•' ""¦•¦¦> V
V OJBUJOBOAjW^^W^IOlllMwrkMl Bt.8. F. 9
Always Bemember the ran zrame
| axative ftromo Quinine
Cures a Cold inOneDey. Crip in 2 Da v;
(n^A onevery
IA/..X. HESS.
arotazr Fnblle and Attorn ey-at- Law.
Teeth i-'loor. fioum 1V1A. Claua Spreckela bIJx.
Telep&one ~ Main PS3.
Residence. 1602 McAllister su
2t«16csc« TelepfaoM Pum S64JL ¦ " -
' ¦ -^ :
EiaiSslHBBBBBBHBaBaEiaBBEDBBDHBBBBBBBBBBaOBaaaBaS
I nilR W F I
! UUll urLulHL OHLL [
g For Friday, Saturday and Monday, Oct. 7, 8 and 10 g
jT^ScotclrPlaid Tailors |
B We will place on sale any of these Suits and silk-line any of ¦
|j these with the best of silk, and no extra charge. Take ad- Jj
H vantage of this. A chance of a lifetime to get such goods at ¦
\ such a low price. Fit and workmanship the very best. Our E
H guarantee should - linings or any part of the garment not B
¦ wear satisfactorily. We line same free of charge. a
[SCOTCH PLAID TAILORSl
5 THE LAR6EST TAILORING HOUSE IN THE WORLD g
I San Francisco Store— 1 009 Market Street §
I Oakland Store— 1 054 Washington Street |
» Our San Francisco arid Oakland Stores are the first to show n
H -these : fine Woolens at such a low price as . q
I No MoreVAljaUU No Less a
§ Stores open uintil io o'clock Saturday evenings. h
h One Pound of Prunes Given Away Free at All Our j
a Stores Tuesdaya: m. From 8 to 12— FrtEE H
«HBaBSBaaBBBKBBB3flniBIBB>fBBIBBanBSBBEEZSiBnBSBa
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
||r Cut the Can fe
HU and compars the quality of E|J
III Brand if
II Evaporated H
11 Oreani m
||| with any of its imitations. M§
I/HI Note ths difference. See ho?/ Sf3
fga| smooth and appetizing our ry|3
Era product is, owing to its fsa£
llH neav y consistence, which fgn
y?| keeps the butter fat equally Kg
l|n distributed, in contrast with flS'J
Sal the cheap and thin imita- js|
Jran tions which allow the but- ff§$l
: i&il| ter fat to rise and form fffiK
vUlua
La Qrippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Ha!-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of HaJpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of cha'rge from 1 to 4 p. m.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN]
; MEDICAL
LUBSCOVERV
S FOR THE
t rtLOOD,aJVER.LUNG&
"DUTTCl-IirQ FOR BARBERS. BA-
DuUOIIIjO kers. bootblacks, bath,
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brnii Manor actnrera, 6O9 Sacramento St.
OCEAX TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and ll>.
San Francisco:
For Ketchikan. Wranget.
Juneau, Halivea, Skaruay.
«tc, Alaska — IX a. m., Octo-
ber 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Nor.
1. ' Change to this company**
•teamen at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancoorer.
Port Townaend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett.
South BclUngham. BeMngham — 11 a.m.. Oct. 2.
7. 12, 17. 23. 27. Nov. 1. Chang- at Seattle to
this company's steamers for Alaaka aad O. N.
Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N*. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m. October 1, 7, 13. 19. 23. 31. Nov. a.
Corona, 1:30 D. m.. October 4. 10. 16. 22. 281
Nov. a.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angelas aad
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbaras-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lot Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. October fl. 14. 22. 30. Nov. 7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. October 2. 10. 13. 24,
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Ouaymasi (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
mUVBT OT7ICIS — 4 New Siontgomv*
ery at. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market at.. and Broad*
way wharves. ZTelffnt Offlce 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutler wt. will
call for and check baggage from hotels an*
residences. Telephone Exchange 31X
TOYO Kip KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will leave Pacific Maa wharf. eet»
n>r F!rst and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. fof
YOKOHAMA and HONCKONO. calling a«
Kobe (Hioeo). Nagasaki and Shanghai an<t
connecting at Hongkong wttli steamers fo»
India, etc. No cargo received on board en das)
l! S* AMERICA MARC...
"Wednesday. October 19. 19©§
Via Bocolulii — Round-trip ticket* at redncM
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Oneral Agant.
OccanlcS.s.w.ESja
8. 8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 3. 11 a.ra.
S. S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 20. 2 p. m.
I.D.SPBICXELS 4 BEOi Ca, 10S. JlCtBt Cmca 643 Xn-
t8L miZlU Offltt 329 MHBl 31, PlST 7, PacllS SL
COMPAQXIE ezaXSALS THASSATLASTIW3L
DIRECT LlNB TO HAVRB-PARia
Sailing every Thursday Instead or 4CTC£B»
Saturday, at 10 a. nu. from PJer 43. *«^bb1bT*»
North River, foot of Meetoa st.
F1r»t class to Havre. S70 and upward. fle«-
end class to Ham. t+5 and upwirl. OSM-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES ANTJ
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. P. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific CoaM
Axenta & Montgomery avenue. Saa Fr«ncUco.
Ticket*, sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta,
TO U.S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMER iTT CORCORAN
Leaves S. F.. Clay st.. N end of Ferry bid*.
dally 9:30 a. m., 3 and *9 p. m. Sundays.
0:30 a. m.. 3 p. m.. leave Vallejo dally 6:SO
I a. m. 12:30 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays 5 p. m.
I Fare 2Sc. P. A. O. Co. Phone Main «4I,
•Saturdays excepted. ¦¦
For XT. S. STavy Yard aad Tallajo.
Sirs. General Friable. Montlcello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. A p.m.. 3:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:3O pm. Leave Vallejo,- T
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 8 p.m. Sun-
days. 7 a.m.. 9 a~m.. 3:2O pm., A p.m. Pier SL
«. Mission it.; phone Main 1508. HATCH BROSGloves.
Black gloves are worn with all black,
though with a white* rig black /gloves;
hat and shoes are : modish. £; ,; >\^I
Borne women will wear fabric gloves
With short or semi T short sleeves for
the promenade and resort wear mous
quetaire gloves will be. necessary.
A lovely draped sleeve caught Into
two cuffs is finished with a puff and
two ruffles, and ends # nearer the wrist
than the elbow. . * . , - .
Greater sleeve variety. would be hard
to find, as it ranges from the coat sleeve
of the tailored suit through all sorts of
ballooniness to the evening puff.
Louis Seize sleeves are snug; the el
bow length is frilled.
These big sleeve tops actually cry for
accompanying revers. ,
For a cloth costume there's a mous
quetalre sleeve in small leg-o'-mutton
shape.
Sleeves.
Those colored handkerchiefs which
have white centers, colored borders and
white edges are pretty. The edge is
hemstitched, straight in places and at
others rubbing up in to. the colored bor
der in flowers and other, fanciful de
signs. These are the fine and expen
sive handkerchiefs.
Handkerchiefs.
till cold weather comes, and some oth
ers have worn kid all summer.
Suede kid is too soft and pretty to be
cast aside, and pastel . shades look well
with clothes in dark hues.
The elbow sleeves, which are among
the numerous Louis XVI revivals, pre
sage any number of elbow length
gloves.
GiRLS, PLEASE DON'T
Say things to the* boys which
would not sound,- well in your
home.
Go about looking as if you
expected men to make slight
ing remarks about you.
Take on airs with the idea
that you thus^ fix a high social
position. I I
Carry; on a correspondence
with a man without the knowl
edge of your mother.
Accept attentions of a mark
ed \ character from a married
man. f ; . <
Be' too liberal in the, letters
sent to. your, girl friends.
Show an objection to as
sociating with people because
they are poor.
Play the cad to women
whose social standing is above
your own. '
Try to make others .think
you always have had the,lux
uries of Ufe.
Be ashamed to* confess : that
you can't ajrorditogolnto ex
travagant' expenditure.~Phila
delphiar Bulletin/ f'
THERE has recently been published under the authorization of
the Prussian Minister of Education a comprehensive review of
. the history and organization of public education in the German
empire, designed as a contribution to the educational exhibit of the
St. Louis Exposition. A compendium of the material, brought out
in condeYised form by Hcrr \V. Lexis of Gottingen* gives to the
uninitiated an illuminating view of the whole course of public educa
tion in Germany and offers opportunity for contrast with the sys
tem that obtains in our country.
The salient feature which presents itself upon a close study
of this little book by Her: Lexis is the evidence of Government
control throughout the entire German scheme of education. In the
twenty-two universities of the empire the entire administration fol
lows regulations set by imperial decree, sovereign privileges control
the operation of their faculties, appointments to their academic sen
ates come only from the Emperor's hand. Throughout the who!.;
regimen of the secondary and primary schools rigid civil service
rules control the selection of teachers, their tenure of office is coter
minous with their efficiency, and pensions relieve the burdens of old
age when retirement is forced upon them. In the elementary schools
regulations, while of no less bureaucratic a character, emanate from
the governments of the respective states in the .empire rather than
from central national authority.
Thoroughness is the pre-eminent characteristic of the German
system of education from the kindergarten to the university. That
merit cannot be assailed. Both in the trainingof teachers andin
the enforcement of the study requirements the scheme of education
obtaining in Emperor William's land is qualified to point the way
to some beneficial revisions of our own standards. Technical educa
tion, first established by Frederick the Great, has attained a higher
degree of specialization and perfection in' Germany than elsewhere;
In every avenue of knowledge. there is manifested a painstaking com
pleteness of effort, even amounting in some instances to finical pet
tiness, such as jvc see in no other educational sphere.
GERMAN PUBLIC EDUCATION.
In play suits ; for children there is a
great variety. Jean, holland and other
old-time serviceable materials are em
ployed for them. They come in quaint
styles, for there are "farmer" suits,
"Jap" clothes, Indian rigs, cowboy out
fits and soldier costumes. v r . V
The Youngsters Play Suits.
IN THE REALM OF FASHION
Welsh Rarebit — Melt one cup of grat
ed cheese, add one cup of cream and a
level tablespoon of butter. After the
mixture is hot add a beaten egg, sea
son with salt and paprika and a salt
spoon of mustard. Serve as soon as the
egg is cooked on small slices of toasted
bread.
ANSWERS
BLOOD CIRCULATION— Subscriber.
City. The discovery of the circulation
of the blood, as now understood, was
made by Dr. William Harvey, first pub
lished by him. however, in 1828. He was
partially anticipated by Servetus, Real
dus, Columbus and Cassalpinus. and al
most entirely so by Paolo SarpI, whose
claim in this respect has been generally
overlooked. The discovery waa com
pleted by the demonstration (with the
aid of the microscope) of the blood cor
puscles and the capillaries between 1653
and 1687 by Swammerdam, Malplghi
and Leeuwenhoek.
Flowing Veil Condemned.
It is said that the flowing veil, which
has been so popular this summer, is
to be condemned this fall. This ar
ticle of wearing apparel which has
added to the beauty of many young
women has been condemned at the
National Milliners' Convention in Chi
cago. No woman who expects to be
considered in style will wear anything
but a closely fitting veil, and.it must
be selected to fit her eyes, complexion
and shape, of her face.
"Imagine the despair of the automo
bile girl. What will she wear to hold
her hat down?" asked one woman.
"And what will our many young wom
en do without them ? The big ' bow
of veiling under the chin was most be
coming to most girls, and now that
they will have to wear close-fitting
veils it would be well to* establish the
fashion of wearing _ chiffon neckwear
with big bows under the chin."
In The Call, under the caption. **A
Disgusted Inventor," there recently ap
peared a humorous editorial based upon
a report that the alleged inventor of a
device by which users of the telephone
might see each other, has broken his
model and destroyed his plans because
he feared that he might be cheated out
of it. ]'¦ v
TheVe is a great deal of truth be
tween the lines of the first paragraph
of the editorial. The impecunious in
ventor to-day is a fool to hope for
practical aid in the development of his
ideas from the world of money. There
are tens of thousands of really valu
able devices — valuable to mankind —
that are rotting away in out of the way
garrets because the inventor has
sought financial aid to complete the in
vention and found that he must rart
with almost all of the fruits of his
brain's labor for the paltry sum neces
sary.
The device alluded to* in the editorial
is one that has been claimed by hun
dreds. Not one has yet materialized.
Briefly stated, it is based upon the as
sumption that electricity may be me
chanically converted into light, as is
electricity converted Into sound in the
uses of the telephone.
In 1S94 the writer, then residing at
Tacoma, while experimenting with the
solar spectrum, discovered the presence
of two additional rays, one of which
was electrical and the other magnetic.
Reasoning that vibration was the fun
damental base of the phenomena of
heat, sound and light, a theory so
lucidly illustrated in the telephone, the
writer constructed a device which dfd
transmit light forms.' Two boxes were
connected • with a wire over which
passed an electric current. They were»
separated at a distance, one box being
at one part of the house and the other
at another part. When a light, such aa
a lamp or candle, was exposed in front
of one box an observer at the other
box perceived a luminous glow within,
the box he looked into.
The crude fact was established that
light forms could be transmitted by
electrical energy. But to perfect the'
apparatus so that It would present to
a distant observer the distinct outlines
of the Illumined form exposed at the
sending station, required experimenting
with improved mechanism, and the
-financial ability to provide such was be
yond the powers of the writer. The
name "telectroscope" was given to the
device and It waa mentioned at some
.length by many of the leading news
papers of the country, naming the in
ventor.:
No one, however, was willing to ad
vance the necessary funds and so the
matter rested. The Xew Tork Herald
did send their representative to me and
asked to be given a full account of the
invention. I replied to this modest (?)
request by saying: That If the Herald
would place, say. five thousand dollars
to the credit of the writer, to be used
in developing the invention. I would
give a one-third interest to the Herald
and, bmldes, confine all information to
that paper exclusively. The represent
ative of the Herald said he had been
| directed personally by Mr. Bennett to
! seek me and that he would lay before
j Mr. Bennett my proposition, v It un
doubtedly laid down and never arose.
My experience is that of thousands
of other • Inventors, who, by reason of
their poverty and pride, have buried in
the graveyard of dead hopes Inventions
that, made public.- would bless the
whole world by lightening the burden
of toil and rendering possible a fuller
enjoyment of life.
¦_. Your editorial -voices, the. truth: \ "It ri
is a pity that he had no adviser whom
he could trust to secure to him the
advantages of such a discovery." •
-¦VOTING— Old Subscriber, Cal. The
article on the right of suffrage in the
constitution of the State of California
says: "No person who shall not be
able to read the constitution In the
English language and write his name
shall ever exercise the privilege of an
elector in this State: provided, that the
provisions of this amendment relative
to an educational qualification shall not
apply to any person prevented by a
physical disability from complying with
its requisitions, nor tp any person 'who
shall be sixty years of age and upward
at the time this amendment shall take
effect." "¦ (Amendment ' adopted Novem
ber 6, 1S94.) . ¦
High Heeled Hosiery.
There is no doubt about the fact
that >very high-heeled shoes are being
worn; it Is so necessary to show some
thing excessively dainty in shoe leath
er when; the delicate flimsy summer
skirt is lifted from the \ ground.,." It
has " been " rumored, * with a certain
amount of likelihood, that boots made
of : cloth with -pointed toe-caps v of col
ored leather to match the dress will be
bought, and .some of the shoemakers
are trying, to introduce as a novelty
elastic side boots, ; which[ , certainly
used to make the. feet of those who
wore them look elegant and; slender.
A -fine opportunity • is being afforded
those who .; like shoes ) for ;_the 'display
of lovely stockings inset with lace, and.
of /course, of a color that matches the
$ own* i
Rice Croquettes— They are a dainty
at their best with creamed chicken or
veal. Wash and boll one cup of rice,
salt and drain. Beat with a fork or
egg beater until even and smooth.
Moisten with either milk, broth or to
mato sauce just before taking from the
fire. Add the beaten yolk of two eggs
and nutmeg and white pepper to taste.
Then add two tablespoonfuls of butter.
Stir, thoroughly so that the eggs will
thicken the mixture. Set over the flre
and stir through it two tablespoonfuls
of grated cheese. When the rice be
gins to thicken cool and finish as in
other croquettes.
Beef a la Mode — Take three pounds
of the round of beef and make inci
sions in it. Press two small onions and
two small carrots cut in quarters in
the incisions- Put two slices of pork in
the bottom of a kettle and brown the
meat in the fat as it fries out. Sprin
kle with chopped parsley, usingr about
a tablespoon and a sprig of thyme or
a bit of bay leaf. After the meat is
brown Just cover it with boiling water,
cover and simmer slowly for two hours.
RECIPES
INVENTORS' WOES |
WHEN* the San Francisco Local Council of Women resolved
to urge the Board of Education to allow the yards of the
public schools to be utilfzed as children's playgrounds after
school hours, it indirectly testified to the rapid growth of the city's |
population during the last half-dozen years.
Prior to the American-Spanish war and the impetus it gave to
California's commerce and industry there was no lack of waste!
places, even in the most thickly settled districts, where boys and girls j
cculd disport themselves without danger from passing vehicles, i
Since then there has been a gradual filling of the empty lots with
dwellings to accommodate the steady influx of new residents, until j
now almost every available foot of ground within convenient distance I
of the business center is occupied. j
With the disappearance of the vacant realty appeared additional i
children and the growing necessity of providing safer means for !
their outdoor play than is afforded by the streets. The public ¦
squares are neither numerous enough nor sufficiently equipped with j
recreative facilities to give the little ones the freedom of enjoyment ',
they seek and are entitled to, and the single public playground south j
of Market street serves only the need of its immediate vicinity, j
Cognizance of these facts was first taken by the Collegiate Alumnae, i
and consideration of the subject led to the suggestion which the
Local Council of Women has taken up and submitted to the.Edu
cation Board.
The idea is not entirely new. In several of the large Eastern
cities the yards of the public schools are open during all daylight
hours to the pupils, and the yard of one San Francisco school, the
Hamilton Grammar, is free of entry throughout the afternoon to any
decent appearing and well behaving lad who may apply to the
janitor in charge. Although this school is in a district less congested
as to population and containing more vacant lots than most of the :
other districts, its yard is crow-ded every afternoon with merry- i
making boys and the policemen patrolling the neighborhood are cor- |
respondingly relieved of care.
In the Eastern school yards that are never closed adults ap
pointed for the purpose discipline the children and are empowered =
to expel the disorderly ones. Similar functionaries would undoubt- \
cdiy be necessary in this city, and their salaries would be the only
Hem of expense connected with the plan's operation. The fact that '
the majority of the school yards are disproportionately small when :
compared with the number of children they are intended to accom- '
modate cuts no .significant figure in the proposal before the Board;
of Education, other than to emphasize the necessity of having ade
quate playgrounds attached to the school buildings of future con
struction. The play as well as the work of the pupils should be
considered when the plans of the architects are submitted.
AFTER-SCHOOL PLAYGROUNDS.
The accompanying picture Is repro
duced from a very amusing article in
La Vie II lustre on the art of adver
tisement as practiced in the gayest of
all gay cities. The sandwich man of
Paris is certainly a picturesque varia
tion of the same gentleman In Lofidon.
He has to make himself very ridicu
lous, but he is paid a little better. In
Peris, however, as In London, every
sandwich man has a history. The
writer of the article In La Vie mu3tre
has discovered that one had been a
professor, whatever that may mean;
another had always been congratulated
in his earlier years upon his likeness
to Victor Hugo. On the whole, how
ever, life works itself out very much
the same way in one great city aa in
another.
MAX WITH BOTTLE HAT. ONE OT |
THE WALKING "ADS" SEEN IN
PARIS. * I
And then my brother spear must prune the
vine.
While I. a kJr.g. made slave, win turn the
sod . . . - ¦„--»--;
The joyful earth with unknown beauty shlri*.
And man. made just, shall do the will of
God. .
Then Right, whose deeds have never j led to
strife.
Will rule In ev'ry land. an<J cruel Wrong.
Wh'ij» hands are ever red with human life-.
Will cease to voice ambition's siren song.
My subject millions hail the breaking day:
This rising sun ere long shall light tne
world;
Net all my venging power can these dismay.
And soon my bloody banner must be furled.
Where Justice calls then* millions are u on*.
They go not forth for glory, fame or power.
Nor braver men e'er stood beneath the sun;
With them I'm but the servant of the hour.
But. oh. far off. upon the western »Jcy.
I see the portents of my final day.
Where bold young Freedom's banner, lifted
high.
"With cheering light illumes the tollers* way.
Beneath its shining folds, with steadfast will.
A mighty host of truest fre«men stand.
Who only strike against the wrong and 111.
Then bold and valiant Right has full com
mand.
What tongue could count the millions I ha,ra
slain.
Or name the cities' I have laid m dust;
What thought conceive the grief, the woe, the
pain.
That I have brought the Innocent and Just.
For mercy, pity, kindness, snch weak things.
That make the lion tnd the tiger tame,
I leave to common men. or easy kings —
My glory comes with slaughter, blood and j
Came. i
Oh. then I'm King again, and while I reign.
Beneath my pond'rous iron car of might
I heed not groans or piercing cry of pain.
But sternly crush to earth poor, pleading
Hirht.
Ah! then I whisper In Ambition's ear.
Of titled gTeatness. power, renown and fame.
When, lo! mankind is blanched with trembling
fear.
For soon the startled world Is all aflame
When welcome Truce extends her peaceful
hand.
And I. forsooth, am put away to rust.
Then beam in? joy is seen through all the land.
For hope is high and fear aside U thrust.
But for my deeds young Science now were old.
Her helpful gifts had blessed each passing
age;
Earth's thousand wondrous secrets, yet uctoM.
Had long been found on learning's brightest
page.
Its cities vast, by tolling millions built.
By genius crowned with richest works of art.
Its happy vales, where dwell not crime nor
guilt.
Are desolation's home e'er I depart.
Men fill the garners from the gen'rous soil.
They delve the mines and plow the restless
sea.
They lay up stores with ceaseless, patient toil;
And yet this gathered wealth is all for me.
At my command these stores are opened wide.
This wealth is scattered by my bannered
train; . -.
To stay its costly pomp. Its wasteful tide.
Will want and sorrows plea be beard in
vain.
But for my strength these crowns were useless
toys.
The chieftain's boast wer* only Idle breath.
Nor would his fame be found with shout ax.d
noise, ¦
With cUshins steel and flowing blood and
death.
Since hist'ry's dawn the greedy earth I've fed
To sate with bravest . blood,' in constant
stream, . - c „
In rayless night upon the land I tread
Will sorrow's pall enshroud Its blissful
dream.
Now this creat world is mine. I build its
thrones; .- - ¦ • '
No rights has thoughtless man but those 1
Six*.
Men s:-rak of self and land in boastful tones;
'Tis at my pleasure men or nations live.
BY A. L.. FULLER.
IN" the first speech of his new fiscal campaign in England Joseph |
Chamberlain sounded a note of dole for the British empire that j
stubbornly persists in its policy of free trade. According to his j
speech at Luton in Bedfordshire the farming industry is virtually:
destroyed, there are fewer laborer? in England by a complete million j
than in the year 1851. the capital of British farmers has diminished \
by Si. 000.000.000; and, most convincing of all evidences of free;
trade's disastrous sway, there are. according to Chamberlain's word, j
i3,Gra,ooo people in Great Britain that are actually underfed — sub- J
jtcts of a free trade regime for whom the necessities of life are stint- j
cd below the normal point of comfortable existence.
Chamberlain, the astute financier and champion of. a united pan- j
British zollvercin in trade relations, sees in England's persistence j
in the antiquated free trade policy the shadow of coming disaster, |
even of disintegration of the empire. To the enormous bulk of trade
that is Germany's and France's, to the increasing encroachments of
American enterprise — fostered in each instance under the influence ,
of protection. Chamberlain seeks to turn the eyes of his reluctant
countrymen, who have been steeped in free trade theories as in the j
raw fogs of their native heath, from infancy. On this side of the
water this advocate of protection finds an ally in the very measures
he is seeking to set aside at home. The Democratic party promises, ''
upon election, to break down our protective barriers and throw our |
markets open to the heaped-up products of distraught England. '
Through the Democratic application of this principle, which Cham- j
berlain is seeking to eradicate from the economic creed of the Eng- j
lisb, the conditions crying for remedy over there would, singularly j
enough, be blessed with temporary alleviation.
During the last Democratic administration our ports were open j
to the products of England's manufactories and there was no mur- j
mur of protest from the merchants of that tight little isle ; as long i
as they had another nation to support them in their financial folly j
England waxed exceeding prosperous. But how did our balance ]
sheet stand at the end of four years of free trade? We had added j
£262,000.000 to our public debt. The year 1894 had been signalized j
by an excess of expenditure over revenue, the first in the administra- j
tion of the Government since 1865.
In the first year of free trade tariff rule our domestic exports
shrunk in value from $1,015,732,011. the figure for 1892, to $831,030,
785. This shrinkage progressed in a like ratio for the first three years
of free trade. Xo set of authoritative statistics registered the number j
of factories closed, of banks forced to suspend, of mortgages fore- j
closed on the homes of workingmen. The tale of those incidents is
too fresh in the mind to need the telling weight of figures.
Such were the days of free trade in that country and of such j
is the crisis now facing England. In the United Kingdom to-day !
there is being compiled by the very action of the free trade laws I
<:v. indictment against the precepts espoused by the Democrats of j
ibis country, than which there is no weightier. If home arguments \
hre not sufficiently convincing let the voter follow the course of ;
Joseph Chamberlain's fight for protection in Great Britain and draw i
analogies evident to even the most obtuse comprehension.
CHAMBERLAIN AND THE DEMOCRATS.
THE BOAST
OF
THE SWORD
THE SAN FRANClSCOGALLi
JOHN D. 6PRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
SOUS McXACGnT Manacwr
publication crnnc third and market streets, san francisco .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER -7, 190i.
WOULDN'T
HE MAKE
YOU STARE?
WE KNOW WHERE HE STANDS
COPYRIGHT. 1801. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL
8
Finest eyeglasses. 15c to 50c. 79 4th st,
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House.*
Townwnd's California Glace frnlta la
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market at*
, Special Information . supplied dafly t »
business nouses and public men by Um
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Ca)«
tfonda' strityg T»l«pJioa« Mala lMVJUgTo Santa. Crni — S2.OO Round Trip.
During October the Southern Pacific will
run Sunday excursions to Santa Crux, the
dates belne Oct. 9th. 16th. 23d and 30th. for
a round-trip rate of $2. Special train will leave
Third nnd Townsend streets depot at 7:30
a. m.: returning, leave Santa- Cruz at 4:10
p. ni. A Fplendtd "chance to enjoy the unsur
passed bathing, fishing;, boating and other
attractions of this popular resort. Ask about
it to-day at 613 Market street. •
OCTOBER SUNDAY EXCURSIONS.
On November 15 the United Rail
roads will inaugurate a rule on all its
lines compelling cars to come to a
full stop at first crossings on all
streets except at certain points where
grades or curves prevent. At these
particular points it is trie intention of
the company^ to display signs which
will properly designate the stopping
point. The new rule is to be strictly
enforced in order to insure greater
safety to passengers and pedestrians.
It was announced yesterday that the
California and Union street lines will
adopt the same rule regarding the
stopping of cars on cross streets.
Uniform Rule to Be Enforced on All
Cable and Electric Railway
Lines.
GARS TO STOP BEFORE
PASSING CROSS STREETS
PORTUA ND/ Oct. 1 6.— Darin* • the ' past ' few
days : t$00,000 ¦ pounds of Oregon prunes hav«
been cold to eastern commission men at 2 cente
a pound.
RUSH IT." Gabriel : Printing 1 Co.. "Print Any
thing." 410 8acrtmento st. £ Never disappoint.*
WASHINGTON, Oct 6.— By order
of the , War Department the leave of
absence on: a surgeon's" certificate of
disability granted First : Lieutenant R.
E.'^ ; Frith/ Twenty-ninth \. Infantry, v- in
special order's No. ' 181i ,. August 17,
1904,; Department of California,, is ex
tended . one - month ; on account : of sick
ness. "First-class < Private Charles J A.
Patterson, "signal corps. Department
of { California; 'iwill be : ; sent * to/. Fort
Huachuca, ; Ariz., reporting t on ; hisi(ar
rival, to. the commanding^officer if or
duty.. . ¦.«
Army Orders From Washington.
After lunch In WHlits a special train will
take all those desiring- to go to the mills and
ponds of the Northwestern Redwood Company
and to the Redwoods. No extra charge. •
Far* for the round trip only , $3. Tickets
now on sals at 650 Market street,: Chronicle
buildinzv and Tiburon ferry. • . . .--
On Sunday, October 9. th« California North
western Railway will run an excursion to Wil-
Mta. Each ticket sold Insures a scat. Time
of departure from Tiburon ferry, foot of Market
St., will be 7:30 a. m., and from Willlts on
tbe return 4 p. ra. Train will not aton in
transit.
Excursion to Will its.
- WASHINGTON. Oct. 6.— The fol
lowing Caiifornians' arrived here to
day: 'a;-:
From San . Francisco— W. E. Am
ans and E. S. Sullivan, at the New
Willard.
From Santa Clara — Mrs. J. J. More
head, A. Morehead, J. F. Morehead,
Miss J. O'Conner and Lester L. Morse,
at the Raleigh.
. From Los Angeles— W. Bergin and
wife and L". B. McFarland and wife,
at the Raleigh.
Caiifornians in Washington.
>WALMER CASTLE, Kent, England,
Oct. 6. — The latest report of Lady Cur
zon's condition says she passed a bet
ter night and is a little stronger.
Jj&dy Ourzon Gains Strength.
Bedding Dentist Wins Napa Girl.
REDDING, Oct 6. — The engage
ment of Dr. C. C. Corbier, a dentist
of this city, to Miss Josephine C. Rid
er, an accomplished schoolteacher of
Napa, who is interested in the Yel
low Rose mine in northern Trinity
County, where the couple first met
last summer, has been announced. The
wedding will take place at the home
of Miss Rider's parents in Napa on
a date not yet given out ¦ ;;
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— The following
Caiifornians arrived here to-day:
From San Francisco — Dr. I .W. Teriv,
W. F. Dixey and A. M. Getz, at the
Herald Square; Mrs. J. C. Hays Jr., at
the St. Andrews; R. H. Phillips and C.
E. Hemingway, at the Vendome; A. H.
Muller, D. J. Brindwell, G. Waterman
and Dr. S. L. Strickland and. wife, at
the Park Avenue; J. S. Potter and wife
and Mrs. M. Potter, at the Normandie;
J. A. Manning and L. H. Allen, at the
Imperial;. Mrs.' Bash, at the Union
Sauare; Mrs. C. H. Mann, E..C. Paibes
and Mrs. E. F. Denniston, at the Ken
sington; Mrs. F.. A. Hawxhurst, at the
Grand; F. A. Marriott, at the Bar
tholdi; R. B. McLain, at the Gilsey
House; C. S. Tobin, at the Rossmore;
F. S. R. Prentiss, at the Union Square;
the Misses Smith and Mrs. S. Smith, at
the Albermarle; Mrs. W. J. Younger, at
the Hoffman.
From Los Angeles— G. H. Dunlap, at
the St. George: J. P. Hutchinson, at the
Marlborough; J. G. Todd and wife, at
the Grand Union; E. J. von End and
wife, at the Earllngton.
Caiifornians in New York.
MADRID, Oct 6. — King Alfonso's
first pair of shoes has disappeared
from the royal valla at St. Alphon
sus. The custodian has been' arrested.
It is said he obtained $1000 for the
shoes from an English-speaking tour
ist, who was either an Englishman or
an American. The Queen mother of
fers a handsome reward for the re
turn of- the precious relics.
Said to Have Been Sold to a Tourist
for the Sum of One Thousand
Dollars.
FIRST PAIR OF SHOES WORN
BY KING ALFONSO MISSING
The Beethoven sonata was the
op. 22. Nearer to Beethoven-playing
came the pianist in the adagrio than
elsewhere throughout the sonata,
though certain passages in the first
movement were nobly characterized,
and both .the minuet and finale wore
various splendors. But Mr. Hofmann's
Beethoven sympathy is episodic, not
for the thine in mass.
A colossal group of Chopin etudes
followed. Space permits mention only
of brilliant tenderness of the C sharp
minor, and the F minor with its vi
.cious, anchored trill. In the two G flat
"Butterfly" studies the .pianist sim
ply flew. The audience encored both,
of course. A Gluck-Sgambati mel
ody, grave and lovely, a dashing
(Schumann-Tauslg),
and an altogether delicious "Hark,
Hark, the Lark," followed. A Llzst
rhapsody closed the programme, ex
cept for the imperiously compelled
encore, the" ' C minor nocturne of
Chopin. Saturday afternoon will be
the last recital.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
In the whimsical, daintily capricious
field Hoffmann skips lightly ahead of
perhaps any of his contemporaries.
He is here a very Puck of the piano.
Last night — by the way, to a largely
augmented and noisy house — the pian
ist gave the Schumann "Carnival."
Elfish, almost impish, was its hu
mor in places, like the laughter of
fauns through the leaves. At need,
too, it had all the brilliant bravura
quality, and at times considerable
tenderness — which is not the most no
table mark of tbe Hofmann genius.
But the wit of the thingr- — the word
is better than "humor" — most distin
guished the reading.
Something of the same quality one
lifted to in the old French group.
Technically they were adorable, and
only in the "Tenebreuse" (Couperin)
are the deeper emotions drawn upon.
Here, in "La Tenebreuse." Mr. Hof
mann achieved delightful breadth, rare
beauty of tone and noble poise. In
"Le Rappel des Ou.cn.ux," larks trilling:
through rosy mists, and the gro
tesque and stamping "Le Tambpurin"
(Couperin), he was equally and ex
quisitely within his sympathies.
HOFMANN PLAYS
THE WIT WITH
THE "CARNIVAL"
At a meeting of Company A, First
Infantry, N. G. C, held last evening,
Captain George T. Ballinger was
unanimously re-elected as the com
manding officer for the next two years.
Major John H. Hendy was the presid
ing officer.
Captain Ballinger Re-elected.
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 6.— The
Zemstvos throughout Russia are ac
claiming the programme enunciated
by Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky, the new
Minister of the Interior. Among the
many telegrams he has received Is
the following from the Zemstvos of
Nizhni Novogorod:
"The Zemstvos greet your Highness
in the firm conviction that the pro
gramme proclaimed by you will con
vince the people of your good will
and that they may repose implicit
trust in your attitude toward com
munal institutions and the extension
of their sphere of usefulness. The
Zemstvos will insure the peaceful
movement of Russia along the road
of progress."
Programme Announced by • Prince
Sriatopolk-Mlrsky Received With
Great Satisfaction.
Frank J. Hellejr^of Tuscan- is at* the
Occidental. ' > .?.'. .T^ ': :.
Isaac Bird, a Merced stockman, la
at the Lick.
George F. Buck, a Stockton lawyer,
is at the Lick. . ¦ -. ' . : .
R. H. Mason of Honduras is staying
at the Occidental.
N. H. Leggett, a merchant of Tu
lare, is at the Grand.
C. R. Bradbury of Washington, D.
C, is at the St." Francis.
Dr. David Starr Jordan of Stanford
University is at the St. Francis.
Dr. and Mrs. J. W. Robertson of
Livermore are at the California.
J. E. Bamberger, a wealthy mining
man of Salt Lake, is at the St. Francis.
Avery C. White, a prominent busi
ness man of Stockton, is staying at the
Grand.
' N. Bissinger, a capitalist of Port
land, and his wife are registered at
the " St. Francis. .
United States Senator Thomas R.
Bard arrived from the south last night
and is staying at the Occidental;
i J. Ross Clark, vice president of the
Salt Lake road, and his wife are up
from Los Angeles and registered at the
Palace. •
NEW RUSSIAN MINISTER
PLEASES THE ZEMSTVOS
PERSONAIi.
The big flagpole was put up yester
day over the new division headquarters
in the Grant building, from which Old
Glory is to float.
Major Lea Febiger, inspector gener
al's department, was at the Presidio in
specting the troops yesterday.
The troops of the Twenty-eighth In
fantry were paid off yesterday, so there
is plenty of money Jingling in the camp.
Captain John F. Madden will leave
to-night to join his regiment, the
Twenty-ninth Infantry, at Fort Doug
las, Utah.
Surgeon Charles F. Craig has gone
Fast in charge of thirteen insane pa
tients, bound to the National Insane
Hospital.
The young lieutenants do not take
kindly to General Corbin's suggestion.
They know that he is provided with
ample means. His salary is $7000 a
year, and it is reported that the income
of his young wife is somewhere In the
neighborhood of $10,000 per annum,
which makes a neat sum total for the
Corbins of $17,000 a year to keep the
wolf from the door.
Mrs. Corbin, who was Miss Edith
Patton, is well known in this city,
where she resided with her mother and
sisters until she went to Washington,
D. C.
The athletic tournament to be held at
the Presidio on November 17, 18 and 19
is occupying a great deal of attentionu,
not only by the officers, but by the en
listed men. Major R. C. Van Vliet, who
has charge of the exercises, is an adept
in that line. He has chosen to assist
him Captain John L. Hayden, Captain
George P. White and Lieutenant M. E.
Locke.
In his anxiety to" escape being inter-'
viewed on the subject of the marriage
of young army lieutenants Major Gen
eral Henry C. Corbin, who arrived
from the East in his private car early
yesterday morning, hurried on through
to San Mateo, where the Corbins are
the guests of Mrs. Fred Kuhl. Gen
eral Corbin, who is en route to Manila
to assume command of the Division
of the Philippines, did not even visit
army headquarters here to pay his re
spects to Major General MacArthur.
His aid, Captain James A. Moss, called
at the Phelan building ror his chief's
mail and announced that General Cor
bin probably would make a formal call
on General MacArthur next Monday.
Major Van Vliet Is Arrang
ing 'Programme for Tour
nament at the Presidio
BIG SPORTS IN VIEW
general Corbin Seeks to
Avoid Being" Interviewed
on tlie Marriage Question
Rev. William Rader of the Third
Congregational Church, who has been
in Europe for several months, has re
turned, and with his wire and family
has. taken apartments at the Manhat
tan Hotel.
• • . •
Miss Alma B. Craig: and Joseph Li.
McWilliams were married /on Wednes
day evening of this week in St. Luke's
Church, corner of Van Ness avenue and
Clay street. After the ceremony a re
ception was held at the Palace Hotel,
at which only intimate friends were
present The bride was attended by
her sister, Miss Lily Craig, while Mar
garet Palmer and Robbie Craig were
ring bearers. Alexander G. McWilliams
served as best man to his brother. Mr.
and Mrs. Me Williams have gone to St.
Louis, where they will remain about
six weeks.
George Wlllard Brown was married
to Miss Edna Cannon In Portland, Ore
gon, last Wednesday. The groom is a
son of Captain J. A. Brown of the firm
of Brown & McCabe, of the North
west. The bride is a sister of Mrs.
Thomas McCusker, well known In Port
land society.
• • •
Dr^ George A. Leach of New .York,
whovhas traveled widely through Af
rica and India, is in the city en route
to Japan.
. Ex-Governor Adams of Nevada, who
has been In the city for a few days, re
turned , to his home last Wednesday.
He has fully recovered from his recent
severe .accident and "is meeting, with
large success in his business enterprises.
Miss Etelka Williar of Sausalito.gave
an elaborate luncjheon at her home yes
terday.-Many maids aside from those
who are resident in the pretty suburb
were present from San Francisco. Miss
Williar has not long been home from
a northern trip, where she has been
visiting the Drapers. This winter will
see her busily engaged in the social
whirl, and much entertaining will also
be done by Miss Williar herself.
On October 12 Miss r Marie Claire
Adam, daughter of ,'Mr.' and . Mrs.
George Rivers, will be married to Clar
ence Musto at the Church of the Sacred
Heart. Just a week later Guido Joseph
Musto will claim for his bride Miss Ro
milda Sbarboro.
• • *
MIsb Edith Mau entertained ten of
her young girl friends yesterday at
luncheon. The affair, which took place
at her home, 1327 Sutter street, while
informal, was very charming. These
pretty girls are all coming "debutantes
of next Avinter, and they were a bright,
attractive gTOup, who thoroughly en
joyed the festive hour as only, true
youthfulness may. "With decorations of
pink, the table bore a charming appear
ance; a large centerpiece of banked car
nations, from which ran streamers of
pink illusion, gave an unusual effect of
beauty.
RUSHES THROUGH
TO SAN MATEO
LUNCHEONS SET
THE PACE FOR
FALL ACTIVITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER; 7, 1904.
9
A3IUSE31EXTS.
_nj-_rij-LrUXJ-Lj-iJ- _r _ i.i- -!_ i_ u -i ij-ijrx J -cOLj^.Li^i-jn_-«j-oniLjrxj-ii-Lr-ij-i.i- l j-i.rt/ J L. LIT-
A GEXHN'E HIT.
A CLEL\N. MERRT BURLESQUE.
D0WNTHELINE
BY HOWARD JACOTT.
The best production of the year.
More novelties than Any ten former offerings.
> * The unrivaled Cast and Chorus.
Three beautiful acts filled with great specialties.
Don"t miss ••Fischer's Minstrel Matds."
Nights 23c. 50c and 73c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees 25c and 50c
Children at Matinees, 10c and 23c.
Next. "DILLY DALLY."
GRAND SSSIg •
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO JIIGHTS.
YORK
STATE FOLKS
Beginning Next Sunday Matinee
Pixley and Lnder'a Merry Musical ComedT
Hw Burgomaster
I SEATS NOW SELLING,
ALCAZAR^-r
General Manacer.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
EVs 25o to 75c Mats. Thurs. and Sat. 2So to IM
FIFTEENTH AND FAREWELL. WEEK
WHITE | AMD ALCAZAB STOCK CO. |
WHITTLESEY
la Domas* Xastcrpite*,
CAMILLE
MIL WHlTTLJmiaT A3 ARMANI) DCVA&.
NEXT MONDAY— New Alcaxar Btock Co. la
LORD AND LADY ALOY.
First Appearance of LJIlUn Lawreneo^ Joha
Crais and Elizabeth Woodson.
CENTRALS?
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phon* South 538
TO-NIOHT— LAST THBEB NIGHTS.
ilatlneea To-morrow and Sunday.
Mammoth Production, of the Sceato
Sensational Drama.
I DEALERS IN
|WHITE WOMEN
DDlfPC Evenings 10c to 30o
rftlWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25a
Monday, Oct. 10— Monster Production «£
"SHB."
JAMES AND BONNIE FARLEY
And » Splendid Show Every Afternooa
and Evening la tha Theater.
TAKE A RIDS ON THE
KXBrZATTTKS SLEO7SIO RATT.gQAP.
SEVEN BABY LIONS n* THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
Rear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN 5e
When Phoning Ask for "Tbe Chute*"
MISCELXAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BASEBALL,,
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
WED., THURS.,^FRIDAY... 3:30 P. M.
SATURDAY ;...? 3:00 P. M.
8UNC* y - .-nriTrrrnv %~: . 2 :30 p. m.
Ladles Free Thursday and Friday.
, Advance Sale of Seats at 3 Stockton Street.
THE WEEKLY CALL, $1 PER YEAR-
FREE —^- FREE — FREE.
TEA -
—^- — — GARDEN —
-T '—— — — DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
•For the table. Upon' this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built* its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY; CALL.
. See announcement \ on classi-
fied p^^BBHflHBJSHHScJE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W%Ej^t>ffiLOPING
MT& PRINTING
p| atCutRgte§
\ > IB I excel In this
\ . Kl work, because I
{/¦¦Jiii* have had long; ex-
Mt «L perience in it and
jffiWcHfTPgfk because I am prop-
CTQyaB^g • rly equipped for it.
¦gtagKT Give me a trial.
D ETEIiOFISTG I
Roll of 6 10c! Roll of II.... 16o
PSINTUIOi
Solio finish.. .3c-5c | Velox finish.. 3o-6e
DATLIGET I.OADIHO FILKS — In
all popular sizes. Popular prices.
AZTSCO CAXEBA8 — From 82 up.
CYKO PHOTO PAPEB— Prints by
gasliphL Beautiful effects.
Cameras repaired at moderate
rates.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET. Opp. Fifth,
SAX FRANCISCO.
When Danger Signals
your liver out of order, con-
6tipation, or your stomach not
working rigHt, it's a sign of
distress which, unheeded, will
lead to trouble— it is time to
take
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 25c. '
/ — "v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/9L 4 _ ta ra (>'J!) KEAKirr ST. Establish**
ij^^i^kU, l«4 for the trtilmmt of JTIvntc
¥h I *\ -WFff !*'"•••*•• i"fl Manbood.' r>*bll)ty or
CMfS^mfc <l '•"•IKK w faring on tKX)r»nd mind and
"CKBT" «l^<'a Uidi-nscB. Tlie Doctorcores when
U&* ¦other* .ML Try htm." < % h»rt*a low.
r --— .—*—* CKllorwrlM.
btv J. r. «HB*S, tea Fnadaoo. Cat.
• AMUSEMENTS. '£<
VULUIVIDI A LEADING THEAiS
THIS AHX> NEXT WEEK.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAT.
. ¦ . . . Matinee Saturday Only.
¦¦¦¦mmbmmm Cliarlei B. DiUingham Prattnts
¥1 FRANK
% DANIELS
L_Jv n h E OFFICE BOY
Bonaa >t the AUutmbr*. beg. Snn^ Oct. 16
, AI»VliKTISKMEXTS.
I Young women may avoid much sick- .1
ness and pain, says Miss Alma Pratt, if
they will only have faith in the use of
Lydia K Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
u Dear Mrs. Phtosam : — I feel it my duty to tell all yotmg women
how much Lydia E. Pinkham's wonderful Vegetable Compound has
done for me. I was completely run down, unable to attend school, and
did not care for any kind of society, but now I feel like a new person,
*ud have gained seven pounds of flesh in three months.
a I recommend it to all young women, who suffer from female weak-
ness."— Miss Alsia Pratt, Holly, Mich.
r FREE MEDICAL ADVICE TO YOU3TG GIRIiS. v> "- -~.
All young" grirls at this period of life are earnestly invited to
m-ite Mrs. Pinkham for advice; she has guided in a motherly way
hundreds of young women; her advice is freely and cheerfully
given, and her address is Lynn, Mass.
Judging 1 from the letters she is receiTinjf from so many young girls Mrs. '•
Pinkham believes that our girls are often pushed altogether too near the
limit of their endurance nowadays in our public schools and seminaries.
Nothing is allowed to interfere 'with studies, the girl must be pushed to
the front and graduated with honor ; often physical collapse follows, and it
takes years to recover the loBt ri tali ty,— often it is never recovered.
A Young: Chicago Girl Saved from Despair.
"Dear Mrs. Ptn-kham:— I wish to thank you for the help and ben-
efit I have received through the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound and Liver Pills. When I was about seventeen
_^— ggs^^js, years old I suddenly seemed to lose my usual good*
,f^SS*||K£2|^egji^^ health aad vitality. Father said I studied too
hard, but the doctor thought different and
prescribed tonics ? which I took by the
quart without relief. Reading one day in
\ fe^g^^^^^^E^^ the paper of Mrs. Pinkham's great cures,
'^^^T <^^^^^^^^Qj and finding the symptoms described an-
) ** >y|§^gggfigBjgiF swered mine, I decided I would give Lydia
/ Ffw^^^S E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound a
I tr * a *- * n °k sa5r a vr0T^ *° the doctor;
ift&P'* * bought it myself, and took it according
c2if& s^£p&<Z§£grFm to directions regularly for two months,
t^i-^^-j^^g^^^ 5^^^ and I found that I gradually improved,
r " j®^«^^^55/ and that all pains left me, and I was my
+ Xp* t '*/ ) j iff old self once more. — Lillije E. Sinclair,
I 17 E« 22d St, Chicago DL W
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is the one sure rem-
edy to be relied upon at this important period in a young girl's
life ; with it she can go through with couraee and safety the work
ehe must accomplish, and fortify her physical well being so that
her future life may be insured against sickness and suffering.
A P ft ft (\ FORFEIT!!** cannot forthwith prodme* th« original lttten and «lgn»tnrei of
\n &boT« tcillmotd»l«, vhlck -will pror* their absolute gennlneneti.
OwUUU Lrdlk S. flsUian U«Uc1im Co., LfU. Xui. j
Friday Surprise Sale
Prices for To-Day Only
Women's Stockings J Wool Etamine Wool Homespuns I
(Main Aisle) (Main Floor) j v o • t- it t
** a pair-Extra heavy, double 22n 3<Wn< J W ° o1 **$$• a IRc Hometun B
1\C threaded Stockings, made MC very firm weave with open OQt f!?tT Thi's material Z ac- 1
Lf} * of selected Maco Cotton mesh. This material sells ,. »e«s. lni» material la ac I
with double heSs toes and soles' over our counters regularly at 50c a tually worth 6oc a yard and has
: with double heels, toes and soles. yard but has been reduced for this been reduced just for this occa-
1 he color is stainless black and Friday Surprise Sale. Colors are -: nn The colors are erav and tan
the Stocking is made especially for navy royal, reseda, tan. garnet, cadet STxtnriv
: winter wear. This Stocking is aDd black - miXtUre3 -
never sold for less than 35c. This A»«/**l»«*% r*wr>«* 1 *» « » *%
is a special for Friday only. Anotner Oreat, Sale of Pompons
... , — .^ - . - Petticoat* Offering (second Fioor> \
\ VyOmen S INlgnt bOWI\S . (Second Floor) a All of our large Coque Pom-
(Second Floor) Price Reduced Still Further. \MP pons, in black, brown, navy
I 7Q— Night Gowns, made of a <©» an<^ natural color, will be
IOC good Q uaIit y Flannelette, ' Jm&£&J& placed on, special sate to-day at this
cut extra full, with deep S^J C^ft. ver >' low P r »ce. They come two in
yoke of fancy wash braid. One W T h, a bunch. Don't miss this chance,
style -is made with a turnover col- /^ N w, < £x<$f1s2\ - xxa=ss^ ==B sss=sBs=====^====*=B'>Bs=sssxsm^
lar, the other with a two-inch ruf- . F$hsc£&!^}F&*\\ • •» lLi_ _,_ j b.iL Ti%iuali>
I fle. The colors are blue and .pink . /FT^W\H " UCfc flIld T ° WeIS
stripes on light grounds. Worth i \jk) V \5\(j£W (Main Fioor>
$r.oo. This is a special for Friday \f»P* \ L *^^ s * s an extraordinary bar-
only. " */li!t\\ ffi^ll OC pain * n Hemmed Huck
¦ KsflMi'/ ift&Pni Towels with red borders
Children's Union Suits Svfyfei Wiklik and large * heav >' Bath Towe!s -
(Main Aisle) IVTIibFIa ilrl\i!w B ° th 1OtS ' cnm P risin K about 5OO
*/] Union Suits, made of soft iWwSlflV *MaiS&§\ dozen Towels, and every one
Z«jC Egyptian Cotton, -Derby MaVW^IlacwS^^^l ' ' worth I2j^c and 15c, will be placed
v ribbed, extra soft fleecing. >^iariM^H^^^»S^^Kk ! on sal< : this morm ' n^ at les3 than
They button down the front and /^^^y^^ltw^^^^^^^w I a '^ P" cc -
have drop seats. Come in gray jm^MMBm^^^^^^^ (Only one-half dozen will be
and cream colors only. Are worth £^mn^W^W^^^mT sold to any one person.)
y «M 1 o. in We win p' ace on salc this Millinery Special
-;;:j Flannelette Skirts lie. morning a n of our Petti- Untrimmed Shades
(Second Floor) i-V COatS that Sell for $1.75. v**mm*m**w>. v* j~~,
*r Women's Skirts, made of a T bey are of an extra quality of Black Ark To-day we will offer an im-
f t °° d ' I??? f r r ade F lan " el " fver e y n w^ d OSC m^se^variety of Untrim-
1^ } + S y , are w cut extra several weeks ago there was such a yuv med Felt Shapes; every
wide and of. good^ length; they are great demand for them that we could ncw ;d ea ; s reoresented The col-
made on good, stout muslin yokes and hardly wait upon our customers. To- " W Jrf * K " »« ? h)lrl rharnni^ni
I come in different striped colors. Worth day will be the last chance you will ors are Drown » black, champagne,
35c. This is a gpeclal for Friday only, have at this very low price. castor, red and green.
; Men's. Sox 1 te^^w I s * Scilor Suits . 1
(Main Floor) \VU *) (Second Floor) ™
\v U iUi re be £m |fl <**$& 4$@i Ct HC Sail ° r SuitS> made H
i * Vti t \ \*t l^rih. -B^^ k\w>o> ImL Eftrv. y^0^^j^^ viots } nc3.t.*y trimrncu, stner cj
double heels and toes, and \i§§ * ture The is not a sine^e Ki
dy a c ml sf.esii/f 'to 0 ' 1 ! 7 ! f in- M ALWAYS RELIABLE Sait'in this lot that » not ¦
aye. aizes 9/2 10 u, in h worth double the price we H
elusive. This is a special fij^ %*?*\§\- I P^sO TVTA PKFT ST Al have marked for this Friday U
for Friday only. *^ ICOO V.4, 0 W l^liVrClVr. 1 O I.jowo Surprlge sale. We made an 1
(We will not sell over ' ' ' ' ' ' ¦ " Immense purchase of them. B
I2-Dairs to anv one cus- ALL THE SHOPPING INDUCEMENTS THAT HAVE *?* therefore are in a pesi- I
tonS?) MADE THIS STORE POPULAR ARE STILL HERE. *& n uc t t ° lo ° n ffer thls noteworth y I
AMUSEMENTS.
op[^HVJ||fiOuS[
IJ1ST TXBEE XrXOKTS
Of the Great Comic Opera Triumph
TP U C MM»«a
MATINEE TO-MORROW, SSB
Same prices — 25c 50c. 75c
BEO. NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
DER RASTELBINDER
(The Mouse Trap Peddler.)
SwaggerVaudeville
Felix and Barry; Mme. Avery Strakoscb;
. Hoey and Lee, and Orpnenm Motion
Pictures. £ait times of Ted S. Box;
T. Trovollo; Kennedy and Bsyaolds;
Two Pucks, and
URBANI AND SON.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c, 25c and 60c
/ — CALIFORNIA —^
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
. Greatest musical comedy hit in yean
—tbe talk of the town.
The
Tenderfoot
With PHILIP H. RTLET and the bl*
New York Company of Sixty.
Don't miss hearing the sons hits:
JIT ALAMO LOVE. *
THE TORTURED THOMAS CAT.
Seats now selling for second and
last week of "The Tenderfoot."
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager
LAST PERFORMANCES OT
"THE HENRIETTA"
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
. STARTINO SUNDAT. OCTOBER 9.
OLIVER MOROSCO Offers a Gorgeously Spee-
'- '¦;¦'- tacular Production of
THE JAPANESE NIGHTINGALE
NIGHT PRICES 25. 33 and 50 cents
A few front rows Orchestra, 75c.
LYRIC HALL
LAST EVERYMAN MATINEE AT 3 O'CLOCK
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON.
LAST TWO NIGHTS
THE BEN GREET PLAYERS
EVERYMAN
The Original London Company and Production.
Reserved Seats— 91 SO. fl and 75c.
VFYT WFPIf Mon.. Tues. and ;W«d. En
| nCAl TTCEBl Wed. and Sat. Matinees.
MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING.
Thurs.. Frl., Sat. Eva.; Special Frl. Matinee.
TWELFTH NIGHT.
Seats on Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
ailSCELXAyEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
Josef Hofmann
. TES . GSSAT PIANIST
ALHAMBRA THEATER
last Concert To-Morrow Aft. 5« o .
Seats $2, $1 SO. $1. 75c. at Sherman Clay & Co" s.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /^j? //f>»yV*
Signature of L^^^T'COCeJu/^
Centemeri
Kid Gloves
have moved to
109 Grant Ave.,
Bet. Geary and Post Sts.
PatarA DON'T FAIL TO
r 4*4VV see the beautiful
* COURT .Lounging
/Ifin room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
linHifl LOUIS t XV PAR-
u 4f» Ilu LOR, and the; LA-
H A ±x.« DIES' WRITING
iBotels u } mmSENTENCED FOR; BURGLARY.— Martin
White, an ex-convlct, pleaded guilty In; Judge
Dunne's , court . yesterday .to > a • charge < of bur
glary and was sentenced to serve ten years In
San Quentln."" He ¦ entered ; the residence \ of * Ira
W. Coburn," 458 1 Duboce : avenue,; on • August ¦" 10
and stole articles of « jewelry , ; : and <¦ cJnthing/
which he sold. ,^hMJk < .
Owing to the; absence of Supervis
ors Boxton and McClellan there was
no meeting of the Supervisors' Police
Committee yesterday. Consequently
action on the Detltion of;the Shasta
Club for a professional: boxing permit
for this month had, to be deferred un
til next Friday.
Boxing Permit Not Yet Granted.
NEW YORK, Oct 6. — Bert Hol
comb and Harry Sandall, who left
Chicago in a thirty-five .horsepower
automobile at 2 o'clock on Tuesday
afternoon, arrived here this afternoon,
having been on the road flf ty»four
hours, elapsed time, and fifty-one
hours and fifty-one minutes corrected
time. Exactly thirteen hours . and
thirty-eight minutes was clipped from
the best previous record.
Automobile Time Is Reduced.
of Nassau County have abandoned
their opposition to the race, and unless'
the injunction proceedings hold good
there is every promise the contest will
be thrilling.
Special trains will be. run to Garden
City, L. '-I., until as late as 3 o'clock on
Saturday morning. It is estimated that
the crowds along the thirty-mile course
during the day will reach from
100,000 to 200.000. persons. There is a
tremendous rush for accommodations.
and the natiyes'are making the most of
it. For rooms . in roadside cottages
within .a, reasonable distance . of the
coursfe $10 was -¦ the rate demanded % tor
one night's lodging. . RSI
j Hanlon and Young Corbett Box.
NEW YORK, . Oct .6.—The New
York National League baseball pen
nant winners were given a benefit to
day at the Polo 1 grounds, which was
fairly well attended. There was'an
attractive programme of both 'athlet
ics, wrestling and pugilistic events.
The boxing bouts consisted of three
one-minute rounds and all of them
were lively. -The pairs were "Young
Corbett" and "Kid" Broad; Terry Mc-
Govern and Johnny ' Burdick; r Eddie
Hanlon and' Toby Irwin; Jimmy Kelly
and "Kid" Curley, and; Todo Moran
and Hughey McGovern.
•1 No decisions were" rendered In any
of these events. -
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— There is possi
bility that the international automobile
race for the William K. Vanderbilt Jr.
cup, scheduled for Saturday, may be
interfered .with after all. A subpena
was - served - to-night on Harlan W.
Whipple, prpsident of the American
Automobile Association, under whose
auspices the' event _ Is to.be" held, com
manding him to appear - before Judge
Smith in 'Kings , County .; .Court" to-mor
row 1 morning on . a • preliminary ; motion
to show cause *why an injunction pre
venting the holding of the race should
not he issued.' i
This action jwas brought by George
H. Bennett of :the'Nassau County- Pro
tective"; Association^ None! of the offi
cials of the/Automobile Association was
inclined "to .treat it , seriously. Yielding
to .^opportunity . fdr\: .extraordinary
profits r by .^turning their houses into
temporary hotels, \ moist ; of the farmers
Injunction Proceedings Commenced
' by; a Member, of Nassau County
¦Protective Association.
HELENA, . Mont., Oct. 6. — Louis
Long of California and Jack Clifford
of Montana fought thirteen hard,
grueling rounds here to-night and
Clifford was awarded the fight on a
foul at the end, of the thirteenth by
Referee McDonald. In the beginning
of the fight Clifford outfought Long,
but toward the end Long assumed the
lead. There was a good deal of rough
work in the contest and both fighters
were guilty of fouls.'
Clifford Wins on a Foul.
VANDERBILT CUP RACE
_ MAY NOT TAKE PLACE
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 6. — Governor
Pardee has not taken and prob
ably _not take any action
to > stay the execution of Charles
Lawrence, who is to be hanged
at Folsom to-morrow morning
for the murder of one McCarty,
near Elk Grove. A petition was pre
sented to the Governor asking for a
reprieve because Charles /Padillo and
Augustine Mirando, who, with Law
rence, committed the crime, were sen
tenced to terms of imprisonment.
No Reprieve for Lawrence.
TACOMA, Oct 6.— The Tigers took
revenge on the Looloos to-day by
shutting them out. Overall pitched a
magnificent game.' Baum was driven
to the woods in' the first Two were
out when Nordyke hit for two bases.
He stole third and scored on Smith's
error. Eagan got a two-bagger, and
Lynch followed with a single. "Truck"
tallied on a double steal. Casey got
a base on balls and McLaughlin sin
gled, scoring Lynch. Casey was caught
off third." The' Tigers scored their
fourth run on Casey's single to center,
McLaughlln's sacrifice "and Graham's
clean hit to left. Hall took the box
in the second and . held the : Tigers 1
down. In the fifth the first three men
up filled all bases, but the next three
were out. Besides striking out eleven
men,- Overall allowed -but one runner
to reach second. The score: •
Los Angeles— I Tacoma—"
AB.R. H. P.A. • AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd, cf 4 0 2 2 0Doyle,,rf4 0 10 0
Flood,. 2b 4 0*0 6 2;Shehn, 3b 4 0 0 2 2
Smith, 3b4'0 0^2 2iNrdyk.lb 4 1 1 10 0
Cravth.rf 3 0 0 0 0 'Eagan. a. 2 1 1 12
Brshr. lb 4 0 16 l|Lynch,cf4 11 1 0
Toman, s 4 0 0 3 3 Casey, 2b 3 1 ,2 2 2
Rosa, If. .2 0 0 1 0 M'Lgn, If 3 O 1 0 0
Spies, c. 3 0 0 5 1 Orahm. c 4\ 0 1 11- 1
Baum, p. 00 0 0*1 Overall,? 4 0 l r 0 3
Hall. p.. 3 0 0 0 1 — •
— Totals. 32 4 9 27 10
Totals. 31 0 3 24 11
, RUNS AND HITS BT: INNINGS. . * "¦ •
Loa Angeles. .... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
.Base hits 0 0 110 0 0 1 Or- 3
Tacoma ......... 3 "• 0 0 10 0 - 0 0 • x— 4
¦- Base hits...... 4'*l,\0.-2 o:i 0 1 x— 9
SUMMART.
'Errorg — Overall,' Sheehan. Nordyke, Smith,
Hall,- Brashear. Struck out — By Overall 11, by
Hall 4. Bases - on balls — By. Overall 1 . 2,\>by
Baum 1, by Hall 3., Hit by pitcher— By Hall 1.
Two-base hit*— Nordyke, Eagan. .- Sacrifice hit
— McLaughlin. , First • base " on '¦ errors — Tacoma
. 1, - Los Angeles 2. • • • Stolen bases — Nordyke, ¦ Ea
gan. Lynch. - Earned run — Tacoma. ¦¦• Left
on ' bases — Tacoma 10. Los Angeles 5. ¦• Double
, play— Smith ¦; to ', Flood t to :; Brashear. i Time of
game— One hour and ; forty; minutes. Hi ts — Off
1 Baum 4, off Hall 5. : Innings pitched — Baum 1,"
' Hall 7. Umplre-^Tom . Brown, \ , • v ¦¦* •¦
OVERAIili FANS ELEVEN MEN.
CLEVELAND, Oct. 6.— The local baseball
season closed to-day, Cleveland --winning two
games from Detroit. The second was called at
the end of the fifth' on account of cold At
tendance, 600. Scores:
First game— R. H. E.
Cleveland . ; q ¦ g ¦ 2
Detroit "............. 2 8 2
Batteries — Rhodes and Buelow; Killian and
Drill.
Second game — R H E
Cleveland 8 9 0
Detroit 0 1 3
Batteries— Hese and Bemls; Kit son and Be
ville. j
AMERICAN LEAGUE,
PITTSBURG, Oct. 6.— Pittsburg took third
place In the National League race to-day by
.winning two games from St. Louis. The Cham
pions fielded brilliantly In both fames and in
the second hit McFarland hard. Attendance,
2500. Scores: V;r>-- : -j
First game — • R H ' E
Pittsburg ;..'. 8 6 2
St. Louis 3 8 '2
Batteries— Case and Phelps; Taylor and Het
ter. Umpire — Zlmmer.
Second game — R H E
Pittsburg 10 13 6
St. Louis .............. 1 3 2
Batterlos— Flaherty and Phelps; McFarland
and Butler.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
(American League.) (National League.)
W. L. Pet. { v W L Pet
Boston ....92 57 .H17 New TorklOs' 47 .600
New York.JM) 56 .616 Chicago 92 BS fii-i
Chicago ...S6 64 .573 Pittsburg 85 66 6CT
Cleveland .83 G4 .36rt Cincinnati 84 65 'oV
Phllad«1...78 67 .5.18 St. Louis. 75 75 500
Bt. Louis.. 64 84 .432 Brooklyn 56 06 '367
Detroit ....61 87 .412 Boston ... 55 • 90 364
Washingtn 35 110 .241 Philadel . 50 100 333
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 6.—
M. A. Cadwallader, left halfback,
punter and star player on the Stanford
freshman football team, has been pro
tested by the University of California
as ineligible for the freshman intercol
legiate game on the 15th inst. Unless
Colonel George C. Edwards, chairman
of the University of California commit
tee, withdraws the objections he will
not be allowed to participate in that,
struggle.
Colonel Edwards bases his protest on
the Intercollegiate agreement which
states that no player entering Stan
ford or California from a col
lege of standing shall be al
lowed to participate in athletics for a
period of one year from the date of hl«
matriculation. Cadwallader comes
from Pomona College, but w ; as only en
tered in the preparatory department
there, not having collegiate standing.
In the past, nota-bly the case of Magee,
captain of the 1006 freshman team, the
agreement has been construed loosely,
and men from the preparatory depart
ments of colleges have been 'allowed to
play on athletic teams under the same
conditions as an ordinary . "prep"school
athlete. Colonel Edwards' note came
as a surprise to Stanford, as Cadwalla
der's eligibility had not been ques
tioned here. v
The loss of Cadwallader would be a
severe blow to the prospects of the car
dinal freshman team. He is a' clever
trround-gainlng halfback and a long
distance punter. His place will be hard
to Jill. Until his standing is adjusted
he will continue to play with his team.
Star Halfback on Stanford Freshman
Eleven Is Declared Ineligible by
Berkeley Authorities.
' -Sixth "race, maidens, selling, seven furlongs
of Withers course — Step Away 106, Black
Socks 105. Tobascq 103, Margaret O 103, Ari
etta 101, Conceit 101. Requiem 101. Destiny
100, Allnda:96. Spec 06. My Mate 96.
Second race, handicap. Eclipse course — Glori
fler 126, Diamond 120. Flyback 117, Candida
111 Water Light 108. Derry 105. Jim Beattle
104 Jerry C 100, Austin Allen 100. My Busla
98, 'Carrie Jones 97. Fireball 96, Amberjack 87.
(Diamond and Flyback, Thomas entry; Jerry
Cand My Buela, Paget. entry.)
Third race The Manhattan handicap. Eclipse
course — Gay Boy 128 Acefull 122, Castalian
105, Cairngorm 99. Flyback 98. Broadcloth 88.
Race King 93, Voladay 92. New York 92. Bul
wark 90 - (Acefull and Bulwark, Duryea entry;
Flyback and Voladay. Thomas entry.)
Fourth race. The Dlxiana stakes. Withers
mile— Stalwart 126. Dolly Spanker 123. Leon-
Idas 118,; Ormonde's Right 115. Wotan 115.
Rapid Water 112. Race King 109, Palmbearer
109, Memories 106.
Fifth race, six furlongs of Withers mile,
two- year-olds, selling — Niblick 105, Monacorder
104 Ike 8 104. Druid 100. R. L. Johnson 98,
Miss Karl 98 D'Arkle 98 Hlldebrand 00. Con
suelo II 96, Fra Fllllpo 94, Bisque 90, Tarpon
89, Wild Irishman ; 89. Black Bird 89. Suffer
ance 88 High Life 86, Dance Music 86.
NEW" YORK, Oct. 6. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Morris Park
track follow
First race. Withers mile, selling— Sidney C.
Love 108 Gold Dome 104. Thistle Heather 100.
Courtmald 99 Pronta 99. Australlna 97. Allan
Rightful 96, Homestead 94, Hoodwink 88, Toi
San 86. - - • " - \ ¦
MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, purse—
Arab 93, Excentra! 93, Wing Dance 97, Royal
Pirate 97. Sir Hugh 97, Louisville 97. O'Hagen
07. Benaon Caldwell 102. Leflare 102. Barkel
more 105, W. J. Deboe 103, King's Court 105.
The Way 105. Jove 105. '
Second race, five and a half furlongs, maid
ens — Bradwarlin 115. Presentiment 115. Jolly
Witch 115 S. P. Lancaster 115. Tuga 115. La
Sagltte 115. Raviana 115, Sly Musette 115,
Bishop Poole 118. Lordllng 118. Arc Light 118,
Down Patrick 118, Waddell II 118, Palm Tree
118. Doc Wallace 118. J. B. Smith 118.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles; selling
— Easy Trade 07. Scortlc 97. Docile 97, King of
the Valley 100. Aggie Lewis 100.. Mr. Farnum
102. Chanterelle 102. Nlaxus 102, Lou Woods
103. Dr. Stephens 103.
Fourth race, one mile, purse — Myron Dale
102. Rian 102. Ethel Scruggs 102. Serenity 102,
Bery Waddell 102. Royal Arms 102. False En
try 105, Armorer 1C5, Edward Hale 105.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Kate ZUt 102.
Peggy Minft 102. Major Outlook 102, LngisteUa
102. Rose Mary Kane 102. Dixie Lad 100, Bon
nie Prince Charlie 108, Float About 109, Capi
tano 112, Free Booter 112. ¦
CHICAGO, Oct 6. — The entries for
the races at Worth track to-morrow
follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — St. Paula
67, Cyprienne 97, Handy Lee 97. Maggie Leeber
97, Julia M 99. Monls 102. J. W. O'Neill 102,
Little Wally 102. Benmora 103, The Fcg 105,
Rusk 1C6, Klelnwood 110, Harney 110. Orfeo
111.
CALIFORNIA PROTESTS
AGAINST CADWALLADER
Cleveland Celebrates Closinsr of Sea
son on Home Grounds by Beat
, ins Detroit Twice.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
WORTH ENTRIES.
PITTSBURG PIRATES MOVE V ; "
UP INTO THIRD POSITION
First race^ — Sidney C. Love, Pronta,
Courtmnid.
Second race— Glorifler, Austin Al
len, Thomas entry (Diamond or Fly
back) . -:V ;
Tliird race — Castalian, Thomas en
try (Flyback or Voladay), Gay Boy.
Fourth race— Stalwart, Lconidas,
Rapid Water. l^,%
Fifth race — Tarpon, Consuelo II,
Druid. •
Sixth race — Conceit, Spec, Marga-,
ret O. '
Condition of the track — Fast,
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
MORRIS PARK SELECTIONS.
First race — St. Paula, J. W. O'Xeill,
The Kojt.
Second race — Palm Tree, Lordling,
Presentiment.
Third race— Dr. Stephens, Lou
Woods, -Aggie Lewis.
Fourth race^ — Edward Hale, Ethel
Scruggs, False Entry.
Fifth race — Freebooter, Dixie Lad,
Kate Zitt.
SLxth race — Barkelmore, W. J. De
boe, Benson Cnldwell.
Condition of the track — Heary.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
PORTLAND, Oct. 6. — Bunched hits
by the visitors in the first and fourth
ir.nings and a wild throw In the sixth
by Marshall, Portland's short y stop,
over first base, gave Seattle the neces
sary runs to win the game to-day from
Portland. Hughes was hit of tener
than Butler, but with generally poor
effect. Score:
Portland— Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Drnen,cf 5 0 14 0 VnHn. cf 4 1 2 0 0
McCde.rf B12 4 0 Mhler,2b S 1 1 4 5
Mrshl. ss 4 1 1 2 3 Bnkshp.c 4 117 1
Hland.lb 4 11 5 1 Frisk, If 3 0 0 1 0
Rckfld,2b 2 0 13 2 Dhnty,3b 4 0 13 1
Nadu. If 4 0 2 1 0 Smith.rf 4 112 0
Beck, 3b 3 0 0 2 1 R.Hall.M 4 0 0 0 0
Stanley.c 3 0 0 6 1 Mhlng.lb 4 0 1 7 2
Butler, p 4 0 1 0 1 Hughes.p 3 113 2
Totals.34 3 9 27 9 Totals.35 5 8 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 003 0 0 0 0 00—3
Base hits 0 23 0 1 2 0 0 1—9
Seattle 3 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 0—5
Base hits 4 10300000—8
| • SUMMART.
Errors — Marshall (2), Mohler (2), Rocken
field Holland. Earned runs— Portland 2. Se
attle 1. Stolen bases— Nadeau. McCreedle.
Bases on balls— On* Hughes 4. Struck out—
By Butler 6, by Hughes 7. Two-base hits—
Delehanty. Holland. Home run — Smith. Left
on bases— Portland 10, Seattle 6. Hit by
pitched ball— By Hughes 1. by Butler 1. First
base on errors — Portland 1. Seattle 3. Double
play — Delehanty unassisted. Sacrifice hits^ —
Hughes, Van Haltren, Stanley, Marshall. Time
of game— One hour and 40 minutes. Umpire-
Davis.
MARSHALiI/S ARM TOO STRONG.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
handicap: three-year-olds and up-:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
T to 2— Ormd. Right, 104 (Davis) 5 2 1 I h
7 to 1— Eug. Burch. 115 (Odom). 4 3^22^
5 to 2 — Colonial Glrl.119 (W.Bkr) 2 1 % 3 HJ
Time. 1 :54 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, S. Paget's ch. c. by Ormonde- Right.
James F High Chancellor. Carbuncle, Major
Dalngerfl'eld. finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds
and up; selling: ., _,
Bettlnsr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Tin.
3 to 1— Tarn O'Shanter.112 (Ncl) 6 2 h 1H
20 to 1— Jim Hale. 112 (Bell)... 4 3 2 2 V*
9 to 5— Alibert. 109 (R. Johnsn) 3 1 1%3 2
Time 1:21 3-5. Start godd. Won driving.
Winner" J. A. TVernberg's b. g. (4> by Kings
ton-Ben My Chree. Four Leaf C 107. Automa
ton 110. Optional 111. Harney 119. finished as
named.
Two stakes will be run at Ingle,side
Coursing Park on Sunday, the reserve
event of forty-eight entries and the
class stake of twenty-four entries. The
latter stake has attracted a number
of fast greyhounds and some lively
courses are promised. The sport will
start promptly at 10 o'clock. There
will be no coursing to-morrow on ac
count of the scarcity of hares. Fol
lowing is the result of last night's
draw:
Reserve Make, forty-eight entries— Star Byl
vanu's vs. Frisky Boy; Don Pedro vs. Crolx-
D; Cascade vs. Luxury; Old Ironsides vs.
Bright Columbia; Good as Gold vs. Story's
Sister; Butte City vs. Hunter Ralne; Rolling
Boer vk. Agitator; Piccadilly vs. Aeolus; Mabel
S vs. Golden Fortune; Helen Hayes vs. Cava
lette; Belfast vs. Mark Twain; Haughty Helen
vs. Reckless Rose; Wedgewood vs. Commer
cial Traveler; Gunfire vs. Checkers; Young
Johnnie Rex v>. Annie Ryne; Laboring Boy
vs. Dear Gaston; May Tunlson vs. Mits Lu
cille; Equator vs. Real Duchess; Pepper Jack
vs. Polka Dot; Forest Fire vs. Frank Dunn;
Fairy Belle vs. Lady Menlo; Moonbeam vs.
Glaucun; Reta S vs. Icellus; Vina vs. Lucy
Glitters.
Class stake, twenty-four entries — Loretta vs.
Smiler; Reckless Acrobat vs. Colored
Lady; Melllnwood vs. Ragged Actor; Full
Moon ve. Princess Savoy; High Born vs.
Young fearless; Valley Pride vb. Orsina; Sac
ramento Boy vs. Oulda; Fair Tralee vs. Gal
vestcn; Vandal vs. Pasha Pleasant: Prome
theus vs. Queen's Motto; Clover Blossom vs.
Imperious; Fretter vs. Fair Flying.
- FIFTH RACE — Withers mile; -purge; maiden
three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 3— Israelite 115 (Redfern). 3 14 13
R to 1— Ben Crockett. 112 (Hstn) 5 5 20 2 h
25 to 1— Tide, 112 (H. Phillips). 2 2 3 3 1
Time. 1:42. Start bad. Won easily. "Win
ner J. R. Keene's ch. c. by Isidor- Starlight.
Louis H. Silverfoot, Chattah, finished as
named.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and fifty yvrds;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Benin*. Horse. Weicht. Jockey. St % Fin.
18 to B-Edw. Hale 102 (Johnsn> 2 1 3^1 4
21 to 5— LUsardo, 99 v (Seameter) 5 2 10 2 5
15 to 1— Gllfaln. 100 (Morrison). 3 3 3 3 8
Time 1:54 4-5. Start good. Won easily.*
Winner. F. Licalzi's b. c. 13) by Falsetto-
Miss Richmond. Floyd K 116. Pirateer 111.
Charlie Miller 99. Goal Runner 102. finished
as named.
31any Likely Hounds Drawn
for Reserve and Class
Stakes on Next Sunday
FOURTH RACE— Withers mile; The Hunter
handicap for flllles:
Betting Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 10— Hmburg Belle.125 (Lyn) 3 3h 11>j
4 to 1— Mineola. 110 (Hlldebnd) 2 4 2 n
3 to 1— Ocean Tide. 99 (Sperlng) 4 1 1 3 5
Time 1:41 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. S. Paget's ch. f. by Hamburg -Isaac.
Graceful also ran.
There was no meeting of the Super
visors' Police Committee yesterday, bo
the matter of the permit for this month
Is still in abeyance. As the permits
have been issued to the clubs in regular
rotation during the year, Manager
Coffroth is confident he will secure the
one for this month for the Shasta Club,
this being its turn. Should he be re
fused, the fight will take place at
Colma, both men having agreed to
this. It is estimated the receipts will
fall but little short of those in this city.
The expenses of promotion will be less
and the free list will be reduced to a
minimum. The officials of this city can
claim no favors when the fight is held
across the line.
"Al Hereford," representing Gans, and
Manager Coffroth of the Shasta Club
were ready, to sign the articles last
night, but Willie Britt, who represents
his brother, was indisposed and could
not attend. A new appointment was
then made for to-morrow night at the
same hour. There is no hitch regard
ing any of the conditions under which
the men are to fight.
The articles for the proposed Britt-
Gans fight were not signed last night,
but all parties to the verbal agreement
of Wednesday night consider the match
as made and will govern themselves ac
cordingly.
FOURTH RACE— One and a alxteenth miles;
all ages; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
23 to 5 — L.uralIghter.-92 (Wshrd) 2 111 n.
2 to 1— Rankln. 9S <McIntyre>. 4. 2 2 12
2 to 1— Fonsoluca. 105 (Nlcol). 3 3 1 3n
Time 1:56 2-5. Start good. Won giving.
Winner. J. F. Davis' b. f. (4) by Lamplighter-
Lura F. Ben Chance 94 also ran.
DOUBLE EVENT
AT INCLESIDE
Agrees to All the Conditions
Imposed by the Aspirant
for Championship Title
THIRD RACE — Eclipse, course; purse;
maiden two-year-olds :
Betting:. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 2— Chiettatn. 107 (Hlldebrn) 2 12 13
lOtol— B. Slgnora,107(H.Cochrn) 7 2h 2 3^
8tol— Foxy, 107 (J.Martin).... 3 4h 3 2tf
Time. 1:10. Start fair. Won easily Win
ner H E. Duryea's b. g. by Meddler-The
Lionets! Raiment, Sheen. Ascot Belle. Kun
jamuck. Belligerent. Oro. St. Margrave,
Onteora, Brilliant, finished as named.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; Fly
away handicap: ' _,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Big Ben. 124 (Prior) 4 1*"1«
2r; to 5— MayorJohnsn.05 (MIntre) 5 4 1%2 5
16 to 1 — Frontenac. 106 (Shaver) . . 3 3 Va 3 Z
Time, 1:19 3-5. Start fair. Won cantering.
Winner. M. Tennes' br. g. (4). by Ben StroTOe-
Mlnt Jullp. Nannie Hodge 103, Ahola 107. fin
ished p.s named.
2:17 class, trotting, purse $1000, three In
flv# — Bonnie Wilton won three straight heat»
In 2:12%. 2:11H. 2:13. Maxane. Bell C. Boldy
Russell. Miss Klnnie. Sybil H. Jesse C. Cologne
D. Ozone. BeUy Ford and Alton also started
Pacing division of Kentucky Futurity, for
thrt-e-year-olds. purse $2000. three in flve —
Pha!a won three straight heats In 2:13Vi,
2:13U 2:15. Bolass, General Mac. Bucklock
and Simon Ken ton also rtarted.
Tiverton looked like a winner in
the fourth heat until the stretch was
reached. He took the pole from
Sweet Marie at the eighth and led
around to the half, surrendering his
position just before the three-quarters
was reached. Sweet Marie easily won
the fifth heat. Tiverton lagged two
lengths behind all the way around and
finished fourth. He could have fin
ished better than fourth, but he al
ready had second money and Andrews
•was content to escape the red flag.
Tuna and Kent were distanced in the
first heat. Knox's Gelatine King
found the pace too hot for him in the
third. The crowd wildly cheered
Sweet Marie as she walked past the
stand after her victory. Summary:
The Transylvania purse $5000 2:12 trotting,
three in five — Sweet Marie won the third,
fourth and fifth heats in 2:03, 2:08>4 2:09.
Tiverton won first and second heats in 2:04%.
2:04Vj. Hall Fry. Snyder McGregor. Knox's
Gelatine King.' Tuna and Kent aulo started.
L.EXINGTON. Ky.. Oct. 6. — The
Transylvania stakes for 2:12 class
trotters, value $5000. the greatest
event in the history of the harness
turf, was won by Sweet Marie to-day
in the last three heats, the first two
heats going to Tiverton. Four world's
records wasjnade in *'ie Transylvania
by the lowering of the event record
and making the fastest mile of the
year on any track. When Tiverton
won the first heat in 2:04% he low
ered the event record and made the
fastest trotting record of any horse
this year. When he won the second
heat Sn 2:04 l s he again lowered these
records and made the world's record
for the fastest second heat in a race.
Sweet Marie won the third heat in
2:05. This established a world's rec
ord for the fastest three heats ever
trotted in a race. Her mark is also
a world's record for the fastest third
heat ever trotted in a race. Sweet
Marie won the fourth in 2:0S% and
the fifth in 2:09. thus establishing a
•world's record for the fastest five
fieats ever trotted in a race. The av
erage ' time for each heat was
2:06 11-20. The first three heats av
eraged 2:0514.
Sweet Marie, the winner, is owned
by William Garland of lx>s Angeles.
In the betting Sweet Marie was fa
vorite for the race, but Tiverton was
favorite for the first heaL Sweet Ma
rie drew the pole. Tiverton took
fifth position. Tiverton got the pole
before the half was reached and held
it to the finish, going under the wire
a length ahead of Sweet Marie, the
others strangling behind.
Tiverton never lost the pole in the
second heat. He set the pace all the
way around and had half a length to
spare when he went under the wire.
Tiverton also maintained his lead in
the third heat and was half a length
ahead of the field at the half, when
Sweet Marie began to press him.
Rounding into the stretch. Sweet Ma
rie drew level with' him, but lost her
advantage and fell back. McDonald
urged the mare along until she was
even with her rival again before the
distance flag was reached. In a driv
ing finish she went under the wire a
half leng^i ahead of Tiverton.
GANS IS EAGER
TO MEET BRITT
8ECOND RACE— About two and a half
miles: handicap; steeplechase for hunters;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9toS — Bonfire, 157 (O'Donnell). 4 18 1 20
12 to 1— Libretto II.liS(Bernardt) 8 4 2 2 5
6 to 1 — Pure Pepper. 14« (Page) « 5 10 3 2
•Time 4:44 2-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, F. Johnson's ch. g. by Perblalse-
Florence Darling. Collgny. R. B. Sack. Gort
nagallon. Benefit. Pious Jim, Slick, Horizontal,
finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey". St. h Fin.
G to 1— Miss Jordan. 90 (Herbert) 2 3 h 1 V»
9 to 1— fcllverskin. 107 (Seamster) 1 1 2 2 n
4 to 1— Gold Enamel. 102 (Nlcol) 5 5 V, 3 1
Time 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won bandl^
Winner. E. R. Bradley's br. f.. by Sir Dixon-
Adeie. Lochinvar 107. Flaxman 112. Slss Lee
104, Matador 106, finished as named.
Stolen base*— Ganley 2. Devereaux, Streib,
Francks 2. Errors— Van Buren. Meany 2, Hll
debrand, Irwin, McKune. Two-base hits-
Barber Devereaux. First base on errors —
Oakland 2. First base on called balls — Off
Corbett 1. off Schmidt 2. Left on bases — San
Francisco 3, Oakland 6. Struck out— By Cor
bett 6, by Schmidt 2. Double plays—Dever
eaux to Streib (2), Irwln (unassisted). Passed
balls— McKune 2. Byrnes. Wild pitch—Cor
bett. Time, of game — Two hours. Umpire —
McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Oakland 1 0 0 2 00 0 0 0 — 3
Base hits 1 0 1 3.0 0 1 10—6
San Francisco. ..OOO O OO O O O—O
Baee hits 0 110! 11100— 5
Ganley got around the bags In the
first round by hitting, stealing second
and attempting to steal third. McKune
threw the ball away out to left field
and the runner landed easily. The final
two were gained in the fourth. Schlaf
ley singled, stole, went up on a passed
ball and registered on Streib's drive to
right. Streib reached third Just like
Schlafiey and came in on the hit and
run play when Devereaux hit to Hilde
brand. The score:
San Francisco— , Oakland—
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB.R. H. P.A.
VnBrn.lb 3 0 0 8 0 Ganly, rf 4 1 1 2 0
HlldM,2b 3 0 0 2 4'Frnckn, ¦ 4 0 2 0 3
JVldrn, cf4 0 O 2 OjDnlvy. If 4 0 « 3 0
Meany, rf 4 0 0 0 0 Bchiny.2b 3 113 3
Irwin,-3b3 O O 3 l|Krugr,cf 4 0 0 3 0
Barber, If 3 O '3 3 O Btrelb. lb 4 1 1 11 0
Gochnr s3 0 0 0 O'Devnt, 3b 4 0 12 6
M'Kune,c3 0 0 9 l|Byrne8, c4 0 0 3 1
Corbett,p 3 0 2 0 1 Schmdt.p 4 0 0 0 1
Totals. 29 0 5 27 7 Totals. 35 3 6 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Smiling Schmiddy, with his pretzel
shoots and bends, was more effective
than Brother Joe. Corbett yesterday at
Recreation Park. He also received far
better support, which helped some. Lit
ale Terry McKune could not wing the
ball arotmd to the bases, and Corbett's
breaks were so wide that the youth
was* puzzled. Score: Oakland, 3; San
Francisco, 0.
The only men on the home team to
hit the ball safely were Corbett and
Barber^ - Brother Joe swung safely
twice, while Barber bit off three— a
double and two singles. The rest of the
heavy hitters were on Schmidt's staff
all the time and never had a chance.
Corbett was not hit hard at that and
his control was good, but whenever
the Commuters got men on the bases
they generally came all the way
around, for HcKurie could not wing at
alL The entire three runs were the re
sult of stolen bases, an error, a wild
pitch and passed balls. Hits figured
but little in the tally line.
SECOND RACE— Three-year-olds and up;
mile and seventy yards:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Tin.
4 to 1— Mildred L, 93 (Cheatam) « 1 H 1 3
4 to 5— Regina D. 93 (Rice) 8 2 *a 2 3
15 to 1 — Feronla. 102 (J. Conway) 2 3 5 3 2
Time. 1:49 U. Start Won etuily.
Winner. A. H. Pendleton's t>. f. (3). by Orna
ment-Katie Longtellow. Sister Lillian 102.
Lovable 107. Pompey 102. Frank Rica 105,
Brewer Schorr 105, finished as named.
THIRD RACE^ — Two and three year old»; six
furlongs:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Oudon. 86 (Dlckson) T 5 4 11
4 to 1— Felix Mozzeo. lM(Young) S 12 2 8
4 to 1 — Tom Rowe. 103(D.Austtn) 3 3 2 3 2
Time, 1:1*34. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Chlnn & Forsythe's b. c. (3). by Odd
Fellow-Annie Clark. Winnnlfrede 90. Bob Civet
96. E* Merrltt 90. Ambetita 95. Algonquin 96.
finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
15 tot— Gay LJzxette. 9i (M'Lgn) 112 12
9to5— Lustlg, 94 (Rice) 2 3221
4 to 5— Lasso. 95 (Conway) 5 4 V4 3 1
Time. 1:43%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. A. Mollnelirs ch. f. (3) by Ossary or St.
Oatlen-Llszette. Burke Cochran 10O. Plnochl*
09. finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
3 to 1— Canyon, 107 (Toung) 2 1 J 13
6 to 1— Pathos. ICC (D. Austin).. B 31 2 3
« to 1 — Imboden. 97 (Howell) 3 2 1 3 1
Time, 1:5714. Start good. Won ea*My. Win
ner. C. M. Barrows' ch. g. (4) by Ciyuga-Slster
Monica. Miss Eon 98. Pourquoi Paa 102, fin
ished as named.
SIXTH RACE— Seven-eighths af a mile;
three- year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. 8t. % 71a.
8 to 1 — Howl. Dervish. lUfCnwy) 2 12 12
8 to 1— Kinjr'a Charm. 117 (Lnsy) « 4 2 2h
•4tol — Ladas, HO (Austin) 9 5131
•Disqualified. Sid Sliver placed third
Time, 1:3m. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. Lemp & Co.'s b. *. (4) by Counter
Tenor-Houri. SM Sliver 119. Dr. Kler 117
w>, C ? rke T J V£ Behoov « U». *>tit Maitre
119. Rhelngold 117. Velasques 119, Merry Sport
11*. finished as named.
DEL3IAR. SELECTION'S.
First race^-Monaco Maid, Violin.
Colonel White.
Second race^ — Regina IV iTernla,
Wlssendine.
Third race — Dameron, Fruit, Ed
na rdo.
Fourth race— Commodore, Ice Wa
ter, Just So.
Fifth race— Arrow, Triple Silver
Judee Cantrlll. *
Condition of the track— Fast.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOUis. Oct. 6.— The entries for
to-morrows racea at Delmar follow
Wttim
San Nicholas a Winner.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Oct. «.-Elm Rld «,
racing summary: ««»«•
First race, five and a half fur!ong»-Saa
ro^hlrd WO T - ta H e* P ?f07 ChaPPT ~* <*"«"
8econd face, five furlongs— Mart Gentry won
£(n£? y " C ° nd - Jolm Carro » ttlrS. TWI
Third race, one mile — Ed Ball won xt.«
Lady second. Wood'. Perry thlri TlaTe i£?
POPE DEMURRER SUSTAINED.— A de
murrer to the Information charging Walter
Qeorge Pope with forgery «u wwtalned by
Judge Dunne yesterday and the case dis
missed. Pope was accused by J . e Morr'a
president of the Danby Company, with forrtae
an order or request by W. HuMed on thS
Danby Company for money.
(Pacific Coast League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ...41 25 .621 Oakland ..33 35 .485
Los Ang...34 27 .557 San Fran.. 30 37 .443
(Seattle ....35 33 .013 Portland ..25 41 .379
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Terry McKune Has a Bad Day
Behind the Plate and Oak
land Tossers Are Lively
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 6. — The entries of
J. K. Hughes weij barred after the
fifth race to-day, when his mare Pour
quoi Pas ran a disgraceful last. The
uiuc suetaeU lame. Gay Lizette, at
15 to 1, beat Lasso and Lusti? in the
feature event, providing a big upset.
The weather was clear and the track
good. Attendance 4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Two-year-olds and up; five
and a ha.lt furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Pickaway, 108 (Dickaon) 1 12 12
10 tol— McJetta. 80 (Ryan) « 2 2 22
4 to 1— Belle S. 80 (Rice) 9 4^42
Time, 1:10. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. A. J. Jackscn's ch. g. (4). by Piccolo-
Marcella. Detest 113. Ivernia 103. Encanaba
103. Dorothy Doddy 83. Pilgrim Girl 108. Ona
netta 108. Kathryn L, fH finished as named
Bird Pond 103 fell.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— Big Ben, racing
for the first time in the bright burnt
orange colors of his new owner, Mont
Tennes, picked up 124 pounds in the
Flyaway handicap to-day, and won the
easiest race of his career. The stake
was worth $1800 to the winner. It is
said Owner Tennea also bet a sufficient
amount on him to win out the purchase
price of the big son of Ben Strome-
Mint Julip.
Horsemen marveled at the opening
odds of 6 to 5 laid against Big Ben,
when he had previously beaten about
the same field with a heavy weight
up and did it easily. He packed 121
pounds to-day, as if the weight was
only a feather. When he turned Into
the stretch- he led his field by eight
lengths. Prior pulled him almost to a
walk at the finish, allowing Mayor
Johnson to cut down his lead to four
lengths at the end. Safeguard and Big
Ben were the only winning favorites.
The stewards announced that Jockey
L. Wilson was indefinitely suspended
for his ride on Katie Powers yester
day.
The track was deep and heavy to
day, and the weather cloudy and cold,
affecting the attendance materially.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — SU furlongs; four-year-old*
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
17 to 10— Safeguard. 108 (Morrison) 3 3 h 1 4
Oto 1— Clausus. 115 (Nlcol) 6 63 23
11 to 2— Idogo. 112 (Bonner) 7 2% 8h
Time, 1:23. Start Rood. Won easily. Win
ner, T. Llealzis b. g. U) by Star Ruby-Pre
ciosa. Hudson 104, Jove 115. Wing Dance 107,
Jackful 107, Rathgar 112, Longmore 110. fin
ished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MORRIS PARK, Oct 6.— Hamburg
Belle had an easy task in winning the
classical Hunter handicap to-day for
three-year-old fillies. The spectators
reveled in the brisk autumnal weather
and saw a fair programme run off.
Last year's Futurity winner, Hamburg
Belle, was allotted 125 pounds by the
handicapper. thus requiring her to con
cede to Mineola thirteen pounds, to
Graceful seventeen pounds and to
Ocean Tide twenty-six pounds. .
Just about a year ago Ocean Tide
and Beldame were almost % on even
terms at the finish of this" great fillies'
stake. tA Jn this Hunter handicap Bel
dame was allotted 130 pounds, thus be
ing considered to-day thirty-one
pounds better than Ocean Tide, which
is 'a fair illustration of how the form
of race horses changes from year to
year and often from month to month.
Hamburg Belle was an odds-on fa
vorite. She justified the odds by the
manner in which she shot past the
pacemaker, Ocean Tide, on the inside
at the head of the stretch. She came
down to the finish with her rider,
Lyne, sitting perfectly still. Hilde
brand and Sperling were fighting it
out on Mineola and Ocean Tide, re
spectively, for second money, which
was won by Mineola. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-oMs and up:
Batting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to ft— Old EngIand,02(SchlUlnK) 3 1 n 1 n
12 to 1— Champlain, 90 (J. J.Walh) 7 3 n 2 V*
16 to 5— Lady Rohesla,ftO(J.Cala).13 7 h 3 1&
Time. 1:2S 1-5. Start strangling. Won
driving. Winner. T. D. Sullivan's b. g. by
Gold Finch-Queen Bess. Geranium, Daisy
Green, Memphis. Dr. Lodar. Auditor. Dapple
Gold, Bonner, Sais, Melstersinger, Charter,
finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
COMMUTERS LAND THREE
tpecial Dtopatch to The Call.
Schmidt Gets His Old Pret
zel Shoots Working and
Toys With Uncle's Stars
Syiney Pa jet's Game Race Mare
Disposes of Mineola and
Ocean Tide.
Bit Ben Bacii in Colors of
Mont Teimes, Tales the
Flyaway Stakes.
Hosles' Stable Entries will
Be Befeet Hereafter
at Delmar.
Hunter Handicap to Hamburg Belle
SEALS' EFFORTS
AVAIL NOTHING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, '.FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7, 1901.
CALIFORNIA TROTTING HER SWEET MARIE THE NEW TU$F QUEEN WINNER OF THE TBANSYLTANIA
Los Angeles Mare Breaks Records
In Winning the Kentucky Classic
I CALIFORNIA MARE WHICH IS
j THE TROTTING SENSATION OF
1 THE YEAR.
.- Amman's "success depends \ on what
be does with his failures.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There Is a Standard
"*• Ili^^ w Blch. when honwtly
*** WNr VI a ' ZB *^ *t by true master?
|| W^f/2fl °* tt " caa ** r * acn «' d
a~ EtJ^^S * Bd ln<ttar<s '- ¦*»<* the
'f ° HajSaa atzvurth — beary, tewjtuts
< Iffillfllfll ** Ilst>t — u * m »W"» °*
1 •klllfol adjuatattat.
|A|^BLATZ
h^HBllR
|Hra»!9| MILWAUKEE
Mf/ \T«I atriiw U» H» ?? i.ii
Malt -VWine
3£@/U££^3rfa\ 'Noo-lntox.) Tocte.
Hffl^i£iliS]ll SAM SXBO ft CO,
'¦'* fc ~\\m 1 ill"" 1 Ft***" Wholesale l^*aj^n.
213 Battery StT*
T*L M*in 5839. 8u TruaUoo.Judge Hebbard yesterday dismissed
the case of' George W. Armbrus
ter. against R. McColgan and
William Jo Leet on account
of the plaintiff's dilatorlnesa -In
prosecuting. The suit was "brought
to recover $3437.75 alleged to be 'due
for redeeming real estate at a fore
closure sale. Leet 'gbt, title to the
property- through McColgan and 'got
a judgment for 'ejectment against
Arnibruster. ¦ ,The latter, case was" ap
pealed and- Armbruster delayed^othe
suit for , 'money , in ". order to see what
disposition,, the Supreme , Court ¦> would
make of the ejectment matter."- - -
Delayed Action Too Lonjr.
LECTURE COURSE TO BEGIN. — Mrs.
r»ernanf» Mo*es will to-night open the fr?«
stereopticon lecture course of the South Park
Settlement at 86 South Park. The lectures
will be accompanied by musical selections ren
dered by Professor Mary Roberts Smith.
FRID'AT, OCTOBER. 7.
Sun rises 6:10
Sun sets 5:44
Moon rises .4:00 a. m.
O Time |Ttmp| |Tlme ITime
£ Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. I Ft.
» • L W |H W) |L W |H W
7 3:20 0.6 9:5(5 5.4 10:16 5.4 6:10 6~4
8 4:09 0.8 10:35 5.6 4:40 0.4 11:22 64
9 4:5^ 1.111:14 5.C 5:27 0.0 ;
H W L W . H W L W '
10 0:07 5.4 5::U 1.5 11:52 6.7 6:14— 01
11 1:05 5.1 6:17 1.9 12:32 5.7 7-0fi — 0*2
12 2:00 4.S 7:02 2.4 1:15 5.6 8:00—01
la 3:00 4.6 7:50 2.0 2:02 5.3 8:58 o!o
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (-»-)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given. by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
MINING COMPANY ELECTS OFFICERS —
At a meeting of the New York and Gram Val
ley Gold Mining Company, held In this city
last Wednesday, the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: A. M. Duncan,
president: Edwin Fernald. vloe president; J
W. Helsner, secretary; Captain A. Anderson,
treasurer; G. W. Root, manager, and the above
named, with Charles Haseltlne, G; W. Boole,
J.- A. Orr and S. C. Kaye, as directors. .
DEUTSCHER CLUB BALLl— The directors
of the Deu tscher Club are making - elaborate
! preper»tions for their coming anniversary - ball
and. banquet, which -will take, place at Golden
, Gate Hall Saturday evening', October 22.' r:
-Judge de Haven said he was not act
ing as a clerk for the, Secretary of the
Treasury, but that the Secretary was
at liberty to send to the court and ob
tain the testimony "if he likes and read
it al lover if he likes, and do what he
likes."
' Mr. McKinley was' taken with a
hitch, in his throat and the remainder
9f, the 'proceedings were festooned with
gariands of silence.
..When the petition of Captain Wil
liam W. Harts of the United States
army for- a remission- of a fine im
posed upon him for failing to declare
dutiable goods in his baggage came up
in the Federal District Court yester
day. Assistant United States Attorney
Ben L- McKinley suggested that the
court should send a certified copy of
the transcript to the Secretary of the
Treasury. . - .
Declares the Statutes Do Not Content-
: '\ i- plate That lie Should Act
as a Clerk.
SUES EDDY GRANET.— The Union Collec
tion Company has sued E. M. Gr&ney and his
wife in the Justices' Court to recover $30 al
leged to be dne for the stabling of two saddle
horses at the Instance of the defendants.
DE HAVEN FREEZES
AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey
Tlm<? and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
I. e. # at noon of the 120th meridian or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
October 6, 1904. '
Time Ball.
Lawrence H. Oriben, age 13 years,
and Alvaro Santos Suarez, 33, immi
grants from Spain, who arrived from
Panama on the Newport, were denied
a landing yesterday on the report of
United States Immigrant Inspector
Antonio de la Torre Jr. They admit
ted that they came from Spain to be
employed in a gold mine in. this State,
a Spanish miner here having written
that they would be met at a hotel on
Broadway and escorted to the mines.
Inspector D. J. ! Griffiths reported
against the landing of Johannes E.
Broman from Finland. Broraan is ..a
marine engineer and said that he was
on his way to Norway, Mich., where
his father lives. He was destitute of
money and would become a public
charge at once if landed.
Ninety-five Japanese farmers, who
arrived on the Mongolia under . con
tract to work in coal mines at Las Es
peranzas, Mex,, started from this city
yesterday under a '.bond furnished" by
the Southern Pacific Company.-
Vigilant Inspectors Prevent the Land
ing of Several Contract Laborers
and One Destitute Finn.
SPANIARDS COME FROM
>-• HOME TO WORK AS MINERS
Resolved. That we in convention assembled
petition the executive of California to grant
to the children of this magnificent State the
recognition of God and the use of the Bible
in their dally school life. We deplore the re
cent decision of the Attorney General and still
more the existence of the law upon which
be based such decision.
The continuance of membership of
the County W. C. T. U. in the San
Francisco Local Council of Women
was decided upon.
The following presidents of the lo
cal unions made their annual report:
Mrs S B. McCoy, Central Union Church;
Mrs A. C Bainbridge. First Baptist Church:
Mrs Emma L Howard. Third Congregational
Church- Mrs.' Stanbrldge, Central M. E.
Church! Mrs. Mary Gilley. Frances Willard
Vnlon; Mrs. L. D. Hart. Western Addition;
Miss Anna E. Chase, Central "T."
The election of officers for the year
resulted as follows:
Mrs Alice E. Bradley, president: Mrs. A. C.
Bainbridge. vice president; Dr. Allda E. Av
ery recording secretary; Mrs. S. B. McCoy,
corresponding secretary; Mra. Emma L. How
ard, treasurer.
Superintendents of departments— Mrs. Addle
Jordan Burgess. Cower and mission; Miss Kate
Jolly, temperance and labor; Dr. Alida C. Av
ery franchise; Mrs. F. S. Vasllt. social meet-
Ings and red letter days; Mrs. Marlon Irving,
foreign work; Mrs. Dorcas J. Spencer, school
savings banks; Mrs. S. B. McCoy, legislation
and petitions; Mrs. E. G. Humphrey, soldiers
and sailors; Mrs. A. C. Bainbridge. purity;
Mrs. A. E. Bradley. Ensign and Union Signal
(State and. national organs); Mm. Clare O.
Southard. Jress; Mrs. L. V. Hart, railroads
and restaurant; Mrs. Mary Gilley, Loyal Tem
perance Legion and Sunday-school; Mrs. Maria
Freeman Gray, peace and arbitration: Miss
Anna E. Chase. literature; Mrs. I* P. Wil
liams, oriental; Mrs. E. S. Cameron, Sabbath
observance.
.Among reports was one from the
Flower Mission, showing that over
6000 bouquets had been distributed to
the sick and suffering during the year.
The matter of the use of the Bible
in the schools of the State was dis
cussed and Mrs. A. E. U. Hilles of
Palo Alto moved the following resolu
tion, which was carried:'
The annual convention of the San
Francisco County W. C. T. U. was held
yesterday at Trinity Presbyterian
Church, Mrs. Alice E. Bradley, presi
dent, in the chair.
Passes Resolution Petitioning Execu
tive to Grant Use of Bible
In Schools.
Therefore, the appellant. William Davidnon
is hereby notified that his license *m chief
engineer will remain suspended for six month*
from and after July 11, 1904, In lieu of the
twelve months suspension meted out to him
by the local board at Seattle. Wash.; and it
is so ordered.
Supervising Inspector John Birm
ingham jesterday ordered a reduction
of the sentence imposed upon William
Davidson, chief engineer of the steam
er Arthur B. by the local board of
inspectors for the district of Seattle
for failing to insert a new fusible plug
in the boiler of said steamer after hav
ing been ordered to do so by Assist
ant Inspector Lord on April 19 of thia
year. The following is an extract from
Captain Bermingham's decision:
On Ausust 16 1904. tlw Supervising In
spector of Steam Vessels, First District, gave
Mr. Uavldson a hearing on appeal. He was
duly sworn, waived counsel and testified that
he remained about five weeks In the Arthur H
after her inspection, without renewing; tha
fusible plug, for the reason that he thought
the o d one was "good enough." He left that
vessel without proper notice to the owner and
without notifying his successor that he had not
renewed the aforesaid fusible plug; wnlch. It
appears, was later the cause of the "coming
down" of the crown sheet ot the boiler in the
above mentioned steamer: but. fortunately no
injury to life resulted therefrom.
Mr. Davidson, by his own admissions ap
pears to be a man of somewhat dissolute
habits, but which he promises to abate. How
ever, i believe that the ends of Justice In his
case will be served by ,tne redaction of one
half the penalty imposed by the local board in
his case.
Supervising Inspector Bcrmingham
Takes Pity Upon a Dissolute Engi
neer and Reduces Sentence.
SIX MONTHS' GRACE
ALLOWED DAVIDSON
W. C. T. U. ELECTS ITS
OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR
j. W. Thornton, alias G. Wilson,
alias T. O'Brien, a well known Eastern
pickpocket, who was arrested at El
lis and Leavenworth streets on
Wednesday night by Detective Ryan,
will find at least one charge of grand
larceny placed against him. He was
positively identified yesterday morning
by H. E. Floyd, inventor of an oil
gas generator and burner, as one of
three men who stole a diamond stud
from him at the Cliff House last Fri
day afternoon.
Floyd said he had been at the Cliff
House with two women and they were
boarding an electric car to return,
when Thornton and two other men
pushed against him. Floyd has a lame
leg and he expostulated with Thorn
ton for his rudeness. After they got
seated, on the ' car Floyd missed his
stud and accused Thornton of having
taken It. Thornton and his compan
ions rode on in the same car and
Floyd intended to notify a policeman,
but failed to see one. v .
.. Thornton worked with his brother
and -another man, who were with him
when ..arrested by Detective Ryan.
They made their escape, but every ef
fort will be put forth by Captain Bur
nett to find them. He Is determined
to rid the city of such crooks.
J. W. Thornton Will Be Charged With
Grand tarceny on Complaint
of H. E. Floyd.
EASTERN PICKPOCKET IS
IDENTIFIED BY VICTIM
Arthur Fischer, merchant. , of
Shanghai; Fred W. Babers. -who has
charge of the mail service at Shang
hai, and Dr. Fuhlow arrived here on
the last steamer from . the . Qrlent.
They are on their way to Berlin. The
three men were out for a lark yes
terday afternoon. and before they
finished they ran afoul of. two police
men, who arrested them for disturb
ing a religious meeting which Mrs.
Hosford was " conducting at Grant
avenue an d ; Bush street. The visitors
had halted at the spot and insisted
upon breaking up the meeting. One
of them taunted the woman with a
stick, while the other two made fun
of her. Policemen Hynes and Con
nor were notified^ and made the men
move along. They returned shortly
after and renewed, their actions. The
officers were compelled to arrest them.
They were taken to the Hall of Justice
and released on bail. The three men are
staying at" the Palace Hotel.
Three Well-Known Men From Shang
hai Arrested for Annoying a
' Woman Preacher.
INSIST OX DISRUPTING
A REMGIOCS MEETING
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAXC1SCO. Oct. 6—6 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day from
Eastern cities:
Cincinnati 82-46 New Orleans 83-74
Boston 66-50 Philadelphia 72-54
Jacksonvlll* t2-6S Washington 74-5S
St. Louis 70-4(5 New York 68-54
Chicago 56-44 Pittsburg 78-44
SAN FRA NCISCO .... 62-68
COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. £ . g§3| J§ ?° j=
: ? ? ; • f
Hf k * r 29.58 88 68 NW- Rain .36
Carson 29. 62 66 44 E Cloudy .12
£ ur « ka 29.74 f2 64 SW Cloudy Tr.
Fresno 2!».7S 82 60 SE Cloudy 2.3S
flagstaff 29. C2 64 36 SW Clear .22
Pocatello 29.56 68 40 SW Cloudy Tr.
Independence .29.62 68 50 W Pt.Cldy .02
Angeles.. 29. 82 72 66 SW Clear .00
Mt Ts.malpals.29.60 61 48 W Cloudy .12
North H«ad...29.68 62 62 S Cloudy .04
Phoenix 29.64 S6 72 W Clear TT.
Portland 29. C2 CS 52 SW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 29.68 62 58 6E Cloudy Tr.
Roeebur* 29.66 66 46 N Rain Tr.
Sacramento ..S9.74 64 US SW Cloudy Tr.
Bait Lake 29.52 72 60 S Rain .01
Pan Francisco 29. $0 62 5S SW Cloudy Tr.
San L. Ob!spo.29.S2 04 68 8 Cloudy .10
San Diego 29. SO 72 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 1:9.68 68 46 W Cloudy TV.
Epoktn* 2».68 50 44 KB Rain .22
Tatoosh 29.64 58 60 S Cloudy .08
Walla Walla.. 23. ftfl 66 44 BB Cloudy .01
Wtnnemucca .29.60 70 64 SW Cloudy .36
Yum 29.63 82 68 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th« depression over the plateau region and
North Pacific has continued to deepen during
th« day. Cloudy weather prevails from the
Tehachapt northward and light showers have
fallen in ail districts. Heavy rain has fallen
at Fresno, amounting to 2.38 inches In the past
twenty-four hours. Thunder storms are re
ported from Winnemucca, Boise and Salt Lake
City.
The temperature- has fallen In the Interior of
Northern California. Nevada. Idaho, Oregon and
Southeastern Washington.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight October 7 1
Northern California— Showers Friday, fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday, with
showers; lijht west wind.
Nevada — Showers Friday.
Ean Francisco and vicinity — Showers Friday,
fresh southwest wind.
Los Anpeles and vicinity — Probably showers
Friday, light west wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Showers Friday.
Fret-no and vicinity — Showers Friday.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster,
Temporarily In charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I r>u«-
Elizabeth Coqulll* River Oct. 7
Chlco Coquille River Oct. 7
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 7
Redondo Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. -7
Amer. Maru.. China &. Japan Oct. 8
Leelanaw . Tacoma .Oct. 8
Arcata I Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 8
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports Oct. 8
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 8
Corona Humboldt Oct. 8
Kewburff. ... Grays Harbor Oct. 9
Centennial... Seattle 8c Tacoma .... Oct. 9
Argo Eel River Ports Oct.- 9
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 9
breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 9
Tl tanlaL Jsanalmo Oct. 10
Chehalls San Pedro Oct. 10
S. Monica.... San Pedro Oct. 10
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Oct 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 10
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor Oct. 10
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ....... Oct. 10
Coronado Grays Harbor Oct. 11
Pomona Humboldt Oct; 11
Pomo Point Arena 4; Albion.. Oct. 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. 11
Bonlta * Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 11
Marlposa.... Tahiti t .. Oct. 12
l.'matilla Pugf.t Sound Ports .... Oct. 13
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt Arena Oct 18
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 13
City Peking. . New York via Ancon.lOct 13
Ammon Hamburg & Way Pts.lOct. 13
Rainier Seattle & Bellingham. . Oct. 14
China China * Japan 'Oct. 14
Centralia Grays Harbor JOct. 15
Xicarla Seattle (Oct. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... |Oct 16
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma [Oct 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Oct. 17
TO SAIL. | ••; *
Bteamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 7. " ..
Homer Humboldt.. 10 am Pier 8
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 20
Montara... Seattle direct .... 4 pm Pier 11
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Norwood... Seattle direct 3 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 "am Pier 9
Abydoc Hamburg & Way.. 10 am Pier 19
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPier 9
October 8.
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 6 pm Pier 20
N. Fork.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Aureha Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Aiameda — Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
City Sydney N. y. via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
October 9.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
S. Rosa San Diego &c Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 10.
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 8 pm Pier 2
Chico Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Coos Bay... Ean Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 11.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.... S pm Pier 8
Redondo. . . Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
October 12. |
Arctic Humboldt 9 pm Pier 2
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
I October 13.
Pomo ; Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ran Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Mongolia...) China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Newburg...; Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G. Lindauer] Grays Harbor .... 1 pm Pier 2
October 14.
Sequoia. . . . j Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Bonlta i Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Coronado Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amjpier 24
October 15.
Newport... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m) Pier 40
October 17. * |
Umatllla... Pugof Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
FROM SEATTlS!
Bteamer. Destination. Sails.
Humboldt. — Skagway & Way Ports. Oct 7
Oregon Nome & St. Michael. . Oct. 8
Cottape City. Kkagway &, Way Ports. Oct. 10
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Oct 10
Bertha Cook3 Inlet & Way Pts Oct 10
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 13
Santa Ana. . . Seldovla & Way Ports. Oct 18
bread. 1500 cs 100 bbls salmon, 1764 lbs chicory,
1*5 cs canned goods, 10 cs table preparations,
1C30 lbs dried peas, 50K57 gals wine. 145 pkps
beer. HO cs mineral water. 2S pkgs parte, 25
pkgs Rroceries and provisions, 4230 pes pipe
and nttinKs, 40 pkgs dry goods, 100 carboys 2
cs acid, 50 bbls fireclay, 50 bbls plaster, 264
pkg-s 110 cs blasting powder. 57.510 lbs coke. 4tf
cs paints, 100 bxs cap, 15 bales duck, 80 kegs
red lead, 7O3 lbs 31 cs manufactured tobacco,
6 bbls oil, 9 bars steel and iron, 5 cs benzine,
207 hogs.
Breaks the Customs Seals.
Th- Fkirp-rs of foreign ships moored in this
rcrt *:ui cargoes aboard should have telltale
tbeQ&maetcn In their cabin* alongside cf the
telltale ccrcpEBS, and connected electrically
with the ir.:*rfor economy of th« vessel. By
rcch flerto the temperature of the coal and
¦ r.fl:ircrr.ab:e cargo could be accurately
i • va and 0* "'Old Man" would learn the
»\^-i <¦'. tba nre under the hatches without
breaking the customs seals and drifting afoul
, . ,. eretaiT of Commerce and Labor. Cap
tx'tj iHrnls of the French bark General de
;\>=rVr. which r««rntly arrived from New
castle with coal, cjened his hatches last
sday, a^epirig that he thought his cargo
¦«-.« .-.a" fire. Now Captain Denis and Captain
:.e Bntifh ship Ditton are working
ix'.ra aa' hor watches preparing letters with
: • i ui-jlng sea ites in them, because Coi
lf-ctcr may be clack on eailorisms, «x
¦ -,::-.p the peril cf a coal cargo fire at sea.
'¦ tbes* two pood skipper* are good writers
lv>y w.ll each win back the $500 fines which
tre hanging In the air. Anyhow, they had
J:ur attend to the matter of the telltale
t).frn:orr.cters.
Mall Steamer Movements.
After the present trips the Pacific Mail
«"' -r.rar.y's steamships San Juan, Barracouta
fcnd .San Jose will be taken off the regular
Panama run and will work the southern coast
. .'< e trade. The Costa Rica and City ol
I'ara will to en the regular Panama and way
;.ort run.-
The 31&11 dock yesterday was an exceed
:riE!y busy plac«. With the Mongolia thrcw
'.r.z cut her tons of cargo on one side and a
i ••.a':! army of men loading the Siberia oa the
ciher, th^rc was no room for idlers. All last
I . !.! the trucks rolled around the wharf, find
thia afternoon the Siberia will get away for the
<yrj-ni wilh m. big carco. Her passenger list
'.? light, only about thirty through to China
fcid Japan.
Tb«.Toyo Kisen KaUha liner America Maru
Is due from the Orient to-morrow.
Absent Customs Inspector.
N'othing is known on the Pacific Mail wharf,
¦?here he was regularly stationed, of the absent
rustomi Inspector, James W. Campbell. Last
f iturrtay h- told some <jf his fellow inspectors
tr.a.t lie "was going to ask for two we-ks" leave
if absence He left his badge end official seal
en his ilei'k and left without the formality of
a leave.
Mishaps at Sea.
A dispatch, to the Merchants' Exchange
state* that tl*e ship Henry B. Hyde, which
went on the rocks near Norfolk, Va., recently,
has been destroyed. Her owners were In hopes
that she oculd be saved, but a heavy s^a roll
ing on the beae>. broke. th«» hawser that held
her in safe position and beat her hull to pieces.
From London it 1« learned that the Hritish
ship gofaia Jrcm Cardiff to British Columbian
ports, put into tive Falkland Islands about
fcepttrriber 2tt in a damaged condition. In a
heavy «a'e **>• had - receivsd much Injury
around the d*-cks, bulwarks shattered, sails
lost, carjro shifted and decks started.
Water Front Xot«s.
Sudden A Cfcristensor/s new et«amer Nor
wood bad a trial trip on the bay yesterday,
fhe wa* built under the suwrvisjem of H. C.
Tabrett arid her machinery was installed by
th« Fulton Iron W<5rka. A large number cf in
vited ru^sts were on b>ard and the excursion
¦was well •njeyed.
' The ship Llewellyn J. Mors* arrived Wed
nesday n!gi-.t from Fort Wraneel, Alaska, with
•i-.'.i; cases of salxncn. This has been the
rt*Tt full cargo of fish that has come down
from th« north this season. In fact Fort
Wrargel canneries appear to be running with
s full catch.
Th« i"tes.m»r Leelanaw has been chartered fcy
the -Dunsmuirs for three years for cargo car
ry;rig and towing purposes between Treadwell
*."n<l Tacoma.
The Oceanic liner Scnoma sailed yesterday
from* Honolulu for Sydney.
Tii« eteajner Jatne« II. Donahue will leave her
slip at the ferry at 8:«0 a. m. to-morrow for
Slare Island sx.d will arriv* at the navy yard,
where the passengers n;ay witness the launch-
Ing of th« new tralnlng-fchlp Intrepid.
4 .
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to 3Iarfners and
Shipping: Merchants.
The French bark Genevieve Mollncs Is char
tered for wheat to Europe at 2"^s Cd (Is 3d le*s
direct); British ship Scottish Uoora, barley to
nurop* *t 21s na Cri less direct); British ship
Wanderer. Ium1*er from Chenialnus to Cardiff
und Liverpool at £5s.
The bark Kslulaci returns to Honolulu with
general carjo.
The barkertine Irmgard was cleared yester
day tot Honolulu with an snorted cargo valued
• t'$3S.6S4. Tte following- were the principal
shipments: • •.- ¦ <¦
. v.;,(\ -bbis flour, 157* ctls barley, 4 ctls wheat.
!S0 ctls oats. 133 ctls corn. 108.082 lbs bran.
11.472 lbs middling*, 1*71 bales hay. 8088 lbs
*•*&* UL£f4 la* «*IW- £360 U» la*d, CM* lbs
Merchandise for- Honolulu.
201& bbls flour. 30u0 rals 15 cs wine, 100 cs
cannsd salmon, 20.000 lbs bran, 121 6 lbs bread,
7 pkrs baklr.s powder, £5,100 lbs coffee, 150 cs
canned goods. 330$ bales hey, H0.000 lbs lard,
12,450 lbs paste, 31.S50 lbs rice, 773 lbs spices,
1015 lbs rosin. 114.235 ft lumber. COO cs coal
til. IS bdls brooms, r.0 coils cordage, 100 bbls
cement.- 40 pkxs dry goods, 7 pkgs dru*s, ' 200
cs dyreir.ite,. 1. cs fuse, 9 cs gasoline, 983 ft
hardwood. 2000 cs coal oil. 2? bales oakum. 41
i;.fM.a:r.:. £ bdls pipe, 2200 lbs starch. 4 bbls
tar. 4.-:* pkgs hardware.
The schooner Sophie Christens*™ aaitod on
WednesJay for Santa Rosalia with an assorted
rnerch&ndlse r^crgo va.!ue£ ¦ at $13,217 and In
cluding; the following::
A Cargo for aiexico.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, Oct. 7.
Stmr Californlan, Dow, 69 days from New
York, via Coronel 20 days and 20 hours.
Stmr Alcazar, Wlnkel, 10 hours from
Grttcwood.
f tmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 42 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Greenwood, Walvlr, 19 hours from
Xef-dle Rock.
9*mr Point Arena, Miller, 12 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, VIV, hours
Portland, via Astoria 44^ hours.
Stmr F A K'.lburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodsrers.
Stmr Acme, Reed, 42 hours from Ean Pedro.
Stmr N'avarro, Weber, 20 hours from West
port.
Ftmr Celia, Smith, 20 hours from Albion.
Stmr Magele, Eagles, S hours from Half
mocn Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, SO hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Stmr Nuyo, Jchnson, 26 hours from Eureka,
Hktn John Smith. Hick. 12 days from Bel
lincham.
Brie W G Irwln. Hansen, 8 days from
Roche Harbor.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Churchill. RcKtidal, 9 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Jennie Grlfftn, Gibton, 3 hours from
Bolinas.
Schr Xewark, Reinertuon, 13 hours from
Fifhermans Bay.
Schr Bessie K. Stark. 10 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Bodegra.
Schr Balnbrfdee, Enrlebrettsen, 10 days
from Port Blakeley.
Srhr A B Johnson. Eeg^lthorst, 10 days from
Grays Harbor.
Sr.hr Vine, Anderson. 4 days from Eureka.
Schr John O North, Gastrom, 10 days from
Port Gamble.
CLEARED.
Thursday, Oct. 7.
Fr ehto Amlral Cecille, Annette. Tacoma;
Roth. Blum & Co.
Bktn Irmeard.. Schmidt, Honolulu; Wil
liams, Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, Oct. 7.
V S sunr Albatross, Garrett, Panama.
Stmr F A Ktlbum, Thompson. Port Rodgers.
Stmr Macffie, Katie*. Halfmoon Bay
Stmr Slate of California, Thomas. San Diejo.
Stmr Bor.ita, Preble, Ean Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar. "VVinkel, Greenwood.
Stmr AJiiante, Hardwick, Eureka, Coos Bay
ana Portland.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, Fort Brae*.
Stmr San Pedro. Ras--irus£er.. Kui-eka
Ptmr Porno. AhHn. Albion River
Ktrnr Newport. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Schr Alice Kimba!!, Xyc, S'uslaw River.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umpq.ua Klver.
Schr Sophie Carfetenson, Lunvaldt Santa
Rotuilia.
fcchr Eallor Boy. Oleen. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
i PO , INT , Oct 6. io d m— Weather
cloudy; wind west: velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Mackinaw
hence Oct 2; Ger stmr Nlcaria. from Comox.
bailed Oct 5— fcchr It W Uartlett. ¦ f or Re-,
dondo; stmr Kan ilateo, for San Francisco
Oct 0— Br ship Oranasia, for Queenstown
BELUNGHAM- Arrived Oct 5— Stmr Shasta,
hence Oct J.
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 6-Stmr Columbia,
hence Oct 4; stmr Despatch, hence Pent 30
Eailcd Oct 5— Schr Heulah, for Fan Diego
Sailed Oct ©— Ger etmr Arabia, fcr Yoko
hama.
Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Pulton, hence P<-Dt "0
SEATTLE — Arrived Oct j G — Stmr Bertha!
from Vaide«; Btmr Tampico, hence Oct 2; etmr
Huxnboldt, from Skasway.
Sailed Oct 5 — Stmr Geo Loomis, for San
Francisco. Oct C — Stmr Jefferson, for Skag
way.
Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Rainier, henca Oct 2
Sailed Oct 6 — Stmr Centennial, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Santa Clara, for Valdez.
EUREKA— Sailed Oct ft— Stmr Francis H
L«££ett, for San Francisco, with new Btmr
Cascad« la tow; stmr W H Krawr, for Saa
FrancUco.
Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Eureka, hence Oct 6.
TATOOSH — Paeed out Oct « — Schr Mindoro,
from Port Blakeley. for 8an Pedro; Btmr Geo
Loomis, from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed in Oct 6 — Stmr Robert Dollar, bencs
Oct 2 for Mukllteo.
COOS BAY — Sailed Oct 6 — Stmr Arcata, for
Ean Francisco; stmr Chico, for San Francisco.
. Arrived Oct (J — Stmr Breakwater, henca
Oct 6.
BANDON- Sailed Oct «— Schr Advance, for
San Francisco; schr Coquelle, for San Fran
cisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Bailed Oct 6— Stmr
Coos Bay, for Ban Pedro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 6— Br
ship Harniuon. for Orecon; stmr James S
HiRTins, for San Francisco. • via Saa Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— ArrtTtd Oct 6— O«r bark
Bartba, Irom Seattle. ,
Three carloads of ore -were reported
by the committee to have been recently
shipped. They showed a value from
the smelter of (1600 a ton and the com
mittee saw 60 sacks, weighing 100
pounds each, ... -"from which they (the
mine owners) expected to realize from
the' pannings over $500 a sack." . At
Tonopah, Goldfields and the other dis
tricts' visited by the committee' there
is sufficient ore td require three times
the present shipping facilities to han
dle. The committee gave as reasons
for the fact that the mines in ques
tion are not dividend payers, lack of
power, water and shipping facilities.
The committee reported that several
mines in Tonopah "were visited. No
attempt was made to furnish any de
tails concerning any or these mines.
Thirty-nine shafts have been sunk in
the district and twenty-three out of
the thirty-nine were reported in pay
ore. "Many of these . have developed
large bodies of very mgh grade ore,"
reported the committee. "Tonopah is
to-day a settled business community
and is destined to be a great mining
center."
Goldfields, Columbia, Diamond Fields
and Jumbo were also visited. Concern
ing the miues the committee reported
that as a whole, considering 1 the extent
of the territory so far prospected, "they
bid fair to be the greatest gold pro
ducers in the country. New finds are
constantly being made of ore with" a
value of $60 or more a ton In gold,
showing that the rich mineralization
is general over a wide area." Whether
these values will extend! in depth the
committee refused to say as "no ona
can see under the ground beyond the
point of a pick." ...
That you should find out, through some rep
resentative sent by you, the condition of the
work belr-r done, and whether they are being
legitimately opened up, and thereby protect the
Investing public.
If the above recommendations are adopted,
¦we believe that a new interest will be awakened
and that beneficial results will accrue, not only
to the mining . interest* but also to our ex
change.
A committee of the San Francisco
Stock Exchange consisting of A. B.
Huggles, Joseph Marks and W. C. Ral
ston reported to the exchange yester
day their conclusions concerning the
Tonopah and Goldflelds mining dis
tricts, which they personally visited.
The committee also made recommenda
tions to the exchange In regard to Its
action. The recommenflations, in full,
are as follows:
In view of the foregoing, we, your committee,
beg leave to recommend that many of the
mines in these several districts should be listed
and regularly called upon our exchange.
That you should first, however, obtain from
each of the mining companies a statement
signed by the proper officers of the amount of
their capitalization, the stock already dis
posed of and the amount on hand In the
treasury.
A graduate of some forestry school,
with a certain number of years' ex
perience, is the sort of person that
members of the California Water and
Forest Association wish to have ap
pointed as forester for this State, un
der the terms of a bill to be presented
to the California Legislature at its
next session. A meeting of the com
mittee that was appointed at a recent
conference between the Water and For
est Association's committee and repre
sentatives of the United States For
estry Division to draft a bill to prevent
the further destruction of California
forests by fires will be held next Sun
day. William Thomas is the chairman
of that committee and it will have be
fore it the bill that was recently sub
mitted by the Forestry Division repre
sentatives who have been engaged In
work in this State. In that proposed
measure one clause made the appoint
ment of a forester by the Governor fol
low the recommendation of the For
estry Division.
The purpose of this provision was to
make it certain that no mere politician
should ever be selected to fill a position
that requires some knowledge of for
estry. It was considered certain that
no Governor of California would ever
consent to have a bureau of the na
tional Government select for him a
man to appoint to any State position.
The desirability of having a man with
the indispensable forestry lore led to
turning over the bill to a special com
mittee for amendment to meet existing
conditions. Since then the idea of pro
viding an educational qualification for
the State forester is reported to have
gained ground. There is no demur to
the general suggestions made by the
Governmental forestry attaches. It will
probably be recommended that the fire
wardens be provided for in the bill;
each warden having a specified dis
trict shall be entirely under the control
and direction of the State forester.
Probably the amount asked from the
State as an appropriation in the for
estry bill that has already been con
sidered will be raised from $20,000 by
the special committee to some larger
sum. The compulsory burning of
"slashings" as a preventive measure
against fires is still open to discussion.
Holders of large timber tracts have
said that they approved of promptly
destroying the slashings for the pur
pose of getting the litter that might
feed flames off the ground. Smaller
timber owners may object on account
of. the expense Involved.
Possibly two bills may be reported,
so that if one set' of provisions proves
to be too strongly opposed another set
may be adopted and so make the neces
sary beginning possible. It is now re
ported that there was no need for the
great fire at the Big Basin in Santa
Cruz County lately. Smoldering em
bers were seen a week before the large
conflagration. Parties who passed
seemed to think that the responsibility
belonged to others. The real fact was
that responsibility did not devolve of
ficially on any one.' The appointment
of' a forester and the forest wardens
will make it the duty of paid persons
to watch for incipient fires and to ex
tinguish them as soon as possible, be
fore any destructive headway can be
made.
Investigation Is Suggested
Regarding Mining Methods
at Tonopah and Goldfields
Inquiry Concerning Methods
for Stopping Forest Fires
Leads to Some Conclusions
WILL BAR POLITICIANS
REPORT IS SUBMITTED
Seven-Day Conflict
With Heavy Gale
and Stormy Seas
Battle of the Wind
and Wave Against
Steel and Steam
WEATHER REPORT.
PORT TOWNSESD — Arrived Oct 6 — Schr
Alice Conke, from Honolulu.
FORT riRAGG— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
GKAYS HARBOU— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr
Eanta Ilarbar.i. lie-nce Oct 3.
Sailed Oct *', — Stmr Nevrbunr, for San Fran
ri.«pi,; «-hr Lizzie Vance, for San Francisco.
I "OUT BLAKT.I.KY- Sailed Oct 0 — Bark
I^oulEiana. for Kolondo.
Arrived Oct li— Sclir Henry K Hall, from
Wlnriow.
WINSLOW— Arrived Oct ft— Schr Golden
Shore, from Manila.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Argyll.
for Pan Francisco: schr Matthew Turner, for
Kleele; ship Hawaiian Isles, for San Fran
clsno; ttmr Sonoma, for Sydney.
Arrived Oct »S — Stmr China, from Yoko
hama and Horgkong, for San Francisco.
HOXOIPV— Arrived Oct 4— Schr Defender,
bonce Sept 17.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct fr— Br Bhlp
River TaJloch. from Antofaeasta.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 26 — Br trtmr Tel«
machus, for Seattle.
BARCELONA— Arrived Oot 4— 8Daa Btmr
MontFerrat, from Manila.
COLON— Arrived Oct 4 — Stmr Advance, from
New York.
LA DYSMITH— Sailed Oct B— Nor itmr Tl
tama. for Pan Francisco.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Oct 6 — Ital W-k Cate
rina Accame. for Dublin.
CAIA.AO — Arrived Sect 6 — Ger itmr Her
monthis. hence May 26 for Hamburg.
IQUIQITE— Arrived SeDt 17— Br stmr Anglo
Saxon, for .
SYDNEY— Sailed Oct 6 — Br wtmr Mlowera,
for Vancouver.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct »— Stmr City of
Peking:, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Frisdrich
der GroBse, for Bremen, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg; Btmr La Savole, for Havre; stmr
Laurentlan, for Glasrow.
TR1FSTK— Arrived Oct 2 — Stmr Gerty, from
New York, via Nacles and Venice.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Teu
tonic from New York.
GUA*SGOW — Arrived Oct 0 — Stmr Korean,
from Boston, via Halifax.
HAMBURG— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Patria,
from New York, via Dover.
Movements of Steamers.
The big American Hawaiian freighter
Callfornian, Captain Dow. arrived yes
terday morning, 53 days from New
York, -with a general cargo of over
E000 tons. The steamer had fair weath
er down the Atlantic and hummed
alcmg until fhe was entering the Paci
fic Ocean from the Straits of Magellan,
Neptune in his most "grouty" moods,
to use a sea. term, was evidently wait
ing for the ship and she had hardly
cleared Cape Pillar, at the mouth of
the straits, when he aroused himself
and sot busy. A strong gale from the
northwest suddenly began to whistle
by, with heavy eeas from the west
northwest. The California^ is no
tfainty steam yacht and though she is
leaded to a "steady" point with' cargo,
her rails were 6oon going under with
A Quick jump from starboard to port.
The decks were flooded with water
tvashinr fore and aft with the pitching
of the ship, but as there is not enough
wood about the Californlan to make a
chicken coop, nothing about the decks
could be broken nor torn adrift. The
rreat waves simply piled themselves
on the vessel, washing fore and aft.
and cpllied back Into the sea without
C<Ang any damage. On the second day,
Feptember 10, the hurricane Increased
in violence as If the elements were de
termined to down the stanch craft.
The steamer rolled deeply, laboring and
e training In her struggle with the
mountains of water that hurled them
erlves to the attack. All that day
Captain Dow and his first officer stood
en the bridge, which Is high above the
deckhouses, with the seas at Intervals
joing over their heads. Heavy rain
snd hail storms swept across the ocean.
adding to the general confusion and
dlsagreeableness of the tempest. The
carpenter reported nine feet of water
In the bilge, caused by the violent
straining of the hull and the constant
wash of the seas around and over the
decks. However, the steam pumps
coon cleared this out.
On the seventh day of the straggle
the storm began to moderate and
toward night the gale was blowing
itself out. Wind and wave had pre
vailed not against steel and steam and
the Californlan came out of the tem
pest to float on summer seas till she
entered the Golden Gate. The vessel's
former trip from New York, which was
a fair weather passage, took E8 days
&nd nor arrival in the port was August
:g, 1^03.
Committee of Stock Exchange
Proposes Plan to t Increase
Business Done by Brokers
Educational Requirements to
Secure Competent Officer
Are Proposed by Committee
BIG FREIGHT STEAMER
CALIFORNIAN ARRIVES
FORESTER NEEDS
TO BE TAUGHT
FAVOR LISTING
NEVADA MINES
TI-JE ; SAN FRANCISCO GALL, -^FRIDAY, .OCTOBER- 7, 1001.
The Paraiso Springs are always optn. •
BARS! SENT TO WHITT1ER.— Ratae]
Bar*l, who pleaded guilty to a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon In Judge Dunn*"*
court, appeared for sentence yesterday. -,- As
he' ha* not yet attained his majority the
Judge suspended sentence and ordered him
sent to the Whlttier Reform School. Bar-si.
smarting under an attack made upon hla
father, fired . five - shot* at Lulgl Gulnasso on
the morning of June 15. none of the bullets
11
FREE FREE FREE.
TEA :
GARDEN
. DRIPS.
A QUART CAN OF SYRUP
*For the table. Upon this prod-
uct the Pacific Coast Syrup Co.
has built its reputation.
A CAN FREE
WITH WANT ADS
IN THE SUNDAY CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied page.
'¦ ¦ v*
ppcif 11 t*p*c
£ (UL 1 L fUl I WO ;
!; , OF i
j (SUNDAY'S)
First Installment "The Grafters."
I ¦ (A powerful political story.)
; By Francis Lynde.
"Leaves for Bookworms." .
! By Robert W. Ritchie. .
I "Adventures of Reuben."
\ : ' By Edward W. Townsend.
"On Being Introduced."
; By Jerome K. Jerome.
; "Mat's Monkey."
I By Frank T. Bullen.
"The Third Person."
By Keith Gordon.
"A Batch of Love Letters."
I (The Case of Wall Versus Montgomery.)
; By W. Pett Ridge.
"The Return of the High Shoulder
Puff."
By Augusta Prescott.
"The A fax of Sophocles."
By Madge Moore.
; "Mrs. Crusoe's Woes."
\ By George Winthrop.
"The Madness of Clothes."
I By Marie Corelli. *
"Physical Culture at Home."
, By Prof. Geo. S. Miehling.
"Flying Machine That Flies."
"What Women Want to Know."
By Madge Moore.
"The Mewspaper Artists' Exhibit."
Puzzle Page for the Children.
: Also
"Mr. Dooley/'
I Davenport's Cartoons
; And the -
: Handsome Art Supplement,
; "A St. Bernard On Guard."
Price - - 5c Per Copy
On Sunday, October 30, J904,
: The Call will add a fine Comic Sup-
plement to its many other excellent
! features, making it one of the strongest
| and most desirable papers in the
j: United States.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1904.
12
CXAIBVOTAgTS— -Contained.
FROM all sections they come to witness th»
wonderful demonstrations of the noted
LIVINGSTONE. Readings $1. W(*uld it not
be a relief to know how you will succeed,
to be relieved of the matters that are troub-
ling you and of the schemes of your enemies,
that you may meet with better success? Then
for a reliable reading g» to LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy St.; three separate reception par-
lors: lady attendants; hours 10 a. m.-8 p. m.
MME. GABRIEL. Eastern palmist; card read-
er; 12 to 8. 765 Market St.. room 2.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves: 25c up. 612V& Eddy st.: no sign.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-kno— n fortune^
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPI— IT UA_IS— .
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St. Kath-
ryn. 480 Ellis st., corner Leavenworth. room
221; no signs.
MRS. CRINDLE. materialising eeance. Friday
evening. 8 o'clock, 328 Ellis st.
MRS. LESTER— Circle; 8 p. m.; 10c; readings
dally. 43 Sixth st.
»
C.MATO STEERS ;phychic readings by mall $1.
3563 17th st.. San Frayisco; tel. Capp 856.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painlem and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made: old places made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; flllings.25c.
GOLD filling*. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr A.C.Hewitt. 2O4 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary
st. to cor. Sutter and Grant ave.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DEESSXaAKEBS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 llkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
EDtrCATIONAI..
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building. 738 Mission
it., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light: finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
v leges; »efs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYERS. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $3 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. 723 Mark«t.
CALIFORNIA School Elocution and Oratory.
Physical Culture — Dramatic readings, mono-
. loguetf. day and evening; class or private.
Association bide. Mason and Kills.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1S<H; Van
der Nalllen Schcol. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van N«ss
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A — GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINES3 COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market at. Send for catalogue.
A — MOVED to 12S1 Market et.: large, sunny
quarters. Western Business College.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcademy
of languages, 1018 Pest; est. 1S71; ablest profs.
CHICAGO Business College. 1435 Market — Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $S mo.
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults: 50c. 2395 Mission, cor.20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, S3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 82S Halght st.
ADULT, and ' Juvenile classes now open. Htn-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. CaL
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by 'mail and per-
aoually. Mlsa M. G. Barrett. C'JS Moms' my.
BUSINESS CHAWCES — Continued,
MILLINERY store, new stock, rent $90... $1100
Cigar stand. Mason St., rent $20 $100
Cigar stand, 7th St., rent low; sell at Invoice.
Drug store, across bay, rent $30. . . ; . . .$2500
Saloon, Folsom. liv. rms., well stocked. $1100
Saloon. O'Farrell st., license, rent $90.. $1500
Restaurant, Third St., well est., seats 58. $300
Restaurant, 4th St.. rent $22 50; seats 46. $325
Grocery and bar, llv. rms., rent $20 $350 I
Bak. and ice cream par., wagon route.. $2500
General store, 5 living rooms, rent $25.. $900
SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
1118 Market «t.
BOOK store with living rooms In rear; $1500
cash: value in sight; a splendid opportunity.
Box 1421, Call offlce. Oakland.
WANTED to buy — A saloon; location must be
good. Box J276. Call offlce.
$S!» — GROCERY and bar, 045 Bryant: rent
$25; 5 living rooms; good stock; must sell.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber *hoP and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offlce.
SALOON for pale; cheap; good location; S3S
Broadway, Oakland.
-ODG—TO-HOUSES FOB SALE.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050*
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Koomlng-housec, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years 1 lease.; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; good furniture, ajjd car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if run
transient can clear S30O to $350 per month;
here la best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300..
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms; rent only $5 6O per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance, of
lifetime to get first-claes house that is clear-
ing $350 to $4C0 at bargain; owner obliged to
leave for Eurone to settle au estate; make
offer; exclusively with us.
60-room. new, modern 2 and 3 room, apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city: 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account ¦ slckr.css.
45 roomc; rent only $125: first-class location;
well furnished and good running orde^r; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in ci^ ; account sickness ; price $4500.
ISO rocms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped: cheap
rent: fine leaee; paying $500 to $600 p«r month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
€0 rooms; new, modern building: elegantly
furnished; close In; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
16 rooms: rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; alawys full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make oiler.
80 rooms; newly furnished throughout: five-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
B-room flat: rent only $50; water free; oalc
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
I2S rooms; cheap rent; long loase; first-class.
' up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month: must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
65 rooms: best downtown commercial house
In city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
tl rooms: cheap rent: very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city: make an offer.
R4 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shane: fine little apartment-house;
clears $100; reduced to $2800.
Large list ot real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
HOTELS .. : <
"12-ROOM house; only $20 rent; $600 cash:; well
furnished, 625 Jessie st., bet. 6th and 7th.
-OP GIMP-HOUSES rOB SA_E — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN!
ROOM 406, EXAMINER BUILDING, cor. 3d
and Market ets., tel. Black 3607 : hotels and
rooming-houses for sale. WE GUARANTEE
GOOD TITLES.
SNAP, on sunny side of street, near Leaven-
worth; 8 rooms: $150 down and $150 in pay-
ments: rent $.35; think it over.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Market— $400 down; elegantly fur-
nished; would you like to put $75 in the
bank every month? If you have $400 to pay
down MARION GRIFFIN will back you for
the balance and put you in possession of
i 6uch a 24-room house.
I: z=z
SPECULATORSfl. If you have a thousand to
invest, we can show you a 35-room houee
that clears $95 monthly: we can sell it for
$1500; we back you with $500, to be re-
turned to us in payments
TO SUIT YOU.
Furnishings are new and clean; rent $45:
price was $2500 and it's worth $2500 AS A
BUSINESS OR SPECULATION.
MARION GRIFFIN.
DEATH of owner causes sale of a 30-room
house, 3 blocks north of Market: very finely
furnished; Immense transient trade; make
offer.
MARION. GRIFFIN.
ALL OUTSIDE ROOMS.
GUARANTEED INCOME $220 monthly:
expenses $98; POSITIVE PROFIT $122; cen-
trally located; 23 rooms; rent $3 50 per
room; orice $1500.
MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY APPOINTED: new and mod-
ern; 50 rooms: centrally located; elegantly
. furnitfhed; electricity for elevator and lights;
8-year lease; hot water' in each room; all
slrgle rooms; roomers mostly business men;
profit $351 monthly: you can pay $2000 down.
WE ARRANGE BALANCE FOR YOU.
MARION GRIFFIN.
BY INVESTING $200 and paying 6 per cent
per mum on balance you can have 4 beau-
. tlfully furnished, sunny, corner rooms rent
free; it'e a fine location; only 6 blocks north
of Market at.
MARION GRIFFIN.
Room 40C, Examiner Building.
SOME BARGAINS — Furnished rooming-hou6e
in business center, making money, reason for
selling owner going East, to the right party
easy payments; well-located European hotel;
choice family hotel; apartments and flats,
furnished and unfurnished, for sale; prices
aad terms will suit.
PACIFIC COAST TRUST CO..
708 Market et.. San Francisco, rooms CO4-6O5.
15 ROOMS; Market St.; rent $60..... $1000
6-room flat: rent $20 $250
24 rooms; rent $60 \ $900
12 rooms; rent 545 $500
24 rooms; rent 5105; will trade forland.$2400
25 rooms; rent $140; north of Market.. $1050
. SAWYER-BLETHEN CO.. .
1118 Market >t.
• ••.... MITCHELL & CO
, 1206 Market st Phone Jessie 2981
Rooming and apartment .houses, hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers; titles guaranteed.
MITCHELL «;/CO ............
C3-ROOM house; rent $90; lease; fine location;
clears $80. . >
-¦...¦ MITCHELL' & CO.. 1206 Market.
A FINE bargain: 22-room house; in good loca-
tion: clears $100 per month year round; will
Stand fullest investigation; only reason for
selling Is old age, as owner Is unable to man-
age and wishes to retire; Bee this. .2134, Call.
10-ROOM lodging-houae for sale;, rent $20;
J water .free. Owner. 712 Montgomery st.
10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
CX.OT__gQ BEWOYATIWO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Ben Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phonfe Drumm 41. Call for and deliver free.
C^^ECTJOIT
BAD tenants ejected 'for S4; 'collections 'made;
city • or country. ¦ ." Pacific . Collection - Co-." 5 415
Montgomery . su. • rooms 9-10. Tel.-. Main 65S0.
I BTTSHTESS C—A1TCES— -Contlnne—
A ~ NO TRIFLERS NEED TO~APPLT.
rp rot; mean uusiness.
See K. G. WILKE, 2U'i Kearny st.
Department store: dry goods, clothing and
carpets; business established 35 years and
known as ...ne. oi the best paying mercantile
«-sta.Wlsr:ments acrcss the bay; stock will In-
voice to about ?3.",000; owmr to retire; will
accept Vi cash. ba.iance en first-class security.
A— $1SOO; CORNER saloon in wholesale dls-
iriCt; no night or Sunday work; rent $75;
l«a~: <- Kood paying business; value in Eight;
owner engaged other'.viic. See R. G. WILKE,
I'ti'.j Ke*rny rL. ' ,
A— $l.'.00; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition: 5 living ruoras; rent $45; 4V4 year*'
l«a.-v; trlendid location and eood-paying bus-
iness. R. G. WILKE. 2UVJ Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER Baloon; rent $20; place
«-urrounde.d i-y 'actcries and doing a good-
imying business. Call R. G. WILKE, 2tiM
__rnjr •«.
A — S2S00: CORNER bakery and confectionery,
ice-cream parlor, etc.; 4 line living rooms;
rent ?50; one of the b«st of its kind o£ busi-
ness in the city. See R. G. WILKE, 2t»V4
Kearny st.
A— I20U0; CORNER grocery and bar, with
living-rooms; rent $4S: best location on Mis-
sion ti.; place established years; fresh stock;
value in sight and a good paying store. See
B. U. WILKE, Kearny at.
A — $5CC; CANDT. ice cream and tamale par-
lor on Devlsadero et. ajid 3 nice furnished
rooms; rent $25; a bargain; owmr sacrifices.
es he must l«ave the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — SCSCO; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.: rent $2."»; return rent $176;
place dcir.tr good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26%Kearny.
A— $5000; rcadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc; monthly income $1000; one of the
best business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 2«tt Kearny St.
A — $1600; cigar eta.nd. corner, choicest and best
location !n this city; rent ?4O; large stock of
leading brands; will nearly invoice the price.
Stc R. G. WILKE. 26Vfc Kearny st.
A— $2«0; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent C100: lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. O. WILKE. 2S»4 Kearny st.
A — $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; doae
to 4 theaters; rent $100: well established
business; full value in sight: a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE, 2C*i Kearny st.
A— $6500; LI VERT and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses. 2 hacks. 1 coupe., 13 bug-
gies, harnesses, etc.; 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a. rirnt-ciaes paying business; rent
$76. B«e R. G. WILKE. 26 Vi Kearny st.
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
¦ his city; 3D beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; close to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26 M
Kearny St.
A— 4900; CORNER saloon on Fourth st.; rent
$30: living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See K. G. WILKE,
26'£ Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $23,
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market St. Call R. G. WILKE. 26}j
Kearny st.
A— $2G0O; HOTEL in San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
street; rent SCO; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
fli-At-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26Vs Kearny st.
A— $«00: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny.
A— CAMERON &. CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds cf business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 6-room ark. moored
on* hour's ride from city: fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing: completely furnished ajid equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — First-clasa livery and boarding sta-
ble: best coast city In California; 50 stalls:
r*nt only $75 per mo.; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes: long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause ot sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for Investors, such as first-class laundry,
ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, country hotels, restau-
rants and many other propositions too num-
erous to mention; would be pleased to have
you caII and inspect our list. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
r<om:ng-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort, 80 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; r«nt $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per
year: price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR tale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood, coal, lumber and cement businesses in
?. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; present owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 .per month; trial given If
desired; part down, balance on CAMERON
& CO.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us: we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to tell.
J. W. JAQU1TH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 4IS-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$ieoo— SALOON: rear Market: good bargain:
call at once. Pee BERG, 318 Kearny st.
$500— GROCERY and delicatessen: value in
fight; bargain. See. BERG. 318 Kearny st>
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money: call at once. -S*e BERG. 318 Kearny.
~ F. L. SKAGGS & CO..
Hotel Brokers. 26 Montgomery st., S. F.
Phone James 6301.
Hotels bought, leased, sold and exchanged in
any locality.
AN energetic business man with some capital
can purchase half Interest in commission
hous«e: l^ng established and doing a good
business; principals only. Address box 2420,
Call office.
$325 — BRANCH bakery, candy and variety
store, with 4 living rooms and bath; rent
reasonable: receipts average $8 to $12 por
<!ay: must be sold at once; other business
cau«e of selling. U0S Webster St.. Oakland.
ENERGETIC party with $500. wining to work,
can secure working interest In staple mfg.
business; $20 week; Inside -work: over*eo help,
make shipments, etc.; references. 247 5th st.
PARTNER wanted that Is reliable and honest;
light indoor business: eptablished for years;
pays at least $S5 per month to each; very
email capital required. S7 3d et.. room 14.
LADY wants steady, active young man partner
with $300; well established business that will
i pay Mm $30 week and over. Call 825 Market
St.. room 437.
$S2.'»0 — GOOD corner saloon: long lease; 3 blocks
from Market st. : on account cf personal
trouble. Box 15S1. Call offlce.
DRUG store; first-class corner; cheap; offlce
rooms In connection; . two years' lease, $30.
J. W. MULLEN. 27 Second st.
CIGAR stand; wholesale district: day trade;
no Sunday work; near California and Front
ets. Address box 2441, Call.
I GOOD paying carriage trimming, harness and
carriage business: bargain: account sick-
ness. 373 Tenth »t.. Oakland.
CAM PAIGN buttons for eale; both Presidential
candidates; tdno city peddling license; cheap.
Box IMS. Call office, Oakland.
A BARGAIN— Bakery and notion store for
•ale cheap: party going away. 1717 Twelfth
ct.. Oakland. $
GROCERY and bar licenee for sal*. Box 2436,
i Call office.
FOR rent— Roadhous*-, old established; Napa,
Sonoma Co.; $10. F. HANREN. Naps. Cai.
DELICACY store, bakery and grocery for sal*
cheap. 523 Fourth st.
FOR sale^ — 2-chair berbsr »hon and 2 house -
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offlce.
! J100- KONKST man partner in a goo<l paying
' business; can make $S0 mo. 1130 Mrkt.. r. 2.
BEST roadhoiise In Alameda County. KIRCH -
KER & MANTE. Ninth & Franklin. Oakland.
SALOON for sale; 7 living. rocms; price $150.
107 Georgia st.. Vallejo. ;
THE CALL
"ii 1 i N li ) - SPKECKKLS. . . -Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOn.V McXAUflHT..
\\. J. IIARTIN Business Marmgyr
TELEPHONE.
Ask fcr THE CALL. The operator Will Con-
nect You With rhe rwrartrr.er.t You W ish.
Pi:blic*ticr. Office Market and Third, fi. F.
Editorial Eocr.« 217 to _1 Srevenson tt.
Delivered by carrier!-. 2'> Cts. Per Week. "»
Ct=. Por Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Tcrrr.s by Mai!. Include? Pottage (Cash \\itn
Order) :
DAILY CALX, linrlud. Kutidar). 1 v « ar ---*rV?
UAlI.r CALL (inciuil. Sunday), ti men... *J>>
DAILY O.LL-By Sinplo Month •«
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -""
WEEKLY CA—U 1 Year • * - w
fDaSiv... SS.SU I>r Y^ar Extra.
FOREIGN 5 p u . 1( i a y. 4.13 P»r Y«*r Kxtra
IIDSTACJi: [we*—/. !•<*> r » r Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTEBS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sa_p!a Cobles will be forwarded when re-
auetted.
Mai! fmbtrrlbers In ordering change of «d-
e>e*s fhou'.d be r«rtlcular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS !n order tn insure a
prompt fend correct C0_plUnc« wlih their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone ilaln 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tUS Center Street Telephone North .<
WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL1V. WALL Hotel Barton
NETV TORK MCWB STANDS:
Waldort-Actoria Hotel: A. Brentano. SI
T;r.:en Square; Murray Hill Ilctel; Finh-avenue
Hole! *r.d :..':>¦:. House.
CHICAGO NETTS STANDS:
Eber— _ House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern H'-tcl: Trcrncr.t House; Auditorium
HctU; Viii^f-T ileus*.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. CEOrOK KCOC2CESS. Marquette Buildicg.
<Lo«S Distance Telephone. '•Central 2619.")
NEW YOP.K REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN E. SMITH.. ..:;0 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE or the San Francisco CaM.
corner Market tnd Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the rear.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I0 r > Market street, opposite Firta; open until
11 x>. m.
VZ~ Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
;<:o0 d. m.
r r '"' Hayes f»tre*t; cp*n until 9:S0 p. m.
sa» McAllister street; op»n until 0:30 p. m.
«i!5 Larkin street; fpen until 9:30 p. m. '
1S11 Mission fc-.reet; open until 10 p. m.
!(¦<; lilexenth street: cper. until 9 p.m.
IfiM Valencia street; ci*en ur.til II p. n.
Nonhrast corner Oh;:sch and Duncan streets:
<-l>er. i::-.til 9 p. m.
--'<*' Filln-ici-e f:re*t; rpen ur.til 9 p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccrr.mandory No. L K. .
• ;. ¦ ¦_ : i! assembly THIS EVEN- iSS"
ING. at 7:30. Duslnees only. All _J
Iraters courteously Invited. '^f
CHARLES M. PLUM. Commander.
T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
.PACIFIC Lodge No. 1S6, F. and A. M. _
fated m^etir.g THIS EVENING, 7:30 VVf
o'clock. /V\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. I. K. of P., -£t*
meets THIS < FRIDAY) EVENING. >=g2>j/
fit S o'clock. Pioneer building. 24 /!_)!&
Fouith ft. Esquire rank. Visitor* M£S&£_
cordially invited. -^7 , *"
F.. O. MOLL, C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
I AN FRANCISCO Tent No 1%. y<S^_fcw
K O. T M. — Review THIS /j-tC--"-*®^
(FRIDAY) EVENING a: * KfT» OVSS
o'clock. Piocetr HalL 24 \X& 'MV t^J
D. *B RICHARDS. \k&?2&/
- Record Keeper. >{gg_»~
A. O. U. W. — To officers and members ,.v- *
of Hanr.cr.r Ix:x2«e No. 9. A. O I* -^4'
w.: P!ease take notice to attend theEV.S?
funeral of our la»e brother, W. P t¥y-':-*
V.KITTEN. from his late residence, aosli
Eighth ft . at 2 p. rn.. (VtoVr 7. 15<O4.
_ _ _£• J- LONG. Master Workman.
C. R. STEVENSON. Recorder.
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- v ~iry v.
dor-isn Our. THIS EVENING, at 3^ 2_iY2
S o'clock. Scottish Hall, 117 Lar- >.VX^
A. _. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAME? H. DUNCAN. Secretary-
THE California Debris Commission having rs-
c*ived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
ce« from E. J. Gordon and P. _e_tror, in
>!etser Mire. r.»sr Mountain House. Plumas
Cour.ty. Cai.. draining into Spanish Creek, I
¦ which reaches Feather River, given notice '
that a rr.*-etir.c to receive any protests ¦will I
be held at room 96. Flood building Pan j
Frar.citco. Cai.. October 17. 1WM, at 1:30 p.m. !
tTOCKHOLDERS' ir.eeitr.g.— Notice is h»rebr
rl^en thtt the annual meeting of the stock- I
holers cf the Bank cf California will be held
et the bankir.e-ncuse in this city on TUES-
DAY. October II. ir<<>4. at 11 o'clock a. m.
By crier pf the Board of Directors
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
HOLIDAT books; ramplej, ready; best UneT-
•11 publishers: best line ot subscription
r>r>rkf; best terms: agents and canvassers
»-tr,t«-d every cour.ty and town. THE J
DEWING CO.. Flood building. B. F.
LADY cr gentleman solicitors; $5 a day- good
propf'Sltlon. 436 Cross: ey building.
INKI.EES fountain p».;i;-: sample 15c: doten
fl fyv re'ails 2*>c. FIELD cp.. m p UB h st.
II. W. KING. Attcrne>-at-Law. Exam, bldg.,
C*.h floor; enhance room fill; established 20
vearp; all courts. cer.«r»l court and office
practice; no fee in advance cr for ocr.«ulta-
tlor; «venlr.g? by mppc&atmmt. Te!. Red 3601.
AT.VK— : fr«* on a! i jej.j matters; Tlx-crces a
specialty: private, cuick: no pay in advanc-; 1
rr.inir.F companies orpanired; ratents obtained i
G. W. HOWE. 1122 tlark?t 1 1. ; esfab. 22 yrs.
AAA— DIVORCE ccots. $12; quick quiet! "
Advice frr-e; a.!'. !;«¦ business.
No charge jr.W» BOBcesafol.
iCPS Market *t.. ocr. Seventh, room 410
A A— Divorce; co*'s S12: «juick.quiet -.advice free";
a A :a.w Kis'.reie; no charge unless auccess-
fui: cr»n f-erirgs. 027 Market st.. room 301.
ADVICE frte: divorce costs $12; no fees or
cr*ts ir. advance: all lav business; offlce
open .Saturday evenirgs. 819 '.farket St.. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce c<, s t» $J2; «j:iickl quiet;
t!l !iw bnabteis: no charge unless snccifH
ful; op"3 e>tr.lr.e* :C7 Market, room 204.
W.M6.tthe»s, f,-^> Market tt.; consult alion free-
¦ rri^ate ar.-l ccr.fidemi&l; no advance fees'
rr/.lect:?r.«. rrechanlcs' liens. t-n*nt« ejected.
ADVICE f~e; divorce, rests $12: o.ulck quiet-
no fees In ad<-an'.-; all law buxln'ss Even-
ir.g*. 7 to f«. r. 4C5 Parrott fcl.ig.. *!>5 Market.
PATENTS, American and foreign. SONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY, 214 Pine M . C_t floor.
L. 6. CLARK. S27 Mcrket. r<v>m £04; cwsultaT
tier, free; r.o »ees in ndr&nce; open •vening*.
DI KOLA'S Asthnm Remedy relicv-s ln<tontly-
ine. ST/C 50c. 1-302 M«.rket. St. Nicholas 1
cl«-o W'irt.art. ICth cr.d Wurtilngtcn. Oakland.
ASTKOX.OGY.
SOBnitE. a*tro!-.5;"r: |ary__; occu;t ar.d as-
trclorica! readlrga. fl Masiii ft., ro**iis 1-2.
Airroaiiosrz<ss.
LOCOMOBILE. 3f»-hcir«i>ower: 2 seatsl in
root! running order. Cail 47S Valencia «t.
2ISDS. DOGS. ETC.
KARTZ Mcuntain canaries A African «rray par-
rof, juft recclxed. A. C. Iloblson. 3V» K earny.
ETJSINXSS CHANCES.
FOIl eaie^-Elrhth lr.tcrest In new steam
schooner; <••:! l«ir.ier; one of the best boats
,ce the coast; f« paylne 15 per cent net. Fcr
r'rrjeulam cadiejs _i:S. J. H. MANb-
rlELu. gudwocd Oty, CaL
YACiiT^MnN and bii'i'irys rr.frn— All klndi
or drawing aa.l trscins will be Coze clieaji
mii txncOr- Box 171s, Call.
Ff'R salt — A small g.-«crry and bar. Inquire
fct Uie J&dcpon .lirewfry. 1428 Mission cL
FOB cale — Half interest Jn a two-chair barber
•hop; cheap. Arply at 575 !4 Bryant st.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
• pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market at.:
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-557 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
CONKLING'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses mp.de over. 1432 Howard;tel. South 214
ADVANCE Carpet Cleantng Co.. 402 Sutter «t.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASSURED SUCCESS' FOR" YOU. pa
Hundreds are lifted from bad health, bad
luck, love, domestic and business troubles,
by the aid and advice of the popular clair-
voyant,
» PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
His former $5 reading this week for $1.
Read Carefully-. An Honest Proposition.
(You to be full Judge. t
No Charge No Charge
Unless you obtain the Information for which
you consult him.
I ho hereby solemnly sgree to guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name
and what you want to know. I tell If hus-
¦ band, wife or sweetheart is true or false,
whom and when you will marry; in fact, I
will tell every hope, fear cr ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength In mental and bodily vigor,
and luck that insures success In business,
mining and speculation; I Implant controlling
power in your nature »o you can fascinate
any one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved one and cause mar-
riage with the one of choice: 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st. — 328.
A— THE EMINENT
RICHARD MAYO.
THE GREATEST LIVING ADVISER ON
THE CONTINENT.
This week $1— His $10 reading— $1 this week.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
I demonstrate to the entire satisfaction of my
patrons that I am in a position to advise them
In all matters of life, whether on business, do-
mestic troubles, health, or on social lines. If
you der Ire to have your lost love returned,
your enemies converted Into stanch friends — In
a word, whatever may be your troubles, suspi-
cions or desires — call on this gifted man. He
will tell you frankly your condition, what you
may expect. If nothing can be done for you
he will not accept one dollar of your money.
He tells- everything, good or bad. You hear
the truth and nothing but the truth. As a test
In his readings he tells you your name, age,
and what you want to know, giving dates,
facts and figures. All business sacredly confi-
dential. Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m., daily and
Sunday.
421 Ellis st. Don't ring. Walk in.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAM0U3
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner bldg.; she reads your life -correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur In the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
bles,' consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overceme them; valuable ad-
,vlce In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
¦ guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, fl; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San Franctsco. Offlce hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes.
¦ day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. ALTKEA, trance clairvoyant; call and
be convinced: wonderful powers. 108 Sixth
St.; bours 3 to 11 p. m.
MISS ZEMDAR. younp. gifted clalr. and palm.:
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c,
. G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names.. 714 Franklin St.-
PROF. . ". JOHNS,' : palmist - and ¦ psychic , card
¦- : reader; ¦ readings, 25c; : 2 ' to . 8 j p. • m. - 613
1 Jessie st/ • \ •¦¦ ¦
EDUCATIO?TAI. — Contlntjea.
CLASSES in short story writing and j<-u r!^t
i«m meet on Mon.. WeJ. and Thura.. -j r> txi
833 Phelan bldg; terms very reasonable!
SCHOOL. OF ILLUSTRATION Dty aad
PARTIN'GTOX'3. 424 Pine St.— Xight claw.
ISAAC Pitman Eusiness College, ;US Haighr
Individual instruc; all branches; day. t \e'.
CALIFORNIA Business Colleze. 023 Gold-™
Gat* »vf.. S. P.: 75-page catalog on ryqu»st.
EMPLOTHEMT O7FZC_S.
A— JAPANESE and Chines* employment of?.e*
supplier best help promptly; city or country
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 328L
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, atenonr^phern
general help. "NATIONAL," 509 H?a.-3i bid"
A— ORPHEVM Employment Offlc»— JapinV~.
Chinese help. 4_ti Powell st. ; tel. Main ;73>.
JAPANESE-Chinesp Emp. Offlce. 415 Stockton"-
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr.,tel.Bu>h 55»!
RELIABLE Japanese- Chinese Employment Of.
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 31SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yea-*
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. fritt Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
A RESPECTABLE, capable woman wishes sit-
uation to take car* of child from 1 day old.
121 t'ubece ave., between Valencia and Guer-
rero sts.
SCANDINAVIAN man and wife like work en
ranch; can take full charge; best ct refer-
ences. Bex 1376. Call offlce.
TYPEWRITING, copying, addresslnj envelope*
reasonable at MISS EDNA CRAMER'S, room
80tf. Mutual Bank building.
COMPETENT girl wishes general housework
and cooking; email family. Apply 61— k. Oo
tavla St.. near McAllister.
COLORED woman wants placs as cook. C_U
at 1515 Leavenworth st.
STRONG, willing; competent American woman.
temperate, honest, wants light sweeping anil
washing by the day; fine laundress; guaran-
tee ratisfactlon: $1 25 and carfare. 139
Fourth St.. first Sight, room 24.
RESPECTFUL Finnish girl would llk» situa-
tion in American family: Is a good coolt:
wages $30 and over. Please call at 13 Hope-
ton tsrrace. bet. Powell and Stoclttoa #ts..
eff 'Washington.
DRESSMAKER — Coats and ladlee* tailored
¦ults, evening gowns; cutter and fltUr; only
first-class work d£ne; work, done at hotn»:
engagements per day or week; no sign.
MISS BAR3S, Sherman House. 23 Eighth.
WANTED — By a competent woman position as
manager cr housekeeper In prtvate faniily.
lodging or apartment house, or charge of a
dining-room. Phone Jessie 4921. 10 to 13 m..
or 2 to 4:30 p.m.; references.
A CHANCE^ — Capable, experienced stenograph-
er; centrally located; who has spars tins,
would like some outside work: copying o*
dictated; owns machine; charged reasonahl*.
Box 1859. Call offloe.
WANTED — By competent, refined woman. po»
¦ltion to look after children, upstairs work,
seamstress or housekeeper; no objections to
country. Bex 24. Call branch. 1531 Church.
A TOUNO colored irtrl would llio position as
typewriter, copyist, bookkeeper, g-nerai of-
flce work: would aeoept small wages. Box
142C, Call offlce. Oakland.
DRESSMAKER and talloress; good fitter, cut-
ter and designer: will go out by th« day;
$2 60. 1422 Post st, near OctaTia.
RESPECTABLE young flrl wishes a position
for second work. Pleas* call 12% HarrUon
•t.. near Flrst^
NEAT colored English woman wishes hou*e-
work In a first-class family; good cook. Bos
1588. Call office.: tel. Folsom 2798.
WANTED— Position aa bookkeeper, stenog-
rapher or cashier by young lady with exp«-
rlence. Address M. H.. box 2141. Call offlc*.
LADY bookkeeper and stenographer wants po-
sition; have had- six years' experience: can
furnish references. Box 2203. Call offlco.
YOUNG lady (German), plays piano, deslrss
position as governess or companion. Box 01.
Call offlce.
A GIRL wants situation to do second work or
general houaeworfc; city reference*. 2014
Fillraore st.
DRESSMAKING In famillna; ladles' tailor-
made suits and evening dresses; only first-
class work done. 1237 Webster st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
house cleantng; 91 SO and carfax*. Call or
address MRS. OSGOOD. 113 Hayes st.
ENGLISH speaking Japanese and wlf» want
to get work In private family. Box 22(3).
Call offlca
GOOD German woman wants position In board-
Ing-house or hotel: good cook. Box 2288. CmiL
SITUATION as a good cook: best of reference*;
no letters answered. 1626 Dgvlaad—o st.
GOOD, reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper. Box 1590. Call office.
EXPERIENCED typewriter and stenographer
desires position. Box 2126. Call office.
STTTJATION wanted by first-class G«mjasi
cook for private parties. Box 2337. Call..
A FRENCH laundress wishes laundering to da
at home; open air dry. Phono Page 7931.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes washing
and mending. Phone Page 7931.
GIRL wishes rositlon as maker In millinery ;
$3 B0 to a week. Address box 2152. Call.
A JAPANESE girt wants a position as school-
girl. H. MURA. 807 Polk st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce.eor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 833 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
BOOKKEEPINO or collecting, or both, for
rart or all the time, wanted by an. experi-
enced man who Is willing to attv» value
received: has b»«it of references and can Ktv*
bonds If neces*ary. Address* box 2415. Call.
YOUNG man. speaks and writes Ergltah. Ger-
man and French, well connected, good ap-
pearance, must have "position of any kind at
once. Box 2435. Call.
COOK, steady. mlddl«-are4 man. good baker.
would lik» to work at llfesavlng stiticrt, hav-
lnv filled like positions before. Box 2429.
Call office.
PORTER and valet, first class, age 23, wants
any kind of steady work any place: salary
no object; excellent refs. Box 2437. Call.
GARDENER, middle-ajjed. slng>. life experi-
ence in greenhouse work, wants situation.
Box 1577. Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter l?slr»» po-
sition: four years' experience with railrcad;
best references. Box 2413. Call oiUce.
i GERMAN gardener, married, like work by day
or month In city. Box 2431. Call rfrtoe.
STEWARD
With first-class Eastern reference* -.-: I M
Wants a position, city or country. • -| • '
Hotel cr Testaurant.
Bex 2132. Call offlce.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to k»ep. opening and
closing books, experting accounts, etc Box
2263. Call office^
MAN and wife, young: man experienced coach-
¦ man; do gardening If required: wife Is a
good cook; $to; first-class references. Box
225T>. Call offlce. _•¦;
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in grocery anrt barroom:
first-class references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kearny st.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by reliable man; understands garden-
ing, care of horses and milking; sood refer-
ences. Box 2233. Call offlce. I*-,--,:
COLLECTOR — Situation wanted by a man if
severnl years' experience; will furnish best
of reference and bond II necessary. Address
l>ox 2232. Call offloe.
WATCHMAN— May or night; situation wanted
In city cr country by a sooer and reliable
man; can furnish best of reference and bond
If necessary. Box 23^1. Call office.
MtVTHANICAL draughtsman, good designer
and detailer. IS . years' experience mlntr.e
- power plants, factories wants work. Box
! 1900. Call offlce.
SOBER, steady and Industrious your.gr Swedish
man wishes position as watchman or all
around man In ' wholesale house or freisht
house. Address F. MOOR. I IMS Harrison st.
A STEADY and sober man wmts position In
— hole*al<» liquor houw -o deltv«r good* mn<i
xaYi orders, or solicit: good references. Ad-
dress III Tork it.
A YOUNG man. 5 years' experience in machtna
shop, wants work of any kind. Call or ad-
dress D. BANKS. 637 Jessie st.
WANTED — Position by - barber with sltffht
knowledge ot business: small wages to start
with; city or country. . Box 22S3. Call of flea.
mft=TEA GARDEN DRIP5-THE PERrECTION Or TABLE
1_ ITU lTl^m^T^"^^ 1^ m / ¦ t.9 Z^S F* T.a j5b »^ Vi a
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
!i$*l "Wi$$$Mx Wm '••• fi vS JL^& flOSo©
H \ I I!!_fi5]r -^A' WJ^SMl $5 HI Home Industry — the choicest, products
ill S^^M^^H^^'ll of the Pacific Coast, Syrup Co.
H^^^^^^^^H' or COLD BREAD
fPI illiiliiii Hi Tea Garden Drips have a flavor all their own
|| i i |%| f'^% \ll)§llii III an ~ a swee * ness not contained in any other syrup.
P H Sylli 111 ft * s ky l° n & oc fck the most popular Syrup on the
— iill i^lLr.Fif frtft^T \ Wk Pacific Coast. Any one bringing a Want Ad to
HI •t4vv CO S PI our offlce
m ||#^S^!!^J H THURSDAY, FRIDAY
— J l%^^ii^i^Biiii 0R Saturday
Will receive FREE a coupon good at any grocery
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7, 190J.
13
BEAIi ESTATE— CITY— POB SA3X
ONLY A FEW LEFT?
$1 25 PER WEEK.
' _ , NO INTEREST.
Choicest lets in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on street
gra«ie: close to fine school: not far from the
Mlssicn-st. electric cars; secure cne as an
investment an 3 by the time it is paid for It
*j!l have doubled in value the way prices
have advanced during the pu*. year; buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapMly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
2t> Montgomery »t.. r. 8. Phone Slain 57TV4.
$0000— House cf J> r. and h.; 23d st.. nr. York;
$3tt) would make it into fine flat*.
$2S00— 2 Cils k>1 5 r. and b. on Twenty -seventn.
$-*.v> — New 6-r. cottage. Whitney st. ; terms.
D. COFFIN. 2328 Mission, near 21st st.
A $2O0O HOME built to suit you. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$2100— MODERN ccttage fcr sale. 830 Alvars-
do st.. between Hoffman ave. and Douglass.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. S3A Howard s«.
BOOMS FOB. HOUSEKEE?I5O.
EDDY. 743— Fine housekeeping suite; gas
range.' yard, phone.
ELGIN PARK. 54— Unfurnished double par-
lors; regular kitchen; sunny; modern; adults.
GEART. 402— Furnished room's for housekeep-
ing: also s!re>.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311— Unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; also single and suites.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 323— Susny alcove. $13;
3 large rooms. $20; single room. $11.
HOWARD, 1971 — 2 or 3 large rooms; furnished
or unfurnished; modern conveniences; prtvata
family: cheap to right parties.
JACKSON, 910— Three complete, suasy. out-
side rocms for bouMjceesiBg.
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front room: gaa
ranxe. water: $3 5O week: other rooms, cheap.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunn* single room, furalshed:
light housekeeping; gas; $1 75 week.
KENIL WORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Taree-
rocm sunny apartments; steam heat; cea loe.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Ptne—
Sunny furnished 3- room suites: steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths: rates re.,*.
MARKET. 1122^ — A suite of rooms for $1«.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ne*s— Sunny
furn. 2 and 3 rocm Van Ness suites: bath.
MCALLISTER. aiO— Large alcove and hous--
keepin« rooms; nieely furnished and sunny.
MINNA. 2S1, corner Fourth— Furnished sunny
housekeeping: also front and s'.r.g>; cheap.
MINNA. 434A (rear) — 2 cheap furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; gas range: hot bath; adults. \
POST. 14IC — Two nicely furnished, sunny
housekeeping rooms; $13; no children.
SACRAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor; 3 elegantly
furnished runny rooms; piano; phone; apprer
elated if «een.
SCOTT. 300. NE. cor. Page— Newly furnished.
TURK. 1719— Furnljhe.1 for housekeeping. 2
large corner bay-window, parlor, kitchen
connecting; gas range, bath: appreciated If
seen; Eddy car to Scctt; $28.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3174—2 cr 3 rooms for
housekeeping, with gas range.
VAN NESS ave.. 232^ — Furnished 2-roora suite;
1 single; housekeeping: $13. $16. $12: adults.
VAN NESS. 30C— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions' received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call far the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lm* Market st. opposite Fifth.
Or»n until 11 p. m. *
„ AfABTMIHT HOUSES.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson— Marine view; 3-4-S
rooms; furn. or unfur. ; refs. Tel. East 1330.
* BOOMS TO IJST — yarn, mad TJninrn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth at.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market at. (cr So. I
Fifth st> — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market asd 21 Turk — Electrio
lights; running water in every room; ito
rooms; 25c to 30c per night: $1 23 to $3 week.
CHURCH. 13SA. near Market — Sunny front
room; $6.
EIGHTH ave.. 574-573. near Golden Gat*
Park — Two sunny bay-window rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th asd Mission — Rooms 33a
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $3 wk.: reading-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single rooms. $2 to $3 weak.
HAYES, 787 — Front asd back parlor and two
single* rooms asd use of kitchen; gas, ba:a
and phone; call bet. 12 and 2 o'clock.
HOWARD. 713 — Large sunsy rooms at low
rates: 23c to $1 day and $1 23 to $3 week.
HYDE. 309 — Nicely furnished, large room;
closet, bath, phone; fine location.
JONES. 923. near Bush — Sunny front alcov*
room, coxy corner. $.*"0.
KEARNY S23 — Two nicely furnished suites.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny front room suitable for
gentleman; (5 per month.
LARKIN, 1042— Two cr three tunny, onfur-
nished rooms; running water.
LEAVENWORTH. 1321 — Two or three rooms,
furnished or unfurnished, for honsekpc. : $10.
MARKET. 1043 (The Falxnoath>— 8unny
rooms: hct. cold water, elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third «t-— 409
single and family rooms 33c to $1 30 per day.
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and roomlng-hous* in San Francisco
that has offlce en ground floor, hot and col<x
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and els>
vator service day and night to its guests.
MISSION. 2768— One nicely furnished room.
NINETEENTH. 3527— Front room: furnished;
gentleman: two rooms, light housekeeping,
rent reasonable. In warm belt.
OAK. 124 — Elegant front room, lower floor:
' private house: $10 month.
OAK. 407— $3 month: newly furnished: bata;
large room and quiet; single gentleman.
OCTAVIA. 1137. EIls-su ear— Housekeepls c
suites.
OTARRELL. 571— JJewry furnished rooms at
a reasonable rate by the month.
OFARRELL. 1^20. near Buctaaan— Larys
furnished room; bot and cold water; hath;
phone: $10; ons small furnished room $0;
private. ¦ *
PAGE. 1630— Parlor suite, lavatory. *a»
grate, kitchen; atngl« rooxas. fumlabed and
unfurnished. ¦
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent Uxhtt:
rradlng-rocm. smcklrig-room and ladle*' par-
lor: rooms p«r night. 33c to $1 50;
to $S; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
STOCKTON, 41 and 43 — Nicely furnished sun-
ny front rooms: alao single. $1 5O to $tt week.*
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELU3 AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IX THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSM. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SER-
VICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TAYLOR. 410— For two neat men room, wita
or without board.
THE Larchmont. 3«1 Satter— New brick bid*-.,
finery furnished; hct. cold water, steam heat.
privilege to baths; $2 50 to $5 per waek.
UNTIED STATES. 12» Eddy, near Market — 40©
Vocras S5c to $1 nisbt. SI 75 to *6 week; cl«e-
tric lights (no ras). running water In every
room; elevator. r?ad.-rocm; free bus; barrage.
1 WINCHESTER Hotel 44 3d st.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
33- to $1 30 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
ei^e. lights: reading-room: fr*» bus; baggage.
WOLF" House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Cboic*
- furm>he« rooms from tSc per night op.
A BRANCH cfSce of The Can for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been cpeeed at 100% Market at., rpposits
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
Continued ,011 Pace Fburtem.
FINANCIAL.
Fi::t': :-:c«;;GAGE GOLD Iif.XL.-.
F?-c^red by the bert cf income bus:ne?s pror*-
erty under long suaranteed lease; quarterly
Send for Prospectus.
DEJLLTX HONDS AND FINANCE CO (INC.)
' V.T: Ureadway. Cor. Hth St..
Oakland.
: nrRalTTraE ros sale.
; H. METER & CO. lay hishest price fcr fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 M;ss*on:tt:l.Bush 813.
; FOR *t!e — Bantaln; 5 rooms, furnished ; easy
tfurr.g. S»-» parties at 647 Commercial St.
$75 WORTH cf furniture for $7 50 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post it.
FTJKNITT/EE WANTED.
ABE LEVY.
i Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
Tiityre. etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 r*r cer.t more fer furniture than
dealers cr will sell on commission. L- H.
BUrtU. a'je. l«w{6 Market: phone Jescle 2336.
HELP -WANTED — frrsyr aj.s>
COOK fcr orrhanage $40
Cock, no washing $35
Cook, small restaurant, country $40
Cook, country hotel : $40
Cock and seccad girl, same house. $30-$25
j Kitcren helper. Men'.o Park, private place. $28
Parlor maid and waitress, city $30
Nurss for home $20
3 nurse girls, city and country $15-$20-$25
French governess and seamstress ..$30
Housework, no washing; sleep home $20
Seccr.d girl, Ross Valley $25
Hcustwork en ranch $25
Cook fcr students. Pah) Aito $30
Housework, no washing. Redwood City.. $30
Kitchen helper. Institution $25
And 44 girls fcr housework, city and coun-
try $20-$25-$30
High school graduate for efflce assistant.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 834 Sntter rt.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER fO..
64-« CHRONICLE BLDG. JAMES 2521.
Cloak and suit saleslady. $20 week.
Al hat trimmer, $18 »«k.
Youcg lady for photr^raph gallery. $12 wk.
Cashier for restaurant. $30 mo. and board.
Bookkeeper and stenographer. $45 month.
Al skirt binder, $15 week. ,
5 Gertr.an girls for laundry. $s week up.
2 salesladies for glove house, $S week up.
2 girls for catady store. $S week up.
Experienced wrapper and packer. $9 wk. up.
A GOVERNESS for 1 child; best of testi-
monials required: 'best of wages given. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Powell st.. near Powell.
A COMPETENT nurse for 1 child; $30: best
of references from private families required.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. near Powell.
A LADY'E maid, with references from a pri-
vate family; $30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425
Sutter «... near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
msnlcurtng. etc; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary ;t., room IS.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton ft., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdresiicg.
manicuring, electric massage, etc ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RJE^ifE NECESSART: GOOD PAT;
ETXADT WORK. LEVI STRAUSS «t CO..
£2% FRESCOirr ST. APPLY TO MB.
PAVIS. ~^^_
LADIES to assist making holiday line of dee-
orated fancy work; require some taste, but
no experience or talent; piece work, to be
taken home, about 10c per hour. Call S06
Ellis St.. from 9 to B.
WANTED — Men and women operators who are
experienced en the Wilson & Gibbs and Sin-
ger automatic machines. GOLDMAX HAT
AXD CAP CO.. 21 and 23 Battery st.
¦WANTED — Experienced jacket alteration hands.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. to. at HALE
BROS.'
GIRL wanted to run errands and make herself
useful In store. S. KRAMER, Ladies' Tailor.
218 Powell at.
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted for va-
rious departments. Apply . superintendent's
office. The Emporium. •
SALESLADY for book department; must be
thoroughly experienced. Apply superintend-
ent's office. The Emporium.
WANTED— A refined young lady as 'compan-
ion to a lady; assist with light housework;
references required. 413 Montgomery st.
GOOD strong helper for kitchen work; $5 per
week and board; delicacy store. Box 2142,
Call office.
WANTED — Young nursegirl to care for baby;
one who can go home nights preferred. Flat
32, "Bon Air," corner Oak and Stanyan sts.
A RELIABLE girl cooking and general
housework; $25; references. 511 Cole st.,
near Hals-fat.
WANTED — A girl or young woman, German
preferred, for housework. 41S Brannan St.,
near Third.
GIRLS with some experience to pack pickles;
good wares. Apply Fl*her Packing Co..
North Point and Stockton sts.
FIRST-CLASS eleeve girls. J. BAER, 1200
Geary st.
WANTED — Bright errand girl for dressmak-
ing establishment. J. BAER. -1200 Geary st.
WANTED — Ccmporltors for straight matter.
Apply SANBORN. VAIL * CO.. 741 Market.
WANTED— First-class Jacket hands. E. MES-
SAGER. 145 Post et.
GIRL for housework; wages $15; Eddy-st. car;
carfare. 6S Fifth ave.
WASTED — Younr Cirl to take care of chll-
dren: wares $15 to $20. Call at 1307 Gough.
RELIABLE girl to care* for child 5 years oldT
2341 Mission st.
NtTRSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
OPERATORS wanted on waists and under-
wear: steady work and good pay: also home-
workers -->n flannelette wear. MAItKS BROS.,
1220 Market st
EXPERIENCED furlng machine operators on
overalls, coat* und jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUPS * CO.. 32% Tremont at.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter, '
who understands legal work: gentleman's
private bus. Ad. A. CaU office. San Jose.Cal.
WANTED — A first-class fitter for suit*, coats
and skirts; references required. Address O.
E.. box 2267, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED bag operators wanted. Ill
Clay st.
WANTED — 2 cood finishers on coats, 2 on ¦
pants, 2 ca vesta. J. SMITH, 773 Market st- ,
WANTED— A millinery apprentice. Room 29,
Redondo. 637 Poet st.
AN errand cirl wanted." 1111 Van Ne«s ave.
A FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer. Apply MRS?
HANLEY. 1111 Van Xess.
FIRST-CLaES waist, skirt shd coat bands
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 Geary at.
SELV WANTED— HALE.
* ¦ AT HOKD & SMITH-ST ~~ ~*
Contractors' Agent*. ... 05 Third St.
3 carpenters. Mendoclno County. $3 30.
Dry cleaner, city. $12 to *15.
German, for bowline alley, city. $30 and
board.
Lumber pliers. Sierra Co., $2 73 to $3.
Man and wife, country residence. $40 fcund.
Laborers. Naps, County, $2. steam railroad,
pood camp, rood water.
Laborers. Arr.ador Co.. $2. fare $2 35.
Teamsters. Aroador Co.. $2. fare $2 35.-
Eborraaker, ie;.»air work. *2 50t near city.
A BUTLER for a bead . place < In city; second
man hept and bcit vt wages given; s must
have reference*. Call; at MISS PLUN-
KETTE. 425 gutter et.. near Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Porter, *25; laundryman. • S7j and fount;
clerk.* 1 15 ; barber, $4O .' and '- found ; . waiter,
help's hall aad .wash silver. .$25.,--
HEI.P WANTED— MAI,-- Continued.
A— MURRAY * READY, eil and CJ6 Cay st.
Phone Main 5S4^.
I-eadlng Employment and Labor Agents.
W- sbeak the German. French. Italian.
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
13CT We Gave 1C04 We Hore to
CO.COO Men Work. Increase 60.000.
CARPENTERS. CABINET MAKERS.
" ship carpenters. $4 day.
25 carpenters, Nevada State. $3 50 day.
4 carpenters, fare 10c. $:! day.
Carpenter for a ranch. $W fcund.
WHEELWRIGHT. NEVADA. $3 DAY.
:t shincler?. 50c fare. $1 per M.
C woc4 workers; ."» bench hands.
14 cabinet makers, factory work.
Matcher and sticker hand. $3 50 day.
Carder, cotton machine. $2 25 day.
2 cut-cfT sawyers, country. $75.
Handy man. carpenter tools, mine. S3 da}'.
2 carrenters. Sonoma Co., 50c fare, $3 day.
TablemakerF. ;< brushmakers. band sawyers.
2 painters, fare 15c. $2 to $3 day.
Painter, stage hand. $2 50 day.
Cat-Off sawyer, city. $2 day.
Matcher, sticker hand, $.1 to $4 day.
Painter, city, riain job. $2 60 day.
Gan; trimmerman. fare $2 60. $50 found. <
LOOK.
Blacksmith, Government job, Nevada, $3 50
day.
3 PAINTERS. $2 50 TO $3 DAY.
3 painters, city house work. (3 day.
Sign painter, wagon, etc.. fare $1, $32 50 fd.
6 PLUMBERS, $4 50 DAY.
Your fare oaid, non-union men.
12 PLASTERERS, «4 5O DAT.
C IRON MOLDERS.
Well digger. $40 fd.: lever an. dredger. $75.
MISCELLANEOUS POSITIONS. '
Fanner nnd wife, fare $3. $45 fd.
Apple packers and pickers. $32 50 fd.
Laborer city rickle factory, $10 week.
STENOGRAPHER. $45.
Hardener, private residence, boss here, $30 fd.
I 3 boys for city stores. $4 week.
Helper, city wholesale houee. $40.
DRAPERY SALESMAN.
STABLEMEN.
16 stablemen, city and country. •"&, $V>, $40,
1 $30 and found.
I HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
1 BAKERS.
I Cake baker, city. $17 week.
I Bread baker, city, *17 week.
Confectioner, city, $20 week.
2 takers. $45: helper, city bakery. $30 fd.
TOM MARTIN. BUTCHER, WANTED.
Good oyster man, 15c fare, $45.
Shpep butchers. Sau!»age makers.
Rlaurhter-house butcher, fare paid, $30 fd.
Knife men. shcr> men. etc.
Slaughter-house butcher, $30 fd.. fare $1.
Slaughter-house butcher, 50c fare. $50 fd.
Shop butcher. 50c fare. $50 found.
COOKS.
9 cooks, different jobs. $60. $50. $40, $30 fd.
Cook, hotel. $60; cook, ranch, $30 found.
6 waiters, porters, bedmakers. $20 to $35 fd.
Slavonian steward. *50 and found.
Orderly, institution. $15 and found.
2 waiters, mine, $25 fd.: dishwasher. $20 fd.
Greek porter, country saloon. $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 day <t-
JERKLINE teamster. $2 23. $2 50 day.
NEW JOBS.
25 trackmen. $67 5O to $75.
12 laborers. lumber company. $60.
BOY S— BO YS— BO YS.
25 boys for box factory. $30 and found.
GANG CHARCOAL BURNERS. 18c rack.
65 WOODCHOPPERS.
FARM HANDS.
25 farm hands. $30, $28 and found.
15 choremen and boys, ranches. S15 to $30 ra.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
2 MEN. address envelopes, our offlce.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
64-«J5 CHRONICLE Bldg. JAMES 2621.
Stenographer, young man $50 start
Cloak and suit salesman $1S
A first-class accountant $125
Buyer, dep't store, all dep'ts :.$175
Silk salesman $75
Experienced stationery salesman, $12 50 wk
Collector, to become salesman $50 start
Traveling man, experienced. $25 wkly & expn
Gent. Integrity, travel winter. $25 and com.
Porter for large store, experienced, $40 mo.
Handy man. bakery $10 wk rm.
Gunsmith, country, Al $100 mo.
; Young man. small bakery $10 wk.
Bookkeeper for local offlce $75 mo.
2 men for winery, country M 50 day
Gardiner, country $50 found
Timekeeper, experienced. Freeno Co... .$50 fd
Boys for stores $5 to $6 week
t Open evenings until 8:30 p. m.
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
• 612 Merchant St. , Phone James 5376.
1 good carpenter, $3 '50. 8 hours, long job,
country-
Boy learn plumbing trade, good chance. $30
to start.
2 stablemen, $00.
1 man. clean harness, $63.
10 laborers in city.
30 laborers, lumber mills and yards.
"2 RANCH teamsters. $35 and fare refunded:
dairy foreman; man about place, $30 and
found; screw turner for mill, $50 and found;
hotel cook, country, $50 ana found; kitchen
man and wife cook. $60 and found, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT &. CO., 628 Sacramento.
MEN— The original JNO. A. MOLER will open
one of his famous barber colleges at 644 Clay
street soon. -First ten students will be taken
at half price; tuition earned while learning;
positions guaranteed; do not be deceived by
imitators under similar name; call or write
for terms. Address correct number, JNO. A.
MOLERS BARBER COLLEGE. 6*4 Clay
street. San Francisco. Cal.
STRONG young man to handle freight In large
store; salary, $40 per month. Address, stat-
ing age. experience, references, etc., box
2433, Call offlce.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 823 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper for whole-
sale house; Ft ate experience and references.
Box 2434. this offlce.
CASH boys; age 10 to 16; must show letters
• from teachers. Call at 4 p. m., SHREVE &
CO.. Crocker building.
YOUNG min with experience for fancy goods
store: one from the country preferred Box
2440. Call.
WANTED — Barber; Saturday and Sunday; $6.
2431 Mason St.. near Bay.
GOOD barber wanted. 623 Clay st.
BARBER wants work evenings. Saturday and
Sunday. Address box 2252, Call offlce. ,
WANTED — Compositors for straight matter.
Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO., 741 Market.
EXPERIENCED rtlk salesman wanted. Apply
Superintendent's office. The Emporium.
CARPENTER wanted. 836 Howard st. A. O
SWASON.
WANTED — Good block butcher. Apply 331S
Mlsfion st.
BOOTBLACK wanted, steady. In barber shop.
1006 Mission st.
TOUNG man with $25 to sell goods and col-
lect. 2679 Mission st.
WANTED— Painter's apprentice; some experi-
%nce preferred. 210 Leavenworth st.
A STEADY all-round kitchen man; call early.
805 Mlwlon at.
BARBERS — Three-chair chop at sacrifice;
don't miss It. ¦ 1090 Valencia ft.
LIFE positions at good salaries in Government
service and bow to secure them. For full
particulars apply Pacific Correspondence In-
stitute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market st.. S. F.
YOUNG or middle-aged man of good habits
having $25 cash can learn paying .trade;
steady work; good wages while learning.
Call 212 First st- ¦ -^
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ic*, skilled and unskilled U&orers, are Invited
to register with us free o" charge. H0RD
* SMITH, 95 Third at.. S. F.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns and write short articles for publica-
tion; $80 per month and expenses; references
required. . Box 2369, Call offlce.
ALL classes of machinists furnished on short
notice by Machinists' Union. 1159 Mission
st. Phone Mint 2406; office hours 8 a. m.
to 3 p. m. ¦ . . - . . . •
WANTED — 100 men and women to team bar-
ber trade; new method; • wages .. paid whlls
learning: special inducement this month.
Halght Branch No. 1. 647 Commercial st.
WANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin." Reno House proprietor, fc^s
added 100 new rooms to the j Denver : House,
217 Third st.; 230 rooms; 25c to 30c per night.
WANTED — A boy from 14 to 18 years for our
retail store. Apply, with references, EAGI»E-
fO.V &. CO.. 535 Market st.. top floor.
"GET your shoe* half-eoled while waiting; 23c
to 60c 563 MlsElon St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building. •<
WANTED by wholesale house, bright boy for
<unp!e room; state * age - and - references In
own handwriting.. Box 1785. Call offlce.
WANTED — 5 coaunakers. 2 operators on coats
and pantsmakers. J. SMITH. 773, Market st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale in a good
location. Inquire at 229 Fourth' et.';
S. F. BARBER College will take next 0 scholars
- free.' - CaU for particulars at 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
. - tie world »* . HERUAN* S. ; 2<J Steuart ; St. v .
HEEF WANTED — M * ''-f— <Vm-:lnn»fV
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employm't Office,
429 Bush St - 042 Clay St.
A SPECIAlA-Ship To-Xight— A SPECIAL
50 men for station work -.Call early.
15c yard for earth and up.
Can make as high as $3 75 day.
Good shoveling.... Longr Job.... Good camp.
Good Water.
' In fact best station work going.
Fare only $1 • Fare only $1.
M* Italians for station work ?2 day
Napa County Fare only $1.
Call early Ship to-night.
C R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employm't Office,
429 Bush St 042 Clay St.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required;* constant practice and expert in-
struction; positions secured; special induce-
ment* this month; catalogue mailed fret*
Moter Sygtern College. CS5 Clay gt.
TRY uur men's shoes,. union mad*; $1 and $1 50
pair- foot-form shoes. $2 50;: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. ;open till 9 p.m.
GOOD barber wanted at 7C5 Fourth St., San
Rafael.
BARBERS — Three-chair shop; low rent. 799
Geary Bt. -
MEN -ranted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
palred by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.,73cT
MAN to learn the barber trade; wages while
learning. Call at 751 Mission st.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy..r.413.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 317 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E. A.BuUis.r.40,Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A, R.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
CaU branch offlce. cor Duncan & Church sta.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rocms: 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL &!zec men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
A STANDARD bred horse for sale: 17 hands
high; 8 years old: will weigh 1350 lbs.; or
will exchange for a good draft horse: also
a fin* pony for sale; single-footer; will ride
or drive, saddle and bridle. 1521 Railroad
ave., Alameda.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Cost*
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR sale — Buggy. $40. 1318 Grove st.
WANTED — A business buggy, rubber tired.
Box 1-63. Call office.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 16S0 Mission St.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, wcrk and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
. gptrsESjro I.ET. njwijwj^
A — PRINTED li«t of houses to let: send for dr-
- cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET- TOBWTS-C-D.
HOWARD. 2130. near Eighteenth — 8 rooms,
well furnished; rent $50. 1 to 4 p. m.
HOTJSES FPB1TIS-D_P— POB SA1-B.^
$6500 EACH — Best bargain ever offered; 3
residences of 9 rooms each; Just finished;
cor. Fell and Fillmore sta.; open for in-
gpecticn frcm 1 to 3. _^^^^
larVAUp CHAXB3. _^ _ n
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eames tricycle chair. 201S Mkt. ;tel.Park 77».
IrOST ANP rOTJNP.
LOST — October 5, Great Dane 'bitch: name
"Bluey" on collar; reward. 41U> Twenty-
first st.
LOST— 2 small boys. Ring up Phone Scott 4133,
or inquire at 403 Tenth ave., Richmond, be-
tween Point Lobes avenue and A Ml.- . •=
LOST — A black Newfoundland pup with tag
4086. Finder will please return to 1621 Do-
lores rt., between 6 and 7 p. m.; reward.
LOST — A bunch of keys, about 14, on a wire
ring, on Monday. Return to 766 Bush st.
and receive reward.
LOST — Male collie: answers to name Imp. Re-
turn to 1208 Sutter st. and receive reward.
LOST— Gold locket, with photograph. Return
to Sll Howard St.; reward.
LOST— Bull bitch; name Fanny; collar; license
No. 4064. Return to 229 Sixth St.; reward.
LOST — Young gray horse; thin; no shoes. Re-
turn to Belle Saloon, Colma; reward.
LOST — Blue Dane dor. with collar and li-
cense. Return to 3371 21st st. ; reward.
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your eld gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st. _.
EATJITCHES fOB HTBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and bu^nees; tel. Bush 034.
J. MIchaells Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st. :tel John 26S6.
ABTP PILLOWB.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
MEDIC AT-, .
LADIES desiring safe. . sure and quick- relief
from Irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market st.» rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here .who can say this. .Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. offlce 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S26 Poet st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant' re-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market st.,,opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, will return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.'
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are elck or
In trouble consult this epecialiet on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu.
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
PRAE — Dr. Robertson's remedy; a protection
against Irregrularltles; absolute safety guar-
anteed; $1 box. The Robertson Co... -615
Grant bid*.. Market and 7th sts., S. F,, Cal.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 5I1A Leavenworth st.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. . .-¦ .
LADIES — Kumround: safe sure., never falls" ¦
$2. Gleaaon-Rngglea Drug Co.. Kearny &. Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2395 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
.mutes aitd maroo.
INCORPORATE your mining or business in-
terests; it's more ' businesslike; -. many ad-
vantages; ask me what It costs; directorate
. secured: stock sold; new ideas. A. F. HA-
RASZTHY. 522 Crowley bldg.. S. F.
THE BOSTON . PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
OPMENT CO.. room 13. 330 Pine »_. will in-
corporate and i finance propositions of merit;
. buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
aascEi--AHEOPs—^tob sa__e.
3D- HAND machinery/ engines, boilers, pomps,
pulleys, .shafting., etc., etc. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 - BeaU St.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLP-AN. 195-197 Fremont at.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ~ ¦< . v . .
Repair it with claterlte. In rolls easy. to lay;
needs no painting- or. coating; good over old
. lrca, tin * or '-' shingles: ; . best for new ' roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
AN •" elegant ¦- assortment ' of , diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale, on small weekly pay-
m«in: roods » delivered r on first payment
UNITED TRUST^ CO.;, 21 Stockton : st. - \ ...
A — BUYS, a sell* -or ' rents 1 gear machinery ,Vea-
ginea; boilers. 1 water pipe. 1 shafting, pulleys,
V ¦ etc^» WHITELAW;; 233-253 ' Spear st. ¦>.-..
A— THE .*« <P. h J." Co.) California v virgin - gold
'.;- wedding- ¦ rings : for sale . by •• the ¦ PORTLAND :
¦ JEWELRY ! CO.; 25 Stockton st.
OFFICES A3iD STORES TO JJTT.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian-American Back
bldg.. SE cor. Montgy. fc Sacto: light and
sunny. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Mcntgy.
TO let — Small offlce. $10; also desk room for
$S. 3« Geary st.
FOR rent— Section of large loft; HRht and atry
L. MINK. ICQ New Montgomery St.. 7th floor
•T.EXRADIO'S" (10 seconds) treatment at
Thursday's "public" healing made me (in-
ftant!y; run without crutch, raise "para-
lyzed" arm. leg natural height, "leap" from
floor— all before impcJsible. Interview me.
. (Similar case Wednesday.) Public healing
daily. S p. m. Office hours. 2 to 7. 7S3&
Market st.
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with on»-
balf of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittings. etc ;
Restore lost contour.
If ycu desire a fresh, young face, call cr
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell »t-
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by all Arusx^is for
over 2O years; price 5Oc. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruS
and ltrhing scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 133^ PaiV
BEST on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, ague.
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO.. 330 Grant ave.
ANY one knowing the whereabouts of GUST A V
THEBES kindly inform COTTON BROS..
Oakland Cal. Information to his Interest.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst ball head. Call or writs.
DR. O. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st. ,.'«'
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
j YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 5O
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post at., near Powell.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary — Bust devel., electrolysis, magnet, mas.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 73. Fred Wagner. 830 Market.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN, 13S Montgomery st.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, 368 Satter. Miss Eaton. 233 Qeary.r.SS.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic in the world at 1S10 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pints $3 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERAGE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1 at all druggists'.
BLACKMAN studied palmistry five years In
ho*piials, morgues, prisons, among all classes,
before practicing professionally. 537 O'Far-
rell St.. 10 to 5.
PHTS3CIAK3 AHP STTBOEQgS.
DR. C C O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021 H Market et.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb .doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenwcrth.
WON"6 WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chine«e herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PATE JTTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 533 Market st.
FTJKCHASXHG AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence sollcit-
ed. 3563 17th St.. San Francisco. TeLCapp 858.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 43 minutes from 3th and Market
et*. : outside the foe belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'i bay shore "cutoff"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; 50-foot lots from J+OOup;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 dowa
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes la
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to secure a lot In this desirable rection on
easy terms; take the electric cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent oa appli-
cation.
EELBT. RODGERS &. CO..
TeL Main 673. 118 California it.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAIi ESTATE-^OTJarr»T — Tor 8»i#.
CATTLE ranch, 1730 acres. Sonoma, County,
lying west of Skaggs Springs: Gualala River
runs through ranch; fine feed, scattering
timber and tan bark plentiful; numerous
springs: S acres in fruit; 40 In grain; house,
barn, corrals, chicken bouses, etc.; grand
trout stream and deer plentiful; 3000 acres
fenced: price of the 1750 acres deeded land.
$12,000. D. M. HANLON. 169 Crocker bldg.
$4000 ONLY for a 1000- acre stock ranch in
Sonoma County; house, barn and plenty
of water: fine for hog raising. P c.
LASSEN & CO.. 468 Tenth st. Oak-
land. Cal. *
WANTED— Party with $5000 for colonization
plan; exceptional proposition to make a for-
tune for a live business man; we have only
. 2 weeks' option on the land. S. T. Credit
Co.. 10 Turk st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains in California. C M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st.
CiilCKEJT ' RANCHES.
IDEAL CHICKE3* RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slope: sis*
to suit: easy terms; plenty water: fine fruit;
call for details; go and see Sunday. Owner.
713 Mills bldg.
TABM FOB KENT OB FOB SAIS.
TO rent — The Rowland farm. 430 acres good
land, well watered and fenced: also 40 head
of cows; will sell or rent: everythins re-
quired to run a dairy farm. App!y in person
to R. E. ROWLAND, Orinda. Park, baelc of
Berkeley. —
FARMS ASS BASTCHES TO LEASE.
FOR rent — Three-acre orchard, with 14-roo:a
house; furnished. Apply to FRANK A MC-
CARTHY. San Leandro.
—^— —^ »— — .—^
BERKELEY ADYEKT'S^TS
' — __
BSBESLEY BOOM3 ATO BOABD.
WANTED — Business gentlemen as roomers;
board If desired; quiet; homelike: half block
"from Berkeley station. 2137 Addlson st..
Berkeley. '
FEUITVALE ADVERT ? S ? TS
PBUITVAU KSAL ESTATE. .
FOR SALE — $7750; It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month; 2 cottages on lot. 40x130. Apply
to 8. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third 1 ave.
East Oakland.
OAKLAXD ADVERT'S'M'TS
, OFFICE, 1O1B BROADWAY.
QAKJANP BEAX. ESTATE.
t ¦ -
$3000— A FINE home of 7 rooms bath; lot
5Oxir7:-all street work done; few blocks
from. Key route; will take lots as first
payment: balance on easy terms. P. C
LASSEN & CO.. 4C6 10th st.. Oakland.
T Cal. ¦*¦-,...
j O j ABXA3^ ; rPBBTT^PBjBjrOB SA^I!-
.TO-MORROW- the day 'for. bargains in furni-
ture. ; H. Scbelhaas. 11th st~" cacstore.Oaklaad. • ¦
g!gPI.OYMZirT WANTED — Male— Coa.
WANTED— By a reliable rr.arrifd rnan a po-
cition aa working :cr*ir.«n en a etock. gr&in
w frolt ranch: wife m-111 cook for a few men:
understand stock *r.A ranch wcrk Ja all tts
bescche*; thoroughly capable of taking f-"-
charge. Address bcx 231S. Cal !:'fice.
EirGrNEER — A practical stationary engineer
cf 15 years' experience, any style of er.gme.
would take Job st anything, engine-room cr
bcll»r-rocm ; all around man: satisfaction
guaranteed. r>» C246. Call office.
V." ANTED— -Situation as right watchman. Jan- !
'.'.or. porttr. collector er work In private |
place; Al referer.ee*. Box 2251. Call office.
TAILORS, stterticn— A cutter cf exceptional
••xpenen/se ar.d ability seeks *n«-agemer.;.
Hex 2£3l. Call cfCc*.
VOUNn Arr«*r.c»n. etronjr. healthy and willing
to work, desires position, city or country.
Box 2242 Ci.ll office^
OCCXIST ben E»*t of ccr.sitferabie expert- ;
err* Zrr-.ret position with crticitn. DR. i
PHrLLII'5 2 r 4 Orrgr-ian b'dg., Pon.land.Or. j
FTRPT-d-AS." 1 . all arcund tnachtclst desires
*itustir-i cr. nry kind cf : -accinery. Box
22<T. C-l! bSSce.
HOTEL c>rk— Situation wanted In city or
courtrr ty an experienced irta; will furnish
best d r*fert=res Address box 2330. Call.
GERMAN butcher wishes situation in meat
market. perk or delicatessen stora. C.
EBSEHARU 267 Saa Jose ave.
AN intelligent Japanese wi^es a poeitloa to
wait on tai!e ir. morning and evening. Ad-
<resc IT27 Grten st.
CHAUFFEUR, reliable aad steady, wants pesl-
Uoc driving private automobile; also to care !
*rr «aro». Bcx 239S. Call office.
MAN and wife wish work, man as coachman
or rartferer; wife good cook or do hou»*- ,
wcrk: both wait en table. Box 22S1. CaU.
A RELIABLE young man of 24 desires a good
renr.anert situation: can furnish best of
•-eterences. Box 2233. Call.
EXPERIENCED iroirta*- picture and stereop-
nccs cr*ratcr: expert electrician; best of city
references. Bcx 220S. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS baker en cake and bread de-
sires a situation in country; state waxes.
Box 2275. Call ctfic*. |
VOUNG man desires torttiem la a=y kind of
f-tcre witu *—.jL1 waces for while till learn
the business. Address 815 Fourth st.
A RELIABLE cur. wants posttloa as night
watchrcaa; references. Address L B-. 738
Foisosn it.
SITUATION wanted by a good milker! Ad^
dreg F. B.. 1309 Stocktcn St.
PARBER watts work evenings. Saturday asd
Sunday. Andrew box 2252. Call offlc*
STATIONARY engineer waats employment!
good rtferenegg. Bcx 2S6S. Call offlce.
.¦KINESE. exoeHeot cook, very nice references,
wishes a eitu&ticn In family; city or country:
«"s^es $35. Address 734A Jackson St.. room
21. pfacse China 14S. between S and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Position by a first-class Chinese
cock: family cr boarding- house. E. L.. 1113
Clay «.: tel. Black 3656.
CHINESE, firrt-class cock, desires position in
fami:y. 1112 Stocktcn at.
A CHINESE, first-class cook, wishes position
if cock. THOMKEY. 27 Waverty place.
JAPANESE boy wants a position in a board-
ir.K cr lodging house to do the chamberwork
cr sorce other kind of work; works at cheap
*a»re*. Address box 1424. Call office, Oak-
land.
A JAPANESE wast* a position as cook in a
frrail family; city or country: washing: ref-
erence*: Pi u;> w^ek. N. K.. 317 Mascn St.:
ph-:ne Jaroes Z251.
A JAPANESE boy wants poeition to do cook-
*.r.t in family or family boarding-house;
war»s $30 to $35: must have references. Ad-
<ir«f?»= H. A.. 2«j Lewis place, off Taylor Bt.
A STRONG Japanese, honest boy. wants a po-
sition to da store work: speaks English:
«a«e» $7 5rt a we«-k ar.d up. Address JERRY
K. AIZAWA. F12 Bush st.
JAPANESE, young school boy. wants a situa-
tion tn do sry kind work: good family. F.
I.. 553 Ptevecsoo rt.
A JAPANE5E cook wants situation as cook
or fcouf»«crk in err.all family, city or coun-
try. F. K.. 41»B Lark'.n St.
A JAPANESE boy with rood experience «f
'•oekir.g desires position in family. GEORGE.
"¦«". Larkin st. ; phese Polk 2340.
A JAPANESE, honest boy. wants position as
K-hool boy. cr to do housework In good fam-
ily, in city or country. T. TOJO. 514 Pine.
A JAPANESE bey waists work as schoolboy or
by half day; speaks English, T. UYENO.
424 Geary rt.. city.
T AITHFUL Japanese boy wishes a position to
do housework or kitchen help In small fam-
ily ; small wsxes. T. ITOW. 514 Pine st.
A GOOD Japanese boy wants a place as school-
boy. IKEDA. Japanese Mission. 725 Geary.
JAPANESE rood boy wishes situation as a
schoolboy. O. YAGI. 1336 California st,
JAPAN'EEE boy wants a position at housework.
309 Clerceat st.
CLASSDTIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. S200 Flllniore.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
*-j inscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st.
n^a-TS TO XJST.
A— HOUSES and fiat* to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrcts Furniture Co.. 243-2S9 G*ary
st.. c& the square. «
CALL &z.i see the sew fiats at 400-402-404 Lo-
cust st,, near Sacramento; 6 asd 7 rooms
bath; rest reCaced. Apply MADISON 4
BURKE.
A — EIXTH s.ve.. 757 — Upper sunsy fiat; «
rooms: Golden Gate Park all night cars.
EPDCK & CO.. 209 Mcntrotnery.
VICXEET7P.G. near 24th — New, llgfct. gunny. 6
rooms and bath; rent $23; best fiat in Mis-
sion for the price.
JUET finished: prettiest flats in town: 6 and '
7 rooms; tinted. !!*ht. sunny; $35 & $37 50.
Duboee sVWa, (18th st.). oear Market st.
tZ2 SO — NEW Cat cf 7 r. & b.; large yard and
gardes for children; sun all day. NW. cor.
Fulton and Scott, epp Alamo square.
FURNISHED Sat of 6 rocms and bath: par-
ties leaving for the E**t. Apply flat C. 513
Larkiti »t .
6 ROCMS and bathroom; sunr.y bay-window
Cat; 1710 WathlErtoc, near Polk: rent very
reasesable.
A NICE corner Cat. 7 roens: 2042 Scott St..
cor. Sacramento; rent $30: water free.
LAP-KT". 1322. near California — Lower flat. 7
r .- -js esd bath : rent reasonable.
PCST. €21— Sunny 4-roora Cat; J2«. '
ELEGANT bay- window flat; € rooms, bath
730 Minna st., near Ninth.
CtXTKAL, modern flats; S rooms, bath. 1014
ar.ii 1C30 Sacramento st.. above Powell.
LARGEST list of hnuses and CaU to let. Call
cr. LTON *. HOAG. 116 Mestgoraery it.
n.ATS TO I.ET — rXTBjnaHEP.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of flv«
rootEs and bath: rent reasonable. -Apply
<«.::r between 1:30 aad * p. m.. 7» Sout*
ELLIS. 73C— « cr t nr.s., finely furnUhed ; va-
csted Oct. 1. Call bet. 1 & 4 p. p.. premises. (
2UV> SEVENTEENTH— Newly furnished flat.
3 room*, with piano; $35.
HANDSOMELY !ur. modern fiats, 4 5 and**
r. : fcoa : rent reas. : 2 to 5 p. m. 434 Bartlst t.
¦ FIATS JPOB SAI^E— y I UJtaiaKXP.
FOB sale— Ne*!y farnishel flat: 7 rocms
must 1-. s«!d; owner to leave city. Call
1 ta S p. in.. lllt>4 Hyde st.
1TS 7* SUTTEB— 7-room flat: C completely fur-
cishefl: ail new; will sell tor *300; rent «35. I
MODERN 9-rcotn nisay flat; rent $42 30- 1
water tree; farslthisr* at a bargain. 178
Ock St.: caU between 10 and X
CHARMING sunry corner nix-rcom flat- per-
manent roomers r-sy $1* over rent.' 4»|
Eddy rt. . \ <¦
FTm sale — >-jce!y furntrbed] sunsy. flat. 5
rocru* asd l*th; rent $1*. CM Fourth rt.
NEATLY furnt-hed Cat of 6 rooms for tale;
•vascnable; flat to let. 412 Fulton *t.
$275— FT»AT; ¦ seven rooms - and bath; four
rooms rented. 348 Hayes st.
COMPLETELY furnished Cat of • rooms -"¦*
k»th: all suanr. IHrtt st. «—•«.!
J«SCEJ«iA^rjEjmS— POB rat/* — finn.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
THY our men's shoes at SI and $1 50 pair:
foct-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
• charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. upstairs.
SAFES and desks, prices right, at Richardson
Bros.. 123-125 Xew Montgomery, nr. Mi*sion.
FOOT lathe, band saw. circular saw. 1721 '
Mission st.
Firewood cut to length*. $2 delivered. E. C.
Pitcher & Cc, €th & Hooper; tel. South 375.
FOR sale — Fancy trap; $100; hand plated;
double harness at a bargain. 1120 Pine st. . '
Wallpaj-er.' 3^ic: paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Steiner 3071.
2D-HAND bids, material: lumber, door. sash,
¦'plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FOR rale— Genuine water spaniel; young dogs.
CHAS. COLKMAN. 426 Natoma St., top floor.
FULL line cf drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; fcr sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elecant sealskin for sale for $75. SE- :
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $5 per
month. P. V. -QARDf. 13S Montgomery st.
SLOT machines, all kinds: lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
FINE diamond sunburst; 7 large stones; a
bargain: $350. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
• McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; teL South S1L
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021% Market «t.
SAFES and cash - registers, new and second-
hand. . I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
EOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second -hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. . J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at.
I MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room 405. Ad-
• ams bldg., 206 Kearny st. ; phone Black 303d.
HIGHEST price- for ladles', gents* castoff cloth-
ing.. etc. TeL Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
HIGHEST prices paid; gents' castoff clothlsg
and shoes. TeL Red 1544. 615 Washington st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing an^
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Jessie 2S5L
LOAN.
—Manhattan" loan "company "(inc.)—
..ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
: INTEREST 5H and 6 per cent
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Secqnd mortgages, life insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided interests In
property, probate realty loans, stocks and
bonds, legacies and undivided interests in
property purchaeed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5024.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-802-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses Dy dealing directly.
. Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
. etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
, -When You Need Money.
\i See HERMAN MURPHY.
i 1 ¦
WILL LOAN
: . *. A reasonable amount on
fit i-: 1st, 2d er 3d -
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
* Give full particulars
of property or chattels. •
Location, etc.
_; Box 490. Call office.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldgj
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
&4S Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tblman, 553 Parrott bldg.
YOUNO & CO.. room 537 Parrott bldg., loan
.money on furniture, pianos, etc, at about
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high r%tes and leases paid off.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
* gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St..
near Market. .
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 23 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
,2 per cent per month.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up. without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co., CO Columbian bldg.
PRIVATE — Mcney loaned en salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 526 Parrott bid.
- -^^—^
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent en furniture ior pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rlalto
bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
' F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
¦ diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W.'.J. HESTHAL'S. 10. Sixth st.
DON'T borrow mcney on salary until jrou see
us, Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
fl % ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; no removal;
, no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorscr. MORRELL, GOO Examiner building.
X'DsT~^in3r T RlGllT^BARGAlNS^ '• I
Chlckering. rosewood, perfect order; Chlck-
ering. mahogany, good as new; Weber, ma-
hogany, good as new, three pedals; Vose.
walnut case, a snap: Sterling, oak case.
used ten months: Willard. used one year,
fine condition, easy payments — fully guaran-
teed: -from 4165 ud. -
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up, rent or purchase; lowest >
terms, lowest trices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes in used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
land. 1232 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
. hous* and only manufacturers here.
WHEN you want to rent a piano, call up or
- call on Scott-Ccrtax Piano Co.. MO-62-S4
Hayes st.; tel. Fell 5761.
UPRIGHT planes, former prices $273 to $330.
now $117 to $16S. 769 Market st.. second '
floor. ,
CHOICE "¦ of Boston musical cr Cortols slids
', ' trombone at less than half price. - 709 Mar-
" ket st.. . second floor.
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister sL
WALNUT upright like new. worth $273. for
. $117 at 769 Market St.. second floor.
PIANO I players, former priea $250, now $113.
'¦ 769 Market St.. second floor.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be ]
sold; $135. .237 Geary at.
A FISCHER upright piano for »ale; a* good as ,
new; $133.- 237 Geary st.
5OHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano '
* .-player. BYRON MAUZY. 303-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold en" $5 monthly pay-
• ments. SCHMITa&.CO.. 19 McAllister st.
S- PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
" ; Shonlnger. little used.! Keeft». 2S5 OFarrelL
A BRANCH of flee of The Call for the recep-
¦ tlon of . advertisements and: subscriptions has
i been ¦" opened at ~ IOCS ¦ Market - St.. - opposite
;- ; Fifth.' .-, Open. until lip. m. .. .'
SYRUP-QUART CAN WITH WANT ADVERTI5EMENT5=rRI:l:. { There Is a : theory ; that '5 the I lisrht * of
the sun is; brought to use oh the facets
of. cosmic dust;, of, which there •may be
1,000.000 ' particles - to J. the \ cubic centi
metre.'V'Perhaps ,: It •-¦i8 .'entirely 'wronKr
Cosmic dust, >maybe,^: is 'our^veili of
safety ,'ibut f or;which |the sun .would ibe
so 1 hot i and ' brilliant •• as * to scorch * and
blind us.-rExchange.
Our Veil of . Safety^
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.'
30O Andes 301 30O Mexican 1 35
4G0 Andes 31| 400 Ophir 2 65
400 Belcher 36| ICO Overman 23
1D0 Best & Belch. 1 45 100 Potoal 18
100 Best & Belch. 1 40 400 Savage 1 37
100 Caledonia .... 63 300 Sierra Nev. ... 45
600 Chollar 22 200 Silver Hill..,. 54
1500 Con Cal & V.2 30 200 Silver Hill 53
10O Confidence ...1 15 100 Union Con 54
1000 Exchequer ... 62| 200 Union Con j 55
500 Gould & Cur. 2«| 500 Utah 14
300 Justice 10 400 Yellow Jacket. 26
200 Mexican 1 30
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 17 100 Potosi 17
400 Alpha . .. 18 10O Potosi 18
500 Andes 29 000 Savage 3«
900 Andes 28 500 Savage 35
1OO Chollar 21 600 Sierra Nev...T 4O
450 Con Cal A V.I 95 700 Sierra Nev. ... S9
1050 Con Cal & V.I 00 100 Silver Hill.... 53
• 1C0 Confidence ...1 10| 600 Union Con.... 48
500 Gould * Cur. 25| 700 Union Con 4!>
1000 Kentuck 0M 1400 Utah ....; 13
600 Mexican 1 25? 200 Yellow Jacket. 2rt
300 Ophlr .... . . .2 50| SCO Yellow Jacket. 25
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ' «
- 100 Cent Eureka. 1 451 100 MacNamara ..'.86
. 200 Diamondfleld ' 43J 150 Mont Ton ...185
[ 500 Goldfield B Bl O9| 15C0 Ton Midway.. 44
i 2000 Goldfleld Mhk 161 1000 Ton Midway.. 45
100 Goldfleld Mln 7011000 Ton Midway.. 48
500 Goldfield Ton. Ill 2000 Ton N Star... 15
Afternoon .Session.
1500 Diamondfleld • 45! 1000 Tori Exten ..1 60
100 Goldfleld Min 70(2500 Ton Midway.. 44
300 Jumbo 73H00O Ton Midway.. 48
100 Jumbo 70| 500 Ton N Star...' 14
200 MacNamara . 36| 100 Ton N Star... 15
3800 MacNamara . ' 35F
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. -
THURSDAY, Oct. 6—3 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | . Bid. Ask.
! Alpha 17 181Julla OS 10
Alta 00 07j Justice ....... W 11
Andes.. 27 £0i Kentuck '. 03 Cl
Belcher ..... S3 34JLady Wash .. 02--° 04
Best & Belch.l 20 1 25! Mexican 1 25 1 30
Bullion ...... '26 2SI Occidental .... 78 80
Caledonia .... 56 58[Ophlr 2 45 2 CO
Challenge ¦.". . 2.1 251 Overman ..... 21
Chollar ...... 21 22| Potosi ........ IS 10
Confidence ...1 05 1 151 Scorpion ...... OS , 09
Con Cal &• V.I- SO 1 90' Savage ....... 34 3«
Con Imperial. 02 03| Seg Belcher... M 12
Con NY .... O6 OS! Sierra Nev. ... 40 41
Crown Point... 15 17 Silver Hill.,.. 52 64
E. Sierra Nev 03 0H| St. I^ouls .... 08 —
Eureka Con.. ,— CO! Syndicate .... 03 05
Exchequer ..."' 57 fiOITTnion Con.... 48 49
Gould & Cur. 25 2C!Utah 12 13
Hale & Norc. 60 63! Yellow Jacket. 25* 27
. • TONOPAH MINES. \
. . Bld.Aek.I, : > Bid Ask
Adams <)9 - I2j Lucky Tom... — - 15
Black Ants .. 10 11 MacNamara.. 35. 36
Blue Bull 24 — Mlipah Exten. 07 _
Diamondfleld . 43 — Paymaster.... 03 ©4
¦Esperanza ..." 01 , 02 J Pine Grove .."10 :
Eula Con ... 04 —1 Ray Exten . . — os .
Gold Anchor.- 15 — Ray* O'Brien OS in
Golrtfield B Bl 00 : — Ray :¦ Tonopah . \ OS __
Goldfteld B&B 15 — Red Top ...... 15 17
Goldfleld Mln '— 70 Rescue .i 10 12
Goldfleld Mhk 15 16| Sandstorm.;.. 25 28
Ooldfleld S Pk — 18! Ton Belmont.: 60 : —
Go'dfield .Ton. , 11, ,— iTon A Cal ..*.'. 20
Gold 'Mt Con. 02! Ton : GoM Mt. *14 i^
' Han ; M • M&S. — - 101 Ton Midway. . 43 " 45
,Han<MutCo. 10 . — I Ton- of .Nev.-. 7 75 s 25"
Hazel Kirk..'. — ,.12iTon N.Star V..^.'— 15
>. T|m Butler.. • -'— - 60! Utopia -;;..'.;.¦ 10
Jumbo: :.:..; •«?« "OiWest End V. ;;* 15 17
Little Ton> .'. 25; —j " ¦"- •
NEW YORK, Oct. 6.— Pairings and
the time of starting: in the qualifying
round for the women's golf champion
ship, which begins on „ Monday at
Philadelphia, have been made by the
committee of the United I States : Golf
Association. The first pair to tee: up
¦will be Miss Page' Schwarzwalder "of
Dyker : Meadow, and Mrs. Elliott ' Rog
ers of the Brighton Country Club, Al
legheny," Pa., Who are scheduled to
start at 10 o'clock." in ! the ; mornrnff.
Miss Lottie Dod,» the. British cham-^
pioh, will have Miss Maud K. Wet
niore .as partner.; Miss Margaret Cur
tis of - the Essex Country,. Club has
Mrs. Herbert Mann of : San Francisco
as her partner, while. Miss "Johnny"
Carpenter : of is paired with
Lillian- Blddle of the Riverton ClubT
Golfers Ai*e Paired Off.
Josephine T. Charles to Andrew Charles, lot
on S line of Turk street, 27:0 E of Polk. E
69:U by S 85; $10. '
Kttatt- of Pauline Jacobs (by Susie Levy and
Bernard Jacob?, »xecutors) to Ferdinand Hei
duska lot on S line of Pine street, 137:6 W of
Lacuna. W 20 by 6 137:6; $0000.
Ella C. Lami>e to Fred B. Surryhne, lot on
N line of Pace street. 100 E of Fillmore. E 44
by N 1M; $10.-
Norman Parrish Estate to Mabel B. Gump
(wife of A. L.), lot on S line of Green street,
2M) W of Scott, W % by S 137 :ti; $5«X).
Mns. E. J. Root and Mrs. William Plun
kett. to same, eame, quitclaim deed; $ . "-*•
Mary A. and Eusrene N. Fritz to Flora L.
Morton, lot on W line of Ashbury street, eO2
S of Frederick. S SO by \V 10«:3; $10.
Mary A. P. Quick to Johanna C. Moeer, lot
on N line of Haight street, 111:6 E of Shrader,
E 25 by N 137:tJ; $10.
John J. and Clara F. Pratt to Mae B. Was
cerwltr, lot on K line of Laurel street,' 126:4*6
K of Clay. N 2C:4^ by E lOi; S1O.
Helen C. and Fred H. Carroll to Michael J.
Wetdncr. lot on X line of "liiot Bark. 3ao W
of Steiner. Wtt2 by N 70: .
Hugo and HeJene Hew % to C. K/ and
Christine M. Chrlstensen. * on W line of
Church street. 114 S of Nineteenth, S 50 by W
105; $10.
James H. and Ellen Cahill to Jeanne Jacob,
lot on SW corner Seventeenth and Sanchez
streets, S 28 by W 100; $10.
Savings -and Loan Society to Richard J.
Egan Jr.. lot on E line of Diamond street, 235
N of Twenty-second. N 25 by E 125; $200.
Seraph J.. Emily J. ' R. and Sarah M. Deal
to Clarence P. Jacobs, lot on N line of Twenty
fifth street. 185 W of Diamond, W 30 by N
114: $2000.
Roberta W. Barren et at. to J. Henry
Meyer, undivided one-sixth interest in lot on
E line of Montgomery street, 51 N of Wash
ington, N 25 by E C2; $10.
.John Kenney to Marguerite Lithix. lot on N
line of Pacific street. 68:fl W of Hyda, W 23 by
N K7:fi: $10.
William. Robert. Minnie and Adella Grass
hoff to Isidor Llpman. lot on NE corner of
California and. Larkln streets, E 36 by N
70:10, quitclaim deed; $1. _ .
Robert and Frances Watson to Rose Teaney,
lot on SE line of Bryant street, 165 NE of
Third., NE 44 by SE 80; $10.
¦ Mary J. McEntee (Sullivan) to Alma S. , and
E. Gustaf Carlson, lot on E line of San Bruno
avenue. - 125 S of Twenty-third * street S 25
by B 100; $10." . • •¦-¦'•- •¦*-'¦ vV"
- David . R. - R«a ; to -George, D. , Toy, • lot on EJ
line . of Twenty-sixth . avenue, ¦ 250 - N of ' C
street. N 50 by * E ; ISO; $10. ; . - r •
Union Trust Company to: Marie A. Walsh,
THURSDAY. OCTOBER d
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Two bulls escaped from the arena
at Valladolid, Spain, and made their
way into a hospital, where they upset
several beds on which patients were
lying and- gored three persons.
-/. Samo : owner. with- D. O.? Ston- (contractor) 1
architects ¦; same-^Paintlng. : graining, . etc.; » for
same on same:'. $2750.' * ,
Eame >¦ owner - with ¦•¦ Dan t Leahy (contractor) :
architects . rame — Lathing, - plastering, , etc.. for
aame. on same: '$3861.- .'-¦.:¦•¦-. .'-, - -, ;
Samo owner with Shepard Bros." (contractors)
architects eame — Draining, plumbing and es»!
fitting for Seamed on same;, $3808. i- - - -
John Proctor (owner) with Otis Elevator
Company (contractors), architect . Thomas
Welsh— Passenger elevator for apartment house
on O'Farrell street, near. Jones; $2070.
A. J, Clunie (owner) with Kalghin & . Calne'
(contractors), architects Martens & -Coney
All work except . mantels, shades, gas fixtures
grading, concrete; plastering, , plumbing '• and
painting for a three-story frame building (ten
fiats and five stores) on NW corner of HalKht
and FIHmore streets,' N 85 -by; TV 137; '$22 250
Same owner with Flinn , & : Treacy (contract-'
ors), . architects Eame— Concrete work for same
on same; $3710. . - " . , ¦
Same owners with Conlln & Roberts" '(con
tractors),, architect same — Vent fences' gal
vanized iron, etc., for same on same;'$iobo
Same owners with Hetty Bros, (contractors) '
architect same — Electric work for same on'
6ame:'$800.-«asSteas^H«8EBiWEV >-.~ : r --.':*.
Same owners • with ' Ickelhelmer Bros, (eon
tractors), archtect same — Plumbing and gas
fitting for same on same; $1200.' i *'.--.- -.- ¦
Same owners with J. H. Keefe (contractor!
architect same— Painting, etc., for same on
same; $1400. *"*
Same owners with Alexander Mennie (con
tractor), architect same— Lathing and plaster
ing for same on same; $2800. , - ' •
HeWy and Jessie Verleger (owners) with
Henning-P. Otten (contractor), superintendent
J. C. Flugger — All work except gas fixtures,
mantels and shades for a two-story*and base
ment frame building (fiats) on S line of Lake
street. 82:6 E of Fifth avenue E 25 by S 100
Outsi-Je Lands block 75; $4125. . '
Pabst Brewing Company (owners) with Carl
Schutt (contractor), architect Edmund Kollo
frath—Carpenter work, wrought iron, brass
work, stairs, mirrors, marble, hardware etc
for alterations to basement in brick buildlnir
™ KE corner of .Powell and Kills streets;
William W. and Katherine G. Wilson to
John H. Grady. lot on N line of S street S2:6
E of Twentieth avenue. E 50 by N 100; $10.
James, James Jr. and Laurence V. MuJ
downey to Thomas and Johanna, llonsson lot
on S line of Thirtieth street, (siiMi E of liaid
ley. E 35 by S 125. lot 122, block 23, Mission
and Thirtieth Streets Homestead; $10. •
Amalie Schreiber to John H. Grady lot 81,
Spring .Valley Homestead: $10.
Silas B. Farnsworth to Lotta P. Farnsworth
all interest in 207 lots in Sunset Heights, re
corded In E and F maps 22. and all interest
in estate of David L.. Farnsworth; grant.
David Fa rquharson to Visitacion Water
Company, lot A. block 45fJ, l^outh San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
William C. Waters to Laura B. .. Robertson,
lot on S line of Montana street, 230 \V of
Capitol. W 25 by S 125. lot 14. block R,'
Railroad Homestead Association; $10. ,
Olaf and Frances E. Olsen to Anna D. Joost
lots 44 and 45. block 23, City Land Associa
tion; $10".
M. and Catherine 'A. McCann to same, lota
1. 4, 7. 9 to 11, block 10, same; $10.
Builders' Contracts. /
fot on W line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 125
S of Lake street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
William J. and Emma C. Gunn to Rebecca
S. Morrison (wife of James R.), lot on W line
of Sixth avenue. 300 N of Lake street N 25
by W 120; $10.
Lennie B. Dalton to Bernhard Getz, lot on
E line of Twenty- fourth avenue, 125 S of
California fctrtet. S 25 by E 120; $10.
200 OccMrntal W
COOO Independence T 29
100 Northern California Power 9 00
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
In an apartment hotel for women
only— the owner says "for ladies
only" — where everything is in the
finest style, a single r*om costs from
$15 to 524 a month and double rooms
from $24 to $32. A typewritist there*
fore can have a room for $3 50 a
week, and a swell room at that. She
will eat two meals a day in the house,
costing $6 a week, and one meal a day
(luncheon near her, place of employ
ment, costing 90 cents. Her weekly
expenses are $10 40, without counting
washing, car fare and other essentials.
How many typewrtisits earn so much
as $10 a week? — New York Press.
Kor Women Only.
Dean Hale, the noted English cler-w
gyman who died recently, was the
leading figure in many humorous sto
ries. On one occasion he was cross
ing the Channel after a visit to the
continent, the voyage being very
stormy. The dean was a bad sailor
and had suffered a good deal on the
trip. At Dover he was looking over
the railway company's rules on the
station wall as a fellow passenger
came up. Said the dean: "After that
stormy voyage we have at least one
advantage in making the subsequent
trip to London: I see the company
carries returned empties at reduced
rates." •
Dean Hale's Wit.
HAMBURG — Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Dput'sch-'
land, from New York, via Plymouth.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct tt— Stmr Haver
ford, from Liverpool, for Philadelphia; stmr
Oceanic, from Liveroool, for New York.
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Oct 6— Stmr Calernla
Accame, from San Francisco, for Dublin.
SYDNEY, N S W— Sailed Oct 5 — Stmr Mlo
wera, for Vancouver.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr Al
geria, from New York, via Naplea.
XAPLFS— Arrived Oct 6— Stmr . Koenigen
Luise, from New York, via 'Gibraltar, for
Genoa, and proceeded.
OCEAN STEAMKRS
TATOOSH — Passed in Oct 6 — Br itmr Wye
fleld. hence Oct 3 for Ladysmlth.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Oct 6 — Ger bark
Berth/i. from Seattle.
ABERDEEN- Sailed Oct &— Stmr Newburg,
for San Francisco; 'chr Lizzie Vance, for San
Francisco; schr Sequoia, tot San Francisco;
schr Albert Mever, for San Pedro; schr Wn
F Wltzeman, for San Pedro.
Arrived Oct 6 — Stmr Santa Barbara, from
Cosmopolbi.
Thursday, Oct. 7.
Stmr Acme, Reed, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
CHICAGO. Oct. 5. — Fourteen hun
dred members of the Amalgamated
Rubber Workers Union after a five
weeks' strike to-day announced readi
ness to return to work under whatever
terms were offered.
Ready to Return to Work.
•Goodirch was killed June 6, 1903,
in an accident near Alum Rock Park.
Attorney D. M. Delmas and the firm
of Oneal & Richardson were each
allowed a fee of $1125 by Judge Tut
tle. The court ordered $3000 paid to
Mrs. Goodrich and 56000 into the court
for the two children, Donald and
Louise Goodrich.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 5. — A compromise
was reached to-day by which the San
Jose and Santa Clara Electric Rail
way Company will pay Mrs. Marie
Goodrich and her two children $11,
250 for the death of her husband. Ed
ward Goodrich. She sued for $50,000
and was given a verdict of $17,000.
An appeal to the Supreme Court was
taken.
Mrs. Marie Goodrich • Compromises
Suit Against San Jose and Santa
Clara Railway Company.
RECEIVES $11,250 FOR
HER HUSBAND'S LIFE
"In the fifty years since Creasy."
says an editorial in the New York In
dependent, "three more must be add
ed to the list. The battle of Gettys
burg. 1863. 'which decided the destiny
of an enslaved race and secured for
us all liberty and union, now and, as
we hope, forever; the battle of Sedan,
1870, which marked the rise of the
German empire; the destruction of the
Spanish fleet In Manila bay, 1898.
which made the United States the
dominant power of the Pacific Ocean
and marked its entrance into world
politics. And now to these* must be
added the battle of Liaoyanpr. the
first time in the history of the world
the yellow race has driven back the
white; the first serious check in the
conquest of Asia, Africa and America
by Europe; the first time an Asiatic
race has demonstrated its ability to
use the appliances of modern civiliza
tion; the first important battle for
1200 years not fought on both sides
by members of the Aryan race and
professedly Christian nations; the first
decisive engagement in a war for ex
istence by a nation which is already
exerting an influence on all others in
commerce and industry, in art and
science. If Japan finally wins she be
comes the Great Britain of the East,
and the natural leader of the Chinese
and Koreans."
Creasy, in his "Fifteen Decisive Bat
tles of the World," gives the following
and tells why they were decisive:
Marathon, B...C. 490, when Greek
civilization was preserved from an Asi
atic Inundation; the defeat of the
Athenians a*t Syracuse, B. C. 413, by
which Rome instead of Greece be
came the schoolmaster of Europe; the
battle of Arbela, B. C. 331. which ex
tended Greek influence from the Nile
to the Caspian; the battle of the Me
tauros, B. C. 207, which decided be
tween Carthage and Rome; the vic
tory of Armenius over the Roman
legions under Varus, «a: D. 9, which
saved our Germanic ancestors from en
slavement or extermination and drew
the line between the Latin and Teu
tonic races; the battle of Chalons, A.
D. 451, when "the Scource of God,"
Attila, and the Huns ceased their af
fliction of Christendom; the battle of
Tours, A. D. 732, when, but for
Charles the Hammer, the Koran would
have been taught at Oxford instead
of the Bible; the battle of Hastings,
1006. when "high-mettled the blood
in our veins"; Joan of Arc's victory
over the English at Orleans, 1429, by
which she "rescued her country from
becoming a second Ireland": the de
feat of the Spanish Armada. 1588,
which checked the sea power of Spain
and saved England from the Inquisi
tion; the battle of Blenheim, 1704,
when Germany was delivered from
Louis XIV; the battle of Pultowa,
1709, when Peter the Great brought
Russia into Europe; the victory of
the Americans, over Burgoyne at Sar
atoga, 1777. by which the New World
was enabled to work out its ovfn des
tinies; !the battle of Valmy, 1792,
which proved the power of the French
republic; the battle of Waterloo. 1815,
which checked the attempt to found
an empire for the aggrandizement of
one man. ¦ ; : -
Foijr Must B e Added to the Fifteen
Given by Creasy and One From
Present War.
NINETEEN* DECISIVE
* BATTLES OF THE WORLD
Conditions on Isthmus Satisfactory.
NEW YORK, Oct. 5. — John Barrett,
American Minister to Panama, who
has just arrived here from Colon, said
that .conditions on the isthmus are
very satisfactory.
If the test of ability to write a poem
of that excellence were founded on
other poems of at least approximate
Xjerfection, neither Mrs. Beers nor Fo«
taine nor Oliver would have any stand
ing In court. Of the three the North
ern ladv best endures that test. The
drivel that Fontaine wrote and is con
ceded to be his excludes him utterly. A
literary gentleman of Georgia, a poet
himself, examined the other verses
composed by Mr. Oliver, and was sat
isfied that only by some intellectual
miracle could he have been the author
of the poem' in dispute.
The case is really narrowed down to
Airs. Beers and Mr. Oliver, both of
whom are dead. We hesitate to doubt
the word of the lady or the soldier, but
one or the other is mistaken. Both
cculd not have written it. Under the
circumstances, if we republished in
book form the poems of the war, we
would in the case of "All Quiet Along
the Potomac" either let it go anony
mously or else put the names of Mrs.
Beers and Hugh Oliver at the bottom
of it as claimants, leaving the public
to take their choice. If Mrs. Beers
wrote it, she has been, in literary rep
utation, grossly wronged. If Hugh Oli
ver wrote it he has been the victim.
We are somewhat in the predicament
of the father who had two sons killed
in the civil war. One was a .Federal
and the other a Confederate. He bur
ied them side by side ana on the tomb
stone had inscribed, "God knows which
was right."— Augusta (Ga.): Chronicle.
The claim of Thaddeus Oliver, a
Georgia Confederate soldier, 'to the
poem, is very ingeniously and circum
stantially worked up— so much so that
even the late Alexander H. Stephens
gave him the credit.
Lamar Fontaine claimed it, but the
literary critics discard his title, al
though, by a persistent assumption, he
has contrived to get his name tagged
to it and may, in "the sarcasm of des
tiny," hold a right of way that does
not belong to him.
Mrs. Ethel Beers, a Northern lady,
who had written some" clever poetry,
but not up to the high mark of "All
Quiet Along the Potomac To-night,"
claimed the authorship of that poem
and the evidence In her favor Is very
strong.
Controversy as to the First Author
ship of the Well Known
War Song.
"ALL QUIET ALONG
THE POTOMAC TO-XIGHT"
Resolved. By the Building Trades Council
of San Francisco that we heartily Indorse the
proposed amendment and urge all persons
affiliated with us to vote for it. .
The Building Trades Council at its
meeting last night adopted the follow
ing:
Whereas, the Deputy Renirtrars are obliged
to work many hours overtime during the year
to complete election work and for which
under the present provisions of the charter
they can get no pay; and
Whereas. Charter amendment No. 16 pro
poses to compensate them for this necessary
overtime work hy Increasing their pay ac
cordingly.
With the object of placing the Union
Label in circulation the con
vention having the matter in charge
has appointed the following' as a com
mittee: G. M. Sutherland, I. Jacoby,
A. Zabroski, E. A. Tottenham, A. M.
Tiedemann. H. L. Foster. A. Slerwier
ski, Max Licht, J. . Sweeney, W. J.
French, Charles Schuppert, Mrs. L. C.
Walden, Mrs. Anna Kochl, Miss A.
Burkhardt and J. J. O'Neill.
Announcement is made of the ball to
be given by the Journeymen Butchers'.
Protective Association on Wednesday
evening at Social Hall. Alcazar build
ing.
Following the annual convention of
the American Federation of Labor,
which will assemble in this city on No
vember 14, the International Seamen's
Union of America will hold its annual
convention here in December. The call
convoking the convention has just
been issued by Secretary-Treasurer
William H. Frazier. Each affiliated
union is entitled to one delegate, with
a further representation of one dele
gate' for every 200 members and three
for every 500 or more. [
The same union was enjoined by Su
perior Judge Hebbard yesterday from
boycotting or placing walking pickets
in front of any and all of the places of
business owned by the firm of Gold
berg, Bowen & Co.
This injunction will remain in force
until October 14, when the merits of the
boycott will be heard by Judge Heb
bard. •
Judge' Hunt's decision is sweeping,
and it permanently forbade the union
or any member thereof from in any
manner interfering with Pierce or any
of his employes, or with any of the
patrons of the Nevada stables.
The Stablemen's Union has appealed
from the decision Tendered by Superior
Judge Hunt on August 6, restraining
its members from boycotting the Ne
vada stables at 1352 Market street.
Butchers' Union No. 115 met last
evening, but took no direct action re
garding the "open shop" cards which
have been displayed in the majority of
the markets during the week. Im
mediately after the meeting was called
to order a motion that all regular
business be suspended and that the
union resolve itself into a mass meet
ing to discuss vital questions pre
vailed. "While all the speakers thought
that union men should stand together,
the course of the butchers in accept
ing the ukase of the Butchers' Ex
change was generally commended.
Among the speakers at the meeting
were Secretary Wisler of the Labor
Council, D. McLennon, T. C. Zant, O.
M. Tveitmoe and Congressman Liver
nash. Representatives of the Co-op
erative Meat Company were also pres
ent and a number of shares of stock
were subscribed to.
The prevailing sentiment, as ex
pressed last night, is that there will
be no strike. Some of the individual
members say they think their bosses
are endeavoring to induce them to
strike and, in case the strike fails, dis
rupt the union.
The meeting last night was all along
conservative lines. No comDlaint has
been heard of any proprietor of a
shop attempting to increase hours or
reduce wages or employ non-union
men, and so long as this condition
continues the workers were advised to
remain behind their blocks. The open
shop idea was, of course, frowned
upon to, a certain extent, but so long
as if does not directly threaten disas
ter to the organization the members
of the union are satisfied. At the
meetjng of the Labor Council to-night
it is probable that the matter will
come up for further discussion.
The men employed by the W. S. Ray
Manufacturing Company, who went out
on a strike some time ago. have re
turned to their, places of their own vo
lition, without any concessions being
made by their employers.
There is some dissatisfaction re
garding wages among the hands en
gaged in chicken-picking in San Fran
cisco. Dealers say they are ready *to
meet the issue.
The Citizens' Alliance has taken no
tice of the boycott placed on Swain's
restaurant, and has pledged its sup
port to defeat the boycott.
Russians Regularly Defeat Japanese.
. MUKDEN, Oct. 3 (Delayed).— A
Russian correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press, who has Just returned
from Major General Mistchenko's di
vision, with .whom he has been since
September says:
"There have been constantly recur
ring skirmishes in which the Rus
sians have regularly defeated the Jap
anese, although the engagements have
never been very large. The last ad
vance I witnessed was on October 2,
when the Japanese made several ten
tative movements, but were driven
back on every occasion by the Rus
sian cavalry."
Are Congratulated by Labor
Workers for the Conser
vative ' Policy Adopted
HOLD MASS - MEETING
Will Continue to .Work in
the Markets Which Dis
play "Open Shop" Cards
Two writs w of attachment were
placed yesterday by Sheriff Curtis on
the Terrace Garden, 123 Mason street.
The writs were served at the instance
of H. Grundel to cover a claim of
51254 80, and by the Rauer Collection
Company for $299 99.
The attachments are the outcome of
some business transactions. The trou
ble was Immediately adjusted, so the
new cafe was not closed up. Prosper
P. Reiter, manager of the Terrace
Garden, when seen last night said:
"The statement made in this evening's
papers that the Terrace Garden has
been- attached and closed by the
Sheriff's office is untrue. Though an
attachment was served on us this aft
ernoon the Terrace restaurant is not
closed, nor Is there any probability of
its closing."
Attachments Are Levied on the Ter
race Garden, but Matter Is
v ;.*':; Soon Adjusted.
Members' targets — F. P. Schuster, A. von
Hartwlg, William Blasse. L. Thierbach. M.
F. Hartter, R. Stettin, N. Ahrens, E. Enge.
G. Tammeyer, A. Studer, F. E. Mason, M.
Kolander, A. L. Ott, A. Rahwyler. E. Ladd.
O. A. Bremer. G. M. Barley, H. Bornhold.
D. B. Faktor, O. M. Henderson, F. A. At
tlnger. T. J. Carroll. A. Schrumpf. N. May
erhofer, F. Ried. T. Simmer. L. Beudel, F.
A. Kuhls. D. F, Robinson, P. Brunotte. A.
Jungblut. Chris Meyer, A. Strecker, R. Fink
ing, M. F. Blasse. J. D. Heise. G. Rlxhmuller
Sr., L. N. Ritsau, R. Stettin. G. R. Rishmuller
Jr . L. Willie, Philo Jacoby. L. Thierbach.
L. Hellbronner. J. Utschig. William Ehren
pfort. C. Zimmermann, A. Breuss.
Honorary target— A. H. Pape, F. P. Schus
ter. A. Strecker. C. Meyer. H. Scbunart. E. S.
Schmid, W. F. Blasse, John Utschig, O. A.
Bremer, A. Bertelsen. B. Jonas, M. F. Hart
ter. M. Kolander, F. E. Maeon, D. B. Fak
tor. F. Attlnger, C. M. Henderson. John Boi
ler, N. Ahrens, M. Barley, J. Guhler, Mi F.
Blasse, H. Strecker, W. Maxwell, L. Beudel,
C. Peach, A. Rahwyler, A. Studer, A. Jung
blut and A. Brunotti.
Members and friends of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club gathered in San
Francisco Turn Verein Hall last night
to take, part in the distribution of
prizes to the^members of the club. The
evening was spent in merriment and
refreshments were served. Philo
Jacoby presented each member with
his prize. He made a short address
and concluded it by, crowning Adolph
Strecker with a wreath of flowers.
Of the seven members who went
to Philadelphia in 1876 and brought
the championship to California, four
were present last night. There' were
247 prizes distributed, 107 of which
went to the winners on the honorary
target, the remainder being given to
successful competitors on the mem
bers' target. The following were
among the winners:
California Schuetzen Club Makes An
nual Distribution of Trophies
at Turn Verein Hall.
MEAT CUTTERS
ARE SATISFIED
LONDON. Oct. 6. — At Sheffield to
night Arnold-Forster, the Secretary of.
War, made a strong speech on the
country's military needs. He said
that his. experience in the War Office
has convinced him that the lessons of
the Boer war have not yet been
learned and that dangers exist, re
quiring treatment.
"We do not want an army for sport
or for recreation, but an army which
is ready to face a foreign army and
defeat it," he said.
Secretary of War Says Iiessons of
South Africa Have Not Yet
Been Learned.
SHERIFF'S TWO WRITS
DID NOT CliOSE CAFE
SUCCESSFUL. MARKSMEN
GIVEN VALUABLE PRIZES
ARMY OF GREAT BRITAIN
STUili IN A BAD WAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO QALL, FRIDAY, -OCTOBER 7, 3904.
14
. RAILWAY TRAVEIa.
P^^Zj SAN
\4VM7w ' z0>l OcraBXSI *• 190 *"
\^^™^^/ Finr Vxrm
(Toot of Market Street.)
" An - MAIN LINE. -ab«it»'
19S* v »««»in9. Winter*. Kumiey 750»
/OCa Bentcta, Klmira and 8»er»mento.. 7_20»
740a Vallejo. Kapa, Callstogs, Saata
Kosa. Martinex. San Ramon 8.20*
7 30a Sties, Trsey. Lathrop. 9tock:on.... 7.20*
¦ 00A Sbt*M Express— (V!i\ Davit).
Winiamt. ¦Willows, fFrnto. Red
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7.S8*
8 COa DstIs. Woodland. Knisjhti Landing,
„_„ UaryiTllle. OroTlUe 7.50*
830a Port Cotta, Martinez. Anttoca.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Banos. Mendoti.
A/mona. Hanford, Vital la,
_ - - Forterrme 4.20»
• 30a Port Coita. Modesto. Mercod.
Fresno. Gosnen Jnactlon, Han-
ford. Vlsalia. BakewneW 4 53»
. o^Oa Nlles, Saa Jote. LlTermore. Stock-
ton, (tMHton). lone. Sacmmeato,
MarysTtlle. Calco, Red Bluff .... 4.2t>
8 30 a Oakdale. Chinese, Jamettown. So-
norm. Tnolumne and Angels ..... 4-20*
800a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 5 23»
830a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations .'. 8S0»
ID 00 A The Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Omaha. Chicago, Dearer, Kansas
•••<• City. St. Louli 8 20*
10.00a Vsllejo 1220*
10.00a Los Anrelen Patnenger — Port
Cotta, Martinet, Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fretno. Gosh«« Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoore. Vlislla.
Bakertflelil. Los Angeles 7 20»
12.00m Hayward. Nile » and Way Station! . 3-2O
11.00P Sacramento Rtver Steamer! tii.OQ*
3-30P Brntrl*. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing.
MarytTllle. OroTllIe and way
nations 10.50a
J jCp Harward.K!!et and Way Stations.. 7-50*
4 OOp Mar(lnez.Sas l:.imoa. Vallejo, Naps,
Calli toga, SaataKosa „.. ... 9 20a
4 COP Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lbd! 10.20a
430P Bayward. Nlles. Irvlngton. San » +3. 50 a
Joie. Llvermore ) til. 60a
SOOPTna Owl Limited— Nevmaa. Los
Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulara.
Bakersfleld. Lot Angaiet 8.50a
to 3Cp Hayward. Mies aod San Jose 7.20a
O.CCp Harward. Nlles and San Josa. 9 5Ga
6 OOp Eastern Express— Omana. Chicago,
, Denver. Kaasaa City, St. Louis,
Marlines. Stockton. Sacramento,
Col fax, Reno. Spark*. Tonopab,
_ __ Keeler. Dvden 12-50p>
8.00P Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... • , .-_
7X0P Vallejo. Sunday only ( 760P
7-OOp lUohmond. San Tablo, Port CosU,
Marttnex and Way station* 1120a
8.05p Tort CosU. Martinez. Bvroa.
Tracy. Lathrop, Uodeita,
MerceU, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 1220f»
8-OSp Toaemlte Valley. tIa Berenda and
Wawona (Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) 8.50a
8 C5p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10 20a
8 08p Oreicou * California Express — Sao-
ramento, Mitrytvllla, Keddlng; .
Portland. Pu jet Soonil and East. 8-50 A
8.10P Bayward, Nllea aad Saa Jote (Soa-
daronly) 11-SOa
! COAST LINE (Jl»rr»w Nan?.).
(Koot of Market Street.)
8.16a Newark. Centervllle. San Joto.
Felton. Doaldnr Creek. Santa
Crai aad Wit Stations 655*
t2-1SP Newark. Centerrlile. San Jote.
New Almaden. Los Gato«.Fe!ton,
Bonld-r Creek. Santa Crur aad
Principal Way Stations tta 55*
4.16P Newark. 8aa Joie, Lo* Gatot...] J ]§;||*
«9-30p nnntert' Train rSatnrday only)—
San Jo«e and Way Stations t7-2Sp
COAST LINE (ltroa.i banajs).
! ty (i'lilrd »uq Townsend Streets.)
' 810a tau Jote and Way Stations 630p
700a San Jo«» and W»? Stations 6.40P
8 00a New Almadea (Tuei., Frtd.. only). 4.10s*
8-00ATbe Coaster— Sun Joie, Salinas,
San Ardo, Pato Boblea. Santa
M.irgarlta. San Lalt Obltpa,
Gaadalape. GavtoU, Sanu Bar-
bara. San Buenaventarv Man-
talTO. Oxnard, Bar bank, Los
Angeles 13 3O
8 00a Gt!roy, HoIIttter, CaitrovtUe. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove , Surf, Lorn- .
poc 1Q.30P
9.00a San Jote. Tres Plnos.WattonTtlla.
C-pltol». Sanu Cms, PaclQe
Grove, Sallnaa, San I.nls o:>lipo
aad JTIncip*. War Station*. ... 4.10»
10 3Ca Ban Jose idiI Way Stations. 120p
I 11 30a San Jote and Way Sutlon* 7.30»
j 2-ISp Ban Jote aud Way Station! 8-38A
J.80P Del Mnnte Kxprets— Santa Clara,
: fan Jot*. W a t s o n v 1 1 1 e. gnnta
¦ Crui. Del Moa:e. iloaterej,
I PaeiflcQrnTe 12 1Sp
13-OOp Lot Gatot. Wripht. Hou:d-r Creek.
! Santa Crux. Tta Sanu Clara snd
Narrow Gaajge +10. 45a
JJCp Vslencfs St^ Sontb Sun Francisco.
ItarllDRame. San Jote, Gilroy,
Holltster. Tres Plnos 10.45a
I 4-30P Pan Jo»e and TV'ty Statfons t3 00a
! tSXOpSanU Clara, San Jose. Lr.t Uatot,
and principal Way Suciont (ex-
; eept Sauday) t9-00A
(5-30p banJokeandfrindpalTVayStatlons 19.40a
6 46p bu»»el Express. — Kedwood. Saa
Joae, G Ilroy.Sallnas, fato Kotiles,
tan Lula Ublspo, Sanu Barbara,
Lot AnitPlet. l»etn!n*. Kl Paso.
St. Louis. New Orleans, NewVork 9 10a
5.4Sp Psjaro, WattonTtlle. Cspttola,
tanu Crui. Ca*troYlU«, Del
Monte. Partfle Groye 10.3QP
tS-15P SaDilateo.Rereaford.Belmont.Sna
Carloa. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
! Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8.4?A
i 8 30pStn Jote and Way Stations. 6-38a
800pP»1o Alto and Way Station! 10.15*
! 11.3flpSouthSanyrancitco.MUlbrae.Bur-
lingame. &Hn M«teo, Belmont,
Ban Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oak*.
Menlo Park, and f»lo Alto +« «_
! «1130p M*> Ui-1.1, Mounraln View. Sonny-
rale, Lawroace. Sanu Clara and
8anJo * e t9.45«
A tor Morning. r for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted iSnndnyonty - '•¦
<¦ Saturday only. b Monday oulr
{Stops at all station! on Sunday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tttjuron Perry — root of Market Street.
SA2T PBANCZSCO TO SA3T BAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:0O. ll:0O a. m. ; V2.ZS.
3:30. 5:li>. 6::u> p. m. Thursdays — Extra trln
at 11 :30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :5O and ll:3O p m.
SUNDAYS — &:<*>. 0:30. ll:0O a. m.; l:3O 3-30).
6:00. 6:20, ;i:?.Op. m.
SAKT RAFAEL TO SAN TRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:5o, 020 11-15
a. m. ; 12:30. 3:40, 5:00. 5:2T> p m
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 d m.
81%'DAYS- 8:OO. O:4O. 1UU a. m. ; i:4O, 3 40
4:05. B:OS. 6:25 p. m.
Leave | In Effect [ Arrive "
San Francisco. |Oct^^jaoj.l SanJPrancisoo.
Week I Sun- I |~Sun~ t Week"
Days. [ days. ) Destination. | day. ] Days.
7:3Oaml 8:(>0nm ftTtOamt 9 :40am
i 0:3f>am Ignaclo 10:4i>am 10:20ara
3:3Opm 3:30pm «:0fipm «:2Optn
R:10pm| 5:0Opml 7:35^1
7:30am I liilinm; 8:4Oam
8:00am Novato 10:4uan> 10:2Vatn
8:80pm 9:S0amj Petaluma «:0Spml 6:20pm,
S:10pm 3:3Cpm and 7:33pm
S:0Opm| Santa Rosa i
7:30am 10:40am 10:20a.-rt
S:00am Fulton 7:33pm 6:20ym
3:3Opm 3:30pm
Windsor *
7:30am 8:00am Healiisburt; 10:40am 10:20aa
Lytton
3:30pm 3:S0pm • Geyserville 7:33pm 6:20pm
Cloverdale
7:S0am! 8:0n«m[ Hopland |10:40am|10:2l>am,
1 3:30pm| 3:3Oprn| and tHciah t 7:33pmj 6:20pm
j I Willits and I j "
7 :30am I 8:O0am! Sherwood | 7:35pTn| «:20pm
7:30am! 8:00amj |10:40am!10:20am
, 3:3Opmj 3:30pml Guerneville | 7:33pm|. *:20pn»
; 7:30am| 8:00amj Sonoma I 0:10am| 8:40am
5:10pm| 5:00pml Glen Ellen [ 8:0Cpm| 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |lO:4Oam|10:20ani
3 :30pm I 3:30pm| Sebastopol \ 7:33pm[ 6:20pm
STAGES connect at Grwn Brae for San
Qtientin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skarw
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hocland for Duncaa
, Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyviUe Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bart!ett
Springs and Lake Co. Hot Springs; at Uk'al*
for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs Blu»
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Up-'
per Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights, Hullvllje. Orr** Hot Springs. Halfway
House, Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal: at Willits
for Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Braa-g, Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cum-
OTtngs, Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubhard. PTuit-
land. Dyer, Garberville, Camp 5, Pepperwood.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Cfcrontcla
building.
JAS. L. FTtAZTER. R. X. RTAS,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
U.^arnaeUo | Ar. ha tna^T"
i^TL fl^^m "sa»r~TkjSyr
L1:00a 4:2.".p
l:45p 1:45p T&jfo)*/ 6J3J? 'S7i"i?
Satar<b7» 4:35r UOutojt 11:13 ?
»Yu Grtnty Car V Mt TmhIkuj to MiU Tiflty
' amen i "^ ?***" St^( North Shore Railroad).
IfflCB } and Saosauto Fkxay. Foot Market Sc
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAB,"
booms vlitd^5O£5£:
FRAVKLIN. 1C3»— A large, sunny, front
room, suitable for two; excellent tade; terms
moderate^ __________^______
OCTAVIA. 1925. cor. Sacramento— -Overlooking
Lafayette cquare: comfortable rooms and
excellent hcrae board.
X POST. Tn«. near Van Ness ave. — Sunny
rooms : excellent board.; references.
ELLIS, 453— Nice furnished rooms, with beet
French table board; reas. and best location.
ELUS. 1436 — Cheerful, sunny rooms, with or
without board; cczy corner. .<*-'-
FRANKLIN. 1518 — Sunny, pleasant rooms with
Rood board; private family; reasonable.
EDDT 1128 opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
eur.cV rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
FKONT room with board for two. 1311A Ma-
fconic a\«. ¦
orERRERO. 114— Very sunny rooms, witn
J>card: running water.
HAIGHT. 60— Nicely furnished single rooms;
pood home cocking; reasonable.
HOWARD. R41A— Flrst-cla«s board and room,
slngi* or double. >5-$6 wk.; American family.
Sterwison Mansion, opp. Grace Church • annex.
IWT California — See rooms, learn prices, try tabl» >
ROOMS WAHTED.
WAJTTEI5 — By young married couple. 2 or 3
connecting rooms. Including kitchen; must be
nicely furnished and north of Market; will
be permanent if satisfactory- Address, atat-
ing price, box 2056, CsJl office
STORAGE AITP WAJBEH01TSE3.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
bousehcld goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
721 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2341; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage it Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell bus. ; teL Pri. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advar.ee* made. 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941, F. W. Zehfusi.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
rar.y. 2320 Fiilmore st-: phone Jackson 28L
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
et. : tel. Main 1K4O. Shipping at cut rate*.
SEWmOMACmiSJLOTBOTPLIES.
WHY not buy or rent the best? You can buy
or rent a White sewing machine at the same
price you pay for inferior makes. Visit the
new retail office of the Whit* Co.. at 913
Market st.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; a.11 kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinOs. $3. !."•. $8: guaranteed; where th»
dolls swing in the window. 10S1 Market st.
STOP OSIX1X.1BO.
GUARANTEED cure: eend 60c; tablet " form
mailed In Dlain "packaee; has cured cbou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS AXTS SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Sir:th Premier, $25: other typewriters at
higher end lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
- Typewriter Exchange. 536 California St.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Ingpec Co.. 50S Market.
.^^^jraLyi.
A WAY to health; mothers* and daughters'
norm- treatment; booklet free; write for it.
VI A VI CO.. Van Nesa. Phone East 282.
DIYTDEITD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
ing of the Board of Director* of this bank.
held October 4. 1904. a dividend for the
quarter year, ending September 30. 1904,
was declared at the rate of seven (7) per
cert per annum, payable on and after the
15th inst. Transfer books will be closed
Irom the 10th to the 15th inst., both days
inclusive. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Franeisco, Oct. 4.' 1904.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. A dividend. No. 70, of fifty cents
<5Ce) per share on the issu*d capital stock
of the corn Dan y has been declared, payable
at the office of the company, rooms 202, 204
and 20b. Hayward buildtnr. San Francisco,
en October 10. 1904. Transfer books close
Oct. 3. 1904. at noon. C. C Quir.n. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS For Subsistence Supplies.— Office
Purchasing Commissary. Kan Francisco, Cal..
Oct. 3. 1V»O4. — Sealed proposals for furnishing
and delivering of such quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, delivered at such wharf or
wharves or such wart-houses in San Fran-
cisco. <Tal.. aa per circular to be seen at this
cff.ee. will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., MONDAY. October 17. 1904. and
o;>ened immediately thereafter, in presence
of bidders. Specifications, general instruc-
tions to bidders and blank forms of proposals
wi!l b» furnished to established dealers on
application u> DOUGLAS SETTLE, Captain
Corey.
PROPOSALS for constructing by contract one
battleship (No. 25) and two armored cruisers
• No*. 12 and 13» will V* received at the
Navy Department until 12 o'clock noon on
Thursday. December 15. 1904. when they will
bf publicly opened. Circulars defining the
chief characteristics of faid vessels are now
ready and the plane and specifications will
If ready for dietributlon among prospective
bidders after October K.th InBtant. Forms
of pr^rKisal and contract ir.ay b* had on
application to the department. CHAS. H.
DARLING. Acting Secretary of Navy.10-1-04
STTJTTERIJTG AE1> STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market"
f uret ; eetab. in S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to 5 p. m.
31A1UUAGK LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday : -¦
Henry -G. Oiesen. 21. 242 Turk street, and
Nellie D. Pitt. 18, McPhorson. Kane.
R.jbPrto Bertozzl. 27. lti Valparaiso street,
and Africa CamoFctti. 19. 26 Vandewater.
Oharle* F. Kroger. 27. 1211 Union street,
an<l Ethel C. liornsmann, 2y. 1032 Union.
Easier E. Hull, 21. 1274 Ellis street, and
Laura M. Williams. 18. 272:5 Sacramento St.
C"harles Van Ness, 19. Oaz:and. and An-
toinette Gilman. 18, Oakland.
Peter J. Burke, 21. HIacervllle. and Mary
C. Ptrklns. 21. 127 Guerrero street.
Valftitirif Buthner, 21, San Jose, and
Blanrhe Howatt. 21, Scotia.
Alvin L. Simmons. 2.">. 5<>4 O'Farrell street,
an* IHle M. Farley. 20. 504 O'Farrell street.
William H. Nolan. 30. Santa Rosa, and :
Lillian C. I'.. Kalrton. 23, Sar.ta Rosa..
David Jones, SX. Oakland, and Julia J. ;
CrarenmMn, 1*. Oakland. 1
Johan A. Gustufeon, 42. 112 Alabama street,
and AusrusU Johanson, 47, 1S00 Howard.
Charlc* A. HabeJ. 2S. 42 Grove street, and
Fanny A. Martin, 27, 42 Grove street.
Felix Dranlnskl. 38, l«0 Julian avenue, and
Man' ojzynska. 2'-. 100 Julian avenue.
Robert Nurnbrper. 46, I.ovelocks, Nev., and
Louisa W. Purvlanee, 41. Lovelocks. New
David F. Hamilton. 34. St. Helena, and
Jftmle Bcllis. 23. 2U3 Hoffman avenue.
ToranoMiKe Y^nyo. 31, Sacramento, and
Marht Otar.l. 27. Wakayama Ken, Japan.
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage . and d *a t h notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in ht' either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted pimply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of chare*.
BORN.
DttEISHMAN— In this city. August 23. 1904.
* to the wife Of William Drelthman, a
daughter.
FIERRO— In this city. October 8. 1904, to the
wife of Percy P. Fierro, a daughter.
GS1GER — In tiita city. October 5. 1904, to the
wife of Isidor Geisrex, a dauehter.
HACKETT— In this city, to the wife of Dr.
Arthur E. Hackett (nee Andrew), a ton.
"married!
HAUSMANN— HATFIELD— In this city, Octo-
ber 6. 1904. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder.
Adolph Htuimun and Elizabeth A. Hat-
field.
£ULJJVA>-— if YMAN— In this city. October 5,
1904, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. John B.
Sullivan and Katharine N'yman, both of this
city.
~~~ ~~ DIED. — — —
Braly. El 1 en W. Juarez, Roy D.
Callahan, Mary -.Kennedy. Edward
Clark. Mary. 'Lcbree. Ellas
<":arkscn. Prentice Lockie. G-wrge O. H. '
Dorland. Jame* H. Mehrmann, Dr. John j
Piinne. Annie , Ohm, Emma D. i
Oreenwood, Mrs. M. Taylor, Ellen
¦Ha rpwall. John H. Wacker. . Josephine •
Hajisen, Helen E. . Whitten, W. ¦ S. ;
BRALY— In LTdah," October 5. 1004. Ellen W.,
beloved ' wif* of . the Jate , Thomas ' Braly a
native of Nova Scotia. Canada., (Bct'tou
Mass. and Fresno. Col., papers please copy.)
(ETFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 7:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden. McPrearty & Green, 1171 Ml»-
eion street, thence to St. Boniface'* Church,
Golden Gate avenue, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the recone of
her fouI at S a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CALLAHAN — In this city. October 5, 1904,
Mary Callahan, beloved wife of the late
John Callahan, and beloved mother of Mar-
garet and Daniel J. Callahan and Mrs. D. ;
G. Simpson, a native of Ireland, aped C3
yeans.
CLARK — In the City and County Hospital.
October 6, 1904i Mary Clark, a native- of
New York, aged 40 years.
CLARKSON— In this city. October" 5. 1904,
Prentice M.. beloved husband of Mary
Clarkson. and father of the late Henry
Clarkson, and brother of Milton L. Clarkson
and Mrs. Charles Wood and Mrs. John H.
Craiff. a native of St. Louis, Mo., a^ed 6<i
years 2 months and 17 days.
E7FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Friday), at 9:15 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence,. 211 Brlchton avenue, Ingleslde.
thence to St. Michael's Church, Ocean View,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the renose of his soul, commenc-
ing: at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
DORLAND— In this city. October 6. 1904,
James H.. beloved son of Robert H. and
Kllzabeth Dcrland, aod brother of Thomas
Dorland. a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years and C months. .
E7"Notiee of funeral hereafter.
DUNNE— In this city. October 6. 1904. Mrs.
Annie Dunne, mother of Amy, James and
Fred Dunne, and sister of W. A. Coulter, a
natlvp of Ireland, aged 47 year.s.
Cyrhe funeral will take place on
Saturday morales, October S. at 10 a. m..
from St. Jowph's Church. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GREENWOOD— In Fort Braes. October 5,
1904, Mra. Marv Greenwood, sister of Mrs.
M. A. Valencia, M. L. Kerr, Susan Sears,
P. Bourne and J. R. and C. Smith.
HAGGWALL— In this city, October 5, 1904,
John H., beloved hueband of Mrs. Hasswall,
a native of Stockholm, Sweden, ajred 63
years.
m' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 a. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 666 Mission street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HANgEN— In this city, October 6, 1904, Helen
E. Hansen. dearly beloved daughter of Anna
Han«en and the late Captain Frlthjof
Hanaen, and sister of Sophie, Signa, LJly and
Arthur Hansen, a native of Norway, aged
!;• years and 3 days.
JUAREZ— In this city, October 6. 1904, Roy
Darrell. beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. William
Juarez, and brother of ¦ Marcellite Juarez, a
native of California, aged 4 years 3 months
and 2S days. N
KENNEDY— In Oakland, October 6. 1904,
Edward/ beloved son of Eml H. and Mary
A. Kennedy, and brother of "Nellie. Alice,
Frederick and Reuben Kennedy and Mrs.
Mitchell, a native of Indianapolis, Ind.. asred
26 years.
LOBREE— In this city. October 6, 1904. Ellas
Lobree. ared 33 years.
LOCKIE— In this city. October 6, 1904, George
G. H. C. Lockle, beloved son of the late John
A. and Ellen Lockie. and brother of John,
William. Carrie A, and Hiram Lockle and
Mrs. William J. Fleming, a native of
Suisun, Cal., aged 25 years 7 months and
18 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from" the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law. W. J. Fleming,
Iol9 Broadway, between Larkln and Hyde
streets, thence to 6t Brlgid'a Church, where
services will be held for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEHRMANN— In Oakland. October 4, 1904.
Dr. John F.. beloved husband of Catherine
L. Mehrmann and father of Fred and Dr.
H. B. Mehrmann, a native of Germany,
aged 76 years 9 months and 1 day.
C5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday morning, October 8, at 10 a. m..
at his late home, &02 Isabella street. Oak-
land. Interment private.
OHM— In this city, October 6. 1904, Emma B..
widow of the late Rudolph A. Ohm, and
mother of Mrs. J. C. Bowman and R. F.
Ohm, a native of California. a*ed 46 years
2 months and 23 days.
C Friends a:»d acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ta attend the funeral to-morrow
<Saturday). at 2 p. m., from her late resi-
dence. 1352 Green street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
TAYLOR— In this city. October 6. 1904. Ellen,
relict of the late Thomas Taylor, and aunt
of Mrs. J. H. Lonersan, Mrs. Susan Harte
and Cornelius and Philip McCarthy, a native
of County Cork, Ireland.
tZTTht funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 a m... from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connw & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Mary's (Paulist) Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townaend
streets.
WACKER— In this city. October «. 1904,-
Josei-hlne Wacker (nee Ryhner), dearly be-
loved wife of Charles F. Wacker. and de-
vcted mother of Karl J., George H., Frieda
K. and the late Elsie Wacker, and idolized
eister of Mrs. A. Kreuzer, Mrs. P. Roemer.
Mrs. G. Orsi and Miss Johanna. Felix. M.
Charles. Frank X.. Joseph and Theodore
Ryhner. a. native of Schwyz. Canton
bchwyz. Switzerland, aged 41 years 9 months
and 6 days.
CTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:15 a. m.. lrora her late resi-
dence, 1535 Howard street, between Eleventh
and Twelfth, thence to St. Bonlface'B
Church, Oolden Gate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth streets, where a requiem,
high mifs will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cress Cemetery, Kindly omit
flowers.
WHITTEN— In this city, October 5. 190*,
W. S.. beloved husband of Mollie
Whltten, and devoted father of Mrs. 'Jennie
Berlin, Mrs. Mabel Lauthier and Ida H. and
J Laura M. Whitten, and brother of Z. T.
Whltten, a native of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged
52 years, (5 months and 5 days. (Cincinnati
papers please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Harmony Lodge No. 8, A. O. U. W..
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Friday). October 7, at 2 p. m., from
his late residence, 308 V> Eighth street, be-
t»ee»: Fo'fom and Hairison. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KENRY J. CAM.ACH = r* CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher) I
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. . |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. !
20 Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.-
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple, '
NOW at S6G MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st
Fine«t Equipments at Moderate Rates. *
I James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.'
— Funeral Directors and Embaim'ers
214 Eddy st. Tel. South 57G.
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
\W ¦ 'CALIFORNIA H
gLIMITED TO CHICACoi
\M LEAVES MONDAYS end THURSDAYS
I M*t O:aO a. m., tnrou^h in 3 days,|l
m with diner and all trappinar*. 5 1
Otaer Santa Pe TrsJnn
0:30 a! nt I for Et9clt ton.' Freano. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hanford and Visalia.
4 :0O p. m. for Stockton.
8:0O p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
. Chtcaso. (
TICKET OTPICES— 641 Market OX. u«
i rerry Depot, B. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 27 Souta Tlxst St,
San Jose. WBBMF4
MMiM^M ROSS VALLEY. '
'IhBSS^ CAZADERO. Etc.
via Sauiallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OAUOE.
¦ Depart" from '£an Francisco, daily, at t7 - 05.
7:45. 8:25, »:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. 3:15*
4:35, 5:15.. 5^50. 0:30. 7:15. 9:00 and H:3o
p. nt.'^SSCH - ...—"•*
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t«:40
7:55 6:15. 8:60, 9:33. 10:50 a. m.; 1:30 2:5s!
4:25l 5:05. 6:42, 0:22. 6:57. 7:40 and' 11:12
P "tDaily except ' Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 al'm. : dally— Caxadero and way stations
3:15 p. m.." Saturdays only — For Casaderol
. 5:15 ¦ p. m., daily,' except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales,~etc.BiptflflMM£i ' * ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market e rt.'
. .FERRY— Union Depot, foot , of Market • itCHICAGO, Oct. 6. — Weakness of foreign
grain markets and increasing primary receipts
In the United States were the cause of a break
of 1®1%C in the price of wheat here to-day.
When trading in the wheat pit began senti
ment was only a trifle easier, but as the ses
sion advanced all support was apparently with
drawn and extreme weakness developed. The
influences mainly responsible for the slight de
cline In prices at the start were lower cables
and a report by a Cincinnati trade paper alleg
ing a material Increase in the acreage sown
with winter wheat. The condition of this new
ly sown wheat was said, moreover, to be first
class as a result of recent favorable weather.
Initial quotations on December were off Uc to
%c at SI 11%'to $1 11%. May was down %©
%c to Y*1f%a at 1111% to »1 11%. For a brief
period the market exhibited some signs of ral
lying, there being a fair demand for the May
Future Grain and Provisions.
Open. HlKh. Low. Clo»e.
December ...91 50 ' $1 00% $1 60 $1 t0%
May— No sales; *1 51% bid. 91 &l% asked.
BARLEY— The feature of the market at tht
moment is the large arrivals of damp grain,
both here and at Port Costa. A competent au
thority 1. estimates that there are about 200.000
or 300.000 sacks . of more or less wet grain in
the State. - and most of it is Barley, though
a considerable portion is Wheat," with »om«
Oats. JM.111UH imnuf 1 *4"l f*>WTl'fl>IWf"[M«llli»«»lMJ
The caah grain la dull tor damp lots, which
2 p. m. Session.
Open. ' High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 31 fl'51% $1 49% $1 5OV6
May 152% .1 63*i 1 61 ; 161%
California Club. $1 45©1 52%: California
White Australian. $1 M®1 62%; Northern
Club $1 45<3>1 52%; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
©1 62% per ctl. .
, FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :S0 a.m..
WHEAT— Foreign futures were weak.
Chicago was 2c. lower, with operator! bear
ish on eve;> thing. The Northwest were heavy
Fellers.' ; ¦ >:¦*:•
The 8an Francisco 1 market for futures fol
lowed Chicago down 2c. with heavy trading
an:l considerable liquidation.' The cash grain
was frieadlly held, but quiet and unchanged.
Thrr« is considerable damp Wheat arriving
at Port Costa now.
- . • CASH WHEAT.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Con tinned on Pace Fourteen.
. It has been decided to , merge the Federal
Trust Company In the Central Trust Company,
the Issued capital of the latter being Increased
and also the. number of directors.
Details are not yet announced as to how
much stock of the Central -will be taken by the.
Federal Trust Company shareholders, or as to
bow many of the directoro of the Federal
John B. Bourne has been unanimously
elected a member of the San Francisco Stock
and Exchange Board. Mr. Bourne for many
years was the caller of the Paciflc Stock Ex
change.
The Port Costa Water Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30 cents per snar»
on October 15. . .
Late assessments are: South Eureka Min
ing; Company. 2c, delinquent October 24; Helen
Mining Company, lc. October 17.
Ex-dividend yesterday: Imperial Oil Com
pany, regular monthly. 20c per share, amount
ing to 120.000; Thirty-Three Oil Company, reg
ular monthly, 10c per share, amounting to
S10.000.
The Nevada National Bank has declared Its
regular semi-annual dividend at the rate of T
per cent per annum, payable October 13.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of
20 cents per share, payable October 15.
The Comstock mining shares broke badly
and went- down about as fast as they had pre
viously gone up. Heavy selling accompanied
the decline.
The Crown Point Mining Company has lev
ied as assessment of lCc.
Business on the Bond Exchange continued
very quiet, and fluctuations were few. Pa
ciflc States Tel. and Tel. sold at $114 50<?
114 87%. and Hawaiian Commercial was
higher at ?64. The oil stocks were also dull
and the Tonopah shares featureless.
Cqmstock Shares Break Sharply,
With Heavy Sales.
NEW YORK. Oct. «.— With priceg inclined
to react for Ft. Paul, Union Paciflc and United
Ftstf* Stwl preferred on the Stock Exchange,
miiA a. mmilar tendency manifest in Northern
Securities on the curb, the Block market was
e>priwd of the principal Incentives to the
Fpe^lativ* excitement of tlie previous days
of this w^ek ar.a lajifw-d into a condition by
coirpartoom of decided quietude. The result
was to lessen the activity of the trading to
a marked extent. Thl« result, following a
fall In prices, was taken to be a technical
indication of flrmne«n arid strength and senti
ment toward the market continued to be gov
erned accordingly until the break at the lairt
Humor* tiwn became current of a shift to the
fhctrt side for a bear campaign of important
<ij>erators who have led the advance The
rrinefpal activity shifted to nrw quarters, and
in theee price* advanced. Thene new points
' f etrength developed after the reaction had
U-eom* fairly general. Amalgamated Copper
»M the firtt point in which utrength was
rhewn. The buying of this stock was based
v;ion th» report* from the copper trade, which
showed a lively demand for foreign and do
n'.'Cstlc consumption, which was carrying price*
to a higher level.
The day's market did not follow any new
cV-velorments beyond the crowing disposition
'.-..¦ v t. by al! public discussion to assume an
attitude of warning toward the danger of ex
ert! in the riee of prioea and the commitments
to the market on borrow«-d money based on
the plethora which had obtained In the money
market. The Inattention to the cold weather
reports shows the growth of a confidence that
the grain crops are practically made. Advices
from the iron and ei*-el trade were of a pause
In the demand for iron and a still moderate
demand for torms of steel."' The failure to de
clare the dividend on the steel foundries pre
ferred *tock and the reported $10,000,000 issue
«f the Republic Iron and Steel Company were
Influences en the Iron and eteel groups.
The weakness of the lead and smelting
clocks was due to the reported abandonment
for the present of the attempted lead merger.
The weak end active closing thowrd that the
•trong features of the day proved too mild a
stimulant for the market in its present habit of
Indulgence. - and there /was - lim« left to the
(sins. Bonds were steady. Total taUs, par
INTERNATIONAL.
New York oa Paris 5.16%
New York on Mexico 21fi Va
Paris on London • 25.15 .
Berlin on London .20.30',*
Sterling Kxchange, sixty days... — f t 84 -
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87
New ¥ork Exchange, sight...... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 87%
Mexican Dollars — 46
Sliver is %c lower.. Sterling Exchange
and Mexican dollars are weaker.
LOCAL.
New York Stock Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
' LOCAL MAEKETS.
STOCK MAEKET.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks. . .11.1321 Oats, ctls 1 82»
Wheat, ctls 6.042! Bran, sks 3.200
*
Flour, qr sks... 2,S72|Wool. bales 248
Wheat, ctls 79l|Feed, «ks 10
Barley, ctls 23, 703 1 Tallow, ctls .... 293
Oats, ctls 970: Leather, rolls . . 378
Corn (West), ctla 600; Hides. No 1,708
Beans »ks 6.391 Pelts. No 110
Potatoes, sks ... 4,578! Lime, bbls S&4
Onions, sks 7581 Paper, reams . .. 120
Bran, sks 425|Wine. gals 52,823
Middlings, sks . . 745! Broom Corn, his 50
Hay. tons 323i Sugar, ctls 2.8S0
Hops, bales 537' Quicksilver, flsks. 230
FOR THURSDAY. OCTOBER «.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 6.— Wheat for export— •
Walla Walla 81@82c; bluestem. 86c; valley,
85c. For Eastern markets — Walla Walla, 83c;
bluestem, 8Cc. ' |
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA. Oct. «. — Wheat unchanged; Hue- i
atem. 87c; club. 83c.
Northern Wheat Market.
Receipts of Produce.
are ranging from $1 10 down to $1 05. but
choice dry bright Feed Is not overplentiful.
Prices are unchanged. Futures were 114c low
er yesterday, with very light trading.
CASH BARLBT.
Feed. Si 07%@l 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping. $1 15®1 17%: Chevalier. $1 17%«>
1 22% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 11% $1 11% $1 10U $1 10%
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 10%.
OATS — Sellers continue to report a firm mar
ket, though the demand la not especially active
and receipts are free.
White $1 37%fel 85; Surprise, $1 5001 60;
Red. $1 22 H ©I 42% for feed and $1 4O<@1 50
for seed; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and $1 50
©1 70 for seed.
CORN — The market is still quiet and fea
tureless. Western is coming in freely again.
Western sacked, $1 40@l 45 for Yellow, $1 45
for White and $1 40@l 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 40@t 45; small round
do. $1 5501 62%; White, nominal; Egyptian.
$1 35«H 43 for White and $1 25®1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— $1 35®1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per eti.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
8 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, (4 70O3;
; Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4@4 60
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do $3 60;
Oat Meal. $3 78; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy.
$3 60@3 85;, Buck wheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oata. bbls v $6 50@7 60; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Thera is nothing new !n any description.
Bran rules firm, but the expected advance has
no* yet taken place. There Is a good strong
market for the, upper grades of Hay, but
weather-stained lots drag.
BRAN— $20gi21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@23 per ton.
SHORTS— $20@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 5C@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 5O<@32 50:
jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23: Corn
Meal $30 5O#31 50: Cracked Corn, $31@32;
Mixed Feed. $22©22 50: Horse Beans. $:;o<S4o
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
v HAY— Wheat. ?*©13 80. with $14@14 50 for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. $8«13; Oat. $3@
12 50: Barley, and Oat. $S«11; Volunteer Wild
Oat $6 60$0; stable. S7WS 50; stock, $5 50@7;
Clover $8@10; Alfalfa, $0012 per ton.
STRAW— 30@50o per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There were no further changes in quotations
yesterday. Receipts of Beans are steadily In
creasing and include more or less damp stock,
which finds a poor demand.
BEANS — Bayoa. ?:! 15«t^ 30; Pea. $2 90<93 10-
Butters. $2 75@3; small White, $2 90(03 13;
largo White, $2 20®2 50; Pink, $2 7503;
Red $3 75<9:4 ; Lima. $3 00#4 : Red Kidneys.
$4#4 20: Blackeyes. $2 3302 55 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 85©2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard $3 25: Flax. $1 OOig'2 25: Canary. 6»i
©Jc- Alfalfa. 15V&®10%e: Rape. lM.ffi2%c;
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%®3%c per lb; Millet.
2%«3%c; Broom Corn Seed ?20<f?21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2@2 25; new Green
Peas. $2@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions ami Vegetables.
Trade in Potatoes and Onions was moder
ately active, but supplies were stil! f»r In
excess of the demand and the market ruled
weak at the previously quoted rates. Sweets
were firm at the recently advanced quota
tions, there being no fresh stock received.
There were no changes in prices of miscella
neous vegetables. String and Wax Beans were
In light supply and cleaned up quickly, -while
Llmns> ruled firm, with a few sales reported
at 5c per pound. Good Tomatoes were steady,
while poor lots continued to drag at irregular
prices.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 600
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 30 per
cU; Sweet Potatoes $1@1 20 per ctl.
ONION? — Jlffl 15 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75ef3$l 25 per
sack or crate; String Beans, 2VS1?3c per
lb; Wax Beans, 4@4%c per lb; Lima
Beans, 3%(g4c per lb; Tomatoes, 15®
40c per box; Summer Squash. :{5@t!0c per
box: Cabbage. 75c per ctl: Carrots. 75c per sack:
Cucumbers. 35®50c per box; Garlic. 4iif*4%c
per lb; Egg Plant, 33@50c par box: Dried Pep
pers, nominal; Green Okra. 35<550c per box:
Green Peppers. 35@50c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. $15 p«r ton. . .
Poultry and Game.
1 i f •
I The third car of Western Poultry for the
week arrived yesterday and was turned over
to a leading retailer by the receivers. Trade
in the wholesale market was active and avail
able supplies of domestic stock cleaned up
readily. A particularly steady demand was
noted for young Roosters. Fryers and Broilers,
and those descriptions were quoted higher.
There were no changes in Game.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, old. 14®15c per
lb for Gobblers and 15<glCc for Hens; young
Turkeys. 20®22c per lb; Geeee. per pair $1 50
@1 75; Goslings, $1 7. r >«?2: Ducks, $4 50*85 per
dozen for old and $4 60@8 for young; Hens.
$4 50®5 for small and ?5 50£6 for large; young
Roosters $5@5 50; old Roosters. $4 COkSS; Fry
ers, $4<g4 50; Broilers, $."f?M 50; Pigeons, $1 25
per dozen for old and $1 50@2 for Squabs
OAME — Wild Doves. 75c@$l per dozen: Gray
1 Geese, $4 50 per dozen; Hare. $1^1 50 per
dozen: Rabbits, $1 75®2 per dozen for Cotton
tails and $1 50 for Brush.
I Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was no further change In anything
yesterday. The Butter market continued quiet
and featureless, with the general expectation
that weakness would develop In the event of
rain. Ranch Eggs were alao reported dull.
With more of a disposition to let go, even at
concessions, among dealers. Cheese, like the
other two products, was inactive at previous
prices.
Receipts wer« 21,700 lbs Butter, 60S casea
Eggs and 7800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 28c
for extras and 25(g'2Gc for firsts; dairy. 21@
24c; cold storage. 2tc; store . Butter. 17@2Oc;
Eastern creamery. 21%@23c; Eastern ladle
packed. 16@17c per lb.
CHEESE — 10011c for choice mild new and
8%@&%c tor lower grades; Young Americas,
ll@ll%c; Oregon, 9@llc; Eastern. 10@15c per
pound.
EGGS— Ranch. 39c for large white se
lected. 36S3.Sc for choice and 34®35c for
common; cold storage. 27%@30c: store, nom
inal: Eastern. 25© 28c for firsts and 22@24c for
seconds and 21c for bakers'.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The fruit market was still badly congested
with most varieties of table Grapes and. aa
all of the offerings were more or less wet
and unfit for shipment, the market was weak
at previous prices, and as usual large lines
had to b* carried over. Good dry lots were
wanted for shipment and would have brought
good prices had there been any available.
Occasional sales • of Muscats in ¦ large boxes !
were reported at $1 25. but for the general
market $1. was considered an extreme figure.'
Wine " Grapes continued to arrive freely and
ruled weak, with dealers trying to force sales.
Oregon Peaches were in good request at 50<g-G5c
per box, while offerings from Callfornian
points dragged, being mostly of Inferior qual
ity. The other deciduous fruits showed but
little change. Apples being the only descrip
tion to ahow any firmness. There was a scar
city of fancy Bellflowers. which were quoted
firm at $1 3591 50 per box. Strawberries and
Raspberries were in good supply and un
changed, while Huckleberries were higher.
Bananas did better, ripe stock being scarce.
STRAWBERRIES— $1@3 per chest for the
large varieties and $4$?6 for Cheney Berries.
RASPBKRRIES— $306 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 1O012%C per lb.
CRANBERRIKS— $2 6002 75 per box for
Coos Bay and $s.<HS 25 for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $1 26@1 BO for fancy. 85c@$l for
choice and 40®75c for common.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1 25@1 50 per box. in
cluding cold storage; Winter Nellls, 75c®
$1 25; other winter varieties 40<@75c.
PEACHES — 35®65c per box.
PLUMS— 60@75c for small and $1@1 25 for
open boxes.
PERSIMMONS — 75c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 4O@5Oc for small and
$1 25^1 60 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25<£fi0e per box.
FIGS— 60c@$l 25 per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 75c€$l per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 404175c per box; Watermelons,
$l(g3 per dozen.
GRAPES — Seedless from cold storage. 85c@
$1 per box; Isabella. 60®75c per crate; other
varieties, ¦ 25g*5Oc per small box or crate
and 50c@$l for open boxes; Wine Grapes, $121?
18 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $2 5O@3 50- per
box for Valenclas: Lemons. $2 50®3 for
fancy. $1 75@2 25 for choice and $1 2591 50
for Standard: Grape Fruit. $2 5063; Mexican.
Limes $4 80&5 per case; Bananas. $2@3 per
bunch for Central American and $1®2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, nominal.
Dried Fruit s,Nuts,Raisins } Honey.
The 'demand for new Walnuts is reported
heavy and almost all the new crop in the
'¦ south has already been disposed of..
The jobbing demand for Honey continues at
1 steady and unchanged prices.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 1%@0%e for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; -Nectarines,
8%©7o for White and 5%@CHc for Red;
Peaches, «%@8%c per lb; . Pears, 7@12c:
Plums, pitted. &S6%c for black. S@S%o
; for red and 7@8%o for yellow; Figs, 2 -crown
bricks, 50c; 3- crown, 55c; 4 -crown. 60c; 6-
NEW TOP.K. Oct. «.— Money 00 call, steady,
1\«2: offered at 2. Time loans, Heady; sixty
<!a.y*. 3 per cent; ninety days. 3>i; six months
Prime mercantile paper. 4'4ff5 per cent.
Sterling exchange slightly finnfr, with actual
bu*in»>5« in hankere' hills at $4 S.'/!CKfj4>r,.;r, for
demand an1 at *4.8.'J25I?4.R330 for elxty-cay
WHS. Po^tei rates. ?4 84 and $4 6«H: com
mercial bill*, J4 63.
Par silver, 57§4c.
Mexican dollars, 4r,* t c.
Govf-rnmeat bonds, e^sy. railroad bonds,
»tea(5y.
New York Money Market.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 6.— WOOL— Steady me
dium grRdes combing and clothing. 20®26c;
light fine. l«®20o: heavy fine. 12®16c; tub
washed, 22@35c.
I Trust will ba added to th« directorate of the
I Central. .
; The Central Trust Company ha» an author
ized capital of $3,000,000, of which $1,800,000
la Issued. An additional lesue will b« made
to absorb the Federal, and under the manage
ment of W. A. Irwln. manager of the Federal,
the trust department of the Central will be
developed.
STOCK AXD BON*D EXCHANGE. "
THURSDAT. Oct. •— 2 p. «•
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. As*. I Bid. Ask.
is qr coup..lOo%106TM4s qr cp new.rUNlMU
4s qr reg...l06%10dk!3s qr coup..-105»»lC6
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s — Oak T Co 6s. 120 —
A.to oil 5.: 73% - do 5- .... .msi«
Bay CPC »«.1O1 102 Do con 8s. 101% —
Cal C O 5».102tt — Oceanic S 6«. — «5
Cal G & E g lOm Cabl* 6».12OH —
m * ct 8s. 81 81H!P«c a In ; 4s. - «
Cal-st C 5..112K — P E Ry 3»- -J?*^ 105
C C Wat 5s.98 — IPACH *•*?* —
EdL A P «al23 123 . I P & O R es.XU«4XI»
F A C H 6s. — — IPowell-st^6s. — —
Geary-st Bs.. 80 — I Sac EOARSs.lOO —
H CAS 8HS.10S — I SF & WV3s,lJJ —
DoJa »»V, 09 I Sierra. R 6s.. 111*4 — ,
Hon R T Ca.107% — I S P of A «• „
LAElecSs. — 104 <190»> 10SJ* —
L A Ry 5s..lU% — U910) .....1C9«4 —
LALCofe- — SPofC 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — <1905)Sr A.1C0 —
Do gtd fls.100 — (1905)Sr B.10OU —
LAP lem 58.102 — a9O«> KmiKHMi
Mkt-.t C «s.ll5 — I <iai2) .....1I3J, —
I Do lem 5r.U4 — SPC 1 eg »«-l"h """
MV* MtT5s.lO5 — I Do ttampd.109% —
NRR of C69.10B 106^' S PB R ««-»«,, —
Do 5s ....117 — IS V Wat 6S.104V. —
N P C R 5s.lO6 — I Do 4s 2drn.lOO —
NCR; h.. - 112 I Do 4s 3dm. W l « —
NCPCSa.— 99 I Dor mtgta OSVs 99
N S R R 5s. — 102 ! Stkn GAEUs. tt? —
O G L*H 3«. — 11O«4- U O A E 8s.lOSH —
O W gtd Ss. — IOO !
WATER STOCK3.
! Contra Costa — 86^1 Port Costa... — —
Marin Co... — 60 IS V Wat Co. SV« 38 •»
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. T^ 4 9 F O A E. 60% 61
Mutual EL. — 12 Stkn G A E. — 3»»
I Pac L Co... 58 6OU U G A K Co. — —
¦ • INSURANCE.
I Firem's Fnd.515 340 !
'BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — MO iL PA A... 130 -~
Anglo-Cal -.84 88 I Mer Trust.... — 2.^3
Bank of Cal. 420 — I Merch Es 50 3«H
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 ! S F Nationl. — —
First NaUonl — — I
¦ savings banks:
Ger S A L.2330 — I Sar A 1, 80. . — 100
Hum SAL.— — iSec Sav Bk.. — 42t
Mutual Sav. — 100 'Union T Co.. — —
S F Sar U.615 — I
STREKT RAILROADS.
California ..195 200 (Presidio — 42*4
Geary — 40 I
POWDER.
Giant 64 B4ii'Vigorlt — *K
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. «4 «5 |Makaw«U G. 29% —
Honokaa S C 15 15Vj! Onomea S C. 27S 2t>
Hutch SPC 9% 10 ! Paauhau S C. 15% 1314
Kllauea S C. — 4 HI
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.128 — |Oc»anJc S Co. 2«* —
Cal F C A. 99H10O I Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — 84 ' Pac C Bon.l5fi —
MV& MtTm. — 105 j Pae S Tel Co.113 113H
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Honokaa S Co 13 12<4
5 Hutchlnson S P C». 1O0O
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 37fc
30 Pacific State* Tel & Tel Co. .114 50
Street —
IOO Hawaiian Coml A Sugar «4 00
$6,000 .Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 9S 73
$5,000 Sacramento Elec Gas A Ry 8s. IOO 00
Afternoon Session.
Board
30 Cal Fruit Canners' Assn 9O 78
100 Honokaa S Co 1." o»
50 Makawell 2« 60
10 Pacific States T>1 A Tel Co... 114 87 V»
70 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
JUfO Oakland Transit 5 per cent.... 112 00
s Street —
$23,000 Sacramento Elec Qas * Ry 9s. 10O CO
j Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Aak.
B L Wat «s.lia 1154' 8 P C R 4s.lOU;iC2
Cal NW Ba.-llO — ISPCo 4*»*.101U102
M C Wat Bs.lOO — Sun Tel ««. ..IIS —
t Rl» I Will 5» — 105 Suttr-st R5a.lO4 —
> SF Drdk Ss.112 — I UR of SF 4s. S3<4 —
SF A NT 59.112^113 !
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
.Ala S Co... — SSHjLonA SF Bk. 53 — -
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Co. — $9%
Cal Cot Mils 80 -- Nev Nat Bk.193 —
Cal GAECor. 48U 48 N S R Co.. 9^i —
C Jockey C1.112H — N Cal P Co. _ »s;
Cal Powder.. 13O 145 ¦ Oak Bk 8s,\.13O —
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak T Con. 73 —
Cal T I A T. — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak — C3 Orphenm Co.. — 13*4
Chutes Co.. 6 6 PacC Cas Co. 125 —
City A C Bk — 120 Pac Sur Co. 105 —ir- 4
Cyp L Imp.. — 6«»|Paraf Paint.. 39 >'— ";
East Dynm.. — 375 I S F Drydock. — W
DpntPwd pfd — S7HISFASJ Coal.. 17U 20
Do com .. SO 37^a S J Wat C0.IO8H —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO A MTgbt.123 —
Fischer Thtr 05o S5c Swiss- A Bk..ll3 — :••
Frnch-A Bk.108 — Truck Eject.. — 12«4
Gas Con A.. 13 20 UR InC pfd. 5«U —
Hon© P Co.. 24 — J Do com ... 12^4 —
Morning Session.
Board —
230 Chuus Co 9 8©
5 United R R Inr Co pfd 37 0»
Street—
$1,000 S F A N P Ry 5 per cent 112 80
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 83 23
California Stock and Oif Exchange
Oil Stocks— - Bid. . Asked.
Apollo .' 40 ,
Associated Trust Cert 20 21
Caribou 4 50 5 00
Claremont 77H SO"
Four 57 88
Hanford 173 CO ISO OO
Home 185 150
Imperial M 00
Independence 29 . 30
Kern, old ? W
Kern River 10 00 12 50
Lion 01
Monte Criato <B . «4
Occidental of W. Va 03 «H
Oil City Petroleum -55 5«
Peerless 13 «» WOO :
R#ed Crude 1 35 1 5i>
Senator •••• *» »?..
Sovereign S3 33
Sterling 2 30 3 0O
Superior 08 - 09
Thirty-three -.-• « 23
Toltee t 05 HO
Twenty-eight 1° °° J1 °°
West Shore 1 45 2 25
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Improvem't. 1 33 1 50
Chutes Company 6 60 7 P0
Fischer's Theater .......... 1% 30
Northern California Power.. ..... » 0O
Trucke* Electric 11 00 . IX 75 •
SALES.
Forenoon Session. .
2300 Oil City Petroleum '. «3
Afternoon Session.'
Board —
80 Twenty-«!gbt Oil 10 0O
1000O11 City Petroleum .v -58
Wheat— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 00 25 00
Closing 23 J)0 25 00
Flour^—
Oponlng 31 65 32 70
ClOFins 31 55 32 70
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March.
Opening 7 6% 7 7%
Closing ~ 6 7 7H
Foreign Futures.
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows. pe r ib. in 100- Id bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Ptiwdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated, fc; Beet Granulated
a00-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners" A «c-
Magnolia A. 5.ttOc; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c; "D." 6.3Oc; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 60c more: 5O-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c: boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnor
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-flve barrels op its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7V t ®
7%c per «b; White Lead. 7 & ©7% c. according
to ouintlty.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed, 53c per gallon for boiled and
51c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 70c;
Bakers' A A, case*. $1 10#l 12: Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases,
65&S0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
5$c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. «3c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c: extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c- light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon Oil. -«c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: ra.w
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c: Astral. 19Vic;
Star, 10»4c: Extra Star. 24c; Klaine. 26c; Eo
cene 23c; Deodorised Stove Gasoline, In bulk,
16c; in cases, 22 &c; Benzine, In bulk. 13c; In
cases, 19»-ic: 8C-degree Gcfaollne, In bulk. 25c;
In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
COAL. — "Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 SO:
Beaver Hill $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay,
$5 BO: Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton: Coke.
$11 50S1-1 per ton In bulk and $15 tn sacks;
Rocky "Mountain descriptions. $3 50 pe r ehort
ton
BAGS— Grain Bags, .55-S3 25; San Quentin.
$4 60: Wool Bags. 30@32c; Fleece Twine. 7%c:
Fruit Bags, 0^»®T%c for white and 7c for
brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
j EASTERX MARKETS, j
English Salmon Market. !
The London Grocara* Gazette of F»pttn:b*r
17 eays of Salmon in Urarnjol:
"Alarka has be«n soia'w:.it quiet during
tha last week In consequence jf buyers ant Id
petir.g being able to secure tome bargains st
the salvage auctloo In London. The genera 1
tone U strady. Best Salmon has advanced
«.nd Is exceedingix Crm at higher tlmlts. i!u«*
i<» has been doo* In forward goods at criits
eon^lderabljr above thew* ruling ml tae preerrt
time. In London a good business has tten
done In fine Salmon, both on the «p:*t and lor
arrival, particularly tor the latttr at rnc*s
which mhow aa alvanoe of Cd on 1 lb tits sn-1
04 to Is on %-lb Oats. Alaska Is unchanged.
aithougii buciaeas has be«n interfered with !n
oo.n»e<iuence of buj-era awaiting lh# aujtiona
hcM br &lesan. R. Ljrw & Co. The lots on
offer, totaling nearly 16,000 ea^es. were w|:h
>¦-•. few exo*rtlons, more or less damaged, srd
¦»•.•-*. a fair amount of bidding, some gooi
prices were realized."
Grain Exports in September.
The loUewtDM tables tixrw th* exports of
Wnexi aad Barie/ froa 8aa Pranclsco by tea
'c September, 1904:
WHBA.T.
To — . , CastaU. Values.
Great Britain '-Y-'—i' 4O.ST0 $58,148
Kiv.aJiar. Islas£s ....... 1,451 2 3B6
Tabltt _ 70 114
Totals 4L891 $61,618
E*Ft«aber. »03 62,711 76,720
BAHLET.
To — Centals. Values.
Creat Britain 239.922 $2>«2.Stt4
l{a«-a!ian IslaaOs 83.240 37.687
CcntraJ Azacrioa ........,, 600 611
Tahiti SS4 404
M'x'.co >.. 20 24
Totals 274,016 $321,792
September. 1903 707.273 844.619
The totals for September, lyOS, include 546,-
D£l centals of barley &nd 47,703 centals of
-nheet for Grea.t Britain, 83,983 centals of bar>
'¦•>-* 645 cer.tt.Is of wheat for the Hawaiian
Ifflande. 326,7e5 centals of barley for Belgium
and (006 centals of wheat for Japan.
The Coffee Market.
The New Tork circular of Henry Nord
linepr A Co. says: "Tbe moet oonserv-a-tlve
}n>U5=es In Brazil h»"re all reflaeed their eeti
• -¦'! of the sice of the. current crop, fo that
ih*y are now nearly uniform and report a
J».O<tft.<V»O-biLg crop.
"For the purpose of cotDparison we gire a
fctatement of th« production and consumption
r.r Rio and Bantos Coffee during recent years
fcji-i of what It probably will be thh) year:
Production cf Rio and Santo*— 1901-02. 1.-..439.
rxtt) bags; 1902-03. 12.324.000 bagi; 1303-04.
10,407.000 bags; ertlmated 1004-05, 9.C*W0fK>
l>ag». Conyuniytlon of Rio and Santos — 1901-02.
31.O4S.O00 hag»; 1902-03, 11.CS5.000 bags; 1903
«>4. 10.900.000 bagi; esUmated 1904-05, 11,000,-
CKH) ba«s.
•*Th» vislli'.e supply of the woria Is row
the highest tn the history of the articie. It
?"xpe^ds the previous highe«t record by about
SiitvOC*"' baps, which Is really not an Important
increp.se, as It amounts to only aboat 2 j er
cent.
•'In Iwkirg ahead we find that th^re w.ll
t»? a raci-sl charge in the statistical poett:< n.
We calculate that for the nrxt nine moahs
the receipts of Rio and Santoo will be about
4 r^>0.<Hio bags, at Victoria and Bahla aoout
r.o.'».<^rf> bap». which would »rtve va a total
filii'.tional sttrrly of Brazils for the following
lrir:*- months of 5.000.000 bags.
••ConFumption of Brazil Coffee during these
rii^ months will amount to at least 3 OOO.OCO
yap:- so that after the expiration if that ie
r¦¦^'i Umtc tt1!1 be about 4.000.00Q ritfy Uta
Trazi; CofTf-e existing in the world than rhtre
s-v a» present.
TTbUe no 'hormiKhly reliable irtcrmsilcn
r»n bo obtained with repard to -re quantt.y
that wl'l probably come forward cf *hese oib"r
BTcvtba during this crop year rind next, ;r.ire
!? a uniformity in the reports re;»lvcl ty vs
to the efTert tl.at there will be fully one" and
e half rr.mion »>ags less receiv?d ;n Kurtpe
«r. 3 the Vnitod State* of these crov.ns clurini?
V.>>4-(& than was received last year; eo f at
ell in ail \re have the worrt possloJe ?r~tis
tical r^^itlon of Ooffe* bf-hind us. an<J we an
row- Ptartlr.jr on the roa'l toward improvoment
"lnn'.rarionm so far point to a considerable
csrtallmcst In the production of Santos Ooffi*
Tl : e first and second flowering In the Stale r't
Pao Paulo if generally r«rp.>-te.l a.« having
1<rr poor. The weather conditions In that
l-tate <!i;rir«r th^ year •wv-re •¦nf4.v.}r.->h!i to the
tr*e«. The netrl*-ct of pla.r.t*t.lan^. which »*s
a fO'<vrt »-on<!ition dir»c:1y ir»<~ib!» -.<> the
low- i-iices whi'.-h have bo;n r-iilng during re
cent years. Is Fhowing Its rccntti in more pro
rour.ced form rhan htretofore. an-1 whilf it is
too early to form any poslifw* conVosUma \tli;i
r«-card to the txtent of the ileterLvilion In
«r.U reduction of the crop 'n that State, It
»ould not be surrrifiriK io u.« to Uarn that
the production of Santos Cottas !or 1905 GO
•will be lets than half cf what tt was in
1HC1-C2."
« — __»
HOGS — Rectipts, 5000 head: market steady to
10c lower. Bulk of sales, $5 60*^5 90; heavy.
$5 K(Vg. r , 95: packers, $5 70@5 95; pigs and
llglif?. J5 50@5 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000 head: market strong.
Muttons, $3t?3 80; lambs, $4(g5 15; range
wethers $3 25®S 90: ewes, $2 75@3 60; Utah
lambs. 74 pounds, $5 10; Utah yearlings, 88
pounds, $3 80.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 6. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, liirni) head: market steady to strong.
Native steers, $.4£t6 10; native cows and heifers,
$1 5O#4 50; stoekers and feeders, $2 50^4 25;
bullf, $1 75@» 25; calves, $2 60@5 50; Western
steers. $3@4 r>0; Western cows, $1 50<g:J 50.
Kansas City.
OMAHA. Oct. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3100
head; market strong. Native steera, 94(gX> 10;
cows and heifers, $2 40<@8 40; Western steers,
?;5g4 50; Texas steers. $2 75(j?3 60; range cows
and heifers, $2 25@3 75; canners, $1 WX&S 10;
stockers and feeders, $2 25JM; calves, $3@5 60;
bulls and stazs, $1 50«2 80.
HOGS — Receipts. 6700 head: market 5c lower.
Heavy. $5 65(&o 70: mixed, $5 70©5 75; light,
$5 Tr.wr. SO; pigs. $5@5 60; bulk of sales. $5 70
@5 75:
SHEEP — Receipts. 26,000 head; market
steady. Western yearlings, $3 60@4;,. wethers,
$3 40®3 SO: ewes, $3&3 M; common and stock
ers, $2 25@3 75; lambs, $4 40®4 90.
HOGS — Receipts 15.000 hfad, to-morrow
12,000 head: market 5iixl0c lower. Mixed and
butchers, $5 50(a<> 20; good to choice heavy,
S5 9Oetl 20; roush heavy. $5 40@5 75; light,
f5 7(V(i<; 1O; bulk of Bales. *5 OO©*J 05
SHEEP — Receipts, 25,000 head; sheep and
lambs, dull and lower. Oood to choice weth«rs,
'$.'{ 7(i'g4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 25@:; 70:
Western shefp. $.'5@4 20; Western lambs, $3 90
65 45.
- ; ' ' Omaha.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6. — CATTLE — Receipts,
12.WS0 head, including 3C00 Westerns; market
nt-eady to 10c higher. Good to prime steers.
$5 (<0®ti 60; poor to medium. $3 75®5 40:
stockors and feeders. ?2 25@4 25; cows. $1 35
@4 50; hRifers, $2(g." 25; canners, $1 35@2 40:
bulls, fJX3i 30; calves. $307 25; Texas fed
steeis. $:j 50JJ5 50; Western steers, $3(84 75.
Chicago
I CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
There is plenty of everything coming In to
supply the demand and prices stand aa before.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5®7c for Steeri and 4©3c per Jh
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, «%@7%c: small. 7®Sc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7©7%c; Ewes. 6©7c per
pound.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. f»«8c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 40@
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7H@7%c: Cows and Htlf
ers, 5%©«%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — »34%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%e?%e: Ewes. 3®3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— *2 60<fJ2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c:
200 to £50 lbs. 4%c: 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 per cent oft; Boars. 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
Meat Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 6.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creameries. 14@2Oc: dairies, 13@17c. ChJ»f«.
firm. 10@l0%c. Eggs, steady at mark, cases
Included, 14617%c.
Buffer, Clires>: and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Oct. 0.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
?1 12<Z?1 15; No. 8, $1 05@l 12; No. 2 red.
|1 09%©! 11%: No 2 com, 61»«®54%c; No 2
yellow, 51c: No. 2 oats, 31%«32%c; No. 2
white. -«l%c; No. 3 white, 30%©32c; No. 3
rye, 76%c: good feeding barley, • 37c; fair to
choice malting. 38fT4Kc: No. 1 flax seed. $1 04
@1 12; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 14; prime tim
othy seed, $2 4Og2 50; nan pork, per bbl,
11155^1165: lard, per 100 lbs. $7 87%; short
rib sides (loose). $7 »O<88 10; short clear sides
(boxed), 8%@8%e: whipky. basis of high wines,
fl26%: clover, contract grade. $12 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 38,400 38,200
Wheat, bushels 112,000 OO.ijOO
Corn, bush-le 1M.400 Ml.flOO
Oato. bushels 366.900 2?3/jO0
Rye, bushels T.OOO 8,:;uO
Barley, bushels 244.100 27,100
Cash Grain and Proi'isions.
value. $3,945,000. United States old 4s de
clined % per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton A Co., 490 California street.
San FranciBco, members of the New York
Istoek Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales. Stocks— iHlghiLow. Bid. | Ask.
Adams Express 230 250
60.000lAmalg Copper... 61% 60% 60% 61
JAmer Can Co <S% 6%
| Do p(d 48% 49
700i Am Car & Fdy. 23 22% 22% 22%
400| Do pfd 82 81% 8!% Sl%
lOOjAmer Cotton Oil. 29 29 29 29%
2.100 Do pfd 90 89 SS 92
Am Diet Tel 23 27
Amer Express 205 212
Am Grass Twine 5% 6
Am Hide & Leath 4% 5
Do pfd 19 20
1.000 Amer Ice 7% 7% 7% 7%
1.600J Do pfd 33% 33% 33% 33%
Am Unseed 11% 14%
I Do pfd SO 85
1,500 Am Locomotive. 29% 25% 25% 26
Do pfd ..J 95 96
Amer Malt 4% 4%
Do pfd 21% 21%
4,600 Am Smelt ft Ref 67 65% 65% 66
1,600 Do pfd 106% 106 100 100%
2.600 Amer Sugar.... 132% 132 . 131 131%
Do pfd 132 133
Am Tel_* Tel 139% 140
Am. Tob pfd 144% 146
Ajner Woolen 13% 14%
Do pfd 82 83%
1.100 Anaconda »5% 92 97 99%
Ann Arbor 28 32
Do pfd 60 65
60,000 A. T 4 B F ! 83% 82% K>%| 82%
5.000 Do pfd 100%'ICO 99%|100
10. 500 'Bait & Ohio 91 !«» 90% U0%
100, Do ptd i 93 I 03 93 | 04
42,000 B R T 59% 67% -5S% 58%
'Brooklyn Un Gas' 1220 225
[Brunswick D & I| | 0».4
IButtertck Co | | 49 49%
100;Cana<3a Southernll31% 131%i:U%|132
8, 400, Canadian Pac...J33% 131%|131%|132
7.300C & 0 44% 43% 43% 44%
100 C* A 40 40 39% 40%
Do pfd 81 85
C & E I pfd J128 150
C I ft L pfd I 80 89
2,200 C ft G W 16% 10% I 1»5% ltt%
AGO Do A pfd 55 | 66 55 56
Do'B pfd 1 25 25%
Do debs 84 85
2.eOO'C & N W 191 |1S7 1185 185%
34.900iC M & St P 1OT »« lt>3 165 165%
I Do pfd |182 185
15.400IC R 1 & P (new) 28% 28% 28% 28%
4,300; Do pfd 72% 71 71% "1%
| Do 4s 76% 77
...:Chicago Terminal; 6% 7
I j Do pfd 1 14 15
I iChicago Un Tracj j 7% 7%
I j Do pfd -j 36% 40
IC C C & St L.. 83%, 82% 82% 83
Do pfd 109 110
Cieve Lor & W. C2
Do pfd | 83
ROO.Colo Fuel ft I.. 36% 35% 35% 36
IColum H -C ft I. j r 12% 1V!*4
600 Colorado So 19 j 18% 18% 19
500i Do 1st pfd ... 51%i 51 51 51%
I Do 2d pfd I '2*i 2tJ%
400'Con«ol Gaa 210% 1210% |210% 211
lOOlCon Tob pfd 123% 123%
600Corn Products .. 15% 15 15 15%
Do pfd 70% 71
JDel ft Hudson ;.... 172 172%
100 D L ft W 290 295
300!D ft R G 28% 28% 28% 28%
500', Do pfd 81% 61% 80 81%
iDes M & Ft D 24 26
(Detroit Un Ry.. 71% 71 71 71%
.Detroit Southern 4 4%
I Do pfd 7 7%
Diamond Match >... 130 135
iDistill Secur 28 28%
jDie Secur bonds 70 70%
ID S S ft A pfd 12% 13%
44,900Erie 83% 32% 32% 32%
3.000 Do 1st pfd ... 69% 68% 68% 68%
! Do 2d pfd 47% 47 46% 46^
E & T H 58 69%
! Do pfd 75 85
'Ft W & D C 45 48
!G«n Chemical 171% 172
I Do pfd 94% 97%
800 Gen Electric 1173 172 172 173
| Great No pfd i 180 1S5
28. 54O| Green Con Cop.. 20% l»%| 20% 21
'Hocking Val 81 SO%! 80>4 80%
I Do pfd 1 88 89%
3,400'llllnols Central .1143% 142%tl42% 142%
ilnter Paper 17% 18
I Do pfd 75% 76
'Inter Power 62 53
jlnter Pump 32 34
! Do pfd ! 78 79%
llowa Central 24% 25'i.
I Do pfd | 45 4«
iKanawha A-Mloh 33% :{«
!KC FtS &M pfd! 77% 77 77. 77%
Kans City So \ 23% 24%
I Do pfd 1 44% 46
iKeokuk & Des M! 14 16
|Laclede Gas pfd.l 80 100
ILake E ft West.l 31% 31%
I Do pfd ! 91 100
'Long Island 5.% 68
4,600'L & N 12SV, 12T% 127>; 127%
800|Ma.nhattan 154% 154 153%!lB4%
j Do Beach | 9 12
C0.000 Metrcpol Seeuri. S2%! SO 80%! 80%
l.OWMetropol St Ry.1120%1118% 1U»%!11»%
l.CWMvxlcan Central. 14U 1.1% 13%j 14
jMlnn A St L. ........ ...... HC J 57%
Do. 1st pfd i..; !»5 98
>M, S P & S S 11 78% 79
Do pfd ;....' . 130% 131
l.SWM, K ft T 25% 25 25 25%
2,0tt)i Do pfd 52% 60% SO 14 51
25,000!Misiiourl Pacific. 100% 09 99 99%
K. C ft St L..... 1125 126
7,700'NeUona! Lead... 24 22% 22% 22%
I Do ofd 96 92 89% 92
IN R R of M pM '. 39 " 40
J00 National Biscuit 48% 48%
i Do pfd 110 111
jN J Central 180% 181
N Y Air Brake 133 136
100,W. \ T Ontral.... 130 128 129%il28%
200]N T C ft Rt L :.. 31 32%
I Do 1st pfd 110 120
j Do2dpfd..., 64 69%
JN Y Drydock ..' 14 18
N Y. N H & H;. 1$>1% 19.1%
MOWN Y O, ft W.... 35% 34 34% 34%
2.900'Norfolk ft W. . . 71% 71 71 71%
..! Do pfd ,... flO [92
iNorth American 94 . 85
7.60O:North Securities 114% 112% 112%' 113
Omaha I [140 1150
Do pfd ! lisa I
O. P L 4s 102 1103
Pacific Coast 64 • B6
Do 1st pfd PS 1C5
Do 2d pfd..... ...:; 75% 77
POO Pacific Mall 34%l 33% 33% 33%
75,00OPer.n n R Co... 134 1132% 132% 133
3.400! P«op>'B Oas ... 103 1101% 101% 1 102
Pere Marquette. 75 ISO
P. C. C ft St L m I 70«
Do pfd 100 108
l.SOOPr Steel Car 34 32% JKM; S2%
IOO! Do pfd 79% 7J»W. 70% 80
.... .7. iPullman Car Co 220 221
!Ry S Bprings Co 22 23
P.eadlng 70% 68% 70 70%
I Do 1st pfd 1 65 R<5»4
100 Do 2d pfd 77% 77% 77 78'
2,300 Republic S & I.! 10?i 10% 10% 10%
1100 no pfd : 5iH«5i»4l-5i% 51%
...:... Rubber Goods... 20% 2O%| 20% .2O?<,
Do pfd .,.., ,79 .70%
S S S ft I Co .: .V.i. 40% 41%
St J ft G I ?• ..... '15 17
Do 1st pfd .46 - 60-
Do 2d pfd..... ...:.. 24V 26'
SL ft SF 1st pfd ...... ....'. 72' 75'
700! Do 2d pf d 89 • 68% J5S% ,5» •
700tSt L ft B W.... 21%! 21% 31% "31%
500 Do pfd 49 I 4S% 47% 48%
C5.500 Southern Paciflc. r.»%| 68% 66% BR»^
6,300 South-am Ry ... S3 32% 32% 32*
1.200' Do pM. 84% 84 .84 194%
ISUndard Oil «8 1640
(Stand R A T 1H 2
6.000;Tenn C ft 1 49% 48% 4S% 49
LOOO'Texas Paciflc ... 82% 82% 82 82%
(Third Avenue 128% 128%
tTol. Ry ft T Co 22% 23%
!Tol. St L ft W SO 31
I Do pfd ..... 49% 49%
JOOTwln City R T. 101% 101% 101% 101*4
UBftP S 8%
Do pfd -.: :...". 65 68%
Cl.eOOIUnion Paciflc ..- 103% 102% 102% 102%
I Do pfd .-... 93% 94
Do ccnv 4s 1OS« 107
..:.... O Rds of S F ..... 12%
"....;.. Do pfd B8
Do 4'» ; 83 .....
Although San Francisco brokers have been
quoting a quieter market during the past day
or two. telegrams from Portland report the
market' In Oregon still excited and rising, with
sales as high as 31%c per lb. with those
growers who still hold their Hops expecting to
get 35c for them. If the present rate of buy-
Ing keeps up much longer there will be no
stock at all remaining in growers' hands In
two or three weeks. As It Is. they ara re
duced to practically nothing now.
Wool and Hides continue In demand and
firm at previous prices.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about y.®lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers lOUc; medium. 9%c; light. 9«; Cow
Hides 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 10c; Salted Veal, lie; Salted
Calf ll%c; dry Hides, lC%®17c; dry Kip. 13^»
14c; dry Calf 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings 2*9
to<: each: short Wool. 40tM>5c each; medium.
75®00c: long Wool. $1«?1 50: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75 for large and $2@2 50 for medium,
fl 25®1 75, for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium, $1©1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican 23c; dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c: extra large do,
$1 25: large 50c; medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4%c per lb;
No 2, 3%c; Grease. 2%#3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— Ean Joaquln and South
ern 9<5llc; Southern. 8®9c; Southern Moun
tain 0<yilc-. Middle Counties, free. 12914c;
do, defective. I<xffl2c; Northern free. 12@14c;
do defective. 10<gl2c; Humboldt and Mendo
ciiio. 14@l5e per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop, 26©30c p,er lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel 8%c: three
half bbls. 8%o; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
Previous prices and conditions prevail. The
market is quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11 %c per Ib for
heavy, ll%c for light medium. 14c for light.
14 %c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10%c; Bellies. 12c:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. ' 14c: Cali
fornia Hams. 13%c; Mess Beef. $10310 50 par
bbl; extra Mess. $U©11 50; Family. $12©12 30;
prim* Mess Pork. $14 50; extra dear. |24;
Mess $18; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$26; Pigs' Feet. $»; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «%o per lb for
California compound. 7o for Eastern compound
and 10c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 10%c;
10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb tins,
lie. . ; •
Provisions.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Nezo York stocks irregular but generally lower. j
Cotton lower. Coffee statistics bullish.
Local financial quctaiions shoxv slight variation.
Damp JVhcat and Barley coming in freely.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Bran and good Hay firm and in demand.
No further change in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in liberal supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
New South-em Walnuts already well cleaned up.
Provisions still quiet in all positions.
Oregon advices report Hops excited and still rising.
Cattle. Sheep and Hogs in ample supply.
• U S C I P 13% 1SK 13% 13%
Do pfd 61% 61% 61 62%
•' U S Express 114 118
1.800 U S Leather 9% 9% »% 9%
400 Do pfd 87% 87U 87 87%
U S Rubber 23% 23 '23 23%
400 Do pfd 79% 79 79 73%
18,900 U S Steel Cor... 18% 17% 17% 18
108,400 Do pfd 75% 74% 74% 74"&
Va-Car Chem Co.. 34 34%
| Do pfd l0C»i 107
2.000 Wabaeh 20% 19% 19% 20%
2,900 Do pfd 41?* 40% 40% 41
Do deb B> 64% 64% 04% 64%
iWells-Fargo Ex 237 245
300 Western Union.. 91% 91% 91% 92
Weetinghouse ..164% 164 164 165
Do pfd 188 195
JW & L E 17% 17%
t Do 1st pfd 44 45%
Do 2d pfd 24% 23%
800 Wisconsin Cent. . 20 19% 19% 1»%
1.0001 Do pfd 44% 43% 43% 44
!South Pac Pfd 116% 110%
996,100 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l04%|L & N unified 4s. 101%
Do coupon 104 :L 4 ; Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 3s reg 104 'i! Mex Central 4s... 68V*
Do coupon 106%| Do ltt inc 16%
Do new 4s reg.l31%j Minn & St L 4s.. 94%
Do coupon i:U%|M. K & Texas 4s. 101%
Do old 4s reg.lOt'%1 Do 2ds 81%
Do coupon lOO^feJNR of Mex con 4s 77%
Atch gen 4s 102 IN T C gen 3%s..l00
Do adj 4s 98 N J C gen 5s.... 134%
Atlantic C L 4s. 98%iNor Paciflc 4s 104%
Bait & Ohio 4«..102%! Do 3s 74%
Do 3^-s l»5%|Nor & W con 48.100%
Central of Oa 5s.ll2%|OSL 4s &. partlc. 99%
Do 1st inc 82V, Pa conv 3%s 100%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO»%f Reading gen 4s... 100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 81 ISL&IM con 5s.ll5%
C. B & Q new 4s. 07% | S L & S F fg 4s. 86%
CM &SP gn 4s.lC9%|St Louis SW Ists. U8%
C & NW con 7s.l28%| Seaboard A L 4s. SI
C. R I & Pac 4s. 76%|So Pacific 4s 94%
Do col 6s .86% So Railway 5s U7Vi
C.CC & SLgn 4S.102 1 Tex & Pac lsts.120
Chi Term 4s 78 | Tol. St L & W 4s. 79
Cons Tobacco 4s. 72%! Union Pacific 4s.lO5%
Colo & So 4s 86 | Do conv 4s 100%
C F & I con 5s. 75 |U S Steel 2d 6s.. 83%
Den & Rio G 4s.l('0%! Wabaah lsts 118
Erie prior lien 4s. 99 j Do deb B 64%
Do gen 4s 88 I W & L Erie 4s. .. *0%
F W & D C lets.UOi/.i Wis Central 4s... 90%
Hock Val 4%s...lO8%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20* Little Chief 08
Alice 35iOntario 8 50
Breece 16! Ophir 2 60
Bruns Con 06' Phoenix 18
Com Tunnel .... 10; 1'otosi 10
Con Cal & Va... 2 251 Havafre 33
Horn Silver '1 5O Sierra Nevada.... 42
Iron Silver 1 95 Small Hopes 27
Leadvllle Con 02| Standard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 17%
Call loans 2®3| Do pfd 74%
Time loans 4#5| Westing Common. 91
Bonds — ! Mintng —
Atchlsbn 4s 101%l Adventure 3%
Do adj 4s 93% Allouez 12%
Mex Central 4s... 66 Amal Copper 60%
Railroads — | Amer Zinc 11%
Atchison S2%! Atlantic 12*4
Do pfd 100 IBingham 27%
Boston & Albany.24SU' Calumet & Hecla.620
Boston & Maine. 164% | Centennial 27%
Boston Elev 153% I Copper Range ... 67%
Fitchburg pfd. .. .138%! Daly West 13%
Mex Central 13%lDom Coal B6
N Y. N H & H.. 192HI Franklin «
Pere Marquette. . . 78 iGrancy ". ... 8%
Union Pacific 102%! Isle Royal* 20
Mlscellanec*js — ! Mans Mining 5'-i
Ame r Arge Chem. 15% Michigan 6%
Do pfd 77 Mohawk 47
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 131 Old Dominion ... 20K
Do pfd '..132 Oseeola 82%
Amer Tel & Tel.. 139% Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... 14»i|Qulncy 90
Do pfd 81% I Shannon 5'4
Dom Iron & S 14 | Tamarack HR
Ed Elect Ilium. ..257%l Trinity 7%
Gen Electric 171 US Mining 22%
Mas.* Electric... 13% U S Oil 10%
Do pfd 66U Utah 41
Mas* Gas 42%' Victoria 4
United Fruit 102 I Wlnona 8%
Un Shoe Mach... 52%) Wolverine ......: 99 -
Do pfd 30?; ! >j \ M
London Closing Stocks.
Cons money... RS 11-16' N T Central..... 13414
Do acct S8 13-lC'Nor ft Western... 73%
Anaconda 5 I Do pfd .92
Atchinon KR%IOnt & Western... 3.V-;
Do pfd Ift3 | Pennsylvania 6S%
Bait &: Ohio 0.t %t Rand Mines JC%
Can Paciflc 1 37% I Reading 3">%
Ches & Ohio 45%| Do 1st pfd 44
Chi Great West. 17U| Do 2d pfd 39 3 «
Chi.' Mil & St P. 192 "So Railway 34
De Beers 1R%| Do pfd 9T%
Den & Rio G 29^ I So Paciflc 61
Do pfd S4%! Union Paciflc ior.%4
Erie 34%! Do pfd 95%
Do 1st pfd 7t%|U S St«~l 1S%
Do 2d pfd 49 ! Do pfd 77
III Central 1471JI Wabanh 21%
LouU & Nash.... 132 ! Do pfd 4.1
M. K A Texas... 26 [Spanish 4s R6%
Bar silver — DmII. 26 9-16d per ounce.
Money — 101% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
ehort bills Is 2 l-lGflZi*, per cent and for three
months' bills 214©^'.; per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 6. — To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance, $151,907,561: gold. $78,012,098.
New York Cotton Market.
XEW YORK. Oct. 6.— Cotton futures opened
steady; October, 10.08c; November, 10.14c; De
cember, 10.18c; January, 10.24c; February,
10.25c bid; March, 10.35c; April, 10.35c; May,
10.86c.
Cotton futures closed easy: October, 9.97c;
December. lOc; January, 10.05c; February,
lo.irtc; March, 10.13c; April, 10.15c; May,
10.19c.
Spot closed quiet, 15 points lower. Middling
Uplands, 10.45c; Middling Gulf, 10.70c. Sales,
095 bales.
Nezv York Grain and Produce*.
NEW YORK. Oct. 6.— FLOUR— Receipts,
83,500 barrels; exports, 0750 barrels; sales,
2100 barrels. Market dull In sympathy with
the decline In wheat.
WHFAT— Receipts. .1500 bushels. SDOt. No.
2 red. $1 15% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern
Duluth. $1 20'i f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. From start
to finish wheat was under bear control, yet
the greatezt heaviness came In the last hour,
when nto»-Ioss Belling and the demoralized
corn market Dromoted a severe break. Poor
cable* and continued liberal Northwestern re
ceipts added to the late depression. Lait prices
were l%!ffl%c net lower. Pales included:
May. ?1 11®1 12. closed $1 11%; December,
$1 13 :m<;.t?i 15, closed 91 18%.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady. .
WOOL — Steady. "
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refininc, 3$«c;
centrifugal, 06 test. 4 6-16c; molasses sugar,
8%c. Refined, nulet; crushed, 8.75c; pow
dered. 6.15c; granulated, 5.05c. -
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed at a decline of 10&15 points. ' Sales,
'.04.000 bags, including" October at 6.55c; No
vember. fi.40*j; December, 6.85®0.90c; May,
7.20ffl7.50c; July. 7.85®7.60c; September, 7.60
©7\65. Sjwt Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 8%c;
mild, quiet.
BUTTCR-rUnchanged.
CHEESK — Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Th« market Ib
quiet, moeting with a very light demand at
the low level, with futures still showing
weakness and affecting the tone -of the spot
market. Common. 45J4%c; prime, 5c; choice,
5%(^6c: fancy. e%@7c.
PRUNES— Seem to be showing a little firmer
tone, with const- advices reporting a better
demand and reducing estimates of the crop.
Spot quotations range from 2c to ~%c, ac
cording to crude.
APRICOTS— Are in light supply. Choice are
quoted at 0%c; extra choice, 10»i©10%c;
fancy. 11 Q 13c.
PEACHES— Are - without material change
Choice are quoted «t 8V t e8%c; extra* choice,
8%©9c; fancy. »%®10c.
* r- — — _j(.
I Chicago Board of Trade, j
delivery from commission houses. The advance
in prices, however, was Email, May selling up
to $1 11% and December to Jl 11%. A reac
tion soon occurred on scattered selling. During
the remainder of the day the tendency was
toward a lower level. The downward trend
was given momentum by figures showing an
Increase in primary receipts for the day
amounting to 33 per cent compared with those
for the corresponding day a year ago. Extreme
weakness of corn had a depressing influence on
the wheat market. As the day advanced the
selling became general, many stop- loss orders
coming out on the decline. The low point of
the day for December was at $1 09% and for
May at ?1 09%. The demand improved consid
erably during the last few minutes of trading,
a report of good flour sales at Minneapolis fur
nishing the stimulus to buying. The market,
however, closed weak, with December at
$1 ttn-%. Final quotations on May were at
|1 09%®|l 10.
A fear that the Government crop report due
Monday will indicate a big yield caused gen
eral liquidation ' of corn. A Cincinnati trade
Journal estimated the total" yield at 2.400,000,
000 bushels. The market broke severely. De
cember closed l%@t%c lower at 49 %c.
In sympathy with the weakness of other
grains the oats market was subjected to' con
siderable selling pressure. December closed
%c lower at 30%c.
The decline in corn had a weakening influ
ence on provisions, but covering of January
lard by shorts nearly offset this bear factor.
At the close January pork was oft 2%G5c, lard
was up 7%c and ribe were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged aa follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 1 00% 109% 107% 107%
December 1 11. *» 1 11% 1 09% 1 09%
May 11134 1»% 109% 110
Corn No. 2 —
October 60%
December 61% 61% 49% 49%
May iS% 48% 40% 4T%
: Oats No. 2 —
i October 30% 30% 30 30
December ..... 31% 31% 30% 30%
May 33% 38% 32% • 32T,
Mess Pork, oer bbl —
October 11 00 11 60 11 52% 11 55
December 11 65 11 66 11 62% 11 65
January 13 25 13 40 13 20 13 30
Lard, per 100 lbs—
October 7 60 7 72% 7 60 7 70
; December 7 52^ 7 55 7 52% 7 55
January 7 52% 7 60 7 62% 7 60
May 7 57% 7 65 7 57% 7 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
I October 7 95 7 05 7 92% 7 92%
! January 6 90 6 92% 6 87% 8 90
I May 7 00 7 00 6 97% 6 97%
crown. 65c; bulk white. 2%©3c; black. 3%c
Evaporated Apples. 5%«$7c per 1b.
PRUNES— l%@l«ic per lb for th* four •»»•¦
and 2Uc basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop t. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters $2 25©2 60; Dehesa, SI S3@2;
London Layers. 80c€*l: Loo»* MuscaUla. 4
crown, 3%@4c: 3-crown. S@3*»c; 2-crown.
2%©2Tic; Seedless. 2%©2«e; Floated. 2%e:
Seeded. 3%@5%c; Thompson's Seedless. 4^6:
Seedless Sultanas. 3©3Hc;. 1903 crop— Loose
Muscatels 2@2%c; Seedless, l*ic; Floated. 2c:
Paciflc. l%@"2V4c; Seeded. 3%@4%c; Malagas.
l»*S?i",ic per lb: Seedless Sultanas. 2c.
NUTS — New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. lie;
No. 2 9c: No. 1 hardshell. 10%c; No. 2. S%c:
Almonds lti@17c for Nonpareils. 14©14%c for
I X L. 13014c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Languedoc; Peanuts, 6£$?c for Eastern; Pe
cans. 11013c: Cocoanuts. $4 5O©5; Chestnuts.
lCXglSc per lb.
HONEY— Comb, ll%@13c for white and 109
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%0
6c; light amber extracted. 3@5Hc; dark, 3#
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27©20c per lb. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. OCTOBER 7, 1904.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
100 Horses for Sale
J. V. BUTTON will sell at PUBLIC AUC-
TION. ONE HUNDRED HORSES, broken
and unbroken, weighing from 100© to 1300
pounds. This Is the third and last consign-
ment of the doable square horses which will
ba offered at auction this season and are th*
best all -purpose horsea avar offered for sal*
on this market.
Sals Tikes Place MONDAY, Oct. 10
At J. B. HOBArs'sUESYABD,
Cor. TENTH and BRTANT 8T3.
Horsea can be seen at yards aay day previ-
ous to gale.
Complete Dispersal Sale
OP
OCCIDENTAL
HORSE EXCHANGE,
246 THIRD STREET.
Everything to be sold to the highest bidder,
without reserve; 50 head of Horses. Harness**.
Saddles. Buggies. Robes, Blankets. Offloe Fix-
tures. SCO Chairs, lease and good will, both ol
stable and pavilion. The latter th* finest sal*
mart west of Chicago; locality unsurpassed.
Sale takes place next
TUESDAY.. OCTOBER 11. 1904
Commencing at 11 o'clock.
Inspection solicited Sunday and Monday.
OCCIDENTAL STABLE9-LITTLE FOLK WHO HAVE ADDED GREATLY TO THE ENTERTAINMENT OF
THE PATRONS OF THE TEACHERS* ANNUITY BENEFIT AT THE CHUTES
BY THEIR CLEVER WORK ON THE STAGE.
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla has
taken gold medals against all other brands. •
After running several blocks \ to
catch S. J. Mitchell, who was driving
a stolen buggy, Policeman L. Corne
lius succeeded in overtaking him.
Mitchell was charged at the City Hall
police station with grand larceny. The
buggy belonged to W. F. Young, a
collector, who left it standing at the
corner of Fourth and Market streets.
Captures a Buggy Thief.
"When a woman ceases to take, any
interest in what other women wear,
it's. time to send for the doctor.
If , you want ,to enjoy the most picturesque
ride In California' take the excursion to Willlts
next Sunday, October 9. Round trip only $3. •
THROWN FROM STREET CAR. — Mrs.
Ann Thorea*. -"5 years old." while about to get
oft a Hayes-street car at Gough street yester
day, WSI thrown from the st*p to the ground
and sustained a fratfture of her rl?ht arm.
Pl>« was removed to the Centra! Emergency
Hospital for treatment.
The chief, captains and lieutenants
of police gave a dinner at the St Fran
cir. last night. Besides the police there
were present: Mayor Schmitz, Com
missioners Reagan, Drinkjiouse, Hut
ton and Howell,. Assistant District At
torney Ferral, Alfred Roncovieri. Her
bert Schmitz, Tax Collector Smith and
W. R. Hewitt. : Chief Wittman presid
ed «^. Following a . splendid repast,
speeches were ,; the order . of ':¦ the
ing, which were attentively listened to
and applauded: by. those present.
Police Give "Banquet.
Attempts to Stab Driver.
Rendered Insane by illness, Mrs.
Minnie Porter of 713 Potrero ave
nue yesterday concealed herself in the
basement of the City Hall, and when
Robert Burke, an Emergency Hospi
tal ambulance driver, passed by
sprang upon him in an attempt to stab
with a kitchen knife that she carried.
Burke's struggles with the woman
brought another ambulance driver,
named Harry' Pfuhl, to the scene, and
together the two men carried the
woman to the insane detention ward.
She is the wife of Henry J. Porter, a
plumber, now at work in the interior
of the State.
A. physician's diploma from the
Georgia University, bearing'the name
of. Thomas Judson Parks, was found
i it the possession' of Archie Hutchin
son, an ex-soldier, who ( was - brought
last night from Jefferson' Square Park,
where he had a fit, to the Central
Emergency Hospital. At first he said
he was Dr. Parks and told a wild
story. Hutchinson was brought to the
hospital on September . 17. suffering
from a. blow on' -the head,' which he
said was inflicted by Samuel; Aaron.
He refuses to say where he' got the
diploma.. - ;
Impersonates Doctor.
Eliminate from the blood the uric and
lactic acids that cause rheumatism by
using Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
It is also probable that the Gold
en Gate Orphanage will be removed
from Beulah to Lytton Springs.
It is the purpose of Commander
Booth Tucker to subdivide most of
the land into small fruit farms and
place poor families on them after the
method employed at Soledad, Cal..
and Amity. Colo. The large hotel at
Lytton will, in all likelihood, be con
verted into a sanitarium, with rates
reasonable enough to enable the
working classes to patronize it and
obtain the advantages of the mineral
waters.
Lytton Springs, one of the well
known health resorts and comprising
some 600 acres of land situated in the
heart of Santa Rosa Valley, has been
acquired by the Salvation Army. The
sum paid for the springs was $60,000.
Fruit Farms to Be Cultivated and
Working Classes May Have a
Sanitarium.
IiYTTON SPRINGS BOUGHT
BY SALVATION ARMY
The testimony was to the effect that
Reed had been acting, as motorman
for about six months; that in order to
check the great speed of the car as
it. was approaching the curve he put
on the rail brake, which brought the
car to a sudden stop and jolted from
the dummy the two men who were
killed. A large number of the 100
passengers on the car were injured.
It appeared also that the car on which
the accident occurred was one of the
old style with hand brakes instead of
air brakes and had been put in service
by the company to assist in handling
the large crowds frequenting the park
and ocean beach on Sundays. It was
the Impression among the Jurors that
if the motorman had not used the
rail brake the accident would not
have occurred. * ; • -•
The motorman accused by the jury of
being an "incompetent employe" was
Is. G. Reed. The conductor was E. A.
Kelly.
•We recommend that -legislation be enacted
requiring- the substitution of gate cars for the
so-called open end cars on alh electric lines,
and that all street cars, both electric and ca
ble, be equipped with modern air brakes.
The United Railroads is held respon
sible by a Coroner's Jury for the car
accident at Eighth avenue and Clement
street last Sunday, in which two men
were killed and many persons badly
Injured. The inquest on the bodies of
Frederick Finsten and Harry Curran
was held yesterday and the following
verdict was rendered:
We further find that said Harry Curran and
Fred. FinMen came to their, death owing to
the car upon which they rodo being operated
by an incompetent employe of the United
Railway Company; that such employe's ex
perience, had been too brief to enable him to
safely handf<> a car crowded to over its gate
capacity, and we hold the United Railway
Company responsible for the- accident.
Judge Murasky to William I*. Bolton
from Ida Bolton for desertion: by
Judge Troutt to Dora Hertzberg from
Joseph Hertzberg. cruelty; by Judge
Seawell to John Pool from Ida Pool,
desertion.
Eleanor Ladd sued John S. Ladd Jr.
for divorce on the ground of desertion.
They were married at San Rafael In
January, 189?, and she says he is earn
ing $200 a month. 'She 'wants $75 ali
mony. Other divorce suits were be
gun by Bertie Merritt from Roland
H. Merritt. cruelty; Edith Riffner
against Emory "W. Riffner. desertion;
James Farquhar against Mamie Far
quhar, desertion; W. Arnold against
M. Arnold, desertion; Frances McGro
gan against William McGrogan. deser
tion.
United Railroads Is Blamed
by Coroner's Jury for
Last Sunday's Accident
TRAGED Y CAUSED
BY INCOMPETENT
Virginia H. Barker obtained from
Judge Murasky. sitting for Judge Sloss
yesterday, an order annulling her mar
riage with Benjamin F. Germain, who
has been held to answer for bigamy.
The ceremony was performed May 17
last. Judge J. J. Van Nostrand officiat
ing. Less than a month later Germain
deserted her and on July 10 she learned
that he had married another woman in
Oregon City last year- Germain was
arrested in Wyoming.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
HUSBAND A DIGAMIST.
After a hearing occupying the entire
afternoon in Judge Graham's court yes
terday a divorce was granted to Ada
M. Wood from John R. Wood, paying
teller, of the Crocker- Woolworth Na
tional Bank, on the ground of infidelity.
C. W. Durbrow represented the plain
tiff, and Wood's case was conducted by
Charles J. Heggerty.
Mrs. Wood testified that she had
found three letters from Mrs. Tyler in
Mr. Wood's trousers pocket, and be
cause of their contents she left their
home in Mill Valley and came here to
live with her parents. The epistles were
read in court and were futl^of endear
ing terms.
The testimony of John E. Powers,
special agent for the North Shore Rail
road, and of S. W. Churchill, a clerk
for the H.S. Crocker Company, was
based upon observations made by them
through a transom of a room adjoining
the one occupied by the teller and his
companion at the Commercial Hotel on
various dates in June.
Wood was examined only as to the
condition of his finances. He said he
had lost his position in June because
of the notoriety arising from the di
vorce action, and was taken back in
the bank's employ in September at a
salary of $150 instead of $275, which he
had received before, though he is now
performing the same duties. His home
in Mill Valley, he said, was sold for a
debt and he has no property. His evi
dence regarding the discharge from the
bank was corroborated by Cashier
George W. Kline and the deposition of
Assistant Cashier Wellington Gregg.
The court ordered that Mrs. Wood
should be paid $50 a month alimony,
$150 counsel fees and $50 costs.
NO DIVORCE FROM THE DEAD.
Judge Hebbard yesterday set
aside the interlocutory and absolute
decrees of divorce ordered* entered by
himself in the case of Amy E. Grace
against Joseph H. Grace. The defend
ant in the case died on August 22 last,
and on September 14 Leon Samuels,
! representing the mother and sister of
the dead husband in the probate court,
moved that the decrees be entered, his
purpose being to shut the wife out from
participating in the $3000 estate.
Mrs. Grace was granted an interloc
utory decree of divorce on the ground
of cruelty on May 20, 1303, but for some
reason the decree was never entered in
the clerk's office. Samuels obtained the
order for an entry of the interlocutory,
nunc pro tune and for the entry of the
final decree more than three weeks
after. the defendant's death! The cir
cumstances were called to Judge Heb
bard's notice by Mrs. Grace's motion to
have the decrees set aside, saying that
her desires had not been consulted. In
his written opinion the Judge says:
"There is no law that compels the
plaintiff in a divorce case to obtain a
decree when she does not desire it, and
i particularly in a case where the de
! fendant has died prior to the* entry
thereof. Divorce proceedings interest
only the plaintiff, the "defendant and
the State of California. Interference
by any one else will not be tolerated by
the court."
Judge Kerrigan yesterday granted a
divorce to Flora Karlson from David
Karlson, who owns second hand furni
ture stores on Mission and Market
streets. She charged him with assault
ing her with chairs, iron bars and other
weapons and said that he only allowed
her fifty cents a day for the purchase
of food. Karlson entered a general de
nial of the accusations tnrough his at
torney, Julius Kahn, but did not ap
pear in court to oppose the case.
Judge Hebbard Sets Aside
Decrees Entered After
Decease of Defendant
DEATH BEATS DIVORCE
Ada M. Wood Succeeds in
Proving Her Accusations
Against Paying Teller
GETS DIVORCE
WITH ALIMONY
RUDELY MARS
BRIDAL TRIP
FUND TO AID THE TEACHERS IS INCREASING
GALA DAY FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN
Newly Wedded Couple on
Honeymoon Run Athwart
of Strict Railway Rules
Treat Is Promised
by Columbia
Park Boys.
TICKETS CONFISCATED
Borrowed Transportation
Brings Trouble to Thomas
3IcDermott and His Bride
A last opportunity will be given this
afternoon to aid in swelling the teach
ers' annuity and benefit fund. When
the gates of the Chutes close this
evening they will close on one of the
most successful enterprises ever
launched in behalf of a worthy cause.
A merry crowd filled the grounds all
week, and those who came to aid the
teachers left carrying away none but
happy recollections. # It is hoped
that to-day will be the banner day of
the week, and there is an excellent
programme arranged.
The chief attraction will be in the
main theater, where the Columbia
Park Boys' Club, under the direction
of Sidney S. Peixotto, will give an
old-time minstrel show. Any one who
has seen these clever chaps on thfc
stage will appreciate the treat in store
for them. They sing well, dance well,
can carry on witty dialogue and do
all not with an air of professionalism,
but as though they were out for a
good time and honestly - enjoying
themselves. The entertainment will
conclude with the farce, "Skinner's
Hotel, Tallapoosa, Florida." Many
vaudeville novelties will be intro
duced.
The leaden skies yesterday morning
caused gloomy forebodings in the
minds of many, but early in the after
noon the children and "grown-ups"
began arriving by the carload. The
theater was filled half an hdur before
the curtain raised on the first act of
"The Princess Fan Tan," and when
the show began there was hardly \ a
vacant seat in the house. The per
formance was ..very creditable.
Those who packed the theater, how
ever, could hardly be missed from the
grounds, as everywhere were seen
jolly groups of children. While the
teachers -hope the .weather will re
main clear, a little rain would not
be a serious drawback, as the portion
of the grounds under cover is suffi
ciently large to accommodate even a
larger crowd than that present on the
first day. Sunshine would be wel
come, however, as it helps to instil
gladness, but the pavilion, the theater
and the numerous side attractions will
accommodate all.
It was estimated that at least S000
people passed through the gates yes
terday. All the attractions were well
patronized and every one appeared to
be happy.
The post-nuptial trip of Thomas F.
McDermott and hi? pretty bride,
whose marriage ceremony was elab
orately solemnized at St. Mary f s Ca
thedral Tuesday evening, was rudely
Interrupted early yesterday a few
miles this side of San Jose. The young
bridal couple left San Francisco on
the coast limited yesterday morning.
ostensibly for Los Angeles. Shortly
after the train pulled out of the depot
the conductor proceeded through" the
cars for an inspection of tickets and
finally reached the coach where Mc-
Dermott and his bride were convers
ing. When McDermott handed up his
tickets the conductor scrutinized them
carefully and finally asked their own
er to duplicate on a slip of paper th«?
signature which the transportation
coupon bore.
The lack of similarity in the signa
tures did not .satisfy .the conductor,
for h*> quietly invited McDermott to
the rear of the coach, where they had
a stormy interview. Which, however,
finally ended by the conductor's con
fiscating the tickets and forcing the
young groom to get off at. San Jose
and purchase local tickets to Los An
geles.
According to : the records of the
Southern Pacific Company the tickets
properly belonged to Robert Brown
of Denver, who purchased them dur
ing the Knights Templar conclave.
They called for a round trip to Los
Angeles by way of this city. Arriving
here Brown abandoned the idea of go
ing to Los Angeles and so. McDermott
avers, proposed to him that he and
his bride use that portion of the tick
rts between here and Los Angeles.
They accepted the proposition and
npreed to return to Brown the balance
of the ticket when they returned from
the south. Unfortunately for the Mc-
Dermotts and Brown, the train con
ductor easily detected McDermott's
attempt to imitate Brown's signature
and spoiled the groom's economical
plans for a. free trip to Los Angeles.
As a result of Brown's well meant
intention? the railroad company now
holds his tickets, the agreement upon
•which he violated, and the prospects
are that if he concludes to return to
Denver he will have to pay another
fare.
To Visit Saa Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace would
be like visiting Europe without seeing Par
is. It is a leading feature of San Francis
co, and is the most beautiful jewelry
Ftnre in the world. Visitors or purchas
ers arc equally welcome. 221 Montgom
ery street, between Rush and Pine. *
People are beginning to realize more
and more each year that improved condi
tions of Shoe manufacture mean better
Footwear at decreased prices. A number
of years ago a strong prejudice existed
against all Shoes that sold at $3.50 and
under. No one believed then that de
pendable Shoes could be marketed at
$2.50 and $3.00. Public opinion has
changed. The $2.50 and $3.00 Shoe is
destined, without question, to become the
popular Shoe of the future. We know It.
and you'd know it if you'd try a pair of
James Means Shoes, sold direct front
maker to wearer by James Means Shoe
Siore, 16 Fourth street. Catalogue free. •
DLTIAF.I-E TEA STOPPED.— United States
Appraiser John T. Dare yesterday stopped sev
eral Farr.p!«*s of tea destined for New York, on
th' prou*.d that thry contained labels that
»fi» dutiable. Tbe matter was settled after
a little delay.
SUIT ON FIGEL. CHECK.— Wells. Fargo &
Co. yesterday sued th? Joseph Kigel Company
for j»7r«. paid on a check to which the com
pany's name was Pigned. The paper was drawn
on the Western National Bank and was pre-
F-nted to Wells Fargo & Co. for payment by
Theodore Fisel. The Western National de
clined to honor the check and a charge of em
bezzlement was made against younp Figel.
Ixrnand fir payment was made on his father
and refused.
TRFKA. Oa. <>.— After being out all night
the jury in the mur<ier cas=e in which John H.
Sr.ydrr is the defendant tailed to agree. Nine
Ktno/i f<-r manslaughter and three for acquittal.
Snyder ki!!<?'i a man named Potter and w.ound
*>d an Indian named McKay last September.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1904.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The lull, mellow tone ol the \
PIANO |
is marKed by an entire 1
absence of that metallic 1
timbre present in all but |
the most perlect pianos. 1
Its many points of tonal |
and structural excellence J
maKc it an eminently sat- I
isfactory piano for the 1
home. a
Over 53,000 in Use. 1
Bcnj. Curtaz * Son B
Sole Agents I
16 OTarrcll Street, S. F. J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE. — Tea Garden Syrup large can
Coupons Given by til a Mornlnff Call Fri-
day and Saturday.
Briny Vn the Coupon*.
GRIST MILL. CEREAX. COFFEE 2Oc.
Ohlrardelll'a Cocoa. 25c can 30o
NEW DUX PICKLES. V* GALLON 15c.
Preserved Plums, 3 cans 23o
Luscious iip« fruit — Golden Spray Brand.
Usually 15c.
~ LARGe"gREEN~OIJVE3. QtJART 20c.
Creamery Butter 35c
EEL RIVER VALLEY— Regular il«»— *w««t
and freih. Usually 43e.
MILK OR CREAM. 3 CAN'S 23o.
Cnlli Sance. Mrs. rater's, bottle .15o
Possesses % piquancy and lest all Its own; a
great appetizer, and It aids digestion.
PEANUT BUTTER. JAB 25c.
Good K<"i** Em. dozen
Large -white — every egr ruarante«d. *
FANCY 25c MIXED CAKES. POUJTP 17>^e.
Pure Olive OU. H-ffal. can 97o
Genulno L. Ealdocch! Italian Lucca.
Usually (1.15.
MRS. FABER'3 MARMAJ*AX>E. OLAS3 10c.
Laundry Starch, Best Gloss, lb 8o
Will not stick to the- iron. Usually lOe.
20c CRANBERRIES. QUART 12^C.
. — . — —
Washing Soda, 25 Ids 25c
100-lb. sack 98c.
15c PACKAGES BIRD SEED. S FOR 25c. *
Benzilene Soap. 6 cakes 23a
Twice the value of Fel's Naptha.
3-QUART BOTS. AMMONIA 25c.
6- Year-Old Wines, ral 83c
Port. Sherry. Riesling; Angelica. Samp!« at
store. Usually $1.25.
OLD GOVERNMENT TVHISKT. T5e.
Napa Claret, sral 35o
3 gallons $1.00. Excellent wins for bottling
or table. Usually SOc gallon.
$1.25 MoBRAYER WHISKY. BOTTLE 83c.
WUsan Wnlsky. at. bottle 85c
The genuine distillery bottling. Sealed package*
S5c OLD MILLER WHISKY, BOTTLE 50c.
1001 Fillmorc St 119 Taylor SL
Park 183.* Phone Howard 1031
FHTsTBi^GE'Tcari
:j; MERCHANT TAILORS. |jj
;! . 622 Market Street. 'i
>l Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HotaL '¦''.
I • SAN FRANCISCO. $
> Novelties in Imported Wear i*
#% | I A ¦ #% Ammunition. Hunting and
I "I IS* IV Sportin? Goods. Larsest
I si I 1 lYS stock. Lowest prices. Send
111 Bill 1 for catalogue.
U %0 1 1 W SHREVE & BARBER CO..
TC» Markdt at. and 521
Kearcy at.
NTSWMAIT & LEVIXSOX.
Kearay and Sntter Streets.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M., Closes 5:30 P. M.
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS TOR PRIDAY
Friday's Remnant Sale of
Silks, Velvets, Velveteens
At One-Quarter Off Marked Prices
(First jrioor Xearay St.)
Impossible to do a big business without accumulating rem-
nants. That is the case in our Silk Department — Choice
Waist and Skirt lengths are here in
Fancy Figured Taffetas, Louisines, Peau de Cygnes, India Silks,
Plain Colored Taffetas, Black Silks, Black and White S«Rs,
Drapery Silks, Silk Velvets, Corduroys, Plain and Fancy Velveteens
If you have need of any of the above materials in lengths
from i to 8 yards, don't pass this sale without an investiga-
tion. To close quickly we deduct
One-Quarter Off the Already Reduced Remnant Prices.
Two Extraordinary Values in
New Stylish Waists at $3.00 Each
(Third Floor Kearnjr St.)
Handsome Waists of Fancy Plaid Dainty Waists, mads of superior
Alpaca, in a variety of pretty colors quality Flannel, In pretty stripe
— tucked bias front, French back, effects — tucked front, newest
stock collar and long silk -.- nA sleeves, plain stock and *-> rtrt
tie; special at >i.UU long silk tie, sale price. . . .$3.00
Very Pretty Cushion Tops
At a Very Low Price
(Second Floor Xearsy Street)
We bought a. large lot, direct ftom the manufacturer, to
-create a sensational sale .— and they carfnot be matched any-
where at the price. They are all entirely new Cushion Tops,
made of Japanese Crepe, size 24 inches square, in pretty
Oriental colors and there are several choice designs
to select from. Your choice of them while quantity Ofl/»
lasts, at the extremely low price of, each
Handsome Net Curtains"
Appropriate for Parlor or Dining Room
Attractively Priced for Friday
(Second Floor Sutter St.)
French Net Curtains, in Arabian French Net Curtains, In Arabian
color, with plain centers, battenberg or white, excellent quality plain net
braid border, renaissance edging centers, battenberg braid border
and corner trimmed with pretty with cluny lace edge — 50 inches
motif — 50 inches wide wide and 3 yards long —
and 3 yards long; special ( . > n exceptionally fine value, *.-> -*-
at, per pair v*« 3U per pair $3.25
Note These Noteworthy Specials in
Ladies' Imported Hosiery
(Main Aisle Kearny Street)
Ladies' Black Lisle Thread Hose, Ladies' Fancy Lisle Thread Hose,
fine quality, medium weight, in all- in black grounds, with white and
over lace openwork, in new, up-to- colored silk embroidered designs on
date patterns — regularly 50c, special ankles — regularly 75c and $1.00
at 3 pairs for %\. 00, or per o K per pair — Special for — -».
pair OOC Friday at OUc
~*-~^_--^_.^-__^^^____^,_.__^ ADVERTISEMENTS.