PRICE FIVE ; CENTS.
OVERCAUTIOUS COMMANDER OF THE -RUSSIAN PA
CIFIC FLEET. WHICH FIRED UPON AND SANK BRIT
ISH FISHING VESSELS ON THE NORTH SEA.
Mrs. Price appeared at the Hall of
Justice about 6 o'clock and asked that
a policeman accompany her to Ala
tneda and aid her to regain the,cus
tody of her offspring. She was told
that her troubles were not police mat
ters and that she would have to swear
to a warrant against Prlc*. Then for
an hour she haunted the corridors of
the Hall and engaged in conversation
•with Peter Duffy, an attache. "I will
give any one $1000. who will get; my
little ones back for me; yes, I will give
$10,000 to have them with me again,"
she said.
She was in an excited condition. and
cried hysterically. "I have a gun here,"
Bhe said. Indicating her bosom, "and
I am going over to Alameda to kill
my husband." She wheeled with a sud
den determination and fled frantically
from the building-
The police were notified that' the
woman was armed and Detective,Tay
lor followed her to the ferry, where. he
placed her under arrest The revolver,
fully loaded, was taken from her. She
carried a" grip in which she" had a bun
dle of letters.
She said . that she . and , her., husband
had been separated for" six weeks. *'He
accused me '.of going < with otter : riien
and otherwise . misconducting ; myself
while he was' in* the, city,'! "she ' said. ' "I
bad been staying at my summer home
Mrs. Emma Price, wife of William
L. Price, advertising manager of the
Oakland Tribune, came to the Hall of
Justice last night, hysterical and de
termined, and saying that her husband
had kidnaped her two young children,
declared that she intended killing him.
6he was later arrested at the ferry by
Detective Charles Taylor as she was
about to embark on the boat for Ala
meda to carry out her threat. She had
a large revolver concealed in her bos
om and objected strenuously to being
taken Into custody.
"I mutt see my j children, I must see
xny children to-night," the anguished
mother sobbed. Almost crazed with
grief she was taken before Captain
Burnett, who, after interviewing . her,
ordered her locked up on a charge of
carrying a concealed weapon.
Mrs. Price Bald she was worth nearly
$100,000; that Ehe had a summer home
In Boulder Creek, from which the two
children were taken yesterday by thelr
father, and that her mother, Mrs Har
ris, living on Larkin street, was also
wealthy. •*
his wife: absent, bV said, 1 and
believing that she; had gone on a spree,
h'e took the children •backTwith"; him "to
Oakland, , intending * to bring ; them ;, to
San^ Francisco; to-day ; arid leave! them
in the custody"of their, grandmother." 1 -.
When informed that she would have
to go to Jail for carrying a concealed
weapon, the woman wept, but she did
not remain long in detention, as her
mother sent down and obtained her re
lease on bail. She went to her mother's
home, where she will be guarded; to
seevthat she does not carry out her
threat to kill her husband.
Mrs. Price ' has been married twice.
The two children over whom" the trou
ble occurred are by her present hus
band. She has two sons, one 17 and the
other 23 years of age, by her first hus
band. She and her mother own prop
erty in this city, and are well off. She
married Price about seven vears ago.
When seen at: his home in Oakland
last night, William. I* Price told the
"story of ' h. ls doriiestlc troubles. His
wife had sued him a year ago for "di
vorce on ' account ; "bf; alleged cruelty,
arid he filed'. a ¦ cross-complaint,'.where
upon legal proceedings .were ' dropped
on each Bide. Mrs. Price has since been
living .mostly < at' Boulder Creek, .where"
her husband went on Friday to see her
and, their children. J, . .;.
with my two children, 4 and 6 years
old. Friday I came to the city to visit
my mother", on Larkin street, and left
the children with the servants. This
morning I received word from my
housekeeper that Mr. Price had been
there and had taken, the children. I
took the first train for. Boulder Creek
and arrived- a few hours after he had
left. I immediately - boarded a return
train and on :my arrival, here sought
the aid of the police. : Finding my ef
forts unavailing/; I > decided to take
steps to regain the: children myself. I
do not ;remember,;that . I said that I
would . shoot Mr. -Price.-.- If I did it was
because I was mad— mad with anguish
and rage."
Mrs. Price burst into tears and ex
citedly paced up and down the detect
ives* office.'- "I must see, my. children
to-night; I must see my children to
night," she moaned.
Mrs. Price exhibited her letters. They
were signed variously, full i of vulgar
and obscene writing and were read by
the police. All concerned the alleged
misconduct of Mrs. Price. She said
they were In her husband's handwrit
ing.
OAKLAND WOMAN "WHO YESTERDAY SET OUT TO SHOOT' HER HUSBAND
TV-HEX THE EAN FRANCISCO POLICE REFUSED TO HELJ> HER RECOVER
HER CHILDREN. WHOM SHE SAID HE HAD KIDNAPED.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO, Oct. : 23.— The . people of
this vicinity are stirred , up over two
malicious : arid almost • successful at
tempts to wreck Southern Pacific trains
between Modesto and Salida early
Sunday "morning. - At two ; different
places on the mainline ties were piled
on . the track, nearly causing, the de
railment of a ' heavy freight j train ; and
the ; wreck of- the morning Fresno pas
senger. 1 .
' A northbound freight, ¦¦ No. 253, was
several : hours late in passing through
this place Sunday, morning. . When the
train .reached the switch on' the south
Bldft ' of . Salida, five riilles to the north of
,here,':.the saw j/i~ pile . of ties
btt^t4eE^ck.J^l^^r^^ra"ctlon5thV
train was ."checked, and struck the ties
with little force; no damage being done.
;, The . second ."attempt would ' have ' cbst
many j lives if successf uK The : north
bound Fresno, passenger left here' at
7:55 Sunday, morning and, * on account
of the attempt on' the freight train, was
run at* slow speed to Salida. > About j a
mile to the south of Salida the engine
struck a pile of. ties placed on the in-' :
side of and parallel with the rails. The
tender of the /engine was torn off by.
the force of. the impact. The whole
train was jarred and the passengers
were ! greatly alarmed. By almost a
miracle, however, the train kept to the
rails. Arriving at the Salida switch,
where the attempt on the freight was
made, the {j train : crew found another
lot of ties on the track,. these being so
wedged and \ Jammed into i the switch
frogs ; that the train would have been
ditched if it had , struck them. '¦ .
Guards .were promptly stationed and
one . of I the ; Southern Pacific \ detectives
is I now • on j the '^scene. - ¦ Deputy * Sheriff
Klernari of this" county late this even
ing arrested two suspicious characters
on the Tuolumne' River near here. The
prisoners slept in a boxcar at Salida
Saturday night. ; They left that place
and started toward Modesto : shortly
before the attempt to wreck the freight
arid were seen two miles to the north of
here an hour" after the ¦ attempt j on the
passenger. . They refuse to talk or give
their names and can give no.explana
tion of their doings after leaving
Salida. ;
It is conjectured here that the ties
were Vpiled so | as to ditch the north
bound Owl, which -passed at a' high
rate | of ['speed shortly- before the freight
struck I the j firsts obstruction. B Had | the
Owl struck either ; pile of ties the loss
of life would ;have been terrible. :
I From '-an ,unofncial source, it has been
learned ' that the pwl of Sunday morn-,
irig.'carried much that was valuable.: ;
FTTZ FLOORED IN GOTHAM /
BY AN OLD GRAY HORSE
Animal Lands With' His r Tiett in j a
•; '¦•'- Scene of ~f "A Fight
for^Love."
7 NEW YORK. Oct: 23 i:^Fltzsim
mons* has beeri.knockediout twice, but
for VtheT first 'time ; In r his- life ':he\was
kicked out '<"; to-night/; : It 'happened
during : his ; performance -of "Ay Fight
for ' Love" in the * LjTic, Theater, , Ho
b'okeii." The -victor In" 'the f kicking
match : was an old- flqa-bitten - gray
horse, rented for ; the evening from a
transfer 5 man. - The blow ' landed t as
the pugilist ibacked^up to i the horse to
show, his parlors tricks ' In .'shoeing. The
animal's * lef 1 5 hind -hoof , got* to i Fits > in
tthe j region ;below,;thel belt j arid ; he fell
'on ¦ his ; f ace^ while the i house i howled.
sWhen he ' rec'oy'ered,' he J walked v 'oyer jto
,the j gray horse / and kicked .him; in « the
¦ribs."--,' ..- ;: ""-' ¦•¦•^"."- v- : " v'-' ;.'¦¦'•
"I get a this -for working \>n Sunday,"
said Fltzslmmbns .to the audlericel '
Russian Gunners
Make Targets of
Hapless Trawlers
British Press Regards
the North Sea Affair
as Plain Act of War
LONDON, Oct. 23.— The attack by the Baltic
fleet upon the hull fishing boats occurred 200 miles
off Spurn v Head. '- The Russian ships were steam
ing in line. Thel leading ships of the fishing fleet
passed without incident, ! though : most of the Rus
sian .vessels turned searchlights on the trawlers
long- enough to" prevent any mistake as to identity.
After, the bulk of the squadron had passed it
opened fire, nearly all participating in the firing.
The. Crane was struck below the water line and
raked above deck.: Skipper Smith and Third Hand
Loggott were decapitated by a shot, many of the
crew being seriously wounded. • Another trawler
also was' sunk, .but the Moulmein, which" brought
the'newsHto Hull,: has no particulars as to her^fatej
news iliasV created an intense sensation and
thegreatest indignation in Hull.
'^ The "Moulmein arrived , with her flag at half
mast.^^ Her. : skipper^ states that the trawlers were
'fishing aljout : 226; miles east of north of Spurn
Head Tat i'o'clock,:Sa'turday morning, the , weather
being Hazy, :,when Ulje/: outlines of several vessels,
apparently r warsH ips, sailing in a* line, were : dimly
seen..; While : the. cre WS were watching the war
ships; i searchlights \ were -flashed upon them", in the
glare of which the Moulmein,'s crew observed what
they^took . to be torpedo-boats - : . approaching, l appar
ently with the intention * boarding the^ Moiil^
mein. They 1 , steamed away, -however; and soon the
fishermen were horrified to find they were being
firediupon;': v ; " , '" . . -. /;¦'.-¦
\;; First one and then another, trawler was struck by
the flying, shot; ; What seemecRo Jbe a round shot
LONDON, Oct. 4.— Foreign Minister Lansdowne and M.
Benckendorff, the Russian -Embassador, both were out of
town yesterday and all the government offices In London
were* closed, as, usual on Sunday; therefore no official view
could : be gleaned of the firing by Russian, war vessels
upon . a British fishing fleet in the North Sea.
. The first reports of the affair received in London were
regarded" as -almost incredible. When, however, cumula
tive evidence no longer left doubt of the general accuracy
of the reports, astonishment became bewilderment as to
what possible motive could have led Russian officers into
such an extraordinary and Inexplicable course of -action.
•which, unless a satisfactory explanation be immediately
forthcomingr, is only to be regarded v as an act of war.
This is the view taken editorially by all the morning pa
pers. The worst feature of the story, as viewed here, is
the heartlessness displayed by the Russian fleet in steam
ing away 'without taking the trouble to ascertain even
whether Its fire had inflicted any damage and without any
effort to rescue the victims.
'While. admitting the necessity of a suspension of
judgment for. investigation . and explanation, the morning
newspapers 'are unanimous in demanding that the gov
ernment Instruct Embassador > Hardinge to make the
strongest representations to the St. Petersburg Govern
ment and obtain reparation and apology and assurances
of the Russian Pacific fleet's good behavior for the fu
ture. It -is' held ithat : the omission of the Russian fleet to
stay Its course down the channel to , offer an explanation
makes the case look exceedingly grave, and the only pos
sible solution of the mystery is that, excited by rumor*
recently spread of Japan's Intentions of the Pacific squad
ron, in the event of its sailing, the Russian gunners yielded
to panic and supposed that the trawlers' rockets were the
signals of an enemy's fleet. In view of the decision in the
Allanton case it is regarded, as quite impossible that the
fit;. Petersburg authorities can be in any way responsible
for ;the incident. -. -
' 'Considering the circumstances in the '.case, the news r
papers treat 'the matter with commendable calmness, but
are firm in. demands -for. Immediate satisfaction. The
Chronicle says: ¦
; . "The next "twenty-four hours must settle it one way or
the other. Only two modes of settlement are possible.
Either -explanation," apology end generous compensation to
the victims' families' or an ultimatum."
The Standard says:
, ;"An*explanation should be promptly and sternly de-,
rnarided'for the intolerable outrage. The Russian .Govern
ment should" be informed that* it Is expected to recall its
illstarred squadron; first, in order that proper Investigation
HONORS TO BE SHOWN HIM.
* "As to the _ so-called change in
American : sentiment toward • Japan', so
often alluded to . recently ' in : some
newspapers, I do not feel it at: all. '\ it
may be because I> have not;been-sub
jected to a fit of nervousness for some
time", that I do not feel such ; a change,
if s there *is any. .But, In my oplnlonT
so : long' as > Japan - has /nothing; In ; her
motive : nor " : action ; that '- may :. be con
sidered prejudicial ¦ to % the " legitimate
interest of all' nations, she has no fear
of losing the friendship fof any! people ;
and, : even If there" should*. occur? some
deviation"; in this .sentiment, through
misunderstanding or on account ¦ ;of
mischievous agencies^"' such': mlsuhder
standin'g . soon must disappear, inas
much ; as ; there Is ' nb; ; real '] ground » for.
its * existencel / vwejare ~ riot 4 afraid '^bf
anyj: such mlsuriderstandlhg, >but i;we
lmplicitlyjrely ! upon^the" keen' Intelli
gence and kood sense 6f, the "American
people^ for a correct 'judgment J of , bur
cause 1 ..and ¦-, position." '-_. "'• . '.,'¦_ .^'c : ; 'i
Pierce, ;the* Third:; Assistants Secre
tary, of 'State,, arid Takahira -air'e now
Kogo.ro Takahira, the Japanese Min
ister in Washington, in a conversation
at the Legation. said:
"When a person of dignity travels In
a foreign country it is almost always
the case that the occasion is used to
start some speculation in regard to the
object of his Journey. So I do not ex
pect that exception should be made of
the visit of his Imperial Highness. But
to attribute it to the so-called .change
In American feeling, as represented by
some newspapers, is entirely a 'guess,*
from wild imagination. The Prince's
visit to this/country was originally
brought into consideration as long ago
as last spring, but as it was a part of
his object to see the world's fair, at
St. Louis, it was considered advisable
to defer it to the autumn, when the
exhibits would be in a*more complete
form for observation, and -for that
reason this time was chosen for his
visit; but there is, of course, no ques
tion about the principal object of his
visit being to strengthen thereby the
ties of genuine friendship so . happily
existing between the United States and
Japan in a most appropriate manner,
bat not in such 'patchwork', fashion as
has been reported; In some quarters.
"His Highness will maintain his of
ficial status as Imperial Prince ; only
in Washington and. St. ; Louis, but lin
all other cities he will travel Incognito.
This is another evidence that he Is
not coming here to start a 'boom,' as
haa been reported. After his: visit to
the fair, where he, will -be particularly
interested to see that '.wonderful dis
play of American genius .and*, energy!
he will visit the educational,' commer
cial and industrial centers . of this
country, such as Boston, Philadelphia;
New York, Pittsburgh and Chicago, ; to
study the true causes' of the 'greatness
of the . United _; States and also the ' le
gitimate Interests of. this great repub
lic in the Far East. ' . -. ¦ ¦-, ,;¦ ¦¦.
Oct. 23.— It i s stated
authoritatively to-day that the purpose
of the Emperor of Japan In sending on
a visit to this country his adopted
brother, his imperial Highness, ' Prince
Fushimi, who will reach San' Francisco
about the middle of November, is to
strengthen by every appropriate means
the traditional friendship between the
United States and Japan.
VISIT PLAXXED LONG AGO.
1 YOKOHAMA, Oct. 23. — Lieutenant
General Prince Fushlmi, special im
perial envoy to the St. Louis exposi
tion, sailed to-day, with his Buite, on
the steamship Manchuria for San Fran
cisco, amid general enthusiasm. Prince
Fushimi was attended from Tokio by
officials of the imperial household,
American . Minister Lloyd C Gris'com
and the entire American Legation staff
in uniforrri. Arriving at Yokohama, the
Prince and his party proceeded to a
detached imperial palace, escorted by
the Governor of the province, the
Mayor of Yokohama and city officials
and the American consular officials. ;
Shortly afterward 4 " Prince . Fushlmi
embarked in the, presence of\aV;im-*
'n^hs^*rcrow'd;iau t .iafslio'u*t8— "LlariJsaT"'
and "America. "f^^ , ¦
Coming First to San Francisco, but
Will Assume Official Status at St
Louis and Washington Only.
Appalling 'Loss of Life Would Have
Resulted bat for Discovery of
the Obstructions.:;
General FusWmi's Mission
Is. to Draw the Two
. Nations Closed
HULL, England, Oct. 23.— A. M.
Jackson & Co., solicitors for the
owners of fifty Hull fishing boats,
have notified the Foreign Office
and Admiralty of an attack on the
fishing fleet by the Russian Pa
cific fleet (commonly designated
as the Baltic squadron), com
manded by Vice Admiral Rojest
vensky.
The official information is that
shortly after midnight on Friday
the Russian squadron fell in with
the Hull fishing fleet in the North
Sea. The first portion of the fish
ing fleet passed safely. Then
the Russian ships turned their
searchlights on the British ves
sels for^ some time and a little
J^^r^penj^d:f ire, ; -^. iilL?l &^J&M±~
The steam trawler Crane 'was
sunk and the decapitated bodies
of her skipper and mate have
been brought to Hull. The boats
were lowered and other members
of the crew \yho are understood
to be seriously wounded are on
board the mission ship. The only
slightly injured member of; the
crew has arrived at Hull.
The steam trawlers Moulmein
and Mino have arrived at Hull
seriously damaged by shots, the
latter having sixteen holes in her
Vigilance of Train Hands
Prevents a .Disaster
Near Modesto.-; -
Two Boats Sent to the Bottom With Their
Crews and Others Damaged by Solid Shot
Royal Prince Sails
From Japan lor
Afflencd.
Sandals Make Des
perate Attempts to
Ditcli Cars.
SAYS HE KIDNAPED THEIR CHILDREN
Frenzied Wife Is Disarmed
Would Kill Husband
SLAV WAR VESSELS
TURM THEIR CANNON
UPON FRAIL CRAFT
TO TIGHTEN
THE BOND OF
FRIENDSHIP
PILE TIES
IN THE PATH
OF TRAINS
BALTIC FLEET WANTONLY SINKS ENGLISH FISHING SHIPS
Continued on Page 3, , Column 4.
Continued on Page 3, Column 5,
preparing the : programme, for ".the ; en
tertainment;"- of -; the * ; Prince.";*: High
honorJwill be^howri the distinguished
member of * the -royal * house' and,' \ in
addition > to ; aTdlriner ' by : the^President
iri £thef v White jHouse. Athens' willVbeJa
round* of 'offlcial 'entertainments ; in- 1 his
honor. ;>:"¦:, ItV is t probable " ttie "•'; Prince's"
tour -,will« include- a; Vyisit ¦'"- tb\ : '-West
Point,'; ail his * Highness ,; is ' keenly; ln-i
terested : In i -military; matters/;' having
alreadyj fought 1 with" distinction In? th«
Far] Eastern
The San Francisco Call
' THE "WEATHER.
Forecast ' made at San Francisoo for
thirty hours, endlnr midnight. Octo
ber S4:
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy
Monday, Trtth for; fresh westerly
winfi*.
A. O. McADIE.
District . Forecaster, j .
ALCAZAR— "Th» ¦Wilderneo."
CALIFORNIA— "Fritz and Snlt*."
CENTRAL-- ''Paul Kauvar."
COLUMBIA — "San Toy."
CH U TKS— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "Arlsona."
MAJESTIC— "When "We Wero Twentjr-
On«."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TTVOLI— "Der Rastelfctater."
THE "THEATERS
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 146.
SAN MONDAY, OCTOBER ; 24, 1904.DES MOINES. Iowa, Oct tL— At the
age of 27 pretty Delilah Falls, whose
picture was published in all the metro
politan papers seven years ago, and
about whose murder of Jerome Kern
column after column was printed, has
walked forth from Anamosa prison a
f r«« woman. Her original sentence was
for twenty years.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
To Become Wife of Man Who
Assisted: Her to Kill His
Father in State of Iowa
SOON TO BE MAEBIED
j)elilah Fails, Who Figured
in Sensational Murder
Case, Granted a Parole
PRISON DOORS
OPEN FOR HER
; \ There is no known way : > of insulating
t ' "*TMall— WiMM«riiirMtisisiiiiMiifciiiiiriiiiiTtii«i i jL.« nm m , B - mii
; ; ; SACRAMENTO, lOctJ 2 3.- r Iri:an iri
teryiew to-day ; Governor '/ Pardee said
that* he v expected : California f to. ?give~
Roosevelt "60,000; m aj o ri ty. He state d
that he^had been -over.; the ( State' re
centlyi ahd^found^a'; great .deal : of i in
terestjbelng 1 r taken*^ln j politics,', particu-"
larlyViri the; south. , All- the 7 meetings
at . which ¦ he '¦> delivered f addresses, v* he
said, were 'crowded.': : >: V ' '•""
Governor. Says . Roosevelt Will K&rrf
. ".;-, State ;by^60,000/
PARDEE MAKES | ESTIMATE.
Congressman , Assured ; of Support , ; of
. Voters - of Sis ki you County.
j DUNSMUIR,* Oct; 23^-^-Congressmari
Gillett had ; a • large and most >nthu-
sia8tic*.meeting.: here last nl«ht. - ji
was three ; times \ as ' large : as the'Cami
nettiJ meeting -of last week, r The band
from Sissonv was; present. -Gillett\was
accorded ¦ a very - warm -reception ? and
was > assured i by ; all ithat ':¦ hel would • re
ceive a* good vote ; in -, Slskiyou: County.
GLLLETT AT DUNSMUIR.
BOSTON, Oct 23.— Professor Henry
Loomis Nelson of jWllliaums College.at
tacked " President^ Roosevelt'. -at ?"¦ the
banquet -last riigtitVof "thevMassachfu£
setts . Reform Club. - "Roosevelt " has a
lawless ¦ mind,"— [ declared : " Professor
Nelson, arid he continued as follows :
' : Roosevelt should : cot' be > President, because
he ie hostile . to our ' American i Institutions. ..The
President Is controlled by an oligarchy known
as * the J Senate. I do ; not mean ¦ to ; say Roose
velt '.would violate ; a t law ¦ knowingly,- but ;• ha
has : no ; consciousness of what ¦ constitutes < the
sovereignty of * the '. people, fj His habit of ¦ mind,
his f point ¦ of . view and his ¦ method ¦ of » thought
are revolutionary :• and. of course, entirely : an
tagonistic " to : democratic ' thought • and r tenden
cies. Vvi^SHMiBSflMBRSHBMHHXHBHMMHMf
Williams College Professor Indulges
in Political Mud-Throwing, r - ;
ASSAILS THE PRESIDENT.
HEALDSBURG, Oct. 23.— Deputy
Sheriff Thomas J. Ferguson and Miss
Ethel Looney, both of Geyservllle,
were united In marriage in that city
to-day. Both. parties are well known
and very popular throughout North
ern Sonoma County.
Wedding at GeyservlIIe.
Four Inches of Snow in Michigan.
GAYLORD. Mich.. Oct. J3. — It has
been snowing "for twenty-four hours
and the snow lies four inches daep. •
Attempts to Cross in Front of Engine
and Is Thrown Beneath
the Wheels.
RENO, Oct. 23. — John Davts. a
traveler of Salt Lake City, on his way
to California, met a horrible death be
neath the wheels of the westbound
passenger train at Moleen, in Eastern
Nevada, to-night. 'The train' was Just
starting .when Davis"* endeavored to
cross in frontf of it. H6 waa" struck by
the cowcatcher, thrown beneath tha
wheels and instantly killed.
SALT LAKE TRAVELER
• IS KILIxED BY TRAIN
BAKERSFIELD, Oct 23. — Rev: "W.
J. Mahon. a pioneer resident, died to
day, aged 88. Deceased was a native
of North Carolina and was a chaplain
In the Confederate army. He was the
father of Superior Judge KIrby S.
Mahon of Sutter County, California:
Superior Judge J. W. Mahon of Kern
and S. ¦W. Mahon of this city.
Pioneer Minister Is Dead.
Three Killed In Train Wreck.
VICKSBURG, Miss., Oct 23.— Three
men were killed and two severely hurt
In a head-on collision between a pas-'
senger and a freight train on the Ya- 1
soo and Mississippi Valley Railroad
early to-day.. The crew of the pas
senger is said to have overlooked its
orders to stop.
I want to add my little mite to the better
ment ' of ; humanity, and ; I believe it can best
be done by . joining forces with the. party - that
has •.; some : organization and . unity of action;
that has. the power. Intelligence, and willing*
ness ¦ to accomplish something and to ' do that
which : x the people demand.'' There . are- great
reforms ; to ¦ be accomplished and , for; the - re
mainder t of ' my ¦ four .score years I am : going
to cast my lot with the party; that can accom
plish something, trusting to the ultimate tri
umph of right. • .
I have-long since become weary ' of .Bryan
ism. I was., one of the founders of the - Popu
list party, when that organization meant
something, . but when • it . was , captured • by
scheming! and unprincipled place ; hunters,
whose ; energies Tdevolved : entirely,' to '. a ; scram
ble for loaves and. fishes and a scrap : over > the
division; of spoils, .1 like thousands of otherB
became disgusted and have since been "a man
without a party.", .. . I ;.' —
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. * 2 3.— Henry
Huckins, one of the founders of the
Populist: party, has become a Repub
lican editor. ' For many years Huckins
has published the Nebraska Blizzard,
whose , name indicates the style of its
politics. He has now ; purchased the
Lincoln Herald, -which, he- will com
bine with the Blizzard arid continue
the' publication as a Republican organ.
Announcing the change, Huckins says:
One of the • Populist . Party's Founders
' Becomes a" Republican. - .
WEARIES OF BRYANISM.
Our efforts during the past three months
have been directed to the task of organizing
and harmonizing the party in the States hith
erto considered doubtful, by reason of former
dissensions. - That work Is now finished aad
it is possible for the first time to reach a con
clusion, based ubon a systematic canvass,
which can never be satisfactorily made until
after organization ts completed and the cam
palsn i has well prosressed.
In every State and In all sections Democrats
have buried their differences and are working
harmoniously and enthusiastically for the
ticket. Our canvass shows that scarcely any
where is there a trace of the dissensions which
for the past eight years have unhappily di
vided the party. In the States of New York,
New Jersey. Connecticut, Indiana, Maryland,
Delaware and West Virginia and many of the
Western States our organization Is now more
complete and effective than ever before In the
history of the party. Candidates for Gov
ernor who stand for the very highest type ¦ of
citizenship and represent popular local ¦ Demo
cratic issues in all the doubtful States, are
greatly aiding: the national ticket by their en
ergetic campaign.
Our canvass shows that we ohall certainly
carry by good the States of New
York, New Jersey. Connecticut. - Maryland.
Delaware. "West Virginia and Indiana and
that, in addition to these .electoral votes, we
shall have the majority. If not all, of the
electoral votes of the Rocky Mountain States.
It Is Impossible at this Juncture to predict
the outeome in Wisconsin. Illinois must also
be classed in' the . doubtful column, for al
though at tbla moment our canvass Is Imper
fect, it ts s\if fleiently advanced to indicate an
unmistakable Republican defection.
; NETV;.TOBK,- Oct. 23.— A statement
was given , 6ut ; to-day 'by "the Demo
cratic National Committee after a con
sultation between Thomas Taggart,
chairman; ¦William F. Sheehan, chair
man of the executive committee, and
Delancey Nichol, vice chairman. of the
East. It says:
National Committee Names the States
¦SHSaJt Hopes to Win.
DEMOCRACY'S CLAIMS.
MOBILE, Ala., Oct. 23. — The loss
by fire In the lumber. district early to
day cannot be accurately stated. The
whole of the plant of the Mobile Luni^
ber Company was destroye'd." Nearly
a million feet of lumber was con
sumed along with the ¦ wharves in
front of the company's property. The
adjoining mill of Hubbard Brothera
and several small buildings were de
stroyed.
Disastrous Fire In Mobile.
Wife of Judge Tuttlo of San Jose
Passes Away.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 23. — Mrs. Lola F.
Tuttle, wife of Judge H. D. Tuttle of
the Superior Court, died at noon'to
day. She had been III f or about six
months. Mrs. Tuttle was a native of
New Orleans and was about 50 years
of age. She " was a member of the
Hiestand family of Louisiana and her
father was a prominent Federal Judge
in that State. Mrs. Tuttle was promi
nent in church and society work, be
ing a member of the Eastern Star and
a director In the Home of Benevolence.
POOR LOSE A FRIEND.
Clarence E. Haterlus, tha brilliant
young musician who died at Vlneland
4ast Saturday, will be buried here on
Wednesday at 2 o'clock from tha
Swedish Lutheran Church on Dolores
street. Toung Haterlus was but 20
years of age. He was the son of Rev.
C. J. E. Haterlus, pastor of tho Swed
ish Lutheran Church. He was a grad
uate of the Mission High School and a
student of Berkeley. He also studied
under Dr. Svenson, famous the world
over, at Llndstmrg, Kans., having in
tended to become a minister. His
death Is deeply regretted by a large
circle of friends.
Clarence E. Haterlus, Son of Promi
nent Clergyman, Passes Away on
Verse of Manhood.
YOUNG SrCSICIAX DIES AT
/ BEGI>*NING OP UIS CAREER
Diligent inquiry (in -, ma^K; quarters
falls : to elicit ; such ; definite^ lnforinatlon
as^would^ustlfy_ The .'Call- , in i saying
that rWynii- was formerly • a '":¦ Republican
' , The three-cornered i fight in the \ Fifth
District - is progressirig j to ; the'satisfac
tion ' of, : Republicans. r : : Williams, the
nominee of the ¦Union \ Labor, party, [and
Wyrin, the'-i Democratic ;. candidate, 1 ":.' are
running, side , by .."side.\« E." . ? ATi Hayes/? th'e
Republican"; nominee,': is: far in the" leadl
There : are .many." signs j to'-; indicate' that
he 'will 'come ; to! the ['city .'with ; «[•« very,
large majority.- The Fifth is not deem
ed; a ddubtful' district! '' ;";
; The : Call ¦¦ has received * : the ' following
inquiry; . '. ,; : \ : ' ..;':'
¦¦-'. ; ; v' v .- October 20.* 1804.
Editor Ban Francisco Call : - <^; V .. j- -- -.¦ , . -
r Can you kindly give the people some infor
mation ?- and ' at ? the > same time i settle | a I much
disputed question,! vis. : *,- What : has ! been , Wll .
11am Wynn's « politics ¦ up to the •¦ present , cam
paign T Ha is on the I Democratic I ticket,^ and
.his l lifelong | friends claim he is or always I was
a Republican.;. ,- ¦ A DOUBTFTJL V VOTBR.'V~,
In the Fourth ''District 'money^ is
wagered .that v Julius ;' Kahn will defeat
Liyernash, /the Democratic .nominee.
Kahn is making a" conservative/ digni
fied campaign .-and * will -surely l . receive
the votes of : many t of the workmen who
did ;hot line up with the: Republicans
two years ago. ''
: FIFTH DISTRICT.
Judge H. A. Melvin of the Superior
Court, Alameda; County, and Senator
Thomas B. Selvage are in Humboldt
County. Judge Melvin is a host in him
self and in a class of his own. In talk
ing and singing, he is the most ¦ capti
vating campaigner in California. J. N.
Gillett, Republican nominee for Con
gress, First District, will , speak at
Trinity Center to-night,' at Weaverville
to-morrow night* and at Redding .Wed
nesday night. Frank ; H. .-.-.Short:' of
Fresno, one of the ablest orators of the
State/will Join % GIllett ; at -Reddlng.vj A
great demonstration by the Republi
cans of 'Shasta will enliven the= cam
paign "on the Upper. Sacramento. ;¦ "' ': '¦"¦<
CongTessmari v J. C. Needham ; and
Seward A. Simons "will speak^ at- Santa
Cruz next- Thursday evening." v<; '""-.
The closing rally of the campaign in
Sonoma County 'at Santa Rosa;*-Mori
day.- evening, November V 7,; with j Gov
ernor Pardee and Duncan : E. McKinlay
to the front,- win Inspire the Republican
voters to active work on election day.f
y- It I is the belief at - Republican head
quarters that the Democrats Tare losing
ground ¦• in ''I every } district ¦ of - the " State.'
Tom Geary, the special champion of jthe
Democratic ; nominee ' for i Congress' in
the ¦ Second I District, . endeavors ' to f • put
up: a good front,, but it 'is known .that
he is discouraged by v - the ';' lack "- of fen
thusiasm for his candidate. .....
. The Republican State Central Com
mittee obviously proposes to finish the
campaign in a blaze of enthusiasm.
The alignment of the speaking talent
by General Stone indicates his impres
sion that the real battle ground is tha
Second Congressional District, It is
noted that United States Senator
George C. Perkins, Governor George C.
Pardee, Attorney General IJ. S. Webb,
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles, Seward
A. Simons of New York, T. B.Dozier
of Shasta, E. Myron Wolfe and Colonel
,T. V. Eddy of San Francisco will speak
this week in the Second District. Sen
f ator Perkins will speak in' the Sixth
District also with J. C. Needhani at
.Salinas to-morrow evening, October 25.
A great Republican demonstration is
expected. ,
Duncan E. McKinlay was in the city
a few hours yesterday and left in the
afternoon for Mendocino County, where
he will probably break all campaign
records for traveling and speech mak«
ing. He was the central figure of great
Republican demonstrations' at Williams
and Arbuckle Saturday. By traveling
fifty miles in, an automobile after mid
night he was enabled to ¦ connect with 1
the train coming to San Francisco." He
arrived in Willitslast night- This even
j ing he will speak at Ukiah. The enthu
siasm over his candidacy is so great
that predictions are made that he will
win out in Mendocino County-
Senator Perkins will. speak at Sacra
mento next Thursday evening. A Re
publican majority of 1500 in Sacramen
to County is predicted.
Governor Pardee and Attorney Gen
eral Webb will speak at Chico on Wed
nesday evening; at Marysville Thurs
day evening and at Woodland Friday
night. Every meeting will take on the
character of a great Republican ova
tion. The party. leaders are, out to win
every Congressional district In .the
State, and every Republican voter is
expected to do his duty to his party
and his country, regardless # of personal
preferences and individual inclinations.
JUDGE MEL VIN.
The South Side" Republican Club,
Thirtieth Assembly District, has-or
ganized by the election of Louis
Berger president and Robert S. Mc-
Cann secretary. ; On Saturday evening
a meeting composed of seventy mem
bers adopted . the following resolution
introduced by James T. McManus:
Believing In the perpetuity of our Govern
ment, ' and : having the welfare : of ' our ' party's
interest* at heart, we do hereby heartily in
dorse, the present administration, and wishing
the same to continue will use every/effort for
the success and election of Roosevelt and Fair
banks, and It is hereby further • i
Resolved, That in George B. Kearie, /our
nominee for Senatorlsl honors in the Twenty
third-'Senatorial District, we have> the right
man in the right place,' a' worthy representative
of .the. party's interest, and -a true friend to
labor, and who has their indorsement, as well
aa ours, '- for the position he' seeks, ' and which
we feel assured he will again. . ¦ - -.,.
We further ' reBolve that we use our every ef
fort for his success from this ' time forward
until the day of election.
KEANEIS INDORSED.
or formerly a Democrat. The fact is
established that he is a natural born
native son and a native son by profes
sion. In Mission Parlor he was known
as a constant talker. In Rincon Par
lor, where he* went after leaving Mis
sion, he is known • as : an " incessant
talker. He. was in the Union Labor
party two years ago and is in the Dem
ocratic party now. He has only one
more party; to join in order to make the
grand rounds.' When it comes to mak
ing a quorum he is the peer of any
statesman in the ; land, but it is -said
that he spells quorum with a K.
Miss Champion is the prettiest girl
in Firth. She is but 18 years old.
Friends persuaded her to file charges
with the board.
OMAHA, Neb., Oct. 28.— Because he
cuddled and kissed a pretty teacher
against her will. George R. Macdon
ald, principal of the Firth, Neb.,
schools, has been dismissed"; in dis
grace by the Firth Board of Educa
tion. Principal Macdonald visited the
schoolroom presided over by Miss
Grace Champion Just as the school
children were leaving for home at the
close of the day's exercises. He loit
ered a few moments and then threw
his arms about the teacher, kissing
her several times as she struggled to
get 'away from him.
"Tell of this and I'll see that you
are not only dismissed but will use
my influence with • Superintendent
Bowman to have your teacher's certi
ficate revoked," threatened Macdon
ald.
Nebraska Principal Severely Punished
for Embracing Beautiful but Un
willing School Alarm.
HTJGS A PRETTY TEACHER
AND LOSES HIS JOB
The so-called middle class will cease to ex
ist aa soon as the laboring class finds out that
it has had enough of capitalism. You need a
few more millionaires and tramps, the one
enslaved by superabundance of food, with lack
of digestion; the other cursed with abundance
of digestion, but lack of food. The capitalist
Is bound to attack the so-called middle class,
and when he gets -• through with you. gentle
men of the middle classes, . you will be ready
for us. You wilt then find that the time has
come to shake off the two platforms of the
same party which are in the field for electlor.
The nominee of one of these platforms was the
choice of J. P. Morgan, the nominee of the
other the choice of John D. Rockefeller. You
have no candidate, you of the middle elass.
You will be expatriated by these capitalists.
Then you will come to us. We will In turn
expatriate them.
NEW YORK, Oct.. 23. — Eugene V.
Debs, the Presidential candidate of
the Socialist party, addressed a meet
ing held here to-day in the Academy
of Music to ratify his nomination. The
hall was crowded and Debs was given
an enthusiastic reception. During his
speech countless red flags were waved
by his hearers. He said that the eco
nomic free'dom of the laboring class
hinges upon the showing which -the
Socialists may make In the coming
election and declared that the enmity
between the leisure class and the la
boring class Is increasing. Ho con
tinued:
.Middle Class.
Socialist Leader Makes Appeal to the
CROWD GREETS DEBS.
', The reply of Governor Wright was
received here from Manila at 1 p. • m.
to-day and is as follows:
MANILA, Oct. 23, 1004.— Secretary of War,
Washington, D. C.i With reference to your
telegram of the 20th, quoting recent^ utter
ances of. Judge Parker ¦ upon administration
and conditions here and requesting statement
of facts 'relating thereto, - 1 report as follows:
First — The statement that any considerable
number of officials hava proven corrupt. In
efficient or despotic does great injustice to a
body of hard-working, •elf-respecting Ameri
cans, whose character^ and service will com
pare favorably , with thpse of employes of the
Federal or State governments. While there
have been a number of defaults by subordi
nates, they are, few as compared- with the
whole,, and have been promptly - detected and
punished.' ' The total of defaults since July,
1901, s beginning civil ; government. : $78,550;
there has been no ultimate loss; the Govern
ment is protected by insurance. We have a
comprehensive civil service law, rigidly en
forced, under, which the antecedents and quali
fications of employes are scrutinized. Default
ers, 'with few exceptions, were appoint*-* dur
ing disturbed conditions, prior to the Inaugu
ration of the ' law. . Complaints . or oppressive
acts are . exceptional and are promptly inves
tigated and ! corrected. The relations between
the American officials and Filipinos as a rule
are cordial.
Second — There is- nothing warranting' the
statement that towns . are in ruin, lands are
going out of cultivation, . people ill fed, unable
to get work, and country ruined agricultur
ally. Towns are in the same, state as before
-the insurrection, save a few burned by the
Insurgents, which have ,- been rebuilt and reoc
,cupled. The towns generally, are populated
aa before. ¦ Sanitary conditions ¦ generally are
Improved ; : labor demand generally equals and
In . some cases . exceeds the supply, and at - in
creased wages. - .
In 1901 and 1902 epidemics of surra and
rinderpest destroyed property and 70 per cent
of the animals used In agriculture, , causing • a
reduced area of cultivation and considerable
distress, which the commission relieved by in
augurating public works through aid ¦ gener
ously extended by Congress.' We have suc
ceeded, by inoculation, i in checking rinderpest.
Those localities most ¦ seriously affected have
drawn from those where the disease i did not
prevail and this, together with the animals
imported j and the natural Increase, has caused
a steady Increase, so that at present there is
under ¦ cultivation nearly all the -lands hereto
fore cultivated. jMHifm 1 l '" l llli|MMMI) l *Wll«'
• During the fiscal year ending June 30.' 1904.
exports were $30,220,127. imports $33,221,250.
Exports fell off as compared with the previous
year because of the decrease In the copra and
sugar drops, due to a phenomenally small rain
fall ' In j certain sections and to - plague locusts
in others. Of the exportations. $21,794,960 was
hemp; of the importations, $11,648,814 was rice.
. the principal tood of the people. . . The present
crops in all lines are. . exceptionally good and
prices remunerative, and there- is not now and
will not befor the coming; year any suffering
from lack of food. » The enrollment In the pub
lic schools In 1903 was 184,202 and In 1904 263,
55C. . •
¦ Third— Taxation ¦ Is not : oppressive. Customs
duties average about 18 per cent ad valorem,
as compared - with 25 . per ; cent under • Spanish
rule.' -' Industrial ' taxes - are also less than the
Spanish. Receipts are honestly applied for the
benefit of the people.
- Fourth— It 'is ; not true 5 that ' there are ; whole
districts ; In ¦ the - hands of ladrones. There haa
. been an occasional - Instance during - the last
year of depredations of ladrones, who find con
cealment In tha ' remote ¦ mountain ! fastnesses
and £ raid : isolated settlement, and steal the carl
boos. They have been relentlessly pursued by
the constabulary and scouts, who are natives,
usually commanded by American officers. • As
a •, result of this policy \ ladronlam is no longer
popular f or i profitable. -I There is at ' this tlma
not a single band . of ladrones operating in the
great Island of Luzon and In I the Vlsayan Inl
ands. There are only four or five lad rone lead
ers" - with a f«w '¦ followers. ; . .• •-..*.-;
¦ -. There : Is ¦ no ¦ disorder t or disposition to vio
lence among the great mass of the people, who
are attending to their usual vocations. Ameri
cans • can •• and do go everywhere without dan -
Cer or ' thought : of - it. -v In „¦ 1903 - . there - were
about -, 18,000 , American < troops . in * the islands.
¦ This year, there are only about 12,000. It may
be stated generally, that life and ¦ property are
as safe here as In the United States. .
¦ Those . general statements '; as ' to ¦ peace and
order are Intended to apply to all of the Islands
inhabited by civilized Filipinos ; except the . Isl
and of Samar. It has a population In' the
mountains ", of ' the - interior, ¦ many of ' whom
have never - seen < a •¦ white • man, •: are semi - sav
; age i and . have a weakness for } raiding- , towns
along ¦" the coast. ¦ They are .* also : religious >, fa
natics, * generally directed by a pope ¦ claiming
to be Invulnerable. -<¦ Seven months : since i there
was * an eruption of : tbese people, who plun
dered * and burned •¦ a number , of " coast r towns,
kllllnz i men, women * and :: children -' when . the
; slightest c resistance was' offered. .They have
been given a severe lesson by the constabulary
and v scouts*, but * there • are still ¦ a number . of
small bands of. those people prowling about the
country.' . • Similar '--' half- wild j men > are found
scattered i through the mountains ¦ of ¦ the arch
ipelago, ; and until • their country..' is opened up
by ~ roads t- and c schools are - establ Ished *- occa
sional disturbances • of the ¦ character indicated
may* be: expected. - ; '-, . . • ;
>>»' Fifth— The ' statement that .' newspapers : are
bought sup {or r ; browbeaten;: Into 1 silence; .that
men ' who criticize the i commission are ostra
cized ; \ that -. all \ organs of 'expression of publlo
opinion f are * controlled,' "and ;¦ that * there t is no
free expression : of j the popular ', mind : are : whol
ly unsu pportable f by ( f acts.V- The ; right ', of free
; expression of , opinion : through .the press or oth-"
erwise i. Is ? recognized f here % aa in ¦ the -. United
States and • practiced ¦ with ¦ the . same : freedom;
the * only.fi limitation k being • responsibility " for
libelous f. and seditious ¦: ; utterances ; * the law
relative \ to l those '.. being ; drawn " from i Federal
and State statutes of the Union. .No newspa
per J has ;; been ?; subsidized S or f- browbeaten, nor
! has any one : been ; ostracized I for " criticising' the
commission/ M The * latter . have ' frequently - been
the subject ¦ both i of * crnicism* and attack by
newspapers and <• individuals.* 1 - Political "• ques.
; tions.-^ Including ; Immediate i Independence ¦- are
i every i day i discussed: frtely i and i without i inter
i ference; S theatrical , plays ; are ¦ not i censored.- «
JS a»»^only j possible excuse for • such - a state-
lie also said: '
"The situation in the Philippines to-day is
so terrible, that it passes the comprehension
of - our people at i home. Agriculturally , the
country ; i« lor the x time ruined. :Uand is go
ing out ' of cultivation, ' the population is ill
fed : and - in : some places unable to get work.
The ' country ; Is overburdened with taxation;
disease is prevalent, the farm animals dead;
the towns In many places in ruins; whole dis
tricts in the hands of ladrones; the price- of
products poor and unremuneratlve. Public
opinion ¦ has no free expression;- newspapers
are bought up, or are browbeaten into silence;
men of Influence, who criticise the commission,
are ostracized; the plays produced in the thea
ters are censored; there is not an organ of ex
pression of the popular voice that la not con
trolled. In* private life the men are subject
to a complete, far-reaching, thorough (system
of , espionage. Detectives appear in the guise
of servants and the oath of a single one is
enough to destroy a man's reputation, property
or even life itself."
Your comment as civil Governor upon this
statement of conditions in the islands is re
quested. • TAFT.
To Wright, Manila: The Democratic candi
date for President on " the 15th of the present
month, in a public 'address, said: •
. "But two classes of our people can hope to
be, benefited by our; holding the Philippines—
the j class which is always hunting for special
Government privilege* " and the class which
seeks to make j of office-holding a means of
livelihood. The ' latter class in the Philippines
comprises some officials, ; of whom a student
of the islands recently said, 'Of the character
of - many < in oftice, too little cannot b« aakl.
At the best, they . have . been inefficient; at the
wont, dishonest, corrupt and despotic. The
Islands seem, to have succeeded In getting the
very dregs of our people.' "
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 23.— The fol
lowing • cablegrams from Secretary of
War Taft to Governor Wright of the
Philippines and from; the Governor to
the . Secretary in reply thereto were
made public at the War Department
to-day:
, October 20. 180*.
ment Is that something ov«r a year a*o a
crack-brained playwright produced a play In
Tagalog full of insurrectionary utterance* and
culminating in tearing down and stamping
upon the American flag- upon the stage, for
which he and some of his fellow actors were
prosecuted and convicted. It is equally un
true that men In private life are subjected to
espionage or that detectives In the guise of
servants are employed. All these statements
are the variest nonsense without a scintilla of
fact- to support them. The only, use to which
detectives are put is to ferret out criminals, as
is done In the United States, and the number
of detectives employed by th« Government,
upon comparison, will be found to . be fewer
here in proportion to population than in New
York. Judge Parker has evidently been gross
ly deceived.
Cablegram to Taft Presents
Conditions' and Adds That
Judge Has Been Deceived
LINCOLN, Neb., Oct. 23.— Fumes
from an instantaneous heater in the
bathroom of his residence caused . the
death last night of Louis Foltz, a
young business man. His bride of
three months, who was in the bedroom
adjoining, was also overcome and is' in
a precarious condition. Only three
days ago had they returned rom their
wedding tour and commenced house
keeping In their new cottage.
While Foltz was taking his bath, his
wife sat in a chair reading and drop
ped off to sleep. When she awoke she
found her husband's lifeless body lying
at her feet. She screamed and Im
mediately lapsed again into uncon
sciousness..
The, husband had apparently been
overcome in the bathroom and had
succeeded in escaping to the adjoining
room, losing consciousness as be reach
ed his wife's side. The gas had also
penetrated the room where his wife sat
and attacked her while she slept. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Couple Had Just Returned
From Their Honeymoon
and Begun Housekeeping
0VEBC0ME IF BATHROOM
Progress and H ope I nstead
of Despair and Ruin.
Funeral services will be held at the
Barstow residence at 2 p. m. Tuesday.
The interment will be private.
With her husband she soon removed
to New Hampshire, remaining there
ten years, came to California in 1887
and to Oakland In 1371. where, a f aw
months ago, she celebrated her golden
wedding anniversary.
Early in life Mrs. Barstow devoted
her talents to the work of the church.
She was an organizer of the First
Presbyterian church of this city, and
a participant in its ¦ early struggles
when it occupied a little frame build
ing among the oaks at what is now
the corner of Thirteenth street and
Broadway. She was an' organizer of
the Woman's Exchange, of the Young
Woman's Christian Association and
for years its treasurer, and was the
prime mover for the formation of. the
Pastors' Aid Society. Her. life abounded
in good works, and her sweet voice was
heard for years in the choir of the
church In which her lot was caat. .
Mrs. Barstow belonged to none pf
the .women's clubs, but found her rec
reation in works of philanthropy .and
the culture of flowers.
' OAKLAND, Oct. 21— Mrs. Sarah
Snow Barstow. wife of former
Mayor Anson Barstow. died last
night at her residence, 1356 Frank
lin street, after a longr illness. She had
passed her seventy-eighth birthday
when the summons came, and laid
down her task as the close of an Illness
of nearly two years* duration*
Mrs. Barstow*s maiden. "name was
Sarah Snow, and she was descended
from stock prominent in Colonial his
tory. She was born at Barnard. Vt.
August 11, 1836, and married to Mr.
Barstow, in the town of her nativity.
May 11, 1850, by the Rev. Mr. Aspln
wall.
Young; Man, Newly Married,
"Loses His Life and His
Bride Is Seriously 111
HEATER'S FUMES
PROVE FATAL
PHILIPPINES AS PAINTED BY GOV. WRIGHT FORM SHINING
CONTRAST TO DARK PICTURE DRAWN BY PARKER
SARAH BARSTOW,
NOBLE WOMAN,
IS NO MORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER- 24.C; 1904.
ENERGETIC WORK
OF REPUBLICANS
Tuesday, October 25, Twenty-Eighth District, Occidental Hall.
Third street," near Howard— -Frank A. Markley, nominee forrSenator;
¦ William Mindham, : nominee for Asseinblyman; '¦ Juliiis^Kahn and
> legislative, candidates.V •; '¦¦•."•¦".-' •
Wednesday evening j Thirty-seventh '-District,''* Phelps' Hall, 317 De
visadero streetr— E. A. Hayes, Senator E. > I. Wolf, Frank Of
Jones, nominee for Assemblyman,' and Charles Shortridge.
Friday evening, October 28, Twen ty-nlnth v District, v Pioneer ' Hall,
Fourth street, near Market— Julius Kahiii-F. ; A.: Markley, hom- ¦
. iuee for Senator; J. A. Cullen, nominee for 'Assemblyman. "
Friday evening, October 28, Thirt y-first : Assembly District, . Potrero
Opera-house— Julius Kahn, Jeremiah I/ucey,' nominee for the As
sembly ; John S. Partridge. ' ¦
Saturday night, October 29, German-American Republican rally at
the Alliambra Theatei> r -'Julius Kahn, E., A. Hayes, Thomas B.
Dozier of Shasta, Geor«e H. Balirs and others.
Monday, October 31, -Thirty-fourth' District, Twin Peaks Hall— E. A.
.Hajes, Fred W. Severance and others.
Wednesday, November 2;. Forty-fifth District, Washington Square
Hall — Julius Kahn, John S.Xelson,; nominee. for Senator; Louis
Strohl, nominee for the Assembly, and other speakers to be an
nounced. •
Thursday, November 3, Fortieth Assembly District — Julius Kahn, ¦
Gus Hurt man, nominee for the Assembly, and other speakers to
be announced. . i/}kV : ?
Friday, November 4, Forty-second District, Saratoga Hall— Julius
Kahn, George B. Keanc, nominee for Senator; George A. McGow
an, nominee for the Assemb 1 y,' and others. ' * i ;^
Friday, November 4, Thirty-ninth Assembly District,' Richmond Hall.*
\ E. A. Hayes, Thomas E. Atkinson, nominee for the Assembly,
and others.
Week's Republican Meetings in San Francisco
NEW YORK. Oct. 23. — On board
the steamship Slavonia, which ar
rived to-day from Trieste, were 2063
Austro-Hungarlan immigrants. -
Thousands Come From Hungary.
I'olice Search for Captain George W.
Kirkman, Who Has Disappeared
From Fort Xiobrara.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Military au
thorities and police are searching for
\ Captain George W. Kirkman, U. S. A.,
tin command of Company I, Twenty
fifth Infantry, stationed at Fort Nlo
brara. Neb. He is charged by jew
elers of offering a check .in payment
for a purchase of jewelry amounting
to about $4300, which was returned
from a bank in Minneapolis marked
"no funds."
Major General Grant, In charge of
headquarters of the Department of
the East, to-day received word from
Washington that it was believed Kirk
man was in New York living under an
assumed name. He has been absent
from Fort Niobrara several weeks
without leave and the rumor also
reached Washington that he had part-
Ily wrecked a hotel in this city, doing
12500 worth of damage, for which he
had been arrested and was yet in pris
on awaiting trial. Kirkman was once
dismissed from the army, but reinstat
ed. Friends believe he is mentally de
ranged.
ARMY OFFICER COVERS
HIMSELF WITH DISGRACE
Her Bweetheart and self-confessed
accomplice. Will Kern, son of the mur
dered man, will be released next March
by expiration of sentence, and they
will be married at once. Governor
Cummins haa at last yielded to an al
most universal demand in granting the
parole. The crime was most extraor
dinary *»d the length of the sentence
was generally disapproved at the time,
owing to the feeling that the deed was
justified.
According to the confession of Delilah
Falls, which is substantiated, the elder
Kern deceived her when she was a girl
of 18, in the employ of Mrs. Kern. She
had numerous suitors, owing to her
beauty, and twice became engaged,
only to have Kern tell her nance her
Ktory and thus break the engagement.
Then Kern's son feU in love with her,
and when to him was related the tala
the girl confessed the truth, and they
jointly plotted the murder. The boy
furnished the revolver, and she shot
Kern to death, mutilating his body.
She confessed in order to protect Kern
Jr., who was about to be convicted of
the crime.
2
ADVERTISESLENTS.
/ PIANO \ M "»
\ GIVEN j]*
\ AWAY JJ Adyertiseraerit !
Why Shonldn't Yon Get. Thb
BRAND NEW -
Price $350
In Even Exchange for Your Old Piano or Organ?
READ THESE CONDITIONS:
Then Send in Your Name and Numbers
Your old piano or organ > has a number, the same as your -watch. If It
a^JSeiV^& P^fi&g^ : tb.b«*.. If i^isasauare >££.
Put the name and number of yonr , laftmment on » card, also
Tora own hum and the name of the wiper unbUgainr thi« ad^and
m*U or^brto^lt to oux store before Kovemtoer 15. »ont
In our show, window may be seen, the new harvard piano to be
given away. Its number has been securely covered and - 8ealed~an£' It °wlll
«?. e 10 *• "V the Swwd of this
piano will be made, fail t 0 na T , * the number wid name of your •
piano in our hands before that data. «~«o u* your
! T^% p Sr r f 2?« wht ?fi c piano or l .°, r^ &n ha * a number nearestto that of the
new HAEVASD will secure this piano in even exchange for the old orre
without any extra cost. Should^ there be more than one winning number'
the first one sent in will receive the new piano «»«"* UUU1U "' .
.^T nls c^? test - 1 2-? pe 7, to 2 v £ ry owner. of an old piano or ofiran livinsj
80 ' 8 '"^^^ a*.olu^no^lnr ,
Donft Wait-TScnd in Yoiir NunibcrsNow
falt^Snd^ c^dtt bXltlt l8 »ade .in good
931-933 Market St., - San Francisco
Union-Southern Pacific
Chicago via St. Lonis and retwn $72.50
St. Louis and reLurn direct* ... So7«50
A Choice of Two bays Only
October 26 etridL 27
It»*s Now or Never
Stopovers and Choice
of Routes Both Ways
». v. soon. So. Ait, v. r. a. b.'
. 1 Montaom«rr Stitrt,
Or any Southern Pacilc ; Acrent -The painfully pious are never power
fully so.
Bennett Burleigh Cables Alarming
News of Yellow Nation's Attitude.
: LbNDqN,';Oct;: 24.— Bennett \l Bur
leigh,¦¦;after, a .careful inquiry. /into. the
situation, cables the -Daily Telegraph"
from Shanghai that the political out-
LONDON, Oct 23;— The steam cut
ter Magpie, belonging to the Gamecock
trawler fleet, .which: '..was /fired on "}by
the Russian Baltic' fleeti'arrlvedlnjthe'
Thames to-night. Her; captain con-;
Signals of Fishermen Taken for, Jap
anese Order to Attack.
•¦. •¦ ¦ . ".? ' ¦' — •¦•'¦.
ROCKETS FRIGHTEN RUSSIANS.
CHINA \ BUYING ARMS.
The last news of the fleet was a
brief notice published stating that
they had passed Dover going south.
The only conceivable explanation of
such a story is the possibility that
some of the vessels may have been
at target practice, though this is not
considered likely. ,
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 24, 7 a. m.
Nothing has been heard here as yet
regarding the reported firing on Brit
ish trawlers by the Russian Pacific
fleet.
Czar in the Dark as to the. Cause of
the North Sea Affair.
NO NEWS FROM THE FLEET.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 23. — Press re
ports of the sinking of English flsh-
Ingr boats created a profound sensa
tion wherever they became known to
night. Officials promptly set It down
as an unhappy mistake, which added
dangerous complication to the war.,
Russia has feared submarine at
tacks upon the Baltic fleet and Count
Cassinl, the Russian Embassador, says
the sinking of the English trawlers
may have been the result of the • ex
treme precautions taken by. Admiral
Rojestvensky for the protection of his
ships. Count Casslni said: ;
f Russia has had good reason to ex
pect Tier enemies would attempt to at
tack* ; the Baltic fleet on its way to the
Par {East, possibly -with submarines,
possibly In other ways. As a result ex
treme precautions have been taken. It
was necessary that every safeguard be
thrown about the cruise of this squad
ron. I should_ think that If the re
ports are true~thls affair Is simply, a
deplorable mistake. It Is, of course,
manifest that our great battleship
squadron would have no object in dis
turbing fishing smacks."
Russian g Embassador Deplores Ad
miral Rojestvensky's Mistake,
BLUNDER, SAYS CASSINI.
MUKDEN, Oct 23. — The Russian
siege guns are beginning to come into
action. There was considerable artil
lery firing from October 19 to October
22.
The Japanese have evacuated Shak
he, but it would be premature to regard
this as the beginning of a general re
treat It appears rather to be a stra
tegic move so as to reinforce and re
align their greatly broken front
Scouts confirm the news brought into
the Russian lines by Chinese of a Jap
anese movement to the eastward, in
dicating that they have some fresh
developments maturing there.
It is entirely too soon to credit ru
mors circulated here and probably tele
graphed to St Petersburg that the
Japanese have abandoned Yentai and
retired to Liaoyang. On the contrary,
they apparently are preparing for a
stubborn resistance.
The Japanese on October 19 under
took a reconnaissance south of Lin
shinpu, but the Russians drove back
their advance guard and silenced their
battery with a loss of four killed and
eight wounded.
The Japanese occupied the village of
Shakhe the night of October 20 and
drove out Russian volunteers in the
surprise of an attack in the darkness.
The Riazan regiment then came up and
drove out the Japanese in turn. The
night of October 20 the Thirty-fifth
Eastern Siberian Rifle Regiment, tak
ing' advantage of the fog, advanced
and Lieutenant Zavyaloff, with a small
detachment, crept up to the Japanese
lines and carried off a gun and caisson.
Advance of Kuropatkin.
Preparing to Stubbornly Resist the
JAPANESE ARE ACTIVE.
Captain Parker confirms the details
of the fate of the trawler Crane and
her crew and speaks with intense in
dignation of the conduct of the Rus
sians. He says:
It is impossible that we could have been
taken for anything but trawlers. I can only
imagine that the Russians lost their heads
and blazed away In confusion, and, when they
discovered their mistake, steamed off.
Judging by the rapidity of the shots, they
were rapid-fire guns. I have seen some of the
shots embedded In the boats. They are about
the diameter but not the length of a big cu
cumber and with brass heads.
What with the darkness, the rain and the
glare of searchlights, we were unable to iden
tify the warships. After about a half-hour
the firing suddenly ceased and the fleet steamed
away i nthe direction of the English Channel;
firmed the details of the story received
from Hull, j He says:
On Friday night there were about forty ves
sels of the Gamecock fleet fishing In latitude
C5 degrees < 16 minutes and longitude 6 de
grees G minutes. It was a misty, drizzling
night. We spread over an area of 'some miles.
Our admiral had Just previously signaled by
rockets and colored lights the nshlng directions
for the night. Whether that had anything to
do with what followed I do not know. Tho
whole thing Is a mystery.
Presently, through the mist there appeared
the lights of many vessels, big and small.
Knowing that the Baltic fleet was en route, we
natuarlly assumed that they were Russians,
but I cannot say for certain. Th«y were sig
naling one another, and with powerful search
lights spied out every one of our fleet. Sud
denly some of the warships started firing at
about twenty boats which were nearest to
them. We at first supposed they were blarfc
shots and the boatswain of the Tomtit, which
was close in, held two big flsh out at arm's
length. Some ' say he was offering them to
the Russians In fun and others that he meant
to acquaint the Russians with the fact that wa
were peaceful fishermen and not disguised ene
mies. In any case, there, was no mistaking
our occupation, for we were close enough for
the Russians to see that our men were all
engaged In cleaning flsh. When we realized
that the Russians were firing shot, all became
terror and confusion. - Nets were cut away,
steam was got up and tho trawlers hurried
away • as fast as possible.
HULL, Oct 23. — From Interviews
with the members of trawler crews it
appears that the admiral of the fish
ing: fleet burned green flares to show
that they were harmless fishermen, but
these signals were ignored. Eighteen
wounded men are here for treatment
There is a rumor that the "Great
Northern fishing fleet" also was chased
by the Russians. This report has not
yet been confirmed.
EIGHTEEN WOUNDED MEN.
Douglas decided to study medicine
and the couple went to San Francisco.
There they lived four years, while
Douglas went through school, his wife
practicing her profession meanwhile.
After his graduation he began to prac
tice there, but one day told his wife
that he would try Chicago and went
East
He was not heard of again.. Then
the aged mother lost track of her
daughter. She has traveled back and
forth across the country, seeking for a
trace of the girl, but has never learned
anything definite. She is now in some
lonely part of the West, seeking her
daughter in some of the mining camps.
VIROQUA, Wis., Oct. 23.— The sad
story of Mrs. Annie Douglas, formerly
Miss Annie Steurnagel, of this city,
and of the mother's vain search after
traveling for 10,000 miles in the hope
of finding her daughter, has Just be
ccme known generally. Mrs. Douglas
disappeared from* San Francisco when
abandoned by her husband and noth
ing has been heard from her since.
Annie Steurnagel, by her own ef
forts, became a physician and went to
Butte to reside. The famous camp
was then at its best. She later went
to Grangeville, where her success was
still better, fine .met Douglas, a con
tractor, who persuaded her to break
her pledge never to wed. Mrs. Doug
las converted all her own property
Into cash and turned it over to pro
vide for her mother. Then the couple
went to Seattle.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
The return of Grand Duke Nicholas
to St Petersburg has evoked no com
ment and there is no further talk of
his appointment to the chief command
in Manchuria.
A "corresDondent of the Boerse Ga
zette has telegraphed to that paper
from Chefu that the Port Arthur
squadron Is anchored in the roadstead,
from which statement there has orig
inated a rumor that the squadron has
gone out to sea. "Of this report there
is no confirmation. It is believed the
correspondent has made an error j in
using the word "roadstead" for Van
chorage," which coincides , with his
statement that the Japanese ¦ are bom
barding the warships with a high an
gle flre from mortars on Pigeon Bay.
Lieutenant General Rezvy, command
ing the Twenty-first Infantry Division,
has been appointed to the command of
the Nineteenth Army Corps of the Vil
na district- This appointment is be
lieved to Indicate the inclusion of the
Nineteenth Corps in the Second Man
churian Army.
NINETEENTH CORPS TO GO.
The Japanese estimate that the Rus
sian losses In the battle of the Shakhe
amount to- 60,000 is not confirmed here.
A telegram from. Harbin reports the
passage north of 26,000 wounded. The
remainder, who are quartered in hos
pitals at Mukden, cannot exceed a few
thousand.
This meager but significant admis
sion — all that the censor allows to pass
over the wires— doubtless Indicates that
General Kuropatkin is maturing im
portant plans and distributing his
forces in readiness for another attempt
to break the Japanese resistance. The
roads are now dried by wind and frost;
the cold Is intense and flooded fields
have been frozen. Thus military move
ments are facilitated, though at the
same time it will be more difficult to
carry on intrenching work.
A dispatch from the Rusian front
gives a rumor that the Russian force
has made a detour to the west, arriv
ing abreast of Liaoyang, but there is
no confirmation of this report.
CONCENTRATING AT KAU PASS.
Great Importance is attached to a
report from Toklo that 200 Russians
have crossed the Taitse. River east of
Bensihu and that 20,000 are concentrat
ed at Kau Pass, twenty miles north
west.. This may indicate the direction
of Kuropatkin'* next blow, or, possib
ly, it is Intended to disconcert the Jap
anese and compel them to weaken their
forces on the railroad. Whatever Ku
ropatkin's ultimate object may be there
is no doubt that he is desirous of ob
taining the most reliable information
as to the number and disposition of the
force opposing his eastern flank. The
Cossacks may be relied upon to harass
the Japanese line of communication,
besides reconnolterlng. . ,
General Kuropatkin Is with the cen
ter of his army. On October 21 he per
sonally conveyed the congratulations
of Emperor Nicholas to Colonel Putl
loff and the Nineteenth Rifles for the
capture of Lone Tree Hill.
ST. PETERSBURG^ Oct. 24, 2:05 a.
m.— There is no change in the relative
positions of the armies on the Shakhe
River. General Sakharoft* telegraphs
that the Russians have been bombard
ing Lamuting and the Buddhist Templa'
at Linshinpu, while the Japanese have
been shelling the Russian position at
Shakhe and near Linshinpu- A dis
patch from Mukden reports that th*
Japanese are fortifying an important
height south of Shakhe, and that
neither side shows a disposition either
to advance or retire. Another dispatch
from the Russian front says the situ
ation is not yet ripe for the resump
tion of the offensive.
PORTSMOUTH, Oct. 23. — The re
port is confirmed here that vessels of
the Russian Baltic fleet stopped and
searched merchantmen off the Isle of
Wight.
LONG SEARCH
PROVES FUTILE
CHEFU, Oct. 23.— The Japanese on
tho afternoon of October 16 resumed
their attack on the Russian outer
•works at Rihlung Mountain. After
four hours' fighting they succeeded in
capturing a number of the Russian
trenches and one small hill. It Is the
belief at Dalny that a general assault
on Port Arthur will be made soon.
SHANGHAI, Oct. 23. — News has
been received thnt the steamship Can
ton, which sailed from this port, has
successfully run the blockade at
Vladivostok.
Continued From Page 1, Column S.
WARSHIPS SINK FRAIL CRAFT
MUKDEX, Oct. 23.— Sharp fighting
continues along the front. The Rus
sians are entrenching ground recently
occupied by them.
Slavs Concentrate
for a Flank
Movement.
MUKDEN, Oct. 23.— While no pitched
battle has occurred the last few days,
the two armies are kept in touch with
one another, holding the positions they
occupied when the - big battle ended.
There is no evidence that the Russian
army will rush northward, as was the
case after the battle of Liaoyang. In
fact, the Russians have another line
of defenses to fall back upon in the
event that they are forced out of their
present positions. During the last few
days there has been frequent artillery
fire, occasional Infantry attacks and
dally clashes between outposts and
scouts.
Unless the Japanese take the Initi
ative soon the Russians, it is expected,
will resume the offensive and endeavor
to drive the Japanese back, for the
purpose of insuring the safety of their
•winter quarters, which undoubtedly
will be north of Mukden, unless a
On the question of calling a peace
conference, he said: "Let us not call
a peace conference now when two na
tions are struggling in awful battle.
Such an action by President Roosevelt
would be a great error and would not
be looked upon with favor in Europe."
Turning to Morley, he asked:
"Don't you agree with me, Mr. Mor
ley, that Roosevelt has taken a strong
hold on the imagination of the English
people?"
"Yes." was th« reply.
Morley last visited this country
thirty-five years ago. He said to-day:
"England is of course interested in
your political situation and naturally,
I, as every Liberal, have a great ad
miration for American institutions.
All over England and the provinces
there is a growing good feeling toward
America. Every Briton admires
America and her institutions."
Morley will remain in America until
at least the last of November.
NEW TORK, Oct. 23.— John Morley,
the English statesman, arrived to-day
on the steamship Celtic During his
stay in this city Morley will be Andrew
Carnegie's guest.
When Carnegie, who also arrived on
the Celtic with his wife and daughter,
was Informed that money was needed
to maintain the Peace Palace at The
Hague, he said:
"I have nothing to do with that."
ROADS NOW DRY
Steel Magnate Does Not Look
With Favor on Roosevelt's
Proposed Peace Congress
Frequent quarrels between the young
man and his imperial relative finally
resulted in his leaving the Turkish
capital with a vow that he would
never return. That was ten years ago
and It Is said that the Prince has not
since trod on the shores of Bosphorus.
Prince Hassan has very strong views
on the outcome of the present Russo-
Japanese war, which he predicts will
end in a victory for the Russians, al
though he says the empire of Nicholas
has only one friend on the eastern
continent and that is Greece, the sub
jects of which recognize in the Rus
sian Czar the head of the Greek
church throughout the world.
Prince Hassan Is also of the opinion
that missionaries from this country
are wasting their time in trying to con
vert the followers of Mahomet, for he
argues that the people born in the
Mohammedan faith will never abandon
that faith except under extraordinary
circumstances.
The Prince, who is accompanied by
his servant, is reputed to be a multi
millionaire, who lives in a magnificent
palace in Cairo, in the court of Khedive
Abbas, whither he was practically
exiled by his uncle. Sultan Abdul
Haxnid of Constantinople. It is said
that the nephew's political views,
•which he was wont to express too
openly, were resented by the Sultan.
who regarded them as a shade too
liberal for the despotic conditions of
the Turkish realm.
Prince Vxiz Hassan, nephew of the
Sultan of Turkey and a cousin by mar
riage to he Khedive of Egypt, arrived
here yes:erday and is registered at the
Palace. The visitor has been making a
tour of the' country, which Included a
visit to Washington, where he was ac
corded the courtesies due his rank.
From there he went to the St. Louis
exposition and continued his Journey to
this city by way of the Yellowstone
Park. He will sail on the next steamer
for the Orient.
Political Views of Visitor
Are Xot Pleasing to
His Imperial Relative
The Russians bombarded the village
of Shakhe on October 20 and 21, but
fired only about sixty rounds. After
the. evacuation of Shakhe village by the
Japanese they were compelled to aban
don the station to avoid a flank attack
from the village.
The Japanese prisoners are treated
by the Russians with the greatest
kindness. At one hospital visited by
the correspondent Japanese privates
were found in the officers' ward.
Rumors are afloat that one of the
Russian western corps has gone around
the Japanese left and is now abreast of
Liaoyang, but the statement lacks con
firmation.
southward advance be successful.
Another big battle is expected shortly,
as the weather is already turning cold.
It will be Impracticable for the two
armies to winter in their present posi
tions, midway between Mukden and
Liaoyang. , ¦
Details have Just been received of
reconnaissances in force on Tumln
Pass. Columns consisting of two rifle
regiments' and two battalions advanced
on October 18 and in the evening occu
pied a position westward of the pass.
Early in the next day the columns
again moved forward and with artillery
opened on the Japanese advance posi
tion, which was weakly held;
The Japanese main strength was dis
posed behind the crests of hills. A
Japanese mountain battery came out.
but was quickly silenced. Russian
gunners then shelled the heights occu
pied by the Japanese and infantry at
tacked under cover of this flre and
cleared out the Japanese from their
advanced positions, whence they took
refuge on the heights. The Russian
eclumn withdrew during the night,
having achieved Its purpose In ascer
taining the Japanese strength at this
point.
Continued From Page 1. Column 0.
GREAT BRITAIN IS ENRAGED
may be had, and, second, to keep out of harm's way for
the future."
The skippers of the Moulmein and Mlno, J. A. Smith
and Sol Jackson, arrived in London at 3 o'clock this morn
ing; but, beyond confirming the previous story, th«y de
clined to say anything before consulting the authorities.
Inquiries at Devonport last night showed that no spe
cial naval movement had been reported and that Admiral
Seymour had no official news of the outrage.
Admiral Freemantle. in the course of an Interview,
said he was unable to believe that it was the Baltic fleet
which fired on the* Hull fishermen; but, If so, he added,
nothing but the most complete apology would be satisfac
tory. " -¦*•¦¦•¦'"¦;•¦•;
Sir Frederick Pollock, an authority on International
law, said:
" "If the facts are as stated, it is an act of war. It must*
mean an ultimatum or an apology within forty-eight hours
or so. It will probably be found,. however, that some Rus
sian commander lost his head, suspecting Japanese designs,
and that he will be cashiered and an apology ordered."
"sazonoffT'one of the officials of the Russian Embassy,
last night expressed deep regret for the North Sea inci
dent. He was convinced, he sad, that the unfortunate
event was the result of an accident. If there had been
firing it could only have been due to suspicion of some hos
tile attack upon the fleet.
here and are being tended with the
greatest care. Every available hand
has been set to work in the making
of 40,000 shirts for the wounded.
TjATE SHIPPING INTEIiLIGEXGE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Oct 23.
Btmr Gipsy. Gray, 25 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Maggie, Eagles, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr La Gas
cogne, from Havre.
¦ ? »
DIES FROM EFFECTS OF FALL.— Charlea
Walton, who fell from the top of a three-story
building on Post street Friday, died at the
Emergency Hospital last night. Ha lived at
143 Lexington itrert.
look from Shanghai is worse now
than prior to the Boxer outbreak in
1900.
Widespread operations of secret so
cieties, he says, show a dangerous re
crudescence of anti-foreign feeling.
Drilling of large bodies of well
equipped troops Is proceeding night
and day In many districts of southern
and middle northern provinces and
the Chinese authorities, are buying
wholesale all kinds of military equip
ment and stores.
Caring for 20,000 Wounded Men.
HARBIN, Oct. 23. — More than
20,000 wounded soldiers have arrived
FIRST VISIT IN YEARS
Artillery Combats and Reconnaissances in
Force the Preliminaries to the Second
Battle of the Shakhe.
AT OUTS WITH UNCLE
Battle's Renewal
a Question of
Hours.
British Statesman Arrives,
Accompanied by Carnegie,
Whose Guest He Will Be
KUROPATKIN READY TO AGAIN ATTEMPT
TO HURL BACK THE ARMIES OF OYAMA
Nephew of the Sultan of
Turkey \rrives on His
Way to the Far Orient
FRiNCE HASSAN
COMES TO TOWN
JOHN MORLEY
IN NEW YORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1904.
• LONDON, Oct 23. — The Russian Pacific (Baltic fleet)
squadron, comprising seven battleships and four cruisers,
passed Dover In three sections between 6 o'clock this
morning and 2 o'clock this | afternoon and later passed
Eastbourne. It was watched by large crowds from the
went through the Moulmein's galley. The Mino,
lying near by, was also struck by many shots, but
fortunately, the d amage was above her water line
and none of the crew was hit.
. The bombard ment lasted about twenty minutes.
When it had ceased the fleet sailed southward and
some of the trawlers sent up rockets. The Motil
mein steered in the direction of the rockets. Soon
cries were heard, and. the Crane was found sink
ing, with still another trawler taking oft" some of
her crew. Those seriously wounded were removed
to a Mission ship and the bodies of Smith and
Loggott were placed aboard the Moulmein. The
other men with minor injuries were put aboard the
trawler Seagull.
Crowds gathered around the dock here, but no
further information is available. Representatives
of the fishing fleet started late to-night for London
to consult with the authorities there. No motive
can be assigned for the extraordinary procedure of
the Russian warships.
shore. Nothing has been seen of the torpedo-boat flotilla,
which, however, may have paased during the night, as
Lloyds at noon reported. four Russian torpedo-boats pass
ing St. Catherine's Point, "apparently boarding a steam
ship bound east." j
A dispatch from Cherbourg reports that three Russian
torpedo-boats, escorted by the volunteer cruiser Korea, are
moored In the roadstead there to take coal, water, etc
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUR NERVES
Are the life, the vitality, the energy of
vour body.
It is the nerves that cause the heart to
pulsate, the lungs to inhale the oxygen,
the brain to direct the motion of every
organ of the body, the stomach to digest
food, the liver to secrete the bile, the
kidneys to filter the blood and the bowels
to carry off the waste.
When the nerves of the stomach be-
come weakened or exhausted. Indigestion.
Constipation and Inflammation result,
because the stomach is inactive.
This is true of all the organs of the
body, and proves that to cure disease you
must strengthen the nerves.
DR. MILES' NERVINE
Is the great specific for the nerves, and
In bringing them back to health never
fails to cure all cases of Nervousness,
Sleeplessness. Neuralgia, Headache, >
Spasms. Backache. Muscular Twitchlngs,
St. Vitus' Dance, Epilepsy, Stomach,
Liver and Kidney troubles.
"For 2 years physicians and health re-
sorts failed to relieve me of a compllca- '
tion of stomach, liver, kidney and heart
affections. Six bottles of Dr. Miles' Ner-
vine cured me." — G. W. ARCHBOLD,
Grocer, Decatur, Ind.
The flrst bottle will benefit. If not. the
druggist will return your money.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
Always . Remfmber tht Fall JNfine
¦ axative Rromo
Cores a Cold inOneDty, Gr$ln 2 Days
JB /92f Jjr eaevery
ASSSESaaXZTT a*OTZC£8.
NOTICE— Taxes <lae upon assessments mad*
lay the State Board of Equalization. Con-
troller's Department. State of California.
i^Jrimeiito. October 11. 1904. In acoord-
-nc* with the provisions of section S«6o of
ihVPoliacaJ Code, notice is hereby a-Ivea
tt«.t I nave i-ece»ved from the State Board
I7V atta ilx*tlon the "Duplicate Record of As-
LtenUcts of Hallways" and the "Duplicate
Record «t Apportionment of Railway Assess.
lI nWi » containing the assessments upon the
property ot each of the following named
?£2cuxions or corporations, as fixed by said
£sw Board of Equalization for tie year
Central Pacific Railway Company. South
Pacific Coast Railway Company. Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. Southern Cali-
fornia Motor Road Company. Carson and
Colorado Railway Company. California
Northwestern Railway Company Oee.ees of
J^L, KTanciaco and North Pacific Hall-
!!-%) Southern California Railway CompaaV;
*_ Airhiaon. Top«lca a.nd 6*nta Fe Railway
g.SrKorth Shore Railroad Com^Sy'
£«clfit Coast Railway Company. P»j ar o Vail
£y Consolidated Railroad Company. Nevad*
r*anty Narrow Gaure Railroad Company:
Railway ComSSJ;
B^JaValleya Railway Company. Alamedi
«J i san Joe-qoln Railroad Company, Sierra
J£uway Company of California. GuaJala £5
Company. L*"e Tahoe Railway and Trans-
Srttttc* Company. Boca and Loyalton Rsjj.
San Pedro^ Lo. An,ei« an d
f£i\ Lake Railroad Company, and the Pull-
¦man Conapfc-Dy.
"xhe 6**" and county taxes on all per.
«S property and one-half of the 6m.
££ county taxes on all reaf property are
J£«r due and payable, and will be dellnqucc"
en the latt Monday In November M xi «
6 o'clock P. n»^ and unless paid to the state
Treasurer, at the CapltoL prior thereto. I
ier c«nt wiU b« added to the amount thers- i
SJ and unless bo paid ot' or before the last '
Monday in April next, at 6 o'clock p. m ., M
Additional o per cent will be added to th«
amount thereof. • •
The remainlnr one-half or the Etaie and
county taxes on all real property will be due
and payable at any time after the Arse
Monday tn January next, and will be dcUa-
aucnt on the last Monday In April next, at
e o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the
Ctate Treasurer, at the Capitol, prior thereto.
t pet cent will be- added to the amount
tk ***° B. P. COLO AN. State. Controller.
ADVERTISOIEXTS. m
Great*
Specials
In Golf and Stiff Bosom
SHIRTS
75c* I- 00
$1.25 $1.50
You Save 25c on
Every Shirt.
And besides the savins you will get
the best fitting, best styled, best
looking, most comfortable, longest*
wearinig and most satisfactory
Shirts in the market.
We make them ourselves— for our
Six Big Stores- -and no detail that*
tends toward shirt-excellence is
slighted or skipped.
Because of oar system of selling
direct* from factory to wearer we
can afford to sell Shirts at the
came prices oar competitors pay at*
wholesale.
We Bay Underwear di-
rect from the mills and
Sell it at Wholesale Prices
Gaoii frt*lj ExoSungsd tad Xsnty Eafandsi.
EA6LES0N & GO.
780-786 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Zios Anjreles and Sacramento.
Shirt factory. 533-535-537 Market St.
Coughs
Sore Throat
V^ s* ¦ sm
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
60c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
¦*jdBP*faM MENANDWDMEfr.
<CftB|S'TXBZ3Hte9 Uie Big G for tranatnral
S&gST •» * •• * **T»-\S <Hsch»rgaf,lnfl«nim»tioai,
BaB 0u»aue4 fl irriutioni or ulcuratloa*
a**W »•• «• ittlitm. of mucoos membr»n»«.
Trim* Ca.u«4*a. Ptlnlatt, »nd not utrta>
gyaValETiHSCHEMiSALCo. font or poiionoua.
WsjL «SC1IIUT!,O.B?H «eld by Dr«n*ats»
W^k U.O.A. !2fia or ** nt la p'» |a wripv«T.
JNtsSSb^ ><Wa br azpreis. preptld. it
V^B WBtBZrm ttoo, orst>«tiiMt3.7a. i
-• h circul*/ isst oo naaofb
OCEAN TRAVEL.
><tV-" 12>%. Steamer* leavo Broadway*
¦fw5*»-^CQs wharvea (piers 9 and 11).
jBtr San Francisco:
fa710%y\ For Ketcblkan. ¦Wr*a*»i - :
M VC*S\ I I J u neau. TMadwells, Haln««, (
I I MkAi I Skagwar. etc.. Alaska— It!
Wk M^^lfcf/ •• m -« October 13: 17. 22. 27.;
Nov - !- Chan^i* to this com-.
pair's »teamer» at Beattl*. .
For VlctorJa. Vancouver.!
Port Townaend. Seattle. Tkcoma. EverMt.
Booth Belllnc ham. Belllxiffham — 11 a. m.. Oct.!
12, IT. 22. 27. Not. L Chans* at Se&ttls to;
this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N..
Ky. ; at BeattI • or Taeoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancotrrer to C. P. Ky.
Vor Eureka (Hutnboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3d
p. m.. October 13. 19, 25, SI. Nor. 8. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. October 4. 10. 18. 22. 29. Nor. a. '.
For Los Anselr* (via Port Los Angeles anc|
Redondo). San Dlero and Santa Barbara—'
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. to.
For Los Anzeles (via San Pedro and Eaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Man-
terey, San Simeon. Cajrucos, Port Hartord <3aa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura ani Hueneme.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. October 14. 22. SO. Nor. T,
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. October 10. 13. 28. Nor. 3L
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas, Santa Ro-
salla. Ouaymaa (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Rlcae
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing date*,
TICKET OPFICHS — 4 New Monrffom*
•ry st. (Palace Hotel>. 10 Market st...ind Broa.l-
way wharves. Treiarht OSce 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Afrat*
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 gutter st. wCt
call for and check bag?a«r- from hotels and!
residences. Telephone Exchange 313.
occaaic$.5.co.sa^£.
8. S. AUIMEDA, for nonoluln. Oct. 29. 11 m.m.
S. S. SIKRRA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurwlay. Nov. 10. 2 p. m.
8. 6. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Not. 25. 11 a. m.
].D.SFHICmS k B203. Ctt, Aztl.TlC&t 021(2643 SlT-
iit Fniz&t rancs 323 mm si, m i Piciic n
COMPAGSIE eiffX&lLI T3AS3ATLASTI3 J£
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS m^^
Balling «Tery Thuriday Instead of zA&Sfx
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 4* 1 ««™»y
• North River, foot of Morton st.
First claa* to Havre. (TO and upward. 8s*.
end class to Havre. $15 and upward. Qs>f-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, n Broadway <Hud*on bulldta**.
Mew Tort. J. T. FUGAZI * CO.. Pactflo Coast
Agcata. 8 Montgomery av«*ra». Saa Fraaetaoa,
Tl«k«U sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
TO U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMEB H. J. CORCORAN
Leaves 8. F.. CUy st.. N end «f Ferry bid*,
dally 9:30 a. m.. 3 and *S p. m. Sunday*.
8:30 a. m.. S p. m.. leave Vallejo dally «:M
a. m. 12:20 and 9:30 p. m. Sundays 5 p. m»
FarT 25c P. A. a Co. Phon* Mala ftU.
'Saturday escepted.
Tor XJ. S. Vary Tarsi and Vallejo.
Strs. General Frlsbie. Montlcello and Arrow.
8:45 a.m.. 12:80p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 8 p.m.. 8:30 p.
m Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:43 a.ia.,
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m., 8:30pm. Leave Vallejo. t
a.m.. 9a.m.. 12:30p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Saa.
day*. T a-m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 pm.. ft p.m. Pier X
n/MlaslQB St.: phone Main 1808. HATCH BROf*
Weekly Call $1 per Year
_ _ _ _ ' APyE^^SJEMENTS. t _^ J^_ 1 -^- J ,^^^^
Tii&y GROCERIES. LIQUORS. rrX
linn EXTBA COFFEE SPECIALS: XMcrawood Whiskey BA\l
(1LJ/ • Java and Mocha, reg. 25c..lb. 23c full at. bot $1.00 fj) {all
KYjY Fresh roasted. In any quantity. case of 13 bots.S10.50 M Tl3f
raf|\ Straight Costa Rica lb. 20c Perfection. W IlMa
Mill Extra Hotel Blend. lt>. 16o STagles Brandy ..bot. SI [j liM
C*W Ground. Retf. 25c. 1896 vintage. White v5~f$
JiSL Bea * Granulated Sugur..l8 lbs. 81 Label. Reg. $1 BO. (iJffm limn
isfl\ I'ure cane — fine dry — with orders. Berber's Abllntna . . . yCuUfli IS Pal
ISLJil Freshly Churned Creamery But- Reg $1.60.. bot. 31.23 £^~~ \alBl
YjB ter, worth 55c square 35c Imported. «p ¥R»i
liKI Banner creamery. No limit. Italian or French Ver- £«**y< mil
lEPy Eastern Ham lb. 13Vio mouth bot. 48o >~~" ifflJJj
«L\ Picnic Hams lb. 9^4c Reg. t3c. * fjJ&l
jWUl Cut»e Susrar 16 lb«. Sl.oo ATjbey Brand Sweet C3JP Urt\
IH III Malted Breakfast Pood. 15o vktr. Wines: . BUM
aWI/ 5o XX Tonio Fort sral. 75o IVX
rAS* Standard Toma- Resr. $1 oo. f/nVj
fgmr ff^IESTCTSra toos..4 cam 25c ZZ Tonio Sherry gal. 75c gjjj}
VB&A. \*s^*^w| Mott '" Apple Private Stock \ Tokay., gal. $1.00 Jiol
(Of $7*^1^1 N B^iet appi'e Bella Blinca St. Jullen Claret. .»*•
M „ Ju '*f" He ?' 5 °t aiSSdelTreg 75c! ". ! '. ! ! igal" lot fP8
IM) ft ' Bice 25c Bella Blanca Sauterne. . .gal. 75c yUW
M Thompson'. Seedie 8 .-°sul^p |^ If S^Sk^f ' a5 gff
«Uf bsually lac lb. . ... .3 lbi. 25c Blue Gras , Bonri3OI1 . . .g-j. ,3^5 g(S
waA 5-lb. can Pure Iieai Iiard. .. .55c "Kentucky's best." Re?. $3 50. sail
• llfni Pure IlU " !a 011 at ' n^£ t# if 0 William*' Scotch Whiikey fin If
liny Eastern Cheese 2 lbs. 25c p w( »p. $1.25 Dot. 90c WtM
\ptjf Euly Prunes 7 lbs. 25o •Williams & Sons. fdfik
f.JSL New Pack Susrar Corn.3 cans O5o Maryland Club Whis- iSn\
IHUI Romans a la Bordelalse Sardines q key, res. $1-25... 65o MJIf
UjMu Reg. 20c 2 cans 25c gj Paul Jones Whiskey. . vSTX
K&tt Smith'sAberdeen Kippered Her- fij, bottle 70o /SMl
fWll rinjr can 15c; doz. S1.70 III Rye or Bourbon. MJil
UUO Imported German Suffar Wafers Wiedemann's Export Sll/
VKJX Re*. .".0c tin 20o ffi M Beer. .dos. Qts. S1.5O B&L
ftflM Tanglefoot Ply Paper Vi^X ' dozen pints 90c Nyl
Ul Hi No limit... 4 double sheets 5c loirott Newport, Ky.. latest JrTB/
YjK Macaroni or Vermicelli UtOti Eastern beer in this [i£&L
ft£f\ 25c box 20o p-ir* market. Introductory Iffy?!
fl/Til Royal Savon Soap 8 for 25o c'y* price. WUU
ifTJf Lenox Same prtc* ESSTj Hostetter'* Blttexs. . . %ST\
HAll Eastern Middles 3 Ids. 25o 1 **=i=s» Reg. S5c bot. 70o EavN
lira] Pure Cod 40-lb. box S3.00 H. B. Whiskey bot. 83c Kill)
wC\ Ice Cream Soda irlass 5o Hubert 1 * popular brand. Re*?, si lo. kuI
fflVll 10-lb. box Soda Crackers 35o Gilka Xummel bot. S1.05 £fJS\
Mini 3-lb. carton Sodas, reg. 25c. .15o Mitchell's Prim* Brand, .bot. 6O0 Sgnif
EUu Fancy Walnut Cream Biscuits. . Blackberry Brandy bot. 50c WZW
TtMl Res. 20c lb. 15c Old Holland Gin, reg. $1.35 lifvS
firm Xiaundry Starch 6 lbs. 25o larsre sctnar* bottle 95c la W
HHB Cocoanut Taffys, reg. 20c. lb. 15o Old Tom Gin. reg. 90c. .bot. 63o l&V
*^a Table Salt 3 sacks 5c Burke's Ala and Porter..dos. $2.00 yELAProhibitionists Hold Convention.
OAKLAND, Oct 23.— The Prohibi
tionists of Alameda County held their
county convention last night at Lor
ing Hall.. C..H. Dinsmore was elect
ed permanent chairman and Mrs. L.
G. Sommers permanent secretary. The
County Central Committee was ap
pointed, • the members being: Rev.
George Morris and B. H. Webster,
Alameda;<P.-B. McCabe. Allen Church
and C H. ; Dinsmore, Berkeley; J. H.
Montgomery, Rev/. Mrs. Emma Pau
Bander, J. W.. Phillips, R. E. Blight,
S. P. Meads and Allen Shorkley, Oak
land. ' ¦ ¦
Demise of William Johns.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 23. — William
Johns, a retired mining man. passed
away this morning at his home, 2021
Santa Clara avenue, of congestion of
the lungs. He was a native of Eng
land, aged 80 years, and is survived by
a wife, Margaret, and four 'children.
William F.. S. % J., A. T. and C. R.
Johns. His funeral will be hold Tues
day at half-past 12 from his late resi
dence. Interment will be in Mountain
View Cemetery.
It had been planned to take the
Vice President and his friends through
Chinatown in the evening, but Senor
Corral felt a bit indisposed and the
trip was abandoned, with the under
standing, however, that it would be
made fater in the week. Arrangements
have been made for a trip around the
bay to-day on one of the Government
tugs, from which the party will have
an opportunity to view the fortifica
tions, and, if they so desire, they will
be landed at the Islands or at Fort
Baker. On Tuesday Senor Corral and
other male members of his party will
be entertained by the Family Club and
after that the time of the visitors will
be .taken up with private functions.
In discussing the visit of Vice Presi
dent Corral *to San Francisco General
Torres said, yesterday that it had been
one of the' most enjoyable incidents or
his trip. "Nowhere," said ihi gen
eral, "has Senor Corral been made to
more keenly appreciate the hospitality
of the American people. The reoep
tion accorded him the other evening
at the banquet at the Palace Hotel has
left a deep impression on his mind and
has reassured him that' Mexico has its
best friend in the United States."
Vice President Ramon Corral of
Mexico and the members of his dis
tinguished party spent the greater
part of yesterday seeing the sights of
San Francisco. Few of them were new
to Senor Corral, for he has visited the
city before and Is well acquainted with
its many attractions. T,he others of
his party, however, found much to In
terest them. Leaving the St. Francis
Hotel in automobiles, the visitors were
taken through several portions of the
residential part of the city and then
proceeded lelsurefy through Golden
Gate Park, where they were enrap
tured with the scene that nature af
forded them, and enjoyed the ride out
to the ocean beach, where they were
taken along the boulevard and enter
tained for a time at the Cliff House.
SENOR CORRAL
TAKES A RIDE
Matilda Healy to Giuseppe Dal Calcon. lot
on S line of Pine street. 27:3 W of Webster. W
27 by S 10O; $10.
Joseph Brandenstein et al. to Mary F. Lane
(wife of Frederick J.), lot on S Una of
street, 165 E of Pierce. E 30 by S 137:6; $10.
James Ambrose to Emanuel Velladass undi
vided fifth of lot on W line of Wood street,
371:9 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 53 by W
10O; $100.
Minnie L. Hatch to Nellie Clark, lot on W
line- of Central avenue. 100 3 of Haight street.
S 25 by W 112:6; $10.
William and Ada Havard. John E. and Mar
garet C. Hill to Robert Watson, lot on 3 lin»
of Sacramento street, 137:tt W ot Laurel, W
27:8 by 8 132:7%: $10. .
Jacob Herman Company to John F. Garvey.
lot on W Una of Noe street. 75 3 of Twenty
first. S 25 by W 80; »1O.
Matthew and Madeline E. McCurria to Realty
Improvement Company, lot on W line of De
visadero street, ICO S of Dubuce, S 5, W 114.75,
NW 5.017. E 115.17; $10.
George S. and Ollie E. Crim to John J.
Breslin. lot on W lino of Florida street, 104
S of Twenty-third. S 26 by W 100; S10.
J. P. Fuller to Martin C. and Catherine T.
McDonnell, lot on N line of Twenty-eighth,
street. 2CO E of Dolores. E 25 by N 114; »IO.
Archibald C. and Esther E. Gunter to Au
gust Petiold, lot on-NW corner of Jackson and
Front streets, N 45:10 by "W 137:6; $10.
Margaret Geoghegan to Ada E. Honeyman.
lot on SE line of Folsom street. 225 SW of
Fifth. SW 25 by EE 00; $10.
Bernhard and Rosa Gets to Martin Ivan
covieh. lot on E line of Ninth aventM. 150 3
of H street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Hermine Dangers (wife of Diedrtca) to Jacob
Hoeges. lot on E Una of Harrison street. 200 S
of Marteosa, S 30 by E 124:3; $10.
Elizabeth T. and Frances M. Tuley to O«org«
Todhunter, lot on W line of Tw«nty-thinl
street. 150 |S of Clement street. S 50 by W
120: $10.
• Solomon and Dora Gets to Alfred J. Bou
dreau, lot on SE line of Paris street. 230 NB
of China avenue, N*E 25 by SB 100. block IT.
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
John W. and Rebecca Lee to Mary T. and
Rose W. Jacobus, lot on N line of Rlchland
avenue, 123 W of Mission street. • W 23 by N
ICO. lot 24. block D. French and Gilman tracts;
$10.
Mary Ralph to James Rolnh Jr.. lota 2S and
29, block 1, Garden Tract Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
W. H. Fuller (owner) with Andersen A
Andersen (contractors), architect J. C. Pet
ton — Brick, foundation work and chimneys
for a frame building (flats) on S lint of Page
street, between Buchanan and Webster. 50
Xl37:6; $1847.
C. W. Baird (owner) with sam« contractors,
architect same— Brick foundation and chim
neys for a frame building (data) on 8 line of
Page street, between Buchanan and Webster.
30x137:6; $1260.
Mattie E. Gibbons (owner) with S. T. Mo-
InnLs (contractor). architect — All work
for a 4 -room and basement eottage on E lisa
of Patton street. 1C0 N of Highland avenue;
$16C0.
Pierre and Francois Labrucherle (o>wners>
with A. F. Devereaux Jr. (contractor and
architect) — All work for a cow barn, straight
ening of present shed and milk room now
partly blown down, securing and bracing the
same and replacing the same aa It stood be
fore the accident on block bounded by Bacon.
Harvard, Wayland and Gambler streets, be
ing block 164 of University Extension Home
stead Association; $2CC0.
SATURDAY." OCTOBER 22.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
avenue, owned by Peter H. Stubbe, to
Fred Lubben. ; * ' '/
Hawks & Mehrtens of the West End
report that all the desirable residences
in their section of the city are occupied
and that aa soon as a new house is
completed there is a long list of pros
pective tenants awaiting. This firm
negotiated the sale* of property at the
West End during the week on which
eight homes are to.be erected. Work
has already commenced on several of
the buildings. Five of the houses are
to be built on Haight avenue, between
Sixth and Seventh streets, one on
Haight avenue and Linden street ana
two on Sixth street, near Santa Clara
avenue. Hawks & Mehrtens also dis
posed of a five-room cottage on Haight
avenue between Sixth and Unden
streets.
Frank N. Dodd of the Alameda Land
Company is authority for the state
ment that his firm is negotiating a
transfer of improved local property in
which $15,000 is Involved, and which the
company- expects to put through be
fore the first of November. This firm
is completing a five-room cottage on
Buena Vista avenue and Lafayette
street and an Eastlake residence on
Clinton avenue and Oak street, both of
which will be' offered for sale. Mr.
Dodd says that among the inquirers for
local property of late there have been
a number of United States army of
ficers. There is already quite a colony
of martial men here and the number
is steadily increasing.
Charles C. Adams & Co. of Bay Sta
tion report that renting with them has
been spirited. During the week the
firm sold a cottage on Bay street,
near Pacific avenue,/ to Frederick
Hughes. Among the prospective buy
ers who visited thjs firm with a re
quest to be shown local property were
a number of persons from the Ha
waiian Islands.
J. C. Hanley has been busy with
renters and expects to be busier after
election day.
Juster& Balrd, of Berkeley, report a
large number of sales, among the most
important of which is the recent pur
chase by Professor Gayley of the State
University of a lot, 100x150 feet, on the
corner of Piedmont and Durant
avenues. Professor Gayley will soon
begin the erection of an elegant resi
dence on the property. Two adjoining
lots on Piedmont avenue were pur
chased a, few days later by General
Greenleaf, - who will also erect a fine
residence. .
Another improvement club has been
organized in Piedmont, and at the last
meeting the following officers were
elected:
President, "William O'Connor; vice
president. • P. J. Keller; secretary,
George White; treasurer, W. J. Shen
sin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway, Oct. 23.
With the approach of winter there
has been a large increase in the de
mand for inside business property in
Oakland, by non-resident merchants
and manufacturers, one real estate
firm alone having had inquiries from
six men from other cities. Two of
these prospective purchasers have al
ready visited Oakland and have de
cided upon the district in which they
desire to locate. One man wishes to
buy business property anywhere be
tween Fourteenth and Eighteenth
streets, and Broadway and San Pablo
avenue, at a price not to exceed $15,
000, and the other is willing to pay
any part of $50,000 for a good business
location In a central place, north of
Twelfth street.
This increasing demand for centrally
located business property north of
'Fourteenth street indicates that the
growth of the business district of the
city is extending north and west, along
Broadway, Telegraph avenue and San
Pablo avenue, and this growth has
already affected the prices of stores
for rent along these . thoroughfares.
Harry L. Holcomb, who has the rent
ing of a large number of stores on San
Pablo avenue, says that during the
last year rents between Fourteenth and
Twentieth streets have advanced fully
25 per cent.-^
This advance in rents has not affect
ed the demand for stores along the
avenue to any extent, and although
several new buildings have been erect
ed in the last twelve months, largely
increasing the number of available lo
cations, there is hardly a vacant 3tore
to be had at any price. Some of the
new stores were leased before the
buildings in which they are located
were completed.
There has also been an advance In
the rent of residence properftr in all
parts of the city. Dealers agree that
in the last twelve months prices of
houses for rent have increased about
10 per cent over the preceding year's
rates. Agents report that their only
trouble is to secure enough cottages
and flats to supply the demand of rent
ers, at least half of whom are non-res
idents of Oakland, peoyle who wish to
rent until they can purchase desirable
home property.
Real estate men throughout the city
report a better market now than at
any time during the present year, and
they express confidence that all kinds
of property will find ready sale during
the coming winter. George W. Austin
said:
I have had more, demands for property of all
kinds in the last three weeks than during; the
same period since the flrst of the year. Within
two weeks I have had half a. dozen Inquiries
for business locations in the center of the city,
all of which have come from reputable non
resident business men. I have Just received
a contract, shared by G. H. Umbsen & Co. of
San Francisco, for the sal« of the property and
buildings of the Pacific Press Publishing Com
pany, which has recently moved to Mountain
View. Santa Clara County. The property will
be sold as a whole or in subdivisions, the
jirlce of the land and buildings including; tha
church being $100,000.' .
The present activity of the» market has re
sulted in opening up districts of this city
which have been practically d.ead for many
years. This is especially true of East Oak
land. Blocks of land which have lain idle for
ten years have now been cut up into lots and
placed on the market. Following Is a list of
our recent sales:
House and lot, Thirty-fifth street near Mar
ket, for William Austin to A. B. Edwards,
$2500.
House and lot on Apgar street, near Grove,
for C. T. Johns to Mrs. Llssie Schults, $3000.
House and lot on Thlrty-*second street, near
Market, for F. H. Graham to Mrs. L. A. Os
born, $1750.
House and lot on Sixteenth And Adeline
streets to E. Simmons, $6500.
Ten-acre tract in Lawndale, Sonoma County,
for William P. Todd to F. H. Graham. $3500.
House and lot on West street, near Twenti
eth, to C. A. Young. $6000.
Forty-acre tract at Auburn, Plaoer County,
to H. S. McKeen, ?3000.
House and lot on Piedmont avenue to T. A.
Frazler. $4000.
House. and lot on Tenth street, near Castro,
to Mrs. A. J. Cumin. $3500.
¦ Two hounes and lot 81x100 feet for J. J.
White to Mrs. Adelaide Haynes. $7500.
Corner lot on Santa Clara avenue, Alameda,
for W. C. Walker. *$2O0O.
House and lot on Grove street, near Thlrty
elghth, to W. B. Ames, $3500. - .
Lot 50x75 feet on the southeast corner of
Ninth and Webster streets for A. Lebrecht to
James Rohan of Hickey . & , Rohan, $4500.
House and lot on Harmon street for Clar
ence Gran?e to H.'. C. Dukes, $3500.
House and lot on Harmon street for Phoenix
TttilMIng and Loan Association to F. A. Mills,
$2500.
I House and lot on Santa Clara avenue, near
Oakland avenue for A. J. Snyder to A. L. In
salls, $4500. f
Lot on southeast cornet of Fifth and Wash
ington streets for thi estate of Loi» M. Apgar
to Geonre Roeth, $5500.
> Lot on Fifty-seventh street, near San Pablo
Rvenue, for* the estate of A. H. Hathaway to
E. S. Ansel. ?1250. : . • . ¦
House and lot on Thirty-third street, near
Market. fof.C. M. Cook to H. 8. McKeen,
$3000. -
' House and lot on Tbirty-elthth street, near
Grove, for B. H. Gray and J. W. Goods to Mr.
Goodell. $2650.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 23.— Local . realty
dealers are well satisfied with the con
dition of the market and report that
during: the last week business has been
unusually lively, . when . it is taken in
consideration that there is a political
campaign on. ;
E. D. Judd & Co. report that
they have now # 200 houses on their rent
ed list and that » within the last few
days they have let _ three large 'resi
dences ; on . Central avenue. This larm
is negotiating the transfer of five lots
on r Sherman street on which modern
homes' are to be erected. E. D. Judd,
the senior" member of the company,
states that there is a constant demand
or up-to-date five,' six and seven room
cottages " and that the average rental
for such dwelling is $30 a month.
Hammond • & Hammond effected a
number of, important deals during the
week, among them being i the - sale of
the\22-acre ranch of Powell A. McDon
nell oh* Bay, Farm Island to Frank G.
Pedro. ..Their other transfers included
the sale oi two six-room cottages on San
Jose. avenue, near Walnut street, own
ed i by'-jWells-Pargo : Bank, > to Simon • M.
Boysen, a sale of a : five-room cottage on
the west side of Lafayette" street, near
San' ; Jose avenue^ owned by" 3 John TV.
Dill, ; to Captain "; Robert' , Gibson ; • a sale
of the ' property at 2130 Railroad
Robert P. and Maria S. Goodlne tr> Charles
E. Williamson, lot on E line of Harper street.
1OO N of Woolsey. N S5.5 by E 1(X>. let 7.
block 5 map portion Central Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Same to Paul W. Turnbull. let on E line of
Harper street. 100 3 of Prince, S 35:5 by E 10O,
lot 6, block 5, same map, Berkeley; $10.
Frances A. and M. S. Hess (husband) to
Hattle Kelley (widow), lot 10. block E.
Knowles Potter subdivision. Kennedy Tract.
East Oakland: $10.
John Leach to Bsther Docker, lot on Nil
corner of Grand street and Kagle avenue, K S3
by N loo, block 56. property in vicinity Enci
nal station Alameda: $10.
Anna E. and William Bolza (husband) to
Gee Ban and Gee Yin. lot on 9 lino of Ninth
street. 127:0 W of Webster, W 1 by 9 1(X\ b«
lnr E 1 foot of lot 11, block 870, Kellerberser'a
map. Oakland: $115. '
John J. Christian (single) to Rowland Rob
erts, lot on SB corner of Hancock street and
Shatturk avenue E 123.07. S 57.40. W 112.4?.
N 59.SCTlots 3 and 4, Drexler Tract, Oakland;
$10.
Niels H. and Anna Holdt (wife) to Lizzie
Slack (widOTnO. lot on SW line of East Seven
teenth street. '173 3E of Twenty-second avenu".
SB CO by SW 140. lots 10 and 11. block 63.
San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
Rosa. M. Shaituck (widow) and John W. Ha
vens (single) toC. A. Henderlonu. lot on JI lin»
of Carlton -tre-t. 260 E of Milvia. E 40 hy N
120.05, portion lot 21, block 11. map 4, Shat
tuck Tract, Berkeley; 1 10.
C. A. Henderlong to Ida A. Henderlong
(wife), same; grift.
Jamea J. Allen (sinjrle) to Mlnr.ie A. Brady
fwlfe of T. J.), lot on SW corner of Fifth and
Harrison streets. 3 100 by W lf*\ lots 14 tt>
IS. block 40, Kellersberger's map, Oakland;
l»
H. P. Bancroft to -Peter A. Olsen. lot 19.
block F. map Santa Fc Tract No. 2. deed and
agreement. Oakland; $10.
Charles K. and Miriam F. Bancroft to Brad
ford N. Newman, lot 23. block 3. Alpina
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Margaret M. Porter (widow) to II. D.
Craw, lot on S line of Brown (or Thirty
fourth) street. l«9:6Vi E of Grove, E P by 9
100.55, lot SO. Collins Tract. Oakland: $10.
Anton and Theresa *P. Hasaler t< J. A. and
Lula A. Anderson, rerecord 10W U ¦»*. lot on
W line of Pera'ta street, 15-1 S or Sixteenth.
S 25 by W 11O, lot ::, block 71TT A. map r<"
subdivlalon block 74O aTirt portion oi block*
0C». "27 and 7US, Oakland: iX>. . \
N. Gertrude Brown (widow) tr> Sa.-aii Rus
sell, lot 3«i. corrected map of reSubdMslon of
block A, BriKtiastm Tract, dt*d K»v«n to cor
rect errors in 754 D 89, quitclaim de»d, Oak
land; |1.
Sarah Russell (widow) to Edna M. Spota
wood, lot on S\V corner of Bentoh (ot Sixti
eth) and Brown streets. W •»* by 9 lUlSO. lot
36, corrected map reautxlivision of bleck ttv
Brumasim Tract, warranty deed, Oakland: $10.
Ahuneda County.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER C2.
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda Market Is Showing Activity and
Real Estate Dealers Report That Houses
in City Are Disposed Of on Completion
SALES INCREASING IN OAKLAND
BUSINESS MEN
WANT PROPERTY
- BAN; DIEGO, Oct." 33— The body of J. A.
Smith of Lakeside, ¦ who has • been missing for
a * week, was found '¦ in « the 4 bay : to-day. How
the deceased came to his death i is '¦ not known,
but as ¦ his wateb I and I other I valuables . were - In
his eoekets there la no •uodIcIoii of loul clajr.
. POT HURT AT FOOTBALL.— Hans Stein
of 10 , Cap* street and Frank Sa win of 2015
Heart : avenue, Berkeley. - were treated • at the
Central Emergency Hospital < yesterday. In a
game of football between the ; Garfleld and
the ¦ Congregational Cadets , injuries . were in
flicted. -' Swain was kicked ' on the head and
became ! unconscious. Setln'c collarbone was
broken. HMHHMtflHWHniBMMMH
OAKLAND, Oct 2 3.-^United States
Senator George C. ¦ Perkins ' has " j given
one hundred 'volumes of "marine .works
to the Seamen's Rest of this tcity^ The
gift includes^ many . charts. ;; coast sur
veys;; a' sea"; atlas jarid ; the Ilke7; ; Sena
tor < Perkins, who ) was I a; sailor .: before
the ; mast , for. five years, ; will soon ' de
liver an address at the rest V
Makes Gift to Seamen's Rest.
OAKLAND. Oct 23. — An unidenti
fied white man, about 60 years old,
was struck by the 7:40 o'clock Sacra
mento local this morning at Shell
Mound Park and instantly killed. He
was walking on the track, carried a
tramp's outfit of tin cans and stale
bread and wore two suits of well
worn, cheaply, made clothing. There
was nothing found on or about him
to aid in disclosing his identity. He
wore a full beard, of reddish .brown
and his hair was of the same color.
The head and hands were badly
.bruised by the pilot of the locomotive
thai struck him, but the features were
not mumateoVTr^^fflHHMiMf
Tramp Instantly Killed.
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— Word was
brought to the Coroner's office to
night that -John Scott, aged 80 years,
was found dead in his ; bed Friday
morning. Scott and his wife lived alone
on an isolated " ranch twenty-eight
miles northeast of Livermore. Scott
went to bed Thursday; night in ordi
nary health and died before morning,
presumably from an affection of the
heart Inquest will be, he W at Uver
more Tuesday morning. ...'...
Aged Rancher Found Dead.
. OAKLAND, Oct. 23.— When Mrs. M.
Lee came from San Mateo to Oakland
yesterday, she thought she would., be
sure a burglar .did not capture her
jewelry. She therefore put; it in a
chamois bag and concealed it on her
person— but did not securely fasten it
to her" clothing. As a result .of, her
negligence, she reported to 'the police
that a diamond sunburst and' several
other glittering, and valuable pieces
had been lost, either on , a ; Broadway
car or going from' Twenty-ninth' street
and Broadway to StI' Mary's College.
Visitor Loses Jewels.
OAKLAND, t Oct 23.— A large gath
ering of friends assembled this aft
ernoon at the late residence of Mrs.
Mary E. Knowles at Jackson and Fif
teenth streets, to ; pay their final
tribute of respect to .her memory.
Services were conducted by. Dr. J. K.
McLean and the Rev. C.^R.; Brown,
both of whom paid feeling tribute to
the work and worth of the dead wom
an.' Interment was private at Moun
tain View. The honorary pallbearers
were: Edwin Goodall, Robert -Watt,
D. L. Bliss, M. J. Hawley, Ai Schilling,
Andrew Mosby, Thomas B. Coghill,
Samuel Bell HcKee. -
Funeral of Mrs. Knowles.
ROME, Oct 23. — Pope Piux X
waited almost the whole of last night
for telegrams from Monslgneur Mon
tagnini, auditor of the Papal Nuncia
ture at Paris, about the decision In
the French Chamber of Deputies. His
Holiness was not surprised* at the
statement and speech of Premier
Combes, but he had not thought from
private information he had received,
that the . Premier's majority in the
Chamber would be so large as It was.
The Pope and his entourage at
tribute the new success of Premier
Combes to the influence of the Free
masons, who, according to reports re
celved-at the Vatican, are determined
to bring about the separation of
church and state in order to be freer
to undertake a campaign with the
object of destroying all religious feel
ing in France.
When the .news was received the
Pontiff exclaimed: "God's will -be
done."
Gamblers and other tough charac
ters ordered from Dawson are con
gregating at Fairbanks. The majority
of the crooks are now hanging around
dance halls and gambling resorts, but
it is expected that biting weather and
dullness of winter will drive them to
crimes. Yukon pioneers predict that
crimes will be numerous . this winter
throughout the Tanana district
So much liquor was shipped in dur
ing the summer that there is said to
be a barrel of beer or a case of whisky
for every inhabitant. Steamers from
Dawson left machinery and even food
supplies behind in order to carry
liquors. The district finds itself very
short of sleds for transporting ma
chinery to the various creeks because
in the rush of people durthg the sum
mer no heed was given to the need of
sleds for winter use.
TACOMA, Oct. 23.— Arrivals at
Dawson from Fairbanks say that the
town Is infested with the worst crooks
and camblers from Yukon towns to
such an extent that the Government
is planning unusual precautions
against their work during the long
winter. It la expected that, a detach
ment of soldiers from Fort Gibbons
will -winter at Fairbanks.
Epecla.1 Dispatch to Tho <"»»;
POPE BLAMES
THE MASONS
CROOKS GATHER
IN THE NORTH
Dr. Dean is among the most active
practitioners in the interior of the
county. His devotion to his patient?
was a trait that has endeared him to
many persons. Pecuniary reward was
the last thing that ever entered his
mind. In fact he treated air who
came to him, rich or poor. *
HAYWARDS, Oct. 23.— Dr. A. J.
Dean, one of the best known physi
cians in Alameda County, is dying at
his residence here. Dr. Dean was
stricken Friday • with heart disease.
Dr. Reynolds and Dr. Tormey were
called and have been in almost con
stant attendance upon tha patient
They say there is no chance of re
covery.
Dr. A. J. Dean of Ha j wards at Death's
Door From an Attack of
Heart Disease.
l{ now appears that all the records
of the city government, except a feV
survey books in Surveyor Huggins' de
partment, have been saved, and no
serious inconvenience will be sustained
by citizens whose' business v with the
city involves the use of public records.
The Trustees held a special meeting
last night at the office of Trustee Fran
cis Ferrier, and there took stock' of the
city administration's ' ¦ belonging^. It
was decided to utilize _ offices in the
Shattuck building, until permanent
quarters are secured," pending the con
struction of a new city hall.
The regular semi-monthly meeting of
the Trustees Is to be' held to-morrow
night, when action /will be taken to
incorporate in the proposed bond issue
a • provision for the erection of a new
city hail. ; The City Attorney was : In
structed, two weeks ago, to prepare an
ordinance calling a bond election, when
citizens would decide whether to issue
$67,000 in bonds for a paid fire . depart
ment,, street . improvements ;, and i a
manual, training school..': In tljls ordin
ance will now | be inserted . a paragraph
providing, for bonds ; for.: a "; new city
hall. The bond issue, as originally
proposed, was to have \ included a new
hall, to cost $75,000, but ¦ this feature
was abandoned a month ago, and later
a revised ordinance was ordered pre
pared. I
. ..Thomas Rickard, president of the
Trustees, . said to-day: • "The fire has
apparently settled the question' of
bonds , for a new i hall,* and also^demon
strated the need of a , paid 'fire depart
ment. 'Action ; in both matters will be
taken by the > Trustees to-morrow
night." • -
Entrance to the vault of City Clerk
Merrill, which alone of the fixtures in
the City HaU survived- the fire that
destroyed the building yesterday, was
made this morning by Mr. Merrill. and
other members of the ctty government.
It was found that -all the documents
and records in the vault, so hurriedly
placed there when the alarm of fire
was sounded Saturday afternoon, "had
been perfectly preserved. . They were
removed to-day to the quarters In the
Shattuck block which the Trustees
have secured, for the temporary use of
city officials.
Street Superintendent Turner's rec
ords were found to be Intact in the big
safe, whose fall from the top of the
building during the fire was a spectacu
lar feature of the event. '¦'.'
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 23.
PROMINENT PHYSICIAN
IS FATALLY STRICKEN
Valuable Documents That
Belong to the Berkeley
Government Recovered
VAULT YIELDS
ITS TREASURE
The arrangement of the old English miracle
play, "Star of Bethlehem," made by Profeuspr
C. M. Gayley is to be produced by Ben Grfeet
and hie players at Harmon Gymnasium, prob
ably on Thanksgiving eve. The play is not
adapted to open-air production, so the Greek
Theater will not be used. The "Star Of Beth
lehem" was produced in Boston last winter,
and was favorably received. After its presen
tation here it will be taken to San Francisco
and other coaat cltle*.
Professor E. J. Wlckson in his annual re
port regarding the Farmers' Institute, held by
the agricultural department of the university
during the last year, declares that the appro
priation of $C000 grantd by the last Legisla
ture has made the institutes much more val
uable than ever before. There have been
more meetings and an increased- attendance.
There were 113 institutes held during the year
in forty-one of the fifty-seven counties. The in
stitutes cost $7234-. Including the time do
nated by the university professor the univer
sity's contribution was $3234 for the year.
BERKELEY. Oct. 23.— J. D. . Mansell, who
Is to have charge of the university's botanical
gardens, has an international reputation as a
landscape gardener and botanist. He comes
from the famous Hyde Park in London, and
many of the most beautiful gardens in England
are the result of his skill and artistic efforts.
He Is drawing plans for 'the beautiflcation of
the university gardens. ' .
Coach James Hopper of the 'varsity football
team has written an' article for one of the
illustrated weeklies, dealing with the experi
ences of a "blue" and a "red" football team,
and in particular with the exploits of a crippled
fullback on the "blue" team. Students and
alumni are engaged in an attempt to fasten
upon some one of the famous gridiron heroes of
other years the distinction of having served as
a model for the hero in Hopper's tale.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 23.
Students of the -University of Cali
fornia have arranged to give "a repre
sentation of a Greek pastoral sacrifice
at. the Greek Theater Tuesday after
noon at the opening of the State Far
mers' Institute. The - event will not
only be unique, but the occasion will
mark one of the most important as
semblages that have, been held in this
State.
Men who are leaders in every -de
partment of agriculture and its allied
Interests have been called to take part
in this convention. The whole range
of the work of the farmers and
orchardists of California will be
covered by experts during the six ses
sions that will be conducted under the
general direction of the College of
Agriculture of the State University.
The opening exercises will consist of
an address of welcome by Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the Uni
versity, response by H. C. Rapp, Mas
ter of he State Grange, and an address
by Governor George C. Pardee. These
exercises will take place Tuesday at
2:30 o'clock p. m.
Wednesday morning the sessions of
the institute willopen at Hearst Hall
at 9 o'clock. There will be sessions at
2 p. m. and at 8 p. m. Three sessions
will be held Thursday at the same
hours and place. The programme fol
lows:
"Wednesday: First session — Subject, "Agri
cultural Education"; speakers. President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, Professor E. W. Hilgard
and Hon. P. J. Shields, Superior Judge, Sacra
mento.
Second session — Subject, "Agricultural Or
ganization" ; speakers, A. P. Sprague, president
California Fruit Exchange, Sacramento; J. H.
Reed, Klverside; Professor A. J. 'Cook, con
ductor of farmers' institutes In Central and
Northern California.
Third session — Subject, "Agricultural Re
eearch"; speakers. Professor C. W. Woodworth,
Professor M. E. Jaffa, Professor E. W. Major,
Professor A. V. Stubenrauch, Professor K. E.
Smith and Professor O. "W. Shaw.
Thursday: First session — Subject. "Agricul
tural Development"; speakers. \V. F. Stafford,
State Commissioner of Labor Statistics, San
Francisco; Professor Elwood Mead, chief of ir
rigation and drainage investigations. United
States Department of Agriculture, Washington,
D. C. ; C. H. Markham, vice president and gen
eral manager Southern Pacific Company, Ban
Francisco, and E. F. Adams, San Francisco.
Second session — Subject, "Agricultural Eco 1
nomlcs"; speakers, Charles H. Bentley, .mana
ger sales department California Fruit Canners"
Association; Professor Carl C. Plehn and John
Tuohy, Tulare. " : '
Third ecsalon — Subject, "Irrigation Abroad";
an account of recent observation In, foreign ir
rigated countries. Illustrated by lantern elides;
speaker, Professor Elwood Mead.
Outwardbound Heralds of
the Cross Stir Audience
in the University City
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 23.
Words that thrilled the heajts of
listeners glowing with religious fervor
came from the lips of a half dozen
student missionaries who spoke this
afternoon to a large audience in Stiles
Hall. The student volunteer move
ment is responsible for the presence
on this coast of the missionaries in
question, who are to sail next Tuesday
for their stations In the Orient- Each
is a young, highly trained university
man or woman, consecrated to the
service of the church.
Those who were present this after
noon and took part in the exercises
included Randall T. Capen, a Harvard
man, who goes to China; John H. Gif
fln, graduate of Shurtleff College, for
China; Charles F. Maxfield, graduate
of KaJamazoo and Rochester, to the
Philippines: Henry W. Munger «f
Crozer, to the Philippines; Fred Merrl
neld. University of Chicago, for Japan;
Raphael Q. Thomas of Harvard, for
Philippines; Miss Bertha Kuhlen", to
the Philippines; Miss Edith Wilcox of
Vassar and Brown university, to
China; W. B. Bull en of Brown Univer
sity, to Japan: James V. L#atimer of
Des Moines College, to China,
Each missionary spoke briefly of the
experience that had resulted in the de
cision to enter the foreign field. All the
addresses were tinctured with a per
sonal flavor that served to invite and
retain Interest In the narration, and
that, before the meeting ended, stirred
the large audience to demonstrations
not always to be observed at formal
religious gatherings. *
# The young missionaries are sent out
under the 'auspices of the American
Baptist Missionary Union.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 23.
Fruits and flowers in profusion em
bellished the chancel and choir of the
First Baptist Church to-day in symbol
of the harvest season. A festival was
held this evening durl§g which the
Sunday-school gave appropriate exer
cises, directed by Mrs. Carrie Fross-
Snyder. The choir sang several spe
cial numbers. Addresses were deliv
ered by the pastor, the Rev. H. J. Vos
burgh, and William F. File of Chicago.
A reception to a party of twenty-five
missionaries, young men and women,
¦who are going abroad will be held at
the church to-morrow evening.
The Alameda County Christian En
deavor Union has issued a winter pro
gramme of entertainments, which will
be held at Armory Hall, Fifteenth
strett, near Jefferson, beginning No
vember 18 with a lecture by Dr. Rob
ert Mclntyre. The Knickerbocker male
quartet will give a concert December
16. Dr. Charles Gustavson, a Sioux In
dian, will lecture on "The Last Stand
of the Sicrux." Ralph Padette, humor
ist, is booked for February 20. The
Rev. C. R. Brown will lecture on
"Alaska" March 3, and R. B. Wilbourn
¦will close the course March 17 with a
demonstration of radium and wireless
telegraphy.
The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of
the First Congregational Church, re
sumed his pulpit ministrations to-day
after several weeks' absence, during
which he attended the Congregational
National Council at Des Molnes, la.,
and the session of the American Board
at Grinnell, la. Dr. Brown delivered
an address this morning on the work of
the National Council. The choir this
evening gave the oratorio, "The
Daughter of Jairus" (Stalner).
Sailors from merchant ships in the
harbor took part this evening in Chris
tian Endeavor Society services at the
First Christian Church. Curtis Sebas
tian, from the ship Europe, gave sev
eral piano numbers. Ernest Sturm, a
young German seaman, sang Luther's
famous hymn, "A Strong Castle Is Our
God."
The congregation of St. Mary's
Church began the forty hours' adora
tion to-day with mass, conducted by
the Rev. Dr. F. X. Morrison, celebrant;
Father Cranwell, deacon, and Father
Clifford, subaeacon.
The Rev. John Coyle, D. D., preached
to-day at the Chester-street Methodist
Church.
Representatives of the American
Baptist Missionary Union conducted
services this morning at the Tenth
avenue Baptist Church. The Rev. H.
W. Davis of San Francisco preached
this evening.
The Rev. L. F. Maxfield preached
this morning at Calvary Baptist
Church.
The Rev. H. K. Walker, D. D.. pas
tor of Emmanuel Presbyterian Church
of Los Angeles and former moderator
of the Synod of California, occupied the
pulpit of the First Presbyterian Church
this morning. i •
The Rev. G. W. Lyons.D. D., preach
ed to-day at Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church.
At Trinity Episcopal Church the
Rev. Herbert Parrish officiated to-day.
Mission services will be held during the
w,eelc
The great success of the San Fran
cisco parlors in erecting a building for
the exclusive use of the order has in
duced representatives of the different
Oakland parlors to begin a canvass of
the members to ascertain the senti
ments of the majority, and if it is
found that the proposition meets with
favor steps will be taken to place the
work in the hands of a committee of
representative members of the' local
parlors. .
The executive committee of the Ad
mission day celebration in Oakland
held a final meeting last night, and it
was found that after all the bills had
been paid a surplus of $305 remained in
the hands of the committee. It was de
cided to divide this surplus equally
among Piedmont, Oakland. Athens,
Brooklyn, Alameda, Halcyon and
Berkeley parlors of Native Sons and
Piedmont and Aloha parlors of Native
Daughters. . '
The. total expense of the Admission
day celebration was $4395.
A number of prominent Native Sons
and Daughters of this city have inaug
urated a campaign for the erection of
a building in Oakland for the exclusive
use of the local parlors, which, if the
plan is successfully carried out, will be
known as the Native Sons' building.
There are now four parlors of the Na
tive Sons in Oakland and two of Native
Daughters, all of which meet in differ
ent halls, and it has been pointed out
that it would be a great advantage if
these parlors could all use the 'same
hall.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Oct. 23.
Surplus of $305 Remains
From Celebration Fund
After All Bills Are Paid
tionalists Gives Address
on the National Council
Pastor of First Congrega-
COMMITTEE ENDS WORK
Ancient -Rites Will Be Re
produced at the Opening
of the State Institute
MODEL ON THE GREEKS
MEETING AT BERKELEY
1)K. BilOWX HOME AGAIN
Services Are Conducted at
the First Baptist Church
in Observation of Festival
University Students Plan
Unique Festival to Honor
the Tillers of >the Soil
Young Missionaries Narrate
Experiences That Led
Them to Foreign Fields
Members of Oakland Parlors
Favor the Erection of
a General Headquarters
NATIVES PLAN
A UNION HALL
WILL WELCOME
THE FARMERS
FERVENT WORDS
THRILL HEARERS
HARVEST HOME
IS CELEBRATED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL". MONDAY-OCTOBER 24. 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 23. — The State
Board of Prison Directors, at their
meeting at the Folsom Prison last
night, adopted a prison regulation
warranting the use of the straitjacket
for the punishment of refractory, pris
oners in extreme cases where other
punishment is deemed insufficient. The
resolution adopted was as follows:
Resolved, That wardens of State prisons are
authorized to Inflict on refractory convicts
euch usual punishments aa are practiced In
X'riscns in the United States, using no more
severity than la necessary.
The strait Jacket shall be used only in ex
treme cases where ' ' other punishment is
deemed insufficient and not'- continuously for
more than air hours at a time.
No corporeal punishment is allowed to be
inflicted without the prisoner is first exam
ined by the prison physician and found able to
undergo the punishment proposed. The physi
cian may order a cessation of the punishment
If he thinks It is too severe. He shall visit
the prisoner as often during: the punishment as
may be necessary, and also at its termination.
The warden shall report all punishments and
the reasons therefor at the meeting of the
board next following the punishment.
The question of constructing cells
for the accommodation' of the con
victs was discussed, but definite ac
tion was deferred. •
Four recommendations for parole
were made, two of the convicts being
from Sacramento and two, Jules Si
monson, twelve years,' for burglary,
and W. F. Bochle. for life, murder,
from San Francisco.
WARDEN'S RIGHT
TO USE JACKET
4
AD VKRTISJKMEXTS.
ECZEMA
sufferers, read what
"iGLYCOZONi: have done for a
celebrated . journalist la one week.
'rof. Chutes Marduad.
,J! tar £ i - r , : Ol """' e * ll '***«*«me«t with yoar Hydro.
?££ Jj Otycuawn not only relieved but ab»oiut«ly
££S? °£ * c '' nd '^ on of «««« «t«t ha* worried »J
perplexert me far ihe p»it ten yea»i. Your* ver» truly.
Joseph Howard, Jr., iy> .Nassau St., N. Y.
Free trial bottles of Hydroxone and
Ulycozone sent on receipt of 35c. to pay
expresftage. These prer>a rations-are harm-
less, y« powerful perm icidrs. used by lead-
ing physicians. Sold by test drugguts.
61-O Prince St.. New York.
SautforltootUt how to prevent and cure <ti*~>*-
BBAXGH 0FHCES
OF THE dVLL IN
alahedIcounty
0AKI1AX&.
1016 Broadway. \
Telephone Main 'l 083
BERKELE^.
2148 Center Strct?.
Telephone Xortli V.
alajikdaA
• 1435 Park Street. \
Telephone Alameda -33.TO SAIL.
Dalted ' States Coast and i Geodetic'. Survey—
Sun," Moon and Tide.
! -4 DOLAN H CHILDRBN>: CAKED h FOR.— The
five ; children ¦ of Thomas • Dolan, former /Janitor
at 1 the ' Hall % of Justice. ;. were * taken : from t the
City ) PrUon s yesterday^ byi Mrs. S Garrlty, of ¦ the
Children's > Home.'-: Shei will 1 take care . of • them
tills' their; patent* : recover : from the ' effect* of
their ;debauch.TB5«SHPJg»Mte*f.- ..-¦.;..-.¦¦ >.-.-^ -. .-¦.;•.:-.. a
¦¦ Steamer. . f • ' Destination. ¦ I Sails.
City Seattle... Ekagway* Way: Ports.) Oct. 24
Jefferson..*..:. Skagway:&, Way. Ports. Oct 27
Farallon.*..'::". Skagway, & -Way PorU. Oct.' 31
Santa Clara..*. Seldovla A iWay, > 3 orU. . Not.- It
Tims and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, < entrance - to . San - Francisco
Bay.. Published by official authority ot.tha.
."• - Superintendent. '¦¦¦¦.•".' ¦ "1. ¦'¦ ''.¦¦...,' •.¦"¦;'-. ; ' ; '' ¦.
NOTE — The • high . and low I waters ' occur ; at
the > city , front ; (Mission-street -wharf) . about 28
minutes later than 3 at Fort Point; the . height
of j tide ' Is ; the \ aame ; at ; both places. • ¦
.:¦ MONDAY, > OCTOBER 24. \ , -V," 'i
Suni '. rlBss . . .'/. ................ .'. .* . . ... . ; .'.6:28
Sun sets : .'. .- .-; ;8 ;2o
Moon . rises , . .'. V.'i . ....... .".".... .V. .0:00; p. . m.
d-lTlmel 1 tK|Tlme|> Time >'j/i
• \L.V?\ ¦:-;- |H W[ : : [L:.W( .¦¦;•; (h W , ;
24 4:45 J2.0 11:02 '6.2 5:25 'O.& .V.-.'l ... t
. H W • L W t-'.'j H W ' : * L W
23 0:14 4.6 8:17 .2.2 11:28 -.8.2 6:02 '0 2
26 0:56 '4.4 5:50 :,2.6 11:65 5 -8.3 :6:42 01
27; 1:44 '4.2 6:28 .-2.7 12:30 £.8.2 ;7:27 . ao
¦ NOTE— In' the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tide* 1 are < given '¦ in ¦ the « left '
, hand column • and the successive tides of th* <
day In the order of occurrence as to time* the
1 fourth time column gives \ the ( last tide of the -
day. except when there are but three tides - as '
sometimes , occurs. > .-, The ! heights ; given . are In
addition to the aoun/Ilnga ' of | the | United States
Coast S«rvey i Charts, except when a mlnua (— ) :
sign precedes, the height, and then the number
given « is . subtracted I from i the ' depth I given 1 by]
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower ¦ low ; waters. < ;- \ , . . :7^~-,
FROM • SEATTLB.
/James a ' Iohgstioreman.SWas
raising^ a idlsturbance] at "1 Fourth \ and
Howard streets Jearlyj yesterday^ rn'orh
ing,'$wheli%Policeman 1 Flood 'told \ him
, to behave 1 himself and go" honiei ,% Wal
.lace'becameVabuslveiand' Flood, placed
himjuiider, arrest/^ Wallace^ fdught'the
officer/ arid 1 Policeman j Harry/Crowley
went^toj Flood's assistance^ ATheyihad
a'|terrlflCi8tjruggle"wlth\Wallace 1 >befpre
being \* able H to l\ handcuff Z' hlitu'?: Two
bones 5 of^Crowley's i ,; right hand li. were'
broken. ;He; went to the Central EmerX
erericy^^Hospltall; to , have I the V broken
bones set j Wallace was booked at the
City,/ Prison Son's charges i'of /disturbing
the; peace 'and:, battery. ' , ;
Policeman's ', Hand ' Broken.
Even the best married man knows a
youngrglrl he; flirts with -a little: :
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier, j
October 24.
San Pedro... Los Angeles Ports. 7 pm Pier ¦ 2
6. Rosa..... San Diego &. Way. 0 am Pier 11
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
S. Barbara. . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 2
Centralla. .. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
S. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier. 2
Columbia... Aetorta & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October 25.
Alliance.... Eureka' & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
Elizabeth... Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier "0
Chico Coquille River..... 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coo« B. & Pt. Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
K. Fork..... Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 20
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier S
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 8
CMn». <?J, ln * * Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Algoa China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
.Eureka..... Humboldt... .. 9 am Pier 13
¦ October 26.
Arctic Humboldt ......... 8 am Pier 2
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro tc Way. 9 am Pier 11
October 27.">, ¦• ' • ;
Homer Los Angelea ' Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Norwood.... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Porno....... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cat. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
- ¦-?'¦ : : :'-¦ October 28. '
Corona...... Humboldt ......... l:30pPier 9
O. Lindauer. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm pier 10
Newburg.... Grays ; Harbor >.;.'.. 4 pm Pier 10
Sequoia..... WUIapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 20
:., October 39.
Point Arena. Point Arena ... .'.¦. 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda.... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 7
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose.... N. . Y." via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
-: October 30. .. - • •¦ t ¦¦; :
Bonlta.../.. Newport & Way.i. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
> ; November ; 1; " : -: _* : .
Umatllla.... Puget Sonnd Ports. 11 am Pier?' 9
Acting on dispatch from Chief of
Police Delaney of Seattle to Captain
Burnett, Detectives - Ryan and 'Taylor
boarded the steamer City of Puebla
on her arrival yesterday ; morning : and
arrested, William Hinrlchs. t The dis
patch said that Hinrichs was 'wanted
for obtainingr money by. false" pre
tenses. | He was , locked up \ in the City
Prison and. Chief. Delaney was notified
of the arrest., Hinrichsvsays it is only
a matter of $20. 5
Wanted In Seattle.
Sunday, Oct 23.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 68 hours from
Victoria, B C.
Stmr Pomona, Ewanson. 18 hours from
Eureka,
Stmr Brunswick. EUefsen, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg. -
Star Newsboy, Lee. 37 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. 42 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr National City. Hammer, 15 hours from
Varo.
Etmr Preatiss, Ahlstrom, 41 hours from San
Pedro.
Etmr Francis H Leggett. Reiner, IS hours
jrosn Eureka; bound south; put in to land pas.
•engers.
- Stmr Navarro. Jacobs. 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. 24 hours from Eureka.
* Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 30 hours from Eureka,
Etmr Asuncion. Bridgett. 74 hours from
Seattle.
Bktn Amelia. Wilier. S days from Eureka.
6chr Mary C. Campbell. 9 hours from Bo
6ega.
Schr Queea. Paulsen, 14 days from Port
Gamble.
Echr Abbie F Morris, Amery, 19 days from
Bertrg Sea.
Eefcr San Buenaventura, Lembke. 14 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr Virginia. NeUon. 8 days from Portland.
Schr J M Weather-wax. Backman, 13 days
from Port Harford.
BAILED.
Sunday, Oct 23.
Etmr F A KHbnrn. Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Etmr Maggie, Eagles, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr- Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego and
way ports.
Etmr Francis H Leggett. Reiner. San Pedro.
v Etmr Chehalis, Johnson. San Pedro.
Etmr. Premise. Ahlstrom. Bowecj Landing.
tichr A B Johnson. Segelhont. Grays Harbor.
- Schr.Eausallto. Dahllof. Grays Harbor.
Fchr Alpha, Jensen. Grays Harbor. -
Fchr Stanley. Wallstedt. Pirate Cove.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 23. 10 ' p m — Weather
foggy; wind NW; Telocity 8 miles per hour.
Memorandum.
Per «chr Ran Buenaventura, from : Gray*
Harbor. Oct 10 — In Lat 46 41 N." long 124 43
IV. In a heavy SE gale carried away the fore
topmast head, main topmast and outer jib
*tay. , .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Rainier,
Lence Oct 19: stmr Dolphin, from Skarway
PORT . TOWNS END— Passed in Oct' 23—
Schr Willis A Holden. from Shanghai. ;-.-. .< -
TATOOSH— Pa*sed in Oct 23— Stmr Cali
fornian. • hence Oct 20 for Seattle and Tmoim.
Pacsed out Oct 23 — Nor.atmr Tellus from
Ladysmith. for Taku; schr Americana' from
Pert Blakeley. for Eaa Pedro; schr < Mary B
Foster, from Port Gamble, for Honolulu.'
- FOKT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 23— Strar Jas
S Hlgglns. hence Oct 23.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 23, 1 a m—
Stmr Coos Bay, for San Francisco. '¦ -
Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Wblttier, from ;
Gcvicta. . - ¦ •
GAVIOTA— Arrived Oct : 23— Stmr ; Whlttier, <
from Portland, with • bktn „ Fullerton in- tow
from Portland. .
Balled Oct 23— Stmr ; VThlttler, for Port
Harftord. „ - ; 
- REDONDO— Sailed Oct 23— Schr -Stlnson.
toe Ballard. ~™~. j
AKRHTED
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
The schooner San Buena Ventura came in
veaterday evening, fourteen days from. Grays
Harbor . October 10 «he encountered a heavy
southeast gale, which carried away the main
topmast, foremast bead and outer Jlbstay.
The schooner Abbie F. Morris arrived yester
day, nineteen days from Bering Eea, with a
cartro of SO0O codOeh.
The Oceanic steamship Alameda Is due from
Honolulu to-morrow.
Water Front Notes.
Steamer. From. I Dae.
.Elizabeth..... Coquille River Oct. 24
Chico 7... Coquille River Oct. 24
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 21
F. Leggett. . . . Humboldt Oct. 24
Coos Bay San Pedro A Way Its.. Oct. 24
Breakwater. . . Coos Bay Oct. 24
Arctic Humboldt Oct, 24
Eureka Humboldt Oct, I 1 1
Pomona Humboldt Oct, 24
City Puebla... Pu*et Sound Ports Oct. 24
Sequoia WUIapa Harbor Oct. 24
laq.ua Portland & Astoria Oct. 24
C. Nelson San Pedro Oct. 24
Newburg Grays Harbor ......... Oct. 24
Norwood Seattle Oct. 24
Redondo Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 24
Centralla Ean Pedro Oct. 24
S. Monica Grays Harbor Oct. 24
Doric China & Japan Oct. 24
State of Cat. . . Ean Diego A Way Pts. Oct. 24
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor ........ Oct. 25
Porno Point Arena & Albion.. Oct. 29
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 25
Alameda Honolulu Oct. 23
City Panama.. New York via Ancon.. Oct. 26
O. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Oct. 28
Corona....... Humboldt Oct. 28
Curacao. Mexican Ports ........ Oct. 27
Bonlta Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Point Arena. . Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 27
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Oct. 'JS
North Fork... Humboldt .;...<....... Oct. 31
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. 31
Eierra... Sydney & V/ay Ports. Oct.' 31
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.. Oct. 31
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 2
Aurella Portland : & Astoria .... Nov. 2
Acapulco New York via Ancon.. Nov. 2
Queen Puret Sound Ports.... | Nov. 2
"William Dohrmann, the newly ap
pointed manager of the St Francis
Hotel, assumed charge yesterday. It
has been learned that the directors of
the hotel company are ' now in com
munication with the manager of a ho
tel In New York with regard - to his
coming to the St. Francis, in the event
of which Dohrmann will resume his
duties as auditor. While ; Mr. Dohr
mann Is performing the duties of
manager the directors have appoint
ed two of their fellow members in
the board, Mahoney and j Gentle, to
act as a committee in charge ' of . the
internal affairs of the hotels a task
which they have already, undertaken.
It was reported yesterday that the
management is seriously contemplat
ing several changes among the higher
officials of the St. Francis, with a
view of economy, and the story, while
emphatically denied by the directors,
has caused considerable uneasiness
among the employes.
New Manager of the St. Francis Hotel
Takes Up the Responsibilities Re
linquished by Allan PoIIok.
WILLIAM DOHRMANN v /'-.? .¦; ;
ASSUMES HIS DUTIES
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Yesterday* afternoon Colonel ; H. P.
Bush, First Battalion Artillery, N.' G.
C, gave a lunch to Colonel W. 1».
Pitcher and officers of the provisional
regiment of the United States army, at
the Marie Antoinette t on Van r Ness av
enue, in token 'of appreciation -of the
many courtesies extended to the host
and -his command while in camp at
Atascadero last month. It \ was an
informal- affair, but nevertheless . an
enjoyable one. ' The discussion of the
menu -was followed by responses: to
toasts and ; stories of camp life in 1 San
Luis Oblspo. Those who accepted the
hospitality of Colonel Bush were:
Colonel W. L. Pitcher, Twenty-eight
United Infantry; Major A. R.
Paxton, Thirteenth United States In
fantry; Major R. C. Van Vliet,; Tenth
United "States' Infantry; Captain' John
O'Conneli; Twenty-eighth United
States Infantry;, Captain J. H.'Parker,
Twenty-eighth .United States Irifantry;
Captain J. " A; '; : Lynch, Twenty : eighth
United States Infantry; CaptalnVj. E.
Gowan, Tenth United States Infantry;
, Captain F. ' E. Banf ord , Twenty-eighth
United States Infantry; Captain- F. A.
Pearce, Twenty-eighth United • States
Irifantry; ' Captain . I.'\W. Rand,'^ medi
cal department ; \ Lieutenant T. J. ; Rog
ers, Twenty-eighth. United -States : In
fantry; ¦- Lieutenant G. Williams, Twen
ty-eighth United'States Infantry; tiieu
teriant; H.v N.' , Cooper, Tenth -United
States i Infantry; ; Brigadleri General J.
B.t Lauck, 1 ' National Guard~of . Calif orr
nia; Colonel Thomas Wilhelm,-Na
tional Guard of [ California; .Captain
G. ? J. . Petty, First "Artillery, ; National
Guard 'of I California ; ; Captain .' F. " V.
Keesling, v First';; Artillery, National
Guard . of California; Captain "W.V S.
Grattan, First .^Artillery,' National
Guard : ; of /California ;, Lieutenant ¦ S.* ; R;
Price,H Twerity-eighth * United States
Infantry; " ¦ Captain;; ;J.\. A. ;: Miller,
First: -Artillery, National ,, Guard of
Calif orniaT Captain F. S." Emfnal, First
Artillery^ National Guard "; of Califor
hlei;} Captain vE. tG. * Eiseri, ¦ First'Artil
lery, National ; Guard . ; of California;
Lieutenant- S. L. Goldstein, First < Ar-'
tillery;; National Guard; of
Lieutenant L?fR^ Cbfer,vFirst'Artillery,
National '"Guard of California.. * ,' ;
tional Guardsmen Talk- of Atas
cadero Camp, i
United States Army Officers and. Na-
COLONEL H. P. BUSH
IS HOST AT . LUNCH
A cousle cf boys about 14 years of age.
earned Georg* Kocney aad John Lawrence, liv
ing on Natozna street, yesterday morning wan
dered down on the water front and concluded
: they would vls'.t the Chilean warship General
Baquedano, wnich le to tail for Easter Island
and Valparaiso next Tuesday. They had no
' boat, eo they levied on the skiff belonging to
the bay schooner Modoc, moored at Green
ctreet wharf. The adventurous young pirates
set away in the ekiS and were well out toward
the warship when the fog came down on them
and the trouble was on. They were lost in
i the thick, white veil that enveloped them, and
r'the Modoc, which was due to sail, could not
go without her eklff. Crowley and one of his
launches were pressed Into service by the cap
.' tain of the schooner, and a still hunt through
Vthe fog wae begun. Cp and down the bay
Captain Tom Crowley choo-chooed in his noisy
.'gaeollne craft with the Modoc" s skipper aboard.
fusing language not recognized ashore. After
. several hours of gasolinlng around in the fog
', the rklff and its crew were located. They
,«»rf la the Oakland fairway, and were hold
ling tip two big ferry-boat* which were trying
rto make their clips. The lads were bewildered,
and were sitting in the boat waiting for some
\ thing to turn up. They were towed back to
'the Modoc.
Ttror-IJads Lost on the Bay.
REFERS TO AMERICA AS *
"SECT-RIDDEN COUNTRY"
Rev. Arthur Williams Preaches at the
Consecration of Bishop Coad
jutor Edward Osborne.
BOSTON, Oct. 23. — Leading officials
of the Episcopal General Convention
participated in the consecration of the
Rev. ' Father Edward Osborne of this
city, for. many years superior of the
American branch of the Society of
Mission Priests of St. John the Evan
gelist'as Bishop coadjutor of the di
ocese'of Springfield, 111.; here to-day.
Bishop .Nichols of California- partici
pated in the ceremony.
.Right" Rev. Arthur L. Williams,
Bishop /coadjutor of Nebraska, who
was the'_ preacher, referred; to the
United States as a "sect-ridden coun
try" and to, Boston as a city "of fads
and numerous cults."
Notice to Passengers.
Baggage transferred : to and from all trains,
steamers, etc., at low. rates. One trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents; round trip 60 cents. Morton
Special Delivery. 308 Taylor st., 630 Market
st..' Oakland Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 40*
Arrived Oct 23— Strn^ Hobert Dollar, for
Ean Pedro.
EUREKA-iArrlved 23— US stmr Madrona,
from cruise: etmr Corona, hence Oct 22.
Sailed Oct 23 — Stmr Phoenix, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pasadena, for San Francisco: stmr
South Bay. for San Francisco; stmr Alliance*
for San Francisco: schr Fannie Dutard. for
San Francisco; schr Mary Dodge, for San
Pedro.
ISLAND PORT. :
HONOLULU— Sailed Oct 23— Bark Olympic,
for San Francisco. .
Arrived Oct 23— Bktn Irmgard; henee Oct T.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW- YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool and Queenstown: etmr Sla
vonia, from Trieste. Flume and Palermo: stmr
St. Paul, from Southampton and Cherbourg;
stmr Umbrla, from' Liverpool and Queenstown.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Cedrlc,
from New York, via Queenstown; stmr Etru
ria from New York, via Queenstown.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 23 — Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, via Cherbourg.
MOVILLE— Arlved Oct 23— Stm r Columbia,
from New York, for' Glasgow, and proceeded.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Oct 22— Stmr Am
sterdam, for New York. l'
PALERMO— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Pannonla,
from Trieste, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Oct 23— Stmr Cam
panla. from Liverpool, for New York.
DOVER — Sailed Oct 23 — Stmr Moltke. from
Hamburg, for New York, via Boulogne.
Harold C. Jagger, . a confirmed
baseball fanatic, stopped a hot one
with his jaw. The maxillary was
patched up by Dr. Hill and Jagger
returned to finish the game. H. M.
Strohlein was speeding westward on a
bicycle near the Ocean boulevard
when '¦ another cyclist whirled round
a bend in the South Drive and,collid
ed with him. Strohlein was hurled
to the road and sustained a fractured
collar bone, which was set by Dr. Hill.
Thousands heard Japanese airs
played at the park~ yesterday. Among
the most interested listeners were na
tives of the little island empire. They
were there in full force with their
wives and families.
The halcyon afternoon lured .'thou
sands to the city's big play ground and
to the beach. A few minor accidents
marred the day's pleasure. Elipea
Kress, a 9 -year-old girl, eager to feel
the green grass under her feet, alight
ed from a Haight street car, near
Stanyan, a little too - soon. One leg
turned under her and | was . broken.
The fractured limb was set at the
Park Emergency ''Hospital by Dr.
Pawlicki.
Thousands Gather at the City's Play
Ground, but Minor Accidents
Mar the Day.
PENDLETON, Or., Oct. 23.—Mem
bers of 'the local lodge of the Chinese
Reform . Association, comprising 99
per- cent of the Oriental residents of
Pendleton, will cut off their queues
in accordance with the orders of the*
association.' The association's leaders
here say. that the reform association,
under the guidance of high Chinese of
ficials, now in exile, will work to oust
the Empress Tsi Ann and reinstate the
Emperor. It is impossible to learn the
details, though it is known that lm-^
portant'offlcials from China are work
ing, with Vancouver, B. C, as the
headquarters. " •
Orientals of Pendleton Become Con
verts to the Reform Association
Recently Formed.
Beejamln Ptulaon. a sailor man. was
to the Harbor Hospital yesterday aft
fcroooa cuSerlng with a bruised face and se
vere contusions of the back, aad left side. He
; 11t*s at 611 Lisbon street, but was visiting
• friends at 143 Fremont street. Something got
the matter with the t&yllght, and Benjamin
- tv£b anxious to make repairs. After the man
ner of Bailors ashore he was somewhat un
steady on his pins from potations along the
front, but insisted that he knew all about eky
lights, as ehlpa have them aboard.
He went aloft on the roof, but the tense was
rolling In a heavy tea, lt appeared, and Ben
jamin found the Job as difficult as stowing a
topsail in a Cape Horn gale. He missed his
hold on the footrose, or whatever he waa
et&ndlng on, and weat through the ekylight.
There was a crash cf broken glass, and Paul
eon dropped about twenty feet below, hitting
the deck, or fioor, with a bump that laid him
out. At the hospital he was given a coat of
arnica, plastered aad bandaged up and ad
vised to do skylight repair work only aboard
¦fate.
Wcnt*Throusti the Skylight.
MUSIC OF DISTANT NIPPON
ECHOES THROUGH- THE PARK
OREGON, CHINESE WTLU
CUT OFF THEIR QUEUES
Altogether ''the" production .will.^e the
most extensive and elaborate, that this
society has ever .' It will
undoubtedly make a profound impres
sion/ ¦ " • /' - • ; :
The Bpectacular scene In the realms
of Lucifer is to be put ; on in gorgeous
style, with most /elaborate mechanical
and electrical effects. The performance
will- be -repeated- on -Wednesday- and
Friday evenings.
"Dante," the Impressive, play writ
ten" by th* Rev. J. : F. X. O'Conory S. J..
will, receive Its initial production ; to
night by the Gentlemen's Sodality at
St.. Ignatius College Hall. It has been
thoroughly rehearsed by Rev. Father
Butler, S. J., and Professfor George
Nicholls and a perfect first night per
formance Is - expected. The ; cast : Is In
the hands of efficient and accomplished
amateurs, t James Baclgalupi 'will ap
pear; in the title role, and -from his ex
perience ; in this ¦ line j will? undoubtedly
glve. # a splendid impersonation. . Fred
erick': Churchill, ; A. B., of St.- Ignatius,
¦who has also had experience in Shake
spearean roles, is/ cast as the poet; Vir
gil,. and William \ A. Breen- will, play
the difficult and exacting role of -the
villain, - Corse Donatl.
The 1 costumes- and scenery are said
to be very elaborate. Over ' $1500 -has
been invested in the production. Many
of the models used were taken from the
works of Gustave Dore. * .'
CLEVER AMATEUR ACTOR, . WHO
WILL HAVE THE TITLE ROLE
IN DRAMA "DANTE." - .
* Th« harbor police are busy. With the Initial
ixslXM of the cornier winter the huskies and
lether claases of vagrant* leave the pleasant
fields cf the rural districts and trocp Into the
dttes, where begging and bumming Is & proflt
*eble is etas cf llrel'.hood. They take up their
iodgtsgs »«M»"f the docks and where they deep
«.t Bight, aad work the uptown streets during
the Cut. The police officers are doing good
•work: fsaong this tattered gentry. Ten or
twdre vagraAte and six or eight drunks Is
fcboat t2ie daily haul of the official nets. Last
Saturday thirteen vagranui &nd eeren drunken
3&ea were arrested, aad yesterday no vags
¦were toend. but eight druaks were rounded up.
-A. beet all the harbor police have to do ie plck
lsg up these miserable specimens of humanity,
> who are encouraged In their wretched manner
»cf Qvlsg by the mlsapplV^. charity of people
I -who hand out the xxlcfcsl or Clrne to get rid of
the supplicant.
Roundtns Up tlie Vagrants.
. A foe t!tw la through the Heads yesterday
ftaorslng. asd for several hoars th» ferry-boat
¦pilot* enjoyad their Sunday work, whistling
¦their way amoar the other vessels anchored
i*Rl calling on the bay. The Oakland. Ala-
a xn«da and Berkeley boats were alow making
• their laafiir.ps. ead the Marln ferries dropped
•mm of their acaednled trips.
Foff Checks Bay Navigation.
(120th Meridian— Pacifle Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 23—5 p. m. .
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
oate, as compared with those of same dat* last
season, an4 rainfalls In last twenty- four hours:
Last This J-ast
Station* — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 00 4.34 3.27
Red Bluff 00 8.40 0.46
Sacramento 00 5.47 0.12
Pan Francisco 00 7.45 0.17
Fresno 00 4.03 0.00
Independence 00 0.47 0.42
Ban Luis Oblspo 00 4.58 0.02 i
Los Angeles 00 1.16 0.53 '
Eaa Diego qq q.16 0.07 '
COAST RECORD.
w k k e 2. 5
BTATION. a jfllff f* ||
'•.: e c : • y §
Baker 80.18 69 38 NTV Cloudy .00
Carson 30.08 CO 80 NB Clear .00
Eureka 80.04 54 48 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 20.92 78 48 NW Clear .00
B.E. Farallcn.29.95 S3 M JfW Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29. »6 64 26 B Clear . .00
Pocatello ....30.0C M 38 W Clear .00
Independence .29.08 76 48 W Clear .00
Los Angeles. .29.86 88 64 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.29.08 69 65 KB Clear .00
North Head... 50.22 54 48 NTV Clear .00
Phoenlr 29.80 8ti 58 SE Cloudy .00
Pt Reres Lt. .29.92 56 52 N Fopgy .00
Portland 30.16 62 46 NW Clear, .00
Red Bluff 29.96 80 62 BE Clear .00
Boseburg ....30.14 56 44 SW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.92 74 54 NB Clear .00
Salt Lak* 80.04 64 .. W Clear .00
San FranclBCO.29.V6 68 54 "W ... Clear .00
Ban L. Oblspo.29.90 82 60 N Clear .00
San Diego 64
Seattle 80.28 64 46 NTJ Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 30.20 62 38 NW Cloudy .00
Tatooeh 80.26 62 46 E • Clear .00
Walla Walla. .30. 16 70 62 S Clear .00
TVinnemucca .30.12 70 80 NB Clear .00
Yuma 29.80 80 68 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th« pressnr* has fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and rapidly orer Utah and Northern Arl
xena.
Cloudy -weather prevails along th« northern
coast of California and In Oregon. It Is also
cloudy In Southern Arizona.
Tha temperature has fallen about eight do
nees along the southern coast of California.
In Southern Oregon thar» has been a fall of
sixteen degrees.
Fog prevails along th« northern coast.
Forecast made at San Fraritisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 24:
Northern California — Fair Monday, except
fog along the coast; light north wind inland,
tresb westerly wind on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
westerly wind. .
Nevada* — Fair Monday.
Ean Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Monday,
¦with fog: fresh westerly winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday; light
westerly wind.-
Sacramento— Fair Monday; light northerly
wind, changing to southerly. ¦
Fresno— Fair Monday; light northerly Wind.
X. G. McADIE, District* Forecaster.
At the close of the musical, and liter
ary exercises Mrs. Stuart presented to
the Rev. Mother Superior a purse con
taining $1400, a gift from the past pu
pils to the community.
One of the many pleasant features
of the afternoon was the conferring of
grammar grade certificates to Misses
Emelia J. Brusco, Matilda V. Parente,
Josephine M. Campodonico, Marie A.
Bardet, May E. Gaff ney, Helena R.
Campodonico, Annie E. Votto, Julia
M. Paladini, Mary C. Daly.
The musical part of the programme
was given by Miss M. Schaffer, Miss
M. Ryan, the convent orchestra, F. W.
Huber, G. Kelly; and the Misses
Kilcommon, Beaumont, Gallatin and
Daly. T. O'Brien wrote arid read
a poem In honor of the Pre
sentation Sisters' jubilee - and eight
sprightly little tots danced Irish Jigs.
The programme concluded with a
chorus by the jubilee 'graduates.
The past pupils entertained their
friends at a delightful luncheon, at
which Mrs. Stuart presided.
"Past pupils' day" was observed at
the Presentation Convent, Powell
street, yesterday afternoon, when: "a re
ception was given which was attended
by not only the friends of "past" but
"present" pupils. -,
Mrs. C. Av Stuart, president of the
Past Pupils' Association, occupied the
chair and in her opening remarks ex
pressed to the sisters the gratitude of
all who had come under the educational
direction of the convent.
SAN JOSE, Oct.x 23.— The .work at
raising $1,000,000 for the erection of the
new Santa, Clara College was started
to-day at;a meeting of the promotion
committee at the college." Committees
were appointed and a plan outlined by
which it is hoped - to have $250,000 on
hand 'to commence the " construction
work.by 'Christmas." Henry Mlddleton,
the wealthy/lumberman, presided at
the meeting./ The promotion committee
was increased to 100 members and each
of these ', members is t to secure $2500 in
subscriptions, thus securing a nucleus
of '$250,000. Father Kenna has already
received some handsome donations to
the fund. •'
A meeting of the promotion commit
tee will be held at the St. Francis Ho
tel, in • San Francisco at an early date,
when' definite plans will be announced.
It was stated at to-day's meeting that
Father Nobili had but $150 when Santa
Clara. College was -started. The new
college will be located near Mountain
View, where a - tract of 600 acres has
been purchased.
The following well-known men are
members of the committee: Henry L.
Middletoni Edward H. Cosgriff, Charles
W. .' Quilty, William : F. Humphrey,
John J. ¦ O'Toole, D. M. Delmas, Ber
nard Murphy, John M. Burnett, James
D. Phelan, John J. Barrett, , John
O'Gara, Dr. A. P. O'Brien, James A.
Emery Charles K. and Valentine Mc-
Clatchy, E. E. Leake and O. D. Stoes
seh.
Special Dispatch ' to Tha Call.
Money Will Be Used to De
fray Cost of New School
Near the Town of Mayfield
Scholars Receive Grammar
Grade Certificates and
Friends Enjoy .Reception
The Padflc Mail Steamship Company
to-morrow dispatch two vessels,
the China and the Alcroa, for the Orl
«nt. All day yesterday the dock at
the corner of First and Brannan Btre«ts
hummed with the sound of trucks and
tackles loading the vessels. The China
¦will carry some freight and the pas
sengers bound to the Far East, but rhe
big freighter Algoa will carry an im
mense cargo for China and Japan. It
la needless to say that It is all contra
band, being machinery, several steam
launches, flour, leather and other mer
'chacdlse. mucti of it destined event
tially Cor ilanchurla.
Tha Oriental and Occidental liner
Dorlo Is due to-morrow morning from
the Orient with a large cargo and about
' fifty cabin passengers, as well as a
largo cumber of Asiatics in the steer
ffege.
$1,000,000 IS WANTED
STUDENTS ARE HONOKED
WEATHER REPORT.
Harbor Police Busy Arresting Vagrants
Presentation Sisters Given
$1400 as a Mark of Deep
Gratitude of Past Pupils
Members of Santa Clara
y* College Promotion Com
mittee Meet at Institution
LADS LOST ON BAY
STOP FERRY-BOATS
TWO STEAMSHIPS FOR THE ORIENT
PLAN TO RAISE
PRINCELY SUM
PRESENT PURSE
TO COMMONITY
SODALY WILL
PLAY O'CONOR'S
DANTE TO-NIGHT
rHEVSAN'FRANGISGO^GAmr MONDAY,^ OCTOBER 24; : 1901;
5
ADl'TIRllSEMENTS. ¦ ' '
PEREMPTORY
CREDIT SALE
Important to Homesaakers
WE WILL OFFER AT
AUCTION
AT OUR SALESROOM
20 MONTGOMERY STREET
satnmag, OGtoBer S9, 1904
AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M.
32 Business i HesidQncs Loti
A3 PER DIAGRAM
OOHT MISS THJ^OPPORTUNITY
J I • ¦ I L
¦ 23a STREET' "'
<3Z 55 I % I 9J j SZ j So j S5 «
17 18 IS 20 21 a 23 2«
8 I I I I I §
S It 2S g
S s .- « « a
I • »i " ¦¦¦» | %
g s « ¦ 2i a g B
| 8 11 ' 80 S R
*" S 18 «1 '8 1
8 100 I ~~~ 32 100 a
II, II I I I I §
12 3 4 5 17 1
! ___ 2S 25 1 25 25 25 25 25 2*
j S.*?..H»£...'. . 24TM STREET —.?.**„}:]**.„
Oily fet-mm Bash
Balance can remain for 1, 2 or 3 years
¦.- : ¦>.;-¦ --, -at SIX per cent
STREETS SEWERED
I - . If- -~. ¦
24TH ST. GARS PASS THE PROPERTY
Property adjacent is building op rery rapidly
California Title Insurance and Trust Co. will
receive applications for policies of insurance oa
each lot for the nominal sum of $7.50.
I _, '/"'' i' ' ¦ '¦'- . • . ,
j FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
1 APPLY TO
G1UMBSEN&C0.
20 MONTGOMERY STREET
aDr.iRibbon'sDispensaiTt
629 EEABXT »T. Ksfabllshed
In 1 S3 1 for the treatment of Prlratt)
P!w«aes. IiO»t Manbood. Debility or
dl*<*a«" wearing on body and mind and
Skin Dism«es. The Doctorcnrerwhen
others fall. -Try him. Charges low.
tarr^uarnBtrrtl. Call or writ*.
Pr. J. V. CIIBBOS. Man Fraryasco. CaL
RAlXiWAY TRAVEL.
| CALIFORNIA II
I LEMITED TO CHICAGO |
i LEAVES MONOATS and THURSDUS M
m at 0:30 a. m.; tbrougrh In 3 dayt.W
a With diner and all trapping*. J
Other Santa Pa . Trains :
l\lnt S*l For Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
8 :00 p! m! J Merced, Hanf ord and Vlsalla.
4 :00 D. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
- and Chicaco. •
Ticket Offlces — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibnron Tarry, Poot of Market street.
SAN TBANC1SCO TO f" ~
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11*. 00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. Ta.~£&&KG§§9SHr***\?S>"
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
bUNDATS^-S:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20. .11:50 p. m.
SAW BAPAEL TO SAW PSAK CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:03, 7:35, 7:30. 9:20. 11:13
a.m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. S>:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05. 5:05/ 6:25 p.m.
Leave I In Efiect I Arrive
Ean.Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- j Week
Days. ( days. ( tlon. • | days, f Daya._
7:30 a 8:C0a * 0:10a 8:40 a
9:30 a . Isnaclo. . 10:40a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p 6:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 p 5:00 p . ¦ .'- 7:35 p ~
7:30a • ' 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a N'ovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a ' Petalurca. 6:05 p 6:20 p
' 5:10 p 3:30 p . . and 7:35 p
6:00 p Santa Rosa. ' "' •
7:30 a .-¦ . ~~ ¦ . 10:40 a 10:20 •
8:00 a Pulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 8:30 p •¦¦ '
Windsor. - •- •';»»»
.7:30 ¦ 8:00 a Healdsburr. , 10:40 a 10:20 a
'.-' : . Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p ' Oeyservllle, .7:33 p 6:20 p ¦
. ' • .-¦ -. .• - . Cloverdale. - ¦ .;
7:30 a! 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a!lt>:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. . I 7:33 p| 6:20 p
i f. I WHlita and I . « I -*
7:30 a I 8:00 a| Sherwood. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al - > ; 110:40 a|10:2»"a
3:30 p| 3:30 p|. Guernevllle. | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 al . . Sonoma, I 0:10 al 8:40 a*
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. » I 6:03 p^ 6:2O p
~T:30a|-8~:OOa| • • 110:40 a|10:20 a"
3:30 p| 3:30 p| ' 8ebastopol. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
,\i STAGES' connect s at i Green "¦ Brae ; for San
Qucntin: at 'Santa Rosa -for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton 4 Springs ; at : GeynervJH* ;. for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale . for the Geysera,' Boone-
vllle and- Greenwood; at - Hopland - for Duncan
Springs. . Hlghla nd : Springs; Kelseyvllle, : Carls-
bad .; Springs, Soda , Bay, Lakaport. « Bartlett
Springs : and v Lake ¦ County Hot <« Springs ; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. «- Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes.; Laurel Dell Lake.' \Vfrter Springs
Upper Lake,* Porno.; Potter -Valley. | John Day's *
Klverside, . Llerly's. _', Bueknell'a. '- 8anhedrln
Heights.. Hullvtlte. ; Orr*s Hot Springs.^ Halfway
House. : Cotnptche, . Hopkins. Mendocino ' City, '
Fort Bragg. Wcstport and .Usal^ at LWiUlts' for
Hearst ';. and Sawyers? at > Sherwood . for Fort
Bragg, Cahto. Covelo, Lay ton ville. Cummlngs.
; Bell's • Springs. Harris, ; - Hubbard, r • Frultland.
i Dyer, Garbervllle, Camp 5.* Pepperwood, Scotia
and 'Eureka.'. '*'•:¦ j ¦;¦;.••• -.-. ¦>-.:¦
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-'
du«d rates. ¦v ; '~". ' ¦ - ¦./¦" ¦;?. :: ¦'
yr. On* Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond ; San Rafasl at half rates. .'•:• •
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronic!*
bulWIng.v 1 ' «-..'-. <;¦-¦,
; , J AS. L. FRAZIER. >.- R. X. RTAN.
'.;¦; Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Paaa. Agt.
ADCTION SALES
..AUCTION SALE..
Thoroughbred Jersey Cattle
The Entire Prise Winning Yerba. Bu«na Herd
of Jerseys belonging to th*
Estate of the LATE HENRY PIEHCH.
Cons la tins of
60 Head Registered Bulls, Cows
and Calves, vjh
TTJESDAT EVENING. October 23. 1304.
¦ At the Salesyard of ¦
FRED H. CHASE (Sb CO.
Livestock Auctioneers. ,
1733 MARKET ST.. San Fraadaoo.
Stock at yards Oct. 22. . " •*
Send for Illustrated . catalogue.
£?* " £* iP?%
I WILL SELL AT AUCTION forty bead
of all purpose horses, SO sets of harness, also
a largo stock of camp, express and peddling
wagons, at 1140 Folsom st., Tuesday. Oct. 25.
at 11 a. m. WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
£* "" C* £*
AUCTION SALE of 73 HORSES and MARES.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 28, at 11 a. m.. AR-
CADE HORSE MARKET, 337 Sixth st.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
< RAILWAY TRAVEL.
y^Sp H^v Tralna leaf* aad ar« <t«a
ff|^^2) 8AN FRANCISCO.;
Vj^-^^^jV/ FsaaT l>xrvr
i3X (Toot of Market Street >
hats - MAIN LINE. -a»mt»
7-OOa Vaeavtlle. Winters, ltaraaer~ 7 60»
7.00a Benlcta, Klmtrs sad Sacramento.. 7.20?
7 ZOa Vallejo. Xapa. C V.iitoz*. SaaU
Reea. Martiaei. Saa Ramon 8-20i»
'¦30a KlIaa.Tracj. Lathrop. Stocktoa.... 7.20»
8 00a Shaata Kxprese— (VU Davis).
WUllam*. willows, trrato. Ke4
Bluff. Pertland. Tmcoina. Soattle 7.B0*
8 COa DaTli. Woodland, Knljbta Landlas.
MsrytTllle. OravUle 7.80^
830 A Martinez. Antloch. Byron. Traoy.
Stockton. Kowmsa, Los Baaot,
Meadota. Armoas, Haaford.
Vlaalla. rertervnte 4.20i»
8 30a Port Coata, Mode a to, Mereed.
Freano, Ooaben .Inaction. Haa-
ford. Vlaalla, BakeraHeld 4.50>»
8-30 a Ullra, San Joae. Ltrcrmore. Stock-
ton, (fMHton). lone. Saerameato, ~ji
... MsrysTllle.Catco.Be4 BlaS.... 4-20^
8 30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jameitown, Bo- '
nors. Tnolnrane and Angela f - t5*
• 00a Atlantic Ezpreee—Ogdaa sad Eaac. B.20i*
9.30a Richmond. Uartloex aad Wsy _ .'
Station! _.. IM»
1000A Tha Orerland Limited — Ogden. '..3fMM
Omaha. Chicago, Dearer, K a asaa
City, St. LouU .5?2 P
10.00a Yallejo 12.2Q*
10.00a Los Antreles Patienger — Port
Costa, Martinez, Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Mereed.
- Raymond. Fremo. Goehen Junc-
tion, IUnfur J. Lemoore, Vlulla. ' _.
BakcraSMd. Los Angeles if?*
12.00m Hsyward. Mile* and TTay Stationa. J20»
ti.00" 1 Sacramento River Steamers^ tlLOO" 1
3-3QP Benlela, Wlater*. Sacramento.
Woodland, Kalcnts Laadlog.
MaryiTllle, Orovllla sad way ¦
• tatlona 13 50*
3J0pnayward.KilesandWay8UtlOBS.. 750c
3 3OP Port Coat a, Martinez, By ron.Traoy,
Lathrop, Stoektoa, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Freano sad
Way Button 4 beyond Port Costa 12-20?
4 COPMminez.SauIUmoa.ValleJo.Naja,
Csllitoga,SaauRoia '.fl?*
4 CO Xlies. Traer. 8toektoa 10.20*
4.30PUayward. Vllles. Irvlagtoa. Saa) t3.50A
Jose. Ltrennore » 111.60a
BXCpTUo Owl Limited— Newman, Loe
- Kanua, Mi-ndot». Fretno, Tnlaro.
Bakersfleld.LosAngsles. ....... 8-50 a
to JH)P Hayward. Niiea aad sun Joae 7.20a
•.OOP nay ward. 5!le» sad Sao Jos* 950a
6.00P Eaatern Express— Omasa, Chicago,
Denver. Kaasas City. 8t. Loul»,
- ' Marttaez. Stocktoa. Sacramento,
Col fax. Reno, Sparks, Montello.
' •„•„ ORdea -.. 12.80*
• .OOP Vallejo, dally, except Suniay.... I 7 .„_
700P Yallejo, Sunday on& ......f 7 ' Ml »
7 CCPl'.lchmond. Saa Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnes and Way 8Utl«Dt 11.20a
700 p Bono Passenger— Port Coata. Be-
nlcia,. Sutiun. Elmlr*. Dlxoa,
Parla. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono-
pah, Keeler aad Way Station*... 7-SOa
8 05p Oregoa A California Kxprese— 8ao-
ramento, Maryavllle, Reddtag,
Portland, Page t Sound aad Eaat. 850a
J.10P Hayward, NHea aad 8 an Jote (3oa-
dayonly) 11.50a
COAST LI N £ ('•arr.w ««¦„).
, (Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Kewark. Centerrllle. ¦ San Jo»a,
Felton. Moulder Creek, Santa
Cms sad Way Statloaa • S-59»
t2.15P Kewark, Centcmllle. Saa Josa,
New A lmad en. Los Q a to«.Kol ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cms and
Principal Way Stations MO-SSa
4.Up Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos...<j
o9-30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only>—
Saa Joie antf-War Stations t7.25p
COAST LINE (Broad *ia«*e^
• • Or (Third and Townaead Streets.)
8.10a Saa Jote and Way Station*.. ....... 830p
7. COa Saa Joae aad Way 8taUoat 540p
800a New A'.maden (Tuei.. Fr!d.. only). 4.1 Op
800a The Colter— San Joae. Salinas.
. Saa Ardo. Paso Roblei. Santa
Margarita, San Luta ObUpo.
Ouadalnpe, GaTlota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Baenarentura. Moa-
talvo. Oxnard, Bar bank, Loa
Angeles.-.....;... 10 30»
8.00a Gilroy. lloillster. Caatroville. Del
Monte, Pacific 6 rove. Surf. Lom-
poc. ...... •....•••.•.••..•••• '.ji 10-30^
9.00a Ban Jeae. Tret Plnoa.Wataonvtlle.
Cap! tola, Santa Cms, Paclfle
Grove. SallBM. Saa Lola Oblapo
and Prlncipat Way Stations. ... 4-10*
10. 30 a Ean Jeae and Way Stations. 1.20p
II 30a Saa Joae and Way Stations. ....... 7.30p
2.15p San Joae and Way Station* ... .... •¦ |.38a
i XOPDel Monte Kxpreas— Saata Clara.
Ean Jote, Watton ville, Santa
Cruz. Del Monte, Moa terey,
Pacific Grove... 12.13*
13-OOp Lot Gotoa. Wright, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara aad
Harrow Gauge v t1Q 45*
S^Op Valencia St., Soatb San Franclaeo,
¦ BurltsRame, San Jote, Gtlroy,
Hoi litter. TresPloos 10.45a
430p Pan Joie and Way Stations ti.QOA
t500P Sanu Clara, ban Jote. Los (jatoi. .
and principal Way Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) tS-OOA
|S-30p SanJoaeandPrlnelpalWayStatloaa §9. 40*
- 6 45p Donaet Expreaa.— Uedwood. Saa
. Joae,GlIruy,Sallnaa,PaaoRoblea,
Eaa Lalt Obiipo. Santa Barbara,
- Lot Angeles. Demlng. Kl P»«<\
St.Loula, New Orleant, Xew York 8-IOa
6.4SpPaJaro, Wationvllle, .Capitols.
Santa Cms. CastrovlU*. Del
Monte, Paciac Grove............ 1(}.3flp
18-15P tanHateo.BereaforJ,n«lmoBt.San
¦ Carloa. Kedwood. Fair Oaka, :
MealoPark. Palo Alto 19.48a
< 6 30p Saa Joie and Way Stations......... 8.38 a
8X0p P«!o Alto and Way Statloni 10.15a
11 .3UP Suuth SanFranciieo. Minbrae. Bar-
llngame. Ban * Mateo, 3elnumt> »
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto...... t943p
a1130PMayfleld. Mountain View. Saaay- '7^
vale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
Baa Jose........................... -tfMI»
. A for Morning. ( P for Aftaraooa.
1 Sunday axeepted. tSanda»oalr
, • Saturday only. . , » Monday only. -
. . IStops at all stations oa Sunday^
To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
HILL VALLEY,
CAZADERa Etc^
, VU Satuallto Tsrry
EUBURBAN SERVICB. STANDARD OAUOB.
Depart from San rrancisco. dally, at fT.Oa.
T:*3. 8:23. »:10. »-«>. 11:00 a. n*.; 1:45. 3 :U .
4:33^ 5:15. 5:50. 6:30. 7:13. 9:00 and U.iS
at Saa Frandaco, dally, at T«:»0.
7:35 8:13. 8:50. »:33. 10:50 a. m.: 1:30, 2:5;
4:».' 5;05. 6:<3. «:22. 8:3T, 7:40 and U:13
P "tDalIy except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m.: alao Sat-
urdays at 3:15 9. m..*nd dally except 3*tur.
day and Sunday at 5:13 p. m.
THROUOH TRAINS.
7-43 a. m. dally-^Casadero and way stationa.
¦ 3:15 p. m.. Saturdays only— For Catadero,
• 5:13 p.'ra.. dally, except Saturday and Sua»
day. for Tomalee. etc C-- -
TICKST OFFICE— «50 Market st
. i FERRY — Cnlon Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Sai I raaciKO _fJfflm*_ I ir. Saa fna«JK«
wk. »»m Imdart ,^^^^| »"^7» *ic-B»7t
__ „ 8:35a (QhS9 iff l?aOp «1O:5Oa
9:5Oa 9:JOa S'^bH 2:35p a:3»f
l';'-4'5*i»"l 1:45^ 6J32f ""g:'J37
gatnrian 4:35p bmraart Illl3p
»Tla flrarily tor " ; IHaariyaJi t* lUlTag«y ,
nCIIT j 650 Ma»mt ST.,(Nortli Shore lUilroadi (
: 8F7ICB J and Sausauto Fgjutv, Foot Market St. '
: _^_'_ ADVERTISEMEXTS. !
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children,
Ik Kind You Have Always Bought
- Signature of C^ut^/)^J^cioUi£A{.
Fills Itself jgF
Simply PrcASthc^l^^^
Metal BarVa
jdSr Self-Filling
'W^ PEN
Is the only pen that .doe* not- dirty tha
fingers, . either - In filling: 5 It * or in writing
' with It. * It feeda '¦ evenly : and is always
ready. Try lone.;. $3.00 up. .¦•_ v
SPEClAIi OrPEB.
" r A- line of fine, white.? linen laid No. ¦! 5
¦ envelopes. Regular - price . 60c a , box. re-
duced to 25c. - «: »*»!¦* JSiHbaiaSeWBBl«ata«M|
: i KODAK PRINTING AND DETVELOP-
: ' ING at cut prices.; -Developing,. roll of six
10c,* roll ; of • twelve 15c; , printing, Velox
finish, 3c to 6c, Solio finish 3c to 5c
! /. All, popular sisea of AN8CO CAMERAS,
.$2 UP.-W-/ ¦:>¦¦-¦ •-, \.--f ¦-.'% '--¦,- - ¦-
- DAYLIGHT LOADING FILMS, all popu-
lar sixes at popular prices, i ,-e . .' - > ¦ ¦ ¦¦. ¦ ¦'*.
''.:* CTKO • Photo Paper gives fine detail and
{effecte.-.Try.it.V- ' ¦ -.'^v'- : •" ---.: ' • '¦
? Mall '• Orders : Promptly 'Attended To.'
THAT MAN PITTS
j- ? .* . F. IW.;PITTS, the Stationer,.
) 1008 MABKT.T STSXET. O DP. Fifth.
i ;;,,¦ .' San, Francisco. -¦'..•.¦
0 vi sit D R . J O R DA N ' S on eat d
|huseum of jihitomyJ
A ;-gJ ¦ 1051jaWtttSX.t«t.8ti*7tt";i.MJil.4
'¦ V *• •';•' J&L * : '- lV * T^e Ltrrett Aaatatsieal Nmas la tie \
9 IBBl • SptdaHat oa th. Ccut Jt.tj* T «tt. O
6 flftfyl DB. J0RDAH-DI8EASES OF MEN 4
\ f CHevH Csoniltatiea frc* and ttrictfjr prtrat*. \
m I <SVI Tf«atment ptnoatXij or •* letter. , A M
f fl |T<1| fatttiv* Curt la 3T«nr cat* aadmakea. T
A P J Hlk "'Write for Boek. niLtlOPlY »f A
V ' I r ¦ 11^ l*aaiA6B, > mailed r&u. ;, f A r .
i/SJ:fl':^«'*i»«l«ableBeokhf kae8)«y.-.--,.-y;-/ .:": \ I
V DWt. J«alDAl< * CO.. 1M1 Market Ht.S. T. V jTHESAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHX D. SPRECKEIiS.. Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McNAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OmCE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY .".... .OCTOBER 24,' 1904
The Business Men's Parker and Davis dissociation of New York has arranged to hold a
mass-meeting in Carnegie Hall on October 12. -Ex-President Cleveland has consented to preside.
The principal speech will be by John G. Carlisle t 'ex-S ear etary of the 'Treasury -~Dz\Xy Papers.
CHAIRMAN ' TAGGART. "Step inside ana 'hear reminiscences of 1893."
THE DEMOCRATIC SIDE-SHOW
THE latest contribution on the
much discussed institution/the
home, is from the pen of Marga
ret Sangster. Her new book on
"The Little Kingdom of . Home" ad
vances no . revolutionary theories
regarding the domestic relations,
but says a good many things that are
worth remembering, as It follows the
bride and bridegroom from the altar
through their trials with their rela
tives-in-Iaw, the selection and fur
nishing of their home, their adjust
ment of their characters to each other,
the coming of children, etc, says the
New York Tribune. It steers a middle
course on the race suicide and do
mestic service problems, advocates a
uniform divorce law, and, while point
ing, out serious dangers that threaten
the time honored institution under dis
cussion, detects elements of hope in
the situation.
One chapter, entitled "Bricks With
out Straw," deals with the financial
policy of the home and the. wife's right
to a share of the Income.
"Despotism never -had a more ex
treme illustration nor was cruelty ever
more refined," says Mrs. Sangster,
"than when the ancient Egyptians in
sisted that their workmen should do
unpaid piecework, but refused to sup
ply them with materials for the Job.
Yet in thousands and tens of thou
sands of modern homes a similar in
justice is perpetrated, not on slaves,
but on loved ones, and It is new every
morning and fresh every evening.
Adoring husbands do not hesitate to
inflict upon their beloved wives a need
less humiliation, amounting in the ex
perience of supersensltive women to
suffering which is almost torture. The
woman does not live who enjoys ask
ing her husband for money and render
ing to him an account of the way in
which she spends what he gives her,
whether he pours it generously into her
lap or .doles it grudgingly from his
pocket, openly wondering why her
purse is so often empty, and openly
discussing her economy\ or her lack
of the same.. Men seldom suspect how
deeply ingrained in wonin'a souls ia
the aversion to being slaply licensed
mendicants. If they did they would.
in the language of Scripture, abhor
themselves and repent, if *aot In dust
and ashes, at least in sucl wise that
an entire change of conditions wouU
speedily ensue. A good man means to
be just if not magnanimous There is
no. reason why, in the family firm, the
husband should claim and maintain the
sole right to disburse the family la
come, while the wife I3 a tolerated pen
sioner on his bounty.
"Only those who have studied the
subject and observed its application ia
many homes, from that of the million
aire to that of the poorest laborer,
know how necessary is a r«form In this
one particular," continues Mrs. Sang-
Bter. "Mistaken domestic finance
wrecks home happiness. Women live
In palaces, wear rich raiment and faro
sumptuously, yet seldom have any
ready money or the least liberty to
spend or give away or Invest a dollar
of. their own, being treated all their
lives as if they were irresponsible
children. In the event of the death of
the husband or father, such women are
often at the mercy of unscrupulous ad
visers, whp find them an easy prey
because of their Inexperience.
"It is not an unheard of thing for the
wife of a rich man, permitted to have
running accounts at stores and to ac
cumulate bills which her husband ex
amines and pays, to lack small change
for carfares and tip* to the drivers of
cabs and handsoms. In reality, the
women most favorably situated for
their own ease and contentment are
the wives of mechanics and day labor
ers and factory operators, to whom the
week's wages are regularly brought,
minus the small sum the man keeps for
his own purposes. The custom of this
class is based on a larger justice than
the other custom, which makes the
husband the undisputed lord of the
exchequer. A wife is a partner la
business, not an unpaid hireling."
Far up In the sky the engine
steams —
Xo train ever ran so high;
The silver rails are white moon
beams.
The lantern, a firefly.
The pilot light is a star that
gleams
Straight up in the misty sky;
Tour baggage to-night Is a bundle of
dreams
Tossed on when you're passing by.
Choo-o-0-0 1 Hear the whistle Wow,
All aboard! if you want to go.
All aboard! Th» gates are down —
Through night train for Slumber
Town.
— Itom fork ¥r%*a.
COMB along, little boy. come to
me.
The Slumber Town train ia
due; .
It always stop* at mamma's
knee
When the weary day is through.
When the sandman sprinkles his
sand so free
The train is coming for you.
Crowded with tads who shout for
glee
And you'll be one of them, too.
Choo-o-o-o! Heafr the whistle blow.
All aboard! if you want tb go.
All aboard! The gates are <Saw» —
Through night train for Slumber
Town.
THE TRAIN FOR SLUMBER TOWN.
COPYRIGHT, 1904, BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENTS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NIW TORK EVENING MATT-.
Don't worry the children. ¦¦:¦
Don't worry about £hem.
Guardian angels still exist, even
in the twentieth century..
Don't lose your temper with
the children.
Don't give way when you have
decided on any plan for them. ,
Don't leave them too much
with the servants.
Don't repel their little con
fidences.
Don't get impatient at. their
most unanswerable questions.
Don't Indulge them foolishly.
Don't forget to encourage
them and praise their little ef
forts to please you.
Don't show favoritism, says
Woman's Life.
Don't disagree abqut them. -
Their father and mother should
always be in unison in their
training.
Don't forget that they are
God's children, lent ; to you for a
season. .
DON'TS—JUSTADOZEN
The diamond is;a^ hard • stone, but It
Is apt to soften a 'marble heart. -\ .:.
I The black muslins ¦> are indeed de
lightful, with their shower groups of
white spots. They are built upon •chif
fon and are worn with cambric and lace
petticoats, so they look wondrously
soft and . lovely. • taffeta is
smarter than white 'muslin, an ma
terial the debutantes f have (allotted to
themselves, and for young and mature
alike there are muslins of the' most ex
quisite floral devices and colorings/ Ex
cept ( for their intrinsic^ worth, ;? hand
painted mousselines are an unnecessary
extravagance; ¦ the woven ones - are so
exquisite. nf
SMART BLACK FROCK.
NO; USE; FOR 'KM.
: > Mr. i Smith~-weii;^jones, ']¦> what do
you- thlhkTbf our^ Russian relations? "
Mr. Jones— Russian relations! There
ain't* any • Russian i onCtarttffthaVaTMry,
kin'vtb'mejv' ¦' - r 'i: ~~~- . V ' Z ¦¦:¦ '-•¦¦¦¦ - ¦-
A ROASTER.;
Micky— Bay, me goil lAa is a hot rag
all: right. <¦,..:, :;J\" V^,^ ¦-- - r -C--C- -C'.
V Jimmy— -She ; must be, : Judgin' ; from
de way «aV .wa» '* toastin', (you '•; yesteirr
SURE!
He— They are all brothers and they
work into eaoh other's hands, so to
speak;,-' "-..-¦. ¦¦'¦;' : „ ' . . .- ¦•¦'". ". v •
She-^-What dothey* do ? '/-fmC: '
;-./v He^— One > is a motormajv: one ; i» a
doctor, one I*** druggist and one ia an
smdertaJcer,
A Good Thing.
" 'Two- heads are better than ;one.''"
Quoted the teacher. "Now, Willie, do
you" know why 7"
"Sure, ma'am; 'cause then you could
get a Job in a dime ; museum an* make
lota o' money."— Philadelphia Press.
THE London papers record the wrecking of two new plays in the
breakers of public disapproval. One of them was brought out
under; the management of Mrs. James Brown Potter, who also
assumed the leading role. It was one of the pathological plays, deal
ing with unlawful love, and the actress. sought to redeem its inanities
by emotional dressing. It was howled off the stage* at -the Savoy,
and Mrs. Potter, prostrated by disappointments, has secluded her
self at' her country seat, Bray Lodge, near Windsor, declaring that
she has forsaken the stage for this season. The tragic element is
supplied by the remarriage of her former husband the same day that
ehe was jeered by her London audience.
The other play, condemned in Lbndon-.on its first representation,
was writtenby Pmero, who gave us that indescribable drama of
grievous immorality, "Iris." His last effort was brought out by
Frohman and is entitled "The Smileless Wife." Among its stage
accessories was an electric doll, the antics of which were expected
to win a smile from the wife, who had entered upon a marriage of
convenience. The play and the doll and 1 all of; its pathblogi cal 'sug
gestions were voted by the audience not only bad but a bore.
These verdicts are; hopeful, signs of returning good taste and
sense in the public respecting the drama. -We have a surfeit of mar-,
ital immorality and the degradation of the domestic relations. 1 -Crime
and sorrow, belated repentance and the, punishment of selfishness
are in the actual world around us, and there re no evidence that their
prevalence is less as the result of any lesson taught by the pernicious
plays of Pinero and his imitators. They have' an\ unwholesome an-
fluence upon, the stage and upon society. Vice and transgression are
in the world, but^there is no : merit nor help in dragging them out
of concealment, to be the theme of dramas that incite to their imita
tion rather than to ; their cure ; The stage is no doubt a -high social
influence, and like other forms of literature the ] drama should make
for the cleanness , of life ; rather than for adding filth as food : for the
lawless imagination. ~ r^v
SOME NEW PLAYS.
Blue and green seem to be; as much
In evidence as ever In * hats. Platiron
toques are still to the fore* and chenille
hats are being conspicuously shown.' !
HATS.
Extravagance in buttons seems to
have disturbed certain minds of late,
not, as it might appear, in the number
often used as part of the trimmings
of a dress, but in their Increasing cost.
That a set for a blouse of half a dozen
gold buttons mounted with sapphires
should havfe cost 5100 each has struck
the superficial observer- as a proof of
most lamentable recklessness in ex
penditure, and is cited to show how
greatly prosperous the times must be
when money can be thus laid out in
accessories of the kind.
It is perhaps overlooked, however,
says the New York Globe, that a set
of buttons of such value is as much
a permanent addition to the jewel case
as a brooch or a diamond comb.
At the present time a particularly
popular form for the fastening to take
is that of a safety pin brooch, nearly
two inches long, at the throat, and set
with a little cluster of pearls and tur
quoises, a tiny enamel star or shield, or
a like device, while three others similar,
but a size smaller, are employed be
neath at intervals.
The fashion for buttons of sufficient
value to be used again : and again be
gan probably with the sets of j half a
dozen in silver, introduced about 'three
years ago', and very often accompanied
by a waist buckle to match. More and
more art has been expended upon them
meantime, "and the Jeweler-has per
ceived that a set of jeweled buttons
is simply the equivalent to the studs
which mankind has used in its shirt
fronts for a generation. Hence .women
are not developing a wholly reprehen
sible extravagance if, instead . of v one
big Item as a pendant of a brooch, they
select; half a dozen smaller ornaments
under the name of buttons.
BUTTONS AT $100 EACH \
COCKRAN and Schurz are on the warpath against Roosevelt.
They are really alarmed about the constitution, which they
fear is about to be burned up: and the ashes scattered.. Mr.
Cockran is in such alarm that he has made a speech on the'subject,
a careful reading of which discloses the origin of his severe case of
panic. He finds that President Roosevelt has destroyed the consti
tution by his order fixing the pensionable age of veteran soldiers at
62. In his letter of acceptance President Roosevelt discussed that
executive order and declared that it was revocable and asked if Judge
Parker would revoke it if elected. Upon this Mr. Cockran makes a
speech which is being circulated as a Democratic campaign docu
ment. He argues that if the order is revocable that is evidence of its
unconstitutionality.
Now, first as to the order itself. It is an exact copy of the
pension age order issued by President Cleveland. He fixed the age
limit by executive, act alone. He did not consult Congress about it :
he did it as President, and thousands of veterans began drawing
pensions in pursuance of it, and are drawing them yet. It was an
executive order and Mr. Cockran should know that all executive
orders are revocable by the same President who issues them, or by
any of his successors. To illustrate : President Cleveland issued an
executive order for the return of the' battle flags, and he revoked it
upon discovering that it was in excess of his power.. But he issued
his pension age order, within his power, and it stood to the end of
his administration and through McKinley's and until President
Roosevelt revoked it by substituting for it an order lowering the
pension age from 65 years to 62.
If this new order in the same matter violates the constitution
and justifies Mr. Cockran's speech of sixteen pages, what must be
said of the order which it supersedes? If President Roosevelt's or
der violates the constitution so did the same order when issued by
Mr. Cleveland.. If it assassinated the constitution, "why did not Mr.
Cockran come to the rescue when the crime was. committed by Mr.
Cleveland?
Of course he knows that neither Cleveland nor Roosevelt vio
lated the constitution by that order. It was a proper executive act,
entirely within the power of the President, and the criticism of it is
contemptible and hypocritical.
Mr. Schurz is alarmed about the constitution. But he served
for four years as a member of the Cabinet of President Hayes and
never blinked. '
COCKRAN AND SCHURZ.
OPTIMISM still characterizes trade all over the country.
There is no depression of any character anywhere, i In Wall
street stocks, grain and produce markets, manufactures, farm
ing communities and railroad and financial circles the feeling of
buoyancy is general. There is a tendency to inflate and magnify
this bullish reaction in Wall street, but elsewhere throughout the
country there is no serious attempt to develop the current improve
ment in business to the magnitude of a boom. ?'.*!'£
The most conclusive sign of the current improvement is found
in the pronounced expansion of the country's bank clearings. Last
week they soared up to $2,750,256,000, which is a remarkable leap
from the $1,800,000,000 point where they stood so long. Not for
many months have these clearings risen so high. - The average fig
ures for the past year or two were $2,000,000,000, and for months
they ran $200,000,000 below the two billion point.
: Of course much of this remarkable gain in the country's clear
ings is due to the great activity on the New York Stock Exchange,
where trading in industrial and railroad stocks has of late become
surprisingly large, the sales last Friday running up to 1,925,300
shares. This is shown by the 55 per cent increase ov.er the same
week last year at New York. But as the gains are common in all
the large cities except Pittsburg, Kansas City, New Orleans and
Cleveland, and are general all over the. country, they show that the
increase in the volume of trade is by no means confined to New
York. The improvement there is only a part of the whole.
Further proof of the expansion is found in the rtrrfe^ 1-7 *- :1 
ures, which were 215 last week, compared with 279 for the corre
sponding week last year. This is the best exhibit made for a year
or two. They are all small failures, too. There have been no large
failures for weeks, nor any bank collapses. Collections are reported
good everywhere, especially in the South, where the indications of a
fine cotton crop, at least 11,000,000 bales, hold out brilliant promises
for the coming year. Money is reported plentiful everywhere.
Still another proof of the increased activity in general trade is
found in the reopening of many idle mills and a steadily growing
output of manufactured goods. The revival in the iron and steel
industry, predictions of which a month or two ago were received
with incredulity, is turning out genuine after all, as large orders for
railroad and structural material are now being placed, and the gen
eral opinion is that the depression in this industry has run its
course. Additional favorable signs are found in an excellent job
bing demand for the leading staples, such as .groceries, footwear,
hardware, clothing and lumber, the expansion in the latter being
chiefly in the West. Still further confirmation is a better demand
for spring goods than observed last year at this time.
The only indication of recession is the sharp falling off in the
demand for wheat and flour throughout the West during the past
three or four days. But as this demand was feverish and apparently
insatiable for several months, a reaction is to be expected, as the
Western millers naturally loaded themselves up with recent phe
nomenal purchases of grain all over the country.
The trade revival is all the more remarkable in that it comes
just on the eve of a Presidential election, when by all the rules of
precedent business ought to be dull. It is this unusual condition
that stamps it as sterling.
A ROSY TRADE ASPECT.
Special Information supplied ; daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), SO Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1043, •
His "Sphere.
He— Don't you ) know' I'm , a fatalist.
I : believe' that what! ls T to be will be.
:'{6h»-7-Well,J'm, quite, sure, Cholly,
that ; you'll Tnevef "do ¦ anything/ to pre-
TWit It— PuckV; :¦
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st
On : November 1. 1304. will be advanced
10c per Ib. Holiday orders received 'p to
that date at present price. . •
'. Finest eyeglasses. 15c to EOd. 7a 4th st_
front of Key's Celebrated Oyster House.*
Miss Peek-a-Boo.
You'll; find your judgment much mis
.. placed.
If you byi^hance Infer,
Because she .wears a; cobweb waist,
7 That there are files on her.
'—Town Topics.
Whenever a Jar is empty wash it
weir In cold water, dry it thoroughly
and put it in a dry place. If you wash
the jars An hot water it will crack
their - glazed surface ; and make them
porous, . which" spoils them for use, as
pickles and preserves require to have
the air kept from : them;
. Keep old kid gloves for ironing day.
Sew a pad lot kid from the left glove
in the palm of the right one. This
will do much to keep the lroner'3
hands from becoming calloused.
To remove iron rust, saturate the
spots with; lemon juice; have water in
the teakettle boiling briskly, hold the
spots 'with lemon juice; have water in
soon disappear.
; It to a ; good deal better . to , live In a
glass house < and: take your • chances on
stones than to have no windows at ail.
. THE DICK BILL— N. W.. City. The
United States militia law of 1903, com
monly known as the "Dick bill." pro
vides that "whenever the United States
is involved, or In danger of invasion
from any foreign nation, or of rebel
lion against the authority of the Unit
ed States, or the President Is -unable,
with the other forces at his command
to execute the laws of the Union In any
part thereof, it shall be lawful for the
President to call forth, for a period not
exceedlng'nine months, such number of
the militia of the State or of the States
or Territories, or of the District of
Columbia, as he may deem necessary
to repel such invasion, suppress such
rebellion V>r enable him to execute such
laws, and to issue - •- orders for that
purpose to such officers of the militia
as he may think proper." This applies
to members of the militia, in some
States called the National Guard the
members • of which must be not' l»ss
than 18 nor more than 45 years of aire
at the time of 'enlistment. .
To prevent thread from knotting al
ways thread your needle at the end
of the cotton as you undo it from
the reel, and make the knot at the
end that * is cut off. If thia Is done
your thread will never knot.
Acids should . never be employed to
clean tinware, because they attack the
metal and remove it from the iron of
which it forms a thin coat. We re
fer to articles made of tin plate, which
consists of Iron covered with tin. Rub
the article first with rotten-stone and
sweet oil, then finish with whiting and
a piece of soft leather. Articles made
wholly of tin should be cleaned .In
the same manner. In a dry atmos
phere planished tinware will remain
bright for a long period, but will soon
become tarnished in moist air.
MORMONS-JT. P., City. The
church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints, a religious sect, commonly
known as the Mormons, was founded
by Joseph Smith April 6, 1830. at
Fayette, Seneca County, N. T., and for
many years has had headquarters at
Salt Lake City, Utah. A Mormon Is
a follower of Joseph Smith and a be
liever in his mission and In the com
munications of the so-called angel
Moroni, son of Mormon. You can ob
tain^ much information in regard to
the Mormons In "The Book of Mor
mon." "Book of Doctrine and Cove
nants," consisting of select revela
tions given to Joseph Smith. "The
Mormons or Latter Day Saints. With
Memoirs of the Life of Joseph Smith"
and "An English Woman in Utah," by
M^s. Stenhouse, a convert -from Mor
mon ism.
Talking Through His Hat.
The members of the Manchester Fire
Brigade are experimenting with a new
helmet meant for use by men who may
be sent -into the interior of a burning
structure, where they could not venture
under ordinary : circumstances." This
headgear is fitted with an electric light
by means of which the surroundings are
illuminated, ; a constant supply of fresh
air is passed through the helmet so that
the fireman will not be strangled by the
impure atmosphere in which he is work
ing, and besides this a telephone is
rigged up inside - the helmet : so that
while; he: is engaged . in > fighting the
flames he may be in constant communi
cation with those outside. and may give
suggestions and Information which it
might be desirable for those outside to
know.
Devices of this character are not un
common, but there is none which seems
to ;be - quite so complete as this • one.
The: manner In , which the telephone is
placed inside the helmet makes It pos
sible for. the fireman to have the use of
his hands at all times and yet to be in
constant touch with '" those outside of
the : burning building. \
DEVILED HAM.— Take the trim
mings of boiled ham*, both fat , and
lean, and grind or chop very 'fine.
Pound to a paste, seasoning high with
cayenne, mustard and salt. If need
ed. Turn into a baking dish and set
in a slow oven for half an hour. Press
the meat into small Jars and cover
with melted butter or dripping which
Is almost cool and will harden over
the top without mixing with the meat.
PRATER CROSS— A. Q.. CJty. The
large cross in Golden Gate Park was
donated to San Francisco by the late
George W. Childs of Philadelphia, and
It was erected "to commemorate the
first Christian service In the English
tongue on our coast and the first use
of the book of common prayer." It is
"a memorial of the service held on the
shore of Drakes Bay, Marln County,
Cal., about June 24, St. John's day.
1579, by Francis Fletcher, priest of the
Church of England, chaplain of Sir
Francis Drake."
FILLING FOR CAKE. — Melt flva
tablespoons of grated chocolate with
cream enough to make a smooth mass.
Add one cup of sugar and one beaten
egg. Cook until thick and* smooth;
add one teaspoon of vanilla flavoring:
and spread between cakes.
SALT LAKE.FIOHT— EL K. City. In
the fight between "Spider" Welch and
"Battling" Nelson at Salt Lake City
recently the police Interfered In the sev
enteenth round on account of the seri
cus condition Is which Welch waa at
that time.
ORANGE FLOAT. — Put one quart
of water over the fire: rub six level
tablespoon! uls of corn starch In a lit
tle cold water; then stir this Into the
boiling water ana cook slowly for ten
minutes, stirring constantly; take from
the fire; add one cup of sugar, juice
and pulp of two lemons; cut five sweet
oranges in small pieces, remove the
seeds and pour the boiling corn starch
over them; stand in a cool place;
serve cold with sugar and cream; this
will serve eight or nine persons.
WHY CALLED "SHE" — A. M. It-
Vallejo, CaL This correspondent wants
to know why a ship Is called "she,"
particularly when a vessel bears a
masculine name. Can any of the
readers of this department enllsrhten
him? -v
It is no longer necessary to be mar
ried even In the softest satin or most
clinging silk; ordinary muslins, silk
muslins, - chiffons, eollennes, and even
voiles with lace let In at intervals are
considered quite appropriate. White
Bilk and kindred stuffs are embroidered
in open hole, work, with orange blos
soms, daisies and sprays of dainty for
get-me-nots, and sometimes these em
broideries are simply charming:. If you
have lovely lace in the family by all
means wear It, otherwise tulle Is much
prettier. Let it be Soft and. volumin
ous, cut square; It is prettier not to
have any hem or applique work round;
take care that it does not rest too flatly
on the head; an orange blossom wreath,
white violets, or lilies of the valley may
hold the pleats in place, or jewels.
Wreaths of orange blossoms have come
back to us from twenty years ago, and
they look admirable with the lace veils.
The ehoes are either worked in silver
or with orange' blossom. A handful of
Annunciation lilies is now the favorite
bridal bouquet It is held - in the left
hand, and the wedding gown is often
embroidered with the same flowers.
ATTIRE OF THE BRIDE.
Recipes and Hints
For the Household
In Answer to Queries
By The Call Readers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;, .MONDAY; /OCTOBER 24; 1904.
MARGARET SANGSTER GIVES SOME ADVICE TO
MEN WHO LOOK UPON THEIR WIVES
AS UNPAID HIRELINGS.
6- The Pioneer Daughters held their
first open meeting for the season last
Monday in Pioneer Hall. A I music
programme,, in charge of Miss Alyerta
Morse and i Miss Ruth Morse, ! r was ; of
fine quality and received the unquali
fied appreciation of . the society. These
numbers were ' v well given: # Sohgi3—
"May Day" (Walthen),' "There's;: No
Spring ,;. but You," ; "Obi ;';., Hue'r,iiTag",
(Tschukon), -"Mattiriata" :(Tosti),"
"An Irish * Love » Song" (Lang) , "Fcmr
Tone Poems," .. piano . (Schonacker);
Miss Ruth : Morse; songs— -"Unterm
Machandelbuun" (Hollender) ,7 "Aller"^
suhn" (Strauss) ; ; "Three, Folk Sohgs-^-'
Irish," Scbtch : [and ¦¦'English'';' ¦ ."Faust
Aria" ' (Gounod ) ,' v . "Aria] Prbin'. Samson
and ' Delilah" (Saint-Saehs)> . At -the
close of the progTamme; sonie^discus-;
sion was" given ¦ to ; ; i the subject fnow
arousing so . much interest \ among ¦ the
clubs— that ; of placing I the statues of
two' representative California^ men \ in
the Ha.ll of Fame at Washington. Mrs.
Josephine .Foster^wished to "asoertain
the sentiment ' of : this^ club i. "upon: the
two ; . names /suggested; , by \her- —
Father' Juriipero'^ SerraT:. and i. Thomas
Starr . King. The acquiescence ot the
members was immediate' and an assent
quickly^ gained 'to" place; the) matter; be
fore 1 , the local Council of j Women;-; , :
The Pacific Coast Women's Press
Association meets to-day at Century
Hall, where a feast of clever literary
"stunts" will be presented— arid inci
dentally some famous. good tea. / 'Tls
said that Miss Ina Coolbrith brews the
tea. If so, that accounts for its . ex
quisite flavor. : . •
interesting layman in San Francisco,
will lecture at the Forum Club" on
Wednesday, when some rather bizarre
opinions and conceptions are likely to
be aired. .Russian songs will lend
atmosphere to the , picturesque and
fascinating Russian.
•'¦¦*¦ — <- ¦. • . •'
The entertainment to be given this
evening at Native Sons' Hall, 414 Ma
son street, for the benefit of, the paro
chial residence fund of St. Francis
Church promises to be one of the events
of 'the season in its line. The pro
gramme has been prepared with spe
cial care, and Its numbers are varied
and attractive.
Through the kindness of John Mor
rissey, stage manager of, the Orpheum,
two stars from the circuit will appear
in their specialties. They are 'Ted E.
Bos, the weird Australian comedian,
who made a marked hit during/ his en
gagement in this city. He will sing
a few of his comic songs and unload
a lot of his funny jokes. Miss Belle
Williams, another of the footlight fa
vorites of vaudeville, has consented to
present one of her clever sketches that
has won her praise all over the coun
try, on the Orpheum stage.
Another pleasing number on the pro
gramme is the two-act farce entitled
"The Burglars." This will be rendered
by a. number of young people from the
Paul Gerson School of Acting. Miss
Grace Gould, a talented young lady
who has made a hit in amateur the
atricals, will play a leading part. The
others in the cast are Katherine'Ran
kin, Lenora Roland,- Pauline. Lord,
Emma Duden, Josephine Clare, Anna
Bellew, Katherine Dougherty, Frank
de Coss, Jack Fra'ser and Sylvester
McDonald.
Rev. T. Caraher, pastor of St. Francis
Church, reports a large advance Bale
of seats and expects the entertainment
to be the most successful ' ever •" given
under the auspices of his church. •
POPULAR YOUNG WOMAN WHOSE
TALENTS WILL ENLIVEN "THE
BURGLARS," A BRIGHT FARCE.
El Alma Cotillon Club will give a
sleigh beir german at their initial
dance to be held in Cotillon Hall on
Friday evening.
"A very'enjoyable party was given by
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Berliner to
their daughter Gertrude on the anni
versary of her fourteenth birthday
last Saturday at their home in the Mis
sion. A very pleasant afternoon was
spent In games and music. The fol
lowing were present: ." Miss .Helen
Conant, Miss Ruth Firth, Miss Carrie
Ltfbllner, , Miss 0 Eleanor Vermeil, the"
Misses Florence and Johanna Happ,
Miss Lulu V Mitchell, Miss Blanche
Head, Miss Ruth t Berliner, !¦ Miss ; Lucy
Smith; Miss Lydia . Gibbons, Miss,Dor
othy Hipkins, .Miss Hope Berliner,
Mrs/.JE. L. Haller, assisted by Miss
Martha* Ohlandt, gave a Japanese' tea
on Saturday afternoon, October 15, at
her home, 7£ Pierce street. The af
fair, which was in honor of the Misses
Pearl and Ruby Stolz, was very pictur
esque, presided over by a dozen pr%tty
maids. '/-,.""¦
Miss Claire Falkenhalm and William '
P. Kemme were married on Saturday
evening:, October , 15, 1 at the home of
Miss M. Mahon, 57. Haight street, Miss
Kitty Mahon and J. 'Gray water were
attendants.
"Mr. and Mrs. Isidore Jonas will cele
brate their fifth anniversary of their
wedding on October 30, at their home,
1516 Oolden Gate avenue. In honor of
the occasion fifty friends and relatives
have been bidden to a dinner. ,
Miss Jennie Olsen of Golden Gate and
John Kahrs of San Francisco were
married on October 10 at the home of
the bride.
• The wedding of Miss Edna Burris
and David Lewis Spangler; took place
on -October. 4. The bride is a daughter
of Judge Burris and a granddaughter
of the late Daniel Swett .'
Miss Winifred Shafer, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. William Shafer, and Mott
Preston of Byron were. married on Oc
tober 12, at the home of the bride's pa
rents in Brentwood. This wedding
unites two of Contra Costa County's
oldest families, both with pioneer his
tories. ' Nearly fifty guests witnessed
the ceremony, performed by the Rev.
D. W. Calf ee of Point ¦ Richmond.
Among them were .-Mrs." Lizzie Arm-
Btrohg, Frank Shafer, Mr. and Mrs. C.
B.v, Harris of San Francisco, Mrs.
Daunt and daughter of Petaluma, Mr.
and Mrs. F. May of Berkeley, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Richardson of Byron.
Miss Violet Raynaud' and William
Baudoin were married at the home of
the bride's mother, Mrs. Annette Ray
naud, 568 Lombard street, last Wednes
day evening. The bride was gowned in
white point d'esprit and white silk.
Miss Victoria Orr, the maid of honor,
wore point d'esprit and pink silk.^ D.
Olson was best . man. Mr. "and. Mrs.
Baudoin, who are known in musical
circles, will live at 21S6 Fifteenth street.
HOME PARTIES.
WEDDINGS'.
Miss Jennie Ralphs, the Misses Pearl
and Helen Stetson, Miss Freda Roesch,
Miss " Vera Sweet, Miss Laura White,
Mir Irma" Farthing, - Miss Angela
Reilly, Miss Ottille Miller.
Mrs.' Annah C. Hackett was sur
prised j by ; her friends on the anniver
sary of her birth, October 15, ' at her
apartments In the Ansonia. The even
ing was a congenial one to all who
shared lp preparing for the party.
The home of Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Car
ter, In Berkeley, was most pleasantly
invaded by their friends on the even
ing of October 15 in honor of Mr. Car
ter's birthday. '. : A 'programme; of music
had . been prepared, in which the fol
lowing took -part: Miss Kathleen
Noonan, -Mrs. J. S. Fox, , Mrs. ,F.
Lercher, Miss Edna Litle, Thelma
Gammer, Mrs. James Litle, Mrs. M. E,
Duesbury. :¦<*--
T." Greenwood was the recipient of
a surprise party at the home of Wil
liam H. ; Barry, 934 Haignt street, on
the evening of October 15. Those who
promoted the pleasant . affair were:
Messrs. E. Raphael, Pw "; Fickett, E.
Kelly, G.W. Bronson, A. Dubs, James
Galloway, E. Evers, W. Kelly, D* B.
Jagels; R. Spencer, , P. Indig, B. L.
Bronson, Theodore Ballinger, the
Misses A. Laskey, G. Laskey, Minnie
Hutchinson. Daisy Howard, Hilda
Laskey, A. Remensberger, Helen Kirk
patrick, Annie McDonald, Grace
Hutcheson, Edith Fickett, E. Windeler,
Edith Barry and Mae Brophy and Mrs.
F. Indig. •
, Miss Ella Clark; was hostess at a
pleasant outing party on Saturday,
October 15. Securing the observation
car Hermosa, Miss Clark filled it with
her teachers and -the members of her
graduating class. The party included:
Mrs. Beals, Miss Cleveland, Miss Bes
sie Bunner, Mrs. Addie Sleeper, Miss
Irene Connell, Miss" Mary Donnelly,
Mrs. : Carrie Merrill, "Mrs. ...Theresa
Regensburger, Mrs. Abble Studley,
Mrs. Matilda Enkle, Mrs. Nellie
French, Miss Hanna Phillips, Mrs.
Pauline Myers, Mrs. Alice Smitten,
Mrs. Franc Blood, Madame Louis,
Miss Hattie Whirlow, Miss Louise Don
nelly.
•;Mr. and Mrs. Charles Duebel Jr. gave
a dinner on October 14, upon the first
anniversary of their; wedding. Their
home, 3616 Sacramento street, was
thrown . open- to, the following guests:
Mr; and Mrs. J. C. Martin Jr., Miss
Grace Bruchtman, Miss Ella Wegener,
Miss Ina Ray of Oregon, Miss Del
Turpin of Oregon, George Erlln, Dr. J.
Anderson, Lieutenant William Ford,
George Bandy, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Duebel Jr.
PERSONALS.
Grant Cordray has returned with his
family from a month's trip to Nevada
City.
Mrs. A. C. Freeman and Mls.s Mabel
V. Freeman left last Tuesday for St.
Louis. Before returning they will visit
New York, Washington and New Or
leans. - . •¦¦¦ , -¦?
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander" Mann, 1418
Calif ornia street, ;. announce the en
gagement of their; daughter, Mildred,
to Abraham Reinhertz. '
Max Conn: announces ~ the engage
ment of his daughter, Elsie, to" Albert
A. Greenbaum. -
•The : engagement, : is ;¦* announced, of
Miss Lillie Hexter of San Francisco to
Lb"Strouse; of Portland, Or.
The engagement 'is announced of
Miss Miriam Douglass. Thompson,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Milo
Thompson of Oakland, and Paul Alan
Roche, , son of John J. Roche- of San
Prandsoo. -
; Mr. and* Mrs. Simon Baruch an
nounce the engagement of tlieir
daughter, Carolyn, to Dr. Albert
Cohen.
The engagement ; is ; announced of
Miss May Cook and L. F.' Guedet. The
wedding will take place early in Jan
uary.;. -¦ ¦ 'r'-'^ f
ENGAGEMENTS.
irres-tihle fashion. And, by the way.
Mips Murphy leaves for the East on the
23th. Miss Margaret McGee rendered
a violin solo, accompanied by Mrs.
William McGee, which was supple
mented by talks by Mrs. Abble C.
Krebs on "The Louisiana Purchase
Exposition."
Now, no woman in San Francisco Is
better equipped to talk intelligently on
the exposition than Mrs. Krebs, who,
aside from being: a charming raconteur,
is thoroughly up on the vitalities of the
fair. She, it is, who represented the
Pacific Coast's redwood interests at St
Louis, where she met commercially and
socially all the celebrities who reported
there. And incidentally. Mrs. Krebs
knew the Pike — In which she differed
from most of our townsmen, who knew
On the 19th Laurel Hall Club, Mrs.
Ella M. Sexton president, had a red
letter day at their clubrooms at 1620
California 6treet, where Miss Agnes
Murphy talked to the club in her own
On next Thursday the club will hold
its second October cession at the same
place. And, by the way, the club's
clever president, Mrs. W. P. Bucking
ham, has decided to become a public
reader. To-morrow night she will ap
pear at Lyric Hall in an interpretation
of "Macbeth.'.' Half of clubdom will be
there and their men-folk. It is most
Interesting to note the interest men
are taking nowadays in the doings of
clubroom. They are finding how much
more peace they j?et when their wives
have a few interests outside of home
and husband.
TTlt aafl humor, by m«mb*n; Beethoven
£2 .. Ils^ En * Lanr-K-orthy; hnmoroua talk.
Captain W. O. Leale; vocal election., Mi£
TTi.m&« O. Crothers; (a) "Don Fatale Don
n°" £>«">. O>> "E]erie" (Maasaaet). irtth
yiolin obllfalo. La« Barbaffelat*; Japanese
cance, la centime. Miss Helen P. Darling, by
I^nnlssfcm of If me. Fatir!-Mu!kr; violin solc«
Introduction and Rondo Caprtedsco <Saint
£atn*). Lue Barbag<elata : vocal selection. Miss
Oresnleaf Krurer; "I Hardly Know," "Hum
nilns- Seng" (KJerup). Accompanist, Miss Ena
Unrwonhr. Programme arranged by Mrs. S.
P. Klumenbcr*.
Last Thursday the Cap and Bells
had a merry day. the session being
held at the Sorosis Club house on
California street. It was Shakespeare
day. The following programme was
presented, and it went with the zip of
sj-pbon soda:
Then the Papyrus Club and the Cap
and Bells have no need for apologies.
They are fulfilling a divine minion,
and should have the encouragement
of every promoter of gladness — and
in this gray old world we have more
need of promoters of gladness than of
promoters of goodness, because for
sooth gladness leads to goodness.
To be cure there are those who
say that humor, or its stepbrother wit.
are Qualities of mind and heart, and
are inborn. That Is undoubtedly true.
Likewise is it true that a predilection
for music is inborn, but it needs cul
tivation and entertainment for de
velopment. And thus It Is for humor.
So hush, ye scoffers, who laugh at
women's clubs whose avowed object
is the "saving grace." Ahl the balm
that humor brings into the embarrass
ments of life. As an antidote for di
vorce a woman's humor has tho in
terlocutory decree beaten a mile.
What a variety of activities wom
en's clubs cover 1 — running the gamut
from philanthropy to fun! The latter,
however, is of rather recent develop
ment. Why? Possibly because wom
en's sense of fun and humor la of
rather recent development among the
masses. Don't scowl, friends! 'Tls
the unvarnished truth. To those of
you who possess the divine sense — the
saving graoe— there is no offense. And
to you who recognize the sex de
ficiency — though through no fault of
ours, but of our upbringings — and who
seek the sunny side of things, here's
to you! May the sun shine the
brighter for you, may the swallows
build under your windows and throw
the fflad note of their loves Into your
eoals! That is joyousness, and Joy
ousness Is the mothe> of humor. Wit
is another creature, possibly a step
brother to humor, with sarcasm or
satire the father. Without wit the
world could thrive — without humor It
would wither, even as would the blos
soms of spring without sunshine.
Then here's to tho club that makes
humor to order — that seeks it, honors
it and by entertaining it, gets on
speaking terms with it.
•¦;• The next meeting - of the Susan B.
Anthony, Club will be held at the apart
ments of Mrs. L. S. Anderson at the
Oliver ; Hotel, 899 Pine street, Monday,
November. 21. £Sj
•Among" those "present at the last meet
ing were: Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn,
Mrs. C. Sherman, Mrs._ Ellen Sargent;
Mrs. E." T. Dunnells.' Mrs. M.' E. Hindes,
Mrs. Lucy»Underwood McCann (attor
ney-at-law), Miss * Helen , Moore, Mrs".
Austin Sperry. Mrs. G. W. : Pririgle, Mrs.
John Swift." Mrs. A.. H. Lelsah,: Mrs. E.
J. Northon, Mrs. E. O. Fletcher, Mrs. Il
B. Anderson. Miss > M/: May,'; Mrs." M." J.
Hale, Mrs? H." Harland, Mrs. Y Andrews,
Mrs. Oulton. .'t^SBtfiSSSBBS^ '• *¦
Dr. TO. N-'Orlow, the; most
discussed - and indisputably the: 1 . most
Promptly Mrs. William Keith of
Berkeley responded _; with an eloquent
though brief speech as follows:
"Madame Chairman — Permit me to
subscribe $500." Now, that's the kind
of eloquence that says something. Soon
others followed, among whom were
Mrs. Mary Sperry, who contributed
$100; Mrs. , Mary H. Johnson, $100.
Inside of a half hour" $1100 was
raised for the cause of equal 'suffrage
and constitutional rights.
And, by the way, the name of > the
association' has I been officially changed
from "The California. Woman's Suf
fragre Association" to "The California
Equal Suffrage; Association." .
Announcement was made that the
council would give the programme for
Wednesday evening, November 3, at
the Young Men's Hebrew Association,
which will give a fair at its rooms,
1970 Page street, from November 1 to
November 6.
The music section of the California
Club, under the guidance of Mrs. John
D. Fibley, will present a virile x pro
gramnle on Friday next, and well may
the music lovers in the club and their
tone loving friends attend.
Miss Estelle Carpenter, the inspir
ited supervisor of music in the public
schools, will give an illustrated talk
upon the famous Tomlln method of
teaching, and will use as illustrations
studies from life — notably some from
the Latin quarter.
How's this for . the cause of equal
suffrage? The Susan B. Anthony. Club
met on the 17th at the residence of
Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn, 1585 P.ost
street, and here's what happened: Dis
cussions were on as to the convention
held in Los Angeles on October 7 and 8,
and enthusiasm was running high. But
let enthusiasm run ever so high, ". with
out dollars nothing much happens, so
subscriptions to the cause was called
for/ --1SBBBSSB
The musical numbers of the after
noon were contributed by Mrs. I*.
Lewin, who sang "Betrogene Liebe," by
Ilildach, and a "Pastorale" by Bizet.
It would seem that tuberculosis and
its treatment are more than of passing
interest, for here is the Council of Jew
ish Women considering it at its last
meeting in Temple Emanu-EL During
the meeting the regular annual remit
tance was sent to the Hospital for Con
surrptives at Denver.
This done, a cheerier note was
sounded, when Mrs. C. E. Cooper read
an original story of "How Marya Saw
the Czar."
The California Club day, in charge
of Mrs. Sidney Smith Palmer, was a
potpourri of knowledge and song, of
science and sentiment,' but in splendid
proportions — song and sentiment lead
ing. Dr. Ophuls, professor of patholo
gy and bacteriology at Cooper's, gave
a technical and practical talk on tuber
culosis. While none of ; the guests or
members contemplate "taking*-tuber
culosis in order to test the physician's
theories, the talk was really interesting
and of benefit. .."
Educational leaflets on window gar
dening are being prepared and many
thousands of copies will be distributed.
Luncheon will.be given to-day by
the Outdoor Art* League In honor of
Mrs. EL P. Behell, who so cleverly man
aged the benefit entertainment at the
Majestic Theater on the 17th. On that
occasion the new theater was filled
with a representative audience and the
league netted a handsome sum for use
in furthering various branches of civic
work.
The members of the league feel much
gratified at the refusal of the Board of
Police Commissioners to grant ten-year
licenses for additional saloons on the
ocean boulevard. Upon request from
the residents of that section of the city
the president and several members of
the league appeared before the Board
of Police Commissioners and spoke in
favor of the protest.
A paper is being prepared by the
league descriptive of all the beautiful
beaches of the world for the purpose
of creating a more general public in
terest in San Francisco's beach, and
the . necessity for making It more at
tractive.
The Daughters of the Resolution, Pu
erto del Oro Chapter, held a meeting
for the election of officers at the homo
of Miss Ida Gibbons last Tuesday aft
ernoon, when the following officers were
elected: Regent, Mrs. Jolin. H. Hoyt;
vice regent, Mrs. I* I* Dorr) record
ing secretary, Mrs. F. H. Halloranj
corresponding secretary, Mrs. W. W.
Wymore; treasurer, Mrs- W. C. Mlllerf
registrar, Mrs. Charles H. Suydam;
historian, Mrs. H. P. Trlcbu; directors,
Mrs. I* C Bigelow, Mrs. Austin Sper
ry, Mrs. E. P. Flint, Mrs. a A. Weihe,
Mrs. J. D. Scoville, Mrs. J. D. Bolton.
The Corona Club, Mrs. Robert Wal
lace president, has been making friends
with Pierre Lotl, through the energies
of Mrs. G. F. Hanson, every member
gleaning something from the beautiful
thoughts of the French dreamer. Then
on September 22 Tolstoi was presented
by Miss Jennie Partrlge, when the
prince-peasant was discussed In all his
relationships of life. The meeting was
further notable for the social presen
tation of new members. During the
reception Mrs, E. A- Stanford of the
Minneapolis School of Oratory ren
dered some Interesting readings.
the Pike thoroughly, and the vitalities
of the fair Incidentally.
MURA BRIDE POTTERS,
To discuss the presiding deity of the
week is a secondary consideration.
What matter whether v Cupid, Terp
sichore or the Club Woman, be upper
most: when we are permitted to live
and : breathe" In such weather! Yes,
truly, the prosaic subject of weather
Is of import now. Personal comfort
aside-— think of the weddings,; the
brides that may turn to Sol with
thanks for his' gentle beneficence.
Then the teas.- They beckon impera
tively for a first glimpse of Dame
Fashion's latest caprice. And the
edict has : been met with gladness, for
gowns : never bloomed } more eagerly
than under the seductiveness of - this
weather. Who will quibble over events
in the face 'of so perfect a condition?
Cap and Bells and Papyrus
Are Public Benefactors.
SOCIETY AWAKENING
CUPID IS BUSY
CULTIVATION OF HUMOR IS
WOMEN'S CLUBS' BEST OBJECT
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1U04.
BENEFIT FOR
CHURCH FUND
IS ARRANGED
7
• Great Special
& wl^i^.f^^B^Ifi^S Offering for
\JH VVVliW Monday.
On Fourth' Floor— We Operate Four Elevators.
This is the first sale of special goods arranged in our
grocery department. N
We carry only the very best quality of goods, but sell them at
money-saving prices. We give our customers just what they ask
for in every instance and at a lower price than the same articles can
be purchased elsewhere.
We have goods put up exclusively for us under the name of
"Tower Brand." It stands for the very highest quality, and it will
be to your advantage to buy articles of this brand whenever pos-
sible.
Coffee— Our Tower Brand— Java and Cranberries — Cape Cod — qts. . .10c
Mocha — worth 40c a pound; spe- Fort or Sherry — 8 years old — regu-
clal 30<i larly *l-50 gallon — special..$l.O5
Hatisco Wafers — Assorted flavors — Maltese Cross or Old Tom Gin—
regularly 30c tin — special. . . .JMe Bottle 80c
Oero Prnto — A breakfast delight Whiskey — Old Hermitage Rye. or
now being demonstrated in our Bourbon — gallon S3.25
model pure food department; reg- (Matured In wood.)
"ularly 2. for 25o — special. 3 pack- Italian Vermontn — P. C. Rossi —
ages ....:.. 25c quart bottles — 3 bottles. . .gtl.OO
Corn — New pack— best Iowa or On- Cherries In Maraschino — Long's or
tury— 3 tins....... 25c Dandicolle & Gaudin's— bot..52c
Bakinsr Powder — Tower » Brand — 1- Riesling- or Santera*— Choice dinner
lb. tins .......31c wines — gallon 7.*>c
(Money-Back Brand pure Cream O. T. B. 'Whiskey — 0 years — straight
Tartar and Baking Soda.) goods — bottle <81.25
Butter — Our choice Creamery Firkin Cocktails — Centnry Brand — nona
— sold by the pound .: 25c better at any price— bottle.. 8 Oc
Cream — Buttercup Brand — Individ- (Manhattan whiskey. Vermouth,
ual size- — 6 tins .25c Gin, eta)
Soap— Tower Brand — extra family • Old Kellable— Sour Mash Bourbon—
7 bars ". 25c hand-made — regularly $3.00 jal-
Puree de Pole Oras BUhac — Tin. ISc Ion — special 82.15
TEZJEPKOanS TOTT» OBPBRS— PBTTATS EZCXAVOB 60S.
THEY WHO* SSCSXVS PBOMPT DELTVjEBY.
Jf AOfcH^tELlABLE : .
r MARKETS OONESST3
All the Shopping Inducements That Have
Made This Store Popular Are Still Here
GRAND SSSit
MATTNEB BATCRDAT
LA8T WEEK
ARIZONA
EpAndld Cast — B«tachm»nt of Cavalry '
BEOINNINO NEXT STJNDAT MATINEE
JANE CORCORAN
Supported by ANDREW ROB3ON
>n PRETTY PEGGY
POPULAR PRICES.
European and American Stars !
The Three Sumoads; Sullivan aad Pas-
auelena; Harvey Comedy Company;
Owley and Randall; Teohow's Cats;
lewis McCord and Company; Btnon
and Paris; Josephm* De Witt and Or-
phenm Motion Pictures, Showtnr M Th*
Moonshiners.'*
Rerular Matinees Every W«dn«iday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices — 10c. 25c
and 60c.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Vanarer.
— STARTING TO-NIGHT—
Oliver Moroaco offers the favorite* of
hts combined stock organizations In Henry
O. Esmond's masterpiece of Love, Comedy and
Romance.
WHEN WE WERE
TWENTY-ONE
T-tOOk at the starry array: Amelia Gardner.
Howard Gould. Frank MacVlcars, George
Woodward, Elsie Esmond,' Joseph Callahan.
Henry Stockbridge, Harry Mestayer, and all
the others.
"HAMLET" 2TSXT
The Biograph, Showing* 4 'Personal, "
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening in the Theater.
TAKE ABIDE ON THE
MZHZATTTSZ: EI.ECTRIC RAILROAD.
SEVEN BABT UOJJ3 IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE L.A MOBT.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orcheatrion.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5a
-When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes! "„ ¦ •'
/>. BUCKINGHAM*
' n^cosT^ME "MACBETH"
LYRIC HALL, 119 Eddy Street
To-Morrow Night and Next Saturday Matines
TICKETS $1— SEATS READY THIS MORN-
ING at Sherman. Clay A Co.'s.
BAJA .. CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1 S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
•tor and N«rvlne.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and SpecUt
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy (or Diseases of tho
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALF3 & BRUNE. Agents.
328 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
niSX AJTD 8AX.T MXAT&
I1C LlUtC * I*A 6h»PPlHK Butchers, 10U
JAS. PUlfcj g WU Clay. TeL Main 13S*.
LEAXT BOOTS A2TD , 8XTZJOXTS.
All kinds repaired. Olobe. Sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission st. Phone Main frtttL
~, oua. ~ ~TT •
1.XTBRICAT1NO OILS: LEONARD * ELLI3;
- 418 Front at.. 8. SV Phone Mala 171*.
PBiarraro. ,
ETCBBUGES, aUiaSSTfci^
COMPANY.
KO LZQUOBS. OBOOXSS.
1X0 rourth St. TeL Howard 1986.
Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday-
SPECIALS
18 lbs. Best Granulated Borax. $1 .00
With orders.
Gblzudelll's Cocoa, per can. '. ....... .20o
Reg. 25c .
Best Eastern Sams, per lb. . 1 . . . . .Z3*4e
Reg. 15c
rasters Cheese. Monday only, per lb..lOo
Reg. 20c.
STew Tomatoes, 4 cans .25c
. Per dozes ...............;:.. .....70c
Choice Creamery Butter, per sauare. .35o
6nlder*s Catsnp. per bottle. 30o
Res- 25c
Good English Breakfast or Green Tea,
per lb ..20o
Others sell the same for 40c.
Curtice Bros.' Mew York Pure Currant
Jeily. per Jar . . . - .... ......... X5o
While they last. Reg. 2Sfc.
Griffin's Extra Pore Some-Made Karma-
lade, per Jar ...15c
Ileg. 20c.
8 cans JTew Cora . . >Jy» J "«?2vy^T. . . 85o
Reg. 10c can.
Salad OH. auart bottle ....*.. . .16o
Reg. 2OagpMBfjpsBsVWs|B9EPBsSHH
Gallon Tomatoes, standard duality, per
can ...'...- ."." .". .;."•'• • \ • •••"•• -X5o
This Is a good buy for hotels.
Seeded Bal«ln». per pack*re. 5o
110 Tovxth Street.- betwe«n Mission and
Sowud str*«ta.
... AMUSEMENTS.
AA| I IUDI A m FHJLICISCO'3
bULUiwlBSM LEADING THEA.,2
3iAST SBTTES HXQRTS
Matinee Saturday.
John C. Fisher pre- \ |\I
senta by special ar- /-* I
rangements with the «*-^ 4. m A
Augustln Daly Estate
GREATEST OF ALL I §\ \/
MUSICAL , H B Y
COMEDIES. M. V^ -*
With JAMES T. POWERS.
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
Next Monday Night — The Laugh Provoker,
"GLITTERING GLORIA"
- With Ieadore Rush and a Great Cast.
" SEATS READT NEXT THURSDAY.
r-CALIFORNIA^
TO-NIGHT— The funniest of them all.
Mason and Mason
. - As the Burglar and the Detective.
In Mark E. Swan's Latest Musical Com-
edy Success, - '
Fritz , and Snitz
NE^T 6CNDAT- MATINEE— HAVER-
LY'S MINSTRELS, with Billy. Van. "the
Assassin of Sorrow," and a host of other
big features. Positively the greatest min-
strel organization In existence.
ALCAZAR^mT
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
-H. V. Esmond's Delightful Comedy.
THE
WILDERNESS
PICTURESQUE SCENERT!
SPARKLING WIT!
ELEGANT COSTUMES!
MAGNIFICENT PRODUCTION!
Evgs. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 25c to 50a
October 31— DRUSA WAYNE.
V\- -luiST "WliXIK
Enormous Success of the First Production
. In English of the Famous (J oxnlc Opera.
Der Bastelftinfler
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
¦ MATINEE SATURDAY.
NEXT MOW- The London and New
SAT NIGHT York Musical Comedy Hit
THE MoSStiNGER BOY
SAME PRICES....^..... 25c. 50e. 73e
Mark&t st., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK. '
MATINEES . SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Most Gorgeou* Production of Steele Mackaya's
thrilling drama of the "Reign of Terror."
MVL KAUVAR
With ' the ¦ popular favorite. Herachel May all.
In the title role.
¦ ¦ . Marvelous mechanical effects.
The guillotine and the headsman.
Explosion and burning of city.
Next Week— "THE WORST WOMAN IN
, LONDON."
, 'LABT TWO PERFORMANCES OF
"DOWN THE LINE"
' J <-,'¦ By. Howard Jacot.
THIS ' AFTERNOON : AND ; TO-NIGHT. '
Funniest; of : all burlesques. ,
"Farewell" appearance ' of the present excep-
• • ._• ¦ , - tional company. -
An admirably acted play gorgeously mounted.
Eighteen ; actual novelties.
This afternoon, 23c. 30c.
r \ Children. We i and > 25c
¦ Tc-night. 25c. 50c, 75e.
-••';•¦¦'••¦¦• AD YERTISjEMENTS.
I?**? 2§?
Sealskin Jackets
Ready-Made or Made to oVa« ia
Every Fashionable Style. . .
$l6pto$350
Our Sealskin Jackets are absolutely
better tlxan you . can 1 buy in any other
store for the same money. . • '
"We make a specialty of remodelincr
; old * Sealskin : Jackets into the newest
; styles, and onr prices ' are very rea-
sonable. .
i)0WT rOBOBT OUB HUMBEB. v ':
ws y^i^^^ ,*y^jjMi»jM > fcKisT'vn?nn8i
Bt^^^_ LV
: " -.,..,¦ ,.,-... .,,..,..' ¦ - ... .., ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perrin
Lr/0V£S
C Perrin gloves wear
- so well that they are
usually retired from
very length of service,
not thrown away be-
caase worn out.
C. .Their memory is
one . of comfort and
satisfaction.
Sole depot for -
- Women's and Children's Gloves at
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,*
:¦ ¦¦ - -Geary Street . and Grant Avenue."
'dlen's Perrin Gloves at all Stores.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montgromery Street.
Capital paid up . . . . . $ 600,000
Dividends paid to depositors . 1,656,226
CHAS..CARPT, President. • . ,
ARTHUR LEGALLBT. Vice-Presldent.
LEON BOCQUERAZ, SecreUry.
JOHN GINTT.Asst. Secretary.
DIRECTORS: \
Dr.' E. Artlgues. Chas. Carpy, Leon Kauffman.
O. Bozlo, j, —.-:. 3. B.' Clot. - A. Roos,
Leon Bocqueras, J. M. Dupas. A. Lesallet.
J. A. Bergerot. J. 8. Godeau, J. J. Mack.
Interest, paid on deposits. . Loans made on
Real Estate and approved securities. •
PalarA DmJ fail fo
raidtc Me the beautlfu j
j COURT Lounging
flflu room, the EMPIRE
ttUU PaRLOR, the
.-J PALM ROOM, th«
ITniflfl LOUIS XV PAR.
H 1 Ulia LOR, and the LA-
n-i-f,, DIES' WRITING
i Hotels rqqm- ;
s*fe|.lsVl#%' Ammunition;' Hunting; and
¦ ¦I MslltL" Sporting Goods. ; Largest
l — l.BllB^k stock. Lowest prices. Send
I Hi IlraH-B for catalogue.
U W 1 V 'W SHREVE & BARBER CO.,
- 739 Market st. and 021
• ¦ .- - ' Kearny. st. ¦;¦..
ODEWEY.STRONG &cb.jfgV
BSBBBSBBaBJBBaBBHBBSBSBBBt*^'
PATENTSV-./J
330 MARKET ST. Sf.^s«t<-
lASTHMANODAi
*: la the only core for Kervons and
• :--¦¦;¦ Bronchial ASTEMA. -
v- Tour Druggist or at 503 HAIGHT ST.. •'
, ¦"*.. v San j Franclscq ' Cal. ' «y
1 ; IA/. T. HESS,
, W'% Votary Pnbllo and Attorn ey-«t-r»aw.
: Tenth Floor.'. Room 1015. Class < BpreckaU bldg. '
t - . Telephone; Main * 883. ; V . "
Residence. 1802 McAllister «C V
1 1 1 Residence Telephone Past 5641.THE,;SANv >FRANGISCO:,GALL, .OCTOBER^ 24, ; 1904:
8
THE • greatest living adviser on' th« continent,
; RICHARD MAYO. \ .
Reduced charges this week.
"-"¦"''."-¦- Full life readlng,-$l. ¦ '
• Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
,v At . a glance, before you have ¦ a ' chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you call
for; give : dates, facts and names of departed
or absent friends; he tells every, wish of . your
life, how } to; gain success In love,- courtship,
marriace, , divorce ; ; whether you' 11 * be - success-
ful In business affairs; In fact, no matter what
may be your fear, ; hope or ambition, I call on
this gifted man | and .find relief; | his descrip-
tions of your, friends and enemies I are as . real
aa though they stood before you ; he will send
you away happier, wiser and bolder than -ever
before; tells you whom and : when - you - will
marry, . settles krve quarrels, promptly reunites
the separated, no matter how long standing,
positively, mentioning your sweetheart's full
name; he ; tells everything, ' good or ; bad; ; you
hear the truth ant nothing but the truth; all
business confidential. 421 Ellis st. (private),
walk in; hours, 10 to 8, dally and Sunday.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1. '
: The great— ELLSMERE..Ellsmere— the great
Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the greatest
clairvoyant . In the world; tells - your name,
what you called for, whom and when you will
marry, about business, etc.: Bllsmere is dlffer-
' ent , from other clairvoyants, because b« does
I what they claim to do; things that are beyond
ordinary understanding, things that seem lm-
. possible; he gives you Information, relief, suc-
cess, satisfaction, power and control -. of I any
: character affecting any one or anything past,
present or future; he tells you Just what you
. may expect and what to do for your best In-
terests in any matter; he awakens a natural
, force within and around you, gtvlng you a se-
cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
influence, unhappiness; disease, . poverty, fail-
ure or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens
up a way for success and happiness you de-
| sire; a power to secretly change the thoughts,
actions, habits or intentions of any one, J even
miles away; ' remember there is no guesswork
f when you consult him; if affairs of the heart
or emotions of love Interest • you, he gives
exact and truthful advice on all love affairs;
he advises you how to settle lovers' quarrels
ana enables you to win the esteem and love or
any cne you desire.
. 3 offices. 1007 ft Market street. 8 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mall, <2.
MME. M. BERNARD- THE, FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Eiam-
; lner bldg.; she : reads your; life correctly,
g.ves an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or busi ness, trou-
bles consult this great medium and you will
. bo told how to overcome them; valuable. ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction-
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. WHle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
, tlon; names given ; special. $1 ; hours 10 to S.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
; Market st.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 6 k p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, "clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future: I. 50c; g. by cards $1: palm-
l»try r full life read. 11. 303 Jones, near Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A — lime. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis et.. near Market.
i — r !
MRS. RICHARDSON, from London. England.
¦ clairvoyant card reader. 313 Ellis; no sign.
MME. MARSEAU, card reader; ladies 25c;
y ;ents:50c. 545 Minna st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th St.. rooms 1-2.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612>4 Eddy st.; no sign.
MME. GABRIEL, from the East; palmist,- card
reader. 765 Market st., r. 2. opp. Phelan bldg.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist ard psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m., 512 Jessie st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller. is now at 317. Ellis st. '¦_ . .;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalL
16 page*. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
- :' BPutiTUAiisM.^. V.:
.MRS. BURR (formerly Anthony), medium, re-
' moved to 32 Hitch Et.. off Folsom, bet.
Third and fourth. . • —
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
. ans, .famous psychic for slate writing, clalr-
: voyance. Office. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. LESTER. . clairvoyant, medium' and life
reader; clr. ev. evg 10c;. read dally. 43 6th.
C/MATO STEERS, trance medium. 805 Larkin.
¦ room 49: readings I to 5: tel. South 319.
cxoTgrero bekotatcto. ¦
SUITS cleaned and pressed, SI; scouring and
" dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 4H»;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
'¦*¦'-' nr DEHTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break-
warranted 20yrs.: crowns. S3 50; fillings, 50c:
' plates ?.">: full set; ¦ all work painless : and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from IS per set; extracting BOc; gas given.
PARIS : Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
' Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. S2 up: fillings, 25c
GOLD fillings.' 75c: stiver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR.' R." L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
».to corner Sutter and Grant ave//',
ALL work guaranteed -by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 069 Mission, cor. 6th.
PBES8MAKER3^ ATO SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Sohool —
• Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. -.1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst ' and : knife pleating." 8tew-
1 ¦' art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
A — THE -Lyceum, an accredited .. preparatory
school for. university, law and medical col-
'-.'. leges ;.refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
" professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
: ¦ lege, has" returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; S5 month; life scholarship
< S50; positions secured; day, ev. -723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
;:: Institution devoted exclusively .. to dramatic
learning In America: positions guaranteed.
,' Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building. '
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
"" vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est.v 1864. Van
der Natllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A -SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all , graduates are getting po-
sitions. I S. ¦ B. Business College, 738 Mission.
HIGH school mathematics,', coaching;* time
: ¦ saved and ; study made easy; mail ; . evenings.
:. - 20 Hartford at.-fflBWrtaaygt-ayfa^^fSfigyiyffpB
CLASSES^ in short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p.m.,
,- 833 * Phelan bldg. ; . terms very reasonable.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1382 Market st. , Send for catalogue.
A— MOVED to 1281 , Market st. : large sunny
..'• ¦ quarters. ~V Western r Business " College.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
:• aVe. ; positions secured. R.- H.. Webster, Pre«.
CAL. school • elocution/ oratory, phys.-' culture;
: day, eve. -T. M. C. A. bldg.. Mason & Ellis.
ZITHER ; lessons' riven by Max ¦ Maier, ¦ teacher
i of zither. 304A.Turk st.,~inear:Leavenworth.'
PIANO t lessons, 25c half-hour, .rf MRS. PECK.
, ' experienced -. teacher. "¦: 1013 ¦ Mission,' near "6th.
SPANISH,. classes and private; 'fifth successful
,.¦¦> year of teaching.', PROF. ; MAYA. 427 Sutter.
ARITHMETIC, i* algebra,* •:' grammar,'' writing,
. etc., S3 mo. ; private. M281 • Market at.V r. 704.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Posi.
. tlons. ehorthand, , typl ng, bookkeeping ; IS mo.
GUITAR, :> mandolin i and piano.*- ¦ $3 * per ,' mo ;
» - mandolin ; club;; $1 ner, mo. j 828 Halght st.
ADULT , and j Juvenile classes -, now : open. - Hin -
man's School . of j Dancing. 1412 ; Polk, nr.' Cal.
i SHORTHAND- taught ithor'ly ; by mail and per-
;; ; sonally.T, Mls« > M.^G/j Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
'. SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ' Day and*
v ; P ARTINGTON- 8. 424 Pine : st-;-Nlght class.
. ISAAC '- Pitman"; Business • College,*- 345 - Haighf
i-ijj individual { instruc. ; f all t branches ; ¦ day, ; eve!
CALIFORNIA* Business ',': College. ; 925 i Golden
iaGata ave..iS.F.; 75-page catalog on request
CHEAPEST, and best in America— The Weekly
':. Call.* 16 pages, sent • to < any < address » In j the
United States or Canada* one year for $L
THE^CALL
JOIIX D. SPRECKELS. . . .Proprietor
" Adfirecs Communicatloas to ,
JOirX McVAPGnT .Manager
\V. J. MARTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Coa-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Booms 217 to 221 Etevensoa st
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts.Fer Week. 75
Cts. P«»r Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terras by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order): _
DAILY CALL Cnclud. Sunday). 1 year... $5.00
DAILY CALL Cinclud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "5e
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.JS0
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year.... 1°°
vnvtv-rr*' 1 Dally... $S.8O Per Year Extra
TOETAGE. J -weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
iress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS tn erder to insure a
prompt aad correct compliance with their re-
OAXLAND OFFICE!
8016 Broadway Telephone Main IMS
BERKELEY OFFICE:
U48 Outer Etreet. Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
CAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS BTANDSf
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
pBloa Sonar*; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Botd aad TTn?rn-»T > House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Bherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
North err. Hotel: Tremont House* Auditorium
Betel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRES72NTATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette BniiaiBg.
Qjonp Dlftaaca Ttlephoae. "'Ceatral 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVK:
PTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune' Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT. ';•'.
C C CAELTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call-
corner Market and Third streets: open unto
12 o'clock evcrj' night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. tn.
*27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. rn.
COO Hares street; open until 8:30 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
f!5 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
2 Ml MlEEtcn etreet; open until 10 p. ra.
3C6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. ra.
J09S Valencia etreet: open until 9 p- *a-
XCortheaet corner Church and Duncaa streets:
open until 0 p- rn.
S300 Filln-iore etreet; open until 9 p. ra. '¦. -
MEETING NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Rcyal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- VY
ING. Degree 4. />r\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. e
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING atVV
7:20 o'clock. Second degree. By order />r\
of the Master.
WALTER Q. ANDERSON. Sec
HERMANS Lodsre No. 127. F. and A. •
M.— Called mtetlnc THIS DAY W
(MONDAY), October 24, at 7 o'clock />r\
1-. vs.. Degree 2. By order of the W^'
M. L. SCHUMACHER, Sec&tary.
KING Soiorocn'e Lod^e No. 260, F. and O
A. II.. JS39 Fillmore Et. — Second ie-VV
rree THIS (MO.VDAT) EVENING at />r\
7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic
procctf from N. H. Burger, la Dry Gulch
Gravel Mine, near Pleasant Valley.El Dorado
County. C»:.. draining into Clear Creek.
which rtarhes Coramnes River, gives notice
that & meeting to receive any protests ¦will
be held at room 96 Flood blfig.. San Fran-
eisco. Cal.. October SI. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
AQgyrS WAJTTED. . .^
WANTED — Experienced hlgrh grade solicitors.
Call bet. !) and 10. 559 Parrott building.
INKLESS fountain pens; cample 15c: dozen
U &0; irtallf >.~>c. FIELD CO.. 119 Bush bC
ATTOBOTTS-AT-&AW.
A rnAVDCLENT divorce is dear at $12 and
is no K^od: for 22 years I've made divorces
a epecialty; quick: quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliafci*; lowest fe«*; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market »t
.IV. MATTHEWS. G32 Market St.— Consultation
free, j-rivate and confidential: no advance
Iee«; busin«Efi promptly and legally transact-
- ei; collections, mechanics' liens, tenants
ejected: probate; leans on real estate; safe,
eound investruects at highest rate of interest.
P.. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bid*..
Cth flocr: entrance room 611; established 26
year*; all courts, general court and office
tractice; no fee* in advance or for consulta-
tion ; evenlcs* by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce; costs $12;qalck.quiet:advice free;
«!1 !«w business; no chance unless pnecezs-
fnl. open evenings. 827 Market St.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; eo fee* or
costs in advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings, S19 Market st.r.33.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet;
all law business; no charre unless snecesa-
ful: open evenings. 927 Market, room 204.
L. S. CLARK. 327 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CTTBB.
El NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
lOe. 25c. .OOc. . 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
alfo wuhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
A jg^*.OQT.
ZOBEIDE, astrologer; psych'.c, occult and as-
trclcrtcal readings. 9 Mason St.. rooms 1-2.
" AUTOMOBILES.
"B" CADILLAC: used 3 months; complete
with lamps, baskets, extra tires, etc; price
y&OO. 513 Sixteenth St.. Oakland.
CADILLAC for J.G50: better than new, as it
fcas enly been run 5 months. Address box
1592, Cal! office.
PIERCE motorettes. one new. one almost new,
at a bargain. 123 City Hall ave.
BOARDINPjrOR CglXPRSg.
GOOD home for 2 chllirea; fine location; near
Haytrerd*: 2 years cf age or over. Address
Call Agency. Haywards.
A PRIVATE family wtu board a girl from 3
to £; nice borne. SS5 Qak St.
"WANTED— A little girl to board. 2262 Mis-
sion ft.
TV'ANTET>-A little girl to board. 1013 Jack-
eon n.
WANTED — Childrea to room and board. ©21
Jacksoa St.. rear.
WANTED— To board a child. 1042 Larkin «t.
WANTED— A email child to board ia private
family; best of care. 861*4 Greenwich st.
WANTED — A child to board. Apply 2260 Mis-
gjOB St. .
CA&PET BEATPrO AND CZJlAJTatO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets oa floor without removal;
carpets and rues also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed -Air Cleaning Co.. 80S Market st.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. ,
WHEN you become dlB«rurted with your work
*end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. TeL South 40.
1VESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson st.; AI cleaning. 3c. FRED IIAGE-
DORX & CO.: phone Missloa 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating : Works,
SS3 Golden Gate ave. Telephone East 126. .
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth «t— Ficjt-clasi
carpet cleaning,. 3c yard.^ Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
•trt. Main 3&4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 203
COItLECTIOg AGENCIES.
.WANTED— BOls to collect under c 2 years*
tandlng by competent and reliable man.
' Tor ¦ information ¦ apply . to * A. T.' '• - SIGEL-
KOTF. i>97 Market fC room 104.,
coi.i;scTioi5r^prriCE8.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
dty or country. Pacific Collection C©., 415
i Montgomery: et.. rooms 9-10.' Tel." Mala 5580.
... ;- gPSOn-SB CHAWOE8. _:
A— $4000; RESTAURANT and- cafe dose to
Market and Powell sts.: rent $300; lease;
place elegantly fitted up and doing a large
business; bent class of patronage; owner en-
gaged In other business; must sacrifice. Bee
R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st. -.'-, ¦
A— $6500; THE leading candy. Icecream and
oyster, parlor ; across the .bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500 f rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind in the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $300: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner; rent $30; best location: business pay-
lng well. R. Q. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $4000: CORNER grocery and bar: few blocks
south of Market st; net . rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in fight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1500; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
location the very best: established years, and
a flrst-clase paying business. All particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% K«arny st __
A— $2300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
horses. 6 wagons, bus, road buggy, harness |
and Btock; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See
R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny St. -
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
J location oa Geary st: rent $30: lease; a good
paying and old established business; disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale.- See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st •
A— $1400; DAIRY produce etore with branch
bakery, confectionery and Icecream parlor;
best location; about 1% blocks from Market"
St.; daily receipts from $25 up. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at ._
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trlct; no night or Sunday work; rent $T5{
lease; a good paying business; value in sight;
j owner engaged otherwise. See R. G, WILKE,
26% Kearny st. .
A— $1500; CORNER grocery and bar; Western
Addition; 6 living rooms; rent $45; 4% years'
lease; eplendld location and good-paying
business. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $800; CORNER ealoon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing buslnesa. Call R. O. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A — $2800; CORNER bakery and confectionery.
Icecream parlor, etc; 4 fine living roome:
rent $50; one of the best of its kind of bust- \
sees in the dty. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et .
'A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar. with liv-
ing-rooms; rent S45: best location on Mission
et. ; place established years; fresh stock;
value In sight and a good paying store. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; saloon, with 10 years' lease; close to
Chronicle bldg.; rent $250; return rent $176;
place doing good business; full value in sight;
a great bargain. See R.G.WILKE.26%Kearny.
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with « acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000; one of the
best business properties: about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $2650: HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with flrst-claas paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a rood paying busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— ?C500; LIVERY and boarding stable across
the bay; 21 horses, 2 hacks, 1 coupe, 18 bug-
gies, harness, etc.: 29 steady boarders; sta-
ble doing a flrst-class paying business; rent
$75. See R, G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — $1600: COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 60 boarders; fine barroom
with good trade; doie to depot; In lively
business town; place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
daiy receipts about $20: best location north of
Market st Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2C00; HOTEL In San Mateo County; 28
furnished rooms, dining and bar room, bowl-
ing alley and dance pavilion; rent $100;
horse, wagon and 3 cows; 5-yeaj»Iease. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2500; a well established and
firpt-elass paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
T. A. BROOKBANK C. H. NORTON
BROOKBANK-NORTON CO..
BUSINESS AGENTS,
917 Market St., bet Fifth and Sixth.
$100 — CIGAR stand; Fourth-st location; doing
nice business; eood stock and fixtures; rent
$10: don't miss this. See BROOKBANK-
NORTON CO.,
i
SALOON— Market st: good fixtures, fair etock:
2 entrance*: reasonable rent; owner at
death's door and will sacrifice for $700 to
settle estate; bargain. See BROOKBANK-
NORTON CO.
CORNER salcon; wholesale district: receipts
$20: bancaln for $1100. See BROOKBANK-
NORTON CO.
GROCERY and bar. license: *al8O saloon license
for sale cheap. See BROOKBANK-NORTON
CO. .____
$600 AND cervices secures a half-Interest in
old established tent and awning manufac-
turing business; party roust be able to man-
age office, or will take a good mechanic.
Full particulars with my agents. BROOK-
BANK-NORTON CO.
$250— PARTNER for well-paylngr cigar stand;
must be steady, reliable man. See BROOK-
BANK. x
FINE • OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any de.
scriptlon do not fall to cail upon us; we may
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH,
/ 1312 Market st
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$350 — PARTNER: must be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG & POPP. 318 Kearay »t
$650 TO $10.000— Saloons that will stand ln-
vestlgation. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny.
RESTAURANT; also delicatessen stores at
bargains. See BERG & POPP, 818 Kearny.
WE need $9000 to lend on salary warrants and
'' high-grade collateral security; we guarantee
you,! per cent per month on money invested
with us, and will return amount Invested on
demand. For further particulars address
box 3752. Call office. *
BRIGHT business man. with $2300, will 'find
best chance ever was offered for. sale- me-
chanic preferred; state age aad your former
occupation;' references required. Box 3419
. Call office. -
F. L. SKAGGS & CO.
Leading legitimate botel brokers of the
West 26 Montgomery St., S. F.; phone
James * 6301« > Hotel ¦ men invited to call.
CARRIAGE 1 '. trimminr, harness and ; carriage
business; great sacrifice on account of loes of
eyesight THEODORE FRANK, 373 Tenth
st. Oakland.
BUSINESS associate wanted; lady or gentle-
man; investment $200 to $1000; profits larg»,
work afiTeeabl": investments' and profits
- guaranteed. P. O. box 424. Oakland. Cal.
FINE delicacy store, ; near Market st : clear-
ing big money: cash business; long lease;
best chance for man and wife. Inquire at
49 Mason st. . '
FOR sale — $600; corner grocery and retail
liquor store, with five living rootns; good
location; well established; rent $30. Apply
350 Preclta ave.
AN excellent paying grocery business; good
trade; good routes: rent reasonable, as pro-
prietor owns ' building. Box 1464. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
DON'T hesitate! Opportunity knocks at your
* door: investigate - our proposition; we - are
eolngto disburse dividends at the rate of
25 per cent per month. » Room 6/ 231 Post st
WANTED— Man or woman with money to en-
gage in the patent medicine business in
Goldfleld,' Nev.; no fakers wanted. • Address
box 3946. Call office. \,
WANTED — Reliable -uartner to' take a fur-
nished shop: either . commission or i rental
Particulars 500 Shotwell st. ' grocery.
$1200 A YEAR for life secured by small month-
ly payments for a short time only. INVES-
TOn, 518 Parrott building.
SNAP — Grocery and bar; long . lease; i low
rent: bargain; doing good business. -Inquire
at 3153 Twenty-fourth st
FOR eale— Bar; 7. furnished living rooms and
large dance hall; 5 years' lease; on Mission
road. 'E. MONL 810 Pacific, t bet. > 8 fc 0 a. m.
ACTIVE man wanted as partner in chophouse;
$150 required; can make $60 a month. 632
Market et. room «.' , - , .
PARTNER." detective and collection; estab-
lished business: small capital. Room 25, 1014
Broadway., Oakland. "' ' TJHnliW JIUKWHtiJll
FURNITURE and variety, store In good local-'
Y lty: living rooms; bargain, as the owner has
: other business. :. Box , 8S22,' Call , of flee. .,•/.
FOR tale— Interest in an Industrial pro posi -
- tlon: , rilt; cd*e; ? investigate. Address - box
3838. \ Call -office. . -\^ .-;„¦» \
$50^-PARTNER '¦'-. In " a s good, \ honest, 4^ paying
, ; bUBineM. F.', 10, to 2, 1118 Market St., room 3.-
OYSTER-HOUSE for, sale,', cheap; owner wants
to go away. Call at 150 Fifth st
A— CAMERON & CO —Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market : and ' Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well-furnished S.room ark. . moored
> one hour's ¦ ride i from ; city; 'fine ' chance '¦ for
summer outing, also for 'winter j shooting and
fishing; conmletely furnished and, equipped
- for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, closets, everything t
strictly : new and modern; accommodates -.12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged. to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st. , ; .¦.'"
FOR sale — Flrst-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city in California; 60 stalls:
rent only $75 per month; well -stocked with
horses, buggies,, hacks and '. coupes; lopg es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
¦ 3 Eddy st. ¦¦ '¦ ' ' ...-'.; >...-¦;-¦;¦' '--•'.¦ **
FOR sale— Stationery, . school supplies, dress
linings; well located, "cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 living rooms ; stock . will Invoice
more than price asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy. et -
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real es-
tate, rooming-houses I and business chances.
CAMERON & CO., 8 Eddy st.
AN ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in' Bhrubbery: 22 rooms furnished: -2
bars, dancing , pavilion, shooting gallery",
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; . sublets - for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct: -clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
eee CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR «ale— One of . the best . hay, grata,- . feed,
wood. coal, lime and - cement 1 businesses in
8. F. ; cheap rent; horses and wagons; all
equipments; oreseat owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $800 per month; trial given if
desired; Dart down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR rale— Fins little 3. room cottage and. barn;
lot 80x187 feet: all - furnished: horse arnlo
buggy; fine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap: $1000.
CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
$600— STEADY, reliable partner In established
business; pays $80 monthly to each: experi-
ence unnecessary. Apply 2S3 Fourth st
FOR sale— Restaurant In Bast Oakland; good
location and paying • buslnesa. Box 1591.
Call office.
ACTIVE man wanted as partner la chophouse;
.$160 required; j:an make $60 a month. 632
Market st., room 6. .
PARTNER for dressmaking ! and hairdresslng
with capital. Box. 4827. Call office.
FOR sale at sacrifice— Express and delivery;
two pin pie teams; steady customers. ' Box
j S037, Call office.
FOR sale — A saloon doing a first-class - busi-
ness; centrally located. Further particulars
of box 1777, Call office. ••
PARTNER in coffee ealoon; big business; act
as cashier; $460 required. Box 3965, Call.
A CANDY -store; must sell; any reasonable
offer accepted. Inquire 1427 Market st.
A COR. grocery delicatessen, with 2 furn.- nns:
rent $15; 8-year lease. 1300 Church st
GROCERY and bar. Inquire Anchor Brewery,
i431 Pacific st
WANTED — Partner; 15 rooms and bar; 8
years' lease. 210 and 212 East st
WANTED — To buy a cigar stand; state price
and location. ' Box 1977, Call office.
WANTED— Restaurant; price must be reason-
able for location and trade. Box 1922, Call.
$200 — BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery, no-
tion?, etc.; 4 sunny rms.; rent $13. 1469 15th.
FOR sale^ — Dairy, produce, delicatessen store;
4 rooms, bath; rent $25. 2205 Mission st
ROUTE for sale. 899 Berlin st
SALOON license for sale. Apply to C ROUL-
LIER. 28 Main st.
SMALL restaurant for sale; 4 housekeeping
. con.; good lease; bargain. Box 3S66, Call.
RESTAURANT doing a splendid business for
sale; reasonable. Call 504 Turk ' st.
FOR tale — Corner saloon; good business. 835
Bryant st
FOR sale — A good plan'.ng-mlll in Sonoma
County: $2250. Box 3110. Call office.
$1000— CORNER saloon; good location; rent
$35. Inquire 729 Mission, cigar store.
SALOON for sale, cheap. ¦ 514% Battery* st.
' opposite Postof flee. '
I.OPGTNQ-HOTJSES POB SAXB.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market eta. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
$350 DOWN AND $500 IN PAYMENTS.
An especially well-furnished rooming-
house In good location, on sunny side;
12 large rooms; Income $60 over rent;
electric lights; refined roomers; will
sell at a sacrifice. •
MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450 — 40 rooms; house poorly furnished: forced
sale; good opening for right party.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — 50 ROOMS; well -furnished —apartment
house; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well. ¦ '
' MARION GRIFFIN. ,
_____ %
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150' month-
ly; very select boarders; owner elck;
will take small rooming-house In ex-
change and time on balance.
\ MARION -GRIFFIN.
$760 — 10 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner for. 12
years; nice location for roomers or
boarders; north of Market •¦¦ -
MARION. GRIFFIN.
$1000 DOWN and $1000 on time; absolutely
the best furnished 20- room house in
this city; lease for 4 years; furnishings
cost $5000 In June last year: owner
sick in WALDECK HOSPITAL; buyer
muet go with agent from this office. •;
MARION GRIFFIN. .
$400 DOWN and $10 monthly: 24 rooms ; ' ex-
tra nlco . birdseye . maple; \ fine carpets;
apartments ; ¦ roomers .. care ' for .¦ their
rootns; 3-year lease; 'owner occupies
4 nice rootns and . puts $61 in bank
monthly. MARION GRIFFIN.
$200 DOWN and $200 in payments ef only $10
. monthly. WITHOUT INTEREST;. 8
sunny rooms; all open : on . to \hall ; 6
¦ blocks north- of Market: cause, • heart
failure. MARION GRIFFIN. :
$217 PROFIT monthly GUARANTEED - br
' ' • owner on a cash investment • of $3000;
no more to pay ; a ' nice; ¦ clean, large,
,-\ well-furnlened rooming-house.
MARION ..GRIFFIN. .
- SACRIFICE SALES.'
$7500 — 180 rooms : - one o£ t he handsomest - and
most modern apartment houses in this
city;- GRAND LOCATION;-.- BEAUTI-
FUL. ALMOST- NBWi FURNITURE;
cost $16,000; will clear '$7500? yearly;
GREATEST. BARGAIN; EVER .OF-
FERED. Agent from this c office will
"accompany buyer."; Exclusively. with ,
- » MARION GRIFFIN. "-
Cut this! ad 'out 'and ''when you come to San
Francisco . call - and cee us at room 406, 'Ex-
aminer; building.; . :- ¦ .-
N. B.— Turn; on to ; this 'proposition the
fierce rays of a 'powerful. Intellectual search-
light and you'll discover, no flaw.
-.-.-¦ i '•> v- .MITCHELL & CO.^V-. ; ; / ;
1208 Market ¦t.'WNSIV^- ' Phone Jessie 2981
¦ Rooming and apartment houses,' hotels and
, flats ' sold . to " su it - purchasers ; < titles c Kuaran-
teed., .'j- 1 ;-. •MITCHELL & lCO;;j _ i? r
$600^-10 rooms: N of Market: transient house;
¦ r f urnlture_and '. carpets ; good ; i rent I $40- .clear- '
5 i£ ing $100 month.' Call . room : l.- ; 917J Market . st i
FOR sale— First-class lodging-house," 10 rooms'
: 2; baths;: alU full ;i cheap? rent;" flnef location '
; .. bargain. 4 Box 3601,1 Call office. ' 7 V H ,-::>' .'- 1
NICELY furnished • 11-room house; sunny; side;
reasonable. , 606 Eddy st.-*, ' : . - ; . -. . 1
•eagiiOTMSirg wA3rria>— atai»--cca.
A middle-aged gentleman possessing tact, busi-
iSssind executive ability solicits otflc, rsp-
rrsVntation of responsfcle business nrta oj
ksency for Southern CaUfornia: a resident of
t2m a neele*. now in this city: uaqu«-stlonahl<»
references. Address box 3412. Call ofacj
TOTTNG man and wifa want positions: man
tort-class coachman, do- gardening u r*-
house' speaks German ar.d Scandinavian; Al
re"ercnceV Box 3698, Call office.
TOCNG honest genUeman wants to work tor
family where he can make us« of his tech-
nu£l Vducation; college graduate. Box 4334.
Call office.
PAINTER, paperhang-r. gralner. etc. settl!r 5
h-re wants work with good firm: flrst-cla*,
eipe'rlence in England and Canada. W1L-
LEY. 423 Eddy, st. ;
YOUNG manl well recommended, J^th h!?h
school education, experienced clerk, desires
JoslUon as clerk, secretary or stenograph.
Box 3826, Call. •
A YOUNG man woulTllke a steady plac» la
country as bartender or wait at table; best
of references. Address R. E.. 125 Lladea
tt.' r Oakland.
AN intelligent, active young man . *e^«« •itri-
ition as assisunt bookkeeper; best reference-
moderate salary; wlUIng to go anywher*.
Box 4203. Call office... ¦
A OERMAN. middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk in srocery J* 0 ™*^* b »f;
room; good references. W. BOHLINO. 417
Keamy st
CHANCE front line battle of UTst© work for
reButations moderate salary; fo°* penman;
business man: total abstaln.r; 23- •»»>»«•
work or go under. Box 8432. Call office.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper and stenographs,
wishes position as salesman^ of gents' fur-
nishing goods. Address C C. P.. 2820 Six.
teenth st. dty. m
COMPETENT and experienced accouataas
wants sets of books to keep, opening aad
closing books, expertin* accounts, etc. Box
2263. Call office.
POSITION' wanted by an all-around engineer,
electrician and machinist; long experience :a
mining; has tool*; temperate. L. J. DOW.
Folsom. Cal. ,
A YOUNG man of IS years wants a position
in a retail hardware store: one year's ex-
perience In a wholesale house. Box S37S. Cail.
YOUNG man wishes position as clerk la
grocery; haa had S years' experience. Ad-
dress box 3583. Call office.
YOUNG man, 17 years old. wishes position ta
office; can run typewriter: am now learn-
ing shorthand; salary. $30. Box 3403. CaJL
YOUNG man wishes position as night elerk In
cigar store; best of references. Address 9.
M., 152S O'Farrell st.
POSITION by young man 22 years old. where
there U good chance to advance; salary na
object. Address box 4330. Cail office.
BARBER of 2% years' experience wishes a po-
sition in a couatry shop; strictly sober.
Address J. M. F., 14 Salmon st. S. F.
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman for
tailoring firm; first-class references and AI
line of customers. Box 4339, Call office.
POSITION by married man. n» children, aa
foreman on cow ranch. Address box 3714.
' Call office. '
A RELIABLE man wants position as night
watchman: references. Address L B.. 758
Folsom st
WANTED — Position as collector; can furnish
good references and bond. Box 1463. Call
office. Oakland.- . m .
BY Gorman gardner as first mm. or as man
alon« on private place? Al references. Box
3944. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man and wlf» to take
charge of country hotel; experienced and
references. Box 3742. Call office.
WANTED — Situation as furniture packer; 12
years' experience: steady work. ED C
BECKER. 559 17th st. Oakland. CaL
COOK and wife desira situations; man good
cook and baker; wife good waitress or sec-
ond work in kitchen. Box 4213. Call office.
COACHMAN and Kardener. all round handy
man. can milk, wishes position; good refer-
ences. Box 4206. Call office.
GOOD mechanic wishes work; special operating 1
tables, washstand and all kinds hospital
furniture. .Box 3530. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook ¦wants work by th« Oa.Tl '
¦ best of references. Box 4319. Call office.
STEADY and reliable grocery clerk wishes po-
sition in small store. Box 4312. Call office.
WANTED — Position as stableman; yotza? man;
. understands cars of horses. T. A. P.. 54 6th.
YOUNG roan wishes situation as collector. Box
3870. CalL
BUTLER' wishes a position; city or country;
has first-class references. Box 8733, CalL
A JAPANESE boy wants situation as school-
boy. R. ICHIKAWA. 61 Minna st
A PORTER wishes position; best of references.
Box 3472. Call office.
BARBER wants position Saturday and Sua-
day. 109 Third it
BOY. IS. with * some experience la grocery.
Box 3498. Call office. -
JAPANESE couple want a place in family:
man good cook; wifs any kind of work. K.
K.. 1 Adelaide pt., Taylor st. bat. Post aad
Geary sts.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work aad help kitchen; small wages; dty or
country. T. ITOW, 931 Webster st. Oak-
land.
X. JAPANESE boy. wish work; dty or coun-
try; good cook: good recommendations: very
honest boy; wagea $23 month. HIT A. 233
Kearny st. ,
JAPANESE wants position as waiter at table
or housework in family. C T. CHARLY,
719 Valencia, st; phone 3296.
JAPANESE honest boy wants position aa
schoolboy la a nice family. A. B-. el
. Minna «t. •
JAPANESE school boy; fine- cook; housekeep-
ing; economy; wages $4 week. GEORGS.
231S California st.
A JAPANESE, professional cook, wants Job:
good in family; city or country; wages $30
up. F. UCHIDA. 839 Sacramento st
HONEST Japanese wants a situation evening
and early morning to do any kind of work.
1S9S O'Farrell st; telephone 1073.
A JAPANESE boy wants any kind of work,
housework or porter, morning or afternoon.
. Address SUZUKI. 1431 Bush st;teLHyde 171.
*
YOUNG Japanese boy wants place as school-
boy. HAM ADA. 1026 Oak at; tel. Fell 1130.
*— —** — "* *— "—^"— *
A JAPANESE wants a position as cook or por-
ter. HARA. 567 Ninth st. Oakland.
CHINESE, flrst-class cook, wants position;
private family. Box 8718. Call office. .
rorAaroiAii, : _
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONUS.
. Secured by the best of income bustaesa prop-
erty under long guaranteed lease; quarterly
8«ad for Prospectus.
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCES CO <X2tOl
1172 Broadway. Cor. ltta 8W
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
££"*A P * 1<1 *»••- $4,600,000 00
Investment Certificates j
Offlee— -No. • 14 Sansome street.
San Francisco. Cai.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold: strong Eastern connectlonsTadvlc; free
Write A.F. HARASZTHY. 522 CroWiey Mdg
fr vis.bi X a- it jfcH POX fa.T,!;;
$78 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down 11 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post «!
HENRY MAYKR pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc.. 7S2 Mission; teKBuSh 813
JrMsOIJl.i-ij.isB- WAJTTEP.
• ¦¦¦'¦"¦ - - ABfJC LEVY. .
Salesroom. 1135 Market , at.'. T»L Jessia 781
: Don't ,ell your furniture, carets. 0* SottS
nlture. etc.. until roa get his esUinat«: -
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
* "*»*J«rs or ;will sell on commStonV7V?BL
eopohtq-hottses fob baiji— Oon.
A — CAMERON ' & . CO.,' Phone South 1050.
, 8'Eddy st, cor. Market and -Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses.: Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. .
180- rooms; grand.' new,' modern- apartment-
> -house; elegantly > furnished -and -equipped;
cheap, rent; fine lease; - payings $500 to $600
•per month;'; close- in; full >of * nice people;
".bargain If. taken at once; dissolution of
partnership.- "-.-'.'
J -,,.> ¦'..,'.:'<•¦¦¦';' '. ¦ ' " ';"'¦ '.*-'" .1 ..... ¦
9-room - flat; rent only • $50; water ."' free; oak
furniture; good carpets: must Bell; price $400.
60 rooms; !new, , modern ' building: 4 elegantly
furnished: close in; full' of flrst-class people;
clearing a handsome profit : fine opportunity
. to get an. up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
*.' ness. - '. »,?.'¦" ¦-'. ".. ".';¦ ¦"¦¦' * - •'
7-room modern flat; 1 close In; well furnished;
; cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300. :
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine down.
j town '-• location ;¦ 2 entrances ; * everything : in
... first-class condition; good furniture and car-'
pets; now. $200 : per 'month;, if run
. transient can clear $300 . to I $350 j per month ;
here Is . best proposition . in city. ;
2i rooms;, rent $145; : new and': elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany: fine proposi-
tion; cood lease. '
128 ¦ rooms; cheap . rent; long lease; first-class
downtown honse; well furnished:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other -business; only with us.. .
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms: best" downtown oommeroial house in
city; clearing now $300 per ' month; every-
: thing flrst-class condition: will .trade' for
Oakland, Alameda . or ' Berkeley property oi
¦ ranch la" California; must • leave city, j
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer. \
80 rooms; newly ¦ furnished . throughout; five-
year lease; downtown; fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making -house; part down, balance reas-
onable interest
iff ' ; •— ¦ — •» ¦ ¦ , ', . . - .
108 rooms; rent only ; $5 CO . per • room: ; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric . lights, bell . and elevator; all light
rooms; well • furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get flrst-class house that is clear-
ing $350 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged
to leave for Europe to settle an estate; maki
offer; exclusively with us. . .;
45 rooms, rent only $125; flrst-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full;
best buy In city; account of sickness ; price
$4500. . . • _,
Have new, modern 82-room house; rent $376;
electric lights, elevator, corner; everything
up-to-date; . owner win exchange for Im-
proved property neighborhood San Jose; value
¦ $7000 to $10,000. ...
Model apartment-house. 2 and 8 rooms each;
rent' Is cheap; elegantly furnished; 6-year
lease; there are 90 ¦•; rooms; everything, new
and modern; you can get bargain account
of sickness. ¦
31 rooms: cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine ehape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. .
Large Hat of real estate, rooming houses and
business for exchange or trade . always on
. hand. CAMERON, 3 Eddy 8t
HOTELS. ¦
\ Phone John 531.
H. C. DECKER H. C. DECKER
906 Market st. Hotel and Rooming-house
. Broker.
28 years celling houses In this city.
7 rooms; Polk st; rent $30; snap.... $425
18 rooms; rent $40; a big bargain; only 600
14 rooms; nr. Pine & Kearny: rent $50. 200
16 rooms; modern apts. ; half cash.... 1050
is rooms; Post, st; snap '¦ ..1050
14 rooms; sunny cor.: rent $60; lease. :. 600
21 rooms; rent $95; N. Market 'st..... 1350
5 rooms; N. Market; new furniture.. 350
23 rooms; Just furn.; rent $90; only. 1600
6 rooms; a little beauty 200
24 rooms; Eddy st; new; see It...'. ..'1600
46 rooms; rent $150: lease; N. Market. 3000
14 rms.; N. Mkt.; $100 cash required.. 460
14 rooms; sunny cor. ; nr. 5th & Mkt. '600
- 46 rooms; respectable house; see It.... 3000
23 rooms; new furniture; on Post st.. 1800
. 6 rooms and bath^ flat 250
. 16 rooms: very good; bargain 1100
44 rooms; fine corner; clears $250 3100
21 rooms; very good 1200
82 rooms; apartment house 0000 j
10 rooms; only $200 cash 800
It rooms; only $250 cash 800 j
50 rooms; country hotel and bar...... 4000
12 rooms; paying house 500
8 rooms; all rented 175
11 rooms; only $250 COO
- 24 rooms; for exchange. .............. 1800
7 rooms; only .'...:.............•.......¦, 200
51 rooms: to exchange ......:......... 3C00
15 rooms; offer wanted"..... 1200
10 rooms; on McAllister st; $200 cash. 800
ISO rooms; elegant; cost $16,000........ .7500
18 rooms; downtown transient; will ex. 1200
82 rooms; Market; offices; permanent.. 2000
24 rooms; hkpg. ; perm.; reduced to. 650
6 rooms; flat; good location 225
15 rooms; fine transient corner. ....... 1250
32 rooms; clears $150 month..". ;.v. ... 2000
' 14 rooms; exchange for a 25 -rm. house 950
16 rooms; fine apartment house........ looo
60 rooms; elegantly furnished; snap.. 6000
¦ 18 rooms; good Investment | 800
37 rooms; corner; rent $125 210O
12 rooms; Golden Gate ave. ;rent $37 60 700
,40 rooms; Powell & Market; rent $200 3000
17. rooms; rent $55; Van Ness ave.... 1400
I will furnish the money on any house . '
17 rooms ; north of Market st. .......... BOO
9 rooms; splendid corner: half cash.. 450
14 rooms; newly furnished.. 700
107 rooms : grand house .............. OOOO
H. C. DECKER. 906 Market, Hotel Broke r . .
. WINSTON. WOLF & WHITMAN.
Hotels, Apartment Houses. Lodging Houses and
• Flats. .
•Insurance. . Loans
1026 Market st. 1026 Market st.
. £S° ma - rent $50;. Pine st; 4 rooms unfur-
nished, only $250; see this.
21 rooms, rent $45; corner; reduced to $650;
a money maker.
14 rooms, rent $70; 8 furnished; this Is a
snap at $350. ; . ,. . .
40 rooms, rent $70; reduced to $1375; same
owner 8 years; north of Market. ¦--¦¦
37. rooms near Market; lease; rent $110; must
sell; $1100; a bargain.
21 rooms, rent $75; near Van Ness; must sell:
asking $1200, part cash.
80 rooms, long lease, rent $370; finest in city;
; reduced to $5700. ;
IF you are looking for flats we ' have them
' lees ¦ than auction Drices. - - . - . ¦
-WINSTON. WOLF & WHITMAN.
-Phone Jessie 2211. . ;i 1026, Market st.
C.E. II INKLE Y. PHONE MINT 796.-
1020 MARKET ST. ' ' OPP. 5th st ;
1. RELIABLE DEALINGS and EASY TERMS.'
SATISFACTION TO 'ALL. .
OUR SPECIALS. ' ,
18 rooms; rent only $40........;....... $500
¦ C rooms; rent $20; a nice home.:.......- $125
7-room, flat: -.elegant; -worth $800.'. .:.¦.. $400
\ 26 rooms north of Market; speculation. $760
i • 82-room apartment house; elegant.'. . V. .$3300
34 rooms, cheap rent,' lease;- a bargain. $1200
-;AXD MANY OTHERS.
WANTED— Buyer for » my downtown 10-room
..-nicely, furnished lodging-house; price $700;
; : terms $200 cash, balance payments. ' Box
;; ;, 3763, Call ; office. . " . ¦¦>-. : - v. >•;;¦.' ; .-- v
S0-ROOM .(downtown, r reeaectable. well' fur-
¦ vnished; earns $140 a month; rent" $150: other
. business compels sale; reasonable ' offer ac-
cepted. Box 3764. Call; of flee. >..:, : - \ . '>
CHE AP— Sold at once; 0 - rooms, J $30, all rent-
•;ed; piano; no work; $700. : Box 3808, Call.;:;
FIRST-CLASS 21-rooin ' lodging-nouse. Inquire
grocery," 1030: Folsom st ;." .-, --¦-r^. ¦--¦¦'¦
$250 — 8- ROOM houso, 6 ' rooms i rent 'for $30 50;
. .¦ rent $16 75. ,110 Minna at. .;
FURNITURE 6-room bouM* $110.1 Call at once.
.363 Jessie, it. ..-. ~ V; " - ;- ';¦ • i\
FOR: sale— 15-rcom rooming-house. Apply 815
;.:-. Geary, st. ¦-.,¦•.-¦.., ;,..;-,¦ ¦.•;..-.¦ .-"¦•¦."¦;¦ -..-,.:
"AN C elegant's residence/' 17 ; rooms. -- charming ; Io-
-,; cation ; rent $65 ; reaa. Mitchell. ; 1208 Market.
HOUSE of fourteen rooms," well furnished, for'
housekeeping.^ 427,; o'FarrelhatVi, ¦-.?.- -
A BRANCH office of .The Call for the reception
advertisements and subscriptions has b«en
; ; ' opened /at ;• 1008 ; Market • st:: < opposite : Fifth.
..Open until 11 p.m.' ¦¦.> v.\ / ~.\-J- ::^'r> *•: :. ¦;«'
ASSURED, SUCCESS rFORVYOU^- '-.T^..
His former $5 reading this week for $1. '
PAUL DESTINE, •_: -
-. ' 1 The first ; registered ¦: trance * clairvoyant * and
'palmist ever, in San; Francisco. -. . •„
i>j". I ¦ do hereby 1 solemnly i ogree ¦ and r guarantee
.to make no charge if I fail to* tell your name
; - \ and . what : you want , to , krow. ! k I tel 1 If - hus-1
.;-¦;? band,; wife ; or, 1 sweetheart «. it = true j or A false.'
i whom and '.when you : will - marry; ! in ¦; fact, 1 1 •
T " will : tell every . hope, i f ear or ambition better
t .:] than • you 5 can 1 tell \ yourself ; k I i will j Improve
>: your condition so you will' reach the greatest
•; « possible t strength ' In t mental ' and . bodily : vigor
i . ;' and luck - that J insures I success • in \ business,
graining and speculation; I implant controlling
¦fi powers in * your ' nature t eo 1 you % can i fascinate
• ; any/ one f you i desire, t win 1 the j one.! you 1 love/;
- bring back your loved cne and cause marriage
Si with . the ; one of ? choice's 10 f A:\ M.Mo 8 Rl M.'
' " Closed Sunday.-, - • 326^0'Farrell st.— 326. :» ;
PVsHB^MBSBBl^BBSS^BBC^Sdl^K^^SSBBBnELH^^^SB^^tfkA^MWI^^rw.-H-' • - T ' . -S '.
A— JAPANESE and Chin^Temployment _ofllce
supplies best help promptly: city Jf??.^
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James o^»^
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. '•NATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
A— ORPHEUM Employment O' 80 ,*"^* 1^- 8 ,'"
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel.. Main 5.5-
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
; best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr..tel.Bush $53.
| RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese EmP' 0 /? 11 ," 1^.^!*
; flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51i>3.
! CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. ",20 y«f™-.
! Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY Sc CO.. 640 Clay.
j ETvrP^OTMSmf WAITTEP— -gEMAIJ.
i YOUNG widow with a child would like a sit-
uation as housekeeper. Call' 830 Mission st-.
wages' no object. ,
SITUATIONS wanted by three young Finnish
girls to do general housework and cooking.
Please call at 322 Fremont st. ¦ ' _
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position;
city or*- country. 324 Mason st.; pnon«
Black 2396. - ' ' _
A STRONG young woman wants housework:
,city or country; $25 to $30. 321 Mason St.;
phone Black 2396. - ¦-'¦¦'
RESPECTABLE girl wishes placs to do house-
work and plain cooking; good Plain family.
816 Linden ave. ¦ .
COMPETENT woman wishes position, general
housework; city or country. 816 Linden ave.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements or invalids; cheerful and painstak-
• ing; references; moderate terms. MRS.
KING. 1159 Turk st.
AMERICAN, good worker, with first-class ref-
erences, wants washing, . Ironing, window
and house cleaning by the day or half day.
Box 4207. Call office. . _^
FRENCH couple want situations; wife capable
to teach French or housework and husband
generally useful all around; best of refer-
ences; city or country. Box 4301, Call.
CURTAINS neatly laundered, iooup: work
called for and delivered. 26 Dore st, between
¦j Ninth and Tenth, Howard and Folaom;
phone 022.
NICE appearing young lady, - highest ! refer-
ences, wishes a position as reception lady
In photographer's; small salary to start.
Address box 4335, Call office.
ACCOMPLISHED young lady pianist and
harpist desires position in orchestra; thor-
oughly qualified In music: expert performer.
Box S864. Call office.
j WANTED — Situation by colored woman as
flrst-class cook in private family or laun-
dress and chambermaid; references. Ad-
dress 1013 Twenty-fourth St.. Oakland.
i LADY, with several years' experteace as book-
keeper and a knowledge of French and Ger-
man, wishes position. Box 1460, Call office,
Oakland. -, "' •
MAID - and seamstress, speaking German and
French, wants a situation: has best of ref-
erences. Address care of MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St., nr. Powell; phone Mala 5472.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern woman, good cook
and laundress, wants position in American
family; good references; will go short dis-
tance in country. 794 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED . nursegirl wishes position to
take charge of one or two children. ¦ Address
box 3441. Call office.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper in hotel
or rccming-house: city or country. Address
MRS. J. J., box 4270. Call office.
SEAMSTRESS, ' hairdresser and' manlcurer
wishes position as maid and do upstairs
work. Box 4308. Call office.
YOUNG woman would like - to have washing
and • mending to take home. 713% Minna
, St.. near Eighth,
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes work by
the day at parties, etc 933A Jackson st. ;
phone Davis 257.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
four years' experience; salary $40 per month.
Box 4274. Call office.
I WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
$1 50 day, from 8 to 5. or $1 from 8 to
1:30. 737 ft Howard st, «
A YOUNG woman wishes a situation at gen-
eral housework, laundress or cook; city or
country. Apply 23% Sixth st., dty.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleaning; $150 and carfare. MSS
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st. .
A YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
| work In- a small . family and small washing;
I would live across the bay. 258% Tehama st_
GOVERNESS, wtll educated, speaks- German.
I good pianist, best of references to character,
I wants a situation. Box 2949, Call office.
A GOOD laundress wishes permanent place for
Monday. Wednesday. Friday; $1 50 aad car-
fare. Phone - Black 4641 .
A LADY desiring a quiet home would like a
position as housekeeper for refined gentle-
man. Box 3S29, Call office.
AN experienced dressmaker by the . day;
cloaks, suits of all kinds; designing. Box
36, 305 Larkin at.
WANTED — By - middle-aged lady, a position
as working housekeeper or care of invalid.
Apply 31S>2 Clementina st
A YOUNG woman with a baby would like to
work In small family; reasonable wages. Ad-
dress 570 Harrison st • ¦
WANTED — A position as stenographer; .three
years' experience; best of references. Box
3971. Call office.
YOUNG widow with a child would like a sit-
uation as housekeeper. Call 830 Mission St.;
wares no object.
EXPERIENCED business woman wants posi-
tion with responsible house; inside or out-
side work. Box 3730, Call.
NEAT colored girl; waitress or general house-
work; city references. 2014 Flllmora it.
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and some
work: $25-S30, carfare. Box 3605, Call office.
LADY will eo out by the day to cook or do
washing at home. - Call 1074 Clay st_
SEAMSTRESS wants work by the day. Box
3939, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation; city or
country. 644 Minna st. ¦ .
ORDERS for plain hemstitching wanted. Box
1464, Call office, Oakland.
.WANTED— Situation as* housekeeper by re-
, fined capable young woman. Box 3598. CalL
ALL around tailoress wishes a place. 1133
Florida st. ¦
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper:
wagea $20 a month. Box 3420, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MAU.
RELIABLE • man. thoroughly experienced In
- ' wholesale and retail wine and liquor busi-
ness.' cellar and store, wishes position. Ad-
dress box 3S04, Call office.
YOUNG man. German.' one and a half years la
. the country, ' wants position of any kind, in or
out of . town. PAUL BACHER, 335 Fourth.
A RESPECTABLE boy wishes a position to do
, . errands. Call at 472 Jessie st.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a trustworthy - man: understands
gardening. - milking,' handy with tools; good
. horseman and . driver; flrst-class references.
Box 3706. Call office.
EXPERIENCED : and competent bookkeeper
. seeks position in the country, preferably with
a mining company: age 27 years; references
. submitted and bond . furnished if necessary.
. Box ¦ 3733. Call : office.
SINGLE old gentleman. German, situa-
tion, caretaker, cashier, clerk, correspondent,
proofreader,- aecretaryv storekeeper; no solicit-
ing; moderate expectations; -best references.
Box '3464. Call office.
MECHANICALLY Inclined young "^ wants
¦ to locate with firm doing contracting or man.
- ufacturing business; has had good experience
' with •¦ steam and hydraulic machinery. Box
: 4246. Call office. ,
YOUNG -'Japanese boy wants -a position as
• ' schoolboy; -> understands •'. plain - cooking. ' F.
, K.. - 2316 California st.. care Japanese Mis-
sion. ' : BBBsBBsHBBSraWHI
¦ BOOKKEEPER— Thoroughly competent • up to
. . date In : modern systems : In accounting and
. ' correspondence/ seeks position either tem-
¦ porarily ' or . permanently. Box; 3467, "Call. -
¦ .YOUNG Eastern 'man 'wishes position to work
mornings and . evenings for board ; and - lodg-
; ing, as he Us desirous of attending college
durinn the day.. , Box '. 4394, . Call , of flee.
BRIGHT/ Intelligent 'handy young* man, speaks
; '. German' and English,: desires position. as por-
- ter, 4 lunch man or . any kind of work. Box
>-'. 3672.'.' Call! office.-*
COMPETENT • -and* experienced accountant
v< wants , sets ¦ of •; books - to <. keep. * opening ' and
r closing - books, . experting accounts, . etc Bot
. ;j 2263., Call of flee. .;,-.'. ¦ - : t?'.;_ x
; ACCOUNTANT— Oraduate. with long -expert
ence. and hishest credentials as to character
and ability, - seeks position ; • modern ' systems ¦
- • correspondence confidential.: Box .4221 -Call!THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1004.
9
FIuVTS TO -ET.
<— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense U«t;
f-rvice absolutely free; take advantage of
1 his department; it will save you time and
:r uble. Ccrdes Furniture Co., 243-59 Geary
t\.. un the square.
(lil'AP rent — Great bargain; new 5-room flat
! r rent, 523 r*r month; sun all day; new
'urr.ifh-.ngs for 6ale. Purchaser has advan-
•.:•;:<• of $150 paid by present tenant. Apply
fieri— S Furniture Co.. 1039 Market et
A- VoAlA-ISTER. 1454 — Upper flat, « rooms,
1 itb; handsociely furnished; panoramic view-
il rottgfaly modern. SPECK. 4 CO.. 209
Montgomery st
SUJCKT middle flat. 7 rooms and bath; all
\vinsi improvements ; large garden; rent
:¦ amenable. 1S53 McAllister st, between
rftner «ind Tlorce.
NKW Cat, upper of two; sun in every room;
iiHtural wood: tile finish; beamed dinlng-
room: 7 rooms; reception hall; rent $10
t:27 Clayton ft.
ROOM flat; all remodeled; new; rent $18-
a'.*3 eotta_e of 5 rooms and bath; rent $16*
laq-ire 709 Elizabeth st. bet Diamond and
I >cu£la sc.
>:t.-S"NN'T 6-rooin Cat; new porcelain plurnb-
::.p: gas mantels: additional attic rooms- 13
in__t_ from Palace Hotel. 1441 Brodt'rick
. ; , r.ear Poet
\KER. 735— Modern middle 7-rcom flaf
t>»w; v»ry panny; between McAllister st
iri CoMfa Gate ave.
CASTttO, 675. near 2©tl» — 2 moderc new flats
r. r-.fl « rooms; rent reasonable; key on
.iresnihee.
\ ARM belt cf Mission; new and sunny 6-room
flats: uj>p«r and middle flat 1122-1124 Guer-
.• et.. war Twenty-third: rent $35.
fi:7 M — FHP.ADER. 726; up-to-date upper flat
rf 7 rooms and bath; run and licht all dar
sr* LYON - HOAG. 116 Montgomery^t
ONE r.f-w. elegant top fat « rooms and bath- '
rr— rine view ; rent only *30. SE. corner •
Uuchar.an and Filbert sts.
CARL. 16-18, near Clayton — New 0-roota flats- '
?; . and $25. '
• EXTRA—, modern flat; 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacraastcto st., above Powell.
HILL. 627, near Castro— Dpper Cat, 6 rooms
and bat£.
LARGEST i:»t of houses and flats to let. <"-"
oft —YON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery »t
U'VvER flat 83C2 Twenty -third st^ near
Oaerrerc; 4 rooms, bath; basement
NH\T eunny flat; 8 large rooms and gas: rent
$13. E. WRAY. 3322 FUlmore st
NEW middle modern flat 8 sunny rooms bath.
ba*«-r.«st. 1523 /Hay «t., sear Hyde.
OAK, 812-963, near Scott — 2 nice sunny upper
Cats In Ane condition; rent $27 60.
TINE, 210S— Cory flat 3 tipper minny unfurn.
rms.: alcove; bath; gas range; refs; couple.
PROFFER. 35, between 16th and 17th New
rci>_*m Cat. 6 sunny rooms, bath; rent $23.
ilX-ROOM Cat to let 3609 Sacramento st
Best reasonable; all-night car service.
TWO urrier new flats; 6 rooms; rents $27 50.
2*.»37 Folsom st.
VPPEn flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20.
Arr!>' 354 Precita ave.
j-;r.O— ELEGANT, eunny, new 6-room flat J
t:<x-L north of Market. 163 Noo st. nr. 15th.
gLAT^^OIt^SArjB— -^ TUKglSgEP.
LANGTOX, 30. bet Howard and Folsom
•Bargain; leaving city; furnished flat of 4
roots-; rent $10.
MODERN 9-room flat; well furnished room*:
full; bargain. Apply 12 to 6 p. m., 1178
Kills st
MOD— SCSI Bunny furnished flat for sale: bar-
t--aln. 11_3 O'Farretl st.. pear Franklin.
HOWARD. 113O\; — Furniture from a sunny 7-
roosi flat: must sell; reasonable.
CHARMIVG s'jnny corner, six-room flat, com-
plete; clears $15. 454 Eddy st
FOR sale — Nicely furnished flat. 6 rooms, bath;
. r^nt reasonable; cheap. 40C-j O'Farrell st.
$375 — Furnished sunny comer flat: 7 rooms;
¦ r.t $45; call aTter 10 a.m. 721 Franklin st
-¦I.AT3 WASTED.
WANTt H — Modern flat or apartments of four
roomy : ur.fur.; reasonable. Box 3969. CalL
KELP WAHTX:_ — -"™*r a t.TJ.
A NURSE fcr 2 grown children. $30; refer.
A cock for a small family in Alameda, $30.
A waitress for a restaurant. $8 week.
A curse for 3 children. $30.
Waitress and chambermaid, Menlo Park. $25.
A curee for 1 child, $18 month.
_t> good housework girls. $25 and $20.
M1KS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st. near Powell.
A WAITRESS and parlor maid. $30; two sec-
end girls, $25 each; housegirl, 3 in family,
S'SO; 3 cocks. $30 each; 5 hnupegirls, $23 and
*:«>; waitress, institution. $20. MRS. NOR-
TON. 508 Mason Ht.
A-WANTED — Girls to learn balrdressing.
rr.ar.icur.r.t, etc.; trade taueht from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three pcEitions to fill immediately; positions
tnaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
fccbool in West. 233 Gear)' st.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to l«arn millinery now tor
:all M-fcton; both sfacons taught from start
to f.!.:ir, In one month for $15; positions as
tric.tr.trs. __esla_i«s, makers, guaranteed at
110 per week up; 7 positions to be filled tm-
ir.frfilately. Parlors 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdressing,
zr.axicuri&g. electric massacre, etc: six hours'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
rrecrr.ized college cf Its kind on coast: day
and evening clarses; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED SHIRT OPERATORS AND
A LIMITED NUMBER TO LEARN.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
pay. 656, Mission st, third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' waists; good pay.
C&6 —lfcfdon 'St.. third floor.
TOCNG girl to assist with baby, etc.; good
home. 32WO Seventeenth et.
WANTED— Girl for second work and sewing.
1307 Hyde at.
"WANTED — A competent girl for cooking and
houaewoyk. 2097 Bush st
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
WANTED — Ladle* to do piecework at home:
rteady employment; good pay; experience un.
nect'scary. Call Emma Spreckels bldg.. S27
Market st, room 401. f -- .-
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats aod Jumpers; steady work.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. 32V4 Fremont st
Apply to Mr. Da via.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer wanted;
state salary and experience, if any. Box
SS78, Call office.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted; 3 days a
wmst; kooU pay. People's Restaurant 631
Clay st ¦
A YOUNG girl, 13 lo 18, to assist In light
houstkeeping end take care of children. Ap-
ply €41 Turk St., room 22.
SEWERS — Ladles' waists. tenuUi gowns, etc;
work eent or carfare paid. H. FRIED-
I.ANDER, 338 Fell st .
LADIES <--rn $20 per 100 wrltlnr ehort let-
ters. Bend envelope for particulars. Ideal
Mfg- Co.. Caesopolis. Mich.
If 'CLP of a!l nationalities to fill various posi-
tions. MR«. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st
GIRL wanted to learn tobacco stripping. Ci-
gas Factory. 42 Market st
WANTED— -German girl for upstairs work and
wait at table. 821 California st •
FIRST-CLASS eleeve maker and improvers.
i:STES. 433 Geary st.
WOMAN to clean paint 145 Linden ave..
sear Vsn Ness. — -
OPERATORS en pants • wanted. 11_ Howard
street ¦
PAKTS finishers and rood sewers. 216 Seven-
street
HOUSEKEEPER waatod. Apply 826 Howard
»t., belweea 1 and 3 p. m.
CERTIFICATED T— ACKERS • for country
schools. S18 , Parrott building.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply,
with references. 606 Haly-t st
PERMANENT position for a mature woman.
Box 423S. Call office. -
a BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertlsemests and •ubsorlptlOB* has
teen opened at 1008 Market St. opposUe
Fifth- Open until 11 p. m.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
- ...~ ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life InsuMnce policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased. •
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. -
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate,'- second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of renta, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
__ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d • ' '
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Box 490, Call office. .
SALARY LOANS— : '
. Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security;, any
amount O. W. BECKEtt, 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46 j
principal cities. Tolman, 533 Parrott bldg. 1
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain :
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2 ;
per c«nt Interest. Baldwin Jewelry «tore, i
006 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third. ;
YOUNG & CO.. rpom 537 Parrott .bldg.. loan !
money on furniture, pianos, etc., at about ;
half the rate charged by other people; mort-
gages at high rates and leases paid off. . I
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mart- j
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
near Market
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month.
Loans on furniture, pianos and other securities,
$25 up, without removal. The North Ameri-
can Realty and Bond Co.. 60 Columbian bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 907 Market st I
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. !
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without !
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee;, no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st. rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
1 ___—— ___________________
MONEY, chattels, other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg; phone Main 3214.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.,722 Mkt
8TAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
1 ALLloans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
: mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, .room 81, 0 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without !
lndorser. M"ORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
OrnCEB AWP STOBE8 TO _ _ T.
ELEGANT offices; new Italian-American Bank
bide.. SE. cor. Montgy. & Sacto. ; light and
sunny, G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy. j
LARGE cellar to rent 1106 Powell st.
"~ ~ ~ w "*-~"
"REXRADIO" ¦ prescribes, uses neither
medicines nor medical instruments; heals j
(solely) by "humanized Radium" power; re- ,
suits speedy, . of ten "Instant"; first treatment i
benefits, or "free" public healing to-day at 2
and 8 jj. m., 783% Market and 1 Fourth.
"TYPHOID FEVER,"
"REXRADIO" quickly expels Typhoid !
Fever. H. C. Knott. 112 Fell St., was last
week prostrated with this deadly fever. His '
symptoms were alarming. fever, extreme/;
pulse at highest, temperature excessive, vom- !
ited "blood." At height of fever Rexradlo's ;
I first treatment quickly started a profuse ;
I sweat, when all extreme symptoms largely !
{ subsided right away, pulse and temperature >
i became nearly normal. After second treat- j
j ment (same day) further copious sweating, J
! followed speedily by perfectly normal pulse j
j and temperature, and complete cessation of ¦
blood vomiting. Patient became cool, easy, j
! restfyl, slept long, soundly. Next' morning j
felt weak but well, and went out to transact I
business all day. To date no relapse, and pa- i
tient has quickly recuperated. To-day he (
said: "I am feeling perfectly well. I,owe |
my wonderful recovery, and perhaps my 1
'life,' to Rexradlo's 'non-medical' treatment '
alone. 'He used no medicine but Just, passed !
I his 'humanized Radium' power into me. which
I Instantly thrilled my whole body, promptly j
1 abatinx the severe pains and fever in a- most 1
j surprising manner, producing a refreshing j
coolness and strength all over me. I am as- j
tounded at my rapid and complete ¦ cure, and ,
as a small token of my practical gratitude I ,
have Insisted on Rexradio's acceptance of a
block of stock in a guld mine with which I 1
am connected. Language is too poor to ex- I
press my appreciation of his truly marvelous
rower. While he is around I shall never |
again dread 'Typhoid.' I am willing to
'swear* to the truth of the above statement"
"PHYSICIANS TESTIFY."
"REXRADIO" last week by one brief treat-
ment publicly restored many totally deaf ears, j
some of which were witnessed by one of the
most noted city "physicians" (name at of- •
flees), who signed the testimony, vouching for
its correctness. Another physician brought a
"deaf mute." who In 3 seconds began to heat
and speak. A third physician, at hall, pub-
.Jicly counseled alleged ."Incurables" by medi-
cine to try Rexradlo's power. When thes4
"physicians" Indorse tbls treatment, "lay-
men" may do well to "investigate" it
" 'REXRADIO'S' one treatment entirely cured
the paralysis with which my baby was
•born.' " Mrs. Allen, 379 Bartlett.
"P.EXRADIO" has recently made several
"deaf mutes" hear and speak before numer-
ous witnesses. One case was witnessed by
Mr. Butler of the S. F. Chronicle, who
signed the record, vouching for its "correct-
ness."
" 'REXRADIO'S' 2 treatments reduced my
. large cancer one-half." — Name at offices.
"REXRADIO'S" references: Mr. H. K.. '112
Fell, cancer, failing sight, fever; Mr. B.. 632
Market, r. 11, paralysis, total deafness; K.
Hall, 17 4th, paralysis; Little, 201 Hyde;
Stuart. 692 ta Capp, locomotor ataxla; Mrs.
Knowles, 379 Bartlett, "ossified" lady; Mrs.
Porter, 3400 20th. anchylosis, deaf mute,
etc. See them. Hundreds more.
"REXRADIO" gives free "public" treat-
ments with wonderful results "to-day"
(dally). 2 and 8 p. m., Radium Hall, .eor.
Market and 4 th. Dally office hours. 2 to 7.
Entrances 783 % Market and 1 4th. v
_________________
DERMATOLOGIST,
Has removed her parlors to 143 Stockton st.
Union-square bldg., over Regal shoe store, opp.
City of Paris,' room 16, where she will continue
to treat . her patrons for all facial blemishes.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. !m-
' proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching ¦ scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy co.. 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL' S Fire oft Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
sore throat, etc. - Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL _ BROWN. 40 Turk st. S. F.
WANTED — Bills to collect under 2 years'
standing by competent and reliable man. For
information apply to C.-L.. SCOTT. ;997 Mar- '
ket st. room 104. , _~_Il
,- FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
• JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
' 1899. 2122 Flllmore st; phone Geary S033. j
BEST on earth— Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured: $1.
BARRADAS MEDJCAL CO.. 830 Grant are.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR ~ ~
¦ On .the worst bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 333 O'Farrell st -
AT less than cost; uncalled for su in. overcoats
'¦ an. trousers at CHARLES LYONS".. Loadon
Tailor. 721 Market at
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 59
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
I .FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Pow»ll.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. :.' Tel. East. 697.
HATH and scalp treatment 1221 Fulton st '
— OST AND FOUa D—- ¦Oonttnnod. _
BLACK horse and cart lost from 185 Seventh .
street . ¦
LIKE FINDING MONEY.
Selling your old gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
watch cases. 220 Sutter st
__.TjyoH-s ros ___(».
C. A, McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
st: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
J. Mlchaelis Launch Co., Union-st. Wharf ; boat-
Ing & excursions. 5 Steuart st ; tel. John 2C5U.
MEPI0A_. ¦ '
LADIES desiring i safe, sure and quick relief
, from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees; CONSULTATION AND. AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief far irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these condltiens. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. ' Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON, Office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re- .
lief guaranteed. 100SV6 Market St., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female j
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
.in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
' i
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or !
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny j
st. Relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations '
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS; i
original method of treatment. 1126 Market j
LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, never fails; I
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MATOBESSES^ AKP ; PI--OWB.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE !
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 216.
— MUTES A3JP MI-TI-fQ.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO, Croasley bldg.
FOR sale — Rich copper mine: will 'bond for
_trlal. Box 375J, Call office.
_ MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT ~
Repair it with elaterite, in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shinnies; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with rrtviltge of buying; modern bar fixtures; '
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 052 Mission st
AN elecant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers? water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 263-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold 1
weddins rings for sale by the PORTLAND I
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 gtockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel).
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form sho«8 at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st, room 12, upstairs. /
FOR sale— Young hunting dogs, pigeons, Bel-
gian hares. 1202 Haskell st, cor. San Pablo,
Berkeley.
A BRAND new 40-foot skiff; up to date; var-
nished Inside. T. TITTOCK, Park-st. Bridge
Boat house, Oakland.'
FOR sale--A lot of-^swonfl-hand" carpet Ap-
ply 422 Golden Gate ave.
FINE talking polly and canaries for sale at
. r.59% Minna st.
BOOKS and libraries; Holmes pays the high-
est. 1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741.
FOR sale — Thoroughbred Irish Setter pups.
1114 Vermont st
1 GOOD gentle cow, giving 3 gallons milk dally, \
i for eale cheap. 4039 Twenty-sixth at. ¦
GOOD tone square grand piano; $50. 1228 i
Filbert st. j
A FINE hunting dog for sale. Apply 2020 j
Lake st , . j
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest (trade- !
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st.'
CASH register, email National; perfect condi-
tion; u»ed sew mos.; $50. 409 Examiner bldg.
Wallpaper 3%c; paint, $1 gal. ; painting, whit-
ening. Merlgan. 1302 Webster: tel.Steiner 3671
600,000 FEET lumber, being wrecked, for sale i
cheap. Phone Capp 3005. !
: FOR sale — St. Bernard dog, 11 months old.
ANTONE DA VILLA, Alvarado, Cal.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1325 Market st
I BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers, lnclud-
I Ing Nationals, guaranteed; ternm. 14 Turk st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material. The Pol an Co., 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
I trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealrtcln for sale for $75 SE-
CURITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50: terms $5 per
; month. P. V. OARIN. 138 Montgomery gt.
j BLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
; ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Migwlon St.; tel. South 811.
! MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
I bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
i SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
i MANN SAFE CO.. 507 Battery st
j GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
! all sizes. J. K. DOAK. 46 Fremont* St.
I ! ¦ ¦ . ¦ — ¦
MZSC--— A2T-OXTS WANTS.
AAA— Highest prices' for ladies,' gents' caetofl
1 ' clothing. Tel. Davis 825, 650 Sacramento st
AA — BUY any amount good 2d-hand ladies' &
j men's clothes. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
' DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
I cash. KARL EBER & CO., room 405, Ad-
ama bldg.. 200 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3086.
: DECOYS wanted; 'collapsible preferred; state
! price; must be in good condition. Box 8875.
I Call office.
WANTED — A- meat refrigerator, about 5x7
; . feet: must be cheap. Box 3807, Call office.
WANTED— Secona hand coin safe in good Con-
dition. Box HUG, Call office.
WANTED — A Duncan lathe in good condl-
[ tlon. Box 2813, Call office.
Levy & Redler, highest price for gents' cast-oB
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
I TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
' theatrical goods." 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2851.
• Mussard — Small Upright, fine order. '
Flscher^ — Fine order, very ' reasonable.
: Sterling— Mahogjmy case; used 1 year.
j Chickerlng — Mahogany case, perfect order.
Weber— Mahogany case, 3 pedals, like new,
from $95 up; easy payments; all guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ - SON, 16 O'Farrell s* ,
RARE vlotms for sale; Francesco Ruggerl,
Domlnicus Montaguana, Sebastian Klots i
Ceasnr GIgli.- HERMAN MULLER.' violin ;
maker, 2 Latham place, S.F.
WHEN you want . to rent a piano, call up or
call on - Scott-Curtaz Piano ' Co., 560-62-64
Hayes st; tel. Fell 5761. • '
ELEGANT $400 piano for 115Q; private party.
•.,301 E ddy.st - ¦ ; :
$90 — UPRIGHT grand, nearly new; a snap.
- HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
; sold;: $135. 237' Geary at
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYBON MAUZY. 308-813 Post st. 1
NEW upright pianos, sold on $5 monthly pay-
- : menta, ¦ SCHMITZ - CO.. 16 ; McAllister st.
" 8-PEDAL Stein way up: Chlckering baby grand;
. fihonrnger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell
' P-BgOyATWB— Co-t_ne_-
PERMANENT cure for eczema. 1221 Fulton
street ,
CYCLE skating rink. Central Park. opp. City
Hall. Market st: Iadiee free. v
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vesta, for $14 78. Fred Wagner. 830 Market
EASY Installments for. Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 — kt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMO3, 11.7
Market st, bet Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy paymaats.
P. Y. OARIN. 138 Montgomery st ¦.
ONE Dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Butter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary.r.SS.
X— DIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonio In the world at 1810 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 BO; dress pants $3 SO.
MUflt Clothing Parlor, eor. Bush and Pupont
MASQUERAGB costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1 at all druggists'.
puku— -Vflnro ape htcte s. ¦
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. S05 Larkin St.. room 49: tel. South 319.
gATS-TTfl. j
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at- !
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bide.. &>2 Market st. j
PHYSICIANS AWD STJ-QEOHS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021Vi Market et.. bet Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107314 Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo.
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
! WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All die-
1 cases cured by Chines* herbs. 746-S Clay st.
BKAIi ESTATE— COU-TT_T— Tor Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to it: the
section that has the most fertile soil in the \
San Joaquin Valley; fine roads; water trans-
I portatlon.
, We are subdividing a choice tract In 10 acre
I lots; only 2Vi miles from town; surrounded by
; modern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
I soil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep:
school on the tract; $75 per acre. This will not
last over 30 days; first come, first served.
Adjoining land sold for $125.
$12,000— Only 2 miles Sebastopol: electric
cars pass place; 100 acres, of which 15 are
bearing apples; all level, rich, sandy loam,
adapted to hops, potatoes or corn; 2 good
houses, fine barn, sheds, poultry-houses, and
outbuildings; complete set farming tools; horses I
and cattle with place. - i
$2800— Close to Petaluma, 1 mile station; 10 j
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau- I
tiful oaks; modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath; |
good barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse. |
cow, 80 hens, buggy etc.; will add 12 acres
adjoining if desired; see this quick.
$10,000 — Close to Geyservllle; 5«J acres rich
Russian River bottom; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard. 12 prunes, 23 acres fine alfalfa; large
new barn. We offer some of the finest farms
in the world in this superb section; let us
drive you around.
$2500— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family orchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; lnvestl- J
gate this.
$4000— Close to Petaluma; 24 acres rich, j
sandy loam In potatoes and asparagus; somo
! orchard and garden; fair 7-room bouse; out-
I buildings; refused $9000 for 17 acres adjoining
not so good; half cash.
$1800 — Close -to Sebastopol; 10 acres fine
land; 4 acres bearing prunes, berries, garden;
5 acres young apples; half cash.
$500 down — lt>0 acres and use of 40 more; 2
miles of postofflce; In Sonoma County; rolling
I land; S acres vines; orchard; finely fenced;
building alone cost $2000: house 7 rooms; barn,
wagon-shed, poultry-houses, yards; 1M0 cords
wood; seme stock, furniture; price 325CO.
$400 down — iO-acre dairy and poultry ranch;
2 good dwellings; barn, poultry- houses. Incuba-
tor; 6 cows. 15 Angora goats. 2 horses, buggy;
tools; 10 tons of h-y; only 1 mile of town; in-
vestigate quick; $2000.
$5300 — Only 1 mile of Hay wards;. 37 acres
, fine land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
{ house 6 rooms and bath; finest barn In county,
: alone cost $4000; fine, view; this is the best buy
in the vicinity. • ...
fr.r.dO — Close to Calistog-a; 90 acres; 45 level.
productive loam soil; well fenced and cross-
> fenced; plenty fine water; fine prune orchard;
¦ good house, barn and outbuildings. We have
¦ a large list of des'rable homes In this locality.
' Let us drive you around.
1 $2630 — North of Watsonville; 65 acres, 8 acres
1 full bearing apples, 9 In grain; fine berry
'¦ patch; 40 acres timber: flowing stream; 9-room
; house; large barn and granary: water piped to
i buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
i and grain ranches at reasonable prices in this
I vicinity. See a few. •
$35CV— 6 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Russian River bottom; 25 acres; 5 acres 1
vineyard; new buirdlngs; 5-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn; windmill and tank; poultry
I houses; see this, and If you want only part of
it will sail unimproved portion at $100 per '
1 acre; if you want to raise corn that will make
j the Kansas article "side step" see some of our
; homes on the Russian River.
: $2950 — 34 acres, near Watsonville; 200 apples;
1 6 acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber; balanee
! grain; 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
j Thirteen acres rich valley land near Sonoma
City; 9 acres fine grapes, 15 years old, balance
pears and assorted fruits; this season's crop
easy $700; no buildings; forced sale; simply
-make an offer.
' $1500— All level, 10 acres, 2 miles of Calls-
j toga; small orchard; good bouse and barn; 2
wells; near school.
! ALFALFA LAND.
I $50 per acre — 3 miles of Modestl; 20 acres up;
half cash.
\ $50 per acre — Near Lodl, on the Woodbrldge
I canal.
$1200—10 acres in vine and fruit belt near
Lodl: sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
$2500— Near Santa Cru«. 60 acres rich alluvial
soil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
! grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house,
I Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed lUt on the coast.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
1C0-ACRE ranch for $3250; six miles from a
large town ; Alameda Co. ; fine level road
to the land; ISO acres cultivatabie; nevei
failure of crops; no brush or waste land;
well watered by many fine springs; house,
barn and outbuildings; fenced and cross
fenced; school 1H miles; a splendid . ranch
for stock,. h«gs and poultry; this is a genu-
ine bargain; don't miss it; photos and full
particulars at this office. H. H. CRANE. 503
California -t. :
FOR . SALE.
The Potter ranch, three miles north of
. Napa, has - been subdivided Into 15 blocks,
ranging from 10 to 30 acres each; this ranch
Is nicely located In the center of Nap* Val-
ley, near a good school, and Is offered for
sale at the low price of ?66 to $0O per acre
by Napa and San Francisco Real Estate
Co., 25 North Main st, 'Napa. Cal.
FOR sale — A nice Bartlett pear ranch; nice
new house and barn; finest, coolest drink-
ing water;, healthiest place in this 8tate;
- will take in exchange city or town property
as part payment FRED BRANDT, Chi-
cago Park, California,
EALE or exchange for city property: sacrifice;
153 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's home.
8H A DBURN E. 405 Montgomery st
" ATTENTION. HOMESEEK3RS'.
Send postal for catalogues of the b*st larvi
bargains In California- C. M. WOO8TER CO..
648 Market st. -
$9000 WILL secure a large tract of land that
Is wcithfour times the amount' asked; must
be soil before November 1: a chance to make
a fortune: positively no-risk. Box 2702. Call.
A SNAP for Immediate cash; 200 acres of the
- finest land in Northern California. ALEX
• MURDOCK, 875 Thirty-seventh st. Oakland.
GOVERNMENT land, with water and timber,
for homesteads, cheap. TH*. PINTHER. 3SU
Sutter st. '
FOR - sale or lease — Nearly 5 acres, all Im-
proved, house, etc. E. A. HUSING, Fourth
ave. and B st, San Mateo.:
FOR good Government lands Inquire 306 Lar-
kin st." room 49, near City Hall.
SMALL ranch for sale cheap; 000 young apple
trees; good water. 4032 Twenty-fifth st
CHEAPEST and best la Amerlca-^The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
BAH CK TO -SAB-.
TO rect— 21 -acre fruit ranch, near Santa. Rosa:
$250 rent per year; complete set of farming
toolE; also horse and wagon, 1 cow. Apply
CSC Sacramento at. . San Francisco.
r iB^a^^gSTATXMP^^
CLEAR Oakland. Berkeley or 6. F. property
for ranches. J. H. EDSON, 14-i» Baooa
•" block. ¦ Oakland.
_ _ g-_s> WAar— e P _,_V,-^
A-MURRay and 63« Clay at
We^.Deak 111^ 10^" 11 * nd Labor Ajents,
ScandtnavhTB < t erm^- French, Italian.
I>*aish la^agea! ' Spanl8h ' Slavonian and
e1?ooc7_e£ a & S '• «°* Wo Hope to
<~.w» Men Work. T Increase 60.000.
flL^En MINES COAL
BlackTSith , MINES COPPER
rpenter. ml ne. north. $60 and found.
6 hand ~i AN °THER MINE.
renuVn»d™h ner ?' sood Go\& rnlne. no blankets
bath ™L T 1 accommodations, reading and
3muc^ : In< »ulre about It; $75.
m »ckers. quartz mine, $75.
COAL MINE.
10( ,.,. STATE OF WASHINGTON.
day^L i!!* 1 " 8 ' company gusrantee $3 to $3 75
T can be made; good accommodations.
uttp-.-. p art Fare Refunded.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
CARPENTERS.
1 -¦'¦ 6HINGLERS,
MECHANICAL.
- LONG JOBS.
2 car Pent«rs, plain house work, fare 50c $90.
2 c ?f pe ? ter ». Berkeley. S3 to $3 50.
2 aWnglers. fare «, long Job. $1 per M fd.
- carpenters, mine district. $97 50.
A -1 „ PLUMBERS.
1 P J um £* r8> fare P 3111 . north. $4 day.
• Derch hands: « cabinet makers: S iron
molders, see boss here, $3 50 day. 2 brush-
m i*.T?£ s: 3 Paperhangers, city.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CTay st
A ~ ARE YOU
Working foreman* and wife' for ranch, $60 fd.
Married farmer, no work for wife, $80 fd.
Fanner and wife. Oregon. $40 fd.
A — SPECIALS.
_ FOREMAN,
rioreman for scraper gang, Nevada, $65 Id.
FARMS— DAIRIES.
30 plow teamsters, $30 to $35 f d. ; 10 genera!
farmhands. $2<J to $30 fd.: 10 milkers, city
and country: 10 choremen and choreboys.
Bey for grocery store, city Job; boys for
factories.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— COOKS, WAITERS.
BUTCHERS. ETC.
German cook, country hotel, $50 found.
6 other cooks, fi waiters, 14 dishwashers,
etc.; 10 butchers shops and slaughterers. $30
to $60 fd.; sausaee.maker, country shop,
south, $40 and found.
WOODCHOPPER.
10 men to chop stove wood, north, rood ions
Job. fare $2 50. $2 cord.
Stableman, city company, $60.
liandy xuan for ranch. $30 and found.
Woodchoppers, Santa Clara County. $2 80 a
cord.
SPECIALS.
GOOD MINE.
8 hand miners, 5S2 00.
0 muckers, $75.
TO BUTTE.
10 laborers, no experience needed, for large
company; « months' Job, $60; brick wheeler,
good job. 12 50 day.
MURKAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
MIDNIGHT SPECIALS.
CARPENTERS.
10 carpenters, house work, Santa Crux Co.,
$3 60. 8 hours.
6 carpenters, C. C. Co., fare $1, $3 25 day.
Baker, country shop, good man. $18 week.
Stableman, country stable. $35 and found.
Buggy washer, city stables. $60.
I 10 laborers, near city. ?2 day.
Bakers' belter, city, $30 and found. .
2 men to build fences by contract.
Roustbout, mine boarding-house, $30 and fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE TO OREGON " TO FREE.
OREGON COAL MINERS. OREGON
LOOK.
10 coal miners for a good mine, good air, no
gae, level vein, crice $1 ton.
BIG WAGES
Can be made on this Jub; ask about it.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
STEWARD.
Steward to take charge of boarding-house,
big- construction Job. $75 and found, see
party here. .
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper and stenocrapher for a country
meat market middle-aged man. $40 and fd.
MURRAY _ KEADY. 034-U36 Clay st.
AT HORD _ SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents 95 Third et
BUTTE COUNTY. BUTTE COUNTY.
Long Job; fare $2 70; laborers, $2.
AMADOR COUNTY— Fare $2 35.
Teamster, $2.
Milker, $25 and found, north.
Man for dye house, $15 to $25.
j AT INDEPENDENT EMP. AGENCY.
Phons James 5576. 012 Merchant st.
i Want 8 single hand miners, $3, 8 hour*.
6 carpenters, company work. 6 too. or.longer.
10 laborers, railroad. $2, board $4 50.
; 1 gasoline engineer. $3.
1 xoo.1 concrete man. $3.
2 harness cleaners, $00 to $70. ~
2 hontlers. $2 per day.
1 butcher, all-round man.
DAIRY farmer. $60 and found: stableman, pri-
vate family. $30 and found; blacksmith, $2 50
day; 2 butlers, $35 and $40 and found; board-
ing-house cook, $40; ran wacher, $30: and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
j ANDRE'S Of flee. 317 Stockton st.— Man and
wife for private place, country, who under-
xtand milking, poultry and vegetable garden,
$50 and found; second cook, $40; cook, $t;0;
waiter, $40; dishwasher, $30; cboreman, $15,
!_____
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r, 12—
i Second cook. $40; night clerk, $25; office open
Sunday 9 » 12.
; A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r, 12—
L Dishwasher, city; $25 and found.
! A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12 —
MasseuFee for springs. $30.
': WANTED — Three laborers, pick and shovel.
; Fourteenth ave. and N st South; take Ken-
! tucky-tt. car.
I REPORTER for weekly trade paper: city; $12
week to start; state experience in own hand-
writing. Box 3926, Call office.
ONE or two men to learn a good trade; steady
i work; no night or Sunday work; $25 security
! required. Apply upstairs, 618 Merchant et.
! FIRST-CLASS plumber wanted. 3612 West St.,
Oakland.
} WANTED — To buy a barber shop In a good
1 country town. Box S587, Call office.
BARBERS— I want to buy all or half of good
J paying shop! Box 3682. Call office.
j WANTED— 3 good, bright errand boys; steady
norfttons: chance to advance. M. FRIED-
! MAN & CO.. 233 Post st
: YOUNG man for men's furnishing goods want-
; ed. Apply between 9 and 11 a. ro. at HALE
i BROS.' .
j MAN wanted handy with plasterer's and paint-
! er's tools on Jobbing, etc.; state experience
! and lowest terms. Box 3810, Call office.
; .EXPERIENCED cigar salesman with estab-
lished trade; local factory; good salary. Box
8903. Call.
! SUBMANAGER, also solicitors; Pacific Mutual
! Ufe. 508 Montgomery st.: call mornings at
; i-ocm* 31-32. 7th floor; references required.
• WANTED — A man to run bowling alley. Ap-
ply at Pearl Lodging-house. Mlasion and
1 Ninth sts.. WILLIAM ASHMORE.
COLLECTOR by established company: salary
ICO per month; $300 cash security and refer-
ence. Box 8881. Call office.
WANTED — Seaman and ordinary seaman.
THO8. MURRAY. Shipping Agent. BIO Davis
street
I WILL teach you all about life insurance and
cow to «ell It; write for terms and appoint-
ment Box 32i3. Call office.
WANTED — Men to fill S5O rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattress, electric
light In every room. 681 Howard st.'
S. F. Barber College, 741 Howard st, wants all
young men to know that It has the finest
equipped school west of St Louis; 'red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to AOc. 563 Mission nt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
A CHANCE to make money for bright boys
and girls. Call 1015 Geary st
JOB carpenter wanted. 2140 Pine street
PLOW fitter wanted. Benlcia Iron Works, 519
Mission gt.. San Francisco.
TTVERGETIC, rr-llable men as city and coun-
try agents: steady positions. 247 Fifth et
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3036
Twenty-fourth st
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
«„. third floor, room 4.
FOR tale— A bargain; two-«hair barber shop;
m^st -0 East 1608 Devlsadero st.
~rnaT.rLAS8 coatmaker wanted to work *in-
"uT-f LINDNER- BROS.. 208 Sutter st
CLERK in dear stand. Box 8905. Call office.
WANTED— Shoemaker: first class. Box 8333.
Call office.
SMALL boy; easy work. SIEBB SHOE CO..
130 Main st . ' ¦.«•¦-.- -
I *°^JEf %^e^^« b C_-
-_ _ _ -STAT-— orrr— to_ t_— ¦ -
SAGE. DEALET & CO.. _, ,
638 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION '
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon. Thurs-
day. Oct 27, 1904.
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS SITE.
No. 313 Stockton st north of Post; lot
20:lUx60 ft; Improvements thereon a 3-story
building, consisting of store and 2 lofts, wltn
baaement; will lease for about $230 per ma.
MISSION FLATS.
Noa. 538-540 Noe st. north of 19th: Im-
provements consist of 2 modern flats, contain-
ing 5-6 rooms, porcelain bath, gas grates.
wood«n mantels and tiled sinks; rent $47 30;
built 6 months; mortgage $1500.
WESTERN ADDITION RESID—NC— .
No. 2758 Filbert st, cast of Baker; Im-
provements consist of a modern residence, con-
taining 7 rooms and porcelain bath, unfinished
attic and one finished room in basement: lot
25x107 ft. irregular; rented for $40 per mo.
RESIDENCE SITES.
EE. line of Park Hill ave.. 133 ft KB of
Tilden st. 53x112 ft; property situated la
the Park Hill Homestead Association; com-
manding an unsurpassed view of, the entire
city: the most desirable location for si resi-
dence; In the vicinity of Buena Vista. Park.
POTRERO COTTAGES AND BUILO1NQ
LOTS.
NO. „
No. 1101 Rhode Island st. north of 23d: lot
25x110 ft; Improvements consist of a modern
cottage, containing 8 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing; permanently rented for $20 per t_»
NO. 2.
No. 1101 De Haro st; improvements consist
of a modern cottage containing 3 rooms, lar_e>
stable to accommodate 3 horses, fine w«U,
water tank and windmill; lot 23x100 ft; rent-
ed for $12 per month.
NO 3.
Building lot on the east line of DeHaro at.
4C8 it. north of 23d; lot 23x100 ft
NO. 4.
East line of Rhode Island st, 40S ft north
of 23d st. 23x100 ft; to be sold aa per dia-
gram.
FIRST- ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 314 First st. south of Folsom; lot 20x
72 ft; Improvements consist of * 2- story
building and large basement, used as a ma-
chin* shop; rented for $3O per mo. •
MISSION FLATS.
Nos. 54-56-58 Sharon st, north of 10th.;
lot 25x123 ft.; Improvements consist of S nevr
flats of 6 rooms and porcelain bath each; rents
$72 50 per mo.; mortgage $2000; built about
one year.
FIRST- ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 359-359*4-361 First St., NW. of Har-
rison; lot 45:6x68:9 ft; Improvements eonatst
of frame dwellings, cottage and 2 flats; rest
$46 per mow * *
MASON ST.
No. 1313 Mason st. north of Jackson; lot
62:9x137:6; Improvements consist of * 3-story
brick building, with flat and largs stable la
rear.
BUSINES8 CORNER.
Nos. 2833-85-37-39 Laguna st. and 1901-5-7
Union, being the SW. cor. of .Union and La-
guna; lot 30x100 ft; improvements consist of
2 stores and 6 fiau; total rents U67 per mo.:
concrete sidewalk, street bltumln— ed. build-
ing having been erected 3 years.
. LOMBARD- ST. INVESTMENT.
Noa. 2556 to 2574 Lombard st. west of De-
visadero st; lot 80x137:6 ft: Improvements
consist of 8 new, modern flats, containing
4-5 rooms, porcelain baths, shingled fronts;
rents $146 50; beautiful grass lawn around the
entire building.
THIRD-ST. PROPERTT.
No. 340 Third st. NW. of Harrison; lot 23x
60 ft: Improvements consist of a 3- story tram*
butlding, consisting of store and rooming-
house above, containing 14 rooms; rents $8S 60
per month; new, modern plumbing throughout
the entire building.
SAOE DEALEY _ CO..
838 Market st, opp. Palace Hotel.
G. H. UMBSEN — CO~. 20. Montgomery at
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be hetfl at our salesroom. 20
Montgomery st.. TUESDAY, October 23, 1904.
at 12 o'clock noon. <
, - GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
SW. cor. of Francisco and Leavenworth
ets.. 137:6x137:6; an elegant site, havtnz an
unobstructed marine view.
GUARDIANSHIP SALE.
Outside Lands block S83; slse. 240x600.
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
1149 Larkm st. west line. nr. Sutter st:
three-story house, containing 16 roome and
bath; rents $9U per month; bank mortgage of
$7«0O at 8 per cent can remain: 27:0x112:6.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1216 Fulton st., north line, bet Scott and
Devlsadero sts,; a U-room dwelling, bath,
etc.; rents $45 per month; 23x137:6.
CALIFOflNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
2026 California st.. north line. bet. Octa-
via and Laguna »ta. ; a desirable residence of
» rooms, bath, laundry, etc.. in perfect or-
der; 34:4*ixl32:6.
CHOICE BAKER-STREET LOTS.
Baker st., east line, bet Fell and Hayes
sts.; 2 choice lots, suitable for residences,
apartment house or flats, being on the. main
driveway tc the Park and overlooking the
entrance to Park Panhandle; 25x100 each.
" CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
West line St Guerrero St.. bet. 24th and
25th sts.; also Fair Oaks st. east line, 23x
125 each; choice location -for residence or
flats.
CHOICE BUILDLNO LOTS.
Dolores st, east line, bet 24th and 23th
sts., and Fair Oaks, west line; desirable
building lots, commanding fine view; 23x123
each.
PAGE-STREET RESTDENCE.
1326 Page «t.. north line, near Central ave.:
2-story dwelling of 9 rooms and bath; lot
25x114.
PARK BUILDING LOTS.
Oak st., south line, bet Baker and Brod-
erick sts.; 2 choice tuildtng lota, 23x137:11
each; overlooking entrance to Park Pan-
j handle.
j DE8IRABLE BUILDING LOT.
j Sacramento at., south line, bet Maple and
Spruce sts.; 27:6x132:7%.
MORRIS AVENUE INVESTMENT.
7 Morris ave., east line, off Harrison st,
bet 5th and 6th 'sta. ; 2-«tary bouse ar-
ranged into 2 flats' of 5-4 rooms each; rents
$32 50 per month: 25xS0.
COZY MISSION COTTAGE.
8716 22d st. north line. bet. Sanches and
Kne sts. ; a new modern cottage of 4 rooms
and bath, high basement concrete bulkhead,
cement walks, etc.; 25x114.
For catalogue and further particulars ap-
ply to our office.
G. H. U-B3EX A CO..
20 Montgomery st
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SAL-.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 3, 13©*. .
THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 3. 1904.
AT OUR OFFICE AND SALESROOM,
23 Post st. at 12 o'clock noon.
BY ORDER OF WILLIAM J. DINQEE. E3 —
Administrator of the Estate of
ALVINZA HAYWARD, deceased.
i 39 BOULEVARD LOTS S8
I 38 BOULEVARD LOTS 38
; 38 BOULEVARD LOTS 3S
i LOMBARD-STREET BOULE VARBC
j GREENWICH STREET.
OCTAYIA S vliEETj
LAGUNA STREET.
1 » t , ;. , . ... a
LOTS ALL LEVEL AND READY
TO BUILD ON AT «NCE.
SUITABLK FOR HOMES.
FLATS OK STORES.
STREETS AND CROSSINGS ALL
BITUM1NIZED EXCEPT GREENWICH
STREET. WHICH IS MACADAMIZED.
TERMS CASH OR 50 PER CENT OF TH_
PURCHASE PRICE WILL BE
ADVANCED BY THE HIBKRNIA
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY*
i CERTIFICATE OF TITLE AT THE
NOMINAL COST OF $10 PER LOT.
FJLLMORE ST. AND UNION ST. CARS
i CONVENIENT TO THIS PROPERTY.
i THESE ARE THE LOTS YOU HAVE BBEJ*
I LOOKING FOR.
, DON'T MISS THE SALS
THURSDAY,
NOVEMBER 3, 1904. at
12 O'CLOCK NOON
AT 25 POST ST.
FURTHER PARTICULARS OF
¦ ¦
BALDWIN * HOWE— L.
AUCTIONEERS.
23 POST ST.
1 ______
; $1COO FOR 2 lots, northeast corner Sancses
< and Palmer sts.: must be sold for mortgage;
J $250 down. ba__ee $20 per month- Cottages,
! S«24 Army st and 3750 Army at: *_».
! D COFFIN, 2328 Mission st. near Twenty*
; first
LOTS, 25x120. on 41st ave.. near K st, on $10
monthly payments; no taxes, no interest: ts«
only Installment lots in this location; cloie to
G. O. Park and ocean boulevard. C. F.
MOORE, 927 Market st. room 309.
FOR sal*— 3 colonial couses. 6 rooms, bath
and- basement: beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east side of Tenth ave.. near
I rt. Sunset Hallett & Gee. on premises.
A $2000 HOME built to salt you. to*, included,
any location, en $1 23 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
- — : .-
J Continued on Faxo 10*
HELP WAOTED---jgA^E-^ontln-.ea. |
PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
806 Market Et.. room 325, fifth floor. .
Office hours, 9 _. m. to 5:30 p. m.
Clerical Help Furnished Free to Employers.
Bookkeeper's assistant $13 to 125 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk .'. M5 week
Drug clerk % ! 12 week
Checker ...» $15 week
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant .$15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager .$18 week
Two shipping clerks.. $15 week '
General office work S15 week j
Bank clerk (bond required) $25 week i
Young man learn dentistry... $10 week
806 Market St., room 325. fifth floor. .
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; only institution teaching the ton-
Eorlal art Call or write for tree catalogue.
Special offer. Mohler Barber College. 649
Sacamento st
LEARN the barber trade at HaUht's; he
teacnes you in shops: the only practical
method: wages while learning: don't mix us
with fake barber colleges. 647 Commercial.
GOOD wages paid while learning trade to 1 or
2 men furnishing references and $25 security:
steady position. Call this morning from 8
to 12 at 212 First St.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free of charge. HORD —
SMITH. 95 Third st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving particulars. Pacific Correspcnd-
ence Institute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
TRY our men'* shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid, .-open till 9 p.m.
BOY wanted. 230 Third st.
WILL teach one young man the barber trade;
paid while learning. 751 Mission st.
BOY to attend store and run errands. ROGER-
SON'S, 530 Valencia st.
BARTENDER wanted. OASSAWAY _ WOOD.
101 Stockton st. -
500 BARBERS to buy our new brand of razors.
O. A." TROST Barber Supply Co.. 308 Mason.
FOR sale — Three-chair barber shop. 779 Fol-
fcom, near Fourth.
MEN to learn the detective profession. "W7
Market St., room 104.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen tor all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.,75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 617 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 415.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. C-eo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 85c night; reading rooms;
free 'bug and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL sls«s men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. T>f3 Mission St.. b«t. 1st and 2d sts.
H0BSE3 AITD WAOOHg.
FOR sale at Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy st. —
4 stylish driving horses, single and double;
one large stylish surrey horee; very gentle.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green* feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S.F.
14-FOOT furniture moving wagon, harness,
team; good stand, transfer corner. 3973
Twenty-fifth st.
ALL kinds of business wagons, surreys and
bUk'eries and carts cheap. 1504-6 Folsom et.
FINE rubber-tire Victoria, the latest kind,
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom st
ONE handsome chestnut slnglefooter; 16 hands;
1000 pounds; sound and gentle. 1000 Geasy gt.
WANTED— Cheap saddle horse. Box 3901.
Call office.
PARCEL delivery wagon; also business buggy
cheap. 523 Fulton st. , . • •
FOR sale, cheap — A business buggy in good
condition. Box 1599, Call office.
NEARLY, new buggy for sale cheap. Box 1778,
Call office. . .
FINE, stylish park buggy; pole and shafts; a
bargain. 426 Ninth st. .
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 1680 Mission st, nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
! every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
I WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, bar-
neso. work & drivin* hori«es. 15th-Va!encia.
HOUSES TO^~'y»
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; s«nd for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery
7-ROOM house furniture for sale: house to let.
Call at once. 1969 Geary st, opposite Hamil-
ton Park.
MARY, 20, near Fifth and Mission — 7 rooms,
double parlors; rent $25. .
HOUSE of 7 rooms for sale. 424 Minna st
FURNISHED house for sale; 10 r.; a bargain;
I must be sold; Investigate. 503 Jones st.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 peryea,r.
HOUSES rTTRWTSHED— FOB S AI.B.
FOR sale — Finely furnished house 9 rooms;
rent reasonable; pays well. 27 Laskie st, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, off Mission.
12 BUNNY rooms; nicely furn.; pays well;
leav. city for health; sacrifice. 610 O'Farrell.
12-ROOM house; rent $40. 816 McAllister
street.
HOUSES WASTTEXr.
COTTAGE 4 to 6 rooms and bath: in or near
city; must be reasonable. Box 3719, Call.
COTTAGES TO LET.
j COTTAGE, 6 sunny rooms and bath. Dolorea
st., between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
TO LET— Cottage. rooms, bath; 4 lots;
fixed fcr chicken ranch; $l(i. 123 Andover av.
ly-Airo CHAIB3,
SOLD, rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Earace tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tel. Park 773.
1.0ST a»p ropyp.
i LOST— Green leather purse with string of
1 coral beads and pin. Finder please keep
I contents, but return purse and corals to
Hoffman Cafe and receive liberal reward.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, on Scott or Sacra-
mento St., pansy diamond brooch; valued
keepsake; liberal reward. 240 Montgomery
et. room 1. -
LOST — Brown water spaniel dog, on Belmont
Marsh; bald *;iot behind each ear; answers
name King; reward offered. Inquire LOUIS
I LINSS, Diamond Saloon. Ocean View.
! LOST— A bitch puppy with grayish yellow
j woolly coat and black muzzle; answers to
the name of San Coy. Anybody returning^
same to 711 Pine st. will reive $20 reward.
LOST— In Oakland Oct. 22; chamois bag con-
talning 4 rings, one diamond stud and clus-
ter of diamonds; liberal reward. 119$ Slxty-
Crst st, Oakland.
LOST — October 16, In Tivoll, a gold watch,
chain and rbarm. Liberal reward on return
MI8S MACNEIL, 86 Glen Park ave., oft
Twelfth st, between Mission and Howard.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla . Savings
and Loan Society - of San Francisco in - the
name of GEORO GOESCHL. -No. 252-960.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— October 16, In Tivoll. a lady's gold
watch, chain and charm;- $5 reward on re-
turn MISS MACNEIL. 3B Glen Park ave.. off
Twelfth et, between Mission and Howard.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, monogram N. E. H.
Return B. L. Hodgbead, rm. 220, Crossley
building; reward,
LOST— Oct 22, a lady's black fur collar,
Hayes-st car. Return 642 Grove at; re-
ward. : ~ ¦ . . - ; . - . •
CRAVENETTE, at Presidio athletic grounds,
Saturday afternoon. - Finder leave same at
CLAU ROUGH _ GOLCHER'S. Market st.
LOST — A Billy goat, answers ; to the name
' "Pop." or Lydla Pinkham. . Return same
. to ' 14 Eddy . st and ; receive reward, v
LOST — Turquoise pin.' surrounded with dia-
monds. Finder return to 1005 Chestnut at
•and receive reward. > ;
.LOST — Thursday, Laguna and Bush to O'Far-
1 rell and Buchanan, silk waist 1818 Bush st,
reward, __H ___09H__B__89__THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, MONDAY, OCTOBER 24. 1904.
10
BOOMS TO LET-rara. and Tfnfnrn.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms 3£c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, r^ad -room ; iree bus; baggage.
WALLER, CO, near Market— Large bay-window
front room; one or two gentlemen; $3 week.
- - . . ~~~~~-
WASHINGTON, 704 — Furnished rooms to let.
WEBSTER, 1352-*-Sunny furnished front room,
"suitable for gentlemen.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to Jl 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
furnished rooms from 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms. 50c per night. '*'¦-"' *
BOOMS ABTP^A]^^^
BT. GEORGE. 1018 Washington; Just open;
handsome, newly furnished, sunny suites; pri-
vate baths; single rooms; modern conven-
iences; excellent table board: reasonable rates.
POWELL, 818. near California — Elegant sun-
ny furn. parlor suite; marine view; running
water, bath; with or without breakfast and
dinner.
POWELL, 816 — Elegant furn. sunny parlor
suite, with breakfast and dinner in refined-
private family; grand marine view.
LADY offers comfortable board and room for
$S month In return for light duties. 1433
Eighth ave.. Sunset District, city.
SOCIABLE home; moderate; refined working-
man; Fifteenth and Market; good board.
Box 3S2S. Call office.
COMMODIOUS room, suitable for two gentle-
men, with breakfast and dinner. $40 per
month. 1254 Eddy st.
BOARD and room; private family. 330 Te-
hama st. }
CHESTNUT. 266 — Large sunny room with
board.
COMORA. 621 O'Farrell— Desirable rooms;
Just vacated; sunny; large grounds; board.
ELEGANT front suite to let. with board.
722 Eddy st.
ELLIS. 453 — Nice furnished rooms with best of
French table board; reasonable.
FIRST-CLASS room and board, $30; two, $50;
refined family; central. Box 3486, Call.
GEARY, 1052— Room and board for single
gentleman In private family.
HOWARD. 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double. $5 week; American family.
MASON. C15A — Sunny front room, with or
without board, for lady; private family.
O'FARRELL, 911— Nicely furnished rooms, en
suite or slnzle..
TWO adjoining rooms suitable for 2 or 3 men,
with or without board. 460% Natoma st.
ELLIS, 1174^ — Single room with flrst-claa»
home board; young gentlemen; references.
FINE. 932— Beautifully furnished front con-
necting rooms; will give breakfast.
PINE, 1743 — Handsomely furnished room* In
a new home; excellent table board.
ROOM and board; reasonable. 900 Van Ness
avenue.
BOOM and board with private family. 755
Eddy ft.
ROOM and board. >2O. 1157 Kentucky st.
SANCHEZ. 1241— Room with board.
Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
807 California — See rms, learn prlcee,try table..
SUNNY front room, with board; references.
Box 3961. Call.
WANTED — Two young gentlemen to room and
board; reasonable. 429A Ellis st.
VAN NESS, 700— Sunny front alcove suite;
modern conveniences; home cooking.
VAN NESS ave.. 908 — Large sunny room for
two with board.
SAN LEANPBO BOOMS AND BOABD.
WANTED — Children to board, by experienced
married lady, at her own home; mother's
care; large sunny yard: good school. MRS.
J. B. W.. box 263, San Leandro, Cal.
BOOMS "WANTED.
WANTED — Furn. room in exchange for music
lessons, piano, voice culture and theory, by a
teacher and composer cf high ability; foreign;
only Interested and faithful pupils should
answer this advertisement. Box 4361, Call.
WANTED — Room In private ramily. Address
641 First ave.
; pboposaxb.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. Berkeley:
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men— Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for reconstructing
the south drive, on the grounds of the Uni-
versity of California, at Berkeley, California,
and said bids will be received at the office
of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before S p. m. of October 24, 1904. No bids
will be considered unless accompanied by a
certified check or bond of bidder, in favor of
the Regents of the University of California,
eq.ua! to ten (10) per cent of his bid with
sufficient sureties, conditioned that if said bid
be accepted, the bidder win duly enter Into
a proper contract and give bond to perform
faithfully the duty and obligations in ac-
cordance with said bid and with the plans
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a part of such contract. The right to
reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
By order of tbe Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON, Acting Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., October 22. 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., Novem-
ber 22, 1904. and then opened for construct-
ing small picket guard-house at entrance to
Fort Baker Reservation. California. Gov-
ernment reserve* the right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids In whole or in part. In-
formation furnished on application to WM.
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral, Chief Quartermaster.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. ; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, ehlped. 725-
• 731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 181.'
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped, and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and" Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate's.
BEJV^rO^MAOmN^S^A^^ STJ^LTES.
WE shall close our retail office at 300 Post
st. Nov. 1; we have a lot of new White
sewing machines that are slightly shopworn
that we shall positively sell at half price !
or less before removal; our new retail office
is located at 915 Market st. White Sewing
Machine Co.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired;
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
BQgiAa^^^ ¦:.'
TROLLEY parties, club», fraternities, look
here: a chance to .make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at ' Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beach terminal of electrio
car lines. Make arrangements at room 211,
Muirhead building. Market and Larktn sts.
SPECIAI. NOTICES.
EXECUTOR'S sale — Harness,' leather, tools
paraphernalia, fixtures and - business of har-
ness shop of Thomas Corbett, deceased. 215
Jackson st. Bids "received by W. H. PAY-
- SON, room 172. Crocker bldg. ..
STOP DBINKINg.^j
GUARANTEED cure: send - 60c; ; tablet~fonn
mailed in slain package: has cured vhou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayreard bldg.. S. F.
S'J ' U TT JgBJTjrO AXD" ST a M-i/r^BINg..
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Ness and "Market
cures; estab. In S. F. 4 yrs. Hours 1 to S p. m.
A WAY to health r mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free;. write for it
VIAVI CO., Van Ness. Phone ; East 282.
TTTEWBITEBa ANP STJPPXTJ5S. ;
AN exceptionally good No. 1 2 Remington, ; No 1
Smith :•, Premier, • $25;. other typewriters at
higher, and lower prices; . rental* $2 50. The
, Typewriter ; Exchange. ; 638 California st,'; :
2D-HAND typewriters - sold, rented; : - repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspeo. Co., 608 Market.
¦ IiEQAX NOTICES— -Contlnned.
or tbe governor, or the attorney general, or
a committee of either branch of the legislature,
or a Joint committee of both, or any cltliea
of the state.
Sea 7. It shall be the duty of the stats
treasurer to . pay the interest of said bonds,
when the same falls dtie. out of the sinking fund
provided for In this act. on controller's war-
rants duly drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 8. This act. If adopted by the people,
shall take effect on the thirty-first day of De-
cember, A. D. nineteen hundred and four, as
to all Its provisions except those relating to and
necessary for Its submission to the people,
and for returning, canvassing, and proclaim-
ing the votes, and as to said excepted pro-
visions this act shall take effect Immediately.
Sec. 9. This act shall be submitted to tbe
people of the State »of California for their
ratification at the next general election, to be
holden In the month of November. A. D.
nineteen hundred and four; and all ballots
at said election shall have printed thereon,
and at the end thereof, the words "For the
San Francisco Seawall Act." and in a sep-
arate line under the same the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." and opposite
said lines there shall be left spaces In which
the voters may make or stamp a cross to
Indicate whether they vote for or against th*
said act, and those voting for said act shall
do so by placing a cross opposite the words
"For tbe San Francisco Seawall Act." and all
those voting against the said act shall do so
by placing a cross opposite the words "Against
the San Francisco Seawall Act." The gov-
ernor of this state shall include the submis-
sion of this act to the people, as aforesaid. In
his proclamation calling for said general elec-
tion.
I Sec. 10. - The vote* cast for or against this
act shall be counted, returned and canvassed
and declared In the same manner and subject
to the same rules as- votes cast tor state
officers: and If it appear that eald act shall
have received a majority of all the votes cast
for and against it at such election, as aforesaid,
then the same shall have effect as herein-
before provided, and shall be lrrepealabl*
until the principal and interest of the liabil-
ities herein created shall be paid and dis-
charged, and the governor shall make procla-
mation thereof; but if a majority of the votes
cast as aforesaid are against this act. then
the same shall tn and become void.
Sec. 11. . Tb<* act may be known and cited
as the "San Fra clsco Seawall Act."
Sec. 12. AH act* and parts of acts in
conflict with t> provisions of this act are
hereby repea! : •.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of chare*.
BORX.
COLLINS— In this city. October 16. 1904. to
the wife of C. W. Collins, a daughter.
~ 1 DEED.
Barstow, Sarah S. Kendrtck, Robert M.
Bayle John Kingston. James E.
Blakeiy. Allck Koehler. W. G.
Blethen. Constance Koesel. George T
Boyson. Matele Koopman. Elizabeth
Butterfleld, Alonzo Lacoste, Joseph
Chamberlain. Eliza- Lyons. Dennis
beth M. McAleer. Mary A.
Clancy, Michael McDevitt. Mary E.
Collins. Thomas P. McLeod. Thomas R.
Cottrell Christina J. Moyse, Estelle
Cox. Mary A. • Mum. Anna
Curren. Sister Mary Nugent, Rev. Denl«
Farrlngton. Ann Prato. Maria
Hall, Bdmund Renwlck. Anna
Haterius. Clarence Rlckborn. Ervln
Helm. John G. Scott, Mary H.
Herrin Michael Sullivan. Michael
Hersey, Elizabeth Waldellch. Frank
Hulery. John M. Wlmbley John W.
Hutton, Corrine M. Wlnthrop. Edwara
Johns. William
BARSTOW— Entered Into rest, in Oakland.
October 22. 1904, Sarah S. Barstow, beloved
wife of Anson Barstow. aged 78 years 2
months and 11 days.
. ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday afternoon, October 25, at 2 p. m.,
at her late residence. 1356 Franklin street,
Oakland. Interment private.
BAYLE— In Reno. Nev.. October 21. 1904.
John, beloved husband of the late Catherine
Bayle, and father of Mrs. C. Artigues. Mrs.
L. Lacaze and Miss Catherine Bayle, and
father-in-law of Charles Artigues and Louis
Lacaze and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
J. Bareilles. and uncle of Mrs. C. Barellles
of West Berkeley. Mrs. L. Lombard of Ala-
meda and Neolle. Marie, Annie. Pierre and
Veronica Bareilles, and grandfather of John
L.. Franclne O., Joseph C. and Paul A.
Artigues. a native of France, aged 63 years
1 month and 23 day*.
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
BLAKELY— In thl* city October 22. 1904,
Allck Blakeiy, beloved father of Mrs. W.
D. Scott, a native of Tenaessee. aged 74
years.
inT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, -20 Fifth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BLETHEN'— In this city. October 21. 1804.
Constance Blethen. daughter of the late Cap-
tain James H. and Henrietta E. Blethen*
and sister .of, E. O. and James H. Blethen
Jr. and Mrs. James' R. Dwyer, a native of
San Francisco.
ICT'Funeral services Monday. October 24,
at 10 a. m., at the chapel of N. Gray tt Co.,
553 Sutter atreet. Interment private.
BOYSON— In this city. October 22. 1904. Ma-
tele beloved wife of John H. Boyson. and
sister-in-law of Dr. Thomas Boyson. 'a native
of Iowa. AiJKf
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully .Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday) at 10 a. m., from the family
residence. 594 Valencia street, between Twen-
tieth ana Twenty-first. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
BUTTERFIELD— In the City- and County
Hospital. October 22. 1904. Alonzo Butter-
field, -a. native of Utah, aged 42 years.
CHAMBERLAIN— In East Oakland. October
22. 1904. Elizabeth M. Chamberlain, beloved
mother of S. E.. W. C. and E. E. Chamber-
Iain and Mrs. M. E. Hall, a native of New
Jersey, aged 85 years and & months.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 24, at 2 p. m.. from the Advent
Church. Verdi street. Alameda. Cal. Inter-
ment Evergreen Cemetery.
CLANCY— In this city. October 23. 1904,
Michael Clancy, beloved son of Martin and
the late Maria Clancy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 36 years 6 months and IS
days. ,¦" ;'-•.
COLLINS— in this city. October 23. 1904. at
the parents' residence, 32 Bluxome street.
Thomas P., beloved son of Thomas and
Margaret Collins, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 months ana 14 days.
COTTRELL— In Berkeley, October 22. 1904,
Christina Jan* Cottrell. beloved wife of
Christopher Curtis Cottrell, aged 63 years
6 months and 10 days.
£7 The funeral will take place from 1333
Henry street, Berkeley. Tuesday. October
25, at 2 p. m. #
COX— In this city. October 22. 1004. Mary A..
loving wife of W. C. Cox, and sister of
Mrs. Harry A. Gerdes and the late George
E. Walsh, a native of San Francisco.
JCTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
October 24. 1904. at 8:30 a. m.. from the
residence of her sister, Mrs. Harry A.
Gerdes, 1103 Oak street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner of Fell and Flllmore
streets, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her *oul.
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by carriage.
CURREN— In this city. October 21. 1904.
Sister Mary Libia Curren of the Sisters of
Charity ot the Blessed Virgin.
ICT'Frinnd'J and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
October 24, from S\. Briarld's Church, where
a solemn mass of requiem will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Inter-
mnu Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARRINGTON— In this city. October 22, 1904.
Ann Farrlngtcn. beloved ' mother of Mrs. M.
Sullivan and John Farrtngton. and grand-
mother of Annie and Edward Sullivan, a na-
tive of County Wexford. Ireland, aged 63
years. (San Jose papers please copy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the residence
of her daughter. 58 Converse st.. thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HALL— In this city. October 23. 1904.
Edmund, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet Hall, and beloved father of O. W.
. Hall. Mrs. A. Carroll. Mrs. A. Lewis, Mrs.
G. Warner. Mrs. R. E. Kerrison and Edna.
Annie, Edith and Genevieve Hall, a native
of New Y£rk. aged 68 years 10 months and
12 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late rest-
, dence. 643 Folsom street, thence by 9:30
. a. m. train to Martinez. Interment Mar-
tinez Cemetery.
HATERIUS— In Vlnland. Fresno County, Sat-
urday. October 22. 1904. at 11:30 a. m..
Clarence Etnanuel Haterius. beloved son of
Rev. Dr. and Mrs. C. J. E. Haterius. and be-
loved brother of Ruth E.. Eunice A.. Carl
R :E. Chauncey M. and Haunce O. W.
Haterius, of 204 Dolores street, San Fran-
1 clsco. a native of Saronville. Nebr.. aged 20
years 6 months and 21 days. (Chicago papers
please copy. '^pBj08P4M*9MHRh*JB<Bl[
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect -
. fully Invited to attend the ' funeral . services
Wednesday, October 26,- at ; 2 p. m., at the
Swedish Lutheran Ebenezer Church. Flf-
• teenth and Dolores street*. San Francisco.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electrio
ear from Eighteenth ' and . Guerrero streets. ¦
HEIM— In . thi* ! city. October . 22 1904 John
G.. beloved husband of the late Babett*
V Helm, and ¦ father of Mb. Katherine Hot -
'atetter and Mr*. Bertha Stelner. and. brother
SEAL ESTATE — CTTT—^rO» BALI.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
Jl 20 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots in the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: en street
Itrade; close to fine school: not far from the
ili*slon-*t. electric cars: secure one aa aa
invei-troent and by the time It is paid for It
will have doubled in value the way prices
fcave advanced during the v»« year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive In this
rapidly eronlnir section.
\Y. J. WHITE.
2C Montgomery ft., r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
GREAT BARGAIN.
S22OO — Two Sious^*: front hou?e 6 rooms; rear
house 4 rr.oins: IS1I York st.
$1250— ASH Bl'RY st. lot; grand view; bar-
gain. 1972 Folscm st.
ALL work ruaracteed first class by AHL-
BACH ft: MATTCR. plumbers. 836 Howard St.
SAN MATE O SEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line cf San Mateo electrts
cars'. 45 rninut»s frcm Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt and just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay ghore '•cutofT" will join
the main line; 00-foot lots from $100 up;
terms ority $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
anil water ptpes in front of every lot; pure
artesian well water; 175 lots sold since
Au;-ut>t 1; an exceptional opportunity to se-
cure a let in thi* desirable section; take the
f>rtrlp cars and get cfT at "LOMITA
PARK" end Investigate; reaps sent on ap-
pUcaiios.
srLBT. RODGERS & CO..
Tel. Main C73. 116 California »t.
POXXT RICHMOND 2KAL ESTATE.
LOT in TUcI-.n-.ind $21^; this In a bargain. Ad- j
Arrss box H.'S. Call office. Oakland. j
' ' I
P2OPEETT "WASTED. j
"WANTED — i:o&<;:iou»>« with croundu or small i
ho:rl In ccur.try; state full particulars. Bex i
43W. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVEBT'S'MTS
/.L&XS2A ZEAL 2STATB.
FOR ezie — New 6-room cottage; lot COxlOS;
r.cw ho-A*. 8 rooms; lot t*xl50; cottage of j
S rootr.r; lot TtOxlOO; price $1SOO.
1243 Park st-.^Alarr.eda.
BERKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL E3TATB.
A CHOICE building lot 77x227. near the Berry-
BanE* Tract; $1500.
A lovely 6-room house; near Key Rout*
station ; new and complete; $3500.
A rretty bungalow In the hills. $3S00.
A tine hnufe cf 9 rooms, fine grounds and
stable; one block from Key Route; $7000.
A 6ood investment; new house In fine part
of town; rented for 563 per month; f6MW.
HOPKINS TERRACE.
The cheapest choice property In Alameda
County; very fine view; street work all done;
easy terms.
Fairview Park; srirded by electric car line;
all lots SO- foot frontage; all street work
done; very choice property; very reasonable
prices, and can be bought on very reasonable
terms.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
SE. corner Center Et. and Shattuck ave.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware st-. Berkeley: 8
rooms and bath: lot 40x135; new and modern;
*unny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
REALTI BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
$150 DOWN.
To clore out my holdings in Golden Gate and
near Ashby station, on the Key route. I will
sell lots and build small homes on your own
plans for only $150 down.
M. L. WURTS &. CO.. 1323 Broadway, op-
posite Pojtcfflee. „
FCR sale — Two 7-room houses; new and de-
eirabte; cne a corner: choice location; near
station and cars: must sell at once. For par-
ticuUrg. call 1025 Vine st.
BEEgELET HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent — In desirable residence section of
Berkeley, hr>\ite of 9 rooms, porcelain bath,
ftoreroom; stable and chicken-house; 3 blocks
from Berryman station. S bloojk' from Berke-
ley and 6 from entrance to university; 2023
Virginia, et.. between Shattuck and Milvla:
newly painted and papered throughout ; rent
$35; will not be rented to tenants who let
housekeeping room*. Apply 26 Montgomery
•t.. room S, San Francisco, or LITTLE &
WOOLSEY. 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
BERKELEY BOOKS AND BOARD.
FURNISHED room, with board. 1630 Woolsey
st.. Lorin Station. South Berkeley.
FfiUITVALE ADVERTCTS
rBUTTVAI.E HEAT. ESTATE.
LOT — 50-foot frontage on Fruitvale a»e.; want
offer. Address owner. P. O. box 4<J2, Fruit-
vale, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'MT3
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAPAW mEAX ESTATE.
FOR sale— $4000; a new Colonial house of 8
rooms; modern and convenient; lawn and
fiowerc; air and sunshine : swell vicinity of
Oakland, near Key route; $1000 cash and can
arrange loan of $3000: anxious to sell at once.
Owner, box 4389, Call office.
BARGAIN— Beautiful « r. home in Piedmont;
fine neighborhood ; good location; near car
line; will iw-11 cheap: mu«t be neen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS, 675 36th st.
$2750 — A FINE home of 7 rooms: large lot:
all street work done; near Key Route; easy
terms. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St..
Oakland.
FOR sale — Two new up-to-date bungalow 8-
room houses; large lot with barn; very
cheap. Inquire on premises, 688 Thirtieth '
et.. or 10&5 Broad war, Oakland.
MODERN 6-room house' at 416 East Twenty-
third Et. : big barn, fruit trees; fine location;
lot 50x150; only $2500; small payment down.
I27SO— HOUSE and stable. 1626 Eleventh ave.,
Kb Ft Oakland: $lC00 — Cottage adjoining. DR.
F. G. BAIRD. 502 Sutter St.. S. F.
OAKLA3SD BOOHS AND BOABD.
GENTI«EMAN roomer or boarder; private fam-
ily; convenient to local trains. 1352 Harrison
St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
WANTED — A reliable tenant for 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; adults. .859 A Harrison
!•!.. Oakland.
WAJfTED — Roomers at the Willlamette House,
371 Tenth St.. Oakland.
QATCT.ATTD STOKES TO IET.
TO Jet— $25; store, corner /Twenty-sixth et. and
San Pablo a\e.: fixtures. Uvlfig-room. large
vrorkuhop and stable. Inquire opooelte. 1027
San Pablo ave.
OAgLAirp PPBJJ^UBEgQBJ3AIj;.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnH
ture. H. Echelhass. 11th ct-.cor.store.Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
BOOSES 7OB HOUSEKEEPING. .
A FLOOR of 3 rocms, alcove and bath, fur-
nlshrd for housekeeping; piano and sewing
machine; eastern exposure; 5 minutes' walk
to K*arny st. For terms. Inquire mornings.
1200 Taylor St. or phone Main 3055.
ALDINE. 404 Turk— Sunny bay-window nulte;
• c*s ctore. running water; (20 per month;
also ether rooms.
BRYANT. 444— -Two sunny rooms for house-
keeping; one single for lady.
BUSH. 7&S (rear) — 2 targe sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping, $1S; llgst house-
keeping, $14.
EDDY S04 — S canny housekeeping room* with
. bath. \__
ELEVENTH ave. South. 1635—3 large, sunny,
furnished rooms; complete; rent $10 month.
ELLIS. 325 — Suites of rooms for housekeeping.
ITLLJS. 8C2 — To let, nice large sunny suite of
rooms; also, housekeeping rooms,
ELLISDELL. 517 Post— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; also single room: reasonable.'
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439 — Room tfor light
housekeeping.
UNITED STATES OOVEBNME1TT — Con.
Township thirty-nine ((39) North, Range two
(2) West; in Township forty (40) North,
Range eight (8) West, Sections two (2). three
(3). ten (10) and fifteen (15); in Township
forty-one (41) North. Range eight (8) West,
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3), ten (10).
eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), fifteen (15), twenty-two (22). twen-
ty-thre« (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-five
(25), twenty-six \ (26), twenty-seven (27),
thirty- four (34) and thirty-five (35); In
Township forty-one (41) North, Range seven
(7) West. Sections two (2). three (3), four
(4). five (5), six (6), seven (7). eight (8).
nine (9), ten (10). sixteen (16), eeventeen (17),
eighteen (18), nineteen (19) and twenty (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian, California.
" W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
•Approved: THOS. RYAN, Acting Secretary
¦ of the Interior.' ¦
I IiEQAIi NOTICES.
CHAPTER CCXL
AN ACT TO PROVIDE FOR THE ISSUANCE
AND SALE OF STATE BONDS TO CRE-
ATE A FUND FOR THE CONSTRUCTION
BY THE BOARD OF STATE HARBOK
COMMISSIONERS OF A SEAWALL AND
APPURTENANCES IN THE CITY AND
COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO: TO CRE-
ATE A SINKING FUND FOR THE PAY-
MENT OF SAID BONDS: AND PROVIDING
FOR THE SUBMISSION OF THIS ACT
TO A VOTE OF THE PEOPLE.
[Approved March 20. 1903.J
The people of the State ot California, repre-
sented In senate and assembly, do »
; -, ,/.. enact a* follows:
Section 1. For the purpose of providing a
fund for the payment ot the Indebtedness here-
by authorized to be Incurred by the board of
state harbor commissioners for the erection of
a eeawall and appurtenances In the city and
county of San Francisco, at a cost not to exceed
two million dollars (which said seawall and
appurtenances the board of state harbor com-
missioners are hereby empowered to construct
In the manner authorized by law, and at a
cost not to exceed eaid two million dollars), the
state treasurer shall, immediately after the
Issuance of the proclamation of the governor,
provided for In section ten hereof, prepare two
thousand suitable bonds of the State of Cali-
fornia, in the denomination of one thousand
dollars each. The whole lesue.of said bonds
shall not exceed the sum of two million dollars,
and said. bonds shall bear interest at the rate
of four i>er centum per annum, from the
time of the sale thereof, and both principal
and interest shall be payable in gold coin
of the present standard of value, and they
shall be payable at the office of the state
treasurer, at the expiration of nineteen years
from their date, subject, however, to re-
demption by lot as in this act hereinafter
provided. Said bonds shall bear date, the
second day of January, A. D. nineteen hundred
and five, and shall be made payable on the
second day of January, nineteen hundred and
twenty-four A. D. The Interest accruing on
such of said bonds as are sold shall be due
and payable at ' the office of the said state
treasurer, on the second day of January, and
on the second day of July, of each year after
the sale of the same; provided, that the first
payment of Interest shall be made on the
second day of January, A. D. nineteen hun-
dred and six. on so many of said bonds as
may have been theretofore sold. At the ex-
piration of nineteen years .Tom the date of
said bonds, all bond* sold shall cease to bear
Interest, and, likewise, all bonds redeemed by
lot shall cease to bear interest as in this
act provided, and the said state treasurer shall
call In, forthwith pay, and cancel the same,
out of the moneys In the San Francisco seawall
sinking fund provided for in this act, and
he shall on the first Monday of January, nine-
teen hundred and twenty-four, also cancel and
destroy all bonds not theretofore sold. Alt
bonds Issued shall be signed by the governor,
and countersigned by the controller, and shall
be endorsed by the state treasurer, and each
•hall have the seal of the state stamped
thereon. Each bond shall contain a clause
that it is subject to redemption by lot after
the year 1914. ,
i Sec. 2. Interest coupons shall -be attached
to each of said bonds, so that such coupons
may be removed without Injury to or mutila-
tion of the bond. Said coupons shall be con-
secutively numbered, and shall be signed by
the state treasurer. But no Interest on any
of eald bonds shall be paid for any time- which
may Intervene between the date of any it
said bonds and the issue and sale thereof to
a purchaser.
Sec 3. ' The sum of one thousand dollars Is
hereby appropriated to pay the expense that
may be Incurred by the state treasurer In
having said bonds prepared. Said amount jhall
be paid out of the San Francisco harbor im-
provement fund on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose.
Sec. 4. When the bonds authorized to be
Issued under this act shall be duly executed,
they shall be by the state treasurer sold at
public auction to the {highest bidder for cash.
In *uth parcels and numbers as said treasurer
shall be directed by the governor of the state,
under the seal thereof, after a resolution re-
questing such sale shall have been adopted by
tbe board of state harbor commissioners; but
said treasurer must reject any and all bids
for said bonds, or for any of them, which
shall be below the par value of said bond*
so offered; and he may, by public announce-
ment at the place and time fixed for the
sale continue ' such sale, as to the whole of
the bonds offered, or any part thereof offered,
to such time and place as he may select.
Due notice of tbe time and place of sale
of all bonds must be given by said treas-
urer by publication In two newspapers pub-
lished in tbe city and county of San Fran-
cisco, and also by publication in one news-
paper published in the city of Oakland, and
by publication in one newspaper published in
the city of Los Angeles, and by publication
In one newspaper published In the city of
Sacramento, once a week during four week*
prior to- such sale. The costs of such pub-
lication shall be paid out of the San Fran-
cisco harbor Improvement fund, on controller's
warrants duly drawn for that purpose. The
proceed* of the sale of such bonds shall be
forthwith paid over by said treasurer Into the
treasury, and mu«t be by him kept in a sep-
arate fund, to be known and designated as
the "San Francisco Seawall Fund" and must
be used exclusively for the construction of
seawalls and appurtenances thereto on the
water front of the city and county of San
Francisco. Drafts and warrants upon said
fund shall be drawn upon and shall be paid
out of said fund in the same manner aa
drafts and warrants are drawn upon and paid
out of the San Francisco harbor improvement
U Sec. 5. For the payment of the principal
and Interest of said bonds a sinking fund, to be
known and deslimated as the "San Francisco
Seawall Sinking Fund" shall be and the same
is hereby created, as follows: The state treas-
urer shall, on the first day of each and every
month after the sale of said bonds, take from
the San ¦ Francisco harbor improvement fund
such sum as. multiplied by the time the bondi
then sold and outttandlng have to run. will
equal the . principal of the bonds sold and out-
standing at the time said treasurer shall so take
eald sum from said San Francisco harbor Im-
provement fund, less the amount theretofore
taken therefrom for said purpose; and he shall
place the sum in the San Francisco seawall
elnklng fund created by this act. Said state
treasurer shall, on controller's warrants duly
drawn for that purpose, employ the moneys In
said sinking fund In the purchase of bonds ot
tbe United States, or of the State of California,
'or of the several counties or municipalities of
the State of California, which said bonds shall
be kept in a • proper receptacle, appropri-
ately labeled; but he must keep always on
hand a sufficient amount of money in said
sinking fund with which to pay the inter-
est ' on such of the state bonds herein pro-
vided to be Issued as may have theretofore
been *old. And to provide means for th*
payment of interest on the bonds that may
be sold and outstanding, said treasurer shall
monthly take from the San . Francisco harbor
Improvement fund, and pay Into said seawall
sinking fund, an amount equal to the monthly
Interest then due - on all bonds then sold, de-
livered - and outstanding. The board of state
harbor commissioners are hereby authorized and
directed by the collection of dockage, tolls,
rents, wharfage and cranage, to collect a sum
of money sufficient for the purposes of this
act, : over and above the amount limited by
section two thousand five hundred and. twenty-
elx of the Political Code of the State of
California. . Between the first and the tenth
day of November, in the year nineteen hun-
dred and fourteen, and between the first and
the tenth day of November of each year there-
after : until the maturity of said bonds, the
said treasurer . shall. In the presence of the
governor, proceed to draw by lot such an
amount of bonds as shall be requisite to
exhaust, as nearly as may be the amount in
said . sinking fund at that time, and shall
thereupon and before the tenth day of De-
cember following ' give notice by public ad-
vertisement to be Inserted twice a week - for
two weeks in two newspapers published in
the city and county of San Francisco, and also
in one newspaper published in the -city of Oak-
land. ' and also in one - newspaper published In
the city of Los Angeles, and also in one
I newspaper published in the city of Sacra-
mento, stating the number of bonds so drawn
and that the principal of said bonds will be
paid on presentation to the treasurer ' on or
before the second day of January, following,
and' • that ; from and after such last named
date all interest upon bonds thus drawn shall
cease, and it shall be the duty of the treas-
urer as soon as said bonds so drawn by lot
are ¦ surrendered to . him and - paid to cancel
the same and . the Interest coupons thereon,
and each year beginning with the year 1914
the said treasurer shall, in the manner afore-
said proceed ; to draw by lot such an amount
of bonds ac shall be requisite to exhaust as
nearly a*nr.ay be the amount in said sinking
I funu, ¦ and • proceed in . the manner herelnabove
| stated. After the payment of all of said bonds
the surplus or balance remaining In said sink-
ing fund, it any there be. shall forthwith be
paid into the San Francisco harbor Improve-
ment fund. .At the time of the respective draw-
ings by lot as aforesaid, and also at the ma-
turity of said state bonds, said treasurer shall
•ell the United States or other bonds then In
said ¦ sinking fund. • at governing market rate*,
after advertising the sale thereof in the man-
ner hereinbefore provided for the sale of bonds
hereby I authorized to be issued, and | shall use
the proceeds for the payment of such bonds as
may be 'drawn, by; lot, and at the maturity ot
said bonds outstanding I shall pay and ' redeem
said i matured ' outstanding bonds out of said
moneys in said fund in extinguishment of said
bonds on controller"* warrant* duly drawn
for that purpose.
; Sec. 6.. The state .controller and th* state
I treasurer shall keep full and particular account
I and record of all their j proceedings under thi*
act, ' and • they shall \ transmit * to : the governor
! an abstract of all such proceeding* thereunder.
I with f an ; annual report, to be by the governor
I laid before I the I legislature I biennially; and all
I book* ¦ and ' papers < pertaining ¦ to the - matter
- provided < for in this act shall at • all - times be
open to th* inspection of any party interested.
TTNITEP STATES •OOTEBWlOaT;^ 1
NOTICE of Restoration' of Public Lands to
Settlement and Entry — Department of the
Interior, General Land Office, Washing-
ton, D. C. October 7. 1904: Notice Is here-
by given that, on September 20, 1904, the
: Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the oublic lands In tbe following
described areas, which were temporarily
withdrawn for forest reserve purposes ; and
that the said public lands so restored to set-
tlement on September 20, 1904. will become
subject to entry, filing and selection at the
respective United States Land Offices for
the several Land Districts in which the
lands He. viz. : Visalia. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Marysvllle, Susanville and Redding,
California, on January 31 1006: Township
twenty-eight (2S) South, Range twenty-eight
(28) East; Township twenty-eight (28)
South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
shlp| twenty-seven (27) South, Range twen-
ty-eight (28) East; Township twenty-seven
(27) South, Range twenty- nine (29) East;
Township twenty-six • (26) South, Range
twenty-nine (28) East; Township twen-
ty-six (26) South. Range thirty (30)
East; Township twenty- five (25) South.
Itange twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
ship twenty-five (25) South, ' Range thirty
(30) East; Township twenty-four (24) South,
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Township
twenty-four (24) South, Range thirty (30)
East; Township twenty-three (23) South,
Range twenty-nine (29) East; Township
twenty- two (22) South, Range twenty-
nine (29) East; Township twenty-one (21)
South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
ship twenty (20) South, Range twenty-eight
(25) East; Township twenty (20) South, Range
twenty-nine (29) East; Township nineteen
(19) South, Range twenty-eight (28) East;
Township nineteen (19) South, Range twen-
ty-nine (2U) East; Township eighteen (18)
' South. Range twenty-eight GJS) East; Town-
ship eighteen (18) South, Range . twen-
ty-nine (29) East; Township seventeen
(17) South, Range twenty-«even (27) j
East; Township seventeen (IT) South. Range
twenty-eight (28) East; Township eeven-
teen (17) South, Range twenty-nine (29) |
Kast; Township slxte«n (It!) South, Rango j
twenty-elx (20) East; Township sixteen (16)
South. Range twenty-seven (27) East; In ;
Township sixteen (16) South, Range twenty-
eight (2b) East, Sections four (4), five (6), ;
six (6), seven (7). eight (8). nine (9), and j
Sections fifteen (15) to thlrty-slx (36). both j
inclusive; Township fifteen (15) South, I
Range twenty-sfk (26) East; Township fit- I
teen (15) South, Range twenty-seven (27)!
East; In Township fifteen (15) South, Range
twenty-eight (28) East, Sections three (3)
to nine (9), both Inclusive, sixteen (16) to
twenty-one (21), both inclusive, and twenty-
eight (2S) to thirty-three (33). both Inclu-
sive; Township fourteen (14) South. Range
twenty-five (25) East; Township fourteen
(14) South, Range twenty-six (26) East;
Townehlp fourteen I (14) South, Range
twenty-seven (27) East; Township thir-
teen (13) South, Range twenty - four
(24) East; Township thirteen (13) South.
Range twenty-five (25) East; in Township
thirteen (13) South, Range twenty-«ix (2tJ)
East, west half of Section four (4), Section*
five (5), six (6), seven (7), eight (6). NW %
of Section nine (9), Sections seventeen (17),
eighteen (IS), nineteen (19). twenty (20), and
Sections twenty-five (26) to thlrty-slx (3«),
both Inclusive; Township twelve C12) South,
Range twenty-four (24) East; In Township
twelve (12) South, Range twenty- five (25)
East, Sections four (4). five (5), six (6), seven
(7), eight (8), nine (9), Sections sixteen (16) t
to twenty-one (21), both Inclusive, all of j
Sections twenty-two (22), twenty-three (23), j
twenty-four (24), lying south of Kings River. I
and Sections twenty-five (25) to thlrty-slx
(30). both inclusive; Township eleven (11)
South, Range twenty-three (23) East; Town-
ship eleven (11) South, Range twenty-four
(24) East; In Township eleven (11) South.
Range twenty-five (25) Eaet, Sections five
! (5). six (o), seven (7), eight (8), nine ' (9),
Sections sixteen (16) to twenty-one (21),
both Inclusive, and Sections twenty-eight
(28) to thirty-three (33), both inclusive;
Township ten (10) South, Range twenty-two
(22) East; Township ten (10) South, Range
twenty-three (23) East; Township ten ' (10)
South, Range twenty-four (24) East; Town- j
ship nine (9) South, Range twenty-two (22) j
East; In Township nine (9) South. Range |
twenty-three (23) East, that part of Section
eighteen (18) lying south of the San Joaquln
River, Section nineteen (19), that part of |
Section twenty (20) lying weet of the San i
Joaquln River, that part of Section twenty- j
nine (29) lying weet of the San Joaquln j
River, Sections thirty (30) and thirty-one j
(31), that part of Section thirty- two (32) j
lying south of the San Joaquin River, that i
part of Section thirty-three (33) lying south
of the San Joaquin River. Section thirty-four
(34) and S % and NW hi. of Section thirty-
five; Township eight (8) South, Range twen-
ty (20) East; Township eight (8) South,
Range twenty-one (21) East; In Township
eight (S) South, Range twenty-two (22) East.
Sections seven (7) to thlrty-slx (3U), both
inclusive, Township eeven (7) South, Range
twenty (20) East; in Township seven (7)
South, .Range twenty-one (21) East. Sec-
tions six (6) to eleven (11), both inclusive.
Sections fourteen (14) to . twenty-three (23),
both inclusive, and . Sections j twenty-six (26)
to thirty-six (36), both Inclusive: Township
six (6) South, Range nineteen (19) East; Town.
. ship six (6) South, Range twenty (20) East;
Township five (5) South, Range nineteen (19)
Eaet; Township five (5) South, Range twen-
ty (20) East; in Township ten (10) North,
Range eighteen (18) East, Sections one (1),
. two (2), eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13), fourteen (14), twenty-three (23), twen-
ty-four (24), twenty-five (25), twenty-six
(26) and twenty-seven (27); Township nine-
teen (19) North, Range seven (7) East: Town-
ship twenty (20) North, Range seven (7) East;
In Township twenty (20) North, Range eight
(8) East, Sections one (1) to thirty-three
(33), both inclusive; Township twenty- four
(24) North, Range two (2) Eaet; Township
twenty-four (24) North, Range three (3)
East; Township twenty- four (24) North,
Range four (4) East; in Township twenty
(20) North, Range fifteen (15) East, Sections
two (2), four (4). five (5). six (6) and eight
(8); In Township twenty (20) North, Range
sixteen (16) East, Sections two (2), three (3),
eleven (11), thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
S >/4 of Township twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (16) East; Township twenty-
one (21) North, Range sixteen (16) East; in
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range
fourteen (14) East, Section* three (3) to ten
(10), both Inclusive, fifteen (15) to twenty-
two (22). both Inclusive,, and twenty-seven
(27) to thirty- four (34), both Inclusive; In
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range six-
teen (16) East, Sections one (1) to three (3),
both inclusive, nine (9) to sixteen (16), both
Inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
(28), both inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-six (36), both Inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North. Range seventeen (17)
"East; Township twenty-two (22) North,
Range eighteen . (18) East; in Township
twenty-three (23) North, Range fourteen
(14) East, Sections thirteen (13), twenty-four
(24), twenty-five (25). twenty-six (26), twen-
ty-seven (27), twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(32). thirty-three (33). thirty-four (34).
thirty-five (35) and thirty-six (36); In TOwn-
. ship twenty-three. (23) North, Range fifteen
(16) East, Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(18). both Inclusive; In Townehlp twenty-
three (23) North. Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) and fourteen (14); In Townehlp twenty-
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East,
Sections one (1) to five (5), both inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to thlrty-slx (36),
both Inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
> North, Range eighteen (18) East; in Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North, Range nine (9)
East, Sections ten (10). eleven (11). twelvo
(12). thirteen (13), fourteen (14), fifteen |15),
sixteen (16), twenty-one (21), twenty-two
(22), twenty-three (23) and twenty-four (24);
ii> Township twenty-four (24) North. Range
seventeen (17) East, Sections one (1) to four
(4), both Inclusive. E % of Section five, (5),'
E % of Section eight (8), Sections nine. (0)
to sixteen (10), both Inclusive, Sections twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both Inclu-
sive, and Sections * thirty-three (33) to
thlrty-slx (36), both Inclusive; Town-
ship twenty- four (24) North. Range
eighteen (18) East; In Township twenty-
five (25) ' North. Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections one (I), two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11), twelve (12). thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), tweuty-three (23), twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25) ;' Townehlp twenty-five
(25) North, Range seventeen (17) East;
Township twenty-five , (25) North. Range
eighteen (18) East; in. Township twenty-six
(2ti) North, Range ten (10) East, Sections
one (1), five (5). six (6). seven (7). eight (8).
nine (9), twelve (12), N % of Section thir-
teen (13), Sections fourteen (14). sixteen
(16), seventeen (17). eighteen " (18). Sections
nineteen (19) to twenty-three (23), both In-
clusive, Sections twenty- six (26) to, thirty
(30), both Inclusive, and Section thirty-five i
(35); In Township twenty-six (26) North,
Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1),
two (2). three (3) N % of Section five (6).
N % of Section six (6), and Sections eleven
(11) , and twelve (12) ; In Township twenty-
seven (27) North, Range twelve (12). East,
Sections twenty-three (23) , and twenty-four
(24) ; in : Township twenty-seven ' (27) North,
Range fourteen (14) East, Sections eight (8),
nine (9). .fifteen (15). sixteen (16). twenty-
two (22). twenty-three (23), twenty-four
(24), twenty-five (25), twenty-six (26), thirty-
five (35) and thirty-six (36); Township twen-
; ty-elght (28) i North. " Range nine . (9) East;
in Township twenty-eight (28) North, Range
thirteen (13) East, Sections twenty-four (24)
and ! twenty-five (25); In Townjship thirty-
four (34) North, Range ¦ ten (10)*We«t. • Sec-
tions seven (7), eight • (8), nine (9), sixteen
(16), seventeen (17), eighteen (18), nine-
teen (19), twenty (20), twenty-one (21),
twenty-eight (28), twenty-nine (29), thirty
(30). thirty-one (31), thirty-two ; (32) and
thirty-three (33);. In Township . thirty-four
(34) North. Range seven (7) West, Sections
twenty-five (25), thirty-five (35) ' and thlrty-
slx (36) ; Township - thirty-four : (34) North,
Range six ; (6) West; Township thirty-four
(34) North, Range five (5) West; N U of
Township thirty- four (34) North. Range four
(4) ' West; Township • thirty-five . (35) North.
- Range five : (5) - West; Township thirty-five
(85) North, Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-five (35) North. Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-five (35) North, Range two
, (2) .West ; W . % of Township thirty-five (35)
North, Range one. (1) ..West; S Vx of Township
. thirty- six s (36) % North, Range 1 four (4) West •
. .Township thlrty-slx (36) North, Range three (3)
West; Township thlrty-slx (36) North, Rang*
, four ; (4) :: East ; „ Township thirty-seven (37)
. Korth,- Range four (4) Ea«t; Township thirty.
nine (39) North, ' Range three (3) West;
of Mrs. John Haussler. Mrs. John Bauer
and John and Jacob Helm, a native of
Wurtemberg. Germany, aged 67 years 8
months and 26 days. A member of Exempt
Firemen and California Stamm No. »0, U.
O. R. M.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(.Tuesday). October 25, from Red Men s
Hall. 510 Bush street. where funeral
services will be held under tbe auspices of
California Stamra No. 70. U. O. R M.
Remains at the parlors of Theodor Dtexks.
957 Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HERRIN— In this city. October 22. 1904.
Michael' Herrtn. beloved brother of William
Herrin a native of Bangor. Maine., aged
52 years 5 months and 7 days. A member
of Plledrivers' and Bridge-builders' Union
No. 1. . r. •*'¦•>
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fuTTy Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 10 a. m.. from the Undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 957 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HERSET-In this city. October 23. 1904.
Elizabeth Peabody Hersey. beloved mother
of Mrs. A. H. StanbrltJge. and grandmother
of Mrs. W. de L. Klngsbury and Charles.
Horatio and Clinton Stanbrldge. a native of
New Boston. N. H.. aged 95 years. (New
Hampshire papers please copy.)
HULERY— In Oakland. Cal.. October 22. 1904.
at 654 Hobart atreet. John M. Hulery. be-
loved father of Mrs. Eva J. Bray, a native
of -Pennsylvania, aged 73 years 11 month*
and 25 days.
HUTTON— In this city. October 21 1904,
Corrtne Madeline, beloved daughter of Cap-
tain J. A. and Mrs. C. E. Hutton of Berke-
ley, a native of Nevada, aged 25 years and
CTThe funeral services will be held
Monday October 24. at 2 p. m.. at her lat*
residence. 2028 Francisco street. Interment
private. St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
JOHNS— In Alameda, October 23. 1904.
William Johns beloved husband of Margaret
B. Johns, and" father of William BV. S. J..
A. T. and C. R. Johns, a native of Englano.
aged 8O years and 6 months.
KINGSTON— In Los Gatoe. October 21. 1904.
James E.. beloved brother of Paul F. and
John H. Kingston, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 32 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday) at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlor*
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 2O Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph •
Church, where a requiem mas* will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme.
tery by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
KENDRICK— In this city. October 22. 1904.
Robert Marcus beloved son of Michael and
Julia Kendrtck. a native of San Francisco,
aged 15 days.
KOEHLER— In this city. October 21. 1904. W.
O. Koehler. a native of Germany, aged 64
years. A member of the San Francisco Turn
Verein.
C Friends • and acquaintances and mem-
bers of San Francisco Turn Verein are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Monday), at 2 p. ra.. from the Saa
Francisco Turner Hall. 353 Turk atraet.
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the San Francisco Turn VeVela. Re-
mains at the parlors of Oantner Bros.. 1209
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth.
Cremation I. 6. O. F. Cemetery.
KOESEL— In this city. October 22. 1904,
George T.. beloved son of George E. and
Mary H. Koeoel. and devoted Brother of
L. C. and W. B. Koesel. and grandson ot
Mrs. C. H. Jensen, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years 4 months and 20 day*.
A member of Brotherhood of Teamsters.
t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to'morrow
(Tuesday). October 25. at 10:30 a. m.. from
the residence of his brother. 610 Hampshire
street, corner Eighteenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
KOOPMAN— Requiem (high) mas* for the re-
pose of the soul of the lats Elizabeth Koop-
man will be celebrated Tuesday at 8:30
a. m.. at St. Mary's Cathedral.
LACOSTE— In this city. October 22. 1004.
Joseph Lacoete beloved father of Etta and
Tessie Lacoste and Mrs. Me. McCord. a na-
tive of France, aged 63 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday). October 24. at 2:30 p. m., from
the parlors of J. S. Godeau. 810 Van Ness
avenue, between Eddy and Ellis, thence to
Odd Fellows Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city. October 23. 1904. DennU
Lyons, a native of Ireland.
C7 Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Co.. 1239 Market street, near Nintn. Notim
of funeral hereafter.
McALEER— In Dlxon. Cal.. Mary A., wife of
the late Hugh McAleer, and dearly beloved
mother of Mary A.. Matilda. Margaret.
Sarah. Lillian and Andrew McAle'er. a native
of County Tyrone. Ireland, aged 55 years
2 months and 10 days. sa*_H
C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McDEVITT— In this city. October 23 1904.
Mary Ellen, beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam McDevitt. and mother of John W.
McDevltt and Mrs. Thomas Keating, a na-
tive of Philadelphia.
E7Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Tuesday, October 25. ac
9:30 a. m.. from her late residence. 1229
Howard street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, corner Tenth and Howard streets,
where mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing* at 10 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McLEOD— In this city. October 22. 1904.
Thomas R.. beloved husband of Isabell J.
McLeod. and father of Fred O. and George
R. McLeod, a native of Nova Scotia, aged
61 years 1 month and 19 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Tuesday. October 25. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.. at
Trinity Presbyterian Church, corner of.
Twenty-third and Capp streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Kindly omit
flowers.
MOYSE— In this city, October 21. 1904 Es-
telle Moyse. beloved wife of Jule* Moyse,
mother of Gertie, . Joe. Ruth and Ralph
Moyse. beloved daughter of Mrs. R. Levy.
and sister of Alfred. ¦ Bertha. Alexander and
Gus Levy, a native of San Francisco. a«ed
43 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are. respect.
, fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 10 a. m., from her late residence 1238
Ellis street. Interment Home of Peace)
Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train from Third
and Townsend streets.
MUNZ— In .this city. October 23. 1904, Anna,
youngest and beloved daughter of Gottfried
and Anna Munz. and sister of Frieda Murtz.
a native of San Francisco, aged • month* and)
12 days.
NUGENT— The anniversary solemn requiem,
mass for the repose of th* soul of toe (at*
Rev. Denis Nujrent will b* celebrated la St.
Rose's Church. Brannan street,- b*tweea
Fourth and Fifth, on Monday. October 24.
commencing at 10 a. m. The reverend elergr
and friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend.
PRATO— In this city. October 22, 1904, Mtrta.
dearly beloved mother of David Prato and;
Mr*. Llna Perucca. and sister of Stephen and
Carlotta Lavagnlno and Mrs. Angela Canepst
of Petaluxna and Mrs. Catherine Laurenzl of
JohnsvllI* and Giovanni and Joseph Lav»t-
nlno. a native of Italy, aged 61 year* 3>
months and 23 day*.
RENWICK— In this city, October 23. 1904.
'Anna Renwlck. beloved wlf* of th* late)
James Renwtck. and mother of Mrs. R.
Roane. Mrs. I. C. Hatch, Mis* Kate Ren-
wtck and the late Mrs. W. McNaughton. a
native of England.
(£7 Friends and acquaintance* ar« respect--
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. October 25. at 2 p. m,. at her lat*
residence. 2S14 Howard street. Int*ra*kt
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from corner Thirtieth street and Saa
Jooe avenue at 2:30 p. m.
RICKBORN— In this city. October 2S. 1904, at
the residence of his parent* 6 Dearborn
street, off Seventeenth, between Valencia
and Guerrero, Ervln. youngest and dearly b*.
loved son of Frederick and Amelia. Rlck-
born. and brother of Walter Rlckborn. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and
ie days.
SCOTT— In thl* city. October 23. 1904, at th*
residence of her son. Nineteenth and Mission
streets. Mary Hopkins Scott, wife of the lata
George L. Scott of Darlington, Md.. aged 79
years 1 month and 14 day*. (Baltimore pa-
pers please copy.)
E7 Interment Darlington, Md.
SULLIVAN — In this city. October 23. 19O*.
Michael Sullivan, dearly beloved TOn of
Cornelius and Lizzie Murphy, and brother
of James and Eugene Sullivan, and steo.
brother of Gerald and Mary A. Murphy a
native of San Francisco aged 9 vJ>«r« «
months and 1 day. ye * rm •
CTFriends and acquaintance* are resr*»<t
fully invited to attend the funeral teJmomiw
(Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m.. from th? rest!
dence of the parents. 229 Texas strict
thence to St. Teresa's Church for «rrW.
at 11 a. m. Interment Holy Croai CemlTerl
WAIDELICH— In this city. October 22 Ifloi'
Frank, dearly beloved son of Christian Vmi
Louise Waldellch. and lovlrur brother o?m2.
J. G. Neubauer. Mr*. Fred WalSert -^J
Fred. Harry and Chrt. WaWelloh!
of San Francisco, aged 21 years and 1 «S»T»k
(Chicago. Ill and Lo, Ai£3ei CaL. "«£
please copy.) ' • P"Pers
CT Friends and acquaintances ar. *__«
fully invited to attend tht funeral^!?*"
papers please copy.) . w«nion. Tex..
E7Frlends'and acquaintance* .
fully Invited to attend thelSnera??,, J £" Pect -
(Tuesday). at 12:30 p m f^vL v morrow
residence 213% Tehama ™VreeL ml" Ut *
Cypress. Lawn Cemetery ireet * Jnterment
BOOHS FOB HOTTSEKEITPTrTCI — Con.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — 2 nicely furnished
¦sunny rooms, complete for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204— A eunny parlor
suite, suitable for housekeeping; also single
rooms; bath and phone.
GREEN. 1SI2 — Nice room; one or two ladles
or couple: housekeeping privileges.
GROVE. 3?— 3 connecting unfurnished rooms
' and single.
GROVE. 109 — Two nice newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping: use of bath and phone.
HOWARD. 710% — 2 large housekeeping rooms;
adult* cnly; resKCtable: no transient. ,. " \
HYDE and Washington (apply 1605 Washing-
ton— 2 newly furnished housekeeping rms.;
every convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 2506.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room minny apartments: steam heat; cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rates reas.
LIBERTY, 604; take Castro car— Modern, sun-
ny, 4-room parlor floor; ref.; adults: $18.
MINNA. M6 — Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping. -~ -
OAK 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $5 to
$12'; gas range: hot bath: adults.
OAK. 1193, near panhandle — Large sunny fur-
nished front room;kltchen complete ;gas stove.
PAGE, llfl — Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms: running water; bath. »",,.¦
POST. 9C2 — Nicely furnished suites; $15 to $20;
gas. closets, running water; convenient.
RITCH, 307— Three rocms furnished for house- j
! keeping. $12. ¦ j
' SACRAMENTO. 1614 — Parlor floor. 5 elegantly j
I furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
' SCOTT. 300 — Northeast corner; 2. 8 or 4 rooms,
! n*wly furnlhlted; bath; extra sunny.
SECOND, 140— Furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
SHOTWELL. 822 — Two sunny front rooms
furnished complete fcr housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. .126 — To let. 4 unfurnished
n cms toe housekeeping; no children.
EUTTER, 1928—3 large sunny rooms and bath; j
•r.tlre upper floor: clean; reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3305—2 small sunny un-
furn!ebed rooms: gas; yard; $5 monthly.
TWENTT-SECOXD. 3447—2 furnished house-
keeping rocms; all complete.
WASHINGTON. 1419 — Two sunny furnished
rooms, with piano; light housekeeping; $16.
AP/JtTMEBTT HOUSES.
eT. LOUIS 1575 Jackson — Marine view; 8-4.*
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. Bast 1330.
BOOMS TO I.ET — Pnm. and PnXura.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Tbe Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
«fth st.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 5O night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrio
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1264 — Nice sunny front room;
running water; $8.
CLEMENTINA, 320— Room to rent unfur-
nished.
EDDY, 432— Nicely furnished rooms, bath,
modern, convenient, reasonable.
EDDY, S70 — Handsomely furnished rooms to
let.
ELLIS, 1130 — Handsomely furnished room;
suitable for 1 or 2; board If desired.
FIFTEENTH. 1571 — Nice, clean, sunny room
very reasonable.
FRAKKLIX, 721 — Eunny furnished front room;
$10; all conveniences. : '».**
GEARY, 1225 — Large bay-window sunny room
for rentleman; modern, convenient; only $12.
GLEN PARK ave., 13 — Sunny furnished
room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847., opposite Jefferson
Square — Furnished rooms, suite or single.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms SSo
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
HAWTHORNE, 8 — Large front room to rent.
HOWARD. 737% — Furnished rms.; good loca-
tion; also some bousekpg rms.; very reas.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 105L bet. Sixth aiui Seventh—
Nicely furnished rooms; double or single;
newly furnished; painted and papered.
HOWARD. 2032 — For doctor or dentist, an ele-
gant parlor eulte with bath; private. .
JESSIE, 363, east U. S. Mint— Nicely furnish-
ed rooms, double bed, $10; single rooms, $5.
KEARNY. 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms; sunny;
bay window; front; $22 50; housekeeping;
adults; references.'
KEARNY, 305, cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms and bath.
LANOTON. 21%. between Sixth and Seventh—
To let. furnished room with water.
LARGE, furnished room; gas and bath; for 2
gentlemen. Apply 625 Golden Gate ave.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third St.— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 60 per day,
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MARKET, 917 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
MARKET! 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny
rooms; $2 60 to $7 week; elevator.
MINNA. 559A— Furnished rooms; adults.
MISSION. 854— Rooms to let. furnished.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh — Single sunny
- front room; central: private house; $1 25 per
week.
MISSION. 2768 — Furnished room to let; pri-
vate family. ' . ' > ¦/.
NATOMA, 218— Rooms to let.
OAK. 42. near Van Ness ave. and Market st. —
Furnished sunny front parlor to let; rent
reasonable; German family.
O'FARRELL, 776 — Furnished rooms to let;
good neighborhood.
O'FARRELL. 556 — Sunny front parlor and side
room: business center: quiet block.
O'FARRELL, 671 — .Newly furnished rooms;
first-class beds; price reasonable.
PINE, 2786 — Sunny bay-window, 7 rooms and
bath: house completely furnished; yard;
basement; reasonable.
POLK. UKX> — Newly furnished sunny front
bedroom with bath; reasonable.
POST. 217. near Grant ave. — Elegant front
suite; also single room; reasonable.
POST, 701, cor. Jones (Warren Aptmts)— Ele-
gantly furnished front suite, steam heat, gas
and electric lights, bell service, bath, phone,
running water, elevator; decidedly up-to-date
and for gentlemen only.
ROYAL HOUSE.126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 850 to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6T. REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house: new
furnishings; fresh and clean; hot and cold
water; baths; everything sanitary; elevator
temce: If sunshine and cleanliness Is an ob-
ject see these rooms: $3 per week up.
STEVENSON, 020^ — Bunny front \ furnished
room to let cheao.
SUTTER. 717 — Sunny rooms, back or front;
grate, running water; 8 minutes to town.
TAYLOR. 21— Elegant front suites and single;
hot water; steam beat; elevator; $20-$30 mo.
TAYLOR. 24«— Nicely furnished room for 2
gentlemen.
TATLOR. C24. near Sutter-^-Sunny. front, bay-
window room; $12.
THE ST. KATHRTN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH 8TS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE Larchmont. 361 Sutter — New brick bldg..
finely furnished: hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to baths: $2 60 to $5 per week.
TWENTY-NINTH, 326.— Sunny room.
THIRD. 75— Nicely furnished rooms to let.BELMAR SELECTIONS.
First race— The Musketee» t Pom?
Leaf C, Lem Reed.
Second race Emperor of Tw^
Falernian, Foxmead.
Third race— JTerr Mown Hay, Tha
Crisis, Cognomen.
Fourth race — Bad News, Biff Ben,
Miss Crawford.
Fifth race— Carat, Ethylene, Cele
bration.
. Sixth race— Gold Enamel, Colonel
Ruppert, Janeta.
Condlton of the track— Fast.
By th» Chicago Inttr Octaa.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
(By tit* N«w York Morning T*!«gmp&, .
First race— Niblick, Jurenaga, B. L.
Johnson.
Second rac«— champlain, S«rmoojF,
Xamtor.
Third rare — Crown Prince, To San,
Israelite.
Fourth race— Heart's Desire, Clori
fler, Pasadena.
Fifth race — Carbnncle, CTxamplala,
Stolen Moments.
Sixth race— Lord Bad^e, Carbnncla,
Stonewall.
Condition of the track— Fatal.
JAMAICA SELECTIONS. |
RACING FORM
BY EXPERTS
F. Werlen proved the champion of the day among all the riflemen *
who assembled at Shell Mound Park yesterday to take'part in the month
ly contests of the different clubs. In the Redmen's Shooting Company he
wonthe first-class medal with 405 rings. He won the gold medal for the^i
best last shot and finally captured the Captain L. Siebe medal for the .
best bullseye. Mr. Werlen, although comparatively new on the rifle range,
is fast forging his way to the front and will soon be listed with the cham
pions. . The scores follow: - • ¦ - " .. . '. ¦¦.¦¦..: ¦ •-'
Redmen's Bchuetzen Company, monthly com
petition: Medal Fhoot— Champion class, H.
Schult, 398; first cla3S, F.Werlen, 405; second
class, C. J. Strippel, '875; third class, D.
Tamka. 333,; fourth class. H. Nlcolai. 381; best
first shot, H. Schult. 25: best last shot. F.
Werlen, 25. Bullseyes— F. Werlen 11O«; J.
Mohr 1286, William Dressier 1343, C. G. Strip
pel 1573, W. B. Meyer 1682. The Captain Siebe
medal wrb won by F. Werlen. .
San* Francisco Schuetzen Verein, monthly
bullseye -contest— Henry Zecher 7 points, C. F.
Thierbach 239, Otto Lemcke 311, F. Koch 334,
Otto Bremer 459," F/" P. Schuster 475, G. Gun
ther 490, Fred Brandt '531. J. Peters 532, S.
Heino 660. Louis Bendel 675. A. Westphal 719,
H. Bornholdt 85:1,- A. Lemaire 864, D. Hunte
mann KS4, Captain H. Stelllng' 934. John C.
Waller 956, O. Schultz 895, Herman Huber 996,
A. Jungblut 1081. Competition shoot — Q. dun
ther 181, A. Schaefer 147, C. F. Thierbach 200.
S. .Heino 200, A. Lemaire 129, A. Grants 138,
Fred Brandt 20C.F. P. Schuster 214. Captain
H. Btelllng 200. H. Zecher 158, D. Huntemann
210, E. Doell 191, a: Bertelsen 190. Otto Bremer
215. A. Jungblut 184, A. Westphal 208. D. Sal
fleld 196. F. Hensel 135, O. Lemcke 213,-
Norddeutscher | Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal shoot — First champion class, H. Huber,
427; second champion class, not filled; first
class, J. Peters, 1 402; second class, L. Brune;
384; third class, .August Westphal, 366; fourth
class, B. Hllken, . 360; best first shot, F. P.
Schuster, 25; Vert last shot. H. Huber, 25.
Golden Oata Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition: Rifle, silver medals — M. J. White,
199. 164; Ed Englander, 174, 154; O. W. Max
well, 100. Re-entry match — W. F. Blasse, 220,
218. 211; Max Kolander, 219 210, 218; C. M.
Henderson.' 217, 216; M. F. Blasse, 207; Q. W.
Maxwell, 202.
Revolver: | Gold medal — F. V. Ktngton, 90,
83, 82. Re-entry match— W. C. Prlchard.< 93.,
91. 86, 86, 80; G. E. Frahm, 89, 88, 88, 87; M.
J. White, 88, 78.. Pistol re-entry match— H. G.
Urupe, 81; Max Kolander, 78. .
Germanla Schuetzen Club, monthly* bullseye
shoot — H. Huber 468. W. F. Blasse 785; Fred
Brandt 790. M. F, Blasse 840. D. Huntemann
910^0110 Bremer 015, B. Jonas 978, Charles
F. Thierbach, 990, CM. Henderson 996, Max
Kolander 1275, F. P.. Schuster 1317, Louis
Bendel, 1492, A. Jungblut ,1844.
. Company A. Veteran • Reserve, ¦ N. O. .• C,
monthly medal shoot — J. Donovan 39 'Corporal
W. Dressier 30, C. W. Chalmers 21, D. Atkln
sin 19, C. G. Can- 27, Lieutenant J. C. Darnell
28, E.\M.\ Sherburne 30.
Private matclj — C. W. Chalmers 21, Corpo
ral W. Dressier 25, Lieutenant J. C. Dar
nell 38.- - •
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
practice shoot — R. S. Wtxson 413, P. - Paulson
336, W. Paulson 351. J. A. Logue 375. L. A.
Frates 273. W. Guild 311, Dr: L. V. Frates 283.
Swiss Rifle Club, prize shoot — P. Bartola 17,
G. Mignola 17, C. Luratl 16. •<. ¦",
Werlen Is Now King
Of the Crack Shots
Of . course things , are ' going wrong
when they don't go your way. :, :
SEATTLE, Oct. 23.— With the score
a tie, 1 to X, in the tenth inning,' Mc
<l BUTTB.-', Mont; ': Oct.' ., 24.— Senator W.' '. A.
Clark has sold the Helena 1 Independent to John
8. M. Nelll of Helena, and the formal ' transfer
has already taken place. Senator Clark bought
the Independent from if «U1 two years ago. • ";•»
A doUar saved , is a doUar earned, and
a dollar not loaned is a dollar sat**.
SAN MATEO, Oct 28.— Virtually
the first polo game of the season was
played on C.W." Clark's field : this aft^
ernoon. It was a ' practice game 1 with
but .three ¦ men : on . each :- side, ii W.'V, S:
Hobart, '' Lawrence . McCreery and J;. O.
Tobin were matched St against; .John
Lawson, R? M." Tobini arid Cyril: Tobin;
The former scored two goals to one by
their " opponents. ", •' T. , A; '¦ .:¦ Driscoll " was
bn^the . field, but ; did] riot /play., and
probably will' not during? the/seasori.
Mr.;*' Merizles, v- Mr.- MackeyTy Captain
Haig, the : puvals • jand 3 others > are
pected soon . from> England.:*^ George
J.'^Gonldt'andT" other." Eastern ; players
are expec te d ' for .. the comlngr season. : '
Picked Teams Play - • ., Interesting
Practice Gam©r— Walter Hobart ',..-¦
Captained the Victors.
POLOISTS OPEN SEASON
ON THE SAN MATEO FIELD
Donald called Tim Flood out at sec
ond. Tim lost his temper and reached
for McDonald. McDonald could not
stand this and tried to . get. at Flood,
but the , other players interfered.
Stovall and Oscar Jones pitched as
great ball as has been seen here this
Lot Aryrelea — j Seattle— 9£pP
¦ AB. R, K. O.A. I AB.K.H.O.A.
Bernd.cf 5 1 0. 2 0 VHltn.cf 4 0 0 2 0
Flood,2b 5 0 2 3 1 Mohlr,2b 4 0 17 5
Brshr.lb 0 0 0 10 Blksp,3b 3 10 12
JSmth.3b 6 0 1 1 3 FMsk.lf. 4 1 2 8 0
Cravth.rf 4 ' 0 1-2 1 Leahy.c. S 0 2 8 1
Chse.l -2b BO 0 10 . 0 CSmth.rf 6.0 100
Tomn.is S01 3 2 Hall.ss.. 50 1 47
Ross If . .8 O 1 4 0 James.lb 4 - 0 0 13 0
Spies.c. 4 0 0. 5 4 StovalUp 4^0.1 01
Jones.p.. 4.01.01 —
__ Totals. 88 2 8 83 18
ToUls.40 1 7»31 12 •
•Winning run made with ono out .,.
BUNS 'AND. HITS. BY INNINGS.
Seattle :....0"0 0 0 0 0 0 ' 0 1— 2
Base hits..O 2 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 1 ; 1— 8
LosAnir*les.l O 0" 0 0 0-0 0,0 0 O^-l
Bailhlts .0 2 0 0 1*011' 0 1 1—7
I... summary! ¦
Errors— Blankenehlp' 2, James, Floods : J. '
Smith, Chase, Toman. Stolen bases — Blanken.
ship C Smith 2.- Two-base 1 hits — Hall,' Ross.
Sacrifice hit—Ross. Double play— Mohler to
jurn. ' ' Bases on ¦ balls^ — Oft ¦¦ Oscar Jones '. 5. '
Paused bail — Splea.'-iWlld pitch— Stovall. .Time.
of cam*— Two hours. ' Uxaplr*— McDosaJd.-
The . annual t Corinthian baseball game
was played yesterday at , Paradise Cove
between "Keegah" -.Schober/s >lne and
Jack Short" 8 team, : the former winning
a iniost amusing contest by the score
of 9 1 ; to 4.r Port Captain John H. v Keefe,
armed; with a great ax, .officiated as
umpire.
The ; Corinthian that • cruised
to . Paradise on Saturday evening
were', the flagship Speedwell/. the sloops
Emma, Presto, Meteor, : Truant, '¦ Freda,'
Genesta'and .Aeolusi with V the yawl
Spray.v' The .'yawl," Gypsie,
also dropped ; anohor in the cove. -Yes
terday; the } sloops " Neva and Discovery
1 oinedfth^Jfleet.'ls^J^^^jgggBBSBQjl
;'-The: launch 'Envoy conveyed ¦'¦. Port
Captain ; John] H. \ Keef e,\the \ provisions
and some ¦ guests) UT, the cove yesterday
morning.^ On J! the (^return trip if the
laurich'to'wed the sloops Freda, Genesta
arid \ Speedwell N home. After : luncheon
the 'Edna' quartet ; gave some glees ; that
were'much; enjoyed.' . . • -I
*":• The i- closing J Jinks ": of ? the San ' Fran-'
Cisco ¦: Yacht \Club j,were\ held", on 'f Saturr
day ¦; night . and _ the rcloslng ,1 cruise . of
the season yesterday.' ? The ¦ Jinks « were
Tlburon .Yachtsmen Enjoy Alfresco
Luncheon \Under the " Trees
. at "Paradise Cove.
well \ attepded \ and ' successfully' carried
out/ The I launch ~\ Guide' brought * a € def
tachment: of members of- the. Vallejo
.Yacht* and! Boat '-: Club down to : Saus
allto,*^"where \ they"*, were hospitably i en
tertained inHheciub-house. • *
Crystals and Trentons Play Tie Game.
The Crystals and. Trentons played
{he second game of the Junior football
league ; at'the Richmond grounds yes
terday.-' The game resulted in a score
of 5 ¦ to ; ; 6. The , Trentons^made their
touchdown in -the early part of the
first . half '. by • a run around ; right • end,
while 1 thel Crystals" made I theirs ' ¦ in the
early; part of , the ; second half,'Full
back Musante making a rush through
center/; ;/¦'"- . V
; The teamsj follow: . .
CrystaLB ' rr; Aureguy, : ' : Liebert, ; E.
Wehril,' Cook?. S.'-Wehrll, Delfino,'Sled
entopf,^J6ne8,^Gill,'^A.' ,T. Muaante
(captain), -A.[ Ar Musante.
TTrehtons-^-Sutter, Pre'sco, Decour
sey,'i \ Plastery, ; Haulston,, . Rawlson,
Branch", _. '-. Tuttle, ¦ ' Wetlock, "j Freeman,
Stever."> "''",' : V"- ; '~.'" ' '"'¦""" > -^-
AXGELS FALL IN ELEVENTH.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct 25*-— The
Seals secured a safe lead early in the
game by a combination of bunched
hita and costly errors. Portland found
Wheeler effectively late in the game,
but could not' change the result
Score:
Portland— I Baa Francisco—
AB.R. H. P.A- AB.R, H. P.A.
Drnan. cf S O 1 2 O| Hldbd. If 5 14 2 0
Hclnd. rtS O 2 2 O Meany, rf 4 2 2 S O
Xde&u, If S 0 0 8 O! Irwin, 3b 4 0 1 18
Beck 3b. 4 0 1 2 2jVnBrn,lb 3 0 1 12 0
}>.unkle, s 3 0 2 0 . 2 Wldrn, cf 8 0 0 3 1
Bp«icr,2b 3 0 0 2 4|Adrsn,2b,4 0 0 3 2
Btelmn. c4. 0 0 5 2,Gochcr. a 4 0 0 2 7
Davis, lb 4 1 1 11 OShea.c.,4 0 110
nimn, p 4 2 S 0 3 Wheelr.p 4 2 1» 0 3
TotaU.37 3 10 27 18 Totals. 35 6 10 27 16
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland ........ 00000 020 1 3
Base bits.: .0 1 2 1112 0 2— 10
San Francisco. ;. 2 0200000 1 — 6
Base hlU...... 2 0 2 0 1 1 3 0 1—10
ECMMART.
Errors — Anderson 2. Beck. . Spencer, Davis,
Gochnauer. Earned ran — Portland. Stolen
base— Irwin. Base en balls — Off Thlelman 1.
Ktruck out— By Thlelman 3. Two-bane hits
Rankle, Thielman 2. Davis. First base pn er
rors — Portland 2. San Francisco 2. Sacrifice
hits— Runkle, Spencer. Meany. Waldron.
Double plays— Beck to Steelman to Davis; 'Wal
dron te Anderson. Ttme of game— One * hour
and forty- five minutes. Umpire — Brown.
— ¦ ?
CORINTHIAN TARS ', PLAY
ANNUAL 'BASEBALL GAME
SEALS TAKE AS EARLY LEAD.
Champion stake: First round — Full Moon
beat Little Plunger, 6-0; Carlow Boy beat Po
catelli, 16-8: Fair Tralee beat Sampler, 4-8;
Barge beat Doc Burns, 8-6; Duhallow a bye;
Princess Savoy, beat Loet Chord. 12-8; Rocked
Asleep beat Fair Flying, 7-1; Friendless Boy
beat Trale* Lass, 15-7.
Second round — Full Moon beat Cariow Boy.
6-0; Barge beat Fair Traleo. 4-2;. Princess Sa
voy beat Duhallow. 22-1; Friendless Boy beat
Rocked Asleep. 12-8.
Third round — Barge beat Full Moon, 82-10;
Princess BavOy beat Friendless Boy, 23-8. . .
Deciding course— T. Jolly's Princess Savoy
(Hot Ftu.T-Lady Nellie) beat George Nether
cotfs Barge (^rlvanus-Freda O. 22-4.
. California - Club— B. > Ivancovich and Harry
Sullivan beat - G. Ivancovich and 'J. Sullivan.
6-3, 4-1; W. Murphy beat Dr. Noble. 6-2; Noble
and Murohy ' beat H. Spring and E. P. .-Rob
bins, 6-3, ¦ 6-2; ' Paul Jones ¦ and S. * Salisbury
beat A. Chesebrough and L H. Adams, 6-2:
Jones ; and Salisbury '.- beat O. * Pratt • and
Adams, 7-5,' «-4; M. Long and A. Kenyon beat
George * Busch -, and » C. ',¦¦ G. Kuehn, .. 3-0, - 6-3.
10-8; Bobbin* . and Dr. ' Noble beat - Spring and
Little," 2-6, 6-4. - 6-4; ; B.^ Noune • beat 'A. Bey
fuss. - 6-2: . W. . Coll ier . tied F. S. M Itch ell. O-0.
6-3. 8-6, 6- 3 ; ¦ W. Stauf . and . W. Johnson beat
J Thome and H. Lund. 6-4. 6-3, 0-2; M. Long
beat Kuehn. 8- «; O. - N. -. Annaley beat H. E.
Punnett, ' 7-5, > 6-3; Beyfuss and Nourse tied
H. Lo n g and O, Janes, 8-8, 2-6.
Bay Counties championship— C. * Griffin ' beat
J. A. Code, 8-2. 6-2. 6-2; R.N.WWtnoy beat
Marius Hotchklss by default; J. D. MacGavin
beat Griffln. S-l, 6-2, 5-7, 3-6, C-l; MacGavin
beat Whitney, 6-2.' 6-8, 4-6, «-l.
The first annual "tennis tournament
for the championship of the Bay coun
ties and for the Reuben H. Lloyd cup
was brought^ to a close yesterday at
Golden Gate Park. As* was . expected,
Coast Champion Drummond : MacGavin
carried -off the honors. In the final
match he had an easy time beating
R.--N.,' Whitney.
', Clarence^ Griffin proved by his show
ing in this tournament that he is the
cleverest player of his years on the
coast. .^
It looked like the old times on the
California Club courta. Many of the
veterans were out and the courts were
crowded .until late in the afternoon.
A. Che,8ebrough, S- H. Adams, Onrille
Pratt^iiPaulr Jones and several other
former, . cracks " figured in practice
gamesX The day's scores:
MacGavin Takes
The Lloyd Cup
The only look-in Mike Fisher . had
during the week was yesterday morn
ing at Oakland. . The Tigers grew as
ferocious as of yore in the third round
end got Mr. Graham for three runs
and &s many hits. The score:
Oakland — Tacomsk —
AB.R. H. P.A. XB.R. H. P.A.
GrJry.rf 4 O 11 0 Doyle, rf 4 1 1 1 o
Frcks.ss 4 1114 Ebehn.3b 8 2 18 4
Dnlvy.lf 4 0 0-2 0 Nrdke.lb 4 0190
Echfly.2b 4 0 0 11 Eagan.s» 4 1114
Krugr.ef « O 1 3 0 Lynch.cf 4 0 1-8 O
Etrelb.lb 4 O 0 12 © McLJn,lf 8 0 18 0
DevncSb 8 0 0 16] EHmas,2b 30181
Btark. c. 8 0 16 0 Hogan. 0 4 0 0 2 1
Gr&hm.p 8 12 0 1 Thrr.a»,p 4 0 0 0 1
Totals. 23 S 6 27 12 Totals. 88 ~4 ~7 2T 11
RUWB A3CD HTTB BT INNINGS.
Tscocna ......... .0 0 8 0 10 0 0 0—4
Baa« hits I 1 8 O 1 1 0 0 O—7
O»lrlsnn .0 0 0 0 0 1 01O—2
B«M hits 0 0 3 0 1 1 1 1 O— 6
SUlfUART.
Btotea baac— 6he«han. Errors— Stark, Nor
4yk«, Eagan. McLaaglilln. Two-bas* hits —
Bcrc-n. McLaaghllB. Kruger. S*oriac» hit—
Mclonghlln. First bas* on oalled balls — OS
Graham 1. L«ft on bases — Oakland . 4. Ta
coma S. Struck out — By Graham t, by Thom
as 2. Hit by pitcher — Delxn&s. Wild pitch
Graham. Tlmt of game— 1:45. Umpire—
Perlne.
Tacoma 4, Oakland 2.
Victors Present a Strong Line-Up and
Experience Little Difficulty
in Scoring.
SAN MATEO, Oct. 23.— The lacrosse
team representing/ the San Mateo Ath
letic Club was ; treated to an over
whelming defeat -this afternoon by the
William Blackwell aggregation of San
Francisco, the' score being 10 to - 2.
The latter team was the strongest ever
brought to this city. Each player was
a veteran and in- condition for. a hard
struggle. ,. J. ,.C. * Henry of' the San
Francisco club suffered a fracture of
one of the. bones 6t the. left hand'dur
ing the third period and had to retire
from the game.' The visitors were
prevented Trom • running up a much
larger score by the great defense work
of Gibson. The -home team was out
of practice arid showed lack of team
work. Following' is the line-up of
the>,teams: , - y : - ¦'
San Francisco. . Positions. Athletics.
Jones...... .'Goal. .....J. Gibson
Henry.."..;...;.. Point... ............ ..j.. Ross
McQuald. .Cover point .Mike Lyons
Dunn. First defense. ...... .J. Peas
Peterson...."..... Becond ...............Myers
Do Vlllleri. . .-. . . . Third v. .Lynch
Chambers. ....... Center GlUlgan
Taylor. . ......... Third home... . . .Dr. , Elssens
H. Judge... Becond home. ........ .Coutta
Darragh. . .". '...;. .First home ...... . . . . . . .Blank
Scanlon. ....'. . . . . Outside home. .Martin Lyons
Crllly...... ;..... Inside home ..J. J. Byons
Mlnto. . .... . . . . . . Field captain. . . .McLaughlin
Strang and McCormlck, umpires; R. R.
I'Homroedleu, referee, v
Naught to Naught Contest at the Pre
sidio Grounds. Shows Excellent
Mass Play Combinations.
With an ideal day for the sport, and
a fast field, the football teams of La
Union and Company, H, League of the
Cross Cadets, yesterday afternoon at
the Presidio athletic grounds lined up
and for forty-five minutes stubbornly
contested for superiority. At the call
of time on the . second half the ball
was in the center of the field" in the
hands of the wearers, of the black
and orange (La Union) who had a
slight advantage through the 0 "to 0
contest.
The features of the day's play were
the plunges 'through the line of the
Company, H Vacks/ and several clever
punts by' the men behind the line for
La Union. Two field goals were tried,
one apiece for the contestants arid
both were narrowly missed. But one
.accident marred the day, Julius * Erl
ingheim being -.rendered temporarily
unconscious. The line-up of th«s
teams was as follows:
Company H. ~ Position. La Union.
Brogan - (Captain). . . . L. ; E. .-;". ...... .O'Connor
Dehaney . . ; . . ; .'..'. .'. . L. T. . .". ....".... .". .Main
Desmond. ............ L. G. ......... .. .Mullen
Ruf flno ..... . . .'. . .C. .". Nager, - Musanto
Edwards. R. G. ...: .Thompson.
Estllla... ....../ R. T...... Garcia, ,-Long
Cannon. v.R. E.'. ..:.... .McKenile
Sullivan ......... .Q. B .....•...:. .'Whitney
Erllnghelm, Sears.. L. H. B....Wankowski
Holmes..... R. H. B... . .. ...Merrltt
Syce.".'. :.:...".'.. F. B. ;...¦;..... Browning
¦ Score : -O-O. - First half, ; 25 ¦ minutes ; • second
half, 20.
CADETS AND IxA UNION
PliAY STUBBORN GAME
SAN FRANCISCO OUTPIjAYS
SAN 3IATEO AT LACROSSE
Sixth race, one and an eighth milea. selling —
Mlndora 107, Golden Light 105. Flyer 105. Judge
Cantrlll 1C5, Drummond 104, Second Mate 103,
Pat's Choice 1 103, Blrdwood 100 Illuminate
100, George Vivian 100, Hucena' 100. Sabot
100. Barca 08. , ¦
Fourth race, : seven ¦ furlongs, handicap—
Aden 122, Annie Davis 100, Subador 100. Ralph
Young 98. Edith May 97." Arlena 93, Wolfram
92. St. Flour 88, Terns Rod 82.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth mil#», purse
— Sambo 110. Pathos 10O. Miss Betty OS Orient
98. Benzal 07. Ivernia »7.
Second race, one mile, ! eellingi — St. -Daniel
108, Pepper Dick 105, - Dr. Burns 103. Gerda
105, William F. II 105. Fltzbrillar 103. Missile
103, Sanctisnima ICO, .Carlana 100, Tribes 100
Flora Levy 100, Jake Weber 100. -
Third race. five, and a half furlongs, purse —
John Randolph 107, Russell A 105. Tullatsukee
1C5. B«ndigo 105, Westward - Ho 105. Kitty
Belle Brooks 1C2. Makatna 102, Dresden 102.
Stella M 1C2. Clara Dee 102. ¦ .~v..*
ST. LpUIS, Oct. 23. — The entries
for to-morrow races at Delmar track
follow:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Sharon
Springs 105, Cotta Stone 102. Bonanza King
102. Lady Gift 102. De Vlnee 102, Trourer* 10O
Aten 97, Betty Gold 97, Bannock Belle 97. Mary
Maud 97. Rox 102. . .
BELMAR ENTRIES.
Reserve stake: First round — Colored Lady
beat Hermit. 4-2; Old Ironsides beat Reckless
Acrobat. 6-5; May Tunlson beat Goldea For
tune, 11-7; Meillnwood beat Rocklln Boy,
15-4; Aarodh beat Smller, 6-0; Frank Dunn
beat Cubanola, 29-12; Butte City "beat Plca
dilly, 6-1; Frank C beat Tom Hurlick, 6-2;
Miss Lucille beat Commercial Traveler, 4-1;
Lorette beat Young Johnny Rex, 15-5: Vina
beat Jigamaroo, 14-4; Frisky Boy a bye; Bel
fast beat Lucky Shamrock. 12-7; Mabel S
beat Modest Beauty, 5-2; Fritter b«at Bob R,
7-S; Pasha Pleasant beat Piker. 14-4.
Second round — Old Ironvldes beat Colored
Lady, 8-6; Mellinwood beat May Tunison.
7-2; Aerodh beat Frank Dunn. 11-8; Frank C
beat Butt* City, 7-6; Miss Lucille beat Lo
retta, 8-5; Vina beat Frisky Boy, 8-2; Belfast
beat Mabel 8, 14-7; Fretter beat Pasha Pleas
ant, 7-6. <
Third round — Mellinwood beat Old Ironsides,
11-6; Frank C beat Aerodh. 8-5; Miss Lucille
beat Vine, 6-2; Fretter beat Balfast, 8-4.
Fourth round — Mellinwood beat Frank C,
22-10; Mist Lucille beat Fretter, 8-8.
Deciding coure« — E. L. Grimm's Miss Lucill*
(Mr. Klrk-LucllIe) beat L. Lagomarrtno's Mel
linwood (Rocker-Little Wonder). <18-6.
Princess Savoy captured the cham
pion stake at Ingleslde Coursing Park
yesterday from a field of high-class
greyhounds. Miss Lucille defeated
Mellenwood in the final of the Reserve
event. Honors in the beaten dog stake
went to Bright Columbia. Following
are the day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
Beaten dog stak«: Fourth round — Dear
Gaston beat Irma Hotfoot. 8-4; Maid o' the
Glen beat Lily Wright. 16-8: Bright Columbia
beat Concord Tralee, 8-6; Haughty Helen a
bye. ¦
. Fifth round — Dear Gaston beat Jerry
Wright, 18-7; Bright Columbia beat Haughty
Helen, 5-1.
D»*cldlng course^ — J. M. Carroll's Bright Co
lumbia (Bright Gold-Columbia) beat Dear
Gaston (Fetter Free-High Born Lady), 48-7.
Third round— Vandal beat Ml Amlgo, 8-0j
Sacramento Boy beat Sofala, 8-0; Panoche beat
Amandan, 9-2; lone Hill beat Paul Dunbar,
6-2; Haphazard beat Racing Auto. .6-1; Run
away Actress beat Sylvester, 12-2. .
Fourth round — Sacramento Boy beat Vandal,
8-1; Pauoche beat lone Hill. 6-0; Haphazard a
by*. Runaway Actress withdrawn. =
Fifth round— Panoche. beat Bacramento Boy,
4-OS Haphazard a bye. ¦ - •:, ••¦¦¦
::• Deciding course — E. Bcott'a Panoohe (Promise
Me-Fr«da C) beat C. O. Peterson's Haphazard
(Moondyne II-Lady Jan*),' tt-1. -
Class stake— Frisky Barbara beat In Time. 1
5-0; Valley Pride beat Gambit, 17-6; Charter
Member beat Agile Spurt, 6-4; Renegade
Apache beat High Born, 12-3; Pomona, beat
The Referee. 4-2; Tom King a bye, Richard
Anton withdrawn; Tillie R a bye, Tom Hooker
withdrawn; Belle Free beat J E H, 11-4. ¦¦»
.Second round — Valley Pride beat Frisky Bar
bara, 19-7; Charter Member beat Renegads
Apache. 11-9; Tillie R beat Pomona, 4-0; Tom
King beat Belle Free. 7-2.
Third round — Valley Pride beat Charter
Member, 22-12; Tillie R beat Tom King. 13-5.
Deciding course — W. T. Raught's Tillie R
(Fetter Free-Daisy. Belle) won by default, the
same owner's Valley Pride (Rocker-Little Won
der) being withdrawn. ¦
Reserve stake — Spanish Lad beat John Heo
nan. 5-2; Ml Amlgo beat Queen's Motto, 5-0;
•Lulu Girl beat R W, 12-2; Vandal beat Bright
Fortune, 6-0; - Sacramento Boy beat • Hermls,
0-3; Fancy Free beat Eden -Vale, 14-0; Jack
Short boat Tennyson. 10-3; Sofala a bye, Aggie
W withdrawn; Panoche beat Eagle, 7-0; Falsa
Alarm beat Aeolus, 4-0; Amandan beat ' Miss
Domestic, 6-3; Galveston beat Mollio Mo, 3-2;
Miss Brummel beat- Ready Address, . 8-6; Ions
Hill beat Fearless Lad, 8-2; Paul Dunbar beat
Sherman, 8-0; Glaucus beat Gold Chain, 10-8;
Royal Spirit beat Texas Black Lips, 2-0; Rao-
Ing Auto beat Red Rock, 11-8; Haphaaard beat
Daisy Rocket. 6-8; Cosette a bye. Honest John
withdrawn; Dorothy M beat Our Motto, . 19-8;
Sylvester beat R&mlsso Anlmo, 0-4; Runaway
Actress beat Rose of Gold, 18-4; Belle Mario
beat Rich Array. 10-5. , ¦ .--.¦¦¦ . -
Second round — Mi Amlgo beat Spanish Lad,
4-0; Vandal beat Lulu Girl, 6-1; Sacramento
Boy beat Fancy Free, -14-2; Bofala beat Jack
Short, 12-4; Panoche beat False Alarm, 12-2;
Amandan beat Galveston. 2-0; lone Hill beat
Miss Brummel, 5-4; Paul Dunbar a bye, Glau
cus withdrawn; Racing Auto beat Royal Spirit.'
7-2;' Haphazard beat . Cosette, . 6-0; Sylvester
beat Dorothy M. 8-2; Runaway Actress beat
Bella Marie, 13-8.
A heavy blanket of fog settled down
upon Union Coursing Park field yes
terday afternoon shutting off all, view
of the running from the spectators.
Greyhounds from Sacramento carried
off all the honors. W. T. Raught'B
Tillie R and Valley Pride divided the
class stake, while E. Scott's Panoche;
cleverly handled by Johnny Doyle,
defeated Haphazard for the reserve
event. Favorites held their own well
during the day. The detailed; results
with Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores
follow:
PRINCESS SAVOY CAPTURES
THE CHAMPION STAKE.
HOUNDS FROM SACRAMENTO
CARRY OFF HONORS.
¦ : - -——. ; — ¦ — —
PLATER WIIO GRADUATED FROM THE SAND LOTS AND QUICKLY ROSE TO
THE DIGNITY OF A LEAJ3UE CATCHER. HIS TIMELY HIT IN THE EIGHTH
INNING YESTERDAY DEFEATED THE TIGERS.
- The heaviest money winning pacer
this year is Morning Star, 2 :04#, by
Star. Pointer, l:59i/J. He has won
more than $18,000.
The Cemand for good roadsters and
track horses was never better than It
is Just now in California. Ordinary,
horses that have nothing to- commend
them except that they are "standard"
are slow sale, unless consigned to the
auction rings frequented by express
men and milkmen. These are having
a hard time to ret sufficient horses to
draw their wagons.* They will- pay
from 5100 to $150 for horses that will
answer their purposes. Hundreds of
standard bred horses that cannot trot
or "pace fast enough to do - for - road
purposes are sent to these auctions and
meet ready sale. Horses with enough
speed to compete in races on the cir
cuit are. in good demand at $1000 and
upward, and the supply falls far short
of the demand.
' Before the close of the Cincinnati
meeting,, J... A- . Richardson of Boise
City, Idaho, owner of the pacer Ore
gon. Maid,' filed a. protest with the
Judges against the payment* of . the
winnings of the pacer King Direct,
"which won nrst money in the 1:09
pace." The grounds for. the protest
are that both King Direct and Ben ; P,
who started in the event named, are
owned by the same man, James-But
ler of New York. King Direct : is.in
the string of Mr. Geers and is entered
In the name of E. F. Geers. Ben F ta
entered by East View Farm. New
York, and is In the string of Monroe
Salisbury.
One hundred trotters and pacers are
being trained at the famous Pleasan
ton track. Applications for stalls are
becoming so numerous that many new
ones will have to be built If an that
want to train at the "horse center** axe
to be accommodated. *
The sale of the ex-California trotting
stallion McKinney, 2:11%, last week for
$50,000 is the sensation of the year in
harness horse circles. It was a surprise
to all horsemen, as it has not been
known he was for sale. When H. B.
Gentry of Bloomlngton. Ind., paid
Charles A. Durfee of San Jose $25,000
for the - champion sire two years ago,
he had just established the Gentry
stock farm, and now it is announced
that failing health has compelled him
to retire from all business. William
Simpson, a New York millionaire mer
chant and prominent horse breeder, is'
the new owner. All the brood mares on
the Gentry farm are to be sold at auc
tion. It is • reported Mr. Gentry will
come to California in, search of health.
¦ The rich (7000 Futurity offered by the
Pacific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders'
Association, and which closed on' the
15th inst., has received nearly 400
entries. 'As the list of individual nom
inators is larger than , ever before in
the : history of the stake, no further
evidence is .needed to show that the
breeding of trotting horses In California
Is carried. On more extensively than
ever before. Many of the larger stock
farms have gone out of existence, and
none of • the - stakes for" trotters that
Closed In recent years has received a
long list of entries from any one farm,
as was formerly the case. Small breed
ers were rather shy of making entries
in former years, as they did not con
sider they had a fair chance with-on#
or two nominations against a farm that
nominated thirty or forty and started
the best one.
MILLIONAIRE
BUYS McKINNEY
FOR $50,000
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles sell-
In? — Royal Pi sate 09. Bank Street 102. Carat
102. Harney 102. Chanterelle 104 Mr. Farnum
104. Federal 106. Cardinal "Woolsey 106. M«is
terslnger 107, Swlftwing 107, Ethylene 107.
Celebration 109. Dr. Stephens 110- Oloriosa
114.. Burning. Gjass 114. Benckan 114..
Sixth race, eleven-aixteenths of a mile
Siss Lee 100. -Janeta 100, Mon Amour ICO,
Yuga 100, Loglstella 100. Matador .103. Capl
tano 103. Downpatrick 103 Rossbourne 103
Dr. Leggo 103. Raviana 104. Harum Scarum
109, Gold Enamel 112. Colonel Ruppert 112.
Fourth race, mile, purse — Brand New 81.
Jane Holly 04, Miss Crawford 05, Lady Jocelyn
100, Introduceor 103, Big Ben 104. Bad News
Third race, six furlongs, purse — Intrigue 00.
Flight 90. Cognomen 100. Mezzo 102. St. Paula
104. Gypzene 106. The Crisis 106. Xew Mown
Hay 107. • .
Second race, mile and 50 yards, selling—
Nannan 83, Foxmead 03, Bery Waddell 93,
Martlus 06. Arab OS, Chockayotte OS, Lang
ford James 08, Avenger 101 Mingor* 103.
Triumvir . 105. Falernian 110, Emperor of
India 110, . - .... ;. ; -
CHICAGO, Oct. 23. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at "Worth follow:
First rac«. six furlongs selling — Four Leaf
C 102. Julia Junkfn 102. Mary McCafferty 102.
Postman 102. Flaunt 102. Wine Sap 102.
Automaton 105, Corblett's Bay 107. Lera Ree4
107. Canajoharle 107, Dr. Moody 107, Good
man 107. Joe Frey 110. Tom Maybln 110. I.
Samelson 110. The Musketeer 110.
WORTH ENTRIES.
<r«cifle Coast LeaguO
• . V. L. Pet. I W. L. Pet.
Ticom* 48 32 .600 Seattle .... .42 89 .619
Ixw Ar.r. .:. «-.4f> 34 .541l£an Fran 36 43 .455
Oakland 42 :;S .525 Portland ....29 61 .363
The day of rest was a day of toil,
agony and anxiety for Mike Fisher. He
had figured on making a finish yester
day that would take all the fight out
of Peter's Commuters. But it was not
to be, for the best Mike got was a
game, and he may be thankful for that.
Scores: Morning game — Tacoma 4.
Oakland 2; afternoon game — Oakland 2,
Tacoma 1.
As usual in this series, the pitchers
were the men behind the whole layout.
Big Overall was there with speed and
electrified the vast throng. Dr. Moski
xnan was cool and scientific and held
the sluggers from Tacoma town at bay
ell the time. The honors were about
on a par, though Overall seemed to
have Oakland entirely at his mercy.
The score was one all in the eighth
inning, when Strelb smashed the ball
so hard to Sheehan that the latter
could not handle it. Captain Graham's
moment of anxiety was at hand and
he allowed the next ball to go through
him. Streib was Quick to see his ad
vantage and landed at second. Dever
eaux laid down a bunt, advancing the
runner another notch. Byrnes produced
one of those Texas leaguers, the
flukest kind of base hits, yet the surest
and hardest to get. It poised above
the heads of Eagan and McLaughlin
and neither got it. When it had hit
the ground, Streib was already sliding
into the plate and the great battle was
won.
Oakland scored the first run as well
as the last. Schlafley tore off the first
hit from Overall's delivery in the fifth—
a double to left Kruger bunted him
along the line and Streib made the
hearts of the multitude happy with a
choppy one to right. Byrnes tore loose
one that was going safe till Delmas
reached out and got it with one mitt,
completing the spectacular play of the
day.
The Tigers could not even it up till
the seventh. Then Eagan got one of
those old fatal walks to" first and Lynch
sacrificed. McLaughlin went out and
the Oakland admirers breathed easier.
They forgot to' reckon Delmas In on
the play. He stepped into a fast one
end sent it on a mad career out to cen
ter field, Bcoring the Truck kid. Scores:
Oakland — I Tacoma —
AD.n. H. P.A-j AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly. rf 3 0 O 2 0 Doyle rf 4 0 0 1 0
Fmcks. e 3 O O 2 4 Shehn, 3b 4 O 1 O «
Dnlvy, If 3 O O 0 0 N'nirk.lb 4 0 0 7 2
Srhlfly.2b 3 113 0 Began, s. S 1 O 3 0
Krugr. cf 2 0 0 4 0 Lynch, cf 1 0 0 2 O
Streib. Jh 3 I 2 12 0 M'Lgn. If 3 0 0 0 0
Devrx, Sb 1 0 0 O 5 Dlmas,2b 3 0 12 3
Byrnes, c2 O 1 3 SlGraham.o 3 0 2 8 1
Uftoa,p 3 0 0 1 5 ' Overall, p 3 0 0 13
Totals. 23 2 4 27 161 Totals.28 ~1 ~4 24 ~»
RUXra AND HITS BT IN'XINGS.
Taecrr.a 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0— 1
Base hits 100010110—4
Oakland 0 0 0 0 10 0 1 x— 2
Base hits.... .. O 0 0 0 2 0 0 2 x— 4
SUMMARY. '
Stolen basae — Byrnes, Streib. Lynch, Gra
ham. Error — Devereaux. Two-base hits — Shee
han. Echlafley. Sacrifice hits — Byrnes. Kruger,
Lynch, Dever»aux. First base on error — Ta
coma. First base on called balls — OS Moekl
tnan 3. off Overall 2. Left on bases — Oakland
2. Tacoma 4. Struck out — By MoFklman 2, by
Overall 8. Passed ball — Graham. Time of
game— One hour and forty-five minutes. Um
pire — Perlne.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—Naintor 109. Sals 108. Ascetic 104. Stone
Arabia 103. Heglra 103. South Trimble 103.
Seymour 103. Tidewater 103 Stolen Moments
103. Homestead 101^ Reveille. 100.. Waterford
100. Toi San 98. Champlain 88. Courtmaid 88.
Third race, six furlongs, handicap, three
year-olds—Auditor 117. Monet 114. Liberia 112.
Roseben 108, Ancestor 108. Crown Prince 106,
Rob Roy 105, Israelite 107. To San 100.
Fourth race, six furlongs, th« Lynnebrook
handicap, two-year-olds — Glorifler 126, King
Cole 83. Pasadena 119. Cairngorm 117. Water-
Bide 115, Britisher 112, Augur 111. Flyback 111.
Teacress 107, Merry Lark 107. Glenecho 108,
Oamara 102. Navajo 100. Heart's Desire 100,
Austin Allen 08. Broadcloth 124. . •
¦ Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
Carbuncle 108. Cloverland 106. Sals 108," The
Southerner 07. Stonewall 96. Stolen Moments
93. Midshipman 02, Champlain -83.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, handi
cap—Carbuncle 117. Lord Badge 110, Stonewall
105, Proceeds 102. War Whoop 05, Ethics 04.
First race, ilx furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing;—Juvenaga 108, Monocorder 103. Gold
fleur 104, Kittle Platt 104. R. U Johnson 1O4.,
Dazzle 104. Red Ruler . 104. Winchester 103.
Recreo 102. Ika S 102, • Confessor 08. Hlldebrand
88, St. Margrave 88, Niblick 08, High Life 00.
Clover Hampton 97. Highborn 07, Calmntss 06.
Red Fox 05. Auto Hood 03, Th« Chantlcl«er 93.
Iron Heart 00. Pygmalion 00.
NEW, YORK, Oct. 23. — The Metro
politan Jockey Club has arranged a
stake race for every day this week
and for Saturday next it will have
two on its card. To-morrow's offer
ing is the Lynnebrook handicap, at six
furlongs for two-year-olds. On Tues
day the Amagansett stakes at one and
a sixteenth miles for three-year-olds
will be the feature. Canteen, which
is wonderfully Improved; De Reszke,.
which has practically swept all the
selling stakes into the -bank account
qf his owner;; Orthodox, which-will be
suited to a dot by .the distance; Gren
ade, whose triumph' over James F in
the mud the other day was distinct;
Ascension,' which Is better than ever
before in his life, and New York,
which has been showing good form,
are the principal eligibles. The- Ja
maica entries follow^.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Two -Year- Olds
Will Compete
inLunneWooK
STAKE RACES CARDED
FOR DECISION ON THE
COURSE AT JAMAICA
COMMUTERS SPLIT WITH TIGERS
Jimmy Byrnes' Pop
Hit Scores Tally
That Wins.
Overall and Moski
man Vie for Hon
ors in Box.
CLOSING DAYS OF BRITT'S AND GANS' TRAINING FOR COMING FIGHT
THE SAN ERANGISCO^ GALli;;?MONDAY; OCTOBER 24, 1904.
Kelly fought Gans in 1899. Kelly was
all in at the end of the fight, but he
kept telling Gans he would knock him
out if his friends had not'bet that Gans
would last twenty-five rounds. Kelly
In the morning Britt enjoyed an easy
stroll and ' after returning and' being
rubbed down took luncheon and then
rested until it was time to go into the
gymnasium. Spider Kelly, will take
command at Jimmy's camp to-day and
Britt .will hear more coaching than
he has listened to during the past week.
Kelly has made a study of the Gans
style of winning fights and believes he
can put- ': Britt wise to certain moves
that will redound to the white man's
advantage in the coming contest.
Five hundred visitors made their way
to Jimmy Brltt's training quarters in
Alameda yesterday afternoon td^waleh'
th> little fighter go \ through his gym
nasium stunts. Britt did not disap
point his guests. He boxed four speed/
rounds with Frank Rafael, skipped the
rope times without number "and went
through several rounds of shadow spar
ring before the: large crowd thai
thronged his quarters- Many of, the
witnesses of Jimmy's prowess and agil
ity were ladies and more than one pair
of gloves were damaged by fair ones
in clapping when Britt scored against
his boxing mate. ".
still tells this story with. gusto.
The fighters enter upon the last week
of their training to-day. From appear
ances the men will have to do only
enough work this week to keep the edge
on their condition. •. r ,.
A large delegation of sporting men
visited. Billy Shannon's villa yesterday
to watch Joe Gans work for his coming
battle. Many colored men were among
those present^ "¦si'*
The gymnasium where Joe Is pre
paring for the championship' fight - Is
rather" small and Al Herford had- to
exclude everybody but the newspaper
men and a few. friends while Joe went
through his usual stunts. When the
time came for him to box the doors
were thrown open and everybody was
admitted. Joe went four fast rounds
with Jlmmie Hay ward, a colored boxer
from the East. . The champion's con
dition greatly pleased his admirers.
: In" the morning Joe did ; his usual
fourteen miles on the road and returned
as fresh as a daisy. An. hour's hard
/work in 'the gymnasium in the after
noon constituted his day's work.
Gans is in excellent condition and
his weight still hovers between 134
and 135 pounds.
The sale of seats will open to-morrow
at Harry Corbett's- From appearances
the house will be the largest ever at
tracted by lightweight boxers on' this
Coast.
Rivals , for the Champidnshipi
Are •Confident- of Outcome
Both Don the Heavy Gloves
FIGHTERS ENTERTAIN MANY GUESTS
AT TRAINING QUARTERS.
Flr«t race— Lady Gift, Bannock
Belle,' Bonanza Kin?.
Second race— Jake Weber, Tribe*,
St. Daniel.
Third* race — Stella 31, John Ran
dolph, Clara Dee.
Fourth race — Edith May, Anne
Davis, Aden.
Fifth race— Sambo, Bengal, Pathos*
Sixth race — Sabot, Dmnunond,
Golden Light.
Condition of the track — Fast.
11VALLEJO. Oct. 23.— St. Vincent's
Council, Knights of Columbus, was in
stituted in Vallejo to-day with impos
ing and interesting ceremonies.
The steamer H. J. Corcoran arrived
at 10:30 a. m., bringing five hundred
Knights, mostly from San Francisco,
Oakland and San Jose, and a few from
Los Angeles. Among its prominent
visitors were State Deputy Joseph
Scott of Los Angeles, Joseph J. Ros-
Special Dispatch to Tb* Call.
Installation Ceremony
Begins With Mass at
St. Vincent's Church
LARGE MEMBERSHIP
Knights of Columbus
Organize a Council
in Navy Yard Town
Catholic Order in
Vallejo.
Trapper's Oil curs* rheumatism and neuralgia.'
Druggists. 60c n&sk. Richard * Co^ MM Cta|r«t
; For an excellent lunch,* tabl* d f hote '«r" »: 1»
carte, with or without wine, visit Th« ¦ Clares
don CaX«, M3 Post sc, opposite Olymplo Club.*
\ The St Brigid's fair . will' remain
openl till Saturday, next,*. Instead . of
Wednesday. This decision was' arrived
at last'Friday night,, when the, board
of directors of the fair met. The : fair
has been a great success arid;manyj6f
the parishioners ' are glad ; that* it • has
been extended.;
Fair Will Remain Open.
Suits-Shuman Company's ) State > Direc
tory for 1904-1905:*^;
Containing over 1 1 00 m. California "and every
person and concern in business In it he State
arranged alphabetically in ¦. theinf recpectlva
towns; alao railroad fares, population, names of
all county official*, banking-, etc Indispensable
to - th* ; business man • and . lawyer. Informa
tion found in a moment . that will ; take days
to obtain otherwise. I A' poital to ' Eults-Shu
man Company, ' 738 .' Mission ' street, or phone
Black 6475.- will. bring agent with bock for in
tpectlon. ¦MsfeMaKnsSi&lgK2lE&!i • ?S
. John Viegas, : 1 2 years . old, arid Joe
McKeon, 13,» ; entered-'. the y Franklin
School, on. Eighth street, between Har
rison and . Bryant, ' on Saturday after
noon by climbing up a 'drain pipe.'
After ¦ gaining an' % entrance', they ¦» went
into the kitchen, where the pupils.'are'
instructed - in '.the ¦ art; .'of "culinary
studies. v Here cooking:": utensils? were*
handled with a disregard to their fu
ture usefulness in ¦ the . diffusion '- of
knowledge. *. Cupboards I.were broken
open and materials a were' strewn'about
the. floor. • .'* The : timely \ arrival -of Po
liceman Thomas i Connolly "put' an end
to the boys^ f un ' and 5 f rbm " y the , school
house to the 'Southern \ police station
the scene '. was shifted. Their, next 'ap
pearance In % public 1 will ' be , before } the
Juvenile .Court.., It ' is fo f ew : days
since'; the* Starr ' King School, Jorij Bry
ant ; street, 1 iwas; entered ; arid ; consider
able damage done" by; vandals. -
Boys Climb Into Rooms of the Cook
ing Class; and Wreck
the Outfit.
TOUNG VANDALS BREAK
INTO FRANKLIN . SCHOOL
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla Is the
beit, perfectly pure, highly concentrated." •:
PREPARING. FOR A BANQUET.— The
members of the Immaculate Conception Acad
emy alumnae will meet next Sunday to make
nnal arrangement* for the banquet that will
be given on November 13 and also the can
tata "Mary Immaculate" on November 20. The
members are taking an active part and an
enjoyable time is promised.'
The Paraiso Springs are always open. •
Simon Wolf, president of the Order
of B'nal B'rith, who arrived Friday
night in the city, is being shown every
honor possible by his coreligionists.
He was the guest of honor -' at a
banquet Saturday night given by the'
members of the local organization in
the marble hall of the Palace Hotel!
M. H. Wascerwitz, granc". president of
the State organization, presided as
toastmaster and introduced the guest
of • the evening.
President Wolf, ; who is a brilliant
orator, spoke in an interesting way of
the progress made by the Jews of the
world, of their philanthropic work,
and of the important position they
had gained in the commercial centers
of the two continents. :> ; He also pre
dicted a greater future for those of
the Jewish faith and appealed. to. the
younger members of. the race to strive
harder for unity of purpose and unity
of principles. '. : Among '.the other speak
ers of the evening were: "Edmund
Tauszky, Hugo K. Asher, Rev. M. S.
Levy, Lucius L. Solomons and Otto I.
Wise.
• In the morning President Wolf ad
dressed a large gathering at the Tem
ple Emanu-El.. . .' :
Yesterday ¦ he was . . shown many
courtesies and was driven to some "of
the most Interesting points about 'the
city and its suburbs., A. grand recep
tion will be tendered President ¦ Wolf
this evening at Lyric Hall, when it ia
expected he will . deliver an'' address. ,
Members of the Order of B'nal B'rith
Entertain Their National
President.
SIMON WOLF IS GUEST
OF HONOR AT BANQUET
They permeate every portion of the
system and give it a'new lira and vigor.
Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. .•
"Bitter Cry of Outcast London, or a
Message From Whitechapel," . was the
subject of a sermon-delivered by. the
Rev. William Rader at the Third Con
gregational Church last evening.^ The
attendance' taxed the capacity of the
church and many were unable to gain
admittance. . -
'Mr. Rader said that; London is a
magnet, drawing to itself all sorts and
conditions of men. "If they were' to
pave. Petticoat Lane with gold to-day
It would be as bad to-morrow. In the
cry, is the voice of the unfit, who must
contend with the law of the survival
of "the fittest London is overstocked
with uninvited foreigners, who have
become a burden to the empire."
Says City Is Overstocked Wltti.For
| eigners "Who Are a Burden;.
on the Empire.
REV. W. RADER SPEAKS
OF. LONDON'S POOR
RUSH IT. Gabriel Println* Co.. "Print Any
thing.'! 419 Sacramento »t. Never disappoint. *
borough, J. E. McElroy, Nell Power,
Frank T. Shea, John Mott, Frank Ceri
nl, George A. Connolly, Hon. W11-,
Ham J. Wynn, J. B. Duggan, Daniel E.
O'Connell, Rev. Jerome Hannigan, Wil
liam J. Hynes, James A. Emory, Ben
jamin L. McKinley, Dr. Glannlni, Pro
fessor Artlgues, James Flannigan, R.
George Green, George - Clark, William
J. O'Connell, Dr. Milton, James R.
Keith, . Thomas Lundy, Dr. Thomas H.
Mortis, . Rev. T. J. O'Connell; Dr. Mor
risey, Thomas J. Welsh, Dr. J. Maher,
Hugh Hogan and James Gilmartln-
The visitors were met at the wharf
by the members of the new local coun
cil and two bands. After a parade
through the principal streets of the
town the Imposing procession marched
to St. Vincent's Church, where a high
mass was celebrated. The walls of
the sacred ediflce were decorated with
palms. The upright chandeliers were
twined with sxnilax and each was
adorned with a bow of red, white and
blue ribbons. The mass was sung by
Father Doogan. Father Netterville
was deacon and Father dlyne subdea
con. Father Driscoll delivered an elo
quent and impressive ' sermon. He
spoke of the benefits of organization
and exhorted his hearers never to
swerve from the path of rectitude, but
as the knights of old, be true knights
of modern society. Be a friend, he
said, to all mankind, irrespective of
creed or nationality, and show the
world that the era of knighthood has
not passed, ° but has only reached its
golden age.
The music was one of the features
of a very Interesting occasion, and was
rendered by the choir of San Francisco
Council, led by Rev. J. B. Hannigan,
while Professor Artlgues of California
Council was organist- Gounod's "Messe
Breve" was given with beauty and 1m
pressiveness, and Joseph J. Rosborough
sang "O Salutaris" as an offertory with
fine effect."
After mass .the visitors were served
with lunch at Eagles' Hall by the Cath
olic ladies of Vallejo. . A little later the
lfflcers elect of the new local' council
were installed in San Pablo Hall and
the organization instituted. :
St. Vincent's Council of Vallejo has
a charter list exceeding sixty. Its offi
cers are: ,P. B. Lynch, grand knight;
John Cunningham, deputy knight; J. J.
Stanley, chancellor; J. R, Whitaker,
financial secretary; J. J. Kennedy, war
den; F. A. McGlnley, recorder: F. J.
Fitzmaurlce, inside guard ; W. J. Tor
mey, outside guard; J.-T.-O'Hara, lec
turer; Rev.* W. A. •Netterville, chaplain;
trustees— J. "A.' Jones, Luke Burke and
W. H- McCrystal; Dr. J.- J.. Hogan, phy
sician; J. J- McDonald, treasurer;
Thomas Smith, advocate.
Degrees were conferred . as . follows:
The first by Neil Power, grand knight
of San ' Francisco ' Council -No.' 615;
Frank : T. " Shea, - deputy grand : knight;
John' Mott; chancellor, • and D.'-J. Shee
han, • warden. The second ; degree was
'conferred by J. ,.E. McElroy, V grand
knight of Oakland Council; No- "784, and
the third. by Joseph Scott, State depu
ty, assisted by Williain'Lennett and the
State degree team.- . , . ," .
The work' of instituting 'the " new
council ran' well Into the night and the
visitors* did not- leave ' here, on the
steamer Corcoran. until a late hour. On
the trip dawn a 1 banquet 'was ' served
on the steamejvfi@8£|)£
• Edward Olsen committed suicide by
taking: carbolic acid In the basement
of the Hotel St. Vincent, 390 Jones
street," yesterday afternoon. He had
been employed there as a window
washer. Miss Anne West, one of the
guests of the hotel, stated that he
had worked around there for/about
three weeks, and as he had no sleep-
Ing: place, Mrs. Marie Stone, the land
lady, had allowed him to sleep in the
cellar. - ¦ ,
Drinks Carbolic Add.
FORMER MATOB OK VAI^LEJO
CHO6EN HEAD OF ST. VINCENT
COUNCIL* KNIGHTS OF COLUM
BUS.
Bernard Hoffmann, night dark at th©
Alnslee apartment-house, 620 Turk
street, committed suicide early yester
day morning by drinking the contents
of a bottle, or bottles, of carbolic 'add.
Three empty 'bottles were found In his
room.' He telephoned to Mrs. Tread way
and Mrsi i Risman, who ' have apart
ments in the house, that he intended to
commit suicide.;. They thought he was
joking. Later .1 he' went, to their apart-'
ments, rang; the .bell, and when the
door was opened '> he fell unconscious
in the hallway. V. * y
The manager of the house called an
ambulance from the Central Emergency
Hospital, but before the hospital was
reached Hoffman had breathed his last.
Hoffmann was 26 years of age and his
parents live in Oil City, Pa. A dispatch
was sent to them, asking what disposi
tion they wanted made of the body. »
Friends of Hoffmann say that. he had
been drinking heavily. He ,told Mrs.
Risman early in the evening that he
had lost his position and he had only a
quarter left, which would buy his sup
per. . .
He had been, it is said, paying his
addresses tp -Miss ' Morton. ¦ 1637 Devisa
dero street. .She "called at \the Morgue
and wept bitterly -when she gazed upon
the dead body. She denied that there
was anything more than friendship be
tween them. She last saw him 'on Fri
day night, ' and from his manner she
never , thought he would commit sui
cide. . She . believes he must have been
crazy from drinking. He had been
promised a * good position in a few
days.
"While the road is being built a big
dock is under process of construction
at Corinto, which is one of the finest
land locked harbors on the Pacific
Coast. "When these improvements are
finished Nicaragua will cut an impor
tant figure in the trade of Central
America. The railroad will afford a
means of transporting a greater
amount of the banana product of the
republic to' the American markets and
will open up a valuable portion of the
country. The route is very level and
this will greatly facilitate the build
ing of the line. ! .
"Although the construction of the
Panama canal is giving the people of
Nicaragua little concern so far as pos
sible commercial competition is in
volved they will be less concerned when
their railroad is completed, ¦ for . then
they will have a means of their own
for handling freight across the conti
nent and I should not be a bit surprised
if they get a big share of it. They cer
tainly will until the canal is opened.
In all probability- the railroad .will en
ter into a traffic alliance with the Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company, but' as
yet no move In this direction has been
made."
Banker Solomon says Nicaragua is
now in a very prosperous condition,
thanks to the present administration,
which, he says, is doing everything
within its power to foster enterprises
and establish better trade relations
with foreign countries. From here
Banker Solomons will go to New Or
leans and from there return to Nica
ragua.
Among the recent arrivals at the St.
Francis Hotel is T- M. Solomons, . head
of a well known hanking firm of New
Orleans and Nicaragua. He is recog
nized as one of the most Influential
financiers of the Central American re
public, from which he has just come
with his wife on a pleasure trip. . Bank
er Solomons was mainly instrumental
in securing for the Nlcaraguan Gov
ernment a recent loan In this country
of $1,000,000, the most of which is to
be devoted to public Improvements in
the republic
"The principal improvement which
the Government Is planning,", said he
last evening, "is a cross country rail
road from San Ubaldo, on Lake Nic
aragua, to Monkey Point, on the At
lantic coast, a distance of about 110
miles, eighteen miles of the road have
already been oompleted and we expect
to have, the entire line ready for op
ration within eighteen months. The
Government has already purchased a
number of locomotives and rolling
stock and will order more as they are
needed. . . ' ''
T. M. Solomons Says Repub
lic Is Soon to Have a
Transcontinental Roaxi
Reason Given for Deed Is
Despondency, Caused by
Imbibing Too 3Iuch Liquor
BIG SCHEMES ON FOOT
TELLS FEIENDS OF ACT
President Zelaya's Confiden
tial Banker Is Paying a
Visit to San Francisco
¦'¦¦¦ I ... : f ¦ i .....-• ".- '¦'¦:.'¦'
Bernard; Hoffmann, Night
Clerk in Apartment House,
Swallows Carbolic Acid
DRINKS POISON
WHILE ON DUTY
RAISES LOANS
FOR NICARAGUA
• PICKPOCKET: IS , ARRESTED.— George , A.
Sheridan was, arrested yesterday .'afternoon at
the ¦. ocean beach ;' by ¦ Officers Dolan . and : . Col
lins and - placed on - the ' detinue book at ' the
City i Prison. He ¦, was • caught . la _ the act of
picking the pocket of a, pedestrian, r When first
seen t by ¦ the policeman I Sheridan had his - hand
In the man's pocket. He Is '& well-known
crook, and has many aliases.
"mu* LECTUHB OH NAPOLEON.— Tl»
•econd !««»« of t£« on*r«r»ttr otraston
eoune on •The Napoleonic Period." bow bela»
held by th* Mechanics' Institute, win b« de
livered to-nlcht at th« Mechanics' ParUlon Art
Gallery by Professor H. Morsa Stephens at the
State University. Th* last lecture concluded
with the beginning of Napoleon's Consulate.
To-morrow's lecture win deal with "Th« Wars
of the Consulate."
The California Theater has this
week Charles A. and Harry Lester
Mason, who, in their funny characters
of "Fritz and Snitz." keep their audi
ences In a continuous laugh. Having
a strong brotherly resemblance, it is
easy for them to make up to look
exactly alike,, and their roles of de
ceiving * the other players is natural
enough for. real life. A sprightly bal
let with songs and dances fill in the
spaces between the antics of Fritz and
Snitz.
Fischer's .Theater, gave its last per
formance last night. The manage
ment announces that it. will open
within a few. weeks with musical farce
comedy.
Fine Operatic Concert. ,
' Steinway Hall, was filled last night
with an enthusiastic audience that
listened to the operatic concert pro
gramme given under the direction of
Slgnor Gustavo Panlzza, who has for
many years conducted a school In this
city. . The chief - event of the even
ing was the ovation tendered Slgnor
Panizza, on his singing Cavatlna from
"Barbiere." This rendering was ; re
markable : owing to the fact that Slg
nor; Panizza is 7 7 . years old, and the
selection .a very difficult one. Signor
Avedano, .who . was . a ', tenor at the
Tivoli four years ago, .was also'onUhe
programme. The work of the, chorus
under Panizza called forth
much applause. • The other partici
pants were: , Miss ' Stella ] Mariana.
Miss '• Domeni ci ' (piano solo) , Signor
Fantoni,* * Slgnor. Almagla and Profes
sor^ Martinez,; accompanist.
• . • •
second concerts— though he was a lit
tle at outs In the harmonic deviltry.
One rather hoped for the Rles Per
petuo Mobile: for the encore, but some
one reached Mr. Kopta before me with
a reauest for ."The Cascade." Great
tun It Is, too, and was brilliantly given.
The Vleuxtemps "Balade et Polonaise
de Concert" closed Mr. Kopta's part of
the programme. The violinist was
cleverly and sympathetically accompa
nied by Gyula Ormay, whose work,
barring a bit of hardness and dryness
of tone, is entirely satisfactory.
Assisting Mr. Kopta was Miss Mande
Hohmann, soprano, a Californlan
singer, who made yesterday her debut
after some . years of Eastern study.
Miss Hohmann shows temperament in
her work, sincerity and modesty. Her
voice is good In quality and useful in
range. Nervousness doubtless .pre
cluded the best use of it yesterday, but
it is still evident that Miss Hohmann
has much to learn.. Her phrasing is
amateurish, her. shading curiously ex
aggerated, and her choice of songs net
wholly happy. The singer was at her
best in the dramatic Saint-Saens aria,
"My Heart at Thy Sweet Voice." but
the florid requirements of the Chami
nade "Summer" found Miss Hohmann
largely wanting, as also the lyric needs
of that charming lyric of Oscar Weil's
"Spring." ¦
With next Sunday afternoon begin
the Kopta Quartet concerts, with the
Sindlng Piano Quintet as piece de re
sistance.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
The warm place that Wenzel Kopta
holds in the likings of the fiddle loving
public was . happily evident yesterday
afternoon in the hearty reception that
greeted him at his recital at Lyric
Hall. The .hall was not so. full as it
might have been, but the crowd was
both musical and enthusiastic.
It is possibly fancy, but ? to me ; the
character of Mr. Kopta's playing seems
to have more of the classical quality
than when I last heard It. And why
not? Kopta is not the kind of violinist
to stand still and this development
is - perhaps likelier than another with
that fiery youth of fifty! I felt it in the
Bazzini concerts' that opened the pro
gramme, a dignified and dramatic
work that promises much to further
acquaintance. With the Beethoven P
major romance it seemed to me that
I was quite sure of it. Mr. Kopta gave
the little movement with a breadth
and poise that I do not remember him
before to have brought to a Beethoven
rendering. '
Of course he was at his most likable
In the romanticism of the Tschaikow
sky. Canzonetta, played with charming
fteling and again most happy in the
rather melancholy and bizarre Slavisch
Dance of Dvorak. That he has lost
none of his old fire was apparent In
the spirited Pagnini stuff— the adagio
and rondo (La Campanella) from the
Kopta's Recital Wins.
Two, certainly, of the new turns at
the Orpheum deserve place with Tech
ow's ; cats : and "Her Last Rehearsal,",
which arithmetic adds up the bill as
one -of the best of the season. The
Dumond Minstrels furnishes one of
them. This time the favorite trio
needs relntroduction. The lank and
rakish fiddler has disappeared and in
his place. is the daughter of Monsieur,
the guitarist, plump, contralto and
trousered like a gamin. Madamoiselle
was a little nervous last night, but
seems to promise, with her pretty and
prettily used voice and naive and
charminsr personality, , an attractive
third in the trio. They were, as usual,
lavishly applauded, Monsieur, the fid
dler, with his. Irish and Scotch songs,
receiving a handsome share.
The other turn in particular is that
of W. J. Sullivan and Clarice Pasque
lena in "A Newsboy's Appeal." The
sketch Is not another "Skinny's Fin
ish," nor are Sullivan and Pasquelena
quite a Joe Tucker and Eva "Williams,
but they'll do all right. Miss Pasque
lena's tough girl is probably a good
deal more like the real thing than Miss
Williams'. In fact it might be a little
less realistic with advantage. But the
thing is as vital as a snapshot and no
end funny- — though vulgar. Mr. Sulli
van sings — well, if . he were on the
musical comedy ¦ stage one would be
afraid of waking up. He has a pe
culiarly soft and pleasing tenor and
sings with nice feeling. v
The Harvey Comedy Company, in
"Wanted, a Groom," are also among
the new people. The sketch is well
acted and serves to amuse. Owley
and Randall break crockery in very
free-handed fashion in their juggling
act, which is rather original and com
ical.. Lewis McCord and his company
in "Her Last Rehearsal" have been
held over another week, with Jose
phine de Witt and Sinon and ¦ Paris
and you can still take your cat to see
Techow's. He- shouldn't miss them,
nor you the rest.
Performance Full of Good
Turns That Please tie
Audience— Other Theaters
"TOUGH GIKL" IS CLEVEE
Attractive Feature in w the
New Bill of Fun Produced
Last Night at Orpheuni
DUMOND TRIO
STILL POPULAR
THE ' SAN FRANCISCO G ALIi, MONDAY, OCTOBER ' 24, 1 904.
12
ADVERTISE3IEXTS. ¦
BDWEN
St CO.
New Goods Appiving
Plum pudding, rai-
sins, Smyrna figs,
chestnuts, spiced
figs, canned fruits and
vegetables.
Sweet Cider— Natural
apple juice, no acids gal 50
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
EggS-Cold Storaga doz 27^
Good for cooking
Tub Butter-Creamery lb 27#
Kona Coff ee-reg'ly 25c lb 20
Each sale Increases its popularity
ApricOtS— Evaporated, reg'ly 20c" lb 16
Laundry Soap-Home 8 for 25
Pure tallow stock, reg'ly 6 for 26c
CatSUp-Blue label, reg'ly 25c bot 20
Siepra Madpe olive
oil 9 especially recom-
mended for medicinal
purposes qt. 85
OySterS-Eastern sml doz 1.10
reg ly $1.20, $2.25 doz Ige 3 for 50
TomatOeS-Glass jar ; > 1 1 30
Solid packed, rej'ly 35c, $4 doz 3.50
Dainty ChipS-reg'lyS5c can 30
Nabisco Wafers-reg'iy 30c 25
Candy-French Mixed 35
Bon bons, chocolates 3 lbs 1.00
reg'ly here, 40c lb
Brushes — 40 varie-
ties—the kinds that
last and always give
satisfaction. -
Sardines-Imported, Judlc S cans 25
Horse Radish Mustard 2 for 25
reg'ly 15c bot
Smoked EelS-(Hamburger Aale)
reg'ly 30c, 50c can sml 22 }£, Ige 45
FruitS-Glass jars 35, 3 for 1.00
Peaches, pears, apricots, reg'y 45c qt jar
Maple Syrup-Hazen # gal 60
Pure Vermont sap, reg'ly 75c
Buckwheat- Delmonte 20
reg'ly 25c pkg
Chamois Skins
Prices advanced in
New York — Our stock
at old prices.
Sponges — AH kinds
for all purposes.
String Beans-Clear Lake 12#
reg'ly 15c % 1.60 doz , S 1.45
LentllS-German 3# lbs 25
Oyster Cocktail Sauce 20
Snider's, reg'ly 25c bot
Dundee Marmalade 22#
Seville orange, reg'ly 25c jar
Florida VVater-M. l. . 45
California wines and olive
oil stored in New York City,
direct delivery to your
friends and relatives.
Whisky-Old Mellow Rye 75 '
reg'ly $1 bot, $4 gal 3.00
Scotch Whisky-Distillers' Co., Ltd
Highland Club, reg'ly $1 bot 85
Caledonian Liqueur, reg'ly $1.35 1.00
CocktailS-Imperlal 90
6 kinds, ready to use, reg'ly $1.25 bot
Spanish Sherry-oid wine 1.15
PaleHarmonyreg'lyn.50bot,$6gal 4.50
Burgundy— Mt Vineyard - 65
Heavy body, reg'ly % 1 gal
Ginger AleTBeifast 1.35
Cochran & Co., reg'ly $1.50 doz
Amer Picon-reg'iyji.35 1.15
Port-California V. "30
reg'ly 40c bot, $1.50 gal 1 .10
DELICATE FEASTING
Holiday goods ar-
riving — look out for
something new. You
pay for the best hepe
— and get it.
' - ' -¦ - ' APVERTTSKMKNTS.
wC^S^- 2^ — -^-itff Co)
¦j^s*^ October 24
Special Sale of
SILK SKIRTS
Commencing to-day we will place on sale a large
shipment of BLACK, COLORED and PLAID SILK
SKIRTS. A; special purchase from a New York manufac-
turer, and will be sold at extremely low prices.
Black Taffeta Silk Skirts
35 dozen Black Silk Skirts — made of an extra heavy quality of
Taffeta, with a deep accordeon-pleated flounce, trimmed with two
rows of ruching, full size. Drii^o Q.CL i\fk Fa<th
Regular value $7.50. v PlICC $5.UU taCti
15 dozen Black .Silk Petticoats, made of a superior quality of
taffeta, with accordeon-pleated flounce, C A f\f\ t=~st%U
Worth $6.00. 5>4.UU LdCn
Moreen Skirts Dressing Sacques
25 dozen Black Moreen A splendid assortment of new
Skirts, made with Spanish flounce Challie, French Flannel and
dust ruffle, and strapped sateen Nan's Veiling Dressing Sacques,
bands — in pinks, blues, lavender and
<C1 OO Each fancv colorings—
Regularj^lue $1.50. Q
Golf Vests Eiderdown
We are showing a new and . T\ f\\^CkC
t complete line of Ladies' Golf . I\U UvO
* Vests and Sweaters, with or ?'A complete stock of the la-
without sleeves; also Norfolks; test styles in Eiderdown
can be worn with or without Robes, made of an extra quality
coats. All sizes and newest ripple eiderdown, in pink, blue,
colorings — rc d f gray and fancy colorings.
Prices $1 to $6 Each. Prices $3 to $11 Each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
During the last week we have received large shipments of fine
muslin underwear, ! comprising Gowns, Skirts, Chemises, Corset
Covers and Drawers, made of muslin, cambric and nainsook, trim-
med in the very, latest style, with embroideries and laces. .We have
marked , these goods at very reasonable prices.
NOTE— MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
GOWNS . , CORSETS
35 dozen fJO-rfrraA/M/YTt 7 w « *
Gowns, made *Wr ft * A* /V/y ,m W • w - B -» *
of a good J\/f^> l/kir*!^ ' O. P. D. J.
quality cotton • r V l/y£*£fj 'jLvTl B. » n 4
round and ¦ Bni^^ ¦ A 1 J O1ct» . fit-
high neck. J d3 Rrpo{ lA7>^ 1^ ? CtSWiLSYZ— tlnr Corsets
trimmed with P^*c,^*» ¦-¦.... la tha naw
fine embrold- XV9C g ||l|l TiHlfUfc J n3 °<l«I«- Prices
: « r y . a 1 s o Jrom
SfS'S 1 1 1 to 121 Post Street trio^
AT)v KKTfSKM H.M'IIB-
I
World's «^ o
Record |^f*1 rftC
Breaking^ A X\»«W3
Dinner Sets
China
Crockery
Glassware.
Ornaments
Prices never, so cheap
Need the room
New Holiday Goods
Come early
just to looK.
Great American Importing Tea Cq.
- . Money Saving Store.
1881 Mar k«t 213 Suttar 2733 24O» ¦
140 Sixth 210 Grant are 1419 Polk ¦
475 Haisht 1319 D«vlsad«r» 705 Larkin ¦
8285 Mission S006 Blzt*«nth 14« Ninth ¦
2008 PUlntor* 621 Mont^y ar« 353 Hay«s ¦
36« Third 251S Mission 52 Market H
• 489 ronrth 206 Third ' W
fff) Perfect Fitting (tj^ k
u> Eyeglasses ©
-x At Moderate Cost (\
¦ k sLjB^*^^^^^v\^T^^^^^^s»JSf^i>
H I give him his Meffin's . Food and
he sleeps ' til morning." How many
mothers can say this of their babies?
' If your baby does not sleep, well it
may be that he is not < properly fed.
A poorly nourished baby ia a poor
¦ sleeper. Mellin's Food babies axe
good sleepers. Our book the "Cars ft
Feeding of Infants," sent free of charge.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., . BOSTON, MA4&
/..^; n ' ADVERTISEMENTS. X
- ¦ ¦ • - ' ¦_ • • . > i V
t»o Make
'Jm3mfet±^^ Everybody
THESE DRUG VALUES - The
way the people took advantage of
&$¥ our s P ccial last week showed
• clearly that our prices were right.
JBHIlii Wk. This week we quote some more
jdSmwM. money-saving prices :
¦ . Kublfonn ....."..........••17c MUes' XTervls* .......... ..SOc
1 Iiola Mont es Crwne.....'... 58c Oaitoria ................ ..28c
I Capillarif ..... ........••••38c Bromo-Seltzer ............. .8c »
¦ " Bay Rum, regr. BOo size. ... .4Oc 1 txiTjd Shefflold's Dentifrice. 1
B Camelllne ......-• ..'-380 tube aiannlnr'a Dental Crcmm
I Enthymol Tooth B*«t«..'i.^l3c'. " ..................... ...25c
H Munyon's Paw Paw. ..... . . 80c \ English Sea Salts, rer. lOo, now
¦.'•¦¦..¦ Water Bairs, x«r. 65c, now. . 50c '3 for !';• ••'•¦••••'•• •"•'•• '.v'A25c'-;
B I^arsrest asaortment in the city of Trasses, Abdominal Support-
¦ ers. Electric BaUeries, 3 Jioulder Braces and Bilk Stocking*, at cut
¦ . rates. Our Photographic Department contains everytnlii? Is Pho- '
» toeraphy-- a free Dark Boom for our customer*.
1 SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO \ MAIL ORDERS. ;
INo-Percentage Drug Co,
1 949;95I Market Street
¦ -The Largest Cut-Rate Drug Store on the Coast
I " ; - * "; Phone: ; - ; South,75i^-;- ; i : :;'*^'. J