SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; OCTOBER 29. 1904.
Young Girl Puts Poison
in Family's Food.
Tragedy in Jackson
Home Is Averted
by Prompt Action
TWO CHILDREN EAT
DEADLY MIXTURE
Rose Hollsworth's
Insane Act Lands
Her Behind Bars
ROSE HOLLSWORTH, a 1 6-year old servant girl, is in prison, accused of
having attempted to poison the family of Harold F. v Jackson, -at 2658
Market street, Thursday^ morning, by pouring carbolic acid into the bottles
of milk and cream. Two children partook of pancakes into which poisoned
milk had been mixed, but prompt use of antidotes saved their lives. The
servant had no reasonable motive and it is believed that her mind is unbalanced.
r Aqdltton«llyar}yp^i|o£fBSie|»:
succeeded ?by fc Harriman i,menl . Victor
Morawetz.fchairma^bfjthesbdard/lwill
dec i d e whemthe 'meeting will . be called.
Married; in , AVorld's \ Fair '.City.
w ST. LOUIS. - Oct.; 28.^-Peter . Claudius
and , Charlotte / Brueck. V both",; I of : ¦ San
Francisco, j were married : . to-day- In -. this
dtv:v^RH|fini IlilllJMMMfflilBteaaiMWWHi
PUEBLO, :: Colo.. " ;Oct.' 2S.-^-Informa
tions were filed' to-day, by District At
torney Low charging. Mrs. N. E. Brown
arid Mrs." H. y P. Hall with illegal.regis
tration. J"John' A.I ; Martin, Democratic
candidate for State Senator," swore that
he "saw . the , two '. women ' register. In sev
eral j voting precincts. ' TheyV have * not
been arrested and are reported to h*vu
fled from the city.
Democratic Candidate 'for State Sen
' ator Says Fair Offenders Entered
Names* In Several Precincts. *¦
' TOPEKA," Kans.^ » Oct. • 2 8.^-rIt ; is un
derstood*, that ' E. ; H." ; Harriman ', will be
represented j on)" the • Santa' Fe board ;' of
directors ; after, all. -\ He -did not]suc
ceed 1 in: controlling \the* meeting* of
Btock^older¥lresterday^but r showedjiis*
biiidvto^such|ariiextentHh'atjit;isjriow^
announced ?that ithreeTpf». the | directors
will rrMlgnlat^theTj meeting, :tb).be f held
'iri^NewpYorkfearlyTriext month and be
II arrlnian ; Falls to Secure Control, but
31 anif estg'-Sufflclent' Strength to Give
."": \" •*, Him' '.Voice'; in; Management.
Secretary 'of f War \ Will Accompany
\ Canal ' Com'n lisa loners _ to * Panama '
-. ; on Navy Cruiser. ;—
NEW, Y6*Rk/'Oct. r ,28.-^brders were
receiyed^at : ; ; the ,; Brooklyn ? navy, yard
froriv"theTi Navy '. Department "; to-day I to
fit Columbia ; for f sea; at
once ito^ carry- Secretary : of; War; Taft
and '.the* Panama Commission" to' Colon."
COLORADO WO3IEN, CHARGED
- WITH IliJEGAIi REGISTRATIOX
WILL BE REPRESENTED ; . v>
v : ONiSANTArFE BOARD
taft will; hoist; his
: '¦'¦ FLAG : ON THE "... COLUMBIA
: CHICAGO, Oct. t - 2 8.— Av comprehen
sive subway system for Chicago will be
started before April, < 1 9 06,^ according
to Alderman" J. Foreman, chairman; of
the ', 'Transportation :' ; Committee* of i the
City'i Council: Thef system/ as outlined
.by Foreman.; in' an address lit 'the I Real
Estate Board banquet,' will extend fas
far ¦ south i V as '. Twelfth 'street^ as ' : i far
north • as 'Chicago -avenue "arid 'as**far
west -as Halsted^ street^, V The- subway,
willaccommodate through trafflc.1 Sur-^
face .!cars~ will I continue ; to; carry " local
traffic.; A''furidfof 'j^.'oOO.OOOjispbri'
hand L for ; the ¦ beginning fof the \ work/
System -Will Be ."->mprehensive_ and
Building; Fund of; $2,000,000 Is
Already on Hand. •
CHICAGO MAY. 5 SHORTLY
BEGIN ' WORK . ON SUBWAY
MISSOULA, Mont., Oct. 28.— K. • F. W.
Beeskove, better - known, as "Coyote
Bill," : one of ; the most •: prominent of
Western, Montana backwoodsmen and
prospectors, after having been' married
five; times has 'instituted ; a divorce suit
against his present "wife, Mary,* and de
spite '< the j fact 'that: the : issue • of the di
vorce action ¦ has ; not ; been 'decided ¦ Bee
skove has inserted "an ad vertlsemerit for"
b.j helpmate ; inr a . Chicago ', matrimonial
publication,' known fas -the "Heart: and
HandJiagJH . , -¦:-¦ . ;
"Coyote Bill*? of Montana, a Busy
1 .. v< --Husband.
K. F. XV. Becskoye, Better. Known as
years. He - was * elected _ Governor - of
the - State- in > 1900 ,"arid_held "that posi
tion until a "few* months ago. :
DIVORCES FIFTH WIFE AND
ADVERTISES 'FOR ANOTHER
PITTSFIELD, Mass.. pet. 28.— The
country residence in this /city of : Mr.
and Mrs. John McCarthy of New York
City was "robbed yesterday afternoon
or last night before 9 o'clock of $10,
000 in jewelry. Th^ robbery was not
discovered until about i half-past nine
o'clock last night, \when : Mrs. Mc-
Carthy went -to her. room- and -found
the small box. which- she used for a
jewel case, open and all of its con
tents gone. She immediately notified
the police and detectives were sent to
the McCarthy house. They, were un
able to find a clew.-
1 When the rush hour schedule went
into effect to-day everything; In > the
subway was in ' perfect v order and the
big '- downtown-bound crowds were
handled with little trouble.
NEW. YORK, „ Oct--28.— The first
serious accident since the formal
opening of -the subway occurred to-'
day, when ; : a . young woman named
Sadie Lawson of Jersey City fell .be
tween the platform and a local train
at the . Fourteenth-street station and
was badly crushed. She < has a frac
tured hip and of a more or less
serious nature, but, will recover. ; :•
Falls Between Platform and Train
and Is *Badly Crushed, but
Will Recover.
: He* wa"s V long 'active - in : Republican
State '-'politics,' ! ; acting jasjehairmah; of
the' State Central Comiriittee" for many
' COLUMBUS,' Ohio, Oct. 28.—For
mer? Governor ; George Kilborn Nash
dropped .dead i in ; his bathroom' to-day.
His death was ¦ due ] t to heart failure.
He • was T ; 6 2 Jy ears "of age. .
'A' Governor," Nash '.was, born . in : York
Township,"/ Medina'. . County, Ohio, in
184 2.', ; He \ was . educated } at -;» Western
Reserve University; arid, OberUn, Col
lege^ :' Shortly, "after his admission to
the bar he -became editor of the Ohio
State Journal^- V*. ;, .
.:/¦. In 1879 ; hej: was Selected to : the 'office
of * Prosecuting /Attorney > for c Franklin
County.: 5 He^served % in i that capacity
untilvl882J- v : y >
¦¦l ; The', following .year j, he ; was ap
pointed "l Judge); of -i the » Sup'reme , Court
of Ohio. Hej held ; this for two
years; : : ;:J- ;v-.: ¦ .-.-- •''/¦¦ -\-':'-\ '--'].'¦¦¦ ; . :
Special Dispatch, to' Th« CalL
YOUNG WOMAN INJURED
IX NEW ; YORK'S NEW SUBWAY
BiecM L)isease ±Lnas L/ife : of
¦".; Governor.
Ten Thousand Dollars'
Worth Stolen From
Private Home.
ROBBERS MAKE
A LARGE HAUL
IN JEWELRY
ROME, Oct. 28.— Prince Yonagchan
min, special Korean envoy accredited
to France, has arrived in Rome asVthe
bearer of a letter from Emperor Yi-
Heunjj to the Pope. He had an inter
view with Cardinal Merry, Del Val,
Secretary of State, yesterday, and was
received in audience to-day.
The letter requests the Pope to inter
est , nations, especially the Catholic
powers, in j the protection of the integ
rity of • Korea at the ] conclusion of the
war. ': •'-' , '
Contlnued on Page" 3, ." Col uinn 6.
"The ; other " little girl, ' Catherine
Pratt, whose -mother, keeps a- bakery
downstairs, had- spent the night , with
Hildagard. ;* She. is/only! six years of
age. She ate three cakes. The chil
dren [ then began .' to . complain ; of .. burn
ing i sensations : and • Mrs. Jackson, . be-
"Mrs. . Jackson accuses me of this
awful thing and I won't stand It," said
the girl in indignation. A moment later
there was a humorous remark and her
pretty brown eyes were instantly alight
with innocent laughter arid dimples
played merrily.
"Some" one must have placed the car
bolic acid in the milk and cream •while
It was standing on the doorstep in the
morning, for I found the tops [ re
moved." ehe continued. "Mr*. Jackson
herself cooked the pancakes, while! I
tended her baby. Her nine-year-old
daughter. Hlldagard. complained that
the. cakes were green and the mother
told her she was becoming too" critical
about her food. Hildagard then re
marked that Ehe detected the odor of
carbolic. acid, but she ate four of the
pancakes after her mother speke'to her
sharply.'
IS SEST FOR ' ANTIDOTE.
The perverted mind of a child— a six
teen-year-old servant girl, whose name
Is Rose liollsworth — conceived a crude
plot to poison the family of Harold F.
Jackson at 2C58 Market street at break
fast Thursday morning, but two little
girls who first partook of the pancakes
In which carbolic acid had been mixed
were at once given antidotes and no
harm was done.
Last night the accused child sat on
a bench in the City Prison with twitch-
Ing brow and stoutly and steadfastly
denied the charge of attempted mur
der. She was ready with answers, but
her stories lacked plausibility. The
police are convinced that ehe is de
ranged and she is tcf be examined by
the Lunacy Commission to-day.
"Why Bhould I want to kill the fam
ily, why should I want to put those
dear little girls to death?" asked the
young prisoner. There was no answer.
Indeed, a motive for her strange act is
what the police have searched for In
vain.
Sp<>clal Cable to The Call and New » York
HeraUl. Copyright, 1004, by the New York
Heraid Publishing Company.
SDCTEEX-TEAR-OLD GIRL, WHO ATTEMPTED TCPOISOX MEMBERS OF THE
FAMIL.T BY WHOM SHE WAS EMPLOYED AND TWO CHILDREN WHO
, PAKTOOK OF FX)OD CONTAINING CARBOLIC ACID.
immediately agreed to a postponement
of the ¦ wedding? and .insisted on the
fullest investigation of himself and his
family. » He ihas also - set on .-foot &
searching :, inquiry : to . find, . if , possible,
the author of the anonymous communi
cations. *
Special Envoy Carries
Emperor's Letter
to Pontiff.
AID OF POPE
IS SOUGHT BY
KOREA'S RULER
GEORGE K. NASH OF BUCKEYE
STATE DROPS DEAD.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— The
marriage- -of - Nicaraguan
Minister Senor Luis F.
. Corea to Mrs. Hah Dunlop
Jordan • of Macon, Ga., which was
scheduled for, next Tuesday, has been
suddenly - and indefinitely postponed.
Rumor! of : a rupture between Mrs. Jor
dan and Senor Corea, current in dip
lomatic corps to-day, was stoutly de
nied: " v
Senor Corea returned last night from
a visit 1 to his fiancee and the change
of plan was announced to-day, -It was
learned late to-night that- anonymous
letters played an important part in the
postponement of the' wedding. These
letters are - said to have been sent to
Mrs." Jordan. • Among accusations they
contained was one stating that the
Minister already 'had: a wife living in
Nicaragua and another, that he had
negro blood in his'^veins. ; - -
¦When the 'of these letters
was made known to \ Minister Corea he
Special . Dispatch to The Call
0tlx^ftidus Si :;B0ng
Iroufyle to yfytQWtM*
WILL NOT MARRY UNTIL
REPUTATION IS CLEARED
The day -was an, eventful one. in "the
metropolis. The • population, '4 stirred/! by
flaring.- headlines in the'^ morning > news
papers, seemed, convinced ihat; war
was ; inevitable^ The '^Cabinet; meeting,'
which ; was) held (at noon, > served to : in
crease ratheflthan* allay . anxiety.
;".,Thi^ugh"out^;the";<rount^/t"there had
spread :a : deep-rooted \ though perfectly^
erroneous idea ; that "Great Britain'; had
given j Russia^ a limit iinx which to
reply '<? and ?. that '¦ "Charley" /¦ Beresford,
England's: naval? idol.%' was".- on- the"spoC
Marijv' indeed," thought; it ; was only 4 a
question ; of? hours would? be
derriolishin g f: Russian \ ships;: : Without
the;tleastj^national \ for ;yvar, ;^ a^
great ; naval ";eici tement K had 'been -work- ;
ed : up.;^In^ the 4 streets^ to-night £ many J
expressions of disappointment might be ;
heard t because fvthef^crisls / had ; not "de-;
?veloped| into » h"ostilUiesK ; .' :^lsJ ; niirely^
voiced >th*etopl5i.onYof.jthe|thoughtless,1
which! comprised; a]^bnjlderabIe;|Bectlon'
'of I the V public.'; .^Noj' f urther^ cliff eYerices :
areXexpected.,:.^* ";".'•".¦; ''. :
Preliminary, to this court, said Bal
four. there, would be a Coroner's inquest
at Hull over the | dead fishermen, , a
Board of Trade' Inquiry and an- inquiry
by Russian officers at Vigo. The Board
of Trade inquiry' would be* specially
constituted byi the British Government
to include -representative^ men. T The
Russian; embassy had 'been, asked % to
send a representative ;' arid give " assist
ance. [ Apology* arid Icoriipensatioir: hav
ing already 1 been offered, ; nothing^ now
remained , but * to • determine .which '; ac-,
count* :was> correct— Rojestvensky's or
the trawlers'. ., Vv.
Balfour] plainly- said that Thursday
evening - Russia : and Great Britain
seemed Ito be on ithe brink of , war,; and
yet gave the frankest praise to the at
titude preserved ; throughout -by - the
Czar \ and the \ I Russian v Goverriment.
While the' Prernier .was .unableto praise
the pacific attitude of Government
too * highly,' he bitterly assailed i Roiest
vensky's \ report, ; declaring that it" was'
an irisul t to'Great Britain 'as a neutral
nation/and he\ ridiculed Its 'probability.*
' The imrnense audience received '< Bal
f bur's : announcement .of ; . the , settlement
of /the affair ; with' unbourided'henttiu
sla8m. ¦ ._ '¦ '¦-. /¦ ' ¦' ¦•\^:"''T:
Balfour said that fhis arrangement
was not an arbitration; It was. the con
stitution, of an, international commis
sion in order to find out the facts. Any
person found guilty would be tried and
punished, The. Russian
Government undertook that precau
tions would be taken to guard against
recurrence of such incidents! . Special
Instructions on 'this subject would be
Issued. ; -.-.''.*• * ¦ -.-"¦' ; '
. Premier Balfour, speaking atameet
ihg of.jthe National Union of Conferva-,
tive ; Clubs/ at: . Southampton;: to-night,
brolce'rthe" silence; which -'has ;_b~een rso
lohg*'j>res<*rved'; *yn4rj hi1&~kr^ght^hft :
people Cof - the -United?" Kingdom f to ,*;a
condition - of- almost*'' desperate rirrlta
tipn, : • arid had : given rise tp misconcep
tions | which , Half our j to-night
"The Russian Embassador, *.',-. said
Balfour, "has authorized a statement
to ¦ the t following "effect: The Russian
Government, on hearing of the' North
Sea incident, at once expressed 'its
profound regret" and also promised
most' libsral compensation. • The Rus
sian Government' has ordered- the de
tention at y<go*- of that part of j the
fleet which; was. concerned in the;inci
dent, in order that the naval
ties might ascertain what officers, were
responsible • for ? it; that those officers
and any, material, witnesses >' Would • not
proceed : upon ; the voyage to , the ,< Far
East; that inquiry would be Instituted
into the facts by an International com
mission, as ¦ provided by The Hague
convention." ' '; - .
LONDON, Oct. 28.— War : between
Russia' and Great Britain has ;'; been
averted, and the settlement of. the only
points in ¦dispute -regarding the attack
by the Russian- second , Pacific - squad
ron on, British ; . trawlers on October .21
has been, referred to, an •international
commission under : The Hague ': conven
tion.' hj> :.. . Yl :,'¦-¦ v' . ¦ „: '¦.'¦:">'-¦¦
Aflfoir of Trawlers
to Be Settled by
Commission.
"Now that the Supreme Court has
ruled that the Mayor has no veto au
thority on proposed amendments, but
that they could , not go on the ballot
for, the coming election, we" thought th«
way was clear to have a special elec
tion on all the twenty- two amend
ments.' The Mayor could not exercise
any authority In "opposition, ' the Su
preme Court had assured us.
"But if the Election Board cannot
supply the funds that settles the whole
matter. I suppose. It would be utterly
impossible; for the ; Supervisors to use
any money L which* has been set aside
for; other purposes. ' As to our emer
gency fund of $36.000, 1, will say that it
will be impossible. to use a cent of It
for s an ; election. The whole fund is
about: spoken, for. already."
Registrar Adams was equally posi?
tive that there would be no money
available in the elections department.
AH, the. money allowed it in the budget
will be needed for, the regular expenses.
The next budget must now.be await
ed .and the contemplated special elec
tion postponed until after July 1, 1903.
The matter of policy, must also be
considered and It is not unlikely that
there will be no voting on the amend
ments till the general election In No
vember of next year.
True, as President Roncovierl of the
Board v of Education, who urgently
wants to have the provisions as to the
schools amended, pointed out to the
Supervisors yesterday, the law is man
datory on them to call a special elec
tion when the petitions . are filed. But
Roncovlert did not vouchsafe any In
formation as to how a special election,
costing $12,000, can be held when the
treasury is bare of an overplus.
""We were awaiting the decision of
the Supreme Court with the intention
of giving the matter of calling a special
election serious attention after the tri
bunal should "have laid down the law
to us hTthe Harrison suit," said Super
visor D'Ancona, "and It was our idea,
of course, that the Election Commis
sioners had money on hand with which
to pay the cost "of the election. The
most serious question to us was wheth
er or not it was good policy to hold a
special election. There was good argu
ment that the proposed amendments
could wait until- the next* general
election.
THOUGHT COURT CLEARED WAY.
The movement toward hastening the
changes in the city's organic law has
been taking deep root, and the Super
visors have been seriously considering
the matter of calling a special election.
There was keen disappointment in some
quarters because the twenty-two
amendments could not be submitted to
the voters at the coming election and
some have urged that the expense of a
special election was regarded as justifi
able.
Now comes the Election Board with
the positive assurance that it has not a
cent to spare. The funds set aside by
the Supervisors in the budget for the
department will all be needed for the
regular elections.
The Commissioners suggest that the
Supervisors may use their emergency
fund, the total of which was $36,000, if
'they. are, bent on having a. special elec
tfonv- But "there are already more de
mands on that precious little fund than
can be met, declare the Supervisors.
In undignified parlance of the City
Hall, the Board of Supervisors and the
Board of Election Commissioners have
been "passing the buck" to each other
£h'e past few days. The matter has en
gaged their attention earnestly, and the
outcome resolves itself into the steru
fact that there can be no election be
cause of lack of money to pay the cost.
MUST AWAIT NEXT BUDGET.
There win be no special election
daring the present fiscal year on the
proposed amendments to the charter.
It would cost about $12,000 to hold
such an election and nowhere In the
financial system of the municipality
Is there a cent available* for the par
pose.
war /s averted
Supervisors Thought There War-No
Question on This Point, butReg
. isfrar Surprises Them.
England Agrees to
Terms Proposed
hv G72F
Special Dispatch to The CalL
BUTTE, Oct. 28.— In a signed
statement to the public F. Au
gustus Heinze denies having
. turned over . his ' interests ' to
Amalgamated Copper and, replying to
Thomas W.( Lawson's statement and
offer/ to : distribute $1,000,000 among the
Butte | miners if Heinze can disprove
the statement, offers to wager $250,000
with Lawson that he can show con
trolling, interest in the United Copper
Company. Heinze's statement is as
follows: . . • V . ~
"I am too 'busy a man to be called
upon to answer such wild statements
as these , emanating from Mr. Thon" As
"W. Lawson of Boston and men of /his
class, butl am still "ready to prove my
sincerity to the people of Montana and
to do so I am ready to \ ignore the
source from which such statements Is
sue, and in reply to Mr. . Lawson's as
sertion that I,- have lost control of* my
mining properties in . Butte, I hereby
offer' the following . proposition to Mr.
Lawson: ; -
"I will post a forfeit of $250,000 in any
reputable, bank in Butte City, to be
used to build and maintain In . the
State of ; Montana a" home ~,,l or indigent
and disabled union'men if I do not pro
duce in the city of Butte, before a com
mittee composed of five gentlemen, one
each appointed- by r the Miners' Union,
the'Mlll arid' Smelter Men's Union, the
Stationary. .Engineers'. Union,- the
American Federation of Labor and the
American Labor Union, proof of my
control of the ! stock of the UnltedCop
per Company, provided Mr. Thomas
W. Lawson of Boston posts a like sum
in the same place, binding himself to
forfeit the" same, to be used 'for the
purpose named. If I do not produce the
stock -hereinbefore referred to."
Tnorrias W. Lawson to-night makes a
rejoinder- to Heinze's offer to wager
$250,000. He refuses to "go up against"
what he declares is a scheme on the
part of Heinze and Amalgamated Cop
per Interests to deliberately bunko him
out of $250,000 through enabling Heinze
to borrow for the time being enough
United Copper certificates to show con
trol. ¦-¦•¦.. -
Heiijze is branded as a "cheap chap,"
with whose . nefarious work * Lawson
says he will take no chances. He re
iterates his offer to distribute $1,000,000
among the miners if Heinze can dis
prove any of his assertions. -
The Commissioners Hare
No JMoney Available
lor Purpose.
Charter Amendments
Stalled '.by Lack
of Funds.
RUSSIA'S
OFFER IS
ACCEPTED
Claims He Is Still Copper King
Butte Capitalist Offers tc>
Wager $250,000.
SPECIAL
ELECTION
IMPOSSIBLE
LAWSON ANGERS HEINZE
The San Francisco Call.
Forecast made I at San' Frsadcco for
thirty hours ending midnlrht, Oc
tober 29: San Francisco and
vicinity — Cloudy Saturday, beoom
ln»f unsettled at nlfcht; fresh south
east winds. A. G. McA DIE.
District Forecaster. Z
THE 'WEATHER.
- THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR — "The -"Wilderness."
CALIFORNIA— "Frit* aod'Snits."
CENTRAL^-"Paul Kauvar."
COLUMBIA— "San Toy."
CHUTES— Vaudeville - v
GRAND — "Arlxona." /
MAJESTIC — "When We "Were Twenty-
One."
ORPHEUM— VaodeTUle.
TTVOLI-r-VDar Rwtelbtnder."
Matinee* at All Theaters To-day.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 151.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.WATCH COUNT
ON NIGHT OF
THE ELECTION
-A '.Guaranteed "Cure for Files.
'- Itching,' Blind. Bleeding Prptrodini* Pllei.
Tour druggist wftl refund money if'PAZO OtN'T-
To Cure ] a Cold in One ; Day
Take • Laxative , Bromo ; Quinine . Tablets, Ail
<5rjprl«j refund the money If it " falls to cure.
£. W. < OroTe't sign&tur* lira each boa. 35^*
Chosen as Republican Candidate ., for
' - ; t Mayor of Los Angeles. 1 '
: " LOS ANGELES/-: Oct. "-- 2 8.~The ¦ R<£
publlca"h CitylConventioh to-dajr horni
riated' Owen : MkAleer as Us candidate
for Mayor;:. TherV was a" warm contest
betweeh\;McAleer-'an'd*S.*iA.:."Butler,'
yrho had' been'seiected : by""a pbmrhittee
of '-} leading ? Republicans * to > h'ead •/ the
ticket,-. but'i McAleeY won ; but on the
nrst;bailot,^l8B to 31Br " [ ; / : ' ( "
" r HThe~5 Democratic v convention will
meet' tOrmorrowV~:lt;is conceded that
Mayor'Snyder will .be "renoniinated. -
McALEER IS NOMINATED.
abAtthe commerce of this country, because
I:know It will Interest you. The United States
exports, more goods to foreign lands than any
other country on the globe, yet tht fact stands
that less than nine per cent of' these goods Is
carried away. from our ports In American ships.
This ¦ Is a deplorable fact and the Republican
party purposes remedying It. Prior to I860
our. ships carried a majority' of . the cargoes of
the : world, . but they dwindled away until ¦ now
we arc paying foreign nations millions of dol
lars , every • year to carry our exports • to the
world's, marts. Not,.one dollar of .this money
ever comes back to the United States, and we
are going to reverse this condition. " ¦:
There is a. strong plank in the Republican
platform for the upbuilding of , the American
merchant marine.' and one that will bring mil
lions . of -dollars annually . to American • ship
owners. When Congress reconvenes, the com
mission appointed by it to devise a way to
unbuild the American- merchant marine .will
report, and a bill will be. drafted. This will
mean a great era of prosperity to the cities of
California and' particularly.' to San Francisco,
where there are some of the. finest shlp-bulldlng
plants in the world. They! will have all they
cat* " do ¦ then -. building - new » ships ' for • Uncle
gam." -—,,¦• . :¦ .-,> .- •' - • . : :. _¦ - ¦
•Mr. : Kahn -then -touched ..-upon the
Philippine \ questloniVdef ending the pol
icy: of, the V Republican 1 party in the re
tention of the islands^ ; and then ' turned
his attention to . the . rural postal s deliv
ery^ service -that had ,-been - inaugurated
by the for • the benefit "of
the farmers of the naticm. : - He pointed
to -this* as fan evidence of , ; progress ; for
which the Republican party stands and
as eyldence-Uhat in ¦ ..the" future? It {will
labor for., the benefit of all .the people.'
There was\a rousing Kahn meeting
at Pioneer Hall last evening. Frank
P. Flint of Los Angeles, candidate for
United States Senator, was the prin
cipal speaker of the evening, and his
frank, earnest style raised the enthu
siasm of the audience to a high pitch.
Joseph Goddard, to whom campaign
ing is an old story, was the chairman
of the evening and he handled" the
crowd with skill. Mr. Flint was the
first speaker introduced and the cheers
of the audience demonstrated his popu
larity. After thanking the audience for
the flattering reception accorded him,
Mr. Flint said: ' -\ \ "
I am not 'going' to wait until I am about to
conclude my speech before calling your at
tention to the necessity of electing the Re
publican legislative candidates In this district,
but by way of Introduction I am going to ask
you to support and to vote for Prank- A.
iiarkey for tho Senate and John A. Cullen for
the Assembly: • The • next Legislature will be
called upon to lend Its aid in- carrying out
the . policies 'of the great Republican party,
and to do this we must have Republicans ln
power. - 1 know your candidates and know that
they are true Republicans and can be depended
upon ln every emergency. These men' are en
titled to your support and I know they' will
receive it. '. - > , .
Now. as to the Issues of the national : com
pa»fen: Imperialism, ¦ so called, our friends the
Democrats -seem to have singled out as the
lone Issue B'orthy , of the name. Imperialism
moans empire. Our- beloved McKlnley, they
said, • favored Imperialism, but not even they
dared to put the true Interpretation on the
term, and accuse him of ' seeking an em
peror's crown. Nor had , they the less right
to say it of-McKinley than they have to say
it' of Roosevelt, for ln his- every, political act
he has been .Republican and American.
FALSE INTIMATION.
Empires are maintained by the mailed fist,
and who can say that our army, I made up of
your boy and mine, would lend Itself to the
maintenance of an empire.' When the Demo
crats make, this intimation they know they
make false intimation, and it is only political
extremity that drives them to such deeds.
Now, • «is' to the trusts:' The Republican
party, is "doing more ; to-day to ¦ regulate- the
trusts .than was ever. done In the history of
the Government: ¦ Measures to regulate the
trusts were in - force during. Cleveland's . ad
ministration (they were passed by a Republi
can Cortgress'and signed by Benjamin Harrison,"
"a Republican President), . but what did Cleve
land <io to carry them into operation? He did
nothing. The ¦ election of, William McKlnley.
however, put . these /laws Into operation, and
steadily the work goer on to crush out organi
zations that seek to destroy competition.
Parker, the Democratic standard bearer, 'has
said that -the; laws: now on the -books. and .the
common law are sufficient to stamp out every
trust -in America. This may be so, but- we
say . that • if they are , not ¦ we . will pass > more
laws until they are stamped "out. Parker's ex
pression evidences the fact that' were he Presi
dent < he would s be paisl ve . in his effort, if , he
made one, to regulate tho trusts. . tfot 80"the
Republicans. .Their; record. and their promises
show that . they.', will < be- active : In <¦ the fight
against the trusts that under Republican prose
cution'are disappearing. from. the. land.;- '
Mr. :Flint was followed * by 'John ?D,
Glsti, Frank A.- Markey, • "Republican
aiid'Union . Labor. nominee" for the Seh :
ate -in the >- Seventeenth . District; ¦' John
A*. Cullen, Republican und Union Labor
nominee for the Assembly in the Twen
ty-ninth, and William J. V Mlndhaih;'
Republican and Union : Labor rionii nee
for; the 'Assembly- in >/i the' • Twenty
eighth. ~ : ..-." ¦ ' :;...>:¦ '¦ . "
: : : As ; Mr. \ Mindham > concluded, hit t- ' ad
dress Julius Kahn entered •. the hall. He
was cordially • received. ' Without delay
Mx.Y Kahn took ¦' up. the r issues ; of the
campaign, saying ; lnv part: :>.?T -^ £3
To-night I am going- to aay something to y» u
Julius Kahn
and F. P. Flint
Are Cheered
hereto, which I have the honor to request may
be given .promptly.
"Hoping to know you personally In a short
time and to Doable to dt> you official favors."
This report -was a grossly improper one for
a man- in your position to make of a post
master and your letter certainly Implies that
favors may be given or withheld In th« discre
tion of the man making the request.
The postmaster at Portage, accord-
Ing to Secretary Loeb's letter, declined
to make the arrangement proposed
and Miss Tyner was transferred to
Chicago and the position she held'at
Portage abolished and no appointment
to the vacancy made. The letter con
tinues: • . .
It appears clear that you were keeping your
daughter In the postal service simply for the
sake of Riving her the salary, and that when
she did not occupy the position It was not
deemed necessary to fill it at all; and you
actually called the attention of the postmaster
at Portage to this* fact in order to Induce him
to retain your daughter, pointing out to him
that, as actually happened, he . would . lose
the appropriation for the position . unless he
acted as you desired.
On April 8 of the same year you wrote to
the postmaster at Ware, Mass.. requesting
that he appoint one Cora Watson as a cleric
in his office on condition that he was pro
vided with an allowance to pay her salary.
In this letter you, the law official of the Post
office Department, deliberately Instructed the
postmaster to violate the, law by appointing
Cora Watson in the Ware potstofflce, where
her services were not needed. The furtlveness
of your action ' 1? shown by this statement
in your letter to the postmaster:.
"You can do as you wish about giving out
the Impression that she Is there as a repre
sentative of the postoffice to assist In the es
tablishment of free delivery. It is only frank,
however, to say that she 1* not a postofnee
expert."
It was not a.bona fide appointment, but one
designed Improperly to get Miss Watson In
the classified service. . When the Postmaster
objected ynu assumed an offended tone in your
letter to him of April 14, asking him why h?
wished so much "ceremony" and why be was
"timid" in the matter, assuring him that the
appointment was proper and correct and war
ranted by law, because you were the law* ad
viser not only of the Postoffice Department,
but of the entire Postal Service. -and yet you
could not possibly have been Ignorant that the
transaction was an illegal one. ¦
For the reasons ..above set -forth, the-Presi
dent regrets to hare to state to you that he
cannct comply with yoor' request. The ques
tion of your guiU on the criminal charge, on
which you were tried having been passed upon
by a Jury, the President: of course, acquiesces
tn Its findings; but the evidence seems to him
overwhelming that you were guilty either, of
moral ' obliquity ln ¦> the ' performance of your
duty, or of the grossest - Inefficiency. * Very
truly yours. . WILLIAM LOEB JR.,
_ ' Secretary to the President.
Mr. Tyner to-night issued 'a state
ment to the public, In which he af
firmed that the , President [ had mis
stated facts ln the letter : made public
to-day. He declared „ the statement
that lie had favored Barrett's clients
was untrue, and* that the records show
ed ' that' in about twenty instances
where Barrett had presented plans of
business ; for ruling they were In most
cases passed on by Tyner's assistant
and subsequently approved "by the At
torney General. " - - .-/
}¦* ' Ttie ' allegation that "¦ hla ' wife ? had
committed burglary at" the' Postoffice
Department; says Tyner, was "as un
manly as "it was " unjustified." '¦ Mrs.
Tyner's . visit, - he" : said; - was ln " office
hours and was perfectly open' and she
took nothing: from "the safe . except his
private - papers - and' • a ¦ batch of semi
official ; papers, which he • returned at
once, and- alsc sent the private 'papers
to - the Poatofflce -'• Department - for ' ex
amination, although ?they consisted of
nothing except letters* and gifts to his
wife. • He "denounced; as indefensible
the suggestion that some incriminating
papers were ' in the sif e. ;
' In conclusion the statement' says:
. - Half of the President's letter ; ta devoted to
extracts ".from ; correspondence j. 'with ¦ certain
Postmasters relative to two appointments and
comments thereon: These ' appointments were
entirtlv In accordance with- the , law and civil
service . rules. . and . my letter. , ax>eak for. then»
actYc«.ljumriKSHHtoMRaBH&lMHaHKHEMrt
CANDIDATE FOR U. S. SENATE
WHO ADDRESSED REPUBLIC
ANS LAST NIGHT. •
The Republican rally at the Potrero
Opera-house drew a big crowd last
night. The speechmaking began early
and lasted late. The crowd in attend
ance was good-natured and warmly ap
plauded the different points in the
speeches that pleased them, especially
those relative to the exclusion of Chi
nese and Japanese from this country.
T. C." Duff acted as chairman. :
Julius Kahn spoke in his usual bril
liant and happy vein. His speech urged
devotion to the Republican party and
adherence to its principles, which prin
ciples are fair not only to the moneyed
man, but to the laborer. The' country
had prospered under the administration
of ReDublicansrrand it was going ahead
at a marvelqus r ratq. It .would continue
to do so under the same policy. <
E. A.- Hayes of the Fifth Congres
sional District said in part: ,
I will,lend my support to any- act for the
exclusion of Chinese and Japanese, from the
United States If -I am . »ent :to Congress.
We. do not want a - race here that refuses to
adopt our customs. They are' a menace to
the laboring man.. The money they accumu
late does not stay here. •They, lower the
standard of wages and, .thereby deprive Amer
ican ' families of the necessities which accrue
from fair remuneration for their labors. ! All
of you 1 are familiar with the dangers; that
face you If this class ef people continue to
Invade our land. There Is one way to • put
a stop to It and that is at the polls.
Senator R. J. Welch. delivered a force
ful speech. He aaid in part: "If I am
elected J would exact a promise from
any man who might be a candidate for
United States Senator that he would
vote for the.exclusion of the Japanese
from this country.',' ;
Charles M. Shortridga, was greeted
with a big. burst of applause when he
stepped on the platform. .He gave what
might be called a regular "heart to
heart" talk to his hearers. He took
them Int$ his confidence at the start
and held them until the close of his
remarks. . The gist of his speech was
that he was an American and a Repub
lican and Mould stand for Republican
principle's from beginning to. end. He
said many salient and humorous things
in the course of his speech. •
..Jeremiah Lucey made a few remarks
pertinent to the occasion. ,• :
is well known, he did not go Into de
tails, simply reiterating his sympathy
with the workingmen and his consistent
and continuous effort to raise the
standard of their living. ThiB, as he
understands it, can be accomplished
by the employment of American labor
alone, the purchase of American pro
ducts, the shortening of the hours of
labor and the raising of wages. The
speaker further explained that no Ori
ental had ever been employed by him;
no imported articles the like of which
American labor produces were, ever
purchased by him; he had lately re
duced the legal day's work fronvejght
to seven and a half hours. Twice with
out solicitation on the part of the print
ers of the Mercury and Herald of San
Jose he had raised their wages. :
Branching away from these subjects,
he stated that if . elected to. Congress
he would advance the interests of the
shipbuilders of- this coast. by advocat
ing the placing of contracts for the |
building of warships in their hands.
He further stated that he favored the
reinforcement of our navy, the en
largement of foreign markets for our
surplus products and the Increased em
ployment of American workingmen In
all branches of labor. "One of my du
ties in Congress." said the speaker,
"will be to enact legislation to secure
restoration of our merchant marine by
the payment of subsidies to American
built mail carriers and freighters, suf
ficient to enable them to compete suc
cessfully with the ships of foreign
countries."
Cheers greeted these remarks, clearly
demonstrating that his declarations
were accepted as sincere, and those
wage workers before him within hid
district were, for the speaker's election
to Congress.
James Spear, the manager of the
works, made a tour of the-yards and
Introduced Mr. Hayes to the employes
of the several departments.
PROMPT DEXLAJU
The charge that E. A. Hayes. Repub
lican nominee for Congress, Fifth Dis
trict, is an employer <jf Chinese is
promptly refuted by the following
signed statement, reinforced by affi
davits:
Reference having been made to Chinese
having been employed on -our place at Kd"n
Vale. I wish to state that, my brother. E. A.
Hayes, has never ln any way. directly or In-,
directly, employed any Chinese there. That 1
may not give any false color to the facts ln
making this statement, I wish to state that
soon atter we came to California to live per
manently I made a contract with. Mr. Ulrich,
then bead gardener at the Hotel del Monte.
to survey the erounds around our house make
walks, drives. . flower beds, -etc.. and plant
some trees and shrubbery. Soon alter he
started the work under this contract he brought
some Chinese there, against my protest, to do
certain of the work that he* claimed he could
not do without them'. . "While" there' they' lived
on a remote corner of the ranch,' boarded them
selves and in no manner lived with or near
the other men on the ranch, and left as soon
as the special work Mr. UlrlcfT wished them to
do was -completed.- When I - made this con
tract with Mr. Ulrica my brother, was ln
the East, was there during all the time they
were there and did not return to California
until five months after they had left. He had '
nothing to do with -either the contract or. tht- [
work, and knew nothing about the matter until
long afterward.: - - ••'.- • ¦ .- ¦-•¦:¦:.¦¦.',
With the exception of. these -men whir* were
working for Mr. Ulrich no Chinese or Japanese
have ever worked ln our garden or orchards, or
on our ranch. J. O. HAYES..
George H. Osen has made the follow
ing affidavit in connection > with .the
Examiner, article of October 27: .
State of California, County of Santa Clara, 'as.
George u. Osen, being first duly sworn, de
poses and says: I am the George H. 'Osen
mentioned In th< article in the Examiner of
Thursday, October 27,- 1904; that I was em-,
ployed by the Hayes Brothers "on their ranch
at Eden Vale, in this county,- from 1880 to
.18S3. ¦':,*
1 The words attributed to me tn the San Fran
cisco Examlntr of October 27. itKH, In which
I am credited with having made certain state
ments with reference to Chinese said to have
been i-mployed by. Mr. .Hayes, are absolutely
and unqualifiedly false.' I ¦ never made any
such statement to any one. . . . ...
GEORGE H. O6EX.
" Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of October. A. V ITtm - f \ fH|H|f iipMlimiiii
(Seal.) . H. A. GABRIEL, Notary .Public
G._ A. Whipple, also quoted by the
Examiner, . has without ' solicitation' de
nied'in toto^the alleged interview with
him in the -Examiner, on . Thursday
morning. Here ': Is Jiis letter: .
. .'Campbell. Cal., Oct. 27. 1901.
J. O. Hayes.. Eeq.— Dear Sir: -Testerday'a
man called on me, 1 claiming to be an Examlntr
reporter, . and wished .. to : interview , ma . on . the
Chinese question. - 1 positively refused to make
aay statement whatever. I . positively ¦ forbid
. the reporter to use ;mr name i In any way/
Very respectfully., : ¦ _ . O. A/.WHIPPLB. /
Many Prominent
Republicans
Speak.
BIG RALLY
OF VOTERS
AT POTRERO
WASHINGTON,. Oct. 28.— By direction
of the President, Secretary Loeb to-day
sent to James N. Tyner, the former As
sistant Attorney General for the Post
office Department, a letter In reply to
Tyner's letter dated October 8 and made
public last night. The letter says that
the question of Tyner's guilt on the
criminal charge on -which he was tried
has been passed upon by a jury and
the President acquiesces in the Jury's
finding, but the evidence ''seems to him
overwhelming that you (Tyner), were
guilty either of moral obliquity in per
formance of duty or of the grossest in
efficiency." The letter follows:
Whito House. Washington, Oct. 23, 1901.
Sir — The President has received this morn
ing your letter dated October 8. written ln
answer to my letter of June 24. which I have
never made public, although you did make
public your own letter which It answered. In
your present letter you again claim that a
wrong hus been. done you, and ask that it be
righted. As you are out of office the righting
of the wrong could only be effected by your
reinstatement to office, or a declaration by the
President that you were Innocent. The Presi
dent instructs me to say to you that his
memorandum to which you take exception was
written -when three indictments against you
had been returned by the Grand Jury, the
report of Mr. Brlstow having been submitted
to Messrs. Bonaparte and Conrad, and' the
action taken against you by the Department of
Justice bfing on tho recommendtlon of Messrs.
B'.napartc and Conrad. In his memorandum
the President referred to your office as follows:
. -The Investigation discloses a condition of
gross corruption In the office of the Assistant
-Attorney General for, the Postoffice Depart
ment. In the case of Assistant Attorney Gen
eral .-Tyner I (the misconduct) has gone on for
a number of years, bnt.lt Is Impossible to say
exactly when It began. ••? • • The three
chief offenders In the Government service- were
Tyntr, Machen ana Beavers. . Friends of Tyner
hnive - advanced the theory that in his case the
chief offender was really • his nephew by mar
riage. Barrett, who was bis assistant ln office
for a part of (he term, and that Tyner's of
fenses were due to his falling bodily and mental
powers. The facts set forth ln Mr. Brlatow's
report do not tend to substantiate the validity
of these excuses for Tyner. while they show
literally astounding misconduct tn Barrett.
• • • . In the office of the Assistant At
torney General for the Po3torfice Department,
under Tyner and Barrett, far greater wrong
was inflicted upon, the public than could be
measured by a pecuniary standard, for in, this
office the corruption of the Government offi
cials took the form of favoring get-rich-quick
concerns and similar swindling schemes; ln
other words, -the criminals, whom it was the
sworn duty of there Government officials to
pro.«< !cut», raid them for permission to fleece
the: public unmolested.
"Of the criminal charges on which you were
tried you have been declared Innocent by a
Jury In a court of law; the "verdict Is final
ho regards all citizens. Including the President.
There Is. however, a wide difference between
misconduct which : 'la criminal and declared
such by the courts and. misconduct which,
though It does not render the wrongdoer liable
to the criminal law, | yet requires his lm
, mediate separation . from ; the Government ser
vice and justifies his severe condemnation by
the general community on " moral ¦ grounds.
-You were acquitted of. conspiring with liar
re tt to do certain criminal deeds. . You were
not acquitted of doing the deeds.
"That these get-rich-qulck. concerns which
employed Mr. Barrett were Improperly favored
In your office seems "to admit of no doubt.
In the case of the Arnold turf concern, where
Mr." Barrett received $6000, a committee of
th<> Missouri Senate which Investigated the
matter in March, 1903, reported as follows,'
after commenting upon a report of the post
office Inspector adverse ta the . concern in
question: -
That the ruling of the department was
not. in accordance - with-, his recommendation,
that from the evidence it appears that the
department at Washington, by -some process
or other, unknown to your committee. over
ruled the recommendation of the Inspector,
dlsmlDsed the cases pending against these Com
panies and ,they were allowed to ¦ proceed with
their 'process of absorbing the people's money.
Had the department at Washington acted
promptly and 'properly upon the recommenda
tion, of the Inspector millions of dollars would
have : been saved the people of the State of
Missouri and other States. -
.. Secretary Loeb's letter recites the
connection of Barrett, Tyner's nephew,
¦ with the •; revocation ¦ of fraud orders
and declares that , the record war
rants the statement that "your (Ty
ner's) removal was imperatively de
manded in ..the interest of honest and
efficient government." The letter con
tinues:' . - % - m v. •-. •
, There are certain" matters which could not
come i before the Jury which nevertheless . it
was* and is necessary for the President to
consider - when you • request him to take' any
action looking ¦: to the rehabilitation - of your
character. One of these is the burglary ' com
mitted by Mrs. Barrett, 'Mr. .Barrett's mother,'
and by Mns^.'Tyner af your direction. Mrs.
Ty ner came to the Postoffice .Department, - en
tered : your private room In the office and then
admitted Mrs.*- Barrett and a ' safe ' expert | and
the.. three then , rifled the safe. . ¦ TheH>epart
.merit of Justice has never , been able to know
exactly "what documents were' at that time
abstracted from ¦ the safe.' ¦ « The . President ' has
the right to assume that they, would not have
been abstracted in • this manner had ' they , not
been of : a :•, character - rachva*;. would gravely
incriminate you. and Mr. Barrett. As regards
this and all of the other actions the President
was at' fine time inclined to excuse' you on
the ground of. your -failing- powers, but as
you common cause -with Mr. Barrett
mit- was difficult . to see how ' this excuse . could
be put v *orward.-- Moreover. ; oertain other ae
tlons of yours were ' brought to the President' s
attention which seemed to show such gross
lack of : the sense of official propriety on your
part as not to warrant film In making; a pre
sumption • In your favor. •:• For - Instance, on
March 29. 1902. you;, writing on the paper' of
the • office of I the -'Assistant | Attorney General
for the '- Postoffice I?epartment to the Post
master : at Portage, _ Wls.; ¦» asking that your
daughter > o« ' retained .* in - the > Portage > pewt
offlee, wrote ' In part as- follows :
~ -.'But I don't want my daughter to rimaln at
Portage, except; with. your full acquiescence. I
can secure a transfer for. her to, probably any
other' office -I <'may select. - ' In -= fact, ¦:. one of
two = euch- transfers are -arranged 'for and .are
held." In ¦ abeyance. If • she goes . elsewhere , the
money that pays her salary will . go .to the
office-; to : which she shall , be : transferred : - If
she remains at Portage I shall add. •lightly to
th« " salary. | and. of course. . secure an addition
to the * allowance [ for J salaries • at \ the office ' to
pay -the > Increase. The ' allowance to pay - her
present - compensation . ia made specifically for
her: by name, . aa . would be an addition to the
same.- »>. ; •-'"• ;» . ,: r -v-"- ¦ *¦¦.:/• _...¦- 1 - .--.-•...-.
„¦ J'l thought It proper to write you thm frankly
before * you* take .the 'oath '¦ of ; office. »>Ud . »»¦
the | eloee of. department . houm | yesterday (Sat
urday) 5 »o 'official * notice ¦ of your ; confirmation
by. the • Senate had been ; received. .TbelefcSS
there £ !**'WgjJ^^i^P c 5! v « ', your ; reply
To-night's event in city political cir
cles will be the mass-meeting at Al
hambra Theater UDder the auspices of
the German - American Republican
Club. C. L>. Rode has been chosen to
preside at the meeting. The audience
will be addressed by E. A. Hayes,
Julius Kahn, Thomas B. Dozier, the
eloquent orator of Shasta; General E.
3. Salomon and George H. Bahrs.
The only speech in. German will be de
livered by General Salomon. The
Knickerbocker Quartet will sing and
the band will play.
SIXTH DISTRICT,
SECOND DISTRICT.
Intelligence from the Sixth Congres
sional District is gratifying 'to the Re
publican State Central Committee. J.
C. Needham,* nominee of the party for
a fourth term in Congress, is conduct
ins: a winning campaign. He is greeted
by vast throngs of people, who cheer
him for the good work he has done in
the halls of the national legislature.
The opponents of Needham are resort
ing to the despicable course of circulat
ing unsigned dodgers in which the rec
ord in Congress 'of the able representa
tive is misquoted.
Henry W. Lynch, the Republican
candidate for the Legislature, Thirty
fiist .Senatorial District, is making a
pallant right for election, and impartial
reports from the counties of Monterey,
San Henito and San Luis Obispo sig
nify that he will carry the district.
Lynch has a host of warm personal
friends, and they are enthulastic in his
suppsrt. knowing that his election
would reflect honor on the counties
named.
The State Central Committee is ad
vised that Duncan E. McKinlay will
•win out handsomely in the Second. To
night at Willows the able and eloquent
champion will address the voters of
Glenn County. Reports come from the
upper Sacramento to the effect that
Hell is explaining and explaining. Tlfe
committee had a 'stenographer take
down his speech at Colusa and these
utterances of the Congressman will be
read at the Veterans' Home:
'•Let us get rid of the Philippine Isl
and*. They are a burden to the Amer
ican people. It requires great sums of
the people's money to protect them and
to maintain our civil and military
governments there."
There is an active "patriotic sentiment
up in Napa County in favor of keeping
the flag where the valor of American
volunteers placed it and perhaps there
i3 a strong feeling the other way up in
the Democratic stronghold of Colusa.
A Democratic nominee for /Congress
surely finds the situation quite embar
rassing, especially when a stenogra
pher is present.
Jud C. Brusle is scheduled to' preach
the Republican gospel in Colusa. He
will tell the people the truth regarding
appropriations for the Sacramento
River. The State committee is ready
to submit j the record. What Bell
claimed in his Colusa speech was
taken down word for word.
Duncan E. McKinlay" will speak at
Sterling the evening of November 2.
The leading Republicans and business
men of Chico have engaged' a special
train for the event. The train v 111
leave Chico a at B p. m. "
FIFTH DISTRICT.
The Fulton Iron Works, at tho foot
of Baker street, was visited at noon
yesterday by E. A. Hayes, the Repub
lican candidate for Congress, accom
panied by A. D. Porter and Thomas J.
Emery. The men had been notified of
his intention to address them and all
employed there were in ' attendance.
Mr. Hayes was introduced by A. D.
Porter, business manager of the Broth
erhood of Boilermakers and Iron Ship
builders of America. In his address he
spoke of his early life on a. Wisconsin
farm as a wageworker and of his ca
rter in Santa Clara County as an em
ployer of labor. He. explained that in
Wisconsin, on a small farm where he
was born, he worked at hard labor for
fourteen and sixteen hours a day to
heip support the family. *He attended
college during the long winter months.
After graduating from the university
of that State he studied law. was ad
mitted to the bar and he was afterward
employed by a large corporation as
manager of its Interests and had under
bis control several hundred men. Re
garding his career ln this State, which
Says Conduct Justifies Se
vere Condemnation on
Moral Grounds.
WRITES A SCATHING LETTER
Stenographer Takes
Down Remarks
at Colusa.
ESOPUS, N. Y., Oct. 23.— Judge
Parker addressed to-day a delegation
composed largely of farmers from
Orange and ' Rockland counties, ' New
York. The delegation arrived at Rose
mount by boat and marched up 'the
winding road to Judge Parker's home,
where they were received on the ver
anda. Judge Parker said:
No more, satisfactory evidence of the wlde
eprtad public Interest In the attempt to con
trol, the election by moneys of great wpor*:
tlone and trusts need be looked for than that
furnished by the President and hi* J**« At
torney General. Knox. Knox was bWde= *°
the presence o* the President for * ?°*?» uU *;
ticn. About what? About &• niqul ty of
the large corporations? Contributions being
made by large corporations and trusts T^ot
at all. but rather to devise means j* mniw
the force of the statement of this co fn™°^
accepted fact could be parried. The outcome
was an interview by Senator Knox. Care was
taken to preface the interview with the state
ment that It met the approval of the Presi
dent. It may be treated, therefore as an
administrative statement l Though there are
many of them these days two or three of
them I shall make reference to to-day.^
In passing It should be said that *«*l°r
Knox on this occasion— *s on others— referred
to the fact that I am of the OPM"*-"*
have said »o-that existing law affords an
adequate remedy against Illegal combination..
He says the law is insufficient and argues
that therefore. I am not in favor of break
ing up illegal combinations. .
,Th e Senator is not Ingenious. Had he been
he would have said that In every Instance
which I have expressed the belief that the
lav a« it stands is sufficient to protect the
people and that nothing la lacking «* ce pt
public official* willing to enforce the law.
I have added— ln terms or in ¦ ul »**^?£r t ?*J
if my view in that respect Is a »}•»**« ° n «
"then I favor such further le « l8l *"^ h 7 1 i h ! !P
constitutional limitations as will give V>e peo
ple a Just and full measure of protection.
THE GREAT QUESTION.
Now this long statement of Senator Knox
had nothing whatever to do with the question
uppermost in the public mind.
Shall the creations of Government, many or
which pursue illegal methods, control our
elections? Control them by moneys belonging
to their atockholders— moneys not «™ e ° ln
the open and charged upon the hjoki "
moneys paid for*polltlcal purposes, but hidden
away by false bookkeeping?
Senator Knox has been at some pains
hitherto to prove that with all his learning
he does not know all about the common law.
It hardly seems possible, however, that he does
not know the rule that allegation* of the com
plaint not denied by the answer are thereby
admitted. He does not deny— nor could be
that these contributions were made. If be
could have done so, • of course, he would. II
he can do so now, b5,ls Invited to. ,-. . .
This Interview was intended" to create a chmd
of dust behind ' which" he bopetr to \ hide - the
charges he did not answer and could not an
swer. That charge i« that vast sums of money
have been contributed for the control • of
this election In aid of • the administration.
What the few "plain." unambiguous sentences
uttered by me on the- subject of illegal combi
nations mean and what they are -.understood
to mean, by those who .control the combina-
BELL EXPLAINS
HIS POSITION
ttons, Is evidenced In the part by Ota great
activity of their leading: officers la favor of
the election of. my opponent. That activity
may perhaps account in no small measure for
the ability of both the Populist and Socialist
parties to prosecute expensive campaigns—
campagins that appear to be proeeouted laxgelj
In aid of the -Republican party. The adminis
tration also puts out a cablegram from Gov
ernor .Wright of the Philippine Commission In
reply to some quotations made by me la a
speech delivered on the 15th day of October.
The words, quoted were the careful utterances
of - a man who has spent four months la the
Philippines studying the conditions there. . He
Is vouched for by Charles , Francis Adams..
Carl Schurz. Edwin' Burrltt Smith. Herbert
Welch and Moore Field Story In these words:
TRIBUTE TO WRIGHT.
Be has had exceptional opportunities for
learning the truth. For his entire honesty,
his skill as a trained Investigator, his Judg
ment In weighing evidence and bis reliability
as a witness, we. vouch.
The evidence upon which his conclusions
were based will be found, I am Informed, la
the Evening Post of to-day and probably in
other papers.
The article Is too long to be quoted from la
this brief address, but I ask with, and through
you, the American people, to examine Governor
Wright's cablegram In connection with that
report and then answer these questions :
"Do you believe the man thus vouched for
by six of the best citizens In this country?
Which la likely to b« prejudiced, th* man hav
ing no motive but to learn the truth, or the
Governor who may be In some measure re
eponaible for the unfortunate conditions?
"Is the Governor's report of such a char
acter as to justify an expenditure of the Gov
ernment of several hundred dollar* to cable
a part of my speech to Manila and to receive
his reply by cable? It was not Government
business. It was political business. The. cable
gram to Governor Wright and hi* reply were
intended to aid the Republican campaign The
message to him began:
"The Democratic candidate for President
on the 15th of the present month In a public
address' said:" ...... - ....
If a few hundred dollars may be taken out
from tho public funds to thus assist the* pros
ecution of a political campaign, why may not
the money from the treasury be employed for
any purpose that will help the campaign? How
do we know but it is? This is one of the evi
dences of the growth of Imperialism..
Th« head of the Government "can do no
wrong." An assault upon bis policy is an as
sault npon the people, and hence the people's
money can be legitimately used for his vindi
cation.
TAYLOR'S CRITICISM.
Judge Parker read from a newspaper
clipping an interview with Acting Sec
retary of the Treasury Horace A. Tay
lor, In which that official criticized
Judge Parker's speech charging official
extravagances. The speaker com
mented:
Now you will observe that he nowhere chal
lenges the figures given by me. They cannot
bo Quoted. They show that after taking . the
$50.u<)0,<>00 paid for the Panama canal and
rights this Government spent jltJo.ouo.iiw
more last year than it did sever years ago
under a Democratic administration. ¦
' Nor does Mr. Taylor deny that tht» expenses
excelled the r-Joelsts last year by orer $4O.
000.000. Nor does he deny that for the first
sixty days of this year the expanses exceeded
the receipts by t24.000.00O. In this connection
I call your attention to the fact that the ex
penditures so far this year are greater than
they were a year ago for the same period.
Since June 30 there has been spent 319S.681,
077. During a like period last year there was
Spent f 179. 168,097. We have an increase,
therefore, this year of over $19,000,000 la less
than a third of a year. And our expenses last
year were the greatest In our history. Ona
other fact should be noted. The deficit for the
present year. October 25, Is over S31.000.00U.
as against $1,141,204 for identically the same
period last year.
Judge Parker read orders issued by
department officials in Washington to
prove his assertion, denied by Taylor,
that were administrative tenders for
bidding Government officials from mak
ing public any statements of estimates
upon which future appropriations are
based. -
TAKES UP TARIFF.
The speaker then took up the tariff,
dwelling: upon the burdens of the farm
ers.
Judge Parker told of the combina
tions of the manufacturers, whose ob
jest was "to make the farmer, laborer
and business man continue to pay the
high prices which the tariff duties made
possible in this country without com
petition." He continued:
These combinations are trying* to give suc
cess to the Republican party because that
party and Its President have notified the
country that they stand pat. aa they call it.
on the tariff, which means that tbpy will not
interfere with it. Now the building up of
these combination*, usually called trusts, was
promoted by excessive tariff duties, but, it had
been extended far beyond the plans of ' the
originators. That the operation of most of
them hare proven harmful to the general pub
lic ;ccd cannot be qnestloned.
> Judge Parker described the oppres
sion of the stock raiser.' the retailer and
the consumer by the beef trust and con
tinued :
I select the meat trust, not because It ex
acts greater tribute than do ether trusts, but
aa an Illustration with which those of yon
who are farmers are perfectly familiar. There
are a great many others operating • on similar
principles and their effect . has - been to in
crease the co«t of Ilvinpr tn every direction
and also to deprive those who engage tn busi
ness of that equal opportunity which was- once
the glory and pride of. this country; The
small dealer and the small manufacturer are
belnu driven out of business. In a short time
only those . with large capital or those in
alliance with the combinations can success
fully engage in business or manufacturing.
If you are satisfied with the present con
ditions you should vote the Republican ticket,
for that party favors the stand-pat policy.
But If you are opposed to that policy, if you
believe In equal opportunity for all and special
privilege for none, you should both vote and
work for the election of the Democratic ticket.
thu» . taking a step toward again putting in
force those principles of . government which
are so admirably stated by President Jefferson
in bis first inaugural address.
Accuses Republican Party of
Parrying His Charges.
President Refuses to Re
instate Postoffice
Lawyer lyiier. .
Duncan E. McKinlay
Leads in the
Second.
JudGe Parker Addresses
Delegation of Farmers
ACQUITTAL
DOES NOT
CLEAR HIM
NEEDHAM IS MAKING A WINNING CAMPAIGN
FOR CONGRESS IN THE SIXTH DISTRICT
THE SAlSL^FRANCISGOA^LU^SATURD^it-OGTORER^ 29,:rl904:
AYES REFUTES FALSE Reports Circulated by Political Opponents in Fifth Congressional District and Disproves STATEMENTS OF ENEMIES
To the. Members of the,Mer
chants' Association: <
Feeling that it is 'Vitally nec
essary that the counting of the
ballots .at the next * election
should be t watched- by persons
interested in and standing for
good citizenship the "Merchants'
Association respectfully requests
that some member of your firm
or some bne of your trnsted-em
ployes Tolunteer for this service.
Tlie i timer. occupied will be: but
short^asuhe ticket at 4 the com
ing election " compar
tively.fewv names. .¦• .-• '. -
Kindly 1 yconimuhicate your
willingness' to. serve in the cause
of good citizenship .by signing .
the inclosed .card and mailing
it to» the secretary of. the^asso
ciation not later thnn Thursday, "
November 3, 1904.
.¦Tickets of admission to booths
to watch the count will be. fur r
nlshed. Respectfully,'
THE MERCHANTS' ASSOCIA-'
' TIOX OF SAN FRANCISCO,
, ". FRANK J. SYMMEIS,
. . , President.
L. 51. KING, Secretary.
2
FREE . IT. FREE... FR2E
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS.
A Coupon Entitling You to One
Pound 40c
"TOP QUALITY" COFFEE of
THE GREAT AMERICAN
IMPORTING. TEA ; CO.
With Every 25c . Small Ad
in SUNDAY CALL.
See Small Ad Page * or Further
Particulars.
AJDVI31TISE3IENTS. :
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Has won success far beyond the effect
of -advertising only.
Its wonderful popularity is explained
by its unapproachable Merit.
- Based ¦ upon a prescription which
cured people considered Incurable,
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Unites the best-known vegetable reme-
dies in such a way as to have' curative
power peculiar to itself.
Its cures of scrofula, eczema, psoria-
sis, and every kind of humor, as well
as catarrh and rheumatism— prove
Hood's Sarsaparilla
The best'.blood purifier ever produced.
'Its cures of dyspepsia, loss of appe-
tite and that -tired feeling make it the
greatest stomach tonic and strength
restorer the world has ever known. *'
'Begin' to ; take "it TO-DAY; ' ' '.GOVERNMENT WILL INSIST
ON PROMPT PERSIAN ACTION
PARIS, Oct.. 28.— After . an exceeding
ly stormy debate in the v Chamber of
Deputies the 'Government to-night '. es
caped defeat by four votes only, and
rumors are already current that Gen
eral Andre, Minister of War, whose
administration was the subject of dis
cussion, contemplates resigning. ''¦;.
7 For some time General Andre has
been the object of attacks in
the press, the principal " charges against
him being that he favors officers whose
politics coincided with the - Govern -
nient'sr stopping the promotion , of those
suspected i of : ; clerical or conservative
tendencies, ~. organizing , /ah
system ? of spying : in the ' prlvate\llyes
of j officers Tand /encouraging officers " to
act" as * informers. : •/
:x The '¦¦ Chamber .* carried by acclama
tion a > motlon\condemhirig
and ; b v-'a'iVote" of » 2 7 8 : to 2 74 -'expressed
Its. conviction "'that .thelmenibers of the
Government /would / take whatever
steps were necessary.
Government Escapes Defeat
in France by the Narrow
\ Margin of but Four Votes
WAITAOSHAX FALLS.
On the; night of October 26 there
Was a conflagration in Old Port Ar
thur and on October 27 a shell hit the
Russian battleship Sebastopol, and
two; Russian steamers' were sunk.
¦ Official confirmation of. the* above is
lacking, but the reports are believed
to be true. '. .;'."-' ; " -
Simultaneously the Japanese at
tacked the forts on Rlhlung Mountain
and-Sunghohbwian Mountain, silenced
the Russian batteries and stormed
and occupied the, forts In front " of
these mountains. ' " .-'¦ • : • .
TOKIO. Oct. 28, 4:20n P . m. — it is
reported that the Japanese "opened a
desperate^ general attack on the east
ern forts of the Keekwan group, north
of Port Arthur, during the morning of
October 26, and silenced the Russian
batteries. A shell exploded the Rus
sian 'magazines.
Japanese Guns Play Havoc About
Port Arthur. "
BATTERIES SILiENCED.
COMBES HAS
CLOSE CALL
PARIS. Oct. 28.— The news from
London late this afternoon that the
Anglo-Russian trouble had been put in
the way of settlement by the adoption
of the principle of reference to a com
mission of inquiry In connection with
the lines laid down by The Hague
conference has j- relieved the tension
which had been' felt the. last few days.
Tension Relieved in France.
Russian Government Believes Port
Arthur Will Hold Out.
ST. PETERSBURG, OcL 29, 2:35
a rn. — Alarmist reports from foreign
sources of the alleged situation of the
Port Arthur garrison and of a renewal
of the Japanese attack ori~that strong
hold have created considerable popu
lar anxiety over the fate of the fort
ress, which, It must be confessed, had
almost been overlooked by the public
the last few days owing to the absorb
ing interest taken in the Xorth Sea
complications.
The Government simply saj*s it is
without direct advices, though it real
izes that the situation in the fortress
must be growing daily more difficult.
However, it maintains the firm belief
that the garrison will be able to hold
out.
The statement that General Stoessel
Is scorning all mention of surrender Is
described to be exactly what might be
expected. He is described as a man
who will fight as long as there Is a
finger In Port Arthur to pull a trigger.
FAITH IN STOESSEL.
HARBIN, Oct. 28. — Viceroy Alexieff
to-day issued his farewell order of the
day. . It is as follows:
"In explanation of his Majesty's or
der, I am leaving for St. Petersburg.
I thank all the officers of the Paclflc
fleet most heartily for their self-sacri
ficing work at sea during the last ten
months, which, In the matter .of de
stroying their enemy's mines has been
attended with grave danger. I con
sider it my duty to thank particularly
the seamen at Port Arthur, who, while
showing, great "fighting powers, have
worked harmoniously and zealously in
conjunction with the gallant soldiers
in the fortress, and with their guns,
their valor and their knowledge 1 have
helped In the heroic defense of the
fortress against the advance of a self
willed, stubborn enemy."
Warriors.
Viceroy Issues I^ast .Order to Czar's
LOS. ANGELES, Oct. 28. — Major
George Easton. a brother of Wendell
Easton. the well-known real estate
rr.an, died here yesterday. Major Eas
ton was a native of Massachusetts.
Major George Easton Dead.
At. 4 o'clock in the afternoon the Jap
anese rushed the second trenches »ccu
pied by the Russians. They shot
many of the Russians as they were
running down the side of the hill and
captured two machine guns.
The Japanese had twenty-eight killed
and eighty wounded. The Russians left
thirty dead on the hill.
There was hand-to-hand fighting
when the trenches were taken. . •
The Russians retired across the
river, and when the Japanese flag was
raised on the tower surmounting the
hill the Russian batteries showered
shrapnel on the hill for an hour, but
without result.
About a regiment of Russians were
entrenching there. The Russians had
five machine guns.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEAD
QUARTERS. Oct. 28. via Fusan.— The
Japanese %a.ve a stirring exhibition of
snappy and determined fighting yes
terday when they drove the Russians
from a high hill situated ten miles east
of the railway and in front, of General
Kuroki's army (the right). This hill is
important strategically as a post /for
observation. It was the only point
south of the Shakhe River which the
Russians had held.
Japanese Give Exhibition of Courage
;! •}; in Taking Hill.
HAND TO HAND FIGHTING.
Prominent Sonoma Woman Dead.
SONOMA, Oct. 28. — Mrs. Robert
Hall, wife of one of Sonoma's most
wealthy and prominent fruit-growers,
died this morning after a lingering ill
ness. She was a native of New. Hamp
shire and had resided here for many
years.
Many^ officials -of :the navy . blindly
accept Admiral } Rojestvensky's ' state
ment .that hej^was attacked and .air de
clare^ tbat" be justified * in exercis
ing' the" 7 "greatest * cautiin; in - view,; of
numerous . [ warnings that f ant.; attack
would ; be , made* on the squadron.' . 'The
more (conservative ; officers ' agree that
it is wisest ;tb; court a'full ? and'impar
tial investigation 'before the; world, let
the blame 1 fall ; where j it Imay.
V-. At i no , time was this ' feeling enter
tained ; in V; the ., higher responsible
circles, where the gravity of the affair
was fully •realized and where it .was
believed \ that: the; honor of Russia de
manded 4/ the. '; most complete * and
searching >; inquiry ; ; to „ establish ; before
the world whether a" blunder had been
committed, J; arid, if bo, to fix : the re
sponsibllity.¦"¦'.'.¦ - -> 7/ :
ST. PETERSBURG. Oct. 28; mid
night—There was a feeling of profound
relief to-night inVhigh Government
spheres and .diplomatic circles,, where
the knowledge existed that the grave
crisis in the relations between Russia
and Great Britain over the North Sea
incident^ had happily been averted by
a decision to submit the issue to a
commission to be created under the ar
ticles of The Hague convention.
This outcome will insure a definite
establishment of the facts and place
the responsibility and is attributed in
diplomatic circles mainly to the direct
interposition of Emperor Nicholas and
King Edward. The British, Govern
ment, In face of an excited public opin
ion, - which was demanding the " most
extreme measures, ~\ proposed the sub
mission of the issue to a commission
under The Hague convention, while the
Russian Government was preparing a
similar proposal to Great Britain. Neu
tral powers, notably France and, it is
believed, the United States, were using
all their influence to avert a world
catastrophe.
Definite assurance of a settlement
came this afternoon, when the -Czar, at
an audience with Foreign Minister
Lamsdorff, announced his complete and
hearty approval of the plan for - ah in
ternational commission. Meanwhile,
orders had already been sent to Vigo
to detain- the ships which \ participated
in the firing on the British trawlers
until detailed arrangements for pro
cedure could be agreed upon. ¦
¦ In : the end both - ; Governments seem
to be striving for the honor, of . the first
proposal "of this method of settlement
of the questions at' Issue. The drafting
of a method of action probably will re
quire some time; "\ '..' .;
The Russian public has as yet had no
intimation of the ; solution reached. For
the . last . forty-eight : hours . the . people
and the newspapers have been greatly
aroused. Jingoism jivas rampant and
the direct .charge was repeatedly made
that GreaOBritain was privy to'a-con
templated "attack on the second Pacific
squadron/ The people, without count
ing the cost, talked lightly "and even
Joyfully of : the; prospect of war with
the traditional' enemy, - at whose door
the; public 'mind lays so many of Rus
sia's difficulties. - * .
England's Action Pleases j Czar's Sub
jects and Diplomats. •
RELIEF : IN RUSSIA.
CINCINNATI,. Oct 28.— Archbishop
William Henry Elder was taken sud
denly ill yesterday and has been sink
ing so rapidly that the communion
and last sacrament- were administer
ed shortly before midnight. It is
thought that the Archbishop, who is
In- his eighty-sixth year, will not see
daylight.
Archbishop Elder Dyinj;.
j Journalistic Views on Settlement Are
j Not at All Unanimous.
LONDON, Oct. 28. — The Daily Ex
press asserts that Admiral Sir Cyp
rien Bridge will be one of the Brit
ish representatives on-the commission
to inquire into the North Sea affair
which Premire Balfour has announced
and which, the Express adds, will sit
at Vigo under neutral chairmanship.
The Russian ships will anchor off
Vigo and Admiral Beresford has been
ordered to station the channel squad
ron there during the sittings of the
commission. The opinions of the
press on the settlement, as stated b'y
Balfour. are by no means unanimous.
The opposition journals welcome it as
a great victory for the principles of
conciliation and arbitration and all
express the belief that .the danger of
war has been avoided; but regarding
the manner of arriving at an agree
ment ideas greatly differ.
The pally Mall hails it in the big
gest type as "Russia's" Surrender.'
The more thoughtful papers and those
devoted to the Government interests
are much less pleased. The Standard
declares that Balfour's statement will
be received by the majority of Eng
lishmen with a sense of profound dis
appointment
"Russia," the Standard says, "has
given way a little, but we have given
way more."
Other Conservative papers similarly
complain that Great Britain is now de
barred from all action, apparently
without any guarantees as to what
portion of the second Pacific fleet will
be allowed to continue its journey and
with only Russia's promise of protec
tion against such incidents as the
North Sea affair.
Much criticism is bestowed upon
what is regarded as the unnecessary
eulogies the Premier paid to Emperor
Nicholas and his Government, and the
fact that Balfour ridiculed and de
claimed against the Russian admiral,
whos» conduct he has consented to
refer to an international tribunal.
The Dally Telegraph dwells with
gratitude on the judicious and honor
able part which It believes M. Delcasse,
the French Foreign Minister, and Em
bassador Cambon played in "this most
welcome settlement."
BRITISH NEWSPAPERS.
The physician attending ' him pro
nounced that the symptoms just be
fore death were of opium- poisoning.
An autopsy showed that all of Col
lins' organs were in good condition.
Collins served as fireman an the
steamer Belgic, and discharge papers
in his possession helped to determine
his identity. His sister. Mm. Homan,
came up from San Francisco to-night
and has taken charge of the remains.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 28.— A young
man named P. A. Collins, whose home
is near First and Folsom streets in
San Francisco, died rather suddenly
at an early hour this morning and it
is generally believed that he commit
ted suicide by opium poisoning, al
though the verdict of the Coroner's
jury at the inquest held to-night failed
to fix the cause of death.
P. A. Collins Passes Away tn a Saloon
Presumably from Opium
Poisoning. '
Following the discovery of the poison
in the milk and cream Thursday morn
ing Mrs. Jackson found parts of the
girl's cape wet with acid, and her
handkerchief was soaking with it.
Hildagard 'says she saw Rose go after
the bottles and hbld^ Them under her
jacket while standing : at the doorstep.
It "is ''-supposed that at this time she
poured the poison into the milk and
cream and accidentally spilled acid
on the cape," which she was wearing.
She 'probably used the handkerchief in
trying, to dry her cape-
Last Saturday the house was robtted,
a cape, a silk dress and a bicycle being
stolen. Mrs. Jackson's jewelry was
also missing, but Rose produced this,
giving the explanation that she had
hidden it for safekeeping. Suspicions
were entertained against the girl, but
nothing was said to her of them. De
tective Fitzgerald was .called, and,
after investigation, he bluntly told her
to bring back the stolen articles.
Monday afternoon she took Hilda
gard with her to Ingleside and they re
turned with the dress and cape. On
Sunday Rose had taken a car ride and
had seen a woman, she said, wearing
the stolen clothes and traveling in the
direction of Ingleside. This gave her
a clew, and in searching among some
trees she and Hildagard came across
the bundle containing the cape and
the gown. It i» believed that Rose had
hidden them there herself.
-But the girl was so helpful about the
house that Mrs. Jackson did not wish
to dispense with her services. The only
comment made about . the robbery was
that It was expected the bicycle would
be brought back in a few days, but
Rose had nothing to say.
SPIIiliHD ACID OX CAPE.
•Jackson, who is In some postal order
business in which he sends out warn
ing pamphlets entitled "Schemes and
Fakes," Rose Hollsworth says, lives
in a flat at 2658 Market street with his
wife, an infant babe and the daughter,
Hildagard. The Hollsworth girl was
employed to assist in the housework
about four weeks ago. She was un
usually capable, and Mrs. H. Jackson
was much pleased with her.
Two stalwart policemen came quick
ly to the girl's rescue and sternly in
formed the. sisters that they must be
have. ..Quiet was restored, and a sym
pathetic ear was then given to the de
fense the child had to make with much
positlveness of statement. Her tears
brought to her older sisters their sense
of the duty of giving comfort, and to
hysterics in the expressions of apology
that followed was accounted the rough
greeting.
"I love those two little girls and I
would never think of such a thing as
giving them poison. Mrs. Jackson also
says that I stole her pongee cape and
her silk dress. It is true that I re
turned them after having seen a
strange woman wearing the clothes. I
found them near Ingleside. But it is a
base untruth that I stole them."
i Then the four adult sisters of Rose
Holls worth arrived at the prison and
hysterically advanced on the girl.
"Why did you do it? Why did you do
it?" they cried in unison and arms
were pressed about her angrily, the
meeting developing into a pulling
match that hurt instead of bestowing
the affection the child was""expecting.
"Stop! Stop!" she cried out several
times in protest against the rough
treatment of the sisters.
SISTERS ATTACK PRISONER.
coming convinced that there was car
bolic acid In the food, sent me to a
drugstore for an antidote. The chil
dren were quickly relieved and an ex
amination disclosed the presence of the
acid in the milk arid the cream, part
of which, had been used in making the
cakes.
SAX FRANCISCAN* DIES
SUDDENLY IX SACRAMENTO
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
PUTS POISON IN FAMILY'S FOOD
"A party of Japanese fell Into an
ambuscade prepared by our sharp
shooters on the morning of October 26.
The enemy lost two men killed and five
wounded. ,
"West of Hupalin a balloon was ob
served, which came to earth after sev
eral, shots "had been fird atMt by our
sharpshooters.
"The morning of October 27 two of
the enemy's batteries bombarded - a
height at a temple a mile and a half
south of the village of Yangsingtun,
which was occupeid by us as a point of
observation. Toward 4 in the afternoon
the Japanese attacked the hill. Our
companies stubbornly resisted and re
tired upon their main -position, but
afterward our artillery, forced the Jap
anese to evacuate the hill. : -¦ :¦ \-. ¦'..
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 28.— The
general staff has received the following
dispatch from General Sakharoff, dated
to-day: x
"On October 26 Russian cavalry made
a reconnaissance In force In* the direc
tion of'Kekeoitai. A division command
ed by Prince Tumanoff forced the en
emy from the village of Hailaosa, on
the right bank of the Hun River, op
posite the* village of Kekeoital. To as
sume a battle formation a detachment
of about 1500 infantry With four guns
and two squadrons, under Lieutenant
Yagodin, supported on the left flank 7 by
another squadron of cavalry, attacked
the enemy's Infantry, who fled to the
village of Hailaosa. We" lost two sol
diers killed and three wounded.
"Oh October 26 a reconnaissance was
made on. our right flank by several de
tachments of sharpshooters. After ait
hour and a half's preparation by fire
from mortars and quick-firing guns the
detachment advanced at 11 p. m. to
ward the villages of Tchailampu and
Bezymianny." The latter was taken by
a'ssault by sharpshooters, the enemy's
force retiring. Two of our officers were
wounded. .
SHANGHAI, Oct. 28.-A private let
ter from Port Arthur, dated October 21,
received here to-day, says:
"General Stoessel wired the -Russian
Emperor and court recently, 'I now bid
you alfgood-by forever. Port Arthur
is my grave," .
"General Stoessel has instilled the
garrison of the beleaguered fortress
with the spirit that to court a glorious
death is preferable to capitulation.
"The Japanese shells are inflicting
ffreat damage to the Russian fleet in
the harbor and to the fortifications^
The arsenal with its contents of am
munition and small arms has been de
stroyed and preparations are being
made for the last deadly struggle at
close quarters. The water supply hav
ing been cut off, wells lire being sunk.
Provisions are scarce. Only tinned
meats being left, the soldiers hold gala
feast on horses killed by shells.
"Certain troops included in the gar
rison have to be closely watched, at
present for fear of desertion or treach
ery. J^C':
"The field and naval hospitals are
crowded and hygienic conditions are
becoming desperate". The bombardment
at times is so incessant that it is im
possible to bury the dead at any depth.
Over one-half of the original garrison
is dead, wounded or sick.
"The high angle at which their ar
tillery fire Is directed by the Japanese
has practically destroyed the new. town.
When the fleet attempted to break
through the blockade some time ago
the garrison was to have made a des
perate sortie and inflict as much dam
age as possible, and, j if necessary,
capitulate. The failure of the fleet to
escape frustrated the plan.
"The besiegers are pressing closer
daily, and It is hard to say how long
we can hold out.. "When the end comes
there will be a desperate fight and a
surprise." Thousands of the enemy will
perish, as everything is mined."
This letter was intrusted to a native
boatman, who ran the blockade and
mailed the same at Chefu. The re
cipient is a prominent continental busi
ness man of this city, with a branch
house at Port Arthur.
Mortars and Rapid-Fire
Guns Used in the^
Engagements.
Awful Conditions of
Fortress Described in
a Private Letter. - :
BIDS FAREWELL
TO THE CZAR
In vievr . of Balfour*a . scathing de
nunciation of Admiral Rojestvensky, It
I* interesting to note In the, Russian
\ierv he could be in no- way held re
sponsible, though he has generally as
eumed the responsibility. The British
public throughout . the week" has been
crying for RojestvenskyV head, ¦„ but
Russia has firmly pointed out, and Ix>rd
Lansdowne - has . acquiesced, that he Is
"I know, however — I could not help
knowing," said the Embassador— "that
there was a British fleet at -Gibraltar.
If our fleet had left Vigo it probably
•would have been war, but now all there
Is well. There was only one danger,
namely, the excitement of public opin
ion. To be precise, during the negotia
tions there were never demands upon
cither side but- might have been given
to the public earlier, but it was thought
better to leave everything to Mr. Bal
four to-night." ,.
On th« authority of Count Bencken
dorff It can be said that never at any
time did Foreign Minister Lansdowne
express the belief that a pacific settle
ment was not attainable or endeavor
to secure a settlement by veiled men
ace.
"If," said Balfour, "war could be
averted without dishonor, the settle
ment would reflect nothing but credit
upon the ruler of that great empire
with which we have been so nearly
coming into collision, but with whom
It is my earnest hope and sincere belief
our good relations will remain undis
turbed. I congratulate this country
and Russia, Europe and -the world upon
¦what I believe vrlll be the result of
the last few days' negotiations."
A vote of approval of Balfour's con
duct of the negotiations was enthu-
Eiastically passed. •
Embassador Benckendorff, who has
been working night and day, to-night
expressed the greatest pleasure over
the result, which he regarded as hon
orable to both nations. Until Premier
Balfour spoke, the Embassador said,
he was bound to silence and hence
much misinformation had pervaded the
British press, which had reiterated the
etatement that Ruesia s had given no
reply to the British note.
The world had its eyes centered upon
one groat, warlike tragedy in the Far
East. It would have been appalling,
but it was not at one moment impos
sible for that great worlds tragedy to
be doubled and what should have been
th** grea.t<?st calamity that could be
fall mankind, namely, a struggle be
tween two first-class powers. Speak
ing for the CVovernrrrent, Mr. Balfour
declared he could say It had done all
it could consistently with honor to
avert that calamity. To say the inci
dent was and over would be
too mtch, but they surely would not
think him oversanguine in hoping the
spirit of reason and Justice which had
brought Great Britain through the
most difficult parts of controversy
without the calamity of war would still
preside over the council of the nations
and the greatest of all calamities, that
of war between two European nations,
•would be averted.
HOPES FOR PEACE.
Mr. Balfour thought it must be ad
mitted that the Russian Government
had Khown an enlightened desire that
the truth and justice should prevail.
Only a few hours ago he should him
self have., taken a very gloomy view of
the possibility of a satisfactory' and
peaceful solution. He thought the Czar
had shown himself an enlightened
Judge cf what was right in the mat-
Ver as between nation and nation. The
Lritish Government did not ask of
others anything It would not gladly
have granted if it had been in a similar
jnsition. The Government had no de-
Eire to take advantage of Russia's dif
ficulties to enforce its demands.
Bujtpose etm»e dark night a liner or trans
port fell In with the second Pacific fleet t.t
Gibraltar, where they had Intended to divide,
end approached within the maeic distance?
Xccordiri to the admiral's theory, he would
be justified in sinking it. The position Is one
itr.;>osMbIe for neutrals to tolerate. A. fleet
enimated by this policy would" be a fleet
which would have to be eliminated out 'of ex
istence if civilized commerce was to pursue its
¦nay unimi>aired. I am glad to think that in
ihis view the Russian Government agrees, and
has niven orders which will prevent a recur
rence of the tragedy that has filled our hearts
¦with sorrow and indignation.
IMPOSSIBLE POSITION'
Pj»m«nber. «h* wheel! at diplomacy move
«!or.!y. asd perhaps the wheel* of Russian di
plomacy especially slowly, but It should be
honim In niird that th« tragedy was not
known until Monday and tbe Uov-mment at
eace expressed its norrcw anil prcrri*ed rep-'
eratior. and at th» tery oeginmng intimated
that any wrongdoer cu<ht to receive |>unUh
ment. One difficulty w?ui thai the fl^et
committed the outrage was en its way to the
illimitable Ka*t. That :i if Acuity has b«*n rot
Beat; but there ts rjiolher d faculty, namtly,
that the Ru&slan adn-.iraJ lias a tlx-ory cf the
rtstt* and duties of a belligerent fleet as
against neutrals which would really make the
fci£h sea£ a place of public danger.
It Is Impossible to tlouat which i« tli« cor
*»:-.t etcrj'. I ehouU not have apf»roa<;lieJ It
Lut for the fact that the. admiral's sf>ry !•
real'* ar. attack uson cur rational honor an.1
Urdies that we -ire not doing ou»- duty as
neutrals. In an Island kingdom like «;reat
Britain the nationality of every craft Is
known. It la inconceivable that we couM be
fcarborSnjr Japanese steamers and warships
w:th.Oiit Russia and. Indeed, the whole clvil
lred world knotrlne it. After a most em
phatio protfltt acainrt such an allegation the
tri'th will be manifest and clear as noonday
*hen thm Inquiry lc held, which in most
stateemanlifce manner haa been welcomed by
tb» Czar. l*ut In bare Justice to the Crar
«ji4 th« nufSJas Government I -will say they
lJ*\«*r at any tf'r.e unSerestitcaled the gravity
of the crisis.
In the etory of our flEbinnen there was
touch tragedy, but no romance: In the rtory
of the Russian admiral there Is no traeady.
but I am driven ti the belief that there is
Xnurb romance.
SOUTHAMPTON. Oct J8.— Premier
Balfour addressed an immense meeting
In Artillery HaU to-night. His appear
ance on the platform at 8:05 o'clock
the signal for great cheering,
was again and again renewed.
The Marquis of Winchester presided.
Balfour said:
If this meeting- bad been held yesterday
•veniEi I would not have dared preface my
remarks In * hopeful tone. Everybody Itlt
th-.t <f tf>8 tiawler Incident oould be repeated
*.;! neutral lowers v.euM be bound to combln*.
Th« oniy m itk n we had on Monday cf the
Ikrn r.;at ¦!¦_• liiclt'tnts o: the previous Krid.iy
¦was the version eujT'itd us by the trawler*.
Thursday rricrr.ine th* situation chaogsd. t-e
cjujs, tor th-; firat ixmt. we had the counler-
Siorv, *uji: :.cd by ihe P.usFian admiral.
not one of those individuals who could
be described as directly concerned in
the firing upon the trawlers, being out
of signal distance.
ROJESTVENSKY'S REPORT.
"There never was," to quote Count
Benckendorff, "any question of apology
and compensation. These were freely
conceded early in the week. The only
approach to a hitch occurred in con
nection with the question of guarantee
of punishment. When those differences
appeared acute the whole situation was
changed by the appearance of Rojest
vensky*s report. That was obviously
made in good faith. It is possible our
j admiral's subordinates made the mis-
I take; neither he nor they are infallible.
That they made a mistake In hitting
trawlers is, obvious; that they were
mistaken in believing they saw torpedo
boats remains to be proved. But If
they are not infallible, how much less
bo are the fishermen?"
The greatest relief was . exhibited in
all diplomatic circles when the news of
the settlement arrived. As has been
stated in dispatches, the best Informed^
opinion never inclined to* the belief thar
war would ensue, in spite of the
enormous naval preparations and the
bellicose tendency of the press. "
SAVANNAH. Ga.. Oct. 28.— So far aa '
the taking of evidence is concerned,
[ the defense of Captain O. Ml Carter In
t the suits instituted against him by the
j Government was completed to-day
i when Colonel J. B. Quinn of the Gov
' ernment engineering department was
; examined by United States Commis
sioner Hewlett.
Colonel Quinn was examined as to his
I opinion of the cost of the work done on
the Savannah harbor under Captain
Carter. He said he thought the cost to
, the Government was normal. When
asked what condition the walls and
, jetties constructed by Captain Carter
i were In. he replied that they were in
| perfect shape and were wearing well.
' Mr. Stone, Captain Carter's counsel
j In the hearing, says the evidence ad
duced will tend to Carter's vindication.
j He asserts that the contentions of the
Government's attorneys that they
, traced every dollar of Carter's money
: is a bit of evidence which in Itself is
\ more valuable to prove the innocence
of Carter than to prove his guilt.
J.It will be impossible to secure the
names of the dead and injured to-night.
Nearly all : the" J miners employed are
Slavs. The f mine is a new one, opened
only a year ago and extended two
thousand feet into the hill. The ex
plosion is supposed to have been caused
by dust. Only one body has been re
covered, that of T. Duran, a driver,
who was just entering the tunnel when
the explosion occurred. He was torn
and burned almost beyond recognition.
All mines within a radius of two miles
have been shut down and the miners '
are on the way to assist in rescuing
the bodies of the victims. . j
FAREWELLi TO AliEXIEFF.
The shaft in .which the accident oc
curred works eighty men and it is be
lieved that at least sixty men were in
the mine; at the time. News of the
explosion "brought assistance from the
adjacent camps and to-night hundreds
of men are trying to get into the mine.
Deadly fumes "• overcome the rescuers
frequently, but' their places are im
mediately taken by others to risk their
lives. It is not thought possible that
any one in, the. mine can escape death
if they are not' all' dead already.
Immediately after the explosion, which was
for all- the. world like a volcanic eruption,
there was --the wildest excitement. Men,
women and children rushed to the mouth of
the tunnel and women whose husbands were
in the mine had to be brought away by miners
to keep them from beinjc killed by deadly
fumea from the mouth of the tunnel.
I was standing not more than 300 yards
.irom the mouth' of the tunnel when the ex
plosion occurred. The explosion was preceded
by a low." rumbling sound resembling an
earthquake, which made the earth tremble and
startled" the whole camp. , ¦
I . looked toward the mine and out of the
mouth of the tunnel and two air shafts came
a great volume of smoke and dust which con
tinued for nearly a minute. Out of the two
air shafts, each of .which Is seven feet in
diameter, timbers that were fully from two to
three feet in diameter were shot into the air
and broken Into splinters. Bocks were thrown
over the camp (or a distance of a quarter of
a mile. In fact it rained rock, broKen timbers
and all kinds ot. debris for- fully a minute, and
many people were Injured by being struck
with these missiles. _ ..
TRINIDAD, Colo., Oct. 28.— The most
terrific explosion in;the history of coal
mining in Colorado occurred at. mine
No. 3 of the Rocky Mountain Fuel and
Iron Company at Teroio, forty miles
west of Trinidad, at. 1:30 o'clock 'this
afternoon, and the s number of dead is
variously placed at between thirty and
sixty men. . The number reported as
having gone into the mine this morn
ing .was seventeen miners and four
company men. This afternoon many
more miners are known to have, gone
into the mine and the exact' number
of dead. may never be, known, as the
mine is burning and in all* likelihood
the bodies will be cremated., , A .large
number of mine officials j left here as
soon as word of the, accident was re
ceived. Company doctors were, picked
up all along the line as well as all
other available? physicians. : United
States Government Stock Inspector
Foreman was at Teroio when the'ex
plosion occurred. He returned to-night
and gives the following account of: the
affair: vt "
All efforts of the physicians and
nurses to get him to submit to modern
treatment have, proved futile. He be
lieves if his wounds heal he will die.
It is tradition, he, claims. His father
brought him from Arabia/ i r-
DES MOJNE3, Iowa. dot. &.— In the
Methodist Hospital here is a patient
who exhibits' barbarism within the
very midst of civilization. He was
taken there ill by his father. His name
is Role Jakima, a native of Arabia.
In each ankle is a hole -the size of a
dime and half an. inch deep. He says
he cut these there to let the devil out
of -his body six years ago. He pares
filbert nuts to the white and Inserts
one . In each . ankle hole. every morning
to keep the wounds from healing. Then
he binds his ankles with cabbage
leaves. -
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
JAPANESE LOSE v
NUMBER OF MEN
Balfoup Says Czars Officer
Reflected on Honor of England
Testimony Tells of High
Character of Work Done
by the Accused Engineer
Refuses Treatment and Be
lieves He Will Die if
the Punctures Are Healed
Disaster Visits Underground
Toilers, Whose Bodies Ee
niain in Blazing Pit
PUTS NUTS IN WOUNDS
TRACING THE MONEY
General Sakharoff Ke
ports Victory fin
Fight on Hun.
Gallant General Says
Port Arthur Will
Be His Grave.
MAY BE SIXTY VICTIMS
DENOUNCES HIS TALE AS ROMANCE
Russian Admiral Is Vigorously Scored
by Premier of Great Britain.
Defense Takes Bright Tiew
of Case Instituted by
the Federal Government
Arabian in Iowa Hospital
Adopts Novel Method to
Free His Body of "Devils"
Explosion in Colorado Scat
ters Rocks and Timbers for
Quarter of a Mle Around
BROWN MEN
BEATEN BACK
BY RUSSIANS
DEATH SEEMS
INEVITABLE
TO STOESSEL
NEW ETlDENCE
FAVORS CARTER
MANY KILLED
IN COAL MINE
BORES HOLES
IN HIS SHINS
CANNON BOOM ALONG THE HUN
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALI^ -OCTOBER 2<>, 190*.
VLADIVOSTOK,^ Oct. 28.— Admiral
Jeesen has assumed^ command of i the
first Pacific squadron, succeeding.; Vice
Admiral > Bezobrazoff,^ who j, is - : leaving
Vladivostok : for" St. 1 : Petersburg. " * -
Bezobrazoff Is I Relieved.
v •: WASHINGTON; Oct: 2 8.^-Star post
office-service in- California "'changed "as
follows:^Placeryllle; to : Pacific; < from
November/;^,' "^ornit^carrier.' *" Service
f rbmvRutherfordlto^ LomltasTis 'changed
to"* begin;at* St.i Helena^? November^ 3.*?,*
PostofHce , Service . ; Changes.
".•SANTA: ANA, Oct. 28.— Jacob , P.
Kindt; -aged 58, \ of (Orange,;' while'
/working; In a well near. Garden i Grove
this •afternoon, was :burled under tons
"of sand, -which caved, Lin -upon 'him.
His - t body>? was recovered at a ' depth J of
twenty,- feetI^*'$^{BBBBBB*te9fe^SBB
Buried Under : Tons '¦-, of t Sand.
VIGO, Spain. Oct.; 2 8.— The Russian
warships finished ; coaling, to-day; but
no preparations for their departure are
visible. It is • rumored that Admiral
Rojestvensky has , received ' an ''-. Import
ant ; cipher message from St Peters-
Russian Ships Coal at- Vigo.
TOKICK Oct. 29 (8 a. :m.) —A press
telegram from General Kuroki's head
quarters reports that jon'Thureday -the
Japanese captured iWaltaqshari. after
sharp fighting. The attack began at > 8
o'clock in the jnornin gf and ' ended at 4
o'clock «n the afternoon.; thejRusslans
retreating. ¦ The "Japanese
two machine g:uhs. v. The / Russian^ cas
ualties are; estimated ' at ¦, 2 00 ' and those
of: the "Japanese •., at 1 70.*," f The Rus
sians-occupied Waltabshan ./ on the
14th\lnsjlant^wHJiTelgh't\cbmpanie8.'and
began /constructing* I defenses. > - 'The
Russians retreated across' the " l Shakhe
'River^'-w ¦ ' '.".-¦¦'-.', . s _ ¦¦.'-.'-¦¦" ;¦' „'; -¦•:«
Japanese Force , the Russians Across
the . Shakhe River.
State Department /Thinks Shah Too
Dilatory Jn Punishing Murderers
' of American; 3Iisslonary.
WASHINGTON. . Oct. 28.—Immedi
ate action looking to the arrest of the
trio of outlaws implicated in the mur
der v of , Mr. Labare, the American mis
sionary, nearly a year ago, in Persia,
will* be insisted upon by Dr. ?{prton.
Consul ; at : Harput, .who ; has' J/een sent
to ; Persia.- by. the State Department ac
credited : to '.Teheran as ¦ envoy '. on a
special ¦ mission. J At -: the State De
partment, it Is ] stated "that " the Jeader
of t the 'i band "{supposed to have mur
dered : Labare has* been arrested. .The
Persian Is" acting: with a
dilatbriness not to ' the liking of the
Washington officials and- Dr. Norton
will be instructed to» state. the dissat
isfaction,of,this Government with; the
conduct of '¦ the " case.'.
3
DOAX'S PILLS.
DON'T" LEAVE Tl CITY
Plenty of Proof Right Here in
San Francisco.
Claim is one thing, proof another.
Columbus claimed the world was
round.
Did people believe it? Not until
he proved it.
Unproven claims have made the
people skeptics.
Every claim made for the "Little
Conqueror" is proven.
Proven in San Francisco by local
experience.
- Here is /one case from the many
we have:
Mrs. Catherine Bartlett of- 2730
Twenty-first street says: "I have'
used many dollars' worth of medi-
cine guaranteed to cure kidney com-
plaint during the last seven vears. but
I must confess the benefit I received
from the most of it was infinitesimal.
My trouble dates fi^m o\erwork
when nursing rhy late husband,
through his final sickness, and it is
very difficult to adequately' express
what I really endured. Knowing that
trouble with kidney secretions^ is al-
ways a sure indication of inward
trouble with the kidneys, I had not
the slightest doubt about the cause
of the complication, but what to do
to stop it was a mystery. Doan's
Kidney Pills came to my rescue at a
time when sorely required. It took
three boxes to bring good, sound
health, but I consider the money well
invested."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c
Foster-MHburn Co., Buffalo. N. Y.,
[ sole, agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
SINFUL, NEGLECT
How is it possible fcr a sane man with
good teeth to destroy them through careless
neglect I SOZODONT is positively bene-
: ficial. It has made the toothbrush habit a
; real pleasure-
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
the - natural complement of SOZODONT
: Liquidate a beautiful. polisher, absolutely
; free ; from gnt and acid. Are you using It ?
•You' ought to be.
a FORMS LIQUID, POWDER. PACTS.• YOUP. PRINTINO OK TIMB.-iGabriel Print
ing Co. print anything 418 Sacramento , tWX •
November Sunset . Magazine •• Jb now, on th«
newsTst*nds. ( Read | Hopper' s j football i story 'and
the . other .' attractive / stories and articles i The
Thanksgiving;- number, /richly - Uluetratei • > a
OOicials Clash In Chlcb. r
CHICO, Oct..28>— A warrant was is-
sued this afternoon by 'Justice ; Faulk
ner-for,'the : arrest \ of ;^CIty > Marshal
Harry, .White,*, charged. -"with'C battery
upon City Trustee and^ Superintendent
of Streets J. -McC Stilibn.^- Stilson-'ac
cused'the-City^ Marshal of rriot^oing
his 'duty' and a' clash resulted, i . 1 ,'V>. :
.;; STANFORD .UNIVERSITY, (Oct. - 2 8.
Commander^C. !.T.': B.- Moore; U. i SJ 1 N.',
addressed ; the students this" morning" at
the -third] regular ruhiyersity* assembly.
He ; spoke ' 'on ¦y.'JThe \ Nayy~Its Orgahi
ratfon and 'Achievements," pointing out
the chief (features "of ithe greats naval
system*; as , maintained ° %r\> this "country
and the "~ important ¦ part ¦ the navy . has
played in; American, warfare.- ' : .
Students Hear > Naval. Officer;
- : The annual sanitary conference of
cityiT. State. and Federal health of
ficials .will be held to-day In the rooms
of the Health Board , at the City : Hall.
The /conference .will be presided ; over
by; James isW. JWard^ M^ D., president
of - the r 1 ocal Health .Board. Interest
ing papers on sanitary topics will be
read ,by"Dr. ;E. von Adelung, Profes
sors = Rhinehart and * W^Ilbur and oth
ers. Chief Inspecting Physician Hass
ler I will demonstrate the diseases ¦ pe
.culiari;to' impure -meat. .The confer
ence^will i,be ; concluded !,with a ban
quet tendered ; to the delegates by Dr.
Ward at the i Palace.; '
Interesting Papers on Sanitary Top
ics Will Be Read; by Several
;'-'; • •'- Delegates.
C. C Moss, an 'employe of Miller
Bros., who conduct a poultry business
in Union Square Market, was arrested
by officers of the Humane Society yes
terday for picking chickens alive. The
work • is . said to have been done in a
peculiarly / cruel '-. manner. Secretary
Holbrook 'of the society says Moss
strung the fowls up* f by; their legs,
stuck a heavily weighted hook in their
mouths to keep their, heads TV down,
stripped off their, feathers and .threw
them,; still fluttering, Into' a basket
The one man is said to have picked
200 chickens daily^ in : this :•-. manner.
Moss ¦ was released > on ¦: $ 1 0 •; cash j* bail. 5
Officers of the ; societyj, have • been at
temptingHo, catch'. Moss , for several
days, j, but > .were - unable \Xo " do so until
yesterday. .,. .-;. . .' . . . .^ . .
Picks Chickens Alive.
HEALTH OFFICIALS . TO
HOLD ~ ANNUAL CONFERENCE
-WASHINGTON. Octl 2 8.— Ho tel ' ar
rivals:* New Wlllard— Mrs. K.^ Brenner,
Miss K. C. Brenner; J. Corbis and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. George -Herrmann, ']¦ Bliss
Herrmann, f > Gerald Herrmann,;- Heieri
B. Herrmann, William' B. " j Faville". A.
A ronson, Leo B.^Alexander, ¦ San ; Fran
cisco ; ' J. C. ; Branner, Stanford- Univer
sity. Riggs Housed— Milo A." Baker, and
wife, Dr; -Lin, Los -Angeles. f^ i:
Calif ornlans In Washington.
>. If you: are; going* 'go now. It is the.chanco
of , the . seaeon.. Visit the - famous f. Big Trees
on the way In :or. out via' the Southern Pacific.
6ee ;.tht f ''QrlMiy/. Giant" and , other majestic
titans > of the forest.. Best meals 'all. the way
and every courtesy, extended. Call and "get
full > particulars .; from •,' agent .: at = 613 > Market
street,' the Southern Pacific office. . . ' . •
It Is .still warm and clear In Yosemite Val
ley, and those who go now, will find their trip
satisfactory. '. The , early rains ': swelled the
waterfalls j and laid * the dust . «n~; all the trail*
and " roads. - j Both staging: and ; climbing may
be done in comfort. ,. ¦ "... •.• -->• ¦„
Now Is the Time to Make a Most Sati
PfH§$ isfactory.Trip. . ¦: •
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
.GLEN ELLEN,, Oct. 2 8.~JohnWil
kinson, a well known 'of /this
district, /while ". hauling a load 'of ¦ lum T
ber, -was'crushed to death last evening
by .the overturning 'of ; the load."," .Wil
kinson was unmarried. :
John Wilkinson Meets ' Death by the
¦ Overturning of • Wagon He
' ¦ . : ; Was -Driving; /;^.'.' : -
GLEN: ELLEN FARMER CRUSHED
BENEATH LOAD OF LUMBER
Presents Order Too I^ate.
Henry W. Copp, Jeweler, 134 Sutter
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for the ar
rest of G. W. Adams on a charge of
obtaining . goods by false pretenses.
Copp sold a gold watch and chain to
Adams on Thursday and in payment
received an order for. $80 on the
Southern Pacific Company, with
whom Adams was employed as a
clerk. Copp took the order to be
cashed, but found that Adams had
drawn his' pay about two hours be
fore and had left the company's ser
vice. Detective Lewin of the South
ern Pacific is also looking for Adams.
- Charles ' Schmidt, . a veteran of the
war in the Philippines, committed sui
cide last Thursday night in, his room
at 742 Fulton street by.inhaling chlo
roform. : His, dead body was found
yesterday forenoon . in , bed with hla
face- in a mass of cotton. lint that had
been saturated with chloroform.
He had been a corporal . in . Com
pany ,M, Fifth Infantry, «tatioried In
the Philippines.
Schmidt had been Hying for about
two months at 742 Fulton street and
for the, past six weeks had. been very
despondent . because i or his, poverty
and the fact ¦ that " a . married woman
with whom he was in • love had not
reciprocated .his passion.
; ; The ; suicide, left a note saying that
he' was tired of life and inclosing- $10
for the purchase of ; a, funeral urn to
hold , his \. ashes, he desiring .. that his
remains should 'be cremated.
Former Corporal In Army Chloro
; forms Himself Because of Unre
turned Affection.
UNRECIPROCATED LOVE
" ' WAS SCHMIDTS UNDOING
The wife of Walter R. Nichols, a
fireman with Truck 7, applied to the
Commissioners for her husband's sal
ary during his absence on sick leave.
On June 28 Nichols was taking a bath
in the firehouse when an alarm came
in. He shouted to some of the fire
men to. take his place at the tiller of
the truck. No one heard him and he
was compelled to respond to the fire
clad only in the service outfit.
Nicholas said that on July 6 he. first
felt the effects of exposure and was
compelled to. lay off for a month. . On
September 13 his condition was fur
ther aggravated 'and he was again
compelled to lay off. The Commis
sioners took the matter under advise
ment. ' v
The remainder of the session -was
occupied in granting petitions for pay
that were vouched for by. the battal
ion chiefs. . Acting Chief . Dougherty
will return next Tuesday to assume
his duties at the head of the * depart
ment, thereby relieving Acting ' Chief
Shaughnessy. '-¦
' The meeting of the Board of Fire
Commissioners passed yesterday with
out the usual castigatlon of the Su
pervisors. ¦ -
Spirited Members of the Commission
Transact Routine Business and ,
Quickly Adjourn. v
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— By orders
oi the War Department Post. Quarter
master Sergeant John ,S.. Scally, 'Fort
Logan, C°l°-, when relieved.' by Post
Quartermaster Sergeant Herman Roth,
will be sent to the Presidio, San Fran
cisco, and the commanding: officer of
that post will send him to Camp Me-
KJnley. H. T., - on the first avail
able transport. There he will report
to the commanding officer, to "relieve
Pest Quartermaster' SerWeant.T.'- Pat
ton. Sergeant Patton, will be sent'to
Manila. . Sergeant Axel Br#berg, Hos
pital Corps, Fort Hamilton; New York,
will accompany a detachment of Com
pany XT* Hospital .'.Corps,.! from J the
army general hospital, -Washington,
which, is to' be sent to San Francisco,
thence to Manila on transport- sailing
about December 1. Contract Surgeon
Ira Ayer, United States army, now at
San Francisco, is ' relieved from duty
in the Philippines division arid will*re
port to- the commanding general- , of
th*1>epartment of California for, duty*
. Under orders ' of ; the Navy .Depart
ment .Paymaster. QY M. Lukest is 'de
tached from duty at;- the naval hos
pital, , Yokohama, .Japan, and^ goes
home td await orders. -
Army und Navy Orders.
FIRE BOARD'S MEETING
PASSES PEACEFULLY
,13. W. Andrews, president of the
Seattle National, ¦ will be president of
the - consolidation. The . Seattle; ; Na
tional- absorbed the Boston National
Bahk,76ne"of the oldest in the city,
a year ago. - ; . ...i ' • .' - -'
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.--The Seattle
National Bank and the National Bank
of Commerce of .this city to-day, an
nounced a consolidation ;, of. .their in
teresfs with a capital stock of $600, 000
and a surjplus of $200,000. The. name
for the consolidated bank haa not been
chosen.; -? :..
Consolidation of the Seattle National
and the Bank of Commerce '
Announced.
We Can Prove Beyond Doubt
That Leslie Sterilized Salt is a greet improve
ment. Ask for it. A refined table salt of merit.*
TWO BANKS IX THE NORTH
3IERGE THEIR INTERESTS
Proposals of the Sagebrush College
Favorably Acted Upon by ¦-
\ the "Cardinal. ¦' ' ,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 28.
The debating, committee has acted .fa
vorably on. the proposal of the~Unl
verslty, of Nevada to establish inter
collegiate debating relations between
the two institutions. The first debate
will probably be held at Reno.
BANKRUPT CLERK.— F. O. Esersdorff. a
clerk. San Francisco. Hied a petition in In
solvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $4~6 and haa no asset*.
STANFORD WILL DEBATE
WITH NEVADA UNIVERSITY
GOLDFIELD, Nev., Oct. 28.— A big
strike has been made on -the January
claim here. According to reports ore
running $380(Ta ton has been opened
up at a point 128 feet from the shaft.
The ledge has been superficially pros
pected under a lease to L. L. Patrick,
"January" Jones, Zeb Kendall, J.
Reilly and others.
Ore Running Thirty-Eight Hundred
Dollars a Ton Said to Have
Been Found.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 28.— Eastern
capital, represented here "by local
bankers, has been invested > in the
properties of the old Snoqualmle Falls
Power Cornpany, of which Charles H.
Baker of this city was the organizer
and president. A new; company has
been . formed, the , Seattle-Tacoma
Power,. Company, succeeding the Sno
qualmle Falls and White River Power
companies. Baker will retire as presi
dent. ; ' • . . .
. . The new company will have a capi
tal stock of 53.500,000. It is probable
that bonds will be issued.
Syndicate -Takes Over ¦ Snoqun 1 inic
Falls Concern, With Capital of
Over Three Million.
RICH STRIKE IS REPORTED
FROM GOLDFIELD, XEV.
WASHINGTON POWER COMPANY
PASSES INTO EASTERN HANDS
Mrs. Hirschfeld scoffs at the police
theory that any one of her guests took
the diamonds. The box in which the
stolen gems were returned gives no
clew to the thief. Though evidently a
novice in crime, [ the robber was cun
ning enough to refrain from using his
or her handwriting to address the
package.
While Mrs. Hirschfeld is satisfied
with the return of her: property and is
not anxious to press the case, the police
are still attempting to run the robber
down. They claim that an arrest may
be made which will cause a sensation.
Detectives DInan and Wren, who were
detailed on the case, suspected that
some one who was familiar with the
household affairs of the Hirschfelds was
the thief.
The robbery occurred under peculiar
circumstances. The Jewels were stolen
from their hiding place under a mat
tress in a bedroom of the Hirschfeld
residence a week ago Thursday, while
Mrs. Hirschfeld was giving a birthday
reception.
The diamonds stolen from the resi
dence of Mrs. Emil Hirschfeld, at 1373
Masonic avenue, were returned yester
day to the owner by mall. This fact and
other corcumstances connected with the
robbery point to the work of an ama
teur thief, who was probably a woman.
The precious stones, valued at $2500,
were in a small box, such as is used to
hold a manicure set. When the letter
carrier delivered the box at Mrs.
Hirschf eld's door it was wrapped in
plain manila paper. There was no
handwriting on the package. It was ad
dressed by means of clippings of .a
newspaper account of the robbery,
reading:. "Mrs. Emil Hirschfeld, 1373
Hafecnic avenue. The San Francisco — "
The package arrived • after Emil
Hirschfeld left his home yesterday
morning to consult with Captain Bur
nett. While he was discussing the af
fair with the captain Mrs. Hirschfeld
arrived and joyfully announced that the
missing jewels had been returned.
FAC-6IMILE OP PACKAGE IN
WHICH JEWELRY WAS RE
TURNED TO MRS. HIRSCHFELD.
The programme closed with "It Takes
Nine Tailors to Make a Man," from
"Robin Hood," aryi the anthem "Amer
ica." At the rendering of the national
hymn the audience rose — as it should —
and the proud young Americans
marched out to receive the congratu
lations of the club members and guests,
of whom there were many hundred-
The rooms were smartly decorated
with- poinsettias and huckleberry, with
red and green accessories, all of which
added greatly to the charm of the hour.
One hundred arid fifty children from
eight schools took .- part in the pro
gramme, which proved a revelation to
many of the audience— they who still
clung to the ideas of school children's
singing, gleaned from the performances
of ye olden time, when the loudest
singer was the best.
A class from the Gar field School on
Telegraph Hill garnered laurels by Its
splendid rendition of part songs; but
these little Latlnists are born with
latent music . In their . souls.
Miss Augusta Robertson's class from
the Pacific 'Heights" made a splendid
showing in part songs, as did Miss
Conn's baby class member, who gave
a motion song.
The sight-reading by children from
Mlas Holdin's class was something of
a surprise, as not an error was de
tected. --•¦¦¦. -£-:-:
The music section of the California
Club had a red-letter day session yes
terday afternoon when Miss Estelle
Carpenter, the supervisor of music in
the public schools, gave a pupils' re
cital.
j . NOGALES, A. T^ Oct. 28.— The resi
dents of Nogales, Sonora, were terrified
| last night by the report that a party
! of a hundred or more Yaqui Indians
! were hiding in the mountains back of
that town awaiting an opportunity to
{make an assault on the place. A
i rancher named Draga, who lives In the
I foothills of Huachuca Mountains,
j reached Nogales. about' dusk with the
report. . About midnight a messenger
arrived .from the same section, cori
| firming the story: arid stating that the
I Indians on the warpath were well sup
! plied .with arms and ammunition. ; j
I The authorities bestirred themselves,
' practically the whole town was aroused
-and all preparations were made for the
attack so fully expected. Eight years
ago the Indians attacked the Nogales
j Custom-house and the officials believed
' that the assault would be made at that
point. By morning 'nothing had been
heard or seen of the party and the
people of the town relaxed' their vigil
: ance.
j Colonel Kosterlitzky, who is at Mag-
I dalena, has been advised that the In
dians are on the warpath- in Northern
i Sonora and he will endeavor to inter
cept them with a detachment' 'of
Rurales, as it is believed they have
! been rclding ranches in remote • sec
i tions.
to 3Ieet Attack, Which Does
Not Materialize.
Citizens of Nogales, Sonora, Prepare
PUPILS RECITE
AT CALIFORNIA
CLUB QUARTERS
FORCE OF YAQUI INDIANS »
THREATENS MEXICAN TOWN
One of the, trains left , Garcia sta
tion with gravel "for the 'White Hill
tunnel and was near Lagunitas, when
without warning an up-country work
train approached and . before . the
brakes could be applied .the two
crashed. V The , locomotives . were de
molished, but the crews, .with -the ex
ception of Conductor Kidder; and En
gineeV Garcia, ': escaped . in jury.. .The
former sustained a sprained ankle and
.the latter a contusion of the hip. -Both
will "be confined to their :beds .for sev
eral, weeks. T.he railroad: people -have
not" yet ascertained wiho is to. blame
for .the .•„ wreck. -. •->.-. -
SAN^RAFAEL, Oct. 28.— A head-on
collision occurred - upon the North
Shore Railroad early this morning be
tween two work trains between La
gunitas and San Geronimo and as a
result two of the train crew were seri
ously injured. The wreck, was the out
come of the failure of one of the en
gineers to regard his signals. .'
Engineer Are Hurt:
Lngunitns and Conductor and
Work Trains Come Together Near
SAN JOSE, Oct. 28. — A Coroner's
jury to-day decided that the death of
Mrs. Mary E. Riddle, who died a
couple of days ago, was due to septic
poisoning through neglect of medical
aid.' Dr. Howard B. Gates, who had
been called 'in at the last moment, re
fused to sign a death certificate.
Mrs.' Riddle had been 111 for many
years and had tried many physicians.
William Farwell of the Home ot Truth
had been called into the case about
ten days before her death and had
treated her. J. W. Riddle testified
that his wife had received the most
relief from the Home of Truth treat
ment, at one time recovering her
strength after being in an apparently
dying condition.
Dr. H. B. Gates, who made the au
topsy, said he had been summoned
to attend Mrs. Riddle and found .her
beyond relief. , .William Farwell. when
called, admitted he knew nothing" ot
medicine, but had treated Mrs. Riddle
by prayer.
Jnry Reports Wopaan Treated by
Home of Truth Methods Victim of
Neglect of .Medical Aid.
PRAYERS FAIL TO PREVENT
; THE APPROACH OF DEATH
TWO PERSONS INJURED
IX NORTH SHORE WRECK
WOODLAND. Oct. 28.— Peter Veil
strup, keeper of ,the wampum "of the
lcrcal tribe of Order of Red Men, to-day
confessed to' his fellow members that
he has been systematically appropriat
ing the f unds, of the tribe to his* own
use. He" begged .the members to deal
with him according to the ; law, but to
save his bondsmeni "
Veilstrup is a '¦''- charter .member of
Shawnee r Tribe of Woodland' and has
held .the- office of, keeper of the wam
pum, which corresponds to treasurer in
other orders, for > several years. His
first theft, he said, was five years ago,'
when he helped himself to $50. ' The
treasury of the tribe is now depleted
and Veilstrup. with sobs, admitted that
he is responsible for it. . It is estimated
that his thefts have exceeded $1000.
Veilstrup is now in the County Hos
pital, whither he went a few days ago.
It develops that his ailment is caused
by constant' worry over his dishonest
administration of his office. A com
mittee of his 'fellow Red Men waited
upon him yesterday to attend to some
financial matters. It was then that^he
admitted that the treasury. was empty
and told of his crime. . The District At
torney has been apprised of the facts,
but -is waiting for some one to swear
out a complaint for Veilstrup's arrest.
The Red Men have not yet acted.
SAN JOSE. Oct. 28.— Judge Rhodes
to-day handed down an opinion in
which he overruled the demurrers of
the, Bay; Cities Water Company to the
complaint In , the suit brought by
Charles. Hill to. restrain the company
from diverting the waters of Coyote
Creek at a point where they sink into
underground strata, forming, so tbe
plaintiff alleges, an artificial supply
from Coyote station to Alviso.
Judge Rhodes enters fully . into the
law governing the use of subsurface
waters and the right to restrain by in
junction any Interference with its use
by landowners beneath whose soil they
flow, and he deals minutely with the
physical features of this valley, show
ing the formation of soil and strata,
the sources and trend of the subsurface
waters and their necessity to the fruit
growers. He sustains the plaintiffs
contention as to the law, throwing upon
the defendant the task of proving that
the physical facts in this " particular
case are not such as would come under
the law as Interpreted by the court.
- The fruit growers in a large section
of the vallev are convinced that upon
the outcome of the suits against the
company depends the future success or
failure of their crops, and this decision
is hailed by them as a distinct victory
at the initial stage of the proceedings.
The • engine got away on the . steep
down grade with a heavy log train be
hind It. and the rails were slippery
from the fog.
TACOMA, Oct. 23.— In Jumping from
a runaway logging train near Graham
station I. J. Kistner, a fireman, was
killed about midnight last night on^the
Tacoma Eastern Railway. Engineer C.
A. Davis also Jumped. but-landed.'safe
ly. H. C. French, a brakeman, sitting
on the tender, seeing the engineer and
fireman had gone, went -into t the cab,
put on all the sand he could and kept
the brakes on until the train came to a
stop after a run of about one mile. He
was uninjured, and had Fireman Kist
ner not Jumped his life would have been
spared.
"For God's sake, jump," was the ex
clamation heard from the engineer, ac
cording to the statement made by
French. The engineer and fireman
dropped off, and seeing the cab vacant
French jumped to the engineer's post
arid saved the train. Frank Lainrey.
another brakeman, remained on the
water car during the frightful ride.
Conductor Cooper and the brakeman
went back' in • search of the engineer
and the fireman.' Davis was found safe,
having alighted all right, but the body
of Kistner was found by the side of the
track. His head was crushed in and
death had evidently been instantane
ous. He was 26 years old and leaves a
young wife, "whom he married last sum
mer. - j ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
:¦*:' Miss Steena^ Lay in" had Just returned
from, Santa Cruz, 'she testified, and was
.with: a lady friend -Jwhen ; she met Fred
Johnson, >, electrician, also with ¦ a : lady
friend/; at \Z : 30 o'clock yesterday -morn
ingon" Market close to Stockton.
"Hello, Fred," she said ; I "where on earth
have* you been ?" Fred was telling; her
he had ibeen. "walking ¦ Jrourid" 'with his
lady friend and [ that they" had "been '•¦ fol
lowe'df arid ; bantered { by : Quartermaster
8ergeaht 'i Frank- ~ Smith", ,. Company D,'
Twenty-eighth Infantry,; In civilian at
tire. And iwhile? Fred; was /telling her^
Miss i Laviri \ added, t up; stepped . Frank
arid ¦ punched ,, Fred; " and she "was sure
Fred Jdidh' t) hit] Frank r at ? all, - and she
th^ghtjit^was?justm:shaine^that;the
policeman "arrested both/ of ; them; ,'i Miss
Lavin's ;. testimony; was Vcorroborated by
her lady friend r and : Fred's" lady ; ; friend,
Wesley F. Fowler, accused of embez
zlement, failed to appear when his case
was in Judge Mogan's court, and
an ' attorney, explained his absence' by
stating that while visiting Angel Island
with one' of his bondsmen, C. L. Ortega,
the : twain were arrested and detained.
As proof of ; his statement* the lawyer
exhibited to the court 'the following tel
egram which^ he had Just received:
"Arrested on Angel Island." Tell wives.
W. B. * Fowler." '•' • '
'Case continued till to-day. Wives no
tified?St9i3N&fiiJH&0Si8&£K3§i^
Roy Kelly- and Rix Romalne. alleged
to be Stanford footballists, were cleared
of the" charges of battery, disturbing the
peace and resisting an officer which had
been filed, against them by two special
policemen ' attached to an O'Farrell
street music hall. The testimony before
Judge Cabaniss showed that , Kelly ac
cidentally broke a glass and that he
was clubbed >y one. of the officers,
whereupon he "tackled" his assailant,
while his companion* took care in simi
lar manner of the officer who dashed to
his comrade's aid." The sturdy young
fellows had much the'best'of the situa
tion, witnesses ' testified. . when their op
ponents won out by asserting their of
ficialism. Case dismissed on the ground
that Kelly was Justified in; protecting
himself from being unjustly clubbed.
Seaman Barngrover was saved from
unseemly ; slumber by the . summoning
of another witness.
"Oh, I don't know,'* he yawned in re
sponse to the court's query as to how
many shots were fired. "There was a
scrap, I guess," he continued, behind a
tarry hand, "and I guess some shooting
was done. Two kid soldiers were there,
and (yawn) one fired a pistol. A bullet
or two (yawn) hit m* in the clothes,
and (yawn) 1 didn't pay much atten
tion to (yawn) where the other bullets
went. Naw, I wasn't (yawn) wounded.
Oh, (yawn) one of the soldier kids had
the pistol. Naw, I (yawn) don't know
which of them had (yawn) it.".
Charlie Barngrover, ordinary seaman
aboard the Pensacola, told Judge Mo
gan about the shooting of G. Musso
pianist, by Private John.V. King. United
States Infantry, one night In the Cape
Nome saloon. The mariner'* narrative
was interesting, but his manner indi
cated ennui.
• ? ?
Then it was that Miss Faix com
menced the oration that figuratively
prostrated the prosecution, the bench
and the attorneys' table and finally
compelled her dismissal. For seven
and one-quarter minutes by Clerk
Barney Conlan's watch she talked
without cessation, ignoring alike, the
attempted interruption of opposing
counsel. and the would-be restraining
gestures of the Judge. What she
said was not intelligible to any of her
hearers, until she , abruptly elevated
her voice from an even monotone to
a C sharp declaration that she was riot
a "Dutch pig" and would not allow
any living person to address her by
such an appellation. When nature
eventually asserted itself and forced
her. to a prolonged breathing intake
the Judge took advantage of the op
portunity to continue the hearing one
calendar month and inform the de
fendant that she was at liberty to go
forth on her own recognizance. Then,
before she could resume her harangue
the bailiff cleared the witness stand
and called the . next case. >
"And it is my sincere wish," said
his Honor, ; as \ Miss \ Faix swept ma
jestically through the congregated and
somewhat disappointed opposition,
"that I may nev^r.see any of you peo
ple again— or at least until human In
genuity .invents , and ...an', indulgent
Board of Supervisors equips this
court with a device for the silencing
of witnesses who . are afflicted with
garrulity such as we have just ex
perienced." * ,V;V A
Miss Annie Falx, a "buxom- brunette
.of, unmistakable Teutonic nativity,
talked herself Into the court of Po
lice Judge CabanisR and then delib
erately talked her way out again. She
was formally accused of having dis
.turbed.the peace of Mrs. A. Dodge of
1549 Twenty-second street by saying
things. It was not the quality of the
language complained of-^although
that was harassing enough — that " ex
asperated Mrs. Dodge*.* She could make
allowance ] for educational Imperfec
tions, and had "always done so. But
the .quantity of words exploded by
Miss Faix, combined with the futility
of attempting to either check or es
cape the torrential flow,, was . more
than human patience could passively
endure. Much as she' disliked drag
ging herself or : any one else into pub
licity via the. Police Court route, Mrs.
Dodge could devise no other means of
obtaining permanent relief' from un
merited persecution by the, defend
ant's tongue: She would ask for no
other penalty than that of restraint.
No, she was not the only person who
had suffered from . Miss Faix's pen
chant for speaking. Right there in
court were about thirty other folk
who would corroborate every word
she had' said. Among, those present"
were H. B. Dodge, Miss Maxwell, F.
Comstock, W. L. Funk, another Mrs.
Dodge— but why enumerate the list?
They were there and ready to testify.
. Judge Conlan continued till Novem
ber 4 the case of Thomas Thornton,
alias George "Wilson, charged with hav
ing' stolen a diamond pin from Amon
G. Carter, of 107 New Montgomery
street. There are two similar accusa
tions against the same defendant, and
they will be taken up after the Carter
complaint has been disposed of. •
. Eleven matrons from Bartel street,
in the Latin quarter, were ready to
testify for or against SIgnora Sunta
ZuchclH, who accused Signora Ales
sandrino Graziani of having assaulted
her with lists and sticks and stones for
no provocative cause whatsoever. Seven
of the ladies had dark-eyed babes in
arms, and the infants Insisted on re^
ceiving maternal attention to the ex
clusion of everything else. As Judge
Cabaniss could not, even if he would,
punish them for contempt of court,
he continued the case and suggested
that when the witnesses return they
neglect to bring their tyrannical in-
John Murray was whipping: a re-,
luctant horse ~ attached to a wagon
load of wood when a policeman arrest
ed him on the Wisconsin-street hill,
and before Judge Mogan he pleaded
that he was forced to apply the lash
to keop the animal from, being dragged
backward down the declivity • by the
vehicle. This explanation, coupled with
his confession that he was an ama
teur teamster, obtained his dismissal.
James McCauley calmly ignored the
admonitory clanging of the gripman'a
bell, the shouting of the excited con
ductor and the yelling of the impatient
passengers as he drove his horse . and
wagon along the Larkin-street rail
road. Patrolman Cottle, who happened
to be among the passengers, arrested
the obdurate teamster after the latter
had : defiantly declared ' that he would
not "turn out for any d — d railroad
company." Before Judge Cabaniss Mr.
McCauley denied that he had uttered
any" profanity and pleaded that consid
eration for the feelings .of his horse —
a rather sensitive animal — was the
cause of his delay in clearing the track.
For neglecting to consider the feelings
of the passengers, who. were in>a hurry
to arrive somewhere, he was fined $5.
C. L.. Borreben was flourishing a re
volver, pf antique pattern and terroriz
ing the crew of a Hayes-street car
when his arrest occurred. As the
weapon was unloaded and as the de
fendant pleaded that It must have been
placed in his pocket by some practical
joker Judge Mogan dismissed the case.
, Judge Fritz sent two. men "separately
accused of felony to answer in the Su
perior Courjt, with the bail of each fix
ed at $2000. John McCormick was
charged with having stolen some small
change from the pocket of a man who
was asleep in a water-front saloon,
and George W. Tyrrell's alleged of
fense consisted of passing a forged
check.
Richard Lasco of 264 Michigan street
told- Mrs. John Ebert.of 352 Michigan
street that while he' would not direct
ly accuse her husband of chicken steal
ing he* was inclined to believe that if
the hen missing from his coop had
strayed into the Ebert;yard it would
not have been ; "shooed" out' again by
either.Mr.qr Mrs. Ebert". 4 Very wroth
waxed ' Mr. Ebert when his wife in
formed him of .'what Mr. Lasco had
said, and; he at once visited that gen
tleman '[ and vigorously , resented the
imputation cast upon his character, but
did- "not', commit batiery • or even
threaten to do so, MrT Lasco's testi
mony to the contrary notwithstanding.
Judge Cabaniss dismissed the case on
thecground that the taxpayers of San
Francisco could not a/Cord to have $*
worth of his time consumed in adjudi
cating a dispute over, a stx-bit chicken.
and Judge Mogan continued., Uie case
against -^m, but "pronounced Frank
guilty,- of havinsr * disturbed the peace
that environs the . intersection" of: Mar
ket and Stockton- streets at 3:30 a." m.
Sick From Long Worry
*" Over His Misdeeds, He Asks
That He Be Prosecuted
Issue at Stake Is. the Use
of Subsurface Flows in
the Santa Clara Valley
Runaway Logging Cars on
a Tacoma Line, With the
Crew Aboard, Are Stopped
BIG DISASTER AVERTED
OF $1000
SHORTAGE
It Is Not the Quality but the Quantity
of Her Words That Devastates^ '
VICTOKY FOE FEUITMEX
Engineer and Fireman Jump
on a Steep Grade, Latter
Losing His Life Thereby
Petef ? Veilstrup, Treasurer
; ,of Bed Men of Woodland,
Admits! Wholesale Thefts
Talks Herself Mo and Out of Court
Judge Ehodes Gives Opinion
in Suit Brought Against
the Bay Cities Company
Woman's Tongue Subdues
Judge and Lawyers.
STEALS FUNDS
OF HIS LODGE
TRAIN SAVED
BY BRAKEMAN
GROWERS HAVE
WATER RIGHTS
THE SAN ." FRANCISCO GALL, SATUIWAY/ 'dCTOBER :29,^190i
Police Still Think Crime Was Work of a Woman
Mysterious RpljM Wlip Stole Diamonds
From Mrs. Hirsichfeid Restores Them.
THIEF RETURNS JEWELS BY MAIL
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
"~~ . . — l Positirely cored by
f\ i DTC DO these Little Pills *
uMlil Ll\O .Tner also reliere Dls-
P5?J| m^ >a tress trozo. Dyspepsia. In«
t$Baj* I II LE fil^esUoa and Too Ilearty
£| 1 1/ IT D EaUDg. A perfect rem-
H nni?A edyrcrDlrzlneas, Nausea.
f^ PILLS. Drovrslaes3, Bad Tasto
*'3. El In tne Mouth. Coated
*i«ijSZ'^^2?.!i Tongnfli Pain In t?if side,
— — — — J TORPID IXVER. Ttey
reflate tbo Bowels.; Purely Vc«etaWe.- : ?' '¦.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE.. SKALL PRICE
Q^rrr^HCUIffi SICK HEADACHE.
GfiTTiE , Genuine Must Bear
t pills 1 ' i "v':'?P i^™|8.Slgn^uri' i
ADVERTISOIENTS.
"All roads lead to
- Fame/' said Golden
Gate, "but I shall meet
queer people as I £o.
•'Not everyone cares
for hltf h-grade coffee;
some prefer the ' cheap*
til J C
rank kinds. dome
dealers prefer to handle
bulk & bods instead of
coffee packed in aroma
tight tins.'
••I'm uniform in quality ;
I was aged in my native
country; I'm smooth
drinking— rich-aromatic ;
I'm ' i nil weijiht (honest).
With all this in my favor.
I cannot fail to please.
"I'm •sold on "merit/
merit Will win!!"
. Nothlai ioes with GOLDEN GATE
COFFEE bat satisfaction. Urn
prlsas — no coupons — no crock.ry.
I.aad 2 lb.r aromclliht ll>>.
Never sold in bulk.
J. A. Folger (Si Co.
Xstmbli«h«a half a C*nt«r7
: Sari Francisco•-';; Hopper* » L''Loco»otlve Jones'* i Is a T good foot
ball ' yarn In - November/ Suneet • Magazine/— A"
Thanksgiving b number, r^ filled ?- with a attractive
atattcr. - - Get I It 1 - of -, any ;• newsdealer^ * • * - • •? ¦
Uses Registration Certificate ?.< An-
i > other,Man as His Own and May 'h
Go to the Penitentiary. ; ; \
/•'.'Lee* Sooey^'was* held for 'trial'?yes
terday by .United \ States* Commissiorier^
Heacock'ujpon a'chargre of;h"avirir pre- ;
- sehted a -'false certificate of registra!
IEE SOOEY HELD . .
FOR' TRIALVFOR FRAUD
v ATTACHMENT,,. FOLLOWS i " SUICIDE.—
Pollowlne close on the ¦ heels of .the suicide
of .T." W. . Casteel, ; who was i to have been • tried
for^ a . murderous . assault " on • R.i L. x- Durham,
came the serving of an attachment ; yesterday
on i the California ; Business ! Colleger, of i which
Purham Is president; ?4 The attachment .was for
a claim of , |180 10 for goods furnished by a
typewriter ' company. "¦•¦ -;' 1 ~ \: ;* • ' . i;<.-
Another; of ' the ¦" Southern , Pacific' s'-^ popular
"excursions" to Santa \ Cruslwill ; be ; run ' Sunday.
October 30," for a' round trip rate of $2. Special
train j will leave Third and J Townsend streets
depot ¦ at < 7 :80 a. m.; '¦ returning J leave 8ahta
Cruz -4:10 p. m. A: nne ; > trip, through;; the
Santa - Clara Valley, ; Santa Cruz -. Mountains '
Big Trees, and a eplpndid time at the .beach
boating. • fishing, bathing or listening : to band
concerts. ; Excursion : : tickets •* at ** Third r and
Towrsend depot • or :. city ,. office. 618 Market
street. '¦'. '•¦ ¦.; :1^.:. ' '•¦¦.: -.-¦¦ ¦.-.».¦<.
$2 Round' Trip, Sunday, TOctobcf > 3O. !
EXCURSION TO SAXTA 'CRUZ.
l-lHe may-look pleasant whatever you offer,' but
set out VOld Gilt; Edge Whiskey" ! and he'll feel
pleasant.^ Wholesale at 29-31 Battery st.,~8. F.
Wichman, ; « Lutgen &-Co. v - ¦ • ¦ •
BONDS ITS DEBT—The Chico Electric
Railroad Company yesterday filed a certificate
of the creation of a bonded Indebtedness of
J2CO.O0O. The bonds are to be $500 thirty
year S per cents.
.MCCARTHY'S « WIFE .-. RECOVERING.'—
Michael J: . McCarthy was booked at the City
Prison yesterday ; on a '¦¦ charge of assault .' to
commit i murder. ; ' The complaint ..was : sworn ! to
before : Police . Judge Cabanlss -by Detective E."
It.- Gibson. ; ' McCarthy shot his young wife, Oc
tavla, i In their room at 1324 Market : street on
the morning of September 10. . : It : . was -, feared
for weeks . that the . w^und would prove fatal,
but ' she j Is ' now '; convalescing . at ; St. - Mary's
Hospital. ;: Jealousy ; . was " , the cause ' of s th«
shooting. McCarthy - was \ arrested ¦ at the time
and • haa been i held , in > the prison ever since.
> Rabbi' NIeto in a~ powerful sermon
welcomed his congregation . last night
at Congregation S her lth Israel on the
occasion' of the ; resumption , of the Fri
day evening services. .
. .Rabbi Nieto's subject was "Moses."
The life of the great "father 'of all the
prophets"; 'was poetically, described.
He said Moses was .the standard
bearer of truth and that his thoughts
were ever; looking to the wresting of
the helpless from tyranny.
. .1 Moses wished to free the slaves from
Egyptian tyranny, but not understand
ing what' liberty * meant, -they pleaded
to 'let 'well enough alone, saying, that
it ; were . better to be < a slave in Egyp.t
than starve -• in ' : the .wilderness. This
thought] led the rabbi 'to say that they
could not Jn twenty • years v - make : an
'American citizen of a man who is . ac
customed ,.to _ tyrannoua _ government:
The man, ¦* said ;"the rabbi, . wlllV sub
scribe • to ; the ; laws' of the country, 'but
he shows himself unappreclative ; of
the. institutions 'of freedom because of
his not ', understanding the' new; ideals
and conditions. V. \ - - % .'
Those Accustomed to Tyrannous Gov
ernment Are lUnappreciative of
Ideal Conditions.
• Whilst the fogs in San Francisco are' heav
iest ! the days In - Sunny Marln ' are ~ brightest.
It takes but 30 minutes to get out of the fogs
and the fare' In but 25 to 60 cents round trip to
Sausallto.. Mill ' Valley; Corte Madera. Lark
spur," Ross Valley.- Fairfax and San Rafael.
Saunallto . ferry * (North Shore electric t train*)
departd , dally at 7:05, 7:45.-8:25. 0:10, 9:50.
11:00 a. m.; 1:45. 3:15., 4:35. 5:15. B:50.'0:30,
7:15. 0 :00 < and 11 :35 p. m. j ¦ Mount ' Ta malpais,
ft 90 ¦¦ round t trip. .> Views f rorn , summit -un
rivaled. See «the -autumn •' colors. - Get copy
'"Short -Scenic". Trips" at 650- Market street. •
Delightful Snnnyv Trips.
RABBI NIETO DELIVERS
A POWERFUL SERMON
Wheat •(including N flour) •exports .for
the week aggregate ,1,479,(513 j bushels,
against \ 4,094,873^1ast i year? 'From ? July
1 " to'date ' the 'exports,'aggregate;22,451,*
961 bushels, against :- 63,901,647; bushels
last ' year. \ • • -. -\- >-'-;"/ '• '¦:'¦. , ¦> ; \~ ",-.
The_ features in this, week's ? trading
are the.good reports from leading West
ern centers , as to the retail i trade. Set
tled cold 'weather r is ; noted at the East
to stimulate ; fall distribution at, retail.
Raw" yfool is ' less ' active at the East,'
but firmly ' held for what ,' supplies are
available.; Lumber Is ;f airly active at all
Western points.,, There, is. more building
of all - kinds ; contemplated. A It \ is" also
improving at leading Southern
Business \ failures I for the*, week "num
ber .180, against - 217 ¦' last - year, and .in
Canada number.:22,. as against 25 last
year. .* ¦'.'. ; .' :"' ',*-. ;'¦':''.¦¦'. '.'.--.'
XEW YORK, Oct. 1 28.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow will say: Cooler weather has
helped retail- trade" af the 'West and
South. This is reflected In some re
order business from jobbers and whole
salers, which, while steady and better
than last year at this date, is not en
tirely up to expectations. This is possi
bly due to the close proximity of the
election,- which is credited in a few re
ports with holding back some business.
Leading industries I give quite satisfac
tory reiHjrts,' iron in its cruder form
leading, with active demand at advanc
ing prices. Collections as a .whole are
classed as good, being relatively best
at the; South.. Railroad earnings for
the first half of October will run over 6
per cent ahead of those : of, 1903. "•; There
still appear unmistakable signs that
caution and conservatism have hot lost
their value as yet and that these quali
ties still weigh the tendency .toward
optimism ¦ noted in recently preceding
t~ rlrii '' I 'WWII tflJBTTffHffinff'Ti
Is Optimistic in Tone.
Bradstreet's Review of .Week's Trade
COLLECTIONS ARE GOOD.
The automobile was badly damaged,
but other than a few bruises no one
was injured.. Ichenberger claims that
the motorman of the electric car did
not sound his bell before approaching
the crossing. The motorman says the
auto was going at a high rate of
epeed. which could not be checked.
Mr. Ichenberger . in vited Mr. and
Mrs. R. E. Allen of 930 Hayes street
and Miss Maud Adams of 327 Larkin
street to go with him for a ride to
Golden Gate Park. When the auto
mobile party reached Golden Gate
avenue and Fillmore street the colli
sion occurred with car Xo. 752 of the
Fillmore-street line, driven by Motor
man E. Fordburn and in charge of
Conductor Green.
H. P. Ichenberger of 217 Ellis street
and three companions who were en
joying an early morning automobile
ride yesterday at 1 o'clock had a nar
row escape from being injured in a
collision between the machine and a
Fillmore-street electric car.
H- F. Ichenbergcr and Ills Three
Companions Receive a Hard
Jolting.
v Trout fry, to the number; of 30,000
were sent out last 'night - to Garcia
River. . ';'-.;
.'Justice of the Peace Cunningham^ of
Baden ; has; fined , P. . Lombard! $50" for
killing meadow^ lark. Louis ; Zaiserv a
commission merchant. of Los "Angeles,
has been arrested for violating the' bag
limit on ducks. ¦ ' -. -'.-*.-
. The commission has also sent 75,000
Eastern brook trout ..' to. Butt',, and
Humbug creeks, and 'other streams -in
Plunias and Elj Dorado counties. It
has been " discovered by .Chief Deputy
Vogelsang that *, this delectable and
game fish '.will .thrive/ as well' in Cali
fornia "as "in New England. , " , :
• The Fish Commission has just
planted "seventy live striped bass' in' a
lagoon near Crescent City. The Board
of Supervisors of pel Nortel County
has promised to pass an ordinance for
bidding the capture of the fish for a
period of two years, by which, time
they will have'' had . a chance' 'to ' in
crease. ...'£'/;:- • _
Thousands of Trout and Bass Fry Are
Planted in" Central and North- i
crn Counties.
AUTOMOBILE PARTY COMES
TO GRIEF IN COLLISION
FISH CO3IMISSIONERS
. ' STOCK iMANY STREA3IS
The Promotion 'Committee reports
that F. J. Symmes, Andrea Sbarboro,
Fred J. Koster, C. E. Hill, . Colvln B.
Brown and Rufua P. Jennings^ ad
dressed the Butter-makers' Conven
tion at St. Louis yesterday 2nd extend
ed an Invitation to the butter-makers
to hold their next annual convention
in California. The committee also re
ports thjit by the end of October 9000
letters will have been sent out to cor
respondents in the East in reference
to California. Thousands who have
registered at the St. Louis Exposition
have been interested' in correspond
ence by the committee. A" dispatch
was received from St. Louis yesterday
that brought information that Presi
dent David' R. Francis of the exposi
tion'has been invited by the Califor
nians to attend, with the Promotion
Committee, the Lewis and Clark Ex
position to be ' held at Portland, Or.,
next year. * ¦; -
Callfofalans Address Convention at
SI. Louis and Offer Inducements
' to Visit State.
PROMOTION COMMITTEE ;
INVITES BUTTER-MAKERS
The penalty for the offense with
which Lee Sooey is charged is im
prisonment in the penitentiary for a
term not exceeding five years or a fine
of $1000. >
tlon. The certificate la a genuine one.
but the immigrant officials contend
that the prisoner is not Lee Sooey and
that the original photograph of Lee
Sooey had been taken oft the certifi
cate and that of the prisoner substi
tuted. The certificate states that. Lee
Sooey was a resident of Fresno and
that his right thumb was bigger than
his left. Sooey swore on the witness
.stand' yesterday that he had never
lived in Fresno.
SAN JOSE, »Oct. 28.— A survey for
an' electric railway' to Lick Observa
tory on Mount Hamilton is now being
made. Monday a 1 party of surveyors
under the direction of H.. P. Fisher!
who has been chosen engineer of the
road, was put to work. Two routes
will be sun-eyed, one by way of Alum
Rock Park and the other by way of
Evergreen. The work is being done
under the direction of the . Mount
Hamilton Exploitation Company,
which was organized through the ef
forts of the Chamber, of Commerce and
the Merchants' Association. ., The
length of the road will be abouttwen
ty miles and the estimated cost is
$500,000.
The Pikes Peak and Manitou" Rail
way Company, which is a sub-com
pany of the Colorado Midland Railway
and owns the railway up Pikes Peak,
hap offered to build the road. Their
Pikes ; Peak road has nroved a great
success, and they believe that- the
Mount Hamilton road will be a greater
scenic route than the Colorado -line.
It is believed the exploitation company
will take up the offer of the Colorado
company.
Proposed Railway, It Is Stated. Will
Rival That to Summit of
Pikes Peak.
SURVEYING ROUTE FOR ROAD
TO TOP OF MT. HAMILTON
"J-Abor is unusually well employed,
judging by the. official compilation of
the unions. Freight blockades cause
some complaint, which is remarkable
in view of the restricted grain- move
ments, and earnings in the three weeks
of October were 0.2 per cent larger than
that in iyO3. Foreign commerce at this
port for the last week exceeded the
same period a year ago. by $1,589,779 in
value of exports and $1,014,851 in Im
ports. .......
"Demand for domestic hiles in West
ern markets continues sufficient to ab
sorb all offerings, fully maintaining
quotations and in some instances caus
ing advances. After a long period of
dullness there has occurred a general
advance of small fractions in foreign
dry hides. .
"Failures this week numbered 233" in
the United States, against 253 last year,
and 28 in*. Canada, compared with 15
a year ago." '-. % v -.
"Mild weather early in the , week
checked the distribution of seasonable
goods, but had a permanent value in
facilitating the harvesting of cotton
and late grains. Subsequently the tem
perature fell, restoring retail trade in
wearing apparel, fuel and similar prod
ucts to greater activity than was ex
perienced a year ago. Building opera
tions are actlva, strengthening the
markets for lumber . and materials.
Manufacturing plants are making
steady gains, particularly in leading
industries, and it is significant that re
luctance to do business has shifted
from buyers to sellers, eliminating
largely the concessions in prices that
prevented stability.
NEW YdRKfOctT 29.— Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade to-morrow, will say:
Duirs Eeview Eeports Bus
iness Brisk and Harvest
ing Progressing- Favorably
WEATHER HELPS
RETAIL TRADE
POPULAR YOUNG WOMAN' WHO
LED THE GERMAN AT THE
ENTRE NOUS COTILLON.-
It is thought that the old gentleman
must have taken the poison some time
during the early morning hours. To
his note he added a postscript that re
quested his wife to see a Mr. Ed
wards. "He will aid you," he said.
Mr. Edwards has left the city tempo
rarily. He is a broker at 303 Califor
nia street and had had business deal
ings with deceased. The unfortunate
suicide was 68 years of age.
"My poor unfortunate wife: Put up
with the Inevitable. You have been
strong and tried in misfortune. Bet
ter without me than with me. I am
almost crazy. God watcii over you
all." : ¦::"¦%?.}
Before death the suicide wrote a
letter In German to his wife, which
translated reads:
Mr. Lichtenberg had been in busi
ness twenty years in this city. He en
gaged in a general shipping and com
mission trade and was agent for sev
eral commercial houses in Hanover,
Germany, his birthplace. At one
time he \ca* considered a ¦wealthy
man, but speculation decreased his
capital and in late years he has had
a hard time making both ends meet.
However, his two sons are alive and
they claim the financial situation with
the family was not so that
the old gentleman should have taken
it so seriously.
Edward Lichtenberg, the eldest son,
was much grieved over his father's
death. He said that his father did not
come home last night and this greatly
•worried the family. The Lichten
bergs reside at 2224 California street.
Depressed by a long series of busi
ness reverses that had slowly drained
him of his wealth. Rudolph Lichten
berg, a merchant and broker doing
business at 303 California street, took
his own life some time yesterday
morning. Death is supposed to have
been caused by cyanide poisoning.
The body was found by some boys
who were playing in Golden Gate
Park. It was in the brush opposite
the half-mile post of the speedway.
Xo bottle was found near the spot,
although a careful search was made
by the Coroner's deputies, who were
summoned to take charge of the re
mains.
With Business Reverses and
Becomes Despondent.
Aged Rodolph Ochtenberg Meets
MERCHANT OO>fMITS SUICIDE
RATHER THAN' FACE POVERTY
The resolutions urge a thorough or
ganization of the consular ; service and
favor a Department of Mines and'Min
ing in the Cabinet. • V? :.
The congress adjourned sine die."
We recommend that all the principal big
tree groves In California be secured by the
United States Government and held for park
purposes. [ • .. ! • . ¦ . ' • -
We. favor statehood for Oklahoma and the
Indian Territory, and in Joining these two Ter-,
rltorles into one State we urge upon Congress'
the Importance of a -spirit of fairness.
As an act of justice to Alaska and to those
desiring to go there, we favor a sectional sur
vey of said region. And we favor the amend
ing of the • homestead laws pertaining to th*
lands of Alaska so that any citizen of the
United States may acquire 320 acres by ejttle
ment. residence or commutation, providing that
applicant Is not the owner of 1C0 acres of land
and wishes said .320 acres for home purposrs. -
We favor the union of labor and th? com
bination of capital as the proper means to
advance the public good. We condemn any
act of either combined labor or combined cap
ital that In any .way abridges the natural
rights of any man. We recommend' the en
forcement of the Sherman .anti-trust act. and
to that end urge Congress to pass an amend
ment to that act making- It the duty of ¦ all
United States District Attorneys to prosecute
all unions of labor or capital whenever evi
dence making a prlma facie case of the .breach
of the terms of the act are presented.. And we
recommend the appointment of a special com
mission by Congress to Investigate the arbitra
tion lafws of New Zealand and other countries
which may have «uch laws. We recommend
to the several States and Territories the adop
tion of such legislation as will place the sub
ject of permanent road improvement under an
intelligent and uniform State and county
supervision. . - ; .
We recommend liberal expenditures for the
Improvement of rivers and harbors by the
Federal Government as -one -of the best and
wisest methods of appropriating public funds.
We recommend that ConRrr3s make sufficient
appropriations to complete the Improvement
of the mouth of the Columbia River and the
harbors of San Pedro and Oakland. Cal. We
recommend the improvement and ndniu.it>- pro.
tectlon of all Pacific Coast ports from Hritl.h
Columbia to the Mexican border. It Is the
¦ens e of thlx congress that there should bo
immediate construction of a naval station at
some point en tho Southwtttcrn Pacific Cosot.
We favor the passage by Congress of a law
amending the Interstate commerce ect so that
It shall definitely prohibit common "- carr'ers
from limiting or restricting their common law
liabilities hy any general or special notice.
We petition the Congress of the United States
to enact legislation empowering the: Interstate
Commerce Commission, when a rate or prac
tice complained of is found to be discrimin
ative or unreasonable, > to determine what
change • shall be made, which determination
shall be operative within thirty days, end so
continue until overruled or suspended under
judicial proceedings. . . • • - • • ¦ . ¦ - -
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 28.— The principal
business before the Trans-Mississippi
Congress to-day, was a discussion of
resolutions. Thirty recommendations
embracing many subjects were pre
sented. ' .
Portland, Or., was selected as the
next place of meeting of the congress.
The report of the committee on reso
lutions was unanimously adopted. It
says:
.The Tombstone consolidated # mines at
Tombstone, Arizona, are pumping 3,
000,000 gallons, of water a day. Sinking
continues.' In three shafts the mines
are' operating 100 feet below the former
water level. ' ,
• At Cripple Creek all the water-flooded mines
have been so far drained as to Justify deepen
lr» ' the shafts and the . driving of new levels.
Bodies of , payable material have been ' opened
and .partly, developed In the last six months.
Before the strike of 1003 the Cripple Creek ton
nage ran from: 35. 000 to 60.000 tons per month.
Now.lt reaches over C0.00O, with all the older
mines In producing condition and new ones
brorzht In. .'
The : Mining , World claims that the
Cripple \Creek- district in. Colorado is
employing more men and raising more
ore than at any previous time. The
ore output of September was about $2,
000,000." Leasers are opening new ground
arfd operating old mines and a very
large production is predicted* rhe paper
continues :V v'^ ;
-The cyanide era for Cripple Creek appears
to have come. ; The 'mills erected and under
construction will have a capacity for treating
2000: tons or more of ore per. day, and several
hundred. tons more mill capacity Is being con
sidered and may- be put under construction at
any time. , There , appears to be cyanidlng. ore
enough to^run these mills 'for years. It opens
possibilities ' for- production little realized
heretofore. It need not surprise any one It
the\cyan!dlnff plants of the. district within ':a
year or two would be treating , a tonnage con
siderably, larger than the present total tonnage
of- the; camp. ¦ The production of. high-grade
ore does not diminish, but rather appears to
Increase. -The camp is a marvel and a sur
prise.- .• . .
'.The Mining and Scientific Press re
ports concerning the work of draining
the Cripple Creek mines as follows: .
| The opening of the New York under
ground railway calls to attention the
fact that as much "mining" has for a
period b^.en. going, on in New York City
as In any; mining district in the world,
the Rand, possibly, being excepted. j In
the *; subway .the . cost ¦ of ; excavation
amounted .to '. $1,000,000 a. : lile and the
tunnel is ~22 } miles long, j :. While this
work has been In* progress the turinel-
Ing'of ,the Hudson River and very ex
tensive excavatidns for basements four
andjlve stories deep for business blocks
have been proceeding. The latest meth
ods of rock' breaking and dirt hauling
have been thoroughly .illustrated in the
greatest center of population in Amer
ica. ',/¦ '. : ' .. • :::.:¦:,.. .
The Santa Monica mine at Snow
point, Nevada County, has been bought
by ,E. Gregory & Co. of San Fran
cisco.
According to the figures of the United
States Geological Survey California
holds the fifth . place for copper
production in 1903. f Montana was first,
the Lake Superior region second, Ari
zona third and Utah fourth.
The Lake Superior copper mines beat
all. records in September, turning out
19,000,000 pounds of ingot copper that
brought . $2,500,000. , The Mining World
argues that a continuance of the pres
ent rate of Increase will make Michi
gan a. keen competitor with Butte for
first rank.
: Marysville and San Francisco nien
have bonded the Albion Hill mine, near
MaryEville, in the East Bear - River'
Township. . . _
MIning:in Inyo County is quite live
ly.'.-'In "the Funeral Mountains, Cohen
& De Lamar are _developing properties
on the east'side of, IJeath Valley. The
Republican Mining Company is operat
ing sevens miles from . Ballarat, in
Pleasant Valley. Many prospectors are
going through the Panamlnt range, i
There is a very good chance that the
old silver camp of Darwin, twenty-five
miles south of Keeler, will > be reopened. !
Three smelters were once operated
there. Twelve .miles east' of. Indepen
dence the Kearsarge Mining Company
will open up the old Kearsarge mine.
Operations on; the McGee ranch^ of
200 acres, in Butte County, 'south of
Oroville, l will be begun soon by the
English . syndicate . that recently ac
quired the property. A dredger is
about ready to be started.-
the Bunker Hill, the Pilot Peak and
the Bellevue. , **¦'.- '
According to local report* the Yellow
Aster mine at Randsburg is using 130
stamps continually. ; The Baltic mill in
the Stringer district and the Red Dog
mill at': Johannesburg are , running.
Throughoutihe district the indications
are good. • .
The San Jose Gulch. Mining Company
is expected Ao begin work next month.
The company owns 172 acres, of which
a part has be^'n worked by hydraulic
process.; "v-Ti^f ' •' •"
The Golden Scepter Mining Company
is preparing to run-its gravel mine near
Downieville.on a quite large scale.
;;j Mlh'eg V operating J in £ Plurhas >j County
included the flTabor,^ ' near;- GibsonvlIIe; ;
lh«]Happy;HollowjmlMH^]Sw1ftFii«?
MOUNTAIN £ PROPERTIES^
-. T. R. Muir and A. J. Holland of this county
have deeded ' to the, ' N<wv Ophlr : Mining Com
pany,:* corporation organlzsd under the laws
of California and having it* principal place of
business in Oakland, ithe Ophlr gravel mine, lo
cated* k by Felix Obar- in 18(50.-. situated In .the
Springfield district, this county.
The Providence.' Consolidated - GcM Mining
Company has deeded • to E. A. Wiltsee the
southwest -^ quarter -of,, southwest 'quarter' of
Section 12.'.Town»hlp 1 north. Range : 16 east,
situated about fcur miles east of . Carters, near
tho headwaters of V Duck wall, creek.- •. , ¦ •
*: George VW.Mapes has deeded to ' E.-.W.*' Hol
land all hla interest In the Surprise No., 1 and
No.'. 1 2 and .'Good, Luck quarts i mines. \" E.'-WV
Holland- has ; in , turn : deeded to , George W.
Mapes all his Interest in the Mapps & Wetmore
mine, the Oro Flno. ¦ Grace, Dollle Dimple and
Roosevelt • quartz mines..- . : ¦ > . -
- "A-. story, is told by the . Sacramento
Bee of an' alleged rich harvest that fell
to ten.meri who > have been employed
in ; thVGambrinus mine in the outskirts
of 'Whisky town, 'Shasta County.'. The
Bee says: J / ¦
¦ ' Ten; men employed /in the " Gambrinus ' mine,
on ' the S outskirts . of .this , little , mining ; town,
have i a • great . Joke on : the Eastern «¦ company
that has the I property under' bond. ' • The com
pany .was unable to meet I its obligations ¦, to : Its
employes .under .the.: bond, through some mlsflt
betweenr. the,; Eastern ; stockholders and Uhelr
moneyba?«.'\r Aa ? the i only i honorable '. way/ out
of .the : dilemma', the management at' the mine
told "'the *• men ', that ", they ; . could ' take
the > mine ':¦'- and •¦ ' mill . .and • run '• it \ them
selves > * until i :"• November ; 22, f ..- under ... the
restrictions' of • the » : bond,*,-, and possibly
they ': might -take out enough gold to pay them
whatiwas thelrdueandifortheir.workjln dig
ging out" their ; pay. i The minera fell in with a
will: and 'fortune '¦¦ smiled s upon " them. U They
struck' a» good' pay; streak ; and , the -little ' two
stamr>-mlllxwas:kept pounding .away.'dn all
the ' ore : that ' could be ' shoveled Into I It day ; and
nlsht."* 1 The { miners ¦ had- worked ; on their '"own
Hook only : a i few.? days , until ; all « arrears were
paid' up ln : full-and now. they are 'clearing all
the way from $4 up to $16 a day for each man.
They ;' never^ make * lees »i»an the '-- big '¦ wage s of
$4 a day and $10 has been : the highest wages
taken out;? . TenV<Sollar» ", a ' day \ Is \ about s the
average ; • nd i they I have almost a month I right
of way ahead ; of ' them : '• The ' bonding , company
zet« - 25 1 per. cent ' of ! the • proceeds,' so It is not
whollyia^loser.^-M* '•••.:•;' :-» • "
. A. M. .Dlvoll of Sonera has sold to W*. "A.
Dlvoll and R. E. Fulcherof this city a fourth
Interest in the north extension of the Hiyah
pt>o, the Hlyahpoo "Annex, the Joe Dandy
nuartz mines nnd millFito, and water rights.
bWrg 150<> Inches; from the south fork of the
i Stanislaus River, and also. a fourth of his
.thlnl interest' »n • the Hiyahpoo' quartr- mine,
'machinery and Improvements, situated' four and
a' half mile* northeast of Columbia; .and ' a
"fourth interest In a bond .on a two-thirds in
terest <\f the' Hiy&hpoo. . -' ' . ,
I . . A. M..Divcll has alzo deeded to l«a • R.'Ful
cher a sixth interest in the Frlsby, Annex and
northerly extension , of the ; Sell -. quartz * mine,
also tan /in ' the .bond from'- Moulton
Harmon to sell to A." M. Dlvoll. the said mine.
.Moulton. Harmon has deeded to A. M. Dlvoll
a half Interest in the Frisby 'Annex and north
extension of. the; Sell mine.- ¦• ¦ ., , •
¦R. E. Fulcher has deeded to A. M. Dlvoll
the north extension of the Hlyahpoo/ the Hi
yahpoo Annex and the Joe Dandy quartz mines,
also a mill pite.T.. ii» -•>..¦¦ , ,,.
The Tuolumne Independent tells of
the bonding of the New Albany quartz
mines, containing nineteen acres, and
also the north extension'- of the New
Albany and the New Albany South
mines.. W. H.., Martin Is the owner.
The property is bonded to William
Connolly of Carters, who is also given
the right to purchase the New Albany
ditch and water right. Other deals
in mining property' in Tuolumne fare
also ; reported • by the Independent,
among "which are the following:
The Redding Searchlight says'the re
port is true'that a great strike of ore
was recently "made in the Evening Star
mine; near French Gulch. A ledge a
foot and . a half wide was uncovered,
in which- much gold glittered. -The
Evening g Star mine belongs to, the
estate of "Timothy Madden; deceased-
It is operated under lease by three men
who ; have made the strike.
»IAKE DEAUS FOR MINES.
The Grass Valley Tidings reports that
rich quartz gravel "has -been struck in
the- Azalea* 1 'mine' ~*at Blue •Canyon^
Placer County, twenty miles above*
Coif ax. Conductors and other railroad
men have been driving a tunnel for six
years there. J • ¦ \ ••
The meeting was the outcome of • a • long
continued factional fight between the McKane-
Kernick division on the one side and the Tay
lor-McClelland party on the other. For several
months it' has been a foregone conclusion that
sooner or- later- the differences arising ovs; the
management of the Jumbo, one of the greatest
gold mines in the world, would result in -a
parliamentary contest. . . : .
Peculation ia rife as to the results of .the
meetinr. . The prevailing opinion Is that sev
eral suits may be Hied. As yet no legal com
plications have, been engendered. ¦ McKane, it
is said, has made threats to secure redress in
case he . was deposed ¦ from the presidency of
the company. He •* in the East at present.
His return to Tonopah will be looked forward
ti with much interest by the stockholders of
the Jumbo Mining Company.
According to the .Tonopah Sun John
McKane, president, and George Ker
nlqk, director, of- the : Jumbo Mining
Company at Goldfield have been super
seded by C. P. •Holt and Tom Robinson.
The Sun says in part:.
TROUBLE AT GOLDFIELD.
A visit was made to the new district yester
day. Little or no development, work had been
done. Bryan,~ Doi sey and Phillips,' the dis
coverers, - w«re ¦ busily ens ased in breaking uv
and sorting the rich cropplngs and racking the
best' o? 'it: this is 'expected 'to* go at' least $2
a ;>ound. The large dyke, in which is the
led_o, stands out boldly and extends for fui»y
400O feet. It runs in a ' northeaBterly anil
southwesterly direction. - August Seller owns
the- Hermlne, an extension 'of the Jump "Up
Joe. and his ; end line is within 150 feet of
the discovery. Krebs, Edm'ston and Murphey
of Bridreport ali«o have a valuable extension.
Claims have been • staked for < two miles in
every direction from" the new ' strike. Wood
and water are plentiful an"d everything; " Is
favorable for a new mining camp.. Everybody
is busily engaged in dorng the ten feet' of work
reculrt-d by,the law of the district.
It is reported that one company, the
Standard of Bodle, pajd $5000 for the
privilege of working two men on one
property, for -seven days. The. owners
are sacking. rock of which every piece
shows free gold. Among the properties
that are working are the Jump Up Joe,
True Friend group, the Hermene, the
Bat and the^Myrtle andJulla mines..*
The' Bodle Miner-Index, also says of
the-Masonic region:
. ; Miners in Mono County are actively
engaged in developing the new mining
district at -Masonic^ Mountain and- it
will not.be the fault of the Chronicle-
Union if the, region fails to becornje
well known. The journal reports that
the excitement increases, reports of
new.: finds reach Bridgeport every day
and that men are 'coming and going
to and from -the district . at all times.
The surrounding country is. being lo
cated for miles in. every direction, the
lecations extending into A
townsite will be- • surveyed soon j and
building has begun. The main street
of the new town has-been selected. l
Among Kesolutions Passed
Is One Favoring Another
Naval Station on This Coast
The Entre Nous Club inaugurated its
fifteenth cotillon season last night in
the white and gold ballroom of the
Palace HoteL About seventy-five
couples graced the floor and a pleasing
sight was presented. Six. original and
attractive figures composed the ger
man, which was led by Sanford G.
Lewald and Miss Cecilia Lincoln Moore.
On the committee of arrangements
were Herman H. Herzer, Merritt D.
Robison, Dr. Edmond D. Keeffe, Percy
C. Windham, Dr. A. Woodly Baker,
John T. Xoursc, Walter H. Robinson.
George G. Fraser. David B. Torres and
Dr. Joseph F. Meagber, while those
participatir.gr in the first set were:
Misses Anna Conperthwalte, Juliette Graf*,
6u?:e B. Ix-fan. Belle H«rzer, Etta Lancrehr.
O«rtru<le Hurtrlf. Lillian L«bben, Vera Al
len, May Cowperthwaite, Alma Deal, Dorothea
Jooet. Merit Lawsoti, Pauline Ryder, Virginia
Eyder. Matid A. WlUon. Lola A. Wetrener,
Viola L- Bruckman. Annie D. Bidd'.e. Edna E.
Toucc. Iren» MetiEsdorfler. Irene O. Carroll,
Georgia K. Tozer, lone B. Pennlnjrton, May
Laydon, M&tti» Wolpmaa, Eleanor F. "Wegen
er, Alice E. Cro»e. Grace E. Connor, Lucille
M. Stebbln*. LIMian Mohun, Emily Edpir.
Mabel Praeer. May Fraser: Dr. and Mrs.
Cfcarlea Clark. Mr. and Mrs. Merritt D. Rob
inson. Mr. end Mrs. Herman H. Herzer;
Meetrs. Dr. William A. Elll». Phlilp Edcar.
L»- N. Baudola. Alphonss gutter. G*orre S>.
Gocld, Harlow Culver. Dr. Joseph F. Meagher,
John T. Nearse, S. Walter Drascovich. James
A. Keller. William F. Hooke, Arthur D.
Fraser, Edward W. Gordon, Reuben Haas,
Jarcea C. Hayhurn. Martin Joost. Arthur H.
Mcussdorffer. Arthur F. Thode, William F.
Mtr.kf, C. I. Chubback. John W. Riler. -Tames
A. Williamson. William J. Watson, David W.
Wiee. Fred W. Burners. Frank J. Ruth. Cur
tiss JC. Glller, William A. Ccnneau, Geonre G.
Fraser. Jules O»tz, Edward J. Lynch. Fran*
H. Davis. Ralph G. Ccple, Arthur W. Van
Nees, Scott L. Reid. Roy 8. White. Dr. Ed
mor.d Keeffe, Georpe L Raecoml. Roll'.n E.
Ncble. C. G. Chipchase. Alfred A. Ky. Samuel
L. Pool. Otto A. Schonine. Rok*t Wilson. Dr.
A. Woodly Baker. David B. Jones. Percy C.
Witidham.
Discoveries in Mbno ; County
¦Are Leading to Building of
Big^iGamp in the Mountains
CHARMING SCENE AT PALACE
KIVERS AND HAKBOKS
Trans-Mississippi -Congress
Recommends Liberal Ex
,. penditure of Federal Coin
NEW MINES AT MASONIC
INTEREST PROSPECTORS
ENTRE NOUS OPENS
FIFTEENTH SEASON
MIKES MANY
SUGGESTIONS
THESAN FRANCISCO" CALt," -SATURDAY; OCTOBER: 29;vl90i
5
FREE FREE .^ FREE
WITH ; /
sunday call
want; ads.;
A Coupon Entitling^ You to One
•: \-':.-rr v Pound 40c .¦¦..•¦ '. -'.-.
"TOP QUALITY?COFFEE of
THE GREAT 'AMERICAN]* *
; flMP^RTING^TEAXcp^
WiA -Every '95c 5 Small •Ad^
in SUNDAY! CALL.
See SmaU Ad \ Page ¦. for . Further !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦j^'^^ Pocket
• A very swell Knife and choice
value. I also have a specially good
Knife for 81. OO- It pays to buy a
good one.^tMausmtgiMMfMtoM
GOOI> RAZORS as low m Sl.OO. If
you have an old Razor I will allow you
liberally 'for It In exchange for a new one.
STAR SAFETT RAZOR, reduced from
$2.00 to $1.2o. Now Is the tint to buy
. one.'iaM|BjAftOTrirMmR'«*Bimi«SHMRB>SMBaf
Try a CONKLIN'S SELF-FUXtN G
FOUNTAIN FEN — the Pen that fills ltoelt.
No dirty fingers with ¦ the Conklln. Does
not sweat or drip— »3.OO up.
Good Razor Strops. SOe up.
2 bars Williams ShavinfT Soap, 15c.
Razors honed and ground. Honlnr. 23c
Hall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
¦ : F./w. PITTS, The Stationer,
.1008 MABIXT STSEXT. ODD. Tilth,
" 8AN FRANCISCO. ; -'¦
A visit DR. JORDAN'S qhcat^
JHUSEUN OF'ANATOiYf
A ¦'¦ Ch ": 1351 X^TXi; ST. Irt. l?&*ni. I.T.K. 0
\ .OT; Tkt Ui(MAu:wn! M«m» i» tk< \
/) !«3t!_ *•* - Wakaaw w i t»y wuitM A
V S3^5J «U»««e p**Ut*mi, ««r*4 h, th* *i(UU f
0 fSSM\ iP" 4 *'" °» tfce Co«t En. 3* j«««. O
1 &z£zb DR - J3RBAM-D!«AS£3 CF MEN A
\ f ASnl CoinnHMi— frM tnd ftrktly prH«f«. \
O I Hrty ¦ Tmiauot p«wuUj «r b* Irttvr. , A A
\ I W WiB r*«— •<***>• *™*7*****<l*m*—. \
ARf la Wftt« for B<Mk, ruuMriT »r A
V • f T stiiuaE, maiuu> rxsx. (ay
jk & I* »«imbl« b*)k fct a»«) - . \
V DftJODOiM* CO. 1C4I STarbtt 8L. S. T. Y
InirrrrD'ci C^E SICK HEADACHES.
* lAKItnO i: - : .
fflrrrtE Gemnne Must Bear
1 1 VER Fac-Simile Signalurt
.A Case *of Dyspepsia*
Dyspepsia is caused by acotc inflammattop^f
the nerves of the stomach. _^ _, '^^\
It is by nervous energy that the muscles Of
the. stomach contract and expand, and the df.
gestive fluids are secreted. The mtrscular walls
of the stomach must be kept,in vigorous action
until the' process of digestion is made complete.
The nerve fibres, like other tissues of the
body, may become .inflamed and by
neglect or, other causes ; then they must be
nourished and their strength restored. It is
when the nerve fibres are overstrained by
worry of mind, overtaxing or neglect that they
become exhausted and weak. _:„ .
: Dyspepsia : is but one instance^where . the
vital nerve force is necessary: _ ' '
' " : Discontent^ ill-temper ? low spirits, despond-
ency, dizziness, sick headache, heartburn, pal-
pitation of the heart, distension of- the stomach,
are some of the many forms^that dyspepsia
takes.- \_ * ;• \- J '-''' "~j_"~ ¦
.The true~" cure- must be the "restoration to
strength of the nerves which govern the digestive
organs. " """ "* . ._ -^ .
MISS FARRELL'S-'CASETAN' EXAMPLE
OF' THOUSANDS.
"I have been greatly benefited by the ui»
of Paine's Celery Compound. Until I tried
it I was a great sufferer from dyspepsia and
constipation. I spent considerable money,
trying various preparations without sue-'
cess, until I tried the Compound/ Before I
completed the first bottle I noticed a change.
.for the better, but I continued until I had,
taken -six bottles in all, which effected an;-
entire cure. I - feel | better to-day than I
have at any period of my life.' It afford*
me great pleasure to Indorse Paine's Celery .
Compound.- Lydla J. Farrell, 129 DeKalb
Avenue, Brooklyn, N. Y, August 12, 1904.
Paine's Celery Compound is curing thou-.
sands of dyspeptics every day,* in just this way.'
By feeding and- restoring, the nerves to their
full strength. It never.' fails to cure.
Sick : headache, palpitation, dizziness,^ 1 ' and
heartburn are usually relieved by a single dose
of Paine's Celery Compound. . ;
' Remember this,-— Paine's Celery ; Compound is
the prescription of one of the most famous physi-
cians this country has ever known, and all repu-
table Druggists sell and recommend it.
WELLS, RICHARDSON A CO.,
BURLINGTON, VERMONT.'
ADVERTISEMEyTS.
Pears'
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears'
Sold all orer the world. -'I' PAINT THIEF ; JAlLED.'^Oaklana.^Oct
28.— Charles Knudson,-; who stole a wagon load
of paints from the-. W.-P.* Fuller Company/ was
sent to the County Jail to-day for six months.
, FElii' WHILE BNTERINO i HOUSE.-^Cap
taln r W, ¦. 1/ ¦ Reid, -, who; lives : at t CFarrell j and
Franklin" streets, , fell ' as ;¦ he s was ' entering his
¦ house ; last p night : and " was ' seriously r Injured '
HAS NABROW . ESCAPE.— Oakland Oct/
28. — Paulo ; Avanslno.^ an , Italian. - 18 . years of
age.'s was , strueJt ' by the . Alameda * local . this
morning and knocked off the track, but beyond
a " few bruises It Is not believed he is seriously
hurt. He did * not ' hear the whist I« and th«
train i was ¦ unable * to ' coma to 1 mod befor*
U<, struck, him.: '" -77
DENIES STATE'S - CLAIM.— Oakland ' O^t
28.— Peputy - District Attorney ' Everett ° Brown
.Will'- go to Sacramento to-morrow ¦ to» renreaent
Alamedai Countyiin^a'euitlbrought, to
$7030 for the ke«» of , patients ¦. at the™oipn
Ellen . Home ' for '¦ the < Feeble-Minded. \ The Su
pervisors 1 : soy v that 7 the vbUl> has never *b*en
presented; to them.^V ;r. i*^,. -.*; ¦• r ¦*.;"•- i Zi ."
-TOUNOTHIEP TAPS TILL.— Oakland. Oct.
28. — A boy. 17 years old.'! stole $17 - thta \noon
from, the cash drawer at A. Cohen's delica
tessen shop. 020 Washington street. The young
thief asked permission to wait in the store
for his mother. .' Cohen stepped out - for a few
minutes. ". When he -re turned his guest and his
money - were ¦ cone. * - _ - "- ' .
OAKLAND, Oct 28.— Specifications
were agreed upon by the Board of
Public Works to-day for > remodeling
three fire engines at a-cost not to*ex
ceed $ 6 6 0 0. Water "; tube i boilers -"are
provldipd;fpr. The repairing "of these
engines has provoked - much '. friction
because U^wa* alleged that ¦former
specincatlons . created a monopoly of
one J; make . of " boiler ; and i thus barred
competition.;" -. ; / ] " . ~X^ , '~X-f
Will Repair ' Fir© Engines!
STKALS -WOMAN'S JEWKLRT.— Alameda,
Oct. 28.— Mrs. F. A. Kato of 1430 Ninth street
reported to the. police this afternoon that. her
hum* was robbed of two gold watches, a gold
chain and several ; diamond rings by a young
man" who ..represented, himself as being. In
search of a room - to ' rant. . The burglary was
oct discovered until after the stranger had left
the plAc*.^JU8BSB6$&R&lfKXt&Mtt£tiBEF$SK
OAKLAND, : Oct. 2 8.-^-The }, funeral
of Firman* D.'jHinds/: formerly ; Co uhr
ty j Recorder of j Alameda v.County, .who
died Wednesday^evening,
11- tf.m.; to-day from the family tee~
ldence7f;liO8^TweJfthV*treet;^the^si5r
vice; being' "pyl the i ; Rev^-.w7
M.; Jones, pastor pt the ;|PIrst ;Uhltarian'
Church .*?.The? remains ; were : Incinerat
ed' at the* Oakland : Crematory." 1 " \ - T
Firman D. Hinds > Laid , at \ Rest.
' Francisco McNamara, the " Republi
can'.';nominee! for. the Assembly ln^the
Thirtieth', District,-; has set his -malign-;
era "i adrift. in~; their}. /attempt:' to", be
smirch his standing with- organized la
bor." R«port9 , ; were circulated" among
the unlonipeo'ple 1 -that'iMcNjamaraj had
.in"; the^f ar^ past .acted ;.!'sc'ab. f As [soon*
as this'slarider]reached*th'e"*ears > <)f the
men •\who/.'have;^; known ;McNarnara
since I he *was '", a small i boy,' iiT, the •, dis
trict ; f rom \ which he will be elected to
the "they, lost 'no time in
refuting ;-the charge, ; as : the following
1 shows: ;*./>7'* : . '-'"¦; "'.'¦; ; ," '',, . ' '. .• '. v "" "- 1 :.
i To '.Whom , ; It>: May Concern: • ~ ,¦ ¦• .
'- Tht» -. i» ; to ; certify - that '. Francis ) McNamara
is a 'charter; member r of (Mlllmen's ; Local,-? No ¦
423,> and Jhas always . been : & I good ; member and
is now In good standing. ;*;,i^*.^-T./<;, -¦,'¦
'- <\ i-p "-¦ f •>'¦ >- " : *^^S THOMAS MoQUIRE;^'J--^
- ; ; •¦'- v
:>;JDD KlRKER,}R.;S.*(pro.teaU.: "."
¦McNomara'r Vindicated.
ST. • ' LOUTS, Oct: 2 8.— The ' . New
Thought : Federation to-night elected
H. Harrison rBrown of San -Francisco
president'. for. the ensuing -yeaK : '
San , Franciscan Is President.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.-— The matter of
ownership . of many of the\ fire hy
drants , In • the clty.'.cani'e ' before' the
Board of: Public; Works this afternoon
upon resolution ' from', the t Coun
cil. - Fire Chief Ball ' thought but 'I few
of them belonged to the Contra Costa
Water Company : and he waaVdire'cted
to r make" .an :¦, Investigiation andi report
at the * nesct ' meetihg.' " ' " ';' > v ' * •? : . -
Who "Owns FireVHydrants?
OAKLAND, Oct 28. —^A Republi
can rally will be held at Newark to
morrow night under the • direction of
the County : Central • Committee. The
speakers of the evening will.be C. F.
Homer, E. K. Strowbridge, , J. G. Mat
tos Jr. and one of the State represent
atives. A. musical programme has
been arranged.": On. Tuesday evening,
November 1, a ; big rallyrwill be held
at Alden. Phil M. Walsh will be .the
speaker of the- evening.
The Northwest Oakland Portuguese
Republican Club,. which was organized
last Wednesday- evening, will hold a
rally next Monday evening at-Trin
ity in '. North f Oakland. The of
ficers of the club are: President/ J.
T. Renas; vice president, J. M. Alves;
secretary. J. Valladro;, treasurer/ Jo
seph Smith. ''$9ffiB&H
Republican Meetings.
• ; OAKLAND, Oct. 1 28.~Mrs.;. Frank
Perelra, wife- of a saloon-keeper arid
cigar" dealer,' was Jio6/"'a
month alimony • to-day by- Judge 'Og
den pending the. 0 ttial of her action
for divorce. Gertrude , Mi' Tesche, \ who
Is ; suing Arthur; W. Tesche for a di
vorce, was granted. $20 month ali
mony and J60 for* costs of suit and
attorney's fees. ;« : ' , ; .'"¦', •;"" YJZ-'jr?-,
Wives . Granted Alimony.
'-.',.. Other speakers were Frank Mur
phy,. Senator 'Franks French,' Arnold"
W. ; Slechti arid ; Fred I J. ; Meihcke, ¦• Re
publican^ candidate^ for the" Assembly
from Vthe Thirty^ third -District." J. J.
Ryan 'presided as chairman. "'"..,
i *- X •; have ; be*n '-, in .' California - for I many '. years
and •¦-' have ' been --• connected ; with ; many > enter
prises that have employed many working men.
There T . is ; not. a * man :.wno : can ¦; come out and
say I *> have » v not < paid -, the wagea ' their
unions demanded. •< I have •¦ men 4n , mx employ
who - are < out-, making > my ,. ? fight. , ¦* I "did . not
seek ! their; assistance. • They came out* volun
tarily,'.'because «I have treated -them as co
workers. ~- : ."T~"' ',* -'X','.' ¦''-¦':'
Gentlemen and Fellow Citizens: I did not
go to Santa. Cruz to seek 'this nomination that
has been given me, but , when the convention
nominated . me and ' said that ' I . ww .*. the
strongest man to represent - the party fn that
district, it was my duty as a, good Republican
to accept It and give my support to an over
whelming victory of the : Republican ¦ party on
the Stb of November.
' 1-have been attacked bitterly, by a certain
paper. ' One of Hb ' accusations • was to accuse
me . of -' having; '¦_'¦ employed Chinamen , on my
¦ranch : at Kden Vale, and the man that gave
them * this ' information was George .- H. Osen.
1 ;. took . a ; trip ' to - San • Jose last night and I
met r Osen. . He .showed me a ¦ sworn , affidavit
which I. have, here saying that the. said Inter
view .;." la a : deliberate falsehood. Gentlemen,
you ; remember :. the . time . during , Cleveland's
last administration when waxes were low and
work: could ; not : be • had. '-. You- do . not • want
any ; more of • this. . " Laboring " men, • you cannot
afford .- to ' turn - down ; the Republican party.'
It is ; the ; only -'party that has . passed" any
legislation that; has. protected you. It is not
necessary, to tell you what free trade has done
for "¦¦ the ."country. , You are familiar ¦ .enough
wtthlt. \:.." "¦ •' "'-- ;-••-¦',;..•-, --•-;-...,•,
The^ Republicans, of the Thirty
third District gave a rousing recep
tion last night to E. A. Hayes, ' their
candidate for. Congress in the Fifth
District. Silk's Hall failed to accom
modate the eager throng who desired
to -hear him discuss the Issues of the
campaign.' . When he arrived shortly
before 10 o'clock '/every man . in the
hall gave three cheers for Hayes and
the» Republican . party.
; v Mr. Hayes spoke* In part as follow .-•:
He Receives an/ Enthusiastic : Recep
tlon at" Silk's Hall. .
VOTERS HEAR HAYES SPEAK.
OAKLAND,- Oct^S.-^The following
marriage licenses ; were 1 , Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: 'James R: Don
nelly. 29if and Helen Tresey,|20, both
of San #rancisco; Vi Antprie J. Miller,
27, and Lydia A. Fraters; 24, both of
San Leandro; Israel Spellman, 35,
New York, and Kate : Giblin; .45, Los
Angeles; Joseph Gueriza, 3 8,. and Des
olina BoffelH, 25, both - of Oakland;
Antone Silva, 21, and Laura Souza, 18,"
both of San Leandro. ..-
Marriage Licenses^
¦ Frank Moredla; a feather from Sau
salito,. made Andy Peterson quit in
three pounds full of fast work.' "Kid
Sprague's seconds threw up the towel
in the third round of the' latter's go
with Tanglefoot McGovern," and Jim
Lowney and Patsy " McGee fought
four rounds :to a . draw. '
Fred Landers, the young light
weight who has been fighting In and
about this city with some ' success,
added another scalp* to. his belt -last
night when he beat Jack Burke in five
rounds at Sausalito. ' The mill was the
main event of a benefit for the fire
department of that city and drew out
a large attendance. l All : the .-.fights
were' fast ones and the programme
.was rushed through in Jig time.
Landers commenced to get to Burke
in the third round. He shot out a
straight left and sent the latter to the
carpet. This weakened Burke, though
he was game and came right back for
"more. He 'rallied somewhat in the
next round. and gave Landers a good
time. In the fifth it was curtains.
Landers kept slamming them in with
both hands and * Burke began to get
foggy. After he went down three
times Referee Billy • Roche " wisely
stopped the go. :
Frank McGrath, an aspiring welter
from Marin County,' lasted only two
rounds with' Joe Gorman of this city.
McGrathe received, a hard left in the
Jaw during the second, going to the
carpet, where he wisely remained. The
Saglnaw Kid and -J-ouis Burns went
sbc fast rounds to a draw. Burns was
too # shifty, for the Kid in. the early
rounds and wap winning nicely. Sag
lnaw began to get; fast in the last two
periods and. had his man about ready
to quit when-the' gong sounded.
IiANDERS BEATS BURKE DOWN.
Pleads Guilty for Client.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Attorney
James Creeley, on behalf of Peter
Delucci, a scavenger, pleaded guilty
to-day in the Police Court because his
client did not appear for" trial- on- a
charge of violating: the garbage incin
erating ordinance. Creeley said he
had failed to notify his client to ap
pear and he thought the best way out
of it was to plead guilty. The court
calendars are blocked with .caven
rera case*. Prosecuting Attorney A.
P. Leach said to-day that he would
SntS^ ° ne ° f
B03* Held for^urslarT^
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.^Fre^*rew^Il
and Harry .Bremis. youri^ boys were
held for trial on charge ;<* bursary
to-fiay by Police Jud*e^ Ge6rgel££
uels. The pair secreted thenwelve- in
Cumber & «,„.. store# «««g ™ £
lo avenue, and. stole a rifle, mandolin
and other articles. - v
OAKLAND', Oct. 28.— The funeral
of Bert H. Swan, turnkey at ' San
Quentin, who died, last'night from the
effects of an, accidental; bullet- wound
at Providence Hospital, will be held
Sunday at 2 p. m. from the First Con
gregational Church. The 'funeral ser
vice will be "conducted by the .ReyC
Dwight E.^Potter. .-The- pall bearers
will be F.C.i Jordan,. Dr. Frank Ca
sey. J. M. Mitchell, J. Cal Ewing, J.
P. Jt ok, Charles. F. Pugh, James Glo
ver find A._ Williams." Interment will
be rli ; -Mountain';* View .Cemetery.'
Fnneral of Bert II. . Swan.
New Masonic Cemetery.
The corner-atone for. the. new. Ma
sonic Cemetery at Colma, San Mateo
County, will be laid at 2 o'clock
this afternoon by the • Masonlo
Grand Lodge 'of California, assisted' by
all the subordinate lodges of San
Francisco, California - Commandery
and Golden Gate Commandery,
Knights Templar; . San Francisco
Consistory and , California Consistory,
Scottish Rite, and all the Mother Ma
sonic bodies located In this city.- Th©
organizations will assemble at the
Masonic Temple at 1 o'clock, form in
line, in full regalia and uniform, and
march as an escort •' to the'- Grand
Lodge to Eighth street, where" a num
ber of special cars will be' in waiting
to convey the party to Colma. Irt the
absence -of Grand Master Hunter.
Grand • Senior Warden .Edward H.
Hart of Berkeley will officiate as
grand master at the ceremony. .Dr.
George F. Rodden will act as marshal
for the Grand Lodge, while Major
George Filmer will be grand marshal
of . the day. The , stone . .will . be Im
mured in the foundation of the im
posing gateway of the entrance to the
cemetery. .. t '. . ." w ...
Newspaper 200 Years Old.
BERLIN. Oct. 28.-— The Vossisch©
Zeltung, the oldest newspaper In- Ber-
Un^will celebrate" its 200th . anniver
sary to-morrow.
Put the , spirit of chivalry ... first. I have
listened. in your football games for a cheer for
the defeated team, but generally it has been
a case of "thumbs down." I ask you, as
president" of a great athletic club, to take. up
football seriously and make of football a game
worthy . of your great university, a game gov
erned | by the high . Meals and the - noble laws
which governed the tourneys of knights of old.
Rev; Bradford Leavitt, pastor of the
First Unitarian Church of San Fran
cisco, also addressed the university," his
subject being, "What All the World's
&-Seeklng." He urged the cultivation
cf body, mind and. spirit, as aids to
securing happiness. Physical hap
piness, he said, is dependent on exer
cise and right living. Mental happiness
Is 'dependent on use of the mind to
form" Independent conclusions. .; Spirit
ual happiness depends on reconciliation
to God, or harmony with the. power
that rules the universe.
Why have you not won success on the water?
Why have you made, your greatest suc
cesses on track and field? - Because you have
given more time — too much time— to the least
desirable college sport. Football Is a grand
game, but "not as you play it, since In the
form you play It It is not a chivalrous sport.
Modern -- football, as distinguished from * the
old, orlelnal same is merely a head-on colli
sion, , In which . the least weight goes down,
crushed. You work there too little with. your
brains* and altogether too much with your mus
cles.' . .-•¦..¦• •
Football, the sport apparently most
dear to university, men, received its
second hard rap of the week to-day
when William Greer Harrison, presi
dent of the Olympic Athletic Club of
San Francisco, at the university meet
ing in, Harmon gymnasium, character
ized .the game as only a "head-on col
lision," In which the weaker team is
crushed. He declared that the' game
as played at present is lacklng^n chiv
alrous features and is unworthy of a
great university. The speaker's re
marks; following as they did the dia
tribe against the sport delivered early
In the week by Professor George Howl
son, . head of the . department of ¦ phil
osophy/stirred the football enthusiasts
to rebellious disclaimers, after the uni
versity jj meeting-, had .been dismissed,
and , on campus and In hall President
Harrison's fulminatton against the
gridiron game was the subject of acid
ulous comment. .. . .
: President Harrison,- in his address,
referred to the university's alleged fail
ure to win success on the water, say-
Jng:...- V-> ._ ' 0^':Z r^ r^:"
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Oct. 28.
Dr. W. .S. Porter, who has been 111 for some
Wrt>k8, is now in Pacific Grove, and his many
friends will be pleased to learn that he .Is
improving, though rath«r slowly. ..
On Thursday next Mrs. W. S. Baxter will
entertain the Neighborhood Club.
Next . Monday ' the Cosmos Club ' will reas
semble for the winter at the residence of. Mrs.
Pedar Bather, the club's president. " "
A bridesmaids' luncheon will be one of next
week'* charming events. Miss Kendall's . at
tendants to be the guests and Miss Kendall's
mother, Mrs. F. I. Kendall, to be the hostess.
It is feure to be the jolliest kind of an affair,
for the jtlrls are all such good friends. The
party will Include: Miss L*tltia Barry, Miss
Anita Oliver, Miss ¦ Noelle de > Go] la. Miss
Marlon Walsh. Miss Myrtle 61ms, Miss ' Ruth
Kales and Miss 'Lillian Isaacs.
Cards are out for what promises to be an
interesting debutante affair. Mrs. W. N.
Kleeman will receive on November 8, to for
mally Introduce her daughter, t MIss . Estelle
Kleeman. The hospitable home 'of the Klee
mans in the lake district Is frequently the
scene of pleasant informal affairs, but this
will be the first Important event since Miss
Kleeman's graduation, a year ago, from Mills
College. A large number of invitations have
been sent out and without doubt the reception
will be one of the season's brilliant events.
Mrs. T. C. Coogan entertained a little card
club last Wednesday, the prize, which is al
ways a dainty cup and saucer.- being won by
Mrs. I Mathes. This same club formerly de
voted itself to euchre, but now five hundred
furnishes a motive for existence. Mrs. W. S.
Baxter will be hostess next, time, and' the
other members are Mrs. M. W. Hall Mrs.
Charles Rodolph. Mrs. George Rodolpb, Mrs.
E.* C. Morrison. Mrs. J. W. Nelson. Mrs. Mel
vin Chapman. Mrs. Mathes. Mrs. Merrill,-Mrs.
Rae, Mrs. W. G. Palmanteer and Mrs. Corgan.
v 'The day of the '.'calendar tea" — December
3 — will be distinguished by another interesting
event, the wedding of Mlm Louise Btubbs and
Morgan Woodward Jellett. Miss Stubbs has
just taken the public into her confidence and the
announcement of her engagement has caused
a pleasant rippl- cf surprise In the social set
of which Miss Stubbs Is an accomplished mem
ber. She has a very oleasing contralto voice,
which, with a moJest and unassuming charm
of manner, has made her an acquisition to any
social function. She Is a daughter of D. D.
Stubbs, secretary of the Occidental and Ori
ental Steamship Company, and a niece of J.C.
•Stubbe, former traffic manager of the Southern
Pacific. The wedding will take place at the
bride's home on Castro street.-
Then In December comes the annual "calen
dar tea" and Mrs. Chabot will atc;rtn throw
open her beautiful home on lladlson street.
Those who attended last year have not forgot
ten the delightful musical programme that
was the test part of a memorable afternoon.
It is safe to predict that • the coming event
will equal that of last year — it surely could
not be better. 9 . .
OAKLAND, Oct. 28. — It Is no uncommon
thing these days, while making a call, to learn
from your hostess that she lias been rummag
ing through the attic or tome almost forgotten
closet in search of "has-beensi" Fablola must
raise that (12,000 that the new nurses' home
is to cost, and many and various are the plans
already matured by the fertile minded ladies
of the -hospital association. Hence the nosing
atound in dark corners, for the very first thing
on the programme is a "rummage sale," and
the ladies in charge' are trying to procure arti
cles that will be well worth the prices asked.
Indeed, It would teem that nobody in town
owns anything really old any more, there
have been so many rummage sales. So of ne
cesslty the rummage articles will be almost
new. The Fablcla women expect to run an
up-to-date department store this time, where
anything can be bought from a horseshoe nail
to a patent dishwasher or a silk gown. Bric
a-brac, kitchen utensils, furniture, clothing,
books or pianos will be gladly received by this
band of willing workers, and those desiring to
contribute of their surplus store may leave ar
ticles at.Kohler & Chase's music store <bef
tye-n now and Wcilnesday) or can have them
called for by notifying Mrs. Wallace Everson
or any of the Fablola ladies. -
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
The marauder has raised windows,
lifted curtains of bedrooms and shown
his face to women during the last two
weeks. Half a dozen families have
made systematic to catch
and punish him, but without Buccess.
The Cotrel family at 2124 Channing
way was' the first to announce that
"Peeping Tom" was making life
wretched for the feminine '*f oik and; 'at
once- -they were Informed ; .by their
neighbors ' that the r same sort -'of dis^
agreeable experiences "had: been
dured • by' the' -vi'omen of the ¦ Paysori
family, the Thurkelson" family, ,¦ the
Sperry family, and, Mrs. T. Shlpman.
Each "member of this group relates a
story which seems ,to prove 'that 1 a
mysterious .Individual', who ¦ is either
a desperado or a degenerate, makes
his headquarters in the. neighborhood
of Fulton street Channing way
and systematically attempts to secure
entrance to the homes of that;fash
ionable neighborhood. . ; ;
"Keeping Tom" has had
very narrow escapes from being' cap
tured. '¦•' He has been cornered, but has
always managed to escaped :
BERKELEY, Oct. 28. — Women and
girls in the neighborhood of Channing
way and Fulton street have been
thoroughly frightened by the antics
of a mysterious intruder, who is ap
parently a "Peeping Tom" or a-burg
lar.
Berkeley Aroused Over Acts of Man
Who Peeps Into Windows of
Bedrooms. . .. .
Professor Frederic T. Bloletti. who has left
a vlticultural position in South Africa and In
IE^WhJ 0 *? ta # *>* t«*Tt7- of the Univer
fity of California for the advancement or the
univers ty's Investigations in connection with
the vltlcultnral industries, is now at' Rudes
.^™ v ' K ,. POlne of *** Principal vineyards
and wine cellars. He will vi.lt Oeisenheim
t£° ££^ U th the <*»*t>rated wine chl™
l^ii f^u ortm * nn - «>0 . from • there he
will go to Champagne. Burgundy. Lee Cotes
du^Rhone. and the Midi. Later* he is to visit
Professor Elwood Mead left to-day to at
tend the meeting of the agricultural college
and experiment station at Des Moines. Iowa.
A shipment of old English -dramas from
England has been received by the library.
The shipment Includes many rare and valuable
works on the drama, dating from the seven
teenth, eighteenth and the early nineteenth
centuries. Among the volumes are five sets
of Beaumont and Fletcher; BuIIen's old plays;
Nlcholls "Progretw of Queen Elizabeth" in
three quartos, and others of the Elizabethan
and Restoration period*. . -
A fire that might have resulted disastrously
to East Hall was averted yesterday afternoon
by the presence of mind of the janitor, H.
Hungen. He bad been pouring alcohol from a
barrel Into a small vessel for Professor Rlt
ter and spilled a small quantity on the floor.
He supped on a match which lay on the
floor. Igniting the spilled alcohol. The hall
would have been destroyed had - the flames
spaead to the barrels of alcohol standing
near by, but Hungen quickly poured water over
the barrels, averting a serious fire.
Work tn the various branches of the ehort
course in agriculture and horticulture was be
gun to-day. The registration for these courses
numbers twenty-three. The total registration
for the various short courses, including the
dairy and cheese making courses, Is more than
fifty. ,;-- .. .-• *
The university band Is to give the half-hour
of music in the Greek Theater next Sunday
afternoon.
Dr. Alonzo Taylor, professor of pathology,
has concluded the present series of eight Ilerz
stein lectures. He spoke yesterday in the Stu
dents* Observatory on the subject of the re
lation of fermentations to chemical metabol
ism. . .
Many class reunions have been planned for
the week preceding the big football game.
The class of '09 will have a reunion on the
night of November 11 at Tortonl's, in. San
Francisco. The class of ' '02 will meet at
the Odeon, and the class of . .'00 at the Cali
fornia Hotel. The '07 da*s is also prepar
ing a reunion, though the time and place re
main to be chosen. The local rraternitlt-c will
hold alumni meetings throughout the jreek
before the game with Stanford.
The sale of «*ats for the football game with
Stanford, on last Wednesday, when the Eeats
were first placed on sale, amounted to S230O.
About half that sum wu taken In yesterday,
wh»-n the general public was allowed to buy
tickets. ¦ ¦ *¦
The Philosophical Union met to-night at the
university for a discussion of Professor C
M. Bake well's paper concerning modem re
•vision of tht problem of knowledge. The dis
cussion was led by Charles A. Keeler. '93.
BERKELEY. Oct. 2S. — Lewl»* Bulkeley.
leader of the California rooters, whose voeal
efforts are intended to inspire the "blue and
gold" on the football field and elsewhere when
college spirit Is to be shown, believes he has
made a dteccvery which will materially aid
his cohorts in excelling any record hitherto
mad« by California rooter*. Bulkeley has
learned that jell leaders of old weed a cer
tain cane, presented to the uni»«rsity espe
cially for the yell leader's nse. It was re
ceived ten years ago and was used for lour
years and then remained In the university
library, with none to call for It. It is a ehort,
knotty, dark stick, very light, with a *Uver
football three inches In length engraved with
the University of California monogram on the
handle. Bulkeley will use the cane at the
big game on November 12 and expect* unusual
results from Iik use. . - .
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
WOMEN INDIGNANT AT
BOLDNESS OF INTRUDER
Football ; Scored by One
of University's , Guests
at Students' Meeting
CHARITY'S CRY.
Millionaires.
The Labor Council voted down the
recommendation to exempt the Acad
emy of Sciences from taxation, as it is
an educational concern. Several mem
bers voiced their disapproval of gifts
donated by Carnegie, Lick and others,
saying that they grew wealthy through
the hard labor of the working man
without returning to -him sufficient re
muneration for his labor.
The Labor Temple Association sent
a communication to the Labor Council
suggesting that some action should
be taken , regarding the construction
of the Temple building . for which
shares of stock had been subscribed
three years ago.
. The unions are urging their dele
gates to stand firmly against non
affiliation with the local Teamsters'
Union when the. Question Is taken up
at the coming convention of the
American Federation of Labor.
The request of Stationary Firemen's
Local Union No. 8 6 to have ' the boy
cott raised against the Merchants' Ice
and Storage Company was granted.
A check for $748 was received from
Washington to aid the. Local . Stable
men's Union.
: * The retail clerks ;wlll hold a mass
meeting, at Social Hall. Alcazar build
ing, ' Tuesday,' to bring 1 , about a reor
ganization. "' , .,- * if-l'^'iT^l^i'^i "
The following ¦ -was received from
the Poultry Dealers', Association:
- - . -,"-¦ .Oct. 28; 1904.
Ttt th« Editor of The Call:
-Dear Sir;. In the labor column of your
pap«r= you -report that a commute* from the
Chicken Pickers'. Union met a committee . from
the Poultry ; Dealers' Association and - agreed
on terms of settlement. This statement Is mis
leading. The Chicken Pickers'. .Union may
have appointed a committee, but the Poultry
Dealers did not, nor did they Individually
sign any agreement. •¦ i -¦'::-
The facts are: The strike ended two weeks
ago,' when the executive committee of the Cit
izens' Alliance, working In. connection with
the executive committee of the Poultry r>eal
ers decided to hang up the "open shop" card.
That card isstlll.up and will stay up.
We trust you will be kind enough to correct
your statements of yesterday by giving ~ this
card a place in your paper. Very truly yours,
T. I. (y BRIAN.
Chairman Executive Committee, Poultry Deal
ers' Association. x
Labor .Council Does Xot Approve of
Gifts Given to the City by
BEIJEVEsTHAT ACADEMY OF
SCIENCES SHOULD BE TAXED
VIS1TOR RAPS
BELOVED SPORT
.Haladay said:- %"The girl
over from the jiorth, side* of Shattuck
avenue to stdp a southbound car. 'I saw
her In the middle of the" track' ,when the
car: was about^ten 'feet .from^ her. \ I re
versed the : current^ and 'jammed^ on the
brakes, but it .was too . late . tb : save her.
The. body, went under the front trucks."
r ; Miss Oglio "was a native of Italy. She
leaves a mother. ; She^ was* a. member, of
the ; Ladies'. Auxiliary .of the^ f American
Order ori Foresters." ' [J^'> ¦'•"»• r '•>
-John Ferrin, the traction" company's
private detectlye,' defied the . police to
night by ; ' ordering Haladay 1 to
imake^ a; statement .when was
made* by; Captain of Police ; W.> J. Pet
erson.' .The"' result was' that Haladay
was sent to jail i of being at
once released ; on', his ' own .recogniz
ance. , General' Superintendent;. J.*P. ;
Potter later! rectified Ferrin's blunder
by directing' thV motorman •' to give
the police the Information. '
MOTORMAN'S- STORY.
! Don Cecil . was conductor, of. the car.
Haladay was arrested and charged with
-manslaugHter. .-.¦¦- •; •
As soon as her mangled form was re
leased Miss Oglio ;, was, placed on board
the southbound • car and taken to the
East ; Bay, Sanatorium; .where she died
at 8:45 o'clock on. the operating table. §j
9 Mrs. Faletti; gave the following ac
count of the accident: "We were wait
ing for the car ' to Oakland and had
gone j< up between the .tracks,, where
Stella could get on. Both/ of ,- us; saw
the other,, .car, but did riot '; think it
would start before Stella's car reached
us. We were watching the car when I
happened to look around and saw the
headlight .on the car. a few., feet
of : us." -I got out of the 1 way,, but Stella
was struck.". : . .'¦ 1 ;^ ; - , i'i" _-
DIES AT SANITARIUM.
Miss Oglio and Mrs.- Faletti had
just left. the latter's home at 613 Forty
sixth street and were waiting * at the
corner, for: the south-bound car. .As
it' approached Forty-sixth • street they
walked out into -the middleof the
street between the tracks. The street
at this point had been plowed up for
grading, making it' impossible to board
a car . except f rom • between ¦ the tracks.
"As 1 1 he ; women I jeactied | the % center . of
the;street both noticed that the north
bound car. was standing atvthe corner
of Forty-fifth street, but as. it was /"not
In motion and the other car was rapid-;
ly approaching; ; Miss Qglio said she
would have time to 'board .it before the
other reached them. "
'Both turned their, attention to. the
southbound car, 1 not noticing that the
other had started. Mrs. Faletti a mo
ment later glanced over her shoulder
and saw car No. 156 within" a few feet
of herself and her cousin. Screaming' a
warning, to her companion, she.'sprang
out of the way, just escaping the for
ward end of the 'car.. Miss Oglio, in
tent upon the southbound car, failed to
hear her cousin's warning, and a second
later .. the car struck her. She was
thrown 'down and both wheels of the
forward truck passed ' over '¦. her limbs.
The girl was dragged nearly 200 feet
before Haladay "could bring the car to
a standstill. \, . -^ *>-i- - .
.The accident was witnessed by Mrs.
Amelia Falettl, .Miss Oglio's cousin,
who, when, she saw the girl run over,
became hysterical and ran screaming
from the scene of the accident.
WAITS FOR OAR.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Miss Stella
Oglio, 24 .3?ears old, a dressmaker, re
siding at :1461 Broadway, was struck
by a north-bound -Shattuck avenue car.
No. 156, in charge of MotormanC. W.
Haladay, at Forty-sixth street and
Shattuck avenue at 6 : 45 : o'clock . to
night and was so badly injured that she
died Ttwo , hours later at the East Bay
Sanitarium without regaining con
sciousness. ~ Both the unfortunate
woman's legs were cut off JiisC below
the hips and .'she received other Injuries
about the head and body^ Miss Oglio
was to have been! married on Sunday,
November 6. F. Simpson, the v man to
whom she' : was 'engaged, is now
on his way- from Los Angeles to meet
the girl who has been taken from him
by death. V . - ' . '
Both Legs Are Severed, and 4he Girl,
„ Soon to Marry, Expires on the
: v- : , Table. ,,. ;.
Young Dressmaker Struck
by -Electric Car and'
: -Fatally Hurt
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— There is trouble
over a sewer in the fashionable part
uf the city and George H. Wheaton and
M. W. Kales, both, prominent in social
and business circles, have gone to law
about the pipe leading, out of ; their
back yards.
Their homes adjoin in the Lakeside
district, being situated at the corner
uf Lake and Jackson etreets. The sewer
over which the trouble has arisen has
been used by a number of the residents
of that part of the city for j the last
quarter of a century. Kales has threat
ened to dig it up. -
As far back as 1876, Wheaton states
in his petition, he and several of his
neighbors clubbed together and built a
private- sewer. Henry H. More, 'who
then owned the property which Kales
has since purchased, gave a perpetual
right to those interested in the matter
to maintain euch a sewer and run it
under the back* cf his premises. In 18S7
Kales bought the property • with
knowledge of the sewer and the ar-
rangement and for some time used It
himself. Then trouble arose and the
sewer has been the cause of a rupture
and a . cutting off pt diplomatic re
lations.
Kales objects to: the sewer. It is
further. alleged he has' refused to allow
his neighbors to have the pipe repaired
where it runs through his premises.
They are in daily danger of being
flooded out of their homes and he has
now threatened to. dig up the objec
tionable pipe and cast It out into the
street. In this extremity the courts
have been appealed ..to' and Wheaton
has asked for an Injunction to restrain
Kales from carrying out his expressed
purpose.
•The sewer has been the bone of con
tention between the men for some time
in different ways has come up be
fore the City Council and ' the street
committee, but now that it has been
taken into the courts it is expected
that, like the famous Jones County calf
case, it will afford material for suits
for years to come.
Wiese has been superintendent- of
the municipal electric, plant for more
than ten years. Frequent rows with
Trustee Bowers, who is' chairman of
the light plant committee, are the di
rect cause of his enforced resignation.
J. B. Kahn of San Francisco has made
application for the position. .
ALAMEDA, Oct. 28.— After confer
ring with City Trustees J., F. Forderer,
C. J. Hammond and B. E. Combs to
day, Superintendent G. A. Wiese' of
the municipal electric light and power
department agreed to tender his resig
nation, to take effect the first of De
cember. The demand- of City Trustee
W. M. I Bowers for Wiese's removal
will be complied with and that official
will continue to remain a member of.
the municipal board instead . of retir
ing, as he declared he would, if his
recommendation for the superintend
ent's removal were not supported.
"When Forderer, Hammond and
Combs had persuaded Wiese that his
resignation was imperative he consent
ed to leave the employ of the city at
the end of next month, and a letter ex
plaining the agreejnent was drafted
and forwarded to Bowers.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Declaring that
he has beert- cast off by his wife, who
he alleges has property to the value of
$50,000, David McMahon of Berkeley,
through his guardian, Edward Dougery
of 2330 Derby street, has begun an ac
tion for support against Sarah H.
Smi th-McMahon, who is making: her
home at Whaplnger Falls, N. Y. < An
attachment was levied this afternoon
on property at Twehty-flfth street and
Broadway In order to collect the . $150 a
month- maintenance and $2000 -back
money now alleged to be due..'
McMahon is 75 years of age and.para
lyzed, j A few years ago he marrledMrs.
Smith, who is ten years' his junior. For
some time the old couple lived amicably
together and McMahon made himself
generally useful in taking care of an
; : - McMahon has been given a home by
Edward Dougery, who has. been ap
pointed his guardian for the purpose of
bringing the present, action, and it is
stated that the suit is to be actively
prosecuted with. the Intention of mak
ing the -wife provide for the comfort
of her aged spouse. McMahon, It is. also
stated, had some property of his own
at the time of his marriage, but it was
swallowed up in that of his wife, and
•he is now in control of ay of It.
old horse and buggy in which his wife
went about and In pottering: about the
grounds of. their garden. Then came a
paralytic stroke and the, old- man lost
his usefulness and ' became a charge.
Sick of Her bargain, Mrs. McMahon had
no further use for the old man and
abandoned him, so he asserts.
TO MAKE HARD FIGHT
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 23.
John P. and Edna F. B*cVett to Thomas W.
Stokes, lot on E line- of Adeline stre«t Uama
as now exists). 155 S of Twenty-eighth, S 3O
by B 122. block «.">l. Boardmaa'a map' (Record
ed October 27. 1004), Oakland; J10.- • •
Charles. 3. and Elizabeth I* Holmes. Cleorga
W. and Abbie B. Fisher to Charles W. Stll
well, lot on X line of Delger street.' 240:10.04
W of Telegraph avenae. E H inches. N 160.. W
12 Inches. S to beginning (recorded October 27,
1&0-4). Oakland; *io.
Omer D. and Clara V. Harford to Antolnatta
"Wlttscben (widow), lot on W lino of .West
street. 120 N of Thirty-first. N 40 by W 113.
lot 4. block 2033. Rowland Tract (recorded
October 27. 10U4), Oakland; $10.
John K. Spring (widower) to Harrir I* Hol
cornh, lot on S 'corner of Bayo Vista, and Wain
worth avenues, S\Y 70. by SE 125. lot 1J. block
O. Linden Vista Terrace. Oakland; $10.
Charles F. and Ida E. Wagner (wife) to
Elizabeth Wagner (widow)-, lot on SW corner
of Eighth and Campbell streeU, S 83 by W
83:8, portion lots 20 to 23. block 328/ map Cas
serly Tract at Point, Oakland: $10. • : <¦ . .
William B. Greenebanm to John W. Rlckley.
lot on W lln« of Grova street. 84 8 of Twenty
ninth. 8 28 by W 115. lot 5, block P. -map
Henry - subdivision of Whitcher dt Bcockburst
and Roland Tract. Oakland; $10.
Lizzie A. Mx (widow) to Delia Dallers (wif«
of Robert), lot on B line of Telegraph aveau*.
31.2S S of Sixty-second street. S 51.73. B
147.20. N 50. W 133. 7O. lot 3. block K. map '3.
Roberts &• Wolfskin Tract. Oakland: JIO.
. Hibernia -Savings anil Loan Society to E.
A. Bushnell. lot on NW corner of" Twenty
fourth and Webster streets, N so. w to H
line of Broadway. S to Intersection, with. N
line of Twenty-fourth, B to beginning, bloclc
2178. Oakland; $.1000.
Fannie D. and Fred W. I<ak« to J. C. Mc-
Mullen. lot on E line of Unden street. 230
S of Weat Tenth. S 70 by B tl'5. portion lot
4. block J, map property Oakland" Central
Homestead Association. Oakland; $100.
The Land and Development Company- (cor
poration) to C. Llnd. lot on NE corner Hold?n
street and Park avenue, K 100 by N 10O,
block 22, map part plat 6, KelTersbergeT's sur
vey, V. and D. Peralta Ranebo. property J.
5. Emery. Emeryville, Oakland Township; $10.
Realty Syndicate to Matthew O. Emery, lot
on E line of ' Harlan street. 123 N" of Park
avenue. N 150, B 130, N ISO, E 135 to W
line of Watts street, S 333, etc., W 260 to
beginning, block 10. map part' plat 6. Kellers
berger's survey V. and D. Peralta Raneho,
property. J. 9. Emery, Oakland Township: $10.
Same to Nancy J. Bowers, lot 3. block 10.
McGee Tract, portion plat 67, etc.. Berkeley;
$10. -, .
George O. and Mary E. Wtckson to Fanny
M. Winter (widow), lot on S line of Durant
avenae, 100 W of Telegraph avenue, W 35
by S 130. lot 34 and portion lot 3.1. block 2.
map subdivision block -. Beaver Tract. Berke
ley; $100. . .¦-
E. B. and F. K. Paniw (wife) to Grace I.
Winter (single), lot on NE corner of, Ells
worth and Ward streets. N 134:8 by E 42:6,
portion lots 17 to 10, block E, Leonard Tract.
Berkeley; $100.
M. L. Wicks (single) to Percy L. WIeV*.
Iota 17 and IS. block 93. lot 10. h'ock 107.
lota 4 and 5. block 10S. Tract B. Berkeley' L.
and T. I. Association. Berkeley; 92125.'
Josephlne A. Bakewell (widow) to Charlotte
V. Morgan (wife W. C). lot on E line o?
Euclid avenue, 271.&* N of Hillside way.. N
50 9y E 130. lot 7, block 2. map Wheeler
Tract. Berkeley; $10. »
Charlotte L. = and W. C. Morgan to J6hn V.
Calkins (trustee), same. Berkeley; $10- • •
I Christian A. . and Suean M. Klose to G. Er>
win Brlnckerhofl, lot on N line of Tompkins
street. 12O TV of Ralston. W 24O .by OJ O3fl.
lots 8. and 9. , block 3. map. of. lands of Stato
University . Homestead Association - No. ' 3,
Berkeley: $10. ./¦¦"¦; :.'¦; t.-j/f •
- John II. Grlswold (single) to .same, same,
Berkeley; $10.
Sarah A. McKee (widow) (by S. B. McKee.
attorney) to Frederick and Mathilda Larson,
lot lfl. block 2. map of. Santa Fe Tract 5,
deed and agreement, Berkeley; $10. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ J.V i
Leah F. Mott (single) ta John W. Dill (mar
ried), lot on W line of Lafayette street, 63
S of Buena avenue, S 30 " by W 100. ' portion
lots 17 to 20. block 45, map of property 'near
Enctnal station of Columbus Bartlett. Ala
meda; $10.
Martha J. Sheseler (widow) to Berkeley Bi
ble Seminary, lot on' E line of Willow .street.
60 S of Railroad avenue, S 27 by B 115. por
tion of lots IS to 18. block 20. map of lands
adjacent to Enctnal; In consideration - second
party agrees upon execution of this deed ta
cancel of $1200 and to execute lease to ¦ first
party of above described . premises at $* per
month, and upon death first party to pay
Moody Bible Institute $25 and funeral ex
penses, not to exceed $175. and second party
agrees upon death of first party, to pay JVIrt.
Mary Smith $3 per month during - life. ! Ala
meda; valuable consideration. . ;¦ ;
Alameda County.
City Trustee's Demand for
the Resignation of the
Superintendent Prevails
Neighborhood Row Is on Between Fashionable
People and It Reaches Court for 'c\- t
Adjustment. -
BOWERS CARRIES POINT
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Stella 5 Qglio Meets
Almost Instant
rDeatti.
Says His Wife IsWealthy and
He Old and Feeble.
Private Wastepipe Casus Belli
Retire on December First
Head of Municipal Light
Plant of Alameda Will
SEWER CASE TO RIYAL
JONES' CALF.
Husband Sues
for Support
TRAGEDY
ROBS LOVER
OF A BRIDE
WIESE AGREES
TO WITHDRAW
THE .SANiJVRANGISGQllCALL, SATURDAy?^ OCTOBER: }29,U904;
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
- 8TEALS ; FROM A ,WOMAN.--OakJand' i bet : "
28.— A sneak;thifef etole |20 • from j Mrs . D \'e' ;
Fogg's store,' 813 : East Fourteenth : street, '/this
afterngeu.-' ? .*.-.;:- :-V. - " ',:.•. ¦ ;•- - r-r-*-' '-': -
6
FREE . FREE PRE*E
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
WANT ADS;
A Coupon Entitling .You to One
Pound : 40c : . ..
"TOP, QUALITY? COFFEE of
THE GREAT, AMERICAN '
IMPORTING c f EA CO.
With - Every 25c rSmall , Ad-: !
in SUNDAY 'jCALJfr?; j J ,
See Small Ad ;Page ¦ for; Further;
Particulars; - !
j^VEKTISEMEyrs. _ ;
Aching Teeth
Delay -'Business
As a matter - of fact. • however, teeth
never ache> — It- 'la "the nerves. Never
mind, call it- what '.you like. we. can cure
It We will save the achers If possible.
That. Is. If/ you .wish. Or, will extract
them without pain. Pine .dental work
f or . 1 ittle - money. . ;i|BH£fiHH|
Gold rilUays. . S1.0O I silver > TUUnes. .5Oo
Gold i Crowns. . $3.00 | PoroeLaia Crowns 43
Post-Graduate Dental College,
¦3 TATZ.OS ST, SA» PRAX CISCO.
973 WaaUzurtoa Bt^ Oakland.
BBMCH OFFICES
of;.the.call n
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1033.
' * ' BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street-
Telephone North 77.
ALA31EDA-
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alumeda (59.United States ; Coast and ' Geodetic Survey—
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Fishing ' Boats ; Run . Doun.
XChiit the., schooner I>etitia - was bound In
;¦¦•' ¦ A ' risaue^ story • i3 "generally, as 'broad
as i It" la* long. *$!z£S8UKB&& ]. " ',
:'j. Baggage ttansferred • to and ! from - all ' trains,
steamers,? etc.. i at i low ; rates.i One { trunk - (sin- '
(le -trip) . 39 'cents ; round trip fid cents. .Morton
Special i Delivery ,'|808 Taylor st.,-; 650 v Market
at.7. Oakland Depot. . Phone Ex change ' 46»
Notice; to'. Passengers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic OfBce, U. S. N.. Mer
: chants'- Exchange, .-' San Francisco. Cal.,
- October 28. 1004. -. -..->;
The -Time - Ball ; on - the = tower ¦ of - the • Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1 e..""at noon of , the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.Greenwich time.. J..C. BURNETT,;
Lieutenant. U. S.*N,,;in charge., -
The Pacific Mall rteanashlp" Algoa will sail
from . Flrat* and Brannan streets at ; 1 • p. ; m.
to-day for ' Japan . and China, tilth passenger!
and about 15.000 tons of freight. .
At 11 a^m. to-day the "Oceanic liner Ala
meda'wlll leave raciflc-ttreet wharf. Pier 7,
with m. full cargo and passengers for Honolulu.
Tbe following are the cabin passengers:
L. S. Aungst. MJss Pearl Belser. Captain
H. Bcrger. Mrs. Burger. Mrs. - H. E. Brodek,
Geor«r*! QiaJmens. Frank Crawford. E. Cropp.
B F. Dlllinsbara, H. G. DIHinirham, K. S.
GJerdrum. H. A. Giles. Mrs. Giles, F. H.
Greeue. Dr.- A- G. Hod gins. Mn>. Hodgins,
O.' It Kewjey. Mies Kate Keeney. 1>. B. Kerr.
W. E Kerr. D. Lever. Mrs. L., Miller, H. C.
Myers. Mrs.. A. H. Otle. Major \V. A. Purdy
Jim. Purdy. ' A. Jl. Reichllng,- H. G. Ithodei!
O fi KoudebuEh, J. S. Ross, V. A. Schaefer.
H*. Jjohultz. Mrs. Clark L. Smith,- J. J. Souza,
Mr.i5pcncer.\Mr. Sullivan. Mrs. Sullivan, Mr.
Ocean Steamers to .Sail.
In addition * to the • foregoing the . steamer
carried 30.000 lbs ealt and 15 cs canned goods,
valued at $90,' en route to Northwest Territory,
and 4 cs canned * goods, . 20 bxs raisins, 3 pkgs
groceries and ; provisions, 224 - lbs - nuts and' 10
crts ' onions," valued ' at , ? 148, for Suva, Fiji
Islands.
i \ The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Thura
1 day -for Victoria with. an assorted cargo con
islgnf-d to the port of destination and other
British Columbian • ports, valued at $15,352
and " Including the following:- 727 pkgs fresh
fruits, -15. pkgs fresh. vegetables, 15 plqrs gro
ceries and provisions,' * 37,290 . lbs malt, 21 • cs
whisky, JS03.cs canned goods. 3280 lbs meal,
369 lbs cheese, 3270 lbs 9 cs chocolate. 55,030
lbs raisins, 23.970 lbs dried fruit, 201 pkgs
paste,- 16 cs table preparations. 1172 gals wine,
12 cs honey, 8 . cs salad oil, 2S57 .¦ lbs . beano,
250 bags wood pulp, 4 pkgs machinery, 15 cyls
gas," 26 ' pkgs : electrical supplies, 53 tins
j matches, 2047 lbs brass, 39 cs arms and am -
j munition. . VjBfjflMf >
Exports for the Xorth.
The prize trip on record th!s seascn is that
just made by the oil carrying steamer George
Jjoom**- "Bhe Killed from thin port to Seattle,
discharged 1000 tons of oil and returned to San
Francisco Thursday afternoon, making ' the
round trip in 7. days and 10 hours. Not with -
Ftanding the togs.- northeasters, southeaster*
and'SsJec from most ever}' r<o!nt on the com
pairs, the Pacific Coast fleets have some racers
amene them. ¦ '
Pacific CkKist Racer.
The bark George Curtis sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with a general cargo, valued at $33,
103, and Including the following:
120 bbU Hour. 4249 ctls barley. 33S0 ctls
oats, 474 ctls corn. 36S7 bales hay, 5S93 lb»
meal. 1553 lbs bread, 51,500 lbs sugar, 12b*2
Sals vinegar, 10,671 lbs beans,, 100 cs salmon, .
1800 lbs coffee, 441 cs canned goods. 770 gals
wine,. I>4 gals 23 cs whisky, 5 cs mineral water,
C300 lbs sugar, C98 pes sewer pipe. 11 bdls
brooms. 7 drums add, 33 colls rope, 8 cs
paints, 10 cs turpentine. 9 pkgs dry goods. 247
bdls 20 pes sash weights, G pkgs machinery,
C004 ft hardwood. 15,065 lbs roeln, 110 bxs
soap, £00- bd Is shingles, 122 cs gasoline, 345
bdls paper, 10O tons sand, 2000 bbls cement,
&t oars. - X cow. -. - -
A Cargo for Honolulu.
Telegrams received in this city yesterday by
the Merchants* Exchange and by Williams,
Dlraond tz Co. announce that' the steamships
American aad Arizonan. reported to have
been destroyed in the great Brooklyn fire yes
terday morning, escaped the flames. The Ari
zonan was ellghtly caarred, but the American
¦was not even scorched.
Four steamers were reported burned to the
meter's edge, one of which is the Nebraskan,
and In her case the report ia doubtless true.
The Vebraskan. Alaakan. Oregonian. Hawaiian,
American and Artxcnan, ships of the Ameri
-oan-Hawaiian line, are bound for San Fran
cinco. consigned to TVUHams. Dlmond & Co.
The Arizonan and American ha\e Just received
new commanding officers, and about the first
good work these captains did was to save their
chipc. The Ncbraskan U commanded by Cap
tain Weeden.
American and Arizonan Safe.
Charters.
The ship Abner Coburn Is chartered for lum
ber from Puget Sound to Callao direct at 35a.
The barkentine Makawell (at Tacoma) is
chartered for coal thence to Mazatlan
The British ship Mayfield proceeds in bal
last to Sydney for orders.
ARRIVED.
Friday. Oct. 28.
U S lighthousa stmr Madrono. Anderson. 30
hours from Eureka.
Stmr F A Kllburn, Thompson, 7 hours from
Port Rodjjers.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 16 hours from Caspar;
bound south; called In to land passengers
Stmr Eonlta. Leland, 60 hours from San
Pedro, etc. - .
Stmr Del Norte, Payne, 36 hours from Cres
cent City. ; , >.
Etmr Umatilla, ' Nopand,er, 69 hours 'from
Victoria. . . - . :
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 10 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada 6O hours. - . :
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from -Eureka.
Br 6hip Granada. Elsten. 142 days from
Antwerp."
Fr bark Guethary, Berhault, 153 days from
Rotterdam, via Dunkirk 147 days. .
Fr bark La Rochejacqueltn, Durand, 149
adys from Swansea. ,
Bktn Echo. Bellesen. C days . from WtHapa
Schr Fanny Dutard, Andersen, 5 • days from
Eureka.
Schr C T Hill, Mollberg, 6 days from Til -
Iamoolc. .
Schr Okanocan, . Reed. ¦ 11 days from Port
Schr \ r olunteer, Bressen, 6 days from Coos
Bay. .' ' ¦ • >:_.¦; ¦..-..--. - • . ...
Schr Glendale, Gronwald, 17 days from
Klawack. ¦;-,.-
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson, 7 days from
Grays Harbor. .
" CLEARED.
. ; Friday, Oct. 28.
Stmr Corona. ; Glelow, Eureka;. Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. " . .. ~
— Stmr Santa" Rosa. 'Alexander. _ San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Company. .:. '¦ .
" Stmr Geo W; Elder. Randall,- Portland and
"Astoria; 8 F and Portland S 8 Company.'
Br "Ship Thalatta, Partridge, Ipswlcn; Geo
W McXear. -
-Br ship Poltalloch. .Young, Royal Roads, B
C; W R Grace & Co. '
Bark Geo Curtis,' Calhoun, Honolulu f W^elch
& Co. :
SAILED.
• ~ c , * Friday, Oct.' 28. ;
, Rtmr, F. A Kllburn, .Thompson, Port Rodgers.'
Rtmr Samoa. Madsen,. San Pedro.
Stmr ' Corona, f Glelow,' Eureka:; :.- i
1 Btmr ' Wentoort. Johnson.- Westoort. - r . •
•Stmr .'Sequoia,- McClements, Wlllapa Harbor. 1
' Etmr Glosy. ; Gray.": Santa • Cruz. » —
•Stmr National City. Hammar, Fort ; Bragg.>
Stmr Gualala, "Kalnle> ; > - *•
Bark . Geo Curtla, Calhoun,* Honolulu. ¦¦-:".
¦ Schr Jennie Griffin, Gibson, : Bolinan. •/ :'¦-¦¦•
Schr Lizzie Vance, Jer.sen, Grays ¦ Harbor, r'
' SPOKEN.,- . --.; :
Per Fr bark Guethary. Oct 13 — Lat 28 N ' 128
20 W. Br bark = Invermark." from Antwerp, for
Port Los Angeles. .- •., ,-¦?_ ¦ , . :
' Oct 27," oer schr Kona. at "Aberdeen— -Lat ? 50
N. long 127 47! W, schr., Manukona,\ from Re
dondo,^. for Portland. ., \\ , . :, '
; TELEGRAPHIC. '
POINT LOBOS.L.Oct ¦ 28. .'10 Tp vm— Weather
cloudy ; wind i NW; velocltyi 12 ; miles ! per hour.i
, . /.DOMESTIC? PORTS.Vi - * .
; - COOS i BAT-^Arrived \ Oct? 2S^Stmr T Arcata,'
hence ' Oct C5; . sehr.'Advent, \ hence • Oct ; 13.": ¦-'•¦•.
SHIPPING IXTELIjIGENCE.
Matters of Interest to Slariners nnd
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Thalatta was cleared yes
terday for Ipswich, England, with 62.392 ctls
barley, valued at f 73,300, and 20,000 ft of
lumber as dunnase, valued at $300.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. :
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. Oct 81
Santa Clara.. Seldovia & Way Ports. Nov 1
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Nov 2
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
FROM SEATTLE.
The commanding officer of the military post
at Anrel Island is determined to break up the
system of imposing on neTriy discharged sol
diers at that place by the agents end runner*
cf clothing bouses and others of a certain class
of dealers. So be gave strict orders that thU
rentry should not be allowed on the Island.
TY.*** restrictions are well known to the people
de£i*-ra.ted in the orders, but last Wednesday
two runners named F"owler and Artcra, landed
©n Angel Isi&nd. They knew that several hun
dred soldiers were to be paid oft. and In ad
vance they would Eieal a march on the authori
ties -nd«gathcr in the new greenbacks. They
j>a£sed t£e sentry at the landing as merely
visitors to Eccie of the men. and were doing
considerable business among the soldiers wn»n
ivord reached the commander that two suepl
cicus etranrers were running loc»e en the res
ervation They were immediately hauled up,
for examination snd their answers being un
satisfactory they were locked up for trespass
in*; on a Government reservation. It Is said
that Artega was In a similar ecrape on the
Island a year ago. When the men are re
leawd they will understand that a military
«rfler comes from one who is inclined to en
force St. -"-;> r . : '--S--'
Clothing House Agents Locked Cp.
The steamer St. Paul arrived yesterday at
Seattle from Nome and left that port last
night for San Francisco.
The Pacific Coast steamship Curacao ar
rived yesterday morning from Mexican ports
with freight and E. Hickot. E. A. Opperman,
H. W. Lobb and wife in the cabin and six
teen passengers m the steerage.
The French bark Guethary. Captain Ber
hault. came Into port yesterday morning, 155
days from Rotterdam.
The Pacific Mall steamer San Jose will leave
the Mail dock at noon to-day for Panama and
way ports.
The nenial Captain Wilson, manager of the
Peterson launches at Foisom-street wharf, has
returned from a hunting trip in the mountains.
It le. reported that he shot much game.
¦ The schooner Glendale came into port yes
terday, seventeen days from Klawak. with
4356 cases of salmon.
Water Front N'otcs.
H. C. Saunders, . formerly first officer of
the Servia, was paid off yesterday morning and
spent hU forenoon riding around in a hack.
H$ refused to pay more than $1 and the hack
man swore out a warrant charging him with
attempting to defraud. Saunders was ar
rested.
¦ SEATTLE — Arrived Oct 28, 8 a m — Stmr St
Paul; .from Nome.
Sailed Oct'28— Stmr Jeffreson, for Skagway;
stmr St Paul, for San; Francisco.
Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Meteor, hence Oct 21.
Oct 28 — Slmr I-eelanaw. from Victoria; stmr
Chas Nelson, hence Oct 24.
.TATOOSH— Pased In Oct 28— Schr Aloha,
from " Lahalna. ; for Seattle; schr Balboa, from
8an Pedro, for Port Townsend; schr Spokane,
hence j Oct. ]2- for Port Gamble: I bktn Ama
ranth, from Honolulu, : for Port Townsend; Ger
stmr. Ammon. hence Oct 25 for Seattle: Ger
bark 'Pallas, from Santa Rosalia, for Port
Townsend ; sehr John G l North, hence j Oct 19
for Port Ludlow. ' . • .
Passed out Oct 28— Br stmr Wellington, fm
Lady smith, for San ¦ Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Oct 28, 8 D m—
Stmr Asuncion,- for San Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for 8an Francisco.
Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Jas S HIgglns. hence
Oct 2«. • '
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr
San Mateo. for San Francls;o. ¦
EUREKA — Sailed Oct 2.S— Stmr Acme. • for
San I Francisco: stmr j Pomona, for San Fran
cisco: , stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay, Astoria
and 'Portland; schr Abbie, for San Francisco.
- Salle-1 Oct 2S— Stmr Coqullle River, for San
Frftndsco. • ¦ - - . - - ¦¦...,
Arrived Oct . 28— Stmr Pasadena, hence
SSINTA". BARBARA — Arrived Oct 28— Stmr
State J of California, j hence Oct 27, and sailed
fcr San Dieeo. ,
DON— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence ; Oct 20. .„-¦ ' my ' <_.¦¦..-.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 28 — Br ship Lang
dale, from Hnr.gay. ¦ • '.
.-» BAN:..', DIEGO — Arrfved i Oct 28— Nor stmr
Titanla, f rom ¦ Ladysmlth.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct '28— Schr Wa."
wona.--from\Wttlapa. Harbor; echr Fearies"
from Cfllingham. :,/ - ;
Sailed Oct 28— Schr . Beulah, for Astoria*
schr Stisift M.Pliimmer. for Everett: schr Ce
cilia Sudden. .fo r Grays Harbor; stmr San Qa-'
brlel. ' for Umiiqua.. ¦ ¦¦'¦¦ - .
GRAYS : HARBOR— Arrived ' Oct 28— Stmr
Santa ;Barbarn, . hence Oct -25; stmr Centralia
hfnce-Oct 25; -nchr. Comet.: from San Pedro
echr C A >Thayer,; from Guaymas: nchr Jennie
Wand/^henee, Oct^- 15; schr. Resolute, from:
SauiPedro: bktn-Gleaner. , hence Oct id; schr
Dauntless, , hence Oct;13: schr R C Slade* from
San Pedro: schr_. Muriel, from Redondo : schr
A , K ; West. I hence | Oct 1 11 : schr Carrier Dove '
from .-San Pedro;, schr, Falcon, hence Oct 1"> -
Sailed. Oct '27— Schr Meteor, for San Pedro
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 28-Stmr Cen
tra'.ia, hence .Oct ., 2fi: stmr Santa Barbara
hence Oct 25; schr Jennie Wand, "hence Oct 15
fchr"Resolute.: from San Pedro; bktn Gleaner!
hence ; Oct .10; schr' Coniet. from San Pedro
echr R . C. Slade," from San Pedrd;:: schr A \'L
West, hence Oct 11:. schr Kona, from Redondo
; EASTERN PORTS. ' '
- NEW TOP.K— Sailed * Oct 27— Stmr" City of
.Washington, for. Colon. ¦ . * * -
CHARLESTON— Arrived Oct 27— Br stmr
Celia, for.Callao. ; ,'" mr
:• ¦•.-: .FOREIGN. PORTS.
ANTWERP— Sailed t Oct 2C— Ital ship Amphl
trlte; for : San ; Franciaco. ¦ ,.> -> ¦¦ , .
ror^^Scl^'vl^^- 13 '- MB
ROTTERDAM— In. port : Oct 27— Br" shiD
Dunsyre. froms Antwerp, > for San Francisco a
HAMBURG— Sailed Oct 2&— Br shin Oa
borne. ¦: for Kanta Roaa'la. " : snip us-
ANTOFAGASTA — Arrived - Seot •' 12— Br " bark
Ivanhoe.i f rom Port .Townsend. >
/LADY8MITH— Sailed Oct 27.' 3 f> m— Br
*tmr: Wellington;- for San; Francisco. —
.^V'^rT-vi^ Memoranda.--;
- LONDON.'. Oct : 27— Tbklo , cables that the " Br
stmr : Ohio; : from Saigon, stranded at Chlnamnn
on : Oct 27 i and there ' Is ¦ very little ; chanc ™ of
getting her off/ :,,.- - " „ .>. .....,- .- ,
v . Nmv ; TORK,- Oct 27— The" Br. 1 stmr Cumbalj
bound- from* here to / West : Coast * which re
turned Oct ' 26: for; slight repairs to ' machlnerY
• resumed -: voyage* yesterday. • /^ • - ~ . . .,:*...'•
• vAoordlng ;.to • telegram - received : by - Willi«m»-
Dlmond & ' Co., : agents * at thl* : port -fir «i»
Hawaiian- American ; Steamship , Company '¦ the
steamers ' Arlzonlan -and r- American . the ' only
steamers * of the : company ; at -: New York ' es
caped undamaged ? from , flre which ' took place
there shortlyrafter midnight. "A later dispatch
says t that i the f steamer * ArUonlan commenced
loading' aga)n-*thi« morning for San Francisco
at;another. dock..-' ,; •' ' : •> ' .-
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 39.
Algoa China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Point Arena Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
O. W.^Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
San Jose N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Norwood • Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports . . 4 pm Pier . 2
Iaqua Astoria & Portland 10 am Pier 2
¦ October 30. •
Bonita. Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Kureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Homer 'Los Angeleg Ports. 5 pm Pier- 2
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor, .i... 3 pm Pier 53
October 31.
Pomona. . . • Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Redondo Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
November 1. '
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.. 5 pm Pier 8
Northland.. Los Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 27
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
November 3.
Arctic Humboldt 1.... 9 am Pier 2
November 3. j
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Rainier..... Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt' 1:30 p Pier - 9
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Elizabeth... Coqullle River .... 5 pm Pier 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
November 4.
N. Fork.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
November 6.
CltyPanamt N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
November 6. ¦
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Plef 9
Jeanie .. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
November 7. I
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 amiPler 11
Chico Coquille River .... 1 pmipier 2
Novembers. I
Alliance.... Eureka &. Coos B. 5 pmlPier 18
TO SAIL.
Even trousers recognize the power of
the nress. '
from «ea shortly after 8 o'clock last night
she ran into two Ufhlng boats off Fort Point.
One of the boats was badly smashed and
finally, capsized, but fortunately, her two occu
pants, one of whom was Comaso Campagnola.
nmna?ed to reach the bow of the Letltla and
climbed aboard. The other boat was not areat
ly damared and a few minutes after the ac
cident she reached the side of the Letltia and
took aboard the fishermen of the wrecked
boat. Tb» fishermen then proceeded with
their boat to the one that had been over
turned aad after rightin< her they towed lier
to Fishermen's wharf. Both boats lost their
nets a part of which clung to the keel ot tho
Letitia. and also lost their rudders. The £am
app amounted to about $100.
Steamer. From. \ Pug-
San Pedro.... Humboldt Oct. 29
Pomona Humboldt ...iOct. 23
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor ........ [Oct. 29
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Oct. 29
Arctic Humboldt Oct. 30
Enterprise Hllo Oct. 30
W. Kruger... Portland & Astoria. ... Oct. oO
Homer Grays Harbor Oct. 30
Arcata Coos Bay .& Pt. Orford. Oct. 30
Redondo San Pedro I .....Oct. 30
Chehalts San Pedro Oct. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria Oct. 31
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Oct. 31
Rainier Seattle & . Belllngham. Oct. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 31
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Oct. 31
S.Monica San Pedro Oct. 31
Santa Cruz . . . Southern Coast [Nov. 1
Northland ... Portland & Astoria. . ..(Nov. 1
Pomo Point Arena & Albion . . |Nov. 1
Corona Humboldt .....Nov. 1
North Fork... Humboldt : Nov. 1
Elizabeth Coqullle River ........Nov. 1
Mackinaw Tacoma Nov. 2
Eureka Humboldt Nov. 2
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 2
Aurelia Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Nov. 2
Anro Eel River Ports Nov. 2
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor . Nov. 3
Centralia Grays Harbor Nov. 3
Acapulco. .... New York via Ancon.. Nov. A
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 3
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Nov. 3
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 4
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului.. Nov. B
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 5
Alliance j Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 6
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports |Nov.-7
Memphis Hamburg & Way Ports. I Nov. 7
Manchuria... China & Japan ...|Nov. 8
j ¦" (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ,
'- SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 2S— 3 p. m.
J . The following maximum and minimum . tem-
I p^raturcs are reported for the previous day
trom Eastern cities :
Boston . . .' .46-30 New Orleans. . . .-74-5S
Jacksonville 72-58 Philadelphia 50-54
St. Louis 51-4O Washington 52-30
Chicago 46-341 New York ...10-30
SAN FRANCISCO 60-54
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four hours:
' Last. This Last
Station* — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eurek* 0.00 4.S5 3.29
Red Bluff 0.00 S.4» 0.45-
S^craaiento 0.00 3.47 0.12
San Franc'sco 0.00 7.45 0.17
Frrsno 0.00 4.98 0.00
Independence 0.00 0.47 0.42
Snn Luis Oblspo 0.00 4.58 0.02
Los Angeles . .- 0.00 1.13 0.4:1
S*n Diego 0.00 0.16 0.07
'¦¦ • . COAST RECORD.
~~~ 9 a s e » ~5;
S S5 Sa as j?| t\
§ §3 |f. 3*1 8 2 £•
STATIONS. J «i'|=3 S-" £
..? p 3 3 3 9 3 s
I c c : : S
* — >t a ' ' • -
Baker 30.08 66 34 SW Cltar 3)
Carson 30.06 70 32 AV Clear .«>
Eureka 30.14 56 48 NW Cloudy :0O
Fresno 30.C2 SO 50 NW Clear .00
Fligsuilt 30.04 52 20 XE Cloudy .(tO
Independence .30.00 72 44 SW Clear .00
Lr» Angeles. .30.00 80 as ¦ SW Clear .00
Mi Tamalpals.30.0K 63 40 S\r Pt.Cldy .00
North Head... 30. 10 B2 42 SE Cloudy ,00
Phoenix 28 .1)4 78 60 S Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello :{0.C<» 06 34 SW Clear .00
Point Reyes.. 30. 04 5U 52 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.12 64 48 SW Cloudy .00
R<"-d Bluff 30.02 72 48 S Clear .00
Roseburg 30.12 54 44 E Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..30.04 72 50 E Clear .00
£alt Lake S0.04 02 44 SW Clear .00
San Francisco.3O.lC 60 .54 W Pt.Cldy .00
San I* Oblrpo.30.02 68 4S NW Pt.Cldy .00
San Diegj ...29.9R 72 60 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.12 52 44 S Cloudy .00
S.E Farallcn.30.10 5S 65 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30. OS no 32 Clear .00
Tatoosli 3i'.O4 54 50 E Cloudy .14
Walla Walla..: 30.04 <2 42 W Clear .00
Wlnntmucca .30.CS 70 23 SW Cl#ar .00
Yuma 29.92 84 50 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails along the coast
nrrth of San Francisco and rain has begun
falling at Tatoosh Island. Southeast winds pre
vail en the northern coast. In California there
has been but little change in the weather. At
Fresno cooler weather prevails.
For«-aRt made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 29:
Northern California — Cloudy Saturday, with
Bbowers on the northern coast; light southerly
winds.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
i?an Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Satur
day, becoming unsettled at night; fresh south
east winds. -
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light north winds, changing to southwest.
' Sacraipento — Cloudy Saturday; fresh south
erly winds.
Fresno— Fair Saturday; light north winds.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
TO ARRIVE.
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Polat, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the beighf
of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER" 29.
Sun rises * 0:31
Sun sets 5:15
Moon rises 0:31 p. m."
0 jTime |Time[ [Time Time
£. Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft/ Ft.
* IH Wj fL, W| |H W) - L. W
29 1 3:27 H» »:0S 3.11 2;C0 50 *B:10 0.2
30 I 4:26 4.2 9:16 3.1 3:03 . 4.8 10:0S 0.3
31 '5:24 4.4 10::«i 3.1 4:10 4.6 11:19 0.6
1 I 6:17 4.7 11:54 2.tt 5:38 4.4 ..... .....
|L W IH W IL. \V H W
2 I 0:12 0.81 7:09 5.0 1:02 2.0 0:5C 4.4
:? ! 1:13 1.1 7:31 5.3 2:00 1.4 8:10 .4.6
4 I 2:05! 1.1! 8:3S| 5.4| 2;51| . 0.8 9;16j ,4.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tldei
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to'time; th»
fourth time .column gives the last tide of th»
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
slKn" precedes the height, and then the number
riven Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
• B«ar this In mind. . Since the beginning the
nations - owning - the ' shipping have done - the
business of the world. Statistics prove that a
prosperous - shipping ' community . means pros
perity to every occupation. Do you, as a citi
zen, a voter; a farmer or a laboring man, want
to . see your shipping diverted to Seattle and
the. trade accruing from a large merchant ma
rine leave your State simply for the want of a
vote from you to upbuild It?
The Congressional Commission pagstded over
by_ United - States Senator Gaillnger, which ! re
cently heard -testimony. In San Francisco for
the purpose of devising means for the encour
agement and betterment of 'American shipping,
wasstrongly in favor as si rrieans to those ends
of 'the passage of this amendment. ' .: •» •
Besides paying Us share of State and county
taxes, shipping: paid to the Harbor Commission
era of San. Francisco for the year ending June
SO. * 1JKH, dues to the amount of
$1,008,281 69. Shipping 1b alio to pay
the $2,000,000 it Is proposed the Commissioners
should borrow to make improvements necessary
to the harbor of San Francisco. In practically
every great foreign port the coat of sivh Im
provements Is borne by tiational and local tax
ation. Besides this, the charges against ship
ping In tho port of San Francisco are notori
ously excessive; dock charges are the highest
or any port In the world.
The voters of the State of Washington will
vote next month upon an amendment to their
constitution exempting shipping from taxation.
We are advised the amendment will be carried
In Washington; California shipping will then
seek Seattle as a port of .registry with the re
sult that California will not collect taxes upon
the shipping which is now. registered here. The
steamers of the Pacific Mail are registered in
New Tork because New %York exempts ship
ping from taxation;. the steamers of the Pacific
Mall do not pay taxes in California. The busi
ness and policy of the Pacific Mail are directed
from New York. It builds -its ships' in the
Hast; the Union Iron Works here in San Fran
cisco can build them as cheaply and as well.
Shipping registered In Seattle will be controlled
from* Seattle,, with the result that little by lit
tle the \. business of building ships, outfitting
them, etc., will slip away from California.
: Many owners of vessels , in California have
no other property than their vessels. Owners
wlsh^to have repairs done under their super
vision and to purchase their supplies them
selves.,-To. the loss of ' the . shipping add the
loss to the owners of drydocks, ship chandlers,
laborers and '. others. 'Ship captains and their
families live In the same ports as the owners.
They., also .will move away. .,../.,•:.,.. ¦, ...
In support; of the proposed constitu
tional amendment to exempt shipping
in, this State from taxation it was said
by leading advocates of the measure in
this city .'. yesterday that England,
France, Germany, the States of ,New
York, New Jersey, New Hampshire, Il
linois,; Wisconsin and all the' large and
prosperous seaboard States of the
Union by law make such exemption as
is asked for in California. >In addition
to exemption , from taxation France
gives large bounties to" Its; shipping in
the, shape"*' of construction bounties,
outfitting bounties,* mileage bounties,
etc. England and Germany pay large
subsidies..*'
California taxes its shipping,, so it is
set forth in a circular* that has been
prepared for the information of the
voters, who will decide the fate of the
proposed amendment to the constitu
tion of the State, and therein it is as
serted that the State does not con
tribute one cent to aid shipping from
either the State or of the county treas
uries. The circular is about to be
mailed to voters. In part it is as fol
lows: . %
A- charge .of , conspiracy was lodged
yesterday against the Retail Fruit
Dealers ' of San . Francisco' by Adolph
Levy and ': Jacob Levy, who sue for
damages in the sum of $26,100 for an
alleged attempt by the organization to
destroy Athe plaintiffs' business as
wholesale dealers in fruit, berries and
produce. -Twenty-three members and
numerous "Does" are named aa de
fendants. .. '
. The, Levy's', declare that the associa
tion .was organized for the mutual pro
tection of its members, and it Includes
practically ! all of -the retail dealers in
thatline in the city. The defendants,
it is said, for the purpose of controlling
the retail. trade and securing the hotel
and restaurant trade and | preventing
competition therein, have conspired to
injure the plaintiffs' business. They
have notified all 'the customers who
have been .dealing with the • plaintiffs
to discontinue | their trade, and . havti
notified the otlffer wholesalers not ! to
sell such customers any produce under
threat of boycott. Because of this in
timidation, it is alleged, several cus
tomers have ceased, to deal with the
Levys, and they, have a large quantity
of | fruit "and berries on. hand which
have become "worthless. In this they
are damaged "In the sum of $100, , and
the business t has suffered $1000 dam
age, ; to which $25,000 is added.
Members of the association seen yes
terday declare that the Levys cannot
prove their allegations and that there
is no boycott nor any fine imposed upon
the members who deal with the con
cern. In support of their, position the
retailers charge that the Levy firm has
been selling fruit and produce . to the
restaurants, and other customers as
cheaply and cheaper .than to the re-,
.tailers. . As a matter of.self-protection, ?
they say, this must be combated.
It was 'intimated by one of the re
tailers interviewed that - the suit is
backed by "other wholesalers, who are
said to have had wind of the intention
of : the retailers to establish a co-oper
ative "wholesale establishment, where
all can buy on favorable terms.
The doughty captain's manner rather
than his authority and his language
rather than his logic won the chief
wharfinger's admiration. He consid
ered that a bluff like that deserved the
whole pot, so he laid his hand down
and left the Marion in the berth. So
the naval reserve battleship proudly
flies her flag over her guns and Foley
is an ensign in the State militia and a
captain in the United States navy—
and his rights there is none to dispute.
By this time the Marion had settled
back in her old home and the chief
wharfinger threatened to order out the
State tug Governor Markham to tow
the ship from the dock. Then Ensign
Foley figuratively wrote U. S. N. after
his name and played his big trump.
He informed the State official that the
Marion was the property of the United
States Government and he as her com
mander was an officer (a the United
States navy. If any person not prop
erly authorized by the Secretary of the
Navy attempted to interfere with the
sloop of war Marion he would, by vir
tue of his rank, declare martial law
on Folsom-street wharf No. 2 and pre
vent such attempt at all hazards. Then
Captain Foley ordered the cook, who
was acting as chief of staff, to signal
the flagship Pensacola for permission
to begin firing.
For several years the naval militia
vessel has been moored at one wharf
and another along the water front.
Often the docks are crowded and the
chief wharfinger has been obliged to
move the Marion to make room for
•ome cargo ship. Captain Foley al
ways filed a vigorous objection each
time the State's navy was dragged out
of her berth, but the needs of com
merce came first.
When the Marion returned from
Mare Island reoently she hauled into
her old mooring place at Folsom No. 2,
and the -wharfinger ordered her out into
the stream. Captain Foley in full uni
form stood on the quarterdeck of the
handsome, freshly painted, spick and
span sloop of war and wanted to know
who was standing on that dock order
ing that ship around the country- He
was told that the person was the
wharfinger. Then in picturesque lan
guage he asked what a wharfinger was.
When informed he averred that the
cemmanding officer of the Marion out
ranked a wharfinger. All this time the
vessel was moving slowly but surely
into her old berth. Finally Foley re
fused to confer with a subordinate of
ficial and the chief wharfinger was
called, who curtly announced that the
Marion could not remain there and
those orders came from the State Board
of. Harbor Commissioners. The cap
tain went higher than that and said
that he ordered the vessel there and
his authority came from the Governor
of the State-
Ensign John J. Foley is the com
manding officer of the sloop of war
Marion, the naval militia vessel. The
captain, as all officers in the navy hav
ing: a command are called, is a
thorough seaman, having absorbed his
knowledge of a ship forward of the
mainmast and. not in a shore academy.
Added to this qualification he possesses
the diplomacy of the bluff old days of
long ajro. Lord Nelson looking through
the glass with his blind eye that he
might not see the unwelcome orders
of the admiral is Ensign John J.
Foley's example, and he sees no signals
but those he himself hoists aboard the
Marion.
Levy Bros. Aver That Small
Dealers Are Boycotting
Them, but Denial Is Made
Voters Urged to Support an
; Amendment That \ Will
¦Help Commerce of the Port
WEATHER REPORT.
ASK HEAYYf DAMAGES
Steamships American arid Arizonan, Loading for This Port and Re
ported Burned in New York Bay, Are Safe.
HEAVY LOAD TO CAKEY
Wholesalers Say the Ket ail
Organization^.' Seeks to
Destroy Their Business
Clothing House Agents and Runners Land on Angel
Island and Are Arrested for Trespassing/^^^ K
Plea Made in Behalf of Sliip
ping Burdened ; at Home,
but Elsewhere Exempted
FOLEY DOCKS HIS SHIP
OFFERS STRONG
DEMUR TO TAX
SUIT AGAINST
FRUIT COMBINE
THE SA>T FRANCISCO vCALU OCTOBER 29. 1904:
7
g LIMITED TO CHIC^^.Og
1 LEAVES MONDAYS snd THURSDAYS I
¦ at 9:3O a. m.; through In 3 d *7"-H
H With diner and all trapping*. . |13
Other Santa Fa Trains:
T:30a. m. I For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m'J Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas ¦ City, Grand Canyon
and ChlcaEO. "
Ticket OMee*— 641 Market et. and Ferry Depot.
Ean Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 South .1st, Ean Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibaron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAPAE1.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:00. ll:0O a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. <i:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30. I
0:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m. -
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBANCX3C7.
WEEK DAYS— «:05, 7:33, 7:50. 9:20. • 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 0:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦
¦ Leave I In En'ect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. f ¦' San Fran.
Week I Sun- I -Destlna- I Sun- J Week
Day*. I days. I . tlon. ¦ ' - f days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a " 0:10 a 8:40 a{
9:30 a I^naclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 V
6:10 p 5:00 p . 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 3:40 a
. 8:00 a Novato. . 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and. ¦ 7:35 p
( 5:00 p Santa Rosa. ¦ . -
' 7:30 a » ' * 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p
- - Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. . ;
7:30 a I 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 aJ10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p( and Uklaft. |7:35p|C:20p
' ~ T~ ~~\ WllMts and . I ' i i
7:30 a| 8:00 a) Sherwood. -| 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ~~ 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
1 7:30al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 0:10 at 8:40 a
I 5:10 pf 5:00 pj Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 a| , x 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi EepartopoL I 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green , Brae for San
1 Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White * Sulphur
Springs and Mark West .Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville tor Bkaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boono-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for DuncaT
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. BarUett
Springs and Lake County Hot - Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga « Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's,
Riverside, Lierly's. . Bucknell's,; Sanhedrta
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
Houte. Comptche, Hopkins. Mendocino City
Fort Bragg. Westport and.Usal; at Wtlllts for
Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood for Fort
Bragg. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville, Cnmmings.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard, Frultland,
Dyer Garberville. Camp S. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced ratesL
i On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, .650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
¦ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. San Fr»ac:»co 5HW— At. S*a 7nmedu«
iTk. Dtji Sasdijt Snadajt Vk. P»yi~
8:25a fSS^HSH 1:3Op ?10:50*
9:50a 9:50a \SP"2S5S|» 2:55p 3:55f
*l*;'4*5*p* *l;45p 6:38p "'"o-'i'-Jp
Sxturdiys 4:35p 8atnrd»j» ll:12p
- *Tia GntTity Car y KtTaaalpai* to KlllTallsy
IIOKT j 650 Markkt Sr^(North Shore Railroad)
0T7ICB | and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market Sc
¦ OCEAX TRAVEL.
AMEKICAN LINE. ' ~ y
. Plymouth — Chertsonrg- — Southampton.
From New York, Saturday. 9:30 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Nov. 6|NewTork.....Nov. 19
•Flnl«.Nov.l2.10:30 amlSt. Paul. . . . . ..Nov. 26
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
ATLANTIC TBAHSPORT X^XSTE.
: ITew Tork — London < Direct.
Minnehaha.Nv.5, 3:30 plMenomtnee.Nov.19,10 &
i Minneapolis. Nv.12. 9 alMlnetka.Nov.26, 7:30 a
¦ . SOlOHIOff LUIS.
; Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada. . ..".:. ".Nov. 12[Southwark . . . .Nov. 19
KE3> STAB LINE.
- ' Karw Tork —^Antwerp — London — Parii.
Calling - at Dover for I -ondon . and Parts. .
From New York, Saturdays, at 10:30 a.' ra.-
Zeeland .'. . . .'. .Nov. . S| Vaderland . . . . .Nov. 19
Finland .... '. . . Nov. . 12> K roo nlantl .... Nov. 26
WHITE STAS LINE. ">¦"
- New Tork — Queemtown — Liverpool.
: - ,. ; Sailing .Wednesday*. - .
Majestic. Nov.' 0. 10 amlBaltic. . Nov.- 30. 11 am
Oceanic. Nov. lfi." noon Cedrlc. .Dec." 7. 5:30 a
Majestic. Nov. 23.' 10. a 1 Oceanic Dec. -14. 10<a
Boston. — - Queen stown — Liverpool. . ¦
Cymric" :.. .....November 17,
NSW YOBZ AND BOSTON DIBECT
To the Mediterranean,
, Via Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
FROM NEW YORK. *
CRETIC...,*.Nov. 3,, Dec '12. Feb. 4. March* IS
REPUBLIC. . . Dec. 1.' Jan. 14. Feb.- 25
, FROM : BOSTON.
CANOPIC .Nov.- 10,* Jan. • 7, Feb 18
ROMANIC.'..:.... Dec. 10, v Jan.". 2S -Mar '11
C. D. TAYLOR.* Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 -Post St.. San Francisco. -
TO U. S. -NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO
STEAMEB li~j: CORCORAN
Leaves r 8. . T^' Clay st. N end of I Ferry bid*.
daily »:S0 a. m.. S and »8 p. m. Sundays.
• :»0 a.' m., 8 p. ? m.." leave Vallejo dally ft:M
a. m., 12:20 and 5:30 p. m. Sundays ft p. m.
Fare '25c P. A. Q. Co. Phon» Mala «*L
•Saturday* " ezcepted. _ ."%tf£&JUtB£i&§BBfBBBi
- Tor U. 8. Navy Tard ana Vallejo.
. Strs. i General ¦ Frisbie. MonticeUo and .Arrow
8:4B a-m., 12:80 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. « p.m., 8:30 pj
m. Leava 8a n • Francisco Sundays . D : 45 a. m.,
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:3u pm. Leave Vallejo, .
a-m., » a.m.,1 12 :30 p.m.. S :15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sus> :
day*,' 7 ¦ a.m-. 8 a.m.; 3 : 20 pm.. - 8 p-m. v pt«r . a.
tu ldluien at ; phon« Halo 1903. HATCH BRO;?
><^ • 1 f*ifc>V TTaln " 1«»^» »««* '•»• **••
;^^^<CTr>^Nv to arrivs at
ff^^^jz\ SAN FRANCISCO.
Vv\' Fboji Octqbx* 23. 1304.
Vji^i^^jX/ % rxaxr DtroT
X s s C_IJ>^ (joot of Market Street.)
Vat, - MAIN LINE. . — A»aiTs
700a VaeaTllla, Winter*. l:uratey.. 7.S0P
7 JM>a Benlcta. Elrntra and Sacramento.. 720i»
740a Vallejo, Napa. Callttoe^t, Saota .
Rom. Martinez. San Ramon 6 2Q<»
7.30a 5!le*. Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton.... 7JQP
8 00A Sh tut* Expres* — (Via I)*t1»).
William*, Willow*. tJfroto. Ked ' •
Clnrr. Portload. Tacoma, Seattla 7.50»
800a Davla. Woodland, Kntgbu Landtag, '
Mary*TUle. Oro*tHe 7J0p
¦V30 A Martinez. Antloch. Byron. Tra«y. , .
- ' • ¦ Stockton. Xawmao, lo* Bano*.
Mendota. Armoaa, Hinford,
YUalU PorterTllle 4.20*
8 30a Port Coita. Modeito, Merced.
--. - Fresrao. Oosben J a action, Han- -
-,- ford. Vlaalla, Baker*8eld 4.50*
8 30 A Kile*. 3an Jo*e. Llrermore. Stock."
ton. (tMllton). lone, Sacramento,
Mary*Ttlle. Cbtco. Red Bluff .... 4.20»
8 30a Oakdale. Chtneae. Jamestowa. So
nora. Tuolnmue aad AneeU ..... 4-201"
900a Atlantic Exprett-OcdeB and Rat:. 5 20*>
930a Klchmond. llartlaez ana W»y ¦ __
' Button* 6.50(»
10410a The Overland Limited — Ogden. .
Omaha. Chicago, OeuTer. Kansu _ __ ,
City. St. Loulu 8-20P
1000a Vallejo 1220*
10410a Lo* Anitelen Pasnenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. HyroS. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. - Merced,
Iiaymond. Preano. Goshen Junc-
tion, llanford. Lemoore. VUalla. - *
B«kerifl«l<l. Jjtn Anirnle* 7.2S»
12.00m nay ward. Nile* and Way Station*. -3.20*
11.00P Sacramento Rlrer Steamer*.. tll.OJ*
3-3CP Bealcla, Winter*. Sacramento. "
Woodland, Knigrbt* Ltnclin*.
Marysvllle. Oroville and way
nations. „ 10-50*
* SGp nayward.N'lle* and Way Station*.. 7-50?
. 3 30P Port Cost a, Martluez, By rnn.Trary,
Lftthrop, Stockton, Mode* to,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa, 12-20P
4 OCp Marttnez,San Uamon, Vallejo, JJapa,
t'allntosa. P.mUUosn 9Z0a
4 OOpNIIcs. Traey. Stockton 10.20a
' 430P Uayward. Ifllea. lrvlnston. San) tS.SOA
Jo*». Ltrermore.. : » Jl 1.50a
- 6 CCpTbe Owl Llmitqd— Newm«n. Lo*
llanos. Meudoia. Fresno. Tulars.
BakenQeld.Lo*Ajizsle« 8-50%
15 30p Hay ward. Kile* and San Jose ..:.. 7.20a
6CCp Uay ward. Nile* and San Joae 9.&0A
6.00P Eastern £zpret*—Omana. Cbtcagro, '
Denver. Kan«as City. &t. Lou!*.
_-""- Martinez. Stockton. Sacramantut.
¦ * Col fax, Reno, Sparks, ilontel'.o,
.„ Ovden .-..ii. 12.50s*
8. OOP Vallejo, dally, except dunday.... ( y Kn _
7-OOPVallejo; Sunday only f 7 *°. p
7 OOPKii.-hrnond. San Pablo. Port Cctta,
Martinez asd Way Station* 11.20a
7-OOPEeno Pasnenger— Port Costa. Be-
if!cla. Snlsan. EZmlrs. ; Dlxon.
Darts, Sacramento, Sparks. Tono-
paa. Kc fcr »nd War Stations... 7-EOa
8 05p Oregon * California Kxpret*— Sao
rameato, Marysvtlle. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound unit Kant. 8-50*
8.1 Op Bay ward, Kile* and San Jose (Sao* - -
dayonly) :.-... .. 11-50a
COAST LINE (Marrow Ha»*e).
(Foot ot Market Street.) __
8-15A Newark... Centerville. Saa Jose,
Feltoa. Boalder Creek. Santa '
Cruz and Way Stations 5-55*
t2-15f» 5ewark, Centervllle. San Joae.
Ketr Almsden. Los Uatos,Feltoa, *
Boulder Creek. Santa Crns and
Principal Way Station tIO-SSa
4.15p Newark, Ssn Jose, Lot Gstos...] i1 t^f|*
o9-3Cp Ilnnters" Train (Saturday only)—
. San Joae aad Way Stations ;7.25o
CO/VST LI N E <Brwd Uau.e).
, pr* ( l'hlrd an4 To'rnxnd Streets.) ¦
I 6.10a San Jose and Waj Station*. 6.30»
700a San Jose an4 War Station* ... 6.40p>
8. 00a New Almaden (Taps., Frid.. only). 4.109
8-OCAThc Coaster— San Jose.' Salinas.
San Ardo, Paso Roblea. SanU
Margarita. Saa Lnls Oblspo,
Gnadalnpe, Gartota, Santa Bar-
bara. San Bnenarentnrm, Mon-
talro. Oxnard, B u r b a n t, Lo*
Angeles 10-30*
8.00a Gllroy, Holllster, Castrorille. Del
Monte, Paclfle Grove, Surf, Lom-
poc.: 10-30P
9.00a 8an Joie. Tres Plaos. Watsoovlll*. - .
Capitol*. Santo Crar, Paclfle
Grore. Salinas. San Lul* Oblspo - - .
" and Principal Way Sutlos*. ... 4.10«
10-30A San Joie anil W»r Stations 120»
11 30a San Jose aad Way Stattoa* 7.30p»
2-1Bp Ssn Jose and Way Statioas ... .... 8-3 3a
3. COP Del Monte Kxpreis— Santa Clara,
; Eaa Jose, Watsonrllle. Santa
' Cruz. Del Monte. Monterej,
. Pacific Grove... "............: 12.15*
13-OOp Lo* Gatos, Wrigbt, Boalder Creek. .
Santa Cruz, via Santa, Clara aad
•Narrow Gauge ...;; f10-4SA -
3-30P Valencia St., Sontb Saa Francisco,
Burllngame, San Joae, Gllroy,
. Hoi lister, Tres Plnos.. 104Sa
¦ 4-30* Pan Jose and Way Station*.......: t&VOOA
tS-OflPSanU Clara. San Joae. Los Gates, ¦ -.
- ; and prlnolpal Way dtatlou (ex-
cept Snnday) ....„..; „.... t9 00*
(5.30p SanJoseandPrbielpalWayStatlona 19.40a
6 45 P b onset Express. — Bedwvod. Saa
Jose, G Hroy.Sallnas.Paao Kobl es, -
Eaa Lnl* Oblspo, Banta Barbara.
Lo* Anf eles, betnla?. El Paio,
St.Louts.NewOrleaat.KewTorlC 9.13*
5.45P Pajaro, Wataonvllle, Capitol*,
Santa Crnz. Castrorllis, Del
- Monte, Paclfle Grore............ IO.JCp
18.1Sp EanMateo.Beresford.Belmont.Saa -
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
- MealoPsrk. Palo Alto...: tS.48A
6 30p Ssn Jo*e and Way Stations.. ....... S.3SA
8C0P P»IO Alto nnd Way Station* 10.15a
11 .30P South SanFranclsco, MUlbrae. Bor-
Uncame. S»n Mateo, Belmont, ,
Sau Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka, '
Memo Park, and Palo Alto...}.. *9 45(»
«1130PMayi>eld. Mountain View. Sanny-
rale, Lawrence, Santa Clara, and '
" Ban Jose .- .'„ !3.45p
A tor Morninir. P for Afternoon,
1 Bandar tzcepted. tSnndayonly.
. «• Satnrday only. 6 Moaday only.
i tStop* at all stations on Sunday^ -
IjBRHSni To SAN RAFAEL
y,^ili?|| ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY
|^g^^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Dispart from San Francisco, dally, at f7:05,
T-43, 8:35, 8:10. »:5aUl:0o a. m.; 1:45, 3:14.
lot, 5:lSi 6:50. 8:30. T:13. »:00 and 'ii;33
at San Francl*co. dally, at t«:«O.
'T -33 8:13. 8:50. 9:35. 10:6O a. m.; 1:30. 2:53.
4J25; 6:05. 5:«. 6:22. «:57. 7U0 aad U.Vt
IDally except Sandaj.
For Fairfax, dally, at T:43 a. m.; also s*>
urdays at 3:13 P- m.. «nd dally except Satur-
day and Sunday *at 5:13 p-.m. ,
THROUGH TKA1N3.
T-45 a. «n- d»fty— Casadero and way *taUon*.
8:13 p. m.. Saturday* only— For Cazadero,
etc ¦* i «8wSfl''^''^S^''^P^*(»WiB*«l*»WsW*lB*™
6:15 p. ia., dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, to* Tomales, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— C30 Market st . t
FERRY— Unloo Depot, foot ot Market at. r
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
G29 KKAB3TY ST. ; KitabIlahed
in S"»5 J tor tae treatment «>f l'rlv»U»
r»i»»-a>es, |.<Mt Mannond. Debility or
diwa»+» weartnjron body an«l ntlnd ami
Skm Disuses. The Doctor cures wlien
others taiK Try hlro. «2>»/K«» >»».¦,
Care* «si«ir»»i*«^l. OUIorw^jvJ
Ur. J. V. UIBHOA. Sail Fratv^lsco, f*X
daily excursions in Pullman tourist 1 §&J©i
ffff sleeping cars without change from Los^^,
SB Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, Sanll
MM Francisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, f^m
If Stockton, Sacramento and other California ||
Bi points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific i§
IB and Chicago & North - Western Railways ¦¦
U thrott^ fo CHICAGO II
W|,and the East. Fast trains. Excellently
Dining car service a la car t e -J5Jr
Choiceof routes. Low round-trip rates Sg
berth to Chicago only $7.00.
' Aik Sucim Ficiis ticket tznta fcr fall inibraituo. >jik<Wj!KWp^^t
jSSt&g&gs^fgZSt R. R. RITCHIE, General Agent Pacific Coast, a^wWrW
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Biliousness
"I have nted your valuable Cascarets and find
them perfect. Conldn't do without them. I hare
u«ed them for aome time for Indigestion and bil-
lonanesa and am now completely cured. Recom-
mend, them to everyone. Once tried, you will
never be without them in the family."
Edward A. Man, Albany, N. T.
M The Dowels j*
CANDY CATHARTIC'
' Pleaiant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good,
Never Sicken, Weaken or Gripe. 10c. 2Se, 50c. Never
¦old in bulk. The genuine tablet mumped CCC.
Guaranteed to cure or your money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 6oa
ANNUAL SALE, TEH MILLION BOXES
_-¦•¦• .-¦¦-.-¦¦ -¦ - ¦ ¦ - ¦¦¦¦¦¦ 0 -
Gonorrhoea' and Urinary Discharges.
Jj^JwiffWMi In™
A CURE IX 48. HOURS. r
OCEAN TRAVEL.
yg!r #?>v 8teamers leave Broadway
V^VJi- '^9^. wharves (piers ' 0 and 11),
Juff^'i- £ an Francisco: ¦•¦
/l^Ny*tt V*\ For Hetchlkan. Wrancel.
II \vw!\ 1 I Juneau, Treadwella, Ilaines,
\ 1 1 Tl~> isTl f I Ekagway. etc., Alaska — 11
W0 V^^Wt/- •• m -' October 12, 17, 22, 27,
¦ V&0» lS**f* **ot. 1. Change to this com-
\j3i3Sivt/^ pany's steamers at Seattla.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port :u Townsend. - Seattle, Tacoma. Everett.
South BelllnKham. Belllngham— 11 a. m.. Oct.
12, s 17 22. , 27. . Nov. * 1." Change at Seattle • to
this company"* steamers for Alaska ud O.K.
Ry. ; ¦ %t Seattle or . Tacoma to N. P. . Ry. ; at
A'ancouver ; to C. P. Ry. , ;
For Eureka (Humboldt Bar)— Pomona, 1:30
n. m.. October 13, IP. 25, 31, Nov.-fl.^ Corona,
1:30 p. m.; October 4, 10, 18. 22, 28. Nov. a. ,
For Los Angele* (via Port' Los Angeles and
Redondo) > San . Diego, and : Santa Barbara —
Santa Rota. Sundays," 0 a.' m. • ? >- - _•
-State of California, : Thursdays." 9 a. ra.^ •
: • For Los .: Anireles (via San Pedro and Ea*t
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Banta Crux. Mon-
terey, San Sim«on, Cayucos. Port Harfonl (Saa
Luis ObSspo), Ventura and. Hueneme. •
Bonita, 9 a.' m..; October 14, 22.' 30, Nov. \7.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. October- 10. 13. 2fl. Nov. S.
¦ • ; For Ensenada,: Masdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La ,?ai, Santa Ro-
talla, Guaymas (Mfi.), 10 a.m.*;; 7th each ma.*
. For J further^ Information '• obtain folder. Right
Is reserved ' to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET i orPXOES^—4 .' Kew ; Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way -wharves. Preljrht OiBee 10 Market st
:¦ C ' D. DTTN ANN, «• General > Passenger Agent.
10 Market *t.", ! San . Francisco. •?- : -. •:-.- . . ¦ - -
The Paclflo, Transfer; Co.; 20 gutter ct.. will
call -for and check ; baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone - Exchange 312. ¦ . .,
e.'sT ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Oct. 29, 11 a.m.
S." S- •- SIKRRA, ¦ for Honolulu, ¦ Samoa, Auck-
¦ land and Sydney, Thursday,- Nov. 10, 2 p. m.
S. 6. MAR1POSA. , f or.TahlU. . Nov. 23. , 11 a. m.
J.D. SPBECELS i BS03; Ca^AntS^MJt OfflCS 643 Ur- '
tit? Fnlsftt pica 323 Market SLriPtar,?.! Pacifis jl-
C0M?AQSIE eENERiLS TBANSATLAHTIQUi
j DIKBCT | LINBJ " TO ! HAVRE-PARIS W^m^I.
Bailing every Thursday Instead ot
Saturday, at 10 a. m.,' from Pjer 4V;-""*?
f North i RlverA foot ! of ; Morton it. - . . ; ¦
'", Vint class i to i Havre. S70 ; and 1 upward. 8e*>
: and • clan : to i Havre. |45 » and ¦ upward. OKf • '.
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA; 33 ¦ Broadway * (Hudson '<-; building).
K«w Tork. J.I F.1 FUG AZI * CO.r Pactflo Coan ;
AarenU. : 6 1 Montgomery i tttnu*. San Franctaca, -
Hektta sold by alljIullroa4>tu*rtrAiri«5^iTHE '-WITHERED PEACH j
BRIDE^AND;JpKER. 1
Tom Watson's letter; of acceptance
is »o chiefly occupied with denuncia
tion* of Parker that it seems advisable
The: fellow 4 .who complains that he
has never had. a show sometimes
makes • a ahow of i himself. '
; Special information supplied daily to
business houses ' and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cai
ifornia. street. Telephone Main 10 *i
Jigg&T-What : "did) old ; Gotrox's , fam
ily put on his tombstone ? -* I , : .^ . - - k .-;.'
p Jaggs-^.'.'Georg'e \ > Gotroxl • -\ .1 Age ; 78.
Ihe 1 Good * Dye j. Young.", ¦; V *.r V, ¦.';' -•'¦¦' '
A HOT SENDOFF.
WHERE WERE THE WORKS ?
£- She— -Did "¦ you .ever recover the
watch yoUjhad stolen?;.
, He-— -No; but the'ease is in the hands
off the'; police: , ; , : '
Townsend's California. Glaca fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. .715 Market st.
On , November 1. 1904, will be advanced
10c per lb. Holiday orders received .p to
that date at" present price.' "
The woes of the ; Democratic organi
zation are but beginning, and there are
breakers ; ahead. Mr. Bryan has given
public notice : that after ; the : election" he
will attempt to reorganize .; the * party.
In other. words, the great^wing'bf Dem
ocracy ; which' hasT been i following-aim
in the past has sidetracked ' its ' princi
ples for the I time^ being . only.—Philadel
phia*, Inquirer.
- X"Mr. WInkum,-is" ; it?" , said Miss
Muchmonheigh, V reading A the card:
"Well.ryou :mayj show.', him . up, Elise."
: L"Faix, "/answered Elise. . in : her rich
Parisian sense • ye I tell • me
ter show^him ' up,',,thot ''¦. I twill! -Th',
young diyil ¦ thriedHerlkiss >me. In {thV
hall v day^befoorjyjstefday,^an^ this
"mar-arrniri% I'm'; bllst if he didn* t tajake
wan ; before : I ;- knew >¦ what .."* he ' '.; was
About!" -V : . V'.:-". r ' r "¦ ~ r 'X'; ' ¦¦¦ V .." I"'"/: ' -:-"':
SHE :" SHOWED HIM UP.
It Ls queer wlth^ what blandness; on
two consecutive days Bryan "can give
Nebraska Populists the glad hand and
Missouri Populists the ;marble heat.—
St, Louis Globe-Democrat. .' \.
For elopements the automobile is a
greater convenience than the railroad.
It may even be a* greater convenience
than the street -car for dlvorces.-r-St.
for; him to issue, a postscript thusly:
"P. S.— I forgot to say that I accept.'/
•7— Pittsburg Press.
A little book called "High Living.''
with the .subtitle, "'Recipes From
Southern Climes," will be published in
a few days by Elder & Co. The com
plien .'Mrs. '-. McLaren, has a reputation
among \ her friends for understanding
the preparation of toothscme delicacies
and "her "recipes possess the authority
which . comes of •, practical knowledge.
The book is published . for the benefit of
the Telegraph Hill Neighborhood ' Asso^
elation, the ainis and objects . of .which
are set * forth: in the preface by Edward
H. Hamilton. ' . /
"HIGH LIVING."
GRIZZLY PEAK — A. S. P.. Oak
land, Cal. In California there are two
elevations known aa Grizzly Peak, one
In Shasta County 6804 feet high and
the ¦ other In the Yoseml te 7187/ The
record of the Geodetic Survey- also
names three other Grizzlies, one on the
range of Berkeley, 1759 feet,*" and two
others, localities not mentioned, 10,369
feet and 11,723 feet. It la generally the
rule to call. any large elevation of rock
and earth more than 1500 feet In height
a mountain.
''Time may be money, yet the aver
age person will give you all his' time
rather" than' lend you a small portion
of his money . ; — Philadelphia Inquirer.
Some women think more of. their
dogs than they, do of their husbands.
Yet the dog and woman are not alto
gether to blame.
POPULATION— M. R., City. The
population of California according' to
the census of 1900 was 1,485,053. There
have not been any official figures since
then, but from data received by the
California Promotion Association an
estimate has been made that the popu
lation of this State at this time la
1,800,000.
One must respect a porous plaster
for. the power It evinces in sticking. to
one thing.
Ribbon girdles are ..composed of
one to six rows of ribbon.
STATES— C. C, Rutherford, Cat The
most populous State in the Union is
New York and the capital Is Albany.
The least populous is Nevada, the cap
ital of which is Carson City.
A man of wisdom never tells a
v/oman'that she reminds him of an old
friend.' -
Material mixtures continue ., to \ sur
prise conservative souls. Cloth v on
silk was a sensation, but cloth on
chiffon is yet a greater one.
- Middle-aged passion is like weak
tea in the morning, when we. need
black coffee.
At 27 a woman loses her taste for
green apples and very young men.
Life may be a struggle, yet if we
cease striving we die or. rot — a living
death.
According: to the Shoe Register one
and '; a ¦ quarter and one and three
eighths inch heels will be the big sell
ers, while many good judges claim' that
lower, heels" will, probably sell better
than they have for some seasons. . Pat
ent colt," patent kid and patent calf will
be the favored shiny leathers—ranking
in the order, given.
- Flat bottoms and wide outside exten
sions will be the vogue in many of "the
newest . styles in . oxfords and boots.
Whit* kid will be much used for wom
en's oxfords, because It doesn't soil, is
easy . in making ? and . makes up neater
than canvas or suede.
We cannot, it seems, get along with
out the separate bodice, the elaborately
trimmed one, at one; extreme and the
simple shirt waist at the other. It has
proved a friend in need so many, times
that it will not be allowed to fall into
disuse now, and * a tendency to . return
to these pretty garments is visible
everywhere. ;¦ . .
SEPARATE BODICE.
If life were less complex we would
be infinitely happier.
VOGUE IN FOOTGEAR.
Woman's Intuition is more than a
match for man's wisdom.
POINTED SAYINGS.
. A certain learned man .gave simple
irules for the choosing of a wife, *and
bade young lovers beware of a' girl
whose lips drooped at the corners, as
such would probabiy.make a home any
thing^but a happy place. '.
: Atthe same time he advised the in
tending husband to remember that up
ward curving lips Indicated frivolity,
so that here, too,' he would ' need to be
careful, while lips" which are | very j thin
and quite straight usually belong to a
woman who is a shrew." " :
A selfish", morbid and 4 dominating
woman frequently has a long, thin
mouth, . /with clear-cut, ' firm lips, while
the cruel woman as often as not boasts
lips which are unusually red.
A large and '• well mouth indi
catesi sagacity,"^ while a ;chin which -is
firm "arid rounded generally^ associates
itself with I determination "and strength.
—Chicago Journal.* . , ' -
WOMAN'S RUBY LIPS.
WITH the issue of the Sunday Call of October 30 will be for
mally instituted an interesting feature— a short story con
test in which a cash prize of $50 .will be awarded each week
to the best Western story submitted by a Western writer. This
contest is instituted for the purpose of encouraging Western writers
by offering for their work a consideration equal to that paid by the
best magazines for stories of similar length, and for the purpose of
bringing young and unknown writers who are doing. strong work
before the notice of the ; reading public. Names will count for
nothing; the inexperienced writer will receive the same considera
tion as the experienced pen. What is wanted are stories that reflect
the peculiar life of California and the West; stories which will be
lecognized abroad as having the distinctive air of the West.
In line with its . established policy of giving the best and
brightest ideas to its readers that money can procure, the Sunday
Call, realizing the value attached to a comic supplement by the chil
dren, will to-morrow begin the publication of a handsome, high
class four-page comic section in colors, in addition to the regular
magazine section.
"The Grafters," Francis Lynde's novel of politics and love, runs
through its fourth and last installment to-morrow. On November
6 will be published complete in one installment, Stephen Conrad's
delightful little sketch of rural life, "The Secoqd Mrs. Jim;"- in
which the second Mrs. Jim demonstrates to the satisfaction of every
one that the trying position of stepmother may possess possibilities
for love and contentment on all sides not popularly ascribed to that
greatly maligned relationship.
Edward W. Townsend corttinues the adventures of his country
hero, who tries his hand at amateur" theatricals with his usual faculty
for getting into things feet first. Charles Dryden continues his hu
morous serial, "On and Off the Bread Wagon," "showing up his
hero in some of the impish tricks of imaginative\boyhood ; Kate Thy r
son Man* contributes one of her straightforward talks in "The
Fiendish Woman," and there is a page of storiettes by Izola For T
rester, John Murray and Keith Gordon, in Addition to the usual
pages for women by Madge Moore and Augusta Prescott, and the
puzzle page for the children.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
The French and Scotch flannels,
lightweight woolens, heavy mercerized
cottons and linens are used extensively
in fashioning the modish waists for
general use. The flannel waists are
trimmed with fancy yokes and cuffs of
taffeta, with bands of Russian 'cross
stitch or Persian embroidery and with
the fancy silk braids. Buttons play no
small part in trimming these garments.
The mercerized cottons may be had in
colors as "well as In the white. When
the material is figured or striped no
additional trimming is desirable. The
coarsely woven white cottons— oxfords,
some call them— may be crossstltched
most effectively. The embroidered
linen waist retains its popularity, for
fine work cannot be imitated with any
degree of success. -
Peau de cygne, ' messaline and soft
taffeta are the silks most frequently
employed in fashioning the separate silk
bodice. These waists "are usually very
elaborate, both in style and in mode
of trinyning.. Hand work— both em
broidery and lace— are used extensively
and effectively. Lace forms ve'uy hand
some decoration for. these dainty waists
and J lace collars, lace boleros • and lace
flouncings are much in demand. 1 , Chen
ille ornaments and the finer grades of
silk passementeries are also used. The
all lace waists are very pleasing, > the
best models being shown in deep cream
color. 2 /vV'' ¦ . . . • o ¦•¦¦'¦
At one of the recent .weddings the
bride carried a prayer book, marked to
open, at the marriage service and from
which she, was to read ¦.the responses
and follow the service. .The practical
joker was present, of course; for there
was never a wedding at which the
practical joker was not. Just before
the ceremony he slipped the bride's
prayer book into his ; pocket and left
another in its place which he had bor
rowed . fur the occasion. When, the
bride opened it at the' altar she was a
bit surprised and for a moment was
lost in wonder as to what had hap
pened. Then she "caught on," bit her
lips to keep back a smile and bent her
head over the book 'with no evidence
of anything wrong, v
[The practical joker had substituted a
prayer book printed in uerman and the
bride could' read only English. Never
theless, she had, studied the ceremony
carefully and made>the; responses '.at
the proper time/and in the words set
down in the ritual. - ,
To prepare for a rainy day — that
question, although nothing out of the
ordinary— is one which many women
ponder over and actually worry, about
more than, what to wear to the opera,
ball or theater. It is, to be sure, a vital
part of women's wardrobe, many ills
being, caused indirectly by carelessness
of dress on the wet and damp days.
The advent of the cravenette is a bless
ing, and although they are not as warm
as th£y should be there are many ways
of overcoming this. Vests of all de
scriptions are on sale, and they are all
becoming to a certain extent.
One great fault of these rain coats Is
that a great majority are altogether too
long, and they become wet and remain
damp while one is wearing them. The
proper length Is just at the ¦ hem of a
short skirt. One may do very well with
out one*of these coats. There are many
new ideas for rainy weather, and one
is the cravenette suit, which is more
becoming to a majority of women than
the loose affair. They are made with
the tight jacket and short skirt and the
rain has no effect" whatsoever upon
them. The style for sandals, which are
used In place of the high rubber, has
become so popular that -it is a wonder
more women are not ill. They are ab
solutely worthless on a stormy : day and
no protection. Only the storm rubbers
should be worn, and if sandals, are
worn at all it . should , only be in the
summertime. ; V;'^
| ANSWERS Td QUERIES!
Grape Water Ice— Make syruo with
two cups of sugar and four cuds of
water by boiling. ten minutes. When it
is cold add two cups of grape juice and
freeze. . ,
Gingerbread Pudding— Mix one cup
of molasses, one cup of milk, two table
spoons of melted butter, one level tea
spoon each of soda and cinnamon and
one tablespoon of .vinegar. Have four
cups of flour measured; add three cups
to the first ingredients and add the last
one cautiously, because the molasses
may be so thjck as not to take up the
whole four cups. Bake in a sheet.
Chicken Pie— Disjoint two chickens as
for fricasse and cook In boiling water
until tender, then take out the bones.
Have a good plain paste made and roll
a little thicker than for a fruit pie. Line
a deep dish and f\ll with the. chicken.
Put the liquor into a kettle and thicken
with a rounding tablespoon of flour,
cook five minutes, add a .large table
spoon of butter," pour over tha. chicken
and cover with a richer crust than that
used for lining the dish. .Before the
upper crust is laid on cut a round piece
out. large enough not to close in cook-
Ing.
Walnut Cake — Cream half cup but
ter; add one cup'of sugar and bdat^add
the well beaten yolks of. four eggs al
ternately with one and two-thirds cups
of flour sifted with two level teaspoons
of baking powder. Flavor with a tea
spoon of vanilla and bake In a square
pan. Cover with a boiled frosting and
mark into squares. Put half an Eng
lish walnut meat in each square.
Salmon Salad— Take the skin and
bones from cold boiled salmon; put four
cloves, a few whole allspice and some
bits of stick cinnamon into a cup of
vinegar and heat to the boiling point.
Strain while hot over the fish and let
stand until cold. Arrange the salmon
oj a bed of lettuce leaves, using only
the inner leaves.
"Perhaps" — Just then an auto car
Came tearing round the bend
And brought my mellow reverie
Abruptly to an end.
A window opened; some one yelled.
"Hi. Chimmy. soak 'em good"
The urchin poised the peach In air—
And then I understood. — Puck.
"Perhaps a father's drunken curse
Has cast him on the street.
Without a roof to call his home,
' Without a crust to eat.
"Perhaps a mother's lying ill
In need of nourishment
And he will take the peach to her
In yonder tenement.
"Perhaps a little sister kind
Is fading, paling fast.
And he will save the peach for her,
His one poor gift — his last.
"Oh. see." I said, "that humble prize
How eagerly he thumbs;
Perhaps 'twill give him strength again
To battle with the slums.
It was a tattered city child
-With haggard, face and brave
Who found a little withered peach
A-lylng on the pave.
I saw him clasp it swift and clos«*
Beyond my greedy reach.
As though earth's richest treasure lay
Within that withered peach.
MODISH WAISTS:
RAINY DAY ATTIRE. > |
SOME GOOD RECIPES. |
COPYRIGHT. 1901. BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT OF THE 8AN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL. {
There is a lack of co-operation in facilitating commerce be
tween the Federal service here and ship owners. Notably is this
the case in the dispatch of mails. Ships are detained beyond sailing
hours by this failure to consult the need of promptness in getting
out of port. In New York a mail clerk is detailed for service on
the dock to receive mail, in order that the sacks may be closed in
time. This enables banks and commission men and exporters to
get their letters and drafts that follow bills of lading on the same
ship that carries the merchandise without delaying it beyond the
sailing hour. "*"
There are many other respects in which the touch of the Fed
eral authority with shipping interests • may be improved, but the
State should not wait for the correction of these mere matters of
administration. It should invite American ships to make this their
home port by relieving them of the heavy State and local taxes by
which they are now punished for flying the American flag. If this
is not done the ships that now make this their home port will be
fewer in number, for they cannot pay their taxes and compete with
foreign ships that have no tax at all. »
We ask the attention of the merchants of this city and the
business men of this State to this condition. The prosperous and
successful maritime States do not impose these burdens. Can our
sea-going trade be expected to prosper if it be compelled to bear
them?
THE eyes of the commercial world are turned upon the Pacific
and trade is estimating its future possibilities. No seaport
on either, shore of that ocean has greater interest in the ex-'
pected expansion of its commerce than San Francisco. ¦ We listen to
enthusiastic speeches on this subject made in our commercial bodies,
and by public men and on public occasions, but enthusiastic expec
tation will not retain for San Francisco the lead 'that she has, nor
maintain it against rivals in the future. ••;-;.; , . -I'-Yi
This city needs not only ships for deep water trade, but she
needs freer opportunity as a ship owning port, to the end that she
may get full credit for her position as "a maritime city. The laws
of the State are unfriendly to this ambition of its chief city. The
exaction of State and municipal taxes from ships owned and reg
istered here is a relic of primitive times that should be abolished.
The equities of taxation require that benefits should go with bur
dens. This is impossible in the case of ships that are in port only
to discharge and take cargo. They arc not like buildings which
get the constant benefit of police and fire protection, for they are
on deep water nine-tenths of the time, where such protection is im
possible.
The subject of tax reform is coming to the front in California,
and through the efforts of the State Grange is being made an issue
with which politicians and the Legislature must reckon. When it is
ready for consideration in the next Legislature it will be in order
to propose the relief of our deep water shipping from the unneces
sary and unrequited exactions imposed by local taxation.
Ships have to pay for wharf and dock privileges. These rents
have built the -seawall and will build the needed extension of it upon
which the people are to vote at the coming election. Of this no
one complains, but when, in addition, ships that make this their
home port are compelled to pay municipal taxes for sewers and other
municipal purposes of which in the nature of things they make no
use, the exaction is in restraint of trade and an unwise burden upon
commerce. If the tables were turned and the buildings and realty
and personalty of the city were taxed to build the seawall, and ships
were given the use of berths and docks and wharves, rent free,
there would go up a protest from the city taxpayers that would
make a roar in the Legislature. Yet such a system of taxation would
be no more unjust than that to which ships are subjected, for muni
cipal needs of which they can make no use.
Other maritime States are far in advance of this in the mat
ter of taxation, for they exempt ships, while we tax them. - The
result is that but few of the ships that carry our trade make this their
home port. Again, the ships that are, owned here and make this
their home port are American ships under our flag. They have to
compete with foreign ships which pay no State nor municipal tax
here at all. The American ships have also to pay port wages to
their crews, while foreign ships do not pay the wages of this port.
They ship cheaper crews elsewhere, from captain to cabin boy. At
their home port they pay none of the local taxes that American ships
pay here. In these facts may be found some of the reasons for the
decline of American shipping. The local taxes imposed 'upon it
are a heavy fine and penalty for flying the American flag. While
the State is blameworthy in this matter of taxation, it is also true
that Federal burdens are imposed upon American shipping in San
Francisco that are not imposed in New York and other ports on
the Atlantic seaboard. >
MAKE THIS A FREER PORT.
The marriage of Miss Emma Moffat
and Dr. Alfred McLaughlin will take
place this evening at the home of the
bride's parents, 1239 Franklin street.
Miss Moffat had originally planned a
large wedding, with attendants, church
ceremony and elaborate details, but
the absence of her sister. Miss Hen
rietta Moffat. who Is in Europe, has
made the bride-elect choose a quiet
ceremony in preference. Rev. Brad
ford Leavitt will officiate in the pres-
The Palace Hotel parlors will radiate
with youth, beauty and exquisite gowna
this afternoon* when Mrs. William Kohl
and Miss Kohl will be hostesses in
honor of Mrs. Frederick Kohl of Wash
ington, D. C. The affair, a tea, will be
one of the most prominent of the sea
son. Mrs. Frederick Kohl was the
beautiful Elizabeth Godey of Washing
ton and this occasion of honor to her
is one of the many opportunities that
will be offered lor a greeting from her
friends.
. Not far from Miss Moore's home is
that of Miss Nathalie Coffin, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs v James Coffin. She, too,
will step forward to-day into society's
kingdom. A large number of friends
will greet her, but Miss Coffin is reti
cent concerning details!
Miss Carol Moore . is . to . bow before
pleasure's shrine ' to-day, announcing
her eligibility to the world of gayety
from this day forward. By this a pretty
maid is added to the already attractive
ranks of society. The Moore home jpn
Broadway will be filled with guests,
and Miss Carol will be assisted in re
ceiving them by Miss Edna" Davis, Miss
Maude Payne, Miss Margaret Hyde-
Smith, Miss Mary Josselyn. Miss Mar-
Jorie Patterson, Miss Lucy Coleman,
Miss Mary * Langhorne and Miss Mar-
Jorie Josselyn.
• •„'••?
Society will demand to-d*ay of its ad
herents much energy and enthusiasm,
which offerings will'no doubt be freely
given in view of the importance and In
terest attaching to the events. Teas
will mark the advent of fresh young
faces into the mad whirl, while happy
brides and grooms will pledge their
vows to hymen. .Of the latter, noontide
will see the wedding of Miss Charlotte
Russell and Clement Tobin, to be quiet
ly celebrated •. at the .residence, of
Mrs. de Sabla Jr., the bride's moth
er.'^Universal regret reigns that the af
fair will not be ostentatious, for the
uncertain health of. Mrs. deJ3abla has
precluded all elaborate planning. The
bride will be attended by Miss Vera de
Sabla, while Richard Tobin 1 will wait
upon the groom. Rev. Father Prender
gast will officiate at the wedding cere
mony.
The postroom at the Presidio was
gay last evening with uniforms and
bright gowns when the officers of the
Tenth Infantry and the Artillery Corps
gave a farewell dance to the officers of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry, who leave
here on November 7 for Fort Snelllng,
Minn.
Mrs. Harr Wagner and daughter.
Miss Morris Wagner, who have been
spending some time at Harmon
Springs, are at home again.
• • •
• • •
James D. Phelan will be royally en
tertained at the B9hemlan Club Jinks
this evening.
• * * \
The Twentieth Century Music Club
will give a fine programme of music
to-day in Century Hall. The hour la
3:15,
Mr. and Mrs. Will Crocker will soon
be reinstated in their California street
home, after several delightful months
at Burllngame, where their country
place is established.
Mrs. W. H. Mills and Miss Elizabeth
Mills have returned from Del Monte.
The Palm Garden was the scene of
an attractive luncheon yesterday when
Mrs. Jack Wilson entertained these
guests: Miss Grace Spreckels, Mrs.
Samuel Buckbee, Mrs. M. H. de Young,
Miss Helen de Young, Miss Constance
de Young, Miss Ethyl Hager. Miss
Helen Wagner, Miss Pearl Landers,
Mrs. Arthur Brander, Mrs. Sands For
man, Mrs. W. D*. K. Gibson, Mrs.
William, Cluff. Mrs. William H. Smith
and Mrs. George R. Downey.
Captain Charles T. Baker, U. 9. A.,
and Mrs. Baker were guests at a din
ner givea In. their honor at the St.
Franciff by Harry Pendleton last even-
Ing. Those who enjoyed the hospitality
were: Mr. and Mrs. Sam Buckbee,
William P. Humphreys, Miss Mabel
"Walking. Miss Georgia Shepard, Miss
Elsie Tallant, James Whitley. Mr. and
Mrs. H- C. Breeden. Major and Mrs.
Lea Feblger, General and Mrs. C. A.
Woodruff, Miss Andrews* Lieutenant
Natt F. Jamleson, Allan Pollak, Dr.
Rupert Blue, Dr. E. D. Shortlidge. Mr.
and Mrs. W. B. Hamilton, E. Courtney
Ford, Mr. and Mrs. Harry S. Bates,
Miss Florence Yates, General and Mrs.
C. A. Coolidge. Miss Paula Wolff, Em
erson Warfleld, Captain and Mrs. C. T.
Baker, Lieutenant Leigh Sypher, Mr.
and Mrs.' Edward Pond, Harold Hav
ens, Miss Bessie Wilson. Miss Frances
Grant, Colonel and Mrs. George An
drews and Mrs. Norwood Williams.
• • *
ence only of relatives and a few friends.
Dr., and Mrs. McLaughlin.will reside la
San Francisco.
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SH6* R
I CAN'T DO THE SUM.
THE SAN FRANGISCOCALL
JOILN" D. SPRECKJ2LS ..'...... .••• Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX McXACGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY. . . -OCTOBER 29, 1904
THE SAN FRANGISGO. CALL, JSATURDAYi-GGTOBER 29. 1904
8Preparations Being. Made . by German
Lutheran '.' Congregation for a
, Pleasing Display.'
A bazaar will be given by the La
dies' Aid Society !of;St.. Matthew's
German Lutheran . Church in Union
Square Hall, 42 1_ Post street, from
Monday, October 3 1, until November
4. The kfill ; is to; be beautifully deco
rated. T™.*re wlli be' booths of many
descriptions. •- One of the;' attractions
will be the art; booth,".which will con
tain, a display of , paintings and hand
some carvings. MSeSssPBSJ
There is to be a tea booth, where
the finest tea will be ¦ served, , and the
flower booth will be^ a special feature.
One bootli « will - be < devoted entirely . to
beautifully '.worked f handkerchiefs and
the country store will' add : .to . the
"novelties.. Each evening there will be
a specially 'selected musical - pro
gramme. * The : proceeds - are intended
for the church. building fund-
ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH
TO. HOLD A BAZAAR
Thistle Club Makes Merry.
The Scottish Thistle Club held an
old country Halloween party at Lyric
Hall last night and songs of bonnie
Scotland were sung. The club piper.
Edward Ross, inspired recollections of
the land of the thistle. Following . is
the programme: Overture, potpourri
of Scottish airs, by the orchestra; bag
pipe, Edward Ross; song, "Queen
of the Earth," Malcom S. Morrison;
solo, "Mary of Argyle," Mrs. J. H. Mc-
Gregor; song, "Banks of the Clyde,"
Fhed . Everett; solo, "A Halloween
Song," Mrs. Daisy Keane Gillogly;
Dutch comedy, Searles and Bruse;
comedy acrobatic, Douglass and Doug
lass. Dancing concluded the entertain
ment
Supreme Court Declares That Two
Sentences Cannot Be Construed
as One Term.
The Supreme Court has brought
sadness to the hearts of the State's
convicts by declaring that two or more
sentences cannot be construed as one
term. This ruling will take away
long-term credits from more than 100
inmates of Sa.n,Quentin and Folsom.
Jamep B. Clifton, one of Warden
Yell's charges, brought the matter to
the attention of the court on a peti
tion for a writ of habeas corpus. He
was sentenced to serve flve j-ears each
on two - convictions of burglary. The
law gives felons fifteen months in
credits on a five-year term and forty
two months in credits on a ten-year
term. If Clifton's two sentences were
held to be one term he would serve a
year less than if he was serving two
five-year terms.
The decision was rendered by Jus
tice Lorigan. Chief Justice Beatty
and Justices McFarland, Shaw, Angel
lotti. Van Dyke and Henshaw directly
concurred- " .. . -
Suit for Permanent Injunction Against
Unions Brought by Proprietor
of the Tortoni. „
Boycott tactics resented by the pro
prietor of the Maison Tortoni are the
cause of a suit for injunction begun
yesterday- by S. Constantini against
Cooks' Union, Local No. 44, and Walt
ers* Union, Local No. 30, and their re
spective officers.
The complainant alleges that on Oc
tober 18 he was waited upon by walk
ing delegates of the unions, who in
formed him that if he did not dis
charge the non-union men in. his em
ploy "he would be sorry "for It." He
refused to be dictated to by the labor
organization, and, says the complaint,
they combined and conspired .to coerce
and injure ' him in his 'business. He
complains that pickets are patrolling
in" front of his place and cry out in a
loud voice: "This Is a scab restau
rant!" The complaint declares that
the union men, say falsely that Con
etantini Is an enemy to labor and they
solicit his customers" to withdraw their
patronage, threatening to boycott
those who refuse their demands. Dam
ages, !t Is said, have already been suf
fered in the sum of $G00; Bush Fin
nell of the Citizens' Alliance is attor
ney for the plaintiff.
A temporary restraining order was
issued by Judge Hebbard and an; or^.
der to show cause why the injunction
should not be made permanent, re
turnable November 4.
HOPES OF MANY FELONS
ARE DASHED TO GROUND
COOKS' AND WAITERS'
BOYCOTT IS RESTRAINED
'.VESSELS : LIBELED.— In i the - United : States
District Court' yesterday, the Coast Manufactur
ers'^ and j Supply | Company filed a libel ) against
the * French , bark i querveur f ori $5000 1 damages
sustained by. 120 balea of jute yarn by; alleged
careless < stowage. ) Charles ' Norman filed - s a
libel ¦= against^ the t American I ship ' Oriental • for
J4O00 ! damages < for;, Injuries i sustained ; on • Sep-'
ttmber '. 7 , by ¦ f ailing : from ; the • foremast " to : the
deck;'.* ¦"."¦.¦... ¦'¦.•. ¦.¦','¦'¦"'-,. '"¦¦ '¦'¦'¦ : ".- r '¦ -:;•-
- ENGINE BUI <7ENSURED— A Coroner's Jury
yesterday, returned* a'^verdlct 'censuring ?. the
e nglneer of the Jupl ter Steel Works rat. Baden
for the • death of i J. ; Z.v Mattll. •'- the, foreman.
Mattli went into the machinery for the purpose
of making repairs , and was fatally injured by
the ' starting i of the engine. He died the same
day In St. Luke's Hospital.
.: Couldn't ..stop "Locomotive Jones"! And
you'll know -.why if you read Hopper's '. rat
tling?" football ". Btory- . In "j November Sunset
Magazine,' the - Thanksgiving: number. * ; Many
other good things, beautifully illustrated. Sold
by/all' newsdealers.' . •
Calif ornlans In New York.
NEW .YORK,; Oct. 2 8.— The fol
lowing Calif brnlans are in. New York:
. San Francisco-^-Mrs. Donovan, at
the Gilsey ¦ Cr J." Haggerty, at the . Im
perial; : H. F. . Kern, at the ; Broadway
Central ; "VW E. Lowe, jj.' A. Lowe, at
the Hotel, York ; • Miss F; McDevitt, Gll
sey H6user.H. A t H." Mclntyre, at the Im
perial ;^G.". A. McKe'nzie, at the Grand
UnionV^W. L. Moffatt, at the Hotel
York ; Miss N. : Sullivan, f at the , Gilsey
House; ;JW. ! F. , • Buswell,*' at : the . Empire ;
Mrs'fG. - H. • Sube, at , the I Marlborough ;
Miss -B/: Sullivan,- at; the >Astor' House;;
R. . Cv Blair,;; at the . Grand lUnioh ; Miss
C/^ClayburgVF.- I.;Morison, atthe Astor.
House jv.C.^Ari Staple,, at - the'. Grand
Union.- V. ,, _ __ V,'. -.' ',"- . .' t/
- ; SarifJose-^-E. >. Carrey t ; aiid^wife, at
the j Cutnberland. . ¦' .-¦.*>-•' '
;.' Los-Angele»rrMrs. ; W. . Clark, at the
Park Avenue; ;J. V P* Cuddeback } and
wife, at the • Bartholdi ; r J.v N. I Hays, i at
the Hotel -Albert;, D. . Parktiurst , and
wife, at theiGrandUnion; ¦'A.'j.W/ SkihV
ner?and* wife, -at" the Murray,/ Hill; tJ.'
N. Nissen, at the s ; Grand "Union; ,W.
Raymond and wife, at the -Victoria. ¦
Fred J. Baker Charges Unhappy Wife
With Cruelty — Separations Grant* -
cd by Court,
Lucy Camille Baker, who tried on
Thursday to end her life with an over
dose of morphine, was yesterday sued
for divorce by her husband, Frederick
J. Baker, who charges her with cru
elty. They were married In Oakland
in October, 1902. A year later, he
sj,ys?, she misbehaved and came home
drunk on»> night and struck him in
tr>e face. Since then she has, he says,
been in the habit of staying out at
night and associating with persons, of
bad repute.
A suit. for divorce was brought by
Samuel L. Westcott against Ella' J.
Westcott, whom he married in Nova
Scotia in. 1876, and who deserted him
seven years ago. Their eldest chlid
is 27 years old. •
Divorces" were granted by Judge
Hebbard to Josephine Furst from
Adolphus W. Furst for inflde.lity by
Judge Sloss to Amelia. Santa Cruz
from Joaquin Santa Cruz, desertion*
by Judge Graham to Julia B. Spies
from John J. Spies, neglect; by Judge
Troutt to Exquia F. de la Pena from
Stephen R. de la Pena, neglect-
Judge Graham ordered. Thomas
Collins to pay $30 a month and $50
counsel fees to his wife, whom he de
serted shortly, after their marriage
last June. Collins is an employe at
the Mint, earning $4 a day.
SAVED FROM SUICIDE
BUT SUED FOR DIVORCE
And such good punch was there —
served under a miniature fig tree. Be
sides the punch there was a splendid
atmosuphere of good fellowship. In
short, it was good fun, and Mrs. Ath-
and Mrs. Adolphus Graupner, Miss O'Cal
laghan. C. D. O'Callsghan. Barnett Franklin,
Hie* Isabel Fraser, Matteo Sandona. Mrs. Don
ald Fry. Mies M. E. Grtswold, Paul Elder,
Dr. Arnold Genthe, J. Howell. Dr. and Mrs. J.
Nelson Shlels, Dr. and Mrs. Reginald Knight
Smith, Captain and Mrs. Keitlng, Miss Bes»I#>
Strong. Mrs. Williamson and hosts of ethers
that a* treacherous memory fails to recall.
erton herself said so. And let it be
known that if Mrs. Atherton Bays a
thing she looks from those strong
blue eyes as though she means it.
And many a health was drunk to
the fair Californian who has brought
fame to our name. May her successes
— in which we all have a share—go on
apace. It is fit to do honor to such
as do the world's work, and the Se
quoia honored itself In doing honor to
their guest.
FAMOUS CALIFORNIA WRITER WHO WAS THE GUEST OF HONOR AT A
DINNER AND RECEPTION GIVBN LAST NIGHT BY THE SEQUOIA CLUB
IN ITS ROOMS AT THE ST. FRANCIS HOTEL.
.Dr. W. R. Price of Long Beach is at
the Lick.
F. J. Thomas, an attorney of Grass
Valley, is at the Lick.
W.F. Peterson, a merchant of Sacra
mento, Is, at the Lick.
H. E. Plckett, a mining man of Plac
eryllle,* is° kt* the Grind>« • - : ¦ -
""Count "Casa' Equla "of Mexico ' arrived
at the Palace yesterday. -
Attorney Frank : Short of Fresno is
registered at the Palace.
. J. P. Bowman, a merchant of Cres
cent City, is at the Grand.
Frank Cressy,* a well-known banker
of Modesto, is at the Lick.'
A. E. Dreler, a capitalist of Honolulu,
and his wife are at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Roscoe Bruririey of Lon
don'registered yesterday at the. Palace.
Eben Boalt, a prominent horticultur
ist of Butte County, is at the Occidental.
Bishop Johnson of the Episcopal
Church of Los Angeles is at the- St.
Francis. . v :^
B. T. McCullough, a stockman of
Crows . Landing, arrived at the Lick
yesterday. ,
E. C. Opperman, a prominent mining
man of Culiacon,. Mexico, is among, the
latest arrivals at, the Palace.
- R. L. Lloyd of Cananea, Mexico, who
is ; connected with t, the Green copper
properties, and his wife arrived at the
Palace yesterday on their way to Kes
wick.
W. V. S. Thome, director of purchases
and supplies of. the Harriman lines, ar
rived here ' yesterday from ~, the north.
He came West as far as Portland with
W. A. Worthlngton,' assistant director
of- maintenance and operations of the
Harriman lines, and then made an in
spection of the Southern Pacific lines
in Oregon with General Manager Cal
vin. •
; 1L ; K. • H. Bakhate, Egypt's . famous
engineer, who built the great dam at
Assbnan, arrived. from the East.yester
day and;> registered at : the Palace.
The visitor has, been making: an exten
sive tour ' of ! Inspection of the : irriga
tion' districts • of this country and will
spend several days in California, in
pursuit of information concerning .* the
methods of irrigation in vogue , here.
He will then proceed to New, Mexico
and ; Arizona' for a similar purpose.
PERSONAL.
SALESMAN FOR JEWELRY- FIRM
' IN JAIL ACCUSED ' OP • THEFT
A. B. Swain, a traveling salesman for
the jewelry firm of Brittain & Co., on
Geary street, was arrested last night
by Detectives 'O'Dea and Mulcahy. His
name was entered on- the detinue book.
Swain is a recent arrival. from Seattle
and ; is accused of stealing large
amounts of jewelry from thVfirnv
He came to this city with a number
of letters of recommendation. He se
cured work with . Brittain's and shortly
after the firm missed considerable of its
stock. Swain was; suspected and the
police were notified. He is a remittance
man and. has a wife and a child.
A. E. Swain, Emplayed by Brittain &
Co., on "Geary Street, Is in
City Prison.
CHINESE CHARGES.— Carrie G. Davis of
the Woman's Home Mission yesterday . applied
to the Superior Court for letters of guardian
ship over Sam How Dong and Sam Ah Moy,
Chinese children, aged 12 and S yean respect
ively. Their father lives at Bakersfleld and
the - whereabouts of 7 the - mother ¦ Is ¦ unknown.
It Is said that the children desire to attend
the mission school.-. ¦
•But; for the heroic efforts of two po
licemen - and the • members of Truck
Company, No. 5 Launcelot Jackson, an
8-year-bld boy, living at 16 Byington
avenue, would probably have lost his
life yesterday - afternoon by being
buried alive in a sand lot at the corner
of : Ellis and Fillmore streets. „ With
three youthful companions, Alvin Lang
of ; 1506 Ellis street,' Sydney Carr of 23
Byington avenue and, Chester Chan, a
Chinese boy living in j the ¦ same " neigh
borhood, Jackson had been engaged in
digging . a well in I the- lot for . several
days. ; When a depth of j four feet had
been reached the youngsters conceived
the ' idea ¦ of rigging ; up a derrick with
which. to raise a bucket.
j|| The" boys were proceeding with their
work yesterday in a methodical man
ner, each taking his turn at . the bot
tom . the excavation and filling the
bucket' with sand.; They ... had finally
reached a depth of. about nine feef at 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon, when Jack
son, mugh against his will,- went to the
bottom to do his shift. Suddenly one
side of the well caved in and youiM:
Jackson ' was buried \ up to his ; neck It
sand. His three companions; althouiji
greatly frightened, immediately went «.o
his rescue, but realizing that i . they
could render little . assistance, as the
sand was dry and kept -piling in upon
Jackson as fast as they; could : remove
it, they hurried off for help and soon re
turned with Patrolmen Gleeson and
O'Shaughnessy. 7
The policemen labored diligently for
several . minutes and then summoned
Truck 5, the members of which turned
to the. work of rescue with; a will and
after a hard struggle managed to extri
cate young Jackson from; his perilous
position. They hurried him . to the
Emergency Hospital, where an exam
ination showed that the boy was not
injured. While .the. firemen were en
deavoring ; to rescue Jackson a large
crowd gathered ( about the scene and
cheered the truckmen in their difficult
task" and greeted ' the rescuers with a
mighty uproar when success rewarded
their efforts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANMATEO, Oct. 2.— The second
annual flower show under the auspices
of the .Women's Auxiliary ¦ Civic Club
opened here to-day with the most gor
geous floral display ever seen In the
county. . Athletic " Hall, where the ex
hibition is being , held, is . a : fragrant
bower of bloom and beauty. Exhibits
have come from as far away as San
Jose, one of them winning a prize. The
hall has : been crowded throughout
efternoon and evening. Among the lib
erar contributors to the' exhibition are
A. Borel.b.F. Walker, W. H.' Crocker,
IV O. : Mills, E. W. McLeflan, ; Mrs. A-
M. Easton, Miss Jennie Crocker, George
A. Pope, M. A. Gunst, P. C. Meyer and
others. Awards have been made aa
follows:
•¦¦ Cut flowers, grown under glass, . chrysan
themums — P.. C. Meyer, $5 each variety:
chrysanthemums, " grown out ? of doors, best
twalve white and twelve yellow, T. Mclntyre,
$5 each;, test vase, any variety, Mrs. W. H.
Crocker. $5. :
•Potted plants— Special prize for the best
se»dling never before exhibited, Mrs. J. C.
Robinson, silver cup. ¦ .
Da hl!as ; Best and largest collection of
cactus dahlias— First prize, - George A. Pope,
silver cup; second, Mrs. W.I H. Crocker, $3.
Best and largest collection of show dahlias —
First prize, . George A. Pope, $5. Special prize
for thfc best ; seedling, never before, exhibited —
Mrs.. VV. . H. Crocker. $5. - Largest collection,
not less than twenty-four — First prize, Mrs.
W. H. Crocker, $5; second, George A. Pope. $3.
. Carnations — Best and' largest collection
grown under glass, first prize,, P. C. Meyer, $5;
second, Flck and Faber, |3; special prize, Sid
nay V. Clark, ' }2 50.
Roses — Best and largest collection grown
under Slavs, no first prize; second, P. C
Meyer. $3. ---¦-¦
Potted plants — Best and largest collection of
ferns, first prize.' H. Plath; best fern specimen,
any.; variety, H. ; Plath, $5; best collection of
potted plants, any variety, >; first prize, H.
Plath, $5; second, /W. S. Tevls, $3; best single
palm, parlor grown. W. Kettlcwell, $5.
Outdoor roses-r-SpecIal prize, M. "VV. Carter,
$3; beat hanging basket, first prize, W. 8.
Tevis, silver cup: special prize, W. Kettlewell,
$2 r>0; special mention was made of Miss Jen
nie Crocker's exhibit from Uplands.'
The judges were J. W. Bagge of the
Crocker estate, Thomas Munroe of
Golden Gate Park and N. Peterson of
Siever's nursery.
The attraction this evening was the
four flower girls, the Misses Laura
Reynolds, Emily Donnelly and Mildred
Callaghan and Mrs. Frank E. Baker,
dressed in charming costumes made
chiefly of the flowers represented, by
each— roses, carnations, chrysanthe
mums and poppies respectively. ,
¦ The exhibition will continue to-mor
row, closing Saturday night with a pre
sentatton~of~lnterest!ng specialties by
the Family Club of San Francisco.
Youthful Companions, See,
ing His Danger, Hastily
Summon Help for Him
Society Folk Maiif est Their
. interest by Entering' Flor
al Gems in Competition
¦ ..... . - * - . .
By Sally Sharp.
Ye who know Gertrude Atherton's
books and know her not, list ye!
Fascinating, blond, blue-wyed, blue
eowned. with a soft sweep of
whit* throat and shoulders, natural,
interested, quick of grasp, devoid of
pose, warm «nd womanly is Gertrude
Atherton as we met last night, some
400 of us Sequoians. hand to hand in
the ivory and gt>ld ballroom at the St.
Francis.
At the fall of twilight the dinner
uas on. the dinner given to the fam
ous Californlan by the directors of the
club.
Seated with a personal fitness
wrought out by President Charles S.
Aiken, the following guests dined
with our fair compatriot:
Mr. rjjd Mrs. Asnton Stevens.. Mr. and Mrs.
*??? ea ?y "««»•«. r>r. and Mrs. J. WMua
Shield Mrs. Gerrit L. Lansing. Jara*s D. Pbe
1 . Ue Or * u - Mlw Ethel Harrison. Fre
mont Ol<J*r. Mrs. Edgar Petxotto. Thomas
Sn'^Jf* , EdS c r Pelxotto - William Greer Harrl
ecn. Charles fe Alken. Mrs. Altx-rt G«Tberdinjf.
Allan Pollok. Mrt. B. r. Norrjj. Miss Ednah
lieb;n«wm. Miss Kranc*« Jolllffe. Mark Gfrstle
»{«* Je?sira lVlxotto. Professor Wesley g!
Mitchell. Dr. William Frederick Bode, Miss
Mary Ben. Maynard Dixon. Miss Ina D. Cool
¥- Hi--. ¥/• and Mr " Fr »nk D*erfng and Charles
k. Held.
Xow. that dinner was a joy, for
know ye all that there wasn't a
speech, nay. nor a toastf save those
that sprang to the lips of neighbors.
And they, so 'tis said, were worth the
hearing. Most Sequoia toasts are.
Among; those few who sent regrets
were Bailey Millard, George Hamlin
Fitch and Lorenzo Sosso. After a din
ner whose digestion was not arrested
by terrorizing thought of "being call
ed upon," a reception was held, with
the brilliant novelist the lodestar. The
following ladies received the guests,
all of whom met the honored guest,
and for each she had a word of greet
ing: Mrs. Reginald Knight Smith,
Mrs. Alice Prescott, Miss Millicent
CosgTave, Miss Ethel Moore and Mrs.
E. S. Simpson.
At no function of the year were so
rrany interesting people gathered, and
let it be cried out from the housetops
that there were more charming men
there last night— men who do things—
than at any social function In a coon's
age.
Now, that's society! Women, and
pretty women, are always with us, but
many men who are clever and interest-
Ing and worth while usually fight shy
of social affairs. But they were there
in bunches last night As to the wom
en, they were fair to look upon and
gowned in fetching fashion. There was
Mrs. Elizabeth Gerberding in a clinging
black velvet gown, showing a throat
encircled with pearls and a red rose
wreath in her hair; Mrs. B. F. Xorris
in a stunning black gown. Miss Elsie
Sperry in a picturesque frock with a !
Gainsborough hat, pretty Marie Wells
in a flame-colored gown and hat. Miss
Frances Jolliffe in a diaphanous white
frock. Miss Ednah Robinson Id a splen
did lace robe, with autumn leaves in
her hair; Mrs. Frank Deering in a gray
gown and chinchilla hat and muff. But
why go on, for the list grows apace?
Among those who gathered to do
honor to Mrs. Atherton were:
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Foster Dutton, Mr. and
Mrs. Graven Dutton. Judcre and Mrs. Ralph
K. Harrison. Mrs. T. M. Onnent, Miss Anna
Strunsky. Dr. Ftrunaky. Dr. Milicent Cossrave.
Miss Patricia Cosfravc. Misa Marie Withrow,
Miss Eva Withrow, John M. Gamble, Mr. and
Mre. Morrow. Miss Katheriae Chandler, Mr.
SAND CAVES IN ON HIM
PRIZES ARE AWARDED
Tfie Sequoia Tenders 'Novelist Dinner and JReQeption
uL LI IC OLi I I ul lUlot
CLUB WOMEN HONOR
GERTRUDE ATHERTON
Flower Show Opens at San
Mateo With Rich Display
From Gardens ; of the City
Little Launcelot Jackson Is
I Rescued From a Peril
ous Position by Firemen
CHOICE BLOOMS
ON EXHIBITION
CHILD ESCAPES
TRAGIC DEATH
THE, SAN FRANCISCO GALL', SATURDAY, j OCTOBER^ 29; V 1904,
9
1 _ . . AMUSF^fT^VTS.
1NGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coursing will bezin at 11 o'clock sham *nd
continue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Misslon-st. cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
OPERAfl^JlJ HOUSE
Last wni
Enormous Succea* of the First Production
In English of the Famous Comio Opera,
Der Rasteltinfler
(The Mousetrap Peddler)
MATINEE SATURDAT.
NEXT MOW- The London and New York
DAT NIOHT Musical Comedy Triumph.
THE MB8S6NGER BOY .>
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES 28c, Me. 73c
The Biograph, Showing "Personal/ 1
And a Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evenlnsr In the Theater.
TAKE A RIDS ON THE)
IXXETXATUltE . ELECTRIC RAH.RO AD.
SEVEN BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
FBX33CATXC EXECTBXC TOJnrtAJX
DISPLAY TO-WIOHT.
ADMISSION...... 10c | CHILDREN.. ......So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
MISCEUjAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ft. BUCKINGHAM
OMTUMB "MACBETH"
LYRIC HALL. 11D Eddy Street.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3 O'CLOCK
RESERVED SEATS — ONE DOLLAR, at
LYRIC HALL.
PaisirA D0WT FAIL T0
rdldlC iee a* beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRS
uuu parlor. th«
fir- PALM ROOM, th«
lirSllfl louis xv Jar.
0,1,1,, DIES' WRITINO
I Hotels rqom.
It's Unlucky
•Tls said, to pass under a ladder, and w9
the - superstitious ones believe. But
every one knows It Is unluclcy to .take
fine linen to a poor laundry for renova*
tion. If you have been so unfortunate
as to have the purity of your linen mar-
red by poor laundering, bring It here and
note the . change when It is sent horn*
from our laundry*
UNITED STATES LAVNDBY.
1004 1IAXZZT 3TX£I!T.
Telephone gonth 430.
E3BNsfe0|S9dp^*'flfi|
¦ij^i&Ever y Woman
rftife^^Sn MARVtL Whirling Spray
V\^N^CQC^L t»nandil*ctia*.t£—tr-3*t'
Nj»>^^sS7^^g3ffl»^. ,i MU-Mo«t ConTenlent.
ltk fMr 'n««Ut far II. ; ' ML ¦' - ! .'ii J *Ts^* m *
If hec*nnot»npply the \i- tslQri?!St/m/i^:
MARVEL, accept no * :^u n^^ i B»t^
other, bat tend lump for /^Si\>
. Ulastmted book— wtt*. Itftrea Y\. f "*m
full partlcnlar* and direction* tn- O?/./
¦ valuable to fauties- ™&£ v *^ C9 '»<**ML>h,i i mM
41 rarkK«n,.t*n lark. . f <itVJt~
1S2 New Montgomery. San Francisco. CmL
William Hatteroth (Ladies' DepC). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 400 Sutter and 100 Itocktoa.
Oacood Brothers... Tth and Broadway. O**l*a4
Baldwin Paarmacy ...........II* X1U«
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY: CALL
WANT ADS, ;
A Coupon Entitling YoiT to One
•,':, .¦':¦: ¦'. Pound 40c \ -}';'. . ;
"TOP QUALITY" COFFEE of :
THE'GREAT AMERICAN:
IMPORTINGVTEA CO.
.With . Every 1^ -35c Small Ad
,in SUNDAY : [CALL.
See Small Ad Page "for. Further
1 Particulars. ¦ ¦ '.
AMUSEMENTS.
r-CALIFORNIA-N
MATINEE TO-DAT.
I«AST TIME TO-NIGHT.
MASON AND MASON
AS THE BUROUAR '
AND THE DETECTIVE
In Mark B. Swan's Latest Musical
• - Comedy Success
FRITZ AND SNITZ
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
HAVERLY'S MINSTRELS
With BILLT VAN, "The Assassin of
Sorrow," and a host of other bis fea-
tures. Positively the greatest Minstrel
organization In existence.
European anymerican Stars !
The Three Dnmondi; Sullivan and Paa-
QUelena: Harvey Comedy Comnany;
Owley and Randall, and Oxphenm Mo-
tion. Pictures. Showtnr "The Moon-
shiners." •
Last Times of Iiowii McCord and Com-
pany: Techow'i Cats; Slnon and Paris,
and Josephine DaWitt.
Reg-ular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices— 10c, 23c
and 60c. •.¦-¦¦
t^rt 9 I IME9I A frasciscos
UULUIVlDl A mm vim
MATUSTEi: TO-DAY -
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIME3.
' The Brilliant Musical Comedy Success,
SAN TOY
- With. JAMES T. FOWEXtS. -,,-
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY^
ISADORERUSH
And a Stron«r Supporting Company
In the Farcical Comedy Success, '
GLITTERING GLORIA
GRAN_DSS5gg
MATINEE TO-DAT— LAST NIOHtI
ARIZONA
BEGINNING TO-MORROW MATINEE
JANE CORCORAN
Supported bj ANDREW ROBSOR
'» PRETTY PEGGY
. POPULAR PRICES.
H. "W. BISHOP Lessee and ilanager
MATINIE TO-DAY
XO-XIGHT AND TO-MORROW NIOHT
UAST PBRFOIIMANCES •
By Oliver Morosco'a All Star Company of E»-
mond's Most Fascinating Play,
WHEN WE WERE
TWENTY-ONE
PRICES— 23c to 75c
Starting- MONDAY— An Elaborate Revival of
M/\miwET
ALCAZArriSr
General Manarer.
MATINKE TO-DAT AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
H. V. Esmond's Delightful Comedy,
THE ,
WILDERNESS
Etes.% 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. and Sun.. 25c to 80c
October 31, 'lUSA WAYNE"
Thrilling Btory of a Montana Dancehall Olrl.
' Market •t , near Eighth. Phone South 533.
; MATINEE ' TO-DAY AND ¦ TO-MORROW.
To-Night and To-Morrow NUht Last Times.
Moat Gorgeous Production ot Steele Mackaye's
thrilling drama of the "Reign of .Terror,"
PAUL KAUVAR
With the popular f aTorite, Herschel Mayall,
The Worst Woman in London
v Marvelous ' Scenic ' Effects. Rich Comedy.
BASlEBrtlwiLJ.
OAKLAND VS; TACOIVIA.
' : ;'A3TOTKZS / GEE AT , SEBTE3.
•"- AT : RECREATION iPARK, '
¦ Eighth and .Harrison Streets. ,
TO-DAY ' and all .WEEK DAYS. . . . . .3 p. m.
- SUNDAY ... .". : . .*. . 2 :30 p. m.
LADIES FREE THURSDAYS AND I FRIDAY.
Advance ' SaO« , of Seat* ; at 6 ¦ 8tockton ] Str«et.
'-"¦ si 11 ¦"¦"¦ ¦'"¦'-¦'-si'm ¦¦» ¦•-^ : -— -"'-'—'- -- ' '¦ " :-'_• J _ '" '- ' '- - 1 :-- '"
.(S&| I OIL HEATERS
"^^llMr: 1 i '• -FOI JHESE COLD, DAMP ; DAYS- ¦
gSfl'HH^l^EM. or ? enu i ne comfort- at a nominal ,
- "'nf^^g expense Oil Heaters are the best.
PI ifPJ^I %'^ ie y ar « economical, clean and odor-
ifi wiiiiMl^! - ess * no more trou ble to take care of
J^?XoaHEJ " than any ordinan,* lamp. Burns from
•ffib^iSffliffli "'' IO tO I2 k° urs without refilling-, heat-
ing a room from 15 to 20 feet square.
ffiff ! j^llUIB Also tho Kwlel C^ Kf) A% __?»* Jflt
r^^^Tip^^^i • OU Heater for <9**~*v %/
fUthaA*Dohnnaiiii(^
I 122-1S2 SUTTER ST. Vsl
. , ADVERTISEMENTS.
' The
Chocolate Girl
TELLS STORY
TRADe'MAm -
You will find her on every genuine
package of
¦BAKER'S
Breakfast Gocoa
.THEiFINESTIN'^riaE WORLD
AH kHIGHE^^AWAR >.
T'JL in" Europe and America
Walter Baker &O).ttd;
- EsUbilshed 1780 DORCHBSTKR, ;'; MASS.
t fftt rrrcD > g1 CUTS SICK HEADACHB.
UAKlCAa . - _
SBittle Genuine Must Bear
BlVER 'w^Fab^mila Signature
¦ piua. ¦ : ;Jj*---',
POSTUM CEREAJj.
GOOD NEWS
for the
. coffeerwreck
POSTUM
There's a Reason.
Get the famous little bock, "TheSPROTT OF STANFORD PRAC
TICING A KICK FROM PLACE
MENT AND A SCRIMMAGE.
. He- ; -"Np, "I- shall never get 'married "
fihe^l'Tou'coward.'.' 7
.^ David Cohenl aged 12 years, resid
ing at Sixth and . Shipley, streets, while
riding his bicycle "'on'O'Farrell street
at';. the junction ,ot Market ran. his
.wheel between the two" 1 horses attach
ed to the. Potrero Emergency Hospital
wagon, which was on its way to the
Cify«HalI. The horses" took fright and
trampled / the until ;lt was a
wrecks Young Cohen . escaped , Injury.
Rode Bicycle ' Into Team.
The tribes ;, of ; the Improved
of Red Men and" the councils of the
Degree of Pocahontas of ; San Fran
cisco*, and of. Alameda and San Mateo
counties will', hold a' council of ..sor
row in Red Men's Hall on Golden Gate
avenue at 2 .o'clock < to-morrow*after
noon,' whe*i there /wimbe; appropriate
services ' in : memory of ; the ¦ mefriber's of
the two orders , who . have i passed away
during' the past : twelve "months. . ';
Council of Sorrow.
Deputy. Customs Surveyor ' Chaun
cey- M. St. : John, acting for Customs
Collector Stratton, r had . rf .conference
yestwday ;wlth- the HarbW Commis
sioners upon the -subject of 'the plac
ing of i Government 'scales on .the ; wa
ter front. The. Commissioners decided
to allow space; on ;the- bulkhead f for
three scales ,at the -'following :; points
selected by^ Mr. ' St. > John : arid
Beale,; ; between ./HqwaVd-streetvi, piers
Nos. •", 1' arid . 2,'f a rid ' betweefTi GreenTa'ficI
Places ; Selected for Scales.
'[. .; Hofne,' av • boilermaker,
caught hold -of a -man on Clay street
yesterday '; afternoon 'and 4 .'compelled
him s to ; walk'alorigjtill.he"; met ¦Police
men ; Dougherty arid Bean? Horrie • told
the I* officers > fhat while he - was ?livin«
at ¦ PinoleTabout H our months '• ago thf
prisoner,' W.»; Peterson; 'occupied ; the
same': room'.', Horrie '•¦ alleged -- that V Pet-^
ersori broke ' open' his trunk ; and ' stole
$45 75. ¦ Peterson : disappeared »vTand
Home, had" riot ; seen \hirn : again jtill he
met ; him^ori, Cla"y. street. Peterson
said that* Home': was mistaken ' and
that *his; name was "A".; Osborne.; - He
was] locked 'up;iri 7 "the]tank3' f ''arid^the
autHoritiesyat' Pinole^ will
Arrests Alleged Robber.
* 'The annrual-; meeting;; of the San
Franciisco Scottish Bowling Club for
the 'election of officers will be held NoV
vember'ilO.V.' At this" : meeting; ; Dr.
Hamiltcn,<the 'new; club champion and
winner of '._* the; last singles, tournament,'
will be ' presented :with-a pair of ' sil
ver; mountedlbowls." ;• " '
As -Y.' C. :, Lawson will
make.his home in future in Xew^York,'
p.: newi president .•.will' be 'elected. .' Mr.
Lawson hasjbeeri president of, the club
-since; its •• organization. ;;"The- club , has
prospered'ibeyond; all (anticipation un
der; his . "He v was-the or
gaiiizerj of ' the. club and; wil 1 ;be' greatly
missed by his. hpst of friends.
. . The Scottish bowlers are -out \>n the
gr«en at Golden Gate -Park whenever
the .weather. | permits : and . some; Inter
esting games are . bowled ) each Satur
day.* v. ; A doubles ; tournament is under
way and will be finished by the end of
November at th"e 'latest. ; There are
two . matches* yet .to " be - played ; in the
first round. . >They are : /John McLaren
and J. -Stott .vs. .James ,Gra£ and-An
drew Wilkie, and Robert Park arid W.
Ccok vs. W. Eaton arid E. C.-Medeau
The following matches will be play
ed 'in v the, second round: D. 'O'Brien
and " Y. C. Lawson vs.' .winner* of Gray-
McNaiight - Jj^McLachlan - W^ebster
match ; M; Crowe , and H.~ L. TIckner
vs.\ winner of Moffltt-Millar-Dr. Hamil
ton-Watson match. ¦•;¦•• -
Many Taking Part In Doubles Toorna
:• incnt Now In Progress. •
The \vinnmg_team is to go south
and play the*champions of. Southern
California - for the T academic cham
pionship of the State.
, If Lick does not go stale before the
Cr:al "game that school should have i" lit
tle- trouble beating Oakland.
The Oakland boys did not show up
any too well last Saturday, but this
¦was probably due to the fact that they
vere overconfident With two weeks'
hard practice they should be at their
It is doubtful if a high schpol team
ever played better football than Lick
did last Saturday. They started with
the ball and the way they bucked the
line and 'ran ends was a revelation.
Coaches Smock 'and Cavanaugh have
worked wonders with their • material.
The Lick team work and interference
i:« almost perfect. Cavanaugh's shift
play, although used only in the first
half, netted the team 200 yards. This
play will not work as successful
against Oakland next Saturday, as
Coach Bishop has been devising means
to stop it.
Lick and Oakland to Piay for the
Cliampionship.
The Academic League has developed
seme strong football teams this year
and as a result the games are well at
tended. The defeat of Santa Rosa and
Talo Alto last* Saturday leaves but two
teams to fight it out for 'the cham
pionship. They are Lick of San Fran
cisco and Oakland High School. .The
eemi-flnal games were both one-sided
and are of little value in getting a line
on the two remaining teams.
SCOTTISH BOWXERS COMPETE.
ACADEMIC LEAGUE FOOTBALL.
:- Wittman also repeats . his request
that an ordinance i be adopted prohib*
king .tfie shaking of dice in public
places to reach the bunko men : who
shake. for money in saloons with load
ed" dice and who play top and bottom
and other games to fleece the unwary.
Although the communications .were
filed * with the board more than two
months ago nothing has been done to
comply with the request of the Police
Department : and the ', law . prohibiting
pool, selling is being "continuously vio
latedJ*9BfeBH
Chief of Police Wittman yesterday
sent to the Supervisors copies of
communications forwarded on August
11 last asking that the ordinance pro
hibiting the selling of pools on horse
races be amended so that it would not
be necessary to prove that the race
was actually run. Wittman stated that
it was impossible to secure convictions
of offenders because It would be nec
essary to. bring witnesses from. , the
Eastern tracks.. . He asked that . the
ordinance be so. worded as to. prohibit
pool selling on races run or. purported
to". : be . run. ' He repeats his*..- re
quest that the amendments be adopted
so that the selling of pools may be
suppressed.
Chief . Wittman Again Urges Supervis
ors to Insure Convictions for Sell
ing Pools on Horse Races.
RENEWS REQUEST THAT
ORDINANCE BE- AMENDED
Considerable excitement has beep cre
ated among the rowing men of San
Francisco Bay by the charges made by
the Alameda Boat Club against the of
ficers of the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union. The Alameda
oarsmen held a meeting in their club
house and passed resolutions \ charging
the officers of the Pacific Association
with neglect and mismanagement of the
affairs of the oarsmen and with adopt
ing tricky methods to maintain them
selves In power.
Meetings have been held by the row
ing men at which the conduct. of the
board of managers of the Pacific Asso
ciation has been condemned, arid the
oarsmen have discussed the question
of retiring from the association' and
forming an organization of rowing
clubs only.
. W. B. Hinchman, the president of
the Pacific "Association, who. was for
many years secretary of the Alameda
Boat Club, • has withdrawn from the
club. The Alameda Boat Club has
sent in its resignation to the Pacific
Association, but it has not been ac
cepted, the board of managers, saying
charges such as those made by the
oarsmen should be substantiated. The
managers of the association claim 7 the
charges are false and libelous. 'and
have appointed a- committee, consist
ing of T. I. Fitzpatfick of ; the South
End Rowing Club, Herbert Hauser of
the Stockton Athletic Association arid
E. J. Lynch of the Ariel Rowing Club,
to . draw up a reply.-. ' The board ; Says
that it has always - been ready to ad
vance the interests of the' oarsmen and
has suggested that L each - club should
have* three representatives on the re
gatta committee, one of^ whom should
be a member- of .the board ;,of ' man*
agers, while the * other ~> two should be
appointed by the club, with full power
to act on the regatta committee.
pleasure at Methods of the
Pacific Association.
Oarsmen Give Vent to Grave Dis-
ALAMEDAXS SAY ROWING
h IS A NEGLECTED AIST
¦ f Billy.. Wattles" and f Charles 'Lang -'shot
at '.Collins villej last V Sunday. -They 're
port canvasbacks - as : being ; numerous.
San ¦ Pablo ' Bay • is \'j_ full " of .ducks,'; but
they afe not j working, well for ' the: gun
men at present. " . ' ,
•Jim Jeffries, the boxer.avails of every
opportunity AVhilehels.bn'the road 'for
a duck ¦ shoot, and .his < friends are .the
gainers . by, his skill \ with .the , breech
loader. ( He ha,s sent several. fine' strings
of ducks to this city' from Marysville.
/:"-¦ Julius '.Bruns^ and~Jack- Karney spent
ten day's at : Sears-Point after quail and
ducks and had excellent sport. ; ¦ . '¦•¦ |."'
A. F.'Estabrdoki shot* at 'Mount 'Edeji
on .Wednesday and" secured the ( limit. .
J. B. Hauer, and other members of
the. : Empire . Gun . Club - secured - some
"cans" on their Monterey preseryes last
Sunday. -The gamekeeper ' has
them ¦ .that the ducks have ' returned,
and the members expect good sport' t6
morrow;. ¦' ; "", •¦'¦ '¦-'¦ - ; .- "' ¦'
; i Otto .Feudher, who is,pronouhced the
best duck shot on theVcoast, Is making
the reputation of a new pond. He did
this, successively with "the Prlngle. and
the. Stewart ; ponds, " ( and has -now. gone
on to Joe ; Danielsoh's /place. This is
one; and a half miles" beyohd^the Stew
art pond, near Collinsville. He secured
the limit there easily last Sunday. ,\ 1
The reports from the nearby marshes
are to. the effect that the s ducks are re
turning'.to their favorite feeding
grounds from the interior, where they
were driven, by the recent storm. . Many
sportsmen were out on Wednesday on
the preserves and limit strings were
obtained at different points. A contin
uation, of cold, clear .weather, will make
the shooting excellent. .
Each shooting season develops some
humorous experiences, and this one ! is
no 'exception to the rule. One of the
most novel of these happened to • A.
Mehlert and Dr. C. R. Bricca. They
were shooting in separate boats on. San
Pablo Bay when the former i killed a
sprig. The duck came down with: great
force and struck Dr. Bricca on . the
head, knocking him overboard. His
companion went to his rescue and soon
had him. in his boat, .none the. worse
for his experience. ! •
Walter Linforth was the hero or the
victim of another such incident. He
was fishing for bass in rSah . Pablo Bay
with J. Weil and had landed a'good
sized fish.- Just then he saw. some sprig
coming and let fly at them. ; He over
balanced : himself and | fell overboard.
While ' his clothes were, drying he
showed the. true sporting spirit by sit
ting up in the boat . ' in his overcoat
shooting ducks. ' ¦ • ¦ :¦ .' ' ¦'..
Large StriDgs Show
Sportsmen Are
Successful.
The batting and bowling averages of
the San Francisco County Cricket : CIub,
winner of the championship of the Cali
fornia Cricket Association :Jn 1903 r and
1904,' have '; been, prepared. In 1903 -the
team played*" 1 twelve pennant * niatches,
winning nine, losing one; and drawing
two. In the season just finished the
team played twelve pennant* matches;
winning. seven, losing four and drawing
j one. Harold B. Richardson stands at
the head 'of the batting list with the
remarkable average of 146.40 j runs . per
inning., His average, considerably ex
ceeds his highest score, which. was ",103
not out, but he lost his .wicket only. five
out of the .eleven times that he was at
the bat, Petersen stands second at a
long interval v and j Roberts third.. A.
Davies standsat.the head, of the bowl
ing .averages, having taken,.- sixteen
wickets at an average cost of 7.01 runs.
H. Roberts' really rendered greaterser
vice to . his .club, capturing thirty-five
wickets at a cost of 9.94 runs each. The
batting and bowling "averages In full
follow: . . . . " . . -:
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTT CLUB BATTING
' • • - AVERAGES. 1904. - -
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ! Ii I I
BATSMEN. ; 5- . g f. 3 V?
H.* B. : Richardson ! 11 « |103»|732 |146.40
B. M. Petersen. I 10 1 |109 [339 | 39.00
H. Roberts.". ........ T. 2 I 36 95 15.8-1
B. J. Stratton...... . -5 0 | 29 70 14.00
H..F.,Pepy».. 6. -.1 j 31 54^10:80
E. G. Sloman 4 0 18 36 . 0.C0
M. Eubank.-..:.., 3 0 ;24 25 ' 8.33
W. It. Stewart....... 9 .1 14. 04 '.'8.00
\V\. W.- During. .'...". 2 0 9 14 7.00
R. B. Shand 1 0 7 '-7 7.00
P.'lR.' John,'.'. -....-.¦. . 2 ' 0 12 J2' .6.00
H. iDixon ....:... ;6 1 16 29 . 5. SO
W. B.- -Rooker.'."..'. .'. 2' 0' 8 ft "4.50
C.-W.Irtsh.. ::...... 6 0' 14 25 : 4.16
H. E.,Boulton,'. ....... 2 1 4* -.4 4.00
A. Davien.... :•....:.. .3 0 8 11 3.68
A. C. Chadwlck. . . :-. .4. '0 5 11 : 2.75
W, I,. Holms........ 2 0 4 : 4 2. CO
T. J. A. Tiedema*.. ? 1 '4 11 ;i.8;i
J. Grecr. ...'.;....... . '/. 3'| O' 3 ' S 1.50
" "Not out;- •-¦'-•-- ¦:.''• ¦ ' . ""
R." W;*. Weaver ; and 1 . A: • '.Watson : played . in
two ' matches,-, but did. not. score. :
SAN FRANCTSCO COUNTT- CLUB "BOWLIXO
».y ..-• ' • -AVERAGES: .1904. '¦ -- . .
::-'„ :-¦¦ . ¦ ¦¦¦'-.. - ----¦ -s>- .k; :»¦ .¦> r
- bowler. . , r." g, :- ». 5
¦ -' '¦,'•''''¦'.-.-¦'. •'. . •' «• • ' -¦ , '.• C
' ' ' ¦ * " I - * * ' ' ,
A. :' Davies' ..:... ..r. R4| 29 114 W ,7.01
H." Roberts.;'. .....-.•. 146 34 3J8 35 ' 9.04
K. J., Stratton .-.-.:.;.-. 51 .-7, 1SS 11. "12:36
H." B. Richardson... .-i» IV. 147 11' 13.30
E.. II.- Petersen. r:... 03 23 202 15 .13.40
C.".AV.IrlsK.-... H .::.. "12 0 35 >2: '17.50
H.' Dlxon V.......*.. ~ 11 .1 41^2 ,20.50
M. Eubank ' 3 0 17 0 ..:.;.
A.- Watson.....*. ..... -2 .0 -11 "0, .¦..'..-.'
W. ' R. ¦ Stewart :. .. -lr O\ 41 oj..;...
STREET .'CARS. WILIj STOP'
- ; ' AT : XEAR^ CROSSWALKS
Supervisors : Authorize the ,:Use. ; of-j
J ¦;" S,igns:by Companies 'in^Excej>- •'•'.!
.'. . tiorinl Cases. : . '.
•; , The joint Committee Jon,' Judiciary
arid -Streetsj yesterday • reported* in^fa- ,
for of /Supervisor"'; Lunstedt's -"resolu
tion authorizing "street 1 " railroad* com-'
panies^ to.^place ; stop -. plates yor : stop
signs ~'at^ali)poIntB; where; cars regular
ly st'opi>tp'; take" on or • let off passen
gers, ; provided,' however, ; that: ho" such
stop',' 'plates « o~ r ;' signs ; shall • be \ placed
where ; the ; stopping * place 'is Vat the"
neafj^crosswalkr '-"Lunstedt/; explained
that the/ companies^had agreed": to
have i; aS unifbrm v r ii1e r . that \ cars"" shall
stop^at^th'^near^cVosswalk'inancas
exceptTwhereUhel grade" or/other,; con
ditions 'prevent.* "' It is "proposed, to, im
bed 5 stop signs " in . the pavement -
such points for-; cable 'cars', and
pend ,' signs"; oiT the "wires ; of. electric
¦; r oads.^' : 1 1 . was stated '.tha t ; there ; wou Id
;be* few- suchjsfgnsV'i as'the'geheral* rule
: ;be : for. "cars " to* stop} at -the : near
crosswalk:" ¦ /> "''.-'¦"' > ¦'¦'¦ ..; ,-l-\
:The Golden Gate Tennis Club has
sent out announcements" for a handi
cap, doubles tournament to be played
on, the" park courts November 6.
.'The young ladies who frequent the
.public courts are showing unusual ac
tivity. They are holding a tournament
almost every Saturday and some of
the players are becoming quite ex
pert. Miss Sari ta- Van Vliet has been
playing at- the park .only - about a
month, 1 but has already climbed to the
top.- She has played in three, or four
tournaments and has won them all.
The fair players, will meet in a
scratch doubles -tourney to-day. , Miss
Van , Vliet . and Miss Weed . hold . the
cups, but will find the teams harder
to beat than they were In ; the: last
event. ' ', . .
- Besides the. two /.teams mentioned
the ; following teams have won the
cups once: Dr. Hill and Will Allen,
R. T. Crawford" and "Allen: ' Chester
and Grant Smith. - - ¦ - '>- i .. v .'..V_:^.:
Carl Gardner and Will Collier have
joined forces and if Janes and Long
meet them on even terms the latter
willhave a hard time winning. Cham
pion MacGavin has entered with his
father... There .are several new, play
ers entered, : including , B. Ivancovich,
.Lund," Thome and H. Jones. Paul
Jones has also rejoined, the club and
will play with Sidney Salisbury.
• The event on" Sunday is for the Di
rectors' cups. - They have been won
twice- by two- teams and a victory for
either of them. to-morrow will dispose
of the cups permanently. George
Janes and Herbert Long and Herbert
Schmidt and Harry Rolf e have their
names' on the- trophies* twice. • Janes
and Long won the last two tourna
ments held and look to have a better
chance to", win than Schmidt and
Rolfe. .' : - V :'-f '•' **
• The California 'Tennis. -Club will
open thewinter season -with a handi
cap! doubles tournament to be played
to-morrow. The entries closed j last
night. - The number of teams ' entered
is • larger than in any* similar event
held in the past. "^All of the best play
ers" in the /club will be in the compe
tition there will be some good
tennis.'" ¦""'¦ — ¦.*:..-.";':*-• t * £ *l? i
Cricketing
Men Record
Their Acts
HandipjLp Doubles Will
CominMcef
Hayes »cup — Vandal, Toung Fearless. Clover
Blossom. Rusty Anchor. Freeport. Doc Burns,
Ualveston. Queen's Motto. Honest John. Prin
cess Savoy, Little Plunger. Vina. Orslna. Car
low Boy. Frisky - Barbara. " Eagle Bird, - Lost
Chord. Icellus. Agile Spurt. Pasha Pleasant.
Kretter. Royal Friend, May Tunnlson, Frisky
Boy. - .
Reserve stake— Blu* Craig. Piker. Bob R.
Frisco Lad. Maid of Mercy. Fair Flyin*.
Forest Fire. Golden Feather. General Dewet.
Mark Twain. Concord Boy, Helen Hayes. LJly
Wright. Gold Uly. Belfast. Croix D. Good as
Gold, General Fremont. Aeolus. Cascade. Royal
Spirit, Butte City. Commercial Traveler. Lady
Henlo. stafMBimillM
Coursing will commence at Ingle
side Park to-day at 11 o'clock. The
reserve stake will be run as far as
possible. The Hayes cup will be the
feature to-morrow. The likely win
ners:
Reserve stake— Mickey Free. Amandan. J B
H. Aurella. Ml Amigo. Slroc. Homer Boy.
Rocked Asleep. Concord Tralee, In Time Hap
hazard. Belle Marie, Shadow. Sofala,- Quick
sand, Dorothy M. Flaunt. Ragged Actor, Real
Pa.-ha. Rich . Array. Tralee Laas. Una, Sher
man. Prompto. Renegade Apache.' Runaway
Actress. Racing Auto and Reckless Acrobat.
A. Young has bought Pepper Jack
and Haddington from A- C. Lomelino
and. Royal Spirit from W. D. Murphy.
Two stakes will be run to-morrow
at Union Park, a special and a re
serve. Four Montana dogs will start.
The likely winners:
Special stak»— Richard Anton. L* Rom. Th»
Rtierec. Duhallow. .. . . . . . • ,»„¦..
C. O. Peterson has sold Haphazard,
Silver. Cloud and Sir Winton to T.
Jolly.
; T. J. Cronin's fast but unlucky Fair
Tralee has seen the last of his days
as a courser. While chasing a hare
near the park he had a head-on col
lision with an electric car. The force
of the collision broke the fender on
the car.
The first of the Montana grey
hounds has arrived here for the whi
ter campaign. The young ones are
pronounced the finest looking ever
seen here. They are well nourished
and healthy and ought to run on
their looks. ,D. Doherty brought the
Hocking & Doherty string, while V.
Kellett has the dogs from the kennel
of George MacDougall.
The pick of the invaders are
thought to be Quicksand and Klntla,
by Bonnie Crawford-Quiver. Charles
Saunders of Butte will also -send a
string this winter. ':'*¦«
Champion Pocatelll, which was re
ported injured, will not bQ out of the
running. He will be a contender in
the $3500 John Grace cup stake. This
is limited to sixty-four entries and
there are already more than that
number in sight. "
TENNIS MEN ACTIVE
Next Saturday, the : 29th' irist, "the
.crews of theryachts {Sappho,- Minne
tonka, Royal, .Thetis, Ariel,-. Juanita,
Halcyon 1 and ? the" launches Florinda
and Sequbla.will give "a 1 closing dance
at the house "¦ of. the San Francisco
Yacht Club" at * Sausalito: ?V Invitation
cards' have been issued and it ; is Vari-i
nouriced ; that, . through -the .courtesy^
of the North Shore \ Railroad/ a", spe
cial - ferry-boat ; will leave San-- Fran-.
Cisco at 7:15 p., m., • returning * from
Sausalito at 12:15 and reaching this
city at 12:45:
Among those who contributed to the
enjoyment of the; evening were: Ted
Greenfield, in Hawaiian specialties;
Frank Thompson, .stories and songs;
Wilson and Miller, in" a musical sketch
entitled "Going .to ;the Ball";. Professor
H. Chiva, of the -Olympic
Club, and K. Shiga, in an exhibition of
jiu-jitsu, the Japanese art of ¦self-de
fense; E. Phillips, and R.B % Cornell,
Chris Pentony [ and*; M. • Rapp, 7 'E. Mc-
Kevitt and E. : H. 1 Vanier, , • M.J, Vickie
and T. Riordan, wrestlers, 'with George
S. Miehling as referee; :J. Gallagher
and W. Dwyer, j Mat Greenfield and J.
McBrideJ boxers, with De Witt ;Van
Court as referee. - During the . evening
Jim Logan, : who has rendered valuable
services* to the club,as'a;director;gen
eral of the cuiinary 'department; was
presented with a souvenir and. token of
gratitude from . his , fellow members.- i
The closing jinks of the San Fran^
Cisco Yacht Club, given last Saturday
in the clubhouse at Sausalito were
well attended. Financial Secretary A.
G. A. Mueller acted as announcer, per
forming a part traditionally taken by
Dr. T. L. Hill. "An important feature. of
the evening was the presentation by
Commodore W. G. Morrow to the Val
lejo Yacht and Boat Club of - a large
hammered copper punch bowl, silvered
inside and with- a silver ladle, in ac
knowledgment of the kindnesss.of the
club to visiting San Francisco.yachts
men. "Judge" Brown, on behalf of the
Vallejo Yacht Club,. accepted the hand
some gift and made an excellent re
sponse. ¦ ' ' - ' * • ¦ ' ;._ i ¦ '. . : .
The day set for the opening of the
bridge for the yachts to pass into the
waters of the lagoon at Tiburon is No
vember 13. It seems, however, likely
that several yachtsmen will seek quar
ters for their yachts elsewhere .for the
coming winter season. It is said that
the current runs through, the new Bel
vedere bridge so strongly that only a
short period of slack water is left for
the boats to pass in at the entrance.
Some of the yacht owners, unwilling to
take the risk 9! damaging their craft,
'may decide to lay them up in Corte
Madera Creek.
To-night the closing entertainment
of the season will be ' given in ; the
quarters of the California Yacht Club
on Oakland Creek. To-morrow the
last cruise of the season will be made,
under signal from Commodore G. M.
Shaw's yawl. Idler.
The closing cruise of the season will
be taken to-morrow under orders
from Commodore Jennings. As the
tide runs out from 10:42 a. m. till 4:53
p. m. at Fort Point to-morrow the
Speedwell will set a course to - the
upper bay, going up on the end of the
flood and returning on the ebb. This
is the last scheduled cruise of the sea
son for the Corinthians. . . ._ '
After the arrival from this city of
the 6:30 p. m. ferry-boat at Tiburon
this evening the regular Corinthian
dinner will be served In the club
house, under the efficient supervision
of Port Captain John H. Keefe. When
the jolly tars have disposed of the
corned beef, beans and other nautical
foods they will adjourn to the main
hall, where . Frank Thompson and
many other old favorites will give, a
jinks.
Likely LooHng Lot
BUTTE BOUNDS
ARE HERE.
CORINTHIANS
AT THE LAST
JINKS OF '04
This week one or two significant
changes, which will probably be per
manent, have taken place. R. A.
Thompson, who has been playing
tackle, was put back into his old posi
tion of Tight guard a few days ago. He
was an efficient tackle, but it is thought
he will be more valuable in his former
place, where his weight and experience
will be of assistance toan inexperienced
center such as the cardinal will have.
Shields is playing "steadily at his old
position of left tackle. C. E. Hyde, who
was out of the game -for two week*
with a bad knee, is playing again. He
is making the strongest race for the
contested center rush position.
The coaches have devoted consider
able time this week to trying out all
available punting material. Dole, Sprott
and Trowbridge have made the best
showing in this feature. The former
two show about equal ability, and It is
yet doubtful which one will be depend
ed upon for kicking in the big game.
Should both of them receive Injuries
sufficient to put them out of the con
test Trowbridge will be a strong man
to fall back upon.
Scrimmage work between the two
squads opened early. in the week, with
general lack of spirit and dash, but im
proved steadily during the last few
days. As a rule the second eleven has
made a better showing than its more
experienced opponent. .The varsity has
scored each afternoon, but only after a
hard struggle. Thursday's practice
showed a marked Improvement in the
first team's interference, which had
been poorly organized up to that time.
This improvement is attributed to the
night signal practice in the gymnasium,
a feature of training - introduced by
Coach Lanagan Wednesday. A half
hour after dinner will be devoted to
this Indoor work every day henceforth.
This system was employed last year
with great" success.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 28.—
With the Intercollegiate championship
game only two weeks off, the Stanford
gridiron squad is scarcely as efficient as
should be expected so late in the sea
son. Most of the rudimentary points
of the game the men have mastered
well, but in speed at advancing the ball
and cleverness at defense the varsity
team has not responded to its coaching
as readily as it should.
It is a part of Coach Lanagan's pol
icy to not actually organize his varsity
eleven until a few days before the final
game. As a consequence the players
are still being shifted back and forth
between first and second squads, and
the so-called varsity team is seldom the
same as on the previous day. Judgment
of the team's strength Is thus rendered
uncertain.
At ends, Henry, Howard. Elliott,
Oliver and Caminetti will all get a
chance. Howard played tackle on last
year's varsity and Oliver is a second
eleven man.
Heine Heitmuller and Jim Force at
tackles are both sure of their positions,
as there is no one who can compete
¦silth them. They have improved all
season.
The fight for quarter is still more in
teresting. Belknap, the famous little
quarter, who played on the Dartmouth
te&m that defeated Harward 9-0 in
1900 and again in 1901. is on the field
and Kittrelle and Booth both have to
hustle. Bclknap's interference is su
perb and his generalship seldom faul
ty. 'Whitman, a sophomore, is making
these men fight hard also. His work
in the game with Oregon raised him a
notch ii. the fight.
Captain Stroud will hold down the
center position with Stern. Gray and
Haffey as guards. Stern is the heav
iest man on the line and has great en
durance. It is probable that Gray and
Haffey will divide up one guard posi
tion.
Back of the line are twelve men, none
of •whom can be sure of a place and all
of whom are likely to play. At full.
Lasater and Boynton have distanced
all competitors. Both men are fierce on
bucks. Lasater has a fine hurdling
habit which makes great gains, but
which lays him out quickly. Boynton
5s as fierce in his center drives and
keeps his feet better than his competi
tor. Both men have been good for five,
ten and even fifteen yards through any
team against which the blue and gold
has lined up this year.
. At halfback California has six re
liable men who can be counted on.. Of
these Sperry. the big freshman, is the
most reliable. He is the heaviest of
the six and has more endurance. Kern
Is fast on end runs, as is Graves, but
both men will not last Ions. White
and Mead are both good players. Mead
is especially strong in backing up the
line and running interference, and
White's long suit is * uckin;, through
tackle or center. Olie Snedigar is on
the field again and in condition and it
eeems there is nothing the big half
can't do. His last two nights' practice
on the squad has proved how irresist
ible his bucks and end runs are. There
is little doubt that all six of these men
will play seme time at half in the big
game.
Dr. Frank Simpson, who played
tackle on the *96 and '97 varsity and
•who coached the plucky little team
that defeated Stanford 2-0 in 1901, is
helping Hopper on the field. He is
giving his attention to the tackle po
eition. With Greisburg working at
center and guards, Kerfoot taking
care of the quarter position and Mini
and Hopper at work on the ends and
backs, the blue and gold has the larg
est board of coaches it has had in the
history of football.
This -e the reason so large a number
of good individual players has been
developed at Berkeley this year and
:*itb such efficient team wprk.
BERKELEY. Oct. 28. — From pres
ent indications it Eeems the team that
-will represent the blue and gold
against the cardinal on November 12
will consist of twenty-two or three
men instead of eleven.' Coach Hop
per has developed that number of
men and it is certain he will spare no
men in the fray, as he has plenty and
to spare. Berkeley's tactics in the
big game this year will be to play
hard and fast and use all their men
if necessary.
Old Players
Are at Work
as Coaches
MANY MEN TRIED
Varsity Team
Is in State
of Selection
LACK CLEVERNESS
Blue and Gold
Squad Strong
Numerically
Cardinal Men
Do Not Show
Brilliancy
DUCKS RETURN IN NUMBERS
TO FAVORITE MARSHES.
CANDIDATES FOR HONORS
ON THE FOOTBALL FIELD
BEING SEVERELY TRIED
HARD WORK FOR GIANTS OF GRIDIRON AT THE COLLEGES
THE v: SAN, FRANCISCO:; CALL", SATURDAY. OCTOBER ;29;: 1904;
10Walcott Hel<L for Manslaughter.
Doping of Doge and Police Judges.
"It Is ; not that I ' bate ye that I bats ye.
bat because 1 have the aathorlty over ye"
U applied to the park police tn this week's
Xews Letter and editorially explain * why < It
might well apply to some of the officers at
Golden Gate Park.
The dopias of docs - at Inxleside Counm*
Park and - the aiders and abettors of this
scheme of pilfering tie public by Illegitimate
means is an Issue the News Letter offers to
prosecute to a finish. - — ,»
- The brandishing of "stink pots" between the
Bulletin and the Leader will interest • the pub
lic generalty.iMBSPV ¦ » "^BlMMMHl
Tte society new» ot the News Letter Is ex
clusive as well as Um * foreign and - political
opinions ot able ' writers. .- • - -
Waterloo cup: Semi-final round — Celtic beat
Stylish ; Lady; Keeley's ' Malt ' beat * Lancashire.
Deciding course— Celtic beat Keeley's Malt.
. .Waterloo . stake: . Semi-final round — Man-is
Clair beat Colonial Girl; Queen. Busbman with
drawn. Peerless Beauty a bye. Deciding course
— Marvis Clair beat Peerless Beamy.- ». ¦ .• - :
; - .Waterloo ; plate: ;u- Semi-final - round— Lord
Bluff . beat i Kokomo; . Lady ; Limnore beat Win-
Btcn.'S Degataa-[cour«e— Lord Bluff beat Lady
FRIEND, Neb., Oct. 28.— Marvis
Clalr, ; a" greyhound owned .by ] T>.
Carter* -of 'Cottonwood Falls,'; Kans.,
won'the^Waterloo stake"; Lord Bluff,
owned by * L." F. "Bartels of Denver,'
took the Waterloo! plate; and.the^Wa
terloo cup .went ; to ; Celtic, the prop
erty; of ,f", Blake ; &'« Smith of Butte,
Mont.!. To-day's summaries:
Waterloo Cup for Celtic.
SIXTH RACE — Three-year-olds and np- one
mil* and seventy yards: . -
Betting. Horsa-.WeUht. Jockey. St. % Fln
3 to 1 — Tottenham. 1M> (McUn) 3 ;u 1 nk
8 to 1— Tom Mankina.ins (McMn> « I 3 21
3 t» 1 — Turramto. 10ft rTo»m)r);..!7-:S 11435 :
Time, 1:47. -Start rood. Won drtvinir Win
ner. J. R. CrokeT'i ch. f. (3) by . Eiistaa-Vo
ealetta. Botmtlful W, Easter Watt-rs 95.
Lemon Girt 10O.- Bradley BilUlOO, Bill Rle»
95, Lyrist 10O. gam Steven* 95, Keo^h 105,
.finished as' named.'SU&fl . •
F1TTH RACE — Three-year-olds - and • up;
seven furtocrs:
Bettin*. - Horse. Weirht- Jockey. St. «" Fin.
4 ta 1— St-DanleL- 10^ (MeMitln) 4 1141 C
5 to 2— Tom.Knirht.inS IMcUn) 5 22. 2 S
30 to 1— Missile, 103 (Thoraer) . . . 2 S H 3 1
Time. 1 1:2»H- SUrt fair. Won - drivinir.
Winner. F.-"A. ' Gay's b. h. (4> by j Standrom-
Dantella. Flacstaff 0$. John Doyle 1<X%. Pom
¦pejr 10<X Frank Rice IDS. Kin* Fox IX ICO. Ma
doc 95, Ladas 110. Imboden 103, finished as
named.
NEW. YORK. Oct. 28.— Frankie
Neil,' the American bantam-weight;
who ', was - defeated for the title of
¦world's i. bantam-weight; champion^ by
"Joe" Bowker, the- English 'champion,
was a > passenger^- on .¦ the White Star
liner^ Baltic, which "» reached here tor
day. - Neil was much cast down . by his
defeat j arid expressed himself in bitter,
terras at ; the 'treatment accorded him
by",, the 'referee in his contest .; with
Bowker. r " He declared . he was deUber
atelyi' robbed.-^- Twice = the referee
warned i him, he said, because he had
bored iri.- and '^was i punching ;' Bowker
at dose quarters. In ; the" eighth round,
when :the {referee threatened to * dis-'
qualify .him, Neil said. he. wanted ?to
quit.; ;.- -. .'. Sj'i 1 -* . , ,- . •¦ ; ' ~~~'
'-.- ? "Nb ,boy ; has a chance ; of :. beating
Bowker ;.i before ; the ", National : Sporting
Club," ; said';Neil, Vbut i If j 1^ can ' Induce
him ito ; come to , this; country.^ I Vwill
flghtjhim :for \ 11*0,000 ;|a side. -I am
going :) to . my ;h6me^ in v California'; on
Sunday to rest- '¦;[ I want ;to meettBow
ker":a(g;ain.\ If he ; refuses; I will retire
from' the ringr." •. , . r .' ; .
Offers Bmvker a Return, Match for a
$10,000 Side Bet in This'"
/ Country.
BTANPORD UNIVERSITY, Oct-'SS.
The Unlrersity of Oregon football
eleven will meet the Stan ford 'varsity
?o-morrbw afternoon and from all* in-
_The Pomona Colle'ge, men arrived
this afternoon and did some practice
work to-d^ay. Those In the team are
as follows": Captain McConnick, Tan
cetnan. Kepner, Nalle, Lult, Handel,
Moorman. Taylor, Metcalf, . Voorhees,
Frtsbie. Spurgeon. Smith, Chisholm
an'd'Wharton.
Fullbacks. Lasater, Boynton; halves, j
Mead. White, kern. Graves, Snedigar; !
quarterbacks, BeUcnap. Booth, Kit
trelle, " Whitman; center, Haffey;
paa.r«ls. Gray, Stem;, tackles. Heit
mulier. Force; ends. Howard, Henry,
Oliver, Elliott, Gimineui.
J BERKELEY. Oct. 28.— r The \-arsIty
football team ,is to meet the' -crack
Pomona College eleven from Southern
California on the campus f# 2d , to
morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock. The
gam«? Is expected to give observers a
better line on the condition of. the
varsity men than any contest hitherto
seen at the university. The southern
ers are known to be fast, clever and
not' lacking in weight.
Captain Stroud will not txrln the
game to-morrom-, his place at center
being taken by Haffey. Sperry, still
among the disabled. Is not to. play.
The'vareity line-up will be as follows:
; FOURTH RACE — Three-year-olds and np;
six and -a half furlongs: ¦¦•'
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Gay LUzetl*. 102 (Lee). A 3 3UI h
10 to 1— Malster, 107 fUcMtlUln) 4 5 5 2 U
2O to 1— Blytheness..- 92 <Dtekson> 1 lh SI
Time. ; 1:21 *i. Start good. Won -driving.
Winner. A. Motlnelli's ch.;f. (3> by Owary'or
St- GaJUen-Uxzette. Anne Davis 102. -Felix
Maizes 106. Byron Rose 107, Pinochle 100, fin
ished* as named. ' . .
FRAXKlE-'XElTi DECI^ARES
HE WAS UNJUSTLY TREATED
, Preliminary . round— E. P. Robblrs'and'.W.
Johnson.. <30) ¦ vs." ¦ H. : Rolfe and H. " Schmidt
(owe 15)^ IIJHWM»<) I "1J"I|".»"VI MIM" ,'i" '
:. First * round ' (upper half) — H. Long and '. G.
Janes (owe 13). vs. G. Busch and 8. H. Adams
(owe .< 15) ; H. . Spring and G. Cutler (30) -.,*«.
Lund and Thome (30 2-6): W. S. MacGavIn
and J. D." MacGavin (scratch) vs.'.W.. Knowl
ton, and A. * Ames . (30) : ' C. . G. . Kuehn and . B.
Nourse,: (scratch) vs. winner of preliminary
round match- ' .. : . .' * ;.
First ; round ¦ (lower half>— C. . Gardner and
"W. B. . Collier (owe ; 15) vs. S. . Salisbury and
P Jones (owe 15); A. Beyfoss and G. Fuller
(4.6'of :i5):vs.'B. Ivancovich and B. Wallace
(30) ; H. .- Jones ; and J. , Shaughnessy (15) vs.
M. • Long - and - A.V: Kenyon , (2-« of : 15); Dr.
Noble and W. Murphy (30) vs. B, Cornell and
C. J.' Smith (owe 15). j - -
Seventeen teams entered the handi
cap* tennis tournament to be played on
the 'California Club courts to-morrow.
The drawing resulted as follows: :
Tennis Teams . in ' Tournament."
TWO FOOTBALL GAMES TO-DAY.
THIRD RACE — Two-year-olds: fire and a
half furlongs:
Betting. ¦ Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St- ' *i Fin.
7 to 10— OI. Burnett. 10© <McLtn> 4 3 4 1 h
12 to 1— Kathryn L. 100 <Lee)..'3 lh 2 H4
4 to 1 — Bessie Me. 105 <Scutly). 2"HJJI
Time, l:10*i. »=tart good. Won driving.
Winner. S.' B. Bamett & Co.' a b.' f. by
Prince Plenty-Bella F. AnnSsqnam 100. Clara
Dee 105. finished as named.
Fifth raee.".thirteen-sixtenth3 of a mile. •ell-
Ing— Mint Bed 102. Tom Manklns 102. Zutaa
ICO "Always Faithful ICO. One More 100 Crim*
ICO. Baggerly 99. Sweet Note 95. Tottenham &-"*.
Sixth race, mile and 70 yard* selling — Iver
ni» 106. Miss Manners 106. Mlndora 103. San*
Craig 1C3 Ingolthrift 100, Maxiin 1W, Lasso
10O. Stand Pat 1GO. ' Sambo 10O. -
- SeTenth racv, ene and three-stxteenth mile*,
selling— Pathos 104. Burke Coekraa 1*2. Barca
99. SewmJ Mate ». Frank Rice 99. Bengal.
9* Kingstelle 9^.- Compass 9*1. Oeonrs VlTtan
»,l Lemon Girl S7. Imboden i*\ Amberlta 9»X
Fourth, race. on« and a sixteenth miles,
handicaps — Ad«a 119, Preteastoo 117. Labtn
111. Mi** Mae Day 1CS. Footlights' FaTorlt*
107. Mafalda 101. Flora WUIbu?hby 92. Maia
vpring «4. (Lu bin and Mlas Mae Day. Elliott
entry.) MMWIHMWg
Third rac*. sfct furlor.?*. purse— Jung!» Imp.
108 Kcrea 106. Pa3Str« 105. Cashier 103. Tar.
tan" 103. Dromlo tOS. Sand Bath 108. The Ey«
106. St. Floor 103. Dare Stahl 100. Aaadarco
100. '^0ISBMBP0VMMMHM«H|
Second* race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile,
selling — Laura Hunter 110, PubacJor 110. King's
Charm 1C8. Thlsbe 106. St. Winefr-d« 105,
D"Arcy 105. Howling Derrish 106, .Lady
Churchill 106.. Eleanor Howard 106. Matt '{Tad
leigh 10O. Major Carpenter H «>. Pilgrim Girl
ICO. iUTII'jil'#ll | «ll>ll|LiriiillllBl"'i*>liP^H
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 23. — The entries
for to-morrpw's races at Delmar track
follow:
First- race, thirteen-sixteenth* of a mile."
selling — Banquet 106; Jennie Hughea ICC. Flyer
105. FttxbrUlax 103, Laura Belle 10C Coreen
103. Fh.rt ICO. June Collins 10O. Ledabell* 1> o.
Tnbea 100. Pepper Dick ICO. Caelana 10O.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
SECOND RACE— Four-year-olds and op; one
and a sixteenth miles: ' '
Bettlnr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. '% -Fin.
4 to 6— Joe Lesser. 1()« (McLhln) 9 " 1 1«1 1
¦ 6tol — Tangible. 99 (Conway)... 6 2 »4 2 1
10 to 1— Pierce J. 107 (Young)... 3 52 3 2
Time, 1:43 «4. Start g»<od. Won easily. Win
ner. C. E. Patterson & Co.'s b. g. <«> by TYhit
ney-Hermle. ¦ Drummond 89,- KmgsteU* 8©.
Leenja 1W. Guadalquivir 99. Second Mate 102.
Judze Cantrlll 1C4, finished as named.
Elm Ridge .Racing Results.
KANSAg CITY. ilc. Oct. 2S-— Elm Ridge
racing -results: ' .
First race, six furloruw — Van Ness .won,
Rebo second, Joe Goss third. Time. 1113*4.
Second race five furlongs — Doctor C won,
Martin Doyle second, itary Primm third.
Time. 1:01%. -
.Third race, one and' an eighth mile* — Golden
Mineral won. Princess Tulane second. , Harbor
third. - Time. l:53Vs-
Fourth v race, six . furlongs — Fleetwood won.
Envoy second. Capltanaxo third.- -..Time. 1:13%."
- Fifth race, one mile — Dungannon won. West
ern Duke second. Blue Grass Girl third. Time,
1 ' 4ft H TflWIJ6H | W 1 'iMrwl ll 0'T 1 ' ' l TP | ift'" 1| i)MHtr illr FH>l
. Sixth race,-, five and a half . furlongs — Patsy
Brown won." Our Sally second. Waterspout
third. Time. 1:08.
The football teams of Mission and
Lowell High Schools- played off yester
day their tie game of a week ago. The
game resulted in an easy victory, for
Mission: The score was IS to 0. La.«t
week the same teams -played a no
score game. The teams were more
evenly matched than the score would
Indicate. Mission, besides outplaying
Lcwell. had al! the luck; Lowell
fumbled constantly and Mission nearly
always got the ball.
'Captain Cerf of Lowell was the only
man on his team who did much. He
was given the ball on almost every
play and at first gained his yards. He
soon got tired and with him used up
it was easy for Mission. Terrlll was
the- star of - the Mission team and
gained most of thsir ground. La Coste
also did good work and kicked all
three goals. Mission "scored once in
the first half and twice in the second.
The teams lined up as follows:
Lowell. Position. - Mlaelon.
Brignoll L. E R ..;. Peeler
I>"Prey ...X. T. R... .......... Voorhies
Z* Te * .-L. G. R..... -..Stafford (C.)
Fuller ...Center Trenton
Boston R. O. L Sutton
Tlscoreia ....R. T. L Fisher
£¦="** R- E. L ,. Fryman
Roncovieri... Quarter . Lowrie
Cerf (C.) L. H. R. .:...... ...l.TerriH
Flma R.H. L.'
Cook Fullback ...T; La Coete
Score — Mhwion 18, Lowell 0. "
dicatlons the game will be one of the
fastest of the season. *
The team, that will represent Stan
ford to-morrow is the strongest of the
season and is practically the same as
will go in the contest with California!
The line-up is as follows:
Stanford. ' Positions. . Oregon.
Clark...... L. E. R...: ..Chandler
Fr>rott...... V. T. B^ Ea r i
Thompson L^G.. R. ".» . . , . .F. Templetoa
Hyde....:....... Centar y....... McClaln
Rocsevelt. :..:... R. G. L,'.:. ....:.:. .Hammond
Shields .- R. T. L ..Amspeiier
West...........;.R- E. L........;.. ...Moore.
Baneback Quarter ..-.:..... Latourette
Dale L. H. R.— ,J. Texnpletoa <C>
Chalmers.... ..\..R. H. L..".. Gray
Weller. . .". ..... .'. Fullback ... ....... . . .' Kerron
Referee — W. T. Reid Jr. 1 Umpire — Major CoK
lln«. Tlmexeep«r— M. J. Bartell.
The Supervisors' joint Committee on
Police and Judiciary concluded Its in
quiry yesterday into charges made by
Dominick Shannon ag&tnst the conduct
of coursing at Ingleside Coursing Park.
David Dillon, former director of the
coursing, association, said the dogs
could be tampered with and the man
agement not know ft. Dillon said he
had left the association because of
Shannon's way of running things to
suit himself when he was manager.
Jerry O'Shea. who was questioning
Dillon, stated he wanted to go into the
affairs of the park running back ten
years in order to show that "Shannon
was not the angel he represented him
self to" be."
Thomas Foley said he had never seen
anything wrong at the park. 1 ..
J. A. Welch, a former field steward,
said whenever there was the least sus
picion of dogs being drugged bets- were
declared off- and the- offenders were
summarily dealt .with, two of them
having been ruled '.off for life. In re-'
sponse to Shannon's question, Welch
said he had heard Chief Field Steward
Julian once say he had found, "dope"
pills in O'Shea's kennels. Welch . also
said he had seen dogs staggering about
the field, but did not know from" what
cause. " ; " ¦* •'"' '
Thomas' Murphy said he had a sus
picion dogs were "doped/'but had never
seen it done." He had often found fault
with the ruling of the Judges. He had
never seen women in | the'betting* ring.
Murphy admitted he had told Shannon
it was a shame the. way the dogs were
run and that . his - ¦¦ was _•¦ being
taken away from him. Murphy said he
had seen ; dogs die, but not : In a ' short
course, and that many peopled had be
seeched, Shannon" to .put a- stop to," the
"doping" of ' dogs. Shannon said, that
there" wasVmqre "doping** in J the/ last
year than ever before. / '
"I would'. like' .to haverMr. Shannon
put on the stand," said O'Shea, Vhe",be^
ing the . father of. coursing.' "V
. "I. couldn't : afford *tq father . your
coursing," said Shannon. ...
• Responding to - O'Shea's '; questions,
Shannon said: ' ". .. ' " >- .
IThe/ men who .'handled, your -. dogs
were, engaged because of their efficiency
In .'doping.' . Tour dog Golden ; Rule was
carried '? off i the field and" died shortly
'after.". : : '^>':- ¦¦¦ \' : ' ''''¦' '¦' V; *>:^:
;O'Shea charged that now that; Shan^
ndn was" out of the [ park 1 1 ~was 'a\case
of '; Vrule or r ruln'' ; .with ,1 him," and ; he
could *; do neither. . He j denied ': his r dog
.was)ldDed;b*y7drul^.'^6/Shea"Midfthat
only two dogs hid : died,] and r not;eVgrht;
as Shannon had alleged, ,¦ and these two
had died from broken necks. O'Shea
tried to prove. that two of Shannon's
dogs had died,- but Shannon said they
died after he had sold them to others.
The committee Questioned J. M.
Leary, manager of. the Vienna Model
bakery, as to Samuel Raguet's charge
that he had been dismissed from his
place as a ...waiter in the. restaurant be
cause he had . testified against the
coursing park. Leary said Raguet was
discharged because the other, waiters
talked with" him on the subject and
on that account , were inattentive to
their duties.. No .influence had been
brought by the coursing people. to com
pel Raguet's dismissal, Leary said.
; At ". this point Shannon and O'Shea
submitted their cases. Shannon said
he "had proven that things were being
dishonestly conducted at the park.
O'Shea said Shannon had not proved
his charges and' was, actuated by per
sonal SPite. Thejcommlttee took , the
matter under advisement.
Petitions signed , by a large number of
property owners ,and residents in the
vicinity of the coursing park" were filed
asking that the park be closed on the.
ground that it was a menace and a
nuisance. . ;
CINCINNATI. Oct. 28.— Latonla results:
First race, seven furlongs — Lustig . won;
Taxman second. Red. White and Blue third.
Time. 1:27%.
Second race, one mile — Glenwood won. Pro
fessor Neville second. Tellfare third. Time,
1:41%. •
Third race, six furlongs — Good Cheer won,
Jake Greenberg second, ThaT Crisis third.
Time. 1:13%.
Fourth race steeplechase, short course —
Thorn Hedge "won. Sam • Parker second. Peck
Time third. Time. 3:02»i-
Fifth race ! one and an eighth miles — Barney
Burke won. Annie Williams second. Easy
Trade third. -Time, 1:54^.
Elxth race, five and a half furlongs — Fire
ball won. Bowling Bridge second. Monaco
third. Time. 1:07%.
Racing at Latonla Track.
ST. LOUIS, -Oct- 28. — Gay Uzzette
won to-day's feature event from the
odds-on choice. Anne Davis, and a
fine field of sprinters. Form players
fared well. The weather was clear
and the track fast. Attendance 3000.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Two-year-olds; five and a
half furlones: :' . .
Betting. Hors*. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
6 to 1 — Aspatta. 93 (McLaughlin) 1 13 is"
9 to 5 — Dorothy Dodd.100 (Astin) 2 -3 \V,Z- ¦
4 to 1— Ethel's Prtde.85 tDlckscn) 5 62 3 U
Tim«. l:O»tt. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. M. Curl's b. f . by Lieb«r Karl-
Minty Gore. Telephone Bell* W. Stella 9O.
Lady Sellers 95. Flying Fire 85. Mamie Lynch
104. Betty Gold 95. Makalna 05. finished as
named. -.
Fast Sprinters.
She Gallops Away From a Field of
GAY LIZZETTE IS THE STAR.
eighteen Points Are
Scored in a Hard
Fought Game.
Committee oi SnpcrYisors Thrash pot Matter Thoroughly
and Will Make Report to the Board.
SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; all
ages; handicap: ¦ - ¦• . - -
Betting. HorsJ. "Weight. Jockey. St. f 4 Fin.
1.1 to 0— LttUe Em. 119 (Lyne)... 1 11 12:
5 t o "—Sid C. Love, 11* (Hlld» 4 4 3 2 h
15 to 1— Sonoma Belle.ll3(Cochrn) 5 2 3 3 8
Time 1 :53 3-5. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner W Lakeland's ch. f,/ by Gold Crest-Roee
ban. Jame» F. Ascetic. Proceeds. Dalesman.
Brunswick, finished as named.
Sixth rac-. cne and a. half miles — Bert Chanca
1C2. Excentral 78, La Chaperone 81. Berry
Waddell 81. CharUe Miller 35. Dutiful S<J. 9cor
tic 89. Sunny Shore S3. Bonntellthe 89. Para
mount 82. Nlaxus 92. Treacy 94. Uttle Elkin
9«> Satire 87, The "Way 99.
Fifth rare, six furlongs, handicap — Capitaxto
SO, Chamble« S3. Sincerity Belle 80. Ctx-ar
Lighter 90. CBga«nen 90. Ahola 90. Den Domo
90. Pos»ur 10a New Mown Hay 100. Gotdrn
Rule 100. Nannie Hodgp OS. Iran the Tferrtbl*
102. Rusk 10&. Mayor Johnson 107. (Sincrity
B--iI» and dgar Lighter. Miller entry; Xew
Mown ' Hay and GoMen Rale. Darnell entry;
Nannie Hodge and Ivan the Terrible, D&rdea
entry.) ¦ -
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth milesi han
dicap — Four Leaf C 8*>. Ahola 0<>, Haads Across
S6. New Mown Hay 97. Rankln 85, Huxzah !*>»
Ananias 102. Lady Jocelyn ins. (Rankin ami
Huzzah. Arthur entry.)
Second race, six furlongs, purse — Midge 97.
Flight 97. Mon Amour 97. Truffle Hunter 97.
Broadway G!rl 37. Downpatrfck 10O. Scotcil
Irish 10O. Dixie Lad 10O. Kentcn 10P. Dr.
Lergo m». The Gadfly 10^- Platoon 102. Logl
stelia 102. Pancreatia 106, Gold Enamel ili
Co'onel Ruppert 112.
Thirf racev one mil*, the Chicago" Ridge
handicap— Dixie Lsxl 92. Dr. Leggo 0>\ f.:g
Beach 100. Palm Tree ICO. Matador Ittt.
Michael Byrnes 100. Flaxman llX^Monte 112.
Cigar Lighter 112. Oold Enamel 113. (Dr.
Leggo and Big Beacb. Wilson entry; Clg*-
Llshter and Gold Enamel. Miller entry.)
CHICAGO. Oct. 23. — The entries for
to-morrow's races at Worth track fol
low:
First rac*. cne tni!». selling — VoiSa ICO. Ra
bocta 105. Midgore 1C». Mezzo 1C5.- Ethel Ab
bott 1C5. Foxmead. U-5, Karney 10.^4. tlrneat
Parhaa 10$. Aana Beall 113. Ethel Scro;j?*
113. Jlsger 113. M&rshaUea. 113, Rachgar lXk
Bank Street 113, W. J. Debce 113. Bard ot
Avon 115.
END COURSING INVESTIGATION
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin
12 to 5— Docile, 85 (Aubuchon). .. 7 12 14*
I£>to5— Arab, 83 (Lannozn) 4 3 4 2h
6 to 1— Barkelmore. 105 (Hoffmn)lO 5 3 3 4
,Time, 1:47 4-5. Start good. Woo easily. Win
ner, Lockart Bros." br. f. (3) by St. Blaise-
Docility. Chanterelle 107. Lampoon 104, Royal
Pirate l(tt. Gilfairn 107. Hot 1C2. Blue Mint
107 and Silvermeade 98 finished as named.
WORTH ENTRIES.
MISSION'S COLORS
WAVE IN TRIUMPH
OVER LOWELL TEAM
Proves Too Speedy for the Men From
v This City.
SEATTLE, Oct. 28.— Willie Hogg
ESTATE APPRAISED.— The estate of Ed
ward L. Montgomery has .been appraised " at
$31,261; the chief Items being $14,000 worth
q£ realty and ten promissory notes for )1000
each, secured : by electric light plants at Co
quille City and Myrtle Point, Or. ;
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
'purse; maiden fillies, two-year-olds: .
Betting. Hon*. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
3 to 1 — Sheen, 10» (Hlldebrand).. 6 4 *; 1 h
9 to 2— -Witch Hazel. 109 (Collins) 1 2 *i 2 3
5 to 1 — My Boela. 109 (Lyne> 2 1 3 3 S
Time. 1:W. Start fair. Won driving. Win
ner Goughacres Stables' br. f. by Atheling-
Lustre. Novena." Raiment. Black Cat, Isma
llan. Mettle, Long Days. Small Lady. Linda
Rosa Apple Blossom, Belle of Manhattan.
Orellka. finished as named.
HOGG OUTPITCHES BARBER.
FIFTH RACE — Seren furlongs; three-year
olds and us; oarse:
B«tting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. £ Fin.
6 to 5 — Floral Klng.lll <RmnlliY 2 13 14
7 to 10— Big Ben. 123 < Prior)... 3 2 2U2 4
60 to 1— G.Heldorn.101 (Mclntre) 1 3S* 310
Time. 1:2« 2-5. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. H. Gardner's br. c. (3> by Giganteum-
Raaa Reglna. Hamey 106 also ran.
CHALLENGER FOR THE CHAM
PIONSHIP READY FOR A SWIM
-IN THE BAT. -»:,_.•.
FOURTH EACE---©ne and a sixteenth miles;
the Sayvlll* selling stakes; three-year-olds:
Betting. Horw. Weight, Jockey. St, % Fin.
1C to 5— Cbainplain. 06 (Travers). .3 2 1^11
60 to 1— Palette. 03 (Notter) 4 1*4 2 1
5 to 2— Gftmiih.101 (Hlldebrand) 2 3. fe 3 h .
Time. 1 1:47 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. F. Farrell's b. c by Gonxalvo-LUIlan
Belle. Canteen. Seymour, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
mile*: four-year-olds and up; selliss;: -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 2— Ethylene. 10* <Aubuchon) 5 1 «' 1 «
7 lo 1 — Celebration. ' 110 . (Felcht). - 1 2 2 2 1
~i to 2— Aggie Lewi9.1<0O iRmnlll) 3 3 2 3 4
Time. 1 :46 4-5. Start good. Won in a can
ter. Winner. R. M. Hennessey's b. m. <5) by
Freeman-Ethel Gray. Falerntan 102. Colum
bia Girl 104, Dr. Stephens 107 and Carat 1C3
finished as named.
THIRD RA^E — Six furlongs; two- year- olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
6tol — Javenaga, 104 (Schilling). 7 5 1 lh
5 to 1— D*Arkle. 109 (Lyne)...... 3 2 2 2h
3 to 1— Fancy Dress. 95 (Crimni). 4 I n 3 lVj
Time, <1U4 1-5. Start fair. .."Won driving.
Winner, J.. L. McGinnls* ch. g. by Juvenal-
Onandaga. Foxy. Dance Music. Sufferance,
Calmness, Belle Dixon, Winchester. Oro. Massa
and Ivanhoe finished as named.
Sixth race, five and a half furlong*, maidea
two-year-olds — Oxford 112. Light Note 112.
Yorkshire Lad 112, Master of Craft 112, Black
Prince 112: Prestige 112. Metropole 112. Yeo
man 112. Supreme Court 112. Salt and P»np«r
1C9, Courier 1C9. Kassit 10», Eccentrical la).#
Goldfleur 109. Red Fcx 1C9. Modest lfc».
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing—Nanuor lo«. Prince Cbing 103. Graving
103, Lord Badg» 102. Arachne U9. Briarthorr>«»
99. Waterford SS. Daisy Green 39, Bar le Duo
97. Midshipman 91.
Third ¦ race, six furlongs. Cutcbcgne handi
cap—-Glorifier 12tS, Pasadena . ll'j. Merry Lark
115. Glen Echo 114. Augur lit*. Dandelion
1W. Gamara 104. Bl-ocher 1*52, Austin Allen 06.
Fourth race, cne and a sixteenth mile*, tho
SouthoM handicap — OrraOnd^a Right 113. High
Chancellor 11*. Grenade HO. Orthodox l«». De
Reszke 1C9. St. Vale-itine 1C5. Ase«n»loB 1»:4.
Crown Prince 97, Agile 95, Cairsgcrm 9J Is
raelite 92. New -Torlr 9O.
First race, six rnricngs. hanaivay — Aaceti
aton 12t>. Monet 114. New York luO. Eacutch
•on 1OT. Augur 110. Btucber 1«S-
Seccod race, one mile and seventy yards.
selling — Stolen Momenta 11O. Xarotor 10S. Lord
Badge 1C2. Homestead 101. Topic 9». Tht*t!e
Heather »S. Hydrangea So.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2S.— The entries
for to-morrow's races at Jamaica fol
low: ,
THIRD RACE — One mile; three- year -cUs
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fln.
5 to 1— Martius. 107 (Aubucbon) 3 2 3 l"nk
13 to 1— Jlngler/ 110 (Lannaa)...13 5 v, 2 nk
11 to 2— Tam O'Shntr. 123 (Trebl) 1 11 31
Time. 1:43 3-5. Start good. Won driving,
winner. ¦ P. ¦ J. Miles' cb, c <3) by Flying
Dutchman-Cadma. Foxmead 10* Jim Hale
119, Zyra. 110. Ethel Scruggs 113 Mamselle
115. Four Leaf C 110. O'Hagen iia Ernest
Parham 113. Rowland 101. Sc Merrylegs 104.
Samelson 144 finished as named.
JAMAICA EXTRIES.
SECOND RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »4 T Fin.
5 to 1— Irish Witch. 106 <Wndrly) 5 4 h 12
9 to 5— St. Valentine. 10S <Rdfrn) 4 3 1^22>4
8 to 2 — Damon. Ill <Lyne) 1 U 31^
Time. 1:47 3-5. Start rood. Won ridden cut.
Winner, J. E. Seagram's b. f. by Blalrfinder-
Hag. Ocean Tide, The Huguenot, Tot San and
Prince Salm Salm finished as named.
Time. 1 :C8 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. S. Kunz's ch. f. by Sabine-Veronlca.
Dixie Andrews 1CS. Jolly "Witch 1C$ SparkliR?
111. Odelot 10S. Ethel Barrymore 1CS. Mlsa
Guns 1C8. Intrigue 1C^. finished as named.
SECOND RACE— Five and a halt furlongs;
two-year-olds: purse: •
.Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fln.
lOtol — La S.i if it te. lltt (Hetgan) 113 12
11 to 3 — Simplicity. 116 (Mclntyr) 4 ¦ 3' b 2 2
11 to 1 — Raviana. 116 (Romaneru)lO S nk 3 1
Portlands Fails to Solve His Curves
\ and Are Shut Out.
PORTLAND, Oct. 28.— -Baum was a
complete mystery to the locals to-day
and as a result Portland received an
other shut-dut at the hands of Los An
geles. Starkells was hit freely and ef
fectively. Manager Butler was ruled
on* the grounds for disputing a deci
sion of the umpire." The game was
called at the end of the seventh inning
oix -account 'of. darkness. Score:
Portland^ — ' « Los Angeles—
AB. R. H. P.A.|, - AB. R. H. P.A.
1 Droen.cf 3 0 0 2 O:Brnard.cf 4 13 0 0
i Hollnd.rf 3 0 0 2 0|Flood,2b 4 112 1
; Xadu. If 3 0 2 2 o:£mith.3b 4 O 1 2 1
¦ Beck. 3b 3 0 2 1 2 Crvth. rf 3 0 1 0 O
Rnkle, ss 3 0 1 0 1 Chase, lb 4 0 18 0
Spncr,2b 3 0 0 0 1 Tornan.se 4 1 10 1
Kellkey.c2 0 0 3 l'Ross. If 4 10 2 0
Davls.lb 2 0 0 10 0 Spies, c 4 1 2 7 1
Strkls. p 2. 0 0 1 4 Baum, p..l .0 0 0 «
Totals.24 0 5 21 9 Totala.32 5 10 21 10
Game called at end of se'ventb inning on
account of darkness.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland : 0. 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits ....010 2 0 0 2—5
Loa Angeles 0 3 0 0 0* 2 0^ — *>
Base hits .- ...1.2 1 1 1 3 1—10
: i- SUMMARY. ,-.;
Errors — Kellackey, Stwkells. Earned runs—
Loa Angeles 2, Stolen base — Bernard. Bases
[on balls — Off . Starkells 2. .Struck out— By
EtarkelU.3. by Baum ". Two-base hits—Ber
nard. Smith.* Left on bases — Portland 3, La*
Angeles 9. Passed ball — By Kellackey 2. First
base on error — Loa Angeles. Sacrifice hit —
Baum. Double play — Baum to Flood to Chase.
Tlnse of fimt-One hour, and 25 minutes. Um
pire — Brown.
Filth race — Tottenham, Tom Man
kins, Mint Bed.
Sfcith race — Sambo, Stand Pat, In
solthrift.
Seventh race— Pathos, Lemon Girl,
George Vivian.
Condition of the track — Fast.
First race — Tribes. Flori, Fitx
brillar. ggHB
Second race — Laura Hunter, Eleanor
Howard, Subador.
Third race — Jangle Imp. St. Flour,
Aiuiilarco.
'Fourth race — Pretension, Aden,
I Flora Willoushby. 0
BAUM PROVES A MYSTERY.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— Bard of Atod. W. J. De.
boe, Foxmead.
Second race — Gold EnameL Colonel
1 ! -ppert, Ixjgistella.
Third race — MlUcr entry, Michael
Byrnes, Monte.
Fourth race — Lady Jocelyn, An
anias, Ahola.
Fifth race — Don. Don in, Ivan the
Terrible. Ro.sk. -
Sixth race — Charlie 3Iiller, Satire,
Little Elkin.
Condition of the track — Fast.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Time. 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. W. M. Zlmmer's cb. f. by Sir Walter*
Mountain Madge. Serenity 104, St. Blue HJO.
Rian 104 Friendless 109 Xanr.aa 105. Myron
dale 99. Fly Lady 90. Belle Dodson 104. PoUc
Miller 1CW. Lady Belair 104, Armorer 107, Hon
est John 112. finished as named.
Stanley Kunz, the West Side Alder
man, uncorked a long shot In the sec
ond race, but to Jockey Helgeseri is
due all the credit of landing La Sagitte
a handy winner at 10 to L After a
delay of five. minutes at the post Hel
gesen beat the barrier with the filly.
Taking advantage of- this handicap he
rode his mount hard all the way, kept
the lead of three lengths to the stretch
and then had plenty left to .stall off
Simplicity's .rush, beating her two
lengths. Summary:
- FIRST RACE— Stz furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
16- to 5— Trossaehs,' 104 < Rabbins) 2 13 15
12 to 1— Trovator,* $» (Wood) 3 2 4 2 3
12 to 1— Lucy E S. 99 (Hoffman) 4 4 n 3 I
CHICAGO. Oct. 23.— A fair sized
crowd was attracted to-day to Worth
track. The feature event, the fifth
race, a seven-furlong purse affair, was
taken by Floral King, second choice
at 6 to 5, which" beat~the favorite. Big
Ben, rather easily. . There were but
four starters and Big Ben was held at
1 to 10 in the betting. The field ran
well bunched all the way until the final
quarter, where Floral King drew away
and won by^half a length.
JAMAICA, Oct.' 28.— Irish Witch,
winner of the second race! did not rank
as a" stake mare during 'the summer
season, j but to-day she defeated three
that did. St. Valentine, Damon and
Ocea'n Tide, .'all. three of which, at the
height of the season, were competing
for prizes -many times-more -valuable
than the byernfghtlevents- which their
owners areglad to run them in.
Damon. made the running, but failed_
to stay the mile ajid the issue was be
tweenvlrish- -Witch- and St. -Valentine.
The 'latter, made his reappearance after
several weeks. ' Irish Witch is owned
by Joseph E. Seagram, owner of Scotch
Plume 'and Cloten, ; both "of whom have
won'at long odds at this meeting.
The only stake on to-day's . card was
the Sayville, at selling allowances.
There was much interest felt in the
perf omiance of Canteen, . as her late
defeat was so complete that few felt
it was her' real form. Apparently It
was, for she ran 'much the same sort
of a race to-day. She was fourth in a
five-horse race. ]The 60 to 1 shot. Pal
ette, made the running for several fur
longs, when Champlain, which was sec
ond, took the lead and won cleverly,
although Garnish, which was third,
was closing fast. Canteen was fourth.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six furlonys; three-year-olds
and up: selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
S to 1— Counterpoise, 106 (Burns). 1 2 Vi 1 1\$
0 to 2— Old England. 95-rCrimns). 2 In 2 1H
5> to 2— Bright and True.lOOtTrvrs) 3 3 b 3 h .
• Time. 1:13 2*5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner,- J. L. Holland's ch. ¦ g. by Batbampton-
Balance II. Dick Bernard. Astarlta, Mimosa,
Blue and Orange. Bonner, Oriskany, Pat Bul
ger and Falrooutn flntsbed as named.
I '"The game "was 'practically"; broken. up
in* the third; Inning^ when 1 ; Mr. -Thomas
'walked; Kruger,* erred on Streib's bafit, |
made ; a 'wild pitch and then 'allowed
Graham. Stark 'and Ganleyto-tear' off.
"hits' fhaX helped; bring the three runs
in.— With this lead the Commuters ac-i
quired several varieties of ginger and
played -rear- basebalL
j Mike Lynch pulled off/a daring steal
for home in the second round. He had
singled and ,'advanced- to'. third on two
outs.- "He 'made a : desperate dash for
the plate," but Thomas, /who was at the
: bat, fouled the next ball ''and spoiled
[^Mike's steal. Mike came right back on
the next -ball pitched and 'this time
Stark 'dropped the ball and the runner
got. away with the tally. Thomas im
mediately struck out. . . .
The Tigers could not get any more
of their men any place near the plate
till the ninth inning. Then Eagan was
passed, Casey doubled to center and
Lynch beat out a bunt. It was a full
house and no one do* n, : making a
swell chance. McLaughlin tapped a
swift one down to Francks and Buck
turned a lightning double play. Eagan
scored, but the lone run did no good. I
The score: -:*
Oakland— ' Taeoma—
AB.R. H. P.A.J AB.R. H. P.Ai
Ganly. rt 4 0 1 4 OiDoyte rf 4 0 0 3 1
Frncks, s3 0 1.4 5 Shehn, 3b 4 0 1 2 2
Dnlvy. If 3 0.0.0 0 J.*niyk.lb 4 O 1.8 0
Schlfly,2b 3 1 0 0 OEann, s3 1-1'2 5
Kruyr, cf 2 1 0 3 Olcasey, 2b 3 O 1 ¦ O 0
Streib. Ib3 1 1 10 l'Lyncis, cf 4 1 2 1 0
Devn,3b4 0 2 0' SISTLrn. If 2 0 0-2 0
Stark, c. 4 1 1 5 liC.Gram.c 4 "0* 0 6 2
O.Grhm.p 3 12 1 2;ThonVis,p 3 0 0 0 2
Totals.29 5 8 27 Ilj Totals. 31 2 6 24 12
RUNS / A>JD HITS BY INNING*.
Taeoma ... 1.0 1 O 0 0 O 0 0 1 — 2
Bast hit» 2 1 0 O 0 0 0 1 2— «
Oakland 0 3 O 0 0 0 1 1 x— 5
Base hit! ..0 3 0 10 0 2 2 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Francks, O. Graham. Error* —
Ncrdyke, Thomas. JIckaughHn. Francka, Strclb.
Two-base hits — Hasan. Stark. ..- Cas^y. Sacri
fice bits — Francks. McLaughlin, Streib. First
base on . errors — Oakland 2, Taeoma 1. First
base on called ball* — Oft Graham 3. off Thomas*
1. Left on bases— Oak'and 5. Taccma 5. Struck
cat — By Graham 6, by -Thomas 3. Hit by
pitcher — Dunleavy. Schlafley. Double play —
Franck* to Streib. Wild pitch — Thomas. Time
of game — One hour and forty- five minuted.
Umpire — Pertne. „ :* ' .
,.;,The Commuters : did not have* to work
overtime to .beat : the.*TIg«rs to the fin-.
isn yesterday at /Recreation Park. It
was"easy -for, them, 'as .Thomas .was a
bit ; foggy in .his delivery; While Oscar
Graham, the famous in and outer/ had
a few v up his 'sleeve that kept wiggling
anid twisting and stopping before they
arrived ! at " the ' plate. '„ " Score: p Oakland
6, Tacoma 2." ; ' ' ~< -'.''¦' */.-$*?7i'' : .i~r L '.
Special- Dlspatcb to Tb« Call,
. ..W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Tacoma ....V3O 33. 602 Oakland 43 40 .518
'Los Argelea.ia 3ft .514 San Fran 3tt 44 .439
(Seattle ~T.f.:.45. 40 .529 Portland ;... 31 32 '.374
Joe Gans* friends are betting on him;
wjsiclx "is taken as -an indication tha{
the lightwelghi champion Is sure of ; hi* '
ability to mate' the "required Weight
tvfcSn he meets Brttt on Monday, night:
The pressure, of : the , G&ns " mbiey - last
ripht snde'hliaan'ito 10 -choice in
the ¦ betting. The -price will be well
spttled to-nigbC as [there is a lot of
money to be bet on each man.'
The Question which is being eagerly
debated is: "Will i * make the
weight and fce etrong?* ' ¦ '¦ j . .!
M onager Willie Brttt . said last night ;
• If I am not satisfied on Sunday that
G.ics can make the weight I will'In
£ st ; on hit present forfeit of $2500 being
increased to $5000 "or $7500. If he ap
pears at tie .LngEjde on Monday night
ovei -eight it will depend on our judg
ment whether we will flght him or not:
Tfce statement that Jimmy would fight
him if he weighed 140 pounds was un
s. thoriied by us. We want to fight
Gans. but this is a business proposi
ticm and we '.rill insist on our rigffts."
Gans is still striving hard to make
the required weight. He has practically
cut out all gymnasium work and spends
most cf his time hitting the high places
of Marin. Many spectators visited the
camp yesterday with the expectation ml
seeing him box. but aU'were sorely dis
appointed. Battling Neison and Otto
Kropf of Milwaukee were among ,the
number. Nelson thinks Britt will win
inside of fifteen rounds.
Joe returned from a ten-mile run at 4
o'clock, perspiring freely but breathing
eably and showing no signs of fatigue.
He repaired to his room and was given
a brisk nibdown. He looks as if every
ounce of superfluous flesh had been
worked off, t>ut still does not look
drawn. As Herford was rubbing down
his protege the champion said, "Oh,
hurry bc. Al; don't you smell the
chicken?" Al replied. "You're, not hun
gry, are you. Joe?" and the dusky boy
replied, "Ain't hungry! Well, you Just
run these reads a few miles and see."
After the rubdown Herford an
nounced that Joe weighed 136 pounds.
Although the battle is but three days
off the weight problem does not seem
to bother Gans. his trainer or his man
ager. The «ise ones are wondering how
the dusky champion is going to make
it, but the colored boy smiles and says,
'"Witch ine."
Jjt. T. A. Rottanri and Dr. Max
Magnus visited Jimxay Britt's training ;
quarters at Croll's Gardens in Alameda
yesterday and made a careful and com
plete medical examination of the little :
fighter. They found him in perfect con
dition. Dr. Rottanzi was enthusiastic
in his admiration of the Britt physique.
Tlie physicians watched Jimmy go
through his stunts in the gymnasium
and pronounced him a speed marveL
Referee Eddie Graney also called en
Eritt and had a thorough understand
ing with him regarding the manner in
m'hich the boxers are to conduct them
stlvea during the battle. Britt agreed
to break clean and protect himself In
the clinches. Joe Gans has. agreed to
do likewise so there is little possibility
of a misunderstanding on this score
when the fighters clash. .
Arsocg the other guests at the Britt
camp yesterday were James Coffroth,
Teddy Murphy, manager of Battling
Nelson, William Broderick, Harry Lord,
a BakersSeld sporting man who is go
ing to wager a sum on Jimmy's
chances, Man&ger and Brother Willie
Eritt and Colonel Martin Brady. The
latter escorted a delegation of ladies,
Tho displayed as much interest " in
Jimmy as if he were a lone man at a
summer resort. Britt went through an
hour's work in the gymnasium for the
estertainment of the ladles and the
largre crowd of other admirers of the
white champion. Wlien he finished his
pjfternoon exercising he weighed 134
Speaking of hi* brother's "condition.
Manager Billy Britt said: "Jimmy has
never been in better fettle in his. life.
There Is not that attenuated appear*
ance about him that was noticeable
when he was in training for some of ,
bis former fights. He is bubbling over ;
with energy and is as frisky as a
panther. He has met with no accident
nor injury in his training and is as fit
as science and systematic . care can
make him. We are not taking any
stock tn the reports that Gans is ex
leriencing difficulty In making 123
pounds. They are given out for the
purpose of influencing betting and
should be assimilated with plenty of
sa!t- M
and Frank Barber had a great pitch
ing battle to-day. Hogg never let up,
but - Barber went . to - the bad in the ;
seventh inning; when he ;walked two
and I hit another. .? Leahy,'- formerly of
San Francisco, got a hit and two-runs
"came in. * Russ Hall's single", Nick Wil-;
Hams' triple ': and -fa.' passed -ball gave
Seattle her pother two. / j . f - <
"Hildebrand's playing at*j short -was
the. fleldingf eature^of the gamjel-I^risk
did good work in doubling .Wheeler at i
second. 'The score: • t -*.'¦ • t { • ; : " 't ,
.-. Seattle— - " ¦¦.• ' ,1 San Francisco — .-¦::'•
¦ ----'.I .AB. R, H.*P-A.f' , --- A8. R. H, P.Al
. Yarr'H.cf •• 4 - 0 ¦:- X 0 O ! HIldcb.es -4 0-0.5-3
Defeh.Zb/4'' OcO-,-4- 1-Meansvrf 4 O 0 20
Smith, rf 3.1' 0,1 Olrwln. Sb.3. 0 1 1- Q
Frfck, If 2 1 2 3. liVan B,lb3 1 .8*8 <T
Leahy/ c 3 0 "1 » '2.Waldn,cf2 . 0 1T1 0
HwltUJb 3 -O- 0 0 UAnd3n.2b,3 0 0.0 .4
Halites' 2' 1 .1' 2 2'Wheelr,lf 3 0 1. 2.0
WUms.lb 3.1' 1. 8 ..' 1-Sbea. c" 3 . 0 -.O" 4 »4
: Hogsr.-..p'3-o:. O ;*i-_ 3;Barber. p 3 ¦ O 0^'l' 3 2
,. Totals 27-4 6 27 "10 1:. '-Totals. 2S I" e 24 IS
RUNS AND HITS . BY' INNING&.,* ~
Seattie ....¦s";;:".. 0- 0 -0 0 (>^2 2 ': 0 x— 4
Base hiw.'.v.... 0,100.1 2 l--lr x— 8
San Francisco. ...OO'OOO 00 O 1 — I
Haw hits... 2 0 0 1 0 O 1.0-2—6
SUMMARY.
• Error "— Frisk. Three-base hit — Williams:
Sacrifice hits — Anderson. Shea. Double play —
Frisk' to Pelehanty. Bases on, balls— Oft Hog?
£ off Barber 2. Hit by pltthed ball— Hall, j
Struck oat— By Hogs 8, by Barber .1. Time of
game— -One. hour and forty minutes. Umpire —
Casidy of Hudson River League, New York.
Pilots La Sagitte Cleverly
to Victory, Leading All
the Way Around Course
. .... STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Condition of the track — Fast.
By the New Tork Momim Telegraph.
First race— Aojrur. Monet. A*cen«
sion.
Seconcl race — Nam tor. Thistle
Heather, Lord Badje.
Third race — Dandelion, Keene entry,
GlenechoT*
Fourth * race — Agile, yew York,
Israelite.
Fifth race— Gravina. 3Lkishlpman,
Xamtor.
Sixth race^-Oxford, Prestige. Goi.i
fluer.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Sixty-to-One Shot, Palette,
Makes the Running, but
Is Outfooted in Rim Home
- ¦- '. »
JAMAICA SELECTIONS.
"Bntt May Demaiid an ; increase in
AmountM FoHeit loiieY.
OUTSIDER IS LANDED
BY. JOCKEY HELGESEN
CANTEEN IS FOURTH.
IN FIVE-HORSE RACE
Graham-Has Too Many /^Weird
V: Twisters'and Curves for
: W TaeomaMen.
Floral King Beats the Fa
vorite Big" Ben Easily at
Worth' in Feature Race
Lands Another Purse at Ja
maica for Joseph Seagram,
the Canadian Eacing Man
SELECTIONS
BY EXPERTS
ON RACING
IRISH WITCH LEADS OUT STAKE HORSES
Jee Ops Is Confident
on the Weight Question
BATS OF JUNGLE IMPS
ARE FULL OF HOLES
AT RECREATION PARK
BETTORS INSTALL JOE GANS FAVORITE IN THE WAGERING
¦i:he san^francisco- gall, v Saturday. October 29/ a9oi:
I Love at first sight Is , a ''case of get-
Jklng stack on the spur of the moment.
. ; It ; seems ; to be" the proper thing ; to .'go
to the : horse Tshow in an automobile.
< ;The^ ' man . who • is ; to ¦ go -to
heaven • alone may find : be is going 1 the
other way. ' ,"'*'._
Oct. 28.— Tommy Ryan
and^Jack^Root were. matched to-night
to fight T ten'Vbunda at. Blue; Island. IIU
onf November '15; -at' 165- pounds.
Ryan and : Root Matched.
BOSTON*. Oct. 28.— Joe Walcott,
the colored 'pugilist, was 'held' for\ the
Grand Jury ;'. to-day ," In $2500 ona
charge of manslaughter- In 'connection
with the death of another; negro, 1 Nel
son Hall, recently. 'jThe'.'pugillst's/rer:
volvef Is, said to have been accidentally
discharged and "a; ball which first went
through • one , of^ Walcott's;. hands,\ badly
Injuring j t, • entered -Hal 1's breaitj caua
ine almost, instant death
11THE SAN -FRANCISCO -GALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1904.
12
EMPLOYMIgT WANTED — Hal* — Con._
YOUNG man. " master 3 languages, able cor-
: responding clerk, fully qualified for position
of .trust and - responsibility, wishes to- lm-
. prove his position. Box 37S3. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED, married farmer, no children.
: ; would like position In country; good reeom-
mendatlons. Box 37S8. Call office.
WANTED — Paper hanging and painting by In-
terior decorator. : Address E. E. H.. box
37S7. Call efnec. , -
CORRESPONDENCE cletk. typist, local refer-
ences., wants position. Clerk, 2110, Ashby.
Berkeley^- . ¦ •¦ ,.
NON-UNION carpenter wants small jobs: re-
pairing of all kinds. JOSEPH THOMPSON.
1444 Adeline St.. Oakland. .
RELIABLE, active young man. who has per-
fect knowledge .. of ' English. German and
French, desires clerical situation; best ref-
erences; willing to go to the country. Box
8630. Call office.
A- SITUATION wanted to take care of prtvate
place by a trustworthy -man: understands
gardening, milking, handy with tools; good
horseman and driver; nrst-clasa references.
Box 3705. Call office..
EXPERIENCED and competent bookkeeper
seeks position In the country, preferably with
a mining company; age 27 years; references
submitted and bond furnished if necessary.
Box 3733, Call office. ~
YOUNG married man wishes position of any
kind; knows city well; understands care of
3 horses: not afraid of work. Address SMITH,
148 West Mission cl* i '
EXPERT polisher; pianos, ttair cases and
furniture; don't fail to see A.-McANDREW,
. , traveler. . landscape artist; up-to-date. Box
3047. Call. ' .
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
. situation as clerk In grocery store and bar-
100m; gcod references. W. BOHLING, 41T
Kearny .st.
A YOUNG • man who thoroughly understands
mechanical drawing desires a position as
draftsman's assistant or tracer. Address
box 3082. Can office.
ENGINEER— Wanted, position by stationary
engineer; can . handle . electrical machinery
and do own repairs; good references. Box
30KO. Call office.
YOUNG Hawaiian gentleman wishes position
in photograph gallery; . has had four years'
experience; good all around man. Box 3975,
Call office.
YOUNG Eastern man wishes position to work
mornings and evenings for board and -odg-
ing. as he !s desirous, of attending college
duiinz the day. Box 4394, Call office.
BRIGHT. Intelligent, handy young man, speaks
German and English, desires position as por-
ter, lunch man or any kind of work. Box
3672. Call office.
YOUNG man and wife want positions; man
first-class coachman, do gardening if re-
quired; wife a good cook- or second work;
references. - Box 3720. Call office.
YOUNG honest gentleman wants to work for
family where he can make use of his tech-
nical education; college graduate. Box 4334.
Call office. • .-. ;. -
YOUNG man, well recommended, with high
school education, experienced clerk, desires
position as clerk, secretary or stenographer.
Box 3828. Call. - •
A YOUNG man would like a steady place In
country as bartender or wait at table; best
of references. Address R. E.. 123 Linden
it., Oakland.
YOUNG man, bookkeeper and stenographer,
wishes position as salesman of gents' - fur-
nishing goods. Address C C P.. 2820 Six-
teenth st.. city.
COMPETENT and experienced accountant
wants sets of books to . keep, opening and
fleeing books, expertlng accounts, etc. Box
2263. Call office. - ' - , - . ¦
POSITION wanted by an all-around engineer,
electrician and machinist; long experience In
mining; has tools; temperate. L. J. DOW.
Folsom, Cal.
YOUNG man 20 years old would like situation
as Vtenographer and office assistant ; has good
references. Box ".3636... Call" office, _...,,.,
A YOUNG man, 19, would like to work In a
- machine shop as a helper; 2 years* experi-
ence. 863K Market at.,
GERMAN man who' understands farming wishes
work around Plcasanton, Healdsburg or Wat-
son ville. Address box 3C56. Call office.
YOUNG man who worked 4 years In hardware
store In Germany would "ke to have a posi-
tion in the same business. 123 Sutter St. '
COACHMAN or man about place; understands
gardening, milking; handy with tools; best
• references. Box 37€5., Call.
INTELLIGENT middle-aged German, only
few days In country, desires any kind of re-
spectable work. Address box 3S93. Call.
WANTED— Position as collector or solicitor;
. will furnish horse and buggy. Box 3932.
Call office. .
BRIGHT and Intelligent young man wants a
position as. a schoolboy Jn good family. 2127
Center st;, Berkeley,- Cal. *
YOUNG man wants position as candy maker
In small retail store; country preferred. Box
3833. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as night clerk In
cigar store;- best of references. Address S.
M., 152& O'Farrell st. . «.-.
POSITION by young man 22 years old. where
there Is, good chance to advance; salary so
object. Address box 4350. Call office.
BARBER of 1% years' . experience wishes a po-
sition in a country shop: strictly sober.
Address J. M. F., 14 Salmon st.; S. F.
POSITION., by married man, no children, as
foreman en cow ranch. Address box 3714.
Call office. . -
A RELIABT.J2 man wants position as night
watchman; references. Address I. B.. <3tJ
Folsom st.
BY s German cardner aa first man. or as man
alone" on private place; Al references. Box
3944. Call office.
GOOD Japanese wants a position to do cooklnc
"or housework In nice family. J. NAKAI 15
. St. 'Mary st.
JAPANESE wants position: experienced : as
plain cook or housework: wages $6 up. Ad-
dreas by mall. WATANA BE. 1336 California.
JAPANESE, good boy. wants a situation as
school boy ¦ or housework Y. K.. Japanese
Mission.. 13O4 Post st. Tel. Sutter 4132. -
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants position In
small family to do cooking and housework.
Y. IKK. 744 Post st.
JAPANESE boy wishes situation as school-
boy; understands plain "cooking. - Box 3641.
Call office. :
A JAPANESE wants situation at housework
¦or help In 'kitchen; .wages $12 or $15 un.
Y. T.. 420 Powell et. ,.
GOOD . Japanese brothers want positions as a
- first-class cook, a waiter and housework. D
8." ABE. 1408 Pine st. - . ..
, A JAPANESE first-class cook wants a situa-
tion as' schoolboy. HENRY MURAKAMI
i < .121. Haight st. . - . '
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants position
! in private family. K. S.. 1544' Polk St.: teL
;. Larkln SHCT2. ¦-¦¦ •- . .-
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy ; or. housework. H. TSUDA. care Jap-
... anese Mission. 1304 Post st.: tel. . Sutter 4 132.
A JAPANESE • boy would like to work at
* chamberwork cir housework anywhere Ad-
Address 1303% Castro st. - -
JAPANESE, gentle and honest boy. wants a
position at " housework • or any kind, : In city
. TAKA. 350 Jessie : St.. city. ¦
IF you want a Japanese schoolboy ask for me
K. IKEDA. Japanese Gospel Society. 725
_ Geary, st. ._ ¦ v .-.¦.'- • . - r
"A JAPANESE cook wants situation aa cook or
; housework. In small, family. F. K., 418B
; Larkln st.: tel. SutUrlOSO.-
JAPANESE wants position as waiter at tabls
or = housework . In ; family. :• O, ; T. • CHARLY.
' ,719 Valencia 'st;; phone. 329ft.' - -
JAPANESE honest - wants . . position . as
T- schoolboy . In .a., nice Jfamily. .A. ,-,B.". - «1
. Minna sL. .... .V . .. .. - "
A'JAPANESE cook wants situation. GEORGE
:¦; ¦ D.-'Y.V; 648 Sutter.' St.; Phone Black 6582., :
A JAPANESE boy. wants situation as scbool-
v boy." .R; ICHIKAWA; 61 ,Mlnn*;st. \.
YOUNO* Japanese ¦ boy wante • place 'as r school-
v boy. t;HAMADA.*, 1028 Oak St.; tel. Fell 1138.
CHINESE/- first-class" cook/ wants' position la
•. 'hotel, r- 1110 Stockton, st. :
CHINESE.»flrst-clas8 cook, .wants -position In
.-. family; $40 up a month. LEM. 715% Dupont.
CHINESE, first-class" hotel cook, wants a dos*-
;^tlon;ijN/ K..< 911^ Stockton -st.' .. •
CHINESE wants position as cook In restaurant.
t .; clty.1-^ 33 .Waverly ' place."" 1 . L '
CHINESE, ?: flrst-claaa ¦„ cook," • wants position • -
¦*-: private : family. .-¦ Box ' 3715. ¦¦ Call . office.
»NON-UNION^ carpenter : wants I steady ' work • la
¦ _. an Institution." ? Box 3927, office,' -
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlaned.
$8000— A TRANSFER, and delivery- business,
- consisting of new building, 20. horses and 12
wagons, harness, etc. ;: all In first-class con-
dition; clearing $300 per months Apply. box
1474, Call office, Oakland. -,,- -.
FINE grocery and family Jtquor store at' bar-
gain; best location. 1699. Post at. ..;>V:
$3uO — PARTNER wanted : Market-st. cigar
store. Marin Investment Co., 235 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT doing, a splendid' business for
hale; reasonable. Call 504 Turk st. ¦
FOR sale — Coiner saloon; ¦ good business. 835
Bryant Et.. i ' - ?¦ . '
I>ODGINQiHOTTSES FOB SAI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN.
• — ¦ ~
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market ets. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
$350 DOWN AND $500 IN PAYMENTS.
An especially -well-furnished rooming-
I house in good location, on sunny side;
12 large rooms; income $60 over rent;
electric lights; refined roomers: . will
. * sell at a sacrifice.
.MARION GRIFFIN.
$1450 — (0 rooms; house poorly furnished; forced
sale; good opening for right party.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$2500 — SO ROOMS; well -furnished apartment
bouse; corner; rent $168; business easy
to run and pays well. '
•MARION GRIFFIN.
$2000—38 ROOMS; hotel, clearing $150 month-
ly: very select boarders; owner elck;
will take small roomlng-hou6e in ex-
change and time on balance.
MARION GRIFFIN.
$750 — 16 ROOMS; rent $50; same owner. for 12
boarders; north of Market. •
MARION GRIFFIN.
$1000 DOWN and $1000 oh time; absolutely
the best furnished 20- room house in
this city; lease for 4 years; furnishings
coet $5000 In June last year; owner
sick In WALDECK HOSPITAL; buyer
must go with agent from this office.
MARION -GRIFFIN.
$400 DOWN and $10 monthly: 24 rooms; ex-
tra nice blrdseye maple; fine carpets;
apartments; roomers care for their
rooms; 3-year lease; "owner occupies
4 nice rooms and puts $61 in bank
monthly. , MARION GRIFFIN.
$200 DOWN and $200 In payments of only $10
monthly. WITHOUT INTEREST: 8
sunny rooms; all open on to hall;- 6
blocks north of Market; cause, heart
failure. . MARION GRIFFIN.
$217 PROFIT monthly GUARANTEED by
owner on a cash investment of $3000;
no more to pay; a nice, clean, large,
well-furnlehed rooming-house.
Ijiglife*; MARION GRIFFIN.
SACRIFICE SALE.
$7500 — ISO rooms; one of the handsomest and
most modern apartment houses In this
city; GRAND LOCATION; BEAUTI-
FUL. ALMOST NEW FURNITURE;
-cost $16,000; will clear $7500 yearly;
GREATEST BARGAIN KVER OF-
FERED. Agent from this office "will
accompany buyer. Exclusively with |
MARION GRIFFIN." "vC.;
Cut this ad out and when you come to San
Francisco call and eee us at room 406, Ex-
aminer building. • .....
N. B. — Turn on 'to. this proposition the
fierce rays of a powerful intellectual search-
light and you'll discover no flaw.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. -,-
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
cheap rent; fine lease; paying $500 . to $600
per month; close In; full of nice people;
bargain • If taken at once; dissolution of
partnership.
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free: oak
furniture; good carpets'; must sell; price $400.
60 rooms; new, modern -building; elegantly
furnished; close in; full of first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness.
7-room modern flat: close In; well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; flne down-
town location;-.- 2 entrances;, everything In
first-class condition; good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; if . run
transient can clear $300 to: $350 per month;
here ""Is best proposition in city. '
24 rooms; rent $145; new and "elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine . proposi-
tion; sood lease...
123 rooms; cheap rent; long lease: first-class
• up-to-date downtown house;- well furnished:
. -clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good fur-
niture and carpets; clears $100 per -month;
must leave city; make an offer.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house in
city; clearing now $300 per • month ;¦ every-
thing first-class condition; will trade, for
- Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property oi
ranch In California; , must leave city.
16 rooms: rent $65;" good furniture- and car-
pets; always full; must' sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.- • .
30 rooms; newly * furnished ' throughout; '• five-
year lease; downtown: fine, respectable, mon-
ey-making house;' part down,, balance reas-
onable Interest. . ;'
10S* rooms; rent -only $5 GO per room; long
lease; up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bell and elevator; . all - light
rooms; well furnished throughout; -chance of !
lifetime to get first-class house that is clear- "
ing $350 to $450 at bargain: owner obliged
to leave for Europe. to settle an estate; maki
offei ; exclusively with . us. ,, . . - - : ;¦¦, -.;¦
45 rooms, rent only $125; first-class location;
i well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always , full;
best buy In city; account of sickness; price
$4500. .. • -
Have . new, modern' 82- room house; -rent $375;
electric lights. , elevator/ • corner; ,. everything
up-to-date; owner win exchange ,for;lm-
I 'roved property neighborhood San Jose; value
$7000 to $10.000. -\ . V
Model . a partment-houEe, ' 2 - and . 3 - rooms • each ;
rent is ¦¦ cheap; ¦-; elegantly : furnished ; .: 5- year
¦ lease; there' are 90 rooms; everything ' new
and modern; . you , can - get . bargain r account
' of sickness. -;. * ~ " .- .'.
34 rooms;, cheap 1 rent;'- thoroughly* renovated;
all In flne chape; flne little apartment-hous-;;
clears $160;; reduced to $2800.;? , . ¦»-
Large , list ' of real estate,": rooming ' houses and
-business for' exchange or trade: always on
: hand. •:• CAMERON, : 3 Eddy . st.
HOTELS.-,' '*¦• ¦¦¦;¦¦-. ;- --..:-.- - . . .- -.
"7 ... MITCHELL & CO. .,. V. .
1206 Market sC ' , ' -."•'? Phone 'Jessie 2981
- v " Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
'fiats 'sold . to "Milt purchasers; titles guaran-
; teed/:'. ',> MITCHELL &jCO.: ¦;', p\ '¦¦,¦.« *VH4
AN elegant' residence.": 17 rooms;* charming j Io-
-. cation; rent $65; reas. -Mitchell. -1206 Market.
A-^-30-ROOM . bay-window, "gunnyj corner; ; finely.
. furnished ; : well \ established : -low '.rent ;3 long
lease; half cash,! or,, will exchange for smaller
"¦ ' house; "location ;?no7 agent's Vcom-
:, . mission.' Box; 3638.; Call.V'. '-:>•'¦ - ;r
7-ROOM. flat/' partly ifurnlshed; sunny .corner •
- '. rent,$45. , Call .after .i 10; a.->m., 1 721, Franklin
f- St.; near Golden } Gate ave. -.-" v-.U;.v .' -'.;-:;. "i t -
BARGAINJf taken atj once; (B15 Leavenworth
> : st ; ¦. 8 ¦ room '. house, ; partly ; furnished ; * call : 11
:¦; tO. '4.' ;'.-;..".¦¦; •¦".¦•:.¦.- :.-' •. . ;-; .*- . ;¦/,': ./¦:;.: ¦::y_; : : - ¦;'.-¦
, LODGING-HOUSE ? -for " sale.'v Apply ¦; at J cigar
i '\ store, ; 828 . Market ; st. ; 'iX:,. / :;.f ./ "-<, "; *..-»¦&:¦ ,i
FOR" sale— 15;room rooming; house.**; Apply j 815 !
FREE-1-P0UND GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CD'S "TOP
____: CLAIBYOYAOTS. J__
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $1. -
. The great— ELLSMERB. .Ellsmere-^the great
Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the greatest
clairvoyant In the world ; • tells your name,
what you called for.'whom and when you will
marry. ; about' buslness.etc; Ellsmere Is differ-
ent, from other clairvoyants, - because he does
'what they, claim to do; things that are beyond
• ordinary understanding," things that seem Ira-
, .possible; -he gives you information; relief, suc-
m cess, satisfaction, power . and control' of any
J- character affecting any one or anything past,
' presenter future: he tells you Just what you
may expect'and'what to do for your. best in-
t«resls in-any matter; he awakens a natural
force within and around you, giving you a se-
' cret power to remove the cause of any trouble,
influence/ unhappiness, disease, poverty, fail-
ure or bad luck that surrounds you; he opens
.up a way for success and happiness you de-
sire; a power to secretly change the thoughts,:
actions, habits or intentions of any one. even
, miles away; remember there is no guesswork
' when 'you consult him; if affairs of the heart
or emotions of love interest you, he gives
exact and truthful advice on all love affairs;
he advices you how. to settle lovers' quarrels
: : and. enables you to win the esteem and love
t - of any. one, you desire. . • . <'. ' \"\
3 offices. 1007% Market street." 3 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mall, $2.
RICHARD MAYO,
- ' -
At a glance, before you have a chance to ut-
ter one word, he tells you what you came for
and want -you -want -to know.
HE TELLS YOU
.^ HOW TO ATTAIN SUCCESS,
Whether your present business Investments
will be successful. , No matter what- may be
your hope, fear or ambition, call on this gifted.
i man and find relief. His descriptions of your
friends and enemies are as real as though they,
stood ' before . you.* He tells you everything,
good or bad: you hear the truth and nothing
but the truth. If you are discontented. / un-
happy, discouraged, unsuccessful or In • 111
health, call on Professor Mayo and he wlllald
you In life's greatest blessings, health, wealth
and happiness. Satisfaction guaranteed or no
fee accepted. . . : ¦ ¦•¦¦ 1 ,
READINGS THIS WEEK REDUCED TO ONZ>
DOLLAR.
421 A Ellis st. (Private) Flat. Hours 10 a. m.
to 8 t. in. ¦
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOtE
His former $."> reading this week for $:.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered i trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever lnSan Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly sgree and guarantee
to make no -charge If I fall to tell your name
and what' you want to krow. I tell If hus-
band. : wife or sweetheart Is true or. false,
•whom and when you will marry; In fact. I
, will tell every hope, fear or ambition better
than you can tell yourself; I will Improve
your condition so you will reach the greatest
possible strength in mental and bodily vigor
and' luck that Insures success In business.
- mining and speculation: I Implant controlling
power In ycur nature so you can fascinate
any. one you desire, win the one you love,
bring back your loved cne and cause marriage
- with th« one of choice. 10 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Closed Sunday. 326— O'Farrell st.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Exam-
iner. bldg. ; . she „ reads your life • correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future;' if you are In
• trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life or have domestic, love or business trou-
. bles ronsult this great medium and you will
bo told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In'all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal eeer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names giver; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
ISMAR, Egyptian Seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. . San Francisco. • Of flee hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 0 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME PORTER, clairvoyant, medium, born
with double veil and second sight: tells past.
• present, future: 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, near Kddy.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr.and palrn. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life; business advice;
names given ; 25c up. 8 Ellis tt., near Market.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. .612% Eddy st.:. no sign. . •
MADAME" VONSOH. "clairvoyant, medium,
evening circles, ', 8 o'clock. 508 Eddy St. •
MMR MARSEAU. card reader; ladies 25c;
gents. 60c. 545 Minna st.
MME. GABRIEL from the Ka«t: palmist, card
¦ reader. 705 Market st..-r. 2. opp. P. elan bid.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and psychic card read-
er; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m.. 512 Jessie st.
MRS.: RICHARDSON, from London. England.
clairvoyant card reader. 31.1 Ellis; no sign.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 10S 6th St., rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well known fortune-
teller; Is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPIBITTJ AI.ISM. •¦.'-'¦
ARRIVED from New York. Prof. Fred P. Ev-
ans, famous psychic for slate writing, clalr-
voyance. Of flee. 1112 Eddy. Phone ; Scott SS7.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. LESTER, clairvoyant, - medium and life
reader; clr. ev.evg. 10c;' read, dally.- 4:1 6th.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Larkln.
. ¦ room 49; readings 1 . to 5: tel. ' South 319. .
jCAKPJET^BEATOTG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
. tor cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices: moderate. ' S.- F. Com-
I pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 • Market Et. ;
phonesi Main 152 and Bush ; 479. • '
WHEN. you become disgusted with- your work
: . %2nd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works; 355-357 Tehama st.'Tel." South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning. Works.' 1809 Har-
rison St.: 'Al cleaning. 3c. « FRED . HAGE-
' DORN & CO.: phone. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. " Telephone East 120.
MITCHELL'S, 2-JO Fourteenth , St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. : Mission 74. > '¦
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
.-.= reasonable. 17C3 HarrtBon st.: tet Mission 263
A NEW. plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break";
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 CO; fillings. 60c:
• plates' ?5; full set; all work painless - and
warranted., Chicago Dental Parlors;: 24 Sixth.
1 — '
DR.LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
-. * —No charge for < extracting when I plates are
made;, old plates made overllkeinew; teeth
from $8; per Bet: extracting . 50c ; ' gas : given. "
PARIS. Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny,' cor. Bush—
Set-teeth. $1 60 up; crowns.$2 up; ftlllngs.25c
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.AX.Hewltt,204 Sutter
ARTHUR CHISHOLM; surgeon-dentist, Tr.14.lst
floor. Phelan bid.." 806 -Market; cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R.'L-W A LSH. has moved from Geary st.
¦. to corner Sutter; and Grant ave. , .! r
ALL ' work guaranteed ', by : thelNew , York den-
" tlsts. ; Dr. Perkins. Mgr.y 909 Mission, cor. 6th!
DJ^SSWtAJCEES^ND^SEAMSTBESSES:
McDOWELL Dressmaking &^Milltnery School—
- Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. » 1019 Mkt ]
Accordion, | sunburst and knife i pleating. E tew-
~ art's button. & buttonhole factory, ' 111) Taylor.
A— THE -Lyceum. "an. 'accredited ;• preparatory
: - school ¦:. for.' university. ' law > and . medical col-
. leges ;refs.: President Jordan: or.' any Stanford
¦ professor; day, evening sessions.*; Phelan bldg.
B.'R.; AYRES,^ founder of Ayres ,' Business Col-
. lege, has -'returned;- bookkeeping,* penmanship,
, shorthand,, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
-' $50; positions-; eecured; day; ev.*- 723 ' Market."
.THE Paul; Genon School < of Acting, the largest
': .- institution- devoted^ exclusively.^ to dramatic
- , learning* In ¦ America; : positions i guaranteed.-
; . Send for, catalogue. Native 7 Sons'i building." J ¦"
ENGINEERING-^Clvll,r elect- mln.; mech;;;sur-*
;¦ vey; assay, cyanide: day, eve. ; est.il864.i Van
. der^NalllenrSchool.1113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A"T SUCCESSFUi; "college; ;' new;> large I rooms;
.;'¦;: perfect ¦ light : ': all - graduates 1 are ¦ getting ; po-
r ; ¦; sltlons.^ S.r: B. 5 Business ;. College., 73S 'Mission.
HIGH £ schfol 4 mathematics. " '"coaching;" >- time
". "¦ saved ; and J study; made easy; ¦ mall ; evenings;
; 120 -Hertford -at.; . / ;;
CLASSES ! In '¦ short] story -.writing , and ," Journal-"
-' Ism i meet -Von Mon.T-Wed* and Thurs.,-2 p.'m.Vi
: . ' 333 % Phelan ~ bldg. ; * terms ; , very,? reasonable. ;,;
*A— GALLAGHER MARSH I BUSINESS I COLi
f ;. LEQE.% 1382 1 Market; st.%- Send , for catalogue, j
v A— MOVED , to i 1281 % Market I st. ; } large : sunny:
j- quarters, r- .Western » Business ; College.^ t&fr&r.
!A^-MEJTROPOLITAN; Bu*.\ SS 602 tVaa'- Ness
HWfc r ;j positions secured. l R.i H.\ Webster. 1 * Pws.-t i
BTJSIITESS CHAJTCES. >
A $2000; COFFED saloon and restaurant :• 1
biock from Examiner building; place estab-
llshr.tl years; doing a first-class - business; ¦
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE, 20& Kearny st. • <
A— $l?50; BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy
produce store; I block from Palace Hotel;
daily receipts from $30 up: horse, wagon;
place ckitrlng $200 per month. See R. G.
WILKE, 2CH Kearny st. -
A— $900— CORNER saloon, with, cigar stand,
on Fourth st., living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«H Kearny st. '
A — $ir<00 — Old established commission store.
dairy produce, etc.. must be sold at once on
account of death ; a very rare chance, as busi-
ness Is known for 28 years as a good reliable
house. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1600; CORNER clear stand on Ellis St.;
lease; a good paying place; location can't be
beat; owner must leave for N. Y. ; a sacrt-
flce. St&'R. G. WILKE. 2C»'- Kearny st.
A— $900.-- CORNER saloon. S. of Market: Sixth
St.; cheap rent; 4 years' lease; a bargain.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; RESTAURANT and cafe close to
Market and Powell sts.: rent $300; lease:
place elegantly fitted up and doing a large
business; best class of patronage; owner en-
gaged in other business; must sacrifice. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $GSO0; THE! leading candy. Icecream and
oyster parlor across the bay; monthly re-
ceipts about $1500; rent $60; no nicer fitted
up place this kind In the State; rare chance.
Call R. G. WILKE. 25% Kearny st.
A— $300; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
corner; rent $30; best location; business pay-
Ing well. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; value
In eight. See R. Q. WILKE. 2Q% Kearny.
A— $1500; HARDWARE and plumbing business;
location the very best; eetabliebed years, and
a first-class paying business. AH particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A— $2300; TRANSFER and express business; 6
horses, 5 wagons, bus, road buggy, harness
and stock; business established years; clears
at least $200 per month; a rare chance. See !
R. G. WILKE. 26 % Kearny st. ¦
A — $2000; CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
location on Geary st. ; rent $30; lease; a good
paying and old established business; disagree-
ment of partners cause of sale. See R. G.
WILKE, 2OVs Kearny st.
A— $300; CIGAR stand; rent $30; only 2 blocks
from Call building; a bargain. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny Et. -
A — $S0O; CORNER saloon; rent $20; place sur-
rounded by factories and doing a good pay-
ing business. Call R. J G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Et. ' »
A — $5000; roadhouse and grocery, with 6 acres
of land; house of 4 rooms, dining-room, kitch-
en, etc.; monthly Income $1000: one of the
beet business properties; about 75 miles from
city. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $2650; HOTEL of SO rooms; rent $100: lease;
with flrst-claas paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1600; COUNTRY hotel about 35 miles from
this city; 39 beds, 50 boarders; fine barroom
¦with good trade; close to depot; in lively
business town: place making money; owner
to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20 %
Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daly receipts about $20; best location north of
Market et. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
ct.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a 'well established and
first-claes paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny St.
A— CAMERON &. <Xh Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Ft., -cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FCfl tale^ — Well-furnished 5-room ark. moored
«lie hour's ride from city; flne chance for
(!mmer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; comoletely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas: toilets, closets, everything
strictly new anil modern: accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home: owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble: best ccast city In California; 50 stalls:
rent only $75 per month; well stocked with
homes, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business ; owners
retiring, cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st.
FOR sale^ — Stationery, school supplies, dress
linings; well located, cheap rent; doing good
business; 3 living rooms; stock will Invoice
more than t>rtce asked; sickness; price $1500.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. -
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real es-
. tate, rooming-houses and business chances.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city; 7
acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished: 2
bars, dancing Davillon. shooting gallery:
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' leaee: sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electrlu cars direct: clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the beet hay, craln. feed,
wood, coal, lime and cement businesses in
S. ,F.; cheap rent: horses and wagons; all
equipments); cresent owner has made a for-
tune and wants to retire; guaranteed to clear
from $500 to SSOO t>cr month; trial given If
desired: part dewn. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale^ — Fine little 3-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet: all furnished: horse ando
buggy; fine well: 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot: 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. v
FINE OPPORTUNITIES. \ ; 3'- V;
IF you -wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for what you have to sell.
J..W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
$300— PARTNER: must be honest, sober, re-
liable. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
$e.'»0 TO $10,0uO— Saloons that will stand lnves-
tlgation. See BERG & POPP. 315 Kearny.
RESTAURANT; a 1»> delicatessen stores 'a t bar-
galns. See BERG & POPP, 318 Kearny st.
FOR sale — A half Interest in bakery and cof-
fee parlor; flrKt-class location and business
increasing. Address S. B., box 520, Sacra-
mento, Cal. .
$7011 BUYS country weekly in growing town;
one-third down, balance easy; net Income
$80 monthly; circulation 400. Address box
39S3. Call Office. /
BARBER shop fixtures for sale; two revolving
chairs; 2. stands; 5 -mirrors; other articles;
worth $80: sell at sacrifice. Box 3077. Call.
$275 — ACTIVE man as partner; established
business; duties - easily learned: sure profit of
$S5 a month »o each. 632 Market : St., r. 6.
A NEW and second-hand 6ook store for $1'»00;
pood business; big. stock; well located; cheap
¦ rent. Address box 3C22, , Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale, or will take
a partner; present owner will do cooking.
1928 Market st. .
BRANCH bakery, candy.' and!, notions; nice
I clean stock; ¦ snap, for rlcht party; leaving
city; bear Investigation. 1509 Buchanan - st.
FRUIT and . groceries;' good location; cheap
rent-,'3 living rooms*, good .business. ,' Apply
23 Telegraph ave.; Oakland. "
NEW stock men's furnishing goods, fixtures
and lease; account' sickness. Address box
1475. Call office. Oakland. _¦*¦-.
PARTNER wanted ¦ with ' small . cash; estab-
lished business; $73 . guaranteed. BROWN,
53 Mason st. ~ - '. - . ¦ . -. ¦
FOR sale— Corner grocery; excellent location;
stock; fresh; cheap. Address box 1472, Call
office. Oakland. - .: ' :.- .
PARTNER: 'detective 'and collection:' estab-
lished business; 'small capital. Room 25; 1014
Broadway. Oakland.
$150 — CANDY and notion store; .f rooms; must
sell to-day. BROWN'S/- 33 . Mason • et , ¦ -
e.K LOON~iicense for $250.? See ANDERSEN &
PYE. 035 Market at., room; 1.
A - DELICACY storef a , bargain . for, a quick
. sale; profits . over $200 per . month. 217 ¦ 6th.
CIGAR-STAND, 301 Mission st. : .. make offer;
¦ no agents; must sell; no. trlflers.-. * v •
CIGAR stand for "sale; cheap.* Inquire 427
Taylor, st; : .
FOR * sale— Painting ' and decorating ' business:
-¦: growing town. A.Weber.P.O.boxlBl.MUlValley
SALOON ' and ¦ grocery • for j sale I cor.- Fifteenth
; ave and Q st. south; established 15 years.
, WANTED--^A ¦ laundry route. Box '. 3648, ' Call.
MUST, sell ; - candy > and • notion v store : - S ' living
; ¦-.. rooms; reasonable offer. accepted.' 326 Seventh.
$1400— SALOON i on * Broadway.?. . Apply ; , to i W. •
':• 6. HARLOW & CO.,- 850 Broadway, Oakland. ,
THE^CALL 1
JOHN I). SPRECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOnX McXAUGIIT. . . . .Manager
\V. J. MAKTCV Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office.... Market and Third. B. F.
RdJtorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
*>eilTered by Carriers. 20 Cts.Per "Week. 73
Cta. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts. ,
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With.
Order): ,. --
DAILY CALL Ondud. Sunday). 1 year... $800
DAILY CALL <lnelud. Sunday). 6 mos... 4 09
DAILY CALL— By Single Month "J*
6UNDAT CAIX, 1 Year J"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear -I; 00
POSTAGE. jxfttMy. 1.00 Per Year Extrm
ALT. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED TO
RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS-
Ejunple Copies will be forwarued when r»-
q nested. : ¦*- ' -' ¦¦-¦" "¦
¦ Maa subscribers In ordering change of ad •
trrmm abonld be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS la order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«ucst.
0AXX.AND OFFTCBt
Una Eroafiway Telephone Mala 1083
FIlTTt yi ki .»: y OFFICES •
tU& Center Street Telephone North TI
Washington correspondents
EAMUEI# W. WAT.y Hotel Barton
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. • Brentaao. SI
t?B«nn Souare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-*vmnue
Ho. J and Bcflmu House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermaa Hoose- P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremoot House; Auditorium
Hmel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE: •
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marqnette Building.
<Loeg Distance Telephone. ' "Central 2Sl».">
KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. FMTTH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE: cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third rtreets: open until
12 o'clock every night in tae year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1009 Market street, opposite Fifth: open uutll
11 p. rn.
tT7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; opea until
0:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street: open ur.tll 9:30 p. m.
C*» McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Lerkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; cpea until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street*:
cpen until 9 p. rn.
2200 Fillmore etreet; open until » p. m.
CXCXTB.CS SERVICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, corner
- "Gol<!en Gate ave. and Polk gt.— Preaching
to-morrow, Sabbath at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. by the. pastor. H. H. Bell, D.D.
Morning theme, "The Kindness of Provi-
dence." Evening theme. -'Jesus, Past and
Present." Lecture at 7 o'clock on "Orient."
Sabbath school. 9:*5 a. m.; C. E. societies
et 3:30 and 6:30 p. m. Strangers cordially
invited to all services. Pews free. Courteous
us hers. Come and bring your f rier.ds. j
»— — — — »—^— —^^— —^^—^^
arELTua- NOTICES.
PAST MASTERS 1 Association of Call- «
fornia. F. and A. M. — Regular f\
monthly meetinc THIS (SATUR- JoL
DAY) EVENING at t> o'clock. By «5=5?
order of the President. H. J. OWEN, Sec
v!oFFICE OF THE GRAND SECRE- B
TARY. GRAND LODGE. F. & A.VY
M. OF CALIFORNIA. /V\
The Grand Lodge of Free and Accept-
ed Masons of the Jurisdiction of California
will hold a special communication in King
Solomon's Hall at ttie Masonic Temple in
this city on
SATURDAY, the 29th INST..
AT 12:30 O'CLOCK P. M. .
After calling off the Grand Lodge will proceed
to Colma for the purpose of laying the cor-
ner rtcne of the chapel of the new Masonic
cemetery at that place.
The grand officers, past grand officers and
the officers and members of the lodges in
this vicinity are hereby notified and re-
quested to be in attendance,
Bv direction of the Grand Master.
GEO. JOHNSON. Grand Sec
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30, F. and n
A. M. — Called meeting THIS SAT- vVf
URDAY at 2 t>. m. First degree. By /\r\
order of W. M.
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 163. F. and A. M. — O
Special meeticg THIS {SATURDAY) XX
EVENING- at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- /V\
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. «
212, F. and A. M. — Officers and mem- V\f
bers are hereby notified to assemble at /Nr\
their lodgeroom SUNDAY, October 30.
1904. at 10 'o'clock a. m.. thence to Mission
Masonic Temple to conduct the funeral ser-
vi^es of our late brother, BEDFORD AL-
MER TINGLEY. By order of the W. M.
¦ K. C. HARE. Secretary.
CONCORDIA Lodge Xo. 122, L O.
O. l-\— Thr- members of the funer-£$3M9bg*£.
a! <rrriT:i!t;pe are hereby notified : p'sj<r«>?S5
to assemble at I. O. O. F. Hall '"*«&*#**'
SUNDAY. October 30. at 1:30 p. m.. to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, PETER
OTTEN deceased. By order of
FRANK ROTHING, N. G.
CHRIST ROEBER. Rec. Sec.
RETAIL Dry Goods Merchants — On SUNDAY.
October 30, at 2 p. m.. In 'the offices of the
MerchantF* Association, rooms 708-9-10,
Mills building, there will be a meeting of the
Associated Pry Goods Merchant* of San
1 Francisco. All dry Koods merchants are re-
quested to attend, whether members or not.
as "-there will be something doing."
B. K. THURSBACHER. Pres.
P.. K. HALVES. Spc. - .
— AOEKTB WA2TTZD.
AGENTS — Also demonstrators <prefere.bly phy-
Fician or physical culturtst), wide' awake, ln-
telMgent men and women to eell a portable
mechanical hand vibrator, which is a physl-'
• cal culture exerciser, exhilarator and wonder-
ful curative agent; the marvel of the age;
needed by every one; rapid seller: salary and
commission. Write or call 9 to 9 VACUUM
APPLIANCE CO.. 6 O'Farrell St.
LADY Brent* wanted everywhere t<> sell
Kfrcp's Suppositories. 1312 Market st:. r. 316
ATTOBggJ_S-AT-r*AW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at *12 and
Is no rood: for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick; quiet; no money needed-
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collec-
tions made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
CONSULTATION free, private and confidential-
no advance fees; businrsa t>rociDtly and le_
Rally transact «J: collections, mechanics'
lien*, tenants ejected: probate; loans on real
estate: rafe. sound investments at highest
rate of interest. W.MATTHEWS. 632 Market.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-L«w. Exam!" tilde"
6th floor: entrance room C1I: established "6
years: all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees in advance or for consulta-
Uon; evening* by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
AA— Divorce; costs $12;qulck, quiet ;ad vice free;
all law badness; no charge unless vuccess-
fcl; open evenings. 927 Market St.. room SOI.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no feee or
coets In advance: all law business- office
open Saturday evenings. 610 Market «t..r.a3.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $1J: quick, quiet;
all law. business; no charge unless tuccess-
ful; cpen evenings. 927 Market. . room 204.
X.. 6. CLARK. 827 Market, room 304; consults.-
tlcn free; no fee» In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CTTKII.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly
JOc. 25c. 60c. 1C02 Market, • St. Nicholas;
also WUliart. 10th and Washington, Oakland.
-^..-^_ I--;..... ..¦^j™*?i l^Pg^^.^. _, _ Ln . n . .'.___
ZOBEIDE. astrologer: peychic. ; occult and as-
_ trologlcal readings.' 9 Mason at.; rooms 1-2. *
bo ABPnro roa chelpke».\
ONE or two children boarded ; . would room
' l>«Jents. 542 Jewle tt. • - -¦* ¦ ¦ -
; CLOTHOfg KEgOTATnTO.
EUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
ayeinc Bon Marebe. Examiner Wdg., r. 410;
phone Drumm,*4; Call for and : deliver , free.
coi^ectto ar
BAD tenants ejected -for %i : ' collections made;
city.- or country.". Pacific Collection Co.. 415
. Uontffonxery rt,> rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 55S0.
EPUCATIONAIr— Continued.
FRENCH,' German lessons,, 25c an hour to be-
'._ clnnera. ; Mra. ¦ C Moulin. 44 Woodward ave.
6PANISH,French,etc.Prof.De FlUppe'sAcademy
¦¦¦: , of languages, 1018 Post; est: 1871; ablest profs.
ZITHER lessons given 'by Max Maler, teacher
¦ of ilther. 304 A Turk St.. near Leavenworth.
'ARITHMETIC, algebra, grammar, writing.
.etc., $5 mo. ; private. 1281 Market St., r. 704.
CHICAGO Business College, 1435 Market— Post -
tlons. shorthand, , typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
GUITA*R. mandolin and piano, $3 per mo.;
,1 mandolin club. $1 per mo. > 828 Halght et,' ,
ADULT and' juvenile classes 'now open. . Hln-
• ¦ man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
: sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.'
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- —Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight;
r Individual lnstruc. ; all branches; day, eve.'
CALIFORNIA * Business College. ¦ 025 Golden
Gate^ave.. S. F.; 75-page catalog on request
OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help, promptly; city, or country.
- S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 8231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment ' Office— Japanese-
i Chinese help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 6752.'
JAPANESE- Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.. tel. Bush S59.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce. all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
jjMPjLgYMEKT WANTEP— FEM f TiT? ¦
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell St.; tel.
Main 5332— Help of all nationalities expect
various positions. • ; - ;
WANTED — Position in a candy factory. Ad-
dress E. T.. 342 Austin ave. " I
¦ ' ' . " -" ¦ . —m*^m*^^ - " ¦ ¦ i
A THOROUGHLY competent woman will taks
charge of household for those doing co-oper- I
ative housekeeping, or for two or more bach- {
elcr». or of rooming or boarding house; refer-
entes exchanged. Box 31)93, Call office.
A YOUNG woman, capable and willing, wishes
to do good family cooking by the day; wages
$7 50 ppr week. Box 3097. Call office.. |
YOUNG woman wants situation to do general
housework, and plain cooking. Address 2S70 1 / i
Twenty-second Bt.
AN eliSerly lady wishes a position on ranch to
. care fur grown children; will give good Ger-
man instruction. Box 3783, Call office.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position in
law firm. Box 3627. Call office.
WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. An-
gwer box 3769, Call ottice.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like position as
cook*in private family where other help is
kept; understands German cooking. Box 3640,
Call office. .
FRENCH couple want situations; wife capable
to teach French or housework and husband
generally useful all around: best cf refer-
ences; city or country. Box 4301. Call.
CURTAINS neatly laundered, «oc up: work
'called for and delivered. 26 Dore St., between
Ninth and Tenth, Howard and Folsom;
phone 922.
NICE appearing youngr lady, highest refer-
ences, wishes , a position aa reception lady
in photographer's; small salary to start.
Address box 43S5. Call of flee.
RELIABLE woman wants cooking and down-
stairh work or light housework; carfare.
1 Myrtle ave.. off Larkln st. 1 , near Geary.
A YOUNG colored girl would like a position
as nursegirl or to do upstairs work; best of
references. Apply 1006 Clay st. '. . - -
WANTED — Work In country; not too far; un-
derstands cooking on ranch; wages $30.
Call, 237, Minna st.. bet.. Third and Fourth.
WANTED — By . young girl, position In dry
goods store: no experience: small salary. H.
¦ M.. 3B2 Third st. > ' ' .. '
YOUNG woman would like to have washing
-and mending to take home. ¦ 713% Minna
St.. near Eighth. '
FIRST-CLASS . German cook wishes work by
the day at parties, etc. 933A Jackson st. ;
phone Davis 257. \
WOMAN wants work of any kind by the day;
$1 50 day. from 8 to, 6. or $1 from • 8 to
1:30. 737^ Howard st.
WOMAN .wants work by the day, washing or
. housecleaning;" $1 50 and carfare. MRS
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st. ¦' ,"
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German,
good pianist. ¦ best of . references to character
wants a situation. Box 2049, Call office. ..--..
AN experienced • dressmaker by the day;
. cloaks, suits of all kinds; designing. Box
. 36, 305 Larkln st. .
A YOUNG woman with a baby wculd like to
work In small family; reasonable wages. Ad-
dress 570 Harrison st. "
WETNURSE wants place; references. MRS.
• B.. 1405B Pacltlc st. ¦ A
WANTED— Housework. : 651 Stevenson st.
WANTED — A position as working housekeeper.
528 Hyde st. ... .. " .
YOUNG girl wishes position at second work
• or waiting. Box 3G35, Call office. • '
NURSE wants care of Invalid by the month.
, Box 3928, Call office. .
NEAT. colored girl; waitress or general house-
work; city references. 2014 Fillmore st. . •
A CAPABLE woman wishes cooking and some
' work: $25-$30, carfare.' Box 3605, Call office.
LADY will go out by the day , to cook or do
¦. washing at-home. -'Call 1074 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS- cook wishes- "situation; city or
v country. 644 Minna »t. »
A JAPANESE lady wants a situation as cook
,and housework. Address MRS. MASAKI, IS
Lewis place. ; '¦.¦.¦ ¦ ¦ ( < " - * ¦ ;
A JAPANESE lady wants a situation as cook
and .housework. Address - MRS. MASAKI,
- .18 Lewis place. . : , -
JAPANESE, first-class faintly laundress,' wants
;. job. T. NOOUCHI. 3500 Twenty-third ' st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
r^Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.'
WANT ads and ," cubscriptlons *- taken ' for : Th^
¦:: Call at Eaton's Bazaar,' 633 McAllister Bt.
:i 7v EMPLOYMENT ;WAHTEP— MALE. .
.YOUNG . man. j well educated, j accurate and re-
liable,", with knowledge of and
business experience, wants - position; refer-
: ences.- Box 37C6, Call office.
MANAGER, salesman and clerk wishes steady
¦ position; best .of references and ; experience;
' : also ; well ¦ acquainted ' In city; and can draw
:^trade._ Box 3991. Call office. „ -
STEADY, • reliable . - German. • ; experienced • In
'.-: wholesale and retail wine and liquor business.
wishes ¦! position. 'Address * H. i ESGEL, '-' 3S7
;;.¦- Turk st. .:.-...- - •" '¦¦ ¦ -,--.. • '- "
YOUNG; married man, steady and reliable,
"«• wishes position as shipping clerk. '. Box 3768,
'Call-office. ¦:¦';-. -.-;: ,
'.BARTENDER . wishes to •¦ get : more ¦ experience
in 'first-class bar; wages no«object; good city
; references. \ Box ¦: 3775, '¦ Call : nt n<^» TtCrftSffraiW
.WANTED^— Copy ing r or ' addressing " envelopes,
'. folding circulars; fair penman; steady" work
v v solicited. Address, box 3029.. Call Joffice; '
! AN f experienced .' German gardener wants i po-'
., eitlon on a * good private, place -or in nursery:
;,:best;of references. : Address F.*. 'H.;:',431f Pine.
, CABINET maker/ 20 years'I experience. \ wishes
, ';! tb obtain - steady, position ' in " factory : or store."
'.; Apply .253 Fell "st."" • ;..¦.-.
, PATTERN I maker.* (machine . and house) ; | capa-
-¦"- ble of taking i charge In < a > foundry ; shop; Ad-
5dress-FARQUHAR. 49 Eighth st. .,; .
SOBER/- Industrious ;. man/ (middle-aged),' who I
.."can turn his hand to anythins, wants work;
; waces $20.^Address box 3779,~«: Call-offlce.'-
$25 . TO; any 'one • who '' secures ;me - a" steady , po-
"s'sltlon as -bookkeeper; or : general office -¦ work.
.±i Box :3770a Call office.'; ,.*:--..;.--^-.- . _ , _.;. ....-¦
¦ SALESMAN/ithoroughlyi experienced I domestic
. {• salepman ;: city i or^ country, " Box ¦: 3996, ; Call. : '*
PRINTER/experlenced . In Jail; branches; ' expert
1.5 proofreader. - Box ! 3900. i Call r office. j
A ; FIRST-CLASS I waiter i wantu at situation «ln
r "j. hotel ; or ¦ restaurant; i Box ;3 601 h: Call T office/ ~ ;
A ? RELIABLE I man "wants position . as night-
::* ; : ws tehman ;% references.* 'A ppl y 1 320 : Fifth * st. ''=;
CARPENTER* wants jwork by day; understands
r;- plans, i Address ; box 1 3725.* Call ; of flee ."
¦WANTED^A^ position '• in : laundry ; shirt ! lroner
M and ¦ finisher." Box 3892," Call. office. 1 -^.-- » , ¦ -
MACHINISTS wishes ' position; In , r city . or coun-
Ktry^ Box S 3784; ;Cair office.!; •-: . ; ' v ,
EM7LOYMEWT WA»raP--MAIO;~c<q ;
YOUNG boy would like office work. Address
1510 Sanchea »t. - . -
BARBER wants position. 9 Sutter st. •
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants position;
i city references. Box 3*88, Call office.
AN experienced shipping clerk wishes position
in small wholesale house. Box 3658. Call.
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer win
work by the day or piece.- Box 3614. Call.
UPHOLSTERER wants work: Al; city or out
of town. Box 3613. Call office.
YOUNG colored man wishes position •> raiet;
can shave and massage. Box 3984, Call.
A TRAILED nurse (male> will give servlcs for
passage to England. Box 3834. Call office.
STEADY and reliable grocery clerk wishes po-
sition In small store. Box 4312. Call offlc*.
WANTED— Position as stableman: young man;
understands care of horses. T. A. P.. 54 6th.
YOUNG man wishes situation aa collector. Box
3370. Call. ¦ ¦ j .
BUTLER wishes a position; city or country;
has first-class references). Box S73a, Call.
rrwANCiAx.
FIRST MORTGAGE GOLD BONDS.
Eecured by the beat of Income basin— PI0»>
crty under long- guaranteed leajn; quaxtarfcr
interest. ... - ¦-fTnf .TEftiti:
— — ¦ _^_ -t
Send for Proepectoa. ¦ ' j •" |_:
RE ALTT BONDS AND FINANCE CO. (OVOJ
1172 Broadway. Cor. 14th 3t.
Oakland.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 M
Elx per cent
Investment Certificates)
Office — No. 14 Sanaome street.
San Francisco, Cal. .
WANTED — To- purchase Realty Syndicate cer-
tificates. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
107-108 Crocker building. .
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stoeic
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 523 Crossley bldg
PIiATS TO UT. ¦"
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list:
- terrlce absolutely free: . take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
st.. on the square.
CHEAP rent — Great bargain; new 5-room flat
for rent. $23 per month; sun all day; new
furnishings for sale. Purchaser has advan-
tage, of $150 paid by present tenant. Apply
Sterling Furniture Co.. 1039 Market st.
NEW marine view flats In choice location,
south side Ureen st.. between Buchanan am)
•Webster; 8 rooms, bath: every convenrence;
very artistic and most comfortably arranged.
PAGE, bet. Webster and Flllrnore— $33 50; up
to-date 6-room flat; fine view; good neigh-
borhood; a snap at the price. BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 25 Post st.
FILLMORE and Washington, southwest corner.
Newly furnished upper flat, 8 rooms and
bath; rrnt reasonable.
VAN NESF ave., 2029, near Cnlon— 2 desirable
• upper flats. 8 rooms and bath: marine view;
rents reasonable. .
ONE new, elegant top flat; « rooms and bath;
. marine 'view; rent onlv $27 SO. Southeast
corn;r Buchanan and Filbert sts. ,. .
CASTRO. 673. near 20th— 2 mod. new flats. 5 &
8 rooms; rent reasonable; key on premises.
MISSION. 272S, near Twenty- third— New upper
flat. 7 rooms and bath.
NEW modern upper flat; 3S25 Twenty-fourth,
near Church; 5 rooms and bath; rent $22 30.
MASONIC ave.. 13C9. near Haight— New flat.
g rooms and bath; flne location; rent $30.
SEVENTEENTH, 3797. corner Sanchez — FlaT
6 rooms and bath; rent $23.
FLAT of 4 rooms; all Improvements; $15 per
month; gas and electric light free.. 45% Noe.
NEATLY furnished, sunny, corner flat, four
rooms, bath; rent $20. 1996 Golden Gate ave.
FINE, sunny, upper flat; marine view; 8
room*, bath. S.E. cor. Broadway and Jones.
CENTRAL, modern flat: 5 rooms, bath. 1030
Sacramento st.. above Powell.
LARGEST list of houses and fiats to let. Ca!l
on LYON ft KOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
$3250 — ELEGANT, sunny, new 6-room flat. 1
block north of Market. 165 Noe st.. nr. 13th.
PIJLTS TO IJET— rOTMriSHEP.
FLAT — Three rooms; bath; piano; complete for
housekeeping; no children; $25. 332 Hayea.
-TUltNISgSD.
MODERN sunny. large "-room upper flat. Car-
pet, linoleum, hangings newly . furnished
from Sterling 10 weeks ago. 917 Jones, nr.
Bush.
ELLIS., 927 — Bargain: 6-room flat, furnished
comrletc; $135 if sold at once.
FOR sale or exchange — Nice furnished fiat. 7
rooms and bath, cheap. 1389 Valencia st.
HOWARD. 1130U — Furniture from a sunny 7-
room flat: must sell; reasonable.
CHARMING sunny corner, six-room flat, com-
plete; clears $15. 494 Eddy st. ,
. , '¦ i-OaNlx-uJtS rOB ffATjTI. '
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down. $1 SO
. per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co,. 34O Poet st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush S13
TUSNITTXR-E "WANTED.
~"~~**~~~~ ' ABE* LEVY;
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 791.
. Don't sell your furniture, carpets, of floe fur*
nlture.- etc.. until you get his estimate. '
WILL pay 20 per cent mors for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP.. «uc. 1638 Market: phone Jeeste 233*.
HELP ' WAaTJBlj— PEM ATVR. . '
3~COOK3/German families. .$30-$35
Cook, little washing, American family.'. ".$.'«)
Laundress, private- family .......t-lO
.Laundress for Institution ......".$25
. Housework, sleep home... ..........123
Chambermaid and laundress *-'M>
,3 nurse girl*, references required... .....$25
. F*rench or German maid and seamstress). .$25
Man and wife, dairy ranch." '...$30
. 2 hcusework girls- for Berkeley. . ........$3O
French governess, grown children. ..$30
Woriing housekeeper, man and child.
3 cooks for ranches — : .$25
: 40 house girls ........ .$2O-$2S-*3O
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 33i Sutter.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately: : positions
guaranteed at $10 per • week up; leading
school In Weef 233 Geary st.. room 13. -
WANTED— Girls : to learn millinery now for
fall season;: both seasons* taught from start
- to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers,* salesladlea, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled Im-
mediately. Parlors 143 Stockton su.'r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College . teaches hatrdresstng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.: stx hours*
practice a day; guarantee positions; "only
, recognized ¦ college : of Us kind on coast; day
and evening classes: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. . 133 Powell et.
WANTED — A young lady of IS to 2O years as
a : good ¦ typist; no knowledge of • stenography
.. N". necessary. Apply thl» morning between
.the hours. of 10 and 12 o'clock, S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 740 Market st.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 10O writing short let-
ters; particulars fcr stamped envelope. BEST
MFO.'CO.. Valparaiso. Ind. '••
WANT. middle-aged lady to assist with baby
.and general housework. 10 'Metcalfe place,
oft* Geary st.. ;. bet. Taylor and Mason.
WANTED— A "smart girl for pantry work and
'general work: no .waiting at -table: hours. 3
- to 4; wages $2O per month. . 304 Mason St.
WANTED — Ladles to do piecework : at home;
steady employment; good pay; experience un-
necessary. Call - Emma - Spreckela bid*.. 927
-Market «t, room 401.'JHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SATURDAY; OCTOBER; 29, 1904;
13
arPSTOAL^ I2TSTBTTMENTS— Contlaned.
RARE violins for sale; Francesco Rugserl,
Dominicus MontaguaLi, Sebastian Klots.
Ceasar GlglJ.* HERMAN MULLER. Tlolln
maker. 2 Latham place. S. F. - ¦¦
BEAUTIFUL ' new upright pianos for rent, $3
¦ per month; one year's rental allowed lf.pur-
- chased. SCOTT-CURT AZ. 560 Hayes st
ELEGANT $400 piano for $150; privata party.
301 Eddy st
$90— UPRIGHT grand, nearly : new; a snap.
HORNUNG.V216 McAllister st ¦
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b*
sold; $135. 237 Geary st
SOH1IER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecetian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 808-313 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Stelnway Up; Chickering baby grand:
Shonrnger. little used. Keeffe'a. 285 OTarrell
— 0rrIC:E3 A? P J??,?J a:ES - T ° I>:ET '
STORE TO RENT] -~~~—~
FIRST-CLASS LIGHT SAMPLE-ROOM
-OR SALESROOM; 120x37:6: FIRST FLOOR:
$75 A MONTH. APPLY 400 MARKET ST.
ELEGANT offices: new Italian- American Bank
bide.. SE. cor. Montgy. A Sacto.: light and
sunny. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgy.
"REXRADIO" speedily cured my perilous
' "lung disease." I saw the very wonderful
results of his treatment on scores of alleged
¦ "Incurables." : "See me." Address at offices.
hours 2 to 4. "Public" free healing "Sun-
1 day" (dally). 2 and 8. Watch for "Sunday"
ada in all papers. 783 % Market st
LADIES — If you have wrinkles, smallpox pit-
tings, bagginess of eyes or any blemish of
the face, lime. Gilllngham invites you to
. call and Investigate her wonderful and Im-
proved method, known to no other In, this,
city; demonstrator can be seen dally. 143
Stockton St.; write for booklet. '¦
A LADY from one side of whose face I have
i harmlessly removed wrinkles can be seen at
Union Drug Co., Stockton and CFarrell sts.
"Hints on Health and Beauty" free; costs
nothing to call or write. M. ELLA HAR-
RIS. Pharmacist. 12S Geary st
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray'halr. im-
proves its growth.stops falllng.cures dandruit
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists'. hairdressers': ao-
• cept no substitute.Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat etc Sold by all druggists for
. over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 40 Turk st. S. F.
B.EST on earth — Barradas liver, kidney, ague,
rheumatism and stomach troubles cured; $1.
BARRADAS MEDICAL CO., 330 Grant ave.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S99. 2122 Fillmore st; phona Geary 20C3.
MRS. HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary at. — Oxygen, electrolysis, massage.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth st. be.
tween Geary and OTarrell. TeL East 697.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to Order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1U7 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $13 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 13S Montgomery st
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring^ 1844 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary,r.38.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the world at 1310 Sutter at.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor.Bmh and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color;$l at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlc* of The Call for th* recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 Market st. ¦ opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
_^^^^^ PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA at-
torney-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at
PBrrsidAirs Ain> gmtQEons.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence
1021% Market st, bet 6th and 7th. parUcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor.
" treats all diseases of the human body; for
- past four years at .115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
: WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dJa-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
FUBCHASXirO AGENCIES,
; CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
1 try order* a specialty; correspondence solicit*
ed. 305 Larkln st.,' room 49: tei. South 319.
-.- .. PROPOSALS. "
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice
- to Contractors, Builders and Material Men :
Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur- '
nishlng the materials for an addition to the
Harmon gymnasium, on the grounds of the
University of California, at Berkeley. Cal.,
and said bids will be received at the office
of the Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at or
before 12 o'clock noon of November 5, 1904.
No bids wtll be considered unless accompa-
1 nled by a certified check or bond of bidder In
favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
. bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted the bidder will duly
enter into a proper contract and give bond
faithfully to perform the duty and obligations
In accordance with- said bid and with the
- plans and specifications which are hereby re-
quired' to be a part of such contract Tha
. right to reject any or all bids Is hereby re-
served. By ' order of - the Committee oa
• Grounds and Buildings of ¦ th* Board of Re-
gents. V.H. HENDERSON, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for construction. — Offlc* of Con-
structing " Quartermaster, Walla Walla,
Wash.. October 28th. 1904.— Sealed proposals.
in triplicate, will be received In . this . offlc*
until 10 o'clock a^ m.. November 30th, 1904,
and then opened, for the material and labor
required in the construction • of two double
sets of brick barracks (two companies each)
at Fort Walla Walla, Wash. * Information
and blank forms will be furnished upon ap-
plication to this office. Th# right Is reserved
to reject any or all bids, or any - parts
. thereof. Plans and specifications can be seen
at this office, or that of 'Chief Quartermas-
ter, Department of California, Saa Francisco,
- and Quartermasters at Boise ¦ Barracks,
Idaho; .Portla'nd. Oregon:' Seattle and Fort
.Wright Washington. All bids must state th*
time of completion. . Envelopes containing
proposals should bo indorsed - "Proposals for
public buildings, Fort Walla Walla, Wash.."
and. addressed to NOBLE H. CREAGER,
Captain and Quartermaster. U. S. A.
TO lease for term of years, building for stor^
¦ age and mfg., purposes; must be strong, suit-
able for heavy work; well lighted; about 100
• - feet ¦ square; 3 or 4 stories and basement ',
f Box '3633. Call office. :
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co. ; furniture.
. : household 'goods 'stored, moved, shiped. 725-
731 : Howard ¦ st , nr. Third ; phone Grant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 8 Eddy st :
phone ¦ Mint 2941 ; JOHN F. COOPER. . pres. •
; furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.; of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ;• tel. , PrL Ex. 5T1.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
i - dise. . 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 126k
GOLDEN WEST 'Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st; tel. Howard 941. I . W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 28L
BEKIN-S Van and Storage Co.. 11 . Montromery
j st: tel. Main -1840.1 Shipping at cut rates.'
SP3B01AX i NOTICES.
NOTICE is. hereby given that the Maria Kip
: Orphanage • of : 520 Lake St. San Francisco,
• - has received ' the following orphan and half
' - orphan ' girls = from • July. 1 ; to Oct 1, . 1904 :
, Louise - Carmenlta. ' aged 9 years : ' Evelyn * C.
•.. Nielsen.', aged ' 7 " years: * Saturnlna ;¦ Martin.
1 aged 10 years; Delores Martin, aged ,7 years;
¦\' Emma - B. ; Balrd, aged 3 - years . 8 months :
if Ruhy .j Karl." aged ;7..years • 8 months;-. Zlna
Romley, aged 1 year 2 months; Bessie Tur-
, . .' ner,: aged ; 7 years; - Edna - Turner, . aged ¦' 6 i
years; Grace Turner, aged 3 years 9 months. '
- • .MEDICAL— Continued.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in. trouble consult this specialist on female
- complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped;. the most difficult cases treated;
advice ; free. -' Office. 1018 Market st ,T ' ¦
LADIES suffering from : irregularities," sick or
"in trouble, consult . Dr." Sylvester. , 219 Kearny
"¦sf Relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations
LADIES — Kum round; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN,' residence 2995 Folsom st. 'corner
¦26th: ladles." reliefer no fee: $10.
':.j, . A MomiY.To soAav •
—Manhattan' loan
....ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN.
....INTEREST OH AND 6 PER CENT " .'
. CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
....... ....V... PROPERTY ..........*
Second mortgages,' life Insurance policies es-
- tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, - probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies - and undivided Interests in property
¦purchased. ¦; J '. - . ' > •
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY....'.
"¦•": Suite 107- 108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5324.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. . '• 1 - ; "-. .
.. -601-C02-603 Examiner building.
• -Quick settlements; no disappointments. ' -
l~.* 8ave expenses by dealing directly. ,
Estate, second mortgages, ' undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, . property in trust,
etc ; ' legacies. life estates and undivided In-
terests in. property purchased. :¦-.. ¦ ¦
' ¦ Courteous . treatment / ¦ Strictly confidential.
•• When -You Need Money. " .¦• -
See HERMAN MURPHY. > ' ¦
¦¦'¦. J- WILL LOAN
. , .. A reasonable amount on <
' . * .. ,.Mst 2d>or 3d- .:-::'¦¦'.
: Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels,': in ( city, ? town'-. : .> :
-, ' or country. -. ¦
;¦; . Low rate of Interest
Give full particulars - I
• - . of property or chattels.
1 - ¦¦".': ¦¦ '¦''¦'¦ Location,' etc.'- :*;¦'•
Box 490. Call office. ' i*£SJH
• SALARY LOANS-i-^ ' ." '-•'*,' ''¦¦-.': > . :-.r :"/i
' ¦• Money loaned . salaried people without secur-
ity or. Indorsement" knowledge of employer or
; any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
¦ call ; and get : terms. ; Drake, 463 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
.•*; removal; i no , publicity;'-, also ' on I real estate;
¦ Utor 2d mortgages or on any security;; any
.,1, amount O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.i
MONEY ¦'. loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
- chants, teamster* f. boarding-houses, c, without
security; easy payments; large business in 46
;;v principal . cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldf.vr*
HIGHLY - respectable \ privata s place * to obtain
¦¦" r. liberal i advances : on : diamonds, . Jewelry :« at ; 7
.;. per " cent ? interest"? Baldwin * Jewelry ¦ Store,
-; 006 Market; tel. Main 1644.%; Branch 19 Third.
i YOUNG/ & S COCs room] 637 < Parrott i bldg.'.i loan'
»;*l money * on i furniture, 1 -' pianos, ¦ eta, at • about
' . ¦ half the « rate" charged by other, people; mort-
; ¦ gages at high 'rates : and ; leases ; paid off i' ¦ •
! ~~Jg9!??T *O aqA»-j-QontlnW«a. \
ON salaries. Insurance polldeaTchatteT mort"
' f** es « ' diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN^AND TRUST CO.. '21 Itocgo^g
A— THE Portland Jew.lry Co.. 25 8tockton st*
ag^y^agr" YaltiiU>lc '-
SKT M T«Vrt'h'Tm t *r7:
can Realty and Bond Co.. 60 Columbian "idg?
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 007 Market at.
LOANS FROM $1 TO ' tlO.QW.
P^c^.T!r~ Monejr »°»ned on aalarlea without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cat rate. CaL Loan Co.,823 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal-
¦ no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet confidential. 26 Montgomery st. ra. it.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl -
* ure ', lD do"ed notes and other security a
F. Discount Agency. 143 Thelan bldg.
MONEY to; loan at low Interest; gold, silver.
MO T N ,EY, chattels, -other propositions. Bannan &
Hall, room 1213 Call bldg; : phone Main 3214.
DON'T borrow , money on salary ¦ until you see
.:.- us. ¦ Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
MONEY loaned 'on diamonds, watches Jewelry;
- oonfd.' t * Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans 'to salaried
employes. Room 811. > Mutual Bay.' Bk. ¦ bldg.
ALLIoans on diamonds and Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo.\-B.'F. Collateral Loan Bank, S38 Kearny.l
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal -
V no com.;i,Y.^.TREMAlN. room 81. 6 Eddy at*
CASH loaned salaried people on 'notes without
i ¦£¦ Indorser. MORRELL, -> 608 Examiner building. ¦
;. MOzrtrrlwAjrTEi):
WANTED— Loan $650, -i for a short time, on a
; floating property. .'Addrees' box 3908. - Call. ¦ . ?
. V : ..' MTXBICAL LNSTKUMEWTS. V*
20 PIANOS must ' be ; sold by Oct i- 1 ; : to } dls-
* . pose ; of these • high-grade instruments * in ' th9
few i days remaining,: prices have been cut
¦'.". ridiculeusly : low I and easy terms ' can ; be ' ob-
• ;- talned ; • such '• well-known - makes as Draper
r ,_- Bros., ; Stodard, - Wlntermuth i ; Co., 7 Stanley.
* ' Sons 5 are . offered > for - $133 ¦ and . $146 . for
¦¦ ' both : mahogany *¦ and ' walnut cases • . a few
; \ squares ; at $25 and (35- each : Simplex Piano
, " Players at. $125 and $150; - this ' is | positively
¦•.yourrlast'chance:'- first come i first ; served; no
\'o reserve.*.:; 769 Market st, second floor. -j. .;. \-^
A 'FEW. GENUINE j UPRIGHT: BARGAINS: :-"
I ' Mussard— Small ¦ upright, fin* '•¦ order. « ¦ . < ¦ ¦ - ,
: '-i Fischer-^Fine border, ,• very -.reasonable. \ " ' ~
• Sterling— Mahogany 'case; .used <1 ! year '" "
m Chickering— Mahogany, case, perfect : Order. ';"*
': ; ' Weber— Mahogany - case, ¦, 3 . pedals, like j new,'
; from $95 up; easy payments; all" guaranteed.
I j BENJ. , CURTAZ & SON, ; 18 CFarreU stT^ [
MTSCELLA1TEOTT3— FOB 8ALE— Con.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on . small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 1S7 Uont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs. '.,<
AN ¦ elegant sealskin for sale for $75. ; SE-
CDRITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Btockton.
ELEGANT diamond ring. $50; terms $S per
month. P. V. OARIN. 138 Montgomery at.
ELOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought sold and ' exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st: tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, j rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, ¦ 131 Post at.
EAFES-New and second-hand. THE HKB-
MANN SAFE CO., 807 Battery st : : -¦-
GASOLINE engines. . automobiles and launches;
all ilzea. J. J E. DOAK. 46 : Fremont st '
MISCELLAyEOUS WANTS.
AAA— Highest prices for ladles,' gents' castoS
clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento st
GASOLINE engines, pumps, pipe. etc. Box
3658. Call office.- - .¦* ¦-.:•,¦¦ ¦-¦.¦¦;.-
DIAMONDS and precious atones bought for
cash.. KARL. EBER & CO.. room 405. Ad-
i ami bldg., 209 Kearny st ; phone Black 3030.
WANTED — 1 two horsepower sweep. .Room
% 1408. Call building.. ; . ; ,-> .
WANTED — A" mea.t refrigerator, - about 5x7
feet; < must be cheap. '. Box 3867, ' Call office.
Levy ft Redler, highest price' for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing, and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2831:-
; ' ' " . MEDICAL. :.- .,.•.,- .
LADIES desiring - safe, \ sure . and quick '. relief
• from irregularities ¦ consult me; my ; methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant ¦' fees ; CONSULTATION ', AND AD-
VICE FREE: 17 1 years' - experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. "DR. WHITE.'
702 Market st. \ rooms 7 . and 8. \'~' : ' '¦¦•. .
LADIES— If you are in trouble, confid* In me.
Relief .for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
. these conditions. ; I' m ; the : only i GRADUATE
physician , hero * who , can ¦ say this.* Call ¦ or
write. - ' Confidential. - ' Est 14 years. ' : DR. ' R.
¦ H. WESTON. office 305 ICEARNT, ST. • : ,
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant: re-
:" . lief .guaranteed. 1003^ ¦ Market ¦ Bt.^opp.;5th.-
MRS. ¦. DR. ,; WTETH, specialist ; for "all ' female
\ complaints : and ' irregularities; ¦ Instant k relief
, guaranteed; 30 years', experience", 944 Poet st.
DR.- E. G.6WEST. : theiold.. reMable; physician
n and aurgeon. ,, aog Kearny, st;'. room ; LTy"-.^'-
DR. and MBS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
. original .' method - of . treatment" " 1126 1 Market.':
SEU WANTED — FEMALE— Continued. 1
irXJ'ERIENt'KD sewiivR machine ojxralCTS on]
o\fr»i!s. cc*t« and jumper*: vt*a<ly v.xrk. i
UEVI STKAL'FS a CO.. 32^ Frctaont st
Ai y!y to Mr. Davis.
WANTED — Trimmer for silk hats and plush
stw'.ng. OOi:PLA-N'D. <H)1 Merchant ct.
WANTED — A 'ycung wctcan to leara Horist
:; trade; ca!l «tt«»r 6 p. in. 311 Sntter nt.
STEADY rirl to assirt In bakery. Cor. Union
and Mat-os- etc.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
I'EHRrs MERCANTILE BlJHEAUi I
VX5 Market st.. room 325. fifth noor. - 1
Office hours. -9 a. m. to 5:50 p. m. ,
Clerical ntl? Furnished Fr»* to EmployerK.
Iiookkcpers assistant J1S to $25 week'
Stenographer fl3 vcek i
Manaaerr depacunemt store J25 week
Hill and «»r.try clerk J15 week'
Dru* clerk $12 ' week '
OTifcker ;i fis week.
Ttmekeeper |15 we « k
Accountant fl5 to J25 week !
Collector J15 ww .fc.
Floor niana«er , $18 week!
Two shipping clerks $15 week I
Oecfra.1 of Qce werk 515 week "
RSSk clerk fbond required) $25 week!
i?5our(r rear, learn dentistry.". $10 week i
8^6 Market rt.. room 323. fifth floor.
AT HORD & SMITirS.
Contractoni' Axents. 1<5 Third »t. ,
FREE FARE.
Tetm«er«, $3— Railroad work— teamater*. $2.
FREE FARE.
CocJ "waiter., Rood carap. 20 mlle« oct.
County, tcamstera. $2.
T'-J*t» Conrty. laborers, $2.
I.jv.ber pil^ni. north, $2 75 to $3.
l!an who understa-id* <lj-ein«. clv«.ninK etc
f!5 to ?20. . '
AT INDEPENDENT EMP. OFFICE.
Phcne Jimos 0576. 612 Merchant st.
20 laborers. clos« to city, $2 per day and in-
crease; lonjt Job. I
6 single h:«nd miners". $3 per day of S hours; :
2 y*arV wcrk.
Griddle man for restaurant, near city. %S ;
g&ni board per week.
D-fhwashrr, restaurant near city. $7 per week 1
otj"! fcuad. '
Hostler for stabl". city. $60. . ' I
L H. nAJIRIS and wife, plcaae call; donkey |
for wood*. $W and board; Mack-
$2 50 day and increase; 3 carpenter*. !
country. *3 day. fane refunded; 3 slnxie hand j
miner?. $:; day; milker and wife, $50 and'i
found: farmers. Jl day and $30 and found; )
trrand bc>- fcr factory, $4 week: plumber for !
•¦euntry; rid man to care for place $5 and i
found, and ether*. J. F. CROSETT * CO..
'«S25» Sacramento St.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO.
• Collectcr. city. $80.
Bookkeeper. $75.
Bookkeeper. $65.
, Stt-ccrrapher and. bookkeeper, country. $40
end found. ... ;
2 stenographers, city. $50 each.
Cai'. and see our list."
Mcved to n»>w Dcmckrat bldg. 61' Third
ft., rooms 9 and 10.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOTMEXT BUREAU.
«12 Ccmmercia! st ; phone Bush S33.
PIumV<?r, country Job, rood wages.
Cla»r r sn< i f^iass cutter, country; good wages;
we boss here, both Jcbs.
2 4-ho-se ranch teamsters. $30 and found.
Other Jobs.
WANTED— Busheler and tailor for country
«OTr: must be competent to make alterations
en men's Fuits: of Rood perajnal appearance
end able to help eel! furnl»hln(r roods, etc..
v.-fcen not otherwise engaged: permanent po-
fit:on; ealary' $15 week. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. C2> Sacramento 6t.
IV. I). EWER & CO.. C10 Cay st— Wanted. 3
!•¦ i"s from 12 to 14 years to help in large
grocery store, wrapping and assist generally:
with some experience preferred; wages from
S5 to $0 per week. • " > - '¦¦
WANTED — Man and wife to live on ranch for
C months; man must understand gardening,
wire must understand butter-making; wages
for hrth $40 and board: best of references re-
quired. Address bcx S0H9. Call office.
WANTED — For th* country, a typewriter and
ftenojrra^her: an unmarried man; vrill be ex-
pejettd to assist !n general office work. Ad-
' 'dn«, etattris ar" and namea of previous
•¦n:; lcycre, C. L. W.. bcx 4000. Call office.
BUTCHER, rood meat cutter, to take care of
shop: steady place for elderly, sober man;
wascs ?1S. 'Box 3773. Call office.
A DRIGHT young German, of good appearance
and experience, for outside work. Box 3781.
Call office. -
BARBER fcr Saturday. S9 Third «t.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 420
Broadway. ¦-•:*•-• •
BARBER wanted. 131 Valencia st.
WANTED — First-class tailor's cutter. Address
box 3774. Ca'.l effice. . .
WANTED — A bright man, take charge of real
estate department. Box 3C31, Call office.
WANTED — * carpenters. HILLS 4 FISHER,
€24 Merchant st. ,
A GRAINER waited; steady Job. 1521 Devis-
adero si ; '
BOT to work at painting. Call at S10 La-
guna. st. *•
$sr. — BaRBER shop . for sale; 2 revolving
chairs. 1334 Market st. •
TWO educated gentlemen for solicitors; no
others need apply: & legitimate business;
references required; state particulars; write
for interview; splendid opportunity. Box
3637. Cail office. ' ¦ ¦ '
MEN to learn barber trad*; only eight weeks
required; only ir.Ftitutlcn teaching the ton*
aortal art. Oil or write tor tree catalogue.
Epecial offer. Mohler Barber College, 649
Ejicamecto st.
LEARN the barber trad* at Halxbt's; be
teaches you in shops: the only practical
method: wages while lear&lnr; don't mix us
with take barber colleges. 647 Commercial
at.t. osemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled Laborers, axe Inrlted
to register with us fre« of charge. HORD A
SMITH. 83 Third rt.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare * for
Government posltlont. Apply for fre« cata-
iogne giving particularBv Padflo Correspcnd-
eccs Institute. Grant tUlg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. H*no Hoon proprietor, has
adfled 10O xtew rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.: 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
PARTY with sxnsil amount to take exclusive
- county rights for automatic window screen;
also eell territory. Box 3615. Call office.
WANTED — A No. 1 carpenter, old man, to
k*ep bocks and act as foreman In shop. Call
' 3373 - Eighteenth st.. near Mission.
FIRST-CLASS Jobbing plumber and roof re-
pairer; state wages and where last . em-
ployed. Box 296U Call office. ¦
TTANTED^ — Men to fill 830 rooms at 2Oo per
night; clothes closeta. hair mattress, electric
light In every room. <SS1 Howard st.
6. r. Barber College, 741 Howard St.. wants all
yocsg men to know that It has th* finest
equipped school vest of St. Louis; red. rates.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to COc. SC3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d »ts..
or 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
TUT our men'* shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot -form shoea. *2 60; we pay. express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bld.;open till B p.m.
STENOGRAPHER, male, single." efficient- 314
. geett «t.
ENERGETIC, reliable men as city and coun-
try agents: steady positions. 247 Fifth St.
BOT wanted at Central Iron Works, Eight-
eenth and Florida sts.
BARBER shop for sale; 5 chairs; established
IS years: 3 years* lease... S9hi Turk rt.
$125— FIKST-CLASS shop: good business; 2 '
chalrt; old stand. 1547 Mint Ion at. ¦¦ ¦ j
MEN to learn the detective profession. 9V7 ,
Market St., room 104.
• MAN wanted to sell good« to saloon trade, Ap- /
p»y E. COLEMAN. IS24 Market st j
FOR *aie — A bargain; two-chair barber shop; 1
niUM go East. 1606 Devisadero st.
WILL, teach cne, young man the barber trade: '
paid while Icarclnr. 731 Mission el. . <
SAILORS and crdlnsry teamen for all parts of )
the world at HERMAN'S. 20 gteuart st
MEN wanted at 137 Sd St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 mln..7Sc
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for i
sfalps HALLBERT. £17 Jackson at ,
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments. I
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy.. r. 415. |
PENSION Atty.. E.A,Bnllis, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Oco. : H. Thomas Port. O. A. . R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, « Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; S5c night; reading rooms:
free - 'bus aod baggage to and - from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
BBnflszWGMMKWBSBBgBSBBBBSHBSBEBSsSHssSBssSBBk I
l-^l^lplipS : : A Coupon Entitling You to : : pf|p|H
1 l€i^,| One Pound 40^Cent>|£M£E
Imported and Scientifically Roasted, and Is Perfection
of fiuality in Coffee. On Sale at the 100 Stores of the
Great* American Importing Tea Co.
Your Choice of a Pound of
Mocha. Java, or Mocha and Java Blend
FREE With Every 25-Cent Small Ad in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
*J The Coffee we offer you is the very best that
R" ,¦¦¦-¦¦¦-¦¦ . . ¦: ¦ • , ' v ¦ ¦
4O cents can buy in any part of the world, and none
*^ could be fresher, for each day tlie stores of the
S GREAT AMERICAN' IMPORTING TEA CO. are
H' ¦¦ ' ' .- -¦ . ¦¦ ¦' ¦ •.
replenished and the Coffee only grqund on receipt
*^ of your coupon, thus retaining until almost the
*^ moment of use the volatile properties that charaeter-
* ize the beveracre * ..
Not alone do you secure a pound of the purest,
P freshest, high grade Coffee on the market, but you
V* receive in addition from the GREAT AMERICAN
A IMPORTING TEA CO. an EXTRA PREMIUM, entitling
P you to a selection from a thousand articles of Glass-
Ix. were, Chinaware, Plateware, etc., any one of which
E would cost you from* 15 to 20 cents. Our offer this
M week therefore means 55 to 60 cent values for a
IN THE WHOLE SERIES OF PREMIUMS OFFERED OUR PATRONS IN
THE PAST NONE HAVE COMPARED IN VALUE TO THIS ONE : : :
Any one bringing a 25-cent Small Ad to our office
THURSDAY, FRIDAY OR SATURDAY
Will receive FREE a coupon, good at«any one of the fol-
lowing stores for a pound of Coffee and an'Extra Premium:
861 MARKET STHEET 213 SUTTER STREET 1419 FOLK STREET
140 SIXTH STREET 1819 DETISADE2O STREET 705 XlARKICT STREET
475 HAIOHT STREET 3006 SIXTEENTH STREET 146 HIUTH STREET '
3285 MISSION STREET 521 MONTGOMERY AVE1TOE 355 HATES STREET
2C08 riLLMORE STREET 2516 MISS1OK BTREET 52 MARKET STREET
366 THIBD STREET 469 FOURTH STREET 806 THIBD STBEET .JPts
' . 2732 TWEWTTT-FOURTH STREET >
< 1053 WASHINGTON STEEET, OAKLAND 1355 PARK STBEET, ALAMEDA
1510 SEVENTH STREET. OAKLAND 2141 CENTER STREET. BERKELEY
1185 TWENTY-THIRD AVENUE. OAKLAND 823 FOURTH STREET. SAN KAPAEl
616 EAST TWELFTH STREET. OAKLAND C v wv 5 « »ArAtli
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, Third and Market Streets
Oakland Office - - - 1016 Broadway
WA^TSB — MALE — Continued.
A — MUHRAY & READyT 634^ andl5c~Clay st.
Phor.e Main 5?4«.
leading Emrlo>-m{-nt and Labor Agents.
We rpoak rhe German. French, Italian.
Scandinavian. Greek. Spanish. Slavonian and
Danish language*.
1003 We Gave 1901 We Hope to
CO.OOO Men Work. Increase 00,000.
GOLD MIXES COAL
SILVER MINES COPPER
Blacksmith, placer mine $C0 f d. ; carpenter,
mine, ncrth, $C0 fJ.
COAL MINE.
STATE OF WASHINGTON.
10 coal miners, company guarantees - $3 to
f3 75 day can be made; good accommoda-
tions; part tare refunded.
Porter, bakers, city. $5 week.
3 baker*' helpers, city Jobs. $25 to $40 fd.
iP!umbcr, city job. $4 to $5 day.
10 carpenters. $:t to $4 day.
rLUMBERS.
6 plumbers, fare paid, north, $4 day; 4 bench
hands; (5 cabinet-makers; 3 iron-molders: Bee
boss here, $:{ 00 day; 2 brushmakers; 3 paper
hangers, city.
MURRAY & READY. .634 and 63C Clay st
10 LABORERS, nrar city, steady, $2 day.
Stableinan, country stable. $35 and found.
COOKS. WAITERS.
. BUTCHERS. ETC.
German cook, country hotel. $50 and found.
« ether cocks 5 waiters." 14 dishwashers, etc
WOODCHOPPERS.
10 men to chop stovewood, north; good, long
job; fare <2 50; $2 cord.
Handy man for ranch. . $3} and found. -•> J
MARRIED?
Working foreman and wife for ranch. $60 fd.
Marriid farmer, no work for wife, $30 fd.
Farmer and wife Oregon. $40 fd.
FARMS— DAIRIES.
30 plow tramttes. $-"J0 to $Z5 and f d. ; 10 gen-
eral farm hands. $24 to $30 and fd.; 10 milk-
ers, city ami country; 10 choremen and I
choreboys: boys for grocery stcres, city Job»; I
boys for factories. ¦ i
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY STORE.
MidJle-aged man to keep books and do ste-
nography.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay st
AT
FACTORY WORK.
10 laborers, manufacturing company, $60.
3 FOREMEN.
Concrete foreman, country Job; good wages.
Rock foreman: see boss here; $C5 and found.
Scraper teamster foreman. $(S and found.
2 tincrle hand miners, small mine. $40 and fd.
Teamster, city Job $2 day; porter, city ware-
house, German preferred. $12 week ; ycung
man to drive butcher wagon. $10 to $12 week.
Young nan to help on milk wagon. $35 fd.
BLACKSMITH, MINE.
Blacksmith and tool sharpener, mine, Ne-
vada. S-'l 50 4ay.
3 carpenters, hardwood finishers, $3 50 day.
2 tinners, city, pocd wages; 3 errand boys,
$1 and $9 week.
6 ITALIAN'S
To cut cord wood; 50c fare; pood wages.
Working foreman, ranch. *«outh. $35 to $40 fd.
CONFECTIONER.
Firft-class confectioner, city. $75 to $85 fd.
FARE PAID—OLD MEXICO.
Sonpmaker for old Mexico, J^0 to $50 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market si. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. " ': ;>
ALL siz«>s men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5fi3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
SOLICITORS WAKTED. ______
SOLICITORS — $50 per month straight salary,
or commission If desired. Addres* 1010H
Washington St., rooms 6 and 7, Oakland.
HORSES AJTO WAGOK8.
FOR sale at Eclipse Stable, 1375 Eddy at—
4 stylish driving horses, single and double;
cne large stylish surrey horse: very gentle.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stable*. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
ONE small team buckskins. 5 years old; broke
double and single. 517 Ivy ave.. nr. Laguna.
BAY mare; weight 1400 lbs.; single or double.
Apply Mascot Stable. 1106 Golden Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS buelness wagon; call before 10
o'clock. 1412 E Ninth st.. East Oakland.
AUCTION sale at 220 Valencia st. Saturday.
11 a. m.; 100 brad broken horses.
ALL kinds of business wagons, surreys and
buggies and carts cheap. ' 1504-6 Folsom st
FINE rubber- tire Victoria, the latest kind,
for sale cheap. 1503 Folsom st
GOING out of business; new and second-hand
wagons sold cheap. 16S0 Mission st. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sale cf horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
cea*. work ft driving horses. lSth-Valencia.
HOTJSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; «>end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN 4 CO.. 20 Montgomery
gQTjsES rroancntEP— r on sale.
FOR sale — Furniture of 6 or 7 rooms; house,
7 rooms and bath, for rent; a home. 943
McAllister st
A SNAP — Sunny comfortable, furnished room-
ing-house. 9 rooms and bath; $27 50 month;
no agent; rent well. Box 3C99, Call office.
12- ROOM bouse; rent $40. 816 McAllister
street.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$7 MONTH — 4-room cottage, rear, near Geary-
street cars. 171 Collins st. W.
LOST AOT) rOPBD,
$400 REWARD — Lost, on October 13, one dia-
mond and ruby Seur de Us ring and other
jewelry; no questions asked. Return to
MRS. H. WALLACE, The AUamont 1180
Mason st
LOST — A brlndle bull terrier pup; answers
name Major; reward. DOELL BROS., 501
Eighth st
LATTBTCgES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1*32-84 Howard st: phone 8outfa 218.
MUB3 1 ACT MINING.
I MAKE a specialty of selling good mining
property. A. D. RENFRO. Crossley bldg.
aUSCELLAJTEOPS— -FOB BALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, ate., etc, bought sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beal* st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 185-187 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repalr,lt with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
ceeds no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st
FOR Bile — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: easy payments; we rent tables
with rrivllt-ge of buying: modern bar fixtures-
cheap price*. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDEIt. 6S2 Mission st
I AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
i > and sealskins for sal* on small weekly pay-
ments: goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 2S3-2M Spear st
A— THE <P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
A SNAP — 4ft-ft cabin launch; most seaworthy
on bay: must sell; cheap. C. UACK, 1503 Do-
lores st.
REPUTABLE - place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits.' J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st (formerly at Palace Hotel). ..
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 * pair;
foot-form sho«s at 12 BO: we pay express
charges/ 11 3d rt.. Exam. bid. : catalog free.
H. ANDERSON, 28 CFarrell st— Theatrical,
masquerade and carnival costumer.
FINE talking - polly : and ; canaries for sal* at
559% Minna st. ¦¦¦ - ¦•¦ . '
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market St.
Wallpaper. 3 Vic; paint. $1 gal.; painting, whit-
ening. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel.Stefner 3671
SAFES and ' cash registers.'' new • and i second*
hand. L FREEMAN. 1325 Market. st
BARGAINS In 2d-hand cash registers. '". includ-
ing Nationals. 1 guaranteed ; ; terms. , 14 Turk ' st
2D-H AND ' bldg. 'material ; \ lumber, door, sstsn.
plumb, material. The Dolan; Co.. 1607 Mrkt.
FULL line of. drummers' samples in grips and
trunks: for tale cheap at 25 Stockton ¦ st
QUALITY"4l)<ENTC0FFEET06nALLADPATR0NSSUNDAY-FREE
MAL ESTATE — CTTT— JOB SAXJB.
1 ' ¦ --- -
PEREMPTORY
PEREMPTORT
CREDIT SALE.
CREDIT SALE.
IMPORTANT TO HOMESEEKEKS.
IMPORTANT TO HOJIE3EEKER3.
We Will Offer at
AT OUR SALESROOM.
20 MONTGOMERY ST..
20 MONTGOMERY ST..
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 29. 1904,
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 29. 1804.
AT 1 O'CLOCK P. M..
32 BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS
32 BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE LOTS
— — -J
Aa Per Diagram. _
DON'T MXSS THIS OPPORTUNTTT. *'.
DON'T i/ISS THI3 OPPORTUNITY.
J l__ '¦ I L
238 STREET' -
17 II II 20 21 Q 11 2«
'all I I 1 l'§
3 i» » a
a s « M a
S 8 _ u " s I N
* 8 13 2t 8 S
g 3 « n s 3 K
¦ 8 " », a s
> s io ai a -?
S MO • 32 ICO
§ I I I I III"
12 3 4 5 17 8 %
252525 25 Vt 25252ft
, e*w t'"^ 24TH STREET ?*"JJJ!'F._
"i r~ r
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH. '
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
Balance Can Remain for 1. 2 or 3 Years
At SIX Per Cent
STREETS SEWERID.
STREETS SEWERED.
24TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
24TH-ST. CARS PASS THE PROPERTY.
Property adjacent is building up very rapidly.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com-
pany will receive applications for policies of
insurance on eaca lot for the nominal sum of
(7 5a
. ','¦ X " . _____
FOR FURTHER PARTICULARS
Apply to .
a H. UMBSEN * CO.. ¦
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
SI 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table:, on stnat
grade; dose to fine school: not far from Um
Mlsston-st electric cars; secure on* as aa
Investment and by the time- It Is paid for'lt
will have doubled in value the way price*
have advanced during th* past year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive in this
¦ rapidly growing section.
¦ W. J. WHITE,
20 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 8704.
$1000- FOR 2 lots, northeast cor. Sanches andi
Palmer sts.; must be sold for mortgage; $230
down, balance $20 per month. Cbttagesv S924
Army st and 3730 Army st ; $2230. D. CO7-
¦PIN. 2S2S Mission st. near Twenty-first
$3000 — 7-ROOM house; lot 25x110; Richmond
District: all modern Improvements; street
traded and sewered; this Is a bargain. 3.
W. JAQUITH A CO.. 1312 Market st. r. 4f9.
MUST sell: very cheap: S furnished houses;
8 IS and 21 rooms: will sell together or sep-
arate: all money makers. Particulars with
¦ .O. CONRADL 319 Taylor st
FOR sale — 3 colonial houses, 0 rooas, batik
and basement; beautifully finished, up to
date and sunny: east side of Tenth ave.. n«a»
I st. Sunset Hallett A Gee, on prtrnnisw.
FOR sale — Cheap: fine cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; high basement 279 Jersey st. _**_>
Noe; inquire next door. 283. -
A WELL-RENTED pair of Bats; lot 23x114;
in Mission; price $4000. Owner, box 3649.
Call office ¦
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, 1C included.
any location, oa $1 25 per week. Mutual
Horn* Building Association. 427 CrossUy bid.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL*
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. SM Howard st.
BAJT MATBO -tSA-U'ESTATB.
LOMITA PARK — Oa Una of San Matao eleotrto
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sta. ;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond wh«r*
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff" will Join
the main line; 60- foot lots from $400 up;
j terms only $10 down and $10 a month; sewer
" and water pipes in front of every lot; pur*
artesian wall water; ITS lots sold slnoe-
AugUfct 1: an «xoeptlon»» -portunity to s»-
¦ cure a lot In this deslr* .*• section; tak« In*
electrio can and get off at ''LOMITA
PARK" and Investigate; maps sent oa ap-
plication.
SELBT. RODGERS A CO..
Tet Main 873. 116 California st.
$300— BIO lots; a stone's throw from the sta-
tion; on graded streets; watar mains laid oa
all streets: thousands of dollars have be«a
- spent on Improvements; the best and cheap-
est lots in the State for the money: only $30
cash, balance $10 monthly; - an Ideal place
for a borne: send for maps,
LYON A ROAC.
«¦ , 118 Montgomery st -
BBAX «8TAT1>— COT7HTBT— JPCT ****
SALE or exchange- for city property: sacriflc*;
153 acres. Napa Co.: «O acre* In cultivation:
fruit vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's boot*.
„ BHAPBURNK. 4Q& Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERSt
Send postal for catalogues e f the t>est tend
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTXR CO..
«48 Maraet st ' ' '
$»000 WILL secur* a large tract of land that
-Is wcrth four times tn« amount asked: sous*
be sold before November 1; a ehanc* to mak*
_ : a fortune; poejtlvaly no rlsfc. Box 2702. Call.
TORcood Government lands InquJr* 300 Lar-
: kin st." room «a. near City Hall.
SXAL ESTATE TO SXCMAsTOa. /.I
CLEAR ; Oakland. Berkeley or 3. I*. • property
for ranches < J. H. BDSON. X*-IS Bacon
block. Oakland.
' TTPXTUTXXTSBS AND SUPPLIES. -
AN •xceptionally good No. 2 Remington. Now 1
Smith Premier. $23; otbar typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals S3 &). Th*
Typewriter , Exchange. 539 . California st
2D-HAND ' typewriters sold, rented, repaired.'
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Ca. 506 Market
¦"-.-_ ri^-._ _ _ '.¦¦; : y****z^ M^ rx^.. J^ n _-^_
A WAY to , health; mothers" and . daughters'
home t treatment: booklet 'free; -• writ* for. it
'. j. via VI CO.." .Van Nes».' Phone East 282.
For /Additional Classified - Advertlse-
jnents See Page 14.SAN DIEGO, Oct. 28. — At a meet
ing of the' board - of directors of the
Chamber of Commerce , this afternoon
the' t measure for ¦ the completion of the
seawall- of, "San "Francisco was ; in
dorsed. 'At the same .time: the direc
tors called attention J to the fact that
the improvement of Sari Francisco
harbor would be to the benefit. of the
entire ' State. ~ '¦.' ? , ; ' •• '» :
Directors of . San Diego's Chamber of
Commerce Indorse Project.
FAVOR -. SEAWALL' ACT.
. City and County of San Francisco i to Rose
8tahl,-< lot . on NE corner of Jackson and Gough
Btreetg'N 258:4^. E t 212:6.;8 127:8^4. W.62:l.
- Caroline : P. and George' F. Smith to Iildor
Lipman.lot on E-line of Fillmore street.* 50 S
of-Pine.-:S TO.by E 81:3; flO.' ., * . v*-. ,
City and County of San Francisco to Patrick"
J. Mlhegan.' lot on S line of Pine street, 131:3
W of Fillmore. LW. 00 by S 1 127:6; f— . :r •
•-:'¦ 8ame ' to John ,' C. and ' Minnie . A. " Bateman,
lot on SW; corner of Bush and Stelner streets.
W 20:2 by S 76:6; S— — . , -. , . .,,'
George E. Tooker.t to'. F. H. Gunz, lot on W
line ' of Deviaadero- Btreet, 159:8. N of Ridley
N'25byiW;l23; $10. " . , „ , . *
•City and; County of San Francisco to Michael
J.- and: Mary ,E..McDermott, lot on. S Mine 'of
Golden Gate avenue., 87 :0:E of Central, ?E 25
by.S 100: $-^— .V . ¦ ' <
' game to Agnos A. Sccbie.'lot on N corner of
Eleventh : and i Kolsom streets, . NW 275,". NE ' 65.
NW:0:0. NF; ".140.'- SE 137:8. vSW.-U3,-> SB. 0:«,
SW*35,|SE?137:6, :SW^10l;i* .
'- i Same J to > Solomon - arid i Ruth '< V.% Hyman ; lot
on SE corner of • Sixteenth street and Hoff ave^
nue,; S ; 137 :6 by: E 100: i > ;:-';V><^ - v'"^'^-^^
;;."Same.,to KatharinaOffenbacher. lot on' S lino
6f. Eighteenth' street,': 83 E, of : Dolores, 'E 25 by.
.. Wary' J." G. v ; Davidson' to' Eva. A. aadfAIexaq?
FRIDAY. OCTOBER 28.
REAL ESTATE \ TRANSACTIONS.
f ? A r .welcome - reception will be '; given
them t this evening i at the' Young Men's
Christian fAssociation'.buildlngsby the
board I of management of the -Women's
"W. AV. Dillioh of the University of
Illinois, class of '98. has been secured
as /assistant; State secretary of the
Young! Men's '. Christian "Association in
California. .; His '-'''duties • in California
v<rill ,• be -to organize new associations
and strengthen the work of those al
ready; in - existence. He will be asso
ciated with B.'-B. Wilcox, State secre
tary.'.;" ;. " ' ''-':¦¦- '. - 7; - . , ',.:.
Harry. O. Hill takes ; up his work aa
the Pacific Coast? States international
secretary.:- He isia'graduate of North
westerni".University 'and ;he^' will^ give
specials attention to^ the 'development
and f iextenslon'- of ; the ; Young Men's
Christian 'in the colleges
of>the Pacific Coast, r; .
\V. W. Billion and Harry O. . Hill to
Take Up Work- of. Organization
at" Once.
ARRIVED.
Friday. October 2S.
, Schr Sacramento. Gruggel. 6 days from Slu»
law River.
Schr Lettita. Anderson. S days from Grays
Harbor. : .*
MEMORANDUM.
SEATTLE. Oct. 28.— Stmr Harold Dollar.
Captain Twing. hence Oct. 2O for Petrocau
lovskl. put In here for repairs.
SEATTLE. Oct. ffl.— Sound stmr Skagtt
Queen sank last night In Sltag River."
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr St Paul
for S»n Francisco. - . - .
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 2S— Schr Robert
Searles. hence Oct 10.
FOREIGN PORT. (
'VICTORIA— Sailed Get 28— Br stmr Tele
machuj. for Liverpool; stmr Leelanaw, for
Treadwall.
OCEAN STEAMERS.'
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool ; stmr La Savoie. from
Havre. - ¦
-Salted Oct 2S— Stmr. Celtic, for Liverpool.
. -IVERPOOL-JArrtved Oct 2S— Stmr Roman
from Portland — — . :'..•— apa ¦_ «*pi itfyJ
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 2S— Stair _u
cania. frotn New -Yotk. for Liverpool.
COPENHAGEN— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Island,
from New' York.'flQlnqui— mObm
"GLASGOW— Sailed Oet 2S— Stmr Lauren
tian. from. New York.
-GENOA— Arrived Oct 2*— Stmr Hohenzol
lern. from New York, via Gibraltar and Na
ples. -^¦1p§BMAqMip|p(rjaMM— ¦
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Bluech
er. from ¦ New York,' for Cherbourg a— A Ham-
ABLE 51EVHERE TO ASSUME
DUTIES WITH Y. M. C. > A."
liATE SHIPPING IXTELlUGEN'CE.
Bell Speaks at . Chico.
CHICO, Oct. 28.— A large meeting
was addressed this evening by Con
gressman Theodore A. Bell.
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
'OU 6tock— Bid. Asked.
Associated Trust Cert ¦ 24 25
Caribou 7 00
'Four 57 ....
Home 85 87&
Independence 23 ....
Junction 14 15
MonteCrlsto ....\.. «0 65 -
Occidental of W Va. 03 ....
Oil City Petroleum 5« 67
Peerless 11 00 12 75
S F & McKlttrlck 100 3 00
Sovereign * 34
Sterling ». 2 00 2 60
! Superior 00 . ... .
Twenty-eight 0 37& ....
West Shore 180 ....
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 60 . , TO
. SALES.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
50 Caribou 5 50
; 160 Fischer's Theater 60
1C0 Associated Stock 2t> •
5000 Independence 28
200 Four ••• ' 56
100 Junction 15
Afternoon Session.
7000 Independence • 28
47 Superior •••. W
BOO Fischer's Theater «?
100 Home : *°
100 Home 87%
-200 Home '•••• 85
?. Jiiing Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornl ng , Session — Corns locks.
600 Alpha ....... 10! 200 Ophlr ........2 25
300 Con Cal & V.I 551 200 Savage 2S
500 Gould _ Cur. 15 2C0 Union Con.... 38
100 Mexican .....1 151
Afternoon Session— Comstocks.
100 Caledonia 40| 600 Mexican 1 30
600 Con Cal & V.I^0i 900 Sierra Nev..;. 31
400 Con Cal & V.I 85| 3C0 Union Con.... 43
200 Confidence ... 8511000 Union Con.... 44
200 Crown Point.. 10| 400 Yellow Jacket. 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid.' Ask. I •'.-'. Bid. Ark.
Alpha ....... Itf 18! Julia 07 OS
Alta ........ 04 OC| Justice 06 «7
Andes ....... 24 25|Kentuck . 02 03
Belcher ..... 28 291 Lady Wash ..02 C5
Best & Belch.l 20 1 25i Mexican 1 25 1 30
Bullion ...... 20 22|Occldental ... 74 76
Caledonia.... 40 4llOphir ..2 50 2 55
Challenge ... 20 22 Overman 14 18
Chollar 20 21 Potosl 13 13
Confidence ... 84 86 Scorpion ...... 05 07
Con Cal & V.I S5 1 90' Savage .......' 28 29
Con Imperial. 01 C2[Seg Belcher... 07 09
Con NY.... 03 C5| Sierra Nev 30 32
Crown Point.. 0» 11 Silver Hill 52 53
E Sierra Nev 03 06 St. Louis .... 08 10
Eureka Con.. — B0 Syndicate 03 OS
Exchequer... 45 50 Union Con.... 43 45
Gold & Cur. 16 17 Utah 08 10
Hale & Nora 60 6T,j Yellow Jacket. 20 21
TONOPAH AND.GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
' Morning Session. . ,
5000 Esperanza ... 01 1 200 Ton Belmont.. 71
200 MacNamara . 301 500 Ton Ohio .... 30
Afternoon Session.'
300 Jumbo ...... 52|15OO MacNamara .. 29
200 Mont Ton..l 02^1 600 Ton Gold Mt. 18
¦300 Ton Belmont.. 70| 100 Ton of Nev... 9 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
5 Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ton of Ner.. — 9 75| Rescue 10 11
Mont Ton ...1 90 1 951 Ray & O'Brien — 08
Ton Exten ..1 85 — (Paymaster ... 02 05
MacNamara . 28 301 Little Ton ..20 —
Ton Midway.. 37 40|Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton Belmont.. 69 70 Gold Anchor.. 20 —
Ton N Star... 18 19lQulncy ' 11 —
"West End ••• — 18! N Y Ton ...» — 10
Ton Gold Mt. IS 20 j
_., Goldfleld.
Sandstorm... IS 24! Goldfleld Mhk. — 20
Red Top 13 14! Jumbo 51 53
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session. / -
900 Goldfleld Mln 621 800 Mont Ton ...1 90
700 Goldfleld Mln 54| 60 Mont Ton...l 92^
500 Jumbo Ex..: 16J13CO Ton Belmont.. • 71
200 MacNamara . 29 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 18
20CO MacNamara -. 2813500 Ton Midway... 37
1000 MacNamara . 30|
' , .Afternoon Session.
1000 Black Ants .. 101 400 Mont Ton ...1 80
200 Bunker H111..1 45 2C0 Red Top ..... 18
600 Goldfleld Mln B3 600 S Eureka .... 40
400 Jumbo ...... 53 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 18
1100 Jumbo Ex .. 16 25 Ton of Nev... 9 25
400 MacNamara . 28 25 Ton of Nev. 9 12V4
100O MacNamara . 30
CLOSING QUOTATION3.
Bld.ABk.j Bid. Ask.
Adams — 11 N Y : Ton • If. — OB
Black' Ants .. — 10 N Y T Con M 09 11
Black Butte.. 18 — Paymaster ... 02 03
Blue Bull M. — 28 Qulncy ". . 11
Booth M Co. 10 — Ray Exten . . " — 08
Esperanza ... — ' 01 Ray & O'Brien — ¦ 1O
Goldfleld B Bl — 22 Ray Ton .... 14
Goldfleld B&B — 14 Red Top ..... 13 14
Goidfleld Dmd — 20 Rescue 10 11
; Goldfleld Min 62 65 Rothwell OK 01 •' —
Gldfld Red L » 05 07 Sandstorm ... 20 \ —
Goldfleld SPk. 18 Ton Belmont.. -^-72
Goldfleld. Ton. . — 111 Ton' & Cal ¦.. -20
GoldMtCon. — O2|Ton' Exten * ..1 80
Hazel Kirk .. — J2!Ton & Gt W. - — 02
Jim Butler .. 45 : ,55lTon Gold Mt. 17- 18
Jumbo ....... 82 54lTon Midway.. 3B 37
Jumbo E_ .. - 1fl — iTon of Nev. 9 12?4 9 25
Little Ton .. 25 — Ton N Star... is
Lucky Tom.. — : 19!Utopla ......10
MacNamara . — Ml Vernal M - Co. 08 —
Mont : Ton ..1 CO 1 92% I West End ... ip 13
READY TO DISTRIBUTE.— The. estate of
the late Rosa Levy has been appraised at
$74,750. Including the property at the corner
of Van Ness avenue and Geary street, "valued
at $54,000. A final account and petition for
distribution ' were nlet by the executors. Leo
pold Mlchels and Louis Levy, son-in-law and
husband Of the deceased.
WILLING "WORKERS' ENTERTAINMENT.
The first entertainment and dance given under
the auspices of the Willing Workers of the
Bush street synagogue will ' take place • at
Golden Gate Hall on Sutter street to-morrow
night. ¦ A pleasing feature of the programme
wilt, be the Oppenheim views of Jewish life,
explained by Rabbi , Bernard M. Kaplan. A
dance will follow the entertainment..
¦ IS3UES LICENSE FOR NEW BANK.— The
Board of Bank Commissioners Issued a license
yesterday for ' the establishment of the Mer
cantile Savings and Trust Company of Los An
geles. The new. Institution is capitalized - at
$250,000, which Is . fully : subscribed - and half
paid up. , The president of. the bank in F. M.
Douglas and the cashier is Charles Ewing.
CONFERENCE COMES TO A CLOSE.— The
General Congregational Association of Califor
nia (North) Conference came to' a close yester
day morning .. at ¦ the '.Third Congregational
Church. Fifteenth . street, near Mission.' -Re
ports of delegates to the National Council were
received . and ,' addresses , were delivered. The
conference has been a memorable one.
WANTS SALES CANCELED.— Tax Collector
Smith and Auditor Baehr yesterday requested
the Supervisors to cancel the certificates of
sales to the State of property belonging to I*
J. Ssuller and Lena Oppenheim, tho taxes of
which were paid. but were not marked
"paid" on the assessment roll through an
error.
ALLEGED BURGLAR ARRESTED.— A. Os
bourn. a laborer.' was arrested last night by
Officers Behan and Dougherty on Clay street
and placed on the detinue - book at the City
Prison. He Is accused of robbing the room o*
his employer. Alexander Home of Pinole, a
few weeks ago. stealing $45.
ASPHYXIATED BY OAS.— Richard & Heath,
an employ« of Balfour, Guthrle & - Co., was
tound dead from gas asphyxiation In his room
at 2414. Webster street yesterday. He went to
his room At 1 o'clock and his body was discov
ered four hours later. - He had been somewhat
despondent and death was undoubtedly self-In
flicted. jnBGBBflHHMMGMMMi
DIMMICK'S APPEAL SUBMITTED.— Th«
points in the appeal before the United States
Circuit Court of ¦ Appeals in the case of the
United States vs. Walter X. Dimmick. con
victed of stealing $30,000 from the branch mint
In this city, were submitted on brief. ' ,
DR. EMILY NOBLE LECTURES.— Dr. Em
ily Noble grave an interesting Illustrated lecture
on "St. Louis World's Fair" last night, under
the auspices of the Camera Club, at the Al
hambra. The hall was filled and the lecture
appreciated. '
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
The decision of the Supreme Court
prevents the placing of the charter
amendments on the ballot at the elec
tion of November 8 next, because two
years have not elapsed since the last
submission of amendments on Decem
ber 4, 1902. Rohcovleri is desirous of
haying the proposals voted on so they
may, if adopted, be ratified by the
Legislature. Even if immediate action
were taken by the Supervisors the
amendments could not be so ratified
until. the latter part of January owing
to the time required for publication and
other proceedings.
"I herewith , transmit to you a copy
of the text of the decision of the Su
preme Court in the case of the charter
amendments and respectfully request
that you refer the same to the Joint
committee on school amendments in
order that the Board of Supervisors
may take action at next Monday's ses
sion, looking toward an early.submis
sion of the proposed school amend
ments to the suffrages of the electors
of this city and county."
Alfred Roncovieri, president of tho
Board of Education,- yesterday sent a
communication to the Board of Super
visors asking: that immediate action be
taken on the petitions signed by more
than 30,000 voters r that the proposed
charter amendmenta affecting the pub
lic school department be submitted at
an early date. The communication
says:
Roncovieri Wants School Board Char
ter Amendments Submitted.
ASKS SUPERVISORS TO ACT,
The appointment of George Tuthlll as
starting judge by the California Jockey
Club was unquestionably an excellent
move. George is a thorough horseman
and will be able to observe many little
things which escape the starter.
Thomas H. Williams, president of the
California' Jockey Club, who has been
absent on a business trip East for some
weeks, is e'xpected home tq-morow.
Fred Leppert,- for several years with
Bookmaker Fred Cook, is due here to
morrow, along V'ith other Chicago pen
cllers.
Illilouon, the. useful plater purchased
by J. J. Ferguson from Billy Randall
at the "close" of the Portland meeting,
will not race the cqmlng ' season for
most excusable reasons. The gelding
was one of a batch of horses that ar
rived by steamer from Seattle yester
day morning, and proved a poor sailor.
He was taken to an Oakland livery
stable in a precarious condition, dying
a few hours later.
Good racing weather in the Eastern
country, with many tracks still open
for business, has contributed to making
turfmen late in heading toward the
coast this season. The "standing room
only" sign! has not been exhibited at
Oakland as yet, but there are more
than 300 horses on the ground and the
unoccupied stalls have all been spoken
for. A couple of carloads are due to
arrive this morning from Kansas 'City.
It does not pay always to make light
of an injury, even though it may ap
pear trivial at the time. One week ago
to-day Superintendent "Bill" Fieldwick
of the track across the bay had a gash
cut in one of his legs by^ an unruly
horse, and tried some surgical treat
ment on the wound. Bill hobbled
around for a day or two, but is- now In
the hospital threatened with blood-poi
soning, and may be compelled; to stay
on the shelf for a month or more.
"Bill" Fieldwlck, Superintendent of
Oakland Track Suffering From
, Ugly Gash on Leg.
MANX STABIiES ARE DUE
TO ARRIVE HERE SOON
Mr. Ldvemash's address was warmly
applauded by all. for his words had
awakened gentle recollections and had
stimulated hope.
In the spirit of such hallowed association-".
my friends, I greet you. and thank you fcr
the Invitation you have extended me and fcr
the pleasure I experience in meeting you to
night. ¦ o .
I feel here to-night as I fancy I should feel
If I had passed out of .the noise and heat and
commotion of a great city's streets and into
the bleared vale which moved the Irish poet- to
ene of his sweetest songs — that happy vale
where the bright waters meet; that sweet re
treat where smiling nature has shed o'er tlw
scene her purest of crystal and brightest of
green. Invoking thy name, delightful gem of
Wlcklow — though far away, yet to our affec
tions near — Sweet Vale of Avoca. let our hearts
to-night, like thy waters, be mingled tn pejtce!
And whether my Invocation awakens fond
recollections of the, scene itself, or but the as
sociations which the charm of Irish melody
has clustered around the name, and whether
heard by Irishmen or by their descendants
who have not seen the land of their fathers, it
will not fall. Irrland'9 children love her with
a h)ly passion. They love her for her
great sorrows; they love her for her noble for
titude, her steadfast faith and deathless hope.
But. permeatirg and exalting all is their love
for Ireland's beauty. And by song and legend
and story Ireland's sons and daughters have
captivated the fancy of their children born in
other lands.
A political campaign 13 a liberal education
lor a candidate. la the weeks preceding an
election there Is revealed to him more of th»
Innermost life of his fellow citizens, of their
true attitude toward government, of conditions
of race and circumstances of environment (at
other times unnoted) which move them In thetr
allegiance to principles and parties than could
be gathered from the experience of an equal
number of years of active business or profes
sional occupation. In the heat of partisan con
tention, the spite and malice often engendered
by keen rivalry, the ardor of friendship, the
selfish-jess cf place hunting:. . the disinterested
devotion of many to policies that make for the
general good, the sordid fear of others lest a
situation which makes for the aggrandizement
of themselves at the cost of the common good
may aufTer change to thetr advantage, and in
countless other aspects presented only In the
melee of political agitation men throw off the
masks they wear in seasons of complacence
and reserve.
Congressmen Edward "J. Livernash
and William J. Wynn spoke last even-
Ing at a meeting in their honor in
Knights of the Red Branch Hall un
der the auspices of Division No. 5.
Ancient Order of Hibernians. Mr.
Livernash delivered the principal
speech of the evening, saying in part:
IJvemash and W'ynn Speak at Knights
of the Red Branch Hall.
HIBERNIANS GREET CANDIDATES
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Cabmen all along the street stood by
their vehicles, looking . longingly at
tnany_ of those who on former occa
sions were good fares, but who now
cared only to be whirled about on the
new road. There was a decided falling
oft also in the restaurants among
after-theater diners.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— None of the
surface car lines showed an appre
ciable diminution In traffic as a result
of the competition with the subway,
which opened for public service at. 7
o'clock last evening.
At the intersection in Herald Square
of the Broadway, Sixth-avenue and
Thirty- fourth street lines (the busiest
place in New York, there seemed to
be no decrease in patronage, so far as
the conductors and transfermen could
Judge. This" was true also at Forty
second street and Broadway.
-On the "L" lines, however, traffic was
noticeably lighter. The theater-going
crowd from Brooklyn that nightly jams
the Park-place station of the Sixth
avenue line was not so large, and there
were few strap hangers In the trains
bound uptown. Hundreds of Brook
lyn theater-goers who travel In the up
town on the "L," took the subway route
home.
Mrs. Postley said that Miss Dolbeer
seemed to be In good health when sh«
saw her in New York and that Miss
Dolbeer said she had so arranged her
business affairs that she could remain
away for two years if she enjoyed the
trip.
She declared that with the excep
tion of the time Miss Dolbeer was in
Europe she had been her intimate
friend and companion and that Miss
Dolbeer had never shown any signs of
being insane or irrational.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— Mrs. Sterling
Postley, for years the schoolmate and
Intimate friend of Bertha M. Dolbeer,
the younif California woman who com
mitted suicide at the Waldorf-Astoria
last January, was the only witness at
the hearing: to-day on the will of Miss
Dolbeer. Mrs. Postley Is a resident of
California.
Schoolmate and Friend of
Dead Girl Recalls No Indi
cation of Mental Weakness
People, Who Formerly Used
Carriages After Theater,
Patronize Tunnel Route
CABMEN ARE AFFECTED
WITNESS A CALIFORNIAN
Mrs. Sterling Post-ley Testi
fies, at Hearing of the
Dolbeer Case in New York
Great Falling Off in the
Traffic on the Elevated,
as Result of New Line
SUBWAT CARS
DRAW CROWDS
NOT ANY SIGN
OF INSANITY
Lydla A. Mosebach (owner) with McCuliough
Contracting Company - (contractors), architect
James A. McCullough — All work for a- one
story frame building on SW corner of Twen
tieth street and Treat avenue, S 110 by W 25,
M. B. 53; $3000.
Leo Kowalskl (owner) with John A. Broad
wood (contractor), architect — All work
for a two-story frame building on S line of
California street. 32:6 E of Tenth avenue, S
100 by E 25; $2750.
Frank F. and Rose ' Hills to Theresa A.
Meagher. lot an W line of Nineteenth avenue,
200 N of Clement street,- N 50 by TV 240; $10.
John W. Rickley to Hannah Greenebaum, lot
on N line of I street, 107:6 E of Eleventh ave
nue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Rolland A. and Mary A. Tuttle to J. D. Pass
more, lot on W line of Forty-fifth avenue,. 100
S of I street. S 25 by W 120: $437.
William T. and Agnes M. Bonney (by Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust Company, trus
tees) to Continental Building and Loan Asso
ciation, 2056 D. 38. lot on W line of Forty
eighth avenue, 137: C X of M street.' N 25 by
TV 114. trustees 1 deed; $1556.
Frederlco and Rosa- E. Lovottl to Alfred L.
and Florence P. Stockton, lot on SE line of
Caselli avenue, 95 NE of Eagle (Short), NE 26
by SE 75, block 11, Market-street Homestead;
$10. .
Son Francisco Savings Union to Emll and
Alice La ngrauth, lot on NE corner Courtland
and Moultrie streets, E 56.08, N 67.S9, W 86.
S e4.U; $10. ¦
Margaret Moran to Josephine M. Parkinson
(Kelly) (wife of George B.), lot on S line of
Sagamore street. 200 E of Capitol. E BO. S to
N line of San Jose. SW 50. N 241:10, block B,
Railroad Homestead; $10.
Bnllders' Contracts.
Isidor and . Bertha Llpman to Eliza Cooper
(wife of William), lot on NW line of Harrison
street, 125 NE of Fourth, NE 25 by NW 75;
$10... ; . .
Rose McElearney to Thomas O'Brien, lot on
NW.line of Clary street. 247 NE.of Fourth.
NE 28 by NW 75; $10.
Frank W. Finch to Amelia ''A. ¦; Finch, lot on
TV line of Ctara avenue, 336 N of Eighteenth
street. N2S by W 138; gift."
Maria H. Thomson to same, same; $10.
Thompson's Union Soda Works to Joseph A.
and W! Ilia A H. Hollls. lot on W line of Mason
street, 85 N. of Filbert, N 35. W 68:3, S €0,
E 28:o. N 25. E 40; $10. • - -
. ' Minnie or Maria Kennedy to Michael Ste
phens, lot on N lino of Army street, 213:4 W.
of Sanchez. W 26:8 by N 114 and lands adja
cent : $10. . .. "iijnj riijii f ij *'j j ni'«(» l 'aniO*]iluBj
der E. Davidson, undivided two-thirds of lot on
NE corner cf Eighteenth and No« streets, N 75
by E 85; gift.. , ., ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, :SATURDAY;COGTOBER 29, 1904.
5?ItHak~es ¦¦ alwoman of ?nerve'- to be 'a
14
ALAMEDA A I)YERT ? S ? MTS
_,_AM_DA BEAI. ESTATE.
X1EADY fcr cr-'cupa^cy; a new C-room cottage:
lot r.eslo*: t'Tir.:*: roa'ie en oKcr. Se»> ott ner.
J. H. TOL*NG. 121". Tar- st.. A'.aiecda.
BERKELEY ADVEET'S'NTS
SSE2ELE7 EEAIi ESTATE. ,3. •¦'.¦'.
—$3500—
A CHOICE hom e en Delaware rt.. Berkeley. S
rrcmi" ar.d bath; lot 40xli&; new and modsra:
• l:.t:v exposiire: Cae view; easy tenrs of
ptj-iutrt it desired; no troubls to show prop-
erty.
ItEALTT EO?:ns AND FINANCE CO. (Inc.),
1172 Broad way, corner Fourteenth lt,'.>c
Oakland.
iiro down. -
To close r.ut rnj- hoidins« !n Golden Ga'e a.ra
near Ashbr etation. on the Key route. I wilt
ceil lots and bu'.ld small bomea on your own
t:ans <or only $110 down.
Mj I. Wirr.TS & CO.. 1323 Broad-ay, cp-
fothe Pcstcffice.
MODERN housr. <i rooms and barn: t— o
.Mrt-i.v from nation. GEORGE IIUNRICK,
fpp. norkcley station.
8rB-X_XT HOUSES TO jOET.
FOR rent— In desirable residence section of
Potelex house cf 9 rooms, porcelain bath, |
Ktonrocm:" stable and chicken-house: 3 blocks j
K1rtm\ Vf-rryT^cn 5 blocks from Berke- I
Uy tnd o from entrance to university; 2025 I
vircin-.a «t , between Eliattuck and Mllvia;
T.r*\y psint»d and papered throughout: rent
VS; will not. be rented to tenants who let
houstlst-er ing rccn-iS. Apply CO Jlont^om*ry |
rt.. rtom S. San Francisco, or LITTLE _ •
V/OOLgEY. 21 10 Shattucfc nve.. Berkeley. •
FRUITVALE ADVERT'STS
gCUITVA^E BEA- ESTA-E.
K. C. GZBSOX. Phone Vale 230.
Two-stlKT 7-rcom hou?e; lot B0x123: front-
ii>(f en tn-o Ftreets: hou«e piped for gas and
2 toilets, polished .floor and a t
ttrirtly n.odern houre thfoag— aat; 2 new
ranges, rtair car;^ft and front room .carpet
foe* _1t_ plroe: situated In best part of
town; rrice SHOW.
IS. C. GICSON. irod Fruitvale ar«..
Near EaEt Fourteenth' at.
1X3T — SO-font frontage on Fnsltvale «v«. ; want
cr.'er. Address otvnet. P. O. box 4C2, Fruit-
vsK Ctl.
OAKLAND APVERr^MTa
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAIC-u-KD BEAI. ESTATE.
14750— FINE home in beautiful Linda Vista
Terrace; new; finely finished in every de-
tail: 9 rooms, etc.; price reduced from $0000;
•itvner nun sell on account of mortgage. See
P. C. LASSEN _ CO.. 4GC Tenth st.. Oak-
land. yT ¦¦¦-,:¦: j
SOMETHING good for somebody; beautiful
. modern C-room cottage : finely located; near
Telegraph ave.; five minutes' v.-alk from
Key Route ferry; lot 3(ixl5O; exceptional buy
¦t £3000. Apply 675 Thirty-sixth et.. Oak-
land.
FOR sale— $2800; corner lot. 133x100: near
Key Route: San Pablo ave. EDWIN SUTH-
ERLAND, corner Thirty-fourth and Peralta
. *_.. Oakland.
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont:
fine neighborhood; good location; near car
line: will cell cheap: tnuet be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. C75 3Cth St.
»¦ ———————— — ¦— — — — — — —————— — _— — —^^ i
O6.EI.iI7D BOOMS AND BOABD.
GENTLEMAN roomer or boarder; private fam-
ily; convenient to local trains. 1352*11 a rrlson
»l. Oakland.
OAKXA-fP BOOHS TO -ET. j
Ft'RNlSHED roome; eunny, light and airy.
1412 Eart Ninth gt.. East Oakland.
OA___-ETD 6TOBES TO I.ET.
TO let— $_>: store, corner Twenty-sixth st. and
San Pablo ave.: fixtures, Uvlng-room, large
workF.hop and stable. Inquire opposite, 1027
San Pablo ave.
fob saxe.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Echclhaas. 11th 6t..cor.?tore, Oakland
Sail Francisco Ad vertisem'ts
BOOKS FOB HOUSKEEP1NO.
ELL1?, 836 — Three sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; yard.
ELLISDELL. 217 Poet— Elegant suite for light
housekeeping; also single room; reasonable.
GEARY. 1225 — Fine furnished rooms; reason-
able: choice neighborhood; all sunny.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631—2 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 43» — Room for light
housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204— A eunny parlor
cuite, suitable for housekeeping; also single
rooms; bath and phone.
GREEN. 1812 — Nice room: one or two ladles
or couple; housekeeping privileges.
HOWARD. 710>£ — 2 large housekeeping rooms;
adults enly; respectable; no transient. v
HOWARD. '17O3— 2 eunny housekeeping rooms;
gas range; bath and laundry.
HYDE and 'Washington (apply 1S03 Washing-
ton — 2 newly furnished housekeeping rms.;
every convenience; fine view; tel. Hyde 2506.
7ESSIE, 323 — One runny room; ga9 range,
eink; furnished housekeeping; $3 week.
KEARNT. 104 — 3 unfurnished rooms; bay win-
dow; front; eunny: $20; adults; references.
KEAHNT. 305. cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms, also housekeeping rooms, and bath.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
room eunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc
; KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished a- room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free batbs; rates reasonable'
_ iANGTON. 25C-j — Three eunny nicely furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping la private family.
MISSION. 1013. near Sixth— Front housekeep-
ing room for 2 adults; foldlnr bed; _a* stove.
. X1CELY furnished front rooms for housekeep-
ing. SOS Sutter at.
. NINETEENTH. 2527 — Three connecting rooms;
light housekeeping.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, $8 to
$12; gaa range; hot bath; adults.
PAGE, llfl — Nlcel7 furnished housekeeping
r<x>__: running water; bath.
PO,LSC 5'/i — 3 clean housekeeping room*. nJce
ningle room; all sunny; very reasonable.
POST, 217, new Grant ave. — Elegant front
suite; a)»o cingle room; reasonable.
ncealind. world renowned spiritual clairvoyant
psychic palmist, la Powell at. (The Earl.)
EACnAMENTO. 1514— Parlor floor. 5 elegantly
furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms; piano.
SCOTT. 22.". near Halght— 3 furnished house- !
keeping rooms; also one large alcove room;
sun ail day.
ECOTT. 300 — NE. corner; nicely furnished; ex-
tra eunny: 2, 0 or 4 rooms.
6COTT. SCO— Northeast corner; 2, 3 or 4 rooms
rvrviy furnlblied; bath; extra sunny.
SECOND. 149 — Furnished rooms for light
bcusekeepi og,
SEVENTH. 101 — Sunny front bay-window
housekeeping rooms; one or more. -
SEVENTEENTH] 3353. near Valencia —
Kitchen, nith one or two bedrooms; free gaa:
114 or S?0. ¦ - • • '
EHOTWELL. 121. near Sixteenth— Two or three ,
eunny furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap. '
SOUTH PARK. 120 — To let. " 4 unfurnished j
rcotr.t for housekeeping; no children. ,
BUTTER, 1U2S— 3 large 6unny rooms end bath;
•••Hire upper floor; clean; reasonable.
TEHALTA. 4TS. near Sixth— $12: .1 rooms, com- :
pltte. for hourekceplng; no children. ,
T-ENTT-SECONI?. 3447—2 furnished house-
keeping rooms: all complete. • ,
-_. nzii ' — ~ — ~ :
VALENCIA, 1C21— Housekeeping rocmi to let.
ADVEimsKMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch of flee.' cor. Duncan & Church ' sts.
A.WT:kx*8 r-— 9 rrr 5 cents— Tin Weekly Call.
*C rjg«> In rrapp»r. fcr mailing. SI per rear.
APAKTMXHT HOUSES./*.
CT. —OCXS. 1875 , Jackson— Marine view : . S «•• .
rwmi; furn. or u_ fur.; ref«. "¦: Tel. East 1350.
! SE-WJ^G^^^C^WES^ A^P SOTPjLTXS.
.AVE sliall close our^ retail office at .'300 Post
I tt. Nov. 1; we have a lot of new .White
j tf\vini' ; machines .that are slightly shopworn
* that we shall positively sell at half , price
] . or less before removal; our new retail office
-. i* ' In'.-ated at 915 Market st. AVhlte Sewing
i Machine Co.
i 1X5MKST1C — The machine for family use; best
As cheapest; .second-hand all makes at any
j, ;>rici!; all kinds rrntetl lowest rates.' Domes-
tic of flee. 10-J1 Market *t.. near Sixth. .
ALL kinds second-hand $.5. ?5, $8; slightly
used .$10. $15. ?20: you know whera the dolls
swing In "the window. 1051 Market st.
TROLLEY parties, clubs, fraternities, look
here; a chance < to make merry; cozy dance
hall and dinners to suit any purse at Ivy
Gardens, Ocean Beachytermlnal of electric
car lines." Make arrangements at room 211,
Muirhead building. Market and Larkin sta.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form
: mailed in plain package; has cured " thou-
tande. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg-.S.F.
_XLBO~URNE~Inf tltute. Van^Ness and Market.
cures; estab. in 8. F. 4 yra. Hours 1 to ft p. m.
MAlUtlAGE LICENSES.
The following* marriage licenses were Issued
yeBterday:
Isidor Hanak. 35, city, and Hattle Brown-
stone, 25, city.
George P. Amedee, 25, city, and Gertrude
Curran. 23. dtv. ¦'"'
Peter Eberle, 27, 825 Bryant street, and
Maria Wajrr ler, 23. city. ,
Michael Numair. 34. 812 Larkin street, and
Rosa Corhan. 20, Roanoke, Va. ¦ I -
Alfred McLauKhlln, 33; city, and Emma E.
Moffat. 24, city.
Edward J. Crofton, 23, 106 Eddy street, and
Louise G. le Valley, 25, 953 Vi McAllister st.
William F. Schuster, 20, S7 Jackson street,
and Mnrie C. Lambert. 19, 539 Vallejo street.
Antonio F. Azevedo, 28, «5 Jackson street,
and Amelia Fasutlna. 15, .11^ Sansome st. -
Lee Kim Hay. 22, 724 Sacramento " street,
and Tom Ling. 21. 742 Washington street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marrlajsa and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence, of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted. simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In thi« column
free of charge. -
BORN.
BEGLEY— In San Rafael, October 20, # 1004,
to the wife of John D. Begley. a son.
MILLER— In 'this city, October 26, 1904, to
the wife of B. Miller, a son.
PETERSON— In this city. October 22. 1904, to
the wife of George Peterson (nee Sutton), a
I daughter.
SMITH— In Alameda. October 27, 190*. to the
wife of Franklin C. Smith, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ROBBINS— VAN IDERSTINE — In this city,
October 10, 1904, by the Rev. W. C. Day,
Wilbur B. Robbins of San Jacinto and Alma
F. Van Iderstine of this city.
SHARP— WILLIAMS— In this city. October
27. 1904. by the Rev. T. R. Earl, Frank S.
Sharp and Johanna A. Williams, both of
this city.
THORNAGLE — BLACK— In this city, October
•27 1904, by the Rev. C. M. Warner, pastor
of Trinity M. E. Church. Christian Thorn-
agle of San Francisco and Alice Ward Black
of Vallejo. Cal. ; .
DIKD.
Ahern, Daniel Martin. . Cornelius
Avansino, Herold McDonald. Julia W.
Baumann Jiophia McGrill. Patrick H.
Bilz, Minnie Melrs. John
Bouyseou, Paul : Moss. Mrs. Julia T.
Casteel. Young W. Normand. Eugene C.
Collins Timothy A. i . Otten. Peter
Desprez. Josephine Princely William E.
Downing. John M. • Ries, Laura D.
Easton, MaJ. George Schmidt. Charles
Haye*. Anne * Shaughnessy, William
Heath, Richard S. Simon. Pauline
Heeg. Lawrence stouter, Margaret B.
Higbee Thornton Tingley, Belfort A.
Hull. William W. Turton, Harry
Lichtenberg. Rudolph Tyrrell, Maggie
Longmoore. Ann J. ¦ .
. s
AHERN— In this city, October 27. 1904, Daniel
Ahern, beloved brother of Michael Ahern,
Mrs. J. Mulcahy and Mrs. D. Sheehan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 58 years.
!_TFriendi» and acquaintances , are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence
of his jiister. Mrs. Jeremiah Mulcahy, 124
Fourteenth street, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo's Church for services at 12:30 p. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
AVANSINO — In Ihia city. October 28, 1904,
Herold A vans Ino, dearly beloved ¦ son oC
David aod Lizzie Avansino, and brother of
Alice and Milton Avanslno, and grandchild
of Antone and Theresa Avanslno, a native
. of San Francisco, aced C months.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend "the funeral services
to-morrow (Sundav), October 30, at 1:30
P. m.. at the residence of his parents, 12&M
Green street. Interment Italian -Cemetery.
BAUMANN— In this city. October 28. 1904,
Sophia, beloved wife of Casper Baumann,
devoted mother of Isador, William and Mary
Baumann. Mrs. Lena Zust, Mrs. Annie Hedi-
ger and Mrs. Joeie Imhof, and grandmother
of Dora Baumann, Frank and Emll Zust and
¦ Joseph Hediger. a native of. Canton Uri,
Wasen, Meien. Switzerland, aged 51 years
11 months and 6 days.
([-""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to altend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I:l5 p. m., from the parlors of
H. F. ,Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Anthony's Church; Army and Folsom streets,
for services at 2 p. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. A requiem high mass will ' be
celebrated for the repose of her soul on
Monday, October 31. at St. Anthony's Church,
commencing at 8 a. in.
BILZ— In Pleasanton, October 24, 1904. Min-
nie, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. K. • and
the late J. A. Bilz. and sister of Mrs. E. R.
Slmard and Selma Bilz.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. October 30, at 2:30 p. m., at the
Presbyterian church at Pleasanton. Crema-
tion at Oakland Crematorium Monday, Octo-
j ber SI, at 3 1 a. m. • . « '
BQUYSSOU— In this city. October 27,
J9O4, Paul, beloved son of Mr. and . Mrs.
Jean Bouyssou. and brother of Isidore, An.
tonln, Emlle ami Ki-njumin Bouyssou, a na-
tive of France, aged 31 year* 7 months and
10 day*. r> •
' tCFrifcnd" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited U> attend the funeral Sunday.
October 30. at 12:30 p. m., from the funeral
parlors of Iaccherl, Duclo» & Co., 029
Broadway, thence to Notre Dame des Vic-
• toires Church for services, thenco - to Unlon-
tqueie Hall, 421 Post street, . where services
will bo held under the auspices of La Gau-
lolse. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
4* carriage. - , -
t CASTEEL— In tbla city October 27, .1904.
Young W. Casteel, aged '35 years. ..'•-»- r
C7" Remains can be viewed at the funeral
parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co., . 429 Golden
Gate avenue, till 10 o'clock. Saturday even-
Ing. Interment will take place at Meridian;
Mississippi. - ¦
COLLINS— In Sacramento. October 28, 1904,
Timothy A., beloved eon of Mrs. P-j- Collins
and the late . Timothy Collins. -
E7NotIce of funeral hereafter.
DESPREZ— In Oakland. October 27." 1004,
Josephine Desprez, a native of France, aged
84 years. ; -...'¦¦ .: - ¦ ¦ '¦¦#.:..¦ •¦.,-.¦'. ¦'-
CJ*Friend9 are respectfully Invited to at-
- tend a requiem mass to be -celebrated for
the repose of her sour to-day (Saturday)." at
the French Church of Notre Dame de«iVlc-
toires. commencing at 10:30 a. m.. Interment'
St. Mary"« Cemetery. Oakland. -
DOWNING — In this city. October 27, 1904.
John ¦ Milton. ; beloved husband of Belle
Downing, and father. of Frank M., William
J. and Gladys R. Downing; a native of Mem.-
phts. Mo., aged j 43 years 6 ' months and : 25
days. ¦ :'"'¦_. .. ..." . ..•¦:: ¦ ¦-
EASTON— In Los ¦ Angeles, . October 27, 1904,'
Major Geor_e Easton; beloved husband -of
- Htttte G. Easton,. and father, of George D."
. and Arthur C. : Easton, - and • brother of \Ven- :
dell and Elizabeth "B. Easton, a native of
KantuckeU Maw. . . • t • .„
v cyFuneral. services :' in Los '¦ Angeles. -¦
HAYES— In this city. October : 27.- 190« Anne
Hayes, sister of Eugene and the late Daniel
.Whelton. ' a native e of ' Clonakilty,-- County
Cork, Ireland; aged - 69 years.'. ' . .-,-¦
CETNotlce . of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co." 767
Mission otreet. between Third 'and Fourth.'
HEATH— In this city.- October . 28 ' 1004 at
his residence. : Richard . Selden. . beloved ' eon •
of the ' late nichard'W. and i Mary Elizabeth'
; Heath, aged 47 .years.
HEEG^— In this city, October 28, • 1004 Law-'
rence. beloved husband of Lena-Heeg, and
father of Carl. ¦ John : and * Charles * Murray '
a native of Germany, aged 65 years 6 months
" . and 3 daya. -• ,, - ¦..¦ - : -.¦¦..,:..,...-_•¦.
HIGBEE— In this . city, - • October ; 27.' '¦ 1004 '
Thornton Higbee, ' beloved . husrand of' Eliza'
beth Hisbee. and ' father of i B/rlce; Marjorie
, ; -and Theodore Higbee, and son of Mrs."* Sulll- ¦
. van. and ' brother '. of Alice c Cleveland and
: Annie Winters.. and- stepaon of 8axnucl:Sul- ;
-., Mvan,'.' a* native Tof. : Missouri,., aged 32 ' years'
¦ - 7 months . and 5 days. .¦ ¦•.*.-. •-•'*;»'••-•--
'¦ ip"Friends; and; acquaintances 'are respect-
fully; Invited : to ;¦ attend the ; funeral '¦ services '
Saturday. October; 29.. at ,¦ 1 :30 ; p. ¦¦ m.V- at jthe
James McGIan. Henry . Hansea. •
. JAMES iMcGINN^A CO.-
•; > v Formerly a With r McGinn t Bros; •
• —Funeral - Directors ' and * Embalm'er3— — .
: 214 » Eddy.' st.-^Tel;/ South'.-, 676.^
BOOMS TO , IJST — rnra. and TTnfnrn. j
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth st.— Rooms .
25c to $1 i*r night, $1 25 to $5 per week :md
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Tbo Almonte," >>7:: Market st. (or No. I I
Fifth Et.) — Roonw. We. r>oc. *1. *1 SD 'night: '
SI SO lo $10 week; lmuse open all night. j
— _L MOND bouse; o\cr Owl .drug store; 2 on- i
trances. 1120 Market and *_'l "J^.irk— lUwtrlc !
lights; rucr.ins water in every room; 200 :
loems; 2Jc tj per night: $1 "o to $i week, j
CALIFORNIA, 1421 — L.irce, sunny rooms, well
farni*h»-d hot and cold water, gas, phone,
taih; tuit.-ible for 2 gentlemen or for gentle-
man and lady: ether rooms.
CASTRO. 421 — Double furnished front parlor
Etiltc. ¦
CLAY, 2413 — Nicely furnished room to let.
CLEMENTINA, 320 — Room to rent unfur-
nished.
DUBOCE /ave., 231, near Guerrero — $12; 4
rooms.
EDDY. 3, corner. Market, Powell and Eddy —
Offices and furnished roo.-ns; reasonable. ,
EDDY. 210 — Eunny, front fulte; also double
and single rooms; private; terms moderate..
EDDY. 1407—
FURNISHED ROOMS.
ELLIS, 611 — Newly furnished, sunny rooms;
$2 to $5 week; first-class, quiet; bath.
ELLIS, S62 — Two newly furnished rooms, suit- |
able for 2 or 4 person*. < !
ELLIS. 143G — Sunny room; reasonable; board i
or not; private family.
FOR a neat room In a respectable house go to
the Stirling. 404 Third «t.
FRANKLIN, 721. near G. G. ave. — Sunny fur.
front room; all conveniences; rent $10.
FREDERICK. 357 — Front room for rent; fur-
nished or unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 315— Nicely furnished
rooms. y ¦
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT, 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny suite; also
single rooms; $2 50 to $7 week.
GRANT ave.. Ill (The Astoria)— Heart of
city; pretty furn. rooms; $1 day: $3 wk. up.
GROVE. 216, bet. Van Ness ave. and Frank-
lin — Nicely furntshed room for rent; reason-
able; good locality.
HAWTHORNE. 6 — Large front room to rent.
HOFF ave.. 33 — A large sunny front room
for rent. ' '
HOWARD. 737% — Furnished rms. ; good loca-
Jion; also some housekpg rms.; very reas.
HOWARD. 715— Large eunny rooms at low
rates; 2Sc to $1 day and $1 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 2032— For doctor or dentist, an ele.
gam parlor suite with bath; private.
JESSIE, 363. east U. S. Mint— Nicely furnished
rooms, double bed, %1Q; single rooms, $5. "
JONES. 943. near Pine — In modern flat; sunny
well furn.; comfortable; convenient; reas.
KEARNY, 229 — Sunny housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms; rent reasonable. Phone
Black 4446. >-,^ *
KEARNY. 305. cor. Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms and bath.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny back room, 1 or 2 gents, i
$7; single back, stove. $5.
MARKET, 719 — Front suite rooms; newly ren-
ovated; prices reasonable.
MARKET. 917 — Nicely furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; batbs; elevator.
MCALLISTER, IOCS— Nicely furnished room
fcr one or two gentlemen.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — too
elcgle and family rooms 33c to $1 50 per day,
(2 to (8 per week; the only new and modern
botel and roomlr.g-houss In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, bot and cold
water, electric lights, call belli), steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vatcr service day and night to lta guest*. ,
MINNA. 553A— Furnished rooms; adults.
OAK. 42. rear Van Ness and Market— Nice
large furnished sunny front parlor to- let;
rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 556 — One sunny furnished room;
quiet block; near business center.
PAGE, ¦ 20 — 2 neat rooms; private house; t$5
and JC: bath.
PINE. 2786— Sunny bay-window, 7 rooms and
bath; house completely furnished; yard;
basement; reasonable.
PINE, 1300. corner Hyde — Sunny corner suite;
bath, phone.
ROOMS to let in private house. Box 3C50,
Call office.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and laillepi' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $*; month. $S to (30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST.- REGIS. Hyde and Ellis — New house, new
furnishings: fresh and clean: hot and cold
water; baths; everything nanitary; elevator
service: if sunshine and cleanliness la an ob-
ject ree these rooms; $3 per week up.
SAN JOSE ave., 287 — A newly furnished sunny
front room for gentleman. -
SIXTH. 314— Furnished rooms.
STANTON, 1492 — Sunny furnished room.
STEVENSON, 261— Furnished room* to let.
STEVENSON, C20— Sunny front furnished room
to let; cheap.
SUTTER. 1105 — Large furnished front bay-
window room; also smaller room adjoining;;
runnln* water.
TAILOR. 21 — Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites and single; modern conveniences.
TAYLOR. 21 — Elegant front suites and single:
hot water: steam heat; elevator; $20-$30 mo.
TAYLOR. 240 — Nicely furnished room for two I
gentlemen.
TAYLOR. 624, near Sutter— Sunny, front, bay-
window room; $12.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK. -
THE Larchmont. 301 Sutter— New brick bide
finely furnished; hot. cold water, ateam heat, 4
privilege to baths; (2 60 to S5 per week.
THIRD, 87 — Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite. -
THIRD, 415B — Rooms, en eulte and single,
$150 per week;- modern flat; bath, laundry. :
TWENTY-NINTH. 825— Bunny room.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400 j
rooms 35s to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
WASHINGTON. 704 — Furnished rooms to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.; near Market— |
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to %l 60 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator; '
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, cor. Sixth and Howard— Choice
furnished rooms for 15c per night up; ele-
gant transient rooms, 60c per night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
A BRANCH 'office of The Call for .the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
' ¦¦¦ - aOOMB AJTO SO AMD. _
LADY offers comfortable ' board and room for
$8 month in .retucn for light duties.; 1433
Eighth ave.. Sunset District, city;
COMMODIOUS room, suitable for two gentle-
men. ' with breakfast - and dinner. , $40 per
month. 1254 ; Eddy st.
THIRD. 17 — A eunny. front room, . with board,
reasonable, : for : working - lady.
BUSH. ,709 — Nicely furnished rooms, with
board....- .-' ¦ ..-¦ . ... :'*V.-> -¦•
TURK. 1109 — Very large front room,, suitable
for 3 gentlemen, with board ; > reasonable. .
ELLIS," 433 — Nice furnished . rooms, with first-
class French ' table board. -^r.-.'V-"- ; v
HOWARD," 841A— First-class board and room.
single or double. $5 week; American family.,
TWO. adjoining rooms suitable 'for 2 or 3 men,
with or. without board. . 460H-Natocia st.
¦fitevenson '. Maneldo. opp." Grace Church annex.'
807 California— See rms; learn prices. try table.
ADVERTISEMENTS,: subscriptions received at
.Call branch office; cor. Dun can and Church sts.
A WEEK'S news for,6 c*ifts— The Weekly Call.'
16 pages. In wrapper." for mailing. $1 per year.
parlors of the " California Undertaking Com-
pany, : 403 ' Powell street. . Interment Mouat
Olivet Cemetery. •*"';';
IIULL^In'. San • Carlos, October , 27, 1904,
William Whli>p:c Hull husband of Rosanna
Hull, and father of the late Henry Hull,
Mrs. Richard Shields and Guy . and Asa
¦Hull, a native of Castleton. N. Y., aged. 82
• years' and 7 months.
.- C~Services - will take place at St. . Mat- .
-thew's Church, San ¦¦ Mateo Sunday, Octobtr
30, at 1 :S0 p. m. •
LICIITENBERG— In this city. October 2S.
1004, Rudolph, beloved husband of Margaret
Lichtenberg. and. father of Kate. Edward.
Margaret . and ; Budolph ' Llchtenberg ; Jr..' a
native of Bremen, Germany, aged 68 years
and 4 months. --. ,
; (T-Tuneral private.
LONGMOORB— In this city; October 28," 1904.
Ann Jane Longmoore, a native of ' County
Monaghan. Ireland. I ' '
CyFrleadM and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday); at 2 p. m., from her late residence,.
47 Hoff avenue, near Sixteenth Btreet. | Inter-
ment Cypress - Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. ,
MARTIN— In this city,' October 20/ 1004. at
. bis residence, 30 ; Chattanooga street, Cor-
nelius, beloved father of John B., David C,
Frank A.. Cornelius L.. James G.. Rev. V.
G.. Anita, Elizabeth and Philip L. Martin,
- a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
,C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
October 20; at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 30 Chattanooga street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Guerrero and Twenty-
ttiird streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass ¦will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 0:30 a. m., -Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery;' via the electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
• Please omit flowers.
McDONALD— In this city October" 26, 1904,
Julia W., dearly beloved wife of William
-McDonald, and. loving daughter of Edward,
and Julia Eustace, and sister of Agnes.
James and Annie Eustace, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 5 months and 28
days. . ._
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), . at 8:30 a. m., from her .; late
residence, 241 Sweeney street, thence to All
'Hallows* Church, where— t requiem. high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
, commencing " at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. „
McGRILL— At his residence, 631 Bryant street.
_ In this city. October 28, 1904. Patrick H.
McGrill. beloved husband of the late Sarah
x McGrill. and loving father of William A.,
George F. and Mercedes Saale McGrlM. a
nativo cf Ireland, aged 70 years. (Fresno
papers please copy.) '
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. •
MEIRS— In this city. October 26, 1904, John
Meirs. a native of Germany, aged 77 years.
A veteran of the Grand Army.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funerar services
, Saturday, October 29, at 1 p. m.. at the
mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment National
Cemetery, Presidio.
MOSS — In Beichtesgaden. Germany. October
19, 1904. Mrs. Julia T. Moss, widow of the
late J. Mora Moss of Oakland.
NORMAND— In this city, October 27. 1904,
Eugene C, dearly beloved husband of Vic-
torine Xormand. and beloved father of Paul
A. Normand, Mrs. G. Thomas and Mrs.
M. \ O. Aguirre, and brother of Pauline
Normand. n native of France, aged 74 years.
fc^T Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 30. 1904. at 8:45 a. m., from hla
late residence. 325 San Carlos- avenue," be-
tween Mission and Valencia. Twentieth and
Twenty- first streets, thence to French Church
of Notre Dame de% Victoires for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OTTEN— In this city. October 28. 1904. Peter,
beloved husband of Meta Otten, and father
of Meta, Frieda and Herman Otten. Mrs.
J. Costeilo and Mrs. Louis Lacazette, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 58 years 5 months and
6 days.
[P>'Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from his late residence,
1202 Kcarny street, corner of Vallejo, and
thence to Odd Fellows' Hall, where funeral
services will be held at 2 p. m. under the
auspices of Concordia Lodge No. 122, I. O.
O. F. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. .
PRINCELY— In this city. October 28, 1004,
William Edward E. Princely, beloved non of
Mrs. Chris SeJmpsler and the late William
Princely, a native of Columbia. Tuolumne
County. Cal., aged 47 years 11 months and'
25 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services,.
Monday, October. 31,' at 10 a. m.. at the
parlors of Valente, Marlni & Co., 1624
Stockton street.
RIES— In this, city, October 28, 1904, at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. Bernard
Faymonvllle, Laura Dodge Rieu. (Canton
and Ogdensburg, N. Y., papers please copy.)
CT" Funeral and Interment .Drivate. •
SCHMIDT— In thjs__ city, October 28, 1904,
Charles Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
iH years. ¦ .
- FC7 Friends and acquaintances ; are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 p.' m.. from the San
Francisco Turn Vereln Hall. 353 Turk street,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of San Francisco Turn Verein. Re-
mains at the parlors of.Theodor Dlerks. 957
Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SHAUGHNESSY— In this city. October 26.
1904, .William, dearly beloved husband of
Ida C. -ShauKhnessy, and dearly beloved
father of Margaret, Ida, Ella, Myrtice, Alice
and Willie Shaughnessy and the late Frank
Shaughiwssy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 47 .years 8 months and 11 days.
tU* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from his
-.late residence, corner Twenty-fifth and' Fair
Oaks streets, to-day (Saturday), at 1 :30
p. - m., thence by electric funeral, car from
comer Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue
»t,2 r.'m, Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
Employes of the California Mill Company
will please assemble at the corner of Twen-
ty-fifth and Valencia streets Saturday, at
1 p. j m. sharp.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W.—
Members are requested to assemble at 342
Fair Oaks street' to-day (Saturday)
promptly at 1 p. m. to attend the funeral
B of.- our late member, William Shaughnessy.
By, order of the parlor. ¦ .
CARL T. GRANZ. President..
FRED II. JUNG, Secretary. • • :
SIMON— In this city. October 27, 1004, Pauline,
beloved wife of M. Simon, and mother of
David and Isaac Simon and the late Abe
and Sam Simon, and sister of. Sol, Joe, Saul
and the- lat- Joachim Jonas and' Mrs L.
Dresner, a native of Rogasen, Pruss'a, aged
.. 78 ¦ years , and 10 months. (Placervllle -and
Nt»w York papers Dleaae copy.)
ETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday. October 30, 1904. at 9:30 a. m., at
her late residence. 1714 O'Farrell strep.t. be-
tween Fillmore and Stelner, and thence by
11 a. m. creek boat to Mountain View Ceme-
tery, 'Oakland, for Interment. '
SOUTER— Entered into re«t. in this city Oc-
tober 28. 1904, Margaret Burnet Royal
Souter, beloved wife of the late David
Souter, and mother of David. James, W11-:
Ham and Annie Souter and Mrs. M.-J. :Rux-
ton, a native of Arbroath. Scotland, aged 63
years 4 months and 21 days. , . "
TINGLEY — In this city, October 27, 1304,
Belfort "A., beloved • husband - of Lucrata'A.'
Tingley, and brother of Frank Tingley, a
native of Canada, aged 57 years 1 month and
2 days. (Moncton, Canada, papers please
. copy.) ¦ ¦ v ¦¦
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect •
-fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Sunday). at»ll *. m., from the Mission Ma-
sonio Temple, under. the auspices of South
San ¦ Francisco Lodge No. 212, «F. and A. M.
' Interment private. . . - ;
TURTON— In Fresno. October 24. 1904. Harry,
beloved son of Annie H. and the late Henry
Turton of Lahaina. Island of Maul, Territory
of Hawaii, and brother ¦ of the late Frank
r N. * Turton. (Honolulu and Sydney ' papers
please copy.) . • ,- - , ; .
- ¦ ", ICTFrlends and ' acquaintances and ¦'. ex-
. members of Co. F, First . California Volun-
teers,- and fx-members of Company F. First'
Infantry, N. G. C. a«e respectfully invited:
¦;• to attend- the funeral- to-morrow (Sunday),'
at 2 p. m.. from the armory of Battery A.
First .Battalion of Artlllerj'. N. G.-C..- 815
Ellis street. : Interment National Cemetery.
: Presidio. : -
TYRRGLI--IJ1 this city, October 27, 1904.
: Maggie Tyrrell, . a native of =: Ireland, aged
65 years. ¦ ¦ ¦ . -. '
- MEMORIAL SERVICE.
Memorial services ; for the late Mrs. Han-
nah House Cameron will be . held ¦ on Satur-
day. October 29, < at .11 ¦ a. m.. in the.Ad-
' ventist. Church, ¦> on Laguna street, . near Me- 1
Allister. ; Friends are. invited by her children,
Mrs. C. W. Bainbridge, Mrs. John R. Martin
and Benjamin . Otis Cameron, to attend. -: CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— From beginning, to end
a weak undertone pervaded the wheat market,
thf.coursB of prices being influenced -by- tha
reaesMrlng news regarding the final outcome of
'the Russian Baltic fleet Incident. 1 .-; "A ~ sharp
decline • in • prices of - wheat at - Liverpool ? em
pbaslz«d:the bearish feeling,- .The weakness in
', foreign^graln markets :Wa» : reflected • Jiere v at
c the opening,- the December -option 'showing a
los* of %@%c to.%®lc."at $113% to $1 13%.
May was down ft. c to %c, at $1 12% to $1 12%.
After^ touching $1 13%, December, gradually
dfcliti^d to 1 $1' 13, there being heavy liquidation
of numerous small holders. • Shortly after 'the
' opening May sold at $1 12%.' l* The - price * then
ou>«dily. declined until $1 12% was reached.
• The fact that - Northwestern stocks , will show
an Increase of about '2, 000,000. bushels "Jor the
, w«ek lent color r to - a report ' that Minneapolis
; millers were selling j May wheat ; on ' all ; rallies.'
! The- market: closea, easy,'.- with December" at
$1 ¦* 13%. Final quoUtlons on May were $112%:
Weaknccs of wheat had ; a . depressing - in-'
"fluence on the corn market. \, December opened
%c to %c lower, at 49%c to 60c; sold; off to
48T4@4S%c, and closed. at 40% a.; ' . ¦--¦ •.>>¦
i The dominating Influence on the oats market
¦ was " the weakness of ; cone resulting from per
' slutent re al I zing. '. December : opened % c lower,"
at 20%c; sold off to 28 %c, and dosed at 2:)'^c.
>.; . Provisions . were i easier, 1- as •. a ; result f of j local
1 selling, 7 due , to ' heavy '- receipts - of - hogs and , to
¦ the ' weak rw ss | of gral ns.' ... A t the ' close -'January
pork wm oft a shade; lard was down 12%o, and.
ribVwer* 6c lower. ¦'- ¦•¦ -.'.- "• - ,
Future Grain, and v Provisions.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TIRADE.
Of the", steadiness noted on Thursday there
was not a vestige visible yesterday, Not'fof
years ' has there - been so ¦ much Butter on the
market at this time, of the year. ; It was piled
up .: high ' and ' could - not k be - moved. - With >at
least ' one large retail . house advertising • to sell
at 34c per. square., or about 22%c per lb, and
the ; public ¦ almost ' exclusively < taking. Eastern
and" cold-storage goods and the retailers carry.
Ing •; storage ; goods . of •'¦ their own. < whTcTr.- they
are anxious to get . rid of , and the early .rains
and ' green '. grass, , which i have got . everybody
scared, .- the - t market has ; simply . got . no bot
tom. ; . In . addition .'Los :. Angeles, Sacramento
and other: large customers of. this market have
got so much Butter that' they are sellers them.
selves at present.' so the situation ' is about ' as
weak as ; it can well be. Quotations ar« lc
lower-again/ ' ¦ ," . *
; . Fine ; ranch Eggs, continue well cleaned up
and ; unchanged.' but Eastern" of all descrip
tions " are - quoted - a cent or ; so ¦ lower. • There
is nothing -new. in Cheese. . V . ¦ ¦• ¦ .
¦ Receipts were : 46,700 : lbs Butter, : ¦¦ 695 cases
Eggs r and : 26,700 : lbs : Cheese. \ <-.- ¦¦» .--.
BUTTER — Creamery at . first . hands, 24S25o
tor : extras" and * 20©23o ; for :iower, to medium
grades: ''dairy. <17©20c: cold-storage,'" 20©23c
store Butter ,-.14®16c;. Eastern cubes, 18@22%c*
Eastern ladle-packed/- 15©16c/ ' -
-. CHEESE— 11%©12%c - for." choice mild "new
and ¦? 9©10c - for : old;' cold, storage. 10%eiic-
Young, Americas. \ 11% @12c; Eastern,^ 10015c
'per lb.'---,-? ¦"¦ ¦%¦¦--¦¦¦'- -¦¦ ¦...--¦' ¦: --^, ;--. j. ....... .
- EGGS— Ranch, } 42©43c -for " large .white"- m: ;
lee ted, . 39@41o \ for good . to choice and < 36838c '
; for' 'common; ; cold * -storage, :25®30c;- store
nominal ; •'• Eastern, \ 25@27c j for ; choice < 22©24c
for; standards "and ' 19@21c , for. seconds. _ j
Butter, Cfreese and Eggs.
Lead, unchanged at £12 4« 6d In London.
Locally the market showed rather an advanc
ing tendency, ¦ with spot held all the way from
$4 20 to #4 45 for large and small; lots. '
Spelter was a shade higher In London, clos
ing at £23 12s 6d and ruled firm in New York,
where spot Is quoted at $5 35@5 40.
Iron closed at 60s 7d in GlasKow and at 46a
l%d In Mldfllesboro. Locally the iron market
is steady and unchanged. -.-¦:.: -^ •.;
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.-rThe London tin mar
ket was rather irregular, I but closed firm, with
spot at £132 7s Ud and futures at £131 2s 6d.
Locally the market was quiet, ' ranging from
$2875 to $29 12%.- • .^. .r
• Copper, firm; lake, $13 50@13 62%; ' electro
lytic. $13 37%@13 50;- caating, J13 12%®13 25.
In London tha market was firm and -higher,
closing at £61 12s Cd for spot and at £02 for
futures. .i.
JS'cw York Metal Market.
-SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com.
pany. quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bars:
Cubes.- A Crushed 1 ' and - Fine Crushed. "¦• 0 25c*
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, B-lOc-Dry
Granulated, fine. Be ; Dry . Granulated "¦ coara*
60: Fruit , Granulated.- . 6c; i ; Beet ¦ Grannlatwi
(100-lb bags only). 6.00c; Confectioners' a 6e-
Magnolia A, 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden c'
5.40c;- "D,"' 6.30c; barrels.. JOo more- \^f
barrels.' 25c more; boxes, '50c more; 60- lo bags
10c more for all kinds.- Tablets — Half barrels'
6.50c; boxes. 6^75c:_H.*A E.- Crystal Domlnos.*
flc . per lb. v No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
i COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases.- 19%e: AstTal, 19%e;
Star, 19%c: Extra -Star,- 24c; Etarne. 26c; Eo
cene 23c; Deodorized 'Stove Gasoline In balk.
16c; in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk,. 13c; in
cases. 19 %c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bojk. 25c;
In cases. ¦ 31c.' -' . " *
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon In cases and
75o in 'drums and. iron barrels. ¦: > .
r RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead 7U«
7%c per lb; White Lead. •7%©7%c^accordin*
to quantity.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for -cases
add 5c; Linseed. 53c per gallon for boiled and
Sic for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10@l 12; Lueol. 60c for
boiled and. 48o for raw;. China Nut cases,
65@S0c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels.
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc: natural winter
Sperm Oil,' 63c; extra bleached .winter Whale
Oil * 57c; natural Whale Oil. . 82o: "extra : winter
strained; Lard, Oil.' 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure-Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Ntatafoot Oil.
63c; light Herring OU. -42c; dark Herring Oil,
40c: Salmon Oil. 34c; boDed Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil, 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c - - : • '¦ ¦ • > -- :,-,-
COAL— WelUngton. $8 per ton; New W«l
llngton. $8; Seattle. $6 .60; Bryant, $8 50;
Beaver -Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond, $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 50® 13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions, - $8 SO per short
ton. : ¦ . ¦' • '"¦".. ¦ ¦• •' . . ¦ ¦-.
BAGS— Grain Ban, $5©5 25; - Ban Quentln.
$4 50; Wool-Bags. 30<&32c; Fleece Twine. 7 %c:
Fruit. Bags, 6%©7%c for whit* and 7o for
brown jute. . .• ; -\, ."¦
General Merchandise.
The fifth car of Western Poultry for tha
current week was on sale and cleaned up well,
at steady . prjees. Receipts of domestic stock
were a little over 60 coops and most descrip
tions ' cleaned : up quickly, large Hens, young
Roosters . and young iTurkeys having the ¦ most
call. Broilers ¦were weak and ; lower owing
to" the - competition ¦ of : Wild Ducks. ' Several
cases of dressed Turkeys were . received. No.
2 stock sold at 18620c per pound, while fancy
offerings sold up; to* 25c.V . .,,....
•Receipts of Game were light and Wild Ducks
were generally . higher. ', A portion of the re
ceipts came - to ' hand - In - bad . condition,' which
accounts for the wide range of prices. ¦ ' ..
' POULTRY — Live Turkeys, old. 14@16c per
lb for Gobblers . and 15@17c ¦ for Hens; young
Turkeys 20®23c per- lb; Geese, per pair, $160
©2; Goslings. $2@2 25; Ducks. $4 60@5 per
dozen for. old and $5® 6 for young; Hens.
$4 60@5 for small and $5 50®6 for large; young
•Roosters. $5 5006; old Roosters. $4 50@5; Fry
ers, $4 50@5; Broilers.; $2 50@3 50: Pigeons.'
$1' 25 per dozen for old and $2Ti'2 25 for Squabs.
• ¦ GAME— Mallard ' Ducka, $3@7 per
Canvasbfeck., $3®8; Teal, $3@3 50; Sprlg,$3@
4 50 r Widgeon, $2 50#3; Red. Heads, $3@4 50;
email Ducks, $2; ; Gray Geese. $4 50; White
Geese, '¦ $1 50@2; Brant. $1 50®2 00: - Honkers.
$3S5; Snipe $3 for English and $1 50 for com.
mon: Doves, $1@1 25; Hare, $1 75«?2; Rabbits.
$2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for. Brush. .. ;
Poultry and Game.
Exchange and Bullion. \
- LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 84%
Sterling Kxchange, sight '.' ... — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange." cables ...... < — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight ....;. — 07%
New York Kxchange. telegraphic — 10
Sliver, per ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars -. . ... . ; 45% @ 40
v "INTERNATIONAL.,
New York on Paris. 5.15%
New York on Mexico. 215%-
Paris on London 25.11
Berlin on London ..20.85
Wheat and Other Grains/
WHEAT— Liverpool ; futures were lower.
Chicago was several fractions 6ft. This mar
ket showed, no material change.- The cash
grain was in rather better tone and futures
were firm, with active covering by shorts.
: ~ ; TCASH .WHEAT.
California- Club, fl 45@1 62%; California
White Australian, $1650162%; Northern
Club, $1 45@1 52%; Northern Bluestem. $1 60
91 62% per ctl: - _ _> • :
..futures. -..:»•.
Eeeelon 9 to 11:30 a. m. :
Open. - High/ Low. % Close
December ;. .$1 45 - $146- |l 45 $145%
May ....."... 1 46% 1 47% 1 46% : 1 47^
2 p. m. Session.
December— $1 45%. • .';. . .'*
May— ?1 47. ... . ' -. .
BARLEY— The market waa distinctly firmer
yesterday. Choice Feed was quoted 25c per
ton higher and the futures were firm, with
few sellers. For several days there has been,
a ¦ rumor that Japan • was making Inquiries ¦ for
a ¦ large : line in this market, It - cannot • b»~
traced, to any authentic source, and dealers
are not - giving ; it \ much • credit. ¦ The ' market
for - brewing ' grades » is ; quiet, as the brewers
are not buying at present.
¦ • ' .'• CASHiBAULEY. . ,:
Feed. $1 02%@l 12%; Brewing and "Ship
ping. $1 15@1 17%; Chevalier, $1 17%@l 22%
per ctl. .- ¦' " . - * «¦ ' • .
i - . ' ' , FUTURES. i ; >
" '. Session 8_;to 11:30 "a.m. .,'/. *
December—NoV sales; $1 OS bid, *1 08% asked.
May— No sales.'
: , %': 2 'p. m. : Session.
December— $108%. : : - '"_;:
. OATS— Dealers continue to quote a quiet
and unchanged market. .
¦White, $1 40@l 66%; v Surprise, nominal-
Red v for- feed., «1 62%©1 45 .for No. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 tor • No. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42%©1 50; Black. $1 SO@1'35 for feed and
SI B05fl-e5' for seed.' .;. - = -
CORN— Is : ftrra at tha- advance' noted yes
terday, *. with moderate supplies. .-•.'.¦ * ..
AVestern''sacked.'*Sl' : 4501-8O for'Yellow $1 45
@l-60 for White and 8145 for Mixed; Calif or: "
nia -large Yellow. $1 45@l-60: smalllround
do, $1' 6501 «2%r White, nominal; Egyptian
$1 35@l 45 for --White ;, and ?1 25@1 30 for
Brown. . - -, v--' v- :'- - \< : • - ; ¦ • ¦ ¦ .
¦ RYE— $1.37%@142%-*per .ctl. • /
V BUCKWHEAT-r-Nomlnal at about $2 per ctU
-"-. i^lour. arid ; MUlstnffs.*
FLOUR— California* Family ? Extras,' #4 80®
5 ' 10, .. usual ¦ terras ; : . Bakers' . Extras, ., $4 .7005 ; '
Oregon and .Washington,- jobbing at $404 50
•per bbl. .••- • -\ " ." . ' .' ' •¦-¦•. . -'.• -
¦ MILLSTX^FSr^Prlces In packages 'in as
follows: .'Graham, '•¦•Flour, ",$2 75 per 100 lbs-
Ry • • Flour. $3 ; j Rye Meal, $ 2 75 ; Rlc« Flour 1
$7 ; . Corn i Meal.-; $2 CO; " extra ¦ cream do *3 60 :
Oat ! Meal. ; $3 75; -, Oat. Groats. $4; ; - Hominy
$3 C0©3 85; - Buckwheat J Flour, -¦ $4; "i. Cracked
-Wheat, -i ?3 50; Farina.'. $3 :75; k , "Whole r- Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats,' bbla $6 75@7 60> In
p iiack8.»$4 25 ;¦' Pearl ?Barley,- $5;' Split * Peas
boxes.- $5 50 ; Green ¦ Pgas; $5 50 per 100 lbs. '"
. /3 . and jFeedstuffs.', r
"-.; There Is no ' further change* to report \ in any"
. description. L 1 ; Receipts "of , Hay.' were ¦ again lib-'
eral - and - Included -. 67 cars. ,v Bran ; waa ¦ weak
s.-.BRAN— *18 50@19CO(per ; ton. '
- -MIDDLINGS— |24'5O®27' CO -per -ton. •
¦SHORTS— $18 60Q19 COvperHon. • ¦
'p. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23 5O®24 ' per *
, ton ; i Oilcake S Meal Vat? the ' mill ?> $31' 80^32 60; ¦
jobbing. i $33 ; e Cocoanut 2 Cake.? $23^24 ; « Cocoa- •
; nut ' Meal,-- $24@25 : * Corn J Meal T $30 80@31 '¦ 80- '
Cracked s Corn, t $31@32; ; Mixed ' : Feed, j $220 :
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— With the fears of a
rupture between liu*sia and Great Britain re
lieved, stocks scored a sharp recovery to-day.
Tfaere wss an astertioa of the recovered bull
control cl the market and excursions, were
made into the Ust to develop new points of
strength. These efforts met with success. The
striklni feature of the market, however, m-as
list decline in Interest at the higher levels
and the lapse into actual dullness at times.
The market was the smallest of the week. The
ocn«*<jueacc was a supposition that belated
fhcrts are largely responsible for the ru»h to
buy at the opening and the epurt in prices
fct that time. The inference is drawn that
yesterday's "bux?" has had the effect of in
clining larg« ep*fulatix-e forces to refrain from
turtber heavy ctwratlons for a time. In the
«arij- deallnec L'nion Pacific maintained well
its recent prominence in the market, the tm
peijins lactor being the definite decision on
the rart of the Oregon Short Line directors to
avail themeclve* of the privilege under the
tocrtgsge to retire the participating bond*
at VTZ'f. In unite of all official disclaimers
tb* .•;.. j:k;.\ v element *eee in this a certain
Indication that the Northern Securities settle
rr.ent Is being worked out to extend the com
mnnity of interest In the transcontinental
neld. - Official disclaimers of the reported ab
*cirrtion for control by L'nion Pacific or Chi
c*;.r, Greet Western stock were treated with
tfte same *keptk-i«u. The renewed rtrength of
Unlie-a States Steel preferred wbjs as effective
as £.n>-thia» in <h«? day's market In r»»torlflg
speculative cocfiJeno*. as the heaviaess of the
«ee! eecuritles may tx? eaid almort to beye
f>fcar<?d » ith th# w«r scar« as a nuin of the
week's break in the market. The rise In
Amalgamated » .'1 ; ;*r and in Eucar was asso
ciated with the favorable trade reports from
the Industries »ith which tho«> companies are
concerned. The Canadian Pacific group was
notably buoyant, but no sews was disclosed to
account for It.
The situation in the money market was a
contrifcutiDE cause to the facility with which ;
stocks recovered. The considerable receipts on '
b&ia&ce from the interior on the regular ex
port movement was gratifying to the specula
tive element. Chicago advices pointed to this
an a lull In the interior demand rather than
an end of the mox'ement. The loss by the sub
treaeury operation* and Thursday's geld ex
port wts thus reduced to small proportions.
The decrease in the foreign tension afforded
ecm# relief here to the exchange market and
no further engagements were made of gold for
expprt to-morrow, as had been ' anticipated.
Money on call was offered down during the
day from 2V4 p*r cent to below 2 per cent.
The occasional fluctuations ot the market
rmvc way to a recovery of final dealings, and
the closing was firm and generally at the best
jirioes.
Bonos were f.rm. Total sales, par value,
$6,205,000.
United States bondf were unchanged on call.
Sew York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton A Co., 490 California street,
E&B Fraaciveo. member* ol the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations cf that Exchange:
Eales. J Stocks— IHJghlLow.l Bld.l Ask.
I m m , .^__ I . . ¦ 1
-Adams Exptms 230 |2S0
ei.SQOjAmalg Copper ..63 «.">•;, 67% | 08 \
Am can Co 6>4| «5-a
{ Do piA 47»4t 47^
2,lOO,Am Car & Ft Co 25% 23H 25T, 1»
2001 Do pfd 64% 63* g f M b4~U
Am Chid* 103 105
Do pfd W> 04
800 Am Cotton OH.. 82* 82^ 32^ 32%
jDo pfd % 95 t»8
jAm Dlst Tel 2« 27
Am £^cpress 2O4 207
jAm Gr Twine Oo 7U 7^4
,Am IJice A. L...J 5 5»»
Do l>ti 1 21 23
SOO^Amerlcaa 1« ..{ Sfc 8 o»4 S^i
1.20O1 Do pfd 37 35 , 36& 37
Lam Linseed .... ..... ..... 14 15
] Do pld S6 87
Am LiooniotJv*. 27 Vi 20f4 27% 27%
800 Do pfd »7% 97 87 # 97H
:Am Malt &% 5^
... I Do pfd 22 222
8,800 Am Em & Rf Co) 72V4 70T4 "2% 72^
900 Do pld ..*..... 112 111% 112 113
12L600 Am Sugar- 142H 137 H 142V4 U2\i
Do pld 1«7 136^137 138
200 Am Tel A. T Co 137 13G& 142% 144
200 Am Tob pfd 145% 145 144% Htt^
Am Woolen 17% IS
600 Do pfd 63»i 83>4 83% 84
300 Anaconda 99% 97 99 90%
..JAna Arbor 80 33
f Do pfd 60 64
29,100 A T * S F 86% 85% 86% M*A
2.K00 Do Pfd 102 101% 101% 102
14.1)00 Bait A Ohio.... 94% 93Vi 83% 34.
Do pfd •• 85 *«
Bay State Oas H l %
9.8WB B T M% 65% 66%| 66%
Brook Un Gas 223 228
Bruus D i I :.. T 8
'Butterick Co... : B0 81
Canada Fo 67% «J%
7.RO0 Canadian Pao . . 130 127T4 123% 129%
7.200C A 0 45H 449. 45% 45%
jC & A 38 38%
< I*} pfd '«s0 85
4t3,5OOjC ft G \V. ...... 25. 24" 24% 24%
200 Do pfd A 63% «3% 63 64
3.200! Do pM B.... 34- 82% S3tf 33%
.......I Do dsbs 87 87%
700 C &, X W 195 104% 195 105%
C0.3O01C M & St P 172% 170U 172% 172%
Do pM 162 185
71.3CO!C UilP (new) S3 32% 82% S2J4
3.400! Do pfd 74% 73 73% 74
I Do 4» 7gy f 78%
S,2w0jChlcaeo Term... 12 0% 11% 11%
18.<KK» Do pfd 25% 22 24% 25
2,300 Chicago Un Trac »>> S% H% 9
I Do pfd .. 62% 52 C2% 52%
1.100C C C * St L .. 64% Sl% 84% 85
Do pfd 100
Oeve Lor A W. ....'. . 65- ..:.."
Do pfd k 00- ...;.
11,600 Colo Fu*l A Iron 42% 41% 41% 42 .
Do pM 72% 75'
4!X) Colum H C & I. 14% 14 14% 14«
1,100 Colorado So 22% 22% 22% 21
000 Do 1st pfd ... &5 &3% .',5 r,0%
HOC, Do 2d pfd .... 29% 28>i 28% 20%
3.<i00 Consolidated Gas 216^ 214% 216% 21G&
300 Con Tob pfd ..1125% 125 * 124% 125%
. GOO Corn Products ,. 17% 16% 17% 17V1
800' Do pfd .. 75 74- 74 74%
2e.cno!Del A Huason/. 185% 17» 185 IS5%
2.500JD LAW ...... 220 2S»8 298 300
........ID A K G .. 30% 31.
KOOj Do pfd £3 $2 - 83- K3%
.. :\\>cm, M A Ft ».. ..'. 26% 2fl%
.......I Detroit Cn Ry. -'73% 74
• 4O(i!DetroU So * 4% 4% 4>* . B
y*\ Do pfd b% 8-8-" 8%
: Dlcwcnd Matrh 135 137
fjJ'&VlMrtll Secur -.-- 34. 32% 31 34%
., !Dw Secur btnds. ..,:. ..... 73 . 7JI*. !
800'Dulutb 8 S A A. 12 11% 11% 12.
4.4OW Do^pfd ....:. 21% 1& . 20% 21-'
180.800,'Erlr ............ 39% 38 , 39% X>%
4.C00; Do J«t pfd .. 72% 71% 02% C2%
£ ,3'X>\ Do 2(1 pM .... 53 I 51 H S2% 53
LOCAIi MARKETS.
EVAPORATED APPLES-rThe . market . con
tinues quiet and without change. Common, 4
<3*%c; prime, 4%@5o; choice, 5%@5%c; fancy,
6@7c. .
PRUNES — Firm. From 2c to 8%c, accord-
Ing to grade. ,
APRICOTS— Aro In light demand, but steady.
Choice, HVi@10c; extra choice. 10i4@10^c; fan
cy. ll@15c. . - -
. PEACHES — Are quiet, but firm. Choice, 8%
©8%c; Mtrn cholco, 9S9V4c; fancy, 9%@l0c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts^
83,000 barrels; exports, 13,411 barrels; sales,
1800 packages. Dull and a shada lower. Win
ter straights, $5 40g'3 CO; Minnesota patents,
$6 2O0« 60.
WHEAT— Receipts, 42,600; sales, 3.800,000.
Spot, irregular; No. 2 red, $121% f. o. b.
afloat; JCo. 1 Northern Duluth, $126% t. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, -,$1 08 f. o. b.
afloat. Options' declined at the start on more
peaceful reports from"" abroad, coupled with
rlEing consols and lower cables, and they-ral
lied on covering, but later broke under big re
ceipts and heaviness In the - Northwest, <4o
steady up again .finally on renewed war talk.
The close vai unchanged to %c net lower."
Sales included: No. 2 red May, $1 12@1 13%.
closed $1 13«A; December, $1 17H©1 18 7-16:
closed $1 18 7-16.
PETROLEUM — Steady. - : . "...
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, .
'All grades of- refined sugar were advanced
5 cents a hundred pounds to-day. " ¦ ¦ •
COFFEE: — Futures closed steady, "10 points
higher. Sales, 16,000 bag9. December, 6.75^
6.80c; March, 7@7.06c; May.- 7.20@7.26c;" July,
7.4W7.45c; September. 7.50@7.55c;' spot Rio,
steady; No. .7 Invoice, 8%c; mild, quiet.
New York Grain and Produce.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 4O<J
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
I CATTLE — Steers. 7%©7%e; Cows and Heif
ers, 6%©6tfc: thin Cows, 405o per lb.
CALVES — *®4%c per lb (gross weight)
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@3%c; Bwm.. &g3%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 60®2 75 per- head. • - ¦»
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c: 130 lbs and under. 4&c:
ove p 250 lbs. 4%c: soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 pet* cent oft; Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags, 40 per cent oft from above quota
tions. * :' ¦
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as foITTWs:
BEEF — 5<£f 7c - for • Steers ' and ¦ 4O3o par lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 5%®7c; small. 709c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©7%c; Ewes, 6©7c per
pound. . ... * - - " .
LAMB— 8©0c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6©8c per lb.
Both . dressed and live stock are about as
previously quoted.- with supplier ample for all
needs. The only exception Is - Veal, which la
weakened by liberal receipts of ' large range
Calves. The' butchers report good Beef be
coming more plentiful again. * '
DRESSED MEATS. ..
Meat Market.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40^
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 30 per ctl;
River Reds 75@85c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes.
$1@1 15 per ctl.
ONIONS — $1 35®1 65 per ctl. ¦
VEGETABLES — String . and Wax Beans.
l@2c •• per lb; Lima Beans. . 4^<g5c
per lb; 35Q65c per box;' Sum
mer Squash, 75@S5<r per box; Cabbage,' 60c per
ctl: Carrots 75c per eack; Cucumbers. 35® 50c
per box;' Garlic. 4%@4%o per lb; Egg Plant,
30®40c per box; Dried- Peppers, •' nominal; Green
Okra. 60@75c per. box; Green Peppers. 30©40o
per box;- Mushrooms, 12%@20c per Ifc; Mar
rowfat ! and Hubbard Squash. $1O@12 per ton.
Top prices were still being exacted for-th«
best offerings of Potatoes, but the market was
still very much depressed by the abundance of
low-grade rH'er Burbanks. which were being
pressed for sale at low prices. ' Unless the re
ceipts are curtailed or some outlet Is found
for this cheap stock the market will continue
weak Indefinitely. Old and poor Sweets were
pretty well cleaned up and prices of fresh
.stock were advanced. - Two cars came In yes
terday and met with a good demand at the
Improved prices. Onions were firmly held ' at
previous quotations. . - •
Miscellaneous vegetabtea arrived on time
and, . as receipts were large and trade * rather
¦ quiet, lower prices ruled - for some kinds. To
matoes were weaker, with comparatively few
sales over 50c per box.» The market was over
loaded with String and Wax Beans and large
lines of good stock were available at the inside
rates.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Foreiim Fntnres.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — . Dec. March. May.
Opening ....... ... 7 6^4 7 7% 7 7
Closing .;.... .:7 3%' 7 6% 7 534
. PARIS.
Wheat—. ', ? ' . Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening ........ .......... 23 30 24,45
Closing ... .'..."........... 23 35 24 55
Flour— ¦ '.-" •
Opening 30 90 31 95 '
Closing. . . . .- .1 . -x,y . ,, U, -~30 00 : .:¦ . 32 10.
IiOiidon.Copi'ier. Market.
- I/5JCDON", Oct. ; 28.— Copper was stron'ff, In
R>-mpathy with- better American advices. Six
hundred tons were sold. .The metal closed at
61%. ' - ' ' . - ' •• . -^ ¦
X' > ""~'ti Wheat Marketi ' - )
ir.i.. ¦*" WASHINGTON."
TACOMA, Oct 2S. — Wheat, unchanged. Blue
stem, 69J£c; club, S5^c ; ¦
¦ Xorthcrn Business.
SEATTT.K. ' Oct. 28.— Clearings, $1,036,167;
Balances. $200,962.
TACOMA. Oct. 28.— Clearing*. $502,108; bal
ancen, ?57,»91.
PORTLAND Oct. 28.— Clearings, $701,292;
balances, $59,479.
SPOKANE. Oct. 28.— Clearings, f 433,332;
balances, $78,140.
An easier ¦¦ feeling In Limas. - with less de
mand, is reported. Other Beans remain about
the same. ¦' Receipts yesterday- were 9065 sacks,
making 55,476 sacks - thus far this week.
J . BEANS— Bayos $2 75@3; Pea. $3 10@3 25:
Butters $2 75@3; small White, $3 15^3 35:
large White $2 40@2 65; Pink, $2 75@3 25
for dry; Red,' $4 2504 50; Lima, $4 15@4 25;
Red Kidneys. $4 50@4 75; Blackeyes. $2 60®
2 70 per ctl; Horse Beans. $1 85@2 40. .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax, $2®2 75; Canary. 6%
©7c: Alfalfa, 15%@16%c; Rape. 1%®2%c;
Timothy/ 5%c; Hemp, 3%@3%o per lb; Millet,
2^©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. - $1 75@2 50; Green
Peas. $1 75@2 50 per ctl. .
Renns and Seeds.
HIDES ANt> SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10Wc; medium, 9Uc; light. 9c: Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags.
7c: Salted Kip.' 10c; Salted Veal -lie; Salted
Calf. llHc; dry Hides. 16%017c: dry Kip. 13©
14c; dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®
40c each: short 'Wool, 40065c each: medium.
75@90c; long Wool, $1@1 50; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2g 2 30 for medium.
$1 5<W2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hldee. dry, $1 73 for large and fl 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c . for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican; 30c: dry salted
Mexican,- 25c; dry Central American. 30e; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: .extra large do.
$1 25; large, 50c; medium 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4%o per % lb;
No. 2. 3%c: Grease, 2%©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaqnln and South
ern.. 9611c; Southern 8f?0c; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc; Middle' Counties, free, 12$14«;
do, defective. 10@12c; Northern fr«e. 12®14o;
Co defective. - 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
eino. 14©15c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop, 27@31c per lb.
Ilides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
22 50; Horse Beans. $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10<&16 50; Wheat and Oat.
$10@14 60; Oat,' $!t<J13: Barley and Oat. $8
012; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7010; stable. $9
"ill: stock. $5 50©7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa.
$9©12 per ton. .
STRAW— 35®65c per bale. «
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon.- lie per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13 Vic for light.
US'HVic for extra light and -13c for augar
cured; dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie;
Eastern sugar- cured Hams. '13c; Califor
nia Hams. 12%c: Mess Beef. $10010 SO per
bbl; extra Mess. $10 Sixgil; Family. $12@12 50;
prime Mess Pork $14 50; extra clear - $2.1;
Mess, $17 50; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig Pork.
$2«; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierce* quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and OQOVic for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9%0
9%c: 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins.- lOfce. ' '-.-':¦¦
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: thre«
half barrels. S^jc; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces.
8V4c: five tierces, 8%c per In.-
Trade has been very quiet 'since ' the sharp
cut in prices a week ago. - If It was intended
to stimulate the demand it did not succeed
very- well.
Provisions.
Xew York Stock Market.
I^ASTER.V 3IARKETS.
Alaska. Packers Still Unsettled and
$3 50 Highex.
The feature of yesterday** market was th«
recovery In Alaska Packers from $97 to
$100 50 under sales of li« shares. Gas and
1 Electric was 75c higher at $57 75 and Spring
' Valley Water lower at $3U. Trading wan lisjhc
I all day. There was nothing new in the oil or
'mining stocks .beyond an improvement In tha
North End Comstocks, with Increased sale*.
The Persian Ditch Company- has levied an
assessment of 2c. delinquent November 19. '
Alaska Packers was ex-dividend of $1, or
$4$,00O. on its Issued stock yesterday. It Is .
1 said that the directors are holding dally
: meetings to consider the affairs of tn« com
pany, and posted people say that they want
to do the very best they can for tlte , share
holders. There waa a report a day dr so ago
that they had under consideration still an
other plan — the issuance of about $l."r.o.i;t;o
' bonds and 12,000 shares, both of which could
; probably be placed at satisfactory figures and
would provide sufficient funds to place the
company in a secure' position. But yesterday
It was stated that powerful Interests in the
directorate were opposed to a bond issue, pre
ferring the Increasing of the capital stock, as
mentioned last week. Most of these street
reports are speculations.
As a result of the merger of the Federal
Trust Company with, the Central Trust Com
pany the number of the directors of the latter
corporation will be increased to permit tha
election of the following representatives of tha
Federal Trust Company: Jamea Madison. R. <
D. Hume, Charles Nelaon. J. M. Vane*. G. H.
Umbsen. J. M. Keith and Gavin McNab. W.
A.* Irwin," who has been manager of the Fed
eral Trust Company, will b« elected trust ofS
cer of the Central Trust Company. .
The Giant Povder Company Consolidated has •
declared a regular monthly dividend of 6i>c per
share, payable November 10.
The Greene Consolidated Copper Company
paid a dividend of 3 per cent yesterday. This .
is the third dividend of 3 per cent this year
and makes total payments to date of $1.4^9.tfVO. '
United States Oil and Mining Company of
Bakersfleld has levied an aswrsmptit of lc p«r
share, delinquent November 21; AHa OH Com
pany of Oakland, assessment No. 1, of 2c per
share, delinquent November 19. •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Oct. 28 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| , '-;*: Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup,.10«%tO«'. T s !4s qr cp new. — 132 Vi,
4s qr regr...lO6%lOG 7 / »'3s qr coup.. .104% 1U«
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — I Oak T Co 6S.120H121
Asso Oil r««. 79 — . I. Do 5s . 1UV» — -
Bay CPC 8».1U1%1C2 1 Do con 5». — 105%
Cat C G 53.1025* — [Oceanic S 5s. — 60
Cal G & E g |Om Cable 6S.120U —
m ft ct 5s. 80% — Pac O Im 4a. — 9T
Cal-st C 5s.lU& — |P E Ry 5s..lO4V3lO3.
C C Wat '5a. — 90Vi'P & C H fs.104 — • '
EdL & P «s.l25 - IP4OR 6s.ll4%115
F & C H 6s. — — {Powell-st 6s. — — .
Geary-st 5s.. 50 — ISac EGARSs.KWVa —
H CAS 5^8.105 — SF & SJV.iH.llSt, —
Do 6s 99% — Sierra R 6s. — . —
Hon R T 6s.lO7% — 3 P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. — 103Vi (1909) .....1C«% —
LARy3s..ll3«— (1010) .'....109T4 —
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C 6a
Do gtd 6s. — — O90S)S r A. 101 101%
Do gtd 53.101 103l» <19C5)Sr B. — —
LAP lem 53.102 — <19C«) 104H — 5
Mkt-st C es.116 f— (1912) 11.1% —
Do lem 5s. — 116% SPC 1 eg 5s.ll7Vi —
MV& MtT5s. — 110 I Do stampd. — —
NRR of C68.l66U106Vi>9 P B R f». 134% 133%
Do 5s 118 — |S V Wat 6s.lO4%
N P C R 5aa06%107% Do 4s 2dm.l01 101%
N C Ry 5s.. — 112* Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
M C P C Hi. 98 — Dog mtteia «9% —
N 8 R R 5s.l01% — Stkn G&Etta. 93 — -
OG L&H 58.105 110% XT G & E 5s. VKTW —
O "W gtd 5». — 100 UR of SF 4s. 85% —
WATER
Contra Costa — 35 (Port Costa...— . — '
Marin Co... — 60 |3 V Wat Co. S3 30%
GAS AND ELECTRIOf
Cent LAP. 3% 3%IS F G A E. 57% —
Mutual E L. 10 11 I Stkn G A «. — , 5 14
Pac L Co... S9V, — lu G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE. .
Flrem's Fnd.310 340 1 '.
BANK STOCKS.
Am NtJ Bfc..l2fl 130 L P A A 130 —
Anglo-Cal ..85 — Mer Trust... — 23»;
Bank of Cal.423H Merch Ex.. . . 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F National — —
First Natlonl — — - I ¦ . .
'SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — Say A L80.. — 1P0 ..
Hum 8 & L. — — Sec Bar Bk,. — 424."
Mutual Sav. — . 10O Union T Co.. — — .
8 F Sav U.615 - —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..19S%199 I Presidio . 88.' 40
Geary — 40 ' - rj *^rntflTOflHKMOM
GUnf •', 63% M I Vlgorlt .....— 4H
HawaltoB C 64 66 (MakaweU C. — 2814
Honokaa. S C 14% 15^ Onomea S C. 274 3A .
Hutch B P C 10 Paauhau S C 15 Him
KUaufp. S C. Z*n * WMMVai
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.10O 101 Oceanic S Co. 3H :'¦ 3%
Cal F C A. 90 100 Pac Aux FA. A\i — •
; Cal Wine A. ,76% 81 Pac C Borx.lM 137%
MVA MtTm. — 105 Pac S Tel Co. — 222^- .
¦ Morning Session. *
65 Alaska Packers' Association... 10O CO
23 Alaska Packers* Association. .»10O SO
145 A Uska Packers' Association. . . 10© 33 :
20 Onomea Sugar Co 2» 28
243 Sprtn*. Valley Water Co 09 CO
Street — - BkJPKMSB
10 Bank of California .424 ,73
$7.fXH) S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped).. 110 25
$3,000 Spring Valley « per cent 1(M «2i£
$5.COO Spring Val gen mtge 49 9» 1U 1 -,
$10,000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent....!35_0O t
Afternoon' Session.
Board—
! ¦ 10 Alaska Packers' Association. . .100 25
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 100 :t"'4
10O Paauhau SP Co 13 00
30 S F Gas A Electric. : 57 75
$3,000 Cal Gas A Kl O M A C T 5sv. SOk.75
$2,000 Cal Gas AElGM&CT3s.. 8U 8<tt
Street — ¦< ¦
$2,000 Hawaiian Com! A Sugar 5s 100 50 •
$4,000 Sacramento El Gas A Ry 5a.... 102 50
$2,000 Spring Valgenjmtgs 4s... 9» \2%
Unlisted Secnritiea. )
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
.Bid. Ask. I* Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. -» 103 [SF A NP 3s.ll2^ — ,
B L Wat 6s. — 111%!S P C R.4s. Us 103 ,
Cal NW-5B..U3H — |8 P Co 4Hs.l0UilO2
M C Wat 3S.10O — Sun Tel 6s... 113 —
Rls'I:Wks5s— 103 I Do 5s 103t4 —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — (Suttr-st R3s.lC4 —
MISCELLANSOU^ STOCKS.
AlaS Co... — 25' LonA SF Bk. . — 60."
Amer Bis Co — 90 Mat Nav Co. «0 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Nev Nat»Bk.20O —
Cal G&ECor. 43 50 SSR R Co.- 9% —
C Jockey CL — 112 V, X Cal P Co. — 10«
Cal Powder. 130 143 Oak Bk Sav.12O.v~-."
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Oak T Con.. 73 —
Cal T I A T — IM IOOF Hall A «% —
Cen Bk Oak — 75 Orpheum Co. 15Vi
Chutea Co -. — 6 PacC Cas Co. 1.13 — '
City A C Bk — 120 (Pac Sur Co.lC3 —
O»p L Imp.: — «%!Paraf Paint. 20 . —
East Dynm.. — 373 S F Drydock — 63
DptPwd pfd — 83 SP&SJ Coal. 17% 20
Do' com. . . 4O — ••* s J w »t Co.to::u — •
FN Bk Oak. 120 - . SO ft MTrbt.12.% —
Fischer. Thtr 55c 1 Swlsa-A Bk..ll5 .
Frnch-A Bk.107 115 Truck' Elect.. in$,l2*4 v -
Oa" CoV A ."I 1SK 2ft A UR InC pH. fift Kz
Hono P Co.. — 27 I Do com . . . 12$|aafl|
;, Do pod. .. 1-^ -27 f
Morning Session.
! $18,000. Cal* Northwestern Ry 3s...;'; .118 80
KANSAS CITY, Mo,. Oct. 28.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 6000; steady; native steers, |4@ti 20;
native cows and heifers, $1 50®4 50; atockers
and feeders. $2 25@4 25; bulls, $1 75®3 25;
calves, - $2 75@6; Western- steers, $3 ; g'4 50;
Western cows, $1 50©S'25.- ¦ -..
HOGS — Receipts. 5000; market. 2%o lower;
bulk bt sales. -$5#5 15; heavy. $5 15© 5 27 VI;
packers, .«. r 4"u> 20: pigs and lights, $4 70@5 05.
. SHEEP— Receipts,- 2000; steady; 'muttons,
$3 3U@4 10; lambs, $4 25@5 00; range wethers.
$3 25@4 15; ewes, $2 50@3 60; Utah wethers,
97 pounds, $4 25. \ ' .
Oniaha: ' : : 'H-V-^>
OMAHA, Oct. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts, 17,
0C0; steady .to easier; native steers, $4 25*?
5'40; cows and helfera, ?2 50^3 75; "Western
steers, $3@4 60; Texas steers, . $2 75@3 75;
range cows and heifers, $2 25@3 25: .canners,
$1 50®2 10: stockers and feeders. $2 2S@3 85;
calves, $3igF5 50; bulls and stags. $1 75@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 6000; market 5®10c lower;
heavy. ?4 85@5; mixed, $4 OOfii 05: light.
fi i>. r .<fj5; pigs, $4 50@4 80; bulk of sales, $4 90
@4 ns.- s
SHEEP — Receipts, 6000; steady .to strong:
Western yearlings, $3 90@4 25: wethers,. $3 75
@4 15; ewes, $3 5O@3 90; common and'stack
ers, $2 50@4; lambs. $4 79^5 60.
- - Chicago. ". -
CHICAGO. Oct. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts,
6500, Including 2000 Westerns: market 5@10o
lower; good to prime steers, $5 80^6 60: poor
to medium.' $3 75&5 60: stockers and feeders,
?2@4 25; cows. $1 5O®4 50; heifers, $2@5;
canners. <$1.50<gC 40;' bulls, - $2®4 50; calves,
S3©": Texan fed steers, *3 50^5 50; Western
. steers. ?2 75^5. . " '
. HOGS— Receipts) 2200; to-morrow, M5;000;
market, WilOc lower; mixed and butchers,
$4 90@5 30"; good to choice heavy, $5 10@5 30;
rough heav>-. $4 50®5; light, $4 00®5 05; bulk
of sales,--' *5fi:5 15. ,. - '
SHEEP — Receipts, ... 5000; sheep, steady:
lambs, strong; good to choice wethers, $4 250
4 50; fair to choice mixed, $3 50(j?4: Western
sheep, -?3@4 40: native lambs, $4 25@6; West
ern lambs. $1 25^5 63.
Kansas City.
STOCK MARKET
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, . Raisins. Honey.
The demand for almost all kinds under this
(head has fallen off somewhat during the past
j day or so. as buyers are now. occupied In flll
! Ing their previous purchases. Quotations re-
I main unchanged.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7*©10o for
Royals and Of 12c for Moorparks; Nectarine*,
U%©7%c for White and 6H@7c Xor Red;
Peaches. 7%©8%c per Pears, 7«12c;
Plums, pitted. 6@6%c for black. Stti^o
I for red and 7eS%c for yellow: Figs. 2-crown
bricks, 50c; 3-crown, 50c; 4-crown. COc; 6
crown, 65c; bulk white- 2*i@3c; black, 3^c.
Evaporated Apples, 5Vi@7c per lb.
PRUNES— l%@l«4c per lb for the fflto.slaes
and 2 Vic basis for the large sixes.- " ' •
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters, $2 25ft2 SO; Dehesa. $1 SZ&2:
London • Layers. 80c@$l; Loo4e Muscatela. 4
crown. 4@4i4c; 3-crown. 3ViG3%c; 2-crown.
3®3%c: Seedless. 2%@2%c: Floated. 3c; Seed
ed 4@5%c; Thompson's Seedless^ 4%c; Seed
less Sultanas. 3^@3%c per lb. * -.,.*,
NUTS— New Walnut^ No. X softshell. 120
12%c: No. 2. 10@10Hc; No. 1 hardshell 12c;
No. 2. 10c; Almonds, 16@il7c for Nonpareils.
14@14V6c for I X L..13@14c for Me Plus Ultra
and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6Q7c for
Eastern; Pecans. 11013c; Cocoanuts., $4 50®5;
Chestnuts. 10@15c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. U%@13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted, 5%&
6c; light amber extracted. 5®5%c; dark. -Vtf
4%c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c -per lb.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2S.— Cash quotations [ were
as follows: Flour, easy; -No. 2 spring wheat.
?ri7;rNo. 3, ?1 05@1.15; No.', 2 red, $1170
1 17% ; No. 2 corn, 55%ef No." 2 yellow, 57@
ri7'/4c; No. 2 oats, 30%c; No. 2 white. Sl%@
31?ic; "No. . 3 .white, *20%@31%c; No. 2 rye,
7!>y.c;good feeding J>arley, 37 >4c; fair to choice
malting, 42@52c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 10; No. 1
Northwestern. . $1 1U)&; prime timothy' seed,
$3 CO; ' mess pork.' per bbl, $10 90<g»ll; lard,
per 1C0 lbs, $7 02% @7 05; short ribs sides
(Icose). $7 1214@7 20; short clear sides (boxed).
$7.37Vi@7. 50; whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 24; clover. . contract grade, $12 15. '
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls , • 24,700 10,200
Wheat, bu.., .137,000 . 47.500
Corn, bu 99,600 29,«iO0
Oets, bu.. ?...'.„.".:. 139.200 -, ¦ 100,300
Rye", bu ......; "" 7,000 1.000
Barley, bu .69,000 .. (J.300
Butter, Clicpse and. Eggs.
CHICAGO. Oct. 28. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the '. butter market was firm;
creameries. ltiQUMc: dairies. 13@16c. ¦ Eggs
firm; mark, cases included, ltt^iglS^c;' firsts,
12^,c; prime 21'4c; extras, '• 23^4c. Cheese
«a»y., 10K®l6%c. ¦ -
Cash Grain and' Provisions.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28;— Ths .following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shoTvo the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
October 2 1. --with the percentage of. Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year: \
_ \ Per Cent
Cities— .... .. Inc.. Deo.
New York . f $1,820,673,081 71.4
Chicago 176,607,518 .... .2
Boston 137,724.473 17. «
Philadelphia ...... 126,;57t;,:«» 15.9 ....
St. Louis ; 58.78<J,226 ,21.1 *
Ptttsburg- 4.J.590.611 .... .1
San Francisco ... -30.700,882 2.6 ....
Baltimore 23*,123 28(J 10.3 ....
Cincinnati 20,45(5.550 1.1 .....
Kansas City .... 24. COS, SKI ¦• .... 8.0
Kew Orleans .... 20,163,004 0.8
Cleveland a . . 14.C89.2S3 • .1
Minneapolis 22,781,553 10.1 ....-
Detroit-,. lQ.114,27t}. 6.7 ....
Louisville 10,7S6.36a • 10.7. ....
Omaha 7,7(!O,S74 2.1
Milwaukee 8.256.370 7.4 .
Providence ...;.. 0.022.80O - 38.1 • ....
Buffalo '. 6,4.{G,58S 8.3 ....
Indianapolis ....; ¦5,832,027-13.5- ....
St. Paul t 7.OC2.710 5.8
Los Angeles .... 6,2SS,SU 15.2 ....
St. Joseph 4,7rjO,C57 .15.4 ....
Denver 5,210,227 12.0 ....
. Columbua ........" : 4.890,600 ¦"¦;.".. 8.0
Memphis .....:... 7.405.C44 32:9 ....
Seattle 0,259,175 13.4 ....
Richmond ... 4,983.191 .38.3 ....
"Washington 4,303,S05 11.0 ....
Savannah -.. 5,50S.»T64 . . . . 18.2
Albany ....".. 3,434,363 . .9
Portland. Or .... 4,323, 60S 18.9 • ....
Fort ..Worth ' .... 3,3C9,317 .... 31.0
Toledo, O. .'"'8.106.786 ...'. 17'.2
Salt Lake City .. 3,070,730 .... 12.2
Peorla 3.219.5S9 12.8 ..<.
Atlanta.. 3,441,313 ' 4.2 ,r ....
Rochester. 2.880,289 '40.1 ¦ ....
Hartford 2.426,197; 1T.6
Nashville 2,»I3»,723 21.9 ....
De,i Moines 2,073,117 .... 8.1
Spokane, Wash. .. 2,859,211 11.6 ....
Tacoma 2,883,211 33.7 ....
Grand Rapids .... 1.8S2.036-
New Haven 1,745,959 18.7
P. a >'i°, n 1.455.097 11.0
Norfolk 1.050.621 3.9 ....
Springfield, Mass. 1, 859,170 20 7
"Worcester 1.362.179 20.3 ....
Portland. Me. ..: 1,551,476 14.3 ....
Augusta, Oa 2,070 842 7.1
Topeka " . 911.157 .... 41.8
Sioux City 1,333,568 '".... 2.6
Syracuse 1,130,001 « .9 1...
Kvansville 1.0S3.392 0.8
Birmingham 1.539,055 25.4
W ilmlr.Kton, Del.. N 1.100,897 .... 9 6
KnoxvMe 1,105,457 .... 15.7
Davenport J 652,717 25.6
Little Rock 1.325.455 14.8 ....'
Wilkeobarre 912,918 .... 2.3
Fall River 507.168 .... 36. 5
Macon 712,024 ....' '36.3
Wheeling, W. Va. 760.911 7.8 ....
Wichita 1,025.956 25.9
Akron 604,600 .... 23.1
Chattanooga 823,101 18.4 ....
Springfield, 111.... 638,265 .... 13.2
Kalamazoo, Mich. 728.411 10.1 ....
Youngstown C4fl,574 .... 3.4
Helena 045,015 .9
Lexington 4n3,fi03 9.5
rargo. N. D 611,284 ..... 10.4
New Bedford 252,221 5.4 ....
Canton, Ohio 414.000 18.1
Jacksonville, Fla." 255.055 13.1 ....
Lowell CW,5(»5 24.2 ....
Chester. Pa 429,168 14.7
Gre-enaburgr. Pa... 344,901 8.6
Rockford. Ill 531,575 30.7- ....
Btnghamton 327,400 8.6
SprfnKftel-t Ohio.. 380,547 5.8
Bloomlngion. 111.. * 318.603 11.1 -
Quincy. Ill 2M.911 ,_ ... 29.0
Sioux Falls, 8. D. 225.637 .... 31.4
Mansfield. Ohio... 179.875 .... 21.5
Deeatur. Ill 277.027 .... 17.3
Jacksonville. 111.. . 217,834 .... 6.8
Fremont. Neb.... 168.451 ...., 10.1
•Houton l<5.22»,048 20.5
•Galvettfon 13.967, COO 14.9
Charleston. S. C. . 1,631.554 45.7 ....
Cf-dar Rapid* 441,663 ....'
. Tota!». U.S.... $2, 779,082.064 44.2 ....
Outside X. Y..'. 802.408,383 7.9 .",'..
. CANADA.
Montreal $22.6S3,24S 7.6 •.';."..
Toronto 17.fi05.0B6 18.2 ....
Winnipeg... 7.182.211- 12.2 ',
Ottawa 1,965.968 5.0 ....
Halifax 1,924. «so ; - 15.9 ....
Quebw: .......... 1,534,612 .8
Vcncouver, B. C. . 1,691,296 5;9 ....
Hamilton...^.... • l.WS -«tt 19.2
London, Ont 842.853 9.4
St. John. N. B... • 1.018,270 9.4
Victoria. B. C . ,061.552 8.5 ....
Totals, Canada. $58,285,648 10.9 ....
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.*— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury shows: Available cash
balances, $145,339,282; gold. $79,050,905.
New Yori- Cotton Market.
NEW YORK Oct. 28.T-Cotton futures, un
changbd; closed steady at a net advance of
6@12 points.
«. .-. Vert sioclis several jniints hlgh
r :::::1 sllll active.
,, i.v-1 ;'u- !>• and bonds quiet, with a
tx'coicrj- in Alaska Packers.
- Alvcr drops back again. Exchange j
jibojit the same.
Wheat and Barley futures firm. Other
Craiti* steady.
liny and LVedstnffs in good - supply
•riiul tinrl tanged.
Beans still coming in heavily. Wmas
weaker.
Potato market overloaded with infer
ior stock. ¦
<f,oo;I Poultry and Game cleaning up
H oil.
G rapes and Apples in. demand for
Honolulu shipment.
r.uttcr in "excessive supply and still
lower.
12n?t*Tn Eggs declining. California
> Egg? steady.
Ih-ied Fruits quieter at unchanged
Provlrfons still quiet in all positions.
nutcli^rs report good Beef rather
more plentiful.
Erports of Lumber.
The follow-ia* thowi the ernorts <X lumber
rrom San Franc. ico by tea In September. 1904:
i-hiJippifj* Islands ...... T14.8S8 $?o"l"6
'•" 1!ca ' ir.,ii:<ij 315
17.»43 531
Central America 162, «U« 4 347
Colombia 1S.320 '450
Panama •-•• -»(M76 1.05S
Df'^'W 3o,ot» 420
ch!! « 52.SS5 2.012
i.swTLiian lf]«ndt 76 tstiO 1 S59
*waa : 4»,i82 1:272
ItJacfls C.C47 1C9
Australia 17.005 4'JO
New Zeal&a4 5.000 169
lli *y 5.424 150
Totals .1,189.247 $23,217
Dunsare —
Great Britain 105.000 1.375
Grand totals 1.2»4,247 $24,702
In September. 1903, the exports were 2,106,
089 feet, valued ax $5s.5C5. The dunnage ship
ment* la that month consisted of 204,600 feet
to Great Britain and 37.000 feet to Belgium.
j rhorf bills. Is 2% •per- cent and for three
months' bilu 2%(g3 per cent. .- -
••••'• E & T M M 60
„!><> PM 75 82
| ....... Gen Chemical 43 55
•;•¦••• ' Do- pfd 94 90
11.100 Gen Electric .... 176 174 176 176%
"AdoV S r ' ct No Dfd • •• 180 108
o.»0rf Orten Cons Cop . 21 20% 2fl»i 21
-• Havana Tob Co 29 30
••• Do pfd 39 4l
Hocking Valley go 83
Do pfd '...",;,..¦,."¦..,, . S3 89
1 ?£> J llinoi « Central ". i«% 143*' U2\i 144
1.100 Inter Paper,.... 17% J7-% 17% 18
, Du Ptd 76% 77%
-•-.... Inter Power , 62 63,
Intrr Pump 37 38
Do pfd " 78 9i
W)Iowa Central .. 27% MVi 27% 28 -
200 Do pfd _ :> 4g% 4g% 49W
Kanawha &Mich..... 3C 37
l,*00 Do pfd Al 49 49% 51
• •-.,.. Keolruk & DesM 16 18
... Laclede Ga» pfd 97% 100
,\i" Lakft E & We8t 32 35
100 Do pfd 102 102 100 105
- 'j.-- - LoaB Island \\ 50 57
4^l? Ul I * Nash... 135% in2% 135% 135%
4,200 Manhattan ¦. 161% u»ii. ICIH 1«2
"i ¦¦^d?J anhat Beach 9^ n
,«?S5: M '' tr ' )polltan Sec - w % 84 84>i 84%
if'JM' 1 . 81 - 1^- •••"•• UG % 125% 125 I* 12li^
-l^ i »»r * ic *j i ccntrai - is^ n% is% is%
?COjMlnn A St L..:. 50% 59 50 Cl
, ••-"-.} Do pfd .;.. 94 OS.
«.3<X; M. St P A M M 0.1 88% 92% 93
" l-JW] Do pfd Uau, 144 148% 149
*-«S)Mo. R«n & Tex. 3J% 30% S1U 31%
,V^i» pM MH 57%-6S% 58%
13.0C0 Missouri Pacific 104%!l03% 104 104%
••ViAA Na " h - C & 6t L 132 134'
5.300iNaUcnal Lead..'. 24% 23% 24% 21%
. . 1CO| Do pfd ,. ....'. 95 97
'-i Ntl RR M*x pfd 40% 41
- 400iNational Biscuit. 50 49 49% 50
I Do pfd 111% 112
1.500, New Jersey Cen. IS5% 182% 1S5»H188
2HN Y Air Brake.. lSfi%|l36Vi 135% 136
5,40O;New York Cen.. 134%|133Vj 134 134%
N Y. C & 8t L 34% 37'
I Do lFt pfd 1 110 116
j Do 23.pfd _,.. 68 ; 72
.... ...INew 1'ork Dock ,. 14 10
SOON Y, XH & H. 193% 193 102% 193%
46.'J00jN Y., Ont & W.. 45% 4S% 44% 44%
0.000 Norfolk &,Wj»t. 72% 70% 72 72%
Do pfd.:...... ...J! ..... 92 05
S0O,Xerth American: 95% 94% -91% 9.'%
10,000^'orthern Sees... 117% 116 ' 116% ll«J«
..Omaha 148 150
1 t»o pfd :.. . 188 190
... iO fi L 4s 103T4 104
e.SOOjPacIfic Coast 74% 69% 73% 74
'¦] Do 1st pfd 94 104
400[ Do 2d pfd 80% T8»i 80% 83 '
2.200'Pacific Mall..... 3914 3fi% 39' 39%
K».800iPenn R R Co... 136% 135 Vi 130% 13C»4
7.»<X); People's Gas 109% 107% 108% 109
IPere Marquette 75 SO
i Do pfd 73 - 74*
P. C C St. St L 74 77
200! Do pfd 101 101 101 104
7.400!Pre£sed Steel Car 32% 30% 31% 31%
300 Do pfd........ 80% 80 81 Vi 82
jPullman Car Co 225
...]Ry Steel Springs 24% 24% 24% 25
Do pfd S5 85M
108.300 Reading 75% 73% 74% 75
300 Do 1st pfd 87*4 "87% 87% 88
Do 2d pfd 80 81
. 400! Republic S & I.. 11*; 11% 11% 11%
1001 Do pfd... 1 ' 53 53%
IRubber Goods 23 23%
100| Do pfd £5 85 84. 86
000 SIoss S S & I Co 47% 46% 47% 47%
Do pfd '93 96
St J & O 1 «. 15% 17
Do 1st pfd 81. 53
Do 2d pM 25% 27
|Sl L&S F let pfd 74 75
. fciOOi Do 2d pfd ... 62 "61 Cl*i 02
. SOOSt L 4: S W... 21% 21% 21% 22»i
7001 Do pfd 50 48% 49% 50
41. hOt>! Southern Pacific 62% 61 62 62 % !
20.3001 Southern Ry 34»i 34%
200 Do pfd ../... 94»» »4% »4% »4%
Standard OH 647 649
IStandard R & T 1% 2%
7.700'Tenn Coal & I. 67% 55% 57% 57%
Texas P L T Co ...: 30 33
3.1U>Texas Pacific 34% 35
. Third Avenue .. 131 H 132%
Toledo R A T Co 27% 28
Toledo St L A W 30Vi 30 29% 30^4
400j Do pfd 49% 49% 49% 50
1,300 Twin City R T 104% 103% 104 104%
Do pfd : 103% im%
....... Union. B &„ P 1% 8V4
ICOf »o pfd' ..'...: C8- 68 6S 09.
UN. COO Union- Pacific 111*. 111%
1.300 Do Pfd 05 93 94% f>5
U P Conv 4s... ..... ..;.. 113% U3U
..:.... United Copper.. . .* 5 7 -.
- 300 United H of « F 16% 16% '15% 17.
500 Do>pfd 61% 61% 61 62
Do^s 85% 85%
U S Cast I P... 13
Do-pfd 62% «4.
U S Express... 116 115% 115 117
5,400^' 8 Leather.... 12% 11% 12H 12%
1.000 Do pfd ...... 90% 90% 90% 91
600 U S Rubber ... 28 27% 27*i 28
400 Do-pfd 83% 83 S3 83%
SP.SOO U S Steel Cor.. 20% 20 20% 20%
W»,50W Do 1 Pfd 81% 79% 81% 81%
4'.*,000 Va-Car Chem Co 39 37% 38 38%
1,300 Do pfd 111% 110% 111 111%
l.euOWabash 21% 21% 21% 21%
1.I0W Do pfd :: 43% 42% 42% 43%
Do deb Be ... , 65% 6tt
Welts-Fariro Ex 232 245
gOOWeetern Union.. 91% 90% 00% 90%
1,900 Weetinghcuse 1 1 . . ... 168 169
W & L D... 18% 19
Do l«t pfd 45% 46
Do 2d pfd 27 28
2,600iWi*consin Cen.. 23% 21% 23 23%
600J Do pfd 46 45% 45% 4fi%
(Southern Pac pfd 116% 116% 115% 116%
1.SS0.900— Total shares sold.
New. York Bonds.
C S ret 2s reg..l04%|L & N unified 4s. 102%
Do coupoo.. 104% I Man con gold 4s.lO5
Do 3a reg..-. ...104%iMex Central 4s... 73%
Do coupon l7i5Si! Do 1st lnc 22%
Do new 4s reg. 130% I Minn & St L 4s.. 96%
Do coupon 131% M. K & Texas 4a.lO2
Do old 4s reg.lOtf%| Do 2ds 85
Do coupon 106%|JCR ofMex con 4a 80
Atch gen 4s 102% NYC gen 3%8..10fi}4
Do adj 4s .'!i7 N J C g«n Rh 134 >,i
Atlantic C L 4s. i)^% Nor Pacific 4? 10514 1
Bait & Ohio 4s. .103 Do 3s 75%
Do 3%s 95 Nor & W con- 4s.lOO%
Central of Ga 5«.113% OSL 4s & partic.103%
Vo 1st inc 88%|Pa conv 3%s....lO:i
Chet & Ohio 4%s.lO5%! Reading gen 4s. ..102
Chi & Alton 4%s. 80 1 8 L A I M con Ss.116
C. B & Q new 4s. 9S%>6 L & B F tg 4s. 86%
CM & SP en 4s.lO9%ISt Louis BW lsts. 09%
C ft NW con 7S.12SSJ, 1 Seaboard A'L 4s. 81-
C. R I 4 Pac 4s. 78 i So Pacific 4s M%
Do col 5s...... BS%!Fo Railway 5s 11?%
C.C.C * feLga •- 102 tTex & Pae lsts.119
Chi Term 4« 82 Tol.- St L & W 4s. 81%
Cona Tobacco 4s. 75H Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo So ¦<*< 87% Do conr 4s.....ll3W r
C T ft I eon 8s. 81% U-S.Btee! 2d-5a.. 87H
Den & Rio G 4«.l(Hi,i! Wabash lats 113
Er«» prior lien 4s.lO1 Ui Do deb B ..... C<3-
Do gen 4s . 88%|W ft L ErU 4s. ..'90%
V XV & D C lsts.lll%fWis Central 4s... 92
Hock V*l 4%s...ioa J
New York Mining Stocks. -
Adtma Con ...... 20| Little Chief ..... ©5
Alice 40]Ontarlo 8 60
Breece lOJOphlr 2 75
Brans Con 13) Phoenix ' 15
Com Tunnel ...'.'' 09| Pctosi 11
Con Cal ft Vt... 1 45 Savage'.'. •¦...•.-? 24
Horn Silver 1.50! Sierra Nevada..'.. . 22
Iron Silver ..'.'.. 1 95tSmall Hopes ..... -.-SO
LeadvlUe Con..".. 02! Standard ......... 1 05
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel......... 20%'
Call loans 2©3| Do pfd ....:... 81%:
Time loans'. ...... 4^5iWeBtlng Common. B3
Bonds— • I Mining —
Atchison 4s ' 102 | Adventure •.......• 4
¦ Do adj 4s.. 00% Allouez ... ::'..... 13 -•
Railroads — Amal Copper .... 67%
Atchison .... 86% Amer Zinc . .12%
Do pfd ........101% Atlantic ,......;: 1C%
Boston & Albany.251 (Blngham '...:...'.. S2%
Boston & Maine.164%1 Calumet & Hecla.600
Boston Kiev 152 %| Centennial- 30%
Fltchbunr pfd/.. .138 (Copper Range ... 64%
Mex Central .17% Daly Wwt 10%
N Y.N H ft H..193- Dora Coal ...:... 55
Pere Marquette... 76 - Franklin ......... 10'
Union Pacific: .:. 111% Qrancy 3%
Miscellaneous — .lisle Royale 24%
Amer Arg« Chera. 20 [Mass Mining 6%
Do pfd :'..-. 83 -{Michlpran 6%
Amer Pnra Tube.. S% I Mohawk 82%
Aroer Sugar, ... -1425»i Mont Coal ft Coke 8%
Do pfd /...13« I Old Dominion .. . 274i
Amer. Tel & Tel.l43%IOsceola 90%
Amer Woolen. ..: 17^ Parrot ........... 27%
Do pffl;. ....... . 83%IQulncy 99%
Dom Iron * 8... 13 IShannon ..' ..6%
Ed E1»ct Ilium. .250 ITarnarack ...."..:. 123 .-
Geri Electric ....175 tTrinity .:'.:.. ....:u%
M>m E4ectrlC. . . ¦ 13% IV \ 8 Mining;. ;.. . r 24U
-. Do Pfd -..-./-.. 65 "I U 8 -OH. .......... 11 .
Mm. Gas ....... 41%]Utah ............. 42<»i
TTnited Fruit ....103%l Victoria V... ....,.' 4V«-
Un Shoe Mach... MUlWinona' 10%
Do pfd ::;.r.TT.'81%| Wolverine ¦.;...;.: 00 •-
r London ' Closing * Stocks. " -*
Cons money.'.; 87 13-lOlN' Y Central..... 137%
Do acct- ;*.;S7.l3-16:Nor & Western;.. 73%
Anaconda ....... -8-1 Do_pfd . 83
•Atchison ...¦...";. 88%1Ont & Western.:. '46%
Do pfd ...... "104% Pennsylvania ..-..: fl9%
Bait & Ohio....- 86% Rand- Mine* ....; 1O«
Can Taciflc .....132% Reading ....:.-... 38
Ches & Ohio <~- f« Do 1st pfd."....: 44%
Chi Great West.. «4% Do 2d pfd....-.; 41^
Chl'-MH & St P.175% So Railway ...V.^35%
DeBeers 1 .. .-..."• IS'-; Do pfd'....:.^. 97.
Drn'&Rlo O 31% So Pacific ....... 6S%
Do pfd ..' S4%jUnlon Pacific ... .133%
Krle ..-• •¦¦ • ¦ • ~- 34^' Do • pfd V. .*.'. ..: 97%
- . ' Do' 1 Ft ' of d . . .'.*• 73% I TJ- f3 Steel - 20%
Do 2d pfd.....: 52«4) Do-pfd ........ 82%
111' Central ... :/.147%| Wabash - . .'.7:. . .".- 22%.
Louis & Nash.. ..137%l Dopfd ...W... 44*
M.K: ft Texas.*.. 32 iSpanleh 4s :;.:... ?C%
1 'Ba/' silver — Bteady,* 28 13-16d* per ouncs.''*---- ¦
Money— 2% ©8 per eect:^3j|abmH>3MPEB
The rate of discount In the opennarfcttftorj
m^IMAIjY OF THE MARKETS.
- r Meats and Fish are still" selling at the_fa- j
rnlliar quotations and ; Fruits and Vegetables
have changed, but little, v '
J Game is coming m freely and Small Ducks
and Brant; are added to the list.
.COAL, PER TON—^SbSB»J|"'* ; - ¦ • '¦
Wellington .$—©10 00| New "
Seattle ... ..$— @ S 50} Wellington. $ — ©10 00
Roslyn ' '.$— @ 9 OOI Wellington . - .
Richmond • .$— @ 9 50 Nut ....;..$— ® 8 00
Coos Bay s ;. .$— @ 7 B0| g . - , ,
-dMry produce, etc. —^^ -
Butter, choice, 6q.45@50| Eggs, per dozen: '
. Do good ' . .35@40! Ranch . 45^50
Do packed,lb27%e30| : Storage ". 30®35-
Cheese. Cal ....15@20| Eastern ..... ..25030
Cheese, Eastern.20©25l Honey comb, lb.l5®20
Cheese. . Swiss . .25©35| Do extracted :. 8@10
POULTRY ; AND GAME-^ - . .
Hens. - large. ea.C5@00| White Geese, ea.25Q30.
"Do small . . . .50Q«0j Brant, each. . .". . .40050
Toung Roosters; . "Rabbits each ..20(825
each ........ 75c@$l|Hare each...... — @20
Old Roosters, ea.500651 English Snipe, dz — @S4
Fryers, each ..6C@«W| Common do.dz$2 50f3
Broilers. «ach v.40@50 Wild Ducks^, each— .
Turkeys, per : lb.2"e30 Mallard 75®90
Ducks, each ¦ .". 65c@$l ' Canvasback . .90c@$ 1
Geese. - each. .— @$1 50 Sprig .40@5Q
Goslings .....:$i 75®2 '. Teal ......... ..30©40
Pigeons, pair ...@— 50 Red Heads 40#54
Squabe, per palr.50@60 • Widgeon ......35®—*
Wild Doves, doz.$l 50 Small Ducks - ...25®30
Gray Geese. ea.50@65 -:
¦ MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef: ' •¦ \ Mutton Chopa ¦ . ©15
Choice cuts ..15@20|Pork Chops .... — @15
Do plain 1O012Vj Veal Cutlets ....15©1S
Roast Veal ...12% ©15 Corned Beef .... — ®8
Roast Pork ..12%«il5 Beef Stew 8@10 «
Foreqtr Lamb.— ®12% Mutton Stew ... 5# 8
Hindqtr Lamb.. — @15|Veal Stew ....10@12%
Forcqtr Mutton.. 8@10 Soup Meat fi@10
Leg Mutton .... — ©10 Soup * Bones .... 4@ —
Tndrloin Steak.l2%®15! Hams l. r .® 16
Portrhse Steak. .18ti20 Bacon ........... 15@20
Sirloin Steak. .12%@15i Pork Sausage.. 12Hftl5
Round Steak. .10@12% Chipped Beef . .20®^-
Lamb v Chops . . .15<ft20i Lard . .-.- 12%@—
I FRUITS AND NUTS—"
Alltgtr Pears,ea.2O025 Nutmeg* Melons.ea.5@lO
.Almonds .15@20 Oranges, doz ....30@75
Apples 4@ 8 Peaches, ' lb .'.... 8® 10
Chestnuts, lb ..15@20 Plums . lb ....« 5@.Q \
Cranberries qt..lO315| P#>--- - lb 4@ 8
Cantaloupes, ea.. 10^ 15! Pineapples, each.30^50
Pecans .—020 Pomegranates, dz20@40
Brazil Nuts ....20@— Persimmons, doz. — @40
Bananas, doz ..25@35 Quinces ......... 3@ 5
Cacoanuts. each. — ©10 Raisins, lb .; 10®15
Figs, dried, lb.. 6010 Raspberries, per
Do. fresh, . lb . . 1 5<f j'20 drawer 25@50
Grape Fruit,dz.$l@l 50 Strawberries,
Grapes, lb 3@ 6 . per drawer . .'.25075
Hcklebrries, \\)VW-m\S Walnuts, per lt>.15#20
Lemons, doz . . . .200301 Watermelons, ea.l5@25
, Limes, doz 10@15| -.
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes. doz.30@60 Mushrooms, lb.... 20030
Beets, dozen '...-.10® — Onions, per lb./. — @ 2
Beans, white, lb.' 50 — Okra. dried, lb. .2C0 —
Colored, per lb. 6@ — Do, green, lb.. 8@ —
Dried Lima. lb. 5® 6 Potatoes, per lb.lH'SS
Green Lima .... — @ 8 Parsnips, per dz.15020
Cabbage, each .. 5010 Radishes, dz bch.l.'iirr.'O
Celery, head ... 5@10 Sage, dz bnches,25® —
Creas, dz bunch.150 — String Beans, lb. 3# 5
Cucumbers,- doz.10ffi.15 Summer Squash . .
Garlic .......... 60 8 per lb ..". .— @ 3
Green Peppers.lb. 5@ 8 Sprouts, per- lb..— <@ B
Dried Peppers ..10@20 Spinach per lb. — & 5
Egg Plant, lb... 4@ 6 Sweet PoUtoes.lb— & 2
Green Peas, lb.. 8010 Thyme.' dz bnchs.250."5<>
Green' Corn ....30040; Turnips, per doz. — ©15
Lettuce, per doz. 15S;!0 Tomatoes, lb .... 4® 6
Leeks, dz bnch.l5@20|
fish, per' pound— : * /.¦,>.-::.
Barracouta, lb.10012% Rockcod ...— @15
Carp ......... — ®10 Sea Bass ..i...— <512%
Catflsb — ©12% Smelts ...... '..10@12%
Codflsh — ®12% Seles .......10015
Flounders 100 — Skates each ....10015
Halibut 150— Squid — ®—
Herring 8010 Tomcod 100 —
Mackerel 15J* — Turbot '. 200 —
- Do horse ...12%0— Trout — «75
Rockflsh .-. —012% Whiteflsh 100—
Salmon, fresh.. — ©12% Clams, gallon ..6C# —
Do smoked , . — ®20 Do hardshell, lb 8010
Sardines 8010 Cfrawfish, perlbl2%015
Shad 10® — Crabs each "..;. — & — .
Striped Bass.. 12V4015 Mussels, lb ..;.12%«5>15
Perch .....100 — Oystern. Cal. 1OO.4O05O
Pompino ........60075 Do Eastern, dz.3C<@40
Butter-has been steadily declining at whole- I
sale. during. the past. week, and retail rates are j
lower_ inconsequence. -"Fresh ranch Eggs are I
higher, .while Eastern and storage goods are I
lower.- -: .:;:.- , . ¦-.,-¦¦¦•' ' '
Fainily Retail Market.
as usual on ..Friday,. but. there was a good In
quiry* for Grapes in crates and Apples for ex
port to Honolulu on the steamer Alameda, cut
to-day.--- Apples were in liberal, supply "and
easy.^partlcularlf for common , offerings, which
were steadily accumulating. Some extra fancy
Spltzenbergs from Humboldt were firmly held
at prices ranging from $1 50 to $1 73 per box,
but met. with very slow gale at those figures.
A steamer arrived late In the day from Hum
boldt. with 2400 boxes of assorted stock." and
several cars of Oregon fruit were reported
close at .hand. The ft market- was overloaded
with " poor Quinces. : which bad a • depressing
effect on the sale of good fruit. Figs, arrived
freely and. sold. at a wide range as . to quality
and size of box. .' Otherwise there was nothing
new to report in tree fruits. Grapes .In small
packages stood as previously quoted and the
best t offerings • In crates cleaned up well for
shipping. Large . boxes were weaker for gen
eral offerings, although some well-known
brands were still selling in a small way at
$1 50 per box. Malinda Strawberries were in
increased supply and lower. Citrus and Trop
ical fruits were : moderately • active and un
changed* ,
STRAWBERRIES— $7@10 per chest for
Longworths. $1 50®3 for Mallndas and $2 50^5
for Cheneys.
RASPBERRIES — $4®6 per Chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@Sc per lb.
CRANBERRIES — $2®2 75 per box for Cooa
Bay and $7 50@8 50 fo r Cape Cod. i
APPLES— $1@1 25 for fancy. 65030c for
choice and 30@50c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellis. $1©1 23 per box:
cooking varieties 4C@75c per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50c«$l per box
POMEGRANATES — lUigSOc for small and
$101 75 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 20@40c per box.
FIGS— 35©3Oc for drawers and 75c®$l 25 for
larger packages. • - ' ¦ V .: . -.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 50075c : Nutmeg
Melons/ 25®50c per box; Watermelons. $14;2
per dozen.
;. GRAPES — Table varieties ' 40@S5c for
crates. • 30040c -for small boxes and «0c®$l 25
for open ' boxes, with some , fancy higher.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $3 50*f4 per
box for Valencias; ' Lemons,- $2 50$:i for
fancy. $1 75@2«25 for choice and $1 25@1 so
f of standards: Grape Fruit. $2 50<g3; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50 per, case: Bananas. $2®3
per bunch for Central' Americair and fl©2
for Hawaiian: Pineapples, $1 5iXg3 per dojen.
The I leading futures • ranged as follows :
•• .Articles.--.-- > Open.— -High. Low. ' Close.
Wheat. No. 2— ' ' .. . .
October .... ,..,.111%
December . .... 1 13*i 1 -.13%" 113%' 1'13%
May ........... 1 12%/ 1 12<& ' 1 11% 1 12%
July .;..„. 9S, ;0S -. —97 .07%
-Corn, No. 2— "- -
October ....... .... .... 53 '
December .;.'.. 50 . 50 48% *-' 49%
May 415% -46% . 45Vi 45%
Oats. No. 2—
October . .... " 20%
December .....20%", 20% ''28% '.20%
May ............ SlW r , : 31% '31% .31%
.Mess pork,, per bbl-^ ¦ . > ;¦¦- "-
October ........10 85 10 90 XlO 85 10' 90
January '...'.T.. 12 37% 12 57% 12 37% 12 42%
May ...........12 60 .... 12 55 12 45 12 47%
Lard, .-per 100 lbs — ••->.-/ ¦
October j.... ... .......'. .;.: 7 05
January ... 7 10 1 12% 7 02% 7 05
May ....... 7 17% 7 20 7 15 .'.7 15
Short rib*. Per 100 lbs—
October . 7 15 ; 7" 15 7 15 7 15
January ....... 6 47% 6 50 • • 0 45 : 6 46
May ;.... 6 60 6 «52% 0 57% 6 60
THE SAN, FRANCISCO c CALL, SATURDAY, i OCTOBER 29. 1901:
Continued on Pa^e Fourteen.
. . V Deciduous" and'; Citrus ilHrnlts.
Local'.Uade In tresb* fruits was' rather quiet,
Flour, qr ska... 15,285 Hides." No \*....; v 60S
Wbea.t. ' ctla :¦: . . ,-'¦ 20«(Leather. ; rolls ... , 93
Barley.- cU« .... 1.875J Wool, hales :.'....-¦' 57
Corn {West)." ctla COOfHops 'bales ..... 60
Sugar, ctls ...... 440 Hay, tons. ...".;.* 732
Wine, gals «...: .48.700; Middlings, ska . . - 40
Brandy, gals * . r: •' 750 Bran •". ska - ; . ...¦? - 1.30
Quicksilver.- flsks. 67 «j Onions, ska ..;:. 531
Papery reams V:. 635| Potatoes,- ska rr«/-5,245
LUne.fbbls ...V.. .5461 Beans, sks ...... 8J20
Pelts. *. bdla ;..". ..t\, 45| Shorts.- aks. :..:. ... 27
':.'¦ -> "'. V** V- -¦¦'.¦> «¦» *«\- ¦
Flour, I tjr.,sks."ni9,S49!Flaxseed. 'ska- .v'2,274
Oatsr ctla .....; X 6,060i Groat*.' eks /. . . r. 1,592
Receipts of. Produce. /
FOR; FRIDAY,' OCTOBER '28.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
[AUCTION' SALES
COMING AUCTION SALE"
I lOO Head John Clollins'
AfODOC HORSES
-Fln»»t tot of sound your* work and driving
norses ever brought to San" Franciaco: weight
11C0 to 1500 Dounds.
Also -20 head of FANCY. STYLISH DRIV-
ING and CARRIAGE HORSES. MATCHED
TEAMS. FAST ROADSTERS.
First Sale of tnV
, WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
Every horse wiU be guaranteed to be Just as
represented.
Sale b'egins U a. m.. SAT.. Oct. 20. 1904.
220 VALENCIA STREET.
E. STEWART. Auctioneer.
(Formerly 721 Howard st->
fes fe>' &»,
AUCTION SALE
50 WORK, DRIVING & SADDLE HORSES-^50
Consigned by C. R. FLOURNEY. Yolu Co., Cal.
This is a splendid lot of good, sound, young
horses, weighing from • 1000 to 1400 pounds,
and from i to S y^ars old. Half ot them are
thoroughly broken, the balance broken to
halter. The work stock are close-built blocks
of the French-Canadian style. Several of tha
drivers art: thoroughly broken and will mak«
spl-endtd business hcrses.
Sale takes place at*
FRED H. CHASE & CO.'S SALESYARDS,
1732 MARKET ST., near Van Nes* av».,
S. F., at 8 p. m. .: — -
TUESDAY. NOTEMBEE 1. 1904.
Horses at yard. Sunday. October 30.
-Send for catalogue.
HORD & SMITH. 95 Third St.. Auctioneer*.[¦ FoV that .'drowsy, tired feelins; and loss
or | appetite I there ¦ is r n othtef!" as ; good «a»
'.Lash's. Kidney and Liver. Bitters. •
. Charles '; Helber,*? the r mari s.'who r was
found in his room '\ at ;¦'¦ ' 718 *
street 1 on\the 'I morning I of 2 5
with the gas Jet operi^ died i atfthV' Cen
tral Emergency V Hospital 5 * yesterday
foVen6on. : V - '¦ ; : .¦¦¦¦¦ ' ¦-: .-"Vv, '¦•;:¦¦!
Dies ; From ; Asphyxiation^
A motion to -dissolve ; the j temporary
restraining:. order granted \io\ Goldberg 1 ,
Bowen '& c,Co.^ against the! Stablemen's
Union was denied: yesterday -.by "Judge
Kebbkrd andj the order • will : remain In
force ;,pendlngHhe' decision '.iupori Hhe
order , to f show "cause Vwhy! theilnjunc
tion, prohlbl'tlng % the bunion; from: boy-,
cottlngUhe firm; /should Vnot^beltnade
permanent." ¦ Twehty-flve "' * 'days ? were
given ln\ which:; to^ submit^ the main
case I'bri" brief s., .' " ' .
Restraining "i. Order Holds.
Successes of London and ; New - York
Are Gathered for Popular Local:
Playhouse.
San Franciscans 'will never want for
up-to-date 'comedy if * the
TivoliV Opera-house 'can help it; ",The
¦ best "successes ' of ; London ' and - New
•York will 'soon appear at the popular
showhouse. Charles .W.'! Strlne has
just "made : a : trip East . and brought
back the . finest programme imagln
iiilli I. I'lllfc i^y^iiilllfJiifiMiWifyrf'Mj)!"
: On Monday - "T^ie Messenger Boy"
will be presented. V. This Is the. play
that brought the authors of "The Tor
eador" Into ,"; prominence. ,\ London
liked it and New%York : is still in hys
terics over |it:" VThe; Circus Girl" will
follow "The V Messenger, Boy.": -The
London .Gaiety. held-, this show.forxtwo
years . and; its ; patrons, almost .wept
when it came to the -last week. Daly's
Theater gave it for a whole year.
" >: Following -these I will \ appear "King
Dodo" (for the first .time at popular
prices), ."Robin - Hood." VMaid -Ma->
rlan." the dainty 'and "Foxy iQulHer."
It looks 'as -though ' Strlne f has* done 7 a
'little rustling on 'that trip East: and It
certainly^ looks, good <tor the -Tivoli. .
-One of the; best of- the future events
1 secured- by- Mr. .- Strine Is aiperform-
I ance .of r-Wagner'skVParslfal.'-'fto . be
given/ at the "Grand on
April ¦ 1 0 under the direct management
of Helnrich-Conried. iThe world fam
• ous , Metropolitan "Opera' Company \of
j-250 : members ' will \,present ; . this show.
** the v persuasive ; . elo
• quence, of. Strine 'Conrled will not coiv
sent * to : more *; than a .week's s/ ay in
San S Francisco/ r. Following are mem
"i bers ,of ¦ the Tivoli company who'- will
. the \ new * attractions : Edwin
' Clark, Ben ; Dillon.*;; Henry .Weigand.
j John - Kennedy. $ Mary Young. ;. Carrie
Willard ; Sims and . Teddy
pWebb.: /^SHHapHBBBBBBBnri
TTVOIil SECURES FPfEST
- OF, THE , NEW ' ATTRACJTIONS
HORN ESTATE.— Mary L. Becker, aieter
'of Frank J. Horn, who died October 20, yes
terday petitioned for letters of administration
upon his estate, which Is said to be valued at
(21.500. Of this $11,500 consists of money on
deposit."'' . : -- - ' 1 ¦¦"».-
SEIZED HIS PHOTOS.— Arthur -C. 1 Pills
bury yesterday begun suit' for <1000 damages
and • the . recovery of $2500 worth ¦ of photo
graphic views and photographer's equipment
alleged ' to - have been wrongfully appropriated
by Prentiss * Hurt; - - - : • .
IN TRUST TWENTY YEARS.— A twenty
years .tnut I* created. by the will of Jean
Pierre- Bayle.- which was tiled for probate yes
terday by Charles A. ArtfEues and Edwin O.
Klesrr. Bayle died suddenly at Reno, Nev.,
on October. 21. leaving a.- larre estate, includ-
Jng: a half interest In the. California Fertilizer
Company and. a half interest .in the firm of
Bayle. Xacorte & Co., ' both concerns doing
business at &S4 Clay street. The trustees are
to' keep the estate Intact for twenty years
and divide the rents and profits aming the
three daughters of the - deceased — Nellie Artl
eoee. "Trxna Lacazeand Catherine Bayl*. • :
The most elrirantly appointed hotel and cafe
In Ean Francisco. Room* single and en suite;
M private baths: phone in every room. Hotel
Clarendon. M3 Post St., opp. Olympic Club. •
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham will give her
second and last recital of "Macbeth" at
Lyric Hall this afternoon at 3 o'clock." A
large and fashionable gathering is ex
pected. ¦ •
• As examination ; papers .are shipped
direct from : . the commission . t, to K the
place \ot ; examination vit • is , necessary
that applications" be '. received , in ample
time ¦ to arrange 'for the examination
desired : at .the : place" indicated \by ' the
"applicant. The ¦ commission : ; will,
therefore,- arrange^ to • examine any
plicant. whose ; application . - is > received
in* time to^ permit the shipment of the
necessary "papers. . ¦' .
For irrigation engineer the examin
ation will consist of pactical questions
in irrigation' engineering, drawing, a
thesis; of not less than 1000; words,
training, education and .'experience.
For; drainage engineer the .-examina
tion will consist of practical questions
in drainage . engineering, drawing, - a
thesis of not. less than 1000. words arid
education, training and experience.
Two days will be required for ' this
examination. Age limit," 20 'years tor
over. This examination Is open 'to: all
citizens of the United 5 States who com
ply with the" requirements. . . Appli
cants should ; at ' once ; apply either '; to
the United States .; Civil \ Service'; Com
mission, Washington, D. C, or. to ; the
secretary of . the board * of examiners
at ; the | places mentioned" for .applica
tion form 13 12. - No . application : will
be "accepted unless \ properly ; executed
and . filed with '{; the : at
Washington. In applying for this ex
amination :the;I exact 'title as f given at
the head of this announcement* should
be used in. the application.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces examinations
onNoyember, 22 and 23,-1904, at Fres
no, Los Angeles, Marysville and ; San
Francisco, in California, to secure eli
gibles for the - positions of irrigation
engineer and drainage engineer: in
connection with the irrigation and
drainage investigations in the office " of
experiment stations, Department of
Agriculture. The initial salary will be
$1500 to $2000. per annum, according
to Qualifications. . . '. ; v
Civil Service Commission Announces
November Examinations for. ;
Valuable Positions.
IRRIGATION AND DRAINAGE
ENGINEERS ARE WANTED
-The Olympio Club ; threw wide Us
doors last evening to greet Vice Presi
dent Corral of Mexico and his * party.
The reception,*- thoroughly - informal,
was one In "which genuine pleasure
abounded. Escorted by Colonel Frank
A. Beck, the club rooms were inspected,
then athletics in the ; gymnasium af
forded entertainment. "followed by an
exhibition of expert. swimming, which
created enthusiasm and ' no , little
amusement. The banquet hall, lastly,
provided an opportunity for: speeches
and closer acquaintance. ¦ Judge J. C
B. Hebbard, vice president of the Olym
pic Club, - presided, expressing the
pleasure of the club in having the priv
ilege of honoring the distinguished vis
itors. Vice President Corral responded.
His speech, • interpreted by. his sec
retary, Signor A.' Redo,* was to the ef
fect that: the Vice President .would^
soon revisit' San : Francisco^for. the pur
pose of 'continuing the pleasures he had
so enjoyed during the. week. To this
. Signor Redo "expressed ; his own satis
faction, then ¦ a few * words were heard
from General Shatter ¦ and Lieutenant
Hannigan,: TJ. S. A. During the en
tire evening 'music "was given by the
Hawaiian quintet, who were' kept con
stantly In touch with thV party. ; Those
who were bidden" to this gathering
were: Vice President and Mrs. Corral,
the Misses Corral, Master Corral; Gen
eral and Mrs. Torres. Lieutenant Han
nigan, U. S.' A. ; Lieutenant Cronamin,
U.S.N.; Signor W.YrLoalza,SIgnoT
A.; Redo, Colonel . and Mrs. Frank A.
Beck, General Shatter,-. Miss Welasco,
Dr." Rlvas, Captain. and Mrs. Mix, Mr.
and Mrs. F-> H. Colburn, Judge J. C.
B. Hebbard, Miss Gertrude Gates, Miss
Todd ¦ arid < Frank'. Todd.
Colonel W. L. Pitcher decided yes
terday morning to discontinue the *f
ternoon parades, as he found that the
time of both officers and enlisted men
of the Twenty-eighth -Infantry was be
ing taken up In .. preparation for mov
ing to their new post at Fort Snell
ing.
Major Parker. W. West arrived In
New York on Thursday. '
The case of Lieutenant Granville R.
Fortescue Is still hanging fire. Gen
eral Inspector John P. Wlsser, who la
Investigating the recent actions of the
lieutenant in the matter of a contro
versy with a hackman, has up to the
present | moment j made no . report to
General MacArthur upon his findings.
What the result of the Investigation
will be cannot be foreshadowed. The
case is not considered a serious one.
. Major Cunllff e H. Murray, together
with the officers of the Fourth Cav
alry, paid their formal respects yes
terday morning to General Francis
Moore, the new commander of the De
partment of California. The visiting
officers were in full dress uniform.
After the formal Introductions took
place a pleasant Informal chat en
sued. . ' : ¦
Make Official Visit to
General Moore. . .
Major C H. Murray, and Others
CAVALRY PAYS RESPECTS
TO CO3DIAXDING OFFICER
OLYMPIC GLUB
OFFERS ITS
HOSPITALITY
Unlted^States District Judge de Ha
ven yesterday handed -down an opin
ion "'. fixing the liability of .the. North
Pacific Coast Railroad Company at
$425,' the .. appraised value of the
steamer San Rafael and freight sunk
by colliding with the j steamer Sausa
lito in the bay on November 30, 1901.
The opinion was on the petition , of
the company for a limitation of Its
liability,. as owner of the San.Rafael,'
in -the libel by ' J. ; S. McCue
fof;$300,000 damages for personal in
juries.' . ~
De Haven Fixes • Liability.
Murine cures Eyes. Makes weak Eyes
strong. Doesn't smart; soothes Eye pain.*
. In this Instance the Supervisors have
already, fixed the 'number and salary,
having included in the last budget an
item of &000 for five extra deputies in
the Recorder's office. The budget was
signed ¦ by the Mayor. .
Judge Sloss took the case under sub
mission and his ruling will involve the
manner of appointment of deputies in
all of the county offices.
to audit his September salary warrant
as deputy in the County Recorder's of
fice. Bellemans and four other depu
ties were employed by the Recorder
without having first been recommended
through the Board of Supervisors by
the Mayor in accordance with section
35, article 16, of the charter. Mr. Roche
represented the applicant and "W. H.
Cobb appeared for the Auditor.
On the admitted statement of facts
it was shown that the Auditor had
complied with the provision of the
charter by applying to the Mayor for
the appointment of the^ deputies and
the Mayor had made the required In
vestigation as to their necessity, but
had refused to recommend their ap
pointment. Roche contended that the
charter provision was void because it
empowered a municipal officer to have
authority in the county government.
He also maintained that if this conclu
sion was gocd, section 5 of the same
article would be void, as It provides
that county officers shall make no ap
pointments except as provided In the
charter. With these two provisions
knocked out dependence, would be
placed in the county government's law
and the county officers could appoint
their own deputies after the Super
visors have fixed their number and
compensation.
The constitutionality of two provi
sions of the charter was attacked yes
terday In Judge Sloss* court and if the
points made by Attorney Theo J.
Roche are held to be good, the power of
tfc* Mayor to recommend appointments
for county offices will be abrogated.
. The hearing was upon the application
of Paul Bellemans for a writ of habeas
corpus compelling Auditor Harry Baehr
It was x resolved that the association
meet in convention next year at Port
land, Or, during the Lewis and . Clark
Fair, In connection with the North
western Photographers' Association. It
is understood that during that conven
tion an effort will be made ' to secure
the National Photographers' Associa
tion convention for San Francisco in
1906.
L. D. Hicks interested the convention
with a "Talk on Business Methods."
E. S. Curtis of Seattle was awarded
the bronze statue representing Victory
for the best collection of three. pictures
from outside the State. Among the fa
vored exhibit Is a speaking 'likeness of
President Roosevelt, taken. recently by
Mr. Curtis while at Oyster Bay.
This year's selections for the perma
nent salon. were a portrait by O. H.
Boye and a landscape by O. V. Lange.
The officers elected for the ensuing
year were: Louis Thors, .president; T.
H. Wilton; first vice president; Joseph
Mullender, treasurer; Jacob Fowzer,
secretary; State vice presidents— J. H.
Hogan of Oroville, north; George R.
Butler of Salinas,' central, and W. B.
Franklin of Ocean Beach/ south.
A grand ball was ; given by the asso
ciation in the evening in* the art gal
lery, which was handsomely and bright
ly decorated. During an interval Wil
liam Lussier made negatives of many
of the ladles by the Cooper-Hewitt
mercury vapor light.
The business session, held later, in the
art gallery of the Mechanics' Pavilion,
was largely attended and was presided
over by O. H. Boye, president of the
association. .
The California Photographers' Asso
ciation convention ended yesterday. In
the morning there was a demonstration
of posing and lighting at the studio of
O. H. Boye, when all the prominent op
erators illustrated their respective
methods of working under the '. sky
light. There were also demonstrations
of platinum printing by George Peters
and of the carbon process by T. H. Wil
ton, w.
Deliberations Close With
the Election of Officers
and a Brilliant Ball
Contention That His Power
to Recommend County Ap
pointees Is Not Valid
PHOTOGRAPHERS
END CONTENTION
MAYOR'S RIGHT
NOW DISPUTED
Great hardships in the interest of the
public health are often : inflicted . by; the
medical department ,of - the 1 United
States Immigration Bureau upon aliens
seeking to settle r in " Calif ornlaV "The
bureau yesterday prevented the reunion
of a man with his wife and; caused the
separation of a mother from ; her; son.
T. Harada, a Japanese engaged in the
sale of Oriental "curios in -Los Angeles,
came' to this city to. meet, his wife and
six-year-old son wtio ; '¦" arrived' 1 on the
steamship Doric last Monday. He was
doing a good business and intended liv
ing in California with his family for
the remainder of his days. - But / the
quarantine officials discovered that the
woman .) was suffering, from trachoma,
a contagious disease of the eyes, and
therefore she/ was denied a landing.
The husband' was permitted to take
the boy home with him and the mother
will be sent back to Japan until her
eye disease shall be ) cured, when , she
will be ajlowed to enter this. country.
United States Inspector D. J. Griffiths
and Japanese . Interpreter H: A. S.
Persch filed their report on the matter
yesterday. : ' ,
other Interesting arrivals was
Miss Okamura, a handsome Japanese
lass of . 17 years. She told Inspector
Griffiths that she came to marry^S#lJiro
Shibuyo, editor and manager of - the
Rafu Shinfo, or the Los Angeles Dally
News. Mr. Shibuyo was ' sent for and
denied that he was to be married to
the young lady. He said that she was
a student, belonging to a good family
and ? connected ! with ? his own -socially
and that : she came to this country to
finish - her * studies. \ She'; came In his
care, he added, 1 but he; had :no intention
of marrying her. " As '. the editpr^enjoys
a" good v reputation he was -allowed to
take his 'repudiated' fiancee _to; Los An
geles. " v r
. E. C. Harrison, appointed to appraise
the Inheritance. tax, defended. the cita
tion and yielded to Sutro's contention
for the regular five days' notice.
Judge Coffey stated pointedly :that
Douglas was a "customer of the bank,
and he was succeeded by, the Douglas
estate, iwhlch Is now in this probate
court, and therefore the court' had : the
privileges of the customer. The mat
ter was as . important, he said, to ' th«»
State of California as it was to the
bank, which is a creature of the State.
The $30,000 was due to the State and
would have to be paid or some onV
would suffer. The! Judge intimated
that the' County Treasurer had not
been in a hurry to take the matter up
until the court suggested ! that . : \ the
sum might come out of the Treasurer's
bond. And, too, Judge Coffey. criticized
the fact that neither the State nor the
Treasurer was represented at yester
.day's proceedings, leaving the court in
the nature of a prosecutor. - >
Douglas' estatci consisting of securi
ties, was on deposit at the Wells : Fargo
Bank at the time of his death, and Mr.
King was one of the appraisers ' ap
pointed by the court to fix its value.
He did not act," but the other apprais
ers reported the property to be worth
more than $614,000. This inventory was
withdrawn and Mr. King was named
as one of the reappraisers, , but report
ed, with the others, that no estate had
been submitted to them for appraise
ment. Then it was discovered that the
heirs had caused the .removal" of the
estate to Nevada, ostensibly V for the
purpose' of evading the payment of
$30,000 inheritance tax to the State. of
California. - . .
Mr. Sutro suggested , that the proper
•proceeding would be to send a personal
representative of the State to Nevada
to recover ' the property, or at | least to
cite the persons there interested to
state its value instead of calling upon
the bank for the information.
An interesting half-hour yesterday
afternoon in Judge Coffey's court was
devoted to the return on the citation
for the appearance of President Homer
S. King and Cashier Frederick L. Lip
man of the Wells-Fargo Bank to ex
plain why they refused to give infor
mation regarding the value of the es
tate of J. M. Douglas. : Mr. King was
not in court, but Mr. Lipraan was pres
ent with his attorney, Alfred Sutro,
who opposed the proceedings and suc
ceeded in staying the examination on
the ground that the required five days'
notice had not been given in the cita
tion. Then another citation' was is
sued, returnable next Friday.
Mr. Sutro said that" the matter was
an important one for the bank, which
did not want to divulge the business
uf its depositors; but he said that if the
officials were properly brought into
court they tfould willingly give the de
sired information.
*, Superintendent McLaren acknowl
edged , the receipt of two V handsome
English pheasants, 1 presented 'to' the
park -by President Spreckelsi . . .¦"'>¦¦
. ..On,", the suggestion ' of President
Spreckels | the board adopted a resolu
tion instructing Superintendent 'Mc-
Laren to have .constructed by the park
carpenters » 200 boxes, which shall V^e.
filled with' vari-colored geraniums and
lobelias.. It.is the intention of. the board
to | have these boxes -of plants dis
tributed among the school s for the pur
pose of -adorning the schoolroom win
dows, a practice that ; is very common
in Holland and Germany. The first : of
the . boxes wilL be distributed among the
public s'chools south of Market street.
: | A petition from the members of Fire
Engine Company 29, situated at Bryant
and '.Eleventh streets, • for a number of
plants with which .they desire to .beau
tify- the'ground in -the rear, of the en
gine-house was referred to Superintend
ent McLaren.. . . .
A design for ah inscription to - be
placed above; the ; gate at the Halght
street entrance of Golden Gate : Park,
that .was donated by A. McCavley, was
adopted.' :\ . - x - ¦
There were present President Spreck
els and Commissioners ' Cummlrigs and
Sullivan. The : discussion ] on automo
biles was brought about mainly by: the
case* of Cuyler Lee, who has j>t late
given .: considerable /; annoyance to the
commission through his apparent utter
disregard of certain rules of the ; board.
Lee was before the board for a renewal
of his license. -He ; said he lost i his - li
cense and insisted' that he had ' ad
dressed several letters to the secretary
of the board. asking for a. renewal, but
had failed to : receive a response.
Notwithstanding that he ' had no li
cense, Lee admitted yesterday \ that he
had • been ; riding through g Golden
Gate Park for several months until last
Sunday, when he was placed under ar
rest. It is . not j th& first \ ttnie^ Lee has
been, in trouble;'over his infraction* of
the. park rules, and the Commissioners
were r disposed to withhold his license on
this ground. They, however, I finally
took his case under advisement, but
not. until President Spreckels had given
utterance * to .'some, severe criticism
about the; way many of the San Fran
cisco au tomobllista are openly violating
the rules adopted for the protection of
life, in^the" park. Although "addressing
Lee it was apparent that the president
Intended that, his remarks should be
broad- in their application and act as a
warning to . others who have !been' ig
noring the commission in its plan , to
safeguard the public at large against
accidents In Golden Gate Park Com
missioners Cummings and Sullivan ex
pressed themselves as in accord with
President Spreckels. ,
During the discussion President
Spreckels stated that he had been in
formed by reliable persons that a num
ber? of proprietors of automobiles had
been accumulating park permits" and
giving them." to unlicensed patrons
whenever * the . latter rented . a machine
with a . view of taking a ' ride through
the. park. The. Commissioners decided
that hereafter, applicants for "licenses
will have to ; furnish 'the. secretary ; of
the board .with their photograph, which
will " be attached to" the back of their
permits', as? a * means \ of identification.*
The secretary was instructed to request
the police' to stop. all automobilists en
terlngtthe, park during the next-, thirty
days I and compel V them^. to show 'their
licenses. It, was 'also decreed by the
board that hereafter all applicants for
permits mtist call on the secretary of
the commission for, them.
The Park Commissioners held a meet
ing yesterday afternoon in the offices
of A. B. Spreckels and devoted consid
erable time to a general discussion' of
new rules for. the governing of auto
mobilists within the confines of the
pleasure resort. ¦
Board- Devises a Plan for
Adorning the Windows of
Classrooms with Plants
Pretty Miss Okamura Is
Spurned by the Man She
; Claims as Her- Betrothed
Wells-Fargo Management to
Disclose Value of Large
% Estate" Moved to Nevada
EDITOR WILL NOT WED
FLOWEKS POR SCHOOLS
ABE,- "GIVEN: MOKE TIME
Park Commissioners Deter^
mined That Chauffeurs
Shall Kespect the Laws
iness of Deceased Deposi
itor in Probate C«urt
Not Anxious to Divulge Bus-
Mrs. Harada ]^ot: Permitted
to Land From Doric and
Must : Eetum to Japan
RIGID RULES
FOR AUTO CARS
BANK OFFICIALS
OPPOSE ORDER
WIFE CANNOT
JOIN HUSBAND
THE; SA!i FRANGISGOf (EALI^ SATURDAY^JOGTORER 29; 190*.
16
millirtery to-day, ushered in by
, [ A Bi?^New Lot Untrimmpd v
Hats for Children^ 65c
And we will trim them free if you iwill buy the- trimmings, here.
and $15.00. Every price an underprice. And trixamiagn, rrom quuis at lc
tCT beautiful ; losr Oitrlob Plum e« at $3^5.
But it's children's hats first. . ;
Besides the uritrimmed shapes at 65c, new read-to-wears to
:the1fr^^:;soc;;95c;.$i.35:and $1.50 that^fit:and look well on
little women/of, 3. to; 16 years.
'¦ \ It ftn't a hastily planned occasion, but; a , Hale event - - thonsht out and
worked ahead to with all the carefulness and thoroughness that Is cuatoni-
arv in this bie Hale millinery business. We aren t going 1 into detail her?.
Deuhsare ih?the Hto™ and fwe are glad to have you come ag £_V We
. have set Saturday aside, so you would have plenty of time • to come and
bring the little girl with you. . .'. -. -_J :¦ . , ¦,•'
A Stockihg Opportunity
q- 0 Buy^for the -Whole Family and Save '
Children's 20c stockings at I2^c. Women's 15c stockings
at I2^c, Women's wool, stockings at 19c. Regular 50c lace
-Th« «torv doesn't stop here. It's an opportunity that means more
-n^.ti *«« m± lSUo— Fast 85o Wool Stociinar* »t 19o— Fast black
bllck, with unbleached soles and
: ¦JSfced^eria- sizes 8 to 10. Fast black, seamless heavy fall
New Chiffon Veils This 10c Curtain Swiss
• at - 25c ¦• To-Pay. • at 7y*c Yard
-^Tt,WVi. 1%'vards lone Lone Opens an opportunity for econ-
1 1 *vT y "lvW rfraoes ¦" omy that is filled with susrjf estions
enough for those pretty hat drapes. ; fo / u thin s to beauti { y thc
They will be serviceable as can be h6m £ (Chri s tmas ts> too .)
during the cold, windy weather. Dainty curtains, bed sets, bureau
They're In the new shades of sets, covering for the bird cage.
-'royal blue and white, brown with bolster roll or cushion tops. There
white white with black, and all Is scarcely a .corner In the house
»£{?»'- netted with small chenille that won't reveal some lack curtain
ami Targe velvet dots on the bor- swiss prettily worked will nil to
d6 H«M ax* «ome fancy Tuxedo Veil* Here are 2 cases of it, 35 laches
—Prett^dotted T borders, black or wide, dotted; we'll sell. on the seo-
bTack and white, ltf yards long. V ond floor to-day at 7Ho Instead of
; lMM$S&MMZ To-Day~O^m Drops
an should be glad to share to-day. Prop to 9c lb.
¦^s.- l |Bf r 'jy *3B^ ~&vX to-day is candy day. Always
Be itf^^^gS something unusual at Hale's. Be-
JJ&J& &&&<&& 4&^ <*}£$& sides gum drops at oc lb.. fresh
'¦• Mf "-^^^ '^ F \ a°d pnre and good, are
*mu ITf if r"- s<rft Cream Almond! at 2Sc lb. — Resu-
_ _ larly 35c lb. It's good news. It has
Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F. to be or It wonidrft be printed.
<£ ADVKRTISEarENTS. /
Ghirardellfs
Ground Chocolate
fthe entire nutritive value vof the
richest cocoa beans with a deli-
cious flavor peculiarly its own.
Imitations lack its richness,
smoothness and uniform excellence
-"'¦*• .- • • . .. - - -
Insist uf>on the /genuine .* D. Ghirardelli.< Ground-
Chocolate, packed in kermeticallySsealed^cam—ifsittiej
kind you have always used. Beware of r imitations <
ADVEKT1SEMENTS. ' V T
, THE OLD RELIABLE
BAY CITY
MARKET
Established : i87S-
1132-38 Market StV, Turk St.>
NO PHONE' ORDERS ".TAKEN . ON SPECIAL
' - ;"" 8ALE ? AYS> ¦ :> -' ; --
By buying in iarge .quantities and j
paying cash we -/are prepared to* sup- ;
ply the choicest meats; at lower prices j
than. ariy ; : other, market in the city./;.!
iSF»EGI#L SALE!
Every Saturday. ;
'PRICES; FOR TO-DAY:
SATURDAY SPECIALS^
PRIME RIB I ROAST lHlZ>*
/ BEE_F/^per % lb ¦;...... v^I^/2C
CHOICE ROAST BEEF.v per Q -
: -lb.-. ;¦* .v.V r . ;-;T;:vvlOe and i ? : .OC
FORE-QUARTERS 1 : SPRING ': V-^f £
V^LAMB^pet lb. .:v. . h .v. > • y »lC
HIND-QUARTERS SPRING 1 1|%^%
'LAMB, per ;lbr. ... . ?.. . . /. IUC
RO ASTH PORK (Corn Fed)'^ \'oS
// per^lbr .;.^ ....- \..l v ••...;/•/ \?ff : \
CORNED BEEF/ (the : Best),
. Vr : .V^V. . ,W. :.V.-; . ,OC
: i Free delivery tol all parts of the'eity.
HA R'li ES^SX I V. IiM'A N :
'. "<]¦ : //^ Bay 'Oitar 5 Market; ¦/'/:•" : .
/•¦>"•¦•¦'-.::.-'^Telephone Bontli'397. ¦ ¦ ..
¦ Is • thej place .where z you ' can ; find • the . choicest
not "creamery ;butter.'[i;>:.*^ r '-'»'-;, .';•:>/¦.'. ;/'¦¦-.¦; .- -.--•,
OBOZCS CREAMSBT BTTTTEB— Special
. .to-aay rrtvrr.T. 8 ; ¦anaxes | f ori75c
I CHOICEST Or EGGS — Oood. t reth Etrar* '
* vl at rrm^rrf -.Tr.-r"^t--.-rrr.3Oc £ doian
\& Choicest « CaIUprnla;\^ Eastern. Swtss m and ,
I . Li mburger. Cheese, r. Pure Maple Sugar
1 Fine Hats Free I
ffE\ J h Just to start thc fall trade booming, we ffti
have decided to give away to-day (Satur-
1§ day) with every suit ordered a fine- Hat r- ||
|* Derby o* Fedora shape. These hats are p|
m .' absolutely free to men ordering suits. |3
|d They cannot be duplicated at a hat store 11
YfEj Our new fall woolens have arrived. \EaT3
All the latest patterns and color effects
1 1 are represented in the line. You are sure H. ,
pa of a stylish, well-fitting, handsome suit if W
p.3 • it is Tna4r here. Come in and investigate. ||j
f J. SMITH taTor f
I 773 MARKET ST., I
r^ Between Third and Fourth. . M
¦ ¦_, MARKS BROS. f '¦
EXTRA INDUCEMENTS
FOR
SATURDAY SHOPPERS
25c CHIFFON PUFFS IOC
, . ( ---. •'¦ - *
",'¦¦¦ PUFF - like '. cut COMES in all the
' DAINTY SHADES of the season. Take a
FRIENDLY.. BIT ot advice and don't miss
THISSALE.. . ¦ ¦:--..--. •-.
PADC Pni I ABC VKNETIAN I/XCE,
WKt ; UULLAHb CAPE CoUar8 . th. 75c
. Off A : kind. ."TO-DAY'S 8PE-
CIAI. PRICE, 25<j; "¦-
FANCY HOsFh - wom e n vs. fancy,"
r.MnU I »U |}t H COLORED HOSE;'a joodl
O/l A - : I BOc Rvalue. \; Our/ «fpeclal
r' : 7*i~^*: ¥¦ PRICE, to-day. 24c.
TAFFETA RIBBON II heavy taffeta
lllr > rl V 11 n|UUgll n WASH RIBBON/ 4
." u g\ _ - . H s inches v.Vlde — Sells
1 1 I f* elsewhere for 20o— to-
'yv , | day'a price. 10c'
"¦¦ FLANNEL • WAIST^ like ' cut , eoniei : In !
< RED, BLACK ' • and , ; NAVY — EMBROI-1
DERED FRONT AND STOCK— An excep- -
tlonally -neat 'and, STYLISH :\VAIST for
?1.30. ... ¦:.'..''.. .::,;.. •.. . ¦•-,:.-. ';2z*iCn£
A" SERVICE* A B L E '
' ¦' - ;LOT*OF* WAISTS In'
CREPE WAISTS - LiaHT blue- gray/,
Untrt TIHIOI 0 BLACK and WHITE.'
>v» i TUCKED F R O N T—
: -- ; M C\ |* ' i —trimmed - In ; PEARL
*JvlV BUTTONS. :.-•• A^ iKOod'
. ,. .; |1.45 /VALUE; to-day" a ;
.,->¦ ;*,', ¦ special ; price,* 95c. ;• :J
[Send in [your harm i and we'll mail FREE
; Our; Fall and WinterJ Mail Order' Book.-
s The Home of] MonestWa/ujiiM
-122011224 iMARKETitSTREETr
IRESH
MOSS
COUCH
BALSAM
PRE3C3UBED BTTHB B29T
PHTS1CIANS rOR
Ocnithm,' - , Golds, XoatMatu, Bnm-
¦ cliitla. Croup la . CliU4i*a, and
' _ AU Tlroat aad Lor Tron>l«g
Try » bottle to-day; don't wait till the
doctor says "OOVBTniTTXOV."
ase; soo at axl ssvaaiaTS
CUBES IN A DAY
SOME SUCCESSFUL I
CALIFORNIA WOMEN
"A'^. Unique Japanese 'Tramway- •
California's : Newest , Oil Fields.
Japan's; » Military
Landmarks and a fine selec- ;
tion of: Fiction .and Descrio-'
tive Articles of great interest,.
beautifully -illustrated.
in the ,
GREAT WESTERN MAGAZINE
OverlandMonttiiy
FOR NOVEMBER. •
\ -\ ALL NEWS; STANDS. I
'MAUYAI8 MUSIC M.
: ST.. OPP. MASOM.
; Send for Catalogue* of Mmlft. .-