could,hbt:tell;which. . Aslliough'accJ- j
i.dentally rshe swept , her- skirts frc-m- a,:
chaji* close drawn 'to her own. Sir. 1
Johii. hesitated. V She was marvelously
pretty, but- he : was !riot •' quite : sure— -"'
yet— that itl.wds advisable for 'him. to
sit'with her^ in, soj public- a> place. .His ¦
inclinations "-prbtnpt«d'.3iim niost-ue- •
cldedjy to take'-the vacant chair. Pru
dence, r.emin'dedv 'him'vtltat.-" he -.was^u
county magistrate ,xiiid' Parliamentary
candidate '.for.- a -sdmewhat difficult
borough, .-where ¦ his sup
porters* were* dissenters = of, strict 1 prin
ciples, who \t ook' a i zealous interest in •
his -:inoral ,\character.' : ," Prudence re
minded."h'ini''also-^asVan':afterthdu^ht"
"^that , the , things" which are* tdld of^ a"
man- in 'thls-cityrpf
always*' believe^.'- % 'Sir .- Jotin^ftem^o'r^
izeti;«an^i the -girl .raised .her eyes once;
'more'to.'his.'-' /.'/:-¦- Vv 1^ ¦ :> .*'->. -j
*V\'' You Jarei the | Sir.) 1 JoHni'Ferrin^hali;
wjio has' bough tithe^Ijyridmore" estate;
are 5 you ..'. ript ?" g shep reniarked.'.'V '.'My
father'&r^ sisters. v'used".-- once; rtoi'- -live'
in ". the^old-manor iiovL se. ».. I^belleye^yOu
have" ' had : it'j piiUed' down,-! have> you
riot?!'-":'--. 5-; ?',-'>¦- :'-'- '- .'¦ : ""¦-¦ ¦;: ¦'.' •""•¦•.. " '¦
¦j- "The- -Misses -. Pelllssler!" .he r ex-'
claimed:"?"- ','Then-: your fname* \ v. v.
f ¦¦ "My.- name' Is' pelllssler.-. • My .-ifatliei*.
was ; : Colonel -:, Pellissier.> , ": He ; haa .-an, 1 .
appointment^ in' -"Jersey," it you ,-knoiy,":
afier.^ he Heft : , the? army.'? V: .-: ;
'~:Sir."John.;'did':;riot' ( hesitate -iany
loriger.H^He.fsat {down:?' >*. I :v,, • ¦¦ ;. -t
, f word.V^he •: exclaimed,*
''this is imost i e3rtraordinary.' ) .-3It *' - -.',
-''Then JheJ stoppesl for v hef be- >
gShfto»ren»iM*ep' thlrigs.^He* was ¦ not ,'
ness. He, too, looked at the girl, slack
ened his pace and looked at her again
through his eye-glasses, looked crver his
shoulder after the had passed, and fin
ally came to a dead stop. He scratched
his upper lip reflectively.;
It was a habit of his to talk to him
self. In the present case it -did . not
matter, as there was no one else with
in earshot. •
"Dear me!" he. cald. "Dear me! . I
wonder what I ought to do. \She ;is
English! . 2 am sure of that. ¦- Shells
English ¦ and apparently in some dis
tress. - I wonder "
He turned slowly rouud. He was in- -
cllned to be a, good-natured perso'n, and
he had.no nervous fears of ¦; receiving-,
a Bnub. :> The' girl was pretty,- arid 'ap
parently ¦ a.: lady. . _ ,) ¦ '-'-;;
"She cannot be '. aware,", he •contin
ued,* "that '-she is '.'makin'g / --'lferself f-c&n-,
"spicuous. > It would surely be only com
mon politeness to drop -her a hirif— a
fellow-countrywoman, too. ." I trust that
she will not misunderatand me. I* be-
Ji e ve-^ -I^ believe < that xriu^t .risk; it." ...
. He > stood before '-. her," his- hat in his '
hand, his head bent, his voice lowered
lo 1 a,, convenient pitch. /
"I -beg your ' pardon,'* he * said, "but.
you *a,r ">ear;. to • "be -¦ a - fellow -country-"'
woman '¦ of mine." ; and ,*.« ! some distress. .,-
Can('I%be o£»any assistance ?., I can; as- r 4
sure 3«3U that, it t would -give;- me: much .
pleasure." J-'j&PSQ '•'-" ' '- : r ~ i'*
Her tlrstiAipward ' glance >was' one of '
terrified apprehension. -,Wh'en she;saw;
however, "tnjat this man* was a'stranger,- ¦
and obvidusly harmless, r . her "expres- r
sion changed as ,- though by. magic". A- -"
"May I ask." he said, '.'if you have
quarreled with your sister?"
She shook her bead.
' "No," she answered. "I hava- not
Quarreled with her. It is simply our
point of view which Is altogether dif
ferent. I want to get away — ta go to
London. I cannot explain beyond
that." .
"Then I am sure," Sir John declared,
/•that I shall not ask you. I know
nothing about the matter, but I feel
convinced that you are right. You
ought to have had better advice two
years ago. Pari3 i3 not the place for
two young girls. I presume that you
have bej|n living alone?"
" She sflihed gently.
"My sister," she murmured. **is so in
dependent. She is Bohemian to the
finger-tips. She makes me feel ter
ribly old-fashioned."
Sir John smiled and congratulated
himself upon hla insight. He was so
seldom wrong.
"The nerrt question. Miss Anna," he
¦aid. "is how, am I to help you? I am
wholly at your disposal."
She looked up at hJm quickly. Her
expression was a little changed, less
innocent, more discerning.
"A'nna!" she repeated. "How do you
know — why do you think that my name
la Anna?"
lie smiled In a quietly superior way.
"I think." ho said, "that I am right.
I am very good at guessing naines."
"I am really curious." she persisted.
"You must have heard — have you— «h,
tell me, won't you?" she begged. "Have
you heard. tnlng3?"
The itears "stood In h<»r ej r es. ' Sfce
leaned a little- toward him. Nothing
but tbe publicity of -the- place and ths
recollection of that terrible constitu
ency, kept him from, attempting some
perfectly respectful but unmistakable
evidence of. his sympathy.
*'I ani afraid." he said gravely, "that
«yow-:tlst«jyl»a»«be8i» * Httle-inalscreet. =
'.It; is 1 nothing^t^all . for. .you .to worry
-about.*'.--'' . . -'e*$L*&
' 'She looked Away froth him. .: ; -V
.-••Ifknovy." shVsald, tn a low despair
inprtorie,' *that"pebple "woiild tani.** "
He coushed svntly.
"It was inevitiiblo,'* he declared. !'lt
Is not..ci course,. a, pleasant, subject of
for you. or, jfor me,"' yet v I
think I may venture to suggest to yuu
that your sister's— er— Indiscretions—
huvG reached a point which make3 a
separation between you almost a neces
sity." . .
She covered her face with her hands.
. "It— it— must como." she faltered.
"I <It> not lay t'^aini," he continued.
"to any remarkable amount of Insight.
but it is possible/is it not, that I have
'stumbled upon your pre^nt cause of
- distress?"
"You are -wonderful!" she mur
mured.
! He smiled complacently.
'•Not at all. This i3 simply a chapter
of, coincidences. Nov/ what I want you
to feel I? this. I want you to feel that
you have found a friend who has a
strong desire to be of service to you.
Treat me as an elder, brother. If you
like. lie is here by your side. How
can ho help you?"
She taiew such a look upon him that
even he, Sir John Ferrlnghall, carpet
merchant; hide-bound Englishman,
slow-witted/ pompous, deliberate, felt
bis heart beat to music. Perhaps the
Parisian atmosphere. had affected him.
lie leaned toward her, laid his . hand
tenderly upon hers. 'For the first time
elnce he had sat in that chair he utterly
and entirely forgot that he wras anew
fledged country magistrate and Par
liamentary candidate. for; the borough
of Tunbriuse Wells.
.-"I hope rou realise," he went on. In
a lower and less assured tone, "that I
am in earnest— very much in earnest.
You must let me do whatever I can for
you. I shall count it a privilege."
"I believe you," she murmnre<i,, "I
trust -yju altogether. . I am.' going to
t ike. ycTu. entirely! at yourword. I'.want
tuieavo Paris to-day. Will xou* lend
me ' the 'mouey for my ticket- to-Lon
" VVith all tbe .pleasure In the world."
b> ar sH-Snred • heartily, i "Let j nl^.add.
tooi that I am thankful foe yonr: de
cision. You have somewhere Ito^co to
in London. I hope?" . '\}^ * : 'C' f - :
She nodded. \^I'^».
"There is my aunt." she said-* -Tbs
one who used to ."live at tyndmore.
She v. in take me in until I-can mak«
some plans. It will be horribly > dull,
and- she is a very trying person. r But
anything is better "than, this: 1 ; •";-
He took out his watch. - * ; -¦
-Iiet me see." he said. "Your best
route will be via Boulogne-andWoTke
stone at 9 o'clock from the/ Gare.du
Nord. T4Tiat about your luggage? *
"I could get a few of my things,; at
any rate," she said. "My sister Is -sure
to b** out."
y . "Very, .heiMld.. • "It .Is -Just- «
1 . o'clock . ", now. '. : .Supposinr . you . v fetch
- what ,yW can,'- a&d- If you; rdU^allow
. me,' I, will see, you .©«.;; It .would ? Kiye
• me 'great • pleasure ' If yoti would t dine
¦with me somewhere .flr s t-*V- _v' - ...
k She looked at him wistfully. »«J- < £* t £
some unwilltag douUiinher^rrinkled
-forehead." It.wa«:excejlently.done..-.es
pecially;.as. she . loved good^dlratM. ,.
- ' -¦ very bind, .to'thlnk* of- It."
r'sh«.safd. ' 'Tjut-donTt. yon'- think' per?
haps^thatl had better •not??';
" V He smiled, indulgently* - 'A> - r
; "Myj dear . child,? he ' said, Vwith me
you' need have no apprehensio».VI am
I almost .old*. enough •tot^ftyotn* «atl»p.?
'.She looked at hfjn with UpUfted eye-
X brows— a" look of whimsical' incredulity.
?Slr John felt that after all <5£wras not
.so very; old., .. " v^"» 'L
* " "That sounds -. quite- . absurd.? * the
"answered.^ "Yetit Jsrmy.laiteyenlBg.
and f l think-lf'you-ate.Bure th*t^TOtt
would 'like to have me— that- r win -rtak
it.*' •- • ' ' •• •--¦ • -••-« ¦¦ ¦ -¦¦¦¦
"W« will go to * r«iy «ul«t pUo^"
you: will consider me your friena."
>-She looked at- him' with .fluttering
ej-elids— sweetly grateful. It was such
an--unexpected stroke of fortune. Sir
John was not used to such glances and
• he v liked them. - .- . V. ; -
'"''•it'.is so 'difflculti*.* she murmured, "bo
impossible to explain." Even to my own
brother— if I had one^-I could not" tell
everything:. : and you, although you are
so -kind, you are "almost "a stranger,
aren't you?"
¦ : "NoV : no," "he protested. "You "must
not think of me as one.' Tr^ and, con
siderrme-your'older:bother, or an old*
family "friend, whichever "you- like" the
best.'i.V- -.-.,•'• -." •''-.' : y \-'- ¦ '• ' -'- •• '
i "She thanked him, with, one .of her, shy
'little- glances. 'v-More than^ever Sir John:
wis ' glad" that ;he\ had sat, down. .'. . ; '»
,: "it< Is very. : «verjr .difflcult." . she con
itinued.. looking^, steadfastly at.--thej
ground. "Only— I "have -come face "to
f aifi-^with •:" terrible, ' -^an ,
wlibn'y-'uhexpected'' trouble.'; - I *to^
lea,ve • Paris .to-day-^this; very 'day. .'I'
want to leave "it: forever.". •; * '• .'
c,He ¦ lookcdVat : her very gravely. ;
¦ "But • your> sister ?" he asked- :"What
of ber?" V,:.^".^}'-'^. ¦•=.*?•' •'."-'•'..¦•¦¦¦"¦• '•¦':.
fThe,-' "girl Shuddered— at - - least ; i if.. !t
were 1 not a' shudder itrwas*a-4very good ,
¦ imitation.utShe; kept her eyes; fixed - on
the. ground. "She - spoke ; slowly./- She*
was thlnkingiout, her, way all; the time.
>!"I,,wish to; ieaye'my sisteriV We^can
notlagree:: It is' not: possible for,: us' to'
1 i y e V toge th?P/ : any. • longer. .% I ...want ' to
»get;awa^Kfi*bn}\this hatefur.city and' if ¦
r I "can— to : forget^' f : c*. • t • , ,-.-'-.
s •"* Siri John began". to : see . daylight. '
delicate flush of color streamed into her
cheeks: v Her eyes fell, and. then sought
his again with timid interest... Her nat
ural . instincts reasserted .themselves.
She Jpegan to act. [ ¦¦[.'. ¦¦ \
"You aie very kind,", she said hesi
tatingly, "but I don't' remember— I
don't think that I i kno w.you, i do .1 ?"
." "I ; am 'afraid that you do not." he
admitted, - with j a 'i smile - which he
meant to be encourasing., "You re
mind mo. of the stoi-y which they tell
Bgxiinst ,us over, \ here, -^ you know-: — of
tho Englishman-; who >ef used.- to be
saved from drowning ,hQ was
not acquainted with his rescuer. -Per
mifme to introduce .myself.: My name
is^Ferringball^Slr'JOhnNFerringhaJ'/'
<^There .wats' genuihe ; Interest^ in her
eyes now. - - Sir • John-saw; it; -and, waa
flattered." ;'.%, : 'U'r.'i- >";/>%" : ' -^r . '.'•&{?,
> "You are- Sir-John Ferringhall,"'she
repeated. ;""Yes, 'I, remefnb"er you nowi
You were' pointed out to me at — a few
nights, ago.". . :¦'¦-'¦ /• ; >7'
• -iHe- was'jiot- in-.the least • surprise^..
Al . .mUlionaire S and.:> a'vknjght,', "even
though his money- has-been ; made -in
carpets, is used to being a. person, of
interest.-:--. •¦¦ ¦¦¦¦'.- ¦ iv'- ''-•"" : - -v:"v'->r
\ "Very likely," he answered. '-"I am
fairly well known here. \-r*must 'apolo r '
gize, I "suppose^; for , speaking' to; you/
but ;¦ your ' appearance certainly indi
cated : that' you •were.,'in ) spme ' so'rtiof.
trouble I and I you'i were vbecomlrig-^par
don '.} nie-p-an ' object^ of -comment I' to
the -passers-by."./ ; s " "; ; ¦'^i'!*v: i ¦ ¦ .^ v > v
•» 'i The 1 girl • sat ' up and I looked '* at "ihlm
with ; a. curious • twist the -corners 'of
her mouth— humorous • or ;pEtthetlc, he
iV V 'Come,"-; he ;, continued;^ "the • • .world . r
after ajl;is a' very'small pl«'ce.,;.We are. ;
hbt'jattogether ¦; strangers, j!SjreH we? \\L^
feelf tbat r undec Vthe ,- clrctim'stances^I^
ha^a* ttte^rlght jtb*^Jffer',y6u- my- advice;
and, 1 if i necessary,^ my help. A I " beg : that"
quite: sure whether, -after all/.he 'had. .
been'wis.e.\- : He : wouki .have -risen again
• but-' for; -the.' significance : of :the;actionv
. *:"Dear.^me! -'^he'-" said.*"'-. *'Tiien some •:;
of 'youKfamily KjsloryJ.is known, to me.
One .of -your^ auiKts died,-. I-- t believe,; and •
the '.. other r.e*ruov£d to 'London.'/ •:: .
•:.The;girl npdd«4- '• " • V ¦' ''¦""' . ir
.. "She*' is' living'^ (there now, M - she re
marked.'--"^ ;« v>; ¦ 'i'i'i'-LvV. VI: v :
, "Your. 'father .ia- dead, 'ioo,\ : < I • be
lieve;'* /' he '¦ .continued/ ,^''and-' -your
imothar-'J. . f [¦ ¦ .", V- X- •. - *< <;V-,> * ; • ¦
\ I'Two . > y<?arg i ago," , she
VThey^died%within -a-.few'.mcihths of 
' t'vyery-' sad— yieryj sod^'-indeed,'.'.. be re—
'•jparked'une.asiiy.i";"!- -vejhen\ber. hear-' ,
arisVsonjething ?tbi>u{.':IU*.- 1, bjelleve>that-."
that'* you -arid'
t your 'sisfei*' had v coni'e.tp Parls;to study- .
'painting*"* :; : C "> "»'..' '..''" :'-'r'^-i" 'I'-'
vlShi&f absented^gentlj*.'. •..-':-<;; -V. . •;¦; '-¦.
-*•" Weha,ve*a'i[maU".Gtudio,"',she mur- >'
. l m'UreiJ^Mn,ithe Jf^ue ¦ deiSt.-.iP,«rre."..vi i :t:V<
l,>'SirrJoHn rf !q6ked^at. her* sideways.;. Her
eyes; were'.flxed: uponrth'es'ground/. the ;
,'pJnk;iolQr" ; cominJs,iand:"gbingJin her
• cheeks "v was' very -delicate sand, girlish.
¦ Afterj all. -ttilarriould/neverjbe; the.blaek '
1 sheep. r He .liad^beenljquitef right \ to sit ¦;
J ddwn. : *^It ,was;astbn{sl;lngTih : o\v :seldorn; ;
If. was. that diis> instincts* betrayed him. ; .
'He^.breathed ..Vi little -si.Sh iof :• satisfac- ;.
•tlbn.-" ¦.'._'*••< v vr> :'7*Ti-.;- > ";'-~ ''¦ ; \ : , ""¦•',-xVi
:¦ . .:>risbt 100J. by I/ttlc. Biuwn &. Co.]
CHAP1EU I.
Tlie Cr.rj.ct-Ivjds'it and the Lady.
( I* HV. rnl pacsed and steadied her
i&'.: for a. moment against a
field sate. Her breath come in
chert, convulsive tubs. Her
dainty tihocs werfej •oiled wii'n
'k... Thvit- \.«±s a. great ." rent in the
i«..c\. of het petticoats, gathered hi^h uu
v..l!i aer rausibi *-k!rt, aad ehlicbed in
U:t uu&v:i> oi her left hand. Very
s.c-. ?>, \cr; -taKutlt-. she turned her
tend. lit/ i-ht-el;s were the colur of
tl.ajji, her .. ;--t-v v - .Tf- nlK:d with terror.
U a rartvere cuitiir.g, or thvse laborers
in ihe lie !d bad heard, escape v. : as iro
poesfUie. :?!!<¦• ruust return then, and
luce liii^ if -rrjblt thing. Jt any one had
fcv'tn— or heard — or wore coining now
~»;od luij* her!
TSio t« mr tuicii from her eyes. A
faint gleam of rt turairg color gave
her at once a more natural appearance.
F<i f^r s.:i the eye eoi:id r^ach. the
¦white level road, with its fringe of tin:
trees, was empty. Away off la the fields
the blue peasants beat still 'at
their toil. They had heard nothing. .
Boon nothing. A few, moro minutea
ar.fi sh" wiui safe.
Yet before ehe turned once more to
T( surc-j her night she schooled herself
with an effort to look where it had
happened. A dark mass of wreckage,
over which hung a slight mist of vapor,
lay half in the ditch, half across the
hedge, close under a tree from the
trunk of which the bark had been torn
and stripped. A few yards further off
something gray, inert, was lying, a
huddled up heap ol humanity twists
into a strange unnatural shape. Again
the chalky pallor spread even to her
lips, her eyes became lit with the old
1 error. , She withdrew her head with a
little moan, and" resumed her flight,
/.way up on the hillside was the little
country railway fcOi«:un. She fixed her
ryes upon it and ran, keeping always
fls far as possible in the shadow of
i.h(> hedge, gazing fearfully every n<»\v
find then down along the valley for
the white caiofce of the train.
tfhe reached the station, and mingling
Ti;h a crowd' of excursionists who had
<ome from the river on the other .sid'.\
look her place in tho train unnolitred.
Slic leaned back in her seat and clo::ed
her eyes. Upiil tho last moment *he
was afraid. TCot until the fields were
flying past her. and the speed of the
train increased every t::oint-nt, did she
dare to tell herself that she had es
caped. It was marvelous fortune!
Arrived in Paris she remembered that
*h* had not the money for a fiacre.
fche was in 111 trim for walking, but
fcomebow or other the made her way as
far as the Champs Hlysfce.«, and sank
d"v.n upon an empty seat.
Sh<i had not" at fln»l the power for
concealment. Her nerves were shat
tered, her senses dazed by this unex
pected shock. Bh« tat there, a. mark for
boulevardier*. -the unconscious object
cf numberless •wonderlriffglaoces.'Paris
¦^as full, and it vas byfao means a
retired tpot winch the had found.
Tet the bpver once thought of
r hanging M. s A person of
f-omewhat artificial graces and manner
isms, the was-fononce in her life per
fectly natural. Terror, had laid a par
alyzing hand- up<in her. fear kept her
almost unconscious of the eurious
fiances which the was continually at
tracting. She forgot to pose, forgot
to assume one of those studied but
graceful little attitudes which showed
off her lithe.. piquant figure to its best
possible advantage. She sat huddled
up. for once genuinely regardless of ef
fect, panic-stricken as though with fear
r>f some imminent. daog»r. Every now
find then the lootted along the boule
vard down toward the station. How
much further she-could see, what 1 man*
?:er of grisly picture it was which even
row haunted her. who can tell!
pt such moments her eyes were in
drawn with terror, her fingers clasped
frantically theeides of her chair. But
though many people stared and whis
pered remarks loud . enough to reach
her ear. no oi:e accosted her. $^or
half en hour or more she sat- there
undisturbed. ['i . . >
Then there came; briskly along th'e
path toward her. an'. Englishman. v He
was perhaps f orty-fiye * y ears of age.
He -was dressed with^ the* utmost care,
and he set his-; feet upon the broad
walk as though the v action . were • in
some way a condescension. "He. waa
alert, wcll-growned. and yet— perhaps
In contrast with- the more volatile
French type — there -'was a suggestion
of weight about hini. not' to" say heavi-
HIS is the first Install
'f mm t of one of the dever-
I4 m \ est no\cls of the summer,
y j "Anna the Adventuress,"
by i:. Phillips Oppen
beini. a story of quick,
lively action, written by nn
experienced novelist. Tiie pica
deals with the complications
Uiat result 10 two sisters,
very similar in fare and form,
one of whom, a girl of pure and
lofty ideals, unselfishly shoul
ders tbe blame and lives under
the sii^ma of the escapades of
licr notorious sister. The lave
interest is especially strons aud
is admirably sustained. But the
book will }>pcak fcr itself.
Tlie Sunday Call desires ajjain
to cail atitTJlfon to the un
<-\amp!ed feature tfaat is here
presented, a book belling at the
bookstores for 51 50. jrlvca in
four installments of 5 cents*
each.
The Sunday Call Magazine.
ANNA THE ADVENTURLESS"This." he exclaimed, ''must be "either
the Indifference of an : utterly callous
nature, or. It may be — yegods.l It may
be— innocence. Holcroft,' we may have
been mistaken."
greeted you in pained silence. We had
not then recovered from the shock.
Our ideal has fallen. . ¦ A sense of loss
was among us. Drummond," he .con
tinued, looking across at his vis-a-vis,
"we look to you 'to give expression to
our sentiment. Your career at the bar
has given you a command of language,
also a self-control not vouchsafed to
us ordinary mortals. Explain to Sir
John our feelings."
Drummond, a few years older, dark,
clean-shaven, with bright eyes and hu
morous mouth, laid down his. -paper
and turned toward Sir John. He re
moved his cigarette from his lips and
waved it gently In the air.
"Holcroft," he remarked, "In bald
language, and with the usual limita-.
tions of his clouded intellect, has still
given some slight expression to the
consternation -which ;, I -^belleve^ I vmay;
say .? in 1 general among 1 us. >: Wje'v looked
up, ,you, •, my.:- dear Sir/ John, : > with rev
erence, almost with'. awe.; You^repre-'
sented 'to us 'the immaculate 1 Briton,'
the one Englishman who typified the
Saxonism, if I may coin a word, of
our race. We have seen great and so
ber-minded men come to this unholy
city, and become degenerates. We have
known men who have come here for
no other purpose than to prove their
unassailable virtue, who have strode
into the arena of temptation, waving
the — the what Is It— the white flower of
a blameless life I only to exchange it
with marvelous facility for the 'violets
of the Parlslenne. But you, Ferring
hall, our pattern, an erstwhile Sheriff
of; London, - a county magistrate, a
prospective politician, a sober and an
upright man, one who, had he aspired
to it, might even have filled the glori
ous position of Lord Mayor— James, a
whisky and Apolllnarls at. once. ; I can
not go on. My v feellngs overpower me."
"You all seem to be trying to pull
my leg," Sir John - remarked quietly.
"I suppose you'll come to the point
soon— if there Is one."
Drummond shook his head in melan
choly fashion. .
"He dissembles," he. said. "After.all,
how easy the descent is, even; for the
greatest of us. I hope that James will
not be lone with that ; whisky and
Apolllnarls. My nerves are shaken. . I
require stimulant." ' . ¦
; Sir John seated himself .deliberately.
"I should imagine," he said, shaking
out a copy of ;the Times, "that it is
your brain which Is addled." ,
Drummond looked up with mock
eagerness. " ..-..-, •
- If only there." had .not' been' this
single torturing thought— a mere pin
prick, but still curiously persistent.
Suddenly he stopped short He was
in front -of -one of, the more Imposing
of the cafes - chantants — opposite, il
luminated; with a whole Trow of: lights,
was the wonderful .- poster, which had
helped^ to! make s Alcide famous. He
had" looked at -It before without com
prehension. To-night the subtle sug
gestiveness of ; those few < daring lines,
fascinating in" their;. very/ simplicity,
the head thrown back, the half-closed
in the somewhat mixed society among
which he moved neither satisfied his
taste nor appealed in any way to his
affections. The girl whom he had met
by chance' and befriended had done
both. She possessed what he affected
"to despise, but secretly •worshiped, the
Innate charm of breeding. The Pel-
Ilssiers had been an old family in
Hampshire, while his grandfather had
driven a van. The fact Itself was
nothing to him, but it placed the girl
vei r y far apart from the. young ladies
of Hampstead and Balham, whose
fathers and brothers had been his as
sociates. He believed in her firmly.
This club gossip and chaff to which he
had been subjected was annoying
enough, but ridiculous. He chose a
fresh cigar/ and strolling along under
the tret?s, here and there touched with
the/ lurid - brilliancy! ¦: of 'the 7 electric
.lights,' gave himself .^up f to3 the*; rare
luxury; of i imaginative thought. ¦
;A» in all. things, s<J his thoughts came
to him "deliberately. • He "pictured him
self visiting her in this shabby little
home of her aunt — she had told him
that it was shabby— and he recalled
that delicious little smile with which
she would surely greet him, a smile
which seemed 'to be a matter of the
eyes as well as the lips. She was poor.
He was heartfully thankful for it. He
thought of his wealth for once from a
different point of view. How much he
would be able to do for her. Flowers,
theater boxes, carriages, the "open se
same" to the whole world of pleasure:
He- himself, middle-aged, steeped*in tra
ditions of the city and money-making,
very ill-skilled In all the lighter graces
of life, as he himself well knew, could
yet corne to her Invested with some
thing'of.the halo of romance by the al
most magical powers of an unlimited
banking account. \ She should be lifted
out of her narrow, little* life, and ' it
should, be all owing to, him. And after
ward! Sir John ' drew his cigar from
his lips, and looked, upward where the
white, lights- flashed strangely ~ among
the deep cool green of the lime-trees.
Ills lips parted in a rare smile. After
ward was the most. delightful. part of
all!;-/*'- „•;... • :¦¦'. .-¦.':./• ¦ ¦ •.
"I am sorry," she said. "If you find
the likeness unsatisfactory.. My frlend3
consider it wonderfully faithful. Have
you any more questions to- ask me?"
Sir John, on his way down, had de
termined to hint to this young woman
that, providing certain contingencies
which he had- in his mind should come
to pass, he would be prepared to make
her a handsome enter tc change her
came. He found, however, that -now
the tlmr had come he utterly lacked
the courage to attempt • any such
spe-»ch. «. . -, .
"None, I thank you," he> answered.
Courtlaw crossed the room and
threw open the door. He had come
to Anna's rooms from a dinner party
and he was in evening dress. Sir
J&hn, who was standing outside,
looked past him at the girl still sit
ting In the shadow.
"I believe," he said stiffly, "that
these are the apartments of Miss
Pelllssler. I must apologize for dis
turbing you at such an unseemly hour,
but I should be very much obliged if
Miss Pellissier would allow me a few
minutes' conversation. My name is
Ferringhall— Sir John Ferringhall."
CHAPTER V. ' - '
"Alcide."
"Your sister," he answered, M did me
the honor of dining with me last
night."
"Yes."
After all, it was not so easy. . The
girl's eyes never left his face. She was
civil, but she was obviously Impatient
to know his errand. Afraid, no doubt,
he thought grimly, that her other vis
itor would leave.
"I believe." he said slowly. *tliat I
shall do best to throw myself upon
your consideration and tell you th«
truth. I have recently made your sis
ter's acquaintace, and In the course of
conversation I understood from her
that her Christian name was Anna.
Some friends who saw us dining to
gether persist in alluding to- her as
Miss Annabel Pellissier. I am juilty
practically of the impertinence of com
ing to ask you whether I misunder
stood your sister."
"Is my sister's Christian name, then,
of so much importance to you?" she
asked with a faint smile.
"The things Involved In It are," hs
answered gravely.
She accepted his rejoinder with a
brief nod. Courtlaw opened his lips,
but remained silent In the face of her
Imperative gesture.
"Let me hasten," she said, "to reas
sure you. My sister was scarcely
likely to make a mistake. She told
you — the truth." .. •
Courtlaw's walking stick, which ha
had been handling, fell with a crash to
the ground. He stooped to recover it,
and hl3 face was hidden. Sir John
felt and looked several years younger.
"I am much obliged to you," he said.
"Really, I do not know why -I should
have doubted it."
"Nor I," she remarked terselyi
He looked at her with a certain curi
osity. She was a very elegant young
woman, slightly taller perhaps than
her sister, and with an air of reserved
strength underneath her quiet face and
manner which Annabel may have
lacked. It was hard to associate her
with the stories which he and all Paris
had heard of "Alcide."
"You. then," he said, "are 'Alclde.'
That wonderrui poster— la of you."
She lifted her 'eyebrows. .
"It. is," he replied, "the one humil
iation' : < of ': my. life.. .My opportunities
have been ' immense . and my failure
utter. ' If I had been your companion
only, \ and not l your, master, I might
very well have been content to accept
you for what you seem. But there
have been times, Anna, when your
work has startled me. Ill drawn,
without method or sense of propor
tion, you have put wonderful things
on to canvas, have drawn them out of
yourself, notwithstanding your me*
chanical inefficiency. God knows how
you did it. You are utterly baffling."
She laughed at him easily and
mirthfully.
"Dear friend," she said, "do not
magnify me into a physiological prob
lem. I should only disappoint you
terribly some. day. I think I know
where I am puzzling you now "
v "Then for heaven's sake be merci
ful," he exclaimed. "Lift up one cor
ner of the curtain for me."
"Very well. You shall tell me if I
am, wrong. You see me here, an ad
mitted failure in the object to which
I have devoted two years of my life.
You know that I am practically des
titute, without means or any certain
knowledge of where my next meal is
coming from. I speak, frankly be
cause you also know that no possible
extremity would Induce me to accept
help from any living person. You no
tice that , I 'have recently spent .ten
francs in a box of the best Russian
cigarettes and that there are rose3
upon my table. You observe that I
am as usual fairly cheerful and mod
erately amiable. It surprises, you.
You do not understand; and you would
like to. .= Very well! I will try to help
you." .
Her hand hung over the side of her
chair nearest to him. He looked at it
eagerly, but made no movement to
take It. During all their long com
radeship he had never so much as
"I believe that you are right," he
paid softly. "It is the worst of in
cluding in our vocabulary words
which have no definite meaning, per
haps I should say of.whlch the mean
ing varies according to one's personal
view. You", for instance, you live, you
are not afraid to live. Yet you make
Bohemianism seem like a vulgar
thing." v '
She stirred gently In her. chair.
"My friend," she said, /"I have been
your pupil for two years." You have
watched all the uncouth creations of
my brain come sprawling out upon
the canvas and besides we have been
companions. Yet the fact remains
that you do not understand me at all.
No, not one little bit. It is extraor
dinary."
She raised her eyebrows.
"Troubles, my friend," she ex
claimed lightly. "But I .have no
troubles."
He stared at her incredulously, and
she laughed very 7 softly. :
"What a gloomy person you are!"
she murmured. "You call yourself an
artist — but you have no temperament.
The material cares of life hang about
your neck like a millstone. ; A doubt
as to your, dinner to-morrow v.'ould
make you miserable to-night. You
know I call all that positively wicked.
It is not at all what I expected, eltner.
On the whole. I think that I have been
disappointed with the life here. Tnere
Is so little abandon, so. .little Joyous
ness."
"And yet," he murmured, "one of
the greatest of our writers has de
clared that the true spirit of Bo
hemianism is denied In your sex."
"He was. probably, right," she de
clared. "Bohemianism is the least
understood word ever coined. I do
not think that I have the Bohemian
spirit at all."
He looked at her thoughtfully. She
•wore a plain black dress, reaching al
most to her throat— her small, oval
face, with the large, thrown . eyes, was
colorless, delicately - expressive, yet
with something mysterious in its
sphinx-like ,' immobility.-' A woman
hard to read, who seemed to delight in
keeping locked up behind that fasci
nating rigidity of feature the intense
sensibility which* had been revealed to
him, her master, only | in occasional
und rare moments of enthusiasm. She
reminded him sometimes of the one
holy and ineffable Madonna, at others
of Berode, the great courtesan of her
day, who had sent 1 kings away
from her door and, had just an
nounced her intention of ending
her life in . a convent Courtlaw
himself, plain of feature, rugged, but
a man of many emotions and a great
artist, found in her^jaresence some
thing akin to inspiration. The faces
of most women are j like , open books.
This girl, young, friendless, unsuccess
ful, met misfortune .with a Jest, .re
vealed herself to no 'one; not even to
him M maintaining side Vby ; side with
the utmost freedom ¦ of deaortment a
delicate aloofness which seemed to
trace with fairy fingers a, line imper
ceptible yet vividly real and efficient.
He turned .upon her "almost fiercely.
¦- "You know," he '.muttered, "you
know quite well that your troubles
are far "more likely to weigh upon me
than my own." Do .you. think that I
am utterly selfish?" -
She smiled.
"How am I to earn enough sous for
my dinner to-morrow— or falling that,
what can I sell?"
His face darkened.
' "And yet," he said, "you bid me
talk cheerfully, or not at all."
."Why not? Your, spirits, at least,
should be good. It is not you who
runs the risk of going dinnerless to
morrow."
The Temperament;, of an Artist.
"You may sit there and smoke and
look out upon your wonderful Paris,"
she said lightly. "You may talk — if
you can talk cheerfully, not unless."
- "And you?" he asked. .
"Well, if I find your conversation
interesting I shall listen. If not, I
have plenty to think about," she an
swered, leaning back tin her chair, and
watching the asmoke from her own
cigarette curl upward," v
y "For instance?" ; '
CHAPTER IV.
"You hear him?" he remarked, look-
Ing impressively around. "A Joke! Sir
John, if you had presented yourself
here, an hour ag2 we should have
A fair-haired . young Englishman
looked up from the depths of his easy
chair. v , ¦¦• -
watched her from the windows, watch
ed the carriage Jolt away, along, the
cobbled street and f disappear.;, Then she
stepped back Into the empty i room • and
stood for a moment looking down upon
the scattered fragments of her • last
canvas.
"It is a : night of endings.',? she mur
mured to herself. ."Perhaps -for A me.",
ehe added, with a sudden wistful look
• out of the bare high window, "a night
of beginnings." . i *
CHAPTER HI. V
Anna? or Annabel?
v-n Sir- John '-was' wholly < unable* to, un->
derstand -the^ laugh " and ' seml-lronlcal
cheer which greeted his entrance to
the smoking-room' of , the English Club
on the following 1 evening. He .stood
upon /the .threshold;; flangling -his 1 eye
glasses in his fingers, stolid, lmperturb-"
able, mildly interrogative." '. , He ; wanted :
to. know .what the «; Joke ; against >him f
r was — if any.-;V r -:',. ';'¦-•. ' ;: , : y.'". -*'';-'~*iYi'-. : ,
"May I inquire," he asked -smoothly,;
"In what way my appearance contrib
utes to your amusement? If there is
a joke I should like to share it."
fce assured her. "a place where I tay«
often taken my own sisters. _You will
be wearing your traveling dress, and
no doubt you would prefer it Bhall we
cay at 7:20?"
She rose from her chair.
"I will take a carriage." she said,
"and fetch my things." •
¦Let us say the Cafe Masto n. in the
Boulevard des Italiennes. »J t 7:80 . 1 ?« I Jv
he decided. "I ehall be waiting for you
there, and in the meantime, if you will
help yourself-pray don't look like that. \
It is u very small affair, after all. and
you can pay me back If you will.'
She look the pocketbook and looked
hi. at him with a little impulsive move
ment. Her voice shook, her eyes were
very soft and melting.
"I cannot thank you. Sir John, she
said. "I shall never be able to thank
you."
"Won't you postpone the attempt
then?" he j;aid gallantly, "until I have
done something: to deserve your grati
tude? You will rot fonret— 7:30. Cafe
M:iston. Boulevard des Italiennes."
She drove off in a little fiacre, nod
dir.ir and ranting at Sir John, who re
rialned upon the averue. He too. when
Eh? had disappeared, called a car
rir.sre.
-Hotel Fitv." )•"* rain mfhanf rally to
the coachman. "If only r-^r sister is
balf as pretty. r;> wonder that she has
ECt the Parisian? tr.lklr.pr."
CHAPTilK II.
The A-Jvrrr.i::v of Annabel.
The man spoke mercilessly, incisively.
as a surgeon. Only ha hated the words
ho uttered, hated the blunt honesty
which forced them from his lips. Oppo
site, his pupil Mood with bowed head
and clasped hands.
"You have the temperament," he
said. "You have the ideas. Your first
treatment of a. subject is always cor
rect* always p.-j festive. But of what
avail is th'c? You have no execution,
no finish. You lade only that mechani
cal knack ot expression which is the
least impoitar.t part of an artist's
equipment, but which remains a tedi
ous and a!;.-'>;u?e necessity. We have
both tried Vi.-::d r» develop it— you and I
—and we haw- failed. It is batter to
face tn<? truth."
"Much better." she agreed. "Oh,
much better."
"Personally." he went on, "I must
confess to a grt.u disappointment. I
looked upcr. you from th2 vary first
as the most promising Of my pupils. I
overlooked the mechanical imperfec
tions of your v.ork, the utter lack of
finish, the erutlene.«s of your drawing.
I said to myself, 'this will come.' It
seems that i was mistaken. You can
not draw, i'our finders are even now
as Ftiff as a Bchoolfflri's. You never
be abl«» to ou^w. You have ideas. You
are a:i artist by the divine right of
birth, but whatever form of expression
may come t<» you at some future time
it will not be painting. Take my ad
vice. Burn your palette and your easel.
Give up your Lonely hours of work hare.
I.ook sorr.ewhere else in life. Depend
upon it. -h^re is a place for you — wait
ir.y. Hen? you only waste your time."
She was silent, and in the gloom of
the dimly lit apartment he could not
ge<> h^r facv. He drew a little breath of
relief. The worst was over now. He
continued tenderly, almost affection
ately.
"After all. there are great things left
in the world for you. Painting is only
one s'ender bianch of the great tree.
To-night ail this may seem hard and
cruel. To-morrow you will feel like a
freed woman. To-morrow I shall come
and talk to you again — of other things."
A man of Infinite tact and kindness,
he spoke his message and went. The
girl, with a little moan, crossed the
room and threw open the window.
She looked steadfastly out. Paris,
always beautiful even In the darkness,
glittered away to the horizon. The
lights of the Champs Elysees and the
Place de la Concorde, eug-gestive. bril
liant, seductive, shone like an army of
fireflies against the deep cool back
ground of the night. She stood there
with white set face and nervously
clenched fingers. The echo of those
kindly words seemed still to ring in her
ears. Ehe was crushed with a sense of
her own terrible impotency. A failure!
She must write herself down a
failure! At hsr age, with her
ambitions, with her artistic tempera
ment and creative instincts, she was
yet to be denied all coherent means of
expression. She was to fall back among
the ruck, a young woman of taient,
content perhaps to earn a scanty living
by painting Christmas cards, or teach
ing at a kindergarten. Her finger-nails
dug into- her flesh. It was the bitterest
moment of her life. She flung herself
back into the bare little room, cold,
empty, comfortless. In a momentary
fury she seized and tore in pieces the
6tudy which remained upon the easel.
The pieces fell to the ground in a little
white shower. It was the end, shs told
herself, fiercely. And then, as she stood
there, with the fragments of the torn
canvas at her feet, some even caught
upon her skirt, the door was thrown
open, and a little girl entered, hum
ming a little tune.
The newcomer stopped short upon
the threshold. ,
"Anna! What tragedy has happened,
little sister? No little lights, no supper.
no coffee — and. above all, no Mr. Court
law. How dreary it all looks. Never
mind. Come and help me pack. I'm
off to England." -.
"Annabel, are you mad? To En;,
land! You are joking, of course. But
come in, dear. I will light the stove,
and there shall be some coffee pres
ently."
"Coffee! Bah!"
The newec-mer picked her way across
the floor with daintily uplifted skirts,
and subsided ir.to a deck chair of
stretched car.vas.
"I will not rob you of your coffee,
most dutiful of sisters!" she exclaimed.
"I have had adventures — oh, more than
one, I can nsson you. It has been a
marvelous day — acd I am going to
England."
Anna looked at her sister gravely.
Even in her painting smock and with
her disarranged hair, the likeness be
tween the twrt girls was marvelous.
"The adventures I do not doubt, An
nabel," she said. "They seem to come
to you as naturally as disappointment
— to other poop!e. But to England!
What has happened, then?"
Already the terror of a few hours
ago seemed to have passed awav from
the girl who leaned back so lazily in
her chair, watching the Up of " her
patent shoe swing backward and for
ward. She could even think pf what
had happened. Very soon she would
be able to forget It.
"Happened! Oh, many things." she
declared Indolently. "The most impor
tant is that I have a new admirer."
The wonderful likeness betweeen the
two rirlF was never less noticeable
than at that moment. Anna sXood look
ing down ur>on her sister with grave
perturbed face. Annabel lounged In her
chair with a sort of Insolent abandon
in her pose, and wide-open eyes which
never flinched or drooped. One realized
Indeed then where the differences lay:
the tender curves about Anna's mouth
transformed into hard, sharp lines in
Annabel's; the eyes of one truthful
and frank, the other's more beautiful
but with less expression— windows lit
¦with dazzlinsr light but through which
one saw — nothing.
"A new admirer. Annabel? But what
j has that to <fo with your going to Ene
land?"
"Everything! He Is Sir John Fer
ringhall—very stupid, very respect
abl<\ very orot5stic?l. But. after all.
what does that matter? He fs very"
much taken with me. He tries hard to
caiiff-al ft. but he cannot."
"Then why." Anna asked quietly,
"do you run away? It is not like
yo-.j."
Annabel laughed softly.
modest and ladylike. Ha went over
his interview/ with her again, their con
versation at I dinner, time. 'm She ". had be
haved in every ; way, perfectly. His'
spirits began to rise. •¦" : had
made an abominable I mistake. : It j was
not possible ; for. him to have been de
ceived.-He drew a little sigh of relief.
'; ; Sir «•' John. J by Instinct and training,
was an unimaginative : person. . He was
a business man, pure' and j simple, his
eyes were I fastened always * upon « the
practical side : of life. ' Such ambitions
as he had were stereotyped and ma
terial^ Yet in some hidden corner was
'a, vein of ; sentiment,^ofiwhich for the
first ,time : to; his " later lif e'helwas now
uriexpectedly aware. He was conscious
of a peculiar pleasure In sitting there
and thinking of those few hours which
already,: were, beoomlng to assume a
definite •/ • importance., in ; ; his : mind— a
place. • curiously^ apart? from < thOBe sdry- J
as-dust images which' had' become the
gods of his ; prosaic , IKe. r ; Somehow, or
other his reputation as a! hardened 1 and :
unassailable bachelor had won for him
during the last few. years a compara
tive Immunity from attentions on the
part of those women with whom he
had been brought Into contact. It was
a reputation "by no means deserved. A
wife formed part of his scheme of life;
for several years he had been secretly
but assiduously looking for her. In his
way he was critical. The, young ladles
"Think ' not," that youns man re
marked , laconically. .... * - . $
''} "I will 'put. the question/', Drummond:
1 said " gravely.T : '"Ferringhall, were ' you
or- were>you not dining last night at a
certain restaurant' in the Boulevard des
Italiennes with— la petite ¦ Pellissier?"
Now indeed Sir John was moved. He
sat up in his chair as though the ques
tion had stung him. The Times slipped
from his 'fingers. 7 His eyes were bright,
and his. voice' had "to it an unaccus->
toxned . timbre. ':'¦•'¦• t' J .:?'¦
: :"It 4s true," he said, "that 1 1 was;
dining last .?. night"' at a restaurant in
the Boulevard $ des : Italiennes, r and . it Is -
' true ; that ) my 'companion * was; a' yoUng:
•lady: whose name Is Pellissier. What"
'"otitrjf/.vCf-VV; ¦<¦ -- 1 . r..- ¦¦ ,— - v v .-'¦*''
. ' . There ', was .a 'shout • of laughter. Sir
John*' looked about him, -and i somehow ...
¦ the! laugh /died ; away. r / If ! such- a thing
In connection with him had been possi-<
¦ ble 5 they', would * have declared ' that < he
'.was'.: In^ a itowering rage. .An * uncom- r
i'f ortable silence followed; i Sir. John once
more looked around him. .
"I repeat, gentlemen," he said, in an
ominously low tone, "what of it?"
Drummond shrugged his shoulders.
\'You seem to be taking our little joke
more seriously then it deserves, Fer
ringhall," he remarked.
"I fall to see the joke," Sir John said.
"Kindly explain it to me.".
"Certainly^- The thing which appeals
So Annabel departed with the slleht
est of farewells, wearing a thick trav
eling veil, and sitting far back in the
corner of a closed carriage." Anna
"My dear Anna! As though I should
think of depressing you with my long
list of misdeeds."
"You have nothing to tell me?"
"Nothing!"
"Annabel," she said, "I have never
asked you for your confidence. We
have lived under the same roof, but our
ways seem to . have lain wide apart.
There are many things which I do not
understand. Have you anything to tell
me before you go?"
Annabel laughed lightly. Already
she was almost herself again. '
"How ..unkind!" she exclaimed.
"Still, since it is better to tell you, Sir
John Is very much in earnest.' but his*
respectability ¦ is something - altogether
too overpowering. Of course I knew,
all about him years ago and he is ex
actly like everybody's description of
him. I am afraid, Anna,\just a little
afraid that in_ParIs land my friends
here might seem •» • trifle advanced. Be
sides, he might hear things. That is
why I called myself Anna."
"You — you did what?" Anna ex
claimed. , :
"Called myself Anna," the girl re
peated coolly. "It can't make any
difference to : you and . there a are - not
half a dozen people ' in Paris ¦ who
could tell us apart."
Anna tried to look angry, but her
mouth betrayed her. Instead she
laughed, laughed with lips and .eyes, .
laughed till the tears ' ran down her,
cheeks. . '•
"You little wretch!", she exclaimed
weakly. ¦ "Why should I, bear the bur-;
den of your wickedness? Who knows
what might come of it? I shall per-/
mit nothing of the sort."
Annabel shrugged her shoulders.
"Too late, ray dear girl," she ex
claimed. "I gave your name. I called
myself Anna. After all, what can it
matter? It was just to make sure.
Three little letters can't make a 'bit of
difference."
"But it may matter very much in
deed," Anna declared. "Perhaps for
myself I do not mind, but this man is
sure to find out some day, and he will
not like having been deceived. " Tell
him the truth, Annabel."
"The truth!"
There was a brief but Intense si
lence. Anna felt that her words had
become charged with a fuller and
more subtle meaning than any which
she had intended to impart. "The
truth!" It was a moment of awk
wardness between the two sisters — a
moment, too, charged with its own
psychological interest, for there were
secrets between them which for many
months had made their intercourse a
constrained and difficult thing. It was
Annabel who spoke.
"How . crude you are, Anna!" she
exclaimed with a little sigh. "Sir
John is not at all that sort. He is the
kind of man who would much prefer
a little dust in his. eyes. But heavens,
I must ;iack!"
t>he sprang to her feet and disap
peared in the room beyond", from
which she emerged a few minutes lat
er with flushed cheeks and disheveled
hair.
"It is positively no use, Anna," she
declared, appealingly. "You must
pack for me. I am sorry, but you
have spoilt me., I can't do it even de-'
cently myself, and I dare not run the
risk of ruining all my clothes. Lis
ten! What's that?"
There was a sharp tap at the door.
The words seemed to die away on
Annabel's lips. The old look of terror
for a moment, convulsed her face.
Anna, seeing it, caught her by the arm.
"Annabel, what is the matter?"
They were face to face in the mid
dle of the room, Anna on her way to
open the door. But her sister Inter
posed.
"Don't answer it, Anna! Come!"
The gesture was one of entreaty.
Anna found herself . perforce obeying
it. The two girls stole away into the
inner room. Annabel softly locked
the door/ but remained kneeling
down by the keyhole. They were
scarcely concealed before the" outer
door opened and the shrill voice of
Marie, the eldest daughter -of their
concierge, commenced a torrent of ex
postulations. - ¦
"But you see! It is as I tojd you,
monsieur. The room is empty. The
young mademoiselle has been here
and gone. She packed her boxes in
one half-hour and departed for Eng
land. It was a loss, but" what mat
ters ? Such rooms let easily — mon
sieur can see for himself the beautiful
light, the view, too."
A man's voice interposed — coarse
and strident— the voice of an English
man speaking _the most abominable
• French.
"I wonder whether you are filing
the truth, crirl!"
Marie | was justly indignant. Her
shrill voice grew shriller.
"But what does monsieur suppose?
Is it for such insults that I have
climbed, all these stairs and admitted
monsieur here? Well, it is over. 1 Mon
sieur will be so good as to descend at
ouc-i-." I
The unseen man pointed apparently
to the door, behind which the girl was
cowering. -
"There's another room there! How
do I know that she isn't hiding? .If
what I guess is true, she'll be none
too anxious to be dropped upon Just
yet." • ? :
"And what business of monsieur's
is it if there is another room there?"
Marie demanded. 'He asks for Made
moiselle Pellissier. and I tell him that
she is gone, gone, gone! Is it so dif
ficult to understand? Those rooms
beyond were not even let to her. They
are let .to another, tenant. If mon
sieur pleases."
Monsieur 'was apparently bundled
out. The outer door was closed. Steps
were heard descending the stone
stairs. Anna looked with grave eyes
at the girl who was still on her knees
by the keyhole, and whose face was
blanched with terror.
"Is it you, Annabel?" she asked. In
a low tone, "who have bought these
lies from Marie?"
Annabel rose slowly to her feet. Her
knees were still tremblinr. The hunt
ed look remained in her eyes. She
had had a shock.
"There was no buying," she an
swered. . "Marie was always our
friend. I told her if any one came for
me — that I had left. I do not wish to
be worried Just now."
"Who is that man ?"
"I do not know!"
"Nonsense. Who is he?"
"Indeed I do not know," Annabel
persisted. "He is the friend of some
one I loathe— some one of whom I
om afraid. There .are' several of them. '
They pester me to death." . - •
"iou are going to England to'es
cape from him?" .;. • ' *.„•;¦ '
"Partly — yes."
"Why? What is he to you? What
harm can, he do you?"
Annabel, mercurial, Inconsistent, a
strange mixture of coward and fatal
ist, began to recover herself. She rose
to her feet. The footsteps of Marie
and her companion had died away. •
"None," she declared, "none what
ever. I am so easily upset, but I hate
to be bothered. Please go on with my
packing. I have so little time. Don't
crush my crepe de Chine, whatever you
do. I shall have to take your trunk.
Sorry, but you j won't be going away
Just yet. shall you?"
"You have told me all that you in
tend to?" Anna asked. .
"Don't be melodramatic. There is
nothing to tell."
Anna continued her task in silence.
* With deft fingers she created order out
of chaos. Soon the trunk, portmanteau
and hat box were ready. Then she
took her sister's hand. It was as cold
¦ as ice. ...-y-r :¦ ,. ;<
She stopped short. There was a
sharp knocking at the outside door.
Courtlaw rose to his feet.
"It is too late for visitors." she re
marked. "I wonder would you mind
seeing 'who it is."
"Dear friend," she said, "do you not
think that you are breaking* an un
spoken compact? I am very sorry. In
your heart you knew quite well that all
that you have said is useless."
"Ay," he repeated, looking away from
"Useless — worse than useless."
"You are foolish," she declared, with
a note of irritability in her tone. "You
would appear to be trying to
destroy a comradeship which has
been very, very pleasant. For you
know that I have made up
my mind to dig a little way into life
sir.gle-handed. I, too, want to under
stand — to walk with my head in the
light. Love is a great thing, and hap
piness a joy. Let me go my own way
toward them. We may meet — who
can tell? But I will not be fettered.
even though you would make the
chains of roses. Listen."
ventured to hold her. fingers. This was
David Courtlaw. whose ways too. had
never been very different from the
ways of other men as regards her sex.
"You see. it comes after all.
she • continued* V from , ' cer l ain o 01 Jf
inal convictions* which have be
come my religion. Rather a
magniloquent j term, perhaps, but
what else am I to say?. One c-f these
is that the most absolutely selfish .thins
in the world is to give way^to depres
sion, to think of one's troubles at all
except of how to overcome them, i
spend many delightful hours }h;nk^n|
of, the pleasant and beautiful thin o 3
of life. I decline to.waste a single sec
ond even in considering the ugly ones.
Do you know that this becomes a hab
•'If you would only teach us all," he
murmured, "how to acquire it. .
•T suppose people would say that it
is a matter of temperament." she-con
tinued. -"With me I Relieve that it 13
more. It has become a part of the or
der of my life. Whatever may happen
to-morrow I shall be none the better
for anticipating its miseries to-day.
"I wonder." he said, a trifle irrele
vantly, "what the future has in store
for you?" .
She shrugged her shoulders.
"Is that not rather a profitless spec
ulation, my friend?" /.
He seemed deaf to her interruption.
His gray eyes burned under his shaggy
eyebrows. He leaned toward her as
though anxious to see more of ner
face than that faint dellcat* profile
gleaming like marble in the uncertain
light. . „ .
"You wcr« born for great things, ne
said huskily. "For great passions, for
great accomplishments. Will you find
your destiny, I wonder, or will you go
through life like so many others— a
wanderer, knocking ever at ; empty
doors, homeless to the last? Oh, If one
could but find the way. to your heart.
She laughed gayly. v
'.'Dear friend." she said, "remember
that you are speaking' to one who has
failed in the only serious object whicn
she has ever sought to accomplish. My
destiny. I am afraid, is going to lead
me Into the ruts."
He shook his head.
"You were never born," he declared,
"to follow the well-worn roads. I won
der," he added, after a moment's pause,
"whether you ever realize how youn*
you are?"
"Young? I am twenty-four."
"Yet you are very young. Anna, why
will you persist in this single-handed
combat with life?" •
"Don't!" she cried.
"But I must. I will," he answered
fiercely. "Oh, I know you would stop
me if you could. This time you can
not. You are the woman I love, Anna-
Let me make ycur future for you.
Don't be afraid that I shall stunt tt.
I will give you a broad, free life. You
shall have room to develop, you shall
live as you will, where you will, only
give me the right to protect you, to
free you from all these petty material
cares."
The woman shrugged her shoulders.
"It Is a great art." she said in
broken English. .".The little English
girl . Is very » fortunate. For what, In
deed, does she do? A simple song; no
gesture. ;no"aetlng— nothing. And they
pay iher.- Monsieur is going inside,
perhaps?"
But, Sir John's eyes were still riv
eted upon the poster, and his heart
was beating with unaccustomed force.
For Just as ¦ though a vague likeness
is sometimes borne swiftly In upon
one, so a vague dissimilarity between
the face on the poster and the heroine
of his thoughts had slowly crept into
his consciousness. He drew a little
breath and stepped back. After all.
he had the means of setting- this tor
menting doubt at rest. She had men
tioned the address where she and her
sister had lived. He would gf> there.
He would see this sister. He .would
know the truth then once and for alL
He walked hastily to the side of the
broad pavement and summoned a
fiacre". .
As a rule Sir John treated such ad
vances with cold silence. This woman,
contrary to his ! custom; he answered.
"It is hateful — diabolical!" he ex
claimed. •*---
eyes — the toner meaninar of the great
artist seemed to come , to him with a
rush.. He' stood still;' almost. breathless.
A slow anger burned "in the man. It
was debauching, this— a devilish art
which drew such strange allurements
from a face and . figure almost Ma
donna-like to their , simplicity. - Un
willingly he drew a little nearer, and
became one of the group of loiterers
about the entrance. A woman
touched, him lightly on the arm and
smiled into his face.
"Monsieur admires the poster?" '_
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALH
to our sense of humor Is tfce fact that
you and la petite Pellissler. were din
ing together."
"Will you tell me," Sir John said'
ponderously, "by what right you call
that young lady— la petite Pellisster? I
should be glad to know how you -dare
to allude to her in a public place in
such a disrespectful manner! 1 ,'
Drummond looked at him and smiled.
"Don't be an ass, Ferringhall," he said
tersely. "Annabel Pellissier is known
to most of us. I myself have had the
j pleasure ; of :; dining ? with « her. r. She - is
;,very; charming,*- and yweall^ admire her.:
immensely. She slngsf twice a.week at
,the ¦? Embassador's and'; the Gasinq
Ma vise— " ¦ •"
. Sir John held up his hand.
"Stop!" he said. "You do not even
know what you are talking about. The
young lady with whom I was dining
last night was Miss Anna Pellissier.
Miss Annabel is her sister. I know
nothing of that young lady."
There was a moment's silence. Drum
mond took up a cigarette and lit it.
"The young lady, I presume, told you
that . her name was Anna," he re
marked.
. "It was not necessary," Sir -John
answered stiffly.- "I was already aware
of the fact. I may add that the family
is well known to me. : The two aunts
of % these young ladles < lived : in
Hampshire. Under the circumstances
you must permit me to be the best
judge of the identity of the,young lady
who did me. the honor, as an old fam
ily friend,- of dining with- me."' , >
Like most men who 'lie but seldom,
he lied well. . Drummond smoked his
cigarette meditatively.- He remember
ed that he had heard stories about the
wonderful likeness between those two
sisters, one of whom was an artist and;
a recluse, while the other had attach
ed herself to a .very gay and a, very
brilliant little; coterie of pleasure-seek
ers. There was a bare chance that he
had been mistaken. He thought it best
to let the matter drop. A few, minutes
later Sir John left the room.-,
3 He ; walked out,' : Into! the j Champs
Elysees and sat down". . His cigar burnt
"out between his: fingers and he * threw
it impatiently away. ,He had seldom
been more perturbed.^ He;, sat with
folded arms and knitted brows, think
ing Intently.. The girl, had, told him
distinctly^ that > her i, name was /Anna,
Her .whole conduct and [ tone ; had been
2Annabel, who was looking very well,
and who was most becomingly dressed,
moved to a seat from which she could
command a view of the road outside.
She was the first to recover herself.
Her aunt, a faded, anaemic-looking
lady of somewhat too obtrusive gen
tility, was still sitting with her., hand
pressed to her heart.
'\nnabel looked up and down the
empty street, and then turned to her
sister. ' .
"For one^hing, Anna," she remarked,
"we had riot the slightest idea that you
for her, some twelve hours 'later, he
was told that Mademoiselle had left.
His most eager inquiries and most lav
ish' bribes could 'gain no further infor
mation than that she had. left for Eng
land, and that her address was—Lon
don.-. '
CHAPTER~yiL
Bliss rellissicr's Suspicions.
"Anna!"
Anna kissed, her sister and nodded to
her aunt. Then she sat down — unin
vited—and looked from one to the other
curiously.' -There was something about
their greeting and : tone of Annabel's
exclamation which puzzled her.
"I wish," she said, "that you would
leave off looking at me as though I
were something grisly. I am your very
dutiful niece, aunt, and. your most de
voted sister, Annabel. I haVen't mur
. dered * any lone, or. broken the law In
any way that I know of. Perhaps you
will explain the state of panic Into
which I seem to. have thrown you."
"I trill not intrude upon you further."
"Walt," she said. **;
He turned back at once.
"I have answered all your questions,"
she said. "Perhaps you will not ob
ject to answering one for me. You
have thought it worth while to take
some considerable pains to resolve for
yourself my sister's identity. May I
ask the nature of your interest In
her?"
He hesitated.
"It is not an easy matter." he said,
"for me to offer you an altogether ade
quate explanation. I have c-nly seen
your sister for a very brief time, : -id I
am a little past the age when a man
does headstrong things. At the same
time, I must say that I am most anx
ious to improve my acquaintance with
her. I am a single man, and "
"Thank you," she interrupted. "I
will not ask you to explain further.
Good-nisht."
He left at once, immensely relieved,
yet scarcely satisfied with himself as
regarded his share of the Interview
with this young woman. They heard
his • footsteps descending the stone
staircase, growing fainter and fainter.
Then Courtlaw looked acioss at her
vjth :: white puzzled face.
"Why did you lie to that man?" he
asked fiercely. "How dared you do
yoursflf this injustice?"'
"I did it for her sake," she anspered.
"It may be her salvation. I believe
that he wi'.l marry her."
"You would let him — knowing — all
that you know?"
"Why not? Fhe is my flesh and
blood. She is? more dear to me than
anything else. Perhaps if I had
watched. over her more closely, things
would hsvo been different."
"You! Why. you have been an angel
to her," he exclaimed impatiently.
"Vou knov.- v<vry well that she is self
ish and plefsure-Ioyins to the back
bone. You have made enough sacri
fices for her sureiy without this. Be
sides, you car.nut tell where it will end.
Tou have taken upon your shoulders
the L>uruen cf her misdeeds. You may
have to carry them further andlonger
than you think. Oh, it is unbearable."
The man's face was dark with pas
sion. It was as though he were per
sonally aggrieved. His tone was rough,
almost threatening. The girl only
smiled at him serenely, but she laid her
hand for a moment quietly upon his.
"Dear frierxl," che said, "this is a
matter fe-hkh you must leave to me to
do as I think best. Annabel is my sis
ter, you know, almcst my only relative.
If 1 do r.ot look after her, she has no
wie. And sh3 is very young, younger
than her years."
It was significant of her influence
over him that lie answered her calmly,
although a storm of ar.gry thoughts
were struggling for expression within
"Look after her! Why not? But you
have done it all your life. You have
been her guardian angel. But even
you cannot alter her character. Anna
bel was born soulless, a huiflan butter
fiy. if ever there was one. The pursuit
of p'easure. reif-sratifieation. is an
original !r.sai::ct with her. Blood and
bone, body and spirit, she is selfish
through and through. Even you have
rot bsen able to hold her back. I speak
no harm of her. She is your sister, and
God knows I wish her none. But "
A look checked him.
~I knov.," she said quietly, "that
Paris, where the has been so^ much
admired, is cot a good place for ?jer.
That is why I am glad that she has
gone to London."
He rc-sc from his chair, and walked
restk-.ssly up and down the room,
passioii cf pent-up speech compelled
action of some sort. There was a black
fear in his heart. He stopped before
her suddenly.
"Vou, too." he said abruptly. "You
mean to fellow her. You will go to
London?"
"It Is necessary." she answered.
"You yourself have decided that — apart
from the question of Annabel."
He vas suddenly ca.hr.
•Tt i» part of the irony of life," he
said. "One is always playing the sur
jreon, one kills always the thing one
loves best. I meant to lie to you.
"Would to God I had."
She shook her head.
"The surgeon's knife is surely a kind
ly weapon." she declared. "It was best
for me to know. Later on I could
ecarcely have forgiven you."
"And now — I am to lose you."
"For a little time," she answered.
"J meant to say good-by to you to
right. Or. after all, is It worth while?
Th<s Channel is a little broader than
the Boulevards— but one crosses it
BometimeE."
He looked at her with white, set face.
"Yes," he said, "I shall come. That
is very certain. But, after all, it will
be different. I think that I have be
come a drug drinker. I need you
every day. In the mornings I find la
bor easy because I am going to sea
you. In the afternoon my brain and
flngeis leap to their work because you
have been with me. Anna, you shall
not go. I cannot let you go."
She threw away the end of her ciga
rette. Without turning or looking In
his direction she leaned forward, her
h«?ad supported upon her fingers, her
elbows upon her knees. She gazed
steadily out of the window at that arc
of glittering lights. He made, a quick
movement toward her, but she did not
flinch. His arm fell to his side. The
effort of self -repress! on cost him a sob.
"David." 6he said, "you are not a
coward, are you?"
"I do not know," he muttered. "The
bravest of us have joints in our ar
mor."
"You ere not a coward," she repeat
ed, "or you would not be my friend.
A woman may choose any one for her
lover, but for her friend she makes no
mistake. You are not a coward. Da
vid. an<2 you must not talk like one.
Put out your hand and bid me God
ep*ed. It is the only way."
"I cannot do It!" he cried hoarsely.
"I cannot part with you. You have
grown into my life. Anna "
Again Fhe stopped him, but this time
It was not so easy. The man's passion
became almost unbearable at the
thought of losing her. And yet, as she
rose slowly to her feet and stood look-
Ing at him ulth outstretched hands, a
strange mixture of expressions shining
in her wonderful eyes, he. realized In
some measure the strength of her de
termination, felt the utter Impotence of
anything which be could say to her.
He forgot for the moment his own self
pity, the egotism of his own passionate
love. He took her hands firmly in his
and raised them to his lips.
"You shall go," he declared. "I will
make of the days and weeks one long
morning, but remember the afternoon
must come. Always remember that."
Her hands fell to her side. She re
mained for a few moments standing as
though listening to his retreating foot-
steps. Then she turned, and entering
the inner room, commence.' to dress
hastily for the street.
CHAPTER VI.
A Question of Identification.
The little man with the closely
cropped beard and hair looked at her
keenly through his gold eyeglasses. He
sat before a desk littered. all over with
papers and ofiicial looking documents.
The walls of the roc-m were lined with
shelves, on which were glas3 jars, re
torts, countless bottles and many ap
pliances of surgical science. A skele
ton was propped against the mantel
piece. The atmosphere seemed heavy
wit& the odor of drugs.
"You are Mademoiselle Pellissier?"
he asked, without rising to his feet.
Ar.na admitted the fact.
"We sent for you several hours ago,"
he remarked. : j. .•..;•
"I came directly I was disengaged,"
Anna answered. "In any case, there
is probably soir.e mistake. I have very
few friends in Paris."
He referred to a theet of paper by
his side.
"Your name and address were upon
an envelope four.d in the pocket of an
Englishman who »vas brought here last
night suffering from serious injuries,"
he said in a ilry official tone. "As it is
doubtful whether the man will live, we
shou!d be glad if you would Identify
him."
"It is most unlikely that I shall be
able to do so." Anna answered. "Tj
the best of my belief, I have not a
"Yes, I have heard of him, and I
know hiiri by sight." he admitted. "He
she took with her, an' uneasy conscious
ness that in this affair might lie the
germs of future trouble. .
As she crossed the square, almost
within a stone's throw of, her. lodgings,
she came face to face with Courtlaw.
He stopped short with a little excla
mation of surprise. V. . ;'
"My dear friend," she laughed, "not
so tragic, if you please.",
He recovered himself/ .
"I was surprised, I admit," he said.
"You did not tell me that you were go
ing out. or I would have offered my
escort. Dcf you know how late it is?"
"She nodded.
"I heard the clock strike as I crossed
the square," she answered. "I was sent
for to go to the Hospital St." Denis. But
what are you doing here?" .
.' "Old- Pere Runevalrmet' me : on your
doorstep, and he- would < riot let me go.
I have been sitting with him ever since.
The Hospital St. Denis, did. you say?
I Hope that no one of our friends has
met with an accident."
She shook her head. ,
"They wanted "me , to- Identify some
one whom I had certainly never seen
before in my life, and -to tell you the
truth, they were positively rude to me
because I could not. Have you ever
heard the name of Meysey Hill?"
"Meysey Hill?" He repeated it after
her, and she knew at once from his
tone and his qulckglance Into her face
that the. name possessed some signifi
cance for him. .."-./
"His voice became a shriek. In re
sponse to an almost imperative gesture
from the nurse, Anna laid her hand
upon his. He fell back upon the pil
lows with a little moan, clutching the
slim white fingers fiercely. In a mo
ment his grasp grew weaker. The per
spiration stood out upon his forehead.
His eyes closed.
Anna stepped "back at once with a
little gasp of relief. The hand which
the nian had been holding hung liiirp
and nerveless at her side. She held it
away from her with an instinctive re
pulsion," born of her unconquerable an
tipathy ttr the touch of strangers. S*he
began rubbing it with her pocket-hand
kerchief. The man himself was not a.
pleasant object. Part of his head was
swathed in linen bandages: Such of
his features as were visible were of
coarse mold. His eyes were set too
close together. Anna turned deliber
ately away from the bedside. She fol
lowed the official back into his room. ¦'.'
"Well?" he asked her tersely.
"I can only repeat what I said be
fore," she declared. "To the best of
my belief, I have never seen the man
in my life."
"But he recognized "you," the'offlcial
objected, ; % . *
you do, Annabel. Never mind, I've got
plenty. We'll go to the shops.
monds! You shall have all that you
can carry away, sackfuls if -you lilJe.
Pearls too!. I mean it. I tell you I'm
Meysey Hill,' the railway man. Don't
leave me in this beastly thing. Anna
bel! Annabel!". . .-.
¦'But what^are you going to do —
where are you going to live?" Annabel
asked. "Have you any money?"
"Lots," Anna answered laconically.
"Never mind me. I always fall on my
feet, you know."
"You will let us hear from you— let
us know-where you are, very soon?"
Annabel called out from the step.
Anna nodded as she briskly crossed
the pavement.
"Some day." she answered. "Run in
now. There's a hansom coming round
the corner." .
Annabel disappeared precipitately.
Miss Pellissler was standing at the
window of . her little- drawing-room
when her niece entered, watching the
departing cab and dabbing her eyes
with a lavender-perfumed handker
chief.
"She never looked back once. Anna
bel, not oncel" she exclaimed. "I waved
my hand, too. Really, it Is most un
fortunate that she should have come
to London just now. It is evident,
too. that she intended to stay here. Of
course, It was quite Impossible, with
Sir John here so often and feeling as
he does about her. Did she tell you her
plans, Annabel?"
The girl shook her head.
. "I'm afraid she hasn't any. - All the
same I don't think we need worry about
her, aunt.' Anna always falls upon her
feet. 1 never knew any one so capable
of looking after herself." . .
' Miss Pellissier glanced at her niece
with unaccustomed sharpness.
"I am afraid. Annabel, that you are
inclined to be a selfish young woman."
• Annabel shrugged, her shoulders.
"I do not think that I am selfish In
an ordinary way," she answered. "I
simply do not worry about things. It
really is not worth while, and it makes
one old and Irritable. I would rather
have Anna here — as she has to be In
London— but as it Is not possible I
simply do not think about it. I sup
pose you are going to have a really en
joyable hour now, thinking how many
scrapes &he can possibly get Into.
Every one to their taste, of course. It
simply wouldn't suit me."
"If it is not selfishness It Is just
sheer heartlessness with you, Annabel,"
Miss Pellissler declared. "I wish that
Anna had left an address. I must con
fess that I am uneasy about her. She
was always your father's favorite.
Aft«r all, of you two girls — "
She stopped short. looking at Anna
bel with a sudden keenness.
"Well, aunt?"
Miss Pellissier did not finish her sen
tence then, or at any other time. Nev
ertheless from that moment she was
plagued with a constantly recurring
suspicion that she was never able alto
gether to quiet. It was not a suspicion
which she would ' have * cared to shar*
with Sir John FerrlnghalL and. it was
connected with that curious change of
names between the two girls which she
had accepted but never understood.
, Anna -sat back In her cab. but found
It remained stationary.
¦¦¦. "Gracious!" she exclaimed to herself.
"I don't know where to go."
"It Is true, dear. After all there are
other things. All that I regret are the
wasted years, and I am not sure that
I regret them. Only of course I must
bAgin something else at once. That is
why I came to London." .
should happen to make him change his
mind."
"I still—— "
Anna stopped . short. Suddenly she
understood. She grew perhaps a shade
paler, and she glanced out into the
street, where her four-wheeler cab,
laden with luggage, was still waiting.
"Sir John, of course, disapproves of
me," she remarked slowly.
"Sir John Is a man of the world," her
aunt answered coldly. "He naturally
does not wish for connections which
are— I do not wish to hurt your feel
ings, Anna, but I must say it— not al
together desirable."
The irrepressible smile curved Anna's
lips. She glanced toward her sister,
and curiously enough found in her face
some faint reflection of her own rather
somber mirth. She leaned back in her
chair. It was no use. The smile had
become a laugh. She laughed till the
tears stood In her eyes.
"I had a visit from Sir John In my
rooms," she said. "Did he tell you,
Annabel?"
"Yes."
"He mentioned the matter to me
also," . Miss Pellissier remarked stiffly.
"The visit seems to have made a most
painful impression upon him. To tell
you the truth, he spoke to me very se
riously upon the subject."
Anna sprang up.
."I will be off." she declared. "My
cab with all that luggage would give
the whole show away. Good-by,
aunt."
Miss Pellissler tried ineffectually to
conceal her relief.
"I do not like to seem inhospitable,
Anna," she said hesitatingly. "And of
course you are my niece Just as Anna
bel is, although I am sorry to learn
that your conduct has been much less
discreet than hers. But at the same
time, I must say plainly that I think
your presence here Just now would be
a. great misfortune. I wish very much
that you had written fSefore leaving
Paris." : ! -i?f-J'r ~~'<p
Anna nodded.
"Quite right," she said. "I ought to
have done. Good-by, aunt. 1 11 come
and see you again later on. Annabel,
come to the door with me," she added
a little abruptly. "There Is something
which I must say to you."
Annabel pose and followed her sister
from the room. A maid-servant held
the front door open. Anna sent her
away.
"Annabel," she ¦¦• said brusquely.
"Listen to me."
. "Well?" : v v ~
"Sir John came to me — that you
know — and you can guess what I told
him. No, never mind about thanking
me. I want to ask you a plain ques
tion, and you must answer me faith
fully. Is all that folly done with— for
ever?" • - - -' ¦
Annabel shivered ever so slightly.
"Of course it is, Anna. You ought to
know that. I am going to make a fresh
start."
"Be very sure that you do," Anna
said slowly. "If I thought for a moment
that there was any.chance of a relapse
I should ¦ stop here and tell him the
truth even now." ' ;
Annabel looked at her with terrified
eyes. \
"Anna," she cried. "You must be
lieve me. I am really in earnest. I
would not have him know — now — for
the world." %
"Very well," Anna said. "I will be
lieve you. Remember that he's not at
all a bad sort, and to speak frankly,
he's your salvation. .Try and let him
never regret It. There's plenty to be
got out of Jife in a decent sort of way.
Bo a gooa wife to him. : You can if
you will."
"I promise," Annabel declared. "He
Is very kind, Anna, really, and not half
such a prig as he seems."
Anna moved towards the door, but
her sister detained her.
"Won't you tell me why you have
come to England? ' she said. "It was
such a surprise to see you. I thought
that you loved Paris and your work
so much."
. A momentary bitterness crept into
Anna's tone. j
¦ :"I have made no progress with my
work," she said slowly, "and the money
was gone. I had to ask Mr. Courtlaw
for his true verdict, and he gave it
me. I have given up painting."
"Anna!"
THE SAN ¦¦ FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL!.
"He fancied that he did," she cor
rected him coolly. "I suppose delusions
are not uncommon to patients in his
condition." V . »-
The official frowned.
"Your name and address In his pocket
was no delusion," he said sharply. ."I
do not wish to make Impertinent in
quiries into your private life. Nothing
is of any concern of ours except the
discovery of the man's identity. He
was picked up from among the wreck
age of a broken motor on the road to
Versailles last night, and we -have in
formation that a lady was with him
only a few minutes before the accident
occurred." I>8*"S
"You are' very unbelieving," Anna
said coldly. "I hope you will not com
pel me to say again that I do not know
the man's name, nor, to the best of my
belief, have I ever seen him before In
my life." . •
The official sh/ugged his shoulders.
"You decline to help us in any way,
then," he said. , "Remember that the
man will probably die. He had little
money about: him, and. unless friends
come to his aid he must be treated as
a pauper."
"I do not wish to seem unfeeling,"
Anna said, slowly, "but I can only re
peat that I am absolutely without con
cern in the matter. , The man is; a
stranger to me."
The' official had no more to say. Only
It was with a further and most unbe
lieving shrug of the shoulders that he
resumed his seat •
"You will -be so good as to leave us
your correct name and address, made
moiselle."-he said curtly.
- "You , have .' them ' both," Anna an
swered.' » % :t
He opened . the door . for her with a
faint disagreeable smile.
"It is possible, '--..; mademoiselle," • he
said, "that. this. affalrj Is not yet; ended.
It mty.'yet, bring; us again."
She passed out without reply. Yet
: She rang, the, bell, and he waited by
her; side until ¦ she; was admitted , to; the
tall, , glooiriyv lodging-house. And «ever
after ;it struck! him -that her backward
smile ' as : she disappeared was r charged
with . some . special v significance. ! The
dobri closed ' v upon .- her, -and I he » moved
reluctantly away. When next he asked
"I am an extreme person at .times.
This man -has an evil reputation. \ I
know of scandalous deeds which he has
done.";
Anna had reached the house where
she lodged, but she hesitated • on the
doorstep. •
"Have you ever seen Annabel with
him?" she asked.
"Never."
"It Is odd that this, man at thehos
pltal should call himself Meysey Hill."
she remarked.
."If r you .wish." he said, "I will go
there in the morning and see what can
be done for him." - ¦"
"It would be very kind of you," she
declared. "I am ", only sorry that I did
not ask you to go with me."
"Then, whoever he may be, he is not
Meysey Hill," Courtlaw said. "That
young . man was giving a luncheon
party to a dozen friends at the Cafe.de
Paris to-day. I sat within a few feet
of him. I feel almost inclined to re
gret the fact/'
"Why?" she asked.
1 "If one-half of the stories about Mey
eey Hill are true," he answered, "I
would . not stretch out my little finger
to save his life."
"Isn't that a little extreme?"
was a friend of your sister's, was he
not?" \ i
"I never heard her mention'-, his
name," she answered. "Still, of 'course,
it is possible.- This man was apparent
ly not sure whether he was Meysey
Hill or not."
"How long had he been In the hos
pital # ?" Courtlaw asked. ¦ .
"Si'nce last night."
"Sir "John," her aunt repeated, with
thin emphasis, "is coming to see your
sister."
Anna drummed Impatiently with her
fingers against the arm of. her chair. 1
"Well!" she declared good-humor
edly. "I shan't eat him."
Miss Pellissler stiffened visibly.
"This ¦ is not a matter altogether for
levity, Anna," she, said. "Your sister's
future. is at stake. I imagine that even
you must : realize that this is of some
Importance." . ,
Anna glanced toward her sister, but
the latter avoided her eyes. .. .
"I have always," she admitted calm
ly, >!'taken a certain amount of Interest
in - Annabel's . future. /I * should like to
know how it Is concerned with. Sir John
Ferringhall, and how my presence in
tervenes."
"Sir John," Miss Pelllssler . said im
pressively, "has asked your* sister to be
his wife.; It, Is a most wonderful piece
of • good • fortune, - as' I suppose you will
be , prepared to admit. . ' The Ferrlng
halls are of course /without any pre
tense at family. ; but .Sir; John is a very
rich mani; arid will .be';' able to x give An
nabel .a very enviable position In the
world: ft The settlements ' which . he ' has
spoken of,, too, . are . most munificent.'
No wonder we are anxious that nothing
had left, or were leavlngr Paris. Ton
did not say a word about it last week,
nor have you written. It is quite a
descent from the clouds, isn't It?"
"I will accept that," Anna said, "as
accounting for the surprise. Perhaps
you will now explain the alarm."
Miss Pelllssler/ was beginning to re
cover, herself. ° She, too . at once devel
oped an anxious interest in the street
outside. . ">. :
. ''I am , sure, Anna,", she said, "I do
not see why we . should conceal the
truth from you! We are expecting" a
visit from Sir John Ferrlnghall at any
moment. He is coming here to tea."
"Well?" Anna remarked calmly.
single English acquaintance In the
city."
"My dear young lady," the official
said irritably, "this man would not
have your name and address in his
pocket without an object. You cannot
tell whether you know him or not until
you have seen him. Be bo good as to
come this way."
With a little shrug of the shoulders
Anna followed him. They ascended by
a lift to one of the upper floors, passed
through a long ward, and finally came
to a bed In the extreme corner, round
which a screen had been arranged. A
nurse came hurrying up.
"He is quiet only this minute," she
said to the official. "All the time he is
shouting and muttering. 11 If this is the
young lady, she can perhaps calm
him."
Anna stepped to the foot of the bed.
An electric light flashed out from the
wall. The face of the man who lay
there was clearly visible. Anna merely
glanced at the coarse, flushed features,
and at once shook her head.
"I have never seen him in my life,"
she said to the official. "I have not
the least idea who he is."
Just then the man's eyes opened. He
saw the girl, and sprang up In bed.
"Annabel at last," he shouted.
"Where have you been? All these
hours I have been calling for you.
Annabel, I was lying. Whio says that I
am not Meysey Hill? I was trying to
scare you. See, it is on my cards— M.
Hill. Meysey HilL Don't touch the
handle, Annabel! Curse the thing,
you've Jammed it now. Do you want
to kill us both? Stop the thing. Stop
It!"
Anna stepped back : bewildered, but
the man held out his arms to 'her.
"I tell you it was a lie!" he shouted
wildly. "Can't you. believe me? I am
Meysey Hill. I am the richest man In
England. I am the richest man in the
world. - You love "money. You know
The cabman, knocking with the butt
end of his whip upon the window, re
minded her that he was In a similar
predicament.
"Drive towards St Pancras," she di
rected, promptly. "I will U0t you when
to stop."
The cab rumbled off. Anna leaned
forward, watching the people in the
streets. It was then for the first time
she remembered that she had said
nothing to her sister of the man In tha
hospital. >
CHAPTER VIII.
"White's."
Northwards, away from the inhos
pltality of "West Kensington, rumbled
the ancient four-weeled cab, laden
with luggage end drawn by a wheezy
old horse rapidly approaching its last
days. Inside was Anna, leaning a lit
tle fcrrward to watch the passers-by,
bright-eyed, full to the brim of the in
satiable curiosity of youth — the desire
to understand and appreciate this new
world in which she found herself. She
was practically an outcast, she had not
even the ghost of a plan as to her fu
ture, and she had something less than
five pounds in hec pocket. She watched
the people and hummed softly to- her
self./
Suddenly she thrust her head out of
the window.
"Please stop, cabman." she ordered.
The man pulled up. It was not a dif
ficult affair.
"Is this Montague street. TV. C.r*
she asked.
The man looked as though he would
have liked to deny it, but could not.
, "Stay where you are for a mt-ment,"
she directed. "I want to Had an ad
dress."
The man contented himself with a
nod. Anna rummaged about In her
dressing case and finally drew out a
letter. On the envelope was written—
SYDNEY COURTLAW, Esq..
13 Montague St.
Sh<> put her h< ad out of the window.
"Number 13. please, cabman."
"We've come past it. miss," the man
answered with a note of finality in his
gruff voice.
"Then turn round and go back there,"
she directed.
The man muttered something In
audihle, anS gathered up the reins.
His horse, which had apparently gone
to sleep, preferred to remain where he
was. After a certain amount of ma
neuvering, however, he was induced to
crawl around, and in a few minutes
came to a stop again before a tall,
brightly painted house, which seemed
like an oasis of color and assertive
prosperity in a long dingy row. This
was number 13 Montague street, famil
iarly spoken of in the neighborhood as
"White's."./-,.
Anna promptly alighted with the let
ter in her band. The door was opened
for her by a weary-looking youth In a
striped jacket several sizes too. large
for him. The rest of his attire was
nondescript.
"Does Mr. Courtlaw, Mr. Sydney
Courtlaw. live here, please?" Anna
asked him.
"Not home yet, miss," the young man
replied. "Generally gets here about 7."
Anna hesitated and then held out the
letter.
"I think that I will leave this letter
for him," she said. "It Is from his
brother in Paris. Say that I will call
again or let him know my address In
London."
The young man accepted the latter
and the message, and seemed about to
close the door when a lady issued from
one of the front rooms and intervened,
She wore a black satin dress, a little
shiny at the seams, a purposeless bow
of white tulle at the back of her neck
and a huge chatelaine. She addressed
Anna with a beaming smile and a very
creditable mixture of condescension and
offlciousness. Under the somewhat
trying incandescent light her checks
pleaded guilty to a recent use of the
powder puff.
"I think that you were Inquiring for
Mr. Courtlaw." she remarked. "He la
one of our guests — perhaps I should
say boarders here, but he seldom re
turns before dinner time. We dine at
7:30. Can I give him any message for
your*
"Thank you," Anna answered. "X
have a letter for him from his brother,
which I was Just leaving."
"I will see that he gets it Immediately
on his return," the lady promised.
"You did not wish to see him particu
larly this evening, then?"
Anna hesitated.
"Well, no," she answered. "T» tsQ
you the truth though, I am quite a
stranger In London, and It occurred
to me that Mr. Courtlaw might have
been able to give me an idea where t»
stop."
The lady In black satin looked at the
pile of luggage outside and hesitated.
"Were you thinking of private apart*
ments, a boarding-house or a hotelt"
she asked.
"I really had not thought about it at
all," Anna answered, smiling. "I ex
pected to stay with a relation, but I
found that their arrangements did not
allow of it. I have been used to living
in apartments in Paris, but I suppose
the system is different here."
The lady in black satin appeared un
decided. She looked from Anna, wha
was far too nice looklnsr to be traveling
about alone, to that reassuring pile of
luggage, and wrinkled her brows
thoughtfully.
"Of course," she. said diffidently*
"this Is a boarding-house, although we
never take In promiscuous travelers.
The class of guests we have axe all
permanent, and I am obliged to be
very careful indeed. But — If you are
a friend of Mr. Courtlaw's— I should
like to oblige Mr. Courtlaw."
"It Is very nice of you to think «f
it." Anna said briskly. "I should really
like to find somewhere to stay, If It was
only for a few nights."
The lady stood away from the dooiv
"Will vou come this way." she said,
"Into the drawing-room? There 1b urn
one there Just now. Most of my peo
ple are upstairs dressing for dinner.
The gentlemen are so particular now,
and a good thing, too, I say. I was
always used to it. and I think It gives
quite a tone to an establishment.
Please sit down. Miss— dear me, 1
haven't asked your name yet."
"My name Is Pellissler." Anna taldj
"Anna Pellissler."
"I am Mrs. White." the.lady In black
¦atin remarked. "It makes one feel
quite awkward - to mention such a
thing, but after all I think that It t*
best for both parties. > Could you fTr«
me any references?"
' '"there Is Mr. Courtlaw," Anna said,
"ana my solicitors, Messrs. Le Mardar
& Stowe of St. Hellers. They are rathe*
a long way off. but you could write t»
them. I am sorrv that I do not know
any one In London. But after all, Mrs.
White, I am not at all sure that I could
afford to come to you. I am shock
ingly poor. Please tell me what your
terms are." " -
"Well." Mrs. White said slowly, "It
depends a good deal upon what room
you have. Just now my best ones are
all taken."
"So much the better." Anna declared
cheerfully. "The smallest win d* tor
me quite* well."
Mrs. White looked mystertonsgy
about the room as though to be sura
that no one was listening.
"I should like you to come here," «he
said. "It's a great deal for a young
lady who's alone in the world, as I
suppose you are at present, to have a
respectable home, apd I do not think
in such a case that private apartments
are at all desirable. We have a rery
nice set of young people here, too. Just
at present, and you would soon mak*
some friends. I will take yon for
thlrty-flve shillings a week- Fleas*
don't let any one know that. _
"I have no idea what It costs to arm
In London," Anna said, "bat I shfrnl* ,
3"Will you tell me." she exclaimed,
leaning forward and touching Brendon
upon the arm. "Why do not the people
laugh? They have finished their day's
work — this is their relaxation. Why do
they not talk to one another and be
happy? Look along this row, and
that," she exclaimed, motioning: with
her hand. "Is it a matter of con
science or digestion, or what?"
"Of temperament only," Brendon as
sured her. "Englishmen are proverbial,
you know, for taking their pleasures
sadly."
"Sadly! What a hideous philosophy.
We shall become a nation of dyspeptics.
How can an artist sing or dance to
such a wooden wall? Ah!"
Her eyes twinkled with fun. She
was leaning over and looking into the
stalls. Sir John, white gloved,
white waistcoated, curled and
debonair, was whispering into
Annabel's ear, while Miss Pel
lissier on the . next seat affected to
be absorbed in her programme.
"Oh, this is funny," Anna murmur
ed. "I am so glad we came here."
"Do tell us the joke," Sydney Court
law begged.
She shook her head regretfully, v
"It is too bad," she declared. "I can
not! But you must tell me this. Is it
supposed in this dear, hypocritical old
city to be quite respectable to be In the
two shilling places at the Empire?".
Brendon smiled.
They found their way to a music
hall. Seated high up near the ceiling
— she had insisted upon cheap places —
Anna, whose appetite for fresh things
was as the appetite of a child, in
fected her two escorts with something
of her own gayety. Even on her first
night she saw many things which
moved her to wonder.
Some Confidences and a Supper.
CHAPTER IX.
"When they get the chance. It really
isn't so easy as it seems. We have
come to the, conclusion— Brendon and
I— that Mrs. White is psychologically
gifted. She throws a sort of spell over
us all. We struggle against It at first,
but in the end we have to submit. She
calls us her guests, but in reality we
are her prisoners. We simply can't get
away. There's the old gentleman at
the end of the table — Building is his
name. He will tell you confidentially
that he simply hates the place. Yet
he's been here for six years, and he's
-is much a fixture as that sham ma
hogany Eideboard. Every one will
crumble to you confidentially— Miss El
licot, she's our swagger young lady,
you kn«w, up there, next Mrs. White;
she will tell you that it's so out of
the world here — so far away from every
one one knows. Old Kesterton, choleric
looking individual nearly opposite, will
curse the cooking: till he's black in the
like very much to come for a short time
if I might."
"Certainly." Mrs. White said. "Two
days' notice shall be suScient on either
side."
"And I may bring my luggage in and
seed that cabman away?" Ar.na asked.
"Dear me. what a relief! If I had had
any nerves that man would have
trampled upon them long ago."
"Cabmen are eo trying." Mrs. White
assented. -You need have no further
trouble. The man servant shall bring
yuur trunks in and pay the fare, too,
\l you like."
Anna drew out her purse at once.
"You are really a good Samaritan."
Ehe declared. "I am perfectly certain
that that man meant to be rude to me.
He has been bottling it up all the way
from West Kensington."
Mrs. White rang the belL
"Come upstairs," she said, "and I
will show you your room. And would
you mind hurrying a little. You won't
¦want to be late the first evening, and
it's ten minutes past seven now. Gra
cious, there's the gong. This way, my
dear — and — you'll excuse my mention
ing it, but a quiet blouse and a little
chiffon, you know, will be* quite suffi
cient. It's your first evening, and early
impressions do count for so much. You
•understand me, I'm sure."
Anna was a little puzzled, but she
only laughed.
"Perhaps, as I've only Just arrived,"
she remarked, "I might be forgiven if
I do not change my skirt. I packed so
hurriedly that It will take me a long
time to find my things."
"Certainly," Mrs. White assured her.
"Certainly. I'll mention It. You're
tired, of course. This is your room.
The gong will go at seven-thirty. Don't
be late if you can help it."
Anna was not late, but her heart
eank within her when she entered the
drawing-room. It was not a hopeful
looking group. Two or three podgy
looking old men with wives to match,
half a dozen overdressed girls and a
couple of underdressed American ones,
who still wore the clothes in which
they had been tramping half over Lon
don since breakfast time. A sprink
ling of callow youths and a couple of
pronounced young Jews, who were
talking loudly together in some unin
telligible Jargon of the city. What had
she to do with such as these? She had
hard work to keep a smiling face, as
Mrs. White, who had risen to greet
her, proceeded with a formal and, from
Anna's point of view, a wholly unnec
essary round of introductions. And
then suddenly — a relief. A young man
—almost a boy, slight, dark, and with
his brother's deep gray . eyes — came
across the room to her.
"You must be the Miss Pellissier of
whom David has told me so much," he
said, shyly. "I am very glad that you
have come here. I heard from David
about you only this morning."
"You are marvelously like your
brother," Anna said, beaming upon
him. "I have a letter for you, and no
end of messages. Where can we sit
down and talk?"
He led her across the room toward
a window recess, in which a tall, fair
young man was seated with an even
ing paper in his hand.
"Let me introduce my friend to you,"
Courtlaw said. "Arthur, this is Miss
Pellissier— Mr. Brendon. Brendon and
I are great chums," he went on ner
vously. "I don't think that the rest of
the people here like us very well, do
they, Arthur, so we're obliged to be
friends."
Anna shook hands with Brendon— a
young man also, but older and more
self-possessed than Sydney Courtlaw.
"Sydney is quite right. Miss Pellis
sier," he said. "He and I don't seem
to get on at all with our fellow-guests,
as Mrs. White calls them. You really
ought not to stay here and talk to us.
It is a most Inauspicious start for
you."
"Dear me," Anna laughed, "how un
fortunate! What ought I to dp?
Should I be forgiven, do you think, if I
were to go and hold that skein of wool
for the old lady in the yellow cap?"
"Don't speak of her irreverently,"
Brendon said, in an awed whisper.
"Her husband was a county councilor,
and Ehe has a niece who comes to see
her in a carriage. I wish she wouldn't
look like that at us over her glasses."
Horace, the man servant, transform
ed now Into the semblance of a correct
ly garbed waiter, threw open the door.
"Dinner Is served, ma'am," he an
nounced to Mrs. White.
There was no rush. Everything was
done in a genteel and ordinary way;
but, on the other hand, there was no
lingering. Anna found herself next
Sydney Courtlaw, with his friend close
at hand. Opposite to her was a sallow
visag-ed young man, whose small tie
seemed like a smudge of obtrusively
ehiny black across the front of a high,
close-drawn collar. As a rule. Court
law told her softly, he talked right and
left and to everybody throughout the
.whole of the meaL To-night he was al
most silent and seemed to devote his
whole attention to staring at Anna.
After the first courses, however, she
scarcely noticed him. Her two new
friends did their best to entertain her.
"I can't imagine. Miss Pellissier,"
Brendon said, leaning toward her,
"whatever made you think of coming
to stay if only for a week at a Monta
gue-street boarding-house. Are you
going to write a novel?"
"Not L" she answered gayly. "I came
to London unexpectedly and my friends
could not take me In. I had a vague
sort of idea that this was the region
where one finds apartments, so I told
ray cabman to drive in this direction
while I sat inside the vehicle and en
deavored to form a plan of campaign.
He brought me past this house, and I
thought I would call and leave your
brother's letter. Then I caw Mrs.
White—"
"No more," Sydney Courtlaw begged,
laughingly. "You were booked, of
course. An unexpected vacancy,
wasn't it? Every one comes In on un
expected vacancy."
"And they go?"
"The pleasantest things In the world,"
Brendon answered, "become drudgery
when one has to do them."
"That is ay very well," Anna de
clared, "but 'flurely the things which
appeal most to one are the things one
is likely to do best"
"It is an admirable theory," Brendon
said slowly. "The pity of it is that It
so seldom works out in actual life."
"Theories won't work themselves
out," Anna declared lightly. "If we
don't make them prove themselves the
fault is often our own. Isn't it? Please
ask for the bill, ; Sydney. I really can't
call you Mr. Courtlaw, you know, after
having called your brother that for so
long. This place Is garish. It makes
my eyes and my head ache."
They passed out into the cool streets.
Anna drew a little sigh of relief.
"Ah, this is better," she exclaimed.
"Don't let us hurry home. I want to
look about me. Streets, streets, streets!
Is there no green anywhere to rest
one's eyes?"
They took her into Piccadilly and
walked slowly along under the trees
of the green park. She piled them
with numberless questions. There were
so many nhases of / life ' which were
strange to her, so milch that she want
ed to understand. But in the middle
of an animated conversation she sud
denly stopped short upon the pavement.
They were under the portico of a
celebrated restaurant, from which the
"I sit at the next desk," Sydney an
swered. "Only, of course, I'm Bren
don's Junior by a good bit. I wanted to
be an artist like David, but I came to
grief." '
"So did I." Anna declared. "Your
brother knocked all that out of me."
Sydney was incredulous.
"David doesn't often make mistakes,"
he said, "but — "
"He made no mistake about me,"
Anna declared. "I do not believe that I
have even the temperament of an artist.
I shall always be thankful to him for
being— well— brutally frank to me. . It
is such a waste of time, isn't It, ham
mering away at something which is not
one's metier."
Brendon sighed.
"There are very many of us," he said.
"who have all our lives to be doing that
sort of thing."
"If one knows It," Anna said, "there
Is always a means of escape."
"Some of us," Brendon answered dry
ly, "have our livings to earn."
Anna laughed, and laughed again to
herself softly. How about herself? She
had barely sufficient money In her
purse — in the world — to keep her for a
week. Yet her face was bravely enough
set toward the future. Its very difficul
ties were an inspiration.
"I really do not see," she said, "why
one should not be able to earn one's
living in a pleasant way."
"I can guess," Anna answered. "I
suppose it Is very Interesting. It sounds
a little—"
"It not only sounds, but it is," Bren
don interrupted, "a deadly' grind."
"And Sydney?"
"But what manner of people are
these?" she asked. "Where do they
come from? Have they been dug out
of the country places? Are they really
Londoners?"
"Nine-tenths of them," Brendon an
swered. "Perhaps more. But you
must remember that this is a cheap
place."
"Of course. It is what I wanted. I
wanted to see the small shopkeeper
and his wife, the working girls and
their beaux— the lower middle classes."
"They are here," Brendon answered.
"You can pick them out easily enough.
They are jumbled up with the flotsam
from the streets and they probably
feel for an hour or two that they are
leading terrible lives."
"And the artists?" Anna asked.
"Where do they go to? What Is their
quarter?"
Brendon laughed.
"I think," he said, "that our artists
are like our soldiers — they loathe the
signs of their calling and come out al
ways in mufti. You find the successful
ones at the smart restaurants, the me
diocre ones at the artists' clubs and the
failures on the streets. They are not
to be distinguished as in Paris. They
form no society of their own. They
take their, place in the great world ac
cording to their standing, and like all
other Englishmen they aim in their
clothing and speech and deportment at
the great negative manner." / •
"Which means," Sydney .remarked,
"the deletion of- all individuality. 1^ It
is good for the hairdresser."/
"Dear me," Anna murmured. VWhat
a lot I am learning about my country
people! Now tell me, pleaee, if I am
not too' Inquisitive, what do you two
boys do? You work, I suppose?"
"Thank you, Miss Pellissier," Bren
don remarked. "It 13 a good many years
since I have been called a boy. I am
a clerk in a bank, If you know what
that is."
"I am not sure," he said, "but that
thjs J3 i:ot the most respectable part
in*' the hc-jse. Certainly we could give
points to th2 stalls." j
Anna sighed. She seemed disap
pointed.
"All the same," she murmured to
herself, "I wish that Sir John could
see us."
Afterward she insisted upon sup
per, and on being hostess. '
"Somewhere ridiculously cheap," she
said, briskly. "Somewhere where there
are a great many people' to be seen."
They took her to Prascati's, protest-
Ing firmly all <he way against being
her guests. But she was firm.
"After to-night," she declared, "we
will all share up. It is the possi
ble way, if you will bring me out with
you' sometimes. But to-night— no. I
must be hostess. I have the whim for
it. Mrs. White has started all the
quicksilver in me, somehow. What a
dinner — and what people!"
"You will never stay there," they
both declared, in despair.
"Oh, I am not so sure," ehe answered
cheerfully. "One can amuse "oneself
anywhere, and if you two are nice to
me— who knows? I am enjoying this
evening immensely, but if I do not
hear one real laugh at supper-time I
shalr have hysterics. What do they do
with their spirits, these people? Do
they bottle them up? They talk— their
lips seem to be moving always, but
their faces are dead."
Wherever they went Anna attracted
attention. Her unusual beauty, the
distinction of her quiet clothes and
elegant carriage, the Madonna-like
calm of her features, broken up every
now and then by the restless fire of
her lips and eyes, seemed to turn peo
ple's heads toward her in the street,
the theater and the restaurant. - And
withal she was possessed of the most
sublime unconsciousness. She seemed
positively ignorant of the fact that she
was In any way distinguished from the
crowd. But when they were seated in
the restaurant* she certainly gazed
about her with something akin to won
der. . . •
Mrs. White gasped, and then stiff
ened. Miss Ellicot, who sang ballads
and liked Brandon to turn over the
pages for her, tossed her head. Anna
passed serenely out.
"Thanks, I'm not very fond of cof
fee," Anna answered, "and I "hate
music. Good night."
Anna laid down her serviette.
"Let us escape," she said. "Couldn't
we three go out and have some coffee
somewhere? The thought of v that
drawing-room paralyzes me."-
Brendon laughed softly.
"We can," he said, "and we will. But
it is only fair to warn you that it isn't
expected. Mrs. White is proud of her
drawing-room evenings. There Is a
musical programme, and we have the
windows open and the blinds up, and
a pink lamp shade over the piano
lamp — a sort of advertisement of the
place, you know. Strangers look in
and long, and neighbors are moved to
envy."
Anna hesitated- no longer. She al-.
most sprang to her feet. Conscious of
Mrs. White's surprise as she swung
easily down the room, followed by the
two young men, she smiled a careless
explanation at her.
"I am dying to renew my acquaint
ance with London, Mrs. White," she
remarked.
"You are not going out— this evening,
I trust," that lady asked, a trifle dis
mayed.
Anna did not pause, but she lboked
over her shoulder with slightly lifted
eyebrows.
"Why not? They tell me that London
is impossible till after 10, and I want
my first impressions to be favorable."
"There will be some coffee and music
In the drawing-room in a few minutes,"
Mrs. White said.
"A volatile temperament — yes, a vol
atile temperament," Mr. Building re
peated, rather struck with the phrase.
"It is a pity that as nations we are not
more friendly."
Anna nodded and turned again to
Courtlaw.
"I will not be drawn into a conversa
tion with Mr. Building," she declared.
"I believe that he would bore me. Tell
me, what are these bananas and nuts
for?"
"Dessert."
"It takes a great deal of bad weather
to depress the true Parisian," Anna
admitted.
Brendon leaned over confidentially.
"You are in luck. Miss Pellissier," he
declared. "Your success here is abso
lutely meteoric MJ£S Ellicot has
spoken to you, the great Mr. Building
is going to. For five minutes he has
been trying to think of something to
say. m I am not sure, but I believe that
he has Just thought of something."
"May I be prepared?" Anrfa asked.
"Which Is Mr. Building?"
"Stout old gentleman four places
down on the left. Look out, it's com
ing."
Anna raised her eyes and caught the
earnest gaze of an elderly gentleman
with a double chin, a protuberant un
der lip and a snuff-stained coat.
"I was in Paris four years ago," Mr.
Building announced solemnly. "It
rained the whole of the time, but we
saw all the sights and the place never
seemed dull."
"I have come from a very unfashion
able quarter," she said, "and I do not
think that I have been inside a milli
ner's shop for a year. Besides, it is all
reversed now, vou know. Paris copies
London."
The young lady with frizzled hair,
whom Brendon had pointed out to her
as Miss Ellicot, leaned forward from
her hostess' side. She had very frizzy
hair indeed, very black eyebrows, a
profusion of metallic adornments about
her neck and waist and an engaging
smile.
"We are so interested to hear. Miss
Pellissier," she said, "that you have
been living in Paris. We shall expect
you to tell us all what to wear."
Anna smiled very faintly and shook
her head. *"
Brendon laughed.
"Oh, we are also under the spell," he
declared, "but I think that we are
here mainly because it is cheap. It is
really cheap, you know. To appre
ciate it you should try rooms."
"Is this a fair sample of the din
ner?" Anna asked, who had the
healthy appetite of a strong young
woman.
"It is. if anything, a little above the
average," Brendon admitted. ,
Anna said nothing. The young man
opposite was straining his ears to lis
ten to their conversation. Mrs. White
caught her eye and smiled benignly
down the table.
"I hope that Mr. Courtlaw Is looking
after you. Miss Pellissier," she said.
"Admirably, thank you/' Anna an
swered.
fare, but he never misses a dinner. The
Semitic-looking young man opposite,
who EMms to have Deen committms
you to memory piecemeal, will tell you
i hat he was never so bored in all his
Ure as he has L<;ea here. Yet he stays.
They all stay!"
"And you yourself ?"
"I am afraid that you are making a
mistake," she said. "I was never at
any such dinner, and I am quite sure
that I do hot know you."
"Perhaps you remember me, Miss
Pellissier," the second young man in
terposed. "I had the pleasure of — er
—meeting you more than once. I be
lieve."
(Continued next Sunday.)
Anna had suddenly stiffened. She
regarded the young man coldly. Her
tone was icy.
VThis," Anna declared, as she sipped
her wine and looked around her, "re
minds me more of Paris than any
place I have yet seen. I suppose it Is
the mirrors and decorations."
"And the people?" Brendon asked.
"What do you think of them?"
Anna extended her critical survey
and shrugged her shoulders.
"What can one say?" she ex
claimed. "Did you ever see women
so weary-looking and so dowdy? They
do not talk. They seem to spend their
time yawning and inspecting their
neighbor's dresses through those hate
ful glasses. It never seems to enter
their heads to try and amuse their
menkind."
. "I guess they want a few more
American women here," Sydney re
marked. "I can see what you mean.
There's a sort of frozen way about bo
many of these English people."
Anna nodded.
"After all," she said, "I suppose it
is because we do not understand what
is correct. Vivacity is no doubt bad
form. But why people come to such
places if they do not mean to enjoy
themselves I cannot imagine."
"To show their Jewels and their
husbands to their enemies," Brendoa
remarked.
"Poor husbands," Anna exclaimed
compassionately. "Some day they will
rebel. I believe that my sympathies
will not be with my sex."
Two young men on their way down
the room came suddenly to a stand
still before Anna. The foremost, tall,
clean-shaven, perfectly .groomed, half
extended his hand with a smile of re
cognition.
"Miss Pelllssler, isn't it?" he said.
"Glad to see you in London. No idea
that you were here, though."
Anna looked up with a doubtful
smile of non-recognition.
"My name is certainly Pellissier,'*
she said, "but I am very sorry — I do
not recognize you in the least,"
The tall young man dropped his
eyeglass and smiled.
"Had the pleasure of dining with,
you, at the Embassador's one night
before the show, you know — last Sep
tember I think It was. Charley Peve
nill was our host. My name is Army
tage — Lord Ernest Armytagre."
An Encounter at the Carlton.
CHAPTER XI.
The letter dropped from her fingers.
Anna was alone and the mask of her
unchanging high spirits was for the
moment laid aside. . She was a little
paler than when she had come to Lon
don, a little paler and a little thinner.
There were dark rims under her eyes,
soft now with unshed tears. For this
three weeks . had been the hardest of
her life. There had been disappoint
ments and humiliations, and although
she hated to admit it even to herself,
she was in desperate straits. Never
theless, she was still fighting. She
drew pen and paper toward her and
clenched her teeth as she wrote:
"Dear Friend — What nonsense!
Ycur words scarcely even hastened my
decision. For months I had ..been
struggling with that hideous inability,
to express a single coherent thing*
with a dead brush and stiff fingers. In
all our friendship there is nothing for
which I have felt more grateful to you
than when you paid me the rare com
pliment' of telling me an unpleasant
truth. •
"Why should you think and write
of me as an outcast? Believe me, life
is very amusing here. I have "not final
ly settled which of the arts or profes
sions shall have - the honor of provid
ing me with my daily bread, but that
will come. • One thing, however, I have
finally decided. I have put. my
brushes away, absolutely and inevit
ably, at any rate for , the present.
Nothing shall induce me to change my
mind as regards' this. Nor shall I for
some time at any rate return to Paris.
You know, dear friend, that neither
my instincts nor my training incline
toward the conventional, but when you
write to me as though you were in
"You have not kept your promise.
You were to have let me know how
this mad enterprise of yours prosper
ed. Yet since you left Paris I have
not had a single line from you. All
that I know I have to glean from Syd
ney's none too coherent letters.
"I cannot : picture you in a Mon
tague street boarding-house. Have
you Hot begun to realize yourself that
you have made a mistake? Come back
here, Anna! A thousand times I have
felt like biting out my tongue which
sent you into such ridiculous and in
appropriate exile. Come back here,
and I will force the genius which is
in you out of your fingers on to can
vas. You took my hasty words too
seriously. They Were not meant to be
final. Come back, or. I shall fetch you.
The savor has gone out of my days.
I am restless and my work wearies me.
Come and I will drag you up to suc
cess. Mind, this Is. a warning. I shall
keep my word. It Is a matter of ten
hours, of half a day, a trifle! If you
do not come to me, I shall come to
you.
"Ever your lover, ' > •
"DAVID COURTLAW."
CIUPTER X.
Brendon's Luck.
PARIS, 15 th -.
smart you and Mr. Ccurtlaw look this
evening!" she added. I suppose you
are off to celebrate somewhere?"
"We are going out to supper," Bren
don answered. "I am only sorry we
can't take the whole lot of ycu," he
added pleasantly.
"How nice of you!" Mrs. White mur
mured.
"Eighteen*would be rather too many,
wouldn't it?" Miss Ellicot remarked,
with a little conscious smile. "I tnink
supper parties are such fun."
"We thought of going to the Carl
ton," Brendon said:
"Oh!" Miss Ellicott's interjection
was long drawn and expressive. "How
perfectly lovely! It's the one place in
the world I am dying to see. Do look
around at all the people and the
dresses, and find out who Is there, and
describe it all to us poor stay-at-homes
to-morrow. Oh!"
This second interjection was of a
different character. Anna stood upon
the threshold buttoning her gloves, and
something very like sensation rippled
from one to the other. They had none
of them seen Anna in evening dress.
They had probably never been in the
same room with a black gown fash
ioned by an expert Parisian dress
maker. She wore no Jewels. Her neck
and arms were bare. Her wonderful
brown hair, curving low over her fore
head, was drawn back with a grace
which a professional coiffeur could
scarcely have matched. Even her pal
lor seemed to add to that marvelous
distinction of presence, so subtle and
yet so unmistakable a gift. The women
felt suddenly tawdry and old-fash
ioned. Miss Ellicot lost all faith in the
blouse which a few momenta ago had
given her every satisfaction, and as for
her ornaments, she could have torn
them from her neck and arms and
thrown them Into the fireplace. She
went slowly red and then pale. She
had lost her place at 13 Montague
street. She was wholly and entirely
eclipsed. There was not a male pair of
eyes In the place which were not chin
ing with admiration.
Anna, utterly unconscious, or at any
rate indifferent to the sensation which
she had evoked, came a little further
into the room.
"Mr. Brendon Is going to take us to
the Carlton," she remarked pleasantly
to Mrs. White. "Isn't it nice of him?"
"Very," Mrs. White answered, with
some reserve. "Are you sure that you
won't catch cold with nothing on your
shoulders?"
"Well, I shall have to risk It." Anna
declared, with a soft little laugh. "I
don't possess an opera cloak."
Miss Ellicot rose heroically.
?*I will lend you mine," she said. "I
don't think you ought to. go out like
that."
Anna, who had seen Miss Ellicot's
opera cloak, stopped her.
"It is so nice of you," she said, "but
I really do not need it. I have a piece
of lace outside I can twist round my
head and shoulders. I am quite ready
now, Mr. Brendon. Good-night, every
body."
They departed, leaving behind them,
almost a dead silence. Mr. Gudden
had done nothing but simply stare at
Anna from the moment of her en
trance. Even after her departure he
remained looking at the door through
which she had issued.
Miss Ellicot broke the spelL
"Well," she said Impressively.
"What there was about that dress, I
can't imagine, except that it seemed
more like a skin than anything, but
I never saw anything look so Indecent
in my life."
"She looked like one of those new
fashioned posters," Mrs. White re
marked, "or like one of those French,
women who come over to the music
halls, and drive about with mules and
poodles with diamond bracelets."
Every one had something to say.
Mr. Gudden alone was silent- He had
removed to a distant window, and was
standing there with folded arms.
"If I can't remember where I've
seen her, who she is in two minutes,"
he murmured to himself, "I shall have
fits. S'help me I shall."
The carriage vanished round a cor
ner. Something which looked like a
white handkerchief fluttered from the
window. For a few moments Anna re
mained silent. Her high spirits nagged.
They walked aimlessly along/ the two
young men glancing furtively at one
another. Then with a little exclama
tion she recovered herself.
"Dear me, how absurd!" she ex
claimed. "As if London were not large
enough for both of us. Please tell me,
Mr. Brendon, ought we to be out so
late as this? Will Mrs. White give me
notice?"
"We have latchkeys," they both as
sured her.
She smiled. .
"Capital! Don't hurry then. I like
to look around me."
So they threaded their way through
the loitering groups of men and wo
men. Anna frequently paused . to look
about her, often perplexed, more than
once astonished.
: "I do not understand these pedple at
all," she declared. "There are none
who seem realty to be enjoying them
selves, except those who have had too
much to drink. All these others, they
come from their evening's pleasure as
though from hours of labor."
"The Londoner and the Parisian are
as far apart as the poles," Sydney re
minded her. "The Parisian hums a gay
tune as he walks homeward «and
thinks over his evening's entertain
ment. The Englishman wonders how
he will sleep, thinks of the morrow's
work, and leckons up how much his
evening's pleasure has cost him."
Anna shrugged her shoulders.
"Don't ask me to be patriotic, then,"
she remarked. "And yet, you know,
one feels nearer to life here. Levity
fits the Parisian like a glove, his very
capacity for it seems belittling. See
how different it is here, what a strug
gle it all is to appear light hearted.
The forced 6mile cracks the rouge on
these women's cheeks. It is hideously
unnatural, one feels conscious all the
time of the tragedy underneath. And
the men, - those who are not flushed
with wine, are dull-footed, pale. They
come and go like spectral figures. One
feels that they are only adding to the
toils. of the day In this half-hearted
pursuit of relaxation."
Brendon looked at her curiously.
"I wonder," he. said, "is this the cyn
icism of the very young, or do we real
ly seem like it to you?"
"I am not young," Anna answered,
"and I am not a cynic. If I am unjust
I shall find it out very soon. I simply
speak of things as I see them."
Brendon, with regret, took out his
latchkey. They passed into the dimly
lit hall of their boarding-house, and
Anna, after discreet good nights, went
softly upstairs. The two young men
tiptoed their .way into a small room
at the back of the house, called by
.courtesy the smoking-room. Horace,
roused from his slumbers, was bribed
to bring them whisky.
"Yes, it was my sister," Anna an
swered. "I suppose that we are very
much alike.'" .-
"You see," she said, "I am a very
black sheep indeed. My own people
will have nothing to do with me."
"It was your sister, of course?" Syd
ney remarked softly. "What a mar
velous likeness!"/
Both Brendon and Sydney Courtlaw
plunged instantly Into some alien sub
ject of conversation. But Anna's low
laugh, although not altogether mirth
ful, brushed away the moment of em
barrassment.
people were Just emerging after sup
per. A tall commissionaire was stand
ing by the door of a small handsome
brougham. Sir John, with Annabel and
her aunt in close attendance were
crossing the pavement. It chanced
that Annabel turned her head, and for
a moment the eyes of the two sisters
met. Sir John also looked around, and
seeing Anna frowned severely. He
bent down and whispered something in
his companion's ear. She nodded and
suffered herself to be handed into the
carriage.
"I suppose, Mr. Brendon," she said,
looking up at him with an engaging
smile, "that we- shall lose you now."
"Not Just at present, I think," Bren
don answered. "It will take several
months to settle things up, and then I
may have to go to America." »
. Mrs. White nodded.
"It will be very nice if you stay with
us till then," she said. "I am sure we
shall all be sorry when you go. How
"But it's a real good thing," the
young man urged. "I wouldn't men
tion it except for your being one of us
here. It's a real bit of all right. I don't
mind telling you. I've money in it my
self; and it's got to go, sure as my
name's Gudden."
Brendon . detached himself good
humoredly. Mrs. White beckoned him
to her side.
She smiled grimly at the recollection
of that lunch — tea and roll at an
aerated bread shop. Sydney was watch
• ing her eagerly.
"I'm glad you're all right," he said,
"because we want you to do us a favor.
Brandon's had an awful stroke of
luck." •
"I'm delighted," she exclaimed. "Do
tell me all about it."
"He only heard this afternoon." Syd
ney continued. "An uncle in New
York Is dead and has left him loads
. of money. A lawyer has come all the
way from America about It. We want
to celebrate, and we want you to help
us. Brendon suggests supper at the
Carlton. We meant to make it din
ner and a theater, but you were not
at home." /
Anna shook her head dubiously.
"It is ever bo nice of you to have
waited," she said, "but you know the
arrangement we made. Shares in ev
erything, and — "
"But this Is an exception, surely,"
Sydney protested. "Besides, you in
sisted upon being hostess that first
evening, and this is onjy a return.
Don't disappoint Brenc%h. It's an
awful stroke of luck for him, you
know, especially as he hated the bank
so; but it'll spoil it all for him if you
don't come. He'll be quite hurt, too."
Anna hesitated. She was really very
hungry indeed.
"You are quite sure that this Is not
an excuse of Mr. Brendon's? You boys
have been so kind to me, and—"
"Positive," Sydney declared. "It's a
dead cert. I've seen the papers, and
Brendon has heaps of money already
to be going on with. You'll come,
won't you? We thought of starting
in half 'an hour's time and try for a
theater somewhere on the way."
Anna nodded.
"Delightful!" she exclaimed. "I'll
come. Run away now, please. I must ,
see if I have a gown fit to wear."
In the drawing-room below a whisper
©f Brendon's good fortune had gone
round. Miss Amelia Ellicot held out
both her hands and looked inexpressible
things Into his eyes.
"You know that I am glad," she said
to him, with- a most becoming mixture
of modesty and effusion. "I can't tell
you how glad before all these people."
She dropped her eyes and wandered
off to a remote corner of the room,
whither Brendon did not follow her.
Her mother made whispered comments
to Mrs. White on Milly's sensitiveness,
which were easily overheard by every
one in the room. Mr. Building, aban
doning a position of portly ease upon
the hearthrug, came and patted Bren
don gently on the back.
- "Let me give you a word of advice,
young man," he said solemnly. "You
will, I presume, abandon your present
occupation and enjoy a brief period of
idleness. Presently that idleness will
begin to pall. You will look about for
something to do. Go in for public life.
There is nothing more expanding, more
thoroughly satisfactory, than to serve
one's countryoJn one's leisure hours.
You will never regret it. I speak, as I
dare say you know, from experience.
For fourteen years I represented Sprox
ton uion the Worcestershire County
Council. I have only to show myself
there to-day and I am instantly recog
nized. Every man and boy in the place
touches his hat to me. That sort of
thing is always — er— most gratifying.
Of course, it is scarcely likely that you
will be able to begin your career with
the City Council; that may come by
and by; but there are minor offices in
which you may— may serve your ap
prenticeship in public life. I myself
started by being the overseer of an im
portant parish."
The Semitic young gentleman, who
had been hanging restlessly around
during the ex-County Councilor's ora
tion, laid his finger persuasively on
Brendon's coat sleeve.
"Look here," he whispered. "You're
fond of the theater and that sort of
thing, aren't you? If you care for a lit
tle flutter In a new production— there's
a gold mine in the piece, 6'help me. I
believe I could get you a fifth share.
It's a comic opera, with some ripping
songs and dances; bound to take like
wildfire. Of course, it means going be
hind whenever you like,, and you stand
O. K. with all the girls. Friend of mine
in the city's running the syndicate.
What do you say? Will you come down
and see him?" /
"I'll think about It," Brendon de
clared. "I fancy it's scarcely in my
line."
"Is this a concession to Mrs. White?"
she asked, laughing. "How gratified
she must have been! If only I had
known I would have made an effort
to get home in time for dinner."
"Not exactly," he answered nervous
ly. "Please forgive my coming up, Miss
Pellissier, but you have not been down
to dinner for three nights, and—
Brendon and I— we were afraid that
you might be unwell."
"Never better in my life," f Anna de
clared briskly. "I had lunch very late
to-day, and I did not get home in time
for dinner."
"And that one thing," Anna said to
herself softly, as she leaned for a mo
ment back in her chair, "is how to pay
my next week's bill to Mrs. White. It
ought not to be much. I have gone
without dinner for three nights, and—
come in."
Sydney Courtlaw followed his timid
knock. Anna raised her eyebrows at
the sight of him. He was in evening
dress: swallow-tailed coat and white
tie.
some measure the keeper of my ways
you force me to remind you of our
last interview and the answer which
I gave you. You must please consider
that, for the present at any rate, as
final. It is enough for me to say this,
is it not?
"Some day I will amuse you with
an account of my life here. Just now
I am not in the humor for letter-writ
ing. Sydney is a dear boy and has been
very kind to me indeed. Don't
write again Just yet. Letters are
always a distraction as well as a
solace. Just now I want to concentrate
myself and my thoughts upon one
thing, and one thing only. Ever yours.
"ANNA."
THE SAN: FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
4THOSE who cherish among the
memories of a year's reading a
high regard for Mrs. Mary Aus
tin's delicate pastel of desert life
"The Land of Little Rain," will wel
come as the companion piece to that
book the little volume that comes, pri-
A DESERT MIRAGE
WHICH LURES
TO DEATH.
OUR fathers used , to read "Brake
speare; or the Romance of a Free
Lance," with as much avidity
as they did "Ivanhoe" or "Wood
stock"; to-day* it would probably.- be
safe : In the . limbo of forgotten things
were it not \ttiat ; some 'enterprising
publishers have * seen in it the ; quallf
ties" that' make ; the , historical ) novel ' of
the hour^ so; attractive; and brought it
out for (> the r 4 new ¦" generation .of i read
ers."^ George j, A, .'' Lawrence, ¦ a writer
by his "Guy Livingstone," was the au
thor. .
With a questionable alacrity in im
puting the charge of plagiarism,; the
publishers have seen, fit to open the
book with a little note, calling atten
. tion to the fact— as they view It — of
the sponsorship of "Brakespeare" to
the works " of several living novelists.
After reviewing all of the recent ro
mances that have the middle ages for
a background we can find but one that
; In any way carries about It the taint
of ' the' suspicion thus cast — that one,
Sir Conan Doyle's "White Company."
True that Sir John. Hawkwood, the
historic captain of , free companies. ,
figures both in "Brakespeare" and
"The White Company," as do also Ber
trand du Guesclin and Lord Audley,
famous fighters, in their day. But it is
plain v- to > be seen \ that - Froissart," the
standard 'contemporary historian of
the time, was the well spring of both
the", romances and to lay 'the charge
y of, plagiarism, at the; door of the one
last availing himself of ; the sources is
rash' at ; least, if , not ' unfair. '
- : Bq-taat as it may. Lawrence - dld^
one In America spelling their name
in Just that way. Still another branch
of the family was heard from in Cali
fornia, and now it looks as though
there migtit be a reunion of the Hol
ladays, ~ if this • sort . of thing keeps
on. - Mr. ¦ Stevenson was not aware
that the name was an' especially pe
culiar one, although*. he never knew
any one named" Holladay, but evolved
It, after some experimenting, as at
tractive arid easily : pronounced. Tlft
story,; of which Miss 'Frances Holla-
OLD DAY AND NEW
REFLECTED IN
ROMANCE.
the story, and begged to know
whether the author had ever known
any one of that name. . Next came
a letter from a prominent lawyer of
Tennessee,' who made the same query,
stating that his family was the only
Abbott; The American Book Company,
New York; price, 60 cents.
HISTORICAL AND BIOGRAPH
ICAL NARRATIVES— Isabel R. Wal
lach; The American Book Company,
New York: price, 35 cents.
NATURE STUDY WITH COMMON
THINGS— M. H. Carter; The American
Book, Company, New York; Illustrated;
price. 60 cents.
COLLEGE ENTRANCE REQUIRE
MENTS IN- ENGLISH. 1306-1908—Com
piled and published by American Book
Company, New York; price. 80 cents.
EVENING SCHOOL TEXTS.—Stud
ies in English, arithmetic, reading and
language lessons; William E.-Chancel
lor; American Book Company, New
York; price, 30 cents each.
For the work of the evening schools
William E. Chancellor, a practical
worker in this branch of pedagogic ac
tivity, has prepared primary lessons in
arithmetic, reading and language and
English literature. In scope the texts
are sufficiently broad to convey the
scholar over the field usually covered
by night school education, while the
manner of exposition employed in them
Is so simple as to bring ready appre
hension to the' scholar.
(American /Book Company, New
York; price 3& cents.)
For primary nature studies M. H.
Carter of ' the New York Training
School for Teachers has supplied a
primer / under the title VNature
their own drawings direct from the ob
ject itself. These lessons have been
tested in the school-room and will solve
successfully the problem of an ade
quate elementary laboratory training
for the lower grades.
(American Book Company, New York;
price 60 cents.)
As supplementary reading for pupils
In the middle grammar grades James
Baldwin, the author of the Baldwin
readers, has .written. "Abraham Lin
coln." The life of the great President
13 here retold in a manner both agree
able and comprehensible to young read
ers. Mr. Baldwin has been particularly
successful In" producing a book equally
adapted ; to school and' home reading
_and free from wearisome- details ¦ and
order to bring out the conditions of
pioneer life in the West. The illustra
tions are numerous and attractive. The
volume is dedicated "To the Schoolboys
of America," and will prove of service
In Inspiring in them, by the power of
such an. example adequately portrayed,
an ardent and unselfish patriotism. ¦
(American Book Company, New York;
price 60 cents.)
lean history is treated in detail, first
with brief summaries of leading points
for the use of the Instructor in expla
nations to classes, then with questions
covering the material thus elucidated.
This, with a corresponding outline of
the history for the pupil, seems'em
inently practical. /
(Whitaker & Ray Company, Ban
Francisco; price $1 10.)
they can be -handled each in a single
recitation, even In classes where the
teacher has had no special training In
science. They are planned to set forth
what the. child can learn for himself
in one hour about the subject of the
day's study. Each Illustration tells a
story, and Is a model of arrangement
and description, to be followed by
the pupils, who are, however, to make
Burton E. Stevenson, author of
"The Holladay Case" (which Messrs.
Henry Holt & Co. have printed
five times here, which has been re
printed in England and is being
translated in Germany), has had an
amusing experience. He has received
letters from several widely separated
members of the Holladay family in
this country. The ; first letter came
to the author from a young lady in
Chicago, who expressed surprise that
a name so unusual as hers should
have been used for the heroine of
+ ILLIAM C. DOUB of Stanford
I I / University has brought out
VJL/ two little manuals which
should find ready recognition
at'- the hands of teachers.* In
"Topical Discussion of American
History" he has prepared a man
ual for the use of teachers of history
and civics In the seventh and eighth
year work, designed to lighten the
burdens of instruction by pointing the
way to a rational and consecutive line
of topical study. Each period of Amer-
FOR TEACHERS,
THESE NEW
TEXTS.
IN MINERS' MIRAGE LAND— Idah
Meacham Strbbrldge; Artemisia Book
Bindery. Los Angeles; price. $1.50.
THE BOY COURIER OF NAPO
LEON—William C. Sprague; Lee &
Shepard, Boston; illustrated; price,
U 50.
AMERICAN BOY'S LIFE OF
THEODORE ROOSEVELT — ' Edward
Stratemeyer; Lee & Shepard. Boston;
Illustrated; price. JL50. .-
GATEWAY SERIES OF ENGLISH
CLASSICS— Milton's "Minor Poems."
Coleridge's "Ancient Mariner," Addl
son's "Da Coverley Papers," Tenny
son's "Idylls of the King," Shakes
peare's "Macbeth"; edited by Henry
Van Dyke; The American Book Com
pany, New York.
ROLFE'S SHAKESPEARE — "King
Richard the Third," "Romeo and Ju
liet," "King Henry the Fifth"; edited
by W. J. Rolfe; The American Book
Company. New York.
' MAXWELL'S ELEMENTARY
GRAMMAR— William H. Maxwell; Th-j
American Book Company; New York;
price, 40 cents.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN— James Bald
win; The American Book Company,
New York; price, 60 cents.
FIRST LATIN WRITER— Mather A_
BOOKS RECEIVED.
O'Connell, O'Keefe and others have
been collected and brought together in
"Irish Literature," a work In ten hand
some, full Illustrated volumes which
will shortly be published by John D.
Morris & Co. of Philadelphia. The
world has no finer specimens of song
and story, of legend and anecdote, of
play and romance than some of the
best which the Emerald Isle can claim
as its own. The editor-in-chief is Hon.
Justin McCarthy, M. P., assisted by
Dr. Douglas Hyde, Lady Gregory.
James Jeffrey Roche, editor of the Pi
lot, Boston; Maurice Francis Egan,
professor of literature at Washington
University, with Charles Welsh, tha
biographer of John Newbery, friend
and publisher of Goldsmith, as man
aging editor.
THE best of the bon mots, or witty
sayings, contributed to Irish litera
ture by Sheridan, O'Leary. the
anecdotes and good stories of
TEACUP GOSSIP
ON WRITERS'
DOINGS.
A MONG the books of the year that jiave been counted good by common consent of the best
** critics stand three, written by zvpinen; these are "The Deliverance," Ellen Glasgow's novel
of the tobacco fields; "Sir Mortimer/?' by Mary Johnston, and Gertrude Atherton's "Rulers of
Kings." Some have been moved /o. comment upon the fact that a constantly increasing class
of zvomen writers has begun to/usurp the honors of the literary laurel, heretofore so closely
guarded by men, claiming thgft 4 the feminine mind is better capable of grasping and portraying
the significant facts of life iniheir many manifestations. For such the circumstance of these
three authors' successes pmbably comes as evidence indisputable. __.' ¦. • .
By some Ellen Glasgow's novel t "The Deliverance/' has been styled the novel par excel- •
lence of the whole yej/r; none have denied to it a fair share of distinction. In England, where
a book by an American author has to be very good to be read, extended comment lias been made
upon its power in the delineation of elemental impulses of human life. Truly, no book of re
cent years has had a wider reading. . •
Mary Johnston, the disct pie of the historical romance, has been open to less unanimous
commendation in the writing of "Sir Mortimer." On both sides of the water there have been
sharp flings <it what the critics termed the "stage play" of its romantic incident. According to
the list of /'best sellers," however, "Sir Mortimer" has kept well in the lead of the season's books.
By the vigorous expression of her views upon the "bourgeois" character of 'American
literature in a recent number of the North 'American Review Gertrude' Atherton has at least de
fined, what the failings ore inherent in our fiction. Pettiness of theme— one of the faults she
picks out— -"Rulers of Kings" certainly has not. English comment finds in it too much rampant
'Americanism to jump with the Briton's pride. It is considered Miss 'Atherton's most preten
tious work. ; - '•-
Three Women Hold High Rank Among Writers
The Century Company announces a
goodly list of fiction for this autumn-
There will be a novel by Andre Cas
taigne, and an unusual story. "The
Gray World." by Evelyn Underbill, an
English writer. Anne Douglas Sedg
wick. known through "The Rescue."
has written another piece of character
study, "Paths of Judgment." "The
Madlgans" is by Miriam "Michelson.
whose "In the Bishop's Carriage" has
been one of the season's successes; and
Gouverneur Morris' new novel is en
titled "Ellen and Mr. Man." Carolyn
Wells' "The Staying Guest" is the
story of a little girl, quaint, startling
and lovable. A new book by Ruth Mc-
Enery Stuart !3 also announced. "The
River's Children"; and "A Transplant
ed Nursery" is by Martha Kean. the
tale, from personal experience, of an
American family summering In Brit
tany.
Studles^With Common Things." Tho
object of thi3 book is to teach young
pupils how to observe nature, to learn
to answer the question "What is it?"
as a preparation for the future ques
tion, "Why is it?" The subjects of
the lessons are fruit3 and vegetables,
which can be readily and economically
obtained for study. The lessons are
so arranged and of such length that
sectional prejudice. Tne ouok Is more
than an ordinary', biography, as It em
braces much of 'thfe most Important
parts of the history of our country
from the close of/ the Revolution to the
end of the Civil .War. = ' Considerable
space is given to Lincoln's' boyhood, in
ot some distinction in the middle of
the Victorian era of English literature,
and best known to his contemporaries
The Macmillan Company's autumn
anouncement list, just out this week,
contains accounts of the chief books
which that firm will publish between
now and Christmas, Including the fol
lowing books of special interest: Jack
London's first long novel, "The Sea
Wolf," which has been the most widely
read and discussed serial of the year;
Marion Crawford's new novel of mod
ern Rome and Sicily, whose title i3
taken from the well-known biblical
quotation beginning, "Whosoever Shall
Offend"; Miss Gwendolen Overton's new
novel, "Captains of the World," the
first of a series of unconnected studies
of modern American life and condi
tions; Robert Herrlck's story about the
architect who tried to escape "The
Common Lot" of mankind and to enjoy
the special privileges of wealth; "Sa
brina Warham," by Laurence Hous
man, the author of "An English Wom
an's Love Letters": "Traitor and Loy
alist," a stirring blockade runner story
by Henry K. Webster; James Barnes*
account of "The Unpardonable War"
between England and the United States
some years hence, and other new novels
by William Stearns Davis. Oulda, Mark
Lee Luther, Upton Sinclair, Foxcroft
Davis and Dr. John Williams Streeter,
who wrote "The Fat of the Land," as
well as a volume of short stories of tha
American stage entitled "Players and
Vagabonds," by Miss Viola Roseboro.
The first installments «>f two serials
mark the September number of the
Critic; the one dealing with "The Lit
erary Life," by Laurence Hutton. and
the other beginning a series on the cost
ot living in Europe, by Mrs. Alfred
Sidgwlck. with a review of German
domestic conditions. Mrs. Sidgwick's
v.ork was prepared with special refer
ence to the English reader antl appears
fn the Cornhill Magazine of Lqndon as
well as in the Critic. Coming to the
Critic shortly after the author's death
the seven Laurence Hutton papers
fcrm a gossiping narration of his con
nection with literary persons and places
from the time of his first report of
"The Readings of Charles Dickens,"
published in 1S63 in the Red Hook Jour
nal. .
The best thing in the book is the
sketch of "Old Man Berry." Here the
author gives a breathing picture of one
who had reached his four-score years
but who was still on a feverish hunt
for that lure that had been so many
times Just within the fancied reach of
his hand. This indomitable old pros
pector — crazy, some would call him—
who is as willing to bend his withered
hands to the taming of a fractious colt
as he is to court death In the desert, is
a type that should live in c piece of fic
tion, so virile is he made in the few
sketch ljnes blocked out by Mrs, Stro
bridge.
For those who have a sense quick
ened to the possibilities of fiction the
recital of the myths concerning the
Hardln silver, "Forman's Find" or the
"Three Little Lakes of Gold" brings
instant response. These tales of lost
treasure, each with Its grisly record cf
death and privation and year-long de
spair, have in them strong possibilities
for more serious treatment, which the
author should embrace. Her manner of
telling is dramatic; the narratives
themselves are intensely fascinating.
Though marred occasionally by a
straining after effect. Mrs. Strobridge's
style Is quite commensurate with the
charm of the subject she has elected to
portray. When she has to reproduce
before us some of the weird beauty of
sculptured hills and purpled skyline she
makes a choice of phrase and meta
phor at times impressive.
Briefly, in subject matter, in diction
and even in artistic handiwork of bind
ing, Idah Meacham Strobridge's collec
tion of sketches Is one of the most en
tertaining books that have been writ
ten In the West this year.
(The Artemisia* Bindery, Los Ange
les; price 51 BO.)
"If you love the desert and live in
It, and lie awake at night under Its
low-hanging stars, you know you are
a part of the pulse-beat of the uni
verse, and you feel the swing of the
spheres through space and you hear
through the silence the. voice of God
speaking."
"In Miners' Mirage Land"— that
means to the author the land of vis
ions, the land of wild dreams wherein
men's minds are clouded with the aura
of golden imaginings. Just as the
thirst ridden traveler may vainly pur
sue the vision of lapping waters across
miles of shifting wastes so do these
seekers of the glittering promise make
of their lives but tke record of cease
less grasping at the skirts of a fortune
always ahead but always smiling. The
writer finds that the desert trick of
the mirage manifests itself as surely
in the minds of men as In the actual
phenomena of the quivering heat
waves.
vaieiy printed, from the pen of Idah
Meachani Strobridge; its name, "In
Miners' Mirage Land." Encroaching In
no way upon Mrs. Austin's province — •
desert still life and the creatures of
the sandy wastes— this last volume o'f
wilderness lore but broadens the field
by Its more detailed, treatment of the
humankind of sagebrush land. The
mystery of the great unwatered reaches
of the West is in each the fundamental
motive. The lady who wrote about
the little town of the grapevine down
en the edge of the Mohave shows us
the men of the desert steeped in the
subtle influence of the barrens until
quiescence wraps them in a mantle of
something almost akin to fatalism;
Idah Meacham Strobridge follows the
mad striving, the restless battling of
desert dwellers, trying ever to wreak
fortune from the veiled genius of their
parched abiding places.
This writer, whose name Is not an
unfamiliar -one to old readers of The
Call, is a true daughter^of Nevada
she has the typical Nevtda love for
the land that seems all too wearisome
from the coaches of the train. To her
the desert is as the Cumaean Sibyl
whose books are only to b"re»d by the
elect- Here is its charm:
Of course, the everlasting talk of
dollars which the painter heard on all
sides of him and in hours seemly
and otherwise Impressed him as
•worthy of comment, and. naturally so.
We ourselves are ready to admit that
"dollars" comes to the tip of the
American tongue more handily than
any other word and we are equally
ready to deplore the fact did only such
acknowledgment of our falling bring
anything of betterment with It. Fur
thermore Burne-Jones seems to see a
natural correlation between the craze
of money getting and the treatment of
our women. Says he:
The women seem better able to
cope with the situation (the amassing;
ef great wealth) and find no difficulty
In spending the money their fathers
and husbands have spoiled their
lirtM in acquiring. And, as a rule, the
men are content that this should be
so. There is something very remark
able, something a bit pathetic, about
the attitude of the American men to
their women folk. They are anxious
for them to hare a 'good time'— the
good time that they cannot and will
not arrange for themselves."
At times this genial sightseer lapses
Into the strictly scientific mood of
austere Investigation and treats of our
idiosyncrasies as If he were adding
to & thesis upon anthropoid apes In
Sarawak. Witness this, from a dell
clooslr British standpoint:
"The peanut Is a very favorite
article ef light and occasional food
frr^f the poorer people, the stalls
for its sale presided over by Italians,
etc." And again: "It is commonly
called "Peacock Row/ or 'Rubber
Neck Row* — a *rubber neck* being an
eager, craning* busy sort of a neck,
which is supposed to bo possessed to
a noticeable extent by the occupant*
ef these chairs.**
Newport society cam* nearer Kick
enlng the author than any ether of
our social phenomena. "Indeed they
are like spoiled children," is Burne-
Jones* comment upon its members,
"surfeited -with excitement, yet always
hungering for more; there Is some
thing pathetic about the Incessant un
rest of them."
Thus the author-painter's views un
wind themselves — some heavy with
good, sound sense, some laughable In
their childlike ingenuousness. Bitter
only once, and that with good cause,
end against the yellow Journals, ready
to gloss our faults rather than pin
them with scorn. Sir Philip Burne-
Jones is not an unwelcome commenta
tor.
(D. Appleton & Co., New York;
Illustrated; price $1 25.)
F we are a bit late with a review
| of Sir Phillip Durne-Jones' "Dol
[ lars and Democracy" it Is because
J[ we felt It necessary that the sen
timents therein expressed -be al
lowed ample time to Eimmer and
effervesce In our understanding be
fore attempting a dispassionate con
sideration. For. rnnxk you. this is one
cf those collected opinions of an Eng
lishman upon things American, a
sport of the literary muse fraught
with danger to the author and the
reader since Charles Dickens deliver
ed himself of the biting sarcasm in
"Martin Chuzzlewit." Dickens en
deavored to make amends by his sub
sequent "American Notes," with only
partial success, for we Americans are
thin skinned If nothing else. So, If
we are behindhand let it be consider
ed the part of discretion and of all
fairness.
After all the English painter came
over here, not with any preconceived
prejudices, but with a mind clean as
a elate and ready to receive impres
sions. He did receive many; some flat
tering to ourselves, others distinctly
the contrary. Added to the typical
conservatism of the British mind
were the finical delicacies of the
artistic sense — & double handicap, cer
tainly not to be considered auspicious
for our fair appearance in his eyes.
But even under the astigmatic ten
dencies of these two lenses of birth
and profession. Sir Philip saw very
much as you or I would see were we
suddenly introduced into the rush of
New York and the tinsel of Newport
from a foreign land.
Burne-Jcnes smelt New York be
fore he came to Fire Island — this was
the delicate artistic sense stirring
rithin him. He declares that it was
not an unpleasant odor, but one dis
tinctive enough to be recognized, even
if encountered in the uttermost ends
of the earth. Then, in a little while
he heard New York, dinning up to the
high heavens", and the noise soon be
came an ever-present irritation to him.
Again the artistic, the esthetic. But
the pure British of him asserts itself
in the author's evident surprise at the
uniform cleanliness of New York's
denizens. Everybody seemed to be
"well tubbed," neatly clothed — and
the tubs themselves! First of the three
things which Burne-Jones knows he
will miss in England is his "beautiful
snow-white tub, with its silver fit
tings and perennial supply of hot
water and cold."
VIEWS ABOUT
• AMERICA,
Harry Leon Wilson, whose new novel,
"The Seeker," is published by Double
day, Page & Co., has had a varied
career sftce his boyhood on an Illinois
farm. He was a printer, a newspaper
reporter in California with an ambition
to write a history, and a western rail
road man when he was beginning to be
recognized as a literary writer. He be
came associate editor and later # ?ditor
of Puck. His first novel, "The Spend
ers," was an immediate success and
gave promise of an even greater
achievement. "The Seeker" deals In
a most fcrceful way with some ex
ceedingly vital problems of modern life
and thought. Now Mr. Wilson has a
summer home in New Hampshire and
a winter home in the Ozark Mountains
of Missouri, forty miles from a railroad.
"Crecy," by Edith Lawrence, Is a
pretty little tale of the Revolution,
rather stereotyped, to be sure, bi^t
capable of providing a good two hours'
pleasure. The author, realizing no
doubt that the story of the winsome
colonial lassie and her British lover has
been told many times,- seeks to furbish
up the old type stock by a change in
the manner of the telling. In the form
of a series of letters between the vari
ous characters of her story Miss Law
rence finds conveyance for the romance
a bit cumbersome at times and prolific
of a certain lack of continuity.
Crecy, whose bona fide portrait from
the brush of Stuart graces the frontal
page, is as wild a blade as one would
meet in a month of Sundays. The first
of her letters shows her berating her
Quaker cousin and affianced husband,
Nathaniel Darrach, for his policy of
non-resistance, pursued steadfastly in
the face of the invasion of the British.
Th'en we find her confiding in Cousin
Peace Darrach the details of a little
affair of the heart with a young red
coat cornet of the English forces who
presses his suit with far more stead
fastness than the cause of his coun
try.
With all of the characters introduced
thus through their own written words
the tale proceeds to unravel its length
through mingled cloud and sunshine of
war and frolicking. Crecy gets into
the net pretty deeply with her young
Britisher, her Quaker cousin turns
fighter and her own brother has the
bad grace to turn traitor and spy. At
the midnight revel of the Hessians at
Trenton Crecy's father, resolute Friend
though he is, acts as the one to signal
when the Continentals should fall to
the slaughter. Then enters Washing
ton upon the scene and remains to the
fore throughout the rest of the story
a3 arbiter both of life and love. At
the end Crecy's rampant patriotism eo
far adjusts itself as to admit of. her
marrying her British lover and pre
sumably "living happy ever after."
Like nearly all of the colonial stories
this book attempts a near view of
Washington.'with results not altogeth
er satisfying. It is hard to believe that
with the manifold worriments of an
adverse campaign vexing him without
cease the great general could devote
hours of his time to the settlement of
the love affairs of a girl, even of a
Crecy.
(F. M. Buckles & Co., New York;
price $1.) L
Though the then lately fashionable
Childe Harold pessimism must have
had its Influence upon this author of
the late fifties, guiding his pen to
strokes invariably . of the darkest.
"Brakespeare" shows an erudition in
things antiquarian scarcely possessed
byso-called historical novelists of the
day. The word of the ancient chron
icles is strictly adhered to throughout
the tale and the spirit of those far
off times of Poitiers and Crecy vividly
reproduced.
(F. M. Buckles & Co., New York;
illustrated; price Jl.)
not make half so livening a tale out
of his Froissart as did Doyle. Though
in the recital of Brakespeare's adven
tures as a wandering mercenary, we
are plied with battle, siege and sudden
death quite to the fill, the hero Is al
ways trailing his crest in gloom, al
ways rebelling against hard, hard fate
by giving over to a discord with the
tune of things. As we remember "The
White Company" from a reading of
many years ago, a much more exhilar
ating spirit of diablerie and reckless
good humor characterized- the doings
of Doyle's hardy bowmen. They fought
with a laugh.
day Is the heroine, deals. It win be
remembered, with a Wall street mys
tery, the scenes shifting afterward to
an ocean steamer and to France. : .f.:~
¦ THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
WRITERS AND THEIR
WORKCAMPAIGNS
AND
CAMPAIGNING
There is something exhilarating about
a campaign. Whether the object be to
elect a President or conquer a nation,
or endow a university or win a wife.
Its prosecution arrests attention, and
makes the 1 blood tingle. We admire the
picturesque features, forecast the out
come, and let. our sympathies go out to
the party whom we consider best en
titled to win. • No summer can be utter
ly dull when a vigorous campaign ia
proceeding; no one can be wholly j inert
and -impassive when somewhere in the
world there is the. shock of contending
arms, the bugle summons to heroic en
deavor, the stern pursuit of some great
goal. ... :
But there. are certain, moral consid
erations involved . In campaigns.': One
may be summed , up in, this injunction:
Be fair to your opponent. Party pre
judices do not,' as a rule, foster a strict
sense ¦ of justice. : It .. is so much * easier
to misunderstand ' and misrepresent
your opponent than ' to state his posi
tion . clearly and honestly; so . much
easier to asperse the motives of the
other fellows than ; to ¦ admit ¦ that • many
of them . may be . as .honest and patri
otic ' as ourselves. bred In
the bone, in particular, find it hard to
conceive of an action 'as [ever being
done without regard to Its political ef
fect. But: surely: it Is conceivable that
a man running for office may write a
letter, or/ send a telegram, at the dic
tates of , simple duty; and honor,' and
not because he • hopVs ' to subserve '. his
personal' interests by it. How little,
after, all, the conventional .politician
understands the " inbred .' instinct . of
Americans i for . fair play, and ¦¦ straight
dealing! ¦ But whenever a man 'in 'pub
lic life, like ¦¦ Mr. / Jerome or '• Mr. : Folk
moves i forward - on . the • sheer merits of
his cause and regardless of . the' reflex
influence i on himself , he stands to' lose
rather than gain ¦ in * the ' public • esti
mate. ..•.-• • :
Another,, rule for campaigners is to
keep the ¦ main . issue in... sight. The
temptation is, to spend time and effort
over minor concerns, rather than go
straight to the heart of the matter. Tha
manly way Is to . set forth In bold,
strong colors the object of your cam
paign, to define sharply the difference
between you and your competitor, if
there is any difference on vital points,
and to adhere tenaciously to that cen
tral objectl ' Before a man can get my
vote for his candidate, I want him to'
tell me in clear,' terse language, why he,
of all men on the earth at this time,
ought to have It. General Grant used
to say: "I do not care to know so
much where . the x eriemy Is going to
strike;, what I want to know is where
I am going to strike." •
It- is .well jalso to remember that
campaigns .are , won by substantial
methods. Transparencies and pro
cessions, opening guns and . closing
rallies, banners and buttons, the" flood
off oratory and various devices known
to managers for enlisting popular in
terest are all well enough so far as they
go, .but ; . redoubts . at .' Gettysburg
were won at the point of the bayonet
and ; in- no other way. The .American
people is more and. more disposed to
take its politics seriously,, to respond
sooner Ao :, logical ; argument , and sane
appeal, ; rather than , to . the flimsy ex
pedients for manufacturing party cap
ital.;
Finally, we ought all to learn to
keep cool during campaigns. What
ever- the : outcome ' we ' shall have to go
on= living after they/ are over* and
whether \ the ; result accords with our
desires and; efforts, we may well, be
lieve * that . the universe is not going to
smash. , "Why so ¦ hot. little man,", ex
postulates. Carlyle," with -.one - whoiwas
wrought up i to ¦ fever . heat: over ; some
matter. 1 Party * loyalty, cl vie - ; enthusi
asm, glorying In this or that cause are
legitimate and desirable, 'but they need
not ; rob us of ¦. our . serenity, ¦ our » good
temper and our - faith in overruling
Providence. THE PARSON.
"No English contemporary profession
has left us work so full of living
fire." ' ¦ -
For once, and in this particular In
stance, Accursed Eve in literature has,
in such a verdict, won her^ merited
honors. ":¦"'.
But as a . rule honors are withheld
from her and the laurel Is. filched from
her brows by Coward Adam ere she
has time to wear it. One flagrant
case is well known, of a man who,
having lived entirely on a woman's
literary earnings for years, went about
in the clothes . her ¦ pen had paid for,
among the persons to whom, through
her Influence, he had been introduced,
boasting that he assisted her to write
the- greater part of her books. To
their shame, be it said, a great many
people believed him, and not until he
was dead, and the woman went on
writing her books as before, did they
here be chronicled. Of how many books,
bearing a woman's name on the title
page is it said, "Her husband helped
her," or "She got Mr. So-and-So to
write the descriptive part!" George
Eliot has often been accused of being
assisted in her novels by Mr. Lewes
A little incident— touching enough to
my mind— is related in the memoirs of
Charlotte Bronte. After her marriage
and when she ,\vas expecting the birth
of a child, she was reading some of
the first chapters of an Intended new
novel to her husband, who. as he lis
tened, said in that peculiarly encour
aging way common to men who have
gifted women to deal with, "You seem
to be repeating- yourself. , You must
take care not to repeat yourself." Poor
little soul! She never "repeated" her
self—she just died. No one can tell
how her husband's thoughtless phrase
may have teased or perplexed her sen
sitive mind, in a critical condition of
health, and helped to hasten the fatal
end. Edward FitzGerald's celebrity as
a scholar Is not, and never will be wide
enough to blot out from remembrance
his brutal phrase - on • hearing of the
death of Elizabeth Barrett Browning—
"Mrs. Browning is dead. Thank God
we shall have no more Aurora Lelghs."
While, far more creditable to Alger
non Charles Swinburne than his phrase
of himself now unfortunately affixed
to -the newly collected edition of his
works, Is the praise he bestows on this'
noble woman-genius in his preface to
her great' poem. I quote 'one line of it
here— . .'. v
ones with the most engaging frank
ness. The "subtil" ones naturally take
every, advantage of her and some of
them put a stopgap on her efforts if
they can. A good - many people in
London know privately the sto'ry of a
certain ; beautiful woman in society
who composed an admirable opera
and played the melodies of it over to
a . third-rate musician, who professed
to be her lover. The third-rate rascal
stole all her music and produced the
opera as his own. She had no remedy,
as to br|ng the matter before the law
would have necessitated making pub
lic the intimacy between her and the
robber of her ideas. So she held her
peace; and of her broken heart and
ruined hopes the world at large Is
ignorant. But no wonder that like
the hero of Swinburne's "Triumph of
Time" she says she "will hate sweet
music her whole life long."
How many times men have tried to
steal away the honor of a woman's
name and fame in literature. need not
Accursed Eve! Still she loves— to
find herself fooled and cheated: still
she hopes, even while hope eludes her
still she waits, for what she may never
win— still she prays prayers that may
never.be- answered — still she rears the
men « of the future, wondering per
chance whether any of them will ever
help to do her Justice— will ever place
her where - she should be as the ac
knowledged queenly "helpmeet" of her
stronger but less enduring partner!
Beautiful, frail, trusting, loving Ac
cxirs'ed Eve! She bends beneath the
curse — but the clouds are lifting— there
Is light in the sky of her future dawn!
And it may be that a worse malediction
than the on© pronounced in Eden will
fall. on those who make her burden of
life heavier to bear!
If their instinctive efforts have been
met with cruelty, oppression, neglect,
desertion and sometimes the most
heartless and cowardly betrayal, they
can scarcely b« blamed if they play
the same tricks on the unloving, dis
loyal churls for whom they have per
haps sacrificed the best part of their
lives. For innocent faith and trusting
love are the best part of every woman's
life; and when these are destroyed by
the brutalizing touch of. some Coward
Adam the woman may well claim com
pensation for her soul's murder.
even besln to see tne wrong tney had
done her. They would not have dared
to calumniate the false boaster as they
calumniated the innocent hard work
er. . Tke boaster was a man — the
worker a woman— therefore the dis
honor of passing off literary work not
one's own must naturally belong to
Accursed Eve, so they thought— not to
Coward Adam! Of their humiliation
when all the truth was known, history
sayeth nothing.
Yet, with all the weight of her curse
more or less upon her, and with all
her sorrows, shattered ideals, wrecked
hopes and lost loves. Accursed Eve is
still the most beautiful, the most per
fect figure In all creation. Her fail
ings, her vanities, her weaknesses, her
sins, arise in the first place from love
— even if afterward, through Coward
Adam's ready encouragement, they de
generate into vice and animalism. Her
first impulse in earliest youth la a
desire to please Adam — the same im
pulse precisely which led her to offer
him the forbidden apple in the first
days of their mutual acquaintance.
She wishes to charm him — to win his
heart — to endear herself to him In a
thousand tender ways — to wind her
self irretrievably round his life. If
she succeeds in this aim 'she Is Invari
ably happy and virtuous. But if she
Is made to feel that she cannot hold
him on whom her thoughts are cen
tered — if his professed love for her
only proves weak and fals« when put
to trial — if he finds It easy to forget
both sentiment and courtesy, aad is
quick to add Insult to injury, then all
the finer and more delicate emotions
of her nature become warped and un
strung — and though she endured her
Bufferings because she must, he re
sents it and takes vengeance when she
can. Of resentfulness against wrong
and revenge for Injustice come' what
are called "bad women." Yet I would
humbly venture to maintain that even
these "bad" were not bad In* the first
Instance. They were born in the usu
al way, with the usual Eve impulse —
the desire to please, not themselves,
but the opposite Sex.
flea personages who have, recently ;been
making somewhat of a bear-garden of
the House of Commons;.' /That * she
would make a good M. P. vwere she a
man I am quite sure, but as a woman
I know she "goes one better" in becom
ing the wife of an M. P.
•Accursed Eve! .Mother of the
World! What high thing does she
seek?- Mother of Christianity itself,
she stands before u?,' si figure symbolic
of all good, her Holy Child in her
arms, her sweet, musing, prayerful
face bending over it in gravely lender
devotion. From her- soft breast
humanity springs renewed — she rep
resents the youth, the hope and love
of all mankind. Wronged .is she has
been, and as she often still is, her
patience never fails. Deceived, she
"mends her broken shell with pearl"
and still trusts on. Her sweet credu
lousness is the same as it ever was — •
the "subtil" one can always overreach
her through her too ready confidence
iu the. Idea that "all things work to
gether for good." Her "curse" is the
crime of loving ' too well- — believing
too much. Should a "subtil" one say
he loves her, she honestly thinks he
dees. When, he turns out, as often
happens in some cases, toebe looking
after her money rather than herself,
she can scarcely force her mind to
realize that he is not so much a hero
as a cad. ' When she has to earn- her
own living in any of the artistic pro
fessions she will frequently tell all her
plans, hopes and ambitions to "subtil"
that in those early periods of civiliza
tion, when literature and art were just
dawning upon the world, man, though
aggregating to his own ego nearly
everything in the universe, paused be
fore representing himself as a figure or
justice, mercy or wisdom. He evident
ly realized his unfitness to stand, even
in marble, before the world as a sym
bol of moral virtue. He therefore, with
a grace which well became him in
those "pagan" days, bent the knee to
all noble attributes of humanity as rep
resented in woman. Her fair face, her
beauteous figure, greeted him in all his
sacred temples of worship— as Venus
and Diana &ht smiled upon him— as the
goddess of Fortune or Chance, she ac
cepted his votive wreaths— as Fame or
Victory she gave him blessing when
ever he went to war or returned in tri
umph from the field— and all this was
the erabrvo or shadowing-forth of wo
man's higher future and better possi
bilities, when the days of her long and
cruel probation should be accomplished
and her "curse" in part be lifted. There
are signs and tokens that this happy
end is in sight. Accursed Eve is be
ginning to have a good time. And the
only fear now is lest she should over
strp the mark of her well-deserving
liberty and run headlong into, license.
For Eve, with or without cause, is nat
urally impulsive and credulous, and be
ing too often forgetful of the little in
cident which occurred to her in the
matter of the tree of good and evil, is
still far too prone to listen to the be
guiling of "subtil" personages worse
"than any beast of the field which. the
Lord hath made."
Accursed Eve, having broken several
of her old-time fetters and beginning to
feel her feet as well as her wings, just
now wants a word in politics. As one
of her cursed daughters, I confess I
wonder that she should wish to put
herself to so much unnecessary trouble,
seeing that she has the whole game- in
her- hands. Politics are generally
hustled along by Coward Adam— unless
by rarest chance Brave Adam, his twin
brother, suddenly steps forth unexpect
edly, when there ensues what is called
a "collapse of the government." In any
question, small or great. Accursed Eve
has only to offer Coward Adam the ap
ple and he will eat It. Which metaphor
implies that even in politics, If she only
moves him round gradually to her own
views In that essentially womanly , way
which," while • persuading,' seems not to
persuade, he is bound to yield. Person
ally.speaking, I do not know any man
who Is not absolutely under the thumb
of at least one woman. . And I will not
believe that there Is any woman so fee
ble, so stupid, so lost to the power and
. charm of her own individuality, as not
to-be able "to Influence quite half -a
, dozen men. This being the case, what
does Accursed Eve want with a vote?
If she is so unhappy, so ugly, so repul
sive, so deformed in mind , and man
ners as to have no influence at all on
any creature of the male sex whatever,
neither father, nor brother, nor uncle,
nor cousin, nor lover, nor. husband, nor
friend — would the* opinion of such a one
be 1 of any consequence or her .vote of
any .value? I assert nothing— I only ask
the question. , .. , r
Speaking personally as a woman, ¦ I
have no politics and want none. I only
want the British empire to be first and
foremost in everything, and I tender, my
sincerest - homage to all the : men . of
every, party .who will honestly, work to
.- ward that end. These .being . my senti
ments, I deprecate • any strong separate
parliamentary attitude on the part of
' Accursed -" Eve. ¦ . I say ' she has much
better, wider work to do .than take part
In tow r rows • with the. rather undignl-
Kop>ri£t>i. i'JC-J. k> Ccui.#_. ..^ws and Tress
J^changc
WHEN the masculine Serpent,
"who was more subtii than
any beast of the field which
the Lord had made," tempted
tlie moiher or mankind to eat of the
u.i bidden irult, the Voice in the Garden
&aid to her, "I will greatly multiply
thy sorrow!" It can scarcely be denied
thai this curse has teen fulfilled. So
:n«inifoU] and incessant have been the
sorrows of Iranian since the legendary
;ucount of the creation of the world
iuat one cannot help thinking the whole
business somewhat u;ifair, if— for
merely being * b^sruiled" by a beast of
i he field who was known to b* more
'".subtil" than any other, and afterward
btiiijj "given away" by Coward Adam —
live «r.u all the descendants of her sex
should foe compelled to suffer centuries
of toiture. The injustice is manifestly
crue! and arbitrary— yet it would seem
to havi? followed poor Accursed Eve
Uoin ihea till now. "I will greatly
ir.ultiply iby sorrow!" And sorrow has
be?n !nui.;;*!!ed to such an aggravated
and liaiiy-mut; client upon her un
fortunate Usjul that in the Jewish
• liuul to t ".i:s very day there 13 a part
ol the ierWv-c '..herein the men, stand
ing in the -Ji ssence of women, indi
vidually r~iy: "I thank the», O God, for
not havinji n:.Je me a woman!" thus
deliberately insulting, in thsir very
house of worship, the sex of their
inuthers!
But from the earliest times, if we
are to accept historical- testimony, the
Jo^s of the ancient world appear to
iia.\o treated women in the majority as
"Sornrthin*; wcrser than their dug. a.
little lower than their horse." Save and
except those rare cases where the Jew
ish woman suddenly found out her
latent powers and employed them to
ad%'ar.tagre, the Jewish man made her
ietch and carry for him like a veritable
b.'ast of burden. He yoked her to his
plow with oxen — he • sold and ex
changed her with his friends as freely
as any other article of commerce — his
"base uses" of her were various, and
seldom to his credit — while, such as
they were, they only lasted so long as
they satisfied his immediate humor.
When done with she was "cast out."
The kind of "casting out" to which she
was subjected Is not always explained.
But It may be taken for granted that
In many Instances she was either killed
outright, or turned adrift to die of star
vation and weariness. The Jews in
their Biblical days were evidently not
much affected by her griefs. They'
were God's "chosen" people— and " that
women were the mothers of the whole
•'chosen" race appeared to call for' no
claim on their chivalrous-tenderness or:
consideration.
Looking back through the vista, of
time to that fabled Eden, when she
listened to the tempting of the "sub
til" one, the wrong* and injustices en
dured by Accursed Eve . at the hand
of Coward Adam make up a calendar
of appalling, almost superhuman crime.
Man has taken the full license allowed
him by the old Genesis story,, which, by
the way, was of course' Invented by
man himself for his own convenience.
"Thy desire shall be to thy husband
and he shall rule over thee." And
'among all tribes, and in all nations he
has ruled, with a rod of Iron! The
Christian dispensation interfered some
what with his former, reign of tyranny,
for with the bjrth of Christ came, to a
certain extent,' the idealization and'
beatification of womanhood. The
Greeks -and Romans, however, had a
latent glimmering idea of what -.woman
in all her glory should be, and of what
she might possibly attain to In the fu
ture—for air their .grandest sym
bols of life, such as truth, beauty, jus
tice/fortune/fame, wisdom, are repre-,
sen ted by their, sculptors clothed In the
female form divine. It Is a curious fact
v ¦ - ¦-¦-•¦¦. ¦
THE SAN/ FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
ACCURSED EVE.
6"It is at this gathering," the synopsis! added, "that Ursula
Bart, a charming and unsophisticated American girl, possessed
of an elusive expression! makes her first acquaintance with' Lori
don society." ; Here you have a week's unnecessary work on the
part of the author boiled; down to its^ essentials. She 'was young.
One hardly expects' an elderly heroine. The "young" might! have
been dispensed with, especially seeing it is stated that' she: is a
girl. But maybe- this is carping. ¦ Ttyere ar.e young girls.arid old
girls. Perhaps it is as well ; to have it in .black and ; white ; she
wasryoung. She was an American young girl. ¦ There is only one
American young- girl in- English fiction: We know by heart the
uncpnvpntional things that she will do, the startlirigly_ ; original
things that she will say, tHe fresh illuminating thoughts' that will
come, to her, as clad in a loose robe ¦ of some j soft-clinging? stuff
she sits before the .fire, in the solitude of her -own roomVTpfcom
plete her, she had an "elusive expression." | .T.he days/when we
used to . catalogue our heroine's" "points" .are -past.
merly it was' possible ; .the ; man wrote, perhaps, ; some • half (a dozen
novels during the whole j of *his career. He could have :-a' ;5 dark girl
for:tlie]first,\a^
wench - for^ zthtJ third -, and . draw^you something stately" for' the*
fourth. Nowadays; ; .when|a',man;tunisout. a novel and six short
stories,orice;a year^ description has^ to be ItHs riot -the
fault of the author.:, There is not enough variety • in the; sex.' We
to the conclusion that you are virtuous." 'That's, good. I'll try
that one at to-morrow's party." She is a painstaking lady. : One
feels that, better, advised, she might have been of use in the world.
There is .a disgraceful old .peer who tells naughty stores, but
is good, at heart, arid a very rude person. . Occasionally a slangy
girl is included, -and a clergyman who stakes the heroine aside
and. talks sense to her, flavore'd "witlv epigram. All these people
talk. a mixture of Lord Chesterfield and Oliver: Wendell Holmes,
of j Heine, Voltaire^ Madame de Stael and the late lamented H. J.
Byron.- "How- they, do it beats me," as I once overheard, at a
inusic hall, a stout lady confess to' her friend while witnessing the
perforrhahep ol a troupe of contortionists calling themselves
"The Boneless Wonders of the Universe."
So, here, at the cost, of reading twenty lines, I am. landed, so
to speak, at the beginning of the seventh chapter. But for tak
ing, the trouble , to , read it through/ "for myself, my kindly guide,
the sub-editor, has spoiled, me. V You read it," I want to say to him
"Tell me what's it all about to-morrow. Who was this bounder?
Why 'did she want to sec him again? Why choose a draughty
place? Why half-past nine, o'clock at night, which must have
been an awkward time for both of them — likely to lead to talk?
Why. should I wade through three columns and a half? It's your
work. What are yon paid for?" My fear is that this sort \of
thing will lead to a demand on the part of the , public for con
densed novels. What busy man is going to spend a week of
evenings reading a book when a nice, young sub-editor is ; will
ing in five minutes to tell him the whole history. Then, there will
come a day — I feel it — when the businesslike .editor will say. to
himself: "What in thunder is the sense of my paying one man
to write a story of sixty thousand words arid another man to read
it and tell it again. in, sixteen hundred. We shall be expected;to
write, our novels in chapters not 1 exceedirig twenty . Words. Our
short stories will be reduced to the formula: - ."Little boy. Pair
of Skates. Broken Ice. Heaven 'gates."; Formerly an author
commissioned to supply 'a child's tragedy of this kind v for, say a
Christmas number, would have 'spun it out into five- thousand
words. * . V*-- -I '-\ ' ¦
Personally, *I should have commenced the previous . spring,
given the reader the summer and the autumn \to get accustomed
to the boy.- He -would: have, been a good- boy ;i the sort of toy that
.makes a bee-line for the thinnest ice. He would have lived in' a
cottage. | I could /have spread that cottage over, two pages; the
things that grew in the garden; the view from the front door. You
would have known that boy before I had done with ;hini— f-felt you
had known him all your life; his- quaint • sayings ; his childish
thoughts ; his great -longings, would have been 'impressed upon
you. The father might have had a dash of humor ia* him. ./The
mother's 1 early girlhood might have -lent itself to pretty -writing.
For. the ice we would have had a 'mysterious lake. . in*, a" wood
said to be haunted. The boy would have- loved • p' twilights to
stand on its margin.; He would have heard; strange voices'call
ing to him. Yotrwould have felt the thing jwas comings -/So much
might have been done. When T think of thaty plot -washed ' in
nine words it makes me positively angry. iAnd-.whaf.is ''to become
of us writers if this is to be the new fashion in literature? We
ate" paid] by the length of our manuscript "at- -.rates^from; haljt a
crown a thousand words and upward. In the case of fellows like
Doyle and .Kipling I am told it runs /intp; pounds. ,Hp\v are Sve
to live on novels, the serial rights of which to niost 'of* us will
work out at four and sixpence ? It can't be" done.' It is no jgood
telling me you 'can see no reason why we should live/ That's no
answer.;* That's-- silly. :"rm:-talkingplain;business, and what about
: bbok : wrights ?, Who is going tdbuy.:nove(s of ;three -plages ? :They
•xvill have to , be printed :as. leaflets and sold at a periny-a-doz&n.
This thing "is worrying rhe;^v : .- : ' : .: -'...'";- '~ ¦ ;^' : \. ¦ . .'
- Copyright," 1904, by Central Ne\vs and Press Exchange..
ased to introduce her thus: "Imagine to- yourself, dear reader, an
exquisite and gracious creature of five-foot-three. Her golden hair
of .that peculiar shade—" Here would follow directions enabling
the reader to work it out for himself. He was to pour out a glass
of/ some particular wine into sonfte particular sort of glass and
vyave it about 'before some particular soft of a light. : Or he was
to: get up at 5 o'clock on a March morning and go out into a
wood.
In this, way he could satisfy himself as to the- particular
shade of gold the heroine's hair might happen to be. Or if he
were a careless sort of reader-he 'could' save himself time and
trouble by taking ~the authors Avjord, for -it.; « Many^of them did.
"Her eyes— -." They were invariably de,ep 4n"4 liquid. They had
to be pretty "deep to hold all the odds and jends that were hidden
in'them ; sunlight and shadow, mischief, unsuspected^possibilities,
complicated emotions, strange, wild yearning. Anything we didn't
know; where else to put we safd ? was hidden in her. eyes. "Her
nose!" you; could have made it for -yourself /.but of a pen'orth
of" putty after reading our description — it was so detailed. "Her
forehead": it was ; al\vays "lo*w)and broad." . I don't; kjnow why it
was always^low. ; Maybe because the : intellectual- tieroinp was
not then popular. For ,;thc- matter of thaM; do'ubS if^he.bd really
popular now. ; 'The brainless doll, one fears, \vijhttyfitinpe for
many years to « come j to be man's ideal, woman 1 and j woman's
ideal 'of . herself for precisely the same period, one may bjp sure.
-;¦¦¦ , V "• ¦ ; . » ;.* * *. -,y. ; . ¦¦- , , t [
•The second chapter, it. appeared, transported us to Yorkshire,
where "Basil' Longlcat, a typical young Englishman, lately re
turned from/ college, resides with his widowed mother arid two
sisters. JThey .are, a delightful family." Whaf a -f'or^d of trouble
jtp both writer -and reader is herl savecj. "A typical -young Eng-
r Kshnian." ; The author "probably wrote five pages elaborating that
youth. ; The. sub-editor with five words presents 'him "jto me
clearer. ;I; see him positively glistening frohi the. effects df soap
and water. <il see his clear, blue, eye; his ;fair, <jrisp; locks, the
natural curliness of which annoys him personally, -though' alluring
to everybody else ; his _frank, winning, boyish smile. He ha*
"lately returned from college." That tells me that he is a first
class scrickcter and a first-class rower. It doesn't tell me much
about- his brain* power, I confess. -The 'description of him as a
"typical young Englishman" suggests more information in this
particular point. One assumes that the American girl, with the
"elusive expression," is going to have sufficient for both. "They
are ; a delightful family." The suti-editor docs not say so, but I
imagine the two sisters arc likewise typical young English
women. They ride and shoot, and cook and make! their own
dresses. The third, chapter is "taken " up with the humors of a
local cricket match." Thank you, Mr. Sub-Editor, I feel I owe
you gratitude. In. the fourth Ursula Bart (I was beginning to
get anxious about her) turns up again. She is staying at the
useful Lady, Mary's place in Yorkshire. She meets' Basil' by
accident one morning while riding alone. That is the advantage
of having^ an American girl for your heroine. Like the British
army: it 'goes anywhere and does anything. In ; chapter five
Basil and Ursula meet again, this time at 1 a picnic. The sub
editor Jlocs "not wish to repeat himself, otherwise he probably
would have summed up chapter, five by saying it was "Taken
up ; with, the .humors of; the. usual vpicnic"; In chapter, six some
thing happens : "Basil," retunning late one day, comes across Ur
sula Bart in a lonely part of* the moor, talking "earnestly to a
rough-looking stranger. His approach across the soft turf being
unnoticed, he cannot help overhearing Ursula's parting words: "I
must see you again. : To-morrow night at. half-past nine. In the
gateway of the ruined abbey." Who is he? And why must Ur
sula see him again at such an hour? In such a spot?
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
ON a newspaper placard, the other day, 1 saw announced
a new novel t>y a celebrated author. I bought a copy of
the paper and turned eagerly to the last page. I was
disappointed to find that I had missed the first six
chapters. The story had commenced the previous Saturday ; this
was Friday. I say I was disappointed, and so I was at first; but
my disappointment did not last long. ' The bright and intelligent
sub-editor according to the custom now in vogue, had provided
me with a short synopsis of those first six chapters, so that with
out the trouble of reading them I knew what they were all about.
"The first installment," I learned, "introduces . the reader to a
brilliant and distinguished company assembled' in the drawing
room of Lady Mary's maisonette in Park street, and much smart
talk, was indulged in." I know that "smart talk" so well. ..Had I
not been lucky in missing that first chapter I should have had to
listen to it once again. Possibly -enough of it might have been
new to me, but it would have read, I feel, so very like the old.
A .dear, sweet, white-haired lady of my acquaintance.;- is never
surprised at anything that happens. "Something very 1 much of
the 'same kind occurred," she will, remember, "one winter when
we were living in Dresden. Only on that occasion the man's
name, I think,' was Robinson." We do not like new stories— nor
write them, either. "Much smart talk is indulged in." There is
absolutely no need to ask for. more than that. There is a Duchess
who says improper things. Once she used to shock me, but now
I am too familiar with her. -She is really: a very nice woman;
she doesn't mean them; and when the heroine " is in trouble,
toward the. middle of the book, she is just, as amusing on the
side. of virtue. There Js, besides, a younger lady, whose specialty
is proverbs. Apparently, whenever she hears a proverb she writes
it down, with the idea of seeing into how -many different forms it
can be made to go. It looks clever/ As i a matter of \ fact, it is
extremely easy. "Be virtuous and you. will be happy."; She jots
down all the possible variations. -..-"Be virtuous and you will be
unhappy." "Too simple, that 'one/'she tells, herself. "Be
and your friends will be happy, if you 'are* not." Better,; but not
wicked enough. Let's try again: "Be happy, and people "will jump
ON THE NEW FASHION IN LITERATURE
7no_textmore . than stare about r with . eyes, and
mouth both open, . but as soon - as he Is
a little accustomed to the bewildering
array, of toys he is delighted with him
self and the world in general. ¦¦¦
¦ •;..¦:• .--:-¦. . •:.,..¦ ¦-.: ¦ ¦¦
After all -it takes so very Httle"_ito
• ¦ t ¦
please a child. Any new '.and pretty
. ¦ , . ¦ ¦ .. -^
toy. over which he s may. have complete
and .uninterrupted sway will generally
ao^aSdlto^the: miridlof.a photogra^
pher 'bu'cLT- a : yei-y^ s&all 1 ; attempt : . at
pleaelnir his 'Is Nweil: worth
while. :
Thegreatest difficulty - has always
come it rorai - fright. That great shining
glass contained all sorts of bad peo-
tie chap just able to cra/wlVto his
o!der brother -who is almost 1 '^grown
up.".- •'. - 1 .";. - t •*%* ; 'i '.•'''¦
This charming studio is nothing
more or less . than a great playroom
with a single window set aslant in the
ceiling to Jet in plenty of light '. \ But
here it slops; from being, like the- real
studios of the artists, for; there" isn't
a sicsle hanging relic or an alarming
array of souvenirs. Instead there Is
a great floor littered with toys of all
sorts and descriptions and like the
true artist's workshop the baby studio
ia Invariably. in a wild state of confu
sion and disorder. ; '.
Mr. Victim Is not led straight Into
the operating room and placed ln\a
chair with instructions to "look pleas
ant, please," . TJiat little scheme never
has v.crked cave, to throw. a respecta
blw baby into, ar- sprawling, kicking
atom of humanity.
•Instead of th!3-his Majesty 13 turn
* * v '
ed Ioosein a pretty room and left to
get well acquainted with his new sur
roundings. There" isn't "Be careful,
baby, you'll fall down," or, "Baby
mustn't t-ni"h_that." For once in his
life baby does : jui;t exactly . as . he
pl-asea and when he pleases... At 'first.
he is amazed, too amazed to even do
•T IS Majeety King cf the^Hous^
H-A hold Is again to the tore. Not
<*• J that he Is ever relegated to the
dark and misty past, for he
most decidedly is not, and what Is more
to the point, never will be. However!
is meant by saying that hs Is
rgain to the fore Is that inventive
ccnlus has again bowed its knee to
this Infant king of the household, and
for that matter, pretty much all the
rest of the universe besides.
Some months ago a "baby stuulo"
Jumped into beins and it was at once
declared one of (lie most unique and
important adjunct of photography. Up
to this time "taking bal»y's picture"
T.-as a task that required the patience
of Job. For no matter how hard one
tried to coax that infant terrible, the
result was invariably the same. Thai
Imp of Sauin seemed to call to mind
ail sorts nnd conditions of antics to
practice on the frantic operator and
only J»is most cJowi:IiI:e attempts could
vim even J5o r.juih as a passing smile.
i^ealJy jetting a good picture to adorn
the family album end to be shown in
years to come wlis a day's work
end the most Irving kind as well. But
ivilb this etudio all the difficulties have
Y
fiown out the wlndo^l and the opera
tor for once in his life Is in clover.
¦What Is this marvjJo'-'s l^bor saving
scheme? Exactly what its name Iia
plles — nothing more or less than a
photographic department which Is
given over solely and exclusively to
children of ell ages, from the wee lit-
pie and with a strange man .just ready
tu turn them loose there was only one
thing to do, and tliat-was.to make a
' frantic dive for mother and hide bc
¦-himi-horiali protecting petticoats. But
in: the chilli's studio tli 5s bugbear is a
thing, of the past. The camera Id con
cealed in a biff, innocent-looking book
case, or sideboard and the strange man
for some reason or other stays re
markably, near it. So,' you see, In this
fashion the operator may take quite
as many piclurea a3 "he pleases and
.for once in his lifo hi3 Highness is
, completely and . gloriously fooled. Had
he thought for one instant" that any
thing unusual was going, on — -Whew!
. AVhata disturbance there 1 would have
.beetii , - ; / *. • .1 ! ¦ -I . '¦¦'_ ¦¦..'. . s'-?
<;i * Only in this way; can a baby's plc
i tujre. be taken witli. ajiyj degree .of ,81^0
cess. r Tlieii he is jusit" as he 'appears
j-at, play : and no^Jan^r.^or.lils
." looking unnatural • or -^posyf— a»' -thins
to be avoided in all - photographs.
\Vhile he .la delving about among his
• new treasures ; and reveling In furnl-
Vtufeytbat seem3 to have been fashlon
; ed/f or • his .express benefit, ; he never
rren «o much as suspects that th«
hated photographer la cutting in his
deadly work and that he Is being pic
tured time and time again.
i There la no child that will not fall
into happy situations, particularly
when pleased. They are simple by
.nature and an operator who possesses
. a genuine love for children cannot fall
to appreciate all the little ..doings and
sayings that children alone can do and
«ay. And these unconscious, childish
moments are the ones that he must
tako advamal.'a of, for. these, are tht
pictures that show baby just *6 he
really is in the midst of his games.
Mr. Boye says: "In getting- thla
picture of Mr. Byingtoh's little daugh
ter I first tried to gain her confident:*.
That accomplished, the rost was com
paratively simple. By leaving he*
piactlcally alone she became so ab
sorbed in her new kingdom that my
presence x was gradually- forgotten.
Either that, or she regarded me as m
< necessary evil.
: * "The result is presented to you and
.you. are frankly asked If you think ths
baby studio a success or not
"So far as I am concerned It goes
.without saying that I am immeiuel/
?pleased - with the Idea. I bar* al
ways derived more genuine ple**ur»
: from, photographing these little p«o
*r!e than' in fall other branches of th«
art combined. Of course, I'm wlUlnt
¦ to 'admit that after an unusually •«-
VeVe* tussle I am almost ready to put
-up assign /no children photographed.*
but ten" to 'one the next tot will b« •
perfect jewel and all my prejudlce«
will fly to the four corners of th»
earth and I. am again ready to BifMX
by all children forever and •jrV
PHOTOGRAPHING A CHILDthen bent as far as possible in that
direction. After getting limbered up
it Is well to gently revolve round and
round, for this not only strengthens
all the muscles In the trunk, but works
the liver at an exceedingly lively pace
at the same time, and there is seldom,
if ever,_a time when this liver wring-
Ing comes In amiss.
Another exercise that doubtless all
have tried at some time or . other is
No. 4. The arms are raised from the
sides and extended to their full length
until the hands meet above the head,
palms to the front, fingers pointed up
ward, thumbs locked, right thumb in
front, and the shoulders pressed back.
Then comes the test, and a test it 1b,
too. Bend over until . the finger tips
touch the ground and remember to
keep the arms straight and the knees
rigid as well. Straighten the body and
swing the arms, extended, to the verti
cal position. At first this will doubt
less be absolutely impossible, but it
can be mastered in a short time, and
I assure you It is .well worth -the while.
6. Raise the arms to the front until
the arms-are In front of and at the
height of the shoulders. The palms
are down, fingers extended and joined
and the thumbs under - the forefingers.
Bend the trunk forward at the hips as
far as possible and swing the ¦ arms
backward, knees and arms straight.
Then straighten the trunk and swing
the arms to the forward position to the
height of the shoulders.
¦6. Place the hands on the hips. Then
lower the body and slowly separate the
knees, bending as far as is possible
with the head and trunk erect, heels
raised, with the weight of the body
rtsting upon the ball of the foot. This
Is "practically all, but the exercise is
one that is especially 'good for the
upper and lower* leg. K I
7. , This is termed -the* Balance exer
cise, as it ' teaches one ' to balance the
body and reduces the hips" at the same
it. Move the left ileg'to the front with
the knee. straight and take care to see
that the foot is \ raised » as ; high as is
possible, with i the; toes - f well depressed.
Of course. It goes; without saying that
any exercise where : instructions ¦¦:', are
¦given. only for one side means that the
opposite side Is to be exercised in pre
cisely, the I same fashion^ \ |
No. S'is an exercise that is of great
benefit to ladies in traveling upstairs
and In making- a long "> stride, for it
brings into play the largest muscle of
the body. Place the • hands upon the
hip,- raise the right leg to r the front,
then bend and elevate the knee as
far as is possible. .;. The leg from the
knee to the Instep! should be vertical:
with the toes depressed. This is con
tinued by replacing the right foot and
raising the left until the exercise is
taken in double time'. * ; ¦
Practicing spasmodically . a week or
so certainly will not have the ' desired
No s. 1 and 2 are called the circle,
of course merely for convenience. The
hands are upon the hips In all these
exercises, by the way, so that much
is taken for granted each time. This
exercise differs only Inasmuch as the
trunk is turned in all directions, to
the^ left,_ right, front and rear, and
Almost the first thing to do is to
learn certain exercises for certain
things and then to devote, say ten
minutes a dav to them, and this ten
minutes, by the way, may be at odd In
tervals if one likes, for if the exercises
are taken whenever one has time the
result is the same. Last Sunday I gave
a series of simple arm and shoulder
exercises and this week I want special
ly to dwell upon trunk exercises, for
they seem to me all Important.
Walking, as you must have guessed,
is one of them and there is one other
that cannot be practiced very well in
one's boudoir. This is 1 swimming.
Every muscle of the body Is in ac
tive working order and the sleep that
one should get immediate 1 - after is
the purest and best that one can have
and every minute is a golden one.
So much for outdoor exercise. Of
course any indoor training is. more
irksome, but it is frequently quite as
beneficial and it most decidedly should
not be left out.
Figures 1 and 2 are a splendid pair
for actual benefit. Raise the hands
and place them on the hips, fingers
to the rear, thumbs to the front and
the elbows pressed well back. Bend
the trunk forward at the hips and then
slowly raise and bend the trunk to the
rear as far as is possible. Execute
both motions slowly and without bend
ing the knees, else half the good will
be lost.
Another excellent exercise is No. 3.
The hands are thrust down full length
to begin with and the trunk is bent
to the right ap- 1 left without twisting
It or raising either heel. As you can
easily see it is practically the same
as the one above it. but the results
are vastly different and It is well
worth while to do both of them faith
fully.
will in a measure counteract these late
hours and general dissipation.
[A glimpse" of the past -and into the
future of the viticultural industry of
the United States. Read at a meeting
of the Californlu Viticultural Club at
San Francisco.] , ¦ ,
PREVIOUS to the introduction of
the Catawba Into general culti
vation, the 'more important at-,
tempts at grape growing in the
vStatis.^east of. the Rocky Mountains
had with \ Vinifera varieties and
were not. a commercial success. The
Introduction of this grape really
marked a new era in viticultural his
tory, for with it began the improving
ofour native grapes and the racing
of varieties; from them for commercial
purposes. It gave such an Impetus to
grape culture, that - ten years later
nearly 100 varieties were enumerated ;
forty years later all the States and
Territories, except four, were growing
grapes, and now there are over 100,000
well described varieties of American
grapas.
While -this ( was v occurring in th«
States east of -the Rockies, the pioneer
grape growers of California, who had.
previously' been growing the Mission
variety, turned their attention to the
introduction bfj choice European vari
eties, and .grape growing in California
as an industry began to assert itself.
How rapid for a time the progress was
are matters of comparatively recent
history.
The viticultural" - industry in this
country as such is, therefore, little over
half a century old and is as yet In it3
infancy. It has led up'to the manufac
ture of choice -wines- from American
grapes. The manufacture of sparkling
wine and unfermented grape juice has
bVen developed in' the Eastern States,
while the Pacific Coast has entered into
direct competition '/with/ the choicest
European "wines and has captured the
raisin , market . of this, country. The
industry inv this country has already
up to date divided itself into two en
tirely distinct districts. In California,
where the Vinif eras have ever found
a congenial home, these are being ex
clusively grown, and east of the
Rocky , Mountains, where previous at
tempts eeemed to indicate that Vini
feras\were a failure, the culture and
improvement of American varieties has
been as tenaciously followed. Whaka
wonderful effect surroundings have,
and -what "diversity of tastes they de
.velqp into individuals! For instance,
in Oregon, where ..quite a number of
•people have settled from States east
of the Rock)«s, the fresh grapes and
unfermented juices sold are principally
from' the States whence these people
came. In making my. rounds of
the experimental vineyards conducted
by the Government , on, the Atlantic
Coast, where the culture of Vinif eras
on resistant stock has been made an
important study, I have often invited
people to try the fruit and express their
opinion regarding the .Vinifera vari
eties grown there, arid the answer
usually is: "They are nice, but not as
good as Concord, Niagara or Dela
ware."
' Considering the youth of our indus
try, the results so far achieved are
remarkable, and we have reason to
feel proud of them. Nevertheless, we
have only made a beginning and much
remains to be done! x 4 :
v ' > Major John' Adlum, writing to Nicho
las Longworth of Cincinnati about the
Catawba, says. "In introducing this
grape into general cultivation I have
done the country ; a greater good than
if I had paid the national i debt." No
doubt he had become convinced that
for • the territory he and j Longworth
were ", familiar with . and in which they
had been trying to grow grapes the
improving of the native species was
the road to • success, when really it
means far more than this, for the.Im
i proving of our; native species rls the
problem ; -which, when, .solved. : will
make it possible to grow * grapes In
"practically, all parts of the IJnion. No'
. doubt he never .'thought that \ resistant
stock (or American varieties) would in
the near future be the- agency through
which the leading grape, districts of
the world could re-establish their vine
yards. ¦ Neither was he aware of the
immense possibility for the future there
is In* the improving of another native
American species. I refer to the Scup
pernong, which, is another case of the
survival of the fittest— a native graDe
abounding on the Atlantic Coast, from
Maryland to Florida, and along the
Gulf to Texas, which resists the phyll
oxera, is the most Immune from dis
eases of any grape species; produces
enormously,! needs perhaps^ less care
and attention than any other, and
thrives on soils almost worthless for
other purposes. It resists and adapts
Itself to climatic - conditions, which
make the- cost of producing other
grapes so costly. Nice Sauternes and
sparkling wine* have been produced
from them, and yet, strange to say.
little or nothing has been done so far
to develop and improve this species.
In it there certainly appear to be great
possibilities for the South Atlantic and
Gulf States.
According to the census of 1900.
169,055 gallons of sparkling wine were
produced In the United States. Of this
Missouri reported 2S40, California 8SS0.
Ohio 15,600 and New York 113.435. Thus
New York produced more than twice
os much as all the rest of the country
and more than twelve times as much as
California. The same year the Chau
tauqua belt alone, on Lake Erie,
shipped 8000 cars of table grapes and
made one and a half millions gallons
of dry wine and ;unfermented srrape
juice. This entire output is from Amer
ican varieties.
The, importance of American or re
sistant varieties to California viticul
ture .needs no mention from me, for
upon this so largely depends the fact
of whether or not the real wine dis
tricts of California will or will not ex
ist in the future. Realizing the gravity
of the situation in California and that
similar, conditions were liable to arise
at any time in any of the States and
Territories of the Union where Euro
pean grapes are a commercial possibil
ity, the Department of Agriculture has
located in California nine experimental
vineyards for the ' purpose of making
such investigations as are deemed nec
essary. These have been located with
special reference to a diversity of soil
and climatic, hillside, valley or destrt
conditions, nearness to and distance
from the ocean, bay and other bodies of
water, and so as to take in the raisin
and table grape as well as wine and
brandy producing districts. At these
experimental vineyards, to begin with,
four cardinal questions are to be inves
tigated:
First— Make a comprehensive test of
the resistant varieties of vines, to de
termined their adaptability to the dif
ferent vineyard soils and climatic con
ditions.
Second— To study and determine the
congeniality of Vinifera varieties to the
different resistant varieties. I
Third — To ascertain wbich varieties
are best adapted to the different local
ities.
Fourth— To afford opportunity for
testing all classes of grapes, with refer
ence to their resistance to diseases
which have been doing such serious in
jury to the vineyards, and, if found
necessary, to undertake the creation of
an entirely new class of grapes to re
sist them.
The first plantings made by the De
partment of Agriculture in the experi
mental vineyards located in California
are expected to make sufficient growth
this season so that systematic grafting
experiments will begin the coming
spring to study the congeniality as
well as the relative value of the leading
commercial varieties of grapes grown
on the coast for different purposes,
grafted on various resistant stocks.
Some observations will be made on the
relative growth and merits of resistant
varieties on different' soils under dif
ferent climatic and other conditions. The
relative rooting qualities of sixty-three
resistant varieties are being tried, with
reference to "their commercial value for
stock purposes. The plantings made to
date at the experimental vineyards are
aa follows:
Oakville— About 10 acres; 179 resist
ant varieties and 57 Vinifera varieties
on resistant stock. Cucamcnga — About
8.4 acres; 400 varieties, nearly all Vlnl
feras. Fresno— About 6 acres; 155 re
sistant varieties. Concord— About IV*
i
acres; 84 resistant varieties. Geyser
ville — About 7% acres; .73 resistant va
rieties. Lodl— About 1& acres; 63 re
sistant varieties. Uvermore — About 1
acre; 72 resistant varieties. Mountain
View — About 11-7 acres; 79 resistant
varieties. Sonoma — About 1.1 acres; 72
resistant varieties. These plantings
will be enlarged upon as rapidly as
thought necessary.
In prosecuting these investigations
the Bureau of Plant. Industry of the
Department of Agriculture has estab
lished, and Is . maintaining the abova
mentioned' vineyards; ;The f " acricul
turar experiment station of the Uni
versity of California has agreed to co
operate in the work by making sucn
analyses of soils, vines and products
as shall, upon mutual agreement be
tween the bureau and the station, be
fcund desirable or necessary.
While carrying out these Investiga
tions it is our desire to get In as close
touch as possible with all those In
terested and make the Investigations
have a direct and decided Influence
toward improvement in various ways
in the re-establishment of the vine
yards that have been destroyed
through various causes, as well as la
the new acreage planted, earnest con
sideration should be given In planting,
not only to the selection of varieties
for special purposes, but also to soils
and districts producing the best qual
ity and results for that purpose. Every
individual should determine. befora
planting, whether It is desirable to
grow table, raisin, wine or- brandy
grapes, and locate and act according
ly. Quite a number of localities have
already given proof of raisins superior
quality along particular lines; thus,
Livermore has produced choice 3au
ternes. In the Napa and Sonoma dis
tricts there are localities where spe
cially fine white wines and others
where most excellent red wines are
produced, whereas, in the Fresno dis
trict, raisins are a special success,
while in the American River district
choice' table grapes are grown. .~..-
There cannot be too much con
sideration given to quality. In this re
spect California has not been improv
ing along wine lines, but rather retro
grading. Very nearly the same prices
are being paid for Indifferent as for
the choicest grapes, so there Is no In
ducement to produce quality and raai
choice wines are becoming more of a
rarity every year. Those who do not
look into these things closely wonder
why the consumption does not'.la
crease more rapidly, and the compe
tition with New York wines and those
of other States is becoming keener
every year. . :
Glancing over last year's croi>_ re
ports, we find that California 7 pro
duced more than three-fourtha of the
viticultural products of the coun
try, producing in fiscal year of 1902
03 5,700,343 gallons of brandy (by
far the largest output In the history
of the State), and in 1903 30.000.000
gallons of wine. 300 cars of. dried
grapes. 103,000,000 pounds of rai
sins, and shipped 1718 carloads of
green grapes. California's -green
grape shipments, the smallest - com
mercial output of the vine, last year
amounted to about 35,000.000 pounds,
which, compared to other fruit ship
ments, represents almost one-fourth
of the entire shipments of deciduous
green fruit from the State. Wtre we
to compute the amount of green
grapes necessary to produce Califor
nia's output of last year we would
have a irrand total of from S00 000 -
000 to 1,000,000,000 pounds. .
When we consider that the industry
is in its infancy and that at least 75 -
000 acres, of flourishing vineyards
have been destroyed by phylloxera
diseases and other agencies a gr*-u
deal ha3 been accomplished. How
ever, when we think California has a
wine producing area almost equal to
the whole of France and has never
produced more than a little over 43 -
000.000 gallons of wine, whereas
France produces over one and -a half
billion gallons annually, or about
thirty-seven and a : half times as
much, we conclude there Is plenty : of
room to grow In, and we know that
by going at it right .California can
produce products that will compare
with the beat Eurooean productions
and while European countries must
be satisfied with Trom 175 to EtO gal
lons to the acre. California produces
1000 gallons.
By George C. Husmann
GRAPE GROWING IN UNITED STATES
effect, and if you do not Intend work
ing faithfully it will be infinitely bet
ter for you not to begin at all, for all
the muscles that have been suddenly,
brought into play will become, sore
and lame, and so will your temper if
you are not perfectly angelic. But
practicing persistently and faithfully
for, eay some six months, each move
ment fifteen or twenty times a day.
will most assuredly tell r and tf wsa*.
fiat-chested, scrawny <girl will corns out
of the fray In splendid condition ana
quite another creature.
The popular idea that your entire
body will move gracefully and easily
if you' hold your head at the proper
angle and your chin out has not proved
itself thoroughly satisfactory, but an
orderly training of calisthenics has
never failed yet. and it never wiLL But
there is one .warning that. I. wish to
Impress fully upon you. ' Never go .at
a thing with your.entire- strength. Re
serve a little fon l futur» use. for you
never, know when -you may need It.
and exhaustion oand pain are to be
avoided as a deadly pest. Perhaps It
might be just as well for me to add
that great care should be taken to see
that the room in which you exercise Is
well ventilated and that your clothing
is easy, for each and every one ox these
minor things adds Its weight, and
either very materially assist* or Just
as materially deters.
KEEPING one's health Is really
the .'secret of retaining one's
beauty. It is impossible to pos
. sets me without the other.
The ccrrect time to think of health
and how to keep It is during childhood,
for physical training that is begun
during the early years of childhood is
nev?r entirely forgotten and its benefits
are very lasting. Most children need
very little exercise, but they all need
specific and continual instructions in
breathing. Every child dislikes going
to bed, and most of them thoroughly
dislike getting up. and It is the easiest
and simplest thing imaginable to Im
press upon them the importance of
taking long, deep breaths. At first they
consider it fun and are willing to try
anything that will rut off their bed
hour a few minutes, but gradually this
Belfsame fun becomes a fixed habit and
their general health is vastly improved
on account of it.
One of the best exercises for children
Is tumbling about here and there in
their play. It brings all their muscles
into action, produces a general glow-
In their bodies and wearies them evenly.
Another splendid exercise and one
that children take to like a duck to
water is running. For Instance, few
young ladies can run without losing
their breath, gasping spasmodically
and holding: on to their sides as though
they thought their hearts would jump
out of their bodies. If they had been
trained to run slowly and with erect
carriage, and to do it systematically,
they could cover a mile at a good pace
and not be troubled to any extent
either. Of course, I do not mean any
young woman could start out and win
a foot race without training, but a
child that Is taught to run as far as
she can with cemfort every day soon
increases not only her speed but h?r
endurance, and it is surprising the dis
tance she can cover without being se-.
riously disturbed.
But to run well one must run just so.
The girl who touches her heels to the
ground and who fails to spring lightly
from her toes and sole can never make
a huge success at it. Besides this, she
should keep her arms practically mo
tionless and her chest as> high as she
can get It. tnd then take gocd care to
keep it there.
And what happens to this girl? Her
most important muscle, her heart, is
trained to strong, steady exercise and
It gains strength and endurance. To
make a leng story short, this education
brings her many good and serviceable
things— sunny, radiant health and a
magnetism that none but the really
healthy may possess or even know.
Bright, sparkling eyes, .a fresh com
plexion and a clear brain are eagerly
sought after by every" woman under the
Bhlnlng eun, but for some strange rea
son or other nine out of ten deem It
too much trcuMe and too much exer
tion to put into practice such an ex
ceedingly Bbnste exercise as this.
And, by the way, one thing more
will brisk, correct walking accomplish,
and I should think if women do not
care enough about their health they
would possess enough vanity to learn
this trick. No woman who stoops can
have any style about her. The smart
est, most swagger French gown droops
like a bargain counter dress when it
is hung from rounded shoulders and
. every line of the entire body looks de
jected and blue and quite ready to be
laid away on the top sJaelf for repairs.
A woman will orten work like a fiend
to make herself fair to look upon, when
the wouldn't think two pins about her
general health. Of course, this is sup
posing ehe Is fairly well. To at
tain this end she works incessantly to
fill out her neck and shoulders so she
may wear an evening frock and look
well In It. She struggles with her hips
because one is a trifle larger than the
ct^er and does not look well In a tail
ored gown, and she even goes through
nil sorts of running and jumping exer
cises In order that she may be a fetch-
Ing maid In a bathing suit. And when
fche gets herself In good condition what
does she do? Goes to balls, suppers
and the theaters, night after night. She
eats everything from terrapin to can
dies and Ices and with It drinks cham
pagne as a running accompaniment
and then expects to get up late the
next morning and be as fresh looking,
and feel as well as when she was liv
ing- a simple life and in training.
Bat people will crave excitement and
what Is more live on It until the crack
of doom, and there Is but one thing to
do and that is point out a remedythart
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
PHYSICAL
CULTURE
AT HOME
10The low coiffure calls for a certata
style of neck of Its own. Indeed, ea
building a gown, a modiste will inquire
whether you are to wear your hair
high or low. If high, then your, stock
can be pretty tall, built up and ruffled
and trimmed in the new styles of the
season. .But. if the hair Is worn low.
In a coll or a low hanging braid, thea
it calls for a certain way of making
the "neck, of the gown.
Mrs. Samuel Sloane Chauncey, the
rich American widow, who has been re
ported engaged so many times, wears
her hatr low in a very girlish coll. Ia
fact, she enhances her already youth
ful charms until she is very young hi
appearance, suggesting a debutante
rather than a widow. And one of her
recent and prettiest gowns is made of
leaf mold brown taffeta, trimmed
with many little ruffles o* white lace.
The waist has a yoke made of narrow
bands of lace Insertion, all pieced to
gether, while the stock is very low. not
more than an inch high and finished
with a ruffle of Valenciennes lace. The
girdle is made of white Liberty, with a
big pearl clasp In front
The high stocks are not shaped
stocks by any means, but are round
and fastened at the back In a pretty
way. The high wire and pointed
stocks are «not worn at alL It is rather
the tall round stock, and the kind*
that fasten in simple ways and are
made In straight simple lines rather
than the very stiff effects. That kind,
the tall wired neck, seems to hare
melted away into thin air.
The question of how to trim the
neck Is one that must not be trea4^
ed lightly' So much has been done la
the way of stocks that fashion seem*
to have come to a standstill, wondering
what is to be done next
There is a disposition toward the
preservation of the round neck for win
ter. And, In anticipation of this, ther*
are numbers of fur necklaces now o^
fered in the shops. A fur necklace, b*
It told, is wide and flat ana Is to be
thrown around the neck and fastened
at the chin. It is something like a bo*,
but very much wider and flatter.
They are making the fur necklaoe*
of baby Tamb and are flattening them
out to make them very thin. They alse>
make them of the other furs and of
velvet trimmed with fur. There are
of the neck, they exhale fragrance.
and they are worn exclusively wllii
the high coiffure, never with the low.
'¦* . ¦ The Illsh and Low Coiffure.
And there is another stock that is
quite as easy to make, and it ia one
that has been worn a great deal thi3
summer. It is made by taking a strip
of lace Insertion eighteen inches long
'and finishing it - with little hooks and
eyes for the back of the neck. At th^
front there are fastened two tabs side
byjslde. The tabs are made by sewing
lace medallions together. Take three
medallions and attach them In such a
way as to make two tabs. Sew them
to the neck so that they hang neatly
over the 'bust This gives something of
the stole effect and Is very becoming.
It is amazing to note how generally
women are taking to the simple line
of stocks. Mrs. Garret A. Hobart, who
is one of the best dressed women in
the world, Is wearing, simple white
needlework stocks, put around the
throat in the plainest prettiest fash
ion and fastened at the back with in
visible hooks and- eyes. If preferred,
the stock can be secured at the back
gun metal to exactly match her blouse.
It Is easily managed, you see, this mat
ter of blouses and skirts, if you make a
study of it
The most perplexing problem is the
skirt, which- must be either long-jor
short You can put on the rather cling
ing skirt, with the train, which Is the
skirt for the house and for receptions
and for carriage wear. But for street,
for walking, for shopping, for Informal
calling— indeed for all except very
dressy purposes— fashion calls for the
skirt that swings clear from the floor.
If the same thing Is "desired In a white
blouse there can be chosen a white peau
de cygne, which has its own luster, and
into It there can be set white lace pan
sles, with a little blue stitchery around
each one. .With this there must be a
collar of Hungarian embroidery, show
ing more red and brown, and the belt
and' cuffs must match. Thus you' have
the making of another very pretty
street suit. Strings of beads of semi
precious stuff will carry out the scheme
of the embroidery.
There Is a pretty stock which is
youthful and always becoming. It .is
made of insertion, through which rib
bons are run. The band Is just wide
enough "and just long enough for the
neck, and the ribbons are run through
it and tied at the back. Three or four
narrow ribbons are very neat. if knotted
in little bows at the back of the neck,
just under the low coiffure. This sort
of stock can be worn with any dress.
The Newest in Stocks.
course, aiiumer tone combined with it,
a light blue which is seen only in the
narrowest lines, such as tiny folds and
pipings. And wherever you see a blue
piping you will see a white one close
along side.
The skirt of this gown Is long and,
though full, it is not one of those ex
tremely full skirts. There is a train
and the front and the sides are snug,
that is, they • are held down close by
bands of trimming.
The skirt is made df three very scant
puffs and between the puffs ther© are
rows of pinking, , ragged and decora
tive, and the blue pipings seem to come
in between the puffs and . the piping.
There is a Directoire coat with collar,
lapels, cuffs and wide girdle of. cloth
of silver. This suit Is one to be recom
mended to any woman who buys one
and only one handsome suit- . -
Every woman, no matter how pov-.
erty-stricken she may be, is entitled to
one fine gown a season. Many women
prefer to wear old clothes, neatly
patched or tastefully remodeled, on all
other occasions. But when a very nice
event occurs they want to have one
fine gown. And this is a point of view
taken by many women who are well
dressed.
For the woman who Is going to^ave
one handsome " frock there Is nothing
that will appeal to the taste more than
a nice silk dress. But from points of
durability the new soft fine t ladles
cloths are best They come now in the
most exquisite, deep tones with color
suggestion for trimming them. There
is a lightweight broadcloth which, in
the biscuit colors, makes up as fine as
the finest satin. .
In all the shops they will show you
handsome dark cloth materials, "such
as the popular leaf mold brown, or:
cranberry ' red, or deep sea green or
black, and they will drape your ma
terial with some contrasting, color to
set: it off and to give, you an Idea of
the color harmonies. Whole suits are.t
very pretty feather necklaces, very flat
and very soft and just the thing to be
thrown around the throat of a gown
tHs?t is cut low or rounding in the neck.
A great many shirt waists and shirt
waist suits are made with this round
or Dutch neck. The neck is finished
with a cording or with a little frill or
ruffle. This is shirred around the throat
and the waist is trimmed to match.
For day wear these necks are never
low enough to show the throat, but the
whole of the neck is exposed. The
fastening is quite simple, consisting of
a little pearl button at the back, and
the front is charmingly girlish. .For
evening the neck can be a little rounder
and slightly more Inclined to reveal
the lines of the throat and neck, but
they should not by any means be low.
.With this style of neck the necklace,
be it fur or feathers, or be it made o£
chiffon ruffies.- Is a necessity, and. from
the minute the first fall breexea blow
It should be worn. The round neck la
the street Is only pretty hi midsummer,
not by any means in the fall and
winter.
The best finish is a little frill of lace
or a narrow muslin ruffle and, if: the
gewn be very nice, the lace frill can
be made of Valenciennes lace or of any
other fashionable lace, but the flnlsa
must be simple.
There is something n&r to be told
about the linen collars with lace Inset.
But one might talk forever about new
modes and It is best to leave sometiinji
for another time.
under a chou of tulle.
And speaking of the tulle choux.
they are, now made similar and round
er, so that they look like a little ball
of cloud. They are light airy and
very , becoming, and, with the high
coiffure, they are quite the thing. They
come in ail the pastel colors, and a
woman who alms to be well dressed
should certainly keep a dozen of them
on hand. There are little sachet
lined boxes into which these can be
laid and sweetly scented.
It would hardly seem as though the
question of scents were part of a fash
ion article. Yet perfumes enter so
largely into gowning .that no dress
maker ignores then and no trousseau,
summer or winter, is complete without
due attention to them. The latest fad
is the scenting 1 of the dress skirt with
a dozen little flat hearts filled with sa
chet and hung by ribbons from the
belt line underneath the skirt A
woman walked up Fifth avenue the
other day -with a chatelaine dangling
from her belt Hanging in among the
silver articles were narrow white rib
bons, to the end of each of which was
attached a sachet bag.
Exquisite odors that suggest the col
ors of the gown are again the fad.
White orchid, pink,. violet and all the
other scents have their appropriate
colors, and clever modistes are fur
nishing hats, girdtes and gowns with
their own subtle scent
As for the little choux at the back
lty. A small bordering of this lace
finished the cuffs. With this waist
there went a wide girdle of brown
suede of the kind that is meant to
wrinkle. It was fastened in front with
an Immense gold buckle. A string of
gold beads falling to the waist line will
be worn with this.
The third blouse was white in a soft
taffeta of, very bright finish, looking
almost as lustrous as LIbertv. A' deep
yoke of Venetian point was set' in the
neck and there were sleeves attached
to the voke. This was the only trim
ming the. gown boasted. The lace yoke
and sleeves, being all of one piece, gave
the I French touch, which so many
blouses have this. season.
. The Pretty Cloth Blouses.
The cloth blouses will be* quite in evi
dence this falL Thev are cut on shirt
waist* lines ' and ' are designed to wear
with white skirts to match, but they
are made In such a . manner \ that they
can be worn with different skirts. This
Is easily arranged if you will con
siderjit^ .
A woman whose gowns are always
irreproachable wears a. gun metal cloth
blbuse^trimmed with black lace insets.
Each ; one is embroidered in the Italian
combination of red, blue ~ and brown.
Around the lace • insets there is a tiny
puffing of blue ribbon. With thia blouse
there are three /belts, red' and brown
and blue. All three skirts can.be worn,
a red skirt, ' a brown skirt and a blue
skirt. Or the wearer can don a skirt of
- - ¦ . . ¦ ¦ - - .¦
of course, worn. But the girdle, the
collar and . cuff s, and the pipings and
sometimes the folds and the pinkings
are in another shade. ,
There is quite a little fancy for
building a shirt waist suit all of one
tone without a hint 'of contrasting
color or in mixed goods. There* cornea
for fall the most delightful mixed suits
In gray, with splashes of red and blue
and green. These have the nub effect
and' make up- into very pretty shirt
waist suits. They call for four pieces,
the skirt, the. eton, the very wide
girdle and the chemisette.
The nattiest of the fall shirt waists,
with their skirts, are made on tho
blouse order, ' with open front, under
.which' a little light wash shirt waist
can • be worn if desired. Many wear
only the chemisette, consisting of the
choker and little cape attachment.
A Trlowof Shirt Waists.
Here are three shirt waists just as
they came from Paris for the trous
seau of Miss Eaulirie Astor. One is a :
heavy winter moire in blue . of a
medium shade. The silk is unlined
and can be worn on the middle days
of autumn when on coat. is needed.
The trimming of .this 1 waist or
blouse consist of Hungarian embroid
ery. It is very cunningly wrought and
is very broad and very fine, thus dig
nifying'' the waist into a thing of real
style. : ,,•• . :- •'..'' .'¦• ;.;{
The belt of. embroidery, which is
wide and Intended to wrinkle, is
brought down to something of a point
in front. ; The 'waist is gathered rather'
full into this Hungarian belt- and there
is a quaint silver buckle in front There
are buckles with dangling : chains and ¦
medallions. * .
Tlierearewide'Hungarlan cuffs, with
little frills of taffeta on" each side,' and
there is a stock with a frill at the top.
\ But the prettiest thing is" the medal
lion r upon the sleeve.'- It is j five inches
square, and , is .worked 'in conventional
style with all the colors of ; the rain
bow," beautifully Intermixed. ' In the \
center there is an initial.
A second blouse was made of leaf :
brown taffeta. :; It . had a deep yoke of
Mexican allover lace of the finest qual-
Y-TRAULEIN BERTHA KRUPP.
L/ the richest girl In the world,
I V has fallen In love with the
JL American shirt waist suit. Miss
Xrupp, who has recently come into
possession of her 18 years and her for
tune, has been buying gowns from
Paris and gowns from London, and
now sh» wishes to invade Xew York
for more gowns.
Mils Krupp particularly admires the
shirt waist and she knows she must
eend to Mew York to get it. Brought
v? the unaffected daughter of the gun
maker, she now revels in the posses
sion of more millions than are owned
by t&e greatest American heiress that
walks. What wonder that her girlish
fancy turns toward the handsomest
thing In gowns.
Hits Krupp, who has Just lightened
her mourning, wears & dress that Is
most charming and very quaint she
looks In It. It Is an Irish gray, almost
ellvery. end the skirt is made with
many Ehirrings, one of those skirts that
eornehow give one the bouffant effect
Around the foot there are ,three
flounces arranged to look like a triple
skirt.
There would be no contrast at all'
were it not ror many pipings of white
liberty used freely upon the skirt and
the waist. The yoke, for It Is a gown
with a yoke. Is made of bands of white
liberty and lace and of sray material
put together in the cleverest way.
•^hc sleeves are marvels in width
below tne elbow, with beautiful pieces
of lace and liberty silk set into the
pulls. They are exquisite sleeves, with
somehow the angel effect, for the lace
makes them tight.
With this gown Miss Krupp wears a
large brimmed hat trimmed with num
erous niflles cf gray chiffon. Another
hat accompanies this suit, a hat of
autumn chip, trimmed with numerous
ostrich plumes, a picture hat.
It Is whispered in Berlin that Miss
Kropp Is ordering her laces for her
trousseau, and prudent old wivee. say
that It is none too soon. An heiress
must marry some day, and, with laces
By AUGUSTA FRESCOTT.
Now Is the Time to 3Iake Your
Winter Blouses, for the Xew
Styles Are Out and the French
Materials Are Here for Trim
mings — The Beautiful Xew
Dresses of Fruulein Bertha
Krapp— Blouses in the Trous
seau of Miss Pauline Astor — .
The Cloth Blouse Is Crowd
ins the Silk One Out of Style,
In such demand, it takes years to
gather together enough for a fine trous
seau. The heavy German Val. lace is
most used just now, and,, in the deco
rative laces, there is nothing that
equals Irish crochet and the heavy
laces of France.
The Heavy Shirt Waist.
One way to make a shirt waist is to
get very heavy linen. Let it be as
coarse as hop sacking, but not as
rough. It will show every thread of
the weave. This kind of linen makes
a very nice waist for winter. Let the
color be a cream white, for this holds
its style winter and summer.
Now the fashionable fad is to take
a big, round collar of Irish crochet and
for the trimming of this \yaist work
the collar Into regular goods. Let it
lie upon the shoulders in regulation
collar style, but spread it wide. Some
times It takes two to go around the
neck when they are laid out in th&
manner. Now applique them into linen
and finally dampen the whole and press
the lace into the heavy cloth. The re
sult is curiously like embroidery or like
a very expensive lace Inset.
They are taking all the old linen waists '
and coloring them a deep blue. There
is a shade of blue which dyes charm
ingly and the heavy linen waists that
have done duty as white waists all
summer are now dipped and made new
for winter.
Dame Fashion has declared for ths
white waists so long that now her
eyes begin to turn toward the blue
waists and the . cranberry colors and
the other deep tints. There is a love
ly shade of willow green which is v*ery
desirable for fall waists, either in
heavy linen or in light weight cloth.
"Take your old white linen suits,"
counsels a wise woman upon fashion
topics, "and have them dipped for fall
wear. Take my word for.lt. they can
bs worn until snow flies."
* Heavy dark linen suits were worn
under cloth coats with cellars of lur
all last fall In London.
All of these things and many others
go to show the great vogue of the.
wash waist whether for winter, or for
summer wear.
A Directoire Suit
Here is a gown Just as completed for
a very elegant woman who wears the
handsomest dresses In town. The style
is Directolre, although It is* by no
means an exaggerated gown, but a
Directolre on modified lines. The ma
terial Is smooth! thin, fine cloth, closely
related to broadcloth and the color is
that fashionable autumn tint known
as leaf mold brown. There is, of
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;ISUNDAY CALLv
NEW SHIRT WAIST
SUITS FOR FALLTHE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
at the bottom of the furnac* passes
through a funnel. Much of the Iron
and slag adheres to the sides, but th*
copper, which is heavier, runs to th*
bottom, where it can be skimmed and
then dipped out and cooled.
The copper, which often contains
considerable gold and silver, is r«ady
to be hammered into shape. Modern
methods of mining separate th* cop
per from the more precious metals and
More interesting even than the Aztec
method of smelting -nd refining ore Is
their manner of staining copper, a se
cret process k-own only to these In
dians and which no others hav* been
able to discover. They tak* a oopper
vessel, the insld* of which Is packed
with wheat straw, and put it Into a
blazing fire. After a mlnut* or two
these vessels are removed, cooled by an
application of dirt and then appear In
beautiful colors of red. purple, blu*»
green and various other shades.
Thus, thes* Indiana from th* distant
Interior of Old Mexico, using only th*
crud* appliances of their oirn mak*.
such mm they hav* b«ea tutag far many
centuries, turn out article* of Tartous
kinds, which ar* models of beanty and
artistic s W1L
The copper is placed on an anvil and
six stalwart fellows with bis sledga
hammers form a circle around it. One
Indian holds an end of the copper la
large tongs and skillfully turns it
while the six Indians with sledge ham
mers keep up a constant pounding.
every hammer striking with force and
precision.
With these hammer* and a pair of
shears these primitive mechanics beat
the copper Into various shapes and
turn it into utensils of different pat
terns, making everything from an Im
mense copper kettle for boiling and
refining susar to a tiny copper cup or
souvenir plate. They can hammer out
this copper to the thinness of paper
and can shape the various articles as
perfectly as if they were molded. They
ar* soon to make a large Jardiniere
of pur* copper 3% feet high. 23 inches
across the shoulders, 14 Inches across
the base and drawn to a mouth not
exceeding six inches across. They are
also preparing to make copper water
bottles, shaped like the ordinary rrlass
water-bottle, using no pattern, but
hammering them out of copp«r, which
they have beaten into sheets, only ona
piece of copper being used for a bottle.
the gold and silver by-products of
Western copper mines more than pay
all operating expenses, leaving tha
copper as a net profit. The Aztecs
have no way of separating these ores,
therefore lose the gold and silver con
tained therein.
"Humph!" sniffed Miss Burne-Jones.
"I confess to a preference for the man
from Old Nassau. No such un-Ameri
can notions about him. He abhors
pretenses and, from the latest arrived
freshman to the venerable president
emeritus, the Princetonian is delight
fully candid" and unaffected."
."He makes a pose of his very frank
ness and so loses dignity," some' on*
ventured.
Miss Burne-Jones did not look so
saintly Just then. What she might hav*
said to defend the tiger no on* knows,
for some young enthusiast turned the
tide In her own direction. v. V\
' "Well, here's to good old Yale, M ; she
broke In. "Enough of Princeton^*,
"Yale?" The Burne-Jones saint. was
In for revenge. "Yale men are. all
snobs."
"They are really aristocratic, but per
sons who are not call them snobbish,"
was the retort.
"A woman's argument the world
over," I commented, "to win by
words and feelings, not by "reason.
"And Cornell?" I asked, ¦eeking
safer ground.
"Cornell men are all fine fellows,
who will do something in the world."
was the quick response from the girl
with the large, serious brown eyes.
"And Columbia ?"
''Columbia is too big and too young
and too cosmopolitan to have created
a type yet," the thoughtful girl re
marked. "I think when Columbia has
a type it will be the New York man,
big and fine looking, capable, ener
getic, inscrutable, bending all his en-
Here was partisanship at high tide,
yet no one rose to stop its course. It
was a tribute worth recording.
"Where does the man from the
Western universities, Ann Arbor, Chi
cago, Wisconsin and a score of others,
come in?" I inquired. "What is his
rank and worth?"
, "He hasn't the college stamp," : was
the briskly delivered opinion of the
girl from New York.
"Leaving the universities, what do
you think of the smaller colleges, Wil
liams, for instance?"
There was a pause, and then a girl
from the West spoke up. "Williams
men hive ideals and believe in them
and some of those dreams will come
true." She spoke as one having, au
thority.
ergies toward some really definite end,
perhaps an end of his own."
This calm, impersonal. Judicious ob
servation caused a lull. Fearing an
end to my interview, I came forward
with another question:
"Oh, dear! my ideas are so general."
she said, confusedly. "I can't. I'd
"Oh. yes; he's a worthy man." con
ceded the admirer of Yale; "he is like
ly to be a dig, he suggests the labora
tory and he is usually a good citizen,
but he has not the hallmark given by
the old universities."
Before the Western girl could re
tort some one amicably interjected &
remark about West Point and Ann
apolis.
"They belong to the realm of so
ciety, not of the college," asserted
Miss Burne-Jones; "delightful, but not
collegiate."
"And now, how about no college at
all?" I asked.
"That Is the better sort," Miss New
York spoke up emphatically." "I pre
fer Wall street .and experience to col
lege and Greek for a man."
"Experience," observed a clever
brunette, a senior. "i3 a little bypath
that leads one up and down and in
and out instead of holding to. the main
highway.. And every little uphill muss
always have its downhill side. I pre
fer a gradual slope that leads all one
way, and that way ever upward. Give
me a college man with a professional
training, who will think more of the
philosophy of life as he trudges
toward the top than of the dollars and
cents that lie on the bypaths."
"But a college training Is not a ne
cessary condition for that point of
view," Temarked the genuine girl
from the West.
"Tell me your ideas on the subject,"
I asked.
"Speech! speech!" cried the girls in
a chorus.
"What Is that stamp?" demanded
the Western girl with bristling aggres
siveness. "His scholarship will com
pare favorably with the Yale man's
and his manners."
And. as usual among women the
world over, abstract discussion culmi
nated in very personal prejudice. The
broad horizon with which we began
was shortened. The perfect "type" was
lost sight of in tha concrete reality.
"I trust he Is labeled 'all wool and a
yard wide,' " laughed Miss New York,
emerging from the pillows.
The eyes of the girl took fire from
her flaming cheeks.
"Well— he is!" was the only retort
she made.
"Ten to one you axe in love." sang
out Miss New York. r"with all your
boast of generalities." Further remarks
from that source were smothered by
the direct application of a pillow.
"Let us pray he does not really say
have saw,' " ventured the senior.
"And that he is blessed with a deep
and native modesty." added the Duch
ess.
rather Just Jump on th« opinions or all
the other*.- S
"Play fair, Rockies." cam* th» warn
ing.
""Well. I car* more for what a man Is
than for -the advantages ha has had.
I like a big man who looks like some
body, who would have force and com
mand attention anywher* without
knowing It. Just because he 'would ba
more Interested In things than In him
self, in people and the Influence hs
might exert over them, than In the high
place which he might personally b«
seen to fill among them; a man who
knows no self-seeking, whose every act
Is governed by the great third prin
ciple—right. I could almost forrlve his
saying 'I have saw* if he read Ruskln
with appreciation. Hegel with absorp
tion. Kipling with delight and Plato
with awe."
"Hear! hear!" burst forth In chorus
from the girls.
"Come back. Rockies." drawled th*
Burne-Jones girl softly.
thereby excusable, because it never
ceased to surprise.
A gale of laughter greeted this con
cise statement. The gauntlet was
thrown down, and the lists were open
to all who chose to enter and defend
the worth of man.
"Not so hard, Jonesy," began Miss
New York, leading the opposition; "it
depends on what college he went to."
"Explain," I interrupted, sighting a
nugget .and trying not to lose sight of
science In my personal interest.
I turned the leaves of memory back
to the society girls I had Just left, who
placed a special premium upon the
scalps of college men en masse, and I
noticed a marked passage which said
that even a collece freshman Is better
than no college man at alL Point one
—college girls differentiate. I was
ready for the explanation.
It came in the form of a lively dis
cussion. The girl from New York
thought the Harvard man was "boor
ish," while others combined to praise
his "mannlshness."
"He is a conceited poser a^nd most
ridiculous," said the Burne-Jones girl.
"He looks collegiate without being
6louchy," answered the defense.
"He'd like to look collegiate If he
were not so vain," retorted Miss Burne-
Jones.
"Vain?" protested she of the Boston
ese accent. "He is as free from vanity
as members of the English nobility; as
assured of his own position and su
periority as any belted earl— there he
is, utterly indifferent to public opin
ion. Merely to say 1 am a Harvard
man' Is a sufficient warrant of pres
tige."
THE '•college girl" and her opin
ions are always spicy, Interest-
Ing and . refreshing, even when
gathered singly, but I found the
rivalry and spontaneity of what,
Jn collegiate parlance, is commonly
called a 'bunch of girls" too choice
end, for me, too rare a thing to lose
one minute of my stay among them.
In her infrequent hours of ease the
•"college girl" irises oracular state
ments with flippancies, Bophtstry and
ingenuity in engaging fashion. The
tammum bonum of existence and the
latest method of making fudge, the
socialistic redemption of humanity and
the newest models In neckwear appeal
to her Interest. In these discursive
snoods the is not above taking 'the
measure of a "mere man.**
I had a sneaking Idea that the differ
ence between college girls and their
more openly frlvolotis or "feminine"
Eisters was superficial only— perhaps a
mere temporary pose In which they '
those to play leading lady as long as
the public would give them audience,
or. again, perhaps, a reputation having
been started abroad, they feel bound
to live up to it.
I had set myself the task of proving
my theory, and then boldly removing
the mask and setting right the long
deluded world, and more especially
that mest sadly deceived portion of it—
man.
By this time (two days) I felt -well
enough acquainted to launch nay ques
tion. "What do you college girls think
of college men*?*' I asked abruptly.
"They are a nirn lot," said the tall
blonde, whose type suggested a Burne-
Jonns saint/ and whose clang was
TALKS ON THE
EASTERN COLLEGE
MAN
THE
EASTERN COLLEGE
GIRL
FOR ages the Aztec Indians ol
Old Mexico have been noted for
their skill in the designing,
manufacturing- and coloring of
copper ware by a secret pro
cess, which no other people have been
able to imitate. The World's Fair, as
the errent educator of the century,
Marched f;ir and near for attractions
end the ancient copper smelting of
the Aztecs was Dot overlooked. A
complete Aztec smelter, with bellows,
ftrges. hammers and all of the tools
and appliances necessary to reduce the
ere to metal and pound the metal into
many kinds of articles, has been estab
luhed in the Mining Gulch at the fair
under the management of an expert
>icx:can mine operator, Kent E. Kel
ler, of the C&rrtxo Copper Company,
J'.tricc.
No detail lias been *verlooked, but
everything necessary for the complete
ness of the Azizc village has been
brought to St. Louis. Crude forges,
furnaces and hammers from Mexico,
such as have been in use among the
Aztecs for a thousand years, were
loaded on burros and packed to the
railroads for shipment to the SL Louis
Imposition.
Even the cane huts of the Aztecs
have been rerroduced at the fair with
c.U of their primitive features. It is
ps if a nart of the remote mining re
cicn of Old Mexico had been trans-
I'lanted to i?t. Louis and put on ex
hibition.
Plenty of rich copper ore from the
Carrizo mines if Mexico is kept on
hand and the supply is replenished in
thirty-ton lots as soon as the ore pile
runs low. The ore is crushed by hand,
the Mexicans using large stones for
lhat purpose. The "jack" is then put
into a crude wooden trough se.t in a
Flaming position and water is poured
into c-ne er.d of it. in such a way as
to wash away most of the rock and
dirt. The slimes are washed to one
Bide, leaving the rich copper deposits
in another part of the trough. These
concentrates are then put into a crud«
oven or roaster and the sulphur es
capes from the ore in fumes, leaving
only the metal and a little of the rock.
This is then put Into a very primitive
furnace made of rock and dirt and
bellows of a peculiar construction keep
the fire in the forges going. The fuel
used is charcoal, which the Mexicans
make themselves.
"With the ore in the furnace Is thrown
a little limestone to aid in taking the
iron out of the ore. The molten mass
AZTEC COPPER MINING DISPLAY
AT
ST. LOUIS
12Answers to
Correspondents
PROPER MOURNING ATTIRE
TREATING ROUGH -RED SKIN
(A. M. C.)— The practice of Dlunsrinsr
the hands and face In very cold water
¦while overheated cannot be too stronsr-"
ly condemned, for It is productive of
red and coarsened skin, pimples and
forms of Itch. While it gives momen
tary relief from intense heat, the reac
tion is severe and does more real harm
to the texture of the skin than the
dust one encounters; -and. too. you
should know that cold water has very
little cleansing power when the , face
ia grimy from travel. Try always to
avoid extremes. When consumed with
a desire to get cool quickly, sip a Klass
of cold water slowly and wait until
you have cooled off somewhat, then
bathe the hands and face with luke
warm water, rinse In cool water and
then in cold water to which has been
"JACK HORNER" PIE (Mrs. B. F.)
One of the prettiest ways to distrib
ute souvenirs at a child's party is by
means of a huge "Jack .Horner" pie.
Large department stores where table
fittings, such as fancy paper, ice cases,
etc, are kept, can probably supply you
with these pies as well as with suit
able trifles for filling It, though if you
prefer you can make the pie yourself.
Of course the size of the pie and Its
contents must be governed by the price
you are willing to pay and by the num
ber of invited guests, but as a basis for
convenient calculation suppose there
are to be twenty-five guests. Select a
new tin milkpan, about two and * a
half or three inches deep and fifteen
inches in diameter. Cut a piece of
manila paper, to represent the crust,
THE LATEST IN STOCKS (Van
ity).—If you want the very smartest
stock to wear with your new shirt
waist suits of linen or dotted and
checked taffeta, make a rather wide
turnover collar two or two and one
fourth inches deep, of rather heavy
handkerchief linen. Trim the edge with
eyelet embroidery and make six daisies
In eyelet work to correspond, at regu
lar Intervals, through the middle of
the turnover seeffl on, and mount to a
neckband of correct length. Through
the open centers of the flower forma
run a* soft wide ribbon of empire green,
adjust $he band over the neckband of
the shirt . waist with opening In front
and tie 'the ribbon in a pretty bow. A
very charming soft effect is gained by
copying the ¦ same Idea, In sheer linen
•with edging , of- very fine Vatenciennes
lace with dainty scarf of chiffon or net,
using applied lace forms, set at - inter
vals to run the scarf through. To be
strictly in style you must have plenty
of stock with long slender, tab ends, as
well as those haying 'puffy bows tinder
the chin- Stocks ' of sheer white linen
with ties to match having richly em-
TO BANISH PIMPLES (School
Girl). — As you are remarkably
healthy I think local 'treatment will,
soon rid your face of disfiguring pim
ples, which seem to be the result of
a very oily skin. You must, however,
be persistent and at the same time be
careful of your diet, eating plain,
nourishing foods and avoiding fat and
sweet made dishes, candy, etc Throw
your powder puff aside for a time, at
least, as it merely tends to check per
spiration and clog the pores. Profuse
perspiration is the best friend of a girl
troubled with eruptions, consequently
I would suggest that you exercise free
ly for the express purpose of produc
ing, profuse perspiration and with
summer weather to aid the Improvised
Turkish bath will wonderfully cleanse
each little pore, which Is now choked
with hardened sebum. The heat and
exercise may for a time seem to in
crease the pimples, but - it: Is simply
the erf*ater. activity of the skin forc
ing out the impurities, so do not be
alarmed, for you had better endure
temporary increase of the pimples
than an indefinite 'continuance of the
evIL While , the face -is in a profuse
perspiration is the ; golden moment i to
give, it a thorough ' scrubbing with
plenty of hot water and a bland soao
A DAINTY BATHROBE (Violet).—
As you enjoy making pretty things for
yourself In preference to buying
ready made garments. I think you will
experience very little difficulty in mak
ing a charming bathrobe. While there
are numerous flannels, Turkish cloth,
etc., for the purpose, an ideal robe for
winter Is made of a fine wool bed
blanket. The problem of whether
the robe will spot or launder is set
tled once for all if-you use this blan
ket, and the wearing qualities and
beauty are dependent only upon th?
quality selected. As you prefer deli
cate color combinations, why not
choose a cream white blanket with
rose or blue border, even though the
delicate gray la more practical? Do
not attempt to cut the robe by guess.
Seemingly shapeless garments require
careful cutting to be successful. Any
large pattern house can supply you
with a pattern for a blanket bathrobe
if you so specify. Calculation Is mads
in such a pattern to utilize the bor
der of the blanket for trimming with
out cutting except where absolutely
necessary and with the least wa3te.
The edges are prettiest when com
pleted with a binding of Inch satin
ribbon to match or harmonize with
the color or stride of the border. The
conventional cord girdle can be pur
chased ready for use, but as It seemi
rather heavy and masculine, why not
make a girdle of knotted ribbon? A
novel idea Is to run three strands of
rose colored ribbon, each of different
shade, through three clusters of cro
cheted rings, leaving sufficient length
to tie in front and tie the ends in a
succession of knots about six Inches
apart- Crocheted slippers made of
rose colored worsted or silk to match
should carry out the color scheme:
these slippers are to have soles of
lambs* wool or. if you prefer, you may
have slippers in white or tan colored
canvas, such as are used for bathroom
purposes.
TREATING ENLARGED PORES.
(Marjorie). — It will require persistent
effort and considerable time to re
duce the siza of enlarged pores caused
by pressing out blackheads, but if you
will faithfully follow directions you
will see a decided improvement In
two months — perhaps less. Friction,
a complexion brush, accompanied by
the liberal use of hot water, soap and
an astringent lotion, are necessary to
subdue enlarged pores. Distended
pores catch and hold an Immense
amount of impurities, so that unusual
care must be bestowed upon washing
the face, for all grime and waste mat
ter must be eradicated before the
pores will dose to the normal size.
Hastily closed, without sufficient puri
fication, will surely result in pimples.
Allow at least one-half hour each
night before retiring to treat the face,
for the manipulation of the skin is of
paramount importance in effecting a
cure. With hot water and a bland
soap that Is pure make a thick
lather and rub well into the skin
with the finger-tips, going over the
surface several times; then wash off,
using hot water. Lather the com
plexion brush and gently scrub the
face, being particular to reach up
Into the edge of the hair and over the
entire neck. Wash off all soap in dear
water, then rinse the face thoroughly
in cold water and dry. with gentle
friction. Massage the face with the
finger tips, giving care to the parts
affected with enlarged pores; then
apply this astringent lotion to the
coarse pores, rubbing In well. Mix
thoroughly one ounce of glycerine.
two ounces of elder-flower water and
two drams of powdered alum. In the
morning wash off all traces of the
lotion, rinse In cold water, and lastly
add fifteen drops of tincture of ben
zoin to a pint of cold water and sponge
the face and neck. This will act as a
mild astringent and aid in whiten
ing the skin. While It Is doubtful if
the tiny red veins on the nose can be
wholly concealed, the treatment pre
scribed will improve the circulation
to such an extent that the color will
be gradually reduced to a normal
state.
FREEING THE HAIP. FROM DAN
DRUFF (Miss D.).— Dandruff is the re
sult of a mild form of tetter, a mus
cular disease of the skin; the particles
are then drv and white. When dan
druff arises from Irritation caused by
oversupplied and clogged oil glands of
the scalp, the deposit ia very greasy
and more or less discolored. In either
case frequent shampooing Is Invalu
able In cleansing the scalp. Do not be
persuaded to use a fine tooth comb, for
this little Instrument has laid the foun
dation of many dandruff-crowned
heads by establishing a chronic irri
tation of the sensitive pores. Again,
never shampoo the hair while it Is
filled with dandruff, but first clean It
in the following manner: Divide the
hair In small strands and with a mod
erately stiff brush go over the entire
scalp several times in short gentle
strokes to dislodge the particles which
cling to the scalp. Then go over the
scalp again with the finger tips, rub
bing lightly. This will loosen the re
maining particles. Divide the hair
in four parts, for the sake of conveni
ence, take a portion in the hands about
twelve Inches from the scalp and
shake the hair briskly. You will be
surprised to see how readily the dan
druff will falL When no more can be
dislodged, brush the hair thoroughly,
using a perfectly clean brush. This
may ?eem like a good deal of ado. but
it is quite useless to wet the hair while
dandruff lurks In its meshes, for no
amount of rinsing will get It all out,
and any remaining particles will re
appear the instant the hair Is dried,
especially if the dandruff Is of the
•white crder. Be particular about
brushing the hair twice dally to dis
lodge any particles of dandruff, and
use a good hair tonic until the scalp 13
in a clean, healthy condition. Dan
druff can usually be banished by per
sistent care.
about three inches larger all around
than the diameter of the pan. To carry
out the delusion ornament the crust
with little gashes through the center,
then lay on a smooth surface covered
with a thick towel and pass a hot flat
iron cuickly over the surface of the
paper to slightly scorch It and simu
late a real baked pie crust. Place the
souvenirs In the pan with a long
streamer of narrow ribbon attached to
each gift, this ribbon to match the
color of the table decorations. Hold
the streamers together and slip them
through the center of the paper crust
or cover, which should then be drawn
down over the pan and fastened with
a little flour paste to the sides of the
pan. Cover the joining with a full
ruching of crepe paper of harmonious
shade, tied about the pan with a band
of ribbon and decorate with a few
sprays of ferns or ivy a3 a pretty lin
lshlng touch. The pie may be put upon
the table through the tea as a substi
tute for the. usual floral centerpice. or
may be brought In with the sweets
near the close of the meal. A streamer
Is placed within the reach of each
child and at a given signal all are told
to pull, when the mysteries of the won
derful pie are revealed. Tiny dolls.
fans, whistles and grotesque rubber
ball faces will excite much merriment
To avoid offending the dignity of the
boys who might otherwise receive a
doll or similar toy. designate their es
pecial gifts by different colored stream
ers from those attached to the sou
venirs for the girls.
(Ida). — Simplicity characterises all
mourning garments, although they be
cut on the most approved models of
the day. Simplicity is obtained by the
material, absence of all elaborate
trimmings and copying only the plain
est of graceful models. The quality
of the material should be as good as
one's means will allow, as black fab
rics, especially crape, quickly become
shabby. When buying cloth, s^lk,
straw hats. etc. always ask for dull
finished mourning goods. For your
wool house dresses select Henrietta
cloth, Eudora. voile, cashmere, alba
tross, dull finished silks, crepe de
chine or Japanese silk is suggested
when a dainty and cool dress is de
sired. Plain black lawn, mull or Swiss
trimmed with ruCles of the same make
pretty, inexpensive house or street
dresses for very warm weather. Of
course, all linings, . petticoats, etc.,
worn under these sheer fabrics must
be of dull black. Street costumes may
be fashioned from serge, dull finished
black broadcloth, cheviot, camels' hair
or Venetian cloth. Folds of crape,
ruchings of chiffon or rows of narrow
grosgrain ribbon may be used to trim
the house dresses, while crocheted
buttons and machine stitching adorn
the strictly walking suits. For the
more dressy two-piece suits mourning
gimp, crape fold3, silk and passe
menterie made expressly for this pur
pose will afford j correct decoration.
Wear suede gloves for all ceremonious
occasions and black lisle thread or silk
when the former would be too warm.
Mitts are very little worn. It Is mere
ly a matter of Individual taste whether
a bonnet and long veil or hat with
draped veil be worn; both are cor
rect. The latter, however, Is most
popular with women under 45.' The
draped veil may be of Brussels net
edged with a fold of crape or of chif
fon. Ask for mournlng^vell and any
milliner can drape it gracefully. Nar
row turnover collars and cuffs of fine
hemstitched white linen and black
chiffon ruchings are both permissible.
FOR INFLAMED EYELIDS (Viola).
Eyes which have become weak and In
flamed from over exposure to the glare
of sunlight, whether by land or sea.
should bo protected by colored glasses
and all treatment be of a soothing na
ture until normal conditions are re
gained. Glasses of a delicate gray are
most restful; the very dark glasses,
while more protective, are apt to strain
the sight if an effort is made to see
any object clearly, hence this benefit is
doubtful unless dense shade is Impera
tive. When the glasses are not worn
be careful to carry a parasol of black,
dark blue or green as offering the most
restful shade; white and red parasols
are simply ruinous to the sight and
should not be used. If the eyes itch
and feel irritated do not yield to the
temptation of rubbing them, for th»
unnatural .motion and the atoms of
dust on the finger tlp3 will increase the
inflammation in a marked degree. Al
most instant relief 13 felt by bathing
the eyes with cold water In which has
been dissolved just enough fine table
salt to give the saltiness of tears. If
the pain 13 great, bind or hold a cloth
saturated with cold water on the eyes
for a half hour or longer, keeping it
cool by rcdipping occasionally. Bathe
the eyes occasionally with a solution of
boric acid, ten grains to one ounce of
distilled, or. failing this, use two parts
of witch hezel to one part of water.
Use a medicine dropper to put the so
lution directly Into the eye, hold the
head backward, drop in the solution
and wink the lids several times to force
the remedy under the inflamed lids.
After a little practice it will be easy to
do thin. Repeat several times each day.
Lest you forget, let me add that wa
ter, bowl, sponge or any other thing
used in connection with eye treatment
must be surgically pure. Keep out of
smoky or dusty air until the eyes have
grown strong again.
lather. The hardened sebaceous oil
is loosened* and readily absorbed by
the lather, hence the lather should be
rubbed thickly over the face with the
finger tips, avoiding irritating any sore
spots, although it i3 important that
they be thoroughly cleansed. Sop the
hot water on with a soft rag, wash
ing and rinsir.g free from soap, ending
with cold water. Dry and sponge with
fHjua: parts of water and witch hazel,
letting the mixture dry on. ;
broldered ends. In all white, to be tied
in a tma^t bow are popular and par
ticularly becoming to the girl with a
swanlike neck. AH manner of dia
phanous materials may be utilized in
making this style of stock for the
dressy two-piece suits. Four In hand
ties and stocks made of a combination
of white and colored Iinsn are also
plsasing. The color in the stock should
match the color in - the costume, for
fashion demands harmony in all acces
sories this season. Faggoting has lest
none of Its popularity, and the most
marvelous patterns are fashioned by
Its clever association with narrow blaa
bands of sheer lawn, which, by tha
way, can fcow be purchased ready
folded, which Ii —es perfect accuracy
of width, so essential to good Trork.
THE LATEST UN* SLEEVES
(.Vanity). — The dominating part of all
up-to-date waists is the new cut of
sleeves. Fashion, ever ready to offer
its devotees a multiplicity of variety.
has succeeded beyond our wildest
dreams In the matter of sleeves for
autumn and winter gowns. Even the
standard bishop sleeve has taken on
new curves, which distinguishes it
from former seasons by a seam and
darts to take ux> the fullness at the
waist and give the latest pouch at the
elbow, while the cuff Is cut attached
to the sleeve by clever shaping.. The
salient feature of the sleeves on im
ported model waisjs is their Immense
fullness, which makes It almost hope
less to attempt to remodel a Cne waist
unless the material can be matched or
combined. In some models the mass
of fabric Is held rather flat at the
shoulders by being laid la deep
unstitched plaits; again, fine tuck?
stitched half the length of the sleeve
are employed and the surplus width
shirred into the arrahole. A novel
long shoulder effect is developed in a
new shirred model by a clever bit of
shirring extending partly through the
length of the sleeve and about six
inches down from the shoulder seam.
The waist is seamless on the shoulder
and shirred alons where the shoulder
seam ordinarily is. and the rows of
shirring in the sleova blend in to
gether perfectly; in fact, some of th«
finest waists are cut so that the sec
tions of waist and sleeves are In a
single piece. Deep, close cuffa obtain.
as do also sleeves in double and triple
puff effects.
added fifteen drops of simple tinctur*
of benzoin to each quart of water. No
111 effects will be experienced but on
the other hand a delightful sense ol re
freshment. During: the summer, when
nature ia struggling to release impuri
ties through tha pores, It is a mistake
to resort too freely to preparations
which are designed to retard perspira
tion unless it is really excessive, ar.d
then some physical disturbance should
te sought and corrected. Perspiration
cleanses the pores and is a positive
blessing to the girl with rough skin. If
exercise is followed by a bath of warm
water and soap and then a cool soonee
or shower bath to close the pores and
tone uo the skin there will be a most
remarkable improvement noted in th-?
complexion by autumn, if you ar«
careful not to get badly sunburned and
refrain from clogging the pores by as
indiscriminate use of powder and
creams.
Perfumes of various kinds hold a pe
culiar position in the scientific world.
for they repel as well as attract. Musk
and almond Cowers are like so much
slow music and the result is anything
but elevating, while on the other hand.
clear lavender and cinnamon act as an
invigorating tonic So as in all things
else, it behooves women to select there
perfumes with care, not only on ac
count of the effect upon their friends,
but upon themselves as well, for no
one wishes to be made the victim of
flower scents.
There are a variety cf perfumes that
are pleasing, but very few that are
lasting. Occasionally, people seem to
think that the promiscuous use of
powerful, pungent odors will help out
in this way, but such is not the case.
Just as soon as a delicious sweetness
is set free, heat expends it and it slowly
but surely passes away.
This Is not bo with anything that is
tightly bottled. As soon as the cover
Is removed the fragrance is released
and permeates the house, but when the
lid Is put in place again, the oils are
bottled and grow stronger and rr.ore
pungent every day.
mon, nutmeg, mace, allspice, orange
pee!, lemon peel, arise seed and root.
In turn six srains of oil of rosemary
are added to this mixture and the
potpourri is ready to be sealed and
put away for a month to ripen.
Some people have a pet aversion for
musk and utterly refuse to use it in
any shape or form. They evidently do
not realize that in small quantities it
13 net or.Iy refreshing, but that it
retains its odor far better than any
thing else, and for this purpose a few
grams are frequently added to the pot
pourri and with excellent results.
I
main, so prepare the following Ingre
dients, coarsely powdered and stir then?
in: One cur.ee each cf cloves, cinna-
/-> EPTEMIJER is the month of
V^>. mouths to gather pine needles
X^j "iid lose petals for cushions, or
to use ir. making a potpourri to
yrc serve in rose jars.
Cf course, gathering pine neeii'ies Is
no trick, but a deal of patience is
m-edtvl ta strip them from the boighs
s.r.0 tu get them ready fur packing
purpesrs. In fact, one never realizes
«JlXt a gigantic task it is, for while
¦
th«:e ere trots ar.d trees laden down
Kith the frcth mosntainy srr.e'.iins
lictulej, they ;ire mean things to han
«IIc- cr.'l they have a most uneomfor
tr.blo propensity for matting down and
mckir-g themselves just as small and
• fface as pcrirfSf^
After one has labored ail afternoon
r.r.C r:?sts serene in the happy thought
that at least ore fresh pillow will be
addtd to the den couch, the dream is
suddenly interrupted and stern reality
Icu^hs in its sleeve and straightway
orders the combined force of summer
idlers out the following day.
Of course, the only beauty o* a pir.e
pillow is in its odor and for that reason
the covering should be as thin as pos
ejLle to emit the fragrance. But. on the
<-.ther hand, if the pillow is to be tucked
among ethers that are proud of their
daily usage, the prickly little points of
the pine are not the most comfortable
things imaginable. and of a dozen
pillcws, that particular cne insists on
remaining serenely on top of the pile.
Never f.il a cushion of this sort to
its limit. In the first place, the pillow
is uncomfortable and besides the pines
s-hak:r.g against each other break now
ar.d then and in this way the sweetness
is materially prolonged. Use a good
ticking for the inner slip and then In
tj.m ccver it with a thin China silk or
some sheer material whose preitiness
and daintiness will more than offset its
¦rht.
Potpourri ard pine needles are about
=:.v of one and half a dozen of the
ether when it comes to popularity, so
• r.fc ought r.ct to be mentioned without
the other. It is a singular fact that ia
this progressive age the art of the per
fumer has not fundamentally changed
and it is to be doubted whether the
fe-.:is of to-day, aided by modern
Krfence. make any better ointments or
street smelling sachets than did tha
p:rls in the time of Moses.
It is a well-known fact that there
ere no mere than eight flowers which
ylrld oils and that the perfumer must
combine these if she wishes to Imitate
the odor of any other Cower. Of course,
certain people have made a business of
this art and hav« succeeded so well
that there are to-day some sixty odd
extracts en the market that may be
had for the mere asking. Every
Sower is represented and dozens of
names have been utilized and even In
vented, so that each and every one of
the delicate odors may be distinctly
characterized in some fashion.
There are not many pomades or
sachets that are advisable to make
at home, bet the old-fashioned rose
Jar Bast be kept well filled and this
most decidedly is work for home hands.
The first thin* is to strip the roses.
Be careful to keep the leaves entire if
yea can, for they are not only prettier,
Vet seen to retain their odor far better.
There art two ways to make a pot
pourri, and oae is Just about as good as
the other. Put absolutely nothing Into
the receptacle but the petals of the
roses and salt. Rose petals, by the
way, must be used for all foundations,
as no ether Cowers will hold the flavor
ef Itself. Alternate layers of rose
petals and salt, pressing the salt down
cpon the petals. When the scent be
comes evident any other fragrant
Cower or petals or even leaves may
fc* added, such as violets, lemon ver
bena er geranium leaves. Cover the jar
with a tight Hd and after a day or so
the room win be Cooded with a deli
docs perfume every time the cover is
removed, and by being a little careful
the Jar will be a perfect well of sweet
ress for months at a time.
Wild roses gathered during the sum
mer months are most desirable, for
they breathe an odor peculiarly their
cwn. If cne cannot collect enough to
answer the purpose, the petals of va
ne us cultivated roses may b« added
and yet there will longer be a faint
suspicion cf the woods.
The other way is a trifle more com
plicated. In the first place the leaves
ere thoroughly sun dried and the
greatest of care should be taken to
see that they do not gather mold dur
ing this progress. Up and down, over
and over they should be turned, for
the half-decayed odor which lingers
with mold Is anything but agreeable.
The secret of this potpourri lies in
mixing the Ingredients. The petals are
packed down in a Jar or bowl, with
alternate layers of salt. Cover the top
of the bowl with a plate or something
that will fit down snugly. Every
twenty-four hours remove the cover
from the jar and Etir the contents op
¦welL Do this each day for one week, "
at the er.d of which time add three
ounces of allsplee. Then mix and stir
the mass each morning for three days
more, being careful to add each day
a quarter of an ounce of allspice and
ground cinnamon.
<Ey this time the contents of the pot
pourri are ready to be placed in the
ornamental jar. in which It is to re- v
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
13it. Her ideas of chaperonage are the same which prevailed in
the dark epoch, of the eighties — when the liberty of the subject
(so that subject were a girl) was as yet but dimly understood. Since then
the vvorldhas made great strides, but Fairford Manor has stood still. And
so a time-honored observance exacts that, an hour and a half before din
ner, we poor womenkind shall "seek our apartments." With what object,
real or ostensible, I am at a dead loss to divine. And though mv room
is a charming one, commanding a view of fields, now rich with buttercups.
I've no desire to be a orisoner in it. Howbeit, by mamma's earnest re
quest, when at Rome I do as the Romans do. It has at least the advan
tage of taking one back'in fancy to those. old starched days of Miss Edge-
worth's and Miss Ferricr's novels. But, more than this, I have* been told
that oh occasion her ladyship can show herself a very active and effi
cient whipper-in, allowing 'neither stragglers nor estrays. You will under
stand that I have no desire to prove her power in this respect. So I fall
into line. Besides, I believe that I belong to rather an old-fashioned fam
ily myself. Dear Romeo, do you consider this a great defect in me? I
shall not be happy till I know from your own lips that you do not. There
fore, if possible, I will contrive to be in the conservatory when the gen
tlemen join us after dinner. It is quite pleasant there. JULIET.
i*-'S. — Alas! I cannot manage the three minutes— am having mv hair
put up for the first time in a new style: the Hoppncr. Cdleste has made
friends with your William, and will give him this.
No. 3. R. Morgan to Miss Capulet. 11:30 v. m.
But one short half-hour since we said good-night, and already I am
longing to communicate with -ou! I feel I have so much to sav. * * *
And yet nothing whatever has happened. Dearest. I have . shirked the
smoking-room— I could not face it — and am here in my own room, alone,
thinking of you. Let, me trace a single line to be delivered bv the trusty
Celeste when she opens vo^ur shutters to-morrow morriing. * * *
Dearest #irl, I am standing bv the- open window, looking out upon the
lovely summer night, inhaling its sweet breath. All* is profoundly peace-
TITO. I. From R. Montacu. Esa., Fairford Manor, to Miss Capulct.
/\| same . address. Favored by Mil?. Celeste.
1 \ * *. * The hall clock tells me that but forty minutes have
V elapsed since the' skirts of a rose <hi Japoa tea-g-own H'«*re with
v - drawn from my unwilling sight, and an envious turning in the stair
case hid you wholly "from my^ view. Oh, my Juliet, have you yet to learn
I hat Love, who laughs at -tocksmiths, stands aloof from tlie handiworkiof
clockmakers? Love's sun is not that garish orb just now in act of descend
ing (ah, so slowly!) above the distant- summer woodland — Love's sun is the
presence of the loved one, potent to revolutionize the timepiece and the
calendar. And, therefore, it is midnight now when La'dv Fairford's
clocks would make it 7:1? of a June evening. ¦, This little library into which
I have turned for privacy, because Hugh Davidson and Leo Fairford arc iif
the smoking-room, and their presence at this moment to me is unbearable
— this library is dark as pitch, and I, your Romeo, am as one 'benighted.
* * * Courage. My almanac informs me that to-day the dawn? is
due at 8 p. m. It will be accomoanied by a rustling— of silk skirts, by. a
few notes of a voice which is far sweeter than any bird music.' And then,
a moment later, in the music-room, where we are. to assemble before din- '
ner, the sun will rise in all its beauty! Oh, that. I had begged you to be
downstairs three minutes before the rest of the party! On. the chance that
this may still be possible, I myself
shall be very early. Therefore, that
I may have time to struggle into
evening garments, I now conclude
this scrawl. Also that I may lie in
wait within my half-closed bedroom
door and so waylay your Celeste in
the corridor, and entrust this to her
bearing. R.
Xo. 2. Miss Capulet to R. Mon
tagu. Esq. Favored by William. .
* * It was sweet of you
to write. Believe me, Romeo, you
were not more loth to see "me
ro than I was to take my departure.
But our hostess in this house is
somewhat of a martinet. Her
views arc '.i<«t modern — far from
ful — not a sound rising above the^faint hushed stir, of woods and flowing
water, save now when from a tree upon the lawn a screech owl utters ita
sharp cry as of complaint. Dearest, this mood of nature is in harmony
with mine — it soothes and steals me from myself. And yet I cannot give
myself to nature as I once could — you, Juliet, come between us. That
-happy hour we spent in the conservatory — I am living it o'er again in rec
ollection. My love", I thank you for it. "And yet how nearly it was lost to
us! Oh, Juliet, what poor, frail, dependent creatures lovers arc! Our hap
piness, so unspeakable, is so much at the mercy of the first comer. I >h;ill
never forget this lesson, should I live to gray antiquity — to be considerate to
all lovers. Only remember! When I joined you in the conservatory, all
was as yet dire uncertainty^ Should we be allowed to follow our devices
- — you and I, the company in general: or. would some hideous mandate,
some malign proposal, issue from headquarters, which with a touch
should shatter and annihilate the bubble of onr bliss. As I saw how pre
carious was the 'situation. I trembled — positively trembled. For why is it.
Juliet — can you tell me — that there are so few people in this world of ours
who are content to live and let live — so few who can be happv in their own
way, and let others be happv in theirs? In brief, the question resolved it
• self into this: would the evening be devoted to delightful idleness and inde
pendence, or to hateful industry, assuming the shape of some sad game,
in which all must join or show good reason why? Much was at stake;
yet for a time all himg in the balance. Then that dear Lady Ernestine sat
down at the piano — mark mv words. Juliet, that woman is a good woman.
'Twas-a move in the right direction — a move in favor of individual effort,
and against collectivism. My spirits rose; but that was premature. There
was a great risk still to be passed. For, scarcely, darling, had we settled
ourselves agaipst the screen of a superb magnolia, when across the masses
of dark leaves and milky cups there camera grating voice: "You two are
wanted to play Bridge." Oh, cursed spite! It was the voice of that hook
nosed Miss Arrowsmith. a girl I never liked. Then, indeed, mv hopes
teemed toppling — another moment, and they must have crashed to the
ground. But our good angel befriended us. Though I share to she full
in the prejudice of the penniless against millionaires, I have always in
. stinctivcly liked Mr. Tirlington. You had made a conquest of him. and he
has thereby proved himself a man of taste. Old TirlinRton now effected
a diversion in our interest.- His word ca.rries weight with the entire
household — we were saved. A blessing on his lyart locks, and may the
mines of Kimberley yield him diamonds galore! That hour together was
the sweeter for having been so nearly lost to us. * * * Did you
share my. emotions, love? And now my cigarette lies cold and charred
upon the window sill. Dearest, good-night — good morrow. T should say.
I turn to sleep and dream of you. / ROMEO.
No. 4. Miss C. to R. M., Esq. T.yo a. m.
My Dearest! Yours to^ hand, as they say in the business world; and
here, in return, is a lump of sugar to sweeten your morning tea. But
perhaps you don't take sugar, sir. * * * Did I share vour emo
tions, you ask. I should think so, indeed! But, my dear, you may trust
my woman's eyes to see through a stone wall half as far again as vours.
You are pleased to say that I have made a conquest of the millionaire:
.well, at any rate, I am at.no loss to explain Miss Arrowsmith's eagerness
to play Bridge. Romeo! I hate that girl — no, I only pity her. You have
never given her encouragement, deaf. But that is not her fault. As for
Mr. Tirlington, he is a darling. With how much nuiet tact. he effected our
release from the scheming minx! Now it is your turn to be jealous, dear.
Seriously, I heard old T.'s history yesterday, and it is most sympathetic.
You know that he has never married. Well, it appears that in quite earlv
• life he was deeply attached to a beautiful young girl, who cared^very much
for him. Neither of them had a penny. Prudence triumohed. and he went
abroad to woo the goddess Fortune. For a long time she (the goddess,
I mean) was obdurate; and when at last he saw his fortunes mended it was
only to learn that his sweetheart had fallen a victim to an incurable mal
ady. This explains LTo remaining single. But though he has never mar
ried, he is a strong advocate of early marriages. Lady Fairford told this
yesterday, not to myself, but to Lady Ernestine. Yes, certainly, he is a
dear old man, and I am truly grateful to him. * * * Romeo, a
plan! I am a little wearv of that earnest a'nd detailed inspection of the
horses in the stables everv morning. Shall we this mornhig give the rest
of the party the slip, and have the boat out on the oool below the belve
dere, instead? There is no time for a written answer, dearest, so, if you
mean >'cs, offer me marmalade at breakfast. You know I never touch it.
but none of the others will ever twig that there is anything up.
No. 5. ,R. Montagu to Miss Capulet. • Midnight.
Juliet! What can this mean? I know not if I stand upon mv head or
heels. But let me endeavor to collect my scattered senses and explain.
On my going to the smoking-room this evening (for to have deserted it
twice in succession would have attracted attention) old Tirlington called
me to him. saying he wished to speak to me. I supposed it must be on
some question concerning the procedure of our English law courts — a
subject in which he takes a good deal of interest, and as to which he his
repeatedly come to me for . information — which I have giv¥n him as best
¦ I could. Judge of my amazement when to-night, instead of sending me
to drag out my neglected law books from their repose in my portmanteau,
he told me in so many words that he required a private secretary, and
made me a point-blan.c offer of the oost. As you may imagine. I. the.
brieflesj. who had never ftad but one big bit of luck in mv life before
(you know to what I allude, dear) I was completely* taken aback. I could
not believe my senses. But there must be a hitch somewhere. Perliaus
the post, though otherwise desirable, was unpaid. Not at all — the salary
was a very handsome one. And. after many Questions asked and an
swered. I could hear of but one difficulty in my way. And what do von
think that difficulty was? Why that I was a bachelor — ha. ha! For it
seems that the old buffer, who entertains largely both here and in Cane
Town, would have preferred (had that been possible) to have a ladv in the
house to receive his guests. Had that been possible! Oh, Juliet! will yon
help me surmount this difficulty? You have already promised that yon
would. Do not desert me now. * * * Oh, that 'twere morning!
What a waste of life is sleep! YOUR ROMEO.
How much now for the stern parent and the briefless barrister?
No. 6." Miss C. to R. M. Earlv Mom.
Dearest! T am so haopv — now our way in life is smooth. But let me
tell you 'all. Yesterday, after we had parted on the shore below the bel
vedere — thinking it more expedient to return to the house bv separate
paths; j'esterday I felt very sad. I thought how }'ou were to be absent
throughout the afternoon. And I thought of dear papa, who is so formid
able, though so good, and of all that you had just been telling me about
the years of waiting at the bar before work comes. Then I felt certain
that papa would never see these things as we saw them, never believe in
your bright future, or in the help that I could be to you. And then I felt
so disheartened that I broke down, and, being quite alone. I cried. But^
while my eyes were still inflamed with crying, who should come along but
Mr. Tirlington. And he asked me, speaking in the kindest voice, to tell
him all about it. And I did tell him all about it. I yielded to the impulse
of the moment, but of course I never dreamed of what would come of it.
Wh>% it's a fairy tale! Oh. dearest,- tell me I have not done indiscreetly — .
ves. tell me in the little library in half an hour. Celest* ihsll consign this
to William with ill spfed. Yours. ¦- :-v - J
. (Copyright in the United States of America.)
TRUE CHARACTERISTICS OF THE ELEPHANT
in a remote quarter, they seem to know
Ix. intuitively and their sorrow is as
plain to the eye as a human being's.
At such a time their trunks hang limp,
their eyes overflow with water and
their bodies lose that swinging motion
which they seem to be forever enjoy
ing. -T>
. "Their fondness for baby elephants
is almost human. The little one owned
by Ringling Bros, is a wonderful com
fort to the big herd. This youngster
is now over a year old and is as full
of mischief as a young colt. We give
him the liberty of the big barn, because
if we didn't he would wnlne and whim
per so as to get the whole elephant
herd into the dumps. He gets tha best
of everything that is fed to his elders.
and is selfish enough to take it all
even if- he can't eat it. It is fun to
see him try. to hide things that h-j
doesn't want, just for the mere sake
of keeping them. I am at a loss to
figure ihis out because his mothd was
an ur.selfljh' beast and his fath-3. was
a jolly, good-natured fellow, who would
lei any of his mates lick up his bran
without any . kick.
"The daughter is b<*st at her father
in-law's house and the elephant i3 best
at the Ilajah'a. Is the Indian way of
saying that daughters and elephants
are an expensive luxury. But however
that may be. and all good thins3 after
all come under the head of cost, don't
let anybody lead you into the belief
that an elephant belongs to the savase
c)uis some writers .claim."
*T E was a ' cheery, red-cheeked
L-J German and had just settled
J[ . I himself to an after dinner
*S smoke. He had probably turn
ed forty and at least half his years
had been devoted to elephant train
ing. He was known aa a close mouth
ed men, but tha experience of the day
or a pipe full of good tobacco had
broken that spell. To look after the
welfare of forty elephants, which he
must do. does not loom up as an at
tractive job, but- there were no lines
of care In his face.
"The best part of my life has been
cpeni In the company of elephants and
nearly every day somebody tells me
things about them I don't know. What
makes me most tired is the fool ques
tion about bad elephants. A bad ele
phant is a freak and is seldom come
up with. The big beast is as domestic
&s the horse, although a - little" too
cumbersome for the same uses. When
an elephant gets a little cranky, there
is always some light headed attend
ant, it seems, to fly off and say he is
crazy*. Xinety-nine times out of a hun
dred the poor elephant has been bad
ly treated and as he cannot talk he
does about the only thing he can do,
and trumpets his disgust and maybe
eases his feelings by taking a crack
with his trunk at something within
reach. If that happens to be a help-
fronr it.. You* see, I, carry a slender
stick that hardly has strength enough
in it to make a puppy yell. Yet a tap
from that will mak<? any of my big tlc
phant family obey.
Because the elephant is such a big
affair-' most people think he 'must be
full cf danger. That is all nonsense.
Did you , ever notice how fond they
are of children? Who ever heard of
an elephant hurting a child? Why. in
our winter quarters the boys and girls
will , pet them arid walk among, them
and the elephants enjoy it.
"The animal is really of a, loving
disposition and very gentle and obe
dient. I have! never known but one
runaway. How many houses could we
say that of? The poor fellow was
then frightened out- of his wits by
an exploding locomotive and. after he
had gone a few miles from the strange
noise he slowed up as if he had sensed
the thing and looked a little foolish.
A boy could have led him back to th»
starting place he was so meek. An
elephant is not much on the run, any
way. His natural'ogait is" a walk. He
might increase that to a fast -shuffle
of about twelve or fifteen' miles an
hour,- for a short distance. On a flat
piece of country a good runner could
keep. out of his way, .but in the-jungle
that, could not be done unless the run
ner concealed himself.
"A lot of the stories about elephants
carry hatred for certain people and
getting square with them sooner or
laterl don't' take any stock in.. Most
of them started in India withcopper-
skinned natives, 1 who knew the white
man would swallow anything sensa
tjcna! and he would' have 1 no chance
to prove the thing otherwise. A fel-
Iojw came to me last year and wanted
to know which elephant it was that
chewed up the end of a bamboo stick
until the fiber was like a broom and
then reached it out and twisted it in
the hair of an attendant to draw him
to him so he oould crush him. I told
him the good elephant had gone to an
animal hospital to be treated for the
gout. Another fellow wanted to know
v.hich elenhant it was that refused to
ptrform while his keeper wa3 away on
a vacation, and tried to make trouble
when compelled to do his act and
finally refused to eat- anything until
th«.man returned. I told him the ele
phant was now going to. night school
and could only be seen here in the
daytime.
"The real elephant— the one I 'know —
is, the best natured wild animal in the
world. He is affectionate, loyal, obedi
ent, and as ready to learn as a child.
He looks on the cheerful side of things
2nd- will play with his neighbor, even
when so old that his bones are stiffened
by rheuniatlsm. They have a family
feeling, and when one is sick it would
do your, heart good to see the others
give it attention. They will bring
bundles of straw to make its bed, will
toss wisps of hay. over Its back and
body (a practice elephants love) and
save the choicest of the food they may
pickup for the ailing- elephant. When
one of them dies, even If it happens
chained near Sandy, and began to no
tice things. Jip has a jaw assquar?
as a corner t stone, 'Which is unusual
in elephants" and his chest.' is wide
and deep, which" shows that he could
go some if thorpughly : roused. ¦'- -He
began to cut, into Sandy's sweet thing:;
and got caught . by the red. headed
helper, -who jabbed him unmercifully
with his steel hook. '
"It was a good thing I did not catch
him at it,' because I know -what a bad
effect that has upon "the animal. 1
can read an elephant's 'eye and» every
day.. I look them over .carefully. . I
saw there was something wrong with
Jip, but the attendants said nothing.
There seems to be- a -sort ; of .Masdlriry
among them. Before, a week went by
Jip saw his chance and picked, up his
enemy in his trunk, squeezed him sav
agely and !then 'tossed.' him into a hay
bale • about : twenty . feet off. -It was
good for. the man that he struck the
cushion ; of - hay, . for Jip ,¦; had put a
whole lot; of steam into the, toss. The
fellow was hurt a good' deal, but no
bones were- broken,' and after he got
over the i shock I' gave him -his . wages
and told him to never come. near the*
tent again. I; don't think he will.
"Now, -that elephant did., no more
ilian any other animal of the" domestic
kind or some well-controlled people
would .do.. I 'did- not v whtp him nor
scold him- for .what he did, but passed
it- over without any excitement what
ever.- 'Thk voice . means . a ¦ whole » lot
to an, elephant, 'and he can tell pretty
well how the speaker feels toward him
er who doesn't stand well with the
moody elephant you can bet- some
time will, roll by before that fellow
will bother my bier friend again.
"When a horse or a dog makes a
bad break with somebody he doesn't
like tbere is no wild talk about
strangling: or shooting . him. I never
in my life knew an elephant to hurt
anybody unless he had been driven to.
it by the meanness of the victim. Ele
phants are as kind hearted and tender
as women, and respond to little atten
tions.in the same way; and in the same
way, just like a woman, . when they
get soured, it takes a, long ,. while to
sweeten them again, if it can be done
at all.
• "Last year I had a man working for
me . who got along flrst-rate with . the
elephant herd and-played no favorites.
That was a; good plan, because th<?
beasts are rather jealous and apt to
get sulky oh. that account. -This chap
was very fond of cider, as I afterward
found out. You know about a menag
erie every man must be strictly tem
perate. A big," good . natured beast,
named Sandy, was given a bottle of
this sweet stuff one afternoon and it
seemed to reach the right spot with
him. After that every time the at
tendant came in sight Sandy would
give him a pleasant squeak of rec
ognition. This struck the fellow's
good side and he began to spend a good
deal of time with Sandy and to. sneak
him sugar beet and rice cakes, of
which he was very fond.
"Jip, a half grown youngster, was
THE - SAN ) i FRANCISCO - SUNDAY: CALL
A BATEH
OF LOVE LETTERS
14THE SAN FRANCISCO: ; SUNDAY CALL.
had just been criticising his clerk lor
not, ottering a reduction to Mr. Ferris,
if it had .been merely a question of
price. Youns college men who could
swim and handie a sailboat and. lead n
cotillon were not to be permitted to
leave his hotel without a strenuous ef
fort to prevent such a catastrophe.
And while this little comedy was be
ing enacted Nell Standish was walking
' dutifully at her mother's side on the
ocean pathway, a picture of simplicity
in embroidered white linen amidst the
elaborately gowned throng. • ,
"It- certainly seems odd." said Mrs.-
Standlsh with a puzzled expression.' ,
Nell shrugged her shoulder impa
tiently. :-;
"It's the eccentricity of wealth, rot
of; genius.. It used to hurt mefwhan
we were in London to hear young men,
criticised forthelr freakish tastes, but
. really; I nnr beginning to find there j IS
Eome truth iin the criticism! I pre
sume he enjoys posing as a life-saver,.
' an umateur Greek strong- man— -" / In
spite of: her' hot. anger ahe^ couldn't
forget ; how - superbly strong he " had
looked. -perched ,the observation
.tower In his bathing suit. '.".,' "He" had
the grace not to wear his college'col
ors, but I am amazed that Jim-Ferris
, should - want to. pose v bef oreVa lot > ' of
silly, chatterlnsr^summer reporters." -.
*'. T She, spoke with^as muchsscorn as If
*h'e were not one of ..the '-class? which
%he- was --excoriating.-', -¦: The next
¦ morning she carefully avoided; the ob
servation ¦ post 'daring bathing hours,
Jand sat on the other, side of the pier.
. A ., bull '4 pup, .however. :¦ did not
; Bhare>her feeling andr; deliberately.
' sneaked away ¦ from • his f mistress ' and
' Planted ' himself at the foot of the lit-
That night her mother sent , for him
and right bravely Nell met him in
their little, parlor. Sho .gave him the,
letter to read. It was the one her
brother, had written telling : of the;
wreck of the Ferris fortune and Jim's
plucky determination^ to " do the first '
thing that offered— tutoring-: some boys
who were staying : at. "South Beach.
He handed back* the letter with a
grave smile.
"Yes. It's true; I. am tutoring the
Douglas boys at * their .father's cot
tage on the lower beach, but I found.
I could pay my board -by taking the
lifesavlng Job. and I have to count^even
the pennles.vriow you know." ....• .'_>;
Nell looked up. at him shyly, then
her eyes' dropped tha blaze In
his:- ?; - -v •
••I— F think I'd like to try my hand
at— at— helping you, dearest." r* •
(Copyrlrht, 1904, by T. C. McOttrfc) )
Ferris dived like a rlsh and came
up: to fight for his own life as .well
as the bather's. There was only one
way for it. and as he felt himself be
ing dragged down, he struck the man
a mighty -blow and then floated ths
Inert body to the beach,, whare tha
crowd of hysterical women and chil
dren closed In upon him. He'forcccl
them apart and carried his silent bur
den up the beach. As he passed the
observation post he saw Nell leaning
against It, white to the lips, and still
holding the fluttering pages in. her
hand.. " ?¦'¦:-¦-.
dash Into the surf. • A mighty breaker
met the llfesaver. but he went through
it like ; an. arrow, and struck out for
the man, who was. coin? down for the
last time. The sea was like glass out
here and the man sank slowly. Fer
ris recognized at a glance that It was
a case of cramns.
y-ftel FERRIS, stroke on the Yale
1 crew, twined his long brown legs
\ tight around the post of the South
QJ Beach lookout and pulled his yel
low duck hat viciously over his eyes.
Then he shoved It back again' and
stared straight out to sea.
It had been a direct cut and he
hadn't expected it of her. He wished
that some foolhardy swimmer would go
out beyond his depth or be seized with
a cramp, so that he might. go out after
him and battle for life among the
breakers. But Instead It proved to be
an aggravatingly dull day. The sea was
smooth as glass, yet the bathers clung
tenaciously to the ropes.
He had always looked upon the self
supporting men at college as fellows to
be envied. They were always doing
things. It took mettle — It took nerve —
the sort of nerve he had felt the need
of that very morning when he had
looked down to meet the eyes of Nell
Standlsh changing from amazement to
a certain contempt which he could not
understand. i--
Before her coming It had been a mer
ry morning. Small boys had chased
him Joyously down the beach, and pret
ty girls and flirtatious young matrons
had cast him approving glances. He
had felt that the "wages of a private
life-saver . near a fashionable ' bathing
pavilion were doubly paid, but now—
The tide came booming In and drove
the bathers out of the surf, lunch gongs
summoned dawdlera from the sand and
Ferris slipped down from his po3t and
Umped swiftly toward the bathing-
Ktle tower "to d'stract -the attention of
£zits- occupant - from the bathers who
3 we're '...risking 1 their lives beyond the
ropes. -. • • •
•;¦ As the duya went by Ferris became
accustomed but not reconciled to her
presence at South Beach. He might
have felt better If his life had been
""a more active one, but ,the bathers
were distressingly careful. An occa
sional diish after u frightened girl 'or
the care of some "careless nursemaid's
charge was the extent of his duties a3
life-saver. v- - .
Then came an August morning
when the pongee parasol passed di
rectly under his post. The -firm.
.tanned hand which showed beneath it
clasped ,a large package of letters.
Evidently Miss Standish's mall had
. beeiva .heavy one. c She sat down on
" the j sand within the , range of Ferris
vision and opened the mall, ' which,
he could see quite plainly enough now,
. had ; been forwarded . from various
: points.
Her • slim, firm hand was turning :
pages rapidly. She whirled upon her
.mother with - a sudden, excited, ex
clamation, and both women turned and
looked-at him. He felt himself; flush
even at-th!s distance.. Perhaps they
-knew* how curious he had felt about,
their "mall. He was a beastly cad..
.Suddenly, the girl rose to her feet.
She iv.aa coming directly toward him,
with the French . bulldos capering
nhend.;,' The open letter was still in
her hand. v:
.Suddenly from the crowd bobbing
shapelessly. aimlessly. In the white-'
surf- there arose a cry. He re
'• alized : on the . instant ; that ; It - was no
small ; demand upon his , ability and
Jstrengthl The man, was some dis
tance beyond. the ropes, . and ; he . went
down for the second . time before : Fer
ris, swift swimmer that he was, could
;By-Doro1lhy Dotagjlas
house. He had not realized till then/
how tightly he had clasped his legss
around the post. Hfs position had been^
an outward and visible sign of the in
ward but not spiritual storm that*
raged. Yes, it was going to be a little
harder than he had thought. Then he
squared his shoulders and threw up his
head proudly. ¦
. Evidently she had thought the mat
ter over and repented of her rudeness,
for that night when they came face to
face In the hotel dining-room she .
bowed to him, not with the old air of
comradeship, but, with a forced polite
ness that he felt almost as keenly as
the morning cut. He bowed gravely
and crossed to his table, which was on
the far side of the large room. Half an
hour later he was at the desk In the of
fice asking for his bill. It was Impossi
ble that he should remain In the same
house with her under the circum
stances. He had once thought— But
one may think many times on an in
come of seven ' thousand a year, f
He turned abruptly, climbed •.'.the
stairs and commenced to throw things
into his trunk and grip. Then. he sat
down on the edge of the bed and
laughed at himself. It was all so ab
surd and childish. .This wan a -fine be-,
ginning for a chap who had his way: to
make. He was hauling down his colors
at the first shot. She would guess why
he had left, and a mere difference of
hotels could not: prevent his '- meeting
her. The resort. was small arid exclu
sive..- You were forever stumbling over
people you ¦ liked. let ! alone the : people,
you didn't like to meet. %G0f&8m
So he emptjed his trunk, hung up his
garments and went down :: to tell the -
clerk he had changed his mind. The
proprietor of the hotel happened to be
In the office and he looked greatly re
lieved over Ferris' decision. In fact, he ;
By ' Richard Si*e!t©E*
IT was the regulation suburban
veranda, broad, cool, immaculate.
Before it weB the regulation plot
of freshly clipped lawn, bisected
by a path, the edges of which
were geometrically precise. A faw rods
up the street, far enough away to be
unobtrusive, yet near enough to fur
nish Just the right amount of light, was
the regulation street lamp. Even
the regulation suburban mosquitoes
hummed <ioislly. about and were duly
cursed and slaughtered.
Hardwick, stretched comfortably in
a steamer chair, blew smoke rings
thoughtfully In the still air. Vanetia,
seated near by in a low rocker, idly
traced the ehadow of the vine with the
toe of a little shoe.
"Is it very awful down there?" she
asked.
"Charming country!", said he sardon
ically. "When It isn't racked by earth
quakes, it's enjoying a tornado. About
the time you begin to take these little
pranks of nature as a matter of course,
come peaceful old volcano, that scien
tists declare has been extinct for innu
merable centuries, lets Itself loose and
changes the .geographical situation for
several square miles, or yellow -fever
breaks out and gathers In everybody
WHEN LOVE HESITATED
quired. /
"That it prohibits one from being
a suburbanite of the aforementioned
variety. Van." he said, rising sudden
ly and standing by her chair, "I never
intended to tell you! but perhaps we'll
both feel better if I do. I went down
there intending to make my pile and
come back here to marry you. The
pile is still to be made and it looks
as if I were doomed to stay there for
ever. But don't think it was because.
I didn't love you enough or because 1
I haven't done my best."
The girl looked up at hia earnest
face and something In It filled her
with pity. She had intended to reply
lightly. Instead her eyes fell and ehe
was silent.
"You understand, don't you?" he
gaid after a pause. \
"So. I don't understand," she said
sharoly. -
She was aware he stepped back as if
he had been struck.
• "I don't understand ho-.v— how you
could misjudge me so," she said.
"Misjudge you!" he cried.
"Yes." she said, "that is Just what
you have done. Do you think all my
hopes are bounded by a house ra a
conventional suburb with a conven
tional lawn and all th& rest of ¦ It?"
She turned her head and looked
across the well-kept lawn. Whenishe.
spoke hsr voice had softened.
"Teddy," shs Maid, "have you ever
"Nevertheless he will," Hardwlck
returned. "That's the worst of that
God-forsaken country," he ended ir
relevantly.
"What's the worst of it?" she in-
'.'Let's make it personal." he sug
gested. "When I think of you I imag
ine you married to some- nice, re
spectable suburbanite, who comes out
every night on the 5:13 and. finds you
waiting for him and a fire burning in
the hall fireplace and dinner ready in
the oozy dining-room, and — "
The jrirl interrupted with a mock
ing laugh.
"Tha nice, respectable suburbanite
hasn't loomed on the horizon as yet,"
she said.
"Well," said he. "for one thing it
simplifies matters. Down there when
you think about people you know it
makes you very unhappy. You get to
imagining all sorts of things."
"For instance," she prompted, as he
paused. *
who hasn't succumbed to prior calami
ties"
"And yet you are going back there
to-morrow," she said.
"Yes," he returned bitterly.
"And forget all about us up *here
after a week or so," fche said lightly.
"Forget us so completely , you" won't
even write us a line."
"I wish I might fprget," he. said fer
vently. *
"Why?" she asked.'
heard, of" tha country called Any
where?"
"I'm afraid I don't follow you," he
said- stiffly. -. ' •- - - .
"Listen," she Bald, "and I'll tell you
about It. It is a very delightful" coun
try,'Teddy, no- matter what Us en
vironments — hot or j cold, peopled- or
desert, fruitful or barren. It Is always
charming to the girl who really care3.
because it is his country and he Is
there. It. Is lovable because of : him."
She stopped, half frightened by. her
own words. He stood quite atiU for a
moment, then suddenly b$nt over her
and took both her hands in his own.
"Dear little girl," he said; "dear,
brave Httle girl! You tempt me into
the selfish cowardice of taking you
there." 0
She felt his big hands tremble; then
he stood erect.
"But you shall not make that sacri
fice," he announced with determination.
She looked at him squarely and her
gray eyes never faltered.
"The land of Anywhere la worth the
sacrifice," she said.
Through the open windows across
the way floated the tinkle of the piano
and the snatches of song. Hardwlck
bent over the brown head that rested
on his shoulder. -T'l "^'- i
"You and I will find this land of
Anywhere." h«» ! whispered. • !
"We have found it^aearest," said the
Sir!.
THE COUNTRY OF ANYWHERE
"Pete, he seen her one day, an* it
didn't take him more'n a couple of m'n
i.its to fisser out thet she was the onlj
:,al hf'd ever loved. So he looked up
barn HofEett, what dJr.e the h:rln' o*
the teacher, an* got him to give him a
knock-down. Xext day Pete ast'har
to man;' him.
"Xov; ther' aint ro gal what's got a
tent's worth of gumption goin' f think
nrvre'n a couple of times 'fore she take3
up with an offer liks th&t. 'specially
when the man's good lockln* like Pete
was an' has more moiiey'n ha knows
what to do tvlth. An' thet's the wa7
it was in th'.s cas-\ Didn't take th»
gal long to' conc!oodo 'at Pete was
the only man she'd ever loved, an' she
said she'd have him. r
"The preliminaries beln' conclooded
Swart Pete beju:'. preparations f'r th'
tig event. Fust cf alt He got out his
'nuur.cener.ts an' invertations. Th?r'
wasn't nuthln' small 'bout Pete, an'
his invertations was some incloosive.
They wasn't nobody left 'out bat the
Injun.« an' Chinese. Ke hed 'em printed
on big: white cards an' tacked 'em up
along ail the trails leadin' into the hills
an' canyons. Xear as 1 kin racollek
they read somethln* li:co this:
" 'Swart Pete is goin' to be married
an' everybody is invited 'ceptin' In-
IT was hot In Grizzly Gulch. 6wei
tr;;:.^.; ' • . ~'~- he*t seerucd to be
a mateaia! :h nj. s» oppressively it
v»eiph£d tlu-.vn on o-.e. Fcr several
hours I he ! b^en trying with small
Fuccets to- to burir.ess in the bUsteiinf
little mountain town, but the heat was
dircourajr'.r.j c rii at last I gave it up
and 5ouph* 'heller in the shade of the
porch surr-inrdin? "Charlie's Hotel."
There 1 found the Ancient Miner. He
uas sittir.;; with his feet on the rail
ir.p. gazir? cut thoughtfully c.t the dis
tant mountains, seen hazily through
the quivering, heat-iaden atmosphere.
Occasionally he raised his har.d to
brush E'.vay a troublesome fij'. Other
wise his pese ir.dicated absolute rest
fulness.
By way cf rr.akir.g conversation, I
remarked to the Ancient Miner:
"There's going to be a big wedding in
town to-night, 1 see."
"Ei£ weddin'? No. stranger, right
there's vhere you're mistaken. There
ain't been a big weddin' here for years;
not since Swart Pete was married.
Course there's been lots o' folks got
spliced, but as f'r big weddin's, well,"
end the Ancient Miner paused medita
tively and shifted his quid to the other
cheek. "Well, Swart Pete's weddin'
jest r.achurly laid over anythin' that's
happened 'round these dig-gin's since
Hec was a pup."
"Tell me about it," I said, scenting
a yarn.
"What, you don't mean t' 6ay, stran
ger, thet you ain't never heard 'bout
Swart Pete's weddin'? Must be 't you
ein't been Icr.g in these parts."
I reluctantly confessed that this was
my first visit.
"We 11 then, stranger. I'll Jest per
ceed t* tell you 'bout It," and the An
cient lliner tilted his chair back
against the wall and ppat meditatively
irto the distance. "But chin work is
exhaustln' exercise," he eald suggest
ively. I saw the point.
"Aini nothin' like a little nose paint
to He cp a man's reco-llector," he re
zsarked es he set down his empty glass.
"So you ain't never heard of Swart
Pete's weddin'? Well, it's 'bout time
that defect in your eddlcation was
remedied end I'll perceed to enlighten
you on the subjeck.
"This weddin'. as I was sayin' afore.
Jest plumb laid over anythin* that's
ever been pulled oft 'round this neck of
the woods. But fust I'll hev to inform
you en how it come about.
"Swart Pete come out here 'long
•bout th* time th' fust pay dirt was
struck In the gulch. He was a tall,
rood lookin' young German, with
black hair an' black eyes, an" a good
word rr everybody. Like all the rest
of us he spent most of his time dig
gin* holes in the mountain, but he
didn't 6eeni to hev much luck an' ther*
didn't none of his holes seem to pan
cat much.
"But 'long 'bout th' time Pete hed
been here a couple of years he struck
It — kinder accerdent'Iy. you know.
Was chasin' a runaway burro up in
one of th' gulches one day when he
happened to see a pecoollar lookin'
rock. Stopped to look at It and found
It was sure enough pay dirt.
"Well, Pete he jest Quietly staked
out his cLiim an' set to work on it an*
•fere lens: he hed more money'n he
knowed what to do with. Most of the
raen would hev bucked th* tiger till
It was all gone, but Peter he wasn't
thct Iclnd. But all the same he wanted
to celebrate an* he didn't know Jest
"zzctly how he was groin' to do It. Pete,
he thought an* thought, an' at last he
pot an idee. Hi would git married.
Thc-r* hadn't never been a weddin' at
Grizzly Gulch an' ko this would be
scmetbin' new.
"But ther's one pecooliar featoor
'bc-Jt jrettin' married- Ther's allus got
to be a woman in the case. Thet's
vhy I've allus fought shy of th' propo
sition. Cut Swart Pete was a dead
game n:,ort an* he wasn't 'fraid of
nothin'-r^nct even a bundle of calerco.
On!y th;n^ thet bothered him any was
whose hs was goln* to get th' female.
Cut Peter never was th' kind to be
»t'jn:j»ed Ly trifles an' he begun to
look riroun' an' take notice. Wimmln
hi them day3 wasn't so blamed plenti
ful cs they are 'now an' it looked as if
Ptte mfght hev a hard time pullin*
thet veddin' off.
"Howsomever, it so happened thet
'tout thet time ther' was a little gal
out here who'd come out to. civilize
th' natives an* Incidenfly to teach
school. ' But she found she was up
against It good an* hard. She didn't
cten'to be makin* what you might
call a howlin' success of th* clvillzln*
business an' school teachin' wasn't all
roses, Tieither. She was a nice lookin'
little piece of calerco, too. with big
blue eyes en' a wistful kind of a look
'bout her, *s if she needed somebody
to take care of her.
".'Liza'.' said the Jedge to the blushin'
bride, *do you promise to feed an' sup
port Swart Pete to the best uv your
ability, fo help you?*
"Liza looked kinder .dumfoozled, but
blushed real pretty an' said she would.
" 'Then I pernounce you man an* wife
an' may God have mercy "co^you both,
amen,* said the Jedge. sp.' the" boys
turned loose a yell an' v I shot , all the
winder? out, Jesttoshdw" Vh&i -they ap
proved uv ;he sentence. v-BroneHo Bill
In a absent-mindedl'hToment 'nv keer
lessness perforated a Chink wfcat hap
pened to^be standin' 'cross, the -road la
the -way. but as he didn't owe nobody
nuthin' ther wasn't no harm done."
"When Swart Pete an* his bride en
tered the door the band struck ,up Th«
Arkansaw Traveler,' ' them "•• noble an'
flttin' strains, after which the -.weddin'
party ranged themselves In their re
spective corners an* the doin's com
menced. The Jedge begun by askln' If
ther was anybody present . .what had
any reason to offer- why "this weddin*
should not take place. ,. / s wart Pete's
hand crept round kinder ( keeriess like
toward where he kept his. i hoqtln'-lron.
an' nobody had nuthln' to say.
•"The Jedge then perceeded. but sonv»»
how he g£t kinder " rattled -an* hi*
speech got mixed up in his mind.
" 'Swart Pete." he said real aolum. 'do
you promise that you will. luv. honor
an', obey this woman what you're mar
ryiri" for the' balance uv : yo"ur natural
days?' '. , As T" said before,^ Pete wa3
dead game, an' he said "yes* 'thout
turnln* a hair.
"Well, at last the day uv ot'fh* bl«
doin's arrove. All tha boys .'coma In
from tha hills early. Also ths eels
bra tin" commenced early. Pets- -wouldn't
let nobody pay for nothln* thct day,
so you can Jest bet the booza shops did
a howlln* biznes. Some of tha- boys
caught two Chinks right after break
fus an* tied their pigtails together an*
set 'em to flghtln*. Say, bava yon ever
heard two Chinks cussin each other In
Chinese? Well, if you ever get tha op
pertunlty you don't want Xjx. miss It-
It's wuth the price uv admission easy.
But this was Jest a kind uv -side Issue.
The motto of the day was. "drink
early an' ofen,* an* ' everybody lived
up to the motto."
"The weddin' was scheduled to take
place at noon. Pete wasn't mitnin* If
no.t fashnable. Long 'fore that tlma
the schcol house was filled to over
flowlB*. When the boys what had been
out 'tendln* the obsequies uv Hors»
Shoe Charlie arrove they wasn't no
room fur 'em to get In,' but seein' as
how'thev'd been performln'^a public
"duty. Jedge Smith made" aoiixe uv the
others move' out ah' make a place
fur 'em. r ¦ - ' **.? '-.'.
"Swart Fete wasn't; perzackly what
you might call pious— anyway, it didn't
show on 'lm nuff to hurt-*-an' he didn't
purpose to have the Joyousness. uv the
'casion spiled by anythin* uv a religious
natur. So. 'stead uv havln'. Parson
Jones, tha reg*lar sky pilot, perform
the cer'mony he ast Jedge Smith to
fix 'im up. The Jedge- had been Jestice
uv the Peace here fur 'bout two years,
but they hadn't never no* waddln'a corns
his way. His official dutiesTbed been
mostly confined to persidin' at necktie
parties an* sech, an' to be suddintly
called 'pon to unite these two palpi
tatin* hearts plumb rattled *lm.~He said
he didn't know how to go.-at'-lt. an*
Jest pint blank refused to: 'tempt the
"But when the boys heard thet ther*
was a chanct uv the match hayln' to b«
declared off on this ' "count they cor
ralled the Jedge an' perlltely Informed
him that if he persisted In sech con
duct prejudicial to the good uv ths
community his friends .'an* relatives
*ud hcv a oppertunitv to- plant flowers
on his last res tin' place.: The Jedgs
seen the put of the arg-gyment an*
submitted peaceful. Ha fixed cp iom»
kind . uv a cer'mony an* lernt It by
heart; > v ". -
"An", say, stranger, niebbe you" think
they didn't all come. Ther* was only
one man 'thin -fifty mile what didn't
show uy . at those doin's.. That was
Horseshoe Charlie, an' he would uv
come, only the boy3 strung him up that
mornln' 'bout daylight fur .stealin'
Jedge Smith's bay horse. .-Charlie said
he didn't so much mind , b«in'.- hucg,
"cause he'd allus expected to -wind up
that way, but he did think they might
uv waited till he'd wemvt'o the w.eddln*.
" 'After the weddin* ceremony has
been conclooded everv one will repair
to the Taller Dog Hotel, "where all sorts
of good 'thinss to eat will be served to
everybody. All come an* Join In the
fun. Swart Pete foots the' bili3.*
Juns an* Chinks. The weddin'' will take
place s at the scacolhouse on the 13th
of June. The Skcokum brass band will
furnish flttin' music. fur. the occasion,
an' the exercises will be- ; onusually
{."ood.. ¦• -
SWART PETE'S WEDDING
AT GRIZZLY GULCH.EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
guori, Agnew; Rosa- Luvlse", 1203 Pierce
street, San Francisco; Henry Meyer,
237 Minna street, San Francisco; Edna
McCaughlin. Sacramento; Louis ; Mur
ray, Ross; Violet March,' Stockton; May-
Martin. 1620 Central avenue, San Fran-
''Cisco: "Margy.'Mastick,' 1213; Jonea street.
., San Francisco;"; Philip Murray. Sausa
: llto; •» Fran kle a Murray, ; Ba"usallto; "• Leo
McCauley, Alvi8o; iMabel.Morrisun/,1321
street. Oakland;. Eva-rMeaghefv
.^Slii^W.ebster i-stieet.: San . . Francisco;
- r-HeleTV If agle, Santa. Rysa ; Arn>v Oclis,
l 4i9 street; San 'Francisco; Rjiy
?morid:' Orpin, 1 ". 121 Fourth 'dvertue,^ San
-Francisco; Hiram -Pfather,^ Suisun;
Willie .'Phelan,: 1017 Tenth, street; Oak :
land; Arthur Poulin, • 626 ,': Harrison
- street, San Francisco; Elmo Pinkerton,
20:57 Howard . street. ; % San Francisco;
Marie Priest, . 327 Fourteenth street, San
FrunclBco ; - Dorothy Plumnier/. Center
ville; .Alice* I'uulln, 526 HarrifHiit: street,
San, Francisco; Oracle' r 1103
Willow: street,, Oakland ; r . W. *Rbbins"q^.
S23 Ashbury .street; .; San -/,' Francisco; ¦
Charles rRobinson.v S25 Ashbury'^street,':
San Francisco:^Eilaj Russell. 56; Han
cock street, ¦ San ; '-Francisco; 1 'George -
Ryeison; ; 21S.1 }Unlon~ street" . San - ; Fran
cisco*; ' Kegina .' Ryers'on, . 2133 Union '
Btreet. Baa ' Francisco; Wili Rudolph,
-.604 Merchant street,"- San Francisco;
. Mabel; Robinson,?, San Rafael : ,E.ySin
nott; ',407 ; Hayes street, - San Francisco ;
Dorothy SegelckeJ 507 Buchanan street,
;'. San ; ,Fraricisc6; Harry Segelcke, . : 1507
Buchanan ,- /street; '--' San . Francisco: '¦;¦ Ed
-Smith,* l-SOCallforhfa^ street,' San Fran
..Cisco: Edna' Schulte, 1612. Chapin street,
Alaiiieda: Mildred Smith, "532 Turk
'street. San /-Francisco;*. Norma /Soher,
* 1357; McAllister I Btreet, -. San '. Francisco;
; Hubert ;i BohCT,; 1357V McAllister, street,
Saa Franclaco; •• B. SUvey, 833 Cherry
stieet, San Francisco; Teddy. Smith,
.07 East Fourteenth . street, Oakland;
i^vanseline Stewart, 603 Green street,
".Sari^Frahcisco; Edin Shaw, San Quen
f ;tin; ? Herbert . Steinbach. 1253 Twelfth
street., East Oakland; Elmer Short. 1538
: Forty-'eighth street.! San..,Francisoo;
Rose Sagehorn;- 866 Castro street, Oak
land; Merle Sagehorn," 866 Castro street,
•San, Francisco; Anna Somerville, Ag
new;-.Elsie Storz, Sacramento; Mar
garet Thorp, , Sacramento; ¦ Rudolph
Traytner, , 2540 ; McAllister street, San
Francisco; Milton Thomas, 324 Elsie
street, San Francisco; >Mildred Tade,
Berkeley; -Emma ;Tubbs,< 1224 York
Street,- San Francisco: Edith .Vander,
Vallejo; Thelma "Wlnn, Sacramento; J.
"Wenderlng, Berkeley; Joe ,.Williams,
,102t Regent, street, Alameda; ' Zelma
"Wethern,; 1264 Seventh avenue. East
Oakland; Byna Williams, Stockton;
Margaret Williams, 102t Regent street,
'Alameda; -Carleton White,- 3624 Sacra
mento" street, ;' SariV. Francisco; ' Violet *
White^ 1264 -Twelfth ; avenue, East Oak
land ; ¦ Gertie -Walker, 472 Geary street,
San , Francisco; . %Jlllan Woods,- ' 916
Buchanan street; San" Francisco; Ed
ward Yon ger, Sacramento.
.., ;;':^WelV children, those Iflsh; puzzles certainly aUd bQtU^.ypa^'Jiut do not get discouraged, for there are
j enough Janibook^^^ surely 'ought to bc v able to guess these,
; 4 for;. the pictures represent, v tne* n^me^of^parts or^ a yacliU 'v.Tffcrc is ;on"e; terin'i though, tliat Is really not fair,
;Vforilt»is5rio^s^^^ In one of the other pictures to get
'¦ the; last half of .'tlic^word^yibu will ,liaVe.*fto ; ; iiusultu ; Uia(*ilttlc jdog" i- by,; calling him a cur/ a word which no self
;) rdT^scttagidog:.!^ it nil lor you,' so get hard at
!¦;' work and send in your, answers, briglit' and early. ' But pay -[especial attention to the rules below, as many
; / coupons 'still come in witliout addresses.' Be sure to see iliat'-yoiu* name and address are correctly given and
i ' don't forget the'galiery of lidnor, so send in your picture if you are reasonably sure you- are a wlmier.
; PLEASE DON'T SEXD IX AXYTlNTVPi: PICTURES OR PHOOFS THAT AKE UNTOXED— which
; means that they" will fade as soon as they a re exposed 'to the siui, andVlon't forget to .write your name and
'• address on the back' of each andrevcry phbtosraph. And by, all be sure'that you are a prize'wba
; ~ner: before you. send in any picture at all. . ¦.;;*..:?" . * ". :.'"\ . . . : "
:;:K' . THERE ARE ONEHUNDRED AXD FIFTY PKIZL:S,.-and; this is what you must do to win one of
; them! '" ' . - '¦^^.''V ¦ . ¦ .¦.•¦. ¦ ¦<;;'¦¦*. *'}).r/.'.-\. :?"¦-¦¦ '-'.
l^y.f- '¦ Find the, yachUng terms on. this page and \vrilc_thcni out^bvtiie'-syace opposite the proper corrc
'¦'¦ spondlns: numbers provided -for the purpose in the coupon on .this page, as per directions; "fill -In the cou
; : p6n with your name and address, and tlie prize you desire — if you win^and send the coupon- to the EDI- .
•TOR OF. THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE,' Sunday Call, ' .'San'-'FranciscoiTcaL
I : RE3£E3II5ER--To the . FIRST OXE HUNDRED A5fD FIPT Y? BOYS AND GIRLS who solve Uie eight
I puzxles c«W^Jy, one of these- ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUL PRIZES "will be awarded.
; . ] '. And doniVforgct this next point, because it is very inipoitant: - ALL ANSWERS 31 UST REACH THIS.
I OFFICE BY FRIDAY. NOON. Thii gives all these in^ the country an equal chance to compete. Read;
; everything on this page, to be sure tliat you overlook' nothing; that '.'wUl help you 10 win. a prize.
;- THE NAMES OFVTHE LUCKY WINNERS \VILL BErPUBLlSHED IN THE^ SUNDAY CALL T\VO'
!:' WEEKS ' FRO3I TO-DAY, Scptcmber,^25. ; >1^ « • ¦ . ' *
; :/* .These ar e the TWKNTYcBEAUTlFUL BOOI>_S from. which 1 you mny choose If you solve all the puz-
I lies correctly :' . ; ;" . '¦ * '^ •. ¦'.'' ' ::^ : -'vr/ '.'.'"¦¦¦'- ' :: '¦¦: :;^; ¦'
\ Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Tales From Shakespeare, by. Charles Lamb; Cranford. by Gaskell: Dog.
;•: of Flandersijiby^Ouida; Emerson'8 Essays Ti-avcls;. by,: ¦Swift;- Imitation i "of % Clirist; IJttle Lame
I ¦ Prtace, by Mulock; Master of Ballantrij<^?.by. Stcvensbii*;" 5Hvo dears' Before' the 3rast; ; : by Dana; Paul and
U'-.fifitqla;.'. by Sauit .Pierre; liliriin's' Progrtfs's^ by^^ JJuiiyun;. Plain -Tulles From, the Hills, by Kipling; Phantom
; ;. Rickshaw,' by ,'KInling^j»'.LbngfcIIo\v.".s -lNieins: Al)!>e CoiLstantln.'.byhHalevy; Paradise Lost, by Milton ; ; Black
; Rock^by Connor; Beautiful Joe, by ' Suu*j<«i;rs;*Tcn Geiiis ' l^rbin Klplhig. . ' V. "
Ruth Anderson, 1€25 Eddy street, San
Francisco; Carl Anderson, 720 Biannrn
street. San Francisco; Ethel Adams,
1S31 Twelfth street, San Francisco;
Gladys Attrood. 2312 McAllister street,
San Francisco; Nannie Albright, St.
Francis Hotel, San Francisco; Tom
Brovra, 21C7 Mission street, San Fran
cisco; H ermine BoisseUer, 511 Waller
street, San Francisco; Dallas Bowler,
Ahuneda; Bessie Benham, 709 Shrader
street, San FrancJ?co; Ralph Brown,
S75 Church street, San Francisco;
Georse Becker. 524 Castro street, San
Francisco; Marguerite Bell, 1536 Eddy
street, San Francisco; Joe Bright, 214
Tehama street, San Francisco; Miriam
Broaddus, Asnew; Mark Broaddus,
Asne-w; E. H- Brandon, "Watsonviile;
Otto Blau. IS San Carlos avenue, San
Francisco; Henry Becker, 534 Castro
street, San Francisco; Alice Becker, 531
Castro street, San Francisco; Virginia
Brill, 205 Thirteenth street, Oakland;
Nellie Bond, Sausalito; Bessie Bond,
Sausalito; Dora Cooley, C9 Hancock
street, San Francisco; Cecil Chamber-
Iln. Healdsbarg; A- B. Chamberlin.
Healdsburs; May Chrlstman, 56C Thir
ty-fifth street, Oakland; Luctle Crook,
163 Ninth street, Oakland; M. Costello,
320 Tehaina street, San Francisco;
Louise Caldwell, San Jose; Leonard
Coombs, Agnew; L. Cordes, Berkeley;
Vera Callen. Fruitvale; Charlotte
Chein, 2017 Pine street, San Fran
cisco; Ruth Cheim, 2017 Pine street,
San Francisco: Elwyn Cassidy, 1631
Twelfth avenue, San Francisco; Rich
ard Cross, 103 Collins street, San Fran
cisco; Ally Conner. 2S11 Polk street, San
Francisco; Allen Dailey, 916 Buchanan
street. San Francisoo; Helen Drew,
1262 Seventh avenue. East Oakland;
Ward Durgin. Berkeley; Mae Detrlck,
1708 Eddy street, San Francisco; Ger
trude Driscoll. Vallejo; Virginia
Dittes, 1605 Flllmore street. Ban, Fran
cisco; Marlon Dittes, 1505 Flllmore
6treet, San Francisco; Carrie Ed
wards, Grass* Valley; Wilson Ellis,
Berkeley: Edith Erdmann, 765 Six
teenth street, Oakland; Frank Ed
znondson, Berkeley; Leon Frost, San
Jose; Renaldo Frank, 707 Shrader
Etreet, San Francisco; Freda Faude,
2519 McAllister street, San Francisco;
Lydia. Falkenstein, 70 Hancock street,
San Erandsco; Selma Frazier. Sacra
mento; Huber Fraser, 44 Hancock
street, San Francisco; Ernestine Fran
ren, 1505 Flllmore street, San Fran
cisco; Alvin Falkenstein. 70 Hancock
street. San Francisco; George Gefken.
768 Grove street, San Francisco; H.
G ration. 1319 ! Folsom street. San
Francisco; Irma Griseza, 914 Bryant
street. San Francisco; Addle Gibbs,
Santa. Cruz; Elvera Hoos, 1674
Twelfth street. Oakland; Martha Her
rer, 326 Fifth street. San Francisco;
Joseph Hyams, San Rafael; Louise
HlgeL Vallejo: May Hurley, San Ra
fael; E. P. Hilton, 24 Dame street.
Ban Francisco; E. B. Hussey, Vallejo;
Elmer Johnson, 407 Hayes street, Saji
Francisco; Hoadley Johnson. • 621
O'Farrell street, San Francisco;
Gladyn Kirkman, San Rafael; Albert
Kirkman, San Rafael; Blanche Kirk
man. San Rafael; E. Kirkman, San
Rafael; Alice Klenpfer, Elmhurst.*
Edward Klemp, Suisun;. Julius Kahn,
2712 Webster street, San Francisco;
Leslie Koegel. 96 Cumberland street,
San Francisco; Melvin Koeg-cl, SS
Cumberland street, San Francisco;
Gladys Kuhn. 2017 Pine street',
San Francisco; Frank Kitson, 77
Cumberland street, San Francis
so: Frank Kelly, Vallejo; Wick
Kelly, Vallejo; Frances Kelly,
Auburn; Henrietta Liguorl, Agnew;
yeronica Hgnm% - Agnew; Jack LJ-
Y **f OLLOWING are the names of
j I the lucky 150 guessers In the
I canes of fish puzzle contest of
X August 2S:
These Are
the Lucky
150 Prize
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
of August 28.
imisAy FRAwasoo sunday calcl
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call^S.?.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday CalL
, San Francisco:
Below hi their proper num-
bers please nnd ray solution of
the names of parta of a yacht
hi this week's puzzles:
1 V
2
s .„.»..
5 ...«.^..»»»«»
4 < ,
T -----*-**-*----- T. TTrTr»t».r
8 .......... r..r». ...»..».* —
September 11, 1904.
% 1 ¦¦ ¦".''.-
: street orP.O » ....
State •••••«•••¦••....
• 11 I win 1 . cnoose tor prtxo
• ' '
(Sea List of Prizes.)Engllsh'Aihateuri Tains v Say Tea.Mer
chant Is Foolish to '. Race' Again 1-,
=-':¦•¦ ¦ '•iv; i ViUnder; : OM i Riiles."-;V r^:.;-;'_n
LONDON," SepL^.lO.j-^Some surprise
LEPTOX- IS'<CRITICIZED t. '
iBY f ' BRITISH .YACHTSMEN
• ;;AIX : LES BAINS, Sept. "10.— -King
George' :• of Greece •' this '. week ¦ gave a
small i dejeuner * in '¦. his apartments . at
the lloteli Splendid"" to Mr.; and Mrs.
George -Burrough jTorrey. '-, f Afterward
his Majesty decorated -Mn Torrey " with
the insignia of the. OrderJ of the Savior
as a mark of his high ¦ appreciation of
the Amerlcaxrartlst's .work In two por
traits ' he painted . of . the 'monarch. -
American Dines ' With >. King.
:- LONDON.v Sept. 1 0.— At a meeting
of ;i the Board; of 'Guardians near Folke
stone^ one '; member, moved 1 that tooth
brushes ".shduld '.be v supplied * to the
children's^ cottege^ homes; under^ their
care. '.VTooth', brushes,; he said, wereas
necessary- asi soap and -j. water, but the
Mayor 'got Vupj arid .vigorously,' opposed
the ; : motion, arguing that } the ¦ stamina
of * : Englishmen \ was ? being " ruined ''.. by
Says ' ThAt' \ This Toilet Article . Is Un
;H* V 1 dermlning . v the • stamina' of ' ¦
.'. '¦'¦ :'..: • -', .';'v" -\ ' Englishmen. .
BRITISH; MAYOR -OPPOSES V. ]
'' - USE * OF 'TOOTHBRUSH
BERLIN. Sept. 10. — The Crown
Prince seems to have made the same
rule as the Kaiser In, regard to refus
ing presents sent by the public. A
few days ago a .well-known German
cutler sent him a magnificent razor
with a unique damascened blade and
mother of pearl handle, with a gold
monogram. Two days later It was
sent back, with the information that
the Prince always- purchases the
things he needs. The manufacturer
determined. If possible, to secure the
advertisement'accrulng to the Prince's
razor-maker, returned to the charge
with an offer to sell It to him for |150,
which was curtly refused.
Crown Prince Refuses Gifts.
LONDON, Sept. 1 0.-^-f he Rev. H. C.
Fedlngha m, vicar of r Hex ton, says he
is going I to America . in ' October to
preach .'his . remarkable - doctrine ;•; of
"War and Christfanlty.T-He- considers
it. .possible that 'Christianity, which
died as • far back '; as ' the - fourth cen
tury, -may be "•' restored ;'. because the
churches; don't try 'to teach 'that a
young man. cannot commit a greater
'sin than !. that] of. enlfstIrig.;-.He ;says all
churches .are . apostate. T.-He declares
Christian. churches should excommuni
cate generals and colonels t ;tlll they
give up; their profession^' >How -can a
man- be a .Christian, 1 -; he r : asks, who
takes .money :f or murdering , his ; fellow
men? -if. the -churches' .were Chris
tian they/couId'stopfalL wars.' .
Soldier Cannot Be Christian.
such fads. .Probably many present in
the hoard-room; he. . said , had * not ' used
a tooth brush : during the greater part
of their . lives. - The majority . of . the
guardians • were , of s the Mayor's opin
ion and the .children are to - continue
without tooth brushes. .
At the Marlborough and - the Carl ton
clubs he Is unually. the • center of a
small coterie who seek his companion
ship more for business*' purposes than
with any^ Idea of raising him in" the
social or political spale. The political
element. In the Carlton Club have, o'f
course, offered to assist him Into Par
liament, ~ but in every instance of this
kind invitations came' from constitu
encies, that" made a heavy '.; demand on
the finances of their member. .: Mr. As-,
tor was shrewd enough to see this and
he declined- the political patronage of
the Carlton Club and the invitations of
the constituencies In question.
Captain' ; Spender . Clay, on whom* so
. much /.public attention ! is focused by
the .official - announcement of his en
gagement 7 in ' the newspaper of ¦ which
his,-; prospective father-in-law ; is. sole
owner, • got ¦ most of his greaj .- wealth
out of Bass' ale, in . which ¦ his shrewd
father, ,. Charles John ¦¦.<¦ Clay, . invested
¦ heavily..'. -'An >' uncle* -Who was likewise
interested" In y the firm at Burton-on-
Trent , also left his fortune to .the lucky.
; young- man, .who ; now has . an . income
of about) $125,000 a year. The captain,
who was -a: good soldier and a modest,
; straightforward kind , of a chap, \ lives
quietly^ In- a flat overlooking St. James'
'Palace. J His v famous . experiences of
Lord 1 William "Neville ; (and .others,
.whose names he has" saved ' from dis
grace) • bare * caused ' him" to choose his
friends l very 'carefully, .* with' - the ,'L re-
them to be the favorite words in - his
vocabulary, vj^-i ¦' C.t . • . .
KEEPS OUT OF*; POLITICS.
is "expressed, by. English yachtsmen
that Sir .Thomas Lipton should' enter a
fourth Shamrock . for; the America's
cup v under the -same 'that
governed the last contest.' It was gen
erally believed '¦.', that : the challenger
would 'ask 7 f6r a change "on the ¦. meas
urement rules, . which ' have made \ the
designer's '.problem one vof providing
the' largest and lightest hull on" a given
water \ line. ' It \ is" evident; that ' Sir
Thomas ¦ prefers 'to . renew the • contest
under " the 'old'.condltlbns under.- which
he/has been: so badly 'beaten than to
secure 'a 1 , possible I victory by the ; aid/of
new.'riiles. ' The Yachting. World," how
ever,"* calls Sir, Thomas Llptbn's < atten
tionX to ;•' the < facts that ; It ; is '¦ not a '..' per
sonal •matter,^.between i him and • the
'N«w ! York"'. Yacht Club f arid- asks in the
Interests 'of •international- sport . that
he- placed; himself; unreservedly in . the
hands of; tils" designers/:
The captain has. family; ties with. 'the
peerage, : and '"countless ; I rich [ relatives.
He Is a" brother-in-law;. 'of %LorcLBlng
ham, I who 'recently.* fought I an'd .won- a
hotly contested - seat ' | for (jj Parliament,'
but there ; is .no evidence*; that; the^cap
tain has any "greater.:' ambitions iV.thah
to be the' owner ;of 'aisteblelfullrof
horses capable of following ¦houhds 'or
winning a Derby, r Pauline J'Astor^is '"eia '
fearless ; a",- rider ; as her. ' intended jhus *
band and '» it ' is , suggested "'that s the iat
tachment : , sprung' up\ while \ both? were
riding toVhounds <last/ydaK In^.Derby
shire on , the < Duke of Devonshire's {es-,
tate./ ¦;¦;,; ¦,•.-; : v.},g ';. > 'p V;'"'.'; -.;;'.
Knowing '•) ¦ Captain •'.:' Spender* '-¦ Clay's
love • for.- horses,'.: &• storyvis ¦ that*
Mr.:Ast6*rl;wiU;set(ulp;a">aclng;^ab)e
for his prospective '_son-IriTlawi ln;.whlcK
the captain." and ; young rWaldorf YAstbr
will have equal, Bh?Lres."< Mr*" AstorJwas
VepprUd-;;V6me'*time^'ago*'^O;<h v ave^api :
ideaVof going * in for. racing ©n\ his ¦ pwxi
account," buV- the", death" of -• hlsyybunger
daughter"; caused , him/ t° v abandon^"th'e
notion ¦then;Yand*it- is*now?considered
umlkely*x4mong^ '-racing^Vmen v thaUhe
will' enter,! the- very,': speculative r opera
tlons"of, the turf.^.i;- ,.'; *•• -' oVf! ' /V\t •
suit that he . is now., regarded; among
the "Johnnies'! as rather too; staid for.
their set.'- ¦¦*'¦¦;"• > ' ¦"' ¦" ' v - : :'; '>;•¦¦•" •"'';>' .*'• ¦'•'¦•."•-'
HAS RICH REtATITES^ tV-
DA UGHTER AND , ENGLISH HOMES, OFWCHXMERICAN ' '^HO^ISNOW^A SUBJECT OF'KINGHDWARD.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The former May
Goelet, now Duchess of Roxburgh?, re
cently has become the keenest sort of
a golfer, and her friends say she soon
will be able to give her ducal hugband
points, though he is no slouch at the
"royal game." The Duchess has been
practicing regularly at the golf links
at Eallng, a suburban place noted for
the game. She had her first lessons
from the Duke at their Scottish home,
but lately she has been under the tui
tion of. Miss Sinclair, a Scotch woman
who knows more about "driving" and
"putting" than many of the male ex
perts. Princess Victoria, King Ed
ward's daughter, has taken a great lik
ing to the Duchess and the two fre
quently have- a quiet game of golf in
the private grounds at Buckingham
Palace. The rapidity with which the
Duchess has made her way Into the
royal circle Is causing much Jealousy,
especially among those who do not
know about the strong friendship that
exists between the Dowager Duchess
and Queen Alexandra.
Former May Goelet 13 Now a Close
Friend of the Daughter of
King Edward.
DUCHESS OF ROXBURGHE
LEARNING TO PLAY GOLF
It Is estimated . that -between - fa ther
and daughter they dispose of -at '. least
$100,000 a . year- exclusive . of/; heavy
amounts which are frequently, given for
objects promoted from. time to time by
the Queen,. and the Prlncess.^of Wales
and which are mostly "of "a" national
character. The', widows and orphans of
soldiers and sailors are the special ' ob
jects of . their > attention. • The, Lord
Mayor's funds [ for, the relief of . distress
caused anywhere » by unforeseen cir
cumstances either on land' or sea al-
Mr. Astor as soon as he bought
Cliveden from the Duke of Manchester,
insisted that his part of the' river was
his own particular preserve and that
no man. must fish there without his
personal permission. He fought the
Conservancy and won, but fashionable
people who go fishing have not forgot
ten an action which they regard as
arbitrary- If people want to fish there
now they must do so from boats and
not from the river banks. The worst
of It is that the fishing at Cliveden Is
about the best on the Thames. The '
Queen and Princess Victoria, both of
them enthusiastic anglers, used to fish
there not a little, but they have con
spicuously avoided the place since Mr.
Astor began to Insist on the letter of
the law.
It is this curious belligerency over
trifles that has concealed the good
qualities of a man who has been re
maihat-ly generous in bigger things. It
is said that he became so indignant at
one time over the stories that he was
trying to buy a peerage every time he
gave a big sum to charity that he
vowed he would never give away an
other penny. He never approved of In
discriminate charity, and for, this
reason he has frequently Incurred the
ill-will of persons who make a living
by parading their, so-called philan
thropic motives -before a charitable
public. When her. father ceased giving
away his money Pauline* commenced,
to open her purse strings freely. The
father presently discovered " that she
was ' disposing of more than she could
afford of her allowance^ and; he forth
with decided to abandon his determi
nation to liye up to the selfish reputa
tion he had so unjustly earned.
GIVES MUCH TO. CHARITY.
FORBIDS FISHING.
the Thames Conservancy over the
question of fishing rights in that part*
of the river bounded by the Cliveden
estate. The ' Conservancy Is an emi
nently popular and fashionable body.
They are responsible for the govern
ment of the river Thames from end to
end; they stock It with fish for the
purposes of providing innocent sport
for anglers from anywhere and every
where so long as they do not abuse any
of the privileges extended' to them.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The Arachne
Club, which represents the latest ef
fort of society to solve the servant girl
problem, is congratulating: Itself on the
success which has thus far attended
its experiment. Its first batch of grad
uates, armed with certificates of com
petency, have gone forth Into domestic
service, and from mistresses and maids
alike satisfactory reports have been
received. These Arachne students of
pies and puddings and other mysteries
of household economy are all gentle
women. The promotors of the club be
lieve that as the servants in good fam
ilies they will be far better off than if
they took to typewriting, teaching and
the various overcrowded occupations
to which young ladles usually resort
when necessity compels them to earn
their- own living.
They are styled "professional ser
v*rnts." The training imposed upon'
them justifies the designation.. Whether
a girl elects to become a housemaid,
a parlor maid or a cook she has to
submit to a thorough practical course
of skilled instruction. And she Is not
allowed to make money out of her ac
complishments until she has passed
the necessary examinations and re
ceived her diploma. The club further
stipulates that to retain their connec
tion with the club the graduates must
not enter households where they wiU
be simply one among other servants
who are not gentlefolk by birth. The
result is that they either enter ser
vice In pairs, or work single-handed
in small households. They wear smart
pink . uniforms with the regulation
aprons, caps and hats which consti
tute the recognized badges of domestic
service in England. The rates of pay
demanded, for them, and they* are
pledged , not to accept less, is consid
erably in excess of the average wages
prevailing here. This is how tl >
schedule runs:
Housemaids $100 to *l.v>
Parlor maid* 10O to 150
Cooks i. 10O to 130
Cook-housekeepers and housekeep
ers 200 to 225
These figures, of course, stand for
yearly payments. It is further stipu
lated that they "Shall -be allowed from
two weeks' to one month's holiday
every year. And when out of a situa
tion they have the club to fall back on.
Of course, it Is to be expected they
will forego the usual matutinal chat
with the milkman or the breadman.
but they are free to make the most of
what matrimonial opportunities come
their way.
"I am delighted with my place,"
said one of these graduates when re
lating her experience. "As my expenses
are small my wages are practically
clearly profit. I have much more free
dom than I should have as a governess
teaching fractious children, \ or as a
day's companion combining pampered
poodles all day long and getting
snubbed by all the servants in the
house."
And there you have William Waldorf
Beyond a pollr.hed vestibule, severely
unadorned, is another room, likewise
caken, • and severely plain, where sits
the Astor solicitor — an exact man, sur
rounded by neat documents, recording
with phenomenal exactness every
transaction in which the Astor estate
has been involved. If you should In
advertently pay to the Astor estate a
penny more than the precise sum you
owed, the perturbation of the Astor
solicitor would be as great as If you
paid a penny— or a thousand dollars—
less than you owed. In the room be
yond Mr. Aator's offices., and on the
floor above, is a severely beautiful hall,
where Mr. Astor occasionally gives cor
rect banquets.
DISLIKES DISORDER.
Inside all the wails are richly paneled
with polished oak, the hardwood floors
glisten like those of a ballroom, the
single oaken bench for waiting visitors
is as stiff and uninviting as a marble
•cat In a mausoleum. There are no
curves anywhere— only right angles.
Behind a long, glistening counter, top
ped by a wondrous Iron grill, are two
clerks, who also appear to have been
carved out of oak. and who sit stiffly
Rt marvelouEly neat oaken desks bear-
Ing huge volumes. There is such an op
pressive air of right-angled accuracy,
exactitude, precision and strict silent
formality about the place that It would
be linpoEslble to imagine such a thing
an a blot or an erasure, or a misspelled
word in all those great books wherein
the Aster wcclth is recorded down to
the minutest item. One fancies that
even the ciphers which lend their
countenance to the highest figures of
the Actor mHllocs are written In those
ledgers In the form of squares rather
than as ovals.
Tou can get some idea of the severe
methodical formality which character
izes Mr. Astor by a visit to his really
beautiful estate office on the Thames
Embankment next to the Temple. Out
side it looks as if it might be a deli
cately designed library that has been
stationed in London for a time to be
come sufficiently aged and sooty In ap
pearance before taking Its proper place
among similar choice old buildings In,
Eay Oxford.
3IARVELOUS ANGLES.
cerning the failure of the young Duke
Of Rcxburghc to become the husband
of Pauline Astor express small patience
with the Ftories of paternal dissatisfac
tion with the present arrangement.
DESERTION OF NATIVE LAND.
His desertion of his native land ha*
been given as the reason of the unpop
ularity of William Waldorf Astor, but
that had far less to do with It than
other qualities which make this queer
specimen of millionaire uncommonly
interesting. An Englishman w..ho
knows Mr. Astor intimately and sees
him almost daily said recently that
nothing so upset this ex- American as a
chance observation in his newspaper,
the Pall Mall Gazette, or in the Pall
Mall Magazir.e, that seemed to reflect
on the United States. "It may surprise
you to know." he went on to say, "that
Mr. Astor seems to be genuinely de
voted to the United States. He told
me once that the only reason for his
leaving it. aside from certain family
matters, was his indignation at the
•way two or three yellow journals in
New York and a few of the other cities
had written about him and his fam
ily."
LONDON. Sept. 10.— Some of the
wildest nonsense on record has been
written about the transplanted branch
of the Actor family sinpe the announce
ment of Miss Pauline's engagement to
Captain Spender Clay. Most of it has
been ill natured and some of It ! has
been libelous and all of it has been
contrary' to William Waldorf Aster's
conviction that it is a kind of infringe
ment of copyright to so much as men
tion his name in the newspapers ex
cept in brief and formal fashion.
Probably there isn't a man in Eng
land to-day who is so much misunder
stood, who gets so little credit for his
good qualities and so much discredit
for peculiarities that apparently arise
from stiffness and irritability, rather
than from any real "cussedness." Since
the engagement of his daughter has
been announced, he has been pictured
generally as in a state of wild rage at
the thought that after all his efforts
he has not succeeded in marrying her
into the peerage. Unfortunately there
is nothing except imagination to sup
port the story. Miss Astor chose to
fall in love with a solid, substantial
and eminently euitable man of 34, who
seems to be of rather better quality
than most of the available unmarried
peers or heirs to peerages, and I under
ttand that she very promptly received
her father's heartiest blessing.
"It is hard to part with so devoted a
daughter." said Mr. Astor to a friend
who congratulated him- on the engage
ment of Pauline. "Since her mother's
death she has been the comfort of my
life and naturally one of my chief stu
dies." Those who know the attachment
that exists between father and daugh
ter, and who know the true facts con-
ways receive a handsome donation, and
in many cases the check is sent anony
mously. The Union Jack Club, of
which the Prince of Wales laid the
foundation stone a few days ago, is
also under an obligation to- the house
of Astor. This'dub is intended to ac
commodate non-commissioned officers
and men who may be passing through
London from time td time on their way
to and from the various mil'tary
depots. >,
Mr. Astor is a generous employer and
his servants speak well of. him. The
men who sell his newspapers in the
street are no* expected to run about
bawling the latest winner. They stand
at fixed points and received a fixed wage
with a commission on the sales. He
Bet the lead in this matter and one or
two of the better-class papers followed
his example. His naturalization has
made no change in his methods of con
ducting his business. He is methodical
to the point of being considered arbi
trary and this is a feature many of the
people who come into contact with him
cannot understand. His abruptness,
too, does not commend itself to his
friends. "Yes" and "no" appear to
Astor as pictured by his surroundings.
Anything a little out of order moves
him to bitterness, which probably ex
plains an incident that did more to
hurt him with London society than
could be undone by any amount of
lavish gifts of charity. Through some
misunderstanding Sir Alexander Berke
ley-Milne, one of the most popular of
society men, was present without in
vitation—without a formal invitation,
at least — at a big part>" given by Mr.
Astor. The host was so" irritated by
the fact that he had it published in
his own paper the next day. Now Sir
Alexander was perfectly innocent of
offense, and was, moreover, a personal
friend of the' King and Queen. Her
Majesty took especial pains that he
should be seen in her box at the opera
immediately after the publication of
the item, and since then Mr. Astor has
not had royal approval, although his
daughter has been a favorite with both
the Queen and the Prince of "Wales.
The Queen took a hand, too, in an
other dispute in which the millionaire
became involved through insistence on.
his rights, to the great detriment of his
popularity." That was his conflict with
Arachne Club
May Solve
Problem.
Expatriated American Will Never Become a
British Lord if Queen Alexandra .P
Life of the Misunderstood Millionaire in Lon
don One of Many Woes and
Disappointments.
Society's Plan
Promises
Well.
WILLIAM WALDORF ASTOR PAYS WITH UNPOPULARITY THE PENALTY
FOR A STIFF INSISTENCE ON HIS RIGHTS IN TRIFLING MATTERS
Pages 17 to 2 4
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEFTEMBER^li;- 1904;
Pages 17 to 2 4Grand Recorder Spencer left for the
south last week for the purpose of in
structing the lodges . in that part of
the State in the' matter of the recent
legislation by the Supreme Lodge. -
. There was a good , 4 . attendance , of
members last " week at . the meeting ; of
Ancient Order Workmen.
At this time all the local camps of
the\ Woodmen of the World are en
gaged in the great fraternal mortgage
campaign, which Is being conducted
by the campaign" committee, of which
Laurence Vincent of California Camp
is chairman and David Oliver Jr., ed
itor of the Pacific Woodman, member
of Golden Gate Camp, is secretary.
The general committee is composed of
five . members from each of the . fifteen
local camps, .which Is \ also a visiting
committee to .explain to the camps the
idea of a fraternal , mortgage. This
lslbeingr done with; the idea of helping
Head Consul Falkenberg acquire 100.
000 "and $1,000,000 in re
servel in the Pacific Jurisdiction next
May. £,The > following are the moving
members in this matter: -
j Executive committee — Laurence
Vincent," D. Oliver Jr., C. F. Davis, J.
J.\ Ryan.\ T. P. Qulnlani ; M. J. McCabe,
A. C. Nathan, J. McCann. VA^-Freund,
N. ¦ H. Goddard, 1^ J.' A. , Wilson, ¦¦ G. C D.
¥>hllllnfl.; Da.Witt.C. Briggs, P. H.
Woodmen of the World.
-On. the evening of September 2. courts
Advocate, Piedmont, University, Grant,
Aliens, Alameda, St. Gothardo,. Royal
and Berkeley, all located in Alameda
County, had a large class initjation in
Reed's Hall, Oakland, in the presence
of the high officers of the Ancient Order
of Foresters and many members. . The
degree was conferred by the team of
Court Alameda, the best in the Juris
diction, the members wearing their
new regalia. The floor, work was like
the- ritualistic work, most creditable.
The following persons composed the
ritualistic and the degree teams :
Ritualistic team— J. T. Kerns, J.' p.
C.R., Court Piedmont; C. E. Raymond,
t C. R., Court Advocate ; W.' J. Garribal
dl, sub C; R., Court Piedmont; 8.. L.
Sullivan, ; treasurer, Court Berkeley; J.
J. Roberts, financial secretary, Court
Piedmont;; J.M. Lloyd,- recording sec
retary, Court University; ; W. E. Brad
ley, S. W., Court Piedmont; S. Winkler,
J. W.; Court v Royal ; ' H. A: Brown; ¦ Sr.
B.,' Court Grant; W. A. Hahn, Jr. B.,
Court 'Athens.
; Degree team,'.- CoW Alameda— Otto
Nussbaum, friar; Charles ¦ Johnson,
Will :: Scarlet; : Charles Driver, Little
John ; JohrC Gra vested, • H." C. * ; MJelle,"
sentinels; "C.',"N. : - Adams, Charles Nuss
baum; : N.;' M. Martin/ Theodore ; Roe,
huntstneh." - t ;
. The following was the ; prograrmrie of
the : evening : \ ¦ Seating , candidates \ and
members ; ._¦ retiring candidates 'escorted
by ;sub*-chief ¦. ranger; of ; 'each;!: court;
opening -court . (auspices^ Court BovaJ
Ancient 'Order Foresters.
This lodge had a pleasant social eve
ning on the occasion of its last held
meeting. There was a good programme
of Interesting musical and literary
numbers and ( then there was - dancing
and the serving of refreshments to the
members and visitors.
San Francisco Lodge No. 23 of the
Royal Achetes. being forced to vacate
its quarters in the Pythian castle, has
secured new quarters In the Shiels
building, where it will meet hereafter
on the first and third Tuesday in each
month.
Royal Achetes.
At the meeting of Aurora Lodge on
the first Monday in September there
was a good attendance of members
and visitors and three applications for
membership were presented. Under
good for the order there were addresses
on the condition of the order by Grand
Protectress Mrs. Frances J. Williams,
Grand Secretary Henry W. Quitzow,
General Organizer Mrs. 'Emma Quit
zow, Financial Secretary Lizzie -A.
Rapp, E. C. Stock and several others.
; The prospects are that the order will
have a great day and night at the
Chutes on the 21st inst.
Grand Protectress Frances J. Will
iams paid a visit a few evenings since
to Laurel Lodge, in Healdsburg, and
had a heart to heart talk with the
members, with the result that each
gave assurance of making the lodge an
active one once again.
. A new lodge will shortly be instituted
in Calaveras County by Orfi^inizer Mrs.
Parker.
Knights and Ladies.
Mission Lodge, at its first meeting
in September, had a very^ large attend
ance of members and visitors, and after
the routine of business, during which
it was decided to work to win the
prize offered by Colonel Stone, there
were addresses by President Hubbel
of Progress Lodge. President Hobbs of
Columbia Lodge and others; there was
dancing for an hour.
The Fraternal Brotherhood Band,
composed exclusively of members of
the order, will give an extraordinary
entertainment, to be followed by a ball.
In Mission Opera* Hall on the night of
September 20. •
Colonel Stone, supreme representa
tive, in charge of the San Francisco
and bay counties district, went to Los
Angeles last week on business con
nected with the order.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood has completed arrange
ments for its entertainment and dance
to be given September 13 in Eagles'
Hall. ¦ A number of novel features, so
say the committee, will b» introduced.
Progress Lodge had a house warm
ing party last week In Its new meet
ing place In the Red Men's building.
| Aurora Lodge will have a party in
its new meeting place in Scandla Hall
on Wednesday, September 14.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
- Eschscholtzia Temple No. 75. of the
Rathbone Sisters . celebrated • its first
anniversary in the Red Men's building
in the latter part of August. This,
temple was . instituted August 22, 1903,
by Clara Tuska. On the evening in
question the lodgeroom and the ban
quet hall were prettily and lavishly
decorated. , There was a large" attend
ance of the members and many visit
ors, who, after the business of .the, eve
ning, were entertained with a pleasing
programme of; musical numbers, and
after that dancing. During the . eve
ning there was an address by Clara
Tuska, who has been named the
"Mother of the Temple," and the fol
lowing officers of the temple: Mes
dames E. B. Kimball, Florence Glov
anessi, Agnes Schenk and Laura Shut
tleworth. j At the. time set > apart fpr
speeches, Lee R. Gambitz, on behalf of
ithe temple, presented the ; organizer a
pair- of beautiful opal studded vases as
a mark of, appreciation of what she had
done for it since organization.; During
Intermission \ an evening, luncheon was
served In' the banquet hall. Ttie affair
was under the direction of • Mesdames
Graf, Thai, Henderson^ and Baron:
In the latter part of August ? Bettie
C. Nlckell, grand chief, paid: ah official
visit to ' Golden Gate -.Temple; No." 70.
The hall was ' tastefullr decorated for
the occasion with colors of. the order,
red, ; yellow, blue and white, , and ¦ with
American flags,' symbolical of the pat
riotism of the" temple. .There were
present nc arly the '- entire membership
of the temple and ; many ; members • of
other . temples,.- anxious to ¦ do honor to
the ; -Visiting -' chief. ; . The grand chief
paid a pretty, compliment to; the* temple
for - the •; businesslike manner. In ; which
Rathbone Sisters.
The name of the new grove of the
United Ancient Order of Druids; insti
tuted recently in this city, is Golden
Gate No. 166. It was organized by No
ble Grand Arch De Legh, assisted^by
Grand Secretary Martinoni and other
grand officers. The degree work was
by. Past Arch P." J. Molltarno; assisted
by the officers of Columbia Grove. This
was conferred on twenty-two strangers,
five of 'the number being past arches!
The grand arch druidess is arrang
ing a; series of official visitations, which
will be announced in a short time.
Old Friends Circle No. 26 gave a Jap
anese party on the last Saturday in
August, in the Shiels building. It was
well. attended and proved a very en
joyable affair. A number of the mem
bers were attired as Japanese maidens
and looked quite fetching. Each person
who attended was presented a pretty
souvenir of ¦ the occasion.
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. O. Heiden,
accompanied by Grand Secretary Mrs.
A. ThornhiI!,.Past Grand Arch Druid
ess Mrs. Sorenson and Grand Trustee
Mrs." Christ, went to Merced last week,
where, they .instituted Angelsea Circle
No. 33, with a charter membership of
40. After the institution the grand of
ficers were entertained in a pleasant
manner. . .
At the visit to Laurel Grove, also in
this city, the noble grand arch was
accompanied by the same grand offi
cers and Alternate Supreme Represen
tative , D. . Bamman. There was ¦ work
in the Initiatory degree by the officers,
with Past Arch J. M. Wolf as noble
arch. This was followed by addresses
by the grand officers, after which there
was a supper and more speech-making.
Last week the noble grand arch and
the grand secretary went to Soledad,
where a new grove, No. 167, was insti
tuted with a charter list of 27. The
degree work was by a team of sixteen
from Salinas Grove, headed by C. D.
Dorn. The institution was followed by
an -excellent supper and speeches. '
On the official visit to Aurora Grove
in this city Noble Grand Arch De Legh
was accompanied by Grartd Secretary
Martinoni, Grand Trustees Gallagher
and Glovannini and L. M. Fabbry,
president of the Past Arch Associa
tion, and twenty-five members thereof.
There were five initiations by the of
ficers of the grove, after which there
was a dinner, at which G. Pellegrini
was the .toastmaster. There were
rpeeche3 by. the grand officers and by
visitors. ¦' ' •¦•••;'
Druidism.
High Chief Ranger Wlrshinff, after
having visited the conventions in
Santa Cruz, visited this city, where he
remained for three days, during which
he made himself wise as to work of
the various courts of the Independent
Order of Foresters.
. It is estimated that there will be
between 250 and S00 strangers Initi
ated in the large class initiation at
Los Angeles on the evening before the
meeting of the High Court at San
Diego October 10. The special train
that is to convey the delegates to the
High Court via San Francisco to the
place of meeting will leave at S
o'clock on the morning of the 9th.
Past High Chief Ranger Cooper was
in this city last week.
Court Yerba Buena has under con
sideration the forming of a special
beneficiary fund by wnich a stated
sum will be paid to the nominee of a
member after his death.
Deputy High Chief Ranger M. A.
Deckman has instituted a > new com
panion court at Hollywood, Los An
geles County. This makes the twenty
first companion court instituted In the
jurisdiction of California during the
forestlc year which is almost ending.
Independent Foresters.
Grand Secretary John J. Cordy of
the Foresters of America has Installed
'himself in new quarters in the Flood
building, bright, cheerful and commo
dious. They are located on the third
floor.
During the current month Court
Zenith will give an entertainment and
ball in Native Sons' Hall.
Court Junior Pride of California has
arranged for u ball In the Laurel Hall
of the Shiels building on September 28.
James G. Blaine Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest of America will
give a party in the Alcazar building
October 12.
Martha Washington Circle will give
a ball In Golden G^ate Hair on Sep
tember 19.
Golden Era Circle has arranged for
a trolley ride on the evening of Sep
tember 22.
General Law ton Circle had a pleas
ant entertainment and dance in its hall
on the night of August 31. There was
a good attendance.
Court Novato is preparing for a large
class initiation on the night of Septem
ber 17 in Novato, Marin county.
The San Francisco Board of Relief
has secured permanent quarters in the
Alcazar building, where it will estab
lish a reading-room for the use of
members of the order.
American Foresters.
The group picture presented to-day
is that of the San Francisco Rebekah
Drill Corns No. 2, which under com
mand of Captain Allie Parker has be
come one of the best drilled organiza
tions of fraternaj women in this State.
The corps has a very natty uniform of
black, with white trimmings, and it
has of late substituted a white cap
for the Zouave headgear worn when
the corps was first organized. The
corps had a party and exhibition drill
in Union-Square Hall September 1
which was a very pleasant affair.
There were many present and all who
were in the hall at the time of the
exhibition sooke in commendatory
terms of the manner in which the
members executed the many and in
tricate movements of the drill. • The
names of those in the picture are,
from left to right: Lieutenant Ella
t Campbell, Alma Johnson; Edna Hen
nard, Maggie Derby; Maud Finger,
Etta Kane, Maggie Perry, Mabel Wil
liams, Miss Burdick, Amy Webb, Mrs.
Dupay, Miss Howell. Mr*. -, Burn
helmer, Eola M. C. Cyrus; Rose Hoff
man, Jennie Wright, Miss Dent, Mary
Parker,. Beatrice Lawrance, • Mattie
Webb, ensign. Captain Allie Parker
stands in the foreground.
, A new lodge of the Independent
order of Odd Fellows -was recently in
stituted in Los Angeles County.
Odd Fellowship.
The grand secretary has issued an
eight-page pamphlet containing a
synopsis of the legislation of the Grand
Parlor, which will also prove useful
until the proceedings are ready for dis
tribution.
Grand President Mrs. Caminettl was
in this city last. week, but, by reason
of an accident which she met with
some time ago, she is unable to under
take long journeys and was forced to
abandon her intended trip to the
World's Fair in St. Louis, where she
was to have delivered an address on
behalf of the Native Daughters on
California day. She delegated Past
Grand President Mrs. Belle W. Conrad
to act for her in that matter on that
day. ' '
Miss Mary Crawford, secretary of
Oneonta Parlor, one of the bright busi
ness' women of Arcata, has recently
acqiiired the business interests of J. E.
Crawford, her brother.
There has been, issued^ the Native
Daughters of the Golden West "Man
ual of Instruction," comprising the in
structions of the -administration of
1902-1903, issued by order of the Grand
Parlor. This is a volume of sixty-two
pages and is the accepted reference
and guide for the subordinate parlors
of the order. It is issued with the sig
nature : of Grand President" Ella A.
Caminetti and Grand Secretary Laura
J. Frakes. , It'^iS-i^rie of the. best com
piled series of; instructions for the gov
ernment of 'subordinates that has ever
been Issued In Jijils State, and will be
useful because^ everything is laid down
bo clearly that 4 , there -need not be any
occasion in the future for appealing: as
often to the grand president as In the
past.. : '' 1 ~'V^
Grand President Ella E. Camlnetti.
accompanied by Grand Secretary
Laura J. Frakes, will, in the early part
of October, -j pay official visits to the
parlors' In Humboldt County, which
includes Occident at Eureka, Wlnona
at ; Arcata, Reichling at Fortuna, Blue
Lakes at Blue Lake .and Oneonta at
iTerndale. . . •
The Native Daughters.
Occidental Camp is initiating stran
gers at every meeting and In a short
time it expects to be one of the leading
camps of the order.
Good Fellowship Camp met in its new
hall, 35 Eddy street, last week and had
work in the adoption degree. The camp
expects to adopt thirty strangers dur
ing October, this not Including those
who will be adopted during the cur
rent month.
State Deputy Head Consul J:O. -Davis
of the Modern Woodmen of : the ¦• World
In this State, with* headquarters in the
Emma Spreckels building, has issued
a circular to all the camps of the juris
diction, in which he sets forth that a
campaign with "log rolling", attach
ments has been started for the purpose
of bringing five hundred desirable "sap
lings" into the various camps. This will
be the largest united effort ever Inaugu
rated by the order in this jurisdiction.
The Royal Neighbors, met "last week
for the first time In the quarters of the
Modern Woodmen of the World, in the
hall of the Electrical Engineers at '35
Eddy street. There was a good at
tendance and considerable work was
done. Occidental Camp will meet in
the same place next Thursday.
Good Fellowship Camp, at .its last
meeting in Pythian Ca3tle. # had more
than fifty present and had two
tions. Its next meeting will be in the
Eddy-street headquarters. ,.,. .
At the picnic of. the Modern Woodmen
of America, given in Idora Park, Oak
land; on Admission day, there was a
large attendance and the principal
speakers were Rev. Thomas A. Boyer
of Oakland and Stare Deputy J. O.
Davis. •.¦¦.- , _¦
Modern Woodmen.
Forget-me-not Lodge of the Degree
oi Honor has arranged for an "all
night social" in its hall. Red Men's
building, on the night of September
16. This lodge on the first Saturday
in September gave an entertainment
in its new hall in the Red Men's build
ing In celebration of its removal into
new quarters. There was a good and
entertaining programme of varied num
bers presented under the direction of
Dr. Blanche Sanborn. After the regu
lar programme there was a pleasins
farce, then dancing.
the Past Masters* Association. Tfie
meeting was addressed in, an inter
esting 'and forcible manner by Grand
Master Workman Dunton.
On the night of the third Tuesday In
September Prosperity Lodge will have
work In the initiatory degree. This
event will be followed by a dinner.
No. S914); escorting candidates to hall
by sub -chief ranger of each court; ad
mission of degree team and candidates;
regular ritualistic work (candidates re
maining stationary); address by Hon.
J. B. Sanford. H. C. R.; William Wal
lace, H. C. S., and John Falconer,
P. S.; song and closing exercises;
music according to directions of presid
ing officer. Chairman of the evening,
E. J. Murphy, Court ¦ Advocate. •
* The visitors were William Wallace,
high court secretary, and John Fal
coner, permanent secretary. One hun
dred and fifteen propositions were pre
sented and ninety-one candidates were
Initiated. . y . .'
its affairs are conducted. Under good
of the order Julia F. Day, D. D. G. C,
on behalf of 'the temple, presented the
grand chief; as a souvenir of her visit,
a handsome silver berry spoon. After
the closing of the temple there was a
social hour and ice cream, cakes and
light refreshments were served.
The temples in Riverside and imme
diate vicinity have under, consideration
a proposition to tender a reception to
Mrs. Lydia A. Monroe of the' place
named in"appreclatl6n "of her election
by the Supreme Temple to the office of
supreme chief.
Auxiliary committee — W. D. Fergu
son, D. L. Newcombe, S. H. Stewart,
E. G. Vail, A. G. Gilson, J. O. Stran
der, R. W. Parks, U. S. Simonds,
George Grunwald. Dr. P. A. Bill. N.
B. Nye, R. McMichaels, James Alli
son Jr., H. C. Flagellet, I. C. Drath
man.
Board of vice chairmen — -William
Spier, J. J.,Ryan,. L. A. Craw, Charles
Brown, J. McCann, O. J. Peterson, H.
J. McClintock, C. F. Davis, E. B. Mc-
Manus, W. Vaughn, J. W. Mitchell. P.
H. Herzog, F. H.- Russell, T. P.. Dig
nan. H. H. Varnei*.
Herzog, G. Hurkett, E. H. Morris, W.
C. Pidge.
Ex-offlcio committee— Albert B.
Craw, W. C. Krura, general 'organizer;
P. F. Gllroy, general organizer.
Last week TV. G. Antonovich, D. G.
A., at the request of Xoble Grand Arch
De Legh, visited Napa, where he was
present at the initiation of a large
class of candidates for Fraternity
Grove. The degree team of St.. Helena
Grove, under the captaincy of J. G.
Johnson, conferred the degrees.
The officers of the new grove are:
George. B. Benham, P. A.; M. Newman,
N.A'.; J. P. Hanson, V. A.; , T. G;
Krimphoff, C; "A. C. Adams, S.; M.
Hermann, T.;. H. Zltsch, I. G.; O. T.
N. Ledwlth, O. G.; L. Herzog. J. H.
Ilubachek and O. Dalin, trustees; M.
Hermann, D. D. After the institution
there was a collation and speech-mak
ing. -, ¦• .-. .• .
On the • first Monday in September
Poeahontas Council No., 3, Daughters of
Pocahontas, tendered a reception in its
new hall in the Red Men's building* to
one of 'ts members, Mrs. Annie M.
Bliss, who, at the last held session of
the Great Council, was elected great
Pocahontas for the present term. There
were present a number of great- chiefs,
present and past, and a number of vis
itors, including a large delegation from
Manzanita Council. In addition to the
routine business there was work in the
adoption degree, rendered in a manner
which shows that those who rendered
it have a clear and comprehensive idea
of how the- work should be done. There
was a short talk of congratulation to
the head of the order by Lizzie Ken
nltzcr, the Pocahontas. and response by
the guest of the evening. Then fol
lowed talks by Great Phophetees Min
nie Belts. Great Minnehaha Ida
Wheeler. Great Keeper of Wampum
Hattie Janes. Great Guard of the For
est Lizzie Booth, Past Great Pocihontas
Mina Rpeee, Great Sachem Davis,
Great Chief of Records Bliss. Mrs.
Catherine Ross Campbell of Fort Bragg
and E. C. Stock of Manzanita Coun
cil, the latter, on behalf of the members
of Pocahontas Council, presenting to
the great Pocahontas, with the frater
nal love of the entire membership, a
basket of rare flowers, r . ,:
direction of a most efficient committee.
The team of Awanda Council of
Santa Clara. Degree* of Pocahontas,
that won the trophy daring the Great
Council competition 'had a Jollification
meeting in its tepee last week. There
v.cre present Great Potsihontas- Mrs-
Annie M. Bliss, fifty members of the
rouncf] in Redwood City and .100 from
San Jose. After the wbrk' of the
ovj-ing ihere was a feast of coin and.
The representative' of the Great
Council of the Unitod-States. which is
to convene in St. Joseph, Mo., this
yw} left for that city September 1.
Modoc Tribe has "appointed a coni
•nUiee to arrange for a : masquerade
ball to be given just before Lent.
The great Pocahontas will com
mence her official* visits durin? the
•jitter part of September, ,
Great Sachem Davis will during the
early i»art of September visit the
tribes in Humboldt County, taking; in
those at Eureka, Blue Lakes and Sco
tia, and while in that ' county, on
the 10th. instituted & new tribe at Af
c«*ta, with at least seventy charter
members.
Organizer Stovall is organizing a
tribe at Santa Barbara and Special
Organizer Wheeler, who has Let:ii or
canizing one in this city, will have It
ready for institution October 1.
Calumet Tribe gave its farewell
party in Pythian Castle last week -in
dr> r the direction of Dr. C. M. Tropp
mann. F. Pagendarn and J. Petrie.
It was a dancing party, which
was well attended and an en
joyab'e rrogramme of dances was
presented. The tribe will hereafter
meet in Calumet Hall in the Red
Men's new building on Golden Gate
The following are the principal
« hiefs of the now council of the De
gree of Pocahontas recently organized
by Gcor?e H. Stein, P. 6., this being
the third he ha* organized: Nellie
Wilson. Poca-hontas: Viola Venekohl.
prophetess; Annie Lindeey. Wenonah.
and C. T. Oranz, Powhattan. The de
gree will be conferred on those who
iire to be adopted by the team of
Oneida Council.
On the last Friday in August Man
/.juiita Council had a very pleasant at
home in Its tepee in the Odd Fellows*
building. This council, which is still
on the boom and proposes to continue
so until it reaches a membership of
tOO. will give a Japanese tea on the
evening of September 16.
Dr. Charles M. Troppmann, organizer
of Calumet Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas; Mrs. Emma Ralph, tem
torary chairman, and Miss M. Riley,
temporary secretary of the new organi
zation, have issued an appeal to the
reembors of Calumet Tribe to use their
\u si f-ndeavcrs to have the new coun
cil started with the largest charter list
that has ever been presented in this
<-ity. The organization has secured
quarter* in the Red Men's new hall and
¦will hold meetings there on Tuesday
night* as toon as instituted. The tem
porary organization will hold a meet
ing next Tuesday night for the pur
pose of making arrangements for the
Irittitution of the new subordinate.
Manz&nita Council, at its meeting
last week, displayed for the first time
its recently adopted motto, "We are
lt-ader*; others followers." and during
the <»vrning adopted eight pale faces.
The work was with new electrical ef
f*-ct.s. new slides to throw upon the
screen and It far surpassed any pre
k< ntatlon cf the work that has ever
b«-«:n Been In this' city. There were
present among the many visttors Mes
riarnes Flora Lear. Jennie L. Dodge.
Nellie Randall and Lulu Harrison, who
came to this city with one of the
Massachusetts commanderies. Knights
Templar; also M. E. and Abbie G. Fol
lajisbee, all members of Alfareta Coun
cil. Degree of Pocabontas, of Chelsea,
Mars. These, under good of the order,
Ftatrd that they had never seen the
work bo beautifully, dramaticly and
impressively rendered as by Manzani
tu.'* -Wttin. "We al lagree," said one of
the p;>eakcrs. '"that you do the work
much Jnttcr and with more disr.it y than
it is done in the East. We thought we
had Et-c-n the work well done In the
East, but we must admit that Man
zanita is May ahead of them all."
During the evening the members of
the degree team, through Great Repre
sentative J. J. Bryan, presented Drill
Master Wheeler a beautiful framed
rnlarged photograph of himself as
Pov\ hattan in recognition of his untir
ing efforts to bring the team up to
the standard of excellence it has at
tained.
Mrs. Hattie Beach of Oneida Council
has been commissioned by Great Poca
hontas Annie M. Bliss as deputy for
the current term for Manzanlta Coun-
ciL
Manzanita Council will have a Japa
nese tea in ' its hall in Odd Fellows'
building on the evening of September
16. The hall will be turned Into a tea
garden and there will be a programme
of entertainment and dancing. Tea
will be 6erved by members of the coun
cil, all attired In Japanese gowns.
A committee has been appointed to
arrange for a picnic at Fairfax Park,
on Sunday, September 25. in aid of the
Improved Order of Red Men's Relief
.Association. Those who will ' attend
will leave by the 9:15 a. m. boat so.
a* to connect with -a special train,
which will convey the excursionists to
<heir destination. A^ good orchestra
has been engaged to* furnish dance,
rrusie.
The Red Men's new hall on Golden
Gate avenue was formally opened last
week by Altahmos Tribe. No. 87 giving
an entertainment in the new assembly'
hall. It was the first of the many asso
ciations that have taken quarters in
this new structure to meet there, , and
immediately after a short business
meeting the members of the tribe wel
comed their guests, who numbered
more than a thousand. After the ren
dition of a pleasing programme all
were invited to visit the banquet hall,
where ice cream and cakes were served
to all. This- was followed by an hour
or mure of dancing. It was an event
In the - history of . the tribe and was
most successfully carried out under the
/ / EL L-KNOWN REBEKAH
DRILL CORPS OF SAN
FRANCISCO.* • -r
THE SAM FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, .190*.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
18"The Rogers Brothers in Paris" is
Manager, Dillingham presented r Fritzl
Scheff In "The TwoV Roses" -in "Cleve
land August -29, and It Is said ' to "¦ be
a genuine success..
. •¦ ¦ • . • .
Lulu Glazer produced her new opera,
"The Madcap Princess," :¦ in Rochester
on August 25 with great success.
While playing an engagement -in
Kansas City Ethel Barrymorelhad the
misfortune to sprain her right ankle
and Is now finishing her season with
a doctor in attendance : at each per
formance.
THEATRICAL STARS
ARE TWINKLING ALL
OVER THE UNIVERSE
The three Dentons, , performers on
triple horizontal bars suspended in the
air, are going tp astonish the "Chutes'
goers this week.'
Harry La Rose and his company in
"The Sailor and the Horse," by Will M.
Cressy, are headlined at the Orpheum
this week.
"Only a Shop Girl" will be given at
the Central this week. '
The "Anheuser Push" Is still going
successfully at Fischer's, with "Miss
Mazuma," by J. C. Crawford, to re
flace If.
"The Toreador" is j In Its last two
weeks at the Tlvoli. ' "The Serenade"
will follow.
The, Grand Opera-house will have a
curious and what should be a charming
Japanese extravaganza In the "Prin
cess Fan Tan," In which some hundreds
of children will take part. ¦.
White Whlttlesev will this week be
seen in "The Second In Command,"
tnat John Drew introduced here on h's
last visit. The Alcazar company will,
as usual, be competent -in the support.
"Raffles.", the thrilling story of the
conflict between a •brilliant criminal
and a brilliant detective, begins Its
second week to-morrow evening. Kyrle
Bellew and E. M. Holland share honors
in the chief roles and the rest of the
company wins praise throughout.
The chief novelty of the dramatic
week will be the presentation by Miss
Florence Roberts this evening at the
California of Angel Guimera's "Marta
of the Lowlands," a pastoral drama
that made a considerable sensation on
its production in New York last year.
Hobart Bosworth, who was in • the
original production, is in Miss Roberts'
support, and the long and careful re
hearsal of the drama seems to promise
an excellent performance.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
TO PRESENT DRAMA
THAT MADE A STIR
Here's ja .: pretty -muss * if , what /.'T&y
Pay" ¦ O'C0nnpr, ; says. in •, his : Is
true.,? He jMaertst that literary.icrlti
clsmc is ipurchasableV^in^- every : Journal
in Paris' save.* three-rLe - : Temps, .. . ; Le
Journal • des jDebats . and ; Le.>S|ecle,. and
thatVmuslcal i reviews j are V purchasable
without J : any/. exception. 1 -^ The -Muslpal
Courier; has : this ; to/ say; of e the; matter :
", T.*» P.- si Weekly » of ; London' informs f 'a
wdnd'eringr" world < that}of • 'the'-15O •- daily
newspapers ln*»Paris there are only three
'"7-Lo ¦* Teinps^Le 5 Journal/ des"i Debats
and '-I« ? Slecle-rto r .whlch>Uteraj7; .'critic
Ther^ason .promises;:*at -'least ¦', one
fasciri^t}rig. ; rhusic'aVrnoveltyVJn^he' lec
ture • recitals' \6f r "Arnold- DolmetschVarid
his •.c'pmpaxjy,'"wno- are- to ; be here so'm'e
where-about-7nrext'--January.--The-Dol-
metsphVre^^ls--have\^e.e^ < pBff; i fanicfus
in London ahiqrig.'co'rinofss^uf s-^of .Ithe
curious^- and ul^n-'musfc.; j Dol
metsgh/. hirriself ; "is vai£uhlq'u,e ,': figure,
quaintly -part Jarid /parcel; of' th"e."o!den
tlme ; ihstrumen'ts T " arid'," , music ., among
which 'It Vis .\wiilip.ered
that niore'than> one^novellsjt'LQf . the~.day
has; used * the rpolinetaph" j'personaifiy , in
his ri'ov'els.''V George"^ MdQre,'. notably, Is
oneVo'f^^the^e,i in '¦'.lliis'V'Jjlvel-yn virini?ss,"
In the";loVabjlet.fl.gyre/»of-:.the^oid' ; mus!
cian.; wHhO .viol > old
madrigais.j'a'rid'qther.flne'arigientry.
The recitals, deal T.with* : little " of,'any
thing under the:respe<fabV;age;of 200
years'. -;Even" theTperfbrrneri \ appear in
the costumes .of. the rtlineV. All .¦¦'sorts'"of
rareJnstfurh^rits.^wind^Btrlng^and-'Def
cussion, ate played " upph.*.v Alljkinds of
rare "music .; pornpous';oldj;.sarkbandes,
humorous: giguesr: stately ;; gavottes,! are
played ";uppn-- them.', C< r \ 'rdngsTalso; are
part of the
accompaniment', of fthe '.Instruments* by;
which* "they ..were" originally.'accompa
nied.' 'ilr. ¦ Dolihetsch; I'believe.lTeg'ards
his :woi;k partly ;in;jthe yght g^^nils^
slonJ'--Hy*hop*eS;ther^y,^o^liave*vto
music * "much- of " the ;beautif ul'^that; is ' In
danger of being^entirely. lostl He pleads
not orilyV for* the musicdf "yesterday but
f or .' the.Vlnstrutnents," > tnrough '•? whose
disuse • ' h?Y ; holds -that''-- valuable tone
color; ¦ tone • character,^ Is*' lost "-* to ; the
modern- orchestra'. , 'For* the* dilettanti;
however,; the Vre^itals"- are< said/ tb'^be
uniquely^chirmlng^ in J : themselves, arid
thejr ' t ';be;-;' greeted'.- with
widejenthusiasm/\iNew^Tbrk e^clusivea
seernedYto'^enJoy; thfern,; I- reinember/dn
the ' first '. foreign ~" Vngagement^' of * the
Dolmetsehs;tKejre^two;years^asp.."- There'
"aryjtOjbe'iljro ; .'appe8lra^cM^thls;Vea*son;
beginning ih^ New ; York In 'November. '. ;
The; parallel the; '"Naiad's
Idyl", 5 and£ Rudolph's song . in -"La r . Bo
h«^^l^^6^ye^f,u^6i^^te^<But
suchVthihgs !Vwfll to -.the'' best
re gui a te'd ; tfo'niposeK-.- In /the * finale - also
I fl^'d.-fseiveral.iphrVses^strlongryVrenita-
Iscerit of, the-v'.'AHiJa" grand march. The
rest,' ¦•.hdweve'r;.vseepi.s'j exceptional: in its
originality^.: knd/ : "Slf/ : McC6y's 'spirited
conducting :of • the '.work- gave J po in t 'to
its .ev'eryjfeatur'e.' .'./.'- ¦".¦ : ..*>:'..'V. -'"J '.. i
Dr. ; Sf e^art's V \Montezuma"-. suite was
alsof most ;'agreeabfy L reheardl \. Red
dlrig'ai?"lndlan!.? Suite" a interesTed, \ ;and
Rich"ard:HotaHng's . readings' of the
malic "texts'^ were; brjliance 'Itself .//It j Is
warrhlyjtb be'^hjoped^that the ¦ eritertaln
merit^wiil'ibe"repeated next>yearj ¦ > i
among lviaj-1BL~ : S.' Kelley ' arid Oscar .Well,
of cburse.dornotcountl.i.These. are only
natl6rialvfolW;'that r are good 'enough ito
HveV or^have">liyed,"there.- ;- But'I.flrid the
McCby • talenKyirile,,. spontaneous';; deft
and", original - in :; expression, ' and ; quite
indlviduaLfV:--: '..".;.:¦•,-:;:•: '•; / " i ;-;-^••¦' : . :
... The.. Bohemian Club concert of last
week, - with 1 its Introduction of three
orchestral. compositions by members of
the'cluW including the significant tone
drama';of-^W.' McCoy, was one: of the
most 'important affairs In local musical
history. By^- it alone the'Bphemlan^Club
demonstrated its position as a practical
ieaderJriHhe; arts, and through it was
effectively.' introduced to the local , pub
lici i a itoo -little known and very gifted
member • of * the local- composing group.
Possltily one's .enthusiasm at the occa
sion'; the •first -hum , of the season's or
chestra—a very good one," too,, it • was,
ably; concerts-mastered _^ by "Johnny"
Jos'ep'ho^led .'• \\ us into?', a little : ex
travagance*: • .of " expression
ing. ' ."The;: T-Hamadryads." ' Second
hearing ' : "demonstrate that
As."* "1 1.' remember. ,the work now,
it r/ seems rUo v ;nie as it did then, so
far." a'si Its 'first two movements i go, of
the^best'jttfatiCallfofnia has' turned out.
Nor.' am vllforgettinff] Frederick '<: Zech's
'.•Lamia, " ; graceful "C and jj scholarly, nor
the - other « work of th» - music- gif t«d
: It \; Is; a; generally conceded fact In
Europe:: that r no actor of the present
day'v'arijd^few actors who have ever
lived; possess .the genius for "maklng
up" for a?part as does Ermete Novell!,
the"; gfeat.'Itallan artist who is to make
his: first-, visits to America this season
under ; the^Llebler & Co. management.
His- Shylock.'.his ; Othello, his Louis XI
'and;hls'iNerolall bear Indisputable evi
dence JtoJthf. verity of this claim, as do
many of ; his comedy roles. No one is
as.)clever as; Novell! in painting on»his
countenance -.the physiognomy of the
'character.;, he^ is to personate. Every
eyening-.heis.;to be found in his dress
ing-room(ari>hcur before the play be
ginsi ;' Seated^before the mirror of his
little dressfrig table he invariably lights
acigarette\and at the same time holds
a" <: discussion with seven" or eight
friends, seated where they can, in the
midst TOf/epats of every hue, trousers,
,vests.''Phlrfs, wigs of all colors and all
dimensions..^ While he smokes and
t'alks.-.Novelli. twists with master hand
the hair of,the wig which he will wear
latef. « He combs and brushes it, gives
to', the': hair, ; white or black or golden,
straight or curly, the form and place
which he .thinks is appropriate to the
character." Then he turns to his face,
which- can : -be that of a man of any
age*. 'from- the. imbecile dude of twenty
.flve.*years to" the husband of flfty, ri
diculous and. contented; from the face
all : .wjinkles'and from the white beard
of .."Shylocki to ; the handsome and mel
ancholy /profile of Hamlet, to the Iras
cible face- of the "Burbero Beneflcio,"
arid the. black- lowering physiognomy of
Othello: With the rapid and almost
feverish.' hand of the artist he puts a
few, touches under his eyes, on his
cheeks,; about his mouth and even, on
his' forehtad, so that the edge of the
Svig'cannot* be seen even at close quar
ters, .and ; so he stands completely
transformed*; and unrecognizable. No
velirs^achievements In this line are a
constant source of wonder and admira
tion -to" his friends. No actor living, it
is ' : saidi\can: approach him in the art.
CONCERT GIVEN BY
THE BOHEMIAN CLUB
OF HISTORIC VALUE
teen -'Scenes arid there are three mag
nificent: ballets, each of which exhibits
more , than'. 300 people. . •
Christmas • pantomime, the *real ; kind
from Drury v Lane,- London;- will be ' pa r t
of this season's attractions, though ar
riving a lfttle late. V " .; -V ".. *.V
•"Mother; Goose," the ¦ -oliday attrac
tion at'the New Amsterdam Theater^ In
New VYork last season, will -be 1 ; pre
sented ; in \ this city at ' the' Grand Opera
House for three : weeks, beginning Mori
day evening, February 6. This Is gen
erally acknowledged to 1 be the most' ex
tensive ¦ ; spectacular ¦ production ; ; 'ever
sent en tour in this country. There" are
388 : people"., in the. organization -• and
seven 65-foot special; cars^ are \ required
for \ the > transportation of .- the (scenery. 1
The ! company . is ¦ an 3 extraordinary -'one
and among ; many other " principals ,wlll
present a quartet of famous comedians
.— Joe : Cawthorne, 'who t- plays', 1 Mother
Goose ; ;¦ Harry Kelly.'jWiHiam \ H. L'Ma- ;
cart /and •; Clifton : » Crawford,.* the £ song
. writer. ; - \: Leila •', Mclntyre )'. plays *«' Jilj,
Edith'; St.'* Clair ..Caroline ; arid t Neva?Ay
mar Colin. The ; piece ; is*staged * in . fl*-;
Dorothy Tennant, who has been en
gaged by H/inry W. Savage to play the
title jrole in. George Ade's.new comedy,
"The College .Widow."- is a native .cf
San Francisco," and -has been'": on*" the
stage but 1 three seasons. J During her
brief career 'on the stage sha has pla'y
ed a number of important .roles. : Her
first engagement was in ."Lovers'
Lane," and for. two seasons 'was lead
ing woman for • Robert Edeson in /'The
Soldiers of Fortune" , and "Ranson's
Felly." She also; played •'Mary,;, Queen
of Scots" -with ..Bertha Gallant ,' last
year. Miss' Tenant is a : tall,' willowy
blonde, and the "rolfi" or" J&tie '.Wither-'
spoon in "The; College -Widow'.'". is •¦ 'well
suited to her. talents : ;;U ......;,-
Clarence Eddy, the eminent'organ
ist, will make a tour this; season d"f
the entire United States 'and' Cana
da, under the direction of ; Loudori '. G.
. A concert tour of the; chief cities- of
South "Africa will be by
Madame Lillian Blauvelt, the American
soprano, next year. Arrangements' to
this end -are being made by : Harry's.'
Alward of Charles Frbhman's : business
staff, who is now In South Africa. '-
Mrs. Patrick Campbell : begins "ah en
gagement in "The Sorceress", a,t. the
Herald Square Theater, New York, 5 on
September 26. 'v ' . • \ ; :
"The Isle of Spice." the Chicago
musical comedy; was jj produced in New
York on August 23, and' was highly ap
preciated. * ¦ '¦¦: . ' " «'i
"The Royal Chef," another -Chicago
success, entered on what promises' to
be . a long run, . at the . Lyric Theater;
New York, pn- September 1. - ' ,i
James K. Hackett < produced 'a new
comedy by Louis Eagan called "Jack's
Little Surprise," at the • Princess" The
ater; on August 25, with Arthur; Byron
in the leading role. • : . .
Nance, O'Nell Is rehearsing- a. biblical
tragedy by Thomas Bailey Aldrich en
titled "The Tents of Assur.". "The play
will be , produced at ,the ; Tremoht The
ater, Boston, in October. | It '.is-' said
to be built around, the' character ~of< Ju
dith. ' '• v^-v'-: 5 -;-- •:; . ; ,- ., . •/-•¦ '; -.-¦•¦
Henryk Ibsen < is said • to J be, at , work
on a drama with war' as 'its motive. '
said -to be a fitting successor- to _"The
Rogers Brothers In •¦ London." -. : ';. -.t5£ •* ",
\; Mr/Blspham only once — some years
ago In England — agreed to sing a song
for- a fee. and he says he "got so sick
of that blessed ditty" that, after he
¦had -repeated 'It 'the ten or a dozen
times required, he never looked at It
again. 'Since then the singer has res
olutely declined to have his choice
fettered. He believes in the classics
of song as ! trie foundation of a sing
er's' -profession.' but considers that all
schools should _>be illustrated In re
cital-programmes. With a Handel and
Haydn - programme, for example.
Schubert- and Brahms should be in
cluded", with the old Italian masters
Franz.: Schumann and Cornelius may
be introduced.' America and England
are- not -the -greatest song producing
countries of the world and yet what
can ' : be ; lovelier: than some of the mel
odies '.of - the Anglo-Saxon genre?
Neither must one forget Grieg and
Dvorak/ Jensen.'Wolf, Strauss and the
Frenchmen, and while as yet America
has not -greatly : felt the influence of
Italian -blood -in her composers of.vo
<ral'.works. yet the. younger generation
of our song writers, such as Hermann
Wetzler.'Max'Bendlx and others, show
what' might-be, called a liberated Tail*
tonlsnv^Americanlaed, -
K David Blspham is among those to
be heard here this season. Mr. Bisp
ham'has been recently delivering him
self concerning song recital pro
grammes. What he has to say, though
not new; la- true and as he Is a model
programme -maker: here it is:
The advance sale of seats for th»
grand operatic concerts to be given by
Mme. Fannie Franclsca at the Al
hambra Theater September 21 and 24
will commence next Thursday morn
ing'at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music
store. There have already been many
inquiries for seats, . but no orders will
be accepted -in advance of the sale.
• . • •
clsm is not a branch of the advertis
ing 'department. "In all the other pa
pers, when you want a favorable re
view of a book you go to the business
manager and arrange it. You can be
hailed as a grand master on the first
page of such .world renowned papers
as Le. Figaro or Le Journal, in a clever
leading.article signed by a well known
man. of letters, for a couple of thou
sand francs." •• • Naturally the con
verse, holds good. You may be a great
master and you may be generally re
garded as a great master, but editors
.will/ not permit . reviewers to say so
until your .publisher has Interviewed
their cashier.- In music the price Is
considerably less. Any paper, in Paris
(Including .the. three named by T. P.'s
.Weekly) will for 60 francs print a ten
line criticism of a concert written by
the. concert. giver himself or by any of
his friends. This practice has become
notorious ¦ in Paris and hence musical
criticism" in the dally newspapers, is
regarded there . as more or less of a
farce— although some persons can sea
nothing funny In. such a disreputable
state of affairs. A few pessimistic New
Yorkers predict the same disgraceful
conditions for New York if the busi
ness relations between visiting artists
and the critics of our dally- papers are
allowed to • continue as flagrantly as
they have flourished heretofore. *.'The
only difference between the Paris and
the New York "grafting" systems is
that over there the business office gets
the money, while here the critic reaps
the . questionable gain. But the New
York critic really needs the money.
COMEDIANrWHO^TOOKrTO THE STAGE 'AFTER r A LIFEOFjDlESPERATRADVENTUREIN QUEENSLAND.
So delightfully typical I consider the
following dictum. I said: "Then you
don't care for Ibsen"— he nodded "no" —
"what about Shaw?"— greater than
Shakespeare. I remembered.
"Oh."' said Mr. Bellew, with the
most ticklesomc affability, of patron
age and a deliciou'sly . indulgent upper
inflection on the adjective: "Shaw's
quaint!"
I wanted then to put Kyrle Bellew
and Arnold Daly; into the ring, with
George Bernard Shaw as- umpire.
"Well, take her Theresa Raquln,"
Mr. Bellew instanced. "There is a play
now, to me the greatest piece of dra
matic literature In existence. You see
no eingle thing done,, only the effect of
what has gone before the play. But
you understand everything. And every
character Is absolutely lifelike. Take
Ibsen now. Ibsen creates his characters
to bring about his situations. The rela
tions betwen his men and women are
not typical. Mind, I don't say they are
not possible. But Zola gives you the
thing occurring every day, the people
to whom the thing happens. And Mrs.
Potter Is as great here as Zola. Her
Therese is the, highest art."
"Bernhardt— Duse?" I venture.
"They have not the peculiar temper
ament," Mr. Bellew insisted.
Zola the greatest of dramtists— where
had I heard something like that before?
Ah, I knew. Apropos, too, I'd picked
up my old Plutarch the other day and
read in the Alexander: "The most glo
rious exploits do not always furnlsh'us'
with the clearest discoveries of virtue
or vice In men; sometimes a matter of
less moment, an expression or a jest,
informs us better of their characters
and inclinations than the most famous
sieges, the greatest armaments, or the
bloodiest battles whatsoever."
Mr. Bellew smiled and became blase
here. He sat back with the wearily
graceful air of a Raffles. It was then
I noted that above his black brows his
hair shines whitely— as does Raffles'.
It was then I found that Kyrle Bellew
was not born -to-day. Lazy the voice
was in which he said: "It was accident
through which I went on the stage.
I'd been to sea for eight years. When
I was paid off I went to Australia in.
one of the gold rushes. Made a lot
then; lost it. Then"— Mr. Bellew smiled
meaningly— "for my sins I became a
dramatic critic. But I always said nice
things about everybody!"
"Bad morality" ¦
"Perhaps," he nodded, and resumed,
"But one night I was sent to do an
opera. I met an old captain of mine
at the theater. Told him I wanted to
go home. He couldn't take me, but he
had a friend with him, captain of a
cracks passenger boat running to Lon
don, who needed an officer"— —
"Officer?"
"Oh, I was supposed to be- a smart
sailor," Mr. Bellew remarked. "But my
old captain told the other chap, 'This
fellow's all right,' and he took me on.
How the fellows In the office chaffed
(he said "chahfed") me and my brass
buttons! But I reached London a few
weeks later with £8 in my pocket."
The actor chuckled then as he said:'
"I didn't know what to do, you know,
for a living:, and in looking over the
advertisements in the Daily Telegraph
I saw: 'Wanted— A light comedian.' I
thought I was light enough, and cut off
my. brass buttons, bought a pot hat and
answered it. The manager asked me
where I came from. 'Australia,' I said.
'Work's hard there," said he. 'Yes,'
said I. 'Change the bills often?' said
he. 'Very frequently/ I said. And he
never asked me what parts I was play
ed! That's how I became engaged to
play as light comedian with Miss Helen
Barry. Ten days afterward, at the
Royal Theater, Brighton, I made a hit
— made a hit" — the actor chuckled.
"Then," he resumed, "Dion BoucI
cault saw me as Woodstock In 'Clan
carty* in Dublin, and sent for me to the
Haymarket. I was there for eleven
years. I should probably have been
there yet only 1 got Into hot water with
them, lawsuits and things, wouldn't let
me play what I wanted. Then I came
over here to Wallack's, then Abbey en
gaged me to play with Mrs. Potter"
It was not the first time that Mr. Bel
lew had mentioned Mrs. Potter. His
"man" had brought In a note from the
actress' brother, who lives here, while
we talked. I had laughed over Jrfie press
agent legend of the reconciliation of
the historically associated players. Mr.
Bellew had said that they had never
"quarreled." I had thought that he
was not ill-pleased with the opportu
nity of saying it. And I had noted the
warmth of admiration with which he
spoke of his late associate. His tone
now was instinct with hqmage.
"Abbey asked me what I thought of
her — she had only just begun to act,"
he continued. "I told him I thought she
had everything but experience that a
woman needed, beauty, voice, genius,
social knowledge — everything. After
we began I played with no one else for
fourteen -years. It was a business part
nership also for thirteen years— we
played under our own management arid
in a repertoire of twenty-six plays with
only two of them that were not of the
'legitimate* genre."
"I've never seen Mrs. Potter," I said,
"she must be extraordinary."
"She is a great woman," her confrere
testified gladly, nay eagerly. "Tbere
Is na one quite like her. There is no
actress that can do quite the things
she can do."
"Such as, for example"
"Larger than , our sequoias!" I pro
tested.
Gently then Mr. Bellew said: "I think
so. In the Dandenong range the
j 'stringy bark' runs easily lip to more
than «00 feet high." He completely
squelched me by adding casually: "The
big trees grow mostly in valleys there.
No one takes any particular notice of
them." v-- k 
- It was while talking of the Aus
tralian trees — "stringy bark," Iron bark,
"llmltle/s" cedar— "of no commercial
use from lack of railroads," that I dis
covered Mr. Bellew in another enthu
siasm, lhe elephant woodchoppers of
Rangoon. He described eloquently how
the elephants carried great trees to the
sawmill, saw that they were cut Into
the proper length, dragged the blocks
to their resting place, piling them at
last into heaps with mathematical ac
curacy. He told how one old elephant —
"the old lady"— teaches the whole thing
to the recruits in six weeks, and how
every elephant of them learns to leave
everything he is doing when the whistle
blows with .the promptitude of a union
carpenter!
"I cannot imagine how in the world
you came to be an actor," I blurted out
then. "Living so much among . real
things" 7.
Myself, I'd be pleased enough to take
the gate money. I won't % spoil the
story by Mr. Bellew's later protest
concerning Shaw's sincerity. He .could
not do better: "Shaw's -QUAINT!"
We returned then to Mrs. Potter,
and Mr. Bellew put it that "God broke
the mold when he made her." He
argued that the actress had succeeded
by being "just her own extraordinary
self"; spoke of her ¦ red ¦¦ hair— not
"imitation," as the Orpheum punster
put it, like another famous red-haired
actress;' characterized her as "more of
a classical actress"- than any other
type, and spoke of her recent Calypso.
"Truly," I inquired, "wouldn't you
rather be playing the repertoire you
played with Mrs. Potter than— Raffles,
for example?"
•"Why?" said the actor with a shrug.
"Raffles is an easy thing. It's popular.
After all it's the commercial side that
counts. I have only to put on an
evening coat, take a cigar, walk en
the stage, . and \ walk off - again, and
then forget all about It until the next
time. Why should one bother to be a
Hamlet, nerves strung up all night, In
bed all day, or dead beat? I've done
all that; I've been through it all, and
jolly hard it is."
"Mr. Bellew," I said sternly, "you're
acting!"
, "Perhaps I am," he laughed. "But
there, if one were to . play the 1 things
he preferred he would almost always
have to play them to empty benches."
Perhaps . "Hamlet" had recalled the
Haymarket, for the actor began then
to talk of his Haymarket days, in- J.
B. Buckstone's time, , when' the oldest
actor there had been 42 years with the
house, the stage manager. 3S, the
"youngest" member next to Mr.; Bellew
17! . "Those were the days," recalled
the actor, "when we had to look In
The Dally Telegraph every morning to
see what we were" going to' play at
night! A fact, I assure you. '.Arid we
had to report one hour, before 'the, per
formance for fear the bill was changed.
And we frequently changed the ' bill
every night. Actors don't have to
work to-day! We used to be engaged
for one line of work"— Mr. Bellew
lazily slapped a knee to emphasize the
following — "and we were expected to
know every part in that line in the
legitimate drama." .
"Then do you feel that the stage has
degenerated?"
" 'Palmy days,' and that sort of
thing?" queried the actor. "Not at all,
I remember old Bucky on 'palmy
days,' " he laughed. "Bucky used to
grunt: 'Palmy days, palmy days,"
years ago,' sir! No, sir! "The only
'palmy days' I remember were when
the beggars got drunk and never knew
their lines'-rdear old Bucky!" . \
It was after this when Mr. Bellew
said that Charles Fechter's was tha
best Hamlet he knew, that I mentioned
the Hamlets outside. It was then I
had the honor of Mr. Bellew'a. escort
down Kearny street. And it was then
I got a peep at the gentle Romeo. Just
by the peanut stand we said "good
by"—alas! But was it wittingly that
Romeo held my hand a tender trifle
longer than need be, as he asked "if
I were not going to say very nice
things about him on Sunday?"
And the amateur Juliet replied,
turning up her eyes to him, "How
COULD I say anything else!"
There waj a young actor named Kyrle — '
• Permit m« thi« rhs-me to unfyrle.
To explain hero and early
Thai to call the man Kyr-le
Sets bis cherubic temper a-whjrrle.
Of course the rest of the name is
Boiler. Harold Kyrle Belles, to be
particular. Mr. Bellew kindly con
sented to be the victim of the week's
chat. "Youngr?" did you say? Of course
be is young. When did you ever see
a Romeo that was not young? And
Where and when did you ever see a
Romeo like unto this one?
And to think of it— peace, fluttering
heart! Of course I met a dozen, a score,
a hundred people I knew — afterward.
But to think I did not see (andante
patetico) — I mean be seen by — even
a cat that knew roe as I walked down
Kearny 6treet with Kyrle Bellew!
Heigh ho: Well, why shouldn't I sigh?
Is it every day a girl gets the chance
to walk three whole blocks and a half
end bagk— barring the half, I WILL, be
honest— with Borneo? It happened this
way. The unearthly hour of 10 o'clock
last Tuesday morning was 'set for our
chat. The California Hotel was the
place. The unearthly hour of 10 of
the dock was also set for the Knights
Templar parade. I had seen gay, ex
citing btts of pageantry on my Tray
fiewn, velvet cloaked Sir Knights,
splendid priests, blade, shining, pranc
ing steed*, tfr* wave of glorious ban
ners, the morning sxm glinting on a
rword, or turning the gold and silver
trappings Into a rich, ordered dazzle,
and the rest of it I had heard the
tcarm hum of the crowds, the gay
ehrlek of the siren, glittering snatches
of holiday music, tne wine of the
morning in it alL I hope I did my duty
by the Interview— Mr. Bellew*s fascin
ations ** a raconteur actively assist
ing, but I wanted to see the parade.
At last, when the thrill at the drums
at the foot of the street got too much
for me, I said: "You should see the
procession, Mr. Bellew, hundreds of
Hamlets on horseback."
"Then surely—" with the most blase
of the Bellew aire, "I do not want to
eee it. I have seen many more Ham
lets than I wished to already. But — "
But when I left a moment later Mr.
Bellew put on his hat and came down
the street with me. It -was comically
with the air of the grave adult that
takes the child to the circus.
This was all afterward, however. Nor
Hamlet nor Romeo— except when, well,
that later— I had found Mr. Bellew.
Perhaps It was because we began by
talking of Australia. Then, like Desde
mona, I sat listening to an Othello.
There was no trace then of the Raf
flts-like boredom that later cropped out
— when the actor talked of his art, of
Raffles and other unimportances. In
rapid and pointful phrase he told the
story of his Queensland experiences,
illustrating with -quick, picturesque
gesture. The brown eyes under the
"bad boy" fringe of white hair flashed.
Th,e voice warmed to the tale. Now
and then a curious bellboy looked into
the room — the red velveted reception
rcom — but went unheeded.
It should perhaps be preluded that
the Bellew gold mines are in Northern
Queensland. Everybody knows, of
course, that the actor owns other gold
mines than "Raffles." It may also be
reminded that for his Australian geo
graphical research Mr. Bellew counts
en F. R. G. S. after his name, not to
mention an F. R. M. S.
The actor at first told the story of
how he came to be a gold mine owner
— 'twouldn't be of any use to you, the
usual Olympian luck — or I would tell it.
and then Mr. Bellew began to talk of
the Queenslander in his blackest va
riety. I had asked him if they em
ployed the native aborigine in the
mines when he told me that with 1200
men only in Australia they had taken
out more gold last year than either
America or South Africa. He was ex
plaining why the native was not em
ployed.
"We had to kill five of 'em In our
camp," he was saying, quietly as one
might talk of killing fleas. "He's a
cross begg-ar, utterly hopeless. There
was a lot of bother with them that
year. Got wild. The Government
stopped our using 'em. We used to get
them to find our horses In the bush
end such like— they're magnificent
bushmen — and gave them tobacco i-nd
•tuff for it. Then when they couldn't
get things that way they robbed the
camp — poor brutes— and otherwise got
dangerous. So we had to shoot them."
Remember this* is an actor, a society
comedian at the present moment, talk
ing.
"Blacks?" In answer to my question.
•"Black! They're black with a black
ness you've never seen before on a hu
man skin. And he's an ugly beggar,
too, nostrils and mouth all over his
face." Mr. Bellew tried to spread his
¦without much success. "But get him
behind a spear!— I don't know that
there is anything I like to see better —
when he's turned the other way."
"He Isn't always?" I suggested,
breathless.
"Net always," Mr. Bellew smiled.
••Clever beggar! It's beautiful, you
know. His spear Is a great, long thing
— «.s long as that door to the table here
ten feet, perhaps — headed with an ar
row-like point of Iron bark, the whole
top of the spear decorated with hooks
something like a fish bone. Can't drag
It back when it gets In, you know— it
has to come out on the other side."
"It has!" I gasped.
He added: "And every point is pois
oned."
He added again: "When you see a
native coming your way, stoop— er—
•you shoot."
"You did"
"I did."
Then In vivid pantomime he sketched
the tall, lithe black, gliding through the
long grass, apparently friendly, ap
parently unarmed, but with his poison
ed epear gripped between his treacher
ous toes. He told of the warfare when
Greek meets Greek. Of how the one
Epeared at never tries to get out of the
way, but with the ingenious lever by
which he projects his own spear, turns
the ether aside. He told also of the
native boomerang magic and other
fighting gear and incident.
"And tht-se are little scenes of daily
life in Queensland."
I commented. "How is the country?"
"Very beautiful in the north," the
actor said. "Sky a magnificent blue—
the climate is dry like it is here— good
mountains, splendid trees."
"We have a tree or two here," I be
gnn.
"Those are larger." Faid the Fellow
of the Royal Geographical Society in
front of me.
THE SAN FRANCISCO" GALL; U SUNDAY, : SEPTEMBER^11, 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19Sequoia Club Now House
holder With Home at
St. Francis.
Overworked Nerve Spe
cialists Bid Smart Set
to Cheer Up.
POSES PASSE
IN WORLDJF
HIGH SOCIETY
of the United States steamship Monte
rey. A welcome addition to the naval
set will Dretty " : Miss Milton be— and
what a merry time she • will have,
unless the climate" be hard for her. i .
¦•-¦-¦•. • -
The tennis tournament ¦ in San Ra
fael has lured many over the. bay/
Miss May 8utton Is the lodestar, to be
sure,, and every novice at the,; racquet
Industriously watched her "curves; An
interesting maid is she, as are her
athletic sisters. ;: ; ;^
- •' - . ¦ • -•--.•.. ¦ '. . ,. , ...
If maids be not athletic these days
then they- must go in for some cultural
achievement. Miss Lucie , King, Miss
Edith Simpson,^ Miss "Elizabeth;: Mills
and scores more* of smart ; maidens at
tended the summer, school at] Berkeley.
Some of .these' are putting ¦ the; digested
thoughts In prlnt-rand right' worthy; Is
much of their "output.
Among these. ,1 clever^ /girls Is Miss
Frankie Glass, daughter of Mf^fand
Mrs. Louis Glass, who has penned some
very fetching stuff, into which *' she
throws .; much of her pretty personality.
It is sometimes a bar to development
for. girls well endowed mentally to be
born to affluence.. Under pressure of
. "must," such clever girls as Miss Glass
would achieve a name In the world, of
lnksters. '
. '¦' . ¦' •¦-".• } •' • .¦ ¦ •
.."¦•¦ And so ,'tis decided that the Friday
night dances will materialize as of yore
;to Jthe", patron: saint^ of the
; smart set— dear,, rotund,; happy 'Ned
Greenway. And the dates, are set for
; November,: 4, December 23 and March
3 at ' the Palace; ¦'_.
The. first ball will be an assembly, the
. second : a ? fancy dress and the third > Is
in j the » air. . No w, l here's • something ' to
- gladden the ; hearts of the, dear debu
-tanterrllkewiBe?\her? elder: sisters < and
-; aunts-Jfall ; of % whom, at age,
C have a predilection for Ned Greenway*s
• dances.: .jAndj; small slnceithe
-Greenway dances "stand out as ¦ the • first ;
; «>'".s-.r iwkw. ¦¦ •'.-'. ~ . ¦¦•:--;--s. 1 --*. .»'
.water, affairs of the last decade In San
Francisco.
• . • ¦ . •
- What a to-do California gold causes
in the East— aye, and even abroad., .
Here's Mrs.: Oelrichs' bal blanc the
talk of -the continent. Now she's In
stalled into Rosecliff e a splendid organ
where, with a harp and a violin, she
may while away a few unbusy ¦ hours.
But that's a sane pleasure! '
, - .Then ' there's Princess Hatzf eldt over
in London, throwing " the Huntlngton
; dollars broadcast to the birds,* enter
taining "dooks" and "dookesses" at the
most extravagant Romanesque ; feasts
V^-her latest achievement the housing of
royalty,; for,, a .week, ; when "the* Duke of
/ Connau ght . and ,. his - Duchess dwelt be
>neath" the Hatzf eldt roof tree. -
: ; Now, there's pretty Mrs. , Hugh Tevis,
¦whose personal and financial charm has
..brought half of Europe to her, feet; and
J who's \ kept busy ,; shooing; off < Ear la "and
.Counts.' . ; She , managed „ to i escape ¦ "; the
\i love-lariats L thrown about* her when
THREE CLEVER MEMBERS.OF, LOCAL SMART SET, ONE OF WHOM WRITES.
Mrs. J. B. Milton and Miss Mattie
Milton sail for the Philippines on the
30th' of , September. V Upon . their" arrival
they.; will . make- thelr^ home^at -^Cavlte,
where Captain Milton is in command
Mr. and Mrs. James Cof fln are still
at their country place at Ross, but
will come to town for. the winter and
occupy the Cunningham house on
Broadway, as they ; have for_ several
winters past..' Miss Natalie Coffin, who
is now abroad, will be • one • of the
debutantes of the winter. ¦ •
As an experiment in clubdom, the
Sequoia possesses a unique interest.
Many questions arose when its cour
ageous and clever founder. Miss Ednah
Robinson, set out to create it. One
was: Are women clubable in the sense
that men are clubable? The second:
What will be the outcome of such free
commingling' of men and women on
neutral ground? Such nonsense! 'Of
course there are loads of women who
possess the companionship! spirit— who
are big and broad enough to grasp the
best in mutual fellowship, which is
bound to be of benefit to both men
and women.
, The directors, with , the president,
Charles Sedgwick Aiken, have been
wise in their age and generation by
securing downtown \ rooms, where the
drop-in habit may be sanely cultivated.
Ah! But will the men— the men that
stand for the bone and sinew of the
constitution, the women, the flesh and
the frills— find the rooms as livable
as their own - clubrooms? But away
with conjecture! To be sure they will
—the right type of men— even as th;/
have in New .York and in London.
And the rooms? Snug and comfy on
the mc-zzanine floor of the St.' Francis,
Gearj- street side, with fine windows
facing: the rising sun — luck/ omen.
Refreshments? To be sure. Tea, and
other harmless things.
The main' room is admirably fitted
for cards, tete-a-tetes and other things,
with attractive walls and drapes, and
without is the balcony whence music
grows; likewise for big events are two
beautiful reception rooms at the club's
disposal, with dressing-rooms— and
powder puffs.
On the 15tn will this new home be
blessed— blessed in the name of good
fellowthip.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Colonel Colomb,
the retired officer of the Royal Ar
tillery, is well known In London society
for two reasons. He is a descendant
of Christopher Columbus, the discov
erer of America, and also, perhaps,
the greatest friend possessed by the
birds of the metropolis. At all smart
social functions he is an invited guest;
to all traveling Americans he Is point
ed out when they go to the park to
see the world of fashion. But it Is not
along the Ladies' Mile thr t!iey seek
for Colonel Colomb, nor is he seen rid
ing 'in the Row, but 'a little further
down toward Kensington Gardens.
There every morning, wet or fine, when
in town, the colonel may be r.een sur
rounded by birds, wb/stling to some,
talking to others and feeding them all.
Each and every sparrow knows his
name and will perch upon the colonel' a
head and shoulders, eat out of his
hand and fly far to welcome him on
his approach.
So great a lover of birds is Colonel
'Colomb that the most important of
social functions is not allowed to de
prive him of the pleasure of feeding his
pets. When he goes away traveling
provision is always made for his little
pensioners, and once when called away
from London suddenly he inserted in
the Morning Post an appeal to "bird
lovers," requesting them to "please
fee'd my birds in the park during my
unavoidable absence." At Monte Carlo,
which he frequently visits, Colonel Co
lomb is also a figure of prominence, for
there he has captured the affections
of the flock of pigeons by feeding and
petting them. When surrounded by
these birds he Is an object of great in
terest to amateur photographers, par
ticularly ladles.
It is from a collateral branch of
Christopher Columbus' family that
Colonel Colomb Is descended. In ap
pearance he Is tall and military look-
Ing, his HghJ hair Just flecked with
gray. Although now retired from tha
army, he Is exceedingly energetic. He
is esteemed as a fine French scholar
and has written an abridged English
version in rhyme of Mollere's "Femmes
Savantes." The family seat of the
Colombs Is Dromquinna in County
Kerry, Ireland. Colonel Colomb la a
brother of Sir John Colomb, M. P.. a
naval officer who is well known 'as
a writer on imperial defense.
This great bird lover has many In
teresting little stories to tell about
his pets. He declares that society has
much tc learn from the birds, who-, he
declares, would never be guilty of tak
ing- any Tom. Dick or Harry into their
different sets and becoming so hope
lessly mixed as London society now is.
They maintain their little cliques with
great dignity, he says. For Instance
the birds of aristocratic Hyde Park
F will not. associate with the feathered
denizens of the more plebeian Batter-.
sea Park. muMMmE,.-
DESCENDANT OF COLUMBUS
IS A SOCIETY FAVORITE
. "And now .comes another engagement
which arouses .the united interest of
San ; ! Francisco and Marin. . Benjamin
Dibblee has won the heart of - Isabel
• :.'. • •
When Lieutenant Clarence Carrigan
and bis brida return from their honey
moon in the romantic Yosemlte they
will take up thftir abode at Fort Baker,
where Lieutenant Carrigan Is sta
tioned.
Mrs. Latham McMullen's visit to the
high'Sierras has brought a fine tone to
her cheeks. These Sierra trips are
growing in popularity year by year.
Over in Marin County stands a great
gray stone building, ivy-clad, with
beautiful turrets and spires and gables.
It's a home for little orphans. - ,
- Now, there are many mouths to feed
in that gray stone house and many lit
tle bodies to clothe. So on. September
17, the home of Mrs. Kent, at Kentfield
— Just at the foot of Tamalpais — will
be thrown open for a fete champetre,
the nickels, dimes and dollars to go
Into the treasury of that gray stone
house. Among the ladies actively in
terested In the work are:
Mesdames H. L. King; H. W. Taylor,
Charles Hoag, Caldwell and H. H.
Dobbin, who will preside at the hand
kerchief booth. />":'
Mrs. Church and' Mrs. M. Connell
will dispense tea, and Mrs. J. Coughlln,
sandwiches and salads.
Mrs. H. I,. Van Winkle will assume
charge of the fancy booth, as will Mrs.
D. W. Hosborough and Mrs. Jane L.
MarteL
Mrs. Robert Dollar and Mrs. John
Kech will preside over the fruit booth,
and Mrs. John McKay of Ross at a
fancy table.
A clever arrangement has been made,
whereby a luncheon will be served on
the lawn for 25c. Thus those who go
over for a breath of September air
may go over early and stay all day—
thereby' doing good unto themselves
and unto the fatherless little ones.
Then it was that a large part of the
wedding gifts had to be sold for
passage money, and on their return
to this city that the same expedient
was resorted to for transportation
East.
Now, while every one sympathizes
with this high-spirited American girl
in her misfortune there is much in
her case that may save other girls
from similar pain. And the primary
lesson in it is: Don't wed on sight.
The secondary lesson is: Don't sail
under false colors. If you are heiress
to ten thousand, don't give out the
impression that the sum is ten mil
lion, because if you do some fortune
hunter who knows the same trick may
trap you at your own game — then ex
planations, tears and home again. ;
• • •
Apropos of foreign matches, who is
there but has sympathy in her heart
for poor, heartbroken Natalie Schenk?
'Twas blow enough to discover that
she had wedded a penniless man, she
who had been reared to every luxury,
and alns! without means of her own
to support.it. But on finding him a
forger, a. "no-funds" tulprit, and an
outcast from the British army, that was
the full measure of shame and sorrow.
It is said that the first expose came
in this city, before the spectacular sail
ing of the pair for Honolulu — when it
will be remembered that the alleged
"captain" shipped a cow as part of his
necessary equipment for comfort. Poor
cow! Did she ever get back to her na
tive heath?
over the water, and is now happily lo
cated at Manhasset Manor, Shelter Isl
and. Here with little Hugh, now two
years and a half old— a delicate, high
bred little chap — she is for a time at
least out of the limelight.
The Sequoia Club has assumed the
dignity of a householder. Now, that's
not a bad showing for a club with a
constitution but a few months old.
But in California things do grow.
Saturday evening the members of
Stratford Shakespeare Society and a
number of others tendered Mrs. North
a farewell reception at her home on
Pacific avenue. The evening was spent
in music and dancing and a witty ad
dress by the genial hostess. Mrs. North
leaves . next week as delegate to the
International Educational Convention,
which convenes in Paris in October.
After the convention is over she will
spend some time traveling in Southern
Europe and will return to San Fran
cisco next summer.
tary station established In California,
in 1770, under Spanish rule.
Among those who enjoyed its soft ca
resses last week were Mrs. L. E. Han
i hett. Miss Beatrice Wright, Mr. and
Mrs. Newton Claypoof and the Earl of
Kuston and his party— an appreciative
band of visitors surely.
Hundreds of Knights spent last week
•rar.dering over the preserves of the
Ids: hotel by the sea and sauntering
through the famous "Old Town."
And by the way, that was a clever
thing that a few good Californians did
—to petition the War Department to re
store to Ord Barracks its rightful, be
cause original, -. name— the .. Presidio . of
Monterey, which was 'the second ;i mtif.-
Mrs. A. N. Towne, with Mrs. Clinton
Worden and Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crook
arc enjoying these rare September days
at Del Monte. The surf is never more
alluring than during the months of
September and October— hence the
crowds on the beach these days.
• • •
What a charming matd Miss Mabel
Gunn is entertaining— Miss Edythe
Johnson of Dayton, O. Both the girls
are holding high court and enjoying
every minute of a roseate summer.
Miss .Johnson's parents are visiting
at the Palace.
• • •
Then comes pretty Florence Bailey's
wedding, when Mr. Mohr will lure from
the city one of her fairest maids.
The nuptials of Miss Mabel Gunn and
Dr. Thayer, likewise the wedding of
3^?ti Gallatin and Dr. William P. Har
vey, will not take place till the "cherry
blossoms bloom."
Nest month shall bring forth the
wedding of Miss Katherine Dillon and
Lieutenant Winship— lucky chap! Like
wise MIes Helen Pettigrew and young
Lemxnon. who has his home nest wait
ing: anxiously for its bonny bride.
There was the Foster-Fife wedding,
the Lee- Van Winkle affair, the Sims-
Uundschu nuptials and a few others to
keep up the .interest in affaires du
coeur.
Through all the tumult of the visit
ing Knishts the merry peal of the wed
ding: bell rang out during the week.
Miss Katherine Glass is looked for at
an early date. Her Philippine visit at
the termination of her course of study
at the Children's Hospital Training
School for Nurses was full of romance.
The nlucky maid must have chosen
wi?o Tfc& well in her fiance, since her
achievements at the hospital proved
tipr mental qualities and these are
rather safe guides to the emotions.
Fun, frankness and buoyancy are
all contagious conditions — so who can
tell what the new edict may brins
forth ? At any rate, the chronic "bored"
yourg man — and woman — must pay the
penalty of their sin, and therefore
again may the gods be thanked.
Bridge? Perhaps! The strain of an
all -day same may be responsible for
some of the numerous nerve-breaks, but
there are many other causes, to be sure
— though 'tis said that bridge has had
its harvest of victims. But thus the fiat
hrs gone forth throughout the land, aye,
even through the impenetrable walls of
Newport that 'tis bad form to wear the
'•frozen face"; that men and their
wives must chat together as though
they really enjoyed it, and to assume
the demeanor of a Dr. Cogswell statue
Is to invite social ostracism. So maid
ens fair, beware. Enter into things as
though you really wanted to — even as
have many of our smart set before the
miprhty promulgation went forth
throughout the land.
Thus, if you find yourself in high
spirits, give visual evidence of It, that
others may borrow from your store, for
this is the true crusade depres
sion and despair— despots that at this
very hour are stalking about among
the maids and matrons of the smart set
as never before. Hence comes anima
tion as a needed antidote.
The sods be thanked— the "frappe
face" Is no longer good form! Maids
and matrons, if you feel a Joy in your
heart, pray give it rein. If you are
thrilled or appalled at the play, at the
races, anywhere, fear not that it is
bourgeoise to let year face tell the tale
as well as your voice. The day of the
"bored air" is gone— and it died by its
own hand. Bearing an air of discontent
and unsatisfied longing, by the law of
sympathetic action, it bred Just those
morbid conditions. And the world
knows what morbid broodlngs bring
so do nerve specialists, they who of all
medical practitioners are to-day the
busiest. And the frappe— the frozen
face— has played its part in the havoc.
Just when the frozen or the bored
expression became good form is hard
to discover, but thera are those who
believe It to be the unique discovery
of genius; for all of us know men and
women who write or paint or compose
more or less successfully who bear this
air, *s if tne commonplace palled on
their gentle spirits, causing pain — when
as a matter of fact the pain is all on
the other side. Now, this bored air is
simply a pose, and poses are distinctly
passe In good society.
If men or women are big, either in
character or achievement, no pose is
necessary to emphasize the fact. If
they are ordinary mortals that com
pose the bulk of humanity then a pose
is insufferable. Naturalness is the key
note of conduct to-day— in the drawing
room as in the studio^ Pose is a lie,
and living a lie is a useless expenditure
at energy. By cultivating kindly, con
siderate, courteous thoughts, manners
will come in good time, and then let the
heart and the head be the guides of
conduct with the face its index. Staid
stolidity is no longer an earmark of
pood breeding any more than is its op
posite — unseemly hilarity.
Debutantes? Why. that's a. hard
question , to decide thus early. ; First,
they will— and then they won't. There's
Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith,' Mjas Edith Sonntag, Mi«s
Maisee Langhorne. Miss Bernice Wil
son, Miss Juanlta Wells and perhaps
Miss Grace Wilson — but there may be
even a deflection of some of these ere
the time comes.
Happy little maids!
The luncheon of Mrs. John Charles
Adams, given on Tuesday, was, as ars
all her {iff airs, a luncheon of surprises.
A clever little woman is Mrs. Adams,
who has never been guilty of doing the
commonplace in the way of entertain
ing. -The table held a deftly concealed
hollow center, through which arose,
at the psychological 'moment. Mrs.
Adams' little boy.'Bobble. . - •
That will assuredly be an affair
worth while — as are functions all that
good lady assays to give.
• • •
On Thursday next Mrs. "William H.
MI113 will entertain at an informal tea.
the guest of honor to be Mrs. Rocky of
Portland.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin will be hostess
at a ball in honor of her granddaugh
ter, Miss Anita Harvey, in honor of the
maid's coming-out.
• • •
The Misses Elizabeth and Ruth Al
len, who entertained at their country
home at Menlo, are back in town.
These charming young maids are of
the Gaiety Club, whose pretty dictato
rial designation of "nice men" last win
ter was of much interest to the ob
servant public.
Mr and Mrs. Charles Josselyn. Miss
Gertrude and Miss Marjorie Josselyn
have returned to San Francisco after a
year abroad. The Josselyns have been
for the greater part of that time in
Paris. Miss Marjorie and Miss Gertrude
Josselyn are both fascinating young
women and favorites in society.
Miss Mary Langhorne has been a
guest at the Sperry home in Sausalito.
Miss Langhorne was the maid of honor
at the recent Carrigan-Sperry wedding.
Mrs. Truxtun Beale has left for the
East, where she is to join Mr. Beale.
Mrs. Beale is looking forward to a
jaunt through Canada with her hus
band, after which they will visit Wash
ington, D. C.; as the guests of Mr.
Beale's sister, Mrs. McLean.
Kittle The families of these well
known young" people make their homes
in Boss through the summer. What
could be more conducive to Just such
results? m . „ .
Miss Etelka Wllliar has returned to
her home in Sausalito, after a visi : of
aeveral weeks with friends In Oregon.
The Frosty Reign of the
"Bored Air" Is Over
and Done With.
Sally Sharp Declares It
Correct to Smile
When Pleased.
FEATURES MAY
NOW EXPRESS
THE FEELINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
THE "TRAPPE FACE" NO LONGER SMART.
20Sequoia Club Now House
holder With Home at
St. Francis.
Overworked Nerve Spe
cialists Bid Smart Set
to Cheer Up.
POSES PASSE
IN WORLDJF
HIGH SOCIETY
of the United States steamship Monte
rey. A welcome addition to the naval
set will Dretty " : Miss Milton be— and
what a merry time she • will have,
unless the climate" be hard for her. i .
¦•-¦-¦•. • -
The tennis tournament ¦ in San Ra
fael has lured many over the. bay/
Miss May 8utton Is the lodestar, to be
sure,, and every novice at the,; racquet
Industriously watched her "curves; An
interesting maid is she, as are her
athletic sisters. ;: ; ;^
- •' - . ¦ • -•--.•.. ¦ '. . ,. , ...
If maids be not athletic these days
then they- must go in for some cultural
achievement. Miss Lucie , King, Miss
Edith Simpson,^ Miss "Elizabeth;: Mills
and scores more* of smart ; maidens at
tended the summer, school at] Berkeley.
Some of .these' are putting ¦ the; digested
thoughts In prlnt-rand right' worthy; Is
much of their "output.
Among these. ,1 clever^ /girls Is Miss
Frankie Glass, daughter of Mf^fand
Mrs. Louis Glass, who has penned some
very fetching stuff, into which *' she
throws .; much of her pretty personality.
It is sometimes a bar to development
for. girls well endowed mentally to be
born to affluence.. Under pressure of
. "must," such clever girls as Miss Glass
would achieve a name In the world, of
lnksters. '
. '¦' . ¦' •¦-".• } •' • .¦ ¦ •
.."¦•¦ And so ,'tis decided that the Friday
night dances will materialize as of yore
;to Jthe", patron: saint^ of the
; smart set— dear,, rotund,; happy 'Ned
Greenway. And the dates, are set for
; November,: 4, December 23 and March
3 at ' the Palace; ¦'_.
The. first ball will be an assembly, the
. second : a ? fancy dress and the third > Is
in j the » air. . No w, l here's • something ' to
- gladden the ; hearts of the, dear debu
-tanterrllkewiBe?\her? elder: sisters < and
-; aunts-Jfall ; of % whom, at age,
C have a predilection for Ned Greenway*s
• dances.: .jAndj; small slnceithe
-Greenway dances "stand out as ¦ the • first ;
; «>'".s-.r iwkw. ¦¦ •'.-'. ~ . ¦¦•:--;--s. 1 --*. .»'
.water, affairs of the last decade In San
Francisco.
• . • ¦ . •
- What a to-do California gold causes
in the East— aye, and even abroad., .
Here's Mrs.: Oelrichs' bal blanc the
talk of -the continent. Now she's In
stalled into Rosecliff e a splendid organ
where, with a harp and a violin, she
may while away a few unbusy ¦ hours.
But that's a sane pleasure! '
, - .Then ' there's Princess Hatzf eldt over
in London, throwing " the Huntlngton
; dollars broadcast to the birds,* enter
taining "dooks" and "dookesses" at the
most extravagant Romanesque ; feasts
V^-her latest achievement the housing of
royalty,; for,, a .week, ; when "the* Duke of
/ Connau ght . and ,. his - Duchess dwelt be
>neath" the Hatzf eldt roof tree. -
: ; Now, there's pretty Mrs. , Hugh Tevis,
¦whose personal and financial charm has
..brought half of Europe to her, feet; and
J who's \ kept busy ,; shooing; off < Ear la "and
.Counts.' . ; She , managed „ to i escape ¦ "; the
\i love-lariats L thrown about* her when
THREE CLEVER MEMBERS.OF, LOCAL SMART SET, ONE OF WHOM WRITES.
Mrs. J. B. Milton and Miss Mattie
Milton sail for the Philippines on the
30th' of , September. V Upon . their" arrival
they.; will . make- thelr^ home^at -^Cavlte,
where Captain Milton is in command
Mr. and Mrs. James Cof fln are still
at their country place at Ross, but
will come to town for. the winter and
occupy the Cunningham house on
Broadway, as they ; have for_ several
winters past..' Miss Natalie Coffin, who
is now abroad, will be • one • of the
debutantes of the winter. ¦ •
As an experiment in clubdom, the
Sequoia possesses a unique interest.
Many questions arose when its cour
ageous and clever founder. Miss Ednah
Robinson, set out to create it. One
was: Are women clubable in the sense
that men are clubable? The second:
What will be the outcome of such free
commingling' of men and women on
neutral ground? Such nonsense! 'Of
course there are loads of women who
possess the companionship! spirit— who
are big and broad enough to grasp the
best in mutual fellowship, which is
bound to be of benefit to both men
and women.
, The directors, with , the president,
Charles Sedgwick Aiken, have been
wise in their age and generation by
securing downtown \ rooms, where the
drop-in habit may be sanely cultivated.
Ah! But will the men— the men that
stand for the bone and sinew of the
constitution, the women, the flesh and
the frills— find the rooms as livable
as their own - clubrooms? But away
with conjecture! To be sure they will
—the right type of men— even as th;/
have in New .York and in London.
And the rooms? Snug and comfy on
the mc-zzanine floor of the St.' Francis,
Gearj- street side, with fine windows
facing: the rising sun — luck/ omen.
Refreshments? To be sure. Tea, and
other harmless things.
The main' room is admirably fitted
for cards, tete-a-tetes and other things,
with attractive walls and drapes, and
without is the balcony whence music
grows; likewise for big events are two
beautiful reception rooms at the club's
disposal, with dressing-rooms— and
powder puffs.
On the 15tn will this new home be
blessed— blessed in the name of good
fellowthip.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— Colonel Colomb,
the retired officer of the Royal Ar
tillery, is well known In London society
for two reasons. He is a descendant
of Christopher Columbus, the discov
erer of America, and also, perhaps,
the greatest friend possessed by the
birds of the metropolis. At all smart
social functions he is an invited guest;
to all traveling Americans he Is point
ed out when they go to the park to
see the world of fashion. But it Is not
along the Ladies' Mile thr t!iey seek
for Colonel Colomb, nor is he seen rid
ing 'in the Row, but 'a little further
down toward Kensington Gardens.
There every morning, wet or fine, when
in town, the colonel may be r.een sur
rounded by birds, wb/stling to some,
talking to others and feeding them all.
Each and every sparrow knows his
name and will perch upon the colonel' a
head and shoulders, eat out of his
hand and fly far to welcome him on
his approach.
So great a lover of birds is Colonel
'Colomb that the most important of
social functions is not allowed to de
prive him of the pleasure of feeding his
pets. When he goes away traveling
provision is always made for his little
pensioners, and once when called away
from London suddenly he inserted in
the Morning Post an appeal to "bird
lovers," requesting them to "please
fee'd my birds in the park during my
unavoidable absence." At Monte Carlo,
which he frequently visits, Colonel Co
lomb is also a figure of prominence, for
there he has captured the affections
of the flock of pigeons by feeding and
petting them. When surrounded by
these birds he Is an object of great in
terest to amateur photographers, par
ticularly ladles.
It is from a collateral branch of
Christopher Columbus' family that
Colonel Colomb Is descended. In ap
pearance he Is tall and military look-
Ing, his HghJ hair Just flecked with
gray. Although now retired from tha
army, he Is exceedingly energetic. He
is esteemed as a fine French scholar
and has written an abridged English
version in rhyme of Mollere's "Femmes
Savantes." The family seat of the
Colombs Is Dromquinna in County
Kerry, Ireland. Colonel Colomb la a
brother of Sir John Colomb, M. P.. a
naval officer who is well known 'as
a writer on imperial defense.
This great bird lover has many In
teresting little stories to tell about
his pets. He declares that society has
much tc learn from the birds, who-, he
declares, would never be guilty of tak
ing- any Tom. Dick or Harry into their
different sets and becoming so hope
lessly mixed as London society now is.
They maintain their little cliques with
great dignity, he says. For Instance
the birds of aristocratic Hyde Park
F will not. associate with the feathered
denizens of the more plebeian Batter-.
sea Park. muMMmE,.-
DESCENDANT OF COLUMBUS
IS A SOCIETY FAVORITE
. "And now .comes another engagement
which arouses .the united interest of
San ; ! Francisco and Marin. . Benjamin
Dibblee has won the heart of - Isabel
• :.'. • •
When Lieutenant Clarence Carrigan
and bis brida return from their honey
moon in the romantic Yosemlte they
will take up thftir abode at Fort Baker,
where Lieutenant Carrigan Is sta
tioned.
Mrs. Latham McMullen's visit to the
high'Sierras has brought a fine tone to
her cheeks. These Sierra trips are
growing in popularity year by year.
Over in Marin County stands a great
gray stone building, ivy-clad, with
beautiful turrets and spires and gables.
It's a home for little orphans. - ,
- Now, there are many mouths to feed
in that gray stone house and many lit
tle bodies to clothe. So on. September
17, the home of Mrs. Kent, at Kentfield
— Just at the foot of Tamalpais — will
be thrown open for a fete champetre,
the nickels, dimes and dollars to go
Into the treasury of that gray stone
house. Among the ladies actively in
terested In the work are:
Mesdames H. L. King; H. W. Taylor,
Charles Hoag, Caldwell and H. H.
Dobbin, who will preside at the hand
kerchief booth. />":'
Mrs. Church and' Mrs. M. Connell
will dispense tea, and Mrs. J. Coughlln,
sandwiches and salads.
Mrs. H. I,. Van Winkle will assume
charge of the fancy booth, as will Mrs.
D. W. Hosborough and Mrs. Jane L.
MarteL
Mrs. Robert Dollar and Mrs. John
Kech will preside over the fruit booth,
and Mrs. John McKay of Ross at a
fancy table.
A clever arrangement has been made,
whereby a luncheon will be served on
the lawn for 25c. Thus those who go
over for a breath of September air
may go over early and stay all day—
thereby' doing good unto themselves
and unto the fatherless little ones.
Then it was that a large part of the
wedding gifts had to be sold for
passage money, and on their return
to this city that the same expedient
was resorted to for transportation
East.
Now, while every one sympathizes
with this high-spirited American girl
in her misfortune there is much in
her case that may save other girls
from similar pain. And the primary
lesson in it is: Don't wed on sight.
The secondary lesson is: Don't sail
under false colors. If you are heiress
to ten thousand, don't give out the
impression that the sum is ten mil
lion, because if you do some fortune
hunter who knows the same trick may
trap you at your own game — then ex
planations, tears and home again. ;
• • •
Apropos of foreign matches, who is
there but has sympathy in her heart
for poor, heartbroken Natalie Schenk?
'Twas blow enough to discover that
she had wedded a penniless man, she
who had been reared to every luxury,
and alns! without means of her own
to support.it. But on finding him a
forger, a. "no-funds" tulprit, and an
outcast from the British army, that was
the full measure of shame and sorrow.
It is said that the first expose came
in this city, before the spectacular sail
ing of the pair for Honolulu — when it
will be remembered that the alleged
"captain" shipped a cow as part of his
necessary equipment for comfort. Poor
cow! Did she ever get back to her na
tive heath?
over the water, and is now happily lo
cated at Manhasset Manor, Shelter Isl
and. Here with little Hugh, now two
years and a half old— a delicate, high
bred little chap — she is for a time at
least out of the limelight.
The Sequoia Club has assumed the
dignity of a householder. Now, that's
not a bad showing for a club with a
constitution but a few months old.
But in California things do grow.
Saturday evening the members of
Stratford Shakespeare Society and a
number of others tendered Mrs. North
a farewell reception at her home on
Pacific avenue. The evening was spent
in music and dancing and a witty ad
dress by the genial hostess. Mrs. North
leaves . next week as delegate to the
International Educational Convention,
which convenes in Paris in October.
After the convention is over she will
spend some time traveling in Southern
Europe and will return to San Fran
cisco next summer.
tary station established In California,
in 1770, under Spanish rule.
Among those who enjoyed its soft ca
resses last week were Mrs. L. E. Han
i hett. Miss Beatrice Wright, Mr. and
Mrs. Newton Claypoof and the Earl of
Kuston and his party— an appreciative
band of visitors surely.
Hundreds of Knights spent last week
•rar.dering over the preserves of the
Ids: hotel by the sea and sauntering
through the famous "Old Town."
And by the way, that was a clever
thing that a few good Californians did
—to petition the War Department to re
store to Ord Barracks its rightful, be
cause original, -. name— the .. Presidio . of
Monterey, which was 'the second ;i mtif.-
Mrs. A. N. Towne, with Mrs. Clinton
Worden and Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crook
arc enjoying these rare September days
at Del Monte. The surf is never more
alluring than during the months of
September and October— hence the
crowds on the beach these days.
• • •
What a charming matd Miss Mabel
Gunn is entertaining— Miss Edythe
Johnson of Dayton, O. Both the girls
are holding high court and enjoying
every minute of a roseate summer.
Miss .Johnson's parents are visiting
at the Palace.
• • •
Then comes pretty Florence Bailey's
wedding, when Mr. Mohr will lure from
the city one of her fairest maids.
The nuptials of Miss Mabel Gunn and
Dr. Thayer, likewise the wedding of
3^?ti Gallatin and Dr. William P. Har
vey, will not take place till the "cherry
blossoms bloom."
Nest month shall bring forth the
wedding of Miss Katherine Dillon and
Lieutenant Winship— lucky chap! Like
wise MIes Helen Pettigrew and young
Lemxnon. who has his home nest wait
ing: anxiously for its bonny bride.
There was the Foster-Fife wedding,
the Lee- Van Winkle affair, the Sims-
Uundschu nuptials and a few others to
keep up the .interest in affaires du
coeur.
Through all the tumult of the visit
ing Knishts the merry peal of the wed
ding: bell rang out during the week.
Miss Katherine Glass is looked for at
an early date. Her Philippine visit at
the termination of her course of study
at the Children's Hospital Training
School for Nurses was full of romance.
The nlucky maid must have chosen
wi?o Tfc& well in her fiance, since her
achievements at the hospital proved
tipr mental qualities and these are
rather safe guides to the emotions.
Fun, frankness and buoyancy are
all contagious conditions — so who can
tell what the new edict may brins
forth ? At any rate, the chronic "bored"
yourg man — and woman — must pay the
penalty of their sin, and therefore
again may the gods be thanked.
Bridge? Perhaps! The strain of an
all -day same may be responsible for
some of the numerous nerve-breaks, but
there are many other causes, to be sure
— though 'tis said that bridge has had
its harvest of victims. But thus the fiat
hrs gone forth throughout the land, aye,
even through the impenetrable walls of
Newport that 'tis bad form to wear the
'•frozen face"; that men and their
wives must chat together as though
they really enjoyed it, and to assume
the demeanor of a Dr. Cogswell statue
Is to invite social ostracism. So maid
ens fair, beware. Enter into things as
though you really wanted to — even as
have many of our smart set before the
miprhty promulgation went forth
throughout the land.
Thus, if you find yourself in high
spirits, give visual evidence of It, that
others may borrow from your store, for
this is the true crusade depres
sion and despair— despots that at this
very hour are stalking about among
the maids and matrons of the smart set
as never before. Hence comes anima
tion as a needed antidote.
The sods be thanked— the "frappe
face" Is no longer good form! Maids
and matrons, if you feel a Joy in your
heart, pray give it rein. If you are
thrilled or appalled at the play, at the
races, anywhere, fear not that it is
bourgeoise to let year face tell the tale
as well as your voice. The day of the
"bored air" is gone— and it died by its
own hand. Bearing an air of discontent
and unsatisfied longing, by the law of
sympathetic action, it bred Just those
morbid conditions. And the world
knows what morbid broodlngs bring
so do nerve specialists, they who of all
medical practitioners are to-day the
busiest. And the frappe— the frozen
face— has played its part in the havoc.
Just when the frozen or the bored
expression became good form is hard
to discover, but thera are those who
believe It to be the unique discovery
of genius; for all of us know men and
women who write or paint or compose
more or less successfully who bear this
air, *s if tne commonplace palled on
their gentle spirits, causing pain — when
as a matter of fact the pain is all on
the other side. Now, this bored air is
simply a pose, and poses are distinctly
passe In good society.
If men or women are big, either in
character or achievement, no pose is
necessary to emphasize the fact. If
they are ordinary mortals that com
pose the bulk of humanity then a pose
is insufferable. Naturalness is the key
note of conduct to-day— in the drawing
room as in the studio^ Pose is a lie,
and living a lie is a useless expenditure
at energy. By cultivating kindly, con
siderate, courteous thoughts, manners
will come in good time, and then let the
heart and the head be the guides of
conduct with the face its index. Staid
stolidity is no longer an earmark of
pood breeding any more than is its op
posite — unseemly hilarity.
Debutantes? Why. that's a. hard
question , to decide thus early. ; First,
they will— and then they won't. There's
Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith,' Mjas Edith Sonntag, Mi«s
Maisee Langhorne. Miss Bernice Wil
son, Miss Juanlta Wells and perhaps
Miss Grace Wilson — but there may be
even a deflection of some of these ere
the time comes.
Happy little maids!
The luncheon of Mrs. John Charles
Adams, given on Tuesday, was, as ars
all her {iff airs, a luncheon of surprises.
A clever little woman is Mrs. Adams,
who has never been guilty of doing the
commonplace in the way of entertain
ing. -The table held a deftly concealed
hollow center, through which arose,
at the psychological 'moment. Mrs.
Adams' little boy.'Bobble. . - •
That will assuredly be an affair
worth while — as are functions all that
good lady assays to give.
• • •
On Thursday next Mrs. "William H.
MI113 will entertain at an informal tea.
the guest of honor to be Mrs. Rocky of
Portland.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin will be hostess
at a ball in honor of her granddaugh
ter, Miss Anita Harvey, in honor of the
maid's coming-out.
• • •
The Misses Elizabeth and Ruth Al
len, who entertained at their country
home at Menlo, are back in town.
These charming young maids are of
the Gaiety Club, whose pretty dictato
rial designation of "nice men" last win
ter was of much interest to the ob
servant public.
Mr and Mrs. Charles Josselyn. Miss
Gertrude and Miss Marjorie Josselyn
have returned to San Francisco after a
year abroad. The Josselyns have been
for the greater part of that time in
Paris. Miss Marjorie and Miss Gertrude
Josselyn are both fascinating young
women and favorites in society.
Miss Mary Langhorne has been a
guest at the Sperry home in Sausalito.
Miss Langhorne was the maid of honor
at the recent Carrigan-Sperry wedding.
Mrs. Truxtun Beale has left for the
East, where she is to join Mr. Beale.
Mrs. Beale is looking forward to a
jaunt through Canada with her hus
band, after which they will visit Wash
ington, D. C.; as the guests of Mr.
Beale's sister, Mrs. McLean.
Kittle The families of these well
known young" people make their homes
in Boss through the summer. What
could be more conducive to Just such
results? m . „ .
Miss Etelka Wllliar has returned to
her home in Sausalito, after a visi : of
aeveral weeks with friends In Oregon.
The Frosty Reign of the
"Bored Air" Is Over
and Done With.
Sally Sharp Declares It
Correct to Smile
When Pleased.
FEATURES MAY
NOW EXPRESS
THE FEELINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
THE "TRAPPE FACE" NO LONGER SMART.
20J. H. Ginsler, a printer, was ar
rested ?. yesterday, by Detectives Bun
ner\ arid = Freel at ' the request of ; Sher
iff } Purvis of Modesto. He is wanted
oh- a ; ; charge Tot felony : embezzlement.
Glnsler) says he -went to; Modesto re
cently V In connection ) with *. an
tion scheme. '¦" At '. the hotel where he
stopped • he ' got ; into [ a; card ' game ¦ and
lost • all of : , his"" money.- - He borrowed
$75 y from ' the . landlord and , . asserts
that he i repaid $40 of the amount.
Glnsler Wanted In Modesto.
LONDON, Sept 10 —In society it is
often said that no woman in the land
can exercise tact with such a touch of
charm or give voice to such delightful
little speeches as Queen Alexandracan,
whenever an opportunity .occurs. "Of
course I can't help being sorry for' my
self," the Queen said to Mr. Sandys [of
the Second Life Guards, the other day,
when congratulating him ; upon < having
won the heart < of . one • ot her maids i of
honor. It is Doris .Vivian < who * is , to
be the 'young , man's I bride, a ': maidVof
honor; in'.' whom both Queen Victoria
ment of Doris Vivian, One of Her
Favorites, to Gallant Soldier.
Queen Alexandra Consents to Engage-
LIFE GUARDSMAN WILL -
MARRY MAID OF HONOR,
A rich man never refuses the pennies
offered him in change.
Thursday-^-Chorus by Columbia
Park Boys'. Club; promenade concert;
music'; by, Columbia Park Boys' band;
drlllby California Commandery No. 1,
R. P. Hurlbut commanding.
Additional {¦ features v are . being ; pre
pared - to add to- this bill. The' entire
proceeds ! will be turned over to the
Children's Hospital. ]}'¦¦
1 Wednesday — Children's day; special
entertainment, concert and drill . by
Columbia Park Boys' Club; exhibition
by. members of ; the Olympic Club. :
Commencing Tuesday, September
13, and continuing three days, there
will be a series of entertainments at
Mechanics' Pavilion for f the benefit of
the Children's Hospital. The use of
the Pavilion has been obtained
through the ' courtesy of the Knights
Templar and the Odd Fellows, and
the beautiful decorations that cover
the walls of the building; will be left
for the benefit. Two crack drill corps
of Templars will give exhibitions for
this cause. The Golden 'Gate Com
mandery No. 16 and California Com
mandery No. 1 will send the pick of
their Sir Knights. Following is the
programme for the three days:
/Tuesday— Concert under* the direc
tion of H. J. Stewart ; drill by Golden
Gate Commandery No.* 16, by courtesy
of the "commander, Colonel W.. Ed
wards.
George Maxwell, a roomer, at the
Francisco _ Hotel, Turk and Taylor
streets, fell down the elevator shaft
about 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
His left leg was ; fractured above the
ankle. He was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital' in the patrol
wagon.
Falls Down Elevator Shaft.
Many Volunteers to Appear
at the Big Benefit for
the Children's Hospital
FOR LITTLE SUFFERERS
Templars and Odd Fellows
Grant Use of the Pavilion
for Charitable Purpose
Miscellaneous — J. Gotthe, Pasadena;
Mrs. M. B&tes, Pasadena; Mrs. H. Ha
zel, San Jose; I. H. Hazel, San Jose;
Mrs. W. V. Dyche, Pomona; J. A.
Dyche, Pomona; E. Fritz,, Santa Mon
ica; S. Fritz, Santa Monica; Professor
R. E. Murtha, Oakdale; Mrs. R. -E.
Murtha, Oakdale; W. H. Ham and
family, San Bernardino; E. F. Ham,
San Bernardino; Mrs. J. F. Armstrong,
San Bernardino; Mrs. A. F. Melrose,
Alameda; C. I* Taylor and family,
Bakersfleld; L. Chalmers, Sacramento;
J. Gillis, Stockton; Mrs. M. J. Luc
cock, Clearwater; M. Braverman, VI
aalia; C. J. Clendora and wife, Santa
Paula; F. Parunlay and .wife, Shasta;
J. N. Vallandingham. Alexander; Mri.
H. L. Esfey, Santa Rosa; S. A. Ho watt
and wife, Scotia; Mrs. L. F. Lewis,
VacaviIIe;"W. G. Mumper. Highgrove;
J. W. Braten and wife, . Redding; W.
C. Barth, Corona; Mrs. J. H. Kassner,
Orovllle; Mrs. M. Temple, Los Gatos;
E. E. . Golden, lob ¦ Gatos; L. Kelfer,
Monrovia; B. C. Bain, Redding; J.
Jackson, Kern; J. de S. Bettencourt,
Hastings; C A. Douglass, and wife,
Tracy; R. B, Timberlake, ¦ Santa Bar
bara; Ralph Rose, Healdsbur*.
Ocean Park — C. Parker, W. T. Hal-
Uday. R. Parker, L. C. Parker, G. H.
Hazleton and wife.
San DIegt) — A. I. ,Pollians, Mrs. G.
M. Hawley, G. H. Hawley, C. L.
Hubbs.
Oakland — Miss K. A. Murray, F. W.
Schultz and wife, A. \V. Dray.
Riverside — A. Stander, Dr. F. Breit
weiser, F. B. Wolcott and wife.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 10. — The follow
ing visitors from California have reg
istered at the California building:
San Francisco — L. Powers, Miss E.
Murphy, Mrs. A. Friman, J. Frlman.
A. Stone, L. Woerner, S. H. Burke. G.
Williams. J. C. Aird, Mrs. C. M. Kim
ble, C. M. Kimble. H. Steinberg and
wife. J. T. Burke, Dr. J. de S. Betten
court, T. C. Cartey, Miss C. Pesante,
N. Kauffman, E. Earley, C. Carter.
Los Angreles — Mrs. G. L. Arnold, H.
Juddery, F. Davia, Miss A. Smith, F.
E. Howe, Mrs. A. J. Harshberger, B.
Rogers, M. V. Arnold, D. L. Hutch
ens, Mrs. L. Phillips, Miss H. Phillips,
W. Faust. Mrs. E. R. Means, G. R.
Bain, Miss R. M. Adams, Mrs. A. Pep
per, Mrs. H. E. Bolck, C. Kerns, Mias
M. Guiado. Mrs. W. T. Bird, T. How
"Wing. . L. Gerhart, F. Mergulre, L.
Harnett, G. Cm-ran and wife, Mrs. B.
Guiado. M. Schwed and daughter, M.
A. Brunson, Mrs. G. S. Patton.
State Building Is Visited by Many
People From West.
CALIFORNIAXS AT FAIR.
WORTHY CAUSE
TO BE AIDED
interest. The girl's mother. Lady .Viv
ian, was a very great invalid and of so
uncertain a temper that Doris and her'
twin sister had a most unhappy home.*
Queen Victoria made Doris a. maid of!
honor, and later Queen Alexandra add
ed the other. sister to her suite. That
Sandys' proposal to Miss Vivian took
place in the one punt on the lake at
Ranelagh la not the least Interesting
Item of the engagement, for the craft
in question Is as well known to every
American as It is to every English vis
itor to Ranelagh. Sandys has between
five and six thousand a year and a
place in Shropshire. Lord Vivian was !
British. Minister. In Brussels. It will j
not be without regret, however,' that
Miss Doris .Vivian gives up her pres
ent! position as maid of honor, for the
po8t;is a very different one now than
in the time of the late Queen, who
never allowed her ladies to sit In her
presence, no . matter how many hours
they might have to stand in attend
ance. The wedding is to- take place
iri October. : 'J- : .'
LONDON, Sept. 10— It is possible that
Andrew Carnegie may come before the
public soon In a new role— tha't of tem
perance reformer. Already, he is doing
a lot in a quiet way toward the sup
port of the temperance organizations
in this country. Although he could not
see eye to eye with his friend, the late
Cardinal Manning, as concerned reli
gious questions, Carnegie had the
greatest admiration for the Cardinal's
work as a democratic thinker and an
apostle of temperance. It is not gen
erally known the Laird of Skibo was
one of the strongest supporters t that
Manning had In connection with the
temperance movement he initiated
among the members of the Roman
Catholic community in England. A
check for a substantial amount was
always forthcoming when the work of
the Cardinal wanted extending. Car
negie admits that Manning was the
first man to impress him deeply with
the advantages of strict abstinence
from alcohol. It is a common saying
of his now that one ¦ sober man ' is
worth a whole world of drunkards. He
is a generous contributor to all the
leading temperance organizations In
the country, regardless of creed . or
class.- Lady H«nry Somerset's work
of founding homes for inebriate women
is at the moment the special object of
his attention in this direction. He is
not, however, an intolerant temper
ance advocate. Visitors or guests at
Skibo can have anything they want in
the way of drink, but servants are en
couraged to have money In lieu ot
beer. To the .men working about the
castle grounds and his golf links he is
continually holding up fhe 'American
workman aa an example of sobriety.
He had occasion a short time ago to
remonstrate with one of his men for
unsteadiness, but finding that the case
was hopeless, he asked him if he would
go to the United States instead of tak
ing his discharge. The man chose the
former alternative. "Wise for once,",'
said jCarnegie, "they'll sober you over
there."
Laird of Skibo Says Tliat Cardinal
Manning Taught Him Value of
From Alcohol.
ANDREW CARNEGIE NOW
A TEMPERANCE REFOR31ER
The four stained glass windows fn
:hf Mexican buiMinjr at the World's
Fair were made, in Mexico. Three rep
resent Aztec fc?::<?s. A stained glass
portrait of Trr-sident Diaz is s<?t in a
frnnif on a W3ll.
In the Fifth Infantry there will also
be elections to till vacancies to be cre
ated by expiration of commissions:
For second lieutenant of Company A.
vice Charles E. Poulter; captain of
Company H, vice F. W. Bush, and
first lieutenant of the same company,
vice Gunn; for captain of Company I.
vice J. D. McKowan.
A short time since Captain Moore
was re-elected to command Company
C. First Infantry, but immediately
after his election he tendered his res
ignation, which has not yet been ac
cepted. When the resignation is ac
cepted there will be a contest for the
captaincy between William Corcoran,
the first lieutenant, and Otto Huber.
who is out, but wants to get in again.
Target practice by the National
Guard, so far as the Second Brigade
is concerned.- has this year been neg
lected. Only batteries of the First
Artillery and some companies of the
Fifth Infantry have, during the cur
rent year, gone before the butts and
that was only at their own expense in
order to become used to the new
rifles.
Elections will soon be ordered for
colonel of the First Infantry, vice'T.
F. O'Neil. and for lieutenant colonel,
vice J. F. Connelly, whose terms will
soon expire. In the same regiment
other elections will be called in a few
days to Jill vacancies to be caused by
expiration of commissions. These are:
For captain of Company A, vice
Georjje T. Eallinger; captain of Com
pany B. vice YV. N. Kelly, and for
first lieutenant of the same company,
vice John O'Keefe.
The several organizations of the
National Guard located in. this city
are still trying to recover from the
effects of the hard work at Camp
Atascadero and putting the different
units on their normal plane once
more.
Elections Are Soon to Be Ordered in
the First and Fifth Infantry
Regiments.
GUARDSMEN* RECOVERING
FROM EFFECTS OF CAMP
LONDON', Sept. 10.— If he so desired,
Foxhall Keene could earn a fortune in
England at the present time as an
automobile driver. Not long ago it
!?akcd out that it was Keene'who gave
King Edward his first lesson in guid
ing a car, since when nearly all the
fashionable people — English as well as
American — who have taken up the mo
tor craze have been running after him
seeking driving lessens. Resu!t,[some
soreness on the part of English profes
sional drivers who can hardly be in
duced to mention Keene's name. Only
recently the American sport v.as hon
ored further by being asked to thow
the Prince of Wales how to ke»:p his
car under control.
Traches Kinjj to Run a Car.
AT EL CAIiMELO: Anton Philister J. R.
Goodwin and wife. H. L. Carmichael. A. E.
Roome, J. S. Rothschild, J. Kenny and wife.
E. A. Arnold, C. N. Hunter, Mr. and Mrs.
V. Davis. San Frnn^lscn; K. R. Glrhr,
Llgonier. Ind.; Mien C. Needier, Peru. Ill •
Dr. J. H. Peck and wife. Miss Peck. Miss
Pierson. Claveland. Ohio: Mrs. C. C. Robert
con, Walter Francis, Sacramento; F. G. Nan-
AT DIPSEA INN: From San Francisco —
R. P. Ashe. P.. H. Chllds. G. M. Ransom. A.
W. Foilanbee. D. G. Scofield, Louis FarranJ,
Alfred J. Int. G. I. Hcrrick, Richard T. MouM,
William Humphrey. T. .1. FUznatrlok, \v. G.
Dicker. Jean English. J. E. Meade, George
Wettt-ran. Janes P. Fogarty. Thomas D. Mc-
I-Cenna. . James Morley, F. Hartmann. From
Mill Valley— Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Sollom. Mr.
and Mrs. W. F. Rlttle?. From Sausalito
Mrs. Gastort M. Ashc. Mrs. E. L. Ruthburn,
R. F. McLeod. M. Lamont, E. G. Roberts.
From Sacramento — Mrs. J. E. Kane. From
Oakland— Florence M. Hanna,' Grace M.
Fisher. From Berkeley — Ed Hartley. From
Zuerick, Switzerland — Ernept Bos*hard, Fritz
Weaber, F. Hartmann. J. B. Lyman. From
Alameda — B. H. Randoluh. D. I-. Randolph.
From Stuttgart, Germany — Otto C Schmidt.
From Philippine I*'and.«i— G Bealer.
AT AGCA CALIENTE SPRINGS: From
San Francisco— Mrs. A, Jackson, A. D Swee
ney. George E. Barrett. E. J.'Flieger. Mrs.
E. J. Flleger and son. A. Barnett. Mrs. A.
D.' Swe?ney. R. C. O'Connor, Louis Barner,
William Everett. Miss Lucy A. Kuhle Miss
May E. Sullivan. Walter Campbell and wife.
George K. Duvol, H. F. Edwards. D: J.
Graney. Walter J. Gannon, F. L. Wolfe. M.
H. Giordin, wife end child. From Fruitvale —
J. J. Yore, wife and son. From Fresno— Mrs.
Elgin McNab. From Vallejo — Jamra Power
and family. From Oakland — Henry Bonner.
AT THE TALLAC, Lake Tahoe: From Ssn,
Francisco — Clarence Patrick. Mb. H. Kreling,
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Black. Dr. S. E. Sim
mons, Mlse Agnes M. Sullivan. MIes Maud
Gates. Humboldt Gatei, W. W. Williams, L.
H. Waters, R. C. Felge, John Burke. I. W.
Cahen. C. Heller. J. H. Skaggs. E. J. Stan
ton. From Lcs Angeles — Miss E. L. KlrckhofT.
P. J. McDonald. Miss Lillian Kirckhoff. G.
Erhmann and wife. Dr. and Mrs. Karl Krutz,
Mrs. Estelle ft Smith. Mrs. Clara E. Smith,
Jack Green, Horace Kline, D. C. Wallace,
P. W. Cam. Jennie A. High, Mlas Florence
Summer. D. Field. George D. Howland. Dr.
Charles L. Sexton. "W. J. Craig. From San
Antonio. Texas — G. B. Moore. From Tonopah.
Nevada — Keg Pittmann, Mrs. Keg Pittmann.
From San Jose — S. G. Moore. From Sulsun —
F. J. Taylor, wife and three daughters. From
Sausalito — W. G. Morrow. Oordon Morrow.
From Alcmeda — Mr. and Airs. W. A. Bis
•ell, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Swayne. From Pa»a
dena—Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Mercer, W. W.
Down, Miss M. Smith, L. Green. From Santa
Ana— G. Field*. From Petaluma— J. E. Olm
sted, C. H. Kennedy, W. S. Adams. From
San Gabriel— Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Stevens.
From San Mateo — Mr. and Mrs. E. G. Bay
lard. Miss Baylard. Mls« O'Brien. From River
side — C E. Rumsey.
AT ROWARDENNAN: From San Fran
cisco—C. P. Bailey^ Miss Holmes. William H.
Alford, Mr. and 3As. Charles J. Deering, Mr.
and Mrs. Newton J.' Tharp and son. Dr. Wil
liam Boyes. J. W. Husslng, Mfs. J. Hussing,
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Wals and children, Mrs.
J. A. Allen. Mr. and Mrs. 8. H. Allen. - From
Santa Cru*— Mr. and Mrs. W. II. Lamb. Miss
Lamb. From Tulare — Mr. and Mrs. Zlmer
walt. From Burlingame — Mr. and Mrs. C. J.
Williamson. From Los Angeles — George Bent.
Miss Josephine Bont.
AT DEL MONTE: From San Francisco-
Colonel Ward, G. Bronson Howard, General
Burton. U. S. A.; Dr. Carl Wilson. From
London— Mr. and Mrs. Oak^y. From San Jose
— Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Stirling. From Chicago
— Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Jackson, F. Jackson.
From Kan Francisco— Dr. Herstcln, Mr. anil
Mrs. Thomas H. B. Varney, Fred A. Green
wood. From New York— Mr. and Mrs. Albert
Sax. From San Franclsco-^-Mr. and Mrs. R.
P. Schwerln. Miss Ethel Hager. Andrew Car
r'i.an, Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Pope, Mr. and
Mri. L. P. Lowe. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ox
nard, John D. Spreckels. Miss Grace Spreckcls,
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. McNear, Mr. and Mrs.
R. L. Coleman. H. R. Simpkins, Gerald Rath
bone. E. W. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Sherwood
Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Newhall, Mr. and
Mrs. Byron Jackson, Mr. and Mrs. W. R.
Sherwood. Mr. sad Mrs. John I. Sabln, Mr.
and Mrs. G. A. Boyer, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Dodd. E. J. Tobln, E. R. Dimond. Miss Clay
borough. Dr. and Mrs. J. N. Hall. C. R.
Tobin, Ed Babcock, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Knight,
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Buckbee, Miss Eyre. Mr.
and Mrs. C. C. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
Murphy, Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowles, E. S.
Preston, Mr*. Worthlngton Ames, A. C.
KincsTord, E. Lanel (French Consul of San
« Francisco). P. Kosakedltch (Russian Consul).
i»From Faltimore-rDr. W. G. Welch. From New
York— David Paton.
The late loiterers at the various re
sorts are the. knowing ones. The last
week of exceptional weather has
proved their wisdom in avoiding the
heat and turmoil of the city, while the
glass has climbed to the limit and the
streets have been crowded to their ut
most capacity.
Below are the names of the . wise
ones:
AT BYROX HOT SPRINGS: From San
Francisco— C. Gleason, Ulrlch Roth W. H.
Urooks, G. E. Luce. P. F. Dunne, H. W.
Hamm, W. D. Burkem. A. D. Bruenn C.
Johnson and wife. Mx. and Mrs. S. Rltz ' Mr.
and Mrs-. Harry Jenkins, Werner Stauf Otto
BraunsJorf. Clans T. Grantr and wife, AY11
liam Schntlder. Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Hamil
ton, . Mr. and Mrs. E.-R. Diamond. R.--G.
Fowl«r, . L. McGon-on. F. ,G. Gantner, Mrs.
Therese Hutro, Miwt Sutro and maid, I Arthur
O. Firk. W. F. Garrfll. S. R. Raaeh. L.
Shoenfeld and wife. Miss B. Shoenffld. From
Oakland — C. S. Chamberlain, W. M. Down?
J. H. Barker. Mrs. P, Uonorden. F E. Brig
ham and wife,. Miw» Brisham. ,Mlss Gladys
BrlKham, - Master Brigham. .From Fresno — '
Mrs; Mary Hunault, -"Miss"' Delia Hunault.
Georse Owe.is. From Merced — J.-J. Griffin
E4.Kellker. Mr. and Mrs. R»- flawy er^RW*
Shockley, M. J. OKeefp. From Stockton—
Oregory Bayer. From Turlock— A. L." Me-
GUI. Samuel Adams. From Modesto — Mrs. N.
G. Comins. Mrs. Springer. From Eureka— L.
H. McBride. From San Leandro — Mrs Rita
Rodgera. From Marlpcsa — A. N. Godo." From
Grimes — Silas Rlggs. John Rlgg*. From Los
Hanos — D. Gastombide. P. Gastomblde. From
Grae»- Valley — Rf Geach. From San Rafael
Frank JaiIz. From Tocaloma— A. Estaolo^
From El Paso. Tex. — Charles Zelger. From
Denver. Colo. — J. E: Kirk. From Providence,
R. I. — George Bucklin and valet.
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Fran
c2scot-F. E. Krafleld. Joseph Capsey, Mrs. P.
Franklin. Nellie Hay, Mr. Spiers, W. G. Har
ris, Joseph Lycns, W.,V.'. Perry, F. Bristow, H.
Hcrron. Mr. and Mrs. Hoover, W. C. Bird, S.
S. Hlnsdale. Mr. and Mrs. Barnes, John
Barnes, Gertie Barnes, . J. E. Devlin, A. A.
Miller. Mrs. D. M. Starrett, Miss L. Lysns,
G. Nathan, P. W. Sllva, Dr. F. P. McGovern,
Mrs. G. Kemp, Georjfe O. Allen. P. J. Far
rcll, Louis Schloh, Joe M. Rose, Manlel
Pardozo, Ray Ccsta. Tlllle Welsh, Frank Lar
son. Miss Nelson, George Butler, P. Ansley G.
C. Hayden. L. Cochran. C. Hadlock Mi«s Bell/
W. Gunn. C.' S..: Harper. E. C. Adams. Lena
Hur.t. Nora Cunningham, Ednh. Goldsmith.
Susie Wfst, G'CTge Griffith. Mr. and Mrs. Par*
mer, W. U. Hlller.S. Buhr, Charles Crandall,
Mm. J. Steward, M. Coltlna. Charles L*ter. Mrs.
McKclly, Male Farley, Peter Hale. E. E.-Conn
E. Hudnon, S.- S. . Piner, Mr. and Mrs. Sulll
van, Mr. and Mrs. Phillips. Miss Ford. Mr.
Fersruson. John . Franks, • W. D. ¦ Sco*t Joe
Majetti, F. A. Lea. Alex. Leppman George C.
McFee. W. A. White. Ed , Gibson. James
Hickey. James Dooley, F. H. Warren, L. H.
Shaw. E. B. Yates, William Egan. Jessie Me-
Kinley. M. Parish. M. A. CralR. E. C. Hebir.
Mr3. Matshall. Mrs. Allen, W. S. Keyes.. From
Sacrameiito — Mr. and Mrs. Godfrey Fred Web
ster. Mrs. C. Huff. E. H. Harrison. H. B.
Graham, Mrs. Moore, Dr. Cane, Miss Grace
Harris. E. H. Ycng. A. Lord, W. J. Casey,
Mike Burk, Georg* Baron. J.H. Garrett W.
A. Aldon. M. Dardwell, F. Seaman." 8. C. *Tal
bot, P. S. DtckenF<*>. May Shankland. Thome
Baker. Tony Phillips, Miss Swart*. . From
Stockton— W. W. Bane. Mr. and Mr*. Baits.
William Stephenson, Mary Stephenson. Grace
Holbrook. Cliarles C. Hall Edith Hall. Mr.
and Mrs.- Hall, Mr. . Syfert, James Gl«ason.
Ocrge- Willart. J. Marvin, Ike Myers S.
Curtis, Mrs. Hanecn, Mr. Keyes, B. C Aker
man. From Ivos Anxeles— Keorge S. White,
H. Dukes. R. F.Longr, E. M. Cronln. R. Km
met, MJss Taylor. C. A. Kinch, Mrs. Grafton.
Mr. nnd Mrs. Cr«Ji«on. E. B. Foye, Mr- Foley,
E. Collard, Mr. and Mrs. Lovett, Mr. Con way.
Ed .Mayer. Dr. McCobb, S. s# Simons, G. S.
Conrad, M. M. Silva. George C. Holder Ed B.
Swaip. Emma Swsin. From Oakland— W. W.
Church. Mr. and Mrs. Boggs, Elvira Boggs, E
32:- Mark t, William S. West, Edith Ashton. j'.
C. Purkirw», .Mr. -and Mrs. Dftles, Mr. and Mrs.
Grns«i. J. P. Corlx-tt, James Stokes. Dr. Yatps.
From Alam<>da— Joe Fandap, O. Wacner,* W.
S. Barber. Mr*. C. ilavan, Mr. and Mrs. Glb
lln, R. S. Talcott. .
AT CAMP VACATION— Arinle DeminK. H.
Hauch. wife and family; Mrs:" E. F. Clark.
Miss Florence Spencer, Dr. William F. Barbat.
Mrs. William ! F. Barbat, Mifs Eulalia Kane.
J. B. Clifford. Mi»s Anita Merankl, Miss Cor
nelia J.' Stanley, Mrs. F. H. Griffin. Hart
Wood. II. Albert de Wit, W.-'P. Turner, Mrs.
W. P. Turner. W. P.- Turner Jr., Jessie Tur
ner, Dewey Maine Turner. Julia T. Turner,
John Benson. W. H. Cunningham, L. Wagner,
K. Uunstall, S. H. Greenburgr, Auburn Crosby.
Mr*. E. L. Houch. Henry Hilp and wife, Mies
I. L. Downins, M. K. Seralllan and wife,
L. A. RaleUh, WSlIiam Crouch, A. E. Shera,
J. W. Barney, Miss L. B. Whltehead. Mrs. M.
C. Thompson, Thomas Howard and wife. Fred
J. Trlat and wife and two children. Mr. and
Mrs. F. A. Ring, Jack McClelland, M4ss Bessie
Von Anda. Robert J. Graham, Mlas Genevleve
Smith. H. W. Costerwaithe, F. E. Jenkins and
wife. J. W. Barrows, L. W. Hawkins and
wife, E. E. Knepncr, Henry C. Grelr, K. T.
Belcher, EL II. Skinner. James T.' Preston, G.
Dudley ICienelff. Newell . Vanderbllt, \V. H.
Dow and wife, -Andrew J. Kirk.
cey. ' Mr». Nancey, • Newman, Cal.; Mrs. I*. I>.
Smith, baby and nurse, Stockton: -Charles C.
Zachariaa, New York; D. J. "Miller. Stockton;
H. H. McConnlck, Pacific Grove; Mrs. George
W. Sweeney, Los Angeles: Ed L»elp and wlie,
Philadelphia: Mr. and Mrs. Robinson, San
Jose: Fred W. Gee and wife. Placervllle; W.
B. Thomas, Stockton; H. D. McBurney, Oak
land; T. J. Hark'ns. HollUter; S. P. Elliott,
.Stock ten; Mr. and Mrs. Robinson, A. Burke
and wife, W. A. Levison and wife, H. J. Levl
«>on, Santa Cruz; H. A. Levison, Rockford, 111.;
F. A. Hathway. A. F. Schock and wife, J. D.
Vincent, W. Wilson and wife,' W. D. Fullerton,
C. A. Neurather. MIes Neurather," Miss S.
Hathway. Miw Echoch, . Mrs. R.' E Vincent,
Mre. S. Hamilton, Ottawa. .
*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. SEPTEMBER 11. 1904.
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS
Love may be blind, but it knows 1
when the gas is too high. 1 . I
All women are fit subjects for dress
makers.
21
ADVLJVT1S12MII.YTS.
MME. YALE'S
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. SoSp and water only
cleanse superficially.
Kin*. Tal« ear*: A. little Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream sbonld
b« applied every time the face
and hands r.re wtiif*. It removes
the dost, sect, gririr. smut end
Cardiff « from the ia:errtlce» of
the skin uid ma£rs the surface
szaooth as velvet.
A" daily necessity at home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
outing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cutting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the elements. Prevents
and cures abnormal redness of
the nose or any part of the face.
and that purplish hue due to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chafing, cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
burns; takes the fire out more
quickly than anything else,
soothes, heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for use of infants and every mem-
ber of the household. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massage purposes. Now
in two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
Blossom Complexion Cream is
now sold in two sizes by
OWLDRUGCO.
(Both Stores)
11 28 Market Street
80-82 Geary Street
At special price of 40c and 80c
ADVEirriSKMEXTS. -_-,_-_-u ¦,_¦_-_-.
THE WHITE HOUSE
Bed Spreads
50 CASES of various qualities in Satin and
Marseilles Bed Spreads purchased at less than
cost of production. While they last our special
prices will be as follows:
Marseilles Spreads
Satin finish, in b?autiful patterns, size $|^>(
11-4, worth $1.75 \.&*J
Marseilles Spreads
Superior quality, in handsome new de- $1 Q C
signs/ size li-4, worth $2 50 JU^%>
Marseilles Spreads
Size 12-4, extra fine satin finish $^ Q C
&•**}
11 SEE WINDOW DISPLAY 11
Cor.Post s Kearny 5t3a \
NE^yTtlAN^LEViySOy. -
Silk Gloves <F* tJ New Canvas
Just' Received V\\ W * .« CUSHION TOPS
> black and aii Kearny and Sutler Sts. C^C^j^^ i'SSSiiiit
TS* $1.00 Pair Storm Opens 8.3O A.M.. Close* 3.3O P. M. 35c
Msiil Order II Our handsomely Illustrated Catalogue, with latest Fall and Winter Styles, is now ready.
Patrons I) Send*us your Name and Address and we will mail you a copy post-paid
A Magnificent Opening Display and Sale, To-morrow, of
Ladies' Handsome Waists for Fall
. (Third Floor Kearny St.)
Everything new and pretty in Waists can be found in our Autumn and Winter showing. We
don't think we've ever shown handsomer, styles — but come and view them, and pass judgment
upon them yourself. Prices are t not exorbitant, they.are moderate, thus emphasizing this store's
policy of selling High-Grade Waists at exceptionally reasonable prices:
• 'New. Waists of Nuns' Veiling, prettily trimmed with New Alpaca Waists, in white and mode, handsomely em-
clusters of tucks and faggoting, colors navyt broidered in silk, finely made with full front ~-l
blue, brown and white, exceptional value at «P^«<^ and'newest style sleeves, special at ipO.OU
New Waists of Scotch Flannel, in neatest of blue and Handsome Etamine Waists, in white, green and navy-
black stripes on white ground,' whitecashmere a-2 gfv blue, exquisitely trimmed with colored silk ej> nn
collar with fancy buttons, new sleeves; each »|O.3U . medallions, double box-pleat front, each
Ladies' Neckwear in Charming Variety
tv • .' (First Floor Kearny St.)
•' l z* ' "No such exhibit of Novelties has ever appeared fn bur Ladies' Neckwear Department. There
8 Lace, Beaded and Braided Stocks, Hand-Embroidered Collar and Cuff Sets, Silk and Em-
ibroidered Turnover Collars,. Accordion Plated Bows and Crepe de Chine Ties — in an immense
% variety of new styles arid colorings. Monday we offer special :
Point de Gaze Lace Stocks with Tabs 75c, 90c and $ 1 .00 Each
•' Point de Gaze Lace Collars, entirely new |3.00, $3.25 and $6.75 Each
Black Dress Goods — Newest Weaves
(First Floor Kearny St.)
A grand display of exquisite fabrics awaits you here to-morrow. The latest productions from
the best Black Goods manufacturers in the world. Among- them are the choicest weaves in Voiles,
Etamines, Crepe de Paris, Poplins, Crepons, Matelasse, etc. For to-morrow we offer as specials: /
.;>¦¦¦¦; 46-inch Etamine Voiles, real value $1.25 yard, at $1.00
46-inch Crepe de Paris, real value $2.0Q yard, at $1.50
; 46-inch Chiffon de Poplin, real value $2.50 yard, at $2.00
An Unusual Sale of s|£ An Exceptional Sale of
Real Renaissance Lace Squares Gun Metal PenGils •
(Second Floor Kearny St.) ? (First FlooT Satter st . }
qusite _ art. novelty-many -are m p >f"^e r g» some in £ un , , th three F gilt tips for different color
battenbers and antique lace, others in handsome drawn f ead$f whkh sHde |nt0 barre| * hen Iosed . , f bought , n
WOr^ P^ *i1?J «* ** * *«^ c u the regular way they could not be sold for less cn< ,
$4.00, $4.25, $5.00, $5.50 to $9.00 Each than $i.oo each— Sale price to-morrow 5UC
; Important Lace Curtain News
Six Stirring Items— At Specially Interesting Prices To-morrow
(Second Floor Sutter Street) j
Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Arabian' Lace Curtains, with plain net
ecru, 3 yards long, new designs, ecru, new double border effects, . centers and richly corded tor-,
exceptionally good value, per pair 90C 3 # yds. long; worth $2.25, at..$l»<5 ders; real value $3.00 pair, at.. $2.50
Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Arabian Lace Curtains, with cable net Arabian Lace Curtains, fine quality,
ecru, plain centers with floral plain centers and handsome an- double borders, plain net centers,
borders; worth $2.00 pair, at. . .$1.50 tique borders; worth $2- 50 pr., at $2.00 3^ yds. long; worth $4.25, at. .$3.50
Ladies' and Children's Fall Underwear
* ¦ ¦ „ • (Main Aisle Kearny Street)
Our stoc"k of Knitted Underwear is now at its best. We have Vests, Drawers, Tights and Com-
bination Suits "for Ladies and Children — the products of leading foreign and domestic mills. We
know how every garment is made, fits and wears — have sold them for years — and you may select
' with entire confidence. . '
Ladies' fine cotton ribbed Vests, in high Ladies' ribbed Merino Union Suits.high Children's ribbed Merino Vests and
neck with long sleeves, white neck with long sleeves, white Pants, white amd natural, abso-
only, Tights to match; each..... 50C and natural color, per suit $1.75 lutely unshrinkable, all sizes, each 85C
Ladies' ribbed Merino Vests, high neck Ladies' all-wool Union Suits, heavy Children's ribbed Merino Union Suits,
with lone sleeves, in white and weight, in high neck with long In white and natural, unshrink-
natural, Pants to match; each. .$1.50 sleeves, natural color, per suit.. $4oO able, sizes 2to 15 years, per suit $1.75
\ Beginning Monday,
J "^^^fll-^^' at Sa° Francisco's
V^^f§g|jfl7 'W Fashion Center.
Ill I r^Hlr a^ es ' Costumes •
i/ol f H Goats, Dresses
J//o|. Imported Lingerie
I^^^CtOAKANDFURCO.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
$4. in
Black I pair
20QPOSTST.
Corner Grant Ave, rf^i
Edison Gold Moulded Records
' "- ¦ - -r- • ¦
¦ ¦¦¦ Bedueed ; i j^^^. . Eaoh .
- PETER; BACIGAtUPIv
Edison Fh noftraphAflency i ": ;
786 MISSION ST., «anl=rancl»co
Open : Saturday Svnlnsrs. ;
and Queen Alexandra took an ' especialDAUGHTER OF, THE HOUSE- OP HERTP ORD WHO HAS BECOME" THE BRIDE I
OF MAJOR HUGH CARLETON. LORD. YARMOUTH. HER" BROTHER. RE
CENTLY MARRIED ; MISS ALICE TH AW. A PITTSBURG HEIRESS. I
SOME MERRIMENT FOR THOSE THAT SEEK IT
Now that, the Statue of Liberty in New York harbor is to be
giveji a general overhauling the suggestion comes from the ladies
that the goddess he given a straight; front waist and thus brought
land. The disputants were a prominent
New Yorker and" a well- known British
statesman, whose reputation" for laconic
reparte is : international.*. ; : .' ¦-;..;
•"My ; . ntry," shouted tne Yankee,
"knows no East, no West, no ¦ North! ' ; no
South!" V
"Aw,'indeed? What a blawstedly ig
norant country! " drawled , the English
mcT.—St. -Louis -Republic. . ' ,
Earning and Gettinflf."
"It * was only five years ;• ago ' that i I
started in with our firm at $5 a .week,"
said Bragg, "and now I earn $50 a week
without any; trouble." \
•"That's so. It's easy to earn that,"
'remarked Newltt,- "but: how' much' do
you (get ?"-7-PhlladelphIa' Press, v
v. Woman's Way!
< , Percy— Young Rapidgait '; had -,- hard
An Exception. . . >
"Remember, always," exhorted ; the
preacher, "that whatever you sow, that
also you .shall reap." ¦
"Not always,", replied Subbubs; '.'not
If j'our neighbor keeps chickens."—
Philadelphia Ledger.
Innocence.
One day as a certain schoolmaster,'
¦with aspect fierce and cane - upraised,
was about to punish "one of his pupils;
the little fellow said, quite' innocently,
and doubtless with - some vague" recol
lection of a visit to the dentist, "Please,
sir, may— may I have gas?"— Pittsburg
Bulletin.
Snre Test.
Miles Standish was figuring • out how
he stood with rPrtBclUa. : >&BfemBffiHg
, "I guess I'm ace high,", he reflected^
"because I that she doesn't take
me around* and .introduce -me "to the
other girls."— Cleveland Leader.
. : : " A'ComparlsonI '
s ; Mrs. Hatterson— Wasn't your room In
a terrible condition after, the burglars
left?- : ,- - .", a ' l . ¦ ••-. ¦ , ¦ . ¦ .
2VIrs..Catterson— Yes.-It couldn't have
been any. worse IX it had been ; through
the Custom House/ '
Told by Depew. t
. , Senator ; DepewJ "occasionally., 'delves
Into ths capacious and; well nlied^sub
way of his memory and brings to light
something new in the jv"ay;'of "an anec
dote. While returning" fromabroad; on
his latest ' trip^-whlch; he "say s,* he hopes
will not • by £ any means be$ his] last
he overheard ' a heated dispute ; as to the
merits of 'America 1 and Eri»-
Mnsic at the Park To-Day.
The following programme will be
rendered at Golden Gate Park to-day:
PART 1.
March. "With Banners Unfarted~..Kr«Uehiner
OYertur*. "Mlrella" Goonod
¦Waltz. VBenvUle" MlUocker
Solo for cornet, concert polka. "La Sulaa«"
••••••'•i'-'il- - % Llberatl
D. C. Rosebrook.
Selection. "When Johnny Comes March
ing Horns" Edward.
PART H.
Overture. "William Tell" ..Roeainl
<a) Sobs, "Grand Order . of the Earth"
..'..............•••••....'...... Lucy Tiong
<b> March. "Star of Destiny" <br request)
Paraphrase on Schubert" • "Serenade"**.".".. Horn
"Scenes. Ptttoresqtte" :....;.... Massan-c
Grand •election. "Alda" Verdi
' "America,"
-.'¦¦.• ¦ ¦ . ¦
Townaend's California Glace fralts 1b
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market at.*
Special Information supplied daily t»
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;. 230 Cai«
IXornia street, Teiej fcoa* iiaia 194J, •
luck. He was disinherited recently.
Harold— Cut off with a dollar, eh?
Percy— No; his mother did the disin
heriting. He was cut 'off with 93 cents.
—Houston* Chronicle.
' Misled.
"Ah. so you've got an automobile,
eh?"
"No, Indeed! My wife's been clean
ing my clothes with gasoline, that's
all!"— Indianapolis Sentinel.
Originality.
Be careful about your originality.
Counting 2 and 2 as 5 is original, but It
1?. apt to be unappreciated.— Chicago
Tribune.
Inconvenient.
" Ethel,— .Mamma, don't, you think
death is a very awkward' way of go
ing, to heaven?— Life.
THE YOUNGEST — J. C. F- City.
As this department has not a roster of
the ages of those who are "Thirty-sec
ond degree Masons, Knights Templar
and Mystic Shriners In the United
States," It Is Impossible to name who
Is the youngest Should some one set
up the claim this department 'would
not publish his name, for the reason
that from every section of the country
would come claims to controvert the
assertion. It would be the same' as
to who Is the oldest Mason and the
oldest Odd Fellow.
TT seems that some of the officials at the Immigration Bureau in
I Washington have lately voiced their alarm at the imminence of
an utter extinction of the American of simon-pure stock. Reports
quote them as making the declaration that in New England espe
cially the influx of foreigners and race suicide among the old fam
ilies have combined to make the homely names of Smith, Adams and
Green memories only. Soon we will look upon the last remnant of
the Puritan race with the touching sympathy we now bestow upon
the unwashed Indian, whose toes are crimped over the western edge
of the continent that was once his.
Whether this plaintive note arises through the baneful influence
of the dog days in Washington or is merely indicative of a dis
ordered digestion, the press dispatches say. not; only that the good
old squire up Woonsocket way who used to buy three cents' worth
of fishhooks and two pennorth of rum at the Corners has passed
His haunts are now become the rendezvous of the Slovak and the
Hun. Vacant is his favorite soap box at Hank Peters' general
store, empty the brownstonc jug with the corncob stopple.
Impossible of conception is the effect, manifold in its influences
that must arise from the passing of Squire Dogberry. In the realm
of art alone the revolution will be sweeping. Imagine having to pro
vide future generations of playgoers with a handbook to elucidate the
intricacies of "Way Down East" and "The, Old Homestead." Con
sider the archaic niche "David Harum" and "Eben Holden" will
occupy in the coming temple of letters. In our museums the patch
work quilt and the rag carpet will share the same glass case with the
cowhide boot and the home-made suspenders— sad relics of the Ar
cadian age that is gone.
A NEW ENGLAND WAIL.
his . life >n , the scaffold in 1549. * V; - /w
; On the j death of the' seventh Duke,
In 1750, § a . curious peerage, case, arose,
the title being claimed -by descendants
of the. first Duke .by his first marriage;
and the • Attorney General having re
ported" in. favor' of the claim,' Sir'Ed
ward Seymour took '-. his «seat . in the
House " of Lords; as eighth Duke. The
Earldom of j Hertford j was . at the same
time conferred on ; this eighth Duke's
first cousin, Francis, ; who- thirteen
years 'later was made" a Marqula.; The
second; Marquis .a: great heir
ess. '.* and - the \ wif e of , the ; . third also
brought a'^vast deal*of money; into the
family; It was'thls third: Marquis who
became famous through ¦' Thackeray's
"portrait of him as the Marquis of
Steyn.
The fourth Marquis was an eccentric
character/and neither -before nor after
his accession to the title did he /show
any j interest in public affairs. But tie
conceived- a great ambition to became
a Knight of the Garter. ; - Sir ' Robert
Peel, when Prime Minister, told him
that tie could not recommend the Queen
to give that distinction to a nobleman
who so persistently resided out, of the
country." • -
/.'Your Lordship," said the. Minister,
'jhas *. great estates . In . Ireland, ; where
at the present time it is especially to
BRYANT'S MINSTRELS — N. N.,
City. In order to answer the question
as to whether Bryant's Minstrels were
at one number or another cm Broadway,
New York, this department would havo
to know the year which the questioner
wishes to know about, "as this depart
ment has not the time to hunt up the
record since Dan Bryant opened his
Minstrel Hall In 1S6S in the Tammany
Hall building on the north Bide of
Fourteenth street, near Third avenue,
down to the time he went out of busi
ness.
REDUCING — A Subscriber. Selma.
Cal. In order to reduce lower limbs to
their normal ' condition by exercise
place yourself under the care of a pro
fessional trainer, who will determine
the proper exercise to be taken.
TO BLANCH ALMONDS — A. O. 3..
City. To blanch almonds throw them,
when shelled, in boiling water, just
long enough to allow the skin to be
come detached from the almond, then
remove the skin.
Answers.
AFTER careful investigations of a year's duration a committee
of experts from the Chicago School Board has reported that
of all the school children in that city one in three is afllicted
with some disorder of the nerves. To account for this alarming lack
of health among the city's young folk the committee assigns as
causes the incessant noises of a great metropolis, the lack of pure
air and the general strain attendant upon the unnatural conditions of
city life.
These findings of the Chicago authorities emphasize the gravity
of a question that has forced itself on the attention of thinkers in
recent years. It has been maintained that the influences of city life
so far disturb the normal scheme of living as, to have direct effect
upon the mentality and bodily health of the second generation of
urban dwellers. It has been agreed among students of social eco
nomics that unless a distinct modification of type comes to aller
viate the strain of the intense life in cities, great harm must result,
not only for the especial class directly affected, but in reflected
measure for the race.
Of all the curative measures adopted by far-sighted humanists
for the relief of this city strain the New York idea of roof play
grcuhds for schools seems the most practical and the one givin^
promise of best results. There, in many of the downtown schools
where the congested condition of the tenement quarter allows of no
breathing space for children, a roof cage, equipped with every fa
cility for athletic games, gives place for all pupils to indulge in exer
cise denied them by home surroundings. This scheme, with the
supplementary aid of the children's playground, has already done
much in the direction of making healthy "the life of the city child.
THE CITY STRAIN ON CHILDREN.
Lady Jane has a cousin who bears
the same name. She Is the j youthful
daughter of the Rev. Lord Victor Sey
mour, a South Kensington vicar, who
was born the fourth son of the late
Marquis. It may thus be anticipated
that yet another register will see the
bridal signature of an always historic
name.
And thus It comes about that while
In Ragley House the present Marquis
of Hertford possesses what Is emphat
ically . one of the "stately homes of
England," his Income Is entirely inade
quate to its proper maintenance. It
was this impoverishment of the family"
exchequer which drove his heir, Lord
Yarmouth— Lady Jane's brother — to
America for a bride. There It will be
remembered he * married Miss Alice
Thaw of Pittsburg.
To Ireland he went and "did the
popular," and in due time was reward
ed with the coveted garter. It Is said
that on the occasion of his visit to
Ireland he went out riding in the
neighborhood of Lisburne, and on
reaching the top of a hill his com
panion said to him, "Now, my Lord,
as far as you can see all is your own."
To which Lord Hertford replied, "Well,
I see it for the first time, and I hope
I shall never see it again." Nor v did
he.
By the law of entail. his English es
tates of Ragley and Sudburne passed
to his cousin, and intimate personal
friend of the Prince Consort. But he
had taken a great dislike to all of his
relatives and left them nothing that
he could help. He is credited with
having said that his chief regret at
dying was that It would prevent him
seeing their faces when his will was
read. The fifth Marquis of Hertford
seems to have been animated by some
what similar feelings toward his rela
tives, for he left all that he could con
trol by will to his friend, Richard Wal
lace, who was subsequently created a
Baronet.
be desired that owners of estates
should associate themselves with the
people. You might pay them a visit."
¦ ONDON, Aug. 20.— Apart from Its
I social Importance the marriage
L which has Just taken place be-
Lady Jane Seymour, young
est daughter of the Marquis and
Marchioness of Hertford, and Major
Hugh Dudley Carleton, is of unusual
interest because of the historic memo
ries that are associated with the name
of the bride and the romantic history
of her family.
She is the third of her family to take
that font name to the altar. The first
was "the right noble, virtuous and ex
cellent lady, of convenient years and
excellent beauty" who, in 1536, became
the wife of that much married mon
arch. King Henry VIIL The day after
the marriage took place another of his
wives, the ill-fated Anne Boleyn; was
executed* in the Tower. Jane Seymour
was the only one of the six -for whom
he is to have entertained any real
affection and respect. She did not live
loni; enough to, give him time to out
grow it, dying the year following her
marriage and twelve days after the
birth of her son, who subsequently be
came King Edward VL Only once
did she sicra her name as "Jane the
Queen." That was on the day of her
son's birth, when the . customary an
nouncement was made to the Privy
Council. King Henry VIII paid her
the compliment of donning 'mourning
for her, a. tribute -which he did' not pay
to the memory of any of the- other
four whom he survived. Afterhls
death he shared the same grave, with
her in St. George's Chapel.- .'
This Lady Jane's marriage was the
making of her family./ Her eldest
brother, Edward, was successively cre
ated Viscount Beauchamp,- Earl of
Hertford and Duke of Somerset,' and
as Protector played a leading part in
the first half of the reign of Edward
VI. Another brother, , Thomas, was
created Lord Seymour of Sudeley, and
became Lord High Admiral- pt \ Eng
land. He married King Henry .VIII's
widow, Catherine Parr, but terminated
Special Correspondence.
Family Has
Had Interest
ing History.
First Lady Jane
Wife of Henry
the Eighth.
HISTORIC MEMORIES RECALLED BY
MARRIAGE OF LADY JANE SEYMOUR
(COPYRIGHT, 1904. BT SPECIAL ARRANG EMEKT WITH THE SdX FRANCISCO CALL AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.)
WE publish the letter of Mr. Sterling on the use of fire in
forest preservation with pleasure, as expressing the views
of a trained and able and scientific forester. * The con
servative use of fire to prevent its destructive effects is a question
that reasonably has two sides. The renewal of the forests, to make
them permanently potential in all their varied uses as the providers
of lumber and timber and conservators of moisture, is the decisive
element in the controversy. Our forests came to us from the
Indian?, who made use of fire, conservatively, to clear the forest
floor. But the' evidence is not complete, that . thehy use of that
sgent prevented renewal, since the forests, as we received th.em
from the aborigines, had trees of all kinds and all ages and stages
of growth. It is settled at the outset that if fire, used to prevent
the spread of destructive forest conflagrations, is found to prevent
a renewal, and that effect cannot be provided against, then fire
should be excluded. But when that is done have we made s'ecure
the reproduction of the forests, and especially of the coniferous
trees ?
Mr. Sterling refers to the clearing of the floor of the Mariposa
grove of big trees. It is true that it is a pleasure forest and may
be treated differently from a commercial forest whose permanency
is desirable. But what appeared in the Mariposa grove may prop
erly apply to commercial forests of coniferous trees. For thirty
years the duff had accumulated on the floor of that big tree grove.
The annual fall of needles and of the deciduous trees and under
scrub had made a covering in many places several feet in depth.
It was a dangerous conveyor of fire, as was discovered in i88q.
The fire would run tinder this duff for hundreds of feet. It was
almost like a layer of pitch and tinder. The commission in charge
of the grove, after that experience, cleared and burned the duff
tinder all the big trees and from most of the whole reservation.
Then appeared the agency of the duff in preventing reproduction
as effectually as an annual fire can do it.
There had long been raised the lamentations of botanists and
<r!endro!ogists that the big trees had lost the power of reproduction.
True, they bore cones and these had seeds, but there were no
young trees springing from the germs. But within a few years
after the doff was cleared and burned and the ground exposed
thereby, under every cone bearing big tree' there. were thousands
of young trees sprouted from the seed. It then appeared that
Tir.jcss the seeds of forest trees reach the ground they do iiot
sprout, and if they fall in a thick coating of the dry duff they fail
to germinate.
From this it may well be argued that in California, where we
have the definite wet and dry seasons, unless by some means the
forest floor is cleared and the tree seeds permitted to reach the
ground there will be no reproduction of forests, except by artificial
planting. Of course this condition is special to a country of wet
nnd long dry seasons, where the decay of the duff into leaf mold is
slow and does not affect the top of the mass which prevents
the contact of the seed with its natural matrix.
We remain of the conviction that our forests will always be
exposed to destructive fires unless some means be taken to clear
the floor at a proper season. Here the office of the forest floor of
fallen leaves is fulfilled when the rains have ceased for- a time.
The duff has held the moisture for slow percolation into the soil
and has restrained evaporation. Its duty is done and it may be
cleared away to be succeeded by another season's deposit of the
same material to' discharge the same function.
Without pretending to any knowledge of the subject other
than that which is based on observation, we venture to suggest that
there may be reasons why forests in a climate like this should be
treated differently from those in a country of continuing moisture.
It is fortunate that the country is getting a corps of trained
foresters like Mr. Sterling, whose very training makes a habit of
that open mind with which science approaches all of the problems
of nature
FOREST PRESERVATION.
The great commercial forests of th?
State cannot possibly be held as mere
parks, but must be exploited, though if
possible with a view of continuous
yield, and this Is possible only by keep-
Ing out the fires which destroy the re
production.
I shall be very glad to give you mat
ter for publication on the work we are
doing In the forests of the State, and
you can do much to swing public" senti
ment in the right direction, but I hard
ly think It fair to advocate methods
whfch professional foresters universally
agree are very harmful to the best
present and future Interests of the
State forests. E. A. STERLING.
Young growth for at least the- first
ten years of its existence will be de
stroyed by even the lightest ground
flre. For one result of the old Indian
practice look at the great burns in the
bases of many of the finest sugar and
yellow pines and at the great areas of
chaparral around Lake Tahoe. in the
Shasta country and through the higher
Sierras generally. True, the Indian left
us the forests, but how much finer they
would have been if not thinned, scarred
and broken by the Indians* fires.
• Professional foresters, neither in this
country or abroad, have never advocated
burning the virgin forest or the thick
ets of young growth, but. on the con
trary, have found such fires the great
est bar to scientific forest management.
The only burning advisable is In
clearing up the debris left after lum
bering. Fire is not used at all In the
European forests save In the most lim
ited way in burning brush, which te
carefully piled. Instead a patrol sys
tem, backed by telephones and a more
favorable public sentiment, such as we
are trying to get here, is used In pre
venting fire.
The case of the Mariposa big tree
grove cited Is quite apart from general
forest flre protection. It Is not an eco
nomic problem in that case, but purely
sentimental, and the aim merely pro
tection of a wonderful grove. There is
no need or desire for reproduction
there, and the area Is small enough
so that it is practicable to use fire in
clearing up the ground. It Is, in short,
a "luxury forest." 4'h ile the main prob
lem Is with the "commercial forest.**
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE. BUREAU OP
FORESTRY. SACRAMENTO. Sept. 2.
1904.— Editor The Call: I noticed In this
morning's Issue of The Call your edito
rial on forest preservation, which I In
fer was Inspired by my letter jn answer
to Mr. Ostrander's suggestions for fire
protection published August 29.
Nothing: la farther from my desire
than to seem prejudiced or antagonistic
In any way. but I do want to call your
attention to the Injury which may re
sult from such a general burning of
the forests as you suggest.
I will preface by way of explanation
by saying that I graduated from a for
estry college In this country and have
studied the subject extensively abroad,
and speak not as a woodsman or ama
teur. Moreover. I have been officially
engaged In studying the fire problem In
California for about a year, and have
traveled through all of the forested re
gions of the State.
To elaborate on the technical objec
tions to the Indian practice of firing
the woods Is uncalled for here. In brief
the results of such a plan would be: (1)
Destruction of all reproduction and a
gradual thinning of the forest by the
repeated burning out of the large trees
at the base: (2) disappearance of the
humus and litter, which is needed to
conserve moisture and enrich the soil;
(3) exposure of the mineral soil to
leaching and evasion: (4) ascendancy
of worthless brush over large areas
now under forest cover.
Forestry Expert
Objects to Ways
of the Indians
ALL KINDS OF ADVICE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKJEXS ......... ,u ... Proprietor
ADDRESS AtX. COMMUNICATIONS TO • "a, <V -•
JOIDf McVArGHT Manager
r "PLICATION OFFICE .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BA2i FRANCISCO
SUNDAY ...SEPTEMBER 11. 1904
22that false methods ha\;e bred a large
amount of hypocrisy."
known as the "Subway Tavern." is
located at the junction of Bleecker and
Mulberry streets, in New York City,
and is intended to be a clean and
wholesome place, where a man who
drinks will feel impelled to drink lit
tle rather than much: where the
brinks wiil be the best of their kind
;;t moderate price.^and where every
influence will discourage drunkenness.
Hishop Potter dedicated the place by
miking an address and leading the
audience in singing. "Praise God From
Whom All Blessings Flow." He de
dared in the course of his address
that the opening of the tavern was
"in many respects the greatest sodal
movement that New York has ever
known." "In this New York, for
which you are responsible, as I am,
we find a multitude trained in va
rious ways. Especially to be con
sidered is the multitude of men who
toil. What is to become of them?
When I am. through with m,y work
and have no other place to go, I
can drop into one of mv clubs. But
The man who lives in two rooms with
a wife and five children, where is
he to turn? By inevitable necessity
to the saloon. Are vou going to
make the conditions of the saloon so
excruciatingly bad that the man
cannot go without losing his self
respect? If you do you are going to
make it so it must drag him into the
mud. The temperance question is as
far from solution now as it was
twenty years ago. with the addition
TllERF. has been a good dea!
written and spoken in press
and pulpit as to the wisdom
or unwisdom of Bishop Pot
ter's action a few weeks ago in open
ing a saloon. This new resort.
THE SALOON AND THE BISHOP
BY THE REV. BRADFORD LEAVITT, Pastor First Unitarian Church
forcement . of the liquor law. Mrs.
Nation deplored the Cardinal's opin
ions, and assured, him that "he is
speaking the message of the devil — it
came straight from hell." The Car
dinal sees as .clearly as Mrs. Nation
the evil that Vum * jes in the world,
and is as anxious -3 she. to diminish
it. Probably. Archbishop Ireland
holds much the same ooinion as
.Cardinal Gibbons, for he has spoken
in defense of, the army canteen; but
Mrs. Nation and her kind belong to
that considerable numbei; of zealous,
well-intentioned people who hold that
their 'way to cure the evils of intem
perance is the only way and that way.
is to abolish alcohol, altogether be
cause it is always, everywhere of the
devil. It. would be exceedingly comic
if it were not so serious and sad to
see these devoted reformers assailing
with Jheir might those very men who
are as earnest as they in tne same
cause of temperance; who see as well
as they* the abuses of drinking, but
who 'do not believe the way to cure
the drink evil is by prohibition or by
intemperate assertions that are not
based ; on truth.
President Eliot of Harvard has
come 'in for his share of condemna
tion. He has repeatedly asserted
that the attempt tp teach total ab
stinence in the public schools of the
country has been an injury to the
teachings of science and an injury to
morality, because ideas concerning
the effect of alcohol upon the body
have been taught as undoubted facts,
clearly proven, disputed by nobody,
which assumed facts, to say the least.
are. very questionable, are frequently
questioned and are seriously disputed
by other physiologists and physicians,
violent, - ,-harangue .; ajraiqstV Cardinal
GrjtjKbnS'.and his ideas of .temperance.
The Cardinal advocated 'high license,
strict limitation of saloons and en-
A Large Percentage of California Graduates Now in Active. Servi.ee.
NORMAL SCHOOL MAKES THE SUCCESSFUL TEACHER
THE REIGN OF THE NEW WOMAN COMES TO AN END
By Kate Thyson Marr
The Los Angeles_Normal_was • or^
ganlzed twenty years later than the
San Jose school, in 1882. This met a
great want of the southern portion of
the State, and its^influence on the pub
lic school system ;-* has been corre
spondingly large.. The school grounds
afford a view pf "the city
of,iLog Aoffeles;',! Of, X the /admission
standard; arid of studyrit may
beisaid. in general that they. are large
ly upon the basis of the San Jose.In
stitution. Physical culture in the
gymnasium has long been a favorite
feature of the curriculum. At present
this school has the. only State depart
ment for the training, of kindergarten
teacher^.;. A. course -in domestic; sci
ence, and', a'rt, is In operation. It is re
markable;that 9S per cent of the 1500
graduates have taught!. Jesse F. Mllls
paugh," a former noted educator of
Minnesota, assumes the presidency of
tory, ' science and . the discussion of
modern educational studies and prob
lems. Manual training, drawing and
music receive due attention. " The 11
brafy has 8,000 volumes. Not long ago
the standard of admission was -so
raised .as to require the applicant to
possess a high school education or its
equivalent. A summer school has
been maintained for - two years with
Increasing success. . Morris E. Dalley
is the president.' . /
An indispensable department In all
normal schools is what Is known as a
training school. It is composed of
children ,of all grades. from the first
to the' ninth. They are taught by the
student teachers of the normal de
partment, whose work is constantly
under, the close supervision of the fac
ulty. The new and Interesting meth
ods employed, combined with the
thoroughness of the joint teaching,
have given these training schools such
high rank as to make them popular
among discriminating parents. To the
student teacher this experience is of
the utmost importance, enabling her
to discover and correct mistakes un
der the counsel of able supervisors, to
gain knowledge of child life and to
accurately measure'.' her. own., powers
before assuming permanent charge of
a school. The underlying' idea of this
work is that "practice makes perfect.",
, In point of age the San f Jose . Nor
mal is the mpther of all, having been
organized In San Francisco in\'1863
and removed to San Jose in' 1871. Its
record for thirty-six years .-is closely
Interwoven with the «ducajional, de
velopment of the State,; (or /-In every
one pf its" counties .some; ofathe 3500
graduates have become a", part- of, its
being and strong factors, iriritsf social
life. The course' of study, is '¦". broad,
covering English, mathematics, his-
dice and suspicion and in many cases
persistent opposition. Steadily, year
by year, the schools won their way to
popular favor and support till at the
present time they are maintained in
nearly every portion of the ynited
States, not excepting Porto Rico and
the Philippines, where at Rio Piedras
and Manila, respectively, strong work
Is being accomplished in the training
of native teachers. Every State save
two j has established normal schools
and "in these two teachers are taught
in - the State colleges. Including the
private Institutions there are now
nearly 300 normal schools in the
country.
California maintains five normal
schools. These have been placed In
locations throughout the State where
they will be the most accessible to
their attending students. Tuition ia
free and the only school expenses are
a few of nominal amount. Applicants
for admission are required to sign a
declaration that his or her purpose is
to secure preparation for teaching
with the Intention to teach in the
public schools of California. The total
annual appropriations by the State for
the five schools exceeds $200,000. The
whole number of graduates from
these five schools since their founding
at different periods is nearly 6000,. of
which a large percentage is in active
service.
IF the hope of the nation is in its
public schools, it is of supreme im
jjurtance that their teachers should
be thoroughly trained. No State
i an afford to allow its teachers to
."cqrtire their knowledge of the art of
teaching by painfully slow progress
rlong the path of experience. They
thould enter ur>on their duties only
jifter thorough preparation. In the
three score years just passed no
r.gency has been found so effective for
this purpose as the normal school.
The f.rrt normal school in the
United States for the sj-stematic in
struction of teachers was established
in Lexington, Mass., in 1839. Intense
opposition was shown toward this
innovation in school life, for it was
Ftoutly contended by many of the wise
ones of that day that "good teachers
¦were born and not made." Through
the influence of Horace Mann and
other leading educators a gift of $10.-
OC0 was secured from a private source
upon the condition that the State of
Massachusetts should appropriate an
e'jual sum.
This . was done, the school was
opened and was followed by two
other normals in the same State. The
hostility encountered in the first agi
tation of the project for special educa
tion of teachers continued for some
years and the early graduates of the
three schools everywhere faced preju-
the presidents of all the normals and a
few others. It is gratifying to record
an Increasing tendency to hearty co
operation among these authorities.
Locally the schools must differ with
the diverse environments. Broadly they
may unite in measures for the highest
interests of the State as a whole.
Among other subjects discussed with
t* /ughtful attention in late years no
one has received more care than the
determination of the standards of ad
mission to the several schools.
There is ample reason for congrratu
latlon that the old days when formal
and mechanical methods of Instruction
were esteemed are passing away.. It is
alreadv recognized in the teaching
world that a real teacher must pos
sess three elements of power. He or
she must have a certain personality,
difficult Indeed to describe, but r" im
perative consequence. Broad scholar
ship may be mentioned as & second
requisite, -jupplementlnr- these two
and without which the highest power
cannot soon be realized is a thorough
training instruction In the art of teach
ing.
This then is the special, the particu
lar function of the coming normal
school, to thoroughly prepare Its stu
dents for one of the noblest professions
in the world.
this school at the fall opening. »
In 1887 the Legislature established
a normal at Chico, upon whose build
ings: $130,000 have been expended. C.
C. Van Llew has been Its president for
five years. As the northern section of
California has but few high schools,
students are admitted at this school
by diploma from the ninth grade. At
tractive grounds, a fine museum and
excellent library are among the ex
cellent appointments. Nearly 600 stu
dents have graduated.
At the extreme southern end of Cali
fornia a normal school was created in
1897. A tract of sixteen acres overlook-
Ing the bay of San Diego was given
by the citizens of that city and upon
this a building of marked architectural
effect was erected for $100,000. - The en
rollment of students was surprisingly
large, having soon reached 262. One of
the novelties connected with this schc-ol
Is a rowing association having several
rowing crews with young lady cap
tains, rowing . an eight-oared barge,
¦who * practice almost daily on the
smpoth waters of the bay. Samuel T.
Black, ex-State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, has been the president
since the organization.
The', most recent of all the five nor
mals is the San Francisco one. organ
ized in 1899, with Frederick Burk as
president This school sharply diff er-
entiates the other four in its studies.
No academic work is given, the aim
of the management being .to concen
trate the energies of. the faculty upon
the best possible professional train
ing. .
Its training department is under the
charge of experienced supervisors and
is highly esteemed by the families of
San Francisco from which come the
grade scholars. None of the 131 grad
uates of the normal school have failed
of positions. If willing to. take them.
The school building Is old, iliabby, ill
adapted to present needs and is a re
proach to the State of California.
The organization of the normal school
system of California seems to be ad
mirably adapted to the widely varying
wants of different portions of the State.
Each normal school has a local board,
with the Governor and State Superin
tendent of Public Instruction as ex
offlcio members, which can give intelli
gent attention to its minor require
ments. Including the election of the
instructors upon nomination by the
president of the school. This secures
desirable independence to each school.
Through another board uniformity ' of
policy concerning the standards to be
observed and the general management
of the schools are obtained.
The members of this board consist
of the Governor, State Superintendent,
ally receded from the field. - **^-
The exigencies of sex are tha solu
tions of economic problems.
A man wants a woman to love him,
and a woman, despite her extravagant
whims, wants to be loved. No sans
man will ever love or marry a woman
whose brain is a freak bazaar, conse
quently, the true womanly lovabl*
woman will always be a mighty factor
in the world's economic system long
after the new woman with her fads
and fancies and all round freakish
ness has been relegated to the past.
With her aping of man's pursuits
and habits and «* ¦> cultivation of a
mannish swagger, the new woman
still lacked his strength, his resolu
tion and. above ail. his logic No
woman Is ever logical or unquestion
ingly reasonable. If she were she
would no longer be a woman, bat an
automaton. It is her caprices that
make her lovable or aggravating as
the case may be, and the more ca
pricious she may be the more will
men adore her.
The new woman could never be a
success; her overreaching proclivities
deny her the regard of women and de
fraud her of her birthright— the love
of man; and no matter how loudly
she may clamor for the prestige en-
Joyed by men she will be the object
•of ridicule rather than a shining ex
ample of self-renunciation that she
would have us consider her.
It is the womanly woman who. In
the end, will reign in undisputed sway
over the heritage of her little king'
dom. her home and the hearts of her
husband and children.
and there are precious few who have
been absolutely disinterested in tneir
overweening zeal.
The women who travel as delegates
for various organizations are often
totally unequal to earning one red
cent, 'but they have all their expenses
paid, wear swell togs, live at the best
hotels and «njoy all the luxuries of
life at the expense of their votaries,, or
dupes, as you may choose, to designate
them. The thousands and thousands
of dollars collected for the cause of
f'-male suffrage is the* potential ex
ample that trumpets its 6*wn story.
The original agitators were really the
incipient germs of the new woman.
For years' money, has been collected
from admiring enthusiasts. They have
posed conspicuously and emphatically
before the public, exploited their
views of everything and have lived
luxuriously on this kind * of gen
teel and have unflaggingly
whipped their followers into line. .
But the reaction came; the new
woman was too aggressive, she lost
her power through her own over
reaching. Her hand was always out
stretched to grasp 'everything, she
wanted to .rule ' supreme, and man in
philosophic mood let out the rope
wherewith she might hang herself.
Opposition would, have spurred her on
to even more aggressive lengths, but
the smile' of derision, tempered with
indulgence, with- which, men regarded
her flights left no incentive for war
fare and victory. And so the new
woman died of malnutrition. ' Men let
her alone, refusing to oppose.her, and
the . consequence was that she gradu-
meddlesome female aggregations are
Indigenous to' Northern soil. It is this
idea of independent or emancipated
woman that is responsible for the de
cadence of the home. The new woman
had no love for home in her* heart. She
was loud in looks and voice and man
ner, and her failure to impress or
gain a foothold is more or less ' attri
butable to her own self-assertiveness
tlfat carried her enthusiasm to such ex
tremes . as to relegate it to the realms
of absurdities.
The tailor-made costume Is one of the
triumphs, of the. century- and every
woman appreciates the cut and finish,
and It is the one glory of the new
woman fad. If she had but stopped
there, but she. wanted the whole outfit
cut on masculine lines, and the shirts
of -the progressive woman of a few
years ago were simply horrible.
It is hard to determine which is
worse, the /masculine, woman or the
effeminate man. There should be an
annex " built , to ' Hades, where they
could .both be roped in and made to
fight it out. .
',; The dash of coquetry that is inborn
in every woman wlllsave us in the
end from the aggressive encroaching
new woman. There will be always
that grain of longing for a man's ap
proval ah.d admiration, and every
woman who adopts the almost obso
lete j methods I is more or less at war
with 'herself.
There are many, women who • in the
enthusiasm of : a ;new- interest espouse
it ¦! vehemently,;, but who would be
glad to recede from the position as
sumed Vcould they do so consistently.
diploma? -Even women will not em>
ploy another woman in such a ca
pacity, because they have no confi
dence in A woman's ability.
The female doctors would , populate
a starvation bureau and have regi
ments ' to spare if they depended upon
the patronage of other women. There
seems to be but one avenue of. success
for them, which lies in the . jealousy
of many husbands, who Insist upon a
wife being attended by a woman physi
cian, and despite her protests the wife
is forced to submit, while hating the
professional services of such a one.
A woman who studies either medicine
or law to assist a father or a husband
in his profession Is worthy of all praise,
and yet many such women have proven
¦wretched j handicaps to the practice ' of
those whom they , essayed to help."
There Is something almost repulsive
in a woman adopting either calling and
this vent for surplus energy seems the
result of climatic environment.
The women of the Northern and
Eastern States trend to this outlet of
nervous force. The women of \ the
South ¦¦ are greater home lovers, and
Southern, men regard it as rather" a
reflection on their ability to support the
feminine family contingent and oppose
vigorously any departure on these, lines
by the women of their households.
..,¦ Throughout the North every woman
imagines that she has a career and
the energy- vitalized py : ' : a • cold climate
finds expression " in pursuit and avoca
tion. *
The North hibernated the freak fe
males that developed into the new
woman. The : suffragists and ; kindred
ENGLISH THE UNIVERSAL LANGUAGE OF THE FUTURE
THERE Is no Question of tn«
fact that the new woman is
doomed.
She flashed before us with
spectacular effect — ehe threatened to
drive the baby trade out of business —
and as for "mere man." there seems
but one phrase applicable to him In
her esteem and that is most aptly ex
pressed In the slang of the day — "Go
way back and sit down-"
She affected mannish togs and
thought herself the most fetching
thing that ever came down the p!ke
when she donned a Derby hat. a stiff
boiled sh'rt front and robbed her
brothers of the latest thing In four
in-hands. But. after all, "mere man"
makes the fashions for women.
No woman will wear anything
which the poor, dear, much abused
"mere man" does not admire, but let
her see the glad light of approval in
his eyes and, irrespective of her own
likes «nd dislikes, she is content. Of
rours*», some strong-minded, cnt-on
the-blas females will toss their heads
and vehemently combat this state
ment, asserting that they wear what
they rhoose. which may be very true.
but they wear it with infinitely more
pleasure after a man has approved of
it in his offhand way' and remarked,
"I like that gown," particularly If
that man happens to be — "the man."
Women may Insist that they do not
care for a man's admiration. Well,
I would not give a picayune for that
kind of woman, because when a
woman takes the pains and care to
dress and to look her best to pleast
her escort ehe pays him a compli
ment which he is a brute if he fails
to appreciate. The- man may be in
a business suit himself and mak.; his
apologies that he had not the time
to go home to dress, but if he found
the woman whom he had invited not
exactly up-to-date he would feel
wretchedly disappointed and hardly
care to invite her again. A man likes
to feel proud of a woman companion
and if she happens to have any one
gown In her wardrobe that he partic
ularly admires and in which he fan
cies she looks her best he is apt to
request her 'to don that one gown on
all occasions, always presupposing
that the friendship warrants any com
ments. If he contemplates introduc
ing her to his friends and w'shes her
to make the most favorable impres
sion then he will be very sure to make
such a request.
No man ever admired a woman
whom he found almost a reproduction
of himself. No man ever became sen
timental over a girl in a boiled shirt.
Perish the thought! The new woman
was too strong minded to stoop to
such insane folly as lovemaking. She
was a jolly good fellow with whom to
play tennis or golf or to take a hand
at the oars, and when she balanced
herself on a fence rail and smoked a
cigarette with as much aplomb as her
brother, she was the "best fellow on
earth" and the boyH liked her. '• but
later when the evening' shadows
darkened and each and every one be
came sentimental it was the girl in
the dainty laces with her coquettish
knots of ribbon who listened to the
sweet old story in the gloaming.
The woman who does not love the
dainty little adjuncts. of femininity ia
unsexed. ¦ - V v. •
The new woman was most unlovely
and unlovable. ,She was full of fads
and fancies and repulsive ideaa. and
above all she was a notoriety seeker.
She wanted to flash upon a gaping
world like a second-class pyrotechnic
display and she fell like it in spark*
with nothing left but charred remains.
She waa more or less a failure In" every
path she trod. She* wished to demon
strate that man was "a superfluity in
creation's dan and that woman alone
could control the .world's social and
economic mechanism,, and what a fiz
zle she made of it. Men would have
none of her and women failed to con
cur in her high-flown aspirations. She
flashed and rumbled like a small ex*
plosion, then died away, to * be* soon
forgotten.
She was a total. Irretrievable fail
ure. . . ;
Of course, there are exceptions, b.ut
if you will enumerate in your mind
the women who endeavored to pose
when the new woman craze swept
over the land like a desolating
cyclone you j will; find the successful
ones too far in the minority to estab
lish a precedent. , •
How many women lawyers have
made their office rent? K Ajid yet rhow
many have studied and obtained a
language upon the world. .* ••.-" •
The English-speaking people: are to
day the leaders in the world activity.
As a , result . the English ¦ language is
spoken by more, people to-day, than is
any other civilized • tongue.
• The recent ; action of Germany In giv
ing^ .the: English ; language; preference
above all "other'; foreign ~\ tongues is \ for
mal recognition of the* fact and not the
mere 1 arbltraryJexpression of a 'choice. \
..The strong . point; is. made, - however,
WHAT will be the world lan
guage of the future?
That it will be English is
the prediction of many schol
arly observers. Tee ¦ proba-blUUci are
that it will partake of the best features
of all modern tongues.
It is a safe proposition to assume
that the race which, dominates the
commerce of , the world will impress jit*
familiar in every quarter of the habit
able globe.
? French is still regarded as the diplor
matic and "polite" language of the
world, but English, - as expanded and
rejuvenated by American transplant a-
that America more than England is re
sponsible for the change.. ' . .
i,' Two-thirds of the people who speak
English live on- this- side of the Atlan
tic, and I thrf r industrial 'and commer
cial : conquests are making ¦ the tongue
tion, is becoming the universal businest
tongue.
The world language of the future
therefore, ia that which America wil
speak and teach.— New York Wort*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
THE REV. BRADFORD LEAVIIT.
fects some minds that reason fails to
reach, but in the long. run no move
ment that is* not based on truth and
hard sense can long succeed in this
country, and there is no prospect of
any apparatus by which the personal
liberty of Americans can be restricted
beyond a certain point. Liberty, like
charity, begins at home: and as a
nation we care even more for per
sonal liberty than for national liberty.
We cannot enforce temperance any
more than we can enforce religion.
We cannot legislate character into
men. That calls for means that are
not so easy. But while we cannot
prevent we can regulate, and from the
nature of the case we can apply reg
ulation more easily and with far less
irritation to the sale of drink than
to its use. This is the line on which
Earl Grey and other temperance
workers are bending their efforts in
England. They are trying to win
drinkers away from the low srrogger
ies by providing better and less
vicious drinking places. This is the
line on which Bishop Potter is work
ing. He believes not that the "Sub
way Saloon" is a cure for the drink
evil, but he believes it may be a step
in the right direction. And it might
be well for you and me and the rest
of us who haven't a tythe of this
man's knowledge of the problem to
suspend judgment and 'see what
comes of it. In any case, however,
it does no good to suppress the truth,
to call names, to attack honorable
men because their way is not our
way. Whatever har>oens let us at
least respect the opinions of those
from whom we differ, and concede
to others as much sincerity and hon
esty as we feel ourselves to possess.
who declare that the textbooks used
are unscientific and misleading.
No sane person who has\ looked
into the matter can doubt that cer
tain indorsed physiologies used for
instruction in the public schools A
certain States do a great deal more
harm than good, because they assert
as facts matters which are disputed on
excellent authority. We have no
intention of discussing here the ques
tion whether alcohol is a food, for
this is. a matter on which at present
authorities disagree, but it is certainly,
prolific of serious harm to teach chil
dren ¦ to say, "We ' know that alcohol
is not a food," when we know nothing
of the kind. .
'. If we really must teach young chil
dren about alcohol, for heaven's sake
let us be quite honest about it and
teach correctly. If the textbooks
should assert that alcohol is danger
ous and should never be taken except
on the prescription of a physician,
few would object to the teaching.
But when, for the sake of producing
a moral impression some truth is sup
pressed and some distorted, the good
that is intended becomes evil and per
manent temperance work receives a
decided setback. "
The problem presented by. the evils
of intemperate use of alcoholic beve
rages is a pretty serious one and
people differ a good deal about the
best way to solve it, but one thing
seems tolerably clear and that is that
the trouble will never be cured bv
dishonesty or misdirected enthusiasm.
The cure will come from knowledge.
We must teach persons who drink
what they are about — what sort of an
agent they are dealing with. Din af-
studied the conditions on the ground
for many years, but has himself lived
all through a hot summer in a slum
tenement.
It would seem to be the part of
wisdom for thoughtful people, un
prejudiced and honest, and fair, men
and women, neither to "pitch into"
Bishop Potter -for what he has said
and done in this subway saloon mat
ter, nor yet to praise him. Nobody
knows how it will turn out.. ; " It may
prove to be a step in the -right direc
tion — nothing more is/claimed for it
— or.it may amount to.nothiii:-. We
can afford to wait before- pronouncing
judgment. , "-•.. , : <'
There are in the world a good many
persons who are not thoughtful and
fair and modest in theirv. notions.
They think they know better. \- than
.other folk, how to live and they are
consumed by a desire to'.;. put down
erroneous views and;-m.akc People live
their way. The wisest ,» leaders .tn
the country in the fields''of^science,
educatiou and religion' are\.sharply;
criticized on ' account of utterances
about temperance and total absti
nence. No one would think of Ques
tioning the honesty and^sincerity of
these men, but '.their^vtcttrsVoij . the
subject of the use of, 'alcohol •;'.do not
meet with the approval of the^ folk
who know better how to live.' and
they, therefore. administer good
smart reproof, to these' distinguished
gentlemen because they will, not. sav
that alcohol is always and under all
circumstances and in all amounts
harmful, poisonous and of the devil.
We can recall without much' effort
the din Mrs. Carrie Nation raised in
Kansas some time ago. We remem
ber how she lifted up her voice in
Not long ago, at a corvention of
the Episcopal church. Bishop Potter
reiterated in vigorous fashion his
views on this great temperance ques
tion. He urged that the time' had
come for a frank, honest considera
tion of the whole auestion. He
summed up his position in these
words: "You will gather from this
how superficial, how utterly inhuman
and unreasonable I regard a great
deal of that often well-intentioned
zeal which seeks to make men and
women virtuous bv a law of undis
criminate repression. I do. I do.
And if I am sent here of God for
nothing else I am sent here to tell
you and to entreat you to discern
that most of our methods of dealing
with the drink evil are tainted with
falsehood, dishonored by unreality
and discredited by '¦ widespread and
consistent failure."
Brave words these; but they natu
rally aroused the ire of those who
believe that the only way to cure the
evil is by prohibition; and imme
diately these one-idea people began
scolding and abusing the good Bishop
and some of them told him iu 'no
uncertain terms that his teaching is
immoral; that he does not know what
he is talking about; that if he would
understand the dreadful evils of in
temperance he should get out of his
study and go down into the slums of
the city and see the poor mother of
seven children waiting and weeping
for the return of her drunken hus
band. As though Bishop Potter did
not know all this and more! Perhaps
his accusers do not know that the
reverend gentleman has not only
23When a ; fellow; boasts 'that he -"can't
be bought' it'sVai sign*" that^he" hasn't
been ;, off efed '* enough.' ' ¦-¦*• * • > ¦ - • . •
Diamond Badge for, John. P. Horgan.
' '"'John P.rHorgan,- buildingr'inspeetqr
in .the Department ; of ."Works, ¦ left last
Thursday for Milwaukee to. attend: the,
national convention of the 'Carpenters
and Joiners ; of . America. ,-' Horsran ¦¦¦. is
chairman of the delegation; from "Caf r
pepters' Union. Local No. ."22.»:. Jiist.as
herwas stepping.on the boat 1 Fred Nel-
Bori; presented Horgan ; with; a
ful diamond badge.iemblernatlc of the
organization, .' oh > behalf of -the - union.
'. ' /- — ¦ — ¦ — « ? » — -r— — 7- ¦"'¦¦'.¦ ".'•
¦ ¦ • Fall " hats. 1904." Just ; arrived/ nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co^ opp.Palace.* '
James. Means" J- 50 and $3 00 Shoes
for • men' have no equal. .' Superior... to
many $3 50 and $4 00 Shpes v in style,
wear and shoemakinK. Why not save this
foctra- dollar? All ¦ styles; -all leathers.
From maker, to wearer. • Jaines Means'
Shoe. Store, 16 Fourth street. . . ;•
Policeman J.'E, Reade tried to stop
a runaway team at Montgomery and
Merchant streets yesterday morning.
He was knocked down and the wheels
of the wagon-passed over both of, his
legs. The ambulance was summoned
from the Harbor Emergency^ Hospital
and Reade was taken to his home at
2134 Fifteenth street. He was at
tended by the family physician. ",, No
bones were broken and helseemed .to
be suffering more . from 'the shock
than anything else. • The . team be
longed to. the Union Transfer Com
pany and began "its ¦-flight'!' at'the Ne
vada-block. " It was stopped at Wash
ington -street. , . -
Injured by Runaway Team.
Not Bankrnot.
' United States Distriot Judf« da
Haven yesterday denied' th« petition
of creditors to declare th» Saaitaxy
Collecting Company an insolvent Ibef
ere© Milton J. Green having reported
that' the firm had not committed an
act of insolvency.
August Geber appeared in Judgs
Dunne's court . yesterday to be ar
raigned on two charges of murder.
Judge Lawlor presided In the absence
of Judge Dunne and a continuance
was suggested, but Geber said . he de
sired to be tried as soon as possible
and Insisted upon being arraigned.
After arraignment the cases were con
tinued till. September 14 to be set
Geber shot and killed Charles and
George Hartmann at 321 Third street
on Sunday morningr, July 10.
Gebep Arraigned for 3Iurder.
If a woman knows she is pretty it j
isn't because any other- woman, ever j
told her. : , ; ;-.- ; I
SOCIALIST PARTY. -:
COMPLETES TICKET
Police Judges— I. Shenkan,
Deisel, A. Anderson, Henry .Warhecke,
Assemblymen 1 — Twenty-eighth Dis
trict, C. E. Hallenquist; Twenty-nln^th
District, Joseph McKelvey; Thirtieth
District, Richard Corbett; Thirty-first
District, Hugo Lozln; Thirty-second
District, William Schloth'an; Thirty
third District,- Fred E. Dean; Thirty
fourth District, S.OrlofC; : Thirty-sixth
District, A. W. Castner; Thirty-sev
enth District George S. Arthur; Thir
ty-eighth District,- Charles mV Etique;
Fortieth District Oliver Everett; For
ty-first District E. V.'Fleury; Forty
second District George" O'Hanrahan;
Forty-third District, " John Messer;
Forty-fourth District William Henry
Gladding; Forty-fifth District, George
Nesbit.
Superior Judges — 'Robert- Lutge,
Charles B. Kiler, J. C. Wesley, Louis
Giller.. . , ¦ - , ; " /. ¦ .¦:
The Socialist party of San . Fran
cisco has made the. following nomina
tions;
State Senators— Seventeenth Dis
trict, G. . F. Styche; Nineteenth- Dis
trict, George Williams; . Twenty-first
District, A. C. Haskins; Twenty-third
District, Fred Ficken; 'Twenty-fifth
District, Herbert H. Mann.
Nominations for: State Senators, As.
semblymen and Judges of the
Superior Court.
Jesse L. - Crandell- ; pleaded - guilty
yesterday in the United States District
Court to been found in pos
session of a mold for the making of
counterfeit dollars. He will be sen
tenced to-morrow.
Crandell Pleads Guilty.
John Krivanek.
County Committee— W. EJ. Costley,
chairman; John Messer, secretary; Jo
seph McDonald, George F. Arthur, J.
C Wesley. John Branstetter, H. H.
Mann. A. W. Castner.
Purity committee —^W. EL, Eastman,
B. P. Ober, Oscar Johnson, Edward
de Rome. Joseph Kaufman.'
.The ticket was completed yester
day forenoon at Carmen's Hall by a
convention of which J. J. McKelvey
was chairman and H. H. Mann sec
retary.
Commissioner Filcher has been made
a membeVof ', the forestry/Jury and^G.'
F. Bannon a member of '.the ..body to
pass on electrical machinery. On the
jury of mines are John Hays Ham
mond and E. H.. Benjamin, also Call
fornians.
H.^F. 'Dodge, 'clerk of the-Postoffice
Committee of the • House , of
sentatives , under former Congressman
Loud sl and v holding the same position
now jtinder Congressman Overstreet of
Indiana, .visited the fair' during the
last '.week. Mr. - Dodge -.was -a San
Franciscan, but is now residing; in In
dianapolis. He was accompanied here
by Frederic Irland, dean of the corps
of : official , reporters of Congress and
well known. as a magazine writer. -
;Dodge and Irland spent; much time
at th^e. San Francisco building.- Com
missioner": Erwln— he modestly calls
himself .the San Francisco committee's
representatiyeV. but to j fair
he- is San Francisco's .commissioner — •
invited ' ; ttie t visitors to drink some apri
cot* brandy and . Irland remarked that
theliQuor. was. becoming a. rery popu
lar - after-dinner, drink . and ..was used
largely _ln the : Detroit Club, the lead
ing one in) that city. i/;V ; :-%;':.
"1 .suppose V.'^hey/. use •¦ a V, French
article there, so they can get a label
without;'; the. quality,", said some one
jocosely.;-. -. : ..' -- ; ,-, ; • . -. /
. ."No, isir,". said Irland; "they use the
California . wine/' \ ¦ I . : ;. ~. i •.-
Some;-rlpe. olives, were c' given to Ir
land to .'sample, and, : after, eating one
he • said: -.v <*'. ¦ • v* '* - v • ..
/'Why .'in. thunder don't the Califor
nians let us know about these, instead
of ¦•permittingri.us -.to jeat those tough
green ,. ones. . The ripe : olive for * me
after jthis.'.' • >'¦:>/.: -=;.. .; ; ... ', .
: He -.took the , '.name < of the .grower [at
that particular,*olivei saying he -.wanted
toikeep'.stockedi/up'.iwithjthemand let
his ; friends] know t about them, v V*?; u /;
".This'is but >an 'incident of how, many,
California . -^"products ; ! ; would ¦<" have - s a
wider • vogue- if " only the right ,; people
sampled them', once: '
\ ¦ : A: J. * Doran,-. president of ; Arizona's
board : of;' exposition 'commissioners, • is
here s looking^" over J the /exhibits of the
Territory '.with * Resident .'Commissioner
L'eatherwoodl '.VMr.i Doran says it was
rather : dry. "^ in ' Arizona); this '{ year ' and
that * consequently 'some .- of ; the ¦: agri
cultural exhibits will not bejup to the
s'landard'expectedl • ' . "
.. V : "We :"are \ interesting many • people in
the "iTeirritoryi .-.thoujrh," /said - : Commis
sioner' Doran,' ."knd-; expect ¦,-~greater
mlningCdeviopmerityasjajresultof [the
fair. : :' ; "' We also "., expect' to 'take'" some
prizes \ for fruiter* for • we ¦ have " as" fine'
ones 5 asj any; p'.art^olT' the can
show; \W[h'en ¦ we? get^water , we'll * have
: more 'of : them." *\- Tj . : r ''' '.'. ' '/¦.' V " i
FILCHER OX JURY.
largely lost sight of at this exposition,
pays. On Colorado day 200,000 of the
celebrated Rocky'Ford muskmelons are
to be. given away on the fair grounds.
The mere: anouncement of this has
caused Colorado to be talked about ex
tensively, and the carrying out of the
scheme will give that State an adver
tisement that will have . an effect in
every part of the world, and the, mel
ons Won't cost, a great deal either. Ne
vada's barbecue will be one of the sen
sations of the fair, Texas is going to
erect a . special pavilion in which to
give a, grand ball, Arizona is talking of
having a fruit day and Oregon threat
ens to do something startling — the soon
er trie better for that Lewis and Clarke
Exposition— before the fair is over. Cal
ifornia must look, to her laurels.' She
will find the limelight shifting if she
doesn't look out. ; ; Maybe ; the . Native
Sons' will do something to be talked
about. . .... ...
The appointment of David' Starr Jor
dan, ; president of Stanford University,
as a member of the jury on fish and
game at the exposition will probablji
be' a' gratification- to his friends and
himself and' is -certainly a deserved
tribute^ ¦ He will most likely < be the
leading authority- on this jury and his
opinion may. largely guide it. : .
, .The • Question ,% is' one that'is ; certain
to !-be - brought ;,upT; for J solution'; before
ahother/fair; is held.Vahd it will , have
niany :.a'dhercjnts ; and. majiy^. opponents. 1
The: general; idea among:Callfornia ex- v
hlbltora here; seems f to jbe that ! the x old-:
time '.policy;, of j_ giving';' away, whatever
samples; California' haslo offer,'shall ; be
maintained. v'\. , :. ¦ '
." Colorado ¦.•evidenOy - thinks ; : the I old
time'. Calif ornia 1 policy, vwhlch ' has '• been
; Los Angeles takes a middle ground in
th'isl matter. . ; It 'gives' away ? nothing; to
.visitors, *not as much^ ks 'a : peanut,*-but
it -sells ? nothing. /A". beautiful , exhibit Is
erected '^ 'and -the ' people pass by and
gaze "upon it V: ; -;/:-'; :; . <
Austria, Italy and- Germany have
concessions to sell wine in the Palace
of Agriculture and they dispose -of it
by the bottle • or -glass, even selling
single drinks of .champagne. Many
people of a good class who would like
to sample California, wines fail to do
so, as they do not like to in any; way
put " themselves ' in' the-' position'- of
"sparring- for a : free drlnk.".and :i know
they cannot buy rat the Wine Temple.
Whether it is better to let these go
their, way without sampling or ,to
strike a blow at California's firmly
rooted and; ancient' principle of hos
pitality by substituting. for it a. spirit
of .''commercialism is . a problem that
wijl' hardly be solved at this fair.
' ~ "I asked-' Superintendent Taylor'- of
this building about a concession to
Bell' wines,"- sarid- Haber, "and; he told
me it couldn't be " granted, ; because it
Would open" the way for : every dis
tillery in the country to sell liquor on
the grounds. I told him ours- was . a
State and not' an individual exhibit
and he said it made no -difference.
Foreign countries were granted a con^
cession-to sell; he i said, because they
had gone to such great expense to
bring 'their goods here. I spoke to
Commissioner Filcher- about getting a
concession, but" have heard nothing
from'it." ¦¦-••¦¦ . ' ' '"'" '• '.¦'"
'The foreign countries were\granted
concessions to sell wine because they
made that a condition precedent : to
their making exhibits," said Commis
sioner Filcher. 'Tasked aboufgettingr
one •< for Calif ornla, but was' told it
couldn't be ' granted. • I am not ; sure,
anyway,' that the < wine men. would care
to charge for their goods at the fair."
Whether it is ' better to give pro
ducts away ; or to charge a • nominal
price for them to cover . : .the -cost • is a
qutstion , that Is : cominigr to v^the . front
and; will probably '"be considered- by
those interested in, making California
exhibits, at coming, fairs. ' . Commis
sioner, Filcher. Is of the opinion that a
charge 1 should- be made to' cover cost
and will try to carry, out. this idea at
the Portland Fair. ' ; Many: California
representatives are • firmly, opposed to
this idea; as they say the; fair fame of
California" would be -damaged by'( In
troducing-commercialism into : the ad
vertising of her' resources and (that a
great State ' cannot .show' better the
prodigality, of her; : products than by
free-handed hospitality, which' brings
a.^thousandfold' better/ returns than
•would 'come j'f romV'a display ' which ' it
was fintende'd^ should ' pay for itself,
. . GIFTS "ARE TABOOED. '
"A comparison of. notes among the
county commissioners brought to light
the fact that efforts tobuy : California
wine are -constantly-being made?at the
various : booths In the California- sec
tion by' people -who want ] it at'once.
They are always referred to the Wine
Temple,. \where they are told:.by.Com
missioner Haber, in charge there, that
he will take'their orders and'sehd to
California the" wine they desire.
The county representatives are confi
dent that- had a concession been -ob
tained to" 5 sell vine ; in th^ '.Palace of
Agriculture . >many hundreds of cases
would have been disposed • of, , the
buyers being .people; from many, sec
tions of the Union.; There are a, great
many visitors who .wish to try Cali
fornia wines and would buy a few bot
tles to take , with. them could they, get
them while' here/^ Many . concessions
a^dfStatS and foreign buildings would
probably buy some of the wine were
it convenient to' do so; There is said
to-be one, large house lnSt. Louis that
represents .three. California firms,
but it has not- made .itself .known; at
the fair and the.wine. is. certainly not
advertised. by it.: ;.;'...;. f : ;;; cWt'i
WIXE BY THE GLASS. -
The lady who wanted the wine rep
resented a prominent concession in the
Palace of "Agriculture, where the us
ing of the wine would v have been a
good . advertisement : for the product,
as 1 well [ as a" 1 matter of profit, to ' the
producer! • She came to the California
section; thinking she could get all she
wanted at-once, but found she could
not "buy 'any "at" all. ' She sent'down
town and' bought two, cases of Ohio
wine.- " ¦ ¦
¦ "Well,^ I; can't," said the~ man- who
had first spoken. "I have tried at' the
Wine. Temple and -have asked at a
good many places downtown and the
best lean ! do is' to 'leave an order at
the- Wine Temple ' and get the goods
in two Weeks. .
"Why, «bver at the Wine Temple, I
su ppose," • was . the reply, "or at some
of the h6uses downtown." •- T -- • ¦•.- -
"Where," asked one of the" Califor
nia'county commissioners* of another,
"can I get two cases of California
wine for a" lady who wants thenv right
away?" • '-'. - ¦ }
; CALL BUREAU, WORLD'S FAIR,
ST: . LOUIS, Sept 10.— The appoint
ment of Dr. J. A. Wylie of Washing
ton; and Henry Lachmann of San
Francisco on the wine jury Is very
satisfactory to California. They will
not endeavor to give the Golden State
any the best of the decisions, but will
be alive; to her interests.' . Professor
Wylie has . intimated * that he may ; not
accept the • appointment, but pres
sure enough can be brought to make
him accept it, it is hoped.;. •'.¦ ¦-¦'¦".
BY PAUL EDWARDS.
The steel company was represented
in the arbitration proceedings by Col
onel G. Watson French, chairman of
the executive board; James H. Xutt.
head of the company's labor depart
ment, and S. K. Corans. On the side
bf the steel workers were John Wil
liams, national secretary of "the Amal
gamated Association of Iron and Steel
Workers; W. M. Gibson and Peter Mc-
Ardle, vice presidents; Elias Jenkins,
national trustee, and Benjamin E.
Jones, Thomas Williams, Joseph Rut
ledge and Patrick McGowan, members
pf the conference committee.
• CHICAGO. Sept. 10.— A board of
conciliation, selected by the Republic
Iron and Steel Company and 20,000 of
its employes, has met here to fix a
scale of wages for the coming year.
The decision of the board was with
held pending additional arguments by
the employes, which are to be heard
to-day. The dispute which the board
is to settle arose over the desire of
the company to reduce the wages of
its skilled "merchant" iron workers
from 5 to 15 per cent As provided
la the working agreement, which has
been in force since 1901, conference
cemmittees from the company and the
unions having failed to agree on an
adjustment of wages, the matter was
left to a board of conciliation. v'-;"v
The arguments of the company
tended to show that reduction in its
business, combined with large outlays
in the erection of new plants, did. not
Justify the continuation of last year's
wage scale. These claims were met by
the steel workers' representatives with
the contention that the number of em
ployes had been reduced in several
plants, thus comparatively lightening
the expenses.
Employes Object to Beduc
tion in Pay of Meciiahics
[ Company Thinks Necessary
Great Demand for Wine of
the Golden State Is Made
by Visitors to Exposition
FAIE DEAL IS ASSURED
Recent building operations' in the
Oceanside district , are reported' as fol
lows: Mrs. S. J. Buford is erecting .a
cottage- on Forty-seventh avenue, ..be
tween H and I streets; F.. W. Fulmore
has built a cottage on Forty-sixth ave
nue, near I street; J. Hen wood., has
completed a home on the west line of
Forty-sixth avenue, between H and I
streets; E. A. Anderson isT building a
cottage on the west line of Forty-fifth
avenue, near H street. Among houses
that, have recently been erected on, lots
sold, by Sol Getz & Son are four orie r
story cottages on the. Ocean boulevard
and a cottage for Mrs. John. Cary on
Forty-ninth avenuei near M street. Sol
Getz & Son have purchased 'two addi
tional blocks In the Oceanside district,
one of which fronts on the Ocean boule
vard. Grading will begin at once and
the block will be subdivided and placed
on , the market . for sale. The progress
of the Oceanside district is constant.
The Starr Brothers Company has
been formed by George E. Starr and S.
L..M. Starr, to conduct , a real estate
and insurance business. Offices have
been opeued in the Rialto building. -. .
A.J. Rich & Co. have leased to Thom
as K. Simpson a three-story building
with roof garden that Mrs. E/nma
Ehrenpfort is constructing on the north
line, of Eddy street for five years at an
aggregate rental of $14,000 for the term.
Baldwin & Howell have sold one of
the houses that T. B. Southworth. is
constructing on I street, ; between Sev
enteenth and Eighteenth avenues, for
$4111. In the same neighborhood J. H.
Echutte is erecting a $7500 residence. .
William McCormick will expend $80,.
000 in the erection of an eight-story and
basement brick building on tht- north
line of Turk street, SS:9 feet east- of
Taylor. V; '«" w:
L. Cella will erect on the northeast
corner of Twenty-second and Folsom
streets a three-story and basenfent
building to cost $14,000. '
Three-story and basement flats are
to be erected on the north line of Clay
street, between Fillmore and Webster,
by J. Gellober, at a cost of- 512,500. .
A syndicate has leased the clubhouse
in construction for the Oceanside Im
provement Glub-for ten years and -will
use It- as a hotel, with restaurant at
tached. . . -
The following sales have been made
by L,yon& Hoag: Lot, 27:6x137:6 feet,
en the. south line of Oak street, 177:6
feet west of Webster, Webster Jones
and Grace J. Miller to M. Weinstein,
for $3500; 25x90 feet on the south , line of
Fifteenth street, 50 feet east of Castro,
with two fiats, Hannah ! Donovan to R.
T. Parry, $2900; 25x120 feet on the east
line of Fourth avenue, 210 feet south of
B street, to Melville W. Herzog. $1300;
33:4x90 feet on.the east line of Michigan
avenue, 66:8 feet north of Richmond
avenuTe.'to Charles W. Gumpertz, who is
building two flats, $1700; 25:10x88 feet on
the east line- of » Devisadero. street,
216:7^ feet south of Duboce avenue, to
Frithjof Wohlander, $2000; 50x90 feet on
the. west line of Castro street, 90 feet
north of Fourteenth, to C E. Burris,
$2700; 75x120 feet on the east line of
Fourth avenue, 125 feet north of A
street, for the Bar. District Land Com T
pany, $3150; northeast corner of Eight
eenth and Danvers streets.' to F. Stucr
mer,.$1450; 25x101 feet on the east line,
of Lotta street^ 100. feet north of Par
nassus avenue, J. E. Peters to Miss Mc-
Cue, $1100: 25x120 feet on the east line
of Ninth avenue, 325 feet "south of -11
street. Bertha Harenberg to H. and M.
F"adden. . HGoO; southeast '*. corner • of
Eighteenth and Eureka streets. 50x75
feet, ' E-.-R. Lilienthal to George
Heinecke, $3S50; 23x94 feet and flats. on
the southwest line of Eleventh street,
130 feet northwest of Harrison, .Joseph
F. Dwyer to Oscar Heyman. $3750;
25x105 feet and" flats on the west' line of
Sanchez street,. 101:6 feet .south ,..pf
Twenty-eighth, Emma Samson to Isi
dor Unman. $3500; lots in' Lyon " &
Hoag's Sunnyside tract in Mill .Valley
and in the Moulton ranch, in • Colusa
County. .' "v*.'^-j v : ¦. ; •
purchases. Promptly at 10 o'clock on
that day ! the sale will begin ' and the
flr?t one on hand will get the pick of
this- beautiful. tract. It will be a case
of, first come first served. . The.great
est number of purchasers* -.will prob
ably come from San Mateo, where the
property is highly thought of. This is
not surprising considering the fact
that it is in; almost the ceiiter of the,
city and yet is so abundantly covered
with oaks as to be desirable for resi
dences. The main 1 business thorough-
fare of San Mateo, B street, extends
through the center of the Hay ward
Addition. Baldwin & Howell have a
branch office at San Mateo, only about
half a block from the depot. Their
representative, F. S. Grummon, 'Will
thow visitors over the property and
give all the information desired.
Sx\Ll£S AND BUILDING.
Prominent Men. From West
Appbinted^ to Judge 'the
Merits of Various Exhibits
• A :< *vee* of holidays' could not be |
I expected' to ? yield much in business.
I Dealings' In-real estate have been in
! terruptVd" temporarily, as in most (
I other Ijnes. - .In the end th« great i
'gathering: of. people in this city at- [
traded by ! the Knight? Templar con
clave and' the coming meeting of the
Odd : Fellows will result in great ben-
I eflt.' to , San" Francisco. On all sides
there, was evidence' of interest In th«
realty" maVWetVhen business was'fair-J
ly resumed 'yesterday. . Thomas Magee
;& Sons ,;'m their Real Estate Circular
'say:', .'.'".'. A;;-';-.
"Judging" by the contracts closed in
August and measured by the contin
ued strong inquiry for properties of
nearly air kinds, we may look tor an)
i active market' this fall. There are I
plenty of buyers and sales would be
eveij j. .more, numerous!, if there were
more good business properties to of
fer".* Investmentsj of. J 50,000 to % 100.
| 000 are in demand, with light supply. I
Residence property is the subject of
many inquiries, as is usually the case
this time of the year.
"Vacant houses and. flats are being
tenanted- at an astonishing rate. Morel
people than ever before actually give |
I up houses and flats In the spring and I
move 1 to. places within easy reach of,
Sah • Francisco, iike .Mill -Valley, Ross
Valley;" -San - Rafael,- Fruitvale. Ala
meda, Berkeley; San Mateo and ¦ va
rious *6ther places for three or four
months;' or even longer, every year.
During th« summer .. San Francisco
has many *to I.ef signs, which disap
pear'at this reason of the year. ;
"Lots in outlying sections which
have not been salable for -years are
now salable, but not at high prices.
Owners who distinguish between lots j
being- salable and prices advancing, j
which are really two separate and.
distinct -conditions, can now sell va
cant land which has been held for a (
number of years without a chance to j
The large deals of the week have j
been previously mentioned. One was
for two blocks of -land on Mission
Bay sold by the Hearst estate to the
Southern Pacific /Jompany for $280.
000; the other for six and a half
blocks -sold by the Sutro estate for
$15S,000"to a syndicate, the blockly
ing between Forty-sixth and Forty
eighth avenues and D and • H-streets."
BUYING IX RICHMOND.
Two 'sales of properties of the Al
vinza Hay ward estate are reported.
John. F.. Speck and F. J. McGlinchey
have ..bought thie^* southeast corner of
Sixth .avenue,. and O street. 200x145
feet. ., for-- $12,000. the price having
been advanced by bids from $10,000.
Mr. McGHnchey has also bought the
northeast cprner % of Fulton street and
Fifth avenue, 82x103 feet, for $8500.
Thomas Magee & Son3 have resold
for "William Gruenhagen the Vander
, bilt property on the southeast corner
of Washington and Davis street." 91:8
xl37:6 feet and improvements, to
Aaron and . Solomon Miller for $82,
000, an advance of $7000 above the
price paid. by Gruenhagen.
Archibald Gunther has. sold the
northwest .corner, of Front Jack
son, streets,, with two-story, building,
on lot 45:10x137:6 feet, for $40,000.
John W. Flinn has bought the resi
d'ence and 28:9x137:6 feet on the west
line of Hyde street from the estate of
Winfleld S. Jones for $13,000.
The estate of Jeremiah Lowney has
sold to Jacob Gordon .the| 25x85 fdet
on the southeast line of Mission street.
100 feet -from ¦ Seventh, for $l-2.000.
Oscar Heyman reports the following
sales: Southwest* corner of* Forty
sixth avenue and C street - and the
southeast corner of Forty-seventh
avenue and C street,' each S2: 6x100
feet.. $6000; ..south i line . of ..A . street,
32:6 west of Forty-fourth avenue,
j 25x125, on the; west 'line of -Chenery
street,' 175 feet north of Randall, for
$1000.' 25x97 feet on the west line of
j Eleventh street, 130 feet no.rth of Har
| risoh, $42S0: . : ¦-; .'
I The- following properties have been
j sold by Sol Getz & Son: Lot' 50x120
i feet on the west line of Seventeenth
I avenue, 260 feet south of. R street, to
C. A*. Ballinger; 'west line of* Forty-
J eighth avenue, 212:6 feet south .of L
street, to C. E. and W. . F. Doell;
'southeast corner of Forty-eighth ave
j nue and S street to W. M. Burns; .25x
; 1 20 ; f eet ; on the east side v of . Forty-
I eighth a\'enue,' 162:6 feetrsouth of L
j street,''*"; with * improvements, ; to W.
j Botsford; • east line of Forty-eighth
avenue,' 50 feet south of S street, to
John- McCormack; on west line of
Forty-flf th ' averiue, 100' feet' south of
H street, to H.Kroney. , .
LANDS" OF INTERIOR.
. The. country, department of 'the "C.
M. Woost«r Company, has sold; a stock
ranch of., 1100. acres, near Napa, for
$20,000 for; LlVM. Knight, to T. M.
Speedy; \ the \Howland .ranch ":, at Mor
gan Hill to George Koenig, for $1200;
fifteen ,\ acres * near ' . Petaluma .from
Horn to Calderwood, for $3200; three
acres at Fair. Oaks to I.' .W.' Helms/ for
i $1750; ".fifteen , acres ': near. . Redwood
I CltyAfpr: the: Santa' Clara ; Valley^Land
Company to J. J/McGowan, tor $2500;
132, acres on Ho well Mountain for the \
I Shula^state to Thomas* Lpngmofe. for
$ 2050 ; ; ten* acres r each 'in' the ' Catherine •
Dunne'. Varich' to J. PetranV'and' Paul :
M. ', tfllbert, ( ;*for;*$j500 1 ; each; " 288%
acres in the 'Irrigated' 'lands of .'the ,
! Boggs ranch In the Sacramento Valley,
for $23,640; 37% acres -ln' # the r su'vdlvi
slon of villa ' lots : at Redwood ' City to
twelve buyers,., for-. $11,500 ' In- total;
In, the . orchard and;vlneyard ; subdivi-
I sipn a,: San Mart'inV S$.jnta-.Clara"c6un
ly. 1 9 1% acres* 'to "fifteen ' buyers •: f or
$iS.950.- ,.'YK' *V- ' l '~'' " - .- -'
I ' ' Cha'tfieid- '& ; Vinient,- ".have ' sold- to
| Ferdinand : ' Frohmah". for jE./ J. ; " Mc
i Cutcheon eight! acres^ at; Ross"' Valley,
j v.ith residence; also rtb-* Carl : Plaut
j twelve - : . 'acres, .adjoining- -for.." R..M. !
j Hotallng. the. latter tr&ct v toi be laid out
i as'a'pirki' ".' \\ i 'i.-- : ' .: " : '¦¦¦'; ':'.¦¦' "¦
j . • Announcement? is made.^ *by Baldwin
! &' Howcll of tlle'/apprqaching-sale of
i the lots in - the; Hay wards ;AdditionVtp
San Mateo. . The t prpDerty^wlll bo sold
only at private sale.-, .The .agents: have
1 concluded ;that-_ the method
would-be • to seta -date, at' which - the
lets -will ..bc;sold>and\ho(^tb;disV>ose:of
any. of, them : bef ore.-^Mo'ndayi- the ;19th
irisL", has been "flxed': as- tlie, time; when
prospective j buyers V may.i make , .their
Board of Conciliation Meets
to Adjust Dispute Between
Steel Concern and Tts Heir
BOTH SIDES ARE-HEAEI)
Buyers, Thrdngto Offices of Realty Brokers and Renewed
,Eff ( rts Are Made to Perfect Deals Under Consideration:
••Authorities Expect Thst r Fall Business Will Be" Strong
WILL FIX NEW
WAGE SCHEDULE
LI VE LY MARK ET F O LLO WS
DIVERSIONS OF THE WEEK
CALIFORNIANS
ON THE JURIES
TH E ,SAN : KRANUlSCfO- CALIJ, ; -SUNDAY, SERTEMBEr^ ll;^190l.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;****--% "'-"_*¦;*- ;•'¦•*•• '; j
•^Tien a person lias been told that i
they are in the last stages of consump- '
tlon end that no treatment can help :
them, it is surely a wonderful relief, !
both physically and mentally, to find a !
treatrofent that has curative effects. My j
condition was a very serious one, and all
the medical treatment that I used did !
me no good. I heard of the success of!
Electro-Chemistry in serious diseases !
like my own and I went to the Electro- i
Chemic Institute, No. 118 Grant Ave.. for i
a careful examination. This examina- J
tlon was free and it was so thorough |
that I had great hopes when the Electro- i
Chemic specialists told me that Electro-
Chemistry would cure me. I be^an-the!
treatment Immediately, and in a short '
time my condition was greatly improved '
In extty way. When I first went to the
Institute my breathing was so short that i
I could hardly go up the stairs. I had a
very serious cough and I expectorated j
horrible looking matter from my lungs. .
I had fever In the afternoons and had i
Eight sweats. I had lost a great deal of !
flesh and was so weak that ' I could
scarcely ret about. I feel like a new
woman now. I .feel stronger in every
way. The cough has disappeared. The
tight sweats, and the afternoon fevers
bare *»th disappeared. I do not expecto-
rate bad looking matter from my lungs,
and all this has been accomplished In a
very short time and at very little ex-
pense. 1 feel It my duty to tell other
•offerers of the wonderful effects of Elec-
tro-Chemistry In bad cases like ray own,
My name Is Mrm. M. McDougall and I
live at No. 400 Oak St., San Francisco."
• It U cures like these that is making
the Electro-Chemic treatment famous
and It Is because oC such cures that In
Jess than three years' time the Electro-
Cbemic practice In San Francisco has
become the largest special practice In
' the West. Electro-Chemistry is curative
In all long-standing and chronic diseases ;
and It is the most successful treatment
yet discovered for the. cure of Consump- i
tlon; Catarrh. Bronchitis, Asthma, Deaf-
ness. Ringing Ears, Discharging Ears
Painful Ears, Rheumatism.' Neuralgia!
Locomotor Ataxla. Paralysis. 'Weak
Heart. Palpitation, Shortness of Breath,
Dizziness. Headache. Nervousness, In-
somnia, Epilepsy, Falling Sickness. Con-
stipation. Piles, Fistula, Prostatitls,
Stricture. Blood Poison. Specific. Conta-
gious Diseases. Blood and Skin Diseases. <
Eczema. Goitre. Swollen Joints^ Weak
Back. Kidney Diseases, Brlghfs Disease.
JHabetes. Inflammation of the . Bladder,
6?>*cial Diseases of' Women — Irregulari-
ties. : Displacements. Ovarian Pains; Tu- '
tnors. .Abscesses.- Ulcers: etc., etc.
The , Electro-Chemic X-Ray Examina- I
tlon is the most reliable examination j
that. any sufferer can have and it ivnb-j
Bf>lu<ely free to all. - Patients living at a
distance should try. to come to.th<» office I
for this examination. In most cases the I
patient ca:i lake the course o* Elec- i
trp-Chexnle iio:ne treatment and .return •
h6nr? the same day. An expensive Elec- I
. tro-Chernic apparatus- is <loaued to out- i
s>Sde patient* fr»»c of charge. The Insti- j
tute is provided with separate and. prl- 1
vate apartments for its male and' female !
patients and everything. is retired, ouiet J
isnd pleasant. All classes are now. taking!
the Electro-Oh^mic course.' ' There are j
lr.wyers. ministers;-; priests, -"physicians,
irerchants. mechanics; laborers- -and
tliere rira socie«.,v ladles anJ there arc .
housewives, all receiving: the s.i'Uft care- j
fill; <w.sTiontlous txe;» tin erst rt the hands ,
of the r.Iectro-Chesnlc' specialist*. Thai
K!cctro-Ch«*raJo Institute 1s centrally lo-J
cated *t No. 118 Grant Ave.. oornerof j
Post St.. and the 'Office hours are- from |
nln« to five snd seven to eight dally, and j
on Sunday from tea to one. - .'. . ¦ '• - ¦ .
San Francisco,- Sunday, 11 September, 190i. tJiBlHW*^:^ w
"' • '• ' . * ... 1 .
"• ~ry % . • . i:O* T7" '¦* 1 a.
IT UI .. LIXcU. Oil; Pv T 1 1 v>|]AS
aiter; the conclave, $35
W .A V - genuine leather Turkish rocker .of generous : J
proportions and superior construction. . Most com-
fortable rocker in the world and one that will last a .•
lifetime. The base is oak, weathered 'finish.
Sir Knights, and strangers !V Honor us with a
visit before leaving San 'Francisco and inspect the i
e " finest furniture^carpet and "drapery" store west of V1 -
New York. • s
' (Eormcrl^hc : California Furniture Co.)
261 to 28 r Geary St M at Union Square
_„, , ,, w j j-_^-o-^i-L-,_^- j- _ 11^^ 5 * -^—^^~- "•¦ *" — ~** —
W.- ¦'•: ¦¦: . Russian Imperial Embassy, Washington.
pf . The HAYNER WHISKEY which has been used st the Russian Embassy has Oft
pQ given universal satisfaction. It is an admirable household /£^ v // > +f£***D f-U
H HiH THE OMLY WHISKEY W3TH A MWxAL REPUTATIOH FOB m
m HIGHEStQUAUTY AHD PEHFICT PURITY, M
Wi P^wW Government statistics show that the famous Miami Valley produces better grain^ and
Pi llf^i'Ttoiq has purer water than any other section of this country. It is Nature's garden. Kignt m
fM ii 5 **, * J l. otea 'i the heart of this favored spot is our distillery. We have at our very door the two essentials sgg
Pi irc^&urt Mi for producing the finest whiskey in the world— the best grain and the pcrest water, aqq H
WsL pihJvntvorvl to these one of the most completely equipped distilleries ever operated and an experience raj
Pi v*W*W$!8m of 38 years in distilling whiskey and you have a combination that is unequaled anywhere. | .^
WM - H'Cf^lSPi That's why HAYNER WHISKEY is the best for. medicinal and other uses. That s why we
WM- ffi®W*&imm ' have over hal ' ft million satisfied customers. That's why YOU should try it. Don t lor- £¦«
Wi t i*\'\\ i Set that it goes direct from our own distillery, to you, with all its original strength, rich- 63
K$i LmfimL»\*&k ness and flavor, carries a United States Registered Distiller's Guarantee of PURITY and r -,
V& MM^Mmr$aS&^ ' AGE and saves the dealers' enormous profits. Your money back if you're not satisfied. |
Wmim^^ DIRECT FR9M OUR DISTILLERY TO YOU []
M'M^ 'x'^JpIIJto. Saves dealers' profits. Prevents adulSeratlon. r^j
; fSB^S^^wi! EXPRESS CHARGES PAID BY US H fei
&l'- D » flllR niTFLCR We wiU send you FOUR FULL QUART BOTTLES of HAYNER j J
'¦ SS!*&o>nu ***$*% WUH Urrtn SEVEN-YEAR-OLD RYE for $4.00, and we will oay the |
'^•^./v^/n-.-v. ' Ari^^^ I express charges. Try it and if you don't find it all right and as good as you ft I
' - - '.,---- *--"*? I ever used or can buy from anybody else at any price, then send it back at our £• I
w^V " " ~ ' _J& expense, and your $4.00 will be returned to you by next mail. Just think that Bn.
; PflLll^illJLiii^ offer over. Plow could it be fairer? If you are not perfectly satisfied you are. Lpl
not out a cent ' y* e sn 'P m a P lain sealed case, no marks to show what's inside. fj ; |
S^8^^P^^K ; S BTE5PTIC a beaut:ful cold-tipped class and BTIOCC 1 Pi
EP^^mBb W ¦atfit CORKSCREW SENT WITH YOUR ORDER ¦ flTlCl- J
I^^JBEBBBp^HBaBBalwBP^ -Remember, t Htyner quart is an honest quart of 33 ounces, 4 to the gallon, Juat oas-foorth j 1
9^^^*v9B8^UBH!§39K*"^ more than in bottles of other brands, really reducing our price just that much. tfi.. I
I EST S HED . THE HAYNER DIST.LL.rJG COSVIPA^Y m n ] i£F' &\
mjL 431 ST. LOUIS, MO. ST. PAUL, MINN. DAYTON, 0. ATLANTA, QA. f||Continned on'Page 27, Column 2.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Sept. 10.—
Claud.F. Beall, a fireman, on the Foft
Worth and Rio Grande, was shot and
killed last night by Harry T. Ross, an
engineer on the same" road. Beall as
saulted Ross 'with an 'air pipe coup
ling: and followed him into. the master
jsechanic's office*
Engineer Kills Fireman.
¦ Seated -<in>his.rr6om:_at^the' Palace
Hotel last evening, 'Henry Bates Stod
dard, .who i has been the*, leader • of ': the
Knights " hosts .'for.^ the . last
three, years,' 1 spoke a few;wqrdsjofjfare
well ? to*; the j people ; of .San Francisco.
On behalf^of the* order" ne" : expressed'the
Past 7 Grand ; 3Iaster j Stoddard , Thanks
v v , San '" Francisco ¦ for \ Hospitality.* :S . ;
VETERAN, .LEADER DEPARTS.
KOKOMO. Ind.. Sept. 10. — A steer
weighing IS 00 pounds, was strangled
in a small tin pall here to-day. The
cteer put his head Into a pail of tar,
thinking it was water. The tar on
the bucket rim hejd his nose and
mouth in the liquid until death - fol
lowed from strangulation.
Sticks His Nose Into Bucket of Tar
and Liquid Holds Him Until
He Strangles.
IMMENSE STEER KILLED
IN PECULIAR MANNER
• TSINGTAU. Sept. 10. — A Japanese
officer.passed through Tsingtau to-day
on his way to Kalchou. He says the
Japanese losses during the last few
days were very heavy, exceedingly
15,000, and that the Japanese killed
or wounded at the battle of Liaoyang
exceeded 20,000.
Enormous Japanese Losses.
those who spent their gold to light and
drape their, places of business is 'to be
commended. ( " The . city\ never", looked
more brilliant than during ; the .con
clave.; Recollection, that' will .come to
trfose. that /witnessed it /can 'have 'but
one'resuit-f^Inestlmable benefit to' the
cityand' the state.;, ; . ., "'W-"'''.
of the many -courtesies that have been
bestowed upon ¦ the \ Knights Templar,
as' well as"'rri'vs'elf,"duflhg' our sojourn
In California. I have been a member
and attendant of the conclaves. of the
order for. more, than a third of a cen
tury, and' I . say positively that the re
ception, courtesy, hospitality and warm
greetings have never been elsewhere
equaled. /Again, ¦ quoting the expres
sion _so often used, by the Earl of Eus
ton, [everything done by, the people
of, San' Francisco and the State of Cali
fornia has beeri- 'marvelous.' For the
rest I can but refer," you . to : the open-
Ing paragraph of my report to the
Grand Encampment." •
' v In'hls report the grand master says:
"Fraters, I ." bid •' you . welcome to . the
To the Knights Templar hosts a
salute and godspeed. The great festi
val of the world's most ancient order
is at an end and naught but pleasant
memories remain. Across the valleys/
the mountains and the deserts special
trains are bearing: to their homes the
crusaders that have surrendered back
the city, they, took by peaceful storm.
The hours of rest at hand give the
opportunity to look back over the
week and ask if all was .done that
could hava - been • done to make the
great conclave- memorable. . .
The answer is favorable to San
Francisco, and the Knights that dwell
within her gates and all her * people
are to be congratulated upon the re
sults achieved., And 'likewise are those
that have * been * her guests to be ' con-
¦;. ¦ In. speaking for .himself, .Mr...Stod
dard \ said: f, "I .. desire', to - express L offi^
dally 2 and v personally ' my- appreciation
desire to | thank Californians generally,
and San« Franciscans' in*, particular, for
the ' kindly,",. courteous", and; hospitable
treatment the Knights' have * received
during : .; -their;-. short, stay in the city.
The;, reception and care of 'the visitors
and -the -display. ;of /California's Ye"
sources,-he", declared, had been "mar
velous." ,'.- '. ' : /.^VV-il; -_.." ¦ " , < .
: The past grand^master requested that
"marvelous" v should . be . placed in
quotation ; marks, as it ! * was the word
often on 'the lips of 'the Earl'of Euston
during; his ! visit - here. ' ; Many . times i the
Earl; would lay his hand 'on; the grand
master's ; shoulder and exclaim: "My
dear,** friend, this: is marvelous; mar
.VelOUS!" .'; . •-'• '.'¦ •','¦.- . :-'' h ¦¦¦
gratulated. • Their oft-expressed ; ap
preciation of the efforts to make their
visit pleasant and ' their '. hearty co
operation in handling - events .where
co-operation .was needed smoothed the
way to success. . . ¦-,
San Francisco j Is also to be' congrat
ulated upon the ,. absence .-. of . catas
trophe during the conclave.* Neither
fire nor < stampede involving ¦ loss of
life i is to be recorded. . No . reviewing
stands collapsed nor. did wreck of I car
or boat occur. The precautions. taken
by - the authorities ' ,to ¦ prevent'* such
accidents ; served their ; purpose .well,
and as : a '• result • no . great '- sorrow i is
chronicled in the annals of the con-,
clave. . • ..' . '
liberality of those; that con
tributed toward the general scheme of
illumination and ! decoration and 4 of
Legions of Ifyigh/ts Depart and Wau
of the Great Conclave That Was Noteworthy in Its Results.
GAINESVILLE. Va, Sept 10.—
One-half of the militiamen who par
ticipated In the four days of maneu
vering were too badly used up to par
ticipate In the review at Wellington
to-day. The review closed the annual
army maneuvers for the Atlantic di
vision, the reviewing officer being
Lieutenant General Adna R. Chaffee
of the general staff. The review was
witnessed by the largest number of
people which has been attracted to
the maneuvers.
In Review at Close of
Camp.
Too Badly Used Up to Participate
MILITIAMEN ARE UNABLE
TO STAND 3IANEUVERING
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 10. — At the closing
session of the Hoo Hoo annual meet
ing, held to-day in the House. of Hoo
Hoo at the World's Fair, Portland was
selected for the next annual meeting.
The following officers were elected:
Si;ark of the universe, C..B. Rourke,
Petersburg. Ill; jabbefwocky. A. H.
Potter. Portland.. " .
Northern City Is Selected at Annual
Gathering 1 of Society at the
St. Louis Fair.
HOO IIOOS NAME PORTLAND
AS NEXT MEETING PLACE
Among those who addressed the
meeting were the Rev. J. P. Flint of
Harvey, O. W. Nixon, A. W. Gregg3
and G. McQulnn.
CHICAGO, Sept. 10. — Observing
the fifty-fourth anniversary of the
statehood of California and also their
annual reunion, morei_than 100 mem
bers of the California Pioneers' Asso
ciation met here this afternoon.
The officers elected succeed them
selves: They are: President. Aldia
Ballard; vice presidents, Thad P. Sears
and George -C. Custer; treasurer,
George G. Pope; secretary, George H.
Hotchkiss.
Celebrate Admission of California to
the Union and Elect Officers for
• Coming Year.
CALIFORNIA PIONEERS _
ASSE3IBLE AT CHICAGO
Judge Holds Man Is a "Plain Drunk"
• When While in Liquor He
Abuses People.
CHICAGO. Sept. 10. — The legal sta
tus of "jag" was established in Judge
Brentano'f court to-day when Mrs.
Louisa von Glostomski was. granted a
divorce from Valerian von Glostom
£ki for drunkenness.
Fred W. ltice said he had seen Von
Glostomski drunk frequently. "He
had a jag every week on lodge nights,"
he said.
"A man can have a jag and not be
drunk, can't he?" said Judge Bren
ta.no.
"When a man has enough of a jag
to abuse people he meets on the
etreets I should say he was drunk,"
replied Rice.
"So should I," assented Judge Bren
tano. "But when a man while in
liquor abuses people he has passed tha
jag state. He is then a plain drunk."
LEGAL. STATUS OF "JAG"
IS DETERMINED BY COURT
Upon leaving the hospital Bock
was turned over to the police anil will
be held on a charge of attempting
suicide.
NEW TORK. Sept. 10. — Frederick
Bock, who attempted to end his life
by shooting at his home in Newark,
N. J., last June, has recovered from
the effects of a shot which the sur
geons say passed through both sides
of his brain. When he was taken to
the hospital the doctors declared
there was no hope for his recover-
On the contrary, it has been found
'that the bullet did him good and his
mental condition is now better than
before.
Would-Bc Suicide Benefited by Shot
Intended to End His ,
1' Life.
BULLET THROUGH BRAIN" ;» :
IMPROVES ?3IA>"S 3IIND
OMAHA, Sept. 10. — H. A. Herrick,
recently editor of the Denver Sunday
Post, wax correspondent for the New
Tork Herald during the war with
Epain, graduate of Oxford and son of
an English Baron, is a fugitive from
Justice. The County Attorney to-night
f.'ed in secret an information charging
Herrick with bigamy.
Herrick is believed to be in Denver
or Spokane and offlcers of the West
ern cities have been notified to arrest
him.
Herrick's marriage to Miss Alma
"L'rlau of this city a few weeks ago
¦was one of the important society
events of the season. News of the ef
fcrts to cause his arrest is certain to
cause a sensation.
Herrick was connected with one of
the local newspapers until a few days
ago. He was a man of many attain
ments, who quickly made friends
cmong the best residents and his so
cial position was assured from the
first. He and his latest bride have
teen back from their honeymoon only
a few days.
X. A. Crawford, an Iowa attorney,
visited the County Attorney to-day
with the information that Herrick had.'
a wife and 10-year-old daughter In
Spokane, "Wash.
The first Mrs. Herrick was a Miss
Garbraith. The man left his family
in Spokane several months ago and
has not been heard from by them
since. Inquiries instituted by Mrs.
Herrick led to the discovery of her
husband in this cjty. Herrick is be
lieved to have leirned of his wife's
search for him and to have gone "West
to straighten out family affairs just
at the time papers were being pre
pared for his arrest.
The latest Mrs. Herrick is at the
home of her parents in this city. She
is .a handsome woman, the sister of
Katherine Urlau, an actress in David
Bcrlasco's Darling of the Gods Com
pany.
Herrick's father is Sir William H.
Herrick of Derbyshire. England. Her
rick was famous in college as an.
athlete.
Special P'*~ •?->> to Th« CalL
"All the courtiers of Europe are cor
rupt. They give me a feeling of'nau
sea. ¦ ¦.;-. v,
"To all who assert I acted badly and
am a fallen woman, I answer that they
lie. "My good name was scandalously
stolen from me. I am the wife of
Count Matassich-Keglevitch. I am
free."
Her appeals to her father, the King
of Belgium, she says, were unavailing.
The King was of a type exactly similar
to Prince Phllipp and espoused the lat
ter*s cause, against his daughter.
"I am old, but my heart remains
young and seeks affection," continues
the Princess in her publication. "I do
not- want to be a Princess any longer. I
want to be a woman, respected and en
vironed with love and regard. I have
had enough of the duplicity and cor
ruption of the courts.
Her husband. Prince Phillpp, she
says, was a drunkard when she was
forced Into a marriage with him.
She alleges he beat her and forced
her to pose for the amusement of hla
Intoxicated companions.
LONDON. Sept. 10. — Princess Louise
of Coburg. whose elopement with Lieu
tenant Keglevitch caused so great a
scandal, has published an explanation
of her eccentric conduct in Voorruit, a
newspaper of Ghent. In her letter she
makes some alarmingly explicit asser
tions:
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Famous College Athlete and Son of
English Baron a Fugitive
From Jnst.w.
Woman Says Her Name Was Stolen
From Her and Gives the Lie
to Her Traducers.
Deserts Family in Spokane
to Marry an Omaba
Society Belle.
Louise ol Colrorg Declares
King and Prince Were
Drunkards.
Once Noted War Cor
respondent a
Bigamist
Startling Letter Is
PuMsM by
Princess.
TWO WIVES
LAY CLAIM
TO HERRICK
DENOUNCES
FATHER AND
HUSBAND
SAN FRANCISCO BIDS GODSPEED TO TEMPLAR
HOSTS THAT WERE GUESTS WITHIN HER GATES
Alcazar — "Robert Emmat" •
California— "MarU oX ths Sow
lands."
Central— "Evil Men Do." Mat
inee To-Day.
Chntes — Vaudeville.
Colnmbia — "a»fflw."
riacher's — "Anhenser Push."
Grand — "Princess ran Taa."
Matinee To-Day.
Majestic— "In the Palace of tie
Kimr."
Orphsura — VaudeviUs. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli — "The Toreador."
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN ;PRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER li;. 1904— PAGES 25 TO 30
THE TBXATSS8.
rorecatt made at San Fran
cisco for thirty honrs eadlnsr
mlAnlfht, September IX:
Saa rrancieco and vicinity —
Talr Btmday; tog la tie morn
lur and at nirit; brisk westerly
Wind. A. G. KcADIE,
District rorecarter.
THE WSATKES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 103.
The San Francisco Call.The Xew Ycrk Medical Journal notes
the discovery that the lending cf masks
ty easterners Is a probable source cf
dlseas* transmission. Violent tubercle
bad^i were f rund in eight out cf f orty
two rttsks exami-ed.
I-i-x cirds. llinsr carinc**. loose I«a*
!p^i£*rs £=2 mil =:<^ifra srs^ms In czr
rt»tiC5«ry <i*r*s.rtr3eKt. Printing- a=d
twk*?~f»—f at lowest prices. S&nbcrn,
Vail & Col. T<: Mirket Ftrwt. •
Card System* and Cabinets.
Continned on Pace 27, Column 4.
Your correspondent, ."who was •work
ing his way south along the railroad,
passed a number of Russian troops
that had beea beaten back from
around Yentai. He also passed a train
bearing 500 Russian wounded to the
north. The road was filled with Cai-
the Japanese were again to possession.
General Ktxrokfs attack at Yentai
relaxed, however, and Geaeral Mist
chenko and his command were with
drawn from the Russian defenders cf
Yentai and sent over to the west side
of the railroad to make a demonstra
tion and to aid to covering the retreat
of the main army.
At 5 o'clock to th» arlernooa cf
September 2 two Russian regiments
which had beea beaten to the east of
Yentai retreated toward Yentai. They
were ordered back to the fighting liae
while still under a shan> Japanese
rifle fire.
The foreign military attaches had
beea escorted from Liaoyang to the
north. They left their train at a point
rear Yantai and proceeded to the di
rection cf the fighting between Ku
roki's troops and the Russians who
were attempting to hold them back.
Here the Russians had lost aa impor
tant hill position, only to regain it and
then lose it a second time. This greatly
discouraged the Russian soldiers. It is
declared that the immediate and pre
cipitous retreat of the entire Russian
army at Liaoyang was prevented by
the retaking of this hill, which lies to
the east of Yentai. The Russians, how
ever could not held the hill and soon
sian position to the coal mining dis
trict to the east of Yentai. The impor
tance and effect of General Kurokl's
dash to the rear of the Russian army
was particularly noticeable this morn
ing. . .
HILL TWICE RETAKEX.
AKF-rVTD.
S*r=r!i.T. S*rt. 1ft.
Pt=? Nsr?. - rh=»c=. 3 h«n frcn Pat tern !
i-t— i Been*. Pr«tU. IS fcccr» £r\.-=3 Sta
boa BKKti Bar.
Ear* Fr«s=^ Kiksrj-h. t$ ttr» tresa I
Niter**. «
St=_- R*:ri«r. Kissra. H hecr* rr= Sel- ]
"Tucr CtS2.S*'-i. Jesaes, O tccr* £r= E*a
5:=r A=r«:x rr--rise=, r.rUiii *ii JL»-
CrTSITE BOUND IX U P. M.
I> *i.:; Scc::.st Iiles. fr«s LiTerTOci. fsr !
Frkae*oc; Br *£i? ILuteri^rB. rrtzs Art- !
»«T>, ioc S*= Frx=ci*cc: «t:? Scltypf, tross. j
Niiisei. ?;* S*i Fr*rsr:*fo; t*J"i Gerard C. !
xriioKjk.xrt.-ii.
GRATS EAKBCS. S«tz_ 10 — Tt* H«>a P.
EVERETT. S<r*- 1# — Tie *ch3c=«r Essiya
«k taicesatuHy lxs%h«d at <S:li o'clock t»
r>esrEST:c ports.
CF.ATS HAKBOR— S«r.e£ S«7l IS— St=r»
Friscacc; ruj **• Errer. witli Aredsrr ia
tc*r. tcz Sa= Ptxaciacc; Kin Kr=* *rsl _S£a
nel. izr Krf^rrti?: tttrf iitzry VT^s;- «-<
WiysXOW— Armed Se;t 13— B*» jLu,
"pCRT~"tc"w>SX>.~V- S*iZ*i S«?t I»— Sshr
Tr<fi E. Sxr-:*rs. tie ««•¦?
AEEHr>ETN-5ti>4 Sert 10— Ti* ««*
E?««r. «"iis snr dre£r*r ir tr». ise
bx Sis. Fn=i»cc.
rCKETCX POSTS.
'•"."TCRIA— Arrrrwi Seyt IC— Br st=r J£x
ci*ra_ Bmb Izrerroei.
SSii>-; t*Tt t*— 5t=T T~— 1> : "« f CT Cjjj
rrg-=cj3>s^ Pi-ig«-i cct S*7t It — Ncr rL=r
LATE SHXPPIXG IXTELLIGEXCr.
WASHIXGTOX, Sept. 10. — The Jap
anese legation to-day recclvcd^the fol
lowing dispatch from Tokio: ."Marshal
Oyama reports that our richt army oc
cupied Yentai colliery and Yamelenw
Hill after the fighting of the -Ith and
5th.. The retreat of the enemy's main
force is believed to have been re
tarded."
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 10. — The
Emperor lias received the following
dispatch from General Kuropatkin.
dated yesterday: "Xo flchttos has
tnken place to the sphere of opera
tions and the enemy showed no per
ceptible activity on September S or 9.
Heavy rains continue, which do- not
permit of the roads drying or of their
being repaired.'*
MUKDEX, Sept. S/vIa Pekiiur. Sep
tember 10. — The rear guard of the
Russian army, which has been under
Gre for a week, has succeeded in bring
ing most of its transport and smns
through here. The Japanese are corn
tog by the railroads The Japanese
force under General Kuroki Is now to
the hills to the east of here.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 10. — The
crui*cr Izumrud .has ..been comnils
sioned and has joined the squadron at
Kronstadt. The latter will sail for
Libau to-morrow.
hauled to the summit when the forts
are taken.
Two full divisions are available in
this vicinity, under General* Oshima
and Tuchiya. The entire Japanese fcrcs
now surrounding Port Arthur is" esti
mated at SO.000 fighting mea. The Rss
sians are now using exclusively powder
evidently manufactured at Port Ar
thur. The smoke from this po-wd>r
enables an instant detection cf the
source cf the fire. The explosive power
of the powder Is far less than that cf
smokeless powder, which the Russians
seem to have exhausted. The Russian
shells are frequently discovered to b*
old Chinese affairs, filed down to £t
the Russian guns.
XEW FLAX OF ATTACK.
The Japanese plan for the ccmis? as- i
sault, it is understood, does not tocltide j
aa assault oa Etxshaa. The nature of
the ground, the Japanese have found at !
severe cost, prevents a successful issue, j
Etzshan, however, will be engaged by (
artillery from Louisa Bay and Shusii- i
yea "for the purpose of attracting the'
fire of Etzshan away frcm ths mala j
attack.
Your informant quotes an Argentine-)
colonel who is with the Japanese as
saying that the Russian defenses fac
ing the Japanese have been made with
a perfection undreamed of. The inner '
sides, cf the forts, however, are not
so well constructed and are supposed- J
ly far weaker.
With Rihlungshan and Kikwanshan
captured, the Japane3* will practlcany
control an entrance along the railway. :
and they contemplate assaulting ether j
forts from their weaker sides.
The Japanese cay they are prepared
to lose heavily ia taking Rihlungshan
and Kikwanshan. These forts, like a
majority of the fifty-four forts sur
rounding Port Arthur, have six-Inch
steel shields, loop-holed with rapid
fire guns at intervals. These guns, ac
cording to the Informant, and not
land mines, have proved most disas- ]
trous to % the Japanese. The shields!
are ircx>ervious to field artillery. Xoth- j
ing but siege gun3 win make aa im- j
presslon upon them.
ELECTRICITY A \TEAPOX.
The Russians send strong electric
currents through the wire entangle
ments surrounding the forts while the
Japanese are attacking.
Ths press correspondents with the
Japanese are only two miles from the
front, but the MHy ground prevents
them seeing anything.
The fighting since August 31 has
been unimportant. The Japanese
bombard daily in the morning, when
the sun assists them in aiming. The
Russians reply in the afternooa. when
the sun is la their favor.
The Japanese losses for the last five
weeks are placed at 20,000 men.
The Japanese authority for the fore
going statement of conditions before
Port Arthur says that Its publication
will not be harmful, as the Japanese
preparations are fully evident to the
Russians.
The range of hills crowned by Kik
wanshan and Rihlungshan have Irre
gular slopes, enabling a large force of
Japanese to rest securely some distance
up the slope. The Japanese have tents
pitched and they are relieved every
three days. Food and ammunition and
other supplies are brought them at
night only, for the reason that the de
tachments are obliged to cross a level
stretch before reaching a place cf
safety.
'The Japanese trenches, almost under
the noses of the Russians now, are par
tially constructed. The Russians en
deavor constantly to level the incline,
shelling the projectioas which afford
shelter to the Japaaese." who la turn
bombard to prevent the Russians suc
ceeding.
There seems little doubt that the as
sault on Rihlungshan and Kikwanshan
will be more trying than any that
the Russians have yet resisted. Every
thing which ingenuity can eu^gesz is
being done by the Japanese to render
the attack successful, particular atten
tion being Daid to measures which ea
able the Japanese _ to retain the forts
In the event that they capture them.
Among the contrivances to be employed
are numerous heavy movable shields,
which have been constructed at Dalny
and which will be used to afford pro
tection. .Guns and shields will be moved
as closely together as possible through
the trenches before the assault Is made
in order that they may be quickly
The work of constructing trenches Is
advancing rapidly, considering ¦ the
fire which the diggers are compelled
to endure. Preparations for the as
sault on Kikwanshan are proceeding hj
a similar fashioa. although the Japa
nese in the nearest battery bearing
directly on this ' fort are somewhat
more distant than those at Palichuang
are from Rihlungshan.
HILLS SHIELD JAPAXESE.
CHEFU. -Sept. 10, 10 p. m.— General
Xogi's next "assault upon Port Arthur,
which may occur early next week, will
be -directed chieflv against the" Rih
lungshaa and Kikwanshan forts,
which are the strongest forts oa the
northeast* flank. This information is
derived from an unquestionable author
ity.* who has Just finished a visit over
the Japanese line around the forts and
conversed Writh the Japanese officers.
who allowed hSm to make personal ob
servations. The elevation of Rih
langshan ia 250 feet. Three hundred
yards away, on the same range. Is an
other hill, so much lower that Rih
lungshan protects it from all bom
bardment except that from Etzshan
and Kikwanshan. This hill Is part of
a section which the Chinese call Pall
chuang. in the capture of which the
Japanese lost many lives. Here the
Japanese have strengthened two forts
previously mentioned in these dis
patches" as having been established.
This position is the foundation for the
Japanese preparations for the next
general assault.
bridge to get out of Liaoyang to the
north.
KURORTS FLAXK ATTACK.
It became known that General Ku
roki was making a dash around the
Russian left for the railroad at a point
fifteen "miles north cf here. He crossed
the Taitse River the night of August
SO and took the splendid Russian de
fenses at Pensiha with very little effort.
He continued to advance steadily and
turned the Russian left. His army cov
ered fifteen miles in c.uick time. The
effect of Its presence and movements
was . to force the Russians to leave
Liaoyang and retire in the direction of
the coal mines east of Yentai. He
.threatened to cut General Kuropatkin's
army of seven corns in two. - -
Your correspondent was eating lunch
eon." in the railroad station at noon
when the first Japanese shell struck the
foreign settlement. Within fifteen min
utes all the troops, hospital attendants,'
merchants and other persons in the vi
cinity had' cleared out, only a few Chi
nese remaining. The Japanese shells
continued to fall la*, the set
tlement. Chinese . under .the di
rectioa of Russian oScers were making
henied efforts to remove the stores and
ammunition from the railroad sheds.
The Japanese shells came from" Shu
shan. and a; Russian shrapnel fire was
soon turned oa the battery there. One
Japanese shell killed a horse a few feet
frcm the correspondent as the animal
was passing the telegraph cfSee. Others
burst, in the postoSce." in the hospital,
in the Red Cross tent, which had been
put up In the garden around the sta
tion, and in the public park under the
ancient ragoda."The crowd of. refresh
ment takers fied helter-skelter, with
restaurant keer*ers and ¦waiters," panic
stricken oncers and orderlies, soldiers
and the riJfraff cf the streets, all seek
ing refuge behind the northern wan of
the city. The Chinese immediately be
gaa to loot, but whenever they were
caught swift punishment' was meted
out to them.
SLAV RESERVES CALLED UPOX.
This was at noca cf September 1. Oa
that day the Russians filled all the
trenches, rifie pits and forts to the
west and south of Liaoyang with fresh
troops. They kept up a ccatiaual shrap
nel fire u->cn the Japanese approaches,
without being aware cf the exact move
ments of the enemy. During this time
the main body of the Russian army
was ia active retreat.
At S o'clock in the evening the Japa
nese shells were falling just outside the
western wall and ca the Russian helio
graph "station at the northwest corner
cf the city. Frcm this station the Japa
nese could now be seen. Ttey ¦were ad
vancing splendidly over the southern
hills. Their formation was regular and
open. The ranges of the Jaranes* posi
tions were known to the Russian gun
ners, who poured ia a terrible fire upoa
the enemy. A Japanese battery and
two companies of infantry were seen
skirting the main south road. They
were moving toward the city and final
ly disappeared behind Kowliasg.
The positions at Caiafactan were
seen to be deserted. The right Sank of
General Xodxu's army, had previously
taken up a position to the west cf Cni
afantun. whence his troops charged the
Russian breastworks. One Japanese
battalion lest every oScer in this
charge and a corporal was seen to' take
command. The Japanese Intrenched ia
the vicinity of Tishl. near where Gea
eral IvasoS had had his headquarters
the day bifcre.
"The Russian Red Cross wcrked con
tinually on the firing line.
The Japanes* shells fell thick over
the Russian battery located In a west
era suburb cf Liaoyang.'
Late that night, as the correspondent
was seeMng-a place to sleep, a wound
ed Rcssiaa soldier was borne past him,
sheeting out In. a delirious voice that
General Kurcpatkia had gained a great
victory over the Japanese.
At S o'clock on tha mcrniag of Sep
tember I the transport of 1 the Russian
army was still going out to the north
and the b*ad cf th* train -was almost
opposite Tenati. The fighting: -around
liaoyans -began : at daybreak, ; *. -when
shells .were thrown in from -the entire
Japanese line.*'- -,,/ .-.: - -¦-.. . ., .-/.-.
: General- Ktiroki severed, bis connec
tion wi^i the Japanese center army
and left the Anpteg . road . csprotepted.
Els army, was in front cf Use last Eus-
The fences around all the houses at
Liaoyang had been removed la order
to facilitate the movement of wagons
and trocr^. "Wounded men. of whom
none were seen oa the 29th. were trail-
Ing along all the roads from the south
and the southeast into Liaoyang on
the SCth.
The Russians made use of a field
balloon all day long on the 3?th and
by means cf it they got the range of
one Japanese battery, which they suc
ceeded ia putting out of action. As a
ireneral thing, however, they failed to
find either the enemy's batteries cr his
troops, while the Japanese continued
to silence Russian battery after bat
tery.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the
30th the Japanese shelled a Russian
battery, posted on a hill within three
miles of Liaoyang. but shortly after
At 10 o'clock on the morning of the
SCth. General Kuropatkin's staff moved
out of Liaoyang. At the same time
rifie fire was heard drawing nearer
to the railroad station, and this was
taken as an Indication of the advance
of the Japanese left army.
OKXTS ARMY ADVAXCES.
The character cf the Japanese ad
vance apparently had served as a
warning to General Kuropatkin to
make rcre cf his retreat, and . his
transport was at once seen moving
rapidly out of Liaoyang over the rail
road birdge.
Oa August SO the Japanese closed In
cjr-on the Russians in their mountain
position at Chlaf antun. Here the guns
were so dose to one another that it
wts almost possible for the battery
commanders to see one another's spec
tacles.
On Aug-ert 29 the artillery under
General Xodzu bombarded fiercely the
three hills of Chiafantun. Oa the
same day General Oku. in command
of the Japan left army, working his
way with rise fire and artillery, slowly
advanced along the railroad, in spite
cf the Russian opposition from neigh
boring elevations and fortifications.
The left army thus moved toward
Shushan- The Russian cavalry was
not able to locate the Japanese
trenches oa this advance.
LJAOY.OCG. Sept. 4, via Tientsin,
September 10. — The Japanese' at S
o'clock yesterday evening discovered
that the Russians had evacuatedUao
yeng and at 11 o'clock they sent scout
ing parties to the southern and west
ern walls of the- city. -At S o'clock
this morning the troops of the vic
torious army Quietly entered and oc
cupied Liaoyang. General Kuropat
kin's former base <and stronghold.
This success was achieved after five
days of glorious fighting.
After General Kuroki had noted the
march of the Tenth Russian Army
Corps, which ho had driven In from
the Anpins road to the plain, on its
way to Join the Russian center, which
General Xodzu had forced in from
Kaofengshi, he divided his forces sta
tfened on. the Anplng and Fengwang
chengr roads. He took care to have a
suSdently strong force on the Feng
wangcheng road, on General Nodru's
extreme right, and sent to General
Xodzu. who was pushing on with the
Japanese center army along the Meng
chlafang and south reads, one brigade
to Mengchl&fang. three regiments to
Chiafanmn and two regiments to the
scuth road. General Kuroki. la the
meantime, waited quietly with two di
visions on the south bank of the Taitse
River.
! Th* foreign military attaches who
were ia Uaoyang were. taken north
tader escort:
The ¦ corrcspoadent ¦ noticed on this
rr-cmirc aa uabroksa line of «rr>»-n»7T > t
tica ¦wagons, batteries -of artillery aad
Rcssisa troops csinx the railroad
General IvanoS and his command
were stationed en Geaeral Stalkel
berg*s right and facing General Nodzu
end the Japanese center army. Gen
eral Ivanc3 had succeeded the late
Lieutenant Count Keller in the com
mand cf the Russian Eastern army.
He had removed his headquarters
from the village of Tashi. In the mid
dle cf the southern plain, to a point
within the shelter of the city walls
and on the road wKch leads, to Tental
by & pontoon bridge across r i3r& Taltse
River. During the night of the Slsi
the Tenth Corps, which had assisted
in holding the Fengwacgchesg road
against the Japanese, began moving
its transport out of the city to the
north. The Seventeenth Corps, which
had not es yet been in action and
which T«as being heM on the north
bank cf ihe Taitse River, was'deploy
ed in the hiUs acd fr-»rf been partly
moved to the northward. Part of the
Fifth Ceres, which arrived here a
short time before the fighting com
menced, had been sent at once to the
front, while the remainder had report
ed with "the Second Corps and was
being held fa reserve.
All the trees a=d Chlsese graves oa
the firing line which in any way might
obstruct the operations had been- re
moved by the Rsssiacs.
On the mcreing cf September 1 all
the ccn-combaraEts were ordered to
leave L!»oyang acd the Russian Com
missary of Pclice ssst *a order to the
Chines* magistrate of the city that sil
Chines* murt leave LJaoyarrg within
two days. The Jap&sese were seen. to
be In possessisa of the Russian posi
tions »fShushan. and I: was learned
also ca the morniag of September -, 1
thai General Stalkelberg had with
drawn dislns the night.
The Chinese at Liaoyarsg became
alarmed asd they began secretly to
make Japanese fiars. There "was much
confusion thro^ghcat the c!ty. The
proprietors of foreign shops mads
frantic efforts to sell their stocks oa
the streets at ridiculously low prices
to any one who -would pay cash, or
esdeavcred ' to have . their property
loaded en railroad cars. The fiight cl
Japanese shells ever t he railroad sta
tion stampeded 'them, however, azsd
they fled in disorder, gted to get away
with their lives.
IVAXOFF FACES XODZU.
-During the night of the 31st the
Russians deemed the position of the
enemy to be so threatening that they
made preparations to fall back.
General Mistchenko was on the ex
treme left of the Russian line, with "a
division composed of cavalry, artil
lery and infantry- During the night
of the 31st his force was sent out in
a northeasterly direction to gain In
formation concerning General Kuro
ki*s movement around the Russian left
Sank in the direction of the railroad.
Mistchenko's movement was of short
duration and he soon returned to his
line.
During the day the Russian rifle
fire was indescribably furious. The
Russian trenches, for a distance of
several miles, threw out all day long
a continuous hail of lead, accom
panied by unceasing flashes of fire. In
spite of its continued ferocity this riSe
fire was comparatively ineffectual, the
Russians often firing without sight of
the enemy. This hail of Russian rifle
bullets did not cease before, 10 o'clock
at n&ht. It is estimated that 1000
Russian shells. -were thrown into the
valley beyond the south 'road, where
the only evidence of the presence of
the Ja^arrese was a^ Red Cross camp.
At nightfall General Stakelberg;
with the First Corps, was stitt facing
General Oku on the left. This Rus
sian corps hid lost 3000 men.
At 5 o'clock in the evening the fight
ing which had raged all day long cen
tered along the south road, where for
two hours there was a heavy artillery
fire and a-vast amount of ammunition
was expended. The vailey in front and
under the Russian guns during this
artillery duel \ras an inferno of
shrieking and moaning shrapnel, while
beyond the Russians* shells burst con
tinuously at the head of the Japanese
advance. -* - - .
There was very hard fighting at a
round topped hill In the Russian line
opposite the point where the two Jap
anese armies under Generals Nodzu
and Oku came together. The Rus
sian position here was protected with
wire entanglements and a small body
of Russian Troops absolutely refused
to retire. In one trench seven men
fought gallantly until they were sur
rounded by the Japanese. At the end
of this sharp fighting, the Russians
were hurling down sandbags upon the
enemy. They succeeded In killing one
Japanese officer and injuring another,
after which they surrendered and the
hill was occupied by the enemy.
IXFERXO OF SHRAPXEL.
The Japanese, from a low range -of
hills to the southeast and south of
Shushan. began shelling the northern
er.d of the Russian line at Shushan at
a quarter before 10 on the morning of
the 31st. This artillery fire was pre
ceded and accompanied by infantry
rushes over the valley and the low
hills south of the road. They began
before dawn and were continued until
c-venrrxg. the Japanese officers urging
their worn out ar.d fainting men with
the points of their swords.
this hour it became apparent that the
Russians had begun to hold their own.
By 4 o'clock in the afternoon the Jap
anese shrapnel fire \ras confined to the
position at Chiaiant;un, -where the
Kussi&iis were disputing every hillock,
with the enemv. The Japanese made
repeated but unsuccessful assaults
upon this position. The fighting of the
SCth came to a close at T o'clock In
the evening^ The Russian casualties
for the 2?th and the 30th totaled more
than 5000 men.
CHEFCv Sept. 10. — The Xovi Krai
of Port Arthur, in its issue of Sep
tember 3, apparently confirms previous
reports- to the effect that a Japanese
vessel was sunk while laying mines off
Port Arthur on August 31.
Enormous -Metal Shields to
Protect the Japanese.
Sends First Connected Ac
count of Late Battle, lit
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 10.— The
general staff frankly admits ' that,
whether General Karopatkin Intends
to remain at Mukden or not. the trans
port and baggage and a portion of the
troops will be sent northward.
Nogi Prepares for Tremendous
Assault on Forts.
War Writer Says Japan's Vic
tory Was Complete.
WAR BULLETINS.
PRESENT WEEK WILL DECIDE PORT ARTHUR'S FATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
26
DR. KILMElI-^SWAMr-KOOT.
A LliiV K TO tUR READERS
55 Cottm*. St.. M;'f;-f^ t I
De.ir Sir: '«?• UU *r.TIli '
-Ever sir.ee I w*s ia the Army. I had
exore or less kidney trouble, and trtth.n
the past year it became sj severe aaa
OKBj!lScate<l that I suffered everrt^ir.g
and w^s zixch alarmed— ay strength
and power were fast leaving ce. I M*
an advertisement of Swa=p-Boot and
wrote askinK for advice. I bei»n th«
u^- cf the meOicir.e «nJ noted a decideu
insproremer.t after taking Swanap-Boot
g:i*t a short time.
~I continued Its a^«* nr.d am thankful
to say that I an oniireiy cured and
stror.*. Is. order to be very s=r« about
this. I had a doctor examine" sense of my
•w-atrr to-day and he pronounced it ail
r;ght acd la splendid condition.
*[I know that your Siramp-Boot is
pafely rentable and does " not • contain
any harmful dreg*. Thankia* you *o*
my complete recovery ar.d reccsniendini
Swamp- Root to alL sufferers I aja.?
Very truly yours,
L C RICHARDSON.
You rr.&r k*»« «• sample bottle cf this
wonderful r«m«iy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root., seat shsolstely free by mail, also
a book tellin* all about Bwamp-Root. If
you are already convinced that Swamp-
Root is what yea ceed. you can purchase
the regular Cfty-cent and cne-dollar sire
bottles at . the Crag ctcres everywhere.
r>on't saie any mistake, but remember
the name. Swamp-Koot. Dr. Kilmer's
Swiisp-Roct. tnd th* *ddress. Bingham-
ton. K. Y- ca every beetle.
Espcciil attention i* iaTitcd to
tte
DOMESTIC HELP
and
SITUATION WANTED'
adrertisezsests.
Readers will also pro£t by care-
fully terrtirdrisg the
REAL ESTATE and BUSINESS
CHANCES
adrertisesiects ia THE CM-L.
I
See Pages 40 to 46.
j ADVEKTISE3IENTS.
I B. KATSCHINSKl
ll Phihifdphia-Slioe Co. t
II 10 THIRD STHEET. SJiM FUN6ISG0
»1 A".y~'-r Can m?.Aiag. '
LISTEH A MOMEHT
r A If yen tra£* -^itis ri» yn sar*
N nro^fr- V/e tare tie m**** *=^
H ma prices ar» Irrnvr ttaa *rs'.r.
I Asstrti'.rLS W.lZvrzl vrrxst tet
»J brtaM trad*. «O. TO TSOrTZ
t\ VIAT VS SAT. w* »C1 t*^T
B r.'.-. "b-s d^rIi^at*«S to *~7.
*1 Flrrt — Larf1«** Vld Khi txatela.
f| *tv*ral TAttrr *tj>* bc=si.«S *js-
A gtih^T. cs*.- two *tjA timm «tnp
B sz^izlM. wita rials cr be>-l~l
U ran;* hzzLA-*nr7.~A *}** *-'•*
ll at oaz raecB. «*><^ F £^»
M r-i to «. W!<Jt-tJ» AA tS EZ- V.«
II tut all Mixes i=» *¦-¦=& %:fJt-
I EXTRA 600D VALUE
tl None bettfr erer oiter^d tzr th«
II ccn«y. Ladle< Vid Kid Lac*
J Sho*s. irJt»» dull kid topaw Etyliaii
n c?-to-<iate taes with patent leather
H tip.3. pliabl* scZes a=<J t:?H Cuban
If he*U. XZDUCTO TO 51. f>5 ¦£
I! PATa. Sizes 3 to T. Widths C
i| to £L
I SI 60 f°~^S
I m
r ? Q J&JJS&fc jjf
8 A VERY NEAT FITTER
II This season's stv!»: La^Jj-aC
(| VIci Kid Oxford TI^s. wita <iuU
]i| d3t kid q-^arters. Fancy circular
\ varaps and wld» back s^ay. light
I soles and leather French h»e:«.
I TEE TXXCZ O3TI.T SI .COt Sixes
ll Z^rs to 7?a. Widths B O E.
1 CHILDREN AND MISSES
l| W*I1 ziade. reat £rt«r« «sd
1 1 *=rab>. Misses* and ChUdrea's
I Kid Lac* Shoes, with coin toes asd
tl pate-t lea.th«r tips. Tha illsses"
t| and Tcur.s Ladles* ?lr?s bar*
|J either spring cr ths ne-«r styta law
H Child's sizes. -5 to S ....TOc
ll Child's sises. »=, ta ll.......S^C
|| ilis-ses" sixes. 11 H tD 2. ...... 95<»
i-I Younff Ladies' sixes. 25j to «....
ij SUZO
r*i I >Mg Jgr^rj^ft M Jk f\ mm
1 BOYS' VICI KID LACE
H - II v ¦- -- pair cuiri- :a 1 13 •**&?.
9 Youths' a=d Ecy*" Ftaesx Vid Kid
fi Lac* neat, stylish ccta toes
H 2nd v-5 and soUd £^rzhi« sales.
rj \\ idths C 10 £2.
:\ Yoaiis* sixes. II tt> • Sl^Ul
g &*ys' siits. 2^3 to 5^ Sl.tiO
t^ Q^ ij £^ \ I Ce J| & 1 !-# •* %7S I I
X' - ' <- ¦ JSrT &^^ . <L#_ -'" -
EguHgBfv ncwni f\5 -K^ 1
I " ' " I If C^ B ry I ' j I
ItTSShBii Q 'L J ll m \ }-¦''¦¦*
imttfi^aS' *• - B ! i ?r- I
MUWmSH - \v" W jfT ¦'•". ,J
IB. KATSOHINSKI I
_^_^ ¦ ADVX3rriSE3gIXTS.
R Tte NEW SYSTEM CONOVER is a new de- R
It pasture in piano building, deviating from the stiff fB
jM box shape of the ordinary upright piano and making Sty
M a thisgof beactj and at the same time improving the J*3*
I/J already exquisite tone cf the origina! Ccr.over p:ar.o. vjjgy
t*j Thrrc -rr*r ms such a derr.sr.d for s p:mo as Tk^
W there cow is for the NEW SYSTEM CONOVER. BS
Wk Let us "tell you how easy it is for you to own a Xew V fj
|y System Conover Piano. Our special proposition will j[
JuSi 931-933 Market Street San Francisco. { *
ADVERXIShLtfFATS.
nBCOBIEiniBllIIBIIIIIBHinilllllllllll]
ffjMS_jff^ r ' A ' fI Payments
PARLOR BEAUTIES
This 3-piece srrit is in solid mahogany "and is cue of- the
most' arustic ever shown in the West. We carry all grades
of parlor sets, ranging in price from S17.50 upwards, also an
'iffirnenseVassortrEent ot odd pieces to make your selections
from.: -We would like to show you 6xs' stock, for seeing is be-
lie vingj and we are confident of selling you when you see our
prices. Our house is the lowest priced in the city, as we
have no rent to add to cost of our goods.
THE J. NODNAN FURNITURE CO.
I0I7-I023 MISSION" STREET, **"* s ***- Tou are cordially invited to view the
exhibition \ of , paintings , by A.' W. ., B.est, r
."Grand : Canyon" of.' the Colorado," -Arizo
na, < in • Kennedy & Co.'s Art Rooms, » 10
Post street, under Masonic 'Temple.^. , • v;
Sir * Knights and , Ladles.
Beginning one mile west of the head
of the Galops canal, in ' Canada, and
extending for over two miles, a chan
nel has been cut 300 feet wide. By
the use of this channel the large ves
sels ¦ now navigating . the St. ¦ Lawrence
are . saved the . tortuous • and. dangerous
passage by the south channel through
American water." ; •
; .The night • of * September- 2 was
marked throughout i by furious jrifle
flringr outside .'of Liaoyang. The Rus
sian troops were' In * athlghly/ nervous
and excited .; state.' ;^ They, A were --con
vinced ; that", the " Japanese • were .'creep-'
nese refugees from the • coal mines, as
well as wounded 'men,.all 'hurrying to
the rear. .. > ,.
..The ; cannonading ; came to an end
when. the snn went. down., Throughout
the night of September 2 it broke out
again fitfully, .but the periods were
of short duration. ' .. . . ¦ . . .
JAPANESE V VICTORY COSIPLKrE.
The ' morning, of September ' 3
showed ' that General . Kuroki /had • not
attained his -obie'cC but .'.the ...victory
of the> Japanese over the Russians ap
peared to be complete. Russian troops
and refugees , from Liaoyang, in rick
shas, were . pouring . north " along the
railroad .and over ; the ; main highway
on_their way to Mukden.
-; \The I Russian . Dress - censors who
were stationed ; at .* Liaoyang, ' Yentai
arid ": Mukden J ' had /rfled: to :*. Harbin.
Newspaper -correspondents ¦ were in
structed ¦ '-.'to'' send ' their^ : telegrams^ to
Hafbin.V 34O:-,mlles : up the : railroad
from : Liaoyang. .
Continued ', From; Page \ 26, ; Column 6.
The actions of the Chinese at Liao
yang, when the change In masters of
the city occurred, was astonishing.
They had fattened long on the Russian
occupation, but as soon as' the Japan
ese were known to be coming in they
made itady with their newly manufac
tured Japanese flags to greet tho con
querors. . Chinese shopkepers ' at on.ee
hid all the goods in their possession
which bore Russian marks. Thte was a
wine i-recautlon, as .:he Japanese tr<:oy3
"later looted all such property, even
br<*aking into neJlral premises svhjers
it had been placed -for safe, keeping. .
' Just before th«S Japanese entered the
city many Chinese resorted to the
fumes of opium, and . a* the Japanese
EcldJer*. marched through the streets of
Liaoyang they spia3hcd the mud and
fiUh of the roadways upen Chinese ly
h'tf drugged and . sensoiess \i\ the low
op'um Joints .fronting in the narrow
alleys and passa?«*.
A's-ny, of the. Japanese soldiers bad
been without proper or sufficient food
for the ; last three days of the great
battle and this fact has r>een advanced
In excuse of their "apparently outrag
eous looting. . ..' . x
.'On account of , the, scarcity, of.wood
the Japanese are burying large ¦ num
bers of their dead instead of cremating
them.' '?"¦'* ' ' .'
ing at Haicheng and Anshanshan,.that
the war had not begun yet and that
the Japanese were playing a very dan
gerous game. It was generally believed
among the Russian troops that the
Japanese were enlisting boys- and old
men in their- ranks,. for otherwise they
could not account-»for the large 'num
bers of soldiers opposed to them in the
held. The attitude of many of the Rus
sian troops with regard t<j the fighting
ability and strength of the Japanese fs
changing, however, and the more intel
ligent are beginning to give the enemy
full credit for;his sagacity and worth.
The majority . of Louisville's com
mandery took their departure from
San Francisco yesterday, but' it will
be several days before they will pass
beyond- the State line, for they came
West with the avowed purpose of see-
Ing as much of California as possible,
and before returning to their ' Ken
tucky homos their object will have
been accomplished. A number of the
Louisville Knights started northward
yesterday over the Shasta route with
a view of seeing Northern California,
while others' took the coast route to
visit the southland.' It is the inten
tion-of the members of the command
ery to eventually reassemble In St.
KENTUCKIANS SAY ADIEU.
; The twenty-ninth triennial conclave,.
Knights Templar, was most fittingly
wound up last night by an ._entertain
ment of brilliant proportions by Cali
fornia Commandery No. .1 at the Me
chanics' Pavilion. ¦" From the .opening
of the doors at 7 o'clock until midnight,
when .'the band played VAuId Lang
Syne,", a steady stream of the repre
sentative people of the citv and many
visitors poured in and out .through, the
portals of the doors. It is • estimated
that during this closing festival - at
least 23.000 were present to bid a.fare
well filled with .pleasant memories to
this great conclave. '
•By 8 o'clock every seat was filled
and'hundreds stood craning their necks
to get even a glimpse of the drill of
the. Third Congregational Cadet Corps,
which opened \ the , programme of the
evening. Thedrillwas in command of
Captajn.R, B.' Moore and Lieutenants
A. A.' Moore and W. B.Oisen. It lasted
twenty-five minutes and- was greatly
applauded. The cadets . looked very
fine In their uniforms— blue coats,
white trousers and white helmets. .
Next came the California Command
ery Drill Corps, commanded by Sir
Knight R. P. Hurlbut and Lieutenants
T. A. Clarke .and Henry Ray.; "The
drill lasted forty minutes and every
movement .was rewarded by thunders
of applause. It consisted of the fol
lowing evolutions: The passion cross,
the GretJk cross, the x maltese cross,
triarigrjes, single and double circles,', the
regulation Templar, manual' and. the
sword manual. - The drill was regarded
as almost perfect and . received ., the
highest of j praise from the
Sir Knights present." As the, corps left
the hair the vast audience arose.. and
gave ' them a • mighty cheer.. , .
. Following this came a concert at the
California headquarters in . the • art
room, the artists who took partln this
being L.; A. Larson, E. Boysen. Miss
Rogers, Mme. Caro Roma and Eugenia
Barker Mills. A', grand bali-f brought
the festivities to a close.
Just before midnight Bennett's .Band
struck up. "Auld Lang Syne," and' the
body of Sir Knights in the hall,- headed
by Commander CM. Plum,' marched
around the great hall" and then up
stairs to visit the ; different command
eries. This brought the great function
to a close and the Immense 'crowd of
people filed out Into the streets.
The receptions of last evening closed
the social . functions* of • the 'conclave.'
To the efforts "of the 'ladies ,1s largely
due. the: success ; that; attended v them
and to none Is more credit due. than tb
Mrs* William E. Pettes and Mrs. J. , W.
Heldt, who saw that all that came were
entertained and 'made at home.
California Commandery Winds Up
Conclave With Brilliant
Function.
DRILL AND BALL END ,FETE.
.: Upon the assurance • of a of
thestaff of General Zassulitch' that the
evacuation of ; Liaoyarig_would npt oc
cur " before I September t \4, the ¦ corre
resporident^- devoted bis attention \ to
caring . f or Chinese wounded .until
iiJghtf aH,- but, during ithe .night all". the
Russian sentries j were, withdrawn from
, Liaoyangr. the .-pontoon." bridges across
the.. Taitse \ Rive. r were hurriedly re
moved the Japanese entered and took
possession of the city and . the corre
spondent was taken' prisoner before he
was aware of what had occurred. «.
; The ; battle of Liaoyang Is accepted
here • as determining the mastery, .'of.
Manchuria. r In" it the 'Russians : were
fully \ equal., in numerical .strength;,, to
the . Japanese, I who had approximately,
180,000 in the field,' The. Russian ar
tillery was . superior r, in range and
rapidity of fire v to that- of the Jap
anese. ; The Russians forced ; the Jap
anese attackers to take dangerous po
sitions'' by. intrepid assaults. : In many
instances ' the Russians Jost more men
behind their breastworks than' did' the
attacking : Japanese: V ¦
In the fighting on the plains, .where
the Russians ..believed . they /would
have :.the upper hand because . of their
superiority, in ; cavalry : arid « of '. the ; op
portunities^to« deliver bayonet ¦charges,
the* Japaiifese : resisted successfully.; . "
;.-ZThe = Russian losses- in '.the fighting
around * Liaoyang are estimated v at : 10
per : cent • of < the"' number : of jtfoops * en-'
Two' hundred and twenty Chinese,
who", had been wounded by the shells
fulling v inside i the city, had been
brought together j at the Chinese . Red
Cross station and were , being .'cared
for. ' It- was apparent' that the Rus
sians were. using the. walls of the city
for protection.- This the Japanese dis
covered and consequently they con
tinued to throw shells into Liaoyang.
The number of Chinese wounded in
creased. ¦•_" * -' ; ¦¦ J ;'*" _ '"¦': ,.; >..v,V :
MANY- CHINESE! WOUNDED.
ing forward irresistibly all the time.
.The. morning of September 3 saw
the resumption of the cannonading
at dawn and the vast clouds of smoke
which arose slowly from the burning
warehouses in the foreign settlement
at Liaoyang could be seen for a*dis
tance of , ten miles. As the corre
spondent was .attempting, to get into
Liaoyang he. heard Russian cheers in
the direction of Kowliang, to the west
of -the railroad, and it was reported
that General Mistchenko had been
successful. in clearing the enemy away
from' the Russian, right flank.
General Zassulitch of Kuliencheng
fame, with 1000 men,. on September 7 3
was smoothing the road north of Liao
yang for. the retreat of the. Russian
artillery and troops. He was also.try
ing to put -into effect various devices
calculated to 'delay the advance of : the
Japanese. /'" '. '",:... .:'. '¦'¦¦,' .'
. When ;the correspondent passed the
fire-swept, bed 'Of ..the Taitse River.on
hit- ivay into Liaoyang at noon of Sep
tember 3 the Russian .infantry had re
tired from the immediate front to.
shelter behind the south wall "of the
city. ' OJpon getting into Liaoyang ,it
was seen that Japanese rifle bullets
were falling around the railroad sta
tion and that all the stored lumber
and. wooden bridges: in that vicinity
were in .flames. ' ;>V^i/'/. ' '
GRAND TRUNK OFFICIALS
ARE STILXi UNDECIDED
Terminus of Road Will Be at Either
Tucks Inlet or Port
Simpson.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept. 10.—Pri
vate advices from Port Simpson, B. C,
state that the Grand Trunk Pacific
party, comprising Charles it. Hays.
F. W. Morse, William Wainwrlght and
three engineers, inspected the harbor
to determine its availability for termin
al purposes. They announced that their
choice would be either Port Simpson
or Tucks Inlet, which latter place they
are now visiting. .
gaged. The Japanese assert that their
losses were very heavy. ...
The fact that the Japanese artillery
maintained Its fire for six days'with
out diminution astonished 'thwRua
sians, who could not account J»T.;the
rapidity with which the. Japanese
must _ have transported their ammuni
tion. . -.'-. »'•'
The Japanese are preparing 'to -make
Liaoyang the headquarters of "their
Manehurian armies. . The Russians
have fallen back to positions along the
Hun River, south of Mukden.
The railroad has proved itself to be
inadequate for the requirements of
the Russian army in retreat, and the
belief- is. expressed here . in certain
quarters that the active campaign is
at an end for at least -four months to
come. • • • -i ; » .'V'"'
To Explain Voting Machines.
The Election Commissioners- will
instruct the voters in Precincts. 9, 10,
11, 12, 13 and 14 of the Thirty-flrst
Assembly District how to use the not
ing 'machines recently purchased by
the city for use at the November elec
tion. The lessons will be given next
Tuesday night at Eintracht Hall, 237.
Twelfth street. ' ' ' - . .
As a means of defense for women in
case of attack from a ruffian 'a stiletto
hatpin is about to be placed on the
European market." It is made of fine
steel that will bend but not break, has
a fine," hardened' point and a. handle
with which to grasp. the weapon.* .';
Louis, where, they will visit the ex
position. ¦ • ,
The departure of Sir Knight Charles
D. Meyer, dean of the Louisville drill
corps, was keenly regretted by many
who helped to entertain the Kentuck
ians during their stay in San Fran
cisco. On him devolved the duty of
providing for the comforts of his fel
low. Knights during their Western
Journey and their visit at the Golden
Gate, and that he fulfilled his task- in
a satisfactory manner was attested by
all the members • of the crack drill
corps. He Is a past commander of
Kentucky and has been a member of
the Louisville drill corps for twenty
one years, during which his interest
in the success of that organization has
never waned. When . his corps car
ried off the trophy in the competitive
drill at the park' his loud cheers were
plainly heard by the assembled Ken
tuckians, who re-echoed them with a
vim, for they all realized that Meyer,
who has not participated in the drills
for. several years, had enjoyed the re
alization of one of his long cherished
hopes.
At the beginning of the five days'
fighting: the hotels and pleasure resorts
of Liaoyang: were deserted, soldiers and
fflif-ers having been ordered to the
fighting line.- But as the men came
back into the city from the front many
of those who could indulged themselves
in such pleasures as the city afforded.
The Russian soldiers persistently un
derestimated the strength of the Jap
en^so, and in Liaoyang the statement
was often heard, even after the fight-
LIAOYANG. Sept. 4 (via Tientsin).
Sept. 10. — Many foreigners who ob
served the Russian troops at Liao
yang before the battle which resulted
in the Japanese occupation of the city
ere of the opinion that the Russian re
verse was the result of the last four
months of failure in the field — of what
they term the "demoralization" which
btgan at the battle of Kuliencheng.
The task of General Kuropatkin seemed
to be hopeless. The railroad during
the month of July scarce sufficed to
bring into Liaoyang enough Russian
troops to replace those who were lost
by drain, sickness or wounds during'
the month, and it was estimated that
the Russians would have to outnum
ber the Japanese two to one in order
to bo eut-cossful against them, while
puardm? the railroad.
Scenes witnessed in Liaoyang before
the big battle gave evidence of a cer
tain degree of demoralization on the
part of the Russian forces. After the
Japanese had won their first successes
at Anshanshan and KoafengsSi and
v ere advancing rapidly on the second
line of Russian defenses, some of the
Russian officers who had been on the
fighting line flung their responsibilities
aside immediately after they reached
Liaoy&ng and sought forgetfulness of
the hardships of their past work and
the danpers of the future. The Pa
goda Garden was gay v.ith merrymak
ers. There was much drinking and the
sounds of music and the singing of
cafe chantant song^ in women's voices
va« heard from the officers' quarters
In the foreign settlement.
Wild Disturbance Precedes the En
gagement at Lfaoranj;.
RUSSIAN" OFFICERS CAROUSE.
WOMEN WHO WERE UNTIRING
IN THEIR EFFORTS TO ENTER
TAIN VISITING KNIGHTS.
"I fee! that I can hardly do justice
to the unparalleled hospitality of your
city, and in all my Templar experi
ence of over a third of a century I
have never seen anything like it. I
can only repeat the remark made to
me many, many times by the Earl of
Euston. 'It is marvelous.'"
Eminent Commander Charles M.
Plum, for California* Commandery,
made a brief reply, thanking Past
Grand Master Stoddard for his kind
words and after wishing him godspeed
the deputation with.drew.
"Sir Knights of California Com
mandery: I have sent for you. to ex
press my gratification at the splendid
manner in which you have conduct
ed your portion of the conclave. I
do not feel physically able to write
you a letter at present, but on my re
turn home I will take pleasure iZL
writing my sentiments to you.
RUring Grand Master Henry Bates
Stoddard Speaks of Arrangements.
A pleasing ceremony and one of
gratification to California Command
ery No. 1 took place at the Palace Ho
tel yesterday morning. The retiring
grand master, Henry Bates Stoddard,
on the previous evening notified the
commandery that he wished to see a
delegation from the commandery bc-»
fore his departure. Accordingly a
deputation consisting of Sir Knights
Charles M. Plum, O. F. Westphal, R.
P. Hurlbut, Carroll Cook, Thomas
Morton and Joseph M. Cumming
called at Mr. Stoddard's room yester
day morning. The retiring grand mas
ter addressed the deputation as fol
lows:
COMPLIMENTS COMMANDERY.
TOKIO, Sept, 10. 9 p. m.— general
Kuroki. advancing to the northwest
last Sunday and Monday, forced the
Russians to retreat to Mukden- It is
reported that the Russians,' after Mon
day's fight, carried more than 10,000
wounded north of Mukden. It appears
that they ingeniously removed a ma
jority of their dead, but left more than
3000 dead in the vicinity of Liaoyang.
The retreating Russians saved their
guns, but abandoned and exploded
their ammunition. The number of am
munition carts found In the trenches
was enormous.
The Japanese casualties have not yet
been reported.
On Sunday night, at 10 o'clock. Gen
eral Kuroki's central column attacked
a strong Russian force at Tallenkou,
cast of Tentai. After a night's fierce
fighting the Russians were driven
westward. General Kuroki's left col
umn, working west, occupied Langyipu
on Sunday afternoon, the artillery
shelling the retreating Russians for
thirty or forty minutes. Kuroki's right
column advanced northwest of Wang
mientzushan, twenty-five miles south
of Mukden.
The Russians continued to retreat.
Their rear guard of cavalry holds a :ine
extending northwest of Hsiliho and
Shanchiatzu. The Russian outposts
hold a line of covered trenches on the
heights east of Panchiagao. A body of
unknown strength remains at Kuchi
etzu, Pachiatzu and Kaulinpao. The
main body of the Russians retired to
Slukdcn, burning the bridges across the
fc-ha River.
HOGI PREPARES FOB BIG ASSAULT
/.'/Trade in'the Far East is now at a
standstill.' 'Every^ one,- especially 'the
Chinese, would welcome •' intervention
by. the powers" to stop the war."
"With 400,000 men in the field- the
Japanese* have no excuse for their fail
ure., Kurppatkin's', large arniy "is .a
myth. The-slowness with which the
campaign has been' conducted affords
the Russians. a new opportunity to get
more troops over the Trans-Siberian
Railway! , Heavy reinforcements : are
absolutely necessary . to secure success
for L the Czar; In ..this.. lies the. only
chance of .Russian victory. . ;
"Japanese, strategy, has 'been success
ful only provided the object of the war
is to seize Korea and occupy, perma
nently :the Liaotung. Peninsula, up to
Mukden. : This, , however, is contrary
to Japanese diplomatic representation.
"However, it. is rumored that the
powers are to be conciliated by conces
sions' of .customs .ports In North China,
the. United States getting. Newchwang.
DELAY AIDS THE RUSSIANS.
"Now the troops of the Mikado; with
victories galore to -their credit, have
legs chance of final success than they
had some months ago. ' Strategically
the Japanese campaign in Manchuria
is a failure, because, conforming to' the
national desire to posses Port Arthur,
,the Japanese devoted too . much force
to. their endeavor to take that fortress.
They devided their ; strength, and the
result was that they failed- to crush
Kuropatkin.-- - - . ...... — ...
"Military authorities say- that this
movement cannot be called an envel
oping movement, being merely an at
tack on Kuropatkin's left flank. The
guards; division of Kuroki's army was
not seriously engaged in the fighting
on September 3. It had been hurried
northward to reinforce.^ the twelfth
division on the morning of that day,
but the extreme caution of the Jap
anese held the guards in reserve, for
fear of a counter attack by "the', Rus
sians on the left center. . . Such an at
tack was impossible, owing to the long
line which was necessary to the Rus
sians to cover their position.
"Kuropatkin's safe withdrawal and
virtual victory, place him in the highest
position as a commander. In a mar
velously short time he has reorganized
an inefficient army, badly officered and
ignorant of the science of war, into a
good fighting machine under -perfect
control. This was done with a" large
percentage of the same troops that had
been defeated again and again by • the
Japanese.
CHICAGO, S,ept. 10.-— John F. Bass,
war correspondent for the Daily News
of this city, reached Chef u to-day
after some months spent with Gener
al-Kurbki's army. In a cablegram to
his paper, dated to-day, Bass is un
sparing in his criticism of the Japan
ese commanders. He declares that
the Japanese have 4 00,000 men in the
field, while Kuropatkin's army is
much smaller than the Russians would
have their foes believe, and is -made
up for the most part of raw Siberians
whom Kuropatkin has gradually
whipped into an effective fighting
force after they had, been repeatedly,
defeated by the Japanese. •
Bass declares that the Japanese, by
their, slowness, have, forfeited . their
chance to destroy the Russian force,
which. now is practically out of dan
ger and only awaits the arrival of re
inforcements to turn the tide of war.
The; war writer has only words • of
praise for the Japanese troops, whose
utter fearlessness Is marvelous, but. he
says the strategy- of the Japanese of
ficers merely, consists in sending these
brave men straight ahead, no matter
what the obstacle.
"After passing months in contriv
ing an exact combined movement from
the . south and west to crush the Rus
sian army at Liaoyang, . the Japanese
failed," he says, "through: the slow
ness and timidity of their, strategy, to
throw 'a. sufficiently' large, force from
Kuroki's army far enough to the east
and north to cut oft* the Russian re
treat. They might have annihilated
the Russians when, after fighting one
of the greatest rear guard battles of
history, the retirement from Liaoyang
began on the nighjt of. September 3.
"The Japanese right wing, consist
ing of the twelfth division only, was
then thirteen miles east by north of
Liaoyang, calling for' reinforcements.
ONLY A FLANK ATTACK.^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Enormous Number of
Wounded Men Are
Removed.
Back From Campaign
With the Army
of Kuroki.
twenty-ninth triennial conclave on the
golden shores of the Pacific. Almost a
quarter of a century ago we met In
this good city of San Francisco.
Knightly greetings, expressions of
friendship, hospitality unbounded, such
evidences of affection induced us to
embrace the earliest opportunity again
to grasp the hand and listen to the
loved voices that so charmed us in '83."
In conclusion the grand master's re
port says: "J£y term of office is a
thing of the past. Peace and prosper
ity encircle our organization. My
labors are over. God be with you till
we meet again."
Mr. Stoddard also expressed a de
sire to thank Reuben H. Lloyd, W.
Frank Pierce, Charles M. Plum and
Frank W. Sumner, to whomi he said,
are due in a great measure the success
of the conclave.
One of the incidents of the conclave
that went to the heart of the. Templar
leader more than all the decorations
and honors conferred upon him was
the decoration of his daughter, Char
lotte Stoddard. by the Earl of Euston
with the cross of the Great Priory of
England, Ireland and Wales. Another
gift was received by Miss Stoddard
that was also as pleasing— a beaten
gold pin from the California Command
ery.
Mr. Stoddard, accompanied by his
daughter, leaves this morning at 8:15
for Salt Lake, where they will rest for
a few days before proceeding to their
home at Bryan, Texas.
Slav Gorpses Strewn
on the Scene of
Battle.
John F. Bass Says
Japan Has Lost
Her Chance.
THOUSANDS
LEFT DEAD
ON FIELD
CRITICISES
LEADERS OF
BROWN MEN
THE ¦ SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, i SEPTEMBER 11, 190*;
Continued From Page 25, Column 6.
Commanderies Hold
Their Closing
Reunions.
SOCIAL SIDE OF CONCLAVE
COMES TO SUCCESSFUL END
27
DK. 1'IEKCETS ItEMEDlES.'
"WHIZ 1 1
WALK A MILE"
Is a laconic definition of a toboggan ride.
It's quick work going down the slide,
but it's a loag climb back to the starting
point- It is very much that way with
health ; it is quickly lost and slowly
'"* v ''"vi^j: ty-y* 3 **! regained. W"h«?n
—^~—Jji'%£f~^~ the first symptoms
"'Ik Ir"*- °* n S t^ 1^ a P*
£ &T- V^ 21 * proper care
•*-^J> CS-» in *y prevent ' the
.%.s~$ifi\[ t£~ descent to utter
,^i^'» /// w^~ weakness and debil-
I Z»»TljMta£^M^ eased condition of
l/Z&l SaFSsil. axe p e rf ect^7 cured
?|'T^r^^^Sr H Medical Discovery.
1^ l\* 1 TrW 1 ' fc cures through the
r!JL/.lJ-,,.,»i#7?f 1 stoiaach disorders
rn v^^/^-rrr.pjfl I stomach.
bol in the "Discovery," neither opium,
cocaine nor other narcotic
•T mi all ran down ; bad bo «ti earth • bad
ebarp tltrUag pains all through me ; nead asd
twek ache rrerr Amj." write* Mrs. Frank Ca*>
well, of Salamanca, if. Y. -1 wu alao troubled
with a^iatreaaed feeUng in the stomach and pala
in front of the hipbones. X had a aearere eonrh
and It nearly killed'me to draw a long breath,
J was so sore throors my lsnn.
•I wrote to Dr. Pierce, telling toy ¦ymptoma I
at near aa I could. He aeat me a very kind
letter. adri»inr me to try hi* medicine*, which
I did. and before I had takes them * week I
was deddediT better. I took two bottles of the
' Golden Medical Discovery ' and two of the ' Fa-
Torite Frescriptio*.' and am sure I serer felt
better is my life thaa whes I quit takinr thesy, ¦
Dr. Pi tree's Pleasant Pellets itxe a cure ]
for hilkmsneaa. ¦• ¦ I
' Tkl A* j^yggS^jfe^ : We are the sole
if uCR u which we c * n
f% • ¦ very best con-
VnQOIQ 0 d& ;: *™ftg&%&%%m& structed stove in
UUUUIQ.O U^SM^^^Bm the market. Win
W I i^a ' ' " ' per week buys one
.wood Burned J ¦ " ¦ 1 - !
Plaques, in an f \ t|1 i -j
endless variety of /. 4 •. *HL
scenery of ¦ San ¦ "
.FranCiSCO and Vi- CnHr! Oalt r f#nt»r ' Table
cinity; leather fsxis ' ln?h« with -heli Full size Hanging Meat
trimmed; -«%r> ¦ and turned lejrs: <p4 p Safe, with screens on three
each .. /SQ quarter - sawed Tkl IS sides and shelf. Regu- xn^
.........;. and piano polish •P***^ lar $1.25; for ,.this I) JC
Regular price 50c. '- Regular • price |2.25. week, each ...'......-
EASTERN OVTFITTING CO.
1320-1328 STOOTTON STREET.
WE rUBWISH HOUSES COMPI.ETEI.T. ALL CAES IEJLD TO . OtTS
. STOKE. COTTHTXT O1U3ESS SOXJICXTES. '
- '.¦ ' '-¦- ¦¦¦¦ . - '..¦" ¦¦'• ¦- ¦- ¦¦-. ' -Advertisements." " ~ ' .' ¦ •' ¦
MEN OF NATIONAL PROMINENCE
GIVE STRAIGHT-FORWARD EVIDENCE
That Pe-ru-na Cures Catarrh Wherever Located.
ChasHw. Bowman. 1st Lieutenant and f^^^^ m^"^ m T^T m \ Peruna operates Hon. D. L. Russell. ex-Congressman of
Adjutant 4th M. S. M;, Cal. Vols., writes 0^^ «f i m m e d i a tely to .North Carolina, writes from Wilmington,
from Lanham. Md., as follows: . f.^Thir P*SS? neSves" N « 9? as follows:
'•Though somewhat averse, to patent Medicine.. . tofi^ to the mucous "/ cheerfully join with United States
medicines, and still more averse to be- la - ho other lnWnarc^tewh'JSSSd/tSt Senator Pritchard and Congressmen Black-
coming a professional affidavit . man, it has proven effective in all cases. . burn and Linney in recommending feruna
seems only a plain duty In the present ' in- " as an invigorating tonic"— D. L Russell,
stance to add my experience to the col- Pe-PU-na Cannot Be Imitated. peruna Js the onl rellable tatemal
SS «tlll«Sp£Li 0nCernm9 C " ra ~ Some thJ "Ss may be successfully imi- remedy ever devised to cure catarrh, no
"l P hn,lL*n ntrSarl* > WffW hv ,7, but Peruna cannot be. Everyone matter where Jocated.
I have been particularly benefited by its purchasing Peruna should look out for If you do not derive prompt and satls-
use for colds in tne head and throat. I imitations. Examine each package care- factory results from the use of -Peruna.
have been fible to^ fully cure myself of a fully, if you have ever used Peruna or write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
most severe attack in forty-eight hours by if you have ever tasted it, you are not in full statement of your case and h« will
its use .according to directions. I use it the slightest danger of being misled by be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
as a preventive whenever threatened with these imitations, but all those beginning vice gratis. ;* ; \ b-
an attack. the use of Peruna should beware. Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
"Members of my family also use it for Believe no one who tells you that he Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Ohio.
like ailments: We are recommending it to has a remedy that is mak .g the same All correspondence held strictly confl-
our friends."— Chas. W. Bowman. cure3 that Peruna is making. dential.- -The. ravages; of -drink in' Edinburgh
have/it appears, reached the worst pro
portion ever known in the experlerica of
the ' Edinburgh Lunatic 'Asylum. ' -
During :}903Uhe Paris underground
railroad,, carried. MOO. 107, 631 ;'passen
.gers, an increase'of 60 per cent over
the previous year.: Of r th« total num
ber".of tickets' sold seven-tenths wire
second . class fare*. \^&fe|tii . "
During the last year the* railways of
South Africa have placed contracts in
England for 1750 steel cars, to be de
livered at once. Some of .the cars have
a carrying capacity of over thirty-five
ROSWBLL, N. M.. SepL 10. — Juan
Chavcs, aged 134 years, Is dead.
Chav«s was the oldest Mexican in New
11 exlco and was : born , in . the Pecos
Valley, when this Territory was a. por*
tion of Mexico. --
Lived a Century and a Third.
Secretary Mcllck- Convalescent.
; \ SACRAMENTO; ' Sept> ; 10.— W. -^ ¦ S.
Sfelick,' secretary* of the State' Boa.rtl' of
Examiners, who . is at- -a sanitarium
near Santa Rosa,'; l3j improving-" in
health and expects to be out In a short
time. ¦ -•• ¦
BELLINGHAM. .Wash., Sept 10.—
The Pacific Packing and Navigation
ship America and the bark Harvester
arrived from Nushagak with 400 men,
Including 150 Orientals; and 1 about 50,
000 cases of salmon, the season's. pack.
Harvester mul America' Return.
BERLIN, Sept. "10.— The Protestant
provincial newspapers to suggest to the
Government that the ,, betrothed wife
of Crown "Prince Frederick ....William",
the Duchess Cecelia of ' Mec^klenburg-
Schwefin, ousht not ;to be called Ce
celia": after her ¦marriage. They regard
this as a'ri objectionable name 7 for; a
Prussian Queen and German' Empress
because it Is associated with a Catholic
saint. ¦¦¦¦"¦" " . ¦ ' : " •-*-*"•*-' .
ciated With Catholic Saint.
Suggest That Crown Prince's Fiance
. Change . It Becftwse It ' Is Asso-
PROTESTANT NEWSPAPERS*
DISLIKE NAME OF CECELIA
Strangers are' possibly not aware that
San Francisco is' the' most injpbrtanf fur
cehtcr. and that mostly all tho entire
collection I 'of \ Alaska .skins ' reach thla
port before beinr r distributed to - other
parts of the United States and: Europe.
We therefore cordially welcdme those
who would liHe to vlalt a rare collection
of furs and fine specimens of skins, such
as we are now exhibiting. at. the. St. Louis
Exposition. It would be well worth your
while to pay a visit 1 to the largest exclu
sive fur house la the world. - .-• •¦ • v ;
H. LIEBES & COMPANY. Incorporated,
• 1S3-135-137 Post Street. • ' >
San Francisco;; California" •¦•"¦
Invitation to. Strangers.
' The London Lancet says it has been
shown beyond any possibility of doubt
that rays are given off by active
muscles and nerves.
The wives of Siamese; noblemen
have . their hair, cut -in pompadour.
r style. It is usually about one and a
half inches in length and sticks up
straight, like the hairs in a •blacking
brush, i
Sept,. 10.— The sale
of State school books since the first of
July has amounted to $100,000, and
there are orders on : file for $5000 more
to be delivered in the next week.' This
is the largest business known in. the
time indicated. .' " ' . '
Big Sale of School Books.
REDDING, Sept 10.— A full-blooded
Indian was In the Superior Court , of
this county to-day to. press a suit, for
divorce against, a dusky Indian wo
man he took for his wife less than a
year ago. His name is Moses Philpot.
It is alleged that his wife deserted him
without cause. He was granted an In
terlocutory Judgment The case is uh
usual, as Indians in this part of the
country do not follow the white man's
law in marriage.
Proceeding Unusual Among Redskins
Is Adopted to Secure a ...
Separation.
SHASTA COUNTY INDIAN j
* IS GRANTED A DIVORCE
PORT JERVIS/ N." Y.,' Sept 10.—
During a severe electrical storm
which swept, over this section many
houses and barns struck by
iightnlng; At Hartwood a woman
and her' daughter* were probably
fatally injured. ' A 1 fcolt entered the
kitchen and struck a flatlron with
which the daughter was ironinjj. The
current ran up her arm and- felled the
mother ,who was standing near by.
The roof of the house was torn off.
Current Goes Through Her Arm ahcl
Strikes Sfother. Who Is Stancl
ing Near By.
LIGHTNING STRIKES WO3IAN
OyOliKlNG AT IRONING feOARD
A carload of trunks and dress salt
cases just received at a saving of 50 per
cent in freight. If you are In need of a
trunk, vallpe, dress suit case, wrist bag
or anything in the leather goods line,
come and sec the largest assortment and
lowest prices in the city. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market 6treet. •
A Carload of Trunks.
Board of Survey Condemns Buildings
Damaged by Earthquake Sev
eral Years Ago.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— A board
of survey at the navy yard, Mare.Isl
and, has recommended the construction
of new marine barracks at that point,
to coat $100,000. The present buildings
were damaged by an earthquake sev
eral years ago. •
NEW BARRACKS' NEEDED
FOR MARE ISLAND 3IARINES
TACOMA, Sept. 10.— After a long
chase, extending from last January Dr.
ptto ¦ A. Martiny has been located and
placed under arrest at Eagle Pass, Tex.
He is wanted for forgery of school war
rants at Eatonville,. about thirty miles
from - Tacomo, uttering worthless
checks, 1 erhbezzlement of funds and
other irregularities. Martiny is an edu
cated rrian,_ a graduate of Heidelberg
University, but has lived in the State
of Washington for several years, prac
ticing medicine at* Granite Falls, Seat
tle and Eatonville. . ' '
Washington Man Accused of Uttering
Worthless-. Checks" Is Captured
>""..*! ' ' < in- Texas.
DOCTOR PLACED UNDER
: ARREST FOR FORGERY
WILLOWS, Sept. 10.— The. steamer
Red Bluff, belonging to the Sacramento'
Transportation Company, struck a snag
a short distance above Jacinto and sank
In shallow water. A hole eighteen by
five feet was torn in the side of the ves
sel, causing the" water to rapidly fill the
•hold.
The swift current will soon tear the
vessel to pieces unless liberated. At
tempts to do so so far have failed. She
was piloted by Ryan and was - under.
Captain Gonzales. is
STEAM BO AT RED BLUFF , i
SINKS IN LOW WATER
Vessel Strikes a Snag Near Jaclnto
and Is Probably a Total
"•,">•'.' - ~^ : :r :r Loss. ¦•. ..¦¦ •
REDDING, Sept. 10.— The Clipper
gold mine, near the town -of Kennet,
which has been in litigation for many
years, ltf to be reopened and developed
on an' extensive scale, So says J. M.
Barron of San Francisco, who was in
Redding to-day and' who owns a con
trolling 'fnterest in the- property. T.j£
says that half a hundred men "will be
employed there in thirty days.
'Barren has fought fourteen law stilts
over the Clipper and won every one of
thj&m. He believes that- he will not be
stopped now by any further litigation.
Valuable Property Near Kennet Will
Soon Be Developed on Elab
orate Scnle. ¦'¦
WILL : REOPEN MINE
AFTER LONG LITIGATION
MILTON, Sept. 10.— A grass fire
which started near Copperopolis ad
vanced rapidly and for a time the town
was in danger. Many of the citizens
had their movable effects ready for
immediate transportation, but after
burning the Burnham residence and
adjoining barn, with al Its contents,
the fire was sufficiently deflected to
render the town safe.
Fire Threatens Town, but Ends When
Residence Is Burned.
COPPEROPOLIS IN PERIL.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 10.— The Cath
olic University of America filed an an
swer in the - District Court to-day,
Bigned by Cardinal Gibbons, vice chan
cellor of the. university, to petitioning
creditors of Thomas Waggaman deny
ing that Waggaman committed an act
of bankruptcy by transferring to the
trustees of the university a deed of
trust to certain tracts of land owned
by Waggaman and stating that this
deed of trust was to secure an indebtr
ednees to the university of $876,168. .
Prelate Says That Treasurer's Deed
Was to, Secure Indebtedness to
.Catholic University.
CARDINAL GIBBONS ANSWERS
PETITIONS OF CREDITORS
' SEATTLE," Sept. ioi— The pack of
all varieties of salmon in Southeastern
Alaska up to September. 1,. according
to information received by local
houses, aggregates 393,800 ¦cases.."' Of
this total" there are 2 01'; 5 0.0 cas$4' ? of
jeds, 180.300 cases of pinks and-I2,
"000 cases of one-pound tall kingi
The figures oh medium reds are riot
given, as that pack was still in prog
ress and -will not represent " a very
great total."- These figures are claimed
'To be as" 'nearly correct ¦ as if is pos
sible to secure at this time and- will
riot varv much ' from the statements
returned by the canneries. \ Very few
of the canneries have equaled -their
pack ot last ;year and gijfe|$dditlon
many establishments were? closed up
entirely this' season. -. : .
The reports have already been re
ceived from the'Westward and Bering
Sea "districts and th<£ total shortage in
the red Alaska' salmon pd,ck for >1 90 4
can'-'iafely be placed at 400,000 cases.
The -oackjori'. medium • reds has not
been completed, while the canneries
have finished wUh the pinks. On reds
there .will : ; toe -a few moce cases put
up,^Vb_ut; not ; enough to materially
change the figures given. .The totals
show, a p$ck of reds nearly as large
as last year for Southeastern Alaska,
but Bering Sea notes a big decrease...
Output of the Canneries in
the North Not as Large
as That of Last Year
SALMON PACK
IS DECREASED
j LASSA, Tibet, Thursday, Sept. 8 (via
Gyantse, \Bept. 10.— In a Bpeech after
signing the treaty with Tibet on Sep
tember 1, Colonel Younghusband, the
British political agent, pointed out that
the British had avoided interfering in
the smallest degree with the interna
tional affairs of. the country. They had
not annexed any territory and had
fully recognized the continued suzer
ainty • of China. They had merely
sought to insure. the observance, of 1890
that trade relations between India and
Tibet should .be established and that
Tibet should not depart from her tra
ditional policy in regard to political
relations .with other, countries.
Youngimsbaiul Gives Assurance That
V .'. His Mission Is Not One of
Conquest.
BRITISH NOT- SEEKING ;/•¦
TIBETAN TERRITORY
The remarkable feature of the. filings
is that although the land was thrown
open to entry because jit was Bald to be
more suited to agriculture than for
estry, yet no homestead filings have
been made at the La Grande office.
On the contrary the filings have been
made by men who declare that the land
is chiefly valuable for timber. Out of
S6S0 acres already filed upon, 5000 acres
was taken with scrip and 36$0 under
the timber andsttme act. ¦'' -
PORTLAND, Sept. 10.— An Oregonian
special from Salem, Ore., says that, ac
cording-to information received from
La Cffande, scrippers and timber land
claimants are taking the lead in filing
on thft'land recently withdrawn from
the proposed Blue Mountain forest re
serve by the Secretary of the Interior.
Few Claimants Are Making AgricuK
ture Filings pn the Section
Recently Opened.
WANT BLUE MOUJCTAIX" * ;
LAND FOR ITS TIMBER
LEEDS. England. Sept. 10.— At the
final session of the Trades Union Con
gress to-day William Abraham, mem
ber of Parliament for the Rhoddna
Valley, division of Glamorganshire,
and J. WIpnaJl were selected to repre
sent the congress at the coming labor
conference in the Unitd estate*.
Will Represent British Labor.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 10.— Word was
received here to-night of a forest fire
on Big Sulphur creek, in the northern
part of Sonoma County. It swept over
Black Mountain, and surrounded and
destroyed all the buildings, of the So
noma Consolidated Quicksilver Com
pany, near Pine Flat. The company's
loss probably . will be $2000, the only
buildings known to be saved being the
office and cookhouse. The Sonoma
Consolidated is composed principally
of Santa Rosa men, and last year they
built an immense new smelter at a cost
of $15,000. # .
To-day's fire recalls the last con
flagration in that section twenty years
ago, when Pine Flat, then an impor
tant settlement and prosperous min
ing camp, was swept out of existence.
It was only two years ago that the
work of rebuilding commenced, the re
sult being a revival in the quicksilver
market.
Fire on Sulphur Creek Leaves Ruin
in Its Wake.
BIG S3IELTER IS BURNED.
ST. LOUIS, Sept/ ." 10.— Among the
speakers at the Admission day celebra
tion . at the exposition ; was Park Com
missioner Frank Sullivan. His subject
was "The Pioneers* of. California." As a
member of Santa. Cruz Parlor of the
Native Sons and as a son of a pioneer
of j 1844, Sullivan was well qualified to
speak on the subject. He said:
"The pioneers were of all nationali
ties, but all had American sympathies.
They were Celtlc-Saxon. The history
of California is that of the pioneer; she
was his child. The name of California
has for the Calif ornian a significance
pf its. own because of its romantic ori
gin. The character of the pioneer has
hot been understood. He was the most
stalwart and energetic of his race. His
was a case of the survival of the fittest.
'There were two classes of pioneers
one: came before 1846, the other after
1846, the date of the discovery of gold.
They were heroes. All men love heroes,
and when they have .them not they
create them."
Mr. Sullivan showed that the pioneers
were entitled to the grateful remem
brance of Americans, especially of Cal
if orniaris, for these reasons:
First — For their courage and .'endur
ance in overcoming all obstacles in
their journeys to the Pacific Coast.
Second— Because they made Califor
nia one of the United States.
Third — Because they discovered gold.
Fourth — Because they settled the des
tiny of the Pacific Ocean favorably to
the United States/
Fifth— Because they made California
a free State.
Sixth— Because they saved the finan
cial honor of the United States with
their gold.
Seventh— Because they lived without
a regular government, yet within the
bounds of law, from 1846 to 1850.
Eighth— Because there was no pov
erty during the pioneer days.
In conclusion Sullivan eloquently
said:
"All honor to the pioneer, for it was
he who taught the American the value
of self-reliance in his/conflict with na
ture and with his fellow man. All
honor to the pioneer, for it was he who
established the principle that under
American Institutions man must be re
garded as a brother. and as a moral be
ing superior to forms of government,
to statutory rules and to trappings of
authority. All honor to the pioneer, for
it was he who by his magic touch dis
solved the spell of centuries, opened the
doors of treasuries v of untold wealth
arid saved* the financial -honor of the
United States. All honor to the pio
neer, for It was he who placed the
great Pacific Ocean in the power of the
American people. All honor to the pio
neer, for.it was he who set in the con
stellation of the United States, the
thirty-first star to add a golden luster
to the splendor of those which form
the gldry of the republic."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Urges Americans to Hold in
Grateful Remembrance the
Heroes of the Golden Days
HONOR THEIR MEMORY
Park Commissioner Sullivan
of Men Who Blazed
the Paths to the Far West
PAYS TRIBUTE
TO PIONEERS
THE SAJSj; F%^
28
ADVERTISE31EXTS. , ?
: ''^kJ£$J&'ji8F&k't?aa9**9k >«**Sk W woman ' s happU
Mm'-i-^- is her nature to love
w'*^. , - \ beautiful and
pure. , 1 he critical-ordeal ttorough which th,e expectant mother must
pa.ss, however, is so fraught with dt.-ad, pain, suffering and danger
that the very thought of it fills her with apprehension and horror.
Th<jre is no necessity for the. reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of- Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the commg event that it is safely passed without any dano-er. Thi»
great and rwonderfur : .; \----' .
of women through .. : : . ¦:
the trying » crisis without suffering, ffl*^ ****£ — ' B
, Sf nd for tn* book containing; Information £$38 EflB*&$fflLJ^ <^^i i^i»
•f prlctless vala* to all expectant mothers. mg ffl fflf EriS &1 M ffl IS
The Bradftefd R«2«lttbr- Co;. Atlanta. 8a. K B S 'r B ***&
mm mms
For health and pleasure; core your rheuma-
tism malaria, liver, kidney, with the natural
hot baths and wonderful stomach waters at
SEIGLER SPRINGS
Arsenlo beauty baths, mineral swimming pond:
climate perfect: 30 guests sleeping out among
the pines: reduced rates; booklets at PECK'S
or of H. H. McGOWAX. Selgler. Lake County.
xjudb's auar store.
*" ¦
t^f&S*r^'- 431 XEASZTT ST.
Dealers in Firearms, Fishing Taekl* aad
Sporting Goods of All Descriptions.
Cam? Outfits of Tents, Bags. Stoves. Leg-
gings, Boots and Shoes. Send 3e postage for
100-page catalogue. : . -.
OWN In mouataiaa CA3EP
STTililEB HOME of Sonoma Co. ME71KE3
Pur» water, equable* climate, lots sailing $10
up; cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express:
talephone, sawmill; BOO lots sold; 800 cottages)
built. Sausallto ferry. N.E.R.R. M. C. Mf,EK-
ER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
liniTTl /%Menlo Park, cim hoar from
U 0 I I P\ cU *- NIn « ***** «»Uy. Psr-
ilUI I I &J fect climate; beautiful plae«;
ssws s s w conjjort quiet; axceUaas
table.
Address W.J.MEREDITH. Mgr.. HottVs 8chooU
TBS TAUAC, XJ1XS TASOS, CAi.
BOTH PLAN'S — AMERICAN and EURO-
PEAN. Rates: AMERICAN— $3 per day and
upward. $17 60 per week and upward. EURO-
PEAN — Kooms. $1 per day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
Ing suaerlor to any resort oa the lake,
aiASX "WXST S2SXVGS.
H. KOENER. Prop. MRS. J. D. DROST
and MRS. H. KOENER will manag* sprlscs;
many Improvements: new cement bathhouse,
and gas all over place; $3 day; |10 and" $13
week. Office. S33 Larkin st.. cor. Geary, or
Martc West Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No. ft.
HO WELL ML, WOODWOBTH'S f ftj*:
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and lnvlgorator. Residence 29 years. $t
per week. Wood worth & Muller. St. Helena, Cab
HOSTS SHORE HOTXI. — On Toxnales
Bay. Goad table and accommodations. Hou*»
6a«-l!$htPd. Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marahalls. Maria County. Cat.
BCHASTES'S OBOVS — BOSS VA1O.It"
Private xioardins: terms reasonable. Team
meets Sunday morning trains. Address MRS.
MATT LINDSAY. Ross Station.
ORCHARD HOME— Health, rest, comfort!
pleasure: beating, bathing; fresh milk. esx*.
fruit; I? to CO weak. J. F. ORK. Duncan j
Mills. Cat . .
MISCELLANEOUS.
aftSjSWEMI</VYErN
KJ&"**?; DR. HALL'S REIN VIOOIiATOZl
yon ss ; stops all Iossm and uanatur** Ais-
S ¦-¦_ - - I charges In 24 hours;- You r«-l «n
iS3 bSSJ i:"V >rovi * nl «nt trom the rtrai rloae.
ITIrl 7i I w# havt to much confidence In our
Vvk] IVfe treatment that We o«sr Five Hun-
h^S _ pw <5r«d reward for any cast we can-
T a *"*" La * s 'not cure. This secret remedy cure*
wst power, nightly emissions, wasted organs,
varicocel* gUet. strictures, kidney*, railing
memory, drain* In the urine, eonorrhea au-
ease of ihe postate tclanda and all other .terri-
ble effect* Of ¦wlt-abUii* or excesses, which lea.l
en to consumption and death Positively cu--«
the worst cases In olil or young of that mortl-
Tying condition. Quickness of the discharge and
wanting to do. snd you can't. Sent sealed. $3
t»«r. bottle: tfcrs* bottle*. $5. ' Guaranteed
Call o»"iulires« or*er» KALL'S M*"DICat.
INSTITUTE. «M Broadway. OakUn-IO^l
Also fcr »aU st 1 0T3 % Market st.. 8 V.' W»J
*OT . ir** . rook- - ; ¦ « i, -
RR TI F 5S r° R BARBEUs/ B A-
UIlUOilLiO ken. bootblacks, bath-
J;r. W .r.. nookbtnder^ J^Tk^^c^^
«ytn. ncur mills. fc«i«iir!ts;-5undris.Tp«pJri
hur.sers. printers, palnfrs. shoe facu.rieL
itsolemen. tar-ro^fer».Manr.e M . taltors* tte .
' _ niXCHA2TAK. BBOS^ ,"
Brash Maaafaomrrr., 60& Sacramwto St.
•Weekly : Call $1 per Year
_ ADVEKTiSOIEXTB.
.VrtHS. *fff
DR. HOLSMAN
The Master Specialist
STEICTXY SSZ.IJLBIS.
3Com TJtsa 17 Tears' Success.
Ccassltatton Trf at OQci or by
Kail.
I make no mtaieadinr atat*m;nts cr
«ec«ptlre propoaltiona to the aifl'cud.
N«!ther do 2 promic* ts care them IN A
FEW DATS In orfler t« a««:re th«1r pat-
ronare, but I rnsrantM COMP1.STR
SAFE AXD UAKTIXG Ctmr la th«
QCTCKEST POS6IBLE TIME, without
Wvlnr lojuriou* after rS«cta In th« art'
t«m. ard at th« lowect coat poastbl* for
HOXEST. FKI14-TUL AND BVOckssZ.
FTL TREATMENT.
I CURE all cases of 'WEAKN'E3R."
rrRrcTuiuc vauicocklk. spccxfic
BLOOD POISON. Nn^VOUPN'ltBB CON-
TRACTtD DISORDER*. KIDXKT an«
BUUL'ER TrtOTJBI^ES snd n$tx com-
pllrjttlona aod asa&lal* dUe«s«s and
yTealmesvva of nen.
I HAVK CTRTD MORE MEN THAN
asy othrr physician -co the coast. Mr
trritaitats ar« mert rational, xnor* modern
aod tsort «ffr«tlTt than »r.jr other Phr-
sictsn practicine In the Wettl My treat-
ratnt elves Tim. vlgoT 4 rltality, str«ncth
and ambition to weak and despondent men
roanr or old. msrri^d or single. r*«»rdleis
of the canse of tirclr trouf.e.
O —Q
TTXB BEABOITABUE — I do not
trmat «87 maa to ft«l ths,t he Is
taable to pay mt, at I sJwayc ar-
nuurt my teras la pftymtnts to
¦nit their convsBtsacs, and doubt-
luff yATTE JTTS MAT TKBAT W-
JTIX. OTTBXS BjerOSS P&TIira.
o ¦ ¦ o
If you cannot ealL write for ques-
tion list and fret boo*, describing my
ipeclajty. Correspondence conQdentiaL
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
729 ZCASXXT ST. (Top Floor.)
Hours— 8 to 6 dally; 9 ts 12 Sundays.
(ivtotT DR. JORDAN'S great 4
dSUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
0 O lcaXJ£ZZ?l7.tot.f:M7&,C.r.C«1.4
\ Mr Ta« L»rre»t A-Bitontol Mu*cs» Ir. tt>« \
f) . J- , W«fld. W*4ka«»*w or tuy coanMt«4 H
• fflcSlJ <!•»«« i»»rtl»»»«r«air»4hyiK€»l<it»t T.
Q /col S>P*tlH!«to« tktCout E4Lj6yt*rv Q
0 ll*£zl ° 8 ' J8R0AM— D!S£ASE» OF MEN A
• V G&fii » Cortaittuoe ft** tnd ttrirtljr print*. \
A i T/W 'l Tf "'" cr ' per-on*Hr <* t>r »«ti«f. A Q
V r fjf X\ V /hiIim On a irtt} tui ladntUa. \
V * if • V raanniAOK. mailks vntt. (ay
\ n 1 Miasbtc bMk tor a»m) \
V ritt. J 3DA5 * «».. J«» Market 8t.;S. T. Y
(£%£»s£2jj' TTEJiC SYlTMJlCfb t&Hfaia^a $B£5MS3&>. . ©"^ J&%8RS!l&. VSsb^^^3L
300 Couches below factory cost. That's what our buyer ; to one-half regular price. More. than that,. the safe price will b^
secured last week. It was simply a case of a manufacturer hav- ' the same for cash or credit.. A' very fe\v dollars will put one
ing more couches than money. We bought them at our price, of these couches^into your home. A few samples are' given be-
and the sale begins' to-morrow. The whole stock at one-third - low.. We will hold any. . /.
V In Satin Dimask t^i oe iy "HANDY COUCH." Put one in -vour . .„¦, '.¦, ¦loin iop, roil SluCS. *-^^_/
at u a , v*+^ j dining-room. Sechqw. good it is to rest after ; ••¦¦
"THE DERBY" six-foot tufted steel spring dinner; or in your parlor or bedroom or den, $15. IMPERIAL COUCH, oak frame, carved
Couch. In various designs of pretty Cyl Qtc and cover it with cushions. A good <^n tzf\ claw feet; assorted tapestry, cover- <£Q o/»
dzinasks ../ V^'^J bed, too. Now . . ings <J>iJ«OD
w » vtOi* Ovl LOuCn. vvOitol) Brfi ri'aW^*^"^ (oo en P L # C 1 c C c ¦ rttu - * 1 "' O*»* • vl*l vOUCn TO 1 %Jii«J •* * — 1?
"THE ROCOCO COUCH." Elegantly tufted. T* 1 *-^ • ; ; - $37^50 "LION HEAD" COUCH. Strona: as
Designed in sweeping scrolls to conform to the aa.so SCROLL COUCH. Made with double its name implies. Coverings in all colors' and
curve of the frame. In any color f OO Off scroll of solid oak. finished in ve- qi/> :£*CZ >n tne latest check and embossed CIQ flfa
velours. This week 4)oOi»»3 lours and qorduroys. This week $IO«O«J velours ..... \pl*f»UU
* r f^r-fv T^^^-^^v^^yprgs^i^^^^^^^a j n a pantasote that will yvcar nearly as well as «%.Ju
&— Strictly Old Mission J^J / ! h ?. g .T. i . n .^ 1 " t^ r ..^ $10 Sanitary Steel Couch
A finer couch for dur- | _, u «---_an— _ai__i ¦ - '- ' ' ' ' " ¦
ability and com fort, wan flffi^ffitsSfr *^?ffW^BSPitt^8^3)^^^^M^SBB"^KB^BHBHiRBBHItH18HIBraaW^3!tyF^ 'S*^fff**TfflT e T? l Bll'HFI?ffiWPTTCM Br '^ Made of woven Car-
* i*v« r made. lit wood r.C":'. 'i? * -¦-' --v^a^^^
Is of neathfrfd oak: Its fl\ B^ y. ¦nwfrHln jBtffiBar^^WHffH3S**™i^^a l^^f ffP^ ncgle steel. Uted for
sfjfTrd with clastic feit t*^.'^ .>, »^^\\\¥fj^ WkW^Ss^^^M^^ 1"* forever. 'Now
snd sewed with lace t^S^ tt 1^% M\% I %[ VI U 1 % 1 %\ \ WV1» ill HmffiaraH '
Irather. This couch hf, &^$pi/4 Mt»A \ \^^^ A\\^ \\\L^S^CKJ^MSSsBS^i .
this week PWHg»BaWa^«»^La»^aa»BMiBMi«aaa^Ba^^^*m«ii^B>i<(aaj^|Mfmijm lt»W]3-XLj^ fc .«ASiJ-J L L- J^l^^tSffvB^^m^^JlBJS^^^^^rm ' 7 '
I ADVERTISEV1ENTS. ; ' : "' ir
A GREAT SHOE UHf
! tCT F^ r^ : /C? ¥ A ¥ A&^ \
Ladies' $3 Shoes 0 JdgBg
The offer holds good wstSSSS^' 010 *' 0^
until the close of business
Saturday, September 17th.. This spscial is in-
tended to interest those who wear $3 shoes. We
want you 1 to know this line. We know that if
you buy one pair you will buy more, hence this
cffer to sell them this week at a special price.
The illustrations, will give you an idea of two of
the styles. We have them in every practical leather;
patent kid, patent colt and vici kid, with patent tips
or plain toes. The styles are lace, button or Oxford
/ * !^_ _-^w ties; the heels m Mtary v or Cuban.
X^ 5^^;^^!^ Plenty _ of every size and width.
Our wail order department
Tfgga > can 8erv « out-of-town cus- ,.
jpjmr ii < ' m^ tomers with entire satlsfac-
EBBBDBSXa tl0n< Try us on thts special. gja^gajM
; Market St. , Phelan Bldg. SHOE CO \H
¦ . , ; — —^
SEE PA6ES
40 to 46.
A BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
A TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED.
rCV* HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
Y . TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED, AND A THOU-
pU^ SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
PAGES 40 to 46, INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.FORTS 'STEA'ENS AXD CAXBT
.. NOW CONNECTED BY CABLE
Wire Will" Be Used ¦ for the Trans
, mission 'of .Weather. Bureau^ '
" Messages, ' .: ..-.'
-ASTORIA, Sept. KX-^Th^new Govern
ment" 1 cable' between .Port Stexeris and
Fort • Canby was • laid to-day. -.The ca
ble will .-be used for the transmission
of messages of .the weather bureau at
North Head. •- • r " :
Civilization 1« an evb!uUoa.-;Tfc* rood thtr.es
like "Old Gilt Edge "Whiskery" nsark th* lUjhest
point In ttfl progression. . RemesibeT-that. dear.'
¦Wlchmiin. LutsroA Co.\»-3lrBattei7.;st.8.F;»
¦SANTA ROSA, Sept. 10.— A burglar
early Saturday morning entered the
residence' of . T. J. Davis, a local con
tractor, in this , city after he had been
unsuccessful in at least, two other
places. While ransacking the trousers
of .Davis -that gentleman awoke. He
grabbed hold of the man's arm In the
dark;, but ' was unable to hold ' h.im and
the, intruder ran away.
Davis : shot twice at the fleeing man
and .'has reason" to* believe ¦ that' one of
his shots took effect. The man shrieked
and continued to" run. On the .'spot
where the- man jumped the fence Davis
Midnight Prowler Awakens
Contractor and Is Forced
to Flee for His Life
BULLETS FLY
AFTER BURGLAR
found a blue steel revolver of 23-call
ber. Davis believes that the burglar
had this weapon in bis hand .and that
he was shot in' the arm, forcing him to
loosen his grasp on 'the gun.
' About ; 10 o'clock ..the Durglar at
tempted to enter the • home of Police
Officer ' Herman "Li ' Hank el. He awoke
Mrs. Hankel and .she' started to her
husband's apartments. The man be
came frightened"- when-' Mrs. Hankel
arose and escaped. He also visited the
Southern ! Pacific depot . and - attempted
to use a* jimmy on a.window.
The British: Admiralty is about to try,
this experiment of giving a premium' to
the" workmen ln r its : service who finish a
Job 1 In tbe quickest timer : Those "who do
wyk In! the' ordinary : time* will receive
the'ordinajylwages.;, _, ' % V _ -
jp m f " polks— I reduced my ; weight 70
pounds.' i bust 6 Inche*. , waist ' 0 Inches and < h Ir »
14 inches Jn a . short tlnit.br. » cuaranteed
harmless* remedy without exercise or ¦tanrlsc. I
will tell you all about It. Inclose stamp. Ad
dress MRS. E. O. RICHARDS. . ¦:-',.• . (
226 East Ninth: street. . >'<
• >'. • Riverside. CW. ¦
successful work, and because .' It Is
stated' In the" Bible, In first Corinth
ians, 12-28:.. "God, hath set some in the
church, ; * first ' apostles, secondarily,
pirophets.' thirdly teachers." "
'..:'. In organizing the Christian Catholic
Church, . Do wle ' posed as a teacher.-
Meeting* with success, he, on June. 2,"
1901; /advanced to .the ' position .of
prophet— of ' Elijah, the Restorer. Now*
on 'September 18,-he'wHl "declare him-'
self as the : divinely commissioned, first
apostle, of - the, Christian ". Catholic and
Apostolic . Church iJn Zlbn, with author^
ityto'j ordain other* apostles. when and
where God may direct. , ',
It is understood that when . W. F.
Maclean relntroduces In the; Canadian
Parliament his bill to. change the name
of Hudson Bay to the "Canadian sea."
the Government- will off er ' no objection.
WAUKEGON. 711.. Sept. 10.— John
AUxander Do wle. announced in to
day's issue of his paper. Leaves of
Healing, that on" Sunday,' September 18, 1
he would 'promote himself from plain
Elijah, the Prophet,; to. the position of
First Apostle. : He' will ;then be "John
Alexander, First Apostle of the Chris
tian' Catholic and Apostolic Church - In
Zion, f. and Elijah, ; the- ; Prophet . of I the
1 Restoration _6f rAll Things." . *.
• Dowle makes _ this advance /because
he believes th£t?God is \Wltlf him in" his
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Speaking of champagnes, our New
York correspondent writes that the pre
dominance . of Moet & Chandon's "White
Seal at all fashionable functions at
Newport, Saratoga and other , watering
places is remarkable. The present vin
tage appears to have caught the taste of
the bonvivant,, it being pronounced not
too- sweet, but medium dry, of an ex
quisite bouquet and is said to agree best
with a constitution, taxed to the utmost
by a strenuous society life.; — The Ca
terer. > . -
Fashion In Champagne.
"Iiestorer" Accepts a Promo
tion to the Position of
First Apostle of ZiOn
DOWIE BOOSTS
HIMSELF ALONG
•ier says: One striking feature of the
bank statement last week was the re
markably close agreement between the
loss of cash last week, and another fea
ture was the expansion in loans last
week, this gain being only about $5,000,
000 below the increase of the week end
ing September 3. The losses of cash
last week were $7,908,600; in the pre
vious week It was $7,428,700, making
$15,234,500 for the fortnight The de
crease In cash last week very -nearly
agreed with the loss of $8,659,900 which
was estimated upon the basis of the
traceable movements of money, and the
difference between the two amounts
may easily be accounted for in great
part by the fact that $1,500,000 was
withdrawn from the. banks on Friday
for transfer to San . Francisco, which
sum was not Included In the estimates.
The deposits were increased $4,625,400,
and the resulting augmented , reserve
requirement /was $1,156,350, ..which . sum
added to the loss of cash made $9,0*5,
150 as the result in the surplus reserve
to $38,398,250, a loss, as above noted,'
of $1S.927,15O fpr the fortnight.
Computed upon* the, basis of deposits,
less those of $23,359,200 public funds,
the 'surplus Is $44,278,200. The state-
ment showed a good proof, the sum of
the Increase in loans less the loss in
cash being only $719,400 more than the
increase in deposits.
Loans were expanded $13,233,600, mak
ing a gain of $31,429,000 In the fortnight
This would seem to reflect corporation
borrowing and also large 1 rediscouritlng
by the New York banks for the English
correspondents. Comparison shows that
six banks gained $10,000,000 net in loans
and eight' banks lost $8,000,000 net in
cash. " .¦""'
Bank Statement Shows Remarkable
Condition of Money Market-
ICEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The Finan-
MANY LOANS MADE.
The principal activity In the bond
market has been in speculative issues,
and the tone has been Irregular at
times. United States Government 3's
registered declined one-fourth «per cent
on call this week.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— As a result
largely of further r^nt taking, stocks
moved rather irregularly to-day,
though the undertone was undeniably
firm. The tendency of many issues
vas toward a higher level. Indeed,
several of the more active issues, such
as United States Steel preferred and
common, touched new high records for
the present movement. Business for
the brief session was unusually heavy,
though not widely distributed. South
ern Railway was the feature of the
railway gToup in the early trading.
Later Union Pacific and other standard
railway issues became very strong, but
elsewhere In the list the activity \va.s
confined chiefly to the minor railway
and industrial shares. ¦
The market wavered slightly on the
publication cf the bank statement,
which showed an unusually heavy in
crease in loans and a cash loss which
almost exceeded the highest. The grand
total of loans and deposits is now at
the highest in the history of the asso
ciated banks. Reports that the Gov
ernment report on corn would be quite
reassuring added stimulus to the list
in the final trading and the closing was
quite active and strong in spite of*
further heavy profit taking. A very
substantial advance in Colorado Fuel
was accompanied by many specific ex
planations.
Total sales of bonds. J3.S75.OOO.
The action of the stock market dur-_
ing the week has reflected speculative
cor.flflence and even enthusiasm. The
number of chares sold rose to near
1,000,000 on several days and the ad
vance for the week has been quite com- :
prehensive, but not very great. The !
tone of the market has been good (
throughout and the realizing was well i
taken and opened the way in many j
ca^es for fresh advances. '
By a series of shifting operations the ;
whole list nearly has been included in j
the operations of the powers in con- ]
trol of the market and the sustaining !
influence of the new points of strength i
has proved sufficient to enable the tak- I
ing of profits without materially hurt- ';
ing the price value. The bulk of busl- '
ness seemed to come from firms cred- i
Ited with operations for speculative j
commissions of large capitalists and
the general commission house business
has been small. The board-room ele
ment has maintained a skeptical atti
tude toward the advance and has been
Constantly on the- watch for its cul- i
.mination and reaction.
Their short selling and later forced \
covering have been factors in the oc
casional halts and the later renewed
advances. Selling was conspicuously in j
evidence on Tuesday after the three- j
day holiday interval, during which the i
bank statement was published, show- j
ing an abrupt change from the long ex
tended rise in the surplus reserves of ¦
the banks. But this selling was ab- j
Borbed with confidence and served to i
reassure the doubtful and withhold of- I
ferings from the market, thus facili- j
tating the advance. Specific news to ac
count for the rise has been as conspic
uously lacking as at any time during!
the movement, but several features In \
the general situation were accepted as j
encouraging to prices. j
Little attention was paid to crop '
news. Crop prospects were regarded j
as being not materially altered during ¦
the week. The iron and steel trade was j
a subject of constant discussion. Belief •
In a revival of the iron trade was an I
effective influence on the whole market, j
Of elmllar effect was an evidence of a j
growth In railroad traffic. Last week's j
train movement was greatly improved, j
and officials of "Western railroads as- !
eerted that the Eastern movement of .
merchandise showed a large growth '
and augured a feeling of confidence in i
the mercantile community. ;
The decision of the Pennsylvania to '
restore the full working time in Its!
•hops will affect 20.000 workingmen, !
and was regarded as highly significant !
cf better conditions, and the New York !
Central's Increase in gross earnings for j
August was viewed in the same light.
The agreement arrived at over the
*rage dispute in the New York traction j
field and the formal abandonment of j
the meat etrike lightened the labor sit- I
cation from a stock market standpoint.
There was a slight hardening of the j
money market In rsponse to the decline •
In the surplus reserves of the banks, I
the Interior demands to be faced and j
the more active demand for money for j
several purposes in the stock market, j
lieports of Government on
Corn Crop Are Reassuring
and Stimulate the Trading
BUSINESS VERY HEAVY
Publication of Bank State
ment Showing 1 X>a.sh Losses
Causes Market to Waver
STOCKS MOVE
IRREGULARLY
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL,; SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER ,11, 1904. '
29
• AD VERT1SEMEXTS.
•'I writ* to let yon know how I »rrr»ci»t» rodr
Cuearets. I comicenc^d t«kfnt them litt N'ovem.
oer ana took two sen c»rt bozei «,nil pat* ed a tape-
worrn ]i ft^iorc. Then I rommettced takirc them
•tain aad Wed D e«<iajr. April «th. I paaaed another
tape "arm :» ft. ionc and o»er a taousaod «mall
wonaa. Prevjoui to xnj takiar Caacareti I iidn'»
¦inotr 1 had a tapeworm, ialw.yi had a «maU
ari'^titc.
Wm. r.^rown. 181 Franklin St.. BrooUm. N. T.
/fff^wjk ' Best For
CANDY CATHARTIC *rt^^
Fleoaat, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good.
i!i e f If^t 11 ' esken "*¦ Gripe. 16c. :3c. Sfrc. Kerer
•old in bu!k. The rcnnine ttblet utatnped CCO.
uaarant««d to care vr jour luor.ej back.
SterUag Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 594
AKKUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
THE EMPORIUM. -1,- THE EMPORIUM. |» THE E3IPORIU3J. ,. | THE E31PORIUM. * ~ : :l THE E3IPORIU3I. |*J THE EMPORIUM.
I SalBWomen'sNeckw'r Cr e*r** General catalogue Ready jor out-of-town Folks. October . Sale Embroideries
\ a sample line of this season^ most desirable styles, can VyJ^ 1 4J> m Patterns 25,000. yards 6t high-grade -embroidery
g consistins of hand-made collar and cuff sets, silk be opened by re- : - ; ¦ f- '''< " *?/?&* • ; rV? -Buttcrick -patterns direct -from the ; best producers of St Gall
k* Stocks, Silk' ties and Stocks and boWS, in all the $ponsib:e parties; fl/f C? 0y/fo4L<My f^>/%^' M M M JHkT for October are ready. C w it 7 p r |o n d«p V prvvflH finel'i; «/nrl'^ nn
I in Nev/ York at almost a quarter of regular prices Mc2Zani fl^/ "LARGEST. i-'M^r^^^a^m \ L m :' October, n«nb*r 15c S00 K or §9 od Cambric, in rich new patterns,
t: and we offer them in the same proportion. Be- . 77' ¦¦iiiiiwMiniiBWBlW'^^^^^^ c0 ?y- subscription, including the French blind drawn work.
t ginning Monday and during week, while quan- J e »' e street " de - k . AMERICA'S GRANDEST^TORE 5I.OO y«». hemmed edge, fleur-de-lis.bowknot, wheat.
K tity lasts, vour choice of any of these at •-. 29o , ., -^\i , ¦ -? ¦¦•'¦ r*,-,- • • ... hqtrpnhprcr anH flnralpffArfc
t , : : The savings to be made— our money-back, guarantee— our D ?L" ent ?? r l ? an 5i mr f l el j? c ts.
ir __ m — rm *_*- I • ' ¦ ; " " ¦ .'-.¦/•, S ! 7 s — " ~ The widths are from 4 to 14 inches in edgings, and
i MwlanV fOSSet ArtBGieS central location—the convenience of buying, everything, at one from r to 4 inches in insertions. We have divided
% Specially Priced ' j place- the great variety ana\ high Equality, of: the th^^o_ four lots; and, beginning Monday, offer
K 75c nze Quern I,ouise Missage Cream for 5Oc ~ 77. 1 ---¦- -.. . . , 7 t . . ». ¦ - ....:,.. ¦ .- ,. ¦ "— T : ~V^ emDrO^erieS • ¦ .
75 c S 5ie Murray ani Lanmin ncrida Wiur for ...'.... 45o we sell — Hie many free ' utilities at your service— are a few \ /Worth up to 25c for 13c yd.
s» 25c s:zc Lycn's Tooth Powder for 15O . . . . . ¦ r- - , • Worth UD to 40c for 16c vd.
K ssc tizr sacffeui'a Tcwth Paste for 15c of the inducements to do .your , buying at The 'Emporium. \xr~-*u ..« ** : t*. ?«.. *>a~\,a
\ 51.00 sire Lambert', Listerin.Jgenuine) for . . 65o ~ , ¦ . ,- t -: - ; .. \ ~T^ ~~ • Worth U P tO 75C for 24C yd.
\ a 5 c size Lamben's Listerlne (genuine) for 2QC . " ' ' ''.'".' * <- , ' ",*."' ' ' Woith.Up tO $1.25 for 34c yd.
% p^ld^^i^e r rfa^TuW-«odo«;,-v,:/;./;;;«oS Here Are Four Beautiful Hat Designs m^mmf Lf*szfhf*r GnnH^
S* 2<c size Woodbury Facial Cream for 2OC ' ¦ -»• • ' -^ ' \.- m - ¦¦ ¦ - ¦-•- - •.¦-. Im . 'mm ¦ ~ m—'-^ a. /si - » ¦ .' * MVW7WT OmXZCataM&B H^C#C#f#<S>
k : : : : : : : : :l%l -From Famous Paris and N. Y. Makers /7S\ Many important
i &%'%£.'%£•*&*.¦. \\:\:\ :':\ . fSS In Opening Displays Made This Week $ \ U \ n 8es inthe
If 25c uzz D •. Limbtrt'. Sltin Soap, 3 for 4Oc ~, , \ r- rr J irf- '* "-Tj"' S*i 1 1/- * t x j J • /l M \l SlyieSOI WOmen S
£ iccsze Mrs. Pray-s Rosaiin- for #5 O 7^t? best Fall and Winter Ideas of the.' leading makers are represented in our 1/ $&$&$&& hand bags these
* 25c r» e Mrs. Pray-sEmtry B/ard for •. . tsc ' immense Collection of Womerisand Children's Hats . | > r^^^^j are the latest Easfr-
i &<g *9gz n ii A4 *%£* ' : i££&i 1 ' La ferffiSkw ern novelties, just
g &im/& BJOiiS fyimUv -^^^^m s&^%&&B%JB& -$%&$&&& *a mJi ' 11 arrived and been put in stock;
K lh Sh^»"ncL7io^^ra*u° c n rior , ' ¦ 'tf|)!f |l|) pictured - are the
uj hcad^h^^cpbVcy". 7 fairmohiir i^£$k '^^^^^^T f^lfcffis » k -^ '"¦ '" £350 "Peggy from Paris."
wig woven on net, black hose and Qf* i^,^£^ ' ' jt. j \ !±S "9/ • «. / Ladies' Vanity Bags — Walrni grain leather, doable handls,
£ p2tcn: leather ties; an exceptional Cvil flU'vA fr>«^^ ' (L_^-^Ri >^^y-/ V"^ J moire silk lining .' ...... ... $1*25
i ru d °K ] $P D CCial a J 'u'n I.*; $ f ' 06 tv Ifey' -^^^v, jp§j$ . 7^S) ....... Irom Paris Bajs— Morocco grain ifock. heavy p i:t
J. The New P,p,erM a chc Doll, for Chmtmum \^^fj . . . . .^^^^ K JU* - U •^^^^^ . fSm e . .wtgger handle, pune to match . . . $1. OO
\ litre, and is there arc lots of little girls who V/5 y'Jr ¦ r - :^|i • 66 » r %»«»*#»^
k« will need a new doll long before Christmas, ?/> . %$L Larje Picture Hat In Shell Shape, Large Picture Hat— of handsome Large Picture Hat— of champagne Duchess of Devonshire Brown Peggy from P&ris Bags — Genuine Morocco, leather cov-
k* and lots of mammas and good aunt'es that will 1 \\ \ a design by Joseph of New Vork, brown velvet, designed of Berthe, felt, ' facing of shirred- velvet. Hat— made of p'eated silk and ercd lrams, spring catch, moire lining, with purse, card
If uaar. to dres, a Christmas doU at their spare //// \ faced with tucked black maline Paris - bum of beannful lace with rose laceVappllque- this . ,^ bunch . case and twagger handle $3.50
i moments during thr next few montln, we / /'// Vl and trimmed with handsoms applique and shirred velvet, and beautiful hat is trimmed with ,.' £..,.. 66 . *p%*m%*+*
)i mention thrm here. Handsome bisque heads, / //// '\ French ribbon and two Urge, i, taffeta ilk, crown, .trimmed two handiome shaded plnmegl ; of three ton . e a P»i _ finished with LqjJ^' Hjmd BflJS^^^" 1 * g raln '^*ther, •leather, covered
tf fill ball and socket jointed bodies, woven LjllJ \\ black ostrich plumes, 9 gm with shaded brown _'. and brown velvet ; .¦^•-p.^'' ' velvet and ornaments T^^j. frame, braided handle, moire silk lining. Containing purse
. r-ns'eti on net, ileeping ejet, open or dosed CgL . . ostrich p!umes.. .. ...>. f. . and card case, the new -Du Barry" »hape . .$1.35
I' i^5-inch . $1.35 aj inch . $3.25 ; Ready-to- Wears Dress- Hats ,v:, Children's Hats . Ladies' Hand Ba<$ — Long, narrow shape, walrus grain
JJ i+K-pch. 1.B5 25-nch. 4.OO fi^ $1.75 tO $15.00 $4.95 tO $40:00 4 . 95C tO $5.00 . leather, ot "burnished gilt frame, -braided handle, ..moire
\ 18^-inch. 2.OO ao-bch. 5.CO $ ¦ M tm " ?«»•<.?, .{it v-r.^nil!* Of ve:vets,'chenUlej, beautiful jett, cs- t v Of camel's- hair, French fe'ts, lining, containing purse and card case; equal to any $z. 50
n-inch. . 2.7a 5 ,-,nch. 5.76 ¦ Of felts, taffeta, sjlk, chenille ... s ¦ hatnt ¦ - w ith . silk ribbon ; streamer, and trimminp, ba« we hare ever shown . .$1.50
I — br « d «» «*•; bl * ck , n « v X» brown onion, emerald f reen,terr..eott. S French In white, navy, brown, cardinal, in the new g **Z.1^\ , \ \1 u
J Q'+iax 5?^i#C-^ flmr*±m**%**-%4*± ' » nd greens, in the new turban, sailor blues, in' the new Gain -borough/ DuBarrys,, sailor shape, most becoming to girU and Hand Of genume Falkland seal, gun metal frame, braided
| &aie Boys overcoats -«u-^ V-- " l^-^-'-. . ¦ S^fc^SsjT-."^ . r.f .'fT.TiEJS
i CoatS for all BoyS 2J4 tO 16 ••"'*»• a * > "^»» • -C^-MM '*-.'¦ \ '*+-' -w-'' ' mm'' : >' : ¦ • : •¦- '»"¦ Genuine Persian S«al Handbags — Leather covered frame, English
>: PriCeS $2.00 and S3 00 EaCh SalO Fiite StiKS Sale DrOSS GOOUS WdktTnUi handle, heavy calf skin limng $4.50
I A KJ~ l/i fa fU flm Ail ; ' *u- i Here is an unusual opportunity to purchase stylish and = i : v.y : : ' . i . '¦¦ ¦ . . :.\ '. , Udles^ Feather Weljht Bags -Aluminum leather covered frames,
i. A Dig lOt Of them. All in thlS SeaSOnS durable silks at.a fractional part of: the usual price. . genuine «al hoa stock, be.uoftJly Hned, P ur« and eardca^ to matc\
{ Style.' They are made by the Same gOOd These silks are new' soft-finished. Taffetas and •Louis-. in desirable fibrin .thtn^oieYprVMondaj ud.Tnes : ' ' * ' n )i \ J ' <r ' ' / * 0 * * "
i maker \yhO furnishes OUr Special 55.00 ines, in fine pin stripes, checks and various de.igns ',,. : day. ¦-. HundredaiandhundredsVof- yards 'of popular - Utner Styles #7.50 .10 $25.00 ...
i coats, and the cut and fit are equal to the tda P ted for >hirt wa5tt " its » 8trcet ; d ;«»«» «cp'*rtte : :yrweti .i ac hidu^bit^ ! , -_ — . __• •: /•: . ••
k » hpttpr crr^Hpc Hf rnnrco tho rlnrhe «a waists and skirts. The best ot this season ¦ color , ' j _ - Vir* • j b jij j • r\\ ><SfS THAT SET THF pTTrr--<_' *
better grades Ur COUrse the ClOthS are idcal gre re rcscnted . The assortment is large, but V * nd :^«^* Venetian-. B d- Bedford, cord.; inifull 1 . , . ' • "^^S< I
i not so good, but they are real durable coats of couric th F e cho!ce of design8 for the early buyer.. • HneV- color effect.. Choice .uiting material., wortk -^^^UfceUCorfUUt
\ and Tight Up tO date. * Values from 85c the yard upward, ¦ «» ¦ < JSJ O^* • . from; $1.00^0 ;$T.2S. a yard, ,>tle '."gfl'W^m *^\ !^VfVj¥TiT^^
I* Lot 1— Boys' Russian Overcoats— In sizes Z Z A to 6, made at the one special sale price .. . •. .. ifOy •_, price.. .:.,. ..'..•.-. . ..™^W J^^^r. I '' I '• I I • rJ I MsV I
j: from strong cheviots in navy, oxford and olive; .. . -. .','. , . .?".. ."..". .. v - ' ¦". "" •*; *>O^5^ULAc/ 1 1 111 NVJ_^^f^
I S and e t^/tSth U^lPi^^ : . Sale Men's and Women's Shoes m^^^fej^^j
£ broidered emblem on left sleeve, jaunty coats for There are separate sections for ladies and 1} gentlemen, in ;our large/ new-sho* -,- - .: '" ¦¦'•¦Jfe- ( . ,- . ..•*.-, -*.. ..; , . ..
k ; little fellows; sale price $2.OO department, main floor, off rotunda, and 'in each 1)f these -sections, beginning: - ' " \J^% Sale DaffiiaSkS— Bed* 'iSO
\ B t£ S PeZTru^^ will be held a sale of surpassing intent/ ' '^:. <i ,f . .|; / , :v^«|- Beginning Monday some handsome Damasks, just '
\ loneer; just the coat to wear over sailor or Russian V— — p\ Men's $3.50 and $4.00 Burt & Packard Shoes, in 20 of the newest OS^^^^M arrived from Germany, shipped direct to us and
t suits; they come in navy, oxford and cadet gray K B«P \"l styles for fall and winter 1904-05; vici kid, box calf/ve- ffi&%S? fBL made to our order - These are the highly mercer-
; shades, black velvet collars, gilt buttons, embroid- ' V|4-o«» V^ / lour calf, patent colt skin, russet calf, etc., all sizes, per . Mm M ized snow white tabIe doths, pattern cloths and
( f ered emblem on sleeve; sale price . '. • . $3.OO AL*c t *rS^' P air * * * * ' • • • • • •• • •-...... $2.BO Jj^ J8 ; napkinsthat wash so handsomely and wear so long,
\ Lot 3 -Boys' Long Overcoats-Sizes for 7 to 16 p^ 11^^^^ Ladies' $1.50 Ribbon Ties, choice vici kid, with Jf^^ and priced so specially low for these coming three
i years, CUt loOSe and long,. With broad Shoulders V_l._ "C^^ medium French heels, hand-turned ro'ei,- dressy for QO^ ' JayS. ¦ .-.., •¦¦-; ~f*: ¦_. --
J and Shapely lapels, With Or Without belts, Velvet «— «---^- m^ V lS l 'treet or hous,, beginning Monday morning, pair. -.;¦ fFOP ~* m^ ' ¦ t Bl«*«d P" 0 **^/ 1 + ffT! 7^. 'T'.^tJ
t Collars. They are made Of durable Coatings in . , • - : t ' Bleached Damasks— 63 *ln"eJ»« widei large *as»ortnj*ent cf *atyle«» 7S«
{ medium weight; just right for this climate. Choice On FMBWnHMMB*f* Tfot* Fmw%t%WMWtn% i^5lWiO« V>»5# kind - s *o
i Of Oxford gray Or nobby plaidsof brown and Olive r**M WiiMUr*?, B iitS K.m§iUriUm -nMSMWiGV, ¥ UU Bkached Clothl-Pattern woTenaUaronnd, sxi^ prda, ready for nae,
I shades; sale price $ 3 .oo m One-Fifth or More on Every Purohase B iS°a^r%;^^
\ Juvenile Department Second Floor Tr t s •/ 1/ !¦ , ' j \ '•"! ,- '¦¦¦'¦• *j \n , ¦ . . ateadof*z.*5 each, sale price .$1.68
|» r Hie great jurmiure and carpet, departments on, second floor, are a large store in Damask Napkins— same quality u tha table damask, many, patterns
\ O^JVb/* 4? r% *- ' themselves— the most interesting furniture headquarters in: Sari Ji^fkLT (»ox*o in.), i<n ~:v. ,$1.28
,; &aie %jUru US? "OrtiereS the variety and beauty of design, excellence of construction arid economy in pricing. #*.oo kind (*ixi* in! ), do*! '. '. '. '.'.'. !.! /! ! *.$U4Q
\ Monday and Tuesday Only., Note these Z ood values f or Monday and.the, coming week. V ' .. . ' , « ] tt^S^S^0S^^^^^
X M.dra,C U rt.in,-Fanc yrt ripe effect, green, red and rose colored stripes, This , "9*^ ~~'^fG>^*~~^ ™ S (U \^rff BUllketS - SamC *** " «^«/onIy 7> >chei wMe, per.
J cr«m ground, .aiuble for orer-draperie. and curuim, sak price, per \&4&J&£><J ' Rocker \ •> ' J-^'V/^TtH Roclit : r " Fi "« CalifomuVhlte Wl^V BU^etiV^; *^«, "prir *
f P * .82(3 (gv* i $3.65 I' v^7' 'v,' V&r^r^rr^/ I $7.50 * • /^i^^ifm Comforterj— Fine sHkoHne, fignred on both sides, la rg» sixe, saniury
>* Tapestry Portieres — Self colors, armure weave, green or r:d, fringed at fT^a^^^^^§ [ " Til Hi f - ' i'" 77^^ ¦ ' .¦ • • imt-iJf\ ' V»p,ii7Sfl • filling, each .. . . . ..... . ". ". '. $1.25
'* both ends, worth $3.50 pair, sale pric; ... . . . . . .$2.35 ftte^^^^^?- A $7.5oval- ' '£~U (ti vK A pleasing Co- •I cr JKIi "lj ¦'•• Down Comforters— French sateen covering, plain of figured backs, new, '¦
\ Lar« lot Nottingham Lsce Curtains 1-4 to 1-3 under regular nrices— ' ,** T^T 5^, I uc> up holster:d T u- n ij r» s ni * n 1 lonial style, with Yk V jCTTW M MC h . . .... ... . ...... . % . $5.50
i white or e cru. a variety of style, to select from, Kove.Ty BrSand in *™ d ve: ° ur ' = J h ' S G - Ol ? Cn Pi flte RaC , k "?£ '"'' ?*" > Colored BUnket»-^3^/ loo pairs of California wool blan.
Irish Point patterns— tvVjS bothstat and top 55c — 33 inch-, s w:de,. with groove for gold™ oak or <^=~j^=££i? C kets, various qualities, Jiaving slight manufacturers' im-
\ V* ZWW of back smooth P^tes and hooks for cup*, a full Ji valus. . mahog a ni* e d li^^gk Of j% // perfections, on sals this week much under their real taluss.
;. Ji.oo curtains, pair . . . 79o fl-75 curtains, r a!r . .$§.19 £L<^Z^~^ f !sL finished wood MUSIC Cabinet $750 — Highly birch frame, iT'lK^W^ti/J ,
,• Si- 25 curtains, pur . . . QSo f a. 50 curtain «, pair . .$1.65 S£b^% *&£'&£&' work, roomy, poished, quarter-sawed oak or mihogan- ttron S. service- J^^^jr « ifrsr%B%w%*%4 \J*%im ' W if* i«*
|» 'MjC^SlEr 1^ «°utly con-/ izsd birch, adjustable she', ves, brass- rcdi able, comfortable. ! %?&** • -£>*? '/-;¦%*€*."/**&% WCUUj&&-'
I Choice GrOCCrieSLiqUOrS H^^^ . metal beds Compare our prices with those it exclusive fe.
f Extras Monday and Tuesday W^^^^SK onIv - Bookcase Secretary, S16S0- right is conceded by careful niture and carpet stores, and then decide where to
£ Best Eastern rUnn— Very finest, ib . . . .13% O \Sl- .. WB'. Gcnerous P ro P° rtion> » ne y' ha P« d » bevel ; shoppers to be the Emporium. " uy ' Uur P rtces tor ;^^
'» Imporitd Castile Soap— Large bars.. - . . . . 2tC " • plate m'rror over desk, the latter having ' ___ >J g <a . ' BigelOW AxminsterS, yard i •¦¦ • ¦'• . . . • $tm65
,' Baking Powder-Empcrlum Brand, iHb. t'ns ...30o & «»n y cimpartmeiits f >r paper, "yeloces, V/^'V^S^^ -V " 'Lowell AxminsterS, yard. . . . .'. . ' -.• . . $1.40
1* tr f tt „ •• ., , ,. ••••»»*» - sfA etc Undtr desk I! large cabinet with door \\ J^ =^jf l^SJ. ' ' • ' c -xu a • x j - - •• r%e.
;. Kona Coffet- Hawaiian Mend, 1 lb 19c **__ - - boot part has door and adjustable shelf.' It^cJj) "jl? I/*l ; Smith AxminsterS, yard ..... . . . ;. SI. 25
i Burnett's Vanilla Extract— z-oz. bottle. . . . . 25o -^M Rattan Rocker, $3.85 ' w ei [f^F"^ 1^^ 1 ?^ x^^^^ 1^^^^ Bigelow-Lowell Body Brussels, yard . .. ". $1.5O
\ Jtl!-O— PcpuUr dessert, as:crted flavors, 7 pkgs 50c» ||| S 5^3 f'i\ made and comfortable, farge full roll tl y^l '-^ /tf^**^ V^^\ Other Body Brussels, yard •' . . ... .$1.20
i Chocolate— Ground, American or Ghirardclli's, i-lb. tin .. . . 25o B§ Wt ¦' *Wi KT"' Ir around outer rim and cros»-braeed uhder- [j^S^^I«KF?f»S^ 1-aa-O^g.^J j : StinSOtt 10-Wire TapestrieS,,yard . '•• • . . $1.1O
\ Coitman's imported M UI tard->Mb. tb ...... . . . 2 8o M <& IS ' B -9( ' II ™ h " hl f' Z1 inchei BfflSRteS ' ' IklX^W^/ .Smith & Sanfords Tapestries, yard. ... .;. . $1.00
;• ciovcr Luf Cre«mtry Butter -ib. package. . .• 2 5o 81 E B 11 ' © «fel®S ; ' Other Tapestries, yard. . . . 7Bo, 8Qo, 906
i Caret-Eatable wine, g,L- 33 ° c i g 1 iili^^M , Smyrna Rv 8 Sal. Centime-Note the.prlces for these
[ Maryland Club Whiskey- Pare rye, botde ........ .7 6e , Wt V S3 ¦ liable ¦ line of- springs, mattresses ; ani pil-- SfilWmii'TBl 'ChOlCC Qualities and' patterns: — ¦--•.;; ------
t Presldent^Blue Flag Whiskey — Bonrbon, bottled in bond, fo'J V - lows-ih: best of thrir kind possible to • i p'li |f^ jf l||ijft 'j \ffSW2Si 36x72 inch TUgS, regular $4- 00 and %A> 50,for $3.OO
\ PoniheVry-choW^e'^id win'e/reg. £50^ . $U05 This' Extension Table Ch'na CabInTt%37;56^Gold e a 2 qx12 toW^' ' hfaOO
I Gilka Kummtl-Genuine imported, bottle. .... .. $UW } fl J ft $13^ 8 ft. $15 oak, quarter sawed, highly, poished, full , ThfaM etal Bed Q t sS A mL^' '^ " ' " Sfl flfl
I Extra Sauterne or (fi«lln#l Gal ' Jo H* 8 flake q«»««'-'n*rked oak, smooth, nice bowed glass front, with la-ge beve'-plate 7 t On!y $7.50 9x12 tt. bCOtCh AxminsterS . . . . - _$2O.OO
' h j u j t U u n u " ' b9 ° rinish-j 4-inch fluted legs, to? has deep box rim mir.-or on the. top, stands almost (>% fret An exceptionally neat design.enameled in qutte a. HaiSOcKs . . • . - $1.OO f $1.25 and $1.50
, Hand Made Sour Mash— Bourbon, gal. . . .$2,25 around side, will seat 10 persons when exten led. . high and is 39 inches wide. ,. : - number of coverings; all finished with gold chills Shades— 3x7 ft. . . . . ... .' ..-..35b and UD' 'THE SAN FRANGISGO 2 CALL, . SUNDAY^; SEPTEMBER; 11, .'. 1904.
30
PR.lGERS. 1 rKAGEItS I 7 FRAGERS t > TRAGEUS V»^ PRAGEK^ I PRAGEKS \ x PRAGERS
tl '^^^ l/fM^M^vMMlHi^^^^^ Opening Sale in New Art and The opening of our second floor to-morrow will give some j^ea of th? b.^ U Opening Sale in New Art and |
¦Ii&isiifr Wi8lliwii'lM:' (; fe ;! m^? Dranerv Danqrtm-nm and immensity that may be expected when^our entire building is completed. Th? y n MV + ma - f I
W^fMl^'IW^ W % i'^^^^ FioorT" roominess and splendid light will be a revelation to ajl. The fixtures are handsome Drapery Department |
M^^S^^'ffM r ' ! ! lif'^I 1 ' V^o^ a r«1 h hand?nlkde Rr "^ Every facility and convenience is offered shoppers. " . " r °' f\ ur buyer spent months in the East im- I
wWlSwwW III /I ! HI' Teneriffe Lace Goods ever" offered at We cordially .invite all, whether purchasers or not, to visit this beautiful floor I SbStaSwe^iiSwUith^hS' Grand Op° C n- 1
W£%4&&M§w$i M\la \wm " wMAK<8A°Mr p J 1C T C Arr -TTT^Tirc *i : The departments to be found there are: Millinerv, Women's Cloaks I ing Sale in mind, we have a wonderful display H
W^smwS^-l ft If Pli l\\ 3C sel1 recularlv for 35c. They come in as- ancl .muslin Underwear, boys Clothing; and Furnishings, Art Goods, Draperies. " p or battenberg scarfs, worth H
l^llr f^miHe?H;^L?^!^'"' Extra Special Lace Bed Sets $^50 n^ s^ |
!™fM we" tve^keT io I 1 ALWAYS RELIABLE , teFaf / am^ th^ iS^rtn^- to $^ J
l$V : li$m ISl'^T^^^^^^^^^K^ ISP boucht in all the principal markets-. of yards of excellent Bat- P* 1238 * 1250 MARK FT ST jSJi* $1^°!" « , .,, «. d« S"^^ For BATTENBERG LACE CUR- \\
miiJfflUf 1 * 11 -^ someTtock of Or Tene O riffe eCU Lace iS Tidics^^enler tCnbCrg ' LaCe ' Edgin S s vi»^iu,ioi,^ vafuJs'for $e.95. 8 Sl.45 TAJNS - re e u l ar $^-SO values. These j
W* ¦ P^es^Bur^u..!^ and Inse^ions-white or A j| fa Q Shopping Inducements that have I1! ' 50 alUM for 980 °- variety of C dS!Sf9.Vnd l lfre P S?d 1 e a^o^ imfortld I
I, not be equaled m this city. -We are,; showing Arab ? an . and placed _^ _ .!• .*^,__ -^^-...^i^^ «. , 4 mi t $16.00 values for 99.00. net finished with pretty inserting and lace tj
other lines at 25c. 35c. 50c and 6bc a piece. them on sale at 2c a yard, maae tfllS Store popular OT6 Still Here. $20.00 values for $12.50. edge, either ruffled or plain. B
Our Annual September Linen jote j £y e ry Conceivable GreatJOh and Innovation in Millinery Assembled Here Kitchen and Honsehold Utensils in Our I
\ JL J E are making it worth your while to buy now. — — " •' : " * j,|
W ."for ThlS Grand Opening . • Basement Department d
be exactly what we say it is. and the newest manufac- . — ' ; * * »-— 1 ..¦ c » ?? ?:«. *«.. H
tured this season. (Second Floor.) T v"? 8 h -e S" off dSf^luM I
35c \ y a t d ~T TA ?^ E f DA1 5 A l K# i^ a 1?ave HP P E combinations °* tllre e colqrs that are in vogue this season make the possibility of exquisite effects practically unlimited. l Tl?5 *is $ t^mYke'^f or the^inte^est 6 centered i
aoout twelve dmerent ana "autitui desiRns r ) \\r e have gathered for this opening of our .new department importations from Europe, as well as the novelties made in our own »'n the ooeninjr of the new departments on the second |
sale YoTmay have itehh£w£chZdo?uZLlch- large workroom. We have employed the most expert milliners, who «have been busy for months designing and making hats. 2° or - There *£ be some great thinRS ready £or you I
ed. It is a regular 50c value. The same moderate prices that made this department popular last season will prevail. nere. « '. t!
CQ n A Yard— DOUBLE DAMASK LINEN. We Among the French Pat- ' •_ - : One beautiful effect is a "Perfect" hardly de- A Cp This is our price for a sleeye board that sells in |
JVC have marked an extremely low price for this of- tern Hats to be exhibited ... r£$2feN ' large Black Velvet Pic ure scrIb £ s a . Tur ? an that we every other store for not less than tfc It is |
ferinff of an extra heavy double Damask Table are some from such fa- /^©P^S Hat It has the new __ "ittS JUL^fVa \ 1"^ the thin 5 iromns shirt waists and chil- |
Linen, which is a full two yards wide. It was bought -.nous milliners as Litchen- 3 >^#^fejP' shirred crown. A. stylish ' f^f^^WW^^M^ ho&any - thTee disti^t" dren s dresses. t
to sCil ;or 75c a yard. , itein, Speleyll and Fran- combination of M.nllne and 5v5f Sf!^JTffiJr*i$&kfiy \ snades ot satin, blending *jQr» -^ hardwood Window Screen, guaranteed to fit m
£Q A Dozen— BLEACHED TABLE NAPKIN3. X&%M&^$M ! ' u }!? rl&cln * bllick velvet mS™ mahoraT Thi° "il 3C any size window - The re S^'^ P^ce is 3.=5C. £j
*™S^lte*^J^ Jgt&J?** JerVhne Cl L S a a c n e tly Ha?; • ''f^SSl^^'^ fflKB^g^^W "" "^ °' 25C t^ "" 1
<£1 CQ A Dozen-Is all we ask for an extra large lith bands of ermine and /&&ffigS$$SBB^ ¦ P ' One of the prides of our - lSC " :
I $i.DV size Dinner Napkin, which is well worth Smmed lith lon« whitt ' A brown Velvet and Taf- V^^^^^^f^^ S', orl l roO T m l8 w a ? « cl^ nt <£1 ?<* Mrs. Potts' Sad Irons, consisting of three g
$2.00 a dozen. trimmed Tilth long *hite nfttOW.. , • , feta Hat has a largo rollin K Si?h Ji?nn^ a Sn^ l8hei J •P* -^^ irons, a handle and a stnnd. This is an ex- 0
I 1Q-. For LINEN TOWELS that iell recularlv for PlUmeS ' •" • '..sha^ It is' trimmed with ii^ /^^'^ / Mack "viive" S «d M !arse f t u "llent thing for -every woman. Our price |
1 1VC 2-c. A fine, soft finished German Linen Towel. StrPPf Hate 'l8p?l l di^"?,,^ inl\ on£?X \T^^»r^J} white plumes. " has been reduced from §1.75. tt
A ; n „„,,,. i, nr j« rc _r _ :»t,-_ __j i:_u» ki..-«- »ii OUaSCI Jrlavb i **t 1 V- . « aise ana just enougn • vST. ¦• ' 3fc' ¦'¦ ' Kl
I wh^Jh^ $ 25Q '-mUr-. •'• ¦iSSt^c?^."* . \^Ml' : ' Velvet Turbans gSLSTSoi^HoWer.. du^p^Ti^' 1Oc * I
1 1Qf» For" "TURKISH BATH TOWELS; worth 25c; In brown, navy, black vRi^li'i ReadV-fO-WeaTS " wkfi^^i' / $4.50 ToiT'shnvrU 5c Dust Pans, 15c. N
I Jfiitetarie " nd .^ ,'" T^' M^^fc S3 5O S4. S4. 5O ' X -Si^^l Tu T ra 8 ns ; B lSiS e th O f5{Se r r! Can Openers 'sc. ' . Carpet Taeks-., packages |
i wlnte. large size, double threaded bath towel. prettily trimmed. . .Vf^. ,-^^^r ? -< »*r. #^V* ¦, -fr** *f*»JV/ >„. • . , ent shades. Match Safe. 5c. r for, 10c. -^c;. •• 'r \\
I We Usher m the Fall Season With Wonderful Showing Linen Toweling \ Clever and Masterful Reproductions of the Finest Styles j
B of Women's Muslin Underwear 5c a Yard for a 1Oc Vallte Originated in Women's Wearing Apparel I
¦ j - _._,- — — ¦ — — : • npHIS great special will prove one * * N
$ (Second Flopr.) ' J[ of the chief attractions of this r ,' : ' • (Second Floor.} fj
I W I E have transferred our entire stbek of Women's and Children's Muslin Underwear to beau- % 1 salc - 1 . It 1 consis .^ of a pure linen JL WE have realized our effort to get exclusive ideas by a complete new stock of Women's fall |
VV tiful ncw uarters on the second floor. They will be open for 'your insp™ MoSSy," 9 Z^^t^c^^H W. SS^B "S^S 8 f hat T ?* "**? * 1
] ¥ ¥ and as a double inducement to visit us we have marked all of this new stock to very low ly low for the quality of the toweling „ ... make popular, but which is already the proper thing* in the Eastern fashion . centers. I
I prices, making them specials for grand opening. only a hundred pieces will be placed You. will see a wonderfully complete department on the second floor now. f|
j r c "¦ * on sale, therefore it will be advisable SUITS CIO *7C These Suits we sell regularly for $2-00. II
if . \xt . r- *?> Covers . t r « • and they may be seen in one of our window dis- to buy early, as the price will remain ~ 4 . A n These are our regular S18 ?o Suits Thev *blO»#i) There are at least ten different styles all I
I 48C andTrmme^wih^M^ SLY'ion?^!!" \" ade of Wt cambric cut full only as long as the hundred pieces $14.95 $ oS * ' Sd^oYihVneweySd^SJtffi^
I S^io^ Thev»iSiffh3TLrShT«^ f long. . They have a square yoke of four dus- last. - , Black Coats, and even the tight-fitting ones Broadcloths, Cheviots, etc. We are satified we i
i worked around the^neck and frmhol« »nrf have hJ*A P ' Z™ I*" * ns f rUon «nd embroidery . -in fact, every new style shown this season? The can show Suits that are certain to please every one. I
riSbon" running S^^^fcE^SSZ \^^ a %E?^*J^Z ™£ * 2*f ° f October Standard Patterns skirtsga^«a^||higpl^^^^ **• Q - Up t0 be.«tif«l line of sample!
II 75c Corset Cover. *« *I ti,- r • re « uian y »° # ia a^ $i-3;>. the new Scotch and English Tweeds, Fancy Mix- Suits, only one of a kind, that was secured^
!| * Cambric Gowns $l.tt/hape^ Reduced • tures^nd, Plain Cheviots. . at a big discount for our opening. |
li QRc* There are . over ; and is finished around the neck and sleeves All of our standard patterns SKIRTS WAISTS , , v^SWjw ' IJ
ti >arr-» 7UW ton different with Valenciennes edging; ribbon runs through for October have been re- | Cf» ,,«_ nrt T * '„ T v.- var ;. fv :- «. n • There are a few changes in styles of Tj
j r- styles of these beading around the neck. It is an exceptional value duced to * $3.95 ereat that it is imoossible to Silk Waists this season, and we desire IW«S&42 H
I ®| Gowns to choose from ' at 51-50. J ¦ . This should be interesting news to* * SumerXe or deSe them t0 ? a » your attention to. them now. Es- 8
\) l^K. * «1 AO A fine Cambric Gown, mado tfi <y. Women's extra fine quality thjiwands of shoppers. here Suffice it to say that they can- • gSIaJn" Taffeta S'" Ours "SI J%9^ !
5 J/ /^ of extra quality material. It \pl.£0 Cambric Skirts, cut unusually The Designer, for fall contains not be equaled either -for -valifc. or l?e 5ereS?ly from any^ther ho2 e >^HHT\ I
1 r/L^- \ . has a V-shaped yoke, tucked long> and wide. They* have * o r me ver y interesting articles. price by any other San Francisco f^ x t^Y i^Vzt^m A \
- V^(^ \ and medallions. The-neck and sleeves- finished se^ms, and a flounce 18 inches We take subscriptions ' at,, a OQp store. They are made pf Sharkskin ™ h « « cjj Tbeein at $i« wd?o by ew 'A k EJ
I fffTMw 1 are trimmed with Normandy and Va- long, trimmed with two rows of wide y ear .....:... v . ..... OVC Broadcloth, French Voile, Crepe de st a«? io to «" « " 8 y II 1 U
\\ /U^" / lenciennes lace, and ribbon runs Torchon lace insertion, and a dust ==========================^^ Chine, etc. * * *' -3 W * / /^JVU /# £ II
W/^^ / through the beading. It sells regu- ruffle underneath of Torchon lace. ¦ \ hatptm*: x v ) Petticoat Special for Monday I* II
\y~^^" A larly for $2.25. Regular price is $i'.75- HAi^iWi. > MISSES* SUITS / ' ,, r Z ! V. i\
/ \ M\ '¦ «KntT«; *^*^*. O'Zr* Imitation diamond Hatpins, i«»«.^.-.w We will place on sale Monday one nnT^VHrW N
/ - A^J^w* M^ «r •„.« ««trif.«i:« «:v;rt« rut '5^" v ' •- •' ; C«Jw w hich* formerly sold at 50c <I1 9 fjC' ; "VVe . are now showing six • thousand. Black Sateen Petticoats at 93c, u/.'fi /*¦ W
M^Sf(m. % 73Cextr? fuVa^d long The^ and 75c, have been reduced I^.^J different styles of Misses' which are well worth $1.75. They, are t >' S
PBRSHa taSs£S?s S s ? fi "- ueS "'^^^^^^^ SSS.SwSHS 19.9s, aa^tt-fi J ; t
W^f '^ m of Torchon insertion and a dust OI * 2 -™- Gun Metal. , . j ar mixtures and plain cheviots " Covert. Have strapped seams // I I, : 1 VV
ruffle underneath, finished with a row » " ' ¦ coat collar and Skinner's guaranteed /Mm ¦f/i ¦m»A
- of Torchon lace at the bottom. The regu- - • :¦*. . ' j . . :j mr 1 . >^ . w •« -^ . . 7^ satin lining. There are turnover cuffs and. the £SOi "'III BM/ "
I lar selling value is $x.2 5 . • •- vitprecedented Vfllues in Opening of Juvenile Dept> { n6w *&* si « vc ' v -o/^ ! j : a : >^
[Most Welcome Offering of Autamri j n New and Commodious Quarters Women's and Children's Knit Under-
n Black Silks and Dress Goods %W£$W-^ .a^/',^;^ 011^ 100^ I „ , V " ' W$^M'- \~ : • .. . ~Z~T~~* 7L ~T~
[ ¦ WJ b take a deal of pride in this new department for Boys' Clothing and Furnishings. WMr Afifl Ho^lPrV RPfldV TOr OftPlMTIpr
I sale is certain to interest all contemplating purchasers of W e hav e spared nothing to. make it as, perfect as possible. Besides' being able to secure J ?? oia^ * WJIW J ******** JL * w vy^um^ |
It 1 dress materials for fall and winter. Every line offered is a yV.-". bargains at nioney-saving prices, it will.be a pleasure and comfort to buy here now. We H : . . , , ||
* guaranteed product of the best Domestic and Foreign have a much larger and finer stock than ever. • HPHIS is arr opportunity to secure igarments made for and worn 1
I LoomsfThe value? shown here are certain to insure a " quick aid . ' SUITS. • V .; | particularly during colder weather. If you buy now your i
I big response. tfj AQ New fall Sailor Suits, in navy blue cheviots. They con lc in all sizes, and arc a- very -neat and ser- . saving amounts to considerable.
r« TAFFETA. l P 6 » v r viceable suit for' the youngsters.; ¦ It is a regular $2.50 value. COTTON WEAR. . £i
f| *4Se yard— A 19-inch Guaranteed 08c yard— A 36-inch Guaranteed ' 0*0% t\r\ Bovs' new fair <!tvl« in nnnMc hr«cLi i^ut.: ,„;,,,;(„„. ~, , : ., . A Garment— Women's fleece lined Cotton Vests, which have hish B
m0;^^^mi^M^^Z^ $2 - 00 f^^^^^^^^^^ 12^!
1 Black Taffeta, worth 05c Black Taffeta, worth $i.6s. XT _. ¦ .. _ :f*s8m ' M _ . , ' - ,„ , <-, ¦ Pints to match these Vests are ankle length, an'd sell for 2^c. |
|| 75c yard-^A 27-inch Guaranteed LINING TAFFETA. SLO 05 Navy Blue Norfolk Suits, _^a CO AC Strictly pure Wool Cheviot ¦. . . ' . H
{I VAzck Taffeta worth <i 00 74c yard— A 36-inch Black Taf- | fc P«-"^ lw ' which have Eton collars. Posi- WwS© ancl Tweed Sailor Suits for CA/> A Garment— Women s fine ribbed, medium weight Cotton Under- k\
k O8c yard— A 27-inch Guaranteed feta, suitable for linings. Regu- - tively the latest style for this T^W a S cs 3 to 10 years. This is wear. Nicely lined with soft .fleece. They •:, are ; splendidly .made |
I Bhck Taffeta, worth $i..r«j. lar price is ©oc yard. fal1 - Ihey.are. amonR our latest ,•- , /. \y - • where we have made the most no- -and are of an excellent quality of matenal: The ve»ts have hi^h B
Ij ri/*T/> * shipment from the East. Regular ticeable reduction. There is not a cut necks and long sleeves, and the pants to mates come ankle ij
[•; ' COLORED TAFFETA. price $3.00. /fiS&lhv garment in the entire lot that is not length. Both are cream color. . . H
II CO rt Yard — This is as good as most 75c qualities, and there is ab- Mam _ . c .. . iL ' M?$L ¦¦iwJJn\ \ ¦ worth from $4.00 to $5.00. The ma- - trr»QTTr-pv - VI
B DOC solutely no silk .offered which' can produce a richer effect from %T> R5 l'* 1^ a th *\ ¥a £$&BlW&l $K terials consist of Blue Series. Fancy - .- HOblfcKY. H
K rustle and finish than this one that we are offering at 58c. It comes "fatly finished and solendid «£3Blwll ¦ ffiS Tweeds and Cheviots. All arc this 1 C^ A Pair— Children's fine Lisle Finished Hosiery, that looks and I
fj in colors, cream and black. mting garments. Ages 8 to 15 W$*M®$ : &y season's productions. . ' UW wears as well as anv 2^c hosiery bought to-d:iy. They have "extra i
H CREPE DE PARIS. years, fhey have been reduced from :- ' - djr 7c to fall ¦ styles spliced heels, and toes and double knees. f
I C1 Hfi Yard— An extra heavy Crepe de Paris (silk and wool)- Dress '•"¦'• , '¦ „ ¦-•';' '.H'^ :' : )f^Sfe^ ftiiD in young men's suits These -q A Pair— Women's black drop stitch Lace Hosiery, "Hermsdorff 8
H Goods, in all staple colors, cream and black. 'This particular C2 QC Boys' Serge. Norfolk Suits— r (i&m&£$ • 1 Ultsna 1 ve either double or £,7C Dye." It is unusually well made hosiery and spliced heel and toe. H
p, fabric is as cood as that sold regularly at 31.25 to $1.35 a yard. *PO»OJ a very dressy outfit for a KpilfS?* 1 *! single breasted coats. ' \V e sell them ordinarily at soc a pair. j'4
8 VOTTF youngster. They arc made '^ H Ir^-" TROUSERS. _ r , APMPNT e I]
6 • . VO1LE * . for ages 6 to 13 years. This also' is pfelfR ¦'¦•!' <\f\ All" nf nuf oif'.knw trbuwri in ' FLANNELETTE GARMENTS. H
8 LQf* Yard- 4S-inch Voile, in tan, navy, brown, cream and bfeck only. • a $485 value. -; , -"-" flESSf'HL'J 29C all s^zes and lenSths have been CH/* WOMEN'S FLANNELETTE SKIRTSamade of the best quality I
1 4VC This is an extra *ood auahty and wellworth 6 5 c a yard: . tf - . V.* 99.5O-.New fall styles ; " ' reduced f ova fe^fc^nlv dur" 50C of "Daisy" Flannel-they are cut extrajJll and from 27 tojiSS I
Blir7 «nAnri ft TH' ' I $3.00 ,'„ Russian " Blouse Suit? in ¦ . ing this Opening Sale. long. The colors are pink, blue ancl white. »
K BLACK BROADCLOTH.. all colors, including serges; W tf-l /.A Boys' Long Trousers, made tf< f)A WOMEN'S FLANNELETTTE GOWNS, made of the very I
¦ aq - Yard — As a big special for Monday we have taken a «;o-inch Black velvets, tweeds 'and homespuns. . |f H4 »pl«flv/;of the fine; quality, corduroy. i$ll«vU best quality, of "Daisy". Flannel, cut extra lonj? and full; the fcT
I 7<5C Broadcloth, highly finished and bought to sell at $i.3S a yard. There is an unusually. large variety to ' il :«fi^ ¦ They are a regular $1.75 yoke, has eight hemstitched tucks on either side; the colors are B
r| .''.-¦¦. ¦¦ • .".-¦¦; .- . r . ..;".;•-:¦•'•¦> -j... -. . ji-;i'sc\tct~fraxn.y#^r:3f&'-~£S?;z~.i^^^^^ '¦-' pink and blue. ; The regular sale price* is $i.5d. <,-'¦ ' tjHenry Hahn, a teamster living at
1513 Ellis street, while steering a
two-horse team along Bryant street
yesterday, also carried an overload of
water front whisky. Hahn toppled
from his perch, striking his head on
the railroad crossing ahd causing a
deep lacerated wourtf, which j was
closed by Dr. Glover at the Emerg
ency Hospital.
Teamster Falls From Wagon.
If you want the best In photographs to to
Lent x' i. 919 Market •&. Columbia bids. *
A. W. ' Gifford, secretary of the
Twelfth National Irrigation Congress,
which meets in El Paso November
15 to 18, Inclusive, Is in the city to
interest Californlans in the gathering.
Last year the congress met at Ogden,
Utah, and was attended' by Governors,
Senators, Congressmen and irrigators
from all over the United States. This
year it is expected that more than
3000 delegates will be present
Mr. Gifford has conferred with the
California Promotion Committee,
which is taking up the matter of se
curing attractive cartons of the vari
ous products of all sections of the
State to be distributed at the national
congress at El Paso. All fruits, pre
served products and wines will be put
National Secretary Travels to Cali
fornia in Connection With Com
in? Congress at FA Paso.
GIFFORD IS PROMOTING :
INTEREST EC IRRIGATION
physicians there are. very few cases of
contagious diseases in this city. This
Is attributed to the modern plumbing
installed in the homes under the di
rection of the plumbing experts of the
Health Department. The city Is In
a healthy condition and the Health
Department is working energetically
to keep it so. Visitors to Chinatown
have been assailed with the smell of
carbolic acid and chloride of lime.
These germ-killing ' disinfectants are
being spread over Chinatown with a
lavish hand and the whole Celestial
quarter reeks with the odor. While
the smell is disagreeable it is health
ful.
up in handy pocket form and pre
sented to the delegates. It Is believed
that by this means California will se
cure great recognition. Last year
California made a most creditable
showing at the irrigation congress.
Governor Pardee and a large number
of prominent Californlans attended.
This year's congress will show a still
greater interest in Irrigation.
Charles McLaughlin, a shoemaker
at 221 Eighth street, swallowed a
steel, nail yesterday. As is the cus
tom with men of his craft, he placed
a lot of small shoe nails In his mouth
while at work. Then he laughed at a
joke told by a customer and one of
the steel nails lodged in. his esopha
gus. At the Central Emergency Hos
pital Chief. Surgeon John I. Stephen
failed to find It with the X-ray. Mc-
Laughlin will live on mush and mash
ed potatoes for the next ten days If
the nail is not sooner found.
Shoemaker 6 wallows a XalL
Gossip anent the trip to St. Louis of
Richard Hot&llng, the rich and popular
bachelor. Is the subject of a f«w spright
ly paragraphs in this week's Town Talk.
Wizard Van Horst's varied accomplish
ments are also given space, and The
Saunterer tells how some of the Fair es
tate attorneys are spending their money,
about the I trade venture of a society
bachelor who has hitherto abhorred
work, of the loves and marriages of an
actress and ?rhy Miss Kathryn Dillon
will not have a spectacular 1 wedding.
Town Talk's Saunterer is one of the most
remarkable of news gaMierers. Harry
Cowell. the brilliant stylist, whose es
says have aroused the interest of liter
ary people throughout the country, has
become a regular contributor to Town
Talk. "Vanity of Vanities" is the title
of his essay this week. Some unique
auggestlons are to be found in Theodore
Bonnet's discussion of "The Apathetic
Democracy," and there is food for reflec
tion in his stinging remarks on "Munici
pal Imbeciles."
The Breesy Weekly.
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy
reports that before noon yesterday
morning forty-eight death certificates
were filed in the office of the Board
of Health and burial permits made
out for the v same. The excessive heat
of the last three days was responsible
for the heavy mortality. The records
show that a ten-days-old baby died
from excessive heat; that fourteen
children under six months succumbed;
five died at the Almshouse: ten de
cedents were over 70 years of age.
This is the heaviest death list record
ed by the Health Department in many
years. <
Owing to the excellent system of
fumigation and the careful watch kept
by the volunteer school inspecting
Last Three Days Saw Heaviest Death
List Recorded by Health De- |
pnrtment in Years.
EXCESSIVE HEAT* CAXJSES
INCREASED MORTALITY
The complainant alleges that the
defendant refused to allow either her
self or her representatives to exam
ine his books and ' threatened to
throw into the street any represent
ative of the plaintiff who appeared.
The income from the hotel, she
claims, is $750 a month and aside
from this Dr. Higgins is said to have
an income of $500 a month from his
dental practice. Mrs. Higgins asks
for the appointment of a receiver to
take charge of the community prop
erty and prays that -an injunction be
issued restraining her husband from
selling or In any other manner in
cumbering it.
Mr. and Mrs. Higgins were married
in Rhode Island August 15, 1902. For
a time all went well, but finally trou
ble arose and they separated. In
April of this year Higgins offered to
make a division of his property,
which included the lease of the In
verness Hotel and its furnishings. The
furnishings are'valued at $18,000, but
there Is a mortgage of $13,000 on
them. <
The married llfe'of Theodore Shel
ton Higgins, dentis^ and hotel keeper,
and his wife, Mrs. Annie B. Higgins,
has evidently been anything • but a
happy one. In a suit for divorce be
gun yesterday through Mrs. Higgins'
attorney, J. J. Lermen, Miss B. Win
ters Is , named as the co-respondent
who caused the break In the family
circle.
Demands a Separation From Her lias.
band and the Issuance of Re
. straining Orders.
MRS. HIGGINS WEARXES
OF THE MARITAL BONOS
When the case of Nguen Lun,
charged __with murder, was called In
Judge Lawlor's court yesterday to be
set for trial Attorney Hiram Johnson,
for the defendant, asked for a contin
uance of five jveeks, as other engage
ments would prevent him taking part
in an earlier trial.
Attorney Carpenter objected to a
long continuance, alleging that some
of the witnesses for the prosecution
were, ready to testify that they had
been threatened with death and bribes
had been offered to others to leave the
jurisdiction of the court before the
trial. One of the important witnesses
for the prosecution had • disappeared
since the trial and conviction of Quon
Quock Wah. v .
Johnson pointed out that the case,
had been in court for over a year and
special counsel for the prosecution
had got a continuance for two months
to enable him to go East. He char
acterized the statement of threats and
bribes as absurd and said that all the
witnesses were in court and no doubt
would be there when the case was
again called for trial.
The Judge said he hoped Johnson
could make his arrangements so as to
have an early trial, and he would con
tinue the case till next Saturday in
order to give_ Johnson time to rear
range his engagements if possible.
It was during Nguen L.un'3 trial re
cently that proceedings were stopped
when one of the jurors, David J. Kel
ly, Informed the court that Edward
W. Gunther, an attorney, had at
tempted to bribe him by giving him
$200 In gold.. Gunther was in court
yesterday to be arraigned, but at the
request of his attorney, Samuel M.
Shortridge, a continuance was grant
ed for two weeks. Judge Burnett of
Santa Rosa will preside at the trial.
Nguen Lun is one of the Chinese
tong presidents charged with the mur
der of Tom Yick of the Chinese Edu
cational Society In May of last year.
Ten presidents were indicted by the
Grand Jury for the murder. Quon
Quock Wah has been tried and-con
victed, but a motion is pending for a
new trial and the other nine have yet
to be tried. :
Defendant's Attorney Asks
for Long Delay in Trial,
but -Request Is Not Granted
BEIBES OFFERED THEM
Judge Conlan dismissed the charge
of .violating the speed ordinance
against Morris L*vy, secretary of th«
Board of Public Works, who waa ar
rested while automoblling on Stanyan
street.
• • •
When the bailiff shouted "Clara
Kerr" a fashionably attired negress
advanced from among the spectators
in Judge Mogan's court and alongside
her, with a hand supporting her arm,
stalked no less celebrated a personage
than "Jack" Johnson, the colored
pugilist, who professes to be kept
awake nights by anxiety lest he may
end his days without having (oppor
tunity to face Champion Jeffries In
the scuared circle. Mr. Johnson, too,
was all "dressed up." After escorting
Miss Kerr to the rail he bowed to her
with Chesterfleidian grace and retired,
while she went up and pleaded not
guilty to the charge of having robbed
Ferdinand Straussman of S40 while
he was visitlnsr her boudoir on Hlnck
ley place. The case was then set for
hearing next Wednesday and Miss
Kerr rejoined her dusky protector
and by him was tenderly led to the
corridor. Mr. Straussman Hves at SOS
Illinois street
Frank Murphy and wife dwell in
the lodging-house kept by Mrs. Magee
at 1016 Market street and the day of
the Knights Templar parade they
shared their front window with Mr.
and Hn. John Doe, of their acquaint
ance, while Mrs. Magee and some in
vited guests occupied the fire escape
and admired the pageant. Above the
din of the brazen brass and the cheer
ing multitude there came to Mrs.
Magee's hearing some sounds of dis
cord from the apartment rented to the
Murphy*, and hastening to Investigate
she found the four occupants furi
ously fighting. When she indiscreetly
Intervened, with a view to preserving
her furniture from demolition, Mrs.
Magee's face was viciously scratched
Ly the fingernails of Mrs. Doe and
ehe was also struck and jostled until
the fled and summoned the police.
The Does escaped before the officers
arrived, however, taking with thm.
so Mrs. Murphy alleges, $40 which
they stole from her. The. Murphys
were arrested and charged with dis
turbing the peace, but as Mrs. Magee
showed reluctance to prosecute Judge
Cabaniss dismissed them with the
usual reprimand.
In the courtroom of Police Judge
Mogan yesterday morning Mate Mc-
Ewen reiterated his statement that he
saw three men leave the ship, and
Mate Mclntosh did not attempt to re
new his skeptical oratory. The Judge
took Mate McEwen's word for It and
dismissed the case.
So the two seamen buckled on their
revolvers and stole cautiously along
the silent deck to the forecastle, but
not a sign of any person did they dis
cover. Just as Mate Mclntosh was
ubout to chide Mate McEwen for his
apparently groundless fears the latter
mariner suddenly declared that he saw
two or three 'shadowy human forms
flitting shoreward across the gang
plank, and without more ado the
twain gave pursuit. Mate Mclntosh
«aw no cuarrjr ahead, but Mate Mc-
Ewen «wor« that three fleeing men
were plainly visible to him, and he
led his companion on until he saw, or
fancied he saw, the phantom trio en
ter a, water front saloon. "We hae
them now, sure!" chuckled Mat* Mc-
Ewen as he dashed Into the wet goods
store — to find It barren of customers
and the bartender calmly dozing. No
man had entered the place for half
an hour prior to the arrival of the two
niates, the mixologist declared, and
then Mate Mclntosh did epeak his
mind to Mate McEwen. He continued
speaking it after they returned to the
street, and it was his manner of
speaking it that attracted Patrolman
J. H. Helms to the 6pot and resulted
in the arrest of both mates for carry
ing concealed weapons.
It was seven bells In the second
watch aboard the British ship Port
Elgin. moored at Harrison-street
wharf, and First Mate John McEwen
paced the after deck alone, as the
other offlcers and the crew had gone
ashore for the x evening. Hearing a
noise forward. Mate McEwen Instant
ly bethought him of bay pirates, of
whose audacity he had been warned,
and while he was considering whether
It would be best to go and Investigate
or blow a whistle to summon the po
lice, he was gladdened to see- Second
Mate John Mclntosh come up the
g-angplaak.
"Hoot, mon, but ye're th' welcome
iic ht," said Mate McEwen to Mate Mc-
Ictocb. "Theer's saethln' oncanny
grangln' on forward, an' I'm Inclined
las think It's boorglars."
"Awa* wl ye," exclaimed Mate Mc
lnto*h- "Ye maun be daft tae think
boorglars wud mak' muckle noise. If
it's onythin', it's warlocks."
"Warlocks, naethln*," was Mate Mc-
Ewea's retort. "Warlocks dlnna gang
aroon as If they wur daeln' a cake
walk. Ainly a soopersteeshlous bairn
wud ae think o' seech a thing."
"Weel, we'll gang forward an* find
oot what It Is," suggested Mate Mc
lntosh.
Bennett Bremer, newsboy, and Harry
Cohn. peddler of maps, clashed In front
of the Grand Hotel entrance last Fri
day af teraoon and Bennett struck Har-
• • ' •
Joseph Riley stole a watch from a
sleeping man In a Third street saloon
on April 17, and a few days ago he was
so Indiscreet as to enter the same sa
loon, where he was Instantly recognized
by the proprietor and given into cus
tody. Judge' Mogan gave him six
months.
• • •
For picking pockets on Kearay street
one night. last week Placidlo Gomez
Valencia, a well-dressed Mexican youth,
was pent to the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan.
• ' • •
Edward F. Beach, a carpenter, has
neglected his wife and six-months-old
babe In such a shameful way that
Judge Mogan promised to give him six
months' imprisonment when he comes
up to-morrow for sentence. After aban
doning his family Beach went to Wood
land and there met a young woman
named Kate Collins, whom he brought
to this city and installed in his father's
house, and all the money he earned
was spent on his inamorata, while his
wife and babe were saved from starva
tion only through the kindness of her
mother's parents. Mrs. John Pettle,
manager of the Universal Service So
ciety, took up the case, and it was
through her efforts that Beach was ar
rested.
"You are about as contemptible a
fellow as I ever heard of," said the
Judge to the defendant after It had
been pretty clearly shown that the
Collins girl was Drought here by Beach
to contribute to his support, "and I
only regret that there Is not a whipping
post for the punishment of such char
acters as you. When you come here
again,* however, I will take pleasure in
sending you to the rock pile for six
months."
When the cfclnatown squad raided 831
Commercial street on suspicion that It
was an opium den they found therein
three young girls, Alice Adams, Bessie
Keating and Lillian Haitnell. all of
whom bad evidently been smoking the
pipe of death. They were arrested, and
so was Ah Wong, the proprietor of the
place, and in Judge Mogan's court the
quartet pleaded not guilty of vagrancy
—the women weepingly, the man stol
idly. The police, however, told some
things concerning the defendants that
horrified even the court attaches, who
for years have been listening to un
pleasant stories of human degeneracy,
»nd the Judge disgustedly continued
the case till to-morrow.
John Smith complained that he was
thrown down the stairway of a Mission
street lodging-house by John £2. Hall,
the night clerk, but when the case was
called In Judge Mogan's court there
was no appearance for the prosecution,
and Bailiff Hickey went to the door
and lustily yelled, "John Smith!" Seven
men responded, but not one of them
was the John Smith who had signed
the complaint. .
"Case continued till next Tuesday,"
said the Judge, "and let a bench war
rant issue for John Smith."
"Am I to keep on arresting John
Smiths until I get the one that is want
ed?" inquired the bailiff.
"Next case," was the court's evasive
answer.
Miss Clifford denied ef erythlng that
Miss Davis had asserted, ' and offered
to bring any number of witnesses to
prove that she (Miss Clifford) had nev
er earned the nickname of "Rough
House Ruth." Nobody had ever ad
dressed her by that title, or even men
tioned it in her presence. The Judge
then told her to have her witnesses in
court next Tuesday.
MIes Annie Davis averred that in
the most select circle of lgwer Pacific
street society Miss Ruth Clifford is
invariably . alluded to as "Rough
House Ruth," an appellation aptly
bestowed, because Miss Clifford had a
seemingly unconquerable habit of act
ing In a disorderly manner when any
thing or anybody" vexed her. For in
stance/ when Mirs Clifford was trip
ping a two-step with a soldier in one
of the dance .halls and Mlsa Davis
playfully invited the warrior to pur
chase a drink for her. Miss Clifford
promptly knocked down Miss Davis
and then pirouetted upon her face,
leaving some unsightly marks which
she would be pleased to have Judge
Mogan make a note of before they
disappear. She (Miss Davis) did not
consider the act Justified by the
provocation. She hoped she knew
how to deport herself without violat
ing the code of dance hall ethics, and,
although she hated to drag any one
Into court, she felt it vras her duty,
not only to herself but also to the
terpsichorean sisterhood, to have Miss
Clifford punished. As for being called
a cat by Miss Clifford, she could af
ford to consider the source and over
look the insult. She might have re
torted by informing Miss Clifford that
If she wanted to see a real cat she
should have consulted her mirror, but
repartee would be wasted on such a
creature. Besides, she hardlV had time
to say anything ere Miss Clifford had
her down and out.
Witnesses/ for Prosecution
in Nguen Lnn Murder Case
Believe Lives in
One Insists That He Saw ThreelBay Pirates Depart From
the Ship, When He and His Comrade Give Chase
They Are Arrested, for Carrying Concealed Weapons
MATES OF BRITISH VESSEL
GET IN TROUBLE ON SHORE
SAY THEY FEAR
TONG'S BULLETS
ry*B eye with aueb fdrcf as to discolor
it. tor which ho was arrested. Harry
conducted his own ease In Judge , Mo-
Kan's court, and insisted that Bennett
had a rock In the flat" with which ;±he
blow waa struck. •
"Why don't.you subpena Mr, Stevens.
the manager of Knights Templar, who
saw the whole scrap?" inquired Harry.
Bubpena ' issued ' for manager; of
Knights Templar and. case continued
till to-morrow. - :' :, yi;.;
THE SAN; VKANGISCO GALL, -.SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 11, : 1904.
It is noted in New York City that
the increase in the passenger-carrying
traffic - takes J place on the elevated
roads, that on the surface lines re
maining at a stationary point. ': : -;
Cameras, photographic supplies, print
ing and developing at lowest prices. San
born, Vali & Co., 741 Market street. •
31
/ ' ADVERTISEaiENTS. , v
Our Methods W
You will realize then why Schlitz beer is pure. jM
YcnTw&sh a cooking utensil once. • We wash a bottle four v^/
I times, by machinery, before we fill it.
You use city water. We bore down 1 400 feet to rotfk for ours. ¦
You prepare food in the air of the room.v We cool Schlitz M
I- beer in plate-glass rooms and filter all the air that touches jl /J||
| Then we filter the beer by machinery — filter it through '^m
a white wood pulp. W$k
I Yet your methods are cleanly. Ours are cleanliness carnec?
"Then— for fear of a touch of impurity— we sterilize every
E bottle after it is sealed. :. We double the necessary cost IT
of our brewing to give you a healthful beverage pure. 1 1
) you wonder that we sell over a million barrels annually? II
Ask for the brewerv bottlinc* raPS
;, : " . Wholesale Distributers. >Sl
The Ocer Thai Made Milwaukee Famous* §3!p
NEWBRO'S HERPIC1DE
The CRIOLNAL nmtSy tbet "kin* tb« Dcndraft Oenp."
' & iTCr rlCrRriVjLL/fi* HABIT "Herpkto Habit" it u»u«lly farmed. A htlr-
_ . surer that grcm* la popultrity. Dellchts the
C*r»fcl (*epl« noW consider K a 6rty to sse a Ud!e« by kteplnf tht htlr U^ht«d fluffy and by
acaip propfcyUft:. as It inswes deaattaesa and ffMac It a silken (toas. Curei dandruff, stops
frMdoa from dandruff aricrobes. The refreshteg htOam hair. Gives satisfaction and cxclta* ad*
«u*Uty«idexqul*!utr*rra»ctcfHtwbrf"sHerp- ailraifon. Stoj* Itehtee lastaatly.
GOING* ! G»6ll<4G» I! GQN& H!
mnaat mum n. mnsatwuunn. tm ute rat beimcim.
Bnsi Star* tun ' taf 10c staff, to tanctOf CO, Ccpl E. fetr* Ucft, ftr I sa*. /
ArruoATipgg at ymoainrmfT babbct bkopb. *
.___;_ . ;¦;.. ."•>¦:; ¦¦-''""¦¦ "_'>/ ' __.__;_._: .yv~-. .'',..'.'.'¦' ' APVER^ 8E5I]E^^V*"An;.. r -'- N ...;
BY TRAOiwG AT THE STORE ON THE SQUARE.
Sail Francisco f s Greatest Economy Center
Furniture, Carpets; Draperies, Rugs, Matting, Linoleum, Kitchen Furnishings, Stoves
and Ranges at our always lowest prices. The Economy Sales Room will Appeal to the
economical. Odd Pieces and Samples are placed here at from *4 to % their regular value
to make place for new goods arriving daily. Take advantage of this great Bargain Dept.
$20.00 Royal Oak Dicing Table, • \T/%f Tt> /"*!> EMftkFT* V C r*f%f\t\ $ 42 - 00 Bedroom Stxit, Oak, $22.50
,...-.. ii . - $12.75 I \J \J IV \*aSJB*Ul 1 13 kfi \J UU $42.50 Chiffonier, Qtiartercd-
$16.50 Tea Table, Quartered . These Few Items Are a Caide to the Pries: Oak $34.75
'*.?£' o ¥ " V c« ' * 0 -°° 5100.00 Sideboard, Weathered $42.50 Birdseye Dresser, $28.75 \ Jj 8 ;?^ Qai L' ' ; $B l 5
$15.75 Parlor Table, Golden Oak ....:...... $60.00 $15.00 Enamel B'd t $11.25 $8.50 Mahogany Rocker . . . $6.25
Oak .:-.... $10.00 $82.50 Brass Bed. . ..... $57.50 $28.50 Folding Eed : $21.75 $9.00 Mahogany Chair .... $6.75
_ .'.', . " ¦.¦¦-¦¦ ... - /%& e\z&&' Individuality is assured in this uiT^®
Fall desj^ns more beautiful than ever. No matter department. The lines submitted %HJ *^
how exacting your taste, we can' please you. Exclu- for our approval have been un-
sive designs in Wiltons, Bige!ow Axminster§,Velvets, - "^.^ f d va l ed * I rom cac \ linc W K C hav , e sclected ' SK
_ . « i #¦* x n , ' ¦ ¦ ? • j •*-¦. rare taste, a few rather- than a great number of any one style.
Body BrttSSeiS, Tapestry Brussels, In grain and Fibre Choice designs in Curtains, Draperies, Portieres, Couch Covers,
Carpets. A magnificent Selection Of Rugs in Sizes as well as yard goods. The values offered are far above any we
ranging from the .little door mat to the fui) room size! |
The RJLGAL j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ The RENTING
cut' o!!£!K. half m^K^^^H^^P^a DEPARTMENT
on the market both in ma- B^og) l^S^i^tW^ W^^^IPS 1 ££? % &i!l flats listed in everv quarter
terial and construction. _* _J? "^^^ of the city. Service absoSchools - Will Reopen.
OAKLAND. Sept., 10. — After*, a
week's vacation the public schools of
the 'city 'will open again next. Monday.
Owing to two holidays falling; within
the week, and other things to divert
the 'student mind, the Board of Edu
cation, thought it better to declare .the
jatir« ' week a \ holiday,^ , Y j _ >
Must Serve a Year.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.-— James Har
per, who last July cut one William
W'alker ' for refusing to . give him 1 0
cents, was sentenced to ; a year. In the
County Jail by Judge , S. P. Hallrthis
afternoon.: He had entered a; plea of
not guilty, but last .Tuesday . changed
his plea to guilty. , . r
When" : Walker/ refused, his demand
Harper, lunged at ', him ".with a knife,
which struck him' under the chin. \ He
then jranV away and was : shot , by - Po
liceman Cald well! for refusing to .stop.
He. .was '; not- seriously hurt; and soon
recovered.,.;' '.''.'¦'. • '"'/./
The wife of a Chicago millionaire
has had scent distilled from some va
riety of water lily that Ib said to-be
worth $125 a drop. It takes thousands
of >/blooms of water UUea to xnak© a
OAKLAND, Sept.: 10. — Mrs. Eliza
beth - L.* Coolbaugh i died last night , at
the home of her daughter, Mrs. R. r^ C.
Craft, 1551 Ninth avenue. She; was
the • grandmother of Mrs. Frank: P.
Deering.
Death of Mrs. Coolbaugh.
STOLE CHEESE AND BREAD.— Llllie M«y
and Mary ilulme were arrested yesterday and
chained with petty larceny for «teatlng cue
pound- of- cheese and a loaf of bread from. a
stand In the Otson Market on Market itrw
The Hulme woman had been In trouble before
on a similar charge of shoplifting. Both
women wew caught la th« act by » watch
man.
The report that a, valuable. deposit of
anthracite coal in Delaware County,
New York,, has been : found at: a depth
of 200 ; feet is of importance if It shall
be fully .verified. ' The fact that an
thracite coal should be an exception to
nearly all other minerals in being found
only in a small district In » a single
State has alwayY afforded, matter .for
surprise and discussion, the more so as
bituminous • coal" has, been- found In al
most'every country; lri. the This
discovery.; to the north of the anthracite
regioiTseems'tb indicate that there may
be still other r ;coal-bearing localities
which J the geologists have not discov
ered ; and • other,.-, anthracite coal fields
may be brought to light, a 'consumma
tion devoutly- to' be wished.— Bethlehem
Globed !".'¦-;; . > "'-¦ ¦ ¦.-.- ... Ultik'T
An Anthracite Discovery.
A large number of arrests have been
made, but Legora was the only one
convicted by a Jury. It was expected
that he would immediately appeal the
case and have the merits of the ordi
nance passed upon by the higher
court. By the payment of the fine,
however. It is believed the scavengers
think their safety lies in a Police
Court jury. ; :* .
» m ¦ ¦
Oakland Amusements.
OAKLAND. Sept. 10. — Ye Liberty
Playhouse will^ present the Celtic play,
"Robert Emmet," next week, begin
ning Monday evening. Connected with
the drama will be several Irish dances
performed by J. J. O'Connell, Mr.-Kel
leher and the Misses Bessie and Hazel
Allen. The Bishop company will pre
sent the play. Landers Stevens at the
head.
At Idora Park during the coming
week a vaudeville bill will be present
ed every evening, with matinees on
Saturday and Sunday.
OAKLAND, Sept 10. — The .follow
ing marriage licenses were issuued by
the County Clerk to-day: Francis E.
Granger,' 29, ,. Point .Richmond, and
Henrietta A.NIendieck, -16, San Fran
cisco: Max F. Sahlmann. 32, and Mar
tha -F. Schauer,- 23, both of Oakland;
Charles R. Wilcpx, over 21, and An
nie Conrad, over 18, both of San Fran
cisco; ' John Peterson, 34, and Emily
Erickson,': 23, both of Berkeley; Ed
ward L. Schmidt, 28, and Edith W.
Bassett, 22," both of Oakland: George
E. Manes, over 21. and Marie T. Gal
lin, over 18,' both of Oakland: Joseph
Luna, 24. and Francis* C. Diers, 21,
both .of Decbto;" David .'I. ' Brown, 22,
and Caroline" F. Butler, 22, both of
San -Francisco; Herbert -A. Mulr, 24,
Sacramento, and Agnes B. Smith, 20,
San , Francisco; John /Vlerra.7 23/ arid
Annie Avellar, 19, both of Oakland. .,
Marriage Licenses.
Are we receiving less heat from the
sun? Returns have lately been made
to the Paric Academy of Sciences by
M. Dufour and M. Ladislas Gorczynski
which seem to show that such. Is the
case. M. Dufour dates a . marked
diminution, . beginning in December,
1902, and M. "Gorczynski reports that
it" began at Warsaw in May of that
year. Some observers are inclined to
ascribe the decrease of : solar radia
tion to the dust eiected from Mont
Pelee, others to the increase of sun
spots. It is improbable that solar ra
diation -varies - sensibly from year to
year; but the quantity of moisture in
the, air -differs from day to day. The
year 1879 was cold in England, not
because solar radiation was less, but
because the sky was nearly always
cloudy. We observe solar heat and
light at the bottom of an ocean of air,
the "changes . of which must have far
more to do with our records than al
terations on the sun's surface, stu
pendous as these are... Several coun
tries experienced a j hot year. In 1879,
though it was a .wet, cold one with us.
—London Telegraph. '
Decrease 'of Solar' Radiation.
Greenleaf Davis, the hermit of
Mount Katahdin, tells of a bluejay's
nest that contained the shells of more
than 250 eggs, which the Jays had
stolen from the nests of song birds
and taken home for their young to
feed on. Hidden In one side of the
nest was a gold watch, which a hunt
er from Worcester had lost the pre
vious autumn ¦ and had accused* his
guide of stealing. The watch had
been hung on a limb of a lean-to
camp at night and when the hunter
woke in the morning the timepiece
was missing. — New York Tribune.
The Blnejay Pirate.
OAKLAXD, ¦ Sept.- 10. — The cele
bration of a wedding secretly per
formed a year ago at Ukiah is just
being held by Mr. and Mrs. William B.
Barnum, who have left for t an extend
ed trip to < the East on their- honey
moon. Mrs. Barnum was formerly
Miss Esther Danner. , . . '
A' year ago Miss Danner went to Al
bion, in Mendoclno County, on a visit
to her brother. ' She was followed by
Barnum, and brotherand sister and' a
friend accompanied the. groom to
Ukiah, .where the ceremony was per
formed. For> reasons of their- own
the young couple kept the .marriage
a secret. The groom Is in. the em
ploy of the Oakland Transit Consoli
dated.
William IJarnum and Miss Esther
Banner Announce Their Wedding
' of a Year Ago. r ', y.'V--
YOUNG COUPLE LEAVE
ON DELAYED HONEYMOON
Colonel Grandprey, once French mili
tary attache In Peking, gives some very
Interesting information regarding the
Chinese army in the Revue de Paris.
He says that few countries have such
excellent" material" as China for an
army, where the whole population of
420,000,000 consists, so to speak, of one
people, displaying the same racial
qualities. The Chinese is long-lived and
tenacious 'of life.. . He thnlyes in every
climate, in spite of the heat or cold,
is extremely thrifty, and therefore eas
ily supported* He has nerves of steel,
he can sleep .in any position .and in
any place, ' and can do with a mini
mum • of ., sleep. > He seldom needs a
doctor and bears pain with the great
est, stoicism. The Chinese is very
teachable, and what he has once been
taught he never forgets. — London
Globe. .«
China's Soldier Material.
Steven Spencer Falls Under Car In
Trying to Jump On and Lee
Is Crushed. '
OAKLAND, Sept. 10.— In trying to
jump uie circus train - this morning
Steven 'Spencer, a 15-year-old lad,
living at 1228 Filbert street, fell under
the wheels and had his left foot taken
off Just above 'the ankle. He was
very weak from loss of blood when ,he
arrived at the Receiving Hospital and
is- recverliig very,- slowly from an
anesthetic and effects of an operation.
. Young Spencer is a schoolboy, but
carries i a paper route, and about 7
o'clock this morning was at the Six
teenth-street station watching the
circus train switching. He tried to
jump' aboard to sell some papers to
the crew and as he did so he bumped
against a boy who jumped just ahead
of him. He fell, under the car and
his left leg was caught' and crushed.
He was removed to the Receiving
Hospital! where Drs. R. T. Stratton,
A. S. Kelly and ,M. , L. Emerson
operated on the leg, removing the
foot. His condition, owing to his
weakness,' Is considered critical.
CIRCUS TRAIN TAKES
OFF SMALI/ BOY'S FOOT
OAKLAND, Sept. 10. — Rather than
appeal their cases to the Superior
Court and take a chance on a decision
going against them, the scavengers
have decided to pay a fine in case of
conviction. This decision was first
made apparent to-day, when Angelo
Legora, convicted of collecting gar
bage tn violation of the city ordinance,
paid a fine of $20.
Angeto Ijcgora Pays His Fine of 520
Instead of Taking Case to
Higher Court.
SCAVENGERS NOT TO '
APPEAIj THEIK CASES
The proprietor of the Japanese tea
store on the South Side has been much
annoyed by the incessant howling of
his neighbor's dog under his window
while he was trying to sleep.
There came a night when his patience
gave way.
He raised the window, stuck his head
out and called to his neighbor:
"Mist' Jones." he said, "will you dr>
the kindness for request the honorable
dog that he stop his honorable bark?
If you don't, by gosh, I knock his jam
head off!"
The student of philology will not neea
to be 'told where the native Japanese
politeness of the speaker left off and
the demoralizing influence of his Araer*
lean environment came In.— Chicago
Tribune.
Heredity and Association.
> Completely exhausted by the . strain
of the long:. service held in celebration
of the Jewish new year, the Rev.
Marcus Friedlander, rabbi of the First
Hebrew. Congregation of Oakland,
fainted this morning as he left the
pulpit. It was at the close of his ad
dress on "The Value and Uses of
Time." The new year service had
lasted for more than four hours, clos
ing with the sermon by the rabbi.
Rabbi Friedlander was seen to stag
ger and sink down as he was leaving
the pulpit. In a moment he was sur
rounded by the excited members of
the congregation, 'Several of whom
carried him to his study and sent at
once for a doctor. Before the physi
cian ' arrived, however, Rabbi Fried
lander had recovered consciousness,
and shortly afterward was able ,to
take a carriage to his home. The
physician diagnosed the case as one
of physical exhaustion resulting from
continued mental strain. A few days
of rest will enable Rabbi Friedlander
to resume his duties.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
•1016 Broadway, Sept 10.
WILLOWS, Sept. 10.— The Union
High School of Willows has entered
on its autumn term, and this year
marks many changes in the teaching
force as well as in the curriculum.
There will be four teachers, instead of
three as formerly. The extra teacher
was employed to make possible the of
fering of a complete commercial
course. Professor Smith, for eight
years principal of the Grass Valley
High School, has been appointed prin
cipal. Miss Hust and Miss Roesch are
two other new appointees, the former
having charge of the newly organized
commercial department. Air. Lathrop
Is the only teacher remaining over
from last year.
The school will now offer all subjects
required for admission to the State
University, and will obviate the neces
sity of Its graduates taking entrance
examinations to enter Berkeley. The
commercial department will offer
courses In typewriting, stenography,
bookkeeping and commercial law.
Staff of Teachers Is Increased and
Course of Studies Is
Added to.
CHANGES MADE IX UNION'
HIGH SCHOOL. OF. WILLOWS
Kev. Marcus Friedlaiider
Collapses at Conclusion
of His Morning Service
D0CT0K IS CALLED * IN
Strain of Conducting Jew
ish New Year Ceremonies
Exhausts Oakland Eabbi
Tuesday will also bring with It Ebell's .n
augtiral luncheon and the attendance promises
to be • unusually large. The fraternal feeling
is strong In this splendid organization and the
members are'always glad to 'meet again after
the long vacation. '.'Mrs. Harry P. Carl ton has
the music in charge, which- fact Insures an
Interesting programme. Miss .Mary Alverta
Morse, who has just returned from, an Eastern
concert tour, will be heard for, the first time
since her wturn. ,Mrs. Arthur . Grynn .and
Mrs. Louis Hengstler, both accomplished musi
cians, will also assist in making the occasion
a delightful success. * . • . > . . .
The beautiful lakeside home of the Francis
Cuttings Is to be the scene of the Unity. Club's
initial meeting of the season nft^O. Tuesday
evening. There Is no more artistic residence
in Oakland and its situation, overlooking the
lake, makes it an ideal place for an alfresco
party, such as the Unity. Club is planning.
Sixteen guests will 'enjoy a pre-nuptial
luncheon given by Mrs. Willard Forsythe Wil
liamson for Miss May Young next Thursday.
The ¦ weddtn* of Miss Young and Dr. McNab
on September 22 promises 'to be the most bril
liant affair of the kind this year.
The Henry A. Butters have returned from
Santa Barbara with their two dashing daugh
ters. Misses Marie and Marguerite Butters,
and Alta Vista will doubtless be the scene . of
many social pleasures this winter. The hand
some Piedmont home has been closed for tiome
time, as the family was In mourning, i The
Butters are. frequent and hospitable entertain
ers and have already given 'several Informal
affairs since their return. A coaching party
in honor, of Miss Laura ' Prather and her
fiance, Guy "Waterbury, was on the cards for
to-day, a luncheon in San Leandro being part
of the programme. . Besides the guests of
honor, the party included Miss Waterbury,
Mr. and Mrs. - Thomas' Prather, Miss Evelyn
Hussey, Phihp Pashal and Thomas Fry.
Mrs. Philip Clay. who. by. the way. Is a
sister of the Mies Barry who is to officiate as
bridesmaid at the Kendall-Lowden wedding,
was the -motif for a pleasant afternoon -affair
Thursday at the home of Miss Kathleen Kent
in. San Francisco. Cards were the order of
amusement ' and several Oaklanders were
among the jruesls. who were:
Mrs. Clay, Ferdinand Stephenson. Mrs. Oli
ver- Dibble, Miss Jessie Cole, Miss Laure
Farnsworth. Miss de Long,' Miss Letitia Barry,
Miss Virginja Glbbs. Miss Katherin Hall, Miss
Donaldson. Mrs. George H. "Palmer and Miss
Gertrude Palmer.
' By a pleasant coincidence, the wedding of
Frank ¦ C. . Kendall, Miss Kendall's brother,
will take place on the same day in far away
South Africa. Miss Anne Oannichael is the
name- of Mr. Kendall's fiancee and they will
reside in Cape Town, where he is successfully
engaged in business.
- The bride-to-be is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Prank I. Kendall and is one of the most
attractive girls in her set. Her debut a year
or so asro was a brilliant event. . : '
The lucky man Is also a social favorite. He
is a brother of Mrs. George Clarke Davis,
whose wedding with ex-Mayor William 11.
Davis' son was -one of- last year's, most in
teresting events. - He is associated in busi
ness with his father, William .Herrin Lowden,
manager of the Norwich Union Fire Insurance
Ccmpany. - !
Miss L«tltla Barry. wUl.be Miis Kendall's
maid of boner.
OAKLAND, Sept. ' 10. — Few young women
are able to keep so momentous a secret as an
engagement, but outside of the circle of Inti
mates not many of Miss Isabelle Kendall's
friends knew of her betrothal to E. Kenneth
Lcwden until her formal -announcement a few
days ago. Young Lowden hae been most.at
tentive for some time and Dame Grundy j has
been wisely nodding her head, but little did
she suspect that an elaborate trousseau was
already in course of construction and . that, the
devoted couule had even then . selected their
future home. In fact every preparation for the
wedding — which Is to be November 16 — was
complete before Miss . Kendall took the world
Into her confidence.
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
SOCIETY EVENTS.
FAINTS AFTER
LONG SERVICE
A highbinder murder, followed by an
attempt to burn the body'of the victim
In his cabin, has startled the people of
Irvington, and the constables of sev
eral townships are trying to find a clew
to the perpetrator of the .erlme.
Sing Kee,' a prosperous young
farmer, was found literally hacked . to
pieces in his burning cabin about.mid
night Friday. The flames attracted. the
attention of Nick Pahrelfall, on whose
ranch the Chinese had his cabin, and
he went to extinguish the fire. Look
ing into the cabin he saw Kee's % body
lying upon the floor. He drew the body
out ere the cabin was destroyed.
It was evident that the victim had
engaged in a terrible struggle. The
place was In utmost disorder. . The
man's head was • nearly severed from
the body, and other deep gashes lndi-,
cate that a meat cnopper was the
Weapon used.
It Is believed that Kee 'made enemies
by his good luck at gambling and that
some, one whose money, he *had won
killed and robbed him.
The .murder may bring on a tong
war, , as Kee's tongmen will surely en
deavor to revenge his death.
Oakland Office' San 1 Francisco Call,
1016 Broad way, Sept. 10.
Then Mrs. Huntley resorted to hose
and water. The son and heir of the
Huntley household was instructed to
attach the garden hose to the faucet,
and, as the statement upon which was
based the warrant goes, Mrs. .Hunt
ley directed the nozzle, while the
son and heir turned on the stream.
The trater succeeded where Mrs.
Huntleys orders had failed and Mrs.
Wright beat a retreat that was equal
to one of the great Russian move
ments. Drenched and angry Mrs.
Wright started off for the City. Hall
and swore out a warrant for the ar
rest of Mrs. Huntley. Mrs. Wright
gays that while Mrs. Huntley had the
water on her she is going to have the
law on Mrs. Huntley.
Then came the clash. The ladder
rested upon the Huntley property.
Mrs. Huntley ordered her neighbor
off the ladder and the ladder off her
property. The order was not obeyed
and Mrs. Wright went ahead cleaning
her windows. The order was repeated,
but the operation of cleaning the
Wright windows went calmly ahead.
The Huntleys and the Wrights are
neighbors. There is no record of
family disturbances up to this after
noon, but to-day the trouble came in
ehowers. Mrs. Wright wanted to
clean the windows of her home that
overlooked the Huntley property. In
order to do this she placed a ladder
against the house, mounted ' the lad
der and went to work with water and
a wilL
Mrs. Daisy Huntley of 613 Sixth
street was too free with a stream of
water from the family hose and now
she Is under arrest for battery, the
charge being preferred by Mrs. C. M.
Wright. It is true that Mrs. Huntley
denies the battery, but the heartless
police served the warrant that was
sworn to by Mrs. Wright, and the
question of whether turning a stream
of water upon a neighbor is battery
will have to be determined by the
Oakland courts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept. 10.
Miss Clara Haggert testified that she
saw some of the articles on the bed
in the defendant's room on the , day
that Miss McNaughton was packing
her clothes to leave Mrs. Mein's em
ploy.
The examination was continued un
til Friday, September 16, at 10:30
a.m. •
"I do not," answered the witness/"
"And you never saw any of these
articles in the possession of the de
fendant?"
"No. I did not."
Charles Kydd, an employe of Taft
& Pennoyer, appraised the stolen
property at about iZO.
•"You do not know, except on hear
say, that Grace McNaughton ever had
any of this property ; in her- posses
sion?" Attorney Frick asked Mrs.
Mein.
Mrs. Mein In response to questions by
Attorney Baker stated that last April
she employed the defendant as a
servant, and a few weeks afterward
she missed several articles from - her
wardrobe, pome table linen and a num
ber of pieces of bric-a-brac. She noti
fied the Chief of Police, who detailed
Detective Shorey on the case, andean
investigation by the latter resulted in
fastening suspicion on Miss McNaugh
ton.
"Did you ever order the Chief of Po
lice to offer the girl freedom from pun
ishment if she would confess 7" asked
Attorney Frick.
"I did not," answered the witness.
"I offered no inducements to her, nor
to the Chief. At my house she said
she had taken the things." -'."
The answer was stricken out.
After all the property had been
Identified by Mrs. Mein she told how
she had recovered it. "These articles
were returned* to me. by Mrs. Law
son," answered the witness, "who
seemed to know where all my things
were and she was wearing a piece of
the jet on. her hat. I then called up
Chief Hodgkins and had : all the. ar
ticles laid out when Detective Shorey
called, and when he saw them he
laughed and said he wished- he was
in the swim, too. Then he brought
Grace McNaughton to see me. I
asked the Chief to arrest Grace, but
he refused, saying that I ought to
wait awhile. I Insisted that he arrest
her, as it had been shown she stole
the property. Still he refused to do
so."
Miss McNaughton was represented
by Attorney A. L. Frick, while District
Attorney Allen and Attorney George
W. Baker, counsel for Mrs. Meln, ap
peared for the prosecution. The girl
was accompanied by her sister, Mrs.
Kate Ramsey, and Mrs. White, .the
wife of Deputy. Sheriff Peter White.
She was very pale from the effects of
her recent illness, and her pallor was
heightened by contrast with her black
dress and hat-' Aside from a slight ner
vousness at the opening of the trial she
showed no trepidation.
The confession obtained by Chief of
Police Hodgkins ' from Grace Mc-
Naughton, who. is charged with grand
larceny by Mrs. Thomas Meln. was
ruled out at the preliminary examina
tion of the accused, which began this
morning before Justice of the Peace
James G. Quinn. The Judge made his
ruling under a decision of the Supreme
Court to the effect that a law officer
who has given advice to a person ac
cused of crime in order to obtain evi
dence has no right to testify against
that person. In response to the ques
tion of District Attorney Allen, Chief
Hodgkins said • that he had advised
Miss McNaughton to make a clean
breast of the matter.
Oakland Office' San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept-'lO.
The Garden City Cyclers of San Jose
won the fifty-mile championship relay
race yesterday, the feature event of the
second day's racing at Ingleside track,
under the auspices of the California
Associated Cyclists. A fair crowd as
sembled to cheer for their dubs. The
day was marred by a strong, chilly
wind, which blew down the homestretch
of the course and made pedaling a
strenuous task for the riders. The time
of the relay was 2 hours and 45 min
utes. Only two clubs entered, the Gar
den City Cycler* and the Reno Cyclers'
Club. Each club was represented ,b»
ten riders, each of whom had to ride
five miles.
The man who rode the first relay for
the Reno club 13 probably the cause of
their, defeat. J. P. Berryessa, the Gar
den City man, succeeded in leaving him
more . than half a mile behind at the
end of the fln»t five miles. The Reno
men rode gallantly from then on and
succeeded in cutting the lead down so
that when the end of the fifty miles
was finished they were less than a
quarter of a mile in the rear, with
Knox, -their final courier, riding des
perately and gaining on his opponent.
The opening event was a two-mile
race for men who had never started. In
the final heat C. Johnson of the New
Century Club defeated H. Stander
wick.
A three-mile motor race, which was
won by A. Yonge of the New Century
Club, proved uninteresting.
The five-mile motor race was easily
captured by C. McCormick of the Cali
fornia Cycling Club.
Following are the winners and the
time made in each event:
Maiden race, two miles: First heat —
Won by C. Johnson, N. C. ; A. Maizo. C.
C. C, second. Second heat— Won by H.
Standerwlck, Reno; W. Bailey. O. W.,
second. Final heat— Won by C. John
son,- N. C. W.; H. Seanderwick. Reno,
second; time 6:27 2-5.
Three-mile motor cycle race — Won by
A. Yonge, N. C. W.r R. Williamson,
O. W., second. Time. 4:23 1-5.
Five-mile motor race — Won by C. Mc-
Cormick, C. C. C: H. Blaumont, C. C.
C, second. Time. 8:18.
Relay race, fifty miles, five miles for
each rider— J. P. Berryessa, G. C W.,
12:46; J. Peckham. Reno, 14:02.
. Second relay — C. Showalter, G. C. W.,
time 13:09; W. Cornmeyer, Reno, time
13?35. ' '."
Third relay— W. P. Magginl. O. C. W..
time 14:05; C. Mershon, Reno, time
14:24.
Fourth relay — M. Grey, G. C. W., time
12:06: A. Carter, Reno, time 12:58.
' Fifth relay— J. E. Beauck. G. C. W..
time 12:24; D. H. Updike. Reno, time
13:25.
Sixth relay— B. Murphy, O. C- W..
time 13:44; A. Mackenzie, Reno, time
13:06.
Seventh relay — C. Marty, G. C. W..
time 14:54; G. Johnson, Reno, time 13:59.
Eighth relay— A. Diefenbacher. G. C.
W., time 12:13; George Mieffley. Reno,
time 12:40.
Ninth relay— E. B. Wastle. G. C. W.,
time 13:38; O. Peckham, Reno, time
13:01.
Tenth relay— W. C. Waibel. G. C. W..
time 12:51; C. L. Knox. Reno. 12:05.
Professor Ward observes that tuber
culosis in fowls exists extensively
among many large poultry ranches In
this State, but it seldom kills enough
fowls at one time to excite the alarm
of of the owner. Its existence in a
fleck constitutes *~ a steady drain,
though- it fails to attract much atten
tion, * because the losses are so . evenly
distributed In point of time. In the
first outbreak ' of the disease brought
to the attention of Professor Ward the
owner lost 250 fowls out of a* flock of
1400 in one year, . indicating that the
disease is distributed broadly enough
now to demand the serious attention
of poultrymen.
Professor Wand finds tuberculosis to
be an infectious disease caused by or
ganisms known as tubercle bacteria,
which enter the body of the fowl and
multiply there. Infection is trans
mitted principally through droppings
into the food from tuberculous
chickens. There Is no evidence to In
dicate that tuberculosis is spread
through the egg, though it is possible
that this may be so.
There ,1s no, known remedy for the
cure of tuberculosis in fowls, any more
than for the disease in man. Killing
Is the only real preventive and this
should be done soon as the disease
manifests itself.* The disease can only
be controlled by measures designed to
keep the healthy fowls separated from
the diseased ones and perfect sanita
tion, spraying the roosting-houses with
disinfectants and keeping the young
pullets a\f ay from -the affected stock
or from land recently occupied by the
latter.
Tuberculosis in fowls is not a mat
ter that intimately concerns the public
health. This conclusion has been
reached by Professor Archibald R.
Ward, professor of veterinary science
and bacteriology at the University of
California, after an exhaustive exami
nation into the question of the prob
ability of the transmission of the
germs of Consumption from fowls to
man. In a bulletin issued at the uni
versity to-day Professor Ward sum
marizes his conclusions in the follow
ing language: •
The subject of relationship between
tuberculosis * in man and cattle and
the disease in fowls is full of interest.
Tuberculosis in cattle is prevalent In
the same district In which -the disease
In if owls occurs, and examples of
tuberculosis in both cattle and fowls
on the same ranch have been observed.
Attempts to transmit the disease from
man or cattle to fowls have . usually
failed. Successful transmission of the
disease to" 1 fowls from man or cattle
has rarely been accomplished. Cattle
are found upon but a very small per
centage of the poultry ranches, and in
consequence the question of the pos
sible transmission of the disease from
cattle . to fowls is relatively unim
portant.
"Tuberculosis in man is not notice
ably prevalent in j the community
where- most cases of the disease in
fowls, have been found, for it is not
frequented by consumptives in search
of favorable climatic conditions. The
possibility of the transmission of tu
berculosis from poultry to man is a
matter concerning which it Is exceed
ingly difficult to collect evidence. The
fact that chickens, when eaten, are al
ways well cooked indicates that there
is practically no danger from that
source. It has not been proven that
tuberculosis is transmitted through
the egg, and furthermore, most eggs
are well cooked when served. ! It does
not appear therefore that tuberculosis
in fowls Is a matter that very inti
mately concerns public health." '
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Sept. io.
Mayor Warren Olney has decided
that property belonging to the city
should not be sold, no matter what the
conditions surrounding the sale. This
general principle of municipal owner
ship was announced by the Mayor to
day, when he vetoed an ordinance by
which the city sold to P. McDonnell a
small portion- of the land upon which
the'Alden firehouse stands. By this act
Mayor Olney has laid down a rule of
city government that affects every mu
nicipality in the State and which will
become a precedent that is likely to be
quoted for years to come.
The property involved is a smallV
shaped piece that jutted into a lot
owned by McDonnell, and the City
Council passed an ordinance selling this
section to him for $64 in order to
straighten out the property lines of his
lot. Mayor Olney to-day decided that
it was against public policy to sell any
city property, and vetoed the ordinance,
distinctly declaring that it would create
a bad precedent. He also asserts that
the City Council cannot sell property
without advertising for bids, which was
not done in this case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 10.
In the afternoon while the spectators
were waiting for Bell to arrive a spe
cial exhibition doubles match was
played. In it the Hardy brothers were
pitted against Percy M unlock and Will
Allen. The former champions played
almost as well as ever and Murdock
and Allen were outclassed. The latter
won the third set,- but the first, second
and fourth sets went to the Hardys.
The score was 6-0, 6-3, 1-6, 6-4. *
The four. Sutton sisters will play ex
hibition matches on the Golden Gate
Park courts this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Those -who were unable to go to- San
Rafael will be given an opportunity to
see the greatest lady tennis players in
the country In action. ¦¦
The men's consolation doubles and
women's consolation singles were also
finished. In the former Stewart Gay
ness and John Donnell took first prize.
They beat Herbert Long and Carl'Gar
dener in the finals after losing the first
two sets. The score was 4-6, 2-6, 7-5,
6-1, 16-2.
In the other consolation event Mrs.
Hendrick and Mrs. Seymour met in the
finals and the match was as fast and
interesting : as any In which the young
er ladies participated. Mrs. Hendrick
lost the first set and looked to be beat
en in the second, but she stuck gamely
to "it and finally won out. The score
was 4-6, 8-6, 8-6.
The challenge match of the men's
singles in the tennis tournament was
not completed yesterday and the cham
pionship is still undecided. Champion!
Bell was delayed en route from the
East and did not arrive at San Rafael
until after 4 o'clock. At 5:30 Bell was
on the courts and playing. He was
tired from several days' travel, but
when the committee decided to play
the match he was too good a sports
man to protest.
Two sets were played before dark
ness came to Bell's rescue. MacGavin
played better than he ever did before
in his life and the champion lost both
sets. It , was an uneven contest with
MacGavin at his best and Bell tired
and in poor shape to play. After the
first two ga^mes MacGavin was con
stantly in the lead. He drove and
chopped to perfection and kept the
balls close to the net. On the other
hand, Bell was off on his volleying and
seemed unable to get started. Had the
match been finished yesterday Mac-
Gavin would undoubtedly have won In
straight sets...
The score stood 6-2, 6-3, In favor of
MacGavin when the match was post
poned until Monday morning at 10
o'clock.' With a lead of two sets
"love," MacGavin is almost sure to win
the championship. The tournament
committee undoubtedly made a mis
take in ordering the match played yes
terday. It. was hardly fair to the cham
pion, considering the delay was in no
way his fault. , . • ,
The ladies' doubles and mixed dou
bles were completed yesterday and
brought out two of the prettiest
matches of the week. . Miss Gabriel
Dobbins and Miss Florence Sutton won
the ladies' doubles championship, rat
ing Miss .Violet Sutton and Mrs. Bruce
in the finals.
Miss Violet Sutton and Trowbrldge
Hendrick carried off the honors in the
mixed doubles. In the finals they beat
Miss Florence Sutton and Fletcher El
liott. The match wentsto the winners
In straight sets, both of which were
8-6. In the first set Miss Sutton and
Elliott overcame a lead' of 5-1, but lost
the set. The second set was equally
close and there were numerous exciting
rallies.
The match in ladies' doubles was the
most interesting of the kind - ever
played at San Rafael. It was also one
of the best uphill fights on record. Miss
Dobbins and Miss Sutton lost the first
set. In the second and third sets the
score was 5-1- against them. They
pulled out both the sets, the score of
the second being 10-8 and the third 8-6.
In the last two sets Miss Dobbins did
some remarkable driving. Miss Viofet
Sutton did some excellent volleying and
won many aces. The score was 4-6, S-6,
8-6. ¦ -v>:^;' : - ' •
Dispute Over a Property
Line Results in a Row
Between the Two Women
Professor A. R. Ward Sug
gests Killing as Surest
Way of Staying Ravages
Chief of Police, However, Is
Not Allowed to Tell What
the Defendant Told Him
Land Sold Is Only a Small
Strip, but s the Principle
Involved Is Important
Four Sutton Sisters Will
Play Exhibition Matches
at Park This Afternoon
Believed That Murder Was
Committed by Some Person
Whose Money Victim Won
DARKNESS SAVES TITLE
Last of the Championship
Races at Ingleside Track
Should Prove Interesting
WORK OF A HIGHBINDER
SWEARS TO A WARRANT
DISEASE GAINS GROUND
AVOIDS BAD PRECEDENT
HER ACCUSER TESTIFIES
GREAT CARD FOR TO-DAY
Mrs. C. M. Wright Drenched
by Stream Directed by
Her Next Door Neighbor
Mayor Olney of Oakland
Lays Down an Important
¦ Rule of City
Grace McNaughton, Charged
With Grand Larceny, Ap
pears in Justice's Court
Bell Plays Two Sets With
MacGavin and Goes Down
to Defeat in, Each of Them
Tuberculosis in Chickens
Presents Little Menace
to the Health of People
Remarkable Relay Team
From Sage Brush Country
Loses to San Jose Riders
Mutilated *Body of a Young:
Fanner Discovered in a
Cabin That Was Burning
BATTERY FROM
GARDEN HOSE
FOWLS DO NOT
ENDANGER MAN
CANNOT SELL
CITY PROPERTY
ACCUSED GIRL
SCORES POINT
CHAMPIONSHIP
STILL IN DOUBT
RENO WHEELMEN
ARE DEFEATED
FIND CHINESE
BADLY HACKED
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
¦-'•-¦ •. i . * ¦ ; " " • ¦ «'¦.¦--,*¦-.-* r 'j ¦ ipb *. ¦ > * * - - -» -^ --¦ j- r •"*¦ " ¦- 1 1 1 , H'.l'i ¦¦ t I - ¦ ' ¦ ' •
THE 'SAK FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY/ SEPTEMBER .11, 1904.
, It was found the other day In Lon
don that a stolen dog which failed to
Identify its owner had been dosed with*
aniseed by the thief. Aniseed de
stroys the sense of smell temporarily
The dog did not -recover for two or
three days, t .
A French authority had two ther
mometers—one. of ordinary glass, the
other painted black— placed In the. sun.
In the white glass the mercury rose. to
144." Under the black* paint it .went up
to 157; In, the same position. The infer
ence is that people .who .wear black
coats are warmer in the^sunshlne than
those who dress in white.
White and Black In Summer.
BENT.TO ASTLUM-— OAKI«AND. Sept 10.
Mrs. A. ,E.. Westerbers was committed to>
Stockton .Insane Asylum thl» afternoon by
Jut'.;* B. F. Osden. She. Is 60 years of ir*
and Is afflicted with religious mania Until
recently she lived at 1406 Ninth street Ala
med*. -3S£aM&9KhHMatBSM *
PAT8 OFF BONCS.-OAKLAJfD, Sept. 10.
Notice was filed with the County Clerk to-dav
of the payment of $l,«30.0OO worth of non
rare bonds by the Oakland Transit Consoli
dated. This Is a part of a $3,000,000 loan •<?
cured from the Union Trust Company of s*n
Francisco in 1902. , . .
Real Estate Dealer Dead.
; OAKLAND, . Sept. ';„ 10.— Frank > P.
Leer {a- real; estate . dealer, \ died; last
night ; at his homeV • 362 Verrion ; street,
aged ; . 4 8 years. The'funerar takes place
to;niorrqw. at 2:30 p. m. , from the
family, residence. . ., . . . . -, ,;
Bicycle Thieves 'Busy.
OAKLAND. Sept. 10. — Bicycle
thieves are operating boldly, in this
city and four thefts have been re
ported to the police in two days. John
Hcllcnd had one taken' from near the
corner of Clay and Fourteenth streets.
J. . A. . Etter . lost one from; in front ¦ of
867 Broadway.. *J. B. Morris reports
one stolen from in front of the Bacon
block, while J. A~. Jackson complains
that he had 'one taken from In front
of 1165 Broadway.
Foothilfe Fire Mastered.
OAKLAND. Sept- 10. — The lire that
started in Alain eda and crept over the
liills into Contra Costa has been ex
tinguished upon that side of the ridge.
Yesterday, as far as this county, was
concerned, the fire was out, but It
made considerable headway in the
Contra Costa canyons, and it was not
Aintil this afternoon that it was com
pletely mastered- A charred; and
Slackened mantle ten miles Ions and
Vive miles wide lies over the country
the fire devastated.
32
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CAJLL IN
AIAMED A COUNTY
PAKIiAND.
1016 Broadway.
>Telephbne| Main 1088.
, BERKELEY.
;{¦ .2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
-¦¦ ; . . .-.¦-- '• - _¦ ¦ ¦ •
, AliAMEDA.
USS Park Street.
Telephone Alauieda 55t.An Open Switch Wrecks Vehicles and
Gives Travelers a Bad
Shaldns Up. ..
or State committees are untrue. He
is gratified with the efforts of both
the committees. He believed the
members of all of them are. working
intelligently, harmoniously and ef
fectively and that they are wise In not
telling about It. The Judge has
thought of going to New .York for a
day or two after the publication of his
letter of acceptance, but he may not
even do that."
CROWDED CARS COLLIDE,
BUT PASSENGERS ESCAPE
Mo«t men figure, that the lightning
will strike someone else.
v We aro selling agents for .'The "Water-'
man' Ideal : Fountain Peri", arid sole agents
'for.'i-The? Marshall." ; the; best $1 fountain
pen Gver; made. Sanborn,.Vall &Co.,-741
Mafketv street. * ;e— >
Good Points , to Remember.
John H. Peterson of 642 Clay street
was found_ dead last night and the
body was removed to the Morgue.' The
cause of his death was presumably
heart disease. Two bank books found
on Iii« person showed that- he had an
account of $12,000 in " local, savings
banks. He was about: 65 years old.
Capitalist Dies Suddenly.
The London cabman Is noted for his
up-to-date repartee.^ One of ; them
silenced another of his kind the other
day by: shouting: "You fit to drive a
keb ! ; Why you .ain't *; fit to command
a Russian battleship, Cyou ain't" r t'
of Ills Campaign.
} ) ESOPUS, y Sept. 10.— Th? following
authoritative statement' was issued . at
Rosemount to-day; •
'.'Arthur McCaiHland, ; Judge Par
ker's private /secretary." ' this morning
stated that the ' stories -to the*: effect
that Judge y.. Parker ; is to ' go : to . New;
¦York f to {take ; personal • charge of , the
canvass { or to assist ¦ the ¦ cornmi ttee In
its conduct [\ or that he is Tdlssatisfled
with. the work of ,' either '• the' national
Judge ."Will Not Take, Personal Clutivje
PARKER Iti i SATISFIED.
R. A. Crothers, proprietor of the
Bulletin, was attacked by an un
known man aa he was passing through
Clara lane on his way to his office at
11 o'clock last night. He was cut
over the left eye, across the bridge
of the nose and over the right ear.
The wounds were apparently Inflicted
by a dull instrument. Non8 of them
is serious. The assailant fled down the
alley, toward Sutler street. .
Assaulted by Unknown Man.
A very 'attractive booklet, containing
numerous views. of the German-Tyrolean
Alps, is being widely' distributed, adver
tising, that ;. unique feature of the Louis
iana 1 Purchase Exposition. It is consid
ered one Of the - principal amusement
concessions- of .the World's Fair. This
remarkable reproduction is a 'world by
itself, offering the visitor amusement,'
rest and refreshment, and the manage
ment leaves nothing undone , to promote
the pleasure, entertainment and comfort
of patrons.- The German-Tyrolean- Alps
are directly opposite the main ; entrance
to the fair and must, be seen to realize
even in a meager way the immensity of
the undertaking. , s .-' ¦ •-' "-.'..
The Alps at St. Louis.
ST. PETERSBURG/ Sept. 10.— The
Red Cross officers fear an- epidemic of
disease will break out In bothurniles..
the ' torrents ; of rain which fell after,
the tan days' fighting dt Llaoyang
having compelled the worn out" and
hungry troops to sleep without shelter
In • thV mire by the roadsides. ' In any
case ".it : is believed", to . be certain that
the ; hardships '"¦ endured • by the soldiers'
will result In a'sreat* increase in sick
ncaa.-iaffi«iMM^Ifcuiik«faaBB8«feg»^
Epidemic Likely to Follow " th« Heavy
" Downpour of Rain."
DISEASE WILL RAVAGE ARMIES.
From San Francisco — N. Barnard
and A. H. Bowers, at the Irhperial;
Mrs. R. Hutsklng, at the Herald
Square; J. B. Kaufman, at the Gilsey;
Mrs. J. W. Owen, at the Imperial;
Mrs. MCCrtim, at the St. Denis; S.-Ro
senblatt, at the Navarre, and G.- M.
Van Buren, at the Grand Union, v
! From Los Angeles— P. J. Beveridge,
Mrs. J. Morris and Miss J. E. Morris,
at the Savoy. .;>•.¦;:¦
NEW YORK, Sept 10.— The fol
lowing Californlans are in New York:
Callfornlans in New York.
'Justice of the Peace Young of Glen
dale has fined E. P. Brown $25 for
shooting quail during the close sea
son. Deputy Fish Commissioner
Davis seized an 1800-foot salmon net
last Sunday near the mouth of Monte
zuma Slough. . The commission is en
deavoring to apprehend the people
who are using fyke and other set nets
in the lakes of Sacramento and Yolo
counties. The Supreme Court has de
declared that sloughs and ponds are
streams within the meaning of the
law, so that there will be no trouble
about securing convictions in case the
guilty are caught..
Fish Commission Is Active.
SEATTLE, " Wash., Sept. lQ.r-One
hundred arid fifty passengers, Including
heavy operators from every prominent
mining and oil district throughout the
northland, and Klondike treasure val
>ued at $500,000 came on the steamers
Dolphin and Cottage City, which ar
rived yesterday from Southeastern
Alaska. The Cottage- City brought a
gold shipment of $225,000 and the
Dolphin brought $275,000. ' ..
Treasure Vnlued at Half Million Ar
rives From Alaska on Cottage' '
City und Dolphin. '
MANY PASSENGERS AND
•BULLION ON STEAMSHIP
G. E. Maxwell, a commercial trav
eler from. San Diego, met with a se
rious accident at 3 o'clock yesterday
.morning .In the Francisco Hotel at
Turk and Taylor street. Maxwell left
his room in search of the lavatory
and, finding an open door, mistook it
for the One he was in search of and
fell down three stories Into a coal
bin. When his unfortunate predica*
ment was discovered he .was taken to
the Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
Glover found him . suffering from, a
broken leg. with possibly. a fractured
skull. His . injuries may prove fatal.
Fell Through an Open Door.
LIAOYANG, Sept. 7 (via Jientsin.
Sept. 10.— The Japanese officers , were
unable to restrain their soldiers after
six days of desperate fighting and loot
ing became general. Last night the
eoidlers, in attempting to rob the mis
sionary and Red Cross compound,
s'tabbed"Dr. A. M. Westwate'r, a-well
knowi? rffytlical missionary, in the neck
and hand.. . ... ... . ¦
"This la said to have been, the first
instance where Japanese soldiers have
been known to t be uncontrollable. _ The
Japanese were * welcomed by | the Chi
nese, but they forfeited the good name
which they,. established in the Chino-
JapaxieEe war. . ~ , .' ¦
Chinese refugees are still arriving
from tho battlefield,. where native for
tune eeefcers are • searching the field
for. treasure. 'Most of the dead have
been buried, but broken accouter men ta
etrew the -trenches. .
Thcv Japanese operate the railway
frequently with coolie power. Japanese
reinforcements ore ; en route • north
ward by. all roads. Prince : Kalyen,
brother of the Emperor of Japan, com
manding;.the Second Brigade of
cavalry, has passed Haicheng..,
Attack Red Cross Compound and Stab
\ V '.'• '.'. , ' a Missionary. .
VICTORS LOOT LIAOYANG.
Ellia Christensen was brought to
the detention ward of the Central
Emergency Hospital yesterday to be
examined by experts on insanity.
Christensen is a sailor on the schooner
City of Papeete, which arrived yes
terday from Alaskan waters. On
the way to this port Christensen be
came violently insane and tried on
several occasions to jump overboard.
He succeeded in Jumping over on one
occasion, but was rescued and placed
in irons until the arrival of the vessel
at this port. Melancholia is given as
the cause of the man's unsoundness of
mind.
Insane Sailor Junins Overboard.
that he had been held by brigands in
the state of Sonora, Mexico. He has lost
fifty pounds in flesh. He Is known as a
conservative business man, and the,
story that he had fallen into the hands
of brigands, who demanded ransom,
from his wife at Portales, was not
doubted. He was forced by the bandits
to write to his wife and to sign the
name of George Reese. He saldi
• "I was captured August 6 by four
men, and theyrobbed me of everything
I had. I think it was In the state of
Sonora. Mexico. They immediately car
ried me to the mountains, and I was
made to walk every day and was fed
very little. At night I was tied with
ropes. On Daln of Instant death the
bandits made :me write the letter to my
wife demanding the ransom, compelled
me to sign the name of George Reese
and. made me misspell the name. The
le^fir was mailed from the town of
Op'uTa. They changed positions every
day and marched me through the
mountains until the night of August 30,
when I made my escape. I secured a
sharp rock arid cut the ropes that
bound me, and left while they 6lept.
"For four days I wandered • through
the mountains in search of a road, liv
ing on berries, rabbits and young birds,
and finally reached a railroad at a dis
tance of sixty miles from where I start
ed. I beat-my way on a lumber train
to Douglas, Ariz., and then went to ; El
Paso, Tex., where I borrowed money on
which to come to Portales."
ROSWELL, N. M., Sept. lO.-^Banker
Eiland has returned to his home at
Portales, N. M.,' and verified the story
Banker Who' Was Held for
Ransom Describes How He
Escaped Fronwthe. Bandits
CUT HIS BANDS
WITH A ROCK
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 10.—Work
men attached to the St. Petersburg
torpedo factory have . returned from
Porti Arthur, where they were detailed
some time ago. They left the besieged
fortress on August 3 and give long, In
teresting'accounts of the condltionB.i
The defences, they assert, were- largely
augmented by the discovery of a Chi
nese etore^of 1 artillery thirteen miles
from the fortress. It consisted : of 300
Krupp suns of large caliber, with from
?00 to 3000 round* of ammunition for
each piece. The guns and ammunition
were In perfect condition: A large store
of rifles, found were not so gobd.
i The Japanese, It Is reported, made
arrangements with the residents of
the suburban village to supply infor
mation from the fortress by means of a
pigeon post. The plan w£s divulged
by Chinese and the ..whole population,
forty villagers," were executed.
Conspicuous gallantry was displayed
by two companies of sailors, who were
cut off in the hills by the Japanese and
were isolated two days. Their am
munition soon ran out. Stones and
bowldenuwere hurled at the heads of
the attackers. • Finally several old can
non were dismounted and rolled down
the hills upon the attacking column.
Near Port Arthur.
Chinese Store of Artillery Discovered
GARRISON'S LUCKY FIND.
The Democrats, he said, would take
for their standard the Republican ma
jority of 23,384 over the Democrats
In the last Presidential year. A single
vcte over that, he said, is a gain and
lea a loss.
PORTLAND. Me.. Sept. 10. — Chalr
rrurti Simpson of the Republican State
Committee to-day issued a statement
cencerring the election in Maine next
Monday, in which he claims that
Cot>b, the gubernatorial candidate, will
terry the State by a plurality of from
10,000 to 18,000.
In a counter-statement Dr. Jones,
chairman of the Democratic State
Cornrr.ittee. characterized the Repub
lican claims as being an "old trick of
claiming less than they expect and
then b*ir.g satisfied at what they call
a victory."
O»mmittcrman Says State Will Give
Republicans Large Plurality.
MA1XK IS CLAIMED.
Seymour W. Tulloch of Washington,
who vat formerly connected with the
Postofflce Department and who was
largely responsible for the • exposure
of the Beavers-Machen frauds and
their subsequent investigation, is reg
istered at the. Palace. He Is Inter
ested in mining on the coast.
Surgeon Arrimon Farenholt, U. S. N;J
arrived from Bremerton, Wash., last
week and has been dividing his time
between visiting Admiral Whiting at
Yerba Buena Island and friends at
Menlo Park. He is a son of Admiral
O. W. Farenholt and has been on' the
Concord until she recently went out of
commission. He leaves for his new
station in Manila on the steamship
Korea, sailing September 20.
Dr. Lamprecht, a German tourist,
is at the Grand.
H. P. Stabler, a fruit man of Tuba
City, is at the Lick.
Dr. R. Xlcolls and wife of San Diego
ere at the Occidental.
Dr. Granville McGowan of Los An
geles is at the St. Francis. J
James Whitaker, a merchant of
Gait, is at the Occidental.
John Finnel, the. well-known rancher
of Tehama, is at the Occidental.
Herbert Slater, a newspaper man of
Santa Rosa, is xt the Grand. ;; - -~.
William M. Hunt, a merchant of
Catallna Island, is at the Grand. .
Rear Admiral Rae and Mrs. Rae air
rived at the St. Francis yesterday.
Former Governor Henry T. Gage is
up from Los Angeles and staying at
the Palace.
Victor H. Woods, State Surveyor
General, is down from Sacramento
and staying at the Lick.
Charles J. L. Lantry, a railroad
contractor of Btrong City, Kans., reg
istered at the Palace yesterday.
Dr. George M. Bradfleld, surgeon of
the steamship Mariposa, is staying at
the Occidental. ,
.Count Alfred Peil and wife of Ber
lin, who are touring this country, reg
istered yesterday at the St. Francis.
B. H. Nicoll, prominent In grain
circles In Portland, Or., accompanied
by his wife and son, J. Brydon Nicoll,
are registered at the Palace.
MIes Klara Rauhut has returned to
her home, 1149 Turk street, after two
years' study of the piano at the Lelp
sig Conservatory of Music, from
which she received a diploma.
FERSOXAIi.
Balancing himself on the top round
while his companion firmly grasped his
legs from a more secure position below
the ladderman caught the children as
the mother dropped them into his arms.
Other firemen had taken positions on
the ladder by this time and the rescued
ones were passed Bafely down from
their dangerous position.
NEW TORK. Sept. 10.— More than a
wore of women and children were res
cued from a fire in a five-story tene
ment-house at 501 Tenth avenue early
to-day. The blaze started under a
stairway on the second floor and spread
quickly to the roof.
One woman •was confined to her bed
by illness and the flames had reached
ber room when a fireman stove in the
window and carried her down the fire
escape. Her husband and children, who
had remained in the flat, were carried
down extension ladders by the firemen.
So quickly did the' flames spread
through the tenement that the families
living above the second floor had no
time to gather their clothing.
Twelve families occupied ths second
and third floors, and all had narrow
escapes, losing everything they
possessed. '
The most sensational rescue of the
fire was when a mother and two chil
dren were taken from the ledge of a
fourth-story window. It was made
after a conspicuous show of bravery
and resourcefulness on the part of two
ladder men. The woman and children
had been driven from their apartment
by the flames and were clinging to the
ledge crying for help when the firemen
arrived on the scene. When a thlrty
flve-foot ladder was thrown up against
the side cf the burning building it fell
four feet short of the fourth-story win
dow. There was no time to make a
change and the two men rushed up the
ladder.
Little Tots Are Dropped
From High Windows and
Caught in Arms of Men
"Prince Sviatopolk-Mirsky's appoint
ment creates the most agreeable im
pression throughout Russia. His past
career has enabled h'— to become ac
quainted with the needs of the nation,
regardless of religion or race. Let us
hope that the new Minister is destined
to exert beneficent influence in the de
velopment of the empire."
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 10.— The
Russian press unanimously approves
the appointment of Prince Peter
Sviatopolk-Mirsky as Minister of the
Interior. All the papers speak of the
critical character of the present situa
tion and express the opinion that the
selection of such a man as Prince Peter
will do "much to relieve the internal
conditions. The Novoe Vremya, in an
editorial, summarizes the general tone
of the press as follows:
"We are now passing through an his
torical crisis which may influence the
destiny of the Russian empire. As the
military situation in the Far East be
comes more complicated an opportunity
is offered to our enemies at home, who
are always quick to take advantage of
reverses experienced by the Russian
National Government. Therefore, we
must show hearty co-operation In the
hour of trial, repel our enemies
abroad and disarm the discontented
elements at home. In order to accom
plish the latter task we must retain
all the good, especially the two institu
tions which can develop only If al
lowed to work independently. Decent
relations must be the aim and one of
the first requisites, it is certain, will be
liberty of the press and freedom of
speech, which are the lightning con
ductors of public opinion. Prince
Sviatopolk-Mirsky's knowledge of pro
vincial life and his humane attitude
are the best guarantee of his success."
The Novosti, a conservative Jewish
organ, says:
Jewish Newspaper Believes
He Will Not Be Influenced
by the Bias of Race
Poker games have run frequently in
the past at the New Western Hotel,
and Joe King has embellished his
comfortable bank account with shin
ing double eagles on various occa
sions, for Joe understands the funda
mental principles of poker playing— at
least he did before five men sold him
a few dozen packs of cards, registered
later at his hostelry, got him into a
pame of poker that lasted for five
days and pocketed $4000 of Kfing's
hard-earned money. ,N
This bunko game was one of the
smoothest that has come oti in San
Francisco for many days. About two
weeks ago a card drummer dropped
casually into the New Western, en
gaged a room and bought the affable
King several wet dishes. He was sell
ing cards — best made, durable and fine
to the touch.
"Yes, weuse cards once in a while
here," said King.. "I'll take three dozen
packs."
Eight days later five men, some
colonels from Kentucky and -some
other things from other places, reg
istered at- the hotel. They didn't know
one another. That night King was
looking for the customary little game.
He found five willing hands. During
the following , days and nights . the
game was faEt and furious. King won
once in a while, but generally one of
the other fellows Juet beat him. If
Joe would draw to a straight and fill,
Colonel Nomdeplume showed down
four of a kind. Joe King's arm is now
slightly paralyzed from constant dig
ging into the cash pocket.
•At the end of five days King dis
covered that he was $4000 to the bad
and almost simultaneously that the
cards were all marked. The work wa&
clever. Each card had a mass of scroll
work on- the back. On the upper right
hand corner, either way, was : a groove,
faintly^ cut but not impalpable to the
touch. The ace had one groove, the
king two and so on down the line.
Many curious little rgrooved emblems
of the downfall of the 'Unsophisticated
had their place on the corners of the
pasteboards. ;: -
King notified Captain Martin and
ottered him half of the $4000 if he
could get it back. Barney Conlon,
clerk in Judge Cabaniss' court, with
Detectives Ryan and Taylor, spent the
night at the New Western 1n the hope
of getting some of the crooks. King
said that two of them were still at
the hotel, but they did not show up.
The police and King refused to talk on
the subject or give the names of the
men wanted. Detectives Ryan and
Taylor have good descriptions of the
men and hope to get them soon. It is
said, by the police that the same five
crooks have been operating extensive
ly elsewhere.
At an early hour this morning the
detectives arrested one , of the alleged
crooks who bunkoed King. The man
was caught at the New Western Hotel.
The police refused to give his name or
any dther Information about the case.
Joseph King, card expert and pro
prietor of the New .Western 'Hotel,', has
been victimized to the extent of near
ly $4(KK) durinsr the last five days. King
has long enjoyed the name of being
one of the shrewdest local dealers of
cards in 'a poker game. San Francisco
is not a mining camp, and gambling
is against the law— at least that's the
way the law reads — Cut a "friendly"
little, game can be found at anytime
in almost any back room of the hotels
about town. - ' • .
Genial Boniface Falls an
Easy Victim to a Crooked
and Costly Game of Poker
POLICE AFTER CROOKS
Joe King, Proprietor of the
New Western, Passes Big
Sum * to Five . Buiiko Men
LADDERS TOO SHORT
Rescue Women and Children
From Burning Five-Story
Tenement in New York'
DAWN-.'OF A NEW ERA
Russians of All Classes
Pleased With His Selection
to Succeed Yon Plelnve
HOTEL OWNER
LOSES $4000
PRINCE PETER
VERY POPULAR
FIREMEN SAVE
SCORE OF LIVES
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALli^ SUNDAY, -SEPTEMBER jll; 1004.
An electric current of 5000 volts is
fatal. Increase the voltage to 500,000
and It will be quite harmless.: : T l^V;
The total registration up to and in
cluding yesterday was 55,960. Regis
tration will close on September 28 for
the next election. Between now and
then the registration office expects to
place at least 25.000 names on the
Great Register, even If It has to wt>rk
overtime to do it. A registration of
80,000 Is looked for. Precinrt regis
tration will take place on Wednesday
and Thursday, September 14 and 15.
when it is expected that 5000 voters
will he recorded.
Progress of Registration.
OAKLAND, Sept. 10. — A switch
thrown open by the wheel of a pass-
Ing wagon caused a collision between
two electric cars to-night at the cor
ner of San Pablo avenue and Four
teenth street, in which several peopla
had narrow escapes. Car No. 204 of
the Sixteenth-street . line crashed into
the hide of Grove-streef car No. 183
and both cars were badly wrecked.
Although both cars were crowded
at the time, the passengers escaped
with only minor bruises. The Six
teenth-street car was in charga . of
Motorman C. Aisten and Conductor M.
Longwell.
33
. / .-
When, promineat physicians freely
prescribe, the Bitters for Poor. Appe-
tite, Sour Stomach, Liver Com-
plaints, Sleeplessness, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia and Malarial Fever, you
can.' make no : mistake 'in'' trying' af
bottle. It always cures, as hundreds'
have testified. Try it.
GRAPE-NUTS.
REBUILDING FOOD.
Sonic Won&crful Things Food Can Do.
What continued use of improper
food will do by upsetting the nervous
system seems almost beyond belief
and it's just as surprising to see how
a simple chanpe from poorly- selected
food to good nourishing food will end
ail of these ails. A Chicago man says:
"My nervous system became so
rhailf-red that whenever I looked at a
moving object my right eye turned out
to the side, my speech was sputtering,
th<» memory was poor and I was very
absent minded. My face was covered
with pimples and I was constantly
ashamed of my appearance.
"The doctors said my blood was In
a bad state and I took medicine for
this for a year, but only pot worse. I
van so completely disgusted with
everything I was tired of living, al-
though 1 had no cause to be as far as
friends and home were concerned.
"When medicine failed I tried eat-
irj? only the plainest foods, bilt this
get tiresome and I did not seem to get
enough nourishment until in my ex-
perimenting I g.ive the food called
Grnpe-Xut* a trial. This seemed so
different from the, rest, it seemed
crisp and full of nourishment and 1
ate it with cream for breakfast as well
as dessert after the other meals.' Al-
most immediately my nerves began to
set stroncer and steadier and sounder
and I felt as though a great change
was coins; tm within me.
•The first effect I noticed wa*-my
risht eye did not enem so loose in my
head. I could look without seeing
double. an<2 then I noticed that I took
more .interest in life and was -not such
a chronic kicker, my memory lm-
pruvert. physical endurance was great-
er and iny sleep sounder and refresh-
ing:. '** '¦
*'In a year's time I had recovered
entirely from the old absent minded-
ness, my complexion had cleared and
left me without :my more pimples
upon my face, all the old trouble with
the «-y e is cone for good and, to cut
the list short, why. I have a sound
wrvouR F.vsiem. am stronger and
healthier physically upon Grape-Nuts
diet. I could write .twice na much
rnorc about what lhJ» food has done
for me. It is certainly a most tvon-
<J*rful food for the brain. and nerves."
JCam*>- p!ven bv th» Poitura Co., Bat-
tle Creek. MIr-Ji. . -
. *Th«ro's a reason.*'
Look In each purljsgR for the fam-
ous little book, "The Road to Well-
JOE ROSENBERG'S. JOE ROSEXBERG'S. / JOE ROSENBERG'S, JOE ROSENBERG'S.
r^ A^ifrK KEEP THE BALL ROLLING"
rtife^Sl^ss.^: ;" HERE IS: TIE BEST NEWS IN m PAPER TO-DAY,
r T^^^^C^^J ' " - « To keep busy cr the ba ! a^roHIng we must give extra Inducements
h 'W^X\ i^^S^T^- '• S>iK \ or values. AncThere are some, and we have many more for the small-
¦/i^i/jf^Jr '¦'•^?V^'---" \ purse women or money savers.
V-^^^i^P^Sz^*' O \ O ftftI .;<! ftn DO TOTT KEED AST? . MOTHERS—
\^^J ;^i Wi V NRnrTP.fi SIZ.X UJTDEKWEAB? .'ifflf^DHB* Why Wot Get tire Best?— It Costa Wo
Jy/ l/TxraSiji*^' X:* \ *' u w I " l »'« .. if not. It will pay you to lay some More— Why »ot Get Some of T&ia
f/jy i|j\ XIk^^- ¦"'••••' ' I I ill a*lde at this low price. Made of Underwear fcr-tha zattla Ones? — It
fff FS^S l3a3s!gi?-'-- : "•:••''' ' - ' : "l III £11 ' P ur - B Hk. high neck and long is the p*rtect-nttln?? kind: made of
fw r /^r^-\^^-''~- : '^-- i- --; Z-&y - ll > n11 -sleeves. Jersey knit; neck and arm- Jersey knitted fabric: light and rae-
fW "/ lK^. • VsSswk^'- f.-A ;: -•=•• frj --^-7 V* • holes flniBhed with a»crocheted edge. dium weight; high neck and Ion*
IB' " / : . : - : : : i^ :^' Y&g*iZ'-T?*k.-- ' >*^Sr -.••#7 VlinilTIOr with w^.ihable braid rim throujrh. In sleeves. Easy to put on and off. as
'¦Bfff / r'Afi% /\^^^F¥^L^i^i^y ¦:-3#$7 "01111111101 pink and blue only. Instead n n they button all the way down
Iffl 'iI/mM '-j/-i: \$W£&W:rfc*^-TK\-.:-*i^y ' -., - i 'ol $1.25. Monday and Tues- /T%C the front: snus Ctttnar and /¦)(»
Ml W //^^-^'••• < '--^^j^'-' ; '-^ : .^ :^my ' ' " " "day... ........7. f * /v velvet finish. Price *4i*v
(/m^I V^^ • : W^^^^MfMM^^%^. " : .. . : sowii youx tim» to Btrr ax x^ljuss' tiohts— i
\£\7<f^J -.v\ WjT" ¦ ¦^^ : ¦•;^•^S«ffli2^S% l W^«ai>^ MflWI 111 OXTSXSQ OB SVMUEX SKIBT— Th« Celebrated Msrode Xakfr— Nona
yKl^ ¦V- : - ; N^-....V:Viv7*-^^?TwSB<^ , HUH lit Hero i s On* — Made of white steam- better for fit. finish or materiaL
/gj ..... ................ ,- shrunk pique. ¦ seven • gored, trimmed Ankle length and Jersey fittlns top.
VT i#ISCi® . flrnor with three rows of bias t\r*^ Made of English thread. Try r*f\-
v UIUOI folds, tdilor stitched. Instead US(» a pair and we know you will SIJQ
¦¦<-•¦;•¦• '-¦¦¦¦ -.¦¦¦-¦ ' -..¦ .-'. . _ • . -of >1.60. marked to close x^w wear no other. Prlc* »^ww
tA GKECQUE COSSETS— AX.Z. MATBBXAZJ3 . OOOO TEIRQS '. ' A DISCOT7KAOE3J PtTXSE
Mate the Heaviest Plimre Shapely That Oome From Japaa Ar« Advanc- FOB .WA*M DATS Will EtcelT* Comlort Here, Xsp«-
and Give tlie Slender Figure a Full inr in Price Tae , War Has\ Done At " One-Half Price — That I>, ia ta- dally ia ladles' Combiaatloa Pookst-
ECect— Made of light-weight' ba- -.That— Here Art Some Japanese " «e^ Shirt Waists and Shirt Waist books and fuxm*-— Here Is a .lot that
tiste. with the lattice ribbon effect; Crepe Ximonas That We Will Mot Suits— They Are AU This Season's came our way at unusually^ low
boned with alumlnoid boninfr. which Be Able to Offer Arain at These Goods— Ma do of damasks, butcher's prices. Made of alligator, seal, !»•-•¦•
is rust proof and unbreakable: Prices — Made of crepe cloth In l linen and Persian cloth; some tuck- vant. morocco, etc. Patent steel
French lace trimmed, with satin rib- bright colors; 1 Mikado* sleeves; -ed, embroidered, also hemstitched. frames, double clasps, in 11 *
bon v run through. For those" who sleeves and all down the front and spme with medallion Insertions. . red. brown, tan and black. Extra
have.- hid their corsets made to or- trimmed with a plain satin band. * ; Cost not considered. strong and perfectly sewed. 11.50.
dtit, or the most exacting, «r <t r» A' Nothing more comfortable a* 4 nn 75c and $1.00 qualities now.. 5Oc S2.00 and 13.00 qualities on
we would like to have you J|| 3IJ or chic than these. Price \1 VS $1.25 and $2.00 qualities now.. 75c sale on our bargain counter
¦ Inspect these for *jf **r. .; i /...;.;........... ;..;^ *P*»* ** $8.50 and $3.00 qualities now..S1.25 for L_
WHATEVER YOU MAT X.ABIES' OSXTSXEO BELTS— A WOBD- ; • ¦ .' ¦ *?! g 5' Wg ?? g ?..m«
WAWT IW RIBBONS The 45o Kind How aSo— if you can't Ton »o Hot Know What Seal Com- SUMMjm COHSXTJI ¦_'*/j^
Ton Will Snrely Pind Them Hare, • rely upon a store's advertisements, fort X* Until Ton *ar« Had One of At % Very Ujrht PTiee--Thi > Satfra
and at low Prices. Too— Here Are how are you < to depend upon its . These "Peinry Trcm ParU" B*fft— Treaoa Shap-e—Made of »U-«p •*»£
Some of the latest Parisian HotsI- goods?. Come and see if this is not Made of soft morocco leather, high- ribbon, steel bones, straight .front
ties— All-silk Plaid— Made of extra the truthful advertiser. These are My polished, extra strong frame, with. steels, finished with a satin ribbon
heavy corded taffeta In the newest "made of all-eilk peau de sole, five long leather handles, moire lined. In bow. In pink, blue, white _ and
. bright colors, the soft-finished kind, inches wide, with-fine gun metal brown or black. We believe in black. • We will never get rich on
which is washable. Full four *%n buckles. In redT blue, brown, *%r* > small prices and small £¦« p/\ these; neither will the manu- 2^_
inches wide. Price, a yard. . /.JC black and white. Our price 7 3C profit. You will believe in > I .!)U facturer we bought them «)/Q •
...'. fafc/v ............'..•.-.......:.... ***'*' it when you see these for *r *•'''- from to sell them for........ * T
STOXTT WOMEH— 7OS CHIC ATTD XTP-TO- INDIES' P1BTT1COATS— ¦ PHTSICIAHS HXCO«M»HD_
Tea Can't Imagine What a: Good BATH HECHWBAH— ' silk ta £oo)c«, but Hot So in Price, WHZTE-SOIOSD STOCXZHG8
Stocking These Are — They are made You'll Always Find X« Here— That Xs - and Much longer in Wear— Made of Pox Cleanlinesi and Sanitary Xe*-
• extra wide and full length; made of .One of Our Specialties— Buster fast black mercerized sateen; son* for Peet That Perspire— Her*
. Sea Island thread, stainless black. Brown Collar— Made of heavy white trimmed with a deep flounce, with Xs a Cure— They are made of XX
high-spliced heel andtoes, also full linen; double tabs with double but- two sraall ruffles, also three rows of thread, stainless black, with white. -
finish; medium" and heavy #%£?_ tonholes, to put a ribbon or Ap fancy 'braid. Generous In /vp soles or all-white feet; velvet
weight; wholesale price, $3.50 /,7%C, -tin through; washable, and A^C width and length, but not so \#3C finish, which makes themsoft
. a dozen; our price, a pair &t^p£s within everybody's reach . fc ***T in price ...:...:...... and easy on the feet. Price —
SPLENDID VAI/0TE. > - - lUiiC HfSTEAD OF 20c—
A KIBBON BASOAIH- gg Agb^ £E5B Ffetf'biftfcPAflfi^SPVts?^ TUC Mallne or Illusion— The Prenea
Width No. 40. All-silk Taffeta,— With ffl fKTA ff I | I E R « 1 Bg II 8 IB" I II U Make— 27 inches wide; high luater;
hand embroidered dots, such as 1 E fS M 9*9 | g V Qa f|| &C |a IJ in __, rt - ... -_--, the good, heavy kind. In pink. blue.
white with blue dots, brown with M £| Q BL fl I I ¦ lk ¦ IB |R B II I I PDinC-PIITTf R white, cream, red. green, etc.; for
Si^Jh JSJSSES 25c a l|if. |iUlilL " ULIBU rmt bU ' ' tK SSf&Ss^vssiZic
''""'•'"'"'' — — — IJIJL 816 Market Street II O'Farrell Street. _^_^^^^^: .
TBXIiBY — r m^ m ;•*-••.•?>;- > -^ < AT 19 CHHTS—
The New Collar and Cuff Sets— Made ¦ ; Sadies' Vests— Low -neck and no
of sheer lawn, hemstitched #%r* ,, ... nnnrsnet c?r\% sleeves; made of English <ff*
all around; washable: adds ZjC - - MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. ' thread; in Jersey and fancy JU(»
chic when worn. Price, a set "*" '¦' ¦/ ribbed; summer weight. Now '** .
GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS — . I INDIES' HAHSKSKCHZSTS— CHIUJBBWS HAHBKZHCHXSPS— LAXOC WOaXSH—
Made of extra heavy Belfast n Made of XX lawn, embroidered n_ Made of white English lawn; 9 Here Xs Some "Underwear — Of 95
lawn, full size, hemstitched. jC fleur.de 11s in each corner, nar- 7%{* neat and narrow hemstitched. *%{• French thread: low neck; no JJP
Apiece ~ row hemstitch. Price, each..... w Apiece **** sleeves; openwork lace effect .
U '.•;¦•;:•¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. -. , . ¦
AN
J&WBufoa I\An\JUllUrrO
mBr W^ISis^ WOMENJT APPAREL rXCJAT^l\X13'
rW : W*jp • 117 GEA KY. STKEED
¥ \Ia JWAfrtiii
[•••¦¦ /^%w^-p iiu roniidi
lfP§i||iL will be held:
fff * \ \ \££&Zj!t^ Coarfdering the extreme deveW
///• 1 \ A V-^i~ optn«nt of the individual Idea £a
¦ • III X \\ ffO^V feminine apparel* It is not possl* ¦•¦
:.-«' -•;¦:. '.• 1 1 r I l 1 >, ble any longer under the naodeta
-;O '"'¦.¦ •* '¦'' ll'r ' 1 11 if up-to-the-minute methods of mef»
III ' 1 \ 1 [I chandising to hold a formal opeap.- -.
l[| ' \\\ [J ' D 2 * n d a showing of new good*
fill 1 \ V-. h on any specific date.
;fjl 11 wT^N Garments are not produced by
/ I I I I Vr^ 7 J the season any more. New ideas*
•jll I \ \-Jjj ultra developments are conitantly
ill 1 V ik appearing and the store which
'- / /'I 1 \ A ** a little ahead of the' newest
L j I f t I _\ a\w - must present these variations to -¦
' Mtut'L ' 1|l JkjWfc - its customers at once* It Is -
jffluKik/^fL^MrvVVWW Jmporritle to select any
F ariiculaf day and "7.
- ~'~ ¦¦.< • ¦ ' ' Another reason that
mikrs lhi> imposs.bie is tbat every wotnaa new desires and insists on aa
individual gown. . .
• * . Th» -e ar: th: tnila rexsoos why we shall have no formal opening.
Ever/ day wi 1 be an opening and every day will ses fresh ' goods- in .our
itxe {
' '. - -The n:w gowns, tailored .jul's. coats and waists ate now here for your -
|nipe;tion and a visit to oar establishment is solicited.
'; We are mw ihowin j a magnificent ' co'Iection of TAILOR-MAD& *'
SUIT,* of 'Cloths, Cheviots. Vevcfs and mix'urcs, frcm . ...
$25.OD to $125.00 '
Ccs'umes for f v«nh»g dinners sad recrptiocs, from
?45.00 to $5CO.CO
Coats and Mantles for strret and ih-at-r, from
j: : $20.00 to $i200*0p
I li-'J- . VVaists of evsry deitcription. f.-cm .Never Judge a man by the jury that
acquits him.
Except the sun and . the ;. moon/ only
Venus, Jupiter, and some of the bright
est fixed stars give a sensible shadow.
.' John Wilzlnskiof 26 Zoe street was
arrested, last night and booked at the
Southern station on a charge of as
sault with Intent to. commit murder.
The witness is Isidor
Starr, who "occupies the- upper flat of
the Zoe-street house.- He claims he
heard" a great disturbance in Wilzin
skl's apartments and went- in to - find
out the . cause . of , the . trouble. Wllzin
ski ordered \ Starr ; out,, threatening; to
chop his head /off. As .Starr .: was I re
treating Wilzinski fired a* shot at him.
The bullet went through" the window
of a house on the opposite side of tho
street and narrowly missed striking
the head of a child. !-] \ . :
Shoots at a Neighbor.
"That was my- original -intention,"
Bess blandly responded, "but ; I've con
cluded that I'm entitled to , eight
months off for good behavior— same as
they get ; In I the State prisons, you
know. — New York Commercial.
Earned "Time" for Good Behavior.
George H. Daniels, general passenger
agent of the New York Central Rail
road, has a story about a charming
widow out in California who had pub
licly and frequently, announced after
the death of her husband that she
would not marry, again for at least two
years. It was just, eight months later
that one of her friends met. her at a
dinner, when formal [ announcement of
her. engagement to a Sacramento law
yer was made, with the . added news
that- she was to be married six months
later.
"How's this, Bess?" asked an- inti
mate friend. /'I thought 1 there was a
two years' limit on this marriage busi
ness ?"3J8s$JiS8J^ISsH£
Californlans in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 10.— The fol
lowing Californians are registered at
the New Willard: A. Hochstein, Mrs.
Hochstein, Miss Hochstein, Miss E. B.
Cripps, Miss Virginia Crlpps and Miss
Frances Coulter.
Ringling's circus and menagerie Is
due to arrive in this city this morning
and tents will be pitched at. Eleventh
and Market streets. A feature of
terest to young and old will be the pa
rade, which is to.start from the show
grounds at 9:30 to-morrow morning.
The route of the procession -will be
from the grounds to i Howard street,
to Second, to Market, to Montgomery,'
to California, to Kearny, to Market, to
Eleventh: " : .~
Ringling ¦ Bros.' Aggregation of-,Per
formers Will March Through
City's Principal Streets.- '
ROUTE TO BE FOLLOWED.
v ? . BY THE CIRCUS .PARADE
PARIS. Sept. 10.— Coquelin, the elder,
underwent an operation for an affection
of the glands of the throat to-day. It
was performed without anaesthics. It
is said this evening that the patient
will recover.
Coquclin Submits to Operation.
There may now be seen in the Zoo
logical Society's eastern aviary a spec
men of a curious Australian bird,
known as the frog-mouth. It Is a queer
looking bird, and with its mottled
plumage and Quaint postures it has
rather the appearance of an old tree
stump, as it stands motionless on its
perch. It is of nocturnal habits and
if disturbed during the day it takes
its heavy flight to a neighboring perch,
and immediately drops off to sleep
again. One of the most characteristic
features of 4 this bird (podargus) is its
enormous mouth. Its great round eyes
give it something of the look of an
owl, which, indeed,, in other respects,
it closely resembles. It feeds upon
small birds, * mice. Insects, etc— Pall
Mall Gazette.
Curious* Australian Bird.
A new form of combustible, known
as. "osmon," has been lately, produced
in Europe from' raw peat. Of the 90
per cent water which the peat contains
from 20 to 25 per cent is eliminated by
an electrical process. A direct current
is passed through the mass of the peat,
contained in a suitable tank. Under
the action of the current the water col
lects at the negative pole and flows out
by openings in the side oft the vessel.
In carrying out" the process the invest
ors use from ten to twelve kilowatt
hours a cubic yard of raw material.
The process lasts about an hour and a
half. The electrically treated peat is
then dried in the ordinary way and re
duced to smaller pieces in a crusher.
It is delivered to the trade in the form
of balls or - briquettes. The" heating
power of the new product is consider
able. No trace of sulphur is found and
it does not smoke or leave much cinder.
— Scientific American.
Osmon, the New Combustible.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 10.— It was
it ported here this morning that the
Santa Maria oil fields were burning.
Later word came by telephone that the
lire was under control and the loss
small. Nothing further has been heard
this afternoon.
Small Blaze in Oil Fields.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 10. — Alleging that
he had sold and delivered articles from
his booth in the Liberal Arts building
at the World's Fair in violation of the
department's rules governing such
tii^es. the department of concessions
has .confiscated the property of an ex
hibitor named Fischell.
Violates Roles and Loses Exhibit.
Sunshine is so rare in England that
the Government takes great care to
measure it. The official summing up
for 1903 as regards sunshine shows that
all districts In the British Isles, with
one exception, fell short of the average.
The exception was England northwest,
including Manchester, that curiously
had an excess of fifty-seven sunny
hours. In Scotland north, west and
east the deficit. was 81 hours, 48 hours
and 133 hours. England ' northeast and
east were short by 107 hours and 139
hours, while in England south and
southwest the deficit was 68 hours and
115 hours. The midlands were behind
by 98 hours. In Ireland north and
south the shortage was 81 hours and
113 hours. Commonly the islands in the
English Channel have a' large share of
sunshine, but last year they -were 133
sunny hours , short.
Short of Sunshine.
to a statement by two negroes to-day
a "Before the Day" Club, composed of
fifteen negroes from the Kinney sec
tion of Clark County, has marked out
six prominent white men for death.
The Sheriff is organizing a posse to
make wholesale arrests.
Six Prominent Georgia Whites Said
to Be Marked for Death by
Negro Band.
ATHENS. Ga., Sept- 10.— According
••BEFORE THE DAY" CLUB
PLANS WHOLESALE MURDER
The Vincentian Fathers of St. Louis
will open a mission in St. Francis
Church, Vallejo street, the first Sun
day In October and It will continue for
two weeks. The feast of the Holy
Name of Mary will" be celebrated in
this church to-day, when the 221st
anniversary of the raising of , the siege
of Vienna will be observed. The bat
tle of Vienna was fought between the
Christians and the .Turks and is one
of the most famous battles in his
tory. The sermon at vespers will be
preached by the Rev. T. Caraher. •
At Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church this pvening the. Rev. F. M.
Larkin, pastor, will speak:on.''Indus
trial Trouble and the Duty of the
Church." • ¦
The Rev.'F. W. Fischer, pastor! of
the Emmanuel Evangelical "Cljttcch,
will preach, this,, morning 'on.***The
Fullness "of the Grace of Christ."- For
his evening topic he<has selected t'The
Story of a Runaway , Slave.'.' . ;
"Gladness as a Medicine"- and; "The
Highest Heaven" are the' morning, and
evening., subjects of. the: Rev.' E."Ner
lander, of the, "First English Lutheran
Church.
The Rev. Bradford Leavitt of the
First Unitarian Church will discourse
this evening on "The Saloon and the
Bishop." . ;
At the Young Men's Christian . As
sociation this afternoon Commander
C. B. ,T. Moore o£ the United States
navy will address a gathering • of
young men. He will select an appro
priate theme.
Services in St. Francis Church in
\ i Honor of the Battle of Vienna to
Be Held To-Day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— The an
nouncement that Rear Admiral Schley
will»8hortly publish his autobiography
under the title, "Forty-five Years Un
der the Flag," has been made. About
one-third of the book will be devoted
to the ! Spanish war, concerning which
the admiral will say in his preface:
"In the chapters which relate to the
operations, against Cervera's fleet, the
purpose has been to record the. events
from the writer's own view point, to
criticise in a spirit of fairness, but
without malice, bearing in mind that
wherever it has been necessary to refer
to apparent inconsistencies in the state-
Book Will Contain What He Thinks
Is Fair Criticism of Operations
Against Cervera.
SCHLEY WILL PUBLISH
THE STORY OF HIS LIFE
WILL „ CELEBRATE THE FEAST
OF THE HOLY NAME OF MARY
WASHINGTON, Oct. 10.— The Presi
dent has confirmed the sentence of dis
missal against Second Lieutenant W.
W. Smith of the Thirteenth Infantry,
who was court-martialed at the Pre
sidio of San Francisco, on a charge of
conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman and with being absent with
out leave; also that against Lieutenant
Collins, who was court-martialed in
the Philippines on charges connected
•with his indebtedness.
ing From Service Second Lieuten
ants Smith and Collins.
President Confirms Sentence Dismiss-
SHOULDER STRAPS STRIPPED
FROM GAY ARMY OFFICERS
The exports of agricultural products
from Samoa show a decrease of $73,
14S in 1903. in a total of $329,512; In
liO2 the exports amounted to $402,
660. The chief cause of the decrease
v/as the decline In the price of copra
from $57.12 to $42.84 a ton. The
value of the exports of copra alone
was $325,184 higher than the total
value of the exports of other products.
The exports of cocoa beans amounted
to 10,151 pounds, valued at $1318.
There arrived in Samoa for trans
shipment copra from other Polynesian
islands and cocoa from Tutuila to the
amount of $48,887, against $118,481
worth In 1902, a decrease of $69,594.
The trade of Samoa during the last
two years was as follows:
ITEM. 1903. 1002.
Imports .. 1638,174 33 $570,760 42 t$67. 423 01
Exports . . 329, 51 2 69 402, 660 60 • . 73, 147 99
In transit. 48.886 C3 118.48116*69,804 63
Total ...1U.01«.673S5!>1,001,89217*$75.318 62
T Increase. »I>ecreaBe.
— New York Commercial.
United States Consul General Hugh
Pitcairn, at Hamburg, Germany, sends
the following to the Washington of
fice: The total imports of merchandise
and specie into Samoa In the year
1S03 amounted to $638,174, an in-,
crease of $67,424 over those of 1902.
in which year the total imports were
valued at $570,752. The value of
goods imported from Germany waa
$178,501; from Australasia and Poly
nesia, $335,038; from the United
States, $106,310; from Great Britain,
$6110, and from other countries, $12,
215. The leading places among the
merchandise imported are taken by
(1) food .products, the value of the
imports of which amounted to $183,
624, and (2) textile and dress goods,
the Imports of which were valued at
$139,874.
Exports on Decrease, While Imports
Show Fair Increase— Causes of
These Conditions.
COMMERCIAL CONDITIONS
IN SAMOAN ISLANDS
ments of others, the author has en
deavored always to avoid unnecessary
personalities. Through the courtesy of
Secretary Moody recourse has been had
to official papers, which were not avail
able before his accession to office."
The remainder of the large volume
will be given to the narrative of Ad
miral Schley's service In many seas.
SALT LAKE CITY, Sept. 10.—Anoth
er feature was added to the recent
movement in Salt Lake City and other
Utah cities to reorganize the old anti
church party in this State by the an
nouncement made to-night by United
States Senator Thomas Kearns that he
would not be, under any circumstances,
Senatorial Candidate Announces Posi
tion on Utah Politics.
TAKES A FIRM STAND.
a candidate for re-election before the
forthcoming session of the Legislature.
Senator Kearns stated also that It was
his intention to personally advance by
all honorable means the movement now
on foot In Utah to free the politics of
the State from alleged apostolic dom
ination and to bring about a dissolu
tion of the relations now existing 1 be
tween church and State In Utah.
Senator Kearns heretofore has been
an active candidate for re-election.
W. Jennings of Hampton Wick, Eng
land, lately received from the admiral
ty his prize money for services ren
dered while a second-class boy on his
Majesty's ship Archer, one of the Bal
tic fleet, in assisting to capture sev
eral Russian warships In 1854. The re
cipient, who is a general dealer, had
forgotten all about his money, and the
receipt greatly surprised him.
Year after vear efforts have been
made to secure legislation in the South
ern States that would protect bird life,
but only one or two of the States have
taken any steps to protect non-game
birds and songsters. When such bills
have been introduced they have been
"laughed out of court" as "bull-bat
bills" or something equally frivolous.
And yet "bull-bats" are among the
greatest of insect destroying birds.
Mocking birds, desirable alike for their
insect-destroying capacity and their
delightful songs, have been almost ex
terminated in many sections. Red
birds and thrushes have .become rare.
No species of birds seem to be really
thriving except the English sparrow,
which ia a town-dweller, *and does no
body any good. Maybe the appearance
of the boll weevil in Texas and the
threat of its liability to spread over
the whole cotton belt In the course of
a few years will awaken the legis
lators to the importance of taking im
mediate steps for the protection of
song and non-game birds, and maybe
it would be a good idea to remember
also the •harmless snakes and the
toads. — Savannah News.
They Are Needed to Destroy Insects,
but Have Been Ruthlessly
Slaughtered.
PROTECTION FOR BIRDS
WANTED IN THE SOUTH
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 10.— John
E. Ward, the capitalist, is attaining a
record as a divorcee. This afternoon,
for the third time in three years, he
is again on record In the Superior
Court as defendant in an unpleasant
domestic tangle and this proceeding,
•which was instituted through Attorney
H. W. Nisbet, acting for Mrs. Ward, is
promised to ecllose all the others In
pcint of sensationalism.
Mrs. Ward owns the St Charles Hotel
property and is said to be immensely
wealthy In her own right.
Capitalist Ward Becomes a Defendant
in the Divorce Court for the
. Third Time.
MARRIAGE UNPLEASANT
TO SAN BERNARDINO MAN
WASHINGTON, Sept 10.— The rec
ord of the court-martial of Captain F.
A. Cook of the commissary department
has been received here. He was found
not guilty of the charge of intoxication
and disorderly conduct, but was found
guilty of conduct to the prejudice of
good order and military discipline.
General MacArthur, commanding the
Pacific Division, says the sentence of
reprimand and $50 fine Is inadequate.
The sentence is disapproved.
General MacArthur Does Not Think
950 Fine and Reprimand Are ' r
Severe Enough.
SENTENCE OF CAPTAIN*
COOK IS DISAPPROVED
Captain Riley of the Longfellow re
ported that his vessel sprang aleak
while on Nantucket Shoals yesterday
afternoon. She was abandoned oft!
Pamet River station at 10 o'clock last
night and sank about midnight a mile
off shore.
HIGHLAND LIGHT. Mass.. Sept 10.
The steamship Longfellow of Wil
mington, Del., bound from Wilming
ton to Lake Superior with a load of
dynamite, sank off shore In the night.
There were sixteen men in the crew.
All were saved. , " ¦;.
Vessel Springs Licak and Is Aban
doned by Crevr of Six
teen Men.
SHIP GOES TO BOTTOM
WITHIN MILE OF SHORE
gJLN BERNARDINO, Sept. Ik—
Clsad* Glrthert, th» youthful negro ar
rested yesterday by Marshal Shay and
Policeman Slccombe, charged with bur
glary and arraigned In court this morn
ing, has mafle a clean confession of
guilt, which fastens upon him four
charges of burglary In the first degree
and there are yet two or more cases
which he will probably confess to.
Glrthart couldn't stand the sight of
his plunder in the possession of the
officers this afternoon. He went into
details In telling how he broke into the
home of Day Dispatcher Butler of the
Santa Fe.
fg»T» Bernardino Man, When Arrested,
Tells Story of Many
Crimes.
.VEGRO MAKES COMPLETE
CONFESSION OF BUBGIiABY
DENVER, Sept 10.— The leaders of
the Western Federation of Miners de
clare that the alleged confession of
Robert Romain, the ex-convict, now
under prison sentence at,Topeka, Kas.,
implicating union leaders in two disas
trous explosions in the Cripple Creek
district, contains many allegations
which can easily be refuted.
"According to Romain's confession,"
said William D. Hay wood, secretary of.
the federation, "Davis., Kennison and
Parker, members of the Cripple Creek
District Union Executive Committee,
were with him In Cripple Creek on
June 6 when, as he says, the final ar
rangements were made for the . Inde
pendence depot dynamiting. As a mat
ter of fact, the* three union leaders
named were In Denver from May 23 to
June 8, attending the annual conven
tion of the federation.
"Romain says that McKinney was
one of the leading conspirators. The
absurdity of this statement must be
apparent to any one who will consider
that McKinney is the man who made'
a fake confession regarding the alleged
conspiracy to wreck the Florence &
Cripple Creek train.
"Romain was either hired to make
this confession or he is working a
bunko game on the Colorado authori
ties with the object of escaping a term
in the Kansas penitentiary for the
burglary he committed In Topeka. I
predict that he will not be brought
back to Colorado, but that our oppo
nents will use his statement as con
clusive evidence that- the federation
planned and perpetrated the dastardly
crime at Independence."
men Named as Members
of Dynamiting Gang Not
in District at the Time
CAN PBOVE AN ALIBI
Leaders of the Western^
Federation of Miners De
nounce His Confession
CLAIM ROMAIN
IS A PERJURER
THEJSAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,, SEPTEMBER 11, 190*.
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A "Wireless Message djfik
***&* \p^7 1'
\J^ $12*00 and Upward J T
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
415 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i ''¦'' : ' 5^B5?^8»^S 7''.' *' :' ; i-'^ ;.; BBr Bl I (9 rvS^/it% it fliisH
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD, Distributors,
213-214 Market Street, S. F.; 216 N. Main Street, L. A.
,' "••¦¦"."• : ADVERTISEMENTS. . • .
..Your' Rent Money..
Will Furnish a Home
llp^ Inr/l &M?m%^< ISHl The difference In the rent of furnished apartments
SEE J Inf jn W^^^fff^ 3R9|il and a cozy f lat or cotta Se will pay for the furnishings.
I uK^P^^m!^ There's a handsome profit for you-ln dollars and
¦' •' - . ¦ ; v .-- . - cents. In comfort and happiness.
$150.00 POEBlfT LOOK FOBMIPABLE WHEW YOU DITIJE IT. I _ . U .UiL- - J" HU "
Divide it into 12 monthly payments, or divide it into 52 weekly pay- < ts r e^:., 1 ,. L *.] ) I r) | U i'i| ¦¦'mm «IU— L-l-Jl .
$150.00 BUTS TIE FURNITURE FOB POUB BOOMS, SHOWN IN jl inBKa^mRBflffl\\\ M'^J^^W
It Is not "chea " fJ^Uu? 01 '? 1 '}^ ° T o C o^l OE substa — ?¦ Ui\\ 7 mSsSSsbi itS^^^^Jf/
Round Extension Table, Richmond Range, a SterMngr-made Parlor ' *" :i y^i^^B^'!?*M!M^^^^^^--??^^^^' I H»fe2^* '*"*i*$!i
NOTE— There is a free renting bureau in connection and we can probably " .. I iiui ¦> UJiT' 1 'g^^mJ^^TOEfi??*'^!] 1 li^ f^u^'^i4f^^Ss9k
help you to find a suitable house. Our lists are very complete, /twill itn T^'i ff^^SMI^** 2 * 1 Til! ill S^r*1li fflP* I
save you time and troub'e to consult them when house-hunting. \^W*^^^mSSmmmtBrZL^ r \\ \ TOiffjllF^^^j flfyW
J^^P^^Slip iP iiSfy l™u r £ h lV Z Zh^rdlng?' bull^ ° f orders accepted
.,___._._____ «.-__,_-.__» B7 v of gives quite as true a reflection as French § 8 B 1 M_l 5r '
A HEW PATTEBN SIDEBOARD, g/ | plate on]y the gl&SB , s not as heavy. O &£> j I (SW
A HEW PBICE, S40.00- II M Oak frames, 10^x12 V 2 inches. ft f| Wj fj£p R ]A
A2TD Jl^M 1 * 5 '"^™ DOWW BIGELOW AXMWSTH BUGS. *2.45 1 S 2T 111
4HD * 1 -°° A WEB *' CHINA CABINET, S32.OO. The name "Bigelow" woven in the I I t& B fJ
That puts luxurious furniture Hatches tha Sideboard in n«- back of a rug: is Just as important as <*L£> < *U*
within everyone's reach. aim, In Price in Terms— -SSOO the word "Sterling" on silver. f~f* £&)
It Is a Mission design in quarter- Down and SI 00 a Week These are 30xC0-inch rugs — best for -
sawed oak. weathered finish. -It stands an even 6 feet in mo r ? t Purposes. EXTENSION TABLE, glG.OO. ** ¦
cloiets^rch .Yd r ; n SS^i : for W a! mir- & \ «-• D0WJf B^5 g'°° A 1 ™**
ble dd linen and silverware down the -ors-doubles your stock of c<mCK p3fcApBS Prices .»d sg ™ t^ can be tound
A heavy French plate mirror ex- Pretty bits of carving at the £" d v « ry K °? d S^ 8 the y are - reversible. Made of oak- solid and rich. Lhjm ars
tends the full width under, that can- top of each door. 60 l ™ h ** wide, fringed on all sides. KracefSl?v turned and flute(L
°Py tp P- Weathered oak only. , No mail or telephone orders accepted Extends to s"x feet! &
„„„: '^,"^^, *:,^ n^ o^l r , nr , r , r _J . „- APVJ^^^fSnE3l|gEXTrgL '"'•_;-' ._____*
.i*f *y. jfggjg Jy^by< t <? ¦ iaBaliEBWA. IfPAUf lai** Ifl/ ¦ I *% r% w% *%' IB—-
/y';-f -« W^&'^wHB&si* A U IK Vv 111 I SS hh ll\n I *v RSHii
r^JMBi PRO VB IT.
f JSi^flHKli' 'iViS'l"H"-- :i • ' ;> Hk and 9tren * tnealn S to °° lh 'h® hair and scalp tlut etea
. ¦ JitjS%%#4l3!? : i-y* : "» ifilsS^-Siiiiir » 25c. bottle of It Is often enough to show wonderful im-
f JlBii&f^ixl E&- ; ¦¦ > %m [AlB^w^^Sraa* provements. It at once Imparts a sparkling brilliancy
f«3BHfc&^Bp£ »}£= rff™"BBoMHHf and velvety softness to th9 hair, and a few weeks' us«
Mgj&SBWtBtt^ FJ " a lAfsHBT/i 1§i wltI caiJ!W; MW halr to sprout oat all over tho sculp, and
/HfgEslilllili ?¦ I ™&y$\&&-J* :< W$k grow abundantly. long and N»ot!fnl. Use It every day
£W-WBi&'^'8WB$*£$ ! £*' #i«l^fc'-* "^iSw*? * or awh "*- *f' er w hlch two or three tlm«*saweek will
• -J^^ FRFF To 8how^U^Da^derln; a ct,rt re :
rniibi will send a large sample free- byretorn mail to
v •¦¦'; anyone who sends this, advertisement to the Knowftan
M . r> - wm"* , h , O S a A h m V Dandertna CO., Chicago, with their name andaddrcs,
; Miss Came Wilson. 3728 64th Place. Chicago. and ten cents in silver or stamps to pay postage. .^^^
ESaj^JS^^y REDINGTON & CO., Wholesale Agents.A yrise man never stumbles twice
over the same stone; /when ha passes
that way again the stone isn't there.
"Two million kegs, containing' 160,
000,000 horseshoes, are used annually In
the United States and Canada, approx
imately speaking:," said S. Im Martin
of Boston, who represents an iron man
ufacturing concern and was in New
York recently. ,..{
"That was about the number used
last . year ¦ and all the hue and cry
about rubber shoes and automobiles
Is raised in the face of a constantly in
creasing sale of horseshoes. As a;mat
ter of fact, the use of rubber horse
shoes, which is confined almost alto
gether to the large cities, is. a help to
manufacturers. The sale of the old-;
fashioned shoe goes on increasing and
in addition to that the manufacturers
have an opportunity to make, the steel
portion of rubber shoes. All BO-called
rubber shoes have- a rim of steel in
them and it is usually a better metal
and cives the manufacturer a wider
berth for profits than the old-fashioned
shoe."— New York : Commercial.
Millions of Horseshoes Used.
The new steamer A. B. Wolvin has,
as expected, broken all cargo records
on the Great Lakes during the short
time which she has been in commis
sion this season. Her cargo record to
date is as follows: Nine thousand nine
hundred and four net tons, 1800 pounds
soft. coal Lorain to Duluth; 9727 gross
tons iron ore, Two Harbors to Buffalo;
10,569 net tons hard coal, Buffalo to
Milwaukee; 10,973 gross tons iron ore,
Escanaba to South Chicago; 9945 gross
tons Iron ore, Duluth to Conneaut. .
The Wolvin in her last trip to Con
neaut established a new unloading rec
ord for ore. Her cargo of 9345 gross
tons was unloaded hi four hours and
thirty minutes by "four Hulett clam
shell machines and four Brown electrl-.
cal machines working together. Tha
Wolvin arrived at Conneaut on Friday
night, but was compelled to wait her
turn until Monday morning. At 7:20
o'clock Monday morning the eight
buckets began working upon her and
at 11:52 o'clock the last bucket was
hoisted from the hold and the whistle'
of the big steamer signaled for a tug.
She had been completely unloaded
without any hand labor k whatever. NO
such work has ever been done : before
on the Great Lakes. The nearest ap
proach to it is the record of the James
H. Hoyt, when 5200 tons of ore were
taken from that steamer by the four
Hulett machines In three hours and
fifty-two minutes. The Hoyt, like the
Wolvin, has her hatches spaced 12-foot
centers.— Engineering News. 'TC&flj
Steamer Wolvin Discharged 0045
Gross Tons Iron Ore In Four
and a Half Hours.
NEW UNLOADING RECORD
ON THE GREAT LAKES
Bteven B. Ayres, who plays golf some,
wa» telling a story the other day of a
caddie who carried his clubs at the new
course on Mount Pocono. The boy had
enatched a hurried lunch, consisting
principally of the great national viand
that Emerson ate for breakfast — pie. .
"1 aeked him what kind of pie he
liked best," says Ayres.
"Well," he replied. "I really lik«
pumpkin best, only it musses up my
ears so." — Exchange.
Bad for Ills Ears.
A movement is now going on among
English iron dealers to have warrants
issued in such form that they will cover
American iron as well as the grades
of English and Scotch iron against
which warrants are already issued. It
is proposed to establish another form
of warrant to be known as Standard
Foundry warrant, making a third \ in
the group of warrants of which the
other two already In general use are
known as the .Scotch warrants and the
Cleveland warrants. In • this country
the warrant system is still in the stage
of development, although the progress
in the establishment of the system has
been much more rapid in recent months
than In previous years, but the ad
vantages of the system are generally
recognized in Great Britain and it is
admittedly desirable for producers to
be able to dispose of their iron by war
rant rather than by direct sale. Here
tofore American iron , that has been
shipped to England has been disposed
of without the instrumentality of the
warrant, and this has to some extent
at least, handicapped American pro
ducers In disposing of their iron on the
English market. Owing to this fact
the extension of the'warrant system hi
England to Include ' the product of
American furnaces will doubtless .be
welcome to American producers, but in
England the suggestion which is al
ready maturing Is not being received
with unanimous favor.
. Commenting on the ptan the London
Statist said in a recent issue: "It
seems like putting a weapon in the
hands of our foreign industrial com
petitors wherewith to beat us.. If they
choose to send us their iron to sell for
¦what they can get they are at liberty,
under our fiscal system, to do so. But
why should we provide them with the
means of obtaining from us as consum
ers higher prices than they have been,
and presumably will be again, willing
to accept as dumpers? The arrange
ment may be a good one for brokers,
but it seems to us distinctly a bad one
for the British Iron trade."
Suggestion That English Warrants Bo
Issued for It Favors American
Producers.
'"Scenic Treasures of California," a
beautiful souvenir book of California, for
75 cents; others for less and some for
more. Orange, redwood and other pood
souvenir novelties at lowest prices. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. • ,
California Souvenirs
DEMAND FOR AMERICAN
IRON IN ENGLAND
At the beginning of the>present year
there were up for hearing in London,
\vhere such cases must be tried, 347
applications for divorce. , The total
number during this year may be twice
as large — a figure that will startle the
English moralists who are already con
cerned with the fact that while the
population has increased 61 per cent
since 1S57, when the divorce act was
passed, the number of petitions for an
nulment of marriage has .increased
more than threefold.
. Furthermore the number of separa
tion orders issued in accordance with
the act of 1895 has enormously, in
creased, amounting to more than 7000
in a single year. Perhaps this is the
most .alarming circumstance of all.
Figures, In fact, show as incontestably
as recent fiction, written by Anthony
Hope and others, that our British
cousins are following the same inister
path as we. The United States rec
ord, however, will not be easily sur
passed, for in thirty-four years more
than 700,000 divorces have" been granted
on this side of the water. Pre-eminence
in conjugal infelicity, or the external
evidences of it, remains with us.
Great Britain continues to be agfi-<
tated over the steady growth of the
divorce evil, though, of course, the
statistics for the United Kingdom look
petty as compared with those of the
United States, where about" 60,000 peo
ple annually go forth freed from the
bonds of wedlock, to be - living wit
nesses of the instability of the mar
riage vow under modern conditions.
In England the number of divorce de
crees granted is still j Comparatively
small.
BRITISII DIVORCES
ROUSING ATTEXTIOX
REDDINQ. Sept. 10.— J. F. Morley, a
deputy Sheriff at Sisson, who was con
victed of vagrancy yesterday at Yreka,
and who announced at the, time. he
would fight the case to the highest
courts, came into court this morning
and was fined $150, which he paid.
"The sporting element of Sisson pre
ferred the charge of vagrancy against
Morley when he tried to rid the town
of some of their number. Morley's ap
pointment as deputy Sheriff has been
revoked.
Minion. of the Law Arrested
and Penalized by Court
and His Star Taken Away
APPOINTMENT REVOKED
Deputy Sheriff Tries to
Hid Sisson of Rough Class
and the Tables Are Turned
OFFICER FINED
FOR VAGRANCY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER i 11, 1904.
35
European Stars Appearing la America far th»
First Time,
THE 4 ELDREDS
World's Champion Novelty and Darisg
Bareback Riders.
THE 4 BEDINIS
Italy's Premier Equestrians.
THE COLINI-CAIRONS
Famous Parisian Troubillon Dancers.
THE 7 GLINSERETIIS
Eurooe'a Mnat Celebrated Acrobats.
THE KAUFFMAN FAMILY
Phenomenal Bicycle Experts.
INCOMPARABLE JACKSON FAMILY
DOILABD TSOX7PE, DACO2SAS, PLY«
ING riSHEKS, 3 BIOS. rOBTXJHS
BROTHERS, TA3TVTANTAK THOXJPE,
GEHABO It THEOi, and 300 More
Peerless Performers.
At Each Performance.
CRAZO
Challenges Death In His Sensational Act.
LEAFING THE GAF
A Bicycle Jump of 52 Feet — the Most Hasard-
ous anl Thrilling Feat Ever Accomplished.
AMAZING ANIMAL ACTORS
3 HERDS PERFORMING ELEPHANTS
CAPTAIN WEBB'S 2 GRJUPS OP
EDUCATED SEALS
And Squadrons of
MARVELOUSLY TRAINED HORSES
The Most Sublime Spectacle of All Times,
JERUSALEM andthe CRUSADES
A Saxzlinff Picture of Beauty. I.iXe, Color
- and Motion, Entrancing Terpsicho-
rean Bevels before Jerusalem's
Oriental Deipot.
EXQUISITE GRAND B.LLET Difertlsement
ONE 50-GENT TICKET ADMITS TO EVERYTHING
Children Under 1g Years, Half Price
TWO PERFORMANCES DAILY AT 2 AND 8 P. M.
DOORS OPEN AT 1 AND 7 P. M.
BIG NEW STREET PARADE MONDAY, 9:30 A, M.
__. __ m mm •>«. nmm sBQh /g»i ¦ mwMMnm Starting from circus grounds at Eleventh and
W% fik O S BB 1 Hi Bil R 1 S fl Market s«. Monday morning at 0:30. to How-
¦ Ji fin PLJ fl I |L JL9 I I Hsj ard. to Second, to Market, to Montgomery, to
XT Ad tn MA I I H HI B I B California, to Kearny. to Market and show
1 ifs H B r& gj L | ¦ U9 U | Qa grounds. This will be tha only parade circiu
¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦— r ,^ m _^^ week.
AdmiMioa Ticket! and Hnmbwred Beaerved Seats wiU !>• en sal* durtnjr tlx«
enjrairwnent at SHermaa, Clay ft Co.'s Music Store, comer Keanxy and Sutte*
Streets, at ezactly the "same price caarjf ed at regular ticket wajrons on tie saow
grounds. ' ' " ¦ »
INGLESIDE
COURSINOARL
Every -
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Courting win begin at 11 o'clock sharp anl
ecr.tlnu* until tb* last wlnalag flag |M tw.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000
All Ulnloait. ear* transfer t» Ooerrtro
ears, which go direct to the park.
JOHN GRACE. Judge.
EDWARD 6HORTSTAO. Slipper.
MISCELLANEOUS A3rUSEMEXTS.
DON'T fall" to »lslt the NEW YORK. 1 to 3
dally and see the ILLUMINATED FLEET
AT NIGHT, 7 to 10 p. m. B* sure to gee
the right tickeU from the C. A. McNEILL.
LAUNCH CO.. office and landing foot of
Clay »t-. Just north of Ferry building.
|ASTHMANOLA|
X* the only cure forarerroua aaA
. Bronchial ASTH3XA.
--' Tour Druggist or at 508 HAIGHT IX, J
Saa Francisco. Cai .- --^
AMTISEarENTS.
,nWwk Commendns; THIS AFTER- p
¦ \ ... ¦ NOON. September 11.
CHEERFUL VAUDEVILLE!
The Harry La Rose Go. ji
'<• PreeenUns Will M. Cressy's One- Act ,
, . '• . Comedy. • .' ¦ ,
, "THB SAILOR AND THE HORSE. 1 ' ,
: pat Rodney andiBent Maribn :
1 / Neat and Eccentric^ Dancers. ' '
i ttliUllillill
, German Monolcgrlst.
I; Leo Carrillo !
Mimic.
: The Great Singing Four ¦
(Mendelssohn Quartet) Presenting
, "NEW YEAR'S EVE IN BOHEMIA"
: Burton and Brooks
In Their Comedy Sktt, "A CAN OP <
; humor."
i The Three Mitchells
? Creole Entertainers.
I " '
i Knight Templar Parade j;
Shown In ORPHEUM MOTION PIC-
. TURES. . ,
, Last Week of the Talk of the Town, \
< : H Our Boys in Blue"
Kronau's Great Military Sensation,
Including
Indiana's Crack Drill Corps
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday,
Thursday, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES — 10«, 25c and 80c.
X :L~~~. ¦¦•¦¦¦ .77777:+!
ofmllllJiioiw
I AQT \A/CC|f TP.EMENDOUS
BEGINS MONDAY EVE., SEPT. 12.
mTOREADOR
THE SERENADE
BEGINS SUNDAY EVE., SEPT 18.
FAREWELL TOREADOR MAT. SEPT. 17
Prices, 25c, 50c 75c. Seats Always Selling.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK OF
"TheANHEUSERPUSH"
No Abatement of Enthusiasm.
Tremendous Crowds Pouring In. .
Two Hours of Incessant Laughter.
Most Magnificent ' Production.
Unexcelled. Cast of Burlesaue Artists.
.,*.•'¦ Unsurpassed Chorus' of > Forty.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME- POPULAR PRICES.
Next Burlesque, Monday. Sept. 19.
MISS MAZUMA 4
A Strictly Original, Funny PUy.
' Seats ' now . on ' sale.
; : spgciAii .-ijeotures.
Sra KHIGHTS, V1SITOKS, ALL,
Attend the ' great lecture of Uh» season. Al-
hambra Theater, I Monday (to-morrow).» Septem-
ber 12, at 8 o'clock, by Henry Frank of New
York, on "Russo-Japanese War: Its Causes
and Conneauences." This is to. be the educa- j
tional and oratorical feature of the Knights
Templar • and - Odd Fellow season. Come and
hear one .of the; most electrifyinar ' orators - of
the age. Music furnished by Professor Greven.
Free. ¦ : Collection. '- Reserved seats • 25 cents.
Come early. -Avoid crowd. ., - - . ,
51ISCIiXI^yEOUS.^ '*.
7 - 1^P^^ TRX_MY
mm& printing
' Jmp^m^. Prices
I invariably rJcase my patrons, be-
cause I give them the best workman-
ship at a minimum expense.
DEVELOPING:
Rcll of 6 10c i [Roll of 12 15o
PRINTING:
Solio finish 3c to 5c
Velox finish 3c to 6o
TRY MY DAYT.IGKT LOADINO
FILMS — E^st on earth. Small prices.
ATJSCO CAMERAS are pronounced
by experts to be unexcelled for quick
and accurate work. Prices from
S.'.OO up.
CYKO PHOTO PAPEB — Is the b*st
• paper for developing: by- artificial
lijrht. Cameras repaired at moderate
figures.
Mail orders promptly died.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, Th» Stationer.
' 1008 MARKET STREET, Odd. Tilth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Pfllarp D0N ' T f ail to
lalUWW see tj, 8 beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flf1fl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, tfao
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
tinuia louis xv par.
uiaiiu LOR^ Mnd the LA .
H A~l~ DIES* WRTTINO
Hotels room -
iVOH(30L\9 and
ULAU1XG BUSINESS COLLEGS Of THB
WEST.
Over 5* Post et.. San Francisco. OU.
Estsii. 49 years. Opea e&tir« year, day & nlgrbt
Write for circulars (free).
Polytcctulo Bnsl-
--vj^^jS'TCw^ cess Collere «ad
f^C^^7«i^^|^^>. School of Engi-
jflflJC-R^S^Jj?? eeerlrgr, O*klind t
WiZ^&~fc%£&& Cal * "~ Lar E«st and
KiiT*''"'. •< 'LiS^oSa bert «*JU'PPHl school
tr^irfrrJrri^^^ii— && °* l>u*ine»», ihorthand
h^ffy°^MFBjrm acd enKineertns: west
'W V"~ vr P r Tr*i' t U>> :^ cf Chlcagn. Perfect
1 "' 'I fj^ i |'i>i ¦ ~*^" c 1 1 is 1 1 c. ' Expenses
low. Writ* for free
Jf'O-pase Catalogue.
THE U."VCEU^l.
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law «.nd tncdlcal oolleres. is well
knevrn for Its ctrtful and thorough work. Com*
• nd be wj tii us; we prepare you well; refer-
ence*. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
ft**r. Pfctian Bulldins.
L. U. GRAU. Ph. D.. PrtnelpaL
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Boarding and day school for your.jr ladles and
little rirl». £12C California etreet. Will reopen
Autri:« 1, lsru. Accredited to the universities.
REV. EDWARD li. CHCRCK. A. M.. Principal.
.Mount Taniclpais Military Academy
SAN* RAFAEL. CAL. . j
Junior school separate. Fall term becln* Aujr. (
17. ARTHUR CROSBY. - IXD.. Head Muter.
* Y fV A rW A T^ Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR G £!'B~
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT
WHITE WHITTLESEY V*
ROBERT EMMET
MONDAY NIGHT-ALL WEEK.
E*g.. 25c-75c; Mat* Thurs and Sat.. 25c-50c.
VA/HIX1E \ A"P Tflfe-ALCAZAB CO. |
U/HITTLESEY
In captain ; iggjir. -De^nl
TlflCOfflAl
John Drew's Great Success .
To Follow Mr. WHITTLESEY la MONBARS.
Market Street, Near Eighth.. '.Phone South 833
MATIVEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
Theodore Kremer's Overwhelming . Success
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time- Here of Blayney** Greater New
• . • • York Melodrama,
: ONI.Y A SHOP GIKL.
One of the Biggest Hits of the Season!
pmrcc kvenings..- .....ioc to 50c
I ttltCJ Matinees....... 10c. 15c. 25c
i Weekly CaU, $lper: Year
AMUSEMENTS;
IIUDI A SAS FRANCISGO-3
I^UInyEwlCSIA LEADING THEAiRE
Powell Street. Near Market.
TO-NlGHT !
And for
ANOTHER WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
MR.. KYRLE
BELLEW
.. And. original company, including; - ¦ '
E. M. HOLLAND,
•;• in the fascinating; study In criminology.
RAFFLES;*?"
• • • • • = Cracksman
Last time next Sunday night.
MONDAY, rpurj
SEPT. 19- • o • 1 II JQ • • •
.rreproach- WIZARD
janza. mmKJM. \JMu.mm
100 PEOPLE— MOSTLY GIRLS.
SEATS REIADY NKXT THURSDAY.
"WEEK BEGINNING
MATINEE TO-DAY
BOTHWELL BROWNE'S
New Japanese Musical Extravaganza.
SCO PRINCESS Dances,
Clever - i • • Marches,
Juveniles FAN Ballets,
In ¦ *"*'* , Oorceous
the Tl | l ' Scenery
Cast. . I A IN and
l^ m, mmm _ _ Costumes.
Reeular Matinee Saturday.
POPULAR PRICES— 15c, 25c, 50c
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
¦ Commencing
TO-NIGHT SSSSSi TO-HIGHT
. Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Oliver Morocco's Superb
MAJESTIC THEATER CO. OFTERING
A Magnificent Production of
t °h f eKING
Sept. IS— THE ALTAR OP, FRIENDSHIP.
/ — CALIFORNIA—^
TO-NIGHT
Mr. Frederic Belasco Presents "
. FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Last Season's Great New York
Success '
MARTA OF TJK LOWLANDS
rarewell Week. Commenclngr
Sunday, Sept. 18.
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
Wednesday Matinee. -^
' ' ¦:-'¦.¦<;-¦¦'¦ " SAZA '•
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Saturday
Matinee.
TESS OP THE X>17RB2:RVXU£S
SEAT SALE TO-MOgROW.
¦ . I
High-Class Specialties Every After-
noon and Evening in the Theater.
THREE DENTOXS; BRYDEN'S DOQS; THB
MUSICAL GOOLMANS; RALPH POST
AND ESSIE CLINTON; NELLIE GERIN;
MABEL LAMSON AND THE, AMERICAN
BIOGRAPH.
" SPECIAL— Children visiting the Chutes Sun-
day mornings, when Sultan, the untamable lion,
performs with Captain Hendricks,' in the Zoo,
will (be given tickets for the Miniature Electric
Railroad Ferris Wheel and ' Galloping Horses
WITHOUT EXTRA CHARGE.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
•Admission :10c: Children 6c."
When Phoning 'Ask. lor " tha Chutes.
r v : - ; •*ADVEnTisE^iJsyTS : ;
BeBaBEBBBeBEBBBBBSgBHIBBlOEaHBBBBBEIlslBBBiiBBslBllaB
H ¦ ¦ ' - .-".'•¦' - ¦ ¦ ¦ -^ ¦ ¦ . . . - .¦ ¦ • . ' - B
'¦•' ' : Tn'eliafgest Eiclustve Cloa^ ana siut House West of Hew YorK City. ¦
B '• -"-*""-«' II 'II J If I B
'¦¦'" '¦'¦' ' '•- '/j£zj**\ llnQVnQiBQn ilQlllQC h
5 ''W^®m UlluAuullGU udlUuu ¦
1 -^MSi Tailored Suits f
m 1^ ; |P . arra Y °f styles ever shown by us. B
S ftl^i Q^^^^ll^ \ G°°d material and excellent work- §
¦¦' Our Low Prices Arc Mot 3
1 * ip|S| |vf Equaled Anywhere o
I 1^ $15.00. SI6750"and $17.50 |
R Is^^^P^^ English Tweeds, Scotch Mixtures and a
B " ' Reliable Cheviots, made up in pretty, ¦
S ~K • - much favofed TOURIST STYLES, ¦
2 ' ' M"i', trimmed with velvet and fancy silk braid, g
gV ¦ NOVELTY SUITS at $20, $22,50 and $25 I
B ' A Choice Collection of Elegant Styles, among which the "Mikado" and Fancy B
B , Vest Effects are predominant; made of high-grade Venetian and English B
¦ Cassimeres. . . S
S JACKETS, U and Full Length COATS 1
5 SMARTand CORRECT STYLES-Corset Jackets of Tried Quality Covert , 5
¦ ¦"' Cloth and Whip Cord in Extensive Variety, 22 to • 7 Cf) Ia (On nn H
5 .' 36inches long.:........ ......: OliOU TO $OU.UU g
H NOVELTY COATS— Elegant and Exclusive Styles (in ro i A (rn nn 5
| Only; Popular Prices. :.. OlOiOU 10 $OUiUU ¦
g DRESS SKIRTS, WALKING SKIRTS g
t^^^£v2mm\mS^T&%l.n> $4.00 and $5.00 g
B CHILDREN'S' COATS- New Unes at popular prices, S5.OO to SIO.OO ¦
I FURS! FURS! FURS! m
J JACKETS, STOLES and SCARFS at LOWEST MARKET PRICES g
¦ 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STEEET. y o « n v s g
BBBBBBBBBBBBBLBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
" "_'_ '^ _ _'_ __ '_ '_ _ ''_ AJDVERTISE3IEyTS. J^
fJTAILOR SUITS, LONG AND SHORT COATS, |
| FURS AND SKIRiS AT WHOLESALE PRICES |
,9 ~ : 7.-. "^ ~~. " ' i ¦ ! O
2 Only the Very. Latest Styles of Garments,. Made by Expert 2
2 $25.00 Suits, ¦ wholesale price . x .$1 7.50 2
O $30.00 Suits,; wholesale price ." $22-50 •
2 $35.oo Suits; wholesale" price .$25-00 2
• $40.00 Suits, wholesale price ' ; . .$30-00 2
• $10.00 Jackets, wholesale price $7-50 ©
2 ;$i5-oo Jackets, wholesale price .;...... $1 0-00 2
2 $20.00 Jackets, wholesale price $1 5.00 '•
• $25.00 Jackets, wholesale price $1 7.50 o
2 $25.00 Fur Goats,- wholesale price '. $20 00 2
• $32.50 Fur Goats, wholesale price $2500 •
0 Skirts of' Every Description at Wholesale Prices. 2
2 Wholesale Manufacturers. o
g| Vr--' 1140-1142 Market Street |8
, ADVERTISOlEyTS. .-.-.-.-,.--
I Dry Goods <:^^^P Company. \-\\
!~ — . __!
• FALL AND WINTER |
2 IMPORTATIONS NOW READY •
© We are showing a particularly strong line of Up-to-Date J
• Fabrics in Plain and Fancy Materials. %
| — - 8
g MOHAIR R0XAN&— For hard wear; bright finish and docs not •
• lose its luster, yard SI.25 tO S2.0D ©
J CREPE DE PARIS— Eolienne and VoUe— The popular light •
o weight materials; we have Just opened another shipment of a
these goods at prices ranging upward from, yard .;..••
o ¦;¦:-.. :.:':*..: ...Sl.OOto S3.50 •:
2 MISTRAL CREPON— A Parisian novelty for the coming season • l
© in some very handsome designs, yard S 3. CO tO $4.00 . e |
• BROADCLOTH— This fatric wUl be very popular and our. line •
2 comprises all grades at prices ranging from, yard ........... %
2 •• -Sl-OOto S4.5O •
2 Z.IBELI\E — Will be much used and comes in plain and fancy 2
• effects at prices-from, yard $1.50 tO S4.5O • '
o ¦ rrr w o
2 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
® Getry and Stockton Streets, Union Squwi. •
AMUSE3IEXTS.
circus "™™Tn s Tn emeus
COMMENCES V L U I f J"E COSTMEHCES
TO-MOEBOW U'L i H IsL-IIJ TO-MOMtOW
ArTEBWOOIf ATTEBN002J
at a O'clock. UTH AND MARKET STS. at a o'cxocnc
1m> /^^H \> WORLDS CUAIa/C
The Bifrrert Show of All Times, Past or Present, Surpassing in Scope* Magni-
tude and Grandeur Anythlnsr Ever Before Attempted. .
$3,700,000 Invested 50 Musicians 85 Railroad Cars
$7400 Dally Expense 200 Unique Acts 40 Elephants
1280 People &&0.- 100 fxc'uslve Features 20 Camels
375 Star Performers 100 Dens Rare Wild Beasts. 650 Horses
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
Special Sale of
Leather Goods
S4.OO.
FOB THIS 24-I1T. UEATHER SUIT
CASH.
Above is one of the special offers
we are making for the next ten days.
We would be glad to have you look
over our line. It's the best and most
complete assortment in the market.
Trunks, Bags and Suit Cases.
A. B. Smith Co.,
1 16 Ellis, near Powell,
Perfect Fitting ftp
Eyeglasses tp
£t Moderate Cost f »
¦¦¦:¦¦ ¦¦: -¦::'¦¦¦.-. : >
V 642 4iarke.tSt
YOU 1A7/\INT CASH
F-OR YOUR STOCKS
Industrial, oil or mining;. I can ret the
coin for you. Write m*. GOLDFIELDS, TONO-
PAH AND "FOX RTVER ALASKA. I have
some winners in these fortune-making dis-
tricts, one of which pays 23 per cent yearly
GUARANTEED or your . money back. A
limited block only to each person; (100 can
make $1000. Ask me about them. A. F.
HARASZTHY culte 622, Crossley building:;
phone Grant S3.
Every. -Wonaii-
/vW^Sj iWuWim 1» Interested and should know
nravAl ttli v\"S.Mift about the wonderful
IWKS^tefflB MARVEL Whirling Sproy
\VA^»jS^§PWia Tl18 ft*" iflmMl ByrhiM. JnjeC-
\.-^^SQm^^St^ tionand JSurlion. Best-Haf-
N*^ V*s!S^^en-Mott ConTenient.
i»k favT 4r»pf lit Hir It. iQB? "*»
If he cannot iupply the X'i. ttSSVmnrZZYpZr
JIAIIVKI,, accept no NC^<C *#£^7V_-
other, bat send stamp for ' <Hl r«MmQ\j
, illustrated book- mftt. It|rfTe» : m, /
¦ fall particulars and directions In- ¦ Nj/, g m
¦ Y&luabletoUdles. M AHVKL CfttTs/v* 1 ,- ,,^m
41 Park Bow, ."We vr Vork. - • ¦'
152 New Montsomery, San Francisco, Cal.
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union- Drue Co., 400 Gutter and 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy...; ..........119 Ellis
: _»nSCEIJANEOUS I AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA THEATRE-EXTRA
Two Grand Operatic Concerts
Wed. Nisht, Sept 21. Sat.. Mat., Sept. 24.
MME. FANNIE
FRAN CISC A
Prlma .Donna Soprano- of the. Opera . Royal,
nm|S0Sa*Kv Amsterdam. 1 1 ttthh wmijdm'
TWO BRILLIANT PROGRAMMES.
Melville Ellis at the Piano.
<5FAT<5AI F Begins neit Thursday
OLH l.,OHLL t at Sherman, Oay & Co.'a,
Prices, ?2,:?1BO, $1 and 75cSUES RAILROAD.— Suit was filed yester
day by Mary A. Cox against the United Rail
roads for $20,000 damages for the lot* of her
¦on. Albert. J.. ered 6 years, rrho was killed
by a Folscm-etreet car en July 17.
SEEKS DAMAGES.— Frank. James has filed
suit against Fred W. Gregory* and the White
Sewing Machine Company for Injuries en«
talned on May 11. when he was run down
by a machine owned by tha defendant corpora
tion and driven by Gregory.
B.F.Stoll. dentist: Haierht & Masonio av.»
The heirs of the late Mark Thall
have brought suit to have a new ex
ecutor appointed. It is alleged that
M. E. Mayer, the present executor,
claims an Interest In the property in
cluded in the estate ' and is therefore
disqualified to care for the interests
cf the heirs.
John A. Paxton, the blind son of
Blitz W. Paxton, the wine grower and
backer, brought suit yesterday to com
pel his father to provide for his sup
port. The young man's parents were
divorced in 1894 and since that
time the son haa been living with his
mother. He came of age on August
10 and It is now alleged that owing to
hi* Infirmity and need of constant
medical attendance his moth2r is un
eble to provide for him.
Sues for Maintenance.
Demand New Executor.
Visitors to our city, and the public
generally. , are cordially Invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions • of, the very latest things. in pic
tures * and frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street- ' • . .
Art Notes.
•J..W. Hilton of 1430 Post, street
was . engaged in pumping out clogged
gas pipfs at 5 0 4 Ellis street yesterday,
when the pump exploded and his head
was cut by the. fragments. The
juries were treated < at the : Emergency
1 t 1 a 1 totf*SJHMflsStoftBHBBtf-jyfej>yiitHSfll ' ~* . .
Gas Pump Explodes.
Dr. Nagel, oculist, .removed * to ' 721 Butter
street. Phone East 1217. Hours 10 to 12, 1 to 3.*
\ Mrs. Lucille Kimball-Murray was
arrested yesterday .by Detectives
O'Dea and Mulcahy on a; warrant
issued ¦ by . Police Judge Mogan charg
ing her with defrauding an innkeeper.
She was released on $200 cash bail.
The complaining witness is C F. Pall
let of the' Clarendon Hotel, who al
leges that the defendant surrep
titiously removed her trunks from
that hostelry without paying her bill
of $93. She said she expected her hus
band to Join her at the hotel and that
he was wealthy.
Her Board Bill Is Unpaid.
John H. Van Horn yesterday filed
answer to the complaint of Mary A.
Van . Horn, formerly Jackson, for; the
annullment . of their . marriage, which
was performed on May 14, 1899. Mrs.
Van Horn says that at that time .Van
Horn had another wife living. In
answer the - defendant says he , had
been married previously, but had been
informed on what he .believed to be
reliable authority that his wife bad
obtained a divorce from hini. •
Tan Horn Flies Answer.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and aearalgta.
Druggist*. Mo flask. Ktchard * Co.. 406 Clay.*
Special attention baa been given to securing
large, roomy, well lighted departments ao that
shopping; will be made a pleasure. Every
facility and convenience sosslbte has been in
cluded In the arranging of the various sec
tions and It has been the hope of the man
agers of this up-tc-date establishment to hav*
the most modern floor of Its kind west of
Chicago.
Nearly half of the entire floor space Is de
voted to women's cloaks and suits. Here
garments from the most moderate in price to
the more expensive ones may be found. Mir
rors are scattered everywhere and chairs and
tables are arranged most conveniently to see
the various style offerings. •
The millinery department, with Its pattern
bat rooms, has a number of Innovations never
before seen In this city.
Situated in the corner of the floor, with
lights from both Jones and Market streets, is
tho department for art goods and draperies.
A well appointed section for boys' clothing
and furnishings and another for women's
dainty muslin underwear are also to b* found
on this same floor. '
Every woman should avail herself of this
opportunity to see a floor of a store of the
most modern kind.
Every woman In the city win %• lnt«re>t«4
in the rrarid openlnsr of th» ••cond floor of
the Prag-er department etoro at Market and
Jones streets Monday. It Is Just In time for
the fall, business. Every new style and Idea
In women's wearing- apparel, millinery, etc.,
will be found there.
Wonderful Style Display in Space
Departments of This Progres
sive Bi«; Store.
PRAGERS OPENS
SECOND FLOOR
Salt was filed yesterday in the Su
perior Court by the Manchester Assur
ance Company against Thomas J. Con
roy, Its former agent on «iis coast,
for $25,000. An order is , also "asked
compelling the defendant to give the
plaintiff corporation access to certain
books and papers and to restrain sub
agents employed by him from inter
fering with the business of the com
plainant. ¦>".-><
Conroy was employed as agent for
the Manchester Company from Au
gust 14, 1900, until August 13, 1904,
when he was succeeded by Frank J.
Devlin. ¦ His territory Included Cali
fornia, Oregon, Washington, .Utah,
Montana, Wyoming, Nevada, Colorado,
New Mexico and Hawaii. According
to the complaint, when Conroy was
removed from his position he failed to
turn over ' to his successor certain
books, letters, papers and copies of
reports, which he Is said to be using
for th« benefit of a rival company
by which he is now employed. The
complainant accordingly asks i for
compensatory damages and a restrain
ing order. ¦¦} ." ¦ : . , ¦{
The Manchester Assurance Company
Charges Thomas J. Conroy With
Withholding Papers..
KKKKg DAMAGES FROM
ITS FORMER EMPLOYE
Miss Anna Burelbach, 1S3 Ellis
street, swore to a complaint before
Police Judge Mogan yesterday charg
ing W. H. Plttman with felony em
bezzlement She said that she and
Pittman had been living together for
the last six years as husband and wife.
He was agent for a get-rich-qulck
concern of Los Angeles.
On September 4 she alleges that
Plttman suggested to her that It
would be advisable to hava her dia
mond earrings, valued at $300, reset,
and he offered to take them to a jew
eler. She gave him the earrings and
since then she has not seen him. She
says that Pittman also took with him
her gold watch, valued- at $100; a
heart locket, valued at $8S, and $900
In coin.
She reported the case to Captain
Martin on Friday evening and ho ad
vised her to get a warrant In tha
morning. The wires were set In mo
tion and It Is said that Plttman has
been found. He left the city, it Is
said, accompanied by another woman.
Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy have
charge of the case.
Miss Anna Burelbach Says Alleged
Agent of Get-Rich-Quick Concern
" Committed Emberzlement.
SWEARS OUT WARRANT FOR. .
ARREST OF Wi H. PITTMAN
The Supreme Court established the
precedent yesterday that no tribunal
can go back on an Indictment by a
grand Jury. The question arose In the
case of William Kennedy,- who Is
charged with complicity in the mur
der of Policeman Robinson on Va
lencia street about two years ago. -In
accordance with the decision rendered
the mulatto \ must once more go to
trial.
- - Kennedy was convicted of murder
In the Superior Court on the testimony
of an accomplice. On appeal the Su
preme Court declared that there was
Insufficient evidence to warrant a con
viction, and a new trial was ordered.
When the case came up for hearing
the Judge of the Superior Court dis
missed the proceeding and discharged
the -prisoner, who was . Immediately
rearrested. Kennedy was subsequent
ly released on a writ of habeas "cor
pus. District Attorney Byington went
before the Grand Jury and secured the
reindictment of Kennedy on exactly
the same evidence that the Supreme
Court had declared Insufficient to con
vict. '
When' the prisoner was brought to
court again he was discharged and re
arrested. .In all he was discharged
nine times and' as often taken in cus
tody as he left the courtroom. His at
torneys appealed to the Supreme Court
to set aside the indictment The court
had already placed itself on record as
deeming the evidence insufficient, but
the. question to b« decided was the
right of a tribunal to consider testi
mony given before the Grand Jury
with a view to reversing the action of
that body.
It Is held that this cannot be done
and Kennedy must answer to the
charge of murder once again. Unless
new evidence can be produced he will
never go to San Quentln, for the
State's highest tribunal holds him
technically guiltless on the facts shown
thus far.
" For the real thin* la printing ••• Blwaid
Kaowles Company, '24 Second it. '.
"If the capacity of such school Is not;]
great enough to» meet the demands for !
admission of such children \ In such
grades It should; ba - Increased ,a» ' the
conveniences of the Bchppl ' pspartment'
will admit, but it is my. opjnion.that^no
long as a separate school. Is established
and maintained by the Board of Educa
tion for the education, of children of
Chinese and Japanese descent— that Is,
of Mongolian parentage— such children
requiring instruction . in the ' studies ; fit
such grades must be required to attend j
such school, and 'must not be admitted !
to anv other school.' (Section 1662, Po
litical Code.)
"On the other hand. It is equally true
that children of Mongolian descent re
quiring instruction In mor« advanced
grades than those provided In the Chi
nese primary school must be admitted,
without discrimination. In the other
schools of the department until such
time as higher grades are established
and maintained In such Chines*
schools." ; "
"Discrimination against children- of
school age, however descended, Is not
possible under either constitution or
statute, and children of Mongolian de
scent cannot be lawfully excluded from
schools attended by white children un
less separate schools for their educa-,
tlon are provided, with all the facilities
as to grade and curriculum provided for
those schools attended exclusively by
children of white parentage. (Ward vs.
Flood, 48 Cal., 588.) . , ..
"It follows that tha Board of Educa
tion of this city and county may estab
lish separate schools for children of
Mongolian descent, and that when such
schools are established, with education
al facilities equal to other schools In
the same district provided for children
of white parentage, children of Mongo
lian descent 'must not be admitted to
any other school.'
"From the records of the Board of
Education \ learn that there Is now a
separate school, known as the Chinese
Primary School, to which Mongolian
children of either Chinese or Japanese
descent may be -admitted. .This is a
school of five grades and possesses fa
cilities equal ' to those j provided,, for]
schools of similar grades, attended- by
white children, and so' long as It exists 1
and is maintained * by the ., Board of
Education as a separate' school for the
education of children of -Mongolian de
scent such children requiring Instruc
tion In such grades 'must not be admit
ted to any other school.* . • , > •
ADMISSION OF CHILDREN. <
City Attorney Long yesterday ren
dered an opinion that Japanese chil
dren or those of Chinese descent can
not be lawfully excluded from the pub
lic schools. The opinion was asked for
by the Board of Education In view of
the many applications coming from
Japanese children to attend the schools,
especially the Polytechnic High School,
where manual training is taught in all
of its branches. . ;
In support of his opinion Long quotes
from section 1662 of the Political Code,
which provides that every school must
be opened for the admission of all chil
dren between S and 21 years of' age re
siding in the district, but gives power
to Boards of Education ,. to establish
schools for Indian children and for
children of Mongolian or Chinese, de
scent, and in that event such* children
shall not be . admitted .to other schools.
The opinion says:
SEPARATE SCHOOLS.
San Francisco is considered by
Willis Moore, chief of the . United
States Weather Bureau, to be the most
difficult - forecasting station in the
country. McAdie averages better than
any other forecaster ; in the service,
according to the official records. . For
the last two years his predictions have
been absolutely correct a trifle .more
than nine times out of ten. That he
has his work at heart is evidenced by
the fact that he paid for weather
cablegrams "from Manila last ; week
when :hls. department would not In
cur the expense. ; • .'
The hot spellvhaa gone Into history
and cool weather has taken its place.
Yesterday the temperature was down
to 56 degrees and the wind was high.
It is not: by any means certain that
these conditions will continue, how
ever, jfor a change in pressure below
the Tropic, of. Cancer may make , us
search once more for our straw hats
and summer garments. But Sari Fran
cisco ¦ has Its fog again, and the evi
dence of this i may be secured readily
from the people of. the; Sunset district
and Carville.. McAdie's records show
that California has had plenty of hot
Septembers during the last fifty-five
years, and. he is' disinclined to prom
ise comfortable conditions for the. rest
of the month. He is , still puzzling
over the question of how his ; data told
him to '. predict cool weather for last
Wednesday, which was th« hottest
dan San Francisco ever saw. Speak
ing of his notable error, he, said: . „ »
"It ,was simply because I . did not
know enough. Certain conditions bring
about" certain effects, but we do not
always know all of the conditions.
We hav« no information about affairs
5000 feet above us, and yet a change
up there often upsets all our calcula
tions. Forecasting is not. unfortu
nately, an exact science, and our pre
dictions cannot be given with mathe
matical accuracy. We hope some day
to have sufficient data to be able to
tell the weather for. a whole »eason
In advance. Meanwhile wa have to
do the best we can with what we
have." -: , .. ".-.'.
State's Highest Tribunal
Establishes a Precedent
for Criminal Procedure
Forecaster Sets Forth How
He May Go Far Astray in
Looking Into the .Future
Any Discrimination Against
Children Is Not Possible
Under the Constitution
WEST WIND IS STEONG
KENNEDY LOSES BATTLE
STATE LAW IS CLEAE
Mercury in'the Government
Thermometer Comes Down
to 56 and Fog Reappears
Seasons That Impel Grand
Jury to Action Are Not
to Be Eeviewed in Court
City Attorney Long Holds
Schools Must Be Opened
for All Kinds of Pupils
CANNOT REJECT
AN INDICTMENT
COOL WEATHER
HAS AN INNING
BOARD CANNOT
BAR JAPANESE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 190*.
36
_„>,.: y -- . -'.¦.": ADVERTISEMENTS.
Elaborate Showing
.!|Bt*'® • Our first showing of Millinery has been a
"^^r^rr- -revelation in a way to every visitor. The
j&fx >«. completeness and great variety of the display
//-'LlfrWM wcre hardlv expected so early, in the season.
J!#&0&mW During the last few days many import or-
< t|]gjj|B ! «& ders have arrived, and our trimming corps
w* has produced some marvels, exquisite crea-
irCTbgHSl tions that you will readily, appreciate.
/SJ^Sl^^ji We begin the week with an augmented
SiS^V§?' display which demonstrates our leadership
for both st y lcs and valucs -
'vogffif If you want something differ ent, stun-
ninjr and exclusive in Hats, come to
the Davis Millinery Department . .
A d» t S\ C^mJ About' 50 of our own mod-
A ® IU oDCClal els, the original of which
» — — would cost twice the
amount. The lot consists of Black Toques and Dress
shapes, introducing r the new colorings— brown and burnt
orange, mahogany and new greens.
Pleasing, Indeed, are the
New Tailored Suits
marked tendency for even liOi^v
better workmanship give u\|8Ui*^SS^^
assurance of a higher stan-
careful consideration ofjeverv 9 /jfftu ft!— -flli
little detail in the making of flmi I] \¥~§ffl*£mAn
tailored suits this season. '/§*{ Hn»^ : MS^H|
These minor details, though Mst'l i\h^i •^1SsA;' ;^»*v
seemingly small in themselves, /F^S^mw^M^ V^SS&kSkIs^
are. often the secret of the per- P]W^ K^fe^^^&^l^^
Davis suit you may rest as- /If ll/l'| i^^§^^^^^"
sured that particular attention- KjjH '^^ —
has been given to every one —
I as near ; perfection , as .the .best — ¦ "™™**^ t
; tailors can produce.
AihAA; C-. *~Z mA The new tigh1>fittirig Mili-
?b 4&U oDCClal tary Cut Jacket. The ac-
- - ""'''__ .-r- -¦--¦>¦-' -¦-. ~~£4.-j ~~~+ e ff ec t of the sea-
son. ' This skirt is full plaited. The materials are black
broadcloth, black cheviot and brown and navy mixtures.
•The jacket is* taffeta lined throughout. A great valued at
$20— a rare siiit'bafgain.v
APVEKTlSE31EyTS. J % _ .
..Grand.. .
! ,,^^m, FdS Opehing
: LATEST NOVELTIES.
"" 7^ l^s^^ The autumn stocks are ready now
//1VKS--I1 "i UsSll and we ask you to come and see
(I \XS3 : ---^]h$A them. Never before have we pre-
J i' \m :n:M;J$i ¦ sented such a complete array of
/ / '^Li?i'^ 1$M#&a\ novelty and individual styles/
/ ' / ''$3if$P£k W«w Tailor Suits If ew Dress Goods
\^^J^^^^rf/^7/wi*1 Wow Jackets n e w I^ces
ipfsLf «^ Hew Bilks V ew Art Kovelties
I Autnmn.1904 Autumn; 1904
\ Suits, Ccats, Skirts New Dress Goods
NEW VELVET DRESSES— Sue- In connection with our ooenin*
* dally priced for this occasion, display of Fall Novelties in Dress
Beautiiully designed and elegant- Goods we offer the following spe- .
lv n?de. Of an. excellent reality cial values:
i of dress Velvrt with just enough MIXED TWEED SUITINGS—
of- trimming" ;" make them The 75c kind; navy, garnet,
very beactifuL iSiack, COQ Rfl brown, tan and gray mixtures;
* brown, blue or jrrcen. OttiwU all wool, 38 inches wide. QQp
NEW VELVET DRESSES — Monday and Tuesday only Juu
* Made of extra cood quality. ENGLISH AMAZON CLOTH—
broad tail or crushed velvet. The $1.50 kind for tailor suits,'
beautifully desired and daintily evening coats, capes, etc.;
trimmed. Black, blue, green or sponged and shrunk; all pure
brown. Special price CQO Kfl wool; 52 inches; new colorings,
vw^iwU including black; rich panne fin-
NEW SILK DRESSES— Of the ish. Opening day price, QOp
very best quality of extra heavy yard UUU
Swiss tnffeta; all sizes; black, SUNBURST SICILIANS— The
¦ red, new green, blue and brown. $1.00 kind; navy, new blue, gold-
Well worth S.VvOO. C07 Kfj en brown. Oxford gray and fast
Our price OtliOU black; extra heavy iron frame
MAN-TAILORED SUITS — A weave; bright, silky finish; 52
splendid showing of the newest inches; sheds dust. For travel-
ideas in Scotch tweeds. English ing and shirt waist suits; iiQp
dotes and mannish mixtures. No yard tuu
1 two suits alike; black, broivn, »^ ew p a JJ Silks
blue or green.. S13..SO. $17.50, t?a vrv qtt v<? A^nrcri «t v i«
$22.50, $28.00 and $^.co. , . . SlLi >S— Ad^nced styles.
*..;,* rn . T , . vn TAr-ir Iatest novelties, small designs.
1OLK1S1 COATS AND TACK- dotSf figurcs and checks: 5n the
El is— 38 inches. 4.=; inches and ncw shades o^ brown, blue and
fall length. H.e tight-fitting K reen; an 85c silk. Open- CCn
jackets are varied 111 style and i, ]g day price, yard Uub
I represent the latest ideas now m , rTr tapppta QTT V n
wmsm mmsi
S12.50. $14.50, $17.50. $22. S o and Pnce. yard ....... ....... Ub
! $35 00. Two New Waists
NEW FALL SKIRTS— Made of NEW TAFFETA AND PEAU
Lymansviile cheviots, new tweed DE SOIE WAISTS — Fine Swiss
\ mixtures, broadcloths, etc.; all taffeta, beautifully made and in
colors in all sizes up to .^inches; all sizes; black, white and all the
} kilted and plaited in the latest leading colors. Worth $6.50.
fashion. Worth $10.00. 07 CQ Opening day price QA OR
Opening price OliuU OtiOJ
ETAMINE SKIRTS — Worth BATISTE WAISTS — Worth
\ $17.50 — Blcck only; both walk- $3-75; black, white and all the
ing and dress lengths, finished new shades; also a line of waists
; with a fine all-silk drop skirt and of Scotch shirtings, in stripes
exceedingly well made in every and checks. Both great values.
particular. Opening OIQ 7C Opening day price.... 00 QC
O • ¦ — Q
ISonvesir CusMoa Tops of all descriptions. An unusually largre assortment]
of California emblems and designs. The most complete stock in the city. I
50c each. . I
Q O
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BMS^HSB«B^SM»TM»MSSMSS»»JBsgnPJBf^WB^H^^EsSnBSsl^»^Es^»^BSBBtslsMSMMPP'»» 1 »M* a> * M
IMIiMBIIIUIimilLUUJlW IIIH §
Mfif " Sfp*
—
Js^"^ Monday, Sept. 12
EMBROIDERED
ff * la, ff *
ins ii ewinciis
We have just received direct from the manufacturer a
complete stock of beautifully embroidered Irish Linen pieces
in every size and shape. The assortment consists of TEA
CLOTHS/ TRAY CLOTHS, SCARFS, DOYLIES and
round and square CENTERPIECES.
Linen Table Cloths Webb's Towels
. - . . t • t. A laree, new stock of the cele-
Heavy satm finish pure Ir«h £* Vebb's Dew Bleached
Linen, 2 - yards wide by a» uVtn.t;*,.fc<.ri Tnwela white and
yardTlongfio different patterns, X cd bo^Tr^Tin' £S hudc
a11 ncw * ' ' ' p- 9 ;V $3.50 and fancy weaves.
••" " Prices from $4.50 to $12 per Dozen
Dinnfer Napkins Curta ins
: soo^dozen, satin finish, full A un asaally large varietr of
size, heavy quality, all linen. ne £ n p a t te r ns in Corded Arabian,
c ? o [ht VCry P CO CA SSdlome braided effect*, in
doths ••p-;L'-$3.50 Renaissance, Irish Point aod
<*"• nct> pVlr $4.50
Tapestry Portieres "' '"' "V*"*
We are prepared to show tha Bed Oprea(l5
latest novelties In Tapestry Por- Whlto and colored MarteHles
tieres. A heavy Rep, with plush an j tat j n finish Spreads, foil
border, also plain colors and B j ze - m .hade* of pfak, light
• two-toned effects. Mercerized and me dinm blae, red,- oavy,
with heavy double fringe. All ye ii ow an d white..... C* flfl
new colorings........ CA QQ Each ipO.UU
T T^TIZ Robe Blankets
AmaZOn ClOth Gennan Cottoa Eiderdown
A good quality, all wool, well Robe Blankets. Fine, heavy
finished* cloth, for tailor suits, quality for dressing gowns,
in all the late fall shades of tan, smoking jackets and . couch
brown, green, gray, navy, royal, blankets. A large variety of
cardinal and modes, a r.r. beautiful figured de- co e?A
Full so in. wide. Yard «M»UU signs and colors. Each
We have also received our new Fall Stock of Cluny and Bat-
tenberg Lace and Linen and Lace Scarfs, Doylies and Tidies, Re-
naissance Ruffled Bed Sets and Door Panels.
We will continue our sale of Fine White and Colored Blanket*
-during the week.
NOTE— Mail orders promptly filled. WRITE FOR SAMPLES.
Laaieswaiais Flfty dox . a
VTa have 1.^^ / Petticoats of
received a #//yif5^^/4x/)nL/« an « xtri
larse stock of &• fl *^*^ '^i *"^* >»-/» heavy " uaI '
n«7r Waists %^ • J§jf fy/7 ffW-*' "T. lustrous
forfall.com- Black Sat««n
prlstne Flan- iifZZ^f } f&fcfK&S^ 'j ™^» with
nels, Chal- .JGS^ 4 [+* I J *?Z^^J '^$ Spanish
Hen. Mohairs J~Z A J * fl o u n c e
and Nuns K^Kfi^^^JU tt^rJ^/f m t r I n m ed
Veiling 1 n ,•«> **> ¦¦¦¦1, ff fcO^ wIth t* r *°
plain colors. lo ' sMWn^nUl^ *K J B he mstitched
stripes and - ruffles. Prlc«.
plaids. Prices 1 + >•% ¦* «-k ' , ** . , f}l.OO each.
«1.7S to 111 fn \z\ Po^t Street h e e n I a r
$3.60 each. * 11 lU *" 1 *U5t i^UCCl . vaJae. |1.50.
-^
Esxrj jG^^H
Till ZiIQST WWBXK9
"DOMESTIC 0
The Leader In all modern fcnprar*-
menta. %
"Not how cheap, bat how good.* l>
the motto of the
SOUXSTXO 8. XC. CO,
J. W. EVANS, Acest.
1031 MATtTRT BT, Ew ghcQ.
I iC S^ BRJDCE & CO.J
8 MERCHANT TAILORS, I
',:': 622 Market Street.
M UpStairs. Opp. Palac« Hotot ;
f: san fiSKcisco, I
:':[ Novelties In Imported Wear i
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE VftRRANTED
TBE MADYAIS MUSIC CO.
I 933 Market St, Opp. Mason.
SHEET MXT8I0 AT HAXT TJUCB.
BUSCEUtiANEOUS. . ¦
From Governor
of Washington.
Oeorr* atajerle— Bear Slrt I ha-re
received the glasses you mad* for m*.
They rait perfectly and ; are admirable
la every way; very much, the most per-
fect aid to •ltfht that Z have ever
been able to obtain. Z can recommend
your work to all who desire the assist.
ance.of an expert optldan. Yours very
truly, J.B.SOOS3UL
Ooreme* of Washinfftoa.
GEORGE MAYERLE f S
Beware of Imposters!
avoid Imitators be. sure you see
•mterin#; and look for the correct num-
x savs so Aoxaiw,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" "after holiday week
—SPECIALS—
Hand Couch— Like cut;
j^^^^^j^§j^^^ggj|ga adjustable head; can be
p^^^^= ~""-—=r — — — -^j used for a bed or couch.
[ ~ |gf Special this week,
I J $6.50
¦ ui lOr »l — "^J
Chiffonier— Quarter Table Princess Cheval
tawed oak, French Like cut, 18- Dresser : -Likc cat,
pUte mirror, swell front inch quartered %**f™> Hrdseye
Ubeadx^b^fMO. oak regular £*£ >£$%«
Special, $3.50. Special, $4Z50 value. Spe-
$8.50 $1.25 dal - $20.00
fiBT^TT PSL Worth of Furniture and Carpets
*3P*/ Z& for $7.50 CASHand$ 1.50 per week
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF FURNISHING FLATS COMPLETE SS* d S& I S
account. We pay freight. Our terms also apply to Oakland, Alameda,
Berkeley and all suburbs and towns.
ft m^P Patent
$£§$§$m\ KltchenTable — „
T RRII I IANT FURNITURE CO.
I i UniLLBrtll I 338-342 POST STREET
ON THE SQUARE.LOS ANGELES, Sept. 10.— Two work
trains came together in a head-on col
lision about 7 o'clock this morning on
the extension of the Long Beach elec
tric road, between Anaheim Landing
and Huntlngton Beach. One Mexican
laborer was killed and ten injured, one
of whom probably will die. The name
of the man who was killed is not
known,
ONE KILLED AND MANX
INJURED IN COLLISION
NEW YORK, SeDt. 10. — Three of
the clx bandits who held up the
paymaster of the O'Rourke Engineer-
Ing and Construction Company for
55000 oa August 24 on a lonely high
way In New Jersey are reported to
have been traced to the Italian quar
ter of Paterson and their capture is
believed to be only a question of
hours.
Two hundred men have searched
constantly for the highwaymen, but
although they got so close to the gang
that firearms and articles of clothing
were found where .they had been
tiastlly discarded, the thieves managed
to reach town and a place of hiding.
Three of Gang Which Stole $5000 Be
lieved to Be Hiding in Pater
son's Italian Quarter.
BANDITS ARE TRACED
TO NEW JERSEY TOWN
Continued on Page 39, Column 0.
"On behalf of the. city of Milwaukee,
which I have the honorito represent on
this , auspicious . . occasion, I wish to
thank for-, the hospitality with
which /we?have been treated here. We
feel that we have cause- to be proud of
the city: whose name this great vessel
is to carry; to .the farthest ends of the
earth— the typical American city of the
midlands.. Only fifty years ago the te
pees of.the Indians dotted the shores of
Lake Michigan where, to-day there is a
city of 300,000 souls. Her growth has
been raDid: and. substantial. We often
hear that beer has made Milwaukee
famous, -but- it^ Is' not beer alone that
has been acountable for our prosperity.
We mav have the greatest breweries in
the world, but:. we also have other, fac
tories, some of them also-, among the
greatest of the world's Industries. ;
"The fear that a democracy feeis at
the building up, of. a. great standing
army is natural. History affords .us
many an example of the misuse of such,
a weapon,' but nonsuch fear "should re
tard our navy. ¦ No navy has ever been
used to destroy popular liberties.
\ "The spirit of home Is In the words
of'the poet. who- wrote: '
Outside" are * the , storms ' and - the strangers.
"Every home lover as he looks abroad
on^turmoil' must .wish to shut such per
ils'out from h' Is, own land;; and , to what
shall h*e look for protection but to the i
fleet?, ¦¦•¦.'• . " : ;:,"; ."' ! '- • .;
_, "Outside are, /the storms and the
"strangers— yes; but who : . shall, keep
them out if not a strong navy?"':*
/fecarely ; had : the last words of Judge
Carpenter's address been uttered when
Mr. . Dickie V voice was \^heard from
amidst .the' renewed^ din v of the men
tolling under the' bilges. • ;. ; '^v
"Are you ready/ sir?" . he. shouted., /
."We are all ready," came a" faint re-^
ply. .;" v -' ; . ' / "' ': 7" :
The Jolly Milwaukee lads were 'shout-'
Ing: ?^P|bS^h| '¦"•' ¦
. . We're out for a* lark-e*. . ' I ,.» ¦
V ' ¦-•' To.all'of , u« • pll*rlm»— -¦ "
T.They; got -no -further. 'Some one said
from" the. platform* that it.was five min
utes i. ahead ; of t the v scheduled «. time for
the;, launching*. ; but' as ¦ the {water had
reached the * properTstage the ' signal
would' be given Immediately, Before the
Flames Make a Gap Nearly 2000 Feet
. v/;. * in Width.
MORE SXOWSHEDS BURN.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— A disas
trous fire yesterday destroyed 1S0O feet
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany's snowsheds near Blue Canyon.
The railroad officials believe that the
fire was started by the sparks from an
eastbound passenger locomotive. The
loss to the sheds and track Is estimated
at 530,000. The fire burned from 11
o'clock yesterday morning until 5
o'clock last night and was fought by a
large crew of men and fire trains dis
patched from Cisco and Blue Canyon.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.— Mrs. El
wood Cooper and Miss Eastwood, of
the San Francisco Academy of Sci
ences, will examine and classify tha
trees In tfhe State Capitol grounds fa*
the Stata authorities.
Will Classify Capitol Trees.
. SACRAMENTO. Sept. 10.— Charles
Fouse, a well-known young man of this
city, committed suicide this forenoon
by swallowing carbolic acid In the Play
saloon. He had been In ill-health for
several weeks.
HI Health Cause of Suicide.
Will Send Renfro to Missouri.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 10.—The Gov
ernor's office to-day honored the
requisition of the Governor of Missouri
fcr the return to that State of Elwood
Renfro, wanted on a charge of
felonious assault.
LAUNCHING 'SEEN FROM BAY.
Craft of All Descriptions Gather to
Greet Navy's Latest.
Second Follow Lnunchlnsr .'. ..
While the small bay craft were crowd-
Ing for better . positions to view the
launching the great red hull of the
Milwaukee trembled and began to move
forward.' The r shbut, ¦ "There she goes!"
went up, arid there was hurried scram
bling for places of advantage on "the
little -vessels. .
• Without a j hitch \ or* false ; movement
the huge red hulk slid forward. Her
bow plowed; a '¦ white - furrow through
the green water. The .watchers from the
boats on the bay. fixed themselves firm
ly to await the shock of the swell from
the Milwaukee. But there was no
shock. The enormous [ steel hull glided
gently along and settled "almost'delib
erately in . the. mud '. of the launching
grounds.. ¦
i The Milwaukee began her career pro
pitiously.: She- was ¦ in : the water* Just
• • • Mayor ¦ Rose : of 'Milwaukee, who had
Intended to 1 attend th e launching, could
not . be ; present V in'; California » and ,the
duty) of ?. speaking.: for the -Wisconsin
city* was "assigned ito ¦ Judged PauUD/
Carpenter. ; toward s Mr/ Scott
arid the officers of %he . navy and iTJnloh
Iron .Works,' the Wisconsin Jurist said:
Then there came a clatter, of sledges
and the sharp voice 'of the foreman Ito
the workmen on the ways giving or
ders toclear away, the spectators from
the \ starboard (side ; of the hull. \ The
singers ceased , ; and from the. platform
came the order: ¦¦> "Please be .quiet,' la
dies and gentlemen, the Rev. Mr. Gall
wey., of San . Mateb will; deliver.', a^
prayer." ¦ '•¦"".*.-,'¦' -. '. '•'.'' "•'
.' The sledges stopped, the mendoffed
their hats arid the women bowed their
heads.' •' .',;-. '. -¦•!¦" ¦ •' . ;"-' ' ¦'
In a'clear voice the minister thanked
the Almighty 'for the blessings be
stowed* upon \ the ' nation /and prayed
that in her career, on the oceans of the
world > the* Milwaukee might go forth
as I a ["messenger of peace, . ' but > if a
righteous cause; demanded that heaven
might-be; with; our: arms. ,. '<'¦ :
JUDGE CARPENTER TALKS.
form from' the dock and there was a
dull murmur of recognition in • the
crowd at either hand. Captain Spil
larie's men cleared the way and' dainty
Miss Mitchell ascended the steep plat
form stairway. Miss Jeffrey followed,
then Captain* Jones and wife of. the
Ivanhoe party and half a dozen ladies
in summer, costume. Miss Mitchell
and Miss Jeffrey were escorted to the
"bow of the -." Milwaukee. . Under ' this
was a table decorated with American
flags and bearing the bottie of wine,
ribbon bedecked, and .netted in a mesh
of silver wire. Beside this was the
tiny guillotine that with the touch of
Miss Jeffrey's finger would sever : the
last tie between the Milwaukee and
terra flrma.
There was no band in attendance
and the chatter of. voices was* inter
rupted only by; the /songs of the-Wis
consin contingent holding a* jollifica
tion where the steel foremast: of the
ship was planted twenty feet below/
Oh. here'* to Milwaukee. ' '
We're out for ¦ '
While preliminary preparations
were being made at the Union Iron
Works for, the reception of guests and
the . launching' a party of twerit-flve
persons in automobiles rolled on' the
Misslon-/street pier.wherethe tugboat
Sea King was waiting to convey them
to the Potrero..: The first automobile
carried Miss Mitchell and Miss' Jeffrey
and was handled by Henry T.* Scott.
The other machines brought members
of the Ivanhoe Commandery arid their
ladles. At 10:15 o'clock" the" tugboat
cast off and fifteen minutes later she
landed her passengers at the Union
Iron Works; wharf. . " . ; .
Miss Mitchell arid 'Miss Jeffrey .were
most attractive in their pretty summer
dresses, plainly but .exquisitely .made.
Both carried; bouquets ¦ of V American
B.eauty roses that- afforded; a charm-
Ing contrast- in their • crimson .richness
to the pink and .white 1 of the;com
plexions of the sweet-faced girls. Both
young ladles seemed to enjoy the rioy-'
elty of the situation ' Immensely^ and
broke the monotony of the\trlp to the
launching, with' Just such nervous little
questions • . and ,-. remarks as ¦ young
women . indulge in . on auspicious occa
sions. It Isn't • every *,. girl r ,whq r can >
launch ¦ an • armored - cruiser Xor/cut,' a
string that eends ; \. bigr ; craft down/ to
her first dip In the f*briny.*V I '¦ 'f : ; ;
Mr. ' Scott ' led : the way ¦ to ' the i plat-
AUTOS FOR LADIES.
building of the 'Milwaukee. Governor
Pardee . could not \ be > present owing
to his triD to Eureka. '
The following Sir Knights and
ladies were among the Ivanhoe party:
Captain and Mrs. D. M. Jones. Arthur
Frechlich, Hugo Frechlich, J. C. Post,
Arthur L. Morsel), Mr. and Mrs. A.
Van Pleterson. Dr. and Mrs. Robert
Dadd, Mr. and Mrs. August Braun,
John Campbell, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Clauder,' Harry R. Crandall; Samuel
W. French, : George F. ' Gerlach, Mr.
and Mrs. B. L. Hlbbard.. Hermann O.
Kletsch./Mr. _.and Mrs. H.,N. Laflln,
Mr. and Mrs. James B. Leedom. N. R.
Maclean, Judge -N. B. J Neelen, Mr. and
Mrs. R. C. Notbohm, Congressman
Theodore Otjen," James J. f Perkins,
Henry Telling, Mr. and Mrs. „ A. H.
Tongen, Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Wig
ger and John ,E. .Wlnri.'
Cruiser Milwaukee, Latest Addition to Pacific Fleet,
Christened by Pretty Miss- Janet Mitchell.
Dawson Warns People to Xot Come
Thei-e Expecting to Secure
Transportation.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 10.— A spe
cial dispatch to the Post-Intelligencer
from Dawson, T. T., warns persons at
coast points not to attempt to enter
Alaska this fall expecting to catch
steamers at Dav.-son for the new Tana
na district and Fairbanks.
Five hundred people are now at Daw-
Bon anxious to go down the river to the
new camp, with no steamers available.
The steamer Light left Dawson yester
day for Fairbanks with a 500-ton cargo,
which yielded $25,000 in freight
charges.
The Northern Commercial Company
yesterday refused to send the steamer
Sarah, with a cargo yielding $25,000
charges and passengers down the river,
fearing the ice would close "before she
oould get back. Hundreds are going
cut la small boats from Dawson to
Circle, Intending to walk 250 miles from
there to Fairbanks.
XOT ENOUGH STEAMERS
FOR TAXAXA PASSEXGERS
| MILWAUKEE CO3IMENCES TRIP DOWN WAYS AS MISS MITCHELL BREAKS CHAMPAGNE BOTTLE.
, "Couldn't- have been more satisfac
tory," replied Mr. Scott as he smiling
ly accepted the congratulations.
It swelled into a mighty roar and
echoed back from the fleet of tugs
and bay steamers until the screech
ing steam whistles were put to shame
arid became a very small part of that
deafening volume of sound.
Down, down slid the great Milwau
kee, crushing, and bruising the tim
bers of her cradle. Her bow dipped
deep into the channel and rose, proud
ly spurning the wooden framework
that held her young bones -to Mother
Earth. Her. hull brushed aside th-s
plebeian flotsam of the bay and parted
its way toward the anchorage where
t#o minutes later this thing of a mo
ment's life lay still as death on the
quieth waters of the harbor.
The crowds moved homeward and
the official launching party hurried
toward their tugboat. A ." parting
whistle or two and the Sea King be
gan 'her return trip to the Mission,
where the automobiles awaited them.
The songsters from • beneath the
platform, emerged to enjoy the sun
shine hum a strain or two of
their impromptu ¦ song. The unro
mantlc t'owboat that does scout duty
for the Iron works began to get busy
that she might move, the newly chris
tened cruiser to deeper water, and
the ¦ naval constructors went to figur
ing on sponsons, interior finish, guns
and all that dresses an; Infant warship
after her first bath In salt water.
¦ "Splendid ' success," remarked Con
structor Tawresy. .
Miss Mitchell was ready with the
ribboned bottle. Smash! . The wine
splashed against the 3tem with a pop
that would have made Ned Greenway
chuckle. For a moment there was
absolute silence, then a cheer arose
from the Milwaukee group on the
platform that gathered strength as
the cruiser slid down the ways and
the cheer was slowly but tremendous
ly augmented by the vast crowds in
side and outside of the yards.
words were out of the speaker's mouth
Miss Jeffrey touched the button, there
was a click fro hftfie baby guillotine,
followed by a brash of timbers^ a slow,
forward motion of the r>onderous mass
of fibs and plates and the Milwaukee
had started on her way to salt water.
THE VESSEL. LAUNCHED.
Fifteen thousand people lined the
shores of the bay outside of the ir6n
works entrance and \ climbed the rig
ging of neighboring shipping to get
a better view of the launching. Four
thousand employes of the works and
invited guests occupied positions at
the side of the ways. Police were
stationed In and outside of the yard
and Police Captain Spillane with half
a dozen policemen cared for the spe
cial guests who had tickets to the
platform on which Miss Janet
Mitchell of Milwaukee and' Miss Lily
Jeffrey, daughter of the vice presi
dent of the Union Iron Works, were
stationed to perform the f unctions of
christening the vessel. Miss Mitchell
held the red. white and blue ribbon
to which was attached the bottle of
champagne with which the cruiser
was baptized and Miss Jeffrey's finger
touched . the | button that released the
weight to strike away the last chock-
Henry T. Scott received the guests
of honor and looked' after the comfort
of the visiting., naval officers and
prominent Knights Templar.. The
navy was represented by ~ : Naval • Con
structor J. G. Tawresy, • Naval ; Con
structor L. S..Adams,"Captain Steven- ;
son and Lieutenant Emery Winship.-
Naval Constructor. Tawresy has repre-'
sented the " Government ' ' during ;. the
Dickie was deliberate. The launching
of warships has become a habit with
him. Recent months show the record
of three monsters sent to their element
by the wizard of the plant, and along
side of the adjacent docks the Ohio,
California and South Dakota chafed
at their fender piles in the slow swell
and seemed to be waiting patiently for
the addition to the new fleet to join
them In a comfortable berth.
TIIOUSAXDS AT SCEXE.
But there was a more serious side to
all of this hilarity and shuffling of feet.
Down on the ways several hundred men
under direction of the master mechanic
of the shipbuilding .plant and Manager
George W. Dickie were figuring out the
mechanical problems that always con
front a successful launching. Every
man knew his place and worked with a
will to clear the first half of the chocks
and blocks and make ready for the
final blows that should release the cra
dle from the incline and send the big
ship gliding toward the water.
San Francisco's fame as a birthplace
for warships is as widespread as Mil
waukee's reputation for brewing beer.
This is what Ivanhoe Commandery,
Knights Templar, from the" Wisconsin
city, Eaid about it; , . .
Milwaukee was much in evidence on
the platform, at the ways and on the
fleet of tugs and steamers that dotted
the little cove outside of the Union
Iron Works. Under the bow of the big
cruiser that was launched yesterday
forenoon at 11:45 o'clock there was a
dense mass of enthusiastic humanity,
men and women of Milwaukee. Every
bench upheld a restless contingent of
dainty feminine feet. There was not a
chair— not even a keg^left to stand on.
This is the way San Francisco put it.
Under the platform, craning their
necks toward. the dull red eyes in the
cruiser's bow, was another delegation
from Milwaukee. They were as merry
as the crowd aloft and much more mu
sical. Ever and anon the words of a
Jolly group of singers were heard above
the din of sledges:
Oh. here's to Milwaukee; "- • •
"We're out for a lark-ee.
To all of us pilgrims efcs's dear.
Here's to the Milwaukee.
Her foes she will tnaul-kee.
Her hull will be floated in beer.
Visitors Guests
of Iron Works 1
President.
Miss Lily Jeffrey
Cuts the Last
Land Tie.
When refused admittance by Mrs.
Calder after repeated knocks" Captain
Knipe forced open the door leading to
the room ia which the .woman was.
When the policemen entered Mrs. Cal
der seated herself in a rocking chair,
saying she would never leave her home
of her own free will. As gently as the
circumstances would permit two police
men took the woman in their arms and
in spite of her biting and scratching
hurried her to the Ewen street court,
where Magistrate O'Reilly was in wait-
Ing.
An inspection of the premises by the
police shov.ed that Mrs. Calder had
Kubsisted eince last Wednesday on to
matoes and potatoes. The tomatoes
•were taken from a garden in the rear
cf the house.
NEW YORK. Sept. 10.— The police to
day ended the self-imprisonment of
Elizabeth Calder, who is crazed over
the death of her husband, by issuing
a warrant for her arrest on a complaint
lodged by Policeman Lee, who charged
that Mrs. Calder had threatened his
life when he went to her house to try
to induce her to leave. Before the ser
vice of the warrant Pol iceCaptainKnipe
sent for an extra force of pu!icemen,
fully 500 men, women and children hav
ing congregated, around - the Calder
residence.
Forcibly Take Demented Creature
From House and Hurry Her
Before Magistrate.
POLICE END IMPRISONMENT
OF G KIEF-CRAZED WOMAN
Sensation of Those Who
JIake the Daring Trip
Is Described as One of
Sharp Bodily Exercise
"The sensation," said Wood, "was
like traveling at terrific speed in a
motor carnage, with the addition of
feeling all the time the sensation of
sharp bodily exercise."
LONDON. Sept 10.— Sir Hiram Max
im conducted some sensational aero
plane experiments at Crystal Palace to
day. He and Metcalf Wood went up
to a height of sixty feet on a machine
•which attained a speed of eighty to one
hundred miles an hour.
"The experiments," said Sir Hiram,
"have shown that a well made aero
plane placed at a slight angle from the
horizontal and traveling at high ve
locity has much greater lifting effect
than has even been supposed."
El.cciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 10.— The forest
fire which has been burning on the" Bo
linas Ridge for the last three days is
still raging, and hopes of checking the
conflagration seem dubious. The men
who have been fighting the fire since it
started are exhausted, and the cry from
the burned district is for more fire
fighters.
Sheriff Taylor, who has been working
with nearly 100 men, telephoned to San
Rafael to-day and directed Constable
Hughes to send every available man
to the scene of the fire, and to send
food and drink. Constable Agnew left
late this afternoon with a gang of men
to relieve some of Taylor's crew. The
fire is now burning down the Lagunitas
and heading toward the John Enos
Valley.
Pedrini Brothers, lumber merchants,
have over S00O cords of cut wood on
their place, and as the wood lies in the
path of the flames it will probably be
burned. Over 20,000 acres of brush and
fine redwood and spruce have been
devoured by the flames, and unless
the fire can be got under control much
more damage will be done.
The fire wa3 reported under control
this. evening, but when one of the fight
ers was asked over the telephone if the
report was true he replied, "Under con
trol nothing. Why, the fire is not in
one place; it's everywhere."
Many cattle have perished in the
flames, and all farmers for miles around
have gathered in their stock.
From reports received here to-night
the fire is now near San Geronlmo, and
the bridges of the North Shore Rail
road are In danger. It is reported that
the Mailliard ranch, near San Geron
lmo, is In danger of burning. E. Schmi
'dell of Ross Valley and William Kent
of Kentfield drove to San Rafael to-day
and tried to hire men to backfire up the
Cataract Canyon in case the fire
reaches those points.
Army of Fighters Fall to Stop Prog
ress of Flames.
FIRE IX MAKIN COUNTY.
Last night the camp was supposed to
be safe, but to-day the men quit work,
owing to a difference in the pay, which
was not the fault of the Warden or
Commissioner, but was apparently the
act of an employer to make capital out
of the critical conditions that demand
ed men. Twenty-five or thirty quit
and their action may insure the loss of
the camp.
Commissioner Hy Kron arrived this
morning: and at once commenced the
organizing of relief crews to go to the
assistance of the "Warden, and went
out on horseback to take charge of his
men. The flames are not so fierce in
tthe camp, but they creep slowly and
relentlessly through the dense under
brush. The fire will not injure the
magnificent trees, but it will leave the
ground bare and wasted. The fire in
the Berry Creek section is now under
control, and with the arrival of the
men. under Kron it 13 hoped it will be
brought under control. All other sec
tions are now out of danger.
BOULDER CREEK, Sept. 10.—De
spite herculean efforts, the Governor's
Camp is doomed. The flames are now
within its limits.
Special Dissatch to The Call
Is Sweeping Down Lagu
nitas to John Enos Valley
Bolinas Ridge Still Ablaze
and Destroying Element
IXYEXTOR ADDS
TO ITS VELOCITY
COXFLAGKATION EAGES
INTHEHILLSOFMAEIN
Men Employed to Fight the
Flames C4o on Strike and
Before Matter Is Settled
Fire Is Bevond Control
Sir Hiram Maxinrs Xew
Machine Travels at the
Bate of Eighty to One
Hundred Miles an Hour
HIGH SPEED
REACHED BY
AEROPLANE
GOVERNOR'S
CAMP N0W
IS DOOMED
ANOTHER MIGHTY SHIP OF WAR LAUNCHED
WITHOUT AN A CCIDENT TO MAR THE EVENT
Pages 37 to 48
Pages 37 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, % SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.Quarrel Over .a Polo Pony Race.
GLENWOOD.SPRINQS. Colo., Sept.
10. —In a quarrel over a-polo pony
race* here Sergeant Boylel shot and
killed Private Pearl Allen; of ""Fort
Robinson cavalry, troop. '
,«. . . . . - , - .
¦
Portland 0 0 2 0-0 0 0 2> 0— 4
Bas« htt».....\ 1 0 2 1 1 0 1 3 1—10
• SUiUIAIlY. ¦ ¦ ,
Stolrn bases— Hurley," 'Stcelmaiw Flood. Er
rors. Sp*nccr. Bernard, ¦ Toman. -Two-base hits
—Weed. Hernarii. Sacrifice hit—Natteau. First
base on errors— 1-c* Angclra 1.- Portland 1.
l«eir on ba»e»—Vo* AoE«le* 1, Portland- S.
Iia*e» on, ball*—Oft Uray, 2:; oft; Butler. ;.l;
Struck out— By Oray, 4:.but UuUer, 2. Passed
ball—Eauar. -Wild pUch-rQray. Time of
came —One hour,and torty-Hv* minutes. L'm
plre— McUcnald. '^ ~ i
LOS ANGELES. Sept- 10. — Butler's
pood pitching defeated Los Angeles
to-day by the score of 4 to 3. The
locals could do nothing with his de
livery until the ninth inning, when
three successive hits netted two runs.
There was a good deal of kicking
against McDonald's decisions on base
running. His rulings happened to bo
nearly always against the locals.
Score:
Los Ang*l*»— Portland—
AH.H. II. P.A. AD.H. II. P.A.
Itrnrd. cf 4 1 I 1 0 Spncr. 2b a O 1 4.3
riood. 2b 4 0 2 3 « Hurly.lb .4 1 3 10 0
fmlth. Sb4 0 11 8 Ndeau,cf 4 0 13 1
Crvath,rt 4 0 0 0 0 Wwd, rf 4 1 l 2 0
Ohas*. 1b 3 0 0 14 1 Beck. 3b. 4 0 2 2 1
Toman, s 3 0 0 2 5 ClynwUf 4 0 0 1 0
Ho«. If . 2 0 0 1 1 nymnd," » 3 0 12 3
Kagar, c. S 114 ltStWtnn. c4 113 4
Oray. p. 2 0 0 1 2, Butter, p4 1 0 0 2
•Ur»hMtr. 11 10' Oi '-•-<
1 Total».3(J 4 10 27 U
Totals.30 5 6 27 23
•Uraifccar battrd for Oray tn ninth,"
" RUNS AND HITS BT IXNINGS.
Lr>« Ang*l«*. . . . » 0 0 10 OOO O- 2— 3
. ImmIuu O 03. 19000 5— 0
BUTLER FOOLS THE ANGELS.
This \yill be the last day of . the
cycling tournament at Ingleslde race
track. The programme is made up. of
the following events: '
One-half-mile • championship, two
heats; one-mile championship, two
heats; five-mile "championship, two
heats; three-mile motor race; ten-mile
relay; five mile motor; ten-mile
human paced race; two-mile handi
cap; flve-mlle' tandem; unlimited
motor -pursuit. . V-X: gUll
Mirny . Wheelmen Will Race.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— In the final
for the two kilometer amateur cycling
championship race at the Crystal Pal
ace the result was: Marcus Hurley, the
American- amateur champion, first;
"Al" Reed of London, the holder of
the championship, secpad;' and J. S.
Benyon, Englishman,' third. • Time,
7:07 2-5.
.In the final, of the two kilometers
professional : race ! the result was:
Iver ' Lawson, American, first; Elle
gaard, Denmark, second; 'Henry
Mayer, Germany, 1 third. Time.
6:03 4-5. Ellesraard was the holder
of the championship. * ' ;
Marcns nurlcy Accounts for the Ama
teur Event, While Iver I,ji\\xm
Wins the Professional Race.
AMERICAN CYCLERS CAPTURE
ENGLISH CHAMPIONSHIPS
Siwnshcs Held Well and Hit the Hall
Hard.
SEATTLE. Sept 10. — Seattle fielded
well and hit the ball to-day, winning
easily from Tacoma, Williams let the
Tigers down with only four hits. Ca
sey's fielding was the feature of the
game. Score:
Seattle — Tacoma —
AD. R. n. P. A. AB. R. IT. P. A.
VanH.ef 4 110 1 Doyle.rf. 4 0 0 0 0
Mohlr.Zb 5 0 14 8 Shehn.Sb 4 0 0 0 0
l>hnty.3b 3 111 1 Nrdyk.lb 4 0 19 0
Frlsk.lf. 4 0 110 Earan.a. 4 0 0 3 2
Blkrp.lb 3 1111 O Lynch, ef 3 0 0 11
Smith. rf. 4 13 3 0 Casey. 2b 3 0 1 3 S
IU11.S... 4 2 2 0 a Mol.cn. If 3 O 1 4 O
Wlloon.0 3 0 17 o.Hoitun.c. 3-0142
Wlllms.p S 1 1 0 3StYrnn.il 2 0*003
Totals. S3 7 12 27 lSl Totals. .TO 0 4 24 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
EeatUe 0 0 0 12 0 4 0 x— 7
Ras* lilts 11111511 x— 12
Tat-oina O O 0 O O O O 0 £ — 0
Bas« hits O 2 0 O O O.I 1 0 — 4
SUMMARY.
Errors — Nordyke. Hogan. Earned runs—Se
attle 2. Two-bas* hits— Hall. Nordyke.
Three-base hit— Van Haltren. Stolen bases—
Wankrnehlp. Smith, Wllvon, Casey. Bases on
called balls— Off Williams 2. off St. Vrain 4.
S-truck out— By Williams «. by St. Vrain 2.
Doubl* play — Casey to Nordyko. Passed ball
— llocan. Wild pitch — 8t. Vrain. Hit by
Pitched ball— Blankenshlp, Lynch, St. Vrain.
Tim* of game — One hour and fifty minutes.
L'mplrt— Drown.
WILLIAMS BLANKS TIGIIRS.
Pacing division, purse $2500, two in
threts — Bucklock won the second and
third heats in 2:16, 2:17%. Bolass won
the first heat in 2:14%. Two starters.
2:17 pace, purse $1000, three in five —
Bad News won three straight heats In
2:13%, 2:10, 2:14%. Funston. Lookout
Hal and Edgar Boy also started.
•Hartford Futurity, -foals of 1901, purse
JS500; trotting division; two in three
heats — Alta Axworthy won two
straight, heats -in 2:13%. 2:14%. Prin
cess *Athel, Tolara, Pleasant Thoughts
and Lord Revelstoke also started.
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 10.— The
Grand Circuit meeting at Charter Oak
Park was brought to a close to-day.
Summary:
2:12 trot,, purse $1200 — Invader won
the third, fourth and . flf th heat3 in
2:11%. 2:12%. 2:12%. Patchen Maid
won the first heat in 2:12%... Norman
D won the second heat in 2:10. Mun
roe. Lady Gall Hamilton, Joymaker
and Midnight also started.
2:17 trot, three in five, purse $2000 —
Knox's Gelatin won three straight
heats in 2:13%. 2:13%,. 2:12%. Tuna.
Mainland, Jimmy Michaels," Delmar
McGregor, Hopper, Masconama, Tom
P. Quair, Acorn Bpy.and Loretta also
started.
Wins Two Straight Heats In Fast Timo
in the Trotting Classic at
Chnrter Oak Pork.
HARTFORD FUTURITY GOES '
TO AUTA AXWORTHY
(National League.) I (American League.)
W.L. Pet. w.L. Pet.
New York. . .03 S3 .738'Boston 78 48 .610
Chicago 76 50.600 New York. ..78 48.613
Plttsburg ...73 50.594 Chicago 72 56.567
Clnclnnatl . .70 54 .505 Philadelphia .6S 62 .567
St. Louis.... 64 64 .500 Cleveland ...69 54.561
Brooklyn . . . .45 7» .363 St. Louis.... 50 70 .417
Boston 45 82 .354 Detroit 50 70 .417
PhllaiKlphla .36 00 .2S6 Washington .31 95 .246
"' AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 10.— In the finest
game seen on the local grounds this season.
the. home team, in the thirteenth inning, de
feated Boston by a score, of 1 to 0. Attend
ance, 14.100. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 0 7 ,-0
Philadelphia 1 7.3
Batteries — Young and Crlger; Plank and
Powers.
CLEVELAND, 8ept 10. — Cleveland won two
games from Chicago to-day. In the first Bern
hardt was hit hard in the earlier Innings and
Chicago tecured what looked like, a winning
lead. Cleveland, however, batted out Kinney
In the ninth. In the second game Cleveland
hit Smith hard. Attendance,- 6700. Scores: -
First game — : . R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 10 , 1
. l.ii-aEO 4 8 8
Batteries — Bernhard and Buelow; Kinney,
Alt rock and Sullivan.
Second game — . R, H. El
Cleveland 11 12 2
Chicago 0 7 2
Batteries — Moore, Hess and Ostdlck; Smith
and Sullivan.
NEW YORK. Bert. 10.— In to-day's double
hrader, the Washington and New York Amer
icans broke even: Scores:
First, game — • R. H. E.
Washington -. 3 13 1
New York 2 10 1
Batteries — Hughes 'and Clark; Garvin And
McGulre.
Second game— R. H. E.
Washington- 5 11 1
New York 6 14 ' 2
• Butteries — Wolfe and Klttredge; Orth and
McGulre.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK". S«>t. 10.— ThePhlladelphlans
gave the local Nationals two hard battles here
to-day, but they were beaten In both games.
Scores :
First, game — ..... R. H. E^
Philadelphia 4.0 4
New York 5 ' 10 . ; 0
Batteries — SuthofT- and Dooin. Wiltae and
Warner. ....
Second game — .. ¦ . R. H. E.
Philadelphia 5 7- 5
New York 6 9 3
Batteries — Colwell and Roth, Taylor and
Bowennan. Umpires — Kennedy and Moran.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 10. — Poor support,
rather- than the large number of base hit*
secured., was resionslble for Harper's defeat
at the hands of St. Louis to-day. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 . 7 1
St. Louis 10« 13 1
Batteries — Harper and -Peltz. Taylor and
Graney. Umpire — Johnston*.
riTTSBCRG. Sept.. 10.— Plttshurg took both
1 gained with ease. The second was called at the
end of the seventh inninz. 'Attendance. 0S>"0O.
Scores :
First gam< — ; - . v -': R. H. E.
Plttsburg 2 ¦ 5' 1
Chicago 1 4 -a|
Batteries — Robertalla and Phelps, Weimer i
and Kling. . . .;? . j
, Second game — R. H. ¦ E. i
Plttsburg 6 7 - Ol
Chicago 0 3 1
¦ Batteries— Case, Phelps and ¦ Archer: Lund
grcn'and O'Neill. Umpire— Zlmmer.
BOSTON, Sept. ' 10. — Boston and Brooklyn
broke even- to-day. Beth games were loosely
played. The second wan called at the end of
the fifth inning by agreement. Attendance,
2S00. Scores:
First game — ; ' R. H. E. j
Boston 1 6. 9- • 4
Brooklyn 5 7 3
' Batttrles — Pittinger and .Graham; Mitchell
and Bergen." ¦ .
Second game — - . R. H. E i
Brooklyn C 6 ' 3
Bcstoa ..;..".... 2 6 0
Batteries— Relsllng and Rltter. Fisher and
Needham. Umpire— Carpenter.
Second race, five furlongs, selling—
Bntidor won, Trapshooter second, Bee
Rosewater third. Time, 1:02%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs,
selling— Titus won, Dr. Sheman sec
ond, Dora I third. Time, l:08.&.
Fourth race, one mile, selling —
Ccrro Santa won, J. V. Kirby second,
Maxless third. Time. 1:41%.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles,
handicap — Blue Eyes won; --Gateway
second. Club Jhird. " Time; li54^J.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling—
Hipponax won, Rose of Hllo second,
Urbano third. Time. 1:14%.
Seventh race, five furlongs, handi
cap — Nonie won, St. Phllipplna sec
ond. Bummer third. Time, 1:01%.
Eighth race, one mile and fifty
yards, selling — Moor won, Canejo sec
ond, Charley Schwelzer third.' Time,
1:45J4.
First ra.ee. five furlongs, selling —
Vaughan won. Governor John second,
Toto Gratlot third. Time, 1:O3J$.
PORTLAND, Sept. 10. — The thirty
day meet of the Multnomah; Fair As
sociation closed to-day after a highly
successful season. True to its prom
ise, the association provided a season
of clean sport and received in conse
quence a heavy patronage. The bet
ting has been good, but the winnings
of several heavily played long shots
trimmed down the bookmakers' profits
to a minimum. The results to-day
were:
The Victories of Several nea\ily
Played Long Shots Cut Down » '
Bookmakers' Profits.
PORTLAND RACING SEASON
' IS BROUGHT TO A CLOSE
Cleveland Takes n Brace and Downs
tho White Sox Twice In a^
• . Double Header.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
ATITLETICS GAIN A GREAT
VICTORY OVER CHAMPIONS
Ryan and O'llrien to Fight.
ICEW YORK. SepL 10. — "Tommy"
Ryan, the 168-pound fighter, 'and
1 "Philadelphia Jack" O'Brien have
npreed to do battle within three
months for the largest purse obtain
able and the middle-weight cham
pionship. It is understood one East
ern Club has already offered a $10,
000 x^urpe for the bout.
I'nlon Clan nub's Final Shoot.
The last shoot of the season, under
the auspices of the Union Gun Club,
will be held to-day at the Inpleside
traps at bluerocks. The club will pro
ride lunch for the members and their
friends and a larcre attendance of gun.
men is expected. .
FOURTH RACE— Two and a quarter
miles; The Annual Champion; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horne. Weight. Jockey. St. "i Fin.
8 to 6— Stalwart. ,115 (Redfern) 4 2 114
12 to 1— M. Dngerfleld.r27 (Lyn) 3 4 2 n
0 to 10— Broomstick. 107 (Burns) 1 16 3 8
Time, :i:,il."ri. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. E. R. Thomas' ch. c. by Meddler-
Melba. Africander also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a "half furlongs;
srlllng; two-year-old? and up:
Bet ting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. fi Fin. .
Even— Teacreas 105 (Hldbnd) 3 2 1 1 1H
50 to 1— J'try C, 100 (D.O'Conr) 5 4 h 2 1
4 to 1— Niblick. 09 (Travers)... 4 6 1 3 1
Time. 1:00 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. S. Paget's ch. f. by Watercress -Tea
Tro Escutcheon. Bank, Vldalla, Applaud,
King Cole.- It. L. Johnston. Belligerent, Istria,
Charadclla, finished as named.
SIXTH RACK— One and an eighth miles;
handicap; four-year-olds and up:
Batting. Horse, Weight. Jockey.. St.', 1 %> rFi». ¦
ltt to B— Flexion. 107 (Redfern). S 6 2 1 2J4
B to 1— Ed Tierney.lOS (Hlldbd) 5 2 3 2 % '
7 to 2— Prince Chlng, 111 (Brns) 4 12 3 2 v
Time, 1:54. Start good. Won: driving. Win
ner. K. Morrell's b. c. by Longford -Klotette.'
Loader. Sheriff Bell, Sonoma Belle, finished aa
named. . ¦ ¦ '. '•
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; the Great
Eavtern handicap; for two-year-olds:
11 to 5— Tradition. 128 (Lyne) 3 41 12
25 to 1— Sandrla. 109 (Shaw) 2 1% 2h
1U to 5— Burnt Hllls,113 (HUdbnd) 12 2 8 2
Time, 1:11 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. 8. Paget's b. f. by Goldilnch-Reclare.
Dandelion, Councilman, Merry Lark. Jack
Lory, Chrynltls, Candida, Elld Man. Broad
cloth, Bustling:, Gamara, Fly Back and Maxi
milian finished as named.
Time. 2:03Vi. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. K. Hughes' ch. g. (4) by Mtrthful-
Clymena. Iras 106. Sanctlsslma 05. Jollier 00,
Miss Eon 100, finished as named.
SEVENTH RACE — Sir and a half furlongs;
three-year-olds and up: :
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. • St. « Fin.
13 to 1— Miss Manners. 105 (Aust) 8 2 2 1 nk
7tol— Crime. 105 (Blake) 9 8 1 2 nk
10 to 1— Pourquoi Pas, 104 (Ansn) 2 Tl SI
Time, .1:2244. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. C. Mllam & Co.'s ch. m. (4) by
Longfltght-Maud L. Lady Vashtl 104. B«npal
100, King Rose- 111. Scotch Dance 107, Thisbe
105. Pierce J 108. finished aa named.
SIXTH RACE — Mile and three sixteenths;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
. 4 to 6— Neversuch, 101 (Andrsn) 2 2 2 11%
6 to 1— Lubln, 08 (L. Williams) 6 3 % 2 h
11 to 2— Mainspring. OS (Rice) ... 1 62 3 10
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even —Loretta M. 107 (Andson) 2 1 1^1 3
3 to 2— Fruit, 07 (Rice) 3 2 1%2 nk
18 to 5— Layson. 07 (D.AusUn).. 1»3 3
Time, 1:14*4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. 3. C. Mllam & Co.'s blk. f. by Plrata
of Penrance-Fertlle. Three starters.
FOURTH RACE— Ono and an eighth xmles;
handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Bettlnr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
8 to 5— Taby Tosa ¦ 100 (Andsn) 3 2 8 11
13 to 10— Just So, 09 (D.Austin). 4 12 2 5
4 to 1— Jack Young.107 (Hwrd) 14 3 1
Time. 1:55 Vi. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. B. Burnet's gr. g. (5) by La Premier-
Grey Bess. Pathos, 80. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse; for
11 tofo^Handzarra.' 01 (Kuns).. 8 1 4 1 3H
8 to 1— Shotgun, 123 (Odom).. 2 2h 24
0 to 1— Flying Ship. 115 (Lyne) 1 3 3 3 3
Time. 1:13 1-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. B. Vanmeter'n ch. f. by Handael-
Klziirra. Reliable. MIm Jordan. Toi San and
ltubrnatrln finished as named.
THIRD RACE — One mile and*eventy yards;
three-year-olds: • . •'
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
13 to 2— Lemon Girl. 03 (Perrlne) 1 Sl^lm
6 to 1— Triple Sliver. 03 (Dickon) 8 1 1%2 1H
11 to 1— Athena, 102 (I* Williams) 2 6 3 3 1
Tlma, 1:47%. Start - good. Won driving.
Winner, M. Detherage's br. f. by Madstone-
Lodema. King's Charm. 101. John Doyle 101,
Lyrist 102. Jack Little 103, finished aa named.
Time, 1:10%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, H. S. Gtear & Co.'a b. g. by Mickey
D- Amelia. ' Preventatlve OS, Eduardo 106, An
nisquam 100, Joe Graham 05. Leila Hunter
05, Fred Prtesmeyer 100. My -Eleanor 101, De
Grammont 106, Courant 100, finished as named.
. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlon&a;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, WeUrht. Jockey.. St. %. Fin.
4 to 1— Jack Moran. 103 (Dugan) 1 2 3 11
10 to 1— Mellwood, 103 (D.AusUn) 2 1 Vt 2 %
8 to 1— Pique. 05 (I*. "Williams). 4 3 4 8 V»
(Paciflo Coast League.)
Vf.U. Pet. i W.L. Pot.
Taccm* 25 17 .603 Oakland 22 i» A~S
lx>« AJicelea..SS 14.&bl Portland ....20 Zl .455
Seattle 21 22 .48b Ban Fran 19,29.433
Mr. B. Jones, southpaw, took it upon
himself to make a little presentation
to the Seals yesterday at Recreation
Park. His wondrous generous streak
was developed in a single round, the
• fourth, when he made a donation of
the game. Had any one else been
twirling the elusive sphere Uncle
would just about have taken second
money for the fifth time straight.
Score — San Francisco 3. Oakland 2.
Mr. Barber was kept busy figuring
out how he was going to win. The
Commuters had him looking foggy in
the seventh spasm and all but broke
up the little engagement. Again in
the ninth it was gloomy for Barber,
but Devcreaux was good enough to
end the strife by fouling out to Irwln.
For three innings the game was one
of those that makes the fan happy.
Both pitchers were working like
slaves and their fielders wore eating
up everything that happened to skip
over the green diamond. The Seals
opened up the fourth with a rush
when Hildebrand hit to right and
Waldron stuck at first after Francks
juggled his drive.
Meany bunted both along and Jones
brought down the cheers of the fans
by fanning Irwin. The hardest part of
his task was thus accomplished, but
instead of pitching ball he walked
Leahy, Gochnauer and Anderson,
making a procession of two right over
the plate and practically fixing it for
keeps.
Van Buren'a double. Hlldebrand's
single and an out by Waldron put an
other to the good in the fifth. Oakland
did naught till the seventh, when
Dunleavy pushed one over the right
field fence and Kruger doubled to the
score board. Strelb advanced him on
an out and Stark brought him in
with one that raised over Van Buren's
head and soared out to the right gar
den.
The eighth passed without event.
Dunleavy started off in the ninth
again' with a hit bnck of second.
Kruger forced him and Strolb flew to
right. Then Kruger pilfered tho lone
base of the day. It was up to Deve.
reaux, but the best he had was a
high foul to Irwln.
Buchanan and Corbett will hook up
this mornin* on the Oakland dia
mond. Wheeler and Dr. Moskiman
have been appointed to throw the
slants against each other at Recrea
tion Park in the afternoon. The
score: •
San Francisco— I Oakland—
ah. n. h. r.A.| ar n. n. p.a.
VnBn.lb 4 1 1 11 0 Frnek*. « 4 0 1 0 0
HldM. If 4 1 3 4 1 Oanly. rf 4 0 0 0 0
IValdn.cf 4 10 1 0 Tnlvy. If 4 1 2 1 0
Monny.rf 3 0 0 3 0 Krur. cf 4 1 V-Jt 1
bwti&tb 4 0 11 2 StrelMb 4 0 0 14 0
And»n.=b 3 O 1 = B rvvr*.3b 4 O 11 2,
(loohnr » 3 O 1 2 3 Ptark. c 3 0 1 <> 1
£*Sy.O 3 0 0 3 OMcKn.Sb 3 0 13 2
ttarber.p 3O0O 3!Jone». p 3 0 0 0 «
Total».sTT 7 27 I*' Totals. 33 2 7 27 18
RUNS AND HITS DY INNINGS.
SanFranclsoo ....0 0 0 I 1 J 0 ft »-3
Hasp htti 0 1 0 1 2 2 1 0 O— 7
Oakland 0 0000 02 00—2
CbHl 0 110 0 13 0 1-7
SUMMARY.
Home run— Dunleavy. Stolen base — Kroner.
Error*— Franekg. Gochnauer. Kruner. Two
base hlta — Van Buren. Kruger. SacrlOce hit —
Mrany. First bane on error* — San Franclsri>
1. Oakland 1. FlrFt base on called balls — Off
Jone« 0. L«ft on ba»e»— San Francisco 6. Oak
land 4. Struck out— By Barber 8, by Jone» 4.
Double. I'laye — Francks to McKune to Strelb;
Irwln to Ander»on to Van Buren. Umpire-
McCarthy.
On the cricket srrpund at Webster
street Alameda. to-dajr teams repre
senting the Pacific and Alameda clubs
will meet in a match for the cham
pionship of 1904. The Pacific team
will be made up of John- Myers, cap
tain; A.'W. Wilding. E.H. Wilkes, H.
D. Bowly, W. Petherlck, F. Lewtn, D.
Jamieson, E. T. Langdale, Dr. O. N.
Taylor, E. H. M. Lannowe and H. C
Casldy.
The Alameda \ representatives will
be G. Harold Ward, captain; F. A.
Stahl, S. M. Foster. F. J. Croll, W. H.
McNaughton. G. I. Baugh. Georga
Croll. H. Boyd, J. H. Saunders. Fred
erick Swift, Price and V. Seebeck. W.
G.Fortman.who has played hitherto in
the Alameda eleven, has gone to the
State of Washington.
. ' A team of British sailors repre
senting the Seamen's Institute of San
Francisco, defeated the "Jamieson
Raiders" yesterday afternoon in a
"match on the ground at Clinton. Tho
institute, team went to the wickets
first and scored 137 runs, the Rev. S. H.
Wlngfleld-Digby contributing 60. Tho
"Jamieson Raiders" made a good
start with Wilkes, Lewln and Wilding,
the first two wickets scoring 61 runs.
Alter Wilding had been disposed of
the rest of the team, which was three
men short, offered little resistance,
the light being very poor toward tho
close of the game. The details are
given below:
SEAMEN'S INSTITUTE.
W. Podmore. b. Wilkes !*
M. Eubank, b. Irish • .{
W. J. McArt'-ur. >> Irtsh. •••••• if,^;"'" i
E. C. Colchester^ c. Thacker. T>. wilkes
Rev. D. J. Evans, c. and b. l«w!n.. -
Rev. S. H. Wlngfield-DlKby. not out «>
M. Thompson, b. Stewart. *¦*
W. W. McGowan. b. Wllkes <>
TV. "W. Wataon. b. "Wilkes 1-
Captain Au'.d. b. WUkes «»
W. Swan. b. WP.kes l»
Extras '•"•*
Total » 137
Runs 11 1 t»>e fall of each wicket— On» for
15. two for 20. three for 30. four for fi. flv*
for 50. »lx for ~S »ev*n for 7S, eight for lww
nine for 130. ten for 137.
"JAMIESON RAIDERS."
E. H. "Wilkes. c. and b. DUrby 27
F. Lewln. c. McArthur. b. Podmor* IS
A "W. Wlldln* c. McGowan. b. Podmorw.,32
VV. R. Stewart, c. McArthur, b. Dlxby.... O
C. W. Irish, b. Dlsby — . *
W. Ba!naves. run oat O
J. W. Bffwley. not out 8
T. Thacker. b. Digby O
Extras .............— 0
Total 00
Runs at the fall of each wtcket — On* for 26.
two for 61. thre« for ttl. four for 80, flv« for
SO, six for SO. «even for 00.
The locust has becomo a plague la
Spain and the minister of agriculture*
has been authorized to fight the pest.
One half the world knows how ths
other half lives, but It doesn't care.
STANDING OF TUB CLUDS
open stake— Gunfire beat Irma Hot
foot. 11-.9; Lady Menlo beat Medea 6-0;
Tom Honker beat Ready Address, 6-6;
liberator beat Sad Sam, 7-5; Fire Brick
beat Royal Henry. 5-1; Loretta beat
Oraijr Lad, 8-2; Real Duchess beat
Rhhochct. 4-0; Texas Blacklips' beat
]tc;ir Gaston. 17-3; Shadow beat Cly
dett«£ 6-0. Sampler beat Royal Queen,
22-0; Jerry Wright beat AHomax, 3-1;
llutt« City beat MIrs Lucille. 5-2;
Clarice, beat Pasha King, 3-1; Piccadil
ly beat Icellus". 18-6; Idleness beat The
Coroner. 22-3: Toung Johnny Rex beat
Proper. 24-7; Farmer Girl beat Black
Iiatt. 4-0; John C. Heenan beat Smller,
fi-0; oulda beat Mabel 8. 10-3; Medley
l»«at Roy Pare, 22-10; Sir Wlnton beat
ICuby Bankey. 3-0; Frank Dunn beat
K«1m« Alarm. 5-0; Jlpamaroo beat Roy
it! Spirit. 6-0; ReckleM Rose beat Mel
roae. 6-3; Jimmy Anthony beat Wild
Nora. :>-2; Teppcr Jack beat Ina Clssus.
3-1: Colored l^ady beat Young Kerry
rij>j))n. S-3; Rose Tree beat Jack Doe,
7-4; Haughty Helen beat Mountain
1'aRle. 8-4; Star Sylvanus beat Mon
!*!K 9-4; Frisky Boy beat Hera, 7-0;
Wedpewood beat Traverter. 11-6.
ClttKS Htake — Aeolus beat Mellinwood.
6-2; Miss Brummel beat Remisso Anl
xno, 4-0; Laughing Water beat Glaucus,
4-2; -IMfast beat May Tunison, 6-4;
Callant Glancer beat Comstock. 4-2;
Lucy Clair beat H!gh Born, 6-2; Sofala
beat Eagle Bird, 6-2; Sea Lion beat
Golden Garter, 12-3; Vandal beat Po
mona, 6-2; Royal Friend beat Fox
Hunter. 13-9; Mark Twain beat lone
Hill. S-L; Hone of Gold beat Golden
Fortune. 16-12; Haphazard beat Racing
Auto. 8-4; General Fremont beat Fairy
Belle. 15-6; Carlow Boy beat Galveston,
3-2; Oraina beat Real Pasha. 3-2; Run
away Actress beat Renegade Apache,
19-7; The Referee beat Commercial
Traveler. 4-2; Modesto Boy beat
Queen's Motto. 6-0; Vina a bye, Rocker
Arm withdrawn; Clover Blossom beat
l>on IVdro. 4-0; Conroy beat Chill
Mara. 34-11; Honest John beat Balen
dlno. 7-4; Bright Fortune beat Silver
rioud. 4-2.
Mies Brummel. Haphazard and The
Rcforee are expected to run Into the
money in the class stake.
The dav's rciulta. with Judge John
Clrncc'n offlclal scores, follow:
In the champion stake, to be run In
Hx entirety to-day, the Nethercott ken
n< !s of Kaoram^nto will be represented
by Champion Pocatclll and by Barge.
It is fixi>c-cted that they will be favor
ites for the stake, although there are
some taxi ones entered.
The i-pectatoni at InRlesIde Coursing
Park yesterday saw the longest course
but one Binco the park wa» opened. The
competing greyhounds were General
Fremont and Fairy Belle. They ran
for four minutes and fifty-two seconds.
Thn-r dogs were sent to the relief of
lnc coursers before the exciting trial
wan ended.
"The National Trotting Association
shall not collect suspensions for mem
bers that default In the payment of
purses or stakes and the president,
secretary and other officers of such
member, upon conviction thereof by
the board of review, shall be fined
suspended or excelled, and the presi
dent of the National Trotting Associa
tion Is authorized to act pending the
action of the board of review."
Now that the California harness cir
cuit is over the trotters and pacers are
moving north, where the Oregon State
Fair will open harness racing on the
North Pacific circuit next Monday.
Trainers W. G. Durfee, Fred Ward, I.
C. Mosher and F. E. "Wright shipped
their strings to Salem at the close of
the Sacramento meeting. There are
several big stakes to be decided on the
northern tracks, three of a value of
$2000 each and quite a number that are
worth $1000. Ths California horses
should bring home a goodly portion of
the money. * ~ ¦.'<;', "V ; .
It seems that when the Judges at
Readvllle took th© Los Angeles driver,
Robert > Smith, from behind Sweet
Marie and substituted Alta McDonald
they did not do so because they thought
Smith was not trying, but because they
thought McDonald was a much better
driver, which Is true, as the latter is a
professional of the first rank, while
Smith Is an amateur, although a clever
one. The Readvllle judges announced
that they could not find a particle of
evidence which Indicated 'that Smith
had lost two heats for fraudulent pur
poses. The conversation which took
place in the stand when they called the
Los Angeles man up was as follows:
"Mr. Smith, the public seems dissat
isfied wkh your handling of Sweet
Marie in the two heats just trotted. As
we have viewed the race we believe you
are entirely honest and are trying to
win. Now if you are, would you have
any objections to Alta McDonald driv
ing your mare?" .,
"Judges," replied Smith, "I am try
ing to win and want to badly, but if
you believe Mr. McDonald can drive
Sweet Marie better than I can, why I
invite you to substitute him. The only
think I ask is that he try hard and
use his best judgment so he can get
her home first. I assure you, It Is my
ambition to win."
That was the conversation at Read
ville, but at Providence the following
week, after Sweet Marie lost two heats
in her race, the Judges there took
Smith out and put McDonald up and
he won the race with her. It is said
that the conversation at Providence
was aa Chesterfleldian as at Readvllle,
but the Providence judges set Smith
down for the rest of the year and
awarded McDonald $1000 out of the
mare's, winnings.
All this recalls the case of W. G.
Durfee and Sweet Marie at Salem, Or.,
last year. In the $2000 -stake at
Salem Sweet Marie won a heat in
2:1314 and was then beaten a head In
2:12% by Dr. Hammond. Durfee was
ordered to hand over the mare to an
other driver, which" he refused to do.
He was ordered from the track and
expelled, together with the mare.
This meant ruling off for life and Dur
fee appealed to the Pacific district
board of the National Trotting Asso
ciation, the members sitting in Judg
ment on the case being A. B. Spreckels,
Colonel J. C. Kirkpatrick and Captain
N. T. Smith. On the evidence sub
mitted Durfee was reinstated.
The presiding judge at Salem testi
fied that the Judges dM not believe that
Durfee pulled the mare, and took no
notice of such a thing until the secre
tary of the association came- into the
stand and demanded that another
driver be substituted. Hughes, the
driver of the winner of the heat, testi
fied that Sweet Marie was not steady
the first part of the mile and that his
horse outtrotted her. The evidence all
went to show that the judges had not
punished Durfee for anything they saw,
but on what they had been told, and it
was considered that the punishment did
not fit the crime. On the evidence sub
mitted they could not refuse to reinstate
Mr. Durfee. I£ seemed strange that a
driver should pull a horse In a race for
the largest /purse of the year where It
was proven that he was not betting
against her.
J. R. Albertson, who developed and
helped sell for $15,000 the California
horse George G, 2:07%, has returned
from his Eastern trip. He says the
three-heat system, every heat a race,
will in all probability be the racing
plan adopted by all the associations on
the Grand Circuit In 1905. It has been
given several trials this year and seem3
to be perfectly satisfactory to owners,
trainers and the public. By this plan
the purse Is divided Into* three equal
parts, and there are three moneys in
each heat. A larger proportion is given
the heat winner than by the old plan,
but more horses win money.
It" is the best solution of the "lay
ing up" evil that has yet been de
vised. Many horsemen hope to see
the plan adopted by the Breeders' As
sociation on this coast next season.
Many of the owners whose horses
won at the State Fair this year have
not yet received the money due them.
Unless it is Daid within the required
thirty days some of the unpaid own
ers are threatening to have the State
association suspended by the National
Trotting Association under the rules.
They . say the association has been
prompt in suspending them for un
paid entrance. money in the past, and
they believe that sauce for the goose
should be sauce for the gander. Sec
tion 7, rule 51 of the rules and regula
tions of the National Trotting Asso
ciation reads as follows:
Much Is Fspected of the Up-
Country Greyhound and
of His Kennel Mate Barge
Dunleavy Leads Off in the
Seventh With Homer and
Score Is Nearly Tied Up
McDonald Is "Substituted as
Sweet; : Marie's Driver Be
cause of His Experience
Best Score for .Winners Is
Made hy Chaplain Digby,
\Vho Kuns Up GO. Not Out
SAILOES HIT FEEELY
GOOD PURSES •* OFFERED
General Fremont Defeats
Fair.v IJellc in a Trial
Lasting Five Minutes
POCATELLI IS FAYOBITE
OAKLASDS FINISH FAST
8HEEPSHEAD BAY, Sept. 10.—Ow
ing to a programme which Included
three stakes there was a large and an
enthusiastic crowd to-day at the Coney
Island Jockey Club course. Three such
stakes as the $25,000 Annual Champion,
the $7500 Great Eastern handicap and
the $3650 Westbury Steeplechase were
certain to prove of more than average
Interest While only four ran In the
Annual Champion, they were all good
homes, at least three being stayers,
while as to the other, Broomstick, it
was thought he could stay, though the
race proved to the contrary. -Under the
conditions Broomstick had', up 107
pounds, while Stalwart was carrying
115 pounds, Major Daingerfleld, which
won it in ,1902, 127 pounds and Afri
cander the same weight. Broomstick
was an even money favorite. Stalwart
won easily by four lengths from Daln
gerfield, although pulled up by Jockey
Redfern. Broomstick ran third, while
Africander was eight lengths away.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— About two and a half miles;
the Westbury handicap; for 4-year-old» and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. 9i Fin.
4 to 5— G'd and Plenty,169 (Ray) 5 11 14
20 to 1— Tho Ragged Cavalier.
147 (Flnnegan) 2 8 8 3 10
6 to 1— Daffo Down Dilly. 137
(Roberts) 1 2 SO 3 5
Timn, 6:00. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'s b. g. by ROsstngton-
Zulziher. Bonfire and Lavater finished as
named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
miles; selling; three-year-olds and up: •
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
S to 1— Dungannon. 06 (McB^lde) 2 8 h 1 nk
5 to 1— Pr. Stephens. 101 (Aubu) 1 2 H'2 H
0 to R— Telephone,, 04 (Greenfield) 4 13 3 1
Time. 1:4" 2-5. Start good. • Won driving.
Winner. C. II. Knebelkamp's b. f. (3) by
Dungarven-Dlstress. "Benson C&ldwell 10.1,
Sarilla 08. Blue' Mint 98. Juvenalls 102, fin
ished as named. ... .
SIXTH RACI5— Five, furlonrs; selling; two
year-olds : . 1
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
¦4 to 1— Sllverskln. 10ft (Nicol).. 1 12 1 nk
12 to fi — Janeta, 107 (Henry).... 5 5h-2h
10 to 1— Ravlana, 100 (Robblns). 3 2 1 Sh
Time. 1 :00 3-5. Start good.- Won driving.
Winner. W. T. Brinkworth's gr. c by Faraday-
Katy Did. Lieutenant Rice 104, Glrdlestone
107, Lawler 10S, North Enid 05, Raining Leaves
100/ Green Ro«w P6, Madge 'Wylde 00. Gallant
Cassle 103, finished as named.
* FIFTH RACE i farlongs: ¦ purse; *,all
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to B— Big Ben. 113 (Prior)..;. ? .2 3" 1 nk
OtoNV-Don Doroo. 05 (Nicol)...: 1; 1 12 2 V,
9 to 1— Nan: Ho«ge4)5 (Lannom) 8 -.8 4, 3 10
Tlmn. 1:12 4-5. Start good. . Won driving.
Winner. C. Ev Durnell's br. • g. (4) by Ben
Strome-MInt -Julep. Federal 106. Stroller 106,
Foxy Grandma 77, finished a» /named. ..• -
Time. 1:00. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. F. Cook's ch. c by The Commoner-Marlon
G. La I»nde 87. Florentine 105.. Doo Wallace
100. finished as pamed.
THIRD RACE— One and three-eighths miles j
three-year-olds and up; Tecumseh handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Fonsoluca. 102<McIntyre) 4 11 1 h
7 to 1— Bragg. 107 (Mountain).. 3 2 2 2 2
0 to 2 — Brancas, 09 (Feleht).... 2 6 2 8 1
• Time, 2:19 2-5. Start pood. Won driving.
Winner. J. W. Pugh's ch. p. by Fonso-Lucasta,
The Lady 104. Port Royal 112, Copper 88. Ma
jor Manslr 110, Nitrate 102. finished as named.
FOURTH ' RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds; felting: -• ¦ ¦ - •
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
l.Ttofi— Mad Mullah. 04 (Nicol).. 14116
2 to 1— Robin Hood, 103 (Aubch) 0 B 2 2 n -,
21 to 5— Silent Water, 89 (Gfleld) 4 -. 3 h 3 4-
Time, 1112 3-5. .Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. J. A. Wernberg's b. g. by Donovan-
Labelle III. , Sweetie J04, AUista 101, Jehane
09, finished as named. - Comrade 03 left.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds; purse: - .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Kurtzmann. 110 (Nicol). 4 8 h 1 2
8 to 5— Belle Kinney. 104 (Henry) 2 1 1 2 h
10 to 1— The Mist, 107 (Troxler). 1 22 3h
CHICAGO, Sept. 10.— Fonsoluca, owned
by J. W. Pugh, Chief of Police of Cov
lngton, Ky., won the Tecumseh handi
cap, the feature of the # closing day of
the second summer meeting. Incident
ally the son of Fonso-Lucasta broke
the track record of 2:19%. his time be
ing 2:19 2-5. It was a smashing race,
although the early; pace was slow.
Fonsoluca assumed the lead In the first
eighth', and-hugging the rail through
out never gave way .to anything else.
It was strictly a two-horse race. Bragg
laid within a length of Fonsoluca^ for a
mile. • When straightened out for the
wire Bragg moved up alongside the po
liceman's horse, and the two were un
der a vicious drive all through the final
sixteenth. Mclntyre outrode Mountain
when 'the final test came and landed
Fonsoluca first by a head. '
After the finish of the fifth race,
which Big Ben won by a 'short nose
from Don Domo, one would have
thought the Futurity had been run, so
loud and bo long was. the cheering. The
supporters of each horse thought they
had won their bets.-hence the cheering.
Big Ben's stretch run was sensational,
as was that of Nannie Hodge. Both
horses made up ten lengths on Don
Domo from the head of the Btretch to
the wire, Nannie Hodge being beaten
only half a. length for second money.
Nicol rode four winners and one second.
Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
Belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
18 to 5— Determination, 04 (Nicol) 6 6 h 1 h
11 to 5— Durbar, 83 (Aubuchon).. 1 25 2 1
15 to 1— Ghats. 89 (Seamster) . . . . 7 7 3 1
Time, 1:13 3-5.. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, F. Cook's br. f. by Rough and Ready-
Fatality. Foxmead 94. Singing Master OS. Fly
L*dy 92. Fortuny 09, finished aa named.
Juaque La 86 left.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. XOUJS, Sept. 10.— Taby Tosa came
back to life at Delmar track to-day,
and romping over the best handicap
horses here won the feature race of the
day and many, thousands of dollars In
bets for his owner, S. B. Burnett. A big
crowd witnessed the running of to-day's
events and profited, as favorites and
outsiders broke about even. Loretta M
Is back In form, and from the manner
in which she won from the good filly
Fruit In the two-year-old race demon
strated she is the best filly west of the
Mississippi. Summary: ¦
! FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; maiden three
year-old?:
Bettlnjr. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. % Pin.
1 to 2— Felix Moziea. 107 (Austn) 5 12 Ui
16 to 1— Tom Rowe, 104 (Rice)... 3 2h 21i ;
80 to 1— Fannette, 104 (Blake) 8 3 4 8 1
- Time, 1:16K* Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. P. Banahan & Co.'s b. c. (3) by St.
Fellx-Annona. Yellow Hammer 107, Musco
volr 104. Maid of the Order 104. Flori 104. Co
dex 104, Bel Coeur 107, Lookaway 104, Path
master 107. finished aa named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
State Fair - Meetings in Ore
gon Attract' Trainers of
Fast Trotters and Pacers
Develops a Generous Streak
in the Fourth and Forces
Two Runs Over the Plate
High Class Card Attracts
Large Crowd to Coney
Island Course.
Fonsoluca Captures the Te
cumseh Handicap in Rec
ord Time at Harlem.
Taby Tosa Romps Over His
Field in the Delmar
Feature.
Seamen's' Institute Eleven
Wins a Match From Mixed
Team of Cricket Players
SEVERE COURSE
TRIES HOUNDS
JONES TOSSES
THE GAME AWAY
HORSEMEN WILL
INVADE NORTH
BRITISH TARS
BEAT "RAIDERS"
STALWART, WITH THOMAS' COLORS UP,
WINS THE $25,000 CHAMPION STAKES
GARDEN CITY CYCLERS LOWER TRIUMPHANT COLORS OF RENO WHEELMEN
THE SAN v FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
Sunbeams of wit quickly melt the Ice
of sarcasm. . .
' A garden; party for the benefit of
S.L" .ChaVl.es .booth of St. Charles parish
fair will . be i given at" the church hall.
Eighteenth and Howard streets, next
Friday afternoon and . evening.
Church Fair .Benefit.
There was a brawl in the saloon at
646 Sacramento street last night and
one- of the 'particibants, Herman
Frake, a blacksmith residing at 507
Mission street, • .was v cut on the head
and face by some sharp
Detective Coleman,, .arrested Murace
Gontrou on suspicion of -being Frake's
assailant. •" • -. ..:
Cut During' a Brawl.
38
ADVERTISE3tENTS.
Wheeling, W. Va., May 28, 1903.
Some years ago while at work, I fell
over a truck and severely injured both
of r.iy shins. Mv blood became poisoned
as a result, and the doctor told me I
wual.l have running sores for life, and
that ii thry were healed up the result
would be f at&L Under this discouraging
report I left off their treatment and re-
sorted to the use of S. S. S. Its effects
were prompt and gratifying. It took
only a abort while for the medicine to en-
tirely cure up the sores, and I am cot
dead as the doctors intimated, nor have
the cores ever broke out again. Some 1a
years have elapsed since what I have de-
scribed occurred. Having been so signally
beneCtted by its use I can heartily recom-
mend it as the one great blood purifier.
John W. Fundis.
Care Sclismlback Brewing Co.
Chronic sores start often from a pitn-
plc, scratch, bruise or boil, and while
salves, washes and powders are beneficial,
the unhealthy matter in the blood must
be driven out or the sore will continue
to cat and spread. S» S. S. reaches
these o!»l sores through the blood, re-
moves all impurities and poisons, builds
up the entire system and strengthens
the circulation. . S. S. S. is a blood
purifier and tonic combined. Contains
no mineral what-
J$5« iSS3 ff^ ever but is guaran-
v3l \i*V wBk. *Wc« W you have
vik >J& 'S^ aa °^ KOrc vrr * te
vz'%. Tltfk *» us an(^ ° ur P^. vs '"
wk «& m dans will advise
V H k Ml I without charge.
bv/9 htJtj a^B Doot on discases
l@y t^pr %ffir of the Blood free.
Tbe S win Specific Company, Atlanta, Ca.
ll — 1 11 in in mi wf 1 1 • *^_jAfjp* r nirrTr-itm-iT iinr- • -
Afr V EKTIS"F^n i !NT3.
Quickly Cured 1
MT PROMPT AJTD THOROXJOH l|
cures crove th« correctness JJ
of my method*. They prove that H
my treatment Is absolutely sclea- ?\
tlflc. The fact that like result* f j
are obtained by no other physician tl
1 establishes my claim to originality M
and dlstlnctlveness. For seventeea $>j
y«ars I have been earning- my tua- (l
cess and my reputation a* a »>»- 11
ciallst tn Men's Diseases. ?J
MY TREATMENT MAY BE IMU ||
TATED. BUT NOT EQUALED. »}
DR. O. C. JOSLEN, [|
The Leading; Spedailst. j
lam alzvays willing to wait »!
for my fees until a cure n
is effected. A
"Weakness" i|
If other physicians have treated J
you for so-called "weakness- you "I
were helped only temporarily. \* at ?J
all. and the reason U very ap- *]
parent when the causa ol loss of t\
po-^er In man is understood. 0
'Weakness" isn't a weakness at Si
all. but Is merely a symptom of if
chronic inflammation In the pros- M
Ute Ktand. My aystem of local *A
treatment removes this laSamroa- 'A
tlon. and ts the enly treatment Tj
that «ver has or ever can perma- tl
nently restore strength and vl»or. tj
CONTRACTED DISORDERS— Be U
sure your cure la taorousn. Not H
one of my patient* has ever had fl
a relapse after betn* dismissed as 3
cured, and I cur« la less time than >1
the ordinary forms of treatment ~''\
required. M
1 SPECIFIC BLOOD POISON— '"]
No danrerous minerals to drtr» '
the virus to the Interior, but 1
harmless, blood-cteansins remedies |
tnat remove the last poisonous
taint. . , ._ . (
My Pampofet. "Lire All Your
Years a Man." freo at eJJJcs or
by mat/. You are at Ubsrty to . I
m consult me personally or to write \
H regarding your case. C
B DR. O/CTJOSLEIM
|j Cer. Hiiist ni barsf Sht" .
B Private Entraace 7C2 Uarktt «.
'fy -- IJI V,, uu , « r ming»«^fl/Continued From Page 37, Column 6.
GREAT WARSHIP LEAVES THE WAYS
Sun, Moon' and lide.. - '
U&lled States Coast and - Geodetic- Survey—
Branch Hydrographlc • Office, TJ. 8. N. Mer
chantt 1 Exchange, San Francisco/ Cal.,'
Beptember 10, 1904. . . ,
The Time. Balloon the tower, of the i Ferry
building was dropped exactly. at noon to-day-
i. «. at noon of . the 120th meridian or at
S p.m. Greenwich time. . J. C. BURNETT.. . .
• Lieutenant. U. 8. N., in cnarg*. ! -
Time Ball.
Steamer. ' Destination. - I Satis.'
Tacoroa Nome* N. E. Siberia. [Sept. 12
Ci:y Reattk.. Skagway Sc W.iv Purrs. |S«-pC 12
Farallen..... Skagway ft Way Ports. Sept. la
CltyTopeka.. Skagway * Way Ports. Sept. U
Humboldt.... Skagway &,Way Ports. Sept -15
JefTerson..... Skagway & AVay Ports. Sept.' 15
Santa Ana... Seldovla & Way Ports. Sept. in
Olympla. .... Nome & N. E. Siberia. R«pt n o
Dlrigo.. fikagway & "Way Ports. ISept". 21
Caronno... -.. Nome ....' ; ; ,s«;pt. *24
FROM SEATTLE.
Humboldt Beacon Destroyed.
The Humboldt Beacon Light No. 1,
a two-pile structure, marking the
shoal making out from the shipyard
wharf on the west side of the chan
nel in Humboldt Bay, was destroyed
September 6. . The beacon will be re
established soon as possible.'
Notice to Mariners.
HUMBOLDT BAY— CALIFORNIA.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
T*e British steamer Housatonle was cleared
yesterday for Shanghai with , 1.300.000 gallons
of refined petroleum, valujd at $51,600.
The United States naval squadron
In the harbor, which was to sail to
morrow, will hot leave port' till Tues
day' morning. The battleship New
York, bound for' the. Atlantic,, which
will lead the fleet to sea, will coal
Monday.
Fleet Will Sail Tuesday.
A Royal Suede.
Oscar Bumgren, who boasts of the
royal name and royal blood of the
Kingly Oscar of Norway and Sweden,
yesterday met an intense republican In
the person of Officer James McGrath
of the harbor police. • Mack can't abide
% Kins in any shape, but he rather
A squad of plumed and belted
Knights was passing the saloon door
and the kingly show stirred Oscar's
enthusiasm. Rushing to the street
with a schooner of beer to speed the
parting guest, he ran afoul of Officer
McGrath. Oscar's royal blood was up
and he breathed butchery to the whole
city police force, but when McGrath
left him at the Harbor police station
he was stretched on a bench in the
cell, trying to imitate the melody of
the fog horns Forecaster McAdie loves
bo well. No plebeian prisoner was in
the station all day and Oscar was
alone in the glory of bis origin.
likes the plain republican monarchs of
Sweden and would have permitted
Bumgren to enjoy his regal preroga
tives if Oscar hadn't become too
demonstrative, for even the water
fr'onL
Steamer." - Destination. Sails. Pier.
September 11. ¦ ¦ v ••
AureUa Attoria &. Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Centralia... | Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
b. Rosa.....!' San Diego & Way. 3 am Pier 11
September 13. I ..
Ellrsbeth.. Coqullle River .... 6 pm Pier 20
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 0 am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
M. Dollar.. Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
fcan Pedrc. . Los Angelea Ports.] S pinjPler 2
Coronadc... Grays Harbor I i pmjPier 10
September 13. | |
North Folk. Humboldt I & pmlPier 20
Pomona Humboldt ll:30plPler 8
Chlco Coqullle River 1 6 pm|Pler 2
September 14.
Maripo«a...l Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Arctic Humboldt & am Pier 't
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 amlPter 24
Rainier Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pmlPier 10
September IS. ] ¦
Breakwater C003 Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
S.Monica.. Lo? Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Eureka..... Humboldt •> am Pier 13
U. Lindauer Grays Harbor & pm Pier 27
Oregonlan . . New York Pier 23
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion ti pm Pier 2
State of Cal San > Diego A Way. 0 am Pier 11
. . September 18. ¦
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 20
Newburff... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt .:... 1 :30 p Pier y
Rtqucia.... VVillapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Hathor..... Hamburg &. Way.. 12 m'Pler 18
Coo.* Bay.. San Pedro & Way. U amJPier 11
September 17. ¦ I
Argo Eel River Ports... ...... )Pler —
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena' 4 pm I Pier 2
Umatllla... Puset Sound Ports. 11 amlPler »
Darrucouta. N. Y. via Ancon..., 12 . m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 6 pm Pier 16
September 19. ' : ...
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanie. Seattle & Tacoma. 0 pm Pier 20
¦ ¦ September 20. j ¦ -
Korea .China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
TO SAIL.
J. IT. Crllly. living at 321 Bryant
etreei, was in a water front saloon
rhowing how easy it was to knock out
aiiy professional pugilist if the other
nun knew just one little secret. Then
h*- went up to a punching bag that
v.as out of commission and hanging
on the wall and r>roceeded to let the
friends h*» had been liberally treating
into his little secret. He sailed into
the bag with an awful swing of the
right, and, his bare fist glancing on
tlu* leather ball, he almost drove him
self through the brick wall. At the
Harbor Hospital he was treated for a
badiy wrecked hand and wrist and
fractures of the metacarpal bones.
The secret Is still unrevealed.
Crllly's IJttle Secret.
MrF. McCleMan, living at 2400 Du
rai;t Btreet; Berkeley, sustained a. se
rious injury on the ferry-boat San
• JoFe yesterday morning. The steam
er came into her slip on th!s Bide of
the bay with a bump that hurled the
passengers who were on their feet in
every direction. Mrs. McCSellan was
thrown violently to the deck and her
right hip bone in all probability frac
tured. After a hurried examination
at the Harbor Uos:>ital she was re
moved to her home.
There were twenty-five white and
eleven Chinese passengers in the steer
ege.
I'racture of Hip Bone.
G. \V. Brown and wife. J. \Y. Vides
Jr.; II. II. Hanson, wife and child;
lire. E. B. Kamp, B. W. Wellin. J. J.
Mclllwain. M. Cullen. H. Smith, Mrs.
S. de Mejia, C. Koppcl. J. Xagse and
wife. E. Berk*r. C. Zegelin, Mrs. M.
L~ lauding ton, F. Herrera, Miss De
Herrera, Miss Y. de Vallejo, Miss
Magana. Miss G. Gamero. II. A. Leale,
W. S. Beard, W. C. Pcrshbaker, J. P.
Marcwan, J. B. Keef, Samuel Tyark.
Th* Pacilic Mail steamship Acapul
co got away at noon "yesterday for
Mexican ports and Panama with
freight and the following cabin pas
sengers:
Saillns of the Acapulco.
ARRIVED... : .-..•...
Saturday, September 10.
Stmr Shasta, 'Hanuen; 34 houra from San
Pasadena, Hendrickson/ 36 hours from
Santa Cruz Inland. _ *¦' -•**'¦
Stmr F A KUburn. Thompson. 7 hours from
FO s r tm?°Homcr Donaldson. 45 hours from Coos
Bay via Port Orford 40 houre. v _
•Stmr Samoa, Paulsen. 27 hours from En
reka. bound south; put in to land passengers.
• StmrjNatlonal City. Haramar. 24 hours from
F< SUn*R^al Foseri. 16 hours ttom Westport.
Stmr Asuncion, Brldgett. 77 hours from
Se Br U stmr Wyefleld. Watson, 84 hours from
Hathor.Kopp. 3 days from Seattle;
nut . In to finish loading. .
Ship Isaac Reed. Lorens. 26 days from Nu-
Sl 'Ihlp C 'star of France, Borgman. 22 days from
N Shlp g PaVamlta. Mollcr 16 days fm Naknek.
Ship M P Grace, Jobson. 16 days from
Anderson. 28 days from Nu-
Slntram, Johnson. 21 days from Nu-
Eh Bark' Electra. Peterson. 23 days from Nu-
Sh f£ a bark Weathersflcld. Cooper. 61 days from
o*Shanter. Slmmle, D dayi from
C< Bktn S city of Papeete, Ipecn, 21 days from
• Fremont-. Kelton. 22 days from Berlns
SC Bktn Kllkltat. Cutler, 0 days from Port
Ga 8 l chr C 0k'an0Kan. Reid, 9 days from Port
'schr^Defendcr. Hellingsen. 2i«i days from
"skhr'm^C Wright. -Nielsen, 34 days from
Rchr °Juseph Russ. Peterson. 28 days " from
Schr K Vi'ne. Anderson.' 67 days fromFonapo
Schr Prosper. Bandemann, 26 days from
K Sch l r Un {ftanley. Wallsted, *24 days fmj Berinj
'earxe Tidal Wave. Johnson. 24! hours from
Fort Bragg, in tow of. stmr National City.
.... . CLEARED. . • . ••: . .
. ' , • ¦ Saturday. * September 10.
• Stmr Acapulco ' Morton; ¦> Ancon via Central
American and Mexican ports; P. M S 8Xa. |
Stmr Santa Rosa. -Alexander. .San Diego;
Pac Coast S.S Co.
.Stmr Corona,, Glelow. Eureka; Pac Coast 3
. Br^stmr Housatdnlc.'Henrj ; , Shanghai;. Pac
Coast Oil Co. ' ' i < ¦ .'
• Nor itmr Tltanla. Foyn, Lady.smlth;. West
ern Fuel Co. — tI^ D -; ¦; . ;. •• --¦;,'',
' •¦ Saturday, September 10.
-Stmr Acapulco.' Morton. Ancon. etc.
Stror Samoa." Paulsen. •San Pedro.- •
Stmr James S-Hlggins. Higgins. Fort Bragg.
V gtmr Point Arena. . Miller. Mendoclno. .
Stmr Shasta.- Hansen. Belllngham.
Utmr Alcatraz. -.Andresen. -Greenwood. - ,
¦ Nor »tmr Tltanla, Foyn. i Ladyamlth, B C. i J
8hlD Spartan. Holmstron. Port Townsend.
¦ Ger ship Naiad. Davles.> Liverpool. ¦ . i
- TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT .IXJBOS-^-Sept 10. - 10 . p m— "Weather
thick* wind W; velocity 8 miles per hour.—
. -SPOKEN.
Bept 9 6:30 t« m— Opposite Point Arena har
bor «tmr ¦• Francis H >L«ggett, from - Portland
•galled Sept »— Sttnr Cottage City, ' for 8ka«-
SHIPPING ( l^TE^IilGENCE.
for San Francisco, with log raft, in tow;
wished to be reported.
. - DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 1C— Stmr Queen,
hence Sept 7.
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr UmatHIa, . for San
Francisco. • - ' * „ _.
PORT HA RFORD— Salted Sept lO^Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Pedro. •
Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Santa Crua. hence
"Sept 8. - • ,
Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Santa Cruz, for han
Francisco. •'• ¦ ¦
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Sept 10— Schr
John ii North, from Kilauea. •
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr South
Ba}'. hence Sept 0; stmr San Gabriel, from
Umpqua River for San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 10 — Stmrs Arctic and Pomona,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Sept 10— Schr
Soquel. hence Auk 20. • ?
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 10— Bark Harry
Morse from Bristol 'Bay.
Sailed Sept 10-rStmr Bee, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Sept 10— Ship C F Sargent, from
Nushagak • .'•¦.¦ / .
KVICHAK— Sailed Aug 19— Ship Oriental,
for San Franetuco.
TATOOSH— Passed Sept 10— Nor stmr Tel
lus. from Ladysmlth for San FTancisco.
BANDON— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr Chlco, for
San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 10— Schr Ex
celsior, hence Aug 23.
Sailed Sept 10 — Stmra Sequoia and Prentlas.
for Pan Francisco.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Sept 10— Schr Vega,
for San- Franolsco. •¦
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed S*pt 10— Br stmr
Thornhlll. for Valparaiso; Br stmr Copac. for
Valparaiso. - - ; ->_--..
Arrived Sept 0— Ship S P Hitchcock, from
Philadelphia. / -
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Ne
vadan.-from Tacoma; U- S stmr Thomas, .he
Sept 1 for Manila. '
MANILA— Sailed Sept 10— Schr. Polaris, for
Port Townsend.
KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 10— Bktn Fullcrton,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Aug 12— Ger
bark Pallas, from Hamburg. ! •
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Aug 26— Ger stmr
Serapis. for Hamburg.
FLUSHING — Passed Sept 8— Ger «hlp' Pro
fessor Koch, from Antwerp for San Francisco,
j HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Sept 10 — Ger
etmr ' Aragonla. from" Oregon. '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Sept 10—
Stmr Tremont, from Seattle.
BRISBANE— Arrived Sept 10— Br stmr Mlo
¦wera. from Vancouver.
GUAYMAS— Arrived Sept 8— Schr C " A
Thayrr, from Grays Harbor.
¦ SHANGHAI— Arrived Sept 9— Br fltmr M S
Dollar, from Puget Sound.
Sailed Sept 0 — Schr David Evans, for Hako
date.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Sept 9— Nor stmr Tcl
lus, 1 - for San Francisco. • -
. ¦ OCEAN. STEAMERS. '
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 10-^Stmr St
Paul, from New York.
QUEEN'STOWN- Arrived Sept 10— Stmr Urn
bria, from ; New . York. •
; < 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 10.— 5 p. m.
Th» following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston oS-52|New York 6S-M
rincinna.il W>-5«si Philadelphia. 7&-7O
• •hirago *>©-•« iPltt»bur« 76-60
I Jacksonville %4-tfS'St. Louis S4-H<;
! New Orleans flO-74 Washington S0-«2
j SAN FRANCISCO 6S-60
| THK COAST RECORD.
I L? h?h 2 J»2 -2 5
1 S. 3S s= ~; v£ I
I fcTATIONS, jf S| 53 as ? ~ £
I • c c • - o
I ¦ - • i ' • • '__
| Haker HO. 10 70 40 N Clear .00
j '"arson 28.83 M' 4S N <1<?ar .00
• Kureka 29.06 58 4S NW Clear .CO
| Fresno 29.76 102 6S NW Clear .00
t S.E. Faral Ion. 29.91 61 fir. NW Cloudy .00
i FlaRytarf 2».n2 74 42 NW Cloudy .32
j Independence .29. R0 8? 64 HE Clear .00
Lns Anj?elcs..a».SG 86 6*5 KW Clear .00
Mt Tama!p*iB.29.SS 79 72 NW Clear .©•>
North Iiead..'X(.IO «O 5O N Clear .00
Poeatello 2».94 72 Rti SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29. 7S J>4 70 SW Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt.. 29.87 7'i 52 NW Foggy .CO
Portland ."0.00 »0 52 N W Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.78 00 70 HE Clear .00
Roseburg 2».04 75 46 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..JO.80 SS 64 S Clear . .Cft
Salt I^ke 29.90 7<i 66 NW Clear .00
San Franciseo.:».0o 68 60 W Clear .CO
fan L. Obispo.29.8S 80 .. NW Clear .CX}
Kan Dltgo 29.56 80 68 W Clear .CO
Seattle 30.16 CS 64 NW Clear .00
Spokane :J0.14 72 40 SW Clear .CO
Tatoosh .';O.18 5S 4+ N Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 30.10 74 4« SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.94 82 48 SW Clear .CO
Yuma 29.78 fi« 74 W Clear .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The temperature has fallen 16 degrees at
San Francisco and from 6 to - 12 degrees In
the Sacramento Valley. In the San Joaquln
there has been a slight rise.
Another thunderstorm has been reported at
Flagstaff, with a rainfall of .32 of an Inch.
No rain has fallen In Washington, Oregon
and California.
Fug prevails at Point Reyes and S. E. Fa
rallon.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 11:
Northern California — Fair Sunday: cooler In
the San Joaquin and Sacramento valleys; light
north wind in the former, light south wind In
the latter, and brisk westerly wind on the'
coast, with fop.
Southern » California — Fair Sunday, possibly
thunderstorms In the mountains; cooler south;
light southwest winds.
Nevada — Fair Sunday; cooler northwest.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday: fog
in the morning and at night; brisk westerly
wind. ¦
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Sunday; light
southwest winds.
For Fresno — Fair Sunday; cooler; light north
wind.
Fcr Sacramento — Fair Sunday; light south
erly winds.
A~ G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Time and Height of Hiirh anfl. Low Waters
at Kort Point entrance to San Krancllco
Bay. Published by official authority of the-
Superintendent. . ' .
NOTE— The hlrh and low waters occur at
the city front <Mtrslon-«treet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the game at both places.
~~ ~ SUNDAY,, ' SEPTEMBER 11.
Sun rises k j{ : j£
Sun set* .' V.iV '»' ™
Moon sets ...... V ;..7:43. p. m.
S? : «Ft. I'-—.' 58 I— I Ft. T -l^| Ft.
U TTOT 5.6 6:05 0.5 12:32 5.5 6:33( 0.7
y> T02 53 6:46 1.0 1:12 6.5 .7:221 0.5
13 « : 00 5.0 7:32 .1.6 1:56 5.4 8:2of 0.5
14 3 : 05 4 5 8:20 2.2 2:42 5.3 0:23 O.jv
15 4 3 R 4.3 0:15 2.6 3:33 6.1 10:32 0.3
16 5g0__4 : lJ0^g_3.0| 4:37 5.o;il :42 0.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
th* early mornlntr tides are given In the left
hand column and. the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives. the laat tide of th*
iay except when there are but three tides, as
Boni'etlmes oecurs. The heights ftlven are In
addttlon to the soundings of the United States
roast Survey Chart*, except when a minus <— )
ii«i precedes the height; and then the number
Viven Is subtracted from ".the depth given by
•he charts. The plane <9 reference is the mean
if the lower low, waters.
Among the vessels that .assembled
to' watch the first plunge of the Mil
waukee were the Caroline, the. Water
Nymph, the Monticello, the Active, the
Sea Fox, the. Sea King, the Unadilla.
the Government launch Alcatraz and
the yacht. Ollie. The Meteor of the
J. Michaels Launch Company? carrying
representatives of The Call staff, was
one of the first on the scene.
On the excursion boats were many
visitors 'from .'inland' States who " had
never seen a launching before; Fortu
nately at the' Union Iron Works they
had the opportunity- to view warships
in three stages of constructlqn. In the
yards" were the California' and the
Sototh Dakota; which had already
taken . their, first, plunge into the" wa
ters and : are i now; nearing ; completion.
The foretop of L the California 'Is al
ready 'erected. ¦¦• •• • • - ¦• - •¦ ¦
To those who had . never before seen
warships or shipbuilding the sight "was
an' object-lesson. On the ' way back
the visitors passed the New .York, iw
all her formidable Tieauty, white" paint,
glittering brasswork ". : and ". ominous
looking; guns jutting out; on all : sides.
; Then the strangers grasped- the^ idea
that 'some" day the helpless »red* Hull
that . they : had seen ' glide onto a mud
, The men took a firmer grip on the
ropes and the women cowered in the
cabin, wondering if salt water would
ruin their chiffons. For several min
utes the party waited in an agony of
suspense.
Then the ladies emerged f rom - the
cabin and asked J. Wise, "Where is
your old wave?" The man who knew
it all looked. reproachfully at the red
hulk resting peacefully on the mud
buttom, .then sought the seclusion
which the cabin always grants and
hid behind the oir tank.
FliEET OF S3IALL. CRAFT.
The crowd rushed for places of
safety. "You leave it to me," con
tinued Mr. J. Wise.. "I've .been to
launchings before. At the last one
a wave washed right over the. launch.
Hang on: .she'll be here in a minute."
As the red hull touched the water the
whistles of the small craft raised -a
pandemonium to welcome the new ar
rival. A band on the tug Active struck
up- "The Star-Spangled Banner" and
the crowds on the boats and along the
water's edge cheered enthusiastically.
"She's ahead of time. That's a good
way to start," said those who know
the lore of the sea.
The swell from the launching was
light. The Jonathan" Wise of one-party
of excursionists shouted to his friends:
"Hang on, everybody. Ladies, get into
the cabin. - This will be worse than a
tidal wave."
four and a half minutes ahead. of the
time set for her launching. She was too
early for the tug Slocum, bearing a
crowd of army and navy officers. A
minute before the Slocum swung round
the oil dock the Milwaukee was settled
comfortably in her resting place. Peo
ple on the other vessels made merry
at the expense of those on the trans
port service tug. "The Slocum come
slow," said the irrepressible punster.
GREET THE NEW WARSHIP.
One of the pleasing sights on' the
south drive of, Golden Gate Park yes
terday afternoon was an automobile
party, of which Miss Janet Mitchell,
who christened the. cruiser Milwau
kee, was the guest of honor.
Accompanying Miss Mitchell were
the Misses Martin. Millie and Madge,
and Miss Mitchell's sister: Harriet. An
old time friend of the ybuog ladies.
Colonel W. P. Harlow of New York,
escorted the party and manipulated
the "red devil", that made short time
of the distance between the park en
trance i and the Cliff House. Colonel
Harlow is not afraid- to - make fast
time with an automobile and- thfl
young ladles had almost as excitinr a
time on the ride as they had atltha
launching of 'the- warship.
• Friends of the colonel • say Ire can
outdistance any policeman on horse
back that, ever drew a, line at too
many, miles in an auto ;in • » few. mln*
IHiss Janet Mitchell and Companions
the Guests of Colonel Haxknr.
PRETTY GIRLS OX ALTO RIDE.
Ships of the Milwaukee class: are
intended to fight or run away as oc
casion demands. Their guna-are so
placed as to give opportunity of de
livering a rapid, concentrated fire.
Forty officers and 631 men will man
the, Milwaukee when she goes into
commission in the navy.
The Milwaukee will have a normal
coal supply of about 9000 tons, with
a displacement of 9700 tons. Her
total coal capacity "Is lf,000~* Ions,
which is more than that of battle
ships of the Iowa or Indiana type.
1 In. length the Milwaukee will be
423 feet: beam, 66 feet; draft. 22 feet
6 Inches. Twehtv-two~ knots is the
contract speed.
"When armed the cruiser's battery
will consist. of fourteen 6-inch guns,
eighteen S-inch and eight 1-pounder
rifles in the secondary battery, with
ten machine ffuns. . • «
The . Government appropriated $2,-
S25.000 for the construction of the
Milwaukee. She will probably be the
last cruiser built at the Union Iron
Works for some time, unless the cor
poration should be reorganized and
again be placed in active competition
with Eastern shipbuilding yards.
It was common comment among
the navy officers and visitors at the
Union Iron Works yesterday that it
would ill-behoove the Government to
allow so valuable a plant, and one
that has shown so much skill in build
ing shies, to be without contracts for
building sea-fighting machines.
"Acme of Naval Construction Reached
in Recently Designed Sea Fighters.
No more powerful vessels have ever
been designed in the protected cruder
class than the Milwaukee and her
contemporaries. Bulky armor has
given way to speed requirements and
fast-fight ingr Qualities. The acme of
naval construction was reached when
it was shown that the protection of
warships was as well . afforded by
water-tight compartments and ability
to keep out of the way of an enemy if
outclassed.
DESCRIPTION' OF VESSEL.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Abydos Hamburg & Way Port* Sept. 11
Chlco Coqullle River Sept. 11
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept. 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 11
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 11
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 11
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor |Sept. It
San Pedro. . . Humboldt |Sept. 12
Koiea China & Japan ..' Sept. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. Yi
S. Barbara... San Pedro :...._...... Sept. 12
M. Dollar Sar. ltdro Sept 12
Coronado San Pedro Sept. .12
bequoia Wlllapa Harbor jSept. 13
G. Dollar Grays Harbor |i6ept. 13
Alameda.... Honolulu jSept. 1J
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 13
Coos Eay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Sept. 13
Texan New "icrk cept. lli
Argo E*l River Ports Sept. 13
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 13
Leelanaw Seattle Sept. 13
New burg Grays Harbor Sept. 13
Del Norte Crescent City Sept. 14
Iaqua ...I Humboldt Sept. 14
Corona { Humboldt Sept. 14
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Sept. 14
Northland... Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 15
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Sept.' 15
AHUnce .Portland & Way PorU Sept. 15
Jeanie. Seattle A Tacorca .... Sept. 15
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &. Way Pts. Sept. 15
Point Arena.. Mer.doclno & Pt. ArenaiSept. 16
Peru . New York via Ancon. .|Sept. lrt
G. W. Elder. Portland & Abtona. ...'Sept. 1«
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. ISept. 17
Qutcn J'ug- t Sound Ports.... Sept. 'S
North Fork. . Humboldt Sept. 19
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 19
Gaelic China & Japan Sept. 20
Nlcaria Hamburg & Way Ports Sept. 20
San Juan New York via Ancon.. Sept. 21
Aurfclla Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 21
bank would be a thing of beauty and
power like the New York.
The Acapulco's. Cargo.
The fteamer Acapulco palled yesterday for
the Isthmus of Panama and way ports with a
general merchandise cargo, valued at $6S,730,
to be distributed as follows: For Mexico,
$4945; Central America, $I5.66S; Panama,
f3369; New York, $4,!.S07; Germany, $300;
Dutch Guiana. $41. The following .were the
leadlnr exports:
To Mexico— 1303 lbs spices. 1100 lbs dried
fruit. 4M lbs chet-se, S74 lbs 10 cs bread, 550
lbs meals, in pkgs freeh trults, 1 0 pkg* gro
ceries and provisions, 20 crts potatoes, 172
gals ."Hi cs wine, S < s liquors. 24u,34ti lbs cement,
25 bdl» sacks. :; cs arms and ammunition, 1
bale duck, 1000 lbs eoda, 1 launch. 7849 lbs
tallow, JO pkgs- machinery. 43 bars steel, 50
pkgs candles, tO s-ks enke, 12 pc» car mate
rial, 12 kegs nails. r>7 pcs-Ki bdls Iron.
To Central America— 15ti3 bbls flour, 4148
Ib« spices. 19 pkR), table preparations, & cs
canned goods, 5rt0 ctls barley. 711 lbs bread,
17 pkgH groceries and provisions. 1500 lbs cod
fish. 610 ctls corn, 200 lba meal. 40 pkgs fresh
fruits, 475 pkgs potatoes. 15 crts onions, ISO
gala wine. 35.U20 ft lumber. 4<J14 lbs tallow.
3404 lbs copper, 5 b;il*-r> oakum. 100 ca-coal
oil. S bdls brooms. 22 bdls iron. 20 pkgs
paints, 130 bdls paper, 13 bales, leather. 100
lbs dry hides. • •
To Panama— 301 bbls flour, 40,656 lbs beans,
112 pkgs potatoes, 911 lbs *ugar, 30 cs min
eral water, 104 pkgs onions'. 10 bxs fresh fruit,
30 bxs pa«te. 12 pkgs groceries and provli
lons. 22,175 ft lumber, 61)00 lbs cement, 3 pes
steel*. 4</2 lbs soda, 10 pkgs paints and oils,
& bales oakum, S3 bdls brooms.
To New York— 121. S76 gals wine, 40.0C0 lbs
beans. 11,515 lbs dry hides. 21 cs nut oil.
TO ARRIVE,
•
Movements of. Steamers.
WEATHER REPCItT.
LARGE FLEET OF FISHING VES
SELS FROM NORTHERN WATERS
ENTERING THE HARBOR.
Th* yarn of the ship arrivals In the
bay jetfrday has a bigr 'fish story"
fj\.>r. but eleven vessels from the
north loaded with end and salmon
friv** th^ tal*- a true eouud.
The flr*t to come over the bar and
tat K" ¦ brave show as the sailed up
Ihf- harbor was the barkentine Fre
tnunt. Cantain Kelton. twenty-two
day? from Bering Sea. with 190.000
codfish aboard. Jn her wake was an
other barkrntine. the City of Papeete.
Jpst-ii. twer.ty-one days from Biime
ptaoe, 212,000 codfish; ship Star of
France. Borjiman. twenty-two days
from Nu»haftnh. 40.SS8 cases salmon:
l»ark Isaac- Reed. Lorenz. twenty-six
days from Nu^hagah. 40.000 cases
.-.'•¦•• chip Luelle. Anderson, twen
ty-eight days from Nuhhasahf 5500
• •apes and 198 barrels of salmon: bark
Paranieta, Mollor, sixteen days from
Naknek. 29.971 cases salmon;
echooncr Joseph Russ. Peterson, twen
ty-eight days from Nushagah, 2345
barrels falrr.on: ship M. P. Grace,
Jobson. sixteen days from Kirchak
1 Hiver. 33.2S2 cases salmon; schooner
Prosper. Brandeman. twenty-eluht
days from Kogglung, 1100 barrels sal
mon.
The Electra and SinLram were out
tide at 6 o'clock in the evening loaded
¦with salmon. The newcomers report
the seasons catch as light.
The Luclla and Parameta were
Quarantined, as they had sickness
e board.
The steamer Queen, which sailed on Wednes
day for Victoria, carried an assorted cargo
consigned to various British Columbian ports,
valued at -* S * t r. . and including the following:
7.">S pkes fresh fruits, 27 ,pkgs fresh veget
ables, 7.1 pkss onions, 2034 lbs dried fruit, 51
gals wine. 3140 lbs meals, ltp cs canned goods,
647 lbs cheese. 11 jifcgs groceries and provis
ions, 12 o» olives, U'.O'i." lbs coffee, 350O lbs
Kalt. 'M ]>kjjd past*-, 2-"J7»J lbs. beans, 716 lbs
leaf tobacco. 15 pkKS arms and ammunition,
7'Fkgd machinery. 72,800 lbs bone black. 820
lbu pig tin. 10 pkss paint*/ 22 cs drugs, 100
tins matcbrs, 4 rolls leather, lft bbls asphalt.
The steamer also carried 12C7 pkgs potatoes.
36 c»i tanned eoods, 7 rolls leather and 3 kegs
powder, valued at $2415. consigned to various
cities ln.;he Northwest Territory, and .liO.500
lbs drird fruits, valued at $2306/ en rcute to
Manitoba. - - .
Kxports for the North.
Th. latest grain charters reported ar»:
The French bark DuDlelx, wheat and barl»y
from Portland to Eurojve at 26s Od. chartered
prior to arrival; Krench ship Ernest Reyer,
wheat from this port to Eurooe at 21s. M. If
to a direct port Is 3d less, chartered prior to
arrival; British chip Helensburgh. barley from
this port to Europe, 23s J)d (Is 3d less direct).
' The ship John Currier (on Puget Found) was
chartered prior to arrival for lumber thencs
to Sydney at 33e. with option of Melbourne
or Adelaide at 41s 3d. Premantle at 60s, or
South Africa at COs; echooner Alta (also on
Puget Sound}, came business, thence to Manila.
The British ship Marlborough Hill Is char
tered for general cargo from this port to Liver
pool at INis 9d. and the barkentlne W. II.
Dimoui returns to Honolulu with general cargo.
Charters.
(List cf Lights and Fog Signals. -Pacific
Coast, l'.t'M. page X2, No. 63, and List of
Lights, Buoys and Daymarks, Pacific - Coast,
19<W. page 34.> : ¦ . .
Notice Is hereby given that Humboldt bea
con light. No. 1, a two-pile structure marking
the shoal making out beyond shipyard wharf,
on westerly side of channel. Humboldt Bay,
California, was destroyed September .'». The
beacon will -be rebuilt and the light re-estab
lished as Foon as practicable.
By order of the Lighthouse Board..
W. P. DAY, Commander. U. S.. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
SALMON AND CODFISH VESSELS FROM
NORTHERN WATERS COME IN TOGETHER
NA • t C ,L
ew Arrivals Say the
Season's Catch
¦¦ • '
Is Light.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 41, 1904.
39
ia/eak: a^'eiv . curftd
A $13 HOMS CUBE . FKEE FOB TEN
OATS' TBXA& AND APPKOYAL,
IF Yei' Aw pSKN *S?OUT M|M I
The Only f?v (^Ip)) ¦ op ? e w
SdfntifiC /^"^^A^^^ E N E K GV
.posuivc (A^Sirals ib ill
Trfatif«XM% |.gIo N ? o ig k
f/irB^tAriwffi^^fflBk* 1 * Jia S= YOUTH.
1ST «T5lOf lij K0>aa dB-^^p Z. The only pos-
Yrtllthflll HV *^Hf S I itlve means
lOUiniUI W UL * g < known •K-hlch
Vitfor S8B JHfl« w" wll " ull>f eD *
• 5 is IarK( ' and
•^jflME^*^^** * >et c o m p letely
•*2*r^\\*''^5fl» ¦•* 2O develop, the 1
'MH...: . ,._ y^^. "?• aewlth our Sol-
- rr— -^ « £~ Uble M^dU
¦ ¦ * !cat»d Ure-
thral Crayons, quickly cur«* all drains. Vari-
cocele, Stricture, .Premature - Defcay. .; Enlarge-
ment of « Prostate • Gland, etc. We- want ev«ry
WEAK or UNDEVEUOPED man to call on ua.
We - are ¦' known '. to • be : ttrlctly reliable ' special-
ists an4 ' cure all dlaeases of - men : by modern '
methods."- Examination., and ¦.: demonstration
free ¦ For our »VACUUM DEVELOPER- or our
•pedal J treatments. : call at our of flee only for
the present.- DO NOT -WRITE/;
¦Hours 9 to 0; Sunday, U0: to' 1.- HEAliTH
APPLIANCE COMPANY; 6 O'Farrell Street.
-_. ' .'_ -. ' . ' ' / .: ¦-- ¦¦ '¦- - '¦''--'¦ ¦ ¦' -¦ ¦¦ ••'• : --' • . ¦ - "' - ¦- ADVERTISEMENTS. ; ' ' '. ' ' ¦ . . - ' : , ' , . ' ' ¦
1 Appeal to Wea k Men j
• _^ jm _ : - >^—^ Are You Suffering From Varicocele, Ner- |
1 y^/~^ vous Del]Ilit U ) Loss of Vital Power, Loss |
\yy of Ambition, Earlu Decay? I Will Cure |
• . A >^viA y How many men are^uffering miseries for the want of a simple remedy? They do not live: *
• V\j | >^ t^ e^' sllll Pb' exist. In the faces of thousands can be read the story of a wasted life and blighted 2
• V A. hopes; joys and pleasures are unknown to them because their vitality is bein^ sapped. Varico- X
2 V jj^it eele, wasting drains, have exhausted Nature's Electfical forces and left them wrecks upon the 0
5 ' I A^SrOV shores of life. Many have sought in drugs and patent remedies to relieve their mental and phy- o
a .. ». / . \ye*w&\. sical suffering. They are soothed for a day. or maybe a week, falsely braced up. until, the ef- #
O / /vjK^CmVv cc . ts of tIie dru S wearing off like the momentary bracing of whisky, they sink still lower in vi- •
• JG»»«. /FT^^^SHEsffi tality. and. with hope exhausted, lose confidence in themselves and their fellow-man and decide O
• y ( "*O\ jBr>b*ASk(cw9F&*i to abandon all efforts to recover their power, feeling thepe is no help for them. Man. do not g
® / J^T^7\ iViC^^rL^bX^g^JL sacrifice yourself in this way. Do not endure this living death while Nature holds out to you re- 2
® / j^^jfut^f^OJT^^J^^^X licf »n the form of Electricity— that vital element of which by a life of dissipation you have £
S I^Sr \V&W^05*£^^%3SiZjy deprived yourself— tearing down faster than Nature could rebuild. In this great restorative— 0
q W[j fegg^g'^ &22e~C Electricity— there is life and happiness for you. It restores power to the weak and the indif- O
• resi^- ferent; it builds up the weakened system, and bv its vitalizing, stimulating cure it makes the O
• . . ' f^^^^3s--t- -=JiN^-/v blood jump through sluggish veins, increasing the circulation to every part, assisting Nature to •
® I carry off the impure matter which clogs up the wheels of life. If you arc weak and sick, don't •
© I isr^fej depend on doctors or drugs any longer, but try q
1 MiKJl Dp. MeLaughlin's Electric Belt :
• \ x'-^^^^. 1 The product of years of study, the realization of the fondest dreams of the weak, and worn. in- S
© V • v. v-i,ri. ft is not a toy Belt, but a powerful, life-giving Electric appliance, which is now recog- J
2 \ <^ \^ n\zt:6. by the highest and best in the medical profession as the only certain means of restoring 0
S . • V. V Vtf power, to weak and vital organs. The strength is quickly restored by it and losses corrected. O
q J^Sl V^ V^ Rheumatic pains are quickly dispelled and all functions of the body developed and made strong:. •
• /nXSsK. y^ " \wl II se ! ltJs the blood with a gladsome bound through the veins, carrying health to the body and •
© /^^^^ V^ 1 vWl happiness to the heart of the despondent sufferer. J
A /|N|mSK » v] Cured After Suffering 1 4 Tears. lumbago, Oatarrti. Cangh. Cured In • Month. o
S / $ l\ -I- 625 Pine Street. San Francisco, CaL 1030 Carolina St.. San Francisco. Cal. GILROT Cal. April 3. 1904.
A / x « V V J April 7. 1904. April 3. 1904. DR. Md,AtGHLI>.—
2 § VN K vVVvl no"«TirpuTiw DR. MCLAUGHLIN — Dear Sir: 1 received your hi*h a
• * *\W //R \^l McLALGHLIN— - Dear Sir: Two physicians had been rrade B«lt on March 1 »nd hav. worn X
• r^ WuJ/& Dear Sir: I suffered with. rheuma- treating me for conaumption. but your . pade *lt on March 1 tnd hav« won O
A / « J$ JSMvtZ>^ \W* tism for four years The Dalns In my examination showed my obstinate H regularly op to the present time Q
S # $\ JS^J? V> Wl tism ror lour years, me pains jn my cough to due to catarrh of th« and must say that It Is a wonder. Z
• , jR >S SS v^NcS \ WVVvI muscles were so severe I could not . atotnacn _ j was also suffertnr from fbe good It has done me In so short JT
• i*' & $S Xvw^ \ raise my hands above my head. lumbaeo and weak back. In two a time 13 wonderful. I sleep well and »»
• ,»5 S* >N \\^\ i>\ Three weeks' u?e of your Electric weeks your Electric Belt rreatly re- do not have that tired feeling ta the O
«* /k$ SSL W VVV wNwf Belt treatment greatly relieved me. lleved nir courh and catarrh, and morning. My back Is stronger, and O
Z i^ NO ¦ «^ VVV^. V^ WN&l and. to-day I cm entirely cured and within one month all my pains and In fact there Is a decided change for a
2 IBS? v§S >$$ VVvV VvW take pleasure In recommending your cough were sone. Tour . Belt was the better all around. I have tried X
• /» 5$s vWv Vv\ V^aI system of electricity as worthy a fair- the best Investment I ever made, and many other forms of treatment, but ¦*
• jNF Jsv C>N Xv^ \w\ .\\v| trial by all sufferers. 1 would not part with It for $1000. they did not have the least effect. V
• fV V^ \\ " \W V\^ Yours truly. CHAS. KROCKER. Youn* sincerely. JOHN JOHNSON. Gratefully yours. J. W. STEWART. 0
• / 7 ;sk v> ' YC\\I r\r\M>T' r\CI A V r y Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt at once. No matter what ails 5
• "M ,^ Av V>\\vl LlvJlN 1 UtL A I you, there i& a cure for you in Nature's remedy — Electricity. The J
2 « • • >A l \\\l greatest cures- on record have been performed by this famous Belt, and it is recognized to-day as o
S .'¦ * \\ -vC^\ the greatest remedial agent known to mankind. It cures every form of weakness, restores the life O
0 "$% i\ \V^* "and vigor of youth, cures all forms of Nervous Diseases, Kidney and Bladder Troubles, Rheu- •
O matism. Sciatica, Varicocele, Lumbago and many other complaints, after every known system •
• • of medical treatment has failed. 2
5 i, VIGOR OF YOUTH RESTORED IN A NIGHT. o
S HOW DOES IT CURE' How simple that. is to me! I have studied and developed it f of years/ and I will explain it to you as simply o
S as T ' cai You weakness i 1 like th s STe running down of the steam in the engine. There is not enough power m the nerves to make the physi- J
2 ' cai body S^S^Swvm^mSSS^^mMr ru » s > our hod z just as h n^ an elect r c car - hen K hcre j ? cno^ gb P . OW 7- f f the pr er 2
• h "short the car ¦don't run NciUier will your body. Now when you. have overtaxed Nature, when .you have been dissipating too freely, you have O
• drained awav the eserve' vitaTi y and caused injury to the.nerves and glands which retain the ; vita! force so that you are now subject to a con- •
• S drain of this.power. You are losing it fast. You have never regained what you originally lost, and never will until this dram is stopped. •
5 I can stop it. and cure. My Belt pours electricity into, your impoverished nerves for hours every night. They drink it up gladly absorb and re- •
$ ,; n 1 Tl • nmnrl nn/rWJon under its oowerful influence. They get strong, and the drain is stopped; they grow in size and power daily, Z
5 your' lep^ornS^ficker and yoS cot into fh°e "glass and see a MAN;°you are CURED! RESTORED! MADE OVER! and the sun shines J
2 Sadly upon vour future. "The world is mine/' you say, and thcrpcopre in it proclaim you a man. So my Belt cures you, and when you pay for it C
• you make an'investment Which returns you more profit than any that has ever been made J»y man. O
• ¦ PDPP ROOkT Every man who admires the perfection of .physical, strength should read my beautifully illustrated book. It. tells how •
• rKtC D^JUIV strength j s i ost and how Irestore it with my Electric Belt. I will send this book, closely sealed, free, your request, g
J' If you are not the man you should be, consult me to-day. Bring of send this ad. . #
I DR. M, C. McLAUGHLIN, 906 Market St ., Above Ellis - San Francisco. •
• CWever Sold in Dro* Stow..) Lo. An»el«B. 129 South Spring Street. Seattle, 106 ColuaDla Street. Offlo* Honr»-9 ft. xa. to 8 p. m. Sunday.. 10 to 1. •tHE SAN F RANGISCQ v.GALL, . SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER; 11, •} 1904.
40
BXAI, ESTATE— ClTT—r OB ' SAttE.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st
Opitodte Mnis "Building Entrance.'" "*
- •".• -KsniK C&ilectcU. " >Tel. Meln. 123.
• -$10,000 — Cfoce. to Montgomery and . Calif ocnia
j -. -*tre^l»; substanUal brick . hulldln^:
tented under leace which -pays <> 1 /i per
... cent. net. Lot 4:ix93; a , good sn;eula-
| '¦ tion I' paying, twice bank interest. -. .:.
$'_'?>, i'0y — Pjominent cdrner " in wholesale dls-
triot near Washington and Montgornery
• . ;?treete;"i«-Etory brick improvements rent-
..ed 'under "leaie to prominent business
firms; over 00 feet frontase; this is a
rare 'opportunity, for any one wanting to
' '".invest In downtown business property.
$23,000^ — Choice water lot. 45-10x137-6 on 8pear
street, close to Market" " '
$15,000 — Three Imposing 8-room residences on
Ft II st. "cloxe tn. Large lot 53sl20
s through to rear street. Room to build 9
small flats:- will pay '13 per cent
llC.506-~Ren.ls $1440; close to Page and
. ' Shrader .sts.: sunny side;'' -3 elegant
:. -h*_w flats, ti-7-7 rooms;- lot' 25x137:6;
; - these- flats are considered to be the moet
.clfE.aht in the. Panhandle vicinity.., : ,
$12.250— Rents $1280; : 3 beautiful' flats; 6-7-7
.rooms .and bath each; Baker street closa
-. ...';" to Park Panhandle^, one ycav'old; mort-
• . "" . g4sre of.. 5C500 can remain' at 6 per cent:
;.. s these Are very swell. " ' ;. -... '_".
$12,000— Rents $12C0- 3 .flats, C room* and bath
' - each;. finished one year apo; close to El-
O Us ;and' Scott st«.; tvery room has sun';-
lirat-t la-s tenanU;.tb{s investment is the
ijf best the money, can, buy. • -. . ;
$10,000— Rents $1050;, store, and K ".flats; " 5-0-6
¦ ..rooms and batli; close, to 4th and Minna
: sts.. Eanltary plun»b;nr: brick" founda-
'tlon: the 3-story improvements' alone
cost owner ?S500 to- build a Jew years
¦ ¦ ngo. . -. " r
$lO,OCO-r-A handsome 2-story residence of ¦¦ 10
rocms and Imth, and 2 modern-flats of 5
rooms and bath each, on Kunny side of
Jones st near. Jackson; extra iarito lot,
* 47 feet frontage; owners refuised $12,000
two years ago. Will rent for $1100 per
annum.- 1 ' ' • - - - .-. - ;
$10.000— Reduced 'from $11,500; renU $1230;
owner very anxtous to sell, hence this
extraordinary bargaJn; three elegant
: flats on north s!de of .Page'st. near Cen-
- ' tral' ave.. " 6-7-7 ¦ rooms; large lot See
• these at once. . - -
$8,S00-^Ohly $2800 cash. Btg snap on Geary
. et. close "to Van Ness ave. Over 34 feet
' frontage; full, depth; present Improve-
ments pay blj Interest;' '¦ fine site for
apartment house. ;.'
$5,500 — Rents $520; two handsomb bay-win-
dow flats on Folsom . st. i near " ISth : 4-5
rooms apd.bath; always rented;, rents
could easily be raised; property actually
cost $C230; j lopk into;thIsV
$5,100 — Rents $3S2; two front and two rear
. houses; close to Cth and Folsom: almost
. new; large lot 37:6x112: -a great bargain.
$4,000— Handsome "2-story reeldence, 8 rooms
¦* and bath,' close to Golden Gate Park: re-
duced from $3500; bank will loan $3000
on this. View unsurpassed.
$-1,000 — Rents $450.: two modern . flats, 4-5
• rooms and bath; best portion of Mission
¦ warm belt, near Valencia st Large lot.
$3,500— Rents $438; closeto 7th and Howard;
flrst-claEs Improvements; never vacant.
A bargain for some one. . ;-';'<
"$2,650 — Rents -$405; south of ' Market; snap;
four 3-room : flats, never vacant: In lo-
"' • call ty having great future. ; - \
$2,300 — Cozy modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, close to 24th and Castro. In good
condition. Cost $2700 two years ago.
$1,250 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, close to
24th st. cars: .Lot 25x111. The cheapest
•-; . ¦ v buy In San. Francisco. - - .
DAVIDSON &. LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st.
MADISON & BURKE. • -
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, -.
ESTABLISHED -JANUARY, 1858.
30 Montgomery st. ...... .Opposite Lick House
$40.000 — Corner on Octavia St., near, . Suiter;
• -, . flats -renting for over 8 per cent; lot
.i. - 60x87:«.-^ . — ' -.' • ?
$10.75.0- 1 -Page st; .2 up-to-date flats. 6 and 7
rooms "and bath.; . annual rent $800.
$ft,0O0--Bryant Bt. nr. 3d; modern flats; well
rented; lot 25x80. ' ,' " ¦ '• "
$5,500-^-Natoma st. v.ear'Sth; two good flats'.
with high" basement; rents $486 per
. "" annum; lot 25x73; must be sold. "
$3,250-^-Beaver *t," near Noe: beautiful ,cot-
" tage." JUst the think for a small family
' fine garden; ' •'"',. " ' ' •" ' ,- '
$3,100— Harrison st., near First; house' rents
$18; lot 20x68:9. • • " • ' .'
$4,000— Tenth st, near Harrison; -lot 25x100;
rent $32. - «. > ". : . -.; ;>
' $4,100— Flllmore st, near' Gr'ove:"lat 25x
107:6. ¦ : , • ' -•, '
$1,600— Fourteenth ave. and A it. corner; 120
' ,. f e6t oh the new park panhandle. ¦*-
$5,000— Two fine- lots; Beulah St.. near Stan-
yan; 60xl37;6. . * - -
$3,500— Tremont ave., west line;' 6-room cot-
- : tage In fine condition; near Frederick st
$1,075— Harrison st; near 28th; -fine cottage,
¦ 5 rooms and- bath; lot 25x110; cheap. ->
$4,500— Chattanooga st, near Twenty-third;
¦ large lot, 65x117:6 to rear street ¦¦ -
Lots 27:6x137:6. on Sutter st, between Stelner
and Pierce. ." ¦; . . 1
Building lots. NE. ' corner Golden Gate v ave.
and Baker st; in. sizes to suit; prices
' from : $2000 upward. ;' -. .;7
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on south line of
• ; Geary et. near Flllmore.
' ' ' ;.' MADISON & BURKE.
. *. . 80 Montgomery st; opp. Lick House.
CALIFORNIA' '¦".'•'
TITLE' INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
410; MONTGOMERY ST.. '..,.,
MOVED FROM" MILLS BUILpING TO MORE
.'. COMMODIOUS QUARTtfKij'IN." ""
HAYWARD BUILDma.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
IT IS BETTER ". " ' . - v-"
to protect yourself, against every possible
loss by having us. examine and Insure the title
to your property • . ; - ¦ ;. . .
Than to leave It open to dispute— and your-
self subject to the costs of possible litigation.
Our examination and Insurance costs little
accomplishes much. . Ask us about it.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-"
EURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New . York, Boston
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State -charter;' all matters controlled and
managed by the following • -.' ¦ ' - -.- . .
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD, r . .¦ -., - ., .;-.
' • .- President Bank of California.
CHARLES R.' BISHOP; • ' - - ; «o™»a.
¦ • • . - vice Pres. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour. Gnthrie & Co.'
HENRr I* DAVIS. vU - :-¦ . wu "
President California Optical Co
P. N. LILIENTHAU " ' '
. Manager Anglo- Calif ornlan Bank.'
WARREN OLNEY. ¦ . - - ,
. .... '-'Oiney & Olney, Atty'i -and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE. ? ... "
Psge, McCutchen & Knight, Atty*s.'
A.T. SPOTT8, ¦ ., . '. :¦¦-..
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co. :
JOHN R. SPRING. .- -^ i« *.VT
-¦' . ¦:•-.. CaplUUst. C30 California st
HAWKS & SKELTON.': ¦':' ]i
Rents collected and Entire Charge Taken of
- - - Property: -
$10,500 — North side . Jackson, . nr. Buchanan:
good house of -8 . rooms and 2 baths; lot
£5x117, to rear street ...•.--,
$8,500— North -side .Vallejo, rir. Polk; good
house of 10 rooms; cost $12,000 to. build;
may , be altered to flats profitably ; very
Une view. of bay; lot". 48x170. .-'•; r ,
$13,500^-Flne bouse; . Leavenwortb, near ''¦ Clay;
.9 rooms and bath; laundry 1*. basement:
building In . first-class condition; view. of
Golden G»te from rear." \; . ,. .:, . ;
$6,600— Good house '-, and lot; Octavia, "'near
Broadway; 7 rooms and .bath; fine view
. of bay ¦ from *, front or" : rear; .: this' Is,, a
¦ ..'bargain., -, ".- ¦ ' -.".-. -:.. ... - .'- ,
- $8,000— NE. ' corner . LarUa and " Lombard ;
28:0x110; has superb view. of bay; street
work all -done; neighborhood ' growing 1
".-.-. last-.; ;' ;.;' . - ;¦-;. "..-,•.¦¦"'.." .
$5,400 ; -Inslde lots • adjoining above; ' 27x1 10;
Hyde-sf. cam; cloee , by. »
$8,000— NW*. corner lotr Larkln "and Filbert;
?40x100;; so»»rbi:vlew- of Golden Gate •
¦'¦-'•' ' from rear.' l '¦¦¦.¦'¦."¦¦''¦¦;¦-•¦' .'>.-.- ¦
; $3,000— Lot, south, side Green,* nr.- Pierce,' 23x
100; good vitw; choice neighborhood. .
. HAWKS & SKELTON, • 823 Montgomery; st'
'FOR s*I«— K . fltfe cottage, ; 6 rooms ¦" and *bath, r
high basement: street work -all done; a bar- ¦
gain,' as , I am going East; v. 718 - York- et.'.
. between. Ninetseatb and Twentieth.
1 BEAE EgTATS— ¦ CITY— TOS SAI.E.
[ . THORNK Jb KILPATRICK.
-: 312 BUSH. BT,,...,... Near MONTGOMERY.
. .. - ¦". '*; ~ . y~ ~— - . ¦> ¦•"' ' ¦•<• , v "
. .. .EXTRAORDINARY SUBDIVISION.
UN1QM- ST. '•¦¦"'
12.7- 6 jSPt |t7 6jr?6j27 6J2761 3o\Jo_§J
1 00 o 0 o o -. : _§^d|>
- Z js Z -j k J&™ s <
SlllllSil
¦ ~~"~*t ; ~ — - „ >o u/
. r -; ' I6000 R y
* 3 & &3ZSO £>
Green; ; st
Weet . side of Van ' Ness ave.', from Union to
Green. . .; ...
LARGE LOTS. v
"7 s ' .,' ACCEPTED STREETS.
LEVEL AND .ON GRADE. '
SURROUNDED BY ELEGANT MODERN IM-
-- PROVEMENTS. . '
..MARINE VIEW LOTS.'.
Northeast corner Washington et. and, Pre-
sidio ave. (formerly ; Central ave.); lots
.'•¦any size to suit; Just been graded and
put In order ready for bulldlns; fine ma-
¦ rlne view. -
$1,500—34x137:0; Hyde «t. nr. North Point;
level and ready to build on; very chaep.
$300—30x100; California st, nr. 22d ave.;
• level and on (trade. ¦ . .¦
$2,C00 — Frederick et, opposite Shrader; 25x
137:0, '
60x120 — 25x120; southwest corner California st
and Cth ave.: will subdivide.
$14, COO— Cor. Page nnd Buchanan sts.; 68:9x
127:6. ; , -
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
$7,750 — Elpgant- residence; facing Alamo
square ; magnificent view; 8 rooms and
well finished I basement; original cost
$11,500;. must sell nt once.
$7,250 — Choice lot en Valencia St., opposite
Hill;. 24x125, with good 9-room; should
be raised and store built underneath;
" imperative sale.
$3, CCO — Masonic ave., south of Frederick st. ;
5 and C rooms and bath; new; lot 25x
¦ • ' 100; very cheap. . -'
$7,200— Baker st.. nr. Sutter: DOxlOO: 2 flats
and rear house; one lot vacant; rents
- $50; will cell lot separately.
$11,000— Waller at, nr. Tremont ave. ; just
finished; 5 and 6 rooms and baths; cen-
tral kitchens; bay-windows front and
rear: rents $105 per month. * .-
$11,500 — Webster Bt. nr. Geary; 3 modern
flats; 6 rooms and bath each; every
room sunny; rents flOO.
$8.400— Fourteenth st, rir. Valencia; 3 flats.
5. 6 and. 0 rooms, baths; rents $S10
yearly. :
• . THORNE & KILPATRICJK.
312 BUSH ST.
BOARDMAN BROTHERS * CO., ."
r- - , ¦ . Real Estate Agents,
: ".;(. ", , . ' 13S Montgomery st
CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$50,000— Water front bargain; not far from
. -," Market; double frontage; this Is an op-
portunity for a turn. .
$45,000 — Mission business corner; best improve-
. ¦ ments; always rented on 8 per cent
basis. ...
$35,000 — A Western Addition northwest corner;
new flats; elegant and modern; $3800 a
. year.
$31,000— Western Additicn business Investment:
northeast corner; stores and flats; all
..-- well rented; $2650 per annum.
$18,000 — Taylor st. ; magnificent northwest cor-
ner. In choice -neighborhood; fine ma-
rine view; location suitable for resi-
dence, -flats- or apartment-house.
$18,000 — Webster-st flats; new and finely fin-
ished; $1C5O a year. • «
$15,0C0-r-Californla. not far from Hyde; modern
t ¦¦ ¦'¦ - sunny flats, always rented; $1200 yearly.
$12,000— Close to Market. st; three handsome,
.-:¦' i :¦'. modem flats;. $1350 a year; nearly ' 10
per cent net. .- . - -
-$10,000— Cloee- to- Panhandle; two elegant mod-
:- • fern flats, paying $1044 yearly.- • . - .
i» $8.000*- Near Market. st; three elegant, modern
':•"• rrs flats; $870 a year; a great snap. ¦• ¦
; $8,T50— Close to Fifteenth and Market; two
.•,:,' -<brand new, flats; ;very. attractive; $660
¦ • '" -yearly. ¦ .' -. . . ~ "- .•' si U > • ¦' ¦
?3,000 — Good Western Addition Investment: key
lot, 37:0x120; two frontages; rent $10;
•>:'• r .>pays S per cent net. . . '
$5,000— Twenty-second St.. near Guerrero; four
good flats; rents $51 per month. . -
$3,000— Two splendid Mission flats; rents $32
> ; : • P«r month. -
DO YOU WANT A HOME?
$17,500 — Vallejo Et; handsome residence of 11
rooms; grand marine view. ¦
$S,000— Presidio Heights;, thoroughly modern
and attractive 8-room house.
' $4,000 — Mlefrion home of 6 rooms; modern
plumbing; beautiful garden and fine
-view; before buying, look at this.
$3,500 — J ohnson * ave., • close to Point Lobos:
¦ fine two-story bay-window house of 7
rooms. .
$3,C0O— McAllister St., near Golden Gate Park;
¦ very pretty, modern cottage.
$2,500 — Fine Mission cottage, near' Castro-st
car line; 6 rooms and bath; lot 26x114.
$l,S50— 50-foot -lot and cottage, -north /side
'Twenty-flfth st; a ' bargain" for home-
... seeker. • - . -^ . ¦
$12,000 — MajrnlfUeiit: marine ..view lot,' In Pre-
sidio Heights; wide view; cannot be cut
" ' off; choicest ; neighborhood; 40x110; Or
can sell 60 feet for $23,000.
$5,500— Near Guerr«|f> and Twenty- third; 58x
114; snap. "' , » V. • "•-". '
$5,000— Presidio. Heights lqt; running to Pre-
sidio wall; ' magnificent view; nothing
;. In the market -better., than this. -
$2,200 — Mission snap; 40-foot lot, near Seven-
,. .teenth st. .;*;.;;¦;:;•.: .
BOARDMAN BROTHERS & CO.,
- .': • Montgomery et
B. GETZ. ' Room 22." Chronicle Building.
- OWNER AND, DEALER.
New Biock on "the Grand Ocean Beach!!!
Graded Lots Ready to Build on.
Quality and Prices Tell— Easy Terms! t!
Superb View — Call for Map and Diagrams.
RIehmond District— Choice . Graded Aiots'.'.l
Greatest Bargains Ever Offered— Easy Terms.
$230 to $500— North of the Park Lots!!! '
Opp. fcSpreckels Lake and Near Chutes— $3 mo.
$350 to $1200— Sunset. Heights Lots, $5. mo. up.
(350 to $500— 18th ave. Boulevard Lots, $6 mo.
$75 to $300 — Ocean ' Heights and Oceanslde
;¦¦ ' - Lots, $5 Month.
New Biock In the Excelsior Homestead!!!
$160— Splendid , Level Lots— Just - Think of. It.
, Get a Home on Easy Terms— City Water.
$75 to $100 — Ocean View Level Lots, $3 mo.
51C00 to $5000— Cottages and Houses on Terms.
Call at my office,' Room 22. " Second floor.
Chronicle' Building; '
NELSON, JOHNSON: & CO., • -
203 Montgomery st. opp. Mills bldg .
BARGAINS IN REAL .ESTATE'
"Foreclosure, Probate .and Forced Sales' of ah
Kind, will be Found In Our'
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS* J0UIDE. * -
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefnlly selected list of cheapest propertie*
offered en the market in every location. Send
us your addrens and we will jnall you one.
NELSON. JOHNSON A CO., *
203 Montgomery, et. opp. - Mills bldg.
FOR t-ale^ — House. . B I rooms, basement,' barn^
¦ chlcken-hou*e; well, - tank, etc. ;' lot 60x100-
'• in I.akevlew:2 blocks from; Inrleslde race-
. track; easy ternisj'iuust be sold. - Inquire at
. -. 711 Gr&fton* ' ;¦".'¦¦
$4300— MODERN hctsse. 2 flats. 3 and 6 sunny
.... rooms, enameled bath; mortgage can remain;
¦ lot 26x114... 184 Clipper Bt.N.E.: corner..
HOUSE, 7 rooms; lot' 20xC0; South Market;
close: in:: can be made Into flats at small
cost; price $1500. , 410 Kearny st, room 0.
ELLIS ST. HOME, 1018, bet Devisadero and
Scott; 8. roomswnodern; lot 23x137:6; open
for Inspection to-day; bargain. . \ .
$750— Cottage, 4 rooms;, lot S7:6xlOO. •-¦•¦:..--:
$1700— Cottage, 5 rooms; 28th st.. nr. Dolores.
. $1950— Cottage,- 4 rooms; 224 Duncan st ¦',
MISSION. REALTY CO., - ; 3287 Mission *.¦¦:
HERE is your chnnce to buy 'a' 4, '8 or 6 room
'cottage " on terms same ; - as •- rent ¦ Apply
owner lumber .yard, •; cor. Army ;and Con-
• don Ets. - • "... : v. . • ¦ .. ,- ¦ . * .•
COTTAGE for «aJe; 6. rooms, bath and base-
•¦¦ mtnt Apply • S8 " Cumberland . s t V
$3300— LIBERTY,' St., • near : Guerrero; ' net rent
•; $30. : ; See LYON & HOAG. • •
$.•500— GOOD' building" lot- in the Mission.
.. MORSE & . PERK. C32 Market St. , room 5.
$7^0— FINE - resilience. ' hardwood- floor* : ' ma-
'.rlne.vlew: .leaving city.-. : Box ; 1342. Call.". »
RICHMOND District, 2 houses and • lots.' Box
iCaa.CaU offlr*. .-•¦¦". ?r.,^ ¦'
SHAINWALD. EUCKBEE & CO..
218 and 1 2-JO Montgomery St,
Mllla UuiMinx.
$7.300— Second ave.. -near California: 3 mod-
ern fiats: 5-tf room* anU bafa: rent? JM>
per month; lot 23x120 ft.; flae proyc-
$8.750— New flats: PresMlo Heights; reaU |7»
per month; always rented.
$30,0CC— Northwest corner, opposite Alamo
square; elegant apartments, rentlns lor
$212 XAt per month; lot 70x1^3; yArtlally
Improved.
j _ . . . ... ,
$2?,500— Warehouse; 4-€tory bulMIn* on lot
43:10x120 feet; one short block from
S. P. freight *hf<is:.wlll pay 8 per cent
on the Investment. -
$12,500— Stores and flats on Sacramento St..
near Central ave.; rents $110 per moata;
lot SCxlOO ft. •-">
840,000— Post st, near Taylor; 2 frontages:
40-foot lot; grand site to erect modern
buIldiB^.
$8,230— Devlsadero-st corner* near Eddy, with
fine 2-story residence; lot 23xlo» ft-;
price is very reasonable.
$10.C00— Filbert st.. near Hyde; flae marine
.: . view; residence of 10 room* and bata.
lot 48x137 :B ft.
$6,000— Devisadero. near Halght: residence. 8
rooms and batb; lot 25x125.
$17.000— 2d-st. corner, nr. Harrison; 70x33 ft.;
fine site for modern buelness ¦ building.
$775 each— Choice marine view lots; Lake
st.. 26th and 27th aves.: ready to build
on; price Includes all street work, sew-
ers and sidewalks; will double In value
In one year; cash or easy terms If de-
sired. .::¦;..
Get a copy of our printed list of propertle*
for sale. .¦ '
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE tt CO., **
218 and 220 Montgomery st. Mills bid.
BEAT* ESTATE — COTHfTBT— - X*or Sal*.
WHITE & BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. '.,<
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$7 50 per acre; beet stcck ranch In Humboldt
County; on the slope of the South Fork of th«
Eel River: S500 acres grazing land; practically
all fenced; good farmhouse; large barn; ICO
head fine cattle: 1600 sheep; horses, and all
farming Implement* at market prices.
$3200—5 miles of Santa Rosa and near sta-
tion; Rossian River bottom; 23 acres; 3 acres
vineyard; new buildings; 3-room and bath cot-
tage; good barn: windmill and tank; poultry
houses; see this, and If you want only part of
It will sell unimproved portion at $100 per
acre: If. you want to raise corn that will m.tka
the Kansas article "eide step" see some of our
homes on the Russian River. .
$2050—2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soli; Hli acres bearing vines; 1 acr«
fruit; good dwelling, barn, poultry houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tools, wine preM. tacks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
$.1500 — 34 acres: modern, uo to date hoiu*
and buildings: fenced and cross fenced: nearly
all orchard; :>. miles of Watson vllle.
$3200—10 acres level sandy loam: good 4-
room house; Una barn; windmill and tank;
water piped over ranch; 5 large poultry houses;
Incubator, 2 brooders; farming tools; caw; 2QQ
laying hens; essy terms: near Petaluma.
$2000— Half-ml'e of Sebastopol; 10 acres; 1
acres Umber: 4 acres orchard, balance vine-
yard; house, barn: on new electric road-
$26CO— Near Martinez: 123 acres hlU land; 75
acres good plow land; well fenced; house, barn;
family orchard.
$50CTJ — 25 acres rich sandy loam, near Hay-
wards; rolling: 4 tvzres vines; 3 orchard, all
bearing; balance hay: elegant 2-s;ory rts.u-n.e.
10 rooiiis. bath; easy -terms.
$2050 — 34 acres near Watsonvllle; 200 apples;
8 acres tine potatoes: 2 acres timber: balance
grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
$160O— Sonoma City; 4 acres rich darlc loam;
all level; orchard; coay cottage; cem»nt cellar:
barn; windmill and tank: 5 poultry houses; feed
room: 240 hens. We handle all the choicest
property in this vicinity and will be pl*>as±d to
drive you around.
$6500 — Near Santa Rosa: 500 acres: fenced 3-
fields; 12 acres tine vineyard; 3 acres orchard:
8 Jersey cows; 2 horses; tools; wagons: new 1*-
room house,; 2 barns; blacksmith . shop. - We
have 130 places on our list near Santa Rosa.
See them.
ALFALFA LANDS *
$100 per acre — One mile of Modesto; 5 acres
up: u cash. - . - -
S5O ser acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 2O aeres
up: Vt cash. - . .
$3O per acre — Near Lodl. en the Woodbrldgs
FINE DAIRIES IN HUMBOLDT.
We have a large list of completely equipped
dairies in the best section of Humboldt Co.;
20 acres up.
?250O — Fine summer resort In Sonoma Co.;
sta^e station and P. O. on place; 141 acres
controlling lOOO-acre range; 8 acres bearing
orchard; hay land; good house and 4 cottages,
all furnished: bath; dancing platform; norses;
farming Implements; see this quick.
$850—3 miles of Geyserville; 2\s, acres: tj.
Zoom house, large barn. 2 good wells; rolling.
all In vineyard: oak trees; fine poultry farm.
$1000 — Only 3 miles of Santa Rosa; 10 acres
black loam; 1 mile town; $300 down; fine for
roadhouse.
$5000— Finest stock ranch in Southern Ore-
gon; 320 acres; 2 sets No. 1 Improvements: 100
acres suitable for alfalfa or timothy; orchard-
carries 100 to 200 head of stock; 8 horses '
tools; 40 tons hay; near railroad. *
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
We have Eastern buyers for first-class farm
property and poultry farms.
$2750— Rolling land: 160 acres, near Clayton*
80 acres plow land; house, barn, orchard; part
cash; ov«r 100 choice farms la Contra Cost*
Co. to offer you to select from.
$3750— Humboldt Co. rich bottom land- 24
acres half mile of Fortuna: 1 acre orchardi
new 3-room house, barn, outbuildings.
$8 per acre — Fine stock ranch. U*tO acres- 100
rich bottom land, balance rolling; fenced 'and
cross-fenced; nice orchard; house; 2 lartr. barn*.
$1300—4 acres rich Russian River bottom
land; half mile of Geyservtlle. Sonoma Co.*
shade trees; house, barn, outbuildings. We
have at least 40 small orchards and vineyards
to offer In this fine section, where the quality
of the soil Is unsurpassed and farm mortgages
are practically unknown. • .
$2300— At Hopland; 42 aeres; 7 bearing vlae-
yard: 8 hay and garden land: 2 bearing or-
chard; windmill, tank, tools; 100 laying heni*
half cash. '
$1700— Only 9 mines of San Jose, dose to eta.
' tlon snd town; 24 acres rolling land: 10 aeres)
bearing prunes and cherries ; good 3-room cot-
tage; stable, poultry houses; 3 summer houses
for summer boarders; running water: close to
school. See this quick.
$4750— On Guadalupe Creek, south of Saa
Jose; 33 acres; 12 In full bearing orchard ia
fine condition; balance gently sloping flae hay
. land; fine creek; 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable; fine Income. W»
have a choice list of small homes in Santa
Clara Co.; pleased to drive you around and
show them.
FOR RENT.
$300 cash per year: 163 acres: 2 miles of
Grass Valley; gocd house; nice cellar; 2 Urgs
barns and stable: 60 acres fine bearing orchard*
S acres bearing vineyard; generally level: farml
Ing Implements: .2 horses; 0 Jersey cows- 13
acres timber: generally level: party must fur.
nlsh bond: would sell tor $20,000.
fiend stamp for the largest and mjst diver-
sified printed list on the coast *
WHITE & BAYI.EY.
. ¦ Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st.. room 8.
Property Exchanges a Specialty.
$13. CCO— S3 seres San MateoCo,; all level and
beat of «oll; flue house. 10 rooms' barns-
plenty of water: stock and Implements in-
cluded; Improvements the very best
840 acres m.adow; all tillable: Shasta Co.:
fenced: good houses, barns; 3 laree itrean«
water; 15,000 acres Government land ad-
joining controlled by thin ranch- no b-tter
stock range. 1IEDEMARK & JACK CO 11
Montgomery "st . "
320 ACRES of fine agricultural Und In the
river district of Kern Co.. 12 miles from
Bakersfleld: this land surrounded by paylrz
ell wells, but never bored upon; Is all level
soil of the best, title absolutely perfect: on
.main road and adj. canal; make offer for tMs.
\Ad. box 1131. Call, for full particular.
$C000-One of the best 20-acre homes in Cali-
fornia; 14 acres full bearins orchard ami
vineyard; good buildings; near town- easy
terms; bargain. H. M. WOOLLEY, 230 Mont-
FOn J ar J ns * u™*"*- *r«ins and alfalfa tands.'
orchards and vineyards ard stock ranches
call on or send for catalosrue ROTHEm\iTrrl
fc CO.. 507 California et. San FrVnclsco.
AT a sacrifice — All or nay part 0/ 43 ...„.
cultivated isvel loam; adjoining Napa? on 7y
'rusr^ret^onv;?ch a nirr»
city or Oakland rroperty; clear - p c
;LASSEN * CO.. 48s Tenth st. Oakland; Call
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches or n,.-,,
vineyard,; inspected bar.atn.1 l 'montSI?^jSl
¦&*»**<??• c "¦ x^ on *»-sS:
9 ACRES of land; cottage house of 4 rooms:
c^AT\. c^ a p^:u aad "•»•• **
j jBgfJL ESTATg— CITY— 3POB 8A3*E. •
LYON jt HOAC, lia Montgomery sf
Send , for our minted list of property for
«al« In all sections of the city.
NEW. WESTERN \DDITJON RESIDENCE.
$8500— Easy] terms; . $20C0 ¦¦' cash, balance
monthly; 10 splendid large* rooms, reception hall,
hot air furnace, line basement, etc.; this house
Is beautiful '¦ in deslirn: commands excellent
vl*w8; accepted street; everything done: in-
terior finish unusually good; hardwood floors;
curly redwood In halls, etc: dining-room es-
pecially elaborate: take. Baight-st cars. get.
off at Scott st- and walk two blocks south to
Duboce ave.: house close to Duboce Park; open
dally for inspection between 11 and 4.
$4."iOO ; — Easy terms to small payment down; a
beautiful colonial cdnaKe near Devisadero st.
and, 'Duboce ave. : ' very r artlstic ; very ¦ modern ;
every convenience; flne large lot. 30 ft. front-
age; plenty of sun; only 2 blocks from Halght
street. . . . .
FLATS SOUTH OF MARKET.
$9000—3 flats on Bryant St., near 3d: 5-5-6 :
rocms and bath each; always rented; modern In 1
every respect .' , • - ; •
,$14,850— A' grand investment on Howard st,
east of inh; pays 0 per cent now, could be in-
creased; good imnrovements; see this at once;
will toon be sold. :'>' ¦'-¦
$5000— Presidio Heights residence; nice new
house; swell neighborhood; large lot; get per-
mit and see this at once.- - \ •
ELEGANT FLATS ON PRESIDIO HEIGHTS. |
$0250— Rents • $000 per annum; new, modern
flats; beamed ceilings; mahogany doors; street
bltuminized. •' -
$5000 — Rents $45; double house of 6 and 8
rooms and bath; also stable; large lot, 55 feet
frontare, near Market • and 16th; a bargain;
see this at once.
$275O— Cottage in - Mission; handy to two
lines of cars; 7 rooms and bath; modern; sta-
ble; 23x114.
•- MISSION FLATS— A BARGAIN,
?.*'. r >C0 — Two flats, 4 and 5 rooms and batb; lot
37x00, with 2 frontages: also stable; positively
the best buy on the market. ...
' ' FLATS NEAR DUBOCE PARK.
$7000— Two brand new flats, 5 rooms ana
bath qribh. near Duboce Park. These flats are
nicely finished and In a good neighborhood.
-•, .. LYON & HOAG. 11(1 Montgomery st.
GREAT BIO LOTS.
: EASY TERMS.
Near the station in Mill Valley. Why buy a
smali let In a poor neighborhood when you can
secure a fine large lot same 'distance from your
work, surrounded by desirable neighbors, splen*
did climate, fine water, schools, etc.? Call or
write for Illustrated booklet. ¦ prices, <tc.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
•': V SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
.; SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
NEW SUBDIVISION
NEW. SUBDIVISION
EASY TERMS
Th-f beautiful new block bounded by Duboce
ave..- Lrevlcadero, 14th and Castro sts.' la now
ready for sale. The streets are all made.
Devisadero st., Duboce ave. and 14th st are
sewered, bitumlnlsed and granite curbed.
Don't' delay. See this property at once.
Houses are already built or in course of
erection. A few. lots are already sold, so go
to-day and see the property and secure your
choice (there Is always a choice).
No property In the city so close to town for
the money. Lots twice the distance are selling |
for as much more. Remember they -command
fine views, as they are slightly elevated: the
hills to the west orotect It and make It 'the
warmest spot In" the city. ¦ Good neighborhood
and fine rarroundines. Near Duboce Park.
. Easy terms, ore-fifth cash, balance in 2,3
and 4 years, or will make them to suit you.
Take Haight-street cars, get off at Scott or
Devisadero st; land two blocks distant. Branch
Office on the property; open daily, including
Sundays, from 11 to 4. Don't delay.
LYON & HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market Street
$250 cash," balance $18 per month; cottage,
4 rooms and bath; on Vulcan st, near 17th
and Douglas; lot 25x100; a cozy home close
to the car line.
A REAL BARGAIN.
Must and Will Be Sold Immediately.
$12,000— Reduced from $15,000; 3 splendid
new modern Hats. leased at a very low rental
for $12UO per annum; lot 23x120; on Buchanan
street, not far -from Bush.
$2500— Lot 48x100; corner on Bryant at. Just
the r>lace for store . and flats; Improvements
properly planned will pay big; let us show
you how.
$10,000— Mason rt., nr. Broadway; 48:8x100;
7 flats: rents $1068; big value. ¦- ¦
$6800— Large lot, BOxSO; 4 good flats; rents
$714; Lexington. ave., near 15ih; always rented;
big value. - - ' . ¦ * .* ¦
$2100— Rents $300; rtore and 2 flats; close to
11th and Folsom ;. a splendid Investment.
¦ .- ; ; -: '- ."' a' SNAP, v -V-
$700 — Lot 25x114 feet: on Elizabeth st, be-
tween. Nc*» and Castroi .level and ready for
building; this, lot is 'actually worth $1100.
$4000 — Langton St., near Howard; 2-story
building, 14 rcoms, and 2-story bulldinir in
rear; new plumbing; rent $4S0.
$4000— Three fine flats; Vernon place, near
Third; rents $480.
$3000— Three good flats of 3, S, 6 rooms and
bath; rents $300; Gilbert st, near Bryant;
25x80. *
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
$8750 — Store, three flats; in excellent condi-
tion: on a.devmtecnth-st. corner, between Va-
lencia and Castro; this district is growing with
wonderful rau'.dity; large lot, 2SxlOO; rents
$870 per annum. . ' •
$6250— Two-fctory residence on Post st, near
Polk; lot 120 feet deep to rear itreet
$8700 — Two stores. 4 flats: In the business
portion of Pacific st. - The present rents, $934,
are- very low and can be greatly Increased.
Lot 48:6 f«et frontage. '
C. M. W008TER CO., 648 Market . street.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
CHOICE MISSION HOME. »
$6000 — 42 feet front: Liberty, near Guerrero;
well built house of 10 rooms and bath.
FRANKLIN-ST. FLATS.
$20,000— Franklin st. near O'Farrell; three
new, -sunny flats, renting for $170 per month.
¦ RAUSCH-8T. INCOME PROPERTY
. $5000 — Rausch St.. near Howard; improve-
ments consist of flat*, . renting for $51 per
month. «
NEW BRODERICK-8T. FLATS.
$9750— :i0xl03; Broderlck st. near Green; 2
substantially constructed new flats; Vnarlne
view; renting for $75 per month. .
. PROMINENT UNION-ST. CORNER.
$25,000 — Six ntw -flats.- of 6 rooms and bath
each, renting for $?CSS per annum.
BUSH-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY
- $30.0C0— 40:0x137:0: north line of- Bush st.
near Mason; improvements consist of a lodging,
house renting for $150 per month. •;-
LARKIN-ST. HOME.
$5000 — Larktn st. near Greenwich- Improve-
ments consist of house of S rooms and hath
rentins . for $25.
' FRANKLIN-ST. HOME.
- $20,<X!0— Franklin st. near Broadway: .30x
120: artistically finished house of 10 rooms and
bath: every modern convenience.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$0000 — Four new flats of 4 rooms and bath
eech; Flllmor?, near; Waller: renting for $S3
per month. •?.
' CORNER UNION AND MASON STS.
I $12,C0O — - 67:0x150 .to rear street; " Improve-
ments, store and flats; renting. for $S9 50.
W. J. GUNN, ¦¦•"¦•'..-•--¦¦ ~ ' .' . -
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
'¦ . ' -Savings Union Building.- 7
$S160-— Webster-jt. corner;. 23x100;. very cheap.'
$1700 — Unlon-st lot: 27:6x110: n. fine buy; en
• sunny side of straet; marine vlew-
$3100— Green st; ,34:4x137:0; grand marine
' - vlew. : • '
$980-each — Lots . 25x120; east side Eleventh
' ave., near Point Lobos ave.: street grad-
¦» i 'ed,' macadamized and sewered; lots ready
I ) for building; very cheap.
$-1230— Clement st. and .Twelfth ave. ; NE cor.;
• • 120x30. .
$3750— Clement st and Tenth ave.; 32:0x100. "
$1600— Greenwich; .27:6x137:6; sunny, side;
* ¦ marine view. '¦"„•••-- '. •-.--•
I PACIFIC ; HEIGHTS ' BUILDING A SITES,
WITH GRAND MARINE VIEW— $225 TO $250
PER FOOT. ~ ..
A : bargain ' on Pacific • Heights ; only $90 per
foot: 34:4x137:6.
W.:J. GUNN, '.-, . ...,.
-. B3O CALIFORNIA ST.
11300— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; high bas«m*nt; lot
.: 50x70; . Cortland ave. and Andover st.
$1400— Clipper and Church sts.; cottage of 4
¦ ..' rooms;, lot 30x114. .: .. .• ....>j,,\
$4000 — Cottage of 4 rooms; . high basement;
> '• stable;, rear; entrance; lot 30x117:6. ¦
$2700 — 2 .: houses, -. 1 * house . 3 ." rooms. Including
; grocery: 2d- house. 4 rooms, bath; 50x100.
- ;.'': JOSEPH STRAUB, t»0 Market st. ;
FOR sale-r Residence, 6. rooms, bath, servants'
room,- conservatory^ large basement; yard for
cow; - chicken '. hotise:.' 3 : minutes from :4 car
.. lints; l'-J blocks from park entrance; all as
V.good as, ne w ; onen to-day from 10:30. to 4.
650 6th a«B., bet > B and < C, Richmond Dlst.
AT i a' sacrlflce.' account" departure: '-. fine -home. ;
•Owner, iTWiAshbury, at,'. . - - .
TWO * level *' adjolninr r lets on "' Rlchland ¦ ave.,'
wax S&uth. li'itt Valencia «(. .
JUJ1N* I>. SIMII XIvlXS^. . ,
A<Jdre.*« Ct>rnr.)U3lcatlcn« to y
JOJIX 3fr.-yAt-GlIT. . ....... Ma»agcr
TV. .1. MAUTIX. . . .Uusfae*.s Manager
TCLEPHONE.
Ack for THE CALL. The Operator WIU Con-
nect You Wltli tiie Deparlmect You Wisb.
Publication Office Market and ThlM. £. F.
lCdlterUl noons 217 to 221 Stevenson «t
Delivered toy Carriers. 20 Cts. IVr W*ek, 7B
Cts. Per Mor-th. Single Copies 3 Ot».
Terms by Mail Inchidlns Pottage -C»i'i With
OrJer) :
DAILY CALL Unclurt. HnnUoy). 1' year. .88.00 ,
DAILY CALL (Incluu. Fur.day). « raos... 4.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Momli "5c ,
FUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL, 1 Ytor « «>
wywriTTrtw ( Dally. Per Year ICxtra
POSTAGE. 1 Weekly. 1.C0 Ter Y*nr Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO KECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS. ;
Cample Coslee v/ill be lorw&rded when rt-
¦ cientcd.
Well subscribers in ordering change of sd-
dr»»s thoul L be psrticulur to tflve toth r»H,w
AND OLD >DDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE: -
1C16 Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
S14S Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON "CORRESPONDENT:
EAUCEL W. WALL ...'..Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STAND:
Waldorf-Astoria Hot* I: A. BreaUno. 31
Vnlon Square: Murrey Hill Hotel; Fifta-avenuo
Hctel and HcCn-.an House.
CHICAGO KEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; V. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trercont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROONESS. MarQtiette Building.
<Lor( Distance Tclc-r.lione. "Central 2C19." )
NEW YORIC REPRESENTATIVE:
•TEPIXZN B. SillTH 30 Tribune liullding
NEW TORK COKRESPONDKNT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco Call,
ct-rner Market and Third streets, cpen until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1CC8 Market street, vrpcslte Fifth; open uatll
11 c. n.
t£7 Mor.tgemery rtreet, corner Clay; epea ur.tll
t):-i» p. rn.
SCO lint f rtrect; open until 0:30 p. ro.
C'W BSeAtUstcr ttrcet: cpen until v.'iO p. m.
t:15 ljirkln street; cpttx until 0:30 p. m.
i:>«I MiM-.icn itreet; oren until 10 p. m.
JW Klexcr.th *ire-»; epen until 0 p. ro.
ZfJ(j Vclencik. street; open until 8 p. m.
J»"«;rtheaet coru?r Cliurch and Duncan streets;
oprn until !> v. m.
2it«.> Filltnore ttreet; open until 9 p.m.
SEAL SSTATS—CITT-— 3POB SAXS.
erscK * eo..
UU! Montgomery street.
Real EsUte.
Sclllrg. Rents Collected,
L<:cm:»p. Insurance.
Htf.tHV — Nort!i of and clcse to Market st;
burinesc and office property; under
!c«**>; rays over «M,i per cent net; lot
JU.o«.'vj — A ntcndij corner; vicinity Larkln
nnd li-ary at*,; let 30x100. with im-
jiruvtnients; a decided bargain.
• K'.COt,— H20G ytnvly rent; lot 82x275, only
pattly improved; two frontages; can be
i» .1 !¦¦<•! lor (4U> jer month.
$£2.ZCC — A rim rn.iih.-ast corner on Flllmore
st.. «."t..s:Mi:,s of thre« storta and four
flats; !ot 45xV<0; a good buy.
$;i,'X'.>— SJiW yearly rent; $15,000 6 per cent
i/>:.k mortgage can remain; lot 50x
137:<>; splendid Investment.
<2t'.wKi — $1740 yearly rent; i'oik-st. business
r>i«jpfrt>-: larjte lot; a good buy.
$!",©<*»— SpU-ncid Mission income corner prop-
erty: store and fiats; rent $1600 yearly;
lot 5('x:i7:<5; only half improved.
Slo.^OC — CO feet frontage; C Eddy-st flats;
two-story and basement; rents $127 60.
$ir>.CC 1 » 1 — Superb new Western Addition flats,
lot ."0xlu7 f«t; rents $15^0 a year.
tli.fW — Three elegant new flats; rents $1440
annur.ily; vicinity Sutter and Flllmore
streets.
$3,50u — Ith-t-t. bargain; near Folsom; two
stores and fiat; lot 2Sx$0 feet; after
winning 4th, st. this property will
rtcdily command $15,000.
FSvCGO — (M0 yearly rent; two splendid flats
Brits K'-toot basement that could at
asaaU exriense be made Into flats; lot
blone worth $G000; two frontages.
JT.^.M) — Two fine Ellls-Et. flats; inside of
liuchanan St.; rent $S40 yearly; strictly
modern. ¦"*
$7,250— Two Bajres-ct. flats, 5 and 6 rooms
sind bath; lot 25x137:6; reduced from
**CU<J to effect Quick sale.
$C,CO<»— $^<)0 yearly rent; three flats In best
I-.i.-i of Richmond district; H block
lrom <Jolden Gate Park, all In first-class
condition; could not be duplicated for
f^'ifi; a decided bargain.
IG.COO— Inccaie $«M5 a y^ar; 6 flats 1 block
from Hibernia Bank and H block from
new Po6toiflce. -
$5.500— Paying 12 per cent under lease; tm-
prf-vercents new and modern; store and
flaU: couth of and close to Market st
and ea«t of 5th st.
$2,V*> — T*o Mission (.warm belt) flats near
ICth St.; monthly Income $40.
RESIDENCES.
$1W,OCO— Palatial home. 25 rooms and 10
baths; no finer residence In Sen Fran-
cl«co; corner lot; l(K)xl3O; will accept
P3i*1 real estate as part payment.
$00,CCO — Slxtten rooms and baths; mahogany
xvuodwcrk throughout; ever}* possible
convenience; lot 125x137:6 feet; unsur-
parseU panoramic view; lmprovemenU
cwt $75,000.
$17, £30 — Pacific Heights home: north side and
marine view; lot 48x137:6.
$14,500 — Cl&y-ct. residence near Gough; north
side; 12 rocnu and baths; delightful
eite; lot 2»xl2« feet.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35.000 — Northwest corner, unsurpassed ma-
rlno vtew; 137:6x129 feet; three front-
acres; choicest residence section of San
Francisco.
$7.000 — Beautiful marine view tot north side
Broadway, near Octavia: 27x137:0; re-
duced price for quick sale.
$6,730 — *>0xl37:6; rplendld residence site. Pa-
ciric Heights, north aide ef street
$4,000— Market St.. 25x100; clcse to coming
business section.
I3.5C0— «0xl25; Masonlc-ave. lot; splendid
piece.
SPECK St CO..
203 MONTGOMERY ST..
Opposite Mills building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We Lead In Sales of Ooeansld* Lotst Why?
Choice et Location*! Lowest Prices! Mildest
Climate.
Don't Him This Golden Oppport unity*. '
$300 to $1200— Graded ready tor building.
Splenfild view of ocean from every lot
Nothing like It in this cUyt All bargains!
Easy terms!
$100 to $SCO— Near park and oeean; $3 monthly
- Oceanslde fcranch office, corner H st and
47th ave.: also corner Oth ave. boulevard and
K st Open Sundays.
ISOO to $1209— Choicest Suaset lots; $10 monthly
$300 to $1000 — Cheapest Richmond lots and
n%ar Spreekehi Lake and park; on installments.
$U>0 to $400 — Level Excelsior Homestead
lots; f3 monthly.
$100 tr $4000— Modem cottages ta Sunset
Richmond. Oceanctde and Excelsior Homestead.
Low rrrice*'. Easy terms'. . • -•¦ ¦ —.-..-
SOL GK.'1'Z tt SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, Chronicle .JBu tiding. ..
POINT RICHMOND,
Comlnz Manufacturing Center of the West.
GREAT RAILROAD CENTER.
IF YOU WANT TO MAKE MONET
BUY A LOT NOW.
SANTA FK THACT IS THE BEST.
. LOTS LEVEL. - $3 MONTHLY.
McITVVijN BROS.. IIS Mcntaromery st,
Sole Arents. . .... ..-
$4000— Rents $3S: big bargain tn flats tn Mls-
ilcn: on Sancbex st: owner anxious to
McEWEN BBOE.. 1 IS Montgomery st
OCEAN VIEW HOME; must be sold; large lot
S0x200: only on* block from cars.
ilcEWEN BROS.. US Montgotaery tt.
$1230— Lot 50x120. with 3-room cottase; well
fumlrbed: near Point Lobos ave. i cars con-
i-'clat: rent $13 per month: $550 cash, bal-
occe $10 per month. 027 Market room 300.
WE have some *r?eia! bargains ta cjty prop-
erty; elso homes on eaty terms tn Berkeley
and AlairxNla. Call or send for what you
want KOTHESMEL & CO.. SOT California.
FOR tale — Elegant flats^ hardwood finleh; beam
ceUUass: all modern . Improvements; •• large
lot*: make offer: 625-C27-C31-033 Frederick.
SAM CLAS8. builder. 4S4 Frederick «t •
BANK property at auction. 6tpt IT. T:20
p. m.: coUaavs and vacant ¦ lots . tn i the Mis-
sion: I-' cith. Imli-nce easy terms. . '-
D. COr>IN. MiMlon. bet 21st and 22d.
B2AL rSTATE-^<nTT-i-rOB BASST
C. K; UMBSEN & CO. ;n Montgomery st.
' '. INVESTMENTS. ¦ - — '
$;7,CC0— Biulr.»M property oti Mission nr. lfith
i>t.: Improvements con*i«t>ot u«od feulld.
: tn? lontalning storts and Hats . all In
I fs.>o«l order; brick- foundation, etc.: lot
kl 40x57:0. . .
] $.t.5Gu— H.-nt» tSid per annum; und-r lease;
Polk st.; business projierty, btore and
- livine; roorf.s and flat of 5 rooms and
"bath; lot 31:S*£>ft. front
$4,CW-.gnap; Mission Investment; store and
flat of 5 rooms.. In good business loca-
tion; 27x104. ¦ -. :\ '
I ¦ : FLATS. • •
$17.000— Rents $2100 per annum: 0 nicely ecn-
ttmcted flat* in the Mission of 3 rooms
ar.d bath each; new and modern In ev-
er)' particular: bay windows, bricfc foun-
dation, street work done; one of the best
. renting districts in the- Mission.' ¦ -
$10, COO — R»nt ?IO5O per annum; Noe st. near
,13th; 3 new flats of 0 rooms and bath
«arh: 25x125, Irreg. . . 4
$$,C0O— Rente ?73«« per annum, which ere low;
splendid Mission bargain; Sanchcx street
clo*e to Market st ; improvements Von-
¦ sit t of 3 flats of «» rooms and Uath each:
lot KxIOO. - - ¦ ¦ •
$7.250— Rctfuecd from S7500; rents $720 per
annum; a chert distance from Market
' rt. ; .Improvements ennxi&t oi 2 flats and
2 cottapcr: let has 2 frontages. '¦ •:
$6,250— Only $1500 cash: 2 new corner flats.
Richmond dUtriet. close In;. 6-6 rooms,
and bath ecch; balance can. remain on
mortgage. ' ¦ ,". " ' " ¦ •- .
S5.6C0— Rent* $022 per annum: Foleora st.
near 16th; 2 new flats of 5-t rooms and
M>ath each; hidr basement etc.; lot
2*sl22. ; '
$4,750 — Rents $510 per annum: Mission flats
of 5-G room* and bath; Treat ave.. run-
ning through to rear street; stable on,
rear frcntare.
$4,U3> — Rents $432 per annum; close to Valen-
cia and Uth sts.: 2 desirable bay-win-
dow flats of -5-4. rooms and bath each;
re-nts are low; 25x77:6.
$3,400 — Rents $360 per annum; in. the warm
- -belt of the Mission; 2 modern bay-win-
dow flats of 4-3 rooms and bath each. -
For further particulars of the above and for
the Rfnl Estate Record, containing a llet of
propert'.es for tale In all parts of the city,
inquire at err office. • ..
G. H." U1IB8EN & CO..
20 Montgomery st, '
Real Est&te Agents and Auctioneers.
EONNTAG BROTHERS.
REAL ESTATE BROKERS, 232 MONTGOM-
ERY ST. • ¦ ¦
$15,000 — 3 new end elegantly built flats, pay-
ing $1530 p*r year, having a fine vtew
of the park: the arrangement of rooms
and finish is complete in every detail;
Haljflit st.
$13, CCO — A fine piece of business property on
Flllmore st; at present the rentals are
$1CSO p*r year, which can be easily In-
creased after present lease expires; a
fine cbar.ee for permanent Investment.
$9.650 — Three new. elegant flats on De Long
ave.. containing 0, 6 and 7 'rooms each
with bath; rentals $1200 per year.
{9.250 — A splendid corner on Eighteenth st:
3 fine fi.-vts, constructed In most- modern
manner and complete In ' every detail;
rents ?030 per year; a growing neigh-
borhood. . - .
$5,250 — A fine, modern cottage on Colllngwood
st.; 4 rooms and bath, with grounds
upon which coqld he erected ' flats net-
ting a tplendld revenue.
A number of pretty cottages and houses in
the Mission at most reasonable price*. One on
Treat ave., 4 rcoms and bath; $3250; Jersey st,
C rooms and bath, $3500; two cottages on
Twenty-second st. ?^S5O apiece, easy pay-
ments; a house on Twenty-fifth st., 6 rooms
and bath; $4650; a house on Rlpley st, H
rooms and bath, big grounds. $4100; San Carlos
ave., 6 rooms and bath, $3000. Full particu-
lars at office.
MISSION LOTS. .
We have a fine line of lots located in every
rortion of the Mission. If you want to -build
we can Fubmlt you an attractive list
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
Herewith is a partial list of lots located as
follows:
Fine marine view lots, on the corner of
Green and Webster sts.
Vallejo et.. west of Stelner .
Jackson st, west of Devisadero. .
Union st., east of Pierce.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post Street.
$5,000— Castro st. near Market: store with
living rooms and flat of 6 rooms and
bath above: in business center; " rents
for $42 50 per month; Investigate this.
$25,000 — Vicinity of Union and Van Ness ave.;
6 elegant new fiats of 6 rocms and bath
-each; unsurpassed marine view; 'rent
for $200 per month.
$2.750— 24th st. near Douglass; nice cottage
of 5 rooms and bath; rents for $20 mo.
$10,500 — Masonic ave., near Page; 2 flats, with
finished basement and -attic; rents for
*SS per month. - ¦
$4,250 — Stanyan St., near the Park; 2-story
house of 0 room*' and batb; rents for
$35 per month. " If you are looking for
a home; see thfe. •
$41,000— Pine c-t', not far from Van 'Ness ave.;
elegant new apartment house; rents for
$365 per month. -
$5,800 — Oak St.. near Laguna : 2 flats of 5 and
C rooms and bath; rent for $47 50 per
month. This Is a bargain and must
be cold. '¦• ....
$13,500— Folsom * St., near 5th; right In tbe
- heart of a business center; 2 stores and
12 rooms above and 2 flats on Shipley
st: rents for $104 per month.
$4,000— Jones *t. near Broadway; 3 flats of
4, 4 and 5 rooms; rents for $3U per
month. This Is an opportunity.
$5.500— Baker iU. near California; nice cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath: tunny eide.
desirable location: lot 20x106:3.
$30,000 — 1-Uh-st. corner; 12 new modern flats
of 3 room* and bath each; rents for
$313 50 per month; sunny side; pleasant
location.
$7,000 — Paelfic-st corner; 2 stores and 2 flats
nf 0 and 6 rooms and bath; business lo-
catlon; lot 88:6x77. Lii_
CENTER & SPADER . - .. -
U Montgomery st, Lick House Block.
$40,000— Bush st, close to Kearny; 4-etory
brick: large basement, sidewalk eleva-
tor, etc.; rents $225,. • ¦ '"¦
$23,000— Pine st. near Gough; choice Invest-
ment; 5 flats, Just completed; rents $200;
lot 27:6x120; two frontages.
$15,5C0— Rent $126; Geary et, near Laguna; 3
new flats; 7 rooms In each; lot 27x87.
$11.000 — Stelner st, near McAllister; two new
up-to-date flats; rents $85; lot 25x108.
J 15,500 — Fulton st.. inside Gough; three modern
Cat*. C-7-7 rooms, and 2-story house, 6
rooms; rents $115; lot 27x131. ,"
$5,750— Northeast corner Fifteenth St., near
- Mission; store, flat and 2-story house;
rents $52 50; lot 25x00. ¦
$2.750— Bargain; Eighteenth st. near Noe;
. modern 2 flats; upper, flat 6 rooms. and
bath; lower flat unfinished: lot 25x114.
$6,230 — Snap; 2-story hotel; 31 rooms; office,
¦ dining-room, large kitchen, etc.; lot 43x
100; close to Mtssicn and Twenty-sixth.
$8,800— $39 rent; four well-built flats, on Ship-
ley, st.: near Sixth; lqt 25x75.
$7.C00 — Four modern flats of 5 rooms each, on
Twentieth bt. near Noe; large lot, 80x
$8,650 — Rents $45; 2 flats on Twenty .second.'
near Guerrero; 3 and 8 rooms, baths and
basement; lot . 25x114. -' . . ¦
• • CENTER * SPADER.
HOAG A LAN8DALE. ~~ ~~ 7 "
108 Montgomery st.
Telephone Main 78.
$21,000 — On Pacific Heights: north side of
r,.. -street: 3-story, residence; lot 60x137:6;
containing- 15 rooms, finished in ma-
hogany, oak and other hard woods; un-
obstructed marine view.
$8,000 — New, artistic residence being built
near the park; 60- foot corner lot: be
sure and see it .
$13,500— Washington -et: 8 flats, 7 rooms each;
rents $123; lot 25x102 feet; reduced from
$13,000.
$3,000 — Caselli ave., near Eighteenth st.; cot-
tase. &' rooms; lot 60x121 feet; offer
wanted. " ;
$4,600— Hill at; new 7-rcora house; lot -23z
123. ¦ ¦-¦- ' . '¦ - .
. $*00 — A snap, - on • Point Lobos ave. : fine
marine view; easy terms;- a bargain.
$8,500 — Sunny side of Clay, near Baker; resi-
dence of 9 rooms; lot 23x105; owner
anxious to sell. . <
$10,600— Reduced from $11,000: biggest bargain
tn the city; 3 new fine built flats; lower
and middle flat leased 2 yean; total rent
$100; owner must sell; get particulars
at once; don't miss this chance.
- HOAG - tL LANSDALE,
108 Montgomery st, - . - • ' - .
Telephone Main 78.
W. B, McGERRY & CO.j ™ .. .-•. ;
V ' 230 Bush tt, Mills Building.
(7290— Hyde, near Sutter; two rood flats.
$8000— 15th st.:. three good flats. 4-6-6 rooms
and bath: lot 23x100; - porcelain bath;
brick foundation.
$4000 — Diamond, near 18th; «-roora cottage;
porcelain bath;. lot 33x125; very cheap.
$7500— Four new flats; rents $1000 per year;
Mission warm belt.
$3000 — Noe st: beautiful 6-room cottage; make
offer: must sell. . . •
1 $2800— Army, near- Church st; fine fire-room
eottaxe; stationary wash -tubs; 7-foot
basement . ' - m • ' . ¦ ¦
$9000— Capp st. near 18th; two fine flats. 3-6
. rooms, and a 7-room house; lot 45x1X2:6;
great bargain. «9*9MSP | $i!At
$4200— Stockton st: two-rtory house r of 6
rooms; two oak' mantels: 'one- gas. 'and*
. coal grate; "-two years built: ¦ a positive
bargain. ¦ . ¦
$C250— Larkln st; two' fine flats, 4 and -K
rooms and bath: Iot'30xl37:0; cheap. ¦¦- -• .
$7*00— GOOD lnvt'tments tn Mission: new 3-
flat bulldtnrs. 0 rooms and bath. each: two
' frontaaje*; rents 9870 per annum: fruaranteed;
• will fear > Investigation. HENRY FEIGE.
Builder and Owner. IOCS Ctpp st. ..-. ..
, BEAUTY of a new three -flat building for sale;
corner of Eighteenth and Dlmond sts., Ad-
dres» P: CONDON, builder, 220H Fulton st.
13V4 PER cent.oncath Investment -$4250; new
income property; bargain. - Box 1361,' Call. '
SAGE. DEALEY & CO.,
. 638 Market st.
$45,000— 07 :6xl."7:« on the north line of Bread-
way, nr. Broderlck; 'unsurpassed marine
view; In close proximity to the Presidio gate:
" smaller" frontage can be had at the same
ratio.
$40,000— Rents $-1078- per annum; flnist busi-
ness corner north of Market; stores and flats;
extremely larre lot.
$18,500— Six substantial flats: permsnently
rented at $18C0 per annum; this Is a safe ln-
- vestment and worthy of Investigation.
$18,500—63 feet through to a rear streat on
Post. nr. Lamina; 5 buildings thereon rent-
ing for $147 50 per month.
$12,500—3 magnificen fiat*, renting for $107 50
per mo..- on Asbury st, nr. Park Panhandle;
G rooms and porcelain bath; 2 toilets; 2 sub-
stantial wash trays in each flat; a revelation
in architecture; should be ssen to be appre-
ciateed.
$12,500—3 magnificent flats, renting for $^07 50
the Park Panhandle: 6. 7. 7 rooms; built
seven months; rents $1200 per annum; mort-
gage of $3000 can remain.
$12.000— Downtown Investment on. Powell st.
nr. Bush; the only lot for sale In this block;
improvements nominal. *
$10,000— Devlsadero-rst ; business Investment;
store and flats renting for $S0 per mo.; no
street in the Western Addition has the as-
sured future of Devisadero st
$0760— McAllister st, nr. Gough; 23x137:9;
house of S rooms and bath.
$0300—2 beautiful flats of 7 rooms and bath;
large basement; thoroughly modern; rents
$77 30 per mo. ; Waller, nr. Clayton!
$0000— 3 flats on Jaekson st., nr. Baker: rent-
Ing for $75 per month: no reasonable offer re-
fused: owner must sell.
$7000— Western Addition residence of 9 rooms
and bath; fine stable In rear; mortgage $3000.
$7000— (10x145 feet: en Folsom St., nr. 20th:
large 10-room residence; stable with 7 stalls;
windmill etc. "
$6750—40x120 feet through to a rear street: on
Chestnut st. nr. Kearny; 2 well-built houses
thereon of 8-9 rooms and bath; stone bulk-
head; a positive sacrifice.
$6200— A Mission business corner, consisting of
grocery, butcher shop, stable, beautiful flat
of -5 rooms and porcelain bath; new flush
toilets: modern In every respect; rent $56 mo.
$5000—2 beautiful flats In the Richmond dis-
trict; mortgage $2500 can remain.
$4000— Cottage of 7 rooms and porcelain bath;
artistically planned: absolutely new and mod-
ern; gas grates; wooden mantels, tiled sinks;
can b« purchased for $1000 caeh; balance easy
terms.
$5000^ — t tenement flats of 4, 4, 5 rooms; rents
$38 psr month; permanently rented; situated
on small street nr. Montgomery av.
$2«00— New 5-rocm cottage on S. E. cor. of
Edinburgh and Brazil sts.; Mlsslon-st. car
line; can be bought on easy terms.
i $1100— Beautifully situated building lot on
! " Chestnut st, east of Fillmore; 21:6x137:6;
I nominal improvements thereon; this is a pos-
j ltlve sacrifice; should be taken advantage of
I Immediately.
SAGE. DEALEY & CO..
63S Market st
MARION GRIFFIN.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
Room 406, Examiner Building.
COTTAGE HOME. *'"'<££
A beautiful, almost new cottage of six rooms
and bath: 1 block from Mlsslon-st car line;
street graded and sewered; cheap at $3000;
on account of immediate departure of owner
place will be sacrificed at any reasonable
offer.
$4250— Just completed: a beautiful new house;
7 large airy rooms; reception hall In natural
wood: 3 large brick fireplaces; one of San
Francisco's most' unique and comfortable
homes; £ block from G. G. Park; this place
is worthy your immediate Investigation.
$2750^ — Two well built small flats; 3 rooms and
bath each; rented for $24 per month; small
payment down, balance to be paid from ren-
tal of house; 1 block from 2 car lines and
fine new schoolhouse.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$1300 — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath; cor. lot.
$1750— Ten fine building lots.
Are you tired of paylnk rent?
Do you own a lot In San .Francisco?
Come and have a talk with us.
Build according to your cwn plans.
Remember,
. Alakes
Difference
Is
Worth.
If you want a house built
¦ on your lot
' come and see
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 • Examiner Building.
OSCAR HEYMAN and
JACOB HEYMAN COMPANY,
14 POST STREET.
If you pay rent, why not pay monthly on
your own home? Look at the following houses
and see what a fine home you can get for
your rent money.
$25 per month — New, modern 5-room cottage
on Vermont and 25th sts. ; only 1 block from
24th st; electric cars; warm, healthful loca-
tion; no winds and fogs.
NO. 837 ALVARADO STREET.
$25 per month — Fine .. new 5-room and bath
cottage; large lot; 37:6x118, with room for sta-
ble, drivewav. etc.
We have lots In various parts of the city,
on which we will build to suit Call for list.
LOTS NEAR THE OCEAN BOULEVARD.
LOTS NEAR THE OCEAN BOULEVARD.
$5C0 each — Level lots on 48th ave.; only 100
feet from the boulevard.
$450 each — Lots on 47th ave., near the bou-
levard .
$3UO each — Lots on 46th ave., near the bou-
levard. ¦ - ¦ - *
$100 each — Lots nr. the Oceanslde House.
RICHMOND LOTS.
Cheap lots on 23d ave.. nr. Fulton st; close
to tbe Park; fine marine view.
RICHMOND FLATS.
Two newly built flats on California st. 4-3
rm. ; easy terms; will net 12 per cent per an-'
num.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
New dwelling of S-rm.; finished basement;
attic; east and west exposures; everything In
fine condition; easy terms if desired.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 POST ST.
THE festivities are over, and It behooves us
to settle down to business again. Three
houses are being finished by us now. and we
.will start the erection of four more, this
week. The construction of the buildings we
. are erecting are the ' best recommendation
we can get; will take pleasure to show
. them to you. Let us build for you, also, and
thus free , you from the everlasting annoy-
ance and worry of paying rent Our lots
are in. various desirable localities. We are
constantly adding to our holdings, as our
business le on a steady Increase. You will
be benefited by consulting us for terms. We
sell as cheap on the Installment plan as oth-
ers do for cash.
WEISSBEIN BROS. & CO.,
. HOME PROVIDERS,
616 SACRAMENTO ST.
ONLT A FBV-'LEFt!
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots tn tbe Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on street
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mlsclon-st electric cars: secure on* at aa
Investment and by the time It Is paid for It
will have doubled In value tbe way prices
have advanced during the past "year; buy-
now before prices become prohibitive ta tju
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. r.' ?. Phew Main 370*.
ATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
' r. ,,, OT ; }IALOT IN CALIFORNIA
- The California termlnuq of the Santa Fe
Railroad and the Standard Oil Company Is at
Richmond, just across the bay from San
Francisco. The*e corporations, with the
Southern Pacific Company, are spendln 5
I millions of dollars there, making It the sreat
manufacturing city of the West. Make
money.
. LOTS $5 PKR MONTH.' ¦
, Call or send for free mape.
R1CHMOXD LAND CO.. Crocker Wig.. S. F.
LOTS $250: $10 down. $5 month: Castro and
Twenty-sixth sts.; fewer and water In street.
, Call 4192 Army it., near Castro; cheapest
lots In cltv. . .
LOT 25x100. la the Mission district; Investi-
gate before "it is too late; next year it may
be $1000. Box 1288. Call office.
$2100— SEVEN lots; 25x125; grand view; no
better. chance fcr Investment In the city to-
day. - Box 1*^3, Call office. •
$S00fl — 3 new flats. 4-4-6 rooms; 4 -room cottage
•and barn: corner lot. 25x114; rsnt $SJ. Owner
; 208 Vicksburs st, near Twenty-fourth. '
A $2000 HOME built to suit you, lot Included
any location, on $1 25 psr week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
FOR sale — Modern flaU ; 318 and 540 Noe st. •
part cash; • \ ¦ ; \
ALL 'work guaranteed : first class by AHI
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 838 Howard £
A^BRANCH office of The. r mi for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened. at 1008 Market st. opposiu
. Fifth.; Open until U p. m, "^ *: ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ • ' ¦:¦.,¦¦•¦..¦ ¦ ¦: )\
THE . SAN FRANCISCO 7.CALL, SUNDAY; SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
41
OAKLAgD VBAX* ESTATB.
LA YM ANCE, REAL ESTATE.'
4CO-402 Eighth St.. Oakland.
(3850— Nearly 4 acres. ' f ronttnsr Ban Leandro
electric road; outskirts of Fruitvale; stors,
5-room flat; Insured (2500; subdivide into
36 lots; bound to double; snap.
(7230— Extra fine Lakeside residence; 9 looms;
adjoins (25.000 mansion: 4 blocks to bank-
ing center; most modern homst la tola
vicinity. •••
FORCnrQ SALE.
(7300— Large housa. 0 rooms; 150x140: tld.Oto
once loaned on this; overlooks Lake Mer-
rltt: easy walk to Broadway; must b*
sold.
(40 foot — Extra cholcs lot. 73x144; fins promi-
nence; near Prospect and Telegraph avs.
(8500— Fine residence. 8 rooms; Shakespearean
architecture; commanding view; tsrraes
50x125; one of choicest horns on f> « tr T» T "*
Heights. • ,. - -.' . - ¦•
(4000— Modern fiats. 5 rooms and bath; $230»
mortgage; pay 14 per cent; nice location;
close In; must be sacrificed.
$3000— Factory site. SOxlOO; 2 cottages; rent
(24; near railroad and water front.
(2700— Modern cottage. (V and bath; basement;
4 blocks from new post of flee.
(2500 — 10-room house; fcr 2 families; pays Is
per cent net; near Fortieth-st. station.
(2350 — Pretty cottage 5 and bath; gas, ' man-
tel, gas grats;. basement; cement wallci;
30x128; 10 minutes to Key Route; Linda
Vista. ,
$2250 — Fine modern csttag* ¦ (Quean Asae). - 6
and bath; street work complete,: £3x129:
5 minutes* walk to Fortieth aad Ban Pab-
lo; bargain.
(2100— Modern cottag*. 5 and bath, basement;
electricity: 37:6x133: street complete;
near 6. P. and Key. RouU stations; easy
terms. ' .
(1830— Modern cottag-. 5 and bath, basement;
comer. 30x140; near locals; bargain.
(1800— Modern l^-story cottage. 6 and bath:
37:6x113; leased (13 month; near car
lines.
(1250 — Cottage, • rooms; Fourth and Brush.
(1060— Neat cottage. 4 rocms; 40x100; city wa-
ter: near Fruitvale ave.: easy terms.
(7C0— Cottage. 3 rooms; ' 36 feet frontage;
street complete: near Twenty- ninth st.
LtAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4G0-462 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
capitalists. ATTErmosn •
NE COR. SAN PABLO AVE. AND EIGHT-
'- . EENTH ST.
We have, after much negotiating, an exclu-
sive authorization to sell the above fine business
lot, the only unimproved corner lnsida of
Twentieth at. on San Pablo ave., the coming
Market street of Oakland: business all around
It; opposite 4-story hotel; one block between
this and the new blocka of A. A. Moore, the
well-known attorney, and Capitalist George W.
McNear's new block Just finished; lust north
of Banker Henshaw's famous deal; 3 blocks
of Capitalist Henry Butters* new block.- built
4 months ago. and now being torn down and
made larger on account of Increased business;
San Pablo ave. is tho street; ¦ esk any one;
ask the business people on the street: walk
down the street and see for yourself; and when
such well-known financiers ' put their money
here there is no element * of ' chance • In tnls
Investment: the price is (200 per foot below
adjoining values, and nothing for sale.
INVESTIGATE AT ONCE
— — BUY WHILE YOU CAN GET IT
EXCLUSIVE BALES AGENTS .
LA YM ANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460 and 462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
EAST TERMS— PRICE MODERATE
FOR A
Strictly modern 7-room home, containing finest
aanitary plumbing; combination gas and elec-
tric fixtures; swell birdseye mapla mantel: fuel
gas main; every room sunny; large terraced
lot In lawn; ample room for driveway and
stable; between Grove street and Telegraph
ave.. facing boulevarded street; th« moat com-
plete In the city; 35 minutes via Key route to
San Francisco: location exceptionally dry and
'thermal Remember Telegraph ave. is soon to
be bitumlnized to Fortieth st., increasing con-
tiguous values; 543 37th St.; key at owner's,
667 37th st..- or at
HARRY L. HOLCOMB'S offloe,
314 San Pablo ave., Oakland, CaL
' C7Tbo above horns ready for Immediate
occupancy.
ONLY (50 per front foot; several elegant resi-
dence lots on the boulevard, facing Laka
* Merrltt: several elegant homes constructed
this year and more in the course of erection:
over 700 feet already sold; get la before it
Is all gone.
J. H. MACDONALD * CO..
'1032 Broadway.
TO lease for a term of years a lot 73x100.
within Vi block of Broadway; good location
for apartment-house or stores. For particu-
lars apply to
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway. Oakland.
LOOK AT THESE.
ONLY A FEW SAMPLES.
9750— North side 30th. closa to Telegraph.
(800—75x100: East Oakland Heights.
(1000—23x100; north side, closa to Grove st.
(1650— 50x125; 4-room cottage; good.
(2750—30x123: large 8-room house on Mar-
ket st; all right.
(3200 — 7 rooms; modern; 26th st.
CALL AND SEE.
JAS. S.. NAISMITH.
634 THIRTEENTH ST.
•
F. T. PORTER.
466 Elrhth st.
(3000 — 12-room modern housa; barn and car-
riage house; large lot; an Ideal horns;
near 2Sth and Teiegraph.
(2750 — A desirable corner on West sl: stor«
below; 4-rotim flat above; always rented.
A desirable Investment.. . '
(2000 — New 6-room cottage, near San Pablo
and 53th; Just a little money down; bal-
ance like rent.
F. F. PORTER.
466 Elrhtb st.
MUST SELL AT ONCE.
A" SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
Four cottages of 5 rooms each; lot 100x100;
near 40th-st. Key Route; (3100; bank mort-
gage (2200; Investigate this.
(2100 — A modern 2-story housa of 6 rooms;
lot 40x116; all street work dons; one block t»
E. O. Key Routs line.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
.,:.,. ' . ... I03S Broadway.
<
MIST BS* SOLD.
' Linda Vista terrace; that fine lot ea Mor.ta
Vista ave. east of Oakland are.; 60xl2S; will
be sold for (1700: this Is the very best lot ever
offered for this low price In this charming lo-
cation; se« it at once. • .
JAMES S. NAISMITH,
534 Thirteenth st
(3500— DOWNTOWN, handy to Broadway,
choice, neighborhood on 10th st., I near - th»
park; 8 rooms, bath: in good condition; brick
foundation: lot 27x100. " ,
(S5U— 33d. near Market;, colonial house; 9
rooms, bath; all modern; lot 33x100; very
sunny: a bargain; easy terms If desired.
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
(2SS0 — THE prettiest Queen Anna Gothlo house,
containing six rooms, all tinted and frescoeti,
latest op«p and nickel plumbing; gas fixture*
and electricity; large lot; near schools an4
Key, route station; it Is a beauty and a bar*
gain and the terms are- easy; to sea It meant
to buy It: owner must selL J. S. MY ERA
1002 Broadway." Oakland. __^
THIS COTTAGE MUST BE SOLD.
-.An attractive, sunny, modern cottage, flvs
rooms; i>orcelaln bath and sink: gaa fixtures,
etc.: east frontage"; lot 45x100; 3759 Silver St..
between Broadway and Telegraph, near Moss
ave.: -four minutes'-. walk to Key route: tha
price has been reduced from (2100 to (1930 for
immediate sale. ¦ - *
(250 CASH— (10 monthly: 1« lots 200x200; mor»
land can be had adjoining at same price: Al
sandy loam soil: nice growth of full bearing
¦assorted fruit trees; 2 springs on land; an
Ideal location; near electric cars; opposita
public school; homes surrounding: full prlca
for all $550: by all means sea this at once.
Call or send for circular, 453 7th St.. opp.
Broadway station. Oakland. Carriage free,
.uroaaw*, •«» H - JONE g # Laiul Owner.
DESIRABLE lot near KeyRout* station: rea-
sonable. Address box 1383. Call offlca, Oak-
land. • ' '
For Additional Clajwlfled AdTCrtlse-
,. ; . ments See Pafio" 43.
&EAI. ESTATE— COTTHTBT— Tot Sale.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value for graxlng — ra*t tracts
suUabl* for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone tor grazing, but for timber, ag-
riculture, oil. mineral* or town sites. We hav*
zcany tracts where frost never occurs, W«
taave many valuable pasture lands wher* grs>a
caxtle are fat la April, when beef commands
the tUr tt»t price.
Ws hav* business property that win pay •
per cent net on coat for five or tea years' lease.
We hav* residences up to date, in the land of
the lemon, oracge. sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beaattful orchard homes In
the famed Santa Clara Viiiey. near th* Garden
City of California, Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches. I
TFs can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10.000 head of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W. COK * CO.. • ''';
Real Estate. Cattle and Loans,
TO-?* AUMrais bldg-. S«n Jose. Cat
LTON * HOAG. Country Department
UC Montrwnery St., San Francisco.
A choice list of country property at attrac-
tive prices; the fanous Moultoo. ranch, the
richest of Sacramento Valley land, adapted to
fruit, both citrous and deciduous, alfalfa, etc..
In sizes to suit, from $35 to $75 an acre: hun-
dreds of acres of fertile and level land within
fiftv miles of San Francisco at moderate
prices; the finest orchards In the heart of th«
WataooviUe apple belt; cattle ranchea. small
and large; beautiful suburban homes; choice
unimproved Berkeley property; these are
slmj>!y samples; now that you are here why
not look lots the proposition of a beautiful
California home.
(1900 — 12-ACXUS chioi.cn ranch. 4 miles from !
Watson vllle. on main county road; good j
4-room house and large barn; big live
oak tree between house and bam; 2 liv- '
ing epricg5; family orchard, consisting of ,
apple, walnut, cherry, prune trees and '
blackberries; or.e ot the. finest places for '
a home in the valley.
$2900 — 53 acres of land, bouse and barn: large •
spring on place: 7 miles from Watson- !
vllle. on county road; fine place for stock i
sxd fowls; this is a bargain; easy terms. I
A- A. -M- Co. :
A GOOD HOME FOR LITTLE MONEY.
28 acres of black loam land, situated in th* ,
famous Pajaro Valley, the celebrated apple |
producing district of the western elope, ftanta
< ruz County — 10UO apple trees, half Newtown
Pippins and Bellflower, now commencing to
bear; balance of tract is planted to peas, po- |
tatoes. corn; all kinds of garden truck: im- I
provements consist of good barn and dwelling.
all well fenced; a stream "runs through the
tract. For further r>«rtU:ulars of sale apply
GAFFET &. MAHON. 11 Montgomery st.
FOOTHrLI. fruit rant'u. 4 miles from Wat-
sonvllle and 3 miles from railroad station;
112 acres, consisting of 20O> apple. 1000
prune and 700 apricot trees, all in full bear-
leg; land all cleared and tillable, excepting
& acres in oak timber; part of land now in j
grain and potatoes; dwelling and barn; i
er>riRr water piped to dwelline: family or- i
chard, assorted fruits: Ihe cheapest fruit '
ranch in th* Pajaro Va'.ley; price $7500; will ;
*ak« Vj cash. Address box 536, Watsonville, ;
Cal. ' |
(SO.000— 1000 ACHES of choice fruit, table or !
wine graj>e land; suitable for subdividing. i
S40GO--1CO ac.-ts <X choice fruit, tabJe or ;
. wine rrape land. 6 rr.lles east of Gait: Vj '
down, tlrr.e to suit on balance. This would !
be a fi:ie place to subdivide.
$5C0— 10 acres choice fruit, table or wine
rtape land In the WhJtaker & Ray colony. ,
facramento Co. Also small pieces of land •
that would make fine chiclien ranches.
$50 t>er acre; corn, bean and alfalfa land i
In 2't-acre tracts, San Joaqufn Co. Also a
number til c:ock and grain ranches for sale j
and Jcr rent.
Addrws box 15. Gi!t, Cal.
(COOO— 22^ ACRES valley land; 10 acres ber- j
rles. 12 acres fruit: soil candy loam; $1800 j
dwelling row buiid'ng.
SST.00 — IS'-acre stock ranch; 50 head of j
caitle: 1 tran irule«; 10 hogs: 10 to 15 toes j
hay; .'{ acres cr-rn; 2 acres family orchard; 1 j
acie Mittion giapes; 30 acres in cultivation: j
more can be cultivated; 7-rocm house, barn j
and outbuildings; \!\t:t.iy water; 4000 to 5000
cords limber.
$ST«CO — 21 acres land en Russian River; 10 !
acres fruit: 7 acres grapes; come pasture; .
hcu*e and barn; we!l located: correspondence .
eolicited. J. O. HICKS. Htaldsburg. Cal. j
IN Fan Jose — A modern C-room cottage, with
liath; lot 4 r *xl2ri; chicken house, yard, gar-
den, fruit trees; m-ar to school, cars and
railroad. Inquire cf owner, 2C Hester ave.,
eff the Alameda, San Jo&e. Cal.
SMALL ranch: rheap; near WatbonvIIle; young
cr<-har«l cf apr'.c^'j-; gcxxl place for chickens. |
4032 Twenty-fifth Et.
FREE booklet and pc'Jltry fclfier. San Benito
County Improvement Club. Hollister. Cal.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call. I
16 pa;t c. in wrapper, for mailing. (1 per year.
BAJ MATEO RE A £ rSTATE.
m
nuzr -!
AT PRIVATE SALE •
BEGINNING MONDAY. September 19. 1904.
At 10 o'clock a. m.
AT OUR OFFICE. 25 POST STREET.
fca.n Francisco.
SAN MATEO CHOICEST BUSINESS AND !
RESIDENCE LOTS.
Averaging 50x120 tach.
THE HAYWAKD ADDITION TO
SAN MATEO.
Ac>>ininjr the celebrated
HAYWARD MANSION.
In Uie heart cf San Mateo
And within 2 block* of the
BUSINESS CENTER.
Two blocks from the 8. P. depot.
I'O TRAIN'S DAILY.
Two Llocfcs from Electric Road.
Cars to city every 15 minute*.
Majeklic oaks on nearly all lots,
ttreete graded, b»wered. curbed and
macadamized.
Bituminous sidewalks laid.
Water pi;»es to every lot.
No lots sold until above date.
First come best terved.
Catalogue* and mice list ready now.
Many a mj Heat ions already in
But positively :io lots win be scld
Until the l»th Inst.
Send or write for carticulars.
BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 25 Post street.
Or F. ?. Gltl'MMON. Branch Office,
San Mateo, California.
LOatlTA PARK— On line of San Mateo elee-
tric cars; 45 minutes from Sth and Market |
tts.: outside the fog belt and fust bcyor.i t
mbere the S. P. Co.'a bay shore "cutofT" i
v-'.:i loin the main line; s>ecoad subdivision j
row being offf-reJ: 50-foot lots from $*» up;
tenrj, first tv. , aubdivisions ccly $10 down
and (10 a y-,onth; tewer and water pipes ia
front cf every lit: pure artesian well water;
halt the lots iu subdivision No. 1 were soM
ia two weiks; un excrpt lona I opportunity
to secure a Tot In tbl* O:-;rabIe section on
e*»y t«m»: take the electric cars and get
c9 at LOXITA I* ARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY. P.ODGERS A- CO..
Tel Main 673. 118 Califynla st.
BEAUTIFUL home in Belmont. San Mateo
Co., rsear utation; large lot, barn. etc. W.
W. GRIFFIN. 21S2 Twctity-gtcond «t.. g. F.
SAZTTA CRUZ 2EAL ESTATE.
• i
"_ • I
"LOOKS GOOD TO ME." '
pu-lCir.s lou from $23 up: ntax electric car
45». We alto have scms very desirable im-
pioved pUccs in choice locations at prices
ra.r.gtn3 from $15(10 to $1' ooo
ADAilS & BARRY'.
The Leading Real Estate Brokers
117 Paciflc avi..
fcinta Cruz California.
Send for Printed List.
Mzaxo^PAay; heal estate.
(i00 PER acre— Two R-acre~and one 4- acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last cf this property left; >4 cash.
.£?} 2 1>a i?~ A fine - °° unt nr home, with
•plenfiid r«rden and magnincent trees; well
otiuu old-fashioned houne in good condition;
lor sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
, JLf r °,V c "r"- l * n<1 ta bCBt P"* of thI » dis-
trict, well sheltered and wooded; la tracts of
frcm 4 to 23 acres; special terms to tho*.
buUClrg immediately.
. SELBY, RODGERS & CO..
Telephone Main 673. lie California at.
..— y* 11 VAr>IiEY kzai ' zstate -l _.
»<00 TO (S00. jy per cent caeh. balance (10
monthly; fine lot*. 50x125 and larger; graded
rtreets; pure mountain water; grand redwood
trees; charming views; right at the station.
126 lots *oJd; eend for illustrated booklet.
LYON A UOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
ALAMEDA ADVEBT'S'M'TS
AJ&AJCCPA KEAIi ESTATE. ,
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
DO YOU SAVE MONEY • '
DO YOU SAVE MONEY
BY PAYING RENT? .
BY PAYING RENTT '
BY PAYING RENTT
WE GUARANTEE YOU A SAVING BY
PURCHASING A HOUSE AND LOT.
WHAT HAVE WE FOR SALE?
EVERY KIND OF PROPERTY FROM $100
LOTS TO A MANSION. WE OFFER THE
BEST TERMS. WE BUILD THE BEST
HOMES. OUR INFORMATION IS THE BF.ST.
OUR TRANSACTIONS THE MOST RELI-
ABLE. AND WE ARE ALWAYS PLEASED
TO OFFER YOU EVERY OPPORTUNITY
FOR INVESTIGATING BEFORE PURCHAS-
ING.
LOOK OVER OUR LIST.
INSPECT OUR HOMES.
, GET OUR PRICES.
BEAUTIFUL AND MODERN HOMES. PER-
FECT IN ARRANGEMENTS. CHARMINGLY
SITUATED. LOCATIONS IDEAL. PUR-
CHASE TO-DAY. PROCRASTINATION IS
THE THIEF OF TIME.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE IS SOUND,
SOLID AND DAILY ADVANCING.
A FEW BARGAINS. GET ONE AND LIVE
IN COMFORT AMIDST NATURE'S HAND-
SOME GIFTS. WITH EVERY POSSIBLE
ATTRACTION WITHIN HER REACH
WASHED ON HER BEAUTIFTTL RANDY
BEACH BY THE WATERS OF THE BAY.
Sl.W) buys a B-room house: good lot.
$2200 buys a flne 6-room house: a snap. .
$2500 buys an elegant cottage: lot 50x159.
$.V>00 buys a beautiful cottage: lot 40x100.
JWnoo buya an elegant 7-room house.
;i2R0 buys a beautiful modern 8-room house.
$4250 buys an elegant 8-room house; flne loca-
tion.
(5500 buys a modern home, 8 rooms and bath;
corner lot.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
POSITIVELY MUST BE SOLD.
FIRST COMER GETS ONE OF THE BIG-
GEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED TO THE
PUBLIC.
COST S2O.000.
WILL BE SACRIFICED FOR
$7500.
COME AND SEE THIS PROPERTY. THE
FINEST CORNER LOT IN ALAMEDA: T/1T
75x187: HOUSE OF 12 ROOMS AND BATHS.
FURNACE AND ALL MODERN IMPROVE-
MENTS.
A GRHAT BARGAIN.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
• 1500 PARK ST.
TEL. ALAMEDA 490. ALAMEDA.
J. S. HANLEY.
Nearly new house of 0 rooms, centrally lo-
cated and near station: porcelain bath and
open plumbing; lot SOxlOS; price (2200; easy
terms.
Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath; base-
ment; lot 59x160; near station; only (1600;
easy terms.
J. S. HANLEY. 1310 PARK 8T.
ALAMEDA home property for sale; lots,
houses, all sizes, all prices: finest corner
rtore In town for lease. ELMER E. JOHN-
BON. 2333 Santa Clara ave.
FOR *ale — Fine 6-room cottage, now building;
lot 60x108. Call and see it at 1530 Union
st..' Alameda.
NICELY furnished cottage; 6 rooms; 1 block
Bay station. 1305 Pacific ye.. Alameda. -
ALAMEDA BOOMS.
FOR rent — House of 10 rooms, all well fur-
nished and all modern conveniences; nice
lawn and ehrubbery; splendid location; near
Morton-Bt. station; party 'going East; rent
low. Inquire of J. S. HANLEY. 1310 Park
St., Alameda.
BEBKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEBrElEY HEAX ESTATE. ''
ALBEE & CORYELL,
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN -REAL ESTATE!
$1,000 — 5-r. cottage, near cor. 'Ashby ave. and '
San Pablo: large lot.
$1,550 — 5-r. cottage; Delaware st; $250 cash,
balance as rent. . ¦
$2.400 — 5-r. cottage, near Asbby ave.; $500
cash, easy terms on balance. . *
$3,500 — 7-r. house; new; sunny and central
location; large lot; $500. cash, balance
as rant.
$4,000 — 8-r. house; new; Walnut St.; fronts
the bay; desirable location for a home.
$5,500 — 10-r. house; Bancroft way; south
frontage; near U. C.
$7,500 — 10-r. bouse and" barn; Durant ave.;
south frontage; large lot; best location.
$600 — Residence lot, near station; street
work completed.
$2,400 will buy SO ft., 2 residence lots, on
Blake et.. bet. Dana and Ellsworth; a
real snap.
$1,250 buys lot. 60x148. Berry-Bangs Tract;
most desirable location.
.$2,100 buys .fine residence corner, fronting
south and east In Berry-Bangs Tract;
a bargain.
Residence Lots in All Parts of Berkeley.
$14,000— Business property; pays 6 per cent net.
$30.000 — Business property; pays 6 per cent net.
$18.500— Best available business lot In the city.
$23,000— Best available business corner In • the !
.;•-•, city.
ALBEE & CORYELL,
2139 Center St.. Berkeley, Cal.
FOR SALE.
$2100 — Nearly new cottage; 6 • rooms; bath;
patent toilet; city water; gas fittings; 7-
ft. basement: stationary tubs on back
porch; lot 38x135; street work and ce-
ment walka done; fenced; close to this sta-
tion; house Just repainted and decorated;
cafh $G00. balance very easy install-
ments; this is an absolute snap. (1922).
$2400 — Cottage. 5 large rooms, bath, etc.; hlgl»
basement; lot 40x100; Improved street; 1
block 'from station; cash. (1809).
$2650— New cottage, C rooms, bath, etc.; com-
bination fittings; frescoed, ceilings; , lot
40x135; street work and cement- walks
done; near station; cash, $500. (1905).
$2C50 — Well built cottage, G large rooms, bath,
. etc.; high baiemer.t; lot 50x133; street
work done; nice home in good condition
throughout. (1901).
(320O— Nearly new attractive 2-story colonial
house, 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 41x122;
street work and cement walks done; good
street; 2 minutes from station. (1007).
$5500 — Desirable foothill property; modern cot-
tage, 8 flne rooms, bath etc.; high base-
ment: stable and carriage-house; well
and city water: with one acre of land on
College ave. (1863). -
H. D: IRWIN, Lorin station. South Berkeley.
, Open Sundays. Carriages in attendance.
$3600 — ON Durant ave.. east of Shattuck;
nice houee of 6 spams; carpets on the
floors: new gas range, Deasy heater at-
tached; lovely flowers and lawn;* lot 40x
130; this Is less than they are asking for
vacant lot« in the block adjoining; parties
going to move and possession given on
September 15: a genuine snap.
$2750 — New 6-room house on Charming way;
, ••'.-•: street work done: electric lights, fuel gas;
8 blocks from Dwight- way . station; this
Is a crest bargain.
$4000— New 7-room house on corner; lot 47 feet
frontage; best of plumbing; eolld brass
hardware and fittings; flne view; on street
car, line; near station: this is choice.
$3150 — 6-room house; tinted walls, flne fixtures,
best plumbing and hardware; vtreet work
finished: near High. School; a snap.
$4000— Special for one ¦'wek: 7-room house near
»,--,: -Dwight way; scuth frontage; best of fix-
tures anrt hardware. - " ,
F. H. LAWTON.
2147 Center, st.. Berkeley. Cal.
IF you wish to procure a desirable lot, do not
, fall to look over the McGee Tract; the most
reasonable buy In the market and the most
convenient to Key ; Route and S. P. depots
and public schools; prices from $600 to (800
for 50- foot lot. including street work; this
property is selling fast. For particulars see
FRANCIS FERRIER.
2121 Shattuck ave.
$700— Lot 75x120; South - Berkeley; street
• work In. •
$1550— A beautiful. lot, 52x114, In Berry- Bangs
Tract.
$400 each— 5 lots. West Berkeley; make an
¦ offer. ¦". ¦ ¦ " ¦ ',,'.:'
(6550 — House 9 rooms, lot 90x135; extra flne.
, MILLS, THE REAL ESTATE MAN.
2167 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
' A GREAT BARGAIN.
New 6-room house on prominent street; built
by owner for his own use, but owing to un-
. foreseen circumstances am not able to occupy
same: improvements strictly, modern; rooms
and halls tinted; 30 mln. from S. F. by Key
¦ Route; 3 mln. ¦ from station; ; must be • sold ;
Inspect & be convinced. Owner, box 1034,' Call.
- (2300— R-room cottage; Tot 45x135: ¦ (200
down, balance at (20 per month; "convenient
to trains and schools, t- . . - >
¦ i -' ¦ W. C. MORAN,
: - - ¦ > ¦' South Berkeley. *
FBUITVALE ADVTOMNTS
rmtrrrVAI.E KEATi ESTATE.
SYNDICATE •
'' >A INVESTMENT COMPANY.
REAL ESTATE. 1.
* INSURANCE
AND
MONEY TO LOAN.
FRUITVALE. ALAMEDA COUNTY. CAL.
Valentine G. Hush. ' ' S. R. Thorne,
President. Secretary.
- First National Bank. S. F.,
• . ¦ Treasurer.
Fruitvale will be materially benefited by San
Francisco's expenditure of $17,000,000 for public
improvements.
i, WHY?
Because the money to be thus expended will
benefit mechanics, laborers and all classes of
business' men," ' giving them plenty of work,
good wages and business knd enabling them to
h»ve a surplus with which to buy homes and
they can buy their homes ' here In Fruitvale
better and cheaper than any other place around
the bay, and for the following five reasons:
First— They can own their own homes— the
monthly payments being much less than city
rents; which have doubled In the past two
years. , .
- Second— Quick and cheap transportation to
San I Francisco; commutation tickets $3 per
month, j ; ¦
Third— The same advantages that art of-
fered In the city— namely, water. . gas. elec-
tricity, ¦ sewers,- flne roads, churches and
schools:
Fourth — No ctty taxes, only • Stats and
county.
Fifth— Besides all the above. Fruitvale is
noted for her wonderfully flne climate, un-
, doubtedly the best around the bay; her fruits,
flowers and shade trees, and ber law-abiding
citizens make Fruitvale an Ideal place to live.
Our Hat Is so large and so varied In pries
that it would be useless to advertise the alf*
feren* styles and advantages of each separate
property. ! but ¦ we -ran show youi 2-room, 3-
roora and on up to 10 and 12 room houses, and
at prices ranging from $500 to $20,000.. . » ;, -
Property bought to-day will, without doubt,
advance in price during the coming year suf-
ficient to pay. not only a good Interest, but also
to give rent free.
We feel that If you will call and give us the
privilege of driving you about Fruitvale that
you will decide, as many have done, to buy and
settle In Fruitvale.
Largest List.
- . - Lowest Prices.
Choicest Lota.
- Easiest Terms.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Corner Bassett and Putnam sts..
Fruitvale, Cal.
PHONE ASH 587. \ .
W. E. RUDELL. Real Estate Agent, corner
Fruitvale ave. and Washington st.. Fruit- ,
5 vale. Cal. (
$1100— Cottage. 4 rooms; city water; lot 123x
125; near car line; terms, $300 cash, bal-
' ance bank loan.'
$950 — Cottage 4 nice rooms; city water;
sewer; 4 blocks from station; 1 block from
' school;' terms. $400 cash, balance $7 per
munth bank loan.
$25CO— House 8 rooms and bath; chicken-
houses and large stable: fruit trees, vege-
tables and berry bushes; lot 133x145.
$460— Corner lot. 60x123; good location; will
loan you money to build.
For rent— Cottage 4 rooms, partly furnished;
near station; rent $15 per month.
I have several places for sale; small payment
down, balance same as rent.
South corner. Fruitvale ave. and Washington
St.. Fruitvale. Cal.
W. E. RUDELL. Real Estate.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA' PARK.
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars;
streets • graded and graveled; stone sidewalks;
depot on tract: lots from $30 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month: 13 blocks to local
train; best located ¦ property on San Leandro
road: graded school on tract. Apply to S. 6.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAsXATO KEAX ESTATE.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
.1008 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. - _
$3150 — A beautiful home of 9 rooms; Just fin-
ished ;> right close to Key Route and street
cars: this home Is on a corner lot and has
all the latest improvements and Is offered
at 'such an extremely low price to effect
immediate sale; 'It was built for a home,
but owing to a change of plans the owner
is unable if occupy it; can be bought on
easy terms.
Beautiful new 5-room cottage situated on Ham-
ilton Place; this cottage has a high base-
ment and all the latest Improvements; can
be bought cheap on terms; call at office
for full particulars.
$2300 — A snap; in 3 minutes' walk of Key
Route, S. P. trains and street cars; one of
the swellest, most home-like little eot-
y tages of 5 large rooms; this cottage Is
new and on the north side of the street;
lot 35x133; small payment down, balance;
like rent. -
E. J. STEWART & CO., J
100S Broadway. Oakland. _
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY,
" 1016 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$4000 — Modern 2-story house on 22d st.. be-
tween two car lines; large lot; house
finished in most convenient and artistic
! way; large reception hall, pantry, pass
! closets, etc.
[ (COOO — New house of seven rooms; finished In
"curly" redwood, dining-room walls pan-
I eled with "burl" redwood; large llvlng-
Voom; gas and electric lights: high ground;
> 1 block to Telegraph ave. and 30th st.
These two places must be seen to be appre-
c l'et us send you one of our new
PAMPHLETS. WHICH GIVES MOST USE-
FUL. INFORMATION ' ABOUT OAKLAND
AND ALAliEDA COUNTY. ALSO A LIST OF
CHOICE PLACES FOR SALE— JUST THE
THING- ;¦ TO SEND TO YOUR EASTERN
FRIENDS. •
THti E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY,
1016. Broadway. OAKLAND.
' and ROOM 232. MILLS BLDG.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
i ¦
» . ALDEN REALTY CO..-
5184 Telegraph ave. Phone Black 6481.
$250 — Lot 50x75; near Telegraph ave. and
. Fifty- eighth st.
(400— NW. cor. lot, 60x100. near Telegraph
' and Alcatraz aves.
$500— Lot 50x100; Tejegraph ave. and Fifty
second st.
$600— Two-room I house on College are., near
Country Club and Key route.
$800— Four-room hause; lot 42x123; palms,
garden;. nicely located; TERMS.
$1300— Seven-room house; lot 50x150; barn;
* terms to suit.
This office has no connection with the Alden
I Co., of .Oakland. ' ;
A SNAP!
$2750 — A flne cottage: C rooms and largs re-
I ception hall; high basement: lot 50x127: all
street work done; cement walks, etc.; $500
cash^ balance on Installments If desired; good
location.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St., Oakland.
$6230 — BEAUTIFUL new 8-room ; house on
, choice East Oakland corner, 60x100;
¦every modern convenience: elegant hard-
wood finish throughout: 2 reception rooms;
' fln-e cement basement: lovely Interior
finish: close to schools, churches and car
lines; quick trans-bay service; easy terms.
. B. H. WELCH & CO.,
. 6th ave. and ISth St.,
/ Oakland.
(3CO0 — CHEAPEST, house In Oakland to-day; 6
-. large rooms, flne cellar, large barn. , fruit
trees, lot 50x150; half block from- car line;
fine ' location.
BAYLEY, 1323 Broadway,, opp. P. O.,
IF you have any property to exchange It will
pay you to call at our office. .. We have some
¦ .special .bargains to-day. EASTERN REAL
. -ESTATE CO., room 19. Bacon . block. Oak-
."¦ land. • '-./ •. . .-¦¦_¦ !•->;.' . .» ¦
$2250 .WILL buy : a 5-room nice, modern house ;
fine neighborhood; lot 60x123; fruit and shade
trees; 3 blocks to local train; make an offer;
"' -nice climate. . Box > 1387. .Call of flee, Oakland.
$950 BUYS 4-room ; house; , lot 00x123; fruit
¦¦-.trees; '¦barn, . chicken ' house, well,. pump; one
block to cars. Box 1386, Call office, Oakland.
j CHOICE CORNER. * •
•South and east front; 100x127; 8-roora cot-
'¦ tage ; $8260; lot • In . San ' Francisco taken for
part ¦ of purchase price. . MEADS & BELL.
1223 Broad wa y-3»B|HBMflH5S3BK3i9^
BmKELEYADYEBT^S^NTS
¦ * IBKCE1BT KOUSgS TO ItET. ¦
NEARLY new . house of nine rooms- to rent :
i good . barn ; near ; Key . Route station. Call j
at 2130 Center, st. * . <' > ¦¦ . . I
¦BMHPEUT rTHMTDHCEP »OOMS.
LARGE -furnished 'room with large alcove;
central ' location.* ,: Telephone Dana ¦ 1407. or
address 2311 ; Durant ave.. Berkeley.
FKUITVALE ADVERT'S'TS
r»TJTTVAjLE BJAIt E8TATS.
H. BARKMEYER. '
1206 Fruitvale ave.. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
LOTS. x' . LOTS. . . . .. .LOTS.
$75 and up, $20 down.*
, $5 and $10. per month.
Acreage $600 and up.'
.$950 — Rough house of 4. rooms;. extra flne wall
and pump; lot 50x265; -2 blocks from car
line; in walking distance. of local train.
(1250-rNew cottage, of 4 rooms; bard finished
pantry,* closets,' etc; good well and pump
on. back porch; lot 50x300.. fronting on 2
¦ streets; 3 blocks from car line; terms 'If
* desired. .' . « ¦ ' . *. . ,
. $230 cash, balance $12 per month; modern cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; high basement;
lot 60x110; fronting on two streets; high
¦ elevation: convenient to schools; price all
• told • «135O. - - . ¦ >
$1400 — New modern cottage of 3 large rooms
. ¦ and bath; fine pantry, closets, etc.; city
water; large lot. 80x132:6; all fenced; ons
* • block from electric car line. ••••-•
$1875 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath, large
pantry, closets, etc. ; high basement: lot
¦ •60x136; nice flowers and fruit treos. barn j
and buggy shed, driveway, etc. :-¦ near. car
line; in walking distance to local trains;
worth investigating.'
J2200— Almost new cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath; all. modern; pantry, clijsets, '
:etc, electric light, city, water, also good
well.'' small barn; lot 75x185; variety of;
-flowers and fruit; trees In bearing; flne ;
location; convenient to school ' and car
line; terms If desired. ¦ ' ,
$2350 — Desirable home; . cottage of 4 large
rooms, reception hall, closets,' pantry, i
* bathroom, etc.;- high basement; lot '"Ax
% ' 380, in bearing orchard; on macadamized
¦ road; near " school; reasonable terms If
desired. -
$6000 — Ideal country home; 3% acres of choice •
, land, variety of fruit trees in bearing; flne |
lawn, flowers and large palms; modern
cottage of 5 large rooms and bath; por-
¦ celain bath tub; flne mantel and fireplace;
folding doors, etc.; high basement: two-
' story rustic barn, extra good well, wind-
mlll and. tank;, all In first-class condition.
See these before . buying elsewhere: they are
bargains. | For particulars apply . to
H. BARKMEYER,
" Near Fruitvale Station, Cal.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$1700 — Bay-window cottage of 4 rooms and
bath; basement all floored, with' one room
finished In the basement; barn, chlcken-
.. houses; fruit trees; ornamental trees; lot
37:6x100; only 3 blocks from local sta-
tion; a bisr bargain. ¦
(450 — Two-room house and corner lot. 64x113,
¦ only one block (from E. 14th-st. car line.
$1200 — Cottage of 3 rooms; stable; 3 chicken-
houses; fruit trees; berry vines; well and i
pump; also ctty water; lot 100x115; one !
block from car line; can' be bought on '
terms. . ¦ ••' |
$1250 — Cottage of 4 rooms; basement; city wa-
ter: choice fruit trees; barn;' 8 chlcken-
hourea; corner lot, 113x170; one block
from - school and 3 blocks from Fruitvale
ave.- .
$1100— Fine cottage- of 4 rooms; corner lot;
street work all done; good sewerage;
about $200 cash down, balance $12 60 per
month: 2 blocks from 23rd-ave. station.
$1350 — Good cottage "of 4 rooms, basement.'
. .bath, etc.; all modern; lot 37:6x106; only
. 4- block* from Fruitvale station? small
sum down, balance same as rent.'
$1400 — New and modern cottage of 3 large i
rooms and bath; city water; lot 80x132:6;
'one block from electric car line.
$000 — Cottage of 4 rooms In good condition;
large -lot; 3 . blocks from Fruttvale-ave.
car... line; small sum down, balance $10 per
month. • ¦-. " • • • , . !
' $1930— Large bay-window cottage of 6-rooms: ;
all modern; lot 50x122:6; close to local
trains; term* to salt. . '-.
$2200— New bungalow cottage of 6 rooms and
attic: porcelain bath: nickel plumbing;
7- foot basement; 2 chicken-houses L-,corner
lot. 73x100. ' . . : ¦ . • * - M . ' "
$1730 — New and modern cottage of; 5 large
rooms, hall, bath, basement: flne outlay
of berry vines; lot 60x175; all fenced; $200
down. -balance on monthly payments; price
reduced from (2000.
(lSOO-pFlne house of. 6 rooms and bath; well,
windmill and tank: fruit 'trees; ; berry
! vines; flowers; lot 50x150; all fenced;: 2
i . blocks from rar line. .
j H.:A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
CHAS. F. LEE. " ~ Phone Vale 298.
Office one-half block from Fruitvale station.
$1230— Nice chicken ranch; good 4-room cot-
tage; lots of fruit trees; lovely sandy loam soil;
w«ll sheltered; close to street cars and graded
school: lot 10fal25. • \
I $2100 — Splendid house of 6 rooms, pantries:
flne well, also city water; fruit trees and
• flowers; all surrounded by a fine picket and
wire fence: lot 100x200.
$2230 — Chicken ranch; new house of 6 rooms;
chicken houses and yards; young fruit trees:
large flne. shade trees; nice creek; flne. loca-
tion; close to school and street cars; lot 123x
200.
$1150 — Nice rustic cottage of. 4 rooms, high
basenwnt; fine welt- of splendid water; chicken
houses . and yards; property nicely fenced;
close .to cradtd school. Postof flee and church;
lot 60x100. , ; * .
(1300 — A big snap; new 5-room, large pantry,
bathroom, 2-story shingled house; close to local
train , and street cars; .nice large lot; street
sewered snd macadamized.
(1700 — Just .finished;' handsome colonial cot-
tage of 5 rooms, bath, pantry, high basement;
cloe>e to flne school, local train and street cars;
lot 38x123. _. ,.
(1250— Nice cottage of 4 rooms; flne well
mountain water; young fruit trees; air kinds
of small fruits and vegetables; splendid sandy
loam -soil; will make flne chicken ranch; ele-
gant, view;. no cold winds. or fogs; lot 100x215;
close to street cars.. ;
SMALL PAYMENT DOWN. AND EASY
MONTHLY PAYMENTS CAN BE MADE ON
ANY OF. MY PROPERTIES.
Fine lot on Fruitvale ave. 40x120; (900. .
* Choice corner. 50x125. only (750; street work
all - done, also sewered. (12 a foot for the
choicest croperty on Peralta ave. : high, level
land close -to street cars; street macadamized
and sewered; gas and electric lights; sur-
rounded -by beautiful- homes; will -build you a
home in this tract on easy monthly payments.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
fine soil;- grand -view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only
$75 each; (Ji,i3*iwn, balance (2 60 per' month.
•'CHASSJC?. LEE/, 1222 Fruitvale ave.
SNETSINGER & , MATTESON,
1214 Fruitvale ave.. Fruitvale, CaL.
Pbone Brook 632. ,,
(1600— New 4-room cottage; 1 block from
' *" school " and ; electric ; cars ; ' J near station ; "
high. basement, porcelain bath, convenient
pantry, china closet, electric lights, city
¦water, etc.;' very easy terms.
(1500— 5-room, 2-story .house; ' this" Is an old
house ¦ made ¦ over and ; as good as . new :
flne • location. 1 block from two electric
• car lines; lot 40x120; ¦ all modern con-
veniences; you will consider this a bar-
* •"' ealn; terms if ' d«Jlred.
$3000-— 5-room , ' cottage: . corner lot. . 60x123;
lawn; large . living-room,- 24x14, with
clinker brick mantel; finest plumbing;
. Mission style throughout, with quaint flx-
. lures . and pretty finishings; entire - floor
coverings go with house; also range; tho
' best 'residence location . in FrultvaU; near
.electric cars and -in warm belt; terms.
$1400 — 3-room house; one- block from electric
- .car. line; lot -80x135; bath, pantry, etc;
' ..' terms. . . . ! .
$2300 — 5-room cottage; 1 block -from station;
.nearly new; high basement;; gas, elec-
tricity, porcelain bath; good neighbor- j
"hood; very easy ; terms to responsible
" party.* /•-. . '. ••-:.--¦• . / ' . .¦ ¦ ,
Only four lots remaining in the new subdi-
vision of the Bona Tract; the finest residence
location; beautiful view of bay land city; near
car lines; only nice houses going on this pri-
vate residence street. V^,
A few choice lots In the Sather, Tract at a
sacrifice. .¦...--¦-•¦
SNETSINGER A- MATTESON. •
•1214 Fruitvale ave., Fruitvale, Cal. -, :
;:•-•' ¦-'¦"-. i. l'. saxton. fruitvale.
$950-'— New cottage: all modern;. "city, water.
$6000 — Fine :, .ranch ;' No: 1- Improvements:'
windmill and tank;, all kinds of. fruit; faces
the new boulevard; will exchange for home -in ,
Oakland. 0 qaMqF&kx8Qfaa&apamf&*stgefg[!g/fe8& \
$400— Lot 36x130, In city of Oakland; a flne
building lot. - : . . - .'-.¦-..
|500 — Two '' acres of : good land, - partly im-
proved: In Haywards; street work all done. .
I • L. SAXTON. Fruitvale ave.. near, station.
• , , p. O, Box 245, .; Fruitvale. y
IF you wish to buy or sell real estate or per-
' sonal • property. . or , if you wish to rent or
- lease any kind of property, call on J. W.
WILBUR A-, CO.. Upper - Fruitvale,- DImond
P.; O.,^ Alameda Co.. . Cal. r"gJS»*^8»»»8C8HgJg
IF you want to know. all. about Fruit vale and
. £«t posted on prices -send.. for- the Real
Estate k Index. • - Published every.' month < by
JUDSONf &, CO., Fruitvale. •: Cal.'; ;i :
FOR SALE— $2750: It cost (3750; rents for (20-
- per month; -2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
j \- to.S. - S. AUSTIN. 1101 , Twenty-third = ave..
East- Oakland. * MfeiffinMiBliitiHH
BEEICELEYADYERT^NTS
BEBKEI.EY KEAI. ESTATE.
A SPECIAL OFFER. *' .;. '
(500 — Lots, 40x135; we have a few desirable
building lots, well located on good. street,
' that we are . authorized to sell on terms
of (100 cash and $10 per . month Install-
ments; street work and sidewalks are
complete. .
(3750 — New, 6-room house, near the university:
- close to car lines and trains and yet far
enough from all to be in a fine location;
east of the track. ¦ ; .
$4000 — New, 8-room house on the north side of
the* street, in a good location, convenient
to the cars and trains. ¦
$6750 — Elegant 9-room ¦ house -in the Daley
Scenic Park tract: worth seeing.
•¦ RICHARDS TRACT!
We have some elegant building lots fronting
on Channlng, Piedmont and Durant avenues;
this location is unsurpassed, both.. in beauty
and convenience of location; for prices and
further particulars apply at this office.
FOR RENT.
Magnificent 14-room house, including stable,
only a short distance from the Key route and
S. P. trains; only five minutes' walk to the
university jrrounds. Address
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 SHATTUCK AVE.
REAL BARGAINS IN 'BERKELEY
PROPERTY.
$600— Lot 50x120; puved street; nice location;
> near Berkeley business center.
$850— Lot rorUO; corner: both streets
paved; near university. • *
$1.850 — A bunch of four good lots on paved
streets; only three blocks from Dwight
way station. . ,
(2,200 — Modern, five-room - cottage; . nearly
new; comer lot; paved streets.
$3,000—6 rooms; new; sightly situation:
colonial; good lot; east of Grove st. •
$4.500 — 8 rooms; new: elegant finish; good
basement: choice location; flne- views;
' east of Sfcattuck: near station.
$5,000 — 8 ro<Jms and attic; new; . attractive;
I well built: elegant location.
$5 250 — Lot 100x120: strictly choice location;
near U. C, on the south; no more
valuable ground for flats or rooming
houFes; worth ?0000.
$7,250 — 12 rooms; elegant; finely . finished;
' choice corner: very . desirable location;
near university.
(11.000 — A larre corner lot in business sec-
tion; rart of ground built on; leased;
annual Income (775; this I Is the best
bargahv offered In Berkeley business
property. .
LYMAN ALLEN. 2120 Center st.
BEE US AT ONCE.
THIS PLACE FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
A flne o-room rouse on lot 40x133 for $2200;
$200 down, $13 monthly payments.
A nice corner lot with fine 6-room house;
$200 down, $25 per month.
One of the nicest homes in Berkeley, finely
furnished, for rent. / •
Two brand new houses of 6 rooms,' three
blocks from Berkeley station; $2600 each, $25
monthly payments.
We have a beautiful home for sale for $5500
which Is worth $8000; must be sold at once;
part cf house finished In oak, rest in hard-
wood; lot 73x150: fruit trees, vines, etc.
A beautiful n*w house of 8 rooms In the
finest location In Berkeley for. $1750; brand
n.-w: easy terms. "-.
A 4 room cottage upon a lot 50x132 for $000:
the lot Is worth more than selling price; $250
down, rest easy terms. /
If you have i small amount of money to
Invest, call and see us; we will do the rest.
Insurance solicited ; rents collected.
NEWTON & NEEDHAM. ,
2131 Center st.
$3000— ON Durant ave., east of Shattuck;
nice house of C ro<)ms; carpets on th*
floors; new gas ranee. Deasy heater at-
tached; lovely flowers and lawn: lot 40x
l.'iO; this is less than they are asklnc for
. . vacant lots In the block adjoining; parties j
going to move and possession given j on '
September 15; a genuipe snap.
$2750 — New 6-room house on - Channlng way:
street work done; electric lights, fuel gas:
3 blr-cks from Dwizht-way station; this
is great bargain. A *
(4000— New 7-room house on comer;' lot 47 feet
frontage; best of plumbing; - solid .brass !
hardware and fittings; fine view; on street :
car line; near station: this is choice. ' .
$3150— 6-room house; tinted walls, flne fixtures,
best plumbing and hardware; street work
finished; near High School; a snap. ¦
$1000 — Special for one.we-tk; 7-room house
near Dwlghl way; south frontage; best of
fixtures and hardware. •
F. H. LAWTON. • ¦
2147 Center st.. Berkeley. Cal.
SNAP — 5-room cottage: nice garden; good well,
also city water; chicken house; lot, 40x100:
price $1900; % cash; 3 blocks to Key route
station: open Sundays. O. A; RUDOLPH,
Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
NEW 6-room cottage;, high basement; city
water; gas and' electric, lights;. street w*rk
and walks done; largo' lot: '2'blocks to Key
route and S.-P. stations; price $2250; terms,
* $200 cash, balance $20 monthly; open Sun.
days O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin Station, South
Berkeley.
NEW 5-room cottage; modern; lateet open
plumbing: high basement: street work and
walks done: gas and electric lights; lot 46x
135; 4 blocks to Key route and S. P. stations:
price $2500; terms. $200 cash, balance $25
monthly: open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin Station, South Berkeley.
MAKE YOUR SELECTION IN THE HOP-
KINS TERRACE BEFORE TOO LATE: A
FEW CHOICE LOTS LEFT; COME AND
SEE THEM.
\ $3500 — New .6 -room house: near Key route.'
; $4000 — A lovely corner house of 7 rooms. • .
$3230 — Lovely home with large grounds; near
U. C: value $6000. .
$7000 — Lovely home; large lawn, stable and i
trees; close to station and U. C. grounds.
$6000 — New and complete:!) rooms; on large
corner lot: near station. - • - *
A larre lot In most fashionable Dart of
town; 155x227; only $3000; for a few days.
CHOICE LOTS IN ALL PARTS OS" TOWN.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
j * S.E. cor. Center st. and Shattuck ave.-
(COOO — 12-room house on Durant ave., near
College ave.; lot 50x130; price reduced In
i order to close I up estate. . !
(2000 — 4% acres adjoining . the university
grounds; fine investment.
(3750 — New C-room house. . Dana St., near
Dwight way; convenient to university,
street car and Key Route. • . .
$3250—6 rooms and bath; Oxford St.. between
Vine and Rose. «\-
We have properties. Improved and unim-
proved, for sale In all parts of Berkeley.
R. A. BERRY & CO.. , - ' '
(Successors to Cheney & Berry.)
P. O.' Block, Berkeley. ;
BERKELEY.
Lots $600 to (1000; cement walks and street
work complete; terms.
(2300— Three acres, fronting on two streets;-
all under cultivation; 7-room house, sheds, etc.;
good well; near electric cars.
(1600 — 4-room house; cement walks and street
work done; near, University of California and
Berkeley station. .
ISGRIGG & HARRIS, ! .^ •''
Northeast • Corner Shattuck.
WHAT WE HAVE in the way of BARGAINS:
(2650 will buy you a 7-room home in North
Berkeley, with unobstructed view of San Fran-
cisco Bay. ," * '
$100 down and $15 per month will secure you
a lot 43x120. with all street work done and
sidewalks laid, east of Fulton, st., South
Berkeley. •
We also have many other little bargains
which we would be glad to show you. Call
and see us.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
! 2123 Center St., Berkeley, '\; A
. Main entrance U. C.
$ieoo — 3-room house; new: ; lot 60x135; street
work n/id cement walks; fine location: big
bargain; part cash, balance In monthly pay -
rocnt9 ' F i NE BUSINESS LOT. ' , . ¦ ;
$2250 — Large • correr on Adeline st.: all
street work done: large enough for 3 stores
and 2 "cottages; cheapest lot en the street.
$300 cash will build a handsome modern.B-
room house on a, pretty street In a swell
location; balance can be paid at rate of $20
per month. Including Interest; total only $22.
C. C. EMSLIE. the Ashby-ave. . Real Estate
Dealtr; Open Sundays from 12 to 2.
-WHEELER TRACT SNAP. ¦ ¦
Recent resubdlvlslon; 2 lots sold; only this
ONE LEFT;
Near homts of Mrs. Hearst, John Galen How-
ard. Pres. Wheeler.- Profs. Proutz and Miller
. of.U. C. . -. .¦ " " >*• ¦ '.,¦'¦ , -
.74 FEET, FRONTAGE. . .
On best part of • Euclid ave. ; terraced \ lot;
level; 2 blocks from cars; neighboring ; Im-
provements all new and hisrh-class. \
UNOBSTRUCTED VIEW; . £.
Of all baynoints. ¦> .
BANKS CONSIDER THIS GILT-EDGB
. PROPERTY. .
Address Box 1305. , Call office. Oakland. .
A FEW more good lots east pf Telegraph ave.
, at $10 ser foot. ' ' *
Good 8-room house to rent; (32 60; near Key
and S. P. station. -;
- (7000— House of 17 rooms, 2 baths, -etc ;
close to t university, ; In - best part of Berkeley;
must be sold to close estate. . -. : . :¦ -
LITTLE & WQOLSEY.
-*'.". 2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
$1050 — New- 4-rooin •cottsjre, - with, bath; -lot
50x135; fruit trees and flowers; half block to
train; owner, in. East; ijnust be' sold. . *• - -
BARGAIN^-$i600: 8-room house, well. barn.
¦¦• chlcken-boase. 60 young fruit trees, lot 173x
207 ; ¦ one , block north of Corbln station. .West
¦ Berkeley. ¦ Inquire of ; F. BEVIS, ..-: on the
-" premises.' • *.•;¦' > '.*¦;, ':"¦¦.'¦;¦" ~. ¦ ,
' HATWAKDS BEAIi S STATS. ' ' ..
$173 to $S30 per acre; Etanton Tract; from
4 to SO acre tracts.
$5.500 — Beautiful country home for sale or
exchange for Oakland or Berkeley prop-
erty; 10 acres, 7 acres in flne orchard.
variety fruit; all kinds of berries; 3
acres fine vegetable or alfalfa land:
eoiI very rich; 6-room house, barn and
ether buildings; chicken-yards, etc.; wa-
ter tine and plentiful; rural delivery;
close to school, near station; dally com-
munication with San Francisco.
J13.000 — 40 acres choice orchard; full bearing
trees; ll'-room modern house, barn and
other outbuildings; chicken- yards; close
to school; 2 mileo from town; half cash,
balance on time.
$33 per acre — 1010 acres; elegant stock ranch;
modern :k>um> of 0 rooms; stable, stock-
barns, dairy-house; 40 acres flne orchard,
all fenced and crt>6s-fenced; 5 miles
from Haywards.
I (6.500 — 12'i K>:re»: house 6 rooms, barn, wind-
mill and tank; fruit principally cherries,
apricots and prunes; in Haywards.
(20 per acre — *80 acres, all fenced and cross-
fenced; plenty wood and water; fine
stock ranch; 5 miles from Haywards.
$10,000—216 acres, fenced and cross-fenced:
modern house, large barn; plenty wood
• nd water; small orchard; a very desir-
able place; 4 miles from Haywards.
(2.000—5 acres: house 5 rooms, barn. tanK
and tankhousa. windmill: chicken houses
X'^ and yards; l'i miles from Haywards;
half cash, balance on time.
(2.00D— 1>4 acres; house 5 rooms, hard fin- ,
ished: barn, chicken-houses; plenty wa-
ter: good lo-Ation; one mile from post-
(2.500^-1 0*acre«: 4 acres in fruit ( and £*£•»:
house 4 rooms; barn. c hIck , < £^ ou ,f5f'
etc.: near new boulevard; (1000 cash, .
balance on time.
RAMAGE & STANTON. tt.w— .^. '
Castro St.. near A, Haywaros.
EYryKTTBST KEAX • ESTATB.
' ELMHURST REAL ESTATE. mnn .u
$05O— Small cash payment, b^aaf* montn-
i l>- • VnTat 3-room. hard finished cottage. In-
! cludlr* 5 lots, all fenced; partly cultivated; 2
I blocks from the railroad station.
875— Large, level lots In Elmhurst. on the
; line of the Haywards local train; $5 monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at.
POINT BICHMOITP BEAIi ESTATE.
I A GOOD lot cheap for cash: or wlil exchange
for small business Call BROWN. 500 Larkln.
j CglCKSW EAHCHSS.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Tract, at San Leandro.
Eubdtvldins flne orchard on gentle slops;
size to suit; easy terms; plenty water; fine
fruit; call for details; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
HEAL ESTATE TO EICHAHQE.
REALTY EXCHANGE^MPA^T^^
SUITE S07-8C8 CALL BUILDING.
Tt is frequently the case that a party wishes
j to *e!l his holdings for the purpose of relnvest-
i ing the proceeds In a different kind of property.
Our long ex'oerience in this business enable*
: i:s to often accomplish this double purpose by
: only one transaction. The only condition we
! make ia that your property, if you wish us to
I dispose of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
! KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don t
take up either our time or your own with
I worthless offerings, or property so heavily
i mortRaped as \n leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
! or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
i Iring a description of same to our office, stat-
i ing what kind cf property you prefer In ex-
j change, and you will be surprised how quickly
• we can effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
1 STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
; the only company in San Franclpco making a
! Fi^cialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
i vertieing cr any other purpose unless we pro-
! cure an exchange satisfactory to you to accept.
i WANTED TO EXCHANGE
FREE FROM ALL INCUMBRANCE.
Nice laree house of 12 rooms, closets, etc.;
! barn, laree lot. shade trees: in a flne Minne-
i tota town: for a nice home of e^ual value,
i $5»i00. In JJerkelev. Oakland or. San Fran-
| Cisco. Addrens Owner, box 132, Berkeley,
! California. •
PROPERTY VTAKTED.
¦ WANTED — 10 to 20 acres good farmlnx land.
" with runnlnir water: inside 50 miles of city
' and ?¦ miles of station; improvements at sec-
ondary consideration; prefer dealing with
owner; answer wi'h carticulars and lowest
cash price. Box 1314, Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERT'S'JJTTS
ALAMEDA B£AX SSTATE.
j HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION;
BARGAINS; LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
GENUINE BARGAINS.
5-room cottage on Ninth «t., near station;
lot 25x120; only (1400.
WATER FRONT PROPERTY.
SUITABLE FOR SUMMER RESORT. BATH-
i ING. ETC.
| One of the finest 10-room residences; lot
i about 200 feet front by E50 feet In depth; sta-
ble, windmill, etc.; one block from station.
A fine home on Regent st; fine garden; lot
50x150; near Park station.
FOR A HOTEL AND BATHINO RESORT.
A water front lot, 135x150, near station.
(50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOTS.
33:4x125 TO 33x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION,
THIRY MINUES FROM SAN FRANCISCO,
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE.
14C0 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA,
OR C. A. POMEROY. 11 Montgomery St.. S. F.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR RENT,
CALL ON OR WRITE TO US.
TEI.L US WHAT YOU WANT. WE GUAR-
ANTEE TO DO THE BALANCE: WE HAVE
THE FINEST LIST OF IMPROVED i AND I
UNIMPROVED PROPERTIES IN THIS
BEAUTIFUL CITY.
$3000 — Only $000 down, balance easy monthly
payments; modern 8-room home on Alameda
ave., near Willow st.. with stable; owner
leaving city; swell furniture can be purchased
cheap; some one will get a rare bargain.
$1000 — Four-rcom . cottage; an exceedingly
good buy. i
$2050 — A charming cottage of 5 rooms and
bath. In a very desirable location.
' $4700 — A beautiful cottage of 8 rooms, sur-
I rounded by lawr.s and flowers: lot 103x150.
! HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1122 Park st.
! The leading and reliable agents.
Office ODen to-day. I
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
CoUape, 5 large rooms, open plumbing; lot
CSxl&O; barn, 2 bcx stalls, loft will store five
tons hay; elegant grounds and driveway; price
$3C50. ; ' /;¦
A SNAP. ,
Two-story house cf 7 rooms and bath; lot
50x110; fine grounds; $2500.
For sale in sv.cll location on Morton St.; two
I 2- story houses; one of 0 and one of 8 rooms
ar.U bath: tdeal homes and up-to-date In every
1 particular: lots 40x150; (1500 and (1200.
I Also f:i-.* drug business, with lease for ten
years; income *20 i*>r <iay: at $3500.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.
I BAY STATION. ALAMEDA. CAL.
£1250 — COTTAGE; 4 rooms; near echool and
station; let 50x150.
(1C50 — Cottage; 5 rooms and bath, with all mod-
ern Improvements; good location; lot 27x
125.
(1700 — 2-story house; S rooms and bath; near
school and station; must be eold; lot 50x
150; street improvements all made.
WILLIAM DUFOUR & CO.,
2326 Santa Clara ave..
Near Park st., Alameda.
REALLY CHOICE AND- REALLY CHEAP.
?.c, flne building lots In the best residence
part of Alameda; these lots face on Taylor,
Santa Clara. Halght and Railroad aves.. and
are all within two blocks of railroad and street
car lines- streets macadamized and sidewalks
of cement; prices range from $400 to $750; \
terms $50 ca#h. and monthly payments of $10. ;
terms. ? JV HAW ' KS & MEH RTENS.
Seventh st. and Railroad ave., Alameda.
FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
KO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED.
Almost new 8-room house; fine marine view;
bouse la thoroughly modem: porcelain bath,
etc; cement basement: (3000.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND. :
The Leading and Reliable Agents.
1422 PARK ST.
A FINE home In Alameda — Cottage of 6 rooms,
ball.' bath, basement;: flower garden,: etc;
large lot. See owner, 1050 Franklin «t., Oak-
land. - ' •THE SAN FRANCISCO : CALL, SUNDAY; SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
42
j _ BPSnrESS CHAJrOES— Contlntud.
A— CAMERON & CO.- —Phone South 1050.
;.{ E-ltly st., cor. Market and Powell.
Ileadquartera for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour** ride from city; fln» chance for
summer . outing, also. for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
• for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilet; closets; everything
¦ strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
' people over night: perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy St.,
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay. feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city In Califor-
nia; over 4000 population; sold as whole or
separately; flne proposition; has the butter
business of the town; «x tensive Interests else-
where only reason for selling; books open for
inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; flne prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-.-h*. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city:
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' leabe; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000, pear
year; price S22C0. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful show cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; flne location: fittings cost more than
price ask..d; bin snap at $1000; ' sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— Best little restaurant In city; down-
town; doing good business: cheap rent; own-
er has other Interests and can't devote his
time to it; snap; J500. CAMEHON & CO..
3 Eddy st.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
roomlnjr^housss and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
'¦ '- ZZ " ; • i " |
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IV you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, ctear stand, saloon or business of ;
. any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we |
• may have Just what you want to buy or ai
purchaser ror what you have to sell. SEAL ,
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St.,
rooms 41S-41U; telephone Folsom 34(38. i
¦ % 1
FOR sale — Corner grocery with saloon at-
tached; good trade; flne location.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT CO.,
1312 Market St., '
Rooms 418-410. Tel. Folsom 3 1C8.
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO., -
Business Exchange, 1118 Market st.
Saloons fS&O to $ 75CO I
Roomlnfi-hcuses $275 to $125<> !
Restaurants $950 to $2>W j
Groceries $325 to $3500
Cigar stands I .$125 and up
Bakeries $1*5 to $j00
! RESTAURANT in the business center of Oak-
land, doing a*"business or $100 to $125 per
day; cheap rent; lease; owner obliged to
leave the State and will sacrifice; Investi-
gate this bargain. MITCHENER & BAR-
TON, 010 Broadway. Oakland.
$400— BON A FIDE INVESTMENT.
Well-establ'ahed. fast-Increasing wholes-ale
and retail bualnezs in staple roods; paying
good profits; invest Irate this. - -
THE ALDEN CO.,
1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
GROCERY for sale — $4250 will buy old,
well-eetabllshed fancy grocery (Western Ad-
dition); best location; rapidly Increasing
neighborhood; flne order route; reasonable
rent. For particulars ad.'box 1488, Call; owa-
er wishes to retire; no agents; no trlflers.
FOR sale — Best dry goods business In best town '
In southern California; stock about $16,000: •
if you want a paying business, investigate: !
health cause of selling. Address box 1415, i
Call office.'
FOR nale— Old-established stat!cnery~and pe-
riodtcal business, with a long lease; on ac-
count of , sickness of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER. 8. F., News Co., -042 Geary st.
WANTED — Partner In mechanical business;
no previous experience rcouired; short hours;
light work: $15 to $35- a week each; $300
required. 47 Geary at., room 5.
GCOD-paylng, well-established hardware store:
all nice clean stock; must sell on account of
sickness; only $8230; will take half city real
estate. Box 1324, Call offlce.
GR'.XJERY aptlbar; a sacrifice on account of
.departure; oM established: fresh stock; lease:
will .'r-.vt.ire $1500; make offer, to-day. Ap-
ply 703 Polk st-,-near Eddy.'
PARTY wanted who will Invest $250 to start !
real estate and mining business; good lir*t »
of properties start with. Address hox 14-41, j
Call office. • ;
$2S0O— RESTAURANT. clo«e to Call building; J
scats 75 Deople; lease; low rent: receipts $73 i
per day; large stock on hand. B3X St>3, Call, j
FIRI-T-CLASB corner saloon; best location; !
long lea»e» owner must leave the city; no .'
arehts. . Inquire saloon 393 Ninth st. - |
FOR sale — 1-4 or 1-3 interest in new invention j
of a steam cylinder and valve structure for '
Pteam engine*. Address box 1(V16. Call. ¦
A MAN with $C00 can secure a half Interest j
In a business that will pay him a profit of'i
200 per cent. Box 2171, Call offlce.
, i , »— ._ i
$'.((K) — HALF Interest In well paying job print- }
ir.p business; trial given to parties meaning !
buslnese; no triflcrs. Box 14C8, Call office. .
GOOD paying, established harness, carriage
and trlmmlnjr business; selling account sick-
mat. Box 1339, Call offlce, Oakland.
$12CO— CORNER saloon and mercantile lunch, >
fivdins C-0 to 70 daily; forced to sell. Par- i
tlculani, 301 MIseion fct. !
$150— PARTNER In honest business; will pay j
you $100 ptjr mo. with your services;- short i
hours; investigate. 1130 Market st., office 2.
SEND name & address to Co-operative Clear-
ance-house Co.. 1535 Mloslon et., and - get
membership certificate free; no humbug.
A DELICACY, store: best paying business in
the city; will sell very cheap; Investigate.
217 Sixth st. - ;.
$12CQ — Merchandise stock, clearing $100 month;
7 vears present owner: long lease; cheap
rent: bargain. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy. r. 101.
BLACKSMITH shop; good for right party,
with oalnt shoo In rear: rent In 'exchange
fcr shoeing. 2030 Greenwich st.
WANTED— Partner with small capital; one
wh» understands grocery. P. R. , box 1213.
WANTED— Tc buy a cigar stand or to rent a
place to CDen one. Box liiGT. Call offlce.
WANTED — A good grocery and bar, without
wagsn " trade preferred. Box 1202. Call.
WANTEt» — Location clxar stand. Box 13S3,
•Call office.
A GOOD hotel In Contra Ccsta County for
sale. Box Sfl5. Call qfflce.
WANTED — To buy a morning paper rcutc.
Address box 1327, Call offlce.
$C50 — LUNCH parlor:: best paying business In
the city; cause sickness. 759 Larkin st.
NEW YORK business man returning East
. would represent g-ncd concern. Box t:*:»4. Call, i
$4C0 BUYS flne paying restaurant for,m*.n and
wife; go|d location. ' 777 Vj Market st.
$C00— PARTNER wanted in the amusemeiH
buslnebS; full value given. Box 21S9, Call.
INVEST $10 InAJo Coiiptr Mines; will make
hundreds; shirt $2. 237 Crossley bldg.
FOR sale— Dressmaking and halrdresslhg busi-
ness; sickness the cause. Box 1274, Call.
A FTNEf cigar stacd for sale. Apolr 113
Eddy ft.
FURNISHED house of 10 rooms; price *jV30 !
this .week; full of rocmers. Inquire 723 Polk. |
PROFITS amounting to thousands of dcllars I
. arc divided every. month among: investors by!
the Storey Cotton Company (Incorporated. I
capital and surplus $2C2.CC0). Are you
petting your share? Write for particulars.
T. H. QUINLAN.' Treas. CSS. The Bourse.
Philadelphia. ; Pa. .. . . ;
HOTEL buslcess for., tale:" reasonable: big
business for two; clears $4C0 per month; 61
bedrooms: dlnlng-roonr seats* 46: lease givtn.
For particulars write M. F. CARDOZO. Mer-
ced. Cal.. ' - ' . .
FOR* sale "cheap — Good cigar stand; good *lo-
.-, cation; cheap rent. SI Shipley st.
CANDY store: rauft'f*ll en account of, other
business J' make offer. 1427 Market st. f
BAKERY— All; store- trade: ever $33 dairy;
.. worth $2V)O: price $2OQO. . 721 Polk st. -
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha« bc*n
opened at 100S Market et.: opposite FUth.
Open until 11 p,'n. '. .
£oDQrjrci-HOOTrBS rbk ba&b.
FOR sale— Lodgihc. hou*«.:32 rooms: south of ,
* and near; Market 'St.; rent 903; clearing ?^0. I
Box bVi, Call offlce. -' > • ' |
COTTAQZS TO XXX.
'. COZY cottage horn*, cor. Dolores and Comber-
land. near 20th: » rooms, bath; sun an day.
EWINO p*ce. fc Laguna, near Fost--« roonw.
largo basement; garden; sun all day, rent $sa
\ COTTAOXS WAaTlU*.
1 WANTED— \. 4-rocro cottage- with bath elosa
I W t o Pa^ddres. WM. EBERT. 253 Perry st.
- WANT small cottage, furnished °'« n (5™ U c -f 1 ;
reasonable; write particulars-. Box 127O» can.
1 pggyMj'y?' - ,--._
T~«irw~ni»te— -The Wnalebon* — Cannot break:
A wa«Ynted » yr»-: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
*^ *v full sit- all work painless and
I warranted.' Cnl'agt Dental Parlor*. 24 gtott.
¦ nr, i niLUit HILI* »443 Market.nr.Eler«ath
I No charge for Wtractlng when pUtes ar»
class dentistry at low prices.
1 DR. R. L. WALSH has moved «roia MT Oeary
'• st. to PSO Oeanr. »
ARTHUR CHISHOLAT
floor. Phelan bid.. 80« Market, cor. OTarrm.
; ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
i tut,. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 009 MIssion.cor.gth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The "Weekly Ca£
r i« pages, la wrapper, for ma II tog. 11 P*t year
' DBBsaiiAjnBXSjLOT^ssAjanratsJMnBS
m^ow^ll rawMgrag^ KBOOU
! Oldest and test: thoroughly ™ U * M ?' „,__
World famous McDowell «y«t«a of ««*=«•
Oaly practical business course In millinery.
Patterns cut to measure; positions; rer.
' ";* m " ero 1Q19 Market St.. above. Sixth.
i McDOWXLL Dressmaking ft MUll , aer T t oi C < h Mkt7
Patterns cut to measure: ere, class ;101» Mkt.
, GIRLS and dressmakers to learn new 3artr*-
; tern of dreaa rotting. C. A. Johrston. 131 Post.
; Accordion, sunburst and kaif €-v\1*VS- 3 «jw-
art's button & buttonhole factory. UP Taylor
\ EPJTCATIOyAX. _
AT^the 8. F. Girls' and Women's Educational
and Industrial Union. 749 Buk^. EMlWh.
French. Oerman. Spanish, elocution. P*™t-
fng. mandolin, violin, guitar banjo, piano.
. siting, dressmaking and j»tt"»«ry J* 0 * 1 *
, for $1 50 p>r month: day and evening classes.
*. itTRfiER school than'ever. Oa June I we-
a— The LYCEUM, aa accredited preparatory
Tchori for university, law and medical eol-
tcnooi ior t Jor<Un or any Stanford
prSessor^ %«y?evenlng sessions. Phelan bldg.
A—The Paul Oefson School of Actlag rlrea
more performances and secure* men eogage-
ments for students than all otHer Wertera
schools: sycial summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R- ATRES. founder of Ayres Business) Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping-, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5* month: llfe^^scholarship
$50; positions secured, day, eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1433 Mar-
ket, gurantees positions to .graduates: Plt-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 avx
A— $60; 3 MONTHS' course In assaying at Cia
Van der NatUen School et Eaxtneertn*- for
$50. Box 1351. Call office.
ENGINEERING— ClvlL elec. mln.. roech.. sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1884: J>aa
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES fn short story writing and Journal-
ism meet oa Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m..
333 Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonabia.
BOOKKEEPING. En*., math., etc.; day and
eveTlndlvidual Instr. 306 Larkin at.. Prof.
T. A. HoWnscn, former pre*. Pac Bua. CoL
GENTLEMAN wishes to meet educated Ameri-
can to get English for electr. engineering.
•Box 1301. Call office.
PROF. BAKER'S Boxing School; open even-
ings 7 to 10; terras, 12 lessons $10; all pri-
vate. 121 Sixth at.
PRIVATE le*sons In telegraphy; rapid suj-
rrss assured to students. 24« Scott st.. neir
Halght. .
A— METROPOLITAN BtJs. Col.. «Q2 Van Km
s,ve.: positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pren.
! PIANO LESSONS. 38 GLEN PARK .WE.
NEW ENGLAND CONSERVATORY METHOD
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1332 Market st. Send for catalogue.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFt!h;pe*sAeademy
of languages.1013 Post; est. 1871 ;ablest profv
LEVRN watchmaking and engraving. Cali-
fornia Watchmaklne School. 723 Market st.
SPANISH clashes and private: fifth successful
. year of teaching. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
PIANIST and experienced teacher; harmony.
W. H. LIPSCOMBE, 820 Van Nesa.cor.Fultoa
WANTED — Voices to join new choral society.
Particulars 12CO O'Farrell. st. .
A JAPANESE wants place for teaehinx Jap-
. anese language. T. Y., 4 Carlo* plaoa.
KENT Law School; day and nlarht; »ead for
particulars. 536 Parrott building.
SIGNOR LA VILLA. "Italian Method of
Sinyinic." 546 Sutter st.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Mont f my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day aad
PARTINOTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business CoIIere. S4S Kalgbt;
Individual lnstruc; all branches; day. ere.
WESTERN Business College, 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete cours*. $6 mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.; prtrat*
CALIFORNIA Business • College. 923 Ooldea
Gate are.. S. F.: 75- page catalog on request.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
TTntt>rt Ftwtt* nr Canada, one year for 8L.
mgmiTPAiasM.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' last materialisms; Sun-
day eve.. o*29 Ellis st. ;' Monday eve.. 1023
Fifty-third St.. Oakland; 5Oc
MRS. dTOP HARP'S full reading test seances.
25c: Sunday. Tuesday evenings; sittings
dally. 273 Ninth st.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' last materializing Sun-
day eve.. 32S Ellis st.: Monday «vc.. 1023
Fifty-third st.. Oakland.
MRS. WAYBORN. medium: reading* thia week
25c. 60c; clr. Man.^Frl.. 8 p. m. 1233 Market.
EARLE'S test and slate seance to-night. 1032
Ellis st.
Dead- trance medium: genuine, unique success-
ful; circle Tues.. Thurs.. 8 p. m» 323 Ellis.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 1206 Market st.. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall $L.
SStiS 17th st.. San Francisco: tel. Capp 830..
ci^ArRTOYAirrs. *>
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION.
OF TUB NOTED LIVINGSTONE
READINGS. $1.
He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised rrcmi3e.
He Is acknowledged by all who consult him
aa a true exponent of the occult science* for
j overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
; ness. love, family and financial worries- would
j It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that ar»
troubling you and of the schemes of your enr-
' m'js. that you may meet with better success?
Then don't fcesltat* until too late
Go at ence to LIVINGSTONE,
; WTk> Is permanently located a't
423 Udily st.: lady attendant.
¦ Everything strictly ccuCUential.
I . Three serarate recertlon parlors.
OliARS t«m|.!« of occult science and Oriental*
I mysticism: clairvoyant sittings. $l; aatra!
life reaitnis. something to guide you taroufia
I life.
By the peat sUeat currents of occult force
.. this wonderful man caa aid you to obtain
your d#str*a: turn ntsfortcne Into haimtness
and misery Into snecess; Instruction In all
branch** of occvlt sclmw. -levelcrraew of
r>e<i'\im*Mp ty Hlrrtoo msthed. Learn ta u«e
toe' great -tnvt.'tb!* force* around yen. FnT-
•tect .vours»»f .from otlwrs. Thwart your
enemies. C*it this <-.ui '^^
218 Kddr St.
Hour.*. afterno*n r.rul eventnara.
A— Miss M. Wllle. aao ehh, clairvoyant crys-
tal s«er an-J life reader, will tell you exSw
what ycu called tor without tsWi-Ta^u^-
tion: name, given; -sp^u,, „. h££ VtoSi
fi^-fift 'tEfc
A— CAMERON « CO., Pbon» South 1C50.
S Eddy st.. «or. Market and Fovtll.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels ana
All Kinds Business Chances. ,
108 rooms; rent only $3 50 per room: long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house,
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance oi
lifetime to get first-class bouse that Is clearing
$330 to $450 at bargain; owner obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer; ex-
clusively with us.
26 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease: fine
downtown location; 2 entrances: everything In
! flrst-clas3 condition: good furnltum and car-
I pets: clearing now $200 per menth; If run tran-
sient caa clear $300 to $350 per month; here la
best proposition In city.
7-room. modern Cat, close In. well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain U sold at once; $300.
C5 rooms: best downtown commercial hpuse
In city; clearing now $300 p«r month; every-
thing first-class condition; wi!I trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In' California; must leave city.
21 rooms; eheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
Boat leave city; make an offer.
128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us,
60 rooms; new, modern building ; elegantly
furnished: clo«« In; full flrat-class people;
clearing a handsome" profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-dato house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $143; nsw and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; flne proposition;
rood lease.
90- room, new modern 2 and 3 room 'apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
I equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order: clear-
[ lnc now over $200 per month; always full; best
j buy in city; account sickness; price ?450O.
S ISO rooms: grand, new modern apartment-
i house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
I rent; flne lease; paying $500 to $00O per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain If taken
at once; dissolution of partnership..
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; 8-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable mon«y-
maklntr house; part down, balance reasonable
Interest.
9- room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture: gocd carpets; must sell by September
5; urlce $100. r y- :
75 rooms; grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years" lease; close In;
clears $400 per- month; $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. . .
23 rooms; central; 4-year lease: clears $103
over all expenses; moit elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
1C rooms; rent $CS; good furniture aad car-
pets; always full; must sell within noxt ten
days; leaving city; make offer.' .
84 rooms; cheap* rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In flne shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2300.
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
(A WIRELESS MESSAGE)
(From)
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Read)
(and be wise.)
¦404 Hearst blc|g.. over Examlmr entrance,
cor. 3d and Market sts. ; phone Black 3607.
We furnish abstracts and guarantee titles.
NEW AND MODERN HOUSE- OF 19 LARGE
rooms In a quiet, respectable neighborhood;
attractive house with pretty entrance and re-
ception hall; newly furnished and clean;
clears $90 monthly; mostly apartments, henco
very little work; all bright and sunny outside
rooms; It's a nice bay-window house with
HOT AND COLD WATER In every room;
newly calcimined, new plumbing, a ii in first-
class condition. To examine this house see
MARION GRIFFIN.
BARGAIN— Just listed; must be sold by 10 a,
m., Sept. 17; 17 rooms of good furniture and
carpets; 3 blocks of Market: 2 years' lease,
price $6€«; reduced from $1400; house full of
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.
DEPENDABLE houses are greatly in demand;
w* have one of 100 rooms, clearing $453 •
monthly: books open for your inspection ; long
lease; low rent: make offer: easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOME apartment house. 85 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished; rent only $150;
long lease; over $10 u?r day clear profit;
for sale at a bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
ONE -thousand dollars less than its value will
take a nicely furnished 16- room house; quiet
and respectable; clearing $7tS per month. S»e
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEAR Van Ness ave.; only $57 rent: modern
hotife: good furniture; 14 rooms;- splendid lo-"
catkm; $850. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house., grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over XlCiO a month: 10
rooms. MARION GRIFFIN.
PARTLY furnished; 30 rooms: 19 newly fur-
nished arul 11 unfurnished; $130 rent, with
lea?e\ $1230. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANBIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years'
lease; clears $200. MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; clearing $125; all
permanent roomers; If you want something
NICE, ltt us show you this.
MARION GRIFFIN.
C HOICK location; 00 rooms; rent less than $5
a room for the building; lease: oak and ma-
hogany furniture. MARION GRIFFIN.
H. C. DECKER Phone Jones 531
90t» MARKET ST.. COR, STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His success in selling hou?es over 23 yean
In San Francisco Is a guarantee of his fair
dealing?. He guarantees title and sells the
bargains to his customers. See him.
II rooms; Mason; new furniture $ 3CO
60 rooms: Market St.: only 2500
8 rooms; McAllister St.; flat 450
31 rooms; to trade for small house .. 2500
25 rooms; Sixth and Market: rent $100. 1300
IS room*; Ellis st.; new furniture 900
45 rooms: boarding-house: flne corner.... 25CO
30 rooms: downtown: reduced to.. 1100
0 rooms: fine piano; on Sutter ft toy
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised,
u to 460 rcoois: prices $50 to $40,000.
H. C. DECKER. 9C0 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
110-ROOM HOTEL and ROOMING-HOUSC
All Modern Improvements.
Clears $450 Over All Expenses.
- Small amount cash, balance as you make
It out of the profits of the house; price re-
duced to $KC0 from $12,000. DECKER has
¦ tbls bargain. Office. OOt! Market st.
10-ROOM. NEW. MODERN HOUSE.
. .Elecar.t furniture,
Cest $2<sX> to furnish.
Reduced to S1200; only KOO cash.
SEE DECKER. 006 MARKET ST.
22- ROOM house: r.ne corner.
:•-.-¦-¦¦•' Rent. Only $50.
Clears $110; prlco $700, worth $1200. For
sale by H. C. DECKER, COG Market st.
EXCHANGE for rcaminc-house — Fruit ranch-
fine place. See DECKER, 800 Market st. *
FLAT of 10 rooms and hath: new. elegant
furniture; cost *KiCO; must sell; offer want,
rd. See DECKER. 8C« Market st.
SO ROOMS; rent $00; clears $00 $ COO I
27 rooms: housekeeping; rent $43 '. 1200 !
C»! rooms: rent $.100... COCO i
S r'*>nvs; nicely furnished: with piano. 575
30 rooms; attractively furnished 3CCO '
rs rooms; rent $C5 ;........ SCO •
'¦'A rooms; rent $103... ..." l'?C0
C5 rooms: rant SCO lido •'
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 100SU Market st. j
MITCHELL 4 CO
law Market ft. ..tV. ,'..'.... Phone Jessie 20SI
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and !
flats B3\i to suit purchasers;t!tle3 guaranteed I
:..... MITCHELL & CO.....:.......'
09 ROOMS. Bush st.: Al location; rent $000- ¦
lease; well turnished; landlady owns proper- I
ty, wishes to retire; make offer. MITCH- '
.ELL. liCtf Market st. . 1IVH
FOR sale — Rocming-house. 11 rooms: chear'ul
and hcmclike: cheap rent: pleasant location-
?30O. Box U2Z. Call of flee. «™uon.
$C50— « ROOMS and bath.: Eddy st.. few blocks
from Market;. good location. Box 2174, Call.
TO let — I new" modern houses ;"unfur.; rent
$3 per r.: central: also fur. houses and'fUU'
for sale: genuine harcalns: nothing mis-
represented at cur offlce. SAX FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. lft Tark st. Pfcone Mint 741.
A SNAP — FurrUh«d flat. 8 rooms and bath.
f223. ?TH Leavrnwcrta St.. cor. Turk.
$550— LODGINC-HOUSB of S rooms, well fur
mtbed. at 143 Sixth it. call 1 to 5 p. m.
: - " ;. ¦:-' ASTHMA CPSS. ,': ¦
DINOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instant-
ly; .10c 25c, 60c. 1C02 Market, St. Nicholas;
-- also Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BOARDING rOB CHIUmEX.
WOULD like a small child or Infant to board;
good references. 413 Bartlett st., lower flat.
WANTED— Little girl to board. 2262 Mis-
sion .st. .
CHILDREN boarded: mother's care; best of,
references. ¦ - 316 Fifth ave., Richmond.
-~~~~~^U~ JL?.?.°? S •'' ' ' '
ECHOOL books, old and'nTwT'boaght and soldi
DALY A CURRAN. sn7 Oeary st.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugg also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.:
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng workg. 355-867 Tehama St. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1800 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. .
MITCHELL'S. 210 Fourteenth Et.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CGNKLIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works.
33o Golden Oate ave. Telephone East 12P.
HOPKE BROS.; excell«nt carpat beating: mat-
tresses mado over. 143:.' Howard ;t»l.South 21tt.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleanlns Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.;tel. Mission 203.
CI i EAPEST ond best In America— The Weskly
Call. 16 pases, Kent to any address In the
i-nlted States or Canada on? year for $1.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrowlnc nails removed;
palnlryg. • Pit. WOODRUFF. SG.» Market St.
cr.OTai yo bewovathto.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1: rcourlng and
dyeing. Bon March*. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
I ~~~ S5^5? CTIO7r OP?ICE i!L_i~_
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
! city or country. Paciflo Collection Co.. 415
Mont g°m*ry. rooms 0-10; tel. Main 55S0.
_„• susiHEss^caArrcES^
A— sToub; BAKEKyT best ""ioca'tlon In theTlln-
: elon; rent $15; all store trade; baking IU,
barrels p^r day; 4 years' lease; (i living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE, 26Ms Kearny st.
A— $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse: oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16; a good paying busl-
ness. See R. G. WIKE, 2(J<4 Kearny st.
A— $900; BOARDINcTnnrl rooming house: 30
i rooms: kitchen, dinlne-room, 37 beds; good
paylns and old established house; lease.
j Call R. G. WILKE, 2«H* Kearny Bt.
A— $2500; HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms
across the bay; 5 years' leas«; rent $75; bust.
. ness first class, p&ylng; finest location in
good business town. U. O. WILKE, 28%
Kearny st.
i A— $900: CORNER saloon on Fourth St.: rent
I $30; living rooms; lease; a place established
i years and well paying. See IX. G. WILKE,
; 26',4 Kearny st. k
i A— $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakesy. lee-
: cream and, candy store; rent $45; dally re-
I celpts about $35; business clears from $150
to $200 per month. Call IX. G. WILKE. 28fc
Kearny st. .
A— $1200;. CORNER naloon on Folfotn si.: rent
$26; place doing a tirst-claM paying business.
See G. WILKE. 2C',4 Kearny st. i
A— $1780; 'BAKERY, estab. many years: dally
receipts $00; baking .'Mi barrels iiay:vi y bent
Ioc.it'n. Particulars R. O. W1LKE.2UV4 Ktarny
' ?200O— BARBER shop: 4 chairs; elsgnnt oT-
I turcs and clearing at least $5<> per week;
i rent $75, including 7 rooms; located In tho
choicest buelncts part of tnls city. Call R.
G. WILKE. SU^ Kearny st.
< A-»$700; DELICATESSKN, branch bakery an.l
fancy grocery; 4 nlco living W»n»; rent $25:
daily rect'lpts about ?20; best location north
of; Market st. Call R. O. WILKB, 20}4
• Kearny st. .
i A— $1SOO; CCRNER saloon; about t block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the l>eit lo-
cations in this city: rare chance. See R.
; G. WILKE. 2t)H Kearny, »t.
( A— $0500; SALOON, one of the best on Market
• tt.f 4H-year ltase; rent $107;' place is ele-
' gantly fltteVl up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. See R. G. WILKE. 2tJfc
Kearny st. . . v
A— $2000; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.: 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horss,
wagon and 3 iotvs; 5-year leas*. See R. .G.
WILKE, 2U% Kearny st.
A— $30P0; CORNER ffrocery and bar on Fulton
«t.; rent *6u: Ilvlnir rooms; stock will in-
! voice about S-SOO; a well established and
l first-class pnyinsr business. See R. G.
j WILKE. 2f.Mt Kearny st.
' A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district: owner bought ranch
I and sacrifices; «aloon established years; a
first-class paying place. Sen R. O. WILKE,
2C>£ Kenrny st.
A— $S0O: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50; rlace dotnc a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sundny work. B. .G. WILKE. 26« a kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
I tile lunch;- on Montgomery St., vicinity of
California; t>lace must be sacrificed on ac-
.-ouiu. of 111 health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2(i% Kearny st.
$60O— RESTAURANT; north Market. near
Koarny; stands Investigation; rent $60. See
BERG, 318 Kearny.
$150— PARTNER: heed partner more than
money; call at once. See BURG, 818 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE: lease 4 years to run;
rent $50 n gee F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
FO"R sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms.
• : or to lease fur 5 or 10 years; a flne located
home and established health resort, 27 rooms;
several mineral pprtnga on It; old age the
cause. I For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S SPRING. Bartlett Springs,
Lake County. Cal.
FOR sale— Good Investment; clothing, hat and
furnlrtilns poods store on easfslde of Kearny
ft., bet. IliiFh & Suttsr; only reason for «ell-
Inc the prop, ha* another etore to which he
wishes to devote his entire time. CalUor ad.
POPULAR PRICE HATTERS. 330 Kearny.
INTEREST for jialc !n grand Santa Crua Mt.
ranch In order to develop mineral, clay and
coal oil prc»pect» (all in sight) and to open
retort; bert chance to make money on coast.
Apply to K.. box 1056. Call offlce.
$1000 — GENTS' futnlshlnjt goods, stationery and
notion store; established ten years; six years'
iea«e; transfer corner; splendid location;
business coed; full amount Invested; rent
$40. Ailflress owner, box 2 IS", Call offlce.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm
desires services of reliable, energetic part-
ner with $"r.0; larsro and Increasing profits:
* no competition: permanent; steady ¦ income;
experience unnecessary. Box 4CS7, Call offlce.
FOR pale — Splendid opportunity for man and
wife: a restaurant' In be*t location that you
are looking for. For particulars address box
1047. Call of flee.
ADVERTISER has lccntod large tracts of wild
rubbar In virffin Jungle; wants partner; prop-
osition will pay 100 per ocnt first year. Box
1121.' Call offlce.
FOR sale— News and stationery store; well lo-
cated: long e.«tahli»hed and doinp; good busi-
ness. For particulars address K. F. FRIEND
. 420 K et., Sacramento, Cal.
FOR sale— Restaurant and oyster house; 1568
Market St., near Larkin: owner has 2 places;
cannot give right attention to both. .
FULLY ' cqulpp?d and Rood paying butcher
. _ shop for rale; $5C0. Fcr particulars apply
at S01 Eddy Ft.
FOR sale— Dairy. 30 cows, 3 horses, 2 wagons,
flno private route; with or. without lease. Al-
pen Rcse Dairy, 0 Otcsa av., nr. Ocean View.
$3C00 — GOOD ccr. saloon; -long lease: good lo-
cation; best beer seller In neighborhood. Box
i, 1270. Call office.
$4CO— A 'STEADY ' man as partner In paying
business; easily learned: no night or Sunday
. wcrk. Box im;- Call offlce. .
YOUNG, cnercellc. reliable business 'man
wishes to invest flOOO, with services, in pay-'
in^ business. ¦ l.ox Olti. :Call offlce.
WANTED^-Sultable party, to start ; bay ' and
_ river . freighting office: ¦ no capital : required;
frco rent. ; Box 1015. Call office.
PARTNER to buy half interest- in established
•nursery and landscape business; good chance
for. right man. Box 1110. Call office..
FOR sale — Eureka House; 14 , furnished rooms.
"858 Howard st. _ .
WANTED— Small restaurant or' chophouee;
must be reasonable. Call: £36 Howard st. ¦-¦
FOR ale — Fine Bulletin route. . Address A.
' SCHROEDER. 140 Pacific ave.. Santa Crna.
FOR >ale^-2-chalr barber shop and 2 house-
kceplnff rooms fumisb*tl. , Inquire Call offlce.
0AEXAM) ADVERT'S'M'TS
OAKLAND KEAIi JCSTATB... ¦* "^
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC.,
10C0 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
IMPROVED.
$11UO — Good buy In West Oakland; only takes
small amount to handle this; 4-room
bouse; balance less thaa rent.
_
$2300 — New five-room modern cottage, right
en Key Route; only 80 minutes from Mar-
ket *t-. San Francisco; must be seen to be
appreciated; 37:6-foot lot.
$2400— Must b» sold; a cute little 1H -story.
C-roora house; convenient to Key Route
aad town; street worV. all done; In Ane
condition.
117
t -000 — New and modern 7-room house on north
sloe of street; luge lot; handy to X«y
Rout*; easy first payment, balance Ilk*
rent.
$2750— Here's your chance to buy a new. mod-
era 6-room house; ooaveolent to Key
Route; small cash payment, balance same
U rcut; lot £1*115.
$2500— Pretty litU* home; convenient to town;
modern and sew ft-room cottage; this Is a
cfcanc* tor some one.
$t.V>0— Tea per oeot investment; two fiae ft*
room modern flats on best residence
street; excellent neighborhood; between
Grove, and Telegraph; S minutes from
center of town.
232.
*Tooa— Two beautiful 6-roorn. up-to-date flats,
lust completed; three minutes' rid* from
business section; best location; near Tcle-
srajph and Webstar; rents $S40 per year.
11700— Cozy little cottage, 6 rooms and bath,
la North Oakland; convenient to two car
Sines, this Is a soap; half cash; 25-foot
lot.
73
UNIMPROVED.
1800 — T*o Sft-foot froatages; convenient to
Kej- Route and on north slds of street;
street work all done.
»?
$900 — C5-fnct frontage; near Telegraph and
Key Route; street work all done.
$1000 — 40-foot frontage; near Telegraph and
K*y Boute; street work all done.
SANTA FE- TRACT.
BEAUTDTUl, 40-FCOT LOTS IN OAKLAKU
AND BOUTH BERKELEY, RIGHT ON THB
KET ROUTE AND S. P. LOCAL: ONLT 23
MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO: PRICE*
fcCOO TO $S00 AND UPWARD; ONE-FIFTH
caeh. balance $15 and $20 per month:
all street work done; branch of-
fk3b on thb tract open every day:
vo better opportunity near 8an
francisco for home seekers and
investors; send postal for de«
bcripttvt; map and pictures of
beautiful homes,
holcomb. breed & bancroft. inc..
1000 broadway. oakland.
ban franc1rco agent. alexander
MACIvIE.
_ 83 MARKET ST.
TAYLOR BRO8. * CO..
RZAL ESTATE. INSURANCE AND
FINANCIAL AGENTS.
TTLEFBONE CEDAR R51.
1236 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAL.
HANDSOME BUNGALOW.
$X,"IO — t;x large rooms connecting by folding
dnort: handsome staircase; front finished
with bun* brlrk; large lot; one block from
Key route; fine lake view; a dandy in
•v*ry respect. D
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
$7,600— Fcur stores; lot 50x100 feet; between
Broadway and Washington sts.; income
$£40 per annum; ground alone worth
more than the price asked. R
CONSIDER THIS CAREFULLY.
t21,0C0— mj*ir»«ss corner en Broadway. 100x120
fe*t; Improvements, stores on first floor,
flats above; paying $lS.*>0 i<*r annum net:
cmund alcne is wurtlt the price, and
building* are vrorth at least $12,000; our
contract soon expires, when price will be
materially advanced. We earnestly re-
qut-5t investigation.
RESIDENCE LOTS CTTR SPECIALTY. j
Let us «acw yuu Peralta Heights. Morse
Tract. Lake Merritt Park, Boulevard Heights.
l.nli- View Trrrsce and a few specials in '
Lla£a Viyta. Vemuti Hclrhts and Piedmont.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.
A FKW SNAPS ~ "
WALTER E. LOOAN * COMPANY,
inne Broadway. Oakland. Cal. i
Sl£Of! — 20 acre*, mountain ranch. H ml>» !
from Santa Crui. y, mile from Hen Lomond,
Rar.ta Crus Co.: four cottages, sixteen build-
lnm la all on the p'm.-; aplendld water, 6000-
sralion tank; orchard, etc.; cottages rent to
siimmrr boarder*; pictures at office.
tZZTid — BQxSSO; 2-story house, seven rooms and
t>alh. hich bnyemrnt: two liarr.s; sixteen trult
tre.-s. ii-ars. cherrtrs. apjiies. peaches, etc.;
northwrrt oomer Mlrsnda ana Clarcmont ave-
riue, ni-«r Te!.<grai'h-avraue car; no reasonable
offer refused.
$W3 — 60x131: iviio snd Rose avenue, Pled-
tBOSt.
$2250— Four tots, 50x160; Clarcmont avenue,
opposite Hudson street.
WALTER E. LOCAN & COMPANY.
__^ I00t» Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
B&MDTI BA UO A INS. "
W250— N»w modrrn 6-room house, with lot
S7*100. in choice location on 2lth st. E Oak-
land.
$5760— UcauUful home of 8 room*, with ele-
gart furniture; nunt I* sold; account own-
ers departure; lot 50*100; sunny exposure;
tirsr Orove st.
CtOOCi — Another E. Oakland lures In: flne 2-
story 7-room residence, and lot 46x100; splen-
didly located on 13th ave.; easy terms.
t.U.V>— Reduced for a quick sale* extra
• hole* resident site; t^xlK. ftet: in beautiful
college Hoichts; 31th and Webster sts.
$*(«>— EJ*irant terraced let. 40x140. on th*
crown of the hill; 7th ave. and E 20th at I
craml \iew-; surrounded by beautiful homes.'
fi'.VXl — Kine <l-room cottage; rlcht In center
«f town and Uw best bamafn ever offered.
HHLDEN. REAL ESTATE.
1112 Proadway. Oakls nd.
$1.1 A MONTH— Cottage of 6 rooms; nearly
new; tS5th st.. Oakland: s«aaU cash deposit-
a barraln. Owner 673 37th St., Oakland; at
home Sunday.
$7Ki— SPLENDID let Firty-flfth st., near Key
nout* nation. Address box 1.151, Call of-
fice. Oak'.and.
A BARQAIN— F1n# lot. near Fiftieth st- Ad- I
6rrt* hex ir^2. Ca:i office. Oakland.
OAKLAJP HOUSZ3 TO LET.
JilX i.wn.i; -Uid. near Market.
$1C-Flat 5 rooms; 1272 7th st.
Cory corner cottaare; 2 rooms; flne eondl-
tica; 27tfa and West.
M ? < !^I r -.. 5 " r " rm rcll **« m nne condition:
l-*nT Marl.it. ncsr 14th.
S3S5 HOWE ft., Oakland; Piedmont termlnui
Ko- route; . f.r.e rooms, bath, pantry: elec-
tricity; splendid order; craad view.
BEKINS Van ead *Tcrat» Co.. furniture mov-
_*"!.' Brcad»-ay; p^cn«' Main f»O7.
OAXI^ASD rXTB3TISHJSD HOUSXS.
OOZY 5-room cottare, near Key route local,
fully furnished; rwner going away; send for
big catalogue of vacant houses. GEO W
AUSTIN. 1002 Broad w»y. Oakland.
JONES, 31^-^omjilclely furnished modern
lower gat; call II to 1. . .. " rouern
OAicuAjrp aooats.
FOR rent— A large front ruotn; suitable for 2
person* ; near business center; $2 per week!
713 Eleventh «t.. Oakland.
SIXTEENTH. US. Oakland— Nicely furnished
moms to let: sertlcmen preferred.
q AKT.a ttd rTntjxTURj i*qb sale.
VO-kORKOW the day fyr be^^aiT7a~ruriEn !
tcr». 11. st..cor.stare.OakUad. j
1IOUSC t« let: fumitcr* fcr die. Address I
t>ox ISSj. Call office, Oaltlaad. •
CHEAPEST and to^st la America— Th. Weekly
Call. !« pace*, seat to axy address la the ,'
United r i a i ¦ » cr Canada one rear - for *U
HILL VALLEY AD VET'S'IPTS
, ¦
31 ILL VAI.I.KV. REAL BSTATaft.
KAIN OR SHINE.
UOOD WEATHER OR BAD.
Never mind If it Is cola, foggy or windy la
the City: ro to Mill Valley: you win end It
iharmlRs there. You don't realise that so
areat a difference ran be possible In so short
a ride. Take Sauulllo ferry and new electric
oars to Valley. We have aa offlce there.
«>ur land is rlcht at the station. Great large
luts trtth good views; some are beautifully
wooded. Price $400 upward. Terms. 10 per
cent cash; balance $10 monthly. New tasty
homes are tprl&slng up rapidly. You can't
buy the lot for anywhere near the price In
the city aad get Into a desirable location,
surrounded by good neighbors; it take* no
longer and costs no more to go to Mill Val-
ley: *-• over to-day crd see for. yourself.
iend 1 for maps, etc . LTON & HOAO,
suwpay Ccmtinnta.
DR. JOHN "A. KEROAN'S free lecture this
evening CrysUl Hall. Pythian Castle. 009
Market st ; subject. "The Doctor and His
Duty" ; followed by views of a visit \to
Alaska; free tickets will be distributed for
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium on Tuesday
evening; remember the question box; special
music.
"NOW." lesson-lecture, Henry Harrison Brown,
subject. "Telepathy and Thought aa a Heal-
ing Power"; psychic demonstrations by Sam
lExton Foulds. This is the second of a
specially prepared course on psychic and new
thought lines. Stelnway Hall, Sutter st.,near
Kearny ;good music; 23c'; reserved seats' COc.
EUGENE V. DEBH, candidate for President
on the Socialist ticket, speaks In Woodward's
Pavilion, Fourteenth and Valencia sts., Sat-
urday, September 24; doors open at 6; meet-
Ing to commence at 8 p. m.; 10c; reserved
seats 25c.
READY-LEWIS debate — Watch the news-
papers; exact date next week; Woodward's
Pavilion Fourteenth. and Valencia sts., mid-
dle of October: tickets for sale at the Debs
meeting, September 24, same building. .
HENRY FRANK :
of New York, Golden Gate Hall, II o'clock
TO-DAY; "What Has Become of Old Fash-
ioned Religion?": Prof. Greven's vocalists;
free; collection; ls«t lecture but one.
G. W. WOODBBY, celebrated negro orator, and
N. E. RICHARDSON, Socialist national com-
mltteeman, will both speak to-night at 8 in
Carman's Hall, 310 O'Farrell St.; free.
OCCULTISM— The Insplrers of David AhelskJ
wilt deliver an address entitled "Ideals, the*
Salvation of Humanity," to-night at 8
o'clock, at 1416 Sutter tt.', t collection.
VEDANTA Society— Swaml Trlgunatlta's lec-
ture to-night at 8 oil "What . Is God, Ac-
cording to Vedanta?" at 40 Stelner st. ; ad-
mission, 2"c. ¦
"JIMMIE H1GO1NS" ol Colorado fame on
socialism, next Thursday, 8 p. m., Turk-st.
Tfrinnlo; fi-cn. ¦
MEETIJTft NOTICES.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.
—Initiation MONDAY EVEN- .-r^SsSefet
ING, September 12.
13. IV LKDFORD. N. G.
WOODMEN OF THE x4
WORLD — Officers and tftirT ' "l&
members of liolden Gate .^JyS-r-^TjywHS
Camp No. C4 fu»- hereby f/tc.V*PS^&*S^y
requested to nsspmble ut •¦'¦•at'""'
Cypress Lawn Cemetery •
in San Mateo County, SUNDAY, September j
11, at 2 p. m.. to attend the services of un- j
veiling the monuments erected to deceased j
neighbors; A. JOHGENSEN. R. A. SAMPLE, I
H. HERMAN and P. CURRIE. ;
XV. D. FERGUSON. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O-DONNELL, Clerk.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Good-SPS*? 7
fellowship Camp 0633. M. XV. of A., \V I
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at £Ai
Fraternity Hall. 35 E<ldy St.. San ' Tf V
Francisco. W. II. EDWARDS, V.C.
W. J. ELLIOTT, Clerk; offlce. room C27
Emma Spreckels building.
TO etockholders El Oro Mines Company — The
annual meeting of the stockholders of Kl i
Oro Mines Company will be held at 1115 Call I
building, 8«n Francisco. Calirornta, THURS-
DAY, September 22, at 11 o'clock a. m., for
purpose of .electing directors for ensuing
year and for transaction of such other busi-
ness as may properly come before the meet-
Ing. By order of board of directors.
E. J. DAVIS,
' Secretary El Oro Mines i'oini*any. j
THE California Debris Commission having re- j
reived application to mine by liy<l re ulic process ,
from Jas, «;.. lla«er In Mount Pleasant mine, \
near Spanish Ranch. I'lumas County, Cal., '¦
•Irainlrs Into Spanish Creek, which reaches j
Feather River, elves notice that a meeting j
to receive any protests will be heM at room i
09, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., Sept.
20, 10C4, at 1 :.".<> p. m.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application t" mine by hydraulic pro-
cess ircm Mlk« Corcorsn Placer Mining Com-
pany, in Poiar Stur mine, near Dutch Flat,
Placer County. Cal., draining Into the Little
Bear River, which reaches Feather River,
Rives notice that a ro»eting to receive any
protests ul'l be held at room 60, Flood build- I
j ing. San Franciico. Cal., September 19, ll)0i, j
at 1:30 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best "in America— The Weekly
¦ ' Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
; United States or Canada one year for $1, I
j pottage paid. ¦_ ¦
j AGENTS WAWTED. j
I ONE agent in a factory town mad* $3 in a sin- '
rle noon selling our PATENT NO-SEW BUT-
TON; entirely new; no sewing required; se- J
cure agency now; camples (worth 25c) and i
particulars free by mall for 10c;*pe.rmanent'|
l«..»itlon and calary for successful agonu "1
j No-Sew .Button Co., Beacon bldg., Boston !
J Mars. ........
! WANTED— A good party to take the agency
j for my electro -radiator for treating and
healing all kinds of rheumatism, chronic and
nervous diseases. PROF. WM. RICHARDS,
inventor and patentee, offices at 10104
Washington tt.. 'Oakland, Cat.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman, fair education. I
to travel for firm of $250,000 capital; salary '
$1072 per year anil expenses; salary paid ¦
weekly; expenses advanced. Address, with !
stamp. J. A. ALEXANDER. San Francisco, j
WE are prepared to supply profitable perma- |
nent employment to several men; $10 to $30 i
weekly comfortably possible. Kushlon •
Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway, Oakland, j
i MAIL $1 50 for one dozen fountain pens; will '
: sell on sight at 23c each: act as agent: many •
', aernta sell 5 to 10 dozen daily; earn $200
| monthly. FIELD CO., 3»7 Bush St., S. F.
CORRESPONDING rjrent wanted In every
Postofflcw town on the Pactflc Coast: no
soliciting AdJrew Shaw Trade Library.
410 Cro*«ley building, San Francisco.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided Improvement on building and loan
la worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment CcmDany. Parrott building.
AGENTS make from $3 to $10 per day selling
"Silver Salt," the easy way to clean silver.
1067 Oak st.. Oakland.
PERFUMES, cosmetics, flavoring powders.
PACIFIC AGENTS SUPPLY CO.. 1220 Treat
avenue, San Francisco.
LADY ac?nts— Victoria protector; samp.63c;bl«r
seller; catlg. Western Syndicate, 70UB Powell
AGENTS — Ready selling specialty; 60 per cent
commission. Room 00. 010 Market street.'
PORTRAIT aeents: best proposition for city.
231 Pest St., room 4. , > ¦. -.
A BRANCH office of The Call Wf 1 the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10<).s Market St.. opposlt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
«, . ASTBOEOOY.
CONSULT ASTOR. famous N. Y. astrologer;
man of ability. OOT Market; booklet mailed.
¦ ATTOBggYS-AT-LAW.
R. W. KING, Attorhey-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
6th floor; entrance room c;i; established 13
years; all cages, general court and . offlce
liractlce; no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
fpecialty; private, quick; no pay In advance;,
mining companies organized ;patente obtained.
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.;cstab. 22 yrs.
PENSION atfy— M. Harris, 916 Market; r. 51;
13 years' practice; re?, many thousands of
.soldier*, saltern, widows and orphans on Pa-
cific Coast fcr whom I have secured pensions.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: quick, quiet:
all law buttress; no charge unless success-
ful: open evenings. 027 Market, room 201.
COLLECTIONS. attachments, mechanic's
liens, probate, tenants ejected. Attorney, 652
Market rt.. room 2.1.
DIVORCE— Costs, $12;. quick* quiet; advice
free; all law business; no charge unless suc-
cogful; open evenings. 827 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs In advance; all lair business; < office
cpen Saturday evenings. , 819 Market st., r.33.
PATENTS. American and foreign. EONTAG'S
• PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine St., 6th floor.
L, S. CLARK. !»27 Market, r. 304; consultation
fr*e: no fees in r.dvsnce; open evenings.:
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, r. S3, 910
Market: f I.John CC2C: solicits yqur business.
_ AirrOMOBIIiES.
AN v unusual bargain; 2- seated genuine "Do
Dion" runabout in good order; cost $1375;
used le«s than a -year: $250 net cash takes
It; don't m'.ss thl». Call or writ* 6,75 Thlrty-
glxth st., Oakland. . , . .
WANTED — 1004 Oldstncblle; either runabout er
with tonneau. ' In exchange for- 10 acres of
choice table grapo land. Sacramento Co.;
value land. $ < SQO. Address box 15. Oalt. CaL
DOUBLE motor electric automobile: strong
machine: good to. eouvert; ¦•• cheap. -
O'BRIEN'S, Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.'
WANTED— An automobile: reasonable and In
good * order. Box 121S, Call ; office.
IX>COMOBILE." 10-horse power; 2 seats; In
- pood running order. Call ; 473 Valencia ' st. . ¦
BtBPS, POOS. 3ETO.\ :; V
HARTZ Mountain canaries & African gray .par."
rets, Just received. A. C. Robison, 235 Kearny.
[ CHTOCTt SgATlCliiS.
i UNITARIAN Church (First), S.W. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford Leavttt.
• , minister. Junior church and Sunday school
are at 10 o'clock; Rer. Bradford Leavitt
and Charles A. Murdock. supts. Sunday ser-
vice ts at 11 o'clock. There Is no evening
service. Mr. Leavitt will preach; subject.
"The Saloon and the Bishop." Music by
quartet, under direction of H. Bretberick.
organist. All are oordlally Invited.
i ¦' i . . ~
1 UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen.
tleth and Capp sts. (Take Mission or Va-
lencia st car)— The Sunday school meets at
' 9:43 o'clock. At the morning service, at 11
o'clock, ths Rev. Jay William Hudson will
f preach. Subject, "Three Bulwarks of His-
torical Christianity.' Music by orchestra and
choir under the direction of 'Mr, Jabish
Clement. All cordially Invited. No evening
! service.
F1RBT Presbytertsa Church. Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento ist. — Rev. William Kirk
i Guthria. pastor. Services at 11 a, rn. aad
' 7:45 o. m. The pastor will preach at both
i services. Sabbath school, 8:40 a. m. Chris-
tian En£eav»r. 6:30 p. m. Wednesday, S
p. rn.. mid. week service. Friday, 8 0. m..
Men's Club rneotlnr. An Illustrated lecture,
"Yellowstone Park." by W. K. Guthrle. All
i are cordially Invited. . ¦ ¦;; '•
— 1
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, oor. Jackson
; and yillmore sts. — Iiev. John Hemphlll, D.
D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock ;
•ernion topis, "A Sure Foundation." Even-
Ing service at 7:45 o'clock; sermon topic,
"The Faculty of Growth." The pastor will
i preach at both services, i Sabbath school at
0:80 a. rn. Christian Endeavor meeting at
0:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
lng at 8 o'clock. All are cordially invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church corner
Webster and Page sts.— Rev. Herbert E.
Hal's, pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
sermen by Herbert XI. Hays; theme. "Jacob
Becoming Israel.*' Dventnic service at 7:45;
sermon by Herbert E. Hayv; theme, "The
Apostle Thomas." Sunday school at 0:45
a. m. Christian Endeavor, 0:45. Prayer
. meeting every Wednesday evening. Pastor's
residence, 56U Waller st.
TRINITY Prevbyterian Church, corner Twenty-
third and Capp sts.—- Rev. Edward K.
Strong, pastor. Public worship at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Bible school at 12:30 p.* in.
Endeavor Society at 0:45 p. in. Next Wed-
nesday, S n. m.. a course of Bible study In
the life of Christ will bo begun. Strangers
welcome to all these service*.
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, cor-
Der California and Octavla sts.. Rev. George
Granvllle Eldredge, pastor. — Morning service
at 11 o'clock; evening service at 7:45 o'clock;
Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.; prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. Strangers
are cordially Invited to all services.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st..
bet. Buchanan and Webster — Rev. I. C.
Mewerve D. D., pastor. Services at 11 a.
m. end 7:45 t>. m. The pastor will "preach
In the morning and Rev. L. P. Hitchcock of
First Concregatlonal Church, Alameda, in
the evening. Sunday school at 9:30 a. in.
C. E. Society meets at 6:45 p. m. Visitors
In town are especially invited to these
services.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason streets — Rev. George C. Adams,
D.D.. pastor, will preach at both services.
At 11 a. m., topic, "Forestalling Provi-
dence." At 7:45 p, m., topic, "Prove Me
Now." All are cordially Invited.
THIRD Congregational Church. 15th st., near
Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor. Sup-
ply Junric September Rev. Henry I*. Long,
IX D., of Philadelphia. Servlocs at 11 n. m.
and 7:43 p. m. : subjects: morning, "The
Vls|on-S««lnjr Soul": evening, "The Way."
All are ocrdially invited.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission Ktreet, be-
tween Sixth and Seventh — To-day is the
fortieth anniversary of the organization of
this church, and all the exercises of the day
will be In celebration of the event. At 0:30
o'clock a love-feast will be held under the
leadership or Dr. C. V. Anthony, a Tonner
pastor. At 11 o'clock the present pastor. Dr.
George W. White, will preach a sermon np-
rroprlate to the occasion. There will bs rpe-
i-ial exercises at the Sunday school at 12:45
p. in. and at the Toung People's meeting at
0:13 p. m. Then at the evening service a
platform meeting will be held In which there
will he brief addresses by representatives of
the different departments of the church. The
pastor will srlve the closing address. The
subject of all the addresses will be "The
Outlook for the Oiurch In me Future." Ev-
erybody Is Invited. Special music. Seats (
i-i^L i
j SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal ¦
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach I
at 11 a. m. and 7:43 p. m. Evening topic, j
"God's Choice." the last In -the series on
"Life's Great Choicts." Splendid munlo by
chorus under the direction of I. E. Blake.
¦ Sunday -school at 12:.10 p. m.. C. B. -Perkins
i superintendent. Epworth and Junior leagues '
i at 6:45 p. m.
GICACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner j
Twenty-flrrt and Capp streets.— Rev. F. M.
Larkln. Ph. D.. pastor: residence, 3168 i
'*_ Twenty-flrrt street. Services at 11 a. m. and
| 7:45 p. m. Sunday school, 12:43 p. in.
Morning subject, "The Journey of a Soul."
Evening subject, "Industrial Troubles and
the Duty of the Church.."
GRACE Church. California st,. corner of Stock-
ton — Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Celebra-
tion of holy communion 8 a. m.;. morning
Fervlce ;i o'clock: Te D*um (Dow) in C;
JuMUte (Gllchrlst) in A flat; offertory, bary-
tone solo. "Draw Near. All ye People"
(Mendelssohn); full cathedral servioe 7:45
p. m. ; service, Selby. In E; sermon at both
sen-ices by the rector; organist and choir-
master. William H. Holt.
TRINITY Church, Bush and yGough sts. — Rev. I
Frederick W. Claropett, D. D., rector. Holy j
communion 7:30 a. m., Eunday-sohool 0:30
a. m.. morning service 11 o'clock: evening J
service S o'clock; the Rev. Frederick W.
dampen will preach at both services. You
are heartily Invited.
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy St.— Rev.
Thomas Baldwin. D.D., preaches at 11 a. m.
«r.'l 7:30 p. m. Bible school at 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor, C:30 p. m. Prayer
meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p. m., led by
Rev. XV. B. Hlnson of San Dtato, -wtio' will
iTneh on the ISth and 25th lnst. All cor-
dially welcome. Seats free.
FIRST Church" of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. in.;
subject of lesson-sermon, "Matter." Sun-
day school for children at the same hour;
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock;
free reading-room, 206 Kearny at., rooms
5C8-510: all are welcome.
THE PeooU's Church reopens this evening- in
Elks' Hall. 223 Eutttr «.. at 8 o'clock. A
reception will be given the pastor, Mrs. Anna
L. Gllllsple, who has Just returned from an
extended Eastern trip. All are cordially
. invited.
"A CHRISTIAN In Every-Day Life" will be
the unique subject of the address to men
only at the Young Men's Christian Associa-
tion auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets,
this Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock by Com-
mander C. B. T. Moore of the United States
navy. All seats In the hall will be free to
men. Commander Moore Is an exceedingly
interesting speaker snd has had large ex-
r-erlence with young m«n. All men invited.
MISSION to Israel meets at Bethel Half every
Tuesday and Frldsy at 7:43 p. m. Sundays
at 3:30 p. m., '.'3fl Hcward et.. San Fran-
cisco. On Tuesday evening next Miss M. J.
Glsssey. a missionary from Jerusalem, will
give an account of her work. 'She will be In
ths native dress. •
BUDDHIST Mission. S07 Polk st. Every Bun-
day at 11 a. m.. service and sermon. To-
day Rev. K. Hori wilt speak on "The Dawn
of Salvation."
MEETHTQB— gggPAT.
• MME. MAXWELL, convincing spirit messages;
Monday. Thursday. Friday. 8 p. m.; names
given. 1264 Howard st.
A— TESTS. I. O. O. F. bldg., 2-S Wilson. "8
char? Dr. .Cowan;, lOc*
MME. YOUNG'S test meet, to-night. 10c. 5C4
Hayes st_. nr. Gough. Private readings dally,
1720 Sacramento, or. Van Ness; come skep-
tics.
¦ CHILDREN'S Lyceum, every Sunday; 10:30.
; Market and 7th, Odd Fellows', 2d floor;
| free library! '
J CIRCLE to- night, 10c Prof. Eabllck. Egyptian
j occult, daily 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. <ou Kills,
• cor. Larkla. . •
MRS. KUKRHAKDT. test meeting to-nl^ht,
10c. 2»*7 San Jcs* av*., nr. 23th St.; Valen-
cia car. ' \ <
ABBIE HARLAND— Test m»»t- to-nlrht. 10c;
fcealed letters am.: read dally. 143 Sixth st.
C. MAYO-BTEOSRS, S5«S Seventeenth st.; read-
ings by appointment, also mall. Tel. Capp S30
FRIENDSHIP Hall. SS3 McAllister et— Mrs.C.
J.Meyer; siudaily; testa to all every er.;j0c
W O. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
SPIRITUAL tneettnx: room 8: cor. 7th and
Market; 2: Mr. and Mrs. Howe: others.
EARLE'S test and eeaac* to-night. 1003 Ellis
street. ' - . ' " - ¦ - .
stthpat xacTtmaa. ., -
O. N. ORLOW 8 subject for this evening in
Golden Gate Hall (upper), C23 Sutter, at S
"Gainers by the Preheat. War."-
Instrumental and vocal solos. Admltslon free.THE SAN FRANCISCO; GALi:;VSUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
43
CXAIBVOTAgTS— Contlnnod. _
A Phenomenal $5 Mental Reading for SL
Tlie great — ELLSMERE — Ellsmere — The
great Egyptian seer, palmist, medium; the
greatest elalrvo>ant In the world; tcils your
naxst. what you called for. whom and when
you will rr.trrv. about business, etc.; Ells-
mere Is aiSercnt from ether clairvoyants
because he does what they claim to do;
•hin e -E that are beyond ordinary understand-
ing:, thl&cs that seem impossible: he gives
you Information, relief, success, satisfaction,
power aaii control of arv character affecting
any one or anything past, present or future;
he tells you just what you may expect and
what to do for your best Interests In any
matter; he awakens a natural force within
and around ycu. giving you a 6«cret power to
remove the cause of any trouble. Influence,
unhappiwes*. disease, poverty, failure or bad
luck that surrounds you; he opens up a way
fcr succecs and happiness you desire; a power
to . »ecrrtly change the thoughts, , actions,
habits or Intentions of any one, even miles
awaT: remember there is no guesswork when
you eonoult him; if affairs of the heart or
emotions of love Interest you. he gives exact
and truthful advice on all love affairs; he
advizes you haw to settle lovers' Quarrels
and enables ycu to win the esteem and love
of any one you desire. «
a offices. 1007H Market street 8 offices.
Open Sunday, every day. 10 to 8. Mail, S2.
AA — CALL at once and save J-J.
My famous »5 reading* this week for SI.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell If husbanfl. wife
or rrreetbrart Is true or false, whom and when
yon win marry: In fact I will tell every hop*,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength in mental
and bodily vigor, and luck thar insures success
In business, mining, speculation; I Implant the
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, and cause
marris.se with cne of choice, 10 a, m. to 8
i'. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell st, 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOU8
Clairvoyant amd business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third «t, next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past reveals the
present happenings snd portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
celt this great medtum and you will be told
bow to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25« up: satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
ZSMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St. Ban Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. : eundsye, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 4 to 1 Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Krrmenhenr. palmlst.clalrvoyant. card
reader: when others fall try rne; good readings
25c. 721 Franklin.pr.Q.G.av. Tel.Larkin 4207.
PALMISTRY. c*ri -reading. MISS L. KAHN-
TVB. 704 4 Larkln; 10 a. m., » p. m.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and pshychie card
reader; leadings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. 612 Jessie.
MME. MARSEAU— Card reader; ladles 25 cts.,
gent* 50 cts. 545 Minna st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c,
gent* 60c. 851 Misulon. rir. 6th: open Bun.
MR5 CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladtes only. 421 Hyde st
lins. BAtTMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st
racpiiOxTgggT ornoES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
•uppHes best help promptly; city or country.
6. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A — ORPHECM Employment Office — Jspsnese-
Chine*e help. 426 Powell st: tel. Main 5752.
CHIN'EFE Employment Office — Best help st
I^on Seung's. 411H O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
WT furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. "NATIONAL." 6C9 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE -Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Frits Tamagakl. cgr. ;tel.Bosh 659.
RTLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; aU klsis help. 315 Stockton: Main 5158.
CHIXEFE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPi«OTTang3rT wamtxp— rragAi.E.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a situa-
tion es housekeeper where there is one or
fo-o children; is a good plain cook, fond of
children; reasonable; no postale. 138 Henry
st. between Fourteenth and Fifteenth, near
Noe^
WOMAN* to do Trashing or housecleanlng. Call
CS Minna Et. •
WOMAN wants position as nurse. 752 Elev-
enth ave.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants place as house-
keeper. Box 1125, Call office.
WANTED — Position as cashier in restaurant
1024 MtsFir.-n tt.
WANTED — MSS. typewriting for authors. 902
Powell st.
WANTED — A position In wholesale bouse by
competent stenographer. Box 1C95. Call.
YOT'NG lady wishes position as saleslady.
MR*. B. NEWMAN. 1C33 Valencia et.
POSITION as sele*lady~wa~ste>; beet of ref-
erences. €14 Sutler st.
COMPETENT lady stenographer desires posi-
tion; best of references. Box 954. Call.
REFINED woman wants a situation as wait-
ress. Box 052, Call, office. ..-. - ¦¦•
WANTED— A position by a competent bill
c'tri:; three years' experience. Box 957. Call.
WANTED — Copying to do at home. Address
bcx 1091. CaJl office.
WOMAN wants situation to do housework by
the day. 2SH Tehama et.
YOUNG lady wants position aa child's nurse.
Address y-$ Howard st . '
MUHIC teacher would like position. Address
1C23 JSddy_st
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position
in law office; good references; state salary
end psrtlcolsrs. Box »72. Call office.
WOMAN wighes plain sewing. 226 Tehama
street.
DRESSMAKER wlnhes position. 535 Oak et
POSITION as wrapper. Address box 953. Call
office.
YOUNG crirl would like to nurse a baby. 122
Fourth st.
WANTED — By respectable woman, washing
by day or half day. Please call at 2275
Harrison *t
WOMAN wishes work by the day. house-
work, washing, etc. 7C8 Bryant et
LADY would like to work by the day. Box
1125, Call office.
SEAMSTRESS wants sewing by the day. Ap-
ply 2200 Mission it.
NUREEGIRL wants work. 2244 Mission st
WANTED— By a New England woman, a sit-
uation as ccok and kitchen work. Call or
address New England Woman, 45 StanUy
vier-e. off Harrison st
DRESSMAKER wishes a position. K0 Fifth
etreet.
WOMAN went* washing end ironing by the
day. 521 Valencia st
• WANTED— Position for practical nurte. 1031
Howard «.
LADIES' tailor wants a good position. 1212
Howard «t.
SITUATION es a tsllprcrs. 275 Church st
LADY wants plain sevtlr.g three days a week.
Hex 1022. Call office.
HOUSEWORK, cleaning, scrubbing or any
kind of light work; office cleaning. Box 1023,
Call ofBce.
A\ OMAN wants work in the country. Box
HC4. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day! good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 1027. Call.
WANTED — Place to take charge of house at
housekeeper; good references. Box 1059,
Call office.
KIKKT-iLABS chambermaid. Address box
1CS8. Call office.
¦WANTED— Plain sewing by the day. Box
1C70. .Call office.
SITUATION to make buttonholes. 545 Lib-
erty et. . .
LADY «anu to do washing. 2Q24A Bryant
utrcet. :
YOUICG lady would like plain sewing by the
<l«y. 544 Jeesie tt.
LADY wants work; washing or housecleaning.
£»4 Fourth st.
POSITION as housekeeper. Box 1278. Call
otficc.
POSITION wanted as seamstress. 'Box 1306.
Call office.
§GIUL wants position as apprentice In millinery
store. Box 1302. CaU office. . ,
GIRL wants position as telephone girl. Box
130L Call office. ' . .
A WOMAN wishes general work: . city or
country; good cook, washer and lroncr; not
afraid of work. CaU 143 Third rt. room 22.
Box 1111,
WANTED— Situation as clerk. Box 1115. Calt
office. ¦ . . ' ' . '
BOT 'wants "V position a« errand boy. Box
966. Call office. .
EXPERIENCED grocery salesman wants po-
sition, city or country. PHIL SCHU. 101
Powell st. ..-•¦.
BUTCHER wants Job. 1218 Howard it.
WANTED— Situation as carpenter. 1 1CS0 How-
afd tt.-- .- - ¦¦¦ * ¦ ¦¦'.'':¦¦¦-
FURNISHING goods salesman wants a posi-
tion In first-class house. Address 238 Mont-
gomery st. - • ¦ ¦—¦¦¦¦
POSITION by competent bookkeeper. Box 113J, !
Call office. s !
ELEVATOR boy wants position; references.
H. CURRAN. 130 H Fourteenth st
WANTED— Position as porter. 865 Market
street. .'.-._. ... ,.. ....¦'
BOY 16 wishes a position on a farm or chicken
ranch; willing to work; good references. Box
1112. Call office. .
WANTED— A position as cash boy. Box 1136.
Call office. ¦-..¦¦¦
BOY wants a job In a tea store. Box 1111,
Call office. - . : . , . :.
YOUNG man wishes position aa salesman la
hardware store; has had 10 years' expe-
rience. Address box 1137. Call offlee.
BOY 14 years old wishes a steady job. 8136
Pierce st.
SHOE clerk wants city position.* J. GREEN-
FIELD, 2023 Pacltic ave.
BOOKKEEPER, thoroughly competent, up to
date In modern systems of i accounting and
correspondence, seeks posltlcn. temporarily
or permanent; highest references. Box 938,
Call office. •' ' .
YOUNG ¦ man would like elevator position In
- office building; has had- experience. Box 935,
Call office.. .
BARBER wants position. Apply 1557 Mist
slon st. . -
BOY wants a position In a wholesale house;
" references. Apply at 1326 Eddy st .
BLANK book forwarder wishes employment.
Box 961. Call office.
WANTED— A position as cigar clerk. W. G.
TAYLOR, 20 O'Farrell st. '.,''¦
YOUNG . man would like position driving
wagon. Address 1054 Market tt.
COAT finisher wants a posttlon. 1312 Howard
• street.
WANTED— A position as porter in wholesale
house. ; Box 043. Call office.
BOY wants a position as errand boy. i Box
942, Call office. • ';¦
YOUNG man wishes position in wholesale
house. H. H.. 1014 Clay st.
YCUNG man wants a Job in a wholesale house.
913 Filbert st , „ . _^
WANTED — Light, employment of -any kind.
Apply ROBT. CHRISTIE, 30 Post st.
WOULD like to work as porter. JAMES
Harris; 744 Howard st ¦ ¦
WANTED— Position as hat salesman. 1322
Market st. . - :
MAN wants position as bushelman. Apply 649
Taylor st; ' .
WOULD like work as janitor. Apply DAWN
WHITE. 744 Howard st. t}.v
WANTED— Work of any kind. J. SHEETS,
767 Folsom st. •
TAILOR wants job. 112 Natoma st.
GARDENER wants job. 235 Natoma st
SITUATION as a tailor. 620 Howard st.
WANTED— Position as candy maker. Address
box 1021. Call office.
BOY wants job In a hat store. 252 Natoma
street.
WANTED — Position as stenographer evenings.
842 Lombard st.
SHOE clerk wants position. Address W. H.,
2415 Pacific ave. 1
BOY wants a Job In a tea store. 654 Mission
street.
WANTED— Position as elevator bey. 819 El-
lis st. -
POSITION wanted as clothing salesman. B.
KCHIFF. 133 Ellis St. ;
SITUATION as a stableman. 620 Golden
Gate ave. ' ;
WANTED— Position as painter. 746 Ellis st.
MAN wants work by the day. 2076 Bryant
street.
SHOW card writer wishes position. Box 1025^
CaU office. . .
WAITER wants position. 1146 Mission st.
WANTED — Position as draughtsman. Box
1026. Call office. '
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply HAR-
RY MULLER, 620 # Bush st.
WANTED— A position as first-class butcher
In a flrst-class hotel. 277 Stevenson st.
BARBER wants job In the country. Address
J. NEWPORFER. 76 Harriet st.
SALESMAN wishes position. Box 1033, Call
office. , ¦ *
TAILOR wants situation. 171 Hunt street.
DISHWASHER wants work. .206 Third st
WANTED — A position as porter for Sundays.
M. WEIMAR. 455 Minna st.
UPHOLSTERER, first-class hand, would like
' a position at a custom shop. 1521 Devlsa-
defo st. .
GOOD barber seeks steady position. 459 Min-
na st.
WANTED— Position as waiter. Apply 809 Mis-
sion st. ' ¦
SITUATION as Janitor In small office building.
Box 1293. Call office. '
COMPETENT bookkeeper desires position; can
operate standard machines. Address, mak-
ing appointment for interview, box 1295, Call.
SHOE clerk wants position. W. HOWELL, 20
O'Farrell St.. room 24. . 1
WANTETP-A position as porter. Inquire at
26 Fourth st.
WANTED— A job a* watchman. I. BERRY, j
810 Powell st . . , -
WANTED— A position as drug clerk. Room 1
' 5. 422 Sixth st. :
POSITION as j model-maker. Box 1207, Call
• office. '
YOUNO man wishes position as clerk or bar-
tender In the country. G. R. N., 100 Hick-
- ory ave. : • ., l -' •. ¦ . -
WANTED— A position as. cashier; bond given.
Box 12S4, Call office.
COOK wishes a situation In saloon. 1523
• Powell st .
A'MIDDLE-AGED man want* position as Jan-
itor, night watchman or elevator man. Box
1287. Call office. 1
A CITY salesman desires a position. O. S.,
121 Sixth st
WANTED— A position as barkeeper for Sun-
day. T. FLYNN, 771 Howard «t.
PORTER wants situation. Address box 12S0,
Call Office-
SHEET -metal worker desires steady position.
!-, 2C9 Langtch et.
WATCHMAKER and Jeweler wants position; |
• 2 years'^ experience. Box 122T,"Call office, j
POSITION wanted as carpenter In a large
hotel ; or firm. 1242 Pol k. at j
BARBER wants short hour work. 927 Turk
street '.. . y:. .' ¦ ¦'. . ; ¦ " ;. >¦¦ : |
A YOUNG man desires work of any kind. Box !
1220,^0811 office. ; : ' • v ;' :¦ "-i'..-j
BRIGHT Japanese boy wants situation In good <
> family. Addrets H.. W. K... 332 Washing- I
'.. ton :st:'^'^ .".';. ;, 7; ".;;'• •' .! - .[.:*:/
OFFICE man with executive ability, strictly 1
up to date in accounting and correspondence. !
seeks engagement: will audit or systematize; '
: references. ¦ Box 1210. ' Call. '.- * ;- ' .
PLUMBER*' wants position. 100 Fourth st
AN experienced bookkeeper wants to get work
Sundays - and • evenings. - , Box 1200, CaU. ,.
A NEAT; boy of 15 wants a. position with a
well-known printing firm. C. SMITH, 1319
- Point: Loboa ave... _^.;. .::
WAITER ¦ wants posltlcn. • C2; Fourth ' st. "
AN experienced^ elevator operator wants posi-
'¦"¦.< tlori. ' ; ;Ni P.. 12 Geary .court. '
WANTED— Position as - janitor. . Apply 320 "
-Jessie st. • H. JONES : .:¦¦ '-¦¦..-,.. i
ACCOUNTANT. ' 18 years' experience, capable, I
.economical:^ office manager; < German; coun- 1
try preferred.; Box 1118. Call offlce. • |
EMPIiOTMSWT WASTES— remal«--Oon
LAUNDRESS wants place for Tuesday, Thurs-
day; |1 W day; steady. V. M., 243% Harriet.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as housekeeper.
1 861 Harrison st.
MARRIED woman want* position as cook.
2218 Mission St. ¦ . ,
GERMAN girl wants place to do housework.
850 Golden Gate. ave.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
finements or Invalid*; cheerful and painstak-
ing; references; moderate rates. MRS. KING,
1159 Turk st. . ¦' ¦
A LADY wishes - housework. Apply ' 365
Minna st. .-».¦.-
FIRST-CLASS laundress (German) wants work
for 2 or 3 days. Call Sunday and Monday
(no postals), 128 Silver st
A STRONG young woman wanta house and
window cleaning. 30A Page st
SITUATION aa a seamstress. 318 Church st.
SITUATION as a talloresa. 220 AiMtln ave.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
elderly lady. Box 1423. Call office.
WANTED— A place as chambermaid. Box 1605,
Call office. ; v
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and designer (re-
ception dresses a specialty) desires a few
more engagements; SI 50 per day. 1264 Cali-
fornia st.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day; terms reason-
able. Box 1619, Call office.
REFINED woman. No. 1. housekeeper and
1 cook, wishes position for widower or club.
Box 2193. Call offic*.
AMERICAN woman, young and strong, wants
work by the day or half day; 75c and SI 50.
Box 1264, Call office.
COMPETENT young lady desires position as
general office assistant; references. Box
1265, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. 145
Hyde st .
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day. MR8. KAY. 549 Stevenson st
SEAMSTRESS wishes work at your home. . J.,
1548 Polk st.
POSITION wanted as governess or in private
school or convent by thorough musician; 14
years' experience teaching; piano, singing,
German and English branches, literature.
Box 1435. Call office.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailoring . and coats,
evening gowns, shirt waist suits, cutter and
fitter; all work guaranteed: engagements
by the day. MISS BARSS, Sherman House,
2S EIrhth st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day; $1 80: perfect fit guaranteed;
dresses altered. Address box 1251. Call.
POSITION as housekeeper by a widow j good
cook and seamstress; .city or' country. Box
1261. Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged lady, position aa
housekeeper. 1C05 Fulton st. near Lyon.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing or
housecleanlnr: *1 50 and car fare. MRS.
OSGO">D. 115 Hayes st
WANTED— Few families' washing to take
home. Card or Inquire 2819 Baker et.
YOUNG lady wishes to- coach children or
adults In primary and rrammar studies. Ad-
drees MISS A. I.. 1032 Sanches st
WANTED— Dressmaking by day. 871 Filbert
street.
WANTED — A situation by a trained nurse.
Address MRS. M. GARDENER, Golden Gate
P. O.. Oakland. Cal.
WOMAN wants plain sewing at home. Ad-
dress box 1428. Call office.
WANTED— Position; stenographer; reference.
Address 2012 Howard st.
WANTED — By refined young lady, position as
bookkeer>er. Box 1430, CaJl office.
STENOGRAPHER wishes a posttlon with a
reliable firm. Box 1616, ' Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day. 1258
. Howard ' st
YOUNG woman wants Job as chambermaid In
hotel. Box 1423, Call office.
A YOUNG German lady, with a child of 4
years, wants position as housekeeper in good,
small family. Box 1382, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Position by girl of 17 to learn
millinery. Address box 1606 Call office.
YOUNG girl desires position to do light house-
work. Box 102. Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
an/1 housecleanlng. 932 Powell st,, near Clay.
A LADY wishes housework. Apply 265 Te-
hama st
GIRL, 16 years old, wants to take care of
child. 618 Minna st.
A SWEDISH laundress wants to go out by the
day or will take washing home; all ¦ work
neatly done. Box 1610, Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by the day; washing
and ironing; $1 26 flnd carfare. Box 1434,
Call office,
YOUNG lady would like a situation as office
assistant. Box 1624, Call office.
WANTED — Pcsltlon as bookkeeper; best of
references. Box 1623, Call office-
YOUNG lady would like a place aa stenog-
rapher. Box 1C20, Call office.
YOUNG German woman wants to do house-
ckanlng: SI day. Address MRS. V.. 9 Rltch
st, off Folsom, between Third and Fourth.
DRESSMAKER wants work by the day; SI 75.
1423 Polk st
WOMAN wants mending to, do by the Cay.
2024A Bryant st.
WANTED- Position as nurseglrl. 954 Har-
rison et.
REFINED North German nurso and governess
would like situation as day governess; can
teach In German language preferences given;
compensation moderate. Address ' box 1260,
• Call office. ¦
YOUNG lady wants position i as bookkeeper.
Box 12CS, Call office. ,
YOUNG woman wants housework or washing
mornings frcrn 8 to 12; 75o and carfare. Box
1271, Call office.
A YOUNG lady would like position In candy
store. Box 1C08. Calltof flee.
A YOUNG woman wishes, position ! as second
pirl In small family; references. Box 1617,
Call office.
WOMAN wishes ' to assist In restaurant or
boarding-house.* Call at 7 Baldwin Court, off
FoUom st. near First.
A YOUNG lady who wrltts a good business
hand desires position as a copyist; can oper-
ate typewriter; references. Address • T.,
Eatcn's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st
FIRST-CLASS, dressmaking at home or by the
day. 4C7 Van Ness ave. ,. . , ¦
A LADY would like to care for residence dur-
inc absence of family. \2110 McGee «t,
Berkeley. . ,
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes to work
for families. Phone Cedar 142, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by strong girl of 18 for
second work or care of children; wages S20.
. Address box 19. Dlmond P. O. ¦
POSITION as collector; best of references:
bond' If required. Box 1440. Call orflce.
GIRL wishes position as bill clerk. Box 1G26,
Call oiDce.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by the
day. Apply. 737 Howard et.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires outside
work.' Box 1430, this office. '
AN experienced yonnc. woman want* house-
work; American family; Is a good cook;
wases $25. Box 1592, Call office.
A YOUNG girl would like to learn trade. Box
1C2S. Call office.
A STRONG woman . wishes wortt washing on
, Monday :' half day,. Friday, sweeping and
ducting. Call Saturday evening or Sunday
145. Twelfth _st - . •¦
SWEDISH girl wishes general . housework;
wages 815/ 2386 Bryant St.', near '22d.
A YOUNG lady, wants a'.pcsJtlon in some "of-
flee" 1 , '. inexperienced. , Box 1289, Call . office.
A" YOUNG woman' wants position' as working
v housekeeper in hotel; wages S2S; would go to
'country; experience; rets. Box 944.; Call. %.--.-
LADY .wishes position as " companion ' for el-
derly lady or gentleman: Is refined and plays
; the piano: Address A, Call office; San Jose.
THREE Finnish young women want positions
in. families; general housework; references.
329% Third »t. ' - ¦, : ¦-_:-;. .;?;'.-.-c:.;« ;.;;
YOUNG " ; lady " wants position in a 'dry \ goods
store. Address box 530. Call office.
: 3BMP&OTKEWT VAgTED-MAIt.
YOUNG man wishes 'position as hardware
• clerk; 10 years' experience. • Box 1036. Call.
POSITION as Janitor. Box 1040, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as a collector or
- outside work. -Address box . 1043. - Call. •
GARDENER wants' position. 127 Laurel ave.
WANTED— Situation as laborer. 1720 Howard
etreet. ; ... .
ACCOUNTANT will audit, systematize or do
back or current work for portion of time;
highest references; reasonable. Box 1C98.
Call office. • • ''"'¦'
SITUATION as a clerk.. 120 Turk st. ... : ; L
COMPETENT stenographer wishes position In
country; references. > Box 1037. Call office.
"WANTED — Situation as . chauffeur. 1185 Mar-
ket st. ¦-¦-:..¦-'¦
MAN wants work In wholesale house; handy
at anything; wages no object. Box 1033.
Call office.
MAN" not connected with any union wants
work In wholesale house: handy at figures.
Address box 1032. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as shipping clerk.
Box 1031. Call office.
YOUNG man wants a position as hat salesman.
1316 Ellis st. : | -. _
MANAGER of pants department. 2 years* ex- '
perlence. Box 1038, Call office.- ¦ :-
MAN 35 wishes position as collector.. Call "at
1007 \<i Folsom st. ¦ ¦ . .
WOULD like work as elevator operator. JOHN
COCH RAX. 744 Howard st.
WOULD like work as porter. CARL MA-
CHERT. 716 Larkln st. . . - x ¦
YOUN*O man of 23 would like posttlon in com-
mission house; references. Box 1065. Call.
WANTED-r-Posltlon as plumber's helper. 1320
Stelner st. ....... , ' .
POSITION as timekeeper ' at mine. Addresa
box 1050. Call office. -
BOY wants a position as errand boy. 5 Ship-
ley Kt. ¦ ' ¦¦
WANTED — A position as waiter. Box 1031,
Call office. ¦
SITUATION wanted as first-class salesman; Al
references. Box 1060, Call office.
BOY wants Job as a cash boy. 915% Filbert
street. ' -
WANTKD— Situation as porter in saloon. TOM
BLACK." 38 Fourth at:
BOY wants to learn trade., HERMAN GOLD-
' STEIN. 55 Shotwelt st.
WANTED — A position as barkeeper for Sun-
days. TOM FLYNN'. 36 Fourth st
PLUMBER wants Job. 14 Laskle st
SITUATION as solicitor. Address box 1053,
foil office. ' " ¦ ¦
SITUATION as collector. Address box 1054,
Call office. i ;'
SHOW card writer wishes position. Box 1062,
Call office. •
BOY want* position to learn plumber's trade.
i 544 Jessie st . >-
WANTED — Position as' errand boy. Address
A. L.. 627 Montgomery st ¦
WANTED — Job as candy, maker. RAY
STRICKLER. 6 Mary Terrace, oft Turk st
SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trade de-
sires a posttlon. O. S.. 455 Minna st.
JAPANESE college graduate wants a situa-
tion a few hours in forenoon; speaks very
fine. Address box IOCS. Call office.
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. S.
WOLF. 36 Fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer desires to change;
seven. years' law experience. Box 1068. Call.
WANTEQ— A job as baker's helper: can give
good references. JOE SMITH, 1415H Pa-
clflc ave. ~^
WANTED— A Job as elevator boy; references
and experience; wsjrej -wanted *9 per week.
CLAIR MONTGOMERY. 6 Mary Terrace.
WANTED — A Job as canvasser for furniture
house. Address box 1072. Calt office.
BARBER wants short hour Job. * B. J., 1435
Valencia tt. '..•".
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants position. Ad-
drfss EARL CARR. 004 Market st.
• EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes po*ltlon a
few hours dally. Box 1066, Call office. .
POSITION wanted by a bright, active young
. man as a: plumber's or steamfitter's helper;
has had previous experience af both. 'Ad-
dregs box 10C3, Call office. < •;"-• „
BOY wants situation. LOUIE GRAF, 302 FeU
street. :• . . .'.
GLAZIER wants work, city or country. Ad-
dress C. Z.. 2178 gutter st
WANTED— A position as porter. SAM TAY-
LOR. 320 Jessie st.^ '.- '
SITUATION wanted as a clerk. Addrets box
1104. Call office. • . . .
YOUNG draughtsman, graduate from Germany.
. with two years' experience in ."hop* and two
years" office work . In New Ycrk desires
like position in Sap Francisco. Address F.
LAZARUS. 216 Lenox ave., New York .City.
POSITION as salesman to call on retail gro-
cers; best references. Box 1130. Call office.
GOOD all round cook wants, position; saloon
preferred. 163 Natoma st. •
DRIVER wants situation. 2422 Howard st.
SITUATION as a waiter. 1409 Mission st
BOY 16 years old wants to learn engraving
trade. Box 1121. Call office. ;
POSITION as porter. Box 1120. Call office."
SITUATION as collector. Addreis box 1129,
Call office.
POSITION wanted a* barkeeper. Box 1126,
Call, office. •
WANTED — A situation as Jewelry clerk. Box
1123, Call offlee. . . ¦¦
FIRST-CLASS general machinist wanta posi-
tion. Box 1122, Call office. ¦-¦
WANTED— Position as shoe - salesman. 1S29
Market »t. ¦-..- . \.
WELL- KNOWN cordial and liquor salesman
' with an ' established ¦ route, desires position
with an established' houre only. Box 1132,
Call otflce.
BARBER with 6 months' experience wants job
to finish trade. Address J. NEWDORFER,
, 76 Harriet St. ' v?
FIRST-CLASS driver wants situation; best of
references. 117 Stevenson st.
CARPENTER wants work. 1711 Mission st.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position; references.
L. J. MAYER. 2415 Pacific st.
TAILOR wanta work; best of references. 1112
Union st.
COOK would like situation; best of references.
. Address 1117 Harrison et. . ,
COOK would like situation. Apply box 951,
Call office. ,
AN honest, respectable boy of 16 wants a
position with a printing concern. ' Box 949,
Call office. ; , .
WANTED — Position as ' elevator man by ex*
perlenced operator.- Box 948, Call j office. -
BARBER, wants a '.short hour job. -Address
J. W.. 70 Harriet st.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes position;
. day work. Box 947, Call office.
BOY wants position In wholesale house; refer-
• ences. Box 965. Call office.; . .
TEAMSTER wants Job. Box 967. Call of floe. ;
YOUNG man wants position as salesman. Box
008. Call office. -. . :
BOOKKEEPER." thorough. In correspondence
I and accounting; Al office man with executive
ability; systems and audits; temporary or
permanent: highest references. Box 970. Call.
WOULD like to get a Job as a porter.' Address
13 Third at;: . ,- ¦¦ v -¦ . - ¦
WANTED— Position as office clerk. Box 973,
Call » office. --.•'."-: • ¦-¦-.- --'_• -----.. ..¦¦-• ;.-:.
WANTED— Position in electrical shop. AcT
dress . box 074. Call office..: ;
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper wants attuat'on:
15 years', experience. Bos 945. Call office/ :
WANTEth^Posltfon as clerk; best of . refer-
ences.: Box 050. Call office. , '-.:'.
WANTED— A position . as errand boy In dry
- K 00^* -store.; Box 953, ; Call office. .-, .; ...
SITUATION as a presser. - 640 Mission et.
WANTED— Workas cook. Apply M. LEE 741
" Commercial . <t.*; -' : ~ ¦*":''.. ¦:¦
POSITION, as head janitor. Box- 1092, . Call
. office.' ' ".". ; : :-. %\ . : -.;;,
8HOEMAKER "would -like a ' position : years'
¦ experience; best of references. . 209 : Mission.
DRI VER. wants- position. - T.^WELFITT. Sara-
. toga House. ' Sixth st. ; . • <. . r - ,
TAILOR wants work. 101 Everett 1 st. '
EaCPIiOTMmrT WAHTISP— - remala—Con ;
GIRL wants position as typewriter. Box 1300,
Call office. . , , ;.-. Z,£:
PLAIN sewing wanted by competent woman.
257 Minna street
SEWING wanted by competent lady. 343
Mission street
GIRL wants, position as stenographer. Box
1300. Call office.
*A YOUNG woman wishes situation. • Box 1203,
Call office.
A DRESSMAKER wants work by the day at
13C8 Howard «t
EXPERIENCED typewriter wants situation
in wholesale house. Box 1294, Call office.
YOUNG lady, experienced mathematician, de-
sires lucrative position. O. M.. 187 Third st
SITUATION as nurse. Box 1285. Call* office.
WANTED — A position as stenographer; best
of references. Box 12S6. Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman and student son would
like position to take charge of rooming-
house or private place for small wages; best
references. Box 12S2. Call office. '
A WOMAN wants housecleanlng or washing
by the day. Call 55 Clementina st.
YOUNG lady desires position; clerical work.
O. M.. box 1213. Call office.
SEAMSTRESS would like plain sewing at
home. Address box 1208. Call office.
* 1 -^^ — — — — — — —
A WOMAN desires to do janitor work. Box :
1226, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants a few more engage-
ments by the day. Address box 1228, Call.
WANTED — Situation to do general housework.
Box 1230. Call office.
POSITION as bookkeeper. Call 2482 gutter st.
SEAMSTRESS wants employment by the day;
can cut and fit. Address box 12S1. Call.
A YOUNG lady wants position in a restaurant
as bookkeeper 'or cashier. Box 1290, Call.
A WOMAN wants to do wastllng by the day.
342 Minna st
GIRL wishes steady work of any kind. Ad-
dress 2u Madleon ave.
BEAMSTRESS wants steady work. Call or
address C75 Kansas st. bet ISth and 10th.
WOMAN would like to sew by the day. 842
Minna st.
SITUATION to do housework. 521 Bartlett
street t
WOMAN would like any kind of work by the
day. 1217 Howard st
COMPETENT American and German cook;
first-class references; car fare. Box 1221,
Call office. ' _ . ,
WANTED — Posttlon as nurse girl. Address
box 1225, Call office.
WANTED — A position ae housekeeper by elder-
ly lady. Address box 1235, Call office.
AN experienced stenographer wishes work for
evenings. Box 1223. Call.
RESPECTABLE Eastern woman: is a good
cook and will do washing; will go short dis-
tance In country: is kind to children; Amer-
ican family preferred. 794 Folsom st.
WANTED — Pcsltlon as ofSce assistant 1S05
Larkin st. ''¦¦ j
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants chamber
work. 324 Hyde st.
CHAMBER work or help In hotel. Box 1334,
Call office.
A FRENCH lady pianist wishes position; city
or country. Box 1315, Call office. «
CROCHETING done to order. 153 Tehama
street
A DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day or
at h> me. *2 and lunch; flrst-clara work. 517
Myrtle ave.. betweenO'Farrell and Geary
and Laguna and Otafla Ets.
HOUSEKEEPER with a child 7 months old to
cook for 2 cr 3 men; city or ranch. 558
Stockton et
CHAMBERMAID. $28 to $30 a month. Box
1328. Call office.
MILLINER desires engagements to trim at
private houses. 132 McAllister st; phone
Jessie 1443.
POSITION as seamstress. 42S Turk street
WAITRESS wants a place, city. Box 1363,
Call office.
LADY wishes to do light housework. 1721
Fifteenth ave. south.
WOMAN wants laundry or sweeping. $1 50 a
day and car fare. Call or address MRS. K.,
S64ij Mission St.. near Fifth.
POSITION as bookkeeper; references. J.,
1C75 Post st.
WANTED — By dressmaker, sewing by the day
or at home; children's work and plain sew-
ing included. Phone Scott 1324,
SITUATION as cashier; best references. 949
Eddy st.
DRESSMAKER wants work. 32 Eighth it
A COMPETENT idri wishes position, |25 to
$30; best reference*: no postal. Call Mon-
day. 119 West Park st.. near Mission: take
Colma car.
HOUSEKEEPER and companion with elderly
people by an elderly Eastern lady. M. J.
H., box 1381. Call office.
WANTED — Position aa governess or lady's
companion by accompllfhed young lady, with
references from best of families, recently
from Germany, talking four languages. Ap-
ply box 13a5. Call office.
WANTED— By lady of middle age. assist as
housekeeper: fine seamstress; In nice family.
Box 1389. Call office.
AN Eastern dressmaker would like a few
more customers. 307A Sixth St., MRS. H. E.
MEILLER.
LADY ivlfhes plain 6cwlng at home. Apply
843 Mleplon st. city.
POSITION wanted by experienced bookkeeper.
B*x 2170. Call office.
YOUNG lady would like position as bookkeep-
er. Apply £03 Howard tt.
LADY would like position as nurse for one or
two children; willing to travel. Call or ad-
dress 500 Post st
A WOMAN wants sewing by the day. 633
Stevenson st. _ y_
GIRL wishes situation at housework. Box
2164. Call office. '. =; ?.?
WOMAN wants cleaning or washing by the
day. 817% Tehama st
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes a position; un-
derstands French and American cooking;
references. Apply 2317 Post st
HOUSEKEEPER wishes position.' 408 Wal-
ler st
WANTED— Plain tewing by the day. Apply
622 Green st.
A GOOD Bcametrees wants sewing; 75o a day.
Box 2176, Call orflce.
WANTED— A position as cash girl. BECKIE
SMITH, 750 Fulton et
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the <lay; washing, ironing and housecleanlng;
SI 50 a day. Address box 1392, Call otflce.
WOMAN with, a child wishes .position; good
ccok. Box 1S70, Call office.
POSITION as reception ltdy in office. Box
2172. Call offlce f
STRONG, competent American woman, temper-
ate, honest, vants light sweeping and wash-
ins by the day: fine laundress: cheerful
worker; SI 25 and car fare. 189 Fourth st,
first flight, room 24.
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes a situa-
tion to assist with light housework In a
small family; wages $15 a month. Call 1VA
Bruce place; no calls answered without car-
t&re. ' ' /
YOUNO woman wants position as baby's nurse
and secpud work: American; sleep home-
references; cook, laundress, wants situation
also. Addrets Nurse, box 1414, Call offlee.
YOUNO woman Wishes position as house-
Keeper. 539 Oak st. . . .
PLAIN serrlna: wanted by competent woman.
62tt Liberty st.
POSITION to do second work. Call 2417 Clay
etreet.
A WOMAN wants work by the day.' CaU at 14
Guy place:. lower flat.
LADY wants mending. IIS. Ryan ave.
WOMAN wants to go out by "the day. Wednes-
days and Thursdays: $1 50 a day and' car-
.fare; no postals. ; 243 Tehama et.'., .:. '
BY young colored. woman, sweeping or. clean-
ing; by day or hour.'. Call or -address 16
Stockton i^lace. ' . . >
TRAVELER wishes position; excellent refer-
ences. Box. 1214. Call office.
WANTED — A position as barkeeper for Sun-
day. T. V. DUG1ON, 36 Fourth st
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply
ROBT. CHRISTIE. SO Post st
BARBER wishes position. Apply 37 Fourth
street. ¦ ¦
YOUNO man would like elevator position In
office building or wholesale house; has ex-
perlence. Box 1211. Call.
YOUNG man would like to do Janitor work in
theater. Box 1231, CaU.
WANTED— Position as dry goods salesman.
1224 Market st
WOULD like position as .clerk In lodging-
hettse. WILLIAM BARTINE. T44 Howard.
WANTED— A position as bartender. O. WOLF,
828 Jessie st. '
1 CARPENTER desires work; * contract or by
day. 2027 Taylor at. '
WANTED — By experienced man, position In
cigar store. Box 1224. Call offlee. v v
WANTED— Work as porter. JAME3 PAR-
BONS. 276 Thirteenth st.
MAN wants to saw wood. 88 Belched st
HAN want! to do sewing. 2933 Sixteenth it.
WANTED— Position as drug clerk. EDDIE
SAMPTER. 2O O'Farrell st.
MAN wants to 'do cleaning. 2933 Sixteenth st.
STOCK clerk would Itks posttlon In large shoe
¦tore. Apply 147 Third st.
YOUNG man wishes position in evening after
ftp. m. Box A. B. C, Call office.
EXPERIENCED clerk wishes position in pic-
ture frame store. Box 1203. CaU office.
BOOKKEEPER wants a position. Address
204 Twelfth st.. city. J. H. HAMILTON.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk would like a
posl'.ion. 216 L-iavenworth st.
BOY 18 years of age, would like to learn
plumbing trade. Address box 1296. Call.
CARDWRITER wants position. Room 20, 160
Golden Gate ave^
JOB wanted as elevator boy. Box 1306. Call.
JOB wanted as laborer. Box 1305, Call office.
MAN wants job as porter. Box 13C5. Call.
JOB wanted as errand boy. Box 1304. Call.
JOB .wanted as bookkeeper. Box 1303, Call.
POSITION " wanted aa private secretary. Box
1SC3. Call office. '
JOB wanted as exercise boy. Box 1302, Call.
MAN wants job as chauffeur. Box 1301.' Call.
MAN wants job aa bakery wagon driver. Box
1299, Call office. t
FIRST-CLASS toolmaker wants position. Box
1207, Call office. -__
WANTED — Work as gardener. MACK MC-
DONALD. 154 Tehama street
WANTED— Work as bartender. Apply 15
Third ; street. R. MURRY.
A YOUNG man wants work. Box 10, Call
office.
WANTEDfA position as collector In whole-
sale houiie; best of references. Box 11. Call.
WANTED— Job as porter, hotel or lodging
house> E. P. REID. 863% Market st.
YOUNG roan wants position as electrician;
graduate of Van der Nalllen's School of
Electrical Engineering; has had also six
months of practical experience. Box 1204.
Call office. ¦
BARBER wants a short hour Job. Address
box 11C2. Call office.
POSITION as assistant bartender. Address
JAMES B. McDONALD, box 1SO6. Call.
POSITION wanted by first-class optician. Ad-
drecs box 1205. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Address"
• H. WILSON. 004 Market st. r
FIRST-CLASS lady's tailor wishes position as
cutter In large establishment. ' Box 1232.
Call office. - , . .
WANTED — Position as porter in a saloon or
a hotel. Address T. H. McGRATH. 118 4th.
WANTED— Position as a porter. 274 Minna
street.
WANTED— A position as a barkeeper for Sun-
day. M. WEIMAR. 455 Minna st
POSITION as cash boy. Address box 1117,
Call office.
SITUATION as hotel clerk. Address box 1116,
Call office. "
A BOY wsnts a position. 685 Market street.
AN experienced grocery clerk as salesman with
Al references wishes position In city or
country. Box 1110. Call office. -•';/t" ;
SITUATION wanted as bookkeeper. Box 1316,
Call otflce.
PO8ITION wanted as barkeeper: best of ref-
erences. Address box 1317, Call office.
YOUNO man waHts a position working at
night. Box 1331, Call office.
! WANTED — A position as night clerk. Box
vnu. Call office.
A BOY wants a position as stock boy. Box
1333. Call Office.
BARTENDER wants a place, saloon or liquor
store; city reference. Box 1322, Call office.
A BARBER wants to work Sunday mornings.
Address Sb'5 Howard st
GARDENER (German) wishes pcsltlon on prl-
vate place. Box 1318, Call Office.
ULANKBOOK forwarder wishes employment
Box Otll, Call office.
Nl.'R&E 'male), graduate- training school,
wishes case any kind; first-class American
and English references; thoroughly under-
stands work; used to travel. • Box 1330. Call.
COMPETENT man having years of experience
. wants position as manager of srocery or
would sell specialties In city or State. Box
1329, Cal« office.
FIRST-CLASS elevator man with good refer-
ences;, seeks position. ' Box 1332, Call office.
YOUNG nun wants a position In a law office.
Box 1S38, Call . of flee.
FIRST-CLASS coachman. Swedish: private
family; city or country; best city and per-
references. Box 1340. Call office.
COACHMAN and chauffeur for private family;
very best ref. In both capacities as good
careful drtv«r, sober and trustworthy. Box
1339, Call effice. . .
YOUNG rran wishes situation as porter. Box
1323. Oil otflce.
BOY 'wants a pcsltlon as errand boy. Box
l.'!2«. Call office.
WANTED — A Job as porter. Box 1325, Call
office. "*
AN experiencsd rlevator or bell boy wishes
position In city. Roy Brown. 6 Marye terrace;
YOUNG man wants a position as delivery
clerk In wholesale house. Box 1353, Call.
POSITION wanted as teamster by a young
man. Box 1354. Call office...
WOULD like to, run an elevator. Box 1355,
¦ Call office. '* . -
i BARTENDER wants a position. Box 1356,
Call efflce. • ¦ ' .
COLLECTOR; flret-class; references; bond fur-
nished. Box 1352. Call office.
SALESMAN wishes a position; best of refer-
enccg. Box 1345. Call office.- ¦
WHOLESALE drug .- salesman wants position
with a reliable house; specialty line; best
references. Box 1347, Call office.
'EXPERIENCED collector and bookkeeper, ac-
' customed to Installment accounts, desires to
, change; references. Box 1343, Call office.
SHOE talesman, experienced, wants situation.
Bqx 1.-.37. Call office.
RETIRED sea - captpin wishes position as
night watchman; reliable, sober; from State
of Maine; references. Box 500, Call. /-
WANTED— Work at general blacksml thing.
-Addreis 221% Tehama at. -
YOUNG man wants position as for
morning paper. Apply box . 1312.1 Call.
MAN 30, years old wants job driving team;
. references. Box 1350. Call office.
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. Box 1310
' Call office. . -..y ..-•¦¦•¦ :
WANTED — A position as a clerk. Box 1311.
, .CalKotflce. . ,
BOY* wants -any- kind of -work. Apply box
; 1509. .'.CaU office. /
gaCMCiOTMBarT WAHTXI* «¦!¦ Coa.
A JAPANESE faithful boy desires a place as
dishwasher or any kind of work after T p.
m. HENRY, 1303% Castro it . ' •
YOUNG man would like elevator position: hu
had long experience. Address 12SS Bro«d-
way. ; " - •
YOUNG man wants work as carpenter's helper
or to learn the trade. Address to L. A.,
515H Bush st .:''-•
YOUNO man. hard worker, wishes position as
assistant In land surveying, topographical
sketching, etc; any locality; good draughts-
man; excellent references. Box 13S8» Call.
GENTLEMAN wants position as porter. 3S
Third st.
JAPANESE boy wants to do cocking la the
morning and evening and wife to do gen-
eral work. 1215H Post st .
JAPANESE* couple want place . la city or
country; man at housework, wtfe to da
plain cooking or as waitress. K. NAKA-
MOTO. 451 Jes«le st
GOOD Japanese boy. gentle and honest, wishes
a position to do housework; speaks English
well; wascs $ii a week! GEORGE YAMA.
2100 Fillmore. st. 7
Engineer wants position.' 1371 Sacramento
street
EXPERIENCED clerk would like position in
wholesale house. Box 1357, Call office.
AN experienced business woman wants) office
work: entry clerk or assistant; best of ref-
erence. Box 1360. Call office.
SITUATION mm a cash boy. 450 Mlsntcn
street
WANTED — A posltlcn as machinist App!y
1827 Sansome st
WANTED— Situation by a thoroughly compe-
tent arraln man; 10 years' experience In
Minnesota ?nd Dakotas. 207 Mutual Bank
building. """•" ." ' " "¦' " " ' "•¦; r - .'
CARPENTER wants work; first-class; iion-
unlo-i. Box 1239. Call office.
' THOROUGH double enter bookkeeper and of-
fice manager, with executive ability, desires
position: hichest references; reasonable. Box
1255. Call office.
< MIDDLE-AGED man with several years' ex-
perience as collector and salesman in all
branches of installment business wants a
steady job; can give best of reference an-1
bond If necessary. Address box 1234, Call.
JAPANESE boy wants schoolboy position. Ii5^
Fillmore st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work as stableman
or hostler; city or country. Box 2178. Call.
SITUATION wanted as teamster. Apply 81U
Mission street. . .'
EXPERIENCED cylinder Dress feeder wlshe*
st?ady position. Address E. HARTER. 102
Tehama street.
POSITION as shipping clerk, stock clerk or
porter In wholesale house; references; expe-
rienced. Box 2168. Call office.
WANTED— Position as bartender. Box 141S,
Call office.
COLLECTOR wants position; salary no object.
Box 21C9. Call office.
ERRAND boy wants position. Apply 1048 El-
lis st.
YOUNG man would like position in ¦ grocery
and bar; 4 years' experience. Box 1256, Call.
. CARPENTER, cabinet-maker, thoroughly ex-
perienced, good workman and bench hand,
wants work; $-3 per day. Box 1257, Call.
WANTED — A -position as collector; references
furnished. Box 2167, CaJl office. . a - .
BOY^wants position with chance for advance-
ment Box 2165. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Apply 100O
Fillmore st.
ENGINEER wants work: locomotive or sta-
tionary; used to oil. Box 1308. Call.
WANTED— By boy of 17. position In wholesale
house. Address box 1397. Call office.
YOUNO mr»n would like a position to work
around private residence; best of references.
Box 1390. Ca.l office.
SHOE clerk, six years' city experience, wants
position. Box 2173. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position aa cigar clerk,
i Phone Howard 3151.
GOOD, experienced Japanese tea packer wants
i position In tea store; speaks English well.
WAT A. 712 Pin- st.
A NEAT ynung man wants* a position with a
printing concern; can furnish references.
Address fcox 1254. Call office.
. WANTED — Position as collector; experience;
bonds. Box 2175. Call office,
ELEVATOR boy wants situation. 7081 Harri-
son st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; good ref-
erences. Address 275 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Situation In wholesale house or
factory. In packlnr department; steady young
man. Address ALBERT. 957 Harrison st.
Oakland.
JAPANESE bookkeeper wants situation: has
experience; references. F. F., 4 Carlos pi.
WANTED— Position as porter. 909 Harrison
street.
NEW YORK busings man. returning -East,
would represent good concern. Box 1394.
Call office.
PORTER wants Job. 223 Third st/ .'.'*-'
PLUMBER wants Job. 610 Ivy ave.
ENGINEER wants position; have had 25 years*
experience: can furnish best of references:
would take position as Randy man areund
machinery. Box 1393. Cal! office.
WANTED— Position as steward; best Of refer-
ences. Box 1387, Call office.
WANTED— Position as extra or steady bar-
tender. Box 1372. Call office.
POSITION as bartender. Address box 1371.
Call office. ¦ _;
WANTED^ — A situation by an all round printer,
city or country. M. HAYES, 149 Natoma
st. San FrancUco. • »
SITUATION wanted by » man competent of
running any kind of stationary hollers and
engines; city references. Box 1103, Call.
POSITION wanted; eoatmaker. 731 Folsom
street -
A FIRST-CLaSS upholsterer and carpet layer
will work by the day. 927 Eddy St.; phone
Larkm S004. - . »
BOY. IS years old. would like position as
plumber's helper. Box 125S. Call office. .
SITUATION it* watchman desired by sob«r
and trustworthy man. Box 1410 Call office.
GARDENER wants Jcb. 112 Everett st.
PORTER wants rosltlcn In barber shop. B.
J.. 1526 Valencia sJ. ~"
BOY wants position as errand boy. Please ad-
dress 1237 Mission st.
A SCHOOLBOY wishes a Saturday Job. Box
1380. CaU office. - r ' ¦
TAILOR wants Jcb. 265 Minna st.
WANTED— By youtis; man. position as team-
ster. Box 13e&. Call cfrtce.
WANT to travel with elderly gentleman as
companion; wares no ebject. Address E. L.
C, 217 Taylor st.
I A TEAMSTER want* steady wark, 247 Vj
Clara st .
WANTED— Place to run elevator. Address
603 Eddy st. ' .
WANTED — Place as watchman. Addrens 2SO
Ninth st
A COOD and hone*t boy. 17 years old. who Is
an experienced elevator operator, with first-
. class rr'trencts wants a position. Address
box 13CJ. Call office.
PORTER wishes situation. Address 25» Geary
street. • . . . _
POSITION as porter. Box 1374, Call offlco. :
BOY wants work aftsr school. 3517-TwentletH
street. ¦
j ELECTRICIAN'S helper wants ossltlon. Box
\ l : rS3. Call office. ¦"
I BOOKKEEPER, familiar with corporation and
alt -classes of accounting, card and locsa-
' leaf systems, desires engsjement. temporar-
lly or permanently: reference*. Box 14l»,
Call office. : ¦
YOUNG man wants work. ; ISA .Tehama st. .
GF.NTLEMAN with mechanical and business
* experience tieslres position. Address box
21S4 Call office.
For Additional Classified Advertise -
• . ments Sec- Page 44.THE • SAN i FRANCISCO ;CALi:,' SUNDAY- SEPTEMBER 11, .1901.
44
H_m» WA1TTEP— MASS — Contlnttsfl. .
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO.
Bill clerk; must be rapid penman; $13 week.
Bill clerk who can operate typewriter; lum-
ber; $60. .
Fancy goods manager; competent buyer: $100
upward.
Gents' furnishing clerk; $15 to $17 50 week.
Notion salesman; $8 week.
Man and wife; care of place; $10 month and
found.
100 placer miners: $30 day earned; many
masons make up party.
Competent salesman to sell gilt-edge stocks.
Assistant bookkeeper and bill clerk; $60.
Fur cutter; $3 50 day: Victoria.
Druggist; registered; $75; country.
' Champagne salesman; salary and commls-
slap.
Bookkeeper; dry fruits: Fresno; $90.
Dry goods manager; $150 per month; pro-
prietor still here to Interview applicants.
Tailor: Palo Alto; good salary.
Six good boys. 15 to 18: $4 to $5 week.
Office open Sunday till 3 p. m.
509 Hearst building. -••^ y -
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Optician who understands photo supplies;
$12 to «tarL 609 Hearst building.
At INDEPENDENT OFFICE. 612 Merchant st.
TO NEVADA— CHEAP FARE— TO NEVADA.
We want for above:
Drillers, $90 month; muckers, $75; concrete
laborers, $75; surface laborers, $75; to ship
Monday.
FOR LARGE GOLD MINB.
8 all around miners, $3 day; must be first-
class. - <
2 muckers, same mine. $2 60 day.
IN CITY.
2 rough carpenters, $3 to $3 50.
2 carpenter's helDers, $2 25.
12 laborers. $2 50 to $1 70.
2 boys, 18 years, $1 50; call early Monday.
Want engineers, compressor men, pump men.
shift bosses and machine miners to register at
this office: no fee.
DAIRY foreman. $50 and found; coachman and
gardener, $35 and found; horseshoer, $3 to
$3 50 day; sash and door maker. $21 week;
carpenters. $3 day; miner. $3 day; 3 labor-
ers for mine. $2 50 0ay; 2 farmers and
wlves^ $50 and found, very nice places, no
woman about house, see boos In city Monday;
circular sawyer, $75 and found; tallyman,
$40 and found: 6 lumber pliers, $2 50 day
and $35 and board; blacksmith helper, $35
and found; assistant gardener, -$25 and found;
cooks, waiters, porters and others. J. F.
CROSETT &CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton at.— Coachman
and tend garden, city. $35; second butler,
country. $30: kitchen boy, private place. $30;
doorboy, restaurant. $15; elevator boy, $15;
Assistant waiter, $30; waiter, resort, near
' city, $30; waiter, hotel. $30; silver man. $30;
Pantryman, hotel, $30; vegetable man, $30:
fry cook. $15 a week; third cook. $50; second
cook. $65; baker fcr college, $40; confec-
tioner, $75; man to work In nursery, $25;
baker for Institution, $40. >
WANTED— A bright young man about 16 years
of age to commenco as office boy In whole-
sale grocery; grammar school education and
good penmanship required. Address M. E..
box 1390. Call office.
WE are prepared to supply very profitable per-
manent employment to several men; $10 to
$30 weekly comfortably possible. . Kushlon
Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
TWO young men to learn the barber trade; a
good chance. For particulars call at «51
Mission st.
WANTED— Good, bright errand boy;_^ steady
position. Apply M. FRIEDMAN & CO..
233 Post st. ' jj
WANTED — Coffee and tea solicitor for family
trade: one understanding handling of horses.
Box 1341. Call office.
GOOD appearing young bookkeeper under-
standing stenography; references; salary ex-
pected. Box 2194, Call office.
ERRAND boys wanted. Apply between 9 and
10 a m. Monday. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53
Ellis st. ¦
MERCHANT tailoring salesman; references.
Room 609 Emma Spreckels bids.; apply to-
day. 1 to 3.
WANTED — Boy to learn drug trade. Union
and Hyde ets.
CIRCULAR and stamp distributors; no canvas-
Ing; good pay. Cooperative "Adv. Co., N. Y.
WANTED— Barber: steady work. 59 Third st.
GOOD boy to work In boat shop; can learn
trade. Apply Call office.
AN errand boy wanted at GRUENHAGEN
BROS.. 20 Kearny st. .
WANTED — City salesman. BROWNSTONE
WINE CO.. 223-225, Taylor st.
WANTED — Boy of about 15 years to help In
bottle shop. 125 King et.
MESSENGER boy for office, about 14. Apply
320 California at., room 4.
GROCER clerk wanted. N.E. corner of Four-
teenth and Howard sts.
GOOD strong boy wanted: $1 day. Box dept.
Mutual L. tt L. Co. ; Bryant-st. entrance.
STRONG boy about 18 for work In factory.
Apply 27 Main st.
SHOEMAKER wanted — First-class, steady
man for repairing. Box 2163. Call office.
FEEDER for Mlefcle cylinder and platen
presses. Edward Knowles Co., 24 Second st.
TWO boys for flower store. Call between 10
and 12 a. m. at 1180 McAllister st.
WANTED — Good specialty salesman; good sal-
ary. Box 1409, Call office.
WANTED— First-class dress-goods man. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.'.
FINE trouser makers wanted. Apply CHAS.
LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— A boy. Apply 106 Pine et.; up-
' stairs.
WANTED — First-class carriage wood worker
at SPINNEY'S. 1640 Mission st.
WANTED— Man as butler. Apply 858 Har-
ricon st.
BOY wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.; Stevenson-st. entrance
WANTED — Good men In every county In State.
Box 1433. Call office.
SHORT order cock for saloon. Apply 2 to 3,
CLACK'S, Marktt and Gouarh.
PLUMBER wanted. Box 1272. Call office.
WANTED— A." carpet layer at 137 South Park.
25 MEN; lumber mills; $1 75. 720 Market st.
BOY with some experience for grocery and
bar. Seventeenth and Eureka sts.
WANTED— Foreman for planing mill. Ad-
dress box 1394, Call office, Oakland.
A COMPETENT carpenter with tools. M. MIL-
I.ETT, Colma. San Mateo Co.
WANTED— Boy to distribute bills. Scotch
Plaid Tailors, 1009 Market et.
EXPERIENCED salesman on hosiery and un-
derwear. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market st.
BOYS. JOE ROSENBERG, 816 Market st.
PLUMBER apprentice with experience. Box
1444, Call office.
COOK for saloon: $10 per week. FRED
GERTSOG, 875 Market st.
WANTED — Experienced laundry help; good
wages; permanent position. Address Sul-
sun Steam Laundry, Sutsun. Cal.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages
$6. SO Third st. -
BETTING commissioner wanted — Man of good
address, having wide acquaintance In own
locality, to place wagers on Presidential elec-
tion: cash commission paid. - Write fully,
giving references. Address P. O. box 1768,
New York. •
GOVERNMENT position*— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.. room 7, for free information as
• to positions, salaries, age limits. 1 etc. ; day
I or eveninsa.
A MAN of - indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
1 SON. 477 and 478. Parrott building.
BOYS to deliver, telegrams: wag«s $30 to $40
Iper month. - Apply 300 Montgomery.
MACHINIST— Goldsn opportunity to right man
I to buy Interest In machine shop In country
- town; business established 1895; must be
good mechanic P. O. box 132. Martinez, Cal.
WANTED— Two porters. 202 Fourth st
WANTED — Young man who is a first-class ex-
- perk need floor manager. Apply Saturday
and Monday between 9 and 11 a. in. at HALE
BROS.' ...... . ¦¦¦ .
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply Saturday and
Monday between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ' '
-MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
• required: constant practice and expert in-
struction: poeltlons secured: special induce-
ments .' this month: catalogue mailed free.
Moler: System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced pan washer for bak<ry
Call after 8 a." m/ at 111 Larkln st.
EMPXOTMEirr WA-TT-.P— M*le— Con, j
II II" ' I
A COMPETENT engineer wishes position; does j
his own plpenttlng and repairing; 7 years In
last place. Box 1220. Call.
WANTED — Position to take care or ranclu
cr would like to rent chicken ranch. ll»o
Market st. Oakland. -
A MAN wishes position in a wholesale house
as bookkeeper. Box 1073. Call office.
WANTED— A position as a machinist. Apply
42 Tenth st.
POSITION as night watchman. Box 1049.
Call office. - •'¦
HONEST, willing young man wantsposltlon as
porter and help tend bar. Box 1222. Call.
BOOKKEEPER— Young man. thorough ac-
countant, experienced In handling credits
and correspondence, understands latest' meth-
ods desires situation where some executive
ability is essential; excellent references; sal-
ary moderate. Box 1107, Call office.
ACCOUNTANT, six years In charge; especially
recommended for accuracy and honesty; $60
a month to start with. Box 075. Call office.
GERMAN, 2S years, until now In Hamburg ex-
port firm, wishes position: salary moderate.
Box 937. Call.
WANTED— SltuaUon by experienced collector;
best references given and bond if necessary.
Address box 1015. Call office. Oakland.
WORK wanted.' at home; translations, Eng-
lish. Italian. French. Spanish; correspon-
dence, etc. Box 1028, Call office.
POSITION by- an experienced traveling sales-
man, familiar with Pacific Coast and Orient.
Box 1089. Call office.
A CHINESE experienced first-class cook, Eng-
lish. French, wishes position: city hotel, res-
taurant, boarding-house: meat and pastry
cookery; clean, neat; good references: satis-
faction. CHARLEY WILLMON. 1113 Clay.
A JAPANESE 11 years with present employer,
wishes position in private family as waiter
or houeework; exceptional references; $7 up
week. H. S. O., 935 Sacramento st., city.
A RELIABLE Japane-e schoolboy wants a po-
sition in good, small family; has good rec-
ommendation and will stay for long time.
TOMI. care 1329 Pine st.. M. E. Church.
GOOD, honest Japanese boy wants work In
dentsl laboratory, city or Oakland; have two
years' experience. K. OTSUBO. 375 Fifth
at.. Oakland.
A JAPANESE good boy wants a situation as a
schoolboy or house cleaning In a, small family.
K. N- 533 Sixteenth St.. Oakland.
FEATS TO -_ET. ?
A — HOUSES and Cats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely tree; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-258
Geary at., en the square.
SONNTAG BROTHERS.
232 Montgomery st.
We have a tine line of flats at reasonable
prices for rent throughout the Western Ad-
dition. Park district and Mission; printed list
at office.
NINETEENTH, 4002-4-10-12. cor. Noe: block
to ISih or Castro cars — Just completed, love-
ly upper 5- room modern flats. $23 to $26;
* water free; must be seen. . Keys at 3978
Nineteenth st.
SUTTER. 2510. near Broderlck— Upper fiat of
<; rooms and bath; modern plumbing: rent
reduced to $27 50. VON RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. 513 California st. \
WOODWARD ave.. 81B and 85B. near 14th—
Upper fiats cf 4 rooms and bath each; rent
$20. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO..
513 California st. „
TO LET — Lovely flat, 5 large sunny rooms, all
modern; grand view; 736 Dolores St., corner
Liberty: rent low to responsible party.
EI.L1F. 1436 — Northeast corner flat. 7 rooms
and bath: sun in every room; rent low. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE.
LAKE. 742 — New French flat; 6 rooms: rent
$25; 1 month's rent free; water free; marine
view; park in rear. •
VALLEJO, 1812, near Cough — A Modern flat of
S sunny rooms and bath; grand marine view;
rent reasonable to right party.
SCOTT and Fulton, N. W. corner, opposite
Alamo Square — New lower 7 rooms and bath,
facing garden: large yard; rent $35.
GOLDEN GATE, 2031. near Lyon— Desirable
middle flat, tt rooms and bath; will rent
reasonable to rood tenant.
$2700— Four flats, south of Market; rent 15
per cent on Investment; no agents. Box
1432. Call office. •
WARM belt; 6 rooms; bath; nearly new; nice
garden; basement; cheap. 4237 20th St., nr.
Castro.
UNION. 1728-30-32— Three modern flats. Just
finished; open for . inspection to-day; rent
reasonable.
BAKER. 731-733. near McAllister— 2 extra fine
flats; 6 and 7 rooms; nearly new.
BUSH, 20*4, near Devlsadero — Desirable upper
flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable. .
CAPP. 10S6 — New sunny flat, 6 rooms and
• bath: good residence district.
ELEGANT upper flat. 6 large sunny rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. 1737 Page st.
ELEGANT sunny flats; 5 rooms and bath; $25.
2953A and 2957 Howard St.. nr. 25th.
FLAT; 4 rooms; large yard, with t table. 2040
Greenwich *t. ,
FLAT of 4 or T rooms: reasonable; 7 months.
Apply News Arent. Mill Valley.
GEARY. 2287— Flat 3 rooms and bath; $15.
GROVE. 644 — $27; a fine flat. 6 sunny rooms
and bath: modem improvements. Apply 642.
HAIGHT. 655, near Flllmore — Desirable upper
flat. 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 2038 — 6 rooms and bath; every
room sunny: rent $25; no children.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON * HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
LOWER flat: 948 Eddy St.. near Franklin; 5
room- and bath.
LOWER fat: 332 Oak st.. near Octavla: 6
roorat, bath and large basement. -
MCALLISTER. 1353, Stelner and Pierce— Sunny
middle flat. 7 rooms and bath; saloon parlors.
MISSION, 2728, near Twenty-third— New up-
per flat; 7 rooms and bath; modern.
! NEW uroer flat: 7 rooms; every convenience;
I rent $22 50. 350 Preclta ave.
OAK, S5£ — 6 modern sunny rooms; rent $25.
] OAK. 979— Six rooms and bath; rent $20 50.
PACIFIC ave.. 2405.- near Flllmore — Flat of
6 rooms; sun In every room; large garden.
PAGE, 1601. corner Ashbury— Desirable cor-
ner. 7 rooms and bath: rent reasonable.
PINE. 2955— Four-room flat; $15.
SACRAMENTO. 1080.- above Powell — A nice
modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
SUNNY corner flat. 6- rooms and bath. 2903
Folsom St.: rent $25.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3983. nr. Noe— Fine sunny
upper flat. 6 r. and b. ; cars pass door; $20.
TO l-*t — $7: 2 large rooms and yard. 726).
Harrison »t.
VALLEJO, 1261. near Hyde cars — New sunny
upper. <i rooms, bath; marine view; reas.
WALTER. 64 — Desirable upper flat. - 6 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable.
PLATS TO T.-BT— .-hf m lfr|l pit,
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of fire
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m.. 79 South
Park. .
NEWLY furnished fiat. 5 room- . and bath;
bargain; reasonable rent: owner leaving city;
Immediate sale. Box 1313. Call office..
DEVISADERO. 1627. nr. Sutter— Handsome
furnished flat of 5 sunny rooms; reception
entrance and bath; lights free; rent $35.
. NOB Hill— New flat to let; present tenant will
i>ell furniture at bargain; no dealers. 1254
i California st. -. .' .-
A FLAT cf 7 rooms; neatly furnished; for
rale cheap. Call Monday, 8S2 Halght.st.
FURNISHED home for -ale. with store. Call
at 156 First St. for full Information.
I ra-ATa . roa ba3_-b. . '
MUST sell quick; 6 rooms and bath; low rent;
best barcaln In city. 808 McAllister at.
ALL ' sunny, middle flat of S rooms for sale
cheap. - 1S47 Fillmore st. • , -. .- -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I Call, lti pages, sent to any address In the
: United' States or Canada one • year for $1,
I putUfe paid.
HS3_y WAirraa— MAXS--Contian»a 1 _
TWO-CHAIR barber shop. .^J^^j^SJ
Selma. Cal. ;,.-
ALL unemployed clerk- *«**££*,? £*gk
1 "^^. HORD
& SMITH. 95 Third st.. a. r.
TKZRSSTsS! £>HEK$
Plumbing: eend for catategue. Address *J»--o
Easton ave.. St. Louto. Mo.
Emporium. •'"¦ i ---»?¦' -¦<---¦*- • ¦ v '-»- -•
Emporium. !
TRY our men's -ho... nnion made: $1
g&geril 0 ff .y-SJ&a^ »
TWO-CHAIR barber- shop for sale cheap. 391*
Eighteenth St.. near Sanchez. ,
BARBER shopw 4 chairs. 2 steady. 22T Hayes.
WANTED— Coatmaker for the country. REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St. ;
GRADUATE optician; one familiar wltt Pjgta
supplies preferred. Sunset Baxaar. 43 Third.
GOOD 'paying 10c barber shop for sale: «lv»
yon trial. 225# Fifth st.
TWO young men to learn the barber tr*d«.
For particular Inquire 751 Mission st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery ;sewed soles 10 mln.. 73c
WANTED— Young man to learn barber trade;
wages paid while learning. 741A Howara.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co., 323 Montgy..r.4ia.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT, 617 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.Bullls.r.40.Phelan bide.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet. G. A. B-
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recap-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1006 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Ocen until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
ALL sixes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half-soled while waiting: 25o
to 50c. BtB Mlaion St.. bet. 1st and 2d eta.
SA-.BSTVIAjy WAHTED.
WANTED — Men who are not successfully en-
gaged in representing wholesale tailoring
firms; the very best wholesale tailoring house
In the United States will give such men an
opportunity to make more money; the Very
best sample equipment, such as woolens, on
consignroent,swatches. unlimited advertising
matter, etc.. wilt be furnished; branch store*
will be opened without requiring Investment:
sure Income assured to right parties; good
sa!e«men will find this their opportunity.
Address A. K. NICKOL. lock box 529. Chi-
cago. 111. :
SALESMEN make 500 per cent commission,
selling "Novelty Sign Cards": merchants
buy 10 to 10O on sight: 80O varieties; cata-
logue free. STTLL1VAN CO., 1139 Maple-
wood ave.. Chicaxo, 111.
WANTED — For holiday trade. Just opening. 2
specialty salesmen; sober, reliable hustlers;
can clear $3000 by Chrlstmaa. Address B»
A. K.. box 470, Kansas City, Mo.
TRAVELING salesman — One man each State:
no experience: permanent; good pay; liberal
expense. E. M. ARTHUR CO.. Detroit. Mich.
8OI.ICTTOB3 WA-gTOP.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $6 to $9 day. 1114
Washington st., Oakland, r. 3. 1O to 12 a.m.
SOLICITORS; good opportunity for bright men.
Great American Imp. Tea Co.. 52-5S Market.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $8 to $9 day. 1114
Washington St.. Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 12 a. m.
HOTELS.
PINE, 1120. old Fair mansion, Fairvlew Hotel.
the place foe yon to dwell; it's very swell;
four large, sunny rooms left, with bath and
comforts of home; price. $85 and up, with
board for two.
HOUSES AHP WAQO-TS.
WANTED — A black cr bay horse for business)
buggy; weight 1100 to 115O; rive full par-
ticulars as to age, weight, height, etc.; also
lowest cash price. Box 1622. Call office.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. &Jr.
CHEAP oecond-hand hack, phaeton, Tillage
cart and platform trap. O'BRIEN'S. Polk
st. and Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Horses, suitable for saddle; gentle.
Emporium Salesyard, Monday, Valencia,
near Fourteenth «t.
WANTED — A hor-e to work slngta or double;
about 4 or 5 years old; weight about 1400:
' must be reasonable. Box 2177. Call office.
RUBBER- TIRED doctor's baggy and top for
sale at 377 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Saddle-horse that can be drives
• single. Box 1411. Call office.
FINE folding trap for 2 or 4 r^^+tirtr-; bsup*
• gain; also fine robes; cheap. 4509 lSth «t.
HORSE. $15; wagon. $15; baggy. $20; dpobl*
harness, $12; cart. 2728 Bryant st. .
FF.OOND-HAND cushion- tired. piano-box
buggy; first-class condition. 1615 Market st.
WANTED— A business buggy. Box 924. Call
office.
FOR sale — Driving hone; trots or paces;
sound and perfectly gentle. Box 894. Call.
FOR sale — 15 fine surreys for cost price. 1503
Foleom st.
ALL kinds of business wagons and buggies for
sale cheast. 1504-6 Folsom st.
NEW high-grade buggy for sale: cheap.. Box
873. Call office.
WANTED — A good horse, small Wagon an <i
harness. Box 1201. Call office.
FOR sale— One fine black horse. 1100 lbs.; 5
years old. 834 Devlsadero at. ¦¦ ¦_. ....
FOR sale— Hcrsc, light wagon, harness. 44
Beaver ri.
NEW 3-spring business wagon for sale cheap.
16S0 Mlseion St.. near Thirteenth.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har.
ness, work and drlvtng horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRINTEDlisil : of houses' toTetTTend for clr-^
cular. G.H.UMBSEN tt CO.. 20 Montgomery!
TO let— House of 10 rooms on Calif oral* st.-
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Minion
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co.
SCOTT. 93. near Haisrht, facing Duboce Park
— House of 9 rooms and attic; painted in
latest style; rent $50. m
A MODERN furnished house: 8 rooms am!
bath. 1563 Vallejo St.. near V.-»t Ness ave.
SANCHEZ. 1220. near Twenty-fifth— Desirabls
house; 9 rooms and bath: reasonable.
SACRAMENTO. >:«U9. near -Baker— Desirable
house, 9 rooms and bath; reasonable.
204 SAN Jose ave., near 24th St.. house- 11
rooms and bath.
WALLER.' 1311— Modern bouse; 9 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
hoxtsxs to i.et— rrrgjcrs-g-inv
COMPLETELY furnished, cottage: 2130 Lvi^
•t.. near Jackson: modern n rooms, bath and
large basement r to lease to desirable tenant
Apply MADISON A BURKT5. "nant.
JACKSON. 2401»— 15-room residence to inuJI
for a term, furnished.. Apply on premises
10 a. m. to 4 d. m. or, to LANDRY r
BAB1N CO.. 413 Kearny st. ~^ "*« ?~
TO sublet. 8-room apartment, completely fur-
• ntshed. 8 montr-.-. Arplythe Empire Binh
and Leavenworth sts.- : . *~npire. ¦ Bush
WEBSTER, 1944-iSunny house; > g moms-
nicely furnished; piano; 9 months- i__LAr!l
ply {remise*. * ***
FOR sale — Flat of four j rooms, partly fur-
nished; modern. Call between 1 and 5 p. m.
03 Capp st.
FURNITURE of a 7-roora, sunny, modern flat;
in use 6 months: 3 rms. rented. 1424 Laguna.
FURNISHED flat; 6 rooms and bath; new;
near Pank panhandle. 413 Central ave. .
VAN NESS, 807— For sale. 7-room furnished
. flat; 4 rented. r . — '
ELEGANTLY furnished . 6- room modern flat;
shown from 11 to 1 dally. 824 Geary et.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms for sale in Mission;
bargain: quick sale. Box: 056," Call office.
MCALLISTER. 13«— Elegantly furnished 7-
room flat. Apply roomings:
ZM.ATS WAXTTES.
WANTED — Flat of 5 roome, near owl car*.
Box 1421, Call office.
WANTED— A flat or house; centrally located.
Address box 969, Call office. ' *
: rUBHITUBE TOB BAAS.
FOR sale — 4-room furnished flat cheap;-, rent
S20. Call between 10 a. in. and 2 p. m., 12S9
Ninth ave.. Sunset District. 1
FURNITURE, stoves, bought," sold, exchanged.
Barger, 439 Valencla,nr.l6th.TeLChurch 3879.
H. MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur.
niture, carpets. ; etc. 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
A FOLDING bed. $8: top mattresses. $2 50.
ANDERSON'S. 19 Turk St., Just off Market
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 60 down. $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's' Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
ygBHTTXTBI! WAHTED. '
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, . carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate. -
EASTERN people want second-hand furniture;
best prices. NAYLOR. 1217 Geary St.; phone
Larkln 1048.
HELP WANTED — r__lEA__S.
3 COOKS, private families, city ....$30-»35
Cook, email institution, no bread. $35
2 jisrlor maids and waitresses... $25-$30
4 second girls .$20-$25 j
Nurse to boy 6 years old $25 1
2 chambermaids and laundresses $25 ;
3 nurse glrU $20-$25
3 chambermaids, wait one meal $2j j
3 waitresses for hotel and restaurants.$8-$25 ,
Pastry cook, delicatessen...'....'. .'.$35 I
Housekeeper, 3 men .':.... $20
65 girls, all kinds of house work.. $20- $25-$30
Apply, to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
3 COOKS, small hotels, country $30-$35
Kitchen helper, home, country, fair paid. $25
2 waitresses to go -south.' fare paid $25 .
Housework, Shasta County, fare here.... $25 I
2 men and wives, ranch work $50;
3 cooks, private families, Ross Valley.$25-$30
• 2 Ironers for country laundry $12 week
2 nurse girls for country.' $25
Cook for students, Palo Alto $30
20 house girls for all parts of the county,
$20. $25. $30; fare paid.
Call J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Eutter st. -
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Bookkeeper, city, $50.
Notion salesladies, $8 week.
Ladles, hats and bonnets, $15.
Girl, housework. $1 day- and found.
Cook, Berkeley, $30.
Waitress. Sonoma County. $25 and found.
Office open Sunday till 3. p. m.
Have lady in attendance.
609 Hearst Bldg. '
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.,
219 Kearny st. Phone. Black 2446.
2 salesladies, 16 to. 20 years old. $25, $30.
• 3 waitresses, Al wages.
Young lady, printer and toner, photos, $6.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.. 219 Kearny.
A COOK, $50; 2 cooks. $30 and $35; cook and
second girl, same house, . $35 and $25; two
second girls, $30 each; nurse, $30; 6 house
girls $30 each; chambermaid, $25; wattress,
same house, 125. MRS. NORTON., 60S Ma-
eon st^ | ' ' _^_j_
AT MRS LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell St.— Neat
help of all nationalities to fill various posi-
tions. ' '¦¦•'
A WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
. guaranteed 'at $10 per week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary St., room 13.
X — PACIFIC College, teacnes . hairdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; give 6
hours! . practice a day; add, parlor practice to
schooling; secure positions;- day and evening
classes; -absolutely no connection with any
place on coast. Call 133 Powell st.
A. GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies.etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
' day and evening class. 143 Stockton sC.r. 13.
i . . '
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS AND COTTONADE PANTS.
STANDARD FACTORY, COR. GOUGH
AND GROVE STS. ,
AN experienced competent cashier and wrap-
per in a large retail establishment; must be
quick ajid accurate at figures; reply in own
handwriting, stating age, where now or last
place* of en.cloyment, also salary expected.
Box 1344. Call office.
AN experienced competent cashier and wrap-
per in a large retail establishment; must be
quick and accurate at figures; reply In own
handwriting, stating -age, where now or last
place of employment," also salary expected.
Box 493, Call.
WE are prepared to supply very profitable
permanent employment to several women;
$10 to $30 weekly comfortably possible.
Kurtilon Komfort Shoe Co., 1233 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
WANTED — 50 girls to introduce a new article
of merit: can earn $12 to $15 per week. Call
at Rowland's Dye Soap headquarters. 715*4
Grove St., Tuesday a. m.. between 9 and 11.
WANTED — Competent maid; references. ' In-
quire Sunday after 10 a. m. and Monday. 9-
12 a. ra., office Marie Antoinette apartments,
Van Ne*s ave.. bet. Bush and Pine sts.
BOOK sewers wp.nted: experienced hands on
blank and printed work: also experienced
feeders for ruling machines. FRANK MAL-
LOY£, 422 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cash girls. Apply Monday i- bet.
8:30 .and 9:30 a. m.. at Superintendent's
office. PRAGER'S DEPARTMENT STORE, |
Market and Jones sts. -
WANTED — Young girl for general housework:
must be a good plain cook: wages $25; call
Monday between 9 aad 12. 2876 Sacra-
mento st. . * '¦
NEW ENGLAND woman; general housework;
American family two; $15. 371 Minna st.,
near Fifth. - , ,
WANTED — Experienced millinery makers.
Apply PRAGER'S DEPARTMENT STORE,
Market and Jones sts. •
WANTED — Young lady office assistant;
knowledge bookkeeping: salary $40 month.
C. O. F.. box 1094, Call office.
WANTED — For general housework, a girl who
is willing to work; a good home In a small
family. ; 407 Wals worth ave.. Oakland.
WOMAN for. general house work and cooking;
two adults and child; wages $25; references.
1041 Schrader et., before 11 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced millinery i saleswomen.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS." C\ r
WANTED — An experienced boa bon dipper;
wages $9 per week. . Apply candy depart-
ment, the Emporium. . . . -
WOMAN, free from home cares, can secure re-
fined employment by addressing at once box
2102. Call office. ->",•;
YOUNG girl to make herself generally useful
in small coffee parlor; apply at once. 758
Larkln st. . . j ' .
WANTED — An experienced apprentice at M:
J. BARNETT'S tailoring establishment, 2262
Mission at. • *' '* " . . - •
GIRL for light housework; three grown peo-
ple; sleep home; ¦ wages $15; call to-day
(Sunday). 1211 Taylor st. .¦ . . .-
WANTED— Working housekeeper; widower 2
children; wages. $15. Apply 5 Telegraph
ave., Oakland.
EXPERT, hairdresser wishes) to teach the busi-
ness to one or two ladles; all branches of
the art up to date. Address box 1442. Call.
LADY and gentlemen solicitors wanted to sell
coupon 'books for the Pollock glass endless
chain. Apply Sunday, 11 a. m., 1155 Market.
WANTED— Saleslady, one : who '. thoroughly
understands dry goods and - notions. - Apply
3264 Mission at.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, good address,
to solicit: small salary and commission. Box
2186. Call office. ; , -¦
RELIABLE - woman or girl . for * light - house-
work and ' ulaln cooking, - to . take . charge , for
dressmaker. - 4U5 Geary et. -¦ ; • ¦ -,-
EXPERIENCED, educated stenographer; Cath-
cllc preferred: email salary ' to commence.
Box 1117. Call office.
HELP. WANTED — M"t!! — ContlnneO.
OPEN TO-DAY, 8 TO 12 A. M.
A— MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
¦ ' Phone Main 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the - German. French, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek Spanish, . Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave X0O4 We Hope to
1 60,000 Men Work. Increase «0,000.
-
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planing mill, $3 50 day.
FOREMAN. MAKE TABLES. $3 day./'
Woodworker, pine furniture, city. $2 day.
2 brush makers, fare SI. $1 20 per M.
12 IRON MOLDERS.
15 coopers, tight and slack work.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
' PLANING MILLS, BOX FACTORIES. ETC.
SECOND DONKEY MAN. $60 found.
Donkey foreman, snipe logs, cut brush, $50 fd
HEAD LINEMAN. $75.
65 laborers; mills yard; NORTH $60
35 laborers for woods and camps; north, $60
¦ . HELP BUILD IT.
163 laborers to cut brush away; help build
railroad from sawmill to woods; fare $6, $60.
LOOK. BOYS.
25 boys or young men work in box factories,
$30 AND $35 FD.. NORTH.
165 woedchoppers; tools, etc., FURNISHED
FOR YOU.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay t.
155 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIANS.
155 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
LOS ANGELES.
. SAN BERNAJIDINO and RIVERSIDE 1 DIST.
the Land of Sunshine, FRUIT and FLOW-
ERS.
BY TRAIN. SANTA FE R. R.
$4 60 FARE. _, - THATS -T.T.
3C5 two and four horse teameters, $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
18 cooks, different hotels, camps, cafes,
mines, saloons, ranches, etc., $30, $40, $50,
to $80 and found.
WAITERS.
3 waiters, same hotel, fare $1, $35 and found.
12 waiters, different city and country Jobs.
18 DISHWASHERS. 6 PORTERS.
BEDMAKERS. BELL & ELEVATOR BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch ironers. < $12; lroner, $15.
3 butchers, shop and slaughter-house work,
$40, $30 found.
Sausage maker, $14; experienced bone hams,
$11.
FARMS. - DAIRIES.
45 different ranch hands, $26. $30, $35 found.
5 milkers, $30 and $35 and found.
FRUIT PICKERS. /
16 chore boys and men. $15, $20. $25. $30 fd.
COACHMEN. GARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
16 stablemen, city, country Jobs, $75, $60,
$30 found.
Boys, learn trades, tend stores, etc.
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete finishers, mine buildings, fare
• paid, $4 BO day.
4 plasterers, free fare both ways, $4 B0 day.
BAKERS.
Foreman baker, $25 week and found.
3 bench hands, $17 a week.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher, lroner and starcber, fare $1, $2 00.
Man to tend bar, take cash hotel, etc., $35 fd.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 horseshoers, floor and fire, $4 day.
: BUTCHERS.
25 SHEEP BUTCHERS, $80.
Slaughter-house helper, fare $1, $35 found.
Knife man. pig's feet shaver, $2 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MINE DISTRICT.
25 laborers, fee $1, fare $2, $30 found.
25 two-horso teamsters, $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORK. '
NEVADA STATE.
155 teamsters, $75.
155 laborers. $75.
65 drillers. $90.
FEE. $1 THAT'S ALL.
MURRAY &, READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, fare 25c., $4 day.
14 carpenters, fare 25c., S. M. Co., $3 50
to $4 day.
16 carpenters, city Jobs, $3, $3 BO, $4 day. I
A — 12 grape packers, southeast, $1 75 day fd.
Presser on gent's clothes, city, $2 to $2 23
day.
Spool tender, fare. $2 20. $45 to $50 fd.
FREE FARE. R. R. WORK. FREE FARE.
TO-DAY.
25 spikers; YOU'LL SUIT $60
25 laborers; YOU'LL SUIT $60
Office fee only $1.
fi laborers for woods; fare $5 $35 fd.
Man. wife; man milk 25 cows, wife cook for
3 men; no other woman on ranch ..$40 fd.
FRUIT PICKERS.
A man or boy who can eat fruit
CAN PICK FRUIT.
56 men and. strong boys, fare $1, $30 and fd.
OFFICE FEE $1.
WAITER— Special Job. $40 fd.
4 butchers, fare $1. $2 75 day.
Starcher and lroner. fare $1 25, $2 B0 day.
Slaughter-house butcher, fare $1, $30 fd.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
155 trackmen. $67 to $75.
SAUSAGE MAKER, SOc fare, $15 week.
Farmer and wife, stoclc ranch, no women
1 there, $40 found.
BUTCHERS.
Second butcher, slaughter-house, fare $1 25,
¦$50 found. . •
Third butcher, slaughter-house, fare $1 25,
$40 found.
Ship caulker for dredger, fare $1, $3 80 day.
Two varnish finishers, little experience, $1 60
to $2 day.
Bedmaker, 520 fd.; man run wash machine.
DRAPERY.
¦ Experienced drapery salesman: city.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO BUTTE: $1 FEE
65 laborers, only $1 fee, $67 50.
65 teamsters, only $1 fee, $67 60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE RAILROAD PASS— FEE ~$L
125 laborers, different Jobs, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MANAGER HERE— GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
25 single and double hand miners, $75. $82 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAND sawyer, city mill, $2 50 day.
Shingle j sawfller, ' sawmill company, fare
$2 20, $2 50 day.
BOYS— BOYS. «
12 boys, city factory, fee $1. $6 to $7 60 week.
Pan washer, city bakery, $30 and fund. -
Walter, Institution, city, ?25 and found.
2 waiters, hotel, south, $35 and found.
Oysterman, 10c fare, $45° and found.
. Mlddle-ased man, drive delivery wagon,
$20 fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay^st.
3 ROUGH carpenters, fare 60c, $2 50 day.
4 carpenters, factory, fare $1. $3 50 day.
Young man, bottle works, $15 week.
Horseshoer, fare $1. boss here, $3 to $3 60.
Harness cleaner, $60; waiter, mine hotel,
$35 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FAIR PAID.
12 laborers, factory, ?60.
BAKERS.
Foreman baker, city, call early, $25 week.
Baker's helper on bread, 30c fare, $30 fd.
LOOK. '
Cook, cam?, fare $2, $50 to $60. .
Cook, camp, Nevada, fare $7 50, $63 found.
Second cook, city hotel, $13 week.
. Cook. 8 men, camp, $30 found.
2 hostlers, city. $60.
2 HAY BALERS.
Gardener, private residence, $35 fd.
B laborers, city, help put up organ in church.
ENGINEER. «3 50 DAY.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
8 boiler makers. 32%c to 36c hour.
FREE FARE.
' 12 plumbers, regular wages.
MURRAY • &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
. AT HORD & SMITH'S,
'Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st. 1
New railroad work. -Napa Co., fare $1.
Teamsters, $2 Co: laborers, $2; no discount.
.This Is a good Job and a long one.
• Coachman, city, $35 and found.
Stableman, city.. $45 and found.
-'Oyster man. near city. $45 and found.
Grading foreman, north, $3;
• Laborers all over the State. .
TWO GKNTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS
GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
INTENDENT. ROOMS 31 AND 32, 7TH
"FLOOR. 50S MONTGOMERY ST.; CALL
MORNINGS. • -^
.WANTED — Young German man,, sober an<1
. trustworthy, married preferred, as barkeeper
in -wine house; no night or Sunday work;
only, a steady man needs to call. 2022 Pine.
WANTED — First-class' carpenters. . Apply
J early Monday morning, 245 Larkln st. -
WANT man with some experience on well-bor-
ing | machine. : D. CAMERON. Novato. Cal.
WANTED — Young man to distribute adver-
tising; . one ; acquainted -. with grocery . trade
.preferred; state salary., Box 1607. Call office.
MAT cutter and fitter for picture frame store;
state experience, reference and salary ex-
pected.. Box 1358, Call office.
PRESSEJF.S and undemressers ¦ on . pants:
steady . work and ' good wages. 1142. Howard
et.; store.
MEN and women learn the barber trade: wages
paid while learning. HUGHT'S. 647 Com-
. merclal sU^g^ggg^gg /
DETECTIVES— Every locality; .good salary;
, =.- experience > unneceesary.- Interstate Detec-
'-_; tlve Agency," Milwaukee, Wis. '
FIRST-CLASS ¦ > watchmaker ' and -- registered
optician " for country." " Apply Monday noon,
; California Jewelry Co., 134 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE" Continued. \
WANTED — Women and girls to work In fac-
tcry; apply early. 423 Brannan st.. between
3rd and 4th sts. . ..- „ , ¦ . '
' • *'¦ ¦ ¦ -
WANTED — Girl or middle-aged woman to help
with housework; small family and small
. wages. Call at 13 Pearl St., bet. Guerrero
and Valencia, i off Market.
LADIES— Earn f 20 per 100 writing short let-
,. ters. Send stamped envelope for particulars.
Ideal Mfg. Co., CassopoUs. Mich.
WANTED — Saleslady of good appearance;
state full particulars and photo If possible.
Box 193, Nome. Alaska.
BOYS and girls — Make money working for us;
sample, postpaid, 12c. Western Syndicate,
706C Powell st. ' •
MIDDLE-AGED woman for chamberwork in
lodging-house. Call between 6 and 8 even-
Ings. 17 Fourth st.
WANTED — Typewriter to take charge -of
office. Call at 624-5 CaUaghan bldg.. Wed.
10 a. m.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn hair dressing
and manicuring. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Young girl for Monday. 9 a. m.,
for physician's office. 703 Van Ness ave.;
wages $2 50. . .
GIRLS to work In factory; paid while learn-
ing. Call between 9 and 12 Monday, 17 Third
St., upstairs.
EXPERIENCED girl, housework; small fam-
ily; good wages. 2192 Post st.
WANTED — An experienced •ftlrt cutter.
MISSES MDLRONEY. 110 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. Call
Monday forenoon. 417 Capp St., near 19th.
GIRLS to fold circulars at 1533 Buchanan st.
Apply Monday In basement. ,
WANTED— A first-class cook. Box 1362, Call
. office. . .
WOMAN to take care of 7-year-old glrL 255
Sixth -t.. room 14. - ,
WOMAN for light housework; no washing or
ironing; sleep home. 1322 Page st.
A FIRST-CLASS chocolate diDper wanted at
GRUENHAGEN BROS.. 20 Kearny st.
GIRL to learn typesetting on weekly; $4 week;
advancementi 516 Commercial st. •
GIRLS wanted. NEWTON GUM CO., corner
second and Folsom ets.
WANTED— CanOy helper. BISHOP & CO.,
425 Battery st.
YOUNG Protestant girl; 3 in family; good
home; plain cooking; wages $18. 251 Scott.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman as housekeeper^ or
children's nurse. Call at 158 Noe et.
BOOKFOLDERS and eewers wanted at Me-
Intyre's Bindery, 424 Sansome st.
A WOMAN or girt for housework and cooking;
3 In family. Apply in morning, 779 Clayton.
EXPERIENCED machine operators on gloves;
. steady wcrk. Factory, 137 Fifth st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. Apply Buswell
Co. Bookbindery, 536 Clay st.
GOOD lady canvasser wanted. 1675 Post st.
WANTED— Young waiter for restaurant. 229«
San- Jose ave. m
GIRL about 15 to assist with light housework.
Apply 20 Church st.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants; steady
work and good wages. 1142 Howard St., store.
WOMAN cook for restaurant; home cooking.
2206 San Jose ave. .
WANTED — Waist finisher, improver and paid
apprentice. 2014 Sutter st.
GIRL for light housework" and cooking. Call
at 2425 Flllmore St.. Monday bet. 9 and 12.
MANICURIST wanted. 2'O'FarrelI st.
EXPERIENCED lunch waitress wanted.
People's Restaurant. 631 Cl»- st.
GIRL to aasist with child: sleep home; no
¦ housework: wages $10. 1315A Ellis st.
WANTED — A first -claea finisher on pants at
469% Minna st., near Sixth.
REFINED YOUNG woman, under 80, at once to
assist with charitable work In city; live at
home: must go to country place with children
few days each week; plain sewing; fond of
'children; 'good salary; excellent references
required; give phone. Address box 962, Call.
NEAT young lady as cashier; must live home
with parents:-, references: small cash bond
required. Call 10:30 a.m.. 805 Mission st.
GERMAN or American girl to assist In gen-
eral housework. Call at 1810 Sutter st.
TWO buttonhole makers and six finishers on
'coats; fine waces. Call 229 Stevenson st.
HELPERS to make and burn leather cushion
covers; no experience . necessary. 3570 21et.
A LEADING wholesale house wants compe-
tent girl as stenographer and office assist-
ant; wages according to ability; references
required. Box 1105, Call office.
FINISHER on cloaks and suits; steady work;
good wages. L. MINK tt CO.. 109 New
Montgomery st.
WANTED— First-claw cloak and suit sales-
I woman. Apply Saturday and Monday be-
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young girl to learn ostrich feather
curling; also willing to run a few errands.
Call at 808 Howard st.
WANTED — A girl to do general housework;
must know how to cook well: waxes $30.
' Call at 2672 Vallejo St., near Devlsadero.
WANTED— An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at 808 Howard St.. near 4th.
WAWTEP-MALB. ¦
AT C. R. HAN9EN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
To-day (Sunday) office open 10 to 12.
200 teamsters 'and laborers, new railroad i
work *2
Fare $2 35.
100 teamsters and laborers! Nevada $2 50
Fare $7 50.
Scraper teamsters, new electric railroad.
Wages 52... Fare $1 SO
Foreman, box factory, north jlOO
German beer drawer .$50 board
Storekeeper $60 board
Waiters, cafe, $40; omnibus hotel.. ......$30
Head cook, help in hotel $80
Man to make hot cakes and toast... $30 board
Sllverman, club $30 board
C. R. HANSF.N & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Bush st 642 Clay at.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
219 Kearny st. . . Phone Black 2446
Come and register with us; It costs you noth-
ing; if you are the goods, we are the peo-
. pie.
Grocery clerk. $40 and found.
Printer and toner on photos,' $6 week.'
Good cook, small hotel. $25 and found.
2 good errand boys $4 week..
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.. 219 Kearny at.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
219 Kearny— Sunday 10 to 1 — Tel. Black 2446
Registered drug clerk*, easy hours, $75.
Feeder. for cylinder press, $2 50 day..
Gordon platen-press, no card, $3 day.
Finisher . on furniture, $2 ¦ day. .¦
Shipping clerk city, $50 month - to start.'
Al stenographer. $65 month to start.
. 3 cooks. $50. $30. $25.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO., 219 KEARNY.
WANTED—
8 rood salesmen.
2 good candymakers.
.- 3 good helpers. t
.Must have some money and become Inter-
ested in the business; 'also- dealers I who ¦ have
a desire to co-operate with us can'becqme in-
terested in their own candy factory ¦ to supply
them, making their profits better and surer;
not more than $1000 allowed to outside parties
for Investment. KELLER CANDY CO./- In*.
corporated, main office at Oakland. Cal: '-.".
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12— '¦
¦ Two colored waiters, $32; bellboy,' $15.- •'
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced manager
for new grocery department; must 'also have
¦ knowledge ' of - liquors and delicatessen. . Ap-
ply • PRAGERS' Department Store, Market
•and Jones sts..- , ¦
WANTED — First-class clothing . man,' that' can
;*• take ' full charge of city store; wages $100.
. . Address box 1039, Call office. *
_B_gy_-OTi-xarT WA-rrxp—Mai*— Con.
BARTENDER wl'hes a situation. Address* 74S
Market *t.
HARDWARE man would like position: city
or country. Ho* 2185. Call office.
WATCHMAKER wishes wurk cveflncs. Box
2187. Call officf-
WANTED— Porlticn as -tone man or general
Jobber: experience In both city and country.
Box 21»>3. Call office.
BARTENDER wants second place in city or
country. Box 1379. Call office.
YOUNG tran wants position as electrician.
Box 1253. Call office.
UARKCEPEI*. wants poniUon In first-class
saloon cr hotel. Box 1402. Call office.
FIRbT -CLASS all around man wishes position
ly day or week as house and window clean-
er. Address box 2192. Call office.
CUTTER want* position. 27 Geary st.
JAPANESE wants position to work on Satur-
day. £. A.. 22 Prosprct place.
BOT. 10 years old, wants work after school. '
37 Second tt.
THOROUGHLY experienced elevator operator
desires situation; uses neither liquor nor
tobacco; references if required. Box 1603,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, with Eastern and foreign ex-
perience, desires a lucrative position. . Apply
box 1420, Call office.
EXPERIENCED packer wants position In
wholesale crockery house. Box 1602. Call.
WANTED— Position as mechanical draughts-
man by j-ounjr man of one year's experience.
Bos 1618. Cell office.
I^OFITION wanted as cash boy. Address 716
Filbert «t. _
FIRST-class butchfr wishes position in city or
country: fjtiughter-house or shop. Bex 4792,
r»ii offlc-.
TOCSSO man warts work by day. fcOO How-
ard st.
WANT position as bartender. ' Apply at 325
Ellis si. :
POSITION w»nte.1 by a young man. com-
t*-tent t-onkkeeper. stenographer and thor-
oughly familiar with office work. Box 1268.
r«H o'flee
CARPENTER, non-union, wants small Job of
work. Box 1267. Call office.
POSITION as domestic dry goods salesman.
Box 14*i7. Call office.
BOT would like position In wholesale house.
Itox ?_-"¦_. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as Jani-
tor. Box l?0n. Call office.
GERMAN, feob^r. reliable, understands care
of horfff, jrarrien and can milk, wants situ-
ation on private place; references. Box
125:». OH offU*.
FIRFT-OLASS porter desires a position In
whcltsule house, hotel or business house;
best references. Box USS, Call office, Oak-
land.
A MAN vouM like to hax-e work on private
place, take care of horses, cows, lawn, gar-
den, etc.: wares $30 to f35 and found.
HENRY RODEKOPF. S55 Washington St.,
Oakland.
A BOY would like a position in a plumbing
shop. Box l.*Sl. Call effice. Oakland.
MALE nur^e. expert masseur; hoapltal and
private. Box 13M. Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted: practical landscape gar-
dener and florist. Address M. PRATT, Lorin
P. P.. Cal. '"'V/'V
MAN. 2(3. speaks several languages, wants po-
•lrion of any kind; can furnish bonds. Ad-
dress box 1614. Call office.
flTX'ATION a* foreman on ranch. Address
. G. KOL2. 94 Perry st.
YOl'NG man wants employment In wholesale
or manufacturing house; experienced porter,
•hlpper. etc. Address box 1429. Call office.
WANTED— rotation as city salesman in cigar
and t' !»-.'<¦¦> buclness by man of experience.
Box 1421. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes a position in a whole-
sale boune: two years In last place. Box
1C15. Call ofS-e.
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work
to do ewtotnffm, either patent office or me-
char.lcal urewinge. Box 1364. Call office.
PRINTER disengaged: ell round Job. linotype,
presses: tteady, reliable. SKEELES, 32S*a
EUU st.
JEWELER wants steady position, city or coun-
try. Box 1427. Call office.
TOUNG tnan would like position as clerk in
hardware ttore; 4 years' experience. Box
1012. Call office.
MAN wantk a position in the lumber business.
Bex 1611. Call office.
WANTKI>— A position in a hat store. Box
1424. Cal! office.
SPANIbH-AMERICAN veteran needs employ-
ment. 441 Geary et.. room 27.
WANTED— Position a* hat talesman. E. B.
CAMPBELL, 200 Hyde st.
WANTED— Work as butler; apply 154 Tehama
tt. FRANK McDONALD.
YOUNG man wants light work. Address C. F.,
M.V-j Bush st.
A MIDDLE-aged gentleman would like a situ-
ation to care 'or horse or Jobbing work. Bos
1426. Ca'.t office.
EITUATION wanted in grocery or wholesale
house; married man; speaks German. J. W.
FRIEND. SrUJU Fulton.
POULTRYMAN wants position; young man
from the East: two years on the coast; ex-
perienced in breeding thoroughbred fowls;
understands artificial incubation and brood-
ing. Box 109». Call office.
A BOY wishes to learn butcher trade. Ad-
drecs 423 Turk st.. phone 2S1 Bush.
POSITION by first-class planlng-mlll foreman;
eober end reliable. Bux 1390, Call office,
Oakland.
PHARMACIST. 5 years' experience, graduate,
would l!ke position is first-class retail drug
store. Box 13S9. Call orfice. Oakland.
WANTED — Position as a rigger. 222 Fell 6t.
ETEADY. reliable young man. 29. experienced
bookkeeper. >'.cslrcs place as bookkeeper or
assistant, with chance of advancement; tint-
•-lose references; wages low to begin with.
Box 1C2. Coll office.
WANTED — Country rituatlon by shoemaker.
H.-v 1275. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS. Independent. licensed plumber
wantK work ty 'Jit day or week; has all nee-
eassur *¦¦><¦,> tools. Box 1240. Call office.
ERRAND r>r delivery situation wanted for boy.
Address E. C. 610 Mission st.
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply F.
NELSON. 714 Bush st.
GOOD, capable man wants work by the day.
ell Jonrs tt,
GOOD bushelm&n wants work. 10 MetcaUe
place.
• ROT wants position lo learn machinist's trade.
POSITION wanted as assistant bookkeeper.
Addreae box 14.7. Call office.
WsHELMAN withes positicn. 27 Geary st.
HOY wlsht-f work *s en tlevator boy; city or
country. Box 14."V!. Call office.
EXPERIENCED paperhanger would like a po-
sition. Box 1C27. Call office.
YOUNG man lage 19) warts work where he
run board: Is industrious and will work hard
fcr small pay. Room 4, 743 Brannan w.
SJ!r>DLC-AGET> man wants bedmaklns; or
janitor Job. Box 219.1. Call office.
COY warts position to learn machinist trade.
Address Box 1M. Call office-.
GARDENER with long experience, accus-
tomed to taking chance of large grounds
wr-lj posted on propagation of bedding plants
and ell details pertaining to gardening, de-
sires engagement. Box 1217. Call office.
liOOKKEEPER end cavhler, German (38),
temperate. 12 years' experience In office
work: references and bond: country pre-
ferred. Box 104*. Call office.
A GARDENER wishes place or will take
charge vegetable place in hotel. Box 1103
rail office.
AN honest, «ober m»n of good habits wishes
* room for «ome work dally in this city. Ad-
dress bo- 10C7. Call office.
POSITION wanted by a atrong young man as
porter.. Box 1CT9. Call office. •
A HRIGHT young man 410) desires position
U a xbuaIc houce. Box 1057. Call office.THE SAN.: FRANCISCO CALI^: SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER" Uj ;J90-J-
45
BOO_Pf TO I— TT— 'Toxn. and Uaf-__
HARRISON, 1704-^-A furnish*d room* to I*-
HARRI3QN. .1511— Furnished room to rent."
HAYES.; 481 — Nice sunny furnished rooms
bath, gaa and phone; rent reasonable.
HAYES.. 423— Nicely furnished rooms: $1 30
up week: kitchen privilege If desired.
HAYES, 824 — Sunny, front room.
HOLLIS, 4— Sonny front room for rent.
HOWARD. 647— Furnished rooms to let. '
HOWARD. 679— Rooms to let. . •?£
HOWARD, 614 — Rooms .to let.
HOWARD. 704— Furnished rooms. ;', '^-t\
HOWARD. 715— Larg* sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to $1. day and $1 25 to $3 weeto.
HOWARP. 7341a— Furnished room* to let.
IIQWAKI). 7COA — Furnished rooms to let." '
HOWARD. 7C0— Furnished room* to Ut.
HOWARD. SCO— Rooms to let.
HOWARD. 935*4— Newly renovated furnished
rooms to l»t. ' •
HOWARD. 1058— Nice furnished rooms; rent
cheap. ' ¦ ¦•••'.' _ '
HOWARD. 1074 — Furnished room. -' -i -
HOWARD. 1C37— FumUhed rooms to let.
HOWARD, 1960— Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
HYDE. 113— Furnished room; gentleman pre-
ferred. ¦
HYDE. e25 — Scnny rooms to let. "*
HYDE, 814— A nice large furnished room to
let .' '
HYDE. 1549— Rooms to let. ' * "
IVY a»e., 356 — Furnished rooms to let. :»y j-y
___ . _- -
JACKSON, 913— Furnished room to let. ...
JACKSON. 933x5— Furnished room to let.
JACKSON. 1013— Furnished room to let.
JACKSON. 1015— Room to let." ' ' *
JACKSON. 1250— Furnished room to let.
JESSIE 323— Hall alcove with clean cot bed.
$1 23 week. - -
JESSIE. 215% — Neat furnished rooms to let.
JESSIE. 363 — Unfurnished rooms: to l*t. -
JESSIE. 363 — Fine furnished rooms to let.
JONES, 917. nr. Busli — Single, sunny room;
running water; bath; phones
JULIA. 42 — Furnished rooms to let. .
KEARNY. 305. eor. Busl» — Nicely furnished,
sunny rooms: bath; reasonable prices.
LARKIN. 130— Furnished rooms to let. .
LARKIN. 303— Unfurnished rooms.
LARKIN. 406*4 — Nice sunny back parlor, with
running water: suitable for two.
I
LARKIN, 602— Nicely furnished, sunny, front
rooms ; rent reasonable. •
LARKIN, 518 — Furnished rooms.
LARKIN, 819% — Large, sunny, front room;
suitable for lady or gentleman; $13 per
month. •
LARKIN. 840— Sunny, front room, with board,
for gentleman.
LASKIE. 11. bet. 8tlr and--»th. oft Mission—
- Front room suite; 1 or 2 friends.
LEAVENWORTH. 1030, - nr. Call fornla— Five
rooms and bath.
LIBERTY. 604. nr. Castro— Mod., sonny par-
lors; kitchen; dining-room; bath: warm belt.
LILLY ave.,' 25— One- nice, sunny room,-
LINTJEN ave.. 610 — A. furnished room to let.
LOCUST ave..' 624 — Sunny furnished room.
MARKET. 993 — Suites and single rooms to let.
MARKET. 1085 — Furnished rooms, day. wee_
or month, to let. * _
MARKET. 1049 (Th« FaJmouth) — Snnny rooma.
hot. cold water, elevator ;wtndows for par* _».
MARKET. 1207— Furnished rooms to let.
t • -¦¦¦-'
MARKET. 1C54 — Furnished rooms to rent. -
MARKET. 172? — Furnished rooms to let. -
MASON. 417— Nicely furnished room*.
ilASON. 614. nr. Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
suite or single; reasonable.
MASON. 1710— Furnished room to let.
MCALLISTER 204— Two large sunny rooms to
\McAL LISTER. 505 — Front corner suite to Jet.
MCALLISTER. 683 — Rooms to let.
McALLIST ER. CS3 — Rooms to let. t
MCALLISTER, 8C3— Room to let.
MCALLISTER. 828— Lars* front parlor to let.
MCALLISTER. 837— Furnished room^.
MCALLISTER. 864— Room to l«t. ¦__
MINNA. 114 — Room to let.
MINNA, 258 — Furnished rooms. N • '
MINNA. 640— Furnish^ room to 1*- " .
MINNA, 1034 — Sunny front room; private
family. —
MINNA. 15— Rooms to let.
MINNA. 60— Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 673— Sunny room: $1 week.
. MISSION, 681— Rooma to let
MISSION. 763— Nice, sunny, front room.
MISSION. 911 Vt — Sunny furnished rooms, sln-
.. g ie . or two. . - : — — - • .
MISSION. fl2S-r** urnI>hed rooms to, let.
MIS3ION. 1C30— Furnished rooms.' single or
double.
MISSION. 1037— Furnlraea rooms.
MISSION' 1D5O— Newly furnished "front rooms.
with gas and bath; sultabU for housekeep-
• -icr. -¦•¦-• ' . . . . --
MISSION. 1CC1— One sunny room to let.
MISSION; ¦ 1425— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 1004 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1314— Furnished rooms to l*t.
MISSION. 1315— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 1817— Rocros to let.
MISSION. 2245— Rooma to let. •
MISSION. ¦ 234A— :41caty_f"ro**^ rooms.
For" AddUtonnlF- Classified AdvcrtJae-
1 aicnts See Page; 4«| ;>•, ¦
• ¦ -----'¦- ¦ .PAli-XISTBTl';. ".' ',' " ; "' 1
MME EUGENIE, the Chelro, reveals - facts
that will astonish^ you. portrays ; «yentt. «•- ;:
gcribea enemies; advice given. 478A Turk «C j
MME. DEVAS. palmist and astrologer. Llebes
bids.. 139 ? ost et.; hours 10 to 5; Tues. eve.
MME NEEP.G AKD, located at 242 Post; Hours
rto 5 dally." Phone Jamea 1. Claisei. :• •.
PHY3ICIAITS AgrD__JJBQEO»S.;
DR~~C~C~"o^DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market st., bet. ttth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. .
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR.. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
- treats all diseases -of- the human body; for
past four years at 118-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary ft. 1 ; near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PATEKTB. v
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. 1 MEDINA, at-
torney.-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. ,532 Market st.
PPBCKASIKG AOSlSrq-E3. y
CLARA* E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed 3563 l"th St., San F *ncisco. Tel. Capp 856.
BOOKS FOB HOUSEKEEPING;.
: *v"laRGE eunny'front room to let for house-
i ._ keeping. Apply 14 Guy place. \ .
' ARMY 352S— Furnished rooms' for housekeep-
' . ing. """• ; '¦ ¦- ' ¦
BAKER, 1505— Two housekeeping rooms, un-
j .,. furnished. ' -
I BAKER, 2110— Furnished upper floor. S »« nr y
i rooms* bath, e»R ran«e; adults; unfurnished
j basement, 3 rooms, bath, gas; reasonable.
' BUSH, 133S nsar Polk — Housekeeping rooms;
cheap to flet.t party. ' Phone Sutter 1536.
CALIFORNIA, 1261—2^or 3 ¦ large, sunny
rooms; home conveniences; select location.
J CALIFORNIA, 1507 — Furnished housekeeping :
I rcoms. . ' . - - i
CAPP 940, nr. 2oth — 3 large sunny furnished ;
rooms; sink:' $1^. t - ¦ ;
¦ CENTRAL ave., IV— Large sunny unfurnished
j room; private; phone Orove 434. ~ '
j CENTRAL aye., S13— 2 housekeeping rooms;
j ei'.nny. -. ¦ ' .
1 CLIPPER, 514—" or 3 furnished housekeeping
S rooms; bitfc; laundry: .$14. " ; .
D, 103 — 2 large housekeeping rooms; gas
range; laundry; phone.. ; . ...:-. ¦';
DALE place. 87— Housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 826— Nice housekeeping rooms.
ELEVENTH, 230 — Sunny single room; also
large room; reasonable. ¦¦¦ ¦
ELLIS 1551 — Furnished apartment: front
suite; 'email kitchen; private; $2.*».
FELL, 937— Elegantly furnished housekeeping
I eulte; gas range; sun all day; no signs.
FIRST. "-S, near Howard — 5 sunny housekeep-
ing room3; central location; rent moderate.
FIRST ol7 — Large fur. front rms. for light
hskpg; run, water, closet, bath, also sing, r.
__ , _ - /¦
FOLSOM, 513 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
FOLEOM, 742A — Sunny . front housekeeping
rooms; yard connection: $14 month. . .
FOLSOM, 743 — Housekeeping rooms. • . .
FOLSOM,' 754 — Nice housekeeping room;
pantry, clcsjt, cas stove; $8.". '
FOUR neat]y furnished sunny rooms, bath, all
conveniences; lower floor; private house, half
block Ufixn panhandle: nice locality; mod-
erate, ilox 1382, Call office.
FOURTH. for housikeep- '
! Ing; also single room.- . » . . * ;.
GEARY, 1417— Front suit, 2 connecting rooms;
gas ranee, bath, etc. "
1 GEARY, 16S5 — 2 3 -or 4^ sunny... furnished
; housekeeping rooms; all complete; gas range;
j . bath; cnear. ' " *
GOLDEN ' GATE ave^, C31— Nicely .furnished
single rcoms for housekeeping. y .:
GOLDEN GATE. 1217— Ntwly. furn. parlors for
1 hkpg-; . running, water, bath; connecting; $16.
GROVE, 5C5— Two housekeeping roonisJ - -
GUERRERO, 333—2 ' large, sunny- furnished
rooms; housekeeping or single; gas, phone,
bath. ¦--¦.»•¦ . : ¦- - ¦ : " - ¦•¦ v --'
HARRISON, 67C — Large sunny housekeeping
room. - -¦ .". . •¦. ¦ " .. ," ¦',..¦¦ ":s"
HARRISON. 754^ — Housekeeping rooms.
HAYES. 115-r Furnished housekeeping rdorac.
HOWARD, 737*^— Nicely iurnlshed sunny suite
housekeeping rooms, and others, $1 60 up.
HOWARD, 040 — Housekeeping rooms.' (
,__ __ : — — — —
: HOWARD, 1074— Housekeeping rooms.
i 1 1 ¦
HOWARD, 1074^ — Housekeeping rooms.
J HOWARD. HUH — Front sunny room for house-
j . keeping.. , • ¦ . .¦
JOICE. 12. off Pine, near Powell— 2 light, airy
and sunny . unfumUhed connectlnfr rooms;
central location: quiet family; no other
roomers; modern; reasonable. • • .' .
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Tbrr.«>
room gunny apartment*: steam heat:cen. ',00,
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny. -furnished 3-room eultes; rteam heat-
ed,, electric lighted; . free Laths; rates if as.
LAGUNA, 910—3 housekeeping rooms; $25.
i JESSIE, '607— To rent, 2 and 4 sunny rooms;
> furnished for housekeeplns.
' LAGUNA, 1507. corner Geary — Elegantly fur-
ij nlshed sunny rooms; bath, phone; new ¦ flaU
I private; reasonable..
{ LARKIN. 613—3 large, front, sunny rooms-,
running water: gas grate; two beds; first
floor; central; $26 50. _
• LARKIN. filO — Sunny front rooms; house-
i keeping: bath and phone.
LIBRARY' bldg.. Van Ness and Golden Gate
1 '¦¦' aves. — Suites and eunny unfur. rooms; r»as.
I McALJjISTER. 30— Furnished double room;
j running water.
! MCALLISTER. CC8 — S=:.nr suite; complete for
housekeeping; $10; adults. . .
MCALLISTER. 6S3— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms
fcr housekeeping; 1 eg. kitchen; call before 4.
MCALLISTER. 720— Double parlors; house-
keeping; folding bed; $25. > ,
MISSION. 80S — r Sunny housekeeping rooms;
. reasonable. -./ . .
I MISSION, lUR-^-Elegant front suite for house-
1 keeping, with bath and gas; single room.
$1 50 per. week.
. NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 000. .-.-'.' -\
NINETEENTH. 3475. near Valencia— Two
nicely furnished front rooms hekg: gas; bath.
'OAK. 117.-638 i McAilister— Rooms, complete;
$5 to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults. .
OAK. 117— Compile for housekeeping, $3 to
j $12; gas range; hot bath; adults. • • ¦
OAK. 000 — New sunny 3 rooms, bath, electric
¦ ;. lights, phone. . private. ., - ¦¦.-,.'-
OCTAVIA, 1103, cor. Geary— Large sunnny
suite; housekeeping; gas range; $15. -. - •.
O'FARRELL. {. CZS-srAIcbve ,. suite; ¦- separate
\ kitchen; also .larne.-front parlor..-.
O'FARRELL,' 1395^-2 1 nicely '¦ furnished , - front
. j" houeekcepine rooma , In new flat.' ; . ' . • . -, . :_ ,
PAGE, ' 1034— Private residence; 3 furnished
.. housekeeplnsr rooms.;. ' •- \
PINE.- 1000— Suite of "2 rooms. $23 60 per mo.;
„ adults:, first-class. . ¦..-, -¦,._.. : .. . .. ..•
POST. 7C0- T FurriUhed ; rooma to let . for house-
';,* keeping. '';.-;¦ j',.i->"": V-. ..- •..-... ,, : .-
POST, 002— Large sunny housekeeping; rooms ;
gas,, bath/ phone; very convenient; $10 to $23.
POWELL, 1103-^-Housekeeplng rooms; also sin-
''¦tie,';.'',..;,. .';"„.¦:..'¦."•¦."/!:,¦¦¦- ;'.!-¦".. ,'.',". -.-^.y
RUSS. 106,- between Sixth and Seventh—
>; Housekeeping rooms. ... ;
SACRAMENTO, 1605— Three unfurnished ' front
; ¦;, rooms; ;bay-window; jail: conveniences. .., •,.. ; . ,-•-
SCOTT. 300, northeast corner Page— Two newly
-. » furnished.* sunny, housekeeping . rooms; quiet. .
'..;;; respectable, i-i:-".'. ..-¦; ¦•'¦";.."..¦ '_.-,'. - ¦ . -.;: ; >'<~:~- .
SECOND, t, 149— Nice .': furnished... rooms; '• none
y more, reasona^le'in.the city. . ; ¦ - 'j
KOI7SES WAJTTEP. i
I WANT A HOME. j
If you have a. modern. S to 10 room house in \
Western Addition, with plenty ef light, and :
¦wnni to cell It at a fair price, address box
IPO*. Cail cfflce.
nrvALip chatrs. • ¦
tCLI) rented. exchanged; manufacturer* of
Eames tricycle chair. 201« Mkt.: tel.Park 776.
LOSTABfO TOXjmt.
LOST — A gold-headed silk umbrella: monogram
"E. B.." on Wednesday, on or off Halght-st.
* car. between Stanyan st. and Masonic ave.;
¦ liberal reward. 152* Masonic ave.
LOST— Silver mttcfcbox hsvtnr lady's picture
and monogram. Finder will kindly return to
' 1523 Market «t.. opposite Van Nes* ave.;
liberal reward. ' I
LOST— Saturday afternoon, lady"* gold w «tch;
diamond on one eid»: tnonctram "E. L. C. |
on other; rhuto Inside; attached to pansy :
pin; liberal reward. 671 E11U at.
LOST— Shepherd collie; black and whitcyeilow |
ppots: answers to nam< of Laddie. Return to
1713 Eddy st. and receive reward.
.LOST— Aur Z5 silver buckle with black belt;
Hyde. Cal. or Fllltncre and ICth cars. Be- j
turn or write to b3ti liay 't.
LOST— Presentation badge; name on bar; suit- :
able reward if it-turned to the carpenter,
T iseher's Theater.
LOST— Plain roia earrings. Saturday, between
Post end Sum r st». Return to 837 Ges.ry st. ,
DOO collar lost; licence No. 885. Plea»e re- ;
turn 1SGM Market *t. ¦
LOST — Between Slsth and Taylor, pu&e con- \
talning $3 35. Return to »<J4 Howard »t.
LOST— Turk and Van Ness; bracelet. Pleas«
return to 1103 Turk at.: reward.
I>OST— In ladler' toilet. first floor Palace Hotel.
S rings, between 2 and 3 o'clock p. m., Fri-
day. Reward. MISS HIQBY. care Wellman.
Pertc & Co.. l>st Et.; phone Private Ex-
change CO. . - \ j
LOST— A pa** bock with the Hlbernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of Sen Francisco, in
<be name of CLARA SINCLAIR, No. 215.-
• C78; th* Under will please return to bank.
|5 REWARD— Black lace scarf. Wednesday ;
night between Jones at. and ferry, on Mar- i
het. Reward at 41*1 Twenty-sixth ft., Oak-
land. L. M- WILLIS.
LOST— All of our competitors; reduction in
pr>ces and Quality of ftock did It. EHIUKLET |
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter *t-. phone Oraat j
197; 1204 Gutter st.. phone Cast 617.
LOST— A gold brooch ccntaininp three black
and three white pearls. J. W. DAVT, 240 K.
Third St.. San Jcte. Cal. i
LOST — Sept. 8, on Key route train, leather i
wallet marked fW. A. Potts." Return to j
K. T.. 206 Poet »t. ; reward. J
FOUND — Gold medal: fcammerihrower; name ',
on back. Call 1716 Cryant tt. j
FOUND — A Grricn setter. Inquire at 423
Washington et.. room 4.
'1
lAtracgzis roa man. j
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay i
tt. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush S34. '
J. IClchaelis Launch Co.. Union-*t. Wharf; boat-
lr^ & excurtions. 5 Steuart st. ;teLJohn 2SS8. I
MAraiatoiriAXt. i
GENTLEMAN. 4S years old. a businers man in '
this city for 15 years ran. good habits,
wi&fct-s to m<^t a ladv of middle ajre. who
would h . : •.f.f.'.K- a home and hu*baad; no
triflers <-»• atrnu need enswer. Box 1108, '
Call oir.ee. ;
GENTLEMAN <45). business here 20 years,
nice home and Income, deeires marriage with
<:¦¦:•' i-Ti"i'.»-; lady under 40; must be healthy,
u ¦• •-. looking, same means. Reply fully, box
-• 'j -i. Call office. All correi>!>ondence - re-
turned, j
A yoi'XG (5entl«>man: have a fine home; am
north Jl'i'.''*-, rny relatives are all well to ;
do tnd «.ni!ucntjal; woj:ia like to corre- ¦
spoad with a young; lady ct rood family; ;
ofcject matrimony. Box l>80. Call office.
A GENTLEMAN hoidinif a socd position '
mith the Government, a comfortable income; i
lif.ht hair. 38 >(-ars old. eood habits, would '
Ike to meet ycun*; lady about 30 who would
like to marry. Box 112«. Call cfflce. ..-,j
GENTLEMAN. :>0 years old, unlneumbered,
•• -;-;—rE'«-, kind disposition; am well known
in business In this city; would like to met
a youns; lady; object matrimony. Box 1109, i
Call efnee.
COLLEOE mduate from the East, tall, fair, ;
ttyiiih. has small fortune, desires to meet
nit-* youas girl; object matrimony. -Box 1438, ;
Call o:fice. - j
A MAN. S7 yeara of ere. la mercantile busi-
ness In country, with a fair Income, wishes
to raoet a lacy; object matrimony. Box 1011,
*."ail offtcc. - i
A BUSINESS man: kind and aflectlotnate; has
a good business here in the city; would like j
to meet a lady; object matrimony. Box 823. i
Call cfflce. j
A TOITXG German of some means withes to
correspond with young lady or maiden; object
matrimony. Box 1144, Call office. :
GENTLEMAN. 35. have a business of my own ,
and a rood home for a wlJe. Address box •
lOtJi. «:all cfflce j
HATTBSSSZS 3JBH PILLOWS.
TO order; renovat«d. disinfected (formaldehyde
rroceM); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB •
EROS., 1432-21 He ward et.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL. ¦ j
LADIL5 desiring safe, sure and quick relle! '
frcm lrrerularltlea consult me; my method*
«.-<• painless and reliable; bo failures; no ex- i
. orbltant fe*a. CONSULTATION AND AD- |
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all ft- ,
male diferders; call or write. DR. WHITE, j
702 Market ct., rooms 7 and S. ;
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Belief rcr irregularities. Help for ¦ the un- •
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively ts j
these condition*. I'm i»*e only ORASCATE !
. physician here who can »ay this. Call or
write. Oonfldentlal. Est. 14 years. DR. R. .
H. WESTOX. office 305 KEARXT ST. ;
Mns. DR W'TETH. rpecialUt for all female '
cctcplalnta ani lrreiruUriUes: Inatant reUef j
guaranteed ; 30 year*' experience. 826 Post st- <
SIRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe^ j
icate troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10C«H Market St.. opp. Qth. |
VALPEAUS female pil!t; best regulaUns; pilla '
¦•old: Drtce f 2 *«0 by express. Pasteur's ayr- j
Joge and t&blcts; srice $5. By express enly j
en i«ceit>t of oriee. O8GOOD BROTHERS, |
r h..5«-f.-.le drufk'ists. Seventh and Broadway, '
¦ -k'.and ;
HR. a. W. O'DONNELL — All who are ciek or
in trcnbTe consult this epeclallct oa femals
rcraplaists: positively corrected: the nnfortu- J
rate helped; the lucct difficult caaes treated;
acvlce free. Office 1018 Market st. j
KRR. BEiiNAKD, 17 Fcurth Ft., room ». po»-
Hirely cures rheumatism; tnagnetle. vapor A j
(team bath?. Office hours lu a. m. to f p.m. 1
ER. and Un. DA VIES a'nd IX IX DOO HERBS: i
f r F'.r.£i method oT treatment. 1128 Market. |
Mns. CR. GWVER. MIA Leaveawcrth St.. be-
tween Gear>- and O'Farrell. -
LADIES— Kumround; aafe, sure, never fall*;
iZ Gleaaon-Rugr!ea Drug Co.. Keamy & CUy.
Dr.. ROEEN. resides 2905 Folfora »t., corner
26lh; la«le*. relief cr no fee; $10.
amrrs aitd Miamro.
GOLDFEILD. Nev.. richer than Tonopab or
Cripple <^re*k; createst gold camp in his- J
?ory: foitunra belnj njad* 1 » - hile camp i» .
r r >Ew: mar*. vi«!W*'and particulani free.)
Hi? Elk Gold Mines. 71CO. Iulian-Amerlcaa
Bank bWg., San Frar.el»co. f
%v'E will send absolutely frwe for six months '
an lllurtrated mining journal giving all news :
§m Goldfleld. Xev.. and the mining camp*
the ereat Weet. Western Investors' He- J
¦•*•. 4VA) Mcnigomc-ry st.. San Francisco. |
MiscELiAgEOpg—roa sale.
BOILERS. «nrine«. 2<J-l«and machinery. McIN- |
TOSH & T.QLPMAN. 135-1S7 Fremont et.
FOH sale — New and second -hand billiard and
pool table*; eacy payments: we rent table*
with privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
chf-itn prices. BUUNSWICK-EALKE-COL-
LEMJEK. CS2 Mit^ioa tt.
DOES TOLR ROOF LEAK? ; ' ' • ¦ • •"
Kepah- it with elatertte. In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATEUITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS— As we are going to move
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid movlnr
. stock, win sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
ARDSOX BROS.. 1616 Market «t.
EKOEMAKEIiS — X have a the* patching- ma-
chin* ack Wells pat. Jack, cheap; also a
Wheeler-* Wilson family sewing machine.
BBQWy. 609 Larfcln st. . .
HANDSOME carriage; fine double harnet
suitable for livery, back or family us*.v ic
Hutter at.
A— EU TH. «ells or rests gear machinery. ' e:
griaes, boiler*, water pipe, shafting pulley
to. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
[ ! MOgEY TO XOAN— Contlnne-,
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies,", etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. "21 Stockton st. -
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, indorsed notes and ; other security. S.
F. Dls\ount Agency. 143 ; Phelan bldg. .
faTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
. employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; ho removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoraer. MORRELL, 600 Examiner building.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
- plane* for small rooms, medium -size for
average rooms, big pianos for. large parlors,
hills, etc.; pianos fcr. rent at $1 per month,
tome at Vi. a large number of good ones at
$2 50 per mo.: cur own make pianos at 53
per ruo. (the best instrument offered for the
. money in S. F.); a fine line of elegant larce
pianos for $4 and $3 per mo. ; over $150 ln-
i ftrumenu to select frcm, all of them good
1 bargains to buy as w«ll as rest; one year's
rental allowed off purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. CCO-64 Hayes at.
j A BIG BARGAIN BALE OF SLIGHTLY USED
• PIANOS.
' Woodworth and Alovan, upright $50
I Fahr. upright ....$100
George J. Blrkel. oak case..... $150
Denniston, walnut $175
i Symphony, rosewood .......$200
. Hamilton, oak case ....$225
: Vose & Sons, walnut ?^50
Small IJyren Mau2y, mahogany.... $325
: Kchmer & Co., like new. $-100
New pipe organ .......'.. ........ ..$1500
BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post. '
j A BUNCH Of UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
j ' Erard, email upright for practice $40
• ¦ Woodworth and AHovon. splendid order.. 65
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain.... 123
Sherman, Clay _ Co.. good order........ 1.13
Grovecteen & Fuller, splendid order 143
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
i terms, lowest prices and greatest variety of
i new planes; all makes In used Instruments.
I HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary St.; Oak-
1 land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
! house and only manufaqfurers here. "
, EMERSONvirrand cabinet upright piano, ma-
] hogany case; used only one year; cheap;
i party leavln? fr.r Europe. 2S07 Washington
j fit, near Devisadero.
TALKING machines, guitars, etc. ; easy pay-
: ' ments; month's piano rent free. . BRUENN,
i 225 Sutter st. - _^
i FINE Stelnway square piano for sale cheap.
j .1209 MUslon st., near Ninth. -.
1 A George Steck upright grand; elegant ma-
; hogany case; cheap. Hornung-, 210 McAllister.
i SECONlD-hand ptano,$125.- BACIOALUPI. 789
1 Mieaion it. ' -
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to b»
told: $135. 237 Geary st.
j A LOT unredeemed stor,af,e pianos, furniture,
I dirt cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1636 Mkt.
' A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
I new; $135. 237 Geary st. ¦ _
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
' NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
j ment *- 6CHMITZ * CO.. 16 McAllister st.
t 3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
j Ehonlnger, little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OrriCES AHP STORES TO SET.
¦ STORE with living- rooms; yard, with stable.
2038 Greenwich st. ,
i FINE store to let: northeast corner Market
and Noe sts.; suitable dry poods, bakery, etc.
. i A LARGE store with three living rooms. 1480
j Valencia st.
i FINE store, with basement; lease. 1217
1 Stockton st. '
[ LOWER part of 423 Sutter st. ; suitable for
• business • purposes.
I ¦"
|;j PEKSOgAXS.
FREE FREE FREE
Ostrich Feather Coupon. • . ¦
Cut out and present this coupon at our office,
6 Eddy street, room 113, top floor, on or be-.
fore November 1, 1904, and get your feathers
: and boas Waterproofed free of charge, bo they
j can be worn in damp and foggy weather wlth-
j out losing their curl. This process gives
i renovated feathers an appearance equal to new
: goeds. , • . .
I Indorsed by Welnstock, Lu^in & Co., O'Con-
! nor, Mpffatt & Co., Kobert Wallace, Alma
I.E. Keith, etc.- -„-. ¦* • ' • ¦
Potter Ostrich "Feather .Waterproofing Co.,
i Office hours. 10 a. m. to 4 p.. m. .Take eJevator.
I A — CALL arid see our" demonstrators, with one.
half of face treated; I ruarantee to remove
' j permanently wrinkles, . freckles, ,
j Smallpox Dlttlncr, etc.;
1 Restore "lost contour.
I If you derlre a fresh, youne face, call or
• write MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st.
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure for
rbeumatitm. paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia.
. sore throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 60c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL tc BROWN. 82 Turk St.. 8. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
1 provw its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
I and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
I cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk.
j MY wife, Nellie, having this day. without
I cause, left my bed and board. I will not be
reeponslble for any debts contracted by her
September 10. 1904. WILLIAM BACOME.
THE bsst investment In the United States to-
day- for laree or srr.all sums of money;
. sound. «afe, sure. • Write for particulars,
A. P. ABBOTT. Berkeley. Cal.
i . -
< Cancerous temps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
I skin, mouth, benes, etc) speedily cures) by
' tkllled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
, Pharmacy. 3'.W Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
! RAG carrels wove to order and for 'sale;' also
1 chenille- wove ruts, silk portieres; dealer In
; carpet -'twine In hank or chain, at lowest
' rates. G«o. Matthews. 700 Fifth st.. Oakland.
1 RUGS made from 0I4 carpets; ingrain, brus-
: eels, tapestry and moquette; chenllte curtain*
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
J S62 Market st.. Oakland: take West 8th car.
PRIVATE detective work: all descriptions;
shadowing; collections specialty. J. A. WIL-
LIAMS, , 454 Clementina, et.
CHICAGO bath and massage parlors; newly
opened; Swedish graduate mAFseuoe in. charge.
"The Dundas." 3C8 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
! PROF. DE LOUTSKY. face Medalist; Parl-
slan; pcinltES methods. 327 Geary street,
opposite Kt. Francis Hotel.
"REXRADIO" is healing multitudes of alleged
"incurables" by his wonderful (humanized)
"Radium" pow«r. 26 Montg'y, suite 21;2to4
j A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst 'bald head. Call or writ*.
DR. G. S.. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
ALL' hair and rktn diseases cured: hair grown;
pray restored;' superfluous hair ' positively
killed. DUNLAP INSTITUTE. 60 Geary st.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and troHKers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tsilor. 721 Market st. •
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and $1 M per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post «t.. near Powell.
THE Boston Bankruptcy Co. — We have the
beet systfem of closing out stocks of merchan-
dise. Box 1074, Call office. • . ;
A — Visitors. . *.-e shampoo, manicure, dres* hair,
etc.: cheapest, best In city. 133 Powell st,
! SISTER looking for brother, name of CAR-
' NEY SCANLON. Write to 1832 Union St. .
1 WHEN In Los AngsUs call at, T. W. JOHNS
j & CO.'S, 4.11 S. Spring et.
MRS. BURR (formerly Mine. Anthony), med-
ium. Ufa reader. 711 Harrison; 1. 25c; .s;. 30c.
EYES examined free. THOS. HOUSEWORTH.
; optician. lfiS4 Market trt.. rm. 207; est. 1S5I.
I Superfluous hair removed: eleetrle needle. Mrs.
j Katrn. 399 Sutter. Mtrs Eaton. 233 Geary. r.-jt.
I SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by eleo-
trlc needle. LOIS A. GRAY., 1170 Market at
I ELEGANT RUits to order. «*tra pants or fancy
j:.. vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market
! LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
j- tonic In the; world at 1810 Slitter st. ' .
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants.Sl.1.
j LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet 7th and 8th.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
¦>$230., GARIN. 138 Montgomery - st. . ' . t
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60: dress pav to $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor.. Bush and Dnpont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. « wigs;
. country orders.; GOLDSTEIN *'CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian. Henna restores gray
1 hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of Th* Call for the reception
. of advertisements and subscriptions has been
. opened at - 1008 • Market st., opposite Fifth.
• Open until Up. tn. ,\ ,.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cent* — The Weekly CalL
16 p»|tes. In wrapper, for mailing; $1-per year.
PABTITEBS WARTTED. -
¦ WANTED — Partner with $500 for real estate
' " : business. ' Box 2100. Call office." , -.-
BOO-tB TO Xigy—nu rn. -na tr-J-rn. f
DKVISADERO. 1015— Furnished room to let.
DEWEY House — Furnished rooms to let.
EDDY. 8. cor. PoweD. Market and- Eddy-
Well furnished rooms; reasonable.
EDDY. 432— Fine furnished room* ; _all con-
venl ence s ; s Ingle rooms; baths; reasonable.
EDDY. 468 — Large, > sunny parlor; running
¦water; grate; suitable • for two gentlemen.
EDDY. lgg»— Rooms to let.
EIGHTH ave., 574, Richmond district — Fur-
¦ninhed room. - -...--.-. ..-..'
ELEVENTH, - 84— Famished «rooms to let.
ELEVENTH. 117— FwnUhed rooma.
ELEVENTH. __—!—•— shed room* to let.
ELEVENTH. 138-^-mrnlshec rooms to let.
ELLIS. 315— Furnished room or suites to let.
ELLIS. 150— Sunny suites ana single to. let.
ELLIS^SIO— Rooms to let.
ELLIS. COGVt— Housekeeping rooms; also fur-
nished roomstolet^^^ ¦.
_ !LLIS. 6M — Furnished roon— to Ut. ' -'¦
ELLIS. 616 — Rooms 1 to let. .
ELLIS. 725— New modern suites to let.
ELLIS. 732— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 732— Furnished .room* to let. ;</:
ELLIS, 732 — Front room to let. ¦
ELLIS. 1038— Large, furnished room: private
fajnlly: phone; rent, very low.
FT-T-TR 1164— Furnished rooms - to rent.
ELLIS. 1308— Furnished rooms with or with-
out . board. -¦"'"'••».' *
ELLIS. 1323 — Nice single room to let,
ELLIS. 1323— Nice single room to let. ;>-
ELLIS, 1885— Sunny furnished room; $8. ;*~\% '*¦'¦
FEDERAL. 85— Furni-hed room to let.
FELL. 233— Furnished rooms to 1st.
FIFTH. 254— Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable price. ¦ • : i\. •
FIFTH. 411 — Furnished rooma; cheap. '
FIEBERT. : 327— Roomn to- let. -
FILL— ORE. 023 — Two nicely furnished rooms
for young couple or single lady; bath; tele-
phone; reasonable. ¦ .
FILLMORE. 241J— Rooms to_ let.
FILLMORE. 2413— Rooms to let.
FILLMORE. 2411— Furnished rooms.""
FILLMORE, 2S36— 2 furnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 513 — Furnished rcom to let.
FOLSOM, CC8 — Nicely fnrnfahed room to let.
FOLSOM, 1124 %— Furnished room to let.
FOLSOM, 1220 — Neatly "furnished sunny room
to let. ... . . ..'
FOUR unfurnished rooms; water, gas; rent
., $8... Inquire 1503 .Baker streets -. .
FRANKLIN. 25— Nicely furnished room tolet.
FRANKLIN. 428— Furnished room.
FRANKLIN. 428— Corner furnished room.
FRANK UN, 710— Sunny, furnished room to
let; $10.
FRANKLIN. 721. near O. O." ave.— Sunny for-
-aiahed front rooms. «altabl* for two.- $10-
FREMONTJ 811— Furnished rooms to let.
FREMONT. 316— Boom and board.
FREMONT, 316 — Board and room.
FULTON, S300-^-Nice, sunny, furnished room
Jo rent; reasonable. ¦-/. '•; i
FURNISHED rooms to let; all location- Phon*
Clay 096. - ;
FURNISHED room to let. Apply 2120 Post
, street. ,; -
FURNISHED 'rooms to let. Apply 620 Folsom
street. . ¦¦ - - _-*.¦;>¦".<.
GEARY, 483 — One sunny furnished room for
rent.
GEARY, 620— Sonny furnished I rooms.
GEARY. .664— Front rooms and kitchen; also
• others.
GEARY. 727 — Elegantly furnished single rooms !
to Ut.
GEARY.' 78S— Comfortable room for young
man: $7 month; references required.
GEARY. 016^— Small room to let.
GEARY. 916%— Neatly furnished room for
rent. ¦¦'',''-.'.' ¦¦\ ',.
GEARY. 12€6-^Furalshed room to let. ; .//,
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 430— One furnished
• room. "*-• — • • ¦/
GOLDEN GATE ave., KJ(>— Furnished rcoms to
• -let. - - - ¦ -¦-¦¦. '. - - . . -, : --
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 871 — Purnished rooms to
-let:" ¦¦¦-- •¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ r. ." '
GOLDEN GATE fcve., 1208— Large aunny
newly furnished rcoms to let.". \ ./.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1524. n«ar Scott— Rear
sunny room to let. ¦' ' ¦ i ¦ '
GOUGH. 1C05- -Rccm. with or without board.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $125 night; $1 BO to $6 wit; reaalng-rm.
GRANT' ave.t , 8--Nlee room to l*t-
GREEN. 720 — Furnished room.
GREENWICH. .861*i — One s*ns;l* sunny fnr-
nlshed front. room to rent; 'Convenient to all
¦ cars. ¦ ¦ •-• :- -. ¦ ¦
GROVE. 428 — Sunny, front room;- $4- per
; week. . ¦ ¦ ¦..••.-.•¦ ¦" :¦ . .
HAIGHT. CO-^-Furnished room to let.
HAIGHT, 218^-Furnlshed room to let.'"
.HAIGHT. 14oT — Furniihcd sunny rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 1786 — Furnished bedroom, sunny and
; new; ' suitable for: two cents or. lady.:, , ...
HARRIET, 20^— Sunny, f rent room and bath.
HARRISON.: 721— Nice -furnished. rooms; cen-
tral location. ¦¦:--.¦ ..: ¦ m I
IIARRIs6N,,7?0Mr—Kun>l*het» rooma to let.
'HARRISON. 767— Furnished rooms.' *.
HARRISON;" 784%. ' near: Fourth— Finely" fur-
' ¦'. ntshed. "- «irony • rooms; * bath; homelike;. $1
: .w-eek ,up.^ ' ..'..'¦
HARRISON,' M0^i-|- Furnished rooms. ," .'
! HARRISON. $70. nr. Sixth— Two nice fur-
.„ nUhed. rooms- for two irentlemen.'. ¦ ¦
HARRISON." 1121— Furnished room. to. let.
HARRISON. 1180— Furnished room to let.
HARRISON;- lateW— Small .room - to : rv»t.
t ..,..;¦. — -7- — .:. .. ¦". -. ¦; : — ; — : .. .• —
HARRISON, 1314 — Surmy front roam for rent-
HARRISON, -2408%. bet. ; Twentieth .and
. a Twenty-first — To - Ie t. ' 2 ; sunny ' front , rooms,
iurnlshed; gas and bath.
1 nctscxi.ii-JnsoTrs— roa; bale— con.
' ! A ONE-TON !c«, two-ton refrigerating ma-
chine, with steam or gasoline engine to run
: the same .v..".....; ....$500
100-ln. mangle, washer, extractors, shirt lroner.
collar and cuff machine, tacks, boiler and en-
gine, etc., etc $1000
500-light dynamo. 60-HP. Ball automatic en-
gine, boiler complete $750
Water works' pump, B. & W. boilers, Worth-
Ington feed pumps, Gonbert heater, ready to
use $1800
Il-ln.xl6-ln. AUas engine and 64-in.xl6-ft.
boiler, all complete, reedy to run $700
. 4-48 Pelton water wheels, casing, etc.,^for bis
head, each $100
, ! • — —
, Band blast air pump $30
, 12 miles of Al pip* at *4 price regularly sold
: for. We have the rotten tube variety also;
I your own irlce. ¦
j 60-in.xl6-ft. return tubular boiler, all com-
1 , pltte. with stack. ¦ breeching bare, drum, new
j brass fitting*, etc, etc-. $450
We have the balloon type boiler also; cheap
for half the money.
j "Curiosity killed the cat": don't take up our
i time unlesK you want to buy or sell second-
• I hand machinery: that's our business.
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO..
1 AH over Beale st., Ban Francisco.
' 2D-HAND machinery engines, boilers, pump*.
1 pulleys, shaflinu etc.. etc., bought, sold.
i rt nt#d and rxchansed; «e Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO 130-132 Beale st.
I FINE Smith Premier typewriter for sal*. Ap-
ply to W. E. STAIGER. 221 Montgomery St.,
j care or Diamond Palace.
. ' FOR sale — One lot of carpenter tools; a bar-
• I gain; alco one single sewing machine. In
good condition. ?3. 1S24 Page street.
i GAS range (Jewel), with Deasy Water Heater,
for Kale: as ?ocr] as new. Apply 74 East
Twelfth St.. Oakland. .
' I-"OR sale^ — IC-foot canva* awning, cheap. At
32S>i Twelfth st.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
, monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
i gomery St.. room 12. upstairs. •
j J. COOPER, gents' full-drets rental parlors,
: moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st.,
j upstalrr.
I TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charge*. II Sd »t.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
! CANARIES, good singers, young birds, native
sons. Apply at 130 Mateo St., .city; Har-
• rison-st. car line.
i WANTED — Woman'* ticket to St. Louis via
! S. P.. I>. _- R. G. and Mo Pac Box 2166.
Call office: . 7 .
; ELASTIC stockings $2: factory 107 O'Farrell
st. (removed from 40 Ellis). JOHN W.
HOPEWELL.
COCKER pups for sate: cheap. Apply J. F.
PURCELL. 1203 Union st.
' FRESH family cow for sale. Inquire SAM
I AFTERGUT. cor. Mission st. and Silver ave.
i ; ;
: GAS stove for sale; cheap. 361 Third ave.
j FOR sale— One 12-ceil electric battery, in good
order: $5. 544 California st.
¦ ROLL tcp desk and chair for sale. Apply
j C. H. BRADLEY. 330 Market st.
$3 — SINGER sewing machine. for sale. In nice
condition. COS Ellis st.
FOR *a!e — Oil barrels, drums and tanks. GEO.
I PARTRIDGE £ CO.. 123 California st.
A QUICK now knitting machine; made In
Germany. Can be seen at 1190 Eddy st.
WANTED to sell — First-class refrigerator,
; 40x45; almoet new; take $15. 121 Stetner st.
' PIGEONS — Choice squab breeders, cheap. 2150
Pacific live,. Alamoda.
I FOX terrier puppy males $3. 3010 Castro St.,
in Glen Park. Ingleslde cars.
; 2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 16C7 Mkt.
: A FINE lorgnette chain with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sjxth st.
i ROOMS papered; $4 up; tinting, painting.
! Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third ;tel.Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
j McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
1 BEAUTIFUL 1. karat diamond ring $80; worth
' $100. OARIN. 138 Montgomery st. .
' FOR sals — First-class new bricks. • Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL, 102Ui Market St..
: SAFES and cash regltters, new and second-'
hand: I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns. ,aie rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st. - '
SOME gocd 2d-hand gasoline engines, 1 to 12
j h. p.. cheap E. B. BECK' ft CO.. 122 Mkt.
i 8AFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
; J MANN SAFE CO., 507 Battery st.
' ; GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
i all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont Et.
• l .-'^..'-y iSCEI ' 3iA3r^ !Otr8 "^ASTC-.
! 1 BIQ prices paid fcr old gold, sealskins, dla-
l mends,' gents' full drezs suits, etc.; send
! postal card. LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25
Stockton st.
• WHAT will you give in exchange for a kall-
sraph typewriter in perfect condition? Box
1164. Call of nee.
1 A 'LADIES' ticket for Kansas City or 8t.
I . Louis. Box 1631, Call office,
• WANTED — To trade fine special target rifle
for calling row boat. Box 1412. Call office.
j WANTED — Some good laying kens for private
; yard. Box 1404, Call office.
[ TILTON wants good second-hand clothin? and
I theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2651.
• WANTED — One cr two tickets for Denver;
must be cheap. Address box 1416. Call.
i WANTED — To buy second-hand bar and back
; bar; price. ' Box 1238, , Call office.
i WANTED — To buy painting tools or shop;
) must be reasonable. J. Weaver. 1210 Mission.
: HIGHEST prices for ladlen',rent's castoff clotb.
\ ir.g, etc. Tel. Davln 825; 650^ Sacramento st.
: HIGHEST prices for ladles', gentlemen's cast-
pg cloth., etc. 022 FoUom st.; t»L Fol. 3522.
; KOPET TO Z.OAJT.
AAA— HERMAN • URPHY,
: 601-602-603 Examiner building.
, Quick settlements; no disappointments."
! Eare expenses . by dealing directly. •
: Estate, second mortgages, undivided -Inter-
I tsts, assignments of rents, property In trust,
! etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
i tertets in property purchased.
; Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
: When You Need Money, -,•<.-,
\ See HERMAN MURPHY.
j . WILL LOAN
I A reasonable amount on
- - -1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels,, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars" -
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. ¦
* Box 41MJ, Call Office.
; PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without ,
Ij security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.: cut rate. Ccl Loan Co., 326 Parrott bdg
1 - ___'
' SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
¦ call and ret terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
I A — OK furniture or planes at. lowest rates; no
j removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, roora 3t>.
' HlGIr_hr respectable private -place to obtain
; liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
! per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
' 846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; -large business in 46
principal cities. - Tolman, 653 Parrott . bldg.
MuyiCT^Ny^o-T c^ $ > %«jr ctt "•
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; ;$25,up; quick,
quiet, confldf ntlal. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
_t\W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. '- /¦"
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
just on their note;e_sy payment*. 600 Rlal-
to bldg.. New Montgomery and Mlision sts. '
DON'T borrow money on salary. until: you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 006 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and . chattels. E. VT. LICK. ;
1003 Mutual Sav.-Bs.nk bids;... 708 Market st.'
} BOOMH TOB HOTr_J|»_;iiyilTCK--Ce-. 1
SECOND. .104 — Furnished rooms for housekeep- '
•Ing; large yard. 1 -¦¦-:¦;. ..¦.-:• -
SECOND.' 212— Furnished rooms, single and
Thousfckeepinev -- - .¦ - ¦. - - -
SHOTWELL, 705. near 21st— 2 or 8 Utg* ean-
;ny furnished rooms; $12, $18. .>¦•¦ .- •.
SOUTH PARK. 178 — Nlct clean rooms for
housekeeping. - -' . •••.... • \
BUTTER, 717 — Elenaat carior suite; large
¦ closet; rumi.ng water. . . - . . . •
4 ROOMS with parlor, furnished, for house-
keeping. Apply ll&A Slxtn st.. the Pied-
mont House. ; . ' . . .
THE VIRGINIA,; 1005 Powell — Furnished 'or
unfurnished bay-window suites, complete for
' housekeeping; gas range; also single.
THIRD. 314— Suites and singles, $1 60 to $4
week; bath"; 'back' traltc. rang*,- poreh.-$3 TO;
THIRD, 444 H— Housekeeping rooms ' to let. .
TWENTIETH. 3680— Nicely furnished room for
housekeeping; phone; reasonable. '
TURK, ¦ 814— Desirable housekeeping; I or far- '
nlshed rooma at reduced rates. - ¦ .' ¦ ¦:
TURK, 1150— Two- suites -front parlors .for
housekeep.: nice- location; new house; reaa.
TURK. 1218— Furnished and" housekeepta«
rooms. * • '.VT" ;
TWELFTH, Vl20^— Housekeeping rooms to
rent. ¦ . . . ', ' '
TWELFTH. 126A — Housekeeping rooms to
-r*nt." ."",'¦¦".' " '' " "~
VALENCIA.' 732 — Two sunny front rooms; «v-
¦ery convenience; call after school hours." 1
VAN NESS, 31, near Market— Nice rooms for
housekeeping!; central. and convenient. :>
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished, sunny, single-
housekeeping. room; gas range;- adults;. $9.
VAN NESS ave.. 700 — 2 sunny rooms, complete '
. for. housekeeping; $20. ....
WASHINGTON, 2907. near Devlsvierc— Two
large front rooms with alcove; furnished for
light hoisekeenlnir. Apply Sunday before 12
o'clock cr Monday.' • ~- : ¦ - .-•«:
A_>ABTMEITT HOUSES. ' '
EL DRISCO APARTMENTS. 2001 Pacific av«.;
: 4 and 5 rooms, unfurnished or furnished:
I : dlnneis will be served In the grill for the
1 accommodation of guests. ¦ -¦•
VAN NUYS, ccV- Bush and Jones sts.
New /manaxemenU fresh saint and tinting;
thoroughly renovated; 2-3-4 rcom suites.
1 GLENDORE, I 1545 - Pine; " attractive 0-room
suites*; nrlvate laundry, bath, maid's room;
I unique In design and apDOintment.
THE BF.NTON apartments, 835 Octavl* St.—
. Furnished 2-3 room sulUs; opposite beautiful :
' park. - ..-
MAYBELLE Apartments, 202 Grove — Sunny
.furnlehed 2 and 3 room suites; gas and bath.
MODERN 0-room cottage to let; rent $30. 1810
I Turk st. .
1 ALTAMOXT, SE. cr. Washington and Maaon—
I 3-room apartments, furn. and unfurn.; bath.
ST. LOUIE. 157S Jackson at.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. Tel. Eaat 1330,
I BOOMS TO I.ET— rurn. _aa T/_fnxn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115. AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: ISO rooms; 33 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS; 1 STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH, $1 60 TO $2 60 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS, 70c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
60U1H 1041.
: . . ASH WORTH HOTEL, •
320 Mason St.", bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
ltoon p wltb or. without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire house
newly renovtied: sun in rooms all day. ¦ .. . :
A— WOLF HOUSE, 8. W. eor. Sixth and
Howard — Modern apartments, single rooms,
etc. from 23c to $1; rates by ths week or
menth." ."¦-.-• ' ¦
' ;
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rooms |
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Th* Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth ft.)— Rooms.. 23c. BCc. $1. $1 SO night;
~' $1 CO to $10 week; bout* open all night.
AT Mayflower, 30S Third— Nice » rooms, - 23c,
50c, 70c, $1 night; week, $125 to $4; bath.
ALABAMA, 1— Firrnirhed room to let.
i . . i. . .1 ..I
I A FURNISHED room to -.let. Apply at 2124
¦ j Sutter st.
A SUNNY front room to let for gentleman.
- Apply 558 Folsom st.
A NEATLY ! furnished room to let. Apply
S24 Foiiom *tre«t.
' A FURNISHED room to let. Apply at 2124
( Sutter st.
1 ¦ ' ¦
; 'BARTLETT, 30GB — Four unfurnished rooms to
-let. ¦.'"••'¦' -. . ¦ .
UELMOND House, ov«-r Owl' drug store. 2 en-
trancei, 11X0 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
light*; running w«ter in ¦ every room; 200
rocma; 2Cc to Me per nlgbt: $1 25 to $3 week.
. ' BELCHER. «7— Large, tunny front room.,
j BERNICE. 28 — Suiiny furnished- room.
! BRODERICK. ¦615—2 furnished rooms." • "
j_ . .. - ./»- '
j BRYANT. 404 — Sunny furnished room.
,— — - — — : — ~ — : -„ , : — ——
! BRYANT,: 768— Furnished , room to let.
t BUCHANAN, 10C5— Sunny furnished room.
¦ . _, . .. ;
¦ BUSH, 425 — The Cheater— Rooms to let.
BUSH. 520 — Pleasant sunny rooms to let. -
BUSH, 702— Sunny rooms to let. • • :
I BUSHjsffirSieTo rent; 2 lark* -well- furnished
, i rooms: -«kQ of «as and bath. ... l • . ¦;¦; -;
BUSH.7C3 — Room to let. - " ;~-^..C'; -
j BIISH. 779 — Pleasant, nicely furnished rooms;
! ¦ sinRle or double; 'reasonable.'
; BUSH. 6'CC— Laree alcove and single room for
I - ; gentlemen with good references. - . \ -
j_ __________________ __
' EU3H. SfSr-fcarge room to let, furnished., .
j • . ' -• ¦ T" '-•:- * '. • ' -'" * " "
j BUSH,' 1584— Sunny room to let: '. ¦. •
• BUSH 1C33 — Handsomely furnished rooms to
¦^-'¦-'•¦¦•- ¦¦•¦¦-¦¦•--.¦••,:•¦¦¦,• -.
BUSH, - 2327 — Furnished comfortable rooms;
1 near car lines; reasonable. ' , ' ' :
! _ 1 1 ¦ . — ¦ - . ¦
I BUSH. 2327— Comfortable room with bath ad-
Jolnlng., : .-. .-.. '- .
CALIFORNIA, 623— Pleasant : sunny rooms to
¦-•*»*•¦• -••¦^••¦¦¦- •; v- - ¦¦'• ; ---'v-"
CALIFORNIA, 1001—2 connecting rooms, bath.
: unfurnished; also 'one, large furnished room-
' CALIFORNIA.. 1270-- Nicely furnished single
' room, to Jet.- t .. _> . .
CALIFORNIA, 1507— Furnished single rooms.
, I •:¦-.- - ' - • -.. " .' ' <• - ¦¦¦
CLARA. 25— Rooms 'to let. "•¦ \ •"'.'.
. CLARA. 77— >Hooms'or basemtnt: board for
..gentlemen; -lower-rlcor. - 1 , -.' » ¦
CLA Y, "". 1008 — A - nice : furnished front room.
Clementina; 44— na»cment to ut.
CLEMENTINA, 44— Furnished rooms to let^
CLEMENTINA, 54— Rooms to .let. ¦¦.',' , ; ! : .
CLEMENTINA, 54-^Rooms to kst. '; ' •
CI-EMENTINA," 6ft— Rooms" to rent. • Call at
11, o'clock' y -.;-. ». : - '. . ••
! CLEMENTINA. B67-Room to M. " . . %
CLEMENTINA. 57 — Fine rooms to let. ¦'¦'
CLEMENTINA,' '[ 65 %-*-Furnishe4 i room to; let.
CLEMENTINA, 422," : ; nr. • Sixth— Furniihed
".roomi.";' "*¦"' ¦¦'-'" ¦¦ " '¦*'. ¦*¦¦'' '/'¦-'-":
CLEMENTINA, , .702— On* .'. furnished , room to
¦"/let; ?4' month. .; '.'.'-"" ; ¦ ¦¦ V"'-" ¦*.-'*-"
COMFORTABLE. ': reasonable? room tot ' single
- gentleman: - reftrenees. ' ~ Box 1133,' Call.
J DEVISADERO,' 1301— Rooma to let ('•: When a man is unable to do anything
else he can worry. .
Professor Calmette- of the Pasteur
Institute /In Paris is making war/on
linen 'handkerchiefs/ which he consid
ers a" great source of infection. He sug
gests the :; use of specially constructed
wallets for Japanese paper "¦¦ handker
chiefs,- 'With ' separate , divisions for: the
new"and the used ones."_ The latter ar«
to'.be. tiurned.; . -
Advises Paper Handkerchiefs.
On the same farm In Potter County,
Pennsylvania, are -two strong: clear
springs which bubble up out of the
white sand with great force, and about
three miles distant is another spring
of like character. If a chip were
thrown. Into ."each "of these and could
float on uninterruptedly to the sea
they would reach their destination
many , thousands of miles- apart One
is the 'fountain head of the Genesee
River, which flows into Lake Ontario
and finally, reaches the sea '"at the
mouth of the Gulf of- St. Lawrence.
The other is the fountain head of the
Allegheny River, which unites at
P.itteburg with the Monongahela to
form- the Ohio and reaches the sea
at the mouth of the Mississippi. The
third is the fountain : head of Pine
Ci-eek, which flows into the "west
branch of the Susquehanna and
reaches the sea at Chesapeake Bay.
Two River Heads.
The State has realized a considerable
sum from the timber on the farm, the
lumber for the houses also being ob
tained there. The sawmill workmen
are the, white convicts. Improvement
is noted at the farm not only in the
fertile fields and the money-yielding
crops but in the condition of the sur
roundings. The houses of the camps
are neat and clean. Artesian wells fur
nish running water in every house.
Each camp ' has its vegetable garden
and food is produced in profusion.
Free labor cannot complain of com
petition from the convicts in Missis
sippi. The demand for field la"bor by
the big, private ; planters is always in
excess of the supply and there Is never
a time: when the State's use of its men
either tends to reduce wages or come
into competition with the products of
free labor. — New York Commercial.
The State- of. Mississippi's experience
as a planter is being attended with
marked success and the farm at Parch
man has rapidly increased its cotton
production. Its able management and
direction are producing results. From
the original 14,500 acres of wild land
bought by the State at $6 an acre the
officers have developed a magnificent
plantation property that would sell for
$60 an acre. Already 6000 acres of the
vast tract have been cleared and put
under cultivation and 2000 acres of new
land stands ready for the plow.
Of the 1200 convicts under sentence
by the State 700 are quartered on this
farm. They are divided Into seven
camps, a .sergeant holding authority
over each. Last year the State pro
duced 2800 bales of cotton and this year
will more than double that amount. At
the beginning of the venture the State
had a number of convicts "farmed out"
on shares with private planters. A few
of these gangs are yet in the private
fields, but they are being brought to
the general farm as rapidly as possible
and in 1905 five more camps will be
added and the entire State Penitentiary
will be practically located at Parch
man. .
Seven Hundred Convicts Employed
Thereon and Everything Works
to Satisfaction of All.
STATE OF MISSISSIPPI
v ' . RUNS LARGE FARM
The great weight of storage batteries,
which is so serious an objection to their
use on passenger cars and smaller car
riages, is an advantage on switching
locomotives, as it gives necessary ad
hesion. Such a locomotive is being
tested in the yards of the Prussian
State Railway. Among its special
merits it claims that of always being
ready and that of costing less than
steam for irregular service. The bat
tery of 200 cells is charged twice a
day from a source. of constant current
of 110 volts. The total weight of the
locomotive is 59,000 pounds, of which
22.000 pounds is the weight of the bat
tery and 9500 pounds that of the other
electric apparatus.— New York Com
mercial.
A Novel Locomotive.
Very little seems to be going forward
with concern to the origin of life itself.
The ' field, it is true, has been pretty
well cleared uj? for some new genius
who will tell us just how the living
machine is originally put • together —
that is, how the living machine arises
without the agency of another living
machine. Nobody— at least nobody dis
tinguished as a biologist— now believes
that life is. anything but a natural,
spontaneous growth or evolution or
genesis from non-living matter. We
say that ihe cell has in it the. potency
of all forms of life. May we not also
say that so-called dead matter has
within it the potency of life itself?
And, carrying the argument a step far
ther, may we not say that the so-called
elements of oxygen, hydrogen, nltro
jjen, carbon, sulphur, phosphorus and
so on, having in them the potency of
life, have also within them the potency
of consciousness?— that the difference
between man and so-cajl^d dead mat
ter is a difference not of kind, but of
quantity— that a man is highly com
plex matter, intricately combined chem
ically and Intricately arranged me
chanically?—National Magazine.
The Origin of Life.
•This flag fell to Superr-«au McCoonse
and has been handed down in his fam
ily ever since. The flag is of flannel
cloth, made after the design of the
British flag of that day. It is hand
sewed and was made by the squaws of
Tecumseh's tepee. According to the
Indian legend it was in honor of the
three Indians who volunteered to kill
Tecumseh on that day or die in the at
tempt'that the three arrows appeared
on the issues of the silver coins after
that date. — Kansas City Star.
The night before the great /battle a
council was called. A man volunteered
from each of these tribes who took a
solemn oath to kill Tecumseh the next
day. The battle followed and Tecum
seh was killed. His followers attempt
ed to take his body down the river in a
boat that night, but the three watchful
enemies were too alert and surprised
the party. They failed to secure the
body of Tecumseh, but succeeded iti
getting the flag which was wrapped
around his body. It was cut with many
bullet and arrow holes.
Perhaps there are few who know why
there are three arrow heads on a silver
dollar, or, for that' matter, that there
are only three. There is an Indian le
gend as to how they came there which
is closely associated with the flag of
the Quapaw nation, now attracting so
much attention in the Territory build
ing at the World's Fair.
This flag is the property of Joseph
McCoonse. It has been handed down
from his great-great-grandfather, Su
perneau McCoonse. The flag was the
one carried by Tecumseh in his long
campaign and was taken from. his dead
body after the battle of the Thames.
In this campaign there were allied with
General Harrison the Peorias, Kaskas
klas and Piankashas. three nations that
once helped rule Canada, New York
and a part of Pennsylvania, the frag
ments of which are now gathered in
the Quapaw nation and all told num
ber fewer than 200.
Why the Eagle Clasps Three Ar
rows In Its Claws.
Indian Tradition Which Explains
INTERESTING LEGEND
OF OUR SILVER DOLLAR
These Zanzibar apples have reached
the enormous price of $100 each. They
are not large, probably containing ten
bites at $10 a bite. The apples have to
be specially ordered, for no caterer
would ever dream of keeping them in
stock.. .. '.**.
Custard apples are another expensive
luxury. They* can be purchased at
prices ranging from 75 cents to $25
each, according to quality, and, ac
cording to those whose judgment in
such matters is considered to be ab
solutely correct, must be eaten with
pepper and salt Two of the most fash
ionable fruits in the winter months are
muscat grapes and strawberries and
until the end of January the latter are
beyond the reach of people of moderate
means.
A member of Mrs. Astor's "600" not
long since went into a well known fruit
erer's in New York and offered $250 to
the manager If he could provide enough
strawberries for five people that even
ing. The manager undertook to de
liver the fruit within seven hours and
then promptly proceeded to wire forty
different fruit gardens within thirty
miles of the metropolis for strawber
ries. Seventeen gardens provided the
required amount of strawberries, ¦ the
remaining twenty-three not being able
to produce a single one, and by 6:30
o'clock that evening the fruit was de
livered at* a cost of nearly $2 50 for
each strawberry.
There are several persons In New
York whose weekly bill for grapes at
this season runs to never less than $100.
They pay $5 a pound for the best mus
cat grapes and receive at least three
pounds a day.
The manager of a well known fruit
erer's establishment recently declared
that many people who see high priced
fruit In the window will buy it Just
to see "what it tastes like," and in this
way these "samplers," as they are
called by the trade, are a considerable
source of profit to many of the ; high
class fruiterers. These samplers will
cheerfully spend a dollar on an apple
or a pear to enjoy # the experience of
eating such a luxury. — Baltimore Sun.
Of all fruits Zanzibar apples are per
haps the rarest. Dozens of trees to
gether will only bear a few of these
apples and the time of picking them
has to be carefully selected. They must
be gathered just a month before they
would ripen, otherwise they will quick
ly spoil. . •
Rarest Product on
Earth.
The Zanzibar PYnJt Is Perhaps the
EXPENSIVE APPLES
WORTH $10 A BITE
the san francisco; call, Sunday;/ September 11, 1904.
46
ROOMS TO I.ST— Tnrn. and TTafnra.
MISSION'. 2282— Room* to Ut. .
XISS1ON. 2562— Furnished room In private
family. -
MISSION'. 27G8— To let, furnished room*.
MISSION. 276S— Famlthed room* to let.
MISSION*. 2S22— Fumlahed room*.
MOXTGOMERT. 10»— Fcrnlahoa room* to let.
XATOMA. 143 — Furnished room* to let.
NATOMA. 615— Front sunny room t* let.
2KTNTH, 1 IS— Sunny; alngrla room; runnlnr
m-ater: bath; reasonable^
OAK. 407— OonUemen only: *4 per J 1001 *'
eunny. clean, quiet; prtvate; call 0 to 7 p. m.
culy. .
OCTA\^A. 604— A beautiful, aunny. front
rooai. vrtth modern convenlenee«; one or two
renUemen. ___^ -
O'FARRELI* 133A — rtooms to let.
QTARRELL. 802— Furnished room. __
OTAKBELI* 412 — Bunny front room.
OTATIRELI*. CS1 — Fumlahed room to let.
OTARRELI*. 579— Sunny room* to let.
O*FARRELL. 797— Klce furnished room* to let.
OTARRELL, 832— Room; private family.
O'FARRELL. 128»— Furnished room; board If
desired; modern; bath: nice home.
O'FARBE1«L. 1433 — Furnished room*.
PACIFIC. 030— One front *unny room; fur-
clshed . .
PACIFIC. 1405 — Furnished room.
PAGE 28 — Single room for rent.
* , — »
PAGE, 2* — Furnished rooms. _
PAGB. 651 — Furnished room to let.
PAGE. 1630 — Parlor suite; gas grate; lavatory;
kilchen: also single rooms fur, and unfur.
PAGE. 1776— Three front unfurnished rooms.
PAGE, 1776 — Two unfurnished rooms; bath;
call mornlnr.
PERKT. 162 — Rooms to let.
PIESCEs 2S1 — Seven sunny room* and bath;
rent cheap.
FIN'E. 1006 — Furnished rooma.
PUCE. 17S3 — Newly furnished; light and sunny;
bath: phone; runninc water; reasonable.
POLK. 19 — Furnished rooms.
POLK. 317 — Nicely furnished room for two
gentlemen or couple; reasonable.
POLK. 1016 — To let, a large room with water.
POLK. 1336 — 1 larjre. front, sunny, cor. room;
housekeeping: running water; gas; bath.
POST. 507. near Mason — Nice, sunny, bay-
window room, suitable for two.
POST. 602 — Single rooms to let.
POST. SR3— Large fumisnea room, running
water; for 1 or 2 gents; references.
POST. 815 — Rooms with or without board.
POWELL. 9 — Nice eunny front room.
POWKLL. 20G — Furnished rooms to let.
POWELL. 21 fi. near O'Farrell — Sunny furnish-
ed roomi: $2 week up; 3 car lines.
POWELL. 606 — Furnished, eunny rooms.
POWELL, £06 — One single, eunny, front
room.
POWELL, 506 — Large, front room; modern;
tun ell day.
POWELL. 509— Rooms to let.
POWELL, 608 — Nicely furnished front room
for rent.
J'LEAS.VNT rooms In private family for gen-
tlemen with rood references. A. B., box
1309. Call office.
PROSPECT AV., 318— Furnished room; good
location; rear.
HAt'SCH, 78. b*-t. 7th and Sth. Howard and
— Newly furn. room' rent reasonable.
REVERE House. Third and Mission— Furnish-
ed rooms to let.
HITCH, 9 — Furnished room? to rent.
R.ITCH. 23V» — Rooir.s to let.
RUSE. 105 — Two nicely furnished rooms.
6ACRAMENTO. lOOTi — Two or three front
rooms; ur.furn'.fhed; gas; bath.
EACItAMENTO. 1012 — A neatly furnished front
hall room !*) private family.
SACRAMENTO. 211 4— Furnished room to let.
SAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor— New and modern
rafta and single rooms; ail night elevator
service.
SCOTT Ml — Nicely furnished front room to
let.
SEATTLE House. 104 Third — Furnished rooms.
FECOND. I CI— Rooms to let.
FECOND ft.. 2C5 — Rooms to let.
FECOND. 212— Room to let.
m I
SECOND. 212— One rjnny room to let. j
SEVENTH. 17S8^ (Oakland) — Furnished
roonrs.
SEVENTH Ave., 719, rear Fulton — Sunny fur-
nished room.
SHIPLEY. 234— Furnished rooms to let
SILVER. 17 — One fur«iehed room for rent.
SILVER. liOA — Sunny furnished room, suit-
able for two Kentlemen.
SIXTEENTH, 3053, near Vtlcncla— Sunny
room for gentleman; gas, bath and phone.
SIXTEENTH. 3040— Sunny rooms with or
without beard; new flat.
SMALL rocm: clean: private; references;
c-h*ap: suitable for rlngle gentleman. Box
»64. Call office.
SOi:TH PARK. lOl— Nicely furnished, sunny
room.
STEVENSON. 225 — Furnirhed room to let.
STEVENSON, 231— FurnUhed room to let.
STEVENSON. 2t9 — Furnished room to let.
STEVENSON, 620— NIe« furnished rooms; rent
cheap.
STEVENSON. C35 — Sunny furnished room, for
gentlemen.
STEVENSON. 774^ — Email furnished room to
let. .
STOCKTON, 1715 — Furnished room*.
SUTTER, 635 — Large front room*, 910 and $12
per month.
6UTTER. S2O— Large, elegantly furnished,
eunny room*.
ETJTTER. £71 B — Flna, eunny furnish ad room.
Bl'TTKH. SSI— Furntahed «unny room* to let.
SUTTER. 1103. nr. Larkln— Larjre. front, bay-
m-lndow rooms; f 12 and $14 month. •
EUTTER. 1121 — Larg«. ! well-furnished front
room; kitchen; |15 month; email bedroom |6;
phone.
EUTTER. W18— Two nicely furnished room*,
*al table for gentlemen; with board. '
tUTTTK, 2115— Furnished rooms; renUemen
FATTATAY TRAVEL.
Trala* l«*v»» and ar« d««
(°0pe%?*i SA:s FRANCISCO.
v\ ayJ irx01( JCLT "• 1ML
VJ^fry*-/ F»s*T D*r«T
\jy (root of Market Strwt.)
liit« - .MAIN LINE- -ab^tjT
7.00a VaeaTllle. Wlnwrs. Ramsey- Z-55f
7 -00a BenlcJa, Ilmlra aad Sacramanw . . 7-20*
740A Vallejo. N»pa. CaUsto**, Saaja •
Kosa. Marline*. Saa Ramon f.2p>
74»A »tles.Traey. Latarop, Stockton.... 7-20>
1.00a BBMta Express — (Via D*'**^
Williams (for Bartlett SprlnnK
• Willows, trruto. Ked Blat _'i^
Portland. T*eoma, Seattle. .... 7.8O»
¦JO» D*t1*. Woodland. Kalrhul^ndta*
MarTtTHl«.Cfltco.OroTm«r ...... 7.80*
•40a Tort Cost*. Martinet. >ntloc*.
Brros, Tracy. Btoekton. K.w-
msn. Lo* Bano*. M •¦«•/.••
Araiona. Hanford. Vlsalla.
Porterrllle..- •o""*-'i* 4tXB *
aJOAJon Costa, Modesto, Merced.
Fresno, Oosnen JnncUoB. H«a-
ford. Vlsall*. Bakerafleld ... ... *-»BP
8.30a Wile*. 8a« Jom. Ll»«more. Stock-
ton. (tMilton). I.ne, Sacrament*
MaryiTlll*. Cnlco. Be4 Bluff .... 4.2C*
84CA Oakdale. Chlneae. Jamestown. So>
nor*. Taolnmne and Aas«l* ..... J-*"*
tOOA AaanUcExpres»-Of den *n4 B*M. 8-20»
••30a Richmond. Martlne* *nd Way
Stations • ¦.BB»»
lOOOATha Overland Lhniie<» — Vgita.
Omaha, Chlcaf o. Denver. Kansas
City. St. LouU «S52.
10.00a Vallejo •-- 1i20*
10.00a Los Anirele* Pa*senf«r — Pore
Cotta. Msrttnes. Byron. Tr*«y.
Lathrop. Stockton. Mercd,
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen June-
tlon. Ilanford, Lemoore, Vuaila,
B»ker»flf!d. Lot ABfelet ....... i?'*
12.C0m Hayward. Nllei and War Stations. J-20»
t1 .00* Sacramento River Steamer*- ti 1.090
3 SOP Benlel*. Winter*. Sacramento.
Weodlsnd. Willows. Knlfkt*
Landtnr. Mary»TMa> Oro-rlll* ,....
and. way stations '*¦!!.
I*C*> Bayward. 5U«a and Way Stations.. 7JQ*
4.00** U artlae*.San Ramoa.ValleJo.Kapa,
Callatof*. Santa Roaa. f'sSi
. 4-CflP Klles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl ...... 4.20*
440P Haywart. Nile*. IrTlnfton. 8«aJ «lr?2*
Jot*. Llvermore ? ?• l.»*a
5-CQpTa* Owl Wmtud— KewBwa. L»*
** Hanoi. Mnndota. Fre»no. Tular*.
Bakerso«!d.L«*Ant'*lM — E-S 4
tS SOW Barward. Mlet aad 8>aa Jo§« ..... t-*2*
f.COPHajward. NT.eaand Saa Jos*. •.BOA
¦4Mp Xastern Express— Orden. Omaha.
CBteaco. I>*nv*r. Kansas City.
St. Louis. Tla Martina*. Stockton,
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno...... 12.8O*
t.80*> Vallejo, dally, except Sunday... . I j jtn m
7.C0* Vallejo. Sunday only .....I
7 .OOP Klchraond. San Pablo, Port Coita,
Martlaes and Way Station*...... 11.20*
7.Ct> Beno r*«aen»er— Port Co«U, sal-
»ua, Elmtra, Darin. Sacrament*.
Trnckee, Lak» Tahoe. Ben*. __-.
Tonopaa. Spark* 7-*il*
• 05pPort Costa, Martinet. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop. M • 1 • 1 1 o,
Merced, Berenda. Freano and •
Way Stations bey.ad Port Csta MzOm
¦•OS* Tatemlte Valley. Tla Berenda »nd
Wawoa* :. .H2 A
S4}5*< Martinez. Tracy. Stockton ...... 10-20*
¦4»l»> Oregon * California Bxpre**— B«*
ram en to, MarytTllle. BsddlBf.
Portland. Pnget Sound and K»»t. S-Joa
i.'tO*' Harwsrd. Xllea aad San Jots (3oa-
4ay.nly) "".. . 11-H»4
7.45a Santa CrujExcunlon<Snnday only) «-10»
8.11a Newark. Oenterrllle. S«a Jom,
r*lton,BoulderCreek.BirBa«la.
Sanu Cras and. Way Station*... •»»»
tS.18* AlTarado. Newark. San Jose.Lo*
Oato*.Glenwood. Felton. Boulder
• Creek. Bi*;Ba*ta. Saata Cras.... ••10*
12-1 8*> Newark. CenterrllU. San Jos*.
New Almaden. Lo* Gatot. Teltoa,
lonlder Creek. Santa Cru* aad
Principal Way SUUons 18-81*
4.1 B*> Kawsrk. San Jo*e. Lo* Gatot tt-8S*
4-18*» Wrlnht, Boulder Creek and Santa
Cruz. Saturday aad Sunday only. •CB8*
66 AST LI N£ <Ur««4 «iaa«*).
tr (TQIrd a» d Towaaen4 Str*eta.)
8.10a Baa Jet* aad Way Stations I1O>
, t7.00A San Jose and Way SUtion* 5-40*
7.16a Monterey and Santa Cms Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*
8 00a New Almaden (Tuet., Frld.. only). 4.10*
8 00a Th* Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo, Pas* Roble*. Santa
Margarita. San Lnlt Oblipo. Saata
Barbara, San Buenaventura,
MontalTO, Oxnard, Burbank, Lo*
Angeles . 19-43*
f-OOA Gllroy. HoIIIster. CattroTllle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf. L031-
poe 1045*
8.G0a Saa Jote. Tret Plnos.WattonTtlle.
Capltola. Santa Cruz. Paclflo
GroTe. Saltnaa. S»n Lnlt Obttpa
and Principal Way Station*. ... 4-10*
103Ca San Jote and Way Station*........ 1.20f»
1140a Santa Clara. S»n Joie. Lo» Gttot
and Way Station* 7.309
140* San Jote and Way Station* S48a
tSXOpOel Monte. Express (except San*
day) — Santa Clara, Saa Joae.
' WataonTlUe. Santa, Cruz. Del
Mont.. Monterey. Pacific GroTe. t12>1S*
8-30P Burlln*»me, San Jote. Gllmr. Hol-
lltter, Tres Plaoa.PaJaro. Watson.
Tllle. Capltola. Santa Crnz. Caa-
troTllle. Salinas, Pacific Grort... 1 3 41*
4.30pPan Joae and Way Stations t8 00a
tS 00* Bants Clara. Kan Jete. Lo* tintot,
Wright »a1 principal Way 8ta<
tlona (eice?t 8anday) t*.00a
|5-30p 6an JoaeaadPrtncipalWayStaUoaa |9-40a
6 48p Baatet Exprett. — Kedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Sallnaa.Paao Koblea.
Saa Lul* Oblipo. Santa Barbara,
Lo* Angeles. Pemlng. El Paia,
J(*w Orleans. Hew York 7.1fl*
8-4SpP«J«ro. WataonTllle. Capitol*. I .,. ™*
Saata Cm*. CaatroTlU*, Del !-*•{{•««*
Monte, Paclflc GroTe JTIIM**
14.1BP »•• M»teo.Beretford.Belmont,Saa
Carloa. R«4wood. Fair Oaks,
MenioPark. Palo Alt* tt.48*.
840* Ban Jote and Way Station*. 848a
840* P*Io Alto and Way Station* 13.1 5a
i 11.30P South SanFnnclseo. Mmbraa,Bui*
llagaae. 8aa Matao, Belaoat,
Saa Carlo*. B«4 wood. F»lr Oak*.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto f.45»
«1130*Mayn«ld. MoaaUla View. SuVny-
Tale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
»n Jote tt.4S*
Afor Morniajt. p for At Mrnooa,
T Sondav excepted. 1 Sunday aaly.
• Saturday on ly. 0 Monday only.
|&f p» at all ttatlon* on Bandar. ¦,,-.* ;¦•
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. COl
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
i RAH. WAT COMPAinr,
Tiburon Ttxzj. Toot of Xaxkrt 8tr*«t.
SAW TSAVCZSCO TO SAH KA7AXL
WEEK DATS— T:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m..
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 8:30 and 11:30
P. ..in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:0O. 8:30. ll:0O a. m., l:S0,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 8:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BATASL TO «A» TMAMCXSCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05. «:0O. 7:35, 7:60. »:30.
11:15 a, m., 12:50. t2:00. 3:40, 0:00, 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:43 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.. 1:45,
3:40. 4:S0. 5:00. 5:20. 8:25. 7:50 p. m.
tEtxcept Saturday*. ~ *•>,
L*ave I In Effect I Arriv*
San Fran. | May 1. 19O4. 1 Ban Fran.
Week [ Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Day*. I days. ( ¦ tlon. I day*. | Day*.
7:30a 7:45a 7:45 a
7:30* 8:00a 8:4Oa 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a iftttrK 1O:2O a 1O-.3O a,
2:30 p 2:3Op 8:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p .«:20p 7:23i>
8:45 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45a 7:45 a
8:00a 8:00a N'orato. 10:20a 10:2Oa
2:30 p 9:3Oa Fetaluma 6:20 p 6:2Op
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:2Sp 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Roaa. 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30 a ~ " 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p • 8:45 p 7:25 p
Wfndaor. I
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsbur*;. 10:20 a!lO:20 a'
Lytton. I
2:30 p 2:30 p GayaervtUe. T:25 pi 7:25? •
Cloverdale. - |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:25 p| 7:25 9
- j tvhjj^ j j
7 :30 a| 7 :30 a} Sherwood. | 7 :25 p| 7 :25 p
»:COa| 8:0OaTGuernevlll« and 110:20 a'lO:2o"a
2:30 pi 2:30 p. Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p> 6:20 p
. 8:00 a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p •
7:30 al 7:30a( ] 110:20 a|10:2O a
2:30 p| 2^0 p| Eebastopol. |7:25pi6:2Op
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for Whlt«
Sulphur • Springs and JJark Weat Springs;' at
Fulton for Burke" s Sanitarium: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservltlo for 'Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for tho Geyser*. Boarie-
vllle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Spring*. Soda Ray. Lakeport and Bart 1st:
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
: John- Day* *;Rlver«lde. Llerley** Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Height*. - Hullvllle. " Orr*s > Hot
Springs, Halfway House. Compteh*. Camp
Steven*.' Hopkins. Mendoctno City, Fort Brag*;.
Westport.- ITsalj .at Wttllta for Fort Bragg.
W««tport» . Sherwood. Cahto.- Coveltf. Layton-
vUI«. Cummins.. Bell's Sprlnss. Harrta. Olsens.
Dyer. GarbervlUe, Pepperwood.- Scotia * and
Eureka.
. Saturday. to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates. ...
On Sundays— Round- trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half. rate*. .
Ticket Office. 650 Market atreet, Cnronld*
buildinir. hi itin ¦"10111111 ¦¦¦]»¦ ¦iTJut
JAS.;L. FRAZ1EH. JL X. RTAJC
Geu. Kisitu. O«a raaa. AJf*. i
I CALIFORNIA f
¦ LIMITED TO CHICAGO I
f LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS I]
S at ?>:3O a. m., through. In 3 daj*,H
j| with dinw and all trapping*. . J
Other Santa T* Trains:
' ;3 ° a. m.l for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
8 -loo p! m" j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalta.
4:00 p! m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCES— 641 Market St. and
Perry Deoot, S. T. Also 1X13 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 97 South Tlxst St..
San Joao.
"ToSANRAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
?U Sausallto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San : Francisco, week day* at
6:30. 7:10, 7:45. 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11 :0O a m
(11:40 a. m. Sausallto only). 12:20. 1:45. 3-15"
4:00. .4:35. 0:15. 5:50. 6:25. 7:15. 9:00 10 : 20
11:35 p. m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 11 -Jo
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:43. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00 Vis
6:15. 5:50, 6:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20.' 11-35
p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco; week day* «-it
7:00. 7:35. 8:15. S:45. 9:35. 10:2O. 11:05* a. m
12:05. 1:25. 2:50. 3:35. 4:20. 5:05. 5:40 oTi'
ti:55. 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43. *»•{«
8:50 p. m, . • *T- *
Fcr Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:<*a. m
3:15 p. m. On Sunday* and legal holidays at
7:45. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45
m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. n». daily— Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 a.m. Sundays only— For Point Reyes,
etc. '•
3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday— For Caza-
dero. etc. - ( *".;
8:15 -p. m.,' Sunday* only — For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market st. , .
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Market *t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lf*t/« . Tit fcuitite ftrrjl .• .. . Antra
/Ban Kraudico fxt >f larktt It. San Franc!**.
' Wa»k 8«n- ¦.: «-»3HBL - 8nt»- W«k'
Day*, days. days. Day*.
B 30 a SSraggH 12;«5 r ; ~&4.1
..10:00a pBMCWKi 2:0SpMI:0S«.
10:00 a. 11:00 a vfAKSSr *:35 p 3:35 r
t:4Sr 12:20 r MOr sill*
1:11 r l;4ip S:18r I (Mi 1
•TiaCrMftf'lar. TaiTath u lTMtfiq*
Ticxrt t«3» MAKKcrBt. <K«fth Ooore RallroSdl
Omni land BACiAXiro fxaxT. loot lUzfcjt Qt
BOOMS TO IiET— ronu and tTnfnra.
SUTTER, 21S5— Furnished room: gentleman
only.
SUTTER. 2802— Furnished room to It.
SUNNY room wanted at 125 Langton st. p
TAYLOR. 122— Furnished room*.
TAYLOR, 240— Fuml«hed room.
TAYLOR, 24J— Furnished room*: minny.
TAYLOR. 708— Newly furnished front room to
let. __
TEHAMA. 150A— Furnished room to tot.
TEHAMA, 150— Furnished room to let.
TEHAMA. 153 — Rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 156— Furnished room*.
TEHAMA. 157— Room* to let.
TEHAMA. 163 — Furnished room*.
TEHAMA. 168— Rooms- to let.
TENTH. 12S— Furnished room* to Ut. **
THE CHESTER, Bush, 425— Furnished rooms
to let. i?
THE COSMOPOLITAN— 100 Fifth, furnished
rooms to let.
THIRD, 75— Furnished rooma.
THIRD. 78 — Furnished rooms. ¦ "
THIRD. $7 — Furnished rooma.
THIRD. 106^ — Furnished room* to let.
i THIRD, 147— Furnished room* to let.
THIRD, 156 — Nice, sunny rooms.
THIRD. 220 — Furnished room* to let.
THIRD, 322 — Eunny front room; 98.
I zzzi
THIRD, 844%— Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 251— Room* to let.
THIRTEENTH, 238 — Nice, sunny, front room;
running water; bath; overlooking garden; $7.
THE Larchmont, .361 Butter— New brick
building, finely furnished; hot and cold
water, steam heat, privilege to baths; $3 to
f B yweek.
TO let — Bay-window room In the warm, belt
of the Mission. Box 1367. Call office. «
TREMONT. 816^4— Furnished rooma to lat.
TURK, near Flllmore — A widow lady, with :
cozy, sunny flat, wishes an honest lady to
share the same; or mother and daughter;
cheap. Address box 1601. Call office.
TURK, 825— Single and double room*.
TURK, 605 — Front furnished room to let.
TURK. 816—3 single rooms nicely furnished
for gentlemen. f
TURK, 825— Room* to rent.
TURK. 827 — Rooms to rent.
TURK, 1159 — Nice. furnished rooms; new
house; select neighborhood.
TWELFTH, 145 — Suite* of 2 and 8 rooma for
housekeeping.
TWEXTY-FOURTH. 4126— Furnished rooms
to let. ' •
TWENTY-FIFTH, 4TKEI — Unfurnished room*.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— $5; gent'* furnished
room: between 3 lines of cars.
TWO furnished front room* to let. Box 1346,
Call office. '
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, 35c to SI night. SI 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage.
VALENCIA. 623 — Furnished room*.
VALENCIA. 1025 — Nice furnished room.
VAN NESS ave., 312 — Housekeeping rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; also single room,
furnished; reasonable.
VAN NESS, 300 — Furnished rooms.
VAN NEES ave., 1021 — Nicely furnished
rooms. ¦
VAN NESS 1103 — 2 nicely furnished rooms to
let. ' -__
WALTER, 93— Sunny front room suitable for
one or two: S6 per month.
WASHINGTON ave.. 5 — Furnished room* to
. let-
WASHINGTON. 11^4— Furnished room* to let.
WASHINGTON. 704 — Furnished rooms to let.
WASHINGTON, 92S — Furnished room.
WEBSTER. 1352, near O'Farrcll— Furnished
front room to let.
WEBSTER, 1S26— Rooms to let.
WEBSTER. 1K14 — Furnished rooms.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d *t.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggagt. .
ZOE, 25—3 rooms to let.
ZOE. 44— Rooms to ltt. '¦
I EOOMSj&Jn> BOARD.
! VALLEJO. 1130, cor. Leaven worth, 1 block to
Hyde-st. car — Newly furnished, sunny front
rooms; running water; excellent home cook-
Ing: yard; laundry; phone; private family;
young couple preferred: reasonable. ~ -
CALIFORNIA, 819— Handsome parlor suite,
with piano; private house; to husband end
wife; board If desired: owner only; refs.
COMFORTABLE, sociable, moderate home for
gentleman; 20 minutes to electric cars; good
board. Box 1187. Call.
ROOMS and board; very reasonable; private
house; suitable for two gentlemen; refer-
ences; excellent table. 1263 Octavia st.
YOUNG man of rrood habits wishes room and
board In private family: two meals; state
rates. Box 1373, Call office.
AN inexpensive, sociable home In Mission, nr.
Market, for gentleman; good board. Box
1621, Call office.
NICE, sunny, furnished rooms, with or with-
out board; all accommodations. 1U33 Golden
Gate ave.
EDDY. 1128, opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.; new manag.
EIGHTH ave.. 674 — 2 eunny bay-window and
single rooms, with breakfast; near Park;
Eddy-st. cars. ¦ s
ELLIS, 453 — Fine suite, suitable for family or
four gentlemen; French table board; reas.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board and room,
single or double. S5-S6 wk.; American family.
LARGE, sunny room and board, $5 week. 823
First st. ,
MASON. 616A, nr. gutter — Sunny room and
board In Drivat* family.
O'FARRELL. 810 — Eunny large furn. room,
wltta good board and run. water; reasonable.
ROOMS and board to let. HOTEL MARCH-
IONESS. 160 Golden Gat* ave.
ROOMS with board; all location*. Phon* Clay
836. .¦¦••.¦¦--..;. •>-¦¦ -¦ •:
Btevenaon Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
807 California— See rooms, learn prices, try table
TURK, 11«1— Room* with board. < , '
CHEAPEST aad best In America— Th* Weekly
Call, 16 page*, . sent to . any ; address in ¦ the
United State* or Canada one ¦ year for SI.
BOOM-Binrrorp AQzycT.
Have you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 99tf.
BOOMS AHB BO AMD WAHTH).
ROOMS and board wanted in private family
by widow and grown son; few stairs; West-
. era Addition. F. A. HSALY. 803 California.
BOARD * and room by mechanic la Spanish-
¦peaklng family, near Market st. Box 1625,
Call office.
TOUNO man wishes board and room with prl-
vate family; term* moderate. Box 1413, Call.
BT middle-aged man. In Jewish family, room
and board wanted. Box 1237. Call office.
SarW^CKOMACHIgES ACT STTFP1J3GS.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? We will
trade you a new one. for it. Visit the new
retail office of the White Company, 915 Mar-
ket st.. and see the great collection of ma-
china art work now on exhibition; 1000 new
. Whites for rent; best machines on earth. .
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
1* cheapest; second-hand all make* at any
trice; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
lie office, 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the best second-hand machine;
all kinds, $3, $5, $8; guaranteed; where the
doils swing In the window. 1081 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MON-
DAY, September 26. 1904, at 9 a. m., at the
office of thi' association. Point Loboe ave.,
for the election of four trustees, etc. By or-
der of the Board of Trustees. !
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
LADIES' vaginal syringes; latest improved;
don't pay $5: with book, by mall, plain wrap-
per, only $1 50; cleanses instantly; force and
suction: soft rubber; no hard parts. MRS.
J. M. BROWN, room 40. 916 Market St.. S.F.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse, G. G. and Van
Nees; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third ; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storace Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
' furniture moved, packed, shipped and *tored.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson £81.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — The Weekly Call,
. 18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, f 1 per year.
TTFE WBITEKS AHP STJPPIiIISa.
AN exceptionally good No. 2. Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th*
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California *t.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
VTAYI.
A WAY TO HEALTH— Home treatment for
mothers and daughters. An electrical and
mechanical engineer writes: "My wife suf-
fered with womb, kidney and bladder trouble
and Indigestion for three- years. She was
treated by physicians' without relief at an
expense of several hundred dollars. She be-
came a comDlete invalid; confined to bed
seven months. I tried' almost all the rem-
. edles I could hear of; found no relief until
with the use of Viavl 6he began to Improve;
In three months' time was shopping and is
, now restored to good health. I believe it to
be the greatest remedy on earth. In writing
this to you I have no other interest than to
express my heartfelt thanks to Viavl. It is
my honest Judgment that when used accord-
ing lo directions and for a reasonable length
of time. Viavl is the greatest blessing to
sufferers." Booklet containing Information
free to thoee calling or writing for it. VIA VI
CO.. 2304 Van Ness ave.. San Francisco.
STTTTTEBIHO ATO STAMMEBIgrG^
M^L^B^^RNE^Tnstltute. Van Ness and Market.
cures; estab. In S.F. 4 yra. Hours 1 to 5 p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licences were Issued
yesterday:
Charles L. Thompeon. 21. 2020 Taylor street,
and Gertrude C. Boynton. 21, 214 Frederick st.
Joseph J. Lyness. 36. 502 Twentieth street,
and Mary Taube. 27. city. .
George V. Vincent. 28. 868 Unicn street,
and Alice Palunco. 23 1005 Powell street.
Emanuel V. Williams, 32, Vallejo. and Ann
Glynn, 26, Vallejo.
Manuel S. Benton. 25, 2 Hyde place, and
Mayble Louis, 18. city.
Manoel S. Bello. 25 C3 Jackson street, and
Maria M Brazil. 25, 65 Jackson street.
Frank G. Graham, 26, Petaluma, and Susan
Walsh 22 13C9 Stelner street. "
Matti Johanson. 45. Rocklln, and Eunika S.
Hakklla, 31. Rocklln.
William H. Toll. 21, Sacramento, and Caro-
line M. Estes, 18, 1320 California street.
Charles S. MlUlgan. 21. Tucson. Ariz., and
Clara O'Brien 18. 429 Waller street.
Fay L .Hollister 34, 647 Castro street, and
Rose Petrle, 24. 547 Castro street.
Harry E. Smith, 39. 417 Kearny street, and
Rosa R. Kelley. 33, Fulton.
Ray L. Hursh 21. 1001A Guerrero *treet,
and M Clara Tlvnen, 18. SCO Dolores street.
Samuel L. Smith. 45, 615 Turk street, and
211a McClendon. 46, 615 Turk street.
Edward L. Kline 25. 578 Ellis street, and
Maude E. Julian. 22. &78 Ellis street. \
Frederick E; Muller. 21. 214 Hyde street.
and Kate A. Courlg. 18, 1212 Broderick street.
blRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATfla
Birth marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and . residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In thla column
free of charge.
BOR.V.
BABKIRK— In this city. September 3. 1904. , to
the wife of David T. Babkirk, a son.
CRONIN— In Benicla September 0, 1904, to
the wife of John R. Cronln. a daughter.
DARIUS— In thte city September 9. 1904, to
the wife of J. Octave Darius, a daughter.
DESMOND— In this city. September 1. 1904,
to the wife of T. Desmond, a spn. a . •
HAGER — In Berkeley. August 26, 1004, to the
wife of A. J. Hager. a- daughter.
HORTON— In this city, August 30. 1904. to
the wife of Charles C. Horton, a daughter. .
MENDELSOHN— In this city, September 8.
1904 to the wife of Louis M. Mendelsohn
of Hanford, Cal., a son. -.
PICKETT — In this city. September 4. 1904, to
the wife ot R. A. I'ickett, a daughter.
ROSS — In this city. September 4. 1904, to the
wife of John II. Ross (nee Mulvihill, a son.
SMITH— In this city, to the wife of George
J. Smith, a daughter.
, STRIEGEL— In this city. August 24. 1904. to
the wife of H. F. Striegel, a daughter.
THOM-WOHRDEN — In this city. September
8, 1904. to the wife of Henry A., thorn Wohr-
den. a son. ¦ .
~~. MARRIED.'-
BACHLER— KLEIN— In this city. September
8, 1904. by the Rev. J. J. Fuendellng. Fred-
erick R. Bachler of Alvarado. Cal., and Ger.
trude Klein of Dresden." Germany.
BERRARD — HOULE-^In this city, September
8 1904. by the Rev. George W. White, pas-
tor of Central M. ~E. Church. Henry Berrard
and Josephine Houle, both of San Francisco.
COVE— STYLES— In this city., September 7.
10C4. by the Rev. George AV. White, pastor
of Central M E. Church, Harry Cove and
Mae' Bradford Styles, both of San Fran-
cisco, f v; .¦¦;-'
DE LANGTON— LUNDBERG— In this city.
September 9. 1904. by the Rev.- Dr. E. Ne-
lander, pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church, George II. de Langton and Olga
Lundbcrg, both of this city. -
DE WITT— BARNES— In Toronto. Canada,
August 17. 1904, by the Rev. Thomas Dob-
son. Frederic M. De Witt and Margaret M.
Barnes.
FOSTER— FIFE— In this city. September 7.
1904, by the Rev. W. M. Rellly rector of
St. Paul's Church. Lawrence E. Foster and
Violet I. Fife, both of San Francisco.
GALLE— SMITH— In this city, September 8,
1904. by the Rev. J. J. Fuendellng George
Galle and Sadie Smith.
LORENZEN— BOHN— In this city. September
9, 1004. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Justus
Lorenzen and Minna Bohn. -
McCANN— PIXLEY— In this. city. September
4. 1904. by the Rev. W. <M. Rellly ¦ rector of
St. Paul's Church, Franci* H. McCann and
Llda B. Pixley. both of ; San « Francisco.
MOHRMANN— HEITMANN— In this city. Sep-
tember 8, 1904. by the Rev. J. .J.' Fuendellng,
Frederick A. Mobrmann and ; Anna Marie
Heltmann. ... - — .
SCHOER— PIXLEY— In this city September
8. 1904. by the Rev. J. J. Fuendellng, George
A. Schoer of Wells. Nev., and: Lottie Pixley
of Elko. Nev. , •¦.¦ .-;
DIED. (
Andrew* Margaret ' . Jordan. Frank
Bailey. Sheppard O. > Klnney. Elizabeth
Burger. William H.\ . Lee.< Frank P.
Bush, Margaret ' I^ochhead. Robert *
Charles. Josephine Martinclch. Frank • '
Deal. Sarah J. Mohr. Arthur
Easter. ' Elizabeth •, •¦ Mullln Thomas J. ¦
- Klynn. Patrick - O'Brien. M. L. O. ..V ,
-the late A»mee Peterson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 11, at 8:30 a. m., from his late
residence. 22 Bernard *treet, between Taylor
:and Jones, thence '.to French Church (Notre
Dame des Victoires) for services at 9:30
.a. m. Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHEMESTER— In this city, September 10.
, 1004, Walter B., beloved husband of Kate
Phemester. and father of Walter T.. Frank-
lin J., Evelyn. Bert, Clara ' and Gordon
Phemester, a native of Kansas, aged 41 years
4 month* and . 1 day. A member of San
Francisco Aerie No. 5 F O. E.; Altahmos
Tribe No. 87. Imp. 6. R. M.. and the
Knights of the • Royal Arch, San Francisco
No. 2.- £. ¦'¦ -. • ¦
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden
Gate avenue.
RODDA— In this city. September 8. 1904. John
Henry, beloved brother of Joseph Rodda of
Somervllle, Contra Coeta County, Cal.. a na-
* tive of England, aged 71 years.
RUPERT— In this city, September 9. 1904.
Fredrick J., beloved infant son of John F.
and Margaret Rupert, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 • year 2 months and 6 days.
SEIBEL— In San Rafael, September 9, 1904.
Philip Selbel. beloved husband of Julia
S*ibel, father of Louis, Fred . and Philip
Selbel and Mrs. J. Casmann, brother of Mrs.
H. Ramm of Seattle and Mrs. J. Wessa. and
grandfather of Louisa Casmann, a native of
Germany, aged 60 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend his funeral Monday,
, September 12, at 1:30 p. m., from his lat«
residence. San Rafael, thence to I. O. O. F.
Hall. Fourth and D street*, where services
will.be held. Interment Mount Tamalpals
Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
BERGHOFER— We herewith desire to extend
our heartfelt thanks to San Francisco Lodge
No. 3. U. A. O. D., California Stamm. U.
O. R. M.. and to the many kind friends and
neighbors who by their tender and comfort-
ing sympathy and beautiful floral offerings
helped to lighten the bitter sorrow lately
¦ suffered in the loss of our dear father and
grandfather, Conrad Berghofer.
MRS. DAVID SCHONFELD and Family.
MRS. OTTO BURMEISTER and Family.
Frank. Minnie ' Peterson. Frank B. .
' " Goodwin, Mary W. Phemester, Walter B.
Hanavan. Bridget Rodda. John H.'
Handley, Frank R. Rupert, Frederick J.
Hopkins,. Harry "Selbel, Philip ,'
Hull. John V. , ...
ANDREWS— In Alameda, September 9. 1804,
-Margaret Andrews,- wife of James Andrews,
and aunt of Mrs. Annie Dunn of Alameda
and Mr*. Bessie Hutchlnson of High street,
¦. a native of Belfast, Ireland, aged 68 year*.
CyFriends apd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, SeDtember 11, at 2 c m., at the
residence of James Dunn 1511 Park street,
Alameda. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery- '
BAILET— In this city. September 10. 1904,
Sheppard O. Bailey beloved husband of An-
nie A. Bailey and brother of Ben -Bailey,
a native of Maine, aged 6S years. (Boston
papers please copy'.) . .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from his late c resi-
dence, 1010 Persia avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetep'. ..
BURGER— In' this clty^ September 7, 1904.
William H. Burger, a native of Connecticut.
A jiiember of Enterprise Lodge No. 1S1, K.
of P., of Denver, Colo. .
|E7"Friends and acquaintances and brother
Knights are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services to-day (Sunday).N at 10
a. m.. at the mortuary chapel of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission
street, near Twenty-first. Funeral under the
auspices of K, of P. Bureau of Relief. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
BUSH— In this city. September 10, 1904, Mar-
garet, beloved. wife of the late John Bush,
and loving mother of Frank. William. Jo-
seph, John and George Bush, a native of
City of Cork, Ireland, aged 67 years.
{[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
September 12. 1SMM. at 8:30 a. m., from her
late residence, 837 Capp street. . • between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
high macs will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a., nf. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHARLES— In Whlttler. Los Angeles County,"
September 8, 1004, Josephine Charles, beloved
wife of Andrew Charles, and beloved mother
of Mrs. Georgie Mitchell. Mrs. Fred A. Haz-
zard and John C. Charles, a native of Nor-
way. (Virginia City papers please copy.)
(C7FrIenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from the funeral par-
lors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DEAL— In this city. September 10-1904. Sarah
Jane, beloved wife of the late Captain Sam-
uel Deal, and devoted mother of Wilson,
Samuel and the late Harry Deal, a native oC
Pittsburg, Pa., aged 79 years 6 month* and
4 days.
CTrFrlcnds and acoualntances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-morrow (Monday), at 3 p. m., at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Sacramento, Cal.
EASTER— In this city, September 10. 1904,
Elizabeth Easter, beloved mother of George,
John, Sherman. Gennette May and -Laure
Easter, a native of Hyde Park, • England,
aged 78 years 7 months and 4 days. (Oak-
land paper* please copy.)
FLYNN— In this city. September 9 1904, Pat-
rick Flynn. a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 40 years. -
(Wl-'rU-nils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:15 p. m., from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co. 767 'Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 12:30 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FRANK— In thl* city, September 8. 1904,
Minnie Frank, beloved wife of Charles
• Frank, and mother of Xorma I and Reby
Frank, a native of Canada, aged 30 years
and 9 months. ¦ •
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 11. at 9:30 a, m., from her late
residence. 18B Cumberland atreet, oft Guer-
rero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 10 a. m.
GOODWIN— In this city, September 9. 1904;
Mary W.. wife of the late Jesse O. Good-
win, a native of New York, aged 56 years.
HANAVAN — Anniversary high mas* will be
celebrated for the repose of 'the soul of
Bridget Hanavan. at St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, corner of Eighteenth and Shocwell
etreets. at 9 a. m. Monday. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend. ,
HANDLEY— In this city. September 9. 1004.
Frank Raymond Handlcy. beloVed husband
of Laura J. Hahdley, father of the late
Raymond Handley. and son : of C. J. and
Mina Handley. a native of McMlnnville Or.
aged Z\) years 11 months and 7 days. - A
member of Fair Oaks Camp No. 15, Sons of
Veterans. . : >
EyKrienrtB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 p. m., from the family resi-
dence. 806 Shrader street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by carriage.
HOPKINS— in this city, SeDtember 7, 1904.
Harry Hopkins, a native of Indiana, aged
40 years. A member of the Walter* Union.
Local No. 30. ' . ¦'¦•-. - -
E7"FrIondrf ar.«2 acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 11, at 3 p. m., from the funeral
parlors of Porter ' & White, '423 Golden' Gate
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HULL— In Oakland. September 10. 1904, John,
beloved husband of Ada - F." Hull, a na-
tive of Greggsvllle. Livingston County. New
v York. •
t7Fri?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to services at A. Brown's un-
dertaking parlors. Odd Fellows' building,
corner of Shattuck avenue and Addison
street, Berkeley, at 2 p. m. Monday. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
JORDAN — Frank, beloved son of Mamie and
the late Frank Jordan, and beloved brother
of Viola and Tommie Jordan, a native of
- California, aged 8 years.
KINNEY— In this city. September 8. 1904,
Elizabeth, widow of the ¦ late William J.
Klnney. and dearly beloved mother of Annie
K. Lyons and Lillie M.. Edward F. and
William J. Klnney. a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 70 years 4 months and
28 days. ...
(ETTnonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
September 12, at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 50!) H Hyde street, thence to St.
Mary'a Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery..
LEE— In this city. September 9 1904. Frank
P., beloved husband of Frances L. Lee,
father of Oscar C. Lee, and brother of Es-
telle MIntonye of Osceola. Iowa, and George
H. Lee of Washington. Iowa, a native of
Kalamazoo. Mich., aged 47 years 11 months
and 24 days. ; (Mount Pleasant Journal, Iowa,
Monroe Mirror. Iowa, and Mound City, Kan-
sas, papers please copy.) - -
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, September 11, 1904, st 2:30 p. m.,
at the family residence. 362 Vernon street.
Cremation private. - ,
LOCHHEAD— In this city. September 8, 1004.
' Robert Lochhead, beloved son of the late
John and Christina Lochheaa, and brother
of Christina Williams. John Lochhead, Mary
Galll and Jessie Fleishman, a native of Saa
Francisco, aged 40 years.
(C7*Frlcnd« and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 8:30 a. m., from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MART1NCICH— In this city, rieotember 9.
1904, Frank, dearly beloved son of Frank and
Sabina Martinclch. and brother of Matilda
Martlncich, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month and 18 day*.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place on
Sunday. September 11, at 10 a. m., irom his
parents' residence, D23y a Pacific street. In-
terment Italian Cemetery. -
MOHR— In this ¦ city, September 8, 1904,
Arthur, dearly beloved and only child of
Allle and the late J. Henry Mohr, and be-
loved grandson of Henry and Susie Steffens,
a native of Ukiah, Cal.. aged 1 year 1
month and 5 days. . - ...
ICTFuneral private.
MULLIN — In this city, September 10 ~1004
Thomas J.. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Mullin. and father of Thomas J. Mullln a
native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aeed
C5 years. .
JO-The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & ; Co.. 767 Mission street
thence to St. Jam^s Church, where mass will
. be celebrated for the re^se of his . soul at
9 a. m. Interment private.
O'BRIEN— At Soldiers' Home.' Napa Septem:
ber 9. 1904. M. L. G.. beloved husband of
.Mary A. O'Brien, a native of Ireland . a«d
60 years 11 months and 14 days. ' r
PETERSON— la this city, September* 9, 1004
. Frank B. Peterson, dearly beloved eon of the
late Marie and Frank Peterson; and beloved
brother of Em lie. Louis and Henry Peterson
• ¦ and Mra. J. Burns, and uncle of. Frank and
HENRY J. CALLACHE < CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagherj.
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. " Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.-, * 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
' " ¦ ¦ Teltphone South. 80. • • .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
; —Funeral Directors and Embalmers-. .
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.:'
NOW at 868 MISSION. Tel South 167.
Between Fourth ; and Fifth, near Fifth ¦ at. '
1 - Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*. •
Jame* McGinn. • . Henry -. Hansen.
JAMES McGINN A CO.,--
Formerly • With McGinn Bro*.
Funeral Directors ¦ and Embalmer*-^-:
|___^lgl4_Eddy st." Tel South 676. > - ;l
F.'; J. Monahan. Manager. \-'' i TM: Mission ' 3L
MONAHAN. O'HARM CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.'
2U39-2341 Mission St.. . near Nineteenth, ¦¦—--
San Francisco.CHICAGO, Sent.' 10.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the . butter market was easy.
Creajrerten. 14@10c;. dairies,. 12ft016c; . eggs
flnn^ 14ft@17e; clieese, firm, S@Oc.
Butter/iCheese and Eggs.
.Trade In fresh fruits was of ' much smaller
volume than previously, as a result of the de
parture of large numbers of conclave visitors
from : the city.' Buying - for regular local ac
count was active, as usual on Eaturday. but
prices of 'several descriptions, particularly
Plums, i Peaches and Grapes, were lower, and
In the afternoon buyers were, able. to fill their
wants at reduced rate*. " AT>nie*. which bad
previously been firm, were In large and in
creasing' supply and sellers were willing to
make concessions ; to large . buyers. ", Only the
fanciest I Bellflowers and Gravenstelns I brought
the top quotation of $1 50 per box.- The'mar
ket was slenderly supplied .with "Berries" dur
ing the early trade ¦ and available supplies
cleaned up quickly at higher, rates. The Berry
train from -Watsonvllle did not arrive until a
late hour and the • bulk of the day's receipts
had to be held ¦ over. ; Figs were ¦ In excessive
supply -and' very -dull, and Pomegranates and
Quinces sold < slowly at easier rates. i« Water
melons . continued active and firm- and fif-shly
arrived lots of Cantaloupes and Nutmeg aiel-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW. YORK, Sept. 10. — Close: Money on
call, nominal, no loans. Time loans, • un
: cbar.ired. .
Prime mercantile paper — 3%@4ft per cent.
Sterling exchange — Steady.- with' actual busi
. ness in bankers' bill* at $4.67.0594.87.10 ' for
demand and at $484.50^.84.60 for sixty-day
Ported rates— $4.B5ft and '$.4.88.
Commercial bills— $4.84^i.
Ear silver — OOSe.
Mexican dollar* — 15Vie.
Bonds — Governments, .steady; railroads, firm.
Nczv York Stocks.
E. T. Hut? en & Co.. 490 California street.
Fan Francieeo. members of the New York
Stock Exvhanxe. furnish the following official
Quotaticns- of That Exchange:
f ales. Stock* — High Low. Bid. Ask.
....... Adams Express 235 240
12,600 Amalff Copper. .. 19% 59% 09% 59ft
Am Can Co 4«J 4%
I Do pfd.... 46 47
*.;*^;A!n Car & F Co. 23% 21 23ft 23%
2.10".- V-o pfd 82% 80ft 80ft 61
SOU! Am Cctton Oil... 32ft 32>i 32>i S3
1 Do pfd 90 9t
lOOjAm DIstTel..... 23 23 2.1 30
... Am Ex 210 214
Am Grass T Co 5ft 8%
Am UIK ft U.i 4% 4ft
Do pfd 20 20ft
SOOAmlec.. «H 6H OS 0%
100 Do pfd 26% 26% 26^1 27
Am Linseed 12 14ft
Do pfd........ 31 S5ft
25.000 Am Looomotrre. 25 22«4 21% *4ft
900 Do pfd........ 63% 02 • B3ft 85
Am, Malt.... r. 4 . 4ft
.Do pfd 13 21 .
1.700 Am Bmlt A R Co OS 67% 67% C8. .
700 Do pfd 109 108% 108 J, 109
13.40O(Am Sugar 132% 131% 132 IMft
Do pfd 133 140
SCOlAra Tel A Tel to 110 « 139% 140 141
Am. Tob pfd...., 143 150,
Am Woolen '• 13ft 14
....%.« Do. pfd Z flU |2
400 Anaconda 84 66
....... Ann, Arbor .-•• 28 20
Do pfd. ; «. 67 60
17.200 A, T A ST..... I 83Hr82%l 82T4I S3
CHICAGO, EeDt. lO.-^Cash quotations wero
as follows: Flour steady. No. 2 uprlns
wheat. $1 11%: No. 3, $1 02@l 03; No. 2 red.
$1 CSft@l'09U: No. 2 corn, 52%c; No. 2 yel
low, 64c: No. 2 Oats'31ftc; No. 2 "white,
32>H<»33%c; No. 3 white, 31©32fte; No. 2 rye.
71VjK72c;'»rpo<l feedi'iK barley. 37«ftS>4c: fair
to c'-.tice molting:, 14@51c; No. 1 Flaxseed.
$1 191.A: -.No. 1 Northwestern, $1 27ft: mesa
pork -per bbl. $10 S7ft!ffill; lard, per 100 lbs,
S7<g7" 02ft: ehcrt ribs sides. loose. $7 37 1 /}@7 f 43;
short clenr- Rides, boxed. $.S 25©S 50; whUky,
basis .-of 'high vines, 51 28; clover, contract
gulJe, $11 i;eU ; D0. ,
Articles-r -:••¦¦ • Receipts; Shipments.
Flour barrels 1S,«O<> ir>,(XX>
Wheat, bushels....;.-...-. 178.000 : . 82,200
Corn, bushels 7S7.U0O 1,00(1.500
Oats bufhels 284.700 ; 87,800
Rye. bushels : 10.SOO ; 23.000
Barley.. bushels ...;...'...'.. 81,300 "0,300
Cash Grain and Provisions.
New York Money Market.
Quotations for Eggs remain as before. Most
dealers report the market slower, as the con
sumption- is falling off with the conclusion- of
the Templar celebration and. the departure of
the. thousands of visitors from town.
The receipts below are for forty-eight hours.
Receipts were 27.500 lbs Butter. 905 cases
Eggs and 75,200- lbs Cheese.
; BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 25>,4©
2CHc for extras and 24325c for firsts;, dairy,
19&22ftc; etore Butter. lo@18c; Eastern cream
ery. 10"«a«j2Oc; Eastern ladle-packed, 14915ftc
per lb.
i CHEESE — 9©9.ftc for choice mild new and
8(§8ftc for lower gTades; Young Americas, 11«?
llftc; Oregon. 8810c: Eastern, 10@15c per, lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 34@35c for large white se
lected. 32ft@33% c for choice and 30@32c for
common; cold storage. 27@2Sc; store. 25@27c;
Eastern 23@27c for, first!. 21@23c for seconds
and 20®21c ¦ for bakers'.
Cheese is still in a most unsatisfactory con
dition, the market, being; largely overstocked,
with a poor demand.-
The Butter market showed- no material
change yesterday. Some dealers reported
more activity in trade, which cleaned them
up of fine goods, while others reported the
market still dull. Owing - to the recent hot
wave strictly hard sweet Butter is none too
plentiful, and soft goods are still coming In.
With cooler weather the maTket will probably
get back to its normal condition, in a day
or two. .-'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
Local Bank Clearings for the week just
ended compared with the corresponding week
of last year show a. decrease of $1,204,420,
beinic $22..V>9.4SO. against $23,763,900 in 1903.
Tli? clearings for the same week in 1902
were $20,437,908.
Bank Clearings.
The following stocks were ex-drvidend yes
terday: California Wine AtKoclatlon. a reg
ular monthly of 60 cents; the Giant Powder
Company Consolidated, a regular monthly of
50 cents; Monte Crl.no Oil Company, lc per
share, amounting to S5CCO.
Dividends.
"The article has been In better demand.
mainly confined, however, to values below 10c.
Our statistical position. remains practically un
changed, arrivals having been about equal to
consumption. We note a sharp advance Jn
the price of unwashed Salvador, due to scar
city and concentration of stocks in first hands,
but otherwise farmer quotations , are renewed —
largely nominal for the better grades' which
are still slow of sale.- 1
"Numerous cables received from Brazil dur
ing August, reporting more or less damage to
the growing . crop by froct. led -to a renewal
of Interest' In ''both' actual* coffee and future?.
A heavy business 'was done on the New Tork
Exchange ' at rising prices, the advance 'bemg
*;c for the month. ' Part of the Improvement
has been lost this week due .to the increase in
visible supply of- 912,0CO-bags; making the.to
tal, world's' visible September . 1, *• 13,492, m.-
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c;.- Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). : Confectioners'
A. 6c; Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c;
Golden C, 5.40c: *'D," 5..t0c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 60c more; 60-lb
bags. 10c more for all kinds. ..Tablets — Half
barrels.. 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 9c per lb. No orders taken for less
than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent
, COFFEE: — C. : E. Blckford's circular', gives
the receipts at. this port thus far this year at
188.U13 bags, against 231.177 during the same
time last year. The sales from first hands
were 153.525 bags, against 180,793. The stock
In first hands September 1 .was '49.131 .bags,
agalnat 75,441 last year. The world's ylslble
supply September 1 was 13,492,000 . bags,
against 13.14S.C00 last year. The circular says:
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 101J1 12; Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases,
65i@S0c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. In barrels.
6Sc for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 7. r .c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c:
pure Neatsfoot Oil. ,73c r No. 1 Neatsfoot OH.
C3c: light Herring Oil 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c: Salmon Oil 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Faint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases, 19ftc: Astral. 19ftc;
Star. lOftc; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine.. 26c; Eo
cene 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk.
16c; in cases. 22ftc; - Benzine.- in bulk. 13c: In
cases. 19ftc; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 25c;
in cases. 31c.
. TURPENTINE— Sic. per gallon In cases and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.*
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 1KQ
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7U07%c, according
to quantity. •.'-.. - .
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
lington, $3: Seattle. $4 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50: Cumberland. $13 In
bulk and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton;
Coke, $11 50013 per ton in bulk and $15 In
sacks. Rocky Mountain descriptions. $3 50 per
short ton.
BAGS — Grain Bags $5 13® 3 25: San Quen
tin $4 75; Wool Bags. 30632c; Fleece Twine.
7ftc; Fruit Bags. 6ft@7ftc for white and 7o
for brown Jute.
General Merchandise.
Trade In Poultry was quiet and the mar
ket closed weak, with quite a quantity of
stock that had accumulated during the recent
hot epell still on hand. The surplus consisted
chiefly of small chickens, large fowls having
been cleaned up by the extra demand for tha
Jewish holidays. Receipts for the w«ek were
unusually heavy and Included five carloads
of Western. Arrivals of Game were light and
more than half came to hand In bad condition
and had to. ' be ' sold below the quotations or
thrown awl&. Only sound Game is quoted.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. l.*.@18c per lb
for old and 22@24c tor young; Gee«e.
per pair, •¦ $1 75@2; Goslings, $2^2 25;
Ducks.' $4@4 60 per dozen for old and $4 50
@5 50 for young; Hens, $4 50@5 for small
and $5 50®ti for large ; young Roosters, $5 50
@6; old Roosters. $4@4 50: Fryers, $4®4 50:
Broilers. $2 50<g\1 : Pigeons. $1 25 per doxen for
olo and $1 C0@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Wild Doves. 50@75c per doren; Hare.
$1 25@1 60 *>er dozen; Cottontail Rabbits,
$1 75 per dozen. .
Poultry and Game.
May. ............ 35?* 3oU 34%- i 34%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
October ....10 90 10 95 10 75%, 10 S2Vt
January ... 12 55 12 55 12 47ft 12 47ft
Lard, j>er 100 lbs —
October 7 12^ 7 1214 7 05 7 05
January ..... .V 7 20 7 £0 . 7 12ft 7 12ft
Short Ribs," per lW lbs—
October ..;..... 7 42ft 7 42ft 7 80 7 37ft
January. ;.6«0 6 60 6 55 6 55
CHICAGO, Sept. 10. — The wheat market
opened a trifle easier as a result of lower
cablea and continued favorable weather, De
cember being eff %c at $1 OSU- The demand
which was very light at the Immediate open-
Ing, soon showed considerable improvement,
commission houses being fair buyers. The de
mand was principally for the December op
tion, the price of which soon went to $1 0$!i.
Trading during: the remainder of the session
was mainly of an evenlns-up character.
The fact that the Government reports would
be issued late in the /afternoon prevented any
great amount of new business. A bullish fea
ture of the late market was tb« increased flour
business reported from the Northwest. Tha
market cloted firm with December at $1 03 "A
1 08%.
Favorable advices regarding the condition of
the maturing crop and fear of a bearish gov
ernment report caused weakness in corn. De
cember closed abouf lower at 51c' i
Oats were steady. December closed &@Vic
lower at 32 »,4 032 %c.
Selling by pit traders due to prospects of In
creased holding receipts was the chief reason
for a. small decline throughout the entire pro
vision list. The volume of .trading was small.
At the close January pork was 5c lower, lard
60 lower nnd ribs down 5c. . . •
Tho leading futures raneed as follows:
A rtlelea — . - Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
S«pt. (old) .... 1 0S% 1 0S% 1 08% 1 08%
Sept. fnew) ... 1 05>4 .1 00 • 105^, 105%
December 1 08V4 1 09 1 08^ 1 0S*i
May ....110 .110% 1 09% . 1 10ft
Corn No. 2 —
September • 53 C3% 62^ 62%
December Bl% • Gl% J, 50% 51
May 50% 60% . 49% 4J%
Oats No. 2— .
Kertember ..... .. 31 ?» . . 31% . 31% 31%
December ..... 82% ." 32ft 32 32%
Future Grain and Provisions.
The following shows the exports of Flour
from San -Frandeco by sea in August. 1904:
To— Barrels. Values.
China 63.098" $259,337
Japan 3.31S 15.243
Hawaiian Islands 3,427 1.1824
Tahiti I,e74 7,005
Central America 8,158 32,419
Panama 1,145 • 4.522
Mexico : S84 1,452
Colombia 221 1.033
Ecuador 901 3,602
Samoa n Islands ..40 107
Totals 82,366 $340,604
In August, 1903, the exports were 99.040 bar
rels, valued at $413,670. In that month 58,151
barrels went to China. Japan took 10,118 and
11,397 were shipped to the Hawaiian Islands.
Flour Exports in August.
NEW TORK, Sept. 10. — There was the usual
Saturday dullness In metals.* ¦ •
Tin was $6 70.
Copper— Lake, $12 62U*?12 75: electrolytic.
$12 50«12 7.-»: casting. $12 27%@12 00.
Spelter. $5#5 12 H.
Lead. $4' 20r#4 30.
Iron— Steady, unchanged.
Chicago Board of Trade. |
New York Metal Market.
The following 'quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Ste*rs 7K©7%c; Cows and Heif
ers 5>4@6%c: thin Cows. 433c per lb.
CALVES— 4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wetners, 3%63?;c; Ewes. 3#3Uo
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 &0S2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%©4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4%c; 130 lbs and under. 4fec;
over 250 lbs. 4V4c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars. 10 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off. from above quota
tions.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
VEAL-^-Large. 7@8c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6®To
per lb.
LAMB— 8%09c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6®Sc per lb.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 5%@7c for Steers and 4@5c per Ik
for Cows.
As recently foreshadowed. Hogs hare de
clined a fraction, the demand being too light
to absorb the receipts. Otherwise there to
no change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
(Note, — There are ' no quotations for Grain
and Its products, aa the exchange was not in
session yesterday.)
- Exchange and Bullion.
. . ;i LOCAL. •' . ,
Sterling Kxchange, sixty days.... — . ' $4 S5U
Sterling Exchange, sight ..-. ' — 4 S7H
Sterlfng Exchange, cables — 4 88 Vi
New York Exchange, sight ...... ."03
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07 Vi
Silver, per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars 45 © 45Hi
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico 215
Berlin on London 20>4 .2
Paris on London ...25.-3
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.-
The Potato market had an easy tone, with
trade quiet, and prices of river Burbanka
ranged lower. There was '. quite 1 an accumu
lation of low.- grade river Burbanks lying on
the wharves, and such stock was hard to sell,
even at concessions. Onions were fairly active.
but the market was overstocked and rather
weak. Some dealers were, offering the best
stock at $1 20 per cental.
The market for miscellaneous vegetables was
liberally supplied and generally weak. Wax
Beans were in limited supply and firm, while
String and Lima Beans were very weak, with
poor and old lots selling below the quotations.
Garlic was firm and sold readily at the quo
tation. Tomatoes were weaker, as stocks were
too heavy for the regular trade to absorb and
the canners were not In the market.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 50U
7.%c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1@1 25 per ctl;
Early Rose, nominal; Garnet Chiles. 75@S5c;
Sweet Potatoes. $1©1 25 per ctl.
ONIONS— $1#1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 50c©$l 25 per
sack or crate; String Beans. l©2c per lb;
Wax Beans 2®3c per Ib: Lima Beans, l®2^c
pe r lb; Tomatoes/ 20@50c per box; Summer
Squash, 2CXB35c per box; Cabbage. 75c per ctl;
Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers, 20®35c" per
box; Pickle Cucumbers, nominal; Garlic, 4%c
per lb: Egg Plant. 25(^40c per box; . Dried
Pepp«rs, nominal ; Green Okra, 3Q@40c per
box: Green Peppers. 25@>40c per box; Marrow
fat Squash. $15@20 per ton.
A charger may be either a horse or
the liveryman who owns him.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about ViQle under quotations. Heavy salted
fleers, 10c; medium 9c; Ught. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8Hc for heavy and 8%c ! for light:
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip. 9V*c; Salted Veal. lOo;
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides, 16%e: dry Kip,
13c; dry Calf 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®
40c each: short Wool. 4OQC5c each: medium.
75S00c: long Wool. $1<M 50; Horse Hides, salt.
$2 79 for large and i-'rt- 50 for medium. $1 25
©I 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $19
1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins —
Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 30c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras. 75c: extra large do. $123: large and
smooth 50c; medium, 35c: small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4tHHo P« lb:
No. 2. 3%c: grease._2%©3c
. WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South*
ern. 9#llc: Southern. S®9c: Southern Moun
tain. OSllc; Middle Counties, free. 12914c:
do defective 10@12c: Northern free. 12914c;
do! defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno 14615c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25®2So per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COTTON — The sentiment at present among
the majority of operators appears to be bear
ish for a long pull on the expectation that the
increasing volume of receipt* will weigh heav
ily on the market and that priees will ¦ be
forced lower before the first flood of the move
ment of the crop subsides. There is, how.
ever, no guarantee that the crop will be over
11.600,000 bales, and as fully 11.000.000 will
be needed this year by the spinners to meet
the shortage In the world's stocks of the
staple and manufactured goods from the short
crops of the past five years and the enforced
curtailment of production of goods during
the past year, there Is nothing to warrant tho
expectation, of any big break In the market
from this level.
The private wires of E. T. Hutton. A Co.
from Wall street yesterday said:
STOCKS — Market continued buoyant to-day
and closed with a rather wild rush of buy-
Ing which put prices up rather sharply. The
bark statement proved to be unfavorable, but
had no effect. Continued aggressive buying
by leading bull Interests were the factors.
Th<! market showed only a slight reactlonal
tendency at close. The market has abounded
with bull rumors of various kinds calculated
to stirculato the spread of bullish sentiment
and .encourage general buying. The bull In
terest have taken advantage of the. strength
and broadness of the market to unload a por
tion of holdings which they have been carry
ing the ra*t six months, and most of which
were accumulated during the depression of
last winter. Should the Government report
turn xrtit" satisfactory and confirm the present
promise cf the big corn crop, there Is reason
to believe bullish speculation will be continued
on an arrressive scale next week, as the
largest market interests have not yet been
able to distribute much etock and are still
working on the bull side on the belief that
the situation Is favorable to still higher prices,
especially In view of the continued plethora
of money still offering on call and time loans
at low rates of interest.
Stocks and Cotton.
General Manager Chapman of the
United Railroads announces a num
ber of changes in th« present routes
of the various street railway lines.
These will take effect Thursday, Sep
tember 16. On the Kentucky-street
lines, which at present are operated
from Sixteenth street and Railroad
avenue to Third and Market streets
by way of Kentucky, Fourth, Berry
and Third streets, returning by the
same route, it is purposed to change
the route so that cars starting from
Sixteenth street and Railroad avenue
•will be operated by way of Kentucky,
Fourth, Berry, Third, to Townsend, to
Fourth, to Brannan, to Fifth and
along that thoroughfare to Market
street. Returning they will run along
Fifth, Brannan, Third. Berry, Fourth.
Kentucky to the present terminal at
Sixteenth and Railroad avenue.
On the First-street line the cars
will bo operated from the Third and
Towsend street depot via Third, Bran
nan, Second, Folsom, First and Bat
tery and thence to Sansome and Bush
streets and to Battery and California
streets, returning over the same route.
The Sixth-street line, whose cars are
now operated from Sixth and Brannan
streets via Sixth, Taylor and Post
streets to Montgomery, a change will
be made so that after September 15
they will run from Sixth and Bran
nan streets by way of Sixth, Taylor,
Post, Kearny, Bush and Sansome
streets to Cast and return by the
same route. It has been decided to
abandon the present Bush and Bat
tery street and Fifth and Sansoma
street line^.
General Manager Chapman of United
Railroads Flans for a More
Effective Service.
ROUTE OP STREET CARS
WILIi SOON" BE CHAXGED
SPOKANE, Sept. 10.— Clearings, , $415,324;
balances. $16,323.
SEATTLE. 8ept. 10.— Clearings. $755,174;
balances, $189,551.
PORTLAND. Sept. 10.— Clearings, $630,375;
balances. $32,787.
TACOMA. Sept. 10.— Clearings, $340,084;
balances, $21,535.
Northern Business.
DRIED'FRUITS. - ' - ; '
EVAPORATED ATFl-KS— Quiet ; common/
4@5e; prime, 6*4<§5$io; choice, 036V30; fancy,
7®7M«. -' ' ¦ ¦ ¦:' ' ¦ -.¦
PRUNES — Are neglected. Quotations range
from 80 to Sfic, according to grade.'
APRICOTS— Active. Choice, 9%®10c: extra
choir*, 10Ho; fancy, HC18c . <
PEACHES— Firm, with choloe held at T%0
7%c; extra choice. 8® 8 Uc
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, Sept. 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
11,000 barrels; exports, 20,800 barrels; market
firm; winter patents, fo 20©5 55; winter
straiffhte0$4 95@5 25; Minnesota patents, $5 85
©0 30; winter patents, ?5 2i>'rj5 50; winter
straights. (4 95@5 23; Minnesota patents,
$5 &5@6 30; winter extras, $3 S5@4.25; Minne
sota patents, $4 3084 70; winter straights,
54 3504 SO.
WHEAT — Receipts, 84.400 bushels; spot mar
ket firm; Xq. 2 red, $1 -13 % f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, $1 25ft f. o. b.; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal f. p. b. afloat. -.-...
Options were generally firm . and higher to
day on covering. Near the Close a partial re
action occurred and last prices were only
W@Mc net higher; September closed $1 13&;
December closed $ 1 12 Vs.
HOPS — Firm; State, common to choice, 1003
crop. 27085c; old. 7013c; Pacific 'Coast, 1903
crop, 26@31c; old. 7@8c. '
HIDES— Steady: Galveston. 20®25c; Cali
fornia, 19c; Texas dry. 24 to 80 pounds, 14o.
WOOL — Quiet; domestic fleece, 23@Z5c.
PETROLEUM — Steady. "
COFFEE — The market for coffee futures
closed 5 points higher to unchanged. Sales.
8000 bags; October, 6.70c; December, . 6. 80JJ
6.85c: March, -7.50®7.75c; May. 7.30c Spot
Rio, steady: No. 7 Incolce, 8*4c; mild, steady;
Cordova, 10013c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 8%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16c; molasses sugar, 8^c;
refined, steady; No. 6. 4.85c; No. 7/ 4.80c; No.
8. 4.70c: No. 9, 4.65c; No. 10, 4.60c; No. \ 11.
4.50c; No. 12. 4.85c: No. 18, 4.40c; No. 14.
4.40o; confectioners' A, 5.10c; mold A, 0.60c;
cut loaf, 6.05c; crushed. 5.95c; powdered. A.35c;
granulated, 5.25c; cubes, 5.50c..
PORTLAND. Sept. 10.— Wheat for export:
Walla Walla, 77c; bluestem, 82c; valley, 83c.
For shipment West: Walla Walla, 82c; blue
stem, SGc. ,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. S«t. 10.— Wheat unchanged.
Bluestem. 82c; club, .77e,. t.v. .
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 10.— Cotton futures closed
steady. September, 10.38c; October, 10.07c;
December, 10.10c; January, 10.14c; February
10.16c; March, 10.19c; April, 10.21c- May,
10.25c; November. 10.08c.
Spot closed dull. Middling uplands, 10.90c;
middling gulf, 11.15c. No sales.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
Flour qr sks .. 13.247! Hides. No. Kl
Wheat, ctls 533! Pelts. No. .... 968
Barley, ctls ... 8,764iHop9. bales ... 188
Oats etls 4.6311 Wool, bales ... 167
Corn West, ctls 1.200! Shorts, sks .... 200
Beans, sks M4' Leather, rolls .. 2B4
Potatoes, sks .. 6,860 Lime, bbls I.Oltt
Onions, sks ... 567; Wine, gals ....119.95)
Bran iks 1.400 Chicory, bbls ... po
Middlings, sks.. 290! Raisins, bxs ... 1.44 »
Hay tons .... 618 Quicksilver fiki. US
Straw, tons .... 101 Sugar ctls 8.009
FOR FORTT-EIGHT HOURS.
Receipts of Produce.
"The pressure seems to come mainly from
local traders, who argue that the ending of
the strlko will bring large receipts of Hogs
and lower prices. There are no evidences.
however, ot any material liquidation. Out
side holdings have been pretty well reduced,
and the packing Interests seem favorable to
long side but their purchases are not on a.
large sca'le. The cash situation Is a fairly
good one."
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 11 Ho per lb for
heavy, ll^c for light medium, 14c for light.
14%c for extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10%c; Bellies, 11 %o;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14c: Cali
fornia Hams 13Hc; Mess Beef. $10010 50 per
bbl; -xtra Mess. $11811 60; Family. $12912 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra dear, $24;
Mess. $1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10«4c; Pig Pork,
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; 3moked Beef. 14o per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6Ho per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure. 9%c; 10-Ib tins. lOUc; 5-lb tins. 10?ic;
8-lb tins. 10V,c.
COTTOLENE: — One half barrel. 8*»e; three
half barrels. SUc: one tierce. 8Ho; two tl-rcea,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per ft).
Dry salt Bacon was advanced %e yesterday.
Otherwise there was no change in the local
situation.
The Chicago wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
said:
Provisions.
LONDON, Sept 10.— The tone of the wool
market is quiet and steady. Yorkshire has
been rather more active, itmr grades being
in strcngtr demand. Merinos are reported in
better demand in German centers, while busi
ness in the north of Franca is dull.. The ar
rivals cf wool for the fifth rerics of aucticn
sales amount to S4.561 bales.
London Wool Sales.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 10.— WOOL— Quiet. Me
dium grades, combing. and clothing. 2i3#2Cc;
light fine. lC(S20c; heavy fine. 12fflCc; tub
washed, 26@35c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
NEW TORK. Sept- 10. — The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans $1.130,4S6.209,
Increase $13,243,600; deposits $1,221,709,400 in
crease $4,625,400; circulation S40.005 S00. In
crease $l,085,100r legal tenders S78.r.03,O0O. de
crease $2,006,500; specie $205,302,600 decrease
$5,002,300; reserve J34.1.8C5.W0. decrease
$7,908,800; reserve required ?305.427 S50 in
crease $1,156,350; surplus $3S,*3S,2S0, decrease
$9,060,150; ex-United States deposits $44 *>76 -
200. decrease $9,066,325. •' ' '
Clearing-Housc Banks.
Fruit crop summary compiled from the tele
graphic reports to the United States Agricul-*
ture Department for the week ending Au
gust 30:
New England — High wind blew off apples,
but good crop promised; other fruit uneven.
New Tork — Apples and grapes very prom
ising; ptaches and pears light.
New Jersey — Winter, apples fair in places
only.
Pennsylvania^ — Winter apples developing rap
idly; other fruits plentiful. »
Virginia. — Apples and other fruits short.
Florida— Rain needed In portions of central
and southern districts for citrus fruits and
pineapples.
Arkansas — Apples and reaches -continue drop
ping; yields and quality fair.
Kentucky — Apples below average.
Missouri — Apples dropping and will be poor
crop; peaches fair; pears and grapes good.
Illinois — Grapes ripening; heavy yield; ap
ples deteriorating.
West Virginia— Apple* I'.rLt; grapes abund
ant ; rain needed.
Ohio— Apples continue dropping; pears fair;
grapes good; plums, heavy crop.
Michigan — Apples and plums continue prom
ising.
Wisconsin — Apple crop satisfactory. -
. Minnesota— Apples abundant in southeast.
Iowa — Gathering fall apples.
Nebraska — Apples light to fair.
Kansas — Apples good crop In many counties.
pocr in others; peaches ripe, good and abund
ant.
Idaho — Fruit and melons abundant.
Colorado — Fruit and garden truck excellent.
Utah — Frolt ranges doing welL
Fruit Crop Summary.
The report of Edward A. 13catf, section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for
th* Oj-.Ton Crop Bulletin for the week ended
September 0. 1s as follow*: • v .-'
Tlie • ps«t week l:as been dry. with warm
cay* rj>a trasonel nights. Although- rain
wouid be injurious to hops, it Is badly needed
for iate potatoe*. gardens and pastures. The
srreln harvc-rt is nearly conrpleted. and in a
few localities a little fall weeding has been
doa* on «umtr.cr fallowed land, but most «f
th«. farmers are waltinc; for rain before be-'
rlnt:ln« th;» m-ork. Pafturace in the valleys,
except . In the coast counties, ir very, abort,
and complaints ar» now made that feed on
the ranges in the mountains is getting scarce.
The tops of late potatoes are beginning; to
Cry up b.n<Z the tubers are email and few In
the nil!. Tho yield of field onions in Wash
lnrton- County was considerably less than lact
year and below -the arerage of former years.
Cujrar beets in Union County- are ripe and the
crop is reported to be better than the aver
age. IIcp picking- becomes "general this week.
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
"Hntirely <Sisreparding these reports, how
ever, we are of the opinion, and this opinion
in l«mO on information of Uie most reliable
character, . that the plantations in. Brazil zn
Dot in a coTJition to producp larise crops for
tern* }-*srs to come, and this is ths main
r-s »c-r. v hj- we have ro stoutly maintained
for inonrhs ran that the article 1« a good
purcJvaj,* tt about present figures, and we re
peat that ovr twA opinion of the arUcle for
a cnjEiderab'.e advance i<pr»^<3 over a number
ef years remains ap strong rs ever. Ncver
tbeless, *e mui.t bear' *«n rr.ind that the «x-
Irtin*; stocks in the world are enormous, "al
t.'.cich they are irell held and we^l flnace^d:
funhermore. that the rvceJptP at Brazilian
• hippinr j«>rt» are much larper than they
iliou'd be ua tile basis of s tt.iUKT.OOf buc crcp,
i.Tii arc thp mum or addlrp dally tr. the ji<-
II; le fupply cxirtinjc in the world. These con
t'.ltior.s d-> r.ot warrant a rharp advance in
I rtce tt i he present time url«i row* calam
ity chould happen to the J&35-6 rrop. which
i* roi* about to T.ter ltn bia^romlng season.
or the tvcei;rts should tail tiS. suddenly and
p'Teejnibly. ro an to cxaln rireninfcen the be
lief Its a very email crop, which has cf late
trfcotne a uurjeet cf doubt.
"In this cohnertlcn we wouli state that our
»*U:ruiU of 9 r f00.<i>X) bar? for the Rigs and
Bin 1 . os crop remsirji unchanged.". .' "¦
judg* wlwther or not nny, and if so. what
amount of <Jamagw was <1one to the trees, and
rcctmCly. on* must b*er in mind that hardly
a yecr p^sse* without the receipt cf similar
rabies. Brazilians sre or.ly too fond of arous
ing ctn:»t;~ir.g niark*t» through damage re
potterbsM va>inc blcher rrices for their crop?.
.-.. . Ktated In Wr report of the 1st ultimo,
the firi-t fiow.flEX whlca ueuaily turns into
frclt is the Bepf-mber flowqlug. We must
await the extent of. this flowering, the char
acter of the tiowjins. the weather con<1IJion*
j •¦ .iiT:- c during the flowering perl 1 *!, and
then »-atch the M-ttlnx of the fruit. b*fore we
car: come to *ome conclusion regarding the
):>>;¦.•<-.« for the nc«t crop. Ordinary frcst
prior to the flowering; period seldom does much
barm, but thtre can be no doubt that a se
ver- frwt »oj:ld do Ftrfcus damage, especially
to younr trc*r. We hav<i «o far not received
euy iEforrr.arion that the thermometer had
fallen as low as that; if it had. we wculd
eurely fcfcvr received numerous cablea to re
porting.
THE DKAZILIAN OUTLOOK.
"Tl:" 1 a-Jvance in price was helped start;
hy cable* fmra Tlnxll reportiriir "damage done
tjv fro«_t. W» would moft rtrongly unre onr
Jrl^tKis to pa?' no attention whatever to such
cib'.fs, t<«-caiT*e flrrtly it l« muca too early to
The New York circular of Henry Nordlin^er
A Co. e»5'»: '"Strong believers as we are in a
r. .'!¦:.'. fcijrher range of values to enm* for cof
lee. we do T.ot iock with favor upon the re
cer.t bull movement Jarvcly eng.n»ercd by epoc
tilators. In our' cpinion this movement is ill
timt-d. and ei.ouk! not have been started until
a :air ,<-* of the crop bad found its outlet
trto oon-umir* <~i>untrie». Brazilians would
thtn net have derived the extraordinary bere
flt. as pron::**'* . to be the case now. r.f ob
tainif.g about ZZ i>t;r cent iror» money for the
liulk cf their crop. Thfre Mjrher prices lea»«
a k^kkI !>rc£t for the planters, and it would
hav,: Ijwn neurh Ix-tter for the future if a fair
X>art of the crop had once more been raar
fc*tni at a less. The speculation lor. a rise
it now fa uly v.tli under way and is constantly
pettlnir truidrr and broader, so much so that
oj'poettjcn to tbe adva.nce falls to make more
than sn occasional slight impression. It looks
very tnut-h at 1f an old-time bull market is
granual!;/ •lecelbslng.
THE COFFEE TRADE.
The Brazilian Outlook and Crop
Damage Reports.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says:
"RarjTjafl managers ere taklsg on a dis
tinctly more optimistic spirit, the result of
co-jree cf a good harvest. Current gross earn
' irg». show smaller losses than the first half of
the year, and during the next three months
traffic returns are irkely to 'more nearly ap
proach the record-breaking figures of 1903.
Celt* a nusber of .the iarcer r»i!read» report
important gains In net earr.lr.ji owing to the
economies which have Uen put into force.
Many of th* heavy expenditures of the last
:our or Ct» years were for the distinct pur
pose of reducing the expense ratio and net
?¦arcings should now show the- benefits of
this policy, as wtll as from the stoppage of
ta* apeclal outlays which such Improvements
necessitated. American railroads as a rule
were never eo well equipped for hantlllr.g a
ssrge traffic with economy as they are to-day:
ri-3eral!y they are in the soundest
financial and physical condition in their his
tory, a fact that must affect their value as
investments, especially If traffic increases, as
«t*na« more thin probable.
"Buciness co&Sltlons seem fairly satisfactory,
the outlook being far a good average volume
o* businets this aut-jmn. but no bodm. One
ef the gTeatctt hindrances to business activity
tas betn th« high level cf commodity prices;
another obstacle, the unsettled condition of the
labor market. There are Indications of a
change for the better in both these respects.
Cotton and wbeat have descended from their
recent high speculative level; and what is
errtclally Important. Iron and steel prices are
settling down to normal and more stable levels.
Prices of Iron . aad steel have b««n too long
held" at almost proh'.bltlx-e figures by the
various poo'n and the trnpt; At last these
are giving way, owing to obsenc* of business
at old prie*s. and healthier conditions are in
proepect. Iron and steel enter so extensively
into all sorts cl enterprises that the return
ef this Industry to t*re normal is eure to ex
«rc;sr a rtlrsulating effect in other directions,
and ete long reduced prices should be followed
by en accumulation of orders held back for
Just such contjncenclcs; hence, probably the
t - .-r : r> in United States Steel securities when
r:iee» of products are being marked sharply
down.? - ¦ « " , . . -
- • THE MONEY MARKET.
"The Trar between- capital ar.d labor may
r.ot'-Vet be end<-d; but the crisis «*ems to have
bien r*ssed. and Important lessons have been
learned on both tides, which should at least
•erve to (Jln-.ir.'.Eh friction end trouble in the
future. The . Presidential ' campaign, strsxge
to say. is scarcely a factor in the situation.
Not tir.ee the war h&e the election cf a Presi
dent created so little ex^itempnt; mainly be
cauee of the absence, of disturbing issues. Even
the ;ariff. the principal subject of controversy,
1e cot likeJy to. undergo any serious chapg% fpr
eome time to cotiie.
"The niupey market remains easy in spite of
mpje libpml currency shipments. The latter
*iil- probably increase in force ard cause a
steady diminution of surplus reserves at this
point; but there are more than sufficient funds
in "sight to meet- sir probable ¦ requirements.
Th«r* has been soine f^ar of gold exports, ow.
ing to liktrMrtood - of- •email uheat exports, ,
though a . £r«xl Furrly *>f c^t:on- bills wjil be i
s .-j.j- • .> forttu-orr;!ng. and titr- h :a >«orn crop
will undoirt'U-dly- I# followpd try larger exports i
«f that ct-ticle, either in the grain' or In the |
forrn^of meat product*. Bedaeed imports of
general merchandise, now being experienced,
will alto ten! to discourage gold FhiTunents.
Re.pen« cf a big Rueriaa loan .may possibly af
fect the ¦international exchacges. but tfcis is
premature."
GENERAL BUSINESS.
Current Conditions Excellent and
the Outlook Bright.
The burrs are rather email, but the vines
are free of lice and the crop Is of good qual
ity, although slightly below the average in
weight.
Summer apples have dropped heavily, but
late apples continue doing well and prom'.ee
abundant yields. Prunes . are ripening and
picking will become general about the middle
of the month. Peaches and blackberries "are
plentiful In the markets.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 2% ! 7 5
Closing 7 2% 7 5
. PARIS.
Wheat— Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 22 60 24 05
Closing 22 60 21 03
Flour — . r
Opening 30 45 31 63
Closing .- 30 45 .3165
Foreign Futures.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots. 7%99%c for
Royals and 9912c for Moprparks; Nectarines.
6%97c; Peaches. 6%98%o per Ib; Pears, 6%O
12c; Plums, pitted. 6@6%c for black, 7%£8%c
for red and 79S%c for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks, 62%c; 3-crown, 55c; 4-crown. 65c; 6
crown. 75c; bulk white 3>493%c: black. 4c
Evaporated Apples, 6%97%c per lb.
PRUNES — l%92c per lb for the four liars.
RAISINS — Association f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 60- lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 3-crown.
3c; 2-crown, 2%c; Malaga, loose. 3-crown,
2%c; 2-crown. 2<4c: seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels, 2%c; Seeded Raisins. 18-os
cartons, fancy. 4%c; choice. 4c; 12-oz cartons,
fancy. 3%c: choice. 3%c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%914o;
No. 2, 11%©12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@13%c;
No. 2 11911%c; Almonds. 16jJ17c for new
Nonpariels. 14®14%c for I X U 13914c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Pea*
nuts. 6®7c for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Ca
coanuts $4 5095.
HONEY— Comb. ll%913o for white and 109
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%9
6%c; light amber extracted. 596c; dark. SQ
4 Vic.
BEESWAX— 27©29c perlb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins t Honey.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Cons money. ..8S 7-lGlN Y Central..... 12S
Do acet S3 9-16'Nor & Western... 70%
Anaconda .:..... 4*4 1 Do pfd .... J>2
Atcnison S4HIOnt & Western... 34*4
Do pfd 101% I Pennsylvania 45%
Bait & Ohio....'.. 91%|Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 129% [Reading 35">;
Ches & Ohio..... 44T4| Do 1st pfd 43%
Chi Great West.. 17%1- Do 2d pfd 39V,
Chi Mil & St P. 162 So Railway ..... 32%
De Beers ........ 18% Do pfd 98%
Den & Rio G 27% So Pacific 59%
Do pfd S2 Union Pacific ....102%
Erie 32 Do Dfd 9fl
Do 1st pfd..'... P9T»IU S. Steel 15%
Do 2d pfd 4S I Do pfd C6%
111 Central 142%lWabash 32%
Louis ft Nash.... 126 ( Do pfd 42V,
M. K & Texas... 24, (Spanish 4s 87%
Bar silver — Quiet. 26»^d per ounce.
Money — IW@1% per cent.
The. rats of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent and for three
months* bills 2% 6-2 9-16 per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
No Grain ncr Stock markets yesterday.
Wall-street Stocks close the week strong. Cotton lozuer.
Local Bank Clearings hse $1,200,000 last week.
Silver, and Continental Exchange weak.
Less activity in the Coffee market.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Bacon advanced $4c Other cured Meats wtchau^
Hogs weak at a fractional decline. )M -
Potatoes and Onions in free supply and weak.
Poultry weak, with considerable carried over.
Fresh Fruits in large supply and weak.
SUMMARY OF THE, MARKETS.
4,400 Do pfd S9% W% 0S% 09
4,800 Bait * Ohio 89% 89% 89% 89%
Do pfd 93% 65
Bay*State Gas 8-ltt }i
7.000BRT 67 56% 56% 57
Brooklyn Un Gas 220 . 230
Brunswick D A I 6 7
Butterlck Co 43 49
Canada Southern . i 67 67%
4.300 Canadian Pacific 126% 126% 128 12U%
fl.300C&O 43«i 43 43% 43%
200C&A 41% 41% 41 41%,
Do pfd 82% 84%
C 4.BI pfd 123 140
C I & L pfd.... 80 85
1.400CAGW 17% 16% 17 17%
Do pfd. A...-. 52 64
....... Do pfd. B 26 23
Do debs...t 82U &<i
700C&NW 192 190% 10041 191
11.900 C. M & St P.... 15U% 157% 15'J?4 160
Do pfd 183 185
l&.SOOC, It 1 & P. new 80% 28% 30 30%
2.000 Do pfd 73% 72% 73% 73%
Do 4s: 77% 77%
LOOOiChicago Terminal 6% 6 6U C
BOO Do pfd... 15 14% 14Vt 15
300 Chi Un Trac... 7 7 8% 7
000|C C C & St L.. 81 79% 81 81%'
6,000|CoIo F & I 44 43 43 43%
200|Colum H C &, I. 12% 12% 12% 12%
600 Colo Southern... 16^ 16 16 16V*
4O0 Do 1st- pfd... 48% 48% 48% 48%
100 Do 2d pfd.... 22% 22% 22Vi 22%'
7.C00 Consolidated Gas 20«:i 203 2CC% 207
1,300 Cont Tob Co pfd] 122% 1 123
SKX> Corn Products... 13% 13% 13V> 13%
100 Do pfd 70% 70% 70% 71
400 Del & Hudson.. 1C0V. 169 1C9 169%
D L & W 273 280 -
100 D & R G 26% 2«% 26 26%
200 Do pfd 83 80 79% 80
Des M & Ft D:. 24 30
Detroit Un Ry 66% C0%
Detroit Southern 2 2%
Do pfd 4 5
Diamond Matci 131% 132
Distilling Secur 27% 2S',4
Dlst Sec Bonds 70 71
Duluth S S & A 7 8U
Do pfd 29% 30
21.100 Erie 31% 31V* 3iy> 31%
2.900 Do 1st pfd... 68 67^ C3 6S" S
3,400 Do 2d pfd 47% 46% 46% 47
E & T H 58 CO
JFt W & D C... ; 47 47%
(General Chemical 45 55
.......I Do pfd 04 9«%
100 General Electric. 174% 174% 172 174
Gt Northern pfd 170 186
1,800 Green Cons Cop 14% 15
[Havana Tob Co 2S 30
Do prd 30 42
Hocking Valley S2 84
Do pfd 88% 89
fOO Illinois Central.. 109% 138% 139\i 139%
Inter Paper 14% 14%
Do pfd 74 74%
...".... Inter Power 35 38
600 Inter Pump 29$j 20% 29% 30
Do pfd 78% 77
. 100 Iowa Central... 22% 22% 22% 23
100 Do pfd 44% 44% 44% 45
Kanawha & Mch 34% 36
1.200 KC FtS & M pfd 79% 78% 79% 79%
200iK C Southern... 25 24% 25% 26
200 Do pfd 46% 46% 46% 46%
700 Keokuk & Des M 18V* 18 17% 18
Laclede Gas pfd 80 100
300 Lake Erie & W. 82% 32% 31% 32%
Do pfd 90 100
Long Island 56 87
1.400 L and N .. 123% 122% 123,4 123%
200 Manhattan .. .. 157% 157*4 157% 157%
Manhat Beach 10 13
9,600 Met Securities .. 87% 85% 85% 85%
18,800 Metro St Ry ..122% 121 12OT4 121%
5.300, Mexican Cent... 15 14% 14% 15
1,100 Minn & Et L. . 65V- 55 55 50
100 M & St L 1st pfd 94 94 04 98
100 M StP & SS M 73% 73%
M StPiSSMpfd 129% 130
1,700 Mo, Kan & Tex 23T4 23 23% 24
l.OOOJM, K & Tex. pfd 4S% 43 48% 48%
16,800,Mlss Pacific .... «»% 9ST 8 99% 09%
Nash. C & Et L 120 122%
1,500 Nat Lead 24 23% 23% 23T4
Nat Lead pfd 95 96%
Nat RR Mexpfd 89% 39%
..Nat Biscuh 47% 47%
Nat Biscuit pfd 109 109%
700 N J Central 17«Vi 175 170 1.77 .
500 N Y Air Brake,. 139% 139% 13S 140
2,800 N T Central '. . 125% 125% 125% 120
N Y C & St L SO 32
NYC& FtL lstpfd 105 105%
NYC& StL2dpfd 64 68
K Y Dock 15 2O
N Y N Hi Hart 193 195
3.500 N Y Ont & W 33% 83 ZSV* 33%
1.500iNorfolk & West 69<% 69 69V4 69%
'Nor & West pfd 90 91
lOO.N'orth Amer t>3% 93% 03Vt 93%
1,100 Nor Securities 104% 104%
.; Omaha : ; 140- 148
lOmaha pfd ..... 185
....:.. O S L 4s i 96% 97 -
f00| Pacific Coast ..65 65 64 63
IPac Coast 1st pfd 95 105
Pao Coast 2d pfd 74 75
8.000 Pacific Mail ... 85 83% 34 34%
42,500 Penn R R Co.. 128% 128 129 129%
4,900'Peoplea' Gas .. 104% 103% 104% 104%
Pere .Marquette 75 8O
100 PC C & St L. . 70 70 69% 70
PCC & StL pf<5 ...: 98 J0O%
2.500!PreS*ed Stl Car 84% 82% 84% 84%
SOOiPress SU Car pfd 80 78% 80 81
Pullman Car Co ...... .... 216 220
lOOiRy Stl Spngs Coi 22 22 21% 22
|R>St SpgsCopfd 77% 78%
19,eoo;Readlng 69% 68 69% 6»!4
200,Roading 1st pfd 85% 80
300Reading 2<J pfd 76% 77%
4, IOO! Republic S & I 8% 7% 8V* 8%
4,:.00 Roj.ub S & I pfd 43 43% 44?* 45%
(Rubber Goods 18% IS)
iRub Goods pfd 81 61%
S, ShefS&ICo 30% 40
S. S S &I Co pfd 83 90
St J & G I 16% 17
SU & GI l«t pfd 47 49
StJ & GI 2d pfd 24 25%
... StL&S F 1st pfd 73% 75
5,800! Do 2d pfd ... 61 60% 60% 61
2C0'St L & 8 W .. 21% 21% 21% 21%
l,500f Do pfd 45 44 44% 45
15.1C01SO Pacific 5S% 67% 83 53%
2,500! Southern Ry .. 32% 81% 32% 32%
' 400 Do pfd 95% 96
...Standard Oil 628 632
Standard R & T • % 1%
4,100iTenn Coal & I. 4S% 47% 4S% 48%
400, Texas P L T Co. 33V4 33 3.1 33%
6.700 Texas Paclflo .. 32% 31% 32% 82%
200 Third ave 125 125 123% 124%
Tol Ry A T Co 19 22
SOOTol. St L & W 29% 29 2S% 20%
S00 Do pfd 48% 47% 47% 48
200 Twin City R T. 88 98 97 98
2C0|Union Bag & P. 7V« 7% 7 7%
.200 Do pfd 63% 63 62 . 65
22.C00 Union Pacific ..101 99% 100U 100%
100 Do pfd 92% 93
..'..'... U P Conv 4s 105 105%
United Copper 5 8
800 Unit Rda of S F 15 14% 14% 15%
700 Do pfd 67% 56% 57% 57%
U Rds of SF 4« 84 84%
U S Cast I Pipe 20% 21
Do pfd 66% 66%
U S Express 118 121
1,100 U S Leather .. 8% 8% 8% 8tt
COO Do pfd S6% 8C% 86% 86%
., U S Real C pfd 52 53
400USRnbber 19% 19V4 19 19%
100 Do pfd 74% 75
37.200 U S Steel Cor.. 15>4 14% 15% 15%
CO. 700 Do pfd 66% 64% 65% 66
2.400 Va-Car Chem Co 34t£ 34% 34% 34%
1.300 Do pfd 108?<i 107% 10S«ij 108%
1,000 Wabash 21% 21% 21% 22
7.200 Do pfd 42K 41«b 42% 42%
Wabash deb Be 65 65%
Welis. Fargo Ex 230 250
100 West Union 01% 91%
200 Westinghouse 104 104 162% 164
I Do 1st pfd 190 200
100W & L E 13 18 18 18%
Do 1st pfd 45 40
100 Do 2d pfd .... 26% 26% 26 27
l.lOOiWisconsin Cen . 20 19% 19% 19%
100| Do pfd 45 41%L<45i 45
—————
566,500 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..l01%|L & N unified 4s.lO3%
Do coupon lOoValMan con gold 4s. 106
Do 3s res 105 Mex Central 4s... 60
Do coupon 105H Do 1st lno 16%
Do new 4s reg.131% Minn & St L 4s. 95%
Do coupon 131% M. K & Texas 4s. 100%
- Do old 4s reg.103 -Do 2ds 80%
Do coupon .107 NR of Mex con 4s. 77%
Atch gen 4s 10:;',; NYC gen 3%a..lOO
Do adj 4s .. 93% N J C gen. 6s 133%
Atlantic C L 4s. 9SV. Nor Pacific "4s 105%
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO:{i; Do 3s 74%
Do 3Vjs »5'/i Nor & W con 4s.l01J,
Central of Ga 5s. 110;i o.SL 4s & partrlc. 99
Do 1st lnc ST. l'a conv 8%s.... 09%
Ches & Ohio •%S.10S%< Readies Ken 4s... IOO
C. B & Q new 4s. UU%| b L & I M con 5«.U7Vi
CM & SP gn 4S.10SV* S L & S F fg 4s. 85%
C & NW con 7s.l30 St Louis SW. lsts. 98%
C. R I & Pao 4s. 78 Seaboard A L 4s. SJU
Do col 5s...... mVj] So Pacific 4s ... 04 .
C.C.C & SLR-n 4s.loi 1 .-> So Railway 6s. ...117%
Chi Term 4s 74V4lTex & Pac lsts. 119%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 7(1% | Tol. St L & W 4s. 79
Colo & So 4s.... 8.1% I Union Pacific 4s. 105
Colo Fuel & Iron 75V4I Do conv 4s .....105%
Den & R!o G 4s.l01i4; U S Steel 2d 5s.. '83%
Eri« prior lien 4s. MSL WataaMi lsts .....118V1
Do gen 4s ..... SSU Do deb B ..... 65%
F W & D C lsts.107% W & LErle 4s... 89>4
Hock Vnl 4%s...lOS Wis Central 4s... 90
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con".'....' 251 Little Chief". .... 03
Alico 6O| Ontario 3 60
Hreece 15! Ophlr .:.....'..... 2 15
Bruns Con 10! Phoenix -14
Com Tunnel .... 10| Potosl ............ .13
Con Cal & Va... 1 00! Favace 20
Horn 81!ver 1 55i Sierra Nevada. . . : 22
Iron Silver ;....• 1 75! Small Hopes ..... -25
.Leadville Con ... C2i Standard .......... 1 95
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— ju S Steel.". V....v;tl5U
Call loans 2%©.1%I- Do pfd ........ 68
Time. loans 4 I Westing Common.' 81
Bonds—V I Mining —
Costa Rica— Nominal: 14915%o far strictly
prime to fancy washed; 12HS13%o for prlma
washed; ll%912Ue for good washed; 111*912 »
for good to prim* washed peaberry; 10@llo
for good to prim* peaberry; 11@12%o for good
to prime; 0910%e for fair; 7%3S%e tor com
mon to ordinary.
Salvador — 13814a for fancy washed, nominal:
12912f«e for strictly prime washed: 10v 3 e»
ll» 4 c for good to prime washed: »i;@10Vie for
fair washed; lOQHHc for fair to prime wash
ed peaberry: ICiilOUc for good to prime semi
washed; 9$4®10»4c for superior unwashed; • ft*
for good green unwashed; QhiQlOa for good to
superior unwashed peaberry; t£Sc for inferior
to ordinary.
Nicaragua — Nominal: Il%7rl3%c for prime
to fancy washed; 9Vi910%c for fair to strictly
good washed; 8Vi©8%c for good to superior
unwashed; 9%810c for good to prlmo unwash
ed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13*i@15c for fancy
washed, nominal; ll* 4 @13 1 -;e for prim* to
strictly prime washed: ll@ll%o for strictly
good washed; 10%filO» 4 e for good washed; 9> k
@10^4o for fair washed; SViSOo for medium;
frgSc for Inferior to ordinary; lOVcfllSc for
good to prime washed peaberry; OugiOc for
good to prime unwashed peaberry; UUt£'-O'»->
for good to superior unwashed.
These figures are expected to further Increase
on October 1.
. "To-day's first hand stock consists of 1197
bags Costa Rica, 41S Nicaragua. 10,073 Salva
dor. 23.730 Guatemala, 870 Mexican and 4949
various; in all 47.30 | 7 bags.
"Deliveries from first hands sins* the 6th
ultimo Include: 110 bags Costa Rica. 2S9
Nicaragua, 7120 Salvador. 11.055 Guatemala,
241 Mexican and 1581 various, la all 20.300
bags.
"The market elosee quiet."
Atchls<}n 4s .....101J4 Adventure ,.....*: 1T4
Do adj 4 3 95 Allouez 12%
Mex Central 4«:.-.-«5iAmal Copper:.... :69ft
Railroads — Amer Zinc- 12.
Atchlson ........83 Atlantic ......... .13*4
Do ptd'.i::...: 99 ' Blngham .......-..' 27ft
Boston A Albany.250 Calumet & Hecla.515
Boston & MaJne.l 63 Centennial 23
Boston Kiev 153% Copper Range ... 57
Fltchburg pfd. ...137 Daly West 14%
Mex Central ..... 14% Dom Coal 55%
N Y, N H A H..183ft Franklin 8%
Pere Marquette... 74 Grancy ,2%
Union Pacific... 100K Isle Royal* ...... 17 »4
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining .... 3%.
Amer Arge Chem.' 14 Michigan 0
Do pfd SOU Mohawk... 47?4
Amer Pneu Tube. i\i Mont Coal & Coke 6?i
Amer Sugar ....132 Old Dominion ... 15%
Do pfd ..133%|Osceola 80%
Amer. Tel & Tel. 140% I Parrot 25
Amer. Woolen ... 14 I Quincy 93
Do rfd 82«> Shannon .41%
Dom Iron A B... 11% Tamarack 115
Ed Elect Ilium.. 260 Trinity . 6%
Gen. Electric ...,173% US Mining 26%
Mass Electric... llU U S Oil 11%
Do pfd 78 Utah 42%
United Fruit 107 > Victoria 3*4
Un Shoe Mach... 31% Wlnona 9%
Do pfd 30% Wolverine 92
GRAPES— Small boxts and crates: Seed
less. 40£50o; Tokay 40975c; Muscat. 40O73o;
Isabella. 50©75c; Biack. 25©50c: Sweetwater.
25940c. Large open boxes — Black. 60975a;
Tokay. $1®1 25; Muscat. 75cffi$l: Sweetwater,
; Wine Grapes. $1401S per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. $1 5093 per
box for Valenclas; Lemons. $2 50@3 50 for
fancy. $1 7592 25 for choice and $1@1 50 for
standard; Grape Fruit. $2&3; Mexican Limes,
$5 50t?0 P e r case; Bananas. $1 2592 per
bunch for Central American and 75c@$l 23 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples. $2&4 per dozen.
ons met .with ready sale. Stocks of Citrus
fruits were closely cleaned up and previous
prices. ruled for. all descriptions. The steamer
which arrived from Panama on Friday brought
up 426 cases of Mexican Limes, which had not
been marketed up to a late hour.
STRAWBERRIES— 42©4 50 per chest for
large varieties and $5® 3 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $2©a per chest. •
RASPBERRIES— *5ffl0 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7©8c per 1b. ,;
APPLES— $1 10©l SO per box tor fancy, 85a
C$ 1 for choice and E0®~So for common.
PEARS— Bartletta. $101 23 per box; Win
ter Nellls. S5cg$l; other winter varteUes, 509
76c per box.
PEACHES— Small boxes. 45@75c, Including
carriers; opes boxes. COcgH 50.
PLUMS AND PRUNES— 50075c per crate
and 30®50c per small box; open boxes, 60©
75c.
POMEGRANATES — 50@75e per box.
QUINCES— 35®50c per box.
FIGS— Black. 25©75c per box; White. 250
85c per box.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, $1®1 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 25950c per box; Watermelons.
$293 'per dozen.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Sept. 10.—CATTLB—Re
celpts, 100; market nominally -steady; native
steers. $4@6; cows and heifers, ; Western
steers. $2 6004 50; Texas' steers," $2 75^3 50;
range cows and heifers. $2 25@3 40; stackers
and feeders. $2 50^3 65
HOGS— Receipts, 5000'; market shads to So
higher; heavy. $5 20@5 45: mixed, $5 30(95 40;
light, $5 50575 60; pigs. $4 75®5 25; bulk of
sales. $5 30(g5 50. •
SHEEP — Receipts, 100; market' unchanged.
Omaha.
KANSAS CITY, Bept 10.—CATT1.B—Re
ceipts, 1000; market unchanged; native steers,
$3 75®6: etockers and' feeders - $2 50©4 55;
bulls, $2@3 50; calves. $2S8; Western steers,
?3@4 50. -. .....,.-¦ : v.
HOGS— Receipts, 3000; steady; bulk of sales,
$5 45@5 57%; heavy. 15 4505 55: packers.
$5 45Cu5 60; pigs and lights, (5 45@3 60.
SHEEP — None; nominally steady; muttxns,
$3 2Mi-4; lambs, $4 60® 5 75; range wethars,
$3 40#4; ewes, $3 25@3 50.
.4. J5; calves. _|3.5Q®« 60;. Texas fed steers. $3^
4 40; -Western steer*. $2 75S4 60.
HOGS-^-Receipts TOOO; Monday, 25,000: mar
ket So- lower; mixed and butchers", (5 30^
0 85;. good to choice heavy, $5 40® 5 78; rough
heavy. $4 05#5 35; light. $5 45® 3 95; bulk of
¦ales. $5 4565 65. \
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000; sheep asd lambs
steady; good to choloe wethers. $3 60®4 IB;
fair to choice mixed. $3 25©3 60; Western
sheep. $3@4 15; native lambs. $4©6 25; West,
era lambs. $4 BOSS 75.
Kansas City.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904.
' CHICAGO." "Sept.: ' 10.— CATTLE— Receipts
800; steady; good : to : prime uteers, $5,5006 05:
poor to medium,"- $3 00@5 25:- stackers 'and
feeders, .$2 25@3"80; cows. SI 50®4 35:i heif
ers. $2@0; cannera. .$1 CO® 2 25; bulls, ?2<2
Chicago,
| CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS, i J
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
OCEAN TRAVEL.
V » Steamers leave Broadway
/C>^**9«\ wharves (pier» 9 and 11).
/*5w_ an Francisco:
l^/v^^l V*! For Ke tchJ kan. Wran^el.
I I VVTJ I I Juneau. Hainea, Skagtray.
I \ iWtuf / etc. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Sept.
V^ \\ m i/rtJ 12. 17. 22. 2T. October 2.
X^yJ? Change to this company'*
\4/IJVu<^/ steamers, at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Bel.
ltngham — 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17. 22. 27, Octo-
ber '1. Change at Seattle to this company'*
steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C, P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Sept. 13,- 19. 25. October 1: Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 10. 16. 22. 28. October 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lcs An*e!ee and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa . Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. !> a. m.
Stat» of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (3aa
Luis Obtepo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bcr.lta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 12. 20. 28. October 6.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 16, 24. October 2.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatian, Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. RiRhe
Is reserved to change steamers or calling dates.
TICKET OFTICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st-.and Broad-
way wharves. Prelsrht Office, 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San ¦ Francisco.
• The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange SIX
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 14, 11 a. m.
S 3.ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept. 17. 11 a.m.
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Aack-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 29. 2 p.m.
J.B.SP1ECKELS&BBQS. CO., Uti .TlClBI 021C8 643 XlT-
iU Frflz!lt OSS 323 M3IJSI !L. Pig 7. ftsfls II
C0KPAQHI3 6ZHIB1LE TB1YSATLAST2Q7X.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j^j.
Sailing even* Thursday Instead of ¦*%&££(
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •«S»EJS l
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. - $70 and upward. Sec-
ond claes to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES A-ND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XT. 8. ZTavy Tard and VaJIaJo.
Stmrs General Frisbie. MonticeUo and Arrow,
0:45 a. m.. 12:30k 3:15. 6. 8:30 p m. («-S"f-):
Sundays. 9:45 a. m., S:30p. m. Leave Valleju
7 9 a. m.. 12:30, 3:13, 8 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sun-
days 7 a. m 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Mle-
¦ton street: phone Main 1508. HATCH ERO3.
To TT. S. H«vy Tard and VaSaJo.
Stmr. H.' ' J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay st.. north end ferry bldg.— Week days.
9-30 A. M-. 3 and »3.P. M.: Sunday*. 9:30
AM S P. M. Leaves Vallejo— Week day*.
«j-50 A. M., 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.: Sundays. 5
p M Fare^.23c each way. Excursion rates
Sundays to. Vallejo. Glen Cove and Martlne*.
50c- round trip. PIPER. ADEN. OOODALi.
CO. Phone Main Ml. •Saturday exoentadv
AUCTION SALES
£?* Closing Out Sale at Anction £&
WEDNESDAY, September 14. at 11 a, m..
2109 MISSION St.. near Seventeenth.
On account of property changing hands. I
will sell my entire livery and teaming busi-
ness, consisting of 23 horses from 10CO to 1450
pounds, also 3 laundry wagons, milk and gro-
cery wagons, business buggies, 14 seta wagoa
harness, 3 sets buggy harness, 3 sets double>
harness. 2 buggy poles, whips and robes; also
2 fine milch cows. Parties) wishing to boy will
do well to attend this sale, as everythlnn must
be sold. A. H. ECOSTELD. Prop.
«t THERE will be an auction sal* at 1149
>-?* FOLSOM 8T., TUESDAY. Sept. 13. at
11 a. m..' of 1 doctor's horse, phaeton and har-
ness; 4 rubber- tlr? runabouts; 1 farmer wagon;
1 express wagon and team; also a large> assort-
ment of horses, wagons, bugles, surreys, carts
and harness. WILLIAM CLOCGH. auctioneer.THE SANiFRANGISGO GALU, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1904:
48
HAI^TS. I HALETS. J HALES. | HALE'S. 1 HAIiE'S. \ HAIiETS. _| HAUETS.
The Fall Fashions in Conclave at Hale's
Invite San. Francisco Women to the Most Authoritative Style Display of the Season This Week.
Are at their best now. Almost complete, comprehensive and varied showing.
Progress is made by turning one day's experiences into the success of the next. Each year has seen this Hale plied it. They went early— they stayed till styles were settled, assured. They worked the six-store power to its very
store reach a higher state of betterness. Let this style show prove by its superiority over last year's tremendous sue- limit. How resultfully you will see to-morrow in the hundreds of new- hats and suits. The splendid styles, the
cess the progress made during the past year; how much better and stronger we are now. than we were then. perfect workmanship, the individuality to each one, the great range of style and price. It's the aim of the Hale store
When our style leaders visited the fashion centers this year they Had an added year's experience, and they ap- not to satisfy one, but to satisfy all. We are better prepared to do it this year than ever before.
*~rr<tf m /IT a s^ -a m '"¦¦" sfj^hm/sWi { l^wM^\w^ M/iiikm\\ V^H'l'f^^ ' ' u i 1 v* here — even the few in the win-
i IIC iUU3L wUIIILJICLC Cffl^ ?Wj£— Mfmmwi9^^^Sr^\ V" I I* faiI t0 s " the hundreds m0Tt on
To-morrow women will see the Hale millinery store in a stronger light than they t^mi/W^^^^^mWi fflffHW, I II 1 Iv 1 W^ 2^'
have ever seen it before. See what the power and prestige of this six-store buying has Jm/w 1111 if f I \ \3^" #rft«-«/-8 4t
enough for dress. There are the trimmed beauties. ¦ . SBml W C ** Strong aS N ° W
lj j. -r m \/i TT..1I7TT »» , *• jtrfflt^ Hundreds of new styles have come in in the
Hats From New York, Hats We Have Made and <^Mil^X^m^li\\ Wttmm) l\k Iast week - The ver y quantity brings- a variety
iiffl W If Mm in LSI I m \\ women haven>t had a chance to choose from
52 Beautiful Creations From Paris BBm W mk W §H^W% bef^ -w«« — v .nd varied. tut re P re-
We believe the largest number of Paris hats ever shown in the city in one store at M& JmJKjm f /I ' WaSMfm Slllm III II 1\A1\ y^ sentatives of them all are here.
onetime. Magnificent ideas, contributed by such noted milliners as Mme. Germaine, f>> iiMnlii ''/ II^TO^^iW^^lp \\%Vv>^ It's the'broad, big variety you will have to
Mme. Lore, Miugin Maurice, Camille Rogers and others. fr HWiHjIl J Ifjl (|lf rol%W^^^2^^ choose from. The lower prices you will pay, no
Thousands of trimmed hats from New York, thousands of hats we have made in our ffl$wk iifil I • filf I II WU^^^^^^^^^ matter what Style you want, that will please you
own room vie with each other. . t m§Vll% III p! IR m^^ 8^^^^ most. It's broad merchandising in a six-store
It's hard to tell which are the prettiest. Everyone is filled with individuality and mWSii til 'I ~fertSSv^ y that has won them * Suits are from 10 - 00 to S 75 - 00 -
characteristic beauty of its own. $2.25 to $25.00. Ready-to-wear hats from $100 to M^W/i'lli ' I llfPlI® 1 The best news that we have to print is that
Kany"^d C^e^^^ 5 of You wi " ta surprise:d to see ' Jnifl illlfflP We H *ve the Exclusive Agency for the -
is no secret to "^ why^of the jBUB Exclusive "Wooltex" Garments
Style Notes-Millinery ° be . n r i0 wast^ - at he end; get the very best MmMM$mm^ iB^Mlf There is a story to that name. A story of .quality that has won for the
American hats are more practical milliners, wno worK towara an end arid dont Jmff7,^W^^^\XW^m manufacturer the highest position among American garment makers. Three
££ th are *^t ela^rat/^n *£l XlT*Av*rtZ vnnr hf in^fn I f. J^MwWl II I IMSBk > eaFS a^° he C3me tS US Snd WSnted US *> take hJS 32?nC y f ° r hJS d - We
A—ican. . of every advantage your buying and knowledge iifiiM,imjlm li™«i were impressed with his earnestness and he 'said: "I will be one mauufac-
laS'^^^^VS^uS-to 82 have M bro^ TheS vf ar vf thS K eCre K S " lf y S U Wf ¦!#! liiiw turer whose goods will prove all thev claim to be." We waited till they
KS 1 SS-SiarsrtffBJPtt^ r ffifM^ T^.r have ' be f K n se " -¦ L^Mm\wl^^S^^^ were. proved. (Now we are glad to bring them to the women and children
ainl n \ r £ la^o r r e w^ pes^ Kr^7/£?1^ any other fall . • of San Francisco for the first time.) They're garments that are guaranteed
crowns. ¦ nereioiore. Ana me season oniy Degins to~ . j,ii w nn i
The MCateriala In the trimmftd hats mnrmw — ' ' WUUl.
SSn'3Litrt v ribto t da£&£^ accor " ~u • jx u o— — — — — . o They're garments that have been made by the most careful, painstaking
The Atebnan shaded beads. jet ; Tnen untnmmed hats and. trimmings, mo- -i Notes— Suits tailors, some of the highest salaried men in the country; garments that fit and
J^^e u 2Ut* 1^Si! atl oStrtS hair feIt shapes bound with velvet at 95c; «« suits with the ™™* stay fit and have a style all their own.
5SSSS£^. n^JSf£r B ffi5rSSi e " ch sail( ? rs : w r ith the new rolling brim, at :, They're garm ?nts such as we haven't been able to off er before. They're
\^^^^7^i^uf.ri v V^t ff£5; French fu , r feIts ir l 20 different- shapes at ™ 5t P ™% "«,,*. ".«». -t«- *»¦ garments such as no other store in San Francisco can offer now at anywhere
T^ tt t?e^S l & th nS ts hJS.SSa you usually pay $2,50 for. 12 different IS^it^^^^^^&g near the price. We give them first publicity to-morrow,
ornaments and owi heads shapes in hand-made hats, in b'ack, brown, * •
l£\THS«%i^ ii^e^ a SSS^- ~ ¦«: Suits, Coats, Children's Coats and^Skirts
Browns combined with terra cotta; the »OU afe WeiCOIlie, Wnetner yOU Want a Most of the . skirts -are elaborate, with .1' v "?
new Russian and electric blue. Bronze frsm^ a nnmnnn nr o cwaIIHwcc hor nr urhafhar pleats or tuck« and instep length, in very Some of them are in a window to-day. The children s coats are from $5.00 to $30.00; magBi-
S?h o'SSS- JSTSf coT^'e 3 Sf^wen ' a P° m p° n .° r a SW .f U dreSS at » Or Wnetner fe W l ff^%^TJT« ta T.rg?-«din«y ficently made, magnificently tailored, of splendid material, cither short or long, plain, oVin iixtcr«J
SSt o SS%S^Sf 5T y° u are . J ust looking. We want you to see the t^'S^S^^B^^S^' sizcs f ' om 6 t0 I4 } ZZTS -
Style tendency still goes back to new things. See SOme of them in the WindOWS " top - rlvonteif iV™ur p^ndmo'thera ia ume The suits, skirts and jackets will be a revelation to women. Perhaps you hare read of W00S-
the time of Louis and Napoleon. fn-riav * nd comlns baek . a & aln - '-. , tex in the magazines. Now is the first chance to see how much it means. .Yon will get better ae-
O Q lu u<i y« . • O — ' ¦..¦¦.. . . quainted with it from now. on. [-!
To introduce You to the New A^7/{(\ pjprpc Aft I Sn^Yie Men's Nightshirts 58c <Ji>J fkfZ *a« AA D*4/f Black Silk Offering
Goods, TJtese Bargains 4/ OU PieCCS Aft LlOenS TAa , 75C Values . &&+JO lOf H RUg That Means Splendid Eco^my.
In Black Goods < Samples We'll Sell at Half and LeSS . Of heavy twilled- or plain muslin. ¦ . „, „ ' 4ff ,,, , o . That will interest women who a»
Unusual values to us. They are They're all this season's samples from all the traveling men of S°™ of them • are v embroidered > Size 36x72. All Wool Smyrna. . falfS o°r^a^'waisf * of *
more unusual to you. , one of the biggest firms in the country including ends of stock J™ g^ggj^^^gj^ A manufacturer's sample line. It's as dainty a floor covering black silk for any purpose. "^
SSSTfffi i vhen r lmes & ot f own so low that thc X dl dn't dare take more or-. They are 54 inches^ong and" very - _. vou wi n usiiallv oav *,¦* for Jt . Thi » H . al 5 « ilk 8to « » broadeafatg
BuitiigB. Bpienoia iau ders £ rQm samp i es> . Iarge in the body; All sizes is to . as vou Will usually pay tor. it's acquaintance agam this week.
SLM^tMmmu m* 75c y»r«— (4 inches if we had not spoken for them months^ ago we wouldn't have IO g All at 58c . ' ; Pretty floral and Oriental designs, with a heavy knotted wool Black Taffeta, 35c yard :
*5S£ "d^^e! been able to get them. Big Eastern wanted them.^ 0 fringe on each end that won't raVel. Rugs that will wear and w&'K^ft^^S? fi&
n^^u^spiendidir. ¦ PieCeS .af 3c That Are Worth IOC *igSffrdPg$i look:well. Maybe you have a bit of floor space you have been fig-
Nickel watch 75c P^es at $3.00 That Are Worth $9.00 aSHSSi $2 ' 95 SsrS^»a?S
It's a Good Timekeeper Bibs, center pieces, scarfs, fine Battenberg hemstitched linen. *> "• ;. -•.>.¦••-. : -instead of S4.00. Second floor. ; r Peau^rSole otc vSd^
A ,. ... r . f^ Scinch hemstitched lunch Cloths that WOUld Sell Splendidly at I~1K, ni«««, aff O« taoe Curtains, $1^0— Eight patterns to Curtain SwiM, 8 l-3o— Just 2 cases^of it: 1Vmt A 1, -M.. ?«««-?«•«
A watch men will like for every e 4 Cn frnr« r Ami 1 4r eflli; ,.,«'t1 iiii«*«^^ «^ «^. -^JT-f- -*«>«-* T JellV UlaSSeS ZC choose from. That's more than you 1 Scotch lappet swiss, 36 1m wide, dainty iLSif*;^JT^' iffiSL*^ 1 ! 1 ??*,.' 1 **
day use. We bought 2h immense r*"5° lrOm Stock, well BCll at $2.OO. $5.00 Scarfs at $3.50. J - ._-.: ¦ .usually get.at S1.50. There Is more raised stripe Patterns. The very thing qualjtle*; a .oft ehlffoa flnlali. lu*Ty
lot of them. They are lower priced $i-75 scarfs and squares now $1.00. . .., Covered or Uncovered. : -^^l^S^^^^i^^l^^ i tor uxaM wta^ WB m tor toUet atUm wJ wSt you to »h •omatotwi wtoi
to-morrow than you would, usually Some stamped, some already worked, others plain hemstitched. _ Find them ... on the third floor. it^eans to 8 have a^Lc^store^power F im«d siiioiine 7Uc Td^— 2000 yds. of the betterness of thin ; Hai«"«ltt «tor^,
pay. ' Beautiful linens. Of course they are mussed, some soiled a little bit— Phone for them if you .want. working for you. It it's In sage' preen, white, pink and the advantage* la Quality and •conoay
TMa Hale Jewelry store la making most samples are. But it's the largest and best line of art linens, we K J£ e uncovered ones are large star- tac9 curtains, $2.50— Three and* a half "got blue grounds, for dainty house « Mlnga.
U *8'™2£t\ t £S& «Uh. «« believe, that was ever shown in SaS Francisco. If we could put some |&ss. m tumblers. , perfectly . clear % l 5S5Kfc fifSTual width? 12 pat- : Cf, + 7 A<
.J* Tou want a better watch, see of them here no. woman would fail to share them at half or less than one, have tin tops that J™ w ?th^ec7allt r p?e a p n ared r thr^ ! wa^-^mo^w at^SVS * "^^ Sheets at 46C
M^ Watch at $6.75: So'maby of them we fill the bargain table in front of the ele- ¦¦¦»^t^-&%. l! S^TttaS TO»J?»t'^"feSiAK Unbleached, Size J^cga
SSrtMK' S^ f wa e tc°h. r hU !?^I vator with ?hem to-morrow morning; as well as their owii counter. ¦^J&^^8£^i& room or library ' llne . of pattcrns ' JS*j£gL musfbe fuS^HaW.
cjSSb e tw 1 to¥?7 S je%i WO SJ There are so few of a P attern we advise early buying, i . . !. ,' — just ks the sheets must be best.
a good standard movement. See it ' v PllTP I'inpn Nflnlfinc » These are exceptional sheets at ftxXX
to-morrow. f6.75. \T.. WT ¥ _^ j* rp • • . . s rUrL Uflefl iNapKlOS - Fvpru D'W Arlflq tO th& ReatltV Of price; the most exceptional opportoaS
Woman's Watch, 519.50: \i NCW LaCCS 3LTI& TrilTimingS ¦AGoodTimctoBuyandSave. _^ | y Day Adds ; tCV the ™ y Ot S^^^cSU^ .oxsT^
- Fashion's Chosen Fancies "for Fall. v . ° '. IJSi The NCW Fall 'FlatinelS
Sid.* O ttr.?^ktet an S&S& l K They are all here, a beautiful, collection. One every woman:, slightly soiled. Tint's the, reason . * f 1^ iltn^ * C * 11 * *«-""V*^. ggjit^jan. to b, to buy
jewelry stores at j25.oo. it's a rare will want to see? before she buys" her trimming, for her new ¦ fall -you -will pay from 251050- per Til/ O thn fpnnicflnniiel at 8 1-V f0canri1'2^r c<m J5 a lJS i^!^ t S^7?Jl e 54 V£ Th 57*»«
bargain even for Hale buyine to Vlr^cc M rt Tr«»l -<+-,.?. m ««.. A'-- ¦ 11 i. • i~™J7\' cen t less to-morrow. Prices - are /: '¦ l^Ke tne reiiniS Iiannei at O l-Ol, lUL oOU **/2C. of splendid sheeting, reinforced m
bri " W "! XSSE;S^^^ ta « IJi^^^ These prices haven'tbeen able to do as much' before.
Beautifur Point Veniseallovers in net top effects/ in white, cream 1 N^ w omK^-. Ro ••«.'»•„ Pretty pink and blue, Striped and Checked patterns, tO eocr8ix»o svtro; 90x90 'at7Sc
n U £™l°7 lSl6 % dresses, "^SrS^
towel- has lo»s of "nib " If vn,, are profusely ornamented. :. ' ' ¦ ~ For they're the ribbons vou And Scotch flannels at 30c, 40c and 50c j-ard : are prettier; than any we have t*"***' J2? H I d w5$l'2L 1 2'J5**TJr J i fla-
n°c7d d tow1lV£a°wni JES JSK« *&T la ? , t p . P " will want 'iff. .fSlT VribbSS: /JSS" . .had' before. There is a big, full line of them to choose from." patterns ¦»« Meach^ 1 yds. wide,
unusual values these, art at 16c If mSiSL b2i. 3 Lace ' Bargains will be most glad to pay full to suit everybody s taste. r At^^ MW „
you don't need them it's a good time P °sa*75 y£!in ton^fSoonsfflow* Thousands of yards pretty, wash- P™«»$* Silk stripe Scotch flannel at 50c and^noy elty. waistings at 75c, 85c and 95c ¦ T f?. yW f*»MWI^ a fi^
to lay in a future supply. era, in separable • medallions. able and trimming laces at aver- -The prices are less than worth. ¦¦'¦-¦ yard vie with the ; summer stuffs in . their >beauty. But their warm fall sktrt now. Then you WtH be
O r^r^£l^, of^^SiwaiSe^a^ M Roman Ribter, w^ht^n^eir^^ glad to know that
Order anything in this ad bv n^^^J^^'^M^ the; new laces While sharing them. : '; : "l., flrf 30c Jfrf. Then there are »ew patterns in flannelette waistings, figured, striped, dot- We Make Skirts Frei>
lyrutrr unywng m ,nv aa. oy BaM. Kate. Bands^ 4^ to tixo y*^- At a^c yd.» tace. Worth 6c_Nor- No. Q vlU in J at AtC vd ted and Persian effects. At ioc a yard, beautiful crepe finish. And TTC A . -rui JiP- , rree
mail if you lhe OUt of town. Send spanned Saad.7 m^to iL)0 »d_ PaHs^ISTi^to's a in. d wld^l? Mn^ ! --V 5 ? at i 2 Hc;yard a little heavier quality. So pretty and effective you can Again This Week
Wf ' ' *„„, M ;,„ ' .J,j ¦ 'BlaVk! 1 f to i'H to. wldr°° Td^ SSoiJto*matclvl- to rta^wlfle! 117 No - 6o » 4 m., at 59c yrf, harcHy tell them from the French flannels, at 60c and 75c yard. All tnat li necessary for you to do is
US your name SO *VC can SCtta you spans-led AUorera, $1^0 to t4JM> yd*— ••* So yd,: X^ee* Worth 10c and 16o-i - Tn« newest combination* for hats, , D . .» ¦-„<. ¦' 4 i: n1 . „,;;; v, n L t; •/ , to buy. the material for your ordinary
/ 71 4l In black. In wUtaT^OO to ISSo Normandy. Valenciennes and Point belts or for any use. But the 11CZVS that Will probably interest WOtnen most tO-WOT- skirt lenyth. and well make you a plain
Our nCW fall Catalog. yard. «*»-•«- *» ?»*« de Paris laces, edginss-2'to 4 in. : m^i-^,1^. '« r. 1 • *r * X ' ' skirt free of any additional cost. Furthir
H^h K<nr.m.^.ln combination, of " '" 5^ 5 -^S^iSJ^-SiffS^rffi **&- : -'" l~BfSSRr-- : "^* '^ " --".^T^r- " ¦«* T^W tf ./Ao# o/[ . Q inlonuaUon at the dresa toots deSS!
<O^MLW *W * vS^^SlS^S£^&f& ' : Nearly a Thousand Yards German ' Mfc
WM^^^¥^ s^A f pii^ 25 \toS5^, y^Net 2^ Velour Flannel at 15c Yard *%P#1^^4©2£S
a*M Z^Gr> "'Zr^' oral deslRns .- black « cream and ings SH to 5 in. wide, insertions f& j£Wj£r S *^&%£*'^3Bl T V1UU1 I 10.1111^1 ai 1^ I ttl U MM aW &*& ***+^^Jb3&*
' SeV't'hem'Smorrow We know 't&^Si. • Je^^SS Regular 2 oc quality AH red grounds with black dots and figures. The M^^SS^SS^^^
Alark"t Street Near vnTi will i/9«*^»rt «.- ?>.*«,««? dalllon eCfects. 2 to 3 in. wide.' ; : - '"¦•-¦ - M • V"'-i --»,*- : -, . manufacturer ran a thousand - yards more red flannels than . he . intended v ¦_,•-. . -
Aiark.t btrcct. i\ear bixtn. you will want. to sec them first, , 6- \ ¦ „ . .6 Market Street, Near Sbcth. to. .We took the orcrstocJc. -Share it to-morrow at 15c yard. Market Street, Near Slztk.