Dreary Wastes irf
Many Parts of
the State.
; " ; It was "announced ¦ by the officials "of
the r^ Southern ;: Pacific ), : Company ! r last
evening 'that' all ; train? would be mov
ing *.this 'morning^ but ; it*" is : not yet
certain;,,whether *,tl>«" will : be"; able to
get i over line's without ; delay, 4 : for
the work- of/clearing away.- the -debris
MILLS COLLEGE SAFE.
Men at School Effectively Fight the
Flames.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— Mills College
was in no danger from the forest fires
of Thursday. The fire started on
Leona Heighis from the careless
building of brush fires. The men from
Mills College turned out In force and
helped to save the buildings at Leona
Heights and also the property of Mrs.
General Hewston. two miles away.
Had it not been for their help much
property would have been lost. Bnt
the buildings of Mills College were in
no immediate danger.
FIRES IX ; ,THE SOUTH.
Much ¦*; Property. Is Destroyed Near
San.Dieso. :
*' SAN 1 DIEGO/,' Sept.- 9.-f-Mountain
HELENA. Mont., Sept- S.— Wah
Kim and Wong Tone. Helena Chinese,
armed with revolvers, made a eensa
t:onal attempt to rescue a fellowcoun
tryman awaiting deportation and in
charge of Moy Don Ching. Chinese in
terpreter of the United States court.
The official had taken his prisoner to a
rettaurant for a meal when the two
Chinese attacked him. Ching wa« un
armed, but his fists were equal ti» the
occasion. Wah Kim and Wong Tone
are in the hospital and the prisoner is
in JaiL v , r **
Helena Chinese. Armed With Revolv
ers. Try to Save Felohv Coun
tryman Fi*om Deportation.:
ATTEMPT TO TAKE PRISONER
FRO3I GOVERNMENT OFFICER
' The fire: was * first reported- at ill:16
o'clock this morning , by the flfthTsecr
tion of Train V No.'; 6, ; running ; into Ful
da station.'- Thej great* alarny bells were
sounded • in i the t sheds 'and J track ¦: men
were gathered from' all directions/ Fire
trains *,wete ' sen t '[at" f urious " speed" f rorh
.SACRAMENTO, Sept.. 9.— The, great
est snow :; shed* fire in - fourteen {years
has raged all ''day in the Sierra-Nevada
Mountains' * in 'the .^iclnity '¦ of • Blue
Canyon! 'Fully 2500, feet of emowj sheds
was destroyed!" ; The^ pine ¦ f ores'ts'lnTthe
locality areibeing swept by flarnes visi
ble to-night from Truckee, many miles
from the scene. . ,• The fire in' the sheds
is under control.- The fire : is' the most
destructive ' suffered', by .-' the Southern
Paclflc#Cbmpany since ¦ the* blaze -that
spread up the hill 1 as f y; as Cisco. ¦ All
travel has ceased i and will- not- be re
sumed before > to-morrow.- The tele
graph wires aredown and communica
tion-is carried on by telephone.", : •'•'.' :'¦',
"Secretary- of ? the -Treasury Shaw:-is
stalled on train. No. i2 at ;Tpwle, near
the scene of the ; fire." The excitement
of the hour : did not' prevent the -resi
dents • of the. locality * from finding- him
out: and to-night,' \under : a • sky reflect
ing the fierce : forest' fire, the Secretary
delivered a rousing;Republican' speech.
Two strain cloads of - Boston Knights
who! left'; San ' Francisco to-day are the
unexpected " guests • of - Sacramento * to*
•nights*and V, they ; are;. ; congratulating
themselves 1 that they ;. are , not , in .¦ the
mountains "<- with .their , fellow . Knights
experiencing, the ; very hottest .of all
the ? 'hot "times California has '._ offered
them.X^^:v :'¦'¦.'' "'' ¦ ¦ ; '/¦"
; ,S6 i far as known the following, entire
sheds have ..been | destroyed: \ j No.' 4,' 60S
feet*. lbng,*Kwest of jj Blue Canyon ; ; shed
No. !10,;400 .feet -long;-8hed No. 11, 296
feet long; shed No. 12; 314 feetlong and
shediNo. 13, 256 feet long. Approxi
mately * 2500 ; feet 'of. sheds . Have ' , been
burned ; .and\ It, will cost $25,000. or more
to • repair ' them. "'r-. ' •;
'J' A'jStrorig iwind • is ' making the forest
fire rdifficult itor handle.. 1 Men will ; re
main ; at >-ork all night , laying 2000 ; feet
of "new 'track *;tpV. replace that; twisted
but of shape by» the- intense heat of ,tjie
blazing T sheds. ' "; , "-.
'."•The, flre> broke out. at Ntwo> points, in
the' sheds, ( one,' east and .one : west, of
Blue 'Canyon. V The :_ stretch "; of ..road
swe'pt>by,..the fire is about '. five > miles
long: -There .is moreTor less space be
tween I each, of the. snow- sheds," repre
senting . ground not . subject to the w
driftssof winter..] .- - .' / : ..;'. ¦- .
Siimrhit/ ? Cisco ; and i Blue ; Canyon'. and
they, were later reinforced by fire trains
frbmv^ruckee Vand- Coif ax. -A special
train, bearing ; Division. Superintendent
R.;'J. Laws 'arid Resident Engineer' F.
'C;'?r Miller,- ¦ left " ¦ Sacramento ¦- at '¦ 3:25
ojclock;- p. -m.' and' reached j the" scene
to-night. -.'«: ;¦ . •>*,-. ;.* ; ¦» -. :/:, ../. <s:
.-At; a late, ; hour .-to r night jj it was re
ported'that' the, fire r 'in;.the sheds was
not.' ( spreading, ' although the : forests
were 1 : still' ablaze.- ¦ . • < *' ; ' ¦ , -.
MISSOULA. "Mont.. SepL 8. — Mrs.
"Jack" Keith, whose home is in Baker
City. Or., fired two shots at her bus.
band in a hotel in this city to-day
neither taking effect. She then At
tempted to jump from the window to
her death. Her husband is employed
in a local playhouse in the city and
in the presence of officers, who hur
ned to the scene, ehe charged him with
inconstancy, naming an actress as the
cause of her anguish. She was per
mitted to leave for her home in Baker
OREGON WOMAN TRIES TO
SLAY INCONSTANT SPOUSE
Mm* Wildly and Misses, Then Makes
Unsuccessful Attempt at Suicide
by Lcaplns From Window.
,' STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 9.
Dr. William R- Dudley, head of the
systematic botany department here
and secretary of the Big Basin Park
Commission, started late this after
noon with a party of twelve Stanford
students into the fire-swept district of
the Santa Cruz Mountains. The party
Is made uj of volunteers and was or
ganized by Professor Dudley, for the
express purpose of carrying pro
visions and aid to Warden H. Pilking
ton. The men left the campus at
4:30 o'clock this afternoon In a large
bus. They will go as far as Iverson's
cabin in Pescadero Canyon to-night
and start from there for the Big Basin
early- in the morning. If they suc
ceed in - reachinsr the fire-surrounded
party to-morrow they will join forcea
with the men there and attemot to
check the flames in that quarter.
Party Leaves Stanford University to
Join Fire Fighters.
STTTDEXTS TO, THE RESCXTE.
-PrbpfertyvN0^ •
WOMEN WHO WERE. DRIVEN .FROM Bl6 BASIN PARK,. BT THE* FliAM£S
THAT -DESTROYED THE GIANT REDWOODS. -AND i • SKETCH. SHOWING
• HEROIC FIRE-FIGHTERS TRYING -TO^STAf- PROGRESS. OFr FIRE. . . - .
-.The; Misses Kinney and Miss Daven
port believe that they escaped from the
burning forests of the basin none -too
soon. ' . ¦ •• ¦¦-< -.
.At noon yesterday a party of eight
lumbermen from Bloom's mill came
into Governors Camp and -said that all
avenues of escaDe had been cut off
with the exception of the trail by : the
mill and :the , Pescadero trail. The
Misses Kinney, Miss' Davenport, Mrs
Hill. | Miss , Shelton and j Mrs. [ Pilkington
at i once started , with their/ escort - of
eight men.'> From Governors Camp, the
distance is one and three quartenmiles
to ".the mill /and this distance the
women walked through, the ashes J and
sparks'and almost suffocating srhoke" ."
A rest was had at .Bloom's ! mill and
then the ladies walked nine miles to
Boulder Creek,: from which place they
came to San Jose by train.
With Mrs. Hill and- Miss -Gertrude
Shelton'-of Petaluma, the young ladies
had been ; spending their, vacation at
Governors Camp since August 15. At
2 o'clock Tuesday morning the' party
of ladies received the first warning of
their danger. At that time they "were
aroused by people residing at Union
Mill Tavern, who had come over to tell
the Warden that the forest all around
the basin was in flames. .The fire
burned very swiftly and by 4, o'clock
Wednesday afternoon was rapid;iy> ap
proaching the camp, despite the efforts
of the fifty men who were fighting it.
Thursday, morning at 7 o'clock Warden
Pilkingtqn returned and told the ladles
to pack up what things. they absolutely
needed < and • be prepared to leave, as
every. moment lessened their chance of
escape. , .« i > : > , . ?.; •. • . • •• - ¦'.:„¦
. SAN JOSE, Sept. 9.— Nina Davenport
and Enid ' and Ettie McKinney' of this
city, who .were guests in the Big Basin
Park when; the destructive" fire- now
raging there started, returned to their
homes 'yesterday afternoon. | They had
a^thrillirig experience in escaping from
the park/. as they did not leave ¦ until
their camping place was almost - sur
rounded by fire." f ~> ' i
Women . Narrowly Escape Death in
- Big Basin Park.
FLEE BEFORE THE FLAMES.
CORPS HEADQUARTERS, GAINES
VILLE. Va.. Sept 9. — The second
maneuver problem ceased at 9 o'clock
to-day, with General Bell, command
ing the Brown army, demolishing
General Grant, commanding the Blue
army, east of Bull Run. This result
awards victory to the attacking force
in each of the two regiments and
mak*s Grant the first victor and Bell
the second, so far as results can be
estimated without bullets.
Second Maneuver Problem at Gaines
ville Again Results in Victory
for Attacking I^orce.
BELL'S COMMAND WIPES
OUT GENERAL GRANT'S ARMY
¦*¦". Mrs. €=.- Lux had a narrow escape
fronvbelng burned alive.' . She was out
helping fight'the -flames near the home
of Captain "Meyer at'Leona Heights,
when her clothing Itook fire. She ran
screaming ! into ' the ¦ house and set the
building 1 on ¦ fire. £ Harold Havens, son
of Frank C. '. Havens •* of ' the C Realty
Syndicate," and Phil- Wadsworth caught
tbe 'woman and' threw -her Into a wa
tering trough, -thus -saving' her life.
The^ fire. in the house was also put out.
' The cottage'of A. Luck, superintend
ent of .the E-".B. and AIL. stone quarry
at i Laundry " Farm, was burned. The
band ¦ stand .fat, Leona 'Heights . picnic
grounds ,: was destroyed,, as ; were also
the -trees .'arid "shrubbery." ; J ,..?"..,
The ; fire "then 'continued' on toward
Grass Valley,- and finally reached bare
ground, wherelthere", was. nothing more
to burn; and died out," leaving a' black
ened and scorched country, in its wake.
A . camper's - fire, started , to cook a
noonday lunch. Is said to have been re
sponsible for one of /the worst fires that
has v. ever • visited • ¦ Alaxneda County.
Afterburning fiercely for -twenty-four
hours it finally burned itself out in the
hills 1 .., of Contra*: Costa County. The
damage, : It is believed, will run up to
between ' $75,000 and $100,000. Thousands
of ' acres of pasturage . have, been de
strdyed. "Cattle have .been left without
anything; to : eat; . 'fences , have been
burned: away, and ' in ' the stampede oc
casioned .the'; cattle" of many | ranches
are roaming* at will over the country.
Although'- more I than- ( 100 \ people , wen?
engaged in fighting the flames little
could ". be 7dorie . toward ; stopping ; their
advance. '..'.,' . ¦ ¦' • - .«' <>.*,; <
\ The .fire \ started on;the : Ma*ee ranch
on 1 the -Redwood road," 1 according -to j C.
Allen "Dealy, .a .real/estate: agent *o*
Fruitvale, * who ' ¦ happened \ to pass . the
placed shortly, .after,, the. flames j began
to spread.,' Magee's ". barn .was burned
arid * the .flames ; then; spread to the
southward. . By dint of j hard" work the
buildings .of Mills, College were '.saved,
but the flames, stayed In. one* direction,
started' to x eat^ their way up over the
grass-covered hills. < The 'Simpson and
Huston" ranches and a' large* amount of
land owned- by; the Realty Syndicate
¦were burned -over.'* The'hotel at' Leona
Heights r > twice ¦' caught fire," but each
time the -flames 'Were- put -out.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. .-•:": ;> 1016 .Broadway, »Sept 9.
Alnmeda County Visited by Damaging
, ... . ,. . Conflagration..
FLAMES/ SPREAD RAPIDLY.
on. the top of.the'Bloom grade a daugh
ter'.of"I.' 1 Luttrell was found.' She had
sought shelter-there the day before and
was thought, to have perished. Fallen
trees had crashed over her, but she
escaped ' unscathed.
All, sections of the fire are now
thought torbe under control and'no fur
ther danger is apprehended. •
Women Walk for
•Miles Through
Hot Ashes. ;
• -Word was received here to-night that
three - men from Bolinas perished in
the flames while fighting the fire, but
as all communication with Bolinas is
cut off the report cannot be confirmed.
"The report that the Summit House
on Bollna3 Ridg© had been . burned
proved true, as the old landmark was
devoured by. the flames early last even
ing. The old Summit House will be
missed by the hunters, as it was their
favorite retreat. .
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 9.— The forest
fire on the Bollnas Ridge 13 still raging
and hopes of checking the conflagration
seem dubious. The fire has now been
burning fifty-four hours and has de
stroyed over 8000 acres of brush and
fine timber. The flames are now mak
ing their way toward the Carson Gulch
and Camp Taylor. Efforts to back
fire are . fruitless, as the flames leap
many- feet and the hot cinders fly
across the clearings and start fresh
fires.
It is now feared that the flames will
reach the tracks of the North Shore
Railroad and destroy the bridges. The
North Shore has sent a gang of men
toward' Camp Taylor to patrol the
track and bridges.
Three Men Said to Hare Perished
While Fishtimr Flames.
BOLINAS FIRE RAGING.
BUTTE, Mont.. Sept. 9. — While the
Mardi Gras carnival was at its height
last night a thief, after blinding a
woman with a handful of confetti,
seized a pearl and diamond crescent
worth several hundred dollars and es
caped. The woman, who refused to
give her name for publication, was
watching the sights on the grounds.
As the minced paper was flying
thickly, she drew a veil down over her
face. A tall, sandy haired man stand
ing near by approached her and as
quick as a flash lifted her veil and
threw a quantity of confetti in her
face, blinding her. Before she could
recover herself the robber had
snatched the crescent and disappared.
Thief Steals Pearl and Diamond Cres
cent From Woman During Mardi
Gras Carnival at Butte.
BLINDS VICTIM WITH
KANDFLX OF CONFETTI
Joceph Trays and the Cotrell party
were reached to-day and released from
their long Imprisonment . on the topof
a ridge, where they, had sought refuge
from the flames.' Inside; an old stump
; Much damage has been - done near
town. Thursday night a sudden shift
of the wind rained a shower of sparks
upon the many email ranches along
the Boulder Creek road. and the, homes
of H. Prince. H.' W;-West. J. Bellamy.
W. A. Day. Mrs. Dawson. F. M.'Frank
lin and Charles! Cousins were totally
destroyed. The fire is now within two
and a half miles of town and threatens
the water supply. A' force of section men
is guarding the flume and. pipe. line and
In trailing the Jameson Creek and Ben
Lomond sections.. V
BOULDER JCREEK, \ Sept. • 9.— High
up on the ridge Intervening between the
Sempervirens and the Governor's camp
a fierce battle has raged during the last
five hours between -the' back • fires
started by the park's • guardian, H.
Pilkington, and the flames . that de
stroyed the famous group of big trees
and threaten to make a dreary: waste
of Big Basin Park.
After destroying. Sempervirens camp
the flames swept forward to the top, of
the protecting ridge where
Pilkington had mus'tered-his forces,
which were augmented by. relief crews
from the mills of L,T., Bloom and. Mc-
Abee & Ryder. The . millmen haying
made a successful; fight agairist-the
flames, were hurriedly sent forward; to
the assistance of . Pilkington and his
handful of brave men, who, . though
thoroughly exhausted, . were making a
supreme effort to save the famous Gov
ernor's camp. Back firing was re
sorted to and trails one hundred feet
wide were made. ,These were con
stantly patrolled by men armed with
wet sacks and Ehovels,
.The meeting of ; the two bodies of
flame was an awe inspiring sight. They
came together' with a roar that could
be heard for miles. The crackling. of
underbrush and small growth sounded
like an army in action. . • . in
Success crowned, the efforts . of the
fire fighters. Governor's camp was
saved, the outskirts of -the camp, only
being burned. ' ; •
The scene of desolation -on I the bor
der from Sempervirens Park to
Bloom's Mill is indescribable. Where
was once a vast forest' great black
stumps are all that remain. of the giant
trees that were once the- pride of Cali
fornia. Here and there are fallen
tres. partially burned, mute evidence
of the power of the flames. Warden
Pilkington ' was found on Berry
Creek, four miles" from the Governor's
camp, where he was. engaged in fight
ing another fire that menaces tiie park
from that direction. night
when the fire first appeared in the park
confines he had then been .fighting it for
thirty-six hours and was exhausted.
Though he was offering $1 an hour,
men could not be obtained. ' His own
crew was tired, it requiring almost su
perhuman efforts to put up the winning
fight the men made. If the same weath
er conditions- prevail Saturday — cool
and foggy— Pilkington feels that the re
mainder of the park will be saved. Men
will be urgently needed for a week yet.
The present fire, it is now thought, will
be driven out on the Chalk ridges and
there die out." j
is.no easy task. . F t our fire trains were
engaged," all .yesterday in fighting the
fire 'and : as soon as the railroad of
ficials'realized: that a; blockade would
reSult'they, sent, around to-all the ho
tels a. notification .that .all evening
trains 'by way of . Reno, , except the
Reno ; local, .. had " been abandoned. It
was stated, however, " that trains- by
way of. .Ogden would leave \ here on
time ' this morning and, that the de
layed trains would leave Oakland pier
immediately" after the ; arrival; of the
9 a. 'va. boat from this city. '..
Entire Destruction
of Big Basim
Is Averted.
fires that have come down as far an
Alpine have been doing much damage
in that vicinity. Yesterday a strong
east wind drove the fires fiercely and
only the prompt response to the call
for help saved the dwellings of C. B.
Fisher, J. R. Campbell, Mrs. Martha
Horton and John M. Collins. Mrs.
Horton's residence was in great dan
ger. The windmill tower and several
outbuildings were destroyed. "-. ¦; ".".'''
Several untenanted houses back
from the road were destroyed and the
county bridge on the Foss road near
the Alpine Hotel was burned. It is
reported that the fire was started on
the Cuyamaca Mountains by deer
hunters.
It is probable that Lieutenant-Gen
eral Hosegawa. commander-in-chief of
the Imperial Guards division, will be
promoted to a generalship and ap
pointed military governor of that por
tion. of Manchuria occupied by jhe
Japanese.
Sir William Nicholson, one
of the ; British military attaches, who is
ill. has, left Field Marshal Oyama'a
headquarters and returned to Japan to
recuperate..
TOKIO, Sept. 9, 10 a. m.— Lieutenant-
General Prince Fushimi will sail for
America on the steamship Manchuria
in October. Prince Fushimi will visit
the St. Louis Fair and Washington,
D. C, as the specal representative of
the Emperor of Japan. Prince Fuahiml
commanded the first division at the
battle of Nanshan hill. He has re
turned to Tokio to make the trip to
America at the request of the Em
peror. He will remain in America a
month and he will be accompanied by
a numerous suite.
PORTSMOUTH. Va.. Sept 9.— Four
persons were killed and thirty-five
were Injured early to-day when a train
on the Seaboard Air Line Railroad,
consisting of an express car. mail car,
two day coaches and a sleeping car,
was derailed at a trestle just south of
the Catawba River in South Carolina
and was run into by a locomotive and
caboose that followed.
The dead:
ENGINEER E. T. BARKESDALE
of freight locomotive.
FIREMAN ED ROBERTS of pas
senger.
MRS. BLACK.
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN.
The injured all live in the South
and for the most part were not seri
ously hurt. . i
—J.- SI. Barr. &r&t vice president -a*idH
CTfeneml manager of the road, said to- j
<iay that there was evidence of a ma- I
licious attempt to wreck the train,' a
number of joints having been found
disconnected. The locomotive of the
p;i£5.enger train passed over the tres
tle a:*d went down the embankment.
A locomotive and caboose which had
been passed by the passenger train a
short distance from the point where
the accident occurred ran into the
damaged trestle and fell on top of the
passenger engine.
Coaches on tie Seaboard Air line
Road in South Carolina Leave
the Track Hear Trestle.
Leaves Island Kingdom in October on
Liner Manchuria and Will Spend
a Month in America.
Will Act as tlie Special
Representative ol the
Mikado.
Train Wreckers Credited
With Causing Awful
Disaster.
Derailed Cars Run
Into by Loco
motive.
Lieutenant General
FusMmi Is
Coming.
JAPANESE
PRINCE IS
TO BE HERE
FOUR DEAD
AND MANY
MORE HURT
rorecaet made at Saa Praa
clsco lor thirty aonn eadlar
micmUrtt, September 10 »
Saa Francisco and vicinity —
ralr ' Saturday; cooler; brisk
westerly wlads, with fog-.
A. O. MCADIE.
District rorecai ter.
THE WEATHER.
The San Francisco Call.
Alcaxax-^"Bol)«rt Sasnai." . : ! •
Calif oral*— "Sapho." I
Central— "The Plnrt Born."
Chutes — Vaudeville. r ;- ;
Columbia — "Jtafflei."
Tlneixtx'B — "Anhnuet Bus*."
Grand— Clitneia Plays.
Majastlo— "la th« Palace of t&a
Kin*."
Orphema — Vaudeville.
Tivoll — "Tits Toreador."
Matinees at All Tbeatem To-Day.
TB33 . THSATSS9.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY;- -SEPTEMBER 10, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 102.
GOVERNOR'S CAMP SAVED, BUT FIRE STILL RAGES;
SNOWSHEDS ARE DESTROYED BY FIERCE FLAMESWASHINGTON, Sept 9.— With .the
progress of the campaign In . Manchu
ria there is an evident marked change
of feeling toward the respective com^
batants, not only among the generai
public, but in official" '.circles, both
civil and military. - Japanese victories
are no longer viewed with satisfaction
or Japanese •'¦ characteristics regarded
a* matters for eulogy. flffftePffiBBB
.. At the beginning of. the war «ym-
Feeling Tovrard the {Japanese Is Be
coming Embittered.
SENTIMENT IS CHANGING.
SEATTLE, .Sept. 9.— Steamship
rates; from Nome to Seattle and, San
Francisco are to ' be I reduced.' The
steamship Zealaridia, under charter to
George P. Taylor & Co. of Nome, with
accommodations for, 1000 passengers,
will leave San \ Francisco for ; Nome
about. October 1 and will "bring \-as
sengers out from, the; north- at. .cut
rates. This, 1 1 is believed, will . cause
a rate war.. . - ,, : '•¦-.:. : ;: .. .'• v .;
Rate YVar Is Expected to Follow Cut
in Prices by Steamship ,
. . Company.. . . .
FARE FROM NOME -WILL
BE REDUCED IN OCTOBER
SHANGHAI, Sept. 9, night— :The
Russian protected cruiser 'Askold will
leave her dock to-morrow and pro
ceed to the upper harbor, where she
will lie up after discharging 'her "am
munition.
Cruiser Askold Will Lie 1 Up.
BUILDING WILl/ SURPASS -
< . THOSE AT ST. LOUIS FAIR
PORTLAND, Sept. 9.— Those who
have visited the Chicago and St. Louis
expositions d^eiare that the "designs for
the Government building at the Lewis
and Clarke Exposition indicate It \ will
surpass in beaOTy anything hitherto at
tempted; by the Government, and that
the main exhibit: building will estab
lish a precedent in architectural beauty
for • Government exhibit buildings.
BERLIN, Sept. 9.— It is said in well
informed quarters that the project of
sending Prince Frederick Leopold to
the Russian headquarters in Manchuria
has - not been definitely abandoned. It
is hoped that when' the . Russian pros
pects have Improved his presence will
not' be so embarrassing and the pro
posal will then be revived.
Prince Frederick Leopold May Join
:* Russians in Manchuria,
PROJECT NOT ABANDONED.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 9.— Th©
Government has agreed to Indemnify
the owners of the British colliers Et
trickdala and Frankby, which were
captured by Russian torpedo-boat de
stroyers In February last and taken to
Suez, whera they were released by or
der of the Czar.
Russians Will Compensate Owners of
Captured Colliers.
WTLIi PAT INDEMNITY.
PARIS, Sept. 10.— A St.j Petersburg
correspondent of the Echo de 'Paris
sends an interview which he had with
Prince Peter , Svlatopolk-Mirsky, the
new Minister of the Interior, In which
the Prince said: j
"I do not intend to change Russia's
internal policy, but shall strive to fol
low the programme set forth in the
Czar's .manifesto,* of . February, 1903,
working. on the foundation laid by. my
sovereign to inspire my actions by true
and broad liberalism, especially as this
will not change the established order
of things. I am a firm partisan of de
centralization, and consequently pro
pose to give the provincial communal
assemblies extensive powers* to regulate
their -local affairs."
The Prince declared that he intended
to treat the Jews kindly, but said that
if. he granted them the liberty now pos
sessed by. the orthodox they might as
sume too great importance.
Minister of Interior Outlines Plans
, for the Future.
RUSSIAN POLICY FIRM.
LONDON. Sept. 10.— Horrors and
privations of the Russian retreat re
counted in the dispatches have not yet
been printed here, so that the English
morning papers, for lack of news, com
ment chiefly upon the details of the
battle of Liaoyang.
Another day of Japanese silence
strikes the military critics with the
suspicion that the lull in action may
be ominous for th© Russians, the ex
planation in th© Associated Press dis
patches that the absence of develop
ments around Mukden is largely due
to the rains, not yet having been pub
lished fin London.
The Dally Chronicle eulogizes Gen
eral Kuropatkin, declaring that Cap
tain As T. Mahan, U. S. N.. retired
was the first and only military critic
to foresee th© genius which inspired
the strategy of the Russian commander
In chief.
Th© Daily Telegraph, in commenting
on the account of the battle of Liao
yang, Bays it waa a struggle "terribl©
beyond th© imagination, with a des
peration unparalleled in war." "Hence
forth," it says, "a new standard of he
roism is set in war. Japanese and Rus
sians alike have shown capacity for
sacrifice, contempt for death and utter
abnegation of self. In answer to the su
preme demands of patriotism, which
have never yet been excelled."
The paper reads a lesson to the Eng
lish people, drawn from the battle,
which is to the effect that they must
be prepared to fight for existence to an
extent not even Indicated in the South
African war, "when the unprecedent
edly low rate of casualties was suffi
cient to induce the British armies to
abandon attack and acknowledge fail
ure. These lessons have already been
wiped out by the lessons of a far
greater war."
Genius Ib Lauded and American Naval
Officer Is Complimented.
PRAISE FOR KUROPATKIX.
was killed.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 9.— The
Minister of the Interior says no re
ports of extensive anti-Jewish dis
turbances in several of the govern*
ments of Southwest Russia have been
received. The only recent disturb
ance, it is added, was a small affair
at Biela, near Kieff, in which no\one
Russian 3linister of Interior Says Re
ports Are Exaggerated.
ANTI-JEWISH DISTURBANCES.
MUKDEN, Wednesday, Sept. 7, via
Peking, Sept. 9. — A- correspondent of
the Associated Press, who has just" re
turned to Mu^kden with the Russian
rear guard after having accompanied
the army the whole time since the
battle of Liaoyang, says the losses on
both sides were enormous. As a mod
erate estimate he places them at.60,
000.
Correspondent Tells of the Awful Cost
of Liaoyang Fight.
ESTIMATES LOSSES AT 50,000.
MUKDEN, Sept. 9.— This evening
around Mukden has occurred the great
est downpour of rain of the whole
campaign and with it a. terrifying ac
companiment of thunder and lightning.
There has been the greatest difficulty
in preventing the cavalry stampeding
and all the horse lines have been tied.
One advantage is that the rain has
checked the movements of the Japan
ese eastern and southern armies. Quiet
reigns over the whole front.
Greatest J>o\vnpour k of Campaign Oc
" • curs at Mukden.
HEAVY RAIN FALLS.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.,' Sept. 9.—
Sheriff Edward ' Bell to-day said that
Robert Romain/ the prisoner at Topeka,
Kans., who is said to have confessed to
complicity in the Independence depot
and Vindicator mine explosions in this
dstrict, ' by which fifteen non-union
miners: were killed outright and others
injured, had long been under suspicion
in connection with these and other
crimes. . _ ,_
"We know positively, said Shenn
Bell, "that Romain worked In the dis
trict while the strike was in progress
and was a spy employed by the West
ern Federation of Miners. I received b
letter from Sheriff Lucas of Topeka,
Kans., several days ago, which stated
that Romain had made a confession re
garding the Independence depot and
Vindicator mine explosions. I wrote for
full details. I have not had an answer
to my letter. ' « £
"I have no details as to whether Ro
main belonged to the Western Federa
tion of Miners, but am of the opinion
that before the strike he was a mem
ber of Free Coinage Miners' Union No.
9 of Altman. He came to the district
about a /year* and a half ago, shortly
after having been released from the
Canon City Penitentiary, where he had
served a sentence for burglary." ; ;> ; '--c
Sheriff Bell added that, as soon as he
learned something \ more definite ex
tradition papers for Remain's return
would be asked for and the suspect
brought to, this city. .
Romaln's confession was made be
fore County Attorney Hur.gate and
Sheriff Lucas and sworn to before M.
F. Laycock, notary P-Mic. Folio.. ing
are the names of whom Ro
main declared were confederated with
] im in the dynamiting of the . Vindi
cator - mine and Cripple Cr^ek depot.
This includes tb« entire list, save two,
the names of whom the Sheriff refuses
to give out: _ A • „
Jess Waters, Foster, ¦* — Mc-
Kinney, Louis Tossel, Jim Hicks, Carl
Nelson, - — ¦ Davis, — - Hennison, — 7
Beck and — — Camp. . •
Kennison is undoubtedly Charles G.
Kennison, former president of Miners'
Union No. 40, Cripple Creek, ana a
member of the executive committee at
the time of the strike. Kennison is
now in the County; Jail, having, been
arrested several weeks ago in Denver.
Kennison originally • cam© from the
Coeur D'Alene and has been on© of the
most ardent union men In the district.
He was arrested by the military and
confined in the bullpen for weeks, gain
ing his liberty by habeas corpus pro
ceedings. ¦ .
James. Hicks and Carl Nelson, other
men mentioned In Romaln's confes
sion, were United Miners, concerning
whom little is known. None of the men
mentioned by, Romain are in the Crip
ple Creek district excepting Kennison,
who will stand trial in November for
murder .and conspiracy to murder in
connection with the Independence ex
plosion. V
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept. 9.—
The men. whom Romain implicates
with himself in the explosion are for
mer officers : and members of : miners'
unions In this district- '
DENVER, Sept. 9.— President James
H. Moyer • and Secretary William D.
Haywood of the Western Federation of
Miners declare that'B.S.' Slagel,' alias
Robert Romain, who has made a con
fession '. at : Topeka implicating union
miners in the two explosions at Crip
ple Creek which killed'; fifteen non
unionists, was never/a member of Free
"Coinage Union at Altman, or any union
connected with the v federation.; They
utterly discredit the, man's alleged con-_
fession. -^SHH^P^SS^^R^epQSi
• CANON, CITY, Colo., Sept. 9.— Robert
Romain .was* sentenced, to -the State
Penitentiary ', from" Pueblo f or. burglary
in March, .19O1. : : His sentence ,was for
two .to' four ' years, but he was . pui oled
on March 6.;1903, on accountof good br
havior?"He was 'discharged.^ July ' 5.
1903. : According ] to ; the j records, he was
born in . Hamburg, .Germany, : and' j at
. the " time he /entered the prison waa 25
years of 'age. •, _.-. . .'
Cripple Creek Authorities
Say That the Topeka Priso
ner Was Under Suspicion
POLICE BELIEVE
HIS CONFESSION
FT. PETERSBURG. Sept. 9.— Thl5
evening's reports are to the effect that
•Kuroki has tackled Count Meinberg's
forces, and another Is that Kuropatkin
is wounded. Neither can be confirmed.
Rumor has it that the second Pacific
fquadron starts to-morrow. It is b#
lieved from good »ources that they
cannot get away until Monday at the
tariie8t. Owing to the important prob
ability of needing troops for the «le
iense of Vladivostok, it transpires that
General Linevitch eanno^ send the su
perior force called for by General Ku
ropatkin. This and other uncomfort
able reports flew through the Bourse
to-day with the effect that consols are
«'own to SI. .he lowest point reached
yet.
Business men fuMy realize that the
war is to be very prolonged, when hos
tiiitits even now are seriously affect
ing trade An instance is the Nijini
Novgorod fair, always reckoned a sure
barometer. It closed showing 25 per
< ent reduction in the volume of busi
ness, while of weightier import is the
announcement that not less than a.
million rubles ($500,000) worth of bilis
falling due have been protested.
The story of the inability of mer
chants to meet their obligations going
to the Novgorod fair was spread widely
over the country, and another issue of
4j.000.0M rubles ($20,000,000) notes is
announced. The enormous losses of
life recently have caused further call
on r*«erve forces, while all who vol
unteered are forthwith accepted.
Military men differ as to where the
next right is to bo. Some say und?r
th* wall of Mukden, others Tienling,
v.hile the Invalide i« of the opinion that
the next battle will be fought in the
tpring at Harbin.
The meager reports published in the
foreign prers are not fully communi
cated to the Russian papers and for
three days practically no newspaper
dispatches have been coming through
from the front. Information may be
w;"' 'eld for strategic reasons, but the
public is disposed to regard it other
wife, resulting in the circulation of the
v.:!dest reports, some of the Russian
pftpCra tie ending in pretty outspoken
lafhisn reorganization of the condi
tions at the front and als<> demanding
that Geneial Kuropatkin be given un
tyammeled control as commander In
«:hiet. evidently aiming at Viceroy
Alexieff, who is supposed to be respon
sible tor insisting latterly that the re
inforcements should go to Vladivostok
in view of the probability of early
Japanese operations there or at Har
bin, thus depriving Kuropatkin of
_tr<xjps which would have turned the
fcalt; at Liaoyang. The Russ Is espe
cially bold considering the restrictions
placed nn the Russian press. It de
clares that numerical superiority is not
enough and that what is needed is some
of the do-or-die spirit of the Japanese.
The paper quotes the words of General
Dragomiroff, farmer Governor General
of Kieff. an authority on military mat
ters, as follows:
"Give me a soldier who is firmly de
termined to die for his country and I
will guarantee that my tactics will be
euperexellent. The man who will lay
dot% n his life is terrible. A bullet may
Flop such a man. but will not stop a
company. It is difficult to fight and
more difficult to vanquish them."
The Russ continues: "What we need
is an entirely new organization of
e\*erything connected directly or In
directly with the military operations.
A good deal is admirable but a good
deal also is deplorable. The fact that
things have not gone well at the
theater of war may be due to the fact
that everything is not directed with a
single aim, subservient to a single, un
divided wilL Kuropatkin, now en
trusted with the command of the Man
churian army, should be commander In
chief."
The following dispatch filed at Liba.u
hes been received from the captain of
the Russian cruiser Ural:
"Have just returned from a thirty
days' expedition raiding the enemy's
contraband on the Spanish coast."
The announcement that the water
supply of Port Arthur has been cut off
does not create particular anxiety here.
It Is explained that the water of Port
Arthur was never good and that the
fortress Is provldetl with a large dis
tilling apparatus.
Use of Russian Flag Limited.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. ». — A law
has been gazetted providing that
henceforth only ships owned by Rus
sians shall be allowed to fly the Rus
sian ftag.
LONDON, Sept. 10.— The Daily Ex
press says it has trustworthy informa
tion that the Russian army is divided
into five columns. The first has reach
ed Tie Pass (forty miles north* o£ Muk
den) and is preparing to defend that
place against the Japanese. The sec
ond is midway between Mukden and
Tie Pass. The third is at Mukden. The
fourth, consisting of 40,000 men, under
General Myendorff, is holding General
Kuroki in check by hard fighting
twelve miles south of Mukden. ; The
fifth, of about 12,000 men, is further
south, exhausted by incessant righting
and harassed oif three sides by the
Japanese, its position being one of ex
treme danger from which it can hardly
hope to escape.
"Everything now depends," eays the
paper, "on Myendorff 's ability to hold
Kuroki in check, which thus far has
been successfully done."
Little Hope for Escape of 12,000 Rus
. sian Soldiers.
FIFTH COLUMN IX DAXGEK.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 9, 6:20
p. m. — Official news from the front to
day confirms the reports from Muk
den that the Japanese are still resting
their main forces, but their outposts
are in contact with the Russians. The
latter continue to hold Sintsintin,
sixty-six miles east of Mukden, and
Russian cavalry . is operating over a
wide area east of Mukden to prevent
a Japanese column from slipping
and making Its way north.
" The reports that six more army
corps are to be mobilized are untrue.
As stated in these dispatches, only
two corps are mobilizing and at pres
ent there will be no object in mobil
izing more than the railroad is able
to transport. The present facilities
permit the transportation of a .'little
over one corps each month, but this
is expected to be increased in a few
days with the completion of the rail
road circling Lake Baikal.
The "War Office promises to give out
detailed figures to-morrow in regard
to the number of Russian wounded.
The press dispatches place the figure
at more than 12.000.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 10, 1:50
a. m.— It eeems to be definitely estab
lished that Field Marshal Oyama's
tired troops abandoned on Wednesday
the attempt to head off General Kuro
patkin, whose army has arrived safely
at Mukden after frightful experiences
floundering through mud and mire
over the Manchurian roads. Some de
scriptions of the scenes along the line
of retreat are almost incredible. They
tell how the men lay down in the mud
and slept In a drenching rain.
It is evident that the last determined
effort of the Japanese to bring Kuro
patkin to bay was made on Tuesday,
but the Russian commander in chief
faced about and two corps with artil
lery beat off the Japanese, while the
remainder of the troops continued t*
march to Mukden. After that the Jap
anese could only hang on the flanks
and try to shell the retreating columns
from the hills. The outposts are stlil
in contact, but they are not. even ex
changing Fhots.
A late dispatch sent to-night from
Mukden describes the horrible plight of
the tentless and shelterless soldiers.
The detailed statement of the Russian
losses, which it is promised will be
issued on Saturday, Is awaited with in
tense interest. The general expectation
is that the losses will approximate 20,
000, as against 30,000 for the Japanese.
The work of burying the dead was
left to the Japanese, who were forced
to attempt the task as a matter' of
self-preservation, but it was an almost
Impossible undertaking. The awful
rains have handicapped the work of
cremation, which the Japanese . re
lied on, and only shallow trench burials
v/ere possible in many cases. Not only
is such burial one of great difficulty,
but it is almost valueless from a sani
tary point of view, the storms un
doing it soon after it is accomplished.
The care of the wounded has taxed
the hospitals to the utmost. One cor
respondent says that 12,000 wounded
had passed through Mukden hospitals
up to Monday and only the most se
vere ' cases could be attended by the
nurses and surgeons. Many, there
fore, had to be left to the rough but
well-meant care of their comrades.
The proclamations are addressed to
the Jews in particular, but the appeals
are made to all the heterodox sects,
workmen and # socialists, and a new
feature is that special appeals are made
to soldiers and peasants. Many of the
proclamations have been seized, and
it is proved that they have been printed
in London. Until now they have met
with little response in Russia proper,
but tnere have beentceveral manifesta
tions in various places in Poland and
Southwestern -Russia, where the popu
lation is largely Jewish.
ST, PETERSBURG,, Sept. 10. : 3:55 a.
m.— Intense activity is being displayed
by gome Rusaophobic revolutionary or
ganizations abroad. It seems that they
have, united in an effort to appeal to
all the discontented classes of the Rus
sian population. Incendiary proclama
tions have be^n smuggled across the
border and distributed broadcast in the
towns and cities, and especially in Pol
ish and Jewish centers, calling on the
population to take advantage of the
Government's preoccupation, owing. to
the war, to rise against the authorities
and overthrow the autocracy. Such
propaganda in Russia always results
in an increase of violence.
Jews Are Being: Incited' to Rise
Against the Government.
SLAV EXEJ1I.ES ACTIVE.
Tho subsequent retreat of the Rus
sian army over the terrible roads, har
assed by the determined foe, is .re
garded as a brilliant feat by all, but
it is undeniable that Kuropatkin has
disappointed many of his old admirers,
who are unable to forgive the defeat,
and who now recall that Kuropatkin's
reputation was made as chief of Sko
beleff's staff and njot as a leader of the
army. .
They- know how^ carefully the posi
tion at Liaoyang was prepared, and
they have been assured that if Kuro
patkin accepted battle there he would
achieve victory. Instead, they, say, re
gretfully, he was outflanked and out
generaled.
The change in commanders at such a
critical time is regarded as extremely
unfortunate. . Although it is admitted
that the eastern army had to face Ku
roki, who had earned a reputation as
tne most skillful of the Japanese lead
ers, the poor showing which it made in
comparison with the southern army,
perhaps not altogether unjustifiably,
might be attributed to^this change of
commanders, and the battle might have
been won if Bildering had been able
to duplicate in the east the splendid
stand ¦ which .the southern army made
against Oku and Nodzu. ,
But Bildering was twice repulsed) It
was the second repulse by the Japanese
forces on the Heights of Yentai which
induced Kuropatkin to order a retreat
and there are officers of the general
staff who believe that this order-' was
precipitate, holding that if Kuropat
kin had-followprl'.up the offensive on
September 2, - leaving, to , Stakelberg,
who arrived at : Kentai mines in time
to support Orloff, the blocking of the
sweeping movement, j the day might
have been eaved. These officers are
inclined to believe, that, like Napoleon
and some other of the world's greatest
generals, Kuropatkin suffered a tem
porary eclipse of judgment in recall
ing the army. corps which had launched
against Kuroki and in ordering a re
treat. As it was, they declare, Kuro
patkin's skill reasserted itself and
shone brightest ' in the hour of appar
ent disaster, when, massing his armies
along tlje branch railroad at Yentai, he
held the Japanese in check long enough
to enable the south force to. pass him
and escape northward.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. _ 10.— Now
that the ba.ttle of Liaoyahg is history,
officers- of the. general- staff- are-more
disposed to discuss some of the circumr'
stancesVof the tight, although they", lacl^
specific' confirmation, making itlifipos
sible for themto speak authoritatively
oh' many points.' General Kuropatkiri-'s
army at Liaoyangiconsisted of twenty
battalions of infantry, 147 squadrons of
cavalry and ,700 guns, approximately
108,000 bayonets, 15,000 sabers and " 10,
000 gunners., r. : ' ¦':^;:;'-V-V'.v:,'/.
Portions of two European corps and
one Siberian . corps had jjj been - left at
Mukden, and a number of these
serves were brought into the fight.
"The size of the Japanese army has
not been definitely "established, but its
actual fighting force is supposed to
have had a superiority in numbers of
from 50,000 to 60,000 men and a consid
erable superiority in artillery.
One of the advantages possessed by
Field Marshal j Oyama, according to
Russian experts,"consisted in the great
er elasticity in movement and in hand
ling, on account of 'the. separation of
the respective armies of Generals Ku
roki, Oku, and Nodzu.
General Kuropatkin very late also in
troduced'the same system, after a fash
ion, when he created the eastern and
southern armies' under the respective
commands of Generals Ivanoff and Sa
roubaieff, but these arm>es had not
been acting independently for months,,
while the Japanese armies had been
acting separately.
On his arrival at the seat of war
Lieutenant General Bildering of the
Seventeenth Army Corps took over the
command of General Ivanoff, who,
though a seasoned and tried • com
mander, familiar with his men, with
the field of battle and with the tactics
of the Japanese, had to give way to
a man older In years, but possessing
none of these advantages. '
MISTAKE IX A CHANGE.
Experts Discuss
the Tactical
Phases.
People Muttering
at Course of
Alexieff.
There !s still a lack of specific in
formation rcsrardins: the exact situa
tion in Manchuria. The Russian scn
cral staff, Inckius: details, is unable to
*penk authoritativel3\ while advices
from. Japanese sources; are signifi
cantly Iacklnsr- It is established that
the Russian army is safely at 3Iukden
and that the retreat was accomplished
in good order in spite -of the. harass
ing Japanese, sodden roads and the
fact that- Kuropatkin was hampered
by more than 12,000. wounded, x.
There is nothing yet to indicate the
exact whereabouts of the three Jap*
anr«e armies. When last heard from
Kurokl's forces were on the Russian
left flank and steadily pushing norths
ward, but Viceroy Alexleff reports
that railway and telegraphic com
munication between Mukden and Har
bin is uninterrupted.
General Sakliaroff reports tliat
there was no fighting during Thursday
and while the outposts are still in
contact they are not exchanging shot*.
A detailed list of Russian losses " is
promised to-day, and it is expected
that these losses will approximate
20,000. as against 30,000 for tho Jap
anese. It is officially reported that
Kuropatkin has not been wounded.
Japan, toe. was regarded as an under
dog, -a small nation which had been
deliberately, goaded into a fight against
tremendous odds and without any rea
sonable hope- of ultimate victory.
Army/and navy '; officials who have
recently . returned from the Philippines
and China stations that at pres
ent the Japanese. have. not. a friend. in
the East among mercantile, military or
naval men. Their success has made
them .insufferably pve.rbear.ing and in
solent • ; — ' ¦'•.¦: ¦'.-¦.-:••;".
pathy here was universally \ with the
Japanese. There had been great irri
tation over the failure of the Russians
to evacuate Manchuria. itself, and.be
c'auseHt was felt that the Russians had
deceived and, tricked the United States
and failed to carry out : promises' freely
made.^ ¦, ¦ '. ¦ .
Russian Troops Surmount Frightful
Difficulties.:and Escape.
Army Men Talk of
Slav General's
Retreat,
WEARY JAPANESE A BAN DON THE PURSUIT
Kuropatkin Shot
Is Alarming
Rumor.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1904.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 9.—Hy
draulic mining in Cariboo ceased, last
week and all the gold has now been
recovered from the sluices. Despite the
dry season the clean-up has been sat
isfactory.
Cariboo Miners Pleased.
TACOMA, Sept. 9.— Recently the
Methodists of Issaquah found their
church had been built on property not
belonging to the organization. - The
owners became troublesome and while
moving the church was imperative, the
church funds were so low that it was
practically- impossible. It was at this
time that a big windstorm came up
and beat fiercely upon the church. In
stead of falling the building scooted
along the ground in the direction of the
proper site owned by the congregation.
When it arrived on the site It stopped.
"All that was left for the trustees
to do." said Dr. Harrington in his re
port to the Methodist Conference, "was
to put jacks under the building and
construct the foundation."
When many of the ministers inti
mated they thought the church moving
a windy story Dr. Harrington, who is
presiding elder and a prominent di
vine, offered witnesses to prove his
statement. # The members of Issaquah
Church support Dr. Harrington's story
and show strangers the wide track
made by the building as it passed over
the earth from its old site to the hew,
a hundfed feet distant, stopping exact
ly where, desired.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
Shifts Sacred Edifice From
Disputed Land to a Site
Owned by Congregatioi
FIERCE WIND
MOVES CHURCH
2
FREE. FREE.-
PERFUMES.. 1
: A 40-cent I Bottle of
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
Made in California and con-
tain the fragrance of California's
fields and forests because -they,
are'
"Perfumes Made Where the
Flowers Grow.".-
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONSOF THECALt. v
; Gee announcement on" classi- ;
fied ; advertising ; page. ¦¦¦ -*¦%¦ . r.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I ba?» goffered with piles for thirty-six year*.
One year ago last April I began takine Cascareta
lor constipation. In ths coarse of aircfek I noticed
the piles becan to disappear and at the end of six
weeks they did not trouble me at all. Casearets
have done wonders form*. I am entirely cured and
feel like a new man.'* George Kryder, Napoleon, O.
B The Bowels "
CANDY CATHARTIC _^-a^T
Pleasant. Palatable, Potent. Taite Good. Do Hood.
Kerer Siakea, Weaken or Gripe. lOe. :5c. 50c. Never
sold in bilk. The genuine tablet stamped COO.
Guaranteed to care or yonr money back.
1 Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 593
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
dySsS *** JBel JBhIJIbh A Jam X»w
CUTLERY
fw. ittcd'sI CUKE I SICK HEADACH2. :
BfflrrTiE Gsnuir.a Must Bear
m IVER Fac-Simiis Signature
M PILLS. s?
a Dr. tribtoon ; 8 Dispensary.
62O ECAttXT ST. KsJabllsUj-d
In IS34 forlli* trf«tm»nt «.f l-rlrut-
DI»CH'*cit.'J<mt Al»niM«>O\. Debflltr or
f!is^a»-»« <»arinirot> hiyiy and mi»H ai;<1
Skin Di»«»s«ii. The rjioctorenr^sw lien
othera full. Try hini. rh»rs« low.
Care* s;narante«d. Call or write.
¦n~. J. |f. eiBBOX, san Francisco. CoL.^ .,<*,, -
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
<*UF>rD*S MIRROR.
"The beautj of a wosims's face or fifsra
fa bat the rrtrmil m^n of the rood health
I* lrithis. My Dr.
ft.<^L?V. ¦"""'" ""*""* 5**crce, ox
•* Sfcifs^r Bn2Jalo,_ N. Y., the
womea'i disease*.
I^jT «v"^% Fnitber, to be hip-
%Z*%M '"¦'-' «OTW ooe Bust naturally
Kjgf^p Now. if a womu
v*y TTnVrnPi <^ef*l» has QT*£ginj-<iown
sr±ti8&E*?J*V fc«Hng», toyether
Jv>^^*TK.» l i w i til coaetautlj te-
***>ir turmaj: pains aad
V -™*<* "^ ' « drain upon her Ti-
¦ r : * * tali ty and strength,
she will sever look beautiful. The ieehnea
of nerrocsness, the befogged mind, the
ill-temper, the pzle and wrinkled face, all
result from those disorder* peculiar to
women, and the only way to effect their cure
is to strike st the eource of the difficulty.
There i» every reason why she should write
some great specialist, one who has made the
diseases of women a specialty for a third of
a centary like Dr. R. V. Pierce, founder of
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute,
of BtiCaio. N. Y. All correspondence is
held sacredly confidential, and he rives his
advice free and without charge.''
Dsrinr a long: period of practice, Doctor
Pierco found that a prescription made up
entirely of roots and herbs, without the
use of alcohol, ccred ninety-etrht per cent,
of etxch cases. After using this remedy far
many years in his private practice he put
it up in a form that can be had at any store
v/berc medicines are handled.
In tsasy cases Dr. R. V. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription will fit the needs and put the
body in healthy condition.
So sure of it is Dr. Pierce, he offers •
reward of $500 far women who cannot be
cared of Leucorrfcea, Female Weakness,
Prolapses, or Fallinr of Womb. All he
asks is a fair and reasonable trial of his
nieces of core.
Don't allow the dealer to insult yonr
intelligence by offering: you a cheap- sub-
ftitntc.
Seed si osc-crst skimps to pay expense
cf ciailinr: crd ret Dr.'Piercc's Medical
Adviser in paper covers, free. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Eufialo, S*. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the meet
desirable laxative for delicate woncs.
ADVERTISEMEXTS. _'_. -
f # AN D "^ OT H E R3.
The' Better, class* Qf druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity,
who devote their lives to the welfare of their fellow. men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents 'of known valuej in accordance with physicians* prescriptions and
; scientific formula. • i>ruggi8t8 of the belter class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under "original o'r, officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to .deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard "remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a^first^jlass pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and, remedial appliances.
..Thel earning of a iair. living, with -the satisfaction which- arises from a knowledge of the benefits
conferred upon" their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long years of study and many hours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figs is an excellent laxative-remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling. many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they, always take > .pleasure in handing out /the genuine article bearing the full
; name of tlie^Company— Calif ornia-Fig Syrup Co^— printed on the front of every package.
They know ; that in cases of colds and headaches attended, by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver- and bowels, arising from irregular habiti; indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant; prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs,' and they /are glad to sell it because, it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and th©
immense demand for it, imitations have ; been made, tried and "condemned, but there are
individual druggists to; be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and.whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in order to make a larger profit. Such preparations
•sometimes have the name— " Syrup of Figs"--dr "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because they are injurious to the system. In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has been so unfortunate as to enter hi3
establishment, whether it be large^ or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other medicinal agents, and in the filling of
% physicians* prescriptions, and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
"Knowing that the great majority of. druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where, in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company —
California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class of
druggists who wiHeellyou what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.
ADVERTISEMENTS. f.
Makes the most delightful shave Im-
aginable. No danger of cutting your-
' self. Does not pull.
HAVE YOU AW OU> EAZO5?
Bring it to me and I'll make you a
liberal allowance for it toward the
purchase of a new one. I have excel-
lent Razors as low as Sl.OO.
An excellent POCKET ZHZFX! m a
good standard make. Tour choice-rf>f
style of handle, shape and size. Thl3
is special for 81.OO- '> M
Razors ground and honed. Honing.
25c-
Two bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap, 15c r^v
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. Th© Stationer, '¦*>
1008 MARKET STREET, Opp. Titth,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orcatA
klUSEUH OF AHflTOMYf
0 9 13S1 1X2ZZ - R- *«'• I* »7A. S-T.CaJ. A
\ C?T Tlx» Lweeit Anatomical Mus«ua« !» tb« \
Q rruVl_ Wof Id. Weaknesses «r Jay contracted A
V v£J Sfi *J d!*eu: yssKiialy •¦r«<t by tb« oMoit '
Q j2}jR I Spesla.i*: on Lbm Com;. Etc 36 years. Q
d #§¥?& CR. J03DAN-DISZASE3 OF MEN A
\ 3 #fS$2>|3' Conialtirion be* and itrictlT prim*. \
A I Tryfe? M Treatment perxoocliT or by letter. A M
Tl7 an Pittiiv CW» la svery cm* sadattak**. W
API 11 ft T ' rtte (ot Bwik - '¦»!•• • or nx at A
T ff li 1 * MnaufiE, maoju» v«u. ( xY
A $ j]f *afo*t>U beak fer m*a) \
Y DB. JOB9A5 A CO.. I0S1 At*rt« St.S. T. 9
qo^o^^t>^^>^^^^''^»^ < o •<> »<» »». ivft
Woman
im^Wt\\l MARVEL Whirling Spray
wv^?CiSi^s2i«. tio% and Suction. Br«t-S»f-
~O> y -i TtV' "13*^^-1 1- < *» t — M"at Convenient.
iak year irmW fcr It. /ag ,-i^lT*?^**^-
If he c»nnct supply th« V.-, ftjSSr&Xfc.'siC
MAttVKL, accept no Nla^L /V *W.*P'
other, but s»nrt stamp for M*''6m?\*
niastratedbook-eeai**. ItclT«* / "<%¥ ¦
t nil particulars »nd directions In- /£% / -4
rmlnftblo to ladles. M.%K\ i:tCO.,^J .,., ¦ , a
41 Park B«w, K»w ¥«rlb <*^ii^XiJr ¦
1D2 New Montgomery. San Francisco. Cal.
William Hattv>roth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Suttir.
Union Drus Co.. 400 Sutter and ICO Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 Ellia
QOHOaSHCEA AND CSI5AST DIS021&aX3
: A CURE IX 4» HOURS.
DIRECTORY
OFjRESPONSIBLE HOUSES^
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
¦ ( * on Application.
I "FSESB ATTD SAX.T MEAT3.
! JA^' RflYFS (C CO SniPPin* Butchers. 10*
<!A^ DUICJ ttV'J. Clay. Tel. Main 129^.
\f ¦:-. -• -¦ OTiS. . ~ ~"
UUBP-ICATIXO OILS: LKOXARt>' A ELLI3r
, 4tK Front »t.. S. F. Pncrje Main i"l^
F f "•''¦". llfiRFS. ' PRINTER.-' Reception and » entertainment
by^ ladles' = committees at Palace
Hotel. .
,«¦¦'¦: : V 'EVENING. ¦
Launchinc ¦ of the United
States .protected .cruiser 'Mil
waukee at .Union Iron Works at
in50nI mV-f
Reception ; and entertainment
at headQuartcirs of various com
manderies .ot; California -"juris-'
diction^"' '¦•/>
- •. : APTERNOON. '
MORNING.
EVENTS FOR TO-DAY
, It i3 the easlest.thing In the .world for
a woman not to see the polnfof a joke.
A woman ;can [stand^allot, until she
gets " in i a", crowded • caxj where ; all the
seats are. "occupied by men.
j YouVare k cordially . ; invited" to >view!Tthe
exhibition- of {paintings • by ;A.'- W. y Besjt,
."Grand 'Canyon \ of , the < Colorado/;; Arizo
na.'-in- ! Kennedy I & < Co.'s .Art * Rooms, ¦ 10
Post s street/ under.MasonlcTemple.^*.^
Sir Knights and ; Ladies.
. SEATTLE,' Sept. 9.— The steamships
Dolph inland ,• City arrived in
portUr'omr Skagway ; with ' 150 1 passen
gers and'$518. 000 in gold dust. Miners
are now', comlnsi out.- from the Klon
dike'and 'AtHn country. ,/
Brings ; Gold {and ; Passengers.
Bay and Hirer Excursions.
• The ;-. elegant steamer > H. - M J. Corcoran,
daily to" U> S- * Navy Yard - and Vallejo,
round ; .tr.iP . 50c. Special ; excursion Sun
day, Sept. ¦.'ll, ; .up\the Sacramento . River,
passing: all. points of interest, round trip
$1 i 00. ~ Leaves north ', end Ferry : building:
9:30 a^ -m.; . returns 7 ¦ p. m. See time ta
ble in this paper. .Phone Main 641. • .
¦DENVER, Sept. .9.— David Moffatt
said - to-day upon 'his return -from a
visit : to New York that the Short Line
Railroad ''¦ from u Denver I to - Salt Lake
will' be- completed 1 as quickly as pos
sible. :;,,Work^ will soon berrin at the
Salt: Lakeiend.^it was announced to
day. The I-'. Moffatt - road has now
crossed '. the divide' and construction
can be greatly, accelerated.
Denver ; and . Salt Lake . Railroad Has
Crossed £ Divide and Work : Will
' --Now/Proceed More Quickly. :
MOFFATT LINE SOON
, .-.; .WILL BE COMPLETED
Tour admirable escort. local protection of
the pavilion and complete control of the good
order of the city during th» present week har«
merited the approval of all good citizens. As
the Odd Fellows wJll recetve their Sovereign
Grand Lodge and, many distinguished visitor*
from the- East, as well a» thousands of their
own members in this and adjoining States, we
respectfully request that a similar escort for
our parade on September 23. local details
for the pavilion from September 17 to 23 in
clusive and • the same ¦ kindly and ef nclent
courtesy that are prevalent this week may be
extended to us.
Chief Wlttman received the follow
ing letter " yesterday from W. H.
Barnes, secretary of the reception
committee for the Sovereign Grand
Lodge of Odd Fellows:
Ask That Police Give Them as Effi
cient Support as They Did Knights.
ODD FELLOWS MAKE REQUEST.
1 The; ladies' reception at the Palace
yesterday; afternoon and evening was (
thronged. .The following ladies acted
on the", reception ¦» committee and ex
tended-to-one and all a cordial wel
come : .Mrs. James ! W. Burnham, Mrs.
J. T. - Firth,' Mrs.' W. E. Knowles, Miss
Cora Scott, Mrs. Alfred Barker, Mrs.
B. P. Flint." Mrs.. J. Alfred Marsh,^ Mrs.
Fred -Marsh, Mrs. Thomas Morff ew,
Mrs. J.' F.'- Merrill : and Mrs. E. H.
Hart.- ' K : : ¦ ¦ ;
Following 'was' the 'musical pro
gramme, under- the. direction of Mrs.
Marriner-Campbell: ..'.
"EchoesTof .the' Ball"" . .'. .\ . . . . .Gilley
: . . ., "¦. . Harmony Ouartet. •
fa) "Love Laid His Sleepless ¦ Head" . . .Barton
(b) "I Shall- Have Had My Day". SomerviU
Mrs. * Marian E.\ B. Rob!nson.
(a) "Romeo's Ladder". .:....-... ... . .Chadwick
(b) "Phyllis? .'. Sixteenth Century English Sonc
- ; Mrs. Kllppe] Schaffter.
"Annie ' Laurie" •; : r. .......:. v. : Buck
- - . Harmony - Quintet.'. : ¦.
Ladies' Reception.
Delightful -Programme Is Given at the
MUSIC AT THE PALACE.
A sacred concert will be given. to
morrow : afternoon , under the auspices
of the California State University; at
the Greek : amphitheater on the. col
lege campus,"-, Berkeley, v commencing
at '- ¦ 4 ' o'clock,: by the .university .• or
chestra and the University Glee Club,
to which all . Sir > Knights and ; their
friends are cordially , invited. .The
concert, though free . for all, is espe
cially .intended -for. the. Sir , Knights
and. their- ladieSiresldlng or sojourning
in San-: Francisco i and the cities about
the'bay..:i>- 7 : ..v. -. " . ...-.- '¦',- '¦'.-.:, ¦'..
Concert at Greek Theater.
LONDON, Sept. 9.— Richard Croker
has bought Glencairne> Stillogram,
County Dublin, formerly the residence
of Judse Murphy. The. house is to be
greatly; enlarged. A. marble staircase,
magnificent suites, . reception rooms
and - a ¦ baronial oak paneled hall : r are
to'~be j' added. The work is to be In
trusted; to Sutter of Dublin, the archi
tect* who "carried out the alterations at
Klyemore' Castle. It will take a year
to" complete the alterations proposed.
Is Situated in County Dublin and Will
Be ' Enlarged Under [ Famous
¦ . Architect's Direction. .
RICHARD- CROKER PURCHASES
HANDSOME HOME IN IRELAND
The members oi Louisville Com
mandery's victorious -drill corns and
their wives and lady friends were the
guests of Allan Pollok, manager of the
St. Francis Hotel, at a sumptuous din
ner given ; last evening in the lower
grill room of- that hostelry. ..; Short
speeches, 'in which praise of Kentucky
chivalry, ' and • California hospitality
were j eloquently, referred to, ; added in
terest to the occasion." There were also
toasts to the fair sex of both. States
and much merriment was indulged in
while the enjoyable repast lasted. ' •
Dine at the St. Francis as Guests of
Allan Pollok.
LOUISVILUANS HONORED.
, PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 9.— Three
persons' have been injured here in a
collision between a large racing auto
mobile and a park trap. All probably
will .'.'die. ' The accident occurred at
Lang . and* Penn avenues.
Those injured were:
C.. B. Lawton.
\ Miss Dora Murdoch. '
. .Miss Carrie Murdoch, all of Pitts
burg.
The f trap was overturned -with the
three .victims underneath. ] Firemen
from jj an engine-hjouse on the corner
slopped 'the horse. The automobile is
said >to a have been the property of an
architectr, ..who is now under indict
ment in "¦ connection with the death of
a" woman who was run down in Du-
Qiiesne borough three months ago. He
was not . in the car when the collision
with the >ark, trap occurred.
Kaciiig Automobile and Park
Trap Come Together on
a Pittsburg Thoroughfare
The art gallery of Mechanics' Pa
vilion was thronged yesterday after
noon with the guests of California
Commandery No. 1. who enjoyed one
of the best musical programmes of
fered where music of the best has
been, heard. «
The ladies of the commandery
proved charming hostesses and did
everything possible for the comfort of
their guests. Seats were provided for
all and cooling drinks were
dispensed.
The chief feature of the afternoon
was the rendition of the "Long Cycle."
a cycle of songs written by Caro
Roma and sung for the first time in
America by Miss Mills. Words, music
and the sweet voice of the singer were
greatly appreciated and heartily ap
plauded by all.
The programme opened with an
aria by Mrs. Briggs. followed by a
solo by Mr. Larsen, who rendered the
prologue from "Pagliacci." Next in
order were ,two solos, "Resignation"
and "My Heart's Picture Gallery." by
Caro Roma. The songs by Caro Roma
concluded the afternoon's entertain
ment.
The committee on -entertainment
this afternoon consisted, of Mrs. D. E.
F. Easton, chairman; Mrs. Batkin.
Mrs. Radke. .Mrs. Stallman and Mrs.
Gordon." The committee "on reception
was presided over by Mrs. Otto Frank
Westphal.
Knlght9 and Ladies of California
Comniandery Entertain Friends.
RECEPTION IX PAVILION".
THREE INJURED
IN COLLISION
MUST RETURN
AS INDIVIDUALS
closes \vrrn brilliant ball.
Golden Gate Commandery Gives Fare
well Entertainment to Visitors.- '
Golden Gate Commandery No. 16
held its final reception yesterday af
ternoon and evening at Golden Gate
Hall. The same royal hospitality that
has previled at all the entertainments
of this commandery during the con
clave was greatly in evidence at yes
terday's functions.
Splendid music and lavish refresh
ments were features of both entertain
ments. Mrs. A. J. de Lamare was
head of the reception committee yes
terday and gracefully filled that office.
She was richly gowned in a. reception
robe of heavy black silk, embroidered
in jet and covered with superb lace.
A heavy antique chain of ivory com
pleted the exquisite costume.
She was assisted in receiving by
Mrs. F. J. H. Ricon, Mrs. Charles Su
dani. Mrs. William Golcher. Mrs. J.
C. Campbell, Mrs=. A. C. Tracy. Mrs.
G. Graham, Mrs. E. Jennings. Mrs.
Stadmuller. Mrs. J. H. Hatch and Mrs.
Bessie Tracy Smith.
The ball in the evening was a hand
some affair, in fact it ivas almost a
duplicate of the event of the preceding
evening at the Hopkins Institute. A
trtmendous crowd filled the spacious
building to its utmost capacity. The
palkries were filled with onloakers to
lhe dance, the supper room was crowd
ed, while the larpe hall could not hold
the people who desired to join in the
delights of Terpsichore.
The guests were again received by
the same ladies who had entertained
in the afternoon. Tlicy had In the
meantime changed their gowns for
beautiful ball dresses. All the guests
v.-ere in ball costume and the Sir
Kr.ights . in the full resalia of their
offices- The evening was simply per
fect and between the dances the peo
ple wandered into the street to listen
to the splendid musical selections of
Armand P«uz and his Third Band. Ar
tillery Oorps. The street in front of
xho hall was as light as day, which at
tracted a gTeat crowd of people from
all parts of the neighborhood, who
perched on every available space to en
joy the music and watch the beautiful
ly gowned women as they came out
for a promenade on the sidewalk to
enjoy a breath of the fresh cooling
evening: air. The Lenox, which is just
opposite the hall, was gayly decked
with a great profusion of flags and
every window was filled with ladies
and their escorts, which gave the ap
pearance of proscenium boxes in the
Grand Opera-house. It was midnight
before the handsome entertainment
came to an end.
POSES AS KNIGHT TEMPLAR
AND FOOLS THE POLICE
"Leo Demar, Who Claims He Was
Jleniber of Boston. Proves to Be
an Impostor.
Leo Demar, who said he was a wine
merchant of Boston and also a Knight
Templar of that city, succeeded in
passing a hard luck story on a Police
Judge of being robbed and beaten by
thugs and gained his dismissal on a
charge of disturbing the peace, proves
an impostor. After an investigation it
was found that no man by this name
was connected with Boston Comman
dery!
Demar called at the Central Emer
gency Hospital Thursday morning to
have a discolored eye dressed. Later
he was arrested by Policeman Dono
hue. who found him fighting with at
taches of a restaurant at Sixth and
Steveneon streets. At the station he
gave a, plausible story of being a
Knight Templar and tnat he was rob
bed of $650. He still possessed $95. The
police, believing his tale, released him.'
The next day his case was called be
fore Judce Mo^an and he repeated his
tale. The good-natured Judge express
ed his sympathies for him and dis
missed the case of disturbing the peace.
The po!|ce are unable to locate the im
postor. '
KXPIRES DURING CEREMONY
AT MECHANICS' PAVILION
Striking Stock Handlers
Must Sign Agreement Be
' fore Getting Back Old Jobs
. CHICAGO, . Sept. 9.— More than 600
livestock handlers who went out - on
a strike 'appeared "at'the'offlce'of Man
ager- Skinner- of the Union Stock Yards
and Transit Company to f apply for their
old positions. He had previously ahr
nouhced that he w'ould'employ all the
old men needed. -. •
- None of the stock, handlers were
taken. back, being informed that they
would" be sent for when needed. It. is
understood that before going to .work
they will be required to sign an agree
ment setting forth tha.t they return as
individuals and not as an organiza
tion, v- ,
Members of other unions were not
so much in evidence when work was
begun at the packing houses to-day.
Most. of the men did not know that the
strike was off. .- President, Donnelly, has
received a telegram from the last niem
ber.of the international executive board
of the butchers,, giving .permission to
call off the strike. • ...
Business Agent Golden of, the.team
sters , said „< that the teamsters will go
back to work ?s an organization or
not at all. , ...
. The following statement was
by James , Tracy, secretary of the
Allied .Trades Conference Board: 1 '
"The strike 'was -one. of the most re
markable . that has ever occurred in
the United States. It .was remarkable
for the r absence of disorder, although
fifty .thousand : men and .women : were
Involved. It proves that labor, organiz
ations are law abiding bodies and their
members. are engaged, in a peaceful ef
fort tcTuplift the masses. • It Is remark
able for., the fact which is attested by
the police .that our' ranks were prac
tically unbroken In spite of most "ad
verse • conditions. It ' is' remarkable be
cause it was. 'a - fight against : some - of
the largest corporations- in "the -world
in : of- unskilled "workers. ; The
self-sacrifice and ,herolsm of the, strug
gle has . never . been told, probably never
will: ¦', Like, all • strikes, it; ended - In- a
victory for the workers because rather
than risk such : a struggle ¦ the ; employ
ers will ' be • ready - to treat with \ the
unions in/ the future •: on an ; equitable
basis. Every ''union •-will' its
solidarity and ..will., come /out of this
struggle stronger, than' ever."
Frank ' R. Hnnlry Is Attacked by
Hemorrhage While Presentation
to Kni-lits Takes Place.
Frank R. Hanley. S00 Shrader street,
assistant weigher at the Custom-house,
dropped dead last night shortly after
I! o'clock at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
Haniey breathed his last' just as the
flag was being presented to the Cali
fornia Commandery. Knights Templar.
Death was supposed to have resulted
from a hemorrhage.
Haniey was seated in the southern
part cf the gallery with his wife and
was seen to rise and then fall sudden
ly. Dr. Hassler was summoned and
Haniey was quickly removed to the
Emergency Hospital in the pavilion.
He died, however, before reaching the
operating table. His wife is prostrated.
After kissing a pretty girl for the
first time a young man always regrets
the opportunities he has wasted.
Donnelly's Action Ratified;
KANSAS CITY, Sjept. • 9.— At a; meet
ing of 'the conference board;, of I the
striking packing-house : employes , to
day'the." action of. Michael '.Donnelly
in ; declaring the ' strike* off was " to-day
ratified. '., \; ,¦¦,¦ -~: ¦;-':/. :.- ¦ '• ¦¦ :.-;
'"-. EAST: ST.- LOUIS, 111^, Sept.^9^-The
butchers', -strike « was 'declaredf off ' at a
mass-meeting .'attended ~by ¦¦ 1000 ; of ' the
3300 :•' packing-house «.* employes -v who
went'out eight' weeks ago. -• . -.. * < ,
Strike Off In, East St. Louis.
The Earl of ; Euston and his suite de
parted for the_ East yesterday after
noon. They, received a handsome send
off at the hands of the Knights Tem
plar, . fully in keepjng with the roy:il
reception that was accorded to them
on their arrival here Monday morning.
The feature of the departure was.thi*
Earl's presentation of a beautiful ban
ner of the Great Priory of England and
Wales to-California- Commandery- No.
1. This commandery had been appoint
ed a special escort to the' Earl while
he was sojourning in the city. -
Long before 5 o'clock, the hour an
nounced for the departure. of the Earl,
crowds began to assemble in the court
of the Palace Hotel, at the Market
street entrance and at the entrance to
the court in New Montgomery street.
Every window in both the Palace and
the Grand was filled with onlookers.
Promptly at 5 o'clock, the members of
California Commandery No. 1,' arrayed
in their knightly robes and mounted on
their splendid horses, drew up in front
of the entrance to the court." They had
only to wait a moment when" the Earl
appeared, accompaniet Jy Sir. Knight
Reuben H. Uoyd. As the Earl stepped
to the edge of the sidewalk Commander
Charles M. Plum dismounted from his
white charger and, with his chapeau in
hand, advanced to meet him.
In presenting the . banner \ the Earl
said: "I take great pleasure -in pre :
sen tins to you and the California Com
mandery No. 1" this banner of the Great
Priory of England and Wales. I *am
glad ¦ I have this opportunity to . show
the appreciation that our.order has for
yours, and I take a special pleasure in
thanking you for the great assistance
and kindness you have shown to me
since I have been staying in your beau
tiful city."
Replying. Sir Charles M. Plum said:
"In accepting this beautiful banner al
low me to assure you that California
Commandery No. 1 will always cherish
this gift with loving .remembrance of
your visit to our country and to the
twenty-ninth Triennial Conclave held
in our city. May God speed you on
your homeward way to England."
At the conclusion of this - speech
the Earl handed* to Commander Plum
six superb badges, richly wrought -In
gold and jewels, representing the cross
of the Great Priory of England and
Wales, with the request that they be
presented to the highest officers in the
California Commandery. After these
formalities the • Earl entered a coach
drawn by four black horses . and the
procession started on its march to the
railway station. A band led -the "way,
playing lively marches, and was' fol
lowed by the escort of honor, the Earl's
coach being last in the procession.
The crowds lining the streets cheered
heartily and the Earl acknowledged the
salutes by raising his hat and smiling
pleasantly as he passed on the wy to
his train for home.
CONFERS GRAND ' CROSS.
The Earl of Euston ' conferred the
grand cross of the Great Priory of
England and Wales upon Colonel Wil
liam Edwards and Major Cornelius
Toohey, two prominent local knights,
and decorated- them publicly with the
emblem of .the order, 1 a massive golden
Maltese cross, with the royal British
monogram in the center, surrounded
by the words "Great Priory of England
and Wales," surmounted by the crown
of Great ¦ Britain, and suspended from
a cross bar and ribbon of the Victoria
Cross.
It was a pleasant interchange -: of
knightly courtesies which took place
quite unexpectedly at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art during the recep
tion of Golden" Gate 'Commandery on
last Thursday evening. The Earl and
his party of distinguished visitors from
England arrived somewhat late ' in the
evening and were made the. objects of
special attention. , -
Major Cornelius Toohey, commandant
of the squadron of mounted official es
cort during the conclave, presented' to
the -Earl -the guidons. of Troops A and
B of the escort. .At a signal , from-
Major Toohey Sir Knights • P. ." M."
Thomas and ; George S. : Forderer, the
guidon bearers," lowered their, pennants,
detached them .from their- staffs, and
handed them to Major Toohey, who, with
a brief address, presented them to the
Earl as, tokens. of appreciation of :the
opportunity of, escorting the represen
tatives of , King Edward and of the
Great • Priory of England ¦ and Wales
upon their • arrival in this city to at
tend the • first American conclaVe of
Templars, and begged- that the tokens
be carried, back to : England : as ¦ souve
nirs of the occasion. -The -Earl ¦ of
Euston. in accepting/ the gifts . with
words of- praise for the American Sir
Knights, and especially- those of Cali
fornia, expressed pleasure* at; being the
representative of the "King "and : the
British f raters." As " a.' further mark of
appreciation the ' Earl took • the' grand
cross ¦ from., his breast { and * pinned- It
upon that of Major. Toohey. :, He ; then
took the grand - cross , from , v the breast
of Sir - Charles • Fitzgerald * Matter, \ the
vice-chancellor of,. the IGreat -Priory Fot
England and , Wales, "and "decorated . the
breast* of * Colonel ! William . 'Edwards,
chairman of the ' escort 1 committee,' ' tell'-
The Earl -congratulated .the chief
upon the a'drrilrable ¦'. police arrange
ments during the conclave. He said
the. discipline was a revelation to him
and his suite. 'The behavior of the im
mense crowds | that lined the streets
during .. the J parade, . -, considering i the
small number } of j police, was a credit
to the police arid to the American peo
ple. . .He. .contrasted j the turnout on
Tuesday -with the Lord Mayor's pro
cession 'in London, < when ' the streets
were" lined not- only .with ..police, .but
with troops to keep- order. He thanked
the chief for .the courtesies extended to
him . and asked him ;to -remember that
in bestowing upon him the cross of
honor of the Great 'Priory he*was doing
so as the' representative' of 'King Ed
ward-V-II.- - - . ..
The Earl -of Euston yesterday pinned
the cross of honor of the Great Priory
of England and Wales upon the breast
of- 'Sir- -Knight' George W.-WIttman,
Chief of Policeg The ceremony took
place-in -the EarrsTooms at-the- Pal
ace Hotel yesterday morning,' after in
stituting the chief, as a member of the
order of Knight" Commanders of the
Holy "House of the Temple." ~A' similar
decoration and . honor were.-conferred
on Thursday afternoon upon Past
Grand Masters Reuben H. Lloyd and
Henry Bates Stoddard and. Grand Mas
ter William M. : Moulton of the 1 Knights
Templar.
ing him at the. same time how greatly
he and his party appreciate the' service
of the escort..: The incident has elicited
much .favorable comment from Sir
Knights.
POLICE CHIEF HONORED.
Earl of Euston Confers Honors Upon Gom
mandery-and Members of Order. /
Oa kland Commandery Closes Dclijrht- '
, ful - Entertainments With Concert.
„ Oakland. Commandery No. .11.. held
open house again yesterday at Native
Sons' Hall, and, last. night _ closed, its
si-ries of entertainments by a delight
ful concert.'. Following was thepro
gramme: , '-.'. ...... . • . .'...., .........;-.
"What the Chimney Sang" Bret Harte
The Knickerbocker Male Quartet:
Bass solo -..'....... .-,'.
: Sir Knight -L>.- A.. Larsen. i
"She Is Mine" Dudley. Buck
The ¦ Knickerbocker j Male Quartet.
Vocal solo, "Chancou Provlnclale"..Dell Acque
Mrs. Charles Poulter.
''Fading Day Waltz" ''...' ....Parks
The Knickerbocker Male Quartet.;'
Tenor solo ; . ;
Herbert 'Williams. - •
"Annie Laurie" •......-....- Dudley Buck
- The Knickerbocker Male Quartet.
Commander William' H. Craig : was
present at both functions and saw'that
every one- was carefully looked after.
The. entertainments by the command
ery have been delightful and all have
been greatly . enjoyed by the city's
visitors. • • ¦ i
: At the, reception yesterday .after
noon a capital band discoursed a de
lightful programme in the big dining
hall to. a large audience. Refresh
ments were also served.
ENDS POPULAR 'SESSIONS.
Several of the Knights who accom
panied . the Grand Encampment to | the
coast remained, in. the, city and will
go East via the* northern route, first
visiting points of Interest in Northern
and Central California.
• The escort of California Commandery
that has done such good service in : wel
coming the coming and' speeding the
parting' guests, performed '., Its final
function last night so far as the Grajid
Encampment of the Knights Templar
was concerned. Grand' Master-elect
George M. Moulton and ex-Grand Mas
ter Stoddard and all of the corps of
the Grand Encampment bid farewell
to the. city and left for Southern Cal
ifornia on the 8 o'clock .boat from the
Ferry building. A detachment of the
California Commandery ' mounted a es
cort,-a'band, and a number of Califor
nia Knights in carriages, accompanied
the departing officers to the city front.
Grand Master Moulton expressed
himself as highly pleased with the re
ception tendered the Knights during
their stay In San Francisco and he
spoke' feelingly of • the, hospitality of
the State in general. Ex-Grand Mas
ter'Stoddard was also profuse in- hts
expressions of sincere, thanks for the
courtesies shown him.
There was a busy scene in the corri
dors of the Palace Hotel prior to the
departure of the Grand Encampment.
Delegations of Knights called to bid
godspeed to the departing quests and
to assist them in perfecting arrange
ments; for their, trip across the conti
nent. A special train awaited the
Grand Encampment on the Oakland
side. ¦
Grand Commander Rinaldo Rich
ardson of Boston Commandery took
occasion. to thank the citizens of San
Francisco for the many courtesies ex
tended and in return said that he
gave the parade not so much for
the desire of parading as tc give the
citizens an opportunity to see the fine
body of men composing the Bostonian
delegation.
• At 2- o'clock the California Com
mandery escort arrived at the St.
Francis and formed on the, west side
of Powell street, north of the hotel.
The Bostonians were lined alonsr the
east side of the street, photographs
were taken, and at 2:15 o'clock, with
the California band at the head, the
California escort passed while the
Bostonians stood at salute. After the
escort had filed by the Boston Com
mandery band fell in', follovCed bv the
Knights.', '
. The march down Market street to
the ferry passed without incident. Just
as the column reached the ferry plaza
the bands struck up "Auld Lang Syne"
and as 'they marched into the court
in N front of the ferry slips "Onward
Christian- Soldiers" was * played. A
short, rest followed while waiting for
the*3;o'clock boat and Hie members of
the : commandery were joined by their
families. The party will stop at Salt
Lake.Manitou and other places of in
terest'onUheir way East, including a
week's stay at St. Louis.
/.Boston Commandery No. 2, which
refused to parade last Tuesday owing
to not receiving the right of line, gave
a parade on its own account yester*
day afternoon. The commandery left
its . headauarters at the- St. Francia
Hotel, marched down Powell Tstreet to
Market,, along Market to the ferry, at
which place it boarded the 3 o'clock
boat for .-Oakland. The commandery
was headed by its uniformed band and
escorted to the ferry by Companies
B.and.L of the mounted California
Commandery No. 1, led by the Cali
fornia, band.-. ¦¦*¦<-: i ¦¦>
In various parts of the building re
ceptions ' were held by the
commanderies: California No. 1, El
Dorado No. 4, Oroville No. 5, Nevada
No. 6, MarysVIlle No. 7, Stockton No.
8, San Jose No. 10, Chico No. 12, Santa
Rosa No: 14,' Red Bluff No. 17. Mount
Olivet No. 20, Woodland No. 21, Wat
sonville No. 22, Colusa No. 24, San
Diego -No.' 25, San Luis Obispo No. 27,
Mount Shasta No. 32. Uklah No. 33,
Napa No. 34. r Eureka- No. 25, Santa Ana
No. 36, and -Vacaville No. 38.
From. the. hours - the doors were
thrownTopen until they were closed for
tlie night. .there "was a constant stream
of visitors in and out of the
pavilion,-; all. of .whom were warm In
their praises of the manner In which
the California commanderies enter
tained. VIn:the center of the hall Cali
fornia Commandery Drill Corps, under
the direction of Lieutenants R. L.
Radke and O. F. Westphal. gave an
exhibition drill, followed by an infantry
drill by the cadet corps of the Third
Congregational Church, under Captain
R. B. Moore, Lieutenant A. A. Moore
and Second Lieutenant \V. C. Olson.
Music was furnished for -the balance of
the evening- and those who chose en
joyed themselves In dancing.
In the art gallery the following pro
gramme was rendered: Orchestral se
lection: * barytone solo. . "Two Grena
diers" s(Roeckel), Aaron C. Cain; or
chestral selection: vocal solo, "The
Guest'.' (Smith), Rose Charlotte
Mitchell. '.: '
Captain R. P. Hurlbut of; the Mount
ed California Cornmandery displayed
the standard that had come across the
seas,- while the Knights of the Com
mandery were formed iri a circle about
him. standing at attention and facing
outward.- Captain. Hurlbut said:
"This • banner has been presented to
the California , Commandery by his
Majesty, King Edward .of England,
through- his Representative, the grand
masterdf the Great Priory of England,
the right honorable the Earl of Euston.
In giving this standard to this com
mandery the King shows that it is
presented to the commandery. on the
Pacific 'Coast that is most worthy to
receive it.'-
After this short speech the command
ery circled . the floor : of the pavilion,
carrying the -banner at their head,
while the spectators that lined the
stands and railings applauded them.
The Governor's staff were resplendent
in their uniforms and were accom
panied by . their ladies. At the begin
ning ceremony they, promenaded across
the floor .to ; "a -position, near the band
stand arid'from-that point watched the
proceedings.- j . • . .-^.t
PAVILION CROWDED.
The ranks of the California Com
mandery were made up of a division
in full dress uniform of the order and a
large division in fatigue uniforms. The
California Commandery Band led the
evolutions around the hall.
Sv STANDARD DISPLAYED.
Bearing the flag presented them but
a few-, hours? before by the • Earl of
Euston, the members of the drill corps
of California Commandery gave an ex
hibition 'drill on the floor of the Me
chanics' Pavilion, last night before the
largest -"audience 'which has crowded
the big building, on a reception night.
The Governor and his staff, in full
uniform, were the chief guests of the
evening. -Escorted by a band of Sir
Knights in' full uniform, they entered
the building and passed through a line
of Templars," who, with drawn swords,
presented" arms, while appropriate
music was played.
In the presence of thousands, among
whom were Governor Pardeeand. his
staff, the California, Commandery No.
1 displayed i the tanner presented to
them by the King of England, through
the Earl: of Euston. * •
Delegation From Bos
ton Gives Parade
of Its Own.
Entertainment and
Bali in the Pa
vilion.
Grand Encampment
Takes Train for
East.
THE EARL. OF EUSTON PRESENTING A- MAGNIFICENT BANNER'TO'CALI
FORNIA COMMANDERY- NO. 1. MEMBERS OF WHICH ACTED AS • HIS
SPECIAL ESCORT DURING THE KNIGHTS TEMPLAR CONCLAVE. ¦ ,
-Many took advantage of the excur
sions to witness the Admission day
celebration in Oakland. The earb*
boats to the pier were crowded and at
noon the Southern Pacific ferry sys
tem had all it could do to handle the
great crowds that awaited transporta
tion to the east side.
It is sufficient to say that the Gov
ernment at Washington is growing par
ticular regarding the location of its
coast batteries and just who shall
know thereof. The ' authorities la
charge of the Department of Califor
nia asked Washington; Washington
was too busy with other matters to
reply and it was concluded by those
in charge of the floating mines of mili
tary knowledge at Lime Point that it
was best for the Knights Temclar to
follow the axiom, "Don't tread on
me," and keep away from the sacred
soil of Fort Baker. The Knights came,
but were forced to disappear almost as
rapidly as the rifled defenders. of Point
Bonita. It was just a fishing excur
sion—that's all.
The California Promotion Committee
had arranged to have their guests
leave the ferry building at 1:30 o'clock
in the afternoon on the regular boat
of the Sausalito line. On the Marin
side it was planned to have the excur
sionists met by a specially chartered
steamer that would carry them to Fort
Baker and the Point. When word
reached the committee that the Gov
ernment authorities had decided not to
allow the excursion to land at the forti
fications the committee immediately
sent word to the several commanderien
that the trip had been called off. All
who applied at headquarters were told
of the change of programme. ' •
Quite a number of Knights and tfleir
families had crossed the bay to Sausa
lito before learning of the decision.
They waited awhile for the special
steamer to show up, and on being in
formed that there would be none, they
spent the afternoon cruising about in
small boats, fishing, enjoying the "cool
shade of the wooded hills and the hos
pitality of the yacht clubs. They were
well pleased, after all, with the after
noon's outing.
Army officers explained that it Is not
customary to allow outsiders to visit
the fortifications about the harbor and
that it Is nothing new to exclude visit
ors therefrom.
"Great guns and little fishes" were
on the programme for the day's enter
tainment on the Marin side of the bay,
arranged* by the California Promotion
Committee, but the great guns proved
to be a masked battery, and the little
fishes came in cans and between small
slices of bread, with French mustard.
Military secrecy, army regulations
and an interruption of communication
with the War Department at Washing
ton put an abrupt end to the advertised
excursion to the fortifications . on the
north shore of the bay. SeveraL hun
dred Knights and. ladles who applied
for transportation went over to Sausa-
Hto in the hope of seeing a battery o£
breech-loading sixteen-inch cannon of
the disappearing kind, but had to con
tent themselves with a short life on
the ocean wave in and about-Richard
son cove and a diet of sandwiches and
cold drinks.
Departures have thinned the ranks of
the Templars and weariness has at last
seized those that remain, so to-day, the
last of the conclave, will be quietly
passed. This morning at 11:50 o'clock
visitors that care to take advantage of
the opportunity may witness the
launching of the United States cruiser
Milwaukee at the Union Iron Works.
All Sir Knights in uniform and their
ladies will be admitted to the Iron
works. This will be the main event
of the day. In the afternoon and even
ing receptions will be held at the head
quarters of the various commanderies
of the California- jurisdiction, by the
ladies' committee at the Palace Hotel
and by California Commandery at Me
chanics' Pavilion and Golden Gate
Commandery at Golden Gate HalL
Yesterday many of the Sir Knights
end their families witnessed the Ad
mission day celebration of the Native
Sons at Oakland. Orders whose prin
ciples and purposes are similar to those
of the Native Sons of the Golden West
are almost unknown in the East.
Yesterday afternoon and last evening
the escort committees of California
Commandery were busy escorting de
parting commanderies to trains and
boats. To-day and to-morrow will wit
ness still more departures and by Mon
day night the last of the delegations
will have started home.
Army Authorities
Prevent Public
Inspection. \
Headquarters Will Be
Scenes of Re
unions.
Fort Baker Is Closed
to Excursion
Visitors Invited to See
Milwaukee Leave
the Ways.
LAUNCHING
IS FEATURE
FOR TO-DAY
BIG CANNON
VIEWED FROM
HARBOR ONLY
K N I G H TS T E M PLA R DEPART AND CONCLAVE NEARS THE END
• •,¦¦.-¦--¦ •- • . -\ •:. ¦¦¦ ¦ . ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ •• . ; ¦ ¦ ¦ - : - ¦¦•« •-: -•,•'¦.-.¦• - •. ¦¦ • ¦
THEJSAN FRANCISCO ;:CALL,^ SATURDAY, 'SEBTEMBER 10, 1904.
* Reception to 'ladies o£ Cali
fornia Xo. ', 1 at
Mechanics'/ Pavilion. ' . : ;
i<? General i reunion , of » members
of Golden •; Gate {- Commandery
• No! 16 at Golden Gate Hall. • ¦
3
FREE. FREE.
PERFUMES.
A 40-cent Bottle .'of
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
' Made in California and con-,
tain the fragrance of California's
fields and forests because they
are
"Perfumes Made Where the
Flowers Grow."
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied ': advertising - page.The 20-footers sailed across the
starting line between two stakeboats
anchored off Powell-street wharf to
and round, the Presidio Shoal buoy
stakeboat and back to the starting
line. .The yawls, and 25-footers con
tinued to and'found the Blossom Rock
stakeboat, thence to and round stake*
boat No. 3, anchored- two- miles due
north, and \ thence back to starting
line. The 30-footers. 36-fodters and
44-footers kept on to and round the
windward mark for the second time
and thence home to the starting line.
Irt the 30 7 foot class W. G. Morrow's
sloop Challenger took first prize; beat
ing Westerfeld & Morrow's :, Aeolus
13:21 actual and 11:40 corrected time.
The- Challenger, however, did 'not
make quite the fastest time over the
course. r This was : made by the sloop
Harpoon, sailed by Fred Russ Cook,
in the 36-foot class. The Harpoon's
time was 26 seconds. faster than' that
of .the "Challenger. The windward
stakeboat not bein* in place when the
30-footers, •:" 36-footers and 44-footers
beat out for the 'second time, v the
ya<*ts rounded. Fort Point buoy.
In the 36-foot class the new Presto;
sailed by . W. F. Stone, took first prize,
beating Harpoon by 2:57 corrected
time, though j Harpoon's actual sail
ing time- was 1:02 faster. The sloops
Emma and Edna did not start.
In the 4 4 -foot class Commodore T.
Jennings' sloop Speedwell won first
prize, beating! Nixie . by 58 seconds
corrected time, though Nixie's actual
sairtng time was 1:15 faster. '
The judges and others went around
the course in the committee boat
Sunol. The sloop Emilie was stake
boat two miles due north of the Bios*
som Rock stakeboat. The following
were the officials in charge of the re
gatta: Aljen M. Clay, referee; R. C.
Ward and S. E. Smith, judges; P. J.
Weniger and R; R. THommedieu.
timers. ) s^ v ': -Ik::-'.
As it was an- ebb . tide the mosquito
fleet had no difficulty in 1 getting across
the starting line. Of the six boats en*
tered in the 20-foot special class the
sloop Mistral and the yawl Witch did
not start. The sloop Vixen took first
prize, beating the yawi Klttiwake by
8 minutes 22 seconds actual-time and
by 13 minutes: 3 seconds corrected
time. , - : - '>: . f: '¦¦;' ¦'¦ ' - .. '
The yawls in the ! special class and
the 25-footers sailed over the -whole
course, reckoned, at ten nautical miles.
In the 2 5-foot. class flrst^place was
won by the sloop Ruby, ¦ which beat
the Discovery by 1:08 actual and 6:22
corrected time. The yawl Iola won
first prize iri her class*,' beating the
yawl-Nereid by nearly 40 minutes cor
rected time. ; • . .-'.; -¦,¦;.
The ninth annual regatta of the
Pacific .•• Inter T club7>.Tacht Association
was sailed yesterday "over ; the usual
channel course, .under favorablei' cir- ;
cumstances, "there being \a good breeze
and ; smooth .water. f^'/.-':-^ : "j.''.''' '
IhterclubYaclit Association;
Kegatta Furnishes Some
Very Interesting Eaces
LOLA OUTSAILS NEEEID
Covers Course 26 Seconds
Faster Than X^nalLehg^iv
Wliicli^ihs 30-Foot Class
HARPOON MAKES
FASTEST TIME
High water larg" at 11:15 a. m.' t low water large at 4:50 p. m.. at North Beach.
REDDING, Sept 9.— f J. ¦ F. Morley,
the Deputy. Sheriff at Bisson who was
charged with vagrancy by the sport
ing, element of Lumber.- a nearby
town, alter he had 1 tried " to' run : two
of the crowd ' out*, of ' town," was con
victed yesterday- ;at -Yreka. Morley
declares.' that he will take , tbe .cause
up to the higher court and fight it to
the . bitter end. " / i- : :, .
Deputy Sheriff a Vagrant.
Ransch . Riding Winners.
¦PARIB, Sept.- •.-r-W. K., Vanderbilfs
Pateola, .with Ransch up, '? won the
Prix de Verriwi . to-day at .the Malson
La Fille races. , WESBSBSESSA
Rain Prevente Harness Races.
HARTFjORD, Conn., -Sept. 9.^— Last
night's storm compelled the postpone
ment of to-day's Grand Circuit : har
n«ea rac««. - :-¦.'. ¦ ; . , ;. •¦'¦¦¦¦:.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept.' 9.— Many
members of the San -Rafael Golf Club
with their ruests visited the Happy
Valley links to-day to. witness the play
for the Council's Cup. The weather
was warm, but some rood scores were
made. Only the first round was com
pleted. Following are the scores: R.
J. Davis beat W. J. Casey, 3 up *and 1
to play; A. S. Lllley'beat G. Sutrb, S
up and 4 to play; E. J. Hooper beat
C. Curtis, 1 up. F. D. . Madison and
C Belden were entered; .but idid .not
play. Tbe finals will be pl«ped on
d.-^J|^^K. T9BSl^BMBBHiSSsS9tf^Hb^^U^B^^M^^Ha^
mr-t i if
Golf at Sau -Rafael.
NEW YORK, •; Sept. 9.~Imp6rtant
additions to his .thoroughbred estab
lishment have been made ' by. Richard
Croker, ; says • a Herald % dispatch* from
London.'' At the Doncaster: sales > he
purchased" for $10,500 a ." half j brother
to Wild Flower.by St.,Slmori. He
outbid Lord Marcus Beresford for the
great filly. Game Chick, paying
$18,700. '.-•*•• '
Croker Buys Filly Game Chick.
BALTIMORE; Sept 9.— Ex-Senator
Henry. G- Davis arrived here to-day
and was 1n conference with • Senator
Gorman. ' The nature of the con
ference , has -not been divulged. Dur
ing the. day . a number of Maryland
Democratic leaders called to pay. their
respects' to JDavis. ". ¦'.;¦
Henry G. Davis Pays Visit to Balti
more on Campaign . Business.
CONFERS WITH GORMAN.
in 1:29*4
PRINCE ALERT'S 5IILE BREAKS
THE WORLD'S PACING RECORD
Famous Side-Wheeler Clips a Quarter
of a Second Off the Best
Previous Time, -.
SYRACUSE. Sept. 9. — Prince Alert
to-day broke the pacing record for
geldings, going the mile at the State
fair track in 1:59%, which beats the
record by one-quarter" of a second.
The first quarter was made in :29%,,
the half in :59 and the three-quarters
PORTLAND, . Sept. 9.— Irvlngton racing
summary: . , , ' •
.Five furlongs, selling— Riceful won, Scherto
second, Roseleaf third. Tinas," 1:03. •..
Five and a half furlongs, ¦ selling — Oscar
Tolls won. Frlelein second. Myrtle H third.
Time, ltOttii. .
Seven furlongs, - selling — Ulloa won,' Lady
Rice second, Cathello third. 'Time, 1 :28%. ¦ ¦
Six -furlongs. selling—Doublet. . won, : Sir
Dougal second. Military tbir"d. Time, 1:15%.
Mile and fifty yards, selling — Frank Pearce
won. Dug Martin • second, Henry •" Clay ; Rye
third. Time, l:46>4.'. . \ • .
Mile, selling — El Piloto won, Leash second,
Colonel Van. third. Time,. 1:41.
Portland Racing Results.
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race—^Hitchcock entry. Caller,
Lavator.
Second race— Jocund, Reliable,
Shot Gun.
Third race — Dandelion, Candida.
Burnt Hills.
Fourth race — Stalwart, Broomsftick,
Ormonde's Right.
Fifth race — Paget entry. Belle DIx
on. Kins Cole,
Sixth race — Prince Chlngr, Sheriff
Bell. Ijeader.
Condition of the track — Fast.
EHEEPSIIEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean:—'
First race^ — Determination, Durbar,
Singing Master.
Second race — Kurtimann, .The Mist,
Belle Kinney. • .. _....- ¦
Third race— The Lady, Port Royal,
Bragg. ¦' ' '¦
' Fourth race — Sweetie','. Robin Hood,
Mad Mullah.
" Fifth race- — Don Domo, Blsr Ben,
Nannie Hodge; _ >
Sixth race— Girdlestone,. Green
Rose. The Gadfly. ; , .
Seventh race — Celebration, Dr.
Stephens. Telephone." -
Condition of the track — Fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
Democratic managers have begun a
series of conferences which they hope
will "prevent a fight in.the State Con
vention. They feel that they cannot
afford another contest .between Tam
many and the Hill forces in this State,
and nothing will be left undone . to
bring about harmony. The managers
realize the importance, above every
thing else, of bringing Tammany into
line and Charles F. Murphy will be a
prominent figure In ah the harmony
talk. No candidate will be decided
upon who is not acceptable to Tam
many as well as to the rural Demo
cratic leaders. It Is believed the choice
will lie between E. M. Shepard, Dis^
trict Attorney Jerome and Grout.
When Tammany started to pick a
candidate for Governor it is said that
consideration .was being given to Con
troller Edward M. Grout.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9— Both Demo
crats and -Republicans are still at sea
concerning a selection of candidates
for Governor. It = was reported to-day
that a telegram had been sent to Gov
ernor Odell by Henry W. Taft in which
the latter decided that he could not be
a candidate for Governor and it wa3
added that the choice of Odell had now
fallen upon Hamilton Fish of Putnam.
On the other hand it Is said that Tam
many Hall to-day got news that Gov
ernor Odell would eventually yield • *o
Timothy L. Woodruff and Woodruff
would be the Republican candidate lor
Governor.
NEW YORK REPUBLICANS
AND DEMOCRATS AT SEA
Neither Party Has Yet Decided Upon
:V>; a Candidate for Governor at
the Com ins: Election.
First race— Felix Mozzes, Ix>ok
away, 31uscovoin
' Second race^— My Eleanor, De
Grammont, Jack: Moran.
Third race— John Doyle, Jjemon
Girl, Triple Silver. |
Fourth race — Jack Young, Just go,
Taby Tosa. .. -
Fifth race — Loretta SI, Fruit, Ar
leiia. .
Sixth race — Neversuch, Miss Eon,
Iras.
Seventh race — Lady Vashti, Pour
quol Pas, King Rose. ¦; :.
Condition of the track — Fast.
DEL.MAR SELECTIONS.
Seventh race, six and a' half furlongS, selling
— King Row 111. Pierce J 108. Seotch Dance
307. Miss Manners 107, Crime 107. Tangible
107, Thisbe 105. Lady Vashtt 105. Pourquol Pas
104, Bengal 100.
Sixth race, one and three sixteenth miles,
celling— Iras 305. N'eversuch 101. Miss Eon 100,
Lubin 93, Mainspring 98, Sanctlssima 95, Jol
lier 90. .
¦fourth race, one and. an eighth • miles, han
dicjj>-^Jack Yogng 10J*i Taby Tosa 100, Just
Po 1$, Pathos S6. '
' Firth race,' six ' furlongs purse — Loretta M
167, 'Fruit 97, Layson »5, Arlena 92.
ST. T.OUIS, Sept. 9. — The entries for
lo-morrow's races follow:
Flr*t race, fix furlongs, maiden;*— Bel -Coeur
107. Felix Mozzes 107, Yellow Hammer 107.
Gene Ilandlan 107, Pathmaster 107, Codex 104.
Maid of the Order 104. Fieri 104, Muscovolr
10*. Tom Rowe 104", Lookaway 104, Fannette
Second race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Kduardo lots, De.-Grammont 106. Jack Moran
10.J, Mellwood 103, "My Eleanor 101, Annisquam
loL Fred Priesmeyer 101, Ccurant 100, Pre
vnitatlve 98. Leila Hunter 9S Joe Graham U8,
Pique f>5. »
: Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Jack Little- 103. Lyrirt 103, Athena 102,
JCingrn Charm 102. John Doyle 101, Triple Sil
ver lol. 'Lemon Girl »3.
DELMAR .ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and up: jj ¦ .
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
2tol— Varro, 104 <\V. Dugan).. 3 13 11%
fl to 1— 'Bugle Horn. 92 (Rice) . . 5 3 1 2 4
25 to 1— Dawson. 97 (Mctfullen).. 7 2% 3n
Time, 1:49%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. G. W. Millers ch. g. (6) by Hardee-Julia
Mapee. Mainspring 105, Check Morgan 92,
Getchell 92. Light Opera 107. Metlakatla 97.
finished as named. 'Bugle Hern disqualified
for fouling. Mainspring placed third.
FIFTH RACE— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.-
Even— The Regent. 106 (Dugan) 2 12 1-1%
2 to 1 — Anne Davis." 96 (Austin) 3 2 15 2 15
40 to 1— Glennevis. 114 (Bridwell) 4 3 2 3 ns
Time, 1:4614. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. M. Goldblatt's b. g. (6) by Domino-
Royal Gem. Lacy Crawford 106 also ran.
1 * • - * , ' ¦ '• '•'-,? ¦ '-
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fln.~
eto6 — Ice Water. 108 (Austin). 1 .12 11 -
8 to 5— Commodore, 117 (Anrln-n) 2. 23.22"
10 to 1— Allen Avon. 8S(Perrine). 4 3 ns 3 7
Time, 1:14H- Start . good. Won driving.
Winner. T. H. Hayes & Co.'s ch. m. (5) by
Watercress-SuscoL '. Responsive 88 also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile and twenty yards;
three-year-old* and up:
Betting. .JJoree. Weight, Jockey. St.. % Fin.
2 to 1— Bfei-klylte. 107 (W.Dugn) 2X6 13
6 to 2— Avoid. 107 (D. Austin). 4 2 8 2 4
17 to 1 — Amorous. 107 (Perrlne). 13 4 3 4
Tim« 1:44. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. P. Fine's b. g. (6) by Star Ruby-
Hlnda Dwyer. Bting 102. John II 97, Ivernia
102 finished, as named. , - .
BEJCOND RACE— F!v« furlongs; two-year
olds: . ¦ - ¦
BetUng. Hone. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
ETen— The Cook. 107 (H.Andsn) 4-4l.l«
7 to lf-ViollnlOO (D. AusUn).. 8 5 3 2 h .
4 to 1— Alice Platt. 104 Dugan). 5 2 2 B H
Time. 1:03^. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. J. C. Milam & Co.'* b. f. by Dr. Mc-
Brlde-The -Sweeper. -Edith May -100, Auro
celver 104, Lady Moneuee 107, Annabelle Lee
107, finished as named.
FIRST RACB— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-old* and up:
Betting. Horse. \Welght. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— F. Wliloughby.106 (Dgn) « 4 6 ' 1 nk
6 to 1— Tryon. S3 (H. Anderson) 8 16 2 8
15 to 1— Pep. Dick. 101 (Qllmre) 8 2 3 3 6
Time 1M«, start good: Won driving. Win
ner. W. F. Bchulte** b. m. (*) by. FlorUt-
Fannle Wllloughby. Trojan 94 George Vivian
»9. Bister Ullian 99. Tony Lepplng ,9*. Baster
Walters 89, Golden Light 99. Eocryst 99. Kll
moncllff 102. finished as "named.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 9.— Tee Water, final
ly found : 'a - field ; in - .which." «he could
win to-day at DeLman • The : Hayes
mare beat, the gate and was never
headed. Favorites had' a field day and
the books were hard hit. Weather
clear; track- fast Attendance, 4000.
Summary: . ' •" .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
. Sixth race, one and an eighth miles on turf,"
handicap, three- year- old* and vt>. $1200 added
— Leader 126. Sheriff Boll 119, Eagle 1}9 g - o
rorna Belle 114. Princ* Ching ill. Ed Tierney
408 Flexion 106.
- Fifth cace. five and a half furlongs, selling,
Futurity course, SJOOO added, two-year-olds —
Belligerent 107. Escutcheon J07, VWalia 104,
Istria 104. Teacress 105 Goldcroft 103, Sir
Brillar 501. Workman 100. Bank 100. Eelle
Dison 93. Jerry C P9, Charadella 99, Niblick
pi* R L. Johnson 97. Whiteitone 97. Applaud
83. King Co!e 92. (Sir Brillar an* Belle Dlxefn'"
National entry; Teacress and Goldcroft. Paget
•ntr>'-) v '¦'¦"
Third race, tbe Great Eastern handicap, six
furlongs. Futurity course. two-year-olds,
f7«>00— Tradition 128. Oineau 127, 8t. Bellane
117 Broadcloth. 115 Hot Shot 114. Wild Mint
114. Jack Lory 113, Burnt Hills 113, Tongor
der 111. Chrj'sltls 110, Eandrla (formerly
Cricket) 109, Candida 10S, Merry Lark 107.
Buttling 106, Dandelion 103. Maximilian 90.
and Tongorder. I'aget entry.) -
Fourth race, the Annual Champion, $25,000.
two and a quarter miles, three-year-olds antT
up — Major Dalngerficia 127, Africander 127.
Stalwart US, Erocrrsfacx 107, Graziallo 102.
Ormonde's Ricbt 102. :"»"'
Second race six furlongs on main track, all
ages fl200 added— Reliable 140. Lady Amelia
130, £hotgun 123, CastaHan 115. Flying Ship
115 Jocund 111 Eais 111. Gold Saint 106,
Topic 106, Raben'stein 103. Toi San 103, Coun
cilman 103. Jack Lory. 103. King Cole 93. Sir
Bnllar 83. Teacress 90. Heart's Desire 90, Miss
Jordan 90 Handzarra 90. (Reliable and Lady
Amelia. Tbcmas entry; ileart's Desire and
Rabenstein, Duryea entrr^l
SHEEPSHEAD BAY. Sept. 9.— The
fields for to-morrow's races are all
large and high class. The entries:.
First race. Westbury steeplechase. Futurity
course four-year-olds and up — Fox Hunt»r
162. Lavator 162 Caller 160. Zinzibar 100.
Good and Plenty 158. Amur 148. The Ragged
Cavalier 147 Bonfire 140, Daffo Down Dilly
1S7. <Fox Hunicr and Cood and Plenty,
H'.tchco<"k entry; Lavator and Amur, Colt
entry; Caller and Ditto Down Dilly. Widener
entry.)
Sni^EPSiniiD BAY ENTRIES.
FOURTH RACE. — One and an eighth mile*;
The Omnium handicap; for 3-year-o!ds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. Kt. ?« Fin.
5 to 1— Colonial Girl. 107 <DavifO 1 1 h I s *
15 to 1— Hurst bourne. 116 (Martin) 2 2h 214
j» to 2— V 5? pankcr.HC (Travers) 4 4 ix 3 h
Time, 1 .13 3-5. .^tart l>oor. Won easily.
Winner C E. Rowe's b m. by Meddlor-Ppring
tlde. McClicsney, Dainty. Ostrich, Proper,
Guafire. tiniehed as named. 4
FIFTH RACE. — One and a quarter -miles;
selling; for thrw-yar-olds and up: -
Betting. Horse. W^ijtht. Jockey. St." -, t ' Fin.
4 to 1— F-agle. 1C1 <W. Davis) 12113
3 to 1— The Southerner.07 <Hldba> 6 «ti !',
4 to i — Aurumaster, 103 <Crim.). 1 <3 3b
Time 2:U7. Ftart fair.: Won easily. Win
»er/ Psichogut" stable's ch. S. by Bathamp
ton-Trouha. Keynote. Reqwiter. Garnish. Gold
Doraf. Stonewall. Pasfbook, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
purse; tor three-y^ar-olds snd up: . <
Eettmg. Horso. Wfight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
6 to 1 — Stolen Moments. 1US< Da visO 3 2 l f ,jl'*i
7 to 1— Prince Chin?, M5 (Burns). 6 3 '4 23
Even — Sidney C. Lovr.lOMHlbd) 5 11 3 10
Time. 1:47 1-5. .Start eood. Won ridden
cut. Winner. Mrs. L. Curtis' br. f. by King-
Bton-Cerito. >.>»? York. Incubator, /Lord Ad
vocate. Schoolmaster, finished as named.-
SECOND RACE— One mile; for all ages:
Bemk^ilOTM. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to &-Ormcn4e!« Rijrtit. Ill (Lne)2 2 1«,1 2'i
6 to 6— Wild Tbyme, 108 (JMartn) 3 3 1 2 1"
6 to 1 — Ancestor. J»7 <Ii.iJdebran<i) 4 12 J >*>
Tlaie 1:40. Start cood. Won driving. «ln
r( ,< g paget's ch. c by Ormonde- Right. Sir
Lynnewood and Lord Melbourne finished as
Baaed.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; the
GckKn Rod; fcr two-year-olds: -
Betting. Horse. WeipM. Jockey. St. «« Fin.
IS to £0— Olseau, 115 <Lyne) 2 lh 1 •*
30 to 1— Pasadena. JJ5 tliildeba) 3 ¦> , - lu
17 to 10— WatorFice. 115 (O'Nril) 1 2 2'i-i
Timo 1 '19 4-B. Start pood. on driving.
Winner. J. G. Green-.rs ca. c. by Ornus-K.luy
Gunn. Three starters.
Two short heads etood between Miss
Modesty and the winning post. Miss
Modesty's headstalls slipped during the
race and. her rider was handicapped.
Brush Up won, with Hilderbrand rid
ing. Fleur de Marie. Cochran up, ran
an erratic course, finally finishing sec
ond, with Miss Modesty third. Sum
mary:
FIRST RA.CD— Five and a half furlongs for
t*r>-rear-old fillies; ••Ulng: - J ;
Brtttag. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
X to 1— Brush Up. 104 (Hildebrd) 4 1 \% 1 h
13 to 6— Flcur fie ilarie. 104 (HCo) 7 3 y% 2 h
7tol— Mtss Modesty. 94 (Crlms) 1 2n _3 %
Time. 1 :C5 8-5. Start fair. Won driving.
WSnaer J. J. Roger's b. f. by Ben Brush-
Miss Landanan Delusion. Raiment. Black
Cat. Flanders. Star Lilly, Cotillion. Sparkling.
BieQue. Ajrnes Virginia, ken, Rosemary Kane.
Princess Eros. Cbarlie's Aunt finished as
named.
SHEEPSHEAD BAT, Sept. 9.— The
Omnium handicap at nine furlongs was
won to-day by Colonial Girl, the five
year-old daughter of Meddler, which
defeated Hermis in the World's Fair
handicap at St. Louis. As an evidence
of how slowly the field covered the first
half-mile, it may be mentioned that
McCtiesney, although left at the post,
joined the other horses on the back
etretcli. The fractional time of the first
dx furlongs was as follows: Furlong,
0:13; Quarter, 0:26; three furlongs,
0:£8 4-S; half. 0:51; five furlongs,
1:03 J-6; six furlongs, 1:16 1-5; full dis
tance, nine furlongs, 1:6S 8-5. or but
little better than a good selling plater s
performance.
The ring wu saved a hard blow
when Mlsa Modesty ran third Instead
of first In the opening event. The filly
is owned br Albert Simons. She was
formerly owned by L. V. BelL The
average opening betting against her
mt&b 15 to 1 and If she could have won
a fortune would have been captured by
come bettors.
Epeclal Dispatch to Tie Call.
¦ Seventh race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing — Telephone 94, I Dungannon 96, Bluemlnt
98. Sarilla 98. Dr. Stephens 101. Juvenalls
101 , Benson Caldwell J03, . Farmer Jim 107,
Celebration 112.
Sixth race, five furlongs, selling— Green Rose
95. North Enid 95. Madge Wylde 96, Raining
Leaves 100, Ravi aha 100, Judge S&ufley 100,
De&hon 100, Gallant Cassie 103, " Lieutenant
Rice 104. The Gadfly 106, Voltrlce 107. Janeta
107, Girdlestone 107. Lawler 108, Silverskln
109.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Silent
Water 98, Jehane 98. Mad Mullah 94, Com
rade 95, AUista 101, Robin Hood 103, Sweetie
104, Kmperor of India 114.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse — Foxy Grand
ma 77 Nannie Hodge 95, Don 'Domo 95, Gyp
rene 101, Stroller 106. Federal 106, Big Ben
111.
CHICAGO, Sept. 9. — The entries for
to-morrow's races follow:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Fly Lady
R9, Ghats 89. Durbar 89, Determination • 94,
Fcxmead 94, Jusque La 95, Singing Master 97,
Fortuny 98, Sjambok 105.
' Second ' race, five furlongs, purse — La Londe
97, Doc Wallace 100 Free Field Count 100,
Matador 100, One Way 10O.»Belle Klnney 102,
Florentine 105, The Mist 107, Kurtzman 110.
Third one and an eighth miles, Te
cumseh Handicap, $2000 added — Brancas 98,
Nitrate 102. Fonsoluca 102, The Lady 103,
Bragg 107, Judge Hlmes 110, Major Manslr
110. Port Royal 112.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
SEVENTH RACE— One mile; three-year
olds; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 5 — Norel, 96 (Lewis) 10 22 1(4
30 to 1— Lissardo. 93 (Wiley) . 3 lh 25
5 to 1— Sweet Tone, 97 (Aubuch) 5 3 1 3 4
Time, 1:41. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, E. Corrlgan's b. g. by Joe Norwood-Lady
Nell. Soldier of Fortune 94. Lida Lieb 91,
La Chaperone 96, Artiflce 91. My . Jane 91.
Arab 97, Annora J 96, Thank Haven 100, fin
ished as named. Chockayotte 98, fell.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three- veaf-olda;
selling:
Betting. Horce, Weieht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Xew Mown Hay,113(Prior) 2 4 2^1 n
9 to 5 — Brand New, 97(Aubuchon) 4 3 h 2 2^4
6 to 1— King Ellsworth, lOO(Mdnt) 8 2 1 3 n
Time, 1:40 2-3. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, C. E. DurDell'* b. f. by "Ben Brush -
Red Clover. Ebony 06. San Remo 99. Atlantlco
104. Dragoon 106, Voila 100, R. T. Williams 94,
tlniFhed as named. - ••...-
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
ttvo-year-olds; purse: I . ¦ ,
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
11 to Si*— Subtle, 105- (Aubuchon). 2 2h 11%
6 to 1— Peckersall. 98 (Robbtnft) 1 4 4 2 3
40 to 1— McCloiian, 100 (Henry). 6 6 3 4
Time. 1 :06 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. S Street & Co.'s. h. t. by Ben
Strome-Croftie. El Otros lav J. B. Smith 98,
Prince Brutus 98, nni?hed as named.
FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to .%— Rag Tag, 107 (Mountain) 6 3 2 1 n
4 to 1— Red Raven, 89 (Seamster) 3 4 h 2 2#
12 to 1— Jim Hale. 100 (Lar«en)... 4 6 3 2Vi
Time. 1:2ft. Start good. -Won handily. Win
ner, J. Curl's b. h. (5) by Margrove-Regalla.
Bay Wonder 99. - Cardinal Wolsey 106, Anna
Bcall 100, finished as named. *
THIRD RACE — One -mile; three-year-olds
and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. ¦'% Fin.
13 to 10— Dalvay. 100 <NlcoI) 1 2 1%1 2
13 to 2— Wainamoinen. 99 (Aubn) 5 1 1 2 1H
11 to 2— Gregor K.102 (Mclntyre) 4 4 1 3 n
Time. 1 :39. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. H. Tlchenor & Co.'s. ch. g. (3) by
The Commoner-Levlasa. Leila 89, Alma Du
four 92, finished an named.
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase, short course;
three-year-olds and up; handicap: . ¦ \
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Lingo. 132 tRIce) .. 3 16 12
11 to 6— Golden Link.160 (Pmbtn) 5 320 23
7 to 2— fchwarzald, 132 (Gntlnd) 2 2 1 3 8
Time, 3:30. Start good. Won handily. Win^
ner, E. Trotter'e b. m. (5) by Henry Toung-
Llneage. 'Allegiance M27, Class Leader 132,
G alba 137, finished .as named. (Laura. K 125,
threw rider; Jack- Doyle 133, fell.)
CHICAGO,. Sept. 9.— Dalvay, the 13 to
10 favorite, backed down : from 7 to B,
won the third events a mile dash, which
was "the feature of to-day's card at
Harlem, in a ; common ' gallop. Dalvay
simply on Walnamoirien, the
pace-maker, to. the stretch and (hen
ran over her. Once in front: she had
things all her o*in way, winning by
three lengths from' . Wainamolnen,
which beat Gregor K by a length and
a half for the place. The time, 1:39,
was exceedingly fast. ' V •. , •
". Lingo equaled 'the track record at*
S:SO flat over the short course steeple
chase, ' second on the card, , when ' she
won handily. by two . lengths from the
favorite and heavily weighted Golden
Link.
The track was lightning fast, weath-.
er clear and warm and attendance
above the usual Friday average. Sum
mary: A.. .'.'..,.. J;: ,
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-old
fillies; -Duree: '
Betting. Honse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to. 1— Cutter, 105(Nlcol). 6 32 1 1H
4 to 1— The Novice. 98 (Feicht).. 5 4 n 2 V,
20 to I— Kate Zltt. 98 (Knapp)... 1 2%;3 4
Time,- 1:00 2-6. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. A. Wernberg*B br. f. by Kothen-
Kenmore Queen. Seasick 96, Intense 110. Re
gale »8, Mary Eleanor 103, Dart 93. La Londe
110, Broadway Girl 110. Harum-Scarum 98,
Torpedo 104, Sixs Lee 98, finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ice Water Beats the Oate
at'Delmarand^Ls Never
Headed* /
Dalvay Takes the: Harlem
in a Commonv
¦" • [^. '• Gallop.
Defeat of Miss Modesty Saves
a Fortune for the Book
makers.
OMNIUM STAKES FOR COLONIAL GIRL
IN SLOW TIME AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY
', :A raaflj^heyers realises .-'hbw-. high a
fence - he can -jump ' until * he * is badly
scared. "' "¦ " ' \ftk\j i IH IWIHW^IHii
LONDON, ? Sept. 9.-^lr ' v
lipton)leaves ', England the end of Sep
tember for ] St. - Louis,': where ; he "prob
ably- will ;be \" the \ guest ", of ; David «R.
Francis,: 5 president ? of j exposition.
Upton to Visit Fair.
Little Girl Run Over.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— Gladys M.
Kennedy, 10. years old, residing at
2033 Adeline street, was run over and
badly . cut and bruised this afternoon
at Fifteenth street and San Pablo ave
nue by "a horse and buggy. George
Schultz, . 1068 Fourteenth street, was
the driver. He said the child ran In
front of the. horse before he had time
to pull up. The girl was taken to her
home. jlJSgJlBSBB " " EkHBBHHBB£(
Harry ' Forbes ' Defeats 3Iagovray.
DENVER, Sept. 9.~Harry Forbes
of Chicago won ' from .Mike Magovray
of r Leadville In . the eighth round to
ni in iji iiiiHii^nr'iiw'iH'iiiwiiiiiiiiLSiJ
When a man gets too forward he is
apt to be given" a setback. : •
STEAMSHIP RED BLUFF >
IS AT BOTTOM OF ' RIVER
Well Known Craft Sinks Near Butte
SACRAMENTO, Sept. . 9.-— Word was
received , here- late to-nlght\ of .the
sinking of the steamer Red Bluff near
Butte City. The steamer is the prop
erty of the Sacramento Transportation
Company- and - has been engaged in
river traffic for many years. No flvea
were lost. The cause of ' the loss of
the vessel Is not known.
OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The following
letter of thanks : has j been received, by
George' K. Smith, grand marshal of
the Labor day parade: ' , :
'< George K. SmlUO ' Grand Marshal " Labor
Day Parade— Dear Sir:: In behalf- of the Oak
land Transit Consolidated and Its patrons, the
publl c, I beg to tender to you * and your aids
my hearty congratulations and sincere thanks
for the skillful manner. In which- you •¦ han
dled your parade. • the route ¦ followed s giving
us such an excellent opportun:ty to continue
our • system with uninterruDted schedules. .- .
-The . thoughtfulness manifested \ by * you in
this reapect Is heartily eppreclated. Very. truly
y ° U OAKLAND TRANSIT. CONSOUDATEHJ.
-. :¦-, J. £ P. POTTER. : ; Superintendent.
Company Thanks Grand Alarshal.
Declines to Explain Letter In Which
She Intimated Her Intention oX
Jumping: Over Nlagarai
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— Mrs. Hen
rietta Davidson, a wealthy widow. :<>f
this city, who disappeared last Monday
from the home of friends whom shfe
was . visiting in Buffalo, has returned
to her home. When she vanished in
Buffalo a letter was found which led
to the belief that she had jumped ove*
i Niagara Falls and search had beea
under way In the hope of recovering
her body. The woman refused to eit*
plain her mysterious letter.
WEALTHY NEW YORK WIDOW
WHO DISAPPEARS, RETURNS
POMEBOY, Ohio, Sept. 9. — Two
youthful strangers entered the County
Treasurer's office here to-day, covered
Treasurer Chase with . revolvers, and
after securing $14,000, locked Chase in
the vault . and made their escape.
Chase was locked in nearly three
hours before he - was found and re
leased. . .
Safe and Escape.
After Securing'. Loot Youthful Out
. laws Lock Official in His Empty
OHIO COUNTY TREASURER
ROBBED OF $14,000
BUTTE. Mont.. Sept. 9. — A Miner
special from Kalispell, Mont., says:
Three men answering the descrip
tion of the men who held up and
robbed a saloon at Newport, Idaho
recently, have been arrested here. Two*
of the men have been identified by
Sheriff Whitney of Rathdrum, who
came after the men. They give the
names of Hoffman and McKeon and
say they are traveling agents of a Se
attle paper. The other man was re
leased. Hoffman and McKeon were
taken back to Idaho by the Sheriff.
Prisoners, Who Have Been Identified,
Claim to Be Traveling Agents
for Seattle Paper.
PAIR OF HOLD-UP MEN ¦
ARRESTED IN MONTANA
Investigations led to the belief, that
the i foundation of the monument
might have been undermined by the
digging of a grave nearby and two of
the grave-diggers weYe arrested.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. — While kneel
ing beside a grave in Washington
Cemetery, at Gravescnd, Yetta Belko
witz, 18 years old, has been crushed
to death by the family monument, a
heavy granite . shaft, which toppled
over.
Granltb Shaft Falls Upon 18- Year-Old
Girl in Washington Cemetery
at Gravescnd.
CRUSHED • TO DEATH WHILE
KNEELING BESIDE GRAVE
BERKELEY,; Sept. 9.—Anti-com
pulsory vaccination in Berkeley is to
be helped along by the women op r
posed to the measure, as well as by
the men. Ten of them were appoint
ed at a meeting of the Anti-Compul
sory League last night ¦ in Golden
Sheaf Hall, with the understanding
that they will make a house to house
canvass of the city for funds to prose
cute the campaign throughout., the
State for the repeal of the State law
making vaccination, obligatory. These
women are Mrs. . H. M. Fuller, Mrs. D.
H. Babbitt, Miss C. Cameron, '¦ Mrs.
Ada Brown, Mrs. Louis I Moller, Miss
Stewart Barker, Mrs. G. F. Hugheon.
Mrs.~tE.-J. Livingston, Miss M. A. W.
Wallace and Mrs. -Carrie Baxley.
¦ With the ' assistance of the iwomen
the anti-vaccinationists hope to raise
J6000 in Alameda County., This
money they propose to spend in work
ing up a public , sentiment ;. against
compulsory vaccination, so that : the
next Legislature may be .prevailed
upon '. by . a great show of strength to
repeal the obnoxious law. The com
mittee of publicity consists of Dr. W.
W. Allen, J. A. Wilson, W. T. Baxley,
Mrs. Elizabeth Isgrigg and C. F.' Van
Luven.
Look to Fair Sex to Help Raise Money
; , to Secure Repeal. of Ob
noxious L»a\v.
thawing any possible frigidity out of
the atmosphere, exhibitors and specta
tors mingling freely.
Charles K. Harley's imported fox ter
rier, Champion Wandee Coast Guard,
which was bred by the Duchess of
Newcastle, was declared the best dog
in the show by a jury made up of the
judges. This is his fifth successive
victory for this high honor, having
won it previouslyin this city, Portland,
San Jose • and Oakland, under various
judges. -
The prize for the best American-tired
dog in the show was won by. Hi M.
Papst's pointer, Topnotch Mason's
King, a cleancut, sporty-looking dog.
James Sweeney won the special for
the best dog owned in San^Mateo
County with the greyhound McVey.
The competition in this class was keen.
The- judges, were: .
Joseph E. Cutten-Ast. Bernards. George A:
Cranfleld — All hounds except dachshunds • poo
dles, beagles, Irish,' black and tan and /York
shire f terriers. - William E. • Chute— Pointers,
Irish and Gordon setters,- collies, bulldogs
and Boston terriers. N. H. HIckman— Fox
terriers.' - Philip M. Wand— English setters.
John Bradshaw — All other breeds. .
; The success of the "show' was due to
the energetic work of the committee
made up < of Philip C. Meyer, Richard
H. : Rountree and Irving : C. Ackerman.
It will undoubtedly ' be an annual fix
ture'hereafter. .
The ! valuable ' cups offered as special
prizes were won as follows:
* Best* dog, in the show— C. K. Harley'«- fox
terrier Wandee . Coastguard.
-Best collie in the show— W. P. Burnham's i
Brandane Dollle. '- .. • ... . - .
, Best bull terrier— Athole McBean's Champion
Banjo. .*¦-..;•¦-.¦. ¦ " ;-. ... ;( . ' ; N .: : ¦ ¦..-....
Best fox terrier, , smooth coat or wire — Wan
dec ; kennel's , Champion Wandee Coastguard;
Wandee \ kennel's Champion Wandee Lucretia
¦r i mill "iT^iri;i|~i/^^Tifin^mjj%jpaafg|hr- . ¦
¦ Best St. Bernard • In the show— Mrs. ¦ Charles
Newman's ¦ Champion Lester C
'-"Best .American bred'; dog — H. : M. Papst's
pointer Top 'Notch -Mason's King. '
¦¦¦¦¦ Best Great Dane — Mrs. C. G. Saxe's Princess
Harlequin. ... . . . - ,
-• Best : dog. owned In San Mateo County
James . Sweeney's . greyhound ' McVey ; Mrs. • P."
C: Meyer's '• Boston terrier - Men wood . Enchant
r«ss second. .-- :U." ¦- .:-: , ; ¦¦¦¦-.-
Best- aetter^of any variety In ', the show—
J. •• M. '• Golobeck's , champion •¦ Cato -• Jr. ' '•
Best - pointer— H. M. Papst's Top ' Notch Ma
son's .King. • • . :
*: The winner* • for . .' the best * In v each
breed are as follows:
Rough T coated ; St. : Bernards : '¦'. Dog*— Mrs.
Charlea Newman's Champion Lester' C first;
6 J. Ackerman's Glen wood Boose, second.
Bitches — Mr*.' F.< F. Lueck'a Cascade. • -
¦ Mastiffs — Margaret Nichols* Dan.
* Newfoundlands — 8. R. Calvin's I Frank. -
•¦ Great , Danes — Mrs. L. , 8. Adams' Rupert of
Hentzau . first; S J. -, L. - Cunningham's • Cunning
ham' a s Carlotta reserve. '- » *_: ' -¦"• - ¦ " * ;, - -. n"
•' Griyhounds— 'James Sweeney's ' MoVey first;
J.t H.'* Rossetfl's > Reman 5 Athlete . second. > v ¦;- -¦
ANTI-VACCINATIONISTS
SELECT WOMEN - WORKERS
NINTH ANNUAL REGATTA OF THE PACIFIC INTER-CLUB TACHT ASSOCIATION.
/ . SEPTEMBER 9. 1904.
Flora Free beat Concord Boy 14-9: Manro
beat Reckless Rose, tt-2; The Vilfaln beat Med
dlesome. 7-5; Good as Gold beat Red Hot.
5-0; Cavaletto beat Mollie Mo. 3-0; Sunny
South beat Aerodah, 4-3; Checkers beat Flow
ery Friend. 1.1-8; Piker beat I-ady Russ'll.
6-0: Prompto beat Peter Mclntyre 6-3: Pro
metheus beat Jack Short, 6-2; Bright Colum
bia beat Rolling Boer. &-3: Luxury beat Dart
away, 8-1; Old Ironsides beat Fearless Patti
21-5; The Sheriff beat Nellie M. &-©; Kastlaii
beat Becky Sharp, 14-8; Trtxle beat Hot Pattl
10-3; Cosette beat Hawk Eye. 8-0; Idaho Boy
beat Musk Ike. 6-0; Haddtngton beat Intruder.
«-5 : Lucky Shamrock beat Templar Oallantln
18-2: Red Brick beat Maid of Gowry ft-3-
McHenry beat Beauty Odd. 13-6; Molly Has
kins beat Confusion, 14-6* Fretter beat Tours
Mountain Belle, 7-4; Laboring Boy beat Polka.
Dot. 7-5; Agitator beat Little Dainty H-0-
Marguerlte beat Miss Mystic, 8-6; Agile Spurt
beat Mount Lowe. 7-5.
. Second ' round— Manru "beat Flora Free S-lt
The Villain beat Good as Gold. 19-4; Cava
l*tte beat Sunny South. .17-14; Checkers beat
Piker. 15-6; Prompto beat Prometheus lt-lt;
Bright Columbia beat Luxury, 13-B; Old Iron
side« beat The Sheriff, .7-4; East Lake beat
Trixy, 2-0: Cosette beat Idaho Boy 12-0-
Lucky Shamrock beat Haddlngton. 7-4- R*a
Brick beat McHenry, 4-0; Fretter beat MoKy
Hawkins. 8-1: Laboring Boy beat Agitator
19-12: Agile Spurt beat Marguerite. 16-4.
Third round — Manru beat The Villain, 17-5-
Cavalett* beat Prompto. 8-7; Bright Columbia
a bye. Checkers withdrawn; East Lake beat
Old Ironsrtdes. 12-3: Cosette beat Lucky Sham
rock. 16-5; Red Brick beat Fretter. fr-3; Agile
Spurt a bye.
Fourth round — Caval»tte beat Manru. 21-»-
Eastlake beat Bright Columbia. U-8: Coaette
beat Red Brick. 4-3: Agile SDurt a bye.
Fifth round — Eastlake beat Cavalett*, 14-4-
Agile Snurt b»at Cosette, 6-2: . .
Deciding course— Agile Spurt, wins by de
fault; Eastlake withdrawn. . .
The first stake of a three-day cours
ing meeting was run off yesterday at
Ingleslde Coursing Park. The day was
hot and the greyhounds did not havet
a chance to show their true form.
Fifty-six hounds competed and the
final honors were won by Agile Spurt
by default. Eastlake was withdrawn,
having experienced"- several hard runs
during the day. Following are the re
sults with Judge John Grace's official
scores: . :,-, :.
The San Mateo Kennel Club made a
brilliant success of its first open-air
show, held yesterday on the private
polo field of Francis J. Carolan at
Crossways r Farm, Burlingame.' .. 'jV-4-
The dogs were grouped about the
picturesque polo pavilion and the judg
ing went on simultaneously in 'three
rings. The dogs did not ap
pear to the best advantage owing to
the heat. This. also had the effect of
Agile I Spurt Captures
x Honors on the
: Field.
Warfdee Coastguard
Is the Best Dog
•in Show.
American foxhounds— Mrs. J. J. Killalee'g
Don Carlos first.
English foxhound* — San Mateo Hunt CTub'a
Balran first; San Mateo Hunt Club's Graceful
second.
Pointers — H. M. Papst's Top Notch Mason's
Kins first; Sidney Hamilton's Lady Ruffle's
Rip second.
English setters: Dogs — J. M. GolobecVs
Champion Cato Jr. first ; Mrs. Ida L. Moulton'ti
Palo Alto second. Bitches— C. C. Lee's Cham
pion Laura L first; Miss Burfeind's Flora B
second. /
Irlph setters — F. M. » Johnson's Toronto Pat
first; Dr. II. B. de Marville's Biddy second.
- Gordon setters — F. P. Clarke's Homestead
Boy first; A. Stuart's Doc second.
Irish water, spaniels — William I Bay's Mike
first. ' .
, Field spaniels — L. Curran Clark's Pompey
first; Brown & Gilbert's Dolly second. ¦ - ; .
• Cocker spaniels: Black — Mrs. C. Herman's
Major Domo first; J. Hervey Jones' black
Silk II second. Other than black — A. Wolfen's
Rerillght first; Miss A. Farna's Victory A sec
ond.
Collies — Mrs L. W. Seely's Old Hall Sandy,
first; Mrs. AlConey'e Robert- Bruce, second.
Airedale terriers, dogs— Robert C. Coleman's
Waterside Buster Bill, first. Airedale terrier
bitches— Robert C. Coleman's Lady Sarah
Wilson, first; E. M. Tidd's TIdd's Gussle. sec
ond.
Old English cheep dogs— Francis J. Caro
lan's Crossways Bob. first.
Bulldogs— Mrs. Charles K. Harley"» Ivell
Daman, first: L. S. Greenebaum's Harry Lacy,
second.
Bull terriers — Ed Attrldge's Edgeeote Peer,
first ; Athole McBean'a Champion Banjo, sec
ond. ¦
Boston terriers — R.-J. Joase's Boston Jack,
first; Mrs. G. L. King's Oakslde's My Lady's
Boy, second.
Dachshund, dogs — P. M. Wand's Dougie E,
first; Colonel Walter S. Martin's. Rex M. sec
ond. Bitches — J. Bergman's Queen Victoria,
first; P. C. Meyer's Glenwood Fraulein, sec
ond. ' . "
Irish terriers— John J. Douglas* His Lord
shl:>. first. ¦
r Smooth coat fox terriers dogs — Wandee ken
nel's Norfolk Trueman. first; H. M. Papst's
Sabine Brinhtllght. second. Bitches — Wandee
kennels' Wandee Marigold, first; P. C. Mey
er's Endcllffe Pearl, second.
Fox terriers, wlrehalred— Wandee kennel's
Champion Wandee Coastguard, first; Irving A.
Ackerman's Humberstone Rattler, second.
Yorkshire terriers — W. P. Feenj*s Royal
Gem, first; Mre. Francis J. Carolan'9 Cross-
Ways Rosette, second.
English Fay spaniels — Miss Irene Mack's
Rufus first; Mrs. A. A. Rol's Pansy, second.
Japanese spanlels-^-R. RoMnson's Jyp, first.
Pugs — S. E. Moore's Nigger, first: S. Bar
nett's Pug. second.
Pomeranians — Miss Gennette Bernstein's
Beauty first; J. R. Rand's Dewey, second.
Maltese terrors — Mrs. A. A. Bftl's Margie
B, first. •
Italian greyhounds — S. A. Cummings' Duke
II, first. :
CHARLES K. HARLEY'S SENSATIONAL. WIRE HAIRED POX TERRIER. WHICH CARRIKD OFF THE HIGHEST HONORS
YESTERDAY AT THE SUCCESSFUL. OPEN-AIR DOO SHOW AT BURL.INOAME, AND SCENES IN AND ABOUT THSJ
JUDGING RING ON F. J. CAROLAN'S PRIVATE POLO FIELD. * .•-.%-»-
OPEN AIR DOG SHOW AT BURLINGAME PROVES PRONOUNCED SUCCESS
THEXSAN FRANCISCO: CALL,: SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER- IP, ;i90C
4
YACHT.
I Racing Time I Finishing I Elapsed Corrected},.^
J Club. Length Allo'ncel Time I Time Time I £¦§
f in feet. M- S. | H. M. S. | H. M. S. H.-M. S. 1.37
TWENTY-FOOT SPECIAL. CLASS— STARTED AT 12 NOON.
Yawl Klttiwake I /.,) Cor. 14.78 6:12" 1:26:51 1:2«:51 1:20:33
Sloop Zada | S. F. H.83- «:12 1:44:25 1:44:25 1:33:1.1
Sloop Vixen I Cor. 18.31 1:31 1:13:43 1:13:48 1:12:17
Sloop Lily .......'.:........ 4 Cal. 18.81 0:57 1:29:30 l:2U:30-| 1:28:33
TWENTY-FIVE FOOT CLASS— START AT lirlO P. M. „.
Sloop Ruby "..| Cor. I 20.08 5:1*- 2:23:15 .2:13:15 2:0S:01
Sloop Neva ......;..... .;.... Cor. I 21.32 1:62 2:44:2.< : 2:34:23 2:32;31
Sloop Discovery ...-. ...»..| Cor. 1 23.04 2:24:2:; '2:14:23 2:14:23
(SPECIAL. YAWL. CLASS— START AT 12:20. P. M.
Yawl Iola : I Cal. I 39.15 I I 2:31:23 i 2:11:23 I 2^1:23
Yawl Nereid f Cor. | 31.52 | 7:05 | 3:18:20 ») 2:68:20 | 2:51:15
. -J ,THIRTY-FOPT CI^ASS— START AT 12*30 P. M. "
Sloop Aeoluii :.t.. Cor. 27.65 I 1:41 3:25:15 2:65:15 2:41:54
Sloop Challenger .i.... ...... S. F. 28.60 I 3:11:54 2:41:54 2:41:54
Sloop Truant .........."...... Cor. 27.78 | 1:21 3:28:03 2:68:08 2:56:47
THIRTY-SIX FOOT CLASS— START AT 12:40 P. M.
Sloop PrMto ...........I Cor. I 30.08 I 3:59 1.3:22:30 I 2:42:30 I 2:38:31
Sloop Harpoon | Cor. | 32.90 | .... | 3:21:28 | 2:41:28 | 2:41:28*
FORTY-FOUR FOOT CLASS— START AT 12:50 P. M.
Sloop Sleepweil . ..i.'........| Cor. I 36.22 \ '2:13 I 2:25:32 I 2:35:32 I 2:33:19
Sloop Nix le I Cor. I 38.18 | .... | 3:24:17 | . 2:34:17 | 2:34:17
i
I
I
I
4
1
3
1
3
2
1
2
1
3
1
2
1
i
YACHT.
I Racing Time I Finishing I Elapsed Corrected},.^
J Club. Length Allo'ncel Time I Time Time I £¦§
f in feet. M- S. | H. M. S. | H. M. S. H.-M. S. 1.37
TWENTY-FOOT SPECIAL. CLASS— STARTED AT 12 NOON.
Yawl Klttiwake I /.,) Cor. 14.78 6:12" 1:26:51 1:2«:51 1:20:33
Sloop Zada | S. F. H.83- «:12 1:44:25 1:44:25 1:33:1.1
Sloop Vixen I Cor. 18.31 1:31 1:13:43 1:13:48 1:12:17
Sloop Lily .......'.:........ 4 Cal. 18.81 0:57 1:29:30 l:2U:30-| 1:28:33
TWENTY-FIVE FOOT CLASS— START AT lirlO P. M. „.
Sloop Ruby "..| Cor. I 20.08 5:1*- 2:23:15 .2:13:15 2:0S:01
Sloop Neva ......;..... .;.... Cor. I 21.32 1:62 2:44:2.< : 2:34:23 2:32;31
Sloop Discovery ...-. ...»..| Cor. 1 23.04 2:24:2:; '2:14:23 2:14:23
(SPECIAL. YAWL. CLASS— START AT 12:20. P. M.
Yawl Iola : I Cal. I 39.15 I I 2:31:23 i 2:11:23 I 2^1:23
Yawl Nereid f Cor. | 31.52 | 7:05 | 3:18:20 ») 2:68:20 | 2:51:15
. -J ,THIRTY-FOPT CI^ASS— START AT 12*30 P. M. "
Sloop Aeoluii :.t.. Cor. 27.65 I 1:41 3:25:15 2:65:15 2:41:54
Sloop Challenger .i.... ...... S. F. 28.60 I 3:11:54 2:41:54 2:41:54
Sloop Truant .........."...... Cor. 27.78 | 1:21 3:28:03 2:68:08 2:56:47
THIRTY-SIX FOOT CLASS— START AT 12:40 P. M.
Sloop PrMto ...........I Cor. I 30.08 I 3:59 1.3:22:30 I 2:42:30 I 2:38:31
Sloop Harpoon | Cor. | 32.90 | .... | 3:21:28 | 2:41:28 | 2:41:28*
FORTY-FOUR FOOT CLASS— START AT 12:50 P. M.
Sloop Sleepweil . ..i.'........| Cor. I 36.22 \ '2:13 I 2:25:32 I 2:35:32 I 2:33:19
Sloop Nix le I Cor. I 38.18 | .... | 3:24:17 | . 2:34:17 | 2:34:17
i
I
I
I
4
1
3
1
3
2
1
2
1
3
1
2
1
iMotor cycle race live miles — Won by Ar
thur Yonge; N. C. W. ; C. McCormick. eecona.
Time, 7:22.
Five- mile tandem— Won by C. Long and F.
H. McLaughlln. B. C. W. Declared no raco
because ridden outside the time limit. Time.
li:10%.
Two-mile handicap — Won by W. C. Walbl*.
G. C. W. (scratch); H. McWhirter, N. C. w.
(20 yards), second: W. de Mara B. C. W.
(scratch), third. Time, 4:30.
Motor cycle race, three ml!e» — Won by Ar
thur Tonge. N. C. W. : C. McCormick, C. C.
C. second. Time, 4:38 2-5.
' Five-mile championship — Won by C Long,
B. C. W.; C. Nelson. O. W.. second; A. Me-
Kenzie. Reno, third. Time. 12:23 2-5.
Pursuit race — Won by the Garden City
Cyclers' team, made up of the following: Tt.
Delfenbacber, Earl Gray and J. K. Berryessa;
New Century Wheelmen, eecond; Oakland
Wheelmen, third. Time 25:20.
Mile championship— Won by W. C. Waible,
G. C. W.; R. Williamson, O. W.. aecond; F.
H. McLaughlln. B. C. W., thixd. Time.
2:23 1-5.
Half-mile championship — Won by W. d»
Mara. B. C. W.; W. C. Waible. a. C. iec
ond; R. Williamson. O. W.. third. Time.
1:11 1-6.
To-day the fifty-mile relay race for
the coast championship will be on.
Reno and the Garden City Wheelmen
are entered. This is expected to draw
a large attendance. The results in de
tail:
Novice- race on« mile: First heat — Won by
C. 8. White »C. C. C. : D. R. Cushmaa. B. C.
W.. second: H. S. Standern*. Reno, third.
Time. 2:26 1-5. Second heat— Won by Cecil
Nelson. Oakland: W. H. Rlckard. Capital C.
W.. second; E. E. Bergman. W. C.W.. third.
Time 2:31 2-5. Final heat— Won by Cecil
Nelson. O. W.; W. H. Rlckard. Capital C.
W.. second; C. S. Walte. C. C. C, third.
Time. 2:28. • ' * <• : < -.-- :
The tandem race went to Long and
McLaughlln of the Bay City Wheel
men, but the pace was too slow. It
was declared no contest, as the time
was outside 12:20.
The prettiest event of the day waa
the half-mile ''>* coast championship.
From start to finish the wheels were
so closely bunched that they looked
like one machine. Walter de Mara
led under the wire by half an Inch.
The mile went to W. C. Waibla
of the Garden City Cyclers. When he
came through at the finish with a fine
burst of speed a delegation of lassies
from San Jose threw their parasols
Into the air. Waible. the popular, also
whizzed past everything in the two
mile handicap.
The two motor races were easy for
Arthur Yonse of the New Century
Club. C. McCormick, who rode against
him. sot castor oil in his motor instead
of- .benzine, and the machine had
croup every once in a while.
The pursuit race was a wonderful
test of endurance. The teams did
their ten miles nicely, although the
track was like the Interior of a hot
oven. The Garden City representatives
had by far the best of it, though one
of the team had an upset. Earl Gray
turned turtle and plowed about an
acre of track with his face.
The first day's meet of the California
Associated Cyclists drew an enthusi
astic crowd of bicycle fans yesterday
to Ingleside racecourse. The after
noon was a triumph for 'California
wheelmen, as the Keno Cyclers* Club,
which sent Its finest to the meet, did
nofland one winner. "
Bay City Crack Bides Under
the Wire a Nose in the
Lead of His Competitors
HALF MLE FOE DE MAM
Meet of the California As
sociated Cyclists Begins
With Some Good Contests
CYCLERS OPEN
BIG CARNIVAL
¦ ', ' PICKPOCKET STEALS WATCH.— Oakland
Sept.', 8.— Dr.W. H.HaJseyof 1214 San Pablo
avenue .has reported to ' th« / police that'- hla
pocket.'was picked _of ; av fold -watcli >th!s
coornins. ¦ - r - - ' --
In . the course * of; a ¦ murder trial j at
Ca"pe;Townj recently j the ; defehdant.";an
aged;Mala'y "trader, j*admitted 'that he
had -twenty-seven T wives. * .. - . - ;
Notional Treasury Statement.
WASHIXGTON, Sept. 9.— To-day's
statement of the treasury balances in
the general fund, exclusive of th*
S1SO.000.000 wu'rSSSriSjthe «!
vision of redemption. ehow«: . Avall
t£0?727, E 416^ alanCe ' J149 '« 36 ' 697 ; «old.
.Women's • consolation singles— Mrs.. Seymour
beat MIbb Valleau, 5-7, 6-4. 6-4; Mrs. Hendrick
beat Miis Seymour, .' 6-3.V 6-S, - •:.,¦¦-...¦-, ..
'¦ Men's consolation doubles— C. Gayneis and
J. Donnell beat C. Kuehn and B. Nourse. 6-4
6-4^-- ¦;' ¦¦¦• ;':>-- -.-,¦¦ • .. - :¦'¦ . ..--:¦ <^, -'
/This afternoon, at 2:30 the most im
portant match of the meet will be play
ed. * In It ' Drummond MacGavin, the
State champion ,,- and .winner, of the
tournament, will meet Alfonso Bell, the
coast champion. . It .will be the best
northern player against the best "man
from the south and a great. match will
result. - Yesterday's scores follow: >.
Men's doubles (semi-finals) — Will .-'Allen and
George • Baker beat Harry - Rolf e : and * Carl
Gardner, C-4, C-2.', 6-2. Finals— Allen and Ba
ker . boat R. N. Whitney, and C. Grlf fln, ; 6-3
6-4. 1-6, 3-6, 7-5. . ¦¦'.-•".¦ •••; . V • ..
Challenge match, women's Mr.Kles — Miss May
Sutton , (champion) beat Hiss Florence Sutton
(challengrer), 6-1,-6-4. , . .. ...-
Men'B singles (final*)— J. D. MacGavIn beat
Percy Murdock. 3-6. 6-1. 6-2. 8-6. ."">'"'
Mixed' doubles (semi -finals) — Mlais V. Sutton
and HendrJck beat Miss Dobbins and Murdock,
.;The finals of .the ladies*/ doubles will
also be played in the forenoon. Mrs.
Bruce and Miss Violet ; Sutton ;wlll be
opposed . to Miss Gabriel \ Dobbins I and
Miss Florence Sutton. -
In the Bemi-flnals of the • mixed
doubles Miss Violet Sutton and "Trow"
Hendrick beat Miss Dobbins and Percy
Murdock. The winners. took two sets
out of three. Miss Sutton and Hen
drick will -meet Miss /Florence Sutton
and Fletcher. Elliott In the finals this
mbrninfc. • ¦' ¦. - ' , ¦- '¦..-¦_
many years of experience stood him in
good. stead. . -, - ¦¦.
• Mrs. : Dickson. is . regretfully . allowing
these .'golden opportunities to pass. The
notoriety she has obtained is causlnsr
her" much- anxiety, and -Bhe, now an
nounces' she. "will leave 'in ; a few. days
f or. f San* • Francisco,, hoping .. thereby ' to
escape ; her \ troubles/' •!*''
| TACOMA, Sept. 9.— Mrs. N. Dlckson,
who;, came here ' recently from Austra
lia, and whose bachelor brother died
about two months ago leaving her a
fortune in money and mining, stock,
is having her : life ,; made a burden by
the persistency of ¦ beggars. .
•.Immediately, after* obtaining the for
tune. Mrs. Dickson began receiving let
ters * from : different parts • of the " coun
try, and: in- a few. days her mail had
grown .'to, the ..proportions of that of
campaign-manager. Along with ¦ the
letters asking help came- propositions
of promoters, all of whom . have pro
jects certain to; yield fabulous returns,
and all of whom are willing to let Mrs.
Dickson , in "on the- ground floor, in re
turn'; for her putting up the necessary
funds. v
Beggars' » nd Promoters' Petitions
Make Wealthy Woman's life
• . •-. -; -a Burden. » : ¦ .
GOLD OF AX AUSTRALIAN •
-HEIRESS IS BOTHERSOME
Indiana Woman Has Premonition of
- H Fate and Is Killed In Railroad
Accident.
LA PORTE, Ind.. Sept. 9.— Mrs. B.
S. . Bywater of this city has a letter
written by her sister. Mrs. Georga
Chase of Galen, Mich.. 'in which the
latter was warned in a dream of her
own death.
The day following receipt of the let
ter by Mrs. Bywater Mrs. Chase and
another sister were struck by a Michi
gan Central train at Galen and in
stantly killed. The dream revealed
that Mrs. Chase was to meet the fate
which befell her.
DEATH BY VIOLENCE IS
. FORECASTED IN DREAM
Frank Peterson, a florist, was found
yesterday morning in an unconscious
condition in the rear of his store at
283 Stevenson street by his partner,
Antone Canapa. The gas was escap
ing from an open Jet. Policeman P.
A. McNamara was notifled and he
rang for an ambulance. At the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital life was
found to be extinct. The Morgue was
communicated with and at the request
of friends the body was taken to an
undertaking" establishment. Peter
son's partner said he had been drink
ing heavily for several days. It- is. not
known whether death was due to ac
cident or design. Peterson lived with
his brother at. 20 Bernard street.
Victim of Carbon Monoxide.
BERKELEY, Sept. 9.— Arthur Cole
man of 2C03 Shattuck avenue went
drinking: with his friends In Oaklaryl
last Tuesday and late in the evenlnz
wound up in the Receiving Hospital.
To-day Coleman went looking for a
minister, accompanied by his fiancee,
and wound up In the matrimonial
tolls, thus ending the escapade in two
chapters. The bride was Miss Tina
Tobey, to whom he had been engaged
for some time. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. B. F. Sargent of
the First Congregational Church. Nox»
Mr. and Mrs. Coleman are preparing
to leave for the south to join Coleman'a
sister, who Is ill.
"When Coleman was treated at the
hospital last Tuesday he explained to
the steward that he had been.druwred
while Imbibing in the company of his
friends. Among Coleman's effects at
the hospital was a telegram from his
sister urging him to go to her in
Georgetown, S. C, as she was seri
ously 111. ' It is in response to this
summons that the youth Is now pre
paring to leave' Berkeley.
Following a Night at Oak
land Receiving Hospital
Arthur vColeman Weds
TAKES A BRIDE
AFTER SPREE
H^nlry and "the Only Knbe" Shine
in Double Header.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
National I^.apue. ', American Leagur.
W. L. r<J. W. L. Pot.
New York ..91 S3 .T.",4Boston 78 47 .€24
«'hic«go "r, «s .«:i:; New York -.73 47 .OS
rittsburc ...71 M .5S7| Chicago 72 64
« inctnnm; ..70 S3 .r.C!> Pliil«delphia..C7 52 .5C.1
St. Louis ..C! «4 .490'eievelanil ...C7 r>t .554
Urooklj-n . . .44 7S .:j-il 1st. J,oul» ..50 70.417
|?o«on 44 81 .352 1 Detroit SO 70 .417
rhi'.adclrfcia.SO SS .200!Wa»hington .30 94 .242
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. *.— HenJry aaJ
"W .".z<i were in good condition to-day and
N»w York could not hit effectively. «he locais
•minnin- both frames. Attendance. 0C00. Scores:
Kim game— n H E.
New York 2 5 1
Philadelphia 3 8 3
Batt«rl?s— Powell and Klelnow; Henley and
t*-hr*ek.
**cond tine — ' It. H. E.
New York 1 7 2
J'hlUdeipbla. 7 a 6
Batteries— Griffith and McGuire; TVaddell
ar*l Kohrcrk.
T'ETCOIT. Eeyt. 9.— "Hie first game was
»on by the local*, who hacked up Donovan's
rr.«st*r!y twirling in perfect style. In the «ec
r»nd ranie. Olsde had Detroit at his mercy.
Attendance, J200. Scores:
nrrt rurr.e — r. h. e.
Detroit 3 0 0
Ft. Lcul* I 4 i
Batterie»— Donovan and Drill; Howell and
Second frazr.e — r. h. E.
T ' •:<¦. t .,. 0 S 3
Pt. Louis 5 7 o
n«tteri»s — Jaeger and Beville; Glade and
Fusden.
CLEVET^AND. Sept. 9. — Cleveland and Chl
rago -rji'.lt «A-en to-day, Oeveland shuttlns;
• "hicaro out in the firet. while Chicago took
«h« nccond t>y bunching their hits. Attendance,
2f*H>. Score* :
Flrrt c«nv»— R. H. E
Cleveland ....* 10 8
fhicago ....0 4 1
Donohu* aafl Bnelow; Patteroon
Cleveland ......•••••¦••••.••....«.... 3 8 2
Chicata 5 10 y
IJattcries— Rhodes and Bu«low; White And
Sullivan.
WAKHIKGTOX, Sept. 0.— Dineen was al
rnott invincible to-day. Attendanc*. 1200.
_. . . R. H. E.
V^tshinrton ..0 5 0
B f -*t©n i /13 0
Batterl««— Patten and Klttred^e; Dlneen and
Firrcil.
NATIONAL LBAGUE. j
PITTEBURG. Sept. ».— McCormlck*. two
haRgtr in the eirhth won the game for Pitts
burg. Attendance, 2200. Score:
sru* h.
Chicago 1 7 0
»s?^sc«ist; pheip8: Bri "- " a
NEW YORK. Sept. ».— The doubleheader to
day resulted In a victory for the local«6 to
4. end a scoreless five innlnr tie. The second
f£&S*,3S?. Z > r'Zr Bt oi darkfleM - Al -
First parr., — R M _ '
Philadelphia 4 f» E l
-^^York ::::::::: J " -5
lwf! 0 *"? 1^ 1 ' M<1 Roth «* "cGinnity and
Bow ennan. Umpires— iloran and Kennedy.
6cco5t<I camp — ** **
Philadelphia r : k" E ;
New York .... "** *"« 7 .
IlKiHLAXDEKS LOSE TWICE.
In the afternoon sixteen players took
part in an impromptu eighteen-hole
handicap against "bogey," each putting
one ball_In as entrance fee. The scores
were as'follows: W. J. Dutton, handi
cap 14 strokes, 2 down; R. D. Girvin,
handicap 12, 4 down; S. L. Abbot Jr.,
handicap 3, 5 down; Dr. J. R. Clark",
handicap 1, 5 down; I... B. Edwards,
handicap 14, 6 down; R. J. Woods,
handicap 12, 7 down; Dr. T. G. Mc-
Conkey, handicap 4, 8 down; F. S.
f^ratton, handicap 3, 9 down; Hugh
A. Blackman,- handicap 8, 10 down.
Reginald White, handicap 14; H. C.
Golcher, handlcan 1: F. , H. Beaver,
handicap 6; W. W. Kerr. handicap 14;
W. B. Lewitt, handicap 16, and R. G.
Brown, handicap 6, made no returns.
A handicap played on the Sari" Fran
cisco course on Labor day was won by
Dr. J. R. Clark.
Fifteen members of the San Fran
cisco Golf Club .took part yesterday
morning in an eighteen-hole match
play handicap against "bogey" on the
Presidio links. Dr. J. R. Clark, handi
cap 1 stroke, won first prize, 1 down;
R. J. Woods, handicap 12, 4 down, took
second prize. The other scores were as
follows: Hugh A. Blackman, handi
cap S, 5 down; S. L. Abbot Jr., handi
cap 3. 6 down; L. B. Edwards, handi
cap 14, 6 down; C A. Brand, handicap
10, 6 down; F. H. Beaver, handicap 6.
7 down: R. G. Brown, handicap 6/ S
down; Dr. T. G. McConkey, handicap
4, S down; Reginald White, handicap
14, no returns; G. E. Starr, handicap 4,
no returns; W. Watt Kerr, handicap 14,
no returns: H. C. Golcher, handicap 1,
no returns; R. D. Girvin, handicap 12,
no returns; W. B. Lewltt, handicap 16,
no returns.
Forty-two-pound weight put — Won by Ed
Noonan. Emerald Club. 20 feet 4 Inches; J.
O' Dowd, ;" Emerald Club,- second, 19 feet 11
inches. ¦< ¦ '¦ '• -'•¦• ¦'..:¦ •••
• ' Swinging flf ty-slx-pound weight between legs
by J. .J.. Barry,. Emerald Club; J. Can
non. Emerald Club." second. ¦ Distance 23 feet
5 Inches. . . ¦ . . - ¦ .
41(>-yard dash — Won- by A. Glarner. Vam
pire Club: R. C. Clifford, University of Cali
fornia, second. Time "56 seconds;
•Twelvs-pound shot put — Won " by William
Lynch. Emerald Club. 62 feet 10 inches; Jerry
O'Dowd. Emerald Club, second, 00 feet 10
Inches.- i. .
Running ¦ hop. ' step and Jump — TYon by T.
Darcy, 44 feet 10 inches; D.F. Neighbor,
second. 41 feet 8 Inches.
Relay race — Won by T. Lundy. J. Domergue.
F. Dunn and G. Haley, St. Mary*i College
team; D. M. 'Lees, K. Plersoa, ' R. Taylor and
A. Glarner. Vampire Club, second. Tlm«
* '.Am., ' ' ' ' ¦
Running; broad jump — Won by D. F. Neigh
bor. University or California. 20 feet ViVi
inches; • T. Darcy, Emerald Club, second. 19
feet 4 Inches.
- The • postponed \ field day of Gaelic
sports,, under . the .auspices of the
United Irish Societies, which was to be
held on March 17- last, was decided
yesterday at the Presidio athletic
grounds and proved a decided success.
A large crowd attended and cheered
the winners in the various events. The
day was an ideal one for such sport.
Some. of the best amateur athletes par
ticipated in the various events.
The card was composed of races at
different distance, shbtput and other
athletic exercises. In each case the
contests excited great enthusiasm. The
hurling " match for a trophy was
awarded to the Emmet Club by de
fault, as their opponents, • the Inde
pendents, failed to materialize.
Great interest was shown in the
half-mile relay race, which brought
two teams on the field. The St. Mary's
College team, composed of four crack
sprinters, beat the Vampire team.
The winners were given' a rousing re
ception after their victory, as they had
many: admirers in. the stand.
Usually in a mile race the runners
are strung out, but it was not so yes
terday. One of the most spirited fin
ishes that , has been seen In many a
day happened when A. Glarner of the
Vampire Club defeated H. H. Man
drell, unattached, in • the last five
yards. . ¦ _- . - /
Following arev the winners of the
various events: -- .
One- hundred yards — Won by -A. Glarner,
Vampire Club; TV Lundy, St. Mary'» College,
second. Time : 10 4-5. ¦ . '
i One mile run — Won t by A. Glarner. • Vam
pire Club; H. H. Mandrell. unattached, sec
ond. * ¦. v ¦ . . >
Outside of an occasional brilliant
stroke by Whitney the match consisted
chiefly, of lobbing. Had: young: ; Griffin
been possessed of more experience ". the
result might have been different. Allen
was the mainstay of his 'team and his
MacGavin has acquired steadiness
since the last championship tourna
ments and this tells the story of his
victory. He outplayed Murdock at the
net and was steadier in the back court.
Bell will have to play his best game
if he hepes to boat MacGavin to-day, j
The spectators had their first oppor
tunity to tee Champion May Sutton
since her return from the East. It was
her first match In singles and she re
ceived a hearty welcome when she
stepped on the courts. , That she was
deserving of this applause she soon
demonstrated by defeating her sister,
Florence, in straight sets.
The little champion started with a
rush and in the first* set Florence won
only one game. The latter improved In
the second set and . to the surprise of
all ran the score to .4-J. In her favor.
This was more than any woman In the
East had done and May. fearful lest
she should lose a set for, the first time
in her career, put more speed into her
strokes and won five games straight.
Florence, although beaten, -was --not
disgraced and has the satisfaction of
knowing that no ; other woman player
In the United States could have beaten
her but her 'sister.. Miss Moore, the
ex-natlc-nal champion,' did not get more
than two games in any. set against May
and In one match failed to win a
game. Florence, gave . her sister the
hardest battle of her career and the
little champion had anything but a
walkover. It -is well known that a
Sutton never gives a game away, ; so
the games Florence won' were earned.
The finals. of the'men's doubles were
not particularly classy, but .was inter
esting from Btart to finish. It .was "as
close a match as erne would care. to see
and the rallies were exceptionally long.
The old game of "get the balls back"
won the day for Allen and Baker. They
won the first two sets .and it looked
like a "straight' set" match. In the
third and , fourth sets Whitney and
Griffin steadied down and also com
menced a safe game. These two sets
Whitney and Griffin won quite easily
and when they led at S-l and 40-15 in
the ¦ final set victory seemed : assured
them. Baker was about to give it up,
but the old warhorse Allen stayed wjth
it and pulled out the set when it looked
lost to them.. They won four. straight
games, giving them a lead of 5-3. Whit
ney and Griffin made a last effort and
tied . the • score at 5-5. .. Th© -next . two
games and set went to Allen and
Baker.wUUMflHttUl - - ' '-¦
An unusual number of spectators
braved the heat at San Rafael yester
day and witnessed some of the best
tennis games of the week. Two .cham
pionships were decided and three more
will be up for decision to-day. . Miss
May Sutton successfully defended her
title to the championship of the coast,
beating her sister Florence.' in the
challenge match. Will Allen and George
Baker beat It. X. Whitney and Clar
ence Griffin in the finals of the men's
doubles and th.2 championship gees to
them by default. Freeman and Bell
will not be on har.d to defend.
J. D. MacGavin beat Percy Murdock
in the finals of the men's singles tour-,
nament and will play Alfonso Bell for
the championship this afternoon. The
MacGavin match brought out the best
tennis of the day. Murdock started
like a winner, taking the -first set by
a 6-3 score. MacGavin changed from
a drive to a chop Etroke in the next
three sets and to this he owes his vic
tory. The second and third sets he
won easily. In the second set Murdock
won only one game and in the third
secured but one more.
In the fourth and last set Murdock
fought desperately and at one time
needed but c-ne more point to win the
set. This was where the score stood
6-5 and 40-30 in his favor. MacGavin
brought the score to the deuce and "then
won it out 8-6.
*' Harryj Dumont "of thei'Alamedas was
beating ' Gus ¦- Bertrand j and ;T. i Harris,
both of theDolphins/ in; the junior shell
event when he apparently' became • be
wlldered.'f lost\his ; course = and narrowly
escaped | running i his boat ; ashore. '; Then
he ~t crossed ¦; the bows ; of .* Harris, ' who
finally ,won;the race, .with Dumont sec
ond r and Bertrand a bad * third. . Time,
13 :17/:^^HHHHBHni
Then came the Pape-Weinand con
test and the accident before alluded to.
Weinand's time was 12:32. Pape was
about half: a length ahead 'Of his op
ponent when the upset occurred. •
There were three entries In the junlqr
barge race. ' Alameda. was . represented
by. C. Hague, Matt Ryan, W. Burnham,
George Tupper, and Carson Donnelly
(coxswain) ; the Ariels by L. ¦ M. Jen
son,.- Matt Brady. H. Opelt, Edward
Murphy fj and . Eddie Flanders . (cox
swain) ; - the Dolphins by H. McKevitt,
S. : C. Richmond, • Ed Mohr, Dr.- A.
Avara and Gerala Kenift: (coxswain).
The Alamedas led from start to finish,
coming home seven lengths ahead of
the • Dolphins, .with the 'Ariels 'a 7 bad
third./ Time, 10:21. s _ . ..
NELSON WINS SKIFF RACE.
~*H. E. Nelson of the Alamedas easily
won the - ' junior * outrigger ; skiff race,
beating. Leo of the Dolphins
and' Alex Keegan of the Ariels. Time,
10:30%. ¦ Keegan's upset' occurred ere
he had covered' half a;mile of his
course. ¦ ¦ - "
; In the big event of theday— the sen
ior barge race— the Dolphins won; beat
ing ' the . regular Alameda senior ¦ crew—
F. W.' Ayers, J. ' Leurs, E.: B. Thorning,
G.< Leurs : and Carson Donnelly (cox
swain)—and, also ? the • Alameda ,crew
that won the intermediate, barge earlier
lnthe.day. 7 .The latter crew quit early*
in" the i contest : and • rowed : home and
their fellow-clubmen : finished several
lengths behind the victors after leading
tc.theturn. • It seemed a clear, case of
outrowlng by the Dolphins', for. the Ala
medal crew's ': strcke, perceptibly;short
ened soon : after turning for home.: The
time was : 10:26%." W. F. • Harris, T.
Harris, T'A. -McKerron, G. Bertrand and
Gerala"Keniff (coxswain)^comprised the
winning crew.
less work by the Dolphins' coxswain
had much to do with their defeat, as
he | hugged the shore line when he
should have maintained a, straight
course. The Alamedas crossed the line
about a dozen lengths. ahead. ,:
Fred Sherry of the Dolphins won the
senior skiff race, beating F. W. Ayre3
of vthe Alamedas and James A. Wilson
of the, Ariels. Time, 11:24. Ayers fin
ished a couple of lengths ' behind the
winner..- ;¦ ¦¦¦'¦-. •¦¦.-¦ ' ¦ •- . •••• '-'¦:.:¦
"James Gray and the Rev. Mr. ¦ Logan beat
J. Webster and Tt. O'Brien. 21 to 14; J. Mc-
Lachlan and J. Karsman beat Y. C. Lawscn
and ?/. Tickner, 21 to 11; Dr. Hamilton and
Joseph Gray beat J. M. Duncan and A. SIc-
VJcaiv 21 to 13; J. Moffatt and T. X.lcNaught
brat McVicar and Tickner. 21 to 15; MrrLach-
Inn and Earsman beat J. Reid and T. Millar,
21 to 17; A. B. Magulre beat Tickner, 21 to 20.
,The Scottish, bowlers-. found. yesterday
an ideal day and the players were out
in force. . Besides many good practice
games, three interesting tournament
matches were played. : Two of these
were in doubles and one' in singles. In
the latter Dr. Hamilton beat A. A.
McVicar easily. The score was 21 to 8.
The doctor has improved rapidly in the
last year and he showed it when he
beat a man ef McVicar's class^in a one
sided match. : - 1.-
In the doubles tournament J. Web
ster and J. McLachlan beat Dr. Gunn
and J. Duncan, 21 to 12. In this match
McLachlan was the star player. In
the other match games J. C. Moffatt
and T. Millar beat J. Elder and A. Mc-
Vicar by a score of 21 to 13. Moffatt,
the singles champion, was in great
form and won many points.
The following practice games were
played: •
The first event, an Intermediate barge
race, v had J- two ', entries— the Alamedas
and the Dolphlns.'In the Alamedaboat
were : v F."; Shay,";*F.«-Hunt, E. Edwards,
C.I McConnell ' and HI Carson Donnelly
(coxswain): The " Dolphin crew; con
sisted*, of : W.; F.: Harris," T. Harris, A^
McKerron, ¦ G.v jBertra«d : and TGeralsi
Keniff { (coxswain).*^. The Alarheda crew
averaged * ; forty-seven - strokes ;;-, to : -; the
minute over, the/ half distance and came
home Btrongly.'iwinniher in 10 :17.V Care-
ALAMED A CREW, IN FRONT.
> There: was 'only one . protested , deci
sion and . the-protest * was , unavailing.
Alex Pape.iafter.his. mishap, complain
ed -; that he> had . been driven - off his
course by J Leo Wetnand of the Dolph
ins arid that if he; had been given clear
water he would have shunned the stake
post and wpn'the 1 race. 'The judges re
ferred I the '- protest : to .Chairman ? Klhn
who • promptly, indorsed their i decision
awarding* the race to Weinand.
It was -a well managed regatta.
The delay in starting the initial race
was, -no- fault of the officials, who
courteously awaited. the conclusion ot
the pageant and «,the arrival of the
multitude., After the first get-away,
However, there was ; no dallying. Thtt
three-minute interval between races
was rigorously insisted upon by Chair
man A 1 Kihn of the Native ' Sons' ath
letic committee, and his attitude was
fully approved by his associates on
the Judges' platform. The other com
mitteemen were H; Van Tagen, H. Li.
Newsom, J. J. Mulgrrew, F. JS. Cone" F*
Bageley, C. T. Rose, George E..Gro3S
F. B. Heywood and G. A. Hice. Among
the officials of the regatta committee
were T. I. 'Fitzpatrick, E. J." Lynch
W. B. Hinchman, A. P. Rothkopf and
Thomas Harris. "Paul Carroll of the
Reliance Club was . the referee and
Leander Stevens of the Ariel Rowing
Club served as starter. The ' timers
were A. Rothkonf of the Dolphin? F
E. Browning: of 'the Alamedas and
Thomas Mead l of the South .Ends.
Charles ; Farrell was the marshal o£
the course. :. The -judses consisted- ot
Gus Koster and A. G: Bell of the \la
medas.-c I*. .A. : Denver and , James
O'Connell - of the Ariels, T. .Dixon and
Val;;Kehrline -of -the- DolDhlns and
James B. Fbley and' Edward Scully of
the South Ends. :. . •
REGATTA WELL MANAGED.
. After the Admission day parade at
Oakland most of- thtf^oliday makers
•went- to Lake Merritt and witnessed
the rowing regatta. 'given : under the
auspices of the Pacific Athletic Asso
ciation. The crowd was large numeri
cally and in enthusiasm.. , It fairly,
packed the sloping banks, extending
half a mile on each side of the course,
and scores of boats laden with passeiw
gers ; llitted around the starting point
and frequently provoked the judges to
profanity by their trespassing upon
the water reserved for the contestants.
Two brass bands alternated in produc
ing good music and the tlirong 'never
slighted an opportunity to cheer. .Bach
race was started amid encouraging
shouts and finished amid a mighty ac^
claim complimentary to the victor.
* In addition -to the seven pro
grammed events there were three im
promptu natatorial features that
served to enhance the Interest of the
spectators. Alex Pape, the crack
oarsman , of the Dolphins, had -the
senior shell race well in hand and. was
coming home easily when, one of his
sculls fouled 'a stake pole and he was.
upset. Soon afterward Alex Keegan
ol. .' the Ariels caught a "crab" as- he
was fairly getting down to work in
the junior outrigger skiff race. He
succeeded in righting his boat without
aid and was slowly, pulling for home
when over and down he went again.
Then he. and his waterlogged craft
were taken in tow by a sailboat and
were run ashore.'. In the final event,
for junior, shells, Harry Dumont of
the Alamedas damaged his boat' in
some., unexplained way and after ar»
riving at the finish it gracefully went
down and left him swimming. These
several mishaps seemed to be even
more productive of thrills among the
gentler sex than were the closest
finishes. ¦
St. Mary's College Men
Are Victorious
Golfers in Action
on the Presidio
Course.
Wiay Sutton Defends
Championship
Title.
Senior Skiff Race Is
Won by Fred
bnerry.
Dr. Hamilton Beats
McVicar' on the
Green-
FOUR-OAI1ED BARGE CREWS WHICH DISTINGUISHED THEMSELVES YESTERDAY IX LiAKE MERRITT REGATTA AND THE. START OP A RACE.
The track was in excellent shape and
rhe weather was perfect. Zick Abrams
had two books on, but he received little
patronage. The attendance was rather
email and the people seemed to prefer
the grand stand to the betting ring.
There were several unnecessary delays
•whkh tried the patience of the crowd
and at times the horses seemed bound
r.ot to reorc properly. The starting was
excellent and the time in most of the
races was sood.
One needed a lantern to see the finish
of the last heat and the last two races
were rushed to get through at dusk.
The results were as follows:
First race, 3:00 class, tx-st two in three:
Tuffy A «W. OI3rien> 12 1
Senator Hearst <n. Miller) 2 1 i
Jrcr.ie «J. <JWscn» 3 3 3
Nan. -v BUck «C Mangles) 4 .
fan Jo**> I^arty <\V. O. Kane) 5 . .
Won liy Tuffy A. l>st time. 2:33.
S<*v«in<j rac«. 2:"5 clars. best two in three:
?I'f¥!on Bey <J. O'Kane) 1 1
Trharns Bay iF. J?nren» 3 2
Little Victor (V. Verilhaci '1 3
Won by Mission I>oj\ Bert time. 2:32.
Third rate. rlas?. best two in three:
Kitty 1> «M. Donnelly) 3 11
SaMs I.j Grande <J. McTiiraef 4 4 2
BUT KI!*worth <O. Taylor* 2 2 3
General Wraith (A. I5enron> 13 4
Dexterity <*J. Davnport) 5 5 5
\Yo:i by Kitty D. Beet time. 2:22.
Fourth rao>. J:20 <-1m?f. best two in three:
Even Dale «D. RotwrtM 2 12 1
I.*<1y FRlrono «II. ajill«?r> 3 3 12
%• X, B >r. Miuhell) 12 2.
Dork <F. Schraiui 4 4 . .
Won by Kven Dale. Bert tlrae, 2:22.
Fifth rate, free for all, best two in three:
V.aitpr Wilkes <V. Gulnasso) 2 11
Harry Hurst <V. \>rllhac) 12 2
Wen by Walter Wilkes. Best time, 2:15.
made by loser.
Sixth racr. McLaughlin special:
K*!ly <McLauc:hiin) 2 1
O'Brien < Mi-Laugh! in) 1 1
A B P (McLaughlin) 3 3
B^st time hy Kelly. 2:29.
Seventh race, special event for pur»e of $50:
Unrcnoe \V iWolf) 1
Tia fSJBSS Water (Levy) 2
Charles Derby 4<Jarrity) 3
l^a*.rc:ice W tics In 2:45.
TL Miller's handling of Senator
Hearst and H. Miller's work with
Tuffy A in the first race aroused the
euspicions of the judges. One heat was
trotted over and all bets were declared
off. . ,:-;:-•-.•
N. Lfc B. and Lady Falrose had the
eame kind of a finish. The spectators
"were divided as to which horse won,
but the judges decided in favor of Lady
T"alroEe. Mitchell, the owner of N- L.
B.. said he was robbed and refused to
trot another heat.
There was plenty of excitement at
the San Francisco Driving Associa
tion races yesterday on the Tanforan
track- Neck and neck finishes occur
red with unexpected frequency and the
crowd was greatly delighted thereby.
V. Verilhac's Harry Hurst succeeded
In negotiating a mile in 2:15, the fastest
time of the day. One race -was called
cff on suspicion of crooked work. An
occasional squabble enlivened the in
termiEEions^so that there was some sort
of entertainment all the way.
Even Dale and N. L. B. put up the
prettiest race of the day in 2:25. The
¦whole field started well and the two
-horses mentioned took the lead. They
trotted neck and ceck clear around the
'track and Even Dale was just a nose
In front at the finish. %
Verilhac's Harry Hurst Ne
gotiates a Fast Mile, but
Fails to Land the Money
TBOTS A HEAT IN 2:15
Even Dale and X. L. B. Kace
Side by Side and Furnisk
Excitement at Tanforan
HORSES FINISH
NECK AND NECK
DOLPHINS AND ALAMEDANS SHARE HONORS IN THE ROWING REGATTA
THE SAN FRANCISCO/ CALL,^ SATURDAY,; SEPTEMBER/ 10,. 190*.
5
FREE. FREE.
PERFUMES. *
A 40-cent Bottle ol
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
/ Made in California and con-
tain the fragrance of California's
fields '. and • forests because they
; are /'¦" •
"Perfumes Made Where the
Flowers Grow."
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF V THE;CALL.
- See announcement on classi-
fied 'advertising page.Ask a man to describe a gentleman
and he will : invariably describe him
self.
Binks— Don't you think Harduppe' has"
quite a breezy way^with him?
r . Wlnks-^Yes; especially, when' he blows
into your office trying. to raise the wind
on a draft.— Town : Topics.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 9.— Eleven Chi
nese, charged with illegally ; entering
the United States, were arrested to
day by Immigration Inspector Campo
near, the . Lower California line. ] .The
prisoners'' will'.- be' brought to this city
for hearing. ; : " v~" *
Inspectors Catch, Chinese.
VANCOUVER, B. 03 Sept. 9.— An In
dian chief at Bella Bella sent ddwn
to a local v firm a short time ago an
order for a $100 coffin." From another
firm he ordered a" keg of gunpowder.
Cash accompanied both orders and the
goods were promptly shipped. . They
arrived at their, destination and the
coffin was placed . in an outbuilding.
The keg of powder,' though, was taken
into the chief's 'house and carefully
placed under the bed. It did not strike
the other " tribesmen that there ':„- was
anything unusual about the occurrence.
; During . the night, however, • the In
habitants ; of the .village were 'startled
by a terrific explosion and rushing out
they ; found . the chiefs ' house • had t been
blown to : atoms., ¦ Small .fragments " of
the body, of .the unfortunate chief were
found In; the "debris. * ••'-".
It is "thought to have been a case
Had the train not come along when
It, did the trestle would have been
consumed. Much praise is given Con
ductor Bud Sinclair and Engineer
Billy Vance for their display of nerve.
-Later the section crew was sent to
the scene to extinguish a blaze which
had been communicated from the
trestle to the dry grass and wood lylne
alongside the track.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 9.— While mak
ing their regular trip over the Califor
nia Northwestern Guerneville branch
Thursday afternoon the train crew
found a large trestle burning fiercely
on the east end. Leaving the passenger
coaches on the west side, the crew ran
the locomotive across . the burning
structure and then- with water from
the engine tender extinguished the
blaze. ,'¦
Spedal Dt«~-».«h to The Call
Deputy Sheriff .Hughes of Kern
County and Detective Coleman of the
local department last evening captured
Joseph McMillan, the insane patient
who escaped from Sheriff Hughes while
en route to Stockton to be placed in the
asylum.
On August SO, while Hughes was
bringing McMillan to Stockton from
Bakersfieid. where he had been ad
judged insane, the prisoner jumped
from a swiftly moving' train near the
city limits of Fresno and succeeded in
eluding the police .until -yesterday,
when Sheriff * Hughes received, word
that the demented man was living with
his relatives at 611 Ellis street in this
city. In company .with Detective Cole
man he* called at that address last
n!ght and found the: man there.- Upon
the approach of the officers McMillan
immediately tried to eacape. He ran
Joseph McMillan, Escaped
Lunatic, Is Captured by
Officers on Ellis Street
Indian Chief Blows Himself
to Pieces After Pflrclias
ing an Expensive Casket
Daring Trainmen Take Lo^
comotive Across Burning
Bridge in Sonoma County
Attempts to Stop Runaway Team of
Horses and Heavy Waeon Crushes
Oat His Life.
NEWMAN, Sept 9.— W. N. Smith,
a photographer, is dead as the re
sult of a rash attempt to stop a run
away team early this morning. The
heavy wheels of a ; lumber wagon
passed over his chest, causing internal
injuries from which he died five
hours later.
Smith was a young man, about 30
years of .age. He leaves a wife and
child at Santa Ana. "V
YOUNG MAN IS KILLED
AS RESULT OF RASHNESS
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 9.— Six
Holy Jumpers,, the last of the gang
which infested Redlands, were discov
ered last night holding a secret meet
ing at the home of one Dewill on East
Citrus avenue. Strange to relate,
there were about "fifty .people from
Redlands attending the meeting, they
having doubtless received a quiet tip
that such a meeting would be held.
- These are supposed to" be converts
whom the Jumpers succeeded in per
suading- to. Join the band before pub
lic opinion ran them out of the city.
The news of the meeting spread rap
idly last night and there was soon • a
big crowd gathered about the house.
¦ The - Jumpers ; became frightened
and promised that they ¦ would leave
the city . as soon as the men of the
party had completed the contracts
upon which they are at work.
Remnant of Band Recently Driven
From Redlands Tries to Locate
¦ in San Bernardino.
HOIA' JUMPERS DISCOVERED
HOLDING SECRET , MEETING
BUYS COFFIN
AND ENDS LIFE
RIDE THROUGH
SEA OF FLAMES
downstairs and endeavored to climb
over a fence, but the officers succeeded
in catching- him before he couli got
away. When captured he gave the
officers a hard fight, but was finally
subdued.- He will be taken to the
asylum to-day.
of deliberate suicide, as the unfortunate
man had acted somewhat strangely of
late.
MANIAC GIVES
POLICE FIGHT
OAKLAND. Sept. 9.— Several acci
dents occurred to-day that resulted in
injuries serious enough to make it
Of the Many Thousands of Visitors
bnt Three Are Taken to
Hospital.
TEW ACCIDENTS MAR DAY.
are so fond of our native State, and we hope
that many of them will come and be with us
to enjoy all that California has to offer for
home, comfort and happiness In th!s life.
The exercises closed at the conclu
sion of Mrs. Caminetti's address.
necessary for the victims to be treated
at the Receiving Hospital, but none
resulted in permanent injury. A. G.
Haesloop, a member of | Golden Gate
Parlor, was trying to open a soda
water bottle when it exploded and a
large piece of glass lacerated his chin.
It is, supposed that the heat caused
the acid to expand. His escape from
further Injury, was fortunate.
H. Frazer, a 16-year-old lad, was
severely bruised in Jumping from a
moving train at Seventh and Webster
streets. His lip was badly cut and
he sustained bruises about the head.
- N:,A. Uran, a visitor from Watson
California Pioneer Dead.
OAKLAND, Sept. % — Mrs. Harriet
Turner, the widow of the lats J. It
Turner, formerly State Senator from
Butte County, died to-day at her
home, 6346 San Pablo avenue, aged 77
years. The deceased was a pioneer
resident of California, having crossed
the Dlains with her husband in 1849.
She leaves three children, Charles
Turner of Oroville. William Turner of
Santa Rosa and Mrs. Harriet Miller,
who resides at the family home in
this city. The remains will be sent to
Oroville for interment.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9- — Btottve
Sons of the Golden West, accompaatoa
by Native Daughters and many
adopted sons and daughters, are hold
ing a bis picnic at Terminal Island
to-day in celebration of Admission
day. There la an elaborate pro
gramme of games, a bis barbecue and
considerable oratory to occupy the
time.
Terminal Island Celebration Attracts'
liaise and Delighted Crowds.
MUCH JOT IX IX>S AN'GELES.
We congratulate ourselves and w« congrat
ulate you. These of us that have passed tha
meridian trust and believe that the destinies
of our beloved State are safe In your hands —
that under your leadership California will
keep step, not only with 'the rest of our great
country, but with all the forces of civiliza
tion and human improvement. As California
of to-day Is a better place for the - best men
and women to live In than- at any previous
time in her history, so the California of Sep
tember 0. 1906, will be better than, to-day,
and as each recurring celebration of Admis
sion day comes around we shall feel the In
spiration of progress and that our Golden
State Is every year becoming better and.
better, becoming more and more the home
of culture, refinement and the graces of ad
vanced civilization. A great trust Is com
mitted to you ; California la seated at th»
gates of an empire. She fronts the Orient
just awaking to new and marvelous life.
Our State will soon take first rank. It Is
her destiny. Is It the destiny of her native
sons and daughters to guide and direct her
forces wisely and well? You. and you alone,
can tell with certainty.
But I have faith In the virtue, the Intel
ligence, the civic pride of our sons and daugh
ters, born on our coll, and believe they will
committee, presided. Oakland was
represented by Mayor "Warren Olney.
Governor George C. Pardee spoke for
California. James L. Gallagher, grand
first vice president of the Native Sons
of the Golden West, responded for the
order and reply on behalf of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden , West
v.as made by Mrs. Ella E. Caminetti,
grand president of that organization.
Opening the exercises, Chairman
Knowland said:
It Is with a sense of much gratification
that I look back upon the magnificent parade
that was held to-day. Surely those who took
part can feel gratified OV er the demonstration.
I sincerely hope that when the celebration
shall rlope to-nifcht you will be equally grat
ified that the anniversary of California's natal
•!hv was celebrated in Oakland.
President Knowland introduced
Mayor Olney. who bade hearty wel
come to the Native Sons and Daught
ers on behalf of the city. Mayor Ol
ney said:
The city of Oakland gives hearty welcome
to the Native Sons of the Golden West From
every portion of our great State the sons and
dauRhtera of California have assembled here
to celebrate the anniversary of that happy
day that saw the elorious Western «tar add
ed to the galaxy of our national flap, tho
day that raw a new State, more richlr en
dowed than any other, become an Integral
part of the Union. ' .
It was a happy thought to organize the
sens and daughters of the pioneers of Cali
fornia into a fraternity that should forever
keep In special remembrance the patriotism,
the devotion and the labors of. their fathers
and mothers.
ST. LOUIS, Sept.. 9.— Speeches by
prominent Calif ornians and by Presi
dent Francis, the distribution of fruits
and wines and the music of good bands
were the features of the California day
celebration to-day at the World's Fair.
About 1000 people gathered in the rear
of the California building, where the
exercises were held, and many more
came later while the fruits and wine
were being distributed. *
At an ansle of the building had been
erected the staging on which the bar
rels of fruit were placed. In front of
this and extending around one side and
the rear of the building was a board
counter guarded by a rail. Between
counter and rail the throng passed,
each person receiving a small bunch
of grapes or other fruit and a glass of
wine. Los Angeles contributed oranges.
President Francis was introduced by
State Commissioner Filcher.'who acted
as master of ceremonies, in a speech
that was so full of praise of the exposi
tion president that.the hearers had to
use fans. Governor Francis, in replying,
said that while California was not a
part of the Louisiana purchase, its
acquisition was a direct result of that
purchase and, therefore, the celebration
of its admission day might be looked
upon as a Louisiana purchase cele
bration. He spoke appreciatively of thi
Interest California had taken in the St.
Louis Fair and the fine exhibit it had
made.
Lewis Byington. District Attorney of
San Francisco, made a splendid speech,
which was often cheered. President
Francis Joining heartily in the ap
plause. Byington spoke feelingly of the
OAKLAND, Sept. 9. — Formal wel
come to the visiting merry-makers
was given at the Oakland High School
grounds this, afternoon, following the
disbanding of the parade. Joseph R.
Knowland. chairman of the literary
Slayor Olncy and Governor Pardce
Give Addresses to Ghcsts.
Eleventh division, headed by Marshal Dr.
W. J. Smyth and Aids W. 8. Schmidt, Miss
Bessie Wood. J. D. Vestal and Miss Mollle
Pewell; Piedmont Parlor No. 120, headed by
Woodmen Band; Piedmont Parlor No. 87, N.
r>. O. W.I Halcyon Parlor No. 146; Brooklyn
Parlor No. 151. with Pioneer float*: Athens
Parlor No. 185, headed by Maccabee Band;
Berkeley Parlor No. 210.
>
VISITORS WELCOMED.
Tenth division, headed by Marshal Frank M.
Smith and Aid* II. Audifred and K. Wlx
»on; Loe Posltoa Parlor No. 9fl. headed by
Pensacola Band; EMen Parlor No. 113: Wl«
trria Parlor No. 127: Washington Parlor No.
169; Estudlllo Parlor No. 223; Alameda Par
lo r No. 47; Oakland Parlor No. 50. headed by
MaeDor.ald'c Band: Aloha Parlor No, 106. N.
D G. W.. with white float, decorated with
California popples.
Seventh division, headed by Marshal IX B.
Bowley and Aids K. A. Fox. W. A. Grandfleld,
John Tooniey. Mrs. C. Hansen and Mrs. T.
Koug?; Niantlc Parlnr No. 105, headed by
Golden Gate Band and drum corps; National
Parlnr No. 118; Yosemite Parlor No. S3, N.
D» G. W.; Hesperian Parlor No. 137. with
drum corps; I>a Estrella ¦ Parlor No. 89, N.
D. O. W.; Alralraz Parlor No. 145; Alcalde
Drill Corp*: Alralde Parlor No. 154. N. D.
G. W., with drum corps.
Eighth division, headed by Marshal T. J.
Sullivan and Aids W. I). Hobro and William
Ryan; fcouth San Francisco Parlor No. 157,
headed by Scott's Bund and drum corps; Sans
Soucl Parlor No. 1»6. In tallyho; Menlo Par
lnr No. L83S Precita Parlor No. 1!>7. with
drum corps: La Vespero ¦ Parlor No. 118, N.
D. G. W.; Olympus Parlor No. 189.
Ninth division, headed 'by Marshal J. J.
McElroy and Aids Joseph Kramm. Mies
Minnie Abrams. H. W. Monsa and Dr. Flor
ence Temple; Presidio Parlor No. 194, with
drum corps : Genevleve Parlor No. 132. N. D.
G. W., with drum corps; Orinda Parlor No. 56,
K, P. G. W.; Marshall Parlor No. 302. with
drum corps: Army and Navy Parlor No. 207,
beaded by Hcndenson's Band; Dolores Parlor
No. 20S; Twin P«?a"KS Parlor No. 214. with
drum corps: Richmond Parlor No. 217; El
Capitan Parlor No. 222; Keith Tarior No. 137.
N. D. G. W.
A. Lane and Aids K. Webber and Sam Love;
i-U Dorado Parlor No. f>2. headed by Jordan's
banJ and drum corps; Kromont Parlor No. 59
In carriages; Las Lomas Parlor No. 72 in car
riaRi-*: Mount Tamalpala Parlcr No. 04 in tal
ly-ho; Uincon Parlor No 72. headed by drum
oorr*; Yerba Ruena' Parlor No. 84; Santa Cruz
Parlor No. l«0; Santa Cruz Parlor No. 2(3;
Santa Clara Parlor No. 100; Bay City Parlor
No. 104.
Commissioner Erwin gave a pretty
reception at the San Francisco build
ing. Music and California pictures
were the features.
About the speakers' platform was a
banner announcing California's birth
day and a pretty effect was obtained
by stringing above this the banners of
the twenty-seven counties exhibiting at
the fair. The. fruit and wine distribu
tion lasted from 3 to 5 o'clock and was
followed by a reception in the California
building. Commissioners Wiggins and
Filcher and their wives and the county
commissioners' wives attended to the
guests.
C. E. Jarvis of Sutter Creek, Amador
County, exhibited quartz specimens
from that county to the throng in front
of the counters.
pioneers and eulogistically of the Na
tive Sons, and said among other things:
"It is'not in any particularly favored
spot in California that these golden
oranges and luscious grapes and spark
ling wines are produced, but from the
slope of every hill and from every val
ley from the Oregon line to the Mexi
can border come this beautiful fruit
and these fine vintages."
Grand President C. E. McLaughlin
of the Native Sons and Mrs. Ema
Gett, grand president of the Native
Daughters, s"poke on "Sons of Cali
fornia" and "Daughters of California,"
respectively. F. J. Sullivan's address
was on the "Pioneers of. California."
AH three were warmly applauded and
their remarks were listened to with in
terest. Miss Julia E. Tanner recited
pleasingly an original poem by Sister
Anna Raphael of Notre Dame. "Cali
fornia at St. Louis."
California's Day Is Celebrated at the
Great Exposition.
Thousands of Sturdy Men and Fair
Women Honor Commonwealth.
People of Oakland, in the name of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West I thank you for
the hospitable welcome to your city.
Mrs. Ella E. Caminetti, speaking as
grand president of . the ¦ Native Daugh
ters, gave her reply to the speeches of
welcome In the following words:
It is a pleasure for me to be able to greet
you in .the name of the Native Daughters. We
are proud of our State and. perhaps, may b«
pardoned if on this day we shall be exultant
In our pride. Our pioneer fathers and mothers
were the hardy men and uelf-socrlficlng women
who laid the foundation of our glorious Cali
fornia To our mothers w« owe a debt of
loving gratitude for their undying and unfal
tering loyalty to duty and affection for home
that has been inculcated In their descendants.
The visitors among us must realize why we
The Native Sons of the Golden West in their
original organization carved out for themselves
the duty of keeping- alive the traditions of
the 'early days of California, to create in the
minds of the young men of our State an ap
preciation of the trials, struggles and sacri
fices of the pioneers, the fathers of California.
In the early times of our order it was not
dreamed that It would attain such a place In
the commonwealth's activities as it has
reached. It has performed that first duty of
love and more than that It has bullded upon
character. It has takon upon itself the charge
to lift up the patriotism of the sons of Cali
fornia, to make them better men 'for their
affiliation with this great organization and to
keep uppermost in their minds an, ever
tttrengthenlng pride In strong devotion to the
State and to our country.
A race of creat men and women must, at
least until stern nature wills It otherwise,
produce its like. The men and women,
pioneers who came to California two score
years and more aso> were strong and sturdy,
both in mind and limb. The weaklings never
left the homestead nor dared the dafzerB
that the journey hither called for. Our pioneers
carved from the wilderness an empire and
upreared a State, which, in hardly more than
half a century, has compelled the admiration
of the world and has drawn to her as the
magnet does the steel well nigh a million
and three-quarters of hardy men and beauti
ful women, who love our native State as only
California can be loved by those who- live
within h?r borders. With such forefathers,
with such a population, California's great
ness Is secure. Her sons and daughters will
do well th»lr parts toward forcing ever on
ward In the fray her peaceful standard. And
in the ranks of those who do and dare, fight
ing In the very forefront, will be always
found those who, like us. are proud to claim
California as their birthplace.
For the Native . Sons Grand First
Vice President Gallagher gave respon
sive greeting as follows:
This anniversary of the birth of the Golden
State flndf California's people happy, content
ed and prosperous. To us the God of nations
has ever been kind. Over us Is hoverins: the
destinies that the over westward course of
the empire has given to our land. And hurry
ins down, upon us, with a speed never known
before, are events, responsibilities and oppor
tunities that will make our State the re
incarnated Greece and Rome of the twentieth
century. , To furnlnh . men and women for
world's work, such ' as "is already here, is
California's present duty. Is the race of men
and women born beneath her genial skies
possessed of virtue and of force of mind that
will compel such bending of events and men
as California needs demand? Or shall we
find Napoleons in the throng of those who
come to u» from other climes?
prove to the world and to themselv«a that
they are fitted to ,take the lead of our glori
ous commonwealth In her onward career of
progress and a higher civilization.
"The foremost Native Son of Cali
fornia" was the Introduction given by
Chairman Knowland as he presented
Governor George C. Pardee, who said:
Chief Executive's
Speech Full of
Eloquence.
Native son organizations that at
tracted MUCH ATTENTION AS THBY
MARCHED IN ADMISSION DAY PARADE.
OAKLAND. Sept. ?.— In a magnifi
cent parade, which surpassed in num
bers, enthusiasm and attractiveness
the expectations of the most sanguine
promoters of the celebration, the Na
tive. Sons and Daughters of the Golden
West today did honor to the great
Empire State of the Pacific Coast. The
procession was full of attractive fea
tures brought by the parlors in line
from &\\ parts of the State, but most
attractive of all were the charming
California women who graced the oc
casion in carriages.
The parade, which was one of the
most successful ever eeen on this side
of the bay. was In general charge of
M. H Squire, the grand marshal of the
Native Sons, assisted by George H.
Mason and C. F. Carl, as special aids,
and H. N. Gard. as chief of BtafT.
The parade was organized In eleven
divisions, with the following officers
and organizations:
First division. headed by Marshal Danirl S
Jjowtiry and Al<!» \V. D. Hajrchorn. F. D. 1U
can aaj Henry Ilenken and Including a, bat
tahca of th* Twcnty-^ht r.ertment United
KUtet Xnf&ntry. commanded by Captain O'Con
n*M; CcmpantM A. n. C and D commanded
i-cspmivfjy by Captaina Ovcmtine Filkncr
Hui:t and Williams.
Siroond tfivivton. ncadrd l,y Marshal F J.
Coyt* and Aid* Dr. j. w. Smith. Fn4 ixibr
and W J. Baccus; Company A, Fifth liesi.
mvtxt. S. a. C, Captain E. O. Hunt com
n-an-llr-a: tempany K. fifth Ur-ip.), r.t. N. G
« CspUta G^orpe H. WVthern fomimniHn;:
O.ujaay u. KtrUi UcKliu^t. N. C. C Cap
tain J. VT. Gillotly commar.dinj:: Company A
\«-t^ran.Rp*crv«. K. G. C\. Captain C. k!
Jvin» ooirnsendin*; cratd officm or thf Na
tive Pnns and Native Dauchtrr* of (he Gold<n
%\f*t in carr!as»'»; Go^rmor licrrcr c. Par.W
Krrator J. n Kno» land. Mayor Warren Olncy
end ua»-in McNab In carriag*: member* of City
Council. Oakland Hoard of Trade and He/
chant»* nschejuje and Mexican War Veterans*
A»«oclatloti la carriapeK.
Third division, headed by Marshal John E
Mcl)«-j^aid antl Aid* it. j. Kline. J. t n.n
rahsn ar.ri J. T. SrVclioa: CaJifornU "Pnrlor
¦ ,!? r r*"., 3 htM " lc<1 *>r 6acramen»o band-
California Parlor N«. 22. N. u. a. W.. "„.*
Mt Parlor No K. C.ranli« Tarlor No. *o and
Ccnrtland .I>rlor No IOC.
l-ourth division, beaded by Marshal John
JUnuaa and Ald» Joseph nog* and 11 ll lZv
in»oti: Stockton 'Parlor No - 7 headirf »,»
(•lo^kton band: Joaculn Parlor No. 5 v r>
V VV ii No - m - • rtth Wad : sin
Jtaj». Parlor No. =2; Saa Jose Parlor No. h.
Kirth Jlvisien. h«ad«l by Marshal William
"rfWot, and Aid. « ;wt e Sch.rm. j"l?«
CoiO^n Oatr TarSor No 2a. headed t"drS»
•¦nrj!; Mlnen-. l>arlor No. J N D o W ¦
Station l»aHcr Ne. ax. l Hl ide<t by' drum corre.'
Aita Parlcr No. 3. n. d fl \V •
«?rr-T liCO ll * rlor No * 9 « *«»<>*<» by 'drnia
Eu'tli «!ivi*ion. beaded by Marshal Thomu
Pails of the State.
DETAILS OF IMPOSING PAKADK
Mnnj Qrganiznlinns In Line From All
OAKLAND. Srpt. 9.— Oakland was [
turned over to the Native Fons of the
O>lden Went to-day for n rnyal com
memoration ft the tifty-fourtli anni
v»ixary ««f California's admission to
the Urion. It was the QnM celebration
Of this .-vent ever held in Oakland, and
the city miide up It* mind that it was
RfhiS to make the day memorable, not
b|<NM to the visiting Native Sons, but
to all others who FhnuM com** within
its gat?s.
But while this \v«f» the general crim
ination of the birthday of the State.
\hc\f was still nnother gathering of
Na'ive Boos anil Daughters, which was
hrld .it th<- St. Louts exposition under
the ausplr**.s of Charles L. McLaugh
ltn. errand president of the Native Sons
«>f th»» QoHeo West. Oakland dM not
Cored to recognize this, and the fol
lowing telegram was pent to St. Louis
to-day:
<~h«rle* I- M»U«ughlln. Grand President M.
*•'. <J tt\. California Building. St. l>xj|t Expo
sition: <jrc*tln|? from 50fi<» Native Hnn« and
lJau£htpi» atwtnblr-d to celebrate California's
natal day at Oakland.
I* N. <>»BBI,KDICK. Chairmen.
K. K. OA1UUSON. Secretary.
U. II. 1!A£ON. AssiKtajit Secretary.
Oa\lai»d to-day was stormed by Na
tive Sons in uniform. Native Daughters
In lisht dre-pses. and miscellaneous vis
itor* in every kind of garb possible,
from thp uniformed members of the
KntchtF Tomplar to the scanty suits of
th? participants in th»* boating races
on Lak< M. rritt. Everybody who vis
ited Oakland made himself at home and
everybody who was in Oakland exerted
himsolf t<» make th<» visitors comforta
ble in ppite of the wrathor.
Thi' pnra<U> surprised even those who
had planned it. It was an event of
which Oakland can be proud, for it
was twice as long as was expected and
••ojitHimd more attractions than even
the committees planned for. The mem
bers of the local parlors, who arranged
the celebration. 'wore dumfounded at
the number of visitors. Arrangements
had b«-r>n made for 2900 men and women
in line, but the number that paraded
thruuch the streets of Oakland more
than doubled the original estimate. It
was this fact that caused several vexa
tious delays qn the line of march. The
OflSOfN <'f the parade were not pre
pared to handle th«? number of mem
ber* of the two orders that presented
themselves, and several stops had to
lw made when turns and counter
marches took plac«*.
In spite «..f all this, and in spite of,
the hottest day that Oakland has seen
for many y^arP, the visiting Natives
had a good day. The parade was full
Of variety. There were many different
ard attractive uniforms and many fea
tures. The Native Daughters, particu
larly, added to the beauty of the pa
rade by their light drosses and bright
appeararce. Add to this the presence of
Governor George C Pardee, who had
re-turned to his old home, and other
crkbrltles of both State and national
importance, who were present, and the
celebrct'.on assumed unwonted impor
tance. Governor Pardee was repeatedly
cheered along the route by his former
townsmen, who recognized him and
wifihrd t<< him honor.
After the parade the visitors scat
tered. Some went to the literary exer
cises at the High School building, and
many to the regattn at -Lake Merrltt.
Th»- racing men all declare that Lake
Merritt is the ideal place for a regatta.
The (Water is still and offers all con
tes ants f .ilike a fair chance, while any
number of spectators can find places
upon the banks of the lake from which
to witness the races.
There were many who did not wish
\iy see the race*, however, and the Oak
land lodge i,f Klk« threw open its hand
pome rooms and welcomed everybody
who was either Oaklander or visitor.
AH -afUTr"»on the rooms were crowded
and the Klks made good their reputa
tion for hospitality by the way in
which they welcomed the visiting Na
tives on behalf of the city of Oakland.
Officers of State
and City Join
in Event.
Great Parade the
Feature of the
Day.
NOTEWORTHY
FETE IS HELD
IN OAKLAND
NAPA, Sept. 9.— The Native Sons
of Napa, Solano and Lake counties
joined in celebrating Admission day
to-day at Calistoga. Great crowds
came in on special excursion trains
from Vallejo and Napa and many
Lake County people were in. attend
ance.
There was a grand parade in the
morning, in which Napa, Vallejo, St.
Helena, Calistoga, Middletown. Lake
port and KelseyviJle parlors at Na
tive Sons, Company H, Fifth, Regi
ment. N. G. C, took part. Literary
and musical exercises also were held.
Congressman Theodore Bell of Napa
was orator of the day, and Dr. H. L.
Parish of Calistoga was president of
the day.
a Joint Celebration.
Xapa. Solano and Lake Counties Hold
GREAT DAY AT CAUSTOGA.
The grand ball given generally to
the members of the order was held in
Armory Hall on Twelfth street. Here
an immense throng gathered. The bis
hall was crowded, with hardly room
enough left in the early part of the
evening for dancing. The floor director
here was Harry G. Williams, with Jo
seph R. Knowland, E. S. Garrison. W.
D Sagehorn.* W. E. Wenken, I % F.
Wansen and I. D. Fagan. ¦
Music was also furnished at all or
the various headquarters, where Na
tive Sons and Daughters danced until
they could dance no longer. Alameda
Parlor had a throng at its headquar
ters on Twelfth street, and the same
can be said of a dozen or more places
within the radius of a few blocks.
Brilliant Night Scenes Form Fittin*
End to SncccssXul Celebration.
OAKLAND. Sept. 9.— Native Son3
and Daughters danced the hours away
to-night and thousands were enter
tained by a grand display of fireworks.
The entire population of the city is still
out on the streets. The evening events
formed a fitting close to one of the
most successful Admission day cele
brations ever held by the order. The
illuminations of the city were gener
ally, admired. Broadway and "Wash
ington street »were decorated with elec
tric lights and the City Hall was sil
houetted against the night with bril
liant bulbs. There was not a foot of va
cant space on the City Hall square,
where a band of music gave a concert
lasting from 8 o'clock until midnlsht-
The most formal social function held
this evening was a grand ball, given
under the auspices of Oakland Parlor
No. 50, in Maple Hall. Admittance was
by card only and many were turned
away who had been given the freedom
of the general headquarters. Within
the hall was well filled and a brilliant
assemblage spent the night In dancing
to popular airs. The affair was under
the management of I* N. Cobbledick,
E. A. Wixson and H. G. Williams, who
acted a3 floor managers. The commit
tee of arrangements was composed of
J. J. Naefle. G. S. Meredith. H. N. Gard,
E P. Cook, R. S. Wixson. C. F. Kinsey.
G P. Clough. R- H. Falmer, W. L.
Paulson and R W. Church.
ville. while siting for * *«
tr.tnth and Broadway. *^ *™ c c 7 ion y
a car coming in the °i>^ zl %^ C^i
He was rolled along the .^'* c '*
the car was brought to ***£*%£:
The fender saved his life and the doc
tors patched up his bruises at the hos
pital. * /_
CLOSE OF THE FESTIVITIES
Gay Dancers Rev
el Till Early
nours.
*-?-
Brilliant Scenes
on the Ciiy's
• Streets.
NIGHT MADE
GLORIOUS BY
FIREWORKS
NATIVE SONS AND DAUGHTERS COMMEMORATE CALIFORNIA'S NATAL DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER .10, 1901
6
APyJ^KTISTOJEyTS.
I r^maammmmmmaBasaBaeaMammemaK^^
Are You Interested in the Condition of four
TEETH?
Do you want them to look well and
work well? To be free from pain? To
be ouV of your mouth if they have
passed beyond usefulness? To be filled
with a permanent composition if de-
cayed? Do you want to have tho neces-
sary i"
DENTAL WORK
Done at moderate cost? ir you do
come to * ULt
Post-8raduate Dental College,
3 IAYI.0B BT, SAjrPBABCISCO?
973 Waafciiurton sw Oakland.
San Jot*. .- . ..; s»cr*m.at*OCEAN STEAMERS
QUEEXSTOWN — Failed Sept 0 — Stmr Cretlc,
fronu Liverpool, for Boston.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Sept 7— Stmr Finance, for
New York, -
Arrived Sent 6 — Stmr Advance, from New
York. ,
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Au* 27— Br stmr Ma
chaon. for Victoria; stmr Hyades. for Victoria.
HONGKONG — Arrived Sept 7 — Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Sept 5— Br stmr
ChenMiea, from New York.
SUEZ — Arrived Sept* 9 — Ger etmr Theodor
Wille. from Manila.
TO SAIL.
Baggage - transferred - to and . from all . trains,
steamers.*, etc', I at « low - rates. • One . trunk (sin
gle trip) 35 cents;! round trip 50 cents. Morton*
Special Delivery. 308 .Taylor • St.. 650 Market
St., Oakland .Ferry Depot. Phone Exchange 46*
Notice to' Passengers.
Branch Hydrograpbic Office, U. : 8. N.. Mer
chants' .Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
'September 9,-1904. . k.- '•¦-/•.- r,:,;
: The , Time Ball ' on ; the tower of • the , Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I . e. ' • at : noon : of •. the 120th meridian - ¦' or ¦ at
8 d. in. Greenwich time. * 3; C. BURNETT.
V <*' Lieutenant, Y-D. S/N,, in '.charge."; ;
Time Ball.
MAT HAVE BEEN SANDBAGGED.— A. G.
Anderson, 4^2 Drumm ktreet, was found lying
on the sidewalk early . yesterday morning : by
Policeman Hlghtower. who thought the man
was -Intoxicated. Anderson was sent, to the
Harbor Emergency; Hospital, .where a lacer
ated wound In his 'scalp, was stitched and
dressed. Anderson «a!d he was nearlng his
home i when two men attacked him and . one
struck him on the head with some blunt In
strument. He had $85- with him and lie sup
poses ; that i the - men had . been ' scared away
before "they had ; time to go through his pock
ets. -
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
clgn precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from ¦ the depth riven by
the charts. -The plane of reference Is the mean
jfthe lower low waters. • - .
- HILLSBORO, Or., Sept. 9.— Robbers
blew open the safe in the postofflce
last night and secured money, stamps
and papers to. the value of $1000.
There is no clew to the Identity of the
thieves. .
Robbers Loot Postofflce.
United States : Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height oC High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority, of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high " and low waters occnr at
tbe city, front (Minion- street wharf) about 25
minutes later thsn at Fort Point; th« height
of tide is tbe same at both places.
" SATURDAY. 8EPTEMBER 10.
Sun rises ,. ..5:48
Run Bets ..6:27
Moon seta 7:03 p.;m.
O |TimeJ jTlmel lTlm« Time
» f- fFt-f- [Ft./ Ft. Ft.
?-|L W| IH W| '\V W HW
W 5:221 0.111:53 5.6 5:41 0.8 ..:.. .....
H W L..W . H W L.W
11 0:07 6.5 6:05 0.6 12:22 5.6 6:33 0.7
12 1:02 8.8 6:46 1.0 1:12 5.8 7:22 05
13 2:00 5.0 7:82 " 1.6 1:58 ' 6.4 8:20 0.5
14 3:05 4.5 8:20 2.2 2:42 5.3 0:23 '. 0.0
15 4:15 4.3 9:15 2.6 3:33 6.110:32 0.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tldea , are riven In th» left
hand column and the successive tides of - the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
C%r. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ar«. in
addition to the eoundincs of tbe •United: States
Sun, Moon and Tide:
SEATTLE, Sept. 9. — Rear Admiral
Rae and Mrs. Rae have left Seattle for
San Francisco. Admiral Rae was here
a week making a close inspection of
the Puget Sound Navy Yard at Brem
erton. He will next Inspect the Mare
Island Navy Yard. :
Will Inspect Marc Island.
•SAN. JOSE, Sept. 9,. — What is be
lieved to be the booty secured by some
burglar was found by Chief of Police
Carroll on the bank of the Gaudalupe
Creek to-day. A, package of letters
and ' books were scattered about and
showed that an attempt -had been
made to burn them. v On. the' branch of
a tree nearby was an empty, holster,
of a revolver and about the place were
scattered " several pieces of sheeting,
which hadv evidently been" prepared
for use as bandages. The books were
upon i mathematical subjects and on
the -flyleaf was inscribed "Lester L.'
Carter, Stanford,.- !0 6." The letters
were in reference to a • correspondence
school and were addressed to Royal
Carter.,. 69 4 \R* street. Fresno. ;; Near
the '¦- soot was also : found " a book ; of
water color paintings California
flowers.' ' : -.-,• •". ¦¦'. ¦'. - -' - :
Discover What Tliev Think Is Rob
bers' Booty Near. Banks of 'i
Gmidnlupc Creek.
SAX JOSE POLICEMEN
/ PUZZLED BY QUEER FIND
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Dolphin Skagway & "Way Ports. Sept.' 10
Bertha... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts Sept. 10
Tacoma....... Nome & >f. E. Siberia. Sept. 12
CUySeattlr.. Skagway & WMv.Fcrts. Kept 12
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 12
CltyTopeka.. Skagway '& Way Ports. Sept. 14'
Jefferson.".... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 15
Santa Ana... Eeldovla & Way Ports. Sept. 18
Olympla Nome * N. B. Siberia. Sept. '20
Caronne... . Nome .;.. jS«pt. 2i
Bor*« Curiosity Satisfied.
Eddie Fr!<*5. a 10-y*»ar-old boy liv
ing at 162S Pa&<* street, had his curi
oeity satisfied yesterday when he ex
perimented on a cissr cutter with the
flnper of his riitht hind. The boy
vk-zs anxious to find out what it Is
that Tifbs ojy the end of cisar* when
they are forced Into the little machine
in use at cigar stand*. He put his
finger on the epringr and the secret
blade, not knowing the difference be
tween a boy's flnfirer*and a cigar. Just
fcit off the end. Eddie had the injured
finger dressed at the Kmergency Hos
pital.
ARRIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
j Friday. Sept 9.
1 Strar Gipsy. Leland, 14 hours from Monterey.
I Stair Gualala, Kalnln, 13 hours from Bawena.
Stmr Newsboy, Lee, 38 hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 25 hour* from Dureka.
Stmr Barracouta. Sandberir, 20 days from
Ancon and way ports.
Bktn W H Dimond. Hanson, 82 days from
Honolulu.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 26 bours from Eureka.
Etmr Jenni«. Esser. 18 days from Cooks
inlet.
SAILED.
Friday, Sept 9.
Stmr South Bay. Jamleson. Eureka.
Etmr Del Norte. Payne. Crewcent City.
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson, Port Rodgers.
Stmr Signal. Bendeeard, Cpob Bay. *
Brig W O Irwin. Han«»n, Roche Harbor.
Ktrar. Geo W Elder. Randall, Astoria.
Fttr.f Acme. Reed. Bear Harbor.
Stmr South Coast. Ol»en, Ctrpar.
titter Redondo. Kro«c Astoria and Portland.
Strar G!p«y, Leland. Monterey and way ports.
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Kenyon and Eel River
; points. _,
Stmr Breakwater. Seaman. Coo« Bay.
SPOKEN.
Per strar Bnrra couta from Aneon Seat 9 —
Sept 4. Lat 23 02 N, lone 110 1CW, bktn Rob
{ <• 1 1 Sudden, bound from Grays Harbor tor
' Santa Rroalla.
; 4— I-at 89 24 N. long 1S1 C8 W. schr
i Vine, GO days nut from Ponaw, Caroline
; Islands, for San Franclpco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 9. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind SW; velocity <J miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— A rr!ved Sect 9— SUnr laqua,
hence Se;.t 8. Sei>t 8 — Etmr Pomona, hence
JSept 7: ttmr San Pedro, hence Sect 7.
Sailed Seot U — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
ciaoo. Bept 8— Stmr Eureka, «chr Ottille Fjord
and «tmr Phoenix, for San Francisco; schr
Azalea, for San Pedro; etmr Toledo, for .
ASTORIA— tJailed Sejit 0 — Stmr Columbia,
for Kan Francisco: etmr Aztec, for Yokohama.
SANTA UARUARA— Failed Sept 9— Stmr
State ><t California, for San Diego.
PORT HARKORD— Sailed Se»t 9. 11 a m—
Stmr Uonita, for San Francisco.
KEDONDO — Arrived Sect 9 — Schr William
Itenton from AMoria.
SOUTH BEND- Sailed Sept 8— Schr Fannie
Dutard. for San Francisco. -
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 8— Stmr Dolphin,
from Slagway; atmr Cottage City, from Skag-
Jirrtved Sent 4 — Schr F S Redfield. hence
'l'ORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Seot 9 — Ship
Great Admiral, from Honolulu. ,
Sailed Sept 8— Bktn Kuhala, for Sydney.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Sept 9—
Stmr Novo. from San Pedro, and sailed for
Kan Frsnciseo Sent 0.
SAN TEDRO— Arrived .Sept 9— Bktn Geo C
Perkins, from Columbia River. ,
Sailed Sept 9— Schr Ranger, for Port Town
**GRATS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 8 — 8tmr
ChehaliB, hence Sept ••_'..,'
Sailed Seot 9 — Stmr O C Llndauer, for San
COOS BAT— Arrived Sept 7— Schr Esther
Bubme. hence Aug 20.
BANDON— Arrived Sept 8— Schr Lizzie
Prien. hence Aug 19; cchr Ruby, from . San
Pedro. . >--
ISLAND PORTS.
KAHULUI— Arrived Sept T— Bktn FuUerton,
hence Aug 18. •
HONOLULU— Sailed Seot 8— Fr bark Cam
bronne, for Portland and Queens town; bark
KalulanL for, San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
. REEDT ISLAND— Passed Bept 8— Ship S P
Hitchcock, from Philadelphia, for New -Torlt.
FROM SEATTLE,
! SAN JOSE. Sept. 9. — Judge J. R.
! I^ewis, president of the Board of Edu
j cation of this city, has resigned. For
i two years he has been connected with
i the School Board. In tendering hl«
(resignation Lewis states that his *bust
! ness occupies all his time. A succes
sor to Lewis will be named by Mayor
Worswlck In a few days.
VALLEJO. Sept. 9. — Admiral Mc-
Calla sent a communication to the
Board of .Works last evening acknowl
edging receipt of a notice closing the
lower end of Georgia street for ten
days owing to the dangerous condi
tion of the street. McCalla said that
to close the street would interfere with
the efficiency of the navy yard, as It
was the principal approach thereto.
The Board of Works filed the com
munication, as it is helpless regarding
the matter. The property-owners
must repair the street, otherwise it
will be closed on the 18th inst.
Leaves Board of Education.
Admiral McCalltt Protests.
.Failures this week number 200 in
the United States, against 172 last
year, and 16 in Canada, against 19 a
year ago. : L :^$3S£!3g£99S{S£!
actual amount of business in sight has
increased very . materially. Restora
tion of more normal conditions In the
packing Industry has removed some of
the artificial strength from the hide
market and poor qualities are offered
at pronounced concessions. Demand
is only fair and importers are unable
to obtain the small advance that they
ask. for dry hides. The future of the
woolen industry is largely dependent
upon the raw material, which Is ex
pected to : advance still further at the
London auction I sales on September
20,: and - domestic holders make no
concessions in order to secure , con
tracts. . " •
Steamer. Destination. Balls. Pier.
• September 10. j
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 27
Acapulco... N. Y. via Ancon. 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:S0p|Pler 9
Eureka Humboldt 0 am]Pier 13
Samoa Los Angeles' Ports. 10 amjPler 2
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjPier lit
September 11. |
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 ami Pier 11*
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 6 pm Pier 20
September 12.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Pan Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor :. 4 pm Pier 10
September 13. |
North Fork. Humboldt 15 pm Pier 20
Pomona Humboldt U:30pPler fl
Chico Coquille River .... 6 pm|Pler 2
September 14.
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am' Pier • 7
Arctic Humboldt ..... 0 am] Pier . 2
Columbia...) Astoria & Portland 11 amIPler 24
Rainier . Seattle & .Bellnsrhm 4 pmlPier 10
September 15. '.
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm|Pler 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor .... 5 pmlPier 27
Oregonlan.. New York I Pier 23
Pozno pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego Jfc Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 16.
Hatbor Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19
Coon Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pter 11
> September 17.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Barracouta. N. Y. via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Alnmeda. .. Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Women Have Narrow Escape.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 9. — While driv
ing across the tracks of the Guerne
vllle branch of the California North
western Railroad Friday" Mrs. James
E. Hatton and two of her daughters
had a narrow escape from death. The
vehicle In which they were rldlny waa
struck by a locomotive and demol
ished and the occupants thrown out
into, the road. None of the occupants
of the buggry were aware of the dan
ger until the engine was upon them.
The horse driven by Mrs. Hatton be
came frightened and stopped on the
track and balked. Mrs. Hatton urged
the animal ahead and had almost suc
ceeded in clearing the track when the
engine struck the rear wheels of the
vehicle. ' r -j>.
KNIGHTS BEND ORANGES.— A box of lus
cious oranges has been received by The Call
from Santa Ana Commandery. Knights Tem-
The overdue ships stand'. Ploaler, from
Buenos Avre« to Faimouth, 1CS days out. re
insurance 00 r>er cent; Hampton, from Ant
werp to Port Los Angelee. 177 days out. 8 p«r
cent; Mlchelet, from Dunkirk to Diego Suarez,
127 days out. 38 per cent (this vessel waa
Fpoken August 3 off her port cf destination):
Ivar Aasen, from Conception to Channel, 112
days out, 15 per cent.
To-morrow will be the. last visltlnr day
aboard the war vessels in th« harbor, as they
call for the south Monday mornirgr.
x *he Pacific Mall steamship Acax>u!co will
leav« for Panama to-day at noon.
Water Front Notes.
(120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAX 'FRANCISCO, Sept. 9—5 p. m. ,
The .following maximum and minimum tem
peraturej; are reported for' previous day from
Eastern stations: ' . *
Boston ....: 80-51 Philadelphia ...... 60-fi2
Cincinnati SL'-OO Waphington 82-GO
lackson\MHe 82-72, Now York 78-64
It Louis.... 78-»i4 Pittsburg 82-00
New Orleans S«-72j
THR COAST RECORD.
s i ffjfl I|I:
STATIONS. £ || |i)li ! S 5
• ? ? • i
Baker. 30.02 70 50 NE Clear Too
Carpcn ..29.U1 82 ¦ BO W - Clear .00
Eureka ...10.08 «0 62 N Clear .00
Fi*sho 20.78 100 C8 NW Clear .00
B.E. Farallon.29.72 «0 60 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 20. OS 70 42 W Cloudy .00
Pocatello ! 29.84 SO 60 SW Clear .00
Independence .211.84! l>2 62 W Pt.Cldy .00
Lo& Ane''Ies..2J».as 00 6S W Pt.Cldy .0*)
Jdt Tamalpals.29.»7 87 82 NW Clear .00
North Head 52 00
Phoenix 20. f*n Drt 74 SW Cloudy .0i>
Pt Reye* L.t.. 20.87 Hi 67 NW Clear .00
Portland 30. U 68 50 NW Clear Tr.
Red Bluff 20. 7S 102 CM BK Clear .00
Roseburs 30.00 7« 5'j N Clear .00
fcarramento ..2!t.St 10O 70 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 2!).S2 fiS <1« NW Clear .00
Fan Franciseo.20.0o 82 72 W Clear .00
San L. Obl!>po.20.oO HO 02 E Clear .0")
Kan Diego 20. 8S 84 72 W Clear .00
Seattle 80.24 Bti 52 NW Clear Tr.
Spokane- 30.06 70 M XV Clcudy .00
Tatoosh r?0.2»J-5S 48 SW Clear .00
"Walla Walls. .30.0T. 7tt fiO ' W Pt.Cldy .00
¦Wlnnemucca-.29.n2 S4 50 NW Clear .00.
Yuma ... -29.8S 04 50 SW Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
The temperature has fallen 22 degrees at San
Francisco. Alonj? do coast southward to San
Diego there has been a fall of from ti to 10 de-
BTWB. Cooler weather will prevail , generally
throughout California during the next twenty
four hours.
• Unsettled weather has occurred again In
Southern Utah and" Northern Arizona. Heavy
rain has fallen In the Valley of the Colorado.
Thunderstorms are reported at Flagstaff and
Modena. There has also been heavy rain over
Northern and Central Mexico. ' . .*
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending: mlilnight, September 10:
Northern California — Fair Saturday: cooler:
fresh southerly wind in the Sacramento Val
ley; fresh north wind In the San Joaquln Val
ley: fre?h westerly wind -on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday, possi
bly thunderstorms In the mountains; light
eou thwert wind. '
Nevada — C.oudy Saturday, probably thunder
storms In the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
cooler; brisk southerly wind, with fog.
For Fresno — Fair Saturday, with possibly
thunderstorms In the mountains; cooler; light
north wind. ' *
For Bacmmento— Fair Saturday; cooler; light
south wind.
- A. O. McADIE, District Forecaster.
STOCKTON, Sept. 9. — Director Fred
M. West to-day stated positively that
the Goulds are the main backers of
the Western Pacific Railroad, as inP
dicated by the election of Edward T.
Jeffries on the directorate. Jeffries is
president of the Denver ' and Rio
Grande and at the head of a number
of other Gould lines.
West stated also that the Beckwith
Pass-had been definitely decided upon
and that there would not be more
than a 1 per cent' grade from San
F"ranclsco to Salt Lake. Construction
v.ill begin first at the latter place and
very .soon work will begin from San
Francisco, Sacramento and Stockton.
Positive Announcement to 'This Effect
Made by Railroad Man. at
Stockton.
GOUJjDS ARE' AT THE BACK
OF TILE WESTERN' PACIFIC
. The bay fIoop Ludloe wac caught withcot a
breath of wind in a small bight of the Marln
t>hore. between Tlburon and Polr;: Blont,
Thursday nleht and drifted on the beach. A«
the tidn went down the vessel listed over on
ber side till the cook reported that the coffee
waa spilled from the pot in the galley, putting
out the fire, and all the matches had fallen
into the bilge, becoming wet, and the mulligan
stew was only half cooked, and the cat had
deserted the ship for a happy home in Marin
County. The aklpi>er swore he would go hems
to Sweden, where the wind blew and the days
wero cool, and the mate was going to swim
ashore, when the- captain threatened to whip
him If fce did not stick to the ship and go down
with her like a Bailor. Next morning Crowley
casae altr.g with a big launch and hauled the
schooner into deep water. All cam« back to
this side of the bay but the cat.
Chapter of Marine Troubles.
Steamer. - From. I Due.
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.jSept. 10
Abydos Hamburg & Way Porte Sept. 10
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 10
Bllxabeth Ccxjullle River Sept. 10
Wyefleld Oyater Harbor lS*pt. 10
North Fork.. HumboSdt .iSept. 10,
Hathor Seattle JScpt. 10
Chlco Coquille River ISept. 10
Centralla Grays Harbor ISept. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 11
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 11
Pomona ! Hurabo'.dt Sept. 11
G. Llndauer..! Grays Harbor iSept. 11
Kotru China & Japan 'Sept. IS
State of Cal-.l San Diego & Way Pts.jSept. 12
G. Dollar ' Grays Harbor iSept. 11!
S. Barbara...! San Pedro |Sept. 12
Sequoia ' WiUapi Harbor 'Sepi 32
M. JJoIlir Sai: Fcrtro S»pt 12
Coronado San Pedro Sept. 12
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 13
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 13
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Porno Point Arena A Albion. Sept. 13
Texan N«.w York i-3ept. 13
Argo Eel River Ports jSept. IS
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 13
Leelanaw Seattle ISept. 13
Newburg ' Grays Harbor 'Sept. 13
Corona Humboldt {Sept. 14
Breakwater. . j Coos Bay -Sept. 14
Peru '....| New York via Ancon. . iScpx. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Sept. 15
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 15
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. IS
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & I't. Arena Sept. 15
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria ISept. Hi
Queen ..... f*ug-:l Sound Ports. .. .(Sept. •*
Sonoma Sydney &. Way Ports.. jSept. 19
Gaelic China & Japan.. [Sept. 20
The barkeatlne W. H. Dlxnond came into port
yesterday tvenlng. 32 cays rrom Honolulu, with
10.2S0 bags of sugar among her cargo. She
brought up as t>&ssengers Mr. and. Mrs.
Savidpe. H. C. Edgeriy and C. C. Cheetham.
The Dimond reports that September 4, in lati
tude y> 24 north and longitude 131 38 weit,
the spoke the schooner Vine, BO days out from
Ponape. Caroline Islands, bound for this port
All well.
Spoke the Vine.
Signs ; of .better conditions In \ the
leading manufacturir- industries mul
tiply, as '.the season advances and the
Crop progress is better than aver
age and high prices promise large
profits to the farmers. Railway, freight
is heavy, chiefly due to the' marketing
of grain' and cotton, and earnings in
August were 2.8 per cent larger than
in 1903.
. Domestic trade holds up better than
foreign commerce, which suffers from
pricfes above the views of consumers
abroad, yet the last week's returns for
this port are encouraging, $736,363 in
comparison with the same week last
year, while imports gained $2,678,
343.. • ¦¦ - ¦.*/ : . ' ' • . ¦¦:,'-::
In iron and steel, past and prospec
tive price reductions have encouraged
inquiry, consumption has finally over
taken production and stocks of crude
material are smaller.- With the be
ginning of the crop movement, which
is -reasonably heavy for this period,
have come improved collections and
better railway earnings .returns. Aug
ust results point to a 6 per cent In
crease in gross receipts over a year
ago. All in all the prospects continue
favorable for a fairly active trade in
most lines, but nothing in the way of
record breaking is looked for in gen
eral business or. in crop outturn. .
The stubborn- strength' of prices is
perhaps the most, notable feature in
the entire situation. Bradstreet's gen
eral index number shows a very small
percentage of increase on September
1 over August 1, with provisions and
groceries, fruits, hides, leather, oils
and breadstuffs showing most
strength.
, Business failures in the United
States for the week ending September
(Tare 144, against 184 last week and
164 last year.
Failures in Canada for the' week
number 14, as against 17 last week and
12 in this week a. year ago.
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending September 8aggre-.
gate 1,995,621 bushels, against 1,830,
511 bushels last week and 3,045,040
bushels this week J last year-
From July 1 to date the exports ag
gregate 14,460,283 bushels, as against
31.255,169 bushels last year.
NEW YORK. SepL 9. — R. G. Dun &
Co.'s Weekly Review of Trade to
morrow will say:
influence is calculated to
check ) distribution of merchandise,
but the past week has brought more
encouraging results in the business
world and from many points come re
ports of steadily, expanding trade,
while it is not exceptional to find
comparisons with the corresponding
week last year favorable to 1904. Re
tall trade In fall lines, of dry goods,
clothing, millinery and nearly all
wearing apparel shows a healthy
growth and for hardware, : household
utensils and kindred lines there is a
broader demand. The best develop
ment of the. week was the resumption
of work in many industries that, have
suffered through strikes, while sev
eral serious j controversies j were avert
ed.^:---'''V- : - -¦¦.:¦¦;.¦ ¦ . ¦ " .. • .
Trade, crop and industrial develop
ments have been generally favorable
this week. Distributions on fall and
winter trade: accouuf.have enlarged at
most markets, the corn crop having
progressed another week toward final
maturity, which, however, . this year,
is later than usual, and several Indus
tries hitherto greatly depressed or op
erating on short time have resumed
running full. -The industrial situation
is slightly less etrained than it was
and the beef strike is now ended.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. — Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say:'
According to Bradstreet's
the • Business Situation
Shows Some Improvement
CROP PROMISES
ARE FAVORABLE
Nothing clings to popular favor lika
the circus parade. There is peculiar
warrant for this in a display like that
of Rlngling Bros., announced for next
Monday morning. With them it is
always new and always interesting. No
San Francisco man or boy ever tlrea
of seeing the elephants carry their
great bulks through the crowded
streets and no one is bored by observ
ing the humps on the camels as they
drift by. The roaring lions in the
gaudy cages never cease to b« an ob
ject of curious wonder, and the pert
ponies always provoke the exclama
tion, "Aren't they cute?" The clowns,
acrobats, minstrels. Jugglers, musi
cians, soldiers, high stepping horses,
open animal dens, with keepers sit
ting quietly in the midst of their wild
charges, smart traps, gayly gowned
women riders, gorgeous tableau floats,
courtier attendants, fun-making
clowns, all possess a peculiar charm
which never fails to give the streets a
holiday air. • ..* ; v.
The Ringlinga carry nearly every
animal specimen that went into the
ark with Noah and a few more not
mentioned in the list of "among those
present." Another good point with
the < Rlngling shows is the establish
ment of a -ticket office downtown
where no extra charge is made for ad
mission tickets and reserved chairs.
Acrobats, Clowns and Animals of
Every Description Will Be Seen
Xext Monday Mornlnff.
Milton istanquist. a lad 12 years old, living
in Alameda. was thrown from a buggy yester
day afternoon on Montgomery street. r.«s«r
Bush, and both of his arms were broken. Ills
horse, a spirited animal, became frightened
ani boiled down the Etrest. colliding with a
hydrant. The buggy was wrecked and -the boy
cruelly dashed to t>*e ground. He was taken
to the Harbor Hospital in an ambulance,
where his injuries were attended to, and be
was afterward taken home.
Both Arms Broken.
WEATHER REPOKT.
RIXGLIXG BROTHERS' CIRCUS
WILL GO OUT OX PARADE
BARKENTINEf ROBERT SUDDEN OF THIS POFtT IS SEEN OFF THE MEXICAN COAST WITH HER KORETOPMAST BLOWN
AWAY IN A GALE. SHE DECLINED OFFERS OF ASSISTANCE. AND WITH WHAT CANVAS SHE CAN SPREAD GOES
ON HER WAY.
¦ SANTA ROSA, Sept. 9.— To be mar :
'ried and have his father-in-law have
I the marriage set aside on account ojt
• the youth of his bride and then after
marrying the woman thfe second time
and returning to receive the parental
blessing from the bride's parents to
be arrested for larceny Is the experi
ence which, has befallen Edward Kldd,
formerly of this city.
When the "marriage was first per
formed the bride was under aee and
: on this showing the marriage was Bet
aside by the courts. Upon reaching
the legal age the young lady" went to
Stockton and was married a second
: time to Kldd. They were wedded for
* two months before it was known to
j Mr. and Mrs. Williams, the parents of
! the bride, and yesterday the couple
went to Petaluma to receive the pa
rental blessing.
When Kidd stepped from the train
he was arrested on telegraphic ad
vices from Stockton, from which city
he had just come, charging him with
I larceny. He is alleged to have stolen
come property from a family named
Rodgers, with whom he and his wife
lived in the slough city.
Former * Resident of Santa Rosa Is
Arrested When Happiness Is
Within His Reach.
fclDD SKEMS TO BE UNABLE
TO LIVE LIFE OF PEACE
Yesterday afternoon an exceedinidy rod cow
came careerJnsr down th« water front from
Mf !ggs wharf, followed by a number of herd
ers Tfce ferries were discharging their loads
of visitors who had been noting: the Admission
day celebration across tbe bay, and they
stopped to ttke in an entertainment eo dis
tinctly Californian. Bossy was stare fright
ened, but she played h«r part • well notwith
standing- She charged through the crowd,
swerved ekllUully from side to side, bumped
two policemen out of her path and sprang
through the door Into the ferry poatofflce. The
rlerks •orting mall went out through the back
door. Kha wan finally turned out of the na
tional domain and started bsek ua the front.
When last tieen she was flinging her heels and
tail en hijrh. well fattened' with the show she
had yrovided. and the poatofflce people pro
ceeded to clear away the wreck she had made
as tiit) galloped from room to room in the
office.
Bossy Provides Free Show.
The Barracouta brought ud 1282 tons of
freight, fifteen cabin and eleven steerage pas
f*-ng>?rs. Ths following are those in the cabin:
IV. L. Enrl^hartlt. J. H. O'Connor. Julius
Richardat Beinharde Courtarat. Philip M.
Brown. Conrad L.indo. J. H. Alklr.s. David
Pchlndler. John \V. Woon, Olive W. Wcon. W.
L. Schmalhorst, Mrs. W. A. Schmalhorst.
Helen M. SchmaJhoret. Dorothy A. Schraal
horet and Randolf Schmalhorst. Philip M.
Brown is Secretary of the American Legation
at Guatemala.' The ofticers of the Barracouta
report having felt many eharp shocks of earth-.
qu4ke at different places on tb« way ua the
coast. ™
Arrival of the IJarracouta.
The new year ceremonies will be fol
lowed later in the month by the formal
observance of other holidays in the
Jewish calendar, among them being the
fast of Guadaliah. the Yom Kippur,
the feast of the Tabernacles and. the
feast attending the rejoicing of th«
law. The business houses of the city
conducted by Jews will be closed until
Monday, while employers and em
ployes are attending to their religious
duties. * •
To-day the regular new year will
be celebrated in all the local syna
gogues and in several there will bo
ceremonies to-morrow. At the Temple
Emanu-El to-day the Rev. Jacob
Voorsanger will preside and to-morrow
the eloquent orator will deliver a ser
mon in the Beth-Israel Temple on
Geary street. The members of all the
synagogues look forward to Rosh
Hashona with the keenest Interest and
this year they have increased their
choirs and arranged elaborate musical
programmes for the annual event.
These will include the rendering of
many cherished religious melodies of
the Jewish faith.
The blowing of the shofar in" many
of the homes in San Francisco at sun
down last evening proclaimed the ad
vent of Rosh Hashona. the Jewish New
Year, the coming of which is always
hailed with traditional ceremonies ot
a festive character. The new year is
the five thousand six hundred and
sixty-fifth of the Jewish calendar, and.
as is the custom, its arrival was
marked by home gatherings, where
the followers of the faith maks prep
arations for the day of atonement.
Short services were also held in sev
eral of the synagogues.
At Republican headquarters In this
El&te the result of the Vermont elec
tion is accented as conclusive proof
that the gold Democrats are again vot
ing for sound money and prosperity.
The prediction is now made that the
majorities for Roosevelt next Novem
ber in the New England and Middle
States will exceed those given by the
E3me States for McKinley in 1900.
Politicians here and elsewhere as
s^rn California to a permanent place
in the Republican column. Party lead
ers would not be surprised if Roose
velt should lead Parker by 60.000
\otes in this State.
The battle for Congressmen in Cali
fornia promises to be interesting. The
Republicans will not achieve a full
mad complete triumph if a single one
ot the eight Congressional districts
rends a Democratic to the House of
Representatives. With a delegation of
lea Republicans in Congress, two Sen
ators and eight Representatives, the
t>tate can command recognition.
Intelligence comes to the Repub
lican State Committee that the Demo
« rats, while supporting Judge Parker
in a. perfunctory manner, will exert
special efforts to elect their Congres
sional nominees in the Second, Fourth.
Fifth and Sixth districts. The Repub
lican leaders are quite confident of
success in the Second, Fifth and Sixth.
The Fourth is in the air. so to speak,
as the Republicans will not nominate
a candidate until September 22.
STXTU DISTRICT.
J. C Needham, the Republican
nominee in the Sixth District, is re
garded as very nearly invincible. Talk
in the Democratic camp that his op
ponent. Judge W. Mi Conley of Ma
oera. is a great vote-getter Is not jus
tified by figures. Conley ran for As
sociate Justice on the Democratic
lirkol in 1S9S. He was the nominee
of the Democrats, the People's party
and the Silver Republicans. He re
«•« ived 109,742 votes. W. Van Dyfce.
the Democratic nominee for the other
Justiceship, received 117.287 votes.
Judge Maguire, who headed the
Democratic ticket that year, got 129,-
L'61 votes. The figures plainly show
that Conley ran far behind his ticket.
SECOND DISTRICT.
The Republicans of the Second Con
gressional District were in bad form
two years ago. By reason of dissen
sions and discord In the party many
Republicans voted for Bell, because
Frank L*. Coombs openly proclaimed
in favor of Senator Thomas Flint for
Governor as against Henry T. Gage.
Bolls majority was very slight on the
face cf the returns and it is the gen
eral impression that a recount of the
ballots would have shown Coombs'
election. The latter, however, did not
contest the election. Bell is endeavor
ing now to credit hl:nso]f with meas
ures of legislation accomplished by
Senator Perkins and other Republi
cans, but the only thing he accom
plished in Congress was the adoption
of an amendment to the appropriation
bill forbidding the apportionment of
Federal mon»y to any State soldiers'
home that maintained a canteen. The
only persons in California benefited
by this legislation ore a few saloon
keepers near Yountville, although the
prohibition papers applaud Bell for
his efforts in the cause of temperance.
The Republicans of the Second Dis
trict are now united and enthusiastic
in support of Duncan E. McKinlay.
Bell has forfeited all chances of Re
publican support by referring to Presi
dent Roosevelt as a dangerous man.
The Naoa Register, one of the leading
Republican papers of the district. In
pists that the Democratic nominee for
Congress shall define wherein the
President is dangerous.
The Oakland Tribune's San Fran
cisco correspondent writes:
Bell la eolrs to be e*ry.' He Is a rood
carrpeignw, but his district is normally R*
rutllran t>y a fln* majority, and he has
:•-;.: -m h'rn this tlir.« Instead of sleepy. easy
fTGinc lu::nana Coombs, IJunraa MrKinlay.
who ran :-.-.¦.«! as far. *tay up as late and
rr»ft ae many people as he can. Beyond this
lIcKlnlay can make a far better speech than.
TVU. and he has Iwn up and down his dis
tort already, retting; everything in shape. • •
Uarin is another place where Bell trill be
weak. Msrin arnt a Hearst delegation to
Santa Crux. At the head cf it was M. F.
Cochrane. the new«r>oper man who led Bell's
r.-> ; '.- tbe county two years a«o. Cochrane
rpt.M bis cvmey for Bill, but when he plead
ed for the Ife.ua vote for Hearst Bell turned
a deaf ear and Coehrane. swore vengeance.
S.i Hell may be taken out of the calculation.
H« is a dexd one. He amounted to noth
ing in Washington anyhow, spending a larg«
part of fc-s time on a farm in Connecticut,
and cuairrlins with !J\-«mash and Wyr.n
whenever be went to Washington.
FIFTH DISTRICT.
All the element* of the Republican
party of the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict favor the election of E. A. Hayes.
The district is normally Republican,
although in the of
1800 by the State Legislature several
stronsr Republican A/i£Pmbly districts
were taken from the Fifth to
ritrengtlien the Republican column in
the ¦Fourth. The wise politicians, who
"knew it all." blundered, because they
weakened the Fifth without giving
rufflcient reinforcement to the Fourth;
hence in the campaiiem of 1902 the
party lost both districts. E. A. Hayes
Is a Republican leader of acknowl
et!ge<3 ability and energy. He is dis
playing tsct nm a politician and ell the
sUrna point to his njecesa.
Their horse became frightened at
a passing automobile while the ladies,
1 seated in their carriage, were watch
ing the Native Sons' aarade at Seven
: teenth street and San Pablo avenue.
: Before any of the occupants could get
I control "of the frightened animal the
j horse, - with a plunge, tore along
Seventeenth street. At the corner of
Telegraph avenue the hors*e ran on
, the sidewalk, upsetting the buggy and
throwing the three women to the
pavement. . •
- Mrs. Farr was the most seriously
hurt., . She was badly cut about the
head and suffered numerous con
tusions and a dislocation of her
shoulder. The daughters were al*o
.cut apd bruised and sustained a severe
shock, as did the mother. Policeman
John Cockerton assisted in extricating
the women, who were taken to Fabiola
Hospital, where they were given medi
cal attention.
Mrs. Ann Farr and her daughters,
Mrs. Susan Danley and Mrs. Margaret
Aldersley, all residing at the northeast
corner, of Grove and Albion streets,
were seriously injured this afternoon
by being thrown from their buggy in
a runaway accident at the corner of
Seventeenth street and San Pablo
avenue. ¦¦¦'. "--.'»,
Oakland "Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Sept. 9.
Democrats Will Make Fight
in the Second, Fourth.
Fifth and Sixth Districts
in the Synagogues To-Day
Annual Jewish Holiday Is
to Be Fittingly Observed
Mrs. Ann Farr and Daugh
ters Suffer, Seriously by
the Accident to "Carriage
A GENERAL REJOICING
XAHED FOR CONGRESS
AUTO FRIGHTENS ttORSE
Majority of Fifty Thousand
for Roosevelt Is Expected
! by Republican Leaders
Advent of Rosh Hashona Is
'Formally Proclaimed in
Homes of the Faithful
Pitched Out of Overturned
Buggy in '-Runaway .Dur
ing Native Sons' Parade
The wreck had "been cleared away
and under foresail, forestaysail ana
the fore and aft sails of the main and
mizzen masts the barkentine was mak
ing good time for her port. All offers
of assistance were declined and the
vessels parted company. V-' .
The Pacific Mall steamship Bar
re couta, which arrived from Panama
yesterday morning, reports rough and
continued stormy weather on the Mex
ican coast. Off Cape St. Lucas the
steamship spoke the barkentine Robert
Sudden, bound from Grays Harbor to
Santa Rosalia, a port on the Gulf or
California. The barkentlne evidently
had been having a little time of her
own. She showed some damage along
her rails, with a boat or two 6tove, as
though several seas had been over her
hull. But the strongest indication ot
a gale was up aloft, Vhere the foretop
mast was missing, broken short off at
the cap.
Declines Assistance
and Bears Away
for Port.
CAMPAIGN W ORK
IN CALIFORNIA
THREE WOMEN
ARE INJURED
SHOFAR HAILS
THE NEW YEAR
BARKENTINE ROBERT SUDDEN IS BRAVELY MAKING
HER MEXICAN HARBOR WITH FORETOPMAST GONE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,. SEPTEMBER 10, 100-i.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
7
FREE. FREE.
PERFUMES.
A <o-ccnt Bottle of
PAUL RIEGER'S PERFUMES.
Made in California and con-
tain the fragrance of California's
fields and forests because they
are
"Perfumes Made Where the
Flowers Grow."
FREE TO WANT AD PA-
TRONS OF THE CALL.
See announcement on classi-
fied advertising page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 « — I Positively cnrcil by
¦^ADTXDO thcso JAxtl ° ** lI1 *«
\j}\ i\ I LI\0 Tlie y atso r * aeT ° IM3 '
xngn tress fnn Dyspppcla. In-
Irc&S STYLE dlgrst loa and Tco Hearty
g3 I * £¦ ¦» ec°yforDtz3&sss.Na.csr&,
1§3 PILLSa Drorrstnesa, Bod Tosta
EgJ^JKl * la the aioutli. Coarr<l
E^SS^ttiJ Tongue. Pain 1n the 51i?.
¦™=S™ ITORPID LIVER. T&ey
regnlsxe tfio Poweis. Purely Vegetable,
SMALL PiLL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
iiARTERSl CDRE SICK HEADACnE "
SPittle Genuine Must Bear
iglVER Fac-Simile Signature
S3 PILLS. -r^* _•
1 I U^^ft^Y^Lm
The North Western*
Union Pacific Excursions
tfford annual opportunities 'for. «»
economical ind satisfactory jouroej to
Chicago^East
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday. Friday . s
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For fan bformadca tpply to «r sddnas :
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK,
Generml Acent. Oral Agent *»»> Depfc.
Chicago Jt North- WcstcrmRy. L'aion Padnc R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Moo tzamery St.
SAS P8ASCISC0, CAL \Cpsclil Correspondence.
LONDON, Aug. ii.— English labor
leaders are astonished at the style
American delegates are able to main
tain when they arrive on this side.
They put up at the most luxurious
hotels and it is estimated that their
expenses during this sojourn here run
Into a higher figure than the total of
the emoluments received In twelve
months by any of the English labor
leaders.
The annual International Trades'
Congress takes place in Leeds the first
week in September and it is stated that
a j greater number of American dele
gates will be present than has ever
been seen at the English congress be
fore. John Mitchell has been here for
some weeks and Messrs. Ryan and
Driscoll have just arrived. They are all
stayihf at the Hotel Russell, which
ranks in the same class with such lux
urious caravansaries as the Cecil. Carl
ton or Savoy hotels. Mitchell will rep
resent the American miners and Ryan
and Driscoll the National Federation
of Labor. Several other labor repre
sentatives will reach London in the
course of the next week or two.
Hitherto the United States has been
satisfied with sending two delegates
only. The trouble with the coal miners
in both countries and the meat strike
in America are said to be responsible
for the increase In the representation.
Workers in the meat trade in England
have never yet been organized and it
is believed to be the intention of the
American delegates to bring them into
line with the American workers on this
particular trade. If they succeed it is
probable the combination will cause a
crisis in the meat trade between Eng
land and America that will require
very careful handling. It would be
dMHcult to replace the present workers
in the meat trade in England by free
or non-union labor if the former de
cided to go on strike. They are usually
recruited from the very roughest sec
tion of the working classes and once
aroused it would require the whole of
the police "in London to keep them in
check. There have been a few efforts
to organize the meat workers during
the last week or two in consequence
of excitement produced by the Ameri
can trouble, but it was decided at a
meeting held privately on Saturday
evening last In the neighborhood of
Smith field market to postpone further
action pending the arrival of repre
sentative meat workers from America.
STYLE OF AMERICAN LABOR DELEGATES
OPENS EYES OF BRITISH COLLEAGUES
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by t&«
Press. Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 C**»
Jfornia street. Telephone llaia 1041, «
Townnend's California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.*
Returns of the receipts on the
French" /railways - during^ the . first : six
months of the year* sh'o w°a" general de
cline compared with '1903. The" loss of
the; principal companies is from S to
3; per cent.
',' Elkhart, • Ind.\ furnishes in Miss Je
mina McCoy.Van instance. of eyesight
restored after years ¦, of . blindness.- Miss
McCoy, ] 59 '- years and :' blind '¦ from
her)birth,*f now sees ; as i the \ result > of a
delicate > surgical > operation -recently
performed on her. eyes.' * A growth' back
of -'each -had excluded ¦ the j sight.
BRAYE AT 80.
Matthew Armer, an- octogenarian,
was recently warmly complimented by
the Garstang Justices of London on a
plucky deed; When Mrs. -Catherine
Taylor jumped into the Lancaster
canal at Myerscough Armer. promptly
dived in after her and brought her out
unconscious. Some passing cyclists
applied ; artificial respiration r-ffHh suc
cess. ¦
THE ; INTEBFERIBG * OUTSIDER.
The University, of Edinburgh has con
ferred the degree of -doctor of laws on
Hannls Taylor, the * former United
States . Minister to Spain. ' The same
honor was . conferred .some . time ago
by the University of Dublin. Mr.,Tay
lor will receive the degree ¦ at • Dublin
the last of June and at Edinburgh ear
ly in July." His textbooks are used iu
both universities.
. In 1902 there were S5S8 persons killed
In this "country by the railroads and 64,
662 ; injured, ;. . ¦, / :.-.'; ' -/ . > : ~
Family peace is often marred by«the
interfering! outsider. '. .Almost always,
if there is "nobody to comment": or fan
•the ; flame f of .'a^quarrel,*;' husband, and
wife will . adjust a transient difference.
A -cousin/ aunt; or. indiscreet ; mother*
who takes sides and makes injudicious
remarks Vwill'lstir* upfstfifeV where r do
mestic dissension gives the slightest
peg I on .which to , hang foolish*, words
and \ satirical jestsp Every home is best
for,: itself.lbutVwhe'ref there" is f need jfor
the . presence of : an "outsider i who must
be , an integral -part, of the i circle '. she
must beware of- interferences.
fY\ ISS ALICE H. LUCE, one of
I |sl the few . American women. re-
Ill ceiving rare, honors from. -a
', -^ European university, has re,-
.>; » ,cently decided; to ¦ make her
permanent home ;ln' Germany, and
,with ; thjs end in view has 'purchased
the. famous Willard<School. for/Amer
ican girls-in- Berlin.* The school has a
record, having: had ; a/ ; number/, of
prominent American girls on Its- roster
during its eighteen years. _of existence.
It was at tb' e • Willard Schoo.l tri at/Mrs.
Grover Cleveland ; spent" two-years • be
fore "her. marriage., ''Miss Luce Is .: a
graduate- of Wellesley ;College' and
among other honors has the
degree., of doctor of philosophy, -from
Heidelbejg . University. .. She.. goes ; to
her new duties with the recommerida
.tions'of many well-known], people," both
here and abroad, "• among' them Presi
dent See?ye of /Smith .', College;' Dn
George Herbert Palmer/ professor lot
philosophy,- of Harvard; \; the, "Right
,Rev. Bishops Leonard of Ohio -and
Lawrence/ of Massachusetts:' President
Hazard ' of .- Wellesrey,'"' Lady , r Somerset
of ! London ; and "the •- Hpn. '-Andrew"; D.
:White, : ex-Embassador ; of 1 the '. United
States, 'Berlin,' Germany. .¦ ¦ ¦ • ".
SHE WILI? REMAIN IX GERMA>TT
AND CONDUCT SCHOOL, -FOR
AMEIUCAN GIRLS.
IN the Sunday Call Magazine to-morrow will appear the first in
stallment .of one of the cleverest of the summer's novels, a story
of bohemian life in Paris and London, "Anna the Adventuress,"
by E. Phillips Oppenheim. The story deals with the fortunes of two
sisters, one struggling to gain recognition as an artist, the other
a favorite of the Parisian dance halls and a prominent figure in the
faster side of Parisian life. The interests of. the two sisters, who
are' very similar in face and form, become strangely interwoven.
Anna, with the hope of reforming her wayward sister and with the
desire to help her to a profitable marriage, unselfishly shoulders the
blame and lives under the stigma of the escapades of her notorious
sister. The love interest is especially strong and is sustained with
all the power at the command o^an experienced novelist who writes
of a life that he is thoroughly familiar with. The story will appear
in four installments, aptly illustrated.
Other fiction features embrace an article by Marie Corelli,
"Accursed Eve," in which the relations of men and women are dis
cussed with all the keen insight into human motives and actions at
the command of one of the most remarkable writers of the day;
Jerome K. Jerome contributes a somewhat facetious dissertation,
"The New Fad in Literature"; "A Batch of Love Letters," a new
serial, begins, the initial installment of which, "Cupid in Country
Quarters," is from the pen of Sir George Douglas, Bart. Each
succeeding installment will be handled by a different -writer, all be
ing names familiar to readers of fiction. "Swart Pete's Wedding at
Grizzly Gulch" is a clever California storiette, and there are storiettes
by Richard Shelton and Dorothy Douglas.
There are as usual many, pages of special articles. Madge Moore
tells how to make a potpourri of roses; Augusta. Prescott describes
the new shirt waist styles for fall; the. physical. culture series con
tinues with exercises. for the trunk; and there is a full page story
with illustrations, showing. the old Aztec methods of mining. and
beating copper. The puzzle page and the music page are in colors
and there are many shorter articles of interest.
The Washington genius who was recently arrested by the Fed
eral authorities for sending LL.D. degrees through the ;mails at $5
and $10 per parchment could probably tell us'wh'y' every' aeronaut
calls himself "Professor" and why our cancer doctors have a pom
pous academic handle to their names.
Press reports do not say that the Czar is sending any Embassa
dor Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to attend'the coming
peace congress at Boston. Nicholas does not see that Hague dove of
peace bringing any olive branches to'Peterhof at present" '" • /
An Eastern aeronaut started to sail from St. Louis to.Wash
ington via balloon, but after traveling three hundred miles he came
down to earth that he might get something to eat. Thus are the
flights of genius hemmed about by human limitations.
There is a significant correlation between the present cut rate
war in Atlantic transportation and the outbreak of ; the "Black
Hand" disturbances in New York's Italian quarter. Cause and effect
are herein beautifully demonstrated. SH
The meat war is over and Easterners may^again turn their eyes
hamburg-stcakward. .
THE SUNDAY CALL.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AN OLD DATE— S., City. The 9th
of September, 1S66, fell on a Sunday.
PUMPKINS— A Subscriber. City. For
information as to the methods used to
increase the size of pumpkins address
a" letter of inquiry to State Board of
Horticulture, Sacramento, CaL
BRITISH NAVY— Subscriber, Cal. In
order to know how many of the British
battleships have exceeded the contract
rile o£ speed on trial trip you h»«ve to
write to the British Navy Department.
London, England.
HOME FOR ADULT BLIND— H. H..
City. John P. Irish. Warren OIney, G.
E. Randolph and H. M. Sanborn. all
of Oakland, are directors of the Indus
trial Home of Mechanical Trades for
the Adult Blind, located in Oakland.
POETRY— W. J.. City. The Call does
not index poetry that has been pub
lished in its columns by its first line,
but by title, and unless the title is
given it is lmpossble to give the- dat»
of publication of any poem that has
appeared.
ASPHALTUM— E. M. G., Jamul.
San Dies, County, Cal. For Informa
tion in regard to any kind of asphaltum
for street pavement address a letter of
inquiry to the Board of Public Works.
San Francisco, Cal. State plainly what
you want to know.
POSTMISTRESS— B., Alameda, CaL
If an unmarried woman is commis
sioned a 1 postmistress and then mar
ries she must notify the Fourth As
sistant Postmaster at Washington, D.
C, make application to be reappolnted
and must furnish a new bond.
FLEAL— 31. S., Mt. Eden, CaL Tha
best method recommended for. the ban
ishment of fleas from a dog: is to rub
the : animal with a decoction of ths
herb of pennyroyal and if the herb
is not handy then use the oil of penny
royal. This will not Injurj the hair of
the dog.
CASEY'S DOINGS — Subscriber.
Felix. Calaveras County, Cal. About
the time that Casey of the Sap Fran
cisco Board of Public Works dismissed
an engineer at the City Hall without
cause, simply to appoint some favorite,
several of the city papers published
criticisms on the matter, but unless
you designate the particular paper this
department cannot give yoif* the data
of publication of such matter.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR — Subscriber.
City. .The Knights Templar owe their
organization to seven French Knights,
together with Hugues de Paganes and
Goeffrey de St. Omer, who, in the
twelfth century, founded the order In
Jerusalem for the protection of pil
grims to the Holy Sepulcher. Gov
ernors were appointed In every country
and known as masters of the temple,
and by degrees the ranks, which at
first were filled by wealthy laymen,
were thrown open* to "spiritual persons
not bound by previous vows," and
finally laymen of humble birth were
admitted as serving brothers. Knights
Templar Is the , designation given In
Freemasonry to the comma nderiea
which are the representatives of the
ancient Knights Templar.
The Government has made It possible
for every 'woman in the country who
owns a. few mulberry trees to keep her
self In pin money, provided she is will
ing to work for it at the rate of six
weeks in the year, telegraphs the
Washington correspondent of the New
York Tribune. ,
Silkworms the world over feed on ttfe
leaves of the mulberry, and after an
experience of more than two years the
Agricultural Department is justified in
the belief that America in time will be
able to rival the looms of Italy and
France. In order to Interest the people
of the country in this new field of work
the department will send to any appli
cant silkworms enough to start busi
ness, with full instructions how to
make the venture a Euccess. When the
crop is gathered the department .will
pay for the cocoons on a scale of $1 a
pound when dry. It is such simple
work and so easily done that women
and even children can engage in it
profitably, and if conducted intelli
gently there Is no reason why silk cul
ture cannot yield as good results as the
raising of chickens or bees, with far
less trouble. For Instance, a half-dozen
mulberry trees will net the culturist
about $60 a year. There will be literally
little or no expense and the care of the
worms means a few weeks' work in the
springtime, when it is a positive pleas
ure to be out of doors.
In a sunshiny room In the Arglcul
tural Department three young women
are kept busy every day, reeling' silk
from the cocoons that, are being sent
,in from nearly every State in the
Union, notably Utah and • Alabama.
Afterward it Is twisted • into shining
yellow hanks, ready for the mills of
Paterson,. where it will be 'woven Into
native ribbons and silks.
As the .department pays out. $4 for
the raw material, to say nothing of the
expense, of clerk hire, ¦books of .instruc
tion, machinery and' even mulberry,
cuttings for those who have no tree's/
It wiH be seen that ..the additional >1
a pound given by the mills does not
begin to cover the cost •' of the under
taking. The Government s does not
mind a small thing like that, .however,
if the. outcome proves ' successful, and
the department : has { pledged > itself to
buy all cocoons sent in until. sucli time
as the outputencourages" the erection of
silk mills throughout the country,
when the market will be general, 'as in
the case of other staple products. .
' Commercial silk' ctilture ~i requires ' a
smaller outlay, of "capital than almost
any other industry, : and ;' the net \ gain
the first year 'may "pay -for an outfit
which will last ' for many , : years." One
girl of 15 made enough'money this year
with her cocoons to. send herself to col
lege for the ' coming - scholastic term."
Another, in the * same- neighborhood.
failed to get returns enough to pay for,
her, outfit— which; serves • as an illustra- :
tlon that silk culture, "like, everything
I else, depends upon ; the \ way you go
about it. - . *
Australia is the most experimental
of all countries arid is the proving
gBound for all the advanced ideas re
specting the arbitration of labor dis
putes, state ownership or control of
public utilities and the ballot, says a
contributor of • the Philadelphia Led
ger. Whether these experiments suc
ceed or fail in practice, Australia is
doing the rest of the world service as
an object lesson. A contribution to
the current number of the Nineteenth
Century and After, by a Melbourne
woman, on "The Political Woman in
Australia." presents an interesting
resume of the progress made in the
political emancipation of woman un
der the most favorable circumstances.
The writer" rejoiqes in the fact that
her country has granted her sex ab
solute political equality with men and
has thereby reached "a position
unique in the world's history." The
Australian constitution is peculiar in
that it has no sex limitations. The
women enjoy the right to vote equally
with men, may 'become members. of
the Legislature' and hold other of
fices. It required about twenty years
to persuade the Australian woman to
ask for the franchise; but it finally be
came her possession and had a
marked j influence upon the recent
Federal elections, when the women
voted in as large numbers proportion
ately as the men hi. most of the con
stituencies.
. The writer notes that the women as
a rule voted 'for the candidates who
stood for economy in public expendi
tures and for careful national house
keeping. '¦;-¦ To the assertion commonly
heard wherever woman suffrage is
urged, that women will vote as the
men desireUhe writer replies^ that the
elections showed that the women, on
the whole, voted with independence:
at any rate, that they did , not vote a
straight : or "machine*', ticket as faith
fully as the men did. ¦ •
. "Voting,, means responsibility, re
sponsibility means power and* power
commands respect," ls;'her epigram-,
matic answer to the charge that by"
the'.'extension of. the franchise to
woman.' she: will" lose the "chivalrous
attention" of the men. - She previous
ly, held that, women i who would -lose
the respect- of men by voting were the
most assiduous in courting .the. wom
en's* votes. ' The, Sir Walter Raleigh's
and/ De Lorges '¦ are "thick as ileaves in
Valbmbrosa at. election' time.'
I The" writer was ; a
for the;Senate of Victoria and was de
feated. ; but ; there .• were eighteen can
didates , in ; the " field ; and " she \ finds en
couragement : in '' ¦ the V. returns, which
gave f her- 51,497 ; votes) 'when 85,387
w'ere I sufficient h to - elect. She regards
her'j v«te b.s a great triumph,, obtained
¦_Vih» spite'* of - the ; opposition of ; power
ful .daily papers .and the -prejudice
that /a pioneer 'always encounters."
She "thinks ¦; that full enfranchisement
for •women in 'England , niust/come by
the actlonof. the labor party, _ through
which, woman suffrage has been made
a • question. of practical politics in Aus
tralia, :¦¦ instead \ of - remaining,* as f In
othe'r ? countries, . "the ' suffrage States
in America excepted." a purely aca
demic '¦ question. > : '
GOVERNMENT INTERESTS
WOMEN OF THE COUNTRY
IN CULTURE OF SILK
POLITICAL WOMAN IN
AUSTRALIA IS BLESSED
WITH MANY PRIVILEGES
American Woman
Highlu Honored
at, Heidelberg
Lofty Language-.
Bystander — I expected to see you
shocf that Boston man when he gave
you the lie.
Georgian — He didn't give me the
lie. He only said that in his judgment
I was habitually untruthful. — Somer
ville Journal.
Ferfidity.
She — Jack played an .awfully heart
less trick on Flossie.
He — How's that?
She — Why, they were engaged, you
know, and last night at tne bal masque
Jack made up so that Flossie didn't
know him. H^e proposed and was ac
cepted again! — Puck.
The Black Hand.
"Charley had a dreadful time last
night," said young Mrs. Torkins. "He
says he was a victim of the 'Black
Hand."' ¦ '¦>
"You don't say so!" exclaimed the
caller.
"Yes. He came home wijhout a
cent. I don't quite understand the
particulars as he explained them. But
they pulled a deadly weapon on him
that is known as a club flush." —
"Washington Star.
Fixed.
Sir Conan Doyle recently told a story
of ah English officer who was badly
wounded in South' Africa and the mili
tary surgeon had to shave off that
portion of his brains which protruded
from his skull. The officer got well
and later on in London the surgeon
asked whether he knew that a portion
of his brains was in a glass bottle in
a laboratory.
."Oh, that does not matter now," re
piled the soldier, "I've got a permanent
position in the War Office."
Ftwston on Valor.
General Funsfon, at a dinner party,
complimented the valor of the Jap
anese.
"Their valor," he said, "is not like
that of a certain captain of the past.
"This captain was about to lead his
company into battle. He drew hi3
sword and waved it.
"'Now, my brave fellows.* he
shouted to his men, "you have a tough
struggle before you. Fight like heroes
until your ammunition is gone, then
run like antelopes. I'm a little lame,
so I'll start now.' "
One Masonic Secret.
If It becomes known by his lodge
that a certain prominent Mason of this
city has recently given away one of
their secrets to his wife grave trouble
awaits him. His spouse for years had
been continually exhorting him to tell
her just one of the secrets of the fra
ternity. But he remained inflexible.
She was persistent, and he a*. 'last,
with a resigned look, said that owing
to her eternal pestering -he would tell
her just one secret twenty days from
date.
Bright and early on the twentieth
day she asked:
"Now, John, what is the secret?"
With a solemn face he whispered:
"H-sh! The goat died!" — Philadel
phia Ledger.
Second-HantI Sermons.
Cyrus Townsend Brady, when In the
West as a young clergyman, met a
negro Methodist circuit preacher whose
district also covered a vast expanse of
territory, arid who, . In- consequence,
was able to use a sermon a lone time,
so many different communities did he
visit on his rounds. He had gone about
three-fourths of the way "round on one
occasion when, coming from his church
after the service, he encountered an
old negro, who, hat in hand, ap
proached and said:
"Dat's : mighty fine sermon, sah, of
yoh's. ; Ah likes It ebery time Ah hear
It. Seems we cross each other's track
putty of n, : sah, fo! to-day makes the
seventh bles't time Ahse heard yo*
preach It. Ah'm a ¦ bit uv a preacher
myse'f, sah: an' . Ah * wants ter say
when yo' gits fru'-wid dat sermon, Ah*s
ready ter buy it, sah. Ought ter last
a- long time yet t sah; It am such good
s^uff. 'Deed, sah, Ahse willin' ter gib
yo'.fo' bits now, jes to bin' th* bahg'in,
sah.V— New York Times. .
He read the war news eagerly, ,
The fearsome funny man;
Then reaching for his stock of puns
The punishment began. t,^
"To Russian army to the front
The wily Jap to beat.
Will show my skill.' the Czar declared.
'And prove the Russian fleet.'
"And yet, how could the Russian bear
To leave his home and wife
To rush across Siberian snows .
And risk his precious life?
"Tet never did the Russian flag* v-«
Through obstacles like these.
He vowed he'd bring those awful Japs
Upon their Japan knees.
"The Japs had eyed Manchuria
And said in manner cool
Since now we rule upon the seas— »
Let's seize upon the rule.
"Into a Russian harbor then
They sailed with conscience dear.
Those Japs feared not a harbor
And they harbored not a fear.
"They found the enemy asleep.
They aimed their shots as well
As Dewey at Manila when
He gave the Spanish shell.
"And If you ask how goes the fight
As It has gone thus far.
And who Is being bested now.
I think the Russianszar.**
And having thus expressed himself ¦
The punster dropped his head
And fixed in space a glassy stare.
They shook him. He was dead.
— Kansas City Star.
HIS LIST EFFORT.
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
COPYRIGHT, 1904. BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
WHILE all business men feel confident of the safe and sound
condition of the country, it is a- further addition to their
feeling of security to have it affirmed, by the able Secretary
oi the Treasury in his political and his non-partisan addresses. In
his talk to the "business men of all parties who gave him a banquet
here on Monday night, he showed that, with the largest volume of
circulating currency in the world, the most money per capita of
any natioq, and every dollar equal to gold, the" standard for it all, we
are in a position td" avoid any business vicissitude by having the
resources to meet it and avert it. •
The gold standard has so increased our stock of that metal
that we are able to sustain in circulation $300,000,000 of greenbacks,
pure fiat money, with no value except for redemption in! gold, and
can also carry a silver dollar circulation of $300,000,000 less in its
intrinsic than in its nominal value. Our gold stock is capable of car
rying all this, and the gold standard makes every dollar worth a
hundred cents.
But the Secretary appreciates, as do all financiers, the desir
ability of doing still better in the future, by substituting sortie other
and better form of curreiyy\for the fiat paper and the over-valued
silver. It is believed, and there is much financial experience to jus
tify it. that a gradual elimination of the fiat paper would result in
supplying its place by gold. As the Treasury retains $150,000,000
reserve gold to redeem the fiat money, that sum would be released ;
at once, and it is easily thinkable that gold certificates as a convenient
paper currency would soon take the place of the rest of the fiat
notes. Some time this part of the problem must be approached,
dealt with and solved, and when it is, fiat currency will be a thing
of the past. .- : ;;f. 'V
Maintenance of .the present volume of standard dollars in silver
is not exactly the same as support of fiat paper, because each silver
dollar, having one leg to stand on, is only 'half the burden on a gold
dollar that a fiat dollar is. Yet the time will come that standard
silver will disappear from our circulation, largely by conversion into
subsidiary coin, and thus will be realized the*purpose of the coinage
act of 1853, a Democratic measure, the purpose of which was de
clared -to be a sufficient supply of subsidiary, silver to serve the
public convenience in small transactions, leaving gold the standard
and the currency for large transactions. ; "-%.-}
In respect of these two measures the currency question, greatly
advanced toward a settlement since 1896, awaits a scientific con
clusion. Another feature in our currency system was referred to
at length in the banquet speech of" the Secretary. The Call has
been insistent in arguing for a more flexible banking system, .that
will enlarge the volume of currency in such commercial emergen
cies as the annual movement of the crops, and contract, it again
when the necessity is past.
Without suggesting it as the only plan, or going to the extent of
an official indorsement, the Secretary said : "Suppose the national
banks are permitted to issue a certain volume of currency, either
based upon the capital of the bank, or upon the amount of bond se
cured currency, and are charged not less than 5 per cent interest
during the time this currency is out. Certainly such currency will
spring into existence whenever money is scarce, and if the banks
are compelled to pay 5 per cent interest thereon, they will retire it
as soon as the pinch is over. It can be retired by the deposit of an
equal volume of currency at any of the sub-treasuries. It will not
be-necessary to redeem each individual bill. The volume would be
contracted as much by the deposit as by the destruction of the
bank bills. The interest charged would vastly more than cover any
possible loss. I desire to go upon record as being opposed to the
issue of any kind of currency the Government does hot guarantee,
and I am equally opposed to the Government guaranteeing bank
currency without first being amply secured."
Our California bankers have not been hospitable to the propo
sition for an emergency issue. Perhaps this is because they feel the
pinch less than it is felt in the financial center, New York. But the
sentiment of one part of the country arising in its local situation
should not stand in the way of a measure for general relief which
may safeguard the whole country against a currency pinch that
may degenerate into a panic. As we have often pointed out, the
problem is not one so much of volume as of distribution of cur
rency. An emergency issue will reinforce distribution, by appear
ing where the necessity is and disappearing when it is over.
SHAW ON FINANCE. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY; SEPTEMBER 10. .iyU4.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SOUS D. SPRECKELS 4 . .' » Proprietor
AWDHES3 ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX 31OAUGHT » Manager
PUBLICATION OmCK THIRD AXD MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
TaTURDAY SEPTEMBER 10. 1904
8
LEADER OF A UNITED AND PROSPEROUS COUNTRY.OAKLAND, Sept. 9.— The Oakland
Paving 1 Company's burikhouse and
cookhouse, located at the "old-East
man quarry in Piedmont, were de
stroyed by fire' to-day, the Joss ¦ being
about $500. Engine No.. 8 responded
to thg alarm," but the. firemen could do
nothing' on account of -lack, of water.
The quarry laborers, most of : whom
are Italians, were very much' fright
ened-and thought-only of saving their
personal' effects, making, no effort- to
extinguish the flames. , ;
Fire Destroys Two Buildings.
8ALINAS, Sept. 9. —^Word has been
received here of two serious pasture
fires, one at Jolon and the other in
the San|a Lucia hills. .
The. fire at Jolon started on ' the
Chilpeters ranch and swept over 7000
acres Qf. pasturage. It is gaining head
way in spite of the efforts jof a large
force of men to prevent; its progress.
Several ' ranches are threatened and
additional help has been asked for
from nearby settlements.
The fire which started in the Santa
Lucia hills yesterday and which was
thought to have been extinguished
broke out afresh this morningrnear
the Laurelles ranch, the property, of
the; Pacific Improvement Company.
Three thousand acres: have 'already
been laid waste. ' V '
PASTURAGE DESTROYED.
Hills of Yolo Ablaze.
'WOODLAND,-. Sept. *9.-^-Forest fires
were raging in the hills: in .the west
ern part of Yolo County. It was; re
ported here to-day that a section. of
Rogers ra nch, ' above Cadanasso, had
been burned. Fire is also raging" on
the Carey' and Stock 1 ranges. .Men
succeeded in driving most: of the'eatr
tie on the first named, ranch . to a
place, of, safety,. :¦ There is nothing
definite regarding ihe of
the Scott ranch, which is fartherback
in the h'lls.
The following were on the games
and floor committee: James Hore, W.
Lynch. G. Meagher, Dr. Sullivan, T.
Connell.' G. Powleson, J. Fogarty, C.
Tully. A. Quinn and T. Higgins.
Father Moran in the absence of
Father McQuade. who is in Manila,
worked very hard to make the picnic
a mccess.- and his efforts were.jrrati
fled. sBEBBUm ' [ -- .:-'--¦ -.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 9. — The annual
picnic of the Church of the Holy Re
deemer of San Francisco was held at
Schuetzen Park to-day. The members
of the parish and their friends consti
tuted nearly 2500 people and all pres
ent enjoyed themselves immensely.
The erreater part of the day was de
voted to dancing. In the afternoon
races were run in which the old took
as much pleasure as the young. The
results of the races are as follows:
Rac*" for boy* . under 10 years — W. Mc-
Laushlin. C. Whearty, . -
Oirls under 10 — Julia Joyner. nose Hasan.
Boys' race — II. Smith. A.-Hobunr..
Oirls' race— Mary Coiman. Miss Hagan.
Young men's race — J. Murphy, ' Ed ; Berry.
Young ladies' ' race — Annie McLaughlln, E.
lUrklin.
Holy Angels' Sodality— Martha Buckley, An.
nle McLean.
St. Aloyslus Sodality— H. Smith, B. Doyle.
Gentlemen's Sodality — A. Jinn, E. Klrby.
Altar boys' race— J. Wolters, A. Campbell.
Mairied men's race — L. Enerrnark J. Kenny.
Married women's race— Mrs. Jones. Mrs.
Bail.
Church of the Holy Redeemer Picnic
Is Successful;
GREAT FUN IN MARIN.
P^IOGRESO, Mexico, Sept. 9.—,
The fire which started yesterday raged
unchecked all day. The fire wiped
out an entire block of business houses,
which for the most part were .two
story structures occupied by firms en
gaged in general merchandise busi
ness. The lostf is $1,000,000. ..
The burned buildings are two
blocks south of the water front and
face one of the - principal plazas di
rectly opposite the custom-house.
Flames Wipe Out Block of Business
Houses — Damage Is Estimated
. at $1,000,000. ,.^
FIRE IS STBLJj BLAZING IN ; -
CITY OF PROGRESO, MEXICO
During conclave -week,. September 5 to 10 In
clusive, 'the Southern Pacific will run • the
theater train, leaving San Francisco at ll:;:o
p. m.. through to San Jose, stopping: at Inter
mediate swints. .' '*i±ii*.*£-
Theater Train Daily to San Jose.
A' delfea'te .T5aby,'girl six months old
died from prostration / ejirjy. : yes
terday/: -morning.^ ilts parents .were
Emily and CharlesuTaylotv and it .was
being cared for ; by" Mrs. Lundcm, 4 3
First 'avenue, .for V? 3- per " -Aeek;,^ Dr.
Garlick, /Third '. avenue And Clement
street • was ¦- sent 4or, about 2 o'clock
Child Succumbs | to Heat.
WALLACE, Idaho, Sept. 9. — One of
the largest mining deals made in the
Coeur d'Alenes in recent years . was
consummated to-day when the final
consolidation of the 'Frisco, Bernier
and Flynn groups was effected. The
'Frisco, which is one 6f the oldest pro
ducing properties in the district, has
a total output of several , millions of
dollars. The other groups are not so
well known. The new company will
be capitalized for $1,500,000. The
'Frisco Is owned by New York capital
ists and the Bernier and Flynn prop
erties by local mining men. , . : - -•
Three Properties, One a Large . Pro
• dueer» Are Consolidated AVith
Capitalization of $1,500,000.
BIG MIKING DEAL IS
CLOSED AT COETJR D'ALENES
ROCKLAND. Me., Sept. 9.— The dis
masted and waterlogged wreck of the
British schooner Bonny. Dopne has
been towed to this port. The fate" of
her commander, --Captain^ Hayes, and
his crew, believed to consist of five or
six men, and, Lester Dondale and son
of Clementsport. N. S., is unknown.
The vessel showed evidence of having
been in collision:
Fate of Crew Is Unknown.
Several hundred people attended the
second annual excursion and picnic of
the Municipal Civil Service Employes'
Association at Camp Taylor yesterday.
The day was delightfully spent, the
committees In charge having been un
tiring in theij; efforts to make'the af
fair successful in every detail. A' full
brass band furnished the music for
dancing and there were games and
races for young and old.
The wheel of fortune came in for a
large share of attention,, among the
patrons being Harry S. Sheehan, Tom
Farrell, Ed Brandon, Harry Zeman
sky and Ben I. Salomon, who Invested
so largely . that they were obliged to
draw on their bank accounts. The
winners in the races were:
Boys under 12 — Vincent Rlley, James 8haw.
Girls under 12 — Mary^Riley, Margaret Fla
herty. "-¦'« ii
Boys under 18 — V. Rlley, Emxnett H. Foley.
Girls under IS — Clara Jones, Rose Jacobs.
Married ladies— Mrs. R. Jones, Mrs. J. J.
Flaherty.
Men's race — A. Berliner. E. Foley.
Ladies' race — Rose Jacobs, N. Bennett.
Fat ladies' race — Mrs. Frank Haakell, Mr*.
W. Fisher.
Fat men's race— Rudolph TJrbals, B. F. Ed
wards. N ' ¦ .
Standing Jump — P«ter Oreb, P. J. Johnston.
Hop, step and jump— Peter Oreb, Rudolph
Urbais.
The committees ini charge were: . )
Arrangements — B. I. • Salomon, chairman;
F. Rlttlgstein, secretary; George Varcoe, trea»
urer. ' *
Prize — F. A. Beiderman, Thomas Llnton, I.
Schwartz. J. T. Sllvera, D. Wolfe, W. Farnum,
H. Shec:»dn.
Games — E. J. Brandon. W. Jordan, T. A.
Casserly. R. J. Curtln, F. E. Haskell, I. Cit
ron. T. J. Powers. M. Heyfron, E. F- Murphy,
P. R. Hennensy. J. C. Garbarlno. J. E. Camp
bell, O. S. Mish. D. Reardon, J. W. McCar
thy.
Floor — H. Sheeban (manager), T. E. Has*
kell E. M. Coffey, W. Farnum, T. P. Lydon,
O E. Ruperlch, J. W. Reinfeld. J. Lynch, J.
b! Fickett. B. Rickey, J. F. Stewart. M. D.
Evans, G. J. Grinneli, D. Greene, H. Olsen.
Municipal Emploj-es' Association Holds
... - picnic. at Camp Taylor. Lv> .
CIVIL SERVICE OUTING.
Mountains of Santa Cruz
lgnatian Council No. 35, Young
Institute, enjoyed its annual ex
cursion an outing yesterday at Sun
pet Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
The attendance was much larger than
had been expected by even the mos*
sangTiine of the members, the train
r-efnK fo large that for safety and
comfort it was found necessary to di
vide it into two sections. The start
was made from the Third and Town
s*nd street depot at 9:43 a. m., and
the park was reached at 1:30. p. m.
after a delightful ride through pictur
esque San Mateo County, the prune
and apricot orchards of Santa Clara
and the redwood groves of the Santa
Cruz Mountains.
After luncheon the time was pleas
antly ppent in dancing and in the,
games for prizes. In addition there
were nearly 100 gate prizes. .Praise
is due in great measure for the social
success of the picnic to the committee
on arrangements — Richard. D. Blake,
chairman; Frank A. McCarthy, secre
tary, and Ignatius D. Dwyer, Frank
J. Monahan, Bart H. Foley. John F.
Linehan, John P. Duffy, Thomas J.
Branson, John F. Barry and Frank L.
Smith.
Rev. Philip Byrne, Rev. P. J. Ryan
and Rev. J. J. Cullen also co r operated
with the committees to make the af
fair a success.
The following were the prize win
ners in the games:
Race for eiris. 12 to 1« years— Ruth Hart
an-l Catherine Lafferty. first and second prizes,
re;-jK:ctively.
Uac« for beys, 12 to 18 j-cars— Gus Donovan
end Al Whelan.
Tbr»e leEStA race— J. A. Egan and Albert
Flattery first/and Chsrles Welch and G. War
ren iiecond.
Fingrle ladles' ra/-* fno a** limit) — Mlnnia
KugelittTg and C. T>esby.
Backward race — R. Kennedy and W. Kelly.
Siasie men's race — Ed Kenney and F J.
O'Neill.
Pack race — Edward Whelan and Albert La
cfftrbe.
Race tor members of No. 35 — J. McCoeker
and F. L. Smith.
Partnership race — B. C. Egan and M. Brady
Larpe Crowd Knjojs Day in .Shaded
IGXATIAX COUNCIL'S OUTING.
Crew Leares In Boats— Not Known
Whether Craft Was. Freighter or\ ;
Passenger Carrier. « : -
HIGHLAND, Mass, Sept. lO.-^-A
large vessel has ben sunk off Highland
Lightship. '¦•• "">
- 'The crew- left the vessel, in boats.
It is not known whether the wreck
was that of a freighter or passenger
boat. ¦ -> -.
LARGE VESSEL. FOUNDERS
OFF HIGHLAND LIGHTSHIP
Spelter closed at £22 12s 6d in Lon
don and at $5® 5 12 V$ in the local
market. - ...
Iron closed at 50s 3d in Glasgow
and at 43s 3d ln.Middlesboro. Locally
iron was unchanged.
Copper was higher in' London, spot
and futures there both closing at
£57 10s. ... Locally. there was no quot
able change, though the market
¦showed a-steady tone. . Lake. is quoted
at- $12 «2»4@12 75; electrplytic,
$12 o0(g!12 75, and casting at
$12 37i^@12 50.
Lead was a shade higher, at- £11 Bs
in. London, but remained unchanged,
in the local market, with spot quoted
at $4 20 @ 4 30. > ¦ ' :.*:'•
XEW YORK, Sept. 9. — There was a
sharp break in the London market
to-day, which was taken to be in the
nature of a reaction after the recent
strong advance. Spot, tin closed at
£124 15s and futures at £125 7s 6d.
Locally the market was easy and lower
in sympathy, closing at $27 25 @
27 60. • . •'• \'. r - •¦ •• ¦ - - : -
Change In Nature of Reaction After
Recent Strong Advance. :~i'%
BREAK IX LONDON MARKET.
;:::'. W' Will Return Soon.
". LASSA, Tibet, Sept. 9, Xvia Gyang:
tze, Sept. 9.— kTolonel Younghusband,
head of the British mission, j and the
Tibetan officers signed a formal treaty
to-day in the apartments of the Dalia
Lama at Pbtla. . The. ceremony was
vej-y picturesque. The terms of the
treaty were • read . out only in the
Tibetan langauge. ;•-. Its details will be
published later by'the foreign office
at Simla. The proceedings closed with
a short -speech by;C6ibnel Younghus
band,' the Dalia Lama, is now supposed
to. be well on his. way Into Mongolia
and the officers, insist that his action
amounts to abdication. The adminis
tration is now carried on by a Council
of Regency. It Is believed that Tashla
Lama will eventually be recognized as
the supreme religious head. The ar
rangements for the return of the Brit
ish mission are complete.
Colonel ; Yonngh iisband's j | Expedition
1.'. Accomplishes Its Purpose - and
BRITISH . MISSION SECURES
, v ;.; • ITS TREATY rWITH TIBET
NEW YORK, Sept. 9.— Reading held
the center of the Stock Exchange stage
and its violent movement was the
dominant influence on the whole mar
ket. WMen It broke to more than a
point under last night, after the mar
ket had opened strong, it was concluded
that important speculative interests
were getting out and the . traders
rushed to follow the movement. Union
Pacific also got a point under last night
and the Pacifies continued to be af
fected by profit taking all day.
Some- selling of stocks was based on
the belief in damage reports to the
corn crop. ! That oereal, however, was
Inclined to decline in price. This was
attributed in part to the disposition to
take profits in It before the appearance
of the Government's monthly report to
morrow. This report is also awaited
with Interest in the stock market as a
measure of the - prospect in that crop.
It is evident that the stock market is
sensitive to the- corn crop news and
anything decisive on that point would
be likely to have Important effect on
the Grangers.
United States Steel preferred was
sluggish during the greater part of
the day, but it was suddenly brought
into the advance and lifted to a new
high figure on the movement. Other
metal stocks and those of metal-con
suming companies also responded, in
cluding Amalgamated Copper. The
movement in Rock Island was- asso
ciated with the current reports that the
control of Chicago and Alton had been
picked up in the open market in the
Rock Island Interest. Chicago and Al
ton was .neglected and unaffected by
the story. The late upward movement
in sympathy with United States Steel
preferred made the closing strong. The
prospect of another weak bank return
was of little effect on the market.
' Bonds were active and firm. Total
sales, $6,210,000. United States bonds
were unchanged on call.
Then followed an ' intermission of
the races to permit of a contest be
tween a quartet of Court Acacia and
Court Southern Heights. . The first
prize of $20 was awarded to the first
named court, and the second, SI 2. to
the last named. The Acacia quartet
is composed of A. C Laurarice, Fred
erick Adams, George A. Gielow and
O. K. Brown. " ' *
This was followed by a short ad
dress on the "Day We Celebrate," by
High Treasurer Ed N. .Cameron, who,
at the close, presented to Junior Past
High Chief Ranger O. S. Cooper of
Vallejo a handsome and valuable em
blematic jewel voted him by the High
Court as a token of appreciation of
his services while high chief ranger.
After the distribution of the gate
prizes the races were resumed with
the following results:
Chief rangers— Johnson ©f Court Seal Rock
and Lewis of Court Southern Heights.
Past chief rangers— A. B. Johnson, J. B.
Williams, H. C. Relmers.
Board of deputies — President J. P. Murphy,
Secretary G. W. Kuss. O. K. Brown.
Egg and spoon race — M. Topp, J. Graham,
J. Stewart Jr.
Young- married ladies' race — Mrs. L. Relmer,
Mamie R«mus, Effle Hartman.
Race for all — A'. A. Birtsh, James Merish,
J. Kerr.
During the^ afternoon there was
dancing in tile pavilion.
The excursionists were a family
gathering of the members of the r tfr
der and their families. After luncheon
the members of Court Los Gatos, act-
Ing as a reception committee, extend
ed welcome to the visitors.
. There were a number of raoes/wltta
the following results: '_.'¦: '['- ¦¦:'-.
¦ Girls under 10 years — Gladys Hamilton, Bes
sie Murphy. Qranice Anderson.
Girls between 11 and IS years— Louise Youns,
Blanch Head, Emma. Mena Richards.
Young ladles' race — Madge Hamilton, Gertie
O'Malley, Winnlfred Sullivan.
Members under 40— John Kaher, H. A. Bras
ale. George Symon.
Members over 40 — George King*, John Dela
cey. E. de Morris. «s " ' . . •¦
Companions' race — Rose Young, Mrs. J. T.
Murphy. Mre. O. Delaney.
Three-legged race — Symon and Graham, De
Morris and Davis, Harvey and Youpg. . -
Fat ladies* race— Isabel Williams, HettU
Kelly.
Fat men's race— W. D. Williams, M. Tops,
Frank Fisher.
Hop, step and Jump— A. A. Blrtsh, Neal' Mo-
GUI. E. M. McMullen.
. The fourteen courts of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters of San
Francisco and ' the four companion
courts celebrated Admission . day at
Bunker Hill Park, Los Gatos," yester
day. The celebrants left the train
of thirteen cars and. on the way down
picked up members of the .order at
Colma, San Mateo, Redwood City and
San Jose, and by the time these had
been added to the San Francisco con
tingent there were nearly 1100 people
x>n the train.
3Iany Members Have a Pleasant Time
¦in the Mountain Town..
FORESTEKS AT I.OS GATOS.
Publication o^flovfernmjfeni;^
Monthly Eeport of the Grorp'
Is Awaited With Interest
. CHICAGO, Sept. , 9.— Another day's
ipvestigatibn by- scores of detectives,
police and citizens, ueighboris of B. F.
Crfwfprd;*., has . failed to unravel the
mysteries. surrounding the inexplicable
attac^-UDon Miss Mabel MacPherson
in her. fashionable/ home on Sheridan
road,;Evanston, where some unknown
person seriously injured her by throw
ing carbolic acid in her faqe. The po
lice do not -understand .why they have
not beehipermitted to see and talk with
Mtes MacPhersoriT Hospital attend
ants, under, instructions,- have posi
tively; refused to permit any one to see
the I young, womaniand aaeert- that she
cannot be seen for at* least, a week, as
hec-burns are of such a nature that she
cannot; talk. .-
Miss Marion Crawford/ daughter of
B.F. Crawford; a pretty girl of 22, was
in the.hotise at ;the^tlme, but declines
to give any details.' of the, occurrence.
Others who were In the house were two
elderly women.^.one an aunt- of Mrs.
Crawford, and , her sister. They also
refuse to-talk. Tests were made' to-daj
of :the . flul<T remaining iri the bottle
/supposed ' to contain carbolic acid, but
it' proved to be' a harmless liquid. This
adds' to the mystery of : the case.
Hospital Attendants Will Not Yet Al
r;low 'the Police- to Question Miss
. . . 1,'. r, McPhersph, the Victim.
kvaxstox ;:acii> throwing
outrage: st'iLr* a mystery
COIUvtiSHOWi^A- DECLINE
Ano^hfr^eatur^-iof the cooler' wayfe,
that is coming, over ;; the coast is the
fdg horns, v They blowing out" be
yond the : head» find-'Mr; 1 M«Adie« in
his Clay-streets home .hears their ex
qliislte melody and Jhe knows that "the 1
white v fleece will/ temper T'th*^- city 'and
harbor,' eliding ,the* sunjstroke danger
period. -.^^ , : \ \;~
"I «a n~ hea¥" thVfoghopnsV" "safd - Fo?e2i
caster McAdie | lait night; '.'.'can'tv you ?
It ismusic, isn't it?^/^ej.fog wasalit-.'
tie slow "getting along the coast-7-elower
than I anticipated; but : it is here, .and
my warning :to . our- cityful of viBitors
tQ betready^ for 'a 'quick' change hoWs
good. We. have r seen ? the. itemperaturf
drop, flfty-th'ree decrees Inaf&y here
in California; .and .thought notjiint.
of it.- ;At.9 this morning, the wind f row
the ocean' .'ble.w> twenty;- four, miles an
hour, .and'"later>'lt mereased- to' thirty
miles. .The temperature dropped stead
ily tweiity-two .deg«kes: and* is about
twenty,-eig££;degrees?lpwer »ow./iu '•
"This;-.unusu^Ll- ho.%. sp£ll. is duetto- one
of two --iThe first '¦> is _the \area
of high^repsiire, -which: bririgsi, a-bout
a strong "air-, movement' in :the Slower
levels, from* the\mountains>t6\the 'sea/
It is a condition 'Very simllar^tb *the
•foehn," or north; wind, in .'certain locali
ties in Ge"rmanv. and'upted by the Ger-,
man f orecasters>.The f atr "is warm, prob
ably dynami<;alljV;^^THi8 ,1s the usual
cause. : *- ; -->:<!^' /---¦¦- '-. -*' • ¦
"The others causejia- an area of low
barometer ."over Mexico: anA'I-iOvyer CaH
if ornia. And j this, ;^I 'think, . was the
cause this tirrie.v It was an. unusual hot
period, intense and prolonged, and "th*
hottest wave on record.' 'There will be
a falling temperature over, the': State
now. ' ¦ A V ¦¦'.;' '¦¦'. •
"With the forty- flve-mile: wind blow
ing at Point Reyes this- morning ,' k I
knew it would: get "cooleTi '.There was'
a f fog out at sea' as the- strong' land
currents kept it ; frbm coming in to the
shore. Now the -wind has changed
back to west andthas brought the' fog
to us. It may get : quite cool, as it was
last week, and the strangers here will
see another class of San Francisco
weather. However, they may as well
be prepared for it. •
"Let -me quote these two paragraphs
from The Call of Thursday:
All who read the weather forecasts yester
day morning rejoiced over these words: "Fair
Wednesday; cooler; lffcht north wind, chang
ing to brisk westerly, with ioz." . -•¦ .
The prophecy bore Mr. McAdIe'9 signature,
but there was no wind, there was no fog, and
there never has been so hot a day in San
Francisco. Furthermore, there was aot so
much heat In Manila or Honolulu, in Boston or
New York, aa in this city yesterday. .
"What- appears? in this clipping is
essentially correct except In the mat
ter of wind. There' was wind day. be-,
fore yesterday, light wind from 9
o'clock a. m. September 7 to 9 o'clock
a. m. There were 111
miles of wind,- for which we tare fully
I grateful,. or^ ought to be. ~.
i "May the time never-come when we
i will be withouV^irid ijJ this dear city,
i not too .much, but : "just" -enough."
Professor y-McAdle .rested easy.'.Jajsi.
evening. .He. left r ;his lofty ¦, perch on
the Mills 1; building _ when he . saw
thermorriiterB showing- .twenty-two' de
grees^"cooler than 1 the, preceding day,
and "'/a ! mice ; breeze blowing from the
oceaji'*at aboutCtw^nty-eight •' mi^es/ an
hd"ur; ; and \vent.t6 : . hig home, outt'Cliay
street, near Broderick: . He-: had^seen
the small mercury ."'in? the .-'glass tube
crawri'tfown at ! a 'steady pace from
eighty-one at 9 a. ' m. to seventy-six,
and Ke felt In a measure vindicated,, as
California was getting back -to the nor
mai:-r" i " ' ¦¦•••"¦¦: ;;/:"*. ' ¦¦¦*•:•*.*.'¦".¦..
BERKELEY, Sept. 9.— The annual
rlcnio of St. Roses parish Sunday and :
parochial schools attracted a big crowd
to Shell Mound Purk this afternoon. The
register at the turnstile revealed that
there were nearly 2000 people within
the park, though the noise and mirth
cf the n:errymakers made it seem as if
there v.cre 4000 there. It was largely
a family affair, almost every father and
mother in the parish having gathered
up the little ones and taken them for
the outirff.
¦ There v\ere all sorts of things to
amuse the bis and little ones. Dancing
•went eo la the pavilion all day. In
a big Bummer-bouse there - were Jig
dajicarg: and various other informal
"j tunts." On the race track there were
trials for the many, from the fat man
to the boy under eleven years old.
Sixty prizes were given a\ray to the
•dinners of the competitions, the gifts
bavin? been donated by the business
men of the parish and the Fathers J.
F. Xugeat, C. E. O'Neile and Charles
ilcMahon.
That the picnio was aa unqualified
euccess is due to the indefatigable, ef
forts of the committee of arrange
faenra, of which M. T. Coghlan was
chairman, "William Dlneen vice chair
man and Father Nugent treasurer. The
¦work of the committee was divided up
among the following named sub-com
mittees:
Floor eommitta*— Mlch&al Donahue fchair-
Tr«r.. Thomas O'Brien, John H&nnaa, Simon
Ross, J. B. L«Cire, Thomas Cluiek. Edward
Heaeessy. P. J. llcEUrojr. Henry Eilers, Jer»
n.ai Lucey. Edward Palmer.
Pre«» commute* — Rev. C. Q. O'SJell* (chair
man, Ttcrr.af McBrido.
Prize committee — Rer. C A. McMahon,
(chairman).
Gate cciainitt**^ — vrnilatn R, Walsh. M. T.
Cougfclaa. "William Boyle. M. Kllcullen, Wil-
Kam Dineea, John CwighlaB.
Oaeiea committee — D. F*. Kenny {chairman),
Jasi«» H!cke>\. Dajijel RJley, Michael Shea,
I>r. William Walsh. Jilcha*! DOnohoe, P. J.
MtEIpov, Patii'-k ±. Casey. Charles Dillon.
J." E. 1>?tf». William Murphy. Fred Timke.
James Whelaa, James E. Britt. Eddie Han-
Ion. Rer. C E O*Nelle. Rev. C. A. McMahon,
P^-. J. F. Nugent. William Gill.
General commltte« of invitation — Peter Bal
*er, TTiiliam Boyle, Thomas Baliard. James
Black. John Breslln. J. J. Brady. J. E. Britt.
John Brode-r, Thomas Broenan. P. A. Burke,
T. J. Burk*. John Oourhlin, M. T. Coughlln.
Patrick K. <7aj«^v, Peter Clunewi, P. H. Cos
trave, Frank Gre»n, Joseph Cusick, William
l>!n«*n. Michael Donohoe, Daniel Doran.
Charles Dillon, Jnhn Falkner, M. Flaherty. It.
J. Galhaily. Martin Gill. John Griffin, James
J Gulldea. James Hlckey, Bernard Hasan. J.
•T. Harnilej-. John Hardlman. Samuel Hawley.
John Hfaley, Thomas Horan, William Hunt,
H«rrj- Eilers. D. F. Kenny. Michael Kilcul
l^n. Thomas Kare, F. W. Keoph. T. J. Kenny.
Patrick Kerrigan, ThomaB Lanon. Henry
I^ejncke, J. fc I-^Pge. Thomap F. Maher.
Thomas Mafiffaa, <'harle« Montague. William
Murph> - . Thoman McBrifle, James J. McCann.
P.ev. C. A. McMahon. P. J. McETroy. John
McCarthy. P. McColgan, Thomas McDonald.
M. C. McGrath. James McQualde. M. T.\
>:»llan. K*v. J. F. Kusent. Kev. C. E.
O'JCeile. Thomas O'Brien. Thomas Palmer.
Jchn Pattoa, William Quinn. etephen Riley.
Thomas R"avey. T. B. Roach. C. B. Rode,
Par.lel TMley. William Roberta. Charles " T.
Fheehy. Jchn J. Fmlth, D. BuHivan. J. B.
Thompson. Efitrarfl Fharker. Michael Fh«a.
Fre<5 TJmke. P. Toland. P. J. Walsh. William
R, Walsh. Dr. William WaJf-h, James Whear-
Tj-. James 'U"h« v lan. PImon Tin**. Thomas Cu
*;--k. Jeremiah .Luccy. Edward Hennesay, John
•¦¦¦¦¦>• E, Hanlon, 'U'illiam Gill, Edward
McCoi^an.
first, and W. J. Brann and 'j. Cruden eec
cnd. . ,
Married ladies' race— Mrs. M. L..' Lyons end
Mrs. P. A. McSwecan. - -
Married men's race— Tim Burke and A. Kir
wan.
Pipe race— Ray Nolan and John Casey. -
Break in Market Indicates
That Heavy- Speculative
Interests Are Getting Out
Sees the Small Mercury in the Glass -Tube Crawl Down at
the Rate of-tr Degree a Minute, and Feels the Sea Winds
Blow Over, City, Dispelling Hottest Wave on Record
yesterday^ morning, ':: but too late to
save 1 the 'child's \ite. V The body was
removed to the Morgue.
Thousands of Enthusiastic 'Members of Various. Orders
Take Advantage of Delightful Weather and Enjoy Out
ings in Commemoration of State's Coming Into Union
STOCK TRADESRS
WATCH READING
FORECASTER McADIE HEARS
THE MELODY OF FOG HORNS
PICNICS THROUGHOUT STATE
HONOR ADMISSION DAY
THE SAN:. FRANCISCO :..CALL, ..SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER ,10, . 190J.
SANTA ; ROSA, Sept. J.^-A 1 number
of serious forest iflres ' are raging: in
Sonoma" County at the : present . time,
the'.- most .serious being:! in the 'north
western i portion of the counts'; ' Stew
arts Point , and Fisks Mills, two ; coast
eettlementB. are in danger of beingr'de-
Ktroyed ; by the flames. .Other fires- are
burning in the vicinity, of -this
and .around Hsaldsburg.^ ¦. : .. . •
Coast Towns In Danger.
9
POSTOI CEREAL.
TILK EDITOR'S BRAI.V
Did Not Work Well Und«-r Coffee.
A brain worker's health Is often in-
jured by coffee, badly selected food
and sedentary habits. The experience
of the Managing Editor of one of the
most prospr-rous newspapers In the
Middle West with Postum Food Cof-
fee illustrates the necessity of proper
f^edhiK for the man who depends on
hi? brain for a livlnr
"Up to three years ago." writes this
pentteman, "I was a heavy coffee
drinker. I knew it was Injuring me.
It directly affected my stomach and I
was threatened with chronic dyspep-
ela. It was then that my wife per-
euaded me to try _ Postum Food
Coffee. . The good results were - so
marked that I cannot say too much
for it. When first prepared I did not
fancy it. but inquiry developed the
fact that cook had not boiled it long
enough, so next time I had it properly
made and was charmed with it.
Since that time coffee has had no,
place on my table eave for guests,
r.oth myself and wife are fond of
this new cup which 'cheers but does
not inebriate* in a much truer and
fitKr sense than coffee. Jly stomach
has rftnimed its normal functions and
I am now well and strong again men-
tallyinnd physically."
"I |iin confident that coffee is a
npison to many, stomachs, and I have
recommended Postum with great suc-
cess to a number of my friends who
v.r^f silvering from. the use; of, cof-
fee." ..Name priven by Postum Co v
Battle Creek. Mich.
-Look-in each pkg. for the famous
little book. "The Road to Wellyille."
fi IV- ./, -,,-. v-;J . ,;. AUVKRTISEMKXTS. .
¦ '¦'"¦ " * . ' ' *"''- ¦¦•'-¦¦- . . t
¦•/'A* "Wirdtess Message $$%i
W|L $12.00 and Upward .J^zdS'
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO.,
' 41S POST STREET. ;
AMUSEMENTS.
SPECIAL MATXXSS TKXS AXTSB-
V • NOON.
WELCOME, SIR KNIGflTS!
THE AIMHEUSER PUSH
'=-,',. Funniest ¦ Play 1b the City.
.- Be* t Music, Dances. . Marches.
Twenty Excellent Specialties. ¦-
Scenery. Costuming: Un»qualed.
Unrivaled Caste of Burleaque Artists.
. \ Beautiful Chorus of Korty. ,
Nlcht Prices, 25c, 50c and 75c.
¦ Saturday and Sunday Mattnees, 23c and 50c
- c --Next Burlesque. "MISS MAZUMA.*' -¦-
Strictly Original and Funny.
OFE^lifHI 510^
LAST 2 WEEKS "t'hS! ass'
if TOREADOR
MATINEES i5?".S»Si?
fiVr^i- SERENADE
USUAI. TIVOLI PRICES— 25c. 50c. 78tf.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE!
The Great Sinsrinsr Tour; Burton and
Brook a; Three XitoheUs; "Our Boys In
' Bine," and Orpheum Motion Picture*.
' Showlnar the / . - '-
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PARADE-
: Last time of Mr. and" Mrs. Alfred Kelcy,
Klein and Clifton. Paul Barnes and. Eva. Wil-
liams and Jac Tucker, presenting "Driftwood."
Regular matinees every Wednesday, 'Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
'Prices — 10c. 25c and 60c. "
LAST TWO TIMES— TO-DAY. TO- J
NIGHT.
MR. FREDERIC BELASCO Presents
.. FLORENCE ROBERTS:
In Her Wonderful Portrayal of
SAPHO
TO-MQKROW NIGHT— Initial ap- .
pearance or MISS ROBERTS IS
"MABTA O7 THE LOWLANDS."
First Time !n the West.
>^^^ ttaiRrrSrimw Li»K,n ¦ *"f7VtW .
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager. -
TO-NIGHT TO-NIGHT
TO-DAY S5S^* TO-DAY
Oliver Morocco's Splendid Galaxy of Players.
MAJESTIC THEATER CO., Offering
ilffiB tte Kl|
Sunday, night commences second and posi-
tively last week of this splendid production.-
ALCAZAR 7ra f
General Manager
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY. '
Evs;., Coc to '75c;' Mats.. 23c : to 50c. ¦
| \A/ H I TT E | ASP THE ALCAZAR CO. j
|\A/HITTLEfeEY
• In the Romantic Irish Drama,
ROBERT EMMET
FIKST' TIME "IN SAN FRAJCCrSCO.
• Th* Original Version by Brandon Tynan.
Monday. Sept. 12. MR. WHITE WHITTLESEY
!n "THE 'SECOND IN (COMMAND." AS
PLATED BY JOHN DREW. ¦ - - >.. :
i Market Street, Near .Eighth. ..Phone South 5.X3
i TO-NIGHT— I^AST TWO NIGHTS
MATZXTSS3 TO-DAT AXO
| : TO-MOBBCW.
; Theodore Kremer"s "Jlost Powerful "Drama.
' Massive and Ma;niflcent Scenic Environment!
j - Brilliant Cast!
DDIfTC' KVENINGS.............:.lCc to 5Oo
j rKlvCd. Matinees. . . . : . : 10c, ,15c. 25c
Monday Wight . . .'. OITI.T A SKOT OIBL
'VMISCELLAyEOUS' AJUUSEMEXTS.
BASEBALL
:, ;•> AT \ RECREATION , PARK.
: Eichth and : Harrison streets.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
j SATURDAY' ... . . . .... :'.\ , . : : . . . T. . . . .3 'l». M.
STWDAY . . . : . . . . . . . . . . . . .*. "* . :v. .2:30 P. M.
•'.: Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Btockton St. ..
•t - '"'¦¦- A3JUSKMJ&NTH. ' * ¦¦ . • _
IN6LESIDE
Every
SATURDAY
* . .. ... cind
SUNDAY.: ;
Cour«iRK will terla at 11 o'clock aaary'aaA
ccr.tlnu* until th* lut wlonlnc tUg goac.npL
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $200D
AH Misatcin-rt. cars trmnsftr to Oyerrero
cars, which go direct to tba park.
JOHN GRACE, Juds«.
¦ ¦-- JDWARD SHORTSTAQ. SUpper.
f^AI 1 1MDI A m Fiasco!
Powell Street. .Near Market. . :.
MATINEETO-DAY
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT aad • ;
. AH SEZT VESZ. " .: '- ?
A Splendid Company. Including
..• E. M. HOLLAND. ;
In th« Fascinating and Intensely Dramatla
:?;¦' '*••• Study In Criminology, •
RAFFLES: T2rE AKATxtni ?
Next week— Last nights ot Kyrl« Bellew. 11
S REPT. 19.— "THE WIZARD OP OZ."
• . ' '. ; -.. ' WEEK BEGINNINO
TO MORROW MATINEE
. BOTHWEli. BROWNE'S
New Japanese Musical Extrava^aaza.
soo PRIIMCESS l^ce 5 ,? 11 "-
Clev«r Marchea, ¦
Juveniles FA IV • Ballets.
In • . ¦ "•' - - Gcrrecua ; '
? ne ¦ t a %• Scenery
Caat. - ¦•„: - TAIM an«
I Costumea..
Regular Matlce« Saturday.
POPULAR PRICES— 13c. 25c. Ma.
The Musical Goolmans
And • Splendid Show Every . Afternoon,
and Sreninff la the Theater.
TAKE A RXDB CCT THBJ ;
M3NIATXXKE EU3CTJU0 TMTTiilOaM^
1 • THREE BABY LIONS IN THB ZOa
INSPECT CABARET DB UL MORT. *
PRISMATIC EI.ECTUI0 TOVTTBABK
DISPLAT TO-NIOHT.
ADMISSION....... 10a | CHILDREN.. ..^99
, When Phoning 'Aak for "Tb» Chnt— .**' - :
>t!SCEI^LAN~EOUS AMUSEMENTS.^
DON'T fall to Tislt the NEW TORK, ttoj
- daily, and see the ILLUMINATED IXXBT
AT NIGHT. 7 to 10 n. m. Be mn to get
i ' the right tickets from Ura C. A. MoNXIUW
LAUNCH CO.. office and laadlns foot at
¦ ' Clay at., lust north of Terry building. ¦
;^MISCELLANEOUS.
In the Good Old . .|Bj
v Summer Time
Your colored shirts need to be so -laua^
dered a» to retain their pristine, baantar-*
you don't want the colors to run. to hav«
starched stiffness to chafe the skin about
the neck.' Well, here's the p«rp«r place,
ito get proper laundering dona sttmmer a*
¦ well as winter. ._ .' ; :
tmiTED STATES' LAUNDDY/
1004 KAXXST STSBXT* -
Telephone Sotrth 430.
PfliflrP DONT-FAIL TO
TilidWV see tj, e beaotifal
. j : ' COURT Loonrixxf
flfifl : room. the EMPIRB
ailu .P.aXLOR, th«
' r» t PALM ROOM, tha
" (ff^fifl LOIHS XV PAR-
Mlfl" u LOR, and the LA.
: u A | DIES*
| Hotels j »q qm » • ¦
THROUGH
jgl TOURSST SLEEPERS |i
~^T FOR ST. LOUIS li
.' ¦ ¦ SEPTEMBEB 1, 2, 5.6, 7, 8. 19, 30, 28, 29. ' H
OCTOBER 3, 4, 5, 6, 19. 20, 28. 27. M
f ROM SAM FRAIVCiSCO: I
On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 -a. m., with day-.r-l
, . > .light ride through 'Salt Lake City rand. Scenic Colorado, H
• -over Rio Grande Railway.^ ..¦"¦¦.'All sleepers ;;carried . via B
Denver,; thence- East on the : fast through «
trains to St. Louis. A. standard through; sleeper to St. 9
Louis everyday at 6 p. m. Same route. ' ' @
RATES: J
. AlUthe low Special World's : Fair Excursion Rates";!
authorized from Califorhia points apply for these ;Btir- '¦
lingtori Excursions ; other Excursions on ' frequent |
'- !¦* dates to -Chicago. . .." .... ' ! . : t >' fi
... Central Aaront. W. D. BANEOKN, Burlington Ticket OQce,, ' K
631 MARKET Sf.^UnderPaUc* Hotel): U
..... •'-¦':'.-' .,•'.'.;- .¦;•'...' '-'' : '.y-'S- :: ; :>';8iai|Prwiblioo.:;: •.¦.'.¦; ¦•'.. "' . "h
T% -^- '— '-r;- v ~---- —^-; —-::--*¦<•*— —^ — T'7'r 1 "' ";'•"'¦"¦; —
jRx&tf]r\ Matiriau: ~ One egg slightly
4&VW! /Ill fir \ one. tablejpoQnful of oyster
/Wb^^nI Af \ c l uor » twenty-five oyiten, fine Bsmf
M^ r TJ T 'w i l stt ' c >rca^ cram bs. : . ... , $£&&
Lea & rerrins
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE ,
Seasoning:- Man's heart » reached through-. hi» ttomach. The-.
• ... * woman who wishes to -surprise and pleaae her ncsbasd-..
will add to the dipping mixture one ttaspoonful of ¦¦.
Lea Cb, Perrins' Sauce.
t . . ....:-•
JO|J1» PTTMCAM^S SONS, Agents, IT1W TOS.K.THE/ SAN FRANCISCO 'GAEL, SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER 10, iyiM.
10
CIi AIB^OYAirrS — Cont-nTi&a. j_
AA — CALL at once and save it.
My famous *3 readings thi* week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your- name ana
what you want to know. I tell If husband. wlf»
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and wh"n
you will marry; in fact. I will tell every hop*,
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the greatest possible strength In mental
ami bctlily -vigor, and luck that Insures success
In business, mining, speculation: I Implant thfl
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one, aafl caus»
marrte-s *wlth one of choice 1 . 10 a. m. t**
r- m. : closed Sunday. 323 O'Farrell St.. 325.
TEMPLE OF OCCTXT SCIENCE.
Sittings, life readings, healing; instruction In
all branches: lady attendant; afternoons and
evenings. 213 Eddy »:.
1_TS3 ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. A palni.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestta
troubles, bus. and financial success: naxnes:
I*. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. Q. ave.
ISMAR.. Egyptian seeress. T^e Vendome. I1M
Market St.. San Francisco. Offlce hours — V>
a. m. to 3 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 8 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg. palmlst.cla!rvoyant. card
, reader: when others fall try me: good reading*
; 23c. 721 rranklln.nr.G.G.av. Tel.Larkln 4-0..
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist and card
reader; ladles only. 421 Hyda st.
MRS.' BAUMANN, the well-known £ort__«-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
EMPI.OYT-CENT OrriC-3.
A — JAPANESE and Chines* employment ©fflcs
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. 8S9 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
A— ORPHECM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlseso help. 42S Powell st. ; tel. Mala S753.
CHINESE Employment Of flee— Best ! help at
; Leon Seti-g'g. 411H O'Farrell; tel. East 42B.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographer*.
general help. "NATIONAL." SCO Hearst bid.
JAPANESE-Ch!nes» Emp. Office. 413 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr.'.tel.B— ih 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main S133.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLET & CO.. 640 Clay.
employ-_--tt wA_rr_D— nr_t A^»H^
A STRONG woman wishes work -washing on
Monday; half day Friday, sweeping and
dusting. Call Saturday evening or Sunday,
145 Twelfth st. _
SITUATION wanted by Scotch wwman cook fa
private family or housework In small family;
city references. 229 Franklin st.
GOOD lady cook wants work. ___dres» 8
Gough st.
SWEDISH girl wishes genersJ housework;
wages $15. 23S8 Bryant St., near 22J.
A YOUNG lady wants a pesttlcn In some of-
flce; Inexperienced. Box 12S9. Call office.
WANTED — A situation by a woman t» flo
general . housework In small American fami-
ly; Is first-class cook. 107 Minna st.. near
Third.
WANTED — Situation by a woman to> do gen-
eral housework in small American fanoilr:
Is first-class cook: no postals answered. 207
Minna St.. near Third.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation for gen-
eral housework; city or short distance ia
country: reference* if required: no postals.
unless carfare palJ.. Box 023. Call office.
A TO UNO woman wants position as working
housekeeper in hotel; wages $25; would go ta
country; experience; refs. Box 944, Call.
WOMAN wishes work; good cook, washing
and ironing; not afraid cf work: willing and
obliging; city or country. 143 Third st;. rm. 2.
LADY wishes position as companion for el-
derly lady or gentleman: Is refined and plays
the piano. Address A. Call offlce. San Jose.
A REFINED young lady wishes position as
companion or maid, to elderly lady prefer-
able. Box 1081. . Call offlce. -
THREE Finnish young women want positions
In families; general housework; references.
329^ Third st.
YOUNG woman, good worker, wants work by
day; $1 50 and car fare. MRS. C. 353
Minna st.
SITUATION wanted — By competent woman aa
working housekeeper: is first-class cook; city
or country. Box 1079. Call offlce.
COMPETENT Swedish woman wishes a situ-
ation: housework and cooking; wagea $23.
10S Eighth St.. near Mission. j
WOMAN wishes work by the day: good laun-
dress; $1 25 a day; no postals answered. 049
Minna st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
COLORED woman would llko to do washing
and Ironing at home. 113 Moultoa ¦_, .j ,
NEAT youcg colored woman want» work la>
private family or small boarding house;
country preferred. Box 649. Call offlc-.
HOUSEKEEPER and laundreas by mlddla-.
aged woman; city or country. Addrtaa room
15. 612 Fourth st.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper with small
family or to care for children; prtvats family
' or rooming-house. H.. Box 847. Call offlea.
GOOD dressmaker will go out by day daring
this month; $2 to $3 day. 650 Stevessoa St..
near Seventh.
REFINED young lady would Ilk, position aa
companion to lady. 808 Central ava.
A, YOUNG German girl wishes oosttloa tor
second work or waiting. Box 11C9. Call offlcK.
WANTED — To do cooking and Uiht house-
work: wagea from $25 to $30. 2952C Folsom.
GERMAN woman wants position as cook, prt-
* vate family: sleep home. Box 820. Call.
YOUNG lady wants position in - a dry goods
store. Address box S3O. Call office.
JAPANESE married girl wants position a*
helper; small family preferred; near Chest-
nut <t. EX SASAKI. 741 Chestnut ¦ sC
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recatved at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for T_»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMFIOYM-NT WA-TTEP— B ____.
GARDENER with long experience, accus-
tomed to taking charge of largs grounds.
well posted on propagation of bedding plants
and all details pertaining to gardening, de-
sires engagement. Box 1217. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER' and cashier. German (38).
temperate, 12 years' experience in offlce
work; references and bond; country pre-
ferred. Box 1043. Call offlce. .
A GARDENER wishes place or will take
charge vegetable place In hotel. Box 1103.
Call office. ¦
AN honest, sober man' of good habits wishes
a room for some work dally In this city. Ad-
dress box 1C67. Call offlce.
A COMPETENT engineer wishes position; does
his own pipelining and repairing; T years la
last place. Box 1220. Call.
FIRST-CLAS3 coachman and chauffeur; pri-
vate family: city or country; very best City
and personal ref. Box 797. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position to take car» or ranch,
or would like to rent chicken ranch. 11M
Market st. Oakland. ¦
POSITION wanted by a strong young maa aa
porter. Box 1069. Call offlce. \ •
A BRIGHT young man (13> deetres " position
In a music house. Box 1057. Call offlce.
A • MAN wishes position In a wholesale house
as bookkeeper. Box 1073. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as a machinist. Apply
42 Tenth st. ¦ ,
POSITION as nlcht watchman. Box 1040,
Call offlce. j '- ¦
HONEST, willing young man wants position as
porter and help tend bar. Box 1222. Call.
GARDENER— German, sober, reliable, wants
situation: ~_nJerstands care of horses; caa
milk; urivate Dlace. city or country; refer-
ences. Box 030. Call offlce.
ELDERLY, strtmtr. able and handy man, work
In private family or boardinjt-house: perma-
nent home; small wages. Address box 1077.
¦ Call. . .
MIPDLE-AOED ma* wishes position: can do
alt work on electric lights, call b*lU and tel-
ephones; Is wlllinc* to work as handy man.
Address EDWARD BARLEW. 113 Eddy »t.-
GERMAN <?S years). 2 month* here, wants
. steady .' position ; speaks little English; any
work where he can learn the language quic-;
city, or country. ' Box 842, Call of flea.
JOHN' D. SPRKC^in^-j^J^V^SJi
Address Comniur.icaUons to
TOEcyblcXAPGHT^^.VVv.
\vTj. SIAKTLN^. .Business Manager
TLL-IKONE.
Ask for THK CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Wl:h tfce L*r>-ruac_t Yea WUU.
Pub'lcstlcn Omcc Market apd Third. S. F.
_<l!tor:al Roc-is 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
D-lvered by C_rr!era. 20 Cts. Per W>e_. 73
Cts. IVr Month. Sins'* Copies 5 «-*«.
Term* t>- ila'.l Inciufiiry; Postajje .Ca^ \» It-
Order):
i^aily call Gaetnl. 6o_ftayV. 1 year. .$s. 00
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos... 4.W
DAILY CALL— fy Klasle >io_T_» •*•
PUNDAY CALL. 1 T*«r 2-60
\Y_EK_T CALL. 1 Year • 1™
f Pally. ..SS.SO Per Year Extra
rCP.EIGN \ s u-day. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. (^V.eekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
>!X rCSTMAETEHS ARE AUTHORIZED
A__ SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sa_r:» Cedes will be forwarded when re-
quested.
__U subscribers ta ordering change of ad-
Crets should be particular toglve both *f"
AND OLD ADDRESS !n order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with thear re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
10(10 Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3
BERKELET OFFICE:
£1-8 Center Street Telephone North TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENTJ
BA-TC-L W. WALL HoUl Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STAND:
Waldorf -Astorfci Hotel; A. Brcntano. 31
D-toTsSwrJ: __--r_y Htti Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel acd Hodman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehern__ House; P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Trrmoct House; Audftorium
Botei; I*ataer Ilccse.
CHICAGO REPRESENT AIT. V E :
C. GEORGE KROGNESfi. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central -bliJ. I
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ET_THEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAULTON Herald Square
BC£_T_SS OFFICE cf the San Fraaelsoo CalL
corner Market ar.d Third streets; cpen until
12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth: open until
11 d. _a.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
»:3l» p. m.
COO Hayia street; open until 0:30 p. m.
62» McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m.
6:13 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Miaeion street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until It p. in.
1 "•.'<• Valencia street; open until 9 p. ta.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until S n. m.
2200 reilincre 'street; cpen until 9 p. m.
CKUUCK S— BVXCXS.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, cor. Gold-
en Gat« ave. and Polk ' st. — Preaching to-
morrow ISabbath) at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
hy the pastor. H. IL Bell. D.D. MomiES
them*. '-Divine Jealousy." Evening theme,
"Atfcecs, Old end New," first in evening
series en recent Oriental trip. Sabbath
echool at 9:45 a. rn. C. E. societies at 5:3l)
er.d C:30 p. m. Strangers cordially invited
to all services. Pews free. Courteous ushers.
CoSM esd bring your friends.
-£—— TEgQr ITOTTC— S.
EXCKLEIOU Ecsroe Lodge No. 2,
I. O. U. P.- Regular tr.rrt ing :>**£_&£_&.
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.^BajgBSg
* CHARLES J. THELAN. D. M.
THE California Debris CorcmisEion having re-
vived application to rain* by hydraulic process
from Jae. C. Hager in Mount Pleasant mine,
near £i>ar:ish Ilanoh, Plumaa County, Cal.,
<lrair.in_- into S^nnirh Creek, which reaches
Feather River, elves notice that a meeting
to receive any pretests will be held at roora
$*!. I'lood building, tan Francisco. Cal.. Sept.
i"«, !«.".«. at 1:30 p. m..
THU California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to rain* by hydraulic pro-
«ess frcm Mike Corcoran Placer Mining Com-
pany, in Polar Star mine, near Dutch Flat.
Placer County. Cal., draining into the Little
Bear River, which reaches Feather River,
pve* notice that a routing to receive any
prottrta will be held at room 96 Flood build-
Jr«r. Fan Franci*co. Cal., September 19 1904
tt 1 :Sii p. m.
CHEAPEST ana bert In America— The Weekly
Cat!. 16 pages, eent to any address in the
United States or Canada cna year for 1L
pottos* paid. '7*
— — .JjffgOggE'yg-AT-IiAW.
n. . W. KING. Attcrney-at-Law. Exam, bldg
flth fioor; entrance room CU; establlEhed 15
year*; all cases, general court and offlce
practice; bo fee in advance or for consulta-
ticr.; ever.lr.gs ty appcintment. TeL Red 360L
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
(peciaity; private, quick: no pay in advance;
tnlclng companies orcanized;patects obtained.
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.; estab. 22 yrs!
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; quick, quiet-
all law buzlsess; no charge unless ruccess-
ful; cpen e venlr.es. 927 Market, room 204.
COLLECTIONS. attachment-, mechanic's
liee*. prcbate. tenants ejected. Attorney. 63_
Market «t, roora 23.
E1VORCE— Costa. $12; quick, quiet: advice
.ree; all law burir.ess; no charge unless suc-
ce—ful: cpen evening*. 027 Market, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
corts Is advance; all law business; offlce
cp«r. Saturday evenings. K13 Market St.. r.33.
L F CLARK, kit Market, r. 304; consultation
Tree; no tte« in r^3vaace; open evenings.
PATENTS obtained ; Information furnished for
tale cf patents. SONNTAG Agency. 214 Pins.
Columbian Law & Collection Agency, r. 85. 910
-.arket; tel. John C22R; tcHrlts rour bu*inesa.
3 !?!??? Ol J!J£ ES ' ~~
LOCO-rOEILE. lO.J-.ors, powerrsieate; In
rr-od runr.mg f.rd^r. Oail 4T3 Vafrncla tt.
ASTHMA CURE.
XJI NOLA'S Asthma Recieay" relieves Jnstant-
ly; 10c. _5c. We. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas-
al»o Wlthart. 10th and Wafchirgtoc OaUandl
J ?5^ Sf _? OC L?' ETC «
HATtTZ Mountain canaries i African gray par^
ro:». jvsi received. A. C. Hobl«on. S35 Kearny.
BOOKS
6CHOOL bofks, eld end rew, bought and' ___!
DALY A: Cl-r.RAN. S57 Geary »t.
CAjRPET^jBEATIgQ JigD CLEAHISO.
COM l'lT-SE BO Air ar.d Vacuum "proceei _*ed l -
lor cle»_:r._ carpet* on floor without removal-
t—rptts and rues also cleaned by cowpreesed
tt at shop; prices moderate. S. F Com-
rretted Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market St.:
phones Main It2 and Bu»h 473.
XVJiEN you become disgusted with your work
• end for SPAd-DiKCTa Piocter Carpet-beat-
Ir.g »-orkt. _t^-.t57 Tehama ft. Tet. South 40.
WEETEK.V Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
nson tt ; Al cleaning. 3e. FRED HAGE-
ttOKS ft CO.; phoae Mittlon _,_.
UnCHELL'S. 2«0 Fourteenth Bt.— First-class
carp«t cleaning ac yar_ Trl. MI««lon 74.
8 Superior Carpet" Beating Works.
-33 Oold<-a Gatt eve. Telephone Ea*t 12G.
KOPICE BP.OS.; exccl!»r.t carrct beating- mat-
trr-ytfM rr.ads over. 14.12 Howard ;t*l.South 216. '
ADVArci: Carpet cleaE-.r.R r.,.. 403 Putter «t • I
t^l Vain 394. OCO. WALCOM fc CO .Props! }
r.KLOLl'H & CO.. rarpel-tcatlr.jc works: nrlce.
rcatonable. 170.-; Tlarntrn «t.;td. Mission 203.
c *£, ArE «T "^a **« '.a~A^ertca-Th« Weekly
r* 1 . 1 . :6 _ f5tcw - etr? ** » n » r *d<Jre«s In thi
IJnl!e1 Kt-tes cr Cacada cce rtar far 11
l<vt^f> paid * ™. w
CHIROPODISTS.
COrXK, bur.lcr.«. Ircrcwing nalU removed"
rsJnlcm DIt. VroODP.irrr. S.%5 Market «t.
C-OTHIgO arNOT\T__TG.
firiTR rieared «nd preffi. *1; rr^urlng'iind
4y*ing. Ben March»>. Exax-lcer lildc. r. 410-
l.hcr.e Hrurnm 4«. Cc?l for and deliver free.'
cojuxscCTO-f orncrs.
H«a trtiaau ejected for $4; collections made;-
c:ty or eoaatry. Faclfie Collection Co. 415
_i'.:.:rorr.«rv. roon:* U-10; it 1. ilala MiO.
BUSINESS j_CHJ_NCTS;_^A_^
A— $1000; BAKERY; best locaUon In the MIs-
Ftcn- rent $45; all stox-e trade; baking, XVi
barrels r<r day; 4 years', lease; li living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE. 20Vfc Kearay tt.
A— $400- RESTAURANT and chophouse: oppo-
site carhouce; rent $1C: a good paying busi-
nci,!. See It. G. WIKE. 2<i# Kfearny st.
X— 59MO- BOARDING and rooming hcuse; SO
i-o.jir.s- kitchen, dining-room, • 37 beds; good
payin" and old established hcuse; lease.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^i Kearny st.
A— $2M»: HOTKL /with 27 furnished rooms
acrors the bay: 5 years' lease; rent $.5: busi-
ness first class, paying; finest location in
good business town. R. G. WILKE, _6Va
Kcarny st. .________________———-
X— $300: CORNER saloon on Fourth et.: rent
$30- living rooms: lease; a place established
years _nd well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
IGVt Kearny tt. \
A— $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. lc«-
crea.-n and candy store; rent $45; daily re-
ceipts about $35; business clears from $150
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vi
Kearny tt. '
A— $1200; CORNER ealoon on Folsom su ; rent
$26; place dolnff a first-class paylag business.
6ee It. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $1750; BAKERY, estab. many years: datly
receipts $50; baking ZV, barrels day.very beat
locat'n. Particulars R.O.WILKE.2q^ Kcarny
$2000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $30 per week;
rent $75 Including 7 rooms; located In the
choicest bU6lne»s part of tnis city. Call R.
ti. WILKE. -0% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
_a<iy receipts about $20; best location north
of Market et. Call R. O. WILKB, 26*4
Kearny st. '
A— $1800; CCRNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease; one of the b«st lo-
cations in thle city; rare chance. Seo R.
G. WILKE. Z6Vj Keamy et.
\— $0500- SALOON, one of the best on Market
st.; 4U-year leas*; rent $107; place is ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$:i30 per month. See R. O. WILKE. i'6fc
Kearcy Bt.
A — $2C0O; HOTEL in San Mateo.Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining- and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion: rent $100; horse,
wag^n and 3 cows; 5-year leas*. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Keamy at.
A— $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $50; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about 52800: a well established and
first-class paying business. See K. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district: owner bought .ranch
and sacrifices; saloon established years: a
first-class raying place. See R. O. WILKE.
26 Va Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
rent $50; place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lucch; on Montromery St., vicinity of
California; Dlaoe must be sacrificed on ac-
count of 111 health of owner. See R. O.
WILKE. 26 £ Kearny st.
A— CAMEKON _ CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters' for all kinds of busiess chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 6-room ark, moored
one hour*, ride from city: fine chance for
rummer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping-; automatic generators for
making own »ras; toilet; closets; everything
strictly new and modern; accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
- CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR Bale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant;, best coast city in Cali-
fornia; over 4000 population: sold aa whole
or 6eaar_tely; fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive interests
elsewhere only reason for selling; books open
fcr inspection. For particulars see CAM-
ERON - CO.. 3 Eddy Bt. .
FOR sale cr trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
'for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
AN Ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery: 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 per year;
price $2200; for further particulars see CAM.
ERON - CO.. 3 Eddy et. ¦
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery etore;
beautiful showcases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price asked; big enap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON _c CO.
FOR eale — Best little restaurant in city; down-
tewn; doing good business; cheap rent; own-
er has other interests and can't devote his
time to it; enap; $500. CAMERON _ CO.,
3 Eddy et
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-hou&es and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy et.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, cigar etand. saloon or business of
any kind, do not fail to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market sU.
rooms 41S-419; telephone Folsom 346S.
$600— RESTAURANT; north Market. near
Kearny; stands Investigation; rent $60. See
BERG. 31S Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. Eee BERG. 818 Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE; lease 4 years to run;
rent $50. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
FOR sale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 yeare; a fine located
home and established health resort, 27 rooms;
several mineral springs on It; old age the
cause. For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPINS SPRING. Bartlett Springs
Lake County, Cal.
FOR sale — Good Investment; clothing, hat and
furnishing goods store on east side of Kearny
St.. bet. Bush & Eutter: only reason for sell-
ing the prop, has another store to which he
wishes to devote his entire time. Call or ad.
POPULAR PRICE HATTERS. 330 Kearny.
INTEREST for sale In grand Santa Cruz Mt.
ranch In order to develop mineral, clay and
coal oi! prospects (all in sight) and to open
resort: best chance to make money on coast..
Apply to K.. box 1056. Call office .
DRUG etore and practice for sale in live coun-
try town: only drugstore andsdolng a good
business; very little opposition to the prac-
tice; bargain: investigate this. Full particu-
lars by addressing box 963, Call offlce.
$1000— GENTS' furnishlnir goods, stationery and
notion store: established ten yearn; six years'
lease; transfer corner; splendid' location;
business good; full amount Invested: rent
$40. Address owner, box 2187, Call offloa.
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm
desires cervices of reliable, energetic part-
ner with $750: large and increasing profits;
no competition ; permanent; steady Income-
experlgr.ee unnecessary. Box 4687. Call offlce.
FOR sale— Splendid opportunity for man and
wife; a restaurant In best location that you
¦re looking for. For particulars address box
1047. Call office.
ADVERTISER ha« located large tracts of wild
rubber In virgin Jungle; wants partner; prop-
osition will pay 100 per cent first year. Box
1124, Call office.
FOR s*le— News and «tat!onery store; well lo-
cated; losg established and doing good busi-
ness. For particulars address K. F. FRIEND
429 K «t., Sacramento. Cal.
FOR eale— Restaurant and oyster house* 1558
Market «t.. near Larkln; owner has 2 places-
cannot give right attention to both.
$150— PARTNER In honest business; wlllpay
5-ou $100 per mo. with your services: short
hours; Investigate 1130 Market st.. office 2.
FULLY equipped and rood paying butcher
ehop for irale: $500. Fcr particulars apply
FOR ea!e— Dairy. 80 cows. 3 horses. 2 wagons
fins private route; with or without lease Al-
pea Rose Dairy. 9 Otega av.. nr. Ocean View.
$3600 — GOOD cor. saloon; long lease; good lo-
cation; best beer seller in neighborhood. Box
1279. Call office.
$400 — A STEADY man as partner In paying
business: easily learned: no night or Sunday
work. Box 971. Call offlce.
YOUNG, energetic, reliable business^ man
wishes to invest $1000, with services, in pay-
Ing buslncsr. Box 946. Call office.
WANTED— Suitable party to start bay and
river freighting offlce: no capital ¦required-
free rent. Box 1045.; Call office.
PARTNER to buy half Interest In established
nursery and landscape business; good chtnee
for right man. Bex 1110/ Call office. ,
PBESSMAg-BS A-TD SEAMST— .-SgES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class; 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor
EDTJCAT^OITAIr.
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 733 Mission
«t., between Third and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest in the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — The LYCEUM,' an ' accredited preparatory
school for unlverstty. law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
v professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— The Paul Gerson , School of Acting glyes
more performances, and secures more engage-
ments for studentsfthan all other Western
schools; special- summer course. 414 Mason.
E ' R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
fhorthar.d. typing; $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured, day, eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, gurantees positions to graduates; Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. roin.. mech.. sur-
.vey. assay, cyanide: day. ev.; est. 1354; Van
der Naillen Echool. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.,
S3?. Phelan bids.; tsrms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.: positions secured. R. H, Webster. Prem.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
A _GALLAGIIER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
PIANO lessons by pupil of New En?. Conserv-
atory. 20 Glen Park ave.; phone Jessie 1546.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFillppe'sAcaderay
of langu.iges.1018 Post: est.lS71;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mail and per-
sonally. Ml?s M^ G. Barrett. 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTO.VS. 424 Pine 8t.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Halght;
Individual instruc. ; all branches: day. eve.
WESTERN" Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
plete course. $tf mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.; private
C> LIFORNIA Business College. 923 Golden
Gate ave.. 8. F.;. 75- page catalog on request.
SPIglTTJAlag--.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night.
8 o'clock; ?1. 10S4 Bush st.
Dead-trance medium; genuine; unique, success-
ful: circle Tues.. Thurs., 8 p. m. 325 Ellis.
MRS. WAYBORN. medium; $1 readings thU
week 25c; dr. Mon.. Frl.. 8 p.m. 1235 Mkt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, business medium and
life reader. 120C Market St.. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall $1.
S56S 17th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 836.,
'; '-,- -':'.'. .ffe f^y° YANTSj .'
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
¦ . accurate description of the past, reveals the
' present happenings and . portrays events to
- occur in the future; If you are In trouble.
discontented , or not satisfied . with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult th's great medium and you will be told
¦ how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affah-s of life: 25c up: satisfaction gu'ar-
-'•> anteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 4560.
A— Miss M. Wille. 330 Ellis; clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and ¦ llfp reader, will te.ll you exactly
what you -called -for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
l- vice;, names srven; 25c up. v 8 Ellis st. . -
BUBI-T— SS CHA-7CES— Contlnned.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long lease; on ac-
count of sickness of owner. Apply to E.
BAUER, S. F.. News Co., 342 Geary st. *
A CHANCE In each- State to engage In manu-
facturing a patent needed in every family;
no competition. Address box 008, Call office.
BUTCHER business averaging $150 dally; ele-
gant fixtures; fine location; trial given; In-
vestigate. 63S Eddy st.
FOR SALE — A good paying restaurant; come
promptly; must be sold; at a bargain. 1647
Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
WANTED — Good carpenter to go In business;
good chance for good man. Call 276 Hart-
ford st. ¦ ¦
FOR eale cheap — Good cigar stand;' good lo-
cation; cheap rent. 33 Shipley Bt.
CANDY store; must sell on account of other
business; make offer. 1427 Market st.
BAKERY — All store trade; over $35 dally;
worth $2500; price $2000. 721 Polk st.
FOR sale — Eureka House; 14 furnished rooms.
856 Howard st.
WANTED — Small restaurant or chophouee;
mutt be reasonable. Call 858 Howard et.
FOR sale — Fine Bulletin route. Address A.
SCHROEDER. 149 Pacific ave.. Santa Crua.
$1500— CASH or security; established grocery
and liquors; no opposition. 160p Post st.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale In Richmond district.
Address box 1030. Call offlce.
CHOP houso for sale; good location. Box
1063. Call offlce.
CANDY and pastry store; 3 finely furnished
rooms; big stock; bargain. 625 Taylor sC
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1005 Market St.. opposite Fifth
¦Open until 11 p. m.
r.ODOI_TG-HOTTSE3 FOB SA-_.
H. C. DECKER: ...Phon» Jones 631
906 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES,
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His success In selling houses over 28 years'
in San Francisco Is a guarantee of hla fair
dealing. He guarantees title and sells the
bargains to his customers. See him.
11 rooms: Mason; new furniture .$ 300
«0 rooms; Market tt.: only'. "sort
8 rooms: McAllister St.; flat ;.;-.. "450
51 rooms; to trade for small house.... ° AVX)
25 rooms; Sixth and Market; rent $106'.. 1500
16 rooms; Ellis St.; new furniture OOO
45 rooms; boarding-house; fine corner. 2500
86 rooms; downtown ;¦ reduced to " 1100
0 rooms; fine piano: on ¦ Sutter st ' 400
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised.
0 to 460 rooms; prices $50 to $10,000.
H. C. DECKER. 900 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
30 ROOMS: rent $00; ciears $00...... .'..'* j)0O
¦27 rooms; housekeeping;, rent $45.. .... 1200
60 rooms; rent ' $300 ; .. .......v. ;v. ... .'COCO
8 rooms; nicely furnished; with piano 575
SO rooms; attractively furnished........ 2000
. 38 rooms; rent $65 ...* ;.; g^
30 rooms; rent $105 lgoo
25 rooms; rent $60............ ........ .<\stx\
MERCHANTS' AGENCY, lOOS'/i . Market I stl
THE BAWYER-BLETHEN-CO.. ~~i~~TT7~
Business Exchange, 1118 Market sL
Saloons : .$350 to $7500
Rooming-houses ...............$275 td $1250
Restaurants ........... ;".*.... ;$950 to $2500
Groceries .$325 to $3500
Cigar ttands... 1 .; .........$123 and un
Bakeries .:.............. ..'.,., T.$175 to. $50o
MITCHELL _ CO..".........:
1206 Market st........... -..Phone Jessie 29Sl!
Rooming ¦ and apartment. houses,' hotels and
flats ' sold suit - purchasers; ¦ titles guaranteed.
' .....MITCHELL _ CO... . .'.". . ...... ;.
$550— LODGING-HOUSE of 8 rooms, well.furl
nlehetf. at 143 ' Sixth ; st. ' Call 1 to 5 p. m.
-ODOING-HOUSE3 FOB SA_-~ Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance, cor.
3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3607. Hotels.
Rooming and Apartment Houses . for sale.
(Special No. 85.)
HANDSOME apartment house, 85 large rooms.
most beautifully furnished; rent only $450;
long lease; over $10 per day clear profit;
for sale at a great bargain exclusively by
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 16)
ONE thousand dollars less than Its value will
take a nicely furnished 16-room house; quiet
and respectable; clearing $76'per month See
. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 0)
ONLY $1BO cash and $350 in payments buys a
well-furnished 9-room house, on sunny side,
north of Market; income $73 50 monthly.
.. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 10)
ONLY $450 for 10 rooms, near Post St.; rent
$45; all sunny; good yard; cheap.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 14) "
NEAR Van Ness ave.; only $57 rent: modern
houee; good furniture; 14 rooms; splendid lo-
cation. This week everything for $S50.
.' MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special) Transient.'
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $10O a month; 10
¦ rooms. -Particulars only with
. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 17) . .
HANDSOMELY furnished; highly respectable •
quiet and homelike: 17 rooms; reasonable
rent: low price; clears $65 to $75 a month
the year round. Very desirable house.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 30)
PARTLY furnished: 30 room.s; 19 ne"wly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished; $130 rent, with
lease; owner must sell; $1250 buys it
•.MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 27) . ¦
TRANSIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years'
•- lease; clears $CCO a month. .
,. MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 31)
NEW and modern: 31 rooms; clearing $125- all
permanent roomers; reduced Vrom $4000 to
$2S00.\ If you want something nice let us
show you this. ¦.. MARION GRIFFIN.
- (Special No. CC)
CHOICE location; 66 rooms: rent 1m« than $3
.a room for the building; lease; oak and ma-
hoenny turnlture:' body Brussels and velvet
carpets. A very dependable house and a big
money maker. . -..MARION GRIFFIN.
, . (Special No. 10) -
SWELI/ corner house, nr. Van Ness: 10 rooms,
; larg», sunny and beautifully furnished; grand
neighborhood. ' See this 1 high-class house .
MARION GRIFFINl
D— ITT-STS. j^
A NEWplTte^The Whalebone— Cannot break";
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings. 60c;
plates, ' $5; full set; • all - work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for. extracting when plates are
made; old plates. made over like new; teeth
.from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. JCirOX," dentist, now located at the Grant
- building. 1005 Market St.. room 203; all flrst-
class dentistry. at low. prices. ¦ .
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kcarny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fUling_,25c.
GOLD milngs. ,75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
, - p_in;op«n -Sundays.-. Dr.A:C.Hewitt,20* Sutter i
DR." ' R.v.l,'.' WALSH has moved- from 847 Geary
-..y st. to . 5S0 . Geary. . " .¦'.'¦, .. . ,.-,.
ARTHUR ¦CHISH®LM.surgeon-dentlst.r.l4 1st
-i floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market. ; cor. . O'Farrell.
ALL • work ' guaranteed - by ' the New ¦ York . den-
tists. Dr. Perkins." Mgr.; 1 : 863 -Mission. cor. 6th. 1
A— CAMERON _ CO., - Phone South 1000.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All,, Kinds Business Chances. .
108 rooms; rent only $5 SO per room, long
lease, up to. date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get nrst-class house that is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body ot people in coming con-
clave; owner obliged to leave for Europe to
settle an estate; make offer; exclusively with
us. _>>
28 rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fine
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything in
first-class condition; 1 good furniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month: it run tran-
sient can clear $a00 to ?o50 per month; here Is
best proposition in city.
7-room modern flat close in, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain it sold at once; $300.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
In city; clearing now $rsuO per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
in California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer. • - . ; ,
128 rooms: cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house; well furnlsh#d;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close In; full flrst-ctass people;
clearing a handsome profit ; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany;, nne proposition;
zood lease.
6-year lease and contract for furnishing; new
and up-to-date 40- room house; fine central lo-
cation; party suddenly called East.
90-room, new, modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped In city; 6 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location:
well furnished and good running .order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city r account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms,-' grand, new modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; p.aying $500 to $800 per month;
close In; full of. nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership. ;.'.,.¦,
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout; B-
year lease; downtown; fine respectable money-
making house; part down, balance reasonable
interest.'
9-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furnitnre; good carpets; must sell by September
5; price $100.
75 rooms: grand new building:. elegantly fur-
nished; cheap: rent; 10 years' lease; close in;
clears $400 per month : ' $4000 down, balance 8
per cent per annum; departure. . • "- •¦
23 rooms; central ; ; 4-year lease: clears - $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house > In city;' call
for full; particulars; only with us. ; . .
: lO'rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-'
pets; always full; must; sell within' next ten
days; leaving city; make .offer.
34 rooms;. cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all in fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to 52S0O.
Large list of * real estate.'- rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
¦ , -, . CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.;
TO let — 4,' new modern -bouses;' unfur.;';rent
I $5 per r.: central; also fur.- houses and flats
for" sale:'- genuine ' bargains; nothing '.mis- -
represented at our office. SAN FRANCISCO
' CREDIT' CO., : 10 Turk st. -Phone Mint ,741.
<f Perfiii-\es^ Made Where the Flowers Grow/* |
Free to Want Advertisers m Next Sunday's Call
A BOTTLE OF PAUL RJEGER'S
Palo Alto Pink Heliotrope
Lavender : Pasadena Rose* W^pl
iyfll^n Lilac # California Clover li*l§r*?
r _^ »^«_ T_^ _• f I • ' Wt _) % fl^^ ' ' i C "^ • "Q 1 1
u£° v&\ Peau d -Lsnaerfte - a^r; ?^j
tvVTiK _a ¦ ' vCIU %» _¦#»»> jlii*»^jJtA%y . qH\^ _w
X^^mkk ne °f tb e gr^test enterprises in California is that. /_MS^li
of Paul Rieger, .the Perfumer, whose goods are sold in
,'^^^^j.^^^^ almost, every*townm the United States. 15,000 drug- _^^|S^^^^^
mi l__§_SE^I-ii I ste se ** them, but they are free . to you If you bring us f^^^^BM^SSBBfl
Hf H _- JlK CM Tf^ll^k A V C rAS I m m /¦ il^
H II {AtiFORHiA^III 1^ ¥ ||| ft LIF0MIA^^
18 m \4v^v2Mffi The bottle we & ve FREE retails for 40 cents. H M^^v'^ 0 flK
K P'^l^ UM$ m a^* t ' on » a special coupon will accompany each bottle, p|| ff^^S\ i^j j
Wm $L vioiset which, under conditions named in it, will entitle you, Mm |t pal p ? N k LT0 xM\\
m fc f J|i( upon returning it, to Paul Rieger & Co., to a 25c bottle |I ffi. "JSSS* MM i
H IKJ ".S^L^if Ot their newest ' perfume, "SWEET MAR.GERY." |1 SL_^JsI?
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY; 'SEPTEMBER 10, rl904.
11
r:tIPLOTMEgT WAgTEO— yaJe--Coa.
M nKKKEPKR— Toung man. thorough ac-
louutaat experienced In handling credits
..; J correspondence, understands latest meth-
od*. de*:res situation where come 'executive
ability ts e**«itlal; excellent references; sal-
ary moderate. Box 1107. Call ofnee. T£
WOJB nurse, e X .^e r t ma**cur. will act m valet
t.# r*-nii«neti cuing to the South Sea Inlands
• r ifw Orient: era ssrirtly temperate and can
'wruifh best reference*: small remuneration.
Adlrew box JW6, Call office.
i"»i'i.TRYM AN wants position: young man
?: rrt th» K*eI: two years on the coast; ex-
perienced la breeding thoroughbred fowls;
understand* artificial Incubating and brood-
ins. Bex 1039. Call office.
VTCADT ndaMa jiunj num. 29. experienced
!:-^.Wkerr>er. desire* place an bookkeeper or
r«if»«uint. with chance of advancement; first-
riaaa refernsces; wages low to begin. Box
:<:;2. can offW.
Minr>I.r;-AOEI> man wl^.e» petition In hotel
cr private hou«e; ran do nil repair* and al-
teration* en elertiic light*, call bells and
tr!»-rh<-ne«: Is «l'llng to work as !iandy man.
»--••-. EDWARD. R. S.. 11% Eddy St.
nK5T-<-LASS driver wishes pcsitlcn in pri-
vate place; understands gardening thorough-
ly: all around man: sober and reliable; (roci
referencr. Box 1134. Call office.
FIR5T-CLAES coachman end chauffeur for
r^1v«te family; not 8frald of work: sober;
\*rr best city sn<l personal references. Box
7$*7. Call office.
A HANDY man wishes position on private
p!ar»; thoroughly undt»r?.tsn(3s care of horres,
lavrn. frsrficn; good driver: very beet refer-
ence*. Box 931. Call office.
WANTED — Position a« salesman or manager,
city or country, by young married man: ex-
perienced in grocery and provision Hr.es;
with Al referenree. Box 853. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER: expert bookkeeper. 18 years'
e-xperiecre. deslres^engagement; collections
an3 corre*pcndence a specialty; salary mod-
erate. Box 781. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS licensed n . n-unlcn plumber
wants work from Drac»rty owner: has all
rece»-sary fhr-p tocl*; city or cvuniry. Box
70S*. Call office.
A TV»fXTAXT, six ream in charge; especially
recommended for accuracy end honesty; $C0
a month to start with. Box 875, Call office.
GERMAN. 2S years, until now in Hamburg ex.
"»>rt frm. xrlrhfs position: salary moderate.
Bcx 837. Call.
WANTED — Situation by experienced collector;
be«t references given and bond if necessary.
Address bcx 1015. Call office. Oakland.
TTORK wanted, at home; translations. Eng-
Ilrh. Italian. French. Fpaninh; correspon-
dence, eic. B*rx 102S. Call office.
BITT'ATICN wanted by a Scandinavian to
*wk in a war^hcuse or hay barn or lumber
yard: sxod worker. Box 1150. Call.
PLTTMBER wants Job In country; etate wages
*ciS hours; r.e lead work. Address E. L.,
box 10*2. Call)ofnce.
POSITION by an experienced traveling «alee.
rr.an. familiar with Pacific Coast and Orient
Pcx TWO. Call efnee.
ATTORNEY. 35. with business experience.
wants a situation of any kind, bcx 1065.
• 'all efflce.
OHKMAN. irldfile-aged and single, wishes sit-
u»fion as c'.erk in grocery and barroom; first.
'¦'Es* reference*. YV. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
rii:5T-'"LAPS cc«~hmsn. ehauffeur:!>ri.farr.ily:
r'.ty cr country: steady position preferred :b»st
Mty anj perrenal rrfrre nres. Box 797. Call.
TncNO Freshman 23 years cf age. vrants
t» wnrk arr.org plasterers as helper or learn
the trtte. AiiTur L. A. R.. SlSt^ Zimh st.
JOB carpenter; ftrict attention palfl fire Jobs;
prompt and reasonable. Address Carpenter,
4"J> Seventh et.. city.
STRONG. wltliMT y.>un«r tr.nn wants to go as
t-teamftttf-r'n he!p.T. Box 1*21. Call office.
A CHINESE experienced first-claF* cook. Eng-
tifch. French, wishes position ; dty hotel res-
taurant, boardlns-house; meat 'and pastry
cookery; cWar.. n»at; good references- satls=-
fa.-tian. CHARLEY WILLMON. 1113 Clay.
A rxPAKESS 11 jresn with r-epent employer.
wl*he» position in private family as waitrr
or housework: exceptional references; J7 up
*>"-k. H, B. C. 015 Saeratricnta «.. city.
A REUABUS Jarane?"* Fch"c!boy wants a po-
sition in cood. «msl! family: hag pood rec-
ommendatlor. an1 v.ill etay frr lonjr time
TOM I. <arc U3 Pine 5t . M. E. Church.
GOOp. honest .'ariaiff* "boy wants work In
dental latvw-atnry. city cr Oakland; have two
years' nr*-rif nee. K. OTSUBO 375 Fifth
tf... Oakland.
JAPANESE couple want situation; prl. family;
r.:zn cs firi>t-c;?.s» Jancy cook, wife v.-altress
en t*ble: 15 years' «-x>>erience: eood recom-
rr.rir3atl"ns; $*?» up. SbiraUfhi. MS Jessie st
JATANKSE rood boy wishe* a position co^k~
<:-F. $7 up a week. h. MORI. 110 Golden
Gate ave.
JAPANESE p-r«vj boy wants a position at any
kira of work half dav*; can cock- aleer>
home. IQi'C Larkin «.
A JAPAXEPE (roc«l boy wsnts a situation as a
•chocJboy or ticuse rli-anlnp in a smell family
K. ?.'.. 533 Sixtfenth Ft. Oakland.
JAPANESE want* work before 0 o'clock In
the rooming. Addrcsts R4S Bush et.
JAPANESE boy want* r> position to wait at
table; d!nn<r only. G. S.. 133:: Pine «t. *
CH1NLFE firt-t-cla** cook wishes petition In
ir:\.!\r- fan::lv mo PtockV.n *t.
rUTSTOLET.
A — HOUSES ecS flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-2W
Geary st., on the square.
TO LET — Lovely flat. 0 large Bunny rooms, all
tncC.'rn; grand view; 736 I>oloreB st, corner
Liberty; r-?nt low to respoftslble party.
liAKE, 742— New French fiat; C rooms; rent
$25; 1 morth's rent free; water free; marine
view; tpvV. In rear.
TWENTYtSIXTH. near Folsom — Just com-
pleted: elegant corner flats of 6 rooms; $1"2 50
and $25.
LYON. 11 — Fine lars:e modern upper flat of 7
room* and bath; rent $40. Near Golden
Gate Park. ,
JCEW Colonial flats, 5 rooms and reception
hall; artisrtJcally decorated; $22 50. B st.
Third ave., near Parity
PINE.. 20^5— Four-rccm flat; $15.
TO let — $7; 2 large rooms and yard. "-6*3
Harrifon «t>
LARGEST ll*t of houite* «rd flats to let. Call
<-n LYON «r HOAG. 11C Montgomery rt.
FltEDnRlCK. 4C4A— That new. elecantly 'Vco-
rateC 7-r. flat;2 tnilets: mod.plumblng;$27 50.
PACIFIC ave.. 21<15. near Fillwoie — Flat of
6 room* : eun In evtry room: large Garden.
BACBAMEXTO. JO:u;. tbove Powell _ A n!c«
. modern flat. 5 r.»om* and h»th.
T\\ XNTT -FOURTH? 39^"i^rN^e^Fine~sunny
-j;-;.er. flat, ti r. and b.; cars pass door; $20.
FLATS TO &ET— rrraglBHEP.
TO LET— Partly furnished rr.irtdie flat of five
rooms end bath; rent reasonable. Appl/
<a.l!y between 1 :S0 «nd 6 %>. m. 79 Sou'jh
Park.
NOB Hill— New flat to 3»t; present tenant will
*e!! furn'.fjie at bargetn; no dealers. 1254
Cal'.fcrnia rt. .
FURNISHED home for rale, r.ith etorc. Call
«t l^^. nm n. for full Information.
PLATS FOB SAL£ — YUTZZCISUZiy. .
VAN NESS, 807— For sale. 7-room furnished
flat; 1 rented.
ELEGANTLY furnished Orooni modern flat:
tvhewn fro;« :i to I dally. «24 Geary st
FOTt MM — Very reasonable; furnished flat of 5 !
rofitr.*.. T.I2 JfFsie «t.. Dtrtr Elxth.
McALLI.STER. 1343-EkCTntly fcrnlehed JT
room f.at. Apply mornings.
?*•*** TOR SALE.
ALL sunny, middle flat of 8 rooms for sale
cheap. 1M7 PlUroore gt.
rUijjilxujfcE 7OS SALE.
n;RNITURE, ttoxes, boueht. sold, exchanged!
Barger. 433 V«lencia.nr.l6th.TeLChurch 3S79.
H. MiTYER A. CO. t*y highest price for far.
niture. carpeU. etc 762 Mission ;teL Bush 813.
A FOLDING bed. $8: top mattresses, (2 SO.
ANDERSON'S. 18 Turk «t. Just off Market
ITS "WORTH of furniture for $T 50 flown. $ I SO
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Poat st
nJBHTTTJBE WASTED.
abe*~levtT '¦ "~~~
Salesroom. 1135 Market et Tel. ' Jeesie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
HELP WANTED — FE2XALE.
COOK, small hotel, country ...'.$30
Cook, small Institution *30
Jt cooks, city and country $30
5 second girls $2«-$25
6 nurse srirls, city and country $23-$-10
2 maids and seamstresses $25
2 working housekeepers, 2-5 men $20
Nurse tc child, 0 years $25
Housework. Shasta County, fare here.... $25,
Nurse for children's home $25
8 kitchen helpers $20-$25
Man and wife for ranch ....$50
2 ironers for country laundry ?8-$12 wk.
2 chambermaids, city $17-520
2 waitresses, country hotel, fare paid $25
50 house girls, city and country, $20-$25-$30
Apply J. F. CROSRTT A CO.. 334 Sutter.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Chambermaid, as*d 20 to SO. $20 and found.
Experienced notion salc«ladj\ $3 per week.
Bookkeeper. ?50.
Stenographer, $50.
Waitress, Sonoma County. $25 and found;
easy position.
Girl, housework. $1 day and found.
Cook, Berkeley. $30.
Ladies children's hats and bonnets, can
eam $15 per week; piece work.
Office oi>en Saturdays until S p. m.
509 Hearst Bldg.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO..
219 Kearny st. Phone Black 2446.
2 salesladies, 16 to 20 years old. $25, $30.
I 3 waitresses, Al wages.
Voung lady, printer and toner, photos, $6.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO., 219 Kearny.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S. 418 Powell st — Neat
help of all nationalities to fill various posi-
tions.
X-WANTED — Girls to learn toalrdresslnr.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 v*r week up; leading
school In West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
A — PACIFIC College teacnes halrdresslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; give 6
hours' practice a day; add parlor practice to
schooling; secure positions: day and evening
! classes; absolutely no connection with any
place on coast. Call 133 Fowell st
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons (taught from start to finish
In one month for $15: positions as trimmers,
calesladjes.etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up:
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.r. 13.
REFINED YOUNG woman, under 30, at once to
assist with charitable work In city; live at
home: must go to country place with children
few days each week; plain sewing; fond of
children; good salary; excellent references
required; give phone. Address box 8C2, Call.
WANTED — Girl for general housework and
aosist plain cooking; small family. Call
ir24 HaJght Et
NEAT young- lady a* cashier; must live home
with parents: references : small cash- bond
required. Call 10:30 a.m.. S05 Mission st
GERMAN or American girl to assist In gen-
eral housework. . Call at 1S10 Sutter st.
WANTED — Waitress at S24 Kearny st; wages
$23 and found.
TWO buttonhole makers a.nd six finishers on
coats; fine wares. Call 229 Stevenson st
tOOKG girl bookkeeper wanted. Box 1210.
Call office.
HELPERS to make and burn leather cushion
covers; no experience necessary. 3570 21st.
WANTED — An experienced girl for candy store.
112 Third st.
A LEADING wholesale house wants compe-
tent girl as stenographer and office assist-
ant: wages according to ability; references
required. Box 1105. Call office.
FINISHER on cloaks and suits: steady work;
good wages. L. MINK & CO.. 109 New
Montgomery st.
WANTED— Flt-Ft-class cloak and .suit sales-
woman. Apply Saturdav anct Monday be-
tween n and 11 a. ro. at HALE. BROS/
WANTED— Young- girl to learn cstrich feather
curling; also willing to run a few errands.
Call a.rSC8 Howard rt. *.
WANTED — A cirl to da general housework;
rn'jpt kniw how to . cook well; wageg $30.
Call at 2C72 Vallejo st., near Devisadero.
WANTED — An experienced ostrich feather
curler. Call at 808 Howard st, near 4th.
ABLE women given opportunities to build busi-
ness of their own. Box 034, Call office.
SELF WANTED— MALE.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORd'cO.
Manager fancy gods; murt understand buy-
incr, etc , $100 per month.
Notion salesman, experienced, $8 per week.
Gents' furnishing salesman. $15 to $17 50
prr week.
Young man, cigar stand. 5 hours per day,
*7 week.
Optical and Jewelry salesman, $20 per week.
Bill cleric and assistant. $60.
1OV clacer miners, many Masons make up
party. &M per day earned.
Fur cutter. ?.'J 50 per day.
Manager dry poods, $150 ptr month.
Registered druggist. $75, country.
10 good boys, *5 pt-r we«?k.
Many other positions open, call at office.
Olflce open Saturday until S p. m. '
560 Hearst building.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
14 :kl st , nr Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
Government work Nevada
MINES— MINES.
2 single-hand miners. >&0 month.
25 muckers. $75 month. >
25 teamsters and laborers*. $2 60 day.
2 house carpenter*. $."^50.
2 men. shingle, long Job, $1 per M.
Checker, wholesale department, $15 week.
Tinner, all round man. $4 day.
3 quarrymen. $2 2." day.
3 Italian laborers, ?2 25 day.
:s carjientrrs. nsar city, $:; 50 day.
.'{ laborers, sawmill. $35 and found.
Baker, country *hop, $12 week end fd.
•J-horse tearnpter. $2 day and board.
A— PACIFIC CONTRACTORS 7 ~EMPT~AGCY
635 Washington st Phone James 33ol.
3 caoenterf, !» hours' work. ?4 day, 15c
fare; 2 carpenters, 8 hours' work, $3 50 day,
ltx? fare; machinist for large mining co.,
Btfady work; bricklayer. Hd fare, s,5 day:
eootman for smelter, $2 25 day; 15 laborer*?.
?2 day. board anywhere. 8 hours' work; 0
laborers, quarry, $2 20 day. 5oc fare; blac-U-
emlth's helper, camp. $2 25 day: ti laborer*,
quarry work. $2, board $4 00; 15 laborers,
quarry, 10c fare, $2 day, board anywhere;
lot* ot other Jcbu. L. H. CUTTING £: CO.
TWO hotel porters. $20 and $30 and found i
3 mine»s. $3 day; laborers for mine. $2 oO
day; sjrdener. $30 and 'found;, man about
' jjliirc, «-lty. $T» and found; farmers an<l wives,
$>00 and f<v.ind; fanners, $.50 anil found:
chorcrrran. $25 and found: horseshoer, $'! and
S:j !jO <l?.y: word turrvr, ?2O week: tallyman.
*Kt und l>oard: lumber pliers. $2 50 day and
!".::.¦> and found: carpenter, $:i day; sash ami
tJoor maker. ?2l week: cooks, waiters and
other*. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mrnto Ft.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contrartor«' Agents 05 Third st.
1! carpenter*, near city. $-'5 2.1 : a hours.
Laborer*, city. $2. eisht hours.
Grading foreman, $3: north.
Waiter, city. $30 and found:
Laborer*, all over the State. ', ,
Packer, millinery. c!ty. $40.
, Stableman, city. $.'0 to SCO.
Cook. city. $.'50 nnd found: small restaurant.
<.»rap« pickers. Sonoma Co.. big wage*. t
. Tinner, country, steady work." I
"~ EMPL«YEi~^~E~G!sTER CO.
210 Keerny st. Phone Black 2446
Come and register with us; It costs you noth-
ing; If you are the gooes, we are the peo-
pl?.
Grocery clerk. $40 and found.
Printer and toner on photos. $6 week.
Good cook, small hotel. $25 and found. ¦
'•i cruod errand boys. $4 week.
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.. 219 Kearny st.
TO-DAY, 3 mach. miners, $3 per day; 12 la-
borer*. $1 70 to $2 50 per day; active youth
of IS "or large corporation. $0 per week, call
early Saturday forenoon; wanted, engineers,
compressor man. pump men, shift bosfes
and machine miners to register at Independ-
ent Office, 612 Merchant st .
Contractors and employer* of labor throughout
the Etate to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency. C12 Merchant st. S, F.
WANTED — Salesmen for ' men's furnishing
. goods department Apply 8., N. WOOD &
CO.. 740 Market at ' ¦.; ; '- ..
WANTED— Salesmen for men's clothing, de-
partment: Apply 8. N. WOOD & CO., 710
Mf-rfctt st. •-.-•-
CLOTHING ralesman; men's clothing dep't
S. K. WOOD & CO. .
BOYS' and children's clothing salesman. S. N.
WOOD & CO. .
BOYS to deliver telegrams ; wages $30 to $10
per month. Apply 300 Montgomery..
HELP WAarTEP— MALE— Contlnuq&i
A— MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We creak the German, French, Italian,
Scandinavian. Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1903 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
CO, COO Men Work. Increase C0.000.
MECHANICAL.
4 bench hands, planlne mill, $3 50 day.
FOREMAN, MAKE TABLES, $3 day
Woodworker, pine furniture, city, $2 day.
2 brush makers, fare $1, $1 20 M.
Hi IKON MOLDERS.
15 cooper, tight and slack work.
TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS. •
PLANING MILLS. BOX FACTORIES, ETC,
SECOND DONKEY* MAN, $«0 found.
Donkey foreman, snipe logs, cut brush, $30 fd.
HEAD LINEMAN, $75.
C5 laborers, mills yard. NORTH $60
35 laborers for woods and camps, NORTH $60
HELP BUILD IT.
105 laborers to cut brush away; help build
R. R. from sawmill to wood; fare $6; $00.
LOOK, BOYS.
25 boys or young men work In box factories.
$30 AND $35 FD.; NORTH.
ie3 woodchoppers; tools, etc., FURNISHED
FOR YOU.
155 ITALIANS OR AUSTRIANS.
153 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.
.MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
LOS ANOELES.
-SAN BERNARDINO and RIVERSIDE DIST.
the Land of Sunshine, FRUIT, and FLOW-
ERS. • .
BY TRAIN, SANTA FE R. R.
$4 60 FARE, THATS ALL.
CC5 two and four horse teamsters $«0
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL. LAUNDRY. BAKERY.
BUTCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
15 cooks, different hotels, camps, cafes,
mines, saloons, ranches, etc., $30, $40, $50
to $9<J.
WAITERS.
3 waiters. Fame hotel, fare ' $1 60, $35 fd.
12 waiters, different city and country jobs.
18 DISHWASHERS. 6 PORTERS. '
BEDMAKERS, BELL & ELEVATOR BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch ironcrs. $12; ironer, $15.
3 butcher*, shop and slaughter-house work,
$40, $30 found.
Sausage makfr. $14; experienced bone hams.
FARMS, DAIRIES.
45 different ranch hands $20, $30, $36 fd.
6 milkers. $30. $35 found.
FRUIT PICKERS.
1C chore boys and men, $15, $20, $25, $30 fd.
COACHMEN— GARDENERS— STABLEMEN
16 stablemen, city, country jobs, $75, $60,
$30 found.
Boys learn trades, tend stores, etc.
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 concrete finishers, mine buildings, fare
paid. $4 50 day.
4 plasterers, free fare both ways, $4 50 day.
LAUNDRY.
Polisher, Ironer and Etarcher, fare $1, $2 50
day.
Man to tend bar, take cash hotel, etc.. $35
and found.
2 horseshoers, floor and fire. $4 day.
BUTCHERS.
25 SHEEP BUTCHERS, $80.
Elaughter-houte helper, fare $1, $35 found.
Knife man, pigs' feet shaver. $2 75 day.
MINE DISTRICT. I
25 laborers, fee $1, fare $2, $30 found.
25 two-hors3 teamsters, $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63C Clay st
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE. *
155 teamsters. $75.
155 laborers. $75.
55 drillers. $90.
FEE $1. THATS ALL.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay at.
CARPENTERS.
12 carpenters, fare 25c, $4 day.
14 carrwnters, fare 23c, S. M. Co.. $3 B0 to
$4 day.
1« carpenters, city Jobs, $3, $3 50, $4 day.
12 grape packers, southeast, $1 75 day fd.
Fresser on gent's clothes, city, $2 to $2 25 day
Spool tender, fare $2 20, $45 to $50 fd.
FREE FARE. R. R. Work. FREE FARE.
TO-DAY. I
25 splkers; YOU'LL SUIT $60
25 laborers; YOU'LL SUIT $60
Office Fee Only $1.
5 laborers for wood*, lure $!>... $35 fd.
Man', wife; man milk 25 cows, wife cook for
3 men; no other woman on ranch... $40 fd.
Chore boy or man. Institution, fare $3, $30 fd
FRUIT PICKERS.
A man or boy who can eat fruit
CAN PICK FRUIT.
56 men and strong boyn. fare $1, $30 and fd
" OFFICE FEE 81.
Stone cutter, $4 5<> • »lay;- carpenter - vine-
yard, J4O and fd.
WAITER— Special Job. $*0 fd.
4 butchers, tare $1, $2 75 day.
Starcher and Ironer, fare • $1 25, $2 50 day.
TEN PLUMBERS- PORTLAND
LOOK.
Baker, good bench hand, $10 week found.
Slaughter- bouse butcher, fare $1. $30 found.
LEARN BUTCHERING.
25 men with a little experience with knife,
steady Job; Fee xir, $2 25 day.
NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
8 tearr.sterp, 30c fare, ¦ $00.
C laborers, 30c fare, $00.
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA.
155 trackmen, }67 to $75.
Steady good Job.
Sausage-maker. 30c fare, $15 week.
Firmer and wife, stock ranch, no woman
there, $40 found.
16 laborers, beard' In hotels. $G<5.
' ' BUTCHERS.
Second butcher, slaughter-house, fare $1 25,
- $50 found.
Third butcher, slaughter-house, fare $1 25,
?40 found.
fchlp oalk'r for dredger, fare $1. $3 50 day.
Cemeijt finisher, fare $150, $4 day.
Two varrJMi finishers, little experience, $1 50
to J2 day.
Hotel, fare ?1 30, boss here.
Bedmaker. ?2O fd.; man run wash, machine.
DRAPERY.
Experienced drapery salesman; city.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st.
SOUTHERN OfL FIELDS: $1 FEE.
25 laborers: you'll suit; $07 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-tBO Clay st.
FREE STREET FARE: $1 FEE.
15 laborers; corporation work; city; $00.
FREE FARE; ?1 FEE.
¦^'12 laborers: (special wgrk; you'll do; $00.
TO BUTTE; ?1 FEE.
55 laborers; only Si fee; *i!7 Co..
55 teamsters; only $1 fee; $»>7 5(».
FREE RAILROAD PASS— FEE $1.
125 laborers, differ ;nt lobs. $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and (>3C Clay st
MANAGER HERE— GOLD QUARTZ MINE. !
25 single and double hand miners. $75, $S2 50.
MURRAY S READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
BAND sawyjr, city mill, $2 50 day.
Shingle saw filer, sawmill company, fare
' (2 20, $2 50 day.
FOREMAN', box factory. Washington, $100
UOYS— BOYS.
12 boys, city factory, fee $1, $G to $7 50 week.
, ' LOOK!
Carhier. city restaurant, $40 a.nd found.
LOOK '.
2 waiters. hot«l, (are $1, $30 and found.-
Walter, Institution, city; $25 and found.
2 waiters, liotel, south, $33 and found.
3 ••air.|i waiters, come take them. $25 and fd.
Oy/trrman, l«c fare, $45 and found,
•-lioreman. garden, etc.. bos* here, private.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and C3C Clay St.
TIIRKE rough carpenters, fare 50c. $2 50 day
4 carpenters, factory, fare $1 $1 50 day
•Young man, bottle works $15 week
Hor*csho«-r. fare $1. bots here. $3 to 83 CO day
BARTENDER. CITY. $40 FD.
Hai'.ifvs cleaner, ?»'O
Walter, mine hotel. $"5 fd.
Cook 12 men. ranrh, Fresno Co.
MURRAY & READY. U34 and C3U Clay st.
WANTED — Experienced laundry help; good
vagrs; permanent position. 'Addrecs Sul-
sun Steam Laundry, Sulsun, Cal.
BAKBER wanted for Mon., Tues., Wed.,!
Tl:tir». and Frl., or, If willing, for the whole j
week- good wages. -Apply at C8 , Jackson st.'
FIRST-CLASS union barber: Saturday, and
Sunday, or steady. 40SVi Sixth et.
GOOD barber wanted I for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday. CC4Vi Broadway. ¦ . m ¦
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. C23 Clay st. |
GOOD barber for Saturday and- Sunday; $6.
1409 Dupont 6t
BARBER wanted. 291 ..Seventh st.
BARBER wanted. Apply at 763 Mission st
BARBER for. Saturday and Sunday; wag^s
, $6. S3 Third et
BARBER for Saturday afternoon and Sunday
208'^ East st. ".:._ '.
BARBER for Saturday. 1310' Castro st: $4 80.-.I
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday; $8
131. Third- at - : - '•;.-,::
BARBER Saturday evenings and Sunday. 1494
Valencia at.- : - _¦ ¦ < ( • . " :-.¦¦
WANTED — Barber Saturday afternoon and
t Sunday. ' .' l."57 . Dupont st. ? • ••¦ • ¦ -. - ¦
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday
,.-at 1055% Folsom at'-, ¦--; -. ,';.;. . ;
PORTER, for. barber shop. 023 Post st. -
MUSICAL IKSTK.UME3TTS— Continued.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos). Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., '16 McAllister at
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckertng baby grand:
Ehoninger, little used. Keeffe's. 2S3 O'Farrcll.
MOUEY TO LO Air.__ - J
AAA^-HERMAN MURPHY.
001-W2-e03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by deallmr directly.'
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
vsts. assignments o£ rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. ,
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
• Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Loir rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels,
- Location, etc.
Box 490. Call Office.
PRIVATE— Money' loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 526 Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS— v
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and ret terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal : no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 3C.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal' advances en diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest Baldwin Jewelry Store.
840Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch Id Third.
MONrfY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, 'teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 48
principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE,. 907 Market st.
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10. COO.
1 PElR cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confldrntia!. 26 Montgomery st, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious rton»s bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st •
THE Golden Gate Loan Office will be open
" Saturday. Sept. 10. W. J. HESTHAL, 10
Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
ta .bldg.,, New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st
TO salaried- people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency.. 143 Phelan bldg.
DON'T borrow money on salary Until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 806 Mutual Bank bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to> salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral- Loan Bank, 638 Kearny
3% ON furnrtur* A pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, C>O0 Examiner building.
laOTXEY yAJTTEI)^^
WANTED— Loan • $1000; security, first mort-
gage aji new towboat Owner, box 933, Call.
¦ OITICES AITD STOSSS TO LET.^
LOWER part of 425 Sutter st; suitable for
business purposes.
PEBSOgALS.
A — CALL and eee cur demonstrators, with one.
. half of face treated: I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles,
Smallpox Dtulnss. etc.;
Restore lest contour.
If reu desire a fresh, young face, call or
write MME. UILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure far
rheumatiem; paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN. 32 Turk st. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores grey hair. Im-
prove; its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or silcklnen;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' : ac-
, cept frt> substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S Polk.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
tracted by my wife, Jennie, she having left
my bad and board. JOHN CONNELL. San
Francisco, September 7.
Cancerous Icmpe. sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin mcuth. benes, etc.) speedily cure-1 by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st
AT less than cost; uncalled for cults, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 3«>
down and $1 50 per . week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
A — Visitors we shampoo, manicure, dress hair,
etc.; cheapest, be&t In city. 133 Powell st.
EYES examined free. THOS. HOUSEWORTH.
optician. 15S4 Market at., rm. 207; est. 1851.
Superfluons hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Uatcn. 310 sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Oeary.r.31>.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 1170 Markrt at
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. S50 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tonic In the wcrld at 1S10 Sutter st. .
ELEGANT suit to order * 1 ex. pair pants.$13.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt. St.. bet 7th and 8th.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GARIN. 133 Montgomery st
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; "dress pa»t« $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu*h and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costume?, play books, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN ft CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFRKDUM'S Kgypttan Henna restores gray
. hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCHofflce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II p. ' m. ¦
PALMI3TSY. ,
MME. EUGENIB, the Chelro, reveals farts
that will astonifh you. portrays events, de-
| scribes enemies; advice given. 478 A Turk «t
PHYSICIANS AND STTRQEOKS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st. bet «th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of .women.
ELGOD. °kin acd rectal diseases a specialty.
PR. BALL/ 1073>,4 Market st. .'¦>:>
REMOVED— DR WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
p«st four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary ft. near Leavenworth.
WONG WCO.'the famous herb doctor— All dls-
; eases cured by Chinese herbs. .746-3 Clay st i
-¦¦"- PATENTS. |
INTENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
_J PTIRCHAEXNO AGENCIES. .
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing: agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed ;35CS 17th st. San F.^ndsco. Tel. Capp 836.
SEWKTQ MACHUrES AND SXTFPLXES.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? We will
. trade you a new one for it." Visit the new re-
' tall. office of the White Co.. 015 Market st.
. ' ai-d see * the great collection of . machine art
' work now oh exhibition; 1CC0 new Whites for
' rent; best ¦; machines on earth.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
¦ • i» . cheapest ;. second-hand all .makes at any
price: all kinds rented ' lowest rates. Domes-
tic of flee. 1021 Market st, near Sixth.
;A NEW' Home, the best second-hand machine;
: all kinds, $3. $5, $S; guaranteed; where the
1 do!!s swing In the window. 1051 Market st
|^JBEAL^E^T_A^PEj--JraTr ; 3 ; rO^aAL2 ;^
THOMAS MAGEE & SON3.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
S MONTGOMERY ST.
HOMES IN THE WESTERN ADDITION AND
MISSION.
J20.000— Mission st; large residence la good
order; C5 ft. front with extra depth.
$18.500— Clay st. north side; in flrst-clasa
rcaioer.ce locality; fine large, well-built and
well-arranged house of 12 rooms. 2 baths, etc.;
all In good order.
$10.Ceo— Jackson st. north «ide and close to
a public park: fine house and lot.
$13 000— GTe«n at. CO ft. front; artlstla
shingle house of 8 rooms and bath; natural
redwood finish; fine marine and land Yl<rw; in
a first-class residence locality.
$12.500 — Clay-st corner: depth of lot on
north pliie or street; sun and light In erery
loom: 12 rcoiC3 and 2 baths; all in good order;
ctrcct work and sidewalk complete; cars con-
venient; 15 mlrutes of Kearny st.
$10.500— »VufMnjrton st.. north side, near »
plaza; ir7:CTio7:fi; built C years: 8 rooms., bath,
attic and basement: street work all done; ttool
neighborhood: house In first-cla^s condition;
tn «-xcentionally well-built house.
*»CW~ Jar Iron St.. north side; 24:6x115; 2-,
story. H looms and bath; worth $65 a month tf
rented.
SS5»W— Vftllejo st; fln» view; key lot: sun
In ev^ry r<x-rr.; £ large rooms and bath.
$S£00 — VaMejr. st, with fine marine v^w;
good and sulfctantlal house of 8 large sunny
rooni?. I .irh a/u; basement.
$S300 — Gough St.. near Pacific; rery good 2-
xtory roridence of S rooms, bath and plastered
bailment -
$SCCO^ — Fine home with large grounds la
Richmond: 10 rooms, 2 baths and stable; th!a
¦ t-5 • a sacrifice.
| $£000— Liberty- st. corner; 75 ft. front: Tery
', comfcrlt He 2-story residence of 10 rooms and
bath; fine grounds: good residence locality;
ma^iifcent view of city
Broderlck-st. corner: depth of lot on
north side of street: sun in every room; flna
¦view nf city.
$;000— Union st, north side; large lot| 80x
13C: very good 2-story and basement house; 7
room3. bath; also 2-story barn.
Sii280 — Fair Oak3 st. ; good 2- story residence
of 7 rooms and bath; could easily be changed
ln'.o flats: lot Is 25x125.
£6000— 'Webster st; fine lot with fair house,
which -would bring in fair temporary Income
urtll lot 1* Improved properly.
$3900 — Twentieth st. ; 2-story house 6 rooms
and bath; street work all done; convenient lo-
cation and in warm belt.
$3750 — Oak St.. north side; 0 rooms and
; bath and stable; convenient residence locality.
$3075 — 25th st; 2-story residence; very
cheap.
$2C50— Filbert St.. north aide; 23x57:3, and
cottage of 4 rooms.
$2(300— Greenwich et. with fin* Tiewj eot-
tage of 5. room* and bath. •>
$3000— Willard-st. cottage of 4 rooms and
basement; lot 25x173.
ONLT A FET.- LEFT.
$1 25 PER WJCE1C
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on street
grade: close to fine school; not far from th»
Mlssion-st electric cars; secure one as aa
Investment and by the time It Is paid for It
will have doubled In value the -way price*
have advanced daring the past year: boy
now before prices become prohibitive la til*
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
SR Montgomery >t. r. 8. Phone Main S7<VC
ATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
OWN A LOT IN CALIFORNIA
The California terminus of the Santa Fo
Railroad and the Standard Oil Company Is at
Richmond, just across the bay from Saa
Francisco. These corporations, with the
Southern Pacific Company, are spending
millions of dollars there, making it the great
manufacturing city of the West. Make
money.
LOTS $3 PER MONTH.
Call or send for free maps.
RICHMOND LAND CO.. Crocker Wd*.. 8. F.
. '
$3000—2 FLATS. 4 & 5 r & b; 234 Day st.
J2S00— 2 flats. 6 r & b; 221 Twenty-seventh st
$2800 — New cottage 5 r & h; Mission It China.
$2600— New cottage. 5 r & b: 436 2TKh st.
$2700 — Cottage « r & b: 159 West Park st
$1100— Cottage! 4 r & b; 240 Hearst ave.
?U00 — Cottage. 4 rooms ; 3 lots: 714 Munich.
$1300— Cottage. 4 r & b: 308 Munich st.
Send for our auction circular Sept 17.
D. COFFIN. Mission St.. bet." 21st & 22d.
FOR sale — Elegant flats; hardwood finish;
beam ceilings; all modern improvements and
large lots; make offer; 625-627-631-633 Fred-
erick st. SAM GLASS, builder. 484 Freder-
ick st.
LOTS $'JGO ; $10 down, $5 month; Castro and
Twenty-sixth sts.; sewer and water In street.'
Cal» 4102 Army st, near Castro; cheapest
lot.i In cltv.
LOT 25x1 CO, In the Mission district: Investi-
gate before It 1» too late; next year it may
be ?1000. Box 12SS. Call office.
$2100— SEVEN lots; 25x125: grand view; no
better chance for Investment in the city to-
day. Box 12S3. Call office.
NEW Colonial houses: 2 flats. 5 rooms: re-
ception -halls each: lot 34xS3; $34CO; easy
payments. B at. and Third ave.. near par*^,
A $2000 HOME built to suit yoa. lot Included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
FOR sale— Modern flats; 51S and S40 Noe st;
part cash. ,'
ALL work guaranteed first class by AIIL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. SM Howard st.
FOR SALE— ELEGANT FLATS; up to date:
terms to suit purchasers; large lots on Fred-
erick, ww of Wlllard. Sam Glass, builder,
on premises.
BEAL ESTATE— COTJNTaT—Por Sale.
320 ACRES of fine agricultural land In tea
rtver district of Kern Co.. 12 miles from
Bakersfield: this land surrounded by paying
oil wells, but never bored upon: Is all level,
soil of the best, title absolutely perfect: on
main road and adj. canal: make offer for this.
Ad. box 1131. Call, for full particulars-.
AT a sacrifice — All or any part of 4.1 acres;
cultivated level loam; adjoining- Napa; only
. $60 per acre; cashHor terms; easily worth
$1CO. N. J>. KCKKLS, 6 Geary st
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard*. '
vineyards; inspected bargains: nicnthly cata->
Icgues *<nt free. C. M. WOOSTEft CO..
ft-* Market st.
FREE booklet and poultry folder. San Benfto
County Improvement Club. Holllster. Cal.
CKICgEIT BAHCHSS.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
New C-room house on prominent street; butlt
by owner for his own use. but owlny to un-
foreseen circumstances am not able to occupy
same: Improvements strictly modern: rooms
and halls tinted: ".0 min. from S. F- by Key
Route; 3 rain, from station: must b« soM;
inspect & be convinced. Owner, box 1084, Call.
JBtATE^KEALJESTATE^^^
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars; 43 minutes from 5th acd Market
sts.: outside the tog belt and just beyond
where . the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoft"
will Join the main line; second subdivision
now being offered; 50-foot lots from $40© up;
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes In
front of every lot; pure artesian well water;
' half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were soij
( In two weeks: an exceptional opportunity
; to secure a lot in this aesirable section sn
easy term*; take the electric cars and iret
• off at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY, RODOEKS & CO..
Tel Main «7.t. lift California st.
arXSLO PABg SEAL ESTATE.
$2tt> PER acre— Two 8-acre and one lac.-*
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
roads; last of this property left; hi cash.
Menlo Park — A fine country home, with
splendid garden and magnificent treee;
built, old-fashicned house In good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all Unproved.
Fair Oak.*— Land In best part of thin dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
from 4 to -5 acres; special terms to that*
. building immediately.
SELBY. RODGER3 & CO..
Telephone Main tt73- US California st .
MILL VALLEY SEAL ESTATE.
$4C0 To"$SOO. • 10 per cent cash, balance $10
monthly; fine lots. 50x125 and larger: graded
streets; pure mountain water; grand redwood
trees; cberming views; right at the station.
126 lots* sold; send for Illustrated booklet.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st
REAL ESTATE TO EZCXANQS.
BTCMB homes la Oakland to exchange for
ranch property. P. C. LASSEJI & CO... 468
Tenth st. Oakland." Cal. ¦¦'-.'¦¦
~ i aiYTJEaP^KOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. t'J. of fifty cents
luOO'per share on the issued capital stock of
,- the company, has l been declared, payable at -
the office o: the company,. rooms 2U2. 204 and
20« Hayward building, • San Francisco, on
September 10. 1904. Transfer books close -
Sept 3. 1004. at noon. C. C QUINN. Sec
Continued on Pase TwelTO,
l OUND— Conttauedj^^
LOST — A St. Bernard dog, no collar on. Re-
turn to 848 Thirtieth St., Oakland. Reward.
LOST — Presentation badge, name- on bar." Suit-
able reward. Carpenter, Fischer's Theater.
LOST— A whits yawl. Sept. 5, off Mare Island.
' Finder notify J.P. Peterson, 3 Steuart st.S.F.
LOST. — Young- blue Dane dog; collar license
on; reward. 3371 Twenty-flrst st
FOUND — Gold medal; hammerthrower; name
i on back. Call 171G Bryant ?t. , ¦
FOUND— Cocker spaniel with white spot -on
breast. Owner call at 625 Eddy st
FOUND — A Gordon setter. Inquire at • 423
Washington st. room 4.
LAUNCHES FOB HIRE.
C. A. McNElLL LAUNCH Co!, foot of Clay
ct.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush' 534.
J. Micha»llg Launch Co.. Union-st. Wharf : boat-
ing £ excursions. 5 Steuart st. :teI.John 28S&
MATamoariAL.
A TOUNG German of some means wishes to
' correspond with young lady or maiden; object
matrimony. Box 1114, Call office.
. MATTBESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKD
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
MINES AWD UnriNQ.
EQUIPPED mines and good prospects; reports
guaranteed; claims In Tonopah district,
Nevada; buyers Investigate. S. C. TRAY-
NER. 4 Sutter st
' MEDICAL.^
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant feea. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE.
702 Market et.. rooms 7. and 8.
LADIES— If you are In trouble, confide in me.
Relief for irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm t>>e only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
. write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WESTON. office .305 KEARNY ST.
MRS.IDR WYETH. specialist lor all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all TeJ
male troubles and irregularities;, instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S>4 Market st. opp. nth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the r>iost difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 101S Market at
MRS. BERNARD. 17 Fourth st. room », pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor A
steam baths. Office hours 10 n. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market
MRS. DR. GWYER." 811 A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'FarrelL
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleaeon-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny £ Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom . St., corner
26th: ladles, relief cr no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— TOtt SALE.
2D- HAND machinery, engines," boilers, pumpa,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILKRS engines, 2d-hand machinery- McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
FOR S8le — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying; modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. RRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
_LENDER. C52 Mission st.
DOES YOU R ROOF LEAK? . "
• Repair-It with elaterlte. In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or ccating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roots.
ELATERITB ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and- DESKS — As we are going to move
.t5J.'Nc»-'M6fltgomcry ttv and to avoid moving
stock, will. sell at big cut in -prices. RICH-
•ARPSOX BROS.. -181G -Market st.
A— BUYS; sells or -rents gear niachlnery. en-
gines. ' boilers, water pipe. : shafting pulleys,
. etc. WHITELAW. 203-255 Spear st.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12, upstairs.
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st,
upstairs, r
TRY our men's eho?s at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at ?2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
FOX terrier puppy males' $3. 3010 Castro at.
In Gltn Park, Ingleslde cars.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1CC7 Mkt.
FOR sale — Fine large safe. With steel -vault;
almost new. Inquire 354 Hayes st.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; ?4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint jCo.. 310 Third ;tel. Main 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged] T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st.; 1 tel. South S1I.
BEAUTIFUL 1 -karat diamond ring ?S0; worth
I $100. GARIN, 138 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — F"lrst-efass now bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021 1£ Market St.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I, FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, gale rental;
bargains. Bullard &. Breck, 131 Post St.
SOME gcod 2d-hand gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. " p., - cheftD E. B. BECK.& CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New Hint second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st./
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
' all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 . Fremont st.
MISCELLAnEOTTS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full die?s suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTE1N BROS., 25
Stockton at.
WANTED — A bull terrlsr or cocker spaniel
purpy, " female. MRS. WATSON. 907 Mc-
Allister ' St., San Francisco.
WHAT will you sive in exchange for a kali-
grniih typewriter in perfect condition?- Box
. 1104, Call ofHce.
WANTED— To buy painting -tools or shop;
must be reasonable. J. Weaver. 1210 Mission.
WANTED— A tame, trainpd-to-harness billy
goat for child to drive. Box 055, Call office.
HIGHEST prices for ladles'.rent's castoff cloth.
' iv.g, etc. Tf«l. IJavl« 825; •• tiflO Sacramento st.
¦HIGIIUST prices for. Iarjie3\ gentlemen's cast-
, o.T cloth., etc. J>2^ Folsom. st. : taf, Fol. 3522.
Tl I/TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical good». 154 ilth st; tel. Jessie 2851.
MUSICAL rNSTETJK^"vn:.
piano* . for ' email rooms, <¦ medium size for
¦ average rooms, big pianos for large parlors,
halls, etc.: pianos fcr rent at $1 per month.
Mine at fl', a large number ol.good ones at
$2 50 per mo.: our own make pianos, at $3
per mo. (the best instrument offered ¦ for the
money in. 83. F.); a fine lir.<j of. elegant large
piancB fcr $4 and $5 per mo.; over $150 In-
struments to : select from.- al! of them good
• bargains to buy .ts w«!l as rent; one year's
. rental -allowed off i purchase price. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 500-04 Hayes st
A BUNCH Ol- 1 UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Erard, small upright for practice... ..... $40
.. Wcodworth and Atlovon." splendid order.. 65
°> Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain.... 125
\ fcherrr.an. Clay & Ce..\ good order.... .... 1M
, • Grovesteen & Fuller. ¦ *pl«ndld > order. ..'.'. 145
. HENJ. CUIiTAZ ; & SON. IB O'Farrelt st
AT -f2 ! per ' month up. rent or purchase; ioweal
. terms,* lowest prices and greatest variety of
' new pianos; 'all makes in, used instruments.
' HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; Oak-
; land, 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.- .' •-,•.
TALKING ! machines, guitars." etc. ; « easy pay-
ments; month's , Dlano rent free. BRUENN.
¦%.<225; Gutter st. -: .•--..'-: ' - -- ¦-¦-' -. . ." :
FINE Stelnway square piano: for sale cheap.
1250 Mission, st., i near Ninth. ", . .
A GeorpeV Steck i'-'i upright grand: : elegant ma-
• hogany case: cheap. Hornung, 'J10 McAllister.'
EECOND-hand piano. $128. BAC1OALUPI, 760
: Mission »t ,¦':.,¦¦¦.¦-- -..--'.'.¦"¦¦" *¦¦¦'"•.'¦ t -.
A 'PRIVATE party lef t ; Fischer upright to be
sold: $135. 237 Geary st. ; \ ;
A ' LOT .' unredeemed : storage - pianos. - furniture,
; dirt-cheap.:. Whltehead's ; Storage,* 163d: Mkt.;
HELP WAWTEP--3gAXE— Contfamedr^
MACHINIST— Golden opportunity to right man.
to buy Interest. in machine shop . in country
town; business established 18U5; must be
good mechanic. P. O. box 132, Martinez,. Cal.
WANTED — Two porters. 202 Fourth st. '
WANTED — Walter at New Golden Gate Hotel,
104 Fourth st
WANTED — Young- man who Is a first-class ex-
perienced floor manager. Apply Saturday
and Monday between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ¦ : - '_
WANTED — Cash boys. Apply Saturday and
Monday between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' * . - y . ' . - _
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert in-
struction; 'positions secured; special Induce-
ments this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop, with baths and
laundry office, for Bale In Selma, Fresno
County; trial permitted. W. H.. box I860,
Selma. Cal. : ¦ ¦¦
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are invited
to register with us free ot charge. HORD
& SMITH. 95 Third st. 8. F.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade: Coyne Bros. Co. Schbol of Practical
-Plumbing-; eend for catalogue. Address 4073-5
Easton av<?., St. J.oula, Mo.
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government position?. A,pply for free cata-
logue g-lvlng particulars, ; Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute, Grant bldgV 1095 'Market. st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
EXPERIENCED salesman for boys' clothing
wanted. Apply superintendent's office The
Emporium. > ¦ . .
MEN and women, learn the 'barber trade;
wages paid while learning. HAIGHT'S. 647
Commercial »t. -
BOYS of various ages for stock, cash and
wrappers. Apply Superintendent's office. The
Emrvorlum. ' «
WANTED— Flrst-clase clothing man, that can
take full charge of city store; wages $100.
Address box 1030, Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 A $1 50
, pair; foot-form shoes, $2 50; we pay 'express i
charges. 11 3d rt., Exm. bid. :open till 9 p.m.
WANTED — Experienced ran washer for bak-ery.
Call after 8 a. m. at 111 Larkin st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart st.
FOR sale at ence; half Interest In two-chair
barber-shop. Call at once, 147B Third st.
TWO-CHAIR barber-shop for sale cheap. 3017
Eighteenth St., near Sanchex.
BARBER shop, 4 chairs, 2 steady. 227' Hayes.
WANTED — Coatmaker for the country. REISS
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
BOY drive wagon and do porter work In oyster
house. 4C9 Seventh st. Oakland.
GRADUATE optician; one familiar with photo
supplies preferred. Sunset Bazaar, 42 Third.
GOOD paying 10c barber shop for sale; give
you trial. 225V£ Fifth st.
$150— BARBER-SHOP for sale; 3 chairs; rent
$12; 3 living rooms. 428 Sl^th st.
TWO young men to learn the barbsr trade.
For particulars inquire 751 Mission st.
MEN wanted at 1.17 3d st, where shoes are re-
paired by machinery ;se wed soles 10 min., 75c.
WANTED — Younjr man to learn barber irade;
wases paid while learning. 741A Howard.
LABOR debts cotlccted: suits, attachment*.
Law and Adjustment .Co., 32S Montgy.,r.415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HA LLBEP.T. 517 Jackson st-
PENKION Atty., E.A.BulMs.r. !'>,Phelan bldg.
Past .Com. Geo. H. Thomas 3'ost, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 Third Bt3 near Mar-
ket— 700 room*; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and bag-Kspe^tp.and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened : Ht 1008. Market - St., opposite
Fifth. Oi:on until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce.cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL *izcn men's shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price, 503 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d fits.
GET your sho<?ft half-soled, while waiting) 25c
to .".Oc. 5C" ' MiPiori st. Iwt. 1st and 2d sts.
SOLICITORS WAKTEP.
SOLICITORS; good opportunity for bright men.
Great American Imp. Tea Co., 52-5S Market.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. ?«tf>$9 day. 1114
Washington st..* Oakland, r. 3. 10 to 1" a. m.
a»p WAOorrs.
FINE river bottom pasturag*; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. I!)0 Stevenson. S.F.
NEW 3-spring business wngon for sale cheap.
| 1CS0 Mlfslon,st.,»near Thirteenth.
FOR sale — Cheap: 10 flr.e surre». with or with-
out rubber tires. 150:{ FoJsom st. /
NEW and second-hand buggies wugons aur-
rpyg. W. WERTSCH. 100 Golden Gate ave.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons anu narao*
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. ."27 Sixth «t.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness. work and driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
H0USE3 TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. .l.H.UKBSEN & CO.. L'u Montgomery.
PINE, 1120. old Fair mansion, Fairvlew Hotel,
the place for you to dwell; It's ve,ry swell:
four large, sunny rooms left, with bath and
comforts* of heme; price, $S5 and up, with
board for two. , .
TO let— House of 10 rooms on California *t;
rent $-10. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecklng Co.
BUSH. 122. r j — Upper' part of house; 5 rooms,
bath; rent $26. Apply 1223 Btt«h st.
HOUSES TO LET— gTTB,in 5 HED.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage; 2130 Lyon
6t. near Jackson: medern U roonin, bath and
large basement; to lease to desirable tenant.
Apply MADISON & PURKE .
,-J-.-. I ?7 A jJ5^?5 A J t ? g !L
SOLIV rented, exchanged; manufacturers of
Eam»« trlcvcle chair. 201S Mkt: tel. Park 77r>.
y AITD jFOTmp.
LOST -In ladlec' toilet, first floor Palace- HoteC
3 rings, * between 2 ami :i o'clock p/ ni., Fri-
day. Reward, MISS HIGRY, care Wellman,
Peck &' Co., East st. ; phone Private Ex-
change 00. , . ¦
ON Van Ness ave.; bet Post and' California or
California st, or on Cal. st. car. :a black
, .purse . containing gold coin, currency.' dia-
mond, studs and keys. Return to office at
I'D - Battery Bt. and receive reward.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibemia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in'
the name of CLARA SINCLAIR. No.' 210,- '
I U7(»; th.; finder will please return to bank. \
' ?5 REWARD— Ulack lace scarf, '.Wednesday
• night, between Jones st. and ferry, on Mar-
ket . It«ward at 4'Jl Twenty-elxth st, Oak-
land. L.M. WILLIS. . ->.
LOST— All of our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality of stock did it. SHlttKLar
THE FLORIST. 311 Suiter *t. phone Grant
107; 1204 Sutler at..' phone East 817.
LOST— Gray boa : tie.: with diamond /pin, at
i Alcazar matinee or on O'Farrcll 3t; reward.
' WILL HORG AN, 1433 Greenwich st.
LOST— A sold brooch containing three black
and three white pearls. J. W. DAVY, 240 N.
. Third et-.^San Jose, ; Cal. •' , - . I
LOST— Brindle bull terrier (female); answcis
to namo of Bird; suitable reward at Sperry
•Flour Co.'s stables. 545 Sixth st, nr. Bryant
LOST— Sept.'. 8, - on : Key route i train, leather
wallet ¦ marked ;; VW. - A. ; Potts." •, Return to
'K. T. , £08 Post , st. ; reward. ,
LOST— White buV terrier pup (male); suitable
reward at - ; Sperry ; Flour • Co.'s stables. 643
Sixth st, near Bryant.
LOST— September : 8, ; at K. P.- freight sheds,
¦ Fourth and' Kin 3 s srts., a : teamster's purse,
; with money : reward.*? lZi % Fourteenth Bt. .
LOST— A '.: diamond ' ring; between Ellis and
.Powell; and Kddy st-cars." .Liberal reward If
returned >-. to f 101 Ellis ?st;,' basement, v"-.;.;. i';.;
LOST— Watch and cold fob with thlrty-sJbond
• degree ¦ : Masonic charm. - ¦ ¦¦ Reward ; - DR.
' GEORGK ¦ H. BOSKOWITZ. 1280 Sutter at.
"Perfumes made TA \ A/ A 1\I T A P. A/ P R T 1 Q P R Q FDFF
where the flowers grow" | \Jf \\ J-\ [ \ I /iiL/ Y L 1\ I 1 OLvlVu"! KLLjBelieved to Be Murderer.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 9.— Gus
"Willis, arrested here for vagrancy, is
believed ' by the police to be a man
wanted In Eau Claire. Wls.. for the
alleged murder of the Sheriff of that
county last January. The Sheriff at
tempted to arrest a man suspected' of
burghiry and was shot dead.- The man
escaped and was supposed to have
come to the coast. Willis is said to
answer the description. He will be de
tained here for identification.
German Dark Is Floated.
ASTORIA. Sept. ,9.— The German
four-masted bark Anna, which,strand
ed yesterday on : Old Hog's Back, was
floated without difficulty at high water.
It .was at first supposed she was 'high
upon the bar and that she would suf
fer considerable damage.
Earthquake In ; Riverside.
RIVERSIDE. Sept. 9.^- A slight earth
quake "shock .was , felt, here at 5:17 this
morning.'- The vibrations were easterly
and '..westerly. There was no . damage
done. •.':• _
No Decision in , Calchas Case. '
VLADIVOSTOK. Sept. 9. — The prize
court has .not reached a decision In
the ; case of the British steamship
Calchas. which was recently'selzsdby
the Vladivostok squadron. The ves
sel^ Icargo is now being examined -by
direction of the prize court.
PORT BLAKELEV — Arrived Sept 9— Schr
Americana from Poft Townsend.
Sailed Sept 9— Schr H D Eendlxsen, for San
Francisco. ..
ABERDEEN — Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Santa
Monica.- hence Sept 5;
Balled Sept 9— Stmr G O IJndauer. for San
Francisco; schr Henry Witson. for San Fran
cisco: schr Kona. for Redondo; schr Murie!.
for Redondo.
' FOREIGN PORTS. .
VICTORIA, B C*-Arrlved Sept 9 — Stmr
Queen, hence Sept 7. -
DOMESTIC .PORTS.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. — There Is
reason to believe that, Alton B. Par-
Jeer will make arrangements to come
to New York City for temporary resi
dence as soon as his letter of accept
ance is made public. It is known that
leading Democrats have strongly pre
sented to him that his continued resi
dence at such ah inconvenient place
as Rosemount, with no hotel accom
modations, has kept Judge Parker
from personal contact ' with many
prominent men who are frequently in
New York City, but who have not time
for a trio to Esopus.
URGING PARKER TO
REMOVE TO XEW YORK
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. *.— The
revenue accruing to the provincial
government from timber royalties,, ir
respective of timber licenses, during: tha
months of July and August has been
larger^ than that of any four months
in the history of British Columbia, ex
ceeding $100,000. The total revenue of
the Government from this source dur
ing the whole of last year was only
$250,000.
Vancouver's Revenue From Lumbar
Districts for Last Four Months
Is Remarkably Largo.
TIMBER ROTALTXES ADD
TO GOVERNMENTS TREASURY
Early last May Dr. Ames visited ths
university and delivered an address be*
fore its law association. Out of grati
tude for his enthusiastic reception her*
he has made this gift to the depart*
ment of law.
STANFORD UNIVERSITT. Sept. 9.
Dr. James Barr Ames, dean of tha
Harvard Law School, has gtvea to tha
Stanford law library tha sum of $150
to be devoted to tha purchase of law
books.
Eastern Educator Shows Gratitude for
Hearty Reception Given Him
at the University.
STANFORD IiAW IJBRART
IS ENLARGED BY GIFT
The earnings of the three com
panies amounted to something znoro
than 822,000.000 In 1903.
NEW YORK. Sept. 0. — By action of
the directors of the American Tobacco
Company, the Consolidated Tobacco
Company, and the Continental Tobac
co Company, meetings of the stock
holders of the three organizations
have been called for September 30, at
which plans will be put before tha
stockholders for consolidation of tha
three big concerns into one corpora
tion, to be known as the American
Tobacco Company.
Directors ot the American and Consol
idated Companies Will Merge
Interests.
TWO IiARGE TOBACCO
CONCERNS TO COMBUTE
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 9.— Constabla
Jahile E. Teaser brought Ed Rose to
the County Jail Thursday evening,
where he will be held pending the re
sult of the injuries he Inflicted on Bert
Ellis, whom he assaulted with a large
rock Wednesday. Rose is now
charged with an assault with a deadly
weapon and his preliminary examina
tion, will not take place for some days.
Ellis is the proprietor of the Geyser
ville Hotel. Rose stopped at that
hostelry. He and the landlord ex
changed words over a bill. A fight fol
lowed, during which Rose~managed to
secure a large rock. "With this he in
flicted severe injuries on his antagonist.
Guest With AVbom He Had
Dispute Over Bill.
Hotel Proprietor Seriously Injured by
USES ROCK IX FIGHT
AXD DEATH 3IAY RESUI/T
DENVER, Colo.. Sept. 9.— In It* final
report to District Judge Samuel I*
Carpenter to-day, the- Grand Jury
handed down Indictments against of
ficers of the defunct Fidelity Saving*
Association. The men indicted ara E.
M. Johnson, president; John L Jones,
secretary; G. W. Campbell, ex-eecrs
tary, and E. W. Smitn, A. N. Part
ridge, all of Denver, and M. B. John
son and H. J. Johnson of Dallas, Tex
as. The latter -were all directors of tha
defunct concern. H. J. Johnson was
president of an association bearing the
same name In Dallas. The charges
against them are conspiracy to make,
state and publish false statements con
cerning: the Fidelity and making, stat
in? and publishing: the same. E. M.
Johnson and H. J. Johnson are charged
with grand larceny."
Men VTho Managed. Defunct Fidelity
Savings Association Must Account
to the Law.
DENVER GRAND JURY
INDICTS BAjTK OFFICIAI/I
John A.. George Wi, Llewellyn B. and Grace
V. Hammond and Mrs. Maud M. Armstrong
(owners) with William L. Moore (contractor),
architect John A. Hammond — AH work for
a 3-story frame building (6 fiats) on K line
of Gough street, 31 S of Fulton. S 25:3 by
82:6. Western Addition 138; $9500.
Bank of Italy (owner) with W. T. Velteh
& Brother (contractors), architect* Wright
& Polk — Alterations and additions to bulldln?
on N line of Washington street and SW line
of Montromery avenue. NW to premises of
J. F. FugazI &. Co.. SW to Col un; bus
Savings and Loan Society, S to Washington.
E to beginning; $5293.
Bernard Lowenstein (owner) with Richard
Rice (contractor), architect* Dodge & DolT>
ver — Plumbing and gasnttlng for a two-story.
attic and basement residence on N line of
Pacific avenue. 64:2W of Webster, W 37:6
by N 110: $1075.
Mrs. Marie Heine (owner) with The Pioneer
Realty Company (contractors). architect-
All work for a one-story frame cottage en
E line of Sixth avenue. 184 N of Lake street.
N 25 E 128:1%, SW 25:%. W 124:10; $IS5O.
Julia Bressier (owner) with Ogbom & Adams
(contractors). architect — AH work for a
two-story and basement frame building (flats)
on lot on S line of Point Lobos avenue. 61 :6
E of Flr*t avenue. E 29:2 by 1OO; $5315.
¦ John and Ellen McGushin (owners) with Ed
ward E. Manseau and Charles H. Smith (con
tractors), architect* same — All work for a two
gtor" and basement frame building: (flats) on
lot on N line of , Valley street. 223:3 W of
Church. N 114 by W 19:3.' $3400.
\!fred or A. W. Relnlcke (owner) with Hugh
E. Pynn (contractor), architect Frederick D.
Boese — Carpenter work. plastering, glazing,
tinnlni, etc.. for a two-story frama building
• flat:) en lot on RW corner of Green and
Stelner struts. S 27:6 by W 80; $6100.
.lames and Mary Fitzgerald (owners) with
John J. Binet (contractor), architect same —
Carpenter work, plumbing, plastering, palnt-
Inr. electric wiring for a two-story frame
building on lot" on W line of Forty-fourth ave
nue, 133:7 N of Cliff avenue, N25 by W 120.
Outside Lands 225: • T2300. • .0
Builders' Contracts.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Carrie A. Bal-
Ilnger. lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue,
2C0:7 S of R street. S CO by W 120; $10.
Pacific Coast Savings Society to Solomon
Getz. lot on NW corner of. Forty-seventh ave
nue and T street, W 240 by N 600; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company, to Osgool H. Hil
ton, lot on S line of U street. 32:6 W of
Forty-first avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Simon
Rosen, lot on S line of Bessie street 80 W
of Folsom. W 25 by S 75, lot 28, Ducas Tract;
$10.
Seme to Henry Mlkuslk. lot on SE line of
Spreckels street, 173.56 XE of Visltaclon. NE
24.91 by SE 110.02. block 29, Sunnyvale Home
stead: $10.
Theodore Well to Achilla Well, lot 20 block
71. Railroad Avenue Extension Homestead: $10.
'William and C. T. Nlcol to John Thomson,
lot on NE line of Harrington street, 275 NW
of Mission. NW 25 by;NE 100. block 4 Acad
emy Tract; $10.
Gottlieb Katz to Ernestine Kati. lots 1200
and 1202. Gift Map 2; gift. ,
J. Sideman to Kmanuel Lewis Investment
Company, lot 13, block E, Mission-street Land
Company; $10.
Ardenia A. Morehead to The Morehead Com
pany.* lot on SE corner of Sixth avenue and
Clement street. S 1C0 by E 32:6; $10.
Abraham Ruef to Chester J. Teass. lot on
E line of Thirty-fifth avenue. 100 S of Q
street. S 200 by E 120: $10.
Edward H. Green to Marian G. Green, lot
on N line of Brannan street. 232 E of Third,
E 22 by N 80. and lands adjacent; $10.
Pacific Coast Saving* Society to Solomon
Getz. lot on S line of California street, 93:4
E of Seventeenth avenue. E 40 by S 96:1; $10.
Abraham Cohn to Carrie McCauley. lot on
S line of Washington street, 70 E of Kearny,
E 47:6 by S 34 :S; $1.
Rachel J. Snyder to George A. Pope, lot on
S line of Commercial street. 90:2 W of Mont
gomery. E 0:3% by S 50:6; $10.
John D. and Mary A. Coughlln and Thomas
J. and Elizabeth Ryan to Theresa C. Mallon.
lot on SW corner of Hinckley street and
Pinckney place. W 57:6 by S 57:6: $10.
Ellen A. and George S. Fife to Violet I.
Foster (wife of L. E.) lot on X Una of Cali
fornia street. 140:6 W of -Jones. W 29:6 by
N 137:6; Kift.
John W. and Sarah A. Fllnn ' to Beverly
MacMonagle. lot on W lin* of Hyd« street.
1C8-.9 N of Clay. N 28:9 by W 137:6; $10.
. Charles or Carl and Hannah Semler to Pat
rick E. Slavln, lot on NW corner of Union and
Baker streets. N 110 by W 27:6; $10.
James and Fannie Caughell to Henry and
Mary Labharb, lot on N line of Geary street.
80 W of Cook. W 26:8 by N 100; $10.
James B. Smith to Florence E, Smith, lot
en N line of Page street, SO E of Ashbury, E
25 by N 82:6; $10.
Benjamin F. Goldman et al. to Louis Gold
nan, lot on S line of Oak street. 106:3 E of
Cole, E 37:6 by S 137:6; $10.
John and Lura Stlerlen to George SUerlen
Company, lot on N Una ct Parnassus avenue.
100 W of Clayton street, W 50 by N 137:6: $10.
Mary O'Brien to Edward C. O'Brien. Mary
Shaw, Joseph O'Brien and Cecelia I. Bogle, lot
on N line of Fifteenth street, 160 E of Castro.
E 25 by N 115; gift.
Charles H. and Adella A. Athearn to Anton
Sorlch, lot on SE corner of Duncan and Do
lores streets, S 64 by E 100; $10.
Estate of David R. Jones (by Charles C. Ba
mls, executor) to O. C. Guenzel, lot on E line
of Church street. 26:6 S of Twenty-«lxth, S
25 by E 86; $870.
Same to Ellen Brown, lot on E line o?
Church street. 61:6 S of Twenty-sixth, S 50 by
E 86; $1040.
Same to Annie E. Prlngle lot on N line of
Army street, 171 E of Church. E 25 by N
114; $875.
Lloyd S. Prlngla to same, same; gift.
Eliza F. H. Mlddlecoff to Ella E. McFar
land, lot on N line of Broadway. 245 W of
Eteiner. W 47:8 by N 137{6: $&450.
Peter F. and Annie C. Dunne to Mary D.
Conner (Taaffe), lot on W Una of Brederlck
street, 105 N of Clay. N 25 by W 106:3; $10.
Glanbatlsta Demattel et al. to Cesere De
?Incenzl. lot en E Una of Blak* street. 123 S
of Geary. S 25 by E 120. block C. Junlpero
Homestead: $10. *
Glanbat 1st a and Silvia Demattel. Cesere and
Maria Devincenxi to Llugl Devlncenzl or Lul
Devineensie. lot on E line of Blake street. 150
S of Geary, S 25 by E 120, block C. *ame; $10.
Bee Taylor to Leella T. McCleary. lot on N
line of Fulton street, 105 W of Gougb, W 2T:«
by N 120: $10.
Gertrude B. Piper to California Gas Fixture*
Company. lot on N line of Union street, 112:8
E of Webster. E 25 by N 100: 110.
Ida E. Wagner (Ray) to Charles F. Wagner,
lot on N line of Washington street, S«:6 W et
Fillmore, W 23:6 by N 102; $10.
George W. and Nettla G. Ray to same.
same; {10.
George M. Mitchell to Eamnel Dusenbery.
lot " on SE corner of OTarrell and Pierce
streets, E 30 by S 87:6; $ . - '¦
FRIDAT. SEPTEMBER 8.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
The congress was entertained to-day
by the reading of many cable dispatch
es received from all parts of the world
in reply to International messages of
greeting sent out last night after the
flashing of the midnight time signal
from the naval observatory. The re
plies came in French, Spanish and
other modern languages. and all
breathed cordial sympathy with an in
terest in the work of the geographers.
From the City of Mexico came a dis
patch, from Felipe Valle saying that
the signal was received 36-100 of a sec
ond slow. At Toronto th« signal wai
23-100 of a second slow, while at liar*
Island Navy Yard. San Francisco, it
arrived 32-100 of a second early, ac
cording to the coast chronometers.
Last night's signal was sent on Its
Jotfrney In two directions, one by th«
Pacific cable and the other by t_« At
lantic
Papers were read by Dr. Adolph Mar
cuse. Germany: Arthur O. Wheeler.
Calgary. Canada; Professor J. F. Bay
ford. Washington. D. C.; F. E.
Matthias, Washington, D. C; Colonel
A. Lausserclal. Paris. France; Profes
sor A3 Penck. Vienna. Austria; Carroll
D. Wright. Washington. D. C.
llatthles* paper treated on tha top
ographical methods used for the ne^r
detail maps of the Grand Canyon of
the Colorado River.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 9.— At to-day's
session of the eighth International
Geographical Congress, "Government
Surveys", was tha chief subject under
consideration.
Efchth International Consress Assem
bles at Washington and Interest
ing Papers Are Read.
SCIENTISTS 3IEET TO TALK
ABOUT GEOGRAPHY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SATURDAY. SEPTEMBER-- 10, 1901.
12
| BOOIIS TO MT — rurn. I
• ___^. ¦ ¦ j
MISSION 1319— Furnished room;, '
! '¦ T .
j M'.gSION. 2202— Rooms to let. [
I P.»GE. SJ — FurnlrJied roomi«.
i PINE. G41 — Fine sunny rooms; cheap: suitable
I- for two gentlemen.. • '.
I PlNP:. lTXJ^NIcely furnished room; light.
; Minr.y; bath, phone, etc.: reasonable.
! POST. 507, n*ar Macon— Nice, eunny, bay-
: window room, suitable for two.
! POST J>S9 Large furnished front room; run-
i ning water; for 1 or 2 g«nt<: references.
i POWELL, 216 near OTarrell— Sunny furnish-
1 ed rooms: $2 we«!k up; 3 car lines.
!' ~ 1
¦ - * ' 1 ¦¦' ' ¦ • I
I R1TCII, 230—2 tunny front rooms to let. ] j
S 1C11— Neat and very sunny
rear room: prlvste family; gentleman. .
SACRAMENTO. 1042— A i sunny hall room In I
private family for gentleman.
STEVENSON. 223 — Furnished room to. let.
STEVENSON, 774 — Small furnished room to
let. "__
SUTTER. I01S— Two nicely furnished room*,
ruiiable for gentlemfn; with board.
I TEIIAMA. 156— Furnished room*.
! TENTH 14»— Large double room; centrally lo-
c* ted.
THE LARCH MONT. 861 Sutter— New brick
tulldins. finely furnished; modern; central;
rate* reasonable. V" '•
TURK. 8C1— Furnished room to let.
TURK. 816 — 3 tingle rooms nicely furnished j
for gentlemen. • •
VNITED STATES, 12S Ecdy. near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to J8 week: elec-
tric lights (no pus), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room: free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 37 — Large furnished front
room. - : ":'<¦"'
j ZOE. 44 — Rooms to let.
! WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to |8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
I ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recel^i*! at
I Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church ats.
! A BRA NCH office of The Call for the reception
> of sOvertisements and (subscriptions has been
| opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
I Or'n until 11 p. re.' !
I ' SOOMSAITOBOAg.p^^^
i COMFORTABLE, sociable, moderate home for
gentleman; 20 minutes to electric cars; good
beard. Box 1187. CslK^
[ ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms, with '
: choicest French table board: beat location. .
LARKIN. R4O — Room and board for gentleman.
I MASON. 615A. near Sutter— Sunny room and
board In pri\'ate family.
MCALLISTER. 1S22— Room* and board.
POST. 945 — Room, with or without board. \
! ROOMS .with board; all location*. Phone Clay j
! 938. j
EDDT. 1I2S, opp. Jefferson Park — Fin* furn. j
sunny rooms; table board; rra.*. ; new xnanag. ;
i HOWARD. 811A — First-class board and room. 1
jing.v or double, $5-$S v.-k. ; American family. I
— —————— _______ -— — 1
Stevenson Marslcn, cpp. Grace Church annex, !
S07 California — Se« rooms, learn prices, try table
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly :
Call. IB paces, sent to any address In the ,
United States or Canada one year for 51. •
j -r- I
BOOMS AITP BOARD WAHTEP. ;
ROOMS and board wanted In private family !
by widow and grown son; few stairs; West- I
ern Addition. F. A. HEALT. 303 California. <
— ¦— »— — — — — — — —— . — — » — ¦ — — — — — 1
_ooar-REirrrprQ aozhct. j
' Have you any rooms to let? If you have and :
I want them rented quick telephone to Clay 99U. '
STCBAOE A~0 1 WABEHOQ3ES.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping; warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750. j
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture. !
household coods stored, moved, shipped. 725- ]
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phono Grant 161. j
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.: !
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ; j
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored. ]
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of- j
fie-? Post asd Powell sts.: tel. PrI. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storag-e — Furniture and merchan- !
diee. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126. j
GOLDEN West Storage ;• advances made. 840 j
Mi.«s*on rt.: tel. Howard .941. F. W. Zehfuss. |
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving 1 Com- |
j-any. 2.°.20 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1. |
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery •
St.; tel. Main IV 10. Shipping at cut rates. ;
1 A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
1 1<5 \ist:f%. In wrapper, for malllnc. $1 per year.
j TO -EASE.
• FOR lease — California Schuetzen Club Park,
near San Rafael. California. Written bids for
the lease of California Schuetren Club Park :
for five years, from December 20, 1904, will !
be received up to October 1. 1904, at the or- \
flee cf the secretary of the California !
Schuetzen Club. Park and Building Assocla- :
tlon, O. A. Breroer. S20 Kearny «t., San ;
Francisco. California. The form of lease '
and each and all the terms and conditions, !
except the amount of rent, may be seen at ]
the office of the secretary, and any Intending; j
letsee whose bid la accepted will .iave to ,
give satisfactory security for the perform- J
¦nee of the terms and condition* . of the
leate. The directors reserve the right to re-
ject any and all bids.
PHILO JACOBT. Pre«ldent.
O. A. BREMER. Secretary.
jrgPEWHrrERs aitp sppraiEa.
AN exceptionally good No. 2. Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriter* at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2" 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California «t
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 60S Market
VIA VI.
A WAT to health — Mothers' and daughters'
1 home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VI AVI CO.. 2204 Van >.'ess; phone East 2S2.
PEOPOSAI.S.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — Office
Uepot Quartermaster, 26 Xew Montgomery
it.. San Francisco, Cal.. September 8. 1304.
Sealed proposals, In triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m.^" September 29.
1SK)4. Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing and delivering at ths San
Francisco Depot. California, stationery,
kitchen utensils, army ranges, lawn mowers,
hardware, paint, oil, etc. The United States
reserves the right to accept or reject any
cr all proposals or any. part thereof." In-
formation and blank proposals will be^ fur-
nished on application. Envelope* containing
proposals to be marked, ."Proposals for
(Quartermaster Supplies No. C970." and 'ad-
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Quarter-
master, U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
AUCTION eale — Office General Superintendent
Army Transport Service, San Francisco, Cal
Sept. S, l»04— There will be sold at public
suction. « 11 o'clock a. m.. September' 27,
1304. at Folsom -street wharf, a lot of miscel-
laneous condemned Quartermaster's stores,
a list of which can be seen at Folsom-street
wharf. C. A. DEVOL, Major and Quarter-
master. V. 6. A. "•:.-.>
AHP STAMMERPTq.
MELBOURNE InstltuteTvanVJess and Market^
cures : estab. In S.F. 4 yr«. Hours 1 to a p.m.
EIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
H!rth. rr.srrlsp* and death notices tent 07
mall will not be Inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication office* and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authorized to have the came ' published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in" thie column
free of charge. - , ;
BORN.
KOPPING^-In Alameda. Eeotember 6, 1004,
to the wife of H.. H. Hopping * (formerly
Christie Btockmier). a son.
CDONKELL— Jn thl* city. August 21, '1904.
to the wife of . Martin J. CDonnetl, *.
daughter. ' . ¦-. ,. - . . . ,
-ALARRLED.
HARVEY— PETERS— In- thl* .city. September
8. 1»OL by the Rev.: F. K. x Baker of Santa
Crui. • XVHlIam E.- Harvey and Florence '
Peter*, both of thl* clty7ateSBSgpB|IHi
McKENNA— MONZE— In tola -city. September '
7. 1904., by. the Rev. Father; Gilbert, J.\ Paul
McKenna and Clara A. Monze,.
ALAMEDA ADVEK r FS ? M ? TS
ALAIgCPA SEAIi ESTATE.
K<,'KECLOSUKE.
WE WANT AN OFFEO. -
NO REASONABLE O*FEK REFUSED.
A'recM r.ew S-room hou««: ftne msrlr* v««w;
I-ri.»- It thorouehly modern: porcel»:n o*m.
«•.». : c«m»>nt bs^mtd: fSOOW.
*- ; HAMMOND A HAMMOND.
Tr.« Leading and R»i;*ble AK*atv
1422 PARK ST.
? S ? NTS
BEBZr^ET SZAI. ESTATE.
ALCEE t COnXEUU
t^ECIAi. liAKt-AlNS LN REAL. ESTATE.
?1 CCO-- 5-r couatr utar cor. Achby ave. and
San Tabic. larze iot.
fl.150 — 5-r. octtage; iJelaware et.; $250 cash.
balance a.-- rent.
$'2A0<^—^-i. cottage acar Ashby ave.: $300
ca*s. easy terms on balance.
I-J.SOO— 7-r. house; new; sunny end ccntrsl
location; larce lot; $500 cash, balance
fc£ ri-nt.
$1.000— S-r house: n*w; Walnut »t.; fronts
th» bai : desirable location fcr a heme.
f.'.SOO — 10- r. house: Biocrort tray; south
frcnt age; near U. C. «
f;,5C?— 10-r. house and barn; Durant ave.;
south frcr.tage; large lot: best location.
VrOO— Residence lot near station; street
wctV completed.
$^.400 will buy SO it.. 2 residence lots, en
E!ak» St.. bet. Dana and Ellsworth; a
¦ reel trr.f'
f!.2M> buys let. C0xl4S. Berry-Bangs Tract;
most desirable location.
C2.1Q0 buy* fire r»*!ienc-e comer, fronting
wuth and east. In Berry- Bangs Tract;
¦ bargain!
P.eilo»M.ce leu in all part* of Berkeley.
fM.000 — Buritjeta property; rays 6 per cent net.
*S-O,ooc — Kutines* property; pays 6 per cent n»C
f!S.6C<>— Be«t srsilable busines* lot in the city.
t23.C<K> — Rest available busln^fs comer In tb«
city. !
ALBEK & CORYELL,
'21S9 Center St., Berkeley. Cal.
IDZAL CHICKEN RANCH.
Orchard View Trsct. at San Lesndro.
Subdividlnr fine orchard on gentle elope;
rire to Fuit; ec«y tmni; plenty water; fine
fruit; cal! for detail*; go and see Sunday.
Owner. 713 Mills bldg.
ENAPS in cottase* anJ lots; ranches for sal*
in OsJcland ar.d Fruittale; al?o property tor
*ale and exchar./r* In any p»rt of United
States; call <-n me before buying elsewhere;
no charge for conveyance to you to what we
have L. BLUDGETT. 1101 East Fifteenth
et.. Oak!*nd.
BARGAIN— $1600: P-room house, well. bam.
c h'.cken-bouse. f*n youns fruit trees, lot 175x
20T: one block north of Corbln station. West
Bcifccler. Inculre of F. GEVIS. on the
premises.
TO RENT.
In the b»rt r»rt cf town, fine corner house of
10 rnofr*. hayrnerit un<1 attic: rent $RO.
JOKFPH .1. UABOM. Berke>r ttation.
BEB7tri.ST rPBHTEKICT ROOMS.
LARGF. furnished room with large alcove; !
central lrvitio. Telephone Dana 14'J7, cr j
addrfss ""11 Durart ave., Berkeley. j
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'M'TS I
OFFICE. 101C BROADWAY.
OAICCABTD BOOMS.
FOR rent — A large front room; suitable for 2 i
person*; ne.ir business center; $2 per week, j
713 Eleventh «t., Oakland. ¦ |
Oakland runa hobs ros sali.
TO-MORROW the c"ay for bargains In fuml- i
ture. H. Schelhaas.llth «t..cor.store.Oaklaad.
San Francisco Advertiseni'ts
noorrs roB^»usEKXEFnrcK^^
BUSH. 1412A — 4 front bay-window rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 1261— Floor of 3 runny rooms;
running Wtfcr M every room: nics location.
KELL, I!C*< — Nice furnished suite housekeeping.
$14; central: Lath, gas range; adults.
FIRST. 2'" > S. near Howard — S sunny housekcep- j
\rs rooms; business location; rent moderate. !
FIRST. "17— Lerse fur. frcnt rms. for light i
hikpc;: run. water, cjoset, bath, also sing. r.
FOLSOM. 742A — Sunny front housekeepias;
jcomi; yard connection; $14 month.
FOLSOM. 743 — Housckeepinat^^om*.
FOURTH. 225— Nice housekeeping rooms; also
clngle rocina.
FOURTEENTH. 70C — 3 sunny furnished house-
k**r>ns rocir.s.
HOWARD. 7C7^5— Nicely furnished sunr.y suite
hcut* keeping room?, ar.d others. $1 50 up.
JACKSON. Q41 — 2 cr 3 housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. €07 — To let. 4 nn<l 2 sunny rooms;
lurr.it^ed fcr housekeeping; with gas.
KEN1LWORTH. cor. Buth and Powell— Thrw-
rocn s-ur.ny upanrnenti; steam heat;cea. loe.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1310 Pine —
Sur.ry. furnished 3-room suites; Eteam heat- j
fd, tlectric liRhted; free bath?; rates vae. j
LIBRARY biag.. Van Ness and Golden Gate !
avts. — Suites and tunny unfur. rooms; r*as. j
MISSION. 1219— Furnished houtek'N-ping rioma; j
also or.e einjrle room; no children. !
MISSION. 2756 — Two famished tunny rooms or
housekeeping. $12.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let; all locations
Phone Clay 836.
NINETEENTH. S<75.nr.Valenc:a,warm bolt— 2
nicely fur. front rooms ;housckeeping:gas, bath.
OAK. 117. HS8 McAllister — -Roon«, complete;
K to $12; gas range, hot bath; adults.
OAK. 4U7 — Month. 54 and $5; sunny, clean,
quiet and respectable. Call 6 to 7 p. m. only.
SACRAMENTO. 1C05— Three unlurniehed front
rooict; bay ¦window; running water; gas and
bath. ,
SOOTT. Son, northeast corner Page — Two newly
fumiffled. euncy, housekeeping rooms; quiet,
respectable.
« ROOMS with psrlor. furnished for house-
keeping. Apply 119A Sixta «t.. the Pied-
mont House.
6TEINER. 15^9—2 or 3 furnifhed rooms, wlih
**e of kitchen.
THIRD. SI 4 — Suite* and singles. $1 60 to (4
week; bath; back euite, range, porch, $2 70.
TT"RK, 11K>— Two suite* front parlor* for
houBtkeep.; nice location; new house; rea*.
A BRANCH office of The r-n for the recep-
tlon of adi-ertlsement* and rubscriptlom has
b*en opened st 1OOS Market «t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. nj. *^
ADVERTISEMENTS, subFcription* received at
CaJI branch officp. cor. Duncan &. Church ets.
APAHTMSITT HOUSES.
BT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson *t. — Modern 3-4-S
rootrj: furn. or unfur.: ref*. Tel. Eat 13S0.
COCKS TO LET— Tnm. and VnSnxn.
A— WOLF HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard— Modern apartments, single room*,
etc.. from X>c to (1; rate* by tbt week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK Hero*. 148 Sixth *t — Room*
rSc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping roonu; open all night.
AT "Th« Almonte," £71 Market »t. <cr No 1
Fifth st.) — Room*. 25c. 60e. $1. $1 so nlghf
fl S'J to f 10 week; bcuee open ail night.
AT Mayflower, 308 Third — Nice room* 25c
50c. T5c. $1 night; week. $125 to f 4;' bath!
BELMOND Hoo»*. ovrr Owl drug «tore, 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
light*; running water In every roc-m* *0Q
room*; 2J^c to &Oe per nicht; SI 23 to S3 week.
BUSH. 76S— Room to let.
ELLIS. CO614— Housekeeping room*; also fur-
. nisned rooms to let- • ' . • ¦
FIFTH. 254— Vtcely furnished sunny room-
reasonable price.
I":u.vKU.v. 721, near Q. O. are. — Sunny fur-
tiithed frost rooms, suitable fcr two. (10.
FURNISHED rooms to let: all locations. Phoni
City S*«. - - ¦ -
GEATtT. €6* — Front rooms ana kitchen; aj M
others.
GOLDEN' GATE «v»., 621. near Van Ness
Furnished frcnt eulie; reasonable; other*.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 3Sc
to fl 2S sight; $1 B0 to >6 wk.; readlng-rm.
HOWARD, 71&— Large sunny- rooms at low
ratec; 25c to $1 day and $1 25 to $3 week.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunay roemj.
hot. cold water. elevator;wlndow* for parade.
UcALLISTER. 717 — Well furnished housekeep-
ing front parlor*; room* for. Knights Teoa-
pl*r; lew rent. •
NOTICE OF FORECLOSURE SALE.'
UNITED STATES SHIPBUILDING ".COM-
Notice is hereby given that pursuant to
a decree of foreclosure and • sale made
and entered in the Circuit Court of the
United States for the District of New
Jersey on June 30, 1994, in a certain con-
solidated cause in equity pending in said
court, wherein The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany and New York Security and Trust
Company, respectively, are complainants,
and United States Shipbuilding Company
and others are defendants, and also pur-
suant to an ancillary decree of foreclo-
sure and sale made and entered in • the
Circuit Court of the United Statesfor tue
Northern District of California on August
1, 1904, in a certain consolidated cause in
equity pending in said court wherein the
said The Mercantile Trust Company and
New York Security and Trust Company,
respectively, are complainants, and United
States Shipbuilding Company and others
are defendants, I, James -Smith; jr., as
special master in and by said decrees ap-
pointed, will sell in two separate parcels
at public sale or auction to the highest
bidaer, at the front door of the main busi-
ness office upon the mortgaged premises
h-relnafter described, in the City of San
Francisco, State of California, viz.. on the
north side of Twentieth Street, between
Michigan and Georgia Streets, in the said
City of San Francisco, on the twenty-
sixth day of September, 1904, at 12
o'clock noon, or on tho day and hour to
which I may finally adjourn the sale, the
following premises and property which in
said decrees are adjudged to. be mort-
gaged under two certain mortgages from
said United States Shipbuilding Company,
tho first to The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany, and the second to the New York
Security and Trust Company, and are
described as follows:
FIRST PARCEL.
The yards, docks, plant and property
formerly owned by the Union Iron Works,
situated in San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and consisting of:
(a) All those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of land situate, lying and being In the
City and County of San Francisco, State
of California, and bounded and particu-
larly described as follows, to wit:
1. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Illinois and Eighteenth Streets;
running* thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet, to Michigan Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Michigan Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the liortherly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred (200)
feet to Illinois Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly : line of Illinois
6treet-four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Twenty-five (425).
2. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Illinois and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line, of Nineteenth, street two
hundred (200) feet to Michigan Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Michigan Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Illinois Street; thence northwardly and
along the easterly line of Illinois ¦ Street
four hundred (400) feet to, the point of
commencement; being all- r of tr "°
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Twenty-six (4'6)
3. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Michigan and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and .along the
southerly line of Nineteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Georgia Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Georgia Street four h undre cl
(40u) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Miohigan Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly line of Michigan
Street four" hundred (400) feet^ to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Forty-seven (447). ¦
4. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Michigan and Eighteenth Streets,
running thence easterwardly and along
the southerly line of Eighteenth Street
two hundred (200) feet to Georgia street,
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Georgia Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street: thence west-
wardly and along the northerly line of
Nineteenth Street two hundred (»0) fee it
to Michigan Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly line of Michigan
Street four hundred (40p) feet to the point
of commencement; *being all of Potrero
Nuevo, Block Number Four Hundred and
Forty-eight (448). ;
& Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Georgia and Eighteenth Streets:
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Louisiana Street lour hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred (200)
feet to Georgia Street; thence northward-
lv and along the easterly line of Georgia
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo. Block Four Hundred and lifty-
6 Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Nineteenth and Georgia Streets;
running thenco eastwardly and along the
southerly line of totfeet two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana 1 Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Louisiana Street four hundred
(100) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200)
feet to Georgia Street; thence north-
wardly and along the easterly line of
Georgia Street four hundred (400) feet to
the point of commencement; being all of
Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four Hun-
dred and Sixty (460).
7. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Louisiana and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Nineteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Maryland Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Maryland Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
DIED. '£.
Andrews. Margaret Lochhead. Robert
Bryan. "William Marshand. AUc*
Charle*, Josephine Martincich, Frank
Corbett. Thoma* McBrtde. Joseph
Cragen, James Miller. Thomaa
Dougherty. Edward Mohr. Arthur
Farren, Thoma* Moore, Claudia* B.
Flynn, Patrick Mulcahy, John
Gilleran. Patrick O'Brion. S. Jane I*
Hammond, George A. Peterson, Frank B.
Hopkins, Harry Rupert, Frederick J.
Jackson, Augusta B. Russell,- Margaret
Jaksha. Anna Schmitt. ¦ Martha
Kenanck, Thoma* J. Bthreshley, Hattie H.
Kinney, Elizabeth Tone Wee .
Lapatosky. Marie 1 Tower. Charle* H.
Lawler, Francl*
ANDREWS— In Alameda, September ¦ 8, 1804,
Margaret Andrew*, wife ofi James Andrew*,
and aunt of Mrs. Annie rj un nof Alameda
and Mr*. Beralc Hutchlnson of High street,
a native of Belfast. Ireland, aged 63 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral eervlces
Sunday. SeDtember 11. at 2 P. m.. at the
residence of James Dunn. 1311 Park street,
Alameda. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
BRYAN-In thl. city, Beptember^ 7. 1804J
William Bryan, beloved father of William
1 Bryan and Geonriana Watson, *, native of
a Maryland, aged 75 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintance* are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
September 10, at 2 p. m.. from the parlors
of the -California Undertaking Company. 405
Pow-ll street. Interment Cypres* Law" Cem-
etery, via 3:30 d. m. train from. Third and
Townsend *treet».
CHAIILES— In Whlttler. .; Lo« Angeles County.'
September 8. 1904. Jc*ephine diaries beloved
wife of Andrew Charle*, and beloved mother
cf Mr». Georgle Mitchell, Mrs. Fred A. Haa-
*ard and John C. Charles. ; a native of Nor-
way. (Virginia City papers please l copy.)
' ICTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 p. m., from the funeral par-
lors of Jame* McGinn & Co., 21t Eddy stitet.
Interment Cypree* Lawn Cemetery.
mnBETT — Entered Into rest, ' in this city,
EenttmberS. 1004. Thomaa Corbett. father of
Mrs T Franc!. G. Farrell. ! Mrs. Nellie • E.
Smith »J»<* Mr*. Harriet A. Corbett of New
York, a native of Ireland; ' ; -
KTThe funeral will take . place . to-day
f Saturday), at 1 p. m.. from. the parlors of
Carew & ; English. : 29. Van Ness avenue,
thence to Bt. Mary** Cathedral for ¦ services.
Tnterment Holy Cros* Cemetery, by, electric
funeral car from Guerrero and Eighteenth
streets. •
f •RAGF'*!— In thl. city, - September 8,' 1004, at
309 Taylor «treet, James Cragen, beloved
' f«th»r of Mro. H. ' Theerman, and grand-
father of William J. and Albert ; J. • Howell.
aged SO years. - - ' . '' '--•
r>oiIGHERTY — In thl* dry. September 7, 1004,
Edward F.: beloved husband of Sadie Dough,
erty and father of Ethel and Agnes Dough-
erty and r son-in-law of Joseph Sullivan, a
native ot Brooklyn. N." Y. \t&beu!ftnVtiHHmtQ
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to aUend the funeral - to-day
'• (Saturday), at 8:30 a, m... from his late resl-
: dence 1126% . Alabama street. • thence to St. ,
Peter'* Church, where a requiem '¦ high mass
will be celebrated ' for. the • repose ; of '•¦'¦ hi*
E*ul at 8 a, m. Interment Holy. Cross Cem-'
etery. :
FARREN— In thi* city, .September.* 8, 1804,'
> Thorr.a* Farren. brother 'of > Robert J. and
I JFOBECIOSPBE 8AI.E. j ...'.". 1
westwardly and along the northerly line I
• of»Twentieth Street two hundred (200); feet I
to Louisiana Street; thence northwardly |
and along 'the easterly line ot Louisiana
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of. commencement; being all , of Potrero
Nuevo -Block Number Four Hundred and
Eighty-one (481). J
' 8. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Eighteenth and Louisiana Streets:
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Maryland Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Maryland • Street lour hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred (2,0)
feet to Louisiana Street; thence north-
wardly and - along the easterly line of
Louisiana Street four hundred (M0) feet to
the point of commencement; being all of
Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four Hun-
dred and Eighty-two (481')-
9. Commencing at the southeasterly
corner of Maryland and Eighteenth
streets, running thence eastwardly and
along the southerly ) line of Eighteenth
street two hundred (200) feet to Delaware
street; thence southwardly and along the
westerly line of Delaware street four
hundred (100) feet to Nineteenth street;
thence westwardly and along the north-
erly lincof Nineteenth street two hun-_
idrcd (1*00) feet to Maryland street; thence
northwardly and along the easterly line
of Maryland street'four hundred (400) feet
to the point of commencement; being all
of Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four
Hundred and Eighty-five (485).
10. Commencing x at the southeasterly
corner of Michigan and Twentieth streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Twentieth street two
hundred (200) < feet to Georgia street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line, of Georgia street four hundred
(400) feet; thence at a right angle west-
wardly and parallel with Twentieth street
two hundred (200) feet to Michigan
street; thence northwardly and along the
easterly line of Michigan street ..four
hundred (400) feet to the point of com-
mencement; being all of Potrero Nuevo
Block Number Four Hundred and Forty-
six (446).
11. Commencing at the . southeasterly
corner of Georgia and Twentieth streets;
running thence eastwardly and along- the
southerly line of Twentieth street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Louisiana street one hundred
and thirty-one (131) feet and eight (8)
inches; thence at a right angle westward-
ly and parallel with Twentieth street
ninety-five (95) feet and three and one-
half (3»A) inches: thence south ff& degrees
west two hundred and forty-six (246)
feet and one-fourth (K) of an Inch
to a point fifty-six (56): feet and
eight and ¦ one-half (8%) Inches
eastwardly from the eastwardly line
of Georgia street; thence southwardly
twenty-seven (27) feet and seven (7)
inches to a point distant fifty-two - (52)
feet easterly from the easterly line of
Georgia street; thence westwardly and
parallel with Twentieth street fifty-two
(52) feet to Georgia street; thence north-
wardly and along the easterly line of
Georgia street four hundred (400) feet to
the point of commencement; being a por-
tion of Portrero Nuevo Block Number
Four Hundred and Sixty-one (461).
12. Commencing at a point on the west-
erly line of Georgia street, distant thereon
two hundred and twenty (220) feet north-
wardly from the northerly line of Twenty-
second street: running thence westwardly
and at a right angle to Georgia street one
hundred (100) feet; thence at a right angle
northwardly five (5) feet and six and one- 1
half (6Vi) inches; thence westwardly one
hundred (100) feet, more or less, to the
easterly line of Miohigan street at a point
distant thereon two hundred and twenty-
six (226) feet and , five and flve-elghths
'15%) inches noijthwardly from the north-
erly lino of Twenty-second street: th?nce
northwardly and along the easterly line
of Michigan street, one - hundred and
seventy-three (173) feet and six and three-
eighths (6%) inches: thence at a right
angle eastwardly and parallel with Twen-
ty-second street two hundred (200) feat to
Georgia street: thence southwardly and
along the westerly line of Georgia street
one hundred and eighty (180) feet to the
point of commencement; being a portion
of Potrero Nuevo: Block Number Four
Hundred and Forty-five (445).
(b) The buildings, structures, erections
and constructions placed thereon witn
their fixtures.
(c) All windlasses, capstans, tackle,
docks, engines, furnaces, boilers, ma-
chinery, shafting, belting, pulleys, dy-
namos, dyes, patterns, dra-wlngs. tools,
furniture, fixtures, appliances, Implements
and appurtenances of every kind and
character situate, lying or being In, on or
about the said yards, docks, premises
and property described in clauses (a) and,
(b) hereof, and used or provided for use In
and about the operation of said plant and
property and the carrying on of tha
business of the United States Shipbuild-
ing Company In the same, it being the
intention that said yards, docks, prem-
ises and property should be conveyed as
an active, going and operating manu-
facturing plant.
SECOND PARCEL.
All the raw material, steel, iron, lum-
ber, fuel, oil. supplies, goods, wares, mer-
chandise and products belonging to the
United States Shipbuilding Company, and
tormerly owned by the Union Iron Works,
whether manufactured or in proves 3 of
manufacture, and air other tangible per-
sonal property, goods and chattels, of any
and every kind, name or nature, which
may be upon the premises last above de-
scribed, and -which the United States
Shipbuilding Company acquired from said
Union Iron Works. . ,
As' provided by cald decrees, the said
premises and property will bs sold fre3
and clear of all liens and claims of every
description, without valuation, appraise-
ment, redemption or extension.
The special master will offpr for sale
separately in one parcel all that portion
of the mortgaged real estate and appur-
tenances ¦ hcreinabove- described as the
FIRST PARRCEL. In making such sale
the special master will, pursuant to the
directions of said decrees, accept no bid
for the property so to be offered for sale
from any bidder for a sum le?s than Jl,-
400,000. nor from any bidder who shall not
John li. Farren and Mrs. Martha Devine. a
native of New York, aged 45 years.
FLYNN— In this city. September 9, 1904,
Patrick Flynn, a native ot County Gal way,
Ireland, aged 40 years. ' :'¦'...¦-
(ETXotlco of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between' Third and Fourth.
GILLERAN— In this city. September 9. 1904.
at his residence, 1111% Bryant street,
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Mar-
K&ret Gilleran, and loving father of Mrs.
H. C. Smith, a native of County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
HAMMOND — In Berkeley September S, 1904.
George A., beloved son of Hugh "W. and
Elizabeth Hammond, and brother of Rable
and Helen Hammond, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 11 months. •
E7Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the funeral services
Saturday morning;. September 10. 1904, at
10 o'clock, at .the parents' residence. 3014
Shattuck -avenue. Berkeley. Interment • pri-
vate at Mountain View Cemetery. v -
HOPKINS— In this city, September 7, 1004,
Harry Hopkins, a native of Indiana, aged
40 years. . A member of the. Walter" Union.
Local No. 30. .. • •
. (C?"Frit;nd.i and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
September 11, at 3 p m., from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White," 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Cypress. Lawn Cemetery.
JACKSON— In this city. September 7. 1904,
Augusta E. Jackson, beloved wife of C. O.
Jackson, and mother of Emma Christina
.*. Jackson, 1 - and daughter of . Mr. and Mrs. J.
Smith, and- eister of Mrs. ."VVV P. Turner i
and Julia T., Lulu M. and Dorothy J. Smith, i
' ' a - native of Navarro, Mendoclno County, '•
Cal., aeed 27 years 3 months and : 20 . days, i
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday, '. ;
¦ September 11, at 1:30 p. m., from the inortu-
¦ ary 'chapel' of James Hagan & 1 Co.j 49-51'
Duboce avenue < formerly Thirteenth street),
¦near Valencia. Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
etcry. $BWS^BSf^9Bf^BHS)S. :
JAKSHA— In this city September 9, 1004.
Anna Jaksha. dearly beloved wffe of Joseph
Jaksha. and beloved sister of John Dergance.
a native of Austria, aged 44 years. ¦. r
KVNDRICK— In" this city," September 8, 1004.
Thomas. J.; beloved husband of Mary Ken -
drlck/i father ¦ of Frank Kendrick, • loving son
of Ellen and the late Thomas Kendrick, and
v brother.' of Mary . Bart. Nellie, • Agnes and
" - Joseph Kendrick and ¦ Mr*. J. C. . Flood, a
native of San Francisco. ¦¦' - f. .V -^-' ¦
. ¦ ty Friends and acquaintance* are respect -
, r fully • Invited . to attend the % funeral >-. to-day
(Saturday), at 9:15 a. mi, from the residence
of ; his mother. > 1202 Treat avenue, ¦ thence • to
. St.- Peter' a ¦ Church, where ' a : MQuiera high
mas* will.be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9:45 a.m..'. Interment Holy Cross
., 'Cemetery.- Please omit flowers.^gWeOBaWC
KINNEY— In y this * city, i September . 8. . 1901.
¦ _ Elizabeth. • widow : of . < the ¦¦¦; late ¦- William ; J.
Kinney. and dearly beloved mother of Annie
' ¦ K. Lyons and ; Lillle ; M..' - Edward -. F. and
".¦William - J. Kinney, a native - t of .¦: County
" Cavan, Ireland, eged 70 years ' 4 months and
' 28 days. " .- ::'.; .,. ¦¦ .. '*-v ::. ¦
¦L,-': CFnends and acquaintances 'are respect.
: fully.i Invited to. attend the Monday..
i ' September' 12, at 8:30 a.** m. , . from ' her • late
residence, 6O914 1 Hyde* street, > thence to ' St.
¦'. Mary's t Cathedral, ; where ! a \ solemn • requiem-
' ¦ high - mass will ' be : celebrated < for. the repose
;. ' of ; her aotil,'. commencing : at 9 a. ; m. . ¦" Inter-
. ment Holy .Crow Cemetery.
LAPATOSKY— In this city, September 8, 1904, .
|^J; _ _ : rOTOCTOSTOE SAI.E-
I place in his hands or deposit with Him at
the time of making the bid as a p!e:'C)
that; such bidder. will make gcoi hi? bd,
if accepted by the court, the sum ot $105,-
000 in money or certified check up jn a. ;y
national bank, or > tn?on any trust com-
pany in the city of New York, or $5"Jo,ow.
lace value of the bonds secured by said
mortgage of the Ur*'.ted States Shipbuild-
ing Company to . The -' Mercantile Trust
Company, or, in case said mortgage shall
have been previously satisfied, $150,010 face
value of the bonds secured by said mort-
gage of the United States Shipbuilding
Company to the New York Security and
Trust Company. . .
- The special master will next offer for
sale, separately and in one parcel, all
that portion of the mortgaged personal
property . liereinabove described as the
SECOND PAKCKL. In making such sale
the said special muster will, pursuant to
the directions -of said decrees/ accept no
bid for the property bo to be offered for
sale from any bidder for a sum less than
$200,000, nor from any bidder who shall not
place in his hands or deposit with him at
the time of making the bid, as a pledge
that such bidder will make good his bid,
if accepted by the court, the sum of J60.W0
in money or certified check upon any na-
tional bank, or upon any trust company
in the city of New York.
The certificate of any trust company in I
the city of New York that It holds bonds
as therein described secured by either of
the said mortgages of the United States
Shipbuilding Company, subject to the or-
der of the party named, and transferred
to the special master, will be received by
said special master and accepted in lieu
of the bonds specified in said certificate as
a deposit at the time of sale and on ac-
count of the payment of the purchase-
price 'bid. with like, force and effect a«
though the bonds therein named had
been delivered to such special master.
Of the price for which said respective
parcels ; of property shall be sold, there
shall be paid in cash at the tim« of sale,
the cash deposits hereinbefore required,
which shall be received as a part of the {
purchase price and also, with respect to (
each of the said parcels of property, there
shall be paid in cash, at the same time,
and from time to time thereafter, such
further portions of the purchase price ot
said properties as the court may direct;
and 'tho court has reserved the right upon
the confirmation of the sale of the said
parcels of property, or either of them, to
charge the properties sold, or any part
thereof, with a lien to secure any such
further payment of cash In an amount I
then to be fixed by the court or to require
a bond in lieu of any such lien. The bal-
ance of the purchase price of each
of the said parcels of property, not j
required to be paid in. cash or secured by I
lien or bond as aforesaid, may be paid in
cash, or the purchaser may satisfy and
make good the balance of his bid, in whole
or in part, by turning in to be cancelled
or credited as hereinafter provided, out-
standing bonds and overdue coupons . ap-
pertaining thereto. secured by said mort-
gage of the United States Shipbuilding
Company to The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany, sail bonds and coupons being re-
ceived at such price or value as shall be
equivalent to tho amount that the holder
or holders thereof would be entitled to
receive thereon In case the entire pur- ¦
chase prices of all the properties covered |
by said mortgage were paid in cash; "or in
case said mortgage of the United States '
Shipbuilding Company to The Mercantila !
Trust Company shall have been previously ]
satisfied, said purchaser or purchasers
may for the same purpose turn In
to be so cancelled or credited out-
standing bonds and overdue coupons
appertaining thereto, secured by said
'mortgage ot the United States Shipbuild-
ing. Company to the New York Security
and Trust Company, which shall bo like-
wise received at a value likewise com-
puted; but such payment in bonds Issued
under said mortgage to The Mercantile .
Trust Company shall be subject to such
further order of the court as may be i
necessary to protect any rights, equities
or priorities of the holders of any<of said
bonds in respect to the distribution of the
proceeds of the sale of the premises cov-
ered by the lien of said mortgage, as in
said decrees provided. All such bends and
coupons that may be used to make any i
such payment shall be surrendered to tha !
special master and cancelled if the whole j
amount due thereon is applied upon tha
purchase price, but if less than the whole i
amount be so applied then the amount so
applied shall be stamped or written upon
such bonds and coupons, which shall then
be returned to the folder.
If any bid shall be accepted by the court
and the person making the same shall fail
to comply with all the conditions of. rale
and all orders of the court in respect
thereto, the sum deposited by the bidder
shall be forfeited and shall be applied as
the court may direct.
The court has reserved the right to re-
ject. any bid aiid to resell the mortgaged
premises and property upon the failure ot
any purchaser for five days to comply
with any order of the court requiring pay.
ment.
The said decrees provide that the pur-
chaser or purchasers of the property
therein decreed to be sold shall be invested
with, and s-hall hold, possess and enjoy
the said mortgaged property thereby de-
creed to be sold, or so much thereof as
may be purchased by him or them respec-
tively, and all rights, privileges and fran-
chises pertaining thereto, as fully and
completely as the defendants in said con-
solidated causes, or any of them, held and
enjoyed the same at the time of the el*try
of such decrees, or had theretofjre held
and enjoyed the same respectively; and, j
further, that the said purchaser or pur- j
chasers shall be entitled to hold the said
property so sold freed and discharged of
and from the Hen of the mortgages fore-
closed in said consolidated causes and
freed and discharged from r.ll claims ol
the parties to said suits. or any of them,
and every person represented by or claim-
ing under or through them or any of them, i
For further particulars reffrence is I
made to the above mentioned decrees of
the said Circuit Court of the United States
for the districts aforesaid, on, file with the
clerks of said courts respectively at Tren-
ton, New Jersey, and San Francisco, Call,
fornia. • - ;
Dated August 6th. 1904.
JAMES SMITH, JR.. Special Master,
Newark, New Jersey.
Marie Lapatosky. a native of Poland, aged
81 years.
I^A-WLER— In thl* city. September 8. 1904, at
his residence, S94 Eteiner street. Francis,
beloved husband of Honora A. Lawler, and
father of Philip, Mary and J.
Lawler, a native of Ireland.
£7 A requiem high' mass will be celebrated
for the ¦ rerose of,' hi* soul at Sacred Heart
Church - to-day " (Saturday), at 9:30 a. a.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully-
Invited to attend the services. Interment
private. Kindly omit flowers.
LOCHHEAD— In this city, September 8. 1004,
Robert. Lochhcad, beloved son of the late
John and Christina Lochhead. and brother
of Christina Williams. John Lochhead, Mary
Gaill and Jessie Fleishman, a native of San
Francisco, aeed 40 . years.
' (u,"'Fricnd* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 a. m., from the funeral
parlors of- James- McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
. street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MARCHANI>-lri this city, September 0, 1904.
Alice L Marchand, beloved mother of Mrs.
.T. Fulton. Mrs. H. Ulrkwedel, Mrs. H.
Martine. Mrs. C. W. 'Mustek, Mrs. G. E. Witt
ar.d .Viola;, Charles, Thomas, William and
Henry Marchand. a native of New York,
aged f»5 years 2 months and 18 days.
MARTTN'CICH— In this* city. SeDtember ».
1004, Frank, dearly beloved son of Frank and
' Sabina ; Martlncich. and brother of Matilda
. Martincich, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month and 18 days.
Et?"Frlen{ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place on
' Sunday, September ll.:at 10 a. m., from his
parents' residence. 023^ Pacific street. In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
McBRIDE— In ' this city, '¦ September 9, ¦ 1804,
Joseph, Infant ton' of Joseph T. and Ellza-
;beth McUride. a native of San Francisco.
MILLER — In this city. : September 9, 1004,
Thomas Miller, a native of Scotland, aged
62 years.
MOHR— In this city. September 8. 1D04.
- Arthur, : dearly- beloved and only chlldof
Allle and the late J. Henry Mohr, and be-
loved grandson of Henry and -Susie Steffens.
a native, of Uklah. Cal., aged 1 year 1
month and 5 daya. - -
'. (C7"Funeral private.
MOORE— In * this city, September : 8, 1004.
' -Claudlne- Elizabeth,; dearly beloved and only
: child . of 'J. '¦: Edcar . and • Loda 'A. Moore and
'¦¦ ; loving . crandchlld of George and Sarah
Burner and * Mrs. Elizabeth Moore. • a native
• of San 1 FranciRco. aged . 2 . years 11 . months
and SO days. . (Redding papers please copy.)
•": - (E7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ;-. Invited ¦ to \ attend ¦> the : funeral to-day
- : (Saturday), September 10. at a a. m.; from
", . the ; residence ' of " her - pavents, 49 Tremont
¦ avenue, ' off ¦ Walleri street, < between '.'Aahbury
and: Clayton.' Interment, Mount Olivet Cem-'
* etery.'. by- electric \ funeral D«r from -Elsht-
-'eenth and Guerrero streets.
MTJLC AH Y— In this city, . September 0. ' 1904
. John < Mulcahy, ' a native of : Ireland, aged
60 years. , • - . . ;
CBR1OX— In thl« city, September 7, 1904
S. ¦ Jane' L'. O'Brion.' mother "of : Mrs; -¦ Dr*
"'"- W. -F.5 Southard,*: a native ofComlih," Me "¦¦
aged 83 years 7 months and S days. (Maine
' 'papers please copy.), '> '%:¦ .
>¦'..> cy Funeral -. *ervlcea to-day -r (Saturday)
; '-at 11 a.* nw at ; the parlor* of Craig, ' Cochran
• ;.: & Co.*; 429 Golden Gate avenue/Incineration
¦-...private,' at Odd Fellows'.' Cemetery. .¦¦ ,
PETERSON— In Uhia ) city; i September ; 9, 1904;
• Frank B/ Peterson, 'dearly beloved son of the'
. ' late 'Marie and Frank Peterson, and beloved
brother of Emlle. Louis and Henry Peterson
and Mrs. J. Burns, and uncle of frank and
the late Airoee Peterson, a native of fcan
Francisco aged 31 years. •¦ ,
. CFricndi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
September 11, at 8:S0 a. m.. from h£ late
residence. 22 Bernard *treet r between Taylor
and, Jones, thence to French Church <>> ot "|
•Dame des Vlctoires) for services at VSV
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
RUPERT— In this city. September 0. 10O4,
Frederick J.. beloved Infant son cf John F.
and Margaret Rupert, a; native of San Fran-
cisco, accd 1 year 2 month* and C days.
RUSSELL— In this city.- September 9. 1304.
Margaret Russell, "a native of Ireland, aged
5S years.
SCHMITT— In this city, Semptember 8. 1004.
Martha, youngest and beloved daughter of
Charles G. and Annie M. Schmitt. anil sister
, of Charh* Jr., Annie and Josephine Schmjtt.,
a native of San Francisco, aged 0 months'
: and is <lay».
E5*Fr!«;iids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), September 10. at " o. m.. from
the residence cf her parents. 527 Edinburgh
street, between Paria and Russia avenues
(Mission road). Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
STHRESHLET— In , this city. September T.
1004. Hattie Hyman Sthrenhiey. daughter of
i Presley C. Hyman. and sister of Mr*. W. W.
Wilde, a native of California, aged 37 years
10 rnr.nths and $> day».
lCThe funeral services will take place
to-day (Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., at St.
Stephen's Episcopal Church, Fulton street,
near FIKtnore. Interment S^n Jose upon
arrival of train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 a. m.
TONG WEE— In this city. Beptember 9. 1904.
Tong Wee. a native cf China, aged 44 years.
TOWER— In this city. September a, 1004.
Charlt* Henry Tower, a native «f Massa-
chusetts, axed S3 year*. • \ - '; BUTTE. Sept. 9.— -Another "range
war: between ! cattlemen and sheepmen
is reported I in the : country adjoining
Prince Mountain, 'across the '[Wyoming
line. - The camp of George Crosby, was
attacked * at night and U 00 -or 5 0 0 ;.' of
his ' Bheep ; killed i by: driving _ them 5 over
a • cut } ln , a v: canyon.
Ranse War. Rages . In Wyoming.
SAN JOSE! Sept. 9.— Six heavily
armed highbinders, who are suspect
ed of many ; robberies among the Chi
nese in this county," were brought to
the county jail to-day ;by. Derjuty
Sheriff .White of Gllroy. There is lit
tle ' doubt .: that they are ! the , men who
on July. 7 last robbed ;and almost ! beat
to death Yun\ Lung, a Chinese; mer
chant of Mountain View, At that time;
they,. secured i $ 800. ' Gna of ; the 4 men
resembles 'ra Japanese' and investiga
tion at the jail -to-day showed that the
fellow wore.r a Japanese wig, - under
which, waa a tightly coiled queue.
Arrests Gang ' of Highbinders.
OMAHA, Nebr., Sept. 9— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 4300; easier: native eteefs, $4®6;. cows
and heifers. $2 60@3 75;: Western steers, $3©
4 60; Texas steers. (2 75©M 50; range- i'OWs an«l
heifers, ,'.JW 25@4 20;. canners. . fl 50@2 10;
stockers^ and feeders, $2 60®3 85-. calves %Z<Q
6 25-. bulls and stags.. *1 76@3 25. . ...
HOGS— Rece-lnts.. 4500; . market 10c .higher;
heavy,. $5 25^9 45; mixed;' $5 S0@5 45; 'light.
«5 45©5 liO; pigs, *3>76f-5 25;. bulk of sales
$5 30*5 50. ..;,<-- ..•;;. ¦ .,;- •, ,
• ; SHEEP — Receipts, 6000; - \ steady ; '. .• Western
yearlings. $3 6064;'., wethers. $3 40®3 75;
Omaha.
KANSAP CITY. Mo., Sept. 9.-^CATTLE—
Receipte. ; 3000; steady: native steers. |3 75ft
6; native cows and heifers, $1 50(34 35: stock
era and * feeders. V- 50® 4 25; ..hulls.: $2@3 50;
calve*,- |2&0®(S; Western steers, J3@4 «).:•'
HOGS— ReC'iipt.1. 4CO0; steady; bulk of salts,
$5 40!$ 5 50;' heavy. $5 40(95 45: packers. $5 40
@5 55: piss and lights; $5 30@6 55. . .-.-¦/ ..
8HEEP— Receipts/ 1000;.. strong: muttons,
$3 25®4; t lambs. $4 ROf 5 75; . range, wethers,
$3 40®4; ewe«, «2 75©4.60.,'
Kansas City.
CHICAGO, Sept. ¦ 9. r— CATTLE — Receipts,
4000, including SCO Westerns: steady;' good to
prime steers, $5 80@6 15: poor to medium,
*3 508x5 25: stocUers and feeders. $2 25@3 85;
Cows, $1 "«5®4 40; heifers. $\ 75@4 73; cun
rer* $1 35ig2 25; bulls. *2$?4 '25; calves. $3@
0 75*; Ttxai fed eteers. ?2 60@S 50; Weatern
Fteeri, ioCl CO.* '
I1O<JS — Receipts. 14,000; steady to weaker;
mixed and butchers' $5 25©;S 85: " good to
choice heavy. $5 R0@. r . 85: rough heavy, $4 9()@
5 25; light $5 45@5 90; bulk of sales, $5 60§)
6.70. ¦•'¦ '' -' : ¦ ' ¦ "¦ ¦ • ¦' " ' "' '-' . ' ¦¦
SHEEP— Receipts. 7000; steady; good" to
choice wethers. $3 50@4 16; fair to- choice
mixed, $303 60: Western sheep, $3®4 15: na
tive lambs, $4 25^65- Western lambs. $lff48O.
Chicago
j CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.. I
¦ CHICAGO, Sept. 8. — On the Produce Bx
chanto to-day the butter, market was steady ;
creameries. 14@17%c; dairies, 12^®l«c; eggs,
firm 14>t®17c; .cheese, firm,.8S 1 9c. ... '-. >v
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHEYENNE, ; Wyo., Sept. 9.—Pro
tests have been ¦ filed against Jesse W.
Crosby, one of the Republican Elec
tors, and his resignation has been de
cided upon/ Crosby, who has for
years been a leader in Mormon church
v/ork.and colonization in Northern
AVyominff,- is charged, with practicing
polygamy, and the Gentiles who are
waging war upon Mormons . in , this
State say they are prepared) to prove
the charges. '
-Crosby has filled several positions of
public trust, and, while It was known
that The 'was a very active member ol
the Mormon Jchurch, the charge of
polygamy . had never been lodged
against him until now. It is not
known who will succeed Crosby on the
Republican electoral ticket. C'J&HH&aBBS
\V> omine Leader In Mormon Church
Is Compelled to Resign From
the' Ticket.
POIiYGAailST CANNOT BE " .
A REPUBL.ICAN ELECTOR
CHICAGO, Sept. 9- — Cash. quotations. were as
follows — Flour.- steady:- No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 12V*«1 14: No. 3. $1 0C@l 14; No. 2 red,
SI OS'AiSl OO'Jfc: No. 2 corn, 5.*!>ic: No. 2 yel
low, 04»-ic;-No. 2 oats, 31%<&31Hc; No. 2
white - Itl»ie; No. 3 white. 3l»;@3l}ia: No. 2
rye, 71>i^72c; good feeding barley.' 3"®«8 Vic;
fair to choice malting. 47051c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 10%: No.. 1 Northwestern. $1 27»4:
mess pork. p«r bbl.. $10 05® 11; lard, per 100
lbs $7 05®7 07%: short ribs sides, loose.
$7 37»,i@7 60: short- clear- sides, • boxed, $8 25
68 50; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 28;
clover, contract grade, |11-75©11 80.
Articles — - Receipts. , Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,000 • -17,500
Wheat, bushels 103.000 32,800
Corn,- bushels ...; .-..C03.600 - 640,600
Oats bushels ....... ....223,000 . 4'J.tOO
Rye. bushels.. 2,000 • S.ftOO
Barley, bushels : 50,600 , 5,900
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK, Sept. 9.— The following Uble,
con pilfd by Bradstrect. shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
September 8, with the percentage of Increase
and «lcrea»e as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
. . Per Cent
. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,022,722,276 33.2
Chicago 173.665.944 7.4 ....
Boston H8.5S2.CS7 12.8 ....
Philadelphia 87,207,646 7.6
St. Louis 53,507.005 21.6
Pittsburg 31.S78.951 18.2
Ban Francisco .. 79,084.415 36.1
Baltimore ...'.... 19.310.9&6 14.8- ....
Cincinnati 20,889.400 l«.l ....
Kan«ae City .... 22.013,536 9.2 ....
New Orleans .... 10.372.008 7.3
Cleveland 11.890,157 .... 3.7
Minneapolis 13.979,590 12.7
Detroit 8,51S,800 1.7 ....
Louisville 9,429,757 4.1 ....
Omaha 6,777.184 3.5 ....
Milwaukee 7.402,949 16.4 ....
Providence 4,6Sd,5OQ 18.2 ." .
Buffalo ft.47O.94S .8 ....
Indianapolis • ft.414.9SC 12. 4>
St. Paul 5,10:j.80S 19.8 ..:.
Los Angeles 6,725.2e» 29.2 ....
Et. Joseph ....... 4.527.SKJ ......
Denver 4,337,033 10.1^- ....
Columbus 3,041.700 4.3 ....
Memphis 2,085,2S8 36.8 >'....
.Seattle .; "4,343.491 21.9
Richmond ....... 4.039,244 56.8 • ....
Washington 3,368,7S0 .... • 6.3
Savannah ft,19&.lS6 53.8
Albany 3.058.173 2.0
Portland. Or*. .. 8.652,984 9.3
Fort Worth 2.806,278 2.4 ' ....
Toledo, O. ...... 3,880,158 1.7 ....
Salt Lake City ... 2.109,723 3.4
Peoria 3.004,845 18.6 ....
Atlanta 2,329.930 7.7 ....
Rochester 3,217.523 •• 90.1' ....
Hartford 2,307,517 20.9 >...
Natbville 2,471.316 9.5
Des Molnes 2.201,000 - 23.6 ....
epokane. Wash .. 2,242,342 5.3' .;..
Taooma * 1,823,199 7.6- ¦....
Grand Rapids ... 1,681,763 - 6.2 ....
New Haven 1,036,792 44.5 ....
Dayton 1,603,307 6.8 ....
Norfolk • 1.42G.4S2 30.S
Springfield, Mas*.. ¦ l,O97,'J7iJ •* 6.0
Worcester 099,828 •'.... IS. 2
Portland. Me. ... -1,475.454 2.9 ....
Augusta. Ga l,»il2.S»r» 23.9 -....
Topeka ¦ 1,072, 3WJ .... 36.5
Eloux City 1,067.607 .5 ....
Syracuse 1,052.344 11.6 ....
Evansvlll* 1,146,360 13.2 ' .
UirtninKham ...... 1,053,293 10.2
Wilmington, Del. S00.335 .... 16.6
Knoxville 1,051,860 J6.9 .;..
Davenport 1.267,447 39.1
Little Rock 552,225 81.6
Wllkesbarra 792,332 ' 2.8 .
Fall River 41S.669 24.3
Macon .- ' 400,268 ...... 2«.8
Wheeling, W. Va. 71H.027 13.4 ....
Wichita 1,107.842 123.4
I Akron ,624,100 .... 24.5
Chattanooga ..... 704,870 10.2 ;..'.
Springfield. 111... 758.520 4.3 ¦....
Kalaraazoo. Mich. 679,062 ' 16.1
Youngstown ..... . 379,031 .... 39.2
Helena '.••• 605,677 12.6 ....
Lexington ....... 447,594 .... • J5.7
Fargo. • U. D.... . 411,576 -...;.; 20.2
New Bedforfl .... 339.955 6.9 ....
Canton. Ohio .:. . 456,000 ....." 7.1
Jacksonville, FU. 714,601 12.2 ....
Lowell ...: 358,?22 0.3
Chester. Pa....... ' 861.193 ft. 2
Greensbnrg. Pa... 452.703 6.6 .:..•
Rockford. IU..... 368,296 7.5
BInghamton .. .384,200.... 21 .«•• ....
Springfield. Ohio. 819.355 15.4 .
Bloomlngton. III.. • 466.340 • 61.8 ....
Quincy. -III....... 310.784. ¦ ...13.6
Sioux FalU. 8. D. 329,429 48.0'
Mansfield. Ohio..' 181,90* ¦ 4.6 ¦¦....
Decatur. -Ill 375,019 89.9 ;.;.
Jacksonville. 111.. 357,348^ 12.7 ....
Fremont, Neb.... 258,128 .45.7. ....
•Houston ....:... 17,278,6S# 68.8 ...".
?Oalveston .*-.... 8,223,000 -' 28.1- ...'.
Charleston. S/C. 587.36S - .... 11.4
Cedar Rapids ... 381.818 .... ....
Totals, U. S...f 1,788.086.233 • -22.6—....
Outsida N. 7.. 715,363,947 10.1 ....
GAJTADA^fiwHMEqHHHr
Montreal $17,759,281 2.«.. ....
Toronto .12,245,353 l'.T. .--....
Winnipeg. .......... 4,011,353 4.1 ....
The following fourth-class postmas
ters have. been appointed: California —
Edna, San Lui3 Obispo. County. Her
bert H. Bunds/vice August W. Turner,
resigned. Oregon — Imbler, Union
County, Walter Strlngham, vice Rosa
Stgler,. resigned. "¦-
WASHINGTON. Sept. 9.— Camp Va
cation Postomce, Sonoma County,
will close September . 30, mail to
Guemeville. A civil service examina
tion will be held at North Yakima.
Wash., on September. 29 for clerk in
the postal service. . John B. Sawyer
of, San Francisco has been appointed
Chinese inspector at . Portland, Or.
The Postofflce Department has ac
cepted the proposition of Charles Fos
ter to lease a room for the postofflce
at Corning. Cal. . v .
The following: money order offices
were commissioned on September S:
Vaughn, Wish., Fred Van Dyke; non
money order office. Smock, Or., Mary
J. Jones; Stedman, * Cal., Marion A.
McMillan. ' •
Camp Vocation Postofflce, Sonoma
County, Will Close at the End of
This Month.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
PORTUAND, Sept. 9.— WHEAT— For ex
pert. Walla Walla, 77c; bluestem, S2c; val
ley, 83c.
For shipment East, Walla Walla, ,80c: blue
stem, B5c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 9.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 82c; club, 77c'
OREGON
Northern IV heat Market.
" St. Louis Wool Market.
i ST. ', LOUIS/ Sept.: ».— iWflOL— Steady. Ter
ritory and Western mediums, 21f?25c; fine me
dium, l«@l»c; flne,,15@16c. '
ewes $2 5O0i3 80; common and stockera, $2 25
S3 75; lambs, $4@5 65.
Miscellaneous Markets.
BOTD*S ASSAILANTS CHARGED.—Wil
liam Curley was arrested yesterday morning
by Detectives Taylor and Mulcahy, and with
Victor- John Fox and Hans Stelner was booked
at the City Prison on a charge of assault
with Intent to commit great bodily harm. They
are the three men who attacked Police Ser
geant David W. Boyd last Monday night and
brutally kicked and beat him. j
CHICAGO, Sept. 0.— At the opening of the
wheat market Ideal harvesting weather pre
vailing ' throughout the : spring- wheat country
counterbalanced the influence of higher cables,'
causing a somewhat easier tone. Initial quo
tations on December were unchanged to \ic
lower at $1 u»U to $1 08%. Immediately after
the openinc the market experienced a sudden
advance as a result of a general demand for
May. On the up turn December rose to
ft O8T», but the higher prices brought out
liberal realizing sales. The consequent''de
cline .was as. abrupt as had been the pre
vious advance. During the first half of the
section the price of the December option hov
ered around ?1 08. Although crop news from
the Northwest to-day was as bullish as ever,
the demand lacked the energy manifested of
late. The selling was in preparation for a
poepibie surprise when the Government figures
and crop ' reports are given out to-morrow. -
Tht- market closed fairly steady, with Decem
ber at ?1 08%. ? -
Excellent weather was perhaps the main cause
of a decline of nearly a cent from the' price of
corn. Another factor bearing on the situation
was the Intimation that .the Government report
to be Issued to-morrow would be of a bearish
character. ! The market closed almost at the
lowest point. December opened a shade higher
to JiofiT'ii: lower at 52V«c to .*>2>ic and closed,
at 51V6@51%c. ?
For a brief period at the' opening the oats
market showed some firmness, but soon weak
ened In sympathy with other grains. During
the rreater part of the day trading was of
light volume. December opened a shade higher
at 33c, sold off to 32>£c and closed at the
bottom.
Provisions opened ' firm on buying for the
outside account, but later 'selling of pork by
the pit traders caused an easier tone. At the
close January pork was off 5c, lard closed
unchanged and ribs were a. pbade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
. Articles— Open. High. .Low. Close.
Wh»at. No. 2 —
September. old..l 08 U 1 C8»i 1 0R» g 1 OK'fc
September, new 1 00 - 1 OA . 1 C5 1 05*4
December 1 08% 1 OSTi . 1 07*4 1 0S%
May .1 lOVa 1 ll«i 1 09% 1 10»,i
Corn, No. . 2 —
September 54 M!i 53 M .
December ...... C2% 52 W 51 Vi 01%
May .:.. 51U 51',i*. 49T4 50;
Oats, No. 2 — ' • • . •' ••':
September 31 % 31*4 31% .11%
December ....... -33 S-1 32% 82$5
May -- aSH 35H 35 35
Mess pork, per bbl. —
October 1100 1100 lOflO 10 02
January .12 BO 12 02 V4 12 52 Va 12 52>a
Lard, per ICO lbs.—
October 7 15 7 17U 7 10 7 1214
January 7 20 7 22# 7 1714 7 17>4 ;
Short rib's, t>er ltW lbs.— "
January '.; 662^4 ftC5 <56O 6 60
September 7 42% 7 45 7 42J4 ,7 42^j
_ ; , . #
Future Grain and Provisions.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. — Lead and copper,
steady and . unchanged.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Con? money.... SS 7-16! N Y Central 127^4
Do acct ...;8S 0-l«!Ncr & Western... R0%
Anaconda 4><j Do pfd If* !>2
Atchlson :... K*»4lOnt & Western... SU»
- Do pfd 101 1«( Pennsylvania .."..- 65^
Bait & Ohio.'. ftU»t Rand Mines 1014
Can Pacific 12!> I Reading S4*i
rhes & Ohio 43 i" Do l«t t>td 43*;
Chi Great West.. 17 j Do 2d pfd 30%
Chi Mil & St P.iniU'So Railway ..... 31 %
De Beers IP*; I Do pfd IW
Den & Rio O... . 27UlKn Pacific 5fl>4
Do pfd RlV Union Pacific ....102^
Erie 31»i( Do pfd 96
Do 1st Dfd 70 |U S Steel 141,!
Do 2d rTd 47U' Do pfd ........ 64T4
111 Central 143"! Wabash 22
Louis & Xash....l?S»;i Do pfd *2
M K & Texa*... 24»4! Spanish 4s 87^
Bar 6ilver — Steady. 26 3-16d per ounce.
Money — l*£<£l*i per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2^<?2% per cent and for three
months' bills 2 9-16@2% per cent.
London Closihg Stocks.
Money— I United Fruit 106H
Call loans 2fcS3H U S Steel 14»»
Time loans ...4 65 Do- pfd 64H
Bonds — Westing Common. SI
Atchlson 4s 101H -Mining-
Do adj 4s..;... P5- Adventure 1?4
Mex Central 4s... 61 J Allouea 13
Railroads— Amal -Copper .... 59T4
Atchison S3*» Amer Zinc 12
Do pfd »8'j Atlantic •» 13H
Boston & AIbany.249 B!ng*iam 27%
Boston & Maine. 162- Calumet & Hecla.510
Boston Elev 152H Centennial :...... 2$**
Fitchburg pfd 137 Copp«r Range ... 57^4
Mex Central 14H Daly West 14H
N Y. N H & H..1B3 Doro Coal 55H
Pere' Marquette. . . 74 Franklin ..' 8V,
Union Pacific; 100?» Graney ...... 2T4
Miscellaneous — > Isle Royale 17>4
Amer Arge Chem. 13*: Mass Mining 3%
Do pfd SOU Michigan i. 6.
Amer Pneu Tube. 4U Mohawk 4S
Amer Sugar 131 Mont Coal & Coke 5"L
Do pfd 13.1'a Old Dominion ... 14tJ
Amer T«l & Tel. 133* Osceola 80H
Ataer Woolen ... 13>; Parrot 24%
Do pfd $2 Qulncy : 97. •
Dem Iron & S... 11 >£ Shannon 44
Ed Elect Ilium... 260 Tamarack .Ul4.
Gen Electric 173 I Trinity ..-» «6H
Mass Electric... lO'fclU f? Mining 2O»4
Do rfd -5S US Oil., 11%
Maes Gas 42 I Victoria 3»i
Un Shoe Mach... MHIWIncna ....*. !»v»
Do pfd 30HlWolverine !>2-
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. — Apparent
proof that insanity may be communi
cated like hydrophobia is shown in, a
case which is attracting much attenr
tion among physicians at Bellevue
Hospital. The subject is Nellie Hal
pin, a trained nurse, who was bitten
on the hand by an insane patient in
the King's County Sanitarium nearly
a year ago. Since then the wound
frequently has given MI$s Halpin
great pain and never completely
healed. About two months ago she
began to show signs of mental dis
turbance. These grew longer and
finally, her friends had the .young
woman removed from her h6me to
the ho3oital. She now suffers severe
convulsions resembling the manifesta
tions of rabies, while the mental de
lusions are almost continuous.
Case of Trained- Nurse In. New York
Attracts Attention' of the
; Medical World.
LOSES MIXD AFTER BEING ¦,
BITTEN BY INSANE PATIENT
APRICOTS — Are scarce and held rather
above buyers' views." Choice. 9%@10cr' extra
choice. 10ti«?l<Hicr fancy. ll@13c.
PEACHES— Rule firm. Choice, 7ii@'7&e; ex
tra choice. 8fiS%e; fancy, O^glOc.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Are celling " very
slowly and the market ruled rather easy In
tone. Common, 465c; prime, 5V8@5?ic; choice,
efitS'/aC; fancy. 7@7%c. »
PRUNES— Are in very light demand for the
time; being, and coast advices indicate an
easWr market for' futures. Spot prices range
from 2c to 5%c, according to grade. "
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Sept. 3.— FLOUR— -Receipt*
19,250 barrels; exports, 2400 barrels. I Market
quiet and rather easier. Winter straights,
$4 9o@'5 25; Minnesota patents, $5 25@6 05.
WHEAT— Receipts, 14.1KH) bushels. Spot,
steady. No. 2 red $1 13U I. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth. Si 25U I. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. .b. afloat. Al
though steadier at the opening on email West
ern receipt* and covering, wheat soon weak
ened under foreign selling. The afternoon
market' was unsettled and a shade higher on
covering. ;with the close net higher.
May closed at $112; September, $11314; De
cember, $1 12.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
COFFEE — The market for coffee ' futures
closed steady at net unchanged prices on all
position* except' 'September, which was j
points lower. Sale*. 25,500 bags, including:
September 6.50@ti.55c-, October. 6.55c; Decem
ber. 6.75®6.£5c; March. 7<57.1Oc; ..April, 7.18c;
May, 7.20tf7.25c; July, 7.45c; spot Rio, steady;
mild, steady. • ¦•
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining.. 3*4c; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 4 5-lttc; molasses sugar, 3 >¦»(-•;
refined, quiet; crushed, 5.45c; powdered, 5.35c;
granulated, - 5.25c. . • .
BUTTER— Unchanged. . , -•. '
CHEESE — Steady. State, full creams, large
white, poor to fancy, 6 ] i^8Hc '
EGGS — Firm. Western extra fancy, 220
¦224c; Western average b»9t. 2O@21c.
New York Grain and. Produce.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept 8. — By the
arrest "at Warrick, Mont., of a man
named Stevens the Salt Lake police
believe the murderer of W. A. Ver
million, who was killed in his -drug
store In this city on the night of Au
giist 22, is in custody. Stevens, it is
reported, has confessed his guilt and
has consented to return to Salt Lake
without extradition papers. Stevens'
arrest was the result of a long chase
by a Salt Lake newspaper man, fol
lowing a slender clew. Stevens, it was
learned, had been a constant borrower
of money from Vermillion and had dis
appeared suddenly the day after the
murder. He' was traced to
thence to Blackfoot, Idaho; Idaho
Falls and finally to a rar\ch near War
rick, Mont., where he was arrested.
The authorities. here have wired the
Sheriff of Silver Bow > County, Mon
tana, to hold Stevens on his arrival
there until an officer arrives from Salt
Lake. Vermillion, the. murdered man*
formerly lived in San Francisco.
NEW . YORK, Sept. 9. — Cotton futures
easy. September. 10.65c; October, 10.30c; No
vember, 10.30c; December, 10.37c J January,
10.37c; February. 10.38c bid; March. 10.40c;
May. 10.36c. • ! '> ¦ .
Spot cotton ' closed quiet. ' 2 points ' lower.
MlddHnfc uplands, lie; middling; gulf, 11.25c.
tales, 264 bales.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Newspaper Man Follows a
Clew That Leads to Cap
ture of Victim's Companion
.Wet 1 York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Bept. 0.— C!o«e: Money on
¦ ail. easy, »»yl jx-r cent, closing: bid %, of
;»rei 1. Time loer.s *tfa<3y; <iu <Iays, 2£2%
¦--¦' cfTX; sm> days, 2-i@2\ j.er cent; « nsonthi
s%ea%: •¦
"rime mercantile paper — 3%®4% per cent.
Sterling: exchange — Steady, with actual buel
r«>sb in banker*" bills at $4.870i@4.S710 for
end at 5-S.F450g4.MC0 for sixty day
Mils; pc?ted rate?. fi.K5©4.SS;" commercial
bills. $1*4%.
i;ar silver — I.CTj,c.
Mrxicaa do!!ar£ — 4!>%c.
AVtc York Stock Market.
NTVT YOI^K, Sept. 0.— Stock market price*
r-.ovta to a high level on a large volume of
opening drals. There were runr.ins sales of
7U00 shares of Rfwk Isian<1 at 23% and 29%.
r orrpared with last night. A decline of
* small friction in Reading was th« sole tm
f-cn*r:t exception to the strength.
' NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E F. jiu.ton & Co.. 439 California street.
Fan Franc'.yco. members el the New York
Stoclt exchange, furnish the following official
Violations cf that Exchange:
6ales. j Stocks— !High Low.) Bid. Ask.
(Afitas Express 225 235~
CS.lOO.Amalg Copper ..|£iJ>^ 56% 6'J% 58%
An-.er Can Ce...j 4>£ 4%
Do pfd 40 47
fi.SOf'.Amer O & F Co 22% 21 22% 23
8.30a, Do pfd 80=4 79% feO 80%
( Amer Cot Oil...; 32 32H
j. Do pfd 81 03'
100 Arr.er Dis Te!e . 23% 23% 23% 22%
lAmer Express L 210 214
i Amer GTwCo ' 6% 6%
;Aeim H A L....J... «i_ 4%
lWj Do pfd 20% 20% 20 21 '
100,Air.er I<-e | C% «% 6% 6%
100) Do pfd 2«% 26% 26% 27 -
lAder Linseed ..1 12 14%
i Do pfd 31 35%
800,Am«T Loco I 22%| 21% 22% 22%
200-; Do pfd I Ul%| 01% 02' <J2%
'Amer Malt 4 4%
100. Do pfd I 18% 19% 19 2l'
«.200iAmer 6 & R Co| 67% 6C% 67% 67%
1.30^1 Do pfd H0S% 107H 106% 108
:-5.80(> imir Sugar ...U32% 130% 131% 132
Do pfd .7 152' 137
Asser T & T Co |137 133
100 Amer Tob pfd... 145 141 143 160
iAraer Woolen 13% 14
I Do pfd 81% S3
8,400jAr.acoE<la 85 63% 84% 85
;Aln Arbor 2S 50
-j Do i«d 67 CO
15,R0r»A T & Ban F«.. 82% 81% S2%| S-*%
LS0O t Do pfd «9 'JS'-i 9i% »3
12,»00Balt & Ohio...- 69% 88% 8a%| 8a*»
Do pfd 93% »5
17.000'B K T 67% 56 5«i%| &C%
SOO.Brook Vn Gaa.. 222 220 220 iZl*S
Brua« D A I... 6 7
Butterick Co 4S 4D
[Canada South.. .( «x;% 67%
2,900,Canadian Pac ..[126% 126 12ti% t»8
13.K0OC A. O 42% 41% 42% 43
400C & A 42 41% 41% 41 1 _.
lOOJ Do rfd 84% 84% &•{ t*l T i
C & E I pfd im 140
\C & I L p£4 80 85
C&GW 1714 16% 17 17%
Do rfd "A" 53 54
Do pfd "B" 26 28
1.200 C & N W 190 1S9% 190% 1»1
14.600|C M & St P... 158 156% 157% 1158
Do pffl 163 1S4%
9.C00 c R 1 «¦ P (new) 3rt% 29V4 30 30%
2.700J Do pfd 73% 72% 73% 73%
(¦ DoTe 77% 78
Chi Terminal ..j ...... 6% «%
30Oi Do pfd I 15% 15% 14 15
300-Chicaco Un Tract «%| 6% 6% 7
V Do pfd ! 36% 40
200C C C & Et L. . 80% 80% 79% 80
S Do pfd "............ 109% 110
*iClev* Lor & W 60 70
j •>•..:.] 1 10 12
2.J00.CO1O Fuel v & I.. 39% 38% 39% S»%
I Do rtd 1 60 65
5T<0Cclum II C & J. 12% 12% 12% 12%
l.O0t);Colcrado So ... 1*% 15% 16 16%
<500| Do lFt pfd ... 48% I 4S% 4&M 48%
n.coti Do 2d rfd ...[22% 21% 22 22%
|S.«OMOoqsM Oa* . ...;ia»%'2i)2Hi2O2% 202%
t500|Con TVjb rM ..|l24M i il2'J% 124%|125
aootcprir. Protects ..! 13%I i:jv 4 13», 13%
•Ji>0 Vn pfd i TOHI 7<»1« 09%) 70%
•¦."¦< IXI & Hudfon .J17O (1«7 |T«9 1«3%
:;•<' U L & W ;2S1 281 ;2T8 28<J
D & r R O • 26% 27
1.2«": IH. pfd 180% 79% 79% 80
Dcs M ft Ft D 24 20
100 Detroit Vn Ry . 66%j «6% O«V« 6tSTi
'IN-troit Su I j 2 2%
Do i>f d 1 4 5
Dii-mon-l Match.] | 130 135
n;=t!l!:ng Secur 28%] 27%| 27% 27%
Ijis t^cxir Bondsi 1 7t»% 70%
Du'.v.th .« g & A.| j 7 6%
.....:.'¦¦ Do pfd I J ! 7
S.TWErt* J 31%) 30% 31% 31%
¦•• .-: •¦<! l>c i(=t pfd ...I «»%i «7% 68 t»%
5.SC^ ! Va 2d pfd 1 47 i 45% 46T, 47
lOCiE A T H 59 i 59 | ft9 S9i^
1 I>5 pfd
Kt JV 4 D C .. 47 4V 47 47%
Gen Chemical 45 55
! Do pfd 'J* 96%
rOOlC*a Electric ..!174«»'172 174% 171%
-Great No pfd | 170 1S5
Greens Con Cop 1 14 T s 15%
LHavana Tob Co 28 30
1 Do rfd 1 33 42
K>0; Hock Valley ...i 82 82 82 83
£00, Do pfd } 80% CH S8% S3
2,100 Illinois Central .1139 138% 138% 139
.V*> ( lnter Paper ... 14% 14% 14% 14%
&00; Do pfd 74% 74 73% 74%
J Inter Power 35 ?,$
Inter Pump ' 29% 31
! Do Pfd ; 76% 77%
2<V) Iowa Central .. 22"J 22% 22% 23
600, Do pfd 45 44^ 44% 45
Kr. Kanawha iJIlch 35 | 25 34% 36
200.KC Ft S &M pfd 79%! 78 74% 80
;Kan» C So 24% 24%
400] Do pfd I 46%' 4514 46% 46%
2,500 Keokuk & DeeM! 18% 17% 17% 18%
'Laclede Gas pfd.!..; SO 100
200, Lake E & Westj 31 31 31% 32
Do pfd I 90 1O0
.'.iLonir IfcJand ....I f 56 57
l,700Louis & Nash.. .J123%|122% 122*; 123
POO Manhattan 157% 157 157 157%
iManhattn Beach V 10 13
Metropolitan Sees 89% 86% 86% 86%
3n.f!00 Metrplltn St Ry. 122*4 120% 121 121%
IWZW, Mexican Central. 14% 14 14% 14%
SOO.Minn & Bt L.. . . 55% 55 55 56
I Do let pfd 93% &5
500UC, ftP48SM 73% 73 73% 73%
tool Do pfd •. 128% 130
2.40r.:Mo. Kan & Ttx. 'ZiZ 23%
4.700! Do pfd........ 48UI 4S 48% 48%
19,800 Missouri Pacific. 99 I 88% 9S% 93
jNash. C & St L. 121 122%
National Lea4... 23% 23 23 23%
2.100'Ntl RR Mex pfd 39% 37% 83% 33^
lOO.Naiional Biacuit.1 47% 47H 47H 474.
100 Do pfd 109% 109% 1O» 112
l.WONew Jersey Cen. 175 173 174% 175
100 N T Air Brake. 139% 129 %j 138' 139%
8,400;s: T Central... 125%ll24%!125% 125%
..IN T. C & St L ..I 29 33%
Do 1st pfd 83 90
100' Do 2d pfd 40 £9% :;n=; 40
.......{N T. N H A H 19O«i 192%
S.lOOjN T. Ont A XT.. 32% 33 33% aa2
S^WNorfolk &. West. 69% 68% 68 63^
Do pfd ©0 81
600 North American. 83 83 93% 93%
INrthrn 6ecurttle« 104% 105%
• •••;- Omaha 140 148
100 Do pfd... 1S5 190
:O S L 4s 96% 67
1.600 Pacific Coast.... 65% 63 64 65
I Do lit pfd 85 105
.! Do 2d pfd 74 75
.%.«<*> Pacific Mall I 33% 31 32% 3S
?5O.80O Penn R U Co...!12S' 127% 127% 12S
fJ.OOO People 1 ? Ga* 104 103% 103% 103"i
iPcr? Marqume. 75' &o
700 p, c, c & et l. 70 ea 70 70%
1 Do pfd 68 lOIij
tVjO-.Prfxwl Stl Car. S4 ;a% 33% 34
1001 Do pfd 78 78% 7i»% 79Ji
IPuJ.'man Pal Car 1216 220
SOORy Etetl SpHngel 22 ! 21% I 21% 22 s
,-.iJ!?l f ,' Do - pM/ I 78 TO ~% 78%
135.. 00. Heading ........ 70 67% G9% «»%
2.!W Uo let pfd....! 87% 87% 85% 85%
PW; Do 2d pfd I 77% 77 77't 77?J
\'?%& n 7^ Ul -A S & x -i Z- 2 * 7%l 7 % 7 ~<»
l.Z<*>< - Do pfd. I 4:«-, ( ; 4-.'»ii 42 '4 i.i'.i
JOO.Rur/ixr Goods...! 19 19 1%»«| 18
I Ha pf<1 1 SI siy
706,Slo»is S S & I.. 40 33% 33% 40
' Do pfd .' . SS% 83
Et J & O I ;.\ 16% 17
Do Ut pfd 47 49
j Do 2d pfd ..... ..... ..... 24 "5
... !S U & R F let pf 1 72U 74
2".iflo;ri>o 2d pfd — i co% «o 6o«i eovi
2.O0d Et L &.S W.... 22i| 21% 21% 2l5
C300 Do pfd |«" 44%! 44^ 44%
2l.rcO'Southfrn Pacific; as«i| r.7U. Ih'-i 5&H
<r.,«K*VSoutr:rrn Ry ...! 31%| 31% 31 U I yifc?
1.300! Do p:d I S3 1 95U «5% 06
i^tanaard Oil ...I .;... 628 !C32
iStd Roye & T*. *4I I»i
4.<Wi'T*r.lj C & I...;. 47% 46% 47i! 471?
7*OT P L & T Co. 23 31% 324 S3i|
4,fcrk;.T<>xss Pacific 82% 32% 31%i 3i^i
RlOOTTiiid Avenue... ''124% 124% 12r{%!i24«?
...|To Ry & Tr Co.! J9 »2%
r,r*)T» St L & W I 29% 28% 28 SO
I»0n' Do Dfd 48 47% 47% 48 •
JOO'Twln c.ty R T. .1 «7»4l 97% &7K 9S
30f»i;nlon B»g * Pa 7 ' 6% 7 7«i
100! Do »:a ! fl2U| «2% C2 «3H
34,C0(j'UJ2ion. Pacific ...|100%1 03%!100%I100%
-I,,** ?M S2% JW
U" P tTonv 4s... 105 105%
.. J .Ui5td Rs of S F 6 «•
A Do pfa 86% K 56 67
» 1 Do 4s .... J ,... 84 84%
...... t?TT J? Cast Iron P. •. 10% 11'
8001 • UoeXd •.-..•..... B6% 69 M . 66%
iC 6 Express J.....J Ill8 JI21-. \
BESULT OF LONG CHASE
Ottawa .............. 1,912,097. 9.8 ....
Halifax' t.. 1.716,456 15.4 ....
Quebec 1,704.659 j 1.5 ....
Vancouver, B. C. ... 1.847.192 9.3 ....
Hamilton ,.. 1,024.666 fl.l ....
London, Ont. 867,267 22.9" ¦'.......
St. John. N. B. ..'... 1,101,172 .. 20.9 . ....
Victoria, B.C..;... 508.898 1.7 ....
Totals, Canada. ...144,258,442 8.1' ....
•Not Included In 'totals - because containing
otlrer items than clearings. '
EASTEBX MABKETS.
Montana Officers Arrest a
Man Believed to Be Mur
derer of Salt Lake Druggist
Adams Con 20| Little- Chief 05
Alice 60| Ontario 3 60
Breeca 15 Ophir 2 10
Bruns Con 20| Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel -10,'Potosl ......'...... 15
Con Cal & V... 1 Of) Savage 18
Horn Silver 1 65 Sierra Nevada.... 23
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hope* 25
LeadviUe Con ... 02 Standard- 1 85
2.W0U S Leather .... | 8% 8 8 SK
300 Do pfd ...... 86 85% S5% 86
USIUty&Cons .:... 27 28:
• Do ofd 63 63%
400 U S Rubber ..*. 18»4 19 19 19*i
400 Do pfd 74*5 74 74 75
12.200IU 6 SUel Cor... 14% 13% «tt 14%
78,800 Do pW ..<... 64% 63 64% 64%
5.600 Va-Car Chem Co 34>> 33^ 34U 34Vi
1,0001 Do pfd 107 H 107 107 107%
1.600|Wabash 21% 21% 21% 21%
Do pfd 41H 40T4 41% 41H
Do deb Bs 64>,i 64%
Wells Farzo Ex 230 250
200 Western Union . 01% 91U &1H 91%
600 W«stinghouse ..164 163 163% l« 4 -i
Do 1st pfd l»0 200,
2.200 W & L. E l«Vi 18% w \V>*
300 Do 1st pfd ... 46 45 45 46
200 Do 2d pfd . 26% 26% 26 27
1.400 Wli Central .... 10% 18% WJ? 1»J4
1.8001 Do pfd , 94% 93% »4% 84*4
037,000 shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U 8 ref.2» re*.. 101% L & N unified 4s.lOO%
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s.lOG
Do 8s reg 105 Mex Central 4s... 66
Do coupon 105% Do 1st inc..... 16%
Do new 4s rej.181% Minn & Bt L 4s. O5',i
Do coupon 131% M. K & Texas 4s. 100%
Do old 4j> reg. 106 Do 2ds •• 80%
Do coupon 107 NR of Mex c6n *s .7 V*
Atch pen 4s 10S'.4 NYC gen 8%s..l00
Do adj 4s 95% N J C gen 6s....l3J%
Atlantic C L 4s. 08% Nor Pacific 4s 105%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 103% Do 3s V,Ai?
Do 3%« 85% Nor & W con 4s.l01%
Central' of Ga 5s.llO% OSL 4s & partic. 9i ¦
Do 1st inc S3 Pa conv 3%« 09%
Ches & Ohio 4s.lO5% Reading r«n 4s... 100%
Chi &. Alton 3%s. 80 SLtlMcon 5s - 1 li 1 ,
C. B & Q new 4s. »6% S L & S F f g 4s. 85%
CM & SP gn 4s.lO6% St Louis SW lsts. 98%
C & NW con 7s. 13ft Seaboard A L 4s. 83
C. R I & Pae 4s. 77% So Pacific 4s 04%
Do col 5s 87%! So Railway Ss lli%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01%!Tex & Pac lsts.. 119%
Chi Term 4s 74%|Tol. St L & W 4s. 79
Cons Tobacco 4s. 76%1 Union Pacific 4*.lCjr s
Colo & So 4s.... S3% Do cqnv 4s .....105
C F & I con 6s. 75% U S Steel 2d 8s.. MU
Den & Rio G 4s.l01% Wabash lets .....118%
Erie prior lien 4s. 99 Do deb .B 65
Do gen 4s S3 W t L Erie 4s... SOU
P W & D C lats.107% Wis Central 4e... 83%
Hock Val 4%s...lO6
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Biitter Cheese and Eggs" stand exactly. tn«
same as Quoted last week and prices are- not
expected to go any higher for some little while,
as there are plenty of Eastern and cold-stor
age goods available. -.¦¦¦'¦¦¦ • •¦-
All kinds o£ Melons • and Citrus fruits are
dearer but early Summer fruits stand about
the same as quoted In the last report. Vege
tables show but slight variation. ¦ . ,
Meats and Fish ¦ are etlll selling at the fa
miliar quotations. A; few. slight changes will
be noticed In Poultry.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .$— @ 10 O0| New . 'l'.J~*
Seattle I— <8> 8 «>| Wellington $—©10 00
Roelyn .....|—@ 9 00*i Wellington '
Richmond ..$— @ 9 SOt Nut .t— @ 8 00
Coos Bay ...$— @ 7 50|
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC.—
Butter. cholce,sq.50®35| Eggs, per dozen
Do good 1C@45| Ranch •••••..•.—©£>
Do packed, lb.— ©Mj' Common *2s««
Cheese Cal ....10^15| Eastern.. 25@aO
Cheese Eastern.l'0(&25l Honey, comb. lt>.15<3-0
Cheese/Swiss . .25@35| Do extracted .. 8©10
POULTRY AND OAM5-
Hens, large, ea.<55@90| Ducks, each . ...65c©$l
Do small OC©eO Oeese. each...— @$l 00
Young Roosters, ' Goslings $1 75@2
. each. 75c@$l Pigeons, pair .. — ©50
Old Roosters. ea.5C@(55| Squabs, per pair.BO(&60
Fryers - each ...50W-60. Wild Doves, doz. — ©*1
Broilers, . each. . .35ff5O Rabbits, each • .20@2»
Turkeys. p«r lb.2ti©2S Hare, each ..}.. — ©25
MEATS, PER POUND—
ltoast Beef, • I Mutton Chops ...— «?15
choice cuts . . 15®20| Pork Chops — @lo
Do plain ....H)®V- i A Veal Cutlets . ...15-&18
Roast Veal . .12V4*n5 Corned Beef ~Z@A
Roast Pork . ..12%@15 Bfeef Stew ...... 8<|10
Foreqtr Lamb.— @12m Mutton Stew ... 0@ 8
Hindqtr Lamb.. .— ® 151 Veal .Btew 10 @}JZ%
Koreqtr Mutton.. S@10| Soup Meat ...... GglO
Leg Mutton — @10|Soup Bones 4@—
Tndrloin Steak. 12M.-W15I Hams J5S..2
Portrhse Steak. .18<S20! Bacon ....;..... .15g*0
Sirloin Steak.. 12 '«H3 Pork Sausage. -1-%©1 5
Round Sieak..l0tm'4iChipped Beef ...20tv—
Lamb Chops . :.i5@>20| Lard .. 12&@ —
FRUITS AND NUTS— '
Alliglr Pears.ea.20@25| Lemons, doz 2 jj@*X
Almonfls 15®2O| Nutmeg Melons,ea.5&10
Apples rigj? 8{ .Nectarines, lb.'. . 81/10
Blackberries per I Oranges, doz 3G@60
drawer ..'. 20®20| Peaches, lb 8
Crab Apples, lb.— @— I Plums, lb ?^?i
Cranberries qt. ..—«->?>! Pears, lb ....... 4@ 6,
1 Cantaloupes, ea.!5@2r>! Pineapples. each.2ft« : >i> I
• Ptcaiis — ©20|Pomcgrantes,' dz.50@<5 :
Brazil Nuts 20ji— iQutnoea ....—© 5
Banana* doz . ..25(5^5 Ualsins, lb l«@la
CocOanuts. each.— «H0 Raspberries, per - i
FIff? dried, lb..0®10 drawer ...... .40®65 :
Do, fresh lb.. 5@lO! Strawberries.
Grape Fruit, dz.60c«$l > per drawer 2C®S0
Grapes lb :.... *&' 81 Walnuts, per lb.15020
Hcklebrries, lb— ffilSttl Watermelons. ca.40@eo
Limes, doz 20@25| . ;
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus- lb.— @12>^! Lettuce, per doz.l6i§30
I Artichoke* doz j.'iO.ftbOt Leeks, dz bunch. 154^20
Beets dozen . ...11W2 — Mushrooms, lb. .50c<S:$l
Beans, white, lb. 5<g— Onidfcs, per lb — @ 2
Colored, per lb. l&— Okra. dried. lb..20i3—
Dried Lima. lb. 5® 61 Do green, lb... 3@ S
Green Lima .... 3@ 51 Potatoes, per lb.Hitfs2
Cabbage, each . .. JMjilO! Parsnips, per dz.l.WJO
Celery, head ,.. 6filO| Radishes, dz bch.l5<S20
Cr«ss, dz bunch. 15«S>— I Sage. dz bnches.23@ — !
Cucumbers doz.lO©15| String Beans, lb. 3® 5:
Garlic ...'. • 6© SI Summer Squash.
Green Peppers.lb 5©10| per lb . — ©-2V4
Pried Peppers ..11KS20 Spinach, per lb.— @ 5
Egg Plant, lb..- 3® 51 Sweet PotatoeB,lb2W<S3
Gr«en Peas lb.. 5@ 6| Thyme, dz bnchs.25©30
Green Corn'. I Turnips, per doz. — 013
Choice, doz ...25@35[ Tomatoes, lb .... S@ 5
- Do common . . 15@20| . . . ¦ : . .
FISH— . A
Barracouta — @15 Rockcod — @13
Carp 10®12M, Sea Bass — «ai5
Catfish —@12ti Smelts — @15
Codfish —©12^ Soles 10fil5
Flounders 10fS) — Skates, each . ...10<ffl5
Halibut. 15@ — Squid — ®IO
Herring: . •'. • S610 Tomcod . . ., 10S9 —
Mackerel —9 — Turbot 20© —
Do horse lBffl— Trout ......— @73
Rockflsh —(312% WhHeflsh 10®—
Salmon fresh . .lfi<ft20j Clams, gallon ..60© —
Do. smoked. ...t5ift25l;> Do hardshell, lb SffllO
Sardines 10@— ICrawflsh.* per lbl2i$(5.1S
Shrimps — <®-^| Crabs, each . ..12 1 .^(B2. < S
Shad 10®— Mussels, lb 12H©ir.
Striped Ba.*s .. .IKisJ 20! Oysters. . Cal. 100.40O50
Perch' 10@— ! Do Eastern. dz.20@40
Pcmplno — @50!
MUST ANSWER
FOR A CRIME
Family Retail Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,; SEPTEMBER 10. 190*.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
><S~iyVi TralBi leave aad are dw»
' Ttr> >\4&. *° arrive) at
(J^^^MSAN FBANCISCO.
y^A- ~f£X~7tll t »om Jn.T 13. 1904.
\*t*^^£y Tx**r Ditot ¦ .'. .
V>C \j/ (Toot of Market Street >
i»at» - MAIN LINE. -A»aiT<
700a VteaTllle. Winters. Bumier 750o
7.00a Bentcla, Elmlra and Sacramento.. 7-20?
7 -30a Vallejo. Kapv CaUstee*. SanU
Roaa. Martinez. San Ramon 8 20=»
740a NUes. Tracy. Latnrop, S:ocit:on .... 720p
8.00a Snatta Express — (VU Davit).
William* (for Bartlett Springs'),
Willows. tFrnta Ked BlaS.
Portland, Tacotna, Seattle 7-50»
800a Davis, Woodland. Knlshti Landing,
Marysvllle. Chlco, Oroville 7.5Cf>
840* Port Costa, Martinez. Antloch. '\r -
Bjron, Tracy. Stockton. If«w-
man, LotBanoi. Mendota.
Armona, Banford. Vlialla.
Portervllle 4.20*
*8.30* Pon Costa. Modesto. Merced,
Fresno. 6o«n«n Junction, Han-
ford. Vlsalla. DakersSeld 4.50!*
8-30A N lies, San Jose, Llrermore. Stock-
ton. (t.MIHon). lone. Sacramento,
Marytvllle. Chlco. Bed BluiX .... 4-20?
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 9>
nora, Taolnmne and Arncels 4-23p
9 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 5 20p
9.30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Station* 6-SQp
10 00a The OTerlnnd Limited — Ogden.
Omaha. Chicago, Denver, Kansas ¦"
Cliy, St. Louis ; 6 .20s»
10.00a Vallejo 12.23(>
10. 00a Lot Anireles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathron. Stockton. Merced.' 'X.?
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakertfleld. Los Ansel's 7.20s»
12.00m Hayward. Ktles and Way Stations. 3.20p
tl .OOP Sacramento River Steamers tl 1 OOP
3 -30 P Ben let*. Winter*. Sacramento.
• Woodland, Willows, Kntghti
Landing, MarysvPle. Oroville '
and way stations 10.50a
3-30p Hayward. Kites and Way Stations.. 7 SOP
• 4 00p MartInez.Sannumon.VHneJo.Napa.
Callttoga, Santa Rosa 9 20a
4.00p Nllcs. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
430P Hayward. Nile*. Irrlngton, San) t9.50*
Jose. Llvermore 1 J11.60A
EOCpTae Owl •mtted— Newman. Los
lUno*. M> miota. Fresno. Tulare.
- Bakcrsfield. Los Angeles 8-Su*
t5 30p Hnrward, Niles and ban -lo»e ..... 7- 20a
6.00p Harward. KIle» and San Jose 9 50a
BOOp E»«tt>ru Express— Ojrden. Omaha,
Chtcaro. Denver. Kansas City,
St. Louis, via Martinez. Stockton.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno 1250P
S.OOp Valiejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Cft _
700PVtIleJu. Sunday only f 75 H*
7.0Cf UlchuKind. Han Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinet and Way Button* 11-20)
7-COPKeno Passenger— Port Costa. Sol-
sun. Elmlra. Davis. Sacramento,
Truckee, Lake Taho«. Heno,
Tonopab. Sparks 7-50a
8.05p Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Station* beyond Port Costa 12-2CP
805p Tosemite Valley, via Berenda and
Wawona 8.50a
S4)5p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
8 05p Oregon ft California Express— Sae-
• ramento, MarysvlUe. Redding,
Portland. I'uget Sound and East. 8.50a
B.IOp liavward, Nile* and San Joee (aun-
dayonly> 11.50a
COAST LINE Marrow «ana*).
<Koot of Murkwt Street.) • •
7.48a Santa CrnzExcur«lon(Sunday only) 8-IOp
8.16a Newark. Oentervllle. Bah Jo««. ¦ ,• ¦ ¦
Felton, BoulderCrsrk. Btir Basin.
Sunta Crux and Wny Stations... 5 5S»
t9-15A Alvarado. Newark. Snn Jose. Lot
6atos,Glenvtiod, Felton, Boulder
Creek. BIjc Ba»ln. Santa Cror. 8-10?
t2-15P Mewtrk. Cenurvtlle. San Jote,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton.
Boulder Cr*ek, Sanu Crnz and
Principal Way Stations 10.53*
4.1Ep Newark. San Jose. Los Gatoa tS-SSA
4.15p Wright, Boalder Creelc and Santa
Crnz. Saturday and Sunday only. »8 55a
COAST LINE (Uroail Waniri.).
r«T** (Third ami To^nieu'i Street*.)
8.10A San Jose and Way Station* 8.-30P
t7-00A San Jose and Way Stations " 5 40p
' 7.15a Monterer and Sint.i Crnz Excur-
slon (Sunday only) >10-3Qf»
8410A New Almaden (Tnes.. Frld.. only). 4-IOp
8 00a The Coaater— San Jose, Sallnsa. ,
Stn Ardo, Paso Bootes, Santa
* - . * "¦¦ ¦'" Margarita. San Lai* OattpA.Santa "
Barbara, San Buenaventura,
Montal vo. Oxnard, Burbank. Lot
• _ Angeles. 10 45»
800a Gllroy. Holllster. Castrovllie. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove. Surf, Lom-
poc 1045P
1 9.00a San Jose. Tres Ptnoa.Watsonrtlie.
Capltola. Santa Crnz, Paetfle - '
Grove. Saltnaa. San Lnl* ObUpo
and Principal Way Stattoa*. ... 4.10a
10.B0A San Jote and Way Stations 1.20f»
1130a Saata Clar*. San Joae, Lo» Gato* _ .
and Way Stations.... 7.30a
1-30? San Jose and Way Stations ... 8 33a
tS-OOp Del Monte Kzpreia (except Sun-
day)— Santa Clara, . San . Jose. . ,'
¦ - Wattonvllle. Santa Craz. Del
Monte, Monterey. Pacific Grove. ft2-19»>
8-30PBurltngs.me, San Jose. Gtlroy. IIol-
U«ter, Tre»Plno«i,PaJ»ro,W»t«on-
vllle. dpi tola. S»Qta Cruz. Cut-
trovllle. Saltnaa. Paulflc Grove... 10 45*
4.30p flan Jose anrt Way Station* t8-00A
t5 OOP Santa Clara. *an Jose, Los G»to»,
Wright and principal Way Sta-
tion* (except Shaday)....: t9 OOa
16-SOp San Jo*e and Principal Way Button* 534a>
6 45p &nn*ct Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jose,Gtlroy.SaIlnas,Paso Kobles.
San Luis ObUpo, StnU Bnrh&ra,
Lot Angele*. Demlng. El Paso,
Kew Orleana. New Tork 7-10*
I.48P Pajaro, Wattonvine. Cspltnu, 1 „ , n __
.: Santo Crnz. Caatrovtlla. Del v* IZJtZ
Monte, Pacifle «rove ytiH^SP
13-1 5f» fraaUateo,Bere*ford.Belmont,San
Carlos, Kedwood. Fair Oalu.
MenloPark. Palo Alto..: t6-48A.
ISOp San Jote and War Station* 6-36a
800p Palo Alto and Way Sutton* 1015a
11.30p South San Francisco. MIllbrae.Bnr-
lingame. San Mateow Belmont,
8«n Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
.. Memo Park, and Palo Alto 945p
«11 30 p May Held, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
¦ an Jose ....- a 45»
~" A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday exeepted - t Sunday onlr
•.Saturday only. -. b Monday only,
ibiopa at all *taUon* on Sunday. _^
Mf. Tamalpais Railway
Lr*T« T» idinlit* f*rn • ArriTe ~ r
Ban Praadaco M *f Marlrt St. Ban Frandieo
' Week i 8mn- •¦ j^JSITL— ' Sau- ¦ Week
Day, day*. jf&Wtm,. _ da JiL J>*1\.
8^357 K£*%E!BV& 12:45 p* 8:48 a,
• ::::: i5:ooa ?o»f*ii : o5*.
1:45 r 12:20 r 6:*?'' ,«;«»'
l:llr l:45r \ta$s 6:13r 10:041*
4-33 r 8:50 r.
¦VlaVraittt Car. V Tamliab to Mm Mty.
MARi^ETi^r" sT^&S^
THE WEEKLY GALL
*$1 ; per Year.
B LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
i LEAVES "MONDAYS and THURSDAYS
K3 at J>:.*H» a. m., throu^n in 8 d »y"'B
m with diner and all
Other Santa Pe Trains:
7:30 a. m. V for Stockton, Fresn#. Bakersfleld.
8-00 p' m'J Merced; Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p! m! for Stockton.
8:CO p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPPICES— 641 Market St. Mid
Perry Depot, S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 87 Sonth Plrst St..
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAIL WAT COMPAHT,
Tibnron Perry, Poot ol Market Street.
• SAH PBAWCISCO TO SAW RAPAEi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. ll:0O a nv.
: 12V35. 2:30. 3:40. .5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
Saturdays— Extra trip at l:3Op. «>•
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00. »:30. U:0O a. m.. 1:30,
i 2:3CL_3:4«, 5;iO, '6:30, 11:30 p. m.
i SAW BAPASI. TO SAW PKAHCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:03. «:50, 7:35. 7:5(X 9:20.
1 11:15 a. m., 12:50, t2:00. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20,
I 6:25 p. m. •
• Saturday*— Extra trjp at 1:45 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— «:50. 7:35. 0:20. 11:15 a. m.. 1:45.
3:40. 4:C0. 5:00, 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m..
tExcept Saturdays. .
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
Kan Fran. I May 1. 1904. I San Fran. _
! Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Ua»s> I daya.l tlun. [ day3. | Days.
~ TwTl " I 7:45 a! 7:45 a
7:."0a 8:00 a . - - ' 8:40 a 8:40 a
S:00a 9:30 a Ignaclo. 10:i'0a 10:20 a
¦'•.M>p 2:30 p 6:C0p 6:20 p
5:10 P 5:10 p ! !tS3^;
' 1 8:45 p 1 ,
i 7 -30 a 7:30 al 7:45 al 7:45 a
i SCO a 8:00 a . Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p 9:3rtal ' Petaluma ' 6:2Op «:2Op
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:-5p
5:10 p| Santa Rosa. 8:45 p | t
7:30 a 7:30 al ' 10 :20 a 10 :20 a
fi:COa S:COa| Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
,. 2:30 p .2:30 Pi 8:45 p 7:25 p
I Windsor. I I
7:30 a 7:30 a[ Healdshurg. 10:20 a|10:20 a
I Lytton. I
; 2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:25 p
I Cloverdale. '. | - '
7*30 a! 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
! 2:30p|2:S0p| and Uklah. | 7 :25 p| 7 :25 t>
"~ j j • WUUts. ~1 j /
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Sherwood. \ | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
~8:00a| »:<X> al Ouernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Camp Vacation, j 8:45 p| «:20p
', 8:00 af 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
8:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p «:20p
5:10 p Glen Ellen. , 8:45 p :
7:30 a! 7:30a| L10:20 a]10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sevastopol. [7"5pl «:2Op
STAGES coiwiect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs; at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyeervllle for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs Soda Kay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights, HuUville. Orr's Hot
Springs, Halfway House, Cbmptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendodno City, Fort Bragg. ,
Westport. Usal: at WllHt* for -Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Lay ton -
vllle. Cummins, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer.' Garbervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round- trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. • •
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. P.YAN.
Gen. Manager. . Gen Pass. Agt.
H To SAN RAFAEL
ross valley;
hill valley,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sansalito Perry
'SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week days, at
6:30. 7:10, 7:45. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.
(11:40 a..m. Sausalito only), 12:20, 1:45, 3:15.
4:00. .4:38. 6:15. 5:50, «:25. 7:15. 9:«0. 10:20.
11:35 p/m. Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 0:15. 10:00. 11:00, 11:40
a. m.. 12:20. 1:00. 1:45. 2:30. 3:15, 4:00. 4:55.
5:15. 5:50, B:25. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. 10:20. 11:35
p. m. "•" ".'¦'.
Arrive at San Francisco, week days. 8:17.
7:00. 7:35, 8:15, 8:45. 9:35. 10:2O. 11:05 a. m ,
12:05, 1:25, 2:50, 3:35, ,4:20. 5:05. 5:40, 6:15.
6:55, 7:55, 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive, at 12:45. 2:05.
S:f^ p. ra.- - ' - ¦ .
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:45 a. m.
3:15 p. m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
7:45. 8:15. 10:00, v ll:W> a. m.. 12:20, 1:00. 1:45
p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:15 a. m.' dally— Casadero and way stations.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only — For Point Reyes,
etc. ¦¦:"',' ' - ' .
,•3:15 p. m. daily except Sunday — For Caza-
dero. etc. . . .'¦„..• .• -. ..."..
8:15 p. m.. Sundays only— For Cacadero, etc
TICKET OFFICE— 636 Market st. ,
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market »t.
j»4&Bfe£t f m MEN AMD WOMEN.
<«&32P'oCBES*>|ya UteBlsOfornnnatorai
jSKTSTl* 1 to i <i*T*-lSi dUch»rites.inBamm»tion«.
£sOff OuiutHi i3 Irritation* or olceratioai
¦ST noi.t« •irlewre. ¦ of muoeai nembraaaa,
Trmtu Cutaftss. Pal n ;»ti,"»nd not aitrin-
BTHrHEETMSCHEMiaiCO. gent or poiioaon*.
WbL OIHBmHATI.0.^3 *° 14 h * **********
«BgB^. O.H.A. j£ar or Hot la plain wrapT*r,
measm^S ¦ by «x9rest, iro*<d. for
•'¦•«•«». or » bottlw «.7».
, ••^gggjjg^v^ h circular itat «a tnMit, '
OCEAX TRAVEL.
• _>*5Tc""? >> v feteamers leave Broadway
whar\ - es (piers. 9 and 11).
/<t%L. San Francisco: •
n/n^^ A**\ For Ketchikan, Wrangel,
I / USv*Sa 1 1 JUTS". HrtinPS, Pkai;way.
V \ VfQM&i / Ptc -. Alaska— II a. m.. S^pt.
VA. \\ * VttJ 12. 17, 22. 27, October. 2..
VyS*} i^Cr/ Change to this - company's
>^TS»^/ steamers at Seattle.
.^*SS^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Bel-
'tlngliam— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17. 22. 27, Octo-
/b€r 2] Change at Seattle to this company's*
•tcamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Se-
attle or Tacoma to N. V. Ry.; at Vancouver
I to C. P. Ry. -
'For Kureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1 ::t0
p. m.. Sept. 13. 10. 25. October 1: Corona. 1:30
p. m., Sent. 10. 1«, 22. 2S, October 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lea Anseles and
Rcdondo). . San Dieso and Santa Barbara—
fc-anta Ro£a, Sundays, 0 a. ni.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Kast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayueos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblepo). .Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita 0 a. in., Sept. 12. 20. 2S. October 6.
Coos Bay 0 a. m., Sept. 8, 16. 24, October 2.
For Ensehada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia, .Guaymas (Mex.),. 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Risht
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
TICKET OyJFICSS — 4 Nrw Montgom-
1 ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANN. General Pasaenser Agent,
10 Market St., Sari Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter *t., will
call for and check bacgage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. .. -.:, . ,
GREAT REDUCTION IN RATES
First class, $40; second class. $30: and up-
ward3. according to ths line, steamer, and ac-
commodation.
AMERICAN I.INE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York, Saturday. 0:30 a. m. .
Germanic .Sept.. 17[8t. Paul .Oct. 1
New York .Sept. 24IPhlladelphla Oct. S
ATLANTIC TBANSPOET LINE.
New Tork — London Direct.
Mesa ha.. Sept. 17. 0 amIMlnnehaha.Oct. 1.9 am
Mlnnetka.Sepi.24. 5 am|MnneapIs.Oct.8,4:30 pm
DOMINION LIKE.- .
Montreal— Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington.... Sept. I'lVancouver. . . Oct. 1
Dominion.... ..Sept. 1'4 1 Canada Oct. 3
RED STAB LINE.
New Tork— Antwerp— London— Paris. .
Culling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New -York, . Saturdays, at 10:30 a. m.
Finland ...Sept. ITIKroonland..:.. .:Oct. 1
Vaderland...-.SeDt. 24l2ewlnnd.. .Oct. 8
WHITE STAR LINE.
«a« Tork — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
. Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedrlc Sept. 1". 10 am|reutonlcSep.2S.4:30 pm
Oceanic. Sept. 21. 3 pnJ Celtic... S«pt. 30. 9 am
Arablc.Sept.23,4:30 pm 1 Baltic. ....Oct. 5. 2 pm
Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
{-r*tic Sept. ».2
rvmrle .... ..- • • : . .Oct. 13. Nov. 17
NEW SERVICE PROM BOSTON.
past Twin-Screw Steamers ,
Of 11.400 to 15,000 Tons. ;
UEW YOEK AND BOSTON DIRECT
- . To the Mediterranean, '
Via Azores. Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
" FROM NEW TORK.
nF5PCBLIC.'..Oct. 20. l>c. 1, Jan. 14. Feb. 25
CRETIC..-...NOV. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March IS
CRt - 1 .7 FROM BOSTON.
ROMANIC... Sept. 17. Oct. 2fl. Dec. 10. Jan. 2S
CANOPIC. . ....Oct. 8,'Nov. 10, Jan. 7. Feb. IS
CD TAYTiOR. Paesenrer ARent Pacific Coast,
" " - -.21 Post st.. San Francisco. . . . ,
SS. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Sept. 14. 11 a. '¦ m.
P S.ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 17, 11 a.m.' i
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu," Samoa,-' Auck- i
'land ana Sydney, Thursday, Sept. 20, 2 p.m.
J.D.SPBECKLS k BROS. CO., AgtS.,TiCiEt Omc3 643 IE?
m, Freight OSes 329 Market SL, Pier 7, Paclflcii'
COMPAQ^IE GENER.1LE TRAKSiTr-ANT.Qr/E,
DIRKCT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS '-^1»
Sailing every Tliursday Instead of J^iiSCf
Saturday, at 1Q a. ; m.. from Pier 42; - "T*
North River." foot of Morton at. •
• First class to Havre. $70 and upward. ' Sec-
ond class to ¦ Havre. $45 s and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32'. Broadway -'(Hudson i building).
New Ybtk. J. F.;F.VGAZI & CO.: Pacific Coast
\gents.' B Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by- all Railroad -Ticket Agents.
; To U. S.^ Navy Tard and ' Vallejo. .
Corcoran— Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay St., north end * ferry bldff.— Week , days '
0-30 A. M., 3 and-*8-iP: : M.; Sunday*. 0:30
A ¦• M ,- 8 P. M..- . Leaves Vallejo— Week days,
6 :50 A. M.; ; 12 :20 and 6 :30 P. rM.;, Sundays, 5
p' M Fare.-25c' each : way.' :'.E3ccur»lon rates
Sundays - to Vallejo, iGletl Cove and Martinez,
5(fc round trip- PIPER. I ADEN, # GOODALL
CO. Phone Main C41. ¦ 'Saturday ftcepted...
•To U.^S.jNavy Tard' and Vallejo. ¦-"-¦ ¦
Stmrs "¦; General Frlsble, Montlcello arid : Arrow,
9-45 a.'m.," 12:30,' 3:15. 8, 8:30 p.'ra. (ex.Sun.);
Sundayi, 8:45 a. m.; 8:30 p.m. .; Leave- Vallejo
7 9 a. rxL, 12:30," 3 :15," 6 p. m. (ex. • Sun.) ; . Sun-
days,TT- ! a.jtn...4:15'p. m. Pier 2. foot Ml«-'
*lon - street; ¦ phone- Main 1508. HATCH ; BROS.'
. . - - RAILWAY TRAVEL. ,
FnION'SOUTHERN PACIFIC
ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
Round Trip
Chicago, via fl? J *% C f\
St,, Louis, V*»«Jv
St.. Louis, via Salt tf £L *f K(%
Lake and Denver, Vvt.JV
Through cars. No change. No worry.
September 5, 6, 7, 8, 19, ao, 28, 29.
October 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, 26, 27.
Stopovers en route.
Call on or Addren
8. r. BOOTH, General Affeat 17. P. B. E.,
1 Montgromery Street.
Or Aay Southern Paciflo Atrent.An appropriate souvenir to send to Eastern
frteuds la the San Francisco number of the
California Review;, over 100 pases ot
reading. with . numerous halftones. Price,
ten cents. All, newsdealers. •
Rib Broken by Horse's Kick.
Michael Pacunllli of 1S16 Turk
street received a kick from a horse on
the right side of his breast yesterday
while at work in a brewery at 524
Fulton street. The injured man was
treated at the Emergency Hospital by
Dr. Glover, who found a rib orr the
right side had been broken. Internal
injuries accompanied this fractured
rib. Pacunilli's life is in Jeopardy.
THROWS BRICK AT BARTENDER.— Rob
ert . Ernrartt, a. machinist ; on . the steamship
Zrba. went into the Chicago saloon. 154 Third
street. • early yesterday morning with a brick
in his- hand. He threw the' brick at Louis
Edwards. (h« bartf nrter, but it missed Ed
wards and .struck a. gar" Jet. Edwards .went
after Emmett and thrashed him soundly. - Em.
nict t . wag knocked down and - his, head struck
th^ sidewalk .with »uch»force that It Is thought
his skull was' fractured.- v He was taken 'to
th«', Central J Emergency.* Hocpital for repairs.
Kdwards >wfc* arreated > by < Policeman *--J.;'J,
Cameron and booked at the City 1'rison on a
charge of battery. '. •*•'.-¦
.''. If . you . want the best in 1 photographs go 'to
t*nit'i 01 a • Market it. Columbia bldt': '.? • \.
Enjoy Chinese Play.
The Chinese play at the' Grand
Opera-house, a novelty not only to th^;
Eastern visitors, ' but to manv "Cali
fofnlans as well, attracted many last
night. The performers from ; the Far
East In Oriental costumes and the
music, to which the ear of the average
American is .- unaccustomed, - attracted
by their ..novelty and picturesqueness.
Although the majority of the audience
did not ¦ know what * was going . on on
the< stage -at* all -times." applause ?waa
frequent and presumably, given at the
proper ' Ume;'- -y ""; •;¦: ; • »_•;
Concert at the Ferry.
Despite the many otlier attractions
the promenade concert in the nave of
the Ferry, /building; last ,night\ was
greatly appreciated. Many. who merely
took the ride downtown;, to. see the
illuminations stepped into the building
and - passed a pleasant" hour ¦ listening
to the 'music and', partaking: of. \ the
hospitality freely offered.', Others re
turning-from the -celebration" ¦', across
the, bay found time before taking their
cars ' for/ home » to ; enjoy; a promenade
through the aisle ; and enjoy, the music. 5
Last night concluded > the promenade
concerts. ;•"• ; • ,
The favorlta for restoring life and color, to
the hair Is Parker's Hair Balsam. .
_ Parker's Ginger Tonic the best cough cure. *
FRIENDS , OF < HELPLESS ;' . :
i CHILDREN - MAKE REPORT
According. to the report of sec
retary* of the Society for, the ' Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children, submitted
at a meeting of the directors of that
organization ? yesterday, -284 children
received the attention of the society
during the month of* August. Of. that
number 240- were given relief, 17 be
ing placed in institutions, 2 • in fami
lies'and 3 sent to the Juvenile, Court.
The prosecutions of adults during' tfle
month numbered 12, and of these 3
were -convicted; 3 dismissed and 4 are
now awaiting the result of trials. The
secretary, reported that the work of
the society has. increased; nearly two
fold" during the last two years. Will
E. .Wright of Pacific : Grove was ap
pointed an ( agent of the society ¦ for
Pacific Grove," Monterey, and vicinity.
Ed Smith, alias Wilson, alias Mad
den, an ex-convict, was arrested yes
terday by Detectives O'Dea and Mul
cahy and booked at the City Prison oh
three charges of burglary. Most of
the property stolen by Smith has been
recovered by the officers and he has
been Identified as the man who dis
posed of. it. - .' .
- : It is, alleged that on July 30 Smith
broke Into. the residence of Mrs. Wyse,
607, Leavenworth street, and , stole a
rifte'and a shotgun. On August 23 he
broke into the basement • of ' George
Lettrell's residence. 1012 Post street,
and stole a number of » carpenter's
tools. The third charge is for break
ing, into the residence of W. D.
O^Kane, 2001 Broadway, on August
31 and stealings quantity of sllver.
ware'from . the dining-room. He was
seeri by ' Mrs.T O'Kane. who raised an
alarm, but Smith succeeded in making
his escape with ; his plunder.
A Book for Business Men.
A volume that will prove of incal
culable value to business men is? the
California State Gazetteer, for 1904-05.
It contains a complete ; list of every
person, firm and corporation engaged
in business in this State, and , gives -a
full , description of every city, town
and village, with population, indus
tries,, location and how the places ; can
be most easily reached from : San
Francisco. The book is, in brief, : a
combined gazetteer, shipping ¦"* guide
and ; postoffice directory, and every, one
of. its 900 pages contaips : information
intended for merchants and manufac
turers. It is published by, the Suits-
Shuman Company of . San Francisco
and Its price is 85. .
EX-COXVICT ARRESTED OX
CHARGES OF BURGLARY
.. Wife— Did doctor prescribe Old Gilt Edge?
Husband— No; he said get the best whiskey.
He knew that I knew and now you 'know
which Is the best. "Wholesale at 20-31 Battery
St., S. F. Wlchman,* Lutgen & Co. •
••. Herman | Schloeder,-- while fixing a
cord in aiwlndpw/at 1 4 4 Fourth'street
yesterday received ' a deep ¦ cut on the
arm by 'the: sash" falling on It. The
laceration : was dressed at the Emer
gency Hospital.', ¦ .:¦.. .•,.
Window' Sash ; Fell on Arm.
Californlans in New York.
NEW YORK, Sept. 9. — The follow
ing Californlans are in New York:
From San Franclsco-^J. O. Cross,
at the Grand Union; Mrs. K. B. Davis,
at the St. Denis; J. M. Gonzales, at
the Grand Union; M. Horan, Miss M.
Horan, at the St. Denis; G. P. Pretchel
and wife, at the Victoria; K. Watson,
at the Hotel Imperial; C H. Coyle, at
the Park Avenue; S. L. Halnes, at the
Continental; J. M. Kaufman, at 'the
Cumberland; D. Reynolds, at the
Hotel, York; J. Wayne, at the Park
Avenue Hotel. v
From Los Angeles — J. B. Adams, at
the Victoria; L. Barker. Mrs. W. A.
Barker, Miss N- Bonfllo, N. Bonfllo,
at the Westminster; Misses Churchill,
Mrs. C. H. Churchill, at the St. Denis.
Commandant of Veterans' -¦ Home at
Tountville the Victim' of Severe
Attack of Gangrene. ¦
Colonel- George W. "Walts, com
mandant of thi Veterans' Home at
Yountville, has been > lying in a pre
carious condition at the Lane Hospital
for several days as a result of an op
eration performed last .Wednesday.
Colonel Walts ' was attacked several
weeks ago with gangrene and was re
moved from Yountville to the Lane
Hospital in . this, city, where on
Wednesday it was found necessary to
amputate the lower portion of one of
his legs.
Although he rallied through the se
vere [ordeal.- his condition later took a
turn for the worse and for a time his
prospects for recovery "were regarded
as • very discouraging. Last night,
however. It, was reported at the Lane
Hospital that the' invalid was ' holding
hir own' and that -Surgeon Rixford,
under whose • direction the operation
fras performed, was more hopeful.
• Colonel Walts 1 is past commander of
George H. Thomas Post and for many
years he has. taken , an active part In
the affairs of the Grand Army of the
Republic He is - widely known
throughout California. . Formerly - he
held the position of State Labor-Com
missioner. ,
;' Get- your ,KnI»thUi Templar cards from Ed
ward Knotrles 7 Ccmoany, 24 Becond St., "• •
A3IPCTATIOX NECESSARY
TO SAVE LIFE OF WALTS
Score of Sixteen to Ten.
Wins Exciting Game of Baseball by a
OAKLAND. Sept.: 9.— The Oakland
Elks defeated their brethren from
Stockton, to-day In: a hotly contested
game of baseball by a score, of 16 to
10, thereby retaining the lodge cham
pionship of the- State. . The game was
played at Idora Park, beginning at
2:30 p. m., and in spite of the large
score several brilliant' plays were
pulled off on both sides. '
Belden of Stockton, who played in
left garden, put up a star game for
his team, making several; very difficult
running one-hand catches. Kennedy
of Oakland Lodge started a'sensation
al double play with the bases full,
which retired the opposing team. . .
The batteries were: Oakland : Lodge,
Blethen and Wymes; Stockton. Lodge,
Harrison and Landers. Pete Lefevre
held the indicator. "' •-¦.'<.¦.-.
*Tls not often the good fortune of a
bride to be wed In the same house
wherein her mother became a bride —
likewise on the anniversary of her
mother's wedding day.
But such was the tale of the Bund
schu-Slmras nuptials last night, cele
brated In the famous old home up on
Chestnut street, that has kept vigil
these many years. of the ships that slip
through the Golden Gate. There. In "the
big window of the library, beneath a
great bell of white sweet peas, the vows
were spoken, the Rev. Dr. Clampett
reading the service.
Always picturesque, the old home,
with its rambling balconies and ter
raced gardens, was 1 .beautiful in its
gala garb — with a forest of wood
wardlas, white asters and '. red carna
tions in the drawing-room, halls and
library. ' '
The bride was beautiful in an ex
quisite nuptial robe of white panne
satin and old lace, her tulle veil caught
with' a spray, of orange blossoms. On
her arm she" bore a shower of orchids.
She . was attended by Miss Alma
Bundshu as maid of honor, who was
charmingly gowned in white point
d'esprit, trimmed . with ribbon and
Valenclenes. Her bouquet was made
of pink Bridesmaid roses. The brides
maids, Miss Anita Hintz and Mrs.
A. B. C. Dohrmann, likewise were
smartly gowned. Miss Hintz wearing a
dainty frock of pale pink mulle and
Mrs. Dohrmann a heavy cream lace
robe over chiffon, both bearing pink
carnations, and a prettier bridal party
would be hard to conjure up.
•Mr. Slmms was served by Benjamin
Weed, the famous "Ben" Weed of the
University of California, who was laden
with laurels as an actor-man while at
college. As a support to ; the groom he
scored a famous success, having played
a leading part at a similar ceremony a
few years ago.QSBI ¦>
During the reception • supper was
served under the grafce -grown arbor,
which was agleam with mystic lights.
Th« young people 'will leave to-day
for their nuptial trip.
OAKLAND DEFEATS ' STOCKTON.
PERSONAL.
M. B. Eaton, a merchant of Stock
ton, is at the Lick. . . v :-.
A. R. Sprague, capitalist of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
F. G. Noyes, a wealthy resident of
Napa, Is at the St. Francis.
J. Poulson, a prominent merchant of
Portland, is at the St. Francis.
E. T. Grady, a real estate ' man of
Honolulu, is staying at the St. Fran
cis.
Rev. . Reginald Bridge and Rev.
James Grace of Sydney are at the Oc
cidental.
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck is
down from Sacramento and staying at
the Occidental.
B. Lindenberg, one of the leading
salmon packers of Astoria, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday.
R. B. Burns of Los Angeles,' chief
engineer of the Pacific system of the
Santa Fe Road, is registered at the
Palace. .
. The Misses Madge and Willey Martin
of New York are registered at the St.
Francis, the guests of Miss Janet
Mitchell . of Milwaukee, who was
chosen to christen the cruiser Mil
waukee to-day.
The Barons Kotze and Cramm ' of
Germany, who have been visiting the
St. Louis Exposition and are now mak
ing a tour of this country, arrived
from, the East last evening and are
staying at the Palace.
MISS BUNDSCHU
IS WEDDED TO
J. MAURY SIMMS
James Means' 52 50 and $3 00 Shoes
for men have no equal. Superior to
many $3 50 and $4 00 Shoes in style,
wear and shoemaklng. Why not save this
extra dollar? All styles; all leathers.
From maker to wearer. James Means'
Shoe Store. 16 Fourth street. •
The morning game was 1 to 0 in
favor of the Seals when the Commut
ers got together in the ninth and bat
ted out a victory, winning with no
hands out. Ganley led off with a sin
gle and Dunleavy followed. Ganley
dashed for third and Wheeler went
over to take the throw. He missed
the ball and the run scored. A long
fly then let Dunleavy register and the
fight was won. Graham would have
scored a shutout but for a passed ball
by Stark, which allowed Irwln to come
In during the seventh round. - The
score:
tan Francisco — 1 Oakland —
AB.R. H. P.A. ! AB.R. H. P.A.
V Brn.lb 4 0 0 7 l;Frncks.s 4 0 0 4 3
Hldbd.lf. 4 0 0 3 IGanly.rf. 4 12 10
TVldrn.cf 4 0 2 3 2iDnlvy.lf. 4 0 2 3 0
Meany.rf 4 0 14 OiKrugr.cf 4 0 0 10
Iraln.Sb. 3 110 2 Htrelb.lb. 3 1 111 0
And«n.2b 3 0 0 0 l!De\-rx.3b 3 0 12 0
Gochnr.s 3 0 13 2 Stark.c. 3 O 0 C 3
J^ahy.c. 4 O 2 4 O McKn,2b 3 O 1 O 5
TVhler.p. 4 0 0 0 ljGrahm.p. 3 0 l"0*2
Touii S3 1 7*24 10| Totals IT ~2 ~8 27 13
•No one out when trtnning run was ccored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Eaa Francisco 0 O0O0010 0 — 1
Baee hit* l 2 0 0 10 1 1 1—7
Oaklaed O 0 0 0 1.0 0 0 1—2
Baee nlu 1 0 0 12 0 11 2—8
6UMMARY.
Stolen b&ces — Ganley, Devereaux. Errors—
Gocfcnauer. Wheeler. McKune. Two-base -hits
— 6tr*ib. Graham Flr«t base on called balls
OS Graham 3. Left on ba*«s — San Francisco
7. . Oakland 6. Struck ont — By Wheeler 3, by
Graham 6. Double plays — Van Buren to Goch
uauer; TValcrcn to Leahy. Passed ball— Stark.
Time of game — On« hour and 45 minutes. Um
pire—McCarthy. -. • .
Oakland Bats Out Victory-
SEATTLE. Sept 8.— In an evenly
LOSES SPHERE Df THE SUN.
EACH ANGEL HITS THE BALL.
Brownies Never Have a Chance When
Southerners Get Goinc
v LOS ANGELES, Sept. 9.— Portland
was never in it with the Angels to-day
and the latter won by the score of '12
to 1. Portland got one In the first
inning, but after that it was one, two,
three, with- Hall pitching big league
ball at all times. Iburg was put out
of business in the third and Hastings,
who succeeded him, fared*, no better.
The locals had their eyes on the ball
to-day and hit it all over the lot.
Score:
Portland— ' 1 : Los Angeles—
AB. R. H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P.A.
Ppncr.2b 4 0 0 0 2;Brnrd,cf 4 2 2 2 0
Hly.ctlb 4 0 2 5 0jT"lood.2b 33 2 3 3
Nadu, ef 4 1 0 3 0Smlth.3b 4 2 3 3 3
Wd.lb&rf4 0 3 7 O.Crvath.rf 4" 1 2 3 1
Beck. 3b 3 0 O' 2 ' 0 Cha«e.lb 6 .2 2 0 0
Cljnes,lf 4 0 0 1 O.Tomn, es 5 2 3 0 2
Rymnd.s 3 O 0 13 Ross. If 4 0 0 1 0
Stlman,c 2 0 0 5 0 Spie«, c 5 0 1 5 1
Iberg. pi 0 0 0 1 Hall, p 4 0 Of 1 1
Thlmn,rf 10 000 '•
Hstgs, p 2 0 0 0-0 Totals.38 12 15 27 11
Totals. 32 1 6 24 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Ar.geles -....I 0 5 0 15 0 0 x— 12
Base hits 2 0 60 15 0 1 x— 15
Portland 1 00 0 00000—1
Base hits ..... .2 0 2 0 0 00 0 1—5
. i SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Flood (2>, Nadeau. ; Errors —
Toman. Nadeau. Beck, Iberg. Hall. Hits — Off
Iberg S. off Hastings . 7. Three-base hit — To
man. Two-base hits — Hurley, Smith, Toman
(2). Bernard. Flood. Sacrifice hit — Cravath.
First baee on errors — Los Angeles 1. Portland
1. ' Left on base*— Los Angeles 7. Portland 4.
Bases on balls — Off Iberg 1, off Hastings 3. off
Hall 1. Struck out — By Iberg 3. by Hastings 2.
by Hall 2. Time of game — One hour and 45
mixrutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Jealousy, engendered by^ a white
woman, was responsible for the shoot
ing of William Waldron, colored, by
a negro named Joseph Smith, better
known as "Sweety" Smith; at 205 Na
toma street at half -past 5 o'clock last
evening. The wounded man occupies
a cot at the Central Emergency Hos
pital, and the surgeons hold out but
little hope of his recovery. Smith fired
"rive shots at Waldron -while the latter
was sitting in a chair. Two of the bul
lets took effect, one entering the right
side and lodging in the lung, and the
other striking the breast bone and
glancing: off. Smith disappeared | be
fore the arrival of the police and is
now being eagerly sdught for by the
detectives.
Mrs. Mary Tull, the white woman in
the case, lives at 205 Natoma street
with her child and husband. Smith
and Waldron have occupied rooms in
the house for some time. Considerable
jealousy has existed between ' them
over Mrs. Tull and about a month ago
Smith fired 'a shot at Waldron, but
the bullet went wide of its mark. •
Last evening - Waldron borrowed a
blacking brush " of . Mrs. Tull's child.
While in Jthe kitchen shining his shoes
he spoke to - John Coldwell, another
roomer, about going Into the bootblack
business. According to ' Waldron's
statement Smith, who was In the room
occupied by Mrs. Tull, at this junc
ture rushed into the kitchen and with
out warning fired five shots. He then
turned and ran downstairs into the
street. .
Patrolmen J. J. Tillman and Bruce
were soon on the scene,. Dut were un
able to find a trace of Smith. Waldron
was removed to the hospital in the
ambulance and there attended by Dr.
C. G. Wilson. Late last night an op
eration was. performed by Chief Sur
geon Stephen, assisted by Dr. C. Ai
Glover. A dying statement was se
cured by Deputy District Attorney
Ward. Detective Harry Braig is
searching the city for Smith. Waldron
is a cook and Smith is employed in a
barber shop at 628 Post street.
Detectives searched for Smith at his
various haunts, but "were unable to
find him up to a late hour last night.
They believe he has left town, as he
had a start of three hours on the po
lice.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
iPsclflc Coast Learue.)
W. L. Pet.- W. L. Pet.
Taccma 25 1<J .Ulu Seattle 20 22 .47*
Ix* AngeJts.23 1" .573 .-orUand ....1» 24 .442
Oak'ar.d 22 23 .4bJ,San Fran 13 25 .410
The Commuters have finally taken
on the gait that wins. Twice yesterday
did they make the Seals look like so
many codfish. They outfielded 'em,
outhit 'era and outhotfooted 'em on the
bars. The morning game ended 2 to 1
and it was a clean . coat of the old
white paint in the afternoon, 2 to 0.
Both victories were legitimate ones
and the kind that count. It was due
to the grand pitching of Graham and
Schmidt that Uncle Hank took that
double ride on the toboggan. Unlucky
errors by San Francisco brc-ke up both
games. Wheeler, Gorton and Goch
nauer being the arch offenders.
Schmidt twisted the elusive ones over
the pan in the afternoon game Just as
he used to do for Brooklyn. He had
perfect command of the ball and his
curves were puzzlers to the Seals in
every Inning. Whalen was right be
hind him and possibly twirled just as
good a game, but the errors broke up
his chances and robbed • him of much
glory.
The Oakland team played the game
like the real article of champs. They
started with a run in the second spasm
when Gochnauer's bad throw to first
gave Streib a life. Devereaux pushed
one into right field and Streib took
third. Gochnauer made a perfect re
turn to the plate of Byrnes' drive, but
Gorton failed to glim the leather and
the run was safe. Immediately after,
McKune hit to Van Buren and after
putting his man out at first Van caught
Devereaux slumbering and completed
a pretty double.
The Seals had their only chance in ;
the sixth and then they failed. With
two in the well, Anderson tore off a
double to left. Gorton sprung through
with a drive to the Eame spot, but
Dunleavy's magnificent throw on a
line to the plate caught "Wooden
Shoes" five feet from his destination
and dashed the hopes of the admirers
of the home team.
Oakland managed to top It off with
one more in the final round. Ganley
hit for two, but Dunleavy forced Kim
at third on a bad bunt. Dun immedi
ately stole second and then tore for
third. Gorton tossed the ball away
over Irwin's head and Dun meandered
home. Meany let drive a nice double
to right in the Seals' half of the ninth,
but no one had the hit to bring him
home. The score:
£an Fr«ndsco — ! Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Vtr.B.lb 4 0 19 l'Frnck5.s 4 0 12 3
Hildbd.lf 4 O O 0 OGanly.rf 4 0 3 10
"Wldrn.cf 4 0 0 2 0 Dunlvy If 4 1 1 2 1
Meany.rf 4 O 1 2 © Krugr.cf 4 0 0 3 0
lr»in.3b 4 0 12 2 Strelb.lb 4 1 0 12 0
An£sri.2b 2 « 1 O 5 Dvrux.3b 3 0 111
"Jochr.r.s 3 O O 3 O'BymeB.c. S O O 4 1
Corton.c. 3 O 2 5 ljMcKn.2b 3 O 0 3 1
Whalen.p 3 O O 1 SjSchmdt.p 3 0 O 0 4
Totals. 31 0 € 24 IT ToUls.32 2 « 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Etr. Frar.cisco 00000000 0 — 0,
Bsse hits t> 1 O O 2 1 O 1 l-«-6 :
OskUnd O 1 0 O O 0 O 1 x — 2
Base bits 1 1 1 0 2 0 O 1 x — <J
EUMMAP.y. ,
Stolen bases — Dunleavy (2). Etreib. Errors —
Devereaux. Gochnauer. Gortcn (2), Irwln.
Two-baie hits — Anderson. Ganley, Meaay.
TV« base on errors — San FrascUco 1. Oak
land 2. Left on bases — San Fraaelsco 5.
Oakland 5. Struck out — By Wha>n 6. by
SrfcTnidt 3. Double play* — Van Burea to Ir
»-in, Schmidt to Fraocks to fitrelb. Passed
fcall — (Sorton. Time of gatse — One hour aa4
tfc!rtj--flve minutes. Umpire — McCarthy.
played game Tacoma secured the ad
vantage through two balls hit into the
sun in the outfield. They went as hits
and resulted In scores. Seattle tied
the score in the ninth on Parke Wil
son's timely hit, but in the tenth Casey
got a three-bagger on a ball that
Smith would have captured if he had
been able to see it Delehanty muffed
a throw to third. The game was full
of good plays, in which Tommy Shee
han was the star, although Huss Hall
did some clever fielding.
Keefe was wild, but managed to
hold Seattle down well at critical
points. Score: 1
Seattle — i Tacoma —
AB.R.H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
VanH,cf.4 1 2,2 0 Doyle.rf. 3 0.1 O 0
llohler.Zb 2 0 0 3 5 Shehn,3b 3 12 0 2
i*lhty.3b 6 0 0 0 2!Nrd.vk.lb 3 0 0 16 0
Frtsk.lf.. 2 1 0 lOEagan.s. 4 0 14 2
HlKsh.lb 2 1 1 17 uLynch.cf. 5 0 0 0 0
Smith, rf. 2 0 0 2 0lCa*ey.2b. 5 111 5
Hall.s... 5 0 13 :{ Mtl.Bii.lf 4 115 1
WiUon.c. 3 0 12 2 Hogan.c. 4 0 14 1
Shields, p '5 0 10 7iKeefe.p.. 4 110 4
Totals 30 3 0 30 131 Totals 37 4 8 30 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle .0 10001001 0—3
Bus* hlts.....O 21010001 1—6
Tacoma 10 0 OOO1 1 0 1 — 1
Base hits 2 00100220 1—8
• SUMMARY.
Errors— Delehanty 2, Van Haltren, Hall,
Shields. Eagan. Earned runs — Tacorr.a 1. Two.
ba»e hits— BlankenJhip, Wilson. Hogan. Three
ba»e hit — Casey. Sacrifice hits— Van Haltren.
Mohler 2. Smith 2. Doyle. Nordyke. Hcgan.
Stolen bases — Frisk. Blankenehlp, Sbeehan,
Iiynch. First base on called balls — Oft Shields
6. off Keefe 4 Hit by pitcher— Mohler. Wil
eon. Blankenshlp 2. Frisk 2. Smith. Struck/
out— By Shields -, by Keefe 4. Double plays —
Blankenthlp unassisted; McLaughlin to Eagan.
Wild pitches — Keefe 2. Umpire — Brown. Time
of game — Two hours and 17 minutes. •
earth. $24,122;. Iron ore. $3500;. lead, * $568,657;
lime and .limestone. $6,262,478: lithla mica.
$1M2,2SD; macadam.,; $1,190,815; magnesite.
.?2«jO,95U; manganese. $78,811; marble,. $S06.
202; mica.- $6300; mineral paint. ?1C5,28S;
mineral water, •$8,000,158; natural gas, $1,015,-
C82; . onyx. _ and . travertine. $91,100: • paving
blacks. $i»I.H03;. petroleum,. $34,381,268; plat
inum. $20,021;'. pyrites.-. $252,488: quartz crys
tals. | $37,408;- quicksilver, . $20,530,727;. rubble.'
$5,193,171 :> salt. $2,642,817: sand-glass, $39,500;
sand-quartz, $2200; sandstone. $2,3C2.1U6; ser
pentine, ,$26,255; :; ellver. $13,665,322;-: slate.
$307,739; soapstone. $28,656; soda. $1,173,500;
sulphur, $50; tin. $59,964; tourmaline, $270,
500;-._turquoise, $61,600. . . . ' : v ¦ '
The dredgers and mining land of. the
Marigold, Company ¦ have been bought
by the New York and California Dredg
ing Company.- , The land is about shi
miles' from Orpvllle.- 1 . .
I The mines of. the Union Copper Com
! pany • at - Copperopolis will | be opened
on a larger scale. An oil 1 tank will be
built ; at Milton.- - . . . _ _
,. .The Lightner Company^ may. increase
its starnps at Angels from forty to sixty
stamps. ¦ ' ' . .-> •; '
The; Gold Dike. Mining, and Milling
Company proposes to; puUln a milling
plant' on 1 its -property in the Salmon
River district in Siskiyou County.' ' : . '¦
An. option, for J25.000 is .reported 'to
have' been taken by C. Paige' of San
Francisco on . the Fernandez hydraulic
mine in: the Cherry creek district, in
Siskiyou County., •
j According to; the - * returns % of:: the
Uhited States Department of Commerce
and Labor, the gold, output of Alaska
for, the. flscar year ending June 30, 1904,
was . $6,328,524. • This statement ' refers
only to gold produced in . Alaska and
not" to. Canadian gold that .was shipped
througluAlaska to the United States.
'. The Mining and Scientific • Press fa
vors changes in the mining. law' In. its
application to Alaska and says. in part:
There.. are many things In the' mining "law
which undoubtedly .could, be changed to. ad
vantage: but .It is often, difficult, to antici
pate-the effect of any -proposed change. •-•On*
of the proposals In 'this direction, , which ' ap
peared Jn • the form of a resolution presented
at tho American Mining Congress: held last
week at Portland. Ore., was to the effect that
location bj- cower of attorney of claims in
Alaska be limited to two claims in a. dis
trict. ¦ ;. ¦¦ • . - •- = •:: •'. '
Un-loubtedly the ' privilege is abused. \ for
thousands of claims are located by agents
who have not even' a power of attorney—
which , is not • really necessary any way— and
thea« claims are* held for speculation . in ' the
names of non-residents, who never 'saw them
and who probably "never will.
Under the ¦ laws the locator is required to
do nothing during th« period between the
date of location. and the first. of the following
-January. I and- ho - may then . delay the per
formanoe of assessment work' until the. latter
part .of ..the .seconds year. -.-By -taking advan
tage of the law, locator agents may hold- a
large number, of claims for nearly two years,
which are. taken for speculative purposes onjy
The purpose of .the law Is to foster and pro
mote "the* mining' industry 'and" to secure the
development of the mineral lands of the United
States territory, while -protecting: the- claim
holder in the' possession of the claims.
Looking at it broadly, it seems to matter
little whether the lands are held by a large
number; of Individuals or by a smaller num
ber who : control large, holdings, so long as
the 'law is ' complied with; but in- many-in
stances neither the individual holder of a, large
number of claims nor tbc wealthy corporate
owner of ¦ an equal -. number • of claims actually
complies with the law— the one from Inability
the other from disinclination.' -
. Th> United States statutes fix the minimum
of requirement, • and the several States and
Territories may add additional requirements
« s wrt of the act of location — such, for
Instance, : as the- performance -of- a - certain
amount or work within stipulated time, as
ninety days In Arizona. Alaska Is not a Ter
ritory and has no. legislature, and therefore
legislation of this 'character cannot be-en
acted within th».t district: .but Congress may
make laws controlling the disposal of Alaska's
mineral - lands, ¦ and I the wholesale ¦ taking; of
claJmu .by agents- who perform • no work 'is a
matter deserving of Congressional . attention.
POINTERS FOR MIXERS.
Giffbrd I Pihchot,'; chief -of the • Bureau
of -Forestry of 'the: Department of Ag
riculture, took .trouble, .at .the American
Mining Congress, . to clear up .• some
misapprehensions concerning the intent
.of < the . reserve .' policy,, of '.the
Government as related, to the mining
industry. . An? extract - from-'/; his. ' re
marks "is , as follows:. ; . - , .' ;
1 The'- President's j Idea in creatinr the'^Publlc
Lands Commission ' is 'to sret' at the best - way
of uslns .and preserving: • the public lands "of
the ' United. /States,- and. 'particularly .of j the
western ; part of > tbe , country.'- 'The question
now Is, ¦ VHow,,can- we. tive the forested part
of the. public, lands, their best' use?" /¦'. The
lumbermen want ¦ the r forests reserved In order
that • their .Industry , may .b« • preserved. The
grazing man wants the forests thrown, open
to grazing, and also wants the; grass as well
as i the -forest* -'for ;htmself. As to the min
ing Industry, - you - cannot - run a mine without
timber \and « water, ,and both' must . be .hear
and" cheap. --"The policy of the " Government
toward ' the m Inln e man |s to get the timber
near enough for him : to operate • his. mine , at
a profit. ;,O^\.of. the .misconceptions of the
law ¦ creating . forest • reserves ' is that - it pre
vents * the .location and development of 'mining
lands.' • Tou^cin .develop mines ' in forest re
serves the' same as- you "can 1 elsewhere.'. You
can also us« the*, timber on* the reserves to
assist in developing your -mine. -
Jealousy Over White Woman
Prompts One Negro to
Attempt Xife of Another
ESCAPE OF ASSAILANT
AVounded Man Not Expected
to ' Recover and Police
Are Seeking the Shooter
The State Mineralogist has [ issued • a
report v concerning the mineral output
of California In 1903, the' first complete
and official figures at handi. With, this
report is a bulletin that makes it pos
sible to compare.the California" mineral
returns for seventeen years in detail/
from 1887 to 1903, inclusive of both
years. ' . . - ¦
Naturally- the first- interest -will, be
regarding the gold product of -the State
in 1903. This amounted to i $16,471,264.
Nevada. County kept its position as* the
leading gold producing county of Cali
fornia. . Its gold output was $2,458,047.
Amador County yielded $1,609,744 in
gold;. Butte County, its product being
largely swelled by the operations of
the gold dredging machines, $1,571,507;
Calaveras County, $1,904,125; El Do
rado., $277,304; Kern, $1,022,353; Mari
posa, - $542,355; Mono, $333,713; • Placer,
$570,571; Plumas; $424,112; Sacramento,
$335,646; San Bernardino. $381,197; San
Diego, $461,516; Shasta. $771,242; Sierra,
$310,770; Siskiyou, $613,576;. Trinity,
$607,728;' Tuolumne, $1,732,572; Yuba,
$125,830; Alpine, $2701; Del Norte, $7183;
Fresno, $21,538; Humboldt, $38,509; Inyo,
$66,045;" Lassen, $91,102;' Los Angeles,
$8674; Madera. $93,070; Monterey, $8920;
Orange,^ $150; Plumas, $424,112; River
side, $13,453; San Luis Obispo,- $1840;
Stanislaus. $52,869;' Tulare, $9215, t and
Ventura, $1087. , • ' .
vv ,;kern leads counties. *
Intf resting are the comparative fig
ures of mineral output in 1903. and; 1902.
Taking' all mineral substances together,
including those that are non-metallic,
the oils, the structural materials, etc.,
California • shows an increase ; in - total
mineral output for 1903 that amounts
to more than $2,000,000. The total: for
1903 is $37.759,040,"'as compared, with
$35,069,105 in.. the preceding year. 1 ; The
mineral countfcs areled, in the .matter
of total output, .by Kern County,
which is credited with $4,957,602.: .The
second place is held by Shasta County,
with $3,201,680 as its total product. Los
Angeles is third with $2,549,128; Nevada
County fourth with $2,466,044; Cala
veras, fifth with $2,270,668; Tuolumne
sixth with $1,791,056; Amador' seventh
with $1,639,819; 'Butte eighth with $1,
581,325; San Bernardino ninth with $1,
516,618; Orange tenth with $1,029,435.
These are the only counties above the
$1,000,000 class. / . . ;
Miners of a few years ago would have
been surprised to see the mining coun
ties of California arranged. in this or
der in matter of total production. Cop
per has given the, primacy to a north
ern county. .Oil is now giving it to. a
southern : county, coupled with a re
spectable output of precious and other
minerals. . ; t ;
In this' connection the totals for oil
production in, various counties 'are; of
interest, as returned for 1903. Of Kern's
total of $4,957,602, petroleum amounted
to $3,600,230. Los Angeles produced a
value in petroleum of $1,294,866.. Orange
County's I petroleum was worth $1,016,
285. Ventura's petroleum product was
$517,611. The . petroleum product of
seven counties. amounted in value t to
$7,313,271. 'Fresno County is credited
with' $730,673, ; Santa Clara County pro
duced some petroleum, the total value
being $3966. -; •
VARIETY OF PRODUCTS. •
Values of various mineral products, of
California in • 1903, of leading ¦ impor
tance, include"^ $2,520,997 . -for ." copper,
$1,237,419 for rubble, $1,335,954 for quick
silver, $592,268. for .lime and limestone,
$678,670 for granite, $503,659 for .asphalt,
$661,400- for borax. $968,727 for cement,
$1,999,546 for brick, $436,172 for ma
cadam, '. $555.201 1 for - mineral •' waters,
$75,237 for natural gas, $211,365 for, salt,
$585,309 for sandstone, $51,744 ' for silver.!
The prominence that structural;mater
ials are assuming. In the total'output of
the State is notfceable.
The variations of the gold production
for seventeen years- are* indicated and
they are interesting. Taking the seven
teen years that; the State Mineralogist
has selected for purposes of compari
son it ¦. will be . found that . in,- this series
of years the gold production -of I Cali
fornia was greatest - in 1896, when ' the
total value was- $17,18i;562. , The gold
production by years has been as " fol
lows: • * .¦'"•' ¦ ;' '•./ ¦ ¦ -' ¦'•'¦ -¦
18S7. $13,588,614: 1888. $12,760,000: >18S9,
$11,212,013; ISrtO. $12,300,793: 1801. * $12,728,
869; 1802. $12,571,©0O:'1803,. $12,422,811; ¦ 1804,
$13,923,281: 1805; $15,X14.317; 1896, $17,181 -'
T.62; 1S97, $15.S71,401: 1808, $15,006,478: 1809.
$15,336,031; 1900, $15,863,355; 1001, $16,080.
044; 1002, $16,910,320;. 1003, $16,471,264.
Connected with one of *the reports^ is
a table of production in total of all
mineral substances for seventeen years
in California. :'The values alone are
selected for reproduction jj here.-- The
showing, for the; seventeen years is as
follows:^ - ' ! . - .> ,:¦'¦¦-'¦¦ :
IN SEVENTEEN" YEARS.
' Antimony, $70,806: asbestos, $27,800: ae
phalt. $3,773,067; bituminous rock, $2,UO,finO;
borax, $13.r,55.O43; , , c«ment, . ¦ $2,181, 5T5;
chrome, $."?11,725; , chrysoprase, $1000: cldy
brlck. $9,416,706;. clay-pottery. $848,349; coal.
$4,583,553; copper. $25,540,300; Fuller's earth.
$5H,64«; sold. $247,371,953; Kranlte. $8,447,281;
graphite, $6100;- gypsum, $401,037; infusorial
Graham Allows .Only. One Tally; in First Game' While
t Schmidt Scores Shutout in Second Contest, Allowing Six
Hits— Errors at Critical Times , Let Jn Winning' Runs
State Mineralcgist Completes iReport- on California- Mines
and Also on Oil Fields, an d'Hind.s.Jhat^County.. Primacy:,
Vis Won by Kern Through ksVas^ Petroleum Production
COOK IS SHOT
BY BOOTBLACK
TO MORE THAN $37,000,000
COMMUTERS ROUT THE SEALS
IN TWO CLOSE ENGAGEMENTS
THE SAN -FRANCISCO;- CALL, . S-VTURDAY- .:SEPTEMBER_10, : 1904.
14
PQAys pills.
ASKTOURHEIGHBOR
. Hi Ws of - San Francisco
Citizens Can Tell You
: All ABont It.
Hone indorsement,-- the .public ; ex-
pression of San Francisco "people,
should be et-idence' beyond dispute
for - every San Francisco reader.
Surely the experience of friends arid
• neighbors, cheerfully, given by ' them,
will carry more I weight than the ut-
terances of strangers residing in' far-
away places. Read the following:
James E. Brown, contracting painter,
of 17 Capp street, says: "A -man at
my occupation requires a good,
sound back. If that part of his an-
atomy is weak, lame or :, aching,
every move of the brush brings tor-
ture. Besides, the ingredients used
in my calling act directly .on the
kidneys and aggravate those organs
if they are overexcited. The first
box of Doan's Kidney Pills brought
me such relief that I bought , several ;
more and continued the treatment
.until .the last attack, disappeared.**---
For sale , by all dealers., Price 500
Fostcr-Milbwrn'' Co,. Buffalo. -N.' Y.. ;
¦sole agents for the -United States.' > .
Remember £hc name, ¦ Doan's, "aiad'
take no substitute.
iPERFl/MES II
ill; next; s^Mys: : :CAii : Slli
1 1||."- A bottle of Pavlfiieger's |g||
ill I • ** •¦ ¦ Choice^ Extract M ¦ : .«• .; ;MM i
g 8 8S .; , V xlLiIl- vFivliiA rVLivl.T? LI\J • ¦ ; . • g-§ S s !
I! II * The bottle we vill jjlvc FRfiJE^ retails for || g I
HI I 40 cents In addition, : a^e^^i^oh : -:^iU § I § I
I J g I accompany each ('bbttie 9 v^h!c^ : ;wd^ :^tf- ,| 1 1 1
8 1 § «> : tiopi ; na^^^ I g 1 1
III § irig it to i PavLRiej£er & Co^pia iSc^bottlco! 1 1 1 1
|| 1 1 their newest periuiric; ''SWEET; M^SroY." ' 1 1 1 1
§ I § 80®m&&0&0£^1^^ g S g
v HALE'S. ;"^lT HALE'l.
Girls' Goats and Dresses
; Exceptionally good news at ah exceptionally good time.
. , For they are'as dainty girlish- styles as one could wish for, of
as good material and as well made. The six-store power is
shown in the prices. Yours is the benefit.- - • - ;V;':
As stylish as the women's coats, as perfectly -tailored: new winter «tyles.
Let's look at some of them and the prices. .-,.;.• ,
: Girls' Coats $3.95 • Blotise Suit $1.25
-A fine coat In zibeline. with a wid« It's the nobby- Russian -blouse." -'
box plait extending from the. collar. ; It's made of checked material, col-
over. the shoulders and down the front lar. cuffs, belt and side tab made or
of the sleeves; standing collar, loose' contrasting, plain colored material.
bi|ck. with belt, trimmed with buttons. Skirt Is gored, full puff sleeves. Sizes
insignia on the sleeve; In gray, green 6 to 14 years. $1.25. -" ..
and brown. Sizes 6 tol4 years. $335. At $1.95 — Child's dress of mixed ma-
At. $5.00— Coat" in a mixed mannish terial. in red. blue or brown checks,
material, wide box plait front and tucked yoke of plain cashmere, dot-
back, puff sleeves, turnover collar. ted velvet revers. puff sleeves, full
belt across the back; sizes 6 to 14 • gathered skirt, trimmed with fancy
years. 55.00. braid. Sizes 6 to 14.
Best stocking news of weeks.
50c Stockings at 35c
Nearly a thousand pairs, imported Hermsdorf dye, lisle thread,
allover lace openwork from toe to top.
The very stockings women have been asking for and we ha\*e
been waiting for anxiously. We knew they were coming. They
are here at even less than we expected. 35c instead of 50c "pr.
If you buy 3 pairs pay $1.00.
" Variety of new patterns, many of them with lace ankles and plain tops. 20
different styles to choose from, all with double soles, heels and toes, all
sizes from 8% to 10. .
Stockings. 12Uc pr.— Children's fine Infants' Stockings. 12*4c pr. — Extra
ribbed seamless hose; of fast black. fine ribbed fast black double soles,
hard twisted Maco yarn, double heels and toes; slzes 4 to 6% .
¦ knees, heels and toes; sizes 6 to 9*4. _ . „_...
•25c Stockings at 20c pr.-Fine lisle W ° men ¦ 15c Stockings at 12%c P£-
thread for children^ fist black, seam- Fine heavy cotton, seamless, fast
less, long, wide and elastic, double black, long and elastic, double soles,
j knees, heels and toes; sizes 6 to 9%. heels and toes; sizes 9, 9"a and 10.
Children's fiats More New Fall Styles in
Splendid Styles at 95c Women's Neckwear
; Lots of ••¦¦ them. ' They're those Just in time for wearing Sunday,
broad-brimmecl felts, trimmel with A U^tSkrwiTh h1te fanc V y SS mTda^n
ribbon bands and streamers, luster tabs. Ecru Venetian lace stocks,
beavers, serviceable, stylish hats. White lace turnovers, with butterfly
ti, , i-j \,. , -shaped tabs. \alenciennes lace
Many of them the very thins: for trimmed stocks with silk tabs,
school wear, others especially suit- At 50c — Hand-made stocks, with bands
*A inr Hr«t : ' Rnf rtnnr. n( *h»m and rows of fagoting. In the medal-
ed.ior dress, lint none ot tnem ; , lon tob effect> 6 outline d with small
that aren t stylish enough to wear beads. Taffeta silk stocks, with silk
anvwhere and at anv time ' buttons and embroidered rings.
' get better than you expected. See __, . _. . -
them on the second floor to-day. I OWd *3peCia.I
along with a large variety of new o .. . . *, £ * r\
'.' $4.75 hats for women. Those hand- O/^C Instead OT lUC
. made individual, styles that, are -p l mvv rrtttnn htirk towel "
equal to hats you pay . J8.00 for •*. or a heavy cotton nucK towel,
most places. size 18x36.
• • It's just the towel for every day use.
C-j. g\£- ll/l An*e> absorbent as can be and a splendid
Sale Ol XTien S wearer. A specially gocd towel' for'
M*»r»L-fi«aa n T 1C- lodging-house or hotel keepers, and a
i>eCKlieS at XOC specially good time for big and small
They're ties that would be low users^Ilke to buy them to-day. 8^0.
..^.j J , r_ r * T nn Bleached Sheet. 43c — Size. 72x90. Its
pr iS, ed 3 tOr * IO °- „ >-,;- good muslin. So good you would
Ihe patterns are all new. The usually have to pay more for it by
shapes are tecks.band bows, re- the yard than you'll pay now made
visible four-in-hands and imoe- % t £° -no^ »«««* y -
ri T^' w» , * 1L . Pillow Case. 10c— Made of sheeting
It's a big lot that comes to us from remnants, size 45x36. If made from
one of the. biggest manufacturers in f U n pieces they would be a half
the. country. Many of them are made more.
from remnants of his 50c materials. , ¦
Every man will be glad to add to his rsjr /357
neckwear supply when he sees these at fr <*l
Men's Shirtg at 37*^0— Instead of 50c. /Mff fig/ $^j*g**2&
Made of good flannelette; light, me- JS — -^
dium and- dark colors; full in the *"^^*i»w"
body and nicely finished; all sizes, »-,.—. . «. T «~, . »- V-l;'i
14^ to 17. Market Street. Near Sixth, S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' =
TEACH THIS CHILDREN '
A delldous dentifrice makes the tooth*
brush lesson ear/. SOZODONT is a fra-
grant liquid cleanser, penetrating ths llttla
crevices of the tseth it purifies them.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
polishes ths delicate enamel, but does not
scratch, thus It prevents the accumulation
of tartar, without Injuring ths enamel, a
property found only in SOZODONT.
S FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE; .
Pears'
the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,
sold all through the 19th
and is selling in the 20th,
Sens all over the world.
.ijgjc Dr. R.L Walsh
l£ w f p oni 847,
Geary to
580 GEARY ST.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days.
Painless 'Extraction 25 O
Fillings 500
Crowns $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work ...... . . . .$5.00 to $25.00
Look for this ad. each other day.
HPARKER^in
Balsam!
Promotes : tbe growth of the hair acd ; !
gives It thelustre and aflilnesa of youth. '
WUen . tts l»alr Is gray or faced tt :
BRINGS BACK THS YOUTHFUL COLOR. I ¦
It prevents Dandruff and hatr fa.ni™» ; I
and feeeps the scalp dean and healtHy '!
CARTERS! CU1 ? S1CK headache.
BSittie Gencina Musi Bear
IkYf? Fac-Simile Signamf©
m HILUS. < \y& ft