PRICE FIVE 'CENTS.
Si#J FRANCISCO, .TUESD^, ISEPTEIMBER^G;
VOLUME XCVI— NO. 98.
Conclave Xews Continued on/Pace 5.
The exhibition drill, 'scheduled for
last night in front of the .Palace Hotel,
was postponed. When the Knights ar
rlvad it was found that the street was
so blocked ¦ by , sightseers, arriving
guests and guests bound to the recep
tions, in progress that it "was impos
sible to attempt any evoJtztlons. No
police were" present to clear the way.
If possible the drill will be: held at 8
o'clock this evening.
Drill Is Postponed.
.'I NEWT. YORK, Sept. 5.— The , officials
of the unions Interested in'thetroubloy
'on* the* elevated ¦ rpa'd 'gave'out a' state
ment tor'night ; that ;_a "conference = with
'August* Belmont had V. been -'arranged
for'tq-ntorrow: afternoon.— —-—-••-¦-- -
'i : It- Is jrep'qrted^that^tiurry\ calls .to" ,the
number i'of , several- hundred f have "been
sentiout' by, the Ihterborough, company
.to.expert-motormen.ln this (.and ."neigh?
by ring"' cities « to i report' fo rework : imme
"diately * oh 'the .'N«w ;York subway. -
Union Leaders = AV1I1 Discuss .Troubles
"". {.'-' ' on ;the- Elevated -Road.
TO CONFER WITH. BELJIONT.
: So great Is: the demand for the of
ficial souvenir/badge that the supply
at the Templar headquarters is almost
exhausted. " It ¦ has been . discovered
that, some ' were ; purchased '. by ..; parties
Hvtio,iare- riot* Knights Templar, pre
sumably for, speculation.
Badges Are Scarce.
' The Grand Commandery of Knights
Templar of "Texas extends knightly
courtesies _to all visiting fraters and to
air resident fraters and their families
at their headquarters at the Grand
Hotel parlors, suit 14, from September
4 until September "9.: The Grand Com
mandery 1 will ¦ give • a special at , home
on Wednesday evening. September 7,
from 8 until 10 o'clock, at the Mon
trose Hotel, Van Ness avenue and
Geary, street. ;._. . ;
Grand • Commandery at Home.
W. S. Bell, grand commander of
PIttsburg Commandery No. 48. pre
sented a loving cup to Charles S. Gage,
the local freight agent of the Burling
ton route. The presentation took place
Sunday night at the Colonial Ho
tel in the presence of the Knights and
ladles of 'the Pittsburg Commandery.
and served as a slight token of esteem
for Gage's work ' in making smooth
the way of the commandery on its
journey to the coast. The date of
presentation also coincides with the
twenty- fifth i anniversary of the mar
riage of Mr. and Mrs: Gage. Mr. Gage
is a member of Golden Gate Com
mandery of San Francisco. Three
hundred Knights and ladles were
present at the dinner and presenta
tlrni 'TTIwHB
Receives Ixrvine Cup.
avenue ".past the . reviewing stand, at j|
Sutter street/ After passing the stand
the divisions will swing alternately intoj
the side streets and disband. • t ¦¦ [
During, the afternoon i the opening of
the triennial ¦ session . of the Grand En-*
campment of the United States jj will i
take place", at: Golden) Gate .Hall, »625
Geary street. These sessions' will ex- 1
tend over a-period of three days, morn-,
ing. and afternoon. They will fix the
course ,of the order for. the ' next - three]
years. : ' ¦
;The evening will be devoted exclu
sively, to, the social side of the con
clave. A reception will be given. to the
grand master, Henry Bates Stoddard,
.at the Palace Hotel. A nrbmenade con
cert will be given in the, nave of the
Ferry building from- 8 to 12 o'clock.
¦ : ' Yesterday, was replete withMnterest
l ing Incidents, the most important . of
which was the arrival .of the Right
Honorable the Earl of Euston, the
most eminent and supreme grand mas
'ter of the.Great Priory of England and
•Wales, and =his party representing -the
Great "Priory, of England, Wales
.and Canada and the , British' crown
dependencies. . In the evening these
distinguished visitors * were guests of
.honor, as a brilliant gathering around
the board <of, the : Bohemian Club.
- W.' H.\ Snedaker,' chairman of I the
'transportation ' committee, said: last
evening that' not-less than' 12,000 ; Sir
•Knighta, and 25,000 -visitors ' from east
of , the Rockies had arrived in ' the city.
According to; his /estimate, fully; 40,000
strangers , are ' within ¦ the' city's gates
and others are still arriving.^ promising
.to ."swelU the " numbers to 50,000 before
the conclave ends.
Deliberative Session Opens To-Day After
the Great Parade Disbands.
SCENE AT BANQUET' LAST NIGHT WHEN REUBEN H. LLOTD DELIVERED
AN ADDRESS OF WELCOME TO DISTINGUISHED GUESTS THAT GATH
ERED AT THE BOARD WITH HIM AT THE BOHEMIAN CLUB.
The concert in Union Sauare Park
last night was one of the features of
conclave week that will be long re
membered by the visitors. After th«
heat of the day the cooling air of the
evening was appreciated and the fog
which hung over certain parts of the
city fortunately drifted from the
square. In the pretty park, surround
ed by multi-colored lights and fes
toons of Chinese lanterns, every seat
was occupied and hundreds stood on
the pathways -while for three hoars
the band rendered choice music. The
concert was also greatly enjoyed by
the guests at the neighboring hotels.
Union Square Park.
Vnst Thrones Enjoy the Music at
OPEN-AIR CONCERT.
• f^At the '.'.close \'pt the ;¦ Earl's "'speech
there '¦>. was >' prolonged ' cheering. : ' The
banquet i came" t6*a'n end "shortly before
inidnlght,* v^the guests ' besides : the Earl
and' his ;pa,rty;conslsted JalmoiBt'entirely
of- eminent^ grahd.Kcpmmanders "from
each'State/in.the.Ilijion. ',".'.: ;*'., \l.i ' , .
> ih«* following' was* the'xnesu:* "'. .'
¦ Sir'R. H.r'Lloydwas "most: happy in
his speech.off welcome .and his : remarks
were ; warmly-; applauded ' by : all "the i Sir
-Knights axid: especially by Lord Eus
,ton. Lord\Euston .in- reply. ".said: that
: he ; .was overwhelmed by the; lavishness
:6f California's hospitality. •/ He; was
surprised 'atUhe..'grest>e.soufceS' of .'the
ytate. .The decorations of thelclty also
iiecelved his complimentary* notice.\ ; He
isald the Kreatest of cordial,feelingi'ex
isted in | England ]f or America: and ' her
pieople, a feeling, % he , was sure, : which
was entirely.r.ecipr/jcated by , all oritthis
side.of .the : ; water.-;\;,"r. •..--• r..- • : - \
\ i r- cheers: for^the-earu. t ->
: At.the . cast -end' of ; the. hall ¦ and jdl- 1
rectlv over.^the; seat occupied. by*Slr
H.: B.. Stoddard, -magniflcerit
triple purplejcrpss. c studded .with < elec
tric lights-and* embroidered on a back
ground -of 'pure -white i silk.- - : *6n- i tho
• stage. ¦. surrounded ¦ by- a .wealth ; of • eVer
\ greens, the oN.a
'Sir Knight; in full, uniform, mounted, on
[ horseback.'. -Above V this « whole beautl-'
i f ul . scene was streiched a» canopy of. a
icloth of shimmering gold, # ln the, midst
of which fwas- a sparkling;dlsplay of
gold and blue electric lights:- A;splen
did strlnged?orehestralahd"a chorus" of
?0 v voices added/ quality. to f the enjoy
inent of the: guests./ . . ; ; % .. " ;
CROSS GLEilMS WITH- LIGHT.
% The Earl of Euston .was the, guest of 1
honor last night ai a banquet at the Bor '
hemian Club. Sir .Reuben H.:' Lloyd:
was the hostVof" the 'occasion. Seldom
in 5 the history. 'of California .hasv so
magnificent a; feast been ; spread.^' The
gorgeousndss';,. of > the superb decora
tions was '(, in peeping s\yith the- open
handed ,- gofild^" fellowship' and •expres
siuns of ? gpmi !jyillvth a f t '' were showered
upon,. the ; h0nor,ed.gues£' of .the even-,
ing,\- Nor. was the distjnguished. vlsi;
tor lacking-in .cordiality in- his j^eply,
which•WR.s'ftiled with t erithusiasmiaver
the prolonged ..ovation v of ' friendship
proffered -to him | since - his arrival, in'
America. •-.,""•.¦ .,'...• '.;?/. "• ' ¦.',
: The- banquet .was se.rved / in' the 7 jinfts
room, 'under a':. bower 'of . grapevines,,
from which' hung grea't ; clusters of 4 lus
cious, , brilliant 'i'hueti; grapes. ,*Injter-,
spersed throughout ''these' decorations
were tiny incandescent lights. Beneath
this V supeVb ."canopy, was the \ great''
round ; festive :board,* which^.filled 5,the'
entires-center* of rthei* hall.- "The ; table,
was decorated 4wjth>. a center piece>of
growing pink "begonias,, about which
was 'a» mass.'of /"grape leaves.-^ Between;
this and the! guests* 1 places' was a"' gar- .
land .wrought s entirely .'of .'bunches', of
grapes. '", . .,, _ • <, .:'.;:.;;.
"California Oysters, Cocktail. . \,
'.-, V ¦¦."" ' '• - Green .Turtle, clear.
"Salted Almonds. -^ Olives. -
. Whole. Boiled Salmon Hollandaise Sauce.
'¦ Klesling, Mount Hamilton. Swan. Larded.
• . Stewed Spinach. ».-¦ ¦ . .
. ¦• : 'Boar's Head, Mus'.ard Sauce.
T Cabernet. Cordova.- -•' i • ". ¦> <¦¦ •>
i ' . Baron- of Beef. Yorkshire Pudding.
Boiled Cauliflower,' Cream Sauce. ,• ?. ¦
¦ • "< '- ' s ... Bohemian Salad.
Moet & Chandon -.White' Seal. •. J ¦ ¦' i
-¦'•¦" i ¦ rium Pudding." Brandy . Sauce.
"¦¦ Walnuts. -Filberts: -Seeded Raisins.
," ': ¦ • Cheese. r . Black Coffee. * .-. . •
. " :••¦>, , /SOXG..
- 1. Carol. • • • '
- 2., Soup .Is served. j t
. 3. Steward (followed by servant bearing fish,
chef, accompanying). '-., , ¦ - .
'.54.^The' swan, borne aloft »by /servants.
''. ft.' The. cooks bring In- the;boar's head. '¦',
•. •<}. Bearers bring in the baron of beef.
j 1 5. .Plum . pudding; .garnished , with : greens,
ablaze.'. lx>rne , Qn .the shoulders of the cooks.
"' 8.. The steward" ushers in the was?all bowl
and serves the. Knights.-' • t* ; -
; ; :: ;\JjTST- iXF ; GUESTS. ' J^v ','
T^The following -were, present: ' " *
1 *n. H.-I.loyd, Earl of Euston.G. C. T.; George
M.JMoulton, D. G.'. M.: Abraham Woodtwiss,
K.C.T.;, Rev. Henry W.: Rugg. G: D.; Thomas
P.'Dorman. K. C.T,;: Joseph W. Fellows.-p. G.
rC; Thomas Fraser. IC C. T. : J. P. S Gobln.
P. G.*"M. ; Warren La. Hue Thomas. P. G; 11 •
Freeman ;C.-Hersey.:G..C.; Frank W. Sumner.
P:- G;-C.:, Julius W.-Knowlton, *C1.- C: Robert
,R.-;Burnam. G. C. : John. F. Merrill. t P.' G • C:
Charles •Goltra.fG.C; Frank Burkltt G- C;
-Jamca :"W. • Bryant. ' G. . C. : ' Charles .F. , Lott P
'G.*CJ; r A. '8. •Wllderman. G. -S. ; Robert' H.
-Orniiby. • - G. ; Cf* Sir , Samuel ¦ C.- Mur
phy.-.fWIUiam - Schwelgert. . G. C. ; - Charles «R.
Westfctftf. G.C.; George W., Buck, G. Xi ; John
C." PoMlethwaite.' G.: C: Edwaxd ;C.
G.tC.;" William J. Turner,, G/ C; Thomas H.
Jones; ¦G.'* C; .Walling W. Van • -Win
kle, F.: G. .. C; i William J. .Fine. G
C.;-' Ferdinand Ulrlck,:. G. - C; Albert F
Pitcher. G. C.:. Edwin W.' Craven. G.C.; Rich
ard iH..W«nrlng. G. C; Owen T. ftouso, I). G.
C: -D.^M. Hailey..;P.v G.-VC; .Alexander Ste
v*ni>.' G. • C. ;¦ Charles A. Morris. O.-.C.:' Andrew
¦W7 I^elley..O. C. : Otis U. Keene, G.» C. G. H.
'Phclpa, 'G. C; :r*>uis 'Kirk. G. C; Thomas
•Rlckard. Hon. Henry A. Melvln, L. Rsdfleld,
WlllUm* B. /Hopkins, E. H. McCandllsh, H. J.
Mcglnnlty. Sir 0. T. -Wendell. T. V. Bakewell,
.William Wendell, G. C: George .W. Booth.
«; ('..; William: A. Hall.' O. C.:. John J. Henry.
¦tw.\ C.:.Sir' William H. Crocker, "Archibald ¥f.
Sloan, ¦ G. • C. : ¦ Joseoh • H. . Crawford, G. C. ; H.
•1). Xoveland. • P. tO. : Edwin Chamberlain. G.
C. ; Krmon . D/ Eastman. G; C. ; B. -H. Langley
P.»O. ' C. : -' Tiiomas Kite. G. "."• Q. ; Thomas M.
Fletcher, G. C. : i CharlF« 1^. Field. G. C. C. :
. William- H. Klngrsley.>G. C. : ¦ Wlison J.' Fiem
ing. G. C.;. Charles D. Bingham, G. C: W.
.Frank Pierce. G. : C. ; - A. J.'. Thomas, K. . C. T. ;
J6hn'Cor«on Smith, P.- G., C; nev.' C. ; F. L.
.Wright.' P.'.Gr; P.; William "Melish. G. cv G.:
a," ;F. Mailer. G. C. '.T.; > Henry- B. Stoddard.
G.fM./ • ¦»•• ¦ - . - . . - .
Reuben H. Lloyd Entertains Distinguished
Guests at Bohemian Club
The great events, of the Knights
Templar Twenty-ninth Triennial .Con
clave—the opening of the deliberative
session of the. order, the great parade
and many receptions— will take place
to-day.
This morning "hundreds of plumed
Knights, mounted on black horses and
in full regalia of their order, and "thou
sands of uniformed and well drilled in
fantry of the order will march in re
view before their grand officers. Along
the line of march tens of thousands of
San Francisco's citizens and visitors
will witness the great spectacle. In the
executive grandstands on Van- Ness
avenue will be gathered all the leaders
of the Knights Templar and at Sutte'r
and Van Ness, avenue is the reviewing
stand that will be occupied only by.tltc
Grand Encampment.
The line of march of the great parade
will extend over six of the city's prin
cipal streets. Thep*rade will form on
Geary street and on all the side streets
between Jones and - Stockton , and . will
march down Geary to Market, where
it will turn into Kearny, passing along
Kearny to Pine and down Pine to-
Montgomery, ..thence along Mont*,
gomery, passing thfe Mastmic; Temple";
and into Market street. Then will come
the } long stretch from Third street to
Van Ness avenue, on Market,' passing
the California Commandery's ; grand- ;
stand. . After ' entering Van Ness ave-'
nue the parade will, proceed on the
east side of the avenue as far as Wash
ington street, where it will couriter T
march on the . west side of < Van Nes3
The Right Honorable Henry James
FTtz Roy, Earl of Euston. most-emi
nent and supreme grand master of the
Great Priory of England ' and "Wales
and the dependencies of the. British
crown, who comes as 6pec!al envoy to
the triennial conclave and personal rep
resentative of King Edward VII. ar
rived in town yesterday and was re
ceived with honors befitting his rank
and station.
This visit marks an epoch in the his
tory oi Knights Templar. Euston is
the first official representative from the
Great Priory of England and Wales to
h*> in attendance here upon any trien
nial conclave. Long before -the arrival
of the train at Third and Townsend
struts every point of vantage was
tcken up by Sir Knights and citizens,
including many women. All had come
to pay respect and gain a glimpse of
the- distinguished visitor. The Earl was
accompanied by the j very eminent
kni?ht. Charles Fitzgerald Matter,
great vice-chancellor; the Rev. E. C.
Wright. A. Woodiwifs, Thomas Fraser.
A. J. Thcmas and J. P. Dorman. In '
the party was also a committee that
bad srone to Monterey to rnest the Earl
and act as a. special escort from that
point to the city. The committee was
composed of Reuben H. Lloyd, -W.« H.
Crocker, T. p. Elmer of the Chicagj
and Northwestern Railway and T.' H.
Ofiooman. 'l ne party arrived in a
munificent private car attached to the
regular Del Monte train.
KNIGHTS EXTEND WELCOME..
'" On the train's arrival at the station
the- representatives of Grand Master
Stcddarfl, namely Sir George. N. Moul
t'on, deputy grand master of the Grand
Encampment; Sir Henry W. • Rugg,
grand generalissimo, an j Grand Cap
tain General William B. Melish. board
ed the car. They were accompanied by
tfce- grand commander of California.
Sir TV. Frank Pierca, and past grand
toramindtrs Charles F. Lolt. S. - H.
AVas^ncr. F. M. Miller and General J.
C. Smith of Chicago, chairman of
committee on foreign relations. The
citizens' reception committee was rep
. repented by Julius Kahn. Colonel F.
i:.' Beck, E. B. Grace. W. F. Perkins.
J-. M. Currier, General C. A- Coolidge,
V. S. A.; G. F. Marsh, Clement Ben
• nttt, G. Gilbert Dexter, George M. '
Chalmers, T. H. Hudson and G. C.
Hornnnann.
After a few words of welcome by Sir
Knight Moulton and introductions by
R- H. Lloyd the party left the train,
end the Earl, escorted by the deputy
grand master, marched down through
the long depot, which was densely
packed with onlookers. Just as he
reached the entrance to the street Pa
cific Ccmmandery No. 3 was lined up
on both fides of the passageway and
stood at attention with drawn swords.
As the Earl reached this position the
Sonoma band struck up "God Save the
King."
THE EARL DOFFS HIS HAT.
The Earl at once doffed his Eilk hat
and bowed repeatedly as he passed
through the line of Sir Knights. The
distinguished party entered carriages
Iff waiting and the march began up
Third street to Market, and down Mar
ket to the Palace Hotel.
The procession was headed by the
official escort of the Twenty-ninth Tri
ennial Conclave, under the command
of Colonel William Edwards, chairman
of the escort committee. Other officers
in the escort were Major C. Toohey.
Capttin A. "Woodside and Lieutenant
C. F. Parks. In charge of Troop A, and
Captain E. N. Gains and Lieutenant
Richard Martins, in charge of Troop B.
Next came Knights on foot from Gold
en Gate Commandery. in command of
Captain Thomas Tribell, followed by a
company from Oakland. No. 11. in
charge of I'. G. Richards. Then -came
the rarriajrep containing the Earl of
Euston, together with members of his
Fuite. high officials of the Knights Tem
plar and the committee of citizens.
Following and surrounding the car
riages v.as a guard of honor, composed
of California Commandery No. 1, In
charge of c. M. Plum, commander of
California Cornmandery.
CROWD CHEERS VISITORS.
At the grand entrance to the Palace
Hotel an immense crowd had collected
and it lustily cheered the visitor. It
inquired the united efforts of a big
body of policemen to clear the way
n> that the party could drive up to
thf Ftcps in the court.
The Earl is a distinguished looking
rrr.ii. about 6 feet 2 inches in height,
of commmandlng and dignified bear
ing. He is the eldest son of the Duke
cf Graf ion. K. G.. and was born in
London on November S, 1S48. He en
tered the army in 1S67 and served in
Canada during the "Fenian raid." for
which service he received a medal.
For twenty-one years he was the col
onel commandant cf the First Volun
teer Battalion of the Northar.ipton
shirA RegimenL He has. served as
aid de camp to his Majesty King Ed
vard VII. He Ik a widower, having
but recently lost his wife. He has no
children. The Earl Is one of the most
prominent Freemasons in England.
On arrival here yesterday he was at
tired. &s were the other members of
h!s suite. In long dark gray frock
coats, gray trousers, silk hats and
rich white scarfs.
Leave San Francisco Friday. Sep
tember 9, by Sausalito ferry (North
Shore) at 1:35; arrive at Sausalito at
2:15;- take carriage from Sausalito to
Point Bonita and arrive at Point Bo
nlta at. 4:15: arrive Sausalito 5:30:
arrive at San, Francisco at 6 p. m.
¦ The cost of round trip from San
Francisco to Sausalito and return is
25 cents,, and the cost of carriage trip
to Point Bonita and return from Sau
salito is $1 50, making $1 75 for the
complete trip."
" C. J. Dowd of Mill Valley says that
he can furnish carriages to accommo
date not exceeding 200 persons, should
as many as that require to go on the
trip. Mr. Dowd's telephone number
is Mill Valley Main 6.
Those who wish to avail themselves
of the opportunity to see these prom
inent fortifications and obtain this
view of the bay are requested to regis
ter at' the California Promotion Com
mittee's rooms, 25 New Montgomery
street, opposite the Palace Hotel. Col
onel Heap, who is in charge of the
fortifications, has volunteered to show
them and will extend every courtesy
to the visitors.
To afford the visiting Sir Knights
and their friends . an opportunity to
inspect the fortifications on the north
side of. the bay, as proposed by Col
onel D. P. Heap and approved by the
citizens' committee, the following in
formation will be of value to the .vis
itors:
Permission to View Defenses.
Arrangements Made Giving Knights
CAN VISIT FORTI FICATIOXS.
As a young man after leaving school -he was
employed in mercantile life and later as a
teacher in", the ¦ public schools. Not havmr a
collegiate education, -Ms ambition, caused .him
to devote himself to his own. education. during
"the "spare time allowed to htm,' with enthusi
asm, courage and faith. From his boyhood he
had fe'.t that his future life must be devoted
to tha Christum ministry. In 1S15 he preached
his ii rat RCrmon. . »• . . , . ;
«*<A.letL«r.~»ritUiVr»r*r *}»'<le*th.by: his suc
cessor in" th«- Charlesftown "parish says: We
»K loved, til rn He was the. brightest spirit. I
have ever met. His presence was an illumina
tion and . inspiration, wherever he went. This
was .Starr Kms.'When interested he had the
most radiant fart and the finest, most spiritual
tyr I have ever seen." .' •
He was called to the ministry In San Fran
cisco and arrived April 2S. 1S6O. becomlnj: a
leader almost at once in church life and In the
public affairs of the city and the State. H«
became a Master Mason in Oriental Lodge No.
144 of San Francisco. August 11. 1581, and
later grand orator of the Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia. • ,
1 quote from the report of the proceedings
of the Giand Lodge of California:
"Frcm the beginning of his career as a
public man to the date of his decease there was
no pause in the growth of his power and
reputation. - ._,'.,,»•.
'•Who, more than our brother, helped In the
patriotic work of saving our beloved country
in the hour of danger? Who will stand higher
on the roll of merit than he, whose living
words of eloquent patriotism rang far and wide
over our State, and moving true men to a sense
of their danger and duty, saved us from seces
sion and the horrors of civil war? Forget not to
speak of him as a patriot In word and deed
whom all true Americans delight to honor.
His death came March V 1S64, at the age
of 40 years. '~," 1 «Tm'-'"
"He fonght the fight; he kept the faith.
¦ In lovln™- tribute and respect to his memory
th» Sir Knights of De Molay Commandery.
Knights' Templars of Boston, Mass.. place this
wreath on this monument, erscted by the citi
zens o? th* State of California. In this beautiful
Golden Gate Park.
As pllcrlms from the shores of the Atlantic,
from th? shadow of Bunker Hill, to the shores
of the Pacific: from the East to the West, we
come with reverence and resrwet to the shrine
hallowpd to the memory of this Christian sol
di«r. Rev. Thomas Starr King.
. We come this morning to pay our tribute of
respect to the memory of a Christian soldier.
Rev. Thomas Starr Kins, born In New York.
December 16. 1S24; son of Rev. Thcmas Far
rington King, who was grand chaplain of the
Grand Lodre of Massachusetts In 1S3S-1S39.
His father was settled In the ministry in
Charlestown. Mass., over the First Unlversallst
Church, and In 1848 Rev. Thomas Starr King
became pastor over the same church, hla
father having died in 1839. Later In 1S4D he
became pastor, of ; the HolHa-stre«t Church in
Boston.
• About % thirty . Sir Knights of De
Molay Commandery, Knights Templar
of. Boston, quietly made their way to
Golden Gate Park yesterday morning
jand . placed on the . statue of Thomas
'Starr King a. beautiful wreath, which
they brought carefully across the con
tinent for. the purpose. It was orig
inally . intended to place the wreath
on the marble tomb of the dead, but
later it was decided to place it on his
statue. . Sir. Oscar A. Shepard, emi
nc-nt commander of De Molay Com
mandery/ made the folowing address:
The general reception given to East
ern visitors in the evening by Califor
nia Commandery No. 1 and other com
manderies was no whit behind that of
the afternoon. In spite of the many
other attractions the programme was
fully appreciated by an immense crowd.
The hosts provided tables loaded with
ice cream, fruits, cake and wine for the
visitors. The special feature of the even
ing besides the fine music was the sons
by the Chinese children from the Pres
byterian Home.
It was announced that all Knights
and their ladles wearing the badges Is
sued by California Commandery
would be welcome at the ball to-mor
row (Wednesday) night and at ail
times to the hospitality of California
Commandery No. 1 at the Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Part of the reception-room represent
ed a Chinese parlor. The dull green
carpet, ceiling and walls gave the need
ed foil to the bright gold and crimson
of the elaborate embroideries. Hand
some bronze vases and incense urns
stood in bold relief against the red of
the draperies. The guests from the
Eastern States showed their enjoyment
and appreciation as they came in sight
of this strikingly Oriental spot of color.
Of special note was the facade of hand
carved and painted wood designed and
made for the occasion by Chinese
artists in Chinatown.
The reception held in the Mechanics'
Pavilion yesterday afternoon by the la
dies of California Commandery No. 1
was' a fine success. The executive com
mittee of about forty ladies, who ap
pointed the .special committees on
which all* the arrangements depended,
was composed of the wives of the past
and present commanders of the com*
mandery. . Charles Mortimer Plum is
the present grand commander and Mrs.
Plum is the head of the executive com
mittee. The wives of all members of
the commandery assisted in the recep
tion of the gue3ts.
Executive Committee Extends Hos
pitality to Visitors at Pavilion.
Vlsltlngr and local Knights and la
dies were again received In Golden
Gate Hall yesterday afternoon and
evening. The hall was thronged with
visitors during the hours of open
house and all enjoyed the genial wel
come and hospitality afforded. Music
was furnished by a string orchestra
and refreshments were distributed
freely.
' The affair was conducted by Mrs.
A. W. MacKenzie, wife of the general
issimo, asisted by Mrs. J. M. Peel. Mrs.
Reichert and Mrs. J. F. Clark. Mrs.
Firth is superintendent of the daily
receptions.
The afternoon reception will be
omitted to-day because of the parade.
To-night Mrs. John Bennett, wife of
the captain general, will receive.
•
LAJ>IES HOLD RECEPTIOX.
Mounted Fraters Es
cort Him to
Palace
A Wreath Is Placed
With Solemn
Ceremony.
Officers' Wives Act
Alternately as
Hostesses
De Molay Honors
Memory of Thomas
Starr King.
Earl of Euston Here
Representing
England :
Cordial Greeting is
1 Extended to
. Visitors
GRAND PRIORY
ENVOY REACHES
SAN FRANCISCO
PAYS TRIBUTE
AT MONUMENT
TO THE DEAD
ARE WELCOMED
BY LADIES OF
GOLDEN GATE.
BRILLIANT BANQUET AND RECEPTIONS MARK SOCIAL TRIUM PH OF KNIGHTS'
CONCLAVE AND BIND CLOSER MEN HELD BY THE STRONG TIES OF FRATERNITY.
Alcazar— "Bobert SntmiVj*
California— "Sapift.^:^ «?/*t
Central— "The First Bern." J
Columbia— "Baffles." "S^
Flscher's- r -"Anheuser Push."^^
Majestic — "In the FoUcs of th«
•Xing." - ;¦
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tlvoll — "The Toreador."
The Chutes — "Vaudeville. After
- noon and Bvenmg. •:.;¦
The San Francisco Call.
Forecast mad* at San Fran
cisco for thirty hours ending
mldnlflrht, September 6 :
San rranclsoo and vicinity —
Fair Tuesday; Uffnt north wind*
changing; to brisk westerly, with
fog In the afternoon and night.
ALEXANDER O. McASZE,
District Forecaster.
THE WEATHEB.LOXDON, Sept. 5. — No official rep
resentation will be made by the Brit
ish Government in regard to the Jap
anese-Korean agreement, the text of
which was . cabled from Toklo last
niftht, but the authorities are taking
a lively interest in the extent of the in
te-rventlon of Japan in the affairs .of
tbn hermit kingdom.
'.Under .the Anglo-Japanese alliance
both powers agreed to respect the in
dependence and Integrity of Korea and
the agreement between Japan and Ko
rea is regarded as an Infringement of
Korean ..independence. But }t had
been expected that if Japan were suc
cessful In the war , she would estab
lish a protectorate over Korea.
Japan's Pact With Korea Causes Lon
don to Take Notice.
GREAT BRITAIN UNEASY.
YENTAI, Sunday, Sept. 4.— The.Rus-
Bians evacuated their positions around
Liaoyang during the night of Septem
ber 3, crossing the Taitse River and
burning the bridges behind them. In
the meantime a strong force was hold-
Ing General Kuroki b^ck from Yentai.
During the combined attack on Liao
yang, which commenced on August 30,
.with Oku attacking from the southeast
and General Nodzu from the southwest,
the shell fire was terrific, in one in
stance fifty-six shells bursting at the
same tlm?.' The Japanese made a fine
infantry attack. They succeeded in
reaching the Russian trenches, but
were repulsed with heavy loss. The
Japanese shrapnel, as a rule, burst too
high. On the whole the day went well
for the Russians. The Japanese were
driven from th% villages along the rail
road.
On August 31 the shelling commenced
at daylight from all sides, but the Rus
sian infantry pressed forward. Late
that afternoon the news came that
Kuroki was threatening the railroad
at Yentai and the Russians commenced
to retire, enabling the Japanese, to
bring up two batteries and enfilade the
Russian force along the railroad. Dur
ing the night the transport moved into
Liaoyang.
'.;On 'September 1 the Russians' re
treatedfrom their main position, which
•formed a; circle around the city, while
the transport crossed the river. At -2
o'clock the Japanese succeeded in. plac
ing two guns iri"position and shelled
the railroad station, resulting in 'many
casualties; At the same time the Japa
nese infantry attacked the inner Rus
sian position, but was repulsed. In the
evening the Japanese brought up heavy
guns and used Shlmose powder to shell
the Russian town. , The Russians held
the position untllthe night of Septem
ber 3, when they retired across the
river.
On September 2 a strong Russian
force was moved east from Yentai to
hold Kuroki back. Kuroki attacked It
and was repulsed, being driven from
his positions on the left. The Japa
nese poured In a terrific shrapnel fire,
one. shell annihilating two Russian
companies. In the evening the Rus
sian artillery, which had been rein
forced, shelled the Japanese position.
Kuroki pushed his right forward and
got within twelve miles of the railroad
at Yentai. Later he -was driven back
to his original position.
Desultory fighting occurred on Sep
tember 3 in the vicinity of Mukden.
Continuous Attacks Precede Russian
Retreat From IJaoyaug.
JAPANESE PROVE TIRELESS.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept.. 6, »:20 a,
m.— It Is impossible at this hour to ob
tain any statement from the authori
ties regarding the reported prepara
tions for the abandonment of Mukden.
This is the first intimation that such a
course ls'contemplated. If the report be
true it means' the abandonment of the
whole of Southern Manchuria and the
winding up t of the present campaign.
In fact, should Mukden be evacuated
there would be no point for ' wintering
the army of a quarter of a million men,
with its many wounded, short of Har
bin. ' .
On the other hand, the evacuation of
Mukden would give Field Marshal
Oyama commodious winter quarters
and the practical control of two lines
of railway. The .Kinchou-Singmlntin
line, tapping rich Chinese territory,
stops a little short of Mukden, with
which it la connected by a ¦ good wagdn
road.
The report of the prospective evacu
ation of Mukden, if well founded, would
indicate that the crippling effect of the
Liaoyang 'fighting on Kuropatkin's
army Is more serious than .has yet been
intimated.-
LastStronghold of
the Czar Seems
Doomed-
Japanese Soon to
Hold all Man
churia.
Drop in Value of Russian Fours.
. ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 6.-—Gen
eral -f ¦ Kuropatkin's /defeat : caused .'fa
drop of % per cent in Russian 4's "on
the local bourse.
-The Southern Piclflc-wlll ¦give half-hour
eervlceon both broad- gauge and- narrow -gauge
ferries : after ¦ 6 o'clock - Tuesday and - Frld«y
evenings. September 8 and ».- Instead of hourly
service, as ordinarily. ¦ • :
Armies Repeatedly. Charge . Over ¦ the
Bodies "of the Wounded. ,
YENTAI, Saturday, Sept. (delayed
Extra Ferry. Service^ to Oakland and
"Alameda. . l '.-
HORRORS OF THE BATTLEFIELD.
SHANGHAI. Sept. 6.— The crews of
tlje^ Russian cruiser Askold , and the
torpedo-boat . destroyer; : Grozbvol,
which" took '¦ refuge here after the naval
battle off > Port ;¦ Arthur h of August 1 0
and which subsequently! were; dis
mantled,, will remain in China until
theclos.e*of the, war.; ; * J
China ¦ Detains ; Paroled , Seamen.
;¦-? ST. PETERSBURG. Sept 5.—Sen
ator Platonoff , a member of : the Coun
cil of the Empire, has been appoint
ed Minister of the Interior and Chief
of the Russian police, in' succession to
the late Von Plehwe.
Senator PlatonolT Appointed Russian
¦ ... . . Minister of Interior. .-,
VOX PLEHWE'S SUCCESSOR.
'"During September 4 the Japanese
strengthened their forces . operating
a gainst our left flank, extending their
lines ; from the Yentai mines north
ward. The Japanese also on Septem
ber 4 crossed from Liaoyang and- Its
environs." / - "
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5.—Un
der dp.te of September 5 General Ku
ropatkin telegraphed the Emperor as
follows:
"The retreat ¦ of our troops from
Liaoyang, on the right bank of the
Taitse River, on the night of Septem
ber 4, was carried out In good order.
The enemy's insignificant attempts at
pursuit were stopped by our rear
guard.
Message Sent on Monday Announced
Repulse of Pursuers. .
REPORT OF KUROPATKIX.
Tokio was illuminated again to-night
and the principal streets of the city,
where a' series of lantern processions
took place, ¦ were thronged.
TOKIO. Sept. 5.— A mass of official
reports on the battle of Liaoyang
reached the imperial headquarters to
day, but they will not be given out
until it is possible to put them in order
and make from them a. connected and
detailed story. In the meantime head
quarters is refraining from giving any
thing to the public.
It . is generally known that General
Kuropatkin succeeded, by means of a
desperate rearguard action and strong
and well handled flank movements.Mn
withdrawing the great 'bulk of the
Russian army and that he cut bridges
to hamper the Japanese pursuit: •>.*••*'
Critical interest centers in the opera
tions of the Japanese right wing late
Friday night and early Saturday morn
ing. General Kuroki then swung to
the westward, his movement being de
signed to flank the remainder: of the
Russians left at. Liaoyang itself. It is
believed here that General Kuropatkin
is bound to lose many prisoners to the
Japanese. It is possible, however, that
the topographical difficulties and the
overwhelming: opposition of the Rus
sians may check this movement on the
part of General- Kuroki.
Among the Japanese officers reported
killed in the battle of Liaoyang are
Lieutenant Teraouchi, son of Lieuten
ant General Teraouchi, Minister of
War, and Fukushima and
Muratta, both sons of Japanese gen
erals.
Official figures of the Japanese losses
and a list of the trophies captured are
expected to reach Toklo to-morrow.
'It Is believed here that General Kuro
patkin's next stand will be made at
Mukden, although there is defensible
ground south of there.
Field Marshal Yamagata, chief of
the general staff, and Lieutenant Gen
eral Teraouchi were the hosts at a ban
quet given to-night In honor of the
Liaoyang victory. The guests included
the Imperial Princes, the members -of
the Cabinet and the Elder Statesmen,
the staff officers of the army and navy
departments and chiefs of -bureaus. •
Toklo Believes Kuropatkin Will Again
Turn Upon His Pursuers.
EXPECTS BATTLE AT 3IUKDEX.
BERLIN, Sept. 5.— Colonel Gaedke,
the war correspondent of the Tage
blatt, writing from Liaoyang under
date of August 9, declared that it was
not the Intention' of General Kuropat
kin to defend Liaoyang to the utter
most, but to retreat to the next' posi
tipn, which was said to be Tieling,
about sixty miles north of Mukden,
which had been strongly fortified.
• "The peculiarity of all these posi
tions — Haiqheng,- Anshanshan, .Liao
yang and Tieling," writes Colonel
Gaedke, "is that naturally they are of
the strongest,, but very weak when
fortified and an army sits down, pas
sively within them.";
. Colonel Gaedke says it is . possible
that- the Russians - may retreat even
further than Tieling. He writes -in
the bitterest terms of Viceroy "Alex
left,* He says that the arrival of the
Imperatively needed troops had been
suspended for three weeks, by which
General Kuropatkin had been de
prived of at least 75,000 men, which
might turn the scale in his favor.
German Writer Says Reinforcements
Were Kept From" Kuropatkin.
BLAMES VICEROY ALEXIEFF.
The Times believes it is Impossible
that "the heroic rear guard," which
defended Liaoyang, "has -had, time to
rejoin 'Kuropatkin, whose long' and
dangerous ; retreat" It believes to be
seriously menaced.
- The military critic of the Times be-v
Heves' that Kuropatkin' must* sacrifice
his rear- guard if be hopes to get the
"Once across this serious obstacle,
the Russian forces will be In sufficient
safety, though the passage of the river
may be made a'terribly expensive oper
ation," It says. "If the Russian army
gets to Mukden in any • considerable
force, Japan will have reached the
limit of her advantages and,, although
we are convinced that she will main
tain what she has conquered,; she will
have to face the utmost test ' In a de
fensive struggle before the truce of ex
haustion is . forced upon the combat
ants."
The Daily Telegraph, after declaring
that Kuropatkin's operations and the
defense of Port Arthur "stand out as
two fine achievements, which have done
the most to maintain the prestige of
Russian arms throughout a campaign
which otherwise has formed a story of
unfathomable incompetence and unin
terrupted disaster," adds that the
critical moment of the retreat is likely
to be reached only when General Kuro
patkin arrives at the Hun River, some
miles south of Mukden.
LAST BAR TO SAFETY.
"If Kuropatkin ' can" move his army
over the thirty -miles that separate
Yentai and Mukden," Wilkinson says,
"he will- break the record for such
performances. The Japanese columns
will have little difficulty in coming up
with his rear guard arid" engaging it
whenever they please." '
The Standard says:' "For the first
time In centuries'. Europe has gone
down before 'Asia and Oriental troops
have vanquished In fair fighting a
wostern army." ,
Yet the paper goes on to reiterate
that the crowning triumph for the mo
ment Is denied" the 'Japanese, though
Kuropatkin, despite his "extraordinary
achievement," is still exposed to dis
aster.
General praise is again accorded the
Russian commander for his temporary
extrication and to the Russian troops
for their splendid discipline In defeat.
The military authorities say that if
the genius of Kuropatkin and the mor
ale of his men had not been strik
ingly brought out in the recent dis
patches there would be scarcely an
English paper to-day that would not
declare the fate of General Kuropat
kin's entire force already sealed.
Spencer Wilkinson, in the Morning
Post, points out that if General Kuro
patkin endeavored to retreat, in single
column his transport and force would
be so large that his first army corps
would have been marching three days
before the second could sart to follow
it. The railroad is of little use to him,
Wilkinson asserts, and he says that
Kuropatkin must be retreating in a
series of parallel columns, each not
larger than one army corps, and be
hind these the rear guard.
MUST WORK A MARVEL.
Here it is almost taken for granted
that a Japanese occupation of Mukden
must quickly ensue. No serious Eng
lish critic supposes' that Kuropatkin
will dream of making, such another at
tempt to stem the Japanese advance
as he did at Liaoyang. >. V '
HEAVY FIGHTING LOOKED FOK.
If the Russians can reach Harbin
they will, according to English opinion,
be lucky. Before that becomes a ques
tion of moment, however, it is ex
pected that desperate engagements
must be fought and the Japanese are
expected to risk even heavier casual
ties than they sustained at Liaoyang
in the final endeavor to annihilate Gen
eral Kuropatkin, either on the way to
Mukden or in the neighborhood of
Mukden itself. The fate of General
Kuropatkin's force depends, say the
English observers of the struggle, In
which they are so vitally interested,
upon the Russian general's ability to
confine these efforts to rear guard
actions. *
LONDON, Sept. 6.— The race of Gen
eral Kuropatkin for Mukden enthralls
the British press and public and mili
tary and other critics scarcely dare
venture a brief surmise as to Its re*
suit. The best opinion inclines to the
belief that Kuropatkin will get through
with a respectable remnant of his great
army, tfcus robbing the Japanese of
the complete fruits of their victory,
but it is realized that the Russians will
not be "out of the woods" for several
days.
The latest report is that General
Kuropatkin is once more in danger of
being cut off, and it is believed here
to be likely that this report will be
repeated several times before the issue
of the sanguinary struggle Is decided.
English military critics base such opin
ions as they have upon the immense to
pographical difficulties General Kuroki
must overcome before intercepting
Kuropatkin, who, they hold, has shown
ability to take advantage of every
phase in the strategy of retreat. If
Kuroki now succeeds after failing in
the initial attempt he will have accom
plished, in the English view, an almost
superhuman achievement.
"There was a lull in the fighting on
August 31. General Marosovsky, who
was on the firing line the whole time,
sat down with a Cossack picket in the
shelter of the trees for a cup of tea and
a biscuit. The Japanese artillery sud
denly swept the woods with their fire
and a shell burst, wounding the general
in the leg and tearing off his orderly's
arm." :SV; :..-, .... .:-.*w. '. . .',
"In many of the companies all of the
officers were killed or wounded and the
men fought under non-commissioned
officers. Many of the Japanese wounded
fell into the Russian trenches and
could | not possibly , be removed when
the retreat commenced, and had to be
abandoned. Qfhers, more unfortunate,
fell between the lines and we could -not
bring them in. The Japanese could not
remove them, and" they lay most of the
day and night .exposed In the line of
flr.e. Their, cries and- groans, which were
heart-rending^, could be distinctly heard,
bur skirmishers" fel] ' on many of . them
while pursuing the retreating;;.Japa
nese, and when they could gave .water
to them, but had to leave them to be
run over by the succeeding waves of
the Japanese attacks.
by censor).— A Russian correspondent
who has arrived here from Liaoyang
gives some details of the final assaults
on that place. He says: /:•
"At the Untie of the Japanese bom
bardment of the railway station the
ambulances were in the rear of the sta
tion, from which it was. Impossible to
move them. A shrapnel shell which
burst over the station wounded two
nurses, one of whom has since died.
% ".The hottest fighting was on August
SO and 31, when the repeated assaults of
the enemy were all repulsed. The Thir
ty-fourth and Thirty-fifth regiments of
the Ninth Division and the Twenty
third Regiment of the Eastern Divi
sion were particularly hard pressed and
were several times reinforced. Ammu
nition could not be brought quickly
enough, and the men at times actually
stoned their assailants.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 6.-/Ac
cording to the military authorities, all
Kuropatkin's hopes and plans for vic
tory were dashed by the wonderful
celerity with 'which Oyama's right
pushed forward - after crossing the
Taitse River. " Here Kuropatkin's in
formation* evidently was faulty in be
lieving that he had before him. the
whole of the \ Japanese forces which
had crossed over to the .right bank.
He had already completed a prelimin
ary bombardment of Kuroki's force on
Friday and was about to strike him
when he discovered that another Jap
anese column had crossed the river
farther up stream.- This column was
marching with great rapidity westward
to 'cut the railroad and close the door
on the Russian retreat to- Mukden.
Just at this point there is a; hiatus
in the reports. .Whether Kuropatkin
actually attempted ' to deliver a blow
against Kuroki' is not clear. At all
events, if he did he was compelled to
desist upon the discovery of the north
erly Japanese column. The latter took
him by surprise.
General Orloff's division, which suf
fered severely, had just arrived from
European Russia. Although this divi
sion was thrown Into confusion and
lost a frightful number of men, the
temporary check it was able to give
the Japanese probably saved the rail
road for Kuropatkin. In the mean
time Kuroki, freed from Kuropatkin.
marched hastily westward to intercept
General Stakelberg, who was crossing
the. river from the left bank. g It was
then that Kuropatkin thought Stakel
berg's corps was* lost and so' reported
to the War Office. But Kuroki was too
late. Stakelberg not only succeeded in
getting his corps across, but marched
at high speed thirty miles to Yentai,
actually arriving in time to come to
the support of hard-pressed Orloff. •
Japanese Strategy and Extreme Mo-'
; £ bllity Upset His Plans.
KUROPATKIX OUTGENERALED
"shattered remnants of his army" to
Mukden. He believes that the Mukden
garrison and other troops will come
south to receive "the fugitive army,"
but he is still doubtful if "the Rus
sians can shake themselves free from
their alert and dangerous foe."
Genius of Kuropatkin May Not Save His Army From
Annihilation by Its Pursuers.
.. - . . . , MtTKDEX, . Sept^.—Preparations for the' evacuation of Mukden are proceeding... The Japanese ad
vance is within thirty miles. ; r '. . ,.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5. — The new mobilization i r decided upon is expected to be announced In the
latter part of this week. It* will include the Eighth Army Corps/ stationed at Odessa.
6T. PETERSBURG, Sept. B. — It is reported that \he Baltic. squadron will sail a week from date*by
way of the Mediterranean, but that it will * not proceed to the . Far East if Port Arthur fall.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept 5, — The report that the Emperor 'Will go to the front was revived to-day
and appears to have foundation. It is known that the Imperial train has been fitted out for a long
Journey. -•- *-"- ;: . - < r. - :>-v-
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5. — It was reported at a late hour to-night that General Kuropatkin's
rear guard has been almost annihilated and that the main Russian army was in imminent danger of be-
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5*— The Russian losses during the fighting at Liaoyang are estimated at
16,000. There la no doubt here that a number* of guns, especially giege artillery, have been abandoned.
One report places the number at 300. ¦ *-. • \ * x
CHEFU, Sept. 5. — Advices from Port /Arthur say that following the terrific bombardment of the fort
ress for the five days ending September 1 heaps. 'of . Japanese bodies were removed by the Chinese, under
orders given by the PoM Arthur authorities.'.'- ¦ ' .
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5.— A dispatch from Kuropatkin, forwarded yesterday evening, indicates
that General Kuropatkin 's army and Kuroki's army are racing for Mukden and that the result is in
doubt. General Kuropatkin says that the retreat. is being conducted in perfect order. The Japanese repeat
edly attacked the Russian rear on Sunday, but in every "case they were repulsed. . t
The forces 'of Kuropatkin and Oyama are racing for Mukden. This much stands out in the "news of
Monday and is indicated in a report forwarded by Kuropatkin, who says that his retreat is beinj? con
ducted hi. perfect order, though th e Japanese on Sunday repeatedly attacked his rear and continued the
attack until Monday. The result of the race is in doubt. The united Russian forces are. now north of Yen
tai, a station on the railway about ten miles northeast. of Liaoyang. They are pushing on to Mukden to
which the bulk of Japanese forces is marching direct, after having swarmed across the Taitse River.' A
strong Japanese flanking column is about thirty miles northeast- of Liaoyang and is trying to get between
the Russian forces and Mukden. With this race in pi-ogress there comes a brief dispatch from Mukden
saying that preparations for the evacuation of .that : place are proceeding. This report, if well founded,'
would mean the abandonment of the whole of Southern Manchuria and . the winding up of the present
campaign. •"> . V" s '"¦ ..
The State Department all. along has
contended that foodstuffs not directly
consigned to the forces of a belligerent
are not contraband of war, and has
pressed this view on the Russian Gov
ernment There are no recent develop
ments in the case of the two steam
ships mentioned, and in view of the in
decision of the Russian commission en
gaged in examining the question of
contraband immediate action is not ex
pected. The disposition of the high
Russian officials, as viewed in Wash-
Jngton. seerns to be to treat the matter
of foodstuffs as being contraband from
the- standpoint of N policy rather than
from the well-defined rules of interna
tional law.
KT. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5.-rFor
eign Minister Lamsdorff is being
pressed by Embassador McCormick
for .-in answer to the representations
of the United States in regard to the
cargoes of the Portland and Asiatic
line steamship Arabia and the British
BteaiDShip Calchas. both captured by
the Vladivostok squadron. It is un
derstood that the United States now
goes to the extent of asking for the
r.elease of the cargoes.
The Foreign Office, however, is un
able to give a definite response to the
representations made pending the de
cision of the commission which is ex
amining the nuestion of contraband
of war. The commission is not mak
ing much progress, owing to the posi
tion taken by Grand Duke Alexander
Mikhailovjch. head of the Department
of Mercantile Marine and brother-in
law of the Emperor, and Grand Duke
Alexis, the high admiral and uncle of
his Majesty, who are standing out
against the American and British
view of foodstuffs as conditional con
traband, on the ground that if the
contention were allowed it would be
idle to attempt to stop contraband
bound for Japan.
WASHINGTON', Sept. 5.— At the State
Department confirmation is obtained of
the statement in the St. Petersburg dis
patch that America has asked for the
release of the cargoes of the steamships
Arabia, and Calchas. seized by the
Vladivostok squadron. The Calchas,
though a British vessel, had an Ameri
can cargo on board.
Emba.^sadur McCcnitick Asks for Re-
least' of Captured Cargoes.
PRESSING AMERICAN" CLAIMS.
Kuropatkin estimates his losses up to
and including September 4 at 16,000.
This is considered to be a very conser
\ative figure. The loss to the Japanese
probably will be double this number,
owing to their position as attaAers.
Kurnpatkin says nothing regarding
the k es of guns, but it is probable that
some of the heavier emplaced guns at
Liaoyang had to be abandoned.
There is* no truth in the report that
Kuropatkin has been wounded or that
Lieutenant General Linevitch is mov
ing to hi? support. General Linevitch
is still at Vladivostok.
The Japanese have thrown a strong
flanking column across the Taitse River
at Benitzu. about thirty miles north
east of Liaoyang. This column is hur
rying to the northeast and endeavoring
t-« got in between the Russian army
and Mukden. It is against this move
ment that KuropatkJn has dispatched
J^utonant General Rennenkampf with
s Cossack division, which it is believed
is already blocking the eastern high
road.
Kuropatkin has three roads over
which he is marching toward Mukden,
besides the double-tracked railroad.
The latter is chiefly occupied in the
transportation of gun? and of equip
ment, of which there is a great quan
tity. The Fnldiers are marching in light
order, and most of the wounded have
already been dispatched north by rail.
General Kuropatkin in a telegram to
the general staff filed at 1 p. m. on
Feptember 5 north of Yentai says the
Japanese on Sunday engaged his rear
fruard south of Yentai. the fight con
tinuing until Monday. The telegram
details the precautions taken to check
mate the Japanese flankers.
A strong flanking column on the east
is pushing rapidly northward in the
effort to head off the Russians. Against
this column General Kuropatkin has
ecnt a strong cavalry division to the
northeast, which it is believed is al
ready in position to check the Japanese
Hankers, while to the westward Kuro
patkin is moving a division toward
{?insrr.intin. thirty miles west of Muk
dtn, to meet any interference that may
be attempted from the direction of
Vinkow or Xev.chwang.
Oyama's advance is reported to be
engaging the Russian rear, bu.t it is not
expected to develop anything more se
rious than a Keries of rear guard ac
tions, lending to harass Kuropatkin's
retreaj.
Fit-Id Marshal Oyarna's entire army
has crossed the Taltse River and part
of ft is hanging on to Kuropatkin's
Hank.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 6, 1:55 a.
in.— A summary cf^the war situation
to date shows that the vrhole Russian
army— or at least the main portion of
il— is already above Yentai station and
is pushing on toward Mukden.
His Forces Still
in a Critical
Position.
Kuropatkin Loses
Many Guns
in Flight.
BULLETINS REPORT FRESH RUSSIAN DISASTERS
SLAV AND JAPANESE ARM I ES RACING TO MUKDEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. SEPTEMBERS,/ 1904.
2
i OCEAN' TRAVEL^
y^e^cisS Steamer* leav* Broadway
/W> —^8i\ (p>r» 9 and ID
/JTXl. , N<A San 'FranclMib:
/*/ Y^^a \**\ For Ketchikan. Wrw^;
I \>!Ka I I Juni;au - Haines. Ska C wa /(
\A VT^/ / * tc - A 1 *;"^- 11 «• m -. Sept
V*^. V + r y<s} 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. October 2.
VXS»i^>O/ CbaMgv to thla company' s
iteamer* at SeatUe.
_ • '¦' ' For Victoria. VaacouT«r.
Port Townaend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett Be*
IlnKbam— 11 a. ra.. Sept. 2 7. 12. IT 22 27
October 2. Change at Seattto to this company \
iteamers for Alaska and G. ' fi r By.; at Se-
attl« or Taeoma to N. P. Ry.;- at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry. •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, -1 -SO
p. m.. Sept. 1. 7. 13, 19, 23. October 1; Corona
1:30 p. m.. Sept. 4. 10. 18. 22. 28. October 4*
.For Loa Angeles (Tla Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Roaa. Sundays. 9a.m.
* State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angelea (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crui Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Har ford (San
Luis Oblsoo). Ventura and Huenema
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 4. 12. 20. 2S. October 9.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 8. 16. 24, October 2
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose d"i
Cabo.»Mazatlan. Altata. 1^ Paz g anta « *
Mlla. Guaymas. (Mex.). 10 . m.. 7th each So
For further information obtain folder Rj«h»
19 rM 2^U°«^£24 t .£* Tn , w V >r "a" 1 "* date*.
TICKET OrJICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market »t . and Broad
way wharves. Freijrht Offle«, 10 Market«t*
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Anl'
. 10 Market «t.. San FranciseV P '
The Pacific Transfer C*>.. 20 Sutter «t will
call for and check barsage from boteU and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. ,-/
OccanicS^.c©.s i « 8 :!,!
— .J'- OIHSdUlttloTAMir-
8. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 8. 2 n. m.
6.S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Sept: 14 II «_ S"
6.S.ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 17. ll\jnt
IJ.SMCIELS i BSOi Ca , AfftS.,TiCi5I da 643 tor.
tei rmgai PElce 323 Baitet si. Pier 7, Pacnie sl
COHPASSrS SISBB1L5 TmMf3aIHWr;ajs
DIRECT LIME TO HAVRE-paris
Eallinj every Thursday Instead of
baturday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42.
North River, foot of Morton it.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERai
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CA*£
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlnr) n"m»
Tork. J F. FUOAZI & CO.. pST (W
Agents. 8 Montgomery , avenue. San FrinrTC^
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket -AwST^ 1
**.W. S. Ka-ry Tard an« "Van.jo.
6ta»r. H. J. Corcoran— Leaves S_ B* f««.
CUy st.. north end ferry bldg.— w*ik - °*
»:3o A. M.. S and »8 P. m.- SundaJl *«"•
A. M.. 8 P. M. Leave, via eJo-wSf^ J* 3 *
6:30 A. M.. 12:20 and 6:30 P °mT «,t ****•
P. M. Fare. 25c each Way EMun.on*"' *
Sundays to -VaUeJo. Glen Core*tS3?i2» "*»
Me round trtD. PIPER. ADEKooS «!???•
CO.- Phop, Mate m. «8aiultUy e^eS?^"*
WEEKLY CALL, ? 1.00 PB3i YBAB.
OCEAX TRAVEL. ,'
GREAT REDUCTION 3N RATES
First class, $40: second class. $30: and up-
wards, according to th? line, steamer, and ac-
commodation
AMERICAN LIKE.
Plymouth — Chtrboursr — Southampton.
From New Yor V Sa turday - 9:30 *• ".• x \
Germanic. . ... .Sept. 17jSt. Paul Oct. 1
New York Sept. IMlPhlladelphla Oct. 8
ATZ^INTIC TBAHSPOST LINE.
Hew York — London Direot.
Mesaba.-Scpt. 17. 0 amlMlnnehaha.Oct. 1.8 am
Mtnnetka Sept.24. 5 anvMnneapls.Oct.8.4:30 pm
DOMXHXON XJOTS.
Montreal — TAvexpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Sept. 171 Vancouver Oct. 1
Dominion .Sept. I'JlCanada Oct. 8
BED STAB LINE.
N«w Tork— Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calllnsr at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturdays, at 10:30 am.
Finland. Sept. 17 Kroonland. . .... .Oct. 1
Vaderland..,-.Swpt. 24lZeeland.... Oct. 8
WHITE STAB U3TE.
Wew Tork — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing "Wednesdays.
Cedric.Sept. 18. 10 ami Teutonic. Sep. 28. 4: SO pm
Oceanic. S*-pt. 21, 3 pml Celtic. .Sjpt. 3f>. S» am
Arabic. Sept.23,4:30 pm 1 Baltic Oct. 5. 2 pm
Boston— Queentrtown — Liverpool.
Cretlc ....:...;...-. A S«pt: 22
Cymric... •• Oct. 13. Nov. 17
NEW SERVICE PROM BOSTON.
: Past Twin-Screw Steamers
Of 11.400 to 15.000 Tons.
NEW YORK AMD BOSTON DIEECT
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
FROM NETVV TORK. >
REPUBlJC...Oct.-20. Dec. 1, Jan. 14. Feb. 23
rRETIC.....'N'ov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4, March IS
FROM BOSTON.
ROM A NIC... Sept. 17. Oct. 29. Dec. 10. Jan. 28
CANOPIC Oct. 8, Nov. .19. Jan. 7. Feb. 18
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger A*ent Pacific Coast,
"_ ; • 21 Poat St., San Francisco.
¦— To V. S. Navy Tard anl Vallejo.
EUnrs. General Friable, Mon tlcello and, Arrow.
0:45 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15, 6, 8:30 p. m. (exSua.);
fcuudays. il:<5 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vai;«jo
7. 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15. 6 p. m. (ex. Sun.); Sua-
<Say», 7 a. zn.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. loot Mis-
sion street: phnne Main 1508. . HATCH BROS.
Woman
/ww*^*wv3\Y m *• laterested ami should know
**tf l jfre2iiV\Aiy!» - about the wonderful
*PY<sS!5Si^i« WARVEL Whirling Spray
- vl<**C:\fiS*S?4^ ttonand buetion. Beat— Sat-
i Vv^S??®^**!? 1 - 5111 " Convenient.
¦ ucieu>«ttMiuuj.
: ' *.t m» ir«wt«t Ut it. - JML ' ,.-<!" -^**' x *
If he cannot supply the \\ tl3B/Jyp$J*i'C
' . BIAKVK&. accept no >«r% * 7 *Cs_->5^v—
! other, bin tend ttanip for "Sfe. r^'.'fy'Kj
¦ nta»trat»!dbook-»*mfc<t. ItglTe* Vi, / WAT
lull particulars and directions tn- c£>i I • m
rateable to ladies 1KARVKI CO^T&M..'*,.-. '.¦ M .
' '41 Fark Bow. Sew York. - ¦^*miii^j^^
1(2 New McntKodiery, San Francisco, Cal.
William Hatt?roth (Ladles', Dept.). 224 Sntter.
Union Drue Co.. 400 Sutter and ICO Stockton.
Ossood brothers. .."th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy............ ..119 EtlU !
DOAWS PII.I.3.
,A HINT TO THE
TWs Aflvice lill Bear
¦ Seli| IhJd; :
Franco.
"Don't chase shadows."
; Doubtful proof is but a shadow. .
,You can rely on testimony of peo-
ple you know.
.You; can investigate local evidence.
Robert J. Roland, painter, of 1610
Bryant, street, says: "I don't kn'ow
whether the lame, weak and aching'
back I had could be called lumbago:
and I am uncertain : whether it was
caused by t J : overwork or by lifting
while pain£ing : one .of the boats,;but
I do know it was sufficiently annoy-
ing to ; be decidedly^ aggravating, and
a\ course of : the treatment of Doan's
Kidney Pills stopped it. If every
one in San Francisco receive; as much
benefit 5 from, that remedy as I, back-
ache -will "cease • to' exist in - this yi-
"cinityi" : ; * '.; .;'• :c- r ;^V ; .'..¦"
'For. sale:by all dealers. .Price 50c.
Foster- Milburh Co.. Buffalo.'; N,. Y..
solei agents Jfor> the United-; States. -
'['- Remember the name. Doan'sV and
take no substitute.
ADVERTISE51EXTS.
|f THE DISEASE
|1 OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
1 THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
I CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
I NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
f? NOT AN ; ARTIFICIAL
h PREPARATION.
t| ftELI EF* COM ES WITH
h THE FIRST GLASS.
I ALWAYS ASK FO R
S MfEnyadfr&ios
If (FULL NAMEJ^ :
I IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
I HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY/
I] BE IMPOSED UPON.
• i- ' APVERTF' g F^*]^'A'et. ¦ ,, , ' - , - --
ee«eo*eeeooo9Ooeoe«e*oo9eoo9O$dooQG*«ooeooo*°
• 818 ~ 820 Market St. San Francisco. 2
S Double Day I FREE Si*SS2SnC |
• 1\^ fUS «*•., ovr Stationery Department to o
g A O "IVlOrrOW amount oi 20c or more. |
• -LADIES' BELTS. . SH&WIS. o
• A new line of • beautiful, wide, silk Wool knitted shawls, new open pat-^
• Belts, white and black, newest tern. In white or with deep fancy J
A . buckles, from 50c to 81.23 border In blue and pink. Reg", prlca J
Z 600 new and elegant Belts, all sizes 85e; will wash; slightly soiled; ape- •*
X and color*, worth, from. 50c to 76c; cial -OOJ
S special, while they last. each..lOc -nrrssss' 5
2 White kid and black sateen Belts. _. . , , rTrt „,„,«« -# *Vi*. •
• Reg. price 25c^pec^al, each.... 5c J
S Fine white lawn Aprons. Reg. price TOADIES' St
• 35c; special, each... 2Oc Handkercnlef8 . made <* &,, lawn. $
f XWICfKT TEimAB CAJTES. STO. ! special 1 for 5C #
2 Wholesale and retail— I,ADrB3' - f»
J* Black and white, knob top 5c Shirt Waists, made of fln« lawn. al«o 0
• Black and white, emblem top. ... 5c Black Sateen Waists and Fancy Q
• Black and white, knob and flag. 2 . colored Waists. Special, each.. 5Oc ©
• for ...;... 15c ________ ____^ — — . g%
A < Black and white, emblem and flag z!
p ...... ............. lOc sxaro oar, bwibt bxss. •
gs Black and white Festooning. 16 ft. And you will get a new cage. New •
Z 10c lot of pretty, round, painted cages. 9
S Black and white Festooning, with They are by far the nicest for sing- O
J Flags 15c ers: O
a _ No. 1, regular 50c, special 42c r%
2JT <£r^HeVgajfa23^j^ GOING EAST? No. 2. rearular 60c. special *»J? C a
X rviarrr " g^ „ <*! BUTT YOTTR No. 3. regular 75c. special 6oC JJ
9 'r^lH * 8 ilM TB.VBTK. SO'TJBXiE FACSO
• li^^fzZSRXg AT Oilcloth, beautiful designs of cloth q
A y%JS «__fl«jijB «.«»,«¦» — «n one side, decorated oilcloth on o
2 PACTOBT thf . o ther. Sells everywhere, for g
• '--laLX-*— a — ¦PRICES. 36c. Special, per yard 25c •
;•• Your choice of our own or Eastern SAJiT BOXES. * ' •
9 make at about 25 per cent lesa than Hardwood, inlaid in two colors, dark o
• elsewhere. We extend a cordial in- and light; strong, well-made box: q
: m vitation to have you inspect our sells everywhere for 20c Special X
a line of over 100 styles, and be the « 14C
Z judge. Below we quote a few «-————-———-————-————-————-• J
S prices at random: . PHTT*P TXAT. a
• 3 °T 1 ? u C nk. S euSer 8 fl r aTfr Best W**™?**?™ • plat*. fr~gd §
0 32-inch, flat top; Trunk, .canvas cov- 4-PXECB O
© ered and painted, with strong steel Tftft g aua drupl« Plata. In •
•- Vl^ffl'J^ *¥nk fr08ted d « 1 » n - R«sul«- » 23 - •
m tray and hat box 94.1)0 c a i a nriw ft 1 T t\Ct A
Z 30-inch, same style, with two stout SaIa prIce 81 " w JJ
2 straps $5.45 8-X>AT »
2 34-lnch. flat top Trunk, canvas cov- Mantel dock; strikes hour and fealf- J
X ered and painted, with large pro- hour; cathedral gong. Reg. $6.60. w
• tecting bumpers, extra strong bolts Special 84.05 •
• and lock, extra dress tray and two __x»xxS' *
O 3 flinch. B flat P top* Trunk.' "canvas "top Nickel Watch: guaranteed good time- -
0 and painted, large brass bumpers. Piece. Regular J2.60. Special.,-. J
3 extra strong bolts. Excelsior lock. 83..HO "J
2 ;best oak slats, thoroughly rein- ¦ 2
[ . forced, two trays, and hat box and -aw niwrrarfl ah ra ezr\~- *if
• best quality straps.,. S1O.OO "wSSJSuTft^ 5 ° C J
a Any of the »bor» can b* h»d In larver Beautifully illustrated and published S
Z or «nall«r aizea, at 50c ««ch »lae, Dy tha California v Promotion Com- 2
2 mor« or leni, as the case may be. mlttee. A handsome souvenir to JJ
q Trunks made to order or repaired. take East with yon. **
9 y ' '-_ ' - ''i'.'.7. . r ." ' - '.' ' '••"•"-;•;-"•"•; ' '• ''y~\'"' o
• KNIVES. RAZORS AWB frw^*Kff OBOITKD AND REPAIRED. O
• PICTURE PBAME3 07 ALI. DESCRIPT10HS MADE TO ORDER. •
fWMM THROUGH 1
1 ¦ TOURIST SLEEPERS g
r^^ FOR ST. LOUIS
M I//-1 ILOt ;. il
y ".¦ ' ATTOXTST 18. 19. I]
1 SEPTIKBEB 1. 9. 6. 6. 7. 8. 19, 20. 23. 33. (1
P OCTOBER 3. 4. 5, 6. 19. 80, 38, 07. . I j
1 FROM SAN FRANCISCO: I
H On Southern Pacific train No. 4 at 9 a. m., with day- [i
I light ride through Salt Lake City and Scenic Colorado, il
|j over Rio Grande Railway. All sleepers carried via I!
|; Denver, thence East on the Burlington's fast through U
J$ trains to St. Louis. A standard through sleeper to St. IJ
f| Louis every day at 6 p. m. Same route. ||
1 PATF§- (j
H All the low Special World's Fair Excursion Rates I!
a authorized from California points apply for these Bur- U
g lington Excursions; other Excursions on frequent jy
p dates to Chicago. . p
D Call on or write ij
B General Agent. W. D. SANBORW. Bnrliiurton Ticket OSoe. *\
|| 631 MARKET ST. (TTnder Palace Hotel). \l
H San rraacisco.Fischer's.
-"Anheuser-Push" continues to pack
Fischer's ' Theater with , appreciative
audiences.' .' • . -".^. •-_ .. .- . , _v
Cameras, photographic supplies, print
tfig'and'¦ developing at lowest prices.'San
born, Vail & Co.; 741 Market' street. •'
Democrats* Only'.Hone Is to Cut Down
HciJubliean^Majoritj-.
. WHITE RIVER J JUNCTION. Vt,
Sept. 5. — The Vermont State election
will be held to-morrow. State officers
will be chosen, -and the • Republicans,
Democrats. Prohibitionists ,. and So
ffalists all have tickets in the field.
Charles J. Be!I ., i% the , Republican
nominee for Governor, and Eli Porter
is the nominee of the Democrats.
The sole fight of the Democrats han
been to reduce the Republican plu-
Biggest; Excursion of the Year.
•The ofllclal Y. M. C. A. excursion leav
ing September 8 via the Grand Canyon
for the World's Fair will be the largest
of the year. Mr. F. W. Prince, city,tick
et agent of the Santa Fe. will personally
conduct the party. World's Fair rates
are good: for this trip. Full information
at 641 Market st. MBtttBBBUBliM
VEKMOXTS ELECTION' TO-DAY.
SAN JOSE. 'Sept.' 5.— W.-H. Haynes.
cged about 60 years, was found dead
in ;bed Jn a lodging-house this after
noon. , He left a note, stating; that he
was .without further.; hope In life arid
had taken morphine to end it.'all. His
wife; from 'whom' he had separated,
died three weeks ago;*
Ascd Man • Ends His life.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 5. — There
ig no truth in the statement emanat
ing from London that Sassonef, the
murderer of Interior Minister von
Plehwe. has succeeded in escaping
from prison.
Assa«in Has Not Escaped.
Majestic.
"In the Palace of the King" contin
ues to draw well at the Majestic.
TivoU.
"The Toreador" entered upon Its
fourth week at the Tivoli last night.
CAIIS JUMP TRACK.— Oakland. Sept. 8.— -
The Ia3t two cars of the westbound Oakland
local jumped the track at about 0 o'clock to
night at the head r.t the mole switch. Th-»
passengers were shaken up considerably, but
no one was hurt. They were transferred to
the front coaches..
The Clintcs.
The musical Goolmans, who have
been pleasing Orpheum "audiences of
late, made , 'a great hit at the Chute3
last night, as did also Ralph Post and
Essie CHnton, a 1 very clever comedy
couple. Nellie Gerln, a vivacious sou
brette, was also new and scored an lm-
The Postofflce Department is always
busy . changing names, establishing,
discontinuing, moving offices, reform-
Ing their; spelling and generally. keep-
Ing them in order. ¦ For light summer
reading try the "United States, Official
Postal Guide," whose" yellow covers ap
propriately hint ; at ¦ its . Interesting con
tents.—New York Sun.
In the Philippines Masbate has been
discontinued. Equality has been es
tablished in South Carolina and a new
Bunker Hill has arisen in Tennessee.
Doeville has also sprouted in Tennes
see and there the much-sought* John
may have his home.
In Texas Hawley has been trans
formed into Blessing and an Arp has
appeared, doubtless a modest tribute to
the humorous 'gentlelnan of that pseu
donym. Virginia has a new Dot, a
Pilot and a School, but has. lost a Cool
Well and a Dell.
Correspondents who have hitherto ad
dressed foreign - letters - to -Beulah,
Llandyssil, must now, use larger en
velopes and write it Beulah, Newcastle
Emlynj Carmarthenshire. Likewise,
Llwyndafydd, New Quay, Cardigan
shire. Why has . West Llss, Hants,
been complicated into West Llss. East
Llss, Hants? And why has Tygerfon
teln, Cape Colony, been "erased from
the list?" Does the change of Vic
toria West Road to Hutchlnson indi
cate a disloyal tendency in' the col
ony?
The Postofflce Department has been
playing havoc with the old familiar
names of offices throughout the coun
try. It has been obliged to discontinue
the mall service at New York. To be
sure it Is rot the New York of the
Great White Alley whose postal facil
ities have been cut off, but a town of
somewhat smaller size In Iowa. It
has also been the unhapplness of the
people of Rock Branch in the same
commonwealth to lose their postofflce,
and the records have been transferred
to Correctionvllle. Ominous name! Let
us hope the records are straight.
In Michigan the department has
amended the name Sault de Ste. Marie
into Sault Sainte Marie and it has
established the offices of Racy and Res
cue. In Minneapolis that noble office
known for years as Proctorknott has
been shorn of its final syllable and the
famous orator is known only by his
Christian name upon the mailing lists
now. Skog Is a new name In Minne
sota, and a good one. In Mississippi
Chunkeys Station has been transform
ed into Chunky. In Oregon Needy has
been stricken from the list, arid in
Pennsylvania Arcadia has been estab
lished.
rOSTOFFICE OFFICIALS
ARE NOW VERY BUSY
"Raffles" is significant, one more
straw in. the .direction of the. unre
spectable hero. He has been long out
moded, ¦ but the Dick Turpins and
Georgie Barnwells were long the dar
lings of the people. Possibly Robin
Hood, gallant scamp, was the first to
reappear in polite society. We had
him at the Tivoli a few weeks ago.
Vilton Mr. Sothern resuscitated last
year.- But these delightful thieves had
the glamor of distance around them.
The pirate of to-day was not drama
tized from the pirate's point of view.
The colored glasses of romance were
not held up his way. But \Ve are al
tering: all that — In Columbia circles.
Even with the ladies. The Immortal
Nancy 'of '"In the Bishop's Carriage"
will soon.be seen "picking and steal
ing" for our pleasure. Worse. Ar
nold Daly promis33 Mrs. Warren an
early chance to expound her "profes
sion."",; But we have here already a
"Raffles," which is our present busi
ness.' "• J
. Perhaps . "society melodrama" best
describes the play. As every one knows
it .hinges, upon the theft of a diamond
necklace by Raffles, a man of apparent
wealth,- moving in the "best" society,
and , without seeming motive for
theft:.- .In . fact his motive is left
in the air. so far as the play goes. He
himself .'alleges "sport" as his reason,
but confesses also to an overwhelming
desire- to. steal. Kleptomania Is sug
gested'but not proved. Raffles mor
alizes; at. length upon his "soft spUt,"
as. Jo3e|ph Conrad calls it. making,
therefore,- a not altogether convincing
plea ' for sympathy. Otherwise he is
likable.^gentlemanly and in 'the end
even ttie"; detective that has run him
down-ssays .at his escape: "I'm 'glad!"
»Thaf is" what we were grinning at as
we .came* out of the Columbia last
night.' ' r, ' v .'..-r
As 'a play "Raffles" is well mad?,
talky In' parts," but with mostly a fasci
nati6nVln .the colloquies — the talk be
tween -Raffles and the detective on
crime.:for' example — that makes them
go. •It,- hao not the supreme snap,
lightning.' action, heart-stopping sus
pense* pfva. "Sherlock Holmes," but is
quite exciting enough. The love interest
again-'- Is more plausible and more an
Integral part of the play. , .
; r Mr.-Eellew has the part of Raffles, as
bsfore^sald. Like Robin Hood, Raffles
steals- 6riTy from the rich, but unlike
iRoblrt ''Hdod he steals mostly ' from his
friends. -'It Ms not therefore easy wholly
to with him. ¦ Still, in a
hunt '.'ohe'«s sympathies i run to the
hunted.-and Mr. Bellew eminently, helps
them -that! -way. It is a very suave,
playful person that he shows us, cool,
resourceful; and also quite theatrical in
makeup. .Possibly Mr. Bellew Is a lit
tle-too.theatrlcat times. ¦
I ; Perhaps,'; however, he intends to be
theatric; 'but one would forgive a keen
er " flavor- "of sincerity, say, in his first
love ¦Jjscojie."'* 1 '' r - Rather > sometimes -this
famous = Rbmeo 'seems; asking • himself.
."O.lwherefore art thou. Raffles?" These
are ¦¦ olily ; however; . the rest
is: most deft, almost .coquet
tishly , arch: villainy— if one may • call
this spade a spade.
' -E.M.'" Holland's Captain -Bedford is a
delightful foil.: -It is so excellent in that
-it r recalls' not -at all; that <other keen
The unco guid will be forced to
turp' their toes only toward the Cen
tral if they are to keep them from.be
ing stepped — stamped on. Last night
an unregenerate crowd filed out of the
Columbia, grinning its hardest at the
escape of a convicted thief. Kyrle
Bellew was the thief, yclept Raffles,
the amateur cracksman, in the play
of the name.
Capital Company Produces
v Well Constructed Draina
at the Columbia Theater
HOLLAND A GOOD FOIL
White Whittlesey was complimented
by the Alcazar audience last evening
with several recalls for his impersona
tion of Robert Emmet. It was not a
thrilling impersonation of the Irish pa
triot by any- means, possibly because
the playwright did not supply the op*
portunitles that are requisite to make
up a real star part. George Osbourne
made a more interesting role of Michael
Dwyer than Whittlesey did of Emmet.
Barring the tendency of Whittlesey to
talk about "me country" In his oration
in the courtroom when he was sentenced
to death, he was as picturesque as could
be expected. His love scenes with Eu
genie Thais Lawton were not bad, but
condensed into small compass. Miss
Lawton has little to "do in the play.
Marie Howe as the servant did her cus
tomary stunt well. The story carries
its own interest, intrigue, improbabili
ties and Innate pathos of the historical
situation, and it runs briskly along on
the diffusion plan, with little interrup
tion. There is a good stage scene rep
resenting a pass in the Wicklow Moun
tain"'. The stock company gives a very
good account of 'itself, on the whole,
but the court scene could easily b«
made less wooden.
Alcaznr.
Stars in "Baffles" and Wins
a Triumph as the Smooth
and Gentlemanlike Villain
K YRLE BELLEW
CLEVER THIEF
.Theodore* Kremer's scenic and spec
tacular , melodrama, "The Evil Men
Do," crowded the Central Theater yes
terday afternoon' and last night and
proved the most successful of all that
well-known.. play wrfght's. works. The
piece is well staged and the cast is an
unusually. large one. Two-church scenes
are very elaborate, while the scenic ef
fect of a belf ry ,in. flames, coupled with
a heroic rescue of an imperiled child by
Its mother, wins applause. Edith Coop
er as the choir boy of St. Mary's Is the
hit of the play, and Julia Blanc is next
in popularity. A score of boys cleverly
figure in the play as pupils of a private
academy, and 'a hazing incident and a
pushball game furnish a lot of hearty
amusement. Henry Shumer does some
strong work in the dual role of the
twin brothers, -and his lightning
changes are well executed. Herschel
Mayall comports himself well as a gen
tleman who is misled to doubt his
wife's fidelity and seek the divorce
court, while Ethel Clifton has the-part
of the innocent wife. Edna Ellsmerc
as the designing woman fills the bill,
and James i Corrigan makes a fine
French tutor. '
Central.
Bedford Is- a slow-spoken, haw-haw,
red-whiskered Englishman,- with a
most engaging semi-stuttery drawl.
Mr. Holland is marvelously convincing
in every phase of the character. The
cast is admirable throughout. Frank
Roberts is a capital Lord Ataiersteth,
Frank McCormack Is a delightfully un
couth Crawshay. ' The sweetheart of
Raffles is assumed with much simpli
city of charm by Clara Blandick. while
there is one c-f the most attractive in
genues ever seen here in Olive Wynd
ham. Mignon Beranger Is stunning as
the French maid. But every one helps.
The scenery Is sufficient, not dazzling.
BLAXCE PARTIXGTON".
hound of the law, Sherlock Holmes
I'nli«-tr.an Smith arrested Gallagher. Th« rris
onT h&f a membership card in the Iron Work
ers' Union.
15 VTAXTED FOR BURGLARY.— H. D.
Roop iliu "High" Roo?. w« 9 arrested lut
nicht" bv Officer Keohane and placed on th-
SJ-tinue book «t the City Prifon. He 1« wanted
at Kalarr.a. Wash., for burglary.
TRUSS THE CAUnOLIC ROUTE— Mrs. Ev
e-dintr th* mttm of Herman Eveniing:, a ehoe
niakPr' living at 736 Howard ptreet. after a
ouarrc! with her husband, who. fhe says, beat
h>r vrsterday swallowed a small quantity of
carbolic arid' with Intent to commit suicide.
Trompt medical aid. however, defeated her in
tention*.
CAH COLLISION HURTS PEOPLE.— At
? h» junction of Ashbury and Oak streets yes
t'-rday a rlessur* party wa? thrown from a
carryall by hclv.g bumped into by a Sixteenth
ureet ear. Snme of them w*>re treated at the
Park H*«pi«sl for flight injuries. The party
confined of *even— John E. Beck. hi» wife and
three children arid Mrs. C. Benson and her
daughter
KNIGHT TEMPLAR'S POCKET PICKED. —
fC. B. Stnne. a KnlRht Templar from Wln
rtmucft. Nev.. reported to the police !art
l»!«t!t that hif pnekn had b*>en picked for $50.
A wr.rr.sn named Dolly TVveud was arrested.
s- Ptnne »us;>ect* that «he is srullty. During
the last two days thirty-five cases of pocket
ri<-k:r.K have heon reported tt the police.
THROWS BEER OUkSS AT POLICEMAK.
Villiam C. Finncy was charsed with assault
wiih a deadly weapon last ni»;ht at the City
Ha!l police station by Patrolman H. C.
Thompson. Thompson went to quell a disturb,
ance in a saloon at Bryant and Converse
street, and after he had succeeded in doing
fu it i? allpRe«! that Finney threw a beer glass
at him at he was coins away.
ACCUSED OF THEFT.— William GaMasher
vtf arrested last night ard charged with an
aturnr-t to commit prand larcny. H. G.
Barkley of 9<W Oak street says that Gallapher
»ttrmrt"d to take liis watch from hl» pocket.
He tays that Gallagher had a irrip on the
ct-.ain »hni he was discovered. The alleged
crime is eaid to have occurred on Eddy street.
mediate success. Andy Lewis, the He
brew impersonator, told a lot of new
stories; Campbell and Johnson, the
comedy bicyclists, late of the Zarrow
trio, continued their amusing act, and
Mabel Lamson, the popular contralto,
sang a number of the latest illustrated
songs. The American biograph. with
many novelties in the way of moving
pictures, completed a capital pro
gramme. The amateurs promise many
surprises for Eastern visitors on Thurs
day night.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
| Other -owners' of ¦ real estate and per
sonal 'property want- un,tll to-day > to
give figures on their losses. . . •
J. Smith, owner of the three-story
flat at 631.Xatoma street, house dam
aged $600: Isaac Bainnabe and P. Gold
stein, tenants, damaged by water.
Morris L. Gross. 633 and 633'4 Na
toma street, loss on building, $1200. The
lurni|.ure of lower flat was ruined. ami
scarcely anything was saved in the
upper flat, which was occupied by J. J.
Meyers. ¦
, J. McMcnomy, loss qn_bui'dinfT at 637
and 637'/2 Natwma street/ $2000; Mrs.'
Sullivan and J. Chanz. furniture ruined
by file and water; other owners, flats
and furniture were severely damaged.
On the Howard street side the rear
of-A. T. Love's coal and wood-estab
lishment-was badly damaged and his
stable was ' entirely destroyed. > Ad-
Joining was a vacant store, which was
gutted by the flames.' -
The Niagara French Laundry at 1140
Howard street was badly damaged by
fire and water. Upstairs water did
great damage to furniture in a lodging
house owned by P., Wantz. • .
S. Larigley, a dealer in second-hand
furniture at 1138 Howard street, thinks
hoVsustalned-$2000 damage by the wet
ting of his stock: "The* furniture in Mrs.
Ferguson's lodging-house at 1136 How
ard street was deluged with water, and
her lodgers left , her. She estimates -her
damage, at $2000. Many of the lodgers
in the rooming-houses damaged by the
flre; lost practically . all their effects
either through water or fire.' ¦ ' '.
To add to the interest of the occasion.
Chief of Police Wittman came upon
the scene and made some stinging com
ments on the conduct of the depart
ment's representatives at the fire.
By fortuitous circumstances no fatal
ities occurred. Hardly a more danger
ous locality could have been selected
tor the ravages of disastrous flames.
Most of the buildings were of three
stories, built of wood and occupied by
working people. Altogether there were
seventeen needy families that lost all
their household goods, either from
water or fire. The tarpaulins ' of the
Underwriters' Patrol prevented much
1 damage, but the salvage is incohsider
! able compared to the monetary loss.
According to the best information the
t flre started in the basement of Marcus
fKruger, a bottle dealer at 1136 Howard
street. He employed Chinamen to pack
bottles in his basement. Kruger thinks
that one of the employes dropped a
cigarette in a pile of packing straw,
which was the beginning of the blaze.
From Kruger's place the fire rapidly
spread to the adjoining flats fronting
on' Howard and Natoma streets. So
great was their headway when the Fire
Department arrived that the back por
) tions of fourteen fla^s were burned to
i. charcoal. An immense amount of water
j was turned in by the Fire Department
I to stay the flames. This saved the
block and perhaps a disastrous* con
! flagration for the city, but It was bad
I for the furniture owned by the occu
[ pants of the flats.
I Before the tenants of the flats real
| ized that a fire was raging in their
homes the flames were reaching sky
ward; Women rushed into Natoma and
Howard streets, carrying' their children
in their arms and screaming for help
for their household goods.-- .
Mrs. Mills, a lodger in the second floor
of the flat at 11 38' Folsom street', tried
to Jump from the window ' of her
apartments, but was restrained by a
man who avoided notoriety for a heroic
deed by refusing to give his name. Mrs.
i Mills had been singed around the head
i and face by the flames. Little 8-year
j old Ida McMahon, left by a widowed
mother to care for an 18-month3-old
baby, grabbed her charge and walked
with her sister into the flames. Fire
men from Engine No. 8 carried the two
children back to the Howard-street exit
and safety and then resumed the work
of directing streams and treading
shaky porches.
The police arrangements for the fire
were the limit of culpability. Crowds
of unauthorized persons gathered dur
1ns the first half hour and until Ser
geant Green of the Southern Station
| arrived on the scene and took charge
of the crowd the firemen were badly
impeded in their work. Lieutenant
Colby had preceded Sergeant Green,
but he appeared unable to master the
crowd. .
Chief of Police Wittman happened
along at the right time, as usual, and
he gave Lieutenant Colby a tongue
lashing before the crowd that few men
would stand: for. He told the lieuten
ant, that he acted like -- old woman
In- officer's uniform and that he was
thojpughly incapable of handling a
crowd. Chief Wittman pointed out- that
the »flre lines had been made in such
shape as practically to cut off one half
of the effective force of jthe Fire De
| partment. Lieutenant Colby took his
I rebuke meekly and thereafter did his
best to keep the crowds under control.
During the conflagration $75,000 worth
of property was destroyed. Among the
losers are: . / . ' .
Several dramatic features 'occurred
yesterday afternoon at a fire In a block
of frame buildings bounded by Seventh,
Eighth, Howard and Natoma streets.
The block is mainly occupied by flata
and a large number, of poor people
were ruined. One woman was scorched
about the head and f acei An eight
year-old girl carried her sister mis
takenly down a flight of burning stairs
in the rear of 1136 Folsom street while
a safe exit was open from the front of
the building.
Chief of Police Wittman
Strongly Scores Subordi
nate * for His Incapacity
in Managing the Crowds
Does the reader recognize this anec
dote? Two months ago it was told
as a new story, a personal experience
to a Bostonian, who gains his bread
by. story writing. It was, new to him
and seeing possibilities in it he dressed
It in two shapes and sent one to New
York and one to London. \ His New
York editor returned the manuscript
with the footnote, "Old — had it." His
London editor, a friend in the house
of Harmsworth, wrote, "Quite sure
I've seen the horse-reins-umbrella
story." But mark the sequel:
In the same 'week, when, if it had
had good luck, the Boston version
would have appeared in a London
publication, a different version was
printed as original In the People's
Friend of Dundee, Scotland^ and a
fourth version, patched with purple
fragments of fine writing, appeared in
the Times of Cardiff, Wales.
Before either of these periodicals
could have reached this country two
other versions, presented as original,
illumintjS the pages of a Boston and a
St. Louis daily. The story had been
"In the air," as it were, over 5000 miles
of land and sea and five different writ
ers perceived It at substantially 5 the
same moment, brought it to earth, told
it in as many different ways and sever
ally congratulated .themselves on a
clever and original performance.
Writers have been doing this sort of
thing In good faith ever since the world
began. Only a year or two ago a story
of a faithful dog that ran after a stick
of dynamite and zealously fetched it to
his master was told, almost simultane
ously, by four men in as many maga
zines. The tragic-comic conception is
simple enough; very likely In essen
tials the tale dates back to Aristo
phanes, but how did it "happen ! to
occur" at the same time to the four?
May there not be something in- the
whimsical theory another literary man
propounds— that the Intensity • with
which an author dwells upon his i^ea,
before and during the period of 'exploi
tation, "impresses it on the spiritual at
mosphere," bo that the wonder would
be if "sensitive, seeking minds" did not
seize upon It? Horrid possibilities are
latent in telepathy. The day may dawn
when a man who cherishes an in
genious plot will have to surround him
self with non-conductors— cigarette
fiends, perhaps, and girls who chew,
gum.— Boston Transcript.
"Are you sure this horse is safe?"
asked the amateur driver. "Perfect
ly," answered the liveryman, ."so long
as you don't allow his ' tail to get
mixed up with the reins. Keep the
reins away from his tail and he'll be
gentle as a lamb." The 'amateur ac
cepted the assurance and drove away,
returning some hours later- in good
condition. "Well, you had no trou
ble with the horse?" the liveryman
suggested. "Not a bit," was the reply.
"There was only one little shower and
my wife held the umbrella over his
tall v/hile that lasted." -
ONE WOMAN SINGED
BY LEAPING FLAMES
THE ART: OF WORKING OFF
OLD TALES IN NEW DRESS
Man Who Was Dunned and
Friend Who Tried to Pre
vent Shooting Are Killed
The injured: George Mead. 6hot
twice in the body and will die. John
Lambert, shot through the Bhoulder
and seriously injured.
Two brothers of John Lambert who
enpaged in the fight are believed to be
wounded, but escaped to the moun
tains.
The fight started over an attempt of
Lambert, who was a clerk in a country
store at Green Shoals, to collect a long
standing account against Adams. The
men engaged in argument over the
account in the street several days ago.
Adams was with friends at the time
and after heated words struck Lam
bert who was alone. Lambert did
cot 'fight, but to-day, while with his
i*vo brothers, he came upon Adams In
company with George Mead.
The fight was renewed, all the men
being heavily armed. Brumfield was
Fhot in en * attempt to prevent the
flcht. After the death of Brumfleld
the rren not too badly wounded broke
away. John Lambert was found lying
on the mountain side. Mead Is dying
to-night. The two brothers of John
Lambert, who are wounded, escaped
to the mountains and are being hunted
bv several posses.
AL.LEN BRUMFIELD. for twenty
years a Justice of the Peace of Lin
coln County, shot through the heart
an<i Instantly killed.
WILLIAM ADAMS, shot four times
Jn the body.
HUXTINCTON, W. Va., Sept. 5.— As
a rcpuit of an atiempt to collect a long
standing bill by a clerk in a store at
Green Shoals, twenty miles south of
here on Gum River to-day, two men
vere killed, one fatally injured and
another seriously wounded, and two
niorf ir.pn. who escaped and have dis
appeared, are supposed to be wounded.
The fight may result in another bloody
f*»ud b^ing added to those already ex
tsttac In this part of the country. The
dead:
Flats and Furniture Are.
Rendered Wrecks by Aft
ernoon J*laze in Dwell
ings of ..City's- Toilers
Yesterday Secretary Shaw" viewed th«
labor parade from the Palace Hotel.
Afterward he was the guest of W. B.
Hamilton. Deputy Collector of the Port,
at the Family club. Then he was the
guest of General Stone on a three
hours' trip to the Cliff House. This
morning Secretary Shaw will see the
Templars' parade, and at noon will" go
to Berkeley, where he will be the guest
of President Benjamin Ide Wheeler. At
3:30 o'clock this afternoon he will speak
to the students of the university "at the
Harmon Gymnasium.
There was more talk,- equally favor
able to the coast, made by Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the Univer
sity of California: Fred Holman of the
Portland Commercial Club and Ad
miral Henry Glass of the. Pacific squad
ron. Admiral Glass has been In the
Asiatic ports and observed-the-oppor
tunities for the extension of American
commerce. .
But the dinner was not altogether a
national proposition. Mr. Stratton had
something to say about the business of
the port of San Francisco and the pros
perity of the Pacific slope. He dis
cussed the relations of this commercial
empire with the Orient. He set forth
that the entire imports of the United
States In 1903 aggregated $84,000,000, out
of which San Francisco had 137.000,000.
The exports of this republic, said Mr.
Stratton. in the last fiscal year were
$72,000,000, and $39,000,000 went out of
the Golden Gate. • .
The . Secretary of the Treasury was
listened to and applauded. His ideas
met with the approval of men of af
fairs, who give keen Judgment to every
thing affecting commercial and finan
cial progress. ¦ '?.+ -,
CAUGHT T»IE IJSTEXERS.
I desire to go on record as being opposed
to the Issuance of any currency that the Gov
ernment does not guarantee, and I am equally
opposed to the Government guaranteeing bank
currency without being first amply secured.
But one- fourth of 1 per cent Interest on the
currency Issued, under conditions such as I
have described, would pay the fnsurance. Any
insurance company would be glad to take the
risk at that rate. The tax on this credit cur
rency should be kept sacred to the redemp
tion of the currency of any failed bank.
The only othtr plan that seems to me at all
feasible would be permission to Issue a small
volume of heavily taxed currency ba«;d upon
bonds other than Government bonds. I am not
certain, however, that this would prove as
clastic as some of the friends of the plan con
tend It Feems to me that the banks, when
their surplus is running low. can hardly be
expected tr> purchase any kind of bonds as a
basic of circulation.
While thts weakness in our system is quite
universally recognized, there is a great diver
sity of ODinion a* to the best remedy. I am
well aware of a deep-seated prejndlce against
atset or credit currency. I. do not join in this
apprehension, however. Permit me to suggest
a plan. I do not suggest it as the only plan,
and I do not suggest it coupled with a recom
mendation that it be adopted. There may be
something better. I am simply suggesting the
desirability of adding the element of elasticity
to our system, and if it Is to be added some
plan must be devised. This Is one: Suppose
the national banks are granted permltaion to
Issue a certain volume of currency, either
based upon the capital of the bank or upon the
amount of bond secured currency, and are
charged not less than 5 per cent interest dur
ing the time this currency Is out. Certainly
the currency will spring into existence when
ever money Is scarce, and if the banks are
compelled to pay 5 Der cent • Interest thereon
they will retire It as soon as the pinch Is over.
It can be retired by a deposit of an equal vol
ume of money at any of the subtreasurle*. It
will not be necessary t<> redeem each individual
bill. The volume of money would be contract
ed by the deposit as well as by the actual de
struction of the bank bills issued. The Gov
ernment can afford to guarantee the redemp
tion of this credit currency. The Interest
charged would vastly more than cover all pos
sible less.
This %iuch I have said preliminary to the
suggestion of a possible Improvement. Our
rurrency system Is not elastic. I By elasticity
I do not mean an elastic dollar, but an elastic
volume of dollars. In practice there Is a
slight elasticity In our system, but it works
adversely to our need, Whenever the reserve
In the banks runs low there Is an Induce
ment to retire circulation for the purpo.«e of
Belling the bonds, thus increasing the reserve.
Whenever rates of interest are high it Is un
profitable to maintain national bank circula
tion. Therefore, when money Is scarce there
is another Inducement to Its retirement. Cer
tainly, banks whose reserve has run low will
rot exhaust thin reserve In the purchase of
Government bonds as a basis of circulation
which Is not available as reserve. Therefore,
when money is scarce and interest ratrs high
there is a tendency to contract national bank
circulation. 'Whenever money Is plenty and a
drug on the market there is an Inducement to
increase circulation, for under such conditions
national bank circulation is maintained at a
profit. , -
The farme r needs mere grain sacks at har
vest time than in seeding time, and it Is
equally true that the country needs more
money In harvest time than In seeding time.
Here on the coast the farmer retires his. grain
sacks when he disposes of hi* crop: but the.
banks ara unable to contract their medlurn of
exchange witlj . the disposition of the crop.
Railroads retire their unneeded medium of ex
change, freight cars, during the growing sea
eon by placing them on sidetracks. If a
freight car could be reissued as cheaply aa a
bank note the railroads would burn their cars
in the spring and rebuild in the fall. Banks
might retire their unneeded money during the
summer, but there is no Inducement so to
do. 'As a result, during the summer money
reeks Investment at very low rates of Interest
and when needed in the fall It is occupied.' .
REMEDIES NOT APPARENT.
In speaking to the business men 6f
the West Mr. Shaw was not backward
in setting forth his ideas of finance.
His address follows: ?
In every line of builnees equipment Is of
prime Importance. The United States nan
taken first * place In the commercial world
and I believe it has the best financial sys
tem In the world. I am not here to eay that
cur financial system Is perfect, but as neither
political p»rty Is proposing any change In
the frystrm I thlnk.it will not be deemed in
appropriate if I express the opinion that It
is the best system, all in all, in existence.
First, it is stable. Every dollar Is actually
exchangeable for gold. It is true that we nave
over $300,000,000 of straight flat money, but
it is expressly redeemable In gold, and a gold
reserve of $150,000,000 ia especially set asidu
fcr this purpose. It is true that the metallic
value of our silver Is more than $300,000,000
lees than its current value, but it Is made
the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
maintain the parity of all forms of money
coined or issued by the Government. This can
mean nothing else than that silver at least,
if not Bthrar certificates, are to be redeemed
in sold whenever presented.- The national
bank note is redeemable In lawful money and
secured by a deposit of Government bonds.
We therefore have the largest volume of cir
culating medium in the world, and its re
demption or exchangeability for gold practi
cally guaranteed by the Government. So safe
and secure is cur system at every point that
no one thinks of examining the character of
the money that may b* tendered. He only
Inquires as to Us genuineness, if genuine
he knows that It is as good as gold.
At a dinner tendered to Hon.' Leslie
M. Shaw last night in the quarters of
the Pacific-Union . Club there were
gathered seventy-four representatives
of San Francisco's highest financial
and commercial institutions, regardless
of politics. The feast was tendered by
the Commercial Club and the invita
tions were non-partisan and directed to
those most interested in hearing the
views of the Secretary of the National
Treasury. Frank J. Symmes presided.
F. S. Stratton, Collector of the Port,
was the head and front of the affair,
and he did himself proud in setting
forth the proper place of San Francisco
in the commerce of the Far East. ..'¦:.:¦¦
rality of 31,000 (given to Stickney for
Governor in, 1900) to a flsrure* which
would indicate a significant , gain in
Democratic strength and as pointing
to a national Democratic victory. A
Republican plurality under 25,000
would be regarded by the Democrats
as a victory. The Republican leaders
expect at least 25,000.
FOUR PERSONS WOUNDED
Bloody Figlit Follows an
Attempt of Ck'rk to Col
lect Bill Liiig Overdue
TWO ARE SLAIN
IN STREET DUEL
NON-PARTISAN FINANCIERS
LISTEN TO SECRETARY SHAW
At Dinner Tendered L*st Evening to Distinguished Cabi
net Officer Ideas Are Exchanged Regarding the
Banking and Commercial Interests of tlW Pac.fic Coast
FIRE ROBS
MANY POOR
OF HOMES
IHli SAN i-kAi\ClSUJ CALL, TUESDAY. SliKLKMBER 6, 1904.
3
i^'JLUwJ
¦jl|||| || ' Our Special
fJaBp $3.00 Hat
'¦$%$$£&%$ These hats are the same in
;ji; '¦.'•'.ip5ip material, workmanship and style
r T JJ||||r as the hat of famous makers,
¦'S for which exclusive dealers have
."' tvC^V^^M:-- agencies. Hats containing the
'' " il KS a^^ ;^* rnakers' names cost you $4.00 or
• '^^iif^ $ 5 - 00 - You pay $3.00 for the hat
¦¦ : "\^M0- and $2.00. for the maker's name.
¦;.' V S'^" R-ally, the label isn't worth it.
; *. W' '¦'.:"&¦ ':'r If you want a hat for the wear
you'can' : get out of it and are not particular for some
welf-known maker's label you will find our $3.00
-¦'hatstpeffectly. satisfactory.
Evefy i .;on.e.i$;gu.aranteed — ,^^ .
:i nevv.one.free if the first
They come in stiff and wii^^jjj^^^'^i
soft sh-pe5, in all the pop- j I
Spec-al for Wedne-diy and Thurs-
.... * •-".».•-. . • f •*£*£i££xiT&^- ' V^'V'T
Out-of-town 'orders filled- write us. V^'^l^VS^^^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H This Cap Label M
la a guarantee of the purity Eg
r * and richness of our |^
H Brand Jf
H Evaporated M
fl ©ream m
W 33,000 revsrd I»
B to anyone able to prove sB
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
tor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
* - : * ADVERTISEMENTS. ' '', ''.-,- ..-'--'-'
m ' ' '^^? > Tt- )p\ . 1
j^pfe^"'^) To sweeten, Dispels colds and. I
Iliiill >*" 'M To refresh, / headaches when I
• IB^^^S To cleanse the I bilious or con-
||r mS^^M \ Effectually - : I For men, women
'.fj| M^^Siy )cmd Gently; \ and children; I
|% 1-I^A^ There .is only \ Acts best on j
JSP fel^^ f one -Genuine 0 the kidneys 8
¦ Syrup^of-Figs; 1 and liver 1
l^^pwS^II to get its : bene» 1 stomach and J
|j| \ f ficiol effects bowels; I
Always buy the- genuine— Manufactured by the I
|g| LoxifevSUe, Ky SMVrmncisco,Cal. HewYorKHX. I
¦¦hfi- The. genuine Syrup of Fijps is for sale by all first-class druggists. The m
t(: c foil name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co.— is always fl
I 1 ' printed on the front of every package* Price Fifty Cents per bottle. AToilers Assemble With
Their Families at
Chutes.,,
LABOR DAY IS FITTINGLY HONORED BY TWO GREAT ORGANIZATIONS
.FEATURES OF THB BIO PARADE OF*. UNIONS AFFILIATED WITH TUB BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL. AND SOME OF THE
ELOQUENT SPEAKERS WHO YESTERDAY VOICED THB SENTIMENTS OF LABOR FROM ROSTRUM3 AT SHELL
*', ' MOUND PARK AND IN THB CHUTES THEATER. .
Workmen, in- Procession Give Ringing Cheers for Templars as
.the-SiriKnfghtsi^asst on Their Black Horses.
STOCKTON, Sept 5l— A creditable
parade, following which there was a
picnic^ and games . at Eintracht Park,
is the way organized labor,~under the
auspices of. the Building Trades Coun
cil, celebrated Labor "day in this city.
A~. L. Cowell, editor. of the Mail and
ex-president of the Federated Trades,
delivered the oration. Several hun-
I^abor Day in Stockton.
larg#..attendance.-:.An interesting fea
ture, was a baseball" 1 game' between
teams ; the Council of
Federated Trades . and . the Building
Trades : Council, in which the Feder
ated Trades won by a score of 7 to 2.
¦ Players were compelled to show
their union cards before they were al
lowed -to play. It ¦ was a successful
celebration. There was 'no parade.
back,'?.: /'Cripple i~ Greek <- Is -< still in
Ameriea," shipping mines" and
!^We don't' hire salaried agitators"
were carried: -¦ City "officials, the fire
¦company, and local, militiavparticipat
ed. It is said to be the first- time the
militia everVmarched in a Labor day
parade. • . ". — vl : :'.
, After parading in Cripple Creek the
laborers took trains' to .Victor and re
peated the parade there,
LIVELY DAY r - AT. SACRAMENTO.
Union? Hold a Grand Picnic and Have
. l Merry Time. .
SACRAMENTO, Sept, 5.— Labor day
was celebrated .by organized labor of
Sacramento to-day by an outdoor pic
nic, with>games and dancing, at Oak
Park, near this city. There was a
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Sept 5.—
Labor day was observed "herewith a
parade of fully 3000 - Independent
workmen carrying banners expressive
of their attitude in the late labor trou
bles. It was the first time in the his
tory of the camp. that tho union men
failed to parade and- probably; the'
first ¦ observance ¦ of ': Labor day ; by
strictly non-union men in America. '
Banners reading "."They can't : come
Labor Day Celebrated by Independent
Workmen In Cripple Creek.
NON-UNION MEN IN LINE.
Princely Letters in India.
In India a letter sent to a native
Prince is often a very elaborate affair.
The paper Is specially made for the ;
purpose and is springled with gold leafJ
Only the last few lines of the somewhat
lengthy document contain the purport
of the letter, .white the remainder is
made up of ,th*e usual roundabout, and
complimentary phrases. • It is folded In
a peculiar, way; with the flaps outward,
and placed An a muslin bag, and this
latter into one '. of : crimson and , gold
tint, with a slip knot of gold thread, at
tached ¦ to which Is ' a ponderous seal.
The address, written on a slip of parch
ment, is attached to . the outside bag.
These details are very important for
polite letter writing In India, and if
any one of them were- omitted it would
be an. insult to the person addressed.-^
New York Tribune.
- LECTURE OX GENESIS.— W. 'R. "Newell of
tb* Moody Bible Institute. Chicago - will lee
lure en Geaes's at the Toung Men's Cbrlstiaa
Association botldtas: • this evealfiff aad Thurs
ixy eve&lng at S o'clock. •
Senegal to Niger by Rail.
United States Consul Peter' Strick
land at Goree-Dakar reports: The last
rail has been laid oh the road which
now connects the river Senegal with
the Niger. Trains on schedule time will
soon be running over it When this
road i3 in operation a vast region with
great resources for development. will be
open for those who are well situated to
profit thereby. Unfortunately, for lack
of steamers engaged in the foreign
trade, Americans cannot be considered
among these. . French steamers of 1500
tons now— hr the rainy season and for
some time after— can ascend the Sene
gal with their cargoes as far as Kayes
(about 1 600 * miles as the river runs),
whence there Is a railroad in operation
to Bafoulabe, on ; the same river. The
extension 'of this": line through a dis
trict which produces , rubber, and gold
and - Is" good for the . cultivation of cot
ton and tobacco is" truly an important
event, especially when It is remembered
that In the near future the whole dis
tance from ' Dakar, to* the Niger will be
covered _-by rail^-New York Commer
cial.
ORDERS OPrDM JOINTS TO CLOSE— The
Chinese Educational Society last eight cr
dered all the opium joints la Chinatown to
close. They rent their bad man. Loul Poy
around with tbe instructions. Police were on
hand to prevent any trouble, as it was ex
pected.
The San Francisco PhGo Celtio So
ciety, will give a literary entertainment
and a dance at the Knights cf the Red
Branch Hall on September 10. The so
ciety has engaged the best available
amateur talent for the occasion. The
committee In charge has already been
assured of a full house.
Philo Celtic Entertainment.
Until October ; 13 the Southern Pacific will
sell round trip tickets to Tosemite Valley
from Saa Francisco for $43 5a This Includes
Pullman accommodations both ways, tide ride
to the Mariposa Grove (the greatest of th«
California big trees), twelve meals and three
nights' lodgings at hotels and carriage drives
to Mirror Lake. Vernal Falls, Nevada Falls
and Glacier Point TicSeis good for return
until October. IS. Those wno desire to stay
longer thaa the. schedule time may do so by
paying the special hotel rate of S3 a day. An
exceptionally flae chance to visit the most
wonderful valley In the world.- Ask about It
at Southern Pacific office. 61S Market «t- . •
ern Pacific.
Reduced Round .Trip Rates by. South-
YOSEMITE VAIiLEY.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 5. — Labor day
was auspiciously celebrated In this
city by the labor hosts and the en
joyment waa continued until a late
hour to-night The ' pavilion at Grace
Bros.' park' was crowded all after
noon and evening with dancers.
Seven hundred men participated in
the parade this morning. James M.
Donahue, a member of the Engineers'
Union and of the Common Council,
was grand marshal of the parade. He
was assisted by James Brown. W. L.
Dubols and Henry Hoyt.
Parade Line.
Seven Hundred Union Men Are in the
AMUSEMENTS AT SANTA ROSA.
"Scenic Treasures of California," a
beautiful souvenir book of California, for
75 cents; others for less and some for
more. Orange, redwood and other good
souvenir novelties at lowest prices. San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street, •
California Souvenir*.
The companies interested in the es
tablishment of a line of steamships be
tween Canada and Mexico by way of
the West Indies have decided to peti
tion the Dominion Government to place
a small duty on all products from Brit
ish possessions into Canada by way of
any? foreign country. The object Is to
secure for dominion ports the Canadian
trade of the British West Indies. In
terested parties are convinced that the
success of the Canada-Mexican line
will depend r entirely on getting this
trade. There Is a small duty on coffee
that is: brought into Canada by way. of
the United States, and the desire is
that the same rate of duty be placed on
bananas, oranges and sugar. — New
York Commercial.
New Steamship Line.
Two quietly dressed and 'in appear
ance modest women pickpockets arg
operating among the Knights Templar
visitors. The police have been fur
nished ? with a good description of
them and Captain Martin's men ara
making a vigorous effort to locate &n<l :
arrest them. H. C. Shaw, a Knight
.from Stockton, - lost $30 to one of th9
light-fingered women. Other losses
have been reported to the police.
Shaw and his wife were riding on a
crowded McAllister-street can. Mrs.
Shaw noticed a woman crowd against
Shaw; saw her pass something to a
woman companion, and saw both
women then get off the car. A few
minutes later Shaw discovered that hi3
wallet, containing 130. had been
taken from his hip pocket.
Female Thieves Otx^ratc
Summary Justice Is Meted Out to
Colored Man in State of
Arkansas.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Sept. 5.— A spe
cial to the Gazette from Crossett, Ark.,
states that . a negro who attacked' two
white girls on Saturday night was
taken from the Jail yesterday and
lynched about three miles from Cros
sett.
NEGRO WHO ATTACKED
WHITE GIRLS IiYNCHED
CORPS HEADQUARTERS,GAINES
VILLE, Va.. Sept. 6.— Orders foJLa'rush
to positions were given In bothyangu
ver camps exactly at mldnight-to-nlgnt.
The blue "army, under General Grant,
was put under way to attack the brown
army, under General Bell. The orders
of General Bell sent his forces toward
his adversary at double-quick." It is his
desire to reach a position near the cen
ter of. the maneuver field and stop the
attacking forces, whose duty It is to
force a passage through Thoroughfare
Gap.
Careful estimates of these marches
indicate that a daybreak a collision be
tween the opposing forces will take
place somewhere near Groveton, a
memorable spot in the Bull Run bat
tles. From this first,collision the brown
army can fall, back. If necessary, to
successive positions toward Thorough
fare. - . .- - .
Over Fields Made. Famous in Civil
¦ War Soldiers Will Indhlge - In
' Mimic Warfare. ~> : • .v\ "
BROWNS MAKE READY
TO REPULSE THE ' BliUES
WHITE EARTH. Minn., Sept 5.—Jo
seph Woodberry HoIe-in-the-Day, son
of the distinguished Chlppewa chieftain
Hole-in-the-Day of the Chippewa na
tion of Minnesota, is dead, aged 45
years. His eldest son, Clarence Wood
berry# who lives in San Francisco, will
ultimately succeed to the title and
chieftainship.
Denth of Son of the Tribe's Ruler
"Makes a Californian Heir
Presumptive.
SAX FRANCISCAN MAY
BECOME CIIIPPEWA CHIEF
No Parade in Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 5. — The labor
unions of Sacramento observed Labor
day with a celebration at Oak Park.
There was no parade. Business houses
were closed during the day. The
unions engaged in various games and
this afternoon orations were delivered
by citizens of the city.
One of the greatest throngs that ever
entered the doors of the Palace Hotel
filled the great court of the hostelry
to oyerflowing last night, the occasion
being the several receptions given
there. The streets outside the hotel
were blockaded and the great court in
side and the corridors can only be de
scribed as a moving mass of humanity.
where the plumes of the Knights stood
out in contrast against the brilliant
gowns of the ladies. Hundreds who
wished to make their way into the
marble and maple rooms where the re
ception by the Pennsylvania coinman
deries was held turned back rather
than edge, their way through tha
throngs.
Those who. had the fortitude to re
main in line were amply rewarded. Tha
marble and maple rooms "were elabor
ately decorated, the various insignia cf
the order predominating. Everything
possible was done to make the guests
comfortable. Inside the spacious rooms
many old ties of friendship were re
newed and many a Knight clasped
hands with fellow members of the or
der whom he had not seen for years,
while in the corridors souvenir badges
were exchanged. *
Pennsylvania Commanderies.
Thousands of Knights Entertained by
RECEPTIONS AT THE PAiACE.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 5. — Labor
day. was celebrated here by the local
unions with a monster Dicnic at
Schuetzen Park, the proceeds to go
toward the fund for building a tem
ple of labor. A wedding was cele
brated at noon between a union bride
and groom at the park.
Unions Picnic at Los Angeles.
dred,men, representing a dozen or more
unions, appeare'd In the parade."
In the evening the members of the
Labor Council enjoyed the vaudeville
show In the theater. Though the night
was a trifle chilly hundreds remained
until the show was over. Then dancing
in the upper floor of the pavilion con
cluded what the council unanimously
votes "the pleasantest Labor day that
they have ever known."
Society i« on organism and Its ran* are*
constantly assuming new relations that bring
to the foreground new duties. There Is a
charge made against the trade unionists which
no fane man would attempt to deny — that their
mistakes have been grievous and many, and
because they have made mistakes there is a
sentiment expressed by some unthinking per
sons that the trades unions should be, de
stroyed. Shall they be discarded because they
have erred? Shall they be disrupted becau&e
they an not perfect? If this be the pro
gramme of Eociety no form of human organt
zaiun could remain Intact — cay, not an ln
dlridual could survive the application and
operation cf this rule. ¦ The honest man in
society will not advocate the destruction of
the workers' organizations because of recog
nized errors. Aa well attempt to destroy the
church organizations cr the honorable pro
fession of law because all Christians are not
kind and all lawyers not honest. There are
acknowledged evils in the system of popular
government under which we live, and for this
should wa strive to cause the .downfall of the
republic?
The labor question is the question of the
hour. As every lake, every river and every
pool reflects the light of the sun, so do we
find the reflection of the labor movement in
every newspaper, in the speech of every, states
man and in the sermon from every pulpit.
This widespread discussion and publicity
makes possible the progress of the people . and
advances the Interests of industrial justice. As
every American citizen reveres the memory of
tho Pilgrim fathers and those who laid the
foundations of this Government, so do' thosa
who have an Intimate knowledge of the labor
movement held dear In memory those who
were foremost in bringing about these labor
crganizations, wlJoh mean eo much for . the
workers and for the social advancement of
cur people. With the progress of their ¦ work
and a Just appreciation of their powers and
opportunities, the ends sought by the trades
unions will be accomplished with wisdom aad
diligence. It Is the hope of the members of
the trades unions and* of all reasonable citi
zens of this republic that the hour may not
be long deferred when happiness, will be a
synonym of prosperity , and when wealth Is
recognized oaly fcr the good It can and doea
accomplish.
SOME MISTAKES MADE.
The most Interesting thing In connection
with the trades union Is the study of Its ef
fects and the marklne of its results In rela
tion to the people of this country. There are a
great many otherwise wise men and women
who look upon the trades union movement as a
very new thing. ; As a matter of fact." the prin
ciples which underlie the trades uplon move
ment <a» well a« the forminsr of workers Into
organizations) bear the marks of remote an
tiquity. In reality the only new thing in re
gard to the workingmen and their organiza
tions of to-day is that they are confronted with
a new set of antasonlsts, well equipped to
carry on a vigorous opposition to the desires
of the producers.
Is there a fair-minded person in any quarter
of the globe who questions that "the working
people have solid grounds for claiming: better
conditions?" Is there a person who believes
the end sought by the trades organization has
been accomullebed? The ethics of our people
generally a*ree with our economic conditions.
Where eoierty Is present we seek (without
hope for disappointment) for vice, crime and
iniquity: where ©overt y is in civilization to
day there morality is least likely to be found.
So long as the evils exist of which the trade
unionists comolaic so long will poverty exist,
and while it exists the trade unionists will not
have completed their work. '
g
Andrew Furusethof the City ; Front
Federation .upheld the dignity of labor
in a well worded speech. Theftf, was
enthusiastic applause at the conclusion
of his address. ¦ - .*¦ • * ..." J»
Q. B. Benhanx. made the address of
the day. He said in part:
The management of the Chutes turn
ed over that place to the San Francisco
Labor Council yesterday. Members of
that bodv. their relatives and friends,
filled the place with a- record -.breaking
cjsvyd. . .* .... - - - ¦¦•¦¦¦ ' ' •
•^iWhen the chairman-OMa»»jday, ; J. • Q.
Walsh, arose to open/ tba r meeting: .the
pavilion in the Ctfutes * grounds" was
crowded to the doors. . Ringing cheers
reeted- the speaker. . - -s irK-K*V?a
LABOR COUNCIL'S OUTING
lgnorar.ee and falsehood; more honesty and sin
cerity, les* cunine and duplicity; more reason
and sense, less prejudice and passion; a nobler,
and better life to all the throbbing, suffering,
miserable humanity, whether confined In hut or
palace. These are our greetings and our
wishes from the bottom of our hearts to every
human soul that is languishing In the tem
porary Journey through 'our present vale of
tears.
Those in the party are: Mrs. John
L. Mitchell. Miss Janet Mitchell. Miss
Harriet Mitchell, the Misses Madj^
and Wilhelmina Martin of New York
City. Sherbun M. Becker, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry G. Langhoff, Judge Paul M.
Carpenter, Philip Toungr. Mitchell
Mackle, W. M. Wllkins, Mrs. L. M.
Newcome of Houghton. Mich.; A. L.
Baker, R. E. Niedo and A. R. Minuse
of Marinette; Louis Auer and Julius
Frank.
Just before the train pulled out Miss
Janet Mitchell, who will christen the
cruiser, was presented with a large
bouquet of American Beauties and
also received a large bundle of roses
from the local committee.
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 5. — The scora
of Mihvaukeeans that make up tha
launching party for tha christening on
Saturday of the cruiser Milwaukee,
which will be witnessed by many
Knights Templar, left Milwaukee at
4:20 o'clock thi3 afternoon amid a
waving of handkerchiefs and a chorus
of good wishes from the people as
sembled at the station to see them off.
CO3IIXG TO CHRISTEN* CRUISER,
Party on the Way to Attend IJannch
1ns of the Milwaukee.
OCaXlo&al T^iuru* > ! (American T.e«gue.)
Club— W. U. Tct.l Club— W. L. Pet.
New York.. KT :c .731 FVwton TS 45 .<U9
Chicago 74 4fi .<U7lNew York ..71 44 .017
Tittsburg ...US 4S .SSO Chicago «» U .."S73
Cincinnati ..OS U .$11 : Thiladrlphla 04 4S .571
St Loms. ..€2CC1 .>** Cleveland ..fit M .»7
Boston 44 77 ...M Pt Louis... 47 «7 .412
ttrocklyn ...4t 7S .345 Detroit 47 OS .403
Philadelphia 55 ts5 .'J32 Washington £S v< .239
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. F<rt. 5 —Nearly 30,000 persons
wltnefwfl the douliJe-h^sder between New York
and Dostnn tf>-<Jay. The locals won both
games. Attendance. C7.S00. Score f.ret frame:
R. H. E.
Nrw York 6 P 2
13ostoa 1 8 1
Batteries— Matthewson and Bowerman; Wll
.' • ::¦. and Needaam.
Second nm« — R. II. E.
Nrw York 4 11 4
Boston S 7 3
Hatti-rie* — Amr* and Warner; SMU inter and
Needham. Vniplr* — Mr..:-..
rHILAPELTlUA. Sept. 5 — Brooklyn and
Philadelphia split even. Scores:
First tame— R. II. E.
Hrookly n 4 S 3
J*hlla<Jo!ph'.m 5 10 O
rtatterirs — Scar.lan and Rltter: Corrldon and
'. • >.¦ Vrr.pirrs— Emslle and Carpenter.-
P^eoni game — It. u. e.
Brooklyn 3 8 2
Philadelphia 2 0 4
natterta-s — Joae« and Hitler; Frater and
Kcth. I'mplrrs — Emslie and Carpenter.
rrTTSnURG. Bert- 5.— The l#ds and Pirate*
divided honors to-day. i?cor**:
First game— R. H. E.
rittsburg , i « i
Cincinnati O 4 l
Pilterirs— Lynch and Phelps; Ewlng and
IVitz. Vxrplre — Johnston.
Second game— r. h. e.
IV.tsburjr X « 4
Cincinnati 5. jo l
Batteries— Flaherty and Phelps; liahn.
6chlel and Peits. Crr.rlre — Johnsione.
FT. LOriS. Sept. 9>.— Lundpren. In the «w»c.
end game, hrld the local tram safe and Chi
cago won easily. Attendance 5<00. Scores:
First game— r. H. e
ft. Louis 1 7 3
Chicago 3 g 4
Batteries— Taylnr aad McLean; Briggs and
Kltng. Vcipire — Zlmrner.
Sececd game — R. H E
Ft. Louts 2 4 3
Chicago 4 jo ' |
Battertr*— Nichols and Zetrfoss; Lundgren
and O'Neill, fmpire— Zimmtr.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 3— New York and Phila
delphia broke evea in to-day's double-header
Attendance. 24.400. Scores:
First gasM — R. h e
Philadelphia l" 4* •
New York 2 8 3
Batteries— Osakiey and Noonan; Cheshro and
Klrlnow.
Second g*»e — R. H. E
Phl'.adrirfcja 7 12 «
New Ycrk 2 3 1
Batteries — Wadde!!. Bender and Schreck-
Powell, darkson and Kleinow.
rETROlT. Sert. 3— Chicago won both
Farces to-day before one cf the largest crowds
tfcat erer rath»TPd at Besne:t Park. Attead
coice. 10.000 Scores:
First game— r, |j. r
IVtroit 2 9 1
Chicago 5 9 ©
- *>"¦>»« •¦ and Drill; AUrock and
MrFarlaad.
SecoEd game— r. h e
r>^"Lrxjlt o S 3
Chlcaro •.. 4 5 1
Batteries— MuUia ar.d Be\1Ile; White and
Sullivaa. - .- „.
BOSTON. Sept. 5.— Hard bitting by the
borne tranr gave them a doub!e-header \t
tendaK«>. 24. 000. Scores: • l
First same— ; R . H E
i^*V c . a s " o
Washington S 9 4
DanerieawGibsoa aad Crlger: Woire. Ja
cohsen aad Clark. i
Second laiiip - ... *'ri_" - n *~ t*
Bctra £ ,*£• E :
Washlagtea » 5 JJ *j
Kl^rrt^e!*~ Wl " ler * 3<l rarT * :i: Uu *^« «ad
CLB\-ELANI>. S<-rt. 3 —Cleveland cutbatteJ
St Lculs a=d won the first game "but tht
ciex^iaad « •
et. i-ouu ::::, ; *
Ba.uerie>— Hesa ana Bcmls; p*ity and OCoa.
cor.
Sesead gaiae— RHP
Cleveland a "• %
st Louia ;; 5 ,i ji
Batteries— Dcaohue aad Buelow; Glade and
GIANTS CAPTURE DOCBLK
HEADER FROM KEAXKATEnS
Oor greeting to-day to the world is good win
to all and malice toward none: more licht and
runshla* la the home« of mankind, less dark
est* aad cold; more knowledge aod truth, leas
Following are excerpts from the
speech of O. A. Tveitmoe, secretary of
the San Francisco Building Trades
Council:
Labor day. the cae day ta the year censa
crated to those who by their dally toll carry
the .world onward la its great march of elrtli
satlrn — the rrea:est living force — intelugeat
labor. To-day Is oar day. labcr'a day/ whea
all the busy wheels of industry .from ahep and
factory to the** gulled by the akilled hand
that rattes the most magnificent moausenu
cf modem elrulzatioa. ax# at rest.
It mar reasonably b« supposed that it waa
In order to compel him to use a&d develop his
•.r.tv'Jirrnc*. the one faculty that distinguishes
him (rest the. rest of creatica. that the decree
wai made that he should obtain his living
through work.
I do not want to contend that organized la
bor believes exactly In the re-establishment cf
the garden of Eden, wbea labor shall no longer
be necessary. The conditions that gorern hu
taaa existence clearly demonstrate that there
Is no such a state aa absolute i&dependeace.
In aa industrial tense labor la dependent en
capital, a&d capital ~ Is dependent en labor
The. result of this is that neither can produce
wbat It needs to satisfy its wants, for. without
united action, it would prove a failure.
When man was girted with knowledge — that
la. with a bra:n — he learned that he waa not
like the beast of th« field that went up and
down the earth devouring what came In his
path. H« found that h« 'must lire by the
sweat of kla brow.
In the afternoon special boats bore
thousands of the men of the San Fran
cisco Building Trades Council to Shell
Mound Park. There they were joined
by members of the Alameda County
Building Trades Council.
Dancing, races and speeches made
the afternoon a cycle of excitement
and. enthusiasm. In a well- worded
speech President P. J.» McCarthy of
the San Francisco council opened the
literary exercises. J. B. Bowen of the
Alameda County Council made the ad
dress of the day. The other speakers
were: John E. McDougald, O". A.
Tveitmoe and Congressman E. J.
Livernash.
The workingmen*s families were
out in full force.- Such a friendly
spirit reigned that the entire aggre
gation seemed one. large family.
John E. McDougald said in part:
ncxic at shell, mound.
Mlllmen's Union No. 423 had 600 members
In hue: Mlllwrichts*. Local No. TOG. SO men;
Millznen. No. 422. 500 men. The Amalgamated
Society of Carpenters and Joiners No. S» bad
400 men. flanking a float representing a Doric
arch.
The Wood Carvers and Shlnglers' Union
completed the dlrlsloa.
As the Labor parade wound east
ward on the return march down
Market street a mounted commandery
of Knights Templar passed it. As the
Sir Knights rode by the members of
the unions lifted their hats and
cheered the visitors heartily.
The third division oX tha parade formed on
Pixth «-treet. F. P. Nicholas was grand mar
shal. In that division the" great force of car
penters marched, l^ocal Union No. 22 having
1Ti>> men in line. Union No. 4S3 had (£0 men
and No. 93 had 1-5 men.
Tha second division of the parade formed rn
Fifth Mreet. with A. Fawke as crand rr.ur
ehal. In thin section uere Plasterers' Union
No. 66, 400 men; Bricklayers' Union Xo. 7, 200
men: Ilodcarricrs' Union, &0O men; Granite.
Marble and Stone Worker** Unions, 400 men!
faster* and Modelers' Union No. 1, 40 men;
Brick and Tile Workers, &S men; Til* and Mo
saic Workers, 200 men.
The Sheet Metal Workers. Local 270, 90 men;
Amalgamated Sheet Metal Workers No. 164.
300 men; Gas and Electric Fixture Hangers. C5
men; Brass Finishers, 150 men; Electric Work
er;. 1m) men; Tent and Awning Makers, 100
men.
Following the guard of honor rode
Grand Marshal McCarthy and his aids.
Behind him marched the thousands of
sturdy toilers that form the Building
Trades Council.
The following unions were In line:
THOUSANDS IN PARADE.
The two great , labor organizations,
the Building Trades Council and the
San Francisco Labor Council, cele
brated Labor day yesterday with all
the pomp and enthusiasm befitting the
occasion.
The Building Trades Council parad
ed in full force in the morning, and in
the afternoon- thronged Shell Mound
Park In company with the Building
Trades Council of Alameda.
The San Francisco Labor. Council
cheered their brethren" of the building
trades as they tramped along the
streets. In the afternoon the unions
affiliated with the Labor Council held
literary exercises at the Chutes. In
the evening they> watched the vaude
ville show and after that the floor was
cleared for dancing.
It was a great day for organized la
bor. The thousands ' who toil with
their hands crowded the streets and
sidewalks. All wore some insignia de
noting their trade. .
The parade of the Building Trades
Council wound from Fourth and Mar
ket streets far up Van Ness avenue.
The tardy arrival of the council's
float delayed the procession, which
was to have started at 9, until 10.
•The float represented the three
stages of a building in the course of
construction. On it were seated rep
resentatives from every union affiliat
ed with the organization. Another
float that excited considerable admir
ation was the model battleship built
by the Ship-builders' and Boiler-mak».
ers' Union. It was so. large .^that? a
heavy truck was required to carry it.'
On the miniature man-of-war was a
crew of little sailors composed of the
children of the builders.
A mounted guard of honor headed
the procession. The guard was made
up of the following: M. Collins. A.
E. Fields, M. J. Kirwan. J. M. Decker,
W. A. Griflln, Felix Scheerer, C. P.
St. John, E. J. Deaver, J. A. de Vec
mon. Eugene Clancy and Ralph Mc-
Laren.
Union Men March in
an Extensive
Parade.
Chicago wheat prices are abnormal
and the usual proportion between
Liverpool and Chicago prices has been
obliterated. Liverpool prices no longer
govern the Chicago market, with the re
sult that with existing rates fixed by
shipowners of England, France and
Germany, dealers cannot afford to sell
wheat for export at present and the In
terior markets of this country fix the
prices that the growers of the Colum
bia basin receive for their product.
The combination of sailing shipown
ers above referred to. has fixed a rate
t*t TTs 6d from Portland and 26s 3d from
Tacoma. Friday export wheat. The
rat© was made last year 15s to 17s 6d.
Mom than 4.000,000 bushels of wheat
INvn In tha Columbia basin Is con
tracted for delivery during September,
October. *»'ovember and December at
Chicago and other Eastern points. Un
less th» present prevailing conditions
of th» wheat market and rates fixed
by shipowner* on export business
chanr* very materially, practically ail
of tha wheat grown In the Northwest
in excess of th« mill demand of this
region will find Its market by rail ship
ment to Chicairo and other points.
PORTLAND. Sept -5.— The Telegram
BtJfW
At the opening of the congress Bell
read a letter from the American Feder
ation, of Labor, claiming that the uni
versal solidarity of labor must result
In universal peace and brotherhood. D.
Ryan and D. Drlscoll represent tha
American Federation of Labor.
I/EEDS. England. Sept. 5.— Tie thir
ty-seventh annual Trades Union Con
gress opened here to-day under th»
presidency of Richard Bell, M. P., gen
eral secretary of the Amalgamated So
ciety of Railway Servants and chair
man of the preliminary committee of
the Trades Union Congress. Nearly
five hundred delegates, representing 3
million and a half of working people,
wero present.
Politicians ar» much Interested la
tha discussion of the congress on a reso
lution regarding preliminary represen
tation, which will be Introduced by th«
Boilermakers' and Iron-Ship Builders-
Union. The resolution follows:
That this congrta* Is «troasly of th« opliEoa
that tha tlm» has arrived for all trad* union
ists to ba represented at th» Trades Union
Conerees and upon th« labor representation
commute* In order that tha forces of trad*
unionism can becoraa more closely combined
for political action, to remedy tha Injustices
labor Is now suffering from. L . '_-
Politicians Display Great In
terest in the Proceedings
of Men Who Toil for Bread
Fixing of the Prices by
the Interior Markets Re
dounds to Growers' Good
AMERICA. REPRESENTED
BULK IS FOE CHICAGO
Delegates Gather at Leeds
to Discuss Questions of Im
portance to Workingmen
3lore Than Four Million
Bushels in the Northwest
to Bo Shipped Away
WHEAT GOING
TO THE EAST
TRADES UNIONS
HOLD CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER. 6, 1904.
4
ADVOmSEMEXTS.
host"
Bitters
When . prominent t physicians freely
prescribe the Bitters for Poor Appe-
tite, Sour Stomach, Liver Com-
plaints, Sleeplessness, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia and Malarial Fever, yoa
can m«ke no mistake in trying a
bottle. It always cures, as hundreds
bavc testified. Try it
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN INACTIVE UVER
A CONSTIPATION HEADACHE
soon set right by j
BEECHAM'^ Pii It
TO SET YOUR LIVER WORKING RIGHT [
Jfof^S, tel ? JfP^f"*? u yo« are to get any comfort from life or
nourishment from food. A torpid liver can be a very danseroS ?
condition and 1 should not be f neglected. Fewmedidnes tSU |
thoroughly, pfomptly and safely as Beecham'^tpflls. * They are
" ¦ : - .", vigorous but mfld, and cause no or nausea.
TO BE RIO OF CONSTIPATION
Kf2l % noremedy quite as good as Beecham's Fills, not only to !
¦5S2Sfc2£?'? d <*! t**?^ and be rid of thfcS
sequent discomforts formerly theirs by use of BEECHAM'S PILLS.
____^_Sold Everywhere In Boxes. I Oc. and 25cContinued on Page 1 3, ColuiniT 6.
Should any mounted commanderles other
than those heretofore-assigned signify their In
tention of .' parading .as . such they will bo
formed as the thirteenth grand .division.. v
Seventh— The route of,' parade .la -from ''the
comer of Geary and Kearny streets,. on Kearny
to Pine. •¦ on Pine to Montgomery, on Mont
gomery to M'arket. 1 .• on 'Market to .* Van " Ness
avenue, on '• tho east side. of Vah.Nesa avenue
to Washington '^street.- countermarch on the
west side' of Van 2iJP 9 avenue..--, - .
Eighth— Order ofT&rade: The distances be
tween, subdivisions will be as follows: i Be
tweeii grand division*, 40 paces; between com
manderle»." 10 races. > Bands are considered a
part ofa Templar or^anUatlon and distances
floured accordingly. ' Distance ' must be maln-
Vilncd, ¦ and If lost - the: chief , of. the grand
division .will t cause >. the >ame , to J be, regained
durlnga halt. • If a cnJcf of a gfamf division
finds it Impossible to regain; lost distance he
Twelfth Grand Division — Forms on Grant
r. venue, - north of Geary, street, head of ; dlvl
s'.dTi on Geary street. . E. Sir Hudson B. Gillls,
frranrl oenlur ' wafden of ¦'. California, chief ' of
division; Sir Knight Edwin A. Forbes, chief
of staff. Aids (commapderlcs subordinate • to
the ' Grand - Commandery of - California)—Oro
vllle, Nevada, MaryBvtUe. Chico, Red Bluff.
WatBonville,' CoiusS;" Mt. Shasta, Santa Ana,
Southern California. -Santa Rosa, Mt.- Olivet,
Ukiah. Napa,' % Vaca%ille, Eakersfleld, Long
Beach. •: ¦ " "¦ ¦ ¦". .
T\yELFTI€ GRAND DiyiSION.
Eleventh Grand Division — Forms en Grant
avenue, south cf Geary-street; head of division
on Geary .street, . rear of division deflected on
O'Farrell street w/. s st."E.. Sir Joseph 0. Camp
ball, chief of divlrion: Sir Knigkt Samuel .r.
Hendy. chief -of staff. -Aids (commanderies
Fulxirdinate to the Grand x Commandery * of
California)— Naval, ".. Ventura, Woodland, >^t.
Uernard. San ; IJicgo.' Visnlla. San - Luis Obispo,
Ilivert'Ide. F"resao; St. Omar, Pasadena, Eu
reka, LnsEcn. ¦ • ¦ . .- .
ELEVENTH GRAND DIVISION.
Tenth Grand Division— Forms on : Stockton
street, north of Geary,' head of division on
Geary street.- E. Sir -William i D. Stephens,
grand junior warden of California, chief ofdi
viaion; Sir Knight PeYry Weidner, chief of
staff. Aids. (ccmmanderJes subordinate to the
Grand Commandery. -of California ) — Loa An
gekjs, San Jesc, Oakland. , • •
"trest, roiith of Geary, head of division on
Geary street. E.', Sir -Thomas B. Hall, chief
of division; Sir KnJght John W. Guthrlo, cKlet
of staff. Aids (commanderles subordinate to
the Grand Commandery of California) — Sacra
mento, Pacific. . El Dorado, Stockton.
TENTH GRAND DIVISION.
RECEPTIOX AT THE PALACE AND
WOMEN THAT WERE PROMI- ':
KENT AT f T;HE FUNCTION.
Ninth Grand Division— Forms on Stockton
Elfrhth Grand Division — Forms on Powell
siren, north of Geary street, head of division
on Geary street. XI. E. Sir J. W. Chamberlain,
l>ast ¦ grrand commander of/- Minnesota," chief of
division: R. E. Sir BentonH.- Lanslej*.' chief of
fstaff. . ASds— The following grand command
rrlcs'and their subordinate commanderlea: Ore
gon. Washington, Wyoming. Montana. North
Dakota." Arizona. Florida; Indian .Territory.
District of Columbia. Oklahoma. New. Mexico.
NINTH GRAND DIVISION.
EIGHTH GRAND DIVISION.
Seventh Grand Division — Forms on Powell
street, -south of Geary street, head of division
on Geary street. E. Sir John H. , Leathers,
chief of division; Sir Knight Ernest McPher
sen. chief of staff. Aids— The following grand
commanderles and their subordinate command
eries: < Iowa. Minnesota.. Kanaas, Maryland,
Nebraska, Arkansas, West Virginia, Colorado,
North Carolina, South Dakota.-." .•;
SEVENTH GRAND DIVISION.
Sixth Grand Division — Fcrma rn Maroa s'r»et.
north of Geary,, head of division on Geary
frtreet. R. 12. IXionzo S. Wlldertnan, grand
cr^mniander of Iliincin. chief of " division: - V.
E. George Edwin Ohara. chief of eta ff. Aids
Ttofi foilowins grand commanderles and their
subordinate oommanderiec: Indiana, T^xps,
MisriMippi. Michigan. Illinois, Tennessee, 'Wis
consin, Xew Jersey, Georgia, Missouri, Ala
bama. Louisiana. ,
SIXTH, GRAND DIVISION.
Firth ttrend Division — Forms en Mason
Ftreet «=outh of Geary street, ahead of division
on Geary strrct. H. K. Sir Wilson I. F]»minE:,
errand coirmander of Pennsylvania, 'chief of
division: E. Sir Frank McSparsen, t'hief cf
st?fi*. 'Aid — The Gtand Commandery of.Tenn
sylvania and subordinate comnianderies.
FIFTH GRAXD DIVISION.
. Fourth Orar.d Division — Forms on Taylor
Ftr,cet. north of Oaryj hrad of tHvt«ion on
U«ary street. R. >". Sir Thcnins Kit?, grpnd
<ommar.'Ur -of Ohio, chief of division: E. Sir
John Nelson I'.^ll, chief of staff. 'Aid* — The
.follcwinf; grand comnonndcrlc^ antl their cub
ordlnate commanderles: Ohio. Kentucky,
Elaine subordinate cc!:iman<ierl(« • under the
Grand Encampment of the United Stater.
FOURTH GRAND DIVISION
Third Grand Division — Forms on ¦ Taylor
street, south of Geary, hend cf division on
Geary street. R. E. Sir Harrison Dingmun,
part wand commander of District of Colum
bia, effief of .division; H. E. Sir C. C. Ryland.
rhipf of Aids— The follcwliijc • grar>d
c^Bmandffries and their subordinate ; ccm
manderles: Xew Tor':, Virginia, Vermoni,
New Hampshire; Connecticut.
THIRD GRAND DIVISION.
Second Gsand Division — Form* on Jones
ftreet. north of Geary, head of division on
Geary street. IS. E. Sir Freeman" C. Hersey,
grand commander of Massachusetts and Rhode
Island,, chief of division; Sir Frederick E.
Pierce, chief of stalf. Aids — The Krand com
mandery of Massachusetts and Rhode Is'.and
and subordinate commanderies.
SECOND GRAND DIVISION.
to the Grand Er.campment; 'members of the
Grand Encampment and visitors from other
gracd jurisdictions In carriages.
.At the opening performance last
evening, the big theater was packed
with the strangers within the city's
gates. The interest they manifested
ihthe curtain-raiser, a melodrama
dealing with a brace of true lovers, a
scheming, heavy father,: a group of
banditti and the inevitable wise judge,
\vas intense. £ The fighting, of which
there was . a great deal, won thun
derous plaudits, and even when the
action dragged — which it frequently
did— there was* 'a running patter, of
handclaps. When the curtain came—
after.the dough-faced heroine, a gen
tleman of wondrous dexterity with a
spear, had killed all the objectionable
personages— there was a recall Uiat
fairly shook the "house, and all. the
pi incipal players bowed low in
acknowledgment of the unwonted tri
bute to their' art.
When the curtain rose again, after
an; overture by ! union musicians, the
women of the audience uttered a pro
lenged admiring "O-o-h!" -.For there
stood about twoYdozen-little 'maidens
from the. Chinese Public School, attired
in thejvari-colored garb of, their race;
and, under", the Invisible prompting of
their teacher, Miss A. C. Griffith, they;
sang- pretty little, songs • In ../_¦ English;
They., came the boy pupi^-^more of
them . than -.there . was . stageroom . f or
when 1 they .stood ,' in single ' file— andj
marshaled;' .by . Professor. ; George S.
Miehling, they, performed calisthenics
and played ; school 'games. After that
all the boys and:glrls assembled and
scng ". "America," ; , and the - audience
stood up while, they..." sang .-it. • *'•
-Another -'drama rounded, out. the
evening's, entertainment and. to the un
initated ; ; it .was so very ; much like its
prftdecessor" In dialogue : and ' action
that only a*- favored few. relished it as
it probably nierited.
To the , v \-islting Knight- or ladye
who seeks novelty the Grand Opera
house of&us something that they can
rat find anywhere else in America —
a Chinese theater without an atmos
phere laden with punk fumes. For
the nonce the stage that has been
strutted by Caucasia's greatest dra
matic and musical artists is in pos
session ¦ of a company of mummers
from the Celestial quarter, and they
have transformed it into an exact fac
simile of the stage they left behind
them.: The garish costumery, the
tinseled props, the tympanum-rending
instrumental' accompaniment — all In
evidence. ' ' '":;••*
Celestial Actors
Delight Many
Visitors.
MORNING.
Grand Templar parade, start
ing from the corner of Geary,
Market and Kearny streets at 10
o'clock.
AFTERNOON.
Opening of the triennial ses
sion of the Grand Kncampment
at Golden Gate Hall, 025 Sutter
street. •
Reception by Oakland Com
raandcry No. 11 nt Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason Mreet.
EVENING.
Kcreptiou to grand master at
Palace Hotel.
Promenade concert In the
nave of ihe Ferry building, foot
«;f Market street. 8 until 12.
Clifncsc plaj- at the Grand
Opera-house, 8:15 to 10:15
o'ciociu
Ilcreptlon liy Sacramento
foniniundery No. 2 at Pioneer
I fall. Fourth street, near Mar-
Iteceptlon l>v San Jose Com
mander) No. 10 nt Mechanics'
Patilio;:.
Reception by Oakland Com
mandtry No. 1 1 at Native Sons'*
* Jliill- 111 Ma.-on street.
. Ilerffitlo!! l>.v fiolden Gate
('omnutRdry No. 10 at Golden
iCmie Hail.
ItecepUon I>>- Pitlsbitrg Com
ruandcry No. 1 vT Pitl*bur£. Pa.,
•to sir Knights and ladles of San
I rancisco nnd visiting fraters
anil Unir ladirs nt Ihc com
iiuinUer;,- headquarters. Palace
Hotel. fi*mi 8 imtfl 12 o'clock.
Inhibition drill and band
'¦oticxTl by Malta Commandery
<lr:!l «-or:>K. Binjrhnniton, N. Y.,
!n front of the Palace Hotel,
Market nnd New Montgomery
ttreets.
OlH"n air concert In Union
*qu:m-. Geary, Post, Stockton
n-*>d Pout II Ktrccts, from 8 until
II o'dosiz.
Kccepiion, Maple Room, Pal
ace Hotel, Los Ansclcs Com
inanderj.
PROGRAMME
OF EVENTS
FOR TO-DAY
Chief of Staff Is
• .sues Final
Orders.
The Los Angeles Knights Templar
made the pilgrimage to San Francisco
in a special train of ten Pullman sleep
ers, that left the Arcade depot Sunday.
The train was resewed for the Sir
Knights and their families, but so
unanimous was the desire of the Los
Angeles members to participate in the
festivities incident to the Triennfal
Conclave that their special train could
not accommodate all who desired to
come. The members who could not ob
tain accommodations on the train have
come on the regular trains, some of
them several days ago, and If a poll
were taken of the Los Angeles members
in San Francisco it would reveal the
presence of fully 80 per cent of the total
membership In that city.
I A committee has been left at home to
look after belated Eastern command
eries, of '¦ which there are a number due
to pass through Los Angeles to-day.
They will 'stay In Los Angeles only a
few hours, however, and later most of
the members of the committee will go
north.
' Every train that left Los Angeles
yesterday was run in two or, three sec
tions' ; and there were several special
trains besides. Since last Wednesday
the Los Angeles members have been !
entertain Itig visiting Knights and at j
no .time, has the Masonic Temple .been :
closed. - This entertainment v/ill be con- i
tinued after the conclave, for It Is ex
pected ' that several thousand . i Sir
Knights: who reached Ean Francisco
by northern routes wiir visit Southern^
California on their way home.
.Elaborate ,¦¦, preparations ~ have been
made' for the reception the Los Anee-'
The escorts of Knights from the sev
eral local commanderles and the Grand
Commandery of California have been
the recipients ,of praise , for their fine
appearance. Oakland Commandery No.
11, which has been doing its share of
the escort work,. is proud of the com
mendation bestowed upon it as being
one of the crack infantry escort compa
nies of the conclave. Its services be
gan Saturday and will, end this morn
ing. The members forming this escort
company leave their homes at 5:30 a.
m., the company crosses the bay from
Oakland to San Francisco on the first
boat and remairis on duty until the
last commandery has been properly
taken care of.
"While thousands of the city's visitors
filled the sidewalks yesterday and over
flowed into the streets, commanderies
from all parts of the country still
poured their numbers into San Fran
cisco. All morning the trains were ar
riving, parties of visiting Knights were
being taken in charge by the escorts,
their baggage looked to and all their
needs answered.
Yesterday morning a special train on
the Union Pacific pulled in with six
Pullman cars filled with the Nebraska
Grand Commandery, under charge of
Assistant General Passenger Agent
Garrett Ford. Among the officers of the
commandery were Grand Command
er William J. Turner, Deputy Grand,
Commander Carroll D. Evans. Grand*
Captain General E. W. Beghtol, acting
Grand. Generalissimo Oscar Allen and
Past Grand Commanders F. E. White,
Charles B. Finch, G. W. LJnneger and
Hensy Gibbln. The headquarters of the
commandery is at the Occidental Hotel.
WORK OF ESCORTS.
Thousands of Sir Knights will parade
through the city's streets to-day, form
ing a striking and brilliant pageant.
The following order regarding forma
tion, route and conduct of the parade
has been issued. It Is signed by Com
mander Charles L. Field and George D.
Clark, chief of staff:
First — Th« Temtlar column, acting as escort
to the Grand Uncampment of the United
States on the occasion of the twenty-ninth
Triennial Conclave, vrtll be formsd, and the
rarade and review at that time conducted, ac
cording to tiose orders:
fc«rcci:d — Mounted officers are: The commander
of the parade and staff, chief* of divisions and
i>tafTs. officers of crand commanderies, mem
beis or the mei>tal department and such
Otben at. are hereinafter provided. Ail
mounted officers, except visiting Sir Knlguts.
will irocure their horses ana equipments.
Kadaie cloths with insiznia. of rank will be
furnished at headquarters.
Aid* ii cm the staff of the commander of
the parade will be detailed to report to each
chi'.f of a grand division prior to the parade.
In order to give him the necessary Information
and assist in forming the srand division.
Staffs, if numbers permit, will ride in col
umn of sections.
No other mounted Knights, except mounted
comraanderits, will b* permitted In the col
umn.
Ali officers having command of grand divis
ions will report to the' commander of the
parade at tU? eerliert practicable moment.
Oth'-r commanding officers will report to their
chtefs as socn es such officers arrive in the
city.
TWrd — The Grcnd Encampment: Members
of the Grand EJipampment not having special
command or detail will report to the grand
captain general of the Grand Encampment or
the United States, V. E. Fir William B.
Mulish, and parade with the Grand Encamp
ment.
Fourth — Formation: Corr.manderlfs. grand
and fiibordinete, will be formed in grand di«- !
vixtous. according to jurisdiction, and take rank
by date of charter. In order to extend the
r-ropfi noorU-sy to cur visiting fraters, the
commandtrle.* of the Jurisdiction, of California,
except California Commander? Xo. I and
Golden G;ite No. 16, v.ill form In fou,r grand
dlvisins ar.<l take lost at the left of the line
or rrrr cf Cbe column.
Fifth — Foiir.ation or Brand divisions: . Com
manUerifs marchlnc to take position in grand
divisions hi!!! i. \<>i.J crossing Market streit
frum Third, CT I'ourth etreem, but march to
their r.c«iiitns by Ellis, O'I'arrell. • Poet, or
Suttrr streets, and £trr*-tK crossing the same.
Gran<l divisions will be fcrmtd on their
i.ar»<;o grounds in cotaaro .of thr:cB. closed at i
I.ror*r distr.ncff. tbfi heads of division* rc«ttnp !
en G^ary street. rea«Jy to ¦ move forward en j
Hocn .-is ib? r.'ar cf ifce pracedinx divisirn has '
I i?.w*d. ' . i
j ("hi'-:* of srortd division* vpjll se« that th?Ir |
iconnrianij are crran!::ed nrd ready to march i
at ti-»> p.tutr time. If a division cannot tnov« I
nt ;h- ft^colateU time. It must los* tts jjIhc-c |
1 iv Column BDd cicrc-h in the i fear of a foilo>vlr.g1
! sran<i CivUAoU. ¦ '
j CfclSfa or pt«flr will immediately report the i
j formal. : c:i ot their crnnrl -\i\ i.xions to the chiefs
I r.r staff of tbfl leramanOer of the paradf. E. i
! Sir G^crsc I». C"l;:rk. Orderlies will be detailed t
i to cany amail b-.nu«cn.r.i sruldors at the head j
! of their division*; tl:f guidons, will display
I' th-: numl'- or the division.
ORDER Or FORMATION.
Mounted prA'ce — Forms on Geary stre-t, west
! cf . HotvelJ, Sir Knit hi Gecrge VT. Wlltman,
<Thief of I'oMc* 1 . coratnandinir. Corr.mandor of
tl.e i.H:aO- — C Sir C!iarj«s L.-F"i«:ld. grand
I raptain General of California. Chief of staff—
I ]•;. Kir Georffe »>. Cl*rk. Aids — rFonn on
C*at >Nstrf ct. west cf Mason street. '
; FIRST GKAXD DIVISION*.
Flrrt Grand Division — Forma 'on Jones
stre-tt fouth of Geaiy. head of division on
Geary street.'. . . C E.Sir Frank William Si:m
n»r pa*t (rraro commander of California, chief
of division; E. Sir Jesse ¦ IJ. Fuller, chief of
kUIT. Aids — California Commandery X 0 I 1
" (mounted), E. Sir Charles ¦ M. Plum, com
l.isndir, a« special escort to the srrnnd master.
Of ttcers and membtrs of the Grand Enccmp
ment and visitors from other prand Jurisdic
tions, under command of V. B. Sir \V. B.
Melish, grand captain sreneral. In the follow
ing order: First carriage — lion Eminent Sir
Henri' Bates StoddanJ." srand master of - the
Grand r^icampment of Knights Templar cf the
• United States of. America: 'Most -Eminent, the
Farl of Euston, grand ¦ master - of -the Great
Priory of England and Wales. Second rar- j
ilaf:«r — It. E. Sir Gtorge- Majheir ¦ Houltcn. I
deputy grand master of the Grand Encamp
ment: V E. Charles F. Matier, K. C. T., great
vice chancellor of the Great Priory: other
officers of the Grand Encampment in car
riages; Golden Gat« Commandesy No. 16. E.
Sir P. V. Cole, commander, as special escort
Several Thousand
Pilgrims Come
to Town.
Big Parade Will
Cover Many
Blocks.
Jinks at Press Club.
On Thursday evening there will be
a reception and Jinks given at the
Press Club in honor of the visiting
newspaper men. Special cards to the
club for conclave week are being is
sued by C. H. Wilson of the Knighu
Templar press committee to all ac
credited journalists and to these the
privileges of the club will be extended
during their stay In the city. The
club management has prepared a
splendid programme for the guests on
Thursday night. Besides an orchestra
there will be plenty of vocal and in
strumental solos. There will be fea
tures in variety, drawn from club and
theatrical talent.
les Commandery will give at the Palace
Hotel this evening. For distribution
at this reception a carload of souvenirs
was sent ahead of the commandery. It
is proposed to make the affair one of
the features of the week and the San
Francisco members have promised to
lend every assistance toward making it
a success.
Los Angeles Commandery No. 9 has
headquarters at Hotel Clarendon.
Rooms at the Grand are ocoupied by
members of Drill Corps No. L Drill
Corps No. 2 and the Knights who are
not members of the corps have rooms
both at the Clarendon and the Cum
min.era. Drill Corps No. 1 will be com
manded by Brigadier General Robert
Wankowskl, commander of the First
Brigade, N. G. C. In accordance with
the rule that applies to all California
members the two drill teams from Los
Angeles will not compete for prizes,
which will be open only to competition
by visiting commanderies. The evolu
tions of the Los Angeles teams on the
drill grounds will therefore be only ex
hibition drills.
The ladies of tha Eastern Star will
have charge of the Los Angeles head
quarters at all hotels where Los Ange
les members are quartered and will
keep open bouse throughout tha coo
clave. v
The De Witt Clinton Commandery
No. 1 arrived yesterday from Virginia
City. Nev., and occupied quarters at
the California Hotel. It will hold
open house at the hotel from to-day
until Thursday and will cordially wel
come visitors. To-morrow has been
set aside as a special ladles' day.
One of the novel features at head
quarters Is a handsomely bound book,
with cover of hand wrought silver,
studded with silver nails, and a gold
en knight with a crimson cross as a
background. This was made by
Shreve. At the conclusion of the con
clave scenes and incidents of tho
week will be reproduced In the vol
ume and the complete work will be
sent to England In the keeping of the
English grand master, the Earl of
Euston. to be presented to King Ed
ward.
The old members of all Minnesota
commanderles ' presented a beautiful
American flajr to. the Grand Com
mandery of Minnesota at its head
quarters yesterday at tho Palace Ho
teL In response to the cordial pre
sentation speech Grand Commander
G. W. Buck mada a pleasant speech
of acceptance. Among others In the
party are B. P. Sanborn. deputy
grand commander, and Will Hayes
Laird, grand captain general. Mrs.
Charles N. MacKlouth of San Jose,
a cousin of Captain Richmond Pear
son Hobson. was among those In the
room.
The Tennessee headquarters at the
Palace was thronged with invited
guests, who were cordially received
by Grand Recorder John G. Garrett.
The Tennesseeans have come to the
conclave in large numbers, and the
hotel corridors were thronged with
wearers of the commandery'a badges.
Among the party were Grand Com
mander A. M. Sloan. Grand Captain
General H. R. Brown and Past Grand
Commander John W. Bailey.
At the main headquarters In the
Bishop building the crowds of visitors
thronged in and out all day long.
Many wore the badges of the various
commanderles, some of the emblems
being very attractive. A brisk trade
sprang up between holders of dupli
cate badges, and in all the deals tha
commanderies' badges were at a pre
mium.
Parlor of Palace
Hotel Scene
of Gayety.
Chief TVittman issued orders yester
day instructing all police officers de
tailed aJenr the line of march of the
KoJsfeti Templar parade this morning
:,, .«," to it that no advertising wagons
prt in the parade or follow it in the
rrnr. OfTicers must also prevent all
persons from swinging or hanging on
the wire rope line* as the constant
¦ s;rain on the rope is causing it to
break frequently.
+
Police Orders for Parade.
Among t!ie smartly trowned guests
Tvcre Mrs. William *C. Hugrnson. Mrs.
California Newton. Mrs. George Gra
ham, M'..«s Anita GcnssJez. Mrs. P. D.
Code. Mrs. Peel, Mrs. George Leibold
an* Mr?. Eda Gonzalez.
Eminent Sir P. B. Flint, on behalf
cf the ladies, bade the guests a cheery
we! corse, and he was followed later by
Rei^tcr Perkins, who etched with a fine
point same of the big things California
has to boast of, drawing the first laugh
d the hour by telling of a sequoia —
*u?t a wee. little one — that had fallen a
;>w years a^o which furnished dancing
space for thirty- two couples — and the
slory escaped v.-ithout challenge.
It was interesting to note that the
*'cJSrr.atp" was not elaborately dilated
upon, thnnlcs to the inrolJing fog.
Sir Knijrht Samuel Shortridge glow
hesty pictured the gallant Knights
rfrawjns their swords 5n the cause of
riprht and justice, and primarily in the
defense of fair women, and he became
eloquent over the privilege it would be
to serve the l>enutiful women before
him. adding that he was perfectly safe
la nfferins his services, as his wife was
ir<>t "with him.
Punch of various colors and strengths
v.as served in lavish fashion, scooped
out watermelons serving as punch
b<->\v!s.
Never before la «J1 their gray career
¦were the roby reception-rooms of the
Palace Hotel so glad as last night, when
the rccmbers of the ladies' triennial
committee vcern hostesses to the brave
Ksishts and their fair women.
Palms beckoned to cool retreata, gay
tiger Hlies and orchids flamed forth
from a hundred cooks, strands of gray
preen hops draped the arches and the
Stars and Striiwa gleamed from every
ualL
By a garlanded arch flanged by
orcMds and palms the receiving party
rtood. offering a true "Western -welcome
tx> mare <*»«*« a, thousand guests. In the
lino cf stunningly gowned women were
Mrs. J. W. Burnham, chairman, of the
ccanalttee; Mrs. Thomas Morftew, Mrs.
P. B. Flint. Mrs. John Merrill. Mrs. A.
"W. Scott. Mrs. F. D. Marsh. Mrs. D. W.
Hctt and others, affording Senator Per
kins and Sir Knight Samuel Shortridge
the motif for some mighty fine oratory.
Among- ths receiving party were Mrs.
Bcrcham, Mrs. Merrill, Mrs. Morflew
and Mrs. Flint, -who held the same po
rtions In the receiving line at the his
toric conclave of *83. and many were
the reminiscences that were recounted
last sight of that famous affair.
From under the palms came the dul
cet voices of the Hawaiian quintet, giv
icg the- following plaintive airs of their
native land — "the land of our brothers."
said Senator Perkins:
IstroCnctJaa. £Iske« 'a Hawaiian halm).
<»i Arciect Tencaa lv;ka-:xk«.. Ob) Modem
Trr.srtz: Ma via ulu. <-) A Toagaa hysia.
S-inc. "Tcf» i:ai I>!tni" ia. Pa mean fare-
WtBL
'k'.ur «olo Hawaiian medley, "Keirokn."
HaTraiJaja <Jart. "Ma Like No a, LJke."
Inrjs "Aloha. O" (farewell to thee).
'"Mr Hocolaru Girl." a ragtime bula. pre
¦eE'.ed Jor tha flrrt tiico In ttSs country.
States Welcome
Friends on
Arrival.
Delegations Hold
Receptions at
Palace.
Knights and Fair
Women Gather
as Hosts.
PREPARATIONS COMPLETE FOR GREAT PAGEANT SCHEDULED FOR TO-DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,^ /TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER; 6.-1904.
¦ m ¦
sir Knlgbta and Visitors
FhouH r<H fall to see the beautiful decora
tion« et Andrews' Diamcnd Palace £21 Mont
f>n»ry etr«"et. •
5
DR. PIERCE'S TTBTMKIH tTJt- .
HOW TO WIN A HUSBAND.
Woman's sphere in this aoth century is
not limited any more than is man's. She
can occupy almost any business position
or profession, and yet the popular view cf
womanhood is that she best fits the posi-
tion of wife and mother and head of tho
household. Every girl should know her
heart and also know that her womanly
system is equal to the strain of marriajre.
If a girt is nervous and irritable ten chances
to one it is due to some trouble peculiar to
womanhood.
Cupid has bo place in a girl's, heart if
she is nervous and irritable, feels dragged
down, worn out for no reason that she can
think cf. The weak back, dizzy spells and
black circles about the eyes are only symp-
toms. Go to the source of the trouble and
correct the irregularity. Stop the drains
en the womanly system- ana the other
symptoms will ' disappear. This can be
done easily rod ' intelligently. So sore of
it is the World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, the proprietors of Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription,* that . they offer $500
reward for women who cannot be cured of
leucorrhea, female weakness, prolapsus, or
falling of the womb. All they ask is a fair
and reasonable trial of their means of cure.
"Your 'Favorite Prescription' cored me of
ulceration aad inflammation, from which I suf-
fered for many years," writes Mrs. Oelpoia
Wheaton, President Santa Barbara Lawn Ten-
nis Club, Arlington Hotel, Santa Barbara. Calif.
"Health was completely broken down when I
began its use and I was in dreadful pain mast
of the time, but ten bottles cured me."
"Favorite Prescription" makes weak'.
women strong, sick womn welL Accept
no substitute for the medicine which works
wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the most
desirable laxative for delicate women.SATS TILL. WAS RIFLED.— Oakland. S«pt.
5,—P. Eccncnmakls. 801 Washington street!
complained to the police to-day that $13 was
atolcn from his cash drawer last night.
WILL DISCUSS TAX RATE. — Alameda,
Sept. 5. — At the meeting of the , City Trustees
to be held Wednesday night it Is expected that
the - matter of determining- what the next tax
levy !s to be will b« discussed. " The various
municipal deoartmenta will be requested to
submit the estimates of the funds th?y will re
rff vr» for the ensuing fiscal year.
LAD ACCCSED OF BURGLARY.— Oakland
gept. 5.— Arthur Scloman. a lad cf 13 years!
was tiroucfct from Haywards to-day, ch&rsed
with burrlary. because he atol« some marbles
and two Mexican 5-cent pieces from the store
of Mrs. Lake tn that town. " *
OAKLAND, Sept. 5. — Lincoln Jack
son, 11 years old, son of Dr. H. R.
Jackson, residing at 1114 San Pablo
avenue, fell under a San Pablo-avenue
electric car at Eleventh street and
Broadway this aXternon. sustaining a
bad crushing of the * right foot. The
Injury was treated at the Receiving
Hospital by Dr. O. D. Bamllo*
Boy Hurt by Electric Car.
DEATH WAS ACCIDENTAL. — Alaska.
S*pt. 3. — Funeral s*rvlc«a for th« late Arnold
Mavnard Lewis, who waa killed by a Hsht
switch enclne at Mortoa-stre«i station Satur
day afternoon, were h*ld this afternoon at a
local undertaking parlor. latennent was in
Mountain Vi«w Cenwterr. An Inquest was h*Sd
In tr.» cane this evening and a verdict or acci
dental death was returned.
Dr. Alfred Emerson, lecturer on
classical archeology at the Univer
sity of California, last evening gave
an interesting talk at the Academy of
Sciences u*?on the marbles In- the
Phoebe A. Hearst collection. The lec
ture was - Illustrated with lantern
slides. Dr. Emerson said that the
investigators "of ancient . art were not
yet prepared to challenge the sight
seeing public, but he hoped to live to
see a three-story building at the Uni
versity of California in which ancient
and modern sculpture would be truly
shown. .
Lectures on Sculptures.
UKIAH, Sept. 5. — Northern Mendo
cino was visited by the most severe
storm in Its history Sa'turday. Build
ings on the American Land and Live
stock Company's ranch were all de
stroyed, barns being torn down and
ranchhouses being dismantled. For
ests In the path of the cyclone were
uprooted and . trees were carried for
long distances. The path of the cy
clone was about 1500 feet wide and
several miles long. Grass was com
pletely- beaten off ranges and washed
away. Hall stones as large as eggs
fell to a depth of several inches. What
cattle were not killed are being driv
en to Sonoma County, as it will be ab
solutely Impossible to winter them on
this range. The ranch of the Ameri
can Land and Livestock Company is
located near Cummings, this county,
and comprises several thousand acres
of mountain land.
Wind, Rain and Hall Do Much Dam
age to Stock and
Crops.
NORTHERN 31ENDOCINO
SWEPT BY BIG STORM
The fourteenth annual meeting of
the Unitarian Club, held last night in
the banquet room of the Merchants*
Club, was distinguished as "Stanford
night." Out of the 140 guests who
sat about the board thirty were mem
bers of the Stanford faculty, with
President David Starr Jordan at the'r
head. An election was held and Alex
ander G. Eells was chosen to succeed
Louis Lisser as president.
President Jordan was the first
speaker and he talked unon Oriental
affairs. He said that it wa.i a fore
gone conclusion that Ja?an would
whin Russia in the war now pending
and he gave a rare summary of his
own personal experiences and inves
tigations in Japan which caused him
to prejudge their purposes and power.
Other addresses were made by
Professors William F. Durand and
William C. Dennis, with supplement
ary talks by Professors Marx, Abbott,
Stillman and Dunway.
David Starr Jordan Telia Unitarian
Club of Ills Personal Estimate of
Little Brown Men.
DEMOCRAT SAYS BAUD
IS HIS SECOND CHOICE
SANl DIEGO. Sept 5. — The Demo
cratic County Convention to-day nomi
nated E. A. Wells of San Diego and
D. D. Lawrence of Imperial for the
Assembly, and W. J. Prout. W. L.
Llewellyn and James A. Jasper for the
Board of Supervisors. There was a
fight made on I. I. Irwin, the present
chairman of the county central com
mittee, but he won out by a vote of
97 to 44.
Lawrence when called before the
convention declared that if elected he
would first support William E.
Smythe for the United States Senate,
but If convinced that a Democrat
could not be elected he would cast his
vote for Thomas R. Bard.
FOREGONE CONCLUSION THAT
JAPS WOULD WHIP SLAVS
Campaign Committee^ — George Hogg,
J. J. Padrick, A. G, Santfleben. F. N.
Brierley, E. B. Helfenstein. B. F. Burk
nart, J. J. Patton and L. H. Edmiston.
The following officers were nomin
ated. Presidential Electors at large —
H. C. Tuck and Joseph Lawrence;
First District. L. E. Leonard; Second.
J. G. Hurst: Third. • Thomas Booth;
Fourth, O. Selfert; Fifth, Carl Bracher;
Sixth. G. S. ¦ Brower; Seventh. W. A.
Corey; Eighth. G. W. Woodbey.
Representatives in Congress— First
District, A. J. Gaylord, Glenn County:
Second, J. H. Wilde, Tolo County;
Third, M. Lesser. Oakland: Fourth,
William E. Costley, San Francisco;
Fifth, Frank R. Whitney, San Fran
cisco; Sixth. J. L. Cc-bb. Dos Palos;
Seventh. F. I. Wheat. Los Angeles;
Eighth, N. A. Richardson, San Ber
nardino.
State Senators— First District. W. L.
Spicier: Third. R. E. Montgomery;
Fifth. Conrad Rump; Ninth, J. C.
Knust; Thirtieth. William Gunn; Thir
ty-first. W. L. Wood; Thirty-third. J.
C. Starkweather; Thirty-ninth, J. A.
Mallory.
Assemblymen — Fourth district. J. C.
Elder; Fifth. J. L. Freeman; Eighth.
C. A. Jameson; Tenth, J. C. Weybrlcht;
Twenty-fifth. Richard Kirk; Twenty
sixth. W. B. White.
Purity of Elections Committee— Ben
Chambers. ! T. A. Splvey, O. H. Phil
brick, James Andrew and J. F. Gall
man--
OAKLAND. Sept. 5.— The State con
vention of the Socialist party was held
to-day at the local headquarters, 405
Eighth street. Sixty delegates attend
ed. The convention was called to or
der by E. B. Helfenstein of Los An
geles, State secretary, who acted as
temporary secretary of the convention.
N. A. Richardson of San Bernardino
County was chosen temporary chair
man.
Those Who Would Cliange the Social
Order Meet and Prepare for ¦
Political Battle.
STATE SOCIALISTS NAME
ELECTORS AND LEADERS
Sergeant David Boyd, keeper of the
park police station, yesterday after
noon took a few hours' vacation and
started out to visit the scene of the
wrecked steamer Maggie. He was
viciously attacked by a gang of
toughs on the car. He was knocked
down, kicked and beaten about the
head so that the frontal bone was
fractured^
He was riding" on car 651 of the
Kentucky street line. Near Eighth
avenue, in the Sunset District, Con
ductor J. W. Irby called him to sup
press a disturbance created by sev
eral young men. The car was
stopped and during the fight be
tween the officer and the rowdies in
the street he was knocked down and
Injured. Sergeant Boyd fought with
his revolver, using it as a club, and
finally drove his assailants away. He
was conveyed to the park hospital,
where his Injuries were dressed, and
was then sent to the Central Emer
gency HosDitai; Dr. Stevens had the
injured man conveyed to his home at
1227 Fell street.
While Assisting: a Conductor to Clear
a Car of Unrnly Men He Is
Severely Beaten.
POLICE SERGEANT BOYD
ASSAULTED BY TOUGHS
'The story is just like all of the
other stories of the same kind that
have been started — ridiculous," said
Mr. Havens.
Mr. Havens had many pleasant
things to say about Oakland and Its
future and the standing that it had in
the eyes of Eastern financiers, but that
brief statement was all that he cared
to make about the story of the sale of
the Key Route.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5. — Frank C.
Havens, general manager of the
Realty Syndicate and its allied cor
porations, the Key Route Ferry and
the Oakland Transit Company, says
the story that the Southern Pacific
Company has purchased the Key
Rcute Ferry and its suburban electric
lines is ridiculous.
Frank C. Havens Says the Kcjwrt of
the Transfer Is Untrue nnd
Even Ridiculous.
STORY OF SALE OF KEY
ROUTE IS FIRMLY- DENIED
The address of the day was delivered
by Henry Meyer, chairman of the
The men who had taken part in the
parade were first served, and with ap
peties whetted by their march in the
hot sun. they lined up at the long
tables and as fast as the first comers
were served others took their places.
The edibles were served by a committee
of the members of the Cooks and Wait
ers' Union, under the direction of Presi
dent Martin Gregovitch. The big crowd
was handled without the least hitch or
confusion.
At the close of the barbecue the
winners of the prizes in the Labor day
essay contest were announced by
Charles W. Petry, president of the day.
The lucky young folks were: First
prize, Vincie Giambruni, 1215 Linden
street; second prize, Edna F. Hamilton,
933 Forty-sixth street: third prize.
Edith H. Smith, 479 Hobart street;
honorable mention, Lulu Lang, AI
varado.
President Petry also announced that
the judges had awarded the silver
trophy offered by A. Jonas for the or
ganization making the best turnout
and best appearance in the parade to
Pacific Coast Lodge No. 1 of the Iron.
Steel and Tin Workers of Emeryville.
The following organizations won hon
orable mention:
Bakers' Union. Gas Workers' Union, Cooks'
and Waiters' Union. Sign and Carriage Paint
ers' Union. Machines' Apprentices' Union
Ice. Soda and Mineral Water Wagon Drivers'
Union. Material Teamsters' Union, Carmen's
Union, Laundry Workers' Union, Carpenters'
Union and Lumber Handlers' Union.
unionists were entertained at an old
time Spanish barbecue, the meat for
which had been furnished by the Co
operative Butchers' Association. Six
beeves, eight sheep and half a dozen
hogs had been slaughtered to provide
an abundance for everybody, and 1500
loaves of bread were furnished by the
Bakers' Union. * -
GRAND MARSHAL AND SOME OF
THE FEATURES OF OAKLAND'S
LABOR DAY PARADE.
ment saved .the woman's life.
Mrs. Ford objected to the doctor's
efTorts and declared her desire to die.
The husband said she had been mel
ancholy for a long time. There is no
doubt that the patient will recover.
Mi>. Gerti-mle Ford Tries* to End Her
Own Life Alter Long Period
of Illness.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5. — Mrs. Gertrude
Ford. 23 years of age. wife of Special
Policeman Charles T. Ford, attempted
to commit suicide to-day at her resi
dence. SS6 Milton street, by taking
morphine. Mrs. Ford was despondent
because of long illness. Very soon
after she had taken the drug Ford
• discovered his wife's condition and
sent for a physician. Prompt treat-
I TAKIIS POISON WHILE
IX nESPOXDKNT MOOD
Cooks' and Waiters' Union Xo. 31. headed
by President Martin Gresrovitch, Charles Me-
Uride and Theodore Vlakovitch; Bakers' and
Confectionery Workers' Union, headed by
President Hush McCabe. Henry Rowell and
J F. Erhard: 5«Ia and Mineral Water Wagon
Drivtr*' Unitn. with float, headed by H. C.
Rimasra; scdu an-i mineral water workers,
headca by II. McFarland; Beer Bottlers' Union,
headed by A. Kirkalder: Box and Cabinet
Workers No. £22, headed by John Silva; Boot.
Shoe and I.etther Workers' Union, with float;
Broth-rhcod ut Teamsters, with float. head:d
by T. F. GuKasher: material teamsters, w'.th
float, headed by William Green.
Seoo.id division — Marshal, Fred Dahnke;
aids. J. J. Ovtrton, C. A. Green. J. W. Bibby.
H. Smith, J. A. Anderson and W. Ramlo;
members of District Council of Carpenters, in
carriage, Her.ry Meyer. R. Reid. E. W.
Chambtrlaln and L. E. Peake: Carpenters"
Union No. 10CT. with float; Carpenters Union
No. 30. he»fird by B. Green and J. J. Overton:
Carp?m*r*' Unicn No. 115s of v Berkeley,
headed by H. Winham and J. Nledt; Carpen
ters* Union No. 15»4- of Alairieda. headed by
J. A. Anderson; Mlllmen's Union No. 550;
Carpenters' Union No. S15 of Haywanls.
Third division — Marshal, J. F. Sale: Lcnsr
shorerren's Unicn, with Scat, headed by J.
IHinn and J. Silva: i;arb?rs' Union, headed by
Victor Kc^n *.r.d J. It. Davis; Electrical
Workers. heac!ed by .1. HfdburK. C Hogan and
Georp? Miller: Rctsfl Clerks' Union, headed by
rresldent J. C. Trethevray and Sydney Mott;
ShlpTlghW Unicn. with float, headed by J. A.
Johnson; L.aunary Workers, with lady members
In buses", headed by J. MorJtz.
Fourth d'vtsion — Marshal. T. J. . Hopkins:
•ids. J. Keainy and W. H. Black; Carmen's
Unicn. DJ-.-Uicn No. 102; . S'.zn and Carriage
Painter*' Local No. S7S. headed by handsome
float, led by G. A. Rees; Golden Gate Lods*
•No. 2S4, Machinists' Union, with float, led by
F. J. Hoffmann: Gold'n Gate Lodge. Machinist
Apprenticed: Iron. Steel and Tin Workers'
Union No. 1," wlth-flcat. headed by -M. Brown,
H. Losue and Ed Jelioe: Gas Workers* Union,
with float, headed by President John Forest,
J Kenn*y and Louis Hoffman: stationary
engineers, with float, headed by J. H. Smith,
M. Rose, 5. G. Heffner, and H. M. Cole.
As the parade passed alone Grove
street it was greeted by hundreds of
school children, each of whom carried
a flag furnished by a committee, of
women. The waving flags formed a
background of glowing color as the
•worklngiren marched past./
The procession disbanded at ' Tele
graph avenue and Twentieth; street,
and the members of the unions, accom
panied by their families and" friends,'
took cars for Idora Park, where the
afternoon exercises were held. / * . :
On their arrival at Idora Park the
Leading the first division were the
Co-operative Butchers' Association and
Butcher Workmen's Protective Union,
headed by Marshal Henry Schaffer, and
after them came the other organiza
tions in the following order:
The parade was headed by a platoon
of police, in command of Chief of Po
lice Hodgkins and Captain Petersen.
The grand marshal, George K. Smith,
and his aids. Frank Hlguera and A.
W. Borden. followed, and then came the
guests of the day, the directors of the
Board of Trade and the Merchants'
Exchange, in carriages.
Of course, the parade was first in the
series of the day's events. The mem
bers of every labor organization in
Oakland took part, and headed by
bands and drum corps, with the ban
ners of their unions flying above them,
they marched through the streets in
honor of the workingman's own holi
day. Forty trades unions were in line,
the members of nearly all attired in
seme distinctive uniform. They were
heartily cheered by the thousands who
lined the curbs to see the toilers pass.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.— The- members
of the labor unions of Alameda County
marched and feasted and danced and
sang and made speeches and listened to
them, and engaged in games of skill
and brawn and had a good time gen
erally to-day in Oakland. There was a
parade in the morning, when they all
turned out and marched to strains of
martial music; there was a barbecue
after that at Idora Park, where every
body ate, drank and was merry; there
were literary exercises, when prominent j
labor unionists told the others about j
their hopes and expectations for union
labor; there were games still later In
the afternoon, when labor union con
tested with labor union in friendly riv
alry; and to cap the day's enjoyment,
there was a dance in the evening.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Sept. 5. — A feud of
two years' standing resulted last night
in the death of Jose M. Aguirre. who
belongs to the best known Mexican
family in Tucson.
Ill feeling over the branding of cat
tle has existed for a long time be
tween the Aguirres, who have a ranch
on the San Pedro, and Carmen Es
cobedo, foreman of Albert Steinfeld's
Anvil ranch.
Sunday both men came to Tucson
to witness the Labor day celebration.
They were brought together by friends
and were having dinner together in
a restaurant in the Mexican quarter
when they renewed their old quarrel,
exchanging some hot words, and Es
cobedo shot Agairre dead. Escobedo
surrendered to officers attracted by
the shooting. He claims Aguirre used
a knife, although none was found
near the tody.
Special Dispatch to Th» Ca!i
A number of visiting Knights Tem
plar have been victimized. Robberies
and pickpocket* cases have been of
frequent occurrence, but the latest
graft that has come to the notice of
the police is the selling of tickets for
trips through Chinatown which call
for a licensed guide. Last night seven
teen of the visitors reported to Lieu
tenant Shaw that they had purchased
tickets from Herman Lichtenfeld, a
Grant-avenue tailor, at Jl apiece.
When the Knights called at Lich
t^nfeld's place on Grant avenue they
were given in charge of an ex-
Chinatown guide named W. Ward,
whose license was some time ago re
voked by the Police Commissioners
for an alleged assault. Ward took hi3
party around the street3 in the Chi
nese quarter for about fifteen minutes
and then told them that he had shown
them all that he could. The people
called at the police station and branded
Lichtenfeld and Ward as grafters.
Captain Martin was notified and a de
tective was sent with the party to the
tailor's place of business. Lichtenfeld
was compelled to refund the money
he had taken from the seventeen
Knights and was warned under the
penalty of arrest to desist, from sell
ing any more of his tickets. The peo
ple- who were temporarily victimized
by Lichtenfeld and Ward claim that at
least 250 of their fellow Knights pur
chased tickets of Lichtenfeld and saw
nothing for their dollar.
KNIGHTS ARE VICTIMIZED
BY FALSE CHINATOWN' GUIDE
Herman IJchtenfeld, a Tailor. Sells
Tickets for Trips That Arc
Not Mjide.
Much- has been accomplished by organized
labor In the past, but there are grave condi
tions which must be faced in the future. How
to meet there conditions is just now the great
"prohlenf which the American worklngxnan must
*olve. <I am a wortcingman myself, therefore
I keenly realize that upon the successful so
lution of this great question rests my own
¦welfare and the welfare of every craftsman
tv ho labors to-day beneath the stars and
stripes.
It is a well known fact .that labor organi
zations are being antagonized by organization*
among the employers. This is but natural,
for they have the same right to organize as
have the workingmen. And in this great strug
gle organized labor must utilize its best In
telligence if it would acquit itself with honor.
This address concluded the afternoon
programme and the evening was given
over. to dancing and a social reunion.
executive board of the Brotherhood of
Carpenter* and Joiners of America. His
address consisted of a brief review of
the conditions which confront organ
ized labor and the necessity of intelli
gent action by the officers of the
national labor bodies. In part he said:
Stockmen Go to Eestanrant
to Talk Over Differences
and One Is Shot Dead
Police Accept His Story That He
Killed Clarence Nelson, His Play
mate, by Accident.
BERKELEY. Sept. 5. — It is un
likely that there will be any prosecu
tion of Artie Arvenon, the youth who
ehot his friend, Clarence Nelson, while
both were hunting in the Berkeley
h'Sls yesterday. Neither the police
r.or the dead boy's parents believe that
th« shooting was anything but an ac
cident, and they see nothing to be
gained by arraigning Arvenon on a
criminal charge. The authorities at
tirst thought the shooting' followed
I laytul threats from Arvenon to fire
at Nelson, but this both Arvenon and
the other member of the hunting trio,
James Kelly, positively denied. In the
lace cf this denial the police were
Juried to accept Arvenon's statement
that the rifle went off while he was
Tampering 1 with the trigger mechun
iMti. Arvenon has been released, as
ihfre was no charge against him.
The physicians who treated Nelson
marvel that he lived so long: after re
t-eivin£ a bullet full in the brain. Dr.
J. Edson KeJsey said the boy could
not live an hour after he was shot,
but he lingered for eijrht hours, then
died in a convulsion. The inquest will
Le held at 10 o'clock on Saturday next.
AliTIK ABVEXOX OBTAINS
FREEDOM FROM PROSECUTION"
The appearance of the man was so
sudden and his attack so violent that
neither Mrs. Longwell nor her guests
could give much of a description of th^
fellow except that he wore a dark suit
of clothes and wore his hat pulled low
over his eyes.
Mrs. Longwell is the wife of Sarn
LongweU, inspector of the Oakland
Transit Company.
Mrs. S. O. Longwell. residing at 2819
Grove street, was savagely attacked
last night In her own home b;* an un
known man and but for the presence
of two ladies, sisters of her husband,
who were visiting her. and a man. who
had accompanied them, the attack
might have ended in a tragedy.
Mrs. Longwell and her guests were
seated in the dining-room Just after
supper when the bell rang. Mrs. Long
well went to the front door, carrying
her baby with her. As she released
the latch the door was forced violently
open and a man sprang into the hall,
attempting as he did so to grasp Mrs.
Longwell by the throat. The terrified
woman turned and ran screaming Into
the dining-room, closely pursued by the
Intruder. As Mrs. Longwell reached
the room where her guests were seated
she fell in a faint and the unknown
man. seeing three other people present,
turned and ran from the house.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Sept. 5.
Miscreant Is Frightened by
the Presence of Visitors
and Makes His Escape
WOMAN FALLS IN FAINT
Unknown Ruffian Forces His
Way Into the Home
of 3Irs. S. 0. Longwell
Kesolved. That the San Leandro Board of
Trade most strongly condemns the action of
several members of the Alameda County Ad
vancement Association for opposing the con
struction of the aforesaid road.
Whereas. The San Leandro Board of Trade
particularly urged the construction of the
foothill boulevard from High street to Hay
wards; now. therefore.
Whereas, It was clearly understood that
the purpose of Mid organization was to ad
vance the Interests of Alameda County: and
whirls Interests can best be subserved by the
cocslructio.1 and beautifying of our racdi and
thereby opening avenues for immigration and
settlement In our county; and.
The San Leandro Board of Trade, believing
in tbe representations made, heartily indorsed
the organization of the Alameda County Ad
vancement Association: and
Board of Trustees of the town of Haywards
C. W. Heyer. President; C. M. Reese. Town
Clerk.
The San Leandro Board of Trade has
adopted the following resolutions:
We are unanirro-js in the opinion that the
said boulevard, when completed, will be of
inestimable value to the trtm "and vicinity,
and alfc > to Alair.eda County generally.
We further consider that the abandonment
of the project at this time would be a serious
error and would result in definite injury to
this county and this town, in view of the
steps already taken, and the injurious adver
tUtag it would give us.
In full faith that you will do your utmost
to bring this magnificent project to a success
ful conclusion, we beg to subscribe ourselves.
Very faithfully.
To the Hcnorable Board of Supervisors of
Alair.eda Ccunty: We. the Trustees In *nd
for the town of Haywards. having the be»t
interests of this town and vicinity at heart,
and having carefully considered all the steps
taken in the matter, hereby most respectfully
and earnestly petition and urge your honor
able body to purh to its completion the pro
rosed irm!c boulevard from the city of Oak
land to th!F tc»wn.
The town of Haywards was so much
interested in the matter that the Town
Trustees have addressed the following
official communication to the Super
visors:
Haywards. Cal.. S*pt. 2. 1904.
P. J. Croeby, Dr. Corwln. J. E. Geary. T.
B. Rus«ell. Georre Gray. Charles Prowse, J.
H. StrobriJge. A. L. Graham. D. Chtsholm. H.
E: Brunner. P. Wllbert. Joseph Gome*. I. B.
Parsons. J. H. LUUbridge, J. T. Stanton.
G^org-e Grlndell. L. LJnektn, F. F. Allen, Leo
Pal rates Henry Egbert, O. K. Morgan, J. E.
Farnurn, F. W. Browning. J. H. Toft, H.
Sorensen. William Lawrcnc*. O. O. Johnson,
K. C. Wlnton. A. E. Fischer. M. J. Madison.
J. H. Gray. II. T. Smyth. Elmer Welsh. Vic
tor Laprave. J. T Marhado. C. M. Reese, I*
11. Chandler, William Dale. Count Newmark.
Dr. A. J. Dean, C. B.' Harmon. H. C. Pctray.
c\ W. Heyer. G. S. Langan. Dr. A. J. Powell.
E. K. Strobricjre. W. J. RamaRe, C. S. Long,
M. C. Petersen. George Kavanatrh. E. G. Ry
ker, F. 1. Lemcs. H. Ganeberger. E. B. Haas,
A. Ramcge. H. Payot. John W. McCoy. E. S.
Warren, William Zam.bresky. R. Reid. T. H.
Martin, J. II. Woods. C. P. Van Dyke. J. T.
Stone. GeorKe Fisher. H. MeininRer, S. Mad
sen. Vincent Strobel. Dr. G. E. Reynolds,
H. P. Nielsen, E. O. Webb. H. Hauschtldt,
G. E. Alexander. Thomas "O'Neill. Joseph Ber
r.ardo. W. R. Myers, C. M. Back. H. Fried
lander. J. F. Brandon. T. B. Jackson. John
Gamble. A. Bradford. G. A. Oakes.
The delay brought forth all kinds of
support for the boulevard from the
other organizations of Alameda Coun
ty. This was started by Haywards,
which town will be the southern ter
minus of the road. Haywards was sup
ported by the Board of Trade of Oak
land, the Merchants' Exchange of Oak
land and the Board of Trade of San
Leandro. Committees from all of the
organizations Interested will be pres
ent at this meeting and there will be
many arguments made before the Su
pervisors. The largest delegation will
be that from Haywards. which will be
composed of the following citizens:
The Board of Supervisors will next
Wednesday listen to the arguments
over the route- of the foothill boule
vard and will decide whether they will
proceed with the work along the lines
projected. The delay in the carrying
mit of the work was caused by a pro
test sent to the board by the Alameda
County Association and the members
of this organization will present their
case at the coming meeting. The pro
test presented last week gave no argu
ments.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 5.
DINNER ENDS
IN A TRAGEDY
The Rev. Charles R. Brown will ad
dress the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation to-morrow afternoon in Stiles
Hall on "Bible Study." H. D. Babcock
'05 will be the leader" of a meeting of
the association on Thursday afternoon,
when "Opportunity" will be the sub
ject:
Dr. Robert O. Moody of the Affiliated
Colleges will address the Harvey Club
at 8 o'clock "Wednesday evening in East
Hall, his subject to be "Research and
Medicine."
Tuesday will be the last day for filing
application for graduate scholarships in
the recorder's office. Thursday will be
the last day for filing petitions to
change study lists or for removing de
ficiencies. ,
A concert in honor of the visiting
knights Templar will be given in the
Greek theater at 4 o'clock on Thursday
afternoon. The programme will be con
tributed by the university orchestra,
the glee club and three well-known
soloists, Thomas Rlckard, Mrs. L. Sni
der-Johnson and Mme. Elsa von Grofe.
Dr. H. J. Stewart will be the director.
Secretary of the Treasury Leslie M.
Shaw will address the students of the
University of California at 4 o'clock to
morrow afternoon in Harmon Gymna
sium. No word has come from the
Secretary as to the natare of his ad
dress, though it Is understood that it
will concern the department over which
he presides and student ideals.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street. Sept. 5.
MYSTERY VEILS
SAVAGE ATTACK
Orchestra and Glee Club
Will Entertain Visitors
With Concert in Theater
Mayor Olney has not worked out the
details of his plans in this direction.
He intends to put them Into shape
some time after the bond election,
which will be this month.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Sept. 5.
Mayor Oln**y has under preparation
a draft cf proposed chanpes in .th«
munitipaJ charter of Oakland. This is
preliminary to the submission of his
ideas to ihe City Council, with the view
of presenting proposed amendments to
& vote of the people.
To reconstruct the Board of Public
\Y»rhs and the Hoard of Police and
Fire Commissioner* in such a way that
the police nnd lire departments shall
be removed from political influences
is the Mayor's principal aim. His
Honor believes that ih« offices of City
Attorney and City Engineer should
be independent of the boards of which
both oJMcials, with the Mayor, are
members. The Mayor would create a
Uonrd of Public Works whose mem
bers should be piven full control over
expenditures independently of other of
licts. lie favors such a new assign
ment in the police and fire boards that
responsibility lor their conduct shall
i»e placed under direction of a commis
sion which would be out of politics and
would not be compelled to electioneer
lor positions.
Thinks That Attorney and
Engineer Should Not Be
Members of Commissions
Supervisors Will Listen
to Statements of Both
the Parties . Interested
MUSIC FOR KNIGHTS'
ARGUMENTS WEDNESDAY
Leslie M. Shaw of Treasury
Department Engages to
Speak at the University
Towns of Haywards and San
Leandro Ask That Work
Be Continued at Once
COUNTRY WANTS
THE BOULEVARD
FAVOKS NEW BOAKDS
-?
Mayor Plans to Eliminate
Politics From the Fire
and Police Departments
WOULD AMEND
CITY CHARTER
STUDENTS WILL
HEAR SECRETARY
LABOR'S LOYAL HOSTS HOLD SPLENDID
CELEBRATION OF THE WORKMAN'S DAY
Great Crowds of Union Members, Both Men and Women, Throng
to Parade, Banquet, Games and Literary Exercises-— All Ala
' meda County Organizations Take Part "in Grand Demonstration
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER (>. 1904.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS. x
" Beauty is but skin-
deep " was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
Sold all over the world.
ADVOtl^F.^bLVTS.
The letter of Miss Merkley,
whose picture is printed above,
proves beyond question that
thousands of cases of inflamma-
tion of the ovaries and womb
are annually cured by the use of
Lydia E Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
"DsjLB Uss. Ptxkham:— Gradual
loss cf strength and nerve force told
xae something was radically wronjjf
vritb rne. I had severe shooting 1 pains
through the pelvic organs, cramps and
extreme irritation compelled me to
Bcek medical advice. The doctor said
that 1 fcad ovarian trouble and ulccra-
tioa, and advised an operation. I
strongly objected to this and decided
to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Corn pound. I soon found that
my judgment vras correct, and that all
the pood things said about th'is medi-
cine were true, and day by day I felt
less pain and increased appetite. The
ulceration soon healed, and the other
complications disappeared, and in
eleven weeks I vras once more strong
and rigorous and perfectly well
" My heartiest thanks are sent to
you for the great good you have done
at" — Sincerely yours, Miss Makoaktt
Mecxxet, 275 Third SU, Milwaukee,
Wis.— $$000 forfttt tf cr1;lr.al tf cte* Ittfr
troef*f f«au'M*m M«Mt toprwmti.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLANI>.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEdA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MODERN METHODS
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
...DENTISTRY...
Place our work on a plane much abovs
the average. Nothing is done on chance.
Each operation is successful because
carefully considered and skUlfuUy car-
ried out, . .
"TEETH
Made by us will last for many years.
Gold rni^urs. .91.OO Soaa PUliar. 50c
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
3 TAYIOS ST.. SAX rSASCXSCO.
973 Waahtagtoa St^ Oi>7»Tii_
Saa Jos*. ... S»ermm«ato.nie Ovrrdue TAst.
The ves»cl* on the ovenftte ll*t are quoted for
'.reinsurance a* lollowg: Pionler, ©0 per cent:
Harapton. « per cent; Micnelet. 15. per cent,
*cd Almora, 10 per cent.
Son, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and GeojJetlc Sonrey—
'/'¦:-:'¦- FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. f Destination. J Sails.
HumboMt j Skagwcy & Way Ports ISept. 6
Dir'go Skagway & Way Ports. ISept. «
Farallon ftcagway & Way Ports Sept. 6
Oregon Nome & St. Michael.. Sept 8
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 8
Bertha -' Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept 10
Tacoma J Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept 12
City Topek*. 4 Skagway & Way Ports. Sept, 14
Santa Ana... 1 Seldovia & Way Ports. Sept 1C
Olympla \ None & N. E. Siberia. jSept. 20
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. Me Kday. September 5.
Ptmr Porocna. Swaneon. 17 hours from Eu
reka.
fctror Del Ncrte. Payne, 37 bourn frcm Cres
cent City.
Stmr F A Kllburn. Thompson. 7 hour* from
Port Rogers.
Strar Santa Barbara. Zaddart Ci hours trom
Grays Harbor, bound south! put in to land
passengers.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olseo. 42 hours from
Ban Pedro.
Stmr State of California. NIcolson, 43 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Oeo \V Eider. Randall. 65 hours from
Portland via Astoria.. 45 hours.
Stmr Redondo, Krog. 64 hours fm Portland.
Stmr Navarro. Kansen, 30 hours from Eu
leka. ' •
Ptmr Brooklyn, Carlson, 4S hours from Port
Lo» Ancel«*.
Stmr Gipsy. Lelani. 14 hours from Mon
terey.
Art Notes.
Visitors to our city, and the public
generally, are cordially Invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions of the very latest things ln pic
tures and frames. Sanborn, Vail'&Co.,
741 Market street. •
Tymoric a Wreck.
The- British steamer Tymeric from Callao
fur Baltimore, which ran ashore at DavIU
Sound, is a total wreck. Reports state that
mest of the vessel's cargo will be'salved.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 5—5 p. m.
THF COAST RECORD.
S3 2 S S 2? -3
s iU0i £ 1
STATIONS. J $% f" «T
I j|; if.
Baker 20.96 00 54 N Cloudy .00
Carson 20.94 feS 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 30.00 54 50 N Foggy .00
Fresno 20.80 104 CS N Clear .00
Farallon 29.0.1 54 50 NW Foggy .00
Flagstaff L>y.«a 60 40 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30.02 SO 50 W Clear .00
Independence IKK^S 04 <« N Clear .00
Los Anpeies ..23.ts2 U2 64 SW Clear .00
Ml Tamalpals.2!).95 !»:{ 7j W Clear .00
North Head.. .30. 02 58 52 NW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.78 83 "70 E Clear .00
Point Iteyes...2D.U(l 58 48 NW Fogey .00
Portland 20. »4 80 5« NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 2U.SO KW CS SE Clear 00
Ro^eburg: 20.04 S6 i,2 NW Cloudy .1X1
Bacrameuto ...29.S4 SS CS NE Clear ' 00
Salt Lake -JO.ua 84 .. NW Clear .00
San FraaciJC9.S9.92 72 49 W Clear .00
?. h. Oblspo..20.8l 02 62 NW Clear .00
San Diego 29.82 82 6S SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 78 52 NW Clear .00
Spokane 23.00 00 52 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Tatooih 30.04 flO 50 SW Foggy .00
Walla Walla.. 20. 00 04 <U SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca ..30.00 90 4S SW CJear .00
Tuma 2U. 74 100 S.S ' E Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. ,
The weatUer continues generally pleasant
through California. Heavy rains are reported
alor.s the Mexican boundary and southward
through Northern Mexico.
The temperature continues high in the In
terior of California, with afternoon tempera
; tures exceeding 100 degree*, • while ! on the
coaft cool weather prevails, with low dense
fog. The weather continues warm in Oregon
and Idaho.
Within a distance of fifteen miles from San
Francisco temperatures ranging from Co
to 03 degrees may be found. Dense fog Is re
ported at Point Reytfl and Farallon Island.
For the first time in the history of the Pa
cific Coast weather reports have been received
from the following Euroiiean cities: London,
weather clear, wind iroutli, IS miles; tempera- :
ture, <J2. : Pr.ria. weather clear, wind light or
calm; temperature 54. Hamburg, weather
clear, wind «uuth, IS miles; temperature 52.
Blacksod Point (Ireland), rain, wind south, 4$
miles; temperature CO. Stornoway (Scotland),
cloudy, wind south. 22 miles; temperature CU.
Lisbon, clear, wind north, light breeze; tem
perature 65.
A report has also been received from Hon
olulu. H. I., cloudy, trace of rain; wind light;
temoerature 78. j
Forecast made at San Franciseq . for 30
hours ending midnight, September 6, 1904:
Northern California — Fair Tuewlay, continued !
warm weather in the interior, with light north
wind; fresh westerly wind on the coaHt with ;
fc*. I
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light I
light southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday: continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity?— Fair Tuesday;
light north wind, changing to brisk westerly,
with fog in the afternoon and night.
Los • Angeles and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
cooler, light southwest wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
continued warm: light north wind, j
Fresno and vicinity— Fair Tuesday; continued
¦warm weather: light north wind.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Schr J Conflanxa. Johnson, 28 hours from
Notleys Landing. I "|L'J< Ullifl'M'lllll
Echr Srusallto, DahlofT. 4 days from Coos
Bay. . • *-' .
SAILED. , >
' K< r.day. ' September 6.' •
- Etmr Despatch. Levlnson. San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 5 — Stmr Pomeranian, for Mont
real. . .
ItOTTERDAM— Arrived SepC 5— Stmr New-
York from New York.
MOVILLE — Arrived Sept 3 — Stmr Astoria,
from New York for Glasgow (and proceedtd).
LONDON— Arrived Sept 5 — Stmr Minneton
ka. from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr Mongo
lian, from New York.
Sailed Sept 5 — Stmr Buenos' Ayrean. from
Glasgow for St Johns. N F-. and Philadelphia.
Arrived Sept 5 — Stmr Montfort. from
.Montreal.
i PALERMO— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Paonlan.
from Trieste for New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Vader
land, from New York via Dover. -
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Barba
icsra. from New York.
Steamer. ! Destination. Sails. I Pier.
September 6. . 1
Alliance ! Eureka & Coos 13. 10 am Pier 16
Iaqua Hurr.boldt | 9 amiPler 2
Chehalis. Graj-s Harbor 1 pm|Pler 2
September 7. {
Samoa Los Ange'.ts Ports.;10 amIPier 2
Pi>mona. '¦ Humboldt jl :30 pipier U
Curacao. \ Mexican Ports ....,10 atn'Pior 11
Queen Puget Sound Portsill amIPier 0
Arc-tic Humholdt I 0 am'Pler 2
San Pe<5ro..' Humboldt ] 10 am Pier 2
September 8. f j
Breakwater.' C005 Iiay direct j S pmlPier S
Porno • Pt. Arena & Albion' C pm Pier 2
State of Cal Pan D!ego & "A'ay.! 9 am'Pier 11
Cocs Bay..! Pan Pedro & Way. n am Pier 11
Sierra I SrdSMJ" &. Way... 2 pmlPier 7
Coptic ' Chlr.a & Japan 1 pm' Pier 40
Ar»r-> ' Kel P.lver PorU. .. 4 pm'Pier 2
Montara \ Seattle direct 1 2 pm'Pier 11
Redotiflo. ; Attorla & 1'ortlandj 0 pmiPler 2
September 9. | |
G. W. E!der ; AstorU & Portlandill pmlPier 21
¦ September 10. j j
Aurelia ' Astoria & Portland! 5 pnvPier 27
Acapulco... 1 N". Y. via Ancon.!12 m!Pler 40
Pt. Ar«r.a.. ! Point Arena ( 4 rm Pier 2
Corona ; HtjmboUU j,l :?A) p'Pler 'J
Eureka Humboldt JI2 m ! Pier 13
i September 11. ! |
S. Rosa San Diego & W'ay.j 0 am'Pier 11
September 12. |
City Purbla i Pup*t Sound Ports. 11 amiPicr 0
Centennial. : Seattle & Tacoma.] 5 pm!pier 20
Donita ; Newport & Way.. ' 0 am(Pier 11
; September 14.
Maripoia...J Tahiti direct ill am! Pier 7
Columbia...; Astoria £k Portland 12, amIPier 24
i September 15. ; I
R *""-i«r Seattle & Bellnghm 4 rm'Pler 20
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 3 pm! Pier 27
Oregonian..! New York j IPicr 23
; September 16. [ ;
Hathor Hamburg £ Way..|12 miPier 10
TO SAIL.
\VEATIIEIt REPORT.
Stmr F A Kllburn Thompson, , Port Rogers.
. Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Jennie Wand, Chrtstensen, Grays Har
bor.
RETURNED.
Mcnoay. September 5.
Stmr Westport. Smith, from sea on account
of being in collision with stmr Pomona, Sept
5. 1:C5 a m, 17 miles NW of Point* Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept 5. 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
July 26 — Lat 2G N, long 21 W, Ger ship
Alster. from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia. J
Aug 21— Lat 10 N, long 27 W, Br 6hlp An
glesey, hence May 12 for Liverpool.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Aurelia. for
San Francisco; stmr FiarcU H Leggett for
San Francisco, with raft in tow.
TATOOSH— Passed Sept C — Ship Governor
Robic, from Tacoma for Dalagoa Bay.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 5 — Schr Ar
gus, Irom San Pedro; bark Mary L Cushlng,
irom Port Blakeley.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 5— Schr
Alvena. from Iledondo; bktn Makaweli, from
Rcclondo.
Parsed in Sept 5— Schr Argus, from San
Pedro for Fort Gamble.
Passed out Sept 5— "Bktn Arago, from Mukll-
Uo for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 3 — Ger bark Ber
tha, frcm Rotterdam. Sfift 4 — Stmr Bertha,
from Valdez. Sept 5— Stmr Umatilla. from
San Francisco. • ' :
Sailed Sept 5 — Stmr City of Puebla , for San
Francisco; stmr Jefferaon. for Skagwa'y, not as
before reported, i
L'ELLINGHAM— Arrived Sept 6— Bktn John
Smith, 'from San Pedro; echr A M Baxter,
her.ce Aug 18.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Eept 5— Stmr
Santa Hora, for San Diego.
POUT BLAKELEY — Arrived Sept C — Schr
Uai.il/i-ltisre. from Rttiondo
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 5 — Stmr Break
water and MUn Tam o' Shanter for San
Francisco.
POKT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr
Coronado, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 4— Schr J M
Colman. from Port Gamble. Sept 6 Stmr
Shasta, hence Aug 'i.
Bailed Sept 4 — Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Sept 5 — Schr Bertha
Dolbeer for Eureka.
REDONDO— Arrived Sept 0 — Schr Lyman D
Foster, from Port Blakeley.
PORT HAP.FORD— Sailed Sept 5— Stmr Bo
nlta. fur Sai. Pedro
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 3— Ship As
tral from Honolulu. .
BALTIMORE— Arrived Sept 4 — Br stmr
WInkfleld, from Valparaiso.
REEDY ISLAND— Anchored Sept S. await
ing orders — Stmr Nebraskan, from Honolulu,
and sailed Sept 4 for New York
NEW YORK— Sailed Sept 8— Br stmr Klsh.
for Singapore.
- ISLAND PORTS.
H1L0 — Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Hawaiian, for
Delaware- Breakwater. -.
Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Korea, from Hong
kon;; and Yokohcha for San Francisco
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO — Arrived Aug 24 — Nor stmr
Hanseat, from New York.",
COLOMBO— Arrived Sept 2— Br stmr Be
douin, from Shanghai.
FERIM— Passed Sept 3— Br stmr Indra, fm
Manila* for New York. '
LONDON — Arrived Sept 4 — Ger stmr Ama
sls ' hence April 20. . ¦
LYTTLETON— Arrived Eept 4— Bktn Ad
denda, from Coos Bay.
OCEAN : STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Zeeland
from. Antwerp; etmr. Minneapolis, from Lon
don; ttmr Maine, from Bremen; stmr Gallia.
from Marseilles and Naples. ¦
Arrived Eept 5— Stmr Koenig Albert. fr«m
Bremen . ;.'«gp8^
DOVER— Arrived Sept 5— Stmr Vaderland,
from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept X> — Stmr Bluecher,
from New York via Plymouth and: Cherbourg.
GLASGOW — Arrived Sept 5 — Stmr Corinth-
Ian, from Montreal; via Liverpool.;-.
COLLISION THAT OCCURRED EARLY YES-TERDAY MORNING OFF POINT
REYES AND VIEW. OF THE LITTLE STEAMEU WHICH WENT ASHORE ON
THE OCEAN BEACH SUNDAY, TAKEN JUST BEFORE SHE WAS FLOATED.
Investigation Falls to Corroborate
Statement That Patrolman
Robbed and Clubbed Him.
The police, after making a thor
ough investigation, have come to the
conclusion that the story told by T.
P. Grisnell of Wadsworth, Nev., of
having been robbed and clubbed by a
policeman early Saturday morning, is
without foundation. Grisnell's two,
brothers and his brother-in-law called
upon Captain Martin yesterday and
said that Grisnell was irresponsible
when under the influence of liquor.
He had said nothing to them of be
ing robbed by a policeman until af
ter it appeared in the newspapers.
The .fact that the alleged robbery
occurred on Spear street, near Mar
ket, instead of on Pillmore street, near
Market, as he positively asserted,
shows of itself that Grisnell had a
hazy recollection of what happened
to him. Policeman J. S. Barrett was on
duty on Spear street Saturday morn
ing, and he declared 'that he did not
see Grisnell nor did he hear of any one
being robbed and clubbed. * Grisnell
had a look at Barrett and said he was
not the man. He saw all the men of
that watch, with a like result.
POLICE DISCIIKDIT STORY
TOLD BY T. F. GRISXELL
Steamer. ] From. I' Due.
! |
Tltania ', Nanaimo 'Sept. 6
Chehalis ¦ San Pedro Sept. 6
S. Monica ; San Pedro Sept. 0
Del None .! Crescent City Sept. 0
3>tackinaw I Tacoma ISejit. 6
Porno ! Point Arena & Albion. ISept. 6
Mariposa j Tahiti Sept. 6
Breakwater..' Coos Bay 'Sept. 6
Argo ¦ Bel River Ports 'Sept. 7
Barracouta. . ; Xew York via Ancon. 'Sept. 7
Centennial ' Seattle & Tacoma ....iSept. 7
Aurelia i Portland & Astoria. jSept. 7
Corona ' Humboldt [Sept. 8
City Puebla..; Puget Sound Ports :Sept. S
Santa Rosa., i San Diego & Way Pts'SapL 8
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena'Sept. S
Eureka Humboldt iSept. 8
Rainier , Seattle & Bellingham.Sept. 9
Abj-dos Hamburg & Way Ports'Pept. 9
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. -Sept. 9
North Fork. . j Humboldt iSept. 10
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. .'Sept. 11
Columbia I Portland & Astoria ISept. 11
Hftthor Seattle |Se;>t. 11
Texan New York iSept. 11
Arctic Humboldt ISept. 11
Pomona [ Humboldt Sept. 11
Korea China & Japan Sept. 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. ISept. 12
Alameda.... Honolulu IScpt. 13
Umatllla. • Puget Sound PortJ SSept. 13
Coos Bay ; San Pedro & Way Pts.jSepL 13
Peru New York via Ancon.. ISept. 15
Alliance ; Portland & Way Port«;S»pt. 13
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma . jSept. 15
G. W. Elder. : Portland & Artoria. ISept. 16
Movements, of Steamers.
Time and Height of High and lyrnr Waters
at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent
NOTE— The hiph and low wat«rs occur at
the city front (MiMion-strpet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 6.
Pun rises 5:43
Sun «ts 6:33
Moon rises 1:30 a. m.
Z !Tlme ! iTime! ;Tlmej
£ ! ! Ft. ! ; Ft. !-¦ j Ft. | j Ft.
• iL W| ;H \V( [L \V> ill W|
« ! 2:15! O.nl t>:Ul 4.5; 2:17] 2.5; S:22 5.5
7 3:04i—4i.2 S« :i>T( 4.0 3:12 2.2; 0:22 5.7
ft I 3:.'>0|— O.3 jO:37i 5.2] 4:<*> L7)10:18 5.7
9 ! 4:3ii! — O.ljll :ir>! 5.4] 4:."K>! 1.311:12 5.6
10 5:221 0.1111:53! 5.6i 5:411 O.Si ;
lH \V| iL. \V\ 'H \V| \U W
11 : 0:071 5.5; C:0o!o.5il2:32| 5.5; 6:30 0.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
th» early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order o* occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are fcut three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights Riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
jfiven is subtracted from the depth Riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Weather Bureau Tells of Conditions In
Berlin, Paris, Lisbon. London,
Honolulu and Manila.
San Francisco received reports yes
terday of the weather conditions from
two-thirds of the world. Of the 360
degrees of longitude the local branch
of the Weather Bureau heard from
240. -This is the first time that the
meteorologists have accomplished the
feat. Of all the cities from which
weather reports came San Francisco
was the most favored, all things con
sidered. Professor McAdie sent word
last evening to the visiting Knights
Templar trom England what the
weather was in London.
In San Francisco the weather was
clear and the temperature was 62 de
grees. In Ireland there was rain. In
Paris the temperature was 64 degrees.
In Honolulu the weather was cloudy
and the temperature was 78 degrees-
In Hamburg and Berlin the weather
was clear. In Lisbon it was cloudy.
The people of Scotland, with the Fili
pinos as well, had cloudy weather. In
London it did not rain, but as usual
there was plenty of fog.
¦ .The Weather Bureau expects to re
ceive these reports daily henceforth,
so that visitors from all parts of the
world may hear of the conditions in
their home cities.
HEARS REPORTS FROM s •
TWO-THIRDS OF WORLD
The women managers of the Old Peo
ple's Home, corner of Pine and Pierce
streets, are serving "a fine luncheon
daily between the hours of 11 a. m.
and 2 p. m. at 207 Grant avenue for the
benefit of the institution. A fire recent
ly did, damage to the building amount
ing "to $45,000.' It is for the purpose of
raising funds to help meet the loss that
the puncheon is being given.
Many society" members availed them
selves of the opportunity to aid the
cause .yesterday. The lunch place is
beautifully decorated and nothing is
left undone to merit the satisfaction of
those who patronize this worthy cause.
1 A false impression has gone forth that
the institution is 'endowed and needs
no financial assistance from outside
sources. This is an error. The women
managers are seriously crippled finan
cially since the fire, as the insurance
only partly met the great loss caused
thereby..
. The luncheon will be continued at the
hours mentioned both to-day and to
morrow. The ladies having the affair
in charge- and who personally attend
to the comfort of guests are the follow
ing named: Mesdames W. Willis,
George A. Knight, A. W. Scott. J. Mar
tel, Louis Deane, W. Dick, W. Matson,
A. Watt, C. C. Wadsworth, D. E. Friele.
W. Brown. E. A. Bresse and F. Mc-
Williams.
The (og that within a comparatively
few boon has caused the stranding In
and near this port of the big British
Ehip Drumburton. the schooner James
A. GarJIeM and the steamers Xewburg j
and Maggie, ivas responsible for a col
lision off Point Reyes early yesterday
morning between the passenger-laden
euaixuer Pomona and the steam schoon
er Wtstport. Both vessels were dam
aged, but reached port in safety and
without any loss of life, although the
¦ Pomona's passengers received a bad
scare.
The Pomona was bound for this port
from Eureka with 160 passengers. The
"Westport, in ballast, left here Sunday
for "Westport. The vessels met at a;
print about seventeen miles northwest
of Point Reyes at 1 o'clock yesterday
morning.
The Fea was calm, but a heavy fog
hung over the water. According to the
Ftories told yesterday, the watch on
«ach boat was aware of the other ves
sel's approach. Whistles were blown,
danger signals sounded,, voices rang out
in the night and then came the crash.
The Westport, head on, struck the Po
mona amidships, and only the steam
er's stout guard prevented the schooner
from cutting through her plates. As it
was, the Westport got the worst of it.
Her whole stem was driven in and some
of her planking damaged. A forward
bulkhead saved her from sinking.
Before the Westport's stem caved in
it had cut through the Pomona's guard,
bent three or four of her plates and
smashed an awning stanchion on the
upper deck. The denting of the plates,
blight as it seemed from the outside,
cracked one of the Pomona's ribs and
so twisted the Joinery of one of the
staterooms that two women passengers,
awakened and scared half to death by
the jar, found the door of their room
tightly jammed. In the confusion that
followed the collision their screams
were not noticed, and by the time the
Pomona's crew had broken down the
jammed doors the women were in a
state of collapse. They soon recovered.
however, but refused to return to their
t-tateroom.
CONFLICTING STORIES.
The stories told by Captain Smith
¦ .of the Westport and by Captain Swan
isoa ««f the Pomona differ in many ma
•tfrtal points, and not until all con
¦cerned have told their tales to the
United States inspectors will it be pos
*" EiMe to place the responsibility.
According to Captain Smith, the
•\Vostport was backing at full speed
when the vessels collided. If this
t-'i'ty is true the Pomona must have
been traveling sideways at a high rate
ot speed. But Captain Swanson of the
• ".Pomona declares that to escape the
danger that threntened he was going
'full speed ahead. In this event, say
tht- marine surveyors, the Westport's
stem should have been twisted side
*ways and the Pomona's side raked
n:id ripped for half its length. The
Eolles and Bulger sypiem of question
ing:, however, can be depended upon to
' eliminate inconsistencies and out of
the confusion to bring a plain, un
varnished tale.
The Pomona stood by the Westport
until it was ascertained that the
sfam schooner was not leaking seri
ously and was in condition to take
care of herself. The Westport re
turned here for repairs. The Po
mona is owned by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company and the Pollard j
Steamship Company owns the West- j
port.
MAGGIE IS FLOATKD.
The little schooner Maggie, whose
skipper tried to make port Sunday
night by steering a course across
Golden Gate Park, was towed off the \
beach below the Cliff House yesterday
afternoon by the tugs Relief and
Dauntless.
The Maggie draws little water and
between where she lay wedged in the
sand and deep water was a wide
stretch of shoal. In trying to save
the Maggie the tugs Defiance and
Dauntless got into difficulties them
selves. Each towboat got a line in
her wheel and both drifted ashore.
The tangle in the Dauntless' propeller
was quickly cleared, however, and her
vheel once free it was the work of a
few minutes for the Dauntless to work
herself into deep water, where she
toon pulled the Defiance after her.
She towed the Defiance to her berth
at PacSc-street wharf and returned
' with the relief to the work of drag
ging the Maggie from the beach. This
v.as accomplished about an hour be
fore high tide and within a few days
the Maggie will be able to resume her j
journeying between here and Half- i
moon Bay. j
Hope of saving the Drumburton has i
been abandoned. The stranded ship
will be stripped of everything mov
' able and her skeleton left for the win
ter storms to bury in the sand. Cap
¦ tain John Metcalfe, representing
•Lloyds', and Captain Albert F. Pills
bury, surveyor of the Board of Marine j
Underwriters, visited the wreck yes
terday In company with Captain John
Barneson. the managing owner.
They found the vessel solidly plant
ed on the rocks with four huge holes
• in her bottom. Captain Barneson for
mally turned over the wreck to the
representatives of the underwriters
a.nd thev see no chance to save her.
On the Atlantic and at some Euro
pean ports are maintained wrecking
plants capable of saving the Drum
burton. but- there is nothing of the
sort on this coast and a $40,000 ship,
standing In her grnve proudly as ever
*he bore herself afloat, must be aban
doned.
. Captain Thomas, his officers and
;>.':rt of the crew are still on board i
'.hr> Drumburton. Those sailors who!
did not wish to remain were brought [
ashore on the tug Alert. j
¦ ¦ ¦ # ¦ — -i ¦ — »
Sailor Loses a Thumb.
• H. 3. TUtFch. a sailor on the United State*
r;r.l-"at Bo«ton. yesterday rr.ornlnr used Ms
!eft thuir.b a* a fender brtwe^n a pulllnc-boat
from the Hoston end the- lenCinjr at Folwom
«r»et wharf. The thumb so badly
<-ru-he<J that at the Harbcr Horpital it was
four.d r.t-ciszry to amputate It.
Damasks Forty Plates.
Thr British efcip Lyderhora. previously re
ported ashore In the River Elbe and later
floated, ha» discharged her c&nco and under
tone a »anry. Forty of her bottom plate* will
.teed to be renewed.
* *
Benefit Will Continue To-
Day and To-M6rrow, and
Patrons Will Be Welcomed
Hope of Saving the
Drumburton Is
Abandoned.
GliEAT LOSS BY FIRE
Women Managers of Old Peo
ples' Home Seek to Raise
Funds for the Institution
Stranded Maggie Is
Pulled Out of
Breakers.
GIVE LUNCHEON
IN GOOD CAUSE
COASTER POMONA, WITH MANY PASSENGERS, IS
RUN INTO OFF POINT REYES BY THE WESTPORT
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER G, 190-f.
7
V 'AuVlaitTlSiaiEXTS.
TEETH OF CHILDREN i
Few mothers know how vitally important
Is the care of. 'a- child's'; first teeth. The
beauty of the permanent set depends almost
TOOTH POWDER
used with SOZODONT Liquid, prevents
accumulation of tartar, yet being' free from
grit does not scratch the ensmel. Do . not
experiment on baby's r teeth. Insist en
SOZODONT.
3 FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABNT KT. Kstabllsbrd
In 1934 for the treatment of l>rlv.nt«
l>N»<ase». I^ist MuiiIkhkI. Debility or
r!is..-us- wearing on body and mind and
Skin Dfiw^se*. Tlie Doctor cures when
others full. Try him. limrp«-n low.
- — T . i'ur>» panraulf wl. :^ Call or write.
Dr. J. V. till! no ST, San Francisco. CsL .
Grand Opening
| *>Sf ¦ New Fall and Winter
jjj^r ¦ . .
: rfdfWMSjifis. -ALL WOOL SUIT-
KV^WmaivtK INGS ln a " shades to
order for *ir» and f 2I»
%£t^J''$X$'y yine ' Imported English
wM^mlfiiaT novelties to order for
fj/, : tawii3i\ trousers.. 95 to $IO
P$/i\w$.¥X Overcoats from
fl3 to *4O
mWuiJLU Fu 'l dress suits from..
ir/iT 41 *'"' " gave 25 ' to
B/'/K Ry ,40 per cent by calling
if if JOB POHBIM
h'| W Th 2 Tailor
kJ Wk. Perfect fit and best
i Jy ""^ of workmanship f?uar-
! anteed or no sale. *
201 Montiromery Street, Cor. Bush,
1110 and 1113 Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
143 S. Spring Street, Lob Angeles.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S gbeat h
dSOSEUH OF fiSiATOESY^
o S^ 1CS1 ial:ss ' s? - u '- 6A *^ t « sr : & d
V cdf The 1 jrie-,t Aaa»mical Mu-.cum in ihr \
ft j in". mi World- Weaknesses or any cvntracvvrf Q
' a»Klfl ¦li'^i^t P»»««'*<-l7c«rei!l>y th- oidtst T
O T5 £} i^cai!istoo thiCoist. Ejt. 36 /cars. ©
A «|^JJ OH. JORDAJ!-D'SEASES OF MEH A
\ \)&fify I Connaltitka (tie «nd %'rirtij pri»it;. \
A I \S)f/fr '. TrnAr-n^m prftonkliv or bjr lener. A A
' \ t Br Si P—itn* Can in crery eai* umicrtakrn. \
nP a \\ 1 h w «» (or &-»&. Faii.«<nrav «r A
V I II >*»nUCIi, MAILK3 FSEB. (AT
A Q tr »»' u * blr baok for <nrn) \
V 1)& JUSUAS A CO, 3031 Mnr^ct Sf..R. F. Y
EVERY BLA1E WARRANTED
"""Ji .and Others
Agree when the subject is the cleanli-
ness of linen that the United States
Laundry cannot be excelled for gen-
eral superiority in this line. A trial
will convince you that your linen
and other goods will look better and
last longer when we have the laun-
dering of them.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MAEKET STBEET.
Telephone South 420.
j*4SSBft&A HEM AND WOMEPI.
(Cyra^xcKiCa'wH C»e Big O for uncatcrai
iRxfitjr la > to 3 d«rsos<| dlncliarges.lcfiaminatlons.
££&$? Oa«r»nSf«J M iriitntiOQI or ulcentlooj
F«*a nil to itrietcre. of tnacoas weaihrane*.
g^— H trm*u c««is«4<i». Painies s. and not utria-
j^atTHtEUNSCHE.MICAlCa. goat or pcisononr
\g£k ClHCl!UUT1.0.|S3>a Said hj DrscslsU,
'It^^w V.&.*,. 2^1 or sent ia plain wrapper.
¦Z^fcffHw^ by exprenB, prepaid, fox
»»XO. or S bottles 12.75.
T m Circular test on mueaS.
BARTLBTT
SPRINGS.
BARTIJETT does not sraarantae to cure
all the Ills that humanity is heir to. but
thousands of people have been benefited
by the use of Bartlett Water and many
cured. v
If you would improve your health and
nave a grand good time, come to Bartlett
Springs, where there is a resident phy-
sician, a manager of amusements and com-
petent masseurs.
Housekeeping cottages, $3 CO to $0 00 per
week.
Send for a booklet that will tell you all
about Bartlett
Write J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs. CaJ.. or call at 2 Sutler St.. San
Francisco. \
LAKE COUNTY
New. comfortable carriages direct to th«
most picturesque portion of California Best
equipped stage line ln the State. Leaves Calis-
tosa dally (Sundays exceotel) at 11:30 a m
direct to Harbin, aiejcler. Adams. Howard, An-
derson, Hobercs, Spiers. Astorgs and Glen-
brook: half tour for lunch at Callstoga: also t.->
Middletown. I*ower Lake. Kelseyville ana
Lakeport. Livery in connection.
WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
For health and pleasure; cure your rheuma-
tism, malaria, liver, kidney, with the natural
hot baths and wondtrful stomach waters a:
SEIOLER SPRINGS
Arsenic beauty baths, mineral swLnjniins pond;
climate perfect: SO guests sleeping out amonsr
the pines: reduced rates; booklets at PECK'd
or of H. H. McGOWAN. Seisler. Lake County.
lass's ourr stoxe.
£gSS"»**^^ 431 KHASZnr ST.
Dealers In Firearms. Fistins Tacklo and
Sporting Goods of All Descriptions.
Camp Outfits of Tests. Bags. Steves, Leg-
glnrs, Boou and Shoes. Send 2e postage (or
100-pase catalogue.
• • a *<qp«p • J /*MenIo Park. on» hour from
il 1 1 1 I I * V citv - N:ne tra'n» daUy. Per-
|3 It 1 9 | jj feet climate; beautiful place-.
»•*** ¦ ¦ w comfort and quiet: excellent
table.
Address W.J.MEKED1TH. Mgr.. Hoitfa School.
THE 1TAZ>I>AC. I.A.XE TAHOS, CAIi.
BOTH PLAN3 — AMERICAN and EURO-
PEAN. Rates': AMERICAN— «3 per day and
upward. $17 60 per week and upward. EURO-
PEAN — Rooms. $1 p?r day and upward. Loca-
tion, service, accommodations, livery and boat-
ing superior to any resort on the lake.
MASK WEST SPBI2TG9.
H KOENEK. PrCD. MRS. J. D. DRO3T
and MRS. H. KOEXER will manage springs;
many imBrovments: new cement bathhouse,
and gas all ever place: *2 day: $10 and *12
week. Office. S:53 Larkln-st.. cor. Geary, or.
Mark Y.'est Springs. Santa Rosa. Rural No. 6.
HOWELL ST., WOODWORK'S f«S
No fog. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and Invlgoratcr. Residence :» years. K
per wrtk. Woodworth U MuUer. St. Helena. Cal.'
KOBTH SHOES HOTEIi — On Tomales
Bay Good, tab!© and accommodations. Hous*
can-lighted. Price* very reasonable. MRS. J._
SHIELDS. Marshalla. Marin County. Cal.
SCHAEFES'S GEOVE — BOSS VA^LITx*.
Private board Inr: terms reasonable. Team
meeta Sunday morning trains. Address MRS.
MATT LLXDSAT. Ross Station. •
ORCHARD HOME — HealtU. rest, comfort.'
pleasure: boating, bathing; fresh milk. egga..
fruit; S7 to S1O week, J. F. ORB. Duacaoj
Will. CaX MM
; '' v PKAGERS
» - - ¦ •
I For the Accommodation of Visitors and the d
I ¦ . Shopping Public J
8 This Department Store Will |
I Remain Open To-Day I
I Before and After the Knights Templar Parade. |i
ft p^^ ALWAYS RELIABLE - H
I [ J* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^U | |j
i All the Shopping Inducements that* have made [1
1 this store popular are still here. ft
ABSOLUTE A- PtJRITV*
-PERFECiV^L MATURITY
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD, Distributors.
212-214 Market Street, S. F.; 216 N. Main Street, L. A.Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-.
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1043, *
Most decorative and dainty mulls, a
part of the Louis XVI revival, are of
fered for house wear, in everything
from white satin hand embroidered to
plain colored kids in all shades.
Townse.nd'a California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st."
We are surprised to learn that Emperor William objected to
the reproduction of his children's heads in the angel setting of a
certain church's decorative scheme. Can it be that the association of
cherubic wings with a member of the Hohenzollern family appealed
to him as another case of lese majeste? '. •¦
yet are not nearly so good as may be
made at home, as one girl has discov
ered for herself, more to the benefit of
her friends, possibly, .than of herself,
'since. their manufacture keeps her busy
for all ' candy-making seasons." ' After
pitting the dates she fills them as full
as they can be stuffed with finely'chop
ped walnut meats, rolling \ the sticky
fruit \ afterward \ In \ the meats .until no
more will adhere to it. It Is then again
rolled in granulated sugar, over a'nd
over, 'and by : this", time; may/ be. caned
ready fur, packing into boxes.
A society of temperance workers in Connecticut recently sent
an unavailing protest to the Navy Department against the breaking
of the proverbial cold bottle at the christening of the battleship de
signed to bear the name of their State. They may at least take com
fort in the reflection that this good wine, so sensibly spilled over a
battleship's prow, will be paid for by the builders of the vessel.
•Summer freckles can be driven
away by a simple home-made remedy,
as follows: Half pint milk, the juice
of a. lemon, one teaspoonful brandy,
boiled . together. Skim thoroughly.
When boiled add one dram rock alum.
The'oily skin is to be bathed with the
following mixture: One quart camphor
water, one ounce glycerin, half, ounce
pulverized borax. Use talcum powder
instead of ordinary face powder when
the 'perspiration is excessive.
SUMMER FRECKLES,
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS —
Subscriber, City. Congress was given
power to determine when the States
should choose eTectors and appoint a
day on which these electors should
cast their votes.. The constitution
stipulates only that the day shall be
the same in all the States. Under this
power Congress fixed a date in 1792
when elections should be held, but in
1845, January 23, the law was amend
ed and the time fixed as the first
Tuesday after the flr3t Monday In
November on which to hold a general
election.
If his Imperial Majesty Nicholas, Czar of all the Russias, grants
a constitution and "liberates political prisoners to signalize the birth
of an heir, who can gauge the measure of his magnanimity when he
will celebrate the cutting of the Czarevitch's first tooth? He may
even grant to the Mikado the privilege of retiring from the war with
an honorable peace. f^-;". * y ~\
FOURTH OP JULY— Subscriber,
City. While It is true that July 4, In
dependence day. Is celebrated in every
State of the American Union, in the
District of" Columbia and in ail the
Territories, also In the insular posses
sions, it is net. In the strict sense, a
national holiday, for the reason that
Congress has not declared it such.
There are no legal holidays In the
United States.
• The tan shoe in all shadings from
lightest pongee to darkest brown is
ruling monarch, and to accompany it
are tan stockings exactly matching all
the leather shades. The long vamp
low shoes laced with wide, heavy
grosgrain ribbon to match the leather
are first favorites for walking shoes,
but the taji pumps with extension
soles and flat* stiff bows are new and
tremendously popular even for out
door wear. *S
TAN, SHOE POPULAR.
TURNING TO BLOOD— Constant
Reader, City. There Is nothing in the
Bible that refers to the sun turning to
blood on the last day. You probably
want to know about what appears in
Revelation. vl:12: "And I beheld when
he had opened the sixth seal, and lo.
there was a great earthquake;" and the
sun became black as sackcloth of hair
and the moon became as blood."
OF course, she was talking clothes, and the woman who sat just In
front of her couldn't help overhearing and finding the remarks
very .refreshing in this, age of dress extravagance..
"When that brother of mine gives a gown honorable mention,' 1
the girl was saying. "I always feel very sure of myself .whenever I
wear it. That's why I take solid comfort in this outfit.
"I rode downtown with Joe the other morning and he astonished
me by saying all sorts cf nice things about my cloXhes. The funny
part of it is that he is always such a stickler for buying swell things
at high-priced shops that I got oft two stations out of my way for fear
I'd tell him the whole story and humiliate him by letting him,- know, how
he had been fooled into praising my little inexpensive home-made gown.
"Yes, I made it myself and it was only 9 cents a. yard at that. It's
fine chambray, too, and such a pretty soft blue, don't you think?
"Then I had the piece of nice linen insertion I had years ago on
something else, and it was just the thing for the front of my shirt waist.
The turnover collar and cuffs I made of a scrap of linen scrim.. Scrim
is cheap, anyway, and half a yard makes stacks of collars and cuffs,
so they cost next to nothing — call it 5 cents a set. ;
"There's 95 cents for the gown AVith collars and cuffs. Oh, of course,
I had to buy a pattern to make It by. .That was 20 cents; so there's
?1 15. ." . ! - •
"My hat I picfted up on a bargain qounter the other day. There
was a pile of "them, and by taking the trouble to hunt, a little I
found just the shape I wanted in this rough black strav/— all for 25 cents.
. • "At the ribbon counter they made me the big black taffeta bow
four yards, at 19 cents a yard, which is all the trimming the hat needs
—so there's my millinery for $1 01. - .'
"My belt is a 50-cent one. A yard and a half of neck ribbon was 25
cents. So there you are, exactly $3 66 for the entire'rig r of hat, gown
and accessories. I feel comfortably . proud of the style'" that at that
price can win compliments from such a superior order of being .-as my
fastidious brother." A ~; : ' " ' '¦ ' ¦
"I should think you would," replied the girl's companion. "If I had
been in your place. I would have gloried in telling him how cheaply,; I
had done, it -all. They do say, you know, that the reason so many, men
stay, single nowadays is because we girls are so extravagant. Now,
perhaps, we ought to let them into the secret of how little pretty'clothes
cost sometimes. It would be a sort of encouragement for - them to
marry."
- "Not much!", replied the girl in the scrim and chambray. . "In that
case I'd have to know .what encouragement there would be for,' us.
Marry a man who expects you to dress on J3 66! Never! You'll be
wise if you never let him know it can be done."— Chicago Journal. ..
POPULATION— E. G., Birds Landing.
Cal. In April, 1904, the population of
the United States was estimated by the
Census Bureau at 79.900.3S9. or 3.709.3S4
¦more than the figures of the census of
1S00.
T""* HE visit of the Secretary of the Treasury to the Coast has had
I a wholesome effect upon politics. This is not because any
*¦ thing was needed to insure the West for President Roosevelt,
for that is settled already. But the Secretary of the Treasury, being
the fiscal officer of the Government, and the one best able to speak
for its revenue policy, can speak for the administration of which he is
a part, to the people who want to hear.
The typically American career of Secretary Shaw has put him
in touch with all of his fellow citizens. He knows how public poli
cies aft'ect the farmer, the mechanic, the laborer, the manufacturer,
the merchant and the banker. He knows, also, that a right policy
synchronizes all of these interests, equally distributing the benefits
and the burdens of government.
This is his first campaigning in California, though not his first
visit. He was here to meet and greet the Fifty-first Iowa, as Gov
ernor, on its return from the Philippines in 1899. The Call has had
frequent occasion to commend his speeches and addresses in the
East on political and financial subjects. He has succeeded in reach
ing the business men of the country with the conviction that the
policy which secures such a domestic and foreign market as affords
constant and well paid employment to American labor is the best
policy for the country. As a champion of the business policy. of his
part}' he is strong and clear, and his visit is highly appreciated by
the whole Coast. This appreciation is not confined to party lines,
for thousands, in the nominal opposition, are actual supporters of the
side of which Secret an r Shaw is such a clear and excellent exponent.
WRESTLING— J. S., City. In order
to be counted out In a wrestling bout
both shoulders must be down on the
carpet at the same time, fair and
square.
SECRETARY SHAW'S VISIT.
To Man She May Marry Smart Girl
Doesn't Reveal Secret of Little Cost
of Her Pretty Home-Made Clothes
Here is the description of a particu
larly pretty linen gown which was
noticeable for some distinctive features
as regards construction. It was car
ried out in natural colored voile of the
openwork etamlne weave and of quite
a lightweight quality and the short
little jacket* vvps handsomely trimmed
with a very heavy make of ecru lace
of openwork design, the pattern being
picked out in white thread. As to the
jupe it was quite a complicated affair
and well worthy of description. It was
quite short, as is always the invariable
rule with the linen gowns of to-day,
and reached to about four Inches above
the.waist line, describing thereby what
is known as a corslet skirt, and the
upper part was adorned with rows and
rows of gathers, which were introduced
in reality on a species of yoke. Below
this the skirt formed Itself into deep
pleats on either side, which were
stitched securely down half way.
PRETTY' LINEN DRESS.
The newest automobile suits are of
leather- — that is, those costumes have
been recently imported from Paris. A
leather suit certainly seems more sen
sible for the purpose than anything
else yet thought of, for not only .will
leather keep out the sharp wind, but
it is also absolutely dustprbof.
Most of these leather costumes are
lined with heavy flannel or cloth, or
again of silk or satin warmly inter
lined with chamois or flannel. For
the summer, however, a silk lining
would be all sufficient.
The coats are long, or coming just a^
trifle below the hips. Many are made
with the full box back and loose front,
but the rather tight-fitting Norfolk
jacket, belted in at the waist, is per
haps more sensible. ' Whatever style is
followed, the collar is 'always buttoned
tightly at the throat, and the sleeves
should be fastened with a cuff at the
wrist For the Norfolk jacket straps
of leather are used just as the cloth
straps on a coat of that material.
FOR THE JOUSEWIFEi
The waxed lining paper to cracker
boxes is excellent to wrap around
small cakes and loaves of bread. 1 It is
fine to clean flatirons with also. .
To prevent tomato soup from curd
ling add the tomato before the milk is
put in, and remember to strain the
tomato Juice before turning It over the
flour and butter.
Roll Jelly cake can be more easily
rolled if the edges of the cake are
carefully trimmed . off, as they being
stiffer cause the cake to break on the
BELTjHINTS.
The vogue in crush 'leather belts Is
as great aa ever.
Black and colored suede are-espe
cially popular.
The handkerchief point is the
fashionable ,belt and finish. v -y;,
FOR THE SWEET TOOTH
The stuffed dates bought of most'eon
iec tioners are always in demand \ and
AUTOMOBILE SUITS.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES,
CRIBBAGE— Novice. Citv. In crib
bage no combination of cards will make
19, 25. 25 and 27.
WOMAN, HER INTERESTING WAYS AND WANTS
O for the kindness that clings and twines
Over life's broken wall.
That blossoms above the scars of pain.
Striving to hold them all.
O for the helpful, ministering hands.
Beneficent, willing feet.
That spread rich mantles of tender
thought
O'er life's hard places, till tlma has
wrought
Its healing— divine, complete!
— Christian Advocata.
Over a winding, wayside wall. "V
Ragged and rough and gray.
There crept a tender, cllr.ginc vine.
Tireless day by day.
At last its mantle of softest tint
Covered each jagged seam.
The straggling wall half broken down
Became with that leafy, tinted crown.
Fair as the artist's dream.
KINDNESS.
It Is said General Miles has made a
great deal of money out of his Texas
oil -well ventures.
H. O. Havemeyer of New York. It Is
asserted, possesses the most costly col
lection of violins in the world.
David R. Francis, president of the St.
Louis Fair Corporation and ex-Gov
ernor of Missouri, began life as a news
boy, and to the sharpness which he ac
quired while acting In that capacity at
tributes a good deal of his success.
There was a convention of newsboys at
the fair the other day and President
Francis told them some of his boyish
experiences, much to their delight.
Goldwln Smith has completed a mon
ograph of Mr. Gladstone, which will be
published shortly. It is. devoted mostly
to personal recollections and to a criti
cism of Mr. Gladstone's literary work.
The Rev. Henry A. Buchtel since he
was made chancellor of Denver Univer
sity has cleared that institution of a
debfof more than $230,000. For several
years he was pastor of the Calvary
Church, East Orange. X. J.
The Insurance companies have quoted
B0 per cent additional for insuring the
life of Prince Obolenskl, who has suc
ceeded to the post of Governor General
of Finland in the place of the late Gen
eral Bobrikoff, killed by an assassin.
The Duke of Sutherland, who Is now
touring Canada. 13 said to be the largest
landholder in the British Islands, own
ing 1,358,000 acres.
HUMOR. ."~
Alas!
Every cloud has a silver llnln*. but
the trouble is cloud3 never come to us
inside out. — Chicago Tribune.
The Ilammock.
"That hammock seems to be worn
out." .
"Well, it is the sole survivor of
three love affairs." — Life.
Where They Were Going To.
Mr. Richmond — Ah, Miss Kensing
ton, look at the coming storm. Isn't
it grand, glorious, sublime and
\ Miss Kensington — And damp.
; Mr. Richmond — Only to look at
those beautiful black clouds: I won
der where they are going to?
Miss Kensington — Why. they are
going to thunder, to be sure. — Phil
adelphia Telegraph.
Sinking of Rev. Blank.
Down in a Virginia town the aged
pastor of one of the churches fell ill
not long ago. He was beloved by all
the neighborhood and a constant
stream of anxious friends rang the
bell to make inquiries. The nurse in
charge was an intelligent negro
woman and she decided to issue bul
letins at frequent intervals. She wrote
them herself and pinned them to tho
front door, and this is the way they
read as they appeared successively:
"Rev. Blank am very sick."
"Later — Rev. Blank am worse."
"Night — Rev. Blank am sinking."
"Morning — Rev. Blank have sunk."
— Washington Post.
Experiments, the world over, show that land requires about
three feet of water during the growing season to produce a crop.
This is averaging all absorptive conditions of the soil and all rates
of evaporation. Italy, in the valley of the Po. has long^established
a scientific irrigation, and the average duty of water is one cubic
foot per second to about sixty-six acres, in continuous flow. But
Italv on the same land has a rainfall of between thirty-five and forty
inches, of which twenty-two inches falls in the season of growing
crops. So the irrigated land of Italy gets about 130 inches of irri
gation water and twenty-two inches of rain, or a little over tv.elve
feet in the season of crop growth.
Oi coarse we Lake Mr. Lippincott in his Yuma illustration to
mean that a miner's inch in twenty-four hours is distributed over a
crop season of ninety days, or 86,400 cubic feet in three months, or
fifteen inches to produce a crop. We refer to the subject again
because many practical irrigators, who are aware that the world has
passed the experimental stage in which many Government engineers
seem to linger, take the view herein expressed, and its publication
may enable explanations that will set them right, if they are wrong.
As a word of caution, we have to say that it will be far wiser
and safer for the Government engineers to underestimate the duty
of water than to overestimate it. Federal irrigation is a large and
serious experiment. It is in politics with the approval of both par
ties, and the failures and disappointments likely to attend it will be
mitigated by moderation now.
MOVED by a desire to dispel illusions before their indulgence
causes loss and disappointment, we recently deprecated cer
tain harmful fancies in irrigation, indulged in by some of
the responsible people in authority in the Federal irrigation enter
prise.
One of these fancies related to the service, or duty, of water, the
quantity allotted to a given area of irrigable land. It had been stated
by one* of the engineers in charge of the Federal work in Nevada
that a miner's inch would irrigate 500 acres o_f land. We regarded
this as an unsound position and gave our reasons. Mr. Lippincott,
another Federal engineer, supported our position, but doubted, in
the absence of proof, that such a statement had been made. But it
was made. It was not advanced as a mere theory, put forward in
an academic discussion, nor was it expressed as a hope, or used
for illustrative purposes to illuminate an hypothesis. It was sworn
to as a fact, stated under oath.
As Nevada was the scene of the litigation during which this
occurred, the matter is invested with some interest, because the
engineer who made the statement under oath is in charge of the
Truckee River project for the Government in that State. The "Big
Meadows" around Lovelocks, in Nevada, were brought under irri
gation and fine production, by using the water of the Humboldt
River. Others settled in above these first irrigators, and proposed,
by building a dam, to take all the water of the river,, denying any
right thereto by the prior appropriators at Lovelocks. But the prior
appropriators fought for the fertility of their fields, and in the ar
duous litigation that followed this engineer was the expert employed
by those who proposed to despoil them. He sought to show that
the first appropriators were using more water than their land re
quired. Basing his testimony upon his own observations at Fresno,
Cal., he testified that in the hot and dry climate of Fresno
and on sandy land one miner's inch efficiently irrigated 500 acres of
land. When similar litigation arose in Churchill County, Nevada,
testifying against the rights of the prior appropriators there, he
made the same statements.
These things are remembered in Nevada, and by the attorneys in
the cases, some of whom are in San Francisco. The prior appro
priators won their cases in the Federal courts. But the testimony of
the expert engineer that one miner's inch serves 500 'acres of land
became the inspiration of theoretical irrigators, and their case was
strengthened when the engineer who verified by his oath such an
extraordinary service 'of water was put. in charge of the Govern
ment work. This is the origin of the entirely inflated expectation of
the amount of land that will be irrigated in the arid region by the
available water supply.
A leisurely examination of the estimates' made by Mr. Lippin
cott. in his letter to The Call, seems to reveal in him a leaning toward
the side of undue expectations about the service of water. He quotes
conditions at Yuma and in. the Klamath district. His allowance for
Yuma, if we understand him correctly, is 680 cubic feet of water per
acre, which is not quite three-sixteenths of an inch per acre. That
is a very thin sheet of water to spread upon land, in a region where
the evaporation is twelve or fifteen feet per year. We doubt very
much whether it will sustain growing crops. If he mean that a
miner's inch flowing constantly for ninety days will suffice for an
acre and a half we have this result: In an acre and a half are 65,340
square feet, which a miner's inch in ninety days would cover about
fifteen inches. He allows eighteen inches at Klamath for^the crop
season, against fifteen inches at Yuma. But the record of thirty
six years' rainfall at Yuma shows an average annual precipitation
of three and four-tenths inches only, while at Klamath it is thirty
six to fifty inches.
IRRIGATION FANCIES.
ABOUT PEOPLE
OF PROMINENCE
THE SA-N- FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPBECKELS ' g*°P rie **
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO M
JOgy McXAUGHT ""^
rCBLirvTION- OmCB ¦ -THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
tttf^t ....SEPTEMBER 6, im
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, .1004.
ANYTHING YOU SAY, MR. PULITZER !
COPYRIGHT 1004 BT SPECIAL, ARRANGEMENT WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AND THE NEW YORK EVENING MAIL.
8W. F. Shields, a prominent business
man of Medford, Or., is at. the .Occi
dental. /
B. F. Thompson, a merchant of New
man, Ga., .arrived at the Occidental
yesterday.
• Assistant General Passenger Agent
I Gerrit Ford of the Union Pacific Rail
| road Is registered at the Occidental.
Robert F. Ford, manager of Young's
Hotel, and Walter L. Townsend. man
ager of the Parker' House, -of Boston
arrived here yesterday and are. at the
St. Francis.
f Dr. E. D. Johnson of Portland, sur
! geon general of the Grand Comniand
ery of Knights Templar of Oregon.'is
a guest at the Lick.
Charles Josselyn and family have re
turned to San Francisco after a sojourn
of ten months in Paris.. Mr. Josselyn
has achieved success in the, affairs of
business and attained recognition as
a writer of books.
Dr. T. R. Heintz of Redding is at the
Palace.
Rev. C. E. L. Wright of Denver is at
the Palace. V-'c
UKIAH, Sept. £.— About 150 pickers
at the American Hop and j Barley
Company's ranch quit work Saturday,
sctrlking for $1 25 per 100 pounds for
picking hops, instead of $1. About
half the pickers are San Francisco
people, the remainder being Japanese
and Indians. " '
Hop Pickers on Strike.
PERSONAL.
The funeral was much plainer than it
would have been under- ordinary cir?
cumstances. . Dr. Gunsaulus preached
the funeral sermon. When he touched
upon the character and charitable life
of the deceased. Dr. Zeigler" reached the
climax of his avalanche of tears and,
despite the presence of four detectives,
pushed his way to the brink ' of the
grave. He walked over the grave of
the late James McVicker in his eager
ness and utterly, ignored the presence
of the blood relations, who stood rev
erently at a distance from, the last rest*
ing-place of the wife of the well known
theater owner. '.
CHICAGO, Sept. 5.— The funeral- of
the late Mrs. James McVIcker at Rose
Hill to-day closed the first chapter* in
the sensational case and with It ends
the bitter struggle for her physical re
mains. With a meeting to-morrow. In
the offices of the Illinois Trust and
Savings Bank the second chapter, a
contest for her wealth, will begin.
Whether Dr. Zeigler will attempt to
participate in the meeting is a matter
of some speculation. The reply^ to the
puzzle is chiefly in the negative among
those who know Dr. Zeigler. . Colonel
James H. Strong, Public Administra
tor; Horace McVicker and his attorney,
L. D. Condee;Mrs. Clara B. Game of.
San Francisco and her attorney, E. C.
Ferguson; Miss Jennie Boydston..of
Sterling. 111., and possibly Miss Minnie
Effey, the latter being the only relative
not mentioned in the will of Mrs. Mc-
Vicker, will be present.
The will will be filed for probate on
Thursday morning and not until then
will the surprise, which Dr.y Zeigler
avows he is going to spring, material
ize, unless .the. medical man changes
his mind.
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
? SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 5. — E.
W. Thayer, a prominent resident of
Ontario, fell from his wheel some dis
tance from his home and struck on
his head, -sustaining injuries from
which it will, take him some days to
recover. He left home in the early
morning and -was found a couple of
hours later unconscious in the road.
When he revived he could not re
member what had happened.
Prominent Resident of Southern Cnl
ifornia Is Rendered Unconscious
.. i^- for Two Hours. -
IXJURED BY FALLIXG '
FROM A- BICYCLE
STOCKTON, Sept. 6. — James Col
lins, who was shot last. week by A. V.
Anderson, died. this morning.. Collins
went into Anderson's tamale cafe and
ordered . tamales, '.but declined' to pay
for them. He assaulted Mrs. Ander
son when asked for pay and also
struck -Anderson; who 'then shot* him.
Collins Dies of Injuries.
Pasadena Physician Makes
a Scene at the Funeral of
3Irs. McYicker at Chicago
When Jones was last In; town he eaid "there
was no Gilt Edge whiskey" where he'd been.
"Must have been to the moon," guessed Smith,
Good ffuesser. that Smith. ¦ •
SOBS AT GRAVE
OF HIS PATIENT
Picnic on Admission Day.
The annual picnic and reunion of
St. Rose's parish will.be held at Shell
Mound Park, Berkeley, on Admission
day. September 9. A splendid pro
gramme of games, races and other
amusements has been prepared and
msny valuable as well as useful gate
and came prizes will be awarded. _
NACO, Ariz., Sept. 5. — Silica, a cap
tive of the ranger forces, who says he
is Dunham, the San Jose murderer,
has been identified as George C. Nel
son, a crook, who served a term at
Yuma and lately escaped from New
Mexico penitentiary. ~
Nelson deceived. the officers, think
ing they might possibly take him to
California for identification and turn
him loose when they found out they
had been taken in.
Man Who Said He Committed Crimes
at San Jose Is Identified as
Escaped Convict.
DUXHAM SUSPECT
AX ALLEGED CROOK
LONDON, Sept. 6. — James Archer,
the portrait painter, is dead, aged .82
years. He visited' America, profes
sionally in 1884.
A?ed Artist Dies In London.
It is impossible to say whether it is
a love match or not. Strong dynastic
reasons for the marriage exist. Only
once, during the last century, in the
case of Frederick III, has a Prussian
King taken a wife, except from a Ger
man princely house. The Emperor de
sires to bring the Cumberland, Danish
and Netherlands courts into closer re
lations with the German court. The-
Duchess Cecelia's brother, the Grand
Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, mar
ried this June the Princess Alexandria,
second daughter of the Duke of Cum
berland, a sister of the future Queen of
Denmark. The Duchess Cecelia is also
a niece by mariage of the Prince Con
sort of Holland. The best loved of
Prussian Queens. Louise, was of the
same family, but of the Strelitz
branch.
The Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-
Schwerin, who is at the Bristol Hotel
here, set any doubt of the betrothal at
rest this morning by telegraphing an
official announcement to his Cabinet.
and with them, went through the prin
cipal streets, which started 'the first
talk of an engagement.
At one time It is said Jones was gen
eral superintendent of parks for
Greater New York and knew person
ally every large park in the world.
Ho was chief engineer of boulevards
and drives for the boroughs of Brook
lyn and Queens, New York, and nu
merous parks throughout the country
were planned by him.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 5. — Aneurin
Jones, 80 years old, a landscape archi
tect of renown, died suddenly In this
city to-day. Jones was a Welshman,
a scholar, and said to have possessed
the most complete Celtic library in
the world.
Famous Architect Dies.
BERLIN, Sept. 5.— The Duchess Ce
celia of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, whose
betrothal to the Crown Price Frederick
William of Germany was announced
last night, is a tall, slight girl, light
haired and brown-eyed. Although she
could scarcely be called pretty, she has
a vivid complexion and is of sprightly
demeanor. The only time she and the
Crown Prince had been seen together in
public was a few evenings ago. The
Crown Prince had called on her and
her mother at the Kaiserhof Hotel Just
before they left for home. After talk
ing with them for an hour the Crown
Prince took them to the station. in an
automobile and found that the-, train
did nq,t start for an hour. He then
asked them to drive around the city.
Alleges That His Sixteen- Year-Old
Son Has Been Slarooned on the
Costa Itican Coast.
- F. C. Yvilson, a lawyer, with oSlces
in the Nevada block, has appealed to
Secretary of State Hay on behalf of
his son. who. he claims, has been ma
robsed at Puntas Arenas, on the Costa
Rica coast by the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Companj-. The boy. H. W. Wil
r in. is only 16 years old, and the
place where* he was left Is infested
with yellow fever. He was employed
aa a waiter on the steamship Panama,
and the officers of that vessel say that
he deserted the ship after having been
disrated for having been caught eat
:r.£ icecream. Mr. Wilson has not
been able to obtain any tidings of his
son, and does not know whether he
is living or dead.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 6. — The
annual celebration of the Chinese
Free Masons was held In Chinatown
just west of this city last evening, the
ceremonies, which were elaborate, be
ing prolonged until a late hour. The
occasion nearly ended with an unpre
meditated holocaust, for the wind
fanned sparks from the sacrificial fire
to the robes of the officiating priest.
"Wing Tong. The other Chinese fled in
terror, but he fought the flames, keep-
Ing away from the draperies in the
room, and finally managed to strip
the burning garments and stamp out
the fire with his bare feet, sustaining
no dangerous burns.
Draperies Are Ignited, but Priest
Bravely Stamps Ont the
Flames.
CHINESE CEUEBRATIOX
IS MARRED BY A FTRE
WILSON APPEALS TO
. SECRITTARY* OF STATE
Machine Plays a Part in
the Engagement of Crown
Prince to Fair Cecelia
CUPID RIDES
IN AUTOMOBILE
Willllam M. Pierson. the £ well
known attorney, died on Sunday
morning :.af his residence, 2214 Van
Ness avenue. , He had been sick for
several months, but his friends were
confident that, he would recover. Last
Saturday he suffered a relapse and
passed away, the next morning. '
'Mr. Pierson was born In Cincinatti,
Ohio. He' came to California in 1852
and received- a grammar school, edu
cation. Afterward, while employed
as . an attorney's - clerk, he stud
ied law assiduously - and became
one of the leading • lawyers of the
State. In 1875 he was elected a State
Senator. He was 62 years of age.
He leaves a widow and two sons,
Lawrence H. and Fred H. Pierson.
William - M. Pierson Suffers 'Relapse
and Expires at His Hoiue.% ('
PROMINENT ATTORNEY i DIES.
By leaving before the sptftchmaking
Morgan- escaped what might have been
a very embarrassing position, and also
possibly for his fellow guest, the Arch
bishop. '
The Archbishop. Morgan and the oth
ers will leave for New York to-morrow.
Great applause greeted British ex
pressions of the Archbishop, such as
these:
"I am sure you are eager in your loy
alty to the great empire of which we
are members."
"Every one here, I am sure, is pro
foundly and intensely loyal to the Brit
ish empire."
"The British ' possess a power which
other nations have not shown them
selves to have^ — that is. the power to
hold an imperial position."
"There -.has been apportioned to us a
power that other nationalities do not
possess— the power to' hold for the
world's /betterment large tracts of the
world's surface;" v *
: . TORONTO, sOnt:, Sept. 6.— One thou
sand representative business men were
sorely- disappoinled^.this afternoon
when. J. Pi erponti Morgan,- a' rival at
traction-, to '-the Archbishop of/ Canter
bury at a luncheon -given'-in' their hon
or by the Canadian -Club, ; excused him
self and left the' banquet -hall. He had
occupied a seat of honor second" from,
that of the Archbishop and next to .the
Mayor of the city at the guests' table.v^
A short while after Morgan left Presi
dent Howell Introduced the Archbishop,
but made no mention of the great fin
ancier. At the close of the banquet,
however, he observed that Morgan had
been unable to stay, having a very Im
portant engagement to fill at 2 o'clock.
It transpires, however, that this was
nothing more than a visit to the To
ronto Hunt Club. There were other
evident reasons for the multi-million
aire leaving at the time he did. Impe
rialism would necessarily be the key
note of the speeches at the Canadian
Club, and as the Archbishop spoke
from prepared notes and emphasized
British Imperialism, it is more than
probable that the absence of Morgan
during these utterances was prear
ranged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MAZATLAN, Mexico, Sept. 5. — Gov
ernor Canedo has notified Louis
Kaiser, American Consul in this city,
that the preliminary trial of Herman
Torres, Fidel Carrasco and Francisco
Castro for the murder of Clarence
Way andv Edwad Latimer, the Amer
icans stiot:*t:£&uas • Callentes, Sinalqa.
has" --been . and the case
turned' over to the "state authorities,
tl ..Torres, ~ who was alcalde of Aguas
Callentes. - ordered the arrest of Way
by the two'vdeputles, who did the
shooting. It" Is not yet known what
punishment will be meted out to the
men, but it Is not believed they will
be executed.
Trial of Jlen Who Killed Americans
-Concluded and Evidence Turned
Over to State.
CASE NOW RESTS WITH
MEXICAN • AUTHORITIES
Financier's^Departure* From
Canadian Club \ 'Function
Gives Rise to Conjecture
-Until recently, • he ; was particularly
robust. When .past SO years of age
he could do a full day's work at his
trade • .without unusual . fatigue. He
was'thefather'of twenty-one children,
,the majority, of whom are still "living.
The funeral was -held here, to-.d^y,. ,:
MII/TON, Sept. 6. — James G. Stana
way Is dead. He had reached the age
of 100 years 11 -months. He was a
native' of- England and- a stonemason
by : trade. . Stanaway worked on the
first stone building erected in San
Francisco.- • - -
DEATH CALLS
CENTENARIAN
TO LAST REST
Firemen, for example, will be given
a year to study a book of rules and
instructions relating to the mechanical
and fuel phases of the locomotive, after
which they are to undergo examination
by the board. Failure to pass with a
certain percentage of merit, either in
the first or second year, will be fol
lowed by dismissal. If the candidate
pass the examination he will be given
a diploma for the place for which he
has qualified. \
OMAHA, Sept 5.— A new system in
the training of engineers and firemen
Is to be Instituted on the Harriman
lines. " Examining ' boards of experi
enced men are"* to "be appointed from
the various mechanical 'departments
whose duty it shall be to conduct rigid
examinations In the duties of the posi
tion for which the candidate is an ap
plicant.
Harriman Will Require Engineers
and Firemen to Pass a Rigid
Examination.
NEW SYSTEM IN TRAINING
OP LOCOMOTIVE CREWS
It was announced from Constanti
nople, September 2, that a fierce fight
between Armenian insurgents and
Turkish troops had occurred at Van
August 31, in which more than a score
were killed. • About one hundred and
fifty Armenians raided the town, cap
tured four houses and barricaded them
selves. Troops attacked the houses and
in the fight which followed two soldiers
and twenty other persons were killed.
The authorities set fire to a number of
adjoining houses . so -. that the troops
might be- better enabled to besiege the
'insurgents. It was said by the author
ities that other "Armenian bands were
preparing to cross the Persian frontier.
Mrs. Foxen was busy In the kitchen
of her home when the accident oc
curred. No one knows exactly how
the shot was fired, the boy being so
prostrated that he could give no mora
than an Incoherent account of what
happened. It la generally supposed
that the youngster was cleaning his
rifle when it was discharged.
Mrs. Foxen was removed to the Cot
tage Hospital and after two hours
breathed her last without having re
covered consciousness. It was found
that the bullet, 44-callber, had en
tered the left side and passed through
the liver.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 5. — One
of the saddest accidents that ever oc
curred in this city happened shortly
before noon to-day, when Epifanio
Foxen, a boy of 10 years, shot his
mother, death following in about two
hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
At the Presbyterian meeting Miss
Gill gave an interesting talk on the
voluntary work in Chinese homes
teaching girls who cannot go to school.-
It was reported that of the 52500 needed
for the hospital in Lyenchuen, Korea,
$1600 had been raised. Of the $3200
wanted for the Girls' Rescue Home
playground, $1400 had been subscribed.
After luncheon, served at noon by the
ladies of the board. Dr. Sturge, just re
turned from a year in Japan, gave an
interesting account of his work in .the
Orient. There were present Dr. Le_wis
of Los Angeles. Mrs. Barnheisel of San
Jose, Mrs. Gilchrist of Arizona and
Mrs. Thompson of Jersey 9 ity -
At the Methodist meeting in the
Book Concern an address was made by
Professor Dixon on the ministry of
John Wesley in Scotland and an ad
dress by Bishop L. B. Wilson and one
by Bishop J. W. Hamilton on matters
pertaining to the coming State con
ference, y
In the government the only • Idea of the
official, big or little, ie graft. From the high
est civil officer In Peking down to the lowest
tax collector in eome faraway district, the-
Idea is to squeeze money cut of the common
people. But it Is the common people who are
turning to Christianity. They learn that there
Is liberty and security In the faith of ChriK
and it is their only hope here and in the world
to come.
Tfc« social and political past of > Chin* Is
bejted en the devil. The Chinaman know* no
spirit except a devilish one, and everything In
the whole empire seems to be' along* these - di
abolical lines. The gods - they worship " are
of the under world and their prayers are for
the purpese of propitiating- the spirits of dark
ness. If a rich man dies his money Is used,
to buy Immunity from punishment in the abode
cf darkness and to build temples to the devil
gods on earth. It is stated in- China that it
cost Ld Huns Chang, the greatest grafter In
all the Flowery Kingdom, a sum- equal to a
quarter of a million to get on the good eide
of the. chief flend In hell. The practical natur
al religion of the Chinese is eatanle worship,
pure and simple. Bven the boasted venera
tion of dead ancestors is for the purpose of
pleasing the spirits of the departed and mak-.
ing them useful advocates at the court of the
Great DeviL .. . . .
There were two interesting minis
ters' meetings on Monday — that of the
Occidental Board of the Presbyterians
and that of the West Side Christians
at their church on Bush and Deyisa
dero streets.
The meeting of the West Eiders was
made particularly interesting by an en
tertaining paper by Rev. I* O. Fergu
son of Fresno cm the imperative, need
of doctrinal teaching and by. an-ad
dress by Rev. W. E. Macklln of Nan
kin, China. Dr. Macklin's remarks
were filled with practical - information
gathered from years of preaching and
teaching In the celestial kingdom. Dr.
Macklin spoke in part as follows:
MORGAN QUITS
BANQUET HALL
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 5.— The Im
perial ukase extending the rights of
! residence and to engage in industrial
| and commercial pursuits to the higher
j class of educated Jews meets with favor
both in the pro and anti Jewish press.
The Novosti, as spokesman for the
Jews, hails It, together with the speech
of Prince John Obolensky, Governor
General of Finland, declaring that It is
the purpose of Russia, not to destroy
Finnish rights, as meeting in a tran
quillizing sDirit the two burning ques
tions—the treatment of the Jews and
the frontier problem. It says the ukase
ends the intricate and vexatious re
strictions against the Jews -introduced
by .General IgnatiefC when Minister of
. the Interior in 1882, and concludes with
expressing the hope that It will be fol
i lowed by the removal of the restric
1 tions which have cut off the Jews from
higher education. ,
The Novoe Vremya, anti-Jewish, in
calling attention to the opening words
of the ukase — "having found it just to
Introduce certain changes prior to a
general revision of the laws affecting
Jews"— says it shows the privileges
now conferred are but the commence
ment v of the removal of various re
strictions on .the Jewish -race, and ex
presses the hope: that the Jews in. their
turn will demonstrate thejr, ability, to
gradually assimilate ¦ themselves with
the native- population, and not make
the privileges conferred i on them .the
means of oppressing j the common peo
ple, adding:" "Persons who enjoy au
thority among the Jews should exert
all their influence'j'ln converting their
coreligionists into worthy citizens."
PARIS, Sept. 5.— A dispatch to the
Temps from Constantinople, by way of
Sofia, says that an official report which
ha» reached one of the foreign Consuls
there states that Armenian insurgents
at. Van, Asiatic Turkey, are success
fully resisting the Turkish troops,
which until yesterday had been unable
to reduce or disperse them. The Ar
menians advanced, to within about four
hundred-yards of the French consulate.
The population of Van is seeking
refuge in the schools and convents. It
is expected that Turkey will mobilize
the Fourth Army Corps and draw
troops from Asia Minor in order to sup
press the uprising.
Parent of the Boy Is at
Work in Kitchen When
the Weapon Is Discharged
Entire Army Corps ..Will Be
Mobilized in an Attempt
to Suppress the Uprising
When Mildred Hopper, a comely sirl
- of 18 years, took her awn life by swal
lowing an ounce of carbolic acid early
yesterday morning: the secret of her
trouble with th<? world, or Its fractions,
died vrith her.
Shortly after midnight Mildred re
turned from & party. This was the
etcry ehe told her mother. There was
a eharj> word of rebuke and the girl
retired to her room. At about 5 o'clock
In the morning Mrs. Hopper heard her
daughter calling "Mother! Mother!"
The eound Earns from a she I In the
back yard. Mrs. Hopper hurried to the
rear door of the house and called: "Is
that you, Mildred?** The answer came,
"Tea, mother; I un dying; I have
taken poison." One hour later the girl
was dead,
Mrs. Hopper cays that tvhen her
' daughter came home Bhe met her at
the front door and reprimanded her
for etaylng out late. This was not the
f-rst time the parent had had to call
her daughter's attention to the impro
priety of remaining out till midnight,
¦but as Mildred explained that she had
been to a party in the neighborhood.
Mrs. Hcpper thought no more of the
matter.
The young woman had left her home
at 1221 Mission street early on Sunday
evening, saying that she had an en
gagement with friends to go down town
to 6ee the electric illuminations. About
1 o'clock In the morning she returned
and "was met by her mother, who had
become anxious because of her ab
sence.
John Hopper, father of the girl, is
a chemist, and on a shelf in a rear
• room he keeps a number of drugs,
among which is a large bottle of car
- bolic add. Mildred must have swal
lowed a mouthful of the poison from
"the bottle and then gone into the shed
to die. Her actions must have been
on the spur of the moment, for the
girl's throat and neck were badly
burned by the acid, showing that she
had hurriedly taken the poison, spilling
much of it in her haste.
Medical assistance was summoned by
Mr?. Hopper, but antidotes failed to
pave the foolish prirl and she died at
• €:25 a. m. Undertaker H. F. Suhr was
Furr.moncd and shortly afterward the
Coroner •was notified and the body re
moved from the undertaking parlors on
Mission and Eighth streets to the
Morgue.
Mrs. Hooper when questioned about
the case said: "I do not think that
there is any reason to believe that my
daughter was crossed in love. She was
a srirl of peculiar disposition and in
clined to be morose at times. I did not
¦ sneak harshly to her, but simply told
ber that I wanted her to keep better
hours. I think that she committed the
fash deed in a moment of temporary
ir.F.inity."
Tho Morgue officials were unable to
"l^arn that any party had been given in
the neighborhood of the Hopper home
on Sunday evening.
Claims to Have Attended a
Party in Neighborhood
When Parent Questioned
Even Veneration for Dead
Ancestors Is Part of the
General Scheme of Worship
YOUTH IS PROSTRATED
RETURNS AT MIDNIGHT
MORE SOLDIERS NEEDED
PROPITIATING FIENDS
PRESS SHOWS PLEASURE
Makes Favorable Comment
Upon Emperors Display of
Leniency Toward Hebrew's
Ten-Year-Old Lad of Santa
Barbara Commits Tragedy
While Cleaning His Rifle
Document Ends Vexatious
Restrictions Inaugurated
During Time of -Ignatieff
Turkish Troops Unable to
Reduce or Disperse Insur
gents in the Town of Yah
Mildred Hopper Swallows
Carbolic Acid Because Her
Mother Reprimanded Her
lieturning Missionary at the
3Iinisters' Meeting Tells
of Mongolian Religion
DEVIL POWER
CHINA'S FAITH
FAIL TO ROOT
THE ARMENIANS
CZAR'S UKASE
PLEASES JEWS
KILLS HERSELF
WHEN REBUKED
KILLS MOTHER
BY ACCIDENT
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6. 1904.
9
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 2 W. C FK^ °4. th ? g&*»£
LrtOI L Ir-CNO Ttvoll Success
MATIMEES iSTKS
i?£r. E , v s E - SERENADE
USUAL. TIVOIJ PRICES— 23c. 50c. 73c
MODERN VAUDEVILLE!
MATINEE TO-DAY
AOTJ EVEBY DAT THIS WEES.
The Great Sinarlnsr Four; Bortoa and
Brooks; Three Mitchells; TOx. and Mrs.
Alfred Xelcy; Klein and Cllftoa; Para
Barnea; Era Williams and Jao Tuci-
er. Presenting; "Driftwood" and
"OUR BOYS IN BLUE."
Prieea — 10c. 23c and SOo. •- ; ,\\'.
Alii. THIS WEES.
MR. FREDERIC BHLASCO Present*
FLORENCE ROBERTS
la Her Wonderful Portrayal of
sapho
Matinees — To-morroir, Friday (Admis-
sion day) and Saturday.
SEATS NOW SELIJNO FOR
"MABTA O7 THE LOW1AITD3."
OPENING NIGHT. STOTDAT. SEPT. U.
"WELCOatE," SIB XHIGHTSI
THE ANHEUSER PUSH
Fannlest Play In the City.
Best Uuslc. Dance*, March**.
Twenty Clever 8seeialUe».
Scenery. Costumlar Unequalsd.
Unrivaled Cast of Burlesque Artists.'
DOROTHY MORTON RICE A CADT
GEORGIA ORAMET BOBBY NORTH
EDWIN CLARK BEN DIUO.V
FLOSSIE HOPE PEARL. TTtrrrMAy
-"-'¦•."'¦ ¦ Beautiful Chorus of Forty.
Night. 25c. 60c and 75c. Saturday sad Bv»>
day Matinees, 25c and 50c.
SPECIAL. MATINEE NEXT FRIDAT
(Admission Day.)
Burlesque to follow. "MIS3 MAZCMA,"
The Musical Goolmans
And a Splendid Snow Every Afternoon
and Evening 1 in the Theater.
INSPECT CABARET DB I*A. MORT.
Hear th» Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
3-BABY LIONSjN THE Z00-3
AMATEXTB HIGHT Tit U US© AT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHIIjPRBy &»
When phoning ask for 'THE CHuifaS.
3IISCEXIiAyEOrS AMUSE3IEXT3.
BASEBALL
AT RECREATION PARK.
Eishth and Harrison streets.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND
Tuesday and Saturday '.••£»*• m "
Wednesday and Thursday j:3O p. m.
Friday - "•
Fridav and Sunday _:3U p. m.
LADIES FREE ON THURSDAY.
Advance Sale of Seats at 5 Stockton St.
AT NIGHT. 7 to lt> P- m. Be sure to y et
the right tickets from the C. A. McNEILL.
I°\UNCH CX>.. otflce and landing foot of
Clay Et.: Jost north of Ferry building.
. - Makes tulr lljht an* fluffy. '.Stops Itching IniUMly
(SrQING^l <3OING>!! GONE 111
lUriClOE ViU. SATE IT. , . . Klf IClflE WILL SATE IT. TOO UTI f 01 REXNC1DL
NFWRRfl't- IIFRPinlliF w'^^Vtf^«S!*5",sSg%:
ntWBHUo ntnnwyc aSM « M^ i -f*«5 5 - s .
Thi Ordinal IssctfLthat "kills tki Dutnrff 6*ra." hair— not the combings." It can be done with
-,,-*¦--•--•• ; Newbro's HerplcMe which kills the microbe that
DONTBLAnB YOUR MIRROR SftSS^S^^
Many ladles compel their mirrors to bear silent hair's natural luster and abundance will return,
witness to needless hair destruction. Day after Marvelous results. ' An exquisite hair dressing.
: Cm Stcm.ti.oa Sent 10c, sttap, to HERPidOE CO. Oept. H, OttrUt, Mich., for a uapSe.
APPLICATIONS AT.PEOMIN3NT BABBEBjSHOrS.
GRAPE-XCTS.
TIIEY LAUGHED
At the Arguments on the Packages.
The husband of an Ohio woman
brought home some packages of Grape-
N'uts one evening and there was much
iifcuEsicn, but let her tell the story.
•'Two years ago I was thin and sickly
and suffered 6o from indigestion, was
very nervous, and could not sleep at
iMgrh't. I was not able physically or
mentally to perform my duties and
was constantly under the care of our
¦ physician. I had tried plain living and
ail the different remedies recommended
by friends, but got no better.
"One day my husband brought home
two yellow boxes and said. "The grocer
wants us to try this food and report
how we like it; he thinks it will help
you.' I read all It said on the boxes
about Grape-Nuts and I remember how
I laughed at it, for I thought it fool-
'.rh to think food could help me. But
the next meal we all ate some with
cream, We liked It and enjoyed the
deliciously crisp and new flavor, so we
k«?pt on usir.g Grape-Nuts, not because
we theusret it would cure me, but be-
cause we liked it.
"At that time we had no idea what
the rc-suJts would be. but now I am anx-
ious to have the world know that to-
day I am a well and strong woman
rhys'.cally and mentally. I gained over
20 pounds, do not suffer from any of
the old ails, and I know that It is to
<; rape- Nuts alone that I owe my re-
stored health. They call me 'Grape-
Nuts' here in the home and all of my
friends have asked me the cause of
.'t all. I have persuaded several of
•them to use Grape-Nuts and every one
"rf them who has done eo has been
b« nefited and I wish it were in my
pov.-rr to induce every one who is sick
to f:\t- this wonderful food a trial.
We Etiil have Grape-Nuts three times
a day ar.«i never tire of_it" Name
?lx'n bv Pcstum Co., Battle Creek,
Ten days on this nourishing and com-
Pletely disestible food will show any
one who is run down from improper
feeding a treat change, sometimes ;
wcrth «nor* than a rjold min? because '
it may mean the Joy and. spring of
r»-rf#ict health. in place cf the o'd ails. \
Trial proves. •"There's a reason."
Look In each pkpr. for the famous lit-
tle book. "The Road to Wellvllle."
AMTJ : SEMEXTS.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT £!f$£ K TO-NIGHT
COLOSSAL SUCCESS.
OLIVER MOROSCO*S MAJESTIC THEATER
COMPANY. OFFERING
the-1 HlUCB the KlIJ
OBTr* Thursday Bargain Matinee: Reserved
-iOw Seats to All Parts of the House.
MATINEES FRIDAT AND SATURDAY.
tftfll BILHSni A SAtt
vULUiwlislJ^ LEADING IHEAVtf
Powell St.. near Market.
7 : Engagement limited to two weeks.
HOTS. — Performances Every ZTisrnt,
INCLUDING SUNDAY.
¦ Matinee Saturday Only.
KYFJLE Oe&eUeU£ VV
And Original Company. Including
E. M. HOLLAND,
•In the Celebrated
Dramatic Study In Criminology.
R&FFf FS THEAMATETO
KArrLLO CKACXSHAS.
PRICES— Orchestra,. $2; dress circle. $1 50:
Balcony, first seven rows, $1; next seven
rows. 75c: Second Balcony, reserved. 50c; ad-
mission 25c.
AT «°< A T A T> Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR .rsrssE
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
With Mats. Thurs.. Friday (Admission Day)
and Saturday.
Evg., 23o to 75c; Mats.. 23c to 50c.
WHITE | AND THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTLESEY
In the Romantic Irish Drama,
ROBERT EMMET
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRANCISCO.
The Original Version by Brandon Tynan.
Monday Sept. 12. MR. WHITE WHITTLE-
SEY in "THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
AS PLAYED BY JOHN DREW.
Bea8\5 B P H^aExs* props
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK — MATINEES FRI-
DAY (ADMISSION DAY). SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY.
Theodore Kremer's Most Powerful Drama.
EVIL MEN-DO
Massive and Magnificent Scenic Environment!
Brilliant Cast:
ODirCC EVENINGS 10c to 50e
rJulE> Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Neat ONLY- A SHOP OXRI.
\ MERCHANT TAILORS. ':
\ 622 Market Street. j!
i Up Stairs, t Opp. Palace HoteL ;!
\ SAN FRANCISCO. [
I Novelties in Imported Wear '
Pfllarp D0N ' T TAIL TO
rdldU; 8 ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
51 fl fl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
P — - 4 PALM ROOM, the
(irflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
H^^IU DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
DIRE CTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PBESH A1ID SALT MEATS. ,
FiC RftYFS k CS) Snl PP' B * Butchers. 108
JAZ* DUlCj g WU. CUy. TeL Main 1201.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
413 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PBINTIUQ.
EC HllfiRFS - PRINTER,
. W. ClUnEDi fill Eanaome it. & T.
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . .
*g^gggggj^^_ fl For Infants and Children.
The fltj u Have
m^^jm^sM]M Always Sought
I AV^gc|abIePfeparaliDnforAs- |g| *^.
similatingthcFoodandBegiifa- \m —. , g
linglheStDiaadBandBowcisor « jjg&rg ttlG m t
Promotes Digeslion.CheerFul- ffl $ *f ll#
ness and Rest.Contains neither m n f &L Jc % ]j
Opium.Morptiine nor>Iineral. jffl Ul i^|\ \ Sjr
NOT ~HXR C OTIC . £i II V JUT
P*mfJo* Seat- v 1 |H^ «
Jlx.Saw* * I 3 1L«1 ¦
r4*iu,sju- I p% Ma ¦- I,.
Atdse Strtt / \ . :»3 a i«M • oil
! fe3&«,. ) M (\ I Jl* l»
ftirmStrd- 1 Sfl 11 JL/ R
— _' |/ff af, flop
Aperfecl Remedy for Constipa- || M [P . WWU
Tion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca £11 \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- 11 Rr^ E«%«* ftiftts*
ness and Loss of Sleep. || V,/* I U I U V U I
Facsimile Signature of ||j
< I Thirtu Yoarc
kewyork. I ininy icdrs
tl |KsWEB^»B^BBBB^ft5sBBBBBBBCailf&lXd9sBBlW^BBSEBBB^S I' 'Js*£l * ' "' ' '
THC CfNTAtlN COMPANY* NIW YOUH CITY*THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL,. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1904.
10
CI— mTOYAHTS.
FROM 'ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
"WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATION . -
. OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
: He has met every expectation,' every adver-
tised promise.
.He is acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exDonent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, -busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries; would
It not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that ycu may meet with better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late...
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE.
vWho is permanently located at
428 Eddy st.: lady attendant. .
Everything strictly confidential. . ' .
Three separate reception parlors."
AA — CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE. '
The First Roistered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist . Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agre* and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, and
what you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
or sweetheart is true or false, whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell every hope,
fear cr ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will improve your condition so you will
reach the createst bossiblc strength In mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
in cuKineBs, mining, speculation; I implant the '
controlling power in your nature so you can
fascinate any one you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and cause
marriage with one of choice - 10 a. m. to 8
p. m.; closed Sunday. S26 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, -perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Examiner .
. bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings an portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not satisfied with life, -or
have dcmestlc, love or business troubles, con-
rult this great medium and you will be told
• liow to overcome them: valuable advice In
' all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; optn Sundays. Tel. Black 45C9. ?
A— Miss M. Wille. 530 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
. tlon: names given; special. >1: hours 10 to 3.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; G.. $1. 714 Franklin. ;nr. G. G. ava.
ISMAIi • Egyptian »«eress. The Vendome, 1104
Market «t.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
t. m. to 5 p. m .; Sundays. 10 to. 12; Wednes-
3ay evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberr. palmlst.clalrvoyant, card
reader: when others fall try me;good readings
28c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.av. Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given; 25c up. 8 Ellis st.
MME WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c,
gents 50c- 951 Mission Bt.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
Dead -trance medium; genuine, unique, success-
ful; circle Tues.. Thura.. 8 p.m. S25 Ellis.
MRS. CLARK, wonderful palmist arid card
reader; ladles only. 421 Hyde st. . .
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates,
facts; readings dally. 917 Market, room 10.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles 25c,
gents 50c. 545 Minna st. i ¦
PALMISTRY, card reading, 25c and 50c. Miss
L. Kahntus. 704^ Larkin: 10 a,. m.-9 p. m.
MRS BAUMANN. the well-kn^wn fortune-
t filter. I is now at 317 Ellis st.
a"~NEW plate— -The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $¦', 50; fillings, 50c;
,' plates $5; full set; all work painless and
' warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. .1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
--No charge for extracting when plates are
made:' old- plates mads over like new: teeth
from $S per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
buildlng.jlOOS Market st.. room 203; all first-
class, dentistry at .low prices.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; nlllngs,25c.
GOLD lilling?. 75c; silver. 35c: Crowns, $2; no
.pain:open Sundays. Dr. A.C.Hewltt,204 Sutter
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
ht. to 5S0 Geary. ,_ j
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.U.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. SQfi Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tlsts. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission.cor.6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
ACADEMY dressmaking. 428 Sutter; only
school that teaches dress cutting, making
systematically.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class;1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plalting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor
EDUCATIONAI..
A BIGGER school than ever. On June 1 we
moved to new fireproof building, 73S Mission
6t., between Tlilrd and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms; better light; finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for. university, law and medical col-
leges; refs! President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— The Paul • Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools: special summer course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned: bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month: life scholarship
$50: position." secured, day, eve. . 723 Market.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.". 602' Van Nes»
¦ ave.:' pcsitlor.s secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1435 Mar-
ket. gurantees positions to graduates: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $8 mo.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec; min..' mech.. sur-
vey. as»ay. cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1S64; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton.' nr. City Hall.
BOOKKF.F.PING. Eng , math., etc.: day and
eve., individual instr. !!05 Larkin St.. Prof.
T.. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSES In short etory writing and Journal-
ism meet on. Mon.. -Wed. and Thurs..'2.p. m..
rC3;> Ph-lan bids.;, terms very reasonable.
ADULT ami juvenile classes now open. Hln-
/ man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
PIANO Wnons by pupil of New Eng.' Conserv-
: story. .30 Glen Park ave.: phone- Jessie 1540.
SPANISH, French.etc. Prof. De Flllppe'sAcademy
of languages. 101 8 Post : . est. 1S71 :ablcst profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally.- Miss M. G.' Barrett. 302 Mont K'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— ———Day and
I PARTUVGTON'S. 424 Pine st — Night; class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Haight;
individual lnstruc: all. branches:, day. ¦ eye.
WESTERN Business College. 1107. Mkt.. cam-
, plete course. $« mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.: private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 925 Golden
Gate ave...S. F.: 75-nnee catalor on request.
EMPLOYMEHT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offiC:
supplies bett help promptly: city or country.
'.K.-IMURA. $'.K> Sacramento. Tel. James, 5261.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best -help at
Leon Seung's. 41114 O'Farrell;; tel. East .426. j
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks," stenographers. 1
general help. "NATIONAL.". Vi9 'Hearst bid. J
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. .415 Stockton; !
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.msr. :teI.Bush 859.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; nil kinds help. 315*Stockton: Main 31S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help;. estab. 20. year*.
| Tel. Main IWT. BRADLEY ft CO.. R40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMAI.E.
EXPERIENCED lady, mlddle-ared; nurse for !
'» infant .or. "invalid, or will -.taJcs • charge of
house; city or country. Address Nurse, 9C3 j
: Filbert 8t., Oakland, Cal. ;
WANTED— Situation by., woman to ~eio , general
housewcrk ', in. small American family. 207
• Minna St., near Third. ¦'.' : .
WANTED— A situation .by a woman to "do
-general housework In small American fami-
ly; is flrst-ciass cook. 107 : Minna at., . near
; Third. ¦* .;...- /
_ ; —~—f ; — .
WOMAN wishes work by, the day; good laun-
'. dress; $1 25 n day;;no postals answered.- 549
'.Minna' st.,7between Sixth and Seventh.'
DRESSMAKER,^"experienced, would like a few
. more ' engagements by . the day : good cutter
and 'fitter; terms reasonable.', CoxSOO, Call.
THEi^fjfCALL
JOHN D. SPltECKKLS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN* McXAUGllT. ...... . -Manager
W. J. 31AKT1X Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
.\>k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
i-cu You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Ij. l:\-erefi by Carrlert. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. 1-er Month. Single Copies 6 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL <includ. .Sunday). 1 year. ..$8.00
DAILY CALL (ineluJ. Sunday). 6 uios... 4.00
I>A1LV CALL— By fcingle Month 75c
MM1AY CALL. 1 rear 2.50
IVEEKLT CALL. 1 Year 100
FOREIGN f nally • ..$M0 Per Year Extra
pn^.-P \ Sunday. 4.13 Per Year Extra
nJ ' u(jE - I Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
feEjnjile Ccpit* mvitt be fcrc.-arded when re-
cuested.
Mail subscribers Jn ordering change of ad- ;
flrtfK should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS m order to insure a
prcrcju and correct core piiar.es with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1C16 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
-US Cester Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON- CORRESPONDENT:
CAilUIZL W. WaLL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
W_<5orf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brer.tano. 31
Union Sq-jare; Murr=v Hill Hotel; Fiith-avenue
HcteJ an* Hcrtmaa Kouse.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: I
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Ncrthera Hote.': Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; ra:_cr Hcuse.
. CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
tLorg Diiiance Telephone. "Central 2C10.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune BuilJir-g
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and T!i!rd streets; open until
12 o'clock every right in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOf'S Market street, opposite Fifth; opea until
11 p. m.
K7 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until
9 :'¦'¦<> p. tn .
S0O Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
039 Me A! litter street: cpen until 9:30 p. m .
f.lT- Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
JP41 Mission street; oren until 10 p. m.
10C Eleventh ttreet: open until 9 p. tn.
IC&c Valencia Ftreet: opea until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 0 p. m.
2200 Fillmore ttreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING IT OTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO Lodjre No. 4. U. D.. ffl
F. & A." M.. Mission Masonic Temple.VNf
Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) at/V\
8 o'ciock.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Charter No. K. R. A. <j
M.. »i!l mrvt THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. S^pt. <3. at 7:3<» o'clock; /^^
stated meeting. By order of th«» H.
P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
GOLDEN .".ate Lodge No. T.O. F. & A. _
M— S-tated nr-^tir.p THIP «TUESDAY) JL
EVENING. »t 7:3.1 o'clock. )Ut
EDWIN L. MEYER. Sec ' ~ »
ORIENTAL Lr.^.ce No. 144. F. & A.
M.. Masonic Temple— Stated meeting ,_Jk^
THI? (TUESDAY) EVENING, at 8 XX
o'clock; the Grand Master will be ' ~^ *
pre?*nt. Master Masons are cordially in-
viy=<!. HENRY E. PEN NELL, W. M.
A. :~. HUBBARD. Sec.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Reg- \srgfo- ,
Blar quarterly meeting at th*ir hall. _5ffr_>
413 auttsr St.. en WEDNESDAY \WSS?
EVENING, Sept. 7. 130*. at 7:30 tr eSP->
o'clock sharp; appropriations and donations
and <ifh<?r very important business. By or-
d*r of J. W. STANEART, Pres.
D* WITT W. TOLL. Rec. Sec.
MARINE Enriiifer?' B*>n»firial Association No.
S"» — Members arc requested 1o attend regu-
lar ireetir.g Sept. 6. at 8 o'clock p. tn.:
b'j«irt*-~ cf importance will rrimo liefore th»
mating. R. .1. MURRAY. Fres.
WM. M. COOMES. Sec.
THE CaMIcrnia Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
. cess frcm Mike Pla.ce;- Mining Com-
pany, in Polar Star mine, v.fsr Dutch Flat.
Placer County. <'al., draining into the Ltttl*
Efar River, -which reaches Feath»r River.
gives noti*-* thgt a meeting to receive any
protests will 1x> held at room 96. Flood b-jild-
irg. Sar. Francisco. Cal.. September 13 190}
st 1 :;o r. — .
BOOK agents— We offer largest var>ty. best
terms, on all subscription bocks. Write or
call on THE J. DEWING CO . Flood bldg.
S. F. "Any Bock." new or holidays.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that is
a <5<>cia*d in:proveni«'nt en building and loan
is worth having. Gr«>at Western Improve-
r.ent Ccmiany. Parrott building.
UP-TO-DATE egent*. either f ex; pcIIs at si K ht:
teed in every home: b!g corr.rnisEicn. 1053
Va*h:r"on st. Offi c -» 7 and S. Oakland.
ATTOEBXYS-AT-IAW.
R. W. KING. Attcrney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.7
€th floor; entrance rocm I'M; established 15
years; all esses, genera! court and office
practice; no fee in advance or for consu'u- i
tion; evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 36U1.
ADVICE free rn s!l leeal matters; divorc-s a
fr»cia!ty: j.rlvat.--. quick; no pay in advance;
TT.:r,'.zis cotrirar.;e» organized, patents obtalne.l
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market *t. ; estab. 22 yrs!
ADVICE free; divorce co»t« $12: quick, quiet-
all law business; no charge unless success!
ful: open yven:n~. !»27 Market, room 204.
COLLECTIONS. attachments. m<»chan!c"*
liene. pmbat<>. teranta ejected. Attorney t£2
Market «.. room 23.
DIVORCE— CosU. $12: quick, qu'et: advice
free: all law busir.ew: nn chars* unless suc-
ce»gful; op^n «-v<r.ingE. 927 Market, room 001.
ADVICE free; <Ii\orce cost* *1^; lio~fees cr
certs in adxence; all law busines*: office
open Saturday evenings. S19 Market St.. r.3.1.
L. S. CLARK. 'C7 Mark't. r. 304; consultation
free; no Ices Id B4vgaee; open ever;ins<>.
PATENTS cbrain-.-l: ?-.frm ntion furnished for
fale of patent*. SONNTAG Asrncy. 214 Pini.
Columbian Law ft Collection Agency, r. 85 916
Market: tel. John *_(i: gollcity your businew.
•_ AtTTOBIOBIMS. I
FOUR cylinder Toledo, perfect conditioX~alTj
Rambler tcurir.e car to trade for real r-s-
tr.tp. diftmnui., or other collateral. Box
'1343. Call cm-*.
RAMBLER cuto for «>1». MOtth firRt-class j
condition. Address box 1101. Call office. '
V.'ILL tra<> : ot in Frultvaie for motor cyle
r.oo— SO. »^I Broadway. Oakland.
SC60— FOR ra!"— 2d h*r,d. 2 sected. steam sur-
rey aut— noHir. u:i Phflan bldg.
ASTHMA C~3B.
1>I NCLA'S Afcthm a Rcmedy~7rtieveTln«ant-
I !y; 10c. 25c. iOc. 1CC2 Market. St. Nicholas-
also V- Ithart. ICth and Washingtoc. Oakland.
BIRDS. DOGrS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots, $5 rach- dog* tvon
',.<>>*. birds, cages, goldfish f n eadton va- I
rlfty. St>e catalogue-. \V. Hartcls. 15,3 Mkt j
HAT.TZ Mountain ranarlcs & African grny nar !
!ots, just reived, a. C. Kob!«o n . :%* KeaVnyl !
BOOKS ~
ECHOOL bock?, old and new. bcughTTnTiioid
DALY & CURRAN. S.-.7 Geary it.
BTTSlSrESS^CHAHCES.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or spII property; of any
descrirUon. duelling or rooming house
grocery. Vutcbcr *!;op, delicatessen branch
Lukery. cisar Hand, ealoon or business of
any kind, do not fail to ca'l upon us- we
ras-y havo Just what ycu want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell SEAL
HOCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market Bt.
rooms 11S-413; telephone Folsom SltS.
GROCERY ajid liquor rtore must be sold on
account cf sickness. 1061 Howard rt.
6ALOONS. madhouse*; ail price*; free list.
iiEL'CES. 10H Parrelt Uidg.. S25 Market st.
A— CAMERON _ CO., " " Phone South 1050.
... 3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for: Kooming-houses,- Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
% . . • • . •
10S rooms; rent only "§5 50 per room, long
lease, up to date,, downtown, modern house;
electric lignts. bells and elevator; . all light
rooms. ¦ weri uurnished throughout; j chance of
liietlme to get nm-class hou»e that Is clearing
$350 to $450 at bargain; has signed to accom-
modate large body of people In coming con-
clave; Owner obliged to leave for Kurope to
settle an estate; make offer: exclusively with
us.
20 rooms, new and. elegantly, furnished, on
Sutter; paying a handsome profit- on invest-
ment; call ftfr particulars.
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fins
downtown location; a entrances; everything in
first-class condition [ good rurniture and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; her« is
Lest proposition in city.
7-room modern fiat, close in, well furnished;
cost $(i00; - a bargain If sold at once; $300.
65 rooms;' best downtown commercial house
in -city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing, flrst-claes condition; will trade for Oak-
land. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 "rooms; cheap rent; very central; good
furniture and carpets; , clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
I2S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown house;- well furnished;
clearing $500 to $000 per month; must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
60- rooms; new, modern'bulldlng; elegantly
furnished; close in; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145;- new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; 'fine proposition;
rood lease. -..¦-..
5-year lease and contract for furnishing ; new
and up-to-date 40-room house; fine central lo-
cation; party suddenly called East.
00-room, new. 'modern 2 and 3' room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; ! most elegantly
equipped In city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness. .
45 rooms: rent only $125; 'first-class locatlpn:
well furnished and good running. order; clear-
ing now over $200 per month: always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
180 rooms; ' grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $b00 per month;
close in; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout: 5-
year lease; downtown: fine respectable money-
making house; part down," balance reasonable
Interest.
fl-room flat; rent only $30; water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell by September
5; price $400. ;
75 rooms: grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years' lease; close' In:
clears $400 per month: $4000 down, balance S
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms; central; 4-year' lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house In city; call
for full particulars; only with'us.
16 rooms; rent $65; good furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell • within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
34 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated;
all In fine shape; fine little apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800. •
Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business for exchange or trade always on hand.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
H. C. DECKER.. Phone John 531
»06 MARKET ST.. COR. STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING HOUSES.
•Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
His success in selling houses, over 28 years
in San Francisco, is a guarantee' of his fair
' dealing. . . He . guarantees, titles and j sells the
bargains to his customers. ' See ' him.
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture $ SCO
60 rooms; Market 8t.:only 2500
8 rooms; McAllister sit.; flat 4^0
31 rooms; to trade for small house ...... 2500
25 rooms; Sixth and Market: rent $100... 1500
15 rooms; Ellis st. ; new furniture ftOO
0 roenn: rent $10; a nice little home .. 200
45 rooms; boarding-house: fine corner .... 2500
3«>. rooms; downtown; reduced to........ 1100
9 rooms; tine piano; on Sutter st 40)
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised.
.6 to 400 rcoms; prices $50, to $40,000.
7 rooms; modern flat: rent $:<5 ...'..¦.... 450
10 rooms: Geary. St.: sunny side; only... 500
TWENTY HOUSES TO EXCHANGE.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
$6000; APARTMENT and 'lodging-house, 66
rooms, modern house: full; lease 2H years;
furniture flrst-clafs and in best . condition:
terms to suit; this 'is a bargain as the
house cost $10,000 to furnish a short time
ago. • •
$750 — House of 38 rooms; ¦ furniture in good
condition: arranged for llgjit housekeeping;
clearing $00 to $100 month clear profit.
SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT, CO.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 41S-410. Tel. Folsom' 3463.
MITCHELL & CO....:
1200 Market st... .Phone Jessie 29S1.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
flats sold suit purchasers: titles guaranteed.
•...-.. .. . .MITCHELL & CO:
24 ROOMS, corner downtown house: rent $S0;
lease; tr?.rs'cnt and steady rooms; will ex-
change tor P.at or larger house; further par-
' tlculars, see my agents, MITCHELL & CO..
. 1206 Market .*t. ¦ ¦-¦¦(. fy ,'..:'.
TO . let — 4, new modern hpuses; unfur.; rent
$5 per r. : central: aloo fur.- houses and flats
for sale; . genuine -bargains; nothing mis-
represented at our office. SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT CO.. 10 Turk st: Phone Mint 741.
FIRST-CLASS 21-rooni lodging-house. Inquire
grocery more. lft^» Folsom st;' ' ¦
$550— LODGING-HOUSE of'8 rooms, well fur-
nished, at 14:; Slv:h it. Call 1" to 5 p. m.
A 17-ROOM lodging-house for sale: cheap. 253
St«venson st. . ' ' . .
CARP ET BEATiyaAWD CEEAjyiWQ.
COMPRESSED Air and • Vacuum Process uni-
versally used for cleaning carpets < on floor
without removal;' carpets' and rugs are also
¦ cleaned by compressed air at j shop: prices
moderate. -S.» F. • Compressed Air. Cleaning
Co.. . SOS Market, st. :.. phones Main 132 and
Bush i'.O. . , . ; , -
WHEN you become' disgusted 'with, your work
. send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer parpet-beat-
ing works. 355-3S7 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN "Carpet denning" Works." 1S00 Har-
rison • fit.: AT cleaning. «e. , . FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.j^
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth s't.— Flrst-clas3
¦carpet cleaning lie , yard. .Tel. 'Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S -Superior Carpet i Beating Works,
, 333 Golden Ufite ave.,. Telephone] East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excel!»nt carpet beating; mat-
. tresses made o\er.-14:!2 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning CO.V402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 301. GEO. WALCOM.& CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. . .1 70S Harrison st.;tel.' Mission 26:».
CORNS,' bunions, ingrowing "nails removed;
painless. PH. WOODRUFF. S55 Market st.
&£& 5PJE^ctioj^^ko^s_^^^
Badtena'nts ejected for $4:* collpctlons made;
city • or - country. ; Pacific .Collection Co.;' 415
• Montgomery,* rooms;. 0-10;, tel. . Main I>5S0. ,
/ CLOTH lypy-EKOVATX-Q. . |
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $l:.ecour!ng and]
* dyeing. Bon'Marche.. Examiner bldg., r. 410;
, "phone Drumm 44.V Call for arid deliver free.
V 3 SPIBITTTAI— SM.' y . ;; _v
MME/V YOUNG'S test- circle 'to-night; 10c.. C10
McAllister; .private i readings .dajly. 1720 Sac-
!raruento «t.,\near Van Ness. Pho^e' East 1165.
W. •" G. KEEG AN « holds ."a '.test-.'*" seance every
* night except Saturday; lOc.'liS. Sixth st.
C.V.MIIler's special materializing seance ; Wed.
. ;¦ eve. j 8 ¦ o'clock; friends ¦ only., -;lC84 Bush ; st.
MRS.- ' W AYBORN. medium; $1> readings ' this
_________________J________
MRS.'rj.-' J. , WHITNEY, 'buflnes*- medium and
i i life 1208 Market st.;* Gait " House. ;*
C. MAYO STEERS: psychic readings by mall $1.
35C8 17th St., San Francisco; tel. Capp 850. ,
p_ATS TO __T — Coatlaned.
flats, 5 rooms and reception
hall- artistically decorated; $22 50. B St..
Third ave.. near Park.
TWENTY-SECOND. *354. nr. Dolores— 3
rooms; double parlors; $13.
NEW Presidio Heights flats; 3333 and 3335 Sac-
ramento St.: sun In every room; 6 rooms and
bath: 20 minutes from Market and Eddy;
owner on premises. 10 to 4. _____
BRAND new modern upper flat. 6 rooms and
bath. 971 Dolores St.. near Twenty- third.
CAPP 10S6 — New sunny flat. 8 rooms and
bath: rooms all frescoed: warm belt.
ELEGANT upper flat. 6 large, sunny rooms
and bath: rent reasonable. 1737 Pa<» st.
LARGEST list of houses and f— ts to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
FREDERICK. 4C4A— That new. elegantly deco-
rated 7-r. flat;2 toitets: m od.plumblng:$27 50.
NATOMA. 714 — Flat 4 sunny rooms: Urge
• yard; rent $14. ________
PACIFIC ave., 2405. near Flllmore— Flat of
0 rooms; gun In every room; large garden.
RITCH. 226^— Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1030. above Powell — A nice
modern flat. 5 rooms and bath.
I SUNNY upper flat. 5 rooms, bath «nd yard. 18
j Shotwell st.. near Fourteenth; $22 50.
| TO let— $7; 2 large rooms and yard. 728^
I Harrison st. . - T
TWENTY-FIFTH, 4150, nr. Castro— New mod-
ern sunny upper flat, 6 rooms, bath. $22 50.
TWENTY-NINTH. 39S3. nr. Noe— Fine sunny
upper flat; 6 r. and b. ; cars pass door; $-0.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3983. nr. Noe— Fine sunny
upper flat. 6 r. and b.; cars pass door; $20.
~_ATS TO IiET— ~~~~I3H_r>.
DEVI3ADERO. 1627. near Sutter— -Modern
handsomely furnished flat of 5 sunny room a.
reception entra ncs and bath; lights free;
rent $35.
TO LKT — Partly furnished middle flat of fl»»
rooms and bath: rent reasonable. Appl/
dally between 1:30 and S p. m .. 73 South
Park.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3331. nr. Valencia— Fur-
nished flat; 4 rooms, bath. laundry: sunny.
FLATS FOE SAX,— — PTTBITISHED.
NOB Hill new flat to let; present tenant will
sell furniture at bargain; no dealers. 1254
California st.
ELEGANTLY furnished 6-room modern flat;
shown from 11 to 1 daily. S24 Geary et.
FOR sale — Very reasonable; furnished flat of 5
rooms. 512 Jessie St.. near Sixth.
MCALLISTER. 1343— Elegantly furnished 7-
room flat. Apply mornings.
PUKaiTU— ~ FOB SA_E.
FOR sale — Furniture for 2 rooms and kitchen:
¦ all in first-class order: will b» sold reason-
able on account of giving up housekeeping.
Call at store, 903 Folsom st.
FOR sale — Parlor set and 100 yards carpet.
Apply at 220 Thirteenth st.. between Howard
and Mission.
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged.
Barger, 439 Valer.cla.ar. 16th. Tsl. Church 3S79.
H. MEYER & CO. pay highest price for fur.
niture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
A FOLDING bed. $S: top mattresses. $2 50.
ANDERSON'S. 10 Turk st.. just off -farket.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 00 down. $1 00
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 840 Post st.
~U&« 1"-." u — E "WANTED.
ABE LEVY. "" ™~
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Je«si« TO.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estlmatst,
SECOND-HAND furniture wanted. 1143 MU-
sicn St.; phone Folsom 2713.
HX_~ WAIT TED — PE2HAI.E.
COOK, notel. Shasta Co.. $40; cook (kitchen
helper kept). $40; 3 small hotel cooks, city
and country. $35; cook, little washing. Boss
Valley, $.'S0; housekeeper, 2 gentlemen, French
cooking. $00; 4 cooks. German families, city.
$30-$3o: 2 maids and seamstresses, city. $23: 4
nursegirls, city and country, $23-$oO; 4 second
girls. $20. $25 and $00; parlor maid, country,
$o0: 2 kitchen helpers. $23: head waitress,
commercial hotel, country, $35; 10 waitresses,
city and country hotels. $25 no. and $1 56
day: cook. 3 In family, Ross Valley; house-
work, 3 in family. Rons Valley, $30; youns
cook, 1 lady. $25; nurse for invalid lady. $35:
44 general housewcrk girls, city and country.
$20. $25. $30. call Tuesday. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO.
Stenographer. $S start.
Girl, housework, city. $1 day and found.
Waitress. $25 and found.
Bookkeeper, $50. T
Office open Tuesday all day.
509 Hearst building.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng'.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering row;
three positions to fill Immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up; leading
school in West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — PACIFIC College teacfies hairdresslng.
manicuring. eUctrtc massage, etc.; give 9
hours' practice a day: add parlor practice to
schooling: secure positions: day and evening
classes: absolutely no connection with any
place on coast. Call 133 rowell st.
A — GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In one month for $15: positions as trimmers,
talesladies.etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up:
.day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.r. 13.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS AND COTTONADE PANTS.
STANDARD FACTORY. COR. GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Experienced skirt and alteration
hands: apply Wednesday and Thursday
mornings between 9 and 11 a. ra . at Hale
Bros" .
WANTED — Competent baby's nurse: references
required: call after 1. 2615 Buchanan «t.
WANTED — A leather burner: recom— enda-
tisn. 224S Flllmore St.. near Clay. , -
FINISHER on cloaks and suits: steady work:
good wages. L. MINK & CO.. 1C0 New
Montgomery st. ¦' "^' '. • '-•.'
OPERATORS on cloaks and skirts wanted at
once; good pay. M. SIMINOFF. 1223 Market.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
GIRL for cooking and general housework.
small family. $30. 1238 Sherman at.. Ala-
meda. Morton station, narrow gauge; call
after Monday.
WANTED — A younsr girl for light housework;
no cooking -or washing; good home: wag»s
$10 a month. 150S Fell st.; phone Page 425.
GIRLS and dressmakers to learn new Joy sys-
tem dresscuttlng. JOHNSTON. 131 Post,
room 2.
A PIE and cake baker In delicatessen, with
reference. 307 "Van Ness ave.
GIRL for general housework; 3 adults; no
children. 2595 Grove St.. Berkeley.
WANTED — Errand girl. 13S Geary st.
HEI.PJWA— TED — MALE.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT*BUREAr%
642 Commercial St.. near Kearny •
I Phc.ie Bush &J3 JOHN L. DRECHSLER,
Machinist, company work. $60 and fd and
increase; LOOK. NEW WORK. IT'S GOOU
en COAST. .12 laborers, that's you. $2 23 to
$2 &0. day. special cheap fare. CALL TO-
DAY; 5 swampers, woods. $35 fd<:-cook.
mine, besw h*re: 2 miners, $9<1: 15 laborers;
ton~imen. pipeline, $67 50 to $75. NEVADV
to-day.
WANTED — Single poultryman; must hav« hid
successful experience: wages $30 and board;
good steady place for right party; glv» full
- particulars as to self. Address E. VAN
EV.F.RY. Krlen Vale. Cal. .
WANTED — Bootblack at barber shop; steady
wcrk. gap California st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 508 Howard st ; no
Sunday work.
WANTED — Experienced male stenographer:
state age. previous employers. Box 930. Call.
WANTED — 1 chair barber-ehop; country state
¦ price. Box .927.
EXTRA waiter want—:. MARTIN'S, 13 Third
street.
EMPLOYMEHT "W 'ASHPED— ~em*l«--Con.
A LADY wishes a sosltlon as a seamstress In
private family: thoroughly competent; also
good cutter. Box S05, Call office. ]
BOOKKEEPER— Lady, capable and competent,
desires good position: good references; state
salary and particulars. Box 822. Calloffice.
A YOUNG girl wishes position as waitress in
private family; best of experience. Box »>>b.
Call office. ¦ '
WANTED— A position as housekeeper in a
small family by an elderly Eastern, lady.
M. J. H.. box 811. Call office. ¦
SITUATION by reliable woman in small Amer-
ican family: general housework. 20T Minna
st., near Third.
EASTERN woman — ant» situation; eood cook,
baker and laundress; sleep home: references.
Address Cook, box 890. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants pp3ltlon as cook, pri-
vate family: sleep home. Box 820, Call.
COLORED woman would like to do washing
and ironing at home. 115 Moulton st.
NEAT young colored woman wants work in
private family or umall boarding house;
country preferred. Box 649. Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER and laundress by middle-
aged woman; city or country. Address room
15. 612 Fourth sU
WANTED— Position as housekeeper with small
family or to care for children: private family
cr rooming-house. H.. Box 847. Call office. |
GOOD dressmaker will go out by day during I
this month: $2 to $3 day. 650 Stevenson St.. |
near Seventh. ' ' ' f
YOUNG woman wishes position as dressmaker.
I 535 Oak st. '
A MILLINER wishes a position. 1074 Howard
street. - -.
A WOMAN wishes work by day. Apply 255
Minna st.
GIRL. 15. wants position in an office. Box
CSS. Call office.
YOUNG lady wants position In a dry goods
store. Address box 830, Call office.
WOMAN would like to work~by the day. 342
Minna at. . , ,
WANTED — Position as cashier; experienced;
restaurant; references. Address box 856. Call.
! A YOUNG girl wishes position as nurse girl;
best of experience. Box 835, ' Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day. - 317 Clara st.
WANTED — By a competent woman, position
as chambermaid. 520 Third st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WAirnSP— MAX.E.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, chauffeur;prl.famlly:
city cr country: steady position preferred ;best
city and personal references. Box 797, Call.
GARDENER wants situation care for gentle-
man's place; understands care of horses,
cows, etc; German; sober, reliable; refer-
ences. Box 1076, Call.
BARTENDER. German wants situation. Box
926. Call..
PLUMBER — First class; not afraid of work;
city or outside of city. Box 922. Call office.
STRONG, willing young man wants to go — s
tteamlltter's helper. Box 021. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position In hotel
or private house: can do all repairs and al-
terations on electric lights, call bells and
telephones: Is willing to work as handy man.
Address EDWARD. R. S., US Eddy st.
GERMAN (28 years). 2 months here, wants
steady position; speaks little English; any
work where he can learn the language qulcK;
city or country. Box 842. Call office.
FIKST-CLASS driver wishes position in pri-
vate place; understands gardening thorough-
ly; all around man; sober and reliable; good
reference. Box 1194, Call office.
WANTED — Position as salesman or manager,
city or country, by young married man: ex-
perienced In grocery and ¦ provision- lines;
. with At references. Box 853, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and chauffeur for
private family: city or country; steady po-
sition preferred: very best city and personal
references. Box 797. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER: expert bookkeeper. 18 years'
experience, desires engagement; collections
and correspondence a specialty; salary mod-
erate. Box 791. Call office. .
A FIRST-CLASS licensed non-unton plumber
wants work from property owner; has all
necessary shop tools; city or country. Box
799, Call office.
YOUNG Frenchman.- 23 years of age, wants
to work among plasterers as helper or learn
the trade. Address L. A. K., 515ti Bush st.
WANTED — A position as collector by a young
man of experience; references and bond fur-
nlshed if desired. Box 1001. Call.
STENOGRAPHER, typewriter, desires position;
office work: references; $G per week salary.
Box 85S. Call office.
MILLWRIGHT — Non-union man; first-class
East?rn reference; sawmill. Box -1371. Call
office. Oakland
JOB "carpenter: strict attention paid 'fire Jobs;
prempt and reasonable. Address Carpenter.
• 435 Seventh St., city.
SITUATION wanted by a Scandinavian to
work In a warehouse or hay barn or lumber
yard; good worker. Box 1150. Call..
PLUMBER wants steady work. 204 Ellis st.
room . 24.
GERMAN wants position as porter or lunch
man. Box 1004, Call.
WELL-KNOWN experienced salesman wishes
a position in wholesale or retail business.
Box 1003. Call.
YOUNG man would like situation as appren-
tice In machine shop in city. Box 804, Call.
BARBER wants position in downtown shop.
JU P.. 12S Twenty- eighth st.
WAITER wants evening Job. Box 803. Call.
WATCHMAN wishes poettlon. 1074 Howard
6treet.
CAKE baker wants position In country. Ap-
rly C25 Clay *t. .
WANTED — A position as stableman. Address
1S24 Oek it. .
JOB wanted as delivery wagon boy. Box 866.
Call office.
POSITION wanted as porter in liquor store.
Box ,9$. r >. Call.
SITUATION in wholesale house as Janitor.
Box 110S. Call. . ,
SALESMAN acquainted with saloon trade de-
sires a position. O. S.. 455 Minna st...
WANTED — Place as cash boy. 330 Natoma st.
GARDENER wants position for two days per
week. Address 1524 Golden Gate ave.
POSITION, as' night, watch— an. Box 823. Call
office."
SITUATION wanted by bookkeeper. Address
bo:: 1011. Call office.
YOUNjG man wants a Job in a wholesale
house. Box 100S, Call, office. . '
BOY wishes work in wholesale house. JOS. A
FRIEDMAN, 620 Washington St.
AN excell-nt young Japanese student wishes to
work for f;w hours In .forenoon; speaks v"«ry
well. Address box. 925, Call. .
JAPANESE couple want situation: prl. family
J man us first-class fancy cook, wife waitress
! on table; 15 years' experience; good recom-
mendatlons; $t;0 ur». • "Shlrai3hl. RJS Jessie st.
\ A JAPANESE gooilboy wants a situation as a
schoolboy or house cleaning in a small family
K. N.. 53."i, Sixteenth tt.. Oakland.
CHINESE, very cood cook, wishes a position
In family; city or country; wages $33; best
i-'ferences. Tel. China 116. between 8 and 11
a. m. : 734A Jackson st.", room 21.
1 CHINESE first-class cocl> wishes position in
I private family. '1110 Stockton St.
TI.AT3 TO LET.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list:
service- absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will nave you time and
trouble. Ccrdes , Furniture Co., 243-253
Geary St., on the square.
TWENTY-SIXTH, near Folsom— Just com"
pleted: elegant corner fiats of 0 rooms- $•»•> ta
and ?25. » ' •*- **>
: LYON.1H4 — Fine, large modern upper flat of T
¦ rooms and bath;" rent $40. Near Golden
, Gato Park.
I BPSCTESSjCHAyCES— -Oontlnnfea.
I A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
i a Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of busies* chances.
FOR sale— Well furnished 5-room ark,' moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing; also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and " equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilet; closets; everything
strictly new and modern ;. accommodate 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
.obliged to ko East; make offer. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant: best coast city In Cali-
fornia; over 4000 population; sold as whole
or separately; fine proposition; has the but-
ter business of the town; extensive interests
elsewhere only reason for selling; books open
for Inspection. For particulars, see CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. "
FOR Eale or trade — Quarts mine: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for rmg.-hs. or business. CAMERON. 3 Eddy.
AN ideal resort. 30 minutes' ride from city;
7 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets fcr $100 every Sun-
day; electric carR direct; clears $4000 per year;
price $2200: for further particulars see CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Well equipped millinery store;
beautiful showcase.", counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location: fittings cost more than
price asked: blir snap at $1000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
! FOR sale — Best little restaurant in city; down-
town; doing good business: cheap rent; own-
er has other Interests and can't devote his
timn to it: snap; $500. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy Bt.
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. *
I WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities: loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott square,
Buffalo.
FOR sale — A country newspaper in lively
town; paper in 17th volume; will be sold
cheap on account of ill health of publisher.
Apply Call office.
A CHANCE In each State to engage In manu-
facturing a patent needed in every family:
no competition. Address box 003, Call office.
BUTCHER business averaging $150 dally; ele-
gant fixtures; fine location; trial given; In-
vestigate. 538 Eddy st.
FOR SALE— A good paying restaurant; come
promptly: must be sold;, at a bargain. 1647
Devisadero st., near Sutter.
MEAT market; ohe of the best, both for loca-
tion and trade: everything complete; price
$750; cor! Fifteenth and Sanchez.
$2400 — GROCERY and bar; choice corner in
Mission; reasonable rent; lone lease; no
agents; Investigate this; a bargain. Box 46S1.
WANTED — Retired captain or suitable party
to start bay and river freighting office; free
rent; good location. Box 778, Call.
WANTED — Good carpenter to go In business;
good chance for good man. • Call 27(3 Hart-
ford st. - ¦ -
FOR sale — Grocery and 30 furnished rooms;
corner near Santa Fe track. G. M:. 4610
Grove st., Oakland.
GCOD paying established harness, carriage
and trimming business; selling account sick-
ness. Box 1339, Cal! office, Oakland. ,
A— DELICATESSEN: big cash trade; will sell
very cheap: wqrth investigating. 217 6th st.
RESTAURANT foV sale in Richmond district.
Address box 1030, Call office.
CHOP house :for sale; good location. Box
1C83. Call office.
SALOON and grocery for sale; established 15
years. Cor. Fifteenth ave. and Q st. south.
51500 — CASH or security; established grocery
and liquors; no opposition. 1099 Poet st.
CHICKEN ranch- for sale; cheap rent; 360
hens. 811 Silllman St., San Bruno road.
WANTED — Saloon. HIS Market St., ¦ room 2.
WANTED — Restaurant HIS Market St.,
room 2. '
CORPORATION tormlng; two directors want-
ed;. $3000 each; old est. bus. Box 802, Call.
FOR sale — A stoneware plant. For particulars
address box -70s. Call.
FOR SALE — Partnership interest - In a S. F.
law firm. Address box S55. Call office.
CANDY and pastry store; 3 finely furnished
rooms: big stock; bargain. 525 Taylor st.
FOR sale — Fine Bulletin route. Address A.
SCHROEDER. 149 Pacific ave.. Santa Crui.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement!) and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st., opposite Fifth.
Or»n until 11 P. Tn.
rOB SA_E.~
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance, cor.
3d and Market sts. Phone Black 3607. Hotels,
Rooming and Apartment Houses for sale.
(Special No. S3.)
HANDSOME apartment house, 85 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished; rent only $450;
long lease; over $10 per day clear profit;
for sale at a great bargain exclusively by
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 16)
ONE thousand dollars less than Its value will
take a nicely furnished 16- room house; quiet
and respectable; clearing $7<5 per month See
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 9)
ONLY $150 cash and $350 In payments buys a
well-furnished 9-room house, on sunny, side,
north of Market: Income $73 50 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 10)
ONLY $450 for 10 rooms, near Post st. ; rent
$46; all sunny; good yard; cheap. I
• MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 14)
NEAR Van Ness ave._; only $57, rent: modern
house; good furniture; It rooms: splendid lo-
cation. This week everything for $850.
' MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special) Transient?
TRANSIENT houxr. grandly fitted up; properly
. managed will cl^ar over $100 a month; 10
rooms. Particulars only with - \
MARION GRIFFIN:
(Special No. 17)
HANDSOMELY furnished; highly respectable;
* quiet and homellkfe; , 17 rooms: reasonable
rent: low price; clears $G5 to $75 a month
the year round. • Very " desirable house."
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 30) ;l
PARTLY furnished: 30 rooms; 19 newly fur-
nished and 11 unfurnished: $130 rent, with
lease: owner must sell;. $1250 buys It.-: '
r< ..-.•.>-¦". MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 27)
TRANSIENT 27-room corner house; 4 years'
lease; clears $200 a month. . . . • ¦:
• . . ' MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special No. 31)
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; clearing $125; all
permanent roomers; reduced from $4000* ' to
J280O. If you want something nice- let: us
«how you this. - --.-. MARION GRIFFIN.
: (Special No. 60) ¦ ...
CHOICE location; Ctt rooms: rent less than $5
' a room for the building;' lea~; 'oak and ma-
hogany furniture: body Brussels and velvet
carpets.' A very. dependable house and a big
money maker. ..MARION GRIFFIN.
(Special: No. ".; 19) ~" 1
SWELL corner hou**, nr. Van Nees: 19 rooms,-'
large, sunny and beautlfi.il? 'furnished: grand !
neighborhood. See this. Mgh-clast> house. ,
, ¦ ; ' , - - MARION. GRIFFIN.
WELCOME, »S~. KNIGHTS.:
.'..If you^are looxiug for.........;..
.A growing * city to | locate. V". . .". . . .
... >....... .The city of opportunity.:.
............. ..Is Ban Francisco."'...'. ..'...
Fcr profitable and ¦ safe Investments.'-
See HINKLEY,- 1020 Market Bt., opp. Fifth 'st
Of course you want the best. •
We've made a tremendous reputation
On our houses, which, *for Style,- ¦• - •.
Price and- Furnishings, • cannot be excelled
C. E. HINKLEY, • PHONE MINT 79«.
1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH ST.- '
Former Patrons • My Best References.
CA LL » FOR MY • SPECIAL
LIST OF BARGAINS; :
, WEDNESDAY MORNING.
LODGING-HOUSE for. Bale; 2o rooms;. down-
town: ell. full ; dears '$S0 ! per 'month;, rent
$100. Address, box-. 1400. v Call .office.
'FOR SALE — House '"of 28 r^oms; modern;. with
lease; • chenp r rent;- full -lill- the < time;- near
Alhambra Theater. Box 1114/ Call office. ,
BTTSnnSSS CgAlirCES---Contdnnea.
A— ?2500; HOTEL -with 27 furnished rooms
»cro<:s the bay; 5 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying; finest location in
pood business town. R. G. WTLKE. 2C;4
» ICcarny et. ______
A— $»C0: CORNER ealoon on Fourth St.: rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
* years and well paying. See R, G. WILKE.
* 26 '4 Kearny st.
' A— $12S0; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice-
cream and candy store; rent $45; daily re-
ceipts about $35; business clears from $150
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>Vs
Kearny sk •
* A— $20C0; HALF interest in •old-estiblislieJ
commission store; butter, eggs and country
I produce; a good business: retiring partner to
leave this city; a rare chants for Kood man.
> Fee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
) A— Sll'OO; CORNER ealoon on Folsom mi.; rent
) $26; place doing a first-class paying business.
: S*e R. G. WILKE. 2«^4 Kearny st.
) A— 51750; UAKERY. estab. many years: daily
k receipts $50; baking 3>£ barrels day.very best
i locafn. Particular* R.G.WILKE.ttf^ Ktsrny
i ¦
> A— $1250 — COFFEE and tea store with route of
customers, horee, wagon, etc.; In best bud-.
ness townacross the bay; full value In r-i^ht;
a well-establiehed and good-paying business.
See n. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
, A— $1500; CORNER saloon; in choice location
cf the Mission; rent $20; place established
Imany year^ doing a good-paying business.
See R. G. WILKE. 2C»4 K'arny «t.
, $2000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elsgant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75. including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part cf this city. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26>i Kearny st.
t A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bak-ry and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25:
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market st. Call R. G. WILKE. 2f>V4
', Kearny Et.
A-J22C0; ROADHOUSE; the best in Sonoma
I County; house of tt rooms, orchard, etc.; 4>/j
years' lease: Investigate at once: a rare
, chance. R. G. WILKE. 2GV4 Kearny st.
A— $1800; CORNER saloon; about I block from
Chronicle building: lease; one of ino oi't lo-
cations in this city; rare change. Ste R.
G. WILKE, 20% Kearny Et.
A— $C5O0; SALOON, one of the best on Market !
St.: 4U-ycar lease: rent $107; place is ele-
santly rtttod up and never clearing less than
$350 rcr month. See R. G. WILKE, 2t>',i
Kearny st.
A— $2600; HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 23 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
¦ alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse.
wagin and :! cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
. WILKE. 26 ij Kearny st.
A — $2000: CORNER saloon; living rooms;
place cstabl. years: doing a good-paying busi-
ness; lease; sickness of owner compels him
to sacrifice. R. G. WILKE, 26V» Kearny Bt.
A— $3iC0: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
«.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800: a well established and
fii>-t-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'4 Kearny Et.
A— $>oO: CORNER cigar stand on water front;
rent $2r>; vslue in sight; a good business.
¦ See B. G. WILKE. 261-i Kearny st.
A — $1750; GROCERY and bar; lepated in the
best manufacturing town of San Mateo Co.;
cash trad*; rent $30; 4 furnished rooms;
Wse. See R- G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny st.
A— $2(«e}: CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
in wholesale district; owner bought ranch
snd fcaciifice*; ealoon established years; a
fir*t-i-la?s paying place. Se? It. G. WILKE,
1'6'i Kearny st.
A ,«SCO: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
tent S.'.O: flace doing a fine business: sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no night or
Boadity work. R. G. WILKE. 26!^ Kearny.
A— $:uv:<v ELEGANT Barroom, with mercan-
tile lurch; on Montgomery st -> vicinity of
California.; clac? must be sacrificed en ac-
count <jf ill health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 26 (i Kearny st.
$2<i'O— PARTNER in wholesale and retail wood
and coal business in most prosperous inte-
rior city; horses, wagons and all improve-
ments; owner there for years; large trade.
OAKLAND BUSINESS AGENCY, HOS Web-
et-?r fct., cor. Twelfth, Oakland. '
fl2Q0-^BESTAURANT and oyster house; one
of the best across the bay; most desirable
class of cuEtcm; owner compelled to sell ac-
count of being employed in other business:
genuine offer: best in its line to-day. Apply
1106 Webster st.. Oakland.
ATTENTION— If you wish to dispose of your
restaurant, saloon, grocery or hotel, call en
us. THE OAKLAND R. E. AND BUSINESS
AGENCY, 1108 Webster, cor. 12th. Oakland.
$7?0 — COUNTRY hotel and bar; good loca-
tion for right man; nice furniture; pleasant
climate: near car line: heavily traveled
county road. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE
AND BUSINESS AGENCY, 1108 Webster 6t.
Oakland^
ATTENTION — If you wish to d/spose of your
rettaurant, saloon, grocery or hotel, call on
us. THE OAKLAND R. E. AND BUSINESS
AGENCY, HOS Webster, cor. 12th, Oakland.
THE SAWYER-BLETHEN CO..
HIS Market Ft.
Business Exchange. Real Estate and Loans.
J'.'S") — Restaurant; good locatlcn; seats 80;
everything in fine condition.
$T2ro — Rooming-house; 25 rooms, all full;
few blocks from this office; clears $100.
$100 — Cigar stand; fine place for young
man.
$l."0 — Cigar stand; worth double the money.
$5CO0 — Meat market: clears $500 per month;
invite close invertisation.
$4P0O— Grocery and delicatessen; on cor-
ner: J! HviiiK rooms; clears $250 per month.
f$lCOO — Grocttv; &iock will invoice amount
*sk«i.
£27r>— Cigar stand; fine location.
$1 1. C1C0— Furniture and hardware: low rent.
SL'.MO— Restaurant; seats 70: newly refur-
nished. ¦ ¦
; SIT*— PARTNER in honest business: will pay
you $10fi per mo. with your services: short
hour?: investigate. 1VM Market St.. office 2.
FOR s=nlf; — 2-chaIr barber and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call. office.
CIGAR fctands— ?150 to $2000; all p3rts city:
40 to selr-ct from; free list. HEDGES, 503
Parrott building-, S25 Market et.
STATIONERY, candy, bakery, delicacy, gro-
cery stores: 150 to select frcm; free list.
HKDCES. 009 Parrott b!dg.. S25 Market St.
BREWERY and bottllne worns for sUe, very
r'j.sonable. or v>-ill take a partner who can
take charge cf the business: a good and com-
plete works and a good trade, wholesale and
retail. SEAL ROCK INVESTMENT. CO..
IJ12 Market St.. rcoms 41S-419.. Tel. Kol-
fom 34<JS. ¦ <
FOR sale at a racrlfice and agreeable terms,
or to leJ".«» for 5 or 10 years: a fine located
ticmo and established health T#«crt. 27 rooms:
et-vral mineral springs on It: old age the
iauFt. For particulars inquire or call at
MRS. IlOPl^IN'S SPRING, Bartlett Springs,
Lake County. Cal.
$150'— PARTNER: n«ed partner more than
•nor.«y: call at once. See BERG. 31S Kearny.
$1200— ROADHOUSE; lease '4 - years to run;
rent $SO. Sfe F. BERG. SIS Kearny St.
BEFORE you buy cr sell, call and s«e me.
' F. BERO, ."US Kearny st. .
j ESTABLISHED Etaple manufacturing firm
desires -services of reliable, energetic part-
mr with $750; large and Increasing profits:
rt'j r-ompetltion: permanent; steady income;
experience unnecessary. Box 4687. Call office.
FOR sale — In Los Angeles, a well paying fam-
ily liquor store, which also ' does some -Job-
bing trade v.lth saloons;. In one of best lo-
cations; price *30<*>. 'Address E. ISRAEL.
1S12 W. Seventh st.. Los Anzeles. £ •
FOR Bale— The furnishings snd . lease of . a
hotel in live town near San -Francisco: con-
taining 23 bedrooms. • 3 parlcrs. • 3 dlnlng-
rooir.s. kitchen, pantry, barroom, card rooms,
etc. Box 1127. Call office.
I $150— PARTNER In an honert business that
J -.vill pay you $100 per month, with your ser-
. ' vices; t-hort .hours; "Investigate.- 1130'Market
{ St.. office 2.
> LOCKSMITH, electrical and general repair
« shop, one of the best located; in the city,
at k bargain; owner retiring." Box 1140
Call, office. /
RESTAURANT for eale in a busy town near
San Francisco: will seat 50 ¦ people; with
rooms above furnished; rent for whole place
$70; will BCll-for $1700. Box 989. Call office.
FOR SALE-rThe best located country hotel In
California: v.ill tell property and furniture
at a bargain: clears • $900 per -year-above
expenses: price $10,000. Box ¦ 908. Call.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery | and - pe-
riodical business, with a long lease; on ac-
count of sickness of owner. ' Apply to E
BAUER. S. F.. News Co., 342 G«-ary st.
$900— RESTAURANT for wile on a principal
business street and- near Market ¦ st..- with
rooms upstairs: this Is a good stand.- Box
1200. Call office. . . -
HA1CKRY for sale; 5 years' lease. '* Apply 1550
Church «t.
\//"^I T /^ A M DT ]X/ An Ql^T T EQUAL ..¦FACILITY." BY PLACING
Yl )\ J V^A N l)\ J I V J i\ ; THE RIGHT SORT OFANADTHE SAN FRANCISCO:- :GALL, .-.TUESDAY,. SEPTEMBER 6, 1904.
11
VIA -TO ESAI^ESTATB.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo #l*o-
trtc car3; 45 mlnutfs from 5th and Market
sts.: outside the fog belt and Just b-yond
-.h«re the S P. Co.'a bay shore "cutort"
will join the main line; second subdivision
now being offer«d: 50-foot lots from $40O up:
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer nwl water pipes in
front of every lot; puTe artesian well water;
half the lots In subdivision No. 1 were soM
tn two weeks: an except tonal opportunity
to secure a Jot in thJs aesirable section on
easy terms; take the electric? cars and get
off at LOMITA PARK: maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBY, RODGERS * CO..
Tel Main 873. llr> Calif cmta s».
E-.arB~U-.ST BEAT. ESTATE. i':.-'j :
FOR sale at a barsaln: baauttfut 4-room m *&-
ern home In Elmhurst; close to electric cars.
Apply to owner. W. B. MALICK, contractor
and builder, corner Eur.nyside *t. and Orch-
Mrd ave.. KImhurst. '
ALAMEDA ADVEKTS ? 3TTS
AIiAMXDA EE 4.X. ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE.
WE WANT AN OFFER.
NO REASONABLE OFFER REFUSED-
Alme«t new 8-roorc bouse: fine martn* view;
house ts thoroughly modern; porcelain bath,
etc; cement basement; $30OO.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Agents.
1422 PARK
ALAMEDA SAVINGS BANK.
JT5C0 — House of 12 rooms, southeast eorner
Grand st. and Alameda ave. ; 75 feet on
Gracd by 133 on Alameda ave.; also lot
In rear. 45 feet on Alameda ave. by
150 fset deep.
$2-C0 — Ttro-stcry house of 8 rooms) and barn:
£4x120. »ast side ot Sixth St.; 90 feet
ncrth of T-ylcr ave.-. XiH Sixth st.
$3220 — Two -story house, south line of Enctnal
are.. 14S feet east of Union St.; 1S12 En-
clnal ave.
$1950 BUYS a hr»me In Alameda: a snap: 7-
room house; large lot: fruit, flowers; leading
avenue; little cash. See owner, 21 Spear St..
S. F.. U5»»airs.
BERKELEY APVEKT'S'NTS
3-SKELET REAL ESTATE.
JUUDdae
j
I LJ LJ I i>! I H L
jm "*¦?* in."— ¦— ?**'"*" r ~''*' - < *^ y — ****** ' ' ""•— » •
*S/*>»rrrt/GAr ?B= **
BUILDING lots at Dwtght way station, Berke-
ley, fronting on Shattuck ave.. Ward. Der-
by. Fulton and Ellsworth sts.: street wort
complete, sewered, graded and macadamised:
splendid surroundings; new buildings; on
line of Southern Pacific ar.d Key route: lots
50x184:6 each: prices $SCO to $1100 each.
Terms if you want them.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
Sole Asents.
25 Post St.. San Francisco.
ALBEE & CORYELL.
SPECIAL BAKC-AINS IN REAL ESTATE.
$1 COO— 5-r cottage near ccr. Ashby ave. an-
San Pablo; large lot.
$1,550 — 5-r. cottage: Delaware st.; $250 casn.
¦ balance aa rent.
$2,400— 6-r. cottage near Ashby ave.; $5CO
cash, easy terms on balance.
$3 500 — 7-r. house: new; sunny and central
location: large lot; $50O cash, balance-
as rent. *
$4,0C9— S-r hcuse; new ; Walnut st.; fronts
the bay; desirable location for a home.
$5,5<X>— 10-r. house; Bancroft way; soutH
frontage; near U. C.
17,500— 40-r. house and barn; Durant a-e.;
south frontage; large lot: best location.
$600— Residence lot near station; street
work completed.
$2.4CO will buy 80 ft., 2 residence lots, on
Blake St.. bet. Dana and Ellsworth; ft
real spapt
$1,250 buys lot. 50xl4S. Berry-Bangs Tract;
most desirable location.
$2,100 buys fire residence corner, frontlnj
south and east, in Berry-Bang* Tract;
a bargain t
' Resld'i.ce lots in all parts of Berkeley.
$14.C)O— Business property: pays 6 per cent net.
$30,000 — business property; pays 6 per cent net.
$18 500 — Best available business lot in the city.
$23,000 — Best available business corner In th«
ALBEE & CORYELL.
2139 Center at.. Berkeley. Cal.
SVAPS tn cottages and lots; ranches for sal*
& in Oakland and Frultvale; also property for
sale and exchange in any part ot United
States; call on me before buying elsewhere;
no charge for conveyance to you to what w»
have. L. BLODGETT. 1101 East FltteentH
st., Oakland. .¦
TO RENT.
In the best part of town, fine corner nous* o«
10 rooms, basement and attic: rent |80.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Berkeley station.
NEW 7-room house, large lot. MOOO^ParkeEsiL.
near Dana. Berkeley. W. E. FRENCH, iSU
Pine ft.. San Francisco.
BARGAIN— $1600; 8-room house, well. barn,
chicken-bouse, 50 young fruit trees, lot xlsx
207- one block north of Corbin station. West
Berkeley. Inquire of F. BEVIS. on t_»
premises.
FRUITVALE APV'T'SMNTS
rilUITVA— E BEAT. ESTATE.
FOR SALE— $2750; It east $3750: — nta tor (30
ner month: 2 cottages on lot. 40x150. Apply
Jo S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Tw«nty-t_lr_ a**..
East Oakland.
BARGAIN— $2500; complete cnic-en ranch _
Frultvale; stocked with fine white Leghorn
chickens; part cash, balance $10 pep month.
Box 1370, Call office. Oakland.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
«f advertisements and subscriptions baabeen
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
rBUTT~A— E BOOMS.
3 FURNISHED housekeeping ran.;
try, bath, lann..- yd. 1—7 Fremont av..yt-U.
OAKLAND APVERTO'I-TTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
QA— XJ.-TP BEAIi ESTATE.
LOTS. LOTS. LOTa.
Only one block from Key routo station. 40th
st. and Telegraph ave.; trains every twenty
minutes; monthly round trip ticket- $3; only
thirty minutes' ride to San Francisco; no
Real Estate Agent and Owner.
Key Route Station, 4Cth st. and Telegraph ar_,
Central Oa.i.nrt
OVLY $50 per front foot: several •leiraat ""•_?-
dence lots on the boulevard, facing. _— •
Merrltt: several elegant homes eorutructed
this year and more In the course of erection;
over 700 feet already sold; get In be for* It
Is all G° ne^ MACDONALD ft CO.. .
1052 Broadway.
SI CCO CASH $12 monthly; chicken ranch; eot-
tage of 3 rooms, brooding-house 11x30. barn
12xlti 2 fine chicken houses. Al brooder. 2
incubators. 12 lots. 150x256. all fenced and
cross-fenced, fine well of water; sandy loam
so.l: an Ideal ranch for chicken business;
near electric cars and large public school.
etc., adjoining East Oakland; call or scad
(or circular. 455 Seventh st.. .opp. Broadway
station. Oakland: carriage/ free. H. Z.
JQNE3. Land Owner.
Continued on Paga Twelm
HO&SES A^r)jw-AGOWS--Ocatina9a.
AUCTION sale of horees. wagons and harness
e\ery Wedn«sday at 11 a. m. 327 SUt'.i St.
WAUONKTTES. eurrcy;!. buggies, wagons, har-
bp's, M-nrk and driving horses. ].">th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO -ST.
A— PH1NTED lifct cf hous€8 to let; send^for ch>
rular. Q.H.UMBSEN: _• CO.. Jq Montgomery.
TO let — House of 10 rooms on California st. ;
rent $40. Inquire at N. .W. cor. Mission
end Tenth. Cal. House wrecking. Co.
WALLER. 1311 — Modern house; 9 rooms, bath
and billiard room; heaters, etc.; rent mod-
erate.
BUSH. 1225— Upper part of house; 5 rooms,
bath: rent $2C. Apply 1223 Bush st.
HOUSES PPBinSH-P— rOB SALE.
EDDY. 621— Furnished house of 14 rooms; r«nt
t'i2 80; location central.
FOR sale— Furniture of 4 rooms: cheap If
taken at once; rent $15. 015 Licvna st.
COTTAGES TO *•£"._
LOVELY runny cottage: C rooms, bath. Cor.
Dolores ar.d Cumberland: Mission warra belt.
COTTAGES "WANTED — SUBURBAN.
WANTED— Furr.l'fced cottage; 1 or 2 hours
from city. Box llf.2. Call.
INVALID
SOLD, rented, exchanged: manufacturers of
Eam<?« tricycle cfcair. 201S Mkt.: tel. Park 77fi.
. I.OST A2TP rOUNP.
LANE Hospital graduate's pin; name L. M.
IJKNN1S eneraved on same. Reward on re-
turn to the Ross-vcll. 1360 Pine st.
LOST— In Mill Valley Sept. 5, cuffs with
studded gold buttons; suitable reward. «>5
California Market.
LOST— Bull terrier tiog; large white pup; ears
cut. 5C1 Buchanan st. ; reward.
I LOST — Young- blue Dane dog; collar license
en; reward. S371 Twenty-first st. '
FOUND — Society emblem. Owner call at 1090
Valencia st.
LOST — A package of papers consisting of copy
and printer's . proof. Return to H. S.
CROCKETT &. CO., printing department, and
receive reward.
LOST— A passbook wltb the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of THOMAS ROY. No. 130-358. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of CATHERINE BOWEN. No. 171-1521.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — All of our competitors; reduction In
prices and quality o; stock did It. SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutler St.. phone Grant
197; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817.
LOST — Red curly-haired dog; several broken
t**th. Return to 179 Corbett ave., H.
SCHRODER, and receive reward.
$10 REWARD — Lost, Sept. 2. young fox terriers
had on ret collar and nickel band; 1 black
ear. 442 Fulton st.
LOST — Brown Pommeranean dog. Reward if
returned to 2301 Lacuna st.
FOUND— .Small gold breastpin. Inquire 1362
Post st.
LAUNCHES FOR HXBE. .
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
tt.: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
J. Mlchaells Launch Co.. Unlon-st. Wharf; boat-
lr.g & excursions. 5 Steuart st.:tel.John 26sa
MATBrMonnAi..
A YOUNG German of some means wishes to
correspond with young lady or maiden; object
matrimony. Box 1144, Call office.
MATTRESSES AOTB TOIOWS. = '
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
5 process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.: phone South 218.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fees. CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FP.EE; 17 years' experience in all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you are In trouble, confide In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fortunate. My time Is devoted exclusively to
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Est. 14 years. DR. R
H. WESTON. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH, specialist fcr all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe^
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st.. opp. 6th.
VALPEAU'S female pills: best regulating pills
sold: Price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge ar.d tablets; price $5. By express only
en j*ceiDt of Drlce. OSGOOD BROTHERS.
¦ wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the r.iost difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office 1018 Market st
MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth St., room 9, pos-
itively cures rheumatism; magnetic, vapor &
steam batbs. . Office hours 10 a. m. to 7 p.m.
DR. and Mrs. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
cr'glnal method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. QWYER. 511A Leavenworth st.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: eafe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny * Clay.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom St., corner
2«th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.-
MINES AND MIjnCgfQ.
EQUIPPED mines and good prospects; reports
guaranteed; rjalms In Tonorah district,
Nevada: buyers Investigate. S. C. TRAY-
NER. 4 Sutter st.
MISCELLANEOUS— 7OB SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, englntr, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, nhafting. etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper?.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-har.d machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 11)5-197 Fremont st.
FOR *:ale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tab'.en; «asy payment.*; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: mcd#rn bar fixtures;
cheap rrlc«?s. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER*«52 Mission st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair tt with elaterlte. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for n»w roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINGsfO.. 713 Market st.
AA— 19 VARIETIES of thoroughbred chickens,
pigeons arid geese. Ingleslde Poultry Yards,
807 Mt. Vernon ave.; Ocean View car to
steel bridge.
HOLPTEIN-FRIESIAN. young bull. first-
clasn pedigree: sire. Perfection of La Siesta.
29.G50. dam. Mint cf La Siesta, .50,559. ISO
Mateo St.. cor. Chenery.
SAFES and DESKS— As we are going to" move
to New Moutgcmery St., and to avoid moving
stock will sell at big cut In prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
TOURISTS — The b«st assortment cf souvenir-
In California woods, burnt leatherette,
KINGSLAND ART SHOP. cor. Haight and
Devisadero at*. ...
A. BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELA W, 253-255 _p«;ar st. .
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st-. room 12. upstairs.
J COOPER gents' full-dress rental . parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton st..
upstairs.. ¦ ' - !
TRY our men's sho»s • at $1 and $150 pair;
foot-form shoes at • $2 50: we pay expn-s»
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog ue*.
FINE sraphaphone, 72 cylinder records; cheap.
Call K12 Castro, forenoon or after 4 p, m.
2D-HA'ND bldg. material; lumber, door, saslt.
plumb material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mkt.
ELASTIC «tocklng»7*$2. FactoryTo7 O'FarrelU
removed from 40 Ellis. 3. W. HOPEWELL.
FOR t.ale — Fine largo safe, wltb steel vault; '
slmcst now. Inquire 354 Hayes ct.
A 21S-EGG Petaluma Incubator for eale cheap:
rood as new. 12s Andover ave.' „
HELP WANTED— MA-E—Coa-ilnttetl.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
lf*> placer miners Alaska; many Masons. will
make up this rarty; can earn $.10 per day
in t* wteks: i>articulsrs &t office.
lioyi«. $¦» to $ti; call «arly. • ¦
Can\af:-crs. periodicals, forae travr'.'.nj.
Ma:;«£Fr. dairy Implements, lvnla.u. C30
start.
Bill cl*rk. country. $5';.
Two janitors.
Ktejpr. fnntlnjr. $12.
Carpet salesman! $15i\ . 1
Tailor. Palo Alta
Cl-amrsgne. salesman.
Bellboy, hotel. $15 and found.
Manager, dry goods, $150 ptr month.
Office opev. Tuesday ail day.
509 Hearft building.
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
612 MERCHANT ST.
Wanted— 2 good men for outside work
among contractors and t>u*ln*ss firms; good
contract for men who can get business.
i C b-jtch»rs. $50 to t!W per month.
6 n-t«frs 'all-round men). *3 r*r <5ay. 9
hours This Is an extra ?ooJ Job; boss at
this office.
2 mucker^, tarn?. $2 CO per day.
Rror.g bey of I* for electrical firm In city,
??5 per nionth to rtart.
laborers for city. %1 25 to $C 50 p«r day.
La borers, long job. $1 70: board. $1S mo.
Men and families to pick hops, $1 rer 100.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
i 14 3d St.. nr. Call bldg. Phone Bush 4'J5.
Government work, Nevada, ship to-day,
cheap fare, fee $1.
25 teamsters and laborers. 52 50 day.
Kcr> jilckfrs; Ecncma County; hop pickers.
Free tentr: board 50c a day.
$1 pe,r hundred pounds; pay dally.
Waiters, city and country, $30. $35. $40.
¦ Checker, wholesale department. $15 week.
2 waiter*, city. $2 day.
4 dishwashers. ?7 CO to ?10 week.
Tinner, all-around man, $4 day.
V carpenters, hout*. et^ady, $ j 50 day.
2 t-hinglers. long Jo», $1 per M.
Your.g man. a ejlsiant packer, wholesale.
2 teamsters, city. $2 25 a day.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S.
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS.
420 Bush st.. 642 Clay st.
10 house carpenters, country. $3 60 a day.
Free Fare. Long Job. Free Fare.
10 fcraper tea meters, free fare $1 25 found.
Teamsters, laborers, Nevada. $3 60 a day.
Extra and steady cooks, waiters, bell. ele.
vaior boys and kitchen help, $2 to $5 day.
$15 to $50 nionth.
C. R. HANEEN * CO.
429_Bush St.— 642 Clay st^
COACHMAN. $35 and found; man about place.
$30 and found; y»ung shoe sales-
man for country. $65 and commission; 3
lumber pliers. $2 50 day: laborers for woods,
$30 and board; single-hand miners, $3 day;
laborers for mine, $2 50 day; harness clean-
er and buggy washer, $2 day; choreman, $25
and found: fruit farmer and wife. $50 and
found: sash and door maker. $21 a week;
blacksmith helper, $35 and found; cooks,
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C2S Sacraments- st.
AT HORD & SMITH'S. 7 "
Contractors' Agents, 95 Third st.
Laborers, city, $2 25.
Laborers. $2; 9 hours; for big company, near
city.
Carpsnter. $3 25; 8 hours.
Laborers for company; a year's work; $2 day
Scraper teamster, $1 25 and board.
Ranch hand. See boes here.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON ST.
Closed tn hoaor of Knights Templar from
10 to 2. Wanted — Butler. $45; second but-
ler. $35; assistant waiter $30; 2d cooks. $75
and $50; kitchen hands of all descriptions,
steady and extra; porter, $30; janitor, in-
stitution $25 etc.
. : .
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Walter. $35; dishwasher. $35; steward, $45.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
floor manager. Apply Wednesday and Thurs-
<lay morning between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS'.
WANTED— A shoemaker; steady work. At
345 Third et.
BARBHK shop tor sale; $75. Inquire this
office.
BEER drawer wanted at 1053 Market st.
COATMAKER. GRAHAM _ CO.. 214S Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley.
WANTED — First-class barber. 1211 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
required; constant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured: special Induce-
ments this month: catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — At Independent Agency. 612 Mer-
chant st., buggy washer, $75 per month, call
b«fore 10 a. m. ; laborers, c.ty, $2 25 and
$2 5O; cooks, waiters and others.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeepers, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with up free of charge. HOUD
- EMITH, 85 Third rt.. S. F.
WANTED — Men and boys to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. Address 4973-5
Easton ave,. St. Louis, Mo.
. , _____ 1
WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
Government positions. Apply for free cata-
logue giving prrticulan<. Pacific Correspond-
ence Institute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market tt.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 47S. Parrott building.
MEN and women, learn the barber trade;
wages paid while learning. HAIGHTS. 647
Commercial -t.
SALESMAN and manager for our Portland
branch store, hardware and machinery. G.
G. WICKSON & CO., 34-36 Main St.. S. F.
WANTED — An all around blacksmith by the
15th. Call coi. Hlcb and Fourteenth sts.,
£an Leandro road.
BOYS of various ages for stock, cash and
wrapper*. Apply Superintendent's office, The
Emporium.
TWO young men to learn the barber trade.
For particulars inquire -751 Mission st. -
SHOE repairer: steady job; no night work; eld-
erly man pfd. MAJOR REID. 273 Natomn.
Contractors and emplayers of labor throughout
the State to communicate with Independent
Employment Agency. €12 Merchant St.. S. F.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 & $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d et., Ejm. bid. -open till 9 p. m.
FOR eale — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call office.
MEN wr.nted at 137 3d St.. wh?re shoes are re-
paired bv machinery ;sewed sales 10 mir... 7.1c.
WANTED — Young man to learn barber trade;
wages paid while learning. 741A Howard.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Mont?y..r. 415.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBE9T. SIT Jackson it.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
th* world at HERMAN'S. 27 Eteuart st.
PENSION Atty.. E.ABullls. r.40, Phelan bldg.
Part Com. Gco. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHHSTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar- j
Let — 700 roores; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'but and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVFRTIPnMENTS. Kubjcrlptlon. received at
Coll branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts,
ALL sizes men's fboes. slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission tt..- bet. 1st and 3d sts.
GET your *hoei- half-solsd while walttng: 25c
to r/)c. RC?. MifFlon gt.. bet. -1st and 2d sts.
SO-ICTTORB.
HxTERIENCED canvassers, (6 to $9 day. 1114
Washington St.. Oakland, r. S. 10 to 12 a. m.
HOBSES AND WAOOHS.
HANDSOME carriage, with imperial metal
mounted double harness; suitable for livery
or back. 1011 Sutter st.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round; near Elarfc Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson. S.F.
SADDLE for stale; Al; 1st prlie leather work-
ers' picnic; beauty. Barber ihep. 1551 Market. '
FOR sale — Two ctty-broke Shetland ponies.
513 Thirty-second st.. Oakland.
FOK sale — Cheap; 10 fine surreys, with or with-
I out rubber tires. 1503 Foiscm st.
FOR SALE— Top buggy, piano box, $50. Box
I1C0. Call office. .
DRIVING borne for ¦ sale. 7 years : old. Box
1020. Call office.
NEW end s^^rond-haud buggies wagons aur-
r - C: w - tVEKTSCH. lt*> Colden Gate ave.
I'YjK falf — r-'cdillf hcri-'f. biarli. S|jar.i.-h broke,
centle. fir.c looker, at 329 Jessie *_.
EEA J, ECTATE— -CCTY^---rO^SAj^.^ I
BALDWIN & HOWELL. !
25 POST ST.
$7.«5O— Frederick st., vicinity of Panhandle; 2
new modern flats of S and 6 room* and
bath; rent for $57 50 per month.
$3,200— Elizabeth «t. : pretty cottage. 7 rooms
and bath: lot 23xS"J: pleasant home.
vil.OOO— O'KarreU-st. cor.; 2 houses. 2 stores
and 2 flats; rents for $158 per month;
• fine location for new brick building.
C-2.60U— Federal St.: 2 flats of 4 and 4 rooms
and rear house of 4 rooms; rents for
$22 50 per month; Investigate this.
510.000— Powell St.. rear Filbert; stable for
30 hnrsea; fine lot, 50x137:6.
5U.u©«>- Waller St.. near Clayton; 2 sets of
a flats each: rents for $105 per month;
lot 27:6x100; pleasant surroundings.
$3,500— Williams st.; delightful location; cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath and 4 rooms
in basement; oractlcally 2 flats; near
th<? electric cars.
$5.0C0— Twenty-first at., near Valancla; 1 flat
and 2 floors above; could be easily con-
verted into 3 flats; rents for $45 per
month; in the warm belt.
$1700 'FOR a choice building lot. 27:6x110:
sunny side Union; ready for building; marine J
view; cheapest lot In w. A.; Just what It Is
assessed for; must be sold; fine lot for 3
flats: a eplendld buy. W. J. GUNN. 530
California St.. Savings Union building.
$9S0 EACH— 2 lots. 25x120; east side, the side
that so many want to buy on. Eleventh ave..
225 feet south from Point Lobos ave.; well
located; graded; 6treet graded, macadamized
and sewered; will setl en installments: small
: amount first payment; if you are looking for
a lot to build on be sure to see these lots.
W. J. GUNN. 330 California St., Savtajs
Union buildlnr.
$3750 — GOOD business corntr. one of the best
In Richmond: NE. cor. Clement st. and 10th
ave. 32:6x100; very likely will be transfer
corner. W. J. GUNN, 530 California St..
Savings Union bulldlnz.
ONLT A FET- LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Choicest lots In the Excelslur Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on nrest
grade; close to fine school; not far from the
Mlsrion-st. electric cars: secure one as sn
Investment and by the time It Is paid for tt
will have doubled In value the way prtcet
haTe advanced during the past year: buy
now before prices become prohibitive tn this {
rapidly growing section.
W. J. WHITE.
23 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Mala 5704.
ATTENTION. KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
OWN A LOT IN CALIFORNIA.
The California terminus of the 6anta Fe
Railroad and the Standard OH Company Is at
Richmond. Just across the bay from San Fraa-
cl»co. These corporations, with the Southern
Pacific Company, are spending millions of dol-
lars there, making It the great manufacturing
city of the West. Make monev. '
LOTS $5 PER MONTH.
Call or s?nd for free maps.
RICHMOND LAND CO.. Crocker Bldg.. S. F.
$3000—2 FLATS, 4 & 5 r &¦ b; 234 Day st.
$2X90—2 flats 5 r i b; 221 Twenty- seventh st.
$2800— New cottage. 5 r 4 b; Mission & China.
$2600 — New cottage. 6 r & b; 43S 29th st.
$2700— Cottage 8 T & b; 150 West Park st.
$1100 — Cottage, 4 r * b; 240 Hearst ave.
$300 — Cottage, 4 rooms; 3 lots; 714 Munich.
$1300 — Cottage. 4 r A- b: 30fi Munich st.
Send for our auction circular. Sept. 17. •
D. COFFIN, Mission St., bet. 21st & 22d.
$2350— SEVEN beautiful lots In the Mission
district; far below the market value: muse
b9 sold In a bunch; a splendid opportunity
far speculation. Box 1139. Call office.
HERE Is your chance to get a 4, 5 or 6 room
cottage on terms same as rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard. cor. Army and Condon sts.
NEW Colonial houses: 2 flats, 5 rooms; re-
ception halls each; lot 34x95; $5400; easy
payments. B at. and Third ave.. near Park.
ELLIS STREET HOME. 1914. bet. Devlsadero
and Scott; 0 rooms; modern; lot 2Sxl37:6;
inspection to-day between 12 and 4 p. m.
A $20C0 HOME built to suit you. lot included,
any location, on $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
DOLORES-ST. boulevard — 2 flats, six and
seven rooms; lot 25x125. Inquire 251 Dolores.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
SEA— ESTATE — COTHTTBY— Vox Sal».
A GOOD HOME FOR LITTLE MONEY.
28 acres of black loam land, situated in the
famous Pajaro Valley, the celebrated apple
producing district of the western slope. Santa
Cru* County — 1000 apple trees, half Newtown
Pippins and Bellflower, now commencing to
bear- balance of tract is planted to peas, po-
tatoes, corn; all kinds of garden truck: Im-
provements consist of good barn and dwelling,
all well fenced; a stream runs through tha
tract. For further particulars of sale apply
GAFFEY & MAHON. 11 Montgomery st.
COMFORTABLE home and a money making
ranch of 160 acres; 10 acres In vineyard. 25
In oats, 55 In woodland, and 10 tn Improve-
ments; house containing 6 rooms, cellar and
attic; two small houses for help; winery
containing 40,000 gallons of cooperage; 2
wine presses; large barn; tool house; plows,
harrows, wagons, horses, etc.; splendid fam-
ily orchard; ranch situated in Sonoma Co.
Call or address W. M. ROGERS. 317 Cali-
fornia st.
A SURE INCOME RANCHO.
160 acres of prime land, situated within 5
miles of 2 railroad stations, S. P. and Santa
Fe- Kem County; 40 acres tn paying fruit
trees, balance alfalfa; good dwelling, barns,
etc - will be sold cheap, as other business
compels the owner to live In this city. Ap-
ply GAFFEY & MAHON, Real Estate Agents,
.11 Montsomery s^
$1000—160 ACRES fine farming and grazing
land, 12 miles NE. of Redding; 7-room house,
large barn;, orchard; stock, etc.; fine run-
ring water; (this is a genuine bargain). For
particulars address H. B. DeMOOY. Rtndy-s
Hotel. 7th and Franklin sts.. Oakland. Cal.
A HOME, indeed — 110 acres in the famous
orchard section of the Western Slope, Pajaro
Valley; within 3 miles of S. P. R. R. ; 25
acres in api>les, 10 apricots. 15 French
prunes, 2 Baxtlett pears, 1 tn cherries. 11
acres full-btaring vines: good house, winery,
barn, fruit house: stock sheds; water piped
to all buildings from a live spring.
GAFFEY & MAHON,
11 Montgomery st. •
AT a sacrifice — All or any part of 43 acres:
cultivated level loam; adjoining Napa; only
$50 per acre; cash or terms; easily worth
t!U>. N. D. SICKELS. U Geary st. •
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vinfjanls: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues «ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Maiket st.
3ZEH—O FABK SEA— ESTATE.
$2C0 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acre
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
loads; last of this property left; M. cash.
Menlo Park— A fine country home, with
-•plena M garden and magnificent trees; well
built, cld-fashloned hou*j In good condition;
for sale at a bargain; 15 acres, all improved.
Fair Oaks — Land in best part of this dis-
trict; well sheltered and wooded; In tracts of
from 4 to 23 acres; special terms tp thoss
building immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS _ CO..
- Telephone Main 672. 116 California st.
POIIJT BICH_tOND __— ESTATE.
1 FACTORY site — On lines of Southern Pacific
. and Santa Fe ruads und proposed electrii
tins to Oakland; solid ground; abundance of.
water; electric power within 500 feet of
1 property; terminal rates over both railroads
I help can secure town accommodations-, this
Is the best and has the most facilities of
any cite offered for sale on the continental
side of San Francisco Bay. For price and
full particulars see
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1032 Broadway, Oakland.
_EAL ESTATE TO -—CHANGE.
RKALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
I i F. A. BARR. MANAGER-
SUITE 807-SOS CALL BUILDING.
¦ , It is frequently the case that a party wishes
V> cell his holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
in-; the proceed j In a different kind ot property.
Our long experience in this business enables
us to often accomplish this double purpose by
orly one transaction. .The only condition we
make Is that your property. If you wish us to
dispose of it for you, MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
I take up either our time or your own with
I worthless otferlngs, or property so heavily
I nir-rtgagtd as to leave no actual equity.
I ¦ If it has merit, whether you own real estate
or a mercantile or manufacturing business,
brlsg a description of same to our office, stat-
tn-r what kind of property jou preftr tn ex-
change, and you will be. surprised how quickly
we can e ff«ot the result.
THIS IS -SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
th«- only company In San Francisco making a
specialty of same. We make no charge for ad-
vertising or any other purpose unless we pro-
cur;- an exchange satisfactory to you to ac-
cert. - ¦ - ' ¦ '
FINE homes: in Oakland to exchance for
ranch property. P. C LAESEN & CO., 466
Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
H—LP VTAHTEP— MALE— Ccatlnael. j
A-MIRHAY & READY. <S* and C.C CUJr ft.
I'lion* Mt:?i 581S.
Lr*_ng Emjrtcynxmt and l^ b " :>r h - 1 * T t«i^n
U> .-;-•:. th<? German. Irtnch. nal.an.
Cr«n_nai1aa. orwlt. £;>cni::-h. KawtUan end
j •; r,i>ii 'dt-.cuagc*.
. 6.CCB M»r. Work. In as * t -°' r ' 00 -
MrCHANICAL. [
I '^vh hinjf, planing mill, »•¦ 53 dny.
BLACKSMITHS-. ETC.
POttFafAX. MAKE TABLES. $ •» da; ¦•¦
V n_&— «rk_r **«-- furniture, city. *- any.
-' -~r « " Slit an^K^AT& READY.
U"<$ and CS6 Clsy Ft.
TO~«A\VMILL.« AND V.OODS^
PLANING MILLS. I3OX rACTORIES. ETC.
KEt *M~» IXiNKFY MAN. $9> found- #^
j-«TK-y : Ortiowi »ip< If ps. cut brush.? j0 Id.
HEAD I.iNKMAN. f"».
N:> EKremENCB WANTED.
Slaboprra tm lantwrCo-; tare $2... *..oja.
CtUUms; c-.tl» yard; NORTH. .--¦••. ¦••*£
9 abor«-s fur (roods anJ <«mi>s; NORTH. fOO
HIX.P BUILD IT.
¦¦/. :aboreT-r, to cat brush «way: help buhd
!? R # -otr sawmill to woods; tare $0 $«W
LOOK. BOYS.
S r->v» or vrung rr.en work tn bot. factories
' SSO AND $US ITV, NORTH.
:*¦% w>~*rr>oip«rs tools, etc.. FURNISHED
ron Tor. ' MUBRAY 4 taiAS>Tt
€2* and 6S6 Pay st.
MINES— MINES.
It n-.acr'.se miners: cold QUARTZ.. . . . - tW
!>¦ enuck trr.ders; bess l>ere $75 to $S2 50
LOOK!
IP labr~rs cr young Tntn to ktifl mining;
tf> m*i. SAO fd.; good charsc* for YOU.
MVRRAY *: READY. <S34 and C36 Clay st.
165 ITALIANS Oil ACSTRIANS.
1£5 SPANIARDS— MEXICANS.
MT'RP-AY A RXADY. <*34 and 656 CUy rt.
LO55 ANGELES.
SAN BERNARDINO and RIVERPIDE DIS. ,
The land of tfjrishlr.e. FRT'IT and r*LOWtKS
BY TRAIN. SANTA FE R. R. !
$4 CO FAKE THATS ALL
KS t~a ani four horse teamsters *w>
MCCCAT £ KEADY. 634 and €36 Clay st.
FARMS. DAIRIES.
45 <V.*f«-er:t ranch hands. $2*. $3f».f35 fd.
.«. rr:krrr. $30. *3S founa.
FRt'IT PICKERS.
!<> rfc-re b*y* ar.d men, $16, $20. $25. W0 fd.
COACHMEN— GARDENERS— STABLEMEN.
3»> etatletnen, city, country J?bs. $76. $00.
$sn ?' ur.d
Bo>» learn trades. t*nd stores, tie.
Ml-RRAY * READY. 634 and C« Pay st.
FOREMAN BOX FACTORY.
4 «-or-cme flr.ishers, mine buildings, fare
rs<!. $4 50 <l*y.
GASOLINE ENGINEER— $12 WEEK.
4 f!*i>t»™>rs. fre» fare both ways, $4 50 day.
* iL-r-.ier*. $2 50 <lay.
BAKERS.
Fcr»ra»n baker. $2S and found.
1 bench han-jf, $17 a we*k.
LAl'NDUY.
polish", iror.er and starcher. fare $1. $2 50
day marker ar.d distributor, north, $16 wk.
»!sn to t«k<? har. take cssh hotel, etc., $35 fd
WAITER*. BARTENDERS.
V.-ait-fr. nice reetaurar.t. fare paid. t^> fa-
Man run lunch counter, south, salocn, $10
¦nek and found.
LVMBER COMPANY.
Plar.fr rr.an. city mill. $3 daj-.
BLACKSMITHS.
•' hrTJ**ho<--rs f.ocr and fire. $4 day.
" BL"TVHERS.
25 SHEEP BUTCHERS. $M>.
i-'ai«r!-ter-hous« helper, fare $1. $S5 found.
Knife man. r*P*' f«*t «haver. $2 75 day.
HURRAY & KEADY. 634 and 0S« Clay st.
HuTElI LAINDRY. BAKERY.
Bt'TCHER AND OTHER DEPT.
enpk 2u men, vc.\r\», $40 foi»nd.
Uce-k«, difterent hotels, campst cafes, mine*,
ealoorre. ranches, etc., $30. $40, $50 to $St)
and Ic.cr.d
WAITERS
.". »t:terF. unw hotel, fare $1 CO. $35 found.
12 «*:tere. <J!ffe~nt city and country jobs.
1>» DIi'HWAPHERS. 6 PORTERS.
BEI'MAKERS. BiTLL & ELEVATOR BOYS.
LAUNDRY.
2 *t*rch !ron*r«. $12; ironer. $15.
3 butch"*. *hop and slaughtcr-houBe work,
**0. S.I0 tovnd
¦-. .'*.¦•. maker, $14: experienced bone hams,
$1*. MURRAY * READY.
C34-638 Clay St.
AP.E YOU GOINO.
Hf'P PICKING. HOP PICKING.
l!an:t(S or single, young or old. boy« or
glr'.e. faa-.ille*. COME ONE. COME ALL,
AND PICK HOPS. $3 day.
rtrf TZ. Office fee $1.
MURRAY & RE-\DY. C34-C36 Clay et.
•. MINE DISTRICT!
; 2S lal«c,rers, tee $1, fare $2. $30 found.
25 two-hor»e tttmeters. $30 found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
NEVADA STATE.
US tearr.*tere. $75.
It5 5aboier«. $75.
5T» tirlllets, $90.
1 EK $1. THATS ALL.
MUKitAY & READY. C34-626 Clay st.
~ FACTORY.
12 laborers, jou'll euit, $60.
MURRAY & READY, C34-C36 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
CAHPEXTERS.
12 c*rfj«-nterfc, fare 25e, $4 day.
14 ..:; i r.:-rs, fare -C'C. S. M. CO.. $3 50 to
£4 day.
C— ipem*r, ranch, fare $1 25, $40 and found.
U i.eelwrlght, Nevada, epectal fare. $60 fd.
14 carpenters, city jobs. $3, $3 50. $4 day.
MUHRAY &r KEADY. G34-CS4 Clay st.
GROCERY CLERK. $60!
A men used to merchandise store, fare 50c.
• "horeman. private residence, 25c fare, $25 fd
12 grape tiackerc. southeast, $1 75 day fd.
BOSS HERE.
«"lo:<man and wife, orchard, bcae here. $40 Id
J'Srenitn cil burner for a mine.
1'rrswr or. gents' clothes, city, $2 to $2 25 day
:•'• • to distribute billt!, city corporation, $6
Fpool tender, fare, tJ 20, $45 to $50 fd,
t .-<:. city restaurant, $40 and found.
HURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
FIXE FARE! rTr'wORK. FREE FARE.
TO-DAY.
» cpikera; TOL'LL t-UIT $60
2.'. laborers; YOU'LL SUIT $00
Offlc* fee on!y $1.
MURRAY fc ItEADY. «iJ4-«30 Clay st.
GULP QUARTZ MINE.
GENERAL MANAGER HERE— SEE HIM.
:. mschlne rr.:ner» $S2 50 to HfO
X chuck lender* $75
U hand mln'rs $75 to $S2 50
BLACKSMITH: NO SHOEING $C0 to $105
MURRAY _ READY. <«4-C36 Clay st.
Ftorifcutttr, granite, steady. $4 50 flay.
& labcrrrs tor woods: fare $5 ...$35 fd
Man. wife; man milk 25 cow«. wife cook for
S men; no other woman on ranch $10 fd
BANKING SYNDICATE.
20 fruit pickers; far* »l 25 $30 fd.
LOOK.
orderly; city inrtifJtl'-n *"\ M.
Chore boy or roan; institution: fare $3. $30 H
LOOK.
2 br.ck wheelerr: fsre :«>c $<S7 M
MURRAY &: READY. C34-CJ« Clay zt.
FRUIT PICKERS.
A man or it boy who can eat fruit
CAN PICK FRUIT
T><i men end Ktrnns boy*, fare f 1. $30 fd.
OFFICE FEE fl.
MURRAY - READY. C34 and t36 Clay st.
3 • . r- ¦ iv :« for a park. $3 _0 day.
2 <-art>rt-!rrs, rtnch, fare $1 25, $40 fd.
8tone cutter, ft JKI day.
Ctrpenter. vin»-ysrd $40 found.
• PAINTKRS. CITY. $2 50 DAY.
MURRAY & liEADY. dt arA C>0 Clay »t.
25 extra waiter*:, 12 to S3 day.
-¦"¦ extra <coV.». $2 to 93 day.
r* extra •¦•!.¦•.-.:¦• r--. $1 .v- to $2 day.
' MURRAY & KEADY. C34 and C3C CUy st-
. 4 nilr.cnt. Nevada State. %'l SO <!ay.
y... - ar.d wtti, » -ck 0 men. $3 &0 day; $30
and found.
• . Hitler, city, $0fi.
a ttab.cnien, countn". M0 and found.
'J \i.\, r'..i. beard yourselves home. $2 25.
SPECIAL.
' C»n:p c«>k. .<•.".'• fd.. ali.o waiter, free fare.
"- •• and tuuud.
'"imp Book UK: fcr* 1 . f^iv men, $«0 found.
rj<?toi!<l <x>ok, city hotel. $50 found. ,
t_TCod cooK, city. $3."i found.
WAlTint. fcPECTAL JOB. lid FD.
4 '..-.: m.-. fan- SI. $'J 70 day.
>-'tsrrhe-r .i.- .. Sroner. fare $1 25 52 50 day.
t-PECIAL.
:•".:¦ clc:"i w'nuewc. lay carpets. $.;0 found.
Men <-are «f ::-.-..!..;. $?0 found.
Orxl»r}>- c.iir .:.,: iu-.ij :,.
'Odore-l man Jrive light wager. $1 25 <!ay.
READY. 004 and C3C Clay st.
ON II or two men \9 learn n po-jd trsde; s'eadr
v.orTn: no nlirl;t or Kur.dav work; $25 security
nquircd. Aji'lf «i0'i Koltoca it... ui><t3irs.
VAXTCD — Oottd, neat barber: must be flrat^
rit.ft. no other need apply: $10 to etart with.
Addrcr* CHANT VEHSIXQ. St. Helena.
GOOD Usrbcr »ant*d; cttady nv»rk. Sir. Hayr.a
««!C<t.
WANTED — First -cl_~ barber; a union man.
.*. i_rk!n tu
WANTED— A l)oo:i^sck at Va Larkin st.
WANTKD — A oU*r-b<-a£<d. arliv- boy: ¦»ho!e-
' ux liouic; rerrnttr.tnt. Dsx 91S, Call office.
[ : V
! A — CALL and «ee our demonstrators, with one-
half of face treated; I guarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittlnef, etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you des-ire a fresh, young face, call or
wrlty MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell 8t.
A FRIEND to you. if ycu are suffering from
lnJigeMlon; tend me 25c pc*tal order and I ;
will Bend you a receipt, one of the best rcm- !
edles on earth; pleasant, sure and quick; no '¦
medicine required. Address G. MOORE, gen-
tral delivery. San Franctscc, . Cal.
OBJ ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cure tor
rheurcatltrn, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc. Sold by all druggists for
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL & BROWN, 32 Turk st.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray balr. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching >calp: no stain cr stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at druggists", hairdressers' :ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
Cancerous Iv mpe. cores, Impure blood (affecting
ricln meuth. bones, etc.) speedily curei by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 32S Grant ave. Wprat cases cured.
*~ IMPORTANT TO SPECULATORS.
Before Investing your money consult "Lucky
Hours." for sale at all book stores.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write.
DR. Q. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
•AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. .
YOU can buy $75 werth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 310 Poet et.. near Powelt.
A — Visitors we shampoo, manicure, dress hair,
etc.: cheapest, best In city. 133 Powell St.
CONSULT "Lucky Hours" before starting any
business; for sale at all book stores.
MAGNETIC treatment with Vtc skin food for
the body. 325 Ellis st.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
-a ton. 360 sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Oeary.r.-ja.
SUPERFLUOUS hair — moles removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY, 1170 Marktt ¦_
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagner. S50 Market
LADIES and gentlemen, you wtll find best hair
tonic In the wcrld at 1810 Sutter st.
ELEGANT suit to order A 1 ex. pair pants. $15.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mkt, st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. WHEELOCK removed (La Verite hair-
dressing parlors) to 645 Market, next Palace.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. QARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 CO; dress pasts $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
¦country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PHYSICIANS ANPSyBOEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Mark«t st., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107314 Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
- past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — AH dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PUBCHASINO^AOENCEBS^
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 3568 17th St., San Francisco. Tel. Capp 856.
_i PROPOSALS.
NOTICE Is hereby given that sealed bids win
be received" until 2 o'clock p. m., Monday,
September 12, 1901, by the Board of Con-
trol of the Territory of Arizona, at- the
office of said board in the city of Phoenix.
' Arizona, for the sale of ten bonds of the
denomination of one thousand dollars each,
numbered 11 to 20. Inclusive, bearing date
of January 1. 1904, due and payable Jan-
uary 1, 1954, bearing interest at the rate of
5 per cent (5%) per annum, optional after
twenty-five years, issued by the Territory
of Arizona, tn accordance with the pro-
visions of Act No. 73 of the Twenty-second
Legislative Assembly of said Territory, and
which act has been approved by the Con-
gress of the United States. Said bonds be-
ing the second issue of the loan authorized
by caid act. Interest on said bonds will
be paid semi-ar.nually on the first day of
January and July of each -year, and both
principal and interest payable In gold coin
of the United States at the office of the
Treasurer of said Territory. A certified
j check of a responsible bank for 5 per cent
? of the e mount bid. payable to the order of
E. E. Klrkland. Territorial Treasurer, and
a copy of this advertisement must accom-
¦¦any each bid. Failure of bidder to make
payment In full upen allotment and tender
of bonds wtll be considered a cancellation
of the bid and the forfeiture of the check
accompanying the same. The board reserves
the right to reject any and all bids. Bids
must be sealed and addressed to the Board
of Control. Phoenix. Arizona, and marked
"Proposals for purchase of Insane Asylum
Bends." GEORGE E. TRUMAN, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. September 5, 1004—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. October
5, 1904, and then opened, for the construction
. of an additional story to Administration
build In ~ of General Hospital, Presidio of
S?n Francisco, Cal., Including plumbing,
heating and wiring.
Government reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all bids, in whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant Quarter-
master General. Chief Quartermaster.
U. S. Engineer Office, San Francl*co. Cal..
Sept. 6, UHM; sealed proposals for dredging
In Alviso sloufrh. Cal., will be received here
until 12 noon Thursday. Oct. B. 1004: infor-
mation on application. W/H. HEUER; Col.,
Ensrs.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES,
A^GILBERt"* STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse. G.G. and Van
Ser»: otflce H71> Market, r. 4.1: tel South 750.
A — KMI-OEIUM Storase & Van Co.; furniture
household «cods stored, moved, shipped. 72S-
• 781 Hof.-anl ft., nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. :: ICddy St.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN- F. COOPER, pres.;
iurnitur* moved, packed, shipped and stored
PIKKCK-RODOLPH sitorajte Jt Moving Co.. of-
fice Post ami Powtl! st*. ; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
CCN'KLIN'r! Ptoragi" — Furniture and rr.erchan-
.'.lue. .T31 Oold»:i Gate av#. ; 1 lw.no East l'JG.
GOLPEN \V*6t Stcii.se; advances m3de. !*IO
M!.««lon st.: t*l. Howard I)H. F.W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storasr* and Furniture Sloving Com-
1 any. 5H?0 Flllmore »t. : phnnc Jackson 281.
BEKIN^ Van and Storare Co.. H Montgomery
ft.* ft. Miln 1S4(». £h<r>ntr>T Htfra' raten.
WISTSOWS TO VIEW PARADE.
WINDOWS to rent on Market st., cor. Fifth,
for viewing parade. Apply room 10, 1 Fifth.
H large, double wimlows: fine view; party or
single; r-\".«. Mrs. "NcDoweir, 1019 Market.
GORE, corner Market, Powell and Eddy sts.:
I large bay windows. Apply 3 Eddy, room 5.
." FINK windows tn view tha parade; full view
of M.irkft Ft. 9 Elliy *t.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? We will
trade you a new one for it. Visit the new re-
j tall office of the White Co., 015 Market st..
n.vd sec the great collection of machine art
work now on exhibition; 1C0O new Whites for
rent; best machines on earth..
DOMHSTIC— Th* machine for family use; test
is cheai^st; ¦ ereend-hand all makes at any
price; a'.l Ulmlj rented lowest rates. • Domrs-
tlc office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
A NEW Home, the b*st second-hand machine:
ell kinds. $3. $5, $3; guaranteed; where th;
doll»->wtnp tn th» window. K-51 Market «;
TYPE WBITEES^ AKB^SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally, good No: 2. Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. S23; other typewriter,! at
! : higher and lower prices: rental* ?2 CO. Tne
¦ - Typewriter Exchange, CJO California st, . ..
2D-HAND- typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 5U8 Market.
OrriCES AND STOBES TO LET.
LOWER part of 425 SutUr st. ; sultabuT for
I business purposes." '¦¦ - . .
PALMISTRY.
MME.. EUGENIE. thcCheiro. reveals, facts
• that: will astonish you, portrays events, de-
' ¦acribea enemies; advice given. 47SA Turk st.
MISCELIiAWEOTrjrS-— FOR BALE — Con.
VERY fine thcroushbred bull terrier pups for
sale cheap: the rear stock; address or cat!.
A. B. TRUMAN. Elchq kennels, 1425 Steiner.
BRICK for sale cheap. Apply Dynamite Bat-
tery. Presidio. '
PIPE, all sizes, all kinds, cut and fitted tn
sketch. Eugene Riley & Song, ICO Vallejo st.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamonds.. *
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
BOOMS papered: $4 up; tinting, paintir.t
Hartmann Paint Co.. 318 Third ;tel.Maln 413
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. O. '
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $30; worth
$100. GARIN. 138 Montgom«ry st.
FOK nfile — First-class new bricks. Apply DKi
C. C. O'DONNKLL. 1021 Market st.
SAFES and cash reffisters. new and «:ond-
hard. I. FREEMAN. l;!29 Market st.
MOVING plctur'i. magic lanterns, sale, . rental;
bargains. Iiullard <fc Breck. 131 Post it.
SOME good 2d-hand gasoline engines 1 to. 12
h. p.. cheap. E. B. BECK & CO.. 122 Mk..
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEP-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et. :
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
a!l sires. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont lit
' MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, realsklns, dla-
mcr.dk. gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTENSTEltf BROS.. 25
Stockton st.
TALKING machines, guitars, etc.; easy pay-
ments; month's piano rent free. BRUENN,
225 Sutter st.
WHAT will you give In exchange for a kall-
graph typewriter In perfect condition? Box
II 154, Call office. . ,.
WANTED— Buggy for collector. California
Baking Co., cor. Eddy and Flllmor* sts.
WANTED— 4 chair combination barber outfit;
cash. MOLER, 635 Clay st.
HIGHEST prle«:s for ladles', gent's castoff cloth-
ing, etc. Tel. Davts S25; 650 Sacramento st.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gentlemen's cast-
off cloth., etc. 822 Folsom St.; tel. Fol. 3522.
T1LTON wants good eecond-hand clr-thln* and
¦ theatrical noodw. 154 9th >t. ; tel. .Teazle 2S81.
MOBTET_TO _LOAW. r
aaa— Herman' murphyP
601-602-G03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; aESignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 24 or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels,, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Herest. .
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 400. Call office. ¦
YOU Will Need Money for the
Grand Conclave.
THE HUTTON CREDIT CO..
906 Mutual Savings Bank Building.
Is making liberal advance*
On salaries; confidential.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 526 Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call end get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2nd mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3tt Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 3
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
840 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 40
principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 807 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery at., rm.21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, p*aris and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
Just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rla!-
Vto bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life Insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furnl-
, tuns. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan ouildlng:
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 000 Mutual Bank bldg
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK
10C3 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 703 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room oil. Mutual Fav. Bk. bid's.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
rr.o. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5.'!8 Kearnr
8% O>7 furniture .t pianos; $15 up: no removal:
no rom. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy, at
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORRELL. HOU Exsiminer buildias.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
HEADQUARTERS for renting pianos— Little
plants for *n:a!l rooms, medium size for
average roorr;g. big pianos for large, parlors.
halls, <-tc; pianos fcr run at U p?r month.
6ome at #-. a large number of good ones at
.$2 50 per mo.: our own make pianos at $.'l
per rao, (the best instrument offered for the
money in S. I<\>; a fine line of elegant large
pianos fcr $4 and $I» per mo. ; over $150 in-
struments to select from. all. of them gootl
bargains to buy as w^ll as rent; one year's
rental allowed i off purchase price. SCOTT-
CUKTAZ PIANO CO.. 5C0-IU Hayes et.
A BUNCH O*- UPRIGHTS— Easy Payments.
Erard, small upright for practice $'t>
Wo-odworth and Allovon. nplendid order.. t>5
Neumann, mahogany case, a bargain 123
Sherman. Clay & Co., goocj order i.;5
Grovestt-^n & Fuller. *pl»ndld order..... 145
HK.NJ. CURTAZ ft f-QN. 10 OFarrell st.
AT 7"- per month \m, rant or purchase; lowest
term*, lowest prices and greatest variety of
new piano?: all makfs tn used instruments.
' HEINE PIANO CO . 235-237 Geary st.; Oak-
land. 1252 Broadway; largest exclusive pUno '
houre und only manufacturers here.
A George Steck upright grand: elegant ma-
hogany case;. cheap. Horn-tin;, 21H McAllister.
SECOND-hand piano, $125, BACIGALUPI, "vj
Mission st. , -
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
told; $135. jtiOT Geary st.
A LOT unredeemed storage pianos, furniture,
dirt cheap. W'hltehead'4 Storage. "IGUl Mkt.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good a>
new; $135.* 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cocellan piano
player. BYROX MAUZY. SOS-312 Post >t,
NEW upright pianos kM en $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHM1TZ & CO.. 18. McAllister st,
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chtckerlng baby grand;
Shontnger, little, used. Kef ffe'r, 2S5 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in ths
United State* or Oins'la <in» vmr for SI.
¦; TO LEASE. . '¦..- *
FOR lease — California Schueticn Club Park,
near Ean Rafael. California. Written bids for
the lease of California Schuetzen Club Park
- for five year». from December 20, 100-1. will
be received up to October 1, 1004. at the of -
- flee pf -the, secretary of the California
Schuetzen Club, Park and BuiMIng Asspcia-
- " tlon, O. A. BTemer, S20 Kearny st., San
• Francisco 1 ,' California. The form of leass
and each and- all the terms anil conditions,
except the amount, of. rent,' may < be. seen at
the'office of, the secretary; and any intending
"• 'lessee whose bid la accepted • wtll .lave to
give satisfactory > security tor tue .< perform-
' ance\ of- the : terms and ; conditions of the
¦lease. .The directors reserve the, right to re-
jeciw^ny and all bids.: .... • ¦¦¦¦:¦¦• .-.-. •
• ... ¦ . PHILO JACOBY, President.
O. A. BREMER, Secretary.' ¦HONOLULU. Sept. C— The Repub
lican convention " renominated Jonah
K.'* Kalanlarioale , for Delegate to Con
gress lto r day. The platform indorses
his work. Governor Carter, and the na
tional ticket; favors a public land pol
icy; the. encouragement of settlers;
county j government apd larger school
appropriations and asks Tor Federal
buildings. It also asks for harbor
dredging and pledges the Legislature
to continue the* pension of ¦ ex-Queen
Liliuokalani. :'¦-. Kalanianoale andC. P.
Iaukca.'.uthe Democratic nominee, are
tourins Hawaii.
DELEGATE FROM HAWAII.
Republicans ..Nominate Candidate for
Congress and Adopt Platform.
Price of San Francisco, who is al
leged to have disappeared in St.
Louis. San Francisco relatives of
Price describe him as a "theatrical
man with is. strong barytone .voice." -
Relatives or Philip J. Price Report Ills
Disappearance in the Exposi
tion City.
.ST. LOUIS, Sept. 5.— The police to
day searched in vain for Philip J.
ST. LOUIS POLICE SEARCH
FOR SAN FRANCISCAN
NEW YORK, Sept. 5. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From Sacramento — M. Halloran and
&iss 1,. Halloran, at the Astor House.
From San .Francisco — E. Carpenter,
at the Herald Square; Dr. A. Dan
ziger, at the Hoffman: Miss C. G. Dorr.
at the Park Avenue; I. Elbergr, at the
Herald Square; A. H. Frederick, at' the
Hoffman ; L. Friedlander, at the Mur
ray Hill; L. Friedland, at the Hotel
Savoy; F. Hat-den and wife, at the
Astor House; J. B. . Kaufman, at the
Gllsey House ;.H. Law, at the Hoffman
House; E. A. Matthews, at the Gilsey
House; A. McDonnell, at the Grand
Hotel; U. McKee, at; the Herald
Square; Miss Meyer, at the Holland
House; W. B. Plumb, at the Grand
Union: D. E.' Sumers, at the Park Ave
nue; II. P. Taylor, : at the Hoffman
House; Mrs. M. L. Tornfee, at the Im
perial ;" Mrs. -M.' R. Vanning,-^ at the
Criterion; K. \Wolback, ; at the Grand
Union; MrsCM. Zorbel.,at the HollKnd.
" From ¦; Santa Barbara— H. Virtcent,
at;the Earllngton.
Californlans in New York.
AUBURN. N. Y.. Sept. 5. — Guiseppe
Versaccia. the accomplice- -of Antonio
Giorgio in the murder of John Van-
Korder "and his. half-sister, MiS3 Farn
hem, at West -Almond, last May, was
put to death in ' the electric chair at
Auburn prison to-day. Giorgio was
electrocuted last Tuesday. Robbery
was the motive for the murder. -.
31an Who Ilclpcd Slay 3Ian and
\A'oman l*a j s I»ciinlty for
His Crime.
MURDERER MEETS > DEATH
IN THE ELECTRIC C1IAII1
The shaft will be fifty-two feet high
and cost about $15,000. It is thought
to be one of the first, if not the first,
erected to the memory of Hebrew sol
diers.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5. — The corner
stone of a handsome monument to the
memory of Union soldiers of the Jew
ish faith who fell In the Civil War will
be laid to-day in Salem Fields Ceme
tery, Cypress Hills, Brooklyn, under
the" auspices of the Hebrew Union
Veteran Association. •
Stone Will Cemmcmorote .Tews Who
Fought nisd Died in the
Civil War. ' : y)' :
.MONUMENT 1 TO HEBREW
HEROES TO BE ERECTED
. Mrs. Bailey, who was a visitor to
day at tho Sacramento exhibit, laid
aside her purs?, containing two pins,
a diamond ring and the money, to
help Judge J. J. W1II3 cut cloth to dec
orate the exhibit. A moment later
the purse had disappeared.
..The Jefferson guard was sum
moned and told that a woman in
black had been sitting near Mrs. Bai
ley just a moment before the purse
was missed and had disappeared sud
denly. Judge Wills says she has been
seen about the exhibit several times.
The guard was hurried to, the en
trances, but the woman's capture has
not been reported.
ST. LOUIS, Sent. 5. — Somebody,
supposedly a. mysterious woman in
black, to-day stole from the Sacra
mento County exhibit at the exposi
tion jewels worth $1000. and $100 in
cash, belonging to Mrs. A. R. Bailey
of Sacramento.
California Woman Loses Purse Con
taining .Jewels ami One Hun
• t're.: •Dollars.
ROBBED IX SACRAMENTO
EXHIBIT AT TIIK FAIR
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 5.— Jamea
Berry shot Isaac Howdy, a halfbreed
Indian, in the abdomen yesterday near
Live Oak. this county, in a dispute
over the purchase price of a pair of
suspenders. Berry fled after the
shooting, but was captured near For
est Home, in Amador County. Howdy,
though not seriously wounded, lies in
the Countv Hospital.
3!ur.!cr.
Quarrel Over the Price of n Pair of
Suspenders Jlny Result In
IIALFKItKJtD IS SHOT
DUItING A DISPUTE
CHICAGO. PeH. o.-CATTLE-Receipt!..
S..f«); strong:. Good »o prime Mesjr* *."5 15«
0 1;»: >aock-?rs and fo?der». $2#.'{ 00: cows. $1 20
2?«fl > i'J ) lfors - * x -°@* 6°: Western steers.
HOGS— Receipts. 11*000; steady. Mixed and
butchers. $5©3 «0; rco<1 t-> choice henvy, %T, 20
(nb C5; rcuph heavy. ?» t:0ffj4 !>0; light j."i »S
<j."i C5: bulk of pales, $.*• 15^5 CO. >
SHEEP— neceljits. lS.OtXt; steady. I^aniba.
fteady. Sheep, $2 50(94 25; lambs, $l@G 25.
Omaha.
OilAHA. Sept. 5.— CATTLE— Hecelpts. 38CO
strons. Native wt^rn. $:| 7.">fi5 00; cows and
heifeia, $2 6003 50; Western steers. %\SH 10;
Texas steers. $2 75(f?.1 50: ranse cows and
heifers, $2 1093 SO; canners, %\ 5«<i2: stock
trs and feeders. $2 .VWii SO; calves, H«?5 25;
bullf and mbkh. $1 "Sti".
HOGS — Receipts. 24CO; shade to r»c lower
Heavy. ?5 ir<?5 30: mixed. $5 2iMi."> ."JO- IlRht
?.% ::o«f5 40; pigrsF, SI 75C'"5; bulk of «a!e», ?5 CO
©5 :i5.
SHEEP— Receipts. !)000; steady. Wentern
yearllnKs. $:j 6C©4i wethers, $.{ 25©:: 75; ewea.
$:;«[j-') CO; common and stockers, $2 50@3 U3:
KANSAS CITY. Sept. 5.— CATTLE— Ue
ceipts. 10.000: strong to ICc hlfili«r. Native
rtrers, ?:t 75at»: native cows ar.d he!t>n», *l 50
CU 75: htockri-3 and feeiWis. $2 25f/l; bully.
$2R:: 2."»: calves. $2 I0««i: V.'ertrrn stcera, «
Qi 50: We* tern cows. $1 5C'(i;: CO.
HOUS— necplpls. SOCO: steady to 5c higher:
huVi ct sale*. $5 :!0<3},-. 10. Heavy, ?5 2$ti
S "5: packers, $5 Mfi5 40; pigs and light, $5 20
«j:> tr..
SHEKP- Ilecclpls. SOCO: 5tron«r. Muttony
?^ 2501 10; lambs. $1 r.OJrS SO; range wcf.iers,
$3 250-1 10: ewts. S2 ~Tt<ffil 50.
Chicago.
"Bull fights are contrary to the laws
of Missouri." said the Governor, "and
under no circumstances will they be
tolerated."
JEFFERSON CITY Mo.. Sept. 5.—
Governor Dockery to-day directed th?
Sheriff and prosecuting authorities of
St.' Louis County to stop the bull fights,
which, according to. the management's
announcement, are to be held daily
hereafter until the close of th?
World's Fair. Governor Dockery ex
pressed surprise at Sheriff Henck
en's failure to prevent Sunday's exhi
til'on.
County Where Contest Wns to
Ho Held;
Executive Issues Orders to Sheriff of
GOVERNOR Oil .MISSOURI
STOPS ALL CULL FIGHTS
cAttll:, sheep and hogs.
Washington Theater Orchestras De
mand Increase In Pay.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5. — The Mus
icians' Union to-day declared a gen
eral strike of the members of the or
chestras of the local theaters. Thre*
houses are open. The men employed
at two of them Went on and the per
formances were given with improvised
orchestras, while in the case of the
third the orchestra played as usual.
The men demand a 20 per cent in
crease in pay.
MUSICIANS ON STRIKE.
Cons . mer.?y...8S .Vte|x y Central 126U
r>» *cct 88^1 Nor & Western... 70&
Anacon.Ia 4 j Do pfd f2
Atchison W-HlOnt &. Western... 32 «
Do pfd lCO^i 1 Pennsylvania' (4%
Bait fc Ohio W^i'Rand Mines HUi
Can Pacific 12S fRrading "2*i
Ches & Ohio 4K | p«j 1st pfd 4l'.i
Chi Great West., lfi Do I'd pfd .1S</«,
Chi. Mil & St P. 159*; 1 80 Railway SOlj,
T>* B-ers IRT^i Do pM • n -n
Den & Rio G 2fi'4 So Pacific .'.S%
Do pfd 7S?i Union Pacific 101>i
Erie 29% Do pfd Dtl
Do l-'t pfd (",<!"<, TJ S Ste<>l U'J
Do 2d pfd 421JI Do pfd CAM
111 Central 142 | Wabash 21
Louis & Nash.... 125 | Do pfd 41V,
M. K & Texas... 22T;!Spanifh U S7}&
Bar silver — Steady 2C 3-lCd per ounce.
Money— 114 per cont.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three
monthM' bills 2?i per cent.
London Closing Stocks.
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 5.
Flour, qr sks... 5.C50! Hides No 1/292
Wheat, ctla :i,fr!7l Lim» ' bl>!« 270
Barley, ctls 3 SOSl Quicksilver: nsks. 117
Oats, ctls l.C44;ggg?, doa 5,C10
Ctvese. <t!s -'41 Shorts, aks 175
liutter. ctls 92: Potatoes, sks ... 7.O1H
Do East. car. 1, Onions, eks 1.191
Pupar. ctls BfOlBian. sks 210
Tallow, ctls 45S(Hay tons 1ft
Brandy, gals ... C.20t>;Wool, bales 221
Wine, gals 67.700! Hopa, bales Sl>
Pelts, bdls* 1.291!
Receipts of Produce.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Sept. 5.— -
Rev. T. S. Lcland, pastor of the Victor
Methodist Church, who was arrested
a week ago and charged with assault
to murder, conspiracy to murder and
assault with a. deadly weapon, has
been released on bonds. Rev. Mr. Le
land immediately started by the first
train to Pueblo to attend the anuual
Methodist Conference. A message
from Pueblo "states that he has been
received most cordially by all the
brethren at the conference.
It was at Leland's house that two
men, resisting intrusion, shot several
times at Sheriff Bell and deputies.
Minister J.cland Leaves Jail to Attend
Methodist Conference.
RELEASED OX BONDS.
It was admitted to-night by Sec
retary Tracoy of the Allied Trades
Council c-f the unions on strike that a
message opening up such negotiations'
had been delivered to-day to represent
atives of the packing firms by W. E. !
Skinner, general agent of the Union
Stockyards and Traction Company,
acting as a middleman.
According to the plans to-night, an
answer is to be submitted to-morrc-w
by the packers in time for it to ba re
ported at a special mreting of the Al
lied Trades Council. This meeting has
been called for early in the forenoon.
Special meetings for all the local unions
involved in the strike have been called
for to-mc-rrow. If the packers give
assurances to the strikers, messengers
will be sent at once to the gatherings
of the local bodies. The unions, it is
said, will then vote on discontinuing
the strike and their referendum vote
will be reported at once to the meeting
of the Allied Trades Council.
CHICAGO. Sept. 5.— The indications
to-day are that the stockyards strike,
began over tv.o months ago, will be
called off within twenty-four hours.
Through the medium of a middleman
negotiations were begun in an effort to
secure an understanding with the pack
ers upon which the strikers can rely
as a basis of abandoning the strike to
morrow. ' . '
> — -
Question of Settlement Is
to Be Submitted to Work 7
men Upon Receipt of Reply
AWAITING AX ANSWER
Unions Open Xegotiations
With Packers in an Effort
to Ileacli an Understaridiiig
END OF STRIKE
APPEARS NEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL. TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER <>. 1904.
Kills Wife ami Himself.
. ; CIlAIUOX, Pa- Sept. 5.— George
Kaber. aged 50 years, ono of _ Ship
pcnville's wealthiest citizens,, to-day
shot^ and killed his wife and then
committed suicide while temporarily
ins_ne.-
12
AUCTION SALES
108 Head Double Squares
AT AUCTION.
OZf T3TTSSDAT, SSPTEMBEB 8.
AT J. B. NOLAN'S SALESYARD
:^ Ccrncr Tcatii and Bryant Streets.
Ey order o: J. V. Rutton I wl!I sell 100
head cf chclce. »cund young horses and mares.
It Is not necessary for me to make any re-
marks in regard to his stock of horses, as a.l
hors-men know they ere in a class by thcni-
selvvs. I will merely mention the double
«iuare and say they must and will be sola to
the highest bidder. ±1
s. T/ATKIXS. Auctioneer.
SALE AT 1 I*. M. _^ .
AT AUCTION.
$h* £»
A lot of CONDEMNED FIRE PEPART-
MEN'T HORSES and MARES. By order of
MAYOR E. E. SCHMITZ. I will sell a lot of
condemned Fire Department hor'ses on
THLltSDAT. Seotember S. at 11 o'clock at
GROVE STREET STABLES. 122 GROVB
I STREET. This Is a grand opportunity for
farmers, teamsters and contractors to get good
heavy draft horses an.1 ir-ares at their owa
prices, as they crust be sold.
S. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer,
WILL SELL
TO-3XOBBOW.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTE3IBER 7. 11 A. M..
The Elegant Furniture of
Residence
1533 CLAY STS-BST.
INCLUDING UPRIGHT P1AXO.
L. H. BURD, Auctioneer.
£*»
AUCT1OK SALE— 50 GOOD HORSES AND
MARES. WEDNESDAY, Sept. 7. at 11 a. m.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st.
• JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctlcneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEI*. -
XffiV. Trains !»•»• sad ¦»• *«•
/^<m^?\ toarrlTBat
(S^^^Zi 8A^ FRANCISCO.
\vfe^v/ rxsar DaroT
XJC_I_>^ (Toot of Market StrMt >
>»"« - MAIN LINE. 1
7 00a V«c»ti;io. Wtnt^v Bum»ey- 7S0»
7J»A r.cntrlm. Rlm1r«»aU S»er»niein<>.. 7.Z0"
7Z0a Vallejo. x»p*. c»U»toqr*. Santa
Husa. Martinez. Saa Ramon 6.20P
7 30a Xti«. Tracy. Lathrop. »tock:o« .... 7.20m
i.C0A Sa«»t* Expreas— (Vl» D»7!iK
wmiAmt (for DartleCt S?rfntr«>.
Willow*. tPrsto. Ked Ulnll,
rnr:UnJ. Tacoms. Sesttle. 7-50*
IXC* n«Tit. Wfw>i!»nrt. Raiabts I.*nd:a«.
MitrysTllIe. Chtco. urof!U« 7-S0P
¦48a Tort Cotta. Martinez. Aailocb.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
nun. I.«is I(i*nos. M«ndota,
Armooa. Iliafor-l. Ytstll*.
ron.Tvll!e «.20»
f JT?a Port Cotta. Modesto*. Mer'sd,
Frr«D>. >.in»h"n Jnnction. n»a-
ford. V!«!!(v nskervfleld 4.58*
FJSCa Ti'.lrs. 8»n Jo«». Llvarmnre. Stoelt-
tnr. f*M!i»nnV lone. Sucntraento.
MurynTiyr. c:i!ci>. i:*»» muff .... 4 20»
t JPa OnS'luie. Chinese. jKnj<*sto«n. 3o-
r.or*. Taolumar mmI Anse!* 4-20P
• PCa AdantteRxpreaf— Ogles E*«t. B.2U=»
»^0a Kirhmoni. Marttuo* sad Way
Stations 9 50p
tCCCATh- Orerlond I.!m::eil — osfrten.
Omaha. Chicnzo. Dearer. Kansas
Cltr. S;. LonJs «."0»
JO-OOa V«:;r:'-> 1 12-2C-»
j *t.CCA Los Anir»>« Tat^cncer — Port
1 Costa, Marttnei. Byron. Traey.
j lathrop. Stockton. UerR*t,
• Kaymond. Fresno. CcRben .)ono-
tlon. llnp'orrt. Lemoore, VlMilia.
B»>emflel». Lo» Anjrel^a 773»
tf Wm »Ur»«rd. M!r» on ! 'V»f 3t.tttoai. S 2O
' 11 COPS>«criinjentoRi»or 8tc»:nt"ra tii.O'J*
I 3 ICp lirnlcl*. t» Inters. 8*cr«men;o.
: \von<i:tnd. wnirtton.. Knfirhl*
; LsntUnx. MaryiTllle. OrovlUa
and way ntntlons 13-5."*
I-Tp H«t— srri.NU-aawil VTa» 3t.u!»n«.. 7 50*
' 4 tCP M».r»l»^».S»n Italian. VallsJisNapa,
(¦n^r.ica. S«rtri i:—» 923*
4 COp Slif«. Trar". Stockmn. Lo<JI 4.20*
' 4 ?0^ n»rw«.-ii. Kn«a> lrflaetoa. fan) tG-SOA
.».se. Ll»e»mo.-n | III.SJa
i CXCpTUo 1>w| Uuilti-J— N'e»r.i-n Lot
1;«m..«. MciiUo-4. rresno. Tclira,
Hak«rin<>l(!. I.csAn«<!les 8.50*
' tS?CP llnT»«r<1. Mi's u:i<i >:m J"<o ...... 7.23a
*.CliP Hay wart. »lle« aad San Joa» 9-jOa
j 6XtP fc.ft«turn KJM»S» Onit«a. Umtbi,
: Chi'-.tffo. Uenver. Ka.iiaa CU*.
; t.l. Lo'ilt. \!a .M»rbe:. Siocktoa,
; S»cr«m<*;5t."«. O.'fax. Heao...... 12-55i»
0.0Cp Vaiielo. d>li*. except diiutlsr.... I » en _
7 COp VsDeKannday .mly f '•»»*
i 7-SOP i.l<!i'ion<1, Man Palito. Vm Ccsta,
M»r::n** ami Way s<tat!oos 11.23a
I 1X0* ilean rtwnfer- l'orl l"«>»ti, Pnl-
»<in. Klmtra. r/artn. Sirrwrnlo.
Traekee. I.a:;t- Tshoe. Reno.
J Ton«i ah. Spark* /.6QA
¦ CBpIoii Covta. Mnrtin'*. Byron.
; Traey. Lathrop. Moietto.4
i Merced. Drrrr.iia. Fre*nn and
Way St*lt«njiheyv>erl Tor: Costa 12.28*
SCSp Tu»r;ntte Vallry. v!» tteremla aad
1 Wawocs 8.55a
i •.G5» M«ri;ne*. Tr»ry. S^>«¦k:oil .... .. 102J*
. ¦Co^ Orecun A Caltfuru:* K-xfie** — !»9-
rnrnrtitu, Mar>*yliU-. KciMInt.
1'ortland, facet SonnU ta<l Katt. 8.S04
; B.IOp Hayward. Nllea au<l San Jose (Horn-
: dayonlf) 1 1 53»
' COASf~LINE «>arr»«f ****•).
I tfwt of .»Urlcet Strait.)
; 7.43a S»nta Cni K»ciii>I-<niSiiTi<t«y on!y» 8 1Cj»
k.l&A Nrwark. OenlerTlJIe. 8aa Joaa,
i Feiloo. nauldtirCroek. UllcDaii'a.
j 8«n:» Crtix anJ Way Sutloai... S S3* -
i ti.lSA Alrara<!i>. Newark. Pan Joae. 1<o»
ftatii».«;ieriT.o<Mi. Felton. Tlonlder
Cf-tk, CU Culn. ;v»:»ta Crux... 8 13*
! 12.15* Ntwarlc. C'entrrTllle. Saa Jo«%
New AIni*<!ro. !-•>« O »to^. Yt'.UnS.
Hoi.ilrr \'T*ex, 8ant« Crtii aad
Pr!r?*lpa! Wif Slatloaa t3 *5%
< 1Fat*««»rW. 8n Jute. l«i O«um tS.5&A
; 4.1CP * rtztkt. I(ou)..cr .tt-rit and Santa
i Cmx. t»atunl*y and Snndr.v only. H 65 a
COAST LINE Uir'.a-i «.*¦«•>.
;y~ (I ;;:rJ au.l r.»WB»«nJ Strtcta.) '
( v (B 1PA S«n Jo»ean>l W«y S»«t|o»a 6 3C»
| t/ 0*A 3»i« -luic rtii-l vv»jr s'1'.lwn. . . 5.<Cp
> 7.15» Kontrrey nn.l Sanca C'roa Excni^
; »:on (S'jod^y i.nlj) 10-33P
; I 00a N»-w AliiieUcn lTu-i.. Yr'.i.. on!y>, 4-ia*
• C0Alh« coaster— Sao Jotr. Si:in«a.
!>K3 Ar.lii. Pa«u Roi>le*. B«nU
II «r£«rl:a. San hit' Ohta|*>. Santa
Bariiara. baa ItiienaTentwra,
Muntairo. Oxn.trJ. Darixak. Loa
Anj-'rs - I94S*
•40a Gtfruy. lloHlarvr. CanrwDJe. Del
M<ate. PaciSc Orore. Surf, Lorn-
poc 10.45*
f .OCa »•» J '¦>••. Tr«a r;noa.Wat«n«v!Ue.
Capltola. emu Cms. Pasllt*
' Grove. Saltars Saa I.nts ObUpo
anrt Prtactp*: W*<r Statluas. ... 4-lfl*
10 JCa f«iij,)«i«to Way .Stations 1.20*
: 11 Ji a 8«M% i:i>ra. can Juie. Lw* Gato*
an4 Way Statlnn* 7..tO»
| 15Cp San Joteaad Vm Sutloai S 36a
j tJlitpl'.i M.iala Kxpre«a (except Sanf
> c!ir)-Sn:.i Clara. *'sa Jo-e.
W»t«»ov!;ie. Santa Craz. Del
Uoata. Monterey. Ptelflc Crore. tl2.tS*
I-SCp 3unlos»me. San Jo<e. Gllroy. Hot-
i i;«ter. Treal*lr.na.l**Jaro.Wataoa.
> «tl!e. Capitola. Sacu Cruz. Ca»-
troTi:lr.»a:in»s. Partao CroT«... ta 4S A
• 4.30p "an J«we uml Way GtalU.ni *• tmZ
! to C0pS*:<U (Tiara. *»u Jo««. Lo« Uatas.
< 'WrT^bt an<t prinniial Way s:>
! tlon. (fxeept Scuu>y> ?•C3*
! |530p SanJi.»eaai!l*rlaclr:»nVaySu:toii» !34,)»
i »<SPt>«mrt FTt>re«s.— Urdwoo.1. Saa
I Jn»e. Ci:r»v.S Allti.-m.I-Mo Kubles.
; Kan l.nis n;>lfpo. Sanu Har-iarv
: I.<m Ance>». Item'as. Kl Paao,
i vwun«»..Xf*vort... . /ta*
' S.4SP Tajarn.. tV*r*onT|lle. rspttola. j *
i taut* Cms. Ca«troT:ile, Dei 30*
1 Uonte. Pacific Uro»e... . ktiO^i*
¦ 16-15^ EtkMairo.Herctforil.lteitaaai.Saa
! Carina. i;-,j«n.».|. F«| r oaks.
... Mrnio Park. Palo Alto <t.45»
i 8.bCpi>a:o ah«. «b<hy,t SM::..n,....:;; ilifi
• iI.SCp buu:U»nnFr^nt:iM:n. MlHhrae. Uur-
: . ll«««nw. &aa M.;™. Kr!n«on^
i— ban Car'.us. IUUw«mm4. Fair Uaiia
j Menln par's. aa<1 ruloAUo S4S»
1 HI J0s> >UMIc!.l, Uuu:iuln View, bnun>"
; ««1c I^wrcace. 9anu clan aa<l
. " >Jo "' t^^ a
1 ,,*'« ««tuiu». fror Afl«rB<k»-N. '
I t Suq la» axceptsa t Snsdar unir
» bat Jrdmj only. h MasxUr onl».
tfc.v*« at ali a:attoM «¦ fcU»4*xT^
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
L*«t» TU fatwliM rtrrj Arm*
San rranclsco t*t «f JAiVtt U, San Kraneiar*
[ Week 8»a- 5*IB-_ " suu- Week"
i P*T*- .-g-'y.'- /W^P^ «»*?«• Day..
i 10:00 1 \S5»S53>* 2-05r*M-n%?
•?iSt!J!S. 0 ;^^r till
j ' 4:35 r 8:50 T
• * Tl» Cratttf <>r. *_ Tanwlwia U Mi:>'Tai:«T*
Ticxbt }6M Uarkct St. (N ortt»]ihore Raliroadi
• OrncultnO »AUsaUTu faaar. Toot Maxketa^
'Wii&-MlLOOirT«
ADVERTISEMENTS. r
"TT : =— i Positively cured I»y
PARTrDQ these Iiittle Pills.
\f§\ 3\ I SL 8% W a23 ° rellero Di3-
i HS'.tl trcs3 17070. Dyspepsia. In-
j •4^'ITtLE Cigestloa and Too Hearty
I SB 1 \J P 1 f% EatlE?. A perfect rcm-
! §3 SLi^b l» pC7torDfcdness,j;a^32a.
Sn PILL We Bad Tisto
M. JP^I th0 Moult. Coated
gffijjfig^^llj Toestjs. Pala In tte b'de,
I — iTOHPiD LHTit. They
regulate tie Bowels. Purely Vesctatls.
SHALL PILL SMALL DOSE, SMALL PRICE
f**PTCp'cl CCBE SIC K HEADACHE.
.flSiTTLE Genuine Must Bear
gflVER Fac-Simile Signatur3
! | piu.s. J*0. — -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. LNV1GOKA-
I ¦ tor and Nervine.
! The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Or/cans, for both sexps.
> The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of the
i Kidneys and li!add«r. Sells en ita own merits.
! KABER. ALFS & HKUXE, As^nts.
I "C3 Market *t.. S. F. — (Send for. Circulars.)
i RAILWAY TRAVEL. '
H LIMITED TO CHICAGO H
I LEAVES MONDAYS tnd THURSDAYS 1
Kjat !»:.'tO a. m.. throiiffh In .*« day^.M
! feq-wita dlr.er and all trapplnjr». B
Other Santa 7a Train i:
*'•*» m' 1 t0T Stockton. Fresno. Bakersneld.
"loo p.' m. J M"ced, Hanford and Vlsallm.
4:iKi p. m. for titocktcn.
6:00 p. m. for Kansas Cltj. Grand Canyon tad
Chirsso.
TICKET OrriCES — 841 Market St. &al
retry Depot. S. 7. Alao 1112 Broad*
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 Sontn rir»: St.
San Joe. •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSSE
JAN [f/KCISCU /Nil NORTH PA3!?I3
RAIiWAT COKPAirr.
Tlbuioa Ttxry. root oX Harket StrstW
SAW TSAKCXSCO TO SA2T RATAEI-
\NtK.K L>AYs — T:M. 8:Crt>. 0:0O, U:0o a. in.,
l-::{3. i:20. 3:4U. 3:10. 5:60. 6:30 and 11:31
l>. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. ra.
EUXDATS — 7:30 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:3»-
2:20 3:40. B:10. S:SO. 11:30 d. m.
SAI*' 3ATAZL TO SAW TSAHCISCO.
\> t,t.K uAVii— !>:(&. »i:Jo. 7:m, «:5u. »-.£9.
11:15 *. nt; U:W. T2:00. 3:40. S:0O, 5:--O.
tt:2S p. m.
Hatur<ia>» — Extra trip at 1:43 p. ra.
SVNDAYS— «J:3O T:». 0:^0. 11:15 a. ra.: 1:**.
3:40, 4:50. 8:db; 6:^0. «:23. 7:50 p. m.
tKxc*pt Saturday*^ \
'{Tc^Tt ( In EC*ct I Arrive
San Fran. I May 1. "^_J__gfiL F I a^—
"\\>*k I Bun- I Uestlna- I Sun- I Wee*
Pays. 1 days. I tlc^ 1 days. [Days.
i t -30 a 7:»5» 7U3*
7:30« 8:l>0s »:*<» » »¦*» *
R:COa 9:30 « Icnaelo. 10:20 »10:M*
•• 30 p S:3Op V.Vtp, «:2»?
8:10 p 6:10 p 5-20 p * * ¦.
- iiiiii!
-.•j,, -i T..-KJ a ~ 7:43 al 7:Oa
L-Z.O* vsiw- Ncvato 10:JOa 10:2»a
t:10^ 2:W>P «nd . :=- P • =-» ?
5:10 pt Sar.ta Ro.'a. :1 *JBl
Taw. t:3oai^ l" 1 ?^*! 1 -:?! 4
> :(h, « » :.X» » Fulton. . |23 p « .JO p
•.•:.-.0p ?:»0pl I l>:43 cl ...'P
I Windsor. J
7-30 a 7:SO « Healdsburr- (l0:=0 ¦ 1O:CO i
I Lytton. t _
2:30 p 2:30 pj Ge Js ervll>. !7:23p . :-3 9
Tso"al 7:~oli H^piand jl«>:C» ajlO:2O *
A ;3(.pi SiSOpl »nd i:kiah. ! 7 ;gl pi 7:2> P
i i" Wllllts: T~ I ,
7 :S0 a! 7 :30 al Shgrwood. I7:2^pf.:23p
TmioiI 8 uoa! Guern<"v|lle antl Mo:2'» B|lf»:2» j
2:52 p| g;.^!) pj Cant. Vacation. | 8:43 pi ft:g) p
"h-uoa t>:«o« I 8:4oa J«:4»i
t^Op n::«na Eonoraa. ' «:0O p «:2i> p
r.:10p Glen Ellen. I 8:43 p ,
-.»„-• rsoal ilo:*_"iallo:i'».»
jlS'Ipl -j.^pl S*b«stopol. I 7:25 pj « : a> p
STAGES connect at Santa Horn for Whlt»
Suii-hur nprlncs and Marie V\>*t Fcrlnss; «t
Kuliun for Kurke's Sanitarium: nt Lytton fsr
lMton SrrlnE»: »t Gey»ervir.» for Skaggs :
J. lints- at Ctcverdale lor tbe Geysers. Boone-
ville and iir«n«oo«l: at Hopland for Diim-aa j
i-ninc- Highland Kprln«r. Ketseyvllle. Carl»- i
1 ad Spring*. Soda Hay. L*keport and Uartlecc ;
? .rlnE«- at GMah for Vichy Sprtni.-y. P»ratoi{.» i
ti.r ns*.' Blue LskfJ. Laurel Dell ljike. \V:;t*r !
t i!r*« VW Lak». Porno. Potter Valtoy. '
J hn'"i>ay*. Riverside. LUrl^y'*. Huckctir"..
Fanhedrln He!«hu. HuJl.Hle. Orfs Ho:
li^i-ncs Halfway House. Comptehe. Camp
Ilorklr.?. Mwtforlno Ci:y. Fort Ilrais.
\\*»tport. T*al: «t Wlllin for Kort BracK.
\V«»tl<oit. Fhervrood. Cahto. Cov^Jc. I.a>!un-
\lll« Cummins. Ecll'*. fcprii'gj. Ilarri*. Ola^n... !
Uyor. Gartervil>. Ptpperr-ocU. Scutla anJ ¦
Saturday to Monday round-hip !Iclc»ts a: rs-
duced tatt*.
On Surwlay*— Kound-trlp tickets to all point*
Lryord i^an Hafcel at half rates.
Ticket Offlct. C30 Markst street. Cbronlcl* ;
tU JAS?i. FHAZIKR. R. X. RTAV. !
Gen. Mnincw. iirn. T'ay*. \t'~
jS^^Sp RO55 VALLEY -
!^^^»^ CAZADERO. Etc. !
1 c?!?^|:4S^JS>J'5 >i Via SausaUto Tarry. I
SUBVREAN EF.r.\1CE. STANDARD CALCK. •
i^«'urt lrc:r. c*n l-'ranclsco. week di>». at !
C-aO**. :10. '•:¦»*• »:-«'. y:l^ Iw.oo. lltUn a. m. j
iii-'«o a m. i^ausalitu only;, 12:20, 1:45, 3:1.\
4 -to 4:33, Z.M. i>:'M. 8SS. 7:15. 9:0o. l\>:2j. \
ii-35 v m. Sundays a:i<1 legal holidays depart i
at 7-10 I'-**. !>:•¦*". M:15. 10:00. 11:00, ll:4.>
a te' 12:20. l:0l>, 1:45. 2:20. 3:13. 4:w, 4 :Si. j
5:l&,S::o. ti:25. 7:13. S: 15* 9:00. 10:2O. Jl:0i
*' Vi've at San F.-anclsco. week days, C:17. i
7-in» 7 33. 8:15. 8Mi. »:•-"». 10-^O, H:o5 a. m.. :
i-'CJ 1:20. 2:30. S:::\ 4:20. 5:03. 5:40. 0:13.
U~i:> '7-5S. lo:05. 11:25 P- m. On Sundays and
Wai ho!iuaj » «'ra trains arrive at 12:43, 2:03.
'For P 'FAtrfax. week days, depart at 7:43 a. m..
T-1-, n m. Or. Sunrtnys and lej.al holidays hi
7:45. o':13. 10:00. 11:00 «. n».. 12:20. 1 :'jo. l:i5
P m ' THROUGil TRAILS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cezad.cro and way ¦tatlooa.
0:13 a. m. Sundays only— Kor Point Keye».
.1:13 v- m. dally exceft Sunday~yor Caza-
dero. etc.
»«:13 p. m.. Sundays only — Fcr Cazadsro. etc.
TICKKT OFFICK— C20 Market st.
FKKRY- Tnlcn l>rpot. toct of Market St.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
bon« authorised to have the game published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
cf the event are published once in thia column
free of charge.
BOKX.
KALISHER— In this city. September 5. 19C4,
to the wife of Edward Kalleher, a daughter.
3IAK1UED.
DODNER— HEBER— In this city. September 3.
1004, Albert Bernard Dobner and Minnie May
Ileber cf San Francisco.
FERGUSON— FREW— In this city, by ' the
Rev. John llcmphill. D.D., pastor ot Cal-
vary Presbyterian Church. John h\ l'cigu-
eon of San Francisco and Amy II. Frew of
Guelph, Ontario, Canada.
HUMPHREYS— NELSON— In thl« city, Aug-
tift 31. 1004. by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Alexander H. Humphreys and Magna J.
Nelson.
JENKINS— JOHNSTONE— In this city, Aug-
ust 31. 1004, by the Rev. O. Groensberg,
Richard Jenkins and Mary Evanla Johnstor.e.
MAXWELL— FRAZIER— In this city Septem-
ber 4. 1004. by the Rev. E. L. Wala. pastor
of the Fourth Congregational Church, FreJ-
«rlc W. Maxwell of Nevada. Mo., and Olive
G. Frazier of Aurora, Mo.
STANGELAND— BJORNSTAD— In this city,
September 8. 10U4 by the Rev. O. Gromi-
bercr. Jens Stangeland and P.agnh.Id Bjorn-
stad.
DIED.
Ahearn. Patrick ' Johnson, Thelma
Berghofcr. Conrad Killten. John J.
Binns. Charles H. Larsen. li.ger C. C.
Brosrart Gertrude l^evy, Molse '
Burress. Russell T. Lincoln, Vallntana S.
Cavagnaro John . Lofstad. Eliza
Chuich. William P. McLaughlln. Jos. M.
Cleary. Nellie Monnler. George
Dance. Catharina E. Person. William M.
Denher. Peter Plato. Samuel
Erland. James Saxe. John D. Jr.
I Greenhow Margaret Vaclllio, I.rfon'
I Hopper, Mildred Wegener. Henry A.
Hutchison. Kdraond Woodworth. Rev.Jas.
Jimenez. Lulsa H.
AHEARN— In this city. September 1. 100t.
Patrick Ahearn, a native of Ireland, aged
60 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Btrvlce?
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 a. m.. at il;e par-
lors of Valente. Marlni &. Co., 1524 Stockton
street, thence by ll:;>0 a. m. train fiom
Third and Townsend streets to Holy Cro.-s
Cemetery.
BERGHOFER— In this city, September 4,
1&04. Conrad, beloved father of Mrs. David
Schonfeld and Mr*. Otto Burmelster. a na-
tive of Wetter. Germany, aged 74 years and
11> days. A member of San Francisco
Lodge No. 3. U. A. O. D., and California
Stamm. U. O. R. M.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 0. at 1 p. m., from DruldV Hall.
413 Sutter street, between Powell and
Stockton. Interment Mount Olivet Ctmctiry,
by carriage.
BINNS— In this city, September 5. 11)01,
Charles II. Blnns. eon of David S. and Ellen
L. Blnns. and brother of Mrs. J. II. Sharpe,
a native of Canada, aged 2J ycarj 9 tnombi
and 10 days.
K7Funeral private.
BROSSART— In this city, September 3. 1004,
Gcrtrudi-. beloved wife of Charl'.a Brossart,
and mother of Louis Frederick Brossart, a
native of Arizona, aged 20 years 0 menths
and S< Maya.
C?"rhc funeral will take place ta-day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m.. from th- parlors of
McFaddcn. McBrearty & tJrcen. 1171 Mission
Btreet, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURRESS— In this city. September 5. 1001.
Russell T. beloved huilwml of Mary E.
Burress. and father of Mrs. F. J. Watklns,
Mrs. S. L. Cooke, Mrs. N. Knowlton and
John E. Burress. a native of Missouri. ageJ
62 years 10 months and IS days.
CAVAGNARO— In this city. September 4. 1904.
John Cavagnaro, a native uf Italy, aged <;.'; |
years. i
CHURCH— In Sacramento. September 4. 1U04.
William P. Church, a native of New York.
A member of \\>5tfrn Shore Lrfnige B. of
R. T.. No. 71. and Alcatraz Lodge No. 21 1,
F. and A. M. ;
CLEARY— In this city. Septembir T.. 1H04. Nel- ¦
He, beloved wife of T. J. Cleary. and mother •
of George. Timothy. Howard and Raymond .
Clcary. and sister of Thomas. Frank. George
and the late J. J. O'Connor, a native of S<m
Francisco, aged 34 years 0 months and 22
days.
DANCE— In this city. September 4. 1C0I,
Catharina E. C, beioveil wife of R. W. j
Dance, cnii aistcr of Maria Neergaard. a
native of Denmark, aged 15 years ;t months
and 7 iMys. A member of San Francisco
Temple No. 11. Kathbone Sisters.
O'Fritnda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11 a. m.. at tlie
chapol of Charles H. J. Truman &. Co., 19U9
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Remains at her late n-sldence, ."2S
Bryan", street, between Thlid and Fourth,
until 8 a. in. Wednesday. Interment Mount
olivet Cemetery »>y carriage.
DENNER— In this city. September 5. 1001,
Peter, drarly beloved husband of Eleanor
Denner. and beloved father cf Peter Denner
Jr., a native uf Hessen. Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 73 years N months and 3 days.
A member of St. Peter's D. it. 1C, Untcr-
stutzungs Vfujii.
(CTFrtends and acquaintancrs are resprct-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
September S, 1004. at 8:30 a. m.. from his
late residence. 28 Heron street, oft K ghth.
between Folsom and Harrison! thence tj
Ht. Boniface's Church, Gulden Gate avenue,
betv.-cen Leavenworth and Jones, where a
KoUmn requiem high nuifa will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
ERLAND— In this <lty. September 5. 1001.
James Eiiand beloved eon of I eter A. aril
Iyenst Hall, and brother of Mrs GrorRina
8tl-r. Mrs. Lena Franklin and Fhosbe Hall,
a native of Eureka. HumboMt County Cal..
aged 20 years 8 months and 21 days. (Sacra.
njento papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 p. ra.. from tha resldcnc3
of his parents, 15 Lnpidge street betvleen I
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. 'intennVnt i
Mount Olivet Ometery by electrK: funerd! |
car fror.iiE ghteenth and Guerrero streets. '
GREENHOW— In this city. September .'¦ 1934 !
Margarrt 15.. beloved wife of Alexander m!
Greenhow. and mother of Agnes. Jame3 *n<l
William Greenhow. anJ slstc-r of the late !
Robert Christie, Mrr Andrew Caldfr Mrs !
Tliomas Rlley ar.d Mrjs. David Duncan a
native of Montrose. Scotland, aged 40 yt'arj ;
4 months and 2S days.
E7"Friends and acquaintancrs ara respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrov/ '
(Wednesday), nt 2 p. m.. rrom her late
residence. "OXt Lacuna strtit, cornet of Fil-
bert. Interment" Mount Ollvtt Cemetery.
HOPPER— In this city. September .%. 1D0J.
Mildred, beloved dajgiite r of Andrew J anil
Jennie G. Hopper, a native of Fort Jjnes i
Slskiyou County. Cal.. a^cd is years 9 i
menths and 5 days.
HinCHIFON— In this city. September 5. 100».
Ldmond .«.. beloved husband of Lucille Nay-
lor Hutchison, and broihcr of T. and J
Hutchison of Og<len. Utah, a native of Scot-
land, autd :;l year* 3 months anJ 2C u^ys.
JIMENEZ— In this city. Lulta HernamJes do i
Jimenez, beloved wlfa of C. F Jimenez.
mother cf Antonio. Carmelita and Rkarito
•Jinknes; daughter of ,Tos?fa K. dc Hernan-
dez, ttxUr «/ Mrs. C. Monceavais. and filter-
In- law o: Hentura. Jej..-i-. Llbta-Jo and Ale- !
Jandro Jln-.<nez, a native of Muzatlan Mix- '
Ico. njced 30 years. " " !
li?'Not:ce oi funeral hereafter. j
JOHKSON— Near Larkspur. September 4. 1034 !
Thelma. youngejit &nd belove<l daughter of !
Gccrse O. nmi Henrietta Jolmson. and ulster
ot Zenith V. Johtc.on. a native of San Fran-
ei*oo. ased 4 months and 15 day*.
KILLEEV— In thia city. Scplembcr 3, 100J
John Joseph, belc-ed husband of Lottld
Killeen. ar.d son or Hugh .?. and th.» late
Annie Kllicen. ani brother of Mamie, Temle
and Majgie Klllcen and Mrs Geotge
Lyons, a native of San Francisco, ncod :;t
yeara 11 months und 1 day. A mem'b?r of
i '.olden Gate Lodge No. CU O. P. I A (San i
Joi>r nnpcrH p| fa .v copy.) j
ETFrirnds and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invltrd to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Wtunrsday), nt 0:30 a. m.. from the pal-
lors «f McFadden. McBrearty &. Green 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth
thrnce to Third and Townsend streets by
10:30 a. m. train. Interment Santa Clara.
LARSEN— In thin city. September 4 1004
Inscr C. C, b> loved wife of the late J p" !
Larsen. divoted muthe r or I^iurltz and \l-
fred Larsen. and sister of N C an«l C*P
Toft, Mrs S. A. Beler and Miss Catherine
Toft, a native of fcchleawlg. Germany, aged
40 years. 6
\ CTFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day morning, September 7. at 11:15 o'clock
In Martinez, on the arrival of the train leav-
ing San Francisco nt 9:36 a. m.. thence to
the Presbyterian Church, where funeral serv-
ices will be held. Interment Martinez Cal
Remains at the parlors of H. P. Pet'erfen"
22S McAllister street... «crten.
LEVY— la this city, September 5. 1004 Moise
beloved husband of Leone Levy father of
Jennie Levy,. and brother of Gabriel Levy of
¦ Signal, Art*., a native of Alsace, aged S»
years 6 months and 6 days..."
LINCOLN— In this city. September 5 11)04
Vallntana Sapata Lincoln, beloved mother
of Mariana Lincoln, a native of Chile as#d
00 years. , "-"*™"
LOFSTAD— In this city, . September 5. 1901
Eliza, wife of J. N. Lofstad. and mother ot
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mlssioa 3L
MONAHAN, O'HARA& CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEUS
UaCJ-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
San 1'ranclsco.
OAKLAKD ADVTS^NTS,
OAZXASTD E2AL ESTATE. ".
A. 3. SNTDER.
nn.VL ESTATE liROKEU AND DEALER.
,J. .307 NINTH BTREttT.
CCOO-ONLV $.V» DOtRff.
BALANCE AS RENT.
LOT 50x100.
SCth St., tet. GROVE AND TELEGRAPH.
13750— REDCCED FROM $4250.
ONLY f75» DOWN.
BALANCE AS RENT.
LOT 40x185. i
SANTA CLARA AVE., nr. OAKLAND AVE.
ICS0— SMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
NEW ANI> MODERN
IN EVERY PARTICULAR.
LOT 4DX14W.
Hlft Et.. bet. TELEGRAPH AND GROVE.
|33« $02C0. 55250.
SCew and modern; 7 rooms and bath.
J '.:.:>¦... •: In Ore son jeilow pine.
Dlr.lnK-roow has boarn celling.
Cczy corners throuchout house.
Artastteatly conMructed den.
inlaid Coon,
Ulnlnc-room !r.!.-:...' In veneered blue myrtle,
lieaut'iful plate leader gla*» windows.
NO EXPENSE HAS BEEN SPARED TO
MAKK THIS PLACE THOROUGHLY MOD-
ERN AND irP-TO-DATE. KIT CA TED AS IT
IS ON TUB NICEST RESIDENCE
Xrr.KTZT, DETWEEN THE TWO BEST
rnoss streets, telegraph aveni;e
>Mj GBOVE bTBKfcT. " IT IS HOUND TO
")MMK.M) ITSELF TO THE MOST FAS--
nOIOUS: LOT 4i>xl<:i. OR MORii GROUND
MAY lit; HAD IF DESIRED.
A. J SNYDER.
REAL ESTATE DBOKEB AND DEALER.
4C7 Ninth JSticei. OaUland.
OAKLAJTD HOUSES TO LET.
. VJFTT-E1GHTII. 6"01. corner McCall —
Howe 7 roorr.* and bath, pantry, waahbouse,
7-foot basement, thicken -yard. pens, etc.; the
rardf-n, «hfrh i» an utra large lot, contains
«j'li>. pear, cherry and plum trees In full
l«.-jrirg; fine t. *•!!. wtr.drcill end lank vn the
inriuise*: rtnt $10.
OAKLAND TUBK1TUEE TOB SAI.E.
'jo-MuRROW the day for bargains In furni-
ti;r<». II. S>c*-.?lhaas.lUh tt..cor.nore.OaVUnd.
Sail Francisco Advertism'ts.
BOOKS TOE. EOUSEKEEPIKC-.
DffcTI. 111CA — 4 front bay-window rooms.
CAl.lF'.'KNIA. iriH- Floi.r of Z sunny rooms;
/unnjiij; water in every room; nice location.
yi'.l.I.. U2S— Nlw fut-nlshrd suite housekeeping.
*H; tential: both, it-is iangp; adults.
tiUST. 20N. :n»»r ttowaill " 8 sunny housfkeep-
tr:^ ror>ms: businrjia location; rent moderate.
F(M"1:TKEXTK. "CH — 2 Bunny furnished hou»e-
J»e»-pjTn; i-ooait".
HOWARD. C3S1— Sunny furnished suite, com-
jlcte lor houhtkeejing; ?12; adults.
JACKSON. f»41 — 2 or 3 hcus<-k«cp!ng ro->ms.
JESSIE. I-arge Ermt room; furrir!:ej for
hcui-fk»^|inK ; pas rnnifp, c-<;t; S4 T.t-*-k.
JHSsrlE. 1.HI7 — To Ut. 4 h:H C sunny rcom«;
fmr.lM:<.-d fcr h('U^elieenlI-4:; wjih gas.
KENII.WORTH. cor. Buth and Powell— Thr»*.
• rcora »i;nny apartments; (trim heat:crn. lot.
KJCICKEBBOCKEn «VparUMnui. 1310 Pin*—
Sunny. Jurr.^hcJ "-r^cm fuui»s: steam beat*
*<3. fiectric ;¦».!.!••... free !>alht<: rktcs rea*.
LASKiy, 41V— Nu-e pleasant hcusckecp-
•Ing lOwtiis; lart*- >arii.
Lll-RAHT bids.. V.-n NVr* nn<i Golden Gate
• «¦**. — P«!t»p «r4 »unnv "jTif'ir. rooms: r»a>«.
MAP.Xl.T. 1507— Two unfurr.irhcd rooms for
.' <'-^"ke»'j>mg.
I 1 .: .-IuN. I2in-Furnlshea hcuFeUr?j7ing roorr.*;
alec one single ronni; no children.
UU81O3C; "TM- Two furnished sunny rooms or
hojrekeoping. $12.
Mfi: houM-keep'r.c room* to let; ail locutions.
flsOM Clay «HJ.
SCIXKTCEXTH. ."{175. M!5*lcn warm belt—
Ni«-*.'y TurnUhriJ rooai; i:uuaeke«j>in2; »:<-«.
ha t ti
KIXSTKEJCTH. SfTSAr-ValetaCta. «arm b<-!t— 2
niot-ly fur.frot:t rooms;hcus-ke»nlng:tas.tiath.
CaK. ;iT. S'{« McA"I'i"»r— Hoom*. comp4*tr;
t*. •• *\Z: r»* rsneo. b«t V»th: adults.
OAK. tC7— KouHi *» »nd J"; ninny, tlnn,
«juict and icspcciable. Cull C to 7 p. m. only.
S.VRAUK.VTO. lOQft-^Ttocc unTumished fr^t
n«m^: l-oy window; running water; ges and
battK
SCOTT. 3<t<i. nortlwart comer Page — Two
newly 'umishrd, funry hpu!t»k«^rlng rcoms;
take HairM-ft. oar to Sct-tt: quiot. resi>ect-
fcble tf, t^hborhood.
KTEINER, IS23— 2 cr 3 fjrr.ishfd rooms, with
u^c <f l:I:r!i*n.
THE Vir^it.ia. 1C13 Powell— Fun. '.shod or un-
romittteal btj -window sultrs. .-om^lete fcr-
h>''jsk<y-i)irat; sa* ranee: also wlnjrle.
> nrnh'S r.cw« for S cents— The Weekly Call.
'.r. j l a J res. :r. wr»nr»r. for mall I r.r. SI jxr year
APARTMENT HOUSES.
K"j". LOUIS. I57i Jacks&n st. — Modern 3-4-S
r.mtrns: :urn. cr unfur.: r-tr. Tel. East 1350.
KOO9XS TO ZaET — rnrc. and Uafnra.
A-WOLF HOUSE. S. W. cor. Sixth and
Howard— MuJern ap«rtn-.entk. tingle routns,
.-tc. li«m Toe to {1; rate* by the week or
ir.cr.tii.
':^-»w- ,
A— nXii*XSWICK Houk. US Sixth rt.— Rcoms
to (I |>er nlgbt. 51 C5 to $5 per w«»k ar.J
;i«;ht hcKj**keepins rtwn-.*; open all night.
AT 'Xbe Almonte." S7S Market »t. <or No. I
Fifth rt.>— RQomx. 2ic. 60c. (1. |1 Sa night;
1 : 1 St) to $10 ».¦•!.; hcute open all night.
A^J^ a\e.. l^S — Furn^hc-d front rocm; $8.
L'l'LUOND Bouse, over Owl drug fto:e. 2-en-
trances, mu Markrt end tl Turk— Electric
iifcli'*: tunning watpr in «-\ery room; 200
ro»ir»: 25c to 6<V per n'.yht: »1 !'.'¦ to JJ wetk.
'
iuvh. ;e>— rtopi;i to ut.
ITDDY. 3,- corner Market and Powell — Suites and
t-incte rooms; fine vlrtv Market-rt. tllumlna-
tlot:*.
MlJlJV. 4:S- t -El<>i«rtly furnikhed : arlor suite;
cth«T rooms; cttcice lotitiun; :'-a«onabl*.
———__«
IH)DY. iZVC, — A essoy front room for rest.
tlGHTii ove..57l. nr. Park :I*O'Jy-irt. cars — 2 Fcr-
i'.v i/orlor«. hajrtjl'ladaw r. Sor couple or 2 men
ELLIS. lU-Nicyiv furn!»b?d rooms.
KJ.Lir, 7S2 — r*i:mlf^pd rocms to let.
FoLSOM. C23— Larce front r*rior. with all
tx»ii!f«jrts. lor 2 »entlen-.rn.
y«"»H?Cai. 83:— Sunny rocm with gB» stove,
FRANKLIN. 7T1. rrar G. <8. ave.— Sunny fur-
njt-h»-<1 Trent r... i. is. aaltaM* for two. $10.
Fl'JSN'ISHED rc«:nj» 10 let; at! location'*. Pbone
Ciay DM
GKAItY. ow — Nirrly ruin!*:ied. sunny bty-
»\ln.iuw irent raoa:: tCaso; suitable for t*o
it thr«.
GdLUEN OAT:: ave.. ZSl. near Van Ness
»• crii!*!iea frvnt »;i!te; reaaonable; others.
GUUGH. 723— Nlie turn!thed room. .
UrtAND Scuthern. 7th end Mission— Rooms SSa
u»tl 3 right: %l &0 to $0 wk.: rt-adlng-rm.
C.IiEKNWlCH. 1920— Large unfurnished room.
onpVE. tiS— Furnished room.
HOWARD. 704. near Third— Furnished rocm*.
HOWARD. 73i — Lai-ge , sunny rooms at low
rat*r: 2.V to tl day and tl 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD, 7C7«;— FurnUhed rooms to Ut.
HOWARD. K2— 2 iv'.Ut houjekeeplog roomi;
.• '; u -cinglc.
HoWAKD. s50 (Eurrlra House)— Large com-
fcrtsUle fu t niched roonr.s.
HOWARD, 105O— FurnUhed aunny front room*;
Cat; $2 up.
HOWARD. lOOS— Nicely furnished suncy
Kcj.it; ntooios '- water; rca*ocatle.
BOOMS TO I.ET— rnrn. and XTnfnrn.
HVDE, 1126— Nice, eunny fur. room; modern
conveniences; msltable. for one or two; reas.
HTDE. 15«— Rooms.
HYDE. ISU— Itoom to let.
LAUKIN, 408— Parlor suite for 4 to « visitors;
first-class private house. ¦¦ r] \-:
LEAVENWORTH. 1039, between California
and Pine — B rooms and tath.
MARKET. 1040 (Tee Falmouth) — Sunny room*.
j hot. cold water. clevator;wlndows for parade.
| MCALLISTER. 670, near Van Ness ave. —
Knights Templar, rcoms single or en suite;
housc!:cepine: modrrn flat; walking distance
I MCALLISTER. 717— Well furnished hou*ekeep-
• Ing I»ont iiarlors; rooms for KnlcMs Tern-
j pi!*: low rent. w ___________.
j MINNA. COO — Newly furnished rooms.
MISSION, SIC— Rooms to let.
MISSION. 011%— Nicely furnished sunny front
i ro'im; a!v> other rooms.
: MISSION. 1013. near Sixth— FuTnl»he<J front
i room for 2 adults; folding bed; no sign.
i "—•" ~~— ~~— — ¦^~^~ ~~ ~ "~~~ ~— ~~" ~~~~~~~~~~~"
! MISSION. 1013. near Sixth— Small front room
for sentleman; SI CO per Tvetk; no sign.
I MISSION. 1349— Furnished rooms. -^
j .
j MISSION. 2202— Rooms to let.
{ MISSION. 27CS — To let. furnished rooms.
• TAYLOR, 21— FIr»t-e!as9 suite* and elngi*
; room*: tteam fceat. hot and cold water; rea-
j conbb'.e.
| NINTH. 1C5— Furnished rooms to let.
1 OAK. S32— Newly furnished basement room;
j rrnt So.
I OCTAVIA. 1167— Large well-furnished room for
: thre* young men.
' OCTAVIA. 1137 — Well-furnished rooms: gas;
j bath; phone.
; O'FAURELL. 770, r.r. I.«rkin— 2 light, sunny,
i large unfur. he<u»ekpg. rooms; reasonable.
|
I O'FARJJELL. 1164 — Choice, exceptional accom-
modstlons for visiting Knights; suites of 3 or
more rooms; aUo double and single rooms.
O'FARHELL. 1520. near Buchanan— 2 fur-
nished rooms; hot and rold water; bath;
phone; (15; private; also single, $10 and f&
I "~~ ———-———-——-——^— —-——-—-——-——
j PAGE. 31— Furnished rooms.
' PINE. 044 — Fine sunny rooms; cheap; suitable I
. for two gentlemen.
! PINE. 17:3. near Van Nesi— Elegantly fur-
i rislted sunny rcomi; prl\aie family; all ccn>
. moderate.
i PINE. 1733— Nicely furnished room; light, j
: sunny: bath, phone, etc.: reasonable.
TO5T. 217— Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite, for conclave visitors; leasonaote.
! POST. SSI — Large furnished front room; run-
f nlng water; for 1 or 2 gents; references. |
i ~^~~~~ "~~ ~~~~ ~~ ~2 ~ ~ ~ ~~ ~~^"~^"~ — — — — .
; HITCH. 23!l— 2 tunry front rooms to let.
: SACRAMENTO. 1C11— Neat and very sunny
rear room; private family; gentleman.
SACRAMENTO. 1042 — A *unny hall room. In
private family for gentleman.
SCOTT. 251 — Nice »unny tuite of rooms dur-
ing conclave.
I MJOTWEl.L. «5 — Nicely furnished eunny
rcKjnis; private family.
1 STEVENSON. 774— Small furnished room to
HS* : !
gL'TTER. Ofil— The Larchmont. between Grant
ave. ani Stockton st. — Central, convenient;
i elegant rocms fcr conclave week; rates $1 to
*1 x-*r day. Cars direct from ferry.
; BUTTER. HSW— FurnlKhed rooms to let.
: TENTH. 119— Large double room; centrally lo-
cated.
i THE LARCHMONT. 301 Eutter— New brick
building, fineiy furnished; modern; central:
rates reasonable.
; THIRD, SCS (The Mayflower)— Pleasant runy
lurnlrhcd rooms: central; reasonable.
! THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; $150. 42S
S!xlh »t.
TURK. Ml— Furnished room to Set. :
TWENTIETH, .~t.se— To rent, large sunny, fur-
nhhrd roum: fs.
CXITKU STATES. VSkYAtj. near Market— 400
room*. 35<r ta tl night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lljrhts ino ita«>. running water In rvery
lorn; elevator, read. -room; free bua; bagKage.
VALENCIA. 10A— Furnished rooms to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel. U -Id St.. near Market—
Most convnlent find respectable; 7C0 rooms;
33c to *1 50 night: f2 to fS week; elevator; |
*"l«-c. light.*: leading-room; free bu«; baggage. |
; ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
I Call branch office. cnr.Duncan and Church «ts.
I A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception j
cf advertisement* end subscriptions has been
opened at 100$ Market s»t.. cpposlte Fifth, i
Open until 11 p. m. '
! CHEAPEST and best In America— Th» We-kjy j
Call. 16 p.-tc-s. »ent to any address In the j
l°r<<tMi «t»!«>« or r"nns^ji i\t\» vear for tl. I
j 200MS^AN^nOAJU>.
: PRIVATE family can accommodate a i>arty of
IS. f J a week each; have full use of kltch'n:
rrnr!:»t convenient. 21.'»<> Ho» - ard St.. sMon.J
house from ISth; desirable nelghl>orhood. j
DOA1'I> and room, private . family; no other !
boarder*: references; no children. Eox 813, |
Call office. i
: COMFORTAULH, sociable, moderate home for
K'.ntleman; 2«» minutes to electric cars; good I
board. Box 11S7. Call.
' FINE south facing front and side rooms;
nictly furnished: first-rlaes table board. WOO
Elchteenth st.. Oakland.
i EI.LIS, 4^3— Fine furnlFh^di rooms, with
clioice«t Frerch table board; b»st location.
; LARKIN. ?4rt— r.rcm and board for gentleman, j
LAGU.VA. 1123— Furnished rocm and board; !
FUltab.e ttr Itro. !
¦ MA£0X, i.l.'A. near Sutt-jr — Sunny rco.-n an! i
¦ ! i. .i.!.i In jprhfit" family. ;
McALLLSTER. 1*22— Hccitj and board.
O'FARracLL. 310— Sunny lu»nished room anu !
lunnlTiK water, r.-ith lirard.
i PC.ST. 0S5 — CflOtn. wltli or without board.
; ROCMS wiih board: all lora:icn». rhene Clay
_=2!i
j ROOMS with beard, lia* Turk street.
I KDDT. 112S. err. Je~erscn Park— Fine Turn.
runny rc« n:s; table board: reaa.: new tnenng. i
i UCWARD. SJ1A— Klr»t-cla?s board and roenj. '
?in?!':- cr double. S5-$C wk. : American fa mil r. j
S'.evet.»oa Mansion, op?. Grace Church r.nn-x. !
j t>n" Ca!)rcrn!a — .^ee rocma.leam prlces.try t.ibl>-. |
! CHEAPEST and beft In America— Th« Weekly
«~*H. 10 l^atf. >"ent to any addrersln the
L'nltod Stal< • or Canada cse year for SI,
, rottsge ra'J. - I
! BrOOM-BErTTiyO AQEgQY, |
• MAHION GRIFFIN, 4Ct5 Examinsr bldg.—
; Rooms to Ut, with or without housekeeping,
i single or !a aaltes: »•«¦ recommend S00 Scott,
j 4S4 Hairht. 403 Halirht. 1187 Kill*.
j HAVE you eny rooms to let? If you have and
' want tbesi t»nvr .' 4 quick telephone to Clay bx>9.
I — »^^^—^»^»—^
| STAULIS TO LET.
j STAHLE 1 cr 2 horse*: place for warona. 36
nrady *t.. cfl Market, bet. Twelfth and
Thirteenth. ' ;
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents — Tbe Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
PIVIDEgrP gOTXCES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
Iiary. Con. — A dividend. No. 09. of fifty rents
tMV) per share on the issued capital stock o'
the company has been declared, payable at
the office of the company, room* 202, 204 and
"uti Hayward building. £an Francisco, on
September 10, 1904. Transfer books closa
' Sept. 3. 1001, at noon. c. C. QUINX. Sec
TIAVI. ~
A WAT to beaUo — Mothers" and daughters'
hrm« treatment: booklet free; write for It.
VI A VI CO.. ~iC4 Van Ness: phone gait 2SZ
BTUTTBKiyO^jiyp^STABPCEBCTQ.
MELUOURNi: lnvtltute. Van Ness and Market?
• rntta; eatab. in S.F. * yrs. Hours 1 to S p.m.
Mrg. H. R. Brown and George and Austin
Kanzee. a native ot New York, aged 00 ycarj
. and_ll months.
CTT-'uneral rrlvate. - : V.'-' ; .
MCLAUGHLIN — In this city, September 5,
1001, Joseph . M., beloved eon cf ailchacl J.
and Margaret McLaughltn. and brother or
M&sgle McLauKhlln, a native o' S«m Kran-
clsco. CKod 8 months and 28 day*.
MONNIEK— In this city, Septembir 4. 100».
George Monnler, beloved husband of Annie
Marie Monnier. father of George Hornier,
brother of, Pierre Monnler and Mrs. Cnrltey,
and uncle of Mrs Williams, Mrs. Collins,
Octavla Doud. Madeline Sophie, George and
the late Edward Monni'er Mra. Laura En.
ders and Mrs. Krlner. a "native of- France,
aeefi 00* years 4 montiis and IB days.
(CTFuneral Wednesday ' September 7. 1004,
at 0:M0 a. m.. froln his late residence. 231 B
Fotaom street, thence to French Church or
Notre Dame des Victolres, Bush street, where
a hlprh requiem ma?s will be celebrattd for
the repose of his soul, commenelnc at 10:.".U
a. m. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
PIKHSON— In tills city. September 4. 1004.
r \Vllllam M.. husband of Ar.na R. Plerion,
and father of Lawrence H and Fred H.
Pierson. and brother of Mrs. Alfred K. Dur-
brow and Joseph T Pierson. a native of
Ohjo^ aged C2 years "and 7 months.
tE^Funeral services will be he'.d Wednes-
day. Septpmbcr 7. at 11 a. m.. at his late
residence. ?214 Van Ness avenue. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
! PLATO— In this city. September 4, 1004.
• samiifl PlPto. bclovM husbanl of the la'e
I Augusta Plato, and father of Mrs. T. Roth,
I liObert. Fred and Isaac Plato, a nit ve
; of Posen. Prussia, aged 00 years. (New
\oi-k dry papers please copy.)
tC7"Fr!ends and acquaintances Rr» reaprct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 p. m.. from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs.- I. Roth 1U7 Golden
Cate avenue, thence by :t:T,b p. m. train
from Third* and Town«cnd streets to New
Salem Cemetery for Int-rment.
I SAXIJ— In this city. September 4. 1004. John
i V;. Sa^ Jr " bel «ve t i »on of John D." ard
Alic» M. Saxe, a native of San Franclrco,
! aged i months and « day?.
I V i XCI t LI .^~ Pas? cd away Septrmbfr 4. 1004.
in the 49th year of his age. Leon Vaclllio. a
j native of Samoz. Greece.
i tn?'TIie funeral' will take place to-mcrrow
. f. B(lay> - 8t - P- m.. from the parlors
of MeAvoy & Co.. li\-,9 Market street, thenc*
via electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
i.ucrrero ntreets. Interment private. Holy
{ Cross Cemetery.
WEGEXER— At Ssnta Catalina Island. Sep-
temher 5, 10O1. Henry A. Wegener. belov*d
husband of Mollle Wegener a native of San
Irancifco. ar c <i a6 years and 7 months.
j WOOIMVOF.TIJ— In this city September ."..
19T4, Hew .lames \Voo:i\vorlh a native of
I KIiijsioii. Miss., aged 75 jears 0 months and
! 7 day*. i
| CTFrlend* are Invited to attend the
; funeral ecrvicts Wednesday September 7,
] »t 1:ao p., m., at Trinity Prebyt?r!an
I Church, corner of Twenty- third and Capp
: streets. Remains at chapel o! N. Gray &
Co.. :,.•. Kufrr street. Interment Cypress
I Lawn Cemetery.:.-; The avu age locomotive, - 5 will dra'.v r.OO
tons of goods a mile;every,;three}min
utes/- It .would-.- take a'v man and his
team ten times as long to haul a' single
ton one mile.: • , .. . , , ¦ / .
WHEELER BLANKS OLD PALS.
I/DS ANGELES. Sept. 6.— George
Wheeler celebrated ; his change from
the Lop Angeles to the San Francisco
tfe«m by pitching a shut-out game
against his old team mates. While the
locals made eight hits off Wheeler they
could not connect when men. were on
bases. The visitors played a good field
in p paif. Baurn was hit hard In the
majority of the Innings. " Scqre:
lx» Angeles— | . e«n Francisco—
AB. R H. PA.i AB. n. H. PA.
Bfrnd.cf .4. 0 2 2 0 VanBr.lb 3 1 3 13 1
nood.Sb 3 0 1 .3 3 Hildfcb.lf 4 ' 1 2 1 0
Brash. lb 4 0 16 ,0 V.eldr.cf 4 '2 2 2 0
n-Avth rf 4 0 0 11 Ir»in.3b 4 0 1 0 0
Oiaw.Cb 4 0 2 1 a Andfr«.rf 6: 0 13 0
Tornan.s 3 0 0 2 1 MHI*r,2b 3 1 0 1 4
Ross. If . 3 0 0 2 l.Gt>chnr.a 8 0 1 I 3
Hptes, c. 4 0 1 10 0, Gcrlon.c ' 4 0 1 3 0
Uaum. p 3 0 1 0 o.Wheclr.p 4 0 13 2
•£>E»r.. 1 0 0 0 0 •: ll___r
. Totals. 38 6 12 27 10
Total*. 83 O; S 27 9j
*-Kag«r t>atrt^ for Baum In ninth.
JIVKS AND HITS ET INNINGS.
Lcs Ans«»l*s'.... 000000.00 0 0
Bat* hits .\,. 1 O 2 0 0 2 " 1 2 0 8
Can KrancJtco ..1 1 00 30 0 0 0 ft
Bate hits 2 3 0 1' 3 1 0 0 2 12
SUMMARY.
Error* — UrasJ-.tar,' "Baum, Flocd. Etolen '
ba.M^»— U'.lkr: Torr.an, Gorton. Two-basfi' hits
— W,a;<«rcn. Brashoar. SarrlHce hit— Flood
Fartt baj» on errors— Sao - Francisco 2. Left
en bases— Lc* Ar.selfs 8. .San Francinco 11'
1 -.s. ;- en \jhUb — (itt Bium^4. off Wheeler 1 '
Struck cut— Uy ls>ium 3. -by Wheeler 2. Doubie
I lay*— <;1ibsp to Br«tth*ar;.<Jochnaut>r to Mil-;
:cr :<J an " ur<>n - P»i»o<l • ball— Gorton. Wild !
pitch— Baum. lilt by pitclitd balls — Miller ¦
lima. Tune of gair.e — t hour 40 minutes. L"m
pirc^->I.D^nuld.
OVEI1AI.L KJiJilPS O.Y WIXXIXG.
TACOMA. Sept. 5.— Tacoma had.no
difficulty keeping Seattle from scoring
In the afternoon game. Overall* was
- STANFORD UNIVERSITY.* Sept. 5.
To-morrow ' evening a tremendous
football rally will_be held -in- Encina
Hall, at which time all; the men who
expect to try. for positions on the Car
dinal,footbalj; squad will sign their
names "to Coach Lanagan's roll. .V'At
midnight -these men ', will - go into
strict training -and for two months
they : will be .' rigorously drilled until
eleven of the fittest -line up in ' the
great-- game' with, .the , University ; of
California. :. The first ; practice -will be
on Wednesday afternoon, when Coach
Lariagan^will^begin his work 1 " on the
whole 'squad. " '
Big Rally at Stanford.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.— Word was
received by Judge' Ryan,- Acting Secre-
tary of the Interior! to-day that! a "writ
"of habeas corpus applied for • in. San
Francisco ; by/ J. '; A." " Hyde and ; William
Dlmond, who 'were indicted for ' land
frauds last • spring; had been, refused
by Judge Morrow. ' ". ,"'k, ' '
- These men, 'since : their arreBt. have
done everything- in" their -power to:re
sist trial and: delay action and John
A.' Benson, succeeded in getting a. dls
mt.ssal by. the; New rYork court. Acting
Secretary' Ryan ( said to-night," \ however,
that Secretary, Hitchcok hadi prosecuted
: them Y with unusual relentlessness. s
, % ''The . Secretary had : been determined
from the; first .these- mem. should
not escape/' V he '.said; _ "If • Secretary.
Hitchcock 1 remains, in /power he will
pursue- them; to the end. The offenses
v.-ith which they a4>, charged .are all
IiUnlshable by ; severe - penalties *;¦ and
these men will suffer to ; the full extent
if : ther.Government^has its way. -The
Secretary is; determined; to do away
with . land * frauds : and , believes that ; a
few • convictions, regardless : of persons, 5
Avill.dolgopd.j The 'attitude of; the Gov
'ernment in these cases has already had
,ari"; astonishingly; good v effect.'.' r s ; .
. A telegram - was , received sat the . de
partment to T day. from Francis -J.-Heney
ot 7 , San Francisco' congratulating^ Sec-*
re tary * Hitchcock' V'uponv; the ; splendid
: victory.; . attending , hisT aggressive ". and
determined "efforts .to protect the rights
"of ! the; people." v - •¦"/ • '¦. ¦
Prosecution of Alleged ; Land . Swind*
; , lers Will' Be Continued
Vifforonsly. ;
HITCHCOCK -RELENTLESS
TOWARD ACCUSED MEN
The osier "Forward" will be sounded
promptly at 10 a. m. and the^. parade will
move in c-olumn of ' threes on Geary street.
and 'm the column "changes • direction
to the left at Kearny street . ¦ com
manderles ¦ will - execute .first.:., column
of division ; (twelve files front) ; second, first
division: third, threes left; fourth, march,
tactics par 206. The formation" on Kearnjv
Pine Motitftotnery.- Market and the lower part
of Van Ness avenue, will be In sections, tac-.
tics par 258: divisions, par. 291;, square, par..
320;* cross, para.- 315 and -322.- and triangle,
¦Mounted commanderiN- will ¦ comply ¦•¦with
these . orders-Vof . formation, escept. they may,
form column, of .sections; in place of column
of divisions. i ' .m\",'ST ¦ . w
Sumner's Tactics are officially recognized by
this grand Jurisdiction ' and will be furnished
at headquarters on application to any com
manding, of Beer. ..
No'commandery • will .execute .any display
movement ¦ on th«' march': that will .delay, or
retard theVTemplar .column, • and no organiza
tion of Knights Templar. will leave the column
until it has .passed in review -to the'- M. . E.
grandmaster. •¦',•, ¦
At the corner of Washington street and \an
Ness - arrnue ' the column -will , countermarch to
the left ¦ forming a column of divisions., tac
tics par 296, which will • be . preserved until
th«' reviewing stand has-been passed. After
passing the reviewing stand the formation may.
be changed- at the , discretion of chiefs • of v
grand- divisions. The countermarch shall be
continued until the left 'Of the column has
been uncovered., when each grand division shall
be dismissed, by Its chief. ,
Nlull> — Reviewing and , crand • stands: , ; The
reviewing, stand for the. most emlntnt- grand
master . officers * and "members of ; the . Grand,
Encampment," Is 1 on I the •- southwest " corner ' of
Sutter street . and 1 '-.Van Ness » av«nue. , Grand"
stindu: : For the M.W." Grand Master, and offJ-,
ceri of the Grand Lodge." F. '.- aad A. • M.,' the
will report the same to the commander of th«
para^«. ¦ The. length or ' a step, during the
parade- will be 23 Inches and the cadence 110
ste™s per minute. The guide. . during the pa
rade will be. on the left.' except when passing
the reviewing stand of the M. -E. grand master.
. ORDER TO MARCH. .
at his best, allowing but four singles
and giving/ no passes., Ohly f two-of .the
visitors reached 'second baseband ,' at no :
time was there a chance for" them-toj
tally. Seattle won the morning- game
easily. Scores: ... ,. . . •
AFTERNOON OAME. : * '"¦'.'' : 4
' Tacoma— • : Seattle ' T - -: V-"«
AB. R. H. P. A. .- AB.R^H. P.X*
Doyle.rf. 4 0.1; 1..-0 Van H,cf-4 f 0 •><>; V 0
Shehn,3b 2 2 1 0, 8 Mohlr,2b 4 0-042
fCcrdy.lb 3 1 0 15 0 Delah,3b 4» 0 1 " 2 1-
Easan.ss 2 0'2 1 7lFrisk.lf..' 3 0 0 10
Lynch.cf. 4 0 0 0 OBlnknp.c 3 ' 0 2 3 1
Ca»*y.2b. 4 12 3 3iSmith,rf. 3 0 0 2 0
McLgn.lf 4 0 0 1 OfHall.ss.. 3 0 11-8
HoKan.c. 4-016 2;Mrphy,lb' 3 0 0 7.0
CKerall.p S 0 0 0 ' 3 Willms.p 3 0 0 0 4
Totals 30 4 7 27 18 Totals 30' 0' : 4 24 11
RUN'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
[Tsccma 1 1 -'I 0 1 0 0 0' x 4
I Base hit* 12 0 12 0 0 1' x— 7
Seattle..: 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O—O
Base hits 0^1 10 1 0 10 0 4
SUMMARY. . . •
Errors — Blankenshlp. Delehanty, Caeey.
Mohler. Struck out— By Ox-erall >7. . by WIN
Hams 2. Bases on balls— By Williams A. Wild
pitch — Overall. Two-base, lilts — Eaean (2)
Hogan. Sheehan. Earned run— Tacoma. First
b»e,on errors— Tacoma 2. Seattle 1. Sacrifice
hits— Sheehan. Kagan. Double play— Overall to
K.i B an to Nordyke. Loft on . bascs-Tacoma 7.
Seattle 3. Time of gam«— One hour and fifty
minutes Utnpire— Tom Brown.... ? .
MORNING GAME.
£*attle — I Tacoma — • '
An: R. H. P.A.| .' . AB; R' -H P"A-
VanH.cf .5004 O.Doyle.rf 6 0 0* l' 6
Mohler.2b 4 13 6 3 Shehn.3b 4 0 2 02
Dlhnty.Sb 5 1 3 1 0 Nordk.lb .5 - 0 3 9 0
Krlek.lf ..5 1 1 1 O.Kagan.ss 4 0 0 3 3
Hlknthp.c 4 113 0 Lynch.cf 3 Olio
Smith.rf/.2 2 1'5 0 Casey. 2b 4 0 0 g 1 Si
llal!.e«...3 0 : 2 O.fl McLgn.lf 4.0 2-0i0
Mrphy.lb 4 12 7 i;Graham, c4 0 2 6 3
Shlelds.p 3 0 0 1" 1 StVran.p 3 0 0 11
,*Hogan ..1.0 0 0 0
Totals. 35 7 13 27 6 • ¦ _ _I _
• i Totals. 37 0 10 24 12
•Hogan batted for St. Vraln In ninth/
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 1 20 0 0 4»0 x 7
Base hits .... .0 230.1 2 2:2 x— 13
Tacoma 00 0 0 0 0.0 0 0—0
Base hits 1 1 ' 0 1 1 ' 2 0 1 3— io
SUMMARY.
Errors— St. Vraln (2). Doyle, Mohler.- Earned
run-^Scattlc. Two bate hlts^ — Delehanty
Mohler, Nordyke. Home run — Murphy. ' Sacri
fice hlts^ — Shields, Sheehan. - Stolen, base — Del
ehanty. Base on balls — Off Shields 2; off St.
Vrain 4. Struck out— By Shields 3. by St. Vraln
3. Double play — St. Vraln 'to Kagan. Hit by'
pitched bill— Hall. Umpire— Brown. Time • of
came — One hour and 45 minutes.' "
nard.
- Second race— Jleadmaster, Grandpa,
Cock Robin.
Third race— Jack Lory, Pasadena,
Waterside. ¦ '
Fourth race— Cloverland, Marmee,
•Pulsus. ' " '
• Fifth race— Belligerent, Paget'en
try. Bulwark.
Sixth race — Keynote, !. Eagle, . The
Lady Rohesia. . . •¦
By ' New York » Morning .Telegraph.
First race— Letola, .Sals, Dick Ber-
SHEEPSHEAD BAY SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
• First - race— Envoy, • Seasick. * Janeta.
Second 'race— Phii; Red Raven,
Oleonn,
. Third race— Fossil, Wm. Wright,
The Lady. ' .
Fourth race-^-Sflent Water, The
For, Sad Sam.
Fifth 7 race- — John Smulski. Lord
Dixon, Devout.- • ..
Sixth race — Proofreader, Soldier of
Fortune, Armorer. .
Seventh ; race-— Major Mansir, Alma
Dtifour, Ben Chance. <\
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
; ST. LOUIS. . Sept. 5.— Richard Rip
ley of Oakland, Cal., owner of Cotati,
a race horse now at one' of the St.
Louis tracks,, is in the city Jail,
charged with, having stolen and
pawned for '$50- a gold stop watch,
which belonged to: his roommate,
John E. Case, also 1 of Oakland.
} '¦' Case and ¦ Ripley roomed .at 3921
Lee avenue. Ripley to-day admitted
having taken the watch' when Intox
icated, expecting to. restore it to Case
with part of. the profit he .would make
playing the : races. Unfortunately for
him, his expectation was not: realized.
Instead of wealthy he quit
about $50 poorer.
OAKLAND HORSE OWNER .< -
IN JAIL FOR ROBBERY
Richard Ripley Arrested in -St. Louis
for Purloining: a Companion's ; .
"Watch.
First race— Qllle Burnett, ' Leila
Hunter, Jack Moran. :. . .
Second race— St. Simonlan, Mur
mur, Golden Light. . / -
Third race— Hersaln, The' CooU,
Miss Powell. ' .; .
¦ . Fourth race^ — Ed Ball, Hilee, . Ice
Water.
. Fifth race— Glennevis, Lady Strath
more, Pinochle. . .
Sixth race— rBuccleuth, Avoid, Blen
nenworth. .
DELMAR SEI/ECTTONS.
.Seventh race, .one and an eighth miles, sell-
Ing — Alma Dufour 94. Jusque La fle.'Voila 98,
Ben Chance 99, Major Mahsir 108, Exclama
tion 104.
Second race, oix furlongs, selling— Miss
Deuce • S3, The Gadfly 86, ! Tyrolian' 88.. Claona
88, Handy Bill 91, Phil: 107, Potrero Grande
110, Red Raven 113.-- - •
Third race, one mile and seventy yards,' han
dicap — Foncasta 94. William Wright 94, Cap
tain Arnold 104, Fossil' 105, The Lady 109,
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Captain
Neroth ,86. Sllpnt Water . 102, Fly Lady 102.
Singing . Master ' 107, Piekaway .108, Sad • Sam
108. Crestfallen 113, The Fog 116.
Fifth' race, six and a ,., half . furlongs— Mc-
Clellan 96, Big Beach 96, . Klingman 95. De
vout 103, One Way 103, Before 103, Monta
107, Lord. Dixon 107. John Smulski ng..
• Sixth race, one . mile— Fortuny 109, La Chap
crone 109. Arab 100. ¦ Tellfare 109, Soldier of
Fortune 112, Armorer 112, Proof Reader 112.
CHICAGO, Sept. 5.— Following are
the entries for to-morrow at .Harlem:
First ra». five furlongs— -Raviana 105, Sea
sick 105. Envoy 108, San Jose 108, • Happy
Jack 113, Eckereall 113, • Ralph Reese . 113,
Mary's Gallant 118, Tarcoola Belle 103, Janeta
110. '• • • ¦• . ¦ , • • ¦ ¦
, HARLEM ENTRIES.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles on
turf, .three-year-olds and up. selling,. $1000
added— Leader 111, Keynote 100, Flexion 106,
Gold- Domo 104," Montebank 107, Lady Potentate
99, Stonewall 98, Ed Tlerney 08, Allan • 98,-
Brooklynite 1)7, Kaprle 97,, Bollna 05 Sliver
Days 93 Passbook 93, The Lady Rohesia 88.
Irascible 08.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, maiden
two-year-old* — Navajo 112, Belligerent 112,
Lord Edeem»re 112. Conell 112, Driftwood 112.
Lindsay Gordon fl2. Sir Ralph 112. Gallowses
112, Aeent 112, ' L#ftatee 112, LlghtNote 112,
Palm Tree 112, Kin* Cole. 1J2, . Ooeur de *Llon
112, Sandalwood 112. Favermeer 109, My Buela
109, Bulwark 109, Floriala 109, George Saint
109. Steel Trap 109. (My Buela and Floriala,
Pagc-t entry.) ¦ !
Third race, the Autumn stakes, six furlongs.
Futurity course, two-year-olds, $2000. added—
Pasadena 112, Bank 112, Jack Lory 112, Water
side 111', Quadrille 109. Princess Eris 104.
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles; handi
cap, three-year-olds and up, $1500 added
Major Dalnccrfleld 114. Eugenia Burch 112,
Dek&ber 105, Cloverland 100, Pulsus 07 - Mannee
95. ..
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— Following
are the entries for to-morrow at
Sheepshead Bay: * y- : *,v;-,\;.;
First race, one mile, selling, three-y«ar-olds
aiid up — Dimple, 99. Flammula 90 Dick Bernard
a). King Pepper 98, Cottage Maid 98 Lord
Melbourne 98, ! Atwood 97. Sals 97. Letola 94,
B:ooklynite 92, Palette 89, Hydrangea 89.
Second race, the Os-kdale cup. steeplechase
handicap, full • course, .gentlemen -riders-^
Grandpa 160, Headmaster 158, Cock Robin 154,
Snuff 147. . • • •
SHEEPSHEAD BAY ENTRIES.
Fourth .race, six' furlongs, handicap — Hilee
114, Ed BalM05. Tally H 102, Ice "Water 100 V
Dargln 95, Responsive 84. <
Fifth race, -one mile, purse — Glennevls 108,
Evening . Star 105,~ Pinochle 90, ' Lady Strath
more »6, Triple Sliver 90.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Prodlcal Son llO.Avola 107, Blennenworth 107,
Albany Girl 107, Buccleuth 102, Secundus 102,
Dawson 07, Getchel 97, Crusoe 02, Easter
Walters, 87. • .
First race, eleven sixteenths of a mil-;, sell
ing—Trixle White 103. OIHe Burnett 103, Mell
wood 103. Jack Moran 103, Preventatlve 68,
Passive 08, Leila Hunter 105, Wak«ful 105,
Fred Priesmeyer 105, Annabelle Lee 105, Lady
Lou 105. Joe Graham ' 105. -
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling
—George Vivian 107. Blrdwood 107, Billy
Moore 107. Golden Light 107. St. Simonlan 107,
Amorous 107, ' Compass 107. Tony Leppingr 102,
Murmur 102, Judge Cantrill 102. Hucena 102.
Third race, six t urloncs, purse — The Cook
100, Anadarco 100, Opinion 100. King's Trophy
99. Hersaln 06. Miss Powell 96.
. ST. LOUIS. Sept. 1 5.— Following. are
the entries for to-morrow, at Delmar:
DEL3IAR . ENTRIES.
DIRECTION FOR BANDS.
Tenth — Bands: The bands on th« rigfat of
the grand divisions will give the step (twenty
eight inches) and cadence (110 steps per minute),
which shall be strictly adhered to. Bands
marching in close proximity will alternate ia
playing.
Commanderies having bands will not be sepa
rated therrfrom. but may be posted by chiefs
of grand divisions, at their discretion. In order
to equally distribute the music. No bands -will
fiul out in passing the reviewing stand. Drums
In parsing the' M. B. Grand Master In review
will sound four ruffles, trumpets will sound
four flourishes.
- Eleventh — Carriages: So carriages will bi
allowed In the parade, except those occupied
by the officers and members of the Grand
Encampment, and such others as are allowed
by special permission of the commander of th«
parade fcr the transportation of grand stand
ards, etc. Carriages, excepting the first two.
will be driven two abreast.
Aft-:r the Grand Encampment has takes seats
on the reviewlnc stand. Its carriages will bi
parked on Post street, west of Van Ness ave
nue, and return to the reviewing st^nd at ta«
completion of the review.
' Twelfth — The medical deportment: The Sir
Knights, of this department will bo mounted
and attached to the staff of the commander of
the parade. Sir Knight C. G. Kenyon. M, D..
will be In command and have entire cnarg*
o! the medical department during the conclave.
During the parade be will remain on th* per*
sonal staff of ' the commander Of the parade.
,He will detail two Sir Knights of his depart
ment to each grand division, and th* other
members of his department. will remain with
him. He will organize an urabuUnc* eorp*
and p!ace an 'ambulance In rear of divisions
with a proper officer in charge. The medical
staff will wear a brlzard (a red cross) oa tb*
left arm during the conclave w**k, and all
Sir Knights may consider themselves at liberty
to consult any member, all of whom voluntarily
offer their services to visiting Sir Knights aad
their families free of charge. ¦ • -
Thirteenth — On and after Saturday. Septem
ber 3. the headquarters of the commander of
the parade will be at rooms Nos. 976-077 Pal
ace Hotel. Except on the day ot the parada.
be will be at bis headquarters from 7 to 9.1*
o'clock a. m.
Fourteenth — The commander of the panto
desires to Impress particularly on the mlBfls
of all officers In command, that promptness is
essential., and a strict compliance wita order*
i.i necessary, - to , make a success of the parate
of the twenty-ninth Triennial Conclave.
M. E Hlsrh Priest and offlcer* of the Grand
Chapter of R. A. M.. the M. 1. Grand Master
and officers of th« Grand Council, R. and S. M.
his excellency, the Governor of California and
his honor, the Mayor of San Francisco, on the
west side of Van Ness avenue, between Sutter
and Post streets: for subordinate commander
lea. visltin«r ladles. State, city and county of
ficials, are located at prominent points alone
the line of march: grandstands are not re
viewing stands, and no salute will be made in
passing. When within fifty pac«s of the rs
viewlng stand all commands will be brought
,to a carry, and the proper salute made within
ten caces from the reviewing officer. Staffs
will salute with their chiefs; officers in car
riages -wilt salute by uncovering: all officers,
color* standards and drum majors will salute
as prescribed hi Tactics, pars.- 113. 123, 880.
The location . of the reviewing stand will be
marked by two mounted orderlies with beau
s«ant guidons. Chiefs of grand divisions, after
saluting, will take position on the right of the
reviewing stand and remain until their com
mands have pas3«d. then take their position in
column and dismiss their commands as here
tofore provided.
BIG CROWD PRESENT ••
AT STOCKTOX ¦ RACES
Talent Deals Bookies a Hard Blow
on Opening Day of the" ";'"•
Circuit. ;. » • '
STOCKTON, Sept. 6. — A big crowd
attended the opening of the "run
ning meeting here to-day and ¦'. wit
nessed three nose and • nose finishes
between three horses. The track was
in good shape. The books quit. loser
to the day, as the talent picked four
out of the five races. Summary: .
First race, five furlones-^Maggle Mitchell.'
112 (Sullivan), won; J T S, 111 (Henderson),
second; Bill Young. 115 (Hazlett). third. Time,
l:02H- ' Wandering Boy and Torzo also ran.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Sugr
den, 117 (Henderson), won; Tuck Back 110
(Hobart). second; Skip Me. 104 (Sullivan),
third, jime. 1:15. Pilot aUo ran. ' '
Third race, 6lx furlong's — Uppercut, 115 (Hen
derson), wan; Dr. Blrdsall, 104 (Sullivan), sec
ond; Botany. 107 (Burllngame), third. Time,
1:16. Paddy B and Chereden also ran; •
Fourth race, five furlongs — Nullah,- 109 (Hen
derson), won; Headwater. 107 (Bozeman), sec
ond: Victoria S, 108 (Moran), third. Time,
l:10Vi.' Idalium also ran. "'
Fifth race, five furlonjrs — Box Elder, 105
(Moran), won; Traveler. 08 (Roes), second? En
joyment, llrt (Hazanl). third. Time, l:02>4.
Minnie A. also ran.
GRAND CIRCUIT MEET
OPENS AT HARTFORD
HARTFORD, Conn., Sept. 6.—Be
fore a - crowd : of • 8000 * persons the
Grand Circuit meet at Charter Oak
Park opened to-day under. the most
auspicious conditions, the track be
ing very fast and ihe weather per
fect.,. Summary: " . •¦ V
2:14 clase, purse (1200, pacing-, best three' in
five heats — Bad News won the first, sefcond and
fourth heats in 2:10. 2;12 2:10U.' Rosewood
won the third heat' in 2:10. Xancy; H., John
McEwtm. Margaret W and Furzy also" started.
2:10 trot, purse $1200, best three In flve^-
Robert Me won the third, fourth and fifth
heats in 2:10%, 2:13U. 2:15. Stanley Dillon
won the first and second heats In 2:11 Vi. 2:00^3.
and *u disqualified in the fourth. N'brrie,-iii
rect View and Metallas alto started.
2:14 trot, ourse $1200, best three in five—
Euxenite won the second, third and fourth
heats in 2:11>4; 2:12, 2:13$i. Hopper won the
first heat In 2:14>4. The -Genera!.. Mlllard
Sanders, Alcy and Henry Mac also started.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— John J. Me-
Graw, manager, of the New York Na
tional League team, sustained a dislo
cation of the left ankle and a possible
fracture of some of the bones of the
foot at the conclusion of the double
header between the New York and Bos
ton clubs this afternoon.
When Mertes made a hit to center
field which brought in the winning run
In the second game a large number of
persons charged out on the field, and
some of the more enthusiastic raised
the members of the New York team to
their shoulders. McGraw tripped and
fell In front of the onrushlnsr mob and
was trampled on by many feet befofe
being extricated.
A surgeon who examined the Injured
manager at the clubhouse gave him
temporary relief and ordered his re
moval' to a hospital.
Upon, examination the surgeons found
that McGraw's Injuries were not as se
vere as at first was believed, and ha
will leave the hospital In a few days.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 5.— Otto
Young, formerly of the Oakland
Coast* League team, pitched a sensa
tional no hit game for Santa Barbara
to-day against the Owls of the LOJ
Angeles city league. Toang held his
opponents safe at all times and only
issued one pass and but twenty-nine
batters faced him. ¦
Young in Great Form.
Play was resumed in the coast cham
pionship tournaments at San Rafael
yesterday. Matches In both singles and
doubles were played, and many of them
were close and Interesting. The match
in which most Interest centered was a
doubles, in which Miss May Sutton,
the national champion, played -with
Miss Mynta Seymour and against Miss
Florence Sutton and Miss Dobbins.
The champion* and her partner .-were
beaten* two sets out of three. Miss Sut
ton and Miss Seymour won the first
set, but in the next'two their opponents
by playing a majority of the balls to
Miss Seymour won out. The little
champion tried hard to ward off defeat,
but the support accorded her. by her
partner was . hardly good enough to
beat two such clever players as Miss
Florence Sutton and Miss Dobbins. Miss
Seymour played a good game, but had
too much to 'dol
. In the women's singles there was a
surprise in store for both spectators
and players. This- was the defeat of
Miss Dobbins, the strongest- player from
the south aside from, the Suttons, who
was beaten by Miss Ethel Ratcliffe of
Berkeley. After winning the first set by
an 11-9 score. Miss Dobbins became
tired and went down to defeat before
the steady game of Miss Ratcliffe. Miss
Dobbins outstroked Miss -Ratcliffe, but
the latter got everything back and
made no errors. Steadiness undoubt
edly won for Miss Ratcliffe.
In the men's doubles there was also
a surprise. Trowbrldge . Hendrick and
Simpson Sinsabaugh, the Southern Cal
ifornia champions, were beaten In a
five-set .match by Robert Variel and
Claude Wayne, also of the south. At
the end of the first set, which Hen
drick and Sinsabaugh won rather eas
ily, Sinsabaugh fell heavily and injured
his ankle and wrist. He was hardly
able to hold his racket after this, but
finished out the match. But for this
accident the losers. would probably
have won, although Wayne and Variel
certainly played great tennis.
Sinsabaugh -had his arm in a plaster
of paris cast In the afternoon and had
to default toBozart In v the singles. He
looked to have a good chance In both
singles and doubles, but seems to be
out of luck when he visits. San Rafael.
Two years ago he was sick throughout
the tournament.
Two " matches were commenced in
doubles late in the afternoon and both
stood two sets all when darkness set in.
In one Whitney and Grlffln were op
posed to Foley and 1 Dunlap, and In the
other Varlet and Wayne were opposed
to Bakerand Allen. The scores follow:.
Men's s'.qjdes,- second round — J. D. Mac-
Gavin beat C GrifOn, 6-3. 6-2, 6-1; R. Varlel
beat G. Janes.. 7:5, *-*> 6 "- , „ », •
Men's doubles, ' preliminary round — P. Mur
dock and J. D MacGavin beat Gott and Swain
by default: Heath and Hunter beat Finnlgran
and Adams by default: C. Wayne and R. Variel
beat T. Hendrick and S. Slnsabaujrh. 5-.. 6-3.
6-1 4-6 6-3: W. Allen and G. Baker beat
Smith and Smith. 6-3. 6-3, 4-6. 6-3. . .
First round— Miller and Sherwood beat Fatjo
and McSwayne by default: Overton and Elliott
beat Bratant and Nourse by default ;.DonneU
brothers beat Mann and Gayness, 8-6. 6-3. 6-1:
Rolfe and Gardner beat Baker and Noble by
Second round — Rolfe and Gardner beat Don
nell brothers. 9-7. 6-4. 6-4; Whitney and Grlf
fln vs. Foley and Dunlap. tie. 7-8. 1-6. 6-4. 8-10;
Wayne and Variel vs. Baker and Allen, tie,
E. Ratcllffa beat Ml«
Dobbins. 0-11, 6-0, 6-3.
Ladles' doubles— Miss F. Button and Miss
Dobbins beat Miss May iSutton and Miss Sey
mour. 4-6. '6-0. 6-4.
Lower Class Players Indulge in Excit
ing Matches.'-
PLAY ON THE PARK COURTS.
A mixed doubles tournament was
played by the lower class players at
the park yesterday. They: took advan
tage of the absence of the cracks and
spent an enjoyable day. Miss Vera
Bey fuss and G. Lemon' carried off the
honors, beating Miss Mearns and C.
Pauson in the finals. The scores follow:
First round — Miss Duncan and B. Bonlfleld
beat Miss HlnUlff and'P. Oracia by default;
Miss Vodden and-- M. McLaughlin. beat Mm
Crocker and O. Sobey. 6-4. 4-6. • 9-7 : Miss
Bevfu.ss and G. Lemon beat Mlsa Worcester
a^d B Meriulre; 6-4. 6-4: Mis. Cully and G.
Perkins beat Miss Gardner and BYGrlffln; Miss
Meyer and R. McLauehlin beat Miss Levlson
and 1 H Allan. 0-2. 6-2: Miss Hess WJE.
.Guthrle beat Miss Greenberr and^A. Guthrie
«-3 6-4- Miss M. Travenar and G. Hall beat
M?ss O HlnUi^and M. Drahl. 6-3. 6-4; Miss
Mearns and C. Pauson a bye.
Second • round— Vodden and McLwirhUn beat
Duncan and Bonifleld, 6-4. 6-2: and
Lemon- beat Cully and Perkins 6-3 6-0; Meyer
and McLausblln beat Hess and Guertn. 6-2, , l*-0;
Mearns-and Pauson beat Travenar and. Hall.
and Lemon beat Vodden
and McLaufhlln. 6^. 6-4: Mearns and Pauson
beat Meyer and McLaughlln. 6-3. ML 6-4.
Flnals—Beyfus and Lemon beat Mearns and
Pauson. 6-2. 6-2.
The Chicago lad was fighting at Buch
close Quarters as to place the Mexican
at a disadvantage. Though Herrera re
peatedly crossed his right on Nelson,
his blows lacked their former force and
seemed to only sting the clever Chicago
man into greater activity and fierce
ness. The capacity of Nelson to take
punishment was marvelous, and ! his
tenacity in pushing the issue with his
swarthy opponent following- a rain of
blows from the Bakersfleld lad called
forth prolonged applause.
-. In the twentieth round Herrera went
after Nelson In. 'a wild {; manner, ' his
blows being cleverly blocked by the
Chicago lad, who sent. in his left and
right to the Mexican's body with'tell
ing effect. The men fought for a purse
of $3500. 60 per cent for the winner and
40 for the loser. ••
Nelson carried the flght to Herrera
almost without cessation throughout
the twenty rounds. Herrera scored the
only knockdown of the fight, sending
the Chicago lad to. the floor witha hard
right on the jaw,.. and Nelson r took the
count to nine. Under the. rules Herrera
was obliged to return to his corner, and
before he could get at Nelson again the
latter had recovered partially from his
dazed, condition and' was able to block
the rain of blows the Mexican' waJs"
swinging wildly at'hlnv *
, Herrera in his frantic efforts to .land
a knockout, dropped his guard and Nel
son, with a right "swing, caught I the
Mexican on the side of the jaw, stag
gering him. A rush by 'Nelson then
sent the Mexican up against' the. ropes,
and Nelson, although groggy himself,
appeared to have the dark-skinned
fighter dizzy. The gong saved a knock
out, though honors were" even, both
men retiring to their corners with an
unsteady gait. • \- i. -."'"'
BUTTE, Sent. 5.— -After twenty
rounds of the fiercest milling ever wit
nessed in this city, Battling Nelson of
Chicago before 10,000 persons was this
afternoon given the decision over Au
relio Herrera, the Mexican.. From the
tap of the bell for the opening round
the two feather-weights waded into
each other hammer and tongs.
HJss Dobbins Tires and the
Berkeley Girl Triumphs
.. Over Expert From South
When Game Is Won Crowd
Tries to Bear "Mugsy" Off
Field, but He Falls Down
of Blows in a Twinkling
>
Cliicagp Lad, However, Comes
Back and Lands a Series
MEXICAN FLOORS EIVAL
SEVENTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year
olds and upward:
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
3 to 1 — Whiskers, 107 (Foley 8 2'j- 1 ns
8 to 1 — One More, 102 (Rice) ..... 1 In 23
3 to l-'Sld Silver, 107 (Young)... 6 3 3 3%
; . Time. 1:15. . Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, R. Wilson's b. g. (5) by Tobain-Belle
of Lake 'II. . Misa Manners 103, Rose Court
102, Mai Lowery ¦ 97, < Caterpillar 102, Lustig
09. Jake Ward 107. Kitty G 102, finished as
named. . . -•
SIXTH RACE— Five 'and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds:
Betting, Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. fi Fin.
6 to 6 — Fruit, 97 (Rice).... ...... 2 22 11
7 to 2— Arlena.;97 (Howell)...... 112
9 to 2— Dameron, 97 (D. Austin). 5 4 % 3 10
Time. l:0S};. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. Mrs. M. Goldblatfs b. f. by Knight
of Ellerslie-Banana. Red Leal 104, Tim Hurst
100, ' finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles;
three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin. .<
5 to 1— Mainspring. 103 (Perlne). 1 2 1%1 Vi
13 to lOr-Pathos. 103 (Rice) 3 1 2%2 2 .
¦ 6 to 1— J. McGurk, 100 (Andsn). 5 43 3 nk
Time 1:56. Start «ood. Won driving. Win
ner, J. C. Brockmlller's b. h. (4) by Handspring,
The Lioness. Iras, 107, Burke Cochran 100.
finished aa named. ¦.,•-':. -
FOURTH RACE— One mile "and seventy
yards; three-year-olds and upward; Labor day.
handicap:
Betting.- Horse, Weight,' Jockey; St. % Fin. .
7 to 2 — Boaster, 94 (H. And'sn)... 6 12.23
3 to 1 — Mafalda, 85 (Perkins) .... 6 12 23
5 to 2— Taby Tosa. 103 ( Wats' n).. 2 -4% 3 3
, Time," 1:46%. Start good. : v on easily. Win
ner Mrs. M. Goldblatt'fl ch. (6) by Florist-
La Gascogne. Pourquol Pas fi ie Regent 106.
Anne Davis 87, Neversuch Bt Ight Opera 94,
Jack Young 106. finished as ..dmed.
THIRD RACE . — Mile and twenty yards,
three-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin..
6 to 1— Mies Betty, 100 (Andson) 2 14:1%
Even — John Doyle, 108 (Foley). 4 2 3-23
10 to 1— The Hebrew; 100 (Rice). / 7 '3 nk 3 %
¦Time, 1:45%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. B. - Schreiber's ch. f.- (3) by St. George-
Free Will. Dollnda 105. Athena 100. Tryc-n 06,-
JacH Little 106, finished as named.
Time, 1:15%.' Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, H. T. Batcheler'B b: I. /3) by Bobby Beach-
May Hardy. Lady Idris 103, Behoove 102. Al
gonquin 102, Ben Lear 102, Criss Cross 107,
Skyflyer 102. First Chip 105. Onanetta 103, fin
ished as named.' :
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs, three-year
olds and up: •
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
. ti to 1— Debbie May. 92 (Rice). . . 2 2 1-1%
0 to 1 — lngoltbrift, 104 (Howell). 4 5 4 2 5
10 to 1— Flyer. 102 (Perrins) 11 62 3 1
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 5.— Boaster won the
Labor Day handicap, the feature of the
Delmar track's reopening here to-day.
The Regent, the other Goldblatt entry,
was used to run Mafalda and the
others into the* ground while Blaster
came on from last place. ' \\
The favorites had a bad day, Fruit
being the only choice to finish first.
The weather web -clear and the track
fast. Attendance, 12,000. Summary^
FIRST RACE — Four 1 and a half furlongs ;
two-year-old maidens: '• . ..¦
Betting. Horse,. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Col. Simpson. 114 (Austin) 1 13 1 10
" 7 to -"— McJetta. Ill (J. Conway) 0 2 5 2 6
20tol— Ethel's Pride.lll (Davis) 6 4 y, 3 h •'
Time, :56H. ' Htart poor. Won easily. Win
ner, E. A. Chlnn & Co.'s ch. c. ' by Ben
Strome-Ermina. John Randolph 111. Sony* 111.
Verandah 111, Hello Girl HI, Pharmacy 111,
Zelelka d'Or, 111, Borax 111. J. G. Drought 114,
finished as named. '
SEVENTH" RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
selllnT: three-year-olds and up: . .
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey, i St. . % Fin.
(i to 1— Gloriosa. 112 (Prior).... 3 3H13
12 to 5— Ethel Wheat.104 (Oregar) 2 2 2^2 3
15 to 1 — Flauron, 110 (Mountain) .6 1 h 3 2
Time, 1:45. > Start'good. .Won easily. W^in
n«r. C..E. Durnell's ch. f.(4)by Hastings-
Glory. Great Eastern 96. Dungannon 96, Docile
96, San Remo 100, finished as named.
SIXTH RACE — Mljp and seventy, yards; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and. up: *•_-_.. .;.".
Bcttiup-. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1—R.F. Williams. 97 (Seam) 3 6 1 1 h
11 to 10— Dutiful, '98', (Nlcol). ... .-5 11 2 1
20 to , 1— Begone. 103 (Lawrence). 6 7 1 3 3
Time, 1:45 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Fuller's ch. c. (3) by. Deceiver-
Ponzonlna. Watermelon' 94, Frank Me 105,
Louisville 102, My Jaoe 94. Longford. James 89,
Longmore.103, finished as named. . .
FIFTH, RACE— Five furlongs; purse; two
yenr-oMs: • '- "" •-. ¦
Bettlig. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
7 to 2— Miss Inez. 112 (Helgesen) 1 1 1^1 3\t,
3 to 1— Portsmouth. 105 (Aubuch) 5 2 1 2 5
3 to 4— The- Mist, 112 (Henry)..... 2 3 h 3 3
Time," 1:01. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
C. R. Ellison's blk. I. by Pirate of Penzance-
Lady Inez. Lawler 105. J.'B. Smith 105, Lady
Lasca 107, Centigram 102, finished as named.
THIRD < RACE— One and three-sixteenth
miles; Twentieth Century Handicap; three
year-olds and upward^,- . .
Betting. Horse,. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
5 to 2— Tokalon, 108 (Aubuchon). 5 It 16
fi to 1— Huzzah. 104 (Mclntyre). . 3 9 2 n
8 to 1— Miss Crawford, 106 (Lars) 9 8 8 3 1
Time, 1:58 2-5. Start good.* Won cantering.
Winner, J. W. Fuller's b. t. (3) by Tammany-
Enid. Prince Silverwinga 102. Copper 90. Six
Shooter 116, McGee 116. Havlland 97. Peter
Paul 105, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
selling; three-year-olds and up: t
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
40 to 1— Harney. 107 (Preston).... 4 4 2 12
15 to 1— D. L. Moore. 101 (Seam) 7 6 4 2 h
If to 1— Blue Mint,. 102 (Nlcol)... 6 10 2 3 2
.. Time-. 1:45 1-5. Start fair. .Won easily. Win
ner, W. H. Mearn's ch: h. , (6) by Hanover-
Jennia Lee. Nprel 96. Barkelmore 113. Benson
Caldv/Aii 104, "Carat 106. Dr. Stephens 107, Dur
bur 107. Cbockayotte 91, Sarllla 99, Jim Hale
1CS, finished aa named. :
SECOND RACE: — Short' course steeplechase;
handicap; three-year-olds and upward:
Betting, ¦ Horse, Weight; Jockey, -^St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Schwarzwald. 125 (Gtld).'4. 2 8" 1
8 to 1— Lingo, 132 (Rice)....... 1 13 27
12 to 1— Allegiance. 133 (Pmbrtn) 3 3 3%3 3
Time 8 :30 1-5. Start good." Won driving.
Winner E. Corrlgan's blk. g. (5) by Saln-El
len. .John E. Owens 135. Dominique You 136,
Handvice 150, Eronatus 132, Cardigan 143
(fell), finished as. named. . . .
CHICAGO, Sept. 6.— J. -W. Fuller's
speedy filly, Tokalpn, won the Twen
tieth Century handicap at Harlem to
day in 'a gallopj, beating Huzzahisix
lengths. Miss Crawford was third. ..
The stake was worth $6820 to the
winner, having a given value of $7820.
The time of 1:58 2-5 is within- a second
of the world's ¦ record. Tokalon's race
was a brilliant performance. She took
command at the first quarter and led
by^ three and a half-lengths down -the
back .stretch. At the first six furlongs,
which Tokalon , covered in 1 :12 3-5, the
filly had a lead of six lengths. As she
swung into the stretch from where the
field had started, she led by four
lengths," having run the mile in 1:38 2-5,
Huzzah, apparently hopelessly beaten
off the first mile, 'closed with . a mar
velous burst of speed and got up in
the final stride in time to get the place
by a nose from the tired Miss Craw
ford. : ¦/ ;¦ . ,,.,/¦' ••- • ..¦ . . ' , ¦
Tokalon was always 'a favorite and
was backed from 7. to 2 to 5 to 2 at
post time, j The ¦ weather_ was pleasant,
the track fast and \ an immense crowd
in attendance. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Six • furlongs; purse; three
year-olds and. upward:-
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
3 to 6— Bearcatchtr. Ill (Helge) 2 l\ 11
11' to 6— Delagoa, 109 (Aubuchn) 1 S3 2 n •
11 to 1— Frontenac, 09 (Nlcol)... B 6 3 6"
• Time. • 1:12 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner,, T. . G. Ferguson's br. c (8) . by St.
George-Faille McAllister.' AJllsta' 98, Nannie
Hodge -96, finished "as named. • *;". ¦ ; -
SIXTH RACE— One and a half mllei on
turf: handicap; three-year-olds and up:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin;
3 to 1— Outcome. 108 (Lyne).... 1 2 1U1 1H
7 to 2— Shorthose. 116 (Odom).. 4 3 2 2 *i
3 to 1— GarniEh, 100 (Henssey)... 2. ,\ 2.32
Time, 2:15 1-5. Start poor. Won handily.
Winner. M. L. Hayman's b. f. by Sir Dixon-
Olll» Glenn. -Keynote, Africander, Brigand,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE— Six and a half furrShgs; sell-
Ing; all ages: . .
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Auditor. 109 (W.Fischer) 7 5 b lh
3 to 1— Dap. Gold. 103 (Cllahan) 0 4^2^
7 to 1— Mai. Pelham, 114 (Filer)' 2 1 h 3 6
Time.. 1 :20 3-5. - Start good. ('Won rdrivinfc:
Winner. W.H. May's b. o. by Esher-Aleestl*.
Toi San. Arsenal. Roehampton, Merry Pioneer.
Gravlna, Stevedore Naughty Lady, Memphis,
Funnyside, - finished as named.- - ' ; " r
THIRD RACE-^The Sapphire, two -year-olds,
five and a half furlongs: ¦ » ¦
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Agile. 118 (Burns) 3 6 16
lotol— Handzarra, 115 (Hopper). 1 ll%2h
4'/4 tol— Bedou'n, 115 ((Shaw)... 2 .3~>6 3%
*- Time, 1:06 1-5. Start uood. 'Won, ridden out.
Winner. J. E. Madden's b. c. by Sir Dixon-
Alpena. Heart's Desire. Woodsaw, Blucher
and Slglfght finished as named. ¦ ¦"-'¦•
. FOURTH RACE— One mile; The Ocean han
dicap; . three- year-olds and up: ¦
Betting. Horse, .Weight. Jockey St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Dainty. 110 (Hildebrnd) 6 4 Z In.
2 to 1 — Alan-a-Dale, 120 (L,yne).. 2 lh-21S
4 to 1— Dol. Spanker. 107 (Rdfn) 4 3 h B 1
Time. 1:39. Start bad. Won driving. Win.
rner. Boston Stable's ch. f. by Golden Garter-
Rosebud. Collector Jessup, High Chancellor.
ColonlaV Girl. New York, Adios, McChesney,
finished as named. • ¦: :.'.- -\
SECOND RACE— Selling, two-year-olds, five
and a half furlong*, on Futurity course:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey."- St. % Fin.
3U to 1— Merry Lrk. 107 (J. Mrtn) 5 6 h 1 1%
. 8 to 5 — Tramotr, 104 (Crlmmins) 2 1 1H2 1
15 to 1— Qilpin. 102 (Nutter)'. 3 • 8 h 3 3%
Time, 1:07 4-5. Start fair. .Won driving.
Winner, J. W. Schorr's b. c. by Jim Oore-
Twitter. Workman. Hlghbox-n, . Brush-Up.
Bisque, Jerry C. Fireball, Luretta, Pel Canta,
Eccentra}. Star Lily. Blue Bird. Rosemary.
Kane, -TTiwsbourne and Supreme Court finished
am named. . , . -
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, N. Y., Sept. 5.—
'Not less than^ thirty thousand* people
took advantage of the holiday and
spent the afternoon of Labor day at
the beautiful grounds of. the Coney Is
land Jockey Club. Two good stakes
were on the card, besides four other
events of considerable interest", and' the
fday passed off to the satisfaction of
i all, even though the favorites were
beaten in three of the slx\ races. The
betting ring swarmed ..with eager spec-,
ula tors ..with commissions, .from the
clubhouses and grandstand.
¦ By far the most important race of
the day was the Ocean handicap, ,' at
one mile, . in which nine well known
racers started, including the once great
McChesney, still required to carry as
much weight as If he were really, the
McChesney of last year;" thie patched
up Kentucky Derby, winner of . two
years ago, Alan- a- Dale; Colonial Girl,
conqueror of Hermls In the" $50,000
World's Fair handicap at St. Louis;
High .Chancellor, that eccentric* Tacer;
New York II, Adios, , Collector Jessup,
Dolly Spanker and that sterling mare,
Dainty.- There was an exciting finish
between Dainty and Alan-a- Dale. 'the
former winning -by a head,\Tvith Dolly
Spanker a good third. Summary:. ..
FIRST • RAGE: — Steeplechase for four-year
olds and. upward, about two miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 5— Oood &. Plenty, 157 (Roy) B' 13' 13.'
.15 fol— Georgia Pine. 143(Heider) 1 3 2-2 4 '
3 to 1— Captivator, 140 (J.O'Br'n) 4 2 3 82 .
•Time. 4:14. Start, fair. Won easily. Win
der, M. Kraus' . b. s-. by ROESinKton-Fanilne.
East Kelston,' Snuff and Swampland finished as
named. V - • . ¦ .-¦.,.',.
TAKEN TO A HOSPITAL
MISS KATCLIFFE LANDS
Graham and Schmidt were the men
behind the curves. Each had every
thing that a pitcher needs to buffalo
batsmen. Then faultless support helped
some and good- batting at the right
time did much to bring in runs nearly
every time the Commuters placed men
on the packs.
A fairly good crowd gathered within
the gates of the Eighth-street lot when
the teams faced each other in the sec
ond contest. Oakland got two runs
right off the reel and then lingered for
efven innings ore they started the do
ings once more. Aside from these dis
astrous periods Iberg handed out • the
g-oods in a mystifying manner.
Frar.cks ushered the game in for the
Commuters with a bingle to right field.
Ganley was passed and Dunleavy sac
rificed and they both advanced. When
Sehlafley clouted a torrid bingler
that nearly took Raymond's pins on
the run both Francks and Ganley hot
footed to the pan. The umpire called
Ganley safe, but it was awful close and
uould have worked either way.
The Brownies played good bush
league baseball, but a rotten big league
article. Twice the first man up led
off with a hit and each time he was
fielded out on a double play, Schlafley
to Francks to Streib. Again in the
seventh Nadeau was anchored on first,
but insisted on posing bo long that
Schmidt copped him off the bag a foot.
Ste-elroan immediately followed with a
double and therefore another run was
tossed off and possibly the game itself.
After Schlafley had singled in the
eighth and advanced to second on JCru
ger's out. Doc Moskiman took Streib's
place and brought in the last run with
a swell two-cushion wallop away. out
to the flagpole. San Francisco will en
page the Commuters In battle this
afternoon at 2 o'clock at Recreation
Park Instead of at Oakland. The score:
Oakland — f Portland— ,
AS. R. H. P. A. I AB. R. H. P. A.
Frncks.ss 4 12 8 3 Epencr,2b 4 0 2 3 3
Oanler.r? 3 1 1 .2 OHurley.il> «, O 9 8 0
r>un!vy.K 2 0 0 1 O;Nadau.cf 4 O 2 0 0
Sch!flv.2b 4 1 2 ft 4 Beck.Sb. 4 O - 0 I 3
Kruser.cf 4 0 1 I X) Steelmn.c* 0 14 1
Ftreib.3b. 3 0 I 10 1 dynes. rf 3 0 12 0
l>vrx.3b. 2 0 0 0 0:Thllmn.lf 3 0 I . 4 .0
Byrnes.c. 3 0 0 6 2 Raymd.ss 3 0 0 2 '2
Pchmdt.p 3 0 0 1 3 Ibery.P. • 3 0 0 0 4
Mskm.lb 10110 .
1. Totals 31 0 7 24 13
Total* 23 3 S 27 13 1
IU.WS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0* 0 0— 0
Base tiiu. .-...., 1 20 1 00.2 0 1 — 7
Oakland 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 x— 3
B**e hits 3.0.0 0 1112 x-^S
SUMMARY.
Error* — Dev«-e&ux, Spencer. Two-base hits—
Pteelmajn. Moskiman. - Sacrifice hit — Dunleavr.
First base on *rror — Oakland.' j First bas« 6a
called balls— Off Ibersr 3. Left on bases — Oak
land 8. Portland 4. Struck out— By Schmidt 6.
by IVix 2. HJt by pitcher — Devereaux Dou
ble play*— Fchlaflcy to Francks to Strelb 2.
Umpire — McCarthy, • ...
Graham Is Invincible.
The Brownies never had a chance in
the morning game at Oakland. Gra
ham pitched one of his real ' good
games and he had an assortment- that
could not be touched. His team gave
him good support, pulling off several
nice double plays. Thielman.iras hit
just hard enough to allow the,Com
muters to pile up apair of runs. The
score : j
Portland— , Oakland—
AB. R. H. PA. AB. R. H. PA.
Ppnc,2b. 4 0 O 2< 5 Frnks,s. 4 0 143
Hrly.ib. 4 O 0 14 0 Ganly.rf. 2 1110
JCadeu.cf 3 0 0 10 Dunlv.If. 4 10 2 0
B*c)c.3b. 3 0 10 8 Pchlf.2b. 3 0 112
Lally.tf. 3 0 0 1 O.Krugr.cf. 8 .0 0 2 0
Fteelm.o. 3 0 12 0 Ptrh.lb.. S O 0 10 0
Clyns;rt.. 3 0 0 2 1 J>vrx.3b. 3 0 10 4
Raym,s. 3.0 1 2 <5 Ptarlcc. 30170
Tfcielni.p. 3 0 0>-.u 3 Grahm.p. 3 0 0 0 2
TctaJs.29 0 3 24is' Totals. 28 2 ~5 27 11
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 « 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Ba*e hita 0 0 1 1,0 01 0 0 3
Oakland 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 Ox 2
Base hits .^..10 0 11 o 2 0 x S
SUMMARY.
Error*— Raymond (Z), Thlelmaa, Echlafley.
Firet base on error— Oakland 1. First base on
railed balls — Off Thlelman 2. off Graham 2.
IWt on base*— Portland 5, Oakland 4.- Struck
out— by Thielman 1. by Graham 6. Hit by pitch
er — Nadeau. Double plays— Raymond to Spen
cer to Hurley (2); Devereaux to Francks to
Ftre'.b; Clynes to Steelmaa; Streib (unassisted)
Time of came — 1 hour 20 minutes. Umpire—
McCarthy.
The Brownies swung vainly for
<;.,- '..:¦.: rounds yesterday and the best
they got was round marks. They never
ha«l a peep in and when they happened
to gel a man on bases he always rested
there or cite was doubled up. Oakland
played like bis leaguers and pulled off
all kinds of amasing stunts. Scores:
Morning, Oakland 2, Portland 0; after
neon, Oakland 3. Portland 0.
W. L. I'ct.l V.'. U. Tct.
Tacutna .*.» Li .&£; Oakland ...IS 22 AM
lot Ar.B..21 1.1 .582) San Fran.. 17 21 .448
Seattle ...Vi 20 .4*7j Portland ..17 '£i .437
STANDING OF THH CIA'BS
1ac::Ic Coast Leacue.)
Pifrjiers Get Good Support,
mid Huns Are Easy When
Onklanders Get on Dags
*
(X0IM1TK1JS FIELD WELL
Graham and Schmidt Twist
All Kinds of Puzzling
Benders Over the Plate
Excited Hooters Seriously In
jure Manager of Giants
During a Demonstration
Fol 1 ows Herrera Around; tlie
Ring and Never Ceases in
At tempt to Score Knockout
May Sutton's Rivals in.Dou
. bles. Make Her Partner
Hustle and Win the Set
McChesney and Other
Former Stars
Compete.
Boaster Comes From
Last Place and
Gets Money.
Tokalon Gains Great
Victory at Har
lem Track.
BROWNS SUFFER
DOUBLE BLANK
FANS TRAMPLE
OVER McGRAW
CHAMPION HAS
NO WORK TO DO
LARGE CROWD AT SHEEPSHEAD BAY
SEES DAINTY WIN OCEAN HANDICAP
NELSON FIGHTS
LIKE A TROJAN
BATTLING NELSON OUTFIGHTS HERRERA IN A SENSATIONAL CONFLICT.
• ¦-.¦- • ¦ ¦ ¦ .." ¦
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL', TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6,. : 1904.
Continued *From Page 5, Column 4.
ORDERS FOR IK GRAND PARADE
'* Third ¦ race. : five ' furlongs,' selling— Rose .of
Hllo ;¦ won, - Doublet second,- . Lady - Rice third.
Tlmeil:02#.- ¦"•;¦¦-: s • -
' i Fourth : race, six furlongs, ' selling— Charlie
Schwelzer won, Urbano second, I*udy . Kent
third.: -Time 1:15%.' .'. •
-•- Fifth; race, seven, furlongs, handicap— Gate
way .won.- Instructor second.'' Cerro Santa ' third.'
Time; 1:27." . v ' V; >
.-. Sixth •' race, i one mile, Gelling — Anvil - won.
Dug Martin second, Badly "Used ' third. . Tima
1:43... -¦',• .-.;,-;. r ,¦ : - : - ,;,-¦: .: ,v- ..- •¦ ••
' Seventh race, ".five and .; a half . furlopgs — El
dred * won. " Estraza " second," Algaretta • third.
Time 1:09%. ' :;.
V PORTLAND,. Ore., /Sept. 5.— Results at»"Ir
vlngfton: !*&Sp t &RfQBfB&8tiK9f&f l W&
- First race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Younj? - Pepper • won. Sue- Christian scconu,
Tom Hawk third. .Time l:09»4. .
•Second', race, five furlongs,, selling— Riceful
won -" Sir- Dougal second, Vlnce . third. ' Time
Results at Portland.
WORLD'S BEST SWIMMERS
COMPETE AT: ST. ' LOUIS
Club Make Good Showing in
Leary and Galley 'Sot. the ; Olympic
I Two Events. A
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 5 (World* -Fair
grounds). — rThe.' swimming- '.events,
mark the. continuation of the
World's Olympic renewal, were held
to--day in the pool ¦ of the United
States Life Saving Corps,' which was
surrounded by Immense crowds. The
tournament, which was open i to; the
swimmers, of the wprld. .had.; 1 entries
from Hungary and JGerrriany, ; as : well
-as from various parts * of this" coun
try. - fi w*wtew^ l ivrwiiii!^T
In. the first event, the 'one. mile
championship, B.' Rausch" of -Germany
beat the world's record of 28:05 3-5,
held by Charles Ruberi ' of the » - New
York^ Athletic Club.. His time was
27:18 1-5.. He. won the race by 75
yards. Summary:.
Olympic swimming tournament, one-mile
championship — Won by E. Rausch of Germany;
second, G.' Kiss "of Budapest. 'Hungary,-, third, -
Francis Galley, Olympic Club, San . Francisco.
Time 27:18 1-R.Thta, beat* the world's record
of 28:05 3-5. -
100 yarduNchamplonshin—won by '• Zoltan
Holoway. Budapest.. Hungary; second, M. Dan
iels N: T. A.'C; third. J.' Scott Leary, Olym
pic Club, San Francisco. Time, 1:02 4-5. -This
equals the world's record. ,.•¦¦.. , ¦•... ,
HaH-mile • handicap — Won by Jamison < Har
dy. 180 seconds, Chicago' 1 Y. M. C- A.; second,
Mai Pape of Germany, 175 seconds;: third. H.
D. Handley, 170 seconds. N. :Y. A. C. New
York.. Time. 11:18. .: . , .',¦-.¦ .
13
ADVERTISEMEjrre. ' 1
ill
In July, 1883, 1 began to break out with
Eczema on my head, legs and arms, and
began treatment with local doctors, bat
did not get much relief. They said the di>
ease had become chronic I then quit them
and tried various ointments and soaps for
another two years, but as soon as cold
' weather came I was as bad off as ever, so I
finally decided to let medicine alone, and
for twelve or thirteen years did nothing
towards curing the. Eczema,' except bath-
ing. This seemed to do about as much
good as anything I had tried.
During the time I lost about one-half of
my hair.' I began S. S. S. doubtful of a
cure, because the disease had run so long,
but soon discovered your medicine was
doing me good, and continued to take it.
I used seven bottles, when I was com-
pletely cured, not having a single spot on
mj body, which 'before was almost com-
pletely covered. F. C. NoRFoyc
. 1017 Hackberry St., Ottumwa, la.
The head, feet and hands are usually
the parts affected, though the disease ap-
pears on other parts of the body. While ex-
ternal applications allay the itching and
burning temporarily, it is the adds thrown
off by the blood that cause the irritation
and* eruptions upon the skin. The acids
must be neutralized and the system cleans-
ed of all humors aAl poisons before the
jfliWThi. ¦ lWIt curc is permanent.
kT 1 fj|* wT * tee d entirely free
E|l la. ' wi of Potash, Arsenic
«8k aQ d other rniner-
Tbe Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, fit... Fall, hats. just; arrived., nobbier
than ever.; Tom Dillon & Co., opp.Palace.*,
; It has been found that a system of
"graft" prevails . among . the police of.
Cape Town ; E that- V'the morality . act
passed in 1902 has been used as a pro
lific source of income by the police of
ficers charged with the execution of its
provisions.*' '.- /'
GREAT FALLS, • Mont:, Sept. 5.—
Jack Clifford, of California ."disposed* of
'"Kid" Fredericks . of Buffalo-in the
ninth round ;bf: what vwas to hav»; been
a ' twenty-round flgh.t. to-night Clif
ford, won! by .a clean knockout; with a
swing on the jaw. In, the fourth Clif
ford 'was 'knocked down. by a wild
swing on^ th e solar plexus and was al
most counted ; out. .
Clifford Beats Fredericks.
Knights' . emblem cards: great .variety. Ed
ward Knawl«>s Company. 24 Second at. ¦ •
.NAPA. Sept. 5.— Labor day was cele
brated in Napa -\ to-day under ths
auspices of the FederaYed Trades Coun
cil of Napa County." At 7:30 o'clock
this evening there was an elaborat«
parade, headed by Napa Asylum Band.
The features included a display of. fire
works. ; After- the parade public speak
ing was held in theCourthouse square.
The address was given " by
J. C." Lambert of Santa Rosa and O. "W.
McCaslln"of Napa." •
Celebration at'Xapa.
A Leeds (England) motorist drove his
car up the twenty steps in front of the
town hall, and then drove it down
again 'without accident • -
."A boy, named George McDonald".
"aged 9 yca'rF, .who lived with' his
parents, at 1030 Guerrero street,, met
with an accident' yesterday afternoon
which resulted in his death a few
hours later. The boy and several
companions about his, own a«je were
playing' carpenters on anew building
on Guerrero street, between Twenty
third and Twenty-fourth streets, when
he fell from the second story to th*
ground floor, fracturing his skull. He
was removed to the ; City and County
Hospital, where' Dr. W. M. Lawlor
pronounced, his ]in juries beyond hope.
The Coroner 'was notified j and took
charge of the body.
Boy Killed by a Fall.
For 'the accommodation of the -public the
Southern Pacific ' will' jun a special train, con
n^ctln* n-ith the 11:25 p.: m. ferry, to-night
<Tutrday). from 'San Francisco to Martinez,
stopping at 'all way' stations. •
Special Train to Martinez.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 5. — Governor
Pardee to-day announced the reap
polntment-of James K. Wilson of San
Francisco as a member of the board
of nianager.4 of the Agnew State Hos
pital at Agnew, Santa' Clara- County.
James K. Wilson Reapnointed.
President Roosevelt some time ago
promised Colonel Cecil Lyons, chair
man of the I Texas Republican execu
tive committee, > that tie. would come
here for the purpose of spending a
week or so. hunting in this State and
Indian' Territory. At the same time
President Diaz of Mexico will visit El
Paso to attend the National Irrigation
Congress. He has arranged for a tour
of Europe this winter, and, being
much interested in irrigation, has sig
nified his Intention of attending the
convention while on his way to St.
Louis and; Europe.
The people promoting the. hunt will
invite President Diaz to accompany
them, and it is stated that he will ac
cept' ttie . invitation and . meet Presi
dent Roosevelt. ¦ ,;.-•
:GALVESTON. Sept. 5.— The Presi
dents of two republics j are scheduled
to be in Texas during the latter part
of November. "• ¦ »' '• •'
Presidents of Two. Republics Schcd
.' uled to Clasp Hands hi Lone
• Star Str.te. .
ROOSEVELT AND DIAZ
WILL MEET ON TEXAS SOIL
LONDON. Sept. 6.— The corre
spondent of. the Timc3 with .General
Kuroki, on the Taitse River, in a dis
patch dated September 3, says: ( .
"Kuroki's "flankinsr movement has
progressed by a- succession of desper
ate night: attacks." He is now within
five miles of the railway and ten miles
north .of .Liaoyang. • . ,
".'The Russians are holding their po-
Fitioi# tenaciously." . .1 ,
Russians Tenaciously Hold Their Po
... .. sit ions Against . Kuroki.
DESPERATE NIGHT ATTACKS.
In the afternoon the committees re
ported, including , the resolutions com
mittee, and officers were elected as fol
lows: President, George Buecker of
San Francisco (re-elected); f first vice
president. F. Franz, Fruitvale; second
vice-president, Simon Pelsel, San Jose;
third vice-president. Joseph Gall, Sac
ramento; recording secretary, Henry
Budde; corresponding- secretary. Carl
Schnabel; treasurer, August Vetter;.
directorp, Julius Wrede. Joseph Becker,
Charles Conrad; spiritual director.
Father Raphael Fuhr; protector of
Verband. Archbishop Riordan.
Last night at 8 o'clock a public meet
ing was held at which the principal
speakers were Rev. Joseph Kaiser of
Lcs Angeles, upon; "Pope Pius . X"
Rev, P. Marianus. O. M. C, "The
Temperance Question"; Rev. P.
Huefgos of Woodland, "The German
Catholic Press"; Rev. P. George Weh
meier, O. F. M.. of Sacramento, "Ger
man Catholic Fraternal Societies."
Yesterday's religious observances be
gun with : the celebration of requiem
mass in the morningi at which Arch
bishop Montgomery .officiated, with
Father Augustine McGlory, O. -F. M.,
an' deacon and Father Miller of San
Joee, subdeacon. There was special
music at the mass.
A busirier s meeting .which lasted until
7 o'clock last evening and an open
meeting which commenced at 8 o'clock
in St. Anthony's Church, .'Concluded the
annual convention programme -of the
German Catholic Htaats Vprband.,.To
day at noon the delegates will go to
San Rafael, where they will, be ban
queted by the local committee. Next
vear's meeting will be held at San
Rafael. . ; ' ' '
GERMAN CATHOLICS ELECT
OFFICERS AND END SESSION
W ¦ ¦ • .
Banquet at San Rafael.To-Day — Next
- Meeting Will -Be Held at '.
rYultTale.
A carload of trunks and dr«ss suit
cases just received at a saving of 50 per
cent in f relcht. If you are' in need of a.
trunk; valise, dress suit case, Crist' bag
or anything, in. the leather goods line,
come and see the largest assortment and
lowest price* in the city. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. '" . •
A Carload of Trunks.
. ; The 5 negro Edward . implicated a
number- of other negroes and to-night
there are' eight : negroes in the County
Jail at Live Oak. They were taken
there to-day on a special train.
It is reported that emblems of
Ideath have been found on the trees
in several plantations of the best citi
zens-of that section. It is supposed
they were placed there by members of
the club. ' • ;
TALLAHASSEE. Fla.. Sept. 5. —
During the taking of testimony before
the Coroner's jury to-day in the case
of N. W. Epps, a prominent and pros
perous planter, who was shot to death
Saturday night near Bradfordville,
Isum Edwards Jr., the negro who did
the shooting, acknowledged that a
"Before Day Club" had been organized
in the country and that a number of
prominent white men had been mark
ed..'or death.'.
Existence of Murderous Gang Ad
mitted by Negro Who Shot ,
"Planter to Death.
SliAYING OF WHITE MEN
'* IS OBJECT OF SOCIETY
.; Ocano, who 13 a tamale peddler, was
passing " Castelar street when he ob
served the ' Children' playing with a
carpenter's hammer. Suddenly' be
coming enraged, Ocano ' seized the
hammer and dealt the child a crush
ing blow. Little Frances* skull was
fractured, but hopes are entertnlned
for her recovery. Ocano is in jail.'
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 5.— Juan
Ocano, a half-demented man, about 55
year's . old, made a ferocious assault
upon Frances Taliberti, a 3-year-old
child, this afternoon in front, of the
little girl's home at 801 iCastelar
street.
Attack Upon Tot.
DEMENTED MAN ASSAULTS
LITTLE. GIRL WITH HAMMER
Seizes Tool With Which Children Were
Play Ins: and Makes .vYcious i
LONDON,-. Sept. 6.— The . Chefu
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says th^ Russians have mounted two
12-inch naval guns on Parapolosche
Mountain, close to the city of Port
Arthur, from which they are shelling
the Japanese positions.
"The correspondent says • that the
Eighth; Japanese division, under Lieu
tenant-General Tatema, the eminent
strategist/has arrived at Dalny to re
inforce the besie^ersi
Shcllinir Port Arthur's Besiegers From
. r. Ne*.v Position'.
RUSSIANS MOUNT NAVAL GUNS.
LONDON. Sept. 6.f— The Daily Mail
this morning prints a dispatch from
Singmintin, dated September 5, giv
ing a report that General Kuropat
kin's retreat has been cut off.
The dispatch gOes on : to say that
the Russian troops had advanced in
strbng force to the southeast of Muk
den as far as Japing Hill to oppose
any possible attack in the direction of
their advance.
A Chinese who arrived from Muk
den on. Sunday says the- Russian
troops there are leaving for the. north,
that there are 18,000 men ten miles
to the east of the 'city, that, the of
ficers and men' have been dispirited
and that : much sickness prevails.
British Correspondent Says Kuropat
kin 11ns Been Brought to Bay.
REPORTS RETREAT CUT OFF.
WILLOWS. Sept. 5.— M. VT. Smith of
Lodi has been selected by the trustees
to. fill the position of principal in the
Willowg High School for the ensuing
term. J. S. Donaghho held the position
last term and was appointed for this
year, but resigned to accept similar
work In the schools of Honolulu.
New Teacher for Willows.
"Now happily I am free and shall
use, my liberty so that I can remain
free. My next important task will be
to take legal steps to have my guar
dianship set aside. .1 am not thinking
of divorce or of remarriage and the
reports of such intentions are stories
spread for the purpose of injuring
nie." '•.'•. ' - .« .. ¦
VIENNA, Sept. 5. — A lawyer in the
confidence, of Lieutenant Count, Mat
tasIsch-Keglevitch and who has just
returned from visiting Princess Louise
of . Coburg. -..decline's to reveal the
whereabouts of J^ the Princess. Ho
gives a statement which he say she
made to him, according to which,
through her immurement, she ex
pected to be ¦¦! rescued, by the Count.
The Princess said: •
King's Daughter. However. Will Take
Steps to Have Guardianship
Set Aside.
PRINCESS LOUISE DENIES
THAT SHE WANTS DIVORCE
MEMPHIS, ,Tenn.. Sept. 5. — Early
returns _from the State election in
Arkansas indicate the re-election of
Governor Jefferson Davis, the Demo
cratic incumbent, over Harry Myers.
Republican, by tthe usual large Demo
cratic majority. The Democrats easily
elected their entire State ticket and the
•interest centered in the vote in large
towns, where the .regular Democrats
were opposed in many instances by
independents^ . -
LITTLE ROCK. Ark., Sept. 5.— Late
returns from to-day's election show
that Myers. Republican, for Governor,
probably has carried Lafayette and
Little River counties by small plural
ities. Davis, the Democratic candidate,
is running behind in. some of the towns
and cities, but is making large gains
in the country precincts.
John H. Page, secretary of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee, esti
mates that Governor Davis* plurality
will be 6n,000. Chairman Remmel of the
Republican State Central Committee
claims Republican gains in a number
of nrecincts, and if the same ratio of
increase continues he expects Myers,
for Governor, will have a small plural
ity.
After the excitement the people
reached the shore, crawling over the
broken planks a few at a time.
On the strand a woman was holding
her babe, while she stooped to pick up
a shell. A big wave caught her and
washed the child from her arms, but it
was' quickly rescued by a bather.
When the big steamer Santa Rosa
tried to land at Port Los Angeles, such
a heavy sea was running that Captain
Alexander could not make fast. The
bow of the vessel struck the wharf, and
for a time it was feared she would
again be washed against It, but the
steamer backed off and landed at Re
dondo. : ' , • - •
At Terminal the yacht Los Banos of
the South Coast Yacht Club dragged
her anchor, and finally the cable parted
and she drifted and to-night is
pounding to pieces on the beach.
At Brighton Beach, near Terminal, a
long 'section of the board walk was car
ried awav. and the hpuses which abut
the .walk came near being left .without
foundations. . In, places the under
pinning of f he hous.es was washed out,
causing the cottages to list. '
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 5.— Six hundred
persons caught on al breaking pier so
that for a time they were seaward of
the break, a child washed from its
mother's arms at Ocean Park, a big
passenger steamer unable to make a
landing at Port Los Angeles and col
liding with the famous long wharf, a
crack racing yacht washing ashore at
Terminal and left in such position that
she will prove a total loss, and a por
tion of the under-pinning of the broad
board walk carried to sea. endangering
several houses— such is. one day's record
of excitement at. the varioute beach re
sorts contiguous to Los Angeles.
An amazingly high tide and a brisk
westerly wind formed the combination
which was responsible for these inci
dents, and gave the beach residents a
scare such as they have never had
before. Only in the instance of the
broken pier at Ocean Park was there
any danger. There were hundreds of
people at the outer end of the pier when
one of the inner bents collapsed because
of the pounding of the tremendous sea
that was running. The broken bent did
not fall all the way to the water, but
stood as if about to fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Breeze Sends Yacht Ashore,
Damages Pier and Carries
Part of Board Walk to Sea
RESIDENTS- FRIGHTENED
Democratic Losses Shown in
Returns From the State
Election in Arkansas
The detention of the judge was the
outcome of an elopement. Miss Maude
Miller, aged 15. and Frank B. Martin,
acrd 21, oloped to Cheyenne from Ne
braska and were arrested there. Judge
Kelsey. who knew the young couple.
trav^l*=d with them from Holyoke, Col.
To-day a telegram was received from
the Nebraska authorities asking that
he be teld on the charge of abduction
and he was arrested. Later he was
paroled. Upon the request of the
father of Miss Miller, who came to
rbpyenne to take his daughter back
to her home, the charge against Judge
Kc-ls-ey was withdrawn.
CHEYENNE, Wyo.. Sept. 5.— District
Judge W. D. Kelsey of Chase County,
Neb., spent several hours in Jail to
day on the charge of abduction. The
•warrcnt was issued from his own
court.
Abduction on Warrant Issued
From His Own Court.
Wyoming District Judjre Arrested for
TRAVELS WITH ELOPERS
AND ENDS UP IN JAIL
Officer Greggains is a native son of
the Golden West and on a California
stock ranch 1 learned to round up and
rope cattle — his training as a life saver
with a riata.
As Warner appeared on the surface
of the water drifting out it was seen
that he was not swimming with his
former vigor.: and Captain Varney
sprang ioto the surf to his rescue. It
was then that .Officer Greggains rode
down on the beach and,, seeing the two
men struggling in the breakers, spurred
into the water/swinging his< riata over
his head. The breakers splashed around
the horse, frightening the animal, but
Greggains' throw was i true, and the
rope settled over the ¦ swimmer's
ehoulders. Taking a turn of the life
line around the horn of his saddle, he
dragged the well-nigh exhausted
Warner over the swell toward the
beach. The lifeboat's captain, who was
well out from the land, caught- hold of
thp rope • and both men were hauled
ashore.
Michael J. Greggains of the park
police squad is the officer who spurred
h\t horse into the water and threw his
riata out over the breaker as it rolled
in on the beach and over the shoul
ders of the sailor as he floundered
around in the surf.
Warner was much under the in
fluence of liquor and in a reckless
mood persisted, in plunging into the
surf to swim out to where the steam
schooner Maggie lay aground. He had
been up all Sunday night in the life
boat around the wreck and had made
many Monday morning visits to the
beach saloons. Although. Captain
Varney of the lifeboat ordered him
away from the scene of the wreck,
Warner plunged into the breakers and
was soon beyond the reach of the cap
tain's detaining hand. The boat was
high and dry upon the sand, no ves
sel except the stranded Maggie" was
near and the swimmer had that por
tion, of the Pacific Ocean all to him
self. He took the first line of surf
with a neat dive and bobbed up to the
surface outside of the swell. He did
not get under the next line of rolling
water with the same skill,, but was
thrown back toward the . shore and
ccughtby the undertow.
As the man could swim, he succeeded
in pulling up to the surface .again
and prepared to. tackle the third long
wave. He swam for it,' but fared no
better and was hurled over the comber
to disappear . in the..white smother of
foam that marked the break of the
wave.
John Warner of th*> Cliff House sta
tion life-saving crew yesterday had the
unusual distinction of being roped by
a vaquero policeman and dragged out
of the sea when he wa3 drowning.
Brisk Westerly Wind Plays
Havoc With Shipping and
Wharves Near Los Angeles
DAVIS RUNNING
BEHIND TICKET
White and Negro Slain and the Fact
Reported to County Officials
by Telephone.
EAST ST. LOUIS, 111., Sept. .5.— By
following directions, telephoned by an
i unidentified man from . an unknown
' place. Coroner McCracken to-night
found the bodies of "a white man and a
(negro lying in 'the middle of a road
•about .150 feet apart. Both men had
been shot through the heart and the
!. bullet in each instance penetrated the
bc-dy, coming out on the opposite side.
From papers found in the pocket of
¦ the white man it is presumed that he
.was Robert Reynolds of Cedar Rapids,
Iowa.. 1 he negro was named George
Green and was a striker, formerly em
j ployed by' the Nelson Morris Packing
Company.
' The bodies were/ found near what is
known as the Black Bridge, on the
outskirts of the city. When the Cor-,
oner, who was driving a wagon,
reached the bridge he was met by a
man who told him that "what he was
looking for was about 200 feet farther
on," ' -j
1 Before the Coroner could question his
informant the latter walked hastily
away and boarded a street car. A short
time later the police made one arrest
and 'the man is being held on suspi
cion:
CORONER ' FINDS TWO MEN
SHOT THROUGH THE HEART
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 5.— Mayor John
P. Overten to-day vetoed the ordinance
recently passed . by the City Council
granting the Petaluma and Santa Rosa
electric road a right of way to enter
the city by way of Main street and
Sebastopol avenue. The company al
ready has a franchise by "way of
Fourth street. Rails are now laid al
most to the city limits from Sebastopol
and wires are strung most of the way.
Mayor Overt on Forestalls the Entry
of the Electric Road From
Petalnma.
SANTA ROSA FRANCHISE
BLOCKED BY A VETO
REMARKABLE SNAPSHOT OF A RES
CUE. TAKEN BY A CALL PHOTOG
RAPH E5R AT OCEAN BEACH.
DAY OF DANGER
ON THE BEACH
The position of local manager of the
International Banking Company has
been tendered to State Bank Commis
sioner William H. High of Oakland,
and the story is current in banking and
political circles that he will resign the
State office. to accept the management
of the. bank mentioned. High was ap
pointed Bank Commissioner by Gov
ernor Pardec in June, 1903, for* a full
term of four years, hence his successor
will be entitled to serve until June, 1907.
The duty of filling 1 the vacancy will de
volve upon the Governor. There are
several applicants already 7 in the field,
and among the most active is J. Cal
Ewing of Oakland, the secretary of the
commission. It is gossip in the political
camp's that leading representatives of
the Republican party will earnestly re
quest the Governor to recognize some
other county than Alameda in making
the appointment. As the board now
stands two of the Commissioners are
from Los . Angeles, and the other two,
together with the secretary, hail from
Oakland. San Francisco is without a
representative, on the commission, .al
though four-fifths of the banking busi
ness of the State is transacted In this
city.
- The managers of the Republican cam
paign are so profoundly impressed with
Secretary Shaw's ability as an advocate
of Republican principles and policies
that they have requested him to speak
in Nevada on his way home. The Sec
retary has consented to address the
Nevadans at Reno on next Friday even
ing.
. A number of years ago; Scanlan
.owned real estate and improvements
at 813 Filbert street valued at that time
at about $17,000, but he lc-3t it about
ten years ago. Since that time he had
been leading; a Micawber existence.
Among his effects is the following letter
from General John A. Logan:
CHICAGO 111.. Oct. 21, 1S79-
To Whom. It May Concern: 1 have known
C. H.' Scanlan personally and hope he may re
ceive the : employment he no Justly deserves
and by which he would be able to turn his
splendid talents to good account. Respectfully,
JOHN A. I-/3GAN.-
The following from the widow of
General Logan reveals the fact that
she herself had been overlooked and
disappointed in a political way: -'...
EN ROUTE TO CITY OF MEXICO.
Jan. 31. 1S0S.
Dear Sir: 1 am very sorry not to comply
with your request- and for reasons that It is
unnecessary to state. I have refrained from
commending any one to -this administration
after the ungracious treatn*>nt of my ron. I
coukJ not 'offend by repeattnK requests for my
friends. Trusting you may be successful, I
am very sincerely.- '
MRS. JOHN A. LOGAN.
Scanlan has relatives in Ballirialoe.
Ireland, one of whom is a Roman Cath
olic priest. ¦ t ;' •
Papers . found in the pockets of
Charles H. Scanlan, who died in the
Central Emergency Hospital yesterday
morning, reveal the 'salient points in
the career of a good man who fought
and. suffered for his country and who
lost a, fortune and died poor and friend
less/ Up to a late 'hoiur^yesterday his
body lay in the Morgue unclaimed. Yet
he had numbered among '¦ his personal
friends General Phil Sheridan, General
John A. Logan and others of equal
standing in the dark days of the coun
try's history, and had letters of recom
mendation from Senator George C.
Perkins, Congressman Julius Kahn,
General John H. : Dickinson and- others
living and dead of more or less local
celebrity.
Scanlan was more than 75 years old.
Age and wounds received in the war of
the rebellion had made serious inroads
upon his vitality. On September 1 he
was struck by a Hayes street car and
knocked J down at the intersection" of
Ma,son and Market streets, receiving
the injuries which resulted in ¦ his
death.
On the" other "liand the attorneys for
the Chinese charge that the bureau is
autocratic and unfair in its methods
and that because of its unreasoning:
rigidity many Chinese who are legally
entitled to land have been debarred.
The attorneys for the applicant con
tended that, inasmuch as . the immi
grant commissioner is "not clothed with
full judicial powers in". that he has no
authority to compel the, attendance of
•wit nesses or punish them for contempt,
the applicant cannot obtain a full and
fair hearing: before the bureau.
United States Attorney Woodworth
said- yesterday:
The Attorney Genera! of the Unlte0 States
hat directs thin office to take exceptions
In every Chinese case that comes up and pro
poic-s to.ado;n vigorous methods to extirpate
the system "f ' fraudulent entries of coolies
tnder the habeas corpus act. My knowledge
of these cases ha* led me to the conclusion,
that not more than one applicant in a hun
dred of these native oases is a. genuine native
of the United States.
• United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday decided that on the
hearing of a habeas corpus matter in
which the applicant is of the Chinese
race and claims to be a native Amer
ican the applicant may introduce what
rver competent and material evidence
he may have to offer, without reference
to the testimony previously introduced
by him before .the immigrant commis
sioner. The case before the court was
that of Quan Bok Him. United States
District Attorney Woodworth objected
at the hearing before Commissioner
Heacock to the introduction of certain
evidence that had not been presented
to the Chinese bureau at the time the
application of Quan to land was being
considered. The contention was made
or. the part of the Government that
the United States Commissioner was
limited to the evidence taken before
the bureau.
Applicaut May Introduce
Testimony Regardless of
Immigrant Commissioner
Secretary Shaw Will" Speak
at Reno, Nevada, on His
Return From Los Angeles
3Iisf ortu rie * Overtakes Him
; in His Later Years and
He Loses His Friends
XOT BOUND. BY BUREAU
SUCCESSOR OF F. E. BECK
LOSES MUCH PEOPERTY
Judge de Haven Decides
That Habeas Corpus Cases
Are of Original Nature
May Accept the Position of
Local Manager of Interna
tional Banking Company
Old Time Friend of John
A. Logan and General Phil
Sheridan on Morgue Slab
Officer M. J. Greggains of the Park Police Rides His Horse
Into Surf at Scene of Wreck of the Maggie and Drags
John Warner, a LifeTBoatman, Half Drowned, Ashore.
CHINESE MAY
ADD EVIDENCE
HIGH TALKS
OF RESIGNING
SAVES SWIMMER FROM THE
BREAKERS WITH HIS RIATA
VETERANS DIES
UNCARED FOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO 7 GALUHTUESDAY. SEPTEMBER G. .1904
14
.... . .0 f ¦ .• . - •¦£'•*¦*¦¦¦'" ' ¦ ¦ ' '- • O • ¦
2 f °*9m V I^iCWS f *••• 8
2 ••*• \^^ ==::^>^ ¦'••* *
|;;Price \ [(Call's DaOy| . Price ]
2 ¦ \V °* tte KttaX conclave //¦ „ . fr
• , **!**£ % ••©a g
2 a aQ^ Send your friends C ••©©_ 2
••• i a copy daily and they \ i *Tf#f
$ will be as well posted \
i* as if they wepe?(hiere %
£ attending the tonclave. % i§fl
J^V The Hale Store f^d
I -.^^^ Closed' AH Da y j
I In order that our employes may view the I
I parade' and swell our city's welcome to t|
I visiting Sir Knights and Ladies. |j
I One of the most beautiful and |*j
I ' interesting sights you P
I . can see is the r
I Rich Official Regalia I
i The Knights use in installations. It fills two h
i. big windows in the store front. : : : .: . : |
ffl peep behind the -|
fl tum^5 almost royal in their splen- j<|
g dor; garments elaborate with gold and sil- -, :43
H ver, heavily embroidered with silk. Sir Knights- £3
M will recognize th?m. Ladies have already called j£j
H it the most beautiful window display in San Francisco. j^
H The regalia is from the Henderson & Ames Co.. Kalamazoo. gj
tU Michigan, who also are displaying: on the third floor complete *j
tq equipments for Knights, from emblems and badges to full dress 31
ffi3 uniforms and beautiful plumed chapeauJL
Jm Market Street, Near Sixth, S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VMooyfm
Tour choice between several differ-
ent styles of handles. Including pearL
A crackajack value for the money.
SEATS YOTTSSSIiF with one of
my. excellent Razors, some as low as
$1.00
STAB SAFETY HAZOBS. reduced
from J2.00 to 81.25.
CALIFORNIA SOUVLMRS
Of all kinds, including SOU Vila IB
POSTAL CABDS, at low prices.
Also full line of City Guides, Maps,
Etc., little prices.
; Mail otders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. TV. PITTS. The Stationer. - f '•'
1008 KASSET STREET. Opp. FiTtS.
San Franc Ucb.
Cexifcemeri
fpyfelavesJ •
I Colors |pn| jJU j
I 200 POST ST. I
|| Corner Grant Avc J|
" Mfi&> Has Moved
tt*r* from 847
Geary to
580 GEARY ST.
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days.
Painless .Extraction «»>!,.
Fiiun SS :::::::::go\
l'latc Work . J $3.00 to $25.00
I,cok for this ad. each other day.
ICARTERSl CTIHE SICK head acf^
SanrtE Genuine Must Bsar
BdhT? ' Fac-Similo Signature
ADTERTISESlEyTS.
ePENJO-DAY
SHOES
SOROSIS SHOES
Recommend themselves to all
who demand much in the
matter of cJcthing.
They are of practical use and
comfort to the sportswoman,
the 2thietic zirl, and to the
business woman, who, un-
consciously, walks many
miles.
The materials are gocd — pliable
and durable — and the models
arc as numerous as there
are types of feet.
SOROSFS SHOES
are fitted according to meas-
urements, not according to
any particular siz:.
Misses* and Children's Boots
and Shoes ars made for the
comfort and care of growing
feet.
Speria' Models and Designs of
Button Shoes are included
in cur variety of FALL
STYLES. They are shapely
and chic.
Sizes 1 to 9, widths AAA to EE.
All staple Styles, $3.50 per pair.
Only to be had at
Sorosis Shoe Parlor
216 POST ST.
Royal Shoe Store
50 THIRD ST.
This season we will carry a
complete line of rubbers to
fit SOROSIS SHOES.