THE WEATHER. [
Forecast made at Saa Tran-J,
Cisco fcr thirty hours cndlais
midnizht. Septeabsr 16:
Saa Praccisco and vicinity —
Cloudy Priday: Trtxk west -crind.
O. H. WHiIiSOJT.
Local rorecaster.
Temporarily la Cliarce.
SAN FRANGISCO, FRIDAY^ SEPsTEMBER 16r 1904.
CRUISER 1 •BOBTOJMXVHlCrt IS OX
¦ - THE LOOKOUT.FORA -FLEET OF.
JAPANESE WARSHIPS, v •. . - %
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M., Sept 15. —
Clarence L. Herrick. former president
of the University of New Mexico and
»one of the best-known neurologists in
the. West died to-day at Socorro. N.
M^ of consumption- He was also a
leading geologist 'and had Biient the
l*Bt few years doing • mining expert
•¦oric In Old and New Mexico. .
Dentli Calls Noted Geologist.
Japanese •Hero -Promoted.
: 4 TOKIO,;- Sept , 1 5.^7- Captain : Ye'gamU'
who -"commanded and* led"* the ; Twen
tieth^ 1 Regiment i'of f Japanese^ infantry,
in- the charge on ;the .Russian, redoubts
at aYusfangmiao . on September /3,* after
all \ the 'officers "above : , the ' rank * of : cap
tain "( had r been /killed/"^ has "' been ¦* pro
moted "to -the rank. 'of • major. "
fc - War Xews' Continued 1 on Pago S.
PRINCE, OF PIEDMONT .-_ -. '..
\ .-- ¦ „ - 1 IS : LITTLE ONE'S .TITLE
Queen Helchejof Italy Is Delivered of
'' * 1". a\ Son", at the Royal '.
RACCONIGI, Italy, Sept .15.—
Queen Helene was safely delivered ' of
a-abn .at ; liy o'clock* to-nlffht at the
Royal' Palace here. Both -motherland
child' are'"; doing '.well.' .The infant has
received, the name- of-," Humbert land
the title of Prince of Piedmont. •-. .
EAGLES IX POSSESSIOy '
¦¦ OF THE CITY OF BALTJMOKS
Streets Are Illuminated In Honor oj
tho Presence ¦ of Crand Aerie of
the Order.' . .
.BALTIMORE, Sept. 15:— TCheEa«leS
were in " possession of Baltimors
throughout the . day.- Grand Aeria
members^ devoted . their- time « to-day to
business, but the . visitors from dlstan t
cities spent the tim« •> ta sightseeing.
To-night | a ; constant stream of • pedes
trians,'; men,- women and .•children,
lined- the -sidewalks -of l the -principal
thoroughfares, which were illuminated
by thousands, of J electric. lights.'. , *
: ' The ; Grand Aerie of the order .will
continue - in session , until - late Friday
night and • possibly - may remain over
Sunday. '-/At to-day's session it was de
clared to be i the sense ¦ of the ' Grand
Aerie that State conventions should be
permitted and a constitution adopted
providing 'for such - conventions, per
mitting them to organize as State
aeries and pass laws t not In conflict
with Grand Aerie powers.
It was resolved . that persons. more
than 50 years of age may, become so
cial but not beneficiary members of
the order,, and that an applicant must
have been a resident of a community
at least six months hefor* becomlaf
elUrfl&le* to membership."
SHERIDAN. Wyo., Sept. 1 5. — Joe
Lelter, the Chicago * millionaire ''. and
one of ¦ the proprietors 6f the big M U
Cross" cattle outfit near: , Clearmont,
came ud from*, the ranch last ? night.
Shortly after "midnight: he.^dropped
into Fred: Littleton's 'saloon and bev
gan plo^hg faro. There Ms, no limit
to the game there and Lelter was.scfoh
deep In : play. • Bets • of '•¦} % 7000 ' were
made and lost on. a* single :. card. until
the Chicago millionaire was $72,000 to
the bad. - Then" luck ibegah: to ;f turn
and when, the/game,; broke .up, at 4
o'clock ¦ this . in ornin g *" Letter ; was a
winner by $4000.' .
Sllllionalre Plays Faro and, Though
Once Behind $72,000, Stays, and
Quits Winner . by $-1000.
LUCK TURNS AND LEITER
WINS BACK A FORTUNE
Japan's ['Demand, That.^ Crew < Remain
, : ' * cn\\ Board ; Yet ?Unanswered. •
f'i SHANGHAi, - Sept. 1 B.-^-The" taotal
still -delays; giving 'a r ;fornial answer;-to
'the : W Japariese'/dernahd f that * ( the \ crews'
of ;" the sRussian' protected j cruiser /Ask
qldCand\the;Russian-torpedo-boat de
8trbyer,;Grozbvoi 'be cdnfined.'on; board
these ivesselB,'* but • it . is .understood r that
the f , Japanese , cruisers? will
any. endeavor . to ship \ the ; cr'ew3 * away
from '-' here.r y ' The •'- disarming : of .» the
Askold , is- concluded; V^ 1 >
ASKOLD. INCIDENT "NOT CLOSED.
- BRESLAU, Prussia, ; Sept. ,- 1 5.-r-The
appeal of the Crown Prince Frederick
William »; against paying' taxes - on bis
estate at* Oels !was decided against' hln*
to-day . by ', the ¦ district tax ; administra
tors,,who upheJd ; the'judgment'of t the,
cantonal authorities, T only -' 'the'
, sovereign " arid not** members ' of his
family^is exempt- from -taxation. The"
tax- administrators assessed the -Prince
$1250; on 1 his 'income from the estate
ofIJ31,500: : r .';:.; .-:¦¦ .-
Officials Decide That Frederick; TOD
: linm Must; Pay an. Assessment
. on His. Income. .
CROWN PRINCE NOT EXEMPT
. . FRO3I THE : DISTRICT. TAX
! * -iThe.-.Korea formerly, belongedto the
Danish-Russian East-'Aslatic^ Steam
ship. Company and 'was, according to
advices;, from Copenhagen August- 31,
. together A'wlth'" 1 . the same ' company's
Kitai.'equlpped' as a Russian auxiliary
steamship."; The vessel, it was stated,
would ;¦ "be;-. attached . to . the <v Baltic
squadron.. . . ¦
, The .Korea's dimensions are given
as 'follows: ' Length, 409 feet; beam,
4 9%";' feet, \' and-, depth, 19 feet.- Her
tonnage, 7 is • registered as : 3857 and her.
horsepower as -567. The Korea was
builtfin- 1899 at Flensburg, Denmark.'
The rebel vessel Sajonia attacked
the port of San Antonio this mcrnlng,
General Ferrelra making a simulta
neous attack by land with cavalry and
infantry after a reeonnoissance in the
direction of Llerono. where, a consid
erable number of; Government troops
were encountered. The combat lasted
three hours and resulted In the defeat
and dispersal of th<i Government
forces. , The extent of the losses is un
known.
BUENOS AYRES. Sept. 15.-*There
has been a complete failure of the ne
gotiations between the Paraguayan
Government and the revolutionists,
owing to the. persistent demands of
General Escobar.
Paraguayan Revolutionists Make Win
ning Fight—^Peacc Negotiations
Fall of Their Object.
GOVERNMENT FORCES ,
DEFEATED BY THE REBELS
MEN WHO LYNCHED NEGRO
INDICTED BY GRAND JURY
HUNTSVTLLE. Ala., Sept. 16.— The
Mafllson County jail is guarded to
night by Companies G and K, Third
Alabama Infantry, Captain Luclen
Brown, because threats have been
made that persons indicted by the
Granfl Jury for connection wITb the
lynching cf Horace Maples and placed
in this jail would be taken out by their
friends and set at liberty. Ben Hill, one
of the alleged lynchers, was captured
¦nd lodged in jail to-day, and" the of
ficers are looking for nine* others who
have been indicted.
Judge Ppcake of the Circuit Court
heard rumors cf impending trouble and
telegraphed to acting Governor Cun
ningham asking for militia. The troops
reached here on a special train late to
day, and pickets guard all approaches
to the jail. No trouble Is anticipated bo
Icng a* the jail is guarded in, this man
ner. Captain Broun has orders to pre
serve peace in this community, even if
the city be placed under martial law.
He has camp equipment and is*-pre
pared for a long stay.
Solicitor Peters denies the rumor that
Eheriff Rogers and Mayor Smith have
been indicted. The only foundation for
this report is the fact that the Grand
Jury has asked for Instructions as to
how to croceed to bring about the im
jjtachment of these officers if, such ac
tion should be deemed advisable. »
LONDON, Sept. 15. — William
Thomas, alias* John Smith, who plead
ed guilty at the Old Bailey yesterday
to the charges against him. including
the admission j that he was convicted
in 1887 under the name of John
Smith and served a term of five years'
imprisonment for obtaining money
and jewelry \ from women under false
pretenses, was to-day sentenced to
five years', penal servitude.
It was in mistake for William
Thomas that a man named Adolf
Beck serWd two terms of imprison
ment on the charge of obtaining
money, and jewelry from women under
false i pretenses, " owing, ¦ it Is asserted,
to police conspiracy.
Felon Who Allowed AnoOier to Go to
Jnil for His Crime Is
Punished.
FIVE YEARS IS SENTENCE
OF AN ENGLISH SCA3IT
I was able yesterday to get the optn
ion of Anthony Drexel on the subject.
Drexel remarked that May had been
suggested as the best month in which
to attempt the voyage. This h» consid
ers too early and the month too treach
erous. It Is hia opinion that. June or
July would give tho • v«nturesom«
helmsman the best opportunities of suc
ceeding. ».
Yesterday two further entries wars
made. The first , was M. Garcia, end
was dispatched from Marseilles. M.
Gardn is the owner of th« launch
named Bohemian.
The second,' and by far th* rao*t-eaa
sational entry up to ths present tlraa,
is that received from M. Thubron. own
er of Trefle-a-Quatre. M. Charley tell»
me- that M. Thubron Intends to «end
this boat across with ths others.
M. Vedrlne also announces his Inten
tion of risking the- perils of the deep la
an attempt to win M. Charley's 50.0C*
francs. -> . . ¦ i. ; ""
Special Cable to The Call and N«w Tor*
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by tb« New York
Herald Publishing Company. v
PARIS. Sept. 15.— Everybody la talk
ing about the proposed automobile
launch race across the Atlantic. It is
the one absorbing topic of conversation
in automobile circles. Opinion, at first
almost entirely skeptical as to the pos
sibility of one of these frail craft push-
Ing her. way from Havre to Sandy
Hook, Is now beginning to .veer. Th»
question being asked now 13 not If it
can be done, but what la th» best
month to try it.
McGjjcghegan was City Treasurer
for five years. About the first of last
March a shortage was found in his
office, and he was at once suspended
by Mayor Worswick. Later • he j-e
pjgned. Nearly $10,000 of license
money collected by McGeoghegan was
missing. "When accused of taking the
money he denied it and protested his
innocence all along'. McGeoghegan
was not allowed a deputy In the office
and. he employed one himself. This
deputy during the trial also denied
taking the money.
A suit is now pending against the
United States and American bonding
companies, which were on McGeoghe
pan's bond, for the amount of the
ehortage in the treasury-
This practically frees McGeoghegan
of any wrongdoing in office, as' the
only charge that can now be made
against him is that of falsifying the
records. There is some doubt whether
he cculd be convicted on that. The
verdict to-day was received with ap
plause.
SAN JOSE. Sei>t. 14. — After a half
hour's deliberation this afternoon ex-
City Treasurer Thomas J. McGeoghe
gan was acquitted by a Jury in Judge
Turtle's court of embezzling the sum
Of J9J23 07 from the city.
BshzimI Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS EXCITED
BY QUEER RACE
M'GEOGHEGAN
IS ACQUITTED
TOKIOr Sepi^l5l-^The- v pr*e8ance'of
MAY HAVE THE : XOVTK'S : CREW.
HoWjToldo Accounts for, the Presence
"of- the Lena, .
The i telegraphic > . reports^-, of , . . the
Lena's and* numberTof . sruria^on
board "5 indicate abnormal v conditions
for ; a^ ship f of -her- class, -•-- .:; - ;¦,: ,
Tlie r Secretary of- th»: navy has telegraphed
the -President's.' order to San FrancUco and
given ; instructions ' to Admiral Goodrich ; and . to
Captain McCalla, the commandant of "the Mare
Island Navy Yard, to carry, out its provisions. /
* The -main -question regarding; the
Russian, transport Lena' having^been :
settled, officials^of : the .administration
and 'of ; the - two , - belligerent , govern-: "
mehts .will .' now.i devote i themselves i to
reaching' an i understanding ¦¦ regarding
the officers' and crew; of the vessel: As
indicated -in - the "statement • made] by,'
the" State • Department/the present ar
rangement 5 is ; but a temporary, one, de-;
signed 7 to meet: the -Question, as it", im-i
mediately ; presents, itself, vit A% not
likely that . the , officers and crewi will
be .allowed :again' to - participate : in . the!
war, ' unless Jaiian % should '.waive 1 her,
prerogatives • in), that? regard, 'which . is
not believed ;to •; be ;at ! all .probable."^ 'i'
v.< An^arrangementswlll .' be ' effected'
whereby-' the; men .either wili;be"per- :
mitted:to return' to rRussia- or interned'
i n ' the : United ? States, as " the transport ;
is. to be until the close, of .hostilities, *af
the 'expense .of." the ; Russian Govern- \
ment.; -"• .- ; ' J -.' ' ."¦¦-. 1'"' ' •¦. .. "¦•"..;. ¦*'.¦• '
¦'•-• JPresumably | some"; members '. of f the'
crew, will remain .In charge of the ives-')
sel' as. caretakers, a ;privilege {to. which!
the United = States : Is likely; to ' raiso
any?objectlon.' :•-¦¦' ¦ .' • '. ' ; -. -'
the . -Russian i warship • Lena r in > San
Fraricisco" t is, ¦ exciting,? keen ~* interest
here,' although^ the 'motive ; of I the : tri p
is 'not'* understood., : One . theory,?- ad
vanced.! is 'that nthe> Lena, while ,: enf
gaged " iri T . ; scouting. I called" at * Korsa
kb vskr found.' the .-wreck "of 'the ', cruiser
Novik, >. learned i of -the > scattering f of
thei Port ; • Arthur* fleet and ' theMefeat
of? the^Vladivostok : squadron, i tolok . the
Nqvlk's} crew.; one board'- and" fled
San ii :FrahcIscb^-i'r-'-:' : '' :: :4' '-*- '-^':':i < y ":
¦ This action has been taken upon the written
request of ; the commander of the Lena, .ad
dressed to Rear Admiral Goodrich. • . - :'.
dressed to Rear Admiral Goodrich, . setting forth
that, ns the vessel Is- Incapable of putting to
sea without: needful repairs, she must disarm,
and.aekine that needful repairs be permitted
after disarmament. »• . ¦ ' . . , : . ;
¦WASHINGTON.- ' Sept. -15.— Acting
Secretary of State Adee to-day gave
out the following; statement regarding
the Russian' ship" Lena," now at San
Francisco: '/'¦¦ \ , - " . - . :
,The. PrcstdentJ. has.. to-day. Issued .an .order,
through thq .acting Secretary of Stat«. .direct-
Ins that the Russian -armed transport- L/«na,
now. at San -Francisco, " be taken Into custody
by the naval authorities of "the United States
and disarmed:, The- nialn: features of the'eon
ditions : prescribed "are that • the " Lena", be takin
to'the Mare Island. Navy -Yard and there dis-"
armed - by removal ; of ; email ¦ guns, breechlocks
of laree tuns, " small arms, ammunition anil
ordnance stores and. such oth«r, dismantlement
as may b« prescribed \ by "the commandant' of
the navy yard; that; the. captain give a written
guarantee -thett'-the Lena- shall- not leave.- San
Francisco untll-peaoe:' shall -have,, been ' con
cluded; '. that ' the . officers . and j crews ¦ shall • be
paroled." not" to. leave San Francisco until some
other .understanding as to their disposal may
be reached' between the -United States .Gov
ernment' and .both' the belllg«rentn-, tnat after
dlsarmanv»ht^the. vessel "may be: removed- to'a
drydock for j such | reasonable : repairs- "as will
moke her seaworthy and preserve her In, good
condition during h»r detention;: that she , may.
be so repaired at the navy yard If the Russian
commander should ', so .'elect; . that : while at a
private dock the commandant of the navy, yard
at Mare 'island- shall have custody of the ship.'
and the repairs shall be overseen by . an . e,n
glneer officer -toj be detailed by the commtnd
ant; • »nd - that, -¦ when so repaired, if peace'
shall not hav« been. concluded, the vessel shall
tw» taken back to Mare Island navy yard and
be' there held 'In custody until the end of- the
war.- . . '¦'.¦ ; ¦¦-:¦ ¦ ' . \ ¦¦ ¦ .:¦ ' ¦ :'
From Wilmington, Del., to-night
comes the news tha*. great destruction
was caused by the storm. Trees were
uprooted, houses flooded and crops
ruined. * •
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— A number of
lives were lost, much property dam
aged and several ships wrecked in the
storm which ravaged the Atlantic
coast last night and to-day.
The greatest loss of life was near
Wilmington. Del. ""The ' tug Israel W.
Durham, with a crew of six men and
four other men,. employes of the Amer
ican Dredging Company, was swamped
in the Delaware River early to-day,
during the height of the storm. Eight
of the ten persons on the little craft
were drowned. From farther down the
ccast— Jacksonville — comes the report
that five men were drowned off
Charleston. This report was brought
in by one of the coast liners. New York
suffered comparatively little. The wind
and rain and thunder and lightning
were terrific, but little actual damage
was done. Nineteen coal barges went
adrift in the bay and to-night their
wreckage Btrews the shore from the
Battery to the Narrows, but no lives
were lost. Several small vessels also
went ashore on various parts of the
coast near New York. One fatality was
reported In this city, when a piece of
cast iron flre escape was blown from
a building and struck Carl Hertznock,
killing him instantly. A fishing steam
er, the Joseph Church of Greenport, N.
Y., struck on Peaks Hill bar to-day and
was smashed to pieces. The captain
and crew of twenty-one men were
saved. , .»>.,-/ • v
Are Drowned.
Tug Is Swamped and Eight Persons
JUXY LIVES ARE LOST.
President Orders
Dismantling
of Lena.
Everything on board- the •" Russian
transport Lena was going on as quietly
as possible y^terday. 3 The orders from
Washington , to the effect that she was
to be dismantled seemed to have very
little effect. upon either the. officers or
the crew. Whatever they thought upon
the subject they kept to themselves.
Their countenances were as stolid as
on the day they arrived here: They
moved about the decks in that same
easy going fashion that has . marked
their movements since the Lena has
been in port. The only outward signs
of life on ¦ the Lena was the ' scraping
of her hull, which | had become .green
and mossy .and bore a' dirty, brown ap
pearance. This Is . now being trans
formed by. the crew Into a brilliant
black. Boats on "all sides were en
gaged In this occupation.
Late yesterday afternoon a report
reached this city, in a cablegram from
a prominent ¦ merchant ; in Honolulu,
that one of the interieland boats '{ that
had been plying between that place
and Kaul had seen a number 9/ Japan
ese warships hovering ? ln.the \ vicinity.
Whether they, were lying oft the harbor
of Honolulu and watching for-one;"of
the merchant marine steamships which
they believed - would "call" at Honolulu
on her way 'to the Orient or .were lying
in watch for the Lena was not made
apparent in the dispatch. .-•;.
Admiral Goodrich, In speaking.;of the
Improbable . story' of the , court-martial
of Captain Berllnsky, . expressed great
surprise that ; any credence had! 5 been
given such a report.", Noone in the naval
contingent here; he said,' could possibly
have intimated a- belief that . the Rus
sian commander, was in danger of be
ing called * to account to .his Govern
ment i for his i actions/ Captain ' Berlln
sky iB-here .with- the ; authorization : r of
his own Government. ' V '
All day - long yesterday, the same
careful guard; that has v been in at
tendance upon the Russian ; warship
since her ' in ;this port is still
at her command. , The Paul Jones, which
is lying immediately, south of her.' and
the launch .from the Marblehead " are
both keeplnff . a close: scrutiny on ¦ every
boat* that* approaches; her. /,. The 'Ben-'
nlngton,' whose anchors j were fouled;
has succeeded in getting. them cleared
ahdVyesterdayj she" was -able ,to -move
up nearer to ¦the Russian vesseL v
The United States cruiser Boston
left port early yesterday morning in
command of Commander John Hub
bard, with orders to patrol up and
down the coast to; Ideate, if possible,
the Japanese _ warships." that • have, been
reported or are^supposedto be in vthis
vicinity.* Admiral Goodrich,- in- view of
the many rumors of 'the 1 ' presence of
foreign warships. . deemed this action
necessary in the interest; of, the mer
chant, marine. '. The\rurriors that;."have
come:froni,alLsources,and channels rev
garding 'the-; appearance -of,; Japanese'
warships' off > the;' heads '.\ had * caused
much ' consternation' in marine insur
ance circles. ' i Marine insurance' rates
threatened to advance as^high as J 3 per*
cent on outgolng^ships; and their car
goes. All day long.the-BostQn kept in
close communication with the shore by
means of her wireless telegraphy sys
tem. She -kept Admiral "Goodrich
thoroughly advised as to ( her move
ments. Up to a late hour last night
she had not discovered ' .the alleged
fleet of Japanese . warships, that was
supposed to have been in close pursuit
of the Russian cruiser^ Lena.. Admiral
Goodrich, in speaking of the ,; Boston's
mission, said : ',*''¦ ¦ : .
"I deemed it best, in the- Interest of
this Government ahd^also.TJt.the mer
chant marine, to. send oiit, the Boston.
There had been so many. Conflicting ru
mors that I felt that- it was advisable
for her «to cruise up „ and down the
coast. She has kept .me closely in
formed all day of her whereabouts and
her movements by means of hersystem
of wireless- telegraphy. The -workings
of the machine have been absolutely,
'perfect, and this practical test- of "the
system has'been of incalculable value.
The Boston will return to port to-mor
row." . . ¦
. : "One of the' naval ; remarked a
few . days ago tha't grave apprehension
fc^now entertained" of 'Germany's en
trance Vinto the hence.'no
doubt .the feverish" activity.; here.
¦¦. A; commissioned officer, of the Graf
ton said- td-day f ; to) a- press representa
tive that if the'Korea put in here her
case would be attended to in short or
der, meaning that the commander of
the station had his . instructions al
ready as.to what. to do, whatever plea
the .« Korea's ¦ commander advance. A
hint' dropped to-night by a naval offi
cer, is ' to the effect that the order will
be to 1 dismantle .unconditionally and
send her crew home.by Canadian Pa
cific 'Railway.
The ,' shipping agents here . are very
anxious since the. news of the Korea's
near/presence leaked out. : The Rus
sian vessel is regarded as a" direct
menace to British shipping.
Another, serious report leaked out
from -Esquimalt ..this evening, to the
effect that imperative orders have
been received from London to rush to
completion * the Signal ; Hill fort, com
manding, Esquimalt 'and ten miles of
the i strait; :¦ Work accordingly will be
hurried;. night f and day and the T huge
siege guns . mounted * without delay.
•VICTORIA," B. C, Sept 15.— Members
of ; the'.crew : of H. M. S.' Graf ton, just
returned , from Comox,< report, the pres
ence ' of . the | Russian . auxiliary - cruiser
Korea in /the ; Pacific; off ; the i northern
.coast '• of Island, steaming
slowly r southward.: | They ' expect" that
th'e *Rofea(will 'come' 1 to. Esqulmalti or
Victoria. ;. She-is; described' as.. a , larger
vessel, than the'Lena^and;is command
ed^ by'!; an* officer of \high'* rank "in^ the
Russian* navy. - ; ; ' ' r '/'. f. p ' /'„ .
'.The/hews - has • caused • much* excite
ment; at Esquimau, ¦ where preparations
to deal* with: her case, should she enter,
are- now -being made, j . • -*..¦•
| H.M.S. Graf ton, flagship of the Pa
cific squadron, has, entered the drydock
for a rush cleaning. She is to be out
in twenty-four hours. H. M. S. Flora
is at her; moorings. in Esquimalt harbor
under steam, ready to put to sea on an
instant's 'notice.. The Graf ton. also will
be made ready for immediate sea ser
vice'on-issuing from the drydock. ," ,
. Should; the Korea continue on . her
present j course she . would be • due off
Victoria about Saturday evening.
; -It : is said that the orders "received by
Commodore * Goodrich from the . Ad
miralty r are extreme. : The commodore,
it is believed, is to prevent interference
of. any sort '.with'British shipping. .
E-peclal ¦ Dispatch to. The Call
Slav War Craft Is
Off Vancouver
Island.
Cruiser Boston in
Quest of Japan
ese Fleet.
Regarding the conditions as serious,
Sargent will visit all of the southern
'stations and end his trip up along the
Canadian border. Mexico has been en
courajring Chinese immigration and
has thus increased the danger for the
Uniled States in that direction.
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 15.— One purpose
of the inspection trip on which F. P.
Sargent, Commissioner of Immigration,
departed is to strengthen the Chinese
exclusion service along the Mexican
border. It is reported that hundreds
of Chinese have been entering Mexico
of late with the purpose of stealing
ecross the border into the United
States. The scene of action of the Chi
nese for frauds has lixgely changed
from Can&da to Mexico. Speaking of
this to-day, Sargent said:
"We are having more trouble along
the border in the south than ever be
fore and it probably will increase. In
stead of poing to work in the southern
and central parts of Mexico, for which
th^ir importation was intended, the
Chinese are congregating along the
American line, simply waiting for an
opportunity to get into this country.
"We are having the greatest trouble
in Lower California, however, and we
have increased our men there. The
peninsula Is thronged with Chinese and
these are making their way over the
hills and mountains Into Tia Juana
ar,d thence north to San Diego. It is
hard work locating the culprits In this
sort of territory."
Fr* z'.tl Disratch to The Call
Dispatches from Western Maryland
report serious damage to growing crops
and fruits by the wind and rain. The
rainfall .during the prevalence of the
storm for seventeen hours was 5.0S
inches. '
In this city to-day William Norton
was killed by coming into contact with
a live wire blpv^n.,down: during the
storm.
The steamship Joppa, from Easton
to Baltimore, tried • in vain to j make
landings on the bay shore. Her cargo
listed and for hours she pitched and
rolled with water dashing into her
cabins and drenching panic-stricken
passengers. She reached this city safe
ly after several hours* delay.
On the Lower Susquehanna a schoon
er and yacht were blown ashore and a
tug sunk and in the bay. a dozen "bug
eyes" and smaller craft were driven
ashore. - . , . -
VBALTIMORE,, Sept. 15.— Reports
from down the Chesapeake Bay indi
cate that last night's storm was un
precedented in its fury and long con
tinuance. For nearly ten hours last
night and early this morning the bay
was swept by a rain and wind storm
which evidently was more severe
farther down the bay than at its head.
The storm played havoc with ship
ing, in the northern part of the bay
particularly. The wharves at both
Betterton and Tolchester were par
tially washed aw.vy. while sail boats,
steam launches a\d all light craft
around Tolchester, Mlavre de Grace
and Betterton were badly damaged. In
many cases the boats were washed
away and lost.
By this time the government officials
had assumed full charge of the situa
tion, for not far ahead were the bis
ordnance yards, in which were thou
sands of tons of powerful explosives.
A party of sailors, together with a
company of Royal Engineers, landed
to the north of the flre and began blow
ing up buildings. For an hour the en
tire city was shaken by the terrific ex
plosions. More than a dozen buildings
were leveled, and at 7 o'clock the flre
had reached the cleared space, where
it stopped. •_'•- "
Crowds of people who had rushed
down Smith wharf found themselves
hemmed" In with the fire on one side
and the harbor on the other, and all
had to be taken off by launches from
the warships. By this time the entire
city had begun to realize the gravity
of the situation. At half- past 3 it
looked as if I nothing could stay the
progress of the flames from the main
business section pf the city and' into
the residential section beyond. Every
effort on the part of the firemen to stay
the flamea was futile, t
Then came the providential shift of
wind. ' * ¦
There the fire raged on lower "Water
street practically beyond control until
7 o'clock to-night, when two hundnnl
sailors with torpedo apparatus landed
and with the assistance of two hun
derd troops checked, further progress
by removing, with the aid of dynamite,
a dozen v email buildings.
The fire. consumed six wharves, two
coal piers, two hotels, a dozen ware
houses and a number of. retail shops.
'During the fire a large tree fell, kill
ing Flora King. 28 years old, and
wounding two others. !>i-?i»*^ L:. ;¦*¦_.¦¦
Admiral Sir Archibald Douglas per
sonally directed, the sailors in protect
ing Imperial property, and two hun
dred'marines patrolled the streets.
'. One. fireman, was" fatally injuredby a
live- wire," and another was badly hurt
by falling slate.
The burned district, which covered
about two acres, was one of wooden
buildings three and four stories high,
many of them built years ago, when
Halifax merchants dealt heavily in
fish.
Between 3 and 4 o'clock this after
noon,, when the fire was at its height
and a fearful southerly gale was push
ing It straight toward the heart of the
business center, consternation reigned
throughout the entire city. Shortly
after 4 o'clock, however, the wind
shifted and turned the flames along the
wharves and warehouses.
HALIFAX, N.,S.,*Sept. 15.— A for.
tunate shift of the wind saved Halifax
from destruction by fire to-day. Nev
ertheless the city suffered a loss, of a
half-million dollars in the business
part of the water front, and the prog
ress of the flames was stayed only by
the dynamiting of a dozen buildings by
the sailors from the fleet and soldiers
from the garrison.
Federal Official Will Strengthen His
Forces Along % Southern
Boundary.
Serious Damage to Growing Crops
in the Western Districts
of Maryland.
Wharves, Hotels, Waffchonses and a
Number of Retail Stores Consumed
Before Blaze Is Controlled.
Situation Alarms Commis
sioner of Immigration
Sargent.
Number ol Small Vessels
- Wrecked in Chesa
peake Bay.
Dynamite Is Used to Stay
tlie Progress ol the
.Conflagration.
Sense of Sight Adds to the
Dtility ol Long-Distance
Talking. ¦
Device Permits the Persons Who Are
Conversing to Be Plainly Seen
by Each Other.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Sept 15.— A telephono
arrangement by which those speaking
may also see the face of the person at
the other end of the line has been in
vented by a Portland man. J. B. Fow
ler of 115 Russell street.
That the apparatus does what the
inventor claims for it Is best proved
by a visit, for as he has no patent
upon it as yet. scientific explanations
are lacking. Ever since 1378 Fowler
has been working upon a device by
which two persons at a distance mlsht
see one another's features.
Two months ago he hit upon the
idea, which, followed out. has resulted
in the apparatus exhibited by him to
day for the first time. * A newspaper
man made so thorough a'n investigation
of the apparatus this evening that fake
is impossible. How far it will be pos
sible to see faces over the wire must
yet be ascertained, for Fowler has kept
the entire line within his own resi
dence.
To the observer there appears an
apparatus much resembling\the front
end of a large camera. There is alao
a telephonic transmitter. To see over
the wire one. puts his eyes to the .tuba
which corresponds to the . lens of a
camera. Miss Lillian Fowler weni to
the other end'df the wire, twenty-five
feet away, In another room, and where
any reflecting by mirrors was out of
the question. Her face showed up as
distinct and clear as a miniature paint
ing. As she spoke her lips were seen
to move.
The observer was in darkness that
he might see the more clearly. Fowler
ha3 not yet doubled his apparatus so
that both persons may observe one an
other^ as they speak. He believes that
this- can easily be done. Apparently
electrical Incandescence plays a largo
part. *¦.'.*'
Yellow Horde Pour
ing In From
Mexico.
Great Damage Along
the Atlantic
Shore,'
Flames Destroy Prop
erty Worth'
$500,000.
Portland Man Makes
a Remarkable
Discovery.
SMUGGLING
OF CHINESE
INCREASING
GALE PLAYS
HAVOC WITH
SEA GRAFT
MAY HEAR
AND SEE ON
TELEPHONE
RUSSIAN CRUISER KOREA
SIGHTED AND ES QUIMALT
SHIPS PREPARE FOR SEA
FIERCE FIRE
VISITS CITY
OF HALIFAX
PRICE FIVE CENTS
11 ¦__- ¦ j_
:¦ THE THEATEB3. -
Alcazar — "The Second la Com
mand." ' - .
Calif ornla — "SSarta of tha Lo«<
lands A
Central^'Osly a Sfcox> Girl."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Baffles."
Fischer's — "Anhouser Push."
Grand — "Princess Pan Tan." .
Majestic— "In the Palace of the
Kinsr." •
Orpheum — "Vaudeville.
.TivoU-S'The Toreador."
vnTTiviir'xCVI^NO. IPS.
The San Francisco Call.BISHOP LUTHER B. WILSON. PRE
SIDING OFFICER OF THE
METHODIST CONFERENCE.
COLUMBIA, Ky.. Sept. > 15. — Flva children
were burned to death and their. parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Jeese 8app. fatally Injured at" Roily,
Adatr County, to-day. All were asleeo when
tic broke oat la thtir 4wtJUnx.- . < .ww-t
at Ireland. Ind., Wednesday will be
named Alton Stewart, Brooks Stewart,
and Parker Stewart after Alton Brooks'
Parker, the Democratic candidate for
President.
PARKER'S NAME IS JUST
LONG ENOUGH TO GO ROUND
Triplets Born in Indiana Are to Be
Called After the Democratic
, Standard-Bearer.
BOONVTLLE, Ind:, Sept 15.— The
triplets born . to " Mrs. Dora' Stewart
LINCOLN, NebrI, Sept. 15. — Begin
ning to-day the maximum speed at
which Lincoln streetcars can run is
seven miles an hour and many people
prefer to walk. The change is the re-"
suit of a fight between the city admin
istration and the traction company De
cause of the abolishment of passes for
policemen. The latter resurrected an
unrepealed .. horsecar ordinance limit
ing the speed of streetcars and de
manded its enforcement
Nebraska Police. Officers Display a
Get-Even Spirit . in Fight with
Traction Company.
LIMIT SPEED OF CARS
TO SEVEN 3HLES AN HOUR
. WASHINGTON, Sept. 15. — Secre
tary Morton has addressed a letter of
commendation to Midshipman J.
Reidy, a member of the third class at
the naval academy, in recognition of
the bravery he recently displayed in
jumping overboard and rescuing from
drowning C. H.- Hohman, a seaman in
the navy.
The Secretary's attention also has
been called to a similar act of bravery
on the part of Midshipman John Rod
gers. who "rescued a . seaman from
drowning in the harbor of Chemulpo,
Korea, while the Cincinnati was there,'
and of Ensign J. M. Enochs for jump
ing overboard and swimming, to the
lifeboat and taking charge of it. The
Secretary will send similar letters to
these officers. 34G9MG&
Gallantry of Others.
man's Life and Will Commend « ,-
Morton Praises Cadet for Saving Sea-
RECOGNIZES THE BRAVERY ; ¦
; . OF YOUNG NAVAL OFFiqER
at large met and nominated their can
didates for to-morrow's election.
The committee at large nominated
the following candidates: N
For president— E. F. Swinney, presi
dent of the First National Bank of
Kansas City; for vice president— John
L. Hamilton, Hoopstown, 111.
A carload of trunks and dress suit
cases just received at a saving of 50 per
cent in freight. Now is the time to buy
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
A Carload of Trunks.
SILVERTON, Colo., Sept. 15. —
Peter Dalla, a saloon-keeper, was as
sassinated to-day by means of dyna
mite exploded in his bedroom. His
body was terribly mutilated. The
building was wrecked and a dozen
others were Imperiled.
Posses are searching the hills for
Bernardo Fueri. Dalla and Fueri had
qaurreled, it is said, over the latter's
attentions to the former's fiancee. Dalla
was to have been married within a
fortnight.
Explosion of Powder Wrecks Balld
lnjr and Blows Unfortunate
Liquor Dealer to Pieces.
FIF.NDS PLACE DYNAMITE
IN SALOON MAN'S BEDROOM
DES MOINES, Sept. 15. — Because
he Had been sued for $10,000 dam
ages for alienation of affections by a
former, husband of his wife, Moses
Barte, a wealthy farmer, nearly 80
years of age, residing near Anamosa,
took his own life last night.
• Barte brooded over the suit until
his mind became, unbalanced. - His
wife Is much younger than he and her
former husband claimed that Barte
made love to her while she was still
living with him and represented to her
that his wealth would enable him to
give her much more of the world's
pleasures. '#5arte.left all his property
to the woman. .
Farmer, Charged With Alienating Af
fections of Woman, Broods Over
" Action and, Takes Life. . v
SUIT 'FOR .'DAMAGES DRIVES
AN OLD MAN TO HIS DEATH
San Jo*e — R. P. Morton. H. Morton. Mrs.
J. H. Corbln, M, P. Chaflln and wife. H.
Morton.
Batoenfield— A. C. Firan, F. A. Flran, J.
Wller and, wife.
Miscellaneous — J. Votypka and wife, Santa
Kofa; Dr. W. L.. Stephens and wife, Columbia;
R. A. Smith and wife, Alameda: F. Bammann,
Alameda: F. A. Young. Berkeley.
Oakland— Mrs. L. M. Hamilton. Miss Clay.
Mr*. H. A. Stephenson. Mrs. C. W. Reed, C.
W. Reed. J. \V. McCiymonds, Mrs. C. C.
Clay, J. M. Elmms.
Frcrno — A. I). Marshall, R. 1.. Davis, E.
Daugherty. C. Davis, F. Rehorn, J. W. Spears,
Mrs. J- B. Lewis.
Pa&fdena— H. P. Earle. A. F. Cain. A. II.
Ewltzer, B. Story. Mrs. H. L. Story.
Stockton — G. E. Catts, C. E. Rohn, A. L.
Jchnnon. Miss O. C. Bandouir.
gacramento — Mrs. I W. A. Gett, B. Groth,
O. Bucktns, H. C. Merrian, O. G. Noack.
Santa <:roz — Mr«. W. F. Williams* P. Mor
rlssey, W. F. Williams.
ST. LOUIS, Sept- 15. — The follow
ing Visitors from California have reg
istered at -the California building: -
Fan Francisco.— Mrs. I. 'Umath. H. I.
Wulcrevy. C. Unrath. C. E. Kehc«. \V. J.
Locke and wife. It. Block. L. it. Sweltzex,
L>r. M. D. L*ne, A. H. Gianninl, J. H. Lowt
ley, M. It. Loweley. Dr. G. McLone. D. M:
Morru, L>r. A. C. Peters. L. F.- Byimrton.
11. K. Landerhin. C. A. McCarthy. Mrs. C. B.
Mason, \V. U. Taylor. B. Conrad. Mrs. J. A.
Smythe. A. F. Falsh, G. P. Hays, G. D.
McDonald. J. A. Doble and family, Mrs. W. K.
Hanvey. Mrs. A. Purvis. Mrs. D. C. Williams.
l>* Angeles — Mrs. S. It. Meyers, Mrs. A. L..
Palmer. Mrs. 11. B. Hail. G. A. Chapel. W.
J. Lawless and wife, H. C. Glaeson, G. K.
Cfcristman. W. K. Meyers, Mrs. F. "E. Christ
man, W. H. Mlhr. J. II. Caaell. F. B.
Fitch. F. E. Christman. C. B. Ijams, F. B.
Harbert and wife. A. S. Chaplin and wife,
I. J. \V. Sharp. Mrs. C. Udell. B. R. Pollard.
d. A. Hunt, A. Barlow, A. T. Wade. Mrs. W.
H. Mohn.
Many Californians Journey to St.
Louis for Purpose of Seeing
the Fair.
SIGHTS AT THE EXPOSITION'
PLEASING TO WESTERNERS
TRENTON. N. J., Sept. 15. — The
Democratic State Convention met here
and nominated Charles C. Black of
Hudson for Governor. The platform
arraigns the Republican State admin
istration for extravagance.
Jersey Democrats Xume Blat-k.
CHICAGO. Sept. 15. — The immense
Pullman Car Works at Pullman were
shut down to-day and practically
every one of the company's 7000 em
ployes is idle. The workmen were
told to take their tools with them
when they left the works and from
this they infer that a considerable
period of idleness confronts them.
The closing jf the big car works at
the "model city" came when the 1500
workers in the repair department were
laid off. That had been the only
branch of the plant in operation for
some time and its closing left not
more than 100 men at work, just
enough to put the finishing touches on
what Uttle work remained on hand
and to keep the many buildings in
condition.
Pullman Company Closes Its Immense
Plant at Model City.
CAR WORKS SHIZT DOWN.
The flames had" so weakened one of
the spans of the bridge that when the
fire apparatus and the crowd attempt
ed to cross it fell Into the water about
twenty feet below. Twenty persons
were precipitated with the wreckage
and of these two were killed and five
seriously injured. The dead: .
ADOLPH BOO, aged 22 years; son
of a local hotel keeper.
GEORGE McGRATH, aged 16; son
of Andrew McGrath.
• The injured: Ray French, probably
fatally injured; . Edward McPeters,
James McCann, fireman; August Wo
john, Louis Gerurtins. Financial loss,
$2000.
STILLWATER, Minn., Sept. 15.— The
half-mile bridge across Lake St. Croix,
extending to the Wisconsin side, caught
fire this afternoon. The ,flre created
seme commotion and the fire apparat
us, in responding .to the alarm, was
followed by the usual crowd of per
sons.
Span of Structure Across
Lake St. Croix Gives Way
Under Fire Apparatus
PITTSBURG, Sept. 15. — A strike is
threatened on the Fort Wayne
system and its branches of
the Pennsylvania road. The mem
bers of the Brotherhood of Railway
Trainmen are now taking a vote on
the strike proposition and the result
will be announced next Monday. It is
understood that the Pennsylvania will
not accept the new wage schedule.
tion of Wages.
Railroad Hands Taklnc Vote on Ques-
TRAINMEN MAY STRIKE.
HELENA, Morit., Sept. 15. — Twice
to-day the Democratic State Conven
tion voted down propositions to make
an effort to fuse with the Labor,' Popu
last and Anti-Trust parties and the
wcrk of nominating a State ticket is
progressing, while other futile at
tempts are made to get another vote
on fusion.
The ticket so far nominated Is: Con
gressman. A. C. Gormley; Governor,
J. K. Toole; Chief Justice, D. F.
Smith: Presidential Electors — Pat Car
ney. Paul. A. Fusz and Edward Card
well; Lieutenant Governor, Edwin
Ncrris.
Montana Convention Votes Down the
Proposition Twice.
DEMOCRATS WILL NOT FUSE.
CROWD FALLS
WITH BRIDGE
OMAHA, Sept. 15.— A Japanese vil
lage has been established within the
precincts of the South Omaha packing
plants for the maintenance of sixty
subjects of the Mikado who came to
break the strike and whom the strikers
will not permit to live elsewhere. Last
evening the Japanese were Installed In
an improvised hostelry for their espe
cial benefit, but by nightfall they were
compelled to do a "Kuropatkin back
to the plant.
Strikers gathered at the Japanese ho
tel in mobs, with brands and kerosene,
with which they declared they would
burn the building and the Japanese in
it if they were. allowed to sleep there.
The Jananese retreat was under the
protection of a force of deputy sheriffs.
What to do with the Japanese has
been a problem for the plant managers
since the strike settlement. They are
too good workmen to be turned adrift
to make way for the old union men.
The strikers, many of whom are still
out of work, will not allow them to re
main unmolested outside the plants.
After the threat to burn the hotel the
plant's, superintendent bought stoves
and provisions and established the
Japanese inside the packing buildings.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 15.— William
Jennings Bryan opened the Democrat
ic campaign in Colorado with a (speech
at Coliseum Hall to-night. By. far the
largest crowd assembled thus far dur
ing the campaign turned out to hear
the distinguished Nebraskan. Bryan
dwelt at length upon what he termed
the policy of militarism of the Repub
lican party, which was not influenced
alone by imperialism, but that the
strengthening of the army was as much
for the purpose of capital enforcing Its
demand on labor as anything else.- He
characterized President Roosevelt as
a dangerous man because of his love
of power and warlike demonstration,
and unsuitable to be at the head of
a nation that wanted to be great in
moral force and not physical force.
"You ask me, a believer in free sil
ver, how I can bring myself to support
a man who favors the gold standard.
I say that I love peace and the gos
pel of peace Infinitely more than I love
either gold or silver."
Bryan assured his hearer* that if
Parker were elected President peace
would reign in the United States dur
ing the next four years.
Silverite Says He Is for Parker Be
cause lie Lores Peace.
BRYAN TAUtS IN DENVER.
Threat to Destroy the Hos
telry Causes Brown Men
to Do a "Kuropatkin"
., Immediately, after, the. adjournment
the nominating committee. of State del
.egates, and r the ; nominating .- cpmmi ttee
" Trade with Paclflo ports Is steadily Increas
ing, especially with "< th» ; Far • K&st. The ; In
troduction of . a ; larce . number of large steam
en, with ,i more to come. Is ' good ' evidence of
the ' present ' audv-proepectlve . increase * In • the
f reljrht trade ' of •" the •„ coast. • In ' & :. word, V the
condition of general trade appears to be sound
and ! fairly : prosperous.
'Much might be said of the. lumber industry.
The timber Is - of ' the finest and . tallest " de
scription and there is " plenty of It. It ; Is
being - used ¦ In the :.' erection ¦ of - buildings of
all sizes and ¦ for . all kinds of purposes along
the west coast, • In Australia and In the
Orient. ¦ ' . .
. To facilitate" activity in all these and various
other Industries there are numerous and well
established i, mercantile , and banking, institu
tions of all classes, private and • corporate.
Ample means are at hand for fostering and
distributing all the. products of the soli whether
subsisting 1 in or above ¦ ground, ¦ animate . and
inanimate; :. all ' that i pertains - to the fisheries,
largo er email; all of the. thirty or more differ
ent tf rodueu of the mines and all of the
•com*; of; manufactured' articles, from,'. th«
minutest r< and least * valuable, v to - the. : mam
moth - steamer whose value - goes ' Into ¦ the mil
lions.. .. ,-.-.: ,. - i - ¦ ... • . /.'. -,.--•¦ .
In the' line *of manufactures great progress
has been - made. ? x A" ship yard that ; can turn
out euch '¦ notable vessels as • the Ol ympla, the
Oregon and the : Chitose In the Japanese serv
ice which recently j overhauled and destroyed
the Xovik. the pride of the Russian navy, Is
only a single -illustration of what has . been
and what can; be^done la manufactures. The
discovery of fuel oil In abundance has not only
been of treat*, heir) to . manufactories ' but . also
to the transportation interests contered in the
West. ¦:¦'. ' ¦ ¦•¦ ' . \:-.: ¦.
. The raising; of. .cattle and; sheep and. high
bred horses, la a prominent feature of ¦ these
states • and Territories. It is literally true
that thesr -sheep" and cattle- "roam on a
thousand hills." '-. " .. '¦'¦ '¦':'- - ".
CATTLE ROA Jt RANGES.
Tiie fisheries | are 'another valuable Industry,
In whlcti" large- amounts of capital are In-
Vested with good The coast boasts
of the finest salmon '.streams -In the world and
the boant in not an idle- one, as can be at
tested in < all . parts of \. this . country and In
foreign lands. "','' ¦.'¦.• ''
- But these are 'not the only metals for which
.this- country Is distinguished. The production
'of copper, lead and a score of other minerals
.has been notably large. The only cinnabar
'deposits in .'-th« United States also He within
this ar«a and the value of the quicksilver
/lias added materially' to' the wealth of the
country.' The borax deposits In California and
• Nevada have .contributed most liberally in the
jeame' dlrqr yon. * '••..¦'.•; ¦ *¦
AJ! " these jnlning Industries throughout the
whole territory .art still' In .flourishing condi
tion and , likely,, to ', last for /many years. 'In
the laat. five-years Bupplles of earth
oil have " been discovered and worked: -
It is our boabi that, we li*tve upward of $2.
000.000,000 In gold and silver coin and bullion.
Whence did we get this money? Practically
every dollar of it came from the Western
States and Territories and very much more —
the commercial value of the silver and gold
products of this country for the past few
yearn has averaged in round numbers $100,
000,000 per annum and the total value of this
pioduct, to the elope of the current year, is
estimated at S4.362.225.000.
Practically all the gold and silver has been
produced since the discovery of gold In Cali
fornia in 1848, or s wlthln a period of fifty
seven years. The total domestlo'. product
'prior to 1S48 was less than $25,000,000. '
Reckoning silver v at - Its coinage ' value, the
mint director gives the total product of rold
and all vex., to .the close of- 1002 at $4,417,229,000.
:At least. 90 per, cent of all the gold 'und
OS per cent /of all . the silver produced
'in- this country since 1848 has come -from
the nine States and three Territories, banked
against th« Pacific. Coast and classed as the
West. . •.. ¦ : :.
The one feature that differentiates the West
from the remainder of the country la the pro
duct of the precious metals. It Is appalling
t > think where this country would have been
clasjed to-day In the nations of the world If
the rivers and mountain fastnesses of the
West had not been unlocked by the enterprise
of man and treasures brought forth to gladden
and beautify, net only this country, but ln
•dlrectly all other countries.
WEST SAVES COUNTRY.
We inaugurated the manufacture of beet
sugar, which has 'now become a prominent'in
dustry with us, as It also la in some other
parts of the country. To other products It It
not impossible that we shall add coffee, rice,
tea. cotton, silk and tobacco In some parts of
our domain. "•.'».
¦ The overflow of the more populous States
must naturally come our way and there are
evidences that this overflow is Increasing the
adTantages and resources of the region.
It would be difficult to select an equal area
of opportunity In anji other part of our pros
perous country. The three primary 1 ' sources
ef. wealth — agriculture, ¦ mining and manu
factures — are In a line state of development,
but capable of much future expansion.
Thin area embraces all grades of climate
and there Is hardly a product. of the' soil in
any zone but what finds hospitality within our
borders. We are the producers of all kinds
of grain and fruit In abundance. We can
supply the whole country with all the raisins
and wine It can consume. If we Include
Hawaii, we have cane pugar plantations under
the most Intelligent cultivation of any in the
world and capable of furnishing 400,000 tons
per annum.
The West abounds in everything except peo
ple. This deficit is causing no anxiety. The
population is increasing more rapidly than
in the remainder- of the country. There was
a gain of nearly 31 per cent In the nine States
and Territories known as the West between
l%90 and lfOO, against a gain of a little over
20 per cent In the remainder of the country.
There are no available figures of gain since
1900, but there are "good reasons for believing
that the Increase for the past four years has
been proportionately greater than It was In
the previous ten. "
Mr. President. I need not tell you nor the
members of this convention that the West
Is going to be the big end of this country.
Many or you have seen it and are, therefore,
more or less familiar with Its size and re
source*. - . -,- < : • i -i ';.-..
An interesting speech was that of
J. K. Davis, president of the San Fran
cisco National Bank, who said In part:
SAX FRANCISCAN" TALKS.
' The Western banker has always been right
on economic questions. He did his full part
in the great battles of 1896 and 1000. when
our money standard, was at stake. The West
ern banker has always been a firm believer
In the full value of the dollar and that the
dollar of any stamp should be worth 100
cente. '-. -r ¦¦
NEW YORK, Sept.' 16.— Western
bankers had the floor at to-day's ses
sion of the convention of the American
Bankers' Association. The principal
speakers were A. K. Frame 1 , president
of ¦ the Waukesha National Bank of
Waukesha, Wls.; W. C. Robinson,
president of the First National Bank
of Winfleld, Kansas, and Eugene E.
Prussing of Chicago, whose topic was
"National Banks and the Trust Com
pany Problem."
A feature of the day was the "call
of sections — north, south, east and
west," which brought forth five min
ute statements by bankers on the en
couraging condition of business in the
various parts of the country from
which they came. Robinson spoke in
part as follows:
The "Western banker is practically the prod
uct of the last decade. Until that time " the
West and the Western product were not con
sidered of much importance. Indeed, I well re
member when a man from the West, especial
ly the Western banker, was looked upon not
only with suspicion, but with absolute dis
trust. The West was considered for many
years the birthplace of the wildest vagaries,
prominent among which wan Populism. Free
silver— 10 to 1— if It had not Its origin In
the West, found there Its strongest and most
brilliant advocate, the Hon. William Jennings
Bryan, a born master of men.
While Populism and free silver are con
sidered among the Western inconnUtencieo,
they were not without good results. . They
both served as educators or renovators. They
were a* pebbles thrown In the business ocean,'
etartlnc the waves of agitation. From tfils
agitation the public mind was awakened, the
pitfalls were cleaned up, Niagara was seen
ahead In time to avert a calamity and to-day
the West stands as Gibraltar.
San Franciscan Talks About
the Pacific Slope at Gath
ering of the Moneyed \JIen
ITS GOLD SAVED LAND
treaty ratified by every Democratic
Senator.
"If the ablest Democratic orator, can
find only these two points of attack
in the record and letter of Mr. Roose
velt surely they have no case against
him."
"In the one case," said Senator De
pew, "the President reduced by three
years the disability age limit, fixed at
65 years by President Cleveland; in the
other he secured a Panama canal
• When Senator Depew took the plat
form to nominate for Secretary of
6tate John F. O'Brien he took occasion
to reply to the speech of Congressman
"W. Bourke Cockran last night at Tam
thany Hall, and devoted Rome minutes
to its arguments. He declared that Mr.
Cockran would undoubtedly be the At
torney General" of the United States in
the event of Judse Parker's election.
He said he had heard Mr. Cockran.
tvhom he characterized as the great
est orator of the Democratic party on
rhe floor, defend free trade and de
nounce protection of every name and
nature. He said Mr. Cockran evidently
had been able to find in President
Roosevelt's actions and letter of ac
reptanee but two points to sustain
the charge of unconstitutional action
made agaJnst him by the Democrats.
One was his pension orcer. making age
above 62 years in itself a disability,
the other his action in connection with
the Panama canal treaty.
National as well es State policies are in
volved In the outcome of our State election,
•nd we commend to every citizen the faith
ful performance of his patriotic duty.
The Republican party's oafe guidance to evi
denced by the fart that during the administra
tions of MrKinley and Roosevelt wages
reached the high^M j>olnt on record and proe-
I«-rlty ruper*t-(W th* adversity which resulted
from Democratic policies Just reaffirmed at
£t. L>nulji.
The administration of Governor Odell Is
orrnmrnded and indorsed.
We aitfjejU for rapport to the common *nna*
of :'. -. mho At not believe In change for
th» sake of making a change and who are
»lllirs to "let well enough alone," and tboe*.
wh'< i ¦ l:>\ - in the kind of protection the Re
publican r'arty has always stood for. and not
In the kind with whirh the Democratic party,
with its fre* trade allies, is trying to delude
Industrial worker*.
W* indorse the platform of the Republicn
National Ccnvctitlon in Chicago in June last
in ail it* declarations, particularly those in
tavor of the maintenance of the gold ktandard
and trrotecticn to American workmen and the
indtmrt"* ty whirh they thrive.
W> repeat «nd confirm the pledge made to
rr*"»i<!er!i Roosevelt by our Etate convention
t»o years a«o, of unfaltering confidence and
unwavering support.
There wa* no slight anywhere in the
proecednps to Senator Platt, save in
i^fusal of the convention to accede to
his declared wish for the nomination
of Woodruff. L*very mention of his
name was enthusiastically cheered
nsain and again, the whole convention
arising with deafening shouts and ap
plause to do him honor.
Governor Odell, too, as Governor and
as chairman of the State Committee,
was cheered at every turn.
" Following is a synopsis of the plat
form :
The Republicans of the Empire State, the
home of Theodore Roosevelt, in convention
aissfrr.bied. congratulate the country on the
•pleatfid results of the recent elections in Ore
cn. Vermont asd Maine and the ineplration
they have Riven to the cause of Ilootevelt and
Katetmaks.
In the convention the Woodruff fac
tion was exi eedingly enthusiastic and
insistent. Iiut the «>nly thing approach
ing a Fhowlng of strength was when
his> name was first placed in nomina
tion. The great majority of the con
vention 6at tilen*. through the demon
stration.
"There is no change in the situation.
My name will be presented to the con
vention."
Immediately after Woodruff had
left Platt. Odcll called upon the
Senator. Later bo said his call was
eimply friendly and that he under
stood Woodruff would go into the con
tention and eft as many votes as he
could.
>A protracted conference was held
«"arly in the day between Senator Platt
and Woodruff and his immediate coun
selors, in the Platt quarters. At its
dope Fenator Platt refused to be in
terviewed and Woodruff said:
SARATOGA, N. T., Sept. 15.— The
Republican State Convention adjourned
at 2:30 o'clock to-day after nominating
unanimously the ticket for State offi
cers forecasted last night In these di«
patches as follows:
Governor— Frank W. Higgins of Cat
taraugus.
Lieutenant Governor— M. Linn Bruce.
Secretary of State— John ' F. O'Brien.
Attorney G«neral— Julius M. Mayer.
Comptroller— Otto Kelsey.
State Treasurer— John G. Wallen
meier.
State Engineer and Surveyor— Henry
A. Van Alstyne. >.
Chief Judge of the Court of Appeals—
ildgar M. Cullen (Democrat).
Associate Judge of the Court of Ap
peals—William E. Werner.
The unanimous action of the conven
tion in the nomination of Higgins was
made possible by the withdrawal of
former Lieutenant Governor Timothy
L. Woodruff at the very last moment,
as the convention was preparing for
the roll call demanded by the resolu
tion of the Kings County delegation.
It was only, as he said, "because it be
came obvious to his practiced ear" that
the convention was almost solidly
against him. after his name had been
placed in nomination in a epeech by
William A. Prendergast of Brooklyn,
In which the management of the Hig
gins campaign was bitterly attacked,
that Woodruff took the platform, with
drew his name from further considera
tion, moved that the nomination of
Lieutenant Governor Higgins be made
unanimous and pledged the fullest ef
fort of himself and his Kings County
forces in aid of the ticket about to be
nominated. There was no contest what
ever over any other place upon the
ticket.
An executive session was ordered for
to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock to dis
cuss the qualifications of young men
seeking admission to the conference. At
11 o'clock the Bishop will address the
class admitted into full connection. .
By request Rev. Chan Hon Fan was
transferred from' the Southern Califor
nia Conference to this conference.
-The - discussion yesterday.,. over. Dr.
Hammqnd was to -determine whether
hifl name sho.uld.be made a part of the
roll call, and Bishop Wilson, ruled that
as he was still a member of the confer
ence he was entitled to that privilege.
Dr. Hammond must now, after a year
of .suspension, be made an effective
member of the conference and thereby
be entitled to an appointment if he so
desires.
The following committee on aggres
sive evangelism was appointed: Revs.
W. W. Case, E. R. Dille, W. C. Evans.
George W. White and H. J. Winsor.
This action is taken in harmony with
the request of the commission appoint
ed on the same subject by the General
Conference.
The committee, on minimum' salary
recommended that tf fund to be known
as the sustenance fund be provided by
taking collections of 20 cents a member
in all the churches annually, the money
to be distributed • to pastors upon the
smaller charges, according to necessity.
The following commission was appoint
ed to have charge of this fund: For
1905, Revs. James Williams, C. M. Jen
ness and W. C. Howard; for 1906, A. H.
Needham, W. C. Evans and J. R. An
drews; for 1907, L. P. Walker, A. J.
Hanson and W.' W. Case.
The dividends of the business this
year distributed among the conferences
of the church, which go -to help su
perannuated ministers, their widows
and orphans, were reported at $135,
000. Books have increased in sales
about six times during the last four
years from the western house. The
best books in the language are being
published. , ; .. ¦,. •, •..- ¦¦:;¦¦¦¦
By request Rev. Dr. George B. Smythe
was transferred from Fuchu Confer
ence to the 'California Conference.
Rev. Dr. Emory of the M. E. Church
South was introduced as one of the
committee from that church,, and ad
dressed the conference on that sub
ject. ... x . • , ¦
Rev. Dr. Henry C. Jennings, one of
the agents of the book concern lo
cated at Cincinnati, was introduced
and spoke upon • the condition of the
publishing interests of the church.
He said the book concern was not
in business primarily to make money,
but in order to furnish good literature.
Rev. E. D. McCreary, Ph. D., pre
sented, the .report_.of. the -Sacramento
district, over which he presided, cov
ering ' territory of about 15,000 square
miles. . .'•;>•-
The committee on education re
•ported the following as a. special com
mittee to meet with a like committee,
from the Pacific Conference of the M.
E. Church South, to conrer upon. plans
of federation in the educational enter
prises of the two churches in Califor
nia: Revs.- Eli McClish, 'J. H. Wythe,
George "W. White, E. R. Dille and W.
C. Evans. .; ¦ •
The Rev. John Coyle, D. P-, read the
report of the Oakland district. He said
his territory . covered 20,000 square
miles, varied in "topography, climate
and population.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 15.— The sec
ond day's session of the, California, Con
ference' opened this morning at 9:30
o'clock. Rev^ J. H. N. Williams, pre
siding elder of Napa district, read the
report of the work in his district dur
ing the past year.
FIRE IS MOB'S WEAPON
Western Financiers Post
Their Eastern Brethren on
" Progress of New Country
Strike-Breakers Are Driven
From Hotel and Take Kef
uge in Packing Plant
Flattering Reports Are
c Heard .From the
State Ticket Programmed by the Supporters
of Higgins Nominated Unanimously in
the Convention of New York Republicans
BANKERS HEAR
OF THE COAST
JAPANESE FIND
FOES IN OMAHA
ODELL FORCES ROUT
PLATT AT SARATOGA
MANY QUESTIONS BEFORE
METHODIST CONFERENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 1G, 1904.
2
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclu sive
Ii gh-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Agents.
THE STRENUOUS PROCESS
THAT CLOTHS UNDERGO
BEFORE BEING MADE UP
ARE POINTS UNKNOWN
TO MOST CLOTHES MAKERS.
OUR GARMENTS- CONTAIN
THIS DETAIL AND OTHERS.
K;e a r n y S'tre et
T h u r lo w Bl oc.k
ADVEKT1SKMKXTS.
Special Sale o!
Leather Goods
$4.00.
FOB THIS 24-I3T. 1EATHEB SUIT
CASE.
Above Is one of the special offer*
we are making: for the next ten days.
"We would be glad to have you look
' over our line. It's the best and most
I complete assortment In the market.
Trunks. Bags and Suit Cases.
A. B. Smith Co.,
1 16 Ellis, near Powell,
Pleurisy
Pneumonia "
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Haf-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
60c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co..
28 California St, S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. rn.
ill Over the World
yon will find Beecham's Pills
famous because of their good
works. People of all classes
and nations have for over fifty -
years kept their Livers right
and Digestion good by using"
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10a and 25c.
Svisit DR. JORDAN'S qriat S
OF ANATOMY^
\ ' Cy Tk» Lmt— Aa»i— Ic»I Mimot !¦ t>» \
6 S*3£* ft CR. JQROAM-DiSEASES OF MEN 4
\ f &££)Q Camsallaooa tm and itrktlv print*. \
6 i wVfl Tr«rai«nt ftnon*l\y or by 1«rter. A M
, \ I / 1 ?||| /*«*»• 0*rt la vmj c»m «adartu*n. T
n¥l n& »'rin fcr ?•»![. PtUL««OPMY •( A
¥ • 4 Jf M AM«tlA«K. MAILIO P*SS. ( A f
A O nlmbli baok f«t mm) \
V DB. JOBBAJI A CO.. 1081 Jfarkat St.. S. P. V
\ - ~
FAVORITE
SCRIPTION
BWE4KWOMEM.
•*""1^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-y^Ja *>-** HEAKST ST. Establish^
Siifcl^S 1 " Is3 "* forth* treatiaTit of prl»»t"»
JHJJwJSa Diseases, Lost Mmnhood. Debility or
•85? 5SHfc^*«<" wrartDRon body and mind %ad
'CSKQMlBLI" 11 Im t*!**?*^- Tb* Doctorct3r»*'wli»n
jK^MgaW"thers (ail. Try hin. Charres low.
)Na«IB£d<'nrr« enarantrrd. Call or write.
Dr. JT. W. UIBBOM, Man Francisco. CaL
OCEAN TRAVEL.
>S|C"J2>v Steamer* leavt Broadway
/oS^^M-V wharves (piers 8 aid 11).
/ff/1 '^i^ s * n Francisco:
f V re?^ Y*\ ToT Ketchlkaa. WranseU
I I \K*Ki I I Jun e»a. Halnes. Bkarway.
I A .Wkd/ / etc. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
\flL\l ~y&/ **• 17 « **• **• October X
YjTs^^/vx Chang* to this company**
V'JStSy Bteamers at Prattle
For Vlctorta. Vancoorar.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Taeoma, Everett. B<»1-
lingham— 11 a. m.. Sept. 12. 17. 22. 27. Octo-
ber 2. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska - and ' O. N. Ry. ; at Se-
attle or Tacoma, to >f. P. Ky.; tt Vtaeoortr
to C. P. By. . : • -
For Eureka (Rumboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 13, 19, 25. October 1: Corona. 1:30
p. m.. Sept 10. 16. 22. 23. October 4. , . -
For Los Anrele* (via Port Lo« An«el*« sad
Redondo). San Diet o and Santa Barters—*
Santa. Rosa. Sundays, 0 . a. m.
State of Callforota. Thundaya. • a." m.
For Los Anceles (via San Pedro and 'East
San Pedrd). -Santa Barbara, Santa- Crua. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartord (Saa
Luis Obtopo). Ventura and Hoerism*.
Bonlta. » a. m., Sept. 12. 20. 2S, October «.
Coos Bay 9 a. m.. Sept. 8, 16,- 24, October X
For Ensenada, Magdalesa Bay, Saa Joe* d«J
Cabo, Mazatlan. AlUta. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymaa (Mes.), 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For farther Informatloa obtain folder. Rls;ht
la reserved to Chang* steamers or aalllaff'datea.
TICJCET OTTXCH3 — t New Montgom-
ery st- (Palace Hotel), 10 Market rt.and Broad-
way wharvf s. Freisrht Oflc», 10 Market »t.
' C • D. DUN A NX. General Pasaenz«r A jent.
It Market ft.. Baa Francisco,
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Butter st. will
call for and check bancare from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
6.S.ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept 17. U a-m.
S 6. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Aock-
'land and Sydney. Thursday, Sept. 29. 2 n m.
S.8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct 20, U aT m.
1.D.SP2ICSELS S BEOS. CO., IZt^.TldSt Olcs S43 3Hx-
ttt Keiot oace 329 Kamt si, Pisr 7, Padlg.si
C0XTA63IS OXirraiLZ TXlK31TlaaTIQHX
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS j^ w
Sailing every Thursday Initead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier Li. ¦^•itrSJr
¦ North River, foot of Morton st
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo.
end Claia to Havre. $45 and upward. OEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlnc).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
To XT. p.H»Ty^T»r»l ul Vallejo.
Stmrs. General Frisble, Montlcello and Arrow
9:45 a. m.. 12:30, 3:15, 6. S:30 p. m. (ex.Sun.)-
Sundays, 0:43 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo
7. 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:15, 0 p. m. (ex. 8un.); 9ua-
days, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Pier 2. foot Ml«-
slon street: phone Main 1508^ HATCH BROS.
To TJ. .8. Viivy Tard and Vallojo. !
S tmr. H. • J. Corcoran— Leaves S. F . foot of
Clay it. north end ferry bldg.— Week days.
9:30 A. M-, 3 and *8 P. M. ; Suadaiw 93s) ,
A. M..-H-P. M. Leaves Vallejo— Week days.
6:60 A. M.. 12:20 and 5:30 P. M.; Sundayafs
P. M. Fare. 25c each way. Excursion rate*
Sunday* ¦ to Vallejo. Glen Cove and ¦ Martiaas.
60c ' round - trip.- . PIPER, ADEN, GOODAXi
CO. Phone Main 641. *8aturda7 czceats4«
.-_..-.-_..-;^.-^ p .y^??^^??^ s !r-^-^^- - - , -.-.- '-' '---'-
Sailor Suits and
J*S»L Extra Pants for'
1-1111 i* -^rMk I The suit and P ants represent a value of
¦Iliiill8t v '•'ililk $4. JO. There is quite a saving for you in
i'flRBl'^^W- g g them for $ * : '
''"" ¦ :^7jRi • The, sailor is a pure wool blue cheviot
\tt^ : 'iShffi^M which sells re § uIarj y for S3 - ?0 ' F ollar triiTim ? d
with braid, shield neatly embroidered, silk tie,
lil^M^^^^, ' The extra pants are made from the same
$$Mg wHR' For" to-day, Saturday and Monday you
¥9 lill get the suits and extra pants for $2.90.
JIBF lii Considering the very low. price for such
mW lli excellent values, no more than two suits with
.jmf' |B extra pants will be sold to one customer.
SplfHp: -w| • • ¦ Positively no suits at all will be sold to cloth-
0j&m **¦:,*:,¦ ]§||§§& Views Free — With any purchase we will give
¦JaMM^ J $*r''- ¦ . ®fi** f ree a beautiful photograph of the Knights Templar
.«Sp*? : 7 l y' sxetd*tfrvmiitt.^& street decorations or illuminations. These photos
0ff. : • are selling about town for fifty cents each.
"Special^ for to-day and if< %:f \ik'Is\}YXWri. m, .TVk M en ' 8 sllk ""dcrbiim
Saturday, men's English vj '/V" \V VT \J LI & I CJ hat ?' *" bIaCk *' ta ° and
square scarfs, all silk, reg- i TT*- .Tr \ 'm~*- pearl, regular ;'; $2.50 val-
uiar.75c ; va!ue5;fqr;36c;: 740 Market Street ;ues t for $1.95."We humbly lay- at your . Majesty's
feet our desireto be, permitted to^flght
and die for the fatherland." "¦¦: -'-.'. ,[ : ,.,
''The Emperor, in accepting, wrote
ST. PETERSBURG; Sept. 16.—Con
siderable amusement has been caused
by a slip of Emperor Nicholas in ac
cepting the offers of several companies
of Siberian ' militia = which volunteered
for service at the front The petition
reads:
the Fatherland.
Accept* - Siberians' Offer, to Die for
CZAR'S UNCONSCIOUS HUMOR,
. Barber came here " a few months
ago from Los Angeles, where * his .wife
Is living, and occupied a room at the
Golden Gate Hotel. 164 Fourth street.
He had been out of work and drink
ing heavily for. several days. On 1 last
Wednesday; night v he -- requested -Max
Kern, the barkeeper; of the hotel, -to
awaken him at 5:30. a. m.^so; thatrhe
would be in time ¦ to go * to his work:
At that hour /Kern '¦> found his dead
body. - ; ', ,
Barber was about 60 i years old.* -
Attiring himself in the uniform
that he wore in the parade on Labor
day, Thomas Barber, a member of
the Tile Setters' Union. ¦ lay ; upon his
bed yesterday and swallowed a fatal
potion of strychnine. .Before taking
the . poison he had ¦ written on a : piece
of. paper the following:
"Mr graveyard suit, boys; better
than having no suit at all.'!'
Thomas Barber, Tile Setter, Winds Up
a Spree With a Potion of
Deadly Strychnine.
PUTS OX UNIFORM
. AND TAKES POISON
LONDON. Sept. 16. — The Daily
Mail's correspondent at Mukden, tele
graphing under date of September 12,
draws a distressing: picture of the sad
condition of Chinese refugees, who
are fleeing from their homes and
crowding into Mukden. The whole
fertile plain around Liaoyan? has
been depopulated and numerous vil
lages have been burned by the explo
sion of shells.
While they are thus expelled from
their homes and deprived of the prof
its of harvest, the natives can obtain
no compensation in the form of extra
work or business arising •froni the
war, because the profit from the sale
of provisions, etc., to the qombatants
has been mostly secured by clever
contractors or rascally interpreters.
Numerous Villages Destroyed by the
Shells of the Combatants.
CHINESE ARE SUFFERERS.
PUEBLO. Colo.. Sept 15.— Officers
were elected at to-day's session of the
State Federation of Labor. T The elec
tion showed a complete victory for
the radical or socialistic element.
President Moyer of the Western Fed
eration of Miners is given the credit
for the victory of the Socialists.
Socialistic Element Wins Fight in
Western Federation of 3Iiners.
NEW- LEADERS SELECTED.
Affiliation of United Mine - Workers
Wish Western Federation Planned.
PUEBLO. Colo., Sept 15.— Rumor
is current to-night to the effect that
the United Mine Workers of District
No. 15. now in session here, will meet
to-morrow with President Moyer of
the Western Federation of Miners for
the purpose of perfecting plans for an
affiliation of the United Mine Wbrkers
of the district with the Western Fed,
eration of Miners.
It is said that the convention is In
dignant at the action of the national
organization in withdrawing support
from the strikers in, the Southern coal
fields of Colorado and that the dis
trict organization will 'surrender^jts
charter and ally itself with the West
ern Federation.
MAY BECOME OXE BODY.
KOUPANTZU, Sept. 16.— The Jap
anese have not yet appeared in the
vicinity of the SInmlntin Railway. The
Russians still hold the great Mukden
road from Sinmintin, protecting the
right flank with a full army corps
above the Hun River. The Japanese,
who are still landing reinforcements
at Newchwang and sending -winter
equipment and supplies up the LJao
River, are operating from the hills
along the east.
Foreign military ataches and news
paper correspondents In numbers left
the Japanese side after the fighting at
Liaoyang. The correspondents also
are feaving the Russian army.
Native refugees are crowding the
trains to the south, but the damage
done to the natives is insignificant.
Manchuria throughout has huge crops
and the people have been enriched by
Russian expenditures.
Into Xewchwang.
Fresh Japanese Troops Still Pouring
REINFORCING OTAMA.
6TES FOR DAMAGES— Oakland. Sept 15.
— Bc'.t fcr $10,000 damages wa* begun to-day
by Etsmel Springer against the Southern Pa
cifle Compary for Injuries received nearly two
j-ear» ago. A» he vu driving across the rail
road tracks he w&s run into by a train and
alleges a« received permanent Injuries. ,
Santa Clara Votes Bonds.
SAN JOSE. Sept. li — The election
held at Santa Clara to-day to deter
mine the question of a $50,000 bond
issue to erect a new high school build
ing resulted in 313 votes for to 86
against.
To Give Comic Opera.
- The comic opera, "Prince Mathu
salem," by Johann Strauss, will be
produced on Monday evening, October
3,. at the Alhambra Theater, the pro
ceeds to be devoted to the erection of
Sacred Heart parish new . school.
Neither labor nor expense has been
spared to make the production of the
opera an artistic success.
CONCERT FOR WORTHT CAUSE— A con
cert and social will b« riven on next Mon
day evening In Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sut
ter street, by the Universal Serrlce Society.
This societr labors to reclaim wayward youths
as well as to aid destitute adults who need a
helplns hand. The programme promises to be
entertaining.
Seek to Protect Forests.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee of the California Water and
Forest Association last Wednesday the
question of treatment of denuded for
est lands and the matter of fire pro
tection were discussed. The neces
sity for legislation on the subject was
unanimously admifted. Those who
were present at the meeting were
Chief Justice Beatty, In the chair;
William' Thomas, F. W. Dohrmann.
W. H. Mills, Arthur R. Briggs, N. P.
Chipman,. Washington Dodge and T.
C. Frledlander.
IRISH VOLUNTEERS TO PICNIC—Com
pany A, Irish Volunteers, will hold Its twelfth
annual picnic in Shell Mound Park next Sun
day. September 18. The members of the or
ganization have been drilling assiduously for
the military features on the programme The
committee on arrangements has made elaborate
plans for the enjoyment of those who will at
tend the picnic.
The Japanese, the dispatch adds,
have issued a proclamation to the
Russian troops, demanding their sur
render. General Stoessel sees in this
proclamation an indication of the en
emy's consciousness of failure.
"On September 3," says Stoesse'
"the enemy received reinforcement
on the west front of the fortress. Dur
ing the bombardment of September 2
the Japanese squadron remained the
whole time in view of the fortress."
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 15. — A
dispatch from Lieutenant General
Stoesscl, commander of the Russian
military forces at Port Arthur, says
the Japanese are actively constructing
fortifications on the Samhon Moun
tain and at other points and that they
continue to bombard the forts and
harbor. On September 2 they threw
250 shells into the town.
The Novoe Vremya proceeds to .be
rate the. United States for presuming
to interfere In Russia's internal af
fairs, but finally dismisses the whole
matter as "an American election man
euver."
fact that the question- of American
Jewish passports has been raised. The
Novoe Vremya this morning follows
the lead of the Journal de St. Peters
burg, the semi-official organ of the
Foreign Office, in its denial of the
right of a foreign country to '.'make
overtures for classification of our pop
ulation under the fiction of right ac
quired by naturalization," and com
ments with amazement upon the ar
ticle in a recent number of the Paris
Siecle, which represented President
Roosevelt as a new Moses, seeking to
impose upon- Russia liberal treatment
of Russian Je>vs naturalized in the
United States. N
Unknown Lies Upon Track and Is De
capitated by a Slowly Moving
Locomotive.
VENTURA. Sept. 15. — An unknown
man killed himself to-day at Saticoy
Btation by deliberately stooping and
placing his head under the wheel qf a
slow moving locomotive. His head
was severed from his body. The man
had been seen hanging about the sta
tion, but nothing peculiar was noticed.
As a freight train approached,
drawn by a big locomotive, the man
neared the engine, took off his hat and
stuck his head beneath the heavy
wheel. He was aged about. 40. of
light complexion and dressed as a la
borer. Nothing was found on his per
son except a scrap of paper containing
the name "O'Hara."
DELIBERATELY PLACES
HEAD UNDER THE WHEELS
Port Arthur Troops.
Japanese Issue a Proclamation to the
DEMAND A SURRENDER.
St. Petersburg Journal Declares the
Issue Is Raised as an "Ante-
Election Maneuver."
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept- 16.— The
Russian press is awakening to the
DISTURBED BY QUESTION
O F JEWISH ' PASSPORTS
The same firm has sold for A. «P.
Hotallng & Co. the property on the
west side of Howard street, 100 feet
south of Twelfth. 155 feet front by 160
feet deep, with two old dwellings, for
$22,500 to O'Connor Bros. The pur
chasers are having plans drawn to
erect twenty-four dwelling places on
this property.
Davidson & Leigh have sold the two
flfty-vara lots on the west side of
Scott street, extending from Hayes to
Grove, to the Pacific Hebrew Orphan
Asylum for 547.500. As the asylum
owns the other four flfty-varas, this
purchase gives It the whole of the
block bounded by Devisadcro, Hayes,
Grove and Scott streets, opposite
Alamo Square.
Now Has Possession of an Entire
Block Opposite Public
HEBREW ORPHAN ASYLUM £
V-C \ SLAKES LARGE PURCHASE
SAN JOSE, Sept. 15. — The State
Lunacy Commission held its regular
quarterly session at Agnew -Insane
Asylum to-day. Secretary of State
Charles j F. ( Curry presided. Members
of -the "State Board of Charities and
Correction, prominent medical men of
the State and the managers of the
different asylums to the number, of
twenty-five were present.
The needs of the various Insane asy
lums were taken up. Care of the con
sumptive element in the ' asylums - was
discussed and will probably result In
the request to the next Legislature for
assistance in preparing an institution
to be used solely for that class. ¦ Diet
tables and food service were also con
sidered. Reports were made by the
medical I superintendents of the five
different asylums and Agnew asylum
was inspected.
State Lunacy , Commission Holds • Its
Regular Quarterly Meeting
at Agnew.
DISCUSS THE NEEDS
OF VARIOUS ASYLUMS
Captain A. C. Freese. ex-Public
Administrator, found a small boy in
tatters at Meiggs wharf yesterday af
ternoon and took compassion on him.
He put him In a buggy and drove him
to the Central Police Station. He
gave Policeman J. B. Collins S3 to
purchase an outfit for the boy. The
youngster was taken to the City
Prison and after he got a bath 'he was
rigged out in his new clothes. He said
his name was Willie P. Dale, but
could not tell where he lived. About
an hour later -his mother, who Ilvesy
at 363 Minna street, called at the!
prison for him. She said he and his |
elder brother went out yesterday i
morning and Willie would not return
honte. . He had good clothes at home
and wore them when necessary.
Small Boy Is In Luck.
Restrictions Are Closer on Deer Hunt
ins and Bag Limits of Birds
Is Reduced.
SAXTA ROSA. Sept- 15. — The
Board of Supervisors have adopted a
new ordinance, effective October 1, re
garding game. The open season for
deer is changed from July 15 and Sep
tcmixrr 1 to Auffust 1 and October 1,
making it a month later in closing
and two weeks longer than formerly.
The bag limit of birds is cut down
from fifty to twenty-five per day. to
cause market hunters to cease their
depredations.
The former game ordinance was de
clared invalid by Judge Prewett of
Placer Countr because it discriminat
ed in favor of Soncma County resi
dents. It provided that came killed
in Sonoma County could not be sold
outside the county, but it could be dis
posed of within the county. This was
held to be a discrimination.
The article concludes with the state
ment that foreign critics agree that
there has been no practical result of
the great battles and that there wilt
be another as great or greater. The
paper admonishes the Russian people
to wait with- patience for the inevit
able Russian triumph.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 16. — In
the course of a long review of the
battle of Liaoyang the Novosti says:
"The world is just beginning to re
alize how little tangible result ac
crued to the Japanese from the 'bril
liant victories' so exultantly announc
ed and widely acclaimed at Tokio. The
real result was shown by the immedi
ate fall of Japanese stocks in the mar
kets of the world. Field Marshal
Oyama is now endeavoring to reor
ganize his exhausted army, but it will
be a long time before he encompasses
a Russian Sedan."
STILL HOPES FOR VICTORY.
Russian Newspaper Advises Populace
to Be Patient.
SOXO31A ADOPTS A
NEW GA3IE ORDINANCE
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 15. —
Pledging themselves to abide by the
decision of the Republican National
Convention until it is 'reversed by the
Supreme Court, 147 of Governor La
Follette's most prominent . followers
have signed a letter which they have
sent to Chairman George B. Cortelyou
of the Republican National Commit
tee, declaring, that all questions af
frcting the unity and regularity of the
party must necessarily be submitted
to the highest political tribunal for
settlement, and that such settlement
will be accepted by all good Repub
licans unless it be found at variance
with the decision of the courts.
Governor La Follette's Followers
Write to Chairman Cortelyou.
WILL STAND BY PARTY.
Frederick Tobelmann was found
guilty of murder in the first degree
last night' by a Jpry. in the courtroom
of Judge Dunne." The jury recom
mended tlftit the murderer pay .the
penalty of his brutal crime with im
prisonment for life. The Jurors were
out four hours and the verdict was
only reached after much deliberation.
Some • of the jurors held out for the
death penalty, but were finally com
pelled; for the sajce of a verdict, to
acquiesce to a life imprisonment ver
dict. Tobelmann will be sentenced
September 24. --*, ;
Tobelmann shot his wife on the aft
ernoon of April 1 at the home of her
brother-in-law ,at 608 *~ Minna street.
Four bullets entered her body and she
was taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital, where she died the next day.
The murderer called at the hospital
shortly after the shooting and Inform*
ed the doctor there that his wife had
shot herself, but the woman, before
she' died, accused her husband and he
was placed under arrest.
Some of the Jurors Objected to Death
: Penalty and Forced Life Im
- ... prisonment Verdict.
Board of Trade Will Endeavor to Se
cure the State Fair for Sea
side City.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 15. — Work has
been commenced on the new race
track In East Santa Cruz. The track
lies between Soquel avenue and De
Laveaga Heights.
An effort is to be made by the
Board of Trade to get the State Fair
here. The Board of Trade also fixed
September 26 as Odd Fellows' day
during the Grand Encampment-
WORK BEGINS ON THE .
SANTA CRCZ RACETRACK
MURDER IN FIRST DEGREE
CHARGED TO TOBELMANN
Eugene Weber, a watchmaker, re
siding at 100 McAllister street, died in
the Lane Hospital yesterday from the
effects of a' fractured skull. Deputy
Coroner Charles . Meehan. who went
out for the body, was unable to learn
how Weber's injury had been re
ceived. He was informed by the per
sons in charge of the Central Emer
gency Hospital that Weber had been
brought there by Policeman Jacob
son or Jaikson or Jenkins, they really
couldn't say which. Then the deputy
went to Weber's home and It was
flatly denied that any accident had
happened there. The Coroner has
passed the matter up fb the police, to
find whether Weber was the victim of
an accident or a murder.'
Dies In Hospital From Fractured
Skull and Coroner Cannot Learn
How It Happened.
MYSTERIOUS DEATH OF
WATCHMAKER WEBER
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 15.— A
thief sneaked into the Elks' clubroom
this afternoon, broke open Secreary
Armstrong's desk and stole $81 or more
of the lodke's funds, which had been
collected during the day and had not
yet been turned over to the treasurer.
"The theft was discovered at 1:30 i p.
rn., but not the slightest clew was
found. On two previous occasions,
some two or three weeks ago, .vandals
entered the rooms during the noon
hour, while the Japanese attendant
was away, and cut and' slashed the
fine leather chairs and other leathered
upholstered furniture.
The Elks are indignant and the po
lice are nonplused, but incline to .'the
opinion that the damage to the furni
ture and theft are the work of a
maniac Sensational developments are
looked forward to In the near future,
as money will not be spared to detect
and punish the guilty person.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ELKS LOOKING
FOR A THIEF
Departments Are Consolidated and
Management Proposes Many
New Plans.
PORTLAND. Ort. Sept- 15. — Within
the next few days a circular will be
Issued announcing the appointment of
Richard Koehler, formerly manager
of the Southern Pacific lines in Ore
gon, purchasing agent for the South
ern Pacific-Oregon Railroad and Nav
igation system in Oregon.
The office of purchasing agent of
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company formerly occupied by F. G.
Wheeler has been abolished, together
•with the o22i_-e of manager of the
Southern Pacific lines in Oregon. The
entire management of the consolidat
ed lines has been placed in the hands
of E. E. Calvin. General Manager
Calvin has prepared and submitted to
the executive board plans for many
changes in the operating system of
the roads, the changes recommended
affecting every department-
RAILROAD CHANGES
MADE ON OREGON LINES
"On the currency question hg Is
wrong, but you don't have to get out
a search warrant to determine where
he stands. My God, I wish I could say
the same of David B. Hill and Alton
B. Parker."
SOUTH BEND, Ind., Sept. 15.— At the
Auditorium Theater in this city to
night Speaker Cannon of the national
House of Representatives began a cam
paign which he will wage from this
time until election day in the .close
Congressional districts of the country-
The large theater was filled to its ut
most capacity and the speaker was re
ceived with enthusiastic cheers.
Cannon discussed at length the va
rious issues of the campaign, but gave
his esaecial attention to the tariff and
trusts, contending, with reference to
the former, that the Republican^ policy
of protection Is the only safeguard of
American Interests and, concerning the
latter, that the action of the President
is an unmistakable index of the atti
tude of the Republican party.
Cannon declared that the Republican
party asked only to be judged by its
fruits and thus tested he was willing
to let the people pass upon the official
acts of the President. The speaker re
ferred to Bryan In terms of praise,
saying that his "feet are in the soil."
Speaker Talks of Tariff and Trusts to
Biff Audience.
CANNON OPENS CAMPAIGN.
Benson knocked Mrs. Courtney
down near the Sailors' Home, at the
lower end of Harrison street. Brutal
ly kicking her, he demanded her
purse. Her cries attracted the atten
tion of a fireman who was passing,
and, as he ran toward her, he blew his
police whistle. Benson ran Into the
yard of the Sailors' Home, where he
was captured by the policeman and
booked at the Harbor police station.
John Benson was arrested last night
by Policeman H. C. Schmitt Imme
diately after he had attempted to rob
a woman, named Mrs. Courtney, on
Harrison street. Schmltt answered
the woman's screams and by his time
ly arrival captured the would-be rob
ber.
John Benson Attempts Robbery, but
Is Prevented by Policeman
H. C. Schmltt.
Increased taxation.
'By the same authority." the Dally
Telegraph's representative says, "I am |
told that Japan will be prepared to
¦entertain peace proposals after she has
taken Mukden and Saghalien on the
following basis: ¦]" '_-_,
"First— That an international syndi
cate take over the Manchurian Rail
way and run it as a strictly commer
cial enterprise; second, that Russia
pay 100.000,000 pounds indemnity, and
third, that" Russia is to hand over all
of her ships in Chinese waters to Jap
an. Japan would be prepared to lease
Saghalien to an American company for
five million pounds."
The correspondent at Toklo of the
Standard says that the Japanese Cab
inet is now considering a scheme of
military finance to be submitted at the
next session of the Diet; which involves
Mikado Will Entertain Proposals
After Port Arthur's Capture.
LONDON. Sept. 16.— The Daily Tele
graph's Tientsin correspondent tele
graphs that he hears from a trus't-'
worthy source that the Japnese For
eign Minister has issued a circular an
nouncing that it -is v Japan's intention
to turn Port Arthur, when it is cap
tured, and the whole of the Liaotung
Peninsula, over to the Chinese, who,
the correspondent says. It is under
stood, will declare Port Arthur an open
pert.
JAPAN'S PEACE TERMS.
Colonel French was busy with a
camera from the time he left San
Francisco for London until he return
ed and he Illustrated his address very
entertainingly with stereopticon views.
I* showed the marching Salvationists
in the parade of 70.000 men and wom
en that was reviewed by General
Booth and many other interesting
views gathered on his travels. The
International Congress told of the
wonderful stride the army has made
in its thfrty-eight years of existence,
anjKin his lecture Colonel French
made this point strong and built
high hopes for the future.
Colonel George French, provincial
officer of the Salvation Army for the
Pacific Coast and Hawaii, delivered a
lecture last evening at Congress Hall.
1271 Mission street,, on the. work of
the International Congress of the Sal
vation Army* that was in session In
London last, July. Colonel French,
with twenty-five other representatives
from the Pacific Coast, attended the
great gathering of religious workers
from all parts of the world. His lec
ture last night was the first of a se
ries" that will be given in various halls
about the city. . . . J-
Tells of Work of International Gath
ering In London of Religions
Workers.
THUG BEATS WOMAN
ON HARRISON STREET
COLOXEIi FRENCH
. OX SALVATION* CONGRESS
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 15. — Gen
eral. Kuropatkin telegraphs that there
was no fighting on Wednesday. The
general says strong detachments of
Japanese cavalry have advanced three
miles north of the Yentai station.
Japanese Cavalry Advances.
Captain Donvig asserts that tests
have proved the absolute safety of
those who have trusted themselves to
the globe. Any number up to sixteen
persons have only to climb into the
globe, close the manholes and, without
fear, wait for their vessel to sink. No
matter how great th"e suction, he says,
the globe will bob up serenely and
right side up. and thereafter It will be
merely a question of waiting for an
other vessel to come along and pick
them up.
One globe brought to America by
Captain Donvlg arrived on the Touralne
last Saturday and was unloaded to-day.
Captain Donvig's globe Is large
enough to hold sixteen persons, and Is
provisioned and watered to supply this
number of passengers for one month.
It is so designed that there appears to
those who have seen It no reason why
It should not be able to keep afloat for
an indefinite time.
NEW YORK, Sept. .15.— "Suppose a
ship on which you are a passenger is
sunk by another vessel. All you would
have to do would be to jump into the
life-saving globe, and even if you were
adrift a month you would be able to
say truthfully that your voyage had
merely been pleasantly prolonged."
Captain J. 21. Donvlg, inventor of the
globe life-saver, who thus expressed his
confidence In it. will explain his devlc©
to the Navy Department in Washing
ton to-morrow and will ask that an
exhaustive test be made of its merits.
It has been tried on Norwegian vessels
and on a few ships flying the French
flag.
Special Dispatch tpThe Call.
MUKDEN, Sept. 16.— The panicky
conditions prevailing immediately after
the battle of Liaoyang have entirely
disappeared in the Russian army now
concentrating here. Business has been
resumed and the j city is quiet. The
Russo-Chinese Bank has reopened. :
The failure of the Japanese to ; fol
low up the advantage gained at Liao
yang has caused surprise Tiere. An in
dependent authority, who accompanied
the rear guard from the positions south
of Liaoyang to Mukden, says that this
failure Is accounted for by the fac.t
that the Japanese lost 40,000 klllsd and
wounded in one day's fighting and that
they were too tired to continue the
advance.
The Japanese are reported to be In
trenched around Liaoyang and to have
repaired the bridge over the Taitse
River.
Twelve thousand soldiers wounded at
Liaoyang have been treated at the Red
Cross Hospital here. «
Each One Is Capable of
Carrying 16 Passengers
and a Month's Supplies
TESTS
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 15.— The
Emperor has "received a dispatch from
Viceroy Alexieff conveying the follow
ing:: ; ¦ "..' .
"A dispatch from Yakutsk, Eastern
Siberia, dated August 13, says the
Kommander Islands, off the coast of
-Kamchatka, has been besieged by Jap
anese and British schooners and steam
ships up _to July 28. Two of these
schooners and the steamships were
armed with guns. In driving them off
ten Japanese were killed and many
wounded. We sustained no loss.
"Near Kamchatka five Japanese fish
ing schooners have been burned. Their
crews were annihilated. ,
"The Japanese announced the annex
ation of the territory and proclaimed
It a Japanese protectorate. They were
subsequently captured Dy 120 Russian
reserves.
"Kamchatka remains true to her old
traditions. The inhabitants have taken
up arms and are ready to shed their
blood for their faith, their Czar and
their fatherland."
The Kommander Islands are the Is
lands for whose protection against
these very expeditions , arrangements
were made by Russia with Great Brit
ain and the United States.
An official report has also been re
ceived of the -landing of a Japanese
force of 150 naval reserve men on the
west' coast of Kamchatka, who de
clared the sovereignty of Japan over
the peninsula, but were afterward de
feated by a Russian force.
NAGASAKI, Sept. 16.— *A British
sailing: vessel, supposed to be the
British bark Lucia, struck a mine re
cently off 'Port Arthur. Only one per
son of those on board was rescued. It
is considered probable that the vessel
was running the blockade. .
One Jfan Is Saved.
Hits a Mine Off Port Arthur and Only
BRITISH BARK' SUNK.
DEVICE STANDS
Russian Army Getting
Over Its Panicky ;
Condition/
It is" taken for granted here that
there will soon be news of importance
from Port Arthur, since the Japanese
throughout the war have to
alternate their attentions between the
beleaguered, fortress and the Russian
army toward the north. It thus ap
pears that it Is Port Arthur's turn to
keep up the excitement, while Field
Marshal Oyama is preparing for the
fall campaign.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 16.— The
view taken at Mukden that there is
not likely to be a resumption of fight
ing in that Immediate locality for a
month is regarded here as probably
correct. It can hardly be expected that
much actual news will develop in Cen
tral Manchuria for some time to come
and attention Is now turning" toward
Port Arthur, where, as General Stoes
sel's latest report indicates, the Japan
ese are gathering strength for another
spring .at the fortress.
on the margin of the petition In his
"I thank you sincerely, and hope
that - your wishes I may be fully real
ized." ¦' ¦¦;;•¦¦• ' •-
LONG BEACH, Wash.. Sept. 15.—
Fanned by a strong north wind and free
Lu run their course because of lack of
fire fighting ar j/aratus, flames this
evening destroyed "The Breakers,"
one of the finest cummer hotels on the
JCorth Pacific coast- Nearly all of the
contents of the hotel were also de
stroyed, but hard work on the part of
the volunteer firemen from Long Beach
and Ilwaco prevented the' loss of out
buildings and neighboring houses. A '-
The hotel Was burned to the ground]
entailed a Ios3 estimated at $67,000.
The fire is said to have started in the
kitchen, nnd is supposed to have been
the result of defective stove arrange
ments. There were no gruests at the
hotel, the season having ended.
House Was Without Guests
and Blaze Is Believed to
Have Started From a Flue
?
»
HAVE THE OUTBUfLDINGS
Finest Summer Hotel on the
North Pacific Coast Is
' BurnJMl to the Ground
Donvig ? s Life-Saving: Globe
Insures Safety of Those
Aboard Wrecked Vessels
Japanese Gathering Strength for a Final
Attack on the Fortress.
Kommander Islands Reported, Besieged by
British and Japanese Vessels.
Fighting Not Yet Re
sumed North of
Liaoyang.
ROBS THE SEA
OF ITS VICTIMS
FIRE DESTROYS
THE BREAKERS
RUSSIA AWAITS THE NEWS OF PORT ARTHUR ASSAULT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, '/SEPTEMBER 16, 1904.
_ Cameras. 1 photographic supplies, print
ins and developing at lowest prices. San
born. Vail ¦&, Co.. ".741 Market 1 street.* • ¦
3
__*_'_-; _ ADV^RT1SE31ENT^^^^^^^^ fJuuvinnnn . www^.
I MO Here Buys a
y-^^^^^^^^S^SBk^r^'-^-^ Ten doIlars bu y s these g arments in our
' f- ; Vv'i\;/||| K^^^^Pk^^/"* store ' and the q ualit y of the s° ods is ths same
'• %— • '•••JUl^f :M|BBi''^' ; as you will find marked at $12.50 elsewhere.
. (nk* / *:^f|-*M ¦ W^^^^^EwP^ •¦ Every garment is our make. We are the
Ifctitfffi^m^'th IP^^^^HSS^^^^ ever y d o llar ' s worth of clothing we sell.
Q\f.h : i;/iZ^-%.\. ':fk W^^^^^0^m Bu y from the makers— save twenty-five
K7m-&:M \3i '• Snits: Single-breasted as pictured; material
|;-/^|;|:^;;|^ r ;:3j^ " I^^^S^» — blue cheviots and serges, fancy mixed
;^-';||-]nVS' t /%^9^ CS^^^BS cheviots and black thibets; latest fall cut: com-
£r':£ -UyM ||;j!;$ & P lete assortment of all sizes; price $10.
&'-£ '!'••' ; 'fe Overcoats: Top coats of covert cloth,
" i;/-'fe : ¦ t|f||fg|jf ;•: knee length; Chesterfields in various lengths
f''M':-V:M'M^ SSS^Ki below the knee, in an assortment of many
•' ,/-v^-'- : '|y ¦"• ' • 'U-I:V(% •¦'-¦ IKSj wii ' Cravenettes: Made of genuine Priestley
eAf; ;.fh\ ' B. : S : :t\l Iff Wl cravenette cloth, every yard stamped with
?0'?fi- *f • "".' % J-'Wfv |M 111 .Priestley's trade mark; 50-inch coats in dark
j^-'/'f- r *-• •IRvl^lil^^'' ¦'! ¦•vJlHMP^^i''^' Views Free: With any purchase a free
" V '^^^T* : ) 'W^'W^M-i photo of one of the Knights Templar illumina-
;.-;';^. .,,..;,/,. '..'*.'.J. : ¦ tions; fhe pictures retail at 50c. _.
Silk undcrbrim hats In black, pearl I \Llf\f\ t!\ *c* /Y* I Special for F rlday and Saturday
and tan; cannot be duplicated In G^./\l*Wl II III A) B 1 l> only-English squares, all silk
value elsewhere for less than W /^ scarfs, regular 7^c value, on sale
:$2.5O;our price ls$l.95. , Market Street ! for these two days at 35c. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HJ Cut the Can ||
gj|| and compare the quality of gp
p| Brand II
II Evaporated m
|I (Qrean? M
rJMwih any cf its Imitations. R8J
fig| Not* the differencs. See how jgS
\'~H| cmocth and appetizing . our Map
I |B product is, owing to its S
IfS k^vy cor.sislsncs, which Ss»
J. B keep: the butter fat equally Egf
(gS <Iistributcd, in contrast with Kjf
nS the cheap and thin irnita- fist^
>C££j5 ter fat to rise and form
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
'|S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IKV1GORA-
• tor and Ifiiilm. .
Tfc* «ao«t wonderful aphrodUUc and Special
Tonic lor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican n/medy for Uiseacc* of th»
Kidney* and iiUdd'r. SHU «n 1U own merit*.
NAEER. AL.KS * SRCXE.- Acent™ -
iCS Vcrliei at^ a. F. — (jjtnj tor CtrcU*.**.)OAKLAND. SepL 16.— The mem
bers of the local carmen's union -are
planning an outing, which will be
held at Iddra'Park on Saturday, Sep
tember 17. An extensive ' programme,
which includes • races , and outdoor
sport* * and a' baseball game, has been
arranged.' 'There will be daocinr both
afternoon a$»d evening.
Carmen '^o Hold Outing.
' .Burglars entered' Silva & Nunes' 1 sa
loon, 674 Broadway, -last : night and
stole whisky, cigars and tobacco.
.'¦; ' Edward •Watson,'" 1 9 " years ; : old, - was
arrested to-day and ¦ charged with.bur
glary. , Watson * la accused of . stealing
clothes , from r Smith's .' dye -works, 410
Twelttfc«ix0eV ; ' .
OAKLAND, Sept 15.— James Ma
heney,~ a. Southern r Pacific Company
employe, has complained to the" police
that $115 was stolen' from him at his
bunkhouse at Concord.
Thieves at Work.
Oakland • Revolver Club Banquet.
OAKLAND, Sept 1 5.— The Oakland
Revolver/ Club held 'its .- first annual
banquet at the Hotel Metropole last
night and a special feature of the en
tertainment ,was the unique table dec-,
orations, which -of revolvers
and pistols ,of every type and pattern.
Some of > the firearms .were more than
SOO^years-old. -Addresses "were. made
by ' Dr. Dudley Smith, . St. . Clair Hodg
klns, F: V. Kington," Dr. J. M. Stalder^
Dr. "~ C. ¦ H. Wilder and ; George Neece.
After the the; following of
ficers -were elected: : President, ¦ J. R.
Trego;; vice " president,. A. B." Saurman;
shooting: master;- J. A. McDonald; di
rectors, * . J. .'/A. • . Vandergrif t, . > .E. :¦: . P.
ywep-p- juxd *.W«- B»> Goodbunw :- "• : <
OAKLAND, Sept. 15. — Accused of
stealing 10 cents from E.,S. Sinai, a
peddler, residing. at 267 Sixth street,
J. F. 'O'Connor and J. C. Baxter have
been charged at the City Prison with
robbery. Sinai said he was driving
home last night from Point Richmand
when the. men accosted' him,' declaring
they .were detectives. The peddler
asserted', the pair took the dime, all
the money he had, and compelled him
under penalty. of death to drive them
Into Oakland. Sinai attracted the- at
tention of Patrolman . Fenton ¦ Thomp
son and Special -Policeman Sprague.
;who arrested the men.
Two Men Arrested and Charged With
Robbery by Peddler who Lost i
Ten Cents.
SAYS HIGHWAYMAN TOOK
A DIME AS PLUNDER
.OAKLAND, Sept^l5.-^-The funeral
of J. H.Sheilds,' the Veil known own
er and trainer, of "race" horses, - was
held to-duy from the- late residence of
the deceased, 875';, Jackson street.
"Curley" ...Shejlds, ;", as * he*, .was best
known on the tifrf, * died at Chicago
from heart > disease' "and his remains
were ; sent to this city,' for interment at
Mountain ; View :, Cemetery, v .
v Deceased leaves a wife and one son.
: Among the^ well, known . horsemen
and .sporting -men who" attended the
funeral .were j Richard Havey,
McGraw^Dave: Mulqueeny, Tom \Mul
queeny,; Frank O'Kane, H. E. . Magill
and Eddie -. Care.v. . : '.- ', ,. "
Remains of Well Known Owner and
. •' Trainer of Race . Horses Are ->'/[
Laid "in; Tomb. .
OLD FRIENDS' PAY LAST
RESPECTS TO SHEILDS
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: George A.
Shearer, 33, San Francisco, and Sara
J. Russell, 33, Los Angeles; Roy R.
Begga, 24, San Francisco, and The
resa . H. Johnson, .22," Llvermore; Al
bert Re.eder, 21, and Hilda Johnson,
23, both of Oakland; Wolfgang E.-E.
paumgart, over 20, and Martha L".
Sinram, over 18,- bothvof Oakland;
John P. -Williams Jr., over. 21, San
Leandro, and Belle -Rose, over 18,
Lafayette; Harry .Kellogg, "19, and
Mildred Corlew,. 18, both of San
Francisco; Walter J. Kell, 23, and
Bertha L. Norman, 19, both- of San
Francisco.
Mnrriage Licenses.
Hiffh School Track Meet.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15. — The track
athletes of the Oakland High School
are training hard for the approaching
track meet with Santa Rosa High
School, which takes place on Satur
day,. September 24. The local team
has not yet been selected, but Tracli
Captain Channing Hall has plenty of
pood material from which to pick men
for the . various events.
Democrats Organize Committee.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15. — The Demo
cratic County Central Committee was
organized -this evening and M. J. Lay
mance was elected chairman, A. F. SL
Sure of Alameda was elected vice
chairman and L J. Muma secretary
and treasurer, •¦
The executive and finance commit
tees were also , elected, one , delegate
from each Assembly district being
named to act on each of these com
mittees. VflfiV,;";.-
The delegates chosen were: Execu
tive committee — Forty-sixth District,
J. -. . P. Tormey; . 'Forty-seventh, '.>A-
F. St. Sure; Forty-eighth, I. J. Muma;
Forty-ninth, W. E. Gibson; Fiftieth,
A. T. McDonough; Fifty-first, B.. F.
Stetson; Fifty-second, Clyde E. -Ab
bott. ..
¦ In the same order the members 'of
the finance committee are: M. G.
Callaghan: T. C. Stoddard. W\ B.
White,. J. C. Bullock, A. Borland. J.
H. Reilly and F. W. Munday.
HAY WARDS, Sept. 15.— H. Haus
childt, whose .jewelry store here has
twice been entered by burglars. within
the' past six weeks, has once more
been selected as a-victim. This time,
however, the burglar entered the-jew
eler's residence and succeeded in get
ting away with considerable property.
Again Victim of Bursrlars.
OAKLAND, Sept. ' 1.5^Pred Me-.
Laughlin and Edward Cotter, aged re
spectively 19 and IS years, were ar
rested at . Elmhurst to-night by Con
stable Cramer" and brought to the
County Jail,- where they were charged
with burglary; It Is alleged that the
young men broke into Hopkins * &
Batsfo'rd's grocery, on the San
Leandro road, on the night of Septem
ber 5 and stole between $70 and $80
from the cash register. Cotter was
formerly employed as a clerk at the
store which was robbed. The parents
of both. young men. reside at Elm
hurst. Cotter .was released this even
ing on bonds; :
Robbed Former Employer.
Young Musician Dead.
OAKLAND. Sept- 15.— Charlew Mar
ten.' one of the well known " "musical
Martens." died Tuesday at the homo,
of his parents, 462 Twelfth street.
aged 20 years. The young man had
been HI with consumption for nearly
six months. " "
Frank R. Pereira. aged 77\j$arSJ
died- yesterday at his home . in: San'
Pablo. The deceased , was one of the
best known ranchers -in. Contra, Costa
County, having resided at San- PaWo
for nearly half a century. He leaves
a wife and several children.
Fire . may be a goqd servant— 1£ th«
stock is overinsured. • . •
Reports of Officers Show That the In
stitution Is In Excellent
Condition.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15. — The mem
bers_of Alameda" County Circle "of the
king's Daughters^ by whom the-King's
Daughters" Home for Incurables ' is
supported, held their ahnuul meeting
yesterday afternoon in the parlors of
the institution and elected the follow
ing directors for the ensuing year:
Mrs. Matilda Brown. Mrs. A. J. McKnlght,
Mrs. A. H. Hill». Mrs. C. C. Clay, Mre. T. A.
Williams, Mrs. Susan Chapman, Mrs. Henry L.
Carson, Mrs. F. H. Lawton, Mr». R. I. Jesmer.
Mrs. J. W. Scott and Mrs. J. A. Epangler.
After an interesting address, by the
president of the board. Mrs. Matilda
Brown, Mrs. Nellie C. Craft, treasurer
of the home, submitted the following
report for the year just closed: V ,•
Cash on hand fiept. 1, 1903... $1,285 09
Received fxom secretary 19,827 05
Received from transfer of funds 219 02
Received from rebates on vouchers. . . 09 25
Received from advances from president.- 392 00
Total .....$21,782 41
Paid 'during the year on vouchers:
Pay roll* $4,906 C5
General fund 7,655 '64
Building fund ; 219 02
Taxes 137 12
Lord's ' fund .; ¦ 080 30
On special deposit 7,166 50
Advanced by president :., 392 00
Cash on hand Sept. 1, 1904.... 725 18
Total $21,782 41
State of finances Sept. 1, 1904 :
Cash on hand $725 18
On special deposit In Oakland Bank
of Savings 8,256 97
Block of land, buildings,' furniture,
etc.," estimated 20,000 00
Total .$28,982 15
Respectfully submitted, - '
| MRS. NELLIE C. CRAFT.
DDRECTOIIS ; OF THE KINGL's"
DAUGHTERS' HOME ELECTED
The Roosevelt bird went a-visltlng last night
and to-day Mr. and' Mrs." Cushman (Olive
Reed) are rejoicing over the advent of a son.
Their Uttle daughter is now 2 years old, and,
encouraged by her. grandfather, Charles Reed,
lias an excellent ' opinion i of ¦ her j small . self.
When •; she rfrst heard her new 'brother's not
very lusty Vail she scornfully. . remarked/ "I
can cry better than that!" \
Mrs. M. F. Jordan .wus hostess to-day at a
pleasant affair, he* guests enjoying several
pames of five hundred. ..The players included
Mrs. Melvin C. Chapman, Mrs. George W.
Kelley, Mrs. J. ' E. Farnhem, Mrs. R. H.
Auerbach, Mrs. Roy Thrall Guppy, Misi ,Wln
n'e McFarland. Mrs. Edwin C. Morrison, ; Mrs.
Welles Whitmore, Mrs. J. R. Scupham, Mrs.
J. E. McElrath. Mrs. C. B. Parcella. Mrn.
William Noyes. Mrs. William H. Creed, Mrs.
It. A. Summers, Mrs.' F. T. . McHenry, Mrs.
W. S. Baxter, Mrs. Giles Gray, Mrfl. George
B. Gray, Mlss v Mabcl Gray; Mrs. ¦ E. C. Tim
merman, Mrs. William R, Davis, Mrs. C. W.
Klnseyand Mrs.J. C. Wilson.
Plans for the gext Ebell day are full of
promise. . Members, of the Nineteenth Cen
tury Literature Section will . be the hostesses
and the programme will consist of selections,
musical and poetical, from Goethe's "Faust.".
Professor Albln Putzker of the State Uni
versity will give an address on the day's sutf-
Ject, which is sure to be entertaining as well
as Instructive. ¦ The programme .will be varied
with instrumental , and vocal gems from
Gounod's famous opera. ¦ Mrs. Charles F.
Mau will . be chief hostess next Tuesday : and
will be assisted by other members of the sec
tion, including. Mrs. Wallace • Evereon, Mrs.
E. C. von Helms, Mrs. C. E. Judeon. Mrs: E.
M. Hall Jr., Mrs. Irving Lewis, Mrs. W. D.
Oelette, Mrs C. B. Higby. Mrs. H. II. Powell,
Miss Benton. Miss Morgan, Miss Schlund, Mrs.
K. U. Benjamin, Mrs. L. Ghirardelll, Mrs.
Alfred T. Eastland. Mrs. • Willard F. Wil
liamson and Mrs. S.'.-W. Chubbuek.
The latest to surprise her friends by flash
ing a ring on that Important third finger is
Miss Carolyn "Williamson, whose engagement
to William Griffiths Deal of San Francisco
was announced to-day. The announcement
was made at a luncheon given by her sister
in-law, Mrs. Willard Forsythe Williamson. In
honor of two other pretty young- brides — Miss
May Youns and Miss Ieabelle Kendall. Miss
Young weds Dr. McXab next Tuesday and
Miss Kendall is to be a November bride.
Miss Williamson is a daughter of Mrs. M.
B. Williamson of this city and Is an attractive
girl of > the pure blonde type. Her fiance Is
a graduate of Stanford University and also
of Hastings Law College, and Is prominent
in club and ¦ fraternity circles.
Mrs. Williamson's artistic little Linda Vista
home presented a charming scene during the
luncheon -to ; day, the guests being Miss Young
and Mias. Kendall, Mlas Bertha Young, Mrs.
Conrad von Hamm. Miss Lillian Moller, Mias
Carolyn Oliver, the Misses Deal, Miss Anita
Oliver. Miss Edith Beck. Miss Elizabeth Fill
more, Miss Lucretia Burnham, • Mrs. George
Williamson and Miss . Williamson,
OAKLAND,' Sept. 15. — Though the organizer
and head of a union that has flourished since
Adam monopolized the apple trade in Eden,
Cupid has never been known to "strike," but
evidently taken great pleasure in working
overtime and "results" are apparent every
day.
Engagements follow clone on the heels of
other engagements and we no sooner recover
from one surprise than we are agape over
another. When one sees all the charming
girls In the local smart set it really ought
not. to be surprising that the little god >,'
love ' has a new victory to announce each
day. He has a sinecure here. A man must
be blind or stony hearted not to' succumb
sooner or later to one of the many captivating
Oakland maids. . •
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
.The music for ihe half -hour of music rtext
Sunday afternoon in the Greek Theater will be
contributed by the University Orchestra and
the Glee Club. . Knights Templar remaining
in San Francisco" are the especially Invited
guests for the occasion.
Raglan Tuttle, president of the senior class,:
has made: the following appointments for the
senior assembly: Manager, J. M. Wolfsohn;
arrangements, O. B. Gillson. D. P. ' Boothe,
Miss Flora Frlckstad, Miss Ethel Richardson;
reception, -. A. C.' Keane, Miss Edith Wllcox,'
Miws Grace . Jarvis,. Oliver Orrlck ; and ,E. C.
Baker. The first assembly will take place in
about two weeks in Hearst Hall.
BERKELEY. Sept. 15. — There Is trouble
brewing among the students at the University
of California Just now, and all because the word
has gttne out ' that no member of this year's
freshman class will be permitted to enter the,
cadet regiment unless he purchases a brand
new uniform. This means that second-hand
uniforms are taboo and that a hardship will
not only be worked on ' students who cannot
afford to lay out $17 for a new uniform but
also upon those who have already purchased
the used clothes. That Is why a bis protest is
under way. ,¦
The order is that all cadets must have their
uniforms made by the military tailors. Litch
fleld &. Co., of Sari Francisco. An amount of
money covering . the cost of the uniform- will
be deposited with the secretary of the uni
versity immediately after admission.
Professor E. W. Hilgard, dean of the Col
lege of Agriculture and director of the United
States Experiment Station, will preside at the
university meeting in Harmon Gymnasium to
morrow morning, filling the offibe usually per
formed -ty President "Wheeler, who has gone to
Br>. Louis to be present at the International
Congress of Arts and Sciences.
The measurements of 155 new <ivuble stars'
discovered by Astronomer Altken are contained
In el bulletin liwued from Lick Observatory to
day, • making 800 of these heavenly curiosities
located and described by this observer. The
components of TS per cent of these double stars*
are separated - by less than two seconds of an
arc, the. distance in thirteen instances being
less than a quarter "of one second of arc. The
list contains two stars visible to the naked eye
and closer components to five double stars cata
logued by earlier observers.
OAKLAND SOCIETY
.But, while I am now : on . the ' borders of
milllonairedom. I find that whatever gratifica
tion 1 may feel is temjiered with the regret of
a writer and a Californian— the first that It
was made throuRh sources other than my pen,
and the second that It was made In the oil
of trade from a level plain Instead of through
the gold of my beloved California hills.
It is not often that ' a poet , steps from the
most ordinary of circumstances to wealth, and
I am wondering what I wJU do with bo much
money. I shall use it for my fellow-man, and
for my friends : who occasionally come to me
at my llttlo place on the tops of the Oakland
hills.
I . have been * informed that oil has been
found In and around the land that I have held
in Texas for eo many- years . and I am sup
posed toj>e worth a treat deal of money. At
If it st this is what they, tell me from the place
where- the' land is located. There are Texas
gusher.i all around there and a Texas gusher,
I -believe, spouts wealth In the' shape of the
oil of commerce. , ' ¦ v
Now the poet is wondering what he
will do with his newly acquired wealth
and he is lamenting that his fortune
came through sources other than his
beloved pen.
This is the information that reached
Mr. Miller within the last few days at
his home at. "The Heights," back of
Oakland. Many years ago Mr. Miller
secured some land In Texas. It, pro
duced little and aside from the annual
demands from the tax collector Mr.
Miller heard little from it. But now
comes the story that'oil has been struck
in. and around the land and the poet is
figuring on a trip to Texas to see what
he has and Just how much he Is worth.
He savs:' *- •
OAKLAND, Sept. 15.— From /poet to
millionaire, that is the position in
which 'Joaquin Miller, the "Poet of the
Sierras," finds himself, but it is be
cause of oil, not poetry. While the
man of meter and verse has been gain-
Ing a livelihood, but only a livelihood,
by the use of his pen he has in reality
been a small edition of John D. Rocke
feller and did not know it. ...
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Sept. 15. — Averse to
breaking up a home. Judge Ogden
this evening refused Mabel C. Bing
ham a divorce from Herbert Bingham
on the ground of cruelty and intem
perance, fc'he testified that as business
agent for the Building Trades Council
in Denver, Colo., Bingham used to
t-cme home nightly with more liquor
aboard lhan he was able to carry re
ppectably and treated her in a shame
ful manner. She decided to leave him
and came to San Francisco, later to
Oakland, but with the promise that he
¦would reform she gave him another
trial. She says that he was soon as
bad as ever and she finally followed out
her original' "determination of secur
ing a. divorce. Her charges were de
nied by Bingham. Judge Ogden held
that the wife had not thoroughly
established her case, as after condon
ing her husband's conduct in Denver
the could not interpose his actions
there' as a part^of her case.
An interlocutory decree of divorce
was granted Nanny de Bretteville
from C. L. V. de Bretteville to-day on
the ground of desertion. He was or
dered to pay $20 a month as support
lor his daughter-
Manuel A. Mansebo was granted a
divorce from Mary Mansebo "on the
gTound of extreme cruelty.
Mary Gomes secured a divorce ffom
Manuel J. Gomes on the ground of
cruelty.
Sylvia R. Oyarzo was granted a di
vorce to-day from Joseph M. Oyarzo
on the ground of willful neglect and
•was granted the custody of the two
children, ,
An interlocutory decree of divorce
¦was filed to-day in accordance to an
oral decree granted Harry Richards
from Elsie Fawcett Richards. . .
liam la Denied a Divorce^ — Others
Are More Fortunate.
After Two Days" Trial Mabel C. Bing-
MISMATED COUPLES
STRIVE FOR FREEDOM
Enforcement of the new law re
quiring regulation of maternity homes
and asylums for children has been
commenced by the board.
\ In case • the city should place the
work on a paid basis Dr. von Adelung
thought the expense - would not ' be
more than $2000 a year. The Health
Board has decided to refer the propo
sition to the Board of Education.
Dr. J. H.JTodd has been re-elected
president of the Board of Health.
An ordinance covering the provi
sions for strict regulation and inspec
tion of dairies. and milk has been pre
pared by the board and forwarded- to
the City Council.
OAKLAND, Sept. 15. — The Board
of. Health has under consideration a
plan to inaugurate daily medical' in
spection of public school children,
primarily to discover the existence of
contagious* diseases. Health Officer
Dr. Edward' v<5n Adelung has in
formed the t»oard that an ample staff
of regular physicians can be obtained
from volunteers: who will, for the
present at least, serve the city" as in
spectors without compensation. .. •
The plan provides that a physician
shall visit each school and examine
such pupils as may complain of ill
health, particular attention being giv
en to possible symptoms of contagious
disease. The health officer declares
that the system has been adopted in
many progressive cities throughout
the United States. . .Further, he , said
that in ail* localities where the experi
ment had been made the plan - had
been adopted as a permanent feature
of health board work. ; . , ? .
Board of Health Considers Plan to
Examine Children With Reference
to "Physical Condition.
BERKELEY, Sept. 15. — Three little
children of the family of Mr. and Mrs.
Oscar Hottle of 2022 Bonar street
Were saved this morning from suffo
cation by Smoke from the fire in the
room where they were fast asleep.
The rescuers were the children's par
ents and their aunt, Mrs. A. X. Turner,
who, after saving the little ones,
fought the flames and saved the
house, too. '
The fire occurred at 6 o'clock this
morning. The mother and father were
In the kitchen eating breakfast and
the aunt was In the bedroom where
the children lay. During her momen
tary absence: from the bedroom a
draught, caused the lamp, to flare up
and ignite . the lace curtains at
windows. • ¦ '
Mrs. Turner returned and kave'ttte
¦ alarm. r-.By* the time -Mr., and' Mrs.
Hottle arrived the smoke was so thick
that it was. almost impossible to-find
the cribs of the little ones. The par
ents made their way to" the children
and carried them to safety..
An impromptu bucket brigade was
formed and in a little while the flames
were under control. The children
who were in the room were: Jaaper t
aged 11 years; Cady, aged 5 years,
and Willie, aged 2 years.
Mr. and Mrs. Oscar Hottle Save
Home and Little Ones
From Fire. .
RESCUE CHILDREN FROM
ROOM FILMED- WITH S3IOKE
PI/AXS INSPECTION OF .
PUBLIC SCHOOL PUPILS
Claudius ts a drummer for the Crown
Distillery Company in San Francisco
and a year apo was granted a divorce
from Genise Claudius on the ground of
desertion.
There Is now a' ruling both ways upon
the same point in this county and the
Interest of the legal fraternity gener
ally, is aroused. A year ago Judges
Melvin aod- Greene held that the pres
ent divorce law is unconstitutional.
This was in accordance with the views
of Judge Rhodes of San Jose and other
well known Jurists of this State. Then
«ame a dccisiun of the Supreme Court
upholding the law. These Judges, hold
ing the law to be unconstitutional, had
granted final decrees as thougti the
present law was not upon the statutes.
In some instances, after the Supreme
Court decision had been rendered, law
yers immediately had the final decrees
set aside and interlocutory decrees
planted in their stead and then let
their clients wait out the year. But
v/here this was neglected until the year
vas up, by one decision the year was
lost and another must now elapse. By
the decision of Judge .Melvin, however,
there is yet hope that tne year's wait
may be saved.
An opposite view was taken of this
same point by Judge Greene a short
time ago, when he held that a final
decree granted by him was void, and
he took the view that he could not
substitute «.n interlocutory in its stead.
He stated" that the fact had been de
termined that one party w'as entitled
to a divorce, but that a wrong Judg
ment had been entered according to
the law, as it now stands, which pro
vides that a year must elapse between
the granting of an interlocutory and
a final decree and that all the relief he
could give would be to grant an inter
locutory decree "and let the party wait
out the twelve months for the final
decree.
According to a decision rendered by
Judge Melvln to-day a final; decree of
divorce granted by him a -year ago
In the case of P. Claudius against Ge
eine Claudius works the Bame as if
it had been an interlocutory decree and
he allowed Attorney Asa V. ¦Menden
hall to substitute an interlocutory de
cree as of that date in its stead. By
this ruling Claudius is saved waiting
a year for his final decree. The, ap
plication for a final decree, which
¦would naturally follow an interlocu
tory decree after a year!s wait, how
c-ver, was not allowed by Judge Mel
vin And the matter is to be argued be
fere the Superior Judges sitting in
bank.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Sept.* 16.'."
What was enough for our grandparents
seems not 'to be : good enopRh for us In medi
cine, in travel and even In education. In a
democracy these changes are ! more rapid and
varied than in a. monarchy. It has been sug
gested that our manual training and cooking
could be taught at home. So they could.
So could arithmetic, geography, grammar and
all of the other subjects, and" we would then
need no schools. What has been adopted In
the Alameda School 'Department with respect
to manual training and | domestic science la
directly In line with the recommendation of the'
foremost educators ¦ in the United States. Let
me say that the public schools are yours, and
we want your help to better the syatem. ;
ALAMEDA, Sept. 15.— Owing to the
opposition ! that has developed to the
demand made by the Board of Educa
tion upon the City Trustees that the
public schools be allowed an apportion
ment of $43,179 out of the next tax levy,
the directors of the department and the
Superintendent of Public Schools' have
inaugurated a campaign to enlighten
residents with respect to the needs of
the schools. To-night. Superintendent of
iSchools Fred T. Moore addressed the
west End Improvement Association
upon "Alameda's School Facilities." He
said in part: •
Our school census In the spring of this year
ehowed a population of 19.048 and the number
of census children between 5 and 17 years of
age to be 4073. Of this number 353« were en
rolled In the public schools and the average
number taught through the year was 2005.4.
This is a very large' percentage of children
actually In school, compared with other cities
of our class. This is due largely, to the fact
that there are few children here employed in
manual labor.
Charles J. Heeseman was elected
grand marshal . of the parade, with
power to appoint his aids and take
general supervision of the arrange
ments. 'Zl-V?* '"' .•*-*=¦''":
The Musicians' Union has agreed to
allow bands to play that evening with
out pay and the services . of jCalla-.
gran's, McBain's, Scott's and j Mathe 4 
son's bands are volunteered without
cost. '.'¦'¦ '*?i '¦"
The merchants are also arranging for
addresses to be delivered to their clerks
either by themselves or speakers sup
plied by the committee, in their stores.
Julius Kahn, Taft.& Pennoyer, H. C.
Cap well, C. J. Heeseman and M. J..
Keller have already promised their ef
forts in, this regard and it is expected
that their action will be generally fol-_
lowed. '¦'. '.••".:
• Plans for public demonstrations in
favor of the bond issue are now being
perfected by campaign committees. At
a meeting this evening it was said that
a parade, to be held on Monday even
ing, September 26, is receiving the in
dorsement of merchants. The propri
etors of stores are working up interest
among their employes and . the unions,
fraternal organizations and other
bodies.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1016 Broadway, Sept. 15.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. SEPT. IS.
Edward and Lumma H. Warrwn t» <-&»"*•
P Baker, lot en northeast line of McmtaJ>i wtm
avenue. 420.21 NTV of Oakland avenua, NW •*
NE 128; SE 75, SW 127:^to beginning. Oa»- •
land Township; $10. - • __ _ ¦
William and Henrietta Morck (by |7. i J.
Kroll. administrator) t» Henrietta HeMj-. 10 ?
on north line of Tweoty-llrrt Btr«et. 10© w of
Brush. W 60. N 10Q, lot 11. block JC. Curtlm A
Williams tract. Oakland; $1733. _
A. J. and Sophie 31. Snydar to R. R.TaJl«7.
lot on south line of Thirty-Bixth street. 244 W
of Telegraph avenue. W 60 by S 120. Oakland;
BV. V. and Nelll* F. Wltcher to Frederick'
Miller, lot on northwest lirvs of Fairmount
ai-enue (or Emma) 442.20 SW to Intersection
with W line of Pearl street, etc. thence NW
188.73. NE 10O.2. SB 208.65. SW 100.79, lot 3. .
block D.. Oakland Heights. Oakland: I™.
Alvln and Elizabeth Ford to Otto W. Beta,
re-record 332 D 431. lot on west lln« of Part
street. 172.79 S of Ford. 8 73 by W 123. lota .
8 9. 10. block %. put A, Ford's Addition. E*«t
Oakland: $10. • . ' ;
Henry and Grace I* Rosenfeld to Oost*»u».
S: and AdaH. Smith. lot on southeast line of
Ninth avenue. lOo NE of East Nineteenth,
NE 50 by SE ICO. lots 5 and 9. block 117.
East Oakland, map Brennan Estate property ;
$10. ¦ **.-"'V'
Georg* B. and Elizabeth K. OUs to C. A.
Orr. west S4 feet of lot 15, block 1427. Bteele
tract,. Berkeley; $10. _ _
J- C. and Mary E. MdMullen to John O. C.
Kelso lot 54, block 3, map Orore^ueat lane
tract," Berkeley; $10. _ ,^~-
A. W. -Carll ta Marsarette Carn. lot en
north lln* of Butterworth street. 23 W of Low
ell. W 25 by N 135. lot 13. block 23. map re
subdivision of Smith's Subdivision of M*tnew»
tract, Berkeley; gift. ¦¦¦¦ "¦ — -„•.«•
Frances H. Borel (widow) to Laara D. Mott
(wife of George M. Mott. Jr.) lot on north
line of Virginia street, 125 E of Scenic avenue/
E 50 by N 123, lot 7. block 7. Daley's Sceala
Park, Berkeley; $10. - ,. .
¦ Geor=e M. and Alice, E. Stratton to A/n«Ua
H. Armstrong (single), lot 12. block A. Eatciv
elder Tract, Berkeley; $10. _ ¦• \
C. A. or LUlie Orr to Geoir* S^ 0 ***: lot
on N line of Irvlns street. 327:3tf Wof unr
•11. W 2V by N ICO. lot 5». map of plat 5 Md
portion or plat 6, Dohr Tract. Berkeley; J10O.
San Francisco Savings Union to E. France*
Joyce (single), lot on SW Una of Central aver
nte, 525 SE of High street. SB 100 by SW
125:6, lots S3 and . S4. Hawley Tract. Aia
* William* Y. Chubb to •William H. Owrbb. ,
ldt on W line of Minturn street. 10O S «J
Eagle avenue, S 23 by W 108, lot 13. block DL
map of resubdlvislon of block 68 and portion of
block 51. town of Enclnal. W. Deed, JJam*d*|
West Xnd Bulldlns Association to Emily X*
Knepiaer. lot on S Une of Haitht a-vetme. 89
E of Sixth street. E 37 by S 103:9. Alameda;
*10 ¦ • • . •
Same to John F. Makowskl, lot.on S Bn» ©« ,
Hai^ht avenue, 145 E of Slxtli street, W S3
by S 103:». Alameda; $ . " ' _¦
¦ G. .and Mary Peladeau (wife) and Isabella
Beaudry to Annie * Lingenfelser (Glynn), lot
5 block '3, map of property of L. M. Beaudry
and G. Peladeau. Oakland; $10.
Samuel B. Pcpe to Mary E. Pope (wife),
lot 34, block F, map No. 2. Linda Vista ter
race, quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10. ' "
E. and Margaret Southard (wife) to Agnes
C. Malley (wife of Frank T.). lot on XW cor
ner of Thirtieth and Grove streets. W 113 \>?
N 40. being lot 1, Nock 2034. Rowland . tract.
Oakland; $10.
O. A. Brewick and Andrin* or Andrea*
Brewick (wife) to Marie Agnes von Kleferdorf.
lot on N line of Hamilton place. 443.93 W or
Oakland avenue. W 30 by N 90, beln» lot 18..
Hamilton" tract. Oakland; $1<X ...
Lilian McDonald (widow) to George H. Der
rick. SW 40 feet of lot 8 and >TE 20 feet of
lot -$>' "block B. lands of Oakland. View Hom»
stead Association, Oakland: $10. r
San . Francisco Savtnga Union to " Henty :
Ahlborn. lots 13 and 18. .map Frost's Thlr
teenth-ayenue tract. East Oakland;' $10.:'
J. C. and Anna Peteraen (wife) to Andrew
Peterson, lot on SW line of East Twenty-«ec- .
ond street. 443:9*4 EE of Twenty-third avenue.
SE 40 by SW 150. being block G. map of sub
division 50. Associate* tract. East Oakland;
$10
Frank and Rosa Studlger (wife) to 'August*
M. Perks (widow), lot on-E corner of Bast
Tenth street and . Twenty- sixth aTenne. SE
30 by NE 68.67. being, portions' ot lots 23 and
24 block 1* Knowlea A Potter subdivision.
Kennedy tract. East Oakland; $10.
i George. Elm Ire. Nonna and Louise HTllegass
to Mountain View Cemetery • Association. 2S0
square feet of lot 122 and C half of lot 121.
In plat 3. map'of sakl plat 8. aaid cemetery.
Oakland township; '$70. .. ; .
Stephen*. A. and Mary I* Born .to Frote«Unt
'Episcopal Bfsbop- of- California (corporation '
sole) lot on NE .corner of Russell and Grove J
strata. . E T115.15. N 81.71. W 108J58. S 82. .
being lots 1 and 2. block 21. map 5. Shattuck
tract, BaTketey; $10. - • -" ¦>' ¦ ¦ . ' •
Alameda building and Loan Aasoclatlon to
Catherine J. Loeven (widow) lot on NW corner
of Moulder avenue " (now ; Russell street) and
Dwindle street. W 97:5 by N 40. being portion
of lot 9. -block 7. map State University Home
stead Association No. 3.. Berkeley; $10. "
Frederick. H.- and Alice L. .XTlark to Leroy
and • C^rpOne B. . MoCre. S ,50 .feet .'; of- Tot \1t:
University* terrace, ¦ reserving ¦ tor publia road .
sxjch portion *f PahoramW waytaa-. belongs"
thereto^^B«ykeley: $10. ,.— \ V ''¦"-¦{,(¦¦-:
. Mary and -George Howson (husband) to 3v
W.-Howson. lot. en N line of Falrvlew street; 1
80 E of Ellis. E 40 by M 73:3, Berkeley: CO. j
Willlani Spies* to Mary J. 'Sptess (formerly
his wife), lot on S ' corner of • Fourth tvemi*
and Walnut «r Grand avenue. SW 30 by- SK
140, ' being lot «. block G. Stone tract, ' etc..
Brooklyn township; $10. : -.. .
Deslah F. Lamb (widow) to Alameda Sav
ings Bank lot on , E line of P«ni street. 120
N of Alameda avenue. E 73.6. N SO. E 24.6, m
N 150 W 98.2. S 130 to beginning. Alameda
(deed given as' payment deed of trust 649 D.
85 June 28, 1902); $ •. ' •-'-
Sophie Siegfried and Otto A. C. Bresner (ex;
ecutor* cotate of Herman H. Brcmer to West
End Building Association, all Interest In lot
on SW corner of Santa Clara avenue ar.d Sixth
street S' 229:6. W 160.2%. N 100:6. B 23. N
12S E 14C:2H Alameda: $3230. - -. _ •'
Alameda Savings Bank to -William B. and
Ida M. Hosken lot on S line of Pacific avesse^
300 W of Willow street. . W 50 by S 13O:2 lot
16, block 10. lands adjacent to Enclnal, JlJa
meda; $10. . . \ ' .' .. '"
HEAL ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXSJ.
Inaugurates Campaign With
Obj ect ' of ; Getting Funds
From the Next Tax Levy
Jurists in Bank Will De-
Icide Whether Judgments
May Be Interchanged
MANY TALKS PLANNED
]Iusic and Oratory to Woo
Workers From Toil to
Thoughts on Civic Duty
DELIVERS AN ADDRESS
DECISIONS BOTH WAYS
Judges Disagree Upon the
Point as Regards Grant
ing of Final Decrees
Enthusiasm Characterizes
Campaign Looking to
Big Things for Oakland
Alameda Superintendent of
Public Instruction Is
* Aroused by Opposition
MOORE DEFENDS
SCHOOL SYSTEM
BONDS ROUSE
ALL CLASSES
DIVORCEES MAY
SAVE A WAIT
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
the san Francisco call, Vriday, September i6, 190*,
With Spirit of a True Dreamer He Regrets That Wealth Came
- From- Plains and Commerce Rather Than Through Poetry and
Gold Mines— He Will Visit Gushers to. See What He Is Worth
"POET OF THE SIERRAS" REAPS
FORTUNE FROM TEXAS OIL LANDS
AGED "POET OF THE SIERRAS," WHO AFTER AN ¦ EVENTFUL LIFE ON THE' FRONTIER.' IN THE KLONKIKE.
CHINA AND ELSEWHERE IN QUEST OF FAME AND FORTUNE. UNEXPECTEDLY STRIKES IT RICH IN THE
" • GUSHER OIL REGIONS OF TEXAS.
4
FREE — — FREE -^ FREE
STERILIZED SALT.: .
Two Pnckages of
IjESUE STERILIZED SAM 1 ,
Made In. California and; subject-
ed to tfie, most < searching? meth-
ods • , of ; scientific p. manufacture -
before being placed on the mar- .
.ket.\ ¦ ¦ ;,.¦.. - ' ,::: " .¦ . ;. ¦
A two- pound package for the
table.-; >r, ' _ ¦ ,
A two-pound package for the
.bath.;
i Chemically . pure , and : erery .
package sterilized. •
FREETOWANT AD. .
r PATRO N r S OF> NEXT 7;
SUNDAY'S. CALL.
See- announcement on Classified
Pase, pilMBMBB
h m K^S many other painful and senoua
m^^k @ Pa!!! B 9 ail 111611^ 5 '¦from which most mothers
fill y y H^ suffer, can be avoided by the use of
iS&^&£?9 & /m iSSS " MotijI ' s f risai " This great remedy:
ISP lilt £ Bk T&t 9M a "^°^" sen^ to carrying
H0r Bailtt"tt ym0, B ordeal with safety and no paiik
No woman.wHo uses ''Mother's Friend" need fear the sufferings
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordealof its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in "
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is •
also healthy,;strong and, M jffl jf^BBl ¦ H n B^f j£
woman, and will be sent free in plain S9 |j©k ¦ gas ma m*k
envelope by addressing application to n ¦ g| E^ 111 j
BfadneidRefluiatofCo.Atlat^ta.Ga. W EliiEaH^i^
BE ANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL; IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
J016 Broadway.
Telephone Main lOSSt '
B£3IKXIIiKY.
- 2148 Center Street* - - -
Telephone -North TX.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
¦-. ADVERTISOIENTS.
ECZEMA
sufferers, read what
Hydrozone
and GLYCOZONE have done for a
celebrated Journalist in one week.
rrrf. Ct»rl« ll&rchahd.
Dear Sir: One ireek's trettmest with your Hydra.
cone and Clycccone not only relieved bue ai-solutely
rooted out • cooditwn of ecsesam that ha worried »nd
perplexed me for the p**t ten yean. Yoors Terr truly.
Joseph Howard. Jr., 15a Numb Su, N. Y .
Free trial bottles of Hydrozone and
Glycozone sent on receipt of 35c to pay '
expressage. These preparations are harm-' .
less, yet powerful rermicides, used by lead-
ing physicians. 5Wi by best drmgzist*.
ei-0 Prince St.. K«w York. .
rtwJ/W hmtHt1km*toprtnMl mitiu vj*mm_ 1Index cards, filing cabinets. loose lmt
ledgers and all modern office systems in
our stationery department. Printing
and bookbinding; at lowest prices. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Card Systems and Cabinets.
HOUSEBREAKER FOILED— A bnrctar
twice- attempted last nlcht to brsak tnt* th»
residence of Attorney George A. McGowaa, 493
Eddy street. Mr. McGowan Is absent from th«
city, but Mrs. McGowan. who was aloa* in th«
house, called for help, and her cries frirhtened
the burglar away.
Postoffice, San Francisco, for appli
cation form 304.
Prospects' for ; a full ¦ registration I of
voters are •brightening. : On' .Wednes
day 3726 ivoters s registered in -the * pre-
REGISTRATION i. PRO JHSES
TO REACH -NORMAIi^ FIGURES
I-'-- ARRIVED. ;-„*
' " : Thursday. .Sept . 15. .
Etmr Glpsyi Leland. SI hours from Monterey;
. Stmr Jeanie.Bartlett.".9S hours from Seattle.
- . ; RETURNED. ¦ > ¦¦ ";
- ~-, Thursday,' ; Sept 15. :
VSchr. Bessie K, Stark, on account of disabled
machinery.'-' ; ¦' ¦-¦¦¦'»
. •¦¦::-:>.:¦ -domestic* ports. .
;. ' ABERDEEN — Arrived i Sept : 15^— Stmr Coro
nado. 1 , hence- September. 12- ¦r'^MmmmaBt
: . FOREIGN-PORTS.
«1%VICTORIA— Sailed Sept 1*— Sunx Quean. ; for.
San:FraacUc«, ¦ "';-., *;'•/ *',* ;
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion , on 'September 28 -to secure elig
ibles for the position of i messenger boy
at^S360 :>er annum .iri'the Weather
Bureau % at 'San Francisco' and other
similar vacancies as they, may- occur. in
the vicinity, of San jFranclsco.* "Age
limit, il 4 to 20 years. . Apply to;the
United 'States.' Civil Service: Commis-f
sion, ; Washington, C : ,'or, to the ; sec
retary ol the * Board of Examiners,
3Iessens:er Bos's . Wanted.
LATE SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENX'E.'
INDEPENDENCE - OF . CHILE. • — Th* So
cledad Cosmopollta : Chllena of this- city^ will
g-ive •-. an : entertainment and ball : next .Sunday
evening' at :Eintracht' Hall, Twelfth street, be
tween Howard" and 'Folsom, in * commemoration
of the ; ninety-fourth anniversary of Chilean
independence. "An -attractive - programme :ha»
been arrarwd.- and the hall will be under; the
direction ""of •. Senor \ Carlos ".F. " do i Bjrna, as
floor manager. ' Officers . from " the . Chilean man
of -'war, ; General iBaquedano,' which is daily, ex
pected to ; arrive.'." may ' add , brlHlaner ,- and en
thusiasm to thecel-bration. -
'. SALEM. Or.. Sept. 15. — Results at the Bta.t»
Fair to-day:
'Pacing, three-year-olds, two in three— Bessie
R won. Queen Director second. - Jules ' Redel
third. Tlme.'2:22%. 2:21?4. •: .
- Trotting'. 2:17. class. Lewis and Clark Stake.
$2000. three . In five — Red?kln ' won. The Com
monwealth second. Briny K third. - Lady Madl
eon ¦¦ also started. ; Time. 2:1«, 2:17.- 2:17. .
Six . furlongrs. selllnit— Sallie Goodwin wen,
Urbano second, Budd' Wade third. Time. 1:14.
¦ - One and a quarter miles, handicap, three
year-olds — The Moor .won, Colonel Anderson
second. Stewardess, third. j-TIme ~.2:06»£. .-•> : .
: One mile." selling — The. Pride won.. All About
second,**Cannell third. - Tlme."l:42*i.
Salem Race Results.
cincts and 1033 at the main office In the
City Hall, making a total registration
of 61,800 up to and including /Wednes
day. Yesterday .precinct' registration
was ; fairly, 1 well "L attended to and the
registration • at i the main \ office was ac
tive. .It; is [figured that the total num
ber of voters registered up to'the close
of business last- night .approximates
66.T00. - • jifflB^igfifttWaMI
The office; of the . Registrar Is. open
dally from 8:30 to 5 and evenings 'from
7:30 to 9:30 and for the last three days,
prior, to September 28, will stay . open
evenings until 1 midnight.
; The . Society of King's Daughters
will hold a rummage sale at 317 Fran
cisco street October 1 5 to 22. The
managers \ request that contributions
of cast off clothing, old furniture and
anything that, Is stored away in the
attic be sent to. the above address as
soon ai possible.": The .proceeds of
the sale are to be devoted to the Home
for Incurables. The society holds Its
weekly meeting on Monday, from 10
to 4. Mrs.' E. M. Cofer is president
and Mrs. J. J. Clark honorary presi
dent of the organization.
Will Hold Rummage Sale.
nominated at Santa Cruz, exacted a
promise that a' labor candidate should
be put • in ? the r field to divide the labor
vote. The, speaker Insinuated that a
conspiracy : had ; been hatched and that
the conspirators were seeking to put In
the field a candidate to oppose William
J. Wynn and thus bring about the elec
tion of E. 'A.: Hayes.
O'Brien's voice failed in denunciation
of the , conspiracy - and it was quite
weak when : he named W. J. Wynn for
Congress. Another delegate from Santa
Clara praised Wynn. 339PS&1
-William P. Delaney, of San Francisco;
holding - a proxy • from San Mateo, at
tempted to . speak . but . was challenged
by J. N. . Copus. who ; asserted , that ; De
laney was a - to the : Fourth"
District conventibn. A tumult - fol-.
lowed. s ' Delaney ; was : ruled : out of or
der by the ; chair, but refused to sub
side. A call was made, for, the sergeant
at arms". Finally- Delaney sat'downJV ; ';
?. Chairman Deaver, next took ; the floor
and made a' warm seconding speech for
W'M& ms « whom he i said- he had known
both In? public » and: private , life to * be
true to the principles of his : party. ,) He
was ; opposed S to 5 indorsing • any? one.V/A
motion .by Goldsmith of San Mateo that
delegates holding proxies -be seated was
voted down uproariously. ,'.'
The 1 roll \ was , then called by districts,
resulting^ In a vote of -79 for Williams
and 29 ¦ for Wynn. r iThe chair .was em
powered to appoint "a campaign : ; com;
mlttee'offoneifromfeach district; and a
purity, committee of, five members/ The
meeting ? adjourned ;-;to j the r'call > of the
chairmanof the general! convention.
Pending an investigation of alleged
insubordination and disrespect to his
superior, 1 Chief Surgeon John L
Stephens, Dr. Carl G. Wilson, assistant
emergency surgeon of the . Emergency
Hospital' staff, City Hall, was sus
pended from duty yesterday by the
Health Board. The charges, which
have not yet been made public, are
said to allege a series of offenses dur
ing conclave week. It is said about
the City Hall that there are. several
Emergency Hospital attaches wno
consider their positions secure through
political. influence and who ignore the
authority -of the chief surgeon. This
supposed "pull" has been the means
of breeding a spirit of insubordination
and disrespect to the extent of dis
rupting the heretofore . excellent man
agement 'of the Institution. Some
thing ¦ had to be done to insure dis
cipline and obedience to orders of the
head of the department.
The charges against Dr. Wilson will
be the subject of a thorough investiga
tion by the members of the Health
Board.
Health Board Orders .His Suspension
Pending Investigation for Al
leged Insubordination.
The forty-sixth anniversary of the
California Schuetzen Verein was cele
brated at Shell Mpund Park yester
day. Early in the morning the mem
bers in full, uniform assembled at
Saratoga Hall .and from there
marched to the ferry, headed by a
band, in time to catch the 10 o'clock
boat. At the Dark the members and
their friends spent, a pleasant day,
dancing and prize bowling being the
principal amusements. There was no
formal programme; arranged and no
set speeches. *. New friendships were
made, and old ties more strongly ce
mented.' ' ' '
The committee having charge of
the affair consisted of the following
named: E. Stehm. chairman; K.
Wertheimer, secretary; F. P. Rath
gens, treasurer; T. Salfleld. ! Henry
Meyer L,. C." Hofmann. L.. Barner;
Adolph Grantz, August Westphal, E.
A Meyer, C. Wedemeyer, G. Gunther,
Hermann Meyer. Fred Atceroth,
John D. Helser.F. Goss. John Thode,
Henry Ahlers and Henry Ehlers.
Members and Friends Spend Merry
Day at Shell Mound
Park. . .
SCHUETZEV VEREIN HOLDS
ITS ANNUAL REUNION
Hardly had the barrier been re
leased before the boy in "blue and
white" was seen to be tearing. his way
to the front of his field. Blucher, the
favorite, was just behind him. The
speed displayed by Jim Beattie was
phenomenal^ He ran. the first half
mile'faster than the distance was
covered in any race. of the day.
, Jockey Crimmins steered Jltfi Beat
tie well out from the rail on turning
Into the stretch. Wide as he went,
however. Hildebrand stook Blucher
wider. Suddenly Hildebrand was seen
to be whipping Blucher, on-, the side of
the head, as though {the /colt, had at
tempted to; ''run "'. out.'.'.' .Blucher then
refused to extend himself. His anger
ed jockey continued to punish' him,
but by this time the winning post was
reached by the leader, Jim Beattie,
and the race" was- over. :
NEW YORK, Sept 15. — By the vic
tory of Jim Beattie in the last race
at Brighton to-day a small body of
men punished the bookies to the ex
tent of about $50^000. The 'colt had
only started in one- race previous to
this and was quoted at 100 to 1.
"Dick" Brown, C. A. Slumck-and a
few friends quietly backed him down
to 10 to 1.
Colt Is Backed Down From 100 to 10
to 1 and Then Defeats the Keene .
Crack, Blucher.
BETTORS SCORE HEAVILY
ON JIM BEATTIE'S VICTORY
SURGEON CARL G. WHiSON
IN/ TROUBLE WITH SUPERIOR
The certificates of the Registrar of
voters were accepted as credentials of
San Francisco delegates. San Mateo
and Santa Clara delegates presented
credentials that were acceptable. The
convention organized by the election cf
E. J. Deaver of the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict, as chairman. J. J. O'Brien of
Santa Clara County was placed in
nomination for secretary by J. N.
Copus. Other candidates were men
tioned, but withdrew in favor of
O'Brien, who was chosen by acclama
tion. The chair declared that nomina
tions for Congress would be in order.
J. N. Copus placed in nomination
Charles J. Williams and eulogized him
as a man of dignity and honor who
would reflect credit on his party and
State in Congress. He reviewed at
length the devotion of Williams to the
cause of organized labor. Several dele
gates seconded the nomination.
J. J. O'Brien of Santa Clara made
quite an extended speech, asserting
that the convention was facing a seri
ous situation. He reviewed the history
of labor agitation in San Francisco and
paid high tribute to the courage and
energy of the early organizers. He ad
vised delegates to consider the political
conditions of the district, holding that
a mistake now would have a vital bear
ing. Reference was made to the Re
publican nominee, E. A. Hayes, and to
his associate, Philo Hersey, of the Citi
zens' Alliance.
O'Brien asserted that Hayes, when
As a member of the county commit
tee J. N. Copus called the Fifth Con
gressional District convention to order
and asked delegates to step to the
front and take their seats. A motion
prevailed for the appointment of a
committee of two to pass on creden
tials.
Convention Falte to Indorse Present
-Congressman In the Fifth District.
WYXX'S POOR SHOWING.
J. J. Smith was chosen vice chair
man. James Bowlen secretary. J- Pier-
Officers of the Convention Are All
Elected by Acclamation.
The session of the regular convention
*as called to order by Thomas F.
Eagan, chairman of the county com
mittee, who called for nominations for
temporary chairman. Supervisor Finn
responded 1 and mentioned J. X. Copus
as a man possessing the necessary !
qualifications. The nomination was
seconded by H. Meinert and Copus was
unanimously elected and escorted to
the chair amid the cheers of the con
vention.
COPLS CHOSEN CHAIRMAN.
The convention then adjourned to the
call of the chair and the delegates to
the Fifth Congressional convention jas
sembled In the same hall. ¦'.-'--¦- -—" .".
the «nactment by Consress of laws restricting
Japanese Immigration.
We favor the enactment by Congress of legis
lation restricting the employment of Mongolian
crews and employes on American vessel*, .both
as a protection tc life and for the betterment
d the condition of our American seamen and
our American merchant marine.
"We demand the enactment by Congrress of
laws to prevent a recurrence of such horrible
outrages diralnst American men and American
Ideas as were recently perpetrated under the
guise of martial law in our sister State of Colo
rado, to the dissrace of the laws and Institu
tions of our country. .-* -;..V' •"
Will Pass Next Ten Years
in San Quentin for the
Crime of Manslaughter
rinr.i and Peter F. Roller assistant sec- I
retaries and T. Wolf sergeant at arms j
with Peter Sheehan as assistant..
On motion, as no committee on cre
dentials had been appointed, the list of
delegates as certified 'by the registrar
was accepted and all the delegates were
seated.
The following committee on perma
nent organization and order of busi
ness, consisting of one from each As
sembly district, was appointed by the
chair in accordance with a motion
unanimously passed:
Twenty-eighth District, Xichclas Lawler;
Twenty-rHnth. Frank Markey: Thirtieth. I
Ernwi Meyer; Thirty-first. Pewr Sueehanr
Tk'.rty-sec^nd. H. J. lAtiman: Thirty-third. J.
J^ Connelly; Thirty-fourth. Lawrence Bradley;
Thlrty-fiftii. A. Windrow; Thirty-sixth, J. A.
Lovle; Thirty-seventh. . J. J. Connelly;-Thlity
*isath. O. M. Boyle r Thirty-ninth. A. Steftens;
Fortieth, y. F. Hagiann; Forty-second. J. P. !
Jones: Forty-third. John Hunt: Forty-fourth,
j J. J. Fury; Forty-fifth, Robert L*etto.
j On platform and resolutions the fol
l lowing committee was appointed: j
j TwtPty-eishth District. Vincent Bells: j
Twenty-ninth. T. F. Easan; Thirtieth, John]
Wilson; ThSrty-flrst, A. Siskron; Thlrty-s;cond, i
W. R. Doran; TMrtHfhird, c. Williams;
Thlrtj -fourth, John McKccn; Thirty-nfth,
James tie Succa; Thirty-sixth, S. J. Ryan;
Thirty-seventh, Dan Moriarity: Thirty-eighth.
I John Bellin; Thirty-ninth. Joseph ilillmore:
Fortieth. William Hark*; Forty-first, M. Bollo;
Forty-second. EX J. Klrwin* Forty-third, J. W,
I Spencer; Forty-fourth, . A. Rorxovieri; Forty- I
; nrth, J. A. Mcllanus. ;
A recess of half an hour was taken, !
after which the committee on organiza
tion, after recommending that the tem
porary officers be made permanent,
further recommended as follows: j
That th# chairman of this convention appoint
& committee, to consist of five members, to re.
port and recommend to the convention the
c&mes of four candidates for the office, of Su
perior Jiuige.
That the order of business of the convention
be as follows:
1. Report of committee on platform and
resolutions.
2. Nomination of four Judges of the Su
perior Court in and for the city and county
of San Francisco.
3. Nomination cf State Senators by the re
spective Senatorial district conventions, to-wit:
the Seventeenth. Nineteenth Twenty- first.
Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth Senatorial dis
tricts, and by the Twenty-fourth Senatorial
District convention for the unexplred term.
4. Nomination of elgrhteen Assemblymen
from the eighteen respective Assembly districts.
5. Appointment by the chair of an auditing:
conimmittee of five, under the purity of elec
tions law.
6. Confirmation bfr convention at large of
all^istrict Dominations.
We further recommend that all resolutions
Introduced In this convention shall be referred
to the committee on platform and resolutions
without reading or debate.
We further recommend that in accordance
with the provisions of the Political Code of
the State of California the existing County
Committee of the Union Labor party of. In and
for the city and county of San Francisco, of
which Thomas P. Kaean Is chairman, and a!l
the members thereof be re-elected and reap
pointed as the governing commrnittee of the
Union L*bor party of the city and county of
Kan FrancisKJo for the term and period of two
years and thereafter until their successors shall
have been legally and properly selected and
that all and any vacancies occurring by death,
rcsljrnation or otherwise In the list of nominees
of thU< convention, or of any of the Senatorial
or Assembly district conventions, shall be filled
by the said County Committee who are here
by empowered and authorized lo fill all such
vacancies as may so occur from any cause.
And ¦ that upon the adoption of this report
this recommendation shall become operative
as a. resolution adopted by the local convention
of the Union Labor party of the city and
county of San Francisco and by each Assem
bly and Senatorial district convention whose
delegates are comprised therein.
For the committee on platform and
resolutions Chairman Eagan made the
following report, which was unani
mously adopted:
The Union Labor party of the City and
County of San Francisco, in convention as
seinbled. makes the following declaration of
the principles and policies upon which its ask*
the suffrage of the people for Its candidates at
the coming election:
I.
We declare that the Union' Labor party Is
not a class party and does not Intend to es
tablish a class government. It is true that on
account of peculiar exigencies of the political
situation It originated through the active ef
fort* of & portion of our people, but it em
braces and seeks to comprehend In Its mem
bership all elements of our population, lrre
«i>ectlve of class, creed or station. It is es
sentially the party of the plain people— the
party of those who are benefited by co
operation for the protection and maintenance
of their political rights. And, while it re
epects and protects the rights of all. It is at
the came time designed to secure effectively
for the wage earner, for the small taxpayer, for i
the larger mass of our citizenship, the rights i
and privileges to which under the law they
are legitimately entitled, and which hereto
fore have only too frequently been enjoyed by
the few.
II.
It stands for the peaceful advancement ot
the masses and for the betterment of their ma- •
tertal. social and political conditions and looks 1
forward to fair and equal consideration and '
protection of capital and labor, employer and
employe alike.
Its motto is "Equal rights to all anJ special
privileges t» none."
We indorse and commend the administration
of our honored standard bearer. Eugene E.
Schmitz, Mayor of San Francisco, for Its
ability. Integrity and conservatism and for its
achieved result, doing equal Justice to all.
We deprecate the malicious and malignant
assaults of that portion oL the press of San
Francisco which is subsidised, venal and cor
rupt and which has undertaken by downright
and shameful falsehood and calumny to cast
aspersion upon a. brave and honest man striv
ing against powerful Influences to do his
whole duty toward the people who elected him.
III.
We call the attention of the people of Ean
Francisco to the corrupt combination of cer
tain political Interests of the city with pur
chased and venal newspapers, as part uf a
conspiracy to defraud and defeat the will
of tfce people at the next municipal election
and also the attacks Inrplr«d by the . failure
of certain Journalistic proprietors to secure for
their relatives Important appointments de
manded from the present administration, which
up to that time they had praised and lauded.
IV.
We condemn the course of the majority of
the Board of Supervisors, under the leader
ship of Supervisors Brandenstein, Braunhart
and D'Ancona, to make future petty political
capital for themselves by failing to make suf
ficient and necessary appropriation to conduct
the business cf the various municipal de
r&rUnents. thereby discreditably attempting to
crirrle their operation and to Impair their
efficiency.
We pledc* our candidates for the office of
Superior Judge to a strict and Impartial In
terpretation of the laws without fear, or favor
and without regard to class, condition, race or
creed.
We pledge our candidates for the State Leg
islature to deal Justly and . fairly • with every
Interest which may be embraced, in any legis
lation coming before them.
We favor the abolition of the poll tax as
beiig a harsh, unjust' and Inequitable tax
We pledge our nominees for the Legislature
to favor, such chances In the - school laws of
the State of California as . will . prevent the
teaching of white and mongollan- children la
the same schoolrooms cf our schools.
¦ We demand that the suppa^s to public In
stitutions of the State shall be the product of
union labor, and t rat roods; of, home manu
facture shall b* Riven prcfeience.
- We are oppesed to the extension of the use
of the writ ot injunction 'on all conceivable oc
casions, at the petition of . wealth and . capital,
axalnst the laboring element of our people, and
weresret the result of apparently: unequal in
fiuences on the mind* of some of the tribunals
I which have been call ed' upon U> pass upon the
Issuance of such writs. : ~'Z"'
We favor -nach changes. In- the laws of the
| Bute . as ¦ will pUce the .water, front : of San
Francisco jinltr the control of the municipal
; government. - ¦ •.,••-: ' . ¦
W* favor a corstltutlrmal . amendment .whteh
•hall make it Impossible fcr State - Boards of
Equalization to -n ire arbitrarily the assess
ments of this city, already; over! assessed, as
rerarde the smaller property owners.- .-*¦••«
We favor tn? peaceful settlement of all dif
fer ssces between employer ar,d* employe and the
arbitration: of all. industrial disputes, so far as
tht- same may be Just and practicable. > • .
-W^ favor the " construction '„ by . the United
States Government cf , all --Us- vessels,; so far
as ; practicable. - at.; the inavy yards of - the
country. • and ¦ pledge our candidates ,. for . Con
erers to favor all 'legislation and appropriations
looking towaid thal./nfl.. ¦ » • :....--... ..-.
•-W* favor the cstabllshm-nt Gf:on eight-hour
<iav In t\\ trades' ar^ 'callings. ¦••• I • .
- Viewing ¦ vIUi alarm - the rapidly increasing
Influx of Ja?anesr". In our -: midst, to compete
wit h ' ovr ' A merican ' men.", women and . chiMren;
and, regarding the • Mongolian ¦ element . In ¦ our
population as a- menace to our- working classes.'
to our civilization and our 'rrcspcrity, we favor
All day yesterday Union Labor men
vtre told "that Wynn fought E. E.
Bcfamltz for Mayor in the municipal
ian-.pa!?n of 1&03 and cast the weight
of h«*= influence in favor of Franklin
K La^e. Last night the Schmitz fol
lowers at Pioneer Hall retaliated by
lui-nins down Wynn. Santa Clara and
fcin Mateo counties were favorable to
an indorsement of Wynn. but they
vere outvoted, outgeneraled and out
classed by ihe forces of organized la
bor of this city.
Early yesterday morning word was
passed along the political line that the
Labor party has been programmed by
IL-jef. Schmitz. Lynch. Hearst and Her
1 i'i to indorse E. J. Livernash for Con
gress in the Fourth. It was asserted
that Hearst had made a personal re-
Ciucst for the indorsement of both Liv
errsash and Wynn, but that the Re
publican delegates in the labor ranks
\v«.uld not stand for the Indorsement of
t wo nominees of the t>emocratic party.
Mureover. it was stated that the sup
porters of organized labor could not be
coerced or cajoled into a declaration
In favor of Wynn's candidacy, in view
or the latter** open support of the
Democratic nominee for Mayor in U03.
Politicians of all parties regard it as
rather remarkable that Herrin. Hearst,
Ruef. Schmitz and Lynch should meet
on common ground and fix up a flate
for the Union Labor party, but all the
Fijms point to a labor indorsement of
Livernash. A story is current that Liv
ernash will not accept the labor nom
ination unless the delegates agree to
fcis terms and conditions. It is said
that he demands the indorsement of
Wynn. There is a possibility that the
labor leaders will not submit to any
dictation from Livernash In order to
meet the wishes of Herrin. Ruef and
Schmitz. In fact. Ruef and Schmitz are
rot highly pleased over Livernashs
candidacy. The Republicans it is said
can win the district no matter what
position the Union Labor convention
takes with reference to Livernash. The
programme as arranged early this week
provided that the Labor convention
should meet Thursday night and nom
inate Livernash. but so much time was
taken up last night in organizing the
main convention and adjusting affairs
in the Fifth District that the midnight
hour was striking before the way was
clear for the Fourth District delegates
to meet. .
There are .three regular candidates
for Congress *in the Fifth District. The
UtiSon Labor party convention at Pw
r.ecr Hall last night refused to indorse
the Democratic nomination of- W. J.
}?yna and placed in the fieid as the
jk mince of that party Charles J. Wll
hams, member of the San Francisco
Civil Service Commission.
GIVES HBI THE LIMIT
Judge Cook Says Querbach.
Was Guilty of Murder iiij
First Degree or Nothing'!
Nomination for Congress in the Fifth Dis
trict Goes to Charles J. Williams-.--Side
light on the Programme in the Fourth
VERDICT MEETS
WITH CRITICISM
WYNN IS TURNED DOWN
BY UNION LABOR PARTY
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 16. 1904.
George T. . Querbach, alias "Pistol i
Jack," who was tried for murder and!
convicted of manslaughter by a jury in
Judge Cook's court, was sentenced yes- ;
terday to serve ten years in San Quen- j
tin. . I
In view of the Jury's verdict this :
sentence was the longest the court ;
cculd impose, but in sentencing Quer-j
bach Judge Cook took occasion to scor»
the jury.
The Judge said that he did not agree
with the verdict of the jury. The de
fendant should either have been con-
vlcted of murder in the first degree or
acquitted. It seemed strange -to him
the fact was not commented upon at
the trial that from the condition of the
body of the murdered woman an at
tempt had been made to criminally as
sault her. There was evidence of a des
perate struggle, the woman's clothes ,
having been torn off her body. If death j
resulted from the struggle to protect J
her honor the defendant was guilty of
homicide. The Jury had, however,
brought in a verdict of manslaughter,
and he could only give the defendant
the extreme penalty.
Querbach had been engaged to be
married to Mrs. Annie Wilson, a widow,
who lived at" 6 Capp street. He had
bought her* a wedding dress, bonnet
and other articles, but they quarreled
and he left her house. He returned, as
he said, to get some of hi3 clothes on
Sunday, November 1, and availed him
self of the opportunity to destroy the
wedding dress and other articles he
had given her. A struggle ensued, and
a few hours later Mrs. Wilson was
found dead in the house.
Mrs. Wilson, although a powerfully
built woman, was a sufferer from fatty
degeneration of the heart, and it was
argued for the defense that death was
due to that cause superinduced by the
shock of the struggle with the defend
ant. Querbach wrote a letter to Cap
tain Martin • under an assumed name
admitting that he had murdered Mrs.
Wilson, but that he had no intention of
doing so, as she was the only woman
he had ever loved.
5
APVEHTISE-MENTS.
"When a person has been told that
they are In tbe last stages of consump-
tion, and that no treatment can help
them, it is surely a wonderful relief,
both physically and mentally, to find a
treatment that has curative effects. My
condition was a very serious one. and all
the medical treatment that I used did
m<? no good. I heard of the success of
Electro-Chemistry in serious diseases
like tny own and I went to the Electro-
Chemic Institute. No. 118 Grant ave., for
a careful examination. This examination
was free, and it was so thorough that I
had great hopes when the Klectro-
Chemlc specialists tojd me that Electro-
chemistry would cure me. I began the
treatment Immediately, and in a short
time my condition was greatly Improved
in every way. When I first went to the
Institute my breathing: was so short that
I could hardly »^> up the stairs. I had a
very serious cough and I expectorated
horrible looking matter from my l«ngii.
I had fever In the afternoons and had
night sweats. I had lost a great deal of
flesh and was eo weak that I could
scarcely get about. I feel like a new wo-
man now. J feel stronger In every. way.
The cough has disappeared. The. night
sweats ar.d the afternoon fevers have
disappeared. I do not expectorate bad
looking matter from my lungs, and all
of this has been, accomplished in a very
*hort time and at very little expense. I
feel it my duty to tell other sufferers of
the wonderful effects of Electro-Chemis-
try in bad cases like my own. My name
is Mr?. M. .Macdougall and I live at Xo.
400 Oak st.. San Francisco.**
Electro-Chemistry " Is curative In all
long-standing and chronic* diseases and
It is the most successful treatment yet
discovered for the cure of Consumption,
<;atarrh. Bronchitis. Asthma. Deafness.
Hinging Ears, Discharging Ears, Painful
Ears. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.- Loco mo-
tor Ataxia. Paralysis. Weak Heart. Pal-
pit&tion. , Shortness of Breath. Dizziness,
Headache. Nervousness. Insomnia. Epi-
lepsy.- Falling Sickness. Constipation,
Piles. Fistula, Prostatltls. Stricture,
Blood Poison. Specific Contagious Dis-
eases, Blood and Skin Disease*. Eczema.
Goitre. Swollen Joints, Weak Back. Kid-
ney Diseases. Bright's Disease. Diabetes.
Inflammatlori of ; the Bladder. Special
Diseases of Women — Irregularities. Dis-
placcrmttitf. Ovarian Pains, Tumors, Ab-
fcrses. Ulcers, etc. etc
Tbe : EJectro-Chemic X-Ray Examina-
tion is the most reliable examination
that any sufferer can have and it Is ab-
s 'ctely free to all. Patients living at a
dih.ancp should try to come to the office
for this examination. In most cases the
patient can take the course of Electro-
Chemic home treatment and return home
the same day. An. expensive Electro-
Ch«>raic apparatus Is loaned to outside
patients, .free of charge. .The Institute
is provided with separate and private
Kpfirtmentfs.for Its mal^.and female pa-
tient* and- everything f«- retired. , quiet
and pleasant. The Electro-Chcmic, Insti-
tute is centrally located at No. 318 Grant
ave.. corner of Post kL. and .' the . office
houre et# from nine to five and seven to
eight daily, end-on Sunday from- ten to
one. -
THEEMPORIDM. T THE E3IFORIU3I. 1* THE EMPORIUM. I THE EUPORIt^r.
1 ¦ ¦'. .. ¦'-¦ ¦<-".-•.' ¦ .-.. . ¦-..,¦ -.-.-•.•¦-..".¦¦.:-';¦•.-¦-.--.- ¦ ¦ ¦
Newest Novels $1.08 *yrf* Y?T • Belts at 5 Oc
'Otuin Eri," b» jjscpj, c. Lincoln. " . jnrZZ f> V^SK V^v /I JL m * m **^> A bJ S consignment of thc newest belts for fall
'^mmt^s^^^.^ WiEX^wOiUlfSL — -• lIe r;r\ ad v p v tmMt \ tn / >i r t -
"WhenWrdcrn^s W M Kin ? ,V by Randall Parrish. CAUFORNiAS largcst- t '* ' "'' — " —^^ ntniol crushed leather belts, crushed relvet
"The Cist," by D-ivil G aham Phillips. EriUilLI ¦| r * a^^"^^^^' *' M aU coIoM » aad blac! t P«»J ds Soie elk belts,
'•Ligh: cf thc Star," by Himlin Garand. ITirntm— GRANDEST STORS naTslty shapes and novtlty buciclcj, mark:* at. . 50O
Special Sale *: - ' » ¦— •»? •¦•¦»*¦ •¦- n 5 Barnains in the
riannd waists 98c\ In Men's Depts. To-Day | V JJJ JJ *£»"*.
Only coo of K V ( Just. inside the Hoor.) X. ' . "
• . /^&ft\T ! >iL" l -i * •¦'..*" ¦ - 1. ,,'.«• £verv parent that r:sits the bovs* and eirls*
CfamaW® theje prettily Sj 1 Our men s departments zr: now practicilly a separate Jtcre. They are located just x . '
(3JJSzZ^& embroidered^ inside the miin entrance, so tha: men do not have to pass through departments not inter- >T department en the second floor agrees thtt is a
TjS^ *\ ,„,; . , ;tt l. fc esting to them to make the'r purchases. X great comfjr: to be able to buy everything tor
jwy <ji vvajStS win dc • - ,. - . . , •-., .
Wt_/^J ¦ . ]J t *th' ;^^^." • Jf au tn: caudrsn without leanng cne'i ie»t. 7b«
JS$b^ "trtord i n a r y | . f^% | day and Saturday zee offer:
lfevll*i^^l " enavy ' light I Jtvfib^. ' r~\ r^tv\\\\r\ % /f?g&Ni "^" fr^"'ol7 n of
r i$Lv*l3B?^ UC ' green,* /f0*J^ : - > •¦'.>, .S^^f I ( ) I ll ! \V 1 \ W$£n» «V New York't exd««
lm\i\^^^ rcd and bIaclt - K ; P^SS^Si <J> r V-L'' 2^^ X flP^L^ manufacturers- made
' 7 ? forth Sf.^'' * '~' 'I ' • H«kett, Carhart & Co. Nothing is the best. W e J /^^^ «5* Sri^d" 1 . efej
I Klf *' ""¦•¦¦'•'¦ •'"¦•¦¦' '"' * -' v have it. N'o argument can refUte the fact that good <* R'i&Wk R% ' mo:t cf them thc
\W^m&BBvK&%4 *" *% j" 1 *i Xi--"' *^ : -''M$SPZ5ic;$.. clothing is the cheapest, provided you do not pay a ficti- X llfflkw Btisttr Browa
r^ 7 " J efe;--* y.; : 3*mM$r **°V P^" it. A Hackett, Carhart & Co. itiit cr over- 5- IH^P Ili^fei, «We «hcwn m
'¦=^OK§PCr ..S««jri»r(«fv««n: * '^W%MW0! ' coat has as much e.ccluslvenes, and superior .juality as \ l^^^^^ff P ieture -»
~^^^®kiS!v !*%*% *"' '•¦•¦••' •'**v5sf:- those to be!*obtained from the best merchant tailors. It ,^f / » sailers, sizes for
*8^^ffl* SbS&G % timji iil ' _,'„ ' is the be»t ready-to-put-on clothing that modern methods X JKfift /ifji'%- \Xfolk. i '* *°' * 2
m*>X*W X can produce. . "J a$dfiw$&'<1S& I and J * J" r
Covert Jackets 56.75—2 2 inches long, «^ ' ||SKpf Hackett, Carhart &Co. $15.00 x J ?¥t~"T
satin lined, fitted or box style, for J- ' StlltS — Made by the same skilled tahors # Iw&ffl£^ S " r
women and misses; colors black and Jf '; .\-;L".'. ".-1 • who turn out their J30.00 suits, cut and style is the X I « W Jr &Eb*0O
tan- a very unusual value at %' ' • p^v^M^VS'-i «>me, only the clcth* and trimmings are not so fine. ¦* / If Wi /
' } &£* 't'iz tt tS§^--:' ! > ¦¦¦" The taste with v»h r ch all the findings are matched and Jj / tM-Jw 1^ Advance Novelties
•• ••• ••• • - ipba f i3 $ Yf' .'¦'?*$ f'£2 c /.-;V.1 selected, the perfect harmony between the suiting, the X / /s£iBi^^ —in misses* dres-es, in
i^ 1 ™^^^^^"™"^~""T"""'™TT"*2£ M " "^ *.'$•'} ' l : ning," the buttons and the trimmings makes every \* ™ styles and models that
25C 35C and SOC S 1 * ! ' garment an artistic creation; both lingle and double are copied from grown-u? people, pretty red
'- ;^* m *'L , ¦ If K ; .V-^ ty&i'.i- *"¦¦', breasted sack coat styles, in a great variety of patterns, Jf twill?, navy chevioti and fancy mixtures, in
\feSlinOS t^S-C Yard £ »» % =-.?', that wlU &*** the most — _ #1#1 « t3xe FT 01 *' Bwter Brown and 2-piece *tyles;
•, ¦ 5 V. . ", t, •; - ...'... &fOm%J%J J5 sizes for 8 to '14 years; priced from
To-day only choose from thousands * | ; . ., j Hacked, Carhart & Co. Suits for 'X $13.50 to $18.50
of yards and many patterns of fancy j" \0i J . Men, 612.50 to 835.00. *- Boys' Ru$sLn Suits— K>^
mesh veilings, cither plain or che- *» Jp-3? %!•'! Hackctt, Carhart & Co. Overcoats ;5 t^ to 7 *yea r »^e»,
nille dotted, in snch good colors as J£ ~ j&jh*' j&il and Raincoats, 612.50 to $25.00. ."» made of chevictj, i.i
black, white, brown, navy, black */ &* Hri Hackett. Car hart & Co. Trousers, £ ™Y c »nd neat i^T^*^»
ind white, and a few light effects, * S5.O0,: $6.00. $7.50. • | mixtar«_aUhate «. \M
worth up to 50c the yard, * /* * * Men's Long Overcoats $12.50 n hn and , lk bow^
f 0 - B'nrG J Not H. C. & Co. make, bu: worthy garments and full) worth S15.00. Made to ear order X y:rf in ani , en . T^^vi
• * ¦ • ¦ J, , rorn a fine quality ccating, either Oxford or a rich b'ack, won't grow rusty; aho X' jy Ta i u;l at A^f«N^J«Si
¦^"¦"^^ */ cheviots in nobby plaids, in th= new gray and brown shades that are all the go. Cut .$3 WCT^^^^i
A Glove Sale i lon * and loose - the be$t coatl we know of ieUins anywhcre undcr |l8 -°J' f S e kn x *>«• s^r sJhs'-with mF&SI
To-Day— Saturday j M en ' s Underwear, Suspenders, Eic. * :£vJZoX™: ppflr
Many hundreds of pairs of these 3- M? 3 5 C Suspenders 19c— Lisle web, in nobby Fall weight Underwear for men: S P int3 i . made frora nn = ifif^J%
clasp. fine quality Hs'e thread gloves, £ pattern.; ; taf skin ends, bra» and nickel N«lt«l M«ino. extra well made, also X ™&> mna^brown, Wjj^aT
. , ill j ••_! 5 .. ribbed underwear in ecru and blu-- far- J royai ana r^a, a^a tESSSS&V
with openwork backs and solid £> gilded, guaranteed not to tarmshj to-day m _ n£ SOn X nobby mixtures of gray fcaPw^
palms.in the latest shades of beaver, £ and Saturday only, pair 19o Natural " \[ m^ t hii " r ; nd X »d brown, si.es < t, ||
mode,, grays,- .lates; also .white .nd | " _ Mide rf ribbed, per garment ..... S1.OO $ 'j^S^SSS!i H %
fast blacks that are "^pj^ in the new shades of brown, gray^ ™ *~ Ghstenbury for J P gTo , 6 ye^rs, S Jl \
40c the pair, go to-day at ZStS *f ¦' ; . /¦ 't. 1 j 1 •• men, in Vienna only, also ribbed bins ind « ,„„„, ,„:. ,-„ L,,.- 4u~> m " U-
¦ • - * JJ ___ rnetaL dark purple and mole slews: .. 1 1 j i» v • «r correct su.t tor bar- job f
Empress Kid 6IOVeS-The, best dol!.r| iS|^g| squue ; gjffi??.^ *^{J|B 5 -- occasions, and the boy, Hkethem^Tpe-
¦g.ove;we have ever seen; the glove \ or tecki; th= hmd.omn: and mostgen- French Ribbed Silk and Worsted - In 5 " ** ¦ V™ they fit 2 ? *?,
we guarantee and fit to your hand- J erousiy cut neckwe, r we have ever jeen pink and blu, stripes, to be had W $
fall importation just in; all the new J for the pnee, each. ., BOO< only; at, per garment, . . . .$2.25 J tures, at the very^tde e P ~*I °
colors and siitchings, pair j Burt & Packard Shoes $2.BO $ .§4mOO
. -./. .' . . . "-.."¦¦ ,.8 I OJI1> \S\ I These are the genuine "Korrcct" shape $3.50 and $4. X «""«»> Overcoats-For boys z% to 8 years,
Table COVerS 23C | jliS,^--- Burt & Packard , hoes for men, in .bout ,o of :ht 5 S&S^SZvSXS?
New Art Canvas— (Basket cloth), J /I* '^s^. newest fall styles. They, arc a manufacturer's lam- j S4.OO
tinted with pretty rose design and $ F=^^^ %^ p ' c I5n j fo ' faU and wi ° ter « and t0 intr0 . <iu « 7°° to XBox Overcoats and Nautical Reefcrs-For boy,
nkelv (Kneed -kU around can be T S ==?=2N^^^ «w department for men on mam floor; "off ro- X 3 u n years, fine cheviot, and kersey^ in
nicely fringed au arouna, can DC X lmmSs^ ."^?S^i tu ! >da ' they arc offered at the very special pnee,. per $ 1 navy, brown and Oxford, have velvet coCars
used as they arc -or embroidered, | 7 ' nS )^., .... . $2.80 X and finUhed with re S ulation gilt or black bu"
worth each . .... •:' r 7 S P.. Ma^*Hi(^^ tons, emblem on rieeve or plain. . 55.OO
Sale (of SOc Ribbons 29c We l^e IT Very -Pretty. Two-Day Butter Sale
Others at We Yard Dress- Hats at $4.95 Choice Liquors, Etc.
Best ribbon values we have known of this And from that modest price up to $40; these Best Deamtry Butter— To-day and Saturday, _
year. $4.95 hati are made of good velvets, chenille, regnkrsize squares 37^/\C
65^. inch Black Messaiine, a soft weave with high novelty braids, trimmed with ribbons, fancy Xtntnar — Large Imported Mllchners. 7 Csh......aso
luster- cj^-inch white and cream Lumineaux wings, etc., in pretty new stylish ihapes that Nabisco Waters — Athena or Ramona. tin 24c
taffeta fno matter how large a bow, this ribbon have all the dash and charm of the best $7.50 «"•¦»«»••¦•— Best California. 2 pounds aso
sundsouta, thou 3 h wired); S *. satin taffeta ribban in all hats we have $cen c l sewncre . JSiT^wSS^oS rVo'^ai %l^
¦ colon; 4^-inch fancy uffctas, com manons of stripe, and A linc of handiome
ring dots; every one of them a 50c value; to-day . ¦ «# y« ., «#o nn Cn»m»lon Whisky — For the two days, bot 75o
onv vard • • • **9C _. .* • ; , * / ' V ', * ." ,' ' * « P *iS"SS Champion Wnlsky— Old reliable brand, pal $3^4O
y.rJj i?«M tc-djy only, v.rj. ....¦¦¦¦¦ IBO *?'*&<•««*< ¦"»ni floor. Inlwdwr lut-PlnB BJ5; Ijimu qSJ
CASTORIA,
Pox Infants ftnd
The Kind You Hava Always Bought
Bears the Slj? 'j&fS+rf^
Dentistry I
Q Painless Fillings ...25c II
J Painless Crowns........ S3.50 If
g Full Set of Teeth $4.00 I
1 j
t| Sixth and Market I I
. CUTLERY
EVE^:BLAI£WRRAhfrED
\ H. S. BRJDGE & CO,, ||
! MERCHANT TAILORS. ;!;
| 622 Market Street. %
i Up Stairs. OppPalaceHotsL ;!;
I SAN FRANC«CO. ;|;
Novelties ia^ toported_^Wety^|;
YOUU/ANT 'CASH .
F-OR YOUR STOCKS
' jfe% : r m^£bn 1 E S?S.%N0!
pIh IXD FOX KIVER ALASKA. • I haw
fom^ *wtan«r» in thew fortune-makln* dij-
tri™ s oni o? which pays 25 per cent yearty
Jmt IkaNTKED r-t your money back. . A
; ti.u* unnn - AjIc ¦ roe about tn^tn. A. F.
haraI/^ht.^U. KS.Cros.lay .Wldln*;
Pica* Grant &S»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- -^Aya*-™..™***™*- ¦-¦¦¦ *¦-¦¦
Persian Lamb Jackets.
$90tov$200
Xn thes* splendid Jackets el esraat
appearance, t anltltss fit, durability
and economy are most skillfully com-
bined.
The Cloth Jackets
(Tor Women, SXlcses and Children)
At $2:50
AKE OOIHO LIKE DEW BEFORE
THE SXXK.
Xiittle wonfier— the . jackets tire ¦ all
rood lookinar and the price is just as
; near to nothing- as ws • dared ;. to
make it.
Don't roraret Our Number.Eajran (2). McLaughlln. Sacrifice hits — Iberg.
Graham.* Earned ran — Portland.: Stolen bases
—Doyle, i Xad^au, Raymond. Bases on balls —
Off Roach 1, off Iberg- 2. oS Overall 6.' Struck
cut— By Reach 2. ty Ibergr 1. by Overall 6.
Two-base hit* — Drennan, Eacan. Three- base
hit — Overall. Double plays — Graham to Shee
ban,' Fpenc«r to Raymond U> Weed, Overall to
Nordyke ' to Sheehan, Graham - to - Nordyke,
Ibrir to Raymond to Weed,. Casey to Eagan to
Graham. Casey to Eajran to NonSyke. Left on
ba«es — Portland "S. Taeoma ' 4. Hit by , pitched
ball — By Overall I. Passed ball^ — Graham. Wild
pitch — Overall. First bas* on errors — Portland
1. Taccma 4. Hits — Off Iberr 4. off ,' Roach . 4.
Runs — Oft'Iben? Z. oS Roach 8.-. Time of game
— Two hours and forty-five minutes. Umpire-
Brown.
Card i playing should be confined I to
either * the drawing-room or ?¦ the ante
room;^
•- PHY8ICIAX ARRESTED FOR BATTERY.—
Dr. A. ¦• B. Nelson waa arrested yestertay on a
warrant from Police Judce Cabaniss* . court
charKin? him with battery. He was released on
ball. Tbe cotaptainins witness Is G. EV Atkin
eon. Dr. Nelson says that he and Atkinson
are partners in a.dniff business at Clay and
Montgomery streets. Action has been taken
to dissolve the partnership and a receiver has
been appointed.
JAPANESE TEA.— Manzanita Council of the
Dejfree -of Pocahcntas has arranged for a* Jap
anese tea In tts tepee to-hignt for tne enter
tatnment of Its numbers and friends.- There
will be a number of tbe Indian maidens dressed
in Jatanfj* co«orn«« to »*rve tea. jjewsga
first inning, the Browns went "down to
defeat to-day in a twelve-inning game.
Timely hits by the untimely
[ errors by Portland and, most of all,
j the pitching of Overall, who seemed
to get better as the game lengthened,
did it- Iberg pitched well, also. Seven
double plays were made during the
game. Score:
Portland— ( Tacotaa —
AB. R. H. P.A.j AB. R. H. P.A.
Dren*n.cf S 1 2 6 OiDtjyle.ri. « 2 2 0-0
Huri*y.c. 6 13 3 2*Sb«ha,3b 5 2 1 Z 2
Niitna.U 4 12 3 OjNordy.lb 4 1 1 15 1
CUnes.rf. S 0 1 2 0,Karin.s* 5 0 17 5
B*rk.3b.. 5 0 0 0 l(Lynch.cf. 5 0 0 0 1
W*«d.lb. 5 1 1 12 2.Ca*«y.2b. 4 I « 1 T
Spsc«r.2b 3 0 14 J.McUn.lf 4 (• 110
Raj-ro<".«s 2 116 e.Graham.c 4 11 8 •}
Ibenr.p.- 2 0 1 1 3'Ov«raU.p 5 0 1 0 2
mdelnm 1 0 0 0 0{ i_
Roach. p. 0 0 0 0 1 Totals 42 7 8 86 24
tsteclmaa 1 0 0 0 0 f
TbtaU W "i 12 3« 20*
•Thl'lman batted for Iberx in the ninth.
t^teelman batted for Roach ia the twelfth.
RUNS AND' HITS BY rXNIN^S,
PortUnd ...........3 0 0 110 0 0 0 0 0 0—5
Base WU. ...... ..3 0 12 111 0011 1—12
Tacosea 2 0000300000 2 — 7
Base hits... ......10 0 0 0 2 0 1 11 0 2—8
SUMMARY. .:
Brron—Kadeas, '.-. .Weed, Spencer, Raymond,
BROWNIES FALL IN TWELFTH.
PORTLAND, SeDt- 15. — After mak
ne three runs to Tacoma's two In, the
Joe Long and George Sullivan, the
two well-known heavy-weight boxers,
will furnish the main event of the San
Francisco Club's show to-night at
Woodward's Pavilion. Dick Hyland
and Frank Walsh are signed for: the
special .event. There will be five other
bouts .between likely youngsters. Alex
Greggains will referee.
Fast Amateur Boxers to 3feet-
Billy Pierce wants the fight to be
on the square. He says it will be if he
has this way. . "I want the newspaper
men to name the referee," says Pierce.
"Any good, honest man will suit me.
If he . sees any sign of fake let him
stop the battle and the patrons will
get their money back. Walcott never
felt better in his life than he does
right nov.-. I think the public of San
Francisco will see the greatest mill In
years when the two black wonders
come together."
Joe Walcott arrived in town last
night, accompanied by his manager,
Billy Pierce of Boston. The "Barba
does Wonder** says he will beat Gan.i
¦when they mix It on the last day ot
the month. The dark, lad looks in
good form and says he will have no
trouble in making the weight.' He will
begin training to-morrow in Oakland
and will probably be assisted by Jack
Johnson, the colored heavy-weight
champion.
Welter-Weight Champion Will Train
at Oakland and Will Probably
Be Assisted by Johnson.
WALCOTT SAYS IIE \\TLL
TAKE JOE GANS' MEASURE
CLEVELAND, Sept. 15. — There were to have
been two games played to-day. | but Detroit did
not arrive ia time. - Neither team scored. In
the fifth Drill was removed from the game for
disputing a decision br the umpire. Attend
ance, 1200. Score:
b»*9Si5S|3g! R. h. E.
Cleveland 0 2 0
Detroit 0 2 2
Batt-rics — Bemhard and Osdlck: Mallin.
Dr'H and Bertlle.
• NATIONAL LEAGUE. -'-',
i CHICAGO. Sept. IS.— To-day's contest went
twelve lanings and was a pitchers* battle. At
tendance, 3500. Score :
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 8 1
Cincinnati 1 5 4
Baueries— Brirs* and Kltng; Hahn anl
Pi«ta. Umpire — ZImmer. . -
BROOKLYN. Sept. • 15.— Philadelphia and
Brooklyn broke even to-day. The second game.
by agreement, was called In the, seventh
innlns. Attendance," 1500. Score:
First game— R.^~H. E.
Philadelphia '. 5 7 v--j-
Brooklyn •;.;......'........ a * 12 2
• Batteries — Sadhcff and Dooin; Mitchell and
Bergen. ' Umpires— Moran and Carpenter.
-Second gam« — ¦ R. H. E.
Philadelphia,... ....7 9 i
Brooklyn "..•... .........14; 14 3
Batteries — Coiwell and Roth; Drrbem. Ecan
lan udRlttn-. ; - , - ,;
NEW-TORK, Sept. 15. — The visitors did not
score until tb« seventh Inclnf. Attendance.
2800. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston .V 2 " 7 --*; I
New York ...'.....:... ./. 3 9 2
¦ ' Batteries — MeNlcbol and Needham: Wiltse
and Bo we man. • empires — Emsli* and O'Day.
8ULIFwlth fia: vbgkq • cmfwjp cmfwyponon
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 15— The hoaw
team won .two games from Washlngtoa to-day
by btmchinff their hits. WaddelU in the sec
ond came, fell while trying to run down Dono
van and retired. Attendance. 4000. Scores:
First pimo— 'R. - H. E.
Washington .4 10 3
Philadelphia ..; 8 - 11 1
Batteries — Hushes and Clark; Plank and
Powers.
Second fame — * R. H. E.
Washington ...................... 3 4 1
Philadelphia 4 9 4
Batteries — Jacobson and Kittredge; Waddell.
Bender and Sckreck.
BOSTON. Sept. 15. — Both games wers bard
feugbt tad fell of exciteaeat. With three n:ea
on bases in the ninth. Taaaehill woa the first
gaoe by strikta* oat Conroy. Atteadaace,
1C.0OO Scores:
First came— R. H. E.
Boston ..+..'.. 3 8 0
New York*... 2 9 2
Batteries — TaaaeUU and Criser; Orth. GrK
fltb and McGuirc.
- Second ra me — R. H. E.
Beaton 1 8 2
New Tork ; 1^ t l
-Batteries — Winter and Farrell; PoweU aad
McGulr*.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
(National League.) i CAmericaa League)
W.L. Pet. w.L. Pet.
New York 9« 3» .TZV Boston ..«0 50.«l«
Chicaro 77 £2 .307! New York 7% 49.614
Pittsborr . . .75 52 .K» Philadelphia .71 53 .373
Clacinaati ..73 S6 .56«i Chkaco 71 50 .<Vft
Ft. Loois «S « .500 CleveUad ...e9 57.54H
Brooklyn 4? « SSI St. Loats 54 72 .425
Boston 4« Si JtSl Detroit S3 75 .415
Philadelphia .S9 93 .294 Wasfclastcn .31 m .241
ALBERTO IS A WINNER .
OF A READVILLE RACE
Takes the Third, Fourth and Fifth
Heats In the 2:14 Class
Trot. i
KEADVILLE. Mass.. Sept. IS. — Grand Clr
ceit trottstsc samn»ary:
2:14 class, trotting. purs« Slf«>>. thre« la
five (completed tflree heats Tuesday) — Alberto
woa the third, fourth aad fifta heats ia 2:13"-j.
2:131,. 2:13fi- Scaata woa ta« Crst as«! see
cad heats la 2:14% 2:I2fc. Thcraboy. Blacli
tbome aad Sldaey McGregor also startsd. _
2:1S class, trottiaj. purse $Ii>">X three ta
five — Enxenite won three strsJa-at hesxs ia
2:17*i. 2:15i,. 2:1SH. UTslttea VTCkes, Mas
ter. Tom Phair. Dasb. Litia SZigo. Naaita,
Madalecs P. Direct Well aad Zarabia also
started.
Thr-e-year-olds. trottlar. pars* $IWA two
ia thrt« — Grxc» Bood won ths first sad third
beats ia 2:13=4. 2:L5-»- I^> TU- aad.Crscsd
also started.
2:14 class, psxiasr. pcrs* flOCO. €&r«e ta 2t«
— Baraetta B wca U>» secgnd. third asd f-«rta
lieau !a 2 IS\. M3H, S:XX Vi - Retral w»
tae flrrt heat ia 2:13V L T. Wa«aharrv BM-
Ub. Rc-b-rfs Owa. Oia«*r. Hesry N. Tssssr,
Littl* Dick. Barca H *r.1 Mac* also starrM.
2:12 class, trcUisir. pome Jlf«"«\ two la thr««
(cr£alshrf> — Patcheo's MaM wca th* sseos«
heat is 2:14%. Altr* wca cbs Crst a«sc ta
2 23'-.. Iav»der. E*. M'lurrx. UJt OsH Eta-
Utea and Th# General also start~i
STAXFORD UNTVERSTTT. 8*pC
15. —^The Stanford freshznen football
team began the season ibis afternoon
by defeating the Palo Alto Hl«*i
School eleven by the score cf 8 to 0.
The scoziog waa all done ta the first
three minutes of play.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
First race — Tim Hnrst, Chancy,
Jack Jloran.
Second race —^Tom Rowe, Kiow.i
Chief, Lookaway.
Thinl race — Whiskers, Eugenie B.
Aggie Lewis.
Fourth race — Pinkerton, Red Leaf,
Allen Avon.
Fifth race — Commodore, Ice Water,
Barklyite.
Sixth race — Oudcnarde, Judge Can
trill, St. Slmonian. - -«
Condition of tlie track — Slow.
"Rube" WaddcII Is Injured While
Trying to Run Donovan Down
on the Bases.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
TANNEHILL SAVES THE DAY
BY STRIKING OUT CONROY
SEATTLE. SepL 15. — San Francisco
•ecure<i a big lead in th*» flrrt part of
the same by bunching hit*, combined
tritii costly errors. Irwin cleared the
be*ea by a timely three- bajrjcer. Seat
tle carn« to th» front in the latter part
of the srsrne, but cocld not <jalte nsake
It. Score:
6#att:e — ! Eaa Fraaciaoj —
AE R- H. P. A •; AB. R. H. P. A.
TK:*Ti.«-f 5 111 <>7BsTu.lfc5 I 2 I« O
X<sh!r.;s» S O Z * Z H!!«b«l.lf 5 2 11*
r/Jhry. Zb S « 0 2 liWVjrjMrf 4 1110
Frtrtc If S I 2 1 0 Itcaey.rf « 1 1 S 0
Rk.w-^.*« 3 113S Irwin. St 4 I 102
FarttA. rf 4 O 1 2 • ArAr. r- 4 4 2 14
t»T^.tj.\h « 1 1 • • Ortair.ss 4 »» 2 : r
W'Urn. r. 2 1 1 3 * Leahy, r 2 " '* I
CHan.p -.;'•" 3 Barber, p 4 2 1*2
Totals 27 C I<> 27 ie' Totals ZA * 12 27 lt
RITXS A.VD KITS BT IXMKGS.
i >.•¦ ¦ 0 <•<•;<- 2 <p 2 1— <
Base fcit» A1O121 12 2—10
fan Fra r.^t»jv> . . 6 n 4 9 O 4 1 OJ
Base k!u» .... t <•;¦•¦¦ 2 Z " 2 12
waouxT,
Errors— Van H«rtren. Mohler. Deiehaefy.
IRWIN CXtl\RS THE BASES.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— t>od Anderson, Jehane,
Bernice. /
Second race — Corrigan. entry, Class
Leader, Royal Pirate.
Third race — Don Domo, Subtle,
Clifton Forse.
Fourth racf? — Ben Chance, Major
Man-ir, O'Hagen.
S Fifth race — Dixie Andrews, Envoy,
Dixellc.
Sixth race — St..I)enli»; Useful Lady,
Portsmouth. , - . .-.«?¦.
Seventh race — The Lady, Waina
molnen. New Mown Hay.
" Condition of tlie track — Fast,
HAXVTHORNE SEIjECTTONS.
Flin race, six furlong*, selling— Eleata OT.
Meals. 6* Sarna W. Trcesaehs 98. Jaaet Fonso
&s La Ch».->*ran« »*. Eernie* 103. Jehaae lfH.
Dod Aa4er»cn 109. B*rone 104. Flortsta 104.
P»ir! Stone 104. Fading Light 104. Cleona
1». Wine Faa 1C9. ¦
.-«* '-r.-i rare. , «?iort course, ste^plfecnai*.
handicap— BtlJy Bashaw 125. Cherokee Lass
125. RayaJ Pirate 125, Class Leader 132. Cre
olla H». Charawiad 172. _^
Third race, six farionys, Dunse — Subtle ao.
Rani's Horn M. CJiftoa Forge 106. Don Doiao
ltt». >U4 MalUb 108. Americano 112.
Fourth race, cne and a quarter miles, s*H-
i nr ar Farnnm &*. Rabunta SW. Sloax Chief
100. Ben Chance 101, OH«m ICO. Major
Mansir K*. -^ ¦ _
Fifth race live farlonc*. porw — Torpedo &4.
Dixie Andrews 94. The Lorelei &4, The Gadfly
VI Presentinjent »7. Bonnie Prince Charlie 57,
Fay Temple ten ft*. Mart Gentry 99. Dixelle flO.
Envoy 101. Garrlce 1P2, Lieut. Rice 1C2. Elston
102. Lady Lasca 1«3.
Sixth race, five furlongs, purse — Tyrcliaa B4.
Bonebrake 8*5. Loristilla 96, Black Art 97,
Jaeeta J*, Sincerity Bell« t>». Glrdlestone 1«>2.
Useful Lady 103. Green Crown 104, Aseliaa
104. Pihexskic 105. Marntont 1M. St. Denis
1C7. Pcmmonth 99.
Seventh race. mil*, purse — New Mown Hay
»1, Wood's Perry 91. Copper &4. Emperor nt
India '">, Wainainoisen 101. Rombardier 101.
The Lady 10»J. Captain Arnold 114.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15. — The entries
for tne races at Hawthorne to-morrow
follow:
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
FIr*t ract? — Fleur de Marie, Xlb-
Uck, Kscntchcon.
Second race— Jocund, Canteen, Wo
tan. '
Thinl race — Auditor, Counterpoise,
Ar*>ei»J. . :
Z Fourth race — Dekaber. Ostrich,
Hurstbourne.
Fifth race — Ed Tierney, The South
erner, Keynote.
Sixth race— Santa Catallna, Rai
ment. Ixmgdays.
Condition of the track — Fast.'
Htr.ith. Goehftauer. Leahy. Earned nias —
Seattle I, Kan Francisco 3. Tws-base hits —
Murphy. Mohier. Wilson. Three-base hits —
Emith. Van Haltrea. Irmin. Barber. Sacriflce
bits — Blankrnah!p. Leahy. 3tcl*n bases —
HlHebrand «2). Waldron. Double play — Mchler
to Blankeaabip. Baa«s oa balls — Off C. Hall
3. art Barber 2. Struck out— By C Hall 2,
by Barber 4. Time of came — Two hoars aad
five tcisutes. Uajplre — McCarthy.
Dy th* New York Mernln? Telegraph
BRIGHTON' BEACH SELECTIONS.
Fifth race, en* ar.d a qaarter miles — Stoiea
Mr:Ei#ots 113. Keynote 10%. Leader 10*. Stone
wall :>-. Ara*s D I-'A Merry Ploaeer 104. Al
ias 10S. Toa^Lawscn 103, Eagle 104. Garaish
I'flt Bofi&a fl*» Ikki S7. The Eoutheraer 97,
Gll*tM» 97. Ed Tlemey 92.
Fbrtfi ri-«. five ar. i a half furlongs — Loosr
Days 197. feucatra 107. Linda L*e 107. Saata
f^atallaa. 1O7. Lacy Young- 107. Jennie Mc
au 197. Fafr Re-s-eler 1C-7. Raiment 107,
Marie M 197. Mopia 107. Hoiy £sx>ke 107. -
Third race, six fnrlon^s — Sovereign 113. Foxy
Kan* 1W. Ccoaterpois* 110. Castlliaa 11O.
Ceorre Keene 110. Aaditor HO. Arsenal 110.
OlrtS* 110. OaJcctta 110. Priace SaJai SaJrn
IOC Casriie \«A, Mary GT««a 10S. Hydrangea
>i. N'.-f/j' 0*. Ltheria H~. Palett* Z*.
Focrth rare, ooe srl aa eighth tnlles, ptir»e
— Fhorthcse 12^, Hunrtbocrae 124,' Dekaber
It*, Ltttl* Esn UJS, Ostrich 1W.
S""*red race, ca* and a sixteenth railes —
Flexlca 111. JoesnH 11L Brooklyalte 111. Wo
tan Il«. JwJjt* D*ntcr» VA. Caateeu 108. Briar
t?K<ri* lea. Kae> SO. Bea Crocket S(*.
BHJGHTOX BEACH E.VTRII1S.
XEW YORK. Sept- 15. — The entries
for to-morrow's races at Brighton
Bf-ach track follow:
Flnrt race, six furfcazs — Jack ZicKea'a 110.
Eacotrbcoh 107. Derry 1&«. Waywanl Lass 104,
Corsfewor 102. Workarej* 102, Wild Irishman
101. N'ibSick 101. Yorkshire Lad HfT. Rnodenc
L'fcu 93. GoJd Croft Vb. M**d<rrrhirrB S», Flear
<i« Marie S9. Fra Flli*o 37. Hi*b Life &4. IrUh
Jew f*.
CHICAGO. Sept. 15. — It is reported
that Ralph Rose, the California
giant, declared to-day that the aim.
object and intent of every form of
athletics he has taken up Is with a
view to the boxing championship. 'and
that some day *e hopes to earn the
title, either by beating Jeffries or by
conquering the man who may conquer
Jeffries or who may succeed to hi3
title.
The frank statement of Rose that
his course in college is only to fit him
for the prize ring has startled not only
the Ann Arbor faculty, but has
aroused a storm of protest and con-
i demnation in the universities and col
leges of the United States. Here are
the comparative measurements of
Rose and Jeffries:
Res*. JpffrJrs.
19 years Ag» ~.2» years....
•v fiwt 5 iaeae* Helgat « feet :*-,:=c.-r*s
i 245 pcaads Weight 225 pocads>
! 19»s inches Nee* 1? •--"•-»
24 iaches Acrocs atvyaSiera 23H inches
j 47S toffees Chest 44 taehes
?-V-4 tacnes Chest expanded 44 laches
K»* tarhes Right B9S*r am.... 16% laches
l-» i3ca«s Left e^per arta l& tacbea
13% :=ch»s.. v . Ftar-aras CH inches
2* Inches -....Rlgst thiga 24 lacie*
27 inches Left thiga -2P* 4 tar¥>>«
17 iaetMs Right caU... m, i=ca«s
1*1* laches Left caif O7«a taeSes
394 Ixs« capacity.^.. ....... 33?
COLLKGE ATHLETE WHO HAS CREATED A SENSATION EN irNTVXRSrrT
LIFT: AND AMOXO SPORTING MEN" BT HIS L 'ITERANCES REGARDING A
MATCH IN THE PRIZE RING WITH CHAMPION JETFRIS3.
• From present appearances there
will be no important game played in
this city this season.
Whitlock. an ex-Stanford man. may
play one of the backs. Moody is try
ing for Quarter or end. Lange is do
ing well in practice as one of the ends.
Keegan is trying for guard, a posi
tion for which Abies of Southern Cal
ifornia is also out.
The team has been in training for
some time* on an Improvised field on
Bush street, between Hyde and Lar
kin. The men will leave on the 1:30
p. m. train to-morrow and will be ac
companied by a number of football
enthusiasts.
Frank Kington is trying for sub
stitute center. La Rue Is trying for
guard or tackle, while the Harper
brothers are out for quarter-back and
halfback. . *
Manager "Pete" Smith of the Olym
pic football team expects his men to
make ar good showing to-morrow at
Stanford when they line up against
the cardinal for the first game of the
season. The Olympic line will be
much stronger than last year. Cava
naugh will play center again. Srnock
will play Quarter-back and will be an
unusually heavy man for the posi
tion- Bishop of Belmont will play one
of the backs. Coach Reed says he
would make the best fullback on the
coast with another year's practice.
McFadden, an ex-captain of Stan
ford, will be at right -tackle,' while
Martin will play left tackle. Gaifey
will be one: of the guards: Thomas
will be at end or halfback.-
RJval Team= Will Open the. Season
To-Morrmr on the Carnpas at
Stanford Uni verity. -
OLY3IPIC FOOTBALL. EXEVEX
R£ADY FOR THE CARDINAL
ETAJKDC3CG OF TK2 O-UB3.
(PaciiJ Obk« L<cas^e-)
W.L Pet? VT.l^Pet.
Uem AcgHes.S* l> .47* 55aa Fraa 23 -- «•»
Taoc=a rr 2: iei»M«t^a«i » =• .t-i
•eauie sa Z* £II.»crtU=d »* 27 .124
The Angels went after their runs in a
systematic ciir.tr y^terday at Rec
reation Park. They got then all in
t»unch*s of threes, and would not ac
cept any that did not come that way.
Then th*y would lapse into retirement
for three rounds. &c<i start in to pile
cp three more. The Commuter* never
got busy, and the gaise ended & to L
Mr. Buchanan got «;uite a walloping—
in fact, cue of the best that he haa
yet b**n handed in this league. But
the walloping was not his downfall.
Dummy playing had much to do with
it. and as he contributed a couple of
the** plays hirrj-elf te is cne of the re
sponsible parties.
Bernard opened up the battle with a
drive over nr*t that took, a mean bound
a»ay from Streib and went for two
bag?. Then Sehlafiey erred on Flood's
bunt. Smith shoved one over Buchan
an's head that a lively young roan
wouSd have made into a double play.
Cravath alM tried the bunting game.
acd th.i5 time Sch!af!ey fell down ence
tnor*. after which Chase pulled off a
tingle and the three runs were assured.
Nothing more happened to stir the
facs mi the Angels began to wade in
again during the fifth. A couple of hits
end a cocple of dummy plays made a
full hw». In the meantime two were
gorse. Tfce fans were rea^y to bet that
Buchanan wc-Id escape unscathed
when Row collided with a fast one and
ehot it out to right for a triple, clearing
eff every bag. That made it six.
Just as a reminder that they were
rtOl in the goine the Angels started to
<io seme heavy work in the ninth. This
time three, straight wallops sent the
last trio past the final jump. These
were legitimate runs with the excep
tion of the first, and were about the
cn'y ones that could be called such.
Gray, though wild at times, was a
puzzle that the Commuters never had
& chance to solve. The best they got
«£E a pzir of singles, and one of these
was a scratch. Gray contributed the
ccly Oakland run with a couple of
h*a*s on balls and a misplay at the
first bag In trying to take a throw from
Ct:a.se after two were down in the sec
end. The score:
OakUsi— L« A=gtl*»—
AB.P.HPA. AS. R.H.P.A.
F>i,'Iiji *»*>«• Bers-L cf 5 2 1 1 O
O«=.>T.-* a * l» 5 •» rJiVLSs 3 1 1 I 7
DB'tr.'! 3 O I IO Sdtti^b 5 3 3 2 3
fVtij^b • *> # I 2<~ravth.rf 4 » 1 3 ©
Krratr.<rf « 4 » * 1 Okase.lh 5 2 3 I« 1
Ptr«b.lb 2 » 0 * 2 TM=aJi.ss 5 1112
I>VTTrx.2b 4 •> *> 1 4 R/mw. If . 4 *) 1 © 0
Ftark. «¦ 2 1 I 7 1'Sptea.c. 4 0 13 1
Bo-haa-p 2 <» » <> 3 Gray, p 4 # 1 0 1
Tctals 2? 1 2 27 13 ' Tctais » 9 13 27 15
ET"V5 AX» HITS BT IXN'IXGS.
Is* *.rx*:<* 3 O * © 3 » » © 3 — 9
Ba»» sits Z *f *> 2 3 • 2 O 3— 1J
OsfcUad * fl 1 0 © © © © ©— 1
E*«« Mta ft*©*ii©or*-2
Et.TCMART.
*trlea fc*s*s — Tctzar. Gaaley C». Dss2»avy.
5- --. Tct=aa. Tfcr«-»-tas« hit— Rosa. Errors —
feefeuarr T>. Caaier. Flood. Gray. Two-base
kits— B*nstri Oha*». PacrlS^e. hits— Flood
O. ('rar^arh, Har±aram. Ftrst faa*» rm errcrs —
'mklarvS 2 t/» Aretes 3. First he*» «ra
«Ued tatts — Off Gray 4. Left en beses — Oak
!asd *. Lo* Arr»>« ". Strack oat— By
BsH-asaa X fcy Gray 2. Dnot;» play— FWxl
to Tonian. P»ue*i ta!5 — Etark- Time of game
— Ob# boor ac<i tfcirty-five irljrates. CtrjiTre —
S£cl>csal6.
Reserve stake. sixty-f«r tatries — Happy
Lad vs. Real Dccbess. Cara>t:» vs. CcsSde&W
CM Irossides vs. Jigazaaroo. Melroae vs.
Checkers. Lord Melbcore* rs. Haddlagtoa,
Lady M»=.:o t». Adjnatcr. Pert Pearl ?•-
Proper.^ Good as Gold vs. Prcspee, BrIIllaacy
vs. iitii of Gowr**, Fhtsat vs. F*;*» Alarai.
Ltsrsry vs. Mabel r. Real Pasha vs. Pail
L-Jztar. Altamax vs. Mirs Locille. Frank C
»-s. Firs Brick. Str Wlatca vs. Labcrin« B07.
Lolo Gfr! v». Fn-epert. Suaay 5oath vs. Bob
R. Prootet!i*as vs. Molly Me. Ccacord Bey
vs. Star £ylvaaB.«. Brewery Maid vs. Ready
Addresa. 4?ad Saas vs. Reckless Re»e. D R
vs. P.-A'.izf Boer. Big Klamath vs. Clarice,
rrtsky Boy vt. Bright Coismbia. Lneky
Shaairoek vs. Doc Bcrr». Piker vs. Water
Maid. Sttagar-* vs. Fair Flying. Dartaway
vs. Manro. Tom HurDek vs. Pretterlew.
RapM Water vs. Wattles. Jerry Wright vs.
Haughty Helen. Rcyal 9p«rtt v«. Idaho Boy.
Clas» stake. forty-e!»ht entries — Eastlake v«.
Bctte City. Hooerl Jcha v«. Rcyal Friend.
Bright 'Fortace vs. Lucy Ctalr. Shadow vs.
Foxhtjater, GcAita Garter vs. Lost Cisord.
TVxas Betty v«. Orstna. Modest Beanty v*.
Glaaeos, Oomiaerriat Traveler vs. Mar Tcanl
»». Qi}«ea's Mctto vs. Eagle. Red Brtck vs.
Rsral Artist. Aaea Rya« vs.' Mark Twain.
Mell»a«-oorl vs. Ga!vestct>. GaUant Glancer vs.
Modesto Bey. Visa vs. Tow KL-r. Clover
Blcss^m vs. Ccsett«. Laughtag Water vs.
Frank Dsan. Raaaway Actress vs. Sea Ltts.
Mi« Bru^-me! vs. leeUss. Belfast vs. Dca
Pedro. Silver Cfe>*d vs. Colored Lady. Rectcr
vs. Yoang Fearte«». Reckless Atrsbit vsl
PlcafiSly. Retaisoo Anliao vs. Ssoller, Trale*
Lass vs. Itfie Hill.
The reserve and class stakes to be
decided at. Ing-!eside Coursing Park to
morrow and Sunday have attracted a
l&rge list of high-class greyhounds. In
each event 'the hounds are evenly
matched and the trials should prove
interesting and exciting. Following is
the result of last night's draw:
Cracks Who Are Entered in
the Big Event Promise to
Make a Splendid Showing
Dolly Gray Holds Oakland
Under a Spell and Lets
Them Get but Two Hits
.START RALLY
IX FIKST
FIXE SPORT EXPECTED
ST. LOCI5, Sept. 15.— Twelve thou
sand persons saw a good card run off
to-day at Delmar track. They hissed
when Dawson, the short priced favor
j ite in the sixth race, failed to run in
i the money, under a suspiciously weak
r5de. Favorites and well "played sec
| ond choices won in every other event,
save the first. . The weather was clear
and the track slow. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furious*; three-year-cMj :
Bettias. Horse, VTetfht. Jockey. St. % Fla.
11 to 2— Dtaky. 1«.»> •L.lHcksos).- SSI 12
* to 1— Radical. USX (W.Duran). 4 3 4 2 ss
IV u. 1 — Always Faith!aLlU>Hwl) 1 13 3S '
Tfcne. 1:1s. Start poor. Won easily. Wln
rer. AJria Junes' b. f. by St. Leonards- Dask-
Tota KiJey ICM. Btrd Pood ICO. Feiix ilorx«»
itO. ' Flyiag Cfcarccal ltjO. ResponsiTe lw,
Casara 100. Cnishtd as camed.
SECOND RACE— J-ive and a half farloags;
two-yeax-c-tas:
B-i-irr. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fla.
*t»5 — Daawoo, 0» lD.Au«ttn>. 2 13 14
15 to 1 — Gasceane. 0* cL»eler) * *2 2 2
10 to 1— OptKioa. &5>R.XHck3ca>.. 5 ti, 31;
Ttase, •l:lC»i. Start gocd. Wca easily.
Wiaaer. T. P.- Hayes' co. *• b>* Dooald-Dalttt.
Miss Powell &5. WUlcwdene 106. My Eleanor
PS, Esccbosa 1C0. ins. Jocz!« lCrt. Platt 10>X i
Lady ilontu.'e ae. Edith Vice S3, Lakeport fti.
Calzhed as naaed.
THIRD RACE— Six and a half furloags;
foor-rear-oJds and up:
Bettinr. Horse. Weiyat, Jockey. St. K Ftn. ,
Erea— J. Greecbenr. 106'^'.Dcr> 3 lult
30tol — Ferotsla. 107 (Dcnegan).. S «4 2b
«tol— Darcj-. 1C6 (HoweU) 7 3 4 3 1H
Time, 1:2*H. Start rood. Woo easily.
Winner. F. M. Wiliiarss' br. h. «4) fcy Jo!Jen-
Oid Miw. TopaoU l(£. Miss Graacan 105.
Lovaile 105. Broodier 106. TrarnaUo* ion,
MarsaeUe ICO. Strader 103, Calshed as Banned.
FOURTH RACE— Six farlcag*; thr«e-year
oldc:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fla.
8 to 5— J.W.CNelil. K«> iH-Asd) 6 2 a 1 IH
4 to 1— Scotch Dance. 103 (Hwl) I 1 2 2 »4
6 to 5— Mafalda. 105 fD.Austis).. 5 5 3 3 2
Time. 1:16V Start good. Woa easily.
Wisner. E. Trotter's ch. g. by Peter McCtie-
Fern. Lusti? 103. AlgonqtOn 100, Tewer 190.
finished as naaied.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year
olds:
Bettiae. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
5 to 1 — Linda. 10* <D. AusUa).. 4 13 13
•10 to 1 — Borak. &»J /K. Anderson) S m 2^
8 to 1— L. Mercury, 101 iMcMln) 7 4 3 3 1
•Disujuallfled.
Tia>e. 1:©4»,. SUrt %wl. Woa easily.
Winner. T. P. Ha;es* br. f. by Wools
therre-ElU. Edith May U»>. Alice Platt 191.
Katie Crews 9«. Military Girl »«, Pharmacy 9^.
finished aa cased. 1 Edith May placed third.)
SIXTH RACK — One and aa eights miles;
four-year-olds and bd:
Betting. Hor*«. Weight. Jockey. St. , *i Fla.
7 to 1— J. Caatrclt. 101 <Atutin> 13 1 1 H
13 to 1— Bod Wood. 103 <Dugaa). 3 12 34
& to 1 — G. Light. 167 (Lindsey) 2 4 2 3 2
Time. 1 :ii»'v» . Start r-k..I. . Wen driviax- ;
Wlan-r. H. Pfefae's b. g. <4) by Falsalaos-
Mago. Hucera 102. £anc:!ssima 101. Pyrrho
102. Powccn 102. Ray 101. Barke Cocbranc 104.
Compass 1C2. Mnrarsr 102, finished as Raaaed.
SEVEXTH RACK— Six aad a half farloags;
feur-year-olds and ca:
BtlUr.*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St- «i Fla.
& to 2— Poximaol Pas. 102 rAndsn) 1 15 12
5 t«> 1— M!ss Manners. 107 <Austn> 2 3 1<42 H
3 to 2— Joe Goes, 111 Iff. Dagaa> 5 2 1 3 2
Time. 1:234- Start good. Won easily.
Wiener. J. K. Hughes' b. m. M) by Noqaois-
Ella BUckbura. Maverick lC>rt. Bab 104. Laora
Hacter JO*, ficished. aa naiaed.
' DEX3IAR ENTRIES.
ST LOUIS, Sept.. 15.— The
for to-morrow's races at Delmar fol
low: *
First race, flve furionfrs. seillag — Tlni Hurst
107. Jack Moran 10«. Aacna 100. MnnccTaaj
K*v. Captain BroUski 100. Lady Loa »«. Vol
tage »?, Prev«ntaUv, &s. Ethel's Pride ft«.
Chancy 95. Billy Handsel 95. Leila Hnn
ter 9>J.
Seo»>nd race. *ix furl"ncs — St. Paris 10*.
Kiowa Chief 108, Trjon HO, Bel Coecr 1OT.
Tellow Hammer 101. Muscoroir 8*. Torlo Vi.
Mair cf tfc* Order &». Sam Etrreas S6. Tftm .
Rcwe b% I^ookaway &?. Fannette M.
Third race, szxen farioags. setltcg — Whis
kers V». King's Charm 10*. Thiib* 106. El
eanor Howard 1C*. A«rgie Lewis 104. John II
100. Preaknees 97. Eugenie B 94, Milton
Tour.g «2.
Fourth race, eleven -sixieeath* of a mile.
pcrs« — Pinkerton 113. Lay»sa 99. AH»a Avon
&?;. Red Leaf W. Arlena 9<5. Aanabelle Lee ©«.
Fifth race, fix furloags — Coiaiaodore 100,
Ice Water 10£, Kindred 101, Barkleylte &«,
Lasso 9S.
Sixth race. «n« «nd three-sixteenths iKiles.
pelting — S5t. Sotnonian I0O. John McGark 10O.
Ocd»narde lfX>. Marmur 100. J^idge Cantriil
100. Georee Vivian IPO. Barca !». Edgardo 65.
Harry K &5, Drummcad 93. Secondos »5, D-.
Rlley 95.
FIFTH RACE>-Oae nsile; thr«e-year-c!&:
selUni:
& ttlnj Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 5— Wdlwn BeiJe. 106 <NicoI> 5 1 nk 1 3« a
11 to 2— C UlJter. 165 (Harris).. 4 «5 25 2 h
13 xa 5— Cypriecne, 1C5 (Anbcba). 1 2 12 3 «
Tln^e 1:43 2-5. Start rood. Wca easily.
Wiaa-r J. B. R««p^s' b. f. by Ussak-Thcra.
Bea Heywocd 113. Pauctillo 110, Watermeloa
106. GoUi Banner 1CS. finished as earned.
SIXTH RACE — On« and a sixteenth miles:
*»:::.-.«¦ : ttree->-ear-oH» and up:
P^ttlnc Hflrse. Weight. Jockey. St % Fla
g to 2— Atlantlco, 107 (Lawrence) 3 3 H 1 2
7 to 2— Dun^annon. 1CJ <McErd> 12 2 2 1
10 to I— Sw»et Ton*. 100 <Anbcha) 2 1 h 3 4
Tins* 1:50. Start fair. Wca handily. Win
ter G W Ea!d-*1a Sc Co.'e ca. c. (3) by Vlnc
tor-Atiaata C Duttfn! I0O. Volla lfrt Para
m/yent 111, LoutevHle 102. Cassara IC7, finished
as named.
SEVEXTH RACE— FJt* and a half furlongs;
tune; two-y*ar-ot<ls : '
E'.ttlng. Hcrse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fia.
9 to 2— La Lcade. Ill JTroxler).. « 3 2 1 h
« to I— Bowllnjt Brd*. 1C3 INlcol) 5 1 H 2 1
4 to l^-Ajrrsr. no < Wilson) 4 22 32
Time 1:C9 1-5. Start good. Woa drfvtc*.
Winc*r. J S. Barbee"» b!k. t. by Top Gallant-
My Gyp. Ct<?arli?hter 110. Florentine ltn.
Michael Byrne* 1<XJ. Devom lM. Down Patrick
1(3, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlonci ; Fleetwood
Handicap - all ares:
Bettirg. Horse. Weight. Jociey. St. % FSn.
5 to 1— Delagoa. 117 < Aubaebon) 4 14 II
7 to 1— Floral King. 110 <Lar»ea) 5 2 h 2 ck
11 to 2— Big Ben. 120 «Prior> 6« 32
Ttae 1:13 1-5. Start rood. Wen easiiy.
Wlnn*r S. C. Uiianih'a b. ra. <5> by Klng
•toa-Rbcdesla. McGee 119. KBrtzpana *S.
Nannie Hoi«e 103, Anaiia* 1W. fiaUaed a*
caiaed.
THIRD RACE — Ml> and Berenty yards ;
parse: taree-year-ol<i« asd op: -
B"*Vr.*. Hen*. Weight. Jockey. St. %i Fia.
2ti5— DaJvay. '^7 tXJcol) 4 2 2416
5 to 1— Pert P^yal. 112 « Henry) 2 3« 25
11 to 2— Fel'.p* Logo, VI <Lewis). 1 1 242 10
Tl=>e 1:*5 3-3. start rood. Woa gaUcrpia^.
Wlan"' M. H. Tichener A Co.*« ca. c (i» by
The Ccnuconer-LeTltaa- Sir Hurh XCO. al«»
ran.
SBCOND RACE — One asKe; aelUzig: three
year-olds :
H~i.\izz. Hor»». Weight. Jockey. St. K. Fin.
€Otol— Arab, IK- (UcBride) 3 22 11
12tol— &i£g. Stajster. 1 10 < Henry) 5 5 nk 2 nk
15 to 1— Tminj«a»». ltt* iMomm) 2 113 2
Tlnie 1:44 Start B'jod. Won easily. Wln
eer. R' F. Daube & Co.'s b. «f. by Mirthful-
BeQe Hort. £t- Blae 105. Chockayotte 106.
Alamode 110. Ussasio 1CZ. Linda. Leib 105,
S^Urate 1C7. Anaorer 1C8, Octo Cafe 113. fia
iibt-i as eased.
FII£5T-RACE — Five fartcsigs; perse; two-
Jtar-«H inaJdea C!tK**:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey- SC *i Fia
8 to 2— Grac* Elliot, 105 «Wfrid).19 3 2 12
7 W 1— Banhfcrd BeUe.ICS <Trcx) « 1 4 2 4
4 to 1— Swedish La£y.lC3 (Xtool) 4 9 4 3 4
Tte*. 1:C2 3-i Start fair. Wontasly. Wia
o*r, Kratin* * Keeker's br. t. by Flying
Datctman-Sii-^r to Hindoo Craft. Lone 1C5>.
Prtac**» Zola " IOC. Harem Searuni IC6. 7>art
idS Maaaajrre 1CT. Asaie Al.^:« It*. M*ry
i>lri 1€S Kthe! Barrynsc-re 1CS, Bes«ie Vasey
106. L-tcea. Lee 1C5. Xarparet H 1». Tuca 103,
The weather was ideal for racing, be
ing an ideal Indian summer afternoon.
This fact drew out a much better
crowd than usuaL Summaries:
CHICAGO, Sept. li— S. C. Hildreth'a
Delagox with 117 pounds up, and at
fire to one in the betung, -won the
Fleetwood Handicap, the feature event
at Hawthorne this afternoon, easily
by two lengths. Floral King was sec
ond, with Big Ben a neck away In
third place. Delagoa was much the
best and had speed to loan. She broke
in front, raced Floral King into sub
mission, cut him off at the far turn
and then went on and was never head
ed. The ctake was worth J1S60 to the
¦k inner".
. M- H. Tlchenor &. Co.'s good
colt Dalvay. which is one of the best
three-year-olds In training here, con
tinued his winning career by annexing
the third race with ease from Port
Royal, which he beat six lengths. Over
a track far from its best Dalvay cov
ered the mile and seventy yards in
1:45 3-5 against the record of l:«rs-
S;<cia] Disrates to Th« Can.
Special Dispatch to Th«-C*1L
Time. 1:07 3-5. Start fair. W» ?&•:!--• WJn-
D*r. C. A. A;r.f«i: V* b. c. by Ha»J»l-Sw*et
Too. Asber Jack. Pelha.ni. Mi«s Jordan.
r.i'iL. Prise*. t>3rotfcy Gr*y. Oxford. Witch
Hazel, Rtstdt d'Arkie. Replevin, finished as
SIXTH RACE— Fne a=4 a half furlon««
pa?»e; twc-year-«$<I»:
3*ttJ=«. Hcr»e. WeSrfet. Jorkey. St. *i Fin.
16 to 1— Jim Beattie 102 iCrtnine) 1 13 13
2 to 1— BHic&cr. 102 <HiM«braivl) 2 2 3 2 6
2 to 1 — Zeala* ICO <Lrne> 5 5 2 3 5
FIFTH RACE — One mile aad a
' i^i'.- «p for thrte-yea.r-ol'ls and up:
E*<ftia«. Hcrte, W«t«ht. Jockey. St. *i Fla.
17 to 14 — Ef»rter. 1C7 <H3debrasd> 1 1 & 1 3
17 to lh— AfricaraJer. 12* «rrK«TI» 2 3 3 -2 ft
l*to &— Otrtja»?:e, 112 <Re<ifn> 4 4 3 12
TJoe, 2:65 4-5. Start b*4. "Won (SrlTtay.
Wisser. O>c«hacre'» »tab!e» br. g. by At&elisg-
Ga!a. !-:•:• oT Keadal a!so ran.
FOfRTH RACE— eu forloexi: tie Mercury
Haodv-ap. for rw<vye»r-cJ<i« and op:
B*tti=*. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fla.
£> to 1— Kin« Pepper. 9* O"rvrs)12 141b
3H to 1— Stiaecla, 10* (KDiebnl) 5 5 2 2 si
5 to 1— Lt. Atselia. 127 (Red^r) 2 113 4
T"aa» 1:13 Start bad. Won driving. Win
ner. F. Fairer« eh. g. by Kanttka^Generieve-
L«".r.: ii*. CcHertor Jecacp. Eflvtaation. Scbu
lasite. 'Watersld*. Herat Park, Aosrol. ftsl*:ed
as eased.
THIRD RACE— Six fcrlocsa; three- j*ar-cWs
B*tti^K* Hor**. Weight, Jockey. £t- ?i Fla.
2 to 1— I«hi*Jia. 9* <»r*r*i=«r»--- 4 51 11
etol— Vaa N«*a, 110 'Barca).. % 7h 2h
15tol— €ai*. Ill (HikSe*raa«l)...ll * Ik {
Ttae. 1 :13 a-*. Start fair. Wen «irrri=g. {
Wteser. J. A. Drake' a br. f- by £t- Gatie=-
DCri=»- Moc«. Ca«-.a:!a=. Thiatie Heatfcer. |
Ma; •-..- Peliiarx Clear ti* Arena. Ehijwfcape. I
Trsvat/ic. All Ri«iT. Va«*ry. Trsdercrest fla- j
s?;*i as bie<£.
Tt=*. 1:47 1-8. Sun poor. Won drl-rtny.
XTi=n*r. V.'. I.. <Xiver"» b. g. ty B*d**-lf oci-
Ica* Bird. Brianiorpe, Clscrcaatus finished as
ramed.
FIRST RACE— Six fsrfo=*8; two-year-ell*;
*e'li=*-: .
S*ttirMf. Hot*. WeicSt. Jockey. St. % Fis.
*5 to i— I>"jct !stv, 112 '.-""."¦_*¦*">-. 2 ll>)lh
Stol— Ike S. WZ <Hi24rtr*»l)-. 7 4 1 2£
ifj to I— £alt aad Pep..lfM<H-PfciI) 6 « 1 S *i
Ttee. 1:14 C-5- inart f*x»r. Wca drtrtcg.
VTa»r. C. H. BtatOtM b. c by K=t*ht cf tbt
TtHtle-Dsas*. K*joe, R- L. Jofcnatsn. Vi
c«::4. Ir.-i.»= Star, Jwecaga. Kiaa* '>-¦*. M.£
tia. Auto Hood. Graai £racb*ss. Baela, I>el
casta, Irtih J«w £=iah**l aa eaised.
eEOON'D RACE— On* a-M a nxteecth tsiie*;
three- y»ar-«;id» aad cp; perse:
B*ttic«. Hor**. Weictst. Jockey. Et. %i Fin.
5 to 5— Lord BaAre. 112 < W.Dri) 2 1113
I* ta I— New Tork. Il£.Crt=ii3s> 5 2 1 2 4
12 to 5— Irt=:pi». 10T »Bedfer=>.. 4 31 3«
S?*cUl Dtspates to The Call.
BRIGHTON BEACH, Sept. 15. — A
first-class vehicle of speculation was
afforded by the Mercury handicap to
day, so cleverly had the weights been
assigned- Top weight, 127 pounds,
was on Lady Amelia, whose remark
ably clever victory over this track a?
the July meeting made many fancy
her chances to-day, despite her
weight. King Pepper, at 20 to 1, beat
the barrier, but gave way to Lady
Amelia on the back stretch- The
Thomas mare led thereafter until tne
last hundred yards, when her stride
shortened palpably, and King Pepper
and Mineola fonght it out. the first
named winning by a head.
Africander, winner of the Brighton
Preliminary, was unlucky to-day In
the mile and a quarter handicap. His
principal opponent. Spring, was off
running, while his three opponents
were sJow to begin. After six furlongs
had been covered O'Neill, on Afri
cander, in alarm at the lead still re
tained by Spring began to urge his
n-.cur.t. This had a good effect, as tne
gap- of daylight was gradually reduced
by him, but not enough to win. Spring
Lasted long enough to win by a lengtn
and a half. He was all out and lucky
to get home first. It was Hildebrand's
first winning mount of the meeting.*
Summary:
Commuters Do Some Dummy
Work and Angels Souse
Buchanan at Bight Time
Beserve and Class Stakes
to Be Run at Ingleside
Attract 3Ianv Good Dogs
Sam Hildreth's Delagoa Cap
tures Fleetwood Handi
dicap at Hawthorne.
Dawson Is Beaten at Delmar
After a Suspiciously
Weak Ride.
Africander Loses to Spring,
Who Is Sent Away
Flying.
FAST HOUNDS
ARE MATCHED
TALLIES COME
IN BY THREES
KING PEPPER BEATS MINEOLA A HEAD
IN MERCURY HANDICAP AT BRIGHTON
ANGELS SURPRISE THE FANS BY LANDING HARD ON BUCHANAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 16. 1904.
Califorhian Athlete Now at Ann Arbor,
/With.,- Stirs a Storm of Protest by
Utterances Regarding Fighting Jeffries
COLLEGIANS ARE UPSET
BY ROSE'S DECLARATIONS
6
AD\t.aTIS£31ENTS.
There Is a Standard
<- Kr^/A cf th * ir *- raa r -h«-5
£= fttultk ** tk * £?<**** <*t tntv.zt
Jffijb&Ssl * C<J Bwtarbn. ad<1 tht
jSkSSeJi stret«th — h*»rj. oedhaa
< C^J^r^^*'^ *>t l!rt;> — !i a niatt*r of
1PB BEER
i|§dS Blatz Halt -Vitine
i^iixmr^j TIL EUTZ E2EW. CO,
|I^J|Ek||J&J1 SAM BIBO te CO,
Wnole»al« EeaJer*.
212 Battery st,
Tel. Main S8S9. . Ean TraaeUee.
r^SBB^m MENANDWOMEK.
nB&S&CCYzJ^mm C*e Big G for asnatcrai
JE8&* t to » Am^B 4I*char«ta4afi*t3imatUma.
£n' : *ZJ tturuM W irritatloaa or Blcer»tlca3
riCY MumMn. cf soeoti iu«ttbr*aea.
ir*"^ r»«««* c»«*«i—. PkinlaM. and not Mtrln-
l^^lTtlEUKtCKOfCtlCB. f «at or poiroBoo*.
faj aiglatILt JBBM »ol« fcy DrmcxUla,
TTOWlt G.fe.4. or a«st ln alala »r»r»«.
JH^^W br cxyraM, prepaid, tar
X^SBUKotI tiin.orStMtUtan.7l.
¦ cirmla* tmt «o nttmt
¦ ¦
FREE - — - FREE— — FREE
STERILIZED SAI7T.
Two Packages of
liESLIE STERIUZED - SAI/T,.
Made in California and subject-
ed to ; the most searching .meth-
od* of scientific manufacture
before being placed On the mar-
ket. ¦¦ r:J,r : - ;.:.* '.:'¦¦¦ . ;;.
A two-poand package for tbe
table.
A two-pound package for the
bath.
Chemically pure and every
package sterilixed.
••¦•.-; FREE '' TO WANT AD. .
PATRONS OF. NEXT
SUNDAY'S CAMj.
See announcement on Classified
BagBat^p:: Page.
ADVERTISEMESTSL
• ¦ ... .
I MEN, I HAVE THE CUBE
o I wxnt to talk to tn*n who hvr» pairs
o ~i--r:*SZ>*. and ache*, who fe*l mn down physically.
O aSj'i£^ISS^^a» who reali »« tii*t th* old ~Sre- 'a=d *a-
O -flllT' . jjiiMiw^r'i j> *"ry wcich wm* so »vident L= youth !»
O 4^R^^ a^ent now: naen who can"t star.d ti»
O f acaonnt of exertion tiey coold years a<ro.
o fiflGKgsgK la I want yoa — if that means you — ta *?-
<5 El-jpifa. W& what I have don» for others who w-r«»
6 t^-^SSBSmt W ust * s cff - That'* nsy Introduction.*
n l r "?'V> ' <?%¦* ~sL^e^^L. If a friend In when yoa had ctmAdene*
<S -|^Ct presenteti some o:ie to ycra and
O ti&F&J&gSfcrSS' Rf^V "Jack, heres Brown, he h« made !~y>i-
O mtS^SM^^ "H8 V*" \ with me. and I trust ht=3.~ wouldn't you
O 1 trust him. too? If too will tell m* wh-re
O »\!3K»§& JL^-l' 1 rou * r? 1 win « r1v * y° a th « nice of a
<> «^sHPSSI?tf-^Wc\ I C1 * a ta >"° ur Ow = town whom I h*,ve
O i - cored.
I WmBM ] Wil1 Pa - Y 5 1 - 080 Fof fc't
9. XSSkj* For * cas * of N'*rrou? rVMJity. Varico-
O MukSl^- fvE'^&'^'Je^ cele. Rheuir.atisr:. Lan:e Rscit. Lan>»-
O J8&M£&&&*J^^& s *iit3&k. Kr> ' gcl * i! «»- any ca»* o* Kidney DIseaM
Q that b* 8 n< *t gr>ce as far 3.1 Bricht's Dis-
8 v»gg^WWfl|-^'PaaEnB«W^ ease. Indipestron. Const5p*tion or any
O -^^^^^g^^^^^^SSSg^CI \%-eakney!« which I cannot cure with mr
•Of -%^£%?£z\' ** 1 n * w Iniproved Electric Belt.- the njarvel
Q . - - -. > of electricians, the njost wonderful cura-
tive device that has ever been introduced. This Belt is complete with. Fre«
# Electric Suspensory- - -
q This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct and cures all weaJc-
g nesses of men. varicocele. etc. It develops and expands all weak nerves
g and checks a loss of -vitality. No eas* of Failics; Vigor. Varicccele or
g Debility can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It nev«r fails to
« Mr. E. F. Lohman. Hooker. Cal.. writes. March 11: "T&a. f*«Uac <rf despoadeacr
M Is rone, and I have perTsct conad+nc« in myself now. Tm a w*H man." *—««-»
» No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vitalitv
» which renders life worth living. Ko man should allow himself to become
« less a man than nature Intended him. no man should suffer when there t*
g at hand a certain, cure for his weakness. »-»cro ra
« ; Every man ¦ who uses my Belt seta the advice and counsel oft nnysi-
g cian free. I give you all that any medical man can irtve, acd a lot that
S FREE BOOK. nE«5S.5 e 2i* Wf !'S"5 t °:* ur . "I mT h^"' ta '
I Dp. Al O McLaughlin,
§ Office Hours— s a. m. to * p, ta. Sundays, 10 to 1.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to. San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city (rent (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide it the same at both place*.
FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER 16.
Sun rise*...'.... r>:51
Bun sets.......' ..'...".-.... 6:18
Moon rl»e«.. 11:26 p. m.
C Tlnae| ITlnoe (Time / Time
m 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. -,
9 HW] |L W JH W . L W
16 T?30 4.110:22 S.0I 4:37 5.0 11:42 0.5
17 0:43 4.111:36 3.115:40 4.8 ..........
L W H W L W ' HW
18 I 0:43 0.4 7:48 ¦ 4.4 12:48 3.1 8:48 4.8
19 1:40 0.3 8:42 ¦ 4.6 1:50 2.0 7:51 4.S
20 2:28i 0.3 9:27 ; 4.8J 2:<2| 2.6! 8:47 .4.8
"~NOTE — In the above . exposition of the. tide*
the early. morning tides are given in the left
- hand column • and the successive tides of • the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except, when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs.* The . heights given . are ' la
addition to the soundings of the United State*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( ) i
•Urn crecedc* the height, and then the number
SHIFPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, 6ept 15.
Etmr F A Kllborn, Thompson, 7 hour* from
Port Rodger*.
Etmr Melville Dollar, Fosen. 38 hour* from
Ocean Park.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. 18 houra 'from
Mendocino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 41 hour* from
Ban Diego and way ports.
Stmr Jeanle. Bartlett. 93 hours from Seattle.
Br chip British Isles. Barker. 123 day* from
Antwerp.
Fr bark General de Nerrier. Denlo, 81 day*
from Newcastle, Aus.
Schr Fancr Dutard, Anderson. 6 day* from
Wlllepa Harbor.
Schr C T Hill. Mellburg, 7 day* from Tilla
msok.
Ecbr Ida, Campbell. 6 houra from Point
Reye». , . ¦ .
CLEARED.
Thursday, Sept IS.
Ger ttmr Hathor Kor-p, Hamburg and way
port*: 3 D Eoreckels Bros & Co.
Br itmr WyefleJd, Wataon, Comox, B C;
Western Fnel Company.
Stmr Coos Bay. Johnson. San Pedro and way
ports; Pacific Coast Steamafalp Company.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, Eureka: Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. . „¦ -¦
Fr bark Bayard, LechVven, Queenatown; E
C Evana. ' .- . -
¦ BAILED.
Thursday, ¦ Sept 15.
U K stmr Manning. Fenger. San Diego.
I' S Hirr Boston. Hubbard. cruise.
etmr Rainier. Hanaen. Seattle.
Stmr State of California, Xicolscm, Ean
DicRO.
Stmr Eureka, Je«*en. Eureka.
Stair North Fork. Nelson, Eureka.
gtmr F A Kllburn. Thompson, Port Rodgere.
Stmr Mandalay. Emith. ' Eureka.
Etmr Chico, Martin. Bandcn.
Br stmr Wyefield. Watson, Comox.
Btmr Wltltesboro. OJmd, Point Arena. .
6'mr Brunswick. Ellefscn. Fort Brae*.
Stmr South Coast Olsen. Casoar.
Etmr Greenwood. WaKlg, Little River.
Stinr Porno. Ahlln, Point Arena and Albion.
Stmr Brealruater. Seaman. Cooa Bay.
! Schr Mary Etta. Beck. Fish Rock. .
Sohr Lizzie Vance.- Tiejen, Grays Harbor.
Bchr C A Klwie, M»rcer, Coquille River.
Schr Confianea, Johnson. • Notley* Landtng. .
Schr Bes*»o K. Stark. 8aa Vicente Landtag.
SPOKEN.
i Auc 21— Lat 4« S. long 61 W. Ber bark
gchwarxenbek, from Hamburg, for Santa Ro
*"per tag Sea Queen. Sept 14 — Off Noonday
Rock. Brfhlp British ls'cs. from Antwerp, for
San Francisco. • ¦ "
• TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBCP, Sept 15. 10 P m— Weather
feegy; wtod-SW; velocity six miles per hoar.
DOMESTIC PORTS. - .
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr St Paul. ,
Jor San - Francisco. : via Ladysmlth; etmr > T»-
Guardian for Lowenthal.
An application for guardianship
pa.per» for II. H. Lowenthal waa filed
ye«tterday by Jacob Bernhard. Low
rnthaJ was at one time a brilliant at
torney, but his mental faculties have
been weakened by disease. He has
been mffertnJT for many years.
LETSOX BALLIET AGAIX
INVOLVED IX LAWSUIT
New Postmaster at El Modena.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 15.^ — Daniel
W. Lentz " was to-day commissioned
postmaster at El Modena, Cal. .
Manipulator of Mining Stocks Ap
pears This Time in the Role
of Plaintiff. •
Letson Balliet is once more involved
in a lawsuit. This time he appears as
the plaintiff. He applied yesterday
for an injunction to restrain the di
rectors of the White Swan Mining
.Company from selling 133,000 shares
of stock 'in the corporation to pay a
delinquent assessment.-
Balliet alleges on several grounds
that the assessment is illegal. He says
that the directors who levied it- are
In a conspiracy against him. Balliet
maintains that they represent a 'very
small percentage of shares of the cor
poration. He* also alleges that the
assessment was levied without proper
notice. The directors of the White
Swan Mining Company are C. H. Stul
ler, J. W. Woodward,' L. W. Lykke,
Ole Scar, T. A. Dawe, Godfrey Baehr,
M. T. Wilson and. E.H.Bancs..
Son, Moon and Tide.
Captain Itsid of the schooner Okanogan re
ports to the Branch Hydrographlc Office that
on June 20. 1904, he passed within 500 feet of
a rock over which the eea was breaking heavi
ly. Position, latitude north 32 degreec 19 min
utes, longitude east 139 degrees 03 minutes
J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In Charge.
Notice to Mariners.
Th« French bark Bayard was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown, for orders, with 53,496
ctU barley, valued at 964,194. and 13.440 ctls
wheat, valued at $20,055. The vessel also car
ried 10,000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at
JIM.
Grain for Europe.
Matters. of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Trc» British eblp Routenburn proceeds In
ballast to NewcaMJe. Australia.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
The Registrar has made two drafts,
the. first for thirty men and the .last
for twenty. Auditor Baehr has made
one draft of sixty men for his depart
ment and says that he may need
seventy- five before the work is fin
ished. These demands necessitate
great activity in the Civil Service De
partment. ?:^m
The Civil Service Commission hag
been applied to for drafts of clerks to
fill positions in the Auditor's and
Rpgisrrar's departments. A total of
110 clerks will be assigned as soon ns
possible in these two departments to
cover the extra amount of work neces
sary in handling ttie new tax rolls for
next >ear and the election business,
which will Increase from now on.
Ileavy Drafts for Men Come From
Auditor's and Registrar's
Departments.
CIVIL SERVICE SENDS |
FOR EXTRA CLERKS
."The Wizard of Oz" has taken
America, by storm. The opening illu
s'on. showing the transition from
earth to fairyland, provides a foretaste
of the succession of wonders that fol
low. Perhaps. 'the most marvelous
work of stagecraft In the production
is thr- transformation at the end of
the . first act, where a field of poppy
flowers in full bloom is meta
morphosed from summer to winter.
The stage Is daflc at first and then
rr.in falls gently and" through the rain
oue discerns a field of gorgeous poppy
flowers of gigantic size. The rain
ceases, the sun rises," a golden glow
fills the atmosphere and emphasizes
th.e scarlet of the flowers, which are
discovered to be young and graceful
women. But scenery and pretty girls
are merely Incidentals of the extrava
ganzji.' It is the hearty, wholesome
fun of "The Wizard of Oz" which de-
Itght3 the audience and sends people
away from the theater in a glow of
good humor andt enthusiasm. The
Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman are
uproariously funny and keep the ball
of fun rolling all the. time they are on
the stage. The comical Lion and the
skittish Heifer, graphically .imperson
ated Y.y adepts in silent fun, are amus
ing not only to children but to grown
ups as well. Owing to the extreme
length of the performance and the
number of encores that all of the
pongs reap nightly the management
announces that the - curtain will rise
punctually at 8 o'clock. The opening
scene, showing the Kansas cyclone, »s
an exceptionally clever illusion, and
patrons are requested to come early
and w.'tness this realistic presentment
of the cyclone. Commencing Monday,
September 19, an engagement of two
weeks, with Sundays included, will
be played at the Columbia Theater.
"The Wizard of Oz" Coming.
A dispatch from Montevideo says the re
pairs to the French ship General Foy. which
put into that oort damaged, will be finished
In about twenty-five days, at a cost of $6UOO.
G. Allen of the array transport Sheridan
was brought to the Harbor Emergency Hospi
tal yesterday with his right leg fractured. A
heavy weight fell upon the limb while Allen
was working aboard the vessel.
Water Front Xotes.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Santa Ana Peldovla & Way Ports. Sept. 16
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. IS
Dolphin " Skagway & Way Ports Sept.' 20
Olympia Nome & N. E. Siberia. Sept 20
D lrljro Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 21
Garonne Nome Sept. 24
-Farallon Skagway & Way Ports|Sept. 27
FROM SEATTLE.
A new list oi overdue vessels with reinsur
ance Is posted on the Merchants' Exchange
board. The delays are as follows:
Berdowie. 1M days from Geelong to Fal
mcuth. S r>er cent.
Sierra Lucena. 110 days from Mauritius to
Cork, 8 »er cent.
Crown of Germany. 5S days from Shanghai
to Royal Roads, 5 per cent. '
Mollere, 51 days from Shanghai to Royal
Roads, 5 wr cent. . :, ,
Overdue Squadron.
William Parker, the popular second officer
of the Korea, has been made first officer of
the Bamcouta. Parker came to this coast in
the Korea as third officer, went to the sec
ond officer'* place and now, in the cours* of
advancement, is a "•first."
First Officer Parker.
The Arrow will carry 400 passengers and
cteam 22 knots an hour. She will alternate
with the General Frisble.
Hatch Brothers' new steamer Arrow, which
was brought to this port from Seattle, has
been refitted and with new engines and boilers
will go on the run between this city and
Vallejo next Tuesday. She is* a handsome
boat and no expense has been spared In pre
paring her for the accommodation of pas
sengers.
Xew Vallejo Packet.
coma, for Nome. Sept 15 — Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Seot 14 — Stmr Humboldt. from
Ekagway. Sept 15 — Stmr City of Puebla.
hence Sept 12. '. <¦
TATOOSH— Pawed out Sept 15— Schr Robert
Searles. from Port Hadlock, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sect 14— Stmr Alliance,
for Eureka and San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sect J5— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay.
Sailed Sept 15— Etmr Toledo, for Crescent
City.
Arrived Seot 15— Schr James Roloh, from
San Pedro.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Asun
cion, from Redondo.
REDONDO — Arrived Sept 15 — Schr Azalea,
from Eureka: stmr Lakme. from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 14— Schr E
K Wood, hence Auk 29.
Sailed Sept 14— Schr Guide, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Northland.
fcr ban Francisco.
Arrived Seot -15 — Stmr Geo JLoomis, hence
Sept 12. . • . - • - *
Sailed Sejst 15— Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco.
UMPQUA RIVER— Arrived Sept 14— Schr
Lily, hence Aug 28; schr Caroline, from San
Pedro.
UNION LANDING — Arrived Sept 15— Stmr
National City.
HARDY CREEK — Sailed Sept 15 — Stmr
Marshfleld, for San Dleso. ¦ . ¦ '.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Bept 15— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
MUKILTEO— Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for San Pedro.
FARALLON ISLANDS— Passed Sept 15, 5
p m — Shlo Ccntenlal, from Cooks Inlet, for
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived EeDt 15— Stmr Bee,
from Astoria; stmr San Pedro, hence Sept 13.
Sailt-d Seot 15 — .Stmr Despatch, for San
Francifeo; schr Mabel Gale, for Astoria.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Sept 15— Schr Wa
wona. hence Aue 22.
VENTURA — Sailed Sept 15 — Stmr Asuncion,
for Kan Francisco. ¦.>'-."' , ;
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sev% 15— Stmr Sierra,
for Sydney.
Sailed SeDt 15 — Br stmr Cootie, for Hong
kong, etc.
KAHULUI— Sailed Sept 14— Bktn Hawaii, for
Yokohama. '. .
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 14— Stmr
Finance, from Colon.
Sailed Sept 15— Ship William P Fry«, tor
Shanghai.
FOREIGN PORTS.
RIO DE JANEIRO — Arriveg SeDt 13 — U S
stmr Tacoma, from cruise in search of miss
ing etmr Conemaugb.
ANCON — To sail Pent 6— Stmr City of Syd
ney, for San Francisco, via way ports.
ANTWERP — Arrived gept 13 — Fr bark La
j Fontaine, from Portland. Ore.
HONGKONG— Arrived Sept 3— Br stmr Tele
! machus, from Clyde. Sept 15 — Br etmr Doric,
hence Aug 18.
; CORONEL— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr CWlfor
nlan." from New York, and sails Sept 16 for
Ean Francisco.
SAN BLAS— Sailed Sect 10— Stmr Peru, for
j San Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Sept 10— Stmr City of
Panama, for Ancon. Sept 13 — Stmr San Sb&a.
for San Francisco.
NAGASAKI — Arrived. Sept 14— U S etmr
Dlx, from Manila, for Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed SeDt* 15 — Stmr La
Touraine. from Havre; stmr Hamburg, from
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr
Koenlg Albert, from Bremen, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg: stmr Numidlan, from Glasgow;
stmr Patricia, from, Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived 6er>t 34— Stmr Lake
Michigan, from Montreal; stmr Merion from
Philadelphia. • '
CHERBOURG — Arrived Sept 14 — Stmr
Moltke. from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, sad oroceeded. ¦
¦ QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Re
public, from . Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed SeDt 15— Stmr Teutonic, from' lArer
pool, for New York.
Sailed Sept 15 — Stmr Noordland, from Liv
erpool, for Philadelphia.
HAVRE — Arrived Sept 16 —^tmr Eavole,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Seat 15— Stmr"
Baltic, from New York.
GLASGOW — Sailed Seot 14 — Stmr Siberian,
for St Johns. N F. and Philadelphia.
MANCHESTER, — Arrived • Sept 14 Stmr
Iberian, 'from Boston. •
GENOA— Arrived Sect 13— Stmr Nord Amer
ica, from Naples, for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Graf
Waldersee. from New York, via Dover. -'
A dispatch from London yesterday states
that the British ship Corunna. which waa re
cently wrecked on one- of £he Falkland Is
lands, is bein? exoosed to bad weather as
she lies on the beach. The deck has hogged,
cr doubled ur> and the mainmast has buckled
and it Is doubtful if she can be saved. The
wreckers hope they can save about 600 tons of
cargo, but the remainder is submersed and
will h<- lost. Tne vessel was bound from Ant
werp for Seattle.
Corunna a Total yVreek.
Steamer. Destination. Saili. Pier.
September 16.
M. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Chico Coquille River 10 am Pier 2
G. LJndauer. Grays Harbor 1'pmPler 4
Northland.. S.Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 27
6. Monica... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... [Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Ccrona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Hathor Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 19«
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Iaqua .! Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
I September 17.
Sequoia WiUapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pier 20
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt Arena...! Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier j 9
Barracouta. N. Y. via Ancon... 12 m Pier 40
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 am Pier '7
September 18.
Centralia-... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
8. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
September 19.
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka & Coos B.. 5 pm Pier 16
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 20
September 20.
Oregonlan.. New York pier 25
Eurika Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Elizabeth... Coquille River 5 pm Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 mlPter 13
Korea. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 am|Pier 11
September 21. |
Arctic Humboldt 9 amjPler 2
September 32. . |
Ponio Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm PJer 2
State ofCal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct 5 pm Pier 8
Queen Puget Sound Ports, 11 am Pier 9
Pi*** ' September 23.
North Fork. Humboldt .... 5 pm Pier 20
September 24. . J
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 27
Columbia... Astoria 4: Portland 11 am Pier 24
Peru... n. T. via Ancon... |12 m Pier 40
TO SAIL
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Sept. 15—3 p. m.
The fdlcwinr maximum and minimum tem
peralurfE are reported for the previous day:
Cincunat .eSMSj'Ncw Orleans ttO-72 '
Boston 74-5^Philadelphia 7G-5O i
Jacksonville S0-7ii|\Vashlngton 72-54
St Louis G4-jfj.\'<w York... 7'i-52
Chicago 58-41 U'ittsburg S2-4S
SAN FRANCISCO C2-54
THE COAST RECORD. ~ "
S ? £ 3 ! 2« 2.
STATIONS. ~ 3 1 3 1 ? I§ | S S:
• 5 5 : -r §
¦<•''.'¦- • : : : ¦ ¦ • < ' •*'
Baker 30. CS SO 46 N'W Clear T(H)
Carson 30.00 70 50 S Cloudy Tr.
Kurefca ......30.04 • 50 &2 BW 'Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.84 100 «2 NW Clear .00
8. IT. Farallon.::0.63 oft 55 W Cloudy -CO 1
Klasrstaff 30.00 70 44 N Pt.Cldy Tr.
Pocatollo 29.9S S4 . 38 S Clear. .00
Independence .2'J.ftG 80 62 fiW Clear Tr.
Los Anselrs. .29.06 fiO IX -W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.SO.Ol S3 C« SW Clear .00
North Head... 30. 10 04 50 N Clear .00
Phocr.ix 29. S« 94 72 E Cloudy Tr.
Point Reyes.. 2>.». 09 5S 52 SW Cloudr .00
Portland aO.02 '70 4S NW Cloudy .00
R*d Dluff 20.82 *<2 62 S: Pt.Cldy .00
Rcseburg :JO.O4 72 46 W Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..20.92 S4 08 S Pt.Cldy .00
Salt I^ke 30.02 S2 52 S Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco.30.02 «2 54 W Clear .00
San L. Obispo.no. 00 74 60 W rt.CIdy .00
San Diego 29.04 76 CS NW Clear .00
StattI- 30.14 72 48 NW Clear , .00
Spokane 30.10 82 08 • N Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.14 50 44 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. 30.0tt 84 54- SW Cloudy .00
Winnemucca .30.00 S6 46 W Cloudy .00
Yuma 29. S2 100 76 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS Ai>D GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails in Southern California
and the San Joaqutn Valley, and generally
cioudy w«ather In other districts west of the
Rocky Mountains. Light showers and thunder
storms continue In Northern Arizona and the
southern portion of U»e Sierras.
The changes In pressure and temperature
have been slieht in all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 16:
Northern California — Cloudy Friday, probably
thunder storms in the Sierra; fresh west wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; light
west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday with thunder storms
in the rauntains.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
fresh west wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
light west wind.
Sacramento— Partly cloudy Friday.
Fresro — Partly cloudy Friday.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in charge.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Peru New York via Ancon. . [Sept. 16
TV. Kroger Humboldt Sept. 16
Northland Portland tc Astoria.... Sept. 16
G. W.Elder. .. Portland &. Astoria Sept. 1C
K.Monica.... Grays Harbor Sept. 10
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports Sept. IT
/Lakme Ran Pedro Sept. 17
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Sept. 17
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 17
Arctic Humboldt Sept. 18
Arcata Cocs Bay & Pt Orford Sept. 18
Centralia Fan Pedro... ,, Sept. 18
Queen j Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. 18
Fureka j Humboldt Sept. 13
Elizabeth Coquille River Sept. 19
San Pedro Pan Pedro Sept. 19
: Sonoma 'Sydney & Way Ports. Sept. 19
State of Cal.. | San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 13
Redondo ; Portland & Way Ports Sept. 20
Corona j Humboldt Sept. 20
; Breakwater. . . Coos Bay Sept. 20
; Nlcarla ! Hamburg & Way PorU Sept. 20
I North Fork...i Humboldt 8ept,20
i Porno.. Point Arena & Albion. Sept. 20
Argo i Eel River -forts Sept, 21
tan Juan I New York via Ancon.. Sept. 21
Aurelia Portland & Astoria Sept. 21
Coo» Bay San P*dro & Way Pts Sept. 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Sept. 21
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt ArenaiSept. 22
Santa Iloea... San Diego & Way Pts.lScpt. 22
Gaelic China & Japan Sept. 23
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 23
City Pucbla... Puget Sound Ports.... Sept. 23
Nevadan . Honolulu & Kahulul.. Sept. 25
Rainier Seattle & BelUngham.lSept. 26
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday to Charles F. Macfarlane from
Blanche Macfarlane for* desertion, Hil
dur Nelson from Charles Nelson for de
fc-ertion, Emma Anderegg from Alfred
Andsregg for desertion, Daniel W.
Haines from Mamie Haines for deser
tion, Madeline Caryl from Burton O.
Caryl for failure to provide, Maggie M.
McConnell from Henry E. McConnell
for extreme cruelty and Lottie B.
Johnson from Eugene Johnson for de
sertion. - b-N'.vi
A suit for divorce was filed yesterday
by Tony O. H. Bogalsky against Marie
L. Bogalsky. He alleges that she
wanted to run the household and when
he protested she tried to poison him.
Other suits for divorce were filed as
follows: Grace Gregory against Ed
ward T. Gregory, desertion and cru
elty; Katherine Harper against Chas.
Harper, cruelty; Emory I. Mellos
against Nadine Melios, Infidelity. Het
tie A. Schuhaw against Wilton W.
Fchuhaw, desertion, ' and Albert B.
Woods against Myrta Woods, deser
tion.
Mrs. Mary . A. Jackson-Van Horn
gave way to tears in Judge Kerrigan's
court yesterday afternoon j when the
court handed down a decree annul
ling' her marriage to John H. Van
Horn, whom she married in
mento in 1S99. An unusual stpry lies
behind the proceedings.
When the Van Horns were married
Van I Horn confided to the woman
that was separated from him yester
day that he had been married before
and was undivorced. He had not seen
his . first wife for seven years, how
ever, and all efforfe to trace her had
failed. He believed she was dead. He
dtd not believe it necessary to take
the precaution of procuring'a divorce
from the woman he first married.
But recently his first wife, Mrs.
Eloise Van Horn, appeared. / There
was nothing left for the second Mrs.
Van Horn but to procure an annull
ment of her marriage. The story was
told to Judge Kerrigan yesterday and
he granted the petitioner's prayer.
When Mrs. Van Horn gave way to
her emotions the man she had looked
upon so many years as her husband
went to her side and comforted her
with the promise that all would yet
be well. The significance of his prom
ise is found in a divorce suit now
pending in Judge Seawell's court, in
which Mrs. Eloise Van Horn is de
fendant.
Cordelia E. Montgomery, known in
the histrionic world as Claudia Rog
ers, failed in her effort yesterday
morning before Judge Kerrigan to se
cure an annullment of herrnarriage
to Robert C. Montgomery. The court
took the case under advisement af
ter Intimating that the evidence sub
mitted was not sufficient to warrant
the issuance of a judgment as prayed.
Mrs. Montgomery stated that she
married her husband in Oakland in
1901 when she was but three months
over 15 years of age. After the cere
mony, she said, she returned to her
mother's hdme in the city, where she
has since lived. The question in
volved, is the right of the court to an
nul the marriage in the face of a
statute to the effect that marriage can
be consummated where the husband
is over 18 and the wife 15 years of
age. :'. : ;'.;. '. ¦>:
It is understood that the Grand
Jury is co-operating with the Mer
chants' Association, which instigated
the arrest of Charles Wyman on
Wednesday and promises to institute
several uiore prosecutions in the im
mediate future. Registrar Adams has
refused to allow photographs to be
t^ken of the roslers in his possession
and as these are very important as
evidence it is believed that the step
t&ken by the Grand Jury yesterday
was to have the records preserved in
some manner, so they can be used in
the courts when the cases of the Mer
chants' Association come up for trial.
The Jury was in regular session yes
terday afternoon and sect a subpena
for the Registrar, but he was not in
his office. None of his deputies had
a key to the storeroom in which the
rosters are kept and adjournment
was therefore taken to this afternoon
at 3 o'clock, with instructions to the
balliX to hunt up Adams in the mean
time and serve the subpena on him.
The Merchants' Association regards
the Registrar in the light of purpose
ly thwarting thfir efforts, but Adams
explains that he feels it beyond his
authority to permit photographing of
the records. He insists that an order
shall first be obtained trom the Board
of Election Commissioners, who are
in control of the oflice and of which
he Is only the secretary.
SEEK GRAXD JURY'S AID.
It was decided by the prosecutors to
seek the offices of the Grand Jury, be
fore whose drastic i»ower It is expected
Adams will yield up the rosters. Just
what it will do with the records—
whether it will have them photo
graphed or not— is not known, for its
members are yet to determine this
point-
It is by no means certain that a ma
jority of the grand Jurors will sanction
the making of photographic copies
while the records are in their posses
sion. No objection was offered yester
day to the issuance of a eubpena. for
the Registrar, but it is said that pro
t«-5t against the photographs might
arise from those who are not
di?pop*d to act the part of assisting an
outside organization in a movement
that falls more properly within the
wope of the Grand Jury Itself. Again,
some of the Merchants' Association
repreaenSAtfTea do not hesitate to de
clare that there are some members of
the Grand Jury who are more eager to
apply a roat of whitewash than do any
ihing else in connection with the oper
ations of the gangs of ballot-box Etuf
fers.
ItOSTERS TELL« OF FORGERIES.
The evidence to be furnished is very
important, in that the rosters contain
the forgeries of names of bona fide resi
dent citizens whose names were voted
while they were yet at their breakfast
tables by the Bluffers, who began as
soon as the polls opened to proceed
from precinct to precinct in carrying
on their criminal work. The drug
fir-nds, who for the most part consti
tuted the gangs-of Bluffers, proved very
awkward with .the pen, and in compari
son with the genuine signatures of citi
zens the proof of forgery is easily es
tablished.
The Merchants' Association declares
that if it can be assured of the produc
tion of the rosters in court, or photo
graphic copies of them, it will at once
proceed with the arrest of many of the
m*>n who participated in the frauds,
pome of them men of high station, of
ficially and otherwise. The fear is ex
pressed that the records will be de-
Btroyed. however, for the law makes
d^truction of records the duty of the
Registrar as soon as the conventions
are over for which delegates were elect
ed at the primaries. The resort to the
photographic method of preserving evi
dence having failed thus far. the only
hope of the prosecutors to go into court
with thejr cases in the shape they
would desire them to be lies with the
Grand Jury. *
Itself in regard to the frauds at, the
recent primary election. It will begin
an inv?sugat:o:i this afternoon by
calling registrar George P. Adams
before it with t^ie rt-'uords oi the pre
ciacts la wto'ch the stufling of votes
.> :i:iot:c-d to Tip.ve taken place.
Tr.e Grand Jury is now bestirring
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrcgrraphic Office, U. S. K.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
Per-wmber 10, l:>04.
The Timft Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
S P m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT, • t - •
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. Jn Charge.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Cordelia E. 3Iontgomery,
Known on Stage as Claudia
Rogers, Is Disappointed
Tlie Move Thought to Be to
Aid Merchant^ Associa
tion in Getting Evidence
DECREE DENIED -ACTRESS
WEATHER REPClIT.
Despite her rough experience with the
elements, that were so unkind to h«T
except at the Horn, the captain of the
British Isles thinks that his trip was
what might be called "fine."
Sailing northward on this side of the
continent, when in almost the same
latitude where she had trouble in the
Atlantic, the British Isles ran into a
fierce pale from southeast to southwest.
The seas bearded the ship, flooding the
cabin and deckhouses and washing
overboard everything movable. The
first mate and three men of the crew,
who were on the topgallant forecastle
overhauling and securing the anchor
lashings, were washed aft and rendered
helpless by being dashed against the
mainmast and bulwarks. They had a
narrow escape from being washed over
board. It was some time before they
recovered sufficiently to resume their
posts of duty. ..; (• ',',"
The English ship British Isles, which
came In yesterday. 123 days from
Antwerp, had a novel experience with
the storms and calms of the seas she
traversed. She labored with heavy
gales in the English Channel, fought
her way through the tempests of the
Atlantic, had her decks swept with
water in the stormy Pacific, and oft the
Horn, where winds and waves are ever
at war, she sailed with all her canvas
spread alow and alort. With five com
panion ships the British Islss came
around the cape like a summer regatta
of yachts.
According to Captain Parker's los
soon after leaving Antwerp the British
Isles ran into a head sale in the Eng
lish Channei. which he bucked for six
days. "U'ith every* piece of canvas furled
or reeled close * down sh<> worried
through it and got into the Atlantic
with all her spars and sails aboard. In
latitude 32 degrees south she struck a
heavy southwest gale with high cross
seas, which filled her decks from rail to
rail. Several sails "were ripped from the
yard?, and for days the vessel labored
In the storm-churned waters. Near the
Horn she ran out of the tempest belt.
flr«n li subtracted from the depth riven by
the charts. The plane at reference is the mean
of the. lower low water*. MW3?M
Van Horn Home Disrupted
Through Beappearance of
Husband's First Spouse
After EncounteFing Tremendous Storms . and Lofty-Seas in the
.Channel and Atlantic and- Pacific Oceans/ She Meets Gentle
Summer Weather and Sunny Skies in Very Home of Tempests
IS TO APPEAR TO-DAY
Registrar Adams Subpenaed
to Biiii"* Kosters Showing
Forgeries -at Primaries
GRAND JURORS
TAKE A HAND
WIFE BELIEVED
DEAD RETURNS
SHIP BRITISH ISLES ROUNDS CAPE
HORN WITH ALL HER CANVAS SPREAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. FRIDAY,.; SEPTEMBER 16, 1904.
7
RAILWAY TRAVELv
y^X~ff^^ Trarn» !•»?• and ax« dn«
/v^rnr>^A- to arrive at
(£0jjrgtt±\B**t FRANCISCO.
of Market Street >
iMA-n - MAIN LINE. - *»aiv«
7 00 a Vaeavlile. Winters. Ramsey. 7 50»
7.00a Bealcla, Elmlra aad Sicnoeato.. 7-20f»
<7JS0a Vai:«]0i. Napa. Callstoco. Saata
Kou. Martlaes. Ban Ilamon A.20»
7-S3a Knes. Trsey. Latbrop. Stockron.... 7-20?
••00a Shasta Express— (VI » Darts).
Williams (for BarUett Springs),
wuiow*. tPrato. Ued BUS.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7-50*
8-DCa Dans. Woodland. Knisrhu Landing.
MarysTllla. Calco. OrovlUe 7-80s>
•40a Port Coata. Martinez. Antloca.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Banoa. M e n d o t a.
Armoaa. Haaford. Visa 11*.
Porterville 4.2QP
840a Port Costa. Modesto, Mereed.
Fresno, Goahen Jaaction, Ban-
ford. Visilla. Bakersaeld 4.53P
840a KIlea, Saa Jo«e, Uiermcre. Stock-
ton. (tMIlton). lone. Sacramento,
UarysTlIle. Cblco. Bed B'.aff .... 420»
840a Oakdale. Calneae. Jamestown. 80-
nora. Tnolamne and Angels 4-20p
9 00a Atlantic Express— Ogdcn and East. 5.2Q*
940a Richmond. Uartlnex and Way
8utioas 8 50*
1000a The Overland Limited — Ugdtn.
Omaha. Cbleago. Denrer. Kansas
City. St. Loais 8 23»
10.00a Vanejo_ 1220*
10-OOA Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lat&rop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosben Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla. .
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles * 7-20»
12.00m Hayward. Nlies and Way Station*. 3-200
ti-OOP Sacramento River Steamers- tii.QU*
340p Benieia, Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, Willows. Knigbts
Landing. MarjsvlMe. Orovllle 7
and way sUMoas 1050*
S40p Baywsrd.Klles and Way Stations.. 7 50p
4 OOP Martinez. San Ramon.ValleJo,Napsj,
Calistoga, Santa Rots..^ »20a
4-OOp Kiles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20P
430p Hayward. Nnes. -IrTlngton. San % T8-S0a
Jose. Livermore } XII. 50*
BCCPTbe Owl Wmited— yewman. Los
.'-. Banos. Mendota. Fresno. Tnlare, -
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 8 50*,
tS40p Hayward. Nnes and ban Jose ...— 7.20a
8-COp Hayward. Nllea and San Jose. 9 50a
S4)0p Eastern Express — Ogden, Omaha.
Chicago, Denver. Kansas City.
St. Loals, via Martinez. Stockton,
Sacramento. CoJfax. Brno 12.S0**
6. OOP Vslleio. dally, except Sunday.... I ....
7.00P Vallejo. Sanday only f '•* 0 '
7 JjCp Hichmond. San Pablo. Port Costa,
Ifartinei and Way Stations 11-23*
7 -OOP Reno Passenger — Port Coata, Sal-
sun. Elmlra. Davis. Sacramento.
Trnekee, Lake Tahoe. ' Reno,
Tonopah. Sparks 7-SQa
I.05p Port Coats, Martinez, i Byron,
Tracy, LaUtrop. Modesto.
. Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12 20»
R-05p Tosemlte Valley, via Berenda and
* Wawons 8-504
8.C5P Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 1020a
8 O&p Orepon * California Exprets— Sao-
rameate, Marysville. Redding. *
Portland. Pazet Sound and East. 8404
9-IOp Hayward, Kiles and San Jose (3sn-
£_ eayonly) - 11-804
COAST LINE U'arrew Usage).
<Foot of Market Street.)
7-4&A Sanu Cmz Exenrsion(Snnday only) HiS
8.1 5a Newark, OentervlIIe. 8an Jose,
Feltoa, Boulder Creek. BlfBatta.
SanU Crn* and Way Stations... 6-BSV
t9-15A Alvarado. Kewark, San Jose, Los
Gstos.Gleawbod. Feitoa. Boalder
Creek. Big Basin. SanM Cru.... 8 1 0s*
t2.15P Vewark. CentervOIe, San Jose.
Kew Almaden. Los G»io«.Felton.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cruz sod
Principal War Stations 10 S3*
4.18p Bewark. Ban Jose, Los Gatoe t3 55*
4.1SP Wright, Boulder Creek and SanU
Cruz. Saturday and Sanday only. SS 55*
COAST LINE (Bread tiaegev
t*~ Cfhlrd and TownseBd Streets.)
8-1 Oa 8an Jose and Way Butlons. .~ |40**
? 17.00a 8an Jose and Way SUUons 8.40*
7.15a Monterey and Sanu Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 1040*
8 00a Kew Almaden (Tae«., Frid.. only). 4-10#
• 00a Tba Coaster— Saa Joss. SsUaaa.
San Ardo, Paso-flobles. Saau
Margarlu. Saa Luis Oblspo. Santa
Barbara, Saa Buenaventura,
MontalTO. Oxaard. Borbank, Lee
Angeles. 13.45*
1.00a Gilroy. Hol!Ut«r. Castrovtlle, Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lba-
poc.. ; 104S**
9.00a Baa Jose. Tres PI nos. Watson Till •.
; Capitols. Sanu Cruz. Paclfle
GroTe, Saltnaa, Saa Luis Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations. ... 4-l3s>
1040a San Jose and Way Stations. 1 -20 •
1140a Saata Clara, «6a& Jose, Los Gatos _ >
and WaySutloas.... 7-30* -
140*>Eaa Jose and Way Sutlons ....... I-3&*
. IS . 00 p Del Monte Express (except Sua-
dav)— Sanu Clars, Ean Joae,
WetsqavtUe, Pant* Cru. Del
Monte. Monterey. Paclfle Grove. *12-15»
J-30P Burllajtame. Saa Joae, Gllror. Hol-
- lister. Tre»Plnos,PaJaro.WaUon-
vlile . Capitola, Sanu Cruz, Cas-
troTiIIe, Salinas. Pacific OroTe... 10.49*
448* Ran Jo»e and Way S Utlons * a CO *
tS COP SanU Clara. San Jose, Los Gatoe.
Wright sad principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sanday) t9-00*
15 30p BasJoeesaJPrtncipalWsySutloBB ;9.40*
• G 48p Basset Express.— Redwood. Saa .
Jose.Gllroy.9airnaa.Paso Koblea.
San Lais Oblspa. 8aau Barbara, ' ' _
Los Angeles. Demise^ El Pasa w
New Orleans. New Tork....'.... ' 7.10*
S.48P Pajaro. Wat»o«T«l«. Capitnla. 1 ¦ in „
Saau Cruz. CastrorlUe. »e:>;J?I?
. Monte. Pacific Grove JflO-45»>
t815p SaaMsteo.Bereaford3elmont.SAa
Carlua. Bedwood. Fair Oaka .
MealePark.PaIoAlb>..... tSiUa
840p Baa Joee and Way SUOoas, 3 33*
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Buttons 10.15a
11 .30p South San Francises*, Mlllbne. Bar-
lligame. Saa Xateo, Belmonr.
San Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo A\U> J.45,
«11-30p Mayflald, Moonutn View. SoBBy-
vale, Lawrence, Sanu Clara and
an Jo— 't9-43»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~~
t Sunday excepted. t Snaday only ¦ ~
¦• 6aturday only. 6 Monday only.
{stops st all suttou ea Sulay.
Mt. Tamalpais- Railway
, Lr«v« Th siesalita Frrry ¦ Arrive
Ban Frauclaco Fset »f larlst a. San Frandso»_
"Week inn- Sub-. \t—k:
Dsym. days &$&$&. days. Pays.'
! ~ ~*T30T R5W38B» 12:45 rF3:45^
..10:00a \SsaS59» 2-^)3 r Ml :05 a,
10. 00 a 11:00a «!%m«K7 3:35 p 3:35*
»:*3rl2;20r B-.40 r 6;IS»
8:11 1 1:45 r y&PJr 6:15 p 10:08 ¦
¦*fW tratlfr fcr. ¦ Y Tassatsaia U K3 taOsf.
ticxrr i«25 klAtrrrSt. (North n««re (UllrosvQ
Omen land SAuaAuro F«x*r. root Market as,.
raujWay'traveij.
¦
i m CALIFORNIA , B
\ S LIMITED TO CHICAGO |j
i LEAVES MONDAYS and THURSDAYS U
Pj at 9:.'IO a. m, tlironffli to. II day», B
HI with diner and all trappings. J
Other Santa Pe Traini:
7:30 a. m.l f 0r #gtockton, Fresno, Baker^leld.
8 loo pt m. J Merced. Hanford and VUalia.
! 4:00 p. m- for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET ornCSS— 641 Market St. and
rerry Depot, S. V. Also 1X13 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South rirrt St..
Ban Jose. .. .::\::;:
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COM7AJTT.
Tlbnron Terry, Toot of Market Street.
SAW 7SAHCXSCO TO SAK &A7AX&.
WEEK DAY8-7-.30 S:00 9:00 l^OO.*-,, 1^:
12:33. 2:30. S:40. 0:10. 5:50. 8:30 and 11:30
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
6UXDAYS— 7:30 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.. 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30. p. m.
SAN BAFAEL TO SAXT PaAWClSCO.
WEEK DAYS-«:05. <J:SO. 7:35, 7:50. »:%
11:15 a. m., 12:50. t2:00. 3:4a *:00. 5:20.
0:25 p» m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m. '
EUNDATS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. nv. 1:45.
..3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:50 p. m.
? tExcect Saturday. -
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Fran. | May 1. 190*. I San Fran.
Week I Sun- | Deatina- I Sun- I Week
! Dayg. I days. I Uon. 1 day*. 1 Daya,
! 7-30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
I T-Ifla. A-OOa 8:40 a 9:40 a
8:00 1;^: Iinacio. 10:20*10:20.
2:30 p 2:30 p f:OOp 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p «=20p 7:23 p
7:25 p
' 8:45 p
>.m. 7-ao ¦ 7:45 a 7:45 a
Siooa Siooa Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:3Oa • Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
sIlOp 2:30 P and 7:25 p 7:23 p
¦;>-. 6:10 p Santa Rosa. 8:45 p, »
7:8 0» 7-3O~i : 10:20 a 10:20 a
slwS IloOa Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30p 8:45 p 7J5p
"Windsor. 1'J-^m
7-30 a 7:30 a Healdaburs;. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton. .
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25? 7:23 p
;- '' Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:30 a| Hopland |10:20 a|10:20 a
2:30p| 2:30p| and Uklah. | 7:23 p| 7:23 p
I i j WUUts. j |
I 7:30 at 7:30 al Shertrood. [ 7:25 p[ 7:23 p
I 8:00 al 8:00 aj Guerneville and 110:20 a!10:20 a
I 2:30 pi 2:30 pi Camp Vacation. | 8:43 pi <:20p
| S:00a 8:00a f=*»» 8:4|a
! 5:10 d 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p f.2«p
J | 5:10 p Glen Ellen. 8:45 p ¦
t 7-30 al 7S0a| 110:20 a!10:20 a
j 2*:30p|2l30pl SebastopoL I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
! STAGES connect at Santa Hosa for Whits
Sulphur 6prins;i and Mark Wert Spring^: at
Fulton for Burke's Sanitarium: at Lytton for
'Lytton Sprln**: at Geyterville for Skagxs
i Springs- at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
1 vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
• Em-tags Highland Sprtngi. KeUeyville. C*rl»-
! bad Springs Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
! Springs: «t Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
: Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. "Witter
i Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's Riverside. Lierley«s. Bucknell's.
Banhedrln 'HelghU. Hullvill*. Orfi Hot
Sprinr». Halfway Hou»e. Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brags.
Westport Usal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport' Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Layton-
vllle Cummin*. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens.
Dyer Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia and
to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates
On Sundays^ — Round -trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office. 6S0 Market street. Chronicle
building
JAS. L. FRAZIEK. R. X. RTAK.
Gen. Manager. Gen Pass. Agt.
ft
li^Sjj a |@J ?y ns3 CAZADERO* Etc.
* via Sansalito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
! Depart from Ban' Francisco, week daya *t
6-30. 7:10. 7:43. 8:30, 9:15. 10:00. U:00 a. m.
111*40 a. m. 8aosaUto only>, 12:20, 1:45. 3:13.
4-00 -4:35. 5:15. 5:50. «:25. . 7:13. 9:00. lO:2o!
11 -35 P- m- Sundays and legal holidays depart
at 7:10. 7:45. 8:30. 9:15. 10:00. 11:00. u : j»
a. m.. i2:20, 1:00. 1:45 2:30. 3:15. 4:00. *;£
B:J575:5O. i:25. 7:15. 8:13. 8:00. 10:20.. 11)33
P * Arrive at San Francisco, week days. « : n.
7-00. 7:33. 8:15. 8:43. 9:35. 10:20. 11:05 a. m'
12^«J 1:23. 2:60. 3:35. 4:20. 5:03. 5:40. 6:13.
0:53. '7:6r>. 10:08. 11:23 p. m. On Sundays and
legal holidays extra trains arrive at 12:43. 2:03.
g-00 P- «n- : - • '
For Fairfax, week days, depart at 7:43 a. a.
3-15 P m. On Sundays and legal holidays at
? : .45. »:13. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. ; 12:20. l:0o. i u4
P * m * THROUGH TRAINS.
-'*:-..-¦'. f - • .
7:45- a. D. dally— Cazadero anJ way stations.
. 9:13 a. m. Sundays . only — For Point Reyes,
etc '
" » :13 ' p. m. * dally ' except Sanday— For Caza-
dero. ete. ¦?g*WFmRt&*Q/*BB*mB*mb&mf§
¦ 8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. etc.
TICKET OFFICE!— 626 Market tt.
; FERRT— Union Pepot, > f oot at Market u.
YWRCIIEINTIS 9O9lt «N THE.S^DARE-^
The Economy Salesroom
A department where you will find high-grade goods at from orie-
quarter to one-third less than their regular value. The few items
listed will, act as a guide to price:
$10.00 Enamel Bed.... ...$6.75. $40.00 Chiffonier, quar-
$10.00 Roman Chair, up- tered oak, eight
holstered $6.75 drawers $30.00
$48.00 Birdseye Maple $i5-«> Parlor Table, 36-
Drcsser ...934.75 inch top $10.00
$45.00 Three-piece Bed- $18.50 Dining-room Ta-
room Suit .?22.5O ble, solid oak $12.73
$g4-oo Sideboard, flaked $40.00 Patent Rocker,
oak $63.75 upholstered in Verona$25.00
The Carpet Department
Is stocked to overflowing. Choicest patterns ever shown on the
coast. All the new fall designs are now awaiting your inspection.
You will find the prices right.
Saturday Night Special
REVERSIBLE BRUSSELETTE RUG. Ef- **{\^ xi'Lt;:
fective coloring. 27x54 in. Fringed both ends. JT^I lf\ P/lCll
Saturday night only .\ vvv vuvii
245-259 GEHHirSfr ON TOE SQUARE
i5'CH®Ia5 v AM)
; a
LEADIXQ BUSIXESJi COLLiOB OF TUZ
WEST.
Or«r T4 Post *t., Eaa Frasclsco. Cal.
E»t«b. 40 years. Open entire year, day A night.
Wrlu ?or circulars <free).
'Polyt«clmlo Bail.
-.~^>i^^fes^ ne»« College and
$. lit. 5*J*^j5rtJpfta |fjl* neatnz, Oaklxmd,
>^r?^' 1^.^^f< Cal - — I>r*rest and
W^!* l !Sf5j - ke*t *<;uipp«d school
t^£3i5E'crcSrJ3 <r !)Ue 5""«. ehcrthand
r3~5ZZ-Z^£ir£5ffl * na eagiaeerlns west
*BE£ffW$$ZZ ! '" .Chicago. Perfect
"• 1 ~_j -m»4 1 ',-^7 -^ climate. Expenses
low. Write tor free
100-pgge Cauiogy. j
THE LYCEUM.
* An accredited f ifparrtory scr.c«: for the uni.
v. rnir. is* a:i<J rr.ertiral collejes, "Is weO
kr.twn lor \\ % careful ar;d thorough work. Come
en£ be with uc; «e i>re^->are yoy well; refer-
*Kccm. President Jcrdaa or any Stanford pr*.
}• f»or. Pliclaa Building.
L. H. CTUC. Ph^P.. Prtnripal.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
LV>sr>?ing and Cay for roans ladies and
j;tti» srirU ?\*j6 CalSfcmia street. '¦Will reopen
A. irvt !. 11*04. Arcrv<\>*-A to tfce uniTcrcIties.
KEV. HOWARD B. CHUZHl, A. U.; Principal.
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy
SAN RAFAEL. CAL.
- Jester »'.:• .-.; separate. I*all Venn begins Aug.*
I". AHT1IUU C2OSBY. D.D.. Head . Master. .
A tireless Message
SAN FR^CISCb;GAS:AND ELECTRIC CO^• . Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Prsss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 119 Cal
ifornia, street. Telephone Main 1043. •
, TownMnd's California • Glace fruits in
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market »t.*
ment and patriotism by patronising the
American confectionery shops that are
now. so popular in London. An English
woman, conspicuous as a political
hostess, has an inordinate craving for
scented cachous and the air in her
vicinity is always pervaded with their
subtle perfume.
Many, have been the marks of royal
favor; which . he ~ has .received.'' He Is
frequently the sole" guest at its family
dinners. ¦ Na-one receives. more invita
tions;; to the', great 'house parties "got
upfor the -King's entertainment. , He
often accompanies the King «on his
tours. When Queen; Alexandra arid
Princess Victoria went to Paris . for a
three^weeks' ;, stay, it {was the, Portu
guese: Marquis ; and diplomat who ac^
companied them *' and ' acted as their
guide; and .mentor. At"^ the : : state ball
given L in : London [ on the ; occasion of M.
Loubet's' visit . the - partiality ; shown" for
him by. royalty subjected' the* entente
'cordiale ¦ to : a severe; strain. «. M. 2 Loubet
f d6esj; not '-"dance, but ¦ naturally it was
expected I that;^o'rie 'i of .hisl compatriots
.would haye,beeriaelected T for : the honor
of .•"opening -ball? with' the Queen.'
tary-of State for Foreign- Affairs, but
in -IS 97,-; with /titles arid higher rank,
he. was back* in London and here he
has since remained. EMM
¦ /¦-¦ HONORED BY* ROYALTY.
er_ may. make him a Duke, _ for it. is
rumored his royal master, of Portugal
intends to confer that distinction. upon
him.. He Inherited no titles. His peo
ple*: in" Lisbon . were plain commercial
folk arid" were ¦ very.'proud .when ' their
son,; was' admitted to the diplomatic
service. . 'There his 'powers of . f asclria-"
tion -procured ' his ! rapid 'advancement.'
Petticoat influence, which' . always
counts ; "for much at r courts^ ..-backed
him", strongly. In quick succession he
was ; made attache v and secretary 'of
legation, at Vienna,! Berlin • and Mad-;
rid/ tWhile; at; the flatter post, t it ) is
said I that; the Infanta Eulalie* became
sol infatuated with '• him, arid disclosed
herj feelings so plainly, the Queen"
Regent' privately i besought vthe : King
<vt I Portugal to "'. provide Senor} de \ Soy-',
era! with, some billet elsewhere. "The
King; promptly found something -bet-;
.ter^ for f him. " He '[ was sent to ;Londori
as 4 first ..secretary of • the .legation
therer arid" Iri 1891' was', made j Minis
ter. He - returned -to * Portugal";' four
years/ later • to ] fill : the -offlceYof. - Secre- .
DAUGHTER -OP ¦ KINO EDWAUD. WHOSE ! < NAME IS PERSISTENTLY LINKED
WITH THAT OF THE MARQUIS DR- SOVERAU PORTUGAL'S REPRESENT
ATIVE AT THE COURT OF ST. JAMES. AS HIS FUTURE WIFE. '
THE whole State is gratified by the escape of the Big Basin from
the disastrous fire thatiraged in the Santa Cruz Mountains. In
that tract is the California Redwood Park, the property of the
State, and the finest primitive forest in the Coast Range. It had just
been brought into general notice by the excursion of the State Board
of Trade and had attracted the enthusiasm of- all lovers of the
forest.
, The fire invaded it, cut out some of the underscrub, and sadly
defaced the approaches to it, but left its primitive beauty unscarred.
But the whole tract was in danger for days, and that it escaped is
due to the energy of the local people, the force furnished by the rail
road and to the captaincy and courage of Professor Dudley of Stan
ford and a company of his students. IE9
. Fortunately the abundant rainfall of the region will wash away
the ashes that now deface the burned surface surrounding the park,
and in time the roads leading to it will measurably renew their
charms. But the peril remains like an unhappy -memory, and the
State should make provision against its recurrence. It was the
opinion of the State Board of Trade excursionists that the State
should acquire lands surrounding the park, some of which were then
timbered but have now been burned. In -that region of winter
moisture the reforesting. of burned or lumbered tracts is. made easy,
and the naked rim of land around the park offers an excellent field
for such an experiment.
If the current movement for the recession of the Yosemite? Valley
succeed, the State could profitably divert to the Redwood Park th e
appropriation now given to the valley, and it would suffice for needed
improvements to make the interior of the tract. accessibleVar.d; also
to protect it against fire. We should all, be thankful that the forest
remains to receive the care that its beauties deserve, KHIii
THE BIG BASIN.
On this account some; envious peo
ple have dubbred ' him ,the '//blue ; mon
key." The/ marked - plainness , of' his
features is redeemed . only^ by mag
nificent eyes. Of : course ¦ he has en
gaging manners, but; so .have * other
men— fine, manly, ' good 7 looking : fel
lows, .too-— who i possess '; no claims vto
be: regarded as particularly fascinat
ing. It is probable"; that \ he >"t himself
could not ¦ tell i what ; it : is7 that ; makes
him so . attractlyer^The, art] of .' fascinr
ation Is too elusive * to \ be} susceptible
of analysis arid description. It is- a
gift from the gods.V
It has made him a Marquis and lat-
LONDON, Aug. 30.— Recently the
Marquis de Soveral was urged
to write a book on "The Art of
Fascination." It is said that he
replied: "I "couldn't if I would and
I wouldn't if I could." Yet no one is
better qualified for such a task, for
the Marquis de Soveral,; Portuguese
Envoy Extraordinary- arid Minister
Plenipotentiary at the court of SL
James, is acknowledged to be the
most fascinating man at present -in
London society. He is an intimate
friend of King Edward. He Is a great
favorite with Queen Alexandra, and
the story is current that their daugh
ter. Princess Victoria, has lost her
heart to him. Rumors of an Impend
ing wedding between them, though
for royalty that would be a ''distinct
mesalliance, are frequently revived.
Ladles of hlifh degree in various lands
have declared that - he is the ; most
charming man they . have ever. met.
Among men he is almost equally pop
ular. He is a. living : proof of -which
there have been many Illustrious ex
amples that in man fascination has
no necessary connection with . good
looks.' He is distinctly "a homely
man, with dark, swarthy features.' He
does not even possess > a;; good ; figure,
for he^is thickset and somewhat be
low the average height. He has blue
black hair and the hirsu te'grb wth"' ori
his face is so strong that even 'when
he shaves clean ; ; the lower, part ' of his
face looks # as if it had- been/ peppered
with gunpowder. . . . .'
CALL HIM' "BLUE '¦ MONKEY."
Speclal Correspondence,
To the intense chagrin of the French
visitors, they were all passed over and
the ball was opened with the little
Portuguese Minister as the Queen's
partner. The incident served to
strengthen the impression that there
is, after all, something in the gossip
which so persistently links his name
with that of Princess Victoria as her
future husband. There are scores of
wealthy and socially ambitious people
in London who would give half they
possess to learn of the Marquis how to
malce themselves equally fascinating.
ROYALTY HAS SWEET TOOTH.
A caller on one of the equerries of
the Prince of "Wales, some time before
the luncheon hour, -expressed surprise,
when recounting his experiences, at the
distinctive odor of Jam tarts cooking
and other confections which pervaded
the royal establishment. With the ex
ception of the King, whose devotion to
the weed long years ago spoiled his
youthful taste for sweets and lollipops,
all members of the royal family are
fond of confectionery. Queen Alexan
dra's preference is for chocolates.
While fond of them, too, the Princess
of Wales is especially devoted to fruit
f arcis. All her children are liberally
supplied with sweets and do not dis
dain even to suck at the plebeian toffy.
In these degenerate days among the
mighty the taste for sweets is by no
means restricted to aristocratic femin
inity. Several members of the. House
of Lords have a weakness for sweets
of all kinds and sometimes betray it
even when engaged in the discharge of
their : august • functions as hereditary
legislators. /One noble. peer, especially,
may frequently . be - observed solacing
himself with 'bonbons in the course of
a debate. In . the . lower house there
are no less than thirty members who
never enter the Parliamentary chamber
without sweets of some sort in their
pockets. That doughty champion of
labor,; John Burns, u whose boast it is
he never wore an overcoat to shield his
robust "frame from wintry, blasts, is a
victim of the candy, habit. But .that
may be an inheritance from ,his
younger days when' he was employed
as', a 1 sugar - boiler. Titled American
wqmen who 1 . figure prominently Jn so
ciety are generous 'consumers "of bon
bons, but they display both • good Judg-
Also hiked by
the Men of
¦ England.
Envious Call
Him "Blue
Monkey!'
TO OBTAIN A PATENT— R. D. F..
Broderick, Yolo County, CaL If you
have a good invention . for which you
desire to obtain a patent you can make
the attempt to obtain the same without
the assistance of a lawyer versed in
such matters, but at the same time you
run the chances, if not versed in pat
ent law rules, of having some "patent
law shark" taking advantage of your
ignorance in such matters, stealing
your ideas *and securing a patent. It
is- safest' to place the matter in the
hands of a reliable lawyer who attends
to patents. The fees for a patent are:
On filing an original application for a
patent, $15; on issuing an original pat
ent. $20; for three years and six
months." $10; for seven years.. $15; for
fourteen years, $30.
PAEAN— Subscriber. City. Paean is
the name given by some of the ancient
Greeks to a kind of lyric poetry con
nected with the worship of Apollo- The
oldest' paeans from Homer appear to
have been either hymns addressed to
that diety to appease his wrath, or
thanksgiving odes sung after danger
was over and glory won.. In later .peri
ods they were addressed to other dei
ties also. * According .to Xenophon tha
Lacedemonians sang a paean to Po
seidon after an earthquake and tha
Greek army in Asia .one 'to Zeus. In
modern usage paean is a song of tri
umph.
BRIDE CAKE— A. I. S.. City. At a
quiet home wedding Tf there Is a bride
cake on the supper . table the cake
should be cut by the bride. If a toast
is offered to the bride or the groom
on such an occasion each should arise
and acknowledge in a few words.
A BILLION— S.» City. In the United
States, and Prance one thousand mil
lion is a billion, but in Great Britain it
is one million times a million.
PARIS EXPOSITION — Subscriber.
City. The Paris exposition site of 1S39
covered an area of 173 acres.
ANSWERS.
Ladies of High
Degree Dote
on Him.
Dark, Swarthy
and Has Bad
Figure.
A N WRITER in the Saturday Evening Post tells interestingly of
the work of the Agricultural Department in plant introduc
tion and plant improvement. That work- is great enough to
stand on its own merit without enlarging it by seeming to see de
merit or ignorance in others. Discussing the olive product of Calir
fornia, the writer says: "The California olive growers tried to
pickle olives that ought to have been pressed for oil. They did this
because they did not know any better. Now the Agricultural De
partment has introduced the proper olive for pickling from Spain,
and they know better."
If that writer knew what he was writing about, which he did
not, he would have known fhat-lhe so-called queen olive imported
as a pickle is not an oil producer sufficient to make it profitable as
an oil olive. For that reason it is made into a rather harsh and
cranky pickle, used as a relish, but known to be indigestible. Cali
fornia olive growers knew all about that olive, and had no use for it.
They experimented with the ripe olives for pickling, to produce a
nutritious and delicious food, and gave the ripe olive pickle to com
merce as an addition to the supply of food stuffs. They did not do
this because they did not know any better, but because they knew
what they were doing. The ripe pickle contains all the oil of the
ripe olive, with its fine flavor. It is a free stone, and when properly
prepared keeps well in any climate, '¦;':• ;V
Professor Hayne of the State University issued a bulletin on
the ripe olive pickle and a formula ipr its preparation, to remove the
natural acridity of the fruit without destroying the oil and its flavor,
and many housewives in this State put up their own supply by using
his formula. These ripe olive pickles are an article of' diet here,
used with good bread they make a wholesome lunch, and they are
a favorite article for the table wherever they are introduced. The
Post writer probably never saw one, or if he did, did not know
what i; was. His fling at the horticultural knowledge of the olive
and fruit growers of California will have no sympathy in the Agri
cultural Department, where there is felt the highest respect for the
fruit growers and orchardists of this State.
CALIFORNIA OLIVES.
Princess Victoria Loses Her Heart to a Portuguese
Diplomat, the Homeliest Yet the Most Fascinating
and Popular Man at Present in English Society
The Temporary Insanity of Jael.
Jael had driven the nail into Slsera.
"The poor woman had been house
cleaning and imagined she was put
ting down the carpet," they explained.
New York Sun.
"I see a Chicago woman thinks all
married women should be given a
salary by the Government."
"I think it would be unjust."
"Why?"
"Don't married women get the sal
aries of their husbands now?" — De
troit News.
Salaries Two.
"She said if any man kissed her
without warning she'd scream for her
father."
"What did you do?"
"I warned her." — Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
Avoiding the Difficulty.
She— You married me for my
money. *^
He — Well, no use to grieve over it
now. It's all gone. — Town Topics.
BITS OF HUMOR.
The hammock swung between the trees.
The maiden fair
Lay in it with her eyelids closed—
Ke saw her there. «
With wildly beating heart he stols
Up to her side. V
And softly to her ripe, red lip*
His own applied.
He kissed her— kissed the gentle maid,
- • So fair, so sweet.
And with a tumult in his breast
Beat a retreat.
At length she slowly straightened up.
With open eyes.
"He took but one." she said and sighed
A lot of sighs.
— Chicago Times-Herald.
THE STOLEN KISS.
One woman whose light tan shoes
were so soiled as to be past wearing,
and who was at the time far from any
place where shoe dressings are sold,
concocted a "home remedy" which
worked well. Wetting a soft muslin
rag with water containing a few drops
of household ammonia, she rubbed
it with a little castile soap and ap
plied it to the back - of the shoes,
where failure would leave least plain
ly its mark. But there was no failure:
it worked admirably. The entire shoe
was thoroughly clean in five minutes.
She kept one hand inside the shoe to
hold it in shape and was careful not
to wet the rag so much as to soak
through the lining and also to rinse
off well before drying. Half an hour
later they were rubbed well for a few
minutes with a flannel rag and a nat
ural gloes obtained. — Chicago News.
SAVEDHER TANS.
T^HE bond campaign in Oakland goes on rather languidly. The
I opposition is full of technicalities and prints things about the
V\T'' bonds being a permanent lien on the prosperity of the city and
all that. Another says it is poor policy to issue bonds to invest in
unproductive property. There are some things that cannot be an
swered, to the satisfaction, of those who ask them. In this class are
many of the queries of those who are opposing bonds and progress in
Oakland.
The city's water park, they say, is unproductive property, it will
yield no income to the city's treasury, and therefore should be left
with mud shores and nasty surroundings. They oppose land parks
on the same ground, and also the building of a decent city hall in
place of the fossilized eczema. now in use for that purpose. Con
tinuing their argument they should oppose streets in a city, because
they yield no income. Schoolhouses are in the same Hst, and when
extended, the argument includes everything that distinguishes' a
modern civilized city from an Indian village made up of buffalo
skin wickyups. Sewers pay no income. . Therefore let us throw
everything out of the back door. . . .
Another form of opposition is regardful of the rights of pos
terity. When it is shown that the present generation will enjoy
the parks and other improvements and pay only, about a third of
the bonds, leaving two-thirds to posterity, then the objectors appear
as the attorneys of posterity and plead for it, rather tearfully. But
suppose the land is not bought now and improvements are not made,
the necessity for both will be passed on to posterity, and by that
time the land will cost ten times whaf it does now, and posterity
will pay over $20,000,000 for what can be had for $2,000,000. Then
posterity will deny its ancestry and wonder how such a pack of fools
ever had sense enough to come in when it rains.
The proposed bond issue will cost, interest and principal, when
paid up. S4.000.000, and by the time posterity pays the last assess
ment, if it doesn't like the parks, it can sell them for many times
So instead of passing a burden to posterity Oakland, if the
bonds arc carried, will be passing down an increasingly valuable
asset to future generations which should rather be envied than pitied.
That city has been talking parks for a generation. It has also been
abusing people who had foresight. When the late N. W. Spaulding
was Mayor, he was a clear-headed business man. Oakland was small
but he foresaw its growth, and had the city buy and secure a num
ber of schoolhouse sites, wh'en property was cheap. For this he
was abused and traduced, called. an official speculator in real estate,
and it was declared that the schoolhouse lots would never be needed.
Now they have long been occupied and would cost an immense sum
if they had to be bought. The city, needing more school room, is
now very sorry that Mr. Spaulding did not buy ten times as many
schoolhouse sites as he did. So time avenges the fuming of fools
and vindicates the wise men who could see ahead and provide for
the future. %
It is hoped thatOakland has learned something, and that among
her 80.000 people there is a majority of sober-minded men who know
the requirements of a modern city. It is hoped also that her people
have the desire for cleanness and beauty and realize the value of
their climatic asset and know how to take advantage" of it by giving
grace to the diversified surface of the town by garnishing it with
parks and foliage and flowers. 0
If the bonds are beaten, then the city will seem to have stirred
uneasily in its sleep, dreaming of better things, only to have the
vision pass, and settle down in its gutter to be known by its snore.
But if the bonds pass, the dream will crystallize into a reality, and
there will arise a new Oakland, famous all over the world, for its
water and land j>ark«. its cleanness, its beauty and its many attrac
tions. Which srtall it be?
THE OAKLAND BONDS.
When you sit down to rest, be still,
and do not start at every little noise.
A long-continued noise might have a
wearing effect upon the nerves, bat
the little noises which are over In a
moment hurt no one. and it Is quite
absurd to Jump and start as coma
people do at them. Control of ner
vous movements acts beneficially on
the nerves themselves, whereas, if
the nerves are allowed to run riot,
bodily health is impossible. Uncon
trolled nerves are responsible for ter
rible disasters caused by panics in
fires and other accidents, which often
result in the loss of hundreds of lives.
Giving way to nerves without a strug
gle* for mastery over them is there
fore not only very bad for oneself, but
exceedingly selfish to one's neighbors.
Every one should strive to attain a
quiet, even manner under all circum
stances, and then, when an emer
gency comes, the chances are that
he will be able to act with cool
courage.
NERVE CONTROL
THE APPROACHING STORM.
THE SAN FRANGISGQ GALL, -FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16. 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
• ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO zjrm~m~*m
JOHX McVAPGHT •»¦»»' aianagwr
PPgLJCATION OITCT .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO^
FRIDAY j SEPTEMBER 16, 1904
8The prosecution rested yesterday
eftemoon in the case of the United
Elates vs. Thomas Davis, charged with
having made a felonious assault upon
llrs. Emma Ames on board the
eieamer Alliance on October 15 of last
year. Davis took the stand and made
Important admissions, but denied the
use af intimidation. The trial will be
rertirrefl on Saturday- morning.
Davis Admits Lesser Crime.
A poster artist's curves are enough to
excite the envy of a baseball pitcher.
Bankrupt Grocer Files Schedule.
J. F. Roberts, a grocer at Fairfield,
filed his schedule in Involuntary insol
vency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes* $2576 and
has $1943 assets.
Lieutenant of Police Kelly, from in
formation received, was led to believe
that Augenblick was retailing liquor
in defiance of the law. Consequently
the two policemen were detailed, who
entered th» saloon last Wednesday and
bought whisky there. The proof be
ing conclusive. Lieutenant Kelly in
structed his men to make the arrest.
Marc Augenblick, whose saloon li
cense was revoked by the Police Com
missioners for conducting a disorderly
place at 1660 Polk street, was arrested
yesterday on a charge of conducting a
ealoon wiihout a license. The arrest
was made on a warrant sworn to by
Policeman W. A. Dowie. who was as
fisted in the case by Policeman
Charles Uha.
Ausenblick A^ain In Trouble.
Notice . was filed yesterday by
Adolph Schander that on September
19 he will apply for an order to ap
point a commission in New York to
take depositions of- several witnesses
in the Dolbeer case. -The witnesses
are William Popendick. Miss Pflugel.
Gustave Schuler, C- J. Sullivan and
W. W. H. Baise, all of whom are res
idents of New York.
Wants Depositions Taken.
Visitors to our city, and the publio
generally, are % cordially invited to visit
our newly fitted art rooms. New collec
tions of the very latest things In pic
tures and frames. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. •
A New Art Gallery.
" Hermann Schussler, chief engineer
for the -Spring Valley Water Works,
resumed- .his testimony yesterday be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. He described projected tun
nels and reservoirs on San Antonio
Creek and a 1000-acre filtering plant
in Sunol Valley. He will continue this
afternoon.
Schusslef Describes Reservoirs.
.The political and foreign affairs "are written
bf experts and should be 'read by every one
who desires to keep posted ¦ •-; • •
The S. F. Xews Letter of this we«k publishes
a *eorchine articio on the San Francisco -city
administration. Mayor, Schmita and his family
are raked over the coais In proper style
»ve notice that the .society.- .news In the
J»ews Letter Is conrtderably Improved, and It
s now one of th« best society columns nrlnted
In San Francisco. : ---••;•
A Roast for the Mayor.
In the inquest held' yesterday upon
the body of Louis Romani, who was
killed on September 6 ' by . being
thrown off a street car while rounding
the curve at Thirty-third avenue and
Point Lobos, the jury found a verdict
of accidental death and added:
"We find that the car grlpman was
unable to locate the curve by reason
of fog. This being a dangerous
curve at the foot of a long hill,
proper lights -and signals should have
been maintained. We recommend that
on all such, curves and dangerous
places on street car lines throughout
the city signal lights should be used."
Coroner's Jnry Recommends Precaui
tions to : Prevent 1 Passengers
Falling Off Dummies.
SIGNAL LIGHTS OJ*
CAR LINES SUGGESTED
Until October 14 the Santa Fe will sell
round-trip tickets to Yosemite Valley
from San Francisco for $25 90 to holders
of Eastern round-trip, tickets and friends
accompanying. The trip Is made entire
ly in day time . and Includes a ride
through the Merced Grove and the Tuol
umne Grove (the greatest of the Califor
nia Big Trees). Meals and lodgings are
the best. The route is through the Mer
ced Canyon and passes the Cascade Falls,
Bridal Veil and Yosemite Falls, Cathe
dral Rock, the Sentinel. Glacier Point.
Three Brothers, El Capitan and New In
spiration Point. Additional stay in Yo^
Semite may be had at from $2 00 to $4 00
a day. This Is a grand chance to see the
most beautiful spot on earth. Ask about
tt at Santa, Fo Office, No. 641 Market St.*
Reduced Rates by Santa F«.
The pure food department is making
an extensive examination into the con
dition of shrimps that are being
brought to the local market. In some
cases it has been found that the
shrimps are diseased antl that pto
maine poisoning is liable to result from
eating them.
. At a meeting of the Health Board
yesterday the methods of examining
applicants for registered licenses as
plumbers came -up for hearing. - • The
custom of the board has been to have
the examinations conducted; by depu
ties appointed for, the _ purpose. These
appointees are usually master plumb
ers. Plans have been submitted to have
the examinations conducted under* the
direct supervision of the board.
It haa -been decided to make
changes In the ordinance relating to
contagious diseases. . The ordinance re
lating-to the reporting cf contagious
diseases has. been amended so as to in
clude pneumonia and physicians will
be notified, to report ¦ cases , of pneu
monia after the amendment is made.
-The clause excepting the report by
physicians on tubercular disease* will
also be amended- and physicians will
be ordered to report all cases of pul
monary tuberculosis. This will cause
some physicians trouble, as many con
sumptive patients^use. every endeavor
to have their affliction kept secret.
In' relation to the placing of quaran
tine placards on >11 places where there
has been diphtheria, scarlet fever and
chickenpox', it has been found that
neighbors object to continuing the
placards after the patient Is on the
way to recovery. The board has de
cided that it. will not fumigate and re
lease from quarantine any place on
which the placard has not been in place
for two weeks after the crisis of the
disease.
Health Officer Ragan will leave Oc
tober 1 for Washington, where he will
study food inspection and analysis at
the Department of Agriculture and to
observe sanitary work in the leading
cities of the East. During his absence
his duties will devolve upon Deputy
Health Officer Louis Levy. . < .
Mrs. Katherine Keller of ill Filbert
street, was beforc.tlie board to ask the
health 'officials' to vacate-, her premises.
The attention-" of t the Board of Health_
was -called! to- the' alleged unsanitary
condition of her .place on account of
the presence there of many dogs. Upon
investigation it was discovered that
fourteen dogs were kept on the prem
ises. . The board instructed Mrs. Kel
ler to keep fewer and cleaner pets.
Miss Fusano and Mrs. Kinu Missassa
Mura, who were married in Japan by
photographs to K. Okada and S. Wat
anabe, Japanese living in Fresno, were
remarried here yesterday according to
American law, and were allowed to
land. When pretty Mrs. Kinu. a young
woman of 18 years, beheld her second
husband, Watanabe, she almost swoon
ed with disappointment, the photo
graph having flattered him most rnen
dftCtomdy. The husbands were required
hy the bureau to furnish certificates
cr good moral character, which they
had no difficulty in doing
steamer from China and Bought admis
sion to this country as his wife. It
being evident from the fact of her be
ir-g a little footed woman that she was
not a Laborer and also that she waa
rot conies: here for immoral purposes,
little footed women never being sold
into slavery. United States Immigrant
Commissioner North decided to allow
her to la-nd, but required tha^ they
esouM be married according to Ameri
can law. The husband readily consented.
and procured a license from the County
Clerk and the knot was retied by the
Rev. John Endicott Gardiner. D. D.. of
-Jie Chinese Bureau in the presence
of almost the entire force of bureau
employes including the stenographers.
Ininugrant Commissioner North yes
terday received instructions from the
Department of Commerce and Labor to
Itnd Mm Ho, a sixteen-year-old Chin
ese girl, who sought admission as a
native American and who had been
denied a landing. The girl was given
in charge of the people at the Chinese
Methodist mission, who will secure
guardianship for her, she having no
relatives here except an alleged god
father. Miss Mee brought with her a
return certificate with a photograph
cf a Chinese girl, which she said was
that of herself, taken before she left
this city twelve years ago, but the
bureau was unable to identify her by
the picture. The . girl having been
landed as a native American, will have
ihe right to choose her own guardian,
and she may not elect to remain in
the mission, as she refused to do be
fore.
A small footed Chinese woman, with
her small son, about five years old, and
a your.g Chinese dressed in American
jrarb were the center of interest in the
Chinese Bureau yesterday morning.
The vz&n was Look Ly Tong and the
v.oinaii Caching Shee, both about 26
years of age. He is employed as a
cenpradcr for the Russian-Chinese
Bank and has a court record of his
return from China as a native Ameri
can. The woman arrived on the last
YOSEMITE VAXillET. *
Plan to Alter -Infectious
Disease Eestrictions to Be
Sent to the ; Supervisors
Young Japanese Woman
Almost Prostrated at the
Sight of Her Husband
TO AMEND 1 ORDES T AXCE
MEE HO IS ADMITTED
When the case of Charles Wyman.
a bartender accused of ballot box stuff
ing at the last primary, was called be
fore Judge Cabaniss the prosecuting
attorney asked for a continuance and
the defendant's counsel demanded an
immediate hearing, arguing that the
complaining witness, Fairfax Wheelan..
has been, in possession of his alleged
facts since August .9 and should > be
able to proceed with the examination
at once. What threatened to be a
long wrangle between the lawyers was
averted by the Judge stating, that his
calendar, is congested and that he could
¦ot give to the case the time and at-
"Dis yah Gehman gen'Iem'n'a a mean
ole thing," said Miss Flora Kerr, al
luding to Frederick Straussban. whom
she was accused of having robbed of
$45 while he was visiting her> residence
on Hinckley place. "De fac' ob de mat
tah am, yo* Honnah," she continued,
"dat dls yah Dutchman is a tryln* to
ruin man charaktah. But he cahn't
do It, Jedge. fo' Ah kin bring all de
witnesses yo* want to heah to sweah
dat my reppertashun am good.'*.
Miss Kerr was originally booked for
erand larceny, but the charge has
been reduced to petty, and on the lat
ter ehe will be tried next Tuesday be
fore Judge Mogan.
Judge Cabaniss dismissed a battery
charge against Oscar Beine, seaman
aboard the German ship Hathor, who
was specifically accused of having bat
tered the head of aS Vallejo-street bar
tender with a beer glass. The dismis
sal was caused through the unwilling
ness of the complaining witness to
prosecute, coupled with the fact that
the Hathor clears to-morrow for Ant-
a posse of policemen, led by
Sergeant Ellis, attempted to board the
Hathor to arrest Beine they were re
pelled by First Mate Miller, who aver
red that his crew was protected, by the
German flag and that only an order
from the German Consul would be re
spected by him. Mate Miller, stalwart,
black whiskered and frock coated. Was
in court to explain his conduct to the
Judge and incidentally to plead for
Seaman Belne's dismissal, and when
Judge Cabaniss saw him sitting in the
back row and Inquired who he was,
some wag replied that he was the
chaplain of the Russian cruiser Lena.
Then the Judge ordered' the, bailiff to
give the distinguished looking stranger
a choice seat in the Jury box and not
until 'the mate mounted the witness
stand and disclosed his identity* was
the court disillusioned.
Lewis Tevis, arrested for wooing
Morpheus at midday in Union Square,
proved he was not a vagrant and ex
plained that he had dined heavily and
was overtaken by resistless slumber as
he was aiding digestion by taking a
post-prandial stroll In the square. He
was dismissed by Judge Conlan. .
. Pat McDonald, able seaman aboard
the scow schooner Flossie Ferguson,
swore he was "nagged" to insubordina
tion by Mate Oscar Johnson of the
same handy craft. Mate Johnson, it
seemed, bore a grudge against Pat and
studiously created opportunity where
by he could vent his malice without
actually appearing tyrannical. On one
of these occasions, it was testified, the
mate attempted to punctuate a profane
harangue by beating Pat's head with
an iron belaying pin and when Pat, to
protect his' cranium, struck the mate
and knocked him down upon the Flos
sie Ferguson's snowy orlop deck, he
was placed under arrest. Judge Caban
iss decided that Pat was more Binned
against than sinning and dismissed the
case in accordance with that deci-
E1OEL
A- R. Murray and four fellow-va
grants were arrested at 2 o'clock yes
terday morning while they were smok
ing cigarettes and endangering the
safety of the Harrison wharf. Snuggled
amid hay bales, the vagabonds were
carelessly lighting matches and tossing
red-hot tobacco ashes upon their in
flammable couch when Patrolmen
Xolan and Rler swooped down upon
them. Judge Mogan gave them twenty
four hours' imprisonment..
James Pappas, fruit dealer at 114
Ellis street, was dozing in his store
when a man sneaked in and abstracted
$55 from his pocket and in the court of
Judge Conlan he alleged that Roy F.
Davidson was the thief. The case waa
continued till to-day.
George has worked as a teamster and
says he has been unable to obtain em
ployment, else he would have married
Landa ere he was compelled to do so.
As he will soon have a baby as well as
a bride to provide for. Mrs. Pettie is
seeking a job for him. In the mean
time Linda will "be properly lodged and
fed. ;"'M •. .
George and Linda were living in vag
abondage for several months .prior to
their wedding. On the marriage record
his residence was given as 1726 Hyde
street, and she was alleged to dwell at
19 Lily avenue. But it was stated by
Patrolman E. A- Marsh that the young
man had the girl housed in a polling
booth at Larkin and Filbert streets un
til the municipal authorities removed
her lodging place, when he transferred
her to the empty basement of 19 Lily
avenue. Her food supply consisted
chiefly of crackers and bologna sausage
pilfered by her consort from the free
lunch tables of cheap saloons. She was
in a pitiable plight when Mrs. Pettie
discovered her and forced the youth to
make her his wife.
George Lundberg, aged 22 years, was
married to Miss Linda Badger, aged 19
years, by Judge Cabaniss. Mrs. John
Pettie, manager of the Universal Ser
vice Society, acted as matron of honor.
The groom was Unsupported.
"Miss Phillips, th*, darter hof th*
'ouse, f ad hon a pair, hof pretty new
stockings, han Ol was hadmirtng on
'tra," Mr. Cox explained* to Police
Judge llogan, "w'en this yer bloke, Mc-
Cauley, hobjected to my compliments
to th' young loidy. 'Let 'er halone,' 'e
sc-z: *;*er too bloomin* fresh.' sez"'e.
Well, ver worship, has Oi wuzn't doin'
nor sayin' hanythink himproper, Oi
tells this yer McCauley ter molnd "is
hovyn bleedin' business. Then, th* first'
think Oi knaows Oi gets a 'ard clout in
th* ribs from be'ind," and Ol swings
roun' me left an* lands hon this yer
McCauley's jawr. . *E goes down, hof
course, an' w'en *e gets, hup an* comes
back Ol lets 'im.'ave me roight hon 'is
bloomin* smeller, tappin' the claret.
Then 'e cries quits an* 'as me pinched
for 'ittln' 'lm. 'E's th' one wot started
hit, an' 'e'e th' one wot oughter be
scrimped, sez Oi."
Mr. McCauley's Inability to prove
that he was not the aggressor resulted
in the acquittal of Mr. Cox.
Tommie Cox. a retired lightweight
pugilist from Australia, proved that he
was provoked to utilize his fistic science
to the personal disadvantage of Wil
liam McCauley, with whom he was vis
iting the home of T. Phillips, 76 Nato
ma street.
tentlon its importance warrants until
next Wednesday, when he will take it
up.
The defendant ,was represented by
Attorney R. H. Countryman, and asso
ciated with Assistant District Attor
ney Hanleyr for the prosecution, are
Attorneys John Hosmer and John T.
Wright, representing the t Merchants*
Association. . : ¦ -
Comprador Look Is Forced
to Kemarry Ills Little
Foot Wife to Land Her
Master Plumbers No Longer
to Decide Qualifications
of Applicants for License
Tommie Cox Pleads That He Was Simply
Admiring a Young Lady's New Stock
/ ings When W. McCauley Attacked Him
HEALTH BOARD
WILL EXAMINE
GARDINER TIES
CHINESE KNOT
FORMER PUGILIST SOON
ACQUITTED OF BATTERY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER -16. 1904.
9
AJP\^EItTISE3IEyT&,
Mrs. Haskell, Worthy Vice-
Templar, Independent Order
Good Templars, of Silver Lake,
Mass., tells of her cure by the
use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
" Dzas Mes. PnrrnAM :— Four years
e^o I tt&s ncarlj dead with inflamma-
tion aad ulceration. I endured daily
'-a told ajroay, and life was a burden
to me. I had trsed medicines and
vrashes internally and exjecnally until
I ma.de up my mind tL&t there vraa no
relief for me. Calling at the home of
a friend, I noticed a bottle of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegrctablo Cfom-
ponnd. My friend endorsed it highly,
end I decided to girt it a trial to see if
it would help me. It took patience
*nd perseverence for I was in bad con-
dition, and I used Ljdia E. Pink-
Lam's Vegetable Compound for
nearly fire months before I was cured,
but Trhat a change, from despair to
happiness, from misery to the delight-
ful exhilarating feeling health always
brings. I would not change back for
a thousand dollars, and your Vegetable
Compound is a grand medicine. '*.
"I wish every sick woman would
try it and be convinced."— Mrs. Ida
HAfiZELL, Silver Lake, Mass. Worthy
Vice Independent Order of
Good Templars. — tsooo forfeit tf oil final
tf ctom letUr fneln t ecrjjir.tntu ammU to *r*.
_ ¦ j ¦ AMCS1£MENTS.
LAST 3 DAYS .£££1?*..
Show Groacda, 11th and Kark«t Sts.
R1NGLING BROS.
Ri^^_rapflB|___~^___l jPO^J^m^S* * r g*^^^^ * * jny
100 Biff Hew Peatuxes. 375 . Star Vtt*
formers. Crazo Leapia? th* Qap. sub-
lime 1300-Character Spectacle of 3mm*-
lem and the Crusades. Th« Bisvest Show
on Earth. ' >;"
50c Ticket Admits to Everything
Children Under 12, Half Price
Admission Tickets and Numbered Re-
served Seats on sale during the encase-
ment at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Musio
Store. Kearny and Setter Sts.. at samt
price charged on the show grounds.
CALIFORNIA
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Mr. Frederick Belaaco Presents
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Last Season's Great New York '
Success,
MARTA OF THE LOWLANDS
rare-nreH Week, Commends*
SText Sunday.
Buaday, Monday. Tnesday. Wedaeaday,
. Wednesday Matlaee. '
SAZA I
Thnrsday. Friday. Saturday. Batariay
MaUaee. -
TESS OT THIS DTTSBESV1 LT.E3
SEATS NOW SETJJNO. ¦,
H. W. BISHOP, Leaaee aad Mxnajw.
1UA3T Sf IMiPOIflT A Tf CAM.
MATINEE TO-MORROW. - A * .
.' : OLIVER MORO6OO OST23S
He .rdldliu_fle lUlli
. O3f SUJIDAT— —
THE ALTAR OF FR1BVDSHIP
GP[RaHY||||HOUS[
LAST 2 NIGHTS i||
m TOREADOR
BEGINNING .NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
m SERENADE
Operatic Oebai of Aadriw Bogirt. -
Price*. 25c. 60c 75c. ' Beats Always 8ePia«.
The *Musicarcoo!mans
And a Splendid Show Erery Aftsrnooa
and Eveainr in the Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THBJ
M-rwTATTraS laECTBIC OAILEOAB.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THEfZOO.
INSPECT CAR-\RET DE LA MORT. -
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIOHT.
ADMISSION....... 10c ] CHILDREN ; 3a
When Phocing Ask for "The Chntes."
W. X. HESS.
arotary Pnblic and Attdrney-at-law. -
Tenth Floor Room 1U15. CUas Spwckela bide '
1 * Telerhone Main 933. -,' ¦'
ResWeoce. 1S02 McAllister «V. .. :'. ..-. r
Jteatdenc* Telephone Pact S44L
AMTJStaiEyTSL
LAST 3 NIGHTS. MAT. SATXTBDAT.
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
KYRLE BELLEW
And Original Co.. Including E. M. Holland.
la the Fascinating Dramatic Production.
¦¦» /I CCf 1T74ZT- THI AMATXUB
EX /Am t L.LZZ2 csaczsmaw
Befflnnliur HEZT MONDAY K1QHT
at 8 Sharp.
Hamlin and Mitchell's
MARVELOUS EXTRAVAGANZA,
"WIZARD OF OZ."
86 PEOPLE— MOSTLT GIRLS— M
SEATS HOW BSADT.
CHEERFUL VAUDEVILLE!
Th» Harry !•* Boas Company; B»oaey
and Bent; Al She an; Leo Carrillo. and
Orpheun Motion Pictnxei. Showinr th*
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR PARADE
Last Times of THE GREAT SIXGIXO FOUR:
BURTON and BROOKS; THREE MITCHELLS
and V
"OTTR BOYS XH B1UB."
RegTilar Matln*es Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 25o aad 60c
GRANDS
TO-NIGHT— TO-MORROW NIGHT.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Enormous Success of
BOTHWELL BROWNE'S
New Japanese Musical Extravaganza
| P-BINCBSin
-n- F7 A IV I Sept. 18tli
2$° i /T^l^ 2nd aad
Cler«r T>i«t w»ov
srar TAN Us* I
CASt » FAN TAK
POPULAR PRICES .15c. 25c. 80o'
SEPT. 25— TORK STATE FOLKS.
ALCAZAR "irBsr
General Maaastr
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAY.
Erg.. 23c to 75c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 23c to 50c.
WHITE 1 AMD THE ALCAZAR CO. j
WHITTLESEY
In Capt Robert Marshall's Delightful Comedy.
THE? 1 ! COMMAND
As Played by John Drew.
"A smart play smartly played."— CalL
"A brilliant success." — Post.
FINE PRODUCTION— GREAT CAST.
Monday. Sept. 19. — MR. WHITTLEfiEY
: ¦¦ - - in "MOXBARS."
Market Street.' Near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO -WIGHT — ULST 3 HZOXTS.
MATS. TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
First Time Here of Blayney's Immensely Pop-
ular Greater New York Melodrama.
I ONLY A
I SHOFXHRL
pDirpC Evenings.... ;.l0c to 50o
rfllWLJ Matinees. 10c. 15c. 25o
WEZT-rAIIEB BY THE .WATSZDg
. MISCELLANEOUS A^IUSEMEXTS.
BASEBALL.
Oakland v s^ Los Angeles
AT RECREATION rARK,
' Eishth and Harrison • Streets. ¦
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY and FRIDAiT
................;........ .3:00' IV M.
SATURDAY 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY ....:....;*.. .......2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE THURSDAY and FRIDAY.
1 . Advance salt of nati at 6 Stockton at.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
My Patron* f|||ipgi_J ;
My enstomera Invariably " contlnu* to
patroniz* me. because they jret pood ralu«
for their money. I can save you money
and time on this work.
DEVELOPIWaj
Roll ot six ....IOc/RoII ot twelv* ..15c
LSi^tS - PBUIT1HG:
SoHo finish, 3c to ."icfVelox fini9h,3c to 6c
DATIJGHT LOADING FILMS In polls
of six and twelve exposures. Best on the
market.
AUSCO CAMERAS — no better Cameras
made — *5 up.
CTKO PHOTO PAPER rives splendid
results. Prints by artificial light.
Cameras repaired at reasonable prices.
Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MAEKET STREET. Opp. Fifth.
SAN FRANCISCO.
PflisrA D0^ T rA| L TO
rmau; gee b^utani
•j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r J PALMROOM, tht
lirHdQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UIIU LOR,* and the LA-
UZiZiZ- DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqom -
DDTTCUI7C TOR BARBERS. BA-
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannen,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.. { '
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
(f J
MARKET sfls F^S^
_flfe B H a ¦% Outfits. Guns, Amounl.
Hi £9 RSH 1 tIon - FJshinsr and Outing
B Bm am ft A S_9 Goods. Tents and run* to
llSalaiB R">t. CATALOG FREE.
%0 fl I 1 1 1 f HREVE & BARBER CO..
C21 Kearny it., a T.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSEa
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
ribESX ASX> . SAI.T aCBATfl. f .
IIC RAVFC tt C(l~ Bhippln* Butchers, 108
JAj. dUICJ & tU. clay. TeL Mate 1284.
— — — — -
LUBRICATING OELS: LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front at.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
,. FSXJHTXHCr.
LAST WEEK OF
'«NHElJSER|USH' J
The Brirhtest. Catchiest and Funniest Bur-
:. • • lesqus Ever Penned. -. ---: ¦
Twenty Positive Song and Specialty Htt».
Unrivalled Cast and Chorus.
. Scenery and Costuming " Never. Equaled. : '
. Matinees Saturday ._ and Sunday.
-..= Ever-Popular. Prices.
]Next Attraction. Monday,-, September, 19, -
; MISS; MAZUMA :4
A ~ : Bfrictly ' Original Burlesque ; Full of Sur-
• ... prises. ¦ ••¦ . - • •
Seats now on saltk s
AJaV^TISKMEyTS. ¦
Rid fitove^
Xw^^T-^^ "We must move shortly, as onx bnildin? is to
Jr V be torn down.. .Cortain lines,. of Oentemeri
Mr Gloves In suede and glace are now benlff closed '•
B oat on that accottat. Come while colors and sizes axe unbroken. %
m Embroidered Suede, in colorB; formerly $1.25 and $1.50; now 95c !%
If Embroidered Kid, in black; formerly $1:50; now " 95o '¦
H Improved Capitol Kid. in colors; reduced to 95o •,¦-"¦
m Embroidered Kid. in colors; formerly XI. 50; now. ....... .91.10 ' J
* Tranchant Kid. in colors; formerly $1.75 and $2.00; now.. $155 ' m
'- !^L_ : /"^ r : AI>0 a few 8h <>rt line* at evwr^reater reductions. . ---M.
SALESROOMS— 200 POST STREET _^f
; Comer Grant. Arenne ,':_^ '. -- ". .. '. ¦¦' ,. >
i ho xniifnufDOi -¦''-'.¦¦¦
1 110 vU 111 II If 001 •¦'¦
If you go East via Kansas City make sure
that your ticket, Kansas City to Chicago, is for
the . Southwest Limited of the v ]V }.
Chicago, Milwaukee and St, Paul
Railway *
It is the new electric lighted train" that'Hias
taken first place with -first class travelers.
$72.50 to Chicago and return— September 19.
,20, 28 and 29; October 3, 4, 5,' 6, 19, 20, 26 ami
27. Return limit, 90 days. .Via the ' Overlaii'l
Limited and Omaha; via Kansas City autl the
Soothwest Limited. ; - "•
Tickets 635 Market Street, San Francisco. '
* C. L." CANFIELD,
• 'General; Agent.
¦' •¦"•- §. ¦_'__ PRAGERS ,_¦__' - r . -
I Friday Surprise No. 10 j
I These* prices positively for to-day only. % I
I] HP HIS is the first Friday Surprise Sale conducted since the grand opening of our second floor, and the «
H J[* specials are better than ever, as the choicest lines have been culled from the departments of both g
H floors. Every shopper who has participated in one of these sales appreciates the tremendous saving Ij
9 possible on all the most seasonable merchandise. --'*fi ;]
I Flannelettes 7Qc Pett^ coats <ri 7c? Coal Hod and Shovel
I /' Yard — A fine rieaw Sold for v[) 1 ./ D _ In our basement de-
i _K_T» Yar ? ftne ' ""Y (Second Floor.) 7SP Partment of household
3 VW grade fleeced back TOR to^ay and to-day only, we Lju/W and kitchen utensiU a
H ¦ - ¦¦ ° t . . t^ have placed on sale one thousand ,, . -t-.«,««.^
1,' Flannelette that cannot 1 Black Sateen Petticoats, made in wel j "™ a « Japanned
H-,..': , , three different styles as shown Coal Hod and Shovel, which sells
m -be had' on Other days for less In the drawing. These skirts are regularly for 45c, may be had to-"
fa. ¦ ' ' , , , K mad© of extra quality black sateen j°. t Z. M V : ncr rt f <Jl_
¦ than I2V^C a- yard. It has a and are beautifully made in every da y at a saving ot 2OC.
63 _ . "* . way. You cannot but be delighted ¦ ¦ .
h cashmere finish and comes in with them. kcmi* c • 1
j|>n the light and dark colors, TCP Millinery SpeaQl
jB and is an exceptionally suit- ' Untrimmed Felt Shapes.
M j • . £ v -j j • ®BHl!^Sw^5s»SKa f. O — . There never was such !j
g, and consists of . embroidered wJ^^ff^^f^i UnC ? n offerin 5 as &* be- |J
I collars in bright and Oriental JtV-PW fore at this period of |
H colorings on butcher linen. .-H^SSfJK^BSraS^^iB shapes have been on our counters |]
I There are many different de- ! sa^n rCO fo- Ji:S -ou hin to da^ H
M signs, so that every variety 1 come in black, brown and navy. 6 H
|1 may be had. They are easily Chenille Braid, Oc a yard. M
I worth 35c each, but have been RememBer this is the star bargain cSvere? BandTa^; 19C * E
H , j ... __.. ... attraction in our Women's Cloak and w\erea Hanaeaw. loc. /»
|j marked special for this day. Suit Department, on the second floor. uncovered wire Bandeaux, 10c. fi
I Shell Combs Black Hosiery n
II and look as well as those |$J ' ALWAYS RELIABLE . thread. One of the great IJ
I on, sale at 50c. M ft lORAMAOKFT^T •' features of these stock- I
B Belts, 23c "^ UOO' 12 Oil IVlAKlVl!. 1 ings is their splendid I
II This belt comes in black .. shapes and elasticity. We Ij
i V^l ''™ hiln^w-^flfff? An the Shopping Inducements That Have Made This always sell them at 15c H
H nave ever Deen aoio to oner Fr ° •* ' la
I j or the money. Store Popular Are Still Here. a pair. yTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL*, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16/1904.
10
IREE-GHEMIGALLY PURE AND WHQLESQriE, TOUR POUNDS
j C~A~RVOYA_TTS— Continued.
I FROM ALL SECTION3 THETCOME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL DEilON-
STRATIO.N.
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
¦•>¦• .'-- r * READINGS. $L
He has met every expectation, every adver-
*He Ts acknowledged by all who consult him
_« a true exponent of the occult science: for
overcoming trouble, bad luck, ill health, busi-
ness love family and financial worries; would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? to be relieved of the matters that ar»
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies that yon may meet with better succe_?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go _t once to LIVINGSTONE.
Who is i>ermanent!y located at
42S Eddy st.: lady attendant.
Everything strictly confidential.
Three separate reception parlors.
* — -
AA— CALL at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1.
PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant at_
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee t»
make no charge If I fall to tell your name and
what you want to know. I tell if husband. wi*»
or sweetheart la true or false, whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell every hop*.
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. I will Improve your condition so you will
reach th» greatest possible strength la mental
and bodily vigor, and luck that Insures success
in business, mining, speculation; I Implant tn»
controlling power In your nature so you eaa
fascinate any on« you desire, win the one you
love, bring back your loved one. and causa
marria_e with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 9
p. m ,: closed Sunday. 328 OTarrell st. 828.
A— Miss M. Wtlle. 330 Ellis, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special. $1; hours 10 to 3.
TEMPLE! OF OCCULT SCIENCE.
' Sittings, life readings, healtng: Instruction
In all branches: lady attendant; afternoons
and evenings. 218 Eddy st.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. A palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestlo
troubles, bus. and financial success; names;
L.. 50c; Q.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
I ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The "Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 19
a. m. to 5 p. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
PALMISTRY, card-reading. M1S3 L. KAHN-
TU3. 704% Larkin: 10 a. m .. 0 p. m.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card readlnr. t»
leaves; 25c up. 612% Eddy St.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist and Dsbyehlo ear*
reader; readings 25c; 2 to 9 p. m. »-S Jessie.
MRS. BAUMANX, the well-known fortone-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis it.
CH~gOPOjPIST3.
CORNS, bunions, ingrowing nails removed;
pamlesa. DR. WOODRUFF. 855 Market st.
CXOTH-HP BE-rOVATX-Q.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1: ccourln_ and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg.. r._U0;
phone Drum— . 44. CaU for and deliver free,
COT^SVVlO^OTTlJCpS.
Bad tenants ejected for $4; collections mada:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 4l_
Montgomery, rooms 3-10; teL Main 55SO.
DENTISTS. '
A~NEW plate — The "Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth,
DR. LUDLCM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teet_
from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. KNOX. dentist, now located at the Grant
building. 1095 Market st.. room, 203; all first-
class dentistry at low -prices.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearrr y, cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns.$2 up;flmnss.23c.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2: no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2O4 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 817 Geary
st. to 580 Geary at.
ARTHUR CHISHOLJT. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. S06 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed br the New York den-
tists. Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 9C3 Misslon.cor.6th.
BZtESS—ASC—SS AND_SEASI3~_1XSSE3
FINKELSTETN. 410 EHls — Ladies' tailor suits
to order on Installments If desired; reas.; call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1013 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole fa ctory.llO Taylor.
epttca rrroBTAii. ¦',.,,.
A EIGGER school than ever. On Jane 1 w«
moved to new fireproof building. 73S Mission
St.. between Third and Fourth: more space;
finer rooms: better light: finest In the West;
come and see. S. F. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bid?.
A — THE Paul Gerson School of Acting 1 gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special summer course. 41-4 Mason.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, trpirg; $5 rconth; life scholarship
$50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees positions* to graduate-: Pit-
man shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mot.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mln.. mech.. »ur-
vey assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1S64; Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES In short story writlnr and Journal-
ism, meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thu— .. 2 p. n_.
333 Phelan bids. : terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Con. «02 Van N«m
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Prea.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-'
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Eend for catalog-*.
PIANO TAUGHT. 38 GLEN PARK AVHL.
OFF 12TII. BET. MISSION AND HOWARD.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open, nin-
man'a School of Danclmr. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
EPANISH.French.ctc.Prof.D» Flllppe'sAcade— »
cf Ianguage3,lC18 Pest; est.lS71;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly br mall and per-
sonally. M133 M. O. Barrett. 803 Moatg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Oar and
. PARTINGTQN'S., 424 Pine st. — Night _— as.
ISAAC Pitman Bustness College. S43 Haight:
individual lnstroc; all branches; day, ev.
"WESTERN Business Oilers. 1107 MTrt.. com-
plets course. $8 mo. $30; eve. $4 mo.; prlr_t«
CALIFORNIA Business College C23 GoUev
Gats ava., S. F.: 75-pag» catalog on request.
E__P_OY___2r_\ OPriCE3.
A'— JAPANESE and Chin ess employment of_c«
supplies best help promptly; city er countrr.
8. IMURA. 833 Sacramento. TeL James B-St,
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlca — Japanese—
Chlnesa help. 426 Powell St.: tel. Main S75X
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Senng's. 411% OTarrell; teL East 4-0.
WE furnish bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers.
general help. "NATIONAL." 809 Hearst bid.
JAPANESE- Chines* Em p. Office. 413 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamag-kl.mgr. ;tel.B_ih S59.
RELIABLE Japssese-Chlnese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 313S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY _ CO.* 640 Clay.
EM~XOY__:~T WA_T__P— •_~~mtat,— ,
LADIES' tailoring. dressn___c, coat and shirt
want suits, cutter and fitter: only first-class
work done and warranted; engagements per
day. MISS BARS3. Sherman House. 28 8th st.
TRAINED nurse wishes position as companion
or -nurse for elderly lady or Invalid: refer-
ences furnished and good waffes expected fot
good service. Address box -1S3. Call offlce.
WANTED— By lady of sood address, place «»
housekeeper in rooming-house. Call or ad-
Cress 500 Eddy St.. MRS. F. "W.
RESPECTABLE woman desires position as
housekeeper: city or country. MRS BROWN,
612 Fourth st.
A WOMAX wishes work by the day; house-
work. CaU at CSO Steven— in st.
WANT child to wet nurse at 31 Chattanooga
•t.. near Twenty -second.
WANTED — By . respectable woman, washtr*
by day or halt day. Pleas* call at _73
Harrison at.
WANTED — Place to take charge of hoibw a*
housekeeper; good references. Box 1058t
Call office. , .- .
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid. AddreM froa
1058. Call o_c*. . - . ¦
TOSCTESS CBAWCES— -Cont—ned.
A— CAMERON 4; CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR sale — Well furnished 5-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city: fine chance for
dimmer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilet: closets: everything
strictly new and modern; accommodates 12
people over night; perfept little home; owner
obliged to gro East; make offer. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. .
FOR sale — Grocery, creamery, hay, feed, also
barley mill plant; best coast city In Califor-
nia; over 4000 population;' sold as whole or
separately: fine 'proposition; has the butter
business of the tovn; extensive Interests else-
where only reason for selling; books open for.
Inspection. For particulars see CAMERON
& CO., 3 Eddy st,
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-bs. or business. CAMERON, 3 Eddy.
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes' ride from city;
1 acres in shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished;
2 bars, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery;
many other attractions; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars direct; clears $4000 pear
year: pries $2200. For further particulars
see CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Well equipped millinery store;"
beautiful show cases, counters and store fix-
tures; clean stock of goods; doing good busi-
ness; fine location; fittings cost more than
price a.«k.-d; big snap at $1000; elckness.
CAMERON & CO. ¦
FOR sale — Best little restaurant In city; down-
town; doing good business; cheap rent; own-.,
er has ether Interests and can't devote his
time to it; snap; $500. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Eddy st. - ¦¦-
EXCHANGES made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Old-established stationery and pe-
riodical business, with a long lease; on ac-
count of sickness of owner. ¦ Apply to . E.
BAUER. S. F.. Newa Co., 342 Geary sL
HOME bakery; furnished living rooms; French
range; $300; no, agents. 417 O'Farrell st. -
GOOD corner saloon; cheap; on account of
death. Inquire 189S Hrfivard st.
RESTAURANT for sale In front of car house.
1189 Oak st. .
BAKERY— All store - trade: over $35 dally;
worth $2500; price $2000. 721 Polk et.
A GOOD -hotel In 'Contra' Costa County for
sale. Box 895. Call office.
$400 BUYS fine" paying restaurant for man - and
.wife; good location. 777% Market st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened a IM008 .Market . st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until? 11 p. m. » ¦ '
COMPRESSED Air? and Vacuum Process : used
fcr cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices ' moderate. ': S. F. Com-
pressed ' Air Cleaning ¦ Co., 308 Market st. ;
, phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you ' become disgusted with I your I work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. : 355-357 Tehama st.", Tel: South 40.;
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning .Works. 1S09 . Har-
rlton st. : Al cleaning. 3c ., : FRED , HAGE-
DORN _ CO. : phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning 3o yard.; Tel. Mission 74.- .-;
CONKLIN'S Superior - Carpet Beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ' Telephone East 126. >:
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
¦ tresses made over.. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.,'402 Sutler st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.;- carpet-beating works; prices
' reasonable. 1703 IDUrrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
_ BOOKS ' ¦_
ECHOO_f"'_ocJ_ «W and new.' boutrht and »oid.
DALY Si CLT.RAX. S- r >7 Geary st.
CHASrCES^
i"— $KO-"cORN_rrsuIoon. with 5 years* lease;
v .»ry best legation a good paying busl-
nese. Call K- G. WILKE, 2C'/j Kcarny st.
'%.— $300; COMMISSION business; established
many years; rent $80; b<st location: investi-
gate; this is a very rare chance. Sea R. O.
V.1LKK. ZWi Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY; best location in the Mis-
elon; rent Ji3; all store trade; baking 1H
barrels per day; 4 years* lease; « living
rooms. Kee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $100; RESTAURANT and chophouse; oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16; a good paying busi-
ness, gee R. G. WIKE. 26% Kearny st.
A _$<Ki0; HOARDING and rooming house; SO
rooms; kitchen, dining-room. 37 beds; good
nsyinir nr.d old established house: lease.
Can K. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A'—f_5C0; HOTEL with 27 furnished rooms
r.cr^rs the buy; 5 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying : finest location In
CccJ liusiaess town. R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $3C0: CORNER ealoon on Fourth St.; rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny et.
A— $1250; DAIRY produce, branch bakery. Ice- !)
cream and candy store; rent $15; dally re-
ceipts about $33; business clears from $150
to $200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 23%
Kearny st.
A — $1200; CORNER ealoon on Folsom si.; rent
$2C; place doing a first-claas paying business.
Eee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1730; BAKERY, estab. many years; dally
receipts $50; baking 3% barrels day;very best
locat'n. PartlcularaJt.G.WILKE.2»% Kcarny
$20C0— BAKBER shop; 4 chairs: elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $76, including 7 rooms; "located In the
choicest bueiness part of tnis city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
dallv receipts about $20; best location north
of Market et. Call R. G. WlLKH. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $lS00; CORNER saloon; about 1 block from
Chronicle building; lease: one of ibe btst lo-
cations In this city; rare chance. Bee R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ' ; \
A— $6500; EALOON, one of the best on Market.
. et.; 4%-year lease; rent $107: place la ele-
gantly fitted up and never clearing less than
$350 per month. Eee R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. ¦ ____________
A— $2000; HOTEL In San Mateo Co.; 28 fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and dance pavilion; rent $100; horse,
»«gin and 3 cows: 8-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on FuKoa
et.; rent $60: Iivinsr rooms;, stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000r CORNER saloon with 4 years' lease
In wholesale district; owner bought ranch
and sacrifices; ealoon established years; a
first-class paying place. Eee R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A— $800: CORNER ealoon in wholesale district;
rent $50; clace doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; . no night or
Eundny work. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery St.. vicinity of
California; Dlace must be sacrificed on ac-
count of ill health of • owner. See R. G.
WILKE?. 26% Kearny St.
THE EAW r YER-BLETHEX CO..
Busincs-s Exchange. 1118 Market st.
Faloons $35O to $7500
Rooming-houses $275 to $1250
Restaurants $950 to $2500
Groceries $325 to $3500
Cigar Ftands $125 and up
Bakeries $175 to $500
EAWYER-BLETHEN CO.,
Business Exchange, 1118 Market st.
Clear 6tand, near Market st $1800
Grocery, notions, etc.. 5 living rooms. 1000
Ranch and meat market, country...... 6000
Ealoon, rent $150; lease 1600
$1600 — PARTNER In first-class corner saloon
across bay; finest and best paying class of
custom; trial. 110S Webster St., Oakland.
$2000 — PARTNER In tvholesalt and retail wood
and coal business: most prosperous country
town In State; «stabllshed for years; horses,
wagons: best chance in this line; investiga-
tion offered. 1108 Webster St.. Oakland.
$1200 — CORNER saloon with 9 rooms: rent $20;
nice location across bay; owner will give
lease. Apply 1109 Webster St.. Oakland.
$300 — SALOON across the bay with living
rooms in rear; good reasons for selling. 110S
Webster St.. Oakland.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or eell property of any
description, dwelling or rooming house,
grocery, butcher shop, delicatessen, branch
bakery, clear stand, saloon or business of
any kind, do not fall to call upon us; we
may have Just what you want to buy or a
purchaser lor what you have to sell. SEAL
ROCK INVESTMENT CO.. 1312 Market St..
rooms 41S-419; telephone Folsom 316S.
$1750— SALOON: building Included; a mint; no
rent: receipts $25 daily; rare opportunity:
Exclusive with KREDO & CO.. 765 Market.
A— ?500; PARTNER; est. office business; reli-
able man wanted: clears $250 month; rare
chance. KREDO & CO., 765 Market,
$600 — Restaurant; north Market, nr. Kearny:
stands Inves.; rent $60. BERG. 318 Kearny.
$150 — PARTNER; need partner more than
money; call at once. See BERG, 31S Kearny.
$1200— TtOADHOUSE; lease 4 years to run;
rent $50. See F. BERG, 318 Kearny.
FOR eale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease for 5 or 10 years; a fine located
home and established health resort, 27 rooms;
eeveral mineral springs on It; old age the
cause. For particulars inquire or call at
MRS. HOPPIN'S SPRING, Bartlett Springs
Lake County, Cal.
THE real estate business cf FRANK P. LEE,
located at 011 Broadway, b»t. 8th and 9th
ets.. Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment, counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.,
is for sale. Any one Interested will kindly
calr*at above address for further particulars.
WANTED— Hustler with ability to sell candy
on r-alary; $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operative corporation under California laws.
Apply immediately KELLER CANDY CO.,
477 Seventh st.,Oakland;branch San Francisco
ESTABLISHED staple manufacturing firm de-
elres tervlces of I reliable, energetic partner
with $750; large and Increasing profits; no
competition; permanent: steady income; ex-
perience unnecessary; Investigate. 247 5th.
WANTED — A sober business man as partner
to act as manager and treasurer of a small,
up-to-date theatrical troupe, to play In town*
and small cities; $700 cash . required. For
particulars addreea box 4488, CaU office.
WANTED — Partner In mechanical business; no
previous experience • required ;•- short hours;
light work; $15 to $35 a week each; $300 re-
quired. 47 Geary St., room 6.
A FIRST-CLASS ' bakery and delicacy; $25
per day trade; clears ¦ $150 " per month over
expenses; cash $950. real estate $1200. 2474
Mission st.
CHANCE for an all -round Job printer with
$1000 to buy half Interest In Job office In
San Jose. Address or call at 85 South Third
et., San Jose. '.
AN Industrious young' business man with about
$3000 capital ' can purchase half Interest in
old established business; principals only.
Address box 1454. Call office.
WANTED — A good grocery • and bar, without
wagen trade preferred. Box 1202, Call.
GOOD-paylng, well-established hardware store:
all nice clean stock; must sell on account of
\ sickness; only $K250; will, take half city real
estate. Box 1211, Call office.
CANDY. Ice cream and tam ale store; must be
cold; owner leaving city; good location;, fine
bus.: 3 furn. rms. 1533 Devisadero, nr. Geary.
WANT to dispose ' of half interest in sood- •
raying flower store; best location in tlie city.
Box 1440. Call office. . • '
FIRST-CLASS corner saloon: best ; location;
long lease: owner must leave the city; no
ercnts. Inquire, saloon 33S Ninth et.
CANDY store— Will , sell to " suit buyer; snap;
other business the reason. * 1427 Market st. ,
FOR sale — Eureka House; 14 furnished rooms.
850 Howard st. <
FOR E_!e — Stationery and notion" store; sick-
ness; value In sight;, no agents. 1S03 Howard.
EALOON for sale, cheap; ' good location. ; S38
Broadway,- Oakland,
BARBERS— 2 -chair shop to rent; " furnished;
eheaD. 1601 BrodtrlcU st.. - cor. of Post.
THE $lg CALL
JOHN* D. srgECivICLS Pr°Pgglg_
Addr»>ss Comraunicatlcns to
johv Mcxacgiit. •jj L^uljl_?-?5H?52!
\vTj. SIAKT1X..._. Business Manager
TELEPHONE '.
A*k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nwt Tea V.ith tr.e Dipartment You Wish.
Publication Offic* Market and Third. S. F.
E_itcri£l Rooms -17 to » Stevenson et.
Delivered by Czrrirn. CO Cts. Per V.>?k. 75
Ct«. Per Month. Flrg'.e Copi's » J- 1 !;.,.,, \
Trrms ty Mall, lncludins Postage Cash \Mtn
DAILT CALL f!r.clid. Stt__ay>. 1 ' r ** r r-*_-£2 1
DAILY CALL (inr'.ud. Hi.ndsv). 6 mo... 4_00
DAILY CALL— Vy Month o '^
ErNPAT CALL. J Yiar "V.
WEEKLY CALU £J«^ __^_
FOREIGN '• c-v.dVv 4 I.-. I>r Y«"ar Kxtra
POSTAGE. j WVkfv". 1.00 P^r Y^»r Extra |
Can-pie Copies will be forrrariJed when re-
Msll -ibwrribe- ordering change _ of^ «d-
_rew should be particular to give .
AND OLD ADDKESS in order to «P» U J« *
pro-pt tad correct compliance with taeir re-
CBesL
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101« Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKKLEY OFFICE:
_<S Cer-ter £tre?t Telethons Norta •?
— ASHINGTON COH RESPONDENT:
EAMlTEL W. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW TOKK "CKWS STAND:
—aldorl-Attrria Hot»l; A. Brentano. «1
Vtxlem Square: Murray BUI Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel _r.<i Hc_.-nan Hoes*.
CHICAGO N'EWS STANDS:
Et*r-sn Hcuf*; P. O. News Co.; G "»t
Northern Hotel: Tren:ont House: Auditorium
Hot*!; Palmer Hou*e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOHGE KKOGN'ESS. Maxquette Buildln*.
<Lo_K L v .itance Telefhon*. "Central 2619. *
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPHEN" B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bulld'.njf
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTCX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Eaa Francisco Call.
corner Markrt ard Third streets; open until
12 o'clock rvtrf r.ipht in th# y»ar.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 D. m. .,
„? Montsom er>' street, corner Clay; open until
><:30 p- — ..
e0C« Hayes rtreft; open unUl 9:30 p. m.
C3» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. o.
r.:15 Larkir. ttrpct; cptn. until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
J09C Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
S*rtheast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. in.
T^jii FilTinore street: open until g'y. m.
a~c_Tii!ra- notices.
PACIFIC Lodgre No. 136. F. and A. rt
M.. raeets THIS EVENING, 7:30 vVf
o'clock, riret dfgi ¦**. /VN
GEORGE PKNLINGTON. Sec.
6AX FRANCISCO Lo<5se. L*. D.. F. and _¦
A. it.. Mission Tempi" — Second degree VV
THIS <FRIDAY) EVEXINO at 8/VN
o'clock. By order of W*. M.
A. A. ANDERSON, Secretary.
EAHGENT Lodge No. S6S. I. O. O. ,**>£_«.,,
F.— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY)
HVENING. c o'clock. Eureka
Hall. Visiting and eojourninp -&9nfi*?^
brotbrrs welcprn e. A. RODER, N. G.
G. LATHKOP. Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K of P.. ~£g.
r meets THIS EVENING
at 8 o'clock. Pioneer building. 24 /SsJjCL
Ffturth fit. n6<juire rank. Visitors __g2*C
cordially in\-lted.
F. O- MOLL. C. C
R. N. lIcLENNAN. K. cf R. and S.
ET'REKA Lodge No. 9. K. of P.. ~f**
Red Men'* Hall. _0 Golden Gate *¥&^/
ave. meets THIS <FRIT>AY) "&_S
EVENING: will confer Page rank J&2&C
en e!x candidates. All brother
Knights are cordially Invited.
* XV. T. CRONIN. C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE. K. R. and S.
" — ~ ~~ .
BAN FRANCISCO T»nt No. 1*. /Kj^V 5 *^!
K. O. T M.— Review THIS fr^C--r"sSa
• FRIDAY) EVENING at 8 fejft? O 6^3
o'clock. Pioseer Hall. 2* WAtS I\\SHJ
Fourth et. \W_^_fe}?Sr
D. B. ni'-HARDS. \3&&Mr
Record Kejjxr.
REGTH_VR meotinc of th» Cale- . Os
donian Club THIS EVENING at *\. >_ ,V?
6 o'clock. Scottish Hall. 119 -y'*_:v_f
Larkin ft. >^5%^
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
A SPECIAL meeting cf . Bricklayers* Union ,
No. 7 will be held at B. B H 121
Eddy «.. THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at
6 o'clock, on account of death of our past
president. WILLIAM BENSON. By order
K. L. NOLAN. President.
F. L. HADLEY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re- '
reived application to rolne by hydraulic process
Jrcm Jas. C. Hager in Mount Pleasant mine,
near fccaniEh Ranch. Plumas County, Cal.,
<!rainir_ Into Spanish Creek, which reaches
Fttther River, eives notice that a meeting
to receive eny pretests will be held at room
P«. Flood building, £an Francisco. Cal.. 6ept
26. 1&C4. at 1:30 p. m.
AGE-TTS WA~— ED.
WANTED — A rood party to take the agency
for my electro radiator fcr treating and
healing all kinds of rheumatism, chronic and
r.e— -ous diseases. PTtCF. WM. RICHARDS,
inventor end patentee, offices at 1010'$
Washington 6t.. Oakland, Cal.
_IAIL $1 50 fcr cn» dozen fountain pens; will
»el! on 6ight at 25c each: act as agent; many
• rents ee!! 6 to 10 dozen daily; earn $250
monthly. FIELD CO., S37 Bush et., S. F.
PORTRAIT ticerit*: bert Disposition for city.
"•>! Pc«t ix.. room 4. •
ATTOCgEYS-AT-I.A'W.
It. W. KING. Attcrn»y-at-Law, Exam, bide
6t_ floi-r; entrance room Cll: established 20
j-ears; all courts, ceneral court and ofttce
. practice; no 'ee in advance or lor consul ta-
Uoa: evenings by appointment. Tel Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all legal matters; divorces a
epeclalty; prlvoje. Quick; no pay in advance;
__8lag companies organized ;p_ter.te obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market tl; estab. 22 yrs!
JlA. — Divorce:cosls $12;quick.qulet;advlce free-
_)! !tw business; no charge unless success-
ful; cpen evenings. 027 Market St.. room 301.
COLLECTIONS, attachments, mechanic' i
Hew. probate, tenants ejected. Attorney. 6K
Market «t.. room 23.
CrvOKCE— Corta. $12: quick, quiet: advlc*
fret; all law business; no charge unless «ue-
cfgfnl; cpen evenings. 827 Market, room 301
ADVICE free; divorce coets $12; no fees or
cscts In advance; all law business; ofBee
<T»ea Saturday evenlaga. 813 Market St.. r.33.
ADVICE free. Ocaorsnlan Law ¦ _ Collection
Agency, room. £5. 916 Market; tel. John 6226.
PATENTS. American an4 foreign. EONTAG'S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine St.. 6th floor.
Z_ 6. CLARK. 027 Market, r. 204; consultation
free; no fees in rdvance; open evenings.
ASOPTIOa". ~
WANTED — Girl baby for edoptlon; Ideal home
PR. FVNKi:. 14:6 Eighth gt.. Alameda;
,¦: AST__A CXTBE.
VI KOLA'S Asthma r.ernedy relieves "instant-
ly: 10c. 25c. 50c 1CC2 Market. EL Nicholas:
*l»o Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
__^ ATTTOKOniLES.
WANTED — Ar. autorsoblle; reasonable and in
good order. Bex 121 S. Call office.
LOCOMOBILE. 10-her— • pott «t: 2 seate; In
good runrlr.c order. Call 473 Valencia st.
BIKpS, DOGS, ETC.
HAIiTZ Mountain ct:i*r?»i< & African «r*y par-
roi_. <u*t rec:!\'fd. A. C HobUoa. S3S Kearny.
_ BOASDnrG rOKJ^EZX^SBEXr.
CJ-IILURKN b'/iu_e<t: mother's .care; test cf
refertnetg. C1C Fifth ave., Richmond.
SOASDIgQ POB CHLPBBS WASTTEP.
TRIVATE fswily to take boy to board; Oak-
l_rd »rcferre<l: attends public school. B^x
16S3. CaU clflc*. *
~~~~" ~~7A^\Vn?_L^sT12E_SA__r^~~
¦ (From) ' '• ¦
MARION GRIFFIN.
(Read)
(and be wise.)
408 Hearst bldg., over Examiner entrance,
cor. 3d and Market sts. ; phone - Black 3607.
We furnish abstracts and guarantee titles.
NEW AND MODERN HOUSE OF 19 LARGE
rooms In a quiet, respectable neighborhood;
attractive house with pretty entrance and re-
ception hall; newly, furnished and clean;
clears $90 monthly; mostly apartments, hence
very, little work; all brieht and sunny outside
rooms; it's a nice bay-window house with
HOT AND COLD WATER -In every room;
newly calcimined. new plumbing, all in first-
class condition. To. examine .this house see
MARION GRIFFIN. -^
BARGAIN— Just listed: must be sold by 10 a.
m., Sept. 17; 17 rooms of good furniture and
carpets; 3 blocks of Market; _ years' lease,
price $600; reduced from $1400; house full of
•roomers. / MARION GRIFFIN.
DEPENDABLE houses are creatly In demand;
we have one of 100 rooms,"' clearing $458
monthly: books open for your inspection; long
lease; low rent; make offer; easy -terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
HANDSOME apartment house, S3 large rooms,
most beautifully furnished: rent, only $450;
long lease; over $10 per .day -clear profit;
for sale at a bargain. MARION GRIFFIN.
ONE thousand dollars less than, its' value will
take a nicely furnished 16-room house; quiet
and res{.ectable; clearing $76 per month. See
, MARION GRIFFIN.
' ¦
NEAR Van Ness ave.: only 557 rent; modern
house; good furniture; 14 rooms; splendid lo-
cation;. $850. MARION GRIFFIN.
TRANSIENT house, grandly fitted up; properly
managed will clear over $100 a month; 10
rooms. MARION GRIFFIN.
PARTLY, furnished; 30 rooms: • 19 . newly fur-
nished and 11' unfurnished; $130 rent, with
lease;, $1250. MARKXX GRIFFIN. -
TRANSIENT 27-room corner fccuse; 4 years'
lease; clears $200. MARIQN GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern; 31 rooms; clearing $123; all
permanent roomers;, if you want something
NICE, ltt us show you this. -* r -- ¦" ''
.<. ¦ . MARION GRIFFIN.
CHOICE location: 66 rooms; rent ' less than $3
a rcH/m for the building; .lease; oak and ma-
hogany furniture. - MARION GRIFFIN.
THE most elegantly furnished flat of 7 rooms
In this clty;.the furniture is the very best
highly polished oak:-'flne beds, , extra nice
hangings; . nice location, near -Bush and
Jones ste.; modern flat -with all conveniences:
, will i make tt~< fine home . for : small family.
MARION. GRIFFIN. 406 Hearst bldg. /
30 ROOMS ; rent $90; clears $90. ....... .•. $900
27 rooms; housekeeping; rent $45....... 1200
', 60 rooms; rent $300 ................... '6000
¦ 8 rooms; nicely furnished,' with- piano. 575
• 30 rooms; attractively furnished: 3000
38 rooms: rent $65 ......;........:. 8dO
'30 rooms; rent $105 ...........:...... .1800
.-25 rooms; rent $60 .........;"..:.....'.. 1400
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 1008^'Market at.
. . ..... ... ; . : .MITCHELL & CO. .V. .... .... . .•
* 1206 Market st . .'.V. .'...:.. '• Phone Jessie 2081
Rooming and apartment" houses.- hotels and
flats sold to suit purchasers ;titl<?s guaranteed.
.............MITCHELL _ CO. ... .;
TO • let — i i new , modern houses ; unfur. ; : rent
''.- 1 ¦ $5 per : r. ; : central ; ; also fur. houses and flats
' lor sale; . genuine bargains; -rnothlng mis-
represented at our office. SAN FRANCISCO
CREDIT; CO.." 10 Turk st. . Phone Mint 741.
I 60 ¦ ROOMS, Bush st. ; Al location: • rent $300;
lease; weir furnished; landlady owns proper-
; . ty, wishes - to retire; make offer. ¦ MITCH-
ELL.' 1206 Market et. c
SMALL . private rooming-noise / for sale; . no
reagents. -Call 766; Folsom /st. ; -V
X-^-34-ROOM transient house; downtown: clears
I r$200; price $2800; no agents. . Box ¦ 2199. % > Call..
TWELVE-ROOM house; $250 down; eaay terms;
, rent $42 50; lease; all full.' Call 407 Taylor st.
! A BRANCH office of The. Till for : the : recep-
- tlon of advertisements and subscriptions 'has
been • opened ' at * 1008 : Market * at, :•; opposite
Fifth.- O_en until >. 11 p. m. '¦¦-_¦
H. C. DECKER. Phone John 531
00G MARKET ST., COR STOCKTON.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES,
Hotels. Flats and Private Homes.
His success In selling houses over 2S years
in San Francisco Is a guarantee of his fair
ilrallnc He guarantees title and .sells the
bargains to hi* customers. Seo him.
11 rooms; Mason; new furniture ...$ 300
60 rooms; Market St.; only 2500
8 rooms; McAllister *t.;»fl_t 450
Sfif rooms; down town; reduced to 1100
9 rooms; fine piano; on Sutter st 4C0
Decker's Special Bargains Not Advertised.
- 0 to 460 rooms; prices $50 to $40,000.
H^.C. DECKER. 900 Market et., cor. Stockton.
110-ROOM HOTEL and ROOMING-HOUSE.
All Modern Improvements.
Clears $430 Over All Expenses.
Small amount cash, balance as you make It
out of the profits of the house; price reduced
to J85C0 from $12,000. DECKER has this bar-
gain. Office 9C« Market st. :; Y
16-ROOM NEW. MODERN HOUSE.
. Elegant Furniture.
Cost $2000 to Furnish.
Reduced to $1200: only $500 caah.
SEE DECKER. 90C MARKET ST.
22-ROOM house: fine corner.
- Rent Only. $50.
Clears $110; price $70O. worth $1200. For
sale by H.C. DECKER. 008 Market st.
EXCHANGE for rooming-house — Fruit ranch!
fine place. See DECKER. 906 Market st.
,y_AT of 10 rooms and bath; new. elegant fur-
niture; -cost $1600; must sell; offer wanted.
Bee DECKER. 006 Market st.
S~~BI~~rAIiI3-I.
W G KEEpAN holds a test seanc* every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Etxth st.
CRINDLE'S seance for full forms Friday and
Sunday evenings. 323 Ellis st.
C V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seane*
"to-nirht. 8 o'clock, 60c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. WATBORN, medium; readings this week
25c, 50c: dr. Mon.. Frl., 8 p. m. 1235 Market
C. MAYO STEERS ipsychlc readings by mail $1.
3568 l"th St.. San Francisco; tel. Capp 856.
CLAI — VOYAHTS.
A Phenomenal $5 Kental Reading for $_' .
The great — ELLSMERE — Ell3mero— The
great Ezyptlan -2er. palmist, medium: the
greatest clairvojant in the world: tells your
" ' name wl»at 'you called for. whom and when
you will warn', about business, etc. ; KUs-
riere Is different : from ether clairvoyants
because he does what they ' claim to Co;
things that are beyond ordinary understand-
ing, thines that seem . Impossible; he gives
you Information, rslief. succecs. .satisfaction,
power ana control of »nv character affecting
any one or anything past, present or future:
he tells you just what you may expect and
what * to do for your best Interests in any
matter; he awakens a natural force within
and around you, giving you a secret power to
remove t be cause of any trouble, .Influence,
unhapptness. disease, poverty, failure or bad i
luck that surrounds you; he opens up a way
for success and happiness you desire; a power
to t eeivily chan_e the thoushts, actions,
habits or Intentions of any one. even miles
awav ; remember there is no guesswork when
' you consult him ; If , affairs of the heart or
emotions of love interest yfu. he gives exact
and truthful advice on all love affair* ; he
advices you how to settle lovers* quarrels
and enables you to win the, esteem and love
ot any one you desire.
S offices. 10O7% Market street. 3 offices.
Open Sunday, evtry day. 10 to 8. Mail. $2.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant -and business medium,' perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.;' she reads your life correctly, gives an
; accurate description of the past. .¦ reveals the
present • happenings and portrays events -to
. occur in . the future; If you are in trouble
" discontented or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or bustness troubles,- con-
sult this treat medium and you will be told
' how to . overcome ¦ them ; , valuable . advice In
all affairs of 'life;* 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; open Sundays." Tel. Black 45TO.
-ODOING-HOUSES POB _— !¦».
A — CAMERON _ CCX, Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
108 rooms; rent omy ;$5 50 per room: long
lease, up to date, downtown, modern house;
electric lights, . bells and elevator; all light
rooms, well furnished throughout; chance of
lifetime to get first-class house that is clearing
$350 to (450 at bargain; owner. obliged to leave
for Europe to settle an estate; make offer; ex-
clusively with us.
2C rooms, new and elegantly furnished, on
Sutter;. paying- a handsome profit on invest-
ment; call for particulars. ¦ . ¦• "\'---;j
32 rooms; cheap rent; 2 years' lease; fin.
downtown location; 2 entrances; everything In
flrst-clas3 Condition; good _iurnltur« and car-
pets; clearing now $200 per month; If run tran-
sient can clear $300 to $350 per month; here is
best proposition In city.
7-room modern flat, close In, well furnished;
cost $600; a bargain if sold at once; $300.
€5 rooms; best downtown commercial house
in city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
land, Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
In California; must leave city.
21 rooms; cheap rent; very' central; good
furniture and carpets; clears $100 per month;
must leave city; make an offer.
12S rooms; cheap rent; long lease; first-class,
up-to-date downtown' house; .'well furnished;
clearing $500 to $C00 per month;- must sell on
account of other business; only with us.
* 60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly
furnished; close In; full first-class people;
clearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to
get an up-to-date house reasonable; sickness.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak .and mahogany; fine proposition;
eood lease. / .'v..
90- room, new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap-, rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; S years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish: this little gem at bar-
gain on account of sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
ing new over $200 per month; always full; best
buy in city;. account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, new modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent: fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In; full of nice people; bargain if taken
at once; dissolution of partnership. '¦¦
SO rooms; newly furnished throughout: B-
year lease;- downtown; fine respectable money-
maklng house; part down, balance reasonable
interest.
9-room flat; rent , only . $50; - water free; oak
furniture: good carpets; must sell by September
5; price $100. K&M^f
;-75 rooms; grand new building*:»*!egantly fur-
nished ; cheap rent ; 10 years: : lease ; close . In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance S
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms; central: 4-year Ie_s«: clears $103
over, all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartnient-hous« In city; call
for full . particulars ; only with us. : '• v .
- - 16 rooms ; rent $65 ;! good " furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
¦ 34 - rooms; cheap rent; / thoroughly renovated;
all In - fine shape; ' fine ' little I apartment-house;
clears $150; reduced to $2800.
-¦'¦ Large list of real estate, rooming-houses and
business tor exchange or trade always on hand.
¦ , CAMERON , & CO. ." 3 Eddy st; '
FOR" sale— LodKln* house. 32 ; rooms; south of
'.; and, near Market st:; rent 1 $95; clearing ;$S5.
¦ Box ti7a.- Call office. ; . -...¦: ': .- -
$550— LODGING -HOUSE of 8 rooms, well 'fur-
,. clshed. - at 143 Sixth , et. ; Call , 1 : to ; 6 p. m. y
A' WEEK'S news for 5 eent*--T_e Weekly CaU.
- 16 pact?, la wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
rpPF-2 PACK3GES FDFF-2 PACKAGES
Tlie Perfection of Purity
For the Table For the BatK For the Kitchen
Free to Want Advertisers ' in Next: Sunday's Caff
i^PB&s^a) TWO PACKAGES (SBf""™"™— ™^~|
Ip8§ SSSBili Of this new and scientifically , tits 3
|^^^^^--t^^^( ' prepared household necessity. Jflfl 1 1 > jl T^JT [ "F i
|JEF^ It is alsolutelQ chemically pure, it^^ng&r^ i
|||>J^NiN0^/|\ j it is superior to an. imported, salt. ,{j £] 1 \W^^^B^Sm\L If
I H No rooi-proiubt is more snsceptllle of I * j ( I! *({'< W/J^Mv B^ ) 1
f* rtT^4_ if\ iTiafiAn tllBTl Pfllt *. ¦ Ffe \ j«i X" "^¦** *V^ Is _"^"" W '* i """ f f*
No fool product carries more lurking ||||| 1 i^?^^^ti¥^^ i
s *'^ No fool product Is more important to
roBTHETABLB. life and ijool tiealt_ than salt, pob__-s_-_.
C. E WHITNEY & CO. San Francisco
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
I THESE PREMIUMS FREE WITH WANT ADS m I
BROUGHT TO OUR OFFICE THURSDAY, FRIDAY
AND SATURDAY FOR THE SUNDAY? CALL .: / : j
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD AND MARKET STS.
Open Until 12 l)'Clock Every Night in the Year
OAKLAND OFFICE..... 1O16 BROADWAYTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER^, 190l.
11
fcil:«j.NO. curt ij>rtc r.t Acv-rican woman, tamper- :
*t*. hon^fci. wants ii«rht ewwp'r.j? and wash*
in* li.v th* Jay: tin* laundress ch-erful |
wujtkcr; $1 2*« ana car tzic. lay t'curih st..
nret fligfct. room 24.
>"OS1TION »»n;-J a* goviinrss cr .n private
school or convent by ihoroush mu^k-lan; 14
iraiT" -c-x;>«-ririK-* t«achirs«: plan-j. elng!n«?.
Orraan and English brenches. literature.
n«x !t33c.CaH '-;fic«.
A BECP1XTA&-E )ra«JM >::ri wiyh.-s a situa-
tion t.» jisyitt with iisfct hou>t;wcrk in a
"sirsll :ami!y; waces $15 a month. Can ll*i (
).: ¦ • p:«e*; rw cat!* ans wired without car-
fare.
A OQMPCTEKT *l-'- wtttaM notit ion. $-'5 to
S30- v-at i-rf«T«H-**: Jn> i<^:al. tail llon-
daj- 11^ Wet-; Park si., near Misiica; take
Culr.ui car.
A STBOKO w-rcRC »ifhe* work washing on
M'tiday; half di»y Friday, sweeping and
dmlrnc Cal! Batorday evening or Sunday.
145 Twe^ftl; «•
AiiKHiCAN Wtfldw •rla_«« position to take
.S.jii'e Ct » restairnutt i~r hoU-1 cr rooming-
bOUM-: sf-od cix*. Call or adOrcss Winchester
Hold, rooir. CSS.
JAFAVEPE girl want* a- position to do plain j
¦cookir.r or henework in family. 1"46 Turk
«.; teJ. Pine 111C. 1
jLIlDri.E-AGKI* Gerraan weman wishes situs- }
ticn to do houwn-ork in private 'am- I
tin wages $10. A-Ort «¦ bcx 1247. Call.
•\VANTi:i>— 1?> lady cf mM.Il* age, assist as
r.ouifkTper: fiti«> *»!am5tre»» ; in nice family.
Xij% ICO. Call office.
LADT v.-ouid like p<>Eiiion mr nurse for one or
two chlMren: willing to travel. Call or ad-
4rerr 60S* Poet «t.
ET young colored woman, cweeping or clean-
ing; by flay or hoar. Call cr addrei* 16
Stockton rlace.
YOVNG laiy wishe* to coach children cr
adults in primary sinJ grammar rtudle*. Ad-
drPFSMISS A.. I.. 1022 Sanchez st.
WOMAN •nisfces to assiPt in restaurant or •
boarding-house. Call at 7 Ealdwtn Court, off
FtUsOBI St.. near First.
A TOl'XG woman smsta position as working
m hotel: wages $25; wculd go to
country; experience; ref*. Bcx °44. .CalU
WOMAN war.ts wcrk by the day: washlr* or
hcusecieanins: *1 M and car fare. MRS.
OSGC D. 115 Hayes st.
EITUATION to make buttonhclee. 545 Lib-
erty *t.
Wanted — By B_M)»-aced lady, position a«
housekeeper. 1605 Fultcn Ft., near Lycn.
WASTED — F*w ia.rr.iV.es' washing to take
hrrr.e. Card or irqulr» 2WS» Baker «t.
SWEDISH girl winr.es gener*! housework;
wiges $15. 2S86 Er>-aat st., near 224.
A TOl'NG 1e<!>- wants a petition in some of-
fire: inexperienced. Box 12S9. Call offlce.
Al >V KKllfcKUKNlX subsrrirtions received at
Cell branch effiee, cor.Duncan and Church «ts.
WANT e-lf end sub«cripticns ts.k»-n for The
»l T.ncn'r l?aiaar. Ct-t McAllister ft.
__CP_OT__:irT -WrAZTTED — M___.
3IAN arid wlf<>. German, with best rcfrrences.
«-er.t position en cattle rn-eh; good m'.'.ker*
end buuerisakere. OTTO tIEBEL, 144 South
Park.
YOUNG man. 2*> y^ar* old, will give $50 to
any m» at^sistine him to gt-t rteaJy cmploy-
n;ert at .air ware*: ci^rica! work preferred;
good rererences; confiflT.tial. Box 1460, Call.
STEAIjY. roIlEble young man. 2!>. expert boolc-
k'*p*-r. d'-sir*-* place r? bookkeeper cr assist..
w::h chance of advancement: first-c-ass refer-
er.cet: wages low to begin. Box 1415. Call.
SCANDINAVIAN, cieadr, jsoiwr man. wants
work cr any kird; can milk, care for hor*«?»;
no experience In gard»n work; city or coun-
try- Brx 14<3, CaJ! office.
FIRST-CLASS larber wants situation In the
country. Box 1<>47. Call.
GRADUATE ma«*ar wantr patients or steady
p-titJcr.. A<lir»>ss Box 14rA Ctli office.
BOOKKEEPER — To'-jug man. thorough ae-
co-r.tant. exprrienixd in handling credit*
end «trre«pcn(Ji*n!-e. undrn-tandF latest meth-
od*. de«— ¦* situation where ! come executive
ability Is ?s«rntl_; <-xo»i:ent reference*; *al-
sry moderate. Box 1107. Call rfflce.
AT7EMUXT or nurse, want* ponitlon: any
kind ; *;2lu years' «pfrttnce mental caj=e*;
pradjatf trpirilnc school; first-class English
"tnd American rcfert-ncef; used to travel.
}j-x ;»".41, Call cTficg.
TOUNG <iraugh»«nas. rrsduate from Germany.
with two ytars' • experience in fhopn and two
Jeers' offlce work In New York «le«lr*e
like position !n San Francisco. Addreft F.
LAZARUS. 2i« Lenox eve.. New Yoric City.
YOUNG Italian, well educated, srjr.d knowl-
tclce of English. Frerch and Italian corre-
ependence. tias been In business In Canada
end nnsiand. der:re« nituaticn in any
capacity . security given. Box 1457. Call.
YOUNG raai, 20 year* old, knowledge of G«r-
rran. Frci ch. —cgUsb, 4 years' experience
firet-clar* hotels, wants offlce position Iu
hotel. Adlrees M. J. DUTTBERND. 102S
Jackson ct.
MIDDLE-AGED man with several years' ex-
perience a* collector and salesman In al!
branches cf Installment business want* a
steady Job; can rive best of referf-nce and
bend If secesgarr. Address box 1236, Call.
A GERMAN. mi<J3!e-aged and tingle, wishes a
situation a* clerk In grocery -store and bar-
room; f.r«t-cla«w rcJerenoe*. W. BOHLING,
417 Kearnr et.
WANTED — Situation, by an engineer end ma-
chinist, with S jeers' experience: also un-
cerstands electrical peneratore, motor*, ice
rrfikir.g. firing with oil. Box 1245, Call.
BTEADT. reliable young tnan. 29, expert, book-
ke*per.desires place as bookkeeper or assist.,
with chance of advancement; first-class refer-
ence*; ware* low to berin. Box 1445. Call.
NURSE f»a?*). graduate training school,
»i*he* ca_i *ny kind: firet-clas* American
_sd EnellsJj refTenc**: thoroughly under-
stands wcrk; u*ed to travel. Bcx 1230, Call.
COMPETENT man having year* of experience
wast* Dositicn as manager of rrocery or
¦would «eU Fiieciaities in city or State. Box
1229. Cal' office.
YOUNG man. hard worker, wishes position as
< assistant In land «ar»eying, topographical
sketching, etc.; any locality; g->od draughts-
man; excellent reference*. Box 1386. Call.
BOOKKEEPER end ea*hier. German (38)
temperate, 12 years' experience in offlce
work: reference* and bond; country pre-
ferred. Bcx 104S. Call offlce.
WATCHMAN, married man, aged 25. desires
a steady position: first -class references. Ad-
dr*« bcx 1C37, Call offlce.
A YOUNG, strong man. speak* Carman. Bo-
fcemian. PolUb and CngHsh. wants position
t at work in city. Box 1C44. Ca» office.
WANTED, by midils-aged man. position as
clerk or bartonder In country hotel; be*t of
rfcfcr*nco>. Bcx 1642. Cair«£flce.
CARPENTER "non-union), can plan building.
— snte — ork; will go to country. Box 1628,
Call office.
RELIABLE steady, rn^hrr man wants position
m <!ay cr nignt watchman; dty or country.
tw3 Eacrsraer.to rt.. Overland Uouce.
A TOVNG ir.an. rood references, wlshe* a situ-
etion b* bartender In city or country town.
B-x 2200. Call offlce.
ENGINEER, steam; can make all .repair*:
have good toe:*; Al reference* a* to ability,
eobrtcty. etc. ACdref* 5., 1C29 Eufh »t.
njtsT-* :LAES all around man wish»« position
by c«y 01 week tr houre end window clean-
»t. .\<j£rf%t box 21a;, call office.
A FIR5T-CLASS. independent, llcenned plumber
*"* a: » work by the rtay or week; has all nee-
**»*ry *nop tocls. Bcx 1240. Call • office.
ACCOUNTANT, t!x yw» in •:h*rge; e*pecianr
recotr.mtr.3tfi fcr accuracy and honesty; $60
- *- ta - Or!tn *° gt:lrt wlth - Box »7S. Call office.
GERMAN. 2s veare. until now <n Hamburg *x.
£rtn. itli** raiary moderate.
WANTED— Situation by experienced collector-
b«t rr.crc.ae** given and bend If ntcfszry'.
A caret* box 10:5. Ca!: orflce. Oakland. .
A fc'TKA_T. *:ber G-rmiin (Ilzhwafber mi£he*
pceitirn. Piease call CSS Folaom »t.
'^Vd £ i Cook * iBhe * • t)«iuon! TOM
COi,, 1110 Stockton st.
BOY wants a position as errand boy. 3 ghlp-
tl o»n r «^w A pcs!^ ca " s ~*itrV- nox loci.
glTUATIQN irante-i nr first -rlasy satetmtn- Al
relerfrice*. Dox loco, Call office. -
BOY want* Job a* a caeh~bo>\ »ll*L Filbert
¦ »treet.~ -
B^T_Sr! U M t0 £ 'h e ot r weir e t HaaU *««»-,
HELP WAKTED— r__CAI.E— Con.
AT NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Cloak and suit saleslady, $15 per week.
Retoucher; fc'acramento, $12 per week.
Bcokkeeper. $;$5 per month to start.
Skirtm8.K*T*. $10 per week.
Notion saleslady, experienced, $S per week..
Photo printer, experienced, $20 per week.
Bookkeeper, experienced, $50.,;
Many domestic positions open; call at office.
50» Hearst building.
A— WANTED— Girls to . learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taucht from A to Z
In 2" wp'ks; tuition $5 .to- those entering now;
three position* to fill immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10* per week up; leading:
school in West. 233 Geary su, room 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches • hftlrdreaslng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hour*'
practice a day; guarantee positions; only
rercRniied college of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 1S3 Powell st.
A — GIRLS to learn mll'inery now for fall P9a-
son; both **.-:*-. ns tausht from start to finish
In one month for $15: positions as trimmers.,
»al«--s!adies.-tc. guarantor! at $10 per wk. u;i;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st..r. 13.
GOOD girl to do general housework and cook-
iiig; »20. 2967 California at., 10 to 1. '
WET nurse wanted. Apply DR. LEWITT,
uOO Van Ness ave., between . 1 and 3.-
WANTED — A girl fqr country; housework and
cooking; good wages. Apply 1409 Webster.
"WANTED — Girl to assist In cooking and light
housework. 1447 Buchanan st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted; good pay.
l (i31-Clay at.
GOOD cook; private family; $35. 176 Belve-
dere st.. bet. Fredk * Waller. Cole & Clayton
FIRST-CLASS milliner; good position. Box
104«, Call offlce.
WANTED — First-class jacket and skirt alter-
ation hands Apply between V and 11 a. m.
at HALE BllOS. ¦
WANTED — A Scandinavian girl for general
housework In small boardicg-house; no cook-
Ing; wages $23. 1CS Berry st.
WE want waist hands and apprentices; satis-
factory wages and regular employment.
Sentinel Manufacturing Co., 112 First at.
GOOD German woman for housework; sleep
borne. MRS. GUILLIUM, 827 Montgomery.
APPRENTICES and first-class makers wanted
In millinery store. 602 McAllister st.
MIDDLE-AGED' woman to represent local firm;
free to leave dty. Box 1456, Call offlce.
SWEDISH or Danish girl for general housa-
1 work and cooking. $25. Apply 2432 Jackson st.
APPRENTicES^-Who^esaTe millinery. HOLM
_ NATHAN. C12 Market st.
help wakted— male.
at national "Employes' record" co.
. Elevator boy, J25 per month and room.
Gas fixture hanger, union wages. -.-
Two upholsterers, $3 50 per day.
Window dre*ser, . country store.
Stenographer and bookkeeper, $15 per week.
Coffee and tea salesman. $45 month and
commission.
Candy helper, $7 per week.
Watchmaker. <2), El Paso, Tex.. $18 week.
Watchmaker and optician. $25 week.
Porter, hotel, -$15 month and found.
Fancy goods manager, $100 month and up-
ward. .
Gents' furnishing goods salesman, $15 week
and upward.
N» placer miners, Alaska, $30 earned per day.
Good boys wanted daily, $4 to $6.
Call at office or write regarding above and
other positions.
5C9 Hearst Bldg.
DAIRY foreman. $50 and found; screw turner,
sawmill, $50 and found; experienced man for
furniture store. $75 month: 4 carpenters. $4
day; miner. $3 day; 4 laborers for mine, $2 50
day; teamstT for mining company, $2 50 day;
butcher's helper. $.'50 and found; horseshoers.
. $3 and $3 o0 day: blacksmith helper, $35. and
found; farmers, $30 and found; farmer and
wife. $50 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 028 Sacramento st.
BUTLER. «mall family. $30 and found; cook
and wife, country, $C0 and fGund; cook, email
institution, $35 and found: fry cook. $14
week: waiters, $30 and $45; dishwashers,
porters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
t£8 Sacramento' *t.
WANTED — American salesman for clothing
and furnishing goods department for country
store; $20 a week. See J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. V2S Sacramanto at.
, ¦ AT HORD _ SMITH'S,
- " Contractors' Agents. 95 Third st.
Plasterer, city, $4 or contract.
Harness-maker, camp, *2 and found.
Young man around restaurant, $3 week,
meals.
Baker's helper, $6 and meals.
Nurse, mental case, $35 and found.
5 two-horse teamsters. $2; 3 scraper loaders,
S2 25; fare 25c, board $3; no discount; com-
pany work; long job. . •¦ :• ¦•
Laur.drymen. all kinds, $20 to $35 and found.
Laborers and teamsters, $2, Amador Co., no
fee and fare refunded.
Laborers and teamster* all over State.
Victor Gahegan, blacksmith, please call.
A-PACIFIC CONTRACTORS' EMP. AGCT..
635 Washington st. Phone James 3301.
- 4 laborers, placer mine, cheap fare, $2 75
day; 3 ranch hands, SI dayi 15 laborers,
quarry work, $60, 10c fare: 10 laborers. Butte
County, $2 25 day; 15 teamsters, $2 25 day,
new work; 20 teamsters, Chicb, boss -here,
JOT SO, fare refunded SO days; cook, restau-
rant, 10c fare. £S0; 3rd cook, city, $35;
buggy washer, $a0. L. H. CUTTING & CO.
AT INDEPENDENT OFFICE.
C12 Merchant st. * "¦'
. Wanted — 10 miners, gold quartz mine.
7 10 laborers in city, long job, board in hotel,
call early.
Stable men. $00 to $75 per month.
GOVERNMENT WORK — LOW FARE. !
DrilUrs,- concrete men, laborers, teamsters,
$90 to $75 per month.
Skilled mining and mechanical help to regis-
ter — trr.e — at this offlce.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 Commercial. S. F., near Kearny.
PHONE BUSH S33. JOHN L. DRECHSLER.
Carpenters. 6 more carpenters, large com-
pany, steady work, fine board and accom- 1
medations, $30 fd. ; butcher's helper, ranch, !
$30 fd.: 3 wood choppers, Mariposa Co. mine. :
$2 cord: cook, mine boss here; 100 laborers,
all over. Nevada— we ship to-day — Nevada.;
EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.,
' 419 KEARNY ST.. PHONE BLACK 244ft.
Al stenographer, muBt speak Spanish, $100 mo.
Salesman for dental Eu?i>ly house.' ?75 mo.
Young man, 16. to learn business, $6 per wk.
Two»sood errand boys. $4 and $5. ,
Salesman for household goods. $50 per mo.
BROWER A- CROSBY.
WANTED — First-class crockery packer. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — FIrst-claes domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
" dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' ¦
.VANTED — Experienced floor manager; must
be l&mlllar with the dry goods business. Ap-
ply between 3 and U a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class dress goods salesman.
Apply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' « - ;
CLOTHING salesman wanted. Apply 8. N.
,WOOD CO.. .
FIRST-CLASS cutter' of good ' appearance;
steady position to right party. Apply S, N.
WOOD fc CO.. 740 Market st.
AN Al clerk, with exclusive clothing and
furnishing goods experience: $20 week: coun-
try position. Apply to REDLICK BROS..
118 Bush St., 9 to 11:30 a. m. -
BOYS wanted — Bright, clean boys for cash and
other positions. Apply superintendent's of-
fice. The Emporium. ¦'-• '<¦ « . '
BOY wanted to work In store and run errands:
-steady cmoloyment. MARKS - BROS., • 106
Sixth st. .--¦ - ; ¦
A GOOD canvasser for Oakland for new propo-
sition. Call from 3 to 6 . p. : m. at 415
Eleventh St., Oakland.
BARBER wanted. 6 Market-' St.' , |
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 411
Devigadero at.t ¦ \
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday : at r 6C5
Fourteenth st.. - Oakland.
SMART boy wanted for office. Box'ISOS, Call
office.
EXPERIENCED teacher (gent.), grammar .dpt
pri. school. McNeill ; Tchr" s Agcy, Flood bid.
3 EXPERIENCED - canvassers wanted; . good
paying . preposition. Box 231?; Call office.;
CANDY-MAKERS * wanted. ' Apply at F. H
• Brunlng's; 621 Seventh st., » Oakland.
GOOD shoemaker on ¦ repairing; * steady J work.
: 2*01' Mission; st."; corner Twenty- fourth.-" ;;;
WANTED— Man for stockroom;: must be used
to heavy work.' Box 1S16, Call office.: <
OF LESLIE STERILIZED SALT TO WANT AD PATRONS-FREE
_HEIiF WAWTEp— MAjyC— COT^.ianed^
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 3d et., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 405.
Sawmill — «hip to-day — sawmill.
5 mill hands. ..$30 to $63 and board
5 lumber pliers. ; $35 and f d
30 laborers..... $20 and board
2 house carpenters, near city .' $4 day
4 laborers; quarry $2 25 a day
4 teamsters: city ....$2 25 a day
3 carpenters, near city. $4 a day.
» laborers, city job, $2 a day.
Plasterer. $5 a day.
Plasterers to take contract.
] Milker, §35 a month.
TWO GENTLEMEN TO ACT AS SUB-
MANAGERS FOR THE PACIFIC MUTUAL
.'LIFE: CONFIDENTIAL INTERVIEWS
; GIVEN. DEPARTMENT STATE SUPER-
t 1NTENDENT. ROOMS 31 AND 32. 7TH
FLOOR. 60S MONTGOMERY ST.; CALL.
MORNINGS.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third et. : 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — 2 sober, industrious young barbers;
$25 per menth. with board, room, clothing
and doctor. Addrers box 22, Presidio, Cal.
WANTED — First-class operators preesers and
finishers; good wages. M. SIMINOFF. 1228
Market st.
WANTED at once — Barber: must be first class;
- wages $1«. GRANT PERSING, St. He-
lena, Cal.
OFFICE assistant; young man of good char-
acter; must write well and be expert at fig-
ures. Address box 124ti. Call offlce. -
FOR sale — Barber shop and baths; clearing
$35 to $40 a week; In town of 1S00 popula-
tion. Address box 2170, Call offlce.
MACHINIST for overall and shirt factory:
must t understand sewing machinery. Box
1446, Call offlce.
TWO young men to learn the barber. trade; a
good chance. For particulars call at 751
Mission st.
EXPERIENCED salesman for boys' clothing
wanted. Apply superintendent's office The
Emporium.
MEN and women learn the barber trade: wages
paid while learning. HEIGHT'S. 617 Com-
mercial st. . . .
WANTED — Sash and door maker.- Pacific
Planing Mills, Berry St., near Sixth.
WAN-TED — Three salesmen; experience not a
. necessity. Box 21S0. Call offlce.
TWO boys 16 years old to learn boat building;
" one dumb boy preferred. 618 Third st.
BOY wanted in fruit store. 1533 Point Lobe*
avenue.
BOOTBLACK In barber shop at 1062 Me-
AUister st.
WANTED — Man to do janitor work for his
tuition In S.F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILORS.and ordinary seamen for all parts cf
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
FOR sale — 2-chalr • barber shop and 2 house-
. keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offlce.
MEN wanted at 137 3d Et., where shoes are re-
paired by machinery ;sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c
LABOR debts -collected: suits, attachments.
'Law and Adjustment Co.; 328 Montgy.,r.415*
SAILORS and ycung men (green hande) for
. ships. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson st.
PENSION Atty., E.A/Bullls.r^O.Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage, to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for .The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce.cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
GET your shoe* half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 5c; Mlsion *t.. bet. 1st and 2d «ta.
SOLICITORS WASTES. . .
EXPERIENCED canvassers. $6 to $9 day. 1114
Washington st., Oakland, r. 3, 10 to 12 a, m.
EXPERIENCED' canvassers, $6 to $3 day. 1114
Washington st., - Oakland, r. 3, 10 to 12 a.m.
'$ KOBSE8 A?P^.'^t5PJ??.V :,_^_^,_
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
FOR kale — 2 horses; cheap. Call at 1130
Potrero av«.
WANTED— A busines* buggj. Box 924. Calt
office.
FCR sale — 15 fine surreys for cost price. "1503
Fo!6Om st. ••
ALL kinds of business wagons and buggies for
sale cheap. 1504-6 Fclsom St.
FOR sale — Hcrse. liEht wagon, harness. 44
Beaver ft.
AUCTION sal* of horses, wagens and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
- ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send^foTclr^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
TO let— House of 10 room* on California st. ;
rent $40. Inquire at N. W. cor. Mission
, and Tenth. Cal. Housewrecking Co.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United State* or Canada one year for $1.
houses to ii-T—grmin?as!D
.TO sublet. 8-room apartment, completely fur-
nished. S menth*. Apply the Empire. Bush
and Leevenworth sts.
HOWARD, 2130, near Eighteenth — 8 rooms and
bath; 1 to < am.
gOPSSS rTTEyiSH— iS— -FOB 8A__.
FOR sale — 15-room houxe. neatly furnished:
will sell reasonable.: Call at 815 Geary st.
A .-WELL-FURNISHED houw of 0 rooms; all
gunny, rent ?27 50. 41rt Minna st.
% • COTTAGES TO IiET.
MOTJER>! cottase; 6 rooms and bath: base-
ment; ?30. 2925 Webster St.. near Union.
rjT7ALIS CHAIBS. '
SOLD, rented, .exchanged; manufacturers of
Eamcs tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt.; tel.Park 775.
-QST ASP rOTTHP.
LOST — September 15, roll of greenbacks
amounting to $'1CO. bstwesn Nevada Bank
nnd Sherman '_ Clay's. : A. VERKS. ?J
Eddy. St.; reward.
LOST— White bull terrier with, black 3ots on
lids, bruise en back of neck, big leather col-
.lar. v.'ith round' brass heads. Return to 41
Kday *i. and -receive liberal reward.
LOST— Gold fob and locket betwren S.' F.
and Oakland: Initials O. G. N. Reward for
¦Information or return to 461 Eleventh St.,
Oakland. . ,
LOST — Pocketbook. ; Sunday night, containing
¦papers with name "Chas. Rule": return to
AL HOAG. drugstore, corner New Montgom-
. ery and Market sts.. and get $10 reward.
LOST — All -of otfr competitors; 'reduction In
prices and quality of Btock did It. SHIBELEY
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter rt.. phone Grant
197; 120t Suuer «.. phone East 817.
LOST— -Knight Templar emblem. Return to F.
FITZGERALD. Benlcia. Cal.: $5 reward.
LAUITCEES 7OS EIEE.
C. A: McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
- st. ; for pleasure and business; teL Bush 554.
J. Mlchaelis. Launch Co^.Unlon-st. Wharf; boat-
"lnfe & excursions. 5 Steuart st. ;tel. John 2CS6.
:;' - \>'- ;^>j.;- ¦;' : _M--XCA—. _¦_';¦-¦¦ '¦ ¦' ¦¦-.
LADIES - desiring * safe, sure and quick relief
.from i Irregularities consult: me;- my method*
are painless and reliable: no failures; no ex-
. .'-' orbttant fees , CONSULTATION AND AD-
¦o.VICE.FREE: 17/ year*' - experience In all fe«
male disorders; call or write. DR. - WHITE.
'702 Market St., room* 7 and 8. ; . /
LADIES — If you are In. trouble,' confide In me.
-¦ Relief for , irregularities. ; " Help ¦ for the ; nn-
'¦:.• fortunate.'-: My. time Is devoted exclusively to
• these conditions. ¦ I'm. the only GRADUATE
", physician, here - who can say .this. > .Call ".or
.'•". write. Confidential. Est;: 14 year*/ DR. R.
iH.WESTON. office 305 KEARNY; ST. -
MRs7^DR~W ; Y_TH. FpeciaU*t '. for; all "female
¦ complaints and Irregularities ; Instant relief
':' guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 626 Post st.
MRS* DR. KOHL.' reliable specialist for all fe-
'r. ' male - troubles and - Irregularities; > instant re- .
lief guaranteed.^ lOOS^ Market St., opp. 5th. ;
M-DICA-— Co-tinned.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate Helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce 101S Market st. J '
MRS. BERNARD, 17 Fourth St.. room 9. pos-
itively cures rheumatism: magnetic vapcr 4
steam baths. Office hours 10 a.jn. to 7 p. m.
LA61ES, call at~MRS. BROWN'S for medical
advice. 1279 Union st: 3-2. - '
DR. and MRS/ DA\TES~and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER, S11A Leavenworth St.. be-
. tween Geary and O'FarrelL -
LADIES — Kumround: eafe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny — Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom *«t-. corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; C10.
MISCE-I.AN EOTJS — FOB SA-X. .
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought,- *o!d.
rentpd and exchanged; »ee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale rt.
BOILERS engines. 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
' FOR tale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables; easy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of buying: modern bar fixtures;
cheap prices. BRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. 652 Mission »t.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite. in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roof*.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are going ta move
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid moving
stock, will sell at big cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. .WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. j
BOOKS — 30 vols. Scientific American complete; I
15 vol3. bound; also 30 vols. Encyclopedia I
Britannica; make offer. Box 1450. Call office.
X)IAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly* payment*. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery St.. room 12. , upstairs. -
J. COOPER, gent*' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton at.,
upstairs.
TRY our. men's shoes at $1 and 41 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
GROCERY store fixtures and 21-foot bar;
cheap. 217 Mason st.
FOR sale — Spring wagon; almost new. 853
Howard, st.
GENUINE water spaniel pups for s&le: 428
Natoma st. CHARLES COLEMAN; upstairs.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door. *ash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Mkt.
A FINE lorgnette chain, with 12 diamond*; a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
ROOMS papered; $4 up; - tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Tbird;teI.Maln 413.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
BEAUTIFUL 1-karat diamond ring $SO; worth
$100. GARIN, 13S Montgomery st.
FOR sale — Flrst-c!ass new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C. O'DONNELL. 1021 4 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1328 Market at.
MOVING pictures, maxitf lanterns, 8 ale. rental;
bargains. Bullard _ Breck. 131 Post at.
SOME gocd 2d-hand gasoline engine*. 1 to 12
h. p.. cheap E. B. BECK _ CO.. 122 Mkt.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 3O7 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCE__AN_OTTS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress salts, etc.; send
postal card. LICHTEN3TEIN BROS.. 23
Stockton st.
"WANTED — A second-hand gas engine: In good
cendition; about 2^ horsepower; price must
be low. Address box 1415, this offlce.
A - BIG price for ladles' and ' gents' castoff
clothing. 922 Folsom st- Tel. Folsom 3522.
FOR exchange — A good Singer sewing machine
for a trunk. Box 1452, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-band clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
HIGHEST prices for ladies'.genf* castoff cloth-
ing, etc. Tel. Davis 825; 650 Sacramento st.
uxoxnnr to _oa».
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
- - 601-602-603 Examiner building.
. . Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
t-sts. assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
teract* in property purchased.
Courteous ueatmont. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money, -.-\
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
I A reasonable on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars -
of property or chattels.
Box 48O. Call Office. '.
PRIVATE — Money, loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal Loan Co., 626 Parrott bdg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
" Hy or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one: confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get term*. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
A— ON rurniture or piano* at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances en diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per- cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S4tt Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments: large business In 48
principal 'cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, »07 Market st.
LOANS FROM 51 TO $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no ccmnilRslon : no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 28 Montgomery St.. rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stone* bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
just on their note; easy payments. 500 Rial-
t3 bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY< loaned on salaries." chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co.. 21 Stockton '. *t. ,
TO salaried people wlthqut security; on furni-
ture, 'ndorsed note* and other security. » S.
F. Discount Agency. 1*3 Phelan bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
DON'T borrow 'money on salary, until you see'
us. Hutton Crf dlt Co.. 9C0 Mutual Bank bldg.
•ON'real" estate ar.tl chattels. E. W. LICK,
1C03 Mutual Sav. Bank bldg.. 708 Market »t.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 5 F. Collatera 1 Loan Bank, S3S Kearny
3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no com. , V. TREMAIN; room 81, 8 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. BOO Examiner building.
_ MTJSTICAX _~~|~y_*^ll ** " " *^.
HPAnoUARTEBS for renting planes— Little
pianos for small rooms, medium size for
«»rjj»j;e rooms. i>.g pianos tcr large parlors,
halls. • etc. ; pianos for rent at $1 per month,
some at $2. a large number of good ones at
. $2 50 per mo. ; our own make piano* at $3
per mo. (the best Instrument offered for the
money In S. F.): a fine line of elegant large
pianos for $4 and $5 per mo. ; over ISO in-
struments to ¦ select from, ' all of them good
bargains to buy as -well as rent: one year's
rental allowed off porchas* price. SCOTT-'
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560-64 Hayes st.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS— Easy Rayment?.
Erard, small upright for practice.......; $40
Woodworth and Allovon/ splendid order.. 65
Ntuman.. mahogany case, a bargain..*. .125
Sherman. Clay _ Co.. good crder. ....... 155
Grovesteen _ Fuller, splendid order. . ... 11$
¦_' BEN J. CURTAZ - - SON. 16 CFarrell uu-
> Talking 'machines,' guitars, etc ; easy payment*; ,
1 . ' month's piano rent ' free. ' Bruenn, 223 Sutter. ,
jrcrsiCAlJIgSTBUar— NTS — Contt-naecl.
PIANOS AT Al'nTION 'aPTaiiT'MI.— ton st—
Having cor.ciuil^a ti> clcs«- this bwinei* Trithln
thirty days, we offer forty pianos at prices
ranging from «117 to *225. These pianos are
alt Prst-clasa instruments, regularly *oM,for
*2iH) to $:;C0 each. Conditions of the sale are
10 p-r cent of purchase rrlce 'iown and ba!--
nnce In InatallmentM of S«i to $ti>. pian<» r»-
mainins on h?.nd October 15 will b«> »olJ at
auction tr> th« hishest bi<t.5er. The sa> begins
('% Sntftrrtaj'. ssept'-mber 17. Don't forget the
place, 1919 Mission st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms lowest prices »nd greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes In uwd instnaments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-2n Geary st. : Oalc-
land. 1252 Broadway; lari:»3t exclusive ptano
house and rn!y manufacturers h»re.
A George Steck upright Krand: elegant ma-
hogany case; cheap. Hornung. 21S McAllister.
SECOND-HAND piano. $125. BACIGALUPI.
7*16 Mission st.
A PRIVATE party left Fischfr upright to be
•old: $1-^5. 2H7 Geary st.
A F*ISCHER upright piano for sale; as good e*
new; $1.>5. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3oS-S12 Post »t.
NEW upright pianos *ol<l on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1« McAllister st.
3- PEDAL Steinway up: CMckering baby strand;
Shonlnger. little usetl. KcefTe'9. _*5 >>'FarrPll.
UATT__3S_S <\1SCD "I—LOWS.
TO order; renovated. di.«lnfe«ted ffcrmaldehr<1»
process); ex-ellent enrpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS., 1432-34 Howard at. ; phcn«- South 218.
or ness ahd stobis to let.
HALF of store, 150x18: large show window;
good location on Market St.; old established
place; rear and front entrances. Box 21S1.
Call offlce.
AN elegant store for rent; suitable for barber
shop, tailor or haberdasher. Inquire at
Temple Bar Saloon. 70© Grant ave.
LOWER part of 423 Sutter *t.; suitable for
business purposes.
A — CALL and see our demonstrations, with one-
half of face treated: 1 suarantee to remove
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittings. etc;*
Restore lest contour.
If you desire a fresh, ycung face, call or
write. MME. GILLINGHAM. 131 Powell st.
DR ROWELL' S Fire of Life, a sure curf for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
sore throat, etc. Sold by ali druesista tor
over 20 years; price 50c. Manufactured solely
by ROWELL 4 BROWN, 32 Turk St.. ri. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves It* growth. *tops falUng, cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy c6..13aa Pollc-
WANTED — To kr.ow the address, etc.. of John
Lunnlng supposed to be at present in Saa
Francisco. Address GUST PFERSCHINCi.
Rural 2. P*taluma. CaL :
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.) speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 328 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
GOLDEN GATE DETECTIVE BUREAU. 75»
Market st.; phone Rsd 6*71; consultation
free; confidential.
A GUARANTEE! TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald heail. Call or write.
DR- G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suita.' overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market «t.
YOU can. buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and ?1 5» per we-k. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Pow ell.
EYES examined free. THOS. HOUSEWOKTH.
optician. l.V<4 Market at., rm. 207; e«t. 1851.
Superfluous hair removed ; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton, St59 S-jtter. Ml*s Eaton.^33 Geary.r.33.
SUPERFLUOUS hair — molrs removed by elec-
tric needle. LOIS A. GRAY. 117O Market »U
ELEGANT suits to order, »xtra pants or fancy
vests for S14 75. Fred Wagne?. 85O Market.
LADIES and gentlemen, yon will find best hal»
tonic in the world at 1ST0 Sutter at. ¦•
ELEGANT suit to order & 1 ex. pair pants. $13.
LEON LEMOS. 1127 l!kt. st.. bet. 7th * 8th.
MAGNIFICENT diamond ring, nearly 3 carats.
$250. GARIX, 13S Montgomery st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 SO: dress pants $2 TA.
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumos. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN' & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Eerptlan Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
A "WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The "Weekly Call.
If pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 n«r ~*ar.
P___CI3T_Y.
MSIE. EUGENIE, the Cheiro. rev»».l» facts
that will astonish yoa. portrays events, de-
acrlbes enemies: adrice given. 475 A TurU «t.
7KTSXCIAXS AKD SXTSO_O~S.
DR C~cT CTDONN ELL— Offlce and residence),
1021% Market *t.. bet 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to dl«ea»e» of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 Ja Market st. '
REMOVED— DR. WONO'HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason it., now lo-
cated at 667 Qeary it., near LeaTenworta.
"WONG "WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dis-
*aae» cored by Cnineae barbs. 746-8 Clay rt.
PAT— aTB. .
TXVENT1OX3 patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. e Hobart bldg.. B32 Market »t.
PTJB ,C~AST HO AQE — 'C— ES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence sotldt^
ed 8S6S 17th «t..San P xndsco. TeL Capp 88<L
FBOPOSAI— .
UNIVERSTTY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
Votice to Contractors. Builders and Material
Men — Notice is hereby given that sealed bida
are solicited for performing the labor and
furnishing the materials for the stairwork.
and also (this bid to be separat« from the
foregoing) for the roofing and sheet metal
work for California Hall, on the grounds of
the University of California, at Berkeley.
California, and said bids, on either one ' or
on both undertakings, will be received at the
offlce of the "Regents, Sout_ Hall. Berkeley.
at" or before 12 m. of September 24. ISO*.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder.
In favor of the Regents of the Cnhrenlty of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
" If said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract and gtve bond to
perform faithfully the duty and obligations ta
accordance with said bid and with the plans
and specifications which are hereby required
to be a "part of *uch contract. The right t»
reject any or all bids Is hereby reserved.
' By order of tie Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents.
V. H, HENDERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley:
¦Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men— Notice U hereby given that sealed bids
are solicited for performing the labor and
fun.l*hlng the materials for the fireproof
floors and roof and the framing for skylight
of California Hall, on the gi— and* ©*^tll«
University of California, at Berkeley. Cali-
fornia- and said bids will be received at the
offlce of the Regents. South Hall. Berkeley,
rt or before 5 D. m. of September 29. 1904.
No bids win be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bid-
der In favor of the Regents of the University
of California, equal to ten (10) per ewt_f
his bid wltb. sufficient sureties, conditioned
?hat If »a!d bid be accepted the bidder ~rlll
duly enter. Into proper contract and grre
bond to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
. llgations in accordance with said bid and
with the Plans and specifications which ar»
hereby required to be a part of «uch contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Bulldlnps of-th* Board of Regents.
V. H. HENDERSON. Aetlng Sec>etary.
_^ T — A — — '_ .
FOR lease-MTalifornla Schnetzen Club Park,
near San Rafael. California. Written bids for
the lease of California Schuetien Club Par*
for five year*, from December 2O.1304, will
be received up to October 1.1904. at the of-
flce of the »ecretary of the California
Schuetzen Club. Park and BuiMIng Associa-
tion O. A. Bremer. 820 Kearny «t.. Saa
Francisco. California. The form of lease
and each an-Jall the terms and condition*.
." except the amount of rent, may be **en at
the effiee of the secretary, and any Intending
)4xse« whose bid 1* acceptad wilt ..ave to
give • Eatisfactory security for tlie perform-
ance of tlie terms and conditions • of ; th*
l«a*e. The director* reserve the right to i*>
- ject any and all bids.
PHILO JACOBT. Preside**,
Q. A. BREMER. Secretary.
Continued on Page TwelY% \^.
E1~LOY_I KX WASTED— Kale — Con.
1 WOnK ivnnt*d. ct honTe; translation?, Ene-
llPli. It?l:»n. Fronrh. tipaniEh; ecrrespen-
dpni ¦-. «-ic. Bcx Hr.*s. Call office.
PLUM BET! wants icb. 14 Lilckle st.
: SHO1V caril ~rltcr wishes jiceition. Box 1002.
Call office.
] BOY wants position to l»arn plumber's trade.
.',44 .Tcrsic SI.
WANTED— Job as candy maker. RAY
PTRICKLEtt. C Mary Terrace, off Turk »U
; BAnBER wants position. Apply 1557 Mis-
sion st.
BOY wants a position in a wholesale houre:
reference*. Apply at 1320 Eddy st.
WANTED— Position es. drug clerk. EDDIE
SAMPTER. -JO O'Farrell «t.
GARDr.XER (German) wishes petition on pri-
ratc place. Box 1318, Call office.
BLANKBCOK forwarder wishes employment
nox 0*1. Call effiee.
SPANISH-AMERICAN veteran needs employ-
ment. 441 Geary St.. room 27.
YCUNG man wants light work. Address C. F..
115 V, Bu^h Ft.
! WANTED— A position a* a machinist. Apply
42 Tenth «t.
' HONEST, willing young man wants position as
porter and help tend bar. Bcx 1222. Call.
CHINESE cook wish?* position in city. 133
Waverly place, city.
GOOD Japanese bey. pentle and honest, wishes
position at housework; speaks English well.
YAMA. 21Cfl Fill-ore irt. .
A JAPANESE faithful boy desires a place a*
djihwafcher or any kind of work after 7 p.
xn. HENRY. 130.1 U Castro st.
JAPANESE couule wish positions In family;
man as cook, wife waiter: make themselves
generally useful; best references. Address
E. H.. 349'i >I!na st.
A. JAPANESE as schoolboy or waiting and
housework; family; references. K. I., 121
Haight st.
1 A ilELIABLE Jai>am se boy want! position a*
hcuseworker cr hein cock. H. S., 22 Pros-
pect r>iace.
A JAPANESE school bey wants oosltion In
small family; good cook. YAMAGUCHL 1304
Post St.; tel. Sutter 4132.
JAPANESE boy wants position as porter or
dishwasher, after 5:30 p. m. Address KU-
WABARA. 521 Duoont st.
JAPANESE — p.nt* positlcn as waiter at table
In family. HARRY S. SATO. . 1617 Geary
ft.; phone West 97.
AN honest Japanese boy wants place as
srh'ioiboy in rrcail family; stay long time.
K. K.. 1$O$ Polk st.
JAPANESE want* position to work after 6
o'clock. JAPANESE GEORGE, 422 Geary.
JAPANESE boy wants schoolboy position. 1/32
Flllmore st.
PI— .TS TO I.-T. •
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
tervle* absolutely free; take advantage of
tbl* department; It will save yon time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253
Gtary *&-• oa the square.
____
— .
GREEN. 2132. nr. Webster— Most elegant new
10-room upper flat, with attic: sun all day;
FUferb, unobstructed marine view; $70.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Cali
en LYON A HOAG. 116 Montromery st.
FLAT; 4 rooms: stable: rent $20. 1 Isis St.,
bet. 12th anri 13th. Fclsom and Harrison.
TWENTIETH. 3435. bet. Capp and Howard-
Flat of seven sunny rooms; bath; modern.
BUSH. VM4. below Gr.UKh, lower flat — $25- 7
v#ry larse rooms: no objection to children'.
EIGHTEENTH. 4T>S3 and 4393— 4 and 5 rooms-
rent $17 and $1S.
HOWARD. 293*— 6 rnomr and bath; . every
room Funny; rent $25; no children.
PACIFIC ave., 2405. near Fillmore— Flat of
6 roDms; sun in every room; large garden.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 39S3. nr. Noe— Fine sunny
upper flat. 6 r. and b.; car* pas* door; $20.
g-AT3 TO S_T — ra»HISH_D.
TO LET — Partly furnished middle flat of five
room* and bath: rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. 0. 70 Scuth
Park.
FURNISHED hcuse for sale, with store- low
rent; 156 First st.? for full information.
STOCKTON. 1732 — Flat of 7 well furnished
rooms and bath to rent; furniture for sale;
a bargain; owner leaving th* city. Call be-
tween I and 4 p. m.
FOR sale— Swell furnished flat it 5 roome and
bath; cheap. 190 Guerrero st.. 1H block*
from Market st. Call bet. 10 and 2.
FOR sale — Sunny furnished flat. 5 rooms and
bath. S2T0. 834. fl&t A. Howard et.
J25O— FLAT of 9 rooms. S52 Stanyan et., op-
poslte park; income ?20 clear of expenses.
FLAT of 5 rooms, just newly furnished; $173
if sold at onoe: sickness. 313 Kearny st.
ELEGANTLY furnished «-rcom modern flaf
thown from 11 to 1 dally. S24 Geary *t.
MCALLISTER. 13i3— Elegantly furnished 7-
rootn fiat. Apply mornings.
TXTB.SI IT V3.TJ FOB SA_E. . .
FURNITURE, stoves, bought, sold, exchanged
Barger. 4.T9 Valencia.nr.16th.Tel. Church 8*79.
H. MEYER & Co. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpet*, etc. 782 Mission :tel.Bu*h 813.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 50 down $1 50
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co., 340 Post *t.
~UB~ ITTJRE VAgTEP.
ABE LEVY~ --¦—•——--
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don'« s«]i your furniture, carpets, offlce fur-
niture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
EASTERN pecnle want second-hand furniture-
best price*. NAYLOR. 1217 Geary St.: phone
Larkln 1048. _^
' HELP WASTED — JEMALB.
3 COOKS. American famlHe»Trrr?7?7?T$30425
5 German style cooks $30-$;i3
Cook, 1« medical students $3«
Cook, email restaurant ,...*^O
Cook, private family. Ross Valley j£,o
Cook, 2 family, no washing, Eulsun $3«
Cook, umall institution i^O
Cook for Stanford University $30
Cook and second girl, same house.... $30-*S3
Parlormaid, country .$;!«>
Chambermaid and laundress, family. .!."!$2.".
6 waitresses, country hotels I23 ¦
4 waitresses for restaurants.. $7 and $S week
5 second girls, city $2O-$25
Kitchen helper for an institution . $2*»
Nurse, 2 children, call early.. . »a*>
4 nurse girls, city and country $15-$20-S '"•
Maid to lady, country ,. K5
Woman to work, bath house $10 week
4 starch Ironers, city and country..... . :
_••-• • $10-$13 week
Cleaning woman for Institution, sleep
home «•.•••••*•..»................,.. $25
2 women with children as housekeepers!! $13
2 chambermaids ». $15-$2t>
40 general housework girl*, city and country
$20-$23-$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter *t.
EMPLOYE?' REGISTER CO
219 KEARNY ST. PHONE BLACK 2448.
Good waitress, easy hours. $30 per month
Saleslady for underwear. $35 per month, i
Retoucher for photos, $45. J
Lady In attendance.
r EROWER & CROSBT.
MATRON for girls' institution, $23 and found. I
Matron for dining-room, fi'u and found.
Chambermaid, hotel, city. $20 and found.
Cook for six people. $20 and found.
CALIF. EMP. AGENCY. 14 3d: tel. Bush 403.
A— HELP of all nationalities to fill various po-
tltions. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell st.
ALTERATION hands wanted on ladles' skirts
and coats. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
WANTED — Hemstttchers. tuckers and finish,
trs on muslin wetr and ladies' ; waists.
MJlRKSJBROS^I^O Market *t.
WANTED-Ajood- maker at LEHMAN'S mil -
• lin»ry store. .1911 Mirelon *t.,- bet. . 15th
and ICth. •.;.-»'..- - . . .-
EXPF.RlIiNCED operator* on ladies' walking
»Wrt*. A. AARON. 579 Mission ft.
FIKST^CLARS waist, "skirt and coat hand*.
_ Apply to_J. BJIER. 1200 Geary et.
GIRLS for candy factory: experienced and ln^
experienced. Apply 224 Battery «.
1TEI»P WAWTEP-W* T.T«._^^Titlnnea.
A— MURRAY & READY, C34 and 636 Clay St.
Phone Main 6!MS.-
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We speak the German, ' French, Italian,
Scandinavian, Greek, Spanish, Slavonian and
Danish languages.
1803 We Gave 1904 We Hope to
60,000 Men Work. Increase 00,000.
CALL EARLY— 25
PLUMBERS. PLUMBERS. PLUMBERS.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
HE IS COMING.
25 single and double hand miners, $75 to '
$S2 50. ' *
5 chuck tenders. $75; 6 muckers, $67 50.
Bee manager of mine at our offlce to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-03U Clay et.
ARE YOU GOING TO BUTTE?
25 teamsters, special Job, $67 50.
25 laborers, special Job, $G7 50.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE TO YOU.
62 laborers, ppikerti, strappers, track layers,
graders and other" classes of wcrk SCO
MURRAY & READY, 631-C30 Clay at.
ARE YOU GOING TO LOS ANGELES S \N
BERNARDINO, RIVERSIDE, POMONA,
REDLANDS?
TO THE LAND OF SUNSHINE, FRUIT and
FLOWERS. »
Where man can work every day at $60 month.
ORANGE AND LEMON DIST.
165 teamsters wanted, $60 month
Ship by Santa Fe. $4 CO.
MURRAY & READY, 634-036 Clay st.
X. V. T. R. R. OWN WORK— SEE US.
125 laborers, spikers. strappers, track layers,
etc.. steady job year round: <wages $60.
Cut this out, ask specially for this job,
X. V. T.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay st.
FARE REFUNDED. It costs you nothing
ALL DAY HE IS WITH US.
General manager at our offlce See him.
GREAT GOLD MINE CENTKR,
5S two-horse toamoters, wages $60.
49 laborers, you'll do, wages $<50.
Special R. R. fare $2. Steady jobs for you
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
NOT FAR AWAY— 30c FARE.
55 laborers, anybody will do, light work. $30 fd.
1 MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
[ 12 BOILERMAKERS ~~"
. 12 Boilermakers. • 12 bollermaters.
32*4cto 3<5>.ic hour. 32^c to 36'Jc hour.
FREE fare — Manager at our offlce — free fare.
¦ MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
FACTORY— FACTORY. "~
16 laborers, fare $1. steady job, wages $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay et.
BOYS— BOYS-7-BOYS.
25 boys or young men, box factory, $35 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 6T.Q Clay *t.-
$1 FEE. $1 FARE. FRUIT PICKING.
155 men or strong boys
To pick fruits, work In packing and dry
houses. $30 Bnd found month.
If you can eat fruit you can pick fruit.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
STOCK RANCH— STEADY JOBS. ~
12 two-horse teamsters, fare $4, $30 found.
MURRAY - READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
12 carpenters, boss here to-day, plain work,"
Alameda County. $3 day. v 4
5 carpenters, ranch, fare SI 30, $40 fd.
9 carpenters, factory. $3 50 day
6 carpenters. S, M. Co., fare 40c, $4 day. •
FOREMAN. BOX FACTORY $100.
3 woodworkers. 4 bench hands, $3.
Man make tables, take lead. $3 day.
2 brush makers, country: band sawyer, city.
SHIP CALKER.
6 IRON MOLDERS.
Slack cooeers. 2 varnish finishers.
BLACKSMITHS.
2 horseshoers. fire and floor, $4 day.
Plumber's helper, 10c fare, ?1 50 day
12 PLASTERERS. ?* 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
PRIVATE AND L. STABLES.
Gardener, special, private. $30 found.
Stableman, R. R. camp. 50c fare, *30 found.
Stableman, mine town, fare $4 50,' $35 fd.
W-hostlers. bugisry and harness cleaners, $60
FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC.
14.chore.men and boys, see us, $13, $20, $30
and found. ,
2rt general farm hands, steady jobs, $30 fd. I
12 milkers, various places. $30. $35 and fd.
-MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL JOBS.
Janlty- and porter, -targe bakery, 15c fare,
$2 day.
. Young. man, city wholesale house, $40.
Boys- learn trades. " ' ~
BAKERS.
Foreman cake baker, $25 week.
Baker's helr^r, Madera Co., *30 fd.
3 helpers, different bakeries. $20. $25 and $35
and found. - .
Experienced drapery salesman, city.
BUTCHERS.
5 sheep butchers, .$S0.
3 butchers for larre ranch, $50 fd.
• 9 butchers, different places, $30, $40, $50,
$60 found.
4 knife men, S2 75: 3 sausage makers. $14.
WAITERS, ETC.
Oyster man, 545 fd.; " omnibus boys.
Walter, fare ?5, f 30 f d. ; '1 waiters, south,
$30. .
Man" run wash machine.
3 porters, hotels and Ealoons, $20, $25, $30 fd.
12 waiters, different places, $25, $30. $35 fd.
COOKS.
Cook, country institution, fare $1 3O, $60 fd.
Cook, $40; wishwasher, $15; hotel, mine dlst.
Cook, ranch, fare . $1 30, ?25 fd.
18 cooks, different places, J30, $40, $50,
$70 fd.
BELL AND ELEVATOR BOYS-
DISHWASHERS— BEDMAKERS.
Dishwasher, city institution, $25 and found.
9 dishwashers, different places, $20, $30 fd.
LAUNDRY.
2 starch ironers, .*12 to $16 week.
Polisher, ircner and starcher, fare $1 60, $2 50
day. ,
MURRAY _ READY. 334 and 630 Clay «t.
MARRIED.
"Farmer and wife, man as foreman, wife
cook, 3 men, ?«3 to $75 and found; fare ?3;
boss here.
Farmer and wife, man teamster, wife cook,
dairy, $55 andfourd,
•Farmer and wife, stock ranch, no women
there, £40 and found.
Farmer and wife. 25 cows, wife cook, 3
men. "f 40 and found. * I
Married farmer, southern town, $."50 and fd.
- 1 * TO THE MINES.
5 young men lecrn mining, $30 and found.
t» machine miners, ?!K).
MURRAY & READY. «U and 03(3 Clay st
16 CARPENTERS. $W. ' i '
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
All rough -work: call early: "R. R. work.
MUREAT &. READY. 634-636 Clay et.
6 CARPENTERS, POc fare $3 60 day
15 carpenters, 50c fare.;. $3 day
3 shlngler*. 50c f are.. "....... .$1 per M
ENGINEER,. RANCH. $3 DAY. FD.
2 hay balers. Agate! press ...15c ton
Man. distribute bills r ......$l 50 day
Harness cleaner, city Job ,..¦ $C0
- LOOK.
Pattern maker, house wcrk $.1 75 day
Pattern maker for mine $1 50 day
Screw turner. Southeast L C. ...... ...$3 day
Blacksmith, fare $1 30. K. L.......$3 day
.¦.-¦ LOOK.
Cashier, city hotel .'.$10 fd
Waiter, first-class club ,.$45"fd
LOOK. - .
Cook for 16 offlocrs $50 fd
Farmer and wife. $1 30, extra good job,
$o0 and found. - ¦
MURRAY & READY. 631-G36 Clay St.
CLERK, younjj man. our office/ -
I MURRAY & READY, C34-.C30 Clay St.
DISHWASHER wanted. Park Hotel~~20
.- Turk et. * . ¦ ¦• ¦ , •. ;:¦•.;•"¦;. , .'._., :.,'¦¦
BOOTBLACK for barber ] shop. Apply 709
Geary St., corner Hyde. A s
WANTED— -A Japanese for chamber work; $4.
; 570 Harrison' st. ',.,-' *, .
MEN to learn berber trade: only eight weeks
required: constant practice and expert In-
struction; positions secured; special Induce-
ment* this month; catalogue mailed free.
Moler System College, C35 Clay «t.
ALL unemployed clerks, bookkeeper*, mechan-
ics, skilled and unskilled laborers, are Invited
to register with u* free of charge ¦¦ HORD
6 SMITH. 95 *t.. S. F.
WANTED— Men and boys ( to learn plumbing
trade; Coyne 'Bros. Co. School of Practical
Plumbing; send for catalogue. ; Address 4973-5
EastOn ave.. St. t Loots.'; Mo. -;..>.>:: |
WANTED— Men } and r ' women to prepare, for
- Government^ pciitlon*. 'Apply for free - cata-
logue i giving; particulars. ~ Pacific Correspond-
ence Inttitute. Grant bldg.. lOOSiMarket st.
TRY our men's «hoes, union made: $1 _ $150
• pair; f«>ot-form J shoes..$2 »0: we. pay. express !
charge*. 11 Sd «t.. Exm ¦¦ bld.:open UU 0 p. m. I
SHOEMAKERS wanted. 683 Howard st. V
FOR > sale-^-2-chalr barber, shop.'-wtlh llvlng-
1 rooms. Box J 1C45, Call 'office.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale; 2 steady
» and 1 extra. . Apply TROST, 308 Mason ¦. *t. !
TWO chair barber shop "for sale; cheap. 3917
',:., 13th. »t.w,-'..y.; :,"¦'-.. .:-c. t . ¦¦¦ :;¦' . ¦ '..'.- . >
GOOD barber ehop for, sale. Inquire Vat 826
:? Montgomery [ave. . ;¦ . : ¦' :.-,^. - •
COAT/ pant* and < vert '. maker for country Ap- ,
" ply.; BEISS BROS, ts CO.. 24 Sutter St.* ' . 'Herbert J. Wrlcht to same, same »M Umds
Frank and Mary C. Kaircloth to Maada< y*ir
cloth. lot en E line of Forty-sixth street. 150 S
o* Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by E 120- also
lot on B line of Forty-sixth street, 173* s o f
Point Lobos avenue. S 25 by E 120- $10 :
Marl' R- Cheeaewrlght to Margaret F." Marks
lot on N line of A street. 107 :« w o«SL«h
avenue. W 25 by N ICO: $10. owa
Bay District Land Company to Clara. B
Walters. lot on NW corner of First av«mi# in <
A street. W 32:6 by N ICO: $10 * vtnu * *n«
Harriett H. and Lionel H. Moise to «telnTnnfi
Getz. lot on N Una of M street? 32:6 ™r
Forty- fit til avenue. W 10O. N ICO Iim'v
125, W 120. N 123. E 120. S 100 W Vo
150. W 32:«.;S 100; $10. • " "* * ' S
William Hazelquist to Charlotte ¦r"si«,wk 1
lot on N line of Chenery street 170-11 £«';
Castro. E 15:5%. NE 11:7^ NTl 1 lob <rw
Ma^'A^i^^^^ tr^r^
«tre#t. 25 NE .of Miguel. N E 25 ¥7 XWu£
Ulns lou 1 and 2, block IV Falrmount; S
THURSDAY", SEPTEMBER 13.
William and Lizzie Hlnkel to Annl« 1C
Farrell. lot on tha SW eorner of Broadway t^
Octavla street, S 27:4% by W 103:1%; $19.
Frank A. Nance to M. Nelson, lot on thi If
line of Vallejo street. 110 W of Baker W 89cfl
by N 137:6; $10.
Margaret E. Lees and Ell* M. Lefxa ta
the trustees of Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asytnm
and Home Society, lot on the NW corner «f
Hayes and Scott streets, N 275 by W 137:6*
George E. and Ida H. Kans to EfiwarA
A. end Marraret L. Kell. lot on thm N Un*
of Fell street. 81:8 E of Central av«nWa
50, N 137:6. W 25, S 37:6. TV 25/8100;
Mary A. and Eugene N. Frit* to Wtniim
and Minnie G. Martin, lot on the W Una eC
Ashbury street. 577 S of Frederick. S 25 h»
IV 106:3: $10. ¦*
Myer and Kathrlna dark to Mary Geissea.
lot on the NE line of Juniper street. S8T-«
SE of Folscm, SB 25 by NE SO; $1O. *
City and County of San Francises to Anas
Thompsen (wife of John), lot on thejfwr
corner cf Nineteenth and ShotweU streets.
N 62:6 by W 49. «^>«w.
Thomas and Margarets Mathison to Jamea
and Mary A. Cox. lot on th» S Iln* of Eight
eenth street. 50 W of Church. W 25 by 3 100;
Carl V. Anderson to EmIIl* C. Anderson, lot
en the NE corner of Seventeenth and \v«
streets, E 30 by N 91:6: gift.
Realty Improvement Company, to Matthew
McCurrie. lot 44. Lyon & Hoag*s subdivision
Adam George to Carl M. B«rt«lsen. lot on
ths E line ot Alabama streets 198-6 jf of
Twenty-fourth, N 30:C by E 100; $10
" Same to Niels M. Petersen, lot on" th« X
line of Alabama .street. 156 N of Twenty
fourth. N 39:6 by B 100: $10. w
Margaret Bush to Frank, "William B.
Joseph A.. John and George Bush lot oa
the E line of Capp street, 173:6 S of Tsr#n-».
third. S 48:6 by E 122:6: gift. *^enxy-
Kstate of David R. Jones (by Charles C
Bemls. executor) to Florent Gardlser. lot on V
line of Army street. 121 B of Church. E 50 by
Mamie I. Johanson— «r Thompson <B*-tni
(wife of August W.) to Isabella. T Barto
(wife cf Harrison), lot on N 1 line of Eighteenth
street. 75 E of Diamond. E 25 by N 75- $10
City and county of San Francisco to Jci«nH
Baldacci, lot on E line of Jones street. 40 % nt
Chestnut. N 20 by E 68:3: f . C
Andrew T. Corbus to Elizabeth and Sarah C
Corbus. lot en W Un* of Jones street 5"-« m
of Jackson, N 30 by W 87:10; sift
Bridget Walsh to William J.. John E. an A
James Walsh. Mary A. Ryan and Alice Walsh,
lot on NE line of First street. 275 SE oJ
Folsom. SE 22:6 by E 68:6: $10.
Wllllam*\. and Mary T. Griffin to Martha T
Tyl«r. lot on W line of Sixth avenue.' 325 X of
Lake. N 25 by W 120: $10.
Estate of Isabella. J. Wright '(by Herbert J
Wright, administrator) to John Klrwan. lot on
E line of Third avenue. 325 S of California
(Deeth) street. S 27:6 by E 120: $5000.
REAL ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXS.
Gas Con A.. — 20^!Truckee Elec 11 % —
Hono P Co.. 23 2S UR InCo pM W* —
Do (Pool). — 27&! Do com I* —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
$3,000 United R R of S F 49 85 <»
Street—
$20,000 United R R of S F 4s # . 83 ©•
Afternoon Session.
Street— •
$15,000 United R R of S F 4s S3 00
California Stockand OilExcharige
Ol! Stock— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 40 42
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 ....
California Standard 14 ....
Caribou 4 25 4 85
Claremont 75 M
Four 58 69
Home 1 85
Independence 2S- 29
Junction 63
Kern River 12 00 12 50
Monte Crlsto 61 75
Oil City Petroleum 51 »
S F & McKittrlck 2 75
Sovereign 81 ....
Thlrty-thre* g 25
Twenty-eight » 25 10 00
Associated Bonds .... 77 53
Linda Vista 20 —— .
SALES. *
Morning Session. " »
800 Occidental _ OC
8817 Associated 2O
2000 Oil City Petroleum ~. 51 :
Afternoon Session.
144 Associated M .« St* .
400 Linda. Vista ..... .... ' M
Mining Stocks.
m " — i
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCBAtfOS.
Following were the sales on ths Saa FrtBB>
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
, • > . Morning Seralon
800 Andes IS SCO Ophlr JX IS
400 Caledonia ... «3 100 Overman ..... 20
300 Challenge Con 20 ICO Sierra Nsr .. St
100O Con Imperial. 01 20O Sierra, N«r .. 83
300 Con NY.... 06 200 Union Coa .. 87
Crown Point. 14J
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher SCI 100 Ophlr 3 13
100 Caledonia. ... nil 400 Scorpion 05
300 Crown Point. 14 1 200 Sets Belchar.. 11
| SCO Gould & Cur. 1«| 100 Sierra Not .. 81
10CO Kentuck 06, f
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGS.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa>
Cisco And Tonopah Mining Excbang* yesterday;
Mornlns Session. .
100 Goldfleld 7O| 200 Mont Ton ...1 «3
300 Goldfleld 721 ICO Ton Belmont.. 57
1700 MacNamara . 341 40O Ton Belmoct.. B8
! 1100 MacNamara . 35! 1000 Ton Belmont.. S3
100 Mont Ton ...1 CO 1 21 CO Tea N Star.. 13
I BOO Mont Ton..l 62Vi!
1 Afternoon Session.
j 1000 Goldfleld B.. 03 SCO Ton of N«v.7 87^
OCf.0 MacNamara . 34 10ft Ton of Nev_S 00
200 Mont Ton ...1 65 80CO Esperanza . 01&
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 15—3 jv m.
Bid. Ask. I ESdl.Ajfc.
Alpha OS lOlJustice <"« it
Alta 1O 12! Kentuck 05 07
Andes 17 191 Keyes — 33
Belcher SO 31 lively 'Wash... — €5
Best & Belchl 1O 1 15' Mexican «5 OB
Bullion 24 25i Occidental ... 75 J>3
Caledonia ... 60 6UOph!r 2 IS 2 2f>
Challenge Con If) 20. Overman 2ft 22
Chollar ..... 13 141 Potosl 10 11
Confidence 65 70| Scorpion «S» Crt
Con C A Va.l 05 1 tOi Savage 15 in
Con Imperial 01 02! Seg- Belcher . . 1O It
Con N York. 06 0"! Sierrm Nevada Srt 32
Crown Point. 14 1S[ Silver Hill... 50 31
E S Nevada. 03 061 1st Louis \ lft
Eureka Con.. — SO' Syndicate .... 03 C3
Exchequer .. 60 fi2 Union Con.... 37 3J»
Gould & Cur. 17 19 Utah 10 12
Hale & Norc 51 54! Yellow Jacket 1* 15
Julia 08 10| i
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Adams 07 — I Montana Ton.l 65 1 79
Colehan — 05! Paymaster ... 03 —
Columbia ... 28 — | Qulncy M Co. 07 —
Ei?peranxa . . 01 021 Ray Extension — C5
Gold Anchor. — . 25! Ray Jk CB... — 08
GIdfld Bl Bell 08 091 Ray Tonopah. — 10
Goldfleld BAB 14 — I Red Top M Co 1* 1»
Goldfleld Min 72 — [Rescue 00 10
Goldfleld Mhk 20 22 Sandstorm ... 40 —
Goldfleld S Pk 17 — Ton Belmont. 52 M
Goldfleld Ton. 11 — ITon&Cal.... — 20
Gold Mt Con. — 02! Ton EXten....l CO —
Hazel Kirk.. 11 12| Ton & Gt W.. 03 —
Jim Butler.... — 64 Ton Gold Mt.. 1« IT
Jumbo Min.. PO — I Ton Midway.. 37
Little Ton .. 2O 40! Ton of Nev.7 SIV, 8 00
Lucky Bldwin 1O — | Ton N Star.. 17 13
Lucky Tom.. 04 — | Ton & S Laks Bl
MacNamara . XI 84' United Ton... 04 05
Mlzpah 17 — (Utopia 10 u
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pase Thirteen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALUl FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER. 16, 1904.
12
BOOMS TO LET-mrn. and TTnfnrn.
SEU first cur free list of rooms before you rent
any: we direct you without any charge.
BATHIAN'S AGENCY, 235 Kcarny st.
SOUTH. PARK, 104— Large sunny furnished
basement; also large parlor; light house-
keeping.
SUTTER. 820— Large sunny elegantly fur-
nished front rooms.
SUTTER, IMS— Two nicely furnished rooms,
euitable fcr gentlemen, with board.
THE Larchmont. 3C1 Eutter — New brick bidg.,
finely furnishrd: hot, cold water, steam heat,
privilege to bnths; $3 to $tt week.
THIRTEENTH, 23S— Nice furnished room,
suitable lor gentleman: only $G. j- ,
THIRTEENTH, 238— Nice, sunny, front room;
running water; bath; overlooking garden; $7.
TURK, 81C — 3 single 1 rooms nicely furnished
for gentlemen.
TURK. 1159— Nice. furnished rooms; new
hcuse; select neighborhood.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (r.o gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read.-room: free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44~3d et.. near~Market—
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 roams;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
VALLEJO, 1130. cor. Leaven worth, 1 block to
Hyde-st. car — Newly furnished, sunny front
rooms; running water; excellent home cook-
Ing; yard;, laundry; phone; private family;
young couple preferred; reasonable.
ROOMS and board: very reasonable; private
house; suitable for two gentlemen; refer-
ences: excellent table. 1263 Octavla St.
ROOM and board in private family; single or
double; 2 blocks from Park: reference. ¦ 26
B et., bet let and 2d aves.. Richmond DIst.
NICE, sunny, furnished rooms, with or with-
out board; all accommodations. 1033 Golden
Gate ave. .
EDDY, 1128, opp. Jefferson Park — Fine furn.
sunny rooms; table board; reas.: new manag.
HOWARD. 841A — First-class board and room,
single or double, $5-$6 wk. ; American family.
LARGE, sunny room and board, $5 .week. 323
First st.
MABON, 615A. nr. Sutter — Sunny room and
board In private family.
O'FARRKLL. 010— Sunny large furn. room,
with geed board and run, water: reasonable.
ROOMS and board to let. HOTEL MARCH-
IONESS. 160 Golden Gate ave. '
ROOMS with board; all locations. Fhons Clay
896. - '
8tevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex,
607 California — See rooms, learn prices, try table
BOOMS AKD BOABD WABrTSP.
WANTED — By October 1. comfortable, warm
rooms and flrst-clacs board by gentleman and
. wife and two lady relative adults. Box
1447. Call office.
HOOMS^WAHTEDj^ _____
YOUNG man wants furnished room In German
family or widow's home; state price. Box
1643, Call office.
ROOM-BENTINQ AOEITCY.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 996,
or call at 117 Sutter st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnltur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A — GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping: warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness: office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel South 750.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy at.:
phone Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mission *t.; tel. Howard 941. -F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1810. Shipping at cut rates.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
IS your old sewing machine out of fix? We will'
trade you a new one for it. Visit the new
retail office of the White Company, 915 Mar-
ket st., and see the great collection of 'ma-
chine art work now on exhibition; 1000 new
Whites for rent; best machines on earth.
DOMESTIC^-The machine for family use;- best
Is. cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
I-rlc*; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. Hear Sixth.
A NEW Home, the b»st second-hand machine;
all kinds. $3. $5, *S; guaranteed; where th*
do'ls swine* In the window. 1031 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of tha
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on MON-
DAY, September 26. 1904, at 9 a. m., at the
office of the association. Point Lobos ave.,
for the election of .trustees and such other
business that may be legally brought before
It. By order of the Board of Trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENL1NGTON, S«Tetary.
__T^PEWBITE^S^ABrD_SUPPIiIE3. :
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 608 Market.'
VIA VI.
A WAT to health— Mothers' and daughters*
home treatment: booklet free; write for It,
VIAVI CO., 2304 Van Ness; phone East 2SX
PIVIDEBrD NOTICES.
~" AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. ¦ ¦ ' ¦*
A dividend of 2",4 per cent has this day been
declared upon the preferred . stock of this
company, payable on October 1, 1904,. go
stockholders of record at the close of busl-
. ness September 21. 1904. The transfer books
will be closed as to the preferred stock-from
. September 22 to October 1, both Inclusive.
Checks will be mailed.
R. H. ISMON,* Secretary.
September 13. 1904.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness and Market,
cures; estab. in S.F.4 yrs. Hours 1 to S p.m.
MARRIAGE LICENSES,
- The ' following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: - : .......
Ernest Vannuccl, 29, lZ0O\b Stockton street,
and Sylvia A. Turner, 20, Frankford, Mo. .
Daniel J. Manning. 32, 1146 Howard street,
and Mamie O'Ehea, 30, 108 Fourth street. .7
Arthur J. Condon, 21, Tonopah, Nev., and
Maude Mulvllle. 18. city.
Maximilian R. Weiss, 30, 611 Ellis street,
and Maria K. Graaf, 29, St. Nicholas Hotel.
George Lundberg, 22,-1726 Hyde street, and
Linda Badger, .20, 19 Lily avenue. ¦ ¦ . ¦
Ernst Segebarth. 29, 1990 Folsom street, and
1 Lulse , Kuhm, 21, 505 Halght street
John B. Barblerl, 29, 724 King street, and >
Antoinette Barbieri, 24, ¦ 2854 : Twenty-fifth. '
James B. Rinfs. 22, ¦ Marshall, and Norln*
.E. Herbert. 21, Broomfleld.
Giuseppe Bucedl, 33, 424 Broadway. - and
Teresa dl Santl. 25. 717^ Vallejo street. " ¦
. George A. K eagle, 29, Lodl. and Bessie M.
Corbin. 23. Lodl.- \ ¦-.
Walter T. Wood. 29, 1899 Oak street, and
Alma L. Mitchell, 24, 3019 Jackson street.
' Charlrt R. Lund. 33. 454 Mam street," and
Sarah McMahon, 27. 1333 California- street.'
Joseph Baptists, 27, 123 ' Oregon • street, and
Nellie Gomes. '19, 123 Oregon, street. >¦••- ' •¦ .'
Raymond Babcock. 85, New York City and
Julie N. Lacay, 26. city. " •
•Jean - Bonnet.'^ 27," 331 Kearny :. street, and
Agathle'Motte. 24, 331' Geary street. •
Adolfo Parodl. 24, 415 Union - street, and
Roza FIrpo, 27,' 1441 Ninth avenue. : ;
Look : LI - Tong, 26, -. 1 721 ¦ Sacramento ' street,
and Cheung Shee, 26, Gar Tin Village/ China.
Kenichl Watanabe, 2tf, Fresno, and KInu
Masunaga. 19, Ansa-Gori, Japan.
BIRTHS— MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
Birth,*- marriage and ' death . notices ; sent ' by
mail will not be Inserted. They must-be handed
In at either of the publication . offices and be
Indorsed with the name and , residence of per-
sons : authorized to ' have ; the - same . published.
Notices restricted simply to. the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. —X^tf&iesl&SfSaE^tB^StBKSBU
¦ ¦ " ¦ . born.;' * '• . .¦¦;•¦; .-¦-.¦
NUNES— In this city. : September" 1L 1804* ' to
: the wile of Frank Nunesv a son. :
J^AtJCSTAT^ r: CTTY-3Fp^SAJMB ; _
JVMNT IUCHSSOND.
I have for .-ale lour lots, «h e mesi. desirable
lr. the city of Ki.hirond. The WWtt or/ner
i« ucabl* to Kt«"j) uj) uaynjenui and will so I at
original cost. If >< u v.ani i> buy ta joint
Richmond consult me bctort uu'.T-g *¦¦>. 1 kui
one of the pjoneors in the UislrJ.t and know
ib* ljc-ation i>r every lot.
'• Vi-abutW; hoom 10. :
SAN FBAXCfcSCO. CAL.
~~~~ ""'" 0 \ •
onlt a rnwurr;
** SO INTEHSST.
Chriorst Jots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on street
rrad"; ciore to fine school; not far from the
Sosstoa-Ct. «-:oc!ric cars; Eccure cne as an
!m<*::nf-ru and by the lime It U paid '.or it
ni!l have doutlcd in value ihe »ay prlcei
lave advanced .luring the rast year; buy
now liefcre i-rices bei.-on:e prohibitive In tnt»
rari«ly sre^ir.^- so-tion.
F \V. J. WHITE.
2C M^rtrcmcry Et.. r. 8. l-'hoae Main 5«0l.
BANK preverly at auction, Sept. 17. 7:30
p m.; couaprs and vacant lot* in the Mi«-
elon; 1-5 cash, balance caey tern-.*.
11. COFFIN. Mission, bft. 21tt and 22d.
A t"000 HOME built to suit you, lot included,
any location, en $1 C5 per we?k. Mutual
Honjr Building Association. 427 Crcssley bid.
JlflSO— A FNAP— Alamcda home; Urge lot: 7
room?: wjdr av.; little cash. Owner. 21 Spear.
HOUSE fcr sale; 4 rooms and bath, with fln-
Ufced basement. 718 Vermont St.. bet. 10K0.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH & MATER, plurr.bcrs. S3ti Howard st.
A WEEK'S news fcr » cents — The Weekly Call.
16 rscf. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yeai.
BAK MATEO gT*T- EBTATB.
AT PRIVATE FALE
EEOINNINU MONDAY. September 19. 1&04.
At 10 o'clock a. tn.
AT OUR OFFICE. 25 POST STREET,
Man Francisco.
BAN MATEO fTHOICEST BUSINESS AND
RESIDENCE LOTS.
Averaglnc 50x120 each.
THE HATWARD ADDITION TO
SAN MATTO.
AiJjoinins the celebrated
HATWARD MANSION.
In the heart of t-an Mateo
And within 2 blocks cf the
BUSINESS ('ENTER.
Two blocks from the a. P. depot.
20 TRAINS DAILY.
Two blocks irom Electric Road.
.Car* to city every 15 minutes.
Majestic oaks en nearly ell lets.
Streets srsded, sewered, curbed and ..
macadamized.
Bituminous sidetvalks laid.
Water ripes to every lot.
No loti sold until above date.
First «j>me best served.
Cttalosur* and price list ready now.
Mtr.y applications already In.
But positively no lots will be 'sold
L'ntll the ]Oth init.
Eend or write for particulars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post street.
Or F. S. GRUMMON. Branch OfflV.
San Mat«K>. California.
LOMITA PARK — On line of rian Mateo elec-
tric can; 4'> minutes from 5th and Market
tu.; outside the fog belt and just beyond
wfcere the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will join the main line; second subdivision
new being offered: I>0-foot lots from $400 up:
untf. first two subdivisions only $10 down
snd (10 a month: ««r and water pipes ia
front of ?very lot; pure artesian well water:
half the lots in subdivision No. 1 were sold
In two week*; an exceptional opportunity
to cecure a lot in this desirable section on
cafy terms; take the electric cars and get
eff at LOMITA PARK; maps sent on appll-
cation. • •
EELBT. RODGERS & CO- ' . -
Tfl Main fi73. 116 California, rt.
aa:srx.o pake seal estate.
1200 PER acre — Two 8-acre and one 4-acr»
tract, back of Fair Oaks; water and good
road* : Urt cf this property left; hi cash.
Mrr.lo Park — A fine country home, with
•plendld garden and magnificent trees: well
built, old-fashioned house in good condition;
for rale at a bargain; 15 acres, ail Improved.
Fair Oaks— Lar.4 in best part of thi» dis-
trict; well rheltered and wooded: In tracts of
Srom 4 to 25 acres; special terms to tho*»
tuiiii:r.g immediately.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Telephone Main C73. 116 California «L
SEAL ESTATE TO EZCKA2TGE.
REALTY EXCHANGE COMPANY.
F. A. BARR. MANAGER.
SUITE 807-SCS CALL' BUILDING.
It !s frequently the case that a party wishes
to sell bis holdings for the purpose of reinvest-
ing the proceeds in a. different kind of property.
Our long experience In this business enables
tit to often accomplish this double purpose by
oiily one transaction. The only condition we '
make i« that your proT#rty. if you wish us to
dispose of it for you. MUST BE GOOD OF ITS
KIND AND IN A GOOD LOCATION. Don't
take up either our time or your own with
worthless offerings, or property bo heavily
mot-teased as to leave no actual equity.
If it has merit, whether you own real estate
cr a mercantile or manufacturing business.
bring a description of tame to our office, stat-
ing what kind of x>roperty you prefer In ex-
change, and you will be surprised bow quickly
we cs.n effect the result.
THIS IS SIMPLY BECAUSE WE UNDER-
STAND THE EXCHANGE BUSINESS and are
the enly company in Ean Francisco making a
specialty of earn*. We make no charge for ad-
vertising cr any other purpose unless we pro-
cure an exchange satisfactory to you to accept.
ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S ? M ? TS
A I. jVM-TO A KltZSTATB.^^
A NEW 7 -room 2-*tory bouse Just completed,
beautifully finished on Inside; large closet
for every bedroom: dressing-room fitted up
with every convenience; beautiful sideboard
and china cios^t in i!!ninp;room: electricity
and gas for lighting; within 1 block of sta-
tion and >j block ta electric ears; lot 40x117;
will sell on very reasonable terms. Apply at
2250 Ean Jose avenue.
A FTNE home !n Al&meda— Cottage of 6 rooms,
hall bath, basement: flower garden, etc.;
larr* lot. S«e owner. 1050 Franklin »t.. Oak-
land. •
¦*¦ ¦¦
FBUITYALE ADVERT'S'TS
TgUlTVALE SEAL ESTATE.
A MODEL HOME CHEAP.
13000 — Pretty bungalow. with living-room
24 by 14; large hall, dining-room, den.
front and back bedrooms, with bath be-
tween; kitchen, pantry, laundry, etc.;
entire house finished in wood; clinker
brick mantel, finest plumbing, unique
elec. light fixtures, gae. city water,
rewer: N. W. corner, lot.50 by 125; lawn;
fine elevated residence location, on beet
avenu* In town; near two car lines;
rhades, floor coverings, range (all new)
go with place: furniture for sale; easy
terms to reliable party: call or send for
pictures. P. O. Box 1S1.' 1214 Fruitvale
ave.. Fruitvale, CaL
FOR SALE— $2750: It cost $3750; rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot.. 40x150 Apply
to S. P. AlTSTTN, 1101 Twenty-third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND APVEE/PS'SPTS
* OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
__: —
OAPLAHP BEAX ESTATE.
C2E50— THE prettiest Queen Anne Gothic house
S containing clx rooms, al! tinted and frescoed;
latest open and nickel plumbing; gas fixtures
end electricity; large lot; near schools and
Kry route station; It Is a beauty and a bar-
rain and the terms are easy; to see It means
to buy it; owner must sell. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
PDIt sale— Modern home; lot 48x150; 6 large
rooms; barn, chicken -yards, fruit, flowers,
t<eaciiful lawn; SO minutes to Ssn Francisco;
Key Route; should be seen to appreciate, ln-
<juire Owner. 477 Thirty-fourth at., near Tel-
egraph ave. East.
FOK sale — Improved property, paying 8 per
cent en Investment; on Telegraph ave.. oppo-
site J dors Park. Addrees box 1398, Call of-
fice. Oakland.
OAgsAyp aooMg.
SIXTEENTH. 818. Oakland— Nicely furnished
rooms to ltt: gentlemen preferred.- . '
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. ScbeUxaas,Uth et.,ccir.etore,Oe.lila.ntL«
SEAL HSTATE — COUirTBY-— For Sale.
TO investcis or home seekers in the river dis-
trict cf K.rn County— I have o"J<> acres ot
rich ujrricultural lard in heart of oil region,
only VI ini!»s from Bakcrsfield: will sill as a
who!'; .:r .subdivision;.; on main county roaa.
nr. railroad and canal; cash or >!• on mtge. ;
• nvestipatt- this; cheap. Vox 1131. Call office
ALFALFA lands, stock rcnefce*. orchards,
vtiwvsnis: Inai^cttd bargains; monthly cat*.
;c*;t:"»s «vi:t trc.!. C. 11. WOOSTliR CO..
I C4S Matkct rt. «
~™~ chicicszt batches.
ideal" "chicken ranch.
Orchard View Tract, at Ean Leandro. !
Subdividing trie orchard on uentle slope:
flee to fuit; easy terms; plenty water; fine
fruit; call iot details; go and Bee Sunday.
I On-ner. 713 Mills bidg.
BE AIi ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — A ranch of abcut 10O acres, ad-
joining some Government land; must have
house, barn. Implements, etc., and plenty
of water; within 10 or 12 miles of some good
town; wiU exchange business clearing over
1100 per month and pay or accept difference:
Sonoma or Mendocino County preferred. Box
133D, Call oriice. Oakland. ,-
BOOHS rOB EOUSEXEEPIKO.^^^
APARTMENT; furnished; 3 or 4 rooms; run-
ning water; complete fcr housekeeping. 834
Turk *i.
FIRST. 317— Large -fur. front rms. for light
hekpg ; run, water, closet, bath, also sing, r.
FOLSOM, 742A— Sunny front housekeeping
rooms; yard connection: (14 month.
FRANKLIN. 1518 — Sunny, front hkpg. suites;
also rooms with board; bath; running water.
GROVE, CSS — Two housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 940— Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, 1074 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1136— Front sunny room for houst-
keeping.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell — Three-
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. Ice
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
fcunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas. '
LAGUNA, 1507. corner Geary — Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rcoms; bath, phone; new >flat;
private; rea-sonable. ; '
MISSION. 1219 — Furnished housekeeping
rocn*s ; contcsietc. no children.
NICK housekeeping rooms to let; all location*.
Phone Clay 006.
OAK. 317 — Complete for housekeeping, *5 to
$12; cas ranee; hot bath; adults.
BCOTT, 300. NE. cor. Page — Two or three
sunny furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell— Furnished or
unfurnished bay-window suites, complete for
housekeeping; gas range; also single.
THREE furnished rooms; bath; pantry; laun-
dry; yard: Quiet. 1417 Fremont ave., Fruit-
vale. __^
TURK, S14 — Desirable housekeeping or fur-
nished rooms at reduced rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 232— Furnished housekeeping
euite and single; pas range; $16, $6; adult*.
APABTMEOT HOUSS3.
VAN NUTS. cor. Bush and Jones sts.
New management; fresh paint and tinting:
thoroughly renovated; 2-3-4 rcom suites.
GLENDORE. 1545 Pine: attractive 6-room
suites; nrlvate laundry, bath, maid's room;
unique In design %nd appointment.
THE BENTON apartments. 835 Octavla st. —
Furnished 2-3 room suites; opposite, beautiful
park.
ALTAMONT. SE. cr. Washington and Mason —
3-room apartments, furn. and unfurn.; bath.
BT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms: furn. or unfur.: refs. TeL East 1350.
BOOMS TO LET — rnrn. and Trnfnrn.
A— WOLF HOUSE, S. W. corner Sixth and
Howard — Modem apartments, single rooms,
etc., from 25c to $1; rates by the week or
month.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth et.— Rooms
25= to $1 per night, fl 23 to f 5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
I AT .. The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
! Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 5Oc. $1, «1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; bouse open all night.
BELMOND House, over Owl drug store. 2 en-
trances, 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSSH. 755 — To rent; 2 large well furnished
rooms; use cf cas and bath. ;; ¦•• '¦> ;
BUSH. 15S4 — Sunny room to let- ' ,StvV:
CALIFORNIA, 623 — Pleasant sunny rooma to
let.
CLARA. 77 — Rooms or basement; board for
gentlemen; Jower flcor.
EDDY, 432^ — Flne> furnished rooms; all con-
veniences; single rooms; baths; reasonable.
ELLIS. 1323— Nice single room to let.
FIFTH. 254— Nicely furnished sunny room;
reasonable price.
FOLSOM, 608— Nicely furnished room to let.
FOLSOM. 1220— Neatly furnished sunny room
to let. ' T^. . .. : .
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations. PbOB*
Clay 036.
GEART. 664— Front rooms and kitchen: also
. others.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.. 439— One furnished
room.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1524, near Scott — Rear
sunny room to let.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 33c
to <1 25 night; U 50 to $6 wlc^ reading-room.
HAMPTON, place, 17, off Folsom, near Third 1
sunny rooms; rent reasonable.
HARRISON. 721— Nice furnished rooms; cen-
tral location.
HARRISON. 97fl. nr. Sixth— Two nice fur-
nifihed rooms for two gentlemen.
HARRISON. 1216H— Small room to rent.
HOWARD. 715— Large sunny rooms at low
rates; 25c to SI day snd II 25 to $5 week.
HOWARD. 035^— Newly renovated furnished
rooms to let.
JESSIE. S63, east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms; single. »7; for two, $8.
JESSIE, 3C3 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
JONES. 917, nr. Bush— Single, sunny room:
running water; bath; phone.
LARKIN. 4O8U — Nice sunny back parlor, with
running water; suitable for two. .-
LARKIN. 819%-Large. .sunny, front room;
suitably for lady or gentleman; 112 per
month. .
LASKIE. II. bet. 8th and 9th, oft Mission—
I ront room suite; 1 .or^2 friends.
LJBERTT. 504, nr. Castro— Mod., sunny par-
lors; kitchen; dining-room; bath; warm belt.
MARKET. 893— Suites and tingle rooms to let.
MARKET. 1035— Furnished rooms, day week
or month, to let. • • ,-*
MARKET. 1049 (Ths Falmouth)— Sunny rooms -
hot, cold water, elevator; windows for parade!
MAEON. 514, nr. Sutter— sunny front rooms-
euite cr single; reasonable.
MINNA. 1034— Sunny front room; private
• family. ;
MISSION. C73— Snnny room; $1 week. . > "'
MISSION, 1514, nr. 11th— Two good rooms
$150 and $1 25 xreek; central; private house!
MISSION. 2247— Rooms to let
OCTAVIA/1157. Ellls-st. car. Jefferson Park—
Well furnlihed rooms; gas, bath, phone.
PACIFIC. 1405— Furnished • room.
PAGE, ¦ 1776 — Three front ' unfurnished rooms.
PIERCE. 251 — Seven sunny rooms and bath-
rent cheap. . *
PINE. 1733— Newly, furnished; light and sunny;
bath; phone; running water: reasonable.
POST,> C07,« near ; Mason— Nice,', sunny, ¦ bay-
wlndcw room,: suitable .; for : two.'
POST,' SS3 — Large * furnished room, , running
water.. -
SACRAMENTO. 1B42— A" neatly f unilehed front
hall room in prl vats family.
¦NOTICE OF FORECLOSURE SALE. \ (
UNITED STATES SHIPBUILDING COM-
Notice Is hereby given that pursuant to
a decree of foreclosure and sale m-ade
and entered in the Circuit Court -of the
United States for the District of New.
Jersey on- June £0, liKM, in a certain con-
solidated cause in equity pending in said
court, wherein The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany and New York Security and Trust
Company,- respectively are complainants,
and United States Shipbuilding Company
and others are defendants, and also pur-
suant to an ancillary decree of foreclo-
sure and sale made and entered in the
Circuit Court of the United States for the
Northern District of California on August
"I, 1904, in a certain , consolidated cause in
equity pending in said court wherein the
laid The Mercantile Trust Company and
New York Security and Trust Company,
respectively, are complainants, and United
'¦ States Shipbuilding Company and others
are defendants I, James Smith, jr., as
special master, in and by said decrees ap-
pointed, will sell in two separate parcels
at public sale or auction to the highest
bidder, at the front door of the main busi-
ness oflice' upon the mortgaged premises
hfreinafter described in the City of San
Francisco, State of California, viz., on the
north side of Twentieth Street, between
Michigan and Georgia Streets, in the said
City of San Francisco, on -the twenty-
sixth day of September, 1904, at 12
o'clock noon, or on the day and hour to
¦which I may finally adjourn the sale, the
following premises and property which, in
said decrees are adjudged to be mort-
gaged under two certain mortgages from
¦aid United States Shipbuilding Company,
the first to "The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany, and the second " to the New York
Security and Trust Company, and are
described as follows:
FIRST PARCEL.
The yards, docks, plant . and property
formerly owned by the Union Iron works,
situated in San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, and consisting of:
(a) All those certain lots, pieces or par-
cels of land situate, lying and being in the
City and County of San Francisco, etata
of California, and bounded and particu-
larly described as follows, to wit:
1. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Illinois and Eighteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
"hundred (200) feet to Michigan Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Michigan Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred (200)
feet to Illinois Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly line of Illinois
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four. Hundred and
Twenty-five (425). " ,
2. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Illinois and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Nineteenth street two
hundred (200) feet to Michigan Street;
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Michigan Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Illinois Street: thence northwardly and
along the easterly line of Illinois Street
four hundred (400) feet to the point of
commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Twenty-six (426). •
3. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Michigan and Nineteenth Streets ;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Nineteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet • to Georgia Street,
thence southwardly and along the west-
erly line of Georgia Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Michigan Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly line of Michigan
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all_ of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred ana
Forty-seven (447).
4. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Michigan and Eighteenth Streets:
running thence easterwardly and along
the southerly line of Eighteenth Street
two hundred (200) feet to Georgia street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Georgia Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence west-
wardly and along the northerly line of
Nineteenth Street two hundred (200) feet
to Michigan Street; thence northwardly
and along the easterly -line of Michigan
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo. Block Number Four Hundred and
Forty-eight (44S). "-_ , ¦
6. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Oeorgia and Eighteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Louisiana Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred (200)
feet to Georgia Street; thence northward-
ly and along the easterly line of Georgia
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all of Potrero
Nuevo. Block Four Hundred and Flfty-
nino (45D).
6. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Nineteenth and Georgia Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly lino of \Nlneteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana Street;
thence southwardly and along the -wester-
ly line of Louisiana Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Twentieth Street two hundred (200)
feet to Georgia Street; thence north-
wardly and along ' the easterly line of
Georgia Street four hundred (400) feet to
the point of commencement; being all of
Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four Hun-
dred and Sixty (460).
7. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Louisiana and Nineteenth Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Nineteenth Street two
hundred (200) feet to Maryland Street;
¦ thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Maryland Street four hundred
(400) feet to Twentieth Street; thence
MARRIED.
HOLT— OLSOX— In this city, September 14.
1904, by the Rev. John Stephens, Ingvald
Holt of Ukiah and Laura Olson of Los
. Angeles.
KKLIv— NORMAN— In Oakland, September 15.
1004, by the Rev.- John Stephens, Walter
John Kell of Oakland and Bertha . Lauretta
Norman of San Francisco.
JCERRISON— HALL— In this city. September
; 14, 1904, by the Rev. John Stephens, Robert
Edmond Kerrison and Alice H. Hall, both of
San Francisco. . - >
MANNING— O'SHEA— In this city, September
.- IS, 1904, by the Rev. Father Cummins of
• St. -Patrick's .Church, Daniel Manning and
Mamie 0'Shea,.both of this city.
PERRIE— SHELMADINE— In San Jose, Sep-
tember 14, 1904, s by, the - Rev. J. H. Slater.
Theodore A. Perrie of. this city and Minnie
Shelmadlne of San Lorenzo.itfa^HEMKEBMSMl
DIED.
Bayless, George B. Maack. Cealla,
- Benson. William C. : Mannlx, Patrick
- Blake. Edward Millar. James D.
Burgees. Michael Nichols, L. H.
Cassel, Leopold : O'Dwyer, Annla J.
Cody, John Rose Pereira. Frank
Doolin; Mary .; Slchel. Fannie
Dunn, John " -> Taboas. Dlonisio
Holmes. Daniel Wagner, Edward C.
Hurson, Ellen WeDer, Eugene R.
Kaher, Ignatius ' Wyatt, ' Charles H.
BAYLESS— In Veterans' Home : of California.
-¦ September 14, 1904, George B. Bayless, a
native of Ohio,. aged 56 years.
, (C7Crematlon of the remains will take
\ place al . Odd Fellows' Cemetery, Friday,
. September 18, at 3:30 p. m. .
BENSON— In this city." September 15. ¦ 1004,
William C, beloved husband of Mary Ben-
eon, and , loving father of John E., William
,F.,s Miriam Evelyne and -Charles J. Benson,
a native of Navan. County ; Meath, Ireland,
aged - 44 ¦ years. A member of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. - 178S, K. •"' of H., and Ean Fran-
cisco Bricklayers' Union No. 7.
E7The • funeral • will ' take place' to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m.,from his late resi-
dence. 'II Mars street, -. between ' Seventeenth
' street and Corbett avenue,' thence to the Most
' Holy •¦ Redeemer 'Church, ¦¦ where a -requiem
high mass will be celebrated for > the repose
-of his soul at 10 a. m. " Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery -l£RG54BB&&&B8BBB3BQHgK&maSgB
BLAKE— In Salt Lake. City., Utah. September
12, 11904.- Edward, i beloved \ husband of Ella
. J. < Blake, and > loving • father of • Edward M.
Blake,' r and • son ¦: of - Catherine ¦ and ¦¦ the late
' Francis Blake, and brother of. Mary, ¦ Frank.
Katie and LUlle Biake of Virginia City.
:C^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully -¦ invited to attend tha : funeral ?. to-day,
HEN RYJ. CAL L AC HE R CO-
-;\ (Successors to Flahnaian A Gallagher).
'¦'- DANIEL ¦ P. DONOVAN.' Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 'AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
'-:.¦¦¦..";¦¦¦¦-:¦ Telephone South SO. -...'- -;; , ',...
rapERTAKJBRS.
'¦ — r— Funeral •: Directors' and '-. Embalmers-— —
f. •;<¦¦ ••> Formerly ' In " Metropolitan -• Temple."-'-' <*''¦?,
V NOW, at '886 MISSION. .Tel South 187.
Between ; Fourth : and : Fifth,-; near; Flf th st.
, Finest ' Equipments at ¦ Moderate Rcf-asa f^Vi
1;^ J*P r ?_?ffi-?sras F^ 1^ .-'--'—
I place In his hands or deposit wth him at
the time of making the bid as a i>"e-C5
that such bidder, will make g3Ol hL* b J.
if accepted by the court, the sum of 510a.-
000 in money or certified check up-n a.iy
national bank, or upon any trust com-
pany in the city of New York, or Jol'j.fJW.
tace value of the bonils secured >;y said
mortgage of the Uivted States Shipbuild-
ing Company to The Mercantile Trust
Company, or, in case said mortgage shall
have been previously satisfied, $13o.000 face
value of the bonds secured by said mort-
gage of the United States Shipbuilding
Company to the New York Security and
Trust Company.
The special master will next offer for
sale, separately and in one parcel, all
that portion of the mortgaged personal
property hereinabove described as the
SECOND PARCEL. In making such sale
the said special master will, pursuant to
tho directions of said decrees, accept no
bid for the property so to be ottered for
sale from any bidder for a sum less than
$300,000, nor from any bidder who shall not
place in his hands or deposit with him at
the time of making the bid, as a pledge,
that such bidder' will make good his b.d.
if accepted by the court, the sum of 460,000
in money or certified check upon any na-
tional bank, or upon any trust company
In the city of New York.
The certificate of any trust company in
the city of New York that it holds bonds
as therein described secured by either of
the said mortgages of the United States
Shipbuilding Company, subject to the or-
der of the party named, and transferred
to the special master, wiU be received br
said special master and accepted in lieu
of the bonds specified in said certificate as
a deposit at the time of sale and on ac-
count of the payment of the purchase,
price bid, with like force and effect as
though the bonds therein named had
been delivered to such special master.
Of the price for which said respective
parcels of property shall be sold, there*
shall be paid in cash at the time of sale,
the cash deposits hereinbefore required,
which shall be received as a part of the
purchase price and also, with respect to
each of the said parcels of property, ther©
shall be paid In cash, at the same time,
and from time to time thereafter, such
further portions of the purchase price of
said properties as the court may direct;
and the court has reserved the right upon
the confirmation of the sale of the said
parcels of property, or either of them, to
charge the properties sold, or any part-
thereof, with a lien to secure any such
further payment of cash, in an amount
then to be fixed by the court or to requlro
a bond in lieu of any such Hen. The bal-
ance of the purchase price of each
of the said parcels of property, not
required to be paid in cash or secured by
lien or bond as aforesaid, may be paid in
cash, or the purchaser may satisfy and
make good the balance of his bid, In whole
or in part, by turning in to be cancelled
or credited as hereinafter provided, out-
standing bonds and overdue coupons ap-
pertaining thereto secured by said mort-
gage of the United States Shipbuilding
Company to The Mercantile Trust Com-
pany, said bonds ahd coupons being re-
ceived at such price or value as shall be
equivalent to the amount that the holder
or holders thereof would be entitled to
receive thereon In case the entire pur-
chase prices of all the properties covered
by said mortgage were paid in cash; or In
case said mortgage of the United States
Shipbuilding Company to The Mercantila
Trust Company shall have been previously
satisfied, said purchaser or purchasers
may for the same purpose turn in
to be so cancelled or credited out-
standing bonds and overdue coupons ;
appertaining thereto, secured by said '
1 mortgage of the United States Shlpbulld- i
ing Company to the New York Security
and Trust Company, which shall be like- j
wise received at a value likewise com-
puted; but such payment in bonds issued >
under said mortgage to The Mercantile I
Trust Company shall be subject to such
further order of the court as may b» 1
necessary to protect any rights, equities; !
or priorities of the holders of any of said
bends In respect to the distribution of tht
proceeds of the sale of the premises cov-
ered by the lien of said mortgage, as in
said decrees provided. AH such bonds and
coupons that may be used to make any
such payment shall be surrendered to the
special master and cancelled if the whole I
amount due thereon is applied upon the ;
purchase price, but if less than the whole |
amount be so applied then the amount so
applied shall be stamped or written upon !
such bonds and coupon?, which shall then
be returned to the holder.
If any bid shall be accepted by the court
and' the person making the same shall fail
to comply with all the conditions of rale
and all orders of the court ir. resptel
thereto, the sum deposited by the biddei
shall be forfeited and shall be applied as
the court may direct.
The court has reserved the right to re-
ject any bid aiid to resell the mortgaged
premises and property upon the failure ot
any purchaser for five days to comply
with any order of the court requiring pay.
ment.
The- sald> decrees provide that the pur-
chaser on purchasers of the property
therein decreed to be sold shall ba Invested
with, and shall hold, possess and enjoy
the said mortgaged property thereby de-
creed to be sold, or so .much thereof as
may be purchased by him or them respec-
tively, and all rights, privileges and fran-
chises pertaining thereto, as fully and
completely as the defendant? in said con-
solidated causes, or any of them, held and
enjoyed the same at the time of the entry
of .such decrees, or had theretofore held
and enjoyed the same respectively; and.
further, that the said purchaser or pur-
chasers shall be entitled to hold the said
property so sold freed and discharged of
and from the lien of the mortgages fore-
closed in said consolidated causes and
freed and discharged from r.H claims ol
the parties to said suits or any of them,
and every person represented by or claim-
ing under or through them or any of them.
. For further particulars reference Is
made to the above mentioned decrees ot
the'said Circuit Court of the United States
for the districts aforesaid, on file with the
clerks of said courts respectively at Tren-
ton, New Jersey, and San Francisco, Cali-
fornia.
Dated August 6th. 1904.
JAMES SMITH, JR.. Special Master,
Newark, New Jersey.
MAACK— In this city. September 13. 1904,
Cealla Maack, beloved mother of Mrs. A.
Fay and Mrs. L. Morton, a native of Ger-
many, aged f.0 years 6 months and 21 days.
- C7 Funeral and Interment private. ' -
MANNIX— In this city. September 14. 1804.
Patrick Mannlx. a native of Ireland, ased
60 years. A member of the Bricklayers'
Association.
K7Nctlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at th«\ parlors of Monahan, O'Hara & Co.,
2339-41 Mission street, near Nineteenth.
MILLAR— In this city, September 14. 1904,
- James Duncan Millar, a native of Klnkar-
dine. Scotland. ' aced tiO years 3 months and
-.1 days. (Oakland papers pleass copy.)
-E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),* at 10 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 915 Lcavenworth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
NICHOLS— In this city, September 14, 1904.
L. II. Nichols, brother of the late G. B.
Nichols and A. J. Nichols of Chicago and
John Nichols of Sharon. Wls.. a native of
Venr.ont, aged Cl years 1 month and 5 days*.
{T7FrieRd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tf> attend the funeral to-day
• (Friday), at 9:30 n. m.. from ths parlors of
r Halsted & Co.. 9-HJ- Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
O'DWTER— In this city, September 14, 1904,
AnBIe J. O'Dwyer, beloved sister of Mrs.
Margaret O' Sullivan, a native of St. Johns.
Newfoundland.
C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 a. m., from the residence of
her sister, 661 Shotwell street, thence to the
Church of " St. Charles Borromeo, where a
rolemn requiem high mass will b« celebrated
for ' the repose of her soul, commencing at
9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Please omit flowers.
ROSE PEREIRA — In San Pablo, Sept 14. 1904
Frank Rose Pereira, beloved husband of Mary
R. Rose Pereira and father of Joseph Rose,
Manuel Rose. An tono, Rose, Frank Rose, Er-
neet-Rose. Chris Rose and Annie P. Pereira.
a native of Portugal, aged 77 years.
IT7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from his
late residence, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commnclng at 10
' o'clock. Interment. St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
SICHEL— In this city. September 15, 1904,
- Fannie Slchel. beloved wife of Max Sichel,
and mother of Mrs.- H.' Ben, - Mrs. Emma
• Kullmann ¦¦ » and Albert, Gustave. Henry,
Arthur and Leo Sichc!, a native of Bergen,
Hessen. Germany, aged 72 years 5 months
and IS days. (New York papers please copy.)
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
: September 13, at 10 a. m., from her late
residence. 2311 Sacramento street.
TABOAS— In •this city. September 14. 1904.
Dlonisio. beloved ; husband of Margaret
' : Taboas. and father of Anita Taboas. and
brother ¦ of , Mrs. Josephine ; Seberg and Mrs.
James D. Murray, a native of Monterey.
* Cal.. aged 42 years..
: E^The ' funeral will take ; place ' from St.
Mary's - Church ., (Pan list), corner ; California
and. Dupont streets, .at 10:30 a." m.; Friday,
~ September - 16. .where a solemn requiem high
mass. will be said for, the repose of his soul.;
Interment Holy Cross C«iastsrjr, fi*aa»ia*
westwardly and along the northerly Hnel
of Twentieth Streeftwo hundred (200) feet
to Louisiana Street; theftce northwardly
and along the easterly line of Louisiana
Street four hundred (400) feet to the point
of commencement; being all , of Potrero
Nuevo Block Number Four Hundred and
Eighty-one (481). •
. S. Commencing at the southeasterly cor-
ner of Eighteenth and Louisiana Streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Eighteenth Street two
hundred (2C0) feet to Maryland Street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly, line of Maryland Street four hundred
(400) feet to Nineteenth Street; thence
westwardly and along the northerly line
of Nineteenth Street two hundred (2:0)
feet to Louisiana Street; thence north-
wardly and along the easterly Hn6 of
Louisiana Street four hundred (4iX>) feet to
the point of commencement; being all of
Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four Hun-
dred and Eighty-two (4S2).
9. Commencing at the southeasterly
corner . of Maryland and ¦ Eighteenth
streets, running thence eastwardly and
along the southerly line of Eighteenth
street. two hundred (200) feet to Delaware
street; thence southwardly and along the
westerly line of Delaware street four
hundred (400) feet to Nineteenth street;
thence westwardly and along the north-
erly line of Nineteenth street two hun-
dred (200) feet to Maryland street; thence
northwardly and along the easterly, line
of Maryland street four hundred (400) feet
to the point of commencement; being all
of Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four
Hundred and Eighty-five (4S5).
10. Commencing at the southeasterly
corner of Michigan and Twentieth streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Twentieth street two
hundred (200) feet to Georgia street;
thence southwardly and along the wester-
ly line of Georgia street four hundred
(400) feet; thence at a right angle west-
wardly and parallel with Twentieth street
two hundred (200) feet to Michigan
street; thence northwardly and along the
easterly line of Michigan street four
hundred (400) feet to the point of com-
mencement: being all of Potrero Nuevo
Block Number Four Hundred and Forty-
six (446).
11. Commencing at the southeasterly
corner of Georgia and Twentieth streets;
running thence eastwardly and along the
southerly line of Twentieth street two
hundred (200) feet to Louisiana street;
thence and along the west-
erly line of Louisiana street one hundred
and thirty-one (131) feet and eight (8)
Inches: thence at a right angle westward-
ly and parallel with Twentieth street
ninety-five (95) feet and three and one-
half (3%) inches: thence south ff}i degrees
west two hundred and forty-six (246)
feet and one-fourth (%) of an inch
to a point flfty-six (56) feet and
eight and one-half (S}£) inches
eastwardly from the eastwardly line
of Georgia street; thence southwardly
twenty-seven (27) feet and seven (7)
inches to a point distant flf ty-two> (52)
feet easterly from the easterly line of
Georgia street: thence westwardly and
parallel with Twentieth street fifty-two
(52) feet to Georgia street; thence north-
wardly and along the. easterly line of
Georgia street four hundred (400) feet to
the point of commencement: being a por-
tion of Portrero Nuevo Block Number
Four Hundred and Sixty-one (461).
12. Commencing at a point on the* west-
erly line of Georgia street, distant thereon
two hundred and twenty (220) feet north-
wardly from the northerly line of Twenty-
second street; running thence westwardly
and at a right angle to Georgia street on<*
hundred (100) feet; thence at a right angle
northwardly five (5) feet and six and one-'
¦half (6>4) inches; thence westwardly one
hundred (100) feet, more or less, to the
easterly line of Michigan street at a point
distant thereon two hundred and twenty-
six (226) feet and five and five-eighths
(5%) inches northwardly from the north-
erly line of Twenty-second street; thence
northwardly and along the easterly^Jine
of Michigan street, one humrired-^and
seventy-three (173) feet and six and three-
eighths (6%) inches; thence at a r'.?ht
angle eastwardly and parallel with Twen-
ty-second street two hundred (200) feat to
Georgia street; thence southwardly and
along the westerly line- of Georgia street
one hundred and eighty (180) feet to the
point«>of commencement; being a portion
of Potrero Nuevo Block Number Four
Hundred and Forty-five (445).
(b) The buildings, • structures, erections
and constructions placed thereon with
their fixtures. .
(c) All windlasses, capstans, tackle,
docks, engines, furnaces, boilers, ma-
chinery, shafting', belting, pulleys, dy-
namos, dyes, patterns, drawings, tools,
furniture, fixtures, appliances, implements
and appurtenances of every kind and
•character situate, lying or being In. on or
about the said yards, docks, premises
and property described in clauses (a) and
(b) hereof, and used or provided for use In
and about the operation of said plant and
property and the carrying on of thi
business of the United State* Sh'pbui'd-
ing Company In the same, it being the
intention | that said yards, do:ks, prem-
ises and property, should be conveyed as
an active, going v and operating manu-
facturing plant.
SECOND PARCEL.
All the raw material, steel. Iron, lum-
ber, fuel, oil. supplies, goods, wares, mer-
chandise and products belonging to the
United States Shipbuilding Company, and
tormerly owned by the Union Iron Works,
whether ! manufactured or in process of
manufacture, and all other tangible per-
sonal property, goods and chattels, of any
and every kind, name or nature, which
may be upon the premises last above de-
scribed, and which the United States
Shipbuilding Company acquired from said
Union Iron Works. • • • ?:
As provided by said decrees, the said
premises and property will bs sold free
and clear of all liens and claims of every
description, without valuation, appraise-
ment, redemption or extension.
The special master will offpr for sale
separately in one parcel all that portion
of the mortgaged real estate and appur-
tenances herfiinabov« described' as the
FIRST PABRCEL. In making such sale
the special master will, pursuant to the
directions of said decrees, accept no bid
for the property so to be offered for sale
from any bidder for a sum less than Jl.-
400,000, nor from any bidder who shall not
(Friday), at 7:45 a. m], from the parlors of
Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church. Tenth street, near Howard, whera
a requiem hisrh mass will be celebrated for
the repos9 of his soul, commencing at 8 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURGESS — In this city. September 14. 1904.
: Michael Burcess, beloved brother of Mrs. J.
Welsh and the late John Burgess, a native
of County Limerick. Ireland, aged 65 years.
E7"Frl*nds and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday). > at 8:30 a. m.. from the residence
of his sister. 37 Hardy street, thence to
: .Mission ' Dolores Churcn, -waere a requiem
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of ' hla
soul, commencing at 0 a. m; Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Please
omit flowers."
CASSEL— In this city. September 14. 1904.
Leopold Cassel. beloved husband of Hannah
Cassel. and belovtd father of Mrs. J. Kragcn
and Antoinette Cassel. and , brother of Mrs.
¦v J.i: Wadeles, -Mrs. " Ottenheimer and Mrs.
J. Baer of Chicago, 111.", a native of.Maintz,
Germany, aged, 68 years and C months.
CODY— In this city. September 13. 1904, John
Cody, a native : of County ¦ Waterf ord, ; Ire-
land,* aged 72 years.
C3"The funeral will tane place to-day
, at 2 p. • m., from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission
1 street, between Seventh and EUrhth, thence
to St. ¦ Patrick's Church, "where services will
be held. Interment Holy Cross . Cemetery,
by 3:30:p.m. train from Third and Town-
send streets.
DOOLIN— In this city, September 14, 1904.
Mary Doolin sister of Mrs. J. O'Connor and
the late Mrs. J. Daley, and aunt of Eugene
O'Connor and Mrs. J. Watson of San Ra-
fael, n.' native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
. C7 The : funeral ¦ • will take • place to-day
. (Friday) at 9 a: m., from the residence of
her nephew," Eugene O'Connor, 143 Highland
avenue, thence to St. •¦ John's Church, where
a requiem ¦ high mass ¦ will be celebrated for
the reoose ' of. her eoul, commencinsr at 9:30
; a. ro/; Interment Holy , Cross Cemetery.
Please ¦ omit .; flowers.
DUNN— In this city. September ; 15, 1904, at
> his residence,' 1830»4 Bush street, John, be-
loved husband of Katie Dunn (nee McEntee).
and father of Joseph, Sallie and the late May
V. -, Dunn, a native of County Kildare, Ire-
: land, aged 55 years and 20 itvn YKfjPRimWm
-..-*>> IC7 Friends and acquaintances 1 , are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow"
¦ ' ¦ (Saturday), ' at 9 ? a. : m.,* . from the . funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-226 McAllister
: '¦• street/- thence to St.', Mary's Cathedral,' where
" a ; solemn 5 requiem . mass : will . be celebrated ¦
-"" for ' the 1 repose of his soul, commencing: at
¦0:30 a.'; m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLMES— In - the City ; and County Hospital,
September 15, 1904, Daniel Holmes, a native
of Virginia;; aged 21 years. , : *
HURSON— A 'solemn "requiem 'anniversary mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of the soul !
of : the : late '. Ellen Hurson ¦: to-morrow . (Satur- "
day), -at 9a.,:m.V at St. .Joseph's Church.
. Friends '. and r acquaintances •' are : respectfully
.\; Invited -• to ; attend. ¦ • •.; .71 % ."; ,. ;
KAHER— In ¦? this -* city. September ; IB, 1904,
Ignatius, •-. beloved ? son ; of » Patrick and ?the
" - late ? May t Kaher, 1 and '¦¦ brother - of the late ¦
- Oilnda and Daniel Kaher,' and beloved grand-
eon of Joseph M. and Olinda Davis, a -native
of San Francisco, aged • yeva 1 month and
v -l^daj©::; ;,v; ,-.., . -;.;.; ¦;-.;- ; ,- ;; ;; j : - J
at parlors of N. Gray & Ca. S33 Sutter
WAGNER— In this city. September 15. 1904.
Edward Carl Wagner, a native of Germany.
aged 44 years 7 months and 16 days.
WEBER— In this city. September 15. 1904.
Eugene R. Weber beloved brother of Meta
Liebe, and undo of Kdward P. Weber, a
native of Switzerland, ared 5"i years.
WYATT — In this city. September 14. 1DO4.
Charles Henry Wyatt, son of Mrs. S. Wyatt.
and brother of Evelyn S. and Albert J.
t^-Thc funeral to-day (Friday), at 10:3?)
a ro from the family residence. 2COo»j
Larlcin utreet. near Lombard. Interment
private. ,Poultry and Game}
WHEAT— Receipts,. 1000 7 bushel*; sales'
4,300,000 futures. -Spot, firm; No. 2 red $1 21
f . o. b. afloat: No. -1 Northern Duluth. SI 31^
o. b. . afloat; • No. 1 bard Manitoba, nominal f*
o. b. afloat. Options easy through the Influence
of a better , weather map and foreign selling
but went considerably . above yesterday* ¦ close
oa later reports of. snow, in Manitoba, causing
a scare of shorts. The close was unsettled at
NEW YORK. Sept. 15.— FLOUR— Receipt*
15.250 barrels: export*. 14,100; sales. 6700*
Market only fairly active, owing to unsettled
wheat situation.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Sept 15.— It t* difficult to
apply acy Dew* that. came to hand to-day a*
a motive for the active operations which again
fiistlnpulehed the trading at the Stock Ex
change aad for the mixed movement of prices.
Tbe market •tarted upward with a comprehen
srre *weeo that sujxested a continuation cf
yerterday'e moieajeat, but it became «potty
and irregular acraln ia the later tradiag. The
preat taldar was eo ceaeral a* to «ugge*t
•cais tip* j>arpo«e of oepport la the n»rv-<"g op
of toifked stocks here and there la the list.
•The advances were not calculated to laspire
««deao* aad added to th* suspicion of a nctl-
BAGS — Grain Bags. $5 15£5 25: San Quen
tin. $1 75; Wool Bags, 30g02c; Fleece Twine.
7%c< Fruit Bars. e%@7%c for white and 7c
for. brown Jute. :. ; : •• r %.,...¦¦¦-.
COA1*— Wellington. $8 ner ton: New Wel
lington. $8: . Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $S 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50: Rtislyn, $7: Coo* Bay,
$5 60; Richmond. . $7 50: Cumberland. $13 la
bulk r and ¦ $14 25 in sacks : - Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, - $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; CanneL $9 per ton; Coke.
$11 CO® 13 per ton in bulk, and $15 ln» sacks;
Rocky Mountain descriptions. 18 60 per short
ton. • BpirqraiwTliigjrjrffliiw jsiiajpjii) uU Ti l *A»yBp»
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
General Merchandise.
New York Stock Market.
Spot was quiet, 10 points decline. Middling
uplands, 10.90c: do gulf, 11.15c. Sates, 210
bales.*. -...',- ¦ ' : ¦ * ¦
NEW YORK. Sept. 15. — Cotton future*
opened steady. September, 10.60c; October
10.43c; November, 10.48c; Decemb*r, 10 52c-
January. 10.51c; February,, 10.65c; March
10.63c; May, 10.69c. . .'.
Future* cloeed steady. September. 10.51e-
November, 10.39c: December, 10.42c;- January
10.44c; February. 10.42c; March. 10.63c; April'
10.64c; May. 10.65c. . .- v '
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Sect. 15. — C3o*e — Money on
c*H. steady. 1Q2 per cent; clojinjr bid. 1 per
cent; offered at 1% per cent Time loan*.
steady, sixty and ninety days, 3 per c-saf six
month*. 3%©i% per ceau
Prime raercaame paper. 4S'4% per cent.
Sterling exchange, easy.- with aetnal business
ia bankers' bin* at $4.8670^4.8675 for demand
and at $4.842004.81:3 for eixtj'-day billsT^^
Posted rates. $4 85% to $4 87%94 88
Commercial bills, $4 81%64 S4%.
Bar dlTer. Sefcc. .
Mexican dollars, 4S%e.
Bond*— Government, steady; railroad, firm.
New York Money Market.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I , Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s 98% — SPCRfa..- 10O
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S P Co 4Us.lCO% —
Cal N R 5s. — 112% Sun T&T 6s. — 115
M C Wat 59.100 — Do 5s ..104 —
Rlsdn IW 5s — 105 Sutter-st 59..1O4 - , —
SF Drydk 5s — — URR of SF4s 85 88
SF A NP 59.112 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. .
Bid.Ask. . - Bid. Ask.
Ala SCo... 27 2$%lLon-S F Bk.. — «>,
Am Biscuit. — 90- Mat N'av Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — MUls Ntl Bk — —
CG A E Corp 45 50 Nev Ntl Bk.lM —
Cal Jock CL119 — N S R R.-., 9% •— „
Cal PwdT Co — - 150 N C P C — »»i
Cal Ship Co. — 25 Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal T I A T — 155 Oak T Co 75 .
Cen Bk Oak - 65 IOOP Hall A «% -
Chutes Co... — «% Orpnej™ 0 t z:
City A C Bk — -120 P C Cas Co.125 —
Cy^Lnlmp— 6% Pac Srty Co.105 —
East Dynnj..3«>- — Paraf Paint.. 39 —
DuP Pdr Dfd 75 • . 8O S F Drydocfc 60> - j— . '.
-T — 50 ' SF A SJ Coal 17% 20
FN Bk Oak.120 — IS J Water.;. 108% —
Fischer Thtr 40o 63c JS XWkTgbt C.125 —
Frnch-X Bk.108 — I Swiss- A Bnk.115 —
Unlisted. Securities.
WASHINGTON. PwL 15.— To-day'* state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold- re
serve In the division of redemption show«*
Available cash balance, $149,967,842; gold $58~1
260.970. J . . * :
Condition of the Treasury.
VEGETABLES — Green* Com/ B0c®$l 25 per
sack or crate; String Beanp. l%«2c per lb;
Wax Beans, 1%®2%C per !b; Lima* Beans. 29
2%c per lb: Tomatoes,- 25®40c per box: Summer
Squash. 25(335c per box; Cabbage, 75c per ctl;
Carrots, : 76c per sack; Cucumbers. 25S40c per
box; Pickle Cucumbers, 50c@$l 25 per box; Gar
lic. 4%c per lb; Egg Plant. 25@40c per /box;
Dried Peppern. - nominal; Green j Okra.* 30@40c
•per box: Green Peppers. 25©40c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15©20 per ton.
Previous prices ruled for all kinds of Pota
toes and market conditions showed no change,
receipts being just . about sufficient to satisfy
the demand. Onions ruled weak . and come
dealers we&L expecting a lower range of prices.
! Freah receipts of vegetables, from Stockton
and the bay districts came to hand late but
there was no scarcity of supplies, as' the
carry-over, from • the* preceding day was large.
Tomatoe* were : easier and ; the bulk 1 of -the
day's receipts were still unsold ; at the close.
Pickle Cucumbers and Summer Squash were
a little higher, but otherwise there was noth
ing new rto report. «
- POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 50$
75o pez ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1@1 30 per ctl;
Early ¦ Roac. nominal; Garnet Chiles, 75"&S5e;
Sweet Potatoes, $1@1 15 per ctl. • •
ONIONS— $1@1 20 per eti: : v , - .
Potatoes, Onions a nd Vegetables.
- The -following quotations are for rood, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers, 7%@7%c: Cows and Heif
ers, &%&6%c: thin Cows. 4£5c per lb. -
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©3%c; Ewes. 3S3&O
oer lb <gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50©2 75 per head. .
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 45»c;
200"to 250 lbs. 4%c: 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over -250 lbs, 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted:
Sows. 20 Der cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off
and Stares, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. ¦ .-.;-,
I Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 5%©7c for Steers and 485c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL-tLarre. 76Sc; small. 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 787%c; Ewes. 6©7o
per lb. .- , .
LAMB — 8%09c perlb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6®Sc» per lb.
. . LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The situation ' remains the same as previous
ly stated.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2 5-16^2% per cent and for throe
months* bills is 2% ©2% per cent.
Con for money. 88 7-161 New York Cen.. 129
Con for account.. SS%! Norfolk A West.. 71
Anaconda 4%|Dopfd w
Atchison 85%! Ontario A West.. 34%
Do pfd 101U Pennsylvania .... 67%
Bait A Ohio 91% Rand Mines lOtt
Canadian Paciflc.130 Reading i 34*4
Ches A Ohio 44% Do 1st pfd...." 44
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2d pfd.... S9
Chi. M A St P.. 163 Southern Ry 35
De Beers 1&% Do pfd.... .. Ogu
Den A Rio G.... 29 I Southern Pacific.. 68^4
Do pfd 82% Union Paclfle 102
Erie 33% Do pfd S5«
Do 1st pfd 70% U S Steel.. nil
Do 2d pfd.... ..48% Do pfd en»4
Illinois Central. .142% Wabash .....". 22
Louis A Nash.... 126 I Do pfd 44
M. K A T........ 25%|Spanish 4s........ 87%
Bar silver, firm.' 26 3-16d ijer ounce
Money. 1%@1% per ceqnt.
London Closing Stocks.
Bran continues to come In liberally from
the North, receipts from Washington yester
day being 7270 sacks. Unoer ihis influx the
market continues weak, but there is no further
decline. The situation In Hay remains pre
cisely as before stated.
BRAN— $20©21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-— $24&2S per ton.
SHORTS — $20#21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23023 50 per
ton- Oilcake Meat at the mill, $31 MQ3Z 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake. $22S23: Corn
Meal, $30 60@31 60; .Cracked Corn, $31^32,
Mixed Feed, *22M22 50; Horse Beans, $30@40
per ton: Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $8612 SO. with $13@13 50 for
extra fine: Wheat and Oat. $8611: Oat. $7 50®
10 60: Barley and Oat. *7(g9: Volunteer Wild
Oat $0 5008 50; stable. $T^8 50: stock. $b@7;
Clover. $7 5039 50; Alfalfa. $7@1U6O per ton.
STRAW — 35®57%c per bale. . - „
Beans and Seeds.
Sales of new Beans are being made every
day but as the consignments are generally
very- dirty and have to be recleaned the price*
at which they sell on the wharf are consider
ably below those which they bring after clean
ing. Thus. Large Whites were quoted yester
day at $2 25@2 40. while . uncleaned were of
fered on the wharf at $2. Limas rule firm at
$4 which is 20c below, the parity: of the ask
ing prices in the southern producing districts.
BEANS— Bavos. $2 35®2 60; Pea, $3&3 25;
Butters $2 75&3; small White, $2 90@3 10;
large White, $2 23S2 40; Pink. $2 75©3 25;
Red, $4; Lima $3 95®4; Red Kidneys, $4 25;
Blackpyes. $2 40®2 50 per ctl ; Horse Beans,
$2 25. ¦' . ¦ - . ¦ ¦.¦¦-¦•¦¦. ¦¦-
SEEDS — Brown -Mustard, nominal; . Yellow
Mustard $3 25: Flax. $1 90@2 25; Canary. 6%
C7c; Alfalfa. 15©15%c: Rape. !%@2%c; Timo
thy, 5r*c; Hemo, 3%@3%c per lb; Millet, 2%
©3%c- Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nlles. $2@2 25; new Gteen
Peas, $2©2 25 per ctL . .
j Chicago.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15. — CATTLB — Receipts,
10,000 head, including 500 Texan* and 2000
Western; market steady. Good to pilme
steers, $3 25@G 25; stockers and feeders, $2 50
Q3 75; .cows. $1 2."»<*?4 50;. heifers, $2#4 75
canners. $1 25©2; bulls, $2@4 10; calves $3©
6 75; Texas fed steers. $4 60@>S 50; Western
steers.- $3@4 .75. . .
HOGS — Receipts, 17,000 - head. Mixed and
butchers. $5 10® « 10; good to choice heavy,
$3 50@ft; rough heavy. $4 90Q'5 45; light, $5 40
@6 07%; bulk of sales, $5 5XX&5 80.
SHEEP — Receipts. 20,000 head; the market
for sheep and lambs was lower. Good to
choice wethers,' $3 &0&4 25: fair to choice
mix#i, $3S>3 50; Western sheep, $3@4; naUrs
lamBs. ?3@6 20; Western Lambs, $4®5 50. v
' ;0niaha:
OMAHA. Sept. 15. — CATTLE — Receipt*
6500 head; market steady. Native Bteers, $4® 6;
cows and heifers, $2 25@3 75; Western steers
$3@4 60; Texas steers, $2 75@3 75; range cows
and heifers.'i2 2563 50; canners. $1 50®2 60;
stockeru and feeders, $2 5O&4; calves, $3@5 50
bulls and stags. $1 75@3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 7000 held; market a shade
lower. Heavy. $5 40®5 00: mixed, $5 50@5 60;
light, $5 60®5 75; pigs, $4 75®5 35; bulk of
¦ales, $5 50(85 65. . - •
! SHEEP — Receipts, 1200 head; market steady
W lower. • -Western ; yearlings. $3 6504 45;
wethers, $3 40@3 76; ewes, 1 $3(&3 65; common
and stockers, $2 5O®>3 75; lambs, $4 5O©5 50.
Kansas City.
, KANSAS CITY. Sept. 15. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts,-. 1000 head," including 1200 Southerns;
market steady. Native steers. $4@6 10; South
ern steers, $2 5O@3 75; Southern cows. $1 50@
3 «30; native cows and •heifer*. |l 60^4 75;
stockers and feeders, $.2 2.Vg4; bulls, -$1 75®
4 M>; calves, $2 60(g« 60; Western steers, $34&
4 150- Western cows. $1 50©3 25. , T
HOGS— Receipts, 6000 head; market strong
to ; 60 higher. Bulk of . eales, »5 63@5 75;
heavy, $5 «5<S5 70; f packers, $5 35@5 75; pigs
and lights, $5 60©6 75.
8HEI3P— Receipts, 3000 head; market steady.
Muttons, $3 2864,00: lambs, $4 25@fi 60; range
wethers, $3 40@-4; ewes, $2 25(&3 50. '
Miscellaneous 3Tarkets.
CATTLE. SHEEP AXD HOGS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %61c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 8c: light, 8%c: Cow
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light-
Stags, 6%c; Ealted Kip, 9%c: Salted V e al, 10c :
Salted Calf, lie: dry Hide?. 16%c: dry Kip
13c; dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25a
409 each: short Wool, 4O#65c each; medium,
75®9Oc; long Wool. $1®1 50; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $232 50 for medium
$1 25® 1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Hcrso
Hides, dry. fl 75 for large, and $1 60 for me
dium. $101 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American, 30e. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. - 75c ; extra large do,
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 4©4%c per Ih.;
No. 2. 3%c: graded, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. S*@llc; Southern. 8@9c: Southern Moun
tain. Sgllc: Middle Counties, free, 12014c;
do, defective, 10@12c; Northern free. 12@14c;
do. defective. 10912c; Humboldt and Mendo
dno. 14@15c per lb. ¦ : '
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25628c per Ih.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO, Sept. 15.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady:
creumcry, 14$lS%c; dairy, 12%@16e. Eggs
were firm at murk, eases Included, 14®17ijc.
Cheos* was firm at 8®»c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Hay and Feedstuff si
*r*S* J»«w TurtL drrtiimr of Herrry CUn sayat
~Ab tat t^c*a coscaioilty prices, the tendency
¦ ttmummri, ccoepc when tpeeslatlT* opera
tJoea tarsi !tu>*. t» in the case of cotton and
Vacrtt. Bet fcer«, too. th* (Mft In th* long
rca \* cwajr Crora th* excessively high prices
wtieb L*t-» pr»valled. Lower prices are need-
Ad, not enfir to ctisulata exports, but to re
<us« oarj ot production and lessen the ooct
of ttvtBK. Qpecclaxton is reeponeibl* for mort
of Cv* h'.gti price* of lata, and a lower lerel
ta x»t ax aU fg«corapar.M* with good proau
t* th* tan&CTB. Tb* deelis* la ste«l prodocti
la a- atari-art advuitac* to bota prodoccrs and
WiiiTim. •S&a* prtoe* had readied a pro
t^btttv* l«w«l. aod M ta* n«w Sgnr** th* ia-
Ccgtrr ta grar.raJ win b«.v» aa opparceaixx of
trcriij to a zaor* nomnl ba>:«.
**Tb* taedeacy of ocr fondrn trade is on*
of th* taost uaftatUfactcry featcre* In the
•aSJr* drsaxlaa. EU^or'-s asd unp-rrt* have,
bats d*c:r.«"i. tt« fonaer with the greater
nst£tar. }i!rh prices were ence again th*
eMef ff?*?Va:*tr. thocfh ahort crop* wire to
•oca* W!«at aa inwitabl* caum. Had it not
¦ *«a tor rery b*av7 «xporta of eopi>er. a con
*2Atn2>lm tncreas* !a petroiresi shlptaenu and
*. wt eecocrrngtag and sirt^ficaat «xp«£«ion
of tXfionM of saasnlacuuvs. th* balaac* of
trad* v*t!ca w» ar* acct»UKard to watch *o
clas«!7 wvuld fcave raad* a z&uch worse ex*
hfbit. Our inrports have also been falling t.g
cli'.ffa.-Ttly b*ea.ua* of trade reaction her*. cans-
Ing aa !s:portaat Bhri&kag* in national rev
*sb» wtlca cannot b« hghUy Ignored. At th*
p?»»c=t rat* of Ion* la customs there will ba a
deficit cf 140,000.000 or more if continued dur
'.: f •: • fiscai year, or caleas ther* is a de
cided ccnailra*r.t in national expenditures.
Faciror a deflcit rate that the gold eianiard
U estabHehed Is a much less serious matter
than when we were fadcg a diver crisis; but
it ts »orth wau-fc!ng.
"In epert:!atloa there is an undertone of
fnpSJeace whica gains perceptibly each week.
This is rtown Uy the fUrady absorption of
bond* and better claes investments. The im
provement Ja top prade securities will Inevi
tably cxmrsd to those lower down in the list.
«nd better g:*tl» raiij^oa-i shares seem destined
for *tlU higher prices. While railroad earnings
may not lOHMdlatcty surpass former record*.
the best manacred axd best equipped roads are
tn a porition to eSTect important econodies «- r " <
thus n.»:r/3.:n dl\-.d<-nds."
Stocks and Cotton.
\Stret from New Vork to E. F. Hutton &
Co. yesterday e»id: STOCKS — The market is
*<-rtn« a little more hesitatingly and as If there
murist b* two tides lor a time. The ownership
la* not been improved by the active trading of
the j>ast tmo da>-». A rood many stocks have
<!rifu.d into the har.de of those who trade with
•top orders back of th«n. The advance has
made a creat niary attractive profits which the
trader* trJU toe r!ad to take. Quite a number
• f «ocks with no merit in them have beea
freely J-ocght and advanced. *o that while we
• r* tun o! the view that the market has not
r» ached its top point yet we are also of the
%"iew that eharp reactions may easily take
•place. We would wait for the reactions.
COTTON— The very heavy rains and wind
norm* which swept up the Atlantic Coast yes
terday and continued on to New England pros
trated the service to-day and thU interfered
vuh bum:»*-9s to euch an extent that it localized
t!:e n-.arket. The wires were not only down all
through the Atlantic Coast region, but no di
rect tameet&OB was had with Mf-sn hi« until
lat* in the afternoon. With the market thus in
the liands of locaJ professionals and the ma
jority cf them bearish, it was not surprising
that qu<>tat;ons should have experienced such
• reaettccAry movement from the recent ad
vancing teii!Jency, especially zm some of the
lair* cr«rators w*r* inclined to take their
profit* In v.ew of the fact that the market had
risea nearly 40 points nine* the opening of the
PMfc
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
Th* r*port of Edward A. Beals. eection di
rector. United States Weather Bureau, for
tb* Or*goa Crop Bulletin for th* week ended
S«pi«rber 13. Is as follow*:
The pact week wa* dry. with temperature
stligiitiy below th* seasonal average. A light
fchower occarred la the lower portion of th*
tVUiaznesta Valley end jn the northern coact
wxzxlt* Tscrs£ay, but th* amount was lnsuf-
Sdect to do any good. Threshing is about
o-Mnpleted. except ta the Grand Ronde Valley.
Th* yleid la Weatera Oregon continue light.
•c-hn* la the Columbia River Valley they are
•xceUeat. Hop picking. ib progressing rapidly.
aad will be ooc^leted in about a week or tea
<Ul>-s; th* yleM coatian** below the average.
but the cardlty U good. Some fall plowing
b*a b*ea doa* !a the WTHamect* Valley and
•mnl fields of fall grain have been iowa.
la th* Colsx=bla RlT<er Valley work ca sum
•BMrfalltrw Is progreasiag nioely.
Oga ooeanaea,la fairly good coaditioa. and
¦oca* c^T.'Tvg. mostly for feeding purposes ha*
•e*a done in Southern Oregon. Pastures are
»try dry aod afford UtUe feed for stock.
ACS*** continue to drop, but ther* Is *nfa
cteat trait *ti*J on th* trees to lasure abundant
riald*. Prunes ar* ripeaiag aad dryinr will
oof 11 mtmn* nm -w**k; th* yi*id will b*b«iow
arerare- Pea-eh** aad blackberrte* are plentl
gT^^ar* dola, poorty. a u«bt
Wms Exports in August.
Tb* toOgrwteg sfecrw* th* expert* of wia*
Zkb Baa Faa&ctao by s*a ia August. 1904*
•n>- °^ ems - C* 8^ Values.
Vtrw Tork t .^ 272.77S ... $S3 31Q
Ea,w»Uan TiCmcS* .. 4».fifil - ~1C*
2»Mtl 4,14» ... l^asa
Osatral JLmestem. ». 7,070 149 - 4.167
5?:°**^ —- «• i.a« ... wto
OnlnmMa .......^ . 2.030. mmm e»a
Bccador .^.. ftSO ... 425
Brtttah Cbhuatda,... 1.511 4 rcA
Cbina. .-.*. f^.. 4,272 1 1.874
£2 mJt L-'Al'—' *— — ¦ 8 - TW 1S «.««
Bart talie* , S70 3 1&4
Oenaaay -..-^ 140 2 fi3
Totmhi 3S9.T99 817 $120,900
Ia Anfust. 1903. the export* were 490,739
gallons aad 453 cases, valued at SlftS.644. In
that moath S3S.2S2 gallon* went t« New Tork.
Eaciand took 8.100 (railons and 89.049 gallons
and 114 cases were *ent to the Hawaiian
Money — | U S Steel pfd.:.. 67%
Call loans . .. .2%g3%i Wei«t'hou*e com.. 81
Time loans 4@5! Mining — ¦
Bonds— lAHouez 13%
Atchison adj 4s.. 95 I Amalgamated 57%
Do 4s 101%|Amer Zlno 11 '
Mexican Cen 4s.. 64%] Atlantic 13%
Railroads — m - iBlngham 27%
Atchisoa 81%tCalumet A Hecla.520
Do pfd 98% Centennial 27
Boston & Albany.250 Copper Range.... 58%
Boston A Maine.. 103 Dominion Coal.... 59%
Boston Elevated . . 153 Franklin 8%
Mexican Central. 14%|Grancy 2^4
N. Y. NH A H.192%|Isle Royale 18
Pere Marquette... 74 [Mass Mining 3%
Union Pacific 98% Michigan «%
Am Arge Chem.. 14%! Mohawk 46
Do pfd 80%! Mont Coal Coke.. 5*i
Am Pneu Tube... 5 Old Dominion 15'
Amer Sugar 131%|Osceola 79U
Do pfd 132% Parrot . 25
Am Tel A Tel. .138%! Qulncy 9114
Amer Woolen.... 14 | Shannon 4ii
Do pfd 82%!Tamarack .......117
Dominion IAS.. 11 (Trinity ...'. 7 .«
Ed Elec Ilium. .258 lUS Mining ..um
General Electric. 171 U S Oil n*-i
Main Electric 12% Utah 40?]
United Fruit 106 Victoria 4%
United Shoe Macb 52 Winona " 3
Do pfd 30*41 Wolverine «•>
U S Steel..... 17%!
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
COTTOLENEr- One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%o: one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, ll%c for light medium. 14c for light
14 %c lor extra light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides. 10%c; Bellies, ll%c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%c: Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per
bbl: extra Mesa. *llfcll 50; Family. J12312 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear $24-
Mess. $18; Dry Salt«d Pork, 10%c; Pig' Pork
$26; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef. 14c per lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half -barrels,
pure, 9»4c; 10-lb tins, 10%c; 5-lb tins, 10%c:
3-lb tins, 10%c.
There is nothing new to report In this mar
ket. Brokers* wires from Chicago yesterday
said: "It is the same dull and heavy market
There are plenty of bull points and bull talk
on the good demand for lard and ribs, but It
does not develop into speculative buying of
any magnitude. The tone^ of the market is
heavy and the tendency seems lower."
Provisions.
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13. — Cash quotations were,
as follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
fl 18@1 20; No. 3, $1 17®1 IS; No. 2 rtd.
fl 15%61 17%; No. 2 corn, 53%c; No 2 yel
low. 54*;05'»c; No. 2 oats. .¦Jl%031UcV No 2
white, 82%<£33*4Ci No. 3 white, 32%e>:tt%c;
No. 2 rye. 74%c; good feeding barley. 37Q39c;
fair to choice malting, 45@52c; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 17%: No. 1 Northwestern. $1 26: mesa pork,
per bbl.. $lw 75@1O 85; Lard, per ¦ 100 lbs,
$76.7 02% ; short ribs sides (loose), $7 2z&
7 37%; dry salfd shoulders (boxed), $«t 25#
8 50; short clear sides (boxed), $1 2S; clover,
contract grade, $11 70@ll 80.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ......... 20,500 7,700
Wheat, bushels 159,000 CO 100
Corn. : bushels 548,300 312 SCO
Oats. bUFhels 194,300 112,100
Rye-, bushels 12.000 . 2,300
Barley, bushels 08,900 tt.000
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 S0^
S 10. usual terms: Bakers* Extras, $4 7033;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 85@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, (3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. S3; ltye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour.
17: Corn Meal.. (2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oet Meal. $¦*> 75; Oat Groats, $4; Hominy,
$3 f.0fi3 S5; Buckwheat Flour. $4; Crack;d
Wheat $.1 50; Farina. $3 75; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 00: Rolled Oats. bbU. $8 50@7 50; In
tacks. $1 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
tious nsture tor some of the movement. The
continued advance of Pennsylvania and the
United States £ltcl_fctocks was the most influ
ential factor in shaping sentiment on the gen
eral rr.arkrt. and w&s fairly effective In sup
porting the level of prices in the face of profit
takicg in tome of the stocks which have made
previous Vrtklnx advances. Aside from re
ports t.t a crowing exnanston in the needs of
«te«l eroducts, there was no news concerning
either Drooerty cnlesa it was the denial or a
report current yesterday of the placing of ad
ditional orders for 100,000 tons of Fte«I rails
for Harriman railroads. There were rumors
cf an important short Interest in United States
Steel stocks, which was making difficulties in
covering, and the urgent demand for those
gave plausibility to the report. Last night's
frosts were reported to have fallen as far short
of the dreaded damage to corn .as thoee of the
r.'.rbt before, but the grangers and Pacifies
were distinctly htavy after the opening. An
other source of uneasiness was the marketing
of a larce block of Colorado Fuel, which had
the asi>earance of an order to sell at the
market- price. Et. Paul was not helped by Its
annual showing of net earnings, and Srnelt
lng'c Increased earnings for the year resulted
in a decline for that stock. It was asserted
that freight traffic on. the Trunk lines was be
coming heavy- The full foreign trade state
ment for Aurust partly offset the unfavorable
UrpresKlon caused by th^showicg of exports
for domestic producets. The showing. It will
be remembered, shewed a shrinkage of $7.6S9,
292 compared with the preceding August, while
the total ex»ort» show an Increase of $6,242.-
C24, the Inference being that the discrepancy
is made up by a growth of manufacturing ex
ports. This is tuppoeed to point to increased
eteel exports.
The markirur un of the call loan rate to 2
per ctnt evidently foreshadows a further
Ehrinkage in the bank surplus, and was an
Influent in the growing weakness of the stock
market which carried the grangers and Pa
cific* and a few of the Eastern stocks a point
or more below last nieht and largely reduced
the *alns elsewhere. Bankers' lean bills also
made their appearance in the foreign exchange
market and forced down the sterling rate, sug
gesting the likely source of relief for any
marked growth in the demand for money. The
stock, market cloeed ea»y.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
$4,555,000. United States bonds were un
changed on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton lc Co., 430 California street.
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official :
quotations of that Exchange:
Sales, j Stocks— jHighiLow.( Bid.| Ask.
I Adams Express. . j 235 ;240
25,200, Amal Copper &7% 57t:
Am Can Co 4% 4^
i Do pfd , 47% 47%
1,400 Am Car A F....J 23%j 23% 23%i 23%
200, Do pfd | bis»f Sl»« SI / t>l£
3,400.Am Cotton OU..| 33% 33 32% t 33%
Do pfd I 90 94'
Urn Disi Tel. ...I ..:.. 23 25
200 Am Express ...]210 210 |211 212
iAm Grass T Co. 5 6%
;Am Hide A L..J 4% 41^
Do Pfd 20 2l'
....... -Am Ice <}«: 1
600, Do pfd 28»i 28% 28% 28%
|Am Linseed 121^ 15
I Do pfd 3l' 35 .
12,400,Am Locomotive. 28 26% *26*; 26 T i
1,3W>; Do pfd 97% 97 97' 97%
iAm Malt 4 44
I Do pfd 20 20^
«,6OW Am S & R Co. 66Ti 65% 65*; 63'
l.OOOi Do pfd 106% 107% 107% 108
16.00C.Am Sugar 132% 130% 131% 13r%
j Do pfd 131 140
jAm Tel & Tel Co 140 140%
Am Tob pfd 140 142
(Am Woolen 14 14*:
Do pfd 81 H2'
1,900' Anaconda 66% 86% &5 fr7
iAnn Arbor J 27% 30
i Do pfd 571, 60
36,700;a T & S F 83% 817^ 82 82%
2,500; Do pfd 99%. 98%, SS% 99'
9.900jBa!t & Ohio .... 89% 88 & 88% 89
Dp pfd 93 94
|Bay State Gas [ 3-I6 %
10.800.B R T ... 5t$% 54% 55% 55%
(Brook Un Gas y> 223
100;Brunswlck D & I 6% 6% 6% 6%
Butterick Co 4«u 49k
600|Canada Southern 69 68 68*4 68*4
».O00;Canadian Pacific 127% 126% ikh lZrtii
12,600;C & 0 43% 42% 42% 42%
2O0C & A 41 41 40 40%
Do pfd gi 85
C A E I pfd 170 185
|C I & L pfd 80 65
M00;C A G W 18% 16% 16% 16%
100 Do pfd A 54 55%
! Do pfd B "4 28
2.200.C & N W 189% 188 188 188%
6.S0OC M & St P... 159% 157% 157% 157»4
I Do pfd 183 185'
18,400jC R I A P (new) 29% 27% 28 28%
8.400 Do pfd 72% 71% 71*; 72
I Do 4s 7« 7su
300 Chi Terminal ... «% 6% 6% 6%
900 Do pfd 15% 15 15 wit.
2,500 Chicago Un Trac. 8 7% 7% R
Do pfd 37' 38
900 C C C A Et L.. 82% 81 SI 82
Do pfd. 109 110
Cl«»ve Lor A W 60 ...
Do pfd 70 .
2L200C F A 1 39% 33% 34% 34%
lOOCol Hock C A I. 13% 13% 13 13%
LOOO'CoIo Southern ... 17% 16% 16% 16%
9<X> Do 1st pfd 50% 49% 49% 50
.W> Do 2d pfd 25 24 24 24%
2.700 ; Con Gas 207 2O*% 204% 205
900 Con Tob Co pfd. 123% 123% 123% 123«;
7,f>00 Com Products \ . I 13% 13%
7001 Do pfd J 71 70% 70% 71
400:r>el A Hudson... 1168% 167% 167% 1B8
400-D A L W 282 2«o' 278 ' (279
I.600-D A R G 29 28% 28 28%
1.200 Do pfd. 60% 79% 80 80%
Dee M & Ft D 24 25
— I Detroit Un Ry 66 67
lOOiDetroit Southern. 2% 2% 2U 214
200| Do pfd.. 4% 4% 4% 5
.Diamond Match.. 131 132
8,600 Distilling Secur.. 29 28% 28*; 29
1 Do bonds „ 72' «72i4
100'Duluth S SA A.. -7T4 7% 7K 8
100 Do pfd......... 12*i 12% ll*i 1<»«
60.900'Erie }... 32 4 3 T% 31% 31%
6,900 Do 1st pfd... es»4 67% 67% 67^
2.300 Do 2nd pfd.... 47% 46%* 46% 46%
E * T H 58 60
I Do pfd go c 5
Ft w a dc :;.. « «
! Gen Chemical 43 55
I Do pfd 1 94 jjgiz
1,000, Gen Electric 172*4 1T2 171% 172 >4
Gt Northern pfd. ...7. ..... 170 165 ¦
Green Con Cop 15 ii 151/
Havana Tob Co 29 "911
.' I Do pfd 39 41*
'. Hocking Val si gj
1 Do pfd g7i/ $n\f
7.900'lll Central 140% 139 139 139%
4,000 Inter Paper 15% 14% 15% 16
1.300 Do pfd 74% 73% 74% 74*4
Inter Power 41 4!^
ilnter Pump 3014 32
....... .1 Do pfd 7514 7714
400 Iowa Central ... 24 23% 23% 24
Do pfd 44% 44 43% 44
Kanawha A M 34% 30.
100 K C Ft S A M pfd.J 79 79 78% 79
200JK C Southern... 25% 25% 25% 28
300 Do pfd.... 4S% 47% 47 47%
jKeokuk A D S.. ..... ..... 34 38
iLaclode Gas pfd. 80 100
100LEAW 32% 32% 31% 32
I Do pfd 85 100
200!Long Island ..:. 67% 57 56 68
83.O00L A N 125 123 124% 124%
Wi: Manhattan 157 156% 158% 157
&/J Manhattan Beach 74% 73*4 74% 74%
4.1W Hftropol S«T!ri. 82 80% 81% 81%
9.10n!Metropol 6t Ry.. 122*4 120% 121%- 121%
6,500'Mexlcan Central. 15 14% 14% 14%
400 Minn A St L.... 67 56 55 56
M A 8 L 1st pfd 94% 98
»00iM. S P A 8 8 M 73 73%
200! -Do pfd........ 130 130 129 130%
B.200M.KAT. 24% 24 24 24%
S.4O0( Tkt pfd........ 49% 48*4 <9 *0%
27.8no ! Mls*ouri Pacific. 99% 98% 98% 98%
eOOlN. C A St L.... 123 120% 121% 123
8.300 National Lead... 24% 24% 24% 24%
400 Dojifd 9« ©«. 95- 96%
L40O|K R R of M pfd 41%| 41 41 41%
There have be?n hints lately that the very
low prices for Prunes are not due to the le
gitimate law of supply and demand, but are
being published broadcast by certain Interests
who want to bear the market to serve their
private ends." Now comes the New York Jour
nal of Commerce and says In this connection:
"Telegrams received yesterday from the Coast
report that the weather in the prune producing
districts is th? hottest ever known, and its
effect upon the fruit Is to make ' it run to
smaller sizes. This may have the effect of
chocking the downward tendency of the mar
ket, which is attributed largely to the efforts
of a considerable short interest to depress
values. Commenting upon this report, a local
paper said: 'It is barely possible that the
short interest may yet be caught.' "
FRUITS — New crop — Apricots, 7?i@9*ic for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines.
5?;©7c; Peaches. 6%GS%c per lb; Pears, 6%©
12c; Plums, pitied. 6@6%c for black, 7%C8%c
for red ami 7S*>%c for yellow; Figs. 2-crown
brick*. D2%c: U-crown. 55c: 4-crawn. 65c; 6
crown. 75c: bulk white. 3%f^5%c: black. 4c
Evaporated Apples. 6%@7%c per lb.
PRUNES — l%f?l»4c per lb for tae,four sizes.
RAISINS — A?sociation f. o. b. prices Fresno
(subject to change without notice) are as fol
lows: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 3-crown,
3c; 2-crown. 2%c; Malaga, loose. 3-crowa,
2*ic: 2-crown. 2%c: seedless Sultanas. 3c;
seedless Muscatels, 2%c; Seeded Raisins, 16-oz.
cartons," fancy, 4%c; choice. 4c; 12-oz. cartons,
fancy. 3%c: choice, 3%c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softchell. 13U£l4c:
No. 2, ll%S12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13Q13%c;
No. 2, 11©11%c; Almonds. 16@17c for new
NonparellE, 14^1 i%c for I X L. 13f?14c for
Ne Plus Ultra and lie for Langnedoc; Pea
nuts, e@7c for Eastern; Pecans. llgrlSe; Co
coanuts. $4 50t?5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%«13c for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted, 5%@
6%c; light amber extracted. 5®6c; dark, ib
*y»c.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Dried Fruits } Nuts } Raisins, Honey.
TRADING FAIR XST> FBATTTRELES3 ON
ALL EXCHANGES.
There were no new features worthy of not*
on any of the exchanges yesterday. California
Wine Association sold up a little at $34. The
oil and mining stocks were quiet. Local itocits
and bonds met with a moderate demand.
Ex -dividend yesterday:
Caribou Oil Company, first drridend. 7c p«r
share, amounting to $5600; Four Oil Company,
regular monthly, lc per share, amounting to
$3000; California Gas * Electric Corporation,
regular monthly. 25c per share, amounting to
$22,846; Port Costa .Water Company, retfular
monthly, 30c per share, amounting to $1500;
Presidio Street Railway Company, regular
monthly. 20c per share, amounting to $2000:
Butte Electric and Power Company, a regular
semi-annual dividend of 1% per eent on it*
common stock; Standard Oil Company, a quar
terly dividend of $5 per share, this compares
with $S per chare for the previous quarter and
$5 for the corresponding quarter last year:
Federal Mining and Smelting Company, regu
lar quarterly dividends of l«i per cent on the
preferred stock and 1% per cent on the com
mon stock; Daly West Mining Company of
Utah, a regular monthly dividend of 40 cents.
The directors of the Wyandotte Copper Com
pany have levied an assessment cC $1 per share.
delinquent October 15.
The Western Union Telegraph Company will
pay a regular quarterly dividend ct l l » per cent
on the capital stock October 15.
The Ophir Mining Company has received
$14 592 92 from the sale of concentrates and
• $552 11 from a small bar of bullion, all result
, ing from s*cond-grade ore lately worked at th«s
Kinkead mill.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Sept. 15—3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask.! Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.. vn 107Vj4» qr cp. new,13l%132 1 i
4s qr reg 106 106%i3s qr coup... — — .
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s — — I Bid.AJik.
Assctd OU 5s 70 70%|O T Co «s..ll<» — ,
Bay CPC Ss.lOO — Do 5s 11O —
Cal C G 5s. — .103% Do con 5a, — 10.-.
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5». — «0
m & ct 5s. 81 81% Ora Cable 6s. 121 —
Cal-st C 5s.X12«i — Pac Gas *»•- »» „— „
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Ry 5s. .I05%,103% L
Ed L 4 PCs— 125 |P.,fc C H 6S.104 —
F & C H «s. — "SO ] P & O R 6s.ll4 —
Geary-st 5s.. 50 eo | Powell -st 6e. — —
H C&S 5%s. — — I Sac EGAR 5s 99%101
Do 5s.. ...101 102 |SF & SJV6».118U —
Hon R T 6a.lO6%lCS Sierra R 6a. 109% —
L A Elec 5a. — — ¦ S P of A 6a—
LARy5s..H6%— . (1909* 107%10S%
LALC06S— — rt910) 109% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s —
Do gtd 5s.lOS%105 . (190S> 8rA.103% —
LAP lcm 5s. 102% — <1905) ScB.104%105%
Mkt-st C 6s. 114% — (1906) 106% —
Do lem 5s.ll3% — (1912) .-•••- "" 1 *
MVAMtT 5S.I02 — SPC lc* fc..ll3»* —
N R of C 6s. 106% — Do stmpd..lOOV,UO .
Do 5s .11«*4 — S P B R. 6».133% —
SPrRJi-lM 3 V W 6s. 104 104%,
NCRy5«..— 112 Do 4s 2dm.l£0 —
N C P C 5s. — 99 Do 4* 8dm: 99 99\
N S R R 5s. — 102% Do g tag 4s 98% 8S%
O G LAH b. — 107% Stkn O A B. 93 —
O W gtd 5s. — 10O JU G A E 5a.lO214 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 37% [Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — 6O | S V W O>.. 88*4 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent LAP. 3% 3Ti] S F G A B. <3 «2*»
Mutual E L. - 12% Stkn G A B. - «*
Pac L Co... 57 — lU G A B Co. — .„— r.
nraURANCB.
Flrem's Fnd.310 — f
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 Lon PA A--l» i —
B^k^Cai^ 4§ »HniaS*5*
Cal Safe Dp. — — S F National — —
First Natlonl — — . «
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L-2280 2350 J Sar A L 9». — XJ*
Hum SAL.— — I Seo Sar Bk- .880 i0»
Mutual Sar. 99 100 [Union T Co. — — »
S F Sav U.607% — I *
STREET KATLROOS.
California ..195 200 iPrestdto — * — A *
Geary — 23 I
POWD1EXL.
Giant ...... 83%. «3 tTlgortt .— ¦¦»¦ •
SUGAR. ...
Hawaiian C. 63% — jMakwretJ O. *WJ SO
Honokaa 8 C 1« 1«% Onom«* SO. 27U —
Hutch S P C 10% — |Fa*uhaa S C 1V.I 1*#
Kllaoea S C 4% — I
MISCELLANSOtrS.
Alaska P A. 129 130 t Oceanic SO.- *H
Cal F C A. »«% 09ViSPao AffltrA. «4 —
Cal Wine A. 83% — Pao £ .Borx.lM —
MVAMt Tm. W — I P S TU * T.Ml%108
Morata* Session.
Boards — " • -
S Alaska. Packer^ Assa. .. , , Jtg> JS
$15,000 Associated Oil Co 5s. .__.. 70 OT
25 Cal Wine Association -^. MOO
|2 000 Contra Costa. Water bonds.... 98 CO
45 Hutchinson 8 P Co. ....—'.. ..~ 10 75
150 KUauea Sugar Plan Co.-—-.- * 50
100 MakaweU MMV ... 29 00
$3,000 Oakland Transit C*...— .-. .-11O 0O
10 Paauhaa 8 P Co ~ .. 1« ¦»?%
55 Spring Valley Water Ct>-..— — 38 82%
Street —
15 Alaska Packers' Assn. cash T?.O 00 /
15 Alaaka Packers" Assn.... 130 00
SO Onomea Sugar Co 27 50
Afternoon Session.
BoarO—
5 Alaska. Packers" Assn.. 129 25
65 Cal Wine Assn S4 i¥>
20 Hawaiian Coml and Sugar €4 CO
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml and Sugar 5s. 101 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 1« "5
• 325 Kllauea Sugar Plan Co 4 SO
65 Makawell 29 25
20 Oceanic S S Co 3 25
$1,000 Oceanic S S Co 5». e» 00
100 S F Gas and Electric, b $0. . 62 25
75 Spring Valley Water Co 38 75
$6,000 S V 4s (2d mtge) ICO CO
$19,000 S V 4s (3d mtge)-.. 99 00
Street —
$3,000 Cal Gas A El gen m and ct 5s. «10O
$1,000 Pac Gas Imp 4s 95 00
$2,000 S V 4a (3d mtge) 99 00
CHICAGO. Sept. 15.— Snow in the Canadian
Northwest and a reported decrease in the
total Russian crop were conspicuous causes
to-day in turning the wheat market upward.
At the close the December ' option showed a
gain of 1«»©1%c. At the outset sentiment In
the wheat pit was weak, largely in sympathy
with a sharp break In corn prices, the non
appearance of predicted heavy frosts being
the - depressing Influence affecting the coru
market.- Some of the initial weakness was
possibly traceable to tho estimated size of the
croi> as given out by two well-known trade
journals. The figures in both instances made
the total yield about 540,000.000 bushels, an
amount considerably larger than several pre
vious private crop estimates. When trading
bc.an a lot of lone wheat was thrown upon
the market, causing an opening loss In Decem
ber of %©%c, first eales being made at SI 13%
to ?l 13Tg- May was unchanged to %c lower
at .51 1.V.N to $1 16. After December had sold
off to $1 13% and May to $1 15% the market
rallied on covering by shorts. Before the end
of the first half-hour all of the opening loss.
had been regained. Later in the day there
were advices from Winnipeg claiming poor
thrashing returns. A semi-official report from
Russia indicated a crop of spring wheat 20
• * r cent lighter than the one of last year.
Wintry weather in the extreme Northwest was
a decisive additional bull influence. On the
improved demand prices rose rapidly. Decem
ber advancing to $1 16%. May sold up to
$1 17%. The market was nervous later in the
day. Bearish Argentine ne.ws brought out
considerable selling, which resulted in a mod
' erate. reaction. The elese was firm, with De
cember at ?1 15%<&1 15%. May closed at $1 16%
61 IT, a rain of Tic, as compared with last
n'ght'a final figures.
A precipitous decline in corn prices occurred
at the opening as a result of heavy realizing
saleg. Covering by rhorts caused a temporary
rally - toward the middle of the session, but
the- advance was not held. J>cember opened
%6%c to l%*rl%c lower at 51%c to 52%c,
held within , the opening range, closing at
W,«@52%c.
The demand for oats was small and value?
were a shade lower. December opened %o
to %c lower at 32?ic to 33c, \ sold between
3-*%c and 33c and closed at 32%©32Tjc.
Selling by pit traders on the break in corn
caused an easier feeling In provisions. At the
close January pork was up 5'37%c at $12 77%
©12 80. Lard and ribs were a shade lower
at 57 17% and ?6 6T>86 67%. respect lvely.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles^ — Open. High. Low. Close.
WhsatvNo. 2—
SeptemtTOr. -old. 1 H%.* 1?16 "*1 14%" 1 16
September, ne»* 1 11%" 1 13% 1 11% 1 13
December ...... 1 13% 1 l«Hi 1 13% 1 15%
May 1 16 I 17% 1 15% 1 17
Corn No. 2— . ' t
September 52 J C 53% 52V MH
December 52% 52% 51% 62%
M-»y •. ... 52 52 50^ 51%
Oats No. 2 —
Sep;emb?r 31% 31% 31% 31%
December .¦: S3 33 32% • 32%
May 35»i 35% 35 35%
MeKH Pt»rk. per bbl. — .
Octeter 10 75 10 SO 10 70 10 75
January 12 70 12 82% 12 70 12 80
I^ard, ner 10O lbs. —
October 7 07% 7 07% 7 00 7 00
January 7 17% 7 17% 7 12% 7 17%
Short Ribs, per 10O lbs—
October 7 37% 7 37% 7 25 7 27%
January' ....... 6 67% « 67% 6. «2% 6 67%
Future Grain and Provisions.
Condition of Trade.
I Chicago Board of Trade.
Exciiange and bullion. ,
Silver advanced %c. New York Exchange
declined 2%c. Continental Exchange remained
unchanged.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty, days... — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Exchange, cables....... — 4 8S% ;
New York Exchange sight — 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 05
Silver, per ounce.' — 56%
Mexican Dollars.... — *8
INTERNATIONAL. j
New York on Mexico 216
Berlin on London 20.41%
Paris on London 25.23
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm.
Chicago was unsettled, but higher on the day.
with exceUent buying. The final estimate of
the Wheat 'crop Is not likely to exceed 540.
000.000 bushel*. The Cincinnati Price Current
says;- "Two- thirds of the Corn is secure from
frost Injury. Considerable of,, the remainder i
needs two weeks of good weather.".,?
E. F. Hutton A Co.*"s wire* from Chicago
said: '"The Indications are that the rather
bullish sentiment is quieting ' down* * a ¦ little
and the trade is more disposed to await adjust
ment and development of the cash I situation. .
There is fair activity, - both in the - flour and
cash wheat markets."
In this market futures were higher. The
cash grain was unchanged. Northern Flour
Is coming-in freely and preventing local mill
ers from paying any advance for Wheat. East
ern rail freights from the North to the East
have been reduced. * which will send East a
good deal of Wheat which otherwise would
have been sent here or to Europe. -
. CASH WHEAT.
California Club, . $1 40@l 48%; California
White Australian, $1 55® 1 61%; Northern
Cub. $1 40@l 48%; Northern Bluesteiu.
$1 S2%81 CO per ctl.
FUTURES.
Eeeslon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
! Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$151 $1 51% $1 50% $150%
• 2 d. m. session.
' . Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 51% $1 M% $1 51% $1 51%
BARLEY — There was nothing new yester
day, either in futures or the cash grain.
Trading was quiet all around.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed $1 07%@l 10; new Brewing and Ship
ping, $1 12%&1 17%; Chevalier. $1 1<%@1 30
per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Clos*.
December ..$1 09% $1 09% SI 09% $1 09%
•Z a. , m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1.09%. $1 U8% $1 09% $1 C9%
OATS — Previous prices rule with the mar
ket well supplied with Red and Black, the
other de&criptlcrfiB being in light stock. Trade
is merely fair. '
White. <1 37%@1 47%; Surprise, $1 5O@l »:0;
Red, fi 22%©1 42% for feed and *1 37%©
1 47% tor seed; Black. $1 3GQ1 35 for feed and
$1 508 1 65 for se'ed.
CORN — There are no new features here. In
terest" at present center* on the AVestern crop
prospects. Brokers' wires from Chicago yes
terday said: "Frosts were general from the
Missouri River eastward, but with the ex
ception of a few localities In Iowa they were
generally light and supposed to be harmless.
On this there were large liquidating tales.
Several commission houses were large buyers.
Later In the day the market ruled steady.
That some one is accumulating large holdings
of May corn is apparent. The short Interest
Is quite general- and in the. aggregate heavy.
The Indications are for little higher tempera
tures. Every day's absence of irost and rain
now helps the crop, but there is considerable
percentage that needs good weather."
Western sacked. $1 41%®! 45 for Yellow,
$1 47%@1 &0 for White and $1 37%@1 40 for,
Mixed; -California large Yellow, $1 50: small
round do $1 535*1, 62%;. White, nominal: Egyp
tian. $1 3561 45 for White and $1 23® 1 30 for
Brown.
RYE— Steady at $1 35#1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
"WASHINGTON.
Floor qr sks .. 4,19O)Bran. sks .,.— 7,27*
Wheat, ctls 45,6121 Middlings, sis..' 1.133
- FOR THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 15.
Flour qr sks .. 12,336- Hops, bales ... 160
Wheat, ctla lT«54JWool. baiea ... M
Barley ctls ... 5>. 970 Shorts sks .... SOO
Oats ctls ...... 2,951!H14es. No 9r5
Rye.' ctls 241j Pelts. NO. 1.095
Beans sks 1,033; Leather, rolls .» lXi
Potatoes sks .. 3,409' Tallow, ctls ... 43a
Onions, sks ... SSI ! Wine, gals .... 2*>.00>»
Bran sks 1.5S0' Sugar, ctl* .... 2.20O
Middlings, sks.. W Quicksilver, flits. 40
Hay. tons .... 3«7! '
Receipts of Produce.
. NEW YORK. Sept. 15. — Tin was a little
higher in London, with spot closing at £126
7s 6d and, futures at £126 17s 6d. Locally the
market was quiet, hut also a shade ihlgher.
with spot closing at $27 50@27 (52%.
Copper was firmer in London, with spot clos
ing at £57 7s 6d and futures at £57 8s 9d.
The local copper 1 market remained unchanged
at £11 16s Ud in London and at $4 2O@4 30 in
th'.- local market.
Spelter was firm at £22 10s in the English
market and at $5 10@5 20 in New York.
' Iron closed at 50s 3d In' Glasgow and. at 43s
3d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was without
¦change.
Neiv York Metal Market.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. 50c@$l per crate:
Nutmeg Melons, 20@35c per box; Watermelons,
flfi.'i per dozen. • - »
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seedless,
50@00c; Tokayrlossoc: Muscat, 40®75c; Isa
bella, 6O@75c; Black, 30@t0c. Large open boxes
—Black. 75c$$l 23; Tokay $1@1 60; Muscat.
75c@$l 25: Wine Grapes. $12© 17 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2®3 50 per
box for Valencia^; Lemons, $2 5O@3 for
fancy. |1 75#2 25 for choice ' and f 1 25@1 50
for Standard; Grape Fruit, $2@3; Mexican
Limes, $5 5O@6 per case: Bananas, *1 C3®2
per bunch for Central American and 75c@
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $394 60 per
dozen.
. Trade in the- fruit market was active on -lo
cal account and aside from Melons and Ber
ries, choice offerings of all descriptions met
with a good demand at well maintained rates.
Berries bad to be sold at low prices, aa the
bulk of the day's receipts were- not delivered
until late, after most buyers had left the mar
ket. .Owing to. the continued cool weather,
there was very little inquiry for Melons, and
stocks were steadily accumulating. Strictly
fancy Gravensteln and Bellflower Apples were
still bringing $1 50 per box. but the market
was overstocked with low grade offerings and
there were no settled prices for that class of
fruit. Plums. Prunes, good' Peaches. Figs and
eating Pears were steady, while ordinary
Peaches and cooking Pears were dull at ir
regular ' prices. Table grapes In small pack
• ages were plentiful, but brought good prices,
i trade being brisk despite the cool weather.
Large open boxes were scarce and firm at the
outside* quotations ' during the early trade,
but the market- weakened upon the arrival of
the belated Stockton steamer with fresh sup
plies and most of the late arrivals had to be
held over. There was very little doing in
Wine Grapes and only the best stock received
: any attention. A fair amount of business was
reported |n Citrus and Tropical fruits. Fancy
Lemons were in increased supply and lower.
STRAWBERRIES— $1 75@3 per cheat for
large varieties and $165 for small berries.
BLACKBERRIES — $1 50@3 per chest.
RASPBERRIES — $5@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6©«c per lb %
APPLES— $1 lOfel 50 per box for fancy. 75c
I @$1 for choice and 35{?60c for common.
PEARS— Bartletts. $1®1 35 per box; Win
ter Nellis. 65c&$l; other winter varieties. 35©
75c. _, . .
PEACHES — Small boxes. 40c€$l; open boxes,
«OceJl 25
PLUMS AND PRUNES — 40©85c per box or
crate.
POMEGRANATES— 40©"5c for small and $1
@1 25 for large boxes.
QUINCES— 25®50c per box.
FIGS— 25®5Oc for small and 75c@$l for !arge
boxes. ¦ . -
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LOCAL. MAKKETS.
Some Wall street stocks higJier and others lower.
Cotton turns weak and declines again.
Very little change in local WJieat and Barley. j
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted. .
Continued large receipts of Bran from tlie north
Hay market still well supplied and easy. , '
Beans, Potatoes and Onions about as before.
Baiter and Eggs firm. Cheese still quiet.
Prune quotations reported worked by short interests.
Ni) improvement in Provisions anywhere.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before stated.
Sharp advance in barreled Salmon.
Poultry market steady. Game firm.
Good local demand for Fresh Fruits.
SQaer higher and Nero York Exchange lower.
%jBcakstvck market quiet and f eatweless.
SUMM'ARY OF THE MARKETS.
SEATTLE. Sept. 15. — Clearings, $930,585;
balances. 1178,364.
TACOMA, Sept. 15. — Clearings. $367,015;
balances, $37,270.
PORTLAND. Sept. 15.— Clearings, $666,138;
balances. $138,239.
SPOKANE. Sept. 15. — Clearings, $352,972;
balances, $41,732. *>'>:
Northern Business.
N*at Biscuit. ..;.. 47% 48
... Do pfd , 109 lOSU
. 1.400'N J Central 182% ISO 181 182%
400 N Y Air Brake. . 138*4 138 138 140
19.300.N Y Central 129% 128% 127% 127%
4WHN r C i St L.. S2% 31% 30% 32
... Do 1st pfd 105 110 .
600| Do 2d pfd 68 66 67 85
|N Y. N H & H. 193 195
6.700iN Y. O A \V.... 34% S3. .33% 33%
19.400 Norfolk A W.... 70^ 69 09 69>4
Do pfd •.. 90% M 90 ill
North American. S2}$ »3
1,500 Northern Securi. IO414 IO414 103^i 1O4>4
Omaha .....; 140 150
• •" Do pfd .....185 130
O S L 4s :... 96»4 86%
Pacific Coast 64 65
Do 1st pfd 95 105
400 Do 2d nfd 75% T5 75 76
1.200 Pacific Mail 34 33>4 33% 33^
169.500iPenn R R Co 132^ 1311* 131^ lol«fc
SOO People's Gas ... 103% 103 IO314 103%
Pere Marquett* 75 80
. 100 P. C, C& St L.. 71 71 70 71%
"00 Do pfd 106 104 104 105
1,200 Pressed Steel Car 34Vi S4K .34% olVi
200| Do pfd 81% 81 80%. 81%
IPullman Car Co 216 220
2,900|Ry Steel S Co... 24?; 24 2iH 2*K
» 800| Do pfd 81 80 80-81
42,300' Reading 67% 66 66% C6>4
400 Do 1st pfd 1 88 86 S5% 86
200 Do 2d pfd 75W. 75% 75% 76
4.700 Republic S & I. OU SK &% 9
2,500 Z>o pfd 4i .43% 43»4 44
400 Rubber Goods .. 20 19% 19% 20 ;
Do pfd • 74% 75
2.000S S S & I Co 41 40 40 41
• 400 Do pfd 89% S9% 89 89}$
»0u Et J & G 1 17 16% 16% 17
Do 1st pfd 48% 60
l.eOOl Po 2d pfd 26% 26 26 2«5«4
IStL&S F 1st pfd 72 75
l.lOOl ¦ Do 2d pfd 60% 59% 59% 59%
2,700;St L & SW 22% 21% 21U 21%
1.500; Do pfd 45 44 43*4 44
22, COO Southern Pacific 57% 56% 56*4 56%
42.9OOiSouthern Ry 34% 33% 33% 33%
400- Do pfd 05Ts 05?» 95% 96
Standard Oil 630 640
'Standard R & T. % 1%
9,600|Tenn Coal & Iron 49% 47% 47?» 48%
iTexas P L T Co 32 33
lO.SOOiTexas Pacific •.. 32% 32% 32 32%
(Third Ave 125 126
3,100'Toledo St L&W 31 V4 29'; 3014 31
4,300 Do pfd 50% 47 49% 49%
500 Twin City R T. 97V4 97% 97% 97%
Do pfd 156 158
800 Union Bag & P. . 7% 7% 7 TU
I Do pfd 64 65
S5,900iUnion Pacific ... 99% 98% 9S% 9S%
100 Do pfd 93% 93% 93 93%
|U P Conv 4's 104% 104%
(United Copper 8 10
jU Rds of S F ' 11% 11%
S00| Do pfd 86% 56% 56 57
W Rds of S F 4's 84% 85'
iU S Cast Iron P 10% 10ft
1001 Do pfd 57 57 56% 57%
400IU S Express 120 119% 118 121
10,000 U S Leather ... 8% 8% 8% 8%
U S R & C pfd ...I. ...?. 62% 54
S00;U S Rubber .... 20% 20% 20 20%
400) Do pfd .: 75% 75 74% 75%
93.500:u S Steel Cor.. 18% 16% 17% 17%
147,100! Do pfd 6S% 67 .67% ,67%
5.300|Va-Car C/Co... 37% 36% 36% '37
l.WOO Do pfd 10S'» 1&S% 10S»i, 1CS%
2,200, Wabash 21% 21% 21% 21%
0,600! Do pfd 43% 45% 42*4 42%
Wabash deb B's ; 65% 67
• 'Welle Fargo Ex ...230' 245
300iWestern Union.. 92% 92 01% 92
lOOjWestlnghouee .. 1C2% 162% 162 163%
I Do 1st pfd ISO 100
900W & L E IS 17% 17% 17%
200 Do 1st pfd ..45 44 I 45 46
"• I Do 2d pfd „ 25 26%
500! Wisconsin Cen.. 20 19% 19% 19%
400! Do pfd 44% 44 44 44%
1.151,700 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg..lO4%jL & N uni 4s 100%
Do coupon 104%! Man con gold 4s. 107%
Do 3s. reg 105 i Mexican Cen 4e.. 66'
Do coupon.:... 105 | Do 1st inc 10%
Do new 4s, reg.K51% Minn & St L 4s.. 95%
Do coupon 131% I m. K & T 4s....lOO
•Do old 4s. reg.. 106 | Do 2ds 80%
Do coupon 107 (Nl RR Mex con 4s 77
Atchison gen 4s..lO3%|N Y Cen gen 3%s.l00%
Do adj 4s !'5%|N J Cen gen 5s.. 133%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 98Vii Northern Pac 4*.. 10344
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO.J%| Do 3s 74%
Do 3%s &5%!N & W con 4s 102
Central of Ga 5s.lll%|oSL 4s and part. 96%
Do 1st lnc 85 | Penn conv 3%s,.10O
Ches & Ohio 4 %s. 105% I Reading gen 4s.. .100%
Chi & Alton 8*4* 80%|StL & IM con 5s. 117%
C » B^ & Q new ** 87 ' StL & sp f « ' l9 --
C.M&St P sen 4S.1C9 {St L S W lsts 9S
C & N W con 78.1H0 I Seaboard A L 4s. 82%
C. R I * P RR 4s 7tt I Southern Pac 4s. . 84
Do col os SS I Southern Ry 5». . .117%
CCC &. SL gen 4s.l01%l Texas & Pac lsts. 119%
Chi Terminal 4g.. 75% | T. St L * W 4s.: so
Con Tobacco 4s.. 73%IUnion Pacific 4s. .103
Colo & South 4s. 83%' Do conv 4«. . . ..10414
Colo F & I 7S ITT S Steel 2d 5s.. Sl%
Den & Rio G 4s. 100% Wabash lsts 118
Erie prior lien 4s. 99%' Do deb B fie, .
Do gen 4s 88 Wheel & L E 4a.. 90
Ft W & D C 1st. 107% 'Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90
Hocking Val 4%s.lC8 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20| Little Chief 05
Alice 45| Ontario 3 50
Breece 18|Ophir .......2 00
Brunswick Con 12.'Phoenix 15
Comstock Tunnel. lOIPotosl f 09
Con Cal & Va 1 00; Savage 14
Horn Silver p l C5( Sierra Nevada 30
Iron Silver 1 25| Small Hopes ' 25
Leadville Con C2|Standard 1 »o
Fine Butter rules firm, being well cleaned
up. Some houses are disposed to quote higher
prices for Cheese, though supplies continue
large. The Egg situation remains about the
same, with the different house* . quoting a
firmer or weaker market, according to their
stocks. The best Eastern Eggs are . higher.
Receipts were 54,100 lbs Butter. 1575 cases
Eggs and 16,900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 27©27%c
for extras and 25@26c for firsts; dairy. 22 %©
24c: store Butter, 15©20c; Eastern creamery.
19%620c; Eastern ladle-packed, 14815%c per
pound.' ' . .
CHEESE— 9#9%c for choice mild new and
808 %c for lower grades; Young Americas.
lOVsSHc; Oregon,- 8#»Hc;-- Eastern. -10©15c
per lb. - . .
EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for large white se
lected. 33©33%c for choice and 30©32%cfor
common; cold storage. 27«?2Sc; store. 23@27c;
Eastern. 25@28c for firsts, 21@23c for seconds
and 20fi21c for bakers'. ... .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
TACOMA, Sept. 15. — WHEAT— Unchanged,
Bluestem, 84c; club, 80c. ' •
' t ' OREGON.
PORTLAND, Sept. 15.— WHEAT for export:
"Walla Walla, 79c; bluestem, 84c; valley, 85c.
For shipment east: Walla Walla. 83c; blue
stem. 85c.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7%9
7%c per lb; Whit* Lead. 7%®7%c, according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The "Western Sugar Refining Com
¦paay quotes a* follows. per lb, in lOO-lb bags;
Cubes A Crushed and FTne Crushed, 8.23c;
Powdered, 8.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c ; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granu
lated (100-ib bags only). ; Confectioners'
A flc: Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c:
Golden C, 5.40c: "D."* 3.30c: barrels, 10c mcrs:
half barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more tor all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c: H. A E. Crystal
Domino* Uc per lb. No orders taken for leas
than «evVnty-flve barrels or Us equivalent.
BARRELED SALMON— Owing- to th* an
nounced shortage of 50 per cent In the output
this season, the price of barreled Salmon has
been advanced from $7 50 to J3 50 per bbl.
add 5c: Unseed. 57c per gallon for boiled and
55c for raw; Castor Oil. in caaes. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. case*. $1 10©l 12; Lueol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China. Nut. cas«s.
ttSCSOc per gallon: Cocoannt Oil. In barrels,
58c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. ttSc; natural winter
Sperm OIL 63c: extra bleached winter Waal*
Oil 57c- natural Whale OIL 52c; *xtra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; H*ht Herrtn* Oil. 42c: dark Herring OU.
40c; Salmon OIL 34c; boiled Fish OU, 37c; raw
Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint OU. 3Sc; raw Paint
Oil ,3lc
COAL OIL— "Water "Wait* CoaJOiJ, fa balk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 19%c: Astra!. 13%e;
Star. I9%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 28c; Eo
cene 23c: Decdorlzed Stova Gasoline, in bulk.
J6c; "in cases, 22%e; Benzine, in bulk, 13c; la
cases. 19%c: SS-deereo Gasoline, in bulk, 25c;
in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon in ease* and
75c In drums and Iron barrels.
large; young Roosters. $54?6: old Roosters,
$464 50; Fryers. $4®4 50; Broilers. $2 5O©3 50;
Piseons. *1 25 per dozen. for old and $1 60©
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves. 80c@$l per dozen: Hare.
$1 50 per dozen; Cottontail Rabbits, $2 per
dozen.
Closing 22 95 24 35
: Flour —
Opening .................... SO 60 31 95
Closing-.... 30 75 31 95
APRICOTS — Are scarce, and it is difficult to
get firm offers. Choice are held at 8%©10c;
extra choice. 10%@10%c; fancy, ll@13c.
PEACHES— Are in continued demand, with
offerings light and the g market consequently
firm. Choice are held at 7%@7%c; extra
choice at 8@8%c; fancy at 9%-@10c.
PRUNES — Are easy in tone, with coast ad
vices Indicating that some shippers are offer-
Ing further concessions on \ Santa Clara with
out 'stimulating demand. \ Spot quotations range,
from 2 to 5?i<v according to grade. ¦ <¦•-.
•EVAPORATED APPLES— -The ¦ market Is
somewhat unsettled. Stock Is offered freely for
future shipment, while the demand Is only
moderate. Spot prices, however, *are unchanged,
with common quoted at 4@5c; prime, 5%65%c;
choice. e©6%c; fancy, 7@7%a
PETROLEUM— Quiet. ,
COFFEE — The market ¦ for coffee futures
closed steady at. a net advance of lCNg-'O points,
gales were reported of 63.750 bags. Including:
September 6.70c; October, 6.75<g6.90c; Decem
ber, 0.90@7.05c: March, 7.20©7.30c; May. ,7.40®
7.60c; July, 7.60#7.65c. Spot Rio, steady; No.
7 Invoice, 7%c. Mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal. 96 test. 4 5-18c; molasses sugar, 3%c;
refined, firm. . l • ;
BUTTER — Steady and unchanged. .
CHEESE — Steady and unchanged. ¦. ¦
ECGS — Steady and unchanged.
POULTRY — Steady and unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS. '
%Srl%c net advance. Sales Included No. 2 red
May. $1 17® 1 18%.- closed $1 18%; September.
$1 iiHsSrl 'So\. dosed $120%; December,
$1 17%@1 19%, clcsed $1 18%.
HOPS — Firm. State, common to choice, 29®
36c: Pacific Coast. 190*. 27632c
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1904.
STOCK MAEKET.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
Continued On Page TwelTO.
Foreign Futures.
-V f
Wheat — -.- Sept. r>*a •
Opening .:.:...-. 7 6 T 8%
Closing: .................... 7 6% .7 8%
¦; : ¦¦ ¦. " ; ... . PARIS.:..' :;: ... •'< -¦.-: . ¦
.Wheat — V'i' r . -Sept. Jan.-Apl.*
Opening ................... 22 90 \* a 35 ,
. .-.- --¦ • ; , -¦ — _^_— .. . - • -. ¦ ¦
' AH dealer* reported a steady market .for
Poultry, with the demand and supply about
balancing. No - Western came in , and : the re
ceipts from domestic points were a little over
50 coops. Game ruled * firm, , with < Doves , and
Rabbits bringing higher prices. ¦¦¦• ¦-.£-..-.-¦..-,. ' ;
: POULTRY— Live Turkeys, « old, 14915c » per
lb : for ' Gobblers and ¦ 15S 16c . for., Hens; young
Turkeys. 1 30@22c.per lb: Oeese, .per pair, 51 50
fil 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks. $4®4 50 per
dozen for old and $4 6095 50 lor .-¦; young;
Kens, - 54^4 60 for small and $5©6 -tor
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13REBEK A H S A RE PREP A RE D
TO RE CE IVE ODD F E L LOWS
THE FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. SEPTEMBER; lfv 1904.
Murasky - yesterday- The musicians
maintain. that Colonel O'Neil dismissed
cne of the band without sufficient rea
son and threatened to dismiss another.
O'Neil contends that his military po
sition places him beyond the court's
jurisdiction.
¦ »
so!'dated on Monday. It is purposed
f> move the office of the North Snore
road to that of the California North
western at 650 Market. street, which is
to be remodeled. Major D. A. Smith,
city passenger ticket agent of the Cali
fornia , Northwestern for many years,
will continue/an agent for both lines.
Have It printed by Edward Knowles Com
pany, 24 Second St.; telephone Main 596. •
Will Consolidate Offices.
President A. W. Foster of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway, who re
cently secured control of the North
Shore road, of which he has since
been elected president, announced yes
terday that the Market-street ticket
offices of the two roads will be con-
Rebekahs from far and near
ered at the Odd Fellows' building,
Seventh and Market streets, last even
ing and completed arrangements for
the entertainment of the hosts of Odd
Fellows and their families that are
coming - to attend the session of the
Sovereign Grand Lodge of the United
States and Canada. Everything is
now in readiness for the reception of
the oncoming legions and to-morrow
evening, when the grand sire, the of
ficers of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
and the general in. command of the
Patriarchs Militant arrive, they , will
find cordial welcome. In fact, they
will find a welcome before arriving
here," for to-day a committee' •will^
leave this city to meet these-digni
taries.at Reno, Xev., and escort them
to the city.
Preparations have been made at
the Mechanics' Pavilion for the ac
commodation of 500 canton members,
who have expressed their desire to do
military ( service. Tents, cots . and
everything for camp service have
been secured and these cantons; will
make the Pavilion their headquarters
during their stay in San Francisco. $
The committee on decoration -will
have all the emblems in place to-mor
row and many of 'the business houses
have commenced to change their dec-:
orations. The Board of .Harbor:Com
missioners, through U the - president
Charles Spear, has done "everything, to
assist ths committee -to make, the.
Ferry building both 1 inside" and out as
attractive as possible. The Maltese
cross has been taken down and in its
place will be three links in red, white
and purple. Above this will be the
The grandstand at Van Ness avenue
and Sutter. street, which belonged to
California Commandery and Golden
Gate I Commandery, Knights Templar,
has-been secured by - the Sovereign
Grand Lodge committee, as well as the
City Hall grand stand. .Tickets for re
served seats can be had' from U. S. G.
Clifford, room 1," Odd Fellows', build
ing.:! ; ....
The grand marshal of the parade has
sent out final orders to* his division
marshals and aids, and expects to start
the procession promptly at 10 o'clock,
and'" will endeavor to have no delays.
The procession will be one of .the largest
of its kind ever held in San Francisco.
The excursion committee has made
arrangements for an instructive excur
sion on the bay. Captain Jones, chair
man of the excursion committee, will
have charge of the steamer Berkeley,
arid has obtained permission from the
officials in charge of Mare Island and
other naval stations on the bay for
their inspection. Admiral McCalla has
tendered his services to the committee
and will. have an escort of mariners to
show, visitors through the navy yard.
Those desiring to make the trip can
purchase tickets from U. S. G. Clifford,
room 1, Odd Fellows' building. There
will be -music on board and other en
tertainments provided for. the excur
sionists. Only. 1500 tickets will be sold.
all-seeing eye surrounded by white
lights.
• The exercises committee has-every
thing arranged for the public reception
of- the grand sire and the members of
the Sovereign Grand Lodge on Monday
night, and expects that the Pavilion
will be taxed to its utmost. V, ;*v
ASKS DEFAULT SET ASIDE.— The San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company filed a
motion yesterday to set aside the default judg
ment for $30,000 entered Monday by Howard
J. Lawler agralnst the company fox personal
injuries sustained through an explc«ion in his
home, 2613 Howard street. The motion tj set
aside the default will be argued Friday.
PROMINENT OFFICIALS OF THE ORDER OF ODD FELLOWS WHO ARE TAK
ING ACTIVE INTEREST IN THE PREPARATIONS FOR ENTERTAINMENT
OF THE SOVEREIGN GRAND LODGE OF UNITED STATES AND CANADA.
We are selling agents for "The Water
man Ideal Fountain Pen" and sole agents
for -Tho Marshall." the best $1 fountain
pen in the world. ¦' Sanborn, Vail & Co,
741 Market street. ¦ : •
The Merchants'. Trust Company will
have its home in Los Artgeles. Its
capital is $600,000, of which $2000 is
subscribed. Its directors are B. Erken
brecher, W. L. Brent, C. W. Brown, J.
W. A. Off. L.. C. Gates, M. G. Jones, W.
G. Blewett, W. N. Hamaker, C. A.
Miller and L. L. Elliott.
The Bank Commission has issued
the following statement on the finan
cial condition of the State's eighteen
private banks:
Resources — Bank premises, $63,675 7S; other
real estate. S13S.372 34; stocks, bonds and war
rants. $238,228 31; loans on real estate. $<5t>4.
624 J»4; loans on stocks, bonds and warrants.
$53,022 32; loans on other securities. $147.S81 25;
loans on personal security, $1,470,234 51;
money on hand. $202,138 46: due from banks
and bankers, $27R. 971 59: other assets, $218,
311 20; total resources, $3.577,C6O 70. ¦
Liabilities—Capital paid up, $7fi9,S02 K0; re
serve fund and profit and loss, $375,445 55; due
depositors. $2,173,025 60; due to .banks anfl
bankers, $92,573 86; State, county or city
money. $17,000 8<»: other liabilities, $149,212 16
total liabilities, $3,577,060 70.
The Bank Commission issued li
censes yesterday to the Bank of Italy,
International Savings and Exchange
Bank and the Merchants' Trust Com
pany. I The first named institution will
conduct .a commercial and savings
business at 1 Montgomery street, San
Francisco. It has an authorized capi
tal of $300,000. .which is fully sub
scribed and half paid up. The officers
are C. Chichizola, president; A. P.
Giamini. vice president; J. F. Cavag
naro, attorney; C. F. Grondona, secre
tary, and G. C. Caglieri, cashier.
The International Savings and Ex
change Bank will be located in River
side. It has an authorized capital of
$50,000, which is fully paid. Its di
rectors are J. Lopizich, J. Viole, T. M.
Kristovich, M. Orsatti. J. Castera, L.
Escallier, A. Fusenot. Dr. B. Sarsella ;
M. Durand. E. Paggi, A. Vignola, J.
Vidovich. G. Ivcerich and S. Bodrero.
State Commission Issues Report , on
Financial Condition of .Eighteen ;
Private Institutions. ''¦ '?•¦'
LICENSES ARE GIVEX
TO THREE NEW BA>"KS
The Olympic Club was 1 granted per
mission to use," the 'lot Jat-; Hyde and
Bush streets ' , evenings ifrom 6 to 7
o'clock excepting Sundays, for. the pur
pose of football practice.".-. '
Leaves' of absence were granted Miss
Frances .Greenhood and' Mrs.' Frances
A. Banning. ', ! Miss. Julia Coffey was
transferred from, the 'Parental ', School
to a class in ithe Hamilton School and
Miss J. G.'Maher of the- JYanklln
School was' transferred to the Parental
School. : »<¦!
The board, in its resolution, says that
it is deplorable that tv-hite children
should be excluded* from the schools
because of the' necessity of receiving
Japanese pupils and equally deplora
ble that white children and Mongolians
should be educated together, in the
public schools. Many of the Japanese
in the grammar, grades are youths of
eighteen to twenty years of age and
these are In the same classrooms and
often sit in the same scats with white
girls and boys of tender age.
. Mrs. E. M. North presented a peti
tion to the board to be retired . as a
teacher in . order that she may avail
herself of the Teachers* Annuity and
Retirement Fund. Her request was
granted, with, the provision -¦ that : the
board is not Hable^inany way; for the
payment of the money. - • > . '
.The question of the coeducation of
white and • Mongolian • children In [ the
public schools ..was again i the ; subject
of ' debate the', regular meeting of
the Board of Education yesterday. The
pressing need of a separate class or >
separate school for the -instruction of
Japanese and the' .'lack '. of i funds to
nieet that need were' the* subjects of
a resolution asking : the ; Board . of Su
pervisors to act at once. r>.
The resolution declares -that? the al
ready overtaxed accommodations of
the public schools are being further
taken up by : the Japanese pupils, of
ten to the enforced exclusion of white
children. Under the opinion . rendered
by the City j Attorney the board is
obliged to allow the comingling of
whites and : Mongolians until a separ
ate'school for Japanese shall be estab
lished. ¦ .
I/aw Forbids Exclusion
Mongolians : to ; the ¦ Detri
ment of i White Children
MOKE MONEY REQUIRED
Pressing Need for Separate
Classes \ for Instruction
of Many Japanese Pupils
CROWD M Hip
FROM SCHiLS
Militiamen In: Court.
The auit; brought by the First.Cali
fornia band . l ai^airist ', Colonel r.Thomas
F/ O'Nell was argued - before Jud^e
It you want the .be»t. in 'photographs go to
L*ntV». ¦ Dl« Market- st.. Columbia bldg. •
' Passengers " on the early boat to
Sausalito were unaware that they had
as a ': fellow passenger Leon Soeder.
condemned to ¦ death a for, the murder
of . Josjeph - Blaise. Soeder .was in
charge of . I>eputy . Sheriff ¦ Edward . J.
Kerwin. Soeder 'manifested 'little in
terest in his surroundings " and -at
tracted no attention from the passen
gers. . He hardly seemed, to realize
that he was ' gazing for r the last time
on ¦¦ the city, and the 'beautiful . bay. ¦ In
all : probability . Soeder ' will ; remain ' in
San tQuentin-; until /his execution un
less 'he secures a retrial.* ¦ > .
Socder Goes to* Prison.
If the commanding of fleers of police at flre«
did their duty in a common . sens- manner
there would be no occasion for communications
of • this sort. ¦ ¦ I was ; much surprised on ar
riving at the scene of a large flr« on Howard
street, between .Seventh and Eighth, on th*
5th Inst.. to find the police lines stretched be
tween the burning bulldtncs and the (fire ap
paratus. Of course the people who wen at
tracted by the fire ' crowded up against th«
lines and thus the firemen were compelled to
lose considerable • time - In - forcing their - way
through the crowds to (ret to their apparatus
for 'needed articles, ladders, etc.
A mere novice- In -police business should
know that the police lines should be stretched
behind the fire apparatus : and not In " front
and that the -space between - the fire and th*
location of the ¦ fire ¦ engines, ..trucks, -hose
wasons,' etc.. -must b* kept- clear 'so that th«
firemen can have free access to them.
It is hoz>ed that - all • members of the Police
Department (Lieutenant Colby.' in' particular)
will. bear this in mind and act accordingly in
the future.- -. .^XSBSBWMCnBMBHBHBBHH
The Chief in referring to this commu
nication in . the ' police bulletin Issued
yesterday says: ESSHB
• The alleged inefficient management of
the detail of police by Lieutenant Hen
ry H. Colby at the big fire on Howard
street on the evening of September 5,
when Chief "Wittman publicly rebuked
him, has called forth. the following sug
gestion from the Board of Fire Com
missioners to Chief. Wittman:
"Upon the recommendation of the act
ing chief engineer of this department
we respectfully /suggest. that you cause
an order to be made to your subordi
nates to the effect. that whenever a fire
of any magnitude occurs the street or
streets on which any. streams are work
ing be roped off at the crossings of the
main streets on each side of the fire,
and that all intervening streets be
closed, either by ropes or by officers
stationed in them, as these arrange
ments would greatly facilitate the
workings of this department at such
flres."
Conduct of Police , at Re
cent Gonflagration Criti
. * cized by . the Fire Board
WITTMAN GIVES
VENT TO ANGER
Burnett** Extract . of ] : Vanilla-^-In
purity fand • strencrtb pre : eminently superior. ; •
'-»¦-'-¦'¦•¦•'.,' .¦.'•¦/¦¦- '.:-'/:"¦¦¦ is' ;. V 1 v ";¦_'-
:,.; Attorney Frank Schilling has been
cited by Judge jHunt 'of .the Superior
Co'uVt to appear a week' from to-day
to: show, cause, why: he should^ not 'be
suspended', from "practice 1 / or • perma
nently disbarred • for unprof essiAnal
conduct. ¦ ; "\- f/ . •• • ;
.represented "\" Mrs. Dina
Smith » in. divorce .proceedings
Judgc'rHunt." "./At- the conclusion of
the -hearing' Judge Hurit- ; granted her
an : interlocutory, decree 'and i ordered
that' the.' defendant in Hh'e; action. An-'
drew Smith,', 'pay:: Mrs. Smith $45 a
month /'alimony/Tfor'vthe '. support of
herself andTmJnorj child. \ ;.
'¦'*. A" few days .ago "Mrs." Smith in
formed Judge r Hunt' that her ' former
husband f had " I paid I into , Schilling's
hands t $40 : on r the i alimony, account;
but'that;SchIlling:refused "to glveiher
more>thanS.10, .retaining 'the -balance
as ; counsel . fees:.-, Judge... Hunt,.. being
aware -'of l,the~ unfortunate, plight \'of
the young/mother,^instructed Schilling
that', he'- must-pay Mrs.^Smith .the sum
thatj,h9,d' been'» placed in\his^ hands."
Schillingj\vas'. given- until yesterday to
comply withahe order. Yesterday af
ternoon. Mrs.. Smith' -again; -visited
Judge : i Hunt and 'informed ;,him '.that
Schilling : refused to obey ; the "order : on!
the iclaim :that he 'Was " entitled : to: the
sumiretained. l ' ¦ . ' '
.'Judge -¦ Hunt 3 th'inks ' differently. Uh-^
der, his-instructlonT Mrs. 'Smithf signed
an affidavit ' setting iforth v the; facts as
stated, and? upon -this the -citation di
recting - Schilling- to •" show 1 ; cause -was
issued. The citation > sets forth that
Schilling ; has -violated ' ; his " oath ¦; arid
duties as . an attorney ' in Jtaking :* his
arbitrary, stand * against liis*-., unfortun
ate f client.'- '; Pull -and*satisfactory,?ex
planation will- alone ¦ save -him: from"
disbarment.' - :^BBBHHfifiBHffiSBI
Frank Schilling, Must Show
my He Should Not Be De
nied . Right - to Practice
ATTORNEY CITED
FOR DISBARMENT
Complete Arrangements ; for Entertainment
of the Visiting Hosts— -Grand Officers
i Are Scheduled to Arrive To-Mbrrow
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1001 Fillmorc SL 119 Taylor St.
Park 183 Phone Howard 1031
20c JTTMBO WALNUTS. LB. 15c.
i BUTTER s 2 i 50c
Ctprling Brand — Best Huirsboldt Creamery But-
ter.
MASON QUART JARS. DOZEN. 49c.
CaL Store Tgs* dozen 30c
L«rse select white. Ever>- ere guaranteed
aound^
SO-LB. SACK ROCK SALT. 25c.
CM1I Sauce pint bottle 15c
Ever>bo<3y seem« to like Jt. Just hot enough.
Made by Mrc. Faber. -
lf»c ALASKA SALMON. 4 CANS, 28c
Seeded KalBins 10c package ,"ic
Now is time to make mince meat, etc; 10 limit.
15c BOTTLE A^PHA SALAD CREAM. 10c
Surtax* Pot&toes, Direct from Salinas
VaUcy, 120-lb. sack S1.2O
ICo nsiddlernan's profit to pay: half usual price;
'. cne tack limit; guaranteed to cook
dry and mealy." ¦ ' '
TIG BARS OR HIGH-TEA CAKES. LB. "lOc
Coet» aica Coffee, straight. . . . . .lb. 20c
Has rich, fiistlnrt flavor. Many prefer* to Java
¦ . • ¦ a5d Mocha . • At 35c per lb.
AX.L CREAMS. 3 CANS 25c.
Seszilene Soap < large bars 25c
"Washes" wrihout rubbinr. Trcice the value of
Fele Nat-tha.
40c BOTTLE PORT~OR SHERRY. 25c.'
6-Tear-Old Wine gral. SSc
Port, Sherry. Reisllnic. Angelica.- Sample -at
store. Usually $1 25.
OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKT. 75c.
Steps Claret gal. 35c
3 gallons SI. Excellent wine for bottling or
table. Usually !>0c gallon.
SI 2T. McBRAYER T\-HlfKY. BOTTLE S5c.
affarqnette or "V711son "Whliky-.Tt. bt. S5c
Th« genuine diftillrry bottling. Sealed packages
B5c OLD MILLER WHISKY. BOTTLE. 50e!
Keafnv and Suttef Streets.
Store Opens 8:30 A. M^ Closes 5:30 P.M.
Special Attractions for Friday
Ladies'' Wash Neckwear
At Astonishingly Low Prices
\ . • (First Floor Ke«rny St.) j
Out goes the balance of our Summer Wash Neckwear. 'Tis
an Absolute ClearanceSale without regard to cost or former
selling prices — included' are splendid varieties of Fancy
Washable Stocks./Venise Lace Collars, Persian Novelty
Collars, Turn-over Collars of Lace and Embroidery— in white
and all colors — stylish; up-to-date Neckwear — and this is
how they, are going to be sold : :.-?V:'-
25c and 35c Styles '--• On Sale at 1Oc Each
40c and 50c Styles -- - On- Sale at 20c Each
. One-Quarter Off All
Black Dress Goods Remnants
(First Floor Kemrny St.)
For Friday only, we offer a large lot of Remnants, ranging
in 'lengths from 1 to 8* yards — comprising the very newest
weaves in
Alpacas, Voiles, Etamines, Cheviots, Cashmeres, Serges,
Mohairs, Granites', Crepe de Paris— And many others
A chance to secure some of the choicest fabrics of the season
at a fraction of their -real worth. To close out quickly we
deduct^ONE-QUARTER OFF the present low prices.
Ladies' New Fall Waists
$2.75 Instead of $4.00
(Third Floor Kearny St.)
You never 'saw handsomer- Waists at anywhere near the
price. We secured them at a special price concession — about
200 in all. They are made of fine wool material, in the
choicest of plaid designs, on red, green and navy-blue ground
—have the new bias front, French back and _
latest style sleeves — were made to sell at $4.00, \1 7C
but through this special purchase we offer them at V**« ¦ «J
Friday's Exceptional Offers in
Blankets and Comforters
(Second Floor Sutter St.)
Housekeepers — Don't Miss These Values I
French Muslin Covered Comforters, Fine Blankets, size 58x80, made of
well stitched, size 72x78, in clean.pure white wool, pink ¦•
pretty floral designs; special $2.25 an d bj ue borders; per pair 54.00
Handsome Down Comforters; sire Best White Wool Blankets, large
72x72, both sides covered with size for- double, bed, good weight,
Sateen, in. choice Dresden - ¦ real value $6.50 per pair, *'i; -
patterns, each $5.00 at / $^0
Yarns of Every Color
' (First Floor Sutter Street)
If you intend using any Woolen Yarns for crocheting or
knitting — make your selections now. One of the largest
consignments of Yarns'ever shipped us has just arrived, com-
prising all colors in ¦ ;\ '% ;
Dresden, Spanish; Saxony, Shetland, Germantown, Eiderdown
'..-;• and Castor Wool — Berlin Zephyrs, Shetland and Fairy Floss
:>v_;. All offered at our usual popular prices.
MZETTNO OF BA.IL.WAT CLUB.— The regu-
lar monthly meeting of th* Pacific Coast
Railway dob will be held at the Palace Hotel
to-morrow evening, when an interesting paper,
«ititlHl "The Railroad Hospital." will be read
by Dr. K. K. Alneworth. chief surgeon and
rnaaager of the Southern Pacific Company's
fcospltal department.
ADVERT1SE3IENTS.
~ |~|_ _ ' _i~ . - . .-|-_i . _ n_i-u_j-«_r— i_i-i_r->_ ~ - -i — -|. - _ - - —
The sale of Columbus
Buggies and Carriages
formerly owned by
Glenn Bros., 1321 Mar-
ket street, still contin-
ues. We have bought
this stock and have sold
at cost, or less, 138 vehi-
cles in 10 days. The
store is for rent on Oc-
tober 1st, and there are
still 200 jobs to be sold,
including Surreys, Bug-
gies, Runabouts, Phae-
tons and a generalline
of fine work.
This is an opportunity
if you need a carriage.
Bros. Company
1321-23-25 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
Fresh Water
PEARLS
On exhibition for a few
gems* .
Bohm Bristol C°
PJJ«welgrs an1 S Iversmith*
104-110 GEARY ST.
. Sw* Fraadsco
JUt^HMitmDMttBaBuMii^
ADVER'nSEMiyTS. _^>^^
•' \\ 111 • •
. . me Largest EicIhsitb Cleft aid suit Hotse west of KewYort City. <•
SPECIAL VALUES 1 1
2OOO \A//\LICING SKIRTS 2
AT A SAVING OF 25 PER CENT. / . ?, Vv '¦'• y, %
Good material, well made, the newest - autumn •
styles, plain and new mixtures, 'at:'-- 1 : \v>? . #
$2.75, $3.00, $3:50 and; $4;00. t
SILR SUITS. , 8
Autumn styles, entirely new; black, navy,; garnet J
and brown; special values at . •
$12.50, $13.50 and $17:50. 2
TOURIST COATS. > •
Plain and mixtures, 50 to 55 inches long,. correct •
style; special values at ,,^ •
$6.50, $7.50 and $10.00. 2
COAT SPECIAL. S
Tan and black all-wool Kersey Coat, good quality, 2
satin lined, the new tourist effect, our regular 2
$10.00 coat. ©
Special at $7 . SO. :
TAILOR SUITS. * 2
$15.00, $16.50, $17.50 and $2€.00. •
Handsome styles, excellent tailoring. Prices .will •
speak for themselves. J ift •
1230, 1232, 1234 1SIARKET STREET. y o e n a e r s . |
Berry and Dessert Dilhes
/ j ' Ki-'iWlvPlDlSlv. . - 1 HtL VAoL> / B
/ . \ Just 'about- one-fifth the" regular /priced . The big berry bowl v is . 10 inches "/ i I
/ .P across ; the ..small ones 5 inches. • Seven pieces in the set. Theclosestimita- ,V^ VK
"^ tion of high-grade Libby cut glass ever made. -^" > * K
This is just one more inducement -for you -to visit "THE BIGGEST -FURNITURE 1 1
HOUSE ON THE; PACIFIC COAST," but : it ¦: is the daintiest, most ¦ exquisite and ¦ most < use- |
j ful inducement you will find in many months! f . ra
r^^T^tr^.^iBK2fl^.^iw^^*JHI^^^8K^^'if^*'^^^^*^S i^5^^^^»B^^%cB^^^ffiF*|^^ " On* set to each B|
Only a few then- [\^ T &T@g Hf^>Z*^ JSmPS^SSiS^tf^^M \f8u Wmfi&PM Person. No tele- g
sand sets. On sale *A % % fBfc^ j^j^M^S SH 'ffl^J pnone ' no maU ' ordera P
till Saturday nlght i^% %^J%\VA\ l^a% XiVVl \^^ l^^lsWm lTiwflSl and no " cllllllren '« or " B
U*t. Couch sale con- jRft* ft VjStjljE Jp AXlM 1 ' FmSwjTO^^S! *""* Credit 1 '' couch g
fc^p^^^* By j 1 1 _\j_*j_^ w jy.* / tj. 9& jF r^SS^^ilC jc jB^^t^^Ct^^^jyTpj jfs^ r^ b^I© con tin tics* l3
MARKS BROS.
TO DAY, FRIDAY,
OUR; BARGAIN-: DAY.
THESE HEW FUNHEL WAISTS PQ ft
WILL BE SNAPPED UP AT ODb
These ZTeat, Comfortable and Stylish
Waists Will Ba -on Sale TO-DAY—
Made Like ILLUSTRATION, In a
i;ew, Petcliinar Fall Style: in Greea,
Bed and Black Polka Dot Effect..
NOVEL STYLES IN O| OC
FLANNEL WAISTS AT dh^U
THESE WAISTS Will Be Placed on
SALE TO-DAY at $1.25, Owia? to
a SPECIAL PURCHASE Made By
Our NEW 70BK BTJTSB of Some
HO DOZEN. TUIiL, aEACEPUL
PBONT AND BACK, Trimmed . with
BOX PLAITS: ORNAMENTED with
PAWOT BUTTONS.
UOIESjaUEHTIO^ 455 p Enlq0ATS
Mercerized SATEEBT PETTICOATS
Like Cut; Made With Accordion
Pleated Flounce.' finished : with • Bnlfle.
QRn IS WHAT WE'VE .MARKED
U OG THESE SI. 25 : PETTICOATS.
Thii Lot of PETTICOATS Made of a
Good, ESAVY; QUALITY of Sateen —
PULL WIDTH; DEEP FLOUNCE.
Trimmed With »' Two ACCOBJJION
PLAITED BUFFLES. - Come J In
SOLID BLACK, BLACK JLKD WHITE
STBJPE8 or POLKA DOT 3 EFFECT.
Q lOt IS WHAT^WE'VH' MARKED*
0 1 1 1 0 JHESE : $1. 75 .PETTICOATS^
Here's a Splendid . Lot' of. Petticoat*.
: Made • of - n . ¦ HlRfh-Orade •¦ Quality i of
; Sateen ; | Deep Flounce. Trimmed With
Two Full SaQei and Tailor-Stitched
Bands ol the Same Material.
WSMMgs;
'^The Homo of' Honest Values '
: 1220-1224 MARKET STREET