SAN FRANCISCO/ TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1904.
The San Francisco Call.
TH5 - TH32ATEB3. .
Alcazar — "Soldiers, of tfortnae."
California. -,- M Sy\. JUgki /Jbt
STTord." O/» /
Centrai^<The Tanites/V /
Clrotes — Vaudeville.* * /:
Columbia — "Wizard of O«."
Fischer's — "Kiss' Mazrusk.** .
Grand — "York State ToXku."
Majestic — "Captain Barrlngtco."
Orpnetun — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "The Serenade."
fore the convention be taken up as
fellows:
Report of the convention on platform
The Republican -.Local Nominating
Convention, consisting of 242 delegates,
met at Pioneer Hall last night and
Choice of Is
Unanimously In
dorsed.
Call for a Vote on
Judges Creates
Excitement.
REPUBLICAN LOCAL CON VENTION
NAMES ITS CANDIDATES FOR THE
BENCH, SENATE AND ASSEMBLY
Continued on <?age 2, Cohmm 2,
WALiMAR CASTLE, Sept. 27.— The
oxygen treatment of Lady Curzon < is
being continued, but the oxygen is ad
ministered in less quantities and the
patient Is taking nourishment better.
Lady Curzon Improving.
NAPLES. Sept. 26. — The eruption
of Mount Vesuvius continues and al
though it h^s somewhat decreased, it
is still most imposing and its vivid
ness has been augmented by the
breaking u-v.'.y of the crust around the
crater, which is bcins re-ejected with
shakings, rumblinsrs and explosions;
making it appp.p- a 3 if the whole
mountain would be rent from top to
bottom. \u25a0 The funico'.ar railroad res
taurant has been damaged by the flow
of lava. On the Pompeii side the*
eruption is very threatening and a
preat - Quantity of ashes is being
ejected
Lava Damages Funicular Railroad
Restaurant ;ind on Pompeii Side
Situation Is Threatening.
MOUNT VESUVIUS STILL
IN ACTIVE ERUPTION
LEXINGTON. Ky.. Sept. 26. — There
were many sensational developments
to-day in the case of the attempted
poisoning of the family of Judge
James. H. Mulligan here last Satur
day.
The negro, Louis Mitchell, who was
arrested immediately after telling the
family not to partake of the baked
salmon which he himself had served,
made a confession Sunday afternoon to
Judge James Mulligan, 'his son, Den
nis, and Chief of Detectives Marshall,
in which it is said he accused the
Judge's son, James Mulligan, at pres
ent in Chicago, of employing him to
put poison in the food. The latter
denied the charge -by telephone and is
expected here to face the negro.
Colored Man Who Warned Family of
Poisoned Food Tries to Blame
Master's Son. =: V H
NEGRO TELLS STARTLING
STORY TO THE OFFICIALS
LONDON, Sept. 2$. : — The executive
committee of the Irish Unionist Alli
ance to-night issued a statement re
garding the plan formulated by the
committee on organization of the
Irish Reform Association, which was
adopted at a meeting of the associa
tion at Dublin on Friday. The state
ment says:
"The Irish Reform Association is in
no sense representative and the pro
gramme adopted by it is altogether
contrary to the principles which have
always animated the great body of
Irish Unionists."
The committee condemns all the
propositions of the Irish Reform As
sociation as dangerous and holdsfthat
"safety, for the Unionists lies only in
equal treatment for every part of the
United Kingdom."
The programme of the Irish Reform
Association contemplates the .consti
tution of, an Irish Financial Council to
administer the $30,000,000 expended
annually' on Irish service.
Unionist Alliance Condemns the Dub
lin Proposition "as Being.
Dangerous.
IRISH REFORM SCHEME
IS STRONGLY OPPOSED
• Mr. McGowan then directed his re
marks to the achievements of the Re
publican party and a # recital of the
career of • President Roosevelt and the
influence- his jpolicy has had in histor
ical -events, of recent years. At the
conclusion of his address nominations
for secretary were called for. J. B.
Sykes was named for. the office, but
opposition to his candidacy developed
in the Thirty-fifth ana Thirty-sixth
districts, which favored Harry Hall for
the office. A rollcall resulted in -the,
election of Sykes, but upon \u25a0 motion of
A; Reuf, Hall .was named assistant sec-,
retary* * * '
\u25a0 'Motions that committees of nineteen."
one from each assembly districts and
one at - large, be appointed on creden
tials, • permanent organization and or-'
der of business and platform and.res
olutions prevailed, and the chair; ap
pointed the following:- .
Credentials — Charles ;. Kaufman (chairman).
W. J. Harrington. Frank Qulgg. E. Roach. •
Henry Peterson, B. P. : Lagrave, H. W. Bra
wns. Robert Strahle. Cllve A. Brdwn. " John
ACHIEVEMENTS OF PARTY.
I thank you sincerely for the honor you have
bestowed upon me and beg leave to assure you
of my gratitude. Chough a young man I . am
and always have been a Republican, not be
cause j my parents were Republicans, but be
cause' my own : research and observation have
led me to believe that the measure of prosperity
of the nation is always gauged by the as
cendency of Republican principles.
Mr. McGowan, and Chairman Riordan,
who was prepared to fill this: im
portant office, had to stand aside and
look astonished during the ceremony.
A smile spread over the faces of the
delegates, as Wells, his task completed,
left the platform. McGowan, address
ing the convention, said:
The . Committee on Permanent Or
ganization and Order of Business rec
ommended that the temporary officers
of the convention be made permanent;
that P. A.' Bergerot of : the . Thirty
eighth Assembly District and A. A.
Gnarini of the Forty-third. District be
made vice chairmen of. the convention;
that E.'J. Curran of the Twenty-ninth
District and J. W. Felt of the Thirty
first District be made assistant secre
taries; that John A. Conroy of the
Thirty-third District be selected ser
geant at arms and that John O'Con
nell, J.*, D.' Grant and Thomas Horan
be , named - as assistant sergeants at
arms..' '•
: As to the order, of business,, the com
mittee recommended that the work be-
The Committee on Credentials soon
returned and recommended that the
rollcall as certified to the County Com
mittee by the Registrar be recognized
as the rollcall of the convention. The
recommendation prevailed.
COMMITTEES REPORT.
Tonnlngrwn, William \u25a0 J. Tounr, Wniiaa
Loewl. J. B. Whitney. Edward Kelly. C. I*
Barsottl.' P. M. Gopcevlc. W. •• S. Hartley,
Thomas- H. Lindsay. John Chrlstenson.
\u25a0 Permanent organization and order of busl
ness-^- Theodore Lunstedt (chairman). Ed
Haughey; Max Krowe, Joseph Bertram, T. CT
Duff, P. J. Mahoney. James Sheridan, J. S.
O'Brien, R. L. Hathorn, John Wewlin*, Al
Lewald. C. C. Morris, P. McGushin, B. T>.
Pike. Charles A. Son, D. It. Dunbar, Jerome
Bassity. J. W. Boyce. Joseph Barbetta.
Platform and resolutions — I*. S. Beedy
(chairman).' M. M. Miller, Joseph Goddard. H.
J.- McMahon, Robert McMlchael, James' F.
Kelly. Peter Menjou. B. F. Jones. A. M. Mc-
Pherson, Adam Beck, P. Bloom. D. A Ryan.
A. W. I,iechtl, A. ,H. Powers. J. C. Currier.
Georsre R. Wells, Walter Brann, James B.
Smith. Frank Marinl.
John B. Patterson of Washington.
D. C father of the actress, has been
h«*re r radically all summer. It was
through his efforts that wealthy
friends in Washington became con
vinced that Miss Patterson was not
puilty of the crime charged — the mur
df-r of "Caesar" Young in a hansom
cab parly in Juno — and agreed to as-
Bist in finding bail, stipulating that
tlieir nam^s should not be mentioned.
A bail bond of $20,000, it is said,
ir. to be supplied by a well-known
surety company of this city.
NEW YORK. SepL 26.— That "Nan"
Patterson will be released from the
Tombs on bail to-morrow is certain,
according to a statement made, to-day
by on« of her closest frlends/w ::
Actress Charged With the Murder of
"Caesar" Young: Will Leave
the Tombs.
UKIAH, Sept 26.— Several attempts
have recently been made to wreck the
Willits train, but no trace of the cul
prit could be found until last week
when Detective Powers was put to
work on the case. He succeeded in
getting a confession from Henry Clay
and William Van Bebber, two boys,
aged about 16, that they had placed
rails and wood on the track near
Lahm's Crossing, a very dangerous
place.
The boys were taken . before Judge
Kenworthy, who set their trial for Oc
tober SO, and released each of them on
$500 bonds.
The last attempt to wreck the train
was made Friday evening when the up
train was leaving Willits. Fortunately
the engine knocked the debris from the
track. .-/..".
SURETY COMPANY SUPPLIES
BAIL FOR "NAN" PATTERSON
Pile Wood and Rails
on Tracks Near
Crossing.
LONDON*. Sept. 26. — The inquest
over the remains of George Alexander
Davis of Boston, Mass., who was found
dead in a London hotel, September 23,
to-day resulted in a verdict of "sui
cide while cane." It transpired that
Davis was a morphine victim, that he
was married on August 6, and that he
arrived with his bride in England
on September 14.
Davis broke off the morphine habit
prior to his marriage, but again be
came a victim to it. He i left letters
saying it was impossible to cure him
self, and that therefore he had de
termined to commit suicide. This he
did by cutting his arm with a razor
end then snipping the artery with a
pair of scissors, after taking a hypo
dermic Injection of morphine. Davis
was 26 years old.
Inqursl Is Held Over Remains of
George Alexander Davis of Bos
ton, Who Killed Himself.
BOYS TRY
TO WRECK
A TRAIN
"SUICIDE WHILE SANE" IS
VERDICT OF LONDON* JURY
FOR JUDGES OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
James M. Troutt.
Frank H. Kerrigan.
James L. Gallagher.
D. \V. Burchard.
FOR STATE SEXATE.
Seventeenth District — Frederick A. Markey.
Nineteenth District— Richard J. Welch.
Twenty- first District — E. I. Wolfe.
Twenty-third District — George B. Keane.
Twenty-fourth District (unexpired term) — Philip 'J. Hasldns^ -«
Twenty-fifth District — John H. Nelson. -
FOR STATE ASSEMBLY.
Twenty-eighth District — William Mindhan.
Twenty-ninth District — John A. Cullen.
Thirtieth District — Francis McNamara,
Thirty-first District — Jeremiah Lucey.
Thirty-second District — Patrick J. Boyle.
Thirty-third District — Fred J. Meinke.
Thirty-fourth District — Fred V. j Severance.
Thirty-fifth District — E. F. Treafiwel].
Thirty-sixth District — Eugene E. Pfaefflc
Thirty-seventh Districts— Fred C. Jones.
Thirty-eighth District — Samuel Beckett.
Thirty-ninth District — Thomas E. '-'Atkinson.
Fortieth District— Gus HartmanJ .
Forty-first District — Nathan C. .Coghlan. . .
Forty-second District — Georsre A. i McGowan.
Forty-third District— Marc Anthwiiy.
Forty-fourth District— -Mel Vogel.
Forty- fifth District — Louis StrohL .
Thomas D. Riordan, chairman. of the
Republican Countv Committee,- called
the convention to order at 8:45 o'clock.
For some minutes noise and confusion
prevailed, butRIordan's insistence that
the business of the convention would
not be taken up until quiet prevailed
had the desired effect, and the dele
gates settled down. '.'.".., ~ .. \u25a0
The call of the roll developed a full
attendance and .Chairman. Riordan im-,
mediately called for nominations for,
temporary chairman of the convention.
John S. Partridge of the Thirty- fifth
Assembly District took the platform'
and placed . in nomination George A.'
MoGo'wan of the Forty-second District.;
Mr. Partridge .pointed to the -fact that
the- work before the convention was not
great, -but it was, important and that'
such convention needed. a. strong hand
to: direct its,; deliberations. He then
presented' the; name of McGowan, who
wa&- elected bv acclamation. • : •. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Mr. Partridge ' and ' George R. Wells
v/cre called upon to ' escort Mr." : Mc-
Gowan to: the platform. Upon reaching
thte platform . Mr. Wells ; took, advan
tage of the opportunity "to" introduce
GOES TO WORK.
Thomas D. Riordan Calls the Repub
lican Delegates to Order.
nominated judicial and legislative tick
ets. #
The only jar of the session grew out
of the failure or refusal of. the chair
man, George A. McGowan, to. recog
nize the leaders of the Thirty-fifth As
sembly District, who desired to t enter
a protest against the nomination^of D.
W. Burchard for. Superior Judge. John
D. Daly and John S. Partridge. of the
Thirty-fifth demanded a call of the roll
by districts, but no attention was paid
to* the demand by the chairman, -who
promptly > entertained a . motion that
the ballot of the convention be cast for
Troutt, Kerrigan," Gallagher and Bur
chard. . .- \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'-'•
Just before.the, work-of ' the conven
tion was finished 'John D. Daly from a
position on' the' -floor, but a : few feet dis
tant, from the 'platform addressed a
few words" of a personal -nature to the
chairman, advising the later to. reflect
on the incidentthat he had by his rul
ing deprived' one delegation of Repub
licans of 'the right to be heard.
The paragraph in the platform in
dorsing the constitutional amendment
creating an intermediate court was
added in pencil to the original draft of
the platform. • Nominations for the Su
perior bench and the Legislature, as
forecasted in The Call, were • made.
There was some agitation in the Forty
fourth Assembly j District in favor of
naming Jacob Steppacher for the As
sembly, but Jacob Shaen could not
muster force enough to smash the^ slate
on which the name of Mel Vogel was
inscribed. In the Thirty-second As-.
sembly District there was some hesi
tancy in the nomination of Patrick J. (
Boyle of the Potrero, but at the finish
he was acclaimed the nominee.
Union Labor party nominees of the
Seventeenth Senatorial and Twenty
eighth and Twenty-ninth Assembly dis-.
tricts were indorsed. Richard J. Welch,
Nineteenth Senatorial District; George
B. Keane,. Twenty-third, and John.H.
Nelson, Twenty-fifth Senatorial Dis
trict, have the regular Republican
nomination as well as the Union Labor
indorsement.
NOMINEES OF REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
Third — We Indorse and approve th« aettoa
of the Republican conventions of the Fourth
and Fifth Congressional districts in nominating
for Representatives in Oon*rea« those distin
guished and sterllns Republicans. Julius Kaha
and E. A. Hayes*, who will again give to Saa
Francisco In the Congress of tha nation th«
dignity, ability and Integrity of representa
tion to which as the chief commercial and
Industrial city of the "West she is Justly «n-
We pledge our cordial and active support
to the Republican nominees In these Con
gressional districts.
Fourth— "We pledg» oor nominees for the of
fice of Superior Judg» to a fair and Just con
sideration of every question and interest wnlcB
may come before them and to a speedy de
termination without fear or fayor and without
regard to party, class or station of even
controversy which they may be called upo»
°Fifth— Our candidates for the Legislator* w«
nted-- to a faithful and conscientious consid
iratToo of all matters of legislation comlns
be s£th— We favor fair and Impartial treat
ment of the various problems arising out oi
the relations between capital and -labor, .em
ployer and employe, giving both sides equa,
•2nd Must consideration. We favor liberal an<
c?nercu5 treatment of onr public school sys
fe£ i we favor th- construction and main
terance by the State of a proper Norma,
J£h^l buil.llr.e at San Francisco m pl»-e ©«
th? raSVhacW- makeshifts whlcfi now
do duty for that purpose. W# commend th.
administration of the- San Francisco Stat.
Normal School and the efficiency of its cours.
if Se° S en?h-°We favor the propowd onstitu.
While the committee on platform
and resolutions was preparing its re
port the chair appointed Thomas D.
Riordan and Henry Ach a committee
to escort Julius Kahn and E. A. Hayes,
Republican. nominees for Congress, to
the platform. Hearty cheers vrero
given for both candidates. They were
called upon for speeches and for some
time they entertained the convention
with a discussion of the issues of tha
campaign. Mr. Hayes pointed out that
no people should give the Republican
party more loyal support than those of
California, for upon the maintenance of
Republican policy, including the reten
tion of the Philippines and the comple
tion of the Panama Canal, the future
prosperity of the West largely depends.
At the conclusion of Mr. Hayes* ad
dress the committee . on platform and
resolutions announced that It was
ready to report. The platform, which
was read and adopted by th» conven
tion, is as follows:
To th« Chairman and SI«ab«r* it th» Republi
can Local Convention:
We. your commlttm on, platfaxra aas res
olutions, respectfully rwrornTnon<l Um a4e«**oa
of th« following pla.tr arm:
Th« Republican party of tbm City asd
County of Saa Francisco rem—ntad to local
conrentioo at Baa Fraadseo. this »n «ay
of September. 1904; bereby promalsatM th*
followinr platform and declaration «C *rta
ciples for the ansatas campaign:
First — VT« hereby adopt and affirm th« plat
form adopted by the National Republican Ooo
ventlon at Chicago on June 22. 1904. and that
adopted by th« Stata Republican CbnT«atloo *t
Santa Crus on August 28, 1904.
Second — W« declar* oar steadfast and on
swervins allegiance to the candidacy oX Theo
dore Roosevelt and Charles W. Fairbanks tot
President and Vie* President, and pledze to
them and to the policies and principle* tot
•which they stand the undivided support of
the Republican party of San Francisco.
NOMINEES INDORSED.
and resolutions: nomination of four
candidates for Superior Judges; report
of district nominations for Senate and
Assembly; appointment of a commit
tee of five to fill vacancies: appoint
ment of an auditing committee of five
on purity of elections.
CANDIDATES SPEAK.
I CHAIRMAN OF TIDE LOCAL REPUBLICAN COyVEXTIOy ASP THE FOUR MKX IT NAMED FOR JUDGES OF THE SUPERIOR COCRT.
Graduated from the Columbia Law
School, to which he had come from
Hamilton College, Whiteman is well
known to many persons in this city.
After his graduation he went to Du
luth, Minn., where he began to practice
law. He was elected Mayor of that
city and was sent to the Legislature.
He became an active politician and was
at one time chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee. .- Suc
cessful in business ventures, he some
years ago was reputed to be worth
nearly a million dollars, but he lost his
fortune in speculation and became the
associate of reputed- professional
forgers and swindlers.
Arrested and sentenced to imprison
ment many times. Whiteman has in
several instances escaped incarceration.
His record, furnished by the Pinkerton
Detective Agency, whose men assisted
in his capture by the police of St.
Louis, shows that he was arrested In
1895 in San Francisco for forgery. He
was convicted and sentenced to nine
years' imprisonment, but secured a new
trial and was released on a techni
cality.
In 1S9S he was arrested In St. Louis
and transferred to Chicago, where he
was sentenced to one year's Imprison
ment and a fine of 52000. He appealed
and was released on bail. The decision
of the lower court was affirmed and
Whiteman failed to appear.
Whiteman was living at the Hotel
Jefferson in St. Louis under the name
of George H. Prentice. In his pockets,
when searched, was an undated check
for $20(X) on the New Amsterdam Bank
uf this city, drawn in his favor. Sev
eral other checks, check perforators,
dates, rubber stamps and other para
phernalia, were found in his room.
Whitt-man was charged with having
raised drafts on the Fidelity Trust
Company of Buffalo, the drafts Having
been purchased from country banks in
this State and originally being for
small amounts.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— Believing
that in the arrest erf Alonzo J. White
man it has captured the leader of a
band of forgers that has caused enor
mous losses in the past year, the Amer
ican Banking Association was to-day
Fending the good news to all of its
members.
Ep*ciaJ Dispatch to The CalL
"The Court of Appeals has some
times been extremely liberal in allow
ing individuals and corporations to
combine in such a manner as to control
trade. In Wood vs. Whitehead Bros.
Company the opinion of the court, in
which Judge Parker concurred, says:
'Contracts between parties which have
for their object the removal of rivals
and competitors in business are not to
be regarded as contracts in restraint
of trade. They do not close the field
of competition, except to the particular
party to be affected. To say. at the
present day that such contract as was
made In this c&se>was \u25a0 affected" bjTpub
lic interest and was a matter of . pub
lic concern would be unreasonable.*
"Under such a view of the law it
would not be a difficult matter for any
trust to eliminate competition, even
without buying the plants and property
of its competing rivals. It could make
agreements with such competitors and
thus acquire an ultimate monopoly.
"In another case, where the terms
of a contract were particularly fla
grant. Judge Parker decided against
an agreement creating a monopoly.
Reconciling these authorities, it may be
said that, under the law as established
by the Court of Appeals, trusts are re
quired to observe certain skill as to the
forms of their consolidations; but, if
they understand how to do it, combina
tions to control trade can be made with
impunity. It is easy to see why the
nomination of Judge Parker has been
satisfactory to many of the trusts."
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— George B.
Cortelyou and his associates on the Re
publican National Committee to-day
attacked Judge * Parker's record on
trust decisions. In an interview given
for publication William Dudley>Foulke
of Indiana, formerly Civil Service Com
missioner under President Roosevelt,
said in part:
"Judge Parker declares the common
law principles can be applied by the
United States courts to trusts in cases
involving interstate commerce. It is,
therefore, interesting to inquire what
are these common law principles, as in
terpreted by Judge Parker himself and
by his associates on the bench of the
Court of Appeals.
Special Dispatch to The Call
It , will remain for the Governor of
Massachusetts to take initial action in
this case, which will require prompt
redress. The last important. precedent
occurred in 1892 at the picnic resort of
Bay Ridge, near Baltimore, when Dr.
George, an attache of the Swiss lega
tion in Washington, was arrested by a
Deputy Sheriff on the charge of being
a pickpocket and was searched and
otherwise treated in a humiliating
manner by the local authorities. The
State Department secured his release
at an early moment through the Gov
ernor of Maryland, who also caused the
dismissal of the offending deputy and
extended an apology for the Incident.
Though the Swiss Minister might have
pressed further punishment, he ac
cepted what had been done as suf
ficient, but the matter was deemed of
such importance that he could not give
this notice to our Government until the
Swiss Federation Council had for
mally considered the case and ex
pressed itself satisfied. •
The State Department immediately
transmitted Raikes 1 telegram, in sub
stance, to the Governor of Massachu
setts with the request that he do what
ever might be necessary to secure the
diplomatic immunity of Gurney.
It is believed at the department that
the matter may be far more serious
than the local officers at Lee seem to
regard it. In the first place, by consti
tutional and statutory laws, the per
sons attached to an embassy are ex
pressly relieved from any legal re
sponsibility, and the exemplification
even extends to domestic servants. Sec
tion 4063, Revised Statutes, declares
that any writ prosecuted in any court
of the United States or of a State or
by any Judge or Justice intended to
cause the arrest and imprisonment of
any public Minister or his servant shall
be void. The succeeding section, 4064,
Revised Statutes, provides that every
person by whom any such protest is ob
tained or prosecuted, whether as party
or attorney, and every officer concerned
in its execution "shall be deemed a vio
lator of the law of nations and a dis
turber of the public repose and shall
be imprisoned for not more than three
years and fined at the discretion of the
court."
PROMPT REDRESS REQUIRED.
Gurney did not have in his possession
sufficient money to pay the fine and he
was^commltted to the charge . of the
officer who made the arrest.- "The offi
cer accompanied Gurney to Lenox,
where the money was secured.
STATE DEPARTMENT ACTS.
Special Justice Phelps said he did not
recognize international law in his court
and informed the defendant that he
must enter a plea. Gurney persisted In
his. refusal. Then a fine was imposed
for contempt of court. .
Gurney, when arraigned, positively
refused to plead, claiming that as he
was "third secretary to his Britannic
Majesty he could not under inter
national law be arrested or held for
any crime."
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— The atten
tion of the State Department has been
called by the British charge here to the
action of a Special Justice at Lee,
Mass., in fining Hugh Gurney, third
secretary of the British embassy, for
fast driving with an automobile and
contempt of court. The details of the
incident had been conveyed to the Brit
ish charge by Mr. Raikes, first secre
tary of the embassy, who is at Lenox.
Third Secretary Gurney was to-day
fined in the Police Court at Lee on
two charges. For contempt of court
he. was fined $25. A similar fine was
imposed in the case charging him with
speeding his automobile in Stockbrldge
Sunday.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
State Department Hastens to Make
Amends for Breach of Inter
national Ethics.
Prisoner a ColmnDia Law School
Graduate and Once Rated as a
Millionaire.
Trend of Opinions Handed Down by
the New York Jurist and
« His Associates. ;
Contempt and Fast Auto
moMling Agitate a
Police Judge.
Bankers Rejoice Over Cap
ture oi Former Mayor
oi DulutlL
Destruction oi Competition'
Not Regarded as Vio
lation of Law.
Alonzo J. WMte
man Arrested in
SI Louis.
Fines a Secretary
oi tlie British
Embassy.
Rulings That Make
Easy tlie Way
to Monopoly.
COURT SETS
ASIDE LAW
OF NATIONS
PARKER'S
DECISIONS
ON TRUSTS
NOTORIOUS
FORGER IN
THE TOILS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCVI— XO. 119.
THE WEATEEB.
rcrccact made at S*n Fran
cisco for thirty kouw ending
xnifiaiirlit, September £7 ':<
Saa Francisco and viciaity—
Pair; wararer Taeslay; fre»h
northwest wind.
c. k. 'wzx.xisozr,
Local forecaster,
Temporarily in Charge.Reduced Rates Via the Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Loans and discounts, $22,343,338;
gold reserve, $1,857,405; total specie,
$2,198,369; legal tender notes,
$2,335,377; total resources, $40,762,
714; individual deposits, $26,505,366.
Percentage of legal reserve to depos
its, 18.08. ,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26. — The
reports made to the Comptroller
of the Currency showing the condi
tion of all national banks in San
Francisco and Los Angeles on Septem
ber 6 show totals as follows:
Total Resources of Such Institutions
Here and In Los Angeles Shown
to Be $40,762,714.
XATIONAI; BANK REPORTS ,r
MADE TO -COMPTROLIiER
BILLINGS, Mont., Sept 26. — Sena
tor Fairbanks spent the greater part
of the day discussing irrigation. The
day was devoted to a tour of Yellow
stone County, beginning at Glendlve,
on the eastern border of Montana, and
closing at this point, not far from the
center of the State.
Stops for political meetings were
made during the day at the towns of
Glendive, Miles City and Forsythe, ana
the night was spent , here, where a
largely, attended and very enthusiastic
meeting was held.
Here Fairbanks returned to the irri
gation question, discussing at length
the effect of the reclamation act. He
recalled Senate recommendations, for
national aid made by Senator Cartel,
when he was Commissioner, of the
General Land Office in 1891. and after
dwelling at length upon the general
question of irrigation entered upon a
discussion of President Roosevelt's
part in securing the enactmentof the
existing law. On the latter point he
said:;
.Ten years after Senator Carter brought this
great lrrigsitlon : subject to the attention ; of
the American people we had another American
who dealt with it in a high minded. Intelli
gent way. "He had been -a part of your citt
zcnahlp for years. He had dwelt here in the
in Montana.
Senator Fairbanks Spends a Bnsy Day
IRRIGATION HIS THEME.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26. — This is the
Tammany Congressional slate, as ten
tatively agreed upon, for'nomination on
Monday: Timothy D. Sullivan, Henry
M. . Goldfogle, William Sulzer, "VY.
Bourke Cockran, Jacob Ruppert Jr.,
Francis E. Shober and Joseph A.
Goulden.
It is understood that W. R. Hearst
does not desire a renominatlon and
Murphy Is planning: to send former
Senator Towne in his place. Harry
Payne Whitney has not yet consented
to make the race in Francis Burton
Harrison's district, but the Tammany
leaders hope to persuade him. Harry
Hart, is advocating the renomination
of Rider, who refused to resign last
year to make a place for Towne and
thereby offended Murphy. James W.
Gerard Jr. may be. his successor.^ .
HEARST TO QUIT CONGRESS.
The Democratic convention which met In
St. Louis deliberately makes claim to having
accomplished this great object. It is one of
the things upon which" It prides itself now: I
am - not blaming them for that, not at an.
They do not have many opportunities to make
claim to \u25a0 the accomplishment of any- grmu
government measure The only way they can
get a little modicum of credit Is to lay claim
to the achievement* of th» Republican party.
Fairbanks also referred to the
Democratic platform on the subject
of irrigation, saying:
seral-arld regions. He knew th« conditions
and the possibilities. He knew the groat fu
ture that wag awaiting you. If you could only
bring water to the parched soil of this great
country; that great statesman who compre
hended, therefore, the possibilities that li»
before you here, is our President and the next
President of the United . States, Theodore
Roosevelt.
In bis very first " message to the United
States Congress he dwelt upon the necessity of
dealing with the great subject of irrigation,
and pointed out how it was possible to utilise
the public domain of the United States so as
not to draw directly upon the Treasury in
Washington. He thought it but Just and
equitable that the proceeds of the sales of
these lands should be utilized for the purpose
of irrigating this great country. I have Just
traveled over many miles of country where
there is no sign of the habitation of man, but
under the inspiration or this great policy
which Congress enacted Into law I am opti
mistic enough to believe that in the years
lyin« before us there will be homes occupied
by ' thousands of energetic patriotic American
citizens where there are now only deserts.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 26. —
Coroner Pittman, while holding the
inquest over the remains ' of John
Cowan, the old hermit, who was found
dead on his ranch near Colton. found
$15 In gold and a promissory note for
$1300 in Cowan's clothes. Cowan was
supposed to be poor. He left a son,
whose whereabouts the Coroner would
like to learn.
* . — : : .$.
Was Not Poor as Supposed.
SEATTLE; Sept. 26. — Two masked
robbers held up Lou Conway's saloon
this morning, shot Conwav. James
Murphy and Gilbert McBeath and es
caped. 'Murphy will die. Conway's
right arm will be amputated *and Mc-
Beath is badly hurt in the side. The
robbers went behind the bar and took
$100 from the cash drawer and a
watch from Conway's pocket.
Conway is a brother of City Coun
cilman James Conway.
Bandits Hold Up 'Saloon In Seattle and
Wound Proprietor and His
Customers.
THREE 3IEX ARE SHOT
BY TWO MASKED ROBBERS
WASHINGTON. Sept 26. — Benja
min Ide Wheeler, president of., the
University of California, called at the
White House to-day and took lunch
eon with the President and Mrs.
Roosevelt. His visit is to secure the
detail of an army officer . to succeed
Colonel Waite as commandant of the
cadets at Berkeley. Colonel Walte is
ill. Dr. Wheeler called at the War
Department to discuss the matter with
Secretary Taft.
Speaking of Judge Parker's letter,
Dr. Wheeler, who is a one-time Demo
crat, said:
"It is safe and sane, but not re
markably clear. It removes the ques
tion of the President's pension order
from the field of political discussion.
Judge Parker would abrogate the or
der If elected, but immediately there
after seek to secure passage of a bill
through Congress providing for exact
ly the same thing." /
Benjamin Ide Wheeler Has Luncheon
With President Roosevelt.
VISITS WHITE HOUSE.
VALLEJO, Sept. 26. — Ensign Gal
braith, United States navy, who has
been under treatment at the Mare
Island Hospital, received a message
to-day informing him that his father
and mother were killed In the disas
trous railroad accident In Tennessee.
Galb.raith left on a late train to-day
for the East.
Mare Island.
Sad Jlepsage Received by Ensign at
LOSES BOTH PARENTS.
Ttipy are too common In America, especially
of late. The fact that It is a larpe country,
with clenty cf room fcr them to happen in.
Is not. Fufficknt to explain them. Probably the
fundamental cause Is the hasty and imperfect
construction of the lines, the makeshift ar
rareemepts for Bavins- time and the general
nioh of Btrenuour national life.
For the first time the fact is now re
vealed that Plehwe's murder had been
preceded by four abortive attempts to
encompass his death, which the depart
ment of political police frustrated in
ihe nick of time by the arrest of the
would-be assassins, . who were quietly
imprisoned or banished. Only one of
these attempts has hitherto become
public and that was revealed by the
accidental explosion of a bomb In the
Hotel du Nord, in St. Petersburg.
Sassonoff and two of his accomplices
continue to maintain obstinate silence
regarding the assassination of Minis
ter Plehwe, although one of the accom
plices has confessed that he threw a
bomb into the canal on the morning of
the assassination. Bernstein, the other
accomplice,' obeying the injunction of
the terrorists, refuses to make any
statement.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 27.— While
some of the features of the plot which
culminated in the assassination of
Plehwe, the Minister of the Interior,
•till baffle the police, the authorities
profess to be now perfectly certain that
the conspiracy was hatched in Geneva
by a half dozen Russians, mostlj; Jews.
The authorities know the names and
address of the conspirators, but are
unable to take legal action against
them owing to the failure of the laws
of Switzerland to interfere with po
litical refugees. Therefore Russian
terrorists are at liberty, from their ha
ven in the Alps, to continue the' work
cf assassination of Russian Ministers
so long as they are able to flnd emis
saries willing to risk their lives, the
originators never venturing to carry
cur their own designs.
Six men who engineered the Plehwe
plot, according to the result of the
Russian police investigation, are de
clared, beyond shadow of doubt to have
organized the series of political crimes,
with the exception of the murder of
Bobrikoff, the Governor General of
Finland, which series began with the
assassination of Bogdanovitch, Gov
ernor of Ufa, on May 19, 1903, and end
ed with the murder of Minister Plehwe
on July 28 of this . year. " Gerchunin,
whose plot resulted in the assassina
tion of Minister of the Interior Sipia
guine on April 15, 1902, now turns out
to have only been an emissary of these
Geneva terrorists.- s. \u25a0 /" \ •
A renewal of the ; fight between the
Hackmen's Union and the Stable and
Carriage Owners' Association is threat
ened. The president and secretary of
the Master Horseshoeing Association
called upon Secretary White of the
Stable and Carriage Owners'. Associa
tion a few days ago and informed him
that it was the intention of the Journey
men horseshoers to quit work if their
bosses persisted in shoeing horses from
non-union stables. This announcement
dumfounded Secretary White for the
time being, aa he had been led to be
lieve that all differences had been ad-
Justed at the recent conference in
Mayor Schmitz's office.
Secretary White said the association
had lived up to its agreement to give
the union men an equal show, both as
to employment in the stables and in
driving hacks.
He was also informed by President
M. W. Coffey of the hackmen's union
that henceforth union drivers would
decline to drive at funerals where non
union drivers were employed. White
says this is a breach of the agreement
reached at the conference in the May
or's office and adds that at the present
time 90 per cent of the union hackmen
are employed at union rates.
At the meeting of the Stable and
Carriage Owners' Association last night
Secretary White was instructed to
communicate with the Master Horse
Shoers* Association declining to make
any concessions regarding the union
izing of the stables belonging to. the
association.
Sister unions have forwarded
through the San Francisco Labor
Council the following contributions for
locked -out men and strikers in this
city and Stockton: •;."
• Stereotypers and Electrotypers,
$9 50; Boxmakers and Sawyers, $9;
Ship and Machine Blacksmiths. -No.
168, $8 95; Typographical Union, No.
21, $24 60; Carmen, $44; Machinists,
$18; Tanners, No. 9, $2 50; Barbers,
No. 148, $28; : making a total of
$144 55. To Stockton— Beer Bottlers,
No. 293, $10; Stereotypers and Elec
trotypers, $9 60, making a total of
$19 60. To Hackmen. $15. To Stable
men — - Linemen, $30; Canmakers,
$2 50, making a total of $32 50 and
a grand total of $211 55.
Delegates elected last night bv Local
Union No. 19 of the Painters', Paper
hangers' and Decorators' International
Association of America will appear at
the meeting of the Building Trades
Council next Thursday night and de
mand that they be seated. The action
of Union No. 19 in demanding recogni
tion by the Building Trades Council is
the immediate result of the decision of
Superior Judge Hunt, who dissolved
the temporary injunction secured by
the Sheehan faction restraining Local
No. 1& from using that name. The
court also held that Sheehan, whose
claims to the presidency of the union
had the backing of the Building
Trades Council, was not legally enti^
tied to the office. This double-headed
decision was a victory for No. 19, and
It now seeks to compel the Building
Trades Council to accept the court's
ruling bv according recognition, long
withheld, to its delegates. Should the
Building Trades Council refuse to ad
mit the delegates further recourse to
the courts may be had.
LOXDOX^ Sept. 26.— The recent
railroad accidents in the * United
States are attracting no little com
ment in England. The Pall Mall Ga
zette says:
BritMi Press .Comments Lj>on Their
i>?equency in America.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept 26. — The
Republican Senatorial convention for
the Twenty-ninth District, which In
cludes -this and Santa Cruz counties,
was held at the courthouse here this
afternoon. W. J. Martin of South
San Francisco was chairman and W.
R. Porter of Watsonville secretary.
The convention was called for the
purpose of straightening out the Sen
atorial fight waged at Santa Cru*. The
proceedings of the Santa Crua conven
tion were ratified. S^H. Rambo of.
Boulder Creek, the chmce of that con
vention, was renomlnated. He re
ceived the entire sixteen votes in the
convention. " r ,;. .
Rambo Faction Carries Convention at
Redwood City. i j.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 26. — Senator
Smith of Kern County opened his
Congressional campaign in this
county to-night, addressing a large
and enthusiastic audience at the
Isis Theater. The\ meeting was
preceded by a band concert
and followed by a reception on
the platform. The candidate was as
sured that San Diego County would
give him an old-time Republican ma
jority. The meeting was presided
over by Frederic W. Stearns, the lo
cal member of the Congressional com
mittee.. Senator M. L. Ward of this
city, who was Smith's most formidable
opponent in the fight for the nomi
nation, was one of the speakers. ' 'A
feature of the meeting was the pres
ence of six or eight members'of the
Democratic County Central Commit
tee and Democratic candidates, at
whose disposal two of the boxes of the
theater were placed.
Senators Smith and Ward will
speak at Ocean Side to-morrow night
and at Escondido on Wednesday
night. - \-AM t
4
PROCEEDINGS RATIFIED.
San Diego Gives Congressional Xomi
nee a Hearty Reception.
PROMISE VOTES TO SMITH.
GENEVA HAVEN
FOR ASSASSINS
WILL DEMAND
RECOGNITION
Strange anlT Fatal Disease Attacks
Stock on the Ranges of
I . Fresno County.
FRESNO, Sept- 26. — Stockmen in
the neighborhood of Clovia are much
frightened over a new disease that 13
killing their cattle. The animals, -when
stricken, begin to rub their noses on
the ground. Then they cough and in
every case have dropped dead within
ten hours after the first symptoms ap-«
peared.
Veterinarians in this section are at
a loss to name the fatal disease.
CATTI/E ARE STRICKEN" \u25a0 -
AND DIE IN FEW HOURS
OF INTEREST TO PEOPUE *
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Sept. 26. — A
body supposed to be that of David Fox
bT Birmingham, who was killed in the
•wreck near Knoxville. arrived to-day,
but when the coffin was opened it was
• found to contain the remains of an
other man, whose identity has not
been established. The body has been
sent back to Knoxville and several o£»
Fox's relatives have gone there, . .
mo MANY RAIL, DISASTERS.
iSelativc? of Knoxville Wreck Victim
Receive Stranger's Remains.
WRONG BODY SENT HOME.
With the completion of the road we shall
certainly see other enterprises of public Im
portance follow, not the least of which Is
the building In the Immediate future of an
electric line to the confines of the park. This
would place even the metropolis of the State
within two hours* ride of the people's pleas
ure sround.
The letter Is signed by Andrew P. Hill.
W. P. L.yon and A. E. Osborne. members of
the committee on arrangements.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 26. — A meeting of
the State Sempervirens Club has been
called for Friday, September 30, at the
Unitarian church at San Jose. The
meeting has been called for the pur
pose of discussing the matter of a State
road from the summit of Castle Rock
Kidge, above the town of Saratoga,
Santa Clara County, to the California
Slate Redwood Park.' better known as
the Big Basin Park. Following are ex
tracts from a circular letter sent out
by the club:
The Importance of this undertaking must be
patent to all who may recall the fact that
this incomparable virgin forest has been,
up to this time practically Inaccessible except
by tortuous trails over the mountain fastnesses
which for centuries have stood guard above It. 1
Now that this forest has been acquired by
the people of California It becomes absolutely
necessary that Immediate steps be taken to
provide methods of Ingress suitable for the
uses for which it Is Intended. A route has
been surveyed along and over a natural ridge,
the' only formation of Its kind to be found
adjacent to the basin, and which, if adopted,
will permit the building of a highway of most
excellent grade at a very reasonable expense.
The completion of a road as proposed would
brin= the basin within seventeen and a half
miles of Santa Clara County, or twelve miles
by an air line.
We are Dleased to announce that a large
number of influential citizens of the State, to
gether with public officials, have already ex
pressed their approval of this plan, and de
sire to co-operate with us. Representatives of
various boards of trade, and other commer
cial bodies and fraternal societies will be
present from the coast counties, to co-operate
with the various county officials to make
this meeting a success.
SONOMA. Sept. 26. — The first Re
publican rally of the compaign in So
noma County was held here to-night.
Duncan E. McKinlay, candidate for
Congress from the Second District,
was given an enthusiastic reception.
..Congressman James A. McLachlan
ol[ the Rivers and Harbors Commit
tee'was one, of the orators, i He told
of the work necessary to secure the
appropriation sought by the Sonoma
Creek Improvement Club and inform
ed the voters it was important that
they elect a Congressman who was in
sympathy with them and the major
ity in Congress.
Several Sonoma local candidates
also spoke.
. NEWTON, Mass., Sept. 26.— Senator
Henry Cabot Lodge was the guest "of
the Newton Club at dinner to T night and
in a speech following the dinner ad
vocated a policy J&of reciprocity that
would bring compensation ' to the
United States for concessions made and
not prove inimical to American inter
ests. Senator Lodge said that he had
been asked to speak on the subject of
reciprocity and the relation of the two
great political parties to that question.
He continued:
Every one is in favor of reciprocity or any
other policy which will enlarge our foreign
markets, provided that such reciprocity or other
similar policy does not involve a greater sacri
fice than the proposed enlargement of the for
eign market is worth. But because I favor
reciprocity under these conditions I do not
promise to .support any scheme of legislation
or any treaty that any one chooses to labjl
reciprocity. I must reserve my absolute right
to Judge the merits of any scheme when it
arises in accordance with what I believe to be
the best interests of my country and my State.
Either the Democrats do not'favo" reciproci
ty or they do not favor a reduction of duties,
because the two together are impossible and
Incompatible. I should be glad to vote for a
reciprocity treaty with Canada or any other
country which was beneficial to our business
interests and not injurious to American indus
try, agriculture 'or labor. But there is no use
in shutting our eyes to the practical difficulty
which the history of these treaties discloses. I
think we should consider very carefully
whether the true way to improve our foreign
markets is not by general legislation \»hich
will bring a general reciprocity and which
shall bear equally on all parts of the United
States, and. If successful, bring benefits to the
whole country.
Senator Henry Cabot Lodge Speaks in
. . .Massachusetts.
ADVOCATES RECIPROCITY.
GIVE McKINLAY
WARM GREETING
WANT A ROAD
TO BIG BASIN
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26. — Herbert
A. Currier has been appointed post
master at the new office established
at Chena, Alaska, the new earns? orx
the Tanana River.
One new letter carrier will be al
lowed Pasadena October 15. The
proposition of the Schulter Knox
Company for the lease of Quarters for
the postoffice at Sissons has been ac
cepted. - •
Edward M. Palmtagj has been an
nounced as the new assistant cashle?
for the First National .Bank, Salinas.
Herbert A. Currier Is Now Postraas
of New Office at Chena, Alaska.
.Salinas Bank Appointment.
Many Funeral Corteges Wend Their
Way Through KnoxviUe's Streets.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 26.— No
additional, deaths of injured have oc
' .turred to-day and the death list of the
Southern wreck near Newmarket on
£nturday last still stands at sixty-two
Ali of the injured at the Knoxville
'General Hospital are reported doing
veil and only four or five are so des
j.eraioly wounded that death is likely
Ao result-
To-day has been one of sorrow for
tills city. Twelve funerals of victims
of the -wreck were held. One was a
<iruh]e funeral, where two aged sisters
vere buried; at another, mother and
were buried and at still iin
<Mher services were said for a mother
aiid her two little children.
Of the list of sixty-two dead only
Jiw bodies now remain to be identified.
Pour are while men and one a negro.
•Two of the white men may be traced.
;f">ne wears a Masonic badge and had
lhe initials, "G. B." on his linen. The
.5»nJy means of identification of the
- oiher body is through a watch. ma«'e
1> : - the A. C. Kolbach works and num -
jbered 3 3O.S14.
WRECK VlCroiS BURIED.
Jy. perhaps fatally, injured. The wreck j
•jook place at the junction of a small j
etream and the Kickapoo Creek. A \
terrific rainstorm visited that section j
last night and the roadbed of the track j
was washed out for a snort distance,
leaving the rails suspended in the air. |
The train Etnick the unsupported
rails at a high speed. The engine shot
across and left the track, but remained ;
upright. The baggage car was hurled
into a deep ditch and the smoker on
top of it. The chair car remained on
the track. The dead:
John Bock.
Seriously injured— Rev. J. Kennis
•ttfn, Elmwood; Frank Reeding, Gales- ,
burg; M. Lrfintr, Galesburg.
About a dozen of the passengers re
ceived bruises and minor injuries. The j
engineer and fireman remained on their-;
engine. .The track was torn up for a
distance of 100 feet.
PEORIA, 111.. Sept. 26.— As a result
X)l a u-ashout on the Burlington rail
road, two miles east of Elmwood, at
5:50 o'clock this morning, two passen
ger cars were ditched, one man was
killed and three persona were serious- ]
"Pilgrim's Progress"? Great book! .Splendid
allegory. There was Christian and there was
Faintheart and there was Trueht-^irt and there
was Mr. Facing Both Ways. I say to you that
if Parker had lived then that character in that
book would not have been Facing Both Ways,
but it would have been Parker. : „
Speaker Cannon reviewed the history
of the law under which the order was
made and the construction placed on
i*t by Presidents Cleveland and McKin
ley, and continued:
Now, then, when that order of Roosevelt's
was Issued the dickens was to pay, although
along the same principle and in the same man
ner as formerly issued by Cleveland and Mc-
Kinley, and they have been raising a row
about it eve r since, talking of executive usurp
ation. In Parker's first acceptance by speech
he complained of the expenditures of the Gov
ernment under Republican rule, and Roosevelt
came back at him and said: "How are you
going to cut down these expenditures? Are
you for the repeal of that executive order re
lating to the soldiers?"
And Parker now comes back in his letter of
acceptance, Just issued, and Baya: "If I am
elected President 1 will rescind that order."
And then he goes on and says: "But after I
rescind It, I will use, my influence with Con
gress to pasa a bill giving an age service pen
sion to the soldier lhat performed service in
the Civil War." x
I ask: "What age, Parker? What age?
Will it be 75. «6, 62 years, or what? Indefinite
yet still, and probably not sincere.' but sup
pose you are elected President, Mry Parker,
and you use your Influence, what will that
bring in the meantime? From 25.0CO to 60,000
people will have their pensions taken away,
while you promise to use your influence to
have Congress pass a service-pension law with
out stating the age you propose to recognize.
"Now, 1 ask you Mr. Parker, if you are
elected President; who will control the House
of Representatives? Will not two- thirds of
the Democrats of that body be made up of
members from the South; and are they liberal
people with pensions for' the Union soldiers?"
Let us read a chapter from Ae history of
pension legislation as it stands on the statute
books to-day. There have been fourteen bills
passed from time to time and thesei bills form
the Pension Code. Who passed them? Demo
crats for the bills 417; Democrats against the
bills. 648; Republicans for the bills. KKiS; Re
publicans against the bills, none. That's how
the record of the vote upon those measures
stands. Is there any hope therefore for Mr.
Parker's Influence to be effective? He is to
take pensions away from thousands of people
and only- replace them by a promise to use
his influence with a party in Congress that
has a notorious record against that very thing.
\jf\. me ask you, have you ever read Bunyan's
HASTINGS, Neb., Sept. 26.— Speaker
Joseph G. Cannon continued his tour
of Nebraska . to-day. His principal
speech was made here this afternoon.
Speaker Cannon took up and discussed
that part of Judge Parker's letter of
acceptance relating' to the President's
order providing for a graduated pen
sion scale.
£ugine Shoots Across Break,
but Cars Pile Up in Chasm
. Torn by Rushing Waters
Compares Esopus Jurist to
Mr. Facing Both Ways of
the Pilgrim's Progress
• FLOOD DESTROYS TRACK
HE DISCUSSES PENSIONS
Judge James M. Troutt was placed
in nomination by A. J. Dannenbaum of
the Fortieth Assembly District. The
substance of his speech is as follows:
It is of prime and essential importance to
this community to have men of honesty and
stability on the bench.
A Judge must underhand the law and have
the backbone to enforce it, and he must be
ponsesse'i in addition of sufficient human sym
pathy to tr-mi*r justice with mercy
The legal ability of Judge Troutt is known
from one end of this State to the other. A
graduate of Harvard College, for sixteen
years an attorney of the highest standing at
t-e bar of this State, for fourteen years he
has occupied -the position of Judge of the
Fuoerfor Court in this city and county, and
durine this, time has passed upon and suc
cessfully decided some of the moet Important
litlcati-in in the history of California. •*
Evidence of his popularity is shown br^thfe
The nomination was seconded by
Louis S. Beedy.
Burchard's nomination was second
ed by P. A. Bergerot of the Thirty
eighth Assembly District.
GALLAGHER NOMINATED.
E. J. Pringle of the Forty-first As
sembly District placed the name of
James L. Gallagher before the con
vention as nominee for the office of
Superior Judge of the city and county
of San Francisco in the following
short speech:
I propose the name of a candidate for Judge
of the Superior Court who is well known in
San Francisco. He has had a varied car-er in
this city for fifteen or twenty years and is
known as an honest, upright and fair attorney.
1 give you the name of James L.. Gallagher.
The name of Daniel W. Burchard
for the office of Judge of the Superior
Court was Dlaced before the conven
tion in a short speech by "William J.
Herrin of the Forty-second District.
Mr. Herrin said in part:
I wish to nominate a man who is a true Re
publican, a man of Integrity, ability, industry;
a man of family and the home. He has served
six years as District Attorney of Santa Clara.
He has made some enemies, but every man in
office makes enemies; they only prove his
worth, lie has already received the indorse
ment of one convention. Every Judge should
b« pledged to dispense equal Juftice to any
party that may appe&r before him. I feel
confident that Daniel W. Burchard will fear
lessly perform his duties.
Judge Kerrigan's nomination was
seconded by Samuel Feigenbaum and
other delegates that were anxious to
record their districts as favorable to
Judge Kerrigan's candidacy.
At the conclusion of the reading of
the platform Thomas D. Riordan took
the platform to nominate Frank H.
Kerrigan for Judge of the Superior.
Court. In part Mr. Riordan said:
The gentleman whose name I propose placing
before you for nomination for Judge of the
Superior Court needs no commendation from
ra*. Four years ago I had the honor of
facing his name before you for nomination
for the short term of the office he now houis.
Prior to that time the Republicans had hon
ored him by placing him in the office of
Justice of the Peace. After serving in that
office it was found that his record entitled
him to promotion at our hands, and he was
given the nomination for Superior Judge and
was elected. His record of the last four years
again commends him to our support, and I
take pleasure in presenting to you for nom
ination for Superior Judge for the coming
term of six years the name of Frank H. Kerri
gan. He is a native son and a member of
many fraternal orders, and is popular in all
of them. If he is nominated I know that he
will poll a bigger majority than he did four
years ago. and we want strong men for can
didates.
KERRIGAN IS NAMED.
tional amendment providing for the estab
lishment of intermediate appellant courts.
The indorsement of the candidates
for the Assembly was followed by the
appointment of a committee of five to
fill vacancies that may be caused by
death or otherwise. The following
named were appointed:
Peter J. Kelly of the Twenty-eighth. Max
Goldberg of the Thirty-eighth. Henry N.
Ticatty of the Thirty-sixth. F. E. Wallace of
the Thirtieth and Horace Perazzl of the Forty
first.
The purity committee appointed by
the convention is composed of the fol
lowing:
R. W. Dennis of the Thirty-seventh, J. S.
Partridge of the Thirty-fifth. Jesse D Hanna
of the Forty-second, Charles H. Pommerlad of
the Forty-fifth and E. S. Strauss of the Forty
fourth.
Upon the naming of the "committees
the convention adjourned. Following
the adjournment John J. Daly of the
Mission went forward to the chair and
amid much excitement sarcastically
thanked the chairman, George A. Mc-
Gowan, for suppressing the right to a
roll call on the voting for the Judges.
Mr. Daly said that it was the first con
vention he had ever attended in which
delegates had been gagged on a request
for, roll .call. r ,. . -
His protest passed unheeded and the
delegates filed out of the hall.
DATA' MAKES PROTEST.
Following the indorsement of the
Senatorial nominations came the in
dorsement of the nominations for As
semblymen made by the Assembly
district conventions. They are as fol
lows :
Twenty-eighth District, William Mindhan;
Twenty-ninth District John A- Cullen; Thir
tieth District. Francis McXamara: Thirty
first District. Jeremiah Lucey; Thirty-second
District. Patrick J. Boyle; Thirty-third Dis
trict. Fre-ierick J. Meinke; Thirty-fourth Dis
trict. Fred B. Severance; Thirty- fifth District,
K. F. Treadwell; Thirty-sixth District, Eu
gene K. Pfafffle; Thirty-seventh jpiBtrict, -Fred
C. Jones; Thirty-eighth District. Samuel Beck
ett; Thirty-ninth District. Thomas B. Atkin
son: Fortieth District, Gug Hartman; Forty
flrpt District; Nathan C. Coghlan; Forty-sec
ond District, George A. McGowan; Forty-third
District. Marc Anthony; Forty- fourth District
Mel Vogel, and Forty -fifth District, Louis
Strohl.
CONFUSION PREVAILS.
Judge Troutt's nomination was sec
onded by R. A. Hathorn. A motion that
the nominations cIosq prevailed, but a
motion that the secretary cast the bal
lot met with a howl from the Thirty-
fifth and Thirty-sixth districts. These
districts demanded that the roll be
called, but their demand met with a
resistance the chairman could not ig
nore. Amid much confusion he put a
motion made and seconded that the
secretary cast the ballot and it car
ried with a whoop. The delegates of
the protesting districts were so taken
by surprise that they overlooked the
call for "noes" on the motion and it ap
parently went through unanimously.
Following the nomination of the can
didates for the office of Superior Judge
came the confirmation of the nomina
tions made by each Senatorial district
convention. This business was trans
acted quickly, the ' various dis
tricts reporting their dominations in
numerical order. The Senatorial nomi
nations are as follows:
Saventeehth District, Frederick A. Markey;
Nineteenth District. Richard J. "Welch; Twen
ty-first District, E. I. Wolfe; Twenty-third
District, George B. Keane; Twenty-fourth Dis
trict, Philip J. Hasklns (to fill the office made
vacant by the death of Senator George Wil
liams), and Twenty-fifth District, John H.
Nelson. \
fact that at the election sir years ago he
polled the largest vote on either ticket.
The Republican party for the fourth consecu
tive time places on the bench and will keep
there the Hon. James M. Troutt.
One Killed and Three Badly
Hurt in Disaster on Bur
lin<?ton Road in Illinois
Continued From Page 1, Column "*-
Speaker of the House on
His Nebraskan Tour Gives
Forcible Talk at Hastings
WASHOUT CAUSE
OF BAD WRECK
PARKER LETTER
CANNON'S TEXT
LEGISLATIVE AND JUDICIAL ,
CANDIDATES ARE NOMINATED
BY REPUBLICAN CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .SEPTEMBER: 27, 1904. _
BELUNGHAM. Waeh.. Sept. 26. — Edwin
Hughey. " the little son of John H." Hugfcey,
was found smothered to death to-day lrt a
\u25a0hallow pool not mor* Uian 100 foet from hl»
boa: •. \u25a0 - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0„;;.
52 00 buys a card index drawer, 500
record cards, alphabetical index and 25
guide . cards. Loose leaf ledgers, price
books and air modern office systems,
printing, etc. Sanborn, ; Vail & Co., 741
Market street. • ,•\u25a0\u25a0.-••\u25a0\u25a0••
Good Things for Uttle Sloney.
Until October 13 the Santa Fe willsoll
round-trip tickets from San Francisco to
Yosemite Valley for $25 90.
This round trip includes all the fa
mous sights, the big trees, 1 the stupen
dous cliffs and the great waterfalls.
Reports from the Valley are it is unu
sually beautiful and attractive.* Now is
the time to go, Just after >: the, rain.
Hundreds of people are now going. Daily
stages from Merced connect with Santa
Fe morning trains from San : Francisco.
.Full information and folder at 641
Market rstreet, Santa Fe office. :• • , :
2
DR. PIERCirS REMEDIEC
For orer a third of a centnry Dr. Pierce 1 * <
Golden Medical Discovery has sold more
Itxgelj this vxj other blood purifier or
tonic
J$£gSBe3[f aaJes to-
* \u25a0 fi&!«33#fi& day thin
jSy^^sA i sc55S| the true
m An imita-
B tioa of aat-
\'~\ .- -g . waste of
' • > Eg% M tisene and
V^Pk/ impover-
aad -nervous force is used when yon take
an alterative extract of herbs and roots,
withoot the use of alcohol, like Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery. This vegetable
medicine coaxes the digestive functions
and helps in the assimilation of food, or
rather takes from the food just the nutri-
ment the blood requires.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
purifies the blood and entirely eradicates
the poisons that breed and feed disease.
It thus cures scrofula, ecsenia, erysipelas,
boils, pimples, and other eruptions that
mar and scar. the skin. Pure blood is
essential to good health. The weak, run-
down, debilitated condition which so many
people experience is commonly the effect
of impure blood. . Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery net only cleanses the
blood of imparities, but it increases the ac-
tivity of the blood-making glands, and it
enriches the body with an abundant supply
of pure, rich blood.
"No matter bow powerful the intellect or
the resources of intellectual power, it must
be backed up by physical force. Every
day the yofctn or man must manufacture
a pint of rich, ajtcrial blood, that is pure,
fstimnlathijj to the brain, and that can re-
Imild the tissues that were destroyed- in
yesterday's work. * '
Dr. Ptexce's Pellets core hiliouauesa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H This Cap Label pi
la Is a guarantee of the purify U&
I s| antfrrlchness of our rri
lH is GT Ltil
H Brand B
S Evaporated B
B Cream fl
B We offer U : -t
B $5,000 reward | j
H to anyone able to prove |»
fln adulteration flfiL
jgjjjp of our product
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Hf by P e °Pte of refinement -
for over a quarter of a century
PRf PARED BV \
CARTERS) craB , s1CK headache.
SSittie .Genuine Must Bear
I WUL& Fa *-S""*He Signature
l^^fe^ 5& To sweeten, Dispels colds and I
iSS^: ' •*-£* ?: ft/rVf w *^9^* * *rf*" g *c^. m^vivi/IlI^ lf"4l *\u25a0 \u25a0' m 5'- ! wfa 4v Sk b^b 1 M C^ 11 11
Bag .'\u25a0• jf->£-JP *-^£^ri-- jL *""fl n Am B^K" \u25a0 | r*N) 1 j f I JB C^ *fm \3. sfa \^ g /| m-* fcJ w V AA •• n
• P^S^Sk. .'\u25a0\u25a0»Mj To clcaftsc the \ bilious or con-
\u25a0• fP'f ||t| ' system, \u25a0 J stipated;
§f ||l|||j| \ Effectually ) P For men, women -.
11 1 Gently; \ and children;
\u25a0 fl 6^SJ There is, only V Acts best on j
wV9§ one Gcnu ' nc § the kidneys I
Wk[09fMI Syrup of Figs; A and liver j
3f§^ % to get its behe- ! stomach and
|ji \; f ficiol effects bowels; I
Always buy the genuine— Manufactured by the' I
f:M The genuine Syrup of Figs is for sale by all first-class druggists. The /
mft } foil name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co. — is always 8
y printed on the front of every package. Price Fifty Cents per bottle.LOS ANGELES. Sept. 26. — James
Shebkler. probably the best known
druggist in Pasadena, was jailed at
12:30 o'clock this morning, charged
with arson. A suspicious firer was dis
covered in his store about 10 o'clock
and officers finding that he was sadly
in need of money placed him under
arrest. He is a son-in-law of Mrs.
E. E. Monner, who is reputed to be
worth half a million dollars.
Charge Druggist With Arson.
Major Thomas R. Adams, who was
struck by a Powell-street car on Sat
urday night, died at the Emergency
Hospital at an early hour this morning.
Colonel Girard, U. S. A., sent two
of the most skilled army nurses from
the Presidio General Hospital to his
bedside and they were in attendance
day and night.
. Judge John Stokes Adams, a broth
er of Major Adams, started last night
from Philad<JiphIa to be with his
brother. .
Major. Adams Is Dead.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 26. — Gen
eral Sakharoff , ( in a dispatch dated
yesterday, telegraphs that the Japan
ese advance 'guard during the last few
days attempted to occupy Kaoutou
Pass,' commanding the road to Fu-
Bhun, but were repulsed by a detach
ment of the Russian advance guard.
On the south front all was quiet,
though shots were exchanged daily
and skirmishes occurred between the
advance posts.'
Japanese Fail In an Attempt to Oc
cupy Kaoutou Pass.
ADVANCE GUARD REPULSED.
UKIAH. Sept. 26.— Dr. G. A. Woelf
fel of Willits was called to his office
one day last week by a Greek, 'who
had a badly swollen cheek, which he
wished lanced. The doctor lanced the
cheek and had turned to cleanse the
blade of his Instrument when the pa
tient seized another lance from a case
of surgical instruments and struck at
him. Woelffel warded off the blow,
which was aimed at his heart, but be
fore he could disarm his asailant he
received a dangerous cut in the left
forearm. The Greek then fled and of
ficers have been unable to locute him.
He Is supposed to have been- insane,
as no other reason can be assigned for
his assault on the doctor. **
Patient of Ukiah Physician Makes
Murderous Assault Upon Medico
'After Undergoing Operation.
TRIES TO STAB DOCTOR
WHO LANCES HIS CHEEK
Two Eight-Year-Old Lads Break Into
Store nnd Attempt to
Open Safe.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 26.— Two eight
year-old boys, and a K-year-old boy
were arrested for breaking into and
robbing the money drawer of Frank
Bruchi's store Saturday night. The
young burglars also attempted to pry
open a safe, but failed. They got but
S3 from the drawer.
BOYS NOT YET IN TEENS
ARRESTED FOR ROBBERY
The writer, who professes to have
"Inside information," says that Pasa
dena will be the county seat of the
new county, although Pomona has
ambitions In that direction.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 26. — The
Board of County Supervisors at a busy
session to-day received a startling bit
of information. in the shape of a let
ter from a Pomona man, who. failed
to sign, his full name, announcing that
there was a movement on foot to cut
slices off the counties of Los Angeles
and San Bernardino and build there
with another county.
"INSIDE INFORMATION"
IS GIVEN SUPERVISORS
HONOLULU, Sept. 26. — Melton
Prior, the British newspaper corre
spondent, who arrived here to-day on
the Pacific Mail steamship Mongolia
from Yokohama, says he feels abso
lutely certain that the war in the Far
East will lead to European complica
tions and to the most awful war in
the world's history. Prior complains
that Japan has displayed bad faith
toward all the correspondents. This,
he says, is his twenty-seventh cam
paign and it Is the only one in which
he has seen nothing. He believes that,
with the possible exception of the bat
tle of Liaoyang, not one correspondent
has seen a shot fired, and he even
doubts if the Liaoyang fighting was
witnessed by a newspaper man.
Other correspondents are returning
on the Mongolia. Richard Harding
Davis Is going to the United States by
way of Victoria.
Famous War Writer Denounces Treat
ment Accorded Him.
BITTER TOWARD JAPAN.
The affair is causing much excite
ment, as it Is known .to what extremes
these people will go to obtain their
ends. It is feared they have started
on the longest pilgrimage they have
ever had. The royal Northwest
mounted police are being rushed to
the scene.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, Sept. 26. —
Word has been received here from the
Doukhobor colonies near Saswatoon,
N. W. T., that a large body of Douk
hobors has started on a march for
the United States. This time they are
not looking for the Messiah, but are
on a trek for a warmer climate.
Dotikhobors Leave Their Cold Quar
ters In Northwest Territory for
the United States.
They decided to go out hunting last
Friday. The skies looked threatening,
but theyfelt safe. • After going a short
distance they wounded a bear. They
started after the animal and suddenly
realized they were lost. They tramp
ed over the mountains all day without
finding the town of Minersville and
finally after dark Delarose' declared h»
cculd go no farther. He was worn out
and suffering from cold.
The miners had but one match and
with this they started a fire. At day
break they found the trail to Miners
ville. -
REDDING, Sept. 26.— -Miners Wil
liam Delarose and James H. Strange
of Happy Valley, this county, were lost
In the wilds of Trinity County, In the
vicinity of Minersville, during the
storm of Friday.;" «
Follow Wounded Bear, Lose Trail and
' Wander About Mountains
for Hours.
MIXERS LOST IX WILDS
OF TRINITY DURING STORM
NOT LOOKING FOR MESSIAH,
BUT A WARMER CLIMATE
MONTEREY, Sept. 26. — The body
of Mary . H. Eastwood of San Fran
cisco was found in Del Monte Lake
this afternoon. It Is evidently a case
of suicide. The woman had been vis
iting friends in Pacific Grove and on
Saturday announced her intention of
returning home and. left. Where she
put In the .time between Saturday af
ternoon and Monday noon cannot be
ascertained.
The woman was about 45 years of
age and her apparel indicates at least
comfortable circumstances.
The remains are in Oliver's Morgue
awaiting* the arrival of her husband,
who has been notified. No cause is
assigned for the woman's deed by her
relatives here.
Mary H. Eastwood Ends Visit to Pa
cific Grove by Taking
Her Life.
SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN
DROWNS HERSELF IN LAKE
NEW YORK,. Sept 26. — Amid
scenes of weeping, seventy-five chil
dren have taken their departure from
the New York Foundling Asylum for
new homes in the West, secured by
agents of the charity.
The children were taken from the
home by Fifth-avenue stages and
placed aboard a special passenger car,
in which, they are now speeding west
ward, bound for Nebraska and Ari
zona. All are from three to five years
old. A large, crowd gathered to see
them start, while wealthy patronesses
of the institution looked on with moist
eyes and the nurses who had reared
the little ones were deeply affected.
cial Car for New Homes in Ne
braska and Arizona.
Little Charity Wards Start In Spe-
SEVENTY-FIVE FOUNDLINGS
LEAVE NEW YORK FOR WEST
PEKING, Sept. 26. — By imperial
edict Tang, the customs taotal at
Tientsin, has been promoted to the
rank of brevet deputy lieutenant gen
eral and ordered to proceed to Tibet
to investigate and deal with Tibetan
affairs. « '
Tang is a Tale graduate and one of
China's shrewdest officers. He is op
posed to foreigners. By this promo
tion he outranks the Chinese Amban
resident in Tibet, as well as all Chi
nese Ministers abroad, being the third
grade in the civil and the second
grade in the military hierarchy. As
the Amban has signed the Anglo-Ti
betan agreement, which China pro
tests as an infringement of her ex
clusive rights, Tang's appointment
may be considered as China's answer
to the British demands.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1804. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
TANG GIVEN HIGH POWER.
Yale Chinese Graduate to Deal Wltb
the Tibetan Problem.
CRICAGO. Sept. 26. — George Barr Me-
Cutcheon. the author, xras married here to
litfht to Mrs. Marie Vaa Antwerp Fay of
Highland Park. 111. Only immediate relatives
cf both wer» present. Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Catcheon will leave for a trip to Europe
to-ccrrow.
MONTEREY, Sept. 26. — A tele
phone message from Posts gives mea
ger details of the accidental shooting
of a member of the Vantana Power
Company's staff at Little Sur, some
forty miles south of this place. The
victim with others was hunting deer
and became separated from the party.
He made a slight noise and an over
zealous nimrod, thinking a deer was
in the bushes, fired. The wounded
man was conveyed to camp and Dr.
Teaby of this city was summoned,
but death ensued before the surgeon
arrived.
The victim's name is not known
here and there is much speculation
regarding his identity, as several cap
italists connected with the Vantana
Company are at Little Sur.
Overaealons Nimrod Shoots and Kills
Member of Hunting Party Who
Had 'Strayed.
MI STAKES MAN FOR DEER ,
AND FIRES FATAL SHOT
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Sept. 26.— Two ne
groes were killed and three fatally in
jured in a race rjot near Lynchburg.
Miss., fifteen miles south of Memphis,
to-day. The shooting took place on
the plantation of J. J. Johnson. The
latter with his two sons and two
friends went into a field to gather a
load of corn. The field was worked on
shares by a negro family named Kin
ney.
As the white men were driving their
wagon from the field a fusillade from
a party of blacks met them. The fire
was returned with the result that two
negroes were killed outright and three
were fatally shot. A number of whites
Joined the white party and are now
searching for others of the attacking
party. The names of the dead and
wounded are not obtainable.
Race Riot In Mississippi, Started by
Colored Men, Ends Fatally for
the Assailants.
TWO NEGROES ARE KILLED
IN FIGHT WITH WHITES
COLON, Sept. 26.— The American
Consulate at Cartagena having been
twice recently besmeared with filth,
Rear Admiral Sigsbee, with his flag
ship, the Newark, was ordered to pro
ceed to Cartagena and Investigate the
circumstances. The gunboat Newport,
Commander Mertz, Joined the flagship
on September 25. In a communication
to Governor Louis Patron, Admiral
Sigsbee says, In part:
I flnd your expressions of regret for the
acts of indecency on behalf of yourself and
your Government satisfactory, but that thejr
have not been given publicity. I suggest addl
tlonal precautions to prevent the recurrence
of such incidents and fuller publicity of the
Government's expression of regret. In order
to avoid a friendly visit assuming a more
difficult feature. .
Governor Patron by reiter
ating his regrets." ~ . »'*
American Warships Compel Apology
for - Insulting Acts at
Cartagena.
COLOMBIAN GOVERNOR
IS BROUGHT TO TERMS
The party put out from San Pedro at
5 o'clock Sunday afternoon in the
launch Ramona, with Harry Lunch as
skipper. The passengers were: Mrs.
Ellen Kissee and her sister, Mrs. Shaw,
of East San Pedro. Miss Louise Freeby
of Long Beach, Captain Tom Olsen of
East San Pedro and C. Clements and
J. Aroff of San Pedro. A mile off
Point Fermin the engine stopped.
In a struggle to stop .the seaward
drift the thwarts were ripped from
their places and converted into crude
paddles. Then the rain began. Cold
and penetrating it came down steadily
all through the night. About noon to
day the steamer James S. Higgins
sighted the drifting party, picked the
unfortunates up In a terribly exhausted
condition and brought them In.
One of the party. Captain Tom Ol
6en, suffered so much from the fright
and exposure that he became tempor
arily insane and it is feared he may
not recover.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 26.— Adrift all
the night and half of the day on the
ocean off Point Fermin in a brok«n
down launch, without water or pro
visions, and slowly floating farther
away from land, without power to aid
themselves, was the experience of a
party of six persons, three men and
three women, who were picked up at
noon to-day about two miles off the
breakwater by the steamer James S.
Higgins, bound to San Pedro from Eu
reka.
While the Washington Government
won a distinct victory In the decision
of, the commission regarding contra
band, which in effect recognized Secre
tary Hay's contention that the
"enemy" In the Russian declaration
beinterpreted "Government or forces"
and not "ports or territory," and spe
cifically mentioned articles as contra
band, it is thought the American Gov
ernment will still refuse to acquiesce
in the placing of cotton, fuel and rail
road, telegraph and telephone material
in the list of absolute contraband.
Nevertheless, in view of the assur
ances given as to the future, and espe
cially in view* o{ the naval situation in
the Far East, which has removed any
pressing danger to American com
merce with Japan, the authorities ex
pect that the United States will await
the decision of the appeal from the
tribunal in the Calchas and Arabia
cases before proceeding further. It
the decision be unsatisfactory and rep
resentations are renewed, there is rea
son to believe that Russia would con
cede the point regarding cotton.
ST. PETERSBURG. Sept. 26. —
Neither the United States nor Great
Erltaln has renewed diplomatic repre
sentations to Russia on the question of
contraband. In diplomatic circles here
Interest is felt over the ultimate issue.
It is hardly believed here that either
the United States or Great Britain pur
poses to allow the matter to rest in its
present aspect.
United States.
Russia Awaits the Next Move by the
The Pope recognizes that even on
this occasion God sent comfort through
the manifestation of filial affection re
ceived yesterday from the 10,000 mem
bers of the Catholic Association of
French youths, but he wishes to have
in Rome a solemn function of atone
ment for the outrage of divine majes
ty and for the vindication of the honor
and good name of the city.
The Pope says the insult was ren
dered the more grave by the free
thinkers meetinff in Rome, the city
which had been destined as a deposi
tory of the faith, thus taking from
Rome its designation as the tranquil,
respected see of Christ's vicar.
"We, therefore," the Pope adds, "will
make ours the offense offered to God,
gathering in our heart all its bitter
ness."
A new cause of bitterness has been added to
the many anxieties which, especially In our
time, accompany the government of the uni
versal church. We have learned with infinite
sorrow that It is asserted that the cultivators
of free ihoviuht have met In Rome, while,
the painful echo of their speeches is unfor
tunately confirmed by their grim signs. In
telligence Is the noblest gift the Creator has
granted us, but it becomes sacrilegious when
subtracted from dei>endency on the Almighty
or rejecting the direction and comfort of di
vine truth.
ROME, Sept. 26.— The Pope has ad
dressed to the Cardinal Vicar a pro
test against the Congress of Free
Thinkers held here week. • The
text was published in the Osservatore
Romano this evening with a letter
from the Cardinal Vicar inviting Cath
olics to" attend a service of atonement,
to be held in all the basilicas of Rom©
an Thursday next.
.The Pope, in his letter to Cardinal
Respighi, the Vicar General of the
Pontiff, said:
Special Dispatch to Tbe CalL
CONTRABAND ISSUE UNSETTLED.
Launch Breaks Down and
for a Night and Half a Day
D rifts About in the Ocean
Their Meeting in Eome
Regarded as Intentional
Insult to the Pontiff
NARROW ESCAPE
OF SIX PERSONS
FREE THINKERS
GRIEVE PIUS X
President Eoosevelt to Take
Early Action to Secure
Peace Conference at Hague
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— President
Roosevelt Is in receipt of a letter from
Luke E. Wright, Governor of the Phil
ippines, in which Wright discusses
frankly some of the conditions which
he encountered in directing the govern
ment of the islands. Under date of
August 15 General Wright wrote In
part as follows:
Th» continued dfscusslon of the capacity of
the Filipino for self-government is having Its
effect here and makes our task more difficult
than it otherwise would be. The leas a man
is equipped with intelligence and those quali
ties which make for good citizenship, the mora
easily can he be persuaded that he is th«
possessor of all these qualities. These people
have their full share of ambition and vanity
and they also have their full share of reck
less, half- formed characters, who are ready
for Intrigue In any direction which promises
them profit or power. It is this class whlcb
has largely given force and direction to the
Agllpayan movement and has recruited Us
ranks from the ignorant and dangerous ele
ments.
In this general connection I may say to you.
as a matter of Information, that the agitation
•In the United States for Filipino Independence
and the spoken and written utterances of
prominent men there, who are urging it. ar»
all brought here and published in the native
newspapers and are being made the text for
editorials Insisting that the Philippine peopl*
are now ready to become an Independent na
tion.
The effect of all this is distinctly injurious.
Its tendency Is to renew the ln£uene« cf old
Insurrection leaders and make them aetlv*
In preaching the old propaganda. This. In
turn, has the effect of demoralizing and weak
ening the more conservative and thoughtful
Filipinos, who fear that if they ap«ak out as
they really think they would he considered th*
enemies of their people and lose their prentlss
with them. . Thoae of the more- prominent and
better educated, who naturally have their am
bitions. ar» Inclined to Join In the- general cry.
SANTA FE ENGINEER IS
KILLED IN SALOON ROW
Tragedy Excites Railroad Men at
Trinidad, Colo., Where the Mur
derer Is Under Arrest.
TRINIDAD. Colo., Sept 26. — Dur
ing a quarrel in a saloon at Raton. N.
M.. to-night George Willis, a coal
m'ner, shot and killed Jeff Ball, a
Santa Fe engineer. Willis was ar
rested. There Is considerable excite
ment among the railroad men at
Raton over the killing, but the officers
fear no further trouble.
NEW YORK. Sept 26.— A desire
expressed by Dr. George Conant who
died last week, that his brain be de
livered to the department of phys
iology of Cornell University In the in
terest of scientific research, will never
be fulfilled. The body of the physi
cian has been cremated by order of
his relatives, who objected to the ful
fillment of his wish regarding the dis
position of his brain.
Relatives Object to Cornell UnlTer
sity Examining; Dr. Conant's
Brain— Body Is Cremated.
SCIENCE WILL NOT BENEFIT
AS PHYSICIAN DESIRED
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26.— President
Roosevelt's announcement on Saturday
to the delegates of the Interparlia
mentary Union that at an early date
he would invite the nations of the
world to send delegates to a second
peace conference whose work should
be supplemental to that of the con
ference at The Hague is regarded as
a historic advance toward the adjust
ment of international difficulties
through the medium of arbitration.
Quite naturally, the question arose as
to how soon the President might call
the conference. He did not Indicate,
in his address, the probable time of
his Issuance of the call, but it can be
stated that he will not await the con
clusion of peace between Japan and
Russia, both signatories to The Hague
convention, before issuing his call. It
is his present intention, in about six
weeks, to bring the matter to the at
tention of the nations of the world,
with a view to ascertaining their de
sires as to the time and place of hold
ing the second conference. These pre
liminary inquiries will be made through
the Department of State. As soon
thereafter as the replies received shall
warrant, the President will Issue his
formal call for, the conference, which
probably will be early in the coming
year. •
BERLIN INTERESTED
German Foreign Office In Sympathy
With Mr. Roosevelt's Plan.
BERLIN, Sept 26. — President
Roosevelt's announcement Saturday of
his intention to call a second peace
conference of the nations of the world,
whose work should be supplemental
to that of The Hague arbitration con
ference, attracts much attention here.
The Foreign Office expresses Itself
generally as sympathetic- toward the
idea if the President's propositions are
confined to practical, tangible meas
ures, without attempting anything like
general disarmament or an adjudica
tion of the difficulties which touch the
sovereignty and honor of states, as
would be involved In any scheme of
compulsory arbitration.
Among the foreign embassies here
It was learned by a representative of
the Associated Press that the idea of
an international peace conference
during the Russo-Japanese \u25a0war would
be considered inopportune by Russia,
as questions now under controversy
between Russia and several of the
neutral powers would most likely
come before It The necessity for a
conference after the war to define
contraband and the extent to which
neutrals may assist belligerents by the
sale of ships and munitions is fully
recognized.
GREAT BRITAIN APPROVES.
Authorities in London Would Send
. Representative to The Hague.
LONDON, Sept 28.— The Foreign
Office has received no official intima
tion from Washington of the intention
of President Roosevelt to call a second
peace conference at The Hague. It
states if such an Invitation Is extend
ed undoubtedly Great Britain will be
represented. It is suggested, however,
that the President, when he extends
the invitation, will fix a date so that
the meeting will take place after Jap
an and Russia have arranged for
peace.
BURGLARS LOOT STORE
AND THEN APPLY MATCH
Thieves Carry Away Every Portable
; Article Before Setting Fire to
Bnlldins.
BAKBRSFTELD, Sept. 26. — Burg
lars looted the China grade roadhouse
on the oil field road last night and
after carrying: . away whatever was
portable set fire to the bulldlnr and
burned It to the ground. The prop
erty belonged to- S. C. Oldham and
was not insured.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 26.— The
navaJ organ, Kotlin, to-day publishes
an article predicting that Rear Admiral
Wiren will attempt to break out of
Port Arthur with his ships and return
to Europe. The paper admits that the
task of escaping from Admiral Togo
appears to be hopeless, if one takes for
comparison Admiral Cervera's attempt
to get away from Santiago, but adds
that Wlren's men, unlike the Spaniards,
have plenty of experience.
The Russ and the Invalid, both re
ferring in a matter of fact tone to the
Imperial rescript issued on Sunday,
simply say It was necessitated by the
fact ,that the Manchurian army has
grown beyond the size which even Na
poleon found one man could handle
successfully.
The Russ adds the hope that Gen
oral Kuropatkin will be allowed to as
sume supreme command and thus reap
the fruits of ultimate victory, for
which he has so long carefully and
self-sacriflcingly prepared.
LONDON. Sept. 27.— Telegraphing
from 'Chefu, Ihe correspondent of the
Daily Mail says:
"Photographs received from Port Ar
thur, which were taken as late as Sep
tember 14, show that the piles of coal
stacked on the Tiger's Tall at the be
ginning of the war are still there."
WILL NOT WAIT
UNTIL WAR ENDS
MUKDEN. Sept 26.— Doubts are
beginning to be felt as to whether it
will be possible to continue the cam
paign through the winter, which be
gins in November. The Chinese have
been unable to harvest their crops
and there probably will be much dis
tress, as it is difficult to bring -up
stores from China for the native pop
ulation,
j. -»-
Chinese Face Food Shortage.
Russian * Naval Journal
Admits That Task
Is Hopeless.
Following the president's address the
election of members and the reports of
the secretary, treasurer and executive
committee were in order. After the
adoption of the foreign reports of the
eociety treasurer and executive com
mittee, members were elected to the
general council as follows:
Alaska. Melville C. Brown: Arizona,
J. C. Herndon; California, Charles
Monroe: Hawaii. David L. Withington;
Idaho. William W. Woods: New Mex
ico, Thomas U. Catron: Oregon, R. S.
Bean. Philippine Islands. David W.
Yancey; Washinjrton, C. F. Hanford.
Directly preceding the recess for
luncheon a special meeting of the new
!r elected general council was held, at
Tvhlch Ainasa Eaton of Providence, R.
I., was -elected chairman. The nomina
tions of 100 new members were then
approved.
The first order of business upon the
reconvening of the session was the
election of 13S new members, whose
nomination the prenera.1 council had
approved. J. M. Dickerson of Chicago
then read a paper on "The Alaskan
Rounday Case," which occupied the re
mainder of the session.
.ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26.— The largest and
.most represent a Live gathering in the
nlyjory of the American Bar Associa
tion Marked the opening session of the
'twenty-sevent-h annual convention of
the association, which convened to
day. Among the COO members of the
association in attendance, together
uith the many foreign delegates to the
Universal Congress of Lawyers and
Jurists, are Associate Justice Brewer
o£ thf- United St2tes Supreme Court;
Hon. John W. Foster, former Secretary
of State; and Sir William Kennedy,
Chief Justice of the High Court of
England. The crowded balcony of vis
itors evinced the widespread interest
taken in the meeting.
The convention continues until Wed
nesday noon, when the Universal Con
gress of Lawver? ar.d Jurists will as
semble under the auspices of the asso
ciation.
The me^tinr was called to order by
James Hagerman of St. Louis, 'presi
dent of the association. Addresses of
welcome were made by President Fran
cis of the Louisiana Purchase Exposi
tion, President John D. Lawson of the
Missouri Bar Association and Presi
dent Klein of the Bar Association of
St. Louis. President Hajrerman then
delivered his address, in which he com
municated the most noteworthy
ohajiges in statute law on points of
general interest made in the several
States and by Congress during the pre
ceding year. He said in part:
Ccnrress hi* passed cr«? very Important
act. of far-reaching consequence, to regulate
•hipplnr :n trade between ports of the United
States and rort* or places in the Philippine
Archlpelaco. and between port* or places In
the Philippines. In tcy Judgment the need
«-f the time* Is that the mandate should go
forth to the American r*op!e, as the Judg
ment of their bench and bar. that Terri
t rles ciui only be penracecUy held by the
felted 8tate» upon the condition that the
residents and Inhabitants shall be citizens
v! the United States and that there shaU
be no tar!? laws between such Territories
and the states of the Union, but all shall
b» within that tone of fre« trade, which
fc*s heretofore included our States and Ter
ritories. I am not one of those who think.lt
I- absolutely essential that Territories of
the United States should be admitted ta state
hood, for I believe th« under our system
Territories can be governed as such in har
mony with our republican-democratic con
stitutional principles.
LONDON. Sept. 27.— According to
the Daily Mail's correspondent at Liao
yang, general orders were discovered
by the Japanese in a building at Liao
yang which hud been used by the Rus
sians as headquarters. These orders
reveal an amazing lack of discipline
In General Kuropatkin's army. They
show that several commanding officers
have been cashiered.
T'ae commander of the Second Ural
Cossacks was removed on July 11 for
abandoning a position upon hearing
that the Japanese were approaching.
He made no investigation of the ru
mor. His retirement seriously endan
gered the Russian operations.
Two colonels of Siberian sharp
shooters were cashiered on July 23. No
reason for this action Is given in the
orders. The commander of the Fifth
Cossacks was cashiered for habitual
drunkenness and behavior unbecom
ing an officer.
The correspondent adds that these
orders show conduct that is In strik
ing contrast to that of the Japanese,
whose sobriety, orderliness and perfect
discipline have excited the admiration
of observers throughout the war.
A general order was issued on July
33 censuring officers for publicly be
littling: the ability of their superiors.
Another order stated that ammuni
tion and transport wagons were often
needlessly abandoned on the field and
directed that greater care be exercised
in view of the difficulty of replacing
them. Quick-firing batteries were cen
sured for wasting ammunition and for
wild firing.
. Another order, issued on July 28,
strongly rebuked non-commissioned of
ficers- for destroying Chinese property
and mistreating women. The trouble,
apparently, was not stopped, for on Au
gust 3* an order again denounced acts
of this character and ordered regi
mental commanders to be more vigi
lant.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 26. — The
cause of the extreme deliberation In
the Japanese advance on Mukden was
explained by a dispatch from General
Kuropatkin this afternoon, which In
dicates that Field Marshal- Oyama has
not yet concentrated his forges. Fresh
troops are constantly arriving at Ben
slaputze, while others which recently
reached Liaoyang are marching up
the- Taltse River to Slanchan. These
reinforcements, presumably, come
from Japan. As soon as the fourth
Japanese army, at Sianchan, is suffi
ciently strong, it is now evident, the
Japanese intend to resort to their fa
vorite flanking tactics, move a formid
able array again Kuropatkin's left and
compel the evacuation of Sintslntin.
They evidently are reconnoitering the
ground over which the Sianchan army
will march up and cross the river.
Meanwhile General Kuroki is trying
to seize and cross the Hun River far
east of Mukden. Thence he will move
down the river and co-operate with
the fourth army from Sianchan, while
Oku and Nodzu engage Kuropat
kin's attention south of Mukden. The
attacks on Da Pass and Sanlungku on
September 20 were the first symptoms
of this vast flanking movement.
Kuropatkin now reports that Jap
anese scouts have been encountered
nfcar the Hun River, half way to Muk
den, trying to seize Kaoutou Pass, ten
miles northeast of Bentslaputze, in or
der to clear the way to Fushun, and
that Oku's and Nodzu'8 outposts have
been engaged in heavy skirmishing
with Cossacks near Inpu, between
Eentsiaputze and the railroad.
The Mongolia was twice cut off from
the squadron, but the Japanese sig
naled her to steer to the left, which
she did. Once the Mongolia was be
tween two fires and frequently the
Japanese torpedo-boats passed quite
close to her, but she was not attacked
throughout the fight and returned
safely to Port Arthur.
Special Dispatch to Tb<? Call
ilen Famous in Profession
Both Here and Abroad Are
Present at Opening Session
Easily Aroused by Anti-
Administration Speeches
During Present Campaign
Remnant of Fleet Will
Attempt to Return i
to Europe.
Incompetence of Subordinates, Failure. to Obey
Commands and Drunkenness Are Evils
That Hamper Kuropatkin.
General 'Kuroki Is Attempting to Seize and Cross
the Hun River Many Miles to the
Eastward of -Mukden.
DISTINGUISHED JUKISTS
NATIVES AEE KESTLESS
Governor of Philippines
Deplores the Agitation by
the Politicians at Home
American Bar Association
Holds Annual Gathering at
St. Louis and Many Attend
PORT ARTHUR
SHIPS TO RUN
THE GAUNTLET
General Orders Captured by Japanese at Liaoyang
Reveal an Amazing Lack of Discipline
in the Russian Army.
Vast Flanking of the Japanese Armies Under Field
Marshal Marquis Oyama Now Well
Under Way.
MANY SLAV OFFICERS CASHIERED FOR COWARDICE
LAWYERS MEET
IN CONVENTION
WRIGHT'S TASK .
GROWS HARDER
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1904*
/A world'* ta.tr excursion of th« Volunteer
Firemen of th« Pacific Coast will leave San
Francisco over the lines of the Southern Pa
cific Tuesday. October 4. The objective point
is Boston, but the party will go through St.
Louis, stopping there .on -their return for four
days. . This is an open excursion, . and a fine
chance for everybody,. to visit the world's 'fair
or the East. " Round trip to Boston. $102 15.
Ask about It to-day at southern Pacific office.
liU MAfkftt ilitcl ' / •
Excursion of Volunteer Firemen.
JAPANESE HUMANITY.
Xapa Felons fc'«?ntenccd.
NAPA, Sept. • 26.— Superior Judge
Gcsford to-day sentenced J. Phelps to
Folsom for five years, J. T. Morris to
San Quentin for fifteen years and J.
A. Cassaday to Folsom for nine years.
Phelps was convicted of forgery. Cas
saday of burglary and Morris, who is
64 years of arc of assault
Picture Frames'.
We have lots of new things in picture
frames and hundreds of new patterns In
frames moldings recently selected at
Kastern factories, which, we will be glad
to show to anyone interested in the beau
tiful patterns brought out this fall. San
born, Vail &. Co., 741 Market street. •
Russian Hospital Ship Spared During
Port Arthur Naval Battle.
ST. PETERSBURG, Sept. 26.— A
private letter from a person on board
the Russian hospital ship Mongolia
at Port Arthur describing: the flgrht
following Rear Admiral Withoeffs sor
tie, pays. tribute, to the courtesy and
unncideration shown by the JaDanesC.
3
-V DOAN'S PILLS.
YESJHO?
San Francisco People Are
BesuBCtTnlly AsKefl to An-
. . swer Tlese Qaestions.
T « —^-
Is tljere anything in the eridencc
of one's senses?
Is there anything in the testimony
of one's friends?
Can reliance be placed upon state-
ments from people we know?
Are the opinions of local citizens
of any greater moment than those
of strangers?
Would you sooner believe people
living in some far-away place than
citizens of your own city?
We think not, for home proof can
easily be investigated.
Captain N\ Xason, retired, of 3328
Twenty-second street, says: "I am
pot, certain whether a fall I met with
some seven years ago was the prim-
ary cause of my backache or not,
but I noticed from then on I was
subject to attacks. Knowing that my
kidneys were either sluggish or over-
excited, it struck me if Doan's Kid-
nry Pills were for those organs alone
tliry might help me to tide over a
rather severe attack of backache, and
7 took a course of the treatment. It
•topped the/ aching. I will be pleased
to recommend Doan's Kidney Pills
when opportunities, present them-
selves."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Fostcr-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y. t
bole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
A FATAL ERROR.
A rr.£n steps ir.ta your office, draws up
his chair, and talks right into your face.
His breath is offensive. Your only th'ught is
how to get rid of him and his business. You
cat him short with. "I am not Interested."
SOZODONT
Is essential to one whsse breath Is not pure
zr.i sveet. Penetrating the little crevices,
it deodorizes, sweetens and purifies them,
L gjid makes yea feel genteel and clean-cut.
„ S FORMS . LIQUID. POWDER PASTE *
ADVERTISEMlL\Ta.
"Yes,** assented Golden
Gate, "I know yon make
more profit on bulk
coffee, bat Mon*t yon
realize that a satisfied
coffee enstomer will
always buy other things
from yon?
"I dive satlsf action*
draw trade and yield
yon a fair profit. See
the point?"
Xot&lai ioma wttk GO1DEN OATS
COFFEE bat ••tlafaetlom. N»
prlie« — no eotf«it-i« crocktrjr.
I mmi 2 lb. arama-tlrfkt tlaa.
Jimrmt tali la kolk.
J. A. Folder Ol Co.
San Francisco
THE SMILE OF SOLID
SATISFACTION
That o'erspreads the faces of our
pleased customers when they put to the
test a sample of our superb laundry
work is a smile that never fades, because
under all circumstances our work Is al-
ways up to the highest standard of ex-
cellence. No rougrn edges on your col-
lars or cuffs, no blisters on your shirt
fronts, no dirt that Is not thoroughly
washed out and no broken promises la
delivering finished work.
UNITED STATES LAUNDW
1004 MABXET STJUGXT
Ctlapaoat South 430.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SICK HEADACHE
FT • — iPositlYelrcured ky
these Little Pills.
vMltl LilO Tbey also reUerre IMs-
SSJgjH ,__ . _ tress trora Dyspepsia. In-
fj&9 ITT LE digestion and Too Hearty
* jUrp EatiEg. A perfect rem*
PU 'I y h J? edy for Dimness. Kausea,
|U PILLS. Drowsiness Bad Tasta
jjgf 'MB in the MonUu Coated
eM£WK$m . Tongue. Pain in the Side.
'^^^^^ 1 TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE,
MTEFfel CPRE SI . CK HEADACHE -
3j9iTTiE Genuino Must Bear
• SgJVER Fac-Simile SignatureREPRESENTATIVE CITIZENS OF OAKLAND. WHO ACTED AS MARSHAL AND AIDS AND OTHERWISE TOOK A LEADING
PART IN LAST NIGHT'S GREAT PARADE AND MASS MEETING. BY WHICH ALL CLASSES IN THE COMMUNITY
SHOWED THEIR INTEREST IN THE PROPOSED BONDS FOR PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Sept. 26. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Walter H.
F. Carter, 21, and Marguerite E. Bird,
19. both of. Oakland: Robert Oliver,
24, Suisun, and Florence M. Crandall,
21. Oakland; Albert "W. Losee. 26,
Oakland, and Minnie Shaw, 24, Sacra
mento. -
SUES FOR INSURANCE.— Another family
row over the disposition of the benefits of. a
fraternal Insurance certificate developed yester
day In a suit begun by Frank Oalehouae
aealnst the Grand Lodge. A. O. U. W., and
Fanny Galebous« to determine- the ownership
of a certlScata tpr $2000 Issued by Uu» or**r
to Frederick GalebooM In 1878. Gatehouse at.
£*sd 1» April of thla ytar.
Tell Voters Where to Go and What
to Do.
- OAKLAND, Sept 26. — The election
at which 'the people of Oakalnd are
asked to vote improvement bonds to
the extent of $2,492,000 will be held
to-morrow. There has been much
question among the voters as to who
can vote, where to., vote, what to vote"
upon and other points of information.
These questions are all answered be
low, no that the electors of Oakland
may know where to go and what to
do. R
There will be eleven different proj
ects to be voted upon and every voter '
,may vote for or against any of the
eleven - different propositions, which
are as follows:
To purchase and improve Central
Park $450,000
To build a new"' City Hall and addi
tional land /or the . same \u25a0 - 650 000
Park* and \u25a0 playgrounds 670|830
Boulevards/ 301 (jro
Sewers ../... :....... 121,440
City.wharvei .......................... ISiOOO
Dredplnff Lake Merrltt 48,400
Concrete culvert* ........'.......... 40*640
Bituminous crosswalks . ... :."... -.... 127*000
Polytechnic High School ...;..... x. 14.1 000
Public library. ;. 15,000
Total .$2,492,000
The qualifications for voting, as an
nounced by County Clerk J. P. Cook,
are as follows: v
All persons whose names appear -on last
BOXD CAMPAIGNS CLOSE.
— T » \u25a0
SUES CANNERY FOR WAGES.— Arnold
rhrlich. the holder of assigned claims for the
waxo of thirty men, yesterday besan suit
\u25a0Kalnst the Xakr.ek Cannery Company for
the aggregate amount, $3541.
BERKELEY, Sept. 28.— Profewor Elwood
Mead, chief of the Irrigation and Drainage
Investigations of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, who also holds the chair
or irrigation in the College of Agriculture, will
arrive In California In time for the Modesto
Irrigation convention, where he Is to repre-
Bent . the university, together with President
Wheeler, Profosaor Samuel Fortier, Professor
Frank Soule and l<"rank Adama of the Irriga
tion and Drainage Investigation Committee.
On his way to the West Professor Mead will
aiuiul the Stats irrigation convention at Al
buquerque, New Mexico.
On 'the occasion of the celebration of it*
\u25a0eventy-nfth anniversary the University of
Illinois conferred the degree of LL. D. upon
President Wheeler, who was a guest of the
university. Besides attending the Internation
al Con^resß of Arts and Sciences at St. Louis
and the University of Illinois President
\\ heeler will be present at the scientific as
sociation and graduate conference at the Uni
versity of Missouri before returning to
Berkeley. President Wheeler expects to be
back in time to attend the performance of
'"Hamlet" on Saturday next.
The Harvey Club will hold an Informal re
cczition In honor of Professor C. A- Koford,
professor of histology and embryology, next
Saturday evening In the Enewah Club. Pro
fessor Koford expects to leave soon for a
month's trip to the South Seas on the United
States steamer Albatross. -
The department of mechanical engineering
has been materially strengthened by the ad
dition of Assistant Professor Herman W.
Reynolds, formerly of the University of Penn
sylvania and the Michigan Agricultural Col*
lege. \u25a0
UNIVERSITY. EVENTS
year's register will be able to vote at to-mor
row's election. All persons who registered
I-rior to September 2 of this year will be able
to vote and will find their names on a supple
mental register just gotten- out. Any person
whoee name 19 not on the old register and
who registered after September 2 cannot vote
to-morrow. The requirement Is that he nu.it
'have registered twenty-five days prior to the
election.
The polls open at 6 a. m. and close
at 5 p. m. The voting places In each
ward are as follows:
First Wanl — First Precinct. 6868 San Pablo
avenue: Second Precinct. 5759 San Pablo ave
nue; Third Precinct, SS3S Shattuck avenue;
Fourth Precinct, Fifty-first street, near Tel
egraph avenue; Fifth Precinct. forty-first
street and Piedmont avenue; Sixth Precinct
41C2 Telegraph avenue; Seventh Precinct,
southwest corner Orove and Fortieth streets
Second Ward — First Precinct, 2«3 B street-
Second Precinct, northeast corner Thirty-fourth
and Peralta streets; Third Precinct, 1939 Mar
ket street: Fourth Precinct, 963 San Pablo
avenue; Fifth Precinct, 1320 Eaa Pablo ave
nue; Sixth Precinct, northeast corner Twenty
rtxth street and Telegraph avenue; Seventh
Precinct, 774 Telegraph avenue.
Third Ward— First Precinct. Twelfth and
Campbell streets; Second Precinct. Aloha Hall
Center street, between Seventeenth and Eight
eenth streets: Third Prednet. Fourteenth and
I Adeline streets: Fourth Precinct, Fourteenth
| near Unden street; Fifth Precinct, Eighteenth
and Brush streets; Sixth Precinct, 324 San
Pablo avenue; Seventh Precinct. 1507 Crovt
street. - ;
Fourth Ward— First Precinct. 1804 Seventh
street; Second Precinct, 1712 Seventh street • ]
Third Precinct, 1564 Seventh street; Fourth I
Precinct, 1162 Seventh street; Fifth Precinct.
I 1016 Seventh street: Sixth Precinct. 872 Sev
enth street; Seventh Precinct, Eleventh and
Market streets.
Fifth Ward — First Precinct, 407 Tenth street;
Second Precinct, southeast corner Eleventh
and Franklin streets; Third Precinct, City
Hall; Fourth Precinct, Kane & Daly's stable.
Fourteenth and Webster streets; Fifth Pre
cinct, Piedmont power house; Sixth Precinct.
1722 Webster street.
Sixth Ward— First Prednet. 1741* Seventh
street; Second Precinct, 1321 Seventh street-
Third Precinct. 1200 Seventh street; Fourth
Precinct, 1013 Seventh street: Fifth Precinct
I McManus stable, Seventh and Castro strms
, Sixth Precinct. 711 Broadway; Seventh Pre^
: clnct. northeast corner Fourth and Webster
streets; Eighth Precinct. northeast ' corner
Fifth and Harrison streets.
Seventh Ward — First Prednet. 223 East
Eighteenth street: Second Precinct. Kinder
garten building. East Fourteenth street, near
Tenth avenue: Third. Precinct. Olllam's store
1128 Thirteenth avenue; Fourth Prednet. Wll-
Ham's place. East Fourteenth street aad
Elghtenth avenue; Fifth Precinct, south glde
Fifteenth street, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth avenues; Sixth Prednet 1103
Twenty- third avenue; Sevtnth Precinct, north
east corner Twelfth avenue and East Twelfth
street; Eighth Precinct. 273 East Twelfth
OAKLIAND. Sept 26. — The Nile
Club will open the fall season with an
orchestral musicale to-morrow night,
followed with a Jinks on Tuesday
evening. October 4. led by Georjre
Walker. The "revels" will be held
Saturday evening. October 22, at
which "Uncle" George Bromley will
be the dictator, with John W. Stet
son as collaborator. During the fall
and winter months musicales'will be
sriven Tucsrtav «v»ninir«-
Nil© Club Programme.,
m DIVIDE CANNING HSTATE.—OAK
LAND, s^pt. 2C.— Petition for the final dis
trilution of the estate ol the late Mary Can
ning has beefl filed, asking that the property
b* distributed : one half to Mrs. Michael
Davltt. wife of the Irish patriot; one-third to
Archbishop Riordan. and one-sixth to George
Montgomery.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26. — Suits for di
vorce were begun to-< Jay by Jennie E.
Dunn against Wiliiam Dunn of New
ark on the ground of desertion; Han
ttuh C. Helander against John F. He
lander, for cruelty, and Ellen C. Putz
kor against Oscar E. Putzker, son of
the professor of that name at the
Ftate University, on the ground of de
sertion.
Tire of Marital Ties.
OAKLAND. Sept. 26. — Constable
Charles H. Downing of Sulsun has
recovered a shotgun, pistols, \ knives
and suit case in this city that were
stolen September 16 from -the Suisun
Implement Company's store. # James
Hollowell, under arrest in San Fran
cisco on a charge of holding up a
street car, confessed "he had stolen the
things and told the up-country officer
where they .were hidden in an Oak
land lodging-house.
Recovers Stolen Firearms.
OAKLAND, Sept 26.— The German
Club of Oakland has elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing year:
President. Dr. H. Kohlmars: vice
president, John Martens; trustees, P.
N. Kuss. Philip Conradi and Henry
Evers; delegates to State convention
of German clubs, Albert Currlin and
Joseph Jtohrbeck.
German Club Elects Officers.
OAKLAND. Sept. 26. — Oakland
awoke to-nl«ht. The progressive men
and women of the community com
bined to arouse public opinion for pub
lic improvements in an unusual pub
lic demonstration. Through the streets
marched hundreds of enthusiastic cit
izens to testify their support of the
bond Issue and to' give expression to
the Eentlment that w.aa blazoned on
their banners: "Oakland's Onward
March." »
Interspersed with bands,, this hoot
of marchers uaraded and later assem
bled at the Oakland High School to
hear Inspiring speeches for the bonds
from such men as\ Warren Olney,
Mayor of the city; John P. Irish, John
A. Britton, Henry A. Butters and Ed
win Steams, the indefatigable secre
tary of the Oakland Board of Trade.
It was a significant and representa
tive body of men that tramped through
Oakland's thoroughfares to give open
indorsement to what they declared was
Oakland's greatest opportunity. Men
of millions touched elbows with the
worklngrmen of the city; clerks and ar
tisans, merchants and bankers, men in
public life, professional men — all were
represented in this most ; representa
tive gathering of public-spirited citi
zens. \u25a0 •
From the Improvised rostrum at the
High School the speakers urged their
several thousand hearers to vote for
all the bonds. They reminded the au
dience of cheering citizens that to over
look one of the- propositions might en
danger the entire issue. They appealed
to the loyalty and tne progressive
spirit of the community. They refuted
the cry that the bond issue would mean
a heavy drain on the taxpayers. They
showed that the average increase in
the tax rate for the forty years of. the
bonds' life, if every one of them should
carry, would be only 17 cents annually.
For the first year the rate would be,
only 31 cents on the $100, or an average'
of 50 cents a month, the price of a few
cigars. And John A. Britton pledged
his word that these figures are correct.
The parade this evening was headed
by Charles J. Heeseman, marshal and
organizer, 'with C. D. Bates Jr., F. A.
Steams, W. H. J. Matthews, Edwin
Steams,- C, E. Cotton, F. C. Watson,
D. J. Hallahan, M. J. Keller, C. W.
Petry and J. B. Reboli as aids. The
Musicians' Union furnished the music
from four bands without cost, a testi
monial of the organization's sentiment.
Many representatives of labor unions
were in the line.
WATCHWORDS OP PROGRESS.
"Don't be a Clam, Vote for the
Bonds," was the legend which the busi
ness men heralded to the crowd.
. "We will all pull together.". \u25a0_.
. "Give us your support."
"Oakland must go ahead."
These were some of the sentiments
that were expressed on the ." banners
borne in the line. , \u25a0
Through Broadway, Washington -and
Eleventh streets the line wound its way
to the High School. Edwin Steams
called the meeting. to order. He said:
It is ray pleasant duty to call you together
on the eve of the election day that- shall de
cide whether Oakland is .to Jump, forward' for'
the next twenty -flve years or remain as cha
has been for ten years past. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 If " you vote
"yes" on every one of the propositions that
the City Council has presented to you Oakland
will advance as you never had an Idea that
she could or would advance. . Let us bear now
Colonel . John P. Irish made .an elo
quent plea for the bonds. He* declared
his concurrence with Mayor Olney in
the thought, that it is no.w or never
with Oakland for improvements. Col
onel Irish continued:
I have read with diligence and care the
arguments against the bonds. If those argu
ments have any validity they are arguments
against public Improvements. There Is no
patent plan in the affairs of men by which
Individuals or municipalities can set something
for nothing. Lo« Angeles did not get some
thing--for nothing. A few years ago Los
Atureles, dry, dusty, and dirty, was a spot on
the desert. Los Angeles has passed us. Why?
Because' there is assembled in that city a set
of people who are death to knockers. I am
Informed that Los Angeles . bonded for 45
cunts on the $100 to build parks, to ' create
public Improvements, to adorn and to beau
tify the city. They had no natural water
park, ao they made two of them, and made
them beautiful, thaugh each of them is as a
handful of water compared to our own . neg
lected Lake Merrttt. \u25a0
We marvel why Los Angeles has passed
us. Phe has gone ahead because her people
stand, together; because they know the health,
beauty, attractiveness of the . city depend
upon public improvements. No city on earth
was ever improved to death. Many a one
has been improved to life.
-The knocker Is abroad In the land assailing
the bond Issue hip and thigh. I say there has
never been a better scheme foi^ the- symmetrical
publlo Improvement of . this city ever con
ceived or submitted to our people. The Mayor
and the City Council deserve credit '«r the
Intelligent, honest and harmonious plaa they
have prepared;
Pitiful, indeed, that the action of any man in
Oakland at" the polls to-morrow should be direct
ed by such arguments as have been advanced
to vote down the bonds. , Oakland cannot get
fat by walking in her own gutters, by stew
ing In her . own Juice, by . rag chewing. The
people . who have . the most Interest In this
project ar* the . worklngmen. Hundreds of
thousands of dollars will be spent In labor on
the parks and building.. And these parks. will
Mayor Olney said:
The Mayor 0 I your city Is not an orator, but
I «übmlt to you that his long residence In this
city, his wide acquaintance with Its people and
his great affection for Oakland give him the
right to say a word In behalf of this great
scheme of betterment. For thirty years I
have lived In Oakland. Our city seems to |
have taken on a new spirit and to have awak
ened. Our people seem to realize the advan
tages of creating a modern city here a city
of which we can be proud. Such a city we
can create if We do our duty to-morrow at
the polls.
The city government has prepared and sub
mitted to you an :laborata and- carefully
planned scheme of public improvements. It
has taken many years to shape thin plan. Com
mitte* after committee of prominent citizens
has worked on bond Issues for public Im
provements. Not until now has it taken con
crete form. As presented to you. each and
every one of these items is absolutely neces
sary to the progress of Oakland. But It is a
certainty that you cannot get these good
things without apendlng com* money.
Municipalities must - borrow money to begin
such Improvements and pay for; thorn, after they
are made. There Is absolutely no other way
to make these Improvements. Now a word to
thoso whose taxes are not heavy: There is no
one in the community that la more Interested
in the bond* than such as those who pay
such taxes. It la those who should Join witn
the heavy property owners in this movement.
The poor man pays much less on the bonds
than such property owners an the Bacon peo
ple, the Uelgers and the like. I know of
no echeme by which the poor man gets as
much .benefit from taxes as from a bond I*
bu« for public Improvements. Don't "plump."
Vote for ail the bonds. If you "plump" yjm
.may jeopardize the whole vote, for the courts
might say that a two- thirds vote had not
been cast for all of the bonds if one. ltem was
much heavier than another. Vote for all of
them. I repeat. You cannot have a modern
city without a park, and It looks to mo as
If this 'would be the last chance you wilt
have to get. a park. . .Show yourselves to-mor
row by a progressive vota to be worthy cltl
zents of a beautiful city.
COLONE IiIfUSH IS ELOQUENT.
A CITY TO BE ritOUD OF.'
from one who has been foremost In working
for Oakland's progress. Warren Olney. our es
teemed Mayor.
require many more thousands of dollars a:
the years roll on. As for the Central Park
cite I deaire to say that it is the crowning
jewel in a transcendentally beautiful plat
of a chain of parks through our city that
has been devised by this scheme.'
NO USE FOR SILURIANS.
John A. Britton declared that foi
thirty years in Oakland he had been
a consistent fighter against Silurian
{ ism. He said the people of Oakland
were now called upon to do something
for their city and their homes. He re
membered when oak trees grew on
Broadway, when two wheezy horse cai
lines furnished transportation, when
business stooped at Tenth street. He
continued, In part: \\
Oakland had. little population then, but much
spirit. It has lapsed of late In spirit because
many of our people lost faith. You have the
opportunity now to restore confidence, to up
lift and to advance. I have ceen parks In
many cities of our country. Hut never a site
that possesses such natural advantages as the
proposed central park. Why are we so slow
In taking advantage of these things? - 1 be
speak your support for every one of the bond
Items. I have for many years seen city conn,
ells come and go In Oakland, but I have never
seen a City Council the equal of our present
one for steadfastness, progress, honesty of
purpose and Intelligence. It stands head and
shoulders above any you ever had In Oakland
These, then, are the men who have planned
this bond issue. It behooves you to vote for
It right down the line. . *
Henry A. Butters was Introduced as
a. man who had made a fortune abroad
and had returned to Oakland to live.
Mr. Butters said:
There are large money interests In Oakland
that will have to pay heavily in Interest on
these bonds. It is these. corporations that are
financially concerned. You understand now
what is the matter. The office™ of these cor
porations have- grown up in an atmosphere
that Is strangling their enterprise. You may
talk about all kinds of resources, but there is
one kind that means much. If you can get
1000 rich men to come here and spend $5000 or
$10,000 each winter, there are resources that
count. These improvements make for the poor
man. He gets the best of them. I want you
to remember that the burden of the * 3t 3 t falls
en th« rich man every time.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26. — Charged
with stealing his mother-in-law's fur
niture, with which to set up house
keeping-, Matthew Gates, colored, was
arraigned to-day before Police Judge
Mortimer Smith on a count of em
bezzlement.'' Mrs. Esther Ramsey,. the
complainant, says Gates committed
perjury when he secured a license to
marry her 15-year-old daughter, Arllne
Alexander, while the mother was In
Jail. Also does Mrs. Ramsey complain
that the unwelcome son-in-law confis
cated her household eoods.
Mother-in-Law Accuses.
OAKLAND, Sept. 26. — Seven-year
old Dorothy Martin, the daughter of
Charles Martin of 3616 Grove street,
•was run down by a Greve-street car
this afternoon while playing: in front
of her parents' home. The child was
picked up unconscious and carried
Into the house, where Dr. Shannon
*as called to attend her. The doc
tor found that no bones had been bro
ken, the little one's injuries consisting
of a number of severe cuts and
bruises.
Cliild's Narrow Escape.
Executive Board Entertained
OAKLAND, Sept. 26. — The Central
I^abor Council of Oakland held a re
ception at the headquarters of the lo
cal Cooks' and Waiters* Union in hon
or of the executive board of the State
Federal \u25a0. of Labor. The officers of
nearly ; ( the local labor organiza
tions R'erb present- The members of
the executive board are: President,
Harry Knox; vice president, J. T.
"White; Thomas Lonergan, L. Horlin
quest, Thomas Gallagher and F.
Craig. State Organizer F. C. Wheeler
also attended the reception.
OAKLAND, Sept. 20. — The reception to Sec
retary and Mr*. Victor H. Metealf this even-
Ing — a happy thought of the Home Clvb — wag
a' delightful success. Poised on the very apex
of a moonlit hill, the stately outlines and
bright illumination of the beautiful club build
ing gave alluring promise of the enchanting
ecene within, where Oakland's elite were gath
ered to do tumor to the genial Secretary of
Commerce and Labor and his charming wife.
In spite of the strenuous life that Mr. Met
ealf has been leading recently, he looked ex
tremely well this evening and frankly happy
as he darted the hands of friends old and
new.
Mrs. Mctinlf has always been a woman of
gracious and -.pleasing personality, and the
new honors that have-crownet! her life have
co far left her unspoiled. Airs. 'Metealf is at
tractive, too. in appearance/ and to-night she
wag charmingly though simply gowned la a
white satin-striped juai cloth with pink roses,
woven throughout the • filmy texture. The
bodice was decollete, of course, and her hair
was worn low on the neck.* .
The receiving party was an unusually large
one and many of the gowns worn were both
rich and beautiful. Mies Ethel Moore, presi
dent of the Home Club, wore a very hand
eonie and becoming black gown. Mrs. E. M.
Walsh wore one of the most beautiful gowns
eeen recently — a late robe with suggestions
of pink in chiffon. Mrs. Bernard Miller and
her sister. Miss Burdge. were both amonj
the noticeable ones, the brl«1» in a blue trous
seau gown and Miss Burttge in pink. Miss
Hush was "stunning" in a white satin and
one of the handsomest gowns In the room was
the violet brocade worn by Mrs. Kequa. Mrs.
T. L. Barker and Mrs. John Yule both wore
handsome black, gowns with white point lace.
The receiving party was composed of: Judge
and Mrs. John Yule, Mr. and Mrs. T. L. Bar
ker, Dr. Buean J. Fenton, Mr. and Mrs. Sum
ner Crosby. X>r. Sarah I. Shuey, Mr. and Mrs.
V. A. Webster, the Rev. Charles R. and Mrs.
Brown, Dr. and Mrs. J. K. McLean, Mrs. J.
M. Brock, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Chamberlain,
Mr. and Mrs. Giles GraJV Mr. and Mrs. E.
M. Walsh, Mr. and Mrs. Bernard Miller Mr.
and Mrs. Valentine G. Hush. Mr. and Mrs.
H. M. Meek, Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Harbour Mrs
Eusie Farnham, Dr. and Mrs. Murrey John
eon, Dr. an<l Mrs. W. J. Wllcox, Mrs T. L
Merrill, Mr. and Mrs. C. D. Oilman, Mr. and
Mrs. James A. Johnson, Mrs. Henry Weth
trbee. Mr. and Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Mrs D
L. Kae Miss Bessie Palmer, Mr. and Mrs.
T. C. Coogan, Miss Emma R. Wellman Miss
Caroline Van Dyke. Miss Carolina Goodhue
Mlfb Helen Chase, Miss Pauline Collins. Mr.
and Mrs. F. C. Havens, Mrs. Euiraw, Frank
Damon, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Cornell, Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. Bradley. John Howell, Mr. and
Mrs. G. M. U. Gray.
A mandolin quartet furnished musio for
dancing and during the evening Miss Klnsel
nicka sang several times. Mrs. George B M
Gray Is chairman (for the year) of trie club's
decoration committee, and rare good taste was
*hown in the artistic arrangement of palms
and flowers this evening. Supper was served
upstairs, on email tables, each bearjng a dainty
decoration of pink flowers and asparagus ferns
Altogether the occasion was a rarely enjoyable
ont, and It was a late hour before the last
straggler wended his or her tired but hapoy
way down the winding path to the car
By Zoe Green RadclifTc.
FAREWELL IS SAID
TO THE METCALFS
Berkeley Park Commission.
BERKELEY. Sept. 26. — Upon the
tupgestion of Thomas Rickard, pres
ident of the Town Board of Trustees,
c. joint meeting of the board and the
citizens* committee on municipal
bonds for public improvements has
l>een called for Monday evening. Oc
tober 3. The Trustees adopted Pres
ident Rickard's idea that a Park
Commission of three citizens be ap
pointed to devise ways and means for
c^re and beautiflcation of the parks
end sidewalk areas in the town.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 28.
,By making monstrous charges
against the Rev. Paul Stewart of the
United " Presbyterian Church, Mrs.
; Anna Stewart, his wife, gained her re
lease from a charge of insanity to-day
and she was taken to the Providence
Hospital for treatment for a tempor
ary physical ailment. She declares her
husband, is a hypocrite and threatens
to sue him for a divorce on the ground
of cruelty. The charges she made
against him were of such a revolting
nature that the courtroom was cleared
of every one except those whose pres
ence was needed when sne recited her
story. - ' .
After an exhaustive examination ex
tending over several, hours, In which
< many witnesses wereexamined, Dr. A.
'H. Pratt stated to Judge Hall that he
'believed Mrs. Stewart was Insane. He
based his conclusion on the fact that
she admitted having tried upon several
occasions to take her own lffe; that
she had been confined in several asy
lums and was there considered insane
by reputable physician?, and that she
made -charges of immorality against,
her husband and an old aunt, nearly
80 years of age, which were beyond be
lief. Mrs. Stewart denied having made
the charge, but both Stewart and Miss
p:iiza Curry, the aunt, said she had
accused them both.
Dr. Myra Knox was not willing to go
so far as to say the woman was insane,
but thought she should go to a hos
pital for treatment. At this Juncture
the attorney for Mrs. Stewart said he
had hoped a part of the. charges made
by Mrs. Stewart would not have to be
gone Into, but in order to clear her he
felt she should tell her entire r story.
He asked that the courtroom be cleared
and she then told a monstrous story-
Dr. Stewart wept when his wife gave
her testimony and denied the charges,
and as far as possible was corrobarated
by the old aunt. Mrs. Stewart's testi
mony could not be supported except
by her own statement. The charges
were of such a nature, however, that
Dr. Pratt, while doubt was not re
moved from his mind as to her insan
ity, receded from, his position to the
extent of being willing to let her go
and see if the disease would not dem
onstrate itself in some other form.
The Rev. Paul Stewart and his wife
are both young people, neither having
attained 40 years of age. ,They -have
been married for ten years and have
had two children, one of whom died
recently. They were educated at the
same school In Ohio and- white he was
afterward at a theological seminary
she taught school. She is the daughter
of Ebenezer Curry, a famous Presby
terian missionary at Alexandria,
Egypt, and a great part of the testi
mony against her was corroborated by
her father's only Bister, who brought
her ud.
After Kyte had seen enough he ar
rested the prowler. Boeddiker, who re
sides in Berkeley, explained to-day that
he had merely been taking a stroll.
He produced his daughter to enlighten
Judge Smith about the suspicious rub
bers. But the Judge did not accept the
story.
A week ago in early morning Detec
tive Kyte saw Boeddiker acting sus
piciously on Thirty-fifth street. The
detective trailed the belated pedestrian,
noticed he wore rubbers, though the
streets were dry as' a bone." From
house to house Boeddiker flitted trying
t6 open windows with a long stick he
carried.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith said
he could not satisfy himself that Boed
diker was beat on innocent business
when be was caught prowling about
residences trying to force open win
dows at midnight. His Honor sug
gested that the noiseless footwear was
very like a footpad's outfit. Boeddiker
was held in $2000 bail.
A wpplf spa In pgrlv me\r-v\\ntr T\At*>r»-
Margaret Boeddiker, an attractive
young woman, tried hard in the Police
Court to-day to save Henry Boeddiker,
her father, from being held for trial on
a charge of burglary. But her effort
was in vain. Despite her declarations
that her father was accustomed to
wearing rubbers day and night, in dry
as well as rainy weather, other evi
dence was too strong to save the ac
cused man.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Sept. 26.
Remands Man on Charge of
Attempted Burglary De
spite Daughter's Stand
The death of Chief Custiniano robs
the Sunol rancheria of one of its best
known characters, and the members of
the tribe now mourn the loss of their
most trusted adviser, for he was still
looked upon as an authority by the
members of his tribe. The funeral of
the aged chief will be conducted by the
Indians, with all the mystic rites of
the tribe, and his remains will be in
terred within the boundaries of the
rancheria where Jie has lived for so
tnany years.
PLEASANTON. BepL 26.— Bent be
fceath the wcleht of 110 years, Chief
Custiniano, the last of the Sunol tribe
cf Indians, which for * centuries has
made its permanent home at the Sunol
ranchcria, about a mile from Pleas
anton, to-day laid down the life which
had become too heavy to bear. The
cause of the chief'8 death was old ajje.
He was not a sufferer from any malady
and retained command of all his facul
ties to the last.
Chief Custiniano has seen with his
own eyes many of the great events in
the history of California that are
known to most of Its present residents
only frum history. He saw the first
white men come from the great cities
uf the East, lured by the gleam of gold,
and has seen in turn great cities arise
In the State. For many years, he has
been the oldest living native of Cali
fornia, and with his death ends the life
t)f the oldest native son of the Golden
Vest.
Remains Are to Be Inter
red With All the Mystic
Ceremonies of the Tribe
Charges Are of Such Re
markable Character That
Every One Is Excluded
Alamctla conmy.
Rupert and Blanche Wnltehead to Roosevelt
Johnrcn. lot 3. block F. map of lands !a Oak
land View Hornr.it-.ii Association, portion o>
Walsworth Tract. ICO acres. Oakland; $10.
Myron T. and Marlon B. Holcomb tn
Charles Cam Jen. lot on E Una of \V ebst«r
street. 133. «1 N of Twenty- fourth. N 23 by
E 123. lot 6. block A. map 2, Webster. Twen
ty-fourth and VjJ.iaz street property; lot on
B line of Webster street. I.l*. 41 S of Bay
plan, S 60 by E 123. lots 13 and 14. block A.
same; lot on N Una ct Twenty- fourth street.
150 E of ValcUl E a 6y N 62.fr*. N 40.81.
W 18.61. lot 7, block C, same; lot on E Una
of Valdez, 6S.CO S of Bay placo. S ICO by
X 100. lota IS to 20 and portion lots 21 and 17.
block B. same nvip. Oakland: $10.
Annie I*. Flodberg (widow) to Carl John
son, lot on XW line of East Nineteenth street.
195 SE of Twenty -second avenue, 8K 27 by
RE 140. block 63. Saa Antonio, East Oakland;
$1500.
Nancy E. Eatohelder and Eliza P. Brown
to il. M. Rowley, lots 2 and 3. Lortn Villa
Tract, deed conveys all redemption right of
grantor Eliza P. Erow.n. Oakland; 910.
Conrad W'elnmonn. and A. H. F. 9cftarr
(Welnirann & Scharr) to Nancy IX Batcnelder,
same. Oakland, quitclaim deed: $1.
Berkeley Development Company \u25a0t» Ammrn
Farenholt. lot on NW lln« of Bay View place
at intersection with dividing line between 1 :.<
37 and 33. block C ' thence NW 70.15 alon^
?ald dlvldins line to common corner between
lota 37. US and 13 for point beginning W
3:5. N 23, E to W Una of lot 3J«, S to b-^
glnnina;. being portion of lot 19. Hopkins Ter
race, map No. 2. etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Rupert and Blanche Whitehead to Roosev-'.t
Johnson, undivided one-haU Interest in lot
8. block 2. plan State University liomesteaj
Association adopted March <&. 1573. Berkeley;
$10.
John F. Gunn (single) to neTon-Holcon.!.
Company (corporation), lot on SB line » f
Adeline street. 213 :tf SW of Munro*. SW 50 hv
PE 1W». belne portion of lot 1. block D. Oa<
Tree Farm Tract. Brooklyn Township: $lv.
Heron-Holcomb Company to C. M. T. ar.-t
Myrtle B. Parker, same. Brooklyn Towash: r >.
$10.
Foster P. and Carrie M. Cole et aL to Eliza
beth O. Cole (widow), lot on S Uno of Sam
Clara avenue. 72:2 W of St. Charles street.
W 50. S 12»:S. E 50. N 121:7. lots 43 and 4>;.
map of portion of Vlacher Tract and property
out of county, Alameda: $10.
Leonora M. Harrison (widow) to- d K. Lay
mance, lot on SW corner Thirtieth street ar.i
Union. W 113 by S 30, portion lot 7. block I.
lands of Peralta Homestead Association, Oak
land: *10.
John P. Sheridan (single) to Oakland School
District, lot on NB corner Market and Apirir
streets. E 323. N 260. JW. W 325. S 26«.11.
lots 1 to 0 and 24 to 27 and portion lots 10
and 23. block I. Sheridan Tract. Oakland
$10. COO.
Antoinette Wlttschen (widow) to Vary E.
Day. lot on N line of Thirty- second street.
118.96 W of Grove. W 23. N 124.933, E 25.11,
S 122.595. block 2042. Rowland Tract, etc..
Oakland; rC3.
Baxter and Frances D. Booth to Mary K.
Macauley (wife of J. P.). lot on E Una of
LJndcn street 231:6 N of Central avenue
(since widened to 80 feet). N 40 by X 125.
portion lot S. block D. Oakland Central Ilome
utead Association. Oakland; gift.
E. J. Shepardaon to Mrs. A. A. Benton. lot
on TV line of Myrtle street. 811:10 X from
center of Twenty -fourth. N" 25:2 by W 12",
Map and Survey of Northern Extension, Oak
land; ?io.
Harry and Alice D. Brand (wife) t© 'Walter
and Matilda R. Homer. lot on X line of Knox
av.-nue or Twenty-seventh «tr*et. 172.13 E of
Grove street. E 40.63. N 101.86 TV 40.1 U. S
07.CS. portion of lots SO and St. Knox Park.
Oakland; $10.
Farmers' and Merchants' Savings Bank to
Adolph and Herman Amsler and Charles Myer
lot on S line at Thirty-second street. 213 \V of
\Vwt.\W 120 by a 140 lot* 10. IV and portion
of 12. block 2COS. liowland Tract. Oakland;
$10.
Simon Levy (guardian of estate of Isaao L.
Coblentz. minor) to Myrtle Blum, all Interest
in the following: Undivided one- sixtieth of
lot on E line of Broadway. 93 X of Duran:
street, N 4t>:6 by E 150. portion of lot -.
block F. Map of Fountain Place, Oakland, anil
property out of county; $10.
Simon. Leontine and Myrtle Blnm (by Leon
tlne Blum, attorney) to Albert B. Blum, a.'!
interest In same,- Oakland, and property in Ban
Francisco; $10.
Albert E. or A. E. and Rachel Blam (wife)
to Melanie Levy, all Interest in same. Oakland
reserving to Albert E. Blum a one- fortieth in
terest in said piece; quitclaim deed; $10.
Sarah Quayle to Thomas Quayle*. lot on N
line of Jones street, 604 TV of Telegraph ave
nue, W 25 by X 101; lot on N line of Jones
street. 603 W of Telegraph avenue, W 41 by
N lfV); lot on N line of Jones street, 867 -3 -.
R of San Pablo avenue, E 35. N t 04:3, W 35
S lOi-.0, being east 35 feet of lot 13 map or
portion Jone9 Tract; lot on N line of j.ir..'
\u25a0treet. 517:rJVi E of San Fablo avenue, E 60.
N 1(M:5. W CO. S 104:«*; lot on E line or
Broadway. 162 S of Walnut street or Twenty
second. S 50. E 160, N ;.):S' ; . W 14S:10^- lot
on X line of Jones rtreet, 4S.S W of Teleeraph
avenue. W 50. N 103:10^. E 50. 3 100:7 por
tion lots 59 and^O. Jones Tract; lot on X Une
of Jones Ptroet. 4T& TV of Telegraph avenue.
TV 50. X 103:7. E 50. S 103:4. portion lots
CO and fil, corrected map Jones Tract. Oak
land; gift.
B. S. and Margaret Ansel (wife) to F.essi*
M. Holloway (wife of G. X Sr.) lot on S line
of Ashby avenue. ICO E of Shattuck E 50 by
S 100, lot 8. block C. map of E portion of
Newbury Tract. Berkeley: $10-
Alexander M unlock & Co. to Ilorace D Ir
win. lot on 8 line of Harmon street 400 E of
California (Calais). E 33 by 3 105 portion of
lot 13. block A. map of eubdlvlslon "of SW por
tion of plat 33. Peralta Ranch Berkeley $10
Fred H. and Susie Darran to S. S. Quacken
bush, lot L. in range 5, map of subdivision •!
portion of ranges 5. 8 and 7. Hardy Tract
Berkeley; $10.
HEAIj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
COURT DOOES CLOSED
OLDEST OP NATIVE SONS
JUDGE IS SUSPICIOUS
Custiniano, Chief of the Su
nols, Dies at the Age ol One
Hundred and Ten Years
Wife of Rev. Paul Stewart
Escapes the Asylum by
Blackening His Name
Comely Young Womaii Vain
ly Tries to Explain. Why
Her Father Wore Rubbers
LIFE OF NOTED
INDIAN ENDS
PRETTY GIRL'S
STORY FUTILE
CALLS HUSBAND
MORAL MONSTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Great Parade, With' Music and Banners, Is Followed by an
Enthusiastic Mass Meeting, at Which Representative
Citizens Demonstrate Benefits to, Accrue to All Classes
PROGRESSIVE OAKLANDERS PLEDGE
LOYAL SUPPORT TO BOND ISSUE
4
APVKRTISPfKNTS.'
IF YOU'RE SICK
Why don't you try a dose of Hos-
letter's Stomach' Bitters before
each meal and at bedtime? You'll
be surprised at the amount of
good it will do you. It has cured
thousands of sickly men and
women in the past and won't fail
rou now. It is unequaled for cur-
• jng Poor Appetite, Insomnia, In-
digestion, Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Nausea, Female Complaints
and Malaria. Try a bottle and
test it for yourself. Avoid substi-
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
CaJL &
Economical soap is one -
that a touch of cleanses.
Get Pears' for economy
and cleanliness.
Bold an trrtx the world
BRANCH OFFICES
OF TIIE CALL Itf
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLANT>.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 71.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
I — — — \u25a0
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
It's a Mother's Duty
To see that th« children's teeth receive
the
DENTIST'S
Attention at an early age. It will pre-
vent premature decay, irregular growth.
loosening, etc.
Our methods are thorough and suc-
cessful Filling extracting, etc.. is dona
In. a highly skillful manner.
Teeth Kesrulated..ss;Bone PUUn**. 250
Gold riimxg»..sl.oo!sttT«r yuSagV.'isoo
Post-Graduate Dental College
3 TATLOE ST., BA2T P3tAJTCISCO.
973 WacMnrtoa St. OiiUnd.
S*a Jome. - gacnuaeato.Eastern and other visitors to San Fran
cisco will- have a capital chance to see tome
of the most - famous . places In California \on
Sunday. , October 2. - when; the Southern Pacific
will ,run • a popular excursion to ; Monterey. I
The ' excursion will allow of • visits , to Hotel \u25a0
Del Monte. Pacific Grove. Presidio, etc, 'or
visitors may enjoy, themselves bathing, nshlns
or ; boating- in \u25a0 glass-bottomed boats. Excur- I
Blon • train i will • leave •- Third . and , Townsend \u25a0\u25a0
streets depot at 7:-tO a. m.; returning," leave '
Monterey 4:15 d. m. 'Ask about it to-day at J
613 .Market: st. \u25a0 . . • I
Excursion to Monterey.
Mrs. McCarthy's Condition Critical.
Mrs.. Octavia McCarthy, who was
shot by her, husband on September 19,
lies in a critical condition at the Emer
gency. Hospital. The bullet was located
yesterday and cut out by Dr. Stephen
from : its resting place under the right
shoulder blade, where it lodged after
fracturing two ribs in its course
through the woman's body. At the
present time her pulse Is at 104. which,
according to the opinion of the phy
sicians, indicates i fever in a high de
gree ' and , a possible accumulation of
puss produced by the action of the bul
let. A further examination; of her.con
dition will be* made to ascertain the
cause of the fever.
. J. P. Mitchell, who held up and
robbed Clerks Flynn and Hearney of
the Central Grain and Stock Ex
change, 20 Leidesdorff street, last Fri
day morning, adheres to his statement
that he had a confederate who got
away with the greater part of the loot.
The police have about abandoned the
search for the missinir coin. Mrs.
Mitchell called upon Captain Martin
yesterday afternoon and said she
knew absolutely nothing about the
money. Her husband had not taken
her into his condence and she had
never inquired. They had lived com
fortably, but . not luxuriously, since
they were married in October, 1901.
Mitchell will be charged with robbery
to-day.
Mrs. Mitchell Knows Nothing.
Acting Chief. John Dougherty of the
Fire Department will make assign
ments of the following probationary
firemen recently appointed from the
civil service list and confirmed by the
Board of Fire Commissioners at its last
meeting: A. S. Robinson, engineer, to
Engine Company. No. 35, on Bluxome
street; George' E. Dunn, hoseman, same
engine company; John J. Loftus, hose
man, to Engine Company No. 30, on
Waller street; truckmen— George Stol
zenwald,. to Truck Company No. 3, Mar
ket street; Adolph Steffens, Truck
Company No. 8, Bluxome street; C. S.
Mahe.r, Truck Company No. 1, O'Farrell
street," and - N. S. Haggerty, to Truck
Company No. 7, Seventeenth street.
Under charter conditions these men will
not become full-fledged fire laddies un
til the termination of six months, when,
if the chief engineer reports : favorably
on their \u2666 standing, * they will become
regularly attached to the fire-fighting
army. , >
Probationary Firemen Assigned.
New things to burn in leather and
wood novelties, and prices on pyrography
outfits are as low as the lowest. Don't
forget this. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
BOGOTA. Sept. 28. — President Reyes U
meeting: with much opposition in the Co
lombian Senate to the resumption of tmicabls
relations with the United States.
WARRAXT FOR ARREST
OP IXSURAXCE AGEXT
State Commissioner Wolff After Rep-
resentaUve of Unlicensed
Concern.
Insurance Commissioner Wolff has
obtained 4 from the Justice of the Peace
of Point Richmond a warrant for the
arrest of James N. Kirk on a charge
of fraudulently insuring TL F. G.
Dohrmann of Stege. Dohrmann took
out a policy for $1000 in the Old
Wayne Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany of Indianapolis upon the solic
itation of Kirk.
The Old Wayne Mutual Life Insur
ance Company has been in the hands
of a receiver foi some time. This com
pany, which mukes a specialty of in
suring old peopie, has no license to do
business in California and this fact
alone nullifies any policy it may issue
in the State.
Insurance Commissioner Wolff is
tunning unlicensed and illegitimate
insurance concerns to earth and is
collecting evidence against several
concerns in this city.
Jacob Kaufmann was a witness in the
trial of the suit of Max Vizziz against
A. J. Rich & Co. before Justice of the
Peace Lawson yesterday. Responsi
bility for the loss of a trunk, was the
issue. Kaufmann was keenly alert for
his fee, refusing to accept the promise
of the plaintiff's attorney to pay after
the case is over. "If I don't get my
pay right here, I don't testify," he de
clared, and then Vizziz came forward
with a dollar in part payment.
The witness hatl been on the stand
Just an hour when he startled the
court with the announcement that he
had testified a dollar's worth and must
have another installment before he
would proceed. The plaintiff produced
another dollar, got Kauf mann's testi
mony in full, but lost his case.
WITXESS TESTIFIES
TWO DOLLARS' WORTH
When young Mrs. Erwin's folks
learned of the choice their daughter
Sadie had made they were prostrate
with grief and as yet have not becomo
reconciled.
as they could get. At that time noth
ing was said about opening a saloon.
In fact, the first we knew of it was
four weeks ago, when application was
made for a license."
The building which has caused such
excitement at the beach is a three
story, frame structure, fronting on tha
boulevard, between K and L streets.
The license Is asked for In the name
of Newton C. Terwilliger. The appli
cation will come up at the meeting of
the Police Commissioners one week
from to-night and the district south of
the park will be well represented.
FRESNO, Sept. 26.— Pretty Miss Sa
die Martin loved Elmer P. Erwin well,
but her father did not fancy the youth
because he was young and only a
butcher boy. Despite Martin pere's ob
jections the young folks became en
gaged. Papa Martin, hoping to nip the
romance in the bud yesterday, told his
daughter that she must choose be^
tween her home and the young man.
Cupid came out the victor and thi3
afternoon the two were married.
When given the alternative by her
father the girl packed her trunk and
went to the young man's mother, who
is proprietor of the Commercial Ho
tel of thl3 city. Under her sheltering
roof the ceremony was performed that
made the young persons husband and
wife. IP$Ni|
A three-story building, erected with
funds subscribed by residents of the
picturesque little colony, is now about
completed and it is to be utilized as a
cafe if a license can be procured. A
roadhouse midway between the Cliff
and the resorts in the neighborhood of
Ingleside would make a convenient
stopping place, and this, it is feared
by the antis, is the use which is to be
made of the building, which they sup
posed was to be used as a house for
religious and secular meetings.
Two years ago a club was formed
and incorporated as the Ocean Boule
vard Improvement Club, with the fol
lowing- directors: Felix Irvine. John
McCullom, Paul Jennlcki, Robert Far
rell, A. C. Campbell, Joseph Herzog,
David E. Marchus, Theodore Henn and
Robert Fitzgerald.
It was originally Intended to buy
two lots in the heart of the district at
$450 each, at which price the lots could
then have been obtained. A split
arcse among the directors, however,
when it was proposed to buy boule
vard lots and when the matter was put
to vote five favored the boulevard lots.
The four objecting were Messrs. Ir
vine, McCullom, Jennicki and Marchus.
In explaining the action of the minor
ity, Mr. Marchus said: "The directors
deviated from the original plans. We
wanted a low, roomy building, acces
sible to all, which could be used
for meeting purposes. The majority
wished to put up a building to cost
not less than $6000 and as much more
Residents of the portion of the city
south of the park are protesting
against the issuance of a license for
another saloon on the boulevard. They
are backed by Police Commissioner
Howell.
Fresno Girl Goes to Lover
When Told to Give Him Up
or Leave Her Happy Home
Residents of Ocean Beach Ob
ject to the Issuance of
Another Liquor License
SAY SALOONS
MENACE HOMES
CCPID DEFEATS
STERN PARENT
NO WARSHIPS HERE.
Another matter of importance to
San Francisco and California is that
involving the building of war vessels
on this coast. The new ownership is
But Henry T. Scott did not open his
lips. He stood quietly by and fum
bled with the charm on his watch
chain like a man is burdened
with something besides a hoe. Mr.
Scott was very thoughtful. It was an
auspicious event in the history of the
great shipyard that has made good
ships and pleasing history for the
American people.
The story was whispered early in
the day that Mr. Scott had formed a
syndicate for the purpose of purchas
ing the works and that he would
henceforth inaugurate a campaign of
ship-building that would cause shears
to dull when bonds were to be clipped.
There was a Ions conference in the
inner office of the Iron Works prior to
the auction, and it Is rumored among
the employes of the establishment that
a compromise was effected by which
it is assured that neither Mr. Scott nor
Mr. Dickie will be disturbed for. fully
one year, at the end of which time It
is likely there will be several changes
in the management of the plant.
The Union Iron Works Is dead.
Long live the Union Iron Works!
The great ship-building plant at the
Potrero has passed out of official exist
ence and has been revived again in
the name of the "reorganized com
pany," which includes a number of
Eastern plants that will at a near date
be incorporated under a general title.
There was only one bidder for the
institution that has turned out vessels
that have won world-renowned rec
ords for efficiency. There was not
even a murmur when the receiver for
the Federal Court of New Jersey
asked, "Gentlemen, are there any
other bidders?"
Every eye turned toward Henry T.
Scott, expecting that a still small
voice would be heard in the impres
sive silence saying:
"I bid three millions."
Mr. Schwab and party will not go
East until to-morrow. He says that the
new organization will represent a capi
talization of $33,000,000 and that all
o? the plants owned by the new com
pany will have plenty of work to dy,
Beyond this he refused to make a
statement. About 70 per cent of the
capital stock of the reorganized com
pany will be controlled by Schwab.
J. C. Campbell, the well-known local
attorney, was present at the sale as
the representative of the New York
Surety Trust Company. This concern
holds a second mortgage, amounting
to " $10,000,000, on the reorganized
company.
Mr. Schwab did not care to discuss
the sale except to say that so far as
the management of the works Is con
cerned there will be few changes, if
any, for a long time to come.
"Whether the corporation will bid on
navy contracts he would not say, but
It is surmised that the local plant will
not be used for this purpose so much
as will be the plants controlled by the
corporation in the East.
in his famous settlement of the old
United States Shipbuilding Company's
affairs.
The second parcel, consisting of per
sonal property, was knocked down to
Mr. Pollock in the manner; heretofore
described. The total sum paid, was
$1,700,000, which, was the minimum price
named for : which , the \u25a0 plant should be
acid by Judge Lanning of New Jersey
BIG SUMS PASS.
"Gentlemen," commenced Receiver
Smith, adjusting his tall hat ana
glancing over the sea of faces, streaked
with the stains of honest toil and grin
ning with an outward appreciation of
the humor of the situation; "gentle
men, it will be necessary for all wht»
wish to bid to deposit for the first
parcel, which is the land, good will,
bonds and such property as has been
itemized in the advertised notice."
There was profound silence for a
few minutes, then F. D. Pollock, at
torney for the reorganization commit
tee, broke it by saying: "On behalf of
the reorganized company I tender a
certified check for $105,000, as • per
requirement of the court, as a deposit
in guarantee."
The receiver then asked if any more
gentlemen in the audience desired to
deposit a similar check and a titter
from the crowd of workmen showed
that 'they were aware of the presence
of a very limited number of milliou
aires.
All eyes turned toward Mr. \ Scott,
but he got behind the corner of tht.
building and could neither be heard
nor seen.
Mr. Pollock, on behalf of George R.
Sheldon of the reorganized committee,
said that he was authorized to bid
$1,400,000 for the plant property as
described in the first parcel. ; No other
gentleman being present who felt like
making an investment that would go
this a few thousands better, the bid
went unchallenged.
AUCTION BEGINS.
said to be in favor of placing all
Government contracts with the yards
that it will control on the Atlantic
side. This allegation does not meet
with denial from the "reorganized
company" — in fact, the principals in
the sale and purchase have little to
say regarding the future use of the
plant except to acknowledge that the
shipyards are to be used "for general
ship-building purposes." The story
of the sale is, in short, that the
United States Ship-building Company,
having been driven out of business by
the Federal courts, has reorganized
under new laws discovered by the
corporation's attorneys, and stands to
day exactly where it stood before the
sales of the combined properties were
ordered, with the exception that the
small stockholder will have been
paid off for his share in the concern
and the combined plants will be oper
ated at will by the "reorganized com
pany."
Henry T. Scott and the present man
agers of the plant will be retained in
their positions for at least a year and
this may be continued indefinitely.
Just what arrangement Mr. Scott has
made with the Schwab interests is a
secret of the one-bid deal that took
place yesterday at noon.
When the noonday whistle sounded
Receiver James Smith Jr., staid and
well dressed, seated himself in a chair
in front of the Twentieth-street office
of the iron works. Charles M.
Schwab, unostentatious as a school
boy, sat opposite the receiver and kept
his head turned from the .crowd of
several hundred that had gathered to
listen to James Deignan, attorney for
the receiver, read the order of sale.
Beside Mr. Schwab was Mr. Scott and
long before the announcement was
made that bids would be accepted the
report was current that Scott had
withdrawn^ and would not put in a
bid. This proved to be true.
RECEIVER FOR THE UNITED STATE 8 SHIPBUILDING COMPANY. WHO YESTERDAT SOLD THE UNION IRON WORKS
AT AUCTION. HIS ATTORNEY, THE SOLE BIDDER FOR THE GREAT PROPERTY, AND THE FAMOUS CAPITAL
IST AND PROMOTER, WHO IS THE REAL PURCHASER.
It is alleged that the various prem
ises are maintained by the company
for the purpose of providing food,
drink and entertainment for its cus
tomers. The acts complained of, it is
Bcid. are committed solely because the
customers are Chinese and subjects of
the Emperor of China. In a similar
euit filed some time ago the demurrei
of the Police Department was sus
tained and the temporary Injunction
dissolved. The police declare the
quarters are used for immoral pur
poses.
A temporary restraining order was
issued by Judge Carroll Cook yester
day against Chief Wittman and the
police force preventing them from
trespassing on the numerous places in
Chinatown claimed to be owned by the
Wee Ong Tong. In the application for
the injunction the Chinese company
alleges that the police officers have
been in the habit of breaking into the
places without warrant or due process
of law.
Chinese Company Obtains Temporary
Order From Judge Cook PendJns
Trial of Case.
ItESTRAIXS POLICE FROM
TRESPASS IX CHINATOWN
To-day the California Club will en
tertain its members and friends with
an interesting programme — work for
the day being eliminated. " The day is
In charge. of Mrs. John D. Sibley, who
will present Miss Agnes G. Murphy, the
clever Londoner, who will talk infor
mally upon "The Maoris of New Zea
land, Their Homes and Customs."
Miss Almee Moore, the charming
traveling companion of Miss Murphy,
will read "A Voice From the Bush."
The music will be rendered by Pro
fessor Theodore Salmon, pianist; Miss
May Ferrell, alto soloist, and a ladies'
quartet. • A rare day is this play day
and an outpouring of members is as
sured — when there's play ahead.
Ably flanking the recollective talk
were the clever readings of Miss Mil
dred Ludlum, who gave "Objects of
Affection" and Bret Harte's "Miggles"
in fetching fashion.
Miss Elizabeth Jaques, a dulcet so
prano, rendered two numbers with a
flute obllgato (by Mr. Neal) and piano
accompaniment by Miss Julia Kensey.
The Souvenir Magazine, which Was
to have figured on the programme, was
passed up for a very good brew of tea
— thus sparing the members and guests
a superfluity of good things, a sin oft
committed in women's clubs.
The breakfast to be given at the
California Hotel by the Press Associa
tion on Tuesday, October 11, was a tea
time topic.
Mrs. Josephine H. Foster, chairman
of the breakfast committee, announces
that the affair will be the cleverest
and the best attended function ever
given by the club.
That was a treat— a rarity — that the
Pacific Coast Press Association offered
their friends yesterday at Century
Hall.
.'Ward had gone forth to the faithful
that Henry H. Williams was going to
talk upon his recollections of San Fran
cisco when it wore swaddling clothes —
for Mr. Williams became a San Fran
ciscan when small boats tied up at
Clay and Montgomery streets and a
few scraggly tents sheltered the ven
turesome souls that were scattered
over the sand dunes.
That announcement was a fetich! The
club responded "to a man," and every
member is a better San Franciscan for
having heard that talk yesterday— for
which Miss Ina D. Coolbrith is respon
sible, with thanks.
WOMEN WRITERS
ENTERTAIN AT
CENTURY HALL
The three committees are working
diligently and will make their report to
the Grand Jury on Thursday.
It is plain that crime was committed,
but it seems impossible to ascertain
who committed it. The rosters leave
no clew, nor do any other records.
There was no one at the polls to'make
it a point to scrutinize suspected ille
gal voters for identification. The only
opportunity of prosecution appears to
lie in cases where a citizen happened
to witness the criminal act and was
able to identify the stuffer. Fairfax
"W'heelan has come forward with a
complaint against Wyman, but this is
the only instance thus far in which
there is a basis for prosecution.
In the Thirty-eighth District about
15 per cent of the votes were fraudu
lent. The Fortv-fourth had a smaller
l>ercentage, according to the results of
the examination to date.
• "The revelations call for drastic
measures and for upheaval of an ocean
of corruption." was the comment of a
grand juror last night.
But with the flood of crime before
them, the grand jurors feel helpless to
cope with it. The fact that the ballot
boxes were fairly crammed with the
Ftuffing stares them in the face, but
how the guJlty can be ferreted out is a
question that the investigators cannot
solve. The forgeries of signatures of
bona fide residents by those who ille
pally voted their names stand out
plainly in the miserable scrawls of
opium fiends and other nondescripts
herded about from precinct to precinct
In the early morning hours of primary
day.
In the Forty-third Assembly District
the number of illegal votes cast was
about 40 per cent of- the total. In pre
cinct 103 the honest vote was but a
nmall fraction of the total. It is for
illegal voting in this precinct that
Charles W'yman was charged in the
Police Court by Fairfax Wheelan.
That the frauds were perpetrated on
bo large a scale has opened the eyes of
the Grand Jury committees to the fact
of reckless disregard for the law and
a criminal negligence on the part of
election officers that is overwhelming.
The gTand Jurors are appalled as
their probe goes deeper into the frauds
of the recent primary election. Exam
ination of the precinct rosters reveals
a delugre of crime. Some of the ballot
boxes had many more illegal votes in
th«»m than honest votes, and bo fla
prant was the stuffing that the boards
<>f elect ion, it has been concluded, must
have aided and abetted the bold viola
tions of the law.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
opened bids for the printing: of the
bonds .„ proposed to be issued by the
city "for public improvements. Bids
were submitted \u25a0'by the Union Litho
graphing Company at $6485 for litho
graphing; Phillips, Smyth & Van Or
den. $5484 (lithographs); New York
Bank Note Company, $19,850 (steel
engraving) ; Commercial Publishing
Company, $3450 (lithographs); United
States Mortgage and Trust Company
($16,974 (combination): H. S. Crocker
Company, $16,500 for steel engravings
and $4250 for lithographs; Britton &
Key, $6247 50 (lithographs); National
Label and Lithographing Company,
$6850 (lithographs); Galloway Litho
graphing Company, $4820 (litho
graphs).
Supervisor Booth said there was
some doubt as to whether the bonds
should be lithographed or engraved on
steel. The bids were then referred to
the joint Committee on Printing and
Public Utilites, which will meet next
Friday at 3 p. m.
Bids for the purchase of the bonds
themselves will be received by the
board next Monday afternoon.
Recorder Godchaux appeared before
the board and again pleaded for relief
from being compelled to dismiss five
of his clerks because Mayor Schmitz
refuses to make the necessary recom
mendation that the clerks be employed
under a specific appropriation for
"index clerks." Godchaux said the
work of the office was crippled and the
public was inconvenienced as a result.
Mayor Schmitz refused to recede
from his stand in refusing to. approve
the appointments of the men. He
said an appropriation was made on a
basis of 8 cents a folio to be paid to
copyists, when, in fact, they had re
ceived but 6 cents, the difference go
ing to pay the index clerks. Schmitz
said favoritism must have been shown,
as the index clerks made $100 a
month, while the copyists earned but
$75. Godchaux explained that the
clerks worked longer thin the copy
ists. After the discussion took a desul
tory turn the board adjourned without
action.
Evidence of Crime Abundant,
but Clews to Perpetra
tors Are Wholly Lacking
Recorder Appeals in Vain
for Relief in Matter of
the Pay of Index Clerks
GODCHAUX MAKES PLEA
WORK SEEMS USELESS
Forgeries on Rosters Tell
of Cramming of Ballot
Boxes at the Primaries
Supervisors Will Choose
Between Lithographing
and Steel Engraving
VOTING FRAUDS
APPALL JURORS
BOND PRINTING
BIDS OPENED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1901.
Receiver James Smith Jr., of New Jersey, Knocks Down
Big Institution to Agent Pollock, Who Represents the
Reconstruction Committee and Shows Large Check
REORGANIZED SHIPBUILDING TRUST
BUYS UNION IRON WORKS AT AUCTION
5
\u25a0 ADVERTISEMENTS.
LefYouT HusKaiadCarry flieHod
-7— 'the Coal hod. Ite no
occupa tioxifor a Tftsmaiio
\u25a0 '6o per cent tjP^
cheapcrrktanc^^^^M' ;
- andjIoctqiL bills. \u25a0 T||j3§^
Bvy a Gas Range From
SAN FRANCISCO GAS AND ELECTRIC CO,
4_5 • POST - STREET,
AXMINSTER CARPETS
reduced to 1 *! 02
We have made other reductions in
our Carpet Department just as big.
For good Carpets at reasonable prices
you can't do better than inspect our
comprehensive assortment.
W.& J. SLOAN R & CO,
\u25a0FURNITURE-CARPETS • RUGS • DRAPERIES'
114-122 POST ST..S.F.
-^-;>' \u25a0
jhj HBH ijSE/ m 'MBS bMlHB Si bSv 2£-l n£vw Wk \u25a0ngjjs
%j{ _S-B _Bw *^ vS-g_»— . EfKS *^~^H La m[ Mm* KjB
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no on*
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
'• Just-as-good " are but Experiments, and endanger thm J
health " of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor OU, Pare-!
goric, Drops and Soothing- Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other 'Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething 1 Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
yy Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
' TMC CtKMUd COMPANY. TT MUMMY WTHKCT. NCWTUM CITY. - \u25a0.'. '
CJlMOORMANflfCO, SHERWOOD t± SHERWOOD \u2666 '^
t ;-<:'' SHEBWOOD ft SHEBWOOP, 813-314 MABKET STMET.William C. Dellow, a barber, who
alleges that he was badly beaten and
bruised yesterday by Dr. Hartland
Law, P. C. Huntington and Joe De
martini, took auick action for re
venge late yesterday afternoon by fil
ing a suit for. $3000 damages*] against
his alleged \u25a0 asailants. He says that
they entered his property and violent
ly struck him, cutting his nose. Dr.
Law is one of the owners of the
Crossley building. Huntington is man
ager of the property. Dellow has a
shop in the Crossley building.
W. C. Dellow Sues Dr. II. Law for
Injuries Said to Have Been Caused
by His Agents.
BARBER WANTS DAMAGES
FOR AIJjEGED ASSAULT
The completed official list of eligible
candidates for the Stanford freshman
fbotball team, including forty-five
names, was sent to the University of
California to-day. The list from Cali
fornia has been received and contains
forty-nine names.
Colleges Exchange JLlsts.
Attorney Frank Schilling yesterday
paid $20 to Dina Smith; his divorce
case client, from whom he was saic
to have withheld money paid by hei
husband as alimony. This compliance
with the alternative -given him by
Judge Hunt resulted in the dismissal
of the action against him of unprofes
sional conduct. Judge Hunt heard the
accusations .last Friday and told th«*
attorney that unless the money was
paid by Monday he would be suspena
ed from thepractice of hia profession.
Schilling held out. to the last minute
and in the meantime applied to the
Supreme Court for a writ of prohibi
tion-: to prevent Judge , Hunt j from
carrying his . order into -effect. ' The
higher court turned the lawyer down.
* The Supreme Court held that the
writ does not . show that' Judge Hunt
exceeded his jurisdiction lri" making the
order; of suspension. The information
thus gleaned cost Schilling $7 50 for
costs.
Applies in Vain to the Supreme Court
for Writ to Stop Judge
Hunt's Order.
SCHILLING PAYS MOXEY
" AND IS NOT SUSPENDED
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 26.— The third race
of the Swallow Fleet was sailed yester
day and the Phantom won by five min
utes over her closest. competitor. Each
of the yachts, Phantom, Meteor and
Satanic .has a heat and as the cup
goes to the first which wins two con
tests, next Sunday is expected to see
the finish.
Phantom Wins Third Race..'
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— Entries for the
automobile races to be held at Harlem
next Friday and Saturday are nearly
all in. Barney Oldfleld, Carl Fisher
and Earl Riser will be among those
who will compete in the events.
Oldfield Will Again Compete.
• EPOKANE, Sept. 26.— John J. Mc
*"ORk«y, manager of the Boise Baseball
Club in the Pacific National League,
has brought suit against the club for
$1140. McCiosJcey claims he was to be
paid $2750 and 75 per cent of the score
card sales and that he is still owed
51146. President W. H. Lucas of the
Pacific National League, who holds
Boise's $1000 guarantee, is made gar
nlshee defendant.
McClosfcry Sues the Boise Club
By the New York Morning Telegraph.
First race — Ascension, Counterpoise,
James V.
Second race— Workman, Voladay,
Cznritr»hi-iC\
Third race — Gray inn,'- Allan, Can
teen. '
Fourth race — Stalwart*.- Ormonde's
Right, Broomstick.
Firth race— Delusion, Black Cat,
S».T:rv»tra.
Sixth rarq— Hurst Park, Alun-a-
Dnle. -Jar!: Pntlin.
.Condition of the track — -Fast.
graVesend selections.
By Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Irene Me, First Attempt,"
Maggie Leeber.
Second rac« — Ebony, Dutiful, Lida
Lcib. /
Third race — Gypzene, Katie Powers,
Luralishtcr.
Fourth race — Spencerian, Reserva
tion. Port Royal.
• Fifth race — Flaxman, Subtle, Bowl
ing Bridge.
Sixth race — Swiftwing, Horton,
Cliacen.' « •
Condition of the track — Heavy.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Seeks Damages for Broken Jaw.
• The suit of Edward Logue against
Edward Rodgers for $290 damages
was tried before Justice of the Peace
Daniels yesterday and taken under ad
vitement. Logue is a hay and. grain
dealer and Rodgers a saloon-keeper.at
Ocean View. Two bales of hay were
the cause of a violent rupture of the
friendly relations J; that had long
existed. Quarrels were engaged in
periodically, but finally Rodgers at
tacked the plaintiff, ; it is. alleged, and
broke his- jaw. Logue was in bed for
two months as a result of the injury
and now demands reimbursement for
doctor's bills and cost of hiring a man
to run the feed business. ;->- -
The following directors were present:
W. S. MacGavin, Dr. Lovegrove, Dr.
Noble, Frank S. Mitchell and Grant M.
Smith. Absent: W. B. Collier and
Harry H. Haight.
The Board of Dlrectcfs of the Cali
fornia Tennis Club met last night to
arrange for the annual elVtion of of
ficers which will be held Saturday.
The principal business was the ap
pointing of a nominating con\pittee.
The following were selected to icct in
this capacity: W. S. MacGavin. ChaKes
G. Kuehn and Chester J. Smith.
No opposition is looked for, and the
ticket as put up by the committee will
probably be elected. It is likely there
will be one or two changes as a result
of the election.
Tennis Club Directors Meet.
Marksmen From Different Parts of
the State Elect Temporary Of
ficers of New Organization.
The delegates appointed by the dif
ferent shooting organizations of the
State to form a Pacific Coast Shooting
Bund met at Odeon Hall last evening
and were called to order by D. B. Fak
tor. F. A. Kuhls, the well-known
marksman, was elected temporary
chairman, and T. J. Carroll temporary
secretary. Considerable enthusiasm
was manifested by the persons pres
ent. Communications were received
from different parts of the State wish
ing success to the new undertaking
and promising hearty co-operation.
D. B. Faktor, one of the most enthusi
astic marksmen of the State, stated
the reason for the formation of the
new organization and presented the
list of the* following delegates:
• Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club— W. F.
Blasse, G. E. Frahm. B. P. Jones.
Turner shooting section— Joseph Straub, D.
Davidson. Charles Peach. .,_.__
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club — H. P.
Nelson, H. Windmuller, A. M. Paulson.
Grutll shooting section— F. Werton, O. K.
Hauser, P. Simmen.
Norddeutscher " Schuetzen Club— A. West
rhal. F. Thode. John Gefken. .
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein — Captain H.
Stelllng. K. Werthelmer, Lieutenant H. Meyer.
Independent rifles — H. Goetjen, Jr., C. Iver
son. C. Andrews.
California Schuetzen Club— A. Rahwyler. T.
'j. Carroll, F. Levers.
Germanla Schuetzen Club— H. Huber. C. M.
Henderson. Charles F. Thlerbach.
Pacific Indoor Club — J. Kytka, Max Ko
landcr. F. V. Klngton.
Sacramento-Helvetia Rifle Club — Captain F.
Ruhstaller, Jacob Gruhler, Jacob Myer.
Krelger Verein — C. Weggenman, G. Braun,
F. Kaiser.
Eintracht shooting section — Captain F. A.
Kuhls, L. Schmidt. C. von Hartwig.
MEET TO FORM A PACIFIC
COAST SHOOTING BUND
Second race, one mile, selling — \u25a0 General
Steward 99. LI da Leib 99, Dutiful 99, Falernian
99. Plautus 101. Miss Melton 104, Ebony 106.
Third race, 6even furlongs, purse — Annie
Alone 82 Safety Light 104, Katie Powers 104,
Little Kikln 107, Lurallghter 107, Barkelmore
110. Gypjsene 110.
Fourth race., mile and seventy yards — Spen
cerlan 103. Coruscate IOC, The Musketeer 109,
Port itoyal 112, Reservation 115.
Fifth race, five furlongs, purse' — Jade
100. HA Early 100. Clara Berry 100, . Miss
Jordan 100, Sis Lse 100, Odelot 100, Sllverskin
103. Bonnie Prince Charlie 103. Bowling
Bridge 103, Subtle 105, Flaxman 113.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling
— O' Hasan 102, Louisville 102, Royal Pirate
107 Benson Caldwell 107, The Way 110, Hor
ton' 110. Swiftwing 112.
First race, six furlongs, selling — Maggie
Leeber 98. Trossachs 08, Berry Waddell 08,
Foxmcad OS. Sir Mars 103. Lady Belalr 103.
Wlldere 103. First Attempt 104, Heritage 106.
W. W .T. 107, My Jane 108, Rowland M
111. Mohican 111. Jove 112, Harry New 112,
Irene M2£ 114.
ICAGO, Sept. 26. — To-morrow's entries
Tr&lcer McDonald says Gans is in
fine condition, fit to enter the ring at
uny moment.
Kid Sullivan was scheduled to bcrx
eight rounds with the negro, but at
the er.d of the fi-urth he begged to be
excused. Rudolph Grossman took Sul
livan's place, but fared no better, for
at the end of the third round he was
nearly out.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 26.— A forty
mile run to Alto, followed by a brisk
rub-down, constituted Joe Gans' morn
ing's vrork to-day. The afternoon was
devoted principally to boxing and
punching a mammoth bag stuffed with
oakum and weighing about one hun
dred pounds. Gans punched it for half
aa hour, and showed no sign of fa
tigue.
Are Fought
STUKDY BOXERS UNABLE
TO STAND GANS' BLOWS
Spairincr Partners of Xegro Quit Be
fore SchPduled'Nambcr of Rounds
WORTn ENTRIES.
First race— Jennie Hughes, Torlo,
Turrando. .-\u25a0\u25a0
Second race— Ethel's Pride, Jack
Moran, Lady Lou.
Third race— Check Morgan, North
wind, Orpheum.
Fonrth race— Jungle Imp, Monaco
Maid, Xada.
Fifth race — Athena, Worthington,
The Hebrew.
Sixth race — Atlas, Miss Manners,
Alffoncuin.
Condition of the track — Heavy.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.-~Supreme
Court Justice McLean has /efused an
application for an injunc/on to re
strain the Brooklyn Jockey Club from
running races at the Gravesend track,
on the ground that there was nothing
in the papers to show thai a crime was
about to be committed, and on the
statement that, in his opinion, the
court had no power to /rant such.in
junction.
Justice of the New York Supreme
Court Refuses to Issue an In
. junction. ..
FUTILE EFFORT TO CliOSE
GRAVESEND RACECOURSE
First race, about six furlongs, selling,
three-year-olds and up, ?1000 added — James V
112, Pat Bulger 110, Astarlta 108, Ascension
108. Duchess Ollie 104, Little Em 104, Ret
icent 103, Castalian 103, Fort Plain 102, Mary
Glenn 100, Step Away 08, King Pepper 9$,
Counterpoise 98, Right and True 96, Clear the
Arena 96, Funny Side 95, Old England 93,
Vlncennes 93. Palette" 94.
Second race, about six furlongs, handicap,
two-year-olds, $1000 added — Flyback 120.
Councilman 116, Czaraphlne 115, Voladay 10*.»,
Fancy Dress 106, Glenecho 105, Workman 100,
Derry 97, Butllng 95, Mistiss 93, The Chanti
cleer 88, Amberjaok 86. (Flyback and Voladay,
Thomas entry.)
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles,
selling, three-year-olds and up, $1000 added —
Brlarthorpe 109. Sals 107, Canteen 105, Daisy
Green 105, Gravina 105, April Showers 103,
Akela 103, Trompa 103, Allan 103, Cottage
Maid 103. Wizard 100, Dimple 98, The Lady
Rohesla 96, Hydrangea S9, Dr. Loder S9.
Vagary 89.
Fourth race, one and three-quarter miles,
the Hindoo, guaranteed value $15,000. three
ytar-olds — Broomstick 126, Stalwart 120, St.
Valentine 118, Ormonde's Right 106. (Stal
wart and St. Valentine, Thomas entry.)
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing, two-year-olds, maiden fillies — Druid 106,
Sumatra 10-5, Bravery 104, Myopia 102, Is
mallan 102, Queen Rose 100, Suffice 100, Fair
Reveler 100, Sunray 99, Coy Maid 99, Black
Cat 90, Nightmare 97. Delusion 96, Holy
Sri'.oke 05, Little Buttercup 95. Bisque 09.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap, all ages. $1200 added — Alan-a-Dale
12«. Hurst Park 121. St. Valentine 114. Jack
Ratlin 103, April Showers 105. Lord Mel
bourne 97. Ethics 92, Louis H 90.
NEW YORK, Sept. 26. — To-morrow's en
tries:
GKAVESEXD ENTRIES.
The contest against the will of
Charles Komfeld by relatives residing
at Warsaw, Russia, came to a sudden
ending in Judge Coffey's court yester
day morning upon a motion for a
judgment of dismissal made by Otto
Irving Wise, attorney for the con
testants. The attorneys for the de
fense consented to the dismissal.
The trial of the case, by which th«
brother and uncle cf the dead man
sought to obtain a share of the
9250,000 left by him, was begun Wore
a Jury last Friday. The hearing was
continued until yesterday morning,
when it was expected Wise would in
troduce evidence to show that Kora
feld had written letters to his relatives
promising to provide for them in his
will. Wise was asked if a settlement
had been made out of court, but he de
clined to discuss the reasons for ths
dismissal. \u2666
Attorney for Russian Relatives De
clines to Tell Why They Aban
doned Suit for Fortune.
KORXFELD WILL CONTEST
IS ENDED BY DISMISSAL
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds
and up; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. ,
li» to 5— Ahula, 102 (Nicol) 6 2 6 16
7 to 5— Aden. 112 (Shaver) 7 11 2n
8 to 1— Floyd K, 104 (Aubuchon) 5 3 3 3 6
Time, 1:33 1-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, R. Bradley & Co.'s br. f. (4), by
Aloha-Mrs. Stuart. Plautus 100, Aggie Lewis
100, Lampoon 101, Cbamblee 109, Trepan 107,
finished as named.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth mllea;
three-year-olds ami up; selling: - : *
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5 — Gloriosa, 105 (Tooman)., 4 11 In
13 to 10— Ben Chance, 103 (Nicol). 3 3 1 2 7
2D to 1— Ea«y Trade. 100 (Hoff m) 6 2 4 3 n
Time, 1:55 4-5. Start' good. Won driving.
Winner. C. E. Durnell's ch. f. (4), by Hast
liiSK-Glory. Malakoff H5, Pirateer 113, Chan
terelle 105, Santa Teresa 100, finished as
named.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, selling
— Canyon 112. Worthington 104, St. Slmonian
104, Nettie Regent 09, Judite Cantrill 99,
King's Charm 97. Lyrist 97. The Hebrew 04,
Oria 94, Athena 03. Alcom R 93, Mildred L S9.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Evening
Star 109, Miss Manners 109, Bugler 106, Ve
lasquez 105. Laura Hunter 105, Whlslfers 100,
Howling. Dervish 100, Dr. Scharff 100. Atlas
09, Dusky 98, Algonquin 91, Wamut Hill 94.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 26. — To-morrow's entries:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Glendon
109 Hickory Corners 106. Jennie Hughes 106,
Miracle II 106, Billy Moore 106, Escanaba 106,
Lady Matchless 101. ReKlna D 100, Turrando
•100. Sir Carter 100, Albertola 95, Torlo 05.
Second raco, five furlongs, selling — Jack
Moran 108, My Eleanor 105, Monogram 105,
Ethel's Pride 105, Anvolena 103, Tullatuska
103. Miss Powell 103. Military Girl 100, Fred
Prlesmeyer 100. Captain Brolaskl 100, Lady
Lou 100. Chancy 100.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — llera
phlan 100 Pompey 106. Kitty G 106, Illumin
ate 106, Branch II 106, North Wind 104, Or
pheuin 104, Flora Levy 101, John II 10L
Pyrrho 101, Metlakatla ICO. Check Morgan 05.
Fourth race, eleven-sixteenths of a mile,
purse — Yada 110. Jungle Imp 107, Willowdene
107. Monaco Maid 104, Judg« Brady 103,
Renaissance 100. Lone Wolf 100. Dave Stahl
100, Terns Rod 100, Lady Mercury 05, Dorothy
Dodd S3.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
selling; three-year-olds" and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Reveille, 02 (Crimmlns). 2 12 11
20 to 1-^-GllstfO, 99 (Hlldebrand). 3 4 2 2 5
13 to 5— S. Moments, 108 (Rdfrn) 4 2 h 3 4
lime, 1:54 3-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, A. < Miller's ch. c. by Golden Dawn-
Harmony II. Cincinnatua Homestead, Pen
taur. Eagle, Stonewall, Flexion, Requlter,
Keynote, finished as named.
" SIXTH RACE— About six furlongs; - handi
cap; - three-year-olds :
Betting, Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Ldy Amelia, 135 (Redfn) 6 13 1 2}i
5 to 1— Mineola, 117 (Shaw) 3 62 23
15 to 1— Mrjoram, 100 (HCochrn) 6 3 h 3 1
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start sood. Won ridden
out. Winner, E. R. Thomas' br. f. by Ben
Brush-La Colonia. Ancestor, Dapple Gold,
Auditor, Tide, Topic, finished as named.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mllea;
handicap; mares of all ages:
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to C — Gunfire, 126 (Hlldebrand) 1 Sb 11
8 to 1— Gracerul, 112 (H Phillips) 4 4 1 2 %
4 to 1— Fleur d Marie, 92 (Crmns) 3 1 h 3 5
Time. 1:48. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, H. B. Duryea's br. m. by Hastings-
Royal Gun. Outcome, Thistle Heather, Ship
shape, Toi San, finished as named.
•California— <J. F. Aehly. J. E. Allen. C. H.
Arnold, J. W* Barnicott, A. V. Bownay, H.
liudclmann, \V. G. Daggln. R. A. Fobter,
y. \\. Fancher, H. F. Flakelsteln. W. 1^
Uo!ch-r, L. V. Graham. S. B. Hall. P. M
Herriutt, W. H. Henderson, W. M. HerrOd,
A. I? arris, n. D. Jacobs, R. V. Jordan, O.
K«s:te?ibacn, (J. R. Kerr, A. C. Kendall. W.
Msnley, o. L. Matt-el. H. H. Meyer. G. L.
iicl>jna1d, A. Meyer. E. S. MlUard. R. L.
Hitter, J. G. Newman, R. Newman. J. F. S
Nvrtiicroft. J. E. Oetrander. C. M. Parsons
i;. T. Riiey, K. M. Richardson, D. Slasher.
U. W. Ptow. R. F. Pnowden. H. M. gpringer,
R. S. Sr>i*nt;on. K. T. Smith. TV. E. sSperry.
«;. H. Towns. F. H. Twitchell. E. D. Wood
\u2666 ruJT. a B. West, H. M. Whiting, C. It.
Zaebarair.
SUinford— H. T. Blodgett, J. H. Bell. R. H.
Buokmeyer. N. P. Bryan, M. A. CadwalU*?r.
<\ <'a!lin. C. E. Chandler, G. C. Coe, A. N.
Cole. E. D. Cole", J. Cooney, A. H. Doit, F
V>\ iK^r. A. H. Frauklln. K. L. Fenton, D.
H. Forrj-. R. M. Ftrd, L. Gay. J. H. Gib
son. E. J. Hadley, J. R. Hanna, H. M. Bauer
>.'. R. Heyneman. II. L. Horton.. A. L
Kearne. A. L. Kocher, W. Cramer. C O
J^nii?. R. W. MoPray. A. E. Meyers, U. y
Wn A. M. Moody, L. N»wland. F. C
Newman, B. Overman. J. R. Pemberton. R.
IX PUreman. R. C. Ramsey. W. H. Sum
rn«r. E. C Thompson. A. P. Tomaslni, P.
P B vT'"* 1 F ' Vjln<:ervort . B- F. Wilson,
Stanford and California Faculty Com
mittees Publish List of Those
Entitled to Participate.
BERKELEY, Sept. 26.— The facul
ty committees on athletics represent
ing California and Stanford universi
ties, having settled upon the names of
l lie freshmen entitled by their stand
4ng to participate in college games,
Ijublished to-day the list of men who
will be eligible for the intercollegiate
freshman contest. It is as follows:
SLTTLE OX FRESHMEN
ELIGIBLE FOR PLAY
THIRD RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; the
Speculation selling stakes; for 3-year-olds, up:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 5— De Reszke, 106 (Hildebd) 1 3 4 H
12 to 1 — Damon 111 (Lyne) 5 2h 2h
12 to 1— Cloverland, 111 (Redfern) 4 6 8 3 h
Time, 1:49. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. M. L. Hayman'a br. h. by Lamplighter-
Serene. Proceeds, Seymour, Gay Lothario,
Brooklynlte and New York finished as named.
Da Silva said yesterday that he
knew nothing of the charges against
him except by newspaper report. He
came over on the Doric, he added,
with Lee Toy and 200 Chinece men
and twelve women on the way to the
exposition in St. Louis, he being sim
ply an interpreter for the Hong Tai
Company, one of the concessionaires.
Da Silva was very indignant because
of the published statement that he
was of mixed Chinese and Portuguese
blood.
"I was born in China," he added,
"but I am a full blooded Spaniard."
Spanish Interpreter Antonio de la
Torre Jr. of the Immigration Bureau
says that Da Silva does not speak
good Spanish.
United States Secret Service Agent
John E. Murphy of St. Louis arrived
at the Appraiaer'3 building yesterday
afternoon, having in custody H. L.
Eca da Silva, formerly an interpreter
of Chinese in the Immigration Bu
reau at this port. Da Silva, with Lee
Toy and two others whose identity 13
not disclosed, was indicted by the Fed
eral Grand Jury of this district for be
ing engaged in the illicit importation of
Chinese into the United States.
Former Chinese Interpreter of the
Immigration Barwtn Denies Hav
ing Violated Exclusion Act.
SECOND RACE— About two and a half
miles: steeplechase handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1 — Fly. Buttress, 156 (Ftngn) 1 4 3 12
15 to 1— Gascar, 133 (Bernhardt). 5 2n 2 2
13 to 5 — Amur, 147 (Henry) 8 7 2 34
Time, 4:57 1-5. Start straggling. Won
easily. Winner, M. J. Cavanagh's b. h. by
Montana-Belle of Butte. Jim Slick, I'aulaker,
Goldray, Nancy and Mussina finished as
named.
SIXTH RAC&— One and, a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward:
Betting. Horse, Weight,' Jockey, St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Extol. 103 (S Dlckson) 5 8 8 12
6 to 1— Varro, 105 <W Dugan)... 1 12 23
9 to 2— Bugle Horn, 92 (McLghln) 3 2 13 2
Time, 1:58V4- Start good. Won easily.
Winner, C. E. Burnett & Co.'s b. h. (4) by
Exile- Pretense. Behoove 100, Pathos 103
Northwind 108, finished aa named.
FIFTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds:
Betting, Horse, Weight, Jockey, St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Misa Doyle, 100 (Rice).. 3 2 16 1 6
2 to 5 — Ftlt Favorite. 00 (Howll) 1 In 2 30
10 to 1— Rachel Ward, 96 (Seder) 2 3 3
Time, 1:5014. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, P. J. Milletfs ch. f. by The Com
moner-Thistle. (Only three started.)
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap;
three- year-olds and upward:
Betting, Horse, Weight. Jockey, St. *i Fin.
9 to 5 — Scotch Dance, 101 (Howll) 4 14 13
4 to 6 — Barklylte 107 (W Watsn) 3 4 1 2 1%
8 to 1— Lansdowne, 90 (McLaugh) 2 2 1iJ3n
Time, 1:21 Mr. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, W. Cole & Co.'s ch, c. (3) by Guido-
Mazurka. St. Agnes II 86, also . ran.
DA SILVA ARRIVES
IN CHARGE OF SlXTRPffT
The cups and flags won at the re
gatta held on Admission day by the
Pacific Inter-Club Yacht Association
were distributed yesterday afternoon
at the temporary quarters of the Mer
chants* Exchange. The Law cup in
the twenty-foot special class was won
by D. Abecassis, owner of the. sloop
Vixen, the flag for second place going
to Percy Burr, owner of the little
yawl with the tan colored sails, the
Kittiwake. In the twenty-five foot
class A. Stevens, owner of the sloop
Ruby, took the Macdonough cup, J.
McFarlane, owner of the sloop Dis
covery, receiving the flag for second
place. In the special yawl class the
Macdonough cup went to Robert Vin
cent, owner of the yawl Iola, the red
flag being awarded to William Fisher,
owner of the Nereid. In the thirty
foot class W. G. Morrow, owner of the
sloop Challenger, took the Macdon
ough cup, and the flag for second
place went to Westerfeld & Morrow,
owners of the sloop Aeolus. Frank
Stone, owner of the sloop Presto, cap
tured the Macdonough cup in the thir
ty-six foot class, the flag for second
place being taken by Meyer & Sharpe,
owners of the sloop Harpoon. In the
thirty-six foot class the Macdonough
cup was won by Commodore T. Jen
nings, owner of the Speedwell, and
the flag for second place was taken
by Fulton Berry, owner of the sloop
Nixie.
The winners of the Law and Mac
donough cups also received the blue
flag of the association with five white
stars and the figures 1904. In pre
vious years it has been the custom to
award certificates to the winners of
first and second places, but this prac
tice was not followed on this occasion.
Macdonough and I^aw Trophies, With
Prize Flags, Are Distributed to
the Victors.
YACHT OWNERS CiKT CUPS
WON" IX KECEyT REGATTA
STANDING OF CLUBS.
(National League.) i (American League.)
W. L. Pet. vr:L.Pct.
New York.. 103 39 .727 Boston 87 53 .«M
Chicago ... 85 56 .«03'New York.. 83 SWJ .610
Pittshurg .. 80 M .5SO' Chicago 81 59 .57>>
Cincinnati . SO CO .57l|Phlladel ...74 69 .So*
St. Louis... 68 71 .4&): Cleveland ..74 62 .544
Brooklyn .. 68 90 .3T1 St. Louis... 59 78 .4»(>
Boston 49 03 .845 Detroit 66 81 .409
Fhlladel.. . 47 95 .331 Wash'ton ..38 103 .248
NEW YORK, Sept. 26.— The New
York Nationals scored their hundred
arid third victory of the season to-day
by defeating Pittsburg in both games
of the double-header. Attendance 6800.
Scores: .
First garnet- H. H. E.
Plttsbtrry • 3 7 1
New York & 9 3 '
Batteries— Leerer and Phelps. Taylor and i
Bowerman. . .
Second game— R. H. t..
Plttab.trg 0 14
New York 1 2. 2
Batteries — Flaherty and Phelps. Donnelly
and Warner. Umpires — Moran and O'Day.
BROOKLYN. Sept. 28 — Chicago scored a
double shutout on the Brooklyn team to-day.
The. second xame was called at the end of the
sixth on account of darkness. Attendance.
1500. Scores :
First game — K. H. E.
Chlcaso i 4 9 0
Brooklyn 0 4 1
Batterles^ — Welmer and Kiln?, Riesling and
Bergen.
Second game — . R. H. E.
Chicago 1 5 6
Brooklyn 0 2 1
Batteries — Brtgg-a and CNelll. Jones and
Hitter. Umplres-^-Einslle and Carpenter.
BOSTON. Sept. 26.— With one out In the
ninth Inning, to-day'a game waa called on
account of darkness,, leaving Boston the win
ner. Attendance, 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston •• 3 6 1
Cincinnati 13 1
Batteries — Willis and Moran, Walter and
Street. Umpire — Zimmer.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST LOUIS, Sept. 26. — St. Louis and Wash
ington broke even here to-day In the last
game of their series, each scoring two runs.
The came was called at the end of the
eleventh Inning on account of darkness. At
tendance. 800. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 5 1
Washington 2 0 0
Batteries — Morgan and Sugden, Patten and
Kittredge,
DETROIT. Mich., Sept. 26.— Boston stepped
back Into first place by winning both parts
of the doable header here to-day. In the first
one Donovan did not glre a hit, but kicked
on decisions until he was sent to the club
house in the sixth. Stovall lost his head in
the eighth. Dlneen pitched a great game. In
the second Detroit knocked Winter out in one
Inning, but Boston came rleht back and bat
ted in a lead In the next and then was never
headed. Attendance, 2000. Scores:
First game— R. H. E.
Detroit 0 7 2
Boston 2 3 O
Batteries — Donovan. Stovall, Jaeger and
Drill: Dlneen and Criger.
Second game — ' R. " H. E.
Detroit S 7 3
Boston 5 10 2
Batteries — Kltson, Jaeger and Drill; Winter,
Young and Doran.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 26. — Cleveland dashed
New York's hopes of winning the pennant to
day by taking both games. Stovall won the
first by making a three-bagger with the bases
full In the eighth inning. In was Chesbro's
first defeat In ten games. In the second game
Powell became wild In the seventh Inning and
forced In two runs, winning the game. Scores:
First game — R. IL E.
Cleveland 4 8 0
New York 3 9 0
Batteries — Joss and Bemls. Chesbro »nd Mc-
Guire.
Second game — R- H. E.
Cleveland $ 10 *
New York 2 8 1
Batteries — Donahue and Buelow, Powell and
McGuire. .
CHICAGO. Sept. 26. — Philadelphia won the
final game of the series by a nice bunching
of hits In the seventh inning, scoring two
runs. Attendance, 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 11 1
Philadelphia -.2 7 0
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan, Plank
and Noonan.
The sale of seats will open this morn
£ ing at 112 Ellis street. Orders from
* various parts of the State have been
r«*cived and the club managers pre
dict a large house.
The public uill not be k»pt in the
dark In regard to the iveights of Wal
cott and cians when they appear in the
nug::ut Woodward's Pavilion Friday
flight- A stale will be placed in the
nng an<l shortly before the boxers are
nady to answer the sound of the gong
they will "weigh in" in full view of
these by the rinei«ide.
Jack- Welch has tin.illy been selected
s.h referee. "Billy" Pierce, r?pn_'sent
irc Walcott, an<l Harry '."ashman, rep-
Ff-nting the club, h<*!d out for Roche
as Ihp rtferce. There hav<± bt-en no re
flections cast upon Wtic&'c ability and
fairness, but the fact that Herfurd has
*uu:efcut?d in gaining more points. than
his thai* for Gam? ars<l that he wanted
WeVh also made the latter*! chances
ittnfc poor for a time.
The representatives of the boxers
liave agreed to change the original di
vision of the purse of 60 per cent to the
\u25a0winner and 40 per cent to the los«r to
Tr> per cent and 25 per cent, respect
ivtly.
The trainers at Walcott's say their
i,:an is within a pound of the weight
i.nd that when he steps into the ring
he will hv on edge.
Gans is at Shannon's Villa. San Ra
fael, working like a beaver, but he is
not worrying on the weight question,
Eg he will be several pounds below the
notch.
"It was agreed," said Mrs. Graff,
"that I was to receive $2 a week each
for boarding the boys, but since 1899
I have as yet received but $30. Re
peatedly I have sent ray brother ur
gent demands and requests for
money."
The evidence Introduced showed
that Willie and his younger brother.
Roy, an embryo jockey, have spent a
large portion of their spare time at
the Graff home.
CHICAGO. Sept. 26. — That Jockey
"Big Bill" Knapp should have earned
$10,000, more or less, at the local
tracks this season and then find him
self the central figure in a Justice
court suit for a board bill is one of
the anomalies of race track life.
Willie's eating and sleeping privi
leges, it appears, have for five years
been a donation from his father's sis
ter, Mrs. Lillian Graff of 2825 State
street, who, having grown tired of
contributing, has sued the boy's father
in Justice Martin's court.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CINCINNATI, O., Sept. 26.— The
fourth annual Grand Circuit meeting
opened at Oakiey Park here to-day, and
will continue until Saturday.
The Ohio stake for 2:09 trotters, purse
$5000, was the feature event of the day,
and was easily won by Tlverton, the
well-played favorite, in straight heats.
Results:
i:iS» vlass. pacing, purse $2000, three in five
— Ailus i'ointer won thre«- straight heate la
ZjoS^. :r:o4\. 2:u5Vi. Morning Star, Fan
tine, l>ad New* unil Peruna also started.
2:00 clsss, trcttinjr. the Ohio, purse $5000,
three In five — Tlverton won three straight
litals in 2:t*',j. 2:09v». 2:0*14: George G, Dr.
iHroni;. John Taylor, Knox's Gelatine King,
Mtu-loa Wilkt.N and Angriola also started.
2:14 class, trotting, ptirse $150o. three fn five
— Redwood won the second, third and fourth
h?ats in 'J:12H. 2:11}«. i:12V,. MP.lard San
ders won the first heat in 2:14. Lady Patchle,
Tom Miller Jr., Enchantress, Free Silver,
Kinley Mack, Wild Winter, Dorothea, Noretta.
Hopper and Governor McCauley also started.
Trottlr«, for foals of 1!H)2. purse $3oO0, two
in three— IV»n Voyage won two straight heats
lti 2:lT*i, 2:15?;. Libretto, The Phantom,
Koaa?*11e, Elm Ford, Ruby and Wigwam alst>
started. Libretto and The Phantom divided
eeeond and third money.
Reports From Walcott's
Camp Say That He Will
Be Kight on Edge Friday
Baby Trotter Twice Leads
Field to the Wire in
Event for Foals of 1902
Woman Accuses Her Broth
er, tJie Eider's Father,
of Failure to Settle
! GRAVESEND, Sept. 26.— One of the
features of the racing at Gravesend to
day was the easy victory of the fa
vorite, Gunfire, in the overnight han
dicap, in which she was carrying top
weight, 12C pounds, and In which as
I good as even money was offered
against her. Running without blinkers,
the mare was in third place for seven
furlongs; then she moved to the front
very fast and easily deprived the two
year-old, Fleur de Marie, of the lead.
; Gunfire won by several lengths. She
I was ridden with skill by Hildebrand.
1 Though Gunfire ran in the name and
colors of -H. B. Duryea, it is reported
upon excellent authority, that she will
become the property of Clarehce H.
Mackay at the close of this season and
will be mated with Banaster, which
won the Brooklyn and Metropolitan
handicaps, while Gunfire herself, won
the' Metropolitan" and was beaten a
head by her stable mate, Irish Lad,
for the Brooklyn handicap.
It was Gunflre's firBt victory this
year. ;S.he won her last race in 1903 at
the Jamaica track in November last.
Summary:
FIRST RACE — About six furlonga; purse;
for two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
Even— Burnt Hills, 107 (Redfn) 7 2 # 12
16 to 5-:Blandy, 115 (O'Nell)....«l lh 2h
12 to 1— Bedouin, 106 (Burns) 3 4 2 3*4
Time, 1:101-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. S. J. Sanford's b. f. by Cllfford-Whlp
laah. Blucher. Hot Shot, Sunray, Heart's De-
Bire, Redfox and Belatrix finished as named.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THIRD RACE— Six. and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds :
Bitting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. .% Fin.
4 to 5— Red L*af, 105 (D. Austin) 1 13 15
2 to 1— Eduanlo, 101 (W.Dugan) 4 8 6 2 nk
4 to 1— Lady Mercury, 06 (Rice). 2 2 2 3 1«
Time, 1:29%. Start good. Won eaally. Win
ner, C. Strauss & Co.'a ch. f. by Hermence-
Readena. Opinion 90, also ran.
SECOND RACR— Six furlongs; two-year-olds
and up: .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Tom Mankins,105(Cnwy) 7.1b 1.1 %•
2 to 1 — Tom Rowe, 100 (Dugan) 9 2 3 2 1%
12 to 1— Preventatlve, »C (Seder) 6 3 13 2
Time. 1:23%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. Lazarus' b. g. (3) by De Navarro-
Elpoco. Fenian 105. Tom Klley 110. Leila
Hunter SS, Nathan Woodcock 118, Shortcake
110. Oudon 108 Ethel's Pride 88, Colonel Bal
lantyn-e 100. finished as named.
ST. -LOUIS, Sept. 26. — Footlights
Favorite, heavily played at 19 to 20,
was badly beaten by. Miss Doyle in to
day's Delmar feature. Favorites won
three out of the six races. The weath
er was clear, the track heavy and the
attendance 4000. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlonga;
two-year-olds:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1 — Imp. Korea, 10O (D. Aus) 8 3 5 14.
7 to 2— Me J«Ua, 100 (Seder) . . . . 5 1 S 26
7 to 2— Belle S, 105 (Dugan) 1 4 2 3 nk
Time, UOI14. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, T. P.- Hayes & Co.'s ch. f. by Raeburn
l. T Ua. Eternally 105. Bessie Me 05, Trixle
White 100, Verandah «S, Pharmacy 100, Lady
Sellers 100,' Flying- Fire 10W. Stella - M - 105,
tierona 105, Katie Crews 100, finished a*
named. '
Special Dispatch to The CtJL
Boston Twice Defeats De
troit and Steps Back
Into the First Position
BON VOYAGE IS FAST
FINALLY SELECT WELSH
AMERICAN BAGB CLOSE
WANTS PAY FOE BOAKD
Gunfire Wins for
the Talent at
Gravesend.
Miss Doyle Beats
Footlights Fa
vorite.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; three-year
olds and up;, purse:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
J to 3 — Big Ben. 119 (Prior) 4 1 2Va 1 4
8 to 1— Coruscate, 107 (Roman). 3 22 2 2
3u to 1— Rankin, 1C7 (Mclntyre). 2 3 7 .38
Time, 1:17 8-5. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner. C. E. Durnell's b. g. (4), by Ben
Strome-Mint .Tulip. Edward Hale 101, Bar
rinrton 105. Fickle Saint 104, flntsned a*
named. Julia M. 101, left at the post.
\u25a0 SECOND RACE — Five furlongs; puta«; two
year-olds :
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 2— Gold Enamel.107 (N'icol). 4 1 h 1 8
15tol— La S'iKlUe, 104 (KobnuMO 4^23
'.' to 5 — Matador, 110 (Helgesen) 15 3 3 4
Time, 1:0.' ."-.V Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. M. I>. Mlller"s ch. c fcy Madison-Enamel.
Cutter 112, Peggy Mine 104, Down Patrick 107,
Vildo 108. Logtstllla 104. Dixie Andrews 104,
Watch Guard 112, finished as named.
THIRD RACK — One mile; Fort Dearborn
handicap; all axes:
BMting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
4 to 5 — Stroller. 105 (Nicol).... 4 3 5 11%
SO to 1 — Cheboygan, 10O (Romelli) 3 1 b 2 5
7 to 1 — Oregor K, 107 (Troxler). 1 2 2 ii 6
T-ime. 1 :47 1-5. Start ix>or. Won handily.
Winner, W. T. Brinkworth's br. g. (4) by
Ornament-Promenade. Magistrate 105, also
ran. . . .
Jockey Nico.l rode three winners,
one second and a third. The track
was deep and muddy and the weather
cloudy and threatening. A large
crowd attended. Most of the races
were marred by scratches. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; \u25a0elllng;; three
year-olds and up:
Hettlnr. Horso, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 10— Tarn O'Shanter.KXXAub) 6 15 18
T to 1— Tristan Shandy. 113(Trx) 4 7 8 2 1
3 to 1— Father Tallent.lOC(Nicl) 3 6 13 2
Time, 1:10 1-5. Start good. Won in a canter.
Winner, J. A. Wernb«rg's b. g. (4) by Kings
ton-B?n My Chree. Cyprlenne 108. Mary Mc-
Cafferty 109, Alllsta 1CS, Falernlan 111, Four
l^af C 10'J. Glad Smile 108, Taxman 122,
finished as named.
Stroller was pounded from 6 to 5
to 4 to 5. The stake was worth 11700
to the winner.
, CHICAGO, Sept. 26. — Scratches
ruined the Fort Dearborn handicap,
the feature event of the opening of
the fall meeting: of the Worth Jockey
Club. The original entry list had a
total of twenty likely starters, but
when the Held was called to the post
only four horses lined up, sixteen hav
ing; been withdrawn.
"Wally" Brinkworth's Stroller
proved the winner, after having been
all but left at the post. It was Nicol's
good judgment that permitted the
odds-on favorite to win. Nicol rated
the g-elding along nicely, while the
others were out Jn front "running
their heads off." When the leaders
had entered the stretch Nicol let ( the
favorite have his head and, cantering
along with his ears pricked and his
head high in air, Stroller came home
a length and a half to the good.
Cheboygan proved a surprise by
beating Gregor K five lengths for the
place.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Lightweight Jockey
Pilots Three
Winners.
\Yell - Played Favorite Is
First in the 2:01) Class
Trot at Oakley Park
"Bi<r Bill's" Appetite Sup-,
plies the Issue in an Ac
tion Filed by His Aunt
Fighters Will .Jump on Scale
in 3lid<Ue of II ing Just
Before the Tap of Cloni^
New York Nationals Score
Their One Hundred and
Third Victory of Season
PUBLIC TO KNOW
BOXERS' WEIGHT
FEATURE STAKE
FOR TIVERTON
NICOL'S FAULTLESS RIDING BRINGS
BRINKWORTH'S GELDING HOME FIRST
BOTH GAMES GO
TO THE GIANTS
JOCKEY KNAPP
IN A LAWSUIT
STROLLER WINS THE FORT DEARBORN HANDICAP AT WORTH IN A CANTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, '1904.
NOT AUTHORIZED TO COLLECT.— A. J.
Whlttaker. manager -of- the • Pacific Starch
Company,- 117- Sacramento street, secured . a
warrant, from Police Judee Cabaniss yesterday
for \u25a0 the , arrest of ; J. * C. Graham, : a salesman.
on a : charge of ' misdemeanor \u25a0 embezzlement.
It is ' alleged that on September. 10 Graliam,
who was not authorized to make collections,
embezzled f 5, which^be had collected from a
customer. • ' fflft'ltf tiflCT
While Frank Donnelly was walking
along Brannan street, near Japan;
last night, he was suddenly felled by
a blow on the head. His assailant
then "attempted to empty his pockets.
Donnelly was only, partly stunned ' by
the blow and grappled : with the rob
ber. «V fierce light ensued.
When the intended victim regained
his feet the thug fled. Donnelly at
tempted to pursue, but was too weak
from the effects of the blow on the
htad. Policemen from the Harbor
station • found an iron bar near the
scene shortly afterward. This is prob
ably the weapon with which Donnelly
was assaulted. •
Frank Donnelly, Felled by an Iron
Bar, Recovers and Pats* up
Brave Fight.
PIjUCKY MAX BAFFLES
MURDEROUS ASSAUI/T
r Manager- Huntingdon said last even
ing that Dellow had demanded that
his rent be reduced and when this was
refused the barber had, blocked up
one of the main passages in the build
ing. Huntington and Demartini, the
janitor, attempted to remove the ob
struction and an altercation resulted.
Huntington declares that the only
blows were struck by Dellow. Dr.
Law has been absent in the East for
several weelr
6
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
oe*eoooG©oe©cooo9©©oe*©o©oee©<»cc©©3©e6©ceoeae
: O "Just What I Want" 1
• "* am ierv<ra« and run down now, S
® &&£^9 bUt WlU be aU riK&t **\u25a0 a we elc-"
S Jt C 11116 " Nervous Ken. ©
S jJg^^a^ i.^teg>_ Cure« Temnle Weakness. O
• J&SElMra&-*|fiKfflA^ Cures Stomach Troubles. Q
<S JVkJmK& ljr - McLauKhlin'p Kleccric Hrlt Is a pop- A
Q SSjyS^a 'JWBBSHSrSt u ' ar remttI V nowudays. It in the only rem- a
A .^'^9ko— t cd y -which will cure while you sl<"«-p. Just !?
aL JlBBallBSEPSsSgg'Boreaigggl^a rut Jt on whcn Jou Co to bed, feel the 9
5 i«Vt8sPtE>^§S^'3«^W?^^ Ifi warm. ElOTving vitality coinjr into your 9
® raiSSs l^5^ri*55»Jl5«Sft ? weakrr.pJ parth and r^ytprinc their life and Q
O HKrK wEBIISA' mBmmSOS&B&M vi^ cr - aJ" 1 n °t a. moment's Inoonvpnlencc. (%
• fflffB(^i_Wrir^BJB^1fT!tSCT»J An{i y° u dont have to dose your a
• r " P0 ° r stomach v:ritl1 aaBt T drugrs. This q
C BHETJaiATISM AND STOMACH ©
9 V CATARRH CURED. ®
O WSgTOBFHBR^Bl^ DR - McL.AUGHL.lN — Dear Sir: One ©
0 <"uM not Imagine the siege of FUfterins I Q
O 5»S?SSiffSr'»BK!2 ll iM r-assed throueh from Ftomach trouble and a
a 1^^ffUv ( .'»*?K*-?CTl'ual rhpumatipm. I was subjected to severe 5?
a AKfiS WaSmtmmSSm drus treatment, stomach pump treatment *»
° WiS0%WflBtiKw» !1Il<1 d '"' t treatment, without the ieast re- 0
© SnWi^ffinSfiwB lief - x erew <34^unt-'d with them all, and Q
O 'T#»'yfi™83HiIlKja a " a last ns^>^ tried your belt two years A
A GcBaI l *<;!lt%w| tnaor ski- In thre- day* I could fltnB away my 2
•** cane, and la three months was a new man, *J
entirely cured, and felt better than I had for years. Several -of my friends have ©
© - fin<<- ]>urcha':rcd your belt*. I would not part with mine for $1000 if I could not get ©
9 another. Terrs truly, . JOHN B. GUAT. Tomalts, Marin Co.. CaL A
A Thift man was cured two years ago. «
O LDPP TCCT I will b« Bladi to give you a free test if you will call. Or A
«*• « KLL I COI i v.111 »end jou my FREE BOOK, with full Information. jL
~ scaled, free if you will tsend this ad. W
S Hr M G Mel auQ-hlin 906 Market St. g
Q L^i.ifi. \~S. iflCL*ClU £111*11, AboT. niii. 8« rr»nciiM. C»l. ©
O • Office Hour*— 8 a. in. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. a
ADVERT1SE3IENTS.
Columbtts, 'Ohio, May 20, 1903.
Six years ago I had a severe attack of
Inflammatory Rheumatism. I was laid up
in bed for six months, and the doctors I
had did me no good. They changed med-
icines every week and nothing they pre-
scribed seemed to help me. Finally I be-
gan the use of S. S. S. My knee and elbow
joints were swollen terribly, and at ons
time my joists were so swollen and pain-
ful that I could not close them when
opened. I was so bad that I could not
move knee or foot. I was-getting discour-
aged, you may be sure, when I began a S.
S., but as I saw it was helping me I contin-
ued it, and to-day I am a sound well mam
and have never had a return of the disease
S. S. S. purified my blood and cured me
of this severe case of Rheumatism after
everything else had failed. I have rec-
commended it to others with good re-
sults. . r.h. Chapman.
1355 Mt. Vernon Ave.
The poisonous adds that produce the in-
flammation and pain are absorbed into the
blood and Rheumatism can never be con-
quered till these are neutralized and fil-
tered out of the blood and system. S S. a
goes directly into the circulation and at-
tacks the disease itself. It purifies and re-
stores the blood to a healthy, vigorous
condition. It contains no potash, alkali or
KJILf OurbookonRheul
*8HP^ matism sent free.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
a Dr. Oibbon's Dispensary,
G-O SEAB5T ST. Kstabllshed
In 1 s5 1 (or the trwiUnr nt of Private
Dl.'waMVS. I^r«t Munitofxl. iJehility or
iiNf as" wearing <>» Uidy.mil miml and
Skin Dis«?ns«. The Doctor cure*' when
others (all. Try him. - Charges low.:
< f nre« srnam«t«»«-d. e.illor wrtM.
Dr. JT. V. tilBBOX.Uau Francisco. CjU.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|||IOGAR& x
fj||| Supreme
fjf|| Quality.
fSiij You can't
§|fibeat the-
||i|j|Best. \u25a0
»I$wlii till SOLD EVBRTWHERB.
fi^ilii Sb au " Um> 1Oc> np<
W&3$jil®l MICHALITSCHKB BROS & CO
/^ff? /^^W 6lSTfliaurO«S-SANFBANCt3C3.CA.
&^$W& BU5TILL0 8«0S & DIAZProfessor von Piloe of. the University
of St. Petersburg. is. in thia i country for
a stay of 'several weeks/ .
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Tim* and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point.- entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and . low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the came " at both places. . .
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27. ' "
Sun rises ....6:01
Sun sets.... •••• 6:00
Moon rises 7;42 p. m.
H ITlmel Time - ITlmel Time
£ I- f Ft. ! Ft. { f Ft. ~ — Ft.
S |H W| |L TV] Wj . |L W|
26 oIlC 4.6 6:44 1.6 13:181 4.0 6:281 lH
27 0:60 "4.5 G:23 1.9 12:42 6.0 7:0ffl 0.9
28 1:42 • 4.3 '7:00 2.2 1:10 4.9 7:47! 0.T
29 2:S2 4.1 7:?S 2.4 1:47 6.0 8:S8| 0.7
"«NOTE— In the above. exposition of the Ude»
Sun. Moon end Tide.
Leonard H. Lane, a well to do con
tractor and builder residin«r in Rich
mond. Contra Costa County, was , re
ported yesterday j to the Coroner as
missing. His friends fear, that some
accident may have happened v to him
or that he j may have been murdered.
He came to this city last Friday
from Richmond with $600 in money
with which to pay bills. He received
from the California Building and Loan
Society a check for $ 4 00 after ; he ; ar
rived here. That was the last seen of
him by any of his < friends. H»-ha»
a wife and two children at Richmond.
His sister, Mrs.- 1* D. Spencer,' lives in
this city at r 6 1 8 - Harrison street. -
Contractor Ivane Slissing.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
Septontoer 27. I
Chlco Coqullie River .... 6 pmlPIer 2
Elizabeth... Coqullle River 12 mlPler 20
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Breakwater. Cooa Bay direct 6 pm Pier 8
St. Paul Nome- St. Michael. 2 pm Pier 20
City Pu«bla. Puget Sound PorU. 11 am Pier 9
Homer Hurcboldt 10 amtPler 8
September 33. |
Corona. Humboldt l:30p|Pler 8
Arctic Humboldt 0 ami Pier "X
Centennial.. Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pmjPier 20
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 amIPler 11
September 39.
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 16
Newburg... Oravs Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Argo 1 W River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
State of Ca! -an Diego & Way.l 0 am Pier 11
Fomo P U Arena& Alblonl 6 pm Pier 2
Nevadan Hono. * Kahulul.. 11 amlPier 23
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor |pj« r —
Sonoma Sydney & Way 2 pm|Pter 7
G. W. Elder AFtorla * Portland 11 am'Pier 24
Redondo Axtoria * Portlandl 1 pmlPier 2
SeqJbla Willapa Harbor.... |12 m|Pie r 20i
September 30. | j '
Arcata Coos B. tc Pt. Orfd|12 mlPler 13
RalniT Seattle & Bellnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 1. I
Gaelic...... China St Japan.... ) l pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. Y. via Ancon.. | 12 m Pier 40
Pt. Arena... Point Arena 1 4 pmlPier 2
Norwood Seattle & Taeoma. I 3 pmlPter 2
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30 pjPier 9
. October 3. I , I
T'matlila Puget. Sound Ports.fll amIPler 9
r>onj«Bay... Pan Pedro A Way.l 0 am'Pier It
S. Rosa San Diego &-Way..| 9 am|Pier 11
October 3. ' !
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pmlPIer 18
October 4. I,
Columbia... A3toria & Portland 11 amIPler 24
October 5. ' I •
Jeanle Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pin! Pier 20
October 7. . |
Siberia..... China & Japan.... 1 pmiPIer 40
Curacao.. -..Ut^xican Ports..... 10 amlPier 11
FROM SEATTLE. ~~
• Steamer. J - ' Destination.' " Satis.
Farallon...... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. '28
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 30
Santa Clara.. + Se!dovla & Way Ports. Oct. ; 1
Roanoke...... Nome & St. Michael. . Oct. 1
Victoria Nome. & N.E. Sibcrjatoct. 4
Oregon....... Nome' & St. Michael. (Oct. ' 8
CLEARED.
Monday, September 28.
t-trrr City of Pnebla, Jepson, Victoria, etc;
Monday. September 26.
etmr F. A. Killnirn. Thompson. Fort Scant'
fjrr Jtujun. Jonrenaon. AftoriA.
• Monday, September 26.
Ftanr £ut* of California, Nicholson. 42 hours
from Kan Dieso. etc.
fc"tir.r F. A. Kilburn, Thompson, 7 hours
fTTtm Port Rodsrers.
Etmr Boiiita. Krnltb, CO hours from San
Hr-dro ar.d way x>orts.
6tmr Breakwater. Seaman. SI hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Fanta Barbara. Zaddart. 88 hours from
Grays Harbor, with »tcir Helen P. Drew In
tew. bcutid south, put in to land passenger*.
Htmr Helen P. Drew (new). Gunderson. 88
hour* from Grays Harbor, in tow etmr Santa
I3art<ara.
Stmr Brunswick. EIlefBen, 14 hours from
Fort Bracg.
-Stmr Corona. Glelow. 13 hourt from Eu
reka.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall. &9 hoars
from Portland, via Astoria 45 «4 hours.
Stmr G. C. Liadauer. AUen. 70 hours from
Grays Harbor. /
Ftmr Newburg. AnSndeen. 71 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Steir t=e<ruola, MeClemeat*. 79 hour* from
Willai>a-
Htmr Noyo, Johnson. 27 hours from Eureka.
Br ship Mayfield. Roberts, C8 days from
Junin.
Ship Bohemia, Wbalman, 29 days from Bris
tol Lay.
Eark W. B. Flint, Johnson, 31 days from
llakajraSL
Bktn Irmcard, Schmidt, IS daye from Hono
lulu. . •;-
Schr Jtcr.ie Griffin, Gibson, S hours' from
Boll&as. " .
Schr Ar.tr- lope, Christensea, 13 days, from
Siuilaw River.
Scbr Mary C, Campbell, » hour* from Bo
deca.
• Kohr Abble, Lareen. 3 flays from • Xrersena
Lnndinc.
ARRIVED.
»
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Cliartcrcd for Lfiuuber.
The chip St. Francis is chartered for lumber
from Pujret Sound to Antofajrasta; Russian
tihlp Clenard. easie- business, from Puget Sound
to Mi-'.bourne. rechartered.
The lumber Echocn*>r F. il. Slade of San
Francisco recently made o trip from Melbourne
to Newcastle At rteamshlp speed. She tailed
the :\u25a0'• rnileE ml water In five days.
B. A, Harnett of the Toyo Kisen Kalfiha
pteasrcbtp Company has gone East to meet
.I.':*-.! Manager Avcry. ouw on his way home
from Europe.
The coal laden Ftramer Breakwater. Captain
Seaman, arrived sesterday. thirty-three hours
fr»>m Coo* Bay.
The berk B. P. Ch»n*y came Into port
yrnerdity. .'>» days from Naknek, Alaska, with
a cargo cf eaJmcn.
Ir.suranee retee have advanced on the over
due ship Bordcwie, out 1C7 days, from. 10 to
15 per cent, and on the ychocner Advance, -crjt
64 <i»yts, from 23 to 30 per cent.
The Pacific Mail rteamehip Korea arrived
In Honolulu yesterday frcm this port on her
way to Yokohama, and the big liner Mon
r .a alno sot into that port on her way from
the Orient to San Francisco. The Mocgolia
*;!! be due here next Sunday.
Tlit Oceanic steamship Sierra^ frcm this
port, arrived in Auckland yesterday and the
Ventura sailed from that place for San Fran
cisco la«t B&rjrday.
Water Front Xotes.
Angelo Fawn, a married woman,
whose husband's whereabouts is un
known, died* yesterday at the Centrai
Emergency Hospital after being struck
by a Washington-street car. The
woman, who liveS at 915 Washington
street, while in search of work on July
22 was either hit or fell, receiving frac
tures of the skull and shoulder. Aftfer
being successfully treated at the
Emergency Hospital by Chief Surgeon
Stephen she was sent to the City and
County Hospital, where she remained
until September 1. After her discharge
she was unable to support herself and
as a consequence was compelled to
sleep In damp, cold cellars until yes
terday, when she was knocked down by
a Washington-street car between
Powell and Mason streets, receiving a
fracture of the skull which resulted in
her death at the Emergency Hospital
six hours later, after a capital operation
by Surgeon Stephen. The Coroner
took charge of the remains and the
Police Department was^ notified.
Death Closes List of Accidents.
The Chamber cf Commerce of San Francisco,
by George A. Nuwhall, president.
The Beard of Trade of - Ban Francisco, by
A. A. Watkins, president.
Tli-i Merchants' Exchange, . by .William J.
Dutton, vice president.
The Manufacturers' . and Producers' Asso
ciation of California, by A. Sbarboro,
president.
The California State Board of Trade, by
Arthur R. Briggs, vice president and
manager. ' - \u25a0 • \u25a0• \u25a0„
The commercial organizations of
San Francisco have adopted the fol
lowing resolution:
Whrreas, At the coming election next No
vember there will be submitted to the vote
cf '.he electors of the State of California
& rjroDoaition to Issue bonds to the amount of
$2,C00,0CO for the purposo of Improving the
water front of San Francisco by extending
the sea. wall, constructing new docks and
wharves and curbing and paving the . exten
sion of Kant xtreet; and
Wh^-rens, The undersigned commercial or
ganizations of San Francisco believe that the
welfare of San Francisco and the State de
mands Improved facilities for our commerce
at this ucrt; and
Whereas. The ififlunnce of these bonds will
not entail any additional taxes upon the peo
ple of the State, inasmuch as the sinking
fund and Interest for said bonds will be paid
entirely from the revenues of this port; there
fore be It
Resolved. That the commercial organizations
oi S=an Francisco heartily indorse the proposed
issuance of bonds and earnestly request the
commercial organizations and the press of the
State to lend their active support to this
proposition and to Urge favorable action by the
voters at the colls. m
The Merchants' .Association of San Fran
eteeo, by Frank J. Syrames, president.
Sea Wall Extension.
< 120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 2tt— s p. m.
The following moxlmum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 78-srt New York 76-72
Chicago 6&-5S St. Louis 84-70
Cincinnati 74-«4 Philadelphia SO-64
Jacksonville M-68 PJttebMrjr 78-74
New Orleans feB-74 Washington 84-M
SAN FRANCISCO 64-56
THE COAST RECORD.
S 3g 93 i| 2* g
I STATIONS. ~ la II » ?° ?
Buker 29.92 52 46 W Cloudy .2S
Carson :».88 5S 38 W Cloudy Tr.
Eureka 30. 1C «0 50 NW Clear * .00
Kresno 2».»h W 54 NW Clear .63
|S. K. Farallon3O.o4 60 54 NW Pt Cldy' .60
I Flaffstaft 29.C6 6« 40 SW Clear .00 1
Pocatello 28.80 . . 4<l N Cloudy .'Ji\
! Independence .'J9.SO 6O 62 NW Claudy Tr.
; Los Anpc1ea...29.94 70 64 W Clear Tr. |
I Mt. Tamalpaiß.-J0.115 s<j 43 NW Clear .43 I
I North Head... 3o. (W 54 52 RW Cloudy Tr.
Phoenix 29.70 0O 62 W Clear .00
Point Reye5. ..29. »9 60 52 NW Clear .42
Portland 3O.0« 58 50 SE Rain .02
Red Bluff 29. »8 72 50 S Clear .04
Rcsebun? 30.10 62 B2 N Cloudy Tr.
Sacramento ..30.00 70 5« NW Clear .o*}
Salt Lake 29.72 70 46 NW Rain' Tr.
• San Franci»co.ao.o4 94 54 W Clear .Mi
S. L. 0b15p0..30.00 6S 54 TV Clear .22
San niegro 29. »2 70 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.02 58 48 SE Cloudy Tr.
Spokane 29.66 66 40 S Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.02 54 50 S Cloudy .00
Walla Wa11a.. 29. 5« 64 46 S Cloudy .01
Wlnnemucca .29. 88 60 40 W Cloudy .0*
Tuma 29.78 82 M W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm has moved eastward and been
followed by an area of high pressure which is
no» central off the Northern California coast.
Fair weather prevails iv California except In
the Sierra, where local storms will occur to
n!;ht. Cloudy weather prevails over tho
plateau and north Pacific «lope.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Coast.
The temperature has risen In the £acraniento
\u25bcalley and fallen in Houthern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours=. ending midnight, September C 7:
Northern California — Fair,- warmer Tuesday:
fresh northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday: light
\u25a0west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy with ehowers Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Ti!<ssday: fresh rorthwest wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
lipht weft wind.
Sacramtnto and vicinity — Fair, warmer Tues
day; fresh north wind.
Fresno and vicinity — Fair, warmer Tuesday;
lirht northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster, Temporarily In Charg-e.
j \u25a0«-
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j " '.'From.' " T ' ,| Dua,
Newburg. .T". . j Grays Harbor ISept. 27
.G. Llndauer. . Gray* Harbor ISept. 27
Cha*. Nelson. I San Pedro Sept. 27
Wyftfleld Nanalmo Sept. 27
Centralia Grays Harbor Sept. 27
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 27
Porno Point Arena & Albion Sept. 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Sept. 27
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 2S
Umatilla Puget Scund Ports Sept. 2S
City Sydney.. New York via Ancon. ISept. 29
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 29
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 23
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Sept. 29
Santa Rosa... San Diego A Way Pts. Sept. 29
Coronado Ban Pedro JSept. 29
Curacao j Mexican Ports Sept.' 29
R. Dollar. ... Ban Pedro |Sept. 29
Columbia 'Portland &. Astoria tOct. 1
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Jeanle Seattle & Taeoma lOct. 1
Corona Humboldt tOct. 2
Arctic Humboldt |Oct. 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports .!Oct. H
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor |Oct. S
Breakwater... Cooo Bay Oct. 3
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 3
State of Cal.. . San Diego A Way Pts. Oct. 3
Alameda Honolulu {Oct. 4
Mongolia China & Japan Oct. 4
Abydos Seattle Oct. 4
Newport New York via Ancon. (Oct. i
Aurella Portland & Astoria. ...|Oct. 5
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Oct. 8
Amtr. Mam.. China fc^Japan... Oct. 7
Fruit and other crops have been
damaged to a considerable extent in
some localities, but the water which
has fallen will prove of use later
when the planting season commences.
The total rainfall during the storm
was 5.07 inches. The maximum pre
cipitation during any previous, Sep
tember In the history of the Weather
Bureau was 1.06 inches. Often In
winter months the rainfall of storms
is in excess of that of the storm just
over.
\u25a0 The "big storm has moved away
from California to Montana and Can
ada, according to Forecaster Willson
of the Weather Bureau. Clear skies
and moderate temperature may be ex
pected for the next few days. In spite
of all indications of pleasant weather,
however, another storm may come in
from the Pacific as suddenly as the
one just past.
Total IVeclpUation During La«t Few
Days Is bi Excess of Five
Inches.
BREAKS AJ.li RECORDS
.FOR SEPTEMBER STORMS
Movements of Steamers.
. Th<* Chilean r.aval training cruiwsr General
'-...:\u25a0 ii-. i arrived fron. Yokohama last night
miul c*n;e to anchor off Lombard street wharf,
tijje was forty-tix days crocting the Paclflc
:ivza. the Jijifji^be port, using only sail
l»>«-er, i>rercrring u> irive ber young Bailor pu
ii»» t?;e benefit of practice und*r canvas, and
.;...' .'l ill** *- f . \u25a0 j*tu I*. w» i vrij^ w li».-n going
in. and uut of p irt.
ITxe liatjuedauo i* \u25a0 •\u25a0rr;rr.ur.>J»<i by Captain
1.. ciomex of tht Cfailean navy, and her cotn-
I«lerrtnt is forty-three oftkert- and 205 m^n.
Jt. aiiiiitK-ti carries thirty midshipmen wti-j
••n i:..- \u25a0_ :\u25a0 ; ,-.•\u25a0 r.: , their fl<jating naval
sv.adeniy. Among them are the eons of several
military and naval men whote ewords have
made" <"hllean history during the last quarter
«-«-ntury-
T— e ehij> Jf a iKeel bark of 2330 tons Hr
?>i.i<~enKnt built ct EHewick. England. In IS3S.
She 1« SCO :<"t in leryrth. 43 feet beam anl
ha^ a nr'an draught cf Ih feet. Her armament
la four 4.7 Inch riiW, two 12-poundens, two
M ;> mini! li. two machine gune and one
* 1-jiouncr-r. Fhe if provided with one torpedo
tu>>e. Her yi»«-d is 13.7 knots. The General
K&yuedano is a handscme vessel. painted
\u25a0rmtc and h*r lofty span-, with lower, topsail.
tcscaSnt .md royal yards where her young
v.-!! rs are drilled in the old fashion canvas
way of haniSling Fhir*. make her a wtrange ap
l*ir;r.j ora:t tmoo: the modern naval ateam
nt^tir.^ machinea.
Captain Ocmez reports hi* vojrare from the
Japan coart as being uneventful and 6oea
not know hew long his ship will remain In
thiF harbor, but wfcen he leaves thl» port he
w;:i gn direct to Valparaiso. Af the chip
csme in aft»>r sundown ehe will be boarded by
the quarantine officers and exarained this
t&ornics-
.The British ete*l four- malted ship Mayfield
«arae into port yesterday. Z& days from Jur.in,
• "'n'.le, with Stj-tTO bags of nitre. "She made a
•,ui( k passage up until she arrived off rian
Ihcgo. wh-ere- she was «;> .ken September 14.
.~m<-*- Uiat date light winds have kept her
bnrilined much of the time.
•
(ieneral liaquedano Arrives.
Ship Mayfield Comes Into Port-
WEATHER REPORT.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chant*' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 26.
The Tirr.« Ball on the tower of the Ferry
bunding was dropptd exactly at noon to-day —
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at
8 p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tht
day. except when there are but three tides. *s
sometim** occurs. The heights given arc in
addition to the soundings of the United Suites
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Mln
nehaha, from London.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr
Noordland, from Liverpool •
DOVER— Arrived Sept 26— etmr Finland.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept M — Stmr Kron
prtn* Wllhelm. from New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York: stmr Pretorian, from
Montreal and Cuebec.
HAMBURG — Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr Ham
burg, from New York, via Plymouth and
CHRISTIANS AND— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr
Atria, for New York.
\u25a0 BOULOGNE— Sailed Sept 2G— Stmr Graf
Waldertee, from Hamburg and Dover, for New
OCEAN STEAMERS
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 0— Bark Evie J.
Ray, for Manila.
GUAYAQUIL — Sailed Sept 25 — Ger stmr An*
mon for Pan Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived Sept 25 — Schr
F M. Slade, from Melbourne.
"KOBE— Sailed Sept 'Hi — Br stmr Stanley Dol
lar, for Yokohama.
AUCKLAND— Sailed Sept 23, 8 p m— Stmr
Ventura, for San Francleco.
Arrived Sept 20. 12 noon — Stmr Sierra, hence
U RANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Sept 23— Bktn
Robert Sudden, from Grays Harbor.
SUEZ— Arrived Sept 25— Stmr Montserrat,
fr YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 2C— Br «tmr New
Orleans, from Manila. ' __ _
PORT SAID— Arrived Sept 26— Br stmr In-
Aravelli from New York.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Sept 20— Schr W.
H. Talbot. from Shanghai.
FOREIGN POHTS.
DOMESTIC PORTS
TACOMA — Arrived S*pt 25 — Nor stmr Hero,
hence Seia 21.
SEATTLE — Arrived Sept 25 — Stmr Montara.
hence Sej>t 22.
Hailed Sept 2-"> — Strnr Al-Ki, for Hkagway.
Arrived Sept 20 — Stmr Farallon. from Skag
uay.
Arrived September 2t>, 12 :30 p m— Stmr Hum
boldt. from SkaKWay.
Sailed Sept 2t>, 3:40 p m — Stmr Garonne, for
Nome.
£KAG WAY— Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Dolphin,
for Seattle.
REDONDO — Palled Pept 20 — Schr Luzon, for
Port Ludlow; etxnr Whit tier, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Sept 26 — Stmr WhiUier, hence Sept
24; ftmr Coronado, from Santa Barbara.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 2*— Ship J.
B. Thomas, from Port Blakeley.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Sept 2&— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 25 — Schr Beulah.
from Redondo; stmr Columbia, hence Sept 24.
Arrived Sept 2tj — Br ship HartfUld. from San
Diego.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 28, 7:55 a m—
Stmr Mecklnaw, from Taeoma, for San Fran
cisco; 8:40 a m — Stmr G. C. Llndauer, from
Grays Harbor, for San Francisco; 9:35 a m —
Stmr Newburg. from Graye Harbor, for San
Franclaco.
TATOOEH— Passed in Sept 26— Ger bark
Admiral Tegetthoft. from Antofagasta.
Passed in Sept 26 — Schr Camano, from ,
hence Sept 11. for Port Gamble.
PORT HADLOCK — Arrived Sept 20 — Schf So
qucl. benc* Aug 26.
GRAYS HARUOR— Sailed Sept 25— Schr Fal
con, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS— Passed Sept 28 — Stmr
Marshfleld from San Pedro, for Hardy Creek.
BANDON— Sailed Sept 26 — Schr Advance,
for San Francisco.
Arrived £*>pt 2« — Schr Alpha, hence Kept 20.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 26 —
Tug Collis. h^nce Sept 24.
POINT REYES— Passed Sept 26, 12:45 p m—
Etir.r Noyo, from Eureka, for San Pedro: 1:20
p m — Stmr Sequoia, from Willapa Harbor, for
San- Franclcco.
COOS BAY — Arrived Sept 25, 8 p m — Stmr
Arcata, 1 hence Sept 23.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 28 — Stmr Shasta,
hence Sect 24.
Arrived Sert 23 — Schr Comet, from Grays
Sailed Sept 25— Stmr Charles Nelson, Tor San
Francisco. Sept 2K — Sunr Francis H. Leggett.
lor Kan Francisco; schr Lyman D. Foster, for
Port Townscnd. „ '
Arrived Hept 2G — Stmr James fc. HIgglns.
hence Sept 24: ftrcr Fulton, from Hardy Creek.
EUREKA— Arrived Kept 22— Stmr Noyo,
hence Sept 21. Sept 23 — SUnr Corona, hence
Sept 22; sUnr W. H. Kruger. hence Sept 22.
Arrived Eept 20 — Schr Bertha Dolbeer, from
San Dif-go; Ktmr Toledo, from Crescent City.
Sailed Sept 20— Stmr» Lakme and Phoenix,
for i-an Francisco; etmr Toledo, for Crescent
City. . :
BRISTOL BAT— Sailed fltpt 3— Ship Santa
Clara, for Han Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Eept 26 — Schr Sausa
llto. h,nce Kern 18.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 2»>— Stmr Korea,
hence Sept 21); ttmr Mongolia, from Yokohama,
lor Kan Francisco. Sept 23 — Bktn Amaranth,
from Newcastle. S, S. W. ; Ger bark Paul
Isenbrrg, from Hamburg.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK, Va-»-Pai!ed Sept 24 — Etmr Min
nesota, for Kan Francisco.
t-ept 20— In lat S7 30 north, long 56 54 west,
bark Foohr.R Suey, from New York, for Hono
lulu; ell well.
Sept 3 — In lat 11 north, long "J7 west, Br
shiji Chillonford. from Hull, for San Fran
cisco.
Sept 11— In lat 15 north, long 20 west, Br
bark Colonial Empire, from Antwerp, for San
Francisco.
S*l>t 25 — Per bktn Irmgard. Chil war stmr
General Baquf-*iano, under steam and sail,
lrom Yokohama, for San Francisco; also shlj.
and bktn Eteerlng past.
SPOKEN
POINT LOBOS, Kept. 2tJ. 10 p. ro.— Weather
clear; wtr.d NW; veloc-lty 14 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, Ban Pedro.
Stmr Westjx>rt. fcmith. WeFtport.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson. Mendoclno.
Stmr Prentlss. Ahlstrom. Astoria.
Stmr National City. Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Br ship Routenburn, Dalrymple, Newcastle,
N. S. W.
Rusa ship Glenard, Enlund. Port Towneend.
Schr Confianza, Johnaon. Notleys Landing.
FINE BRITISH FOUR-MAST STEEL SHIP MAYFIELD. WHICH ARRIVED FROM JITNIN. CHILE, WITH A CARGO OF
NITER. SHE WAS SPOKEN OFF SAN DIEGO SEPTEMBER 1* AND FOR ALMOST TWO WEEKS HAS BEEN WITH
, IN ONE HUNDRED MILES OF THIS PORT.
Whiting objected to a continuance.
The showing made amounted to almost
nothing. If the sureties were sued in
the courts they could put up the de
fendant's death as a defense.
After further discussion the Judge
said the defendant might be dead and
it was only fair to give all parties a
reasonable time to make a thorough
investigation. He granted a continu
ance until Friday.
The Judge thought the showing made
in the affidavits was a remarkable one.
The defendant had been allowed to go
to his death without any interference.
He had been warned that the surf was
dangerous and that there was no life
boat, and yet he had risked his life.
When the A. A. Kratz case was
called in Judge Dunne's court yester
day Assistant District Attorney Whit
ing said it pleased him to announce
that the bond had been found. He
asked that the names of the defendant
and the sureties, V. Kratz, defend
ant's father; Mrs. Rhoda M. White, de
fendant's sister, and Attorney H. D.
Newhouse, be called. The bailiff called
the names at the door of the court
,room, but there was no response.
Whiting then asked that the bond be
declared forfeited and a bench war
rant issued for the arrest of the de
fendant.
\u25a0 Attorney Frank J. Murphy asked for
a continuance of a week and read a
number of affidavits from men em
ployed at the bathhouse at Long Beach
to the effect that the defendant Kratz
shortly before 9 o'clock on the night of
September 15 hired a machine to take a
swim in the surf; that he was 'warned
to be careful, as there was a strong
undertow; that he entered the surf and
was not seen again and that his clothes
were found in the bathing machine. In
view of these affidavits and the fact
that neither the police jior the Sheriff
had received any definite information
from Los Angeles he thought that a
continuance of at least a week should
be granted so that it could be definitely
ascertained whether the defendant wae
dead or alive.
The missing bond of $5000 accepted
by Police Judge Fritz for the release
of A. A. Kratz, held to answer by him
on July 11, 1903, on a charge of felony
embezzlement, has been found. Yester
day morning Warrant and Bond Clerk
Fitzpatrick had occasion to look for an
old bond for the release of W. M.
Kratz. While searching among the void
bonds in custody of Sergeant McDonald
he found the missing document.
A writ of attachment was yesterday served
on the steamer Santa Barbara in a libel Mitt
tied by Otto Vunk. His claim is for salvage
<lu«" for services rendered to the vessel August
:" by th* steamer G. C I^indauer off the Ore
gon coast. The Santa Barbara was towed
safely tu this j>ort.
• B<-tr.4s were furnished by the owners of the
at earn >r and ehe sailed for the south.
•
Steamer Santa Barbara Attached.
• A new steaja echooner, the Helen P. Drew,
Just built at Grays Harbor, arrived la port
yesterday in tow of the steamer Santa. Bar
bara. She was launched at the Hooulam
shipyard and cornea here for her engines and
boliers. which are being built at the Fulton
Iron 'Works. The vessel belongs to the I* E.
White Lumber Company and is 131 feet long,
81 beam, and 10 feet in deptn. She cost *4>.-
Ow. Her first cargo, uh:<h she brings to this
port, is 227,000 feet of Somber.
'The huge 21.000-ton freighter Minnesota,
which has Buffered a series ' of accidents at
Vortolk. V«_ finally cot away bound for this
;>prt. Her first tntf principal mishap occurred
:>-<= r.rm of last week, when her cargo of coal
was found to be on fire. A portion of the
l.-uid vu removed, the fire extinguished and
the vess«l &£ain made reaiJy for eea. when
yesterday eht went aground in the channel
.at the entrance to the harbor. -She was
•\,"l eff the mud bank and is now steaming
•ifwn tise Atlantic coast for the Etralt» of
Magellan.
When the Minnesota, conies into this harbor
tb£ big Pacific Mail liners will be moequito
<-raft in oomparipon. She it the largest vessel
Bf American register and the largest freight
'. arrier in comnat-rce. Hrr length is 600 feet,
ti-ara TSVs feet and depth o\«rr $0 feet. Fhe
belong* to James J. Hill's Great Northern
steamship Company and will carry freight and
;qL££cngers between 8eatUe and the Orient.
•
New Steam Schooner Arrives.
•The barkentine Robert Sudden of
this port, now bound from Grays Har
bor for Santa Rosalia, was spoken Sep
tember 4 by the Pacific Mail-steamship
Barracouta in latitude 23 degrees north
and longitude 110 degrees 15 minutes
wett The stanch little barkentine
had worked herself safely through a
to£gh Mexican coast gale, but came out
of it considerably the worse for wear.
Her foretop n:a*t was blown away, and
Pftrt of the d*>ck load of lumber is now
drifting around in those waters. The
hull was badly straintd and the ves
sel was leaking, but as her cargo of
lumber would prevent her sinking even
if she filled to the rail, all offers of
assistance were declined and the Sud
den, with what sail t?he could spread,
proceeded on her way.
" . \u2666
Minnesota Sails for the Pacitic
Affidavits Are Read as to
Alleged, Drowning of the
Defendant at Long Beach
FORFEITURE POSTPONED
Ship Mayfield Ar
rives in Port From
- the South.
Some One Had Placed It by
a Mistake Among Similar
Documents That Are Void
MISSING KRATZ
BOND IS FOUND
BARKENTINE ROBERT SUDDEN LOSES FORETOPMAST
AND SPRINGS A LEAK OFF THE COAST OF MEXICO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, • TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1904.
7
j APVEKTISEJUEXTS.
™ LONDON
DIBECTORY
/CONTAINING over 2000 pages
of condensed cornmercial mat-
ter, enables enterprising trader*
throughout the United States to keep
in close toudh with the trade of the
Old Countryl Besides being a com-
plete cojnrrercial guide to London
and its Suburbs, the London Direc-
tory contains lists of: . •'"-"„ 2 \u25a0;'.;.
EXPORT MERCHANTS
I with (he Goods they ship and the
Colonial and Foreign markets they
supply;
STEAMSHIP LINES
arranged under the Ports to which
they sail, and indicating the approxi-
mate sailings;
PROVINCIAL APPENDIX
of Trade Notices of leading Manufac-
turers, Merchants,' etc., in the princi-
pal provincial towns and industrial
centers of the United" Kingdom.' \u25a0
A copy of the 1905 edition will be
forwarded, freight paid, on receipt of
PoStoffice Order: for $5.
Thfel^ndonDircctory
Co., Ltd.,
25 Abchurch Lane, London, E C.
I England.' <'
OCEAX TRAVEL,
Steamers !»ave Broadway;
/C&-~ : -^$!m\ wbarves (piers 9 and 11),
A^?_ San Francisco:'
/WK?% \-*\ For KetchUan. WraaieF.
I I \l^>i»^ I I Juneaii. Hain^s. Ska«way.
I \ \lKaf2k / I «c, Alaska— 11 a. m.. Sept.
\A. Vk m i Trf/ 12. 17. 22. 27. OctOb«r 2.
I Vj^sJ Cbanr* to this company'*
steamers at Seattle.
"N^sjfj^- y 0J . victoria, Vane«av«r,
Port Tovrnsend, Seattle. Taeoma. Everett.
: Anacortes, BelllnKtaam— 11 a. va.. S«?pt. X2. IT.
22. 2", October 2. Chansa at Se»ttle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Taeoma. to I». P. By. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
; For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Sent. 13. t», 25. October 1; Corona, 1:SO
p. m.. Sept. 10>. 16. 22. 28, October 4.
For Lou Angeles (via Port Lo« Angeles and
Redonrlo). San Diego and Santa Barbarsr-
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Anreles (vta San Pedro and East
San P*dm), £anla Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harfcrd (Sat»
Lois Obispo). Ventura and Huenem*.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Sept. 12. 20. 28. October t*.
1 Coca Bay. 0 a. m.. Sept. 8. !«. 24. October 2.
For Knsf nada. Masrdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Masatlan. Altata. La Paz.. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymasi (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chan«o Vteamers or satlteg- datesw
TICKET OPriCES — 4 New Montgrom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Frtlffht Office 10 Market st.
I C. D. DUNANJJ, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market rt., San Francisco.
The Paciflc Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call tor and check basxa^e from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AXZrJKXCAlf X.INE. .
Plymotitli — Cherboursr — Southampton.
From New York. Saturday. 9:30 a. m.
St. Paul..... Oct. llGermanic Oct. 15
Philadelphia Oct. S;New York Oct. 23
ATLANTIC TXANSPOBT U3TE.
Hew Toxic — Lcadoa Direct.
Minnehaha.Oct. 1.0 am|Manitmj. .Oct. 13, Bant
Mlnnepls.Oct.x,4:S0 amiManetnka.Oct.23. 4 pm
DOMINION LI5E.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Vancouver Oct. ljSkmthwark Oct. IS
Canada Oct. Oct. 23
BED STAS X.IITE.
Hew Toxk — Antwerp — London — Farts.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
From New York. Saturday*, at 10:30 a. m.
Kroonland Oct. tiFlntand Oct. 15
Zeeland Oct. S.Vaderland Oct. 23
WHITE STAS LRSTE.
K«w Toxk — Qa»eastown— LlTtrpooL
Sailing Wednesdays.
Celtic... Sept. SO. 9 amlfedrlc. ..Oct. 14. • an
Baltic Oct. 5. 2 pmi Oceanic. Oct. 1». 2 pm
Majestic. Oct. 12. 10 am* Arabic. . -Oct. 21. 3 pnx
S oston — Qn een it own — Llv srpool.
Cymric Oct. 13, tto*. II
HEW SCR VICE rSOK BOSTOH.
\u25a0 Past Twin -Screw Steamers .' -• ',
Of 1X.4OO to 13,000 Toss.
HEW TOXK AJTD BOSTO3T SXSSCV
To the Medlterraaeaa.
Tla Azores. Olbraltar, ZTasles. Oenoa.
FROM NEW TORK.
REPUBLIC. . .Oct. 20. Dec. 1. Jan. 14. Feb. 25
CRET1C Nov. 3. Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March 19
FROM BOSTOX.
CANOP1C." Oct. 8. Nor. 1». Jan. T, Feb. IS
ROMANIC. Oct. 29. Dec. 10. Jan. 28. Mar. 11
C. D. TATLOR. Passenger Ajrent Paetno Coast.
21 Post ft.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Stcanvrs will leave Paciflc Mall wharf, cor-
ner FSrst pnd Brannan strtets. at 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. caBlny at
Kolf fHlogo). Nagasaki and Shanxhai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board On day
cf salUng-
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. October 19. 1D04
Via Honolulu — Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freitrht find passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market frtreet. corner First.
7j W. H. AVERT. Generar Agent.
8. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Sept. 19. 2 p.m.
SS ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Oct. 8. 11a.m.
8.3. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Oct. 20. 11 a.m.
I.D.SPRECHLS 4 BEDS. CO., Azti.TiCfct 02(2 543 Ik-
tet .FreigHt Qgia 323 Maifci st, Plar T ( Pac2s M.
C0X7ASSIX GX3Z21LS TIU1ISATLa»TIQSS. ,
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS
Salllns every Thursday Instead of .^KfigFft
Saturday, at 10 •. m., from Pier 42. J 3^ v '
North Rlv«r, foot of Morton st. ' .
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. S«e»
ond class to Havre. $t5 and upward. GXN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldins).
New York; J. Y. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coa4t
Auents 5 Montgomery avenue. 9an Franciscow
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
To V. B. Va-ry Tard and Valleio.
Stmr H. J. Corconoi — Leaves S. F.. foot of
Clay «., north end ferry bWg.— Week days.
0:30 a. m., 3 and »8 p. m.; Sundays. »:30 a.
m. 8 p. xa. Leaves VaUeJo— Week days. «:8«
«, m.. 12-^0 and 5^0 p. m.: Sundays. t> p. m.
Fare. 25c each way. PIPER. ADEN. Q0OD-
ALL CO. *Satnrdays excepted.
It T. 8. Srsry Tard and ViOleJo.
Stmrs.General Frtsble.Monticello and Arrow,
9:45 a. m., 12:30. 3:15 «. 8:30 p. m. («-9un.):
Sundays. 9:15 a. m., j:30 p. m. Le*«« \*n«Jo
7. 9 a. m.. 12:30. 3:^5. 6 p/tnVCex. Sun.): Spn-
Womaii
imxwffll. to interasted »ud should know
£$& eSMAi,\jS\ iCvut the wonderful
MARVIL Whirling Spray
1 1 he cannot »npply the \-. [Sty "'rrfKio.
, 9IAUVKJU acceptno XJr^uu "'J— <£7r-"
oUmt. but t»ad tump for . ;•--.*%. / "**Wi\r
Utnstraledbook— ••»(•*> ItiBTea \>- / " i
fnllpartlcnlorsanddtrsrtjonsln; KJf _ M \u25a0
TataabletoOadlas- m.*BJ»JM'C«K.
SSd^hers-.-Tth «d Eroadway. O^^A
Baldwin Pharmacy *"» \u25a0»-^ ua
WeeHy Caa $1.00 d©- Year
Every article marked iron.
!4 to Vz less than regular price
$18.50 Quarter- Sawed tfl^ ye $15.00 Mahogany Rocker. * i f\ e*%
Oak Dining Table *pl£»£D Rush Seat 5>«U*jU
$16.75 Quartered Oak ffilfl Aft $45.00 Bedroom Suit. * t yy Cft
Parlor Table 5»IU.UU Golden Finish »**»3U
$26.00 Weathered Oak $40.00 Patent Rocker. e^C AA
Chair, Leather Cush- C|A 50 Upholstered fCJ.UV
$17°5 n 0 8 'GoVden"oak Cl^Vs ***** M 50
Shaving Stand M> \u25a0«*•••* $47.50 Quartered Oak T>resser.S29*7S
A a WXIiTOS WOOI. VJBI.YXTS, choice deffl^s
ft. iSSr'sX&itfC in both Floral and Oriental; wids rango to / **r
Ai^/Gl IJV 1^1 seletft from. Per yard . v *
«. ' , •'".'\u25a0!. «fv a \u25a0*\u25a0 Department established ptxrely for
O i»V«ff^TPa<fV lBOt\7 the convenience of the public. Hun-
Renting i?epi. sa
\u25a0 ' hours of weary labor by taking advantage of this Department.
e45*259CDIlirS» ON THE SOVARE
AP JTEMTISEMEXT3.
developing and
Cut Prices
I J iff- treatment have put
fe^^*^ \u25a0 customers are stay-
ing by me. Here are
some figures that ought to interest
you. . They'll saX-e you money.
' DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6 10o|Roll of 12 15o
PRIVTIirO:
Solio finish. .3c-3c I Vclox finish. 3c-6c
DAYLIGHT LOADING TII.MS — In
all popular sizes. Popular prices.
ANSCO CAMERAS— Are high class
and always satisfactory. Buy one
here. .
CTXO PHOTO PAPEK — Gives
i splendid -results. Prints by artificial
; light.
Cameras repaired at low rates.
j • Mall orders promptly filled.
j THAT MAN PITTS
! F. W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET, Opp. rifth.
. . • SAN' FRANCISCO.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat d
\M$im OF ANATOMY^
A g& iciuurxir8T.tit6!a*7tt,s.rcii. A
\ .Car Th« Larratt AaMwakal Hneni in th« \
A \u25a0 \u25a0( rjntsHi _ Wo»"t We*kmca««t •* *iy cmzn<t»<i t )
V SAaJ*J di»ei»e r* a< "'< ai 7 «<\u25a0•'•'\u25a0 *<Tth«o!4«it '
0 ffS&f I ° 8 ' ><0RBAIt-O!SEAS£S OF MEN , •
A I Y5<i£ if Trwnncrt per--oa«!.T nr br l»a«. A i
T H V \\ W MMIh Omli ntrycmndntikn. '
nPa B) v;!iti(itNi.rBitOMf«v«iii
"if R« \u25a0ixiMCE. Muttxo run. (a'
jk n \u25a0 tt niuafal* bcek far mrn) . \
V DU. JOBDAR A CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. 9
H'^^O^^V'^V'^fc^i 5>
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WRRAMTED
\ MERCHANT TAILORS. \
\\ til Market Street. #
j> Up Stairs. Opp. Palace HotsL <5
g SAN FRANCISCO. §
>i Kovcklcs in Imported Wear %
| |gT^^3] CURB SICK HEADACHE.
Genuina Must Bear
H IVER Fas-Simile Signature
MAUVAI8 MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST., OPP. MASON.
One-Third Off on Reqal Instruments.
LASS'S QXHX STOKE.
gPjB**^^ 421 lEABJTr ST.
Dealers In Firearms. Fishing TacJtl* and
- Sporting; Goods of All Descriptions. -
Camp Outfits of Tents. Bags, Stoves. -L>e*>.
Sings, Boots and Shoes. Send 3c postal* for
10O-pasa . catalogue. . .
" OWS. in monnt«in» CAM?
STTMMEa HOME of Sonom* Co. MET.KEB
Pure water, equable climate, lots selling fio
up;-, cottages built by Meeker. $50 up; depot;
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and express;
telephone, sawmill; 000 lots sold: 300 cottages
built. Bausalito ferry. N.S.R.R. M. C. MVF-K-
ER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County. - . > '
KOBTH SHORE HOTEL — On TomaXes
Bay. Good table and -accommodations. Hous«
Kas-llghttd. Prices very reasonable. MRS. J.
SHIELDS. Marshalls. Marti. County. CaJ.
SOHAEFES'S OBOVE-BOSS TALLET
Private boarding:' terms reasonable. Team
jneetu Sunday morning trains. AddrtM Uhi.
MATT UNDSAYr Koa» SUUoa. ' " _'"< T",WHY NOT BEGIN AT HOME?
John Sharp -Williams Has a Ballot Box for the Igorrote, but None for the Mississippi Negro.
,r Few. Prayers.-^Yern — Now, If - all
men would only vote as they pray, this
would truly be a happy world.
"-\u25a0. Dern — But if that should ever hap
pen you wouldn't, get the average man
to the polls once in ten years—Catho
lic Standard. .
Members of the Friday Club of
Hillsboro, Ohio, ask club women the
world over to assist the movement
they have inaugurated to suppress the
comic valentine in its . present dis
graceful form, which poisons the pure
atmosphere of childhood and teaches
a false conception of humor. The
women of that town have already ap
pealed to all shops dealing in valen
tines and many proprietors have prom
ised co-operation. It seems that most
of the comic valentines are bought by
children, who distribute them among
themselves.
A club woman was recently inter
viewed about the matter and she said
that the pictures were very disgrace
ful and she- could not see why they
are not' forbidden circulation by the
Eoard of Education. She was certain
that St. Valentine's day was not meant
to teach children to make fun of one
another and be spiteful.
"Such valentines teach no one any
good and are of no possible use," said
this woman. "I don't see! why they
were ever put on sale. They ought, at
any rate, not to be sold to children. . I
have see youngsters buy them by; the
dozen, inclose them in envelopes and
send them to their friends. It causes
a great deal of ill-feeling among the
sensitive children and will bear no
good fruits. The sooner that these
valentines are -banished- from I the
stores .. the better. I hope that club
women will take some steps in regard
to the matter."
WANT TO GET
RID OF COMIC
VALENTINES
For he first time in the history of
Kentucky a negro woman has been ad
mitted as a member of the bar and li
censed to practice law. She was exam
ined before the Circuit j Court and
passed. ] She is Mrs. S. J. S. Wlte of
Louisville. •\u25a0.-•,
Negro Woman a Lawyer.
In the presence of a crowd of passen
gers a new version of "Beauty and the
Beast" was rehearsed on a Third Ave
nue Elevated Railroad car In New York
the other, morning.
On a train was an exceedingly pretty
girl, -tastefully dressed, and with a
wealth of naturally blonde hair. She
occupied a corner of one of the cross
seats and was absorbed in a news
paper. At One Hundred and Twenty
fifth street the Beast entered and took
a seat immediately facing Beauty. He
was evidently of foreign origin.
From the moment he sat down he
never took his gray eyes from the face
of the girl. Although she kept her
eyes fixed on her newspaper it was
evident that Beauty keenly felt the in
sult.
At the Twenty-third street station
Beauty, who had been nervously
squeezing her newspaper into a hard
club, suddenly, arose with cheeks
aflame and struck the Beast across the
face. Again and again did she strike
him, on the right cheek, then on the
left, while he cowered and tried to
ward off the blows with his arms.
Then he, too, rose, crying out, "The
woman's crazy." For an Instant he
seemed about to strike the Beauty, but
every man in the car was on his feet,
and the Beast thought better of it.
Dashing' down the aisle he reached the
open gate, jumped to the station plat
form and sprinted down the stairs to
the street. .
GIRL PUNISHES
MASHER WITH
A NEWSPAPER
It is not probable that Judge Parker's injunction that no mud
slinging should appear in the Democratic campaign book was in
spired by David B. Hill.
In these days of man)' expositions it is not to be forgotten that
South Africa is soon to have an industrial fair of her own at Cape
Town. The Chinese workingman may be given the place of star
attraction. . , . .
Since Colonel Henry Watterson has tabooed the "pert para
graph" in editorial writing a certain prominent Parker organ in
Louisville must now confine itself to ponderous philippics instead
of indulging in the light thrust of. satire.
Miss Claude Elydia Burkhalter of
Peoria, 111., has had her piano carried
into the woods a mile and a half from
the nearest house and placed under the
spreading boughs of a large oak tree,
where she can play with the songs of
the birds as an accompaniment and be
next to nature, from which she hopes
to get inspiration. Miss Burkhalter is a
music teacher. She has improvised a
cottage, in the woods and lives near her
piano.
Her Piano In the Woods.
An Ohio Judge has delivered himself of the opinion that many
wives drive their husbands to drink. This judicial confirmation of a
notion popular among certain classes will not serve to elevate the
general conception of the conjugal relation.
made a • mistake by listening to the
counsels of his good wife, and business
partner,/ and the Greenland was built
especially for* the World!s Fair service.
In 1902. at Gallipolis, O., she had
been granted ',&' new - license for five
years as master and pilot, and was de
termined to help her husband in every
way with the novel plan j of reviving
the • old-fashioned river - service and
fighting!, the: railroads.. Already she
has seen his, business grow till he had
come i. lto possession of the Greenwood,
the Evergreen; 'the Cricket and \u25a0 the
Greenland." Now for ; success ' with the
latest addition to the Greene line fleet!
\u25a0 The Greenland : was launched at Ma
rietta, O., • August \u25a0 5, i 1903,* {and on May
23 started from r Pittsburg on , Its first
trip v to .the Fair, - the first stch
voyage; since '; 1884." "The -is 'a
total of . 2300 Smiles*; round \ trip, • and the
'traveling, time is five and one-half days
westbound and seven days on the re
turn from .St. Louis, down the Missis
sippi and up the Ohio .to Pittsburg.
It is Captain Mary Greene to whom
must go such of the credit for reviv
ing the old river passenger service and
for bringing people from all along the
Ohio River to the World's Fair, when
perhaps the railroads might* have
tempted them.
It was Captain Mary <"reene, master
on "any Western or Southern river,"
she who has never known an accident
in the fourteen years of her life as a
pilot and river captain.
, It was she who to-day is master of
the trim craft Greenland when her
husband steps ashore, she who . is the
lawful captain when her- husband takes
the place of a pilot who is sick, she
who fills the, law's requirement by
standing a mate's watch when all la
not well . aboard. — St." Louis Post-Dis
patch.
cessful in securing a master's license,
at which her husband, then a strug
llng river captain, decided to njake, her
his business partner, 'and- bought, fot
her a controlling Interest in the steamer
Argand, of which for more than a year
she was sole master,- plying '.• the 'Ohio
from Wheeling : to Parkers burg, and
winning the approbation and the busi
ness of " all • the Shippers' >along. those
landings. And'in. all that time,>she
proudly declares, r the Argand made but
one" losing trip. : • ' • ' -
'It was ,;Mrs. Greene; who j conceived
and -put up the new and elegant Green
land, and who proposed the startling
scheme; for the -old -Pitts
burg-St.': Louis passenger* boat service
that '\u25a0 had ' been driven out vl ot"^ existence
by the railroads^a score r of 'years : be
fore.^ v
" \u25a0 • The' plan was a ; daring. one,' but Cap
tain Gordon G." Greene had 'never -yet
Captain Mary Becker Greene is. the
only woman steamboat master : plying
the waters of the' Mississippi .and Ohio.
She's the only woman pilot.
There's not a river man along that
stream who does not | know .and j ad
mire Captain f Mary Greene. ' Nor -'„ is
there a merchant, or a farmer at any
of the upper Ohio landings who does
not favor her in his shipments' and
wish her well. She has won the respect
of them all by. her business tact; and
skill. They like the way. she r. has
stuck by her husband and helped make
his business go.
She enjoys the river, life— she revels
in it— and. nothing affords /her 'such
keen delight as to pass an evening
with her husband in the pilot ; housed
where the fresh breezes .blow. .. \u25a0 .
So attached . to the ; life 'arid \ to; her
husband's business . had she , become
that in-1835 she tried for and was suc-
CAPTAIN MARY GREENE IS THE ONLY MISSISSIPPI PILOT OF HER SEX
""Mrs. Fanny N. Berthe, who superin
tends the bee and honey exhibit at
the St. Louis exposition, is one of the
most successful agriculturists in the
world. She has an apiary In Wlnona,
Minnesota, and for three years has
filled. the office of treasurer to the bee
raisers' association of that i State.
Woman Agriculturist.
Louisa, Lady Ashburton, is said to
be, next to Lady Burdett-Coutts, the
richest woman in - England, and owns
many choice works of art. She Is very
religious and opens her home to meet
ings. She Is also most fharitable and
has given a seamen's home at the East
India docks, and a school for the train
ing of servant girls. . . .
Charitable English Woman.
A SPECIAL interest attaches to the coming fifteenth session of
f\ the Trans-Mississippi Commercial Congress, to be held at St.
•**\u25a0 Louis during the last week in October, because of the fact that
the States and Territories represented therein are those whose gen
eral interests are* typified by the exposition. The twenty-four com
monwealths of the West whose delegates meet to discuss matters of
common import are those that give to the fair its character as an ex
position of Western progress and Western spirit and this congress
will be the expression of those elements in terms of practical value.
Besides questions of direct local import to the individual States
represented the Congress will busy itself with the investigation of
measures having a broad significance for all sections represented.
Many of the issues of the coming Presidential campaign which have
immediate interest to the whole West are scheduled for considera
tion. The Panama canal, the merchant marine, reclamation of the
semi-arid lands by Government works, the construction of the Pacific
cable and the improvement of the consular service — these issues
touch all of the units represented in the convention. Reciprocity be
tween this country and Canada, Mexico and South American repub
lics will find place in the programme; railroad transportation rates
and steamship facilities will be brought before the delegates ; forest
preservation and the Government control of ranges and grazing lands
also are billed for attention.
The Trans-Mississippi Commercial Congress is able to point to
successful results of its deliberations in the past. As an expression
of the common will of the great West it has had weight with Con
gressional deliberations in the past and has enjoyed the confidence
of all of the constituent States and Territories in these efforts at the
direction of legislative action. The coming session will probably
be as productive of happy results as any of the others.
TRANS-MISSISSIPPI CONGRESS.
Age Is not wrinkles and gray hair;
It is shriveled heart, dead hopes and
withered affections, which not time
but our own folly brings us.
If you have grown old in spinster
hood, consider the rascal you may
have escaped marrying.
The best face wash is a smile, and a
cheerful heart will longest defer the
traces of old age.
Up to a certain age soft gray and
pale mauves make a woman look old
er than she Is; after that they" make
her look younger.
Think of the relief of no longer
having to move heaven and earth to
look young and captivating.
Many a woman who can make men
tremble is tyrannized over by a little
piece of glass with quicksilver behind
it.
On the shady side of 35 a woman
can do lots of things she wouldn't
dare to before.
A few women worry so much about
old age that they never get a chance
to enjoy youth.
The woman who constantly scans
the mirror for wrinkles will be cer
tain to discover them soon. •
N. J. Hibbard, 75 years of age, Nestor
of New York letter-carriers, who was
appointed a carrier in May, 1867, after
his return from the Civil War, went on
Tuesday to the West End Hotel, In Fort
Washington Park, to deliver a letter
to Mrs. Vincent Waters, says the New
York World. As the veteran carrier
was mounting the stairs to the hotel
Mrs. Waters' fox terrier sprang at him
and imbedded its teejh in the right leg
of his trousers above the knee.
Hibbard Jumped aside as the dog
went for him again, but the animal
dug its teeth into his trousers a sec
ond time, tearing them much and in
flicting a slight flesh wound. The car
rier was angry and the mistress of the
dog mortified.
Mrs. Waters apologized to Hibbard
and begged for permission to sew the
trousers. Hibbard blushed. He wouldn't
think of such a thing!, Mrs. Waters Is
a very attractive-looking woman. She
Insisted that he allow her to sew the
torn uniform, and Hibbard, still blush
ing, yielded. He asked whether he
should retire and send the trousers by
a bellboy, but, Mrs. Waters said that
formality was not necessary; she would
sew up the tear while the trousers
were still on him. So Hibbard knelt
down and Mrs. Waters sewed up -the
trousers neatly. When the Job was
completed Hibbard thanked | her and
forgave the dog.
Editor The Call: Persistent rumors
have been running that the Citizens'
Alliance intends starting a newspaper,
daily or otherwise, as its organ in San
Francisco. To set such rumors at rest,
I wish to say that the Alliance has not
and never had such Intention. Tha
purpose of the Alliance is to enforce
the law in industrial matters against
all violators; to protect all labor in the
proper pursuit of Its vocation and the
peaceable use of the streets and the
highways on its way to and from its
toil; to protect every business man and
taxpayer in the exercise of his lawful
rights, and the profitable use of hia
property, and to enfranchise all labor,
ncn-union as well as union, and liber
ate every man from bondage to the ar
bitrary will of another and put him in
full enjoyment of civil liberty.
The Alliance is well assured that
these purposes, so necessary to indus
trial prosperity, have the sympathy,
and when needed will have the support
of the press of this city, and It needs
no organ ot its own through which to
support a policy so necessary to the
good of the whole community and so
entirely In line with true Americanism.
Like all organizations, as It has shown
its strength, as it has successfully In
voked the law in defense of the rights
of person and property, as it has curb
ed lawlessness and made the city freer
than it has been for years, parasites
appear who try to get some personal
prestige or profit by soliciting advan
tages In its name. To them must the
origin of such rumors be attributed.
They merely demonstrate that the Al
liance is something that must be reck
oned with, and the public will soon
learn to discriminate between its au
thorized and its pretended representa
tives.
The Alliance is fulfilling Its mission.
It is among the permanent forces nec
essary to the industrial equilibrium
upon which the peace and prosperity
of all must depend. It is in no more
need of a special organ than is the
principle of morality or the spirit of
liberty. HERBERT GEORGE.
President.
SHE SEWS UP
TROUSERS THAT
DOGGIE TORE
PEW POINTERS
TO WOMAN FAIR
ABOUT HER ACE
ALLIANCE NEEDS
NO SPECIAL
ORGAN.
rpHE CALL has taken pains, by personal examination, to affirm
the wisdom and necessity of the improvements proposed by the
A bond issue in Oakland. The opposition is on two lines. One of
these consists of vicious misrepresentation of the features of the
proposed Central Park. The various improvement committees of
Oakland have shown the courage of their convictions by providing
free transportation to the park for all citizens who desire to inspect
it, that they might vote "caveat emptor" on the proposition, believing
their eyes rather than the idle tales of malicious parties. It is to be
regretted that the wet weather interfered with this popular inspec
tion, but a large number of doubters have taken advantage of the
opportunity and have had their doubts resolved in favor of the pur
chase.
Upon the structure of prejudice built upon these misrepresenta
tions the second line of opposition begins. This part of the fight
against improvements has been led by Assessor Dalton. His plan
has been to point out, and impress by reiteration, the increase in tax
ation that will be imposed by the bonds. Of course all improve
ments which bring a city up to the modern standard must be paid
for, either by immediate taxation, or in installments by the issue of
bonds. If there be validity in the arguments made by Mr. Dalton,
then there should never be any public improvements in Oakland, be
cause whenever and however made they must be paid for by taxation
of the realty and personalty of the city. There can be no other con
clusion from his argument. If it is good as against the improvements
now proposed, it is good as against any future proposition. If Mr.
Dalton prevail the result will be that Oakland will be set v down and
widely known as a city that refuses to make public improvements and
decides to make no use of its great natural advantages.
Such a reputation means the retrogression of a city. It means
that it decides to stand still, and either that or a less rate of progress
than its rivals show is retrogression. Los Angeles, no more fa
vored by climate than Oakland, and far less favored by location and
scenic attractions, paid a tax of 4 1-2 per cent to secure the class of
improvements which Oakland is asked to reject. Artificial water
parks were made. Where land parks had no variety of surface hills
were made, and Los Angeles has been made one of the most at
tractive cities in the Union, and the cost of it all has come back a
hundredfold to her people. She had her Daltons, but they preached
non-progression in vain, and are to-day participators in the prosperity
that has followed rejection of their advice.
Xo city has ever been improved to death. Frequently the effort
to begin improvement has been opposed as spelling ruin. But it has
spelled life instead of death. When Alexander Shepherd decided
that Washington City should rise out of the mud and be a beautiful
city he was opposed and abused at every step. He became an issue
in national politics, but he persisted until the national capital was
made one of the most beautiful cities of the world. Then, having
fought his battle and enriched those who abused him, he retired with
his personal fortunes ruined, to recoup himself in a foreign country.
Years afterward the city invited him to come as its guest, to be re
ceived en fete and get such an ascription of honor as has never been
given to any other citizen of the District of Columbia, not even ex
cepting Corcoran, the public spirited banker.
The people of Oakland should not be blind to what is going
on. Population is on the march toward the centers of activity on this
coast. , The whole country from San Francisco to Palo Alto is being
made accessible by half-hour trains. It is being cut into town lots
and these are selling at prices that would make a real estate owner
in Oakland turn green with envy. Everything is done to make these
new districts attractive. They are drawing a population of which
Oakland would get an appreciable percentage if she had any drawing
power in the shape of public improvements to so beautify her ad
vantages as to make them irresistible. The same policy of attraction
is in operation north of San Francisco, on the west side of the bay.
While this is going on, does Oakland propose to stand still? Now is
her opportunity, and opportunity usually waits for invitation and,
not getting it, goes on, not to return.
The individual knocker is not a citizen whom others wish to
have for a neighbor. The man who inveighs against his neighbors,
who questions their motives, who is envious of the prosperity of
others, who declares the dishonesty of all men except himself, is not
.welcome in any company. When a 'whole city becomes a knocker
people avoid it'. Oakland marvels that Los Angeles has overtaken
and passed her. When Oakland was the best known city in Califor
nia after San Francisco Los Angeles was an adobe town, dust cov
ered and forlorn. But it soon became a town where knockers were
not heeded, and now has its reward.
We cannot believe that Oakland will refuse"this opportunity.
Her people should remember that the whole scheme of improvements
is a complete structure. One depends for its effect upon all the
others. They should not hack the scheme into pieces, but vote it all,
and not one will regret that he helped to knock the knockers.
VOTE THE OAKLAND BONDS.
"I did not think that with your other
faults you would descend to falsehood.
Smith! He does not look like the kind
of man who would be a friend of your
father. You cannot expect me to be
lieve such a tale."
All through the West she kept Flor
ence under a surveillance that would
have .done credit to a. duenna. When
they returned last week her husband
telephoned that he would bring a friend
to dinner.
With her most gracious manner she
advanced to the library to meet — Mr.
Smith.
"But mother"— the girl began to think
she had carried the Joke far enough —
"he is a friend of father's. Father in
troduced him to me at the depot. His
name is Smith."
"Florence, I am ashamed that a
daughter of mine should descend to
such cheapness. It grieves me. I
never thought you would flirt. Tou
must promise me never to do anything
of the kind again."
For an hour she discoursed upon her
indignation at the thought. Florence
listened dutifully and with apparent
penitence. At Omaha she took care to
walk past the window where her
mother sat after she had managed to
meet Mr. Smith on the platform. An
other lecture lasted as far as Denver.
The climax, came when at Denver
Florence met Mr. Smith at the door of
the car and went out of the station
with him. When she returned her
mother transfixed her with an angry
stare. "Tou are never to speak to that
man again," she announced.
The man was standing within ear
shot.
"Well, yes."
Just then the train began to move.
The girl went Into one car. the 'man
to another. Two hours afterward he
passed through the car where she and
her mother were trying to while away
the tedium of an overland Journey.
The girl smiled and the man nodded.
Her mother saw the latter. She
turned sharply to her daughter.
"Florence." she said, "do you know
that man?"
Why Florence did It she cannot ex
plain. It was the only prospect of fun
In the three days* Journey. "Well— not
exactly," she replied.
"Did you bow to him?"
"I'm sorry I'm not. My wife and
daughter are going. My daughter, Mr.
Smith."
"San Francisco," was the reply.
"I'm awfully glad you're going to be
on the train, old man."
A man with a satchel rushed past
them into the next car. Her father
stopped him with a demand to know
where he was going.
She and her daughter . were going
West for the summer. "When they
reached the depot the rain was coming
down in torrents and she immediately
retired to the Pullman. Just five min
utes before the time for the train to
leave her daughter remembered a tele
gram to be sent. Her father had Just
gone to the platform and she hurried
after him.
The mention of the common name of
Smith causes one woman In Chicago
a thrill of horror in the memory of a
very embarrassing situation in which
her haste in jumping to a conclusion
placed her, says the Journal of that
city.
MISS FLORENCE
WAS, INDEED,
RIGHT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN P. SPKECKEIiS Proprietor
ADDRESS AU COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN aicyAUGHT aftmagCT
PUBLICATION OFFICE \u25a0 .THIRP AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY ..SEPTEMBER 27. 1904
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, "SEPTEMBER: '27, 1904.
COPYRIGHT. 1904, BY SPECIAL. ARRANGEMENT OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL WITH THE NEW YORK EVENING MAII*.
8
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.»
Special Information supplied dally to
business, houses and public men by taa
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cai.
iXornia street. Telephone Main 1043, •In behalf of Adolph Schander, con
testant of the will of Bertha M.Dbi
beer, Judge ' Coffey yesterday ordered
a commission to issue to Robert P.
Lee of New York to take the deposi
tion of Joseph Edward Smith. It was
also ordered that a commission issue
for the taking of the depositions of the j
proprietor, manager, clerks and some
of the guests of the Hotel Regina in
Paris. Miss Dolbeer and Miss Etta
Marion Warren were guests of the .
hotel when abroad. . I
George Monnier Jr. has begun a
contest of the will of his father, George
Monnier, wine-maker, who died on
September 4. The estate, worth
$150,000, was left to the widow and
the will made a condition that the
son was to receive two-thirds of the
property of which his mother should
die possessed. In his effort to* set the
will aside Monnier Jr. declares that
his father was of unsound mind at the
time the will was made; that he .did
not sign the document nor was it dulv
witnessed and. executed.
. m \u25a0 \u25a0-
Depositions in Dolbeer Case.
Contests Father's Will.
DIES BY POISON.— Charlotte E. McKean
£i?d nt 133 Ellis street Sunday nlcht from the
efferta of bichloride of mercury tablets, taken
by her on September 17 wlta suicidal Intent.
The case was reported to the Coroner yester
day.
WARNER. N. H.. Sept 26. — For
mer Senator William E. Chandler is
suffering from a fracture of both
bones of his left forearm, through
having been struck by the crank of
his automobile.
Former Senator Chandler Hurt.
BANKRUPT CLERK.'— J. T. McCormlck, a
cleric residing in this city, filed a petition in
insolvency yesterday In the United States Dls
! trict Court. He owes $1312 and has ?38 as
sets. \u25a0 ' \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0 - - \u25a0
Maud R.' Hart does not want a rail
road built across her ranch in Santa
Cruz County and yesterday she ap
plied to the Superior Court for an
injunction to prevent the Southern Pa
cific Company from laying the pro
posed track. The suit is directed
against the railroad company and Mia
dlt-ton & Co., who are in the lumber
business on Boulder Creek. The road
is planned to be built to the lumber
camp and surveys have already been
made across Mrs. Hart's land. She
values the property at $10,000.
To Enjoin Railroad Bulletins:.
Fell hats. 190*. Just arrived, nobbier
lo&n ever. Tom DQUm <fc Co.. opp.Paiactt.*
novoroor I*mics Proclamation.
FACTtA MOTTO. Sept 2C. — Gover
nor George C. Pardee this afternoon
issued a general election proclamat'on
calling for the Presidential election
Tuesdav\ N'ovembor fi.
. LIBEL FOR PALVAGK. — Otto Yunk. a ma
rine- fireman on bourd the steamer C. 'C.
Linrtaur. filrd a librl yesterday In the United
Htates District Court agEinM the American
Fteam-r £ar.ta Barbara to recover f*0 salvage
for fci« BtrvScPS as a mfir.ber of the crew of
th* Lindauer in the rescue cf the Santa Bar
bara on August 3.
DETMOLD, Germany, Sept. 26. —
Count Ernst, regent of the principal
ity of Lippe, is dead. He was born in
1831. . • :
Count Ernst of Lippe Is Dead.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 26. — Lester B.
Towne, a well known Sebastopol drug
gist, died at that place this morning
of apoplexy.
Sebastopol Druggist Dead.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa. Sept. 26.—
Judge C. H. Lewis of Sioux City died
to-day, after, a lingering illness. He
was one of the best-known lawyers in
Iowa.
Well-Ki^vn Iowa Lawyer Dead.
The career of every rich man in the
United States shows that his first accu
mulation came from saving part of his
earnings, and that he started In life with
a smaller capacity for earning than the
average man working for wages or sal
ary in this city to-day. It is never too
late to save, and it is never too earlv to
begin. Don't wait until you can put a
big amount away. Take part of your
earnings, no matter how small, each
week or each month. You can open a
savings account for as small a sum as
one dollar with the Phoenix Savings, B.
and L. Ass'n, 516 California street. In
terest, compounded semi-annually, is paid
at the rate of 4^ per cent, and on term
accounts 5 per cent Ib paid, payable
semi-annually. Paid up capital, $1,250,
000; guarantee capital, 5200,000. The di
rectors are: A. A. Watkims, Charles R.
Bishop, George C. Boardman, S. Prentiss
Smith, Gavin McNab, Charles E. Ladd;
Clarence Grange, managing director. •
Career of a Rich Man.
MADISON, Wis., Sept 26. — C. W.
Roby, postmaster at Portland, Or., un
der President Cleveland, is dead here.
He was 67 years old and had been in
ill-health for some time. He was a
native of this county. Roby was at
one time Superintendent of Portland's
schools.
Orejjonlan Dead in Wisconsin.
Carrie A. Locke has repented of her
action in deeding a home in this city
and nearly 1000 acres of valuable land
in San Mateo County to her three chil
dren. Yesterday she sued them for
the return of the document and ob
tained an order of court restraining
them from having the deed recorded.
According to her complaint, Mrs.
Locke on March 3, 1902, "deeded to
her son, Horace N. Locke, and daugh
ters, Florinda A. Nelson and Emily j.
Feusier. her property on Grove street,
near Webster, and five parcels of San
Mateo County land aggregratlng 930
acres. TJie only consideration, she
says, was their love and affection, and
it was understood that the deed was
not to be delivered until after her
death.
She kept the deed for a long time
and then, she says, gave it to Florinda
Xelson for safe keeping, subject to_re
call. On September 10, it is alleged,
the mother demanded the return of
the papers, but the daughter declined
to surrender them, claiming that the
deed had been delivered and vested
title in the property In the children.
The court is asked to decree that the
deed Is void or voidable.
Mrs. Locke Says Conveyance of Valu
able Property, Was Xot to Be Ef
fective Until Her Death.
removed to this city a week ago,
was loose, and the ball hit the hard
earth below.
The injured performer was taken to
n hoppita], where it was found that
she had a fractured skull and was
paralyzed from the effect? of the fall,
llanaper Collins disappeared and has
not been heard from since. The mother
of the injured girl had her daughter
On the evening of August 4, when
Miss Allsop was performing her feat
n u-jU had been moved into a position
•where It deprived the net of three feet
of npace. "When the ball in which the
irirl was enclosed made the circle of
the loop it shot into the net. which
W:« Alison, the Darinjr Performer,
Passes Away nt Her Home After
Intense Suffering.
Ida Allsnp. the 15-year-old girl who
was .injured while looping the loop
last month in Tacoma. died at her
homo. 2\ 7 Harriet street, yesterday
morninjr. It If alleged that the acci
dent was caused through the negll
pir.ee of the manager of the show at
ihe Mnrdi Oras carnival at Tacoma,
and who failed to provide sufficient
pr>ar>e for the girl to perform in wiMi
MOTHER RECALLS DEED
SIIE GAVE TO CHILDREN
GIRL WHO WAS IN'JURED IS
IjOOPIXG THE IXX)P DIES
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept.
26. — Word has been received at the
university announcing the death of
Irving H. Sevier, a former .Stanford
student, at Kofa, Ariz. Sevier was a
member of the class of 1905 and while
at college was a prominent track man
and a member of the Encina and Geol
ogy clubs.
Death Calls Stanford Man.
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi
tion of moderate priced oil paintings,
water colors, pastels, etchings and fine
photographs. The public is oordially in
vited to call and examine this exhibit
whether wishing to buy or not. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
A Reantlfnl Art Gnllery.
Senior Member of the Firm of Wil
liam II. Bremer & Co. Stricken. 7
William H. Bremer \u25a0 of the stock
brokerage firm of ,W. H. Bremer '&
Co. at 317 California street expired
suddenly at half past" 10 o'clock yes
terday morning on California street,
near his office. Cerebral apoplexy wa3
evidently ' the • cause of death. Mr.
Bremer ,was Jj> years old and resided
at v .13O7* Van Ness avenue with his
family.* •:\u25a0**\u25a0'. \ \u25a0 • •-VV." ; v
"At the time he Trp.8 stricken he was
walking with his son, William H. Bre
mer Jr. There was not the
I slightest Dremonition of the at
tack, the elder Bremer falling to
the sidewalk and expiring instantly.
I Bystanders assisted young Mr. Ure
mer in carrying his father's body to
the office. A physician was summon
ed at once, but arrived too late to be
of service. »
p BROKER DIES OF ArOPLEXY.
LODI, Sept. 26.— Benjamin P. Lang
ford died at the Langford Colony yes
terday, v ...
The deceased was 78 years of age and
a pioneer of this State. He. came to
California in 1850. He was the founder
of the Langford Colony, one of the
richest fruit-raising districts _. in the
State. In 1SS4 Langford was elected
from this district to the State Senate,
and for eight successive terms hie
was returned .to the Senate by his con
stituents. He was familiarly known as
the father of the Senate, and as "Hon
est Ben" he was known from one end
of California to the other.. . ; T ;^
Langford retired from active life in
1900.
Death Ends Life of Man Who
.'Added Much to Glory
of California.
PIONEEK OF STATE WHO 'SUC
CUMBED • TO INEVITABLE,. AT I
~ HIS HOME NEAR LODI.
I Higgins denies the accusations of un
faithfulness lodged against him by his
wife. He denies that the hotel is a
profit-making institution and says that
Instead of receiving $500 a month from
bis practice. as a dentist he does not
earn more than $115. Higgins declares
,that~for the last six years his wife has
spent half of her time away from home
:visiting and traveling for pleasure.
Last year, he says, she professed a de
sire to- become an actress and it was
her custom. to consort "with actors and
actresses - and would-be actors and
actresses." v
An affidavit for an order ' to show
cause why jhe should. not pay alimony
'overdue was.- filed yesterday against
Arthur L. Piper of the Plper-Aden-
Goodall Company by his wife, Mary
Helen Piper. '.. \u25a0
i Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge' Hebbard' to< Florence M. Smith
frgm Fred B. Smith, for desertion; to
Mina B. Westfall from Will H. West
fall, neglect; by Judge Hunt to Charles
A. Wyse from Ella V. Wyse, desertion;
by Judge Troutt to Edith W. Ezekiel
from E. H. Ezekiel, desertion; by Judge
Graham to Frances Robinson from
Robert Robinson, desertion; by Judge
Sloss to Ida M. Lee from W. B. Lee,
failure to provide; by Judge Kerrigan
to Joseph W. Mayder from Elsie May
der, cruelty; to Madaline Lehners from
Carl Lehners, cruelty: to Clarnie M.
Tracy from Charles B. Tracy, cruelty;
by Judge Kerrigan to Frankie A. Holz
hausen from Rudolph Holzhausen, ne
glect and intemperance.
' In a suit for divorce against her hus
band Nicholas, Vera Karusa charges
him with being a dissolute associate
of gamblers and says that twice he
forcibly to.ok her wedding ring from
her finger and pawned it to get funds
with which to gamble.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Abe Cohn against Elizabeth Cohn,
cruelty; Sarah Gordon against Alex
ander Gordon, cruelty; John McAullffe
against Mary R. McAuliffe, desertion;
Lillian Gendar against Win. H. Gendar,
desertion; Albert D. Williams against
Evelyn Williams, desertion; Mary L.
Hills against Arthur W. Hills, neglect;
Mary.. A. O'Brien against John P.
O'Brien, cruelty; Daisy R. Godfrey
against Nathaniel Godfrey, neglect;
Emily McCarty against David Mc-
Carty, cruelty.
Theodore Shelton Higgins, dentiat
and manager of the Hotel Inverness,
nas ,'answered his wife Annie's suit for
\u25a0divorce and filed a cross complaint in
]which 'he says that he believes she
habitually carries a loaded revolver,
and he Is in constant fear of his life.
On . two occasions, he declares, she
angrily drew the weapon from her
isatchel and threatened to kill him.
Bishop M. C. Harris will sail for
Tokio, Japan, October 13, on the Mon
golia,
The Rev. E. W. Darst announced
yesterday that he hopes to see the
dedication of tne Christian Church
building, Berkeley, on Sunday, Octo
ber 30.
The Rev. George A. Hough, pastor
of St. Vincent Methodist Episcopal
Church, Los Angeles, has been op
pointed to the California-street Meth
odist Episcopal Church, this city. It
is generally supposed that the Rev. W.
P. Stanley will succeed the Rev. C. O.
Oxnam at Hamilton Methodist Episco
pal Church. Mr. Oxnam is to go
to Hamilton Methodist Episcopal
Church, Los Angelea conference.
The Sunset Christian Church build
ing, now near completion on Tenth
avenue, has been under: the eye of
George D. Tiernan, business agent of
the Wood.. Wire and Metal Lathers'
Union, who discovered that the Rev.
G. Greenwell and J. P. . Dargitz, the
linancial secretary of the church, had
let the contract for plastering to an
"open shop," .
At the meeting of the Ministers' As
sociation of the Christian church de
nomination yesterday afternoon it de
veloped that the Rev. Mr. Greenwell
had been interviewed by the business
agent- of the union, and in reply to
his questions the parson explained
that the 'contract had been made, and
if broken the contractor might come
upon him for damages, and that' in all
honor the contract must be observed.
He explained that the contract had
been let in good faith; that Mr. Dar
gitz, being a new comer \ to the city,
had entered into a contract with the
"open shop" contractor, not knowing
such was the case. Upon- this show
ing, said Mr. Greenwell, the business
agent of the union consented not to
interfere. v
There was a discussion, in which
the ministers were generally opposed
to the idea of being questioned as to
their rights to employ whomsover
they wished. ;
& Dr. Hemphill, pastor of Calvary
Presbyterian Church, delivered an
interesting and picturesque address on
"Australia and Australians." before the
Presbyterian Ministers' Association
yesterday. . ..".. . \ .•..'.
The Rev.. George W. White spoke
on "The Spiritual Message in the Ser-.
monic Literature' of the. Times" before
the Methodist Ministers', .Association
yesterday morning. V -
One hundred singers are to compose
the choir at the West Side Christian
Church. Such was the announcement
made by Dr. Walter M. White, the
pastor, at a gathering of ministers of
his denomination yesterday afternoon.
It will be the largest choir in San
Francisco.
Though the- Rev. Mr. Duncan with- ;
drew some time ago from the demoni
nation with which he had been affili
ated all his life, his case was brought
before several. members of the Pres
byterian Ministers' Association yester r
day. No action was taken.
Broken down in health and physi
cally and mentally weary, the Rev.
Kenneth Duncan sought assistance
from a member of the West Side
Christian Church a few days ago and
is consequently receiving the care . lie
sought His life has-been a deplor
able disappointment. \u25a0 \u25a0'
, His friends of the Presbyterian de
nomination, with which he was affili
ated, worked incessantly to benefit
his condition, but apparently to no
purpose.
Speaking to his latest benefactor he
told a pitiful story of his youthful am
bition, of his hopes, and. of the cause
of his ultimate misfortune. He at
tributes all his trouble to the use of
opiates, which originally were 'pre
scribed for him when he^ needed
mental rest. He told how he had
been to sanitarium after sanitarium
without relief.
Mrs. Piper Has Been Given
Only Fifty Dollars Ali
mony and Wants More
Sunset Christian ' Church
Building Nearly Comes
Under the Ban of the Union
MATTER OF "OPEN SHOP"
HIS CKOSS - COMPLAINT
•
9
Rev. Kenneth Duncan Tells
Pitiful Story of Down
fall to His Benefactor
Proprietor of the Inverness
Says Mrs. Higgins Has
Threatened to Kill Him
BLAMES DRUGS
FOR HIS RUIN
BELIEVES WIFE
CARRIES WEAPON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, '1904.
B. F. LANGFORD
RECEIVES CALL
ALL MUST HEED
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AVOID
THE CAUSE
OF
DISEASE
Nine-tenths of all our diseases
have their beginning with
CONSTIPATION
It is a duty we owe to our
body to secure » free move-
ment of the bowels once every i
day. The one reliable remedy »
for constipation is
HUNYADI JANOS
THE HATURAL LAXATIVE WATER.
|| Half a glass on arising gives
H prompt and pleasant relief.
Dandruff Is • contagion* fUease cautctf by a microbe.
NEWBR.O'5 HERPICIDE
The ORIGIN AL remedy that "kill* the Dandruff Oerm."
I ItfC* "TUCT DADnOM « 0lne « wnllelir**tni remain* In the folllclts, th*
tlr^C. inC rHnUUII hair Is freed from dls*«se and b*ein» its natural
Newbro's Herplclde can cose too late. If the growth araln. Don't neglect dandruff or falling
dandruff microbe hat destroyed the hilr follicles hslr. Wonderful results follow the use of Herpl- '
and left the scalp bald and shining all remedies are clde. It It an exquisite* hair dressing. Steps
u-ortfUrsv But. Ilkr the pardon. If Herplclde Itching of the scalp Instantly.
GOING* I GOING ! ! GONE ! 1 )
•tine* »u un'n. twtou tu un it. ,wun fbi mmac.'
BrtfStsm.Sim Scstf 10c, stao^is. to KBtMCtOE CO, OepL I, (letnit Midt, for a smpto.
ATrUCATIONB AT raOH OTZNT B&fiBZB BHOW. ' ' - '
A31USEMEXTa.
Seats on Sale
BEJM GREETS
EVERYMAN
Week of Oct. 3— Mats. Wed. and Sat.
LY.^IC Hftl_L.
PBXCES....$1.50, S1.00 and 73c
AHB
JOSEF HOFMANN
THE OBEAT PIANIST
ALHAMBRA THeATER
Tuesday and Thursday, October 4 and 6
. Saturday Matinee. October 8
SEASON SALE HOW OH
SZNG&E SEATS THURSDAY
$2.OO, 83.50. 91.00 and 75c
At SHERMAN. CLAY &.CO.'S, where com-
plete programme may be obtained.
SECOND WEEK
Of the Brilliantly Successful Comic Opera
STHE pa
ONLY MATINEE SAT. KS19
Same Prices 23c. 50c, 73c
In Preparation
DER RASTELBINDER
(The Mousetrap Peddler.)
f LAST WEEK OF
MISS MAZUMA
The Burlesque Hit of the Season. >
Replete With New Sonjs. Specialties and
Novelties.
Our Unexcelled Cast and Chorus.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
A* NOTICE — NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
First Production of
"SOWN THE T.TNE."
(By Howard Jacot, Esq.)
A Hilariously Funny Burlesque.
Absolutely New and Original.
Three Grtat Acts and Twenty Specialties.
A T f*l A T A Tl Belasco * Mayer.
ALCAZAR E-rTpTe
. * General Manaxer.
TO-NIGHT— All. WEEK.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
Evg., 25c to 76c. Mats. Thurs. & Sat.. 25c to 80c
1A/HITIE | AMD THE ALCAZAR CO. |
WHITTLEteEY
In a Grand Revival of Richard Harding Davis'
Thrilling Story of Adventure,
SOLDIERS OF
FORTUNE
f Dramatixed by Augustus Thomas.
Monday. Oct. 3, FAREWELL WEEK.
MR. WHITTLESEY as ARMAND DUVAL ln
•-CAMILLE."
Market 'Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Production of the Matchless Cali-
fornia Drama.
THE DANITES"
Adapted from the Famous Story of the Sierras
by Joaquin Miller.
UDirCC Evenings 10c to 60c
rttlCrO Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
Next— DEALERS IH WHITE WOMEN.
WEEKLY CAXL, $1.00 PEB YEAR
AMTJSE3LENTS.
GRAND SSSit
THIS WEEK AND NEXT!
The Beautiful Pastoral Play,
[YORK STATEj
BUsest HI] M^ An
Hit I 1 f 1 , i\ » 1 Instan-
of the * VT.lVai.fc/ taneous
Season. ' Success.
Better than "The Old Homestead"
Matinee* Saturday and Sunday
COMING— THE BURGOMASTER.
r-CALIFORNIA-\
ALX. THIS WEEK. »J
ED W. THTTBSrAEB Presents |
RALPH STUART I
1X<THE BIG SUCCESS, j
BYR1GHT0FSW0RD 1
Direct from the American Theater, H
New York City. jj
NEXT STNDAT — Biggest. Brightest. M
Best Musical Comedy of the Season. S
"THE TENDERFOOT." Jl
PoslUvely 60 People, tacludlni Phil Q
Ryley. the famous Tweedlepuach in R
Florodora. 100 nights ln New York, {
250 nights in Chicago. *
SEATS NOW SELLING. J
| A Vaudeville Revel!
URBANI AND SON;
John P. Kennedy and Carrie Beynolds;
James and Bonnie Parley; Two Pncis;
T. Trovollo; Mr. and Mm. Howard
Trnesdell; Marvelons Melroso Troupe;
Ziawson and Kf*mon, and Orphenm Mo-
tlon Pictures, Showing "Psrsoaal," tha
Oreat Comedy Success, and *A
Drama ln th« Air."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. S&turday and Sunday.
PRICES — 10c. 25c and 50c.
H. "W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT « TO-NIGHT
AND ALL THIS WEEK.
OLIVER MOROSCO offers his Majestic Theater
Company in a Spectacular Production of tha
Revolutionary Romance,
CAPTAIN
BARRINGTON
NIGHT PRICES— 25. S5 and 60 cent*.
A few front rows orchestra. 73 cents.
Next Sunday — the first time by any stock com-
pany — Stuart Robson's famous success.
. "THE HENRIETTA."
DAISY TiARCOURT
And » Splendid Show Every Afternoon
and Evening- in tha Theater. ;•» .-/_
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RA1L2OAD.
THREE BABY LIONS IN THE ZOO.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MC3X.
Hear the Pneumatic Symphony Orchestrion.
AMATEVR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5c
AVhen Phoning Ask for "Th^ Chutes."
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A OREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organ*, for both sexes.
Tha Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tb«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own menu,
NABEP, ALF3 ft BRUNE. Azeats.
128 Uarkat St.. 3. F.— <Sead for ClreaUnb)
eoeccoQeoeaosoooooGooooeeoooocGoeddooceoooeoo
• 818-820 rarar grBBBT. bak PBAyciaco. 3
2 ftmihfa Da v FRFF u - s * Posla se stamps g
• ISUUPie Uoy rncCi O n an purchases in •
S TV*- Mrfclw/^Ji/ our Stationery Department to S
| 1 U-1YIUH UW j amount of 20c or more. J
• \u25a0> . a • •
• MUSLIN TJITDEBWEAB VSCX W£AB. V •
• At One-Third Bejrular Price*. New stock of high-class Novelties. •
• BEAT7TZPXTL CORSET COVERS. Over 10 ° styles. Regular value 50c; •
• Made of fine material, prettily trim- s P« clal 25c •
9 med. Regular value 35c; special.. BXBBO2TS. ®
• ••" - 23e Hundreds of yards of new Ribbon*: £
2 TOADIES' DRAWEES. a11 tne latest novelties. Ribbon T
2 Made of soft bleached muslin, trim- *£? "t^" 8 of charge - * 5c fan- •
2 med with deep tucked ruffle. Reg- Cies ' speclal 10c •
g . ular value 65c; special 45c IXI1TXAI. XJUtCBTETS. J*
? tABIES' QOWITS. dozen Kerchiefs, embroidered *!nl- S
2 Made of Lonsdale muslin, bias cut " "^j. a «2^!^'^SSL^ifi 1 . 1 J?*?1H r ' O
2 yoke, with rows of embroidery in- chief. Regular price 10c; speclaL.Sc J
S sertion and tucks. Regular value K0SX2ST. e
J $1.25; special 75c Ladles' Hose, made of extra fine S
5J TE1VXIT SXBBON. i Rauze cotton, fast black, soft aa X
© The good kind at a very low price: velvet. Special, per pair 25c J
d width No. 1. Regular price, 10 B=M ™ a
Z yards, 45c; special, 10 yards... 25c THE KITCHEIf T
Z ' \u25a0 Is the room of harmony ln every a
• • 00X390 EAST? home. "When a man goes home 2
A s^s^as^^. ~ J~ crnss and tIred ho flnd3 rest and m
2 PCtarT"^ ~~g ~?Tti buy XQUh soothins contentment ln th« good 2
f^W* tf g" dfl ' TJtUUJta things that coma from th© kitchen. •
9 r^Wja__«>-, A-ri-sS AT Below you will find a few specials ©
• bC£~XBgm -.„«- that will beautify as well aa lighten •
• v^lzjW^M^W ' AgTOST the labors of the room of harmony. •
9 Nffl2Lt2-* PRICES. HANDSOME SECOBATES SPICE •
© TOTTtt CHOICE BOX. ©
S Ot **2£t C^. n rSl . Ea < St , ern ak9 , at <«** Inches, SU deep, with « spice •
S w^e/^^tend fnvl" v^ $^h*2£* Q&*T4& Z
• Belo^we'Se 3 a^few %£?% PrlCe 5 ° C: SPedal 30c 2
2 random: s TEA OB COPPES CA2OSTEBS •
2 30-inch Good, Strong. Metal-Covered W ! th J laln j? r decorations RouncU 4% g
f» Trunk— Either flat or oval top. with Inches diameter. 8 Inches high .•
g good lock and bolts, tray and hat Regular 20c; special. y 12c •
2 °° x 83.75 Square, with hinge lap cover, assort- ?
g 32-inch Plat-Top Trunk— Canvas cov- ed designs. Regular 25c; special. . »
JJ ered and painted, with strong steel 14c J
J jffss^^.'ff^.^&s? — boo^ r OB cwovsss: — I
g a °£Sr 8aBe 8tyle ' WUh tW UT t pT&, r g^. 1^lph < Sn C s U e t 4°d*ga ) s C - •
« •/. v ™ '* « ' " '^LL "J"A" *°* 4 ° Nton. Katzenjammer Kids, On and 2
O 34-inch Plat-Top Trunk— Canvas cov- b ff the Ark> Lu i u and Leander. Poor •
Q ered and painted, with large pro- L n Mose; all ln new dress for 1904 •
Q tecting bumpers, extra strong bolts a^ COc O
S sto d ut°straps tr ! l ... r . e . S f.^T.f87. t 75 Sl^O COP-TBIOHTS, 50c •
O 38-inch Plat-Top Trunk— Canvas cov- 30(> 1 tItle f: **? *% d , P ? P * T l lar iS^l'S O
X ered and painted, large brass bump- elegantly bound ln cloth, published g
Z ers. extra strong bolts. Excelsior at $1.50. on sale 5Oc »
S lock, best oak slats, thoroughly re- See window display for titles, or list 2
2 in forced, two trays and hat box. sent on application. ;*
\u25a0[ best quality straps $10.00 ' ' \u25a0 ' 2
2 Any of the above can be had in larger TWO TIMEIiT BOOXSi «
X or smaller sizes, at 50o each size, THE HEW wlitAWP OP OS. *•
2 more or less, as the case may be. j THE JUK7ELOUS L&5D OP OS. **
O ; O
• ======================================^^ e
• KNIVES, BAZOBS AHS SHEABS OBOT7HD AKD BEPAXBEB.* O
O PICTURE PBAMES OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO OBOES. ."* ©
® AI.I. KIKDS OP EXiEOTBXCAi; WORK DO2TE A3TD BEPA2BES. O
€^^oo^^ooa^•Q0eoe^^^^^^oo^o^ocoeoo^oo^a^^^#ee
ADVEKT1SEMENTS ; '' ; - \u25a0
%g Miss Gannon, Sec y Detroit Amateur l|j
Art Association, tells young women what to
do to avoid pain and suffering caused by
female troubles.
"Deab Mrs. Pdtkhams— I can conscientiously recommend LydlaE*
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound to those of my sisters suffering with
female weakness and the troubles "which so often befall women. I suf-
fered for months with general weakness, and felt so weary that I had
.hard work to keep up. I had shooting pains, and was utterly miserable.
In my distress I wa« advised to use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and it was a red letter day to me when I took the first dose,
for at that time my restoration began. In six weeks I was a changed
woman, perfectly well in every respect. I felt so elated and happy that
I want all women who suffer to get well as I did."— Miss Guila Gannon,
S5& Jones Sl, Detroit, Mich, Secretary Amateur Art Association.
It is clearly shown in this young lady's letter that L.ydla E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will certainly cure the sufferings
of women ; and when one considers that Miss Gannon's letter is
onlyono of the countless hundreds which wo are continually
publishing- in the newspapers of this country, the great virtue of Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine must be admitted by all ; and for the absolute cure of all kinds
of female ills no substitute can possibly take its place. Women should bear
this important fact in mind when they go into a drug store, and be sure not
to accept anything 1 that is claimed to be " just as good " as Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, for no other medicine for female ills has
made so many actual cures.
\ .
How Another Sufferer Was Cured.
** Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I cannot praise your wonderful remedies
enough, for they have done me more good than all the doctors I have
had. For the last eight years and more I suffered with female troubles,
was very weak, could not do my housework, also had nervous pros-
tfation. Some days I would remain unconscious for a jvhole day and
night My neighbors thought I could never recover, but, thanks to
your medicine, I now feel like a different woman.
" I feel very grateful to you and will recommend Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound to alL It has now been four years since
I had the last spell of nervous prostration. I only weighed ninety-
eight pounds at that time ; now I weigh one hundred and twenty-three.
"I % consider your Vegetable Compound the finest remedy made.
Thanking you manv times for the benefit I received from your medicine,
I remain, Yours truly, Mrs. J. IL Farmer, 2809 Elliott Ave., St. Louis, Mo."
Remember Mrs. Pinkham's advice is free and all sick women
are foolish if they do not ask for it. She speaks from the widest
experience, and has helped multitudes of women.
fTnft'i FORFEIT If we cannot forthwith prodnce the original letters and signatures of
Vn||l£*l itbove tetumouials, which will prore their &bso!nte genuineness.
VUUUU Ly «U» K. l'inkbam Med. Co., Lynn. Man,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Perrin
fit
C. Satisfaction in glove
wear comes from
bodily comfort of per-
fect fit for the hand,
and mental comfort
from good wearing
qualities.
C Perrin gloves give
complete satisfaction.
Sole Depot In San Francisco:
R. D. DAVIS & COMPANY,
Geary and Grant Avenue*.
Men's Gloves at all Men's Stores.
i
Pfllarp D0^ J fail to
rdldUJ , ee bcautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
emu parlor, thi
C~~~A PALM ROOM, the
tiniflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR^ ud the:LA .
H^rJr. DIES ' WRITING
Hotels room.
AMUSEMENTS.
f*AI HME21 A sas Francisco's
COLUMBIA LEADING THEM®
Up to and Including Next Sunday
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
Last Times of Ilamlln and Mitchell's Ex-
trava»anza,
WllAaHllU Ul \$L
Last Time Next Sunday Night.
BEGINNING rNEXT MONDAY, .
FRANK DANIELS
Xtt "THE OTPICE BOY."
SOUSA Is coming to the ALHAMBRA.
MISCEUjANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
TWO EXTRA
GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS
The Distinguished Prima Donna Soprano
?&FRANCISGA
AT TFTB *Tr 1 F AM " aTt * <r * T1ti *Tl r PB
NEXT THUE^D AT NIGHT. . . . Sept. 39
NEXT SACUBOAT MATINEE. . . .Oct. 1
Seats. S3 to 75c. at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'iTHE SAN FRANCISCa CALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27, 1904.
10
EMPLOYMENT WA»TOP-^amala-^Con,
GOVERNESS, well educated, speaks German.
good pianist, best of references as to char-
acter, wants a situation. Box 177Q, Call.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
hotel or restaurant, city or country. 3-1
Mason st. : phone Black. 3390. - t
AN elderly lady wishes a position as house-
keeper; city or country. 136 Fifth it., bet.
Mission and Howard. r.
BY refined young lady, position as companion
to elderly lady; city or country; highest per-
sonal references. Address box 1491. Call.
WOMAN wishes a position as cook's help or
dishwasher. Apply 629 Mission st. :
A FRENCH laundress takes washing home;
open air dry; phone Page 79-11.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «C
'emplotmeht waoted-maib.
COMPETENT bookkeeper seeks engagement:
« has thorough knowledge of general office
work of shipping and general merchant's
business; for some years resident In Au-
stralia and the Orient; first-class references.
Box 1960. Call.
GARDENER, first class, single, of long expe-
rience in landscape and greenhouse work,
wishes situation; private or commercial place;
reference. Address G. D.. box 1970. Call.
\u25a0
EX- CONVICT, recently converted, capable of
Intelligent application, wishes for a new start
with Christian employer. Particulars Paul-
sell. Superintendent Peniel Mission, 733
Hyde st. \u25a0
POSITION by civil and mining- engineer, or
can take charge of mine; ten years' experi-
ence; will go anywhere. Box 2001. Call.
ELECTRICIAN who thoroughly understands
estimating and construction wishes position.
Box 1965. Call.
COACHMAN and gardener, man about place,
wishes position; best of references. Box 1369,
Call office. \ %
BUTLER. Danish, wishes a position, city or
country: has first class references. Box
1901, Call.
A— SITUATION wanted to take care of a pri-
vate place by a trustworthy man (Dane);
understands gardening, horses, milking; good
references. Box 14SS. Call office. ,
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation as clerk In grocery store or bar-
room: cood references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny st.
WOULD like* position as watchman: first-class
reference: will give $1000 security; strictly
sob».r. Address P. I. ROWAN. 1234 Pierce st.
WANTED — By experienced janitor and house-
cleaner, any kind of Inside or outside work
by the day also small. light room In ex-
change for work. I. METER. 110 Hyde st.
GARDENER, thoroughly experienced and com-
petent to assume full charge of first-class
private places, desires permanent position
immediately. Box 1929, Call office.
GROCER having long and successful experi-
ence as manaser and buyer is open for an
enracement in any part of the State. Box
IXSB. Call office.
WANTED — Position on duck preserve by an
experienced keeper. H. SMITH. 103 Van
Ness aye.
POSITION as watchman or caretaker of a pub-
lic or private place: city or country; 20 years'
experience; No. 1 reference. Box 1455, Call.
A STEADT sober young man from Ohio would
like place in a private family. S. GREEN-
SLACH, 1013 Mission St.
SOBER man (35). American, wants work In
country or private place; wages no object;
references. Box HSU. Call office.
NIGHT watchman or Janitor work; steady,
sober man; will put up cash bond. Box
15G5. Call office.
YOUNG German wishes position as dishwasher
in hotel, restaurant or boarding house. Ad-
dress 65S Foisom st.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman (25) d>-
sires position with* wholesale grocery house;
speaks Spanish and German: best of refer-
ences from present and past employers.
Address box 1490. Call office.
WANTED — Position requiring services of one
capable of attending to correspondence, tak-
ing charge of office force, performing sec-
retarial duties: best references. Box 1945,
Call office.
YOUNG man. 20 years old. 4 years' experience
first-class hotels, knowledge French, Ger-
man, English, wants office position In hotel.
Address MARTIN J. DUTTBERND. 1028
Jackson st.
HONEST, willing young man. looking for por-
ter and bartender position; has some experi-
ence tending bar. Box 1753, Call office.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper, secretary
or nianazer, by trustworthy man; best of
references. Box 17SS, Call office.
DIE stamper experienced In color, bronze and
Illuminating, from the East, wants situation.
Box 1943, Calf office.
SMALL contracts and general Jobbing by a
competent carpenter; estimates given. A.
M., 3475 Nineteenth st.
WANTED — A position by a first-class mill-
wright; best recommendations. Box 1411,
Call office. Oakland.
A GOOD German dishwasher wishes a posi-
tion in the city or country. Box 1935, Call.
YOUNG man wishes to learn grocery business;
a few hours in the evening. Box 1956, Call.
WANTED — Position by . a first-class Chinese
cook: family or boarding-house. E. I*, 1113
Clay St.; tcl. Black 3658.
JAPANESE couple would like situation, man
to do gardening or any other kind of work,
and wife to do cooking, rjl.i'i Post st.
A JAPANESE wants a situation as an assis-
tant cook or general housework, city or
country. GEORGE, care Nippon Co., 507
Dupont st.
JAPANESE boy wints a situation as waiter
In family or business house: long* experience.
HARRY KAGANA, 315>-i Stockton st.
A JAPANESE. 24. graduate of medical college,
wants position as assistant or office boy; city
or country. P. I. W., Sll Stockton st.
A BRIGHT Japanese boy wants position for
housework and waiting: speaks good English.
KISHI. 25SA O'Farrell st., San Francisco.
A JAPANESE first-class cook wants position
In nice family;s3o to $40.F.T.0.,1333 Pine st.
JAPANESE, good boy, wants situation to do
housework: wages $4 wk. UKAI, 14 St.Mary.
i'OUNG Japanese couple want positions: man
is a good cook, wife to do general houce-
work: wages $33 per month. Shoe shop 445
San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
3OOD Japanese boy wants a position aa
schoolboy. FAROW. 1040 McAllister st.-
tel. Fell 71S1.
X JAPANESE wants a situation as assistant
cook or housework: city or country X
NAKATO. 640 Pine at.
S. GOOD Japanese boy wants a situation as
schoolboy. HOSHI. 1304 Post St.. Japanese
Episcopal Mission; phone Sutter 4132.
V JAPANESE boy wants position to do cooking
In family or family boarding-house- wares
$30 to $35; refs. Add. F. A.. 20 Lewis place.
rAPANESE couple wa^it a position; man to <
do kitchen help: wife as second worker in
family. TAMATO. 423 Stevenson st.. S. F. ;
(APANESE boy. gentlemanly and honest,
wishes a position as schoolboy or half day t
work. TENJI. J. Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght.
V JAPANESE wants a few hours' work of any i
kind, day or njght. FRANK. 315% Stockton.
EXPERIENCED Japanese wishes position as 1
watchman of pasture. T. SATO. 121 Halght.
fLATS TO liET.
X— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense llstr .
service absolutely free; take advantage of c
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary -
st.. on ttae square. i
MINNA. 917— Sunny flats, rents $15 to $17.50;
3 rooms and bath each; Janitor service,
scavenger, etc... free; call and see them. -]
SIXTH aye.. 757. between C and Fulton — Sun- .
ny, modern, upper flat; 6 rooms and bath; r
rent $25. SPECK & CO.. 200 Montgomery st.
rWO new elegant upper flate; 6 rooms and T
bath; marine view; reasonable. SE. cor. Bu-
chanan and Filbert sts.
COE. 163-ies. near. Fifteenth — 6-rowm fiats, 1
block north of Market; middle, $30; upper.
$32 50. • v ' !
32 50 — NEW .7 fine- sunny room flat; fine fin- -
ished; 2 toilets; fine bath;- latest improve- ]
ments. 130 Second aye.. near Sacramento.
CSAIBVOTANTS — Contlnned.
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
WITNESS THE WONDERFUL.
DEMONSTRATION
OF THE NOTED LIVINGSTONE.
READINGS. $1.
\u25a0He has met every expectation, every adver-
tised promise.
He ie acknowledged by all who consult him
as a true exponent of the occult science; for
overcoming trouble, bad luck. 111 health, busi-
ness, love, family and financial worries. Would
it not be a relief to know how you will suc-
ceed? To be relieved of the maters that are
troubling you and of the schemes of your ene-
mies, that you may meet wtth better success?
Then don't hesitate until too late.
Go at once to LIVINGSTONE,
Who Is permanently located at
42S Eddy st. : lady attendant. .
' Everything strictly confidential. • '
Three separate reception parlors.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clair. & palm.
I correctly treat your love affairs, domestic
troubles. bus. and financial success; names;
L... 50c: G.. $1. 714 Franklin, nr. G. G. aye.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known . fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis St.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown $3 50: fillings, 60c:
plates. $3; full set; all " work patnless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market,nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 CO up; crowns.s2 up:fllllngs.2"c.
GOLD fillings 75c ; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,2O4 Sutter.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from 847 Geary
«t. to SSO Geary et. \u25a0
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.l«t
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
ALL work guaranteed by the New York den-
tists Dr. Perkins. Mgr.. 969 Mission. cor. 6th.
DMS^^KEBS^AirD^SEAMSTBESSES
FINKELSTEIN, 410 Ellis — Ladles' tailor suits
to order; on installm'ts if desired; reas; call.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew.
n* n '" button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
_^ j ._; jBPPCATioiyAri. ,
A BIGGEU school than ever. On June 1 we
movfd v new fireproof bui!Jlng 738 Mission
St.. between TMrd and Fourth; more space;
finer rooms: better light; finest In the West;
come ani see. S. T. BUSINESS COLLEGE.
A — THK Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
Echool for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
A— THE Paul Gerson School of Acting gives
more performances and secures more engage-
ments for students than all other Western
schools; special nummcr course. 414 Mason.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, «.;.-pirg: $5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured, day. eve. 723 Market.
A— CHICAGO BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1435 Mar-
ket, guarantees position!! to graduates; Plt-
ir.an shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: $3 mo.
ENGINEERING— CIvii. elec. mm.. merh., eur-
vey. assay, cvar.lde; day, er.J est. 1864; Vaa
fler NallJen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
ism meet on Mon.. Wed. arid Thurs.. 2 p. m..
3-'.'s Phelan bldg.: terms very reasonable.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. math., etc.; day and
eve.; individual instr. 305 Larkln St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 002 Van Ness
aye.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13sg Market St. Send for catalogue.*
A THOROUGHLY competent teacher of piano;
beginners & adults: 50c. 2395 Mission, cor. 20.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.:
mandolin club. $1 per mo. S2S Halght st.
ADULT and Juve.nlle classes now open. Kin-
man'a School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SPANISH, French. etc. Prof. De FlHppe's-Academy
of !anguares,lolS Post; est. 1871 ;ablest profs.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montg'my.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day a~nd
PARTIXGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Haight;
individual Instruc. : all branches: day, eve.
WESTERN Business College. 1107 Mkt.. com-
p!et* course. $8 mo. $30: eve. $4 mo.: private
CALIFORNIA Business College. 625 Golden
Gate avp.. S. F. : 7. r >-naee catalog on request
EMFLOYMESiT J3IVFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 539 Sacramento. Tel. James 5261.
WE furnl.-h bookkeepers, clerks, stenographers,
general help. VNATIONAL." 509 Hearst bid.
A— ORPHF.U.M Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411 jj O'Ffarrell: tel. East 42a
JAPANESE-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagaki. mgr.. tel. Bush 859.
RELIABLE- Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. G4O Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— PEMtLS.
WANTED — By a first-class cook, a situation; .
best of city references. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
GERMAN chambermaid wants situation in
lodging-house cr hotel. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
YOUNG German woman with child 3 years
old wishes situation as housekeeper; best
reference. Address or call at 45 South Sixth
st.. San Jose, Cal., MRS. HELENA
SCHMIDT.
A CHANCE— Capable, experienced stenograph-
er: centrally located; who has spare time,
would like some outside work; copying or
dictated: owns machine; charges reasonable.
Box 1950, Gall office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wants place In small
family; general housework and cooking.' Call
IH*A Treat aye., near Twenty-fourth; be-
tween 2 and 4.
SITUATION wanted— -By a young girl; to do
housework and cooking. Please call at 308 •
Vlcksburg st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as dressmaker;
by the day ?1 75 and lunch. 408 Hyde st. :
phone Sutter 4111. <
X STEADY, competent person wishes a posi-
tion to do general housework; small family; •
wages $20. 1813 Pine St.. near Cough.
AN elderly woman would like position for
general housework: small family; good cook. •
Apply 2419 Clay at. <
DEWING by machine and hand neatly done
for $1 a day and carfare. Address box 1971, -
Call office. .. •;,:;-,
LADY would like to assist dressmaker who
takes in sewing at home. 007% Buchanan st. •
— — 3
SITUATION wanted by a neat and competent
woman in small family. 1506 Mission st.
V MTDDLE-AGED Eastern woman wishes a J
situation; is a good cook, kind to children,
will do some washing, will so short distance
in the country. 49 Shipley st., off N'atoma, .
near Fourth.- i
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun- .
dress; SI 23 a day and carfare; no postals ]
answered. 549 Minna st., between Sixth and
Seventh. \u25a0
V WAITRESS, experienced, wants position,
hotel cr restaurant, city or country. 321
Mason St.; phone Black 2396.
V NEAT, reliable young woman wants posi- {
tion in a small family to do general house-
work and plain coking: no washing nor chil-
dren: wages $25. Address E. M.. 1212 Hyde
street. • — '
V ANTED — By a reliable woman who Is a good
cook, a situation in a small - family or as *
housekeeper; best references if required. Ad-
dress H. C. b0x. 1944, Call office.
CHILDREN'S, plain sewing neatly done, reas- -
onable prfc«s; lace curtains laundered, 35c up. s
Phone Folsom 022; 28 Dor- st., between
Ninth and Tenth and Howard and Folsom.
-VANTED — A situation by respectable woman
as a first-class cook; city reference given.
Address 57S Olive aye., near.Laguna et.
lEFINED lady wishes position as lady's com- »
P3r.ion or as German soverness. Box 1702.-
Call office.
k." COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by $
the day cr at home, $2 and lunch: at hom«f
after 6p. m.; phone Scott 995. 517 Myrtle ay.
HAVE AS CQMPLETEASTOC£QI
SATISFACTION
THE WANT COLUMNS- Or THE CALL
FIiAT TO liET — Con tinned.
l\* t/ivfit flat- 5 rooms: all modern am
free 734 Dolores *-. cor. Liberty.
eta st.. near Twentieth.
GRFEV "13° nr. Webster— Most elegant new
4 JCSS "iff JSwMIAIS'E
near Third. -
r-— r 74 «> n , ar oth aye.— New French flat.
'i^mlt'rent'lMr marine view; park In rear.
LARGEST list of houses and fiat* i to! let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 11« Montgomery st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1039. near California— Flat
of 6 rooms and bath.
MODERN sunny 3-room flat, bath. BST Capp
\u25a0t.. near. Twenty-fourth.
XATOMA. 714. near Ninth— Cpper flat; 4
sunny rooma; large porch: rent H*.
VERT sunny modern upper T rooms: NE. cor-
ner Jackson and Larkln sta. : rent $3i SO.
$12— FOUR sunny root-w. 23* Duboc* are..
between Guerrero and Market sts.
3PXATS TO LET — y~RST3HSI>.
FURNISHED modern flat; sunny: near park
and colleges; 5 rooms, bath, etc.: owner,
whose family is away, retain* his present
room; rent $25; no children; references. Ad-
dress box ISS6. Call offlc*.
TO LET— Partly furnished middle flat of fly*
rooms and bath; rent reasonable. Apply
dally between 1:30 and 5 p. m.. 79 South
Park. • -
TIIRKE sonny rooms with bath: new and
modern; have to be seen to be appreciated;
open dally. 072 Eddy st.
OAK. 419— Sunny new modern elegant fur-
nished flat: 6 rocms, bath, piano; largs
garden.
A NICELY furnlshMl fiat of 6 room* for sal*
. reasonable at 13"? 1 ? Stevenson st.
PLATSI^BSALE-^jrraHSP.
MODERN sunny Cat: rent $42 50; water free:
furnishings at a bargain. 173 Oak it.; call
between 10 and 3.
MCALLISTER. 1313 — Elegantly furnished 7-
room fiat. Apply mornings.
rUBNITOBI! POB SAKE.
H. MEYER & Co. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 752 Mission ;tel. Bush 813.
$75 WORTH of furniture for $7 30 down. $1 SO
per week. T. Brilliant's Fur. Co.. 340 Post st.
FOLDING bed for sale. Box 873. Call offlo.
PTTBani'UitE "WA— x_jjj.
AB3 LEVT.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpet*, office fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate,
nvr.f wAirrcp—JEajtAxjß. \u25a0
COOK for a home $50
a hotel and boarding-house cooks $CO-stO
2 parlor maids, country, see lady here. ...s::<>
3 second cir!s. city and country $-\u25a0">
5 cooks, city and country $30 and £:J
•2 kitchen helpers, city $20-SJS
2 chambermaids $20
3 chambermaids, wait one meal, city,
county $23
Nurse, child 6 yearr old. reference $25
Infant nurse -. £25
2 waitresses, country hotels $23
Waitress, Institution $23
Upstairs work and sewing »-'\u25a0}
Cook on ranch, see party here. $25
Nurse, 2 cMMren. San Rafael $23'
44 girte for all kinds of housework, city
and country $20. $U3, $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO.
219 KEARNY ST. PIIONE BLACK 2448.
Experienced hair drssser. $60 to start.
Saleswoman for gloves, good salary.
Bookkeeper and stenographer, $30.
Operators on skirts. $1 25 to $1 6O day.
Ojwn «venlns». 7 ig K. . ,
Lady "in, attendance
15 ROWER & CROSBT
FIRST-CLASS housemaid. $00; nursery govern-
ess. $3u, references: German or French cook.
$40*; cpok and second girl, same house. $25.
$20; German nurse. $30; chambermaid, pri-
vate boarding-house. $25; girl for housework
in country. - In family. $30: 20 housework
girls, $25. $20. Apply MISS K. PLUNKETT.
423 Slitter st.
A— SECOND girl. Ntia. see party here. $30:
waitress. Institution $20; chambermaid, ho-
tel, $20; cook. $40 laundress, $30; second
girl. $30; 10 houses ' rls. $25 and $30: cook.
Palo Alto, see par<V here 12 o'clock. $30;
nurse. $20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st-
HELP of all nationalities wanted to fill vari-
ous positions. MRS.; LAMBERT. 415 Powell.
GIRLS TO P.IVET OVERALLS— NO EXPE-
RIENCE NECESSARY: GOOD PAT;
BTCADY WORK. LEVT STRAUSS * CO..
32% FREMONT ST. APFLT TO MR.
DAVIS.
OVERALL AND OVERSHIRT OPERATORS
WANTED. STANDARD FACTORY. COR.
GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
A— WANTED — Gtrla to leara ha!nXress*ng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to 2
In 2 we»ks; tuition $5 to those entertag now;
three positions to fill lsoaediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 per week up.: leading
school In West. 233 Geary st.. roes* IX
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season: both seasons taucM frota start
to finish In one month for $5; oostt:cas as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, goaraateed
at $10 per wk. up; 7 positions to be fi'.iM
immediately. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. t. 14.
A— PACIFIC Colleg* teaches halrdresslax.
manicuring, eleetrle massage. «tc. ; stz hoora*
practice a day; guarantee positions: only
recrgnlzed college of Its kind on coast: dar
and evening classes: all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell *C
MATRON. Institution. $23 and found: woman
family washing. 2 days a week, hotel. $1 50
a day and meals. California Employment
Agency. 14 Third at.; phone Bush 403. -
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators on
overalls, coats aad Jumpers: steady work.
- LEVi STRAUSS & CO.. 32H Fremont st.
Apply to Mr. Davis.
WANTED — A girl- for cook and gaaeral house-
work: wages $23: 3 In family; Palo Alto
Call to-day from 11 to 12, room M. T3l Sut-
ter »t- - • i •;<\u25a0-.
COMPETENT girt to assist with housework
and cooking; good wages; references. 2130
Pacific aye. -.— -- .
GOOD hand sewer on women's sweater*. a>
ply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING* CO.. 413
Polk st. .
WANTED Immediately — Good waist, skirt aad
coat hands. MME. L. LEUENBERGER 133
Post st. ' .
3IRL for housework. 51 Cumberland st . bet
Nineteenth-Twentieth. Guerrero-Dolores.
TWO respectable girls to do general house-
work. 807 Treat aye.
WANTED — Gh-1 for second work; sewing
IJO7 Hyde St.
\ GIRL to assist m light housework* stera
at home. 216 Hyde st.
HOUSEKEEPER for a small family; child 6
years old. Box 19«7. Call office.
WANTED— Experienced sudwlady for ribbon
department. MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
JAPANESE cr white girl: light . housework"
gocxl w»?cs; good hem». 24*» Lily aye.
;iRL for housework and cooking. Call betw*— *
9 and 12. 2423 Flllmore st. '
WANTED— Finishers on custom pasts M
MORGANSTERN. 461 Jessie st. *"•*»•
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 20 Third
rALENTED smateur performers. Appr* at
Chutes, g p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
OPERATORS and tuckers on' ladies' wa!s*i
MARKS BROS., 1220 Market st.-'
iV'OMAN. capable of earning good Income ta
enter business. Box 1532. Call office. *
3v"ERATORS. finishers, also apprentices. 359
Clementina st.
LUCRATIVE position open for refined lady
with knowledge of music. Box 1891. CaM.
fIRST-CLASS waist. \u25a0 skirt and, coat- *>»»4a.
Apply to J. BAER. 1200 GeiTT St.
THE 3@f CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKEXS Proprietor
Address Communication* to
JOHN* McN'AIGHT .Manager
U r . J. SlAltTiy....jjuslncss_9lanager
TELEPHONE. *
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You
Publication Omo» Market and Third. S. F.
E^ioriai Roonr.s 217 to 221 Btevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 CU. Per VTeek. 75
Ct*. P»r Mcr.th. Sincl* Copies 6 CU.
Tmns by lIrU, Including Postage (Cash witn
Order): .. ««
DAILT CALL, (ir.clud. Sunday). I year... ssoo
DAILY CALL, (IncJiid. Sunday). 6 mos... 4_w
DAILY CALL— By Sincle Month «•»«
BITCDAY CALL, 1 Year -j^
WEEK.LT CALL, 1 Year 'i"l*iiS
f Pai'v . ,$S SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN I bSSS&TZu Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ Weekly. 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Bucpl* Ccstes will be forwarded when re-
SUestffl.
Mail *üb»erlber« In ordering change of afl-
dr«-n should be particular to give both NETtt
AKD OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prosit *=d correct compliance with their re-
guesl.
Oakland office:
U)l< Broadway Telephcn* Main 10S3
BERKEX.ET OFFICE:
Cl4B Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EXirUEL W. WALL. Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
CnJon Equar-; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
lie t^; and Hcffn-.aa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherroan House; I. O. Newt Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hct«l; Palmer noi*e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building:.
(Lorg DJttance Telephone. '•Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. 5M1TH.... 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
. BtrsnVESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corrxr Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
lOOS Market street. cjsi»osite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
827 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until
*:30 p. ra.
800 Hayes street; oren until 0:30 p. ra.
63» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C2!> Larkls street; cpen ur.til :»:30 p. m.
IH4I Mission street; open ur.til 10 p. ra.
lOti Flu i if li street; open until 9p. m.
JPP6 Valencia ftrcet; open ur.til 9 p. m.
KortheaFt comrr Church and Duncan streets;
or>en urtl! 9 r. m.
gy^O F-.llrr.ore strfrt; eppn ur.til 9 p. m.
aiEETHfO NOTICES.
CAN FRANCISCO Lodce. U. D.. F. & »
A. M.. Mi&sicn Trniplr — Third decree VV
THIS (TUESDAY) KVKNING at h
o'clock. M.-.-:. :\u25a0 Ma*ors cordially in-
vited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. SO. F. & A. <«
M — Called Me*-ti:irs. TUESDAY and >fSf
WEDNESDAY, at 7:30 oclock. Sec- /Sf\
ond and third d<?£rees. respectively.
By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
\u25a0 ORIENTAL L-.-xice No. 144. F. &A. M.. a
Masonic Twnple— Second dep-ee THIS VV
(TVEifDAY) EVENING. at 7:SO/VS
o'clock. Master Masons cordially ln-
vite<:. HENRY E. PENNELL, W*. M.
A. S. HIUBARD, Secretarj-.
TEMPLAR Lr-dpe No. 17. I. O. O. ,****<..
V Ir.ttiati n THIS (TUESDAY) ->^323*ir»-
EVENIXG. Vifcitlns 11.-:1 1 .-: h<= rs sCT^s?Ci£
cordially Invited. **^SSR*"
JOHN ROCK. N. G.
VNITY L."d?e No. 131. I. O. Q. F-. ***&,
: * '. Sixteenth a- i %"<;:\u25a0: -:i --^l^S^Jr.
streets- i pen meeting VHIS
<Tt"ESDAY) EVENING. In <%7<\ t r&
honcr at Brother Past Grand Master Wil-
liam H. lisrr.es" peventieth birthday. Vislt-
icz brethren and friends cordially invited.
E. H. ANDREWS. N. G.
A. P. BF.ITTON. Recording Secretarj".
MABIKE Knjrtr.eerf" Brrficial Association No.
i>5 — Mcrr.bert- are hereby nctifled to attend
the regular meeting of the Marine Engineers"
Beneficial As*_>ciat:on No. September 27,
at 8 o'clock p. m., at the hall of the asso-
ciation. ."«» East s*.. San Francisco. Cal
Nominations for elective officers) of the asso-
ciation for IMS will l*> In order.
RICHAF.D J. MfRRAY, President.
W. M. COOMBS, C. anl It. S<*cretary.
ETOCKHOLDEP.S' rr.eeting.— Notice is hereby
riven thit the annual rr.eetins of th? stock-
holders ft the r...- - of California will be held
at the bankinr-houfo in this i-ity on TL'ES-
DAY. October 11. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m.
By crder c' th» Bnar>l rf I>'rectors
ALLEN M. clay. Secretary.
_^ _ AGENTS WAKTEO.
AGENTS— An aper.cy for a proposition that is
a trtiiei improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Westprn Improve-
ment Cpmpany. Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED canvassers. 56 to $3 day. 1114
Washington St.. Oakland, r. 3: 10 to 12 am.
ASTgQLOGT.
ZOEEIDE — ASTP.OI^OGER.
Ccrrect advice en busineys anl investments
& Mascn st.: hours IC-12 and 2-5.
A TOI^jrEWIT-LAW.
H. VT. KING. Attome; -at-Law. Exam. bM^T
Cth Cocr:, entrance room till; established 20
years: ail courts, general court and office
practice; r.o fee in advance or for oonsuMa-
tlon ; eventr.ft by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free on all l<-p a i matters; divorces"!
specialty; rrivate. quick; no i*y in advance:
tn:nlr.R ccmpanie» orjrinized; patents obtained
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.; eriab. 22 yrs." :
AAA— DXVOBCB cost*. $12; quick, quiet.
Advice free; pl law bu^ines*.
No charce ur.!e-.g successful .
1005 Market st.. cor. Seventh, room 419.
AA— Blvon-e:costs $I2:qulck.quiet: advice free-
all law business; no . harre unless rucce»s-
ful; c^pen evcnir.c;». 027 Market St.. rrxim SOI.
AD'^CE free; divorce cofta $12; no .fees or
costs In advanoe; all law business; office
open Saturday evenir.es. SI3 Market st.. r. 33.
ADVICE free; divorce cons US; quick, quiet: I
8.11 law bue!r.»-ssi; xiv unless succs*-
ful: ci.en <venir.ry. f»27 Market, room 204.
ADVICE free. Cotofßttea I^w ar.d Coliertlon
Aggf-cy. room S5. QIC Market: tel. Jchn «22<J.
TATENTS. American ar.d~fcreicn. SONtTg t S
PATENT AGENCY. 214 Pine st . Cth floor.
L. S. CLARK. fC7 Market, room ii>4; consulta-
tion free; r.o feet in advance; open eveninja.
COLLECTIONS, ter.ir.t* ejected^ mechanic*
l'.er.s probfite Af.crney.C32 Market st..room i'J. :
ASTHMA CUBE.
131 NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relie\-e!Tlnstantl>~
10c. ?sc. W>c. WC Market. Pt. Nicholas;
alto Withart, 10th and Washington. Oakland.
APTOKqBII.i:S.
IVDCOMOBILE. 10 -horsepower; 2 s»»«ts- In
good running crd«r. Call 473 Valencia et.
BIRDS. DOGS. STC. '
HAHT7 Mountain ranari«» & African gray par-
rot». jvl recetTetf. A. C Robtocn. 3J3 Ke«.rcr.
CAgPET BEATOO AWD CLE A yiWO.
•COVPR^S.SKD Air ar.d Vacuum Prcccse. usej '
for clean!:;* carpet* ca f.oor without retrcval;
c««r r >cts auJ ru£i tlta cleaned by compressed
•:r ct Ehf.n; prire* moderate. S. F. Com- •
rr«*«d A.r Cleaning Co.. 30S Market st.; |
pooncb Mam *. ".2 and Bush 479.
TTHEN you bercm« disgusted with your work
i<r.d for EPAULDING'S Plcneer C*rp«t-b«at- .
Ing r.crk*. r.*'-".'-7 Tf harr.a ct. Tel. South 40. :
tTKSTERN Carpet Cleaning Worko. ISO 9 Har-
r'K-n bt.: Al c>ar.!r.R. Cc FRED HAGB-
I-OHN * CO.: r-hcr.e Mirsicn 225.
MITCHELL'S. 249 Fourteenth *.— First-cUss !
carpft cleaning. Sc yard. TV!. Mission 74.
CCNK LIN'S Superior Carpet Beating Works,
ZXi GolJen Gate ax-«. Telephone Eaet 126. '
HOPKE BKOS.:exc»l!»Tit carpet beating: mat-
tretset s:ade ever. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaslrg C 0..402. .402 Butter *.: •
tel. Main 25*. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props. 1
BCDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beatlzg works; prices
nuoabie. 1703 Harrison si ;tel. Missies "62.
GOOD care; reasonable terms. Call or address
• MRS. M. L. CLEAVES. 27th aye., Frultvale.
WANTED— A child to board: terms reason-
able. Apply at Ste Seventh st.
d.OTHHTQ BENOYATIWg.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bids., r. 410;
phone Drumni 44. Call for "and deliver free.
COT^^OTtOVJiTTICpB.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery at., room 3 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
BUSHTEBS CHANCES.
A— s26so; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon In manufac-
turing town across the bay; a good paying
business. See-R. G. WILKE. 2t>4 Kearny.
A— 51500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: close
to 4 theaters; rent $100; well established
business; full value In sight; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A— sosoo; LIVERY and boarding stable acrosa
the bay; 21 hones. 2 haexs. 1 coupe. 18
buggies, harnesses, etc.; 23 steady boarders;
stable doing a first-class paying business;
rent 175. See R. G. WILKE. 2T>4 Kearny.
A— sl6oo: COUNTRY hotel about 35 mile*
from this city; 39 beds. 60 boarders, fins
barroom with eood. trade; clone to depot. In
lively business town; place making money;
owner to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
V 64 Kearny st.
A— s2soo; SUMMER and winter resort across
the bay- beautiful beer garden; house of 20
rooms; 2 bars, pavilion 102x50 feet, merry-
go-round, etc.; lease 4 years; rent $50; pa-
vilion sublet every month for $100; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— s2soo; MANUFACTURING business: rent
$50; the best opening for a trade on this
coast: rare and good chance. See, R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— s66o; CORNER saloon, with 5 years' lease:
very best location and a good-paying busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— s9oo; COMMISSION business; established
many years; rent $80; best location: Investi-
gate; this is a very rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A— $1000; BAKERY: best location In the Mis-
sion: rent $45; all store trade; baking 14
barrels per day; 4 years' leas«e: 6 living
rooms. See R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny at.
A—s4oo;A — $400; RESTAURANT and chophouse; oppo-
site carhouse; rent $16; a pood-paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— s2soo: HOTEL, with 27 furnished rooms,
across the by; 5 years' lease; rent $75; busi-
ness first class, paying: finest location In
pood business town. R. G. WILKE, 264
Kearny »t .
A— s9oo; CORNER saloon on Fourth St.: rent
$30; living rooms; lease; a place established
years and well paying. See R. G. WILKE,
264 Kearny st.
A— sl2oo: CORNER ealocn on Folsom st.; rent
$26; place doing a first-class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny 6t.
A— sl7so; BAKERY, estab. many years; daily
receipts $50: baking 34 barrels day: very best
locafn. Particulars R.G.WILKE.264 Kearny.
$2000— BARBER shop; 4 chairs; elegant fix-
tures and clearing at least $50 per week;
rent $75, Including 7 rooms; located in the
choicest business part of this city. Call R.
G. WILKE. 264 Kearny St.
A— s7so: DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
. faxiry grocery; 4 nice living rooms; r*nt $25:
daily re'.eir>ts about $20; best location north
of Slarket St. Call R. G. WILKE. 264
Ktarny ft.
A—sln<o:A — $1n<0: COItNER saloon: about 1 block from
Chronicle building: lease: one of the best lo-
cati. ns :n this city; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. J6>rs Kearny st.
A.— tCSOO; SALOON, one of the best on Market
»t.: 44-year, lease; rent $107; place is ele-
gancy Fited up and never clearing less than
f.SSO rer month. See R. G. WILKE. 264
Kearny St.
A—s26oo:A — $2600: HOTEL in San Mateo Co.; 2S fur-
nished rooms, dining and bar room, bowling
alley and d^nce ravflion: rent $100; horse,
wagon and 3 cows; 5-year lease. See R. G.
WILKE. 264 Kearny st.
A—s3soo:A — $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $<X): living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $L'*oo; a well established and
first -class paying business. - See R. G.
WILKE, 26' i Kearny at.
A— s*Go: CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
rent $50: place doing a fine business; sur-
rounded by wholesale houses; no nieht or
Sunday work. R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny.
A— sv^»oo; ELEGANT barroom, with mercan-
tile lunch; on Montgomery st.. vicinity of
California: place must be sacrificed on ac-
count cf i:i health of owner. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C4 Kearny st.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
IF you wish to buy or sell property of any
description do not fail to call upon us; we
may have just what you want to buy or a
purchaser for what you have to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH.
1312 Market st.
Rooms 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 3463.
STOREROOM with fixtures in very prominent
location en Market' St.; with leas* 24 years
to run. with privilege of renewal; will sell
lease and fixtures with or without stock;
cheapest rent on Market Et. for location.
J. W. JAQI'ITH. 1312 Market st.. rooms
41S-419: telephone Folsom 34CS.
THRKE nice groceries, fully stocked with first-
class goods: 2 with bars connected, one with-
out: all in good locations, residence districts;
rioine tlegant family business. J. W. JA-
QUITH. 1312 Market st.. rooms 41S-419;
tel^plione Fol*om
$750 — ASPHALTUM and bituminous works:
we'll established business; large stock and
tools on hand. Merchants' Ag'cy. 100S4 Mkt.
J6TO0 — WELL equipped stable; doing a large
buslnfws; value In sight; owner retiring.
MERCHANTS' AGENCY. 100S4 Market St.
WELL established commer. business for sale;
god chance for hustler to make money; price
me. Merchants" Agency. 100S4 Market st.
JCCO — Restaurant, north Market, near Kearny:
stand mves. ; rtnt J6O. BERG. 318 Kearny.
{150 — PARTNER: need partner more than
money: call at once. See BERG, 318 Kearny.
Fl2fO — SALOON: lease 4 years to run; rent
$50. See F. BERG. 318 Kearny st.
HOTEL and bar. $650. worth $1200; factory
dist.; ISfO employed; 16 well fur. rooms;
can accommodate .'5O; house full; rent $3S;
long lease. " HEDGES. 509 Parrott bldg.
BARGAIN: long lease; restaurant and oyster
hou:>e: 155S Market, nr. l.arkin: owner has
2 places; can't tend both; growing part city.
FOR tale — Saloon with license: good paying:
account departure. .Particulars box 1965, Call
RANTED- Partner, fine paying grocery and
bar on busy street: $2000. Box 1066. Call.
FOR tale at a sacrifice and agreeable terms,
or to lease tor ft or 10 years; a fine located
borne and established health resort. 27 rooms;
»cveral mineral • springs on It; old age the j
cause For particulars Inquire or call at
MRS. HOPFIN'S SPRING. Bartlett Springs.
Lake County. Cal. |
FHE real estate business of FRANK P. LEE, !
located at 911 Broadway, bet. fth and 9th <
»ts., Oakland, together with full office equip-
ment counters, desks, safe, typewriter, etc.
it for sale. Any one interested will kindly i
call at above address for further particulars.
R'ANTED— Husil«r with ability to sell candy :
on salary: $15 to $30 per week; must have a
little money to become a member of co-
operat!v» corporation under California laws.
•Apply immediately. KELLER CANDY CO.. i
477 Seventh St.. Oakland ;br»nch Ean Francisco
54000 — ONE of the nicest and best paying gen-
eral merchandise and fancy goods stores In San '
Francisco; full amount Invested; established '
17 year*: long leare; low rent; transfer cor- '
ncr; good reasons for disposal. J. C. SCOTT.
box 1255. Call office. •
\ COMPETENT business man with $2500 as !
i-ecretary of a substantial company; can clear
*W>CO a year: this u. T.I bear closest Investiga-
tion; money fully secured. 436 Crossley bldg. :
3AKERS, attention — The best bargain ever of-
fered In a bakery: 3 living rooms, with nice
store and fine brick oven. Call 2757 24th St., i
near Bryant. <
?OR tale — Restaurant In mining town in
Northern California: rent low; there Is a j
profit over expenses in regular boarders. Ftor
particulars, box 1200. Call office.
JOTEL and grocery store connected; In small
town, adjacent to San Francisco; a fine loca-
tion; town growing rapidly; Investigate. Box
1321. Call office.
3ROCERY and delicacy . store In rooming- .
house district; big trade: 4 living rooms:
w:n Invoice- over $1500; price $375. Apply 861
Valencia st.
: AM assisting In raising money for the clean-
est cut. \u25a0 most premising mining enterprise .
that I have ever known or heard of. A. I". 1
KARASOT3Y, 522 Crossl-y bldg.. S. F. 1
XODOINQ-HOPSES FOB SAMS — Con.
" LJ ' « , • ** ~— — -
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance.
Corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 0607.
Hotels, rooming and apartment houses for
6aJe. We guarantee good titles.
NEW BRICK BUILDING of 50 single rooms;
steam heated, electric elevator, electric
lights, electric bells, hot and cold
water In every room, every modern
Improvement, right down town, beau-
tiful furnishings, lease for 8 years,
quiet, transient: clears $351 monthly:
owner ' leaving for his Alaska mines:
terms ! ?2000 down and low Interest.
Only with MARION GRIFFIN.
GOOD 40-room corner hotel In nice location
north of Market; first-class boarders;
clears $150 monthly; Price $3000; %
down and small monthly payments;
owner will take $1000" of purchase price
in board at (10 per month. Exclusively
with MARION GRIFFIN.
LARGE] porches are- Joy producers anywhere.
Here they are and 14 large sunny
rooms: rent only $40: full of roomers;
price $1200 — cut to $700. half cash. .
MARION GRIFFIN is our only agent.
TRANSIENT CORNER HOUSE, 2 blocks
north of Market; 24 rooms; 1 floor;
easy taken care of; rent $S0 with lease;
rightly managed should clear $200 per
month; price $2400— reduced to $1300.
MARION GRIFFIN.
TO RENT — FURNISHED with mahogany and
flemish oak, velvet carpets; 10 rooms;
new building, newly painted and
beautifully tinted; north of Market.
- - - MARION GRIFFIN.
32 ROOMS for $3200; rent $175; central; north
of Market; clears $217 monthly: lease;
double frontage; books open for In-
spectlon. MARION GRIFFIN. .
WHAT DO YOU THINK of 36 rooms In the
center of the city for $40 rent? It's
In rood order, clean, light and sunny;
. clears $90 to $100 per month: a house
that caters to respectable working peo-
ple; ud to October 1 you can buy it
for $1200. Exclusively with
. MARION GRIFFIN.
TOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
IF YOU HAVE A LITTLE MONEY.
TERMS. U CASH
On these 5. We back you wtth %. see?
1.
NEW AND CLEAN: 14 rooms; 3 blocks north
of Market: price $950.
ON MARKET et.: 30 rooms; offices; new end
up to date; make offer.
3.
ON SUTTER; new and fine: boarding-house;
full stylish; 30 rooms; make offer.
4.
NEW apartment-house of 38 rooms; swell;
make offer: splendid location.
6.
GORGEOUSLY furnished family hotel of 75
rooms; -near Nob Hill: fine for a lady.
* MARION GRIFFIN.
The Real Estate Agent.
DOX'T MISS THESE.
42 rooms: corner. C blocks of Market: clears
$175; 5 years' lease: a well furnished house
21 rooms on Post St.; clears $119 monthly; a
good honest house.
11 rooms, S blocks north; $700: rent $15: will
exchange for a. large house and pay cash dif-
ference.
24 rooms; near Market; rent $35; clears $75
monthly: housekeeping-; a good respectable
house that can be bought at a bargain.
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room No. 406
Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market. '
HOTEL AND ROOMING HOUSE.
109 rooms In best location In city; central:
has cleared $2453 net in last 7 months:
owner must
co to Europe to settle
an estate; offer wanted.
MARION GRIFFIN. Room 4C«. Examiner bids
BARGAIN— 22 r. ; fine location; full and pay-
ing over $100 mo.; a bargain; owner to retire
account sickness and old age; price $1400;
easiest terms. Box 1131. Call. .
10 ROOMS, newly furnUhed; central location;
rent only $60: clears $40 per month above
expenses. J. W. JAQUITH. 1312 Market et..
rooms 418-419.; tel. Folsom 3465.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE of 10 rooms, comfort-
ably furnished, for sale, reasonable. 511
Golden Gate avc.
SPIRITS AI.ISM.
MOVED— Mrs. J. J. Whitney, clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. St.
Kathryn, 480 Ellis st.. corner Leavenworth.
room 221; no signs.
Mrs. H. Ragon & C. V. Miller's benefit trum-
pet materializing seance to-night, 8. 1084 Bush.
W. O. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night;
10c; come skeptics. 619 McAllister St.
DEAD — Trance medium; genuine, unique, suc-
cessful. 325 Ellis st.
C.MAYO STEERS ;psychic readings by mall $1.
33CS 17th st.. ban Francisco: tel. Caop 556.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A PHENOMENAL $5 Mental Reading for $L
ELLSMERE— ELUSMERE.
Egyptian Seer. Clairvoyant, Palmist.
I tell your name and what you came for;
whom and when you marry; how to achieve
the greatest success in business, prolong your
life, cain perfect health, become magnetic,
obtain mental poise, physical strength, over-
come fstir. depression or doubt; I create the
power of control in you thai you may fasci-
nate the one you wish; give good luck/remove
spells, evil Influence, discords In family or
social affairs; reunltfi th? separated; restore
lost affection; obtain a better business posi-
tion, or what you wish; where to locate, when
to travel; I can Improve your condition and
tell if husband, wife or loved one is true to
you; I positively guarantee to hasten' 'mar-
riage and secure marriage with oue of your
choice; 1 givn suggestion: teach clairvoyance,
develop mediunishiy, thought transference,
etc., by mall $2: at office Sunday and every
day. 10 to 8: advice on speculation, invest-
men: and all affairs of life. 1007H Market st.
A— PROF. MAYO,
The Greatest LJvtos Adviser on the
Continent.
Special this week full-life readings. $1; satis-
faction guaranteed or. no fee accepted. At a
Slanci. .before you have a chance to utter one
R'ord. he will tell you what you came for: give
names, dates, facts and figures: he tells you
svery wish of your life; how to gain success in
!Qve, courtship, marriage and divorce; whether
i-iiu will be successful In business affairs; in
fact, no matter what may be your fear, hop« or
imbition. call en this gifted man and find re-
lief. His descriptions of your friends and
?nemlc« are as real as thougn they stood be-
'ore you. He will send you away happier,
a-lscr and bolder than before. He tells you
•verythlng — good or bad; you hear the truth
md nothing but the truth.
All business confidential.
421 Ellis st.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.. daily and Sunday.
IVA— CALL, at once and save $4.
My famous $5 readings this week for $1. •
PAUL DESTINE.
rhe First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
Ido hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to 3
nake no charge It I fall to tell your came and
vhat you want to know. I tell If husband, wife
>r sweetheart is true or false, whom and wh;a i
rou will marry; In fact. 1 will tell every hope,
'ear or ambition better than you can tell your-
telf. I will Improve your condition so you will j
the greatest possible strength In mental
md bodily vigor, and luck that insures success
n business, mining, speculation; I implant the
.•ontrolllos power in your nature so you can
ascln&te any one you desire, win the one you "
ove. bring back your loved one. and causs
uarrlase with one of choice. 10 a. m. to 3
>. m.; closed Sunday. 326 O'Farrell si. SSS.
IiME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS -
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma- j
nently located at 17 Third et.. next Examiner
bldg.: the reads ypur life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the "
present happenings and portrays events to •*
occur in the luture: If you are In trouble.
discontented or not satisfied with life, cr
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
bow to overcome them; valuable advice in "
all affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guar-
anteed: ooen Sundays. Tel. Black 4569.
I— Miss M. Wille. 330 Kill*, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and. life reader, will tell you exactly :
what. you called for without asking a ques- *\u25a0
lion; names given: special. $1: hours 10 to 8.
SMAR, Egyptian seeress. The' Vendome. 1104
Market «., San Francisco. Office hours— lo \
a. in. to 5 p. m. : Sundays,' 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8." Phone South 1141.
IME. .WALTERS, great card reader;, la. 25c, J
cents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sun.
IME. ODELL. clairvoyant, card reading, tea
leaves; 25c up. 612^4 Eddy St.; no sign. - ~
IMS. EUGENIE, the Chelro. reveals facts
that will astonish you. 478 A Turk at. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all klncU of business chances.
FOR aale — Well furnished B-room ark, moored
one hour's ride from city; fine chance for
summer outing, also for winter shooting and
fishing; completely furnished and equipped
for housekeeping; automatic generators for
making own gas; toilets, ctosets, everything
strictly new and modern: accommodates 12
people over night; perfect little home; owner
obliged to go East; make offer. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st. •. • \u25a0
FOR sale — First-class livery and boarding sta-
ble; best coast city In Caiirornia; BO stalls;
rent only .$75 per mo.; well stocked with
horses, buggies, hacks and coupes; long es-
tablished and doing a good business; owners
retiring cause of sale- CAMERON &. CO..
3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Several goo 4 business propositions
for investors, such Za first-class laundry.
Ice cream manufactory, bakeries, furnishing
goods, merchandise, Country hotels, restau-
rants and many othej propositions too num-
! erous to mention; wcftild be pleased to have
you call and Inspect' our list. CAMERON
fcCO., 3 Eddy st. [ .
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate.
rooming houses and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
AN Ideal resort, 30 minutes* ride from city
7 acres In shrubbery; 22 rooms furnished
2 bare, dancing pavilion, shooting gallery:
many other attract lot 15; rent $50 per month;
4 years' lease; sublets for $100 every Sun-
day; electric cars tflrect; clears $4000 per
year; price $2200. ''"or further particulars
sea CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
REALTY EXCHANGE} CO..
.F. A. BARR, MOR.,
SUITE 807 and 80S.? CALL BUILDING.
PROSPEROUS LAUIJDRY FOR SAI^E.
UNEQUALED OPPORTUNITY.
OVER $12,000 ANNIIAL NET PROFIT.
ONLY $15,000 CASH REQUIRED.
REMAINDER PURCHASE PRICE CAN BE
PAID OUT IN NET PROFITS.
OVERCROWDED WITH WORK AND NOW
DOING A MONTHLY BUSINESS OF OVER
TEN THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Can be increased to $15,000 monthly by
Investing a few thousand dollars In additional
machinery.
Best reasons for se'.'inir.
Tins OPPORTUNITY CANNOT BE DU-
PLICATED IN SAN if RANCISCO.
NO CURIOSITY SEEKERS WANTED, BUT
parties with capital aiii meaning business can
obtain full particulars' from
THE REALTY EXCHANGE CO..
Suite 607 and £08 Call Building.
WANTED — Party with some capital to In-
vest In Angora goats; have plenty of good
forare. Dairy, 1434 Howard St.. S. F.
F. L. SKAGGS & CO., hotel brokers. 26 Mont-
gomery St.. S. F. — Hotels bought, leased,
sold ond exchanged In any locality.
$223 — CORNER, branch bakery, candy, notion
and dear store; 6 living rooms. Inquire at
cigar store corner Sixth and Howard sts.
SNAP! restaurant now running: rent, including
tables, chairs and range, free; other furnish-
ings $50; 1 block from Chutes. 3300 Fulton st.
A RESTAURANT, partly furnished: Junction 3
lines; 610 Stanyan st., opp. park; rent $15;
good bus.; living rm; suit man, wife. Apply
there.
CANDY store, with or without factory; must
sell, other business the reason. 32S Hayes st.
FOR sale — Restaurant, north of Market; $750.
For particulars, address box 1926, Call office.
$1000 BUYS half interest In valuable mining
invention; no agents. M., 832 Linden St.,
Oakland.
$600 — Half Interest in well-established, good-
paying business. Apply at once, 530 Four-
teenth Ft., Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale In vicinity of Devi»a-
dero street; good location. Box 1529, Call.
WANTED — To tell dressmaking and hairdress-
lng budness; sickness cause. Box 1733. Call.
GOOD paying grocery and bar for sale; reason-
able; good location. Box 11S3. Call office.
CIGAR ytand. for sale, near City Hall. Box
1052. Call office.
SALOON for jale; cheap; good location. 838
Broadway. Oakland.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Oren until 11 p. m.
I.ODQIWQ-HOXTSES TOB SAI.B.
A — CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business ' Chances.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nlsh?d; cheaD rent; 10 years' lease; close In;
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance S
per cent per annum; departure.
23 rooms: central; 4-year lease; clears $103
over all expenses; most elegantly furnished and
equipped little apartment-house in city; call
for full particulars; only with us.
90-room. new modern 2 and 3 room apart-
ment-house; cheap rent; most elegantly
equipped in city; 5 years' lease; every appoint-
ment heart could wish; this little gem at bar-
tain on account sickness.
45 rooms; rent only $125; first-class location;
well furnished and good running order; clear-
Ing now over $2ix> per month; always full; best
buy in city; account sickness; price $4500.
ISO rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease: paying $300 to $COO per month:
close In: full of nice people; bargain if taken
it once; dissolution of partnership.
32 rooms: cheap rent: 2 years' lease: fine
Jowntown location: 2 entrances; everything in
flrst-class condition; good furniture and car-
petsS: clearing now $200 per month; If run
transient can clear 5300 to $350 per month;
tiere is best proposition In city.
7-room modern flat, close in, well furnished:
:ost $600; a bargain If sold at once; $300.
26 rooms; new and elegantly furnished; on
sutt»r; paying a handsome profit on Invest-
ment; call for particulars.
108 rooms: rent only $5 50 per room: long
ease, up-to-date, downtown, modern house;
>lectric light;, bells and elevator: all light
•ooms, well furnished throughout: chance of
Ifetlme to set first-class house that Is clear-
ng $350 to $450 at bargain: owner obliged to
cave for Europe to settle an estate; make
jffer: exclusively with us.
30 rooms; newly furnished throughout: flve-
rt&r \ta.te; downtown; fine respectable money-
naklng house; part down, balance reasonable
htereM.
©-room flat: rent only $50: water free: oak
'umlture; good carpets; must sell by Septem-
>er 6; price $400.
I2S rooms: cheap rent: long lease; flrst-class.
ip-to-date downtown house; well furnished;
ilearlng $500 to $600 per month; must sell on
iccount of other business: only with us.
65 rooms; best downtown commercial house
r. city: clearing now $300 per month; every-
htng first-class condition; will trade for Oak-
and. Alameda or Berkeley property or ranch
n California; must leave city.
21 rooms: cheap rent; very central: good !
urnlture and carpets: clears $100 per month: 1
nust leave city; make an offer. . <
60 rooms; new, modern building; elegantly :
'urnlshed; close In; full flrst-class people;
bearing a handsome profit; fine opportunity to :
;et an, up-to-date house reasonable: sickness. :
24 rooms: rent $I*s: new and elegantly fur- '
llshed: cak and mahogany; fine proposition;
rood lease.
16 rooms: rent $65: good furniture and car-
ets; always full; must sell within next ten
lays; leaving city; make offer.
84 rooms; cheap rent; thoroughly renovated:
ill in fine shape: fine little apartment- house;
\u25a0Ifars $150; reduced to $2SOO.
Large list of real estate, roomlng-housw and
rtiaSness for exchange or trade always on hand.
--:,.'\u25a0' CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy at. '
XT a sacrifice: must raise money; house of 12
rooms; all rented; new carpets and furniture; 1
rent $55; marine view; and a number of other \
bargains In lodging- houses ar.d real estsle; J
nothing misrepresented. San Francisco Credit
Co.. 10 Turk st.; phone Mint 741.
MITCHELL & CO i
1206 Market st Phcne Jessie 2931 "
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels and .
flats sold to *u!t purchasers; titles guaranteed. 1
MITCHELL & C 0..........;..
rOR SALE — 9-room house and furatturs. "Call J
at 728 Howard st. iTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 27. 1901
11
SEAL ESTATE — C1TT— rOB^SAJ^
20 Montgomery st.
' Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesrooms
Tuesday. September 27. 1904. at 12 o'clock
noon.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
29C4 Jackson St.. north line. bet. Broderlck
and Baker; desirable two-story residence; 10
rooms and bath; lot 26:0x100; subject to
! confirmation by Superior Court.
DOWNTOWN HOLDING.
C51-3-5-7 Washington st., south line, near
Kearny, and adjoining the Hall of Justice:
Improvements consist of a good 4-story
brick building, containing 3 stores anJ
lodclng-house of 24 rooms; rented low at
$143 per month.
CHOICE VALLEJO-ST RESIDENCE.
171 1 Vallejo st., north line, near Franklin;
elegant residence ©f 10 room* and bath:
large grounds and garden; commands good
marine view; lot 48:0x137:6.
CHOICE PINE-ST. HOLDINGS.
2715-17 Pine St.. south line. bet. Devlsad-ro
and Broderick: 2 well-built flats of « and S»
rooms and bath each, with driveway and
stable In rear; rents $60 per month; lot
25x137:6.
(2) '
2711 Pine s4.; 2-story and basement dwell-
ing of 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x137:*.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
1216 Fulton st., north line. bet. Scott and
Devisad*ro; good 2-story dwelling of 0
rooms and bath; rent $45 per mo.; lot 23x
137 * ti
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
17-19 Hampton place, oft south line of
Folsom et., b«t. Second and Third — Two
2-story dwellings of 8 rooms and bath each:
rents $48 per mo.: lot 41xS5.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Haight st.. south line. bet. Clayton and
Belvedere; lot 25x100. *
GROVE-6T. FLATS.
402-2& Grove st.. north line, bet. Gough
and Octavia sts.: 2 flats; 5 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $47 60 per mo.; lot 27:«x
DESIRABLE BUILDING LOTS.
(1)
Jackson et.. south line, bet. Cherry and
First ave.; bulldlnx lot. 27x128:4.
(2)
Washington St., north line. bet. Cherry j
and Flret ave.; building lot. 27x123:4.
8EVENTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
* 300 Seventh at., bet. Folsom and Harri-
son; improvements consist of 3 tenements
of 4 anri 5 rooms each; rents $3S per mo.;
lot 25x75. A splendid holding, which Is
bound to enhance In value.
MORRIS AVE. FLATS.
(.1)
108-S»4 Morris ave., off Bryant St.. bet.
6tb and 6th sts. : 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms
each; rents $23 per mo.; lot 20x73.
(2)
110-110H Morris ave.; 2 flats. 3 and 4
rooms each: rent $25 per mo.: lot 20x75.
MINNA-ST. INVESTMENT.
671 Minna street, south line, bet. 7th and
8th sts.; cottage of 4 rooms, rented nom-
inally for $15 per mo.: lot 20x69.
MANUFACTURING SITE.
North Point St.. north line. bet. Jones
and Leavenworth: lot 80x137:6.
For Catalogue and Further Particulars
Apply to
G. H- UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY STREET.
SPECK & CO..
209 MONTGOMERY ST.
Sellinc.- Rents Collected.
Leading. Insurance.
$200,000— Superb corner; vicinity Powell and
Ellis sts.; 3 frontages (one of 10O ft.)
and 2 corners; 5 story building, stores
and 85 rooms; can be leased for $1475
per month; 7 .1-3 net per cent Invest-
ment.
$02,500— North of and close to Market St.;
business and office property, under se-
cured lease; pays over 6V4 per cent net;
.lot 25x112 :« ft.
$32,5<X) — A fine northeast corner on FlMmore
ct., const t»t ins of :t stores and 4 flats;
lot 45x00; a good buy.
$25,000— $2400 yearly rent; $15,000 * per cent
bank mortgage can remain; lot SOx
137:6; close to Van Ness ave.
$18,000 — Splendid 60-foot business corner on
Deviaadero st.. south of Geary St.; rent-
Ing for $1512 yearly.
$17.000— Splendid Mission Income ' corner prop-
erty; rtore and Cats: rent $16C0 yearly;
lot 50x97:0; only half Improved.
$15,500—60 feet frontage: « Eddy st. flats;
two-storx and basement structure; rents
$127 50.
$14,000 — Three elegant new modern flats; de-
sirable part of Western Addition: 33-
foot lot; rents $1440 yearly; reasonable
offer entertained.
$7.250 — Two Hayes-st. flats; 5 and 6 rooms
and bath; lot 25x137:0 ft.: reduced
from $S0O0 to effect quick sale.
$6,000— Im-ome |t:i»« a year; six flats; one
block from Htbertila Bank and one-halt
' block from new Postofflce,
$4,SO0 — South of Market st. investment. pay-
Ing 17 per cent net; flats; 25 ft. lot;
Investigate.
$3,800 — Two Mission (warm belt) flats, near
ICth. st-; monthly Income $-10.
RESIDENCES. *
$14,500— Clay-st. residence, near Gough: north
side; 12 rooms and baths; delightful
site; lot 29x128 ft.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$35, OOO^— Northwest corner": unsurpassed ma-
rine view; 137:6xl2S ft.; three front-
ages: choicest residence section of San
Francisco.
$13,600— Fine lot on Eleventh st., near Fol-
. . som; 50x2C0 ft.; make offer.
$7,800 — Beautiful marine view lot: north
side Broadway, near Octavia St.: 27x
137:6: reduced price for quick sale.
$6,750 — 50x137:0: splendid residence site;
Pacific Heights; north side of street.
$4,000 — Market St.; 25x100: close to coming
business section.
$1,500 — each for very choice lots In Rich-
mond District; close to main entrance
Golden Gate Park; on four car lines;
nothing better In vicinity.
SPECK & CO.. 200 MONTGOMERY ST..
Opposite Mills Building.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
fl 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST.
Chclcst lots In the Excelsior Homestead
Tract- level as a billiard table; on street
grade: close to fine school: not far from the
Mlsston-st. electric cars: secure one as an
Investment and by the time It is paid for It
wtll have doubled in value the way prices
bave advanced during the past year; bay
now before vrlces become prohibitive in this
rapivlly growing sectloa.'
• \u25a0 W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., r. 8. Phone Mam 3704
|1150— COR. Silver ave. and Congdon; cottage
4 rooms: must be sold soon.
$10C0 — Cottage. 4 rooms: 220 28th st: will
loan *1200 on this place. D. COFFIN &
CO., 252S Mission St.. near 21st.
WESTERN Addition home. 1919 Ellis st. : mod-
ern 9 r., bath: lot 23x137:6; open for Inspec-
tion to-day; can be changed Into flats at
slirht cost. \u25a0 .\u25a0"';-,
$4100— TWO sunny flats, 11 rooms: cottage of
4 rooms in rear; all In first class order.
210 Valley St. ' \u25a0 '
ONE large block; will be very valuable in near
future for building lots. M. SALOMON, 819
Market st; --'\u25a0> .-;
A $20C0 HOME built to suit you, lot Included,
any location, en $1 25 per week. Mutual
Home Building Association. 427 Crossley bid.
$10.25O^-Three new, modern 6-room flats; all
latest Improvements: rents $1200 per annum.
Apply J. H. KKCSK. 23d and Shotwell sts.
A FINE building site; near Twenty-flfth-st.
station, on Valencia st. ; make offer. Box
1040, Call office.
ALL work guaranteed first class by AHL-
BACH A MAYER, plumbers. S3* Howard st.
A WEEK'S news tor S cents — The Weekly Cail.
18 par**- In wrapper, for malilnir. St p«r yeax.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
TO EXCHANGE.
For unlncnmbered country real estate north
of Bsn Francisco, equity of $5550 In Berke- j
ley retldenee; lot 43xlS5: house of 8 rooms.
ras lighted: separate servant's room and
toilet: porcelain bath; large storeroom; new-
ly painted, pepered and tinted throughout;
good stable and chicken house; outbuildings
and fences - newly painted; value $0000; I
mortgage $2450 can stand; Berkeley values
Increasing; location, desirable residence sec-
tion; school in same block; six blocks from
entrance to university grounds; convenient
to steam and electric cars; street work com-
plete and In first-class condition: stone side-
walk; owner leaving. Address for next ten
days only. Ownsr. box 1653. Call office.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
1C0- ACRE fruit ranch at Porterville. In full
besrlns; moctly prunes, some peaches. -16 acres i
alfalfa, splendid buildings, all necessary fruit '
houses, drier and trays. In fact fully equipped
for handling the crop; price $30,000; will sell
on easy terms or exchange for good property
la San Francisco or Oakland; good reasons for
belling. .
. . - . . J. H. EDSON.- Sole Agent.
14 and 13 Bacon block.
Oakland. CaL,
GOOD paylne boarding house, saloon -and cash
; . money for cheap lot and cottage. Call or ad-
drasa at »h» ITntvaml U»».l . BK o»->«— * -»
HEAIi ESTATE— COITNTaY— -for Sal*.
CATTLE ranch. 175O acrer. Sonoma County.
lyiriS west of ?ka;g* Springs: Gualala River
nms tfcrousb ranch; fine fre«i. scattering
timber and tantiark plentiful; numerous
springs; S acres in fruit; 40 la grain: hous-.
barn, corrals, chicken ncose*. etc. : grand
trout stream and deer nlsntirul: 300O acr»s
fenced; price of the 17jo at-res deeded land.
$1 -'.h-o. t>. M. HANLON. im Crocker bMs-
NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERS. ~~~
Largo and small farms In all parti of ttw
State, suitable for frnit, alfalfa and all kinds
cf grain and vegetables. Flrst-oia.-s Irrigable
lands, suitable fcr colonies. Large and selected
tracts of rftlwccd acd sugar pine timber. Also
excellent dairy and stock ranges. Title*. V. d.
Patent. Parties desiring to buy or s*ll are
Invited to. call on or ad>1re»s PACIFIC STATES
LAND CO.. 607 Montgomery st., S. F.
FOR sale — 20 acres wet to apples. 1 to 4 years
old; ti acres raspberries betwrm trees: new
laml; one mt!e from electric road. S miles
from town. Particulars box -14, SebaXopol.
Sonorr.a Co., Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal f^r catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WtK»3TER CO..
•MS Market st \u25a0
$3C0O— :o-.\f.-RE prtrre orchard: h<ru«*> with
« rooms: barn, windmill, tank; Improvement*
worth $1000. Inquire of L. F. B. FOHE-
\u25a0WORTHY. Union ave.. Campbell. CaK
20 ACRES: 6-room hous?: barn, windmill: Im-
plements; near creamery and school: Irriga-
tion ditch through place. E. LEONARD.
Lathrop Cal.
ALL or any part of 43 acres Al cultivated val-
loy loam, no adobe, no waste, nearly adjoin-
ing Napa at $00 per acre: cash or terms;
can't be equaled for >100. SICKELS. « Geary
BAWMATBO _ B g A f'_ _ SirrATO ' . -^
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo elec-
tric cars: 45 minutes from 5th and Market
st*. ; outside the fee belt and Just beyond
where the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cutoff"
will loin the main lin#; second subdivision
now belnx offered; 50- foot lots from $400 up:
terms, first two subdivisions only $10 down
and $10 a month; sewer and water pipes la
front of every lot: rur* artesian well water;
half the lots in subdivision No. , 1 were sold
In two weeks; an exceptional opportunity
to se:ure a lot In this desirable section on
easy terms: tak* the electrlo cars sxd f«t
off st LOMITA PARK: maps sent on appli-
cation.
SELBT. RODGER3 A CO..
Tel. Main 673. 118 California st.
CUIC-HJg 3&A1TC2ES.
IDEAL CHICKEN RANCIL
Orchard Vltw Tract, at San Leandro.
Subdividing fine orchard on gentle slop*;
die to suit: easy terms; plenty water: ftn«
fruit: call fcr detail*: go and sea Sunday.
Ownsr. 713 Mills bldg.
BSAIi ESTATE WAJmU). vC -'-
WANTED — Vacant lot or house and lot with
lease for term of years, for Dlant nursery.
Call or address F. A. MILLER. 21S H&yes-
CHEAP lot in Mi«*ion district; statins loca-
tion an<i Price. Builder, box 11*54. Call.
ROOMS FOB EOTJSXXEKPIXTO.
ALASKA. 27 — Furnished rooms for housek*ep-
lnz. or sln«le.
BRYANT. 41M — One larga room for house-
keeping: gas.
Bl'SII. Pll — Furnished room for slngte ren-
tleman.
EDDY, VZ> — Well furnished rooms. 2, 3 or 4;
gas ranges, baths, yard. etc.
EDDT. 804 — Houstekeeplny rooms: first floor:
front rooms; light and sunny.
ELLI^, . 126 (Royal House) — Incandescent
lights, reading-room, smoking-room ar.d la-
dies' parlor: rooms per night SSa to $1 50;
week, $- to $8; month. $S to $30: elevator;
rooms with hot and co'd water; baths.
FRFE list furnished rooms, cottages* and flats.
BATHIANS RENTING CO.. 235 Kearny at.
FRANKLIN. 151X — Sunny rooms with board;
hoir."" cooking; front hskpg suite; phone.bath.
GEART, 1225 — Compl-tely furnished sunny
suite for housekeeping; K»*> range; private
bath; marine view; rent $^O. Tel. Hyde 15C5.
HOWARD. SC2— 2 suites housekeepln* rooms;
also sin.-le.
HOWARD. 23S1 — 2 sunny well furnished
rooms; $10 or *ll: a'Julta.
JESSIE, 323 — - large sunny basement rooms;
gas aid coal range; $15 month: others.
JESSIE. S23— Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished, houaekeepinsr. $."; 75 week: others.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Thr«»-
roora sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. Ioe.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnUh»<l 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths; rates reas.
LAOITNA, 1507, corner Geary — Elegant sunny
rooms; bath; phone; new; reasonable. ,
LARK IN. 81»vi— Large, sunny housekeeping
room: gas stove; private; $13 month.
LEAVENWORTH, 606. nr. Geary — Two pleas-
ant sunny housekeeping rooms.
MAT BELLE, 202 Grove, corner. Van Ness —
Sunny fur. 3-room Van Ness suite; cms. bath
McALLISTER 1211 — Front room, bay-window;
privilege light housekeeping: 512.
NICE housekeeping rooms to let: all locations.
Phone Clay 000. or call 117 Sutter st.
OAK. 42. near Market — Furnished sunny doubl«
parlors; kitchen privilege If desired; also
siizle rooms.
OAK 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $2 to
$12": gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407 — Newly furnished; $4 per month to
right party: quiet, clean and bath.
PINE. 1900 — Suite of two rooms. $23 SO per
month; adults: strictly flrst-class.
POLK 605 — Parlor alcove suites; email kitch-
en; sunny: bath, gas stove; phon«: $13. $30*.
POST, 1037 — Newly furnished roomsv $S up;
also housekeeping room. $10; gas, bath, phone.
SACRAMENTO. 3019 — Elegant parlor sulta and
kitchen; new carpets; will furnish If wanted;
also single room, bath and phone; cheap.
SANCHEZ MS), cor. ISth — Bay-window sitting
room, alcove bedroom, kitchen; reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Two Iar*». sunny, oon-
necttaK rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping $20; one very larxs room, honse-
keeplny. $14. |
VAN NESS ave.. 1103. cor. Geary, phono Hyds
1S46— 2 beautiful, sunny, front suites for
housekeeping: all accommodations: «easons>bl«
APABTMCTT HOUHiSH.
HATES, 115— Modern apartments; gM raaffe.
runnlnc water and phone.
6T LOUtS, 1573 Jackson — Marine rftw; 8-4-9
rooms: turn, or unfur.; refs. TeL East 1330.
BOOKS TO UT— ynra. and Uafum.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st.— Rooms
23c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open ail nlffct.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or Nat 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. SOc $1. $1 50 nigit:
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all nlf»t.
BELMOND House, orer Owl dru* rtors, 2 en-
trances, 1128 Market aad 21 Turit— El»ctrlo
lights; running water In every room; 30»
rooms; 23c to SOc per nlxht; $1 28 to $3 w— X
BRYANT. 8517— L*rye. sunny, furnlshad front
room. j _______
FOLSOM, 645— Front and b*clt parlor; tar-
nished suitably for two or three.
FURNISHED rooms to let; all locations.
Phone Clay 9fl« or caU 117 Sntttr st. \u25a0
GRAND Southern. 7tll and Mission— Rooms 33«
to $1 23 nlrht; $1 50 to $,8 wk.; readla«-room.
GRANT ave.. 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny, frwt
suite; alao single rooms; $2 to $3 week.
HAYES. 136, cor. Van Ness — Sonny bt*>oom;
suitable for gent; $».
HOWARD." 715— Large sonny rooms a» W
rates; 25c to $1 day and $1 23 to $3 w—k.
JONES, K3. near Bush— Sunny front alcova
room, coxy corner. $20; also bouseke«pln«
rootas. very sunny. $27.
LARKIN. 8C4— snany back "room for 1 or 3
gentlemen; $6 per month.
MXRKET, 1040 <The FalmouUO—Sunay
rioms; hot. coUl water, elevator.
MASON 514, near Sutter — Furnished sunny
roams'; sulta or single: modern; reasonable.
PAGE. 177ft— 2 unfurnished rooms and bath.
FlNE. ITSa. block from Van Ness— 1 or %
fine rooms: bath, phone, etc.; reasonable.
post 8>n Large furnished room; running
water: for.l or 2 gents: references.
rVintimifttl o» Pan TwrdYav
HAVE VAPICTV Or HCPGHANDISC
FOR ANY NEED AS THE LARGEST
"~~" DEPART M ENT STORES
ZTEX.P WAJTTZp — SSAI.E.
AT C. IL ilANPIIN <t CO.>\ 4^» ESS* st-
Tor Urs« K"U niine i».«s here.
Starts miner* £ "'
ttuefcxra s * .
r«.~n.tura * 2 M
BltOsc carpenter for^raati 52 re- $4 50
SEE liUi-.S HLIlii
Futcnum. !„-* facturTTr". 5 IW
fir'.k.-ns laborers, new 1C R. \u25a0«*-"• S^RfiJ*
r*r t aliuct fl hU! «' l °- d * 3r
•niadiMrtaji tfatH* panes. ... State ;»f Oregon
• Contract n.r', ' ar * *' •'"
Ch***, wr'terr. |««tx«S, trllbnys; cltr end
jcuiu;; i best •• rrajea.
-C. n IIAKSEN £ CO.. 420 Bush et.
at xwiNM, i:?ipi/'Yi:s* ni:coiiD co.
Uookkaepcr. otuatrr. J.20-J and b^airf.
Two expert n • 1 >'\u25a0••& cUrks. clothlrg. ?C0.
*<nl»M- $i^ »i*k. namt b«* strictly sober.
Dteti is ctefc. country, trood wages.
ea!I In-urt 10 a. m. •
\\ :-.L;i"» trimmer end rarJ writw, ccuntry,
nod BMre*
(ialesmaa sroccis" ear.Jrl-s. raurt knot? city
U*6e. $109 £"<3 Bpward.
S.lk Bateaaan. ?S0. •
DtUeutttmea \u25a0\u25a01<sm»n ?l«> «efk
ICiio:.- to Mat*-. $-1 Jay. 8 hears.
Ad writer. $i<^>-
Glove — lfTT"". 5* week; t»o experience
OPiemtTf.
Fancy goodl miwtiecr. $100 to H50.
tu: \u25a0 em her, SSO.
JO r!.!Ctr riinpru. Alaska. $30 day.
509 HEAHST BLDO.
f»P.T »- oia KS^eimian: ?25 ar.d $27 60 week: 2
BiS&ers* $3 <iay; man about rtuce, $50 and
'f-ji.u. fsm:;^, !3i> and found; 2 boys ior
•s-tory. J25 to f3G: fc men for box fact«r>.
\u25a0- \u25a0\u25a0• ?•\u25a0 »\u25a0"> cr(.- «.n lijur; lanb?r t>il<*r. *•-•
rt'-J fesnd; screw turner fcr mill. $."0 anJ
vcr.d; C< carpenters for country. $4 day:
.:r!v. i-s Car country iT.i'.k vras&n. $H5 to $4>>
><H'i Vjarxl: elevator bey. $30; bak«-r's helj^'r,
f» creek ».::0 boasJ: firbt-<:la.«s :ty oook. $!-">
:• arrekj rtoks ani cih'irs. J. F. CROSC7T
i. CO . G2S P** "\u25a0**\u25a0** st.
AT HORD & GM1THS.
Oontrs.ctors' Ascntt. 93 Third st.
New raiTmsd »-crk. lust rtarted.
A foc'u ran'p snd cheap fare.
•Inroad gaus?. steam lite.
10 tcfcmsterii. $2 25. 10 tesms'.ers. $2 25.
Nf v«ia.— Ship To-day.
Teamster*. $2 SO.
r\ L. SKAOGS a CO., Hotel Brokers. r6
MoatSOOKry i=t., S. F.; furnish mana^ery.
stewards chefs clerks, cashiers, hmisekeep-
<-rs and head waiters fcr hotels, reams and
rltt*.
*.— H<jTEL GAZKTTE. 2« Montromery, r. 12^ —
. Pantryman. $45; colored waiter, i-',2.
VCASSTED — Youtig man for effle* of wholesale
h' u^-; beturta 16 and IS years of age; must
; f- pi«'i «t fijrures: wag»s to Etsrt $25; good
for advancement: give refer-
Tirrf. ixi*rier.ce. If any. Box 3008, Call.
«' ANTED — Errsnd bey. 14 to 16; a rood
i-h»iic for a boy v.ho Ik willing to make hlm-
w!f useful; references required. K1KK.
GEARY & CO.. 112 Geary B t-
U" ANTED— Fur fine city stc-re Jewelry sales-
man: -^. KlvitujT age. married or sir.sle,
rxperienoe. references and salary expected.
!^x 11>»>4. Call office.
3XE or two men to Ifarn a good trade; steady
wcrk; no \u25a0 :u: \u25a0 or Sunday work; $23 security
if<3uir»-d. Ai'uly 212 First Et.
VOl'N'J m«n with first-clars references of
|;<"xl :«jt.;1>. ar u traveling fal»ima'i for an
old <^-t*bilsh«>d wholes tile n»u«-. liox 2002.
•"all offic*.
BAHBKIi thcr; in business center; elegantly
RiLed; owner having another shop will sell
tfc'.F: .heap. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
A MAN or Indomitable r-nergy and push, a
' if-od 'slker, easrer to mak» money. F. PER-
SON. 477 lend 47S. Parratt building.
GI.rtMAN; ttnd bar: useful; wine hcune: Mate
aRe: city reference?. Bux 1V*j2. Call office.
C/lRBKR- rr^'erfnjr^: Saturday and Pwulay.
3dS3 T»enty -fourth et.
WANTED— A carnage blacktmlth. S2S Har-
rison «t.
R'AXTi;i» — Tounj harVr; 2 1 * years' experl-
cf>;-e. C>6 Folsom.
tt'ArCTED— E'.fvatiir boy at 23 Htockton «t.
WANTED— 0Jn.«i waiter: fteedy man; union
Irnutf MT Mor.uromery gt.
MV.S to t«kc four** cf ir.rtructloti in detcttive
%ork Oil' y.-.\iu<: rt.. room ie-4.
WANTED— A poTt*r. Olj-mpic Club. 524 Post
street.
WANTED— roojxr to trim whisky barrels. 24
<\>rr.rricre!a! A,
DTAKTSO — A good catmaker; $15 a week.
g*M Fourth tt.. room I.
KRRAND U>y wanted. 1134 Market St.
BABBE8 ehop. 2 chaiir. old esublishcd, r<>nt
only $$. ran be tK-urbt for less than *M0;
<bi*= ii< ti --.-. STOLTZ. barber supplies,
72.1 Mtrkf-t tt.
ngp*CHAIB b«rber shop for aale: half price,
J3o; also barber with few months' experl-
••Tio* wantrd. Apply Ca'.I office.
GWD payi.ig 4-chair barber shop fcr sale:
half <-«*h, bal. easy terms. E27 Sacramento.
BARP.KK shop for Eale; on account of other
t>utin«>s». !R«i5 Kisflon st.
CAREER — 3-chatr -hop for «sJe at eacriflce;
icn'l nits It. lfOO Va!<5ncia «t.
WANTED— Protestant Christian with a little
time or <*a>h to help me form a business com-
pany. Bcx 19W. Call cfBc«.
WANTED — Tourg man nlth $75 for Rood pay-
ing Lasi:jes6. Afidrets box 1500. Call office.
KHOHMAKER wanted. (83 Howard St.
WANTED— A bus us»d to outside work and
well ecqualsted Jn the dty; Milary. P. o.
bcx L''X)i.
DTASCTBO by wholesale h.ouse. brlrtt boy for
urn;.!, room: «tat«» age and refer«tire» in
c.wa handwriting. Box 17S5. Call office.
TV-INCIIKSTER Hotel. 44 Thrrd ft., near Mar-
ket— 7(iO room*; 33c eight: reading rooms;
free 'bpc an«J* bagxare to and from terry.
FIK?T-CLASS cutter of roo3 app»araace:
Kt«>e<!y noeltion to rig^t party. Apply S. N.
WOOD *^CO.. ltd Market »t.
WANTED— nrfct-class crvenhousn sardener
Box 1327. Call cfltoi.
. (..•. )A:y.;:i- — 3-cbair t>hcp for sale, doing- a rood
* bufln*r»: priet $223. Inquire at 228 Fourth st
£>nv xtr e»r.tral wxii* In wholerale boose; state
tre *t<i expsrienc*. Box I&34. Call offlc*.
•OKCQ rl.-ilt tvartrd. Addrt»» "Drucs," box
1KW. <*:i c4rto».
'.'<•\u25a0• i mats "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"• at 751 ilis5lcn St.. to lemrn
(l:s lATUtit :rnjL.
BOUTITOSS for intrchant tailor. J125 M*r-
h*i *t.. lwt»«-tn S«vtnth and Eighth its.
BOT xvaat»-a to wa*n ilihes. fill CAstro
»>trc*t.
VtAXFTS3> T>MtF ns«i »nd women, to learn
th- barber trade; n. new methoJ which en-
<*i-lc* the student to earn * aj;e* while he Is
ita.ra!n«: special .ladnc«aents this month:
lor tiartfruiars call tir ad&ress HAIGHT
Li'.ANCH. C<7 Comr.-.#rrjal bt.. 8. F.
MEN it learn barber trade; only eight w«efcs
r*«u!r«d: conaUr.t pract^e mat expert In-
HTOClMCl iK»iitions k»< uted: xp*c!al iniSuc*-
:n<-rit». this rucntlt: .catalozu* called free.
: KjJtr Brvttm Ccll^ee. CS5 Clay st.
•**• uatmployed cl*rk». bookkeepers, mefhaji-
U*. ftlrrned ar.d unskilled laborers, are invited
\u25a0 to reri«tr with as free of charge. HORD
nurd «t.. s. r.
WAN"n:D-M«i c»l boy« to learn plumblnc
trx2»; Oyw- Ttivr. Co. Eehool of Practical
J'iurr.l,:njr: «nt for cataliRue. Address 4973-5
Uatton »vf., HL L-.Ji:-. Mo.
WANTKD— Men and worr.cn to prepare for
GnvrrnmoRi-prttttlonK. Apply for free cata*
;oi;ue tivlns liarUcBtan*. Pacific Oorr#»r«ad-
«rnc« JntUtutf. Oranil bide. ltt» Mukrt st.
tVAN"Tni>— Labor-. -r and m^hanlcs to know
that Ed , Rolkin. Heno llow.i proprietor, bas
s«-3ed lnt r.w rozrsa to the Denver Hccse.
agI^,T»lrd St.; So rooms; 25c V> 50c per night.
tltV nur tr.rr.'* shows, union made: $1 and $Tw>
pair; frx>t-form shoe?, ?2 50: we pay espress
cbargrt. II 3d «t.. Exm. bld.:cpen till 9 p. m.
OOVERXMENT pofIt!onF~r:aIl at KS OolJen
Gat*' «ve.. room 7. for fw Information *«
to poEltlons. ••\u25a0\u25a0«i M tp, Uaiiu. etc.; day
•r *reainc» ~ ,
I.OST A2TD rOTTITP.
LOST— A payrbook with the Hibernia Savings
and 1-can Society of San Francisco in the
ramp of WILLIAM H. FERGUSON. No.
27G-1375. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
Incs an J Luan Society of San Francisco In
the namt; of MARY A. SWIFT. No. 194-630.
Finder will plca.fe return to bank.
LIKK FINDING MONEY:
Billing your eld gold and silver to the Mod-
ern Watch Case Factory to be made into new
whU-Ii cases. 220 Sutter st.
LOST — Lady's gold watch, diamond In back;
also tilue enameled gold fob with bear en-
grived, attached. Return 274S Steiner St.;
liberal reward.
LOST— On Park drive, black leather wallet
containing warehouse receipts and personal
paper*. Please phone Private 313.
V LOST— Pea/1 cross pin: suitable reward If re-
turned to J. M. GOEWEY. Occidental Hotel.
FOUND— On Geary et., near Stockton, puree
ar.U menpy. Apply 1183 Bush Et.
LO.ST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
I nnj Loan Society of Ean Francisco in the
, name, of CHRISTINE F. HAAKE or ALICE
HAAKE CHAStt, No. 274-7S9. The finder
will plea?* return to bank.
I LOST — A pursue containing a gold watch chain
I and some smAl English coins; reward of
I $20 for its return to porter of S. F. Press
j Club. 123 Ellis st.'
] LOST — All of our competitors; reduction In
price? and quality of stock did it. SHIBELET
THE FLORIST. 311 Sutter St.. phone Grant
107; 1204 Sutter st.. phone East 817.
riATTKESSES .-,3TT» -TXIiO'W3.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st.; phone South 216.
> MEPICAa. «
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me; my methods
are painless and reliable; no failures; no ex-
orbitant fets CONSULTATION AND AD-
VICE FREE; 17 years' experience In all fe-
male disorders; call or write. DR. WHITE,
702 Market ft. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES — If you ara In trouble, conflda In me.
Relief for Irregularities. Help for the un-
fcrtunate. My time is devoted exclusively to.
these conditions. I'm the only GRADUATE
physician here who can say this. Call or
write. Confidential. Em. 14 years. DR. R.
H. WE6T0N. office 305 KEARNY ST.
MRS. DR WYETH. specialist for all femai«
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOoSVi Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' specialist, now
visiting the leading sanitariums and mater-
nity homes of Europe, wtll return to San
Francisco on or about October 10 and will be
permanently located at 412 Taylor st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femals
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated:
adtice free. Office 1018 Market st.
LADIES, our regulator never falls; a protec-
tion without Internal medicine; price $2 per
box. FROST'S Chemical Agency. 1104 Mar-
ket st.. San Francisco.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HF.RBS:
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 51 1 A Leavenwofth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Kumround: safe, sure, never falls;
$'2. Gleason-Ruggles Drue Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2S95 Folscm st., corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; .*10.
iCSCEKi AITEOtrS—~^T»^ S AIiE.
WALLPAPER.
3»{.c— Per roll— 3%c.
7Hc, gold emboss-d; v.as 35c.
Everyday houkehcld pnlnt. $1 a gallon.
Tii«*' goods are flrst-cla&a. up to date.
Samples mailed; write us.
House painting, paper hanging:, whitening
and tinting. MERIGAN,
New store. 1424 KlMs st. and 1302 Webster
St.; phone Jackson 1321.
ID-HAND machinery, engines, boiler*, pumps,
pulleys, rhaftlng. etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: »»•« Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-1C.2 Beale St.
BOILERS, 'engines, id-band machinery. McIN-
TOKH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it
FOR sale — New and second-hand billiard and
pool tables: eayy payments; we rent tables
with privilege of bavins: modern bar fixtures;
<h«ap prices. rjRUNSWICK-BALKE-COL-
LENDER. GS2 Mission st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte. in rolls easy ti lay:
ne*ds no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for n»»w roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
LADY coins East will sell at sacrifice three
tailor-mad* suits; dark red. navy blue and
tan. sizes 3t> and 38; also light tan jacket.
Box 1738, Call office.
SAFES and DESKS — As we are going to move !
to New Montgomery st., and to avoid moving '
stock. .will sell at big cut in prices. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S1C MarX^t st.
100 TONS steam and blacksmiths' coal. $2 50
per long ton. cash; ex- yard corner Howard
and Spear sts. ; call at once; one-ton lots or
over
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
ginss. boilers, water pip*?, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND wharf plank. 4x12; pine. LE
ROY BP.UNDAGE. 2021 Seventeenth st.:
phone Foltiom 2326.
FOR eale — 1901 gasoline runabout; double en-
gine; $8<)0; cost $1350; good condition. Box
1728. Call office.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly, or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12. unetalrs.
THIiEE pups. 7 weeks old. and one full broke
bitch; high bred Irlth setters for i?Hle. 227
Nineteenth ave.. Richmond district. n
J. COOPER, gents' full-dress rental parlors,
moved from Palace Hotel to 21 Stockton St..
upstairs.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot- form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ELEGANT diamond ring $50; terms $5 per
montu. P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
FOR falo — Genuine water epanlel; young dogs
CHAF. COLEMAN. 426 Natoma st.. top floor.
FIVE fldrHty contracts; 27 weeks paid; cht-ap.
Box lfiSti. Call office.
SLOT machines, all kinds; lowest prices. Call or
write CAL. MACHINE CO.. 413 Sacramento.
j FINE diamond sunburst; 7 large stones; a
bargain; $350. 10 Sixth st.
1 ROOMS papered; $4 up: tinting. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 Third; tel.Maln 412.
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Mrkt.
DESKS bought. »old and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.: tel. South 811.
FOR sale — First-class new bricks. Apply DR.
C. C O'DONNELL. 1021% Market «t.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post et.
SOME good 2d-hu.nri gasoline engines. 1 to 12
h. p.. chop. E. B. BECK & CO., 122 Mkt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. ' THE HE~r3
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. .1. E. DOAK.-4G Fremont »t. ,-"
CHEAPEST and b«>st In America—The Weekly
. Call, lti pages, sent to any address In the
Uriitfrt State* or Canada one year fcr $1.
inscEiJiAwr^TT -W vnrrs.
BIG .prices paid for old gold, sealskins, dia-
monds, gents' full dress suits, etc.; send
postal card. LKJHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25
Etocktcn st. , . .
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. room'405. Adams
bldg.. 200 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3030.
HIGHEST prices for ladles', gents' cantoff cloth-
ing..etc. Tel._ DavU S25: tgQ Sacramento st.
A BIG price for. ladies' and gents' : castoff
clothing.' 922 Folsom St.; tel, Folsom 3522.
WANTED — M, HP. motor, vise, drill press and
tools for small shop. 618 Mission st. ,./,.;..
HIGHEST prices paid; gents* caatoff clothing
and shoes. Tel. Red 1544. CI5 Washington st. -
TILTON. wants good second-hand clothing am*
theatrical goods. 151 9th et.; tel. Jessie 2&SL
PEBSOJTAT.S — Contlnnea.
YOU can buy >75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and 51 50 per week. It BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Pest St.. near Powell.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds; easy payments.
P. V. GARIN. 138 Montgomery st.
EYES examined free. THOS. KOUKEWORTH.
optician. 15S4 Market et.. rm. 207; eat. lfcSl.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests for $14 75. Fred Wagnes. 850 Mar!:eC
fcuperfluom hair removed: electric needl*. Mrs.
Eaton, 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary. r.3S.
LADIES and gentlemen, you will find best hair
tcntc in the world at IS10 Sutter st. '
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDITM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to it°. natural color: $1: at all druggists'
PHYSICIANS A1TD STJR&EOHS, i&
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at €07 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dU-
eases cured ty Chinese herbs. 74B-3 Clay st.
PATEHT3.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
PBOPC^AIA^
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster Supplies — Office
Depot Quartermaster, 36 New Montgomery
St., San Francisco, Cal., September 8, 1904.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, subject to
usual conditions, will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m., September 23,
1904, Pacific standard time, and then opened,
for furnishing and delivering at the San
Francisco Depot. California, stationery,
- kitchen utensils, army ranees, lawn mowers,
hardware, paint, oil, etc. The United States
reserves th«? right to accept or reject any
cr ail proposals or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals to be marked. "Proposals for
Quartermaster Supplies No. 6970." and ad-
dressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. -Quarter-
master, U. S. A., Depot Quartermaster.
SaWrANCISCO. CAL.. September 24. 1904^
Fealeil proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. October
24. 1U04, and then opened for constructing
additions to Captains Quarters at Infantry
Cantonment. Presidio Of San Francisco, Cal.,
Including plumbing. Government reserves
tUe right to reject or. accept any or all bids
In whole or In part. Information fumlnhed
on application to WM. S. PATTEN, Assist-
ant Quartermaster General, Chief Quarter-
master.
A.GSVCTES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence Eollctt-
ed 35CS 17th St.. San Francisco. Tel.Capp 856.
AL'AMEDA ADVERT'S'MTS
AltAMEPA BEAIi ESTATE.
FOR sale^ — Fine corner store and living rooms
above: barn and outhojsea; lot 50x100; must
be sold; owner going away; price $330O.
Owner. Railroad ave. and Stanton St., Ala-
meda. . - -
ALAHEDA FUBXTISHED HOUSES.
WILL lease, to responsible people only, beauti-
ful home of 11 well furnl«hed rooms; large
grounds.' fruit trees, stable and carriage-
house: very reasonable; water free. Box
1514, Call office.
FIMJITVALE ADVEKT ? S ? TS
FOR SALE— $2750; It cost $3750: rents for $20
per month: 2 cottages on lot, 10x150. Apply
to S. S. AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty- third ave..
East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADYERT^M'TS
OFFICE, 101C BROADWAY. '
_ OAro&AEnP BEAT. ESTATE.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
10U0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
" BEAUTIFUL LATHAM TERRACE.
$375 and upward for 40- foot lots.
One-Mth cash, balance easy monthly pay-
ments.
Lots unsold in Latham Terrace are now to
be disposed of without increase In price,
although It Is well known that this prop-
erty, at the prices fixed. U by all odds the
cheapest and btst offering now on the mar-
ket east of Lake Merritt.
THIS GIVKS AN OPPORTUNITY WHICH
MILL NOT ESCA'PE WIDE AWAKE IN-
VESTORS AND HOME SEEKERS.
Latham Terrace fronts on East Twenty-sec-
ond, Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth sts..
and on Twenty-third. Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth avenue's; average height above
city base, 125 J'eet; sanitation perfect; great-
er freedom from fogs than elsewhere; cli-
mate solt and mild; street work comp!etely
finished, including cement sidewalks and ce-
ment curbing.
The prontrty is skirted by the Twenty-third
avenue electric car line and is intersected
. by the electric car line running direct from
Eighth and Broadway, giving rapid transit
to the narrow gauge station at Eighth and
Webster sts., and to the Twenty-third ave.
broad gauge ttaton, the latter being within
easy walking distance of the property.
The costly business structure? erected and In
process of bul'ding at the business center Of
the district, Fourteenth st. and Twenty-third
ave,, and the rapidly developing manufac-
turing intercuts along th- water front and
upper harbor basis are causing a strong re-
vival of interest and values In this section.
40-fcot lots &>75 and upward.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT.
10W BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCF.OFT. INC.. .
1000 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. \u2666_;'\u25a0*
$3200 — S4C0 down, balance gooil terms, will
buy a modern house of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 37:tixlir>: convenient to cars and Key
Route: North Oakland.
$2900 — 6-room cottage In West Oakland: mort-
ca£e of $1500 can remain; good lot.
f3Si)0 7-room modern house »n best of loca-
tion! 1 : convenient to cars; 4 minutes' v.alk
to Key Route station; lot 50x115; half
down, ?30 per month.
—142— — -
$2700 — 9-room house iu East Oakland; close
to trains: most conveniently arranged; if
you want a sood home don't pass this.
$3000 — Foreclosure sale: 7-room cottage: right
In town; this place must be told; make
offer. n V*
$2750 — Elegant story ami a half cottage of 6
room; all conveniences; in East Oakland;
' convenient to cars; terms,
jogoo — New colonial house; 7 large rooms;
sunny side; strictly modern; close to
schools, cars and Key Route train; small
payment -. down, balance monthly: lot Sox
106.
, 2004— •
$3250— Beautiful "little bungalow cottage of 5
rooms: clcse to Lake Merritt; close to
town: can arranffe^ satisfactory terms.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC.,
10UO Broadway. Oakland.
$300 CASH, $12 monthly — Chicken ranch; 2
acres land: fronting on two macadamized
streets; 3-room cottage; brooding-houses;
barn: 2 chicken-houses; Al brooder: 2 in-
cubators; fine well water: fruit trees; best
sandy loam soil; 3 blocks to electric cars
and public school: price. nil told $2000; If de-
Blred will self 1 acre and * improvements,
adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for
circular, 455 Seventh it., Oakland, opposite
Broadway station; carriage free. HENRY Z.
JONES,' owner, j.:." .. ..
LOOK THESE UP. .- " '
For. sale — Two.' flats Inelegant location; fine
income property; a genuine , bargain; - also lot
In . Mountain View Cemetery. 122 square feet
ccplng; perpetual care. Address box 1402, Call
office.- Oakland. '.-..> . .. .. ,
.OAKIAgn rUJRWX'rUBJB^ gOg^SAIiB. r
k TO-MORROW, the day for bargains In furnl-
": tuif. H. Schelbaas.Uta «t..cor.store.Oakland. i
UUK2AY i. READY. C34 ana l&u Clay st.
J Phone Main OMS.
I^p.dlns Employment and Labor Agents
\\<i H-ook the German. Frt-nch. Kalian.
Scandinavian. Gr.rk. .Spanish, Slavonian
an.l Daimh lar.guases. ;
i :o< ,?r f *5f <**«* U»04 We Hope to
tV.tjuO Men Work. Increase W.UAl.
i ... — CARPENTERS—
L ptiolrtcrer. $2 50 Cay.
-j carpenters. OOr fere; ?.| day
•» \u25a0biaclen. OCc fart; $1 per M.
r> w«>.«J worker*. CM; 5 bench hands. $00.
la ok- maker; II t.-u»h makers: band sawyer.
I'LLMUITRK. FARE PAID.
j- plumbers, no union, fi a day
« IRON MOLDKIiS.
buck coci.rr.t; 2 wraith lir.i.«-hers.
U?*;? trtniR >«""man. far* J2 t;0. $50 found.
i »wii uifprr. understands gas: er.jrlne. J4O fd.
J-'Vfnjan. snsclint «igino .lrfdK<-r. $75.
I *' 1 itHAY & laCAUY. U>1 and CIO Clay *t. >
„. , , '—\u25a0 MTiiBEB UYNDK'ATK— ~
-0 laborers, work on radroaJs. ?!30.
NEW JO1JS.
153 Woo-khuppers.
12 BOILERMAKRf;.
...m ' rmaker8 - 12 BoUermakeis.
wnSrif'JiS. \u25a0' i ''-' c ll0Ur - 32 & c to hour
FKEb Fare— —FREE Fare
Manager at cur office.
BOYS— BOYS— BOYS.
! -5 boys or fmag men, box factor}' *35 fd.
; teair.su ns, l;;rg._' ranch. $40 «nj found. '
Handy mj.n. Me usht»r- horse. S20 to $25 fU.
1 FABHa, DAIRIES, ETC.
. 14 cnorertMij. boys, see us. flo. $:!<•, $30 Td.
! 1*'J renersi firm hai.ds. rtejidy jobs. $30 fd.
1 12 milkers, variou* places. $:i0, fo3 found.
. BAKERS.
i Frrenan c.ikc bakrr, PX, week.
; 3 helper?, difteient bakeries. $20, $25. $35 fd.
DRAPERY.
I Kxperlrr.Cfd drapery palcsman, city.
UUTVH13RS.
B hheep butchers. tbi>.
4 krlfe men. f3 75; :; sausage makers, $14.
COOKS.
, 18 cooks, different places, S30, §10. S50, $70
i found.
BEUi KLEVATOK nOYH— BEDMAKERS.
» dishwashers, difftrent placef, $2o, f3O fd.
LAUNDRY.
\u25a0 2 March iron»rs, $12 to Slti week.
I\>!ijhtr, ircnei, etarcher. fare $1 6O..$2 50.
Mauled farretr*. southern town. $3o and fd.
TO EL-D-CO. TO-DAY.
T«5 track men: any lal^rc-rs \v!!I do.
fG7 So TO . $75.
6 machine miner*--, boss here, $90.
Wheelwright, Nevada States *•><) and found.
I LAUNDRY.
! Ironer, SOc fare, hotel. $3Ti and found.
Ironer. S. >I. Co., <^asy job, $25 to $30 fd.
I«undryinan. mn steam engine, SOc fare, $40.
Man to takfc contract cut lumber, boss here.
Strong handy tr.an with butcher knife, $2 5O.
Washer. 2 starcher?, shirt lroners.
Steward, city hotel. $4<> and found.
MURRAY & READY. «34 and C3« Clay st.
STICKER hand, city mill.
Greek i>erter. saloon, country. ?2-"« and found.
6 iron molders, $3 day and found.
- 6 iron moldere' helpers, $2 day and found.
Sign painter, wagon, etc., fare $1 25, $32 50
and for:nd.
Man run jawing machine. $2 5" day.
Butcher. Santa <"!ara County. $3T> and found.
Bakery wagon driver, country. $40 and fd.
Ml'ERAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay fit.
CARPENTERS.
U5 bridge carpt-nters. $2 50 to $.1 day.
Carpenter, mine, £T»0.
MANAGER HERE.
12 hand miners, gold mine. $75 to $S2 50.
DOX FACTORY.
2 cutoff sawyers, country. $75.
2 bandsawyers, country, $7.">
FRUIT DRYERS AND PACKING HOUSES.
men. no ex)>sricine wantM, $30 fd.
HCRAPKR FOREMAN. $7.\
NON-fNlON PLUMBER. CITY.
5 camp cooks. $40: boy. wine cellar, $7.
Bread baker. $45 fd.
St°war<1. Piavonian. $50 fd.
PORTUGUESE FARM FOREMAN. $45 FD.
MURRAY & READY. 034 and 636 Clay st.
| AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third «.. near Call big. Phone Bush 40.".
Ocverrm«»nt job—Nevada.
5u teamsters and laborers. $73 a month.
Special cheap fare to-day — Fee (1.
Logging' — Woods.
Enginetr on plledrlver, $4 a day.
Srooltender. $3 a day.
Firrt «-ook. country hotel. J^O and found.
3 rough earrpnters, rMy; $3 a day.
3 linemen. *2 0O a day.
Cooi*r, city: FtPady, $3 a day,
2 Umber pl'crc, $35 and found.
AA— EMPLOYES' REGISTER CO."
rift KEARNY ST. PHONE BLACK C44R.
AmUtaat wir.dow tritnn:»»r. experienced. $.'»O.
Helper in bakery. $3 week.
Boy to l»arn sadd'.erj'. $5 to start.
Experienced fur. poods salesman. $15 wk.
Delicatessen man, city, $15 week.
Upholsterer. $3 to day.
B *tov« plate molders. $3 50 up.
•; errand boys $4 to $.*> week.
Open evenings 7 to 9. BROWER & CROSBY.
FOR «a:e — 2-chair barber shop and 2 house-
keeping rooms furnished. Inquire Call offioi'.
WANTED — Man to do janitnr work for his
tuition In E.F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the vorld at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart et. .
MEN warted *t 137 3d st.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: eewed soles 10 min., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and AdJUFtment Co., 328 Montgy..r.415.
SAILORS and yocng men (green hands) for
phlps. HALLBERT, 517 Jackson »t.
PENSION Atty.. E.A.BuIi:s.r.40.Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thcmas Post. G. A. R.
A BRANCH office of The ' 1! for tbe rec*p-
ti'.n cf advertisements and iiubscrlptions ha«
been opened at 100S Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. in.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
CHEAPEST and bast in America— The Weekly
Call, lo paxes. E*nt to any address in the
United States or Canada ore year for $1.
ALL Eizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
rilce. 563 Mission St.. bet. let and 2d its.
CET your shoes half-BOled while waiting; 25c
tft 5Oc 5B3 Mission St.. bft. 1st and 2d sts.
HOTJSES TO IiET-— '^ TT — — r^HID .
PINE. 2790 — Bunny bay-window S rooms~and
bath, completely furnished; yard; basement;
coal and eas ranges.
HOWARD, 2i::0, near Eighteenth; 8 rooms,
nicely furnished; Mkfsion warm belt; 1 to 4.
FURNISHED flat to let. Call at any time be-
fort 12 p. m. 14.*»« Grove St.
OAK. 417 — SSfcny new modern, elegantly fur-
nished housr: 0 rms; bath; basement; garden.
OAK. 41!*— Sunny modern, elegantly furnished
housf ; 10 rooms: 2 baths: pla^io:large garden.
gQPBgg grains jbsa — fob sat^x.
FOR sale, furnished. 10 rooms; large sunny
?«rd; R*3 Buiih st; call bet. 1 and 5; ask for
landlady. .
___ tyy AMD CgAIBS.
SOLD, rehted, exchanged; manufacturers of
Seines tricycle chair. 2018 Mkt. ;tel. Park 775.
EOaSES A2TO W/inoiTS,
FINE river bottom pasturagf; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra CosU
County. Nucleus Stables. lOo Stevenson. 6.F.
FOR sale — A brood mare, color black; also a
nice sorrel mure, fine buggy horse. 32CS Fol-
eom «t.. corner Preclta ave.
JUPT arrived. 2 carloads of horses: for sale
or trade. Cor. 15th and Shotwell «ts.
YOUNXS buggy mar« for sale. Apply 911 37th i
St.. Oakland. !
FOR sale— Horse, suitable for delivery wagon
Box 1184. Call office. * * ""
FIN13 coupe, newly painted, varnished and rub-
Ljr-tireJ. 1011 Sutter ftt.
A LIGHT business buggy for sale reasonable
Box 10e4, Call office.
YOUNG bay mure, C years old; well broken fo-
famlly ute; 950 lbB. 615-17 Ellis st.
GOING out of business: new and second-hand !
i wagons Kild cheap. 1<!SO Mission st.. nr. 13th.
AUCTION sa> of horses, wagons and Tiimm
rvery. Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327- Sixth «t.
WAGONETTES, »urr*}-s. buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. I&th-V&l&ncta.
t WEEK'S rew« for S «at« — The Weekly Call.
I* rmpes. in wranper.' f^r mailing. VI r»r ye«r
gQTJSEB TO J-^JIr^^
A^PRINTnb'llst^orhoases to let; send for dr- .
cular. C. H. UMBSEN It CO.. 20 Montgomery.
JACKSON, 24T*) — 12 rooms. furnUhed or un-
furnished. ApJ>Iy LANDRY C. BABIN CO.,
413 Kearny »t. .< "V- -
FURNISHED sunny corner hous« for sale
clieei;; gclng away; good Income. 'Mi Pine et.
roB hi»e. _^
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
«t.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush B34.
3. Mlchaells Launch Co.,Unlon-st- Wharf ; boxt-
lor & •xcursloas. 8 Steuart it :tel. John 2C86. *
M03SS"? TO X.OABT.
LOAN COMPANV""<Iric.)^
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5Vi and G per cent
CITY! OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies,
estates in probate, undivided Interests in
property, probate realty loans, stocks «nj
bonds, legacies and undivided Interests in
property purchased.
..".MANHATTAN LfUN Wipivy
. wilte 107-108 Crocker bld».; pbonejiain Sfctt
AAA— HERMAN MUHPHY.
601-e02-C(« Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save exoenses by dealing directly.
Estate second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc., legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. ,
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Sen HERMAN MU_RPHY.
' WILL LOAN
A reasonable- amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, en real estate or
Chattel*. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box jQO. Call otflce. \u25a0
SALARY LOANS— ~"
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indoisement, knowledge of employer or
any one- confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 I'arrott bldg.
X O'S furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal- no publicity: also on real estate:
1st or 2J roortgaeps or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S48 Market: tel. Main 1«44. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security- easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. Tulman, 653 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut raU.Cal.Loan Co.. 520 Parrott bdg.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 007 Market st
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
Xno commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St., rm. 21.
CRESCENT Loan Co. loans to salaried people
just on their note; easy payments. 500 RIalto
bldg.. New Montgomery and Mission sts.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgage*,
life tnscuranc* policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and ether security. S.
F. ( Discount Agency, 14JJ Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl? and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ON real estate and chattels. E. W. LICK,
1008 Mutual Bav. Bank bldir., 708 Market st.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 533 Kearny.
3% ON furniture *: pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room J»l. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried penpte on notes without
Indorsw. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSIC A Xi T^r^T 1 T9Tp>« \u25a0 > »• ,i«|.
A BUNCH OF UPRIGHTS. EASY PAYMENTS
Erard, splendid for practice $40
Sherman, Hyde & Co.. splendid order $125
Grovesteen & Fuller, a bargain $145
Also Chickerlng. Weber, Steinway, Vose.
Steck. Sterling and others at low prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
AT $2 per month up. rent or purchase; lowest
terms lowest prices and greatest variety of
new pianos; all makes in used Instruments.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st. : Oak-
land, 1252 Broadway: largest exclusive piano
house and only manufacturers here.
CLOSING OI7T SALE— Pianos, Jun as' good as
new; must be sold bc'ore Octol*r_15. Prices
ranm< from $110 to $105. Cash- or Install-
ments. ~H9 Market st., second floor, ever
'Auditorium Penny Parlor. First come, first
seized. •
WHEN you want to rent a rlano, call up or
call on Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560-62-64
Hayes Ft. ; tel. Fell 5761.
GOOD tone square grand piano. $50. 122S
Filbert st. -
Talking machines, guitars, etc.: easy payments;
month's piano rent free. Bruenn. 225 Sutter.
A George Steck upright grand; elegant ma-
hogany case; cheap. Hornung, 210 SIcAlllster.
A PRIVATE party left Fischer upright to be
told; $135. 2S7 Geary Et.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; as good as
new; $133. 237 Geary st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Peat st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little u**tl. Keyffe's. 2S5 O'Farrcl'..
MINES AND MZ17IKO.
COMPANIES Incorporated: first stock sold to
start company off In good shape; strong pres-
ident and d'r»ctors secured; write or call.
A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.. 8. F.
THE BOSTON PROMOTION AND DEVEL-
1 OPMENT CO., room 13. 330 Pine St.. will In-
corporate and finance propositions of merit;
buys, sells, develops and operates mines.
- OFrTCE3 A1T3> FTC-tES "7O X.ET.
MARKET~stTrTl7— Splendid brick building; 5
floors, with basement; lot 43x137 :ti; D-year
lease; will put In order for good tenant.
SPECK & CO., 200 Montgomery st.
GROUND floor offices. tKJS Market st.. near
Kearny: «lze to suit. SAGE DEALEY &
CO.. C38 Market st.
A— SEVERAL good Market st. stores to let;
leaseE. SPECK & CO.. 200 Montgomery.
FOR rent— Section of Urge loft; light and airy
L. MINK. JOB New Montgomery «., 7th floor
STOBESJW'AjrPEO.
SMALL store, suitable for stationery, etc. Ad-
dress box 1483. Call office.
PERSONALS.
A — CALL and tee our demonstrations, with one-
half of face treated; 1 guarantee to rcmov*
permanently wrinkles, freckles.
Smallpox pittlncs, etc.;
Restore lost contour.
If you desire a fresh, young face, call or
write. MME. C1LLINCHAM. 131 Powell st.
"RKXADIO," European phenomenal healer by
"humanized radium" power; call and witness
the "continuous" treatments; (hours 2 to 9),
also 8 p. m.; (frte) lecture with tree hculinc
ln, .full view of audience. Urhit your sick.
783 Vt Market st. .
DR. ROWELL'S Fire of Life, a sure cur* for
rheumatism, paralysis, neuralgia, pneumonia,
core throat, etc. Sold by all tlruKtrisis tor '
over 20 fears; price 50c. Manufactured' solely
by ROWELL &. BROWN. 32 Turk St.. S. F.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops iaU'.r.z, cures dandruff
and itching tcalp; uo stain or .stickiness: '
cleanses scalp: at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy cfc.,i::.'ts Polk.
MY wire, Alice > Palmer,* has left my bsd
' and board; I shall not be responsible for any
debts contracted by her. ED. PALMEIl,
San Francisco. September 2C, 1904.
MY wife. ADELINA GHIO, having left my
bed and board. I shall not b* rasponslble for
any debts contracted by her. JOHN OHIO.
Bsn Francisco, September 24, 1004.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
«kln. mouth, bones, etc.)- speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 228 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
"REXRADIO'S" offices crowded Monday; par-
alysis, cancer, neuralgia, total deafness, pal-
sy, mutes, wonderfully helped. 7S3& Market.
A GUARANTEE TO OROWHAIR , ;V
On the woret bald head. Call or write.
DR. Q. S. MOORE, 332 O'Farrell st.
ONE dollar a week; suits to order.. $13 up. *
LEMOS, 1127 Market «t.. between . Seventh
and Eighth sts, \u25a0 . : ' ; ....-, !
MRS, HOLSHOUSER. 320 Starr Klnr" bWg.^
121 Geary st. — Bust electro-
\u25a0 lysis, magnetism. : massage. \u25a0-. . .\u25a0 \u25a0
ELECTRIC light baths: \u25a0 baklne f or . rheu-
matUm; all kinds of hydrotherapy; 233 Geary
st. entrance, suit 27; even'gs by appointment.'
YACHTSMEN and business men— All kinds]
of drawlnc and tracing wilt be dona cheap
and exactly. Box 1718. Call. \u25a0
AT less than cost; uncalled for r-j Its, ''overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS", London
Tailor. 1 721 Market it. JHUNTSVILLE, Ala., Sept 26.— Ber«
F. Hill, the third defendant accused of
complicity In the Horace Maples
lynching:. 1 was put on .trial to-day.
The 'mllitarj'. guard has been with*
drawn from; around the jail. .
Placed on Trial for Liynchlnjr.
Principals In a Florida Fend, Accused
of Murder arid Other Lawless
Acts, in Court.
JACKSONVILLE,' Fla:, Sept. 26. —
Under guard of ) the Jacksonville Light
Infantry, the; men accused of jmurder
and' other % lawless acts ; In connection
with- the Altman-Duncan ; feud In Ba
ker ; County, v In . this : State,: were ' taken
to MacCleny,* theTcountyj seat of . Bakei
County, "to-day "for a preliminary trial.
TAKEN TO TRIAL UXDER
; A GUARD OF INFANTRY
OGDEN, Iowa, Sept. 26. — Blood
hounds used to track, the Rock Isl
and train banditsat Letz a week ago
were placed on the trail of • incen
diaries responsible for wholesale flres
hern to-day. Barns, corn cribs and
even dwellings have been flred, and in
some instances smoldering embers sat
urated with kerosene' used in starting
the blaze were found. A posse of
farmers is following the dogs.;
Posse of Farmers Followln_ Dogs
Tliat Are Chasing Men Responsible
for Fires at O_den.
BLOODHOUXDS TRATlt , j
IOWA INCENDIARIES
Unlisted Securities.
j.
JIISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 08& — |S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat Cs. — 117^1 S P Co 4%S.100% —
Cal N Ry 5a — 112HISun T&T Us.ll2»£ —
M C Wat 5s.l00 — I Do 5s 105% —
Risdn I W 6s — 103 Sutter- st 5s. 104 —
SF Drdk os. — — U RR SF 4s. 85 S5U
SF & NP 5s.lim —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 27 20 L & S F Bk. — CO
Am Biscuit. — 00 Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 80 — Mills Ntl Bk — —
Cal G&E Cor 47% 48% Nev Ntl Bk.195 —
Cal Jock C1.110 — N S R R 0V4 —
Cal Pdr Co. — 150 N C P Co... 0 0%
Cal Ship Co— 25 Oak Bk Sav. 120 —
Cal T I & T — 155 Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Chutes Co... 4 6% Orpheum Co. — 15#
City & C Bk — 120 PC Cas Co. 125 —
Cyp Ln Imp — ««4 Pac Srty Co. 105 —
East Dynm. — 375 Paraf Paint. 30 —
DuP Pdr pfd SO — S F Drydock. 50 —
Do com... 30 — SF&SJ VCoal 17% 20
FN Bk Oak.120 — S J Wat Co. 103% —
Fischer Thtr 10c 40o S O&Tgbt C.125 —
Fmch-A Bk.lOS — Swlss-A Bk.115 —
Ga3 Con As. — 21% Truckec Elec 12 13%
Hon P Co... 24 — UR InCo pfd 56 67%
Do (pool) . — 23 Do com. ... 12
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
$30,000 United R R of S F 4s 85 12%
Street —
100 Truckee Electric Co 12 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
15 Cal Gas and Electric Corp...'. 48 00
$7,000 U K R of S F 4s 85 12%
California Stock and OilExchange
Oil Stock— Bid. _ Asked.
Apollo 38 41
Caribou 4 45 4 50
Claremont 75 IT
Four 57
hanford 1 75 ....
Home .... 1 35
Independence :
Junction 02 ....'
Kern River 12 50
Monte Cristo 05
Occidental of W. Va 04 ....
Oil City Petroleum , B0 ....
Peerless .... 13 00
PittFburg 04 ....
Reed Crude 1 60
Sovereign 32 ....
Sterling .-. ....• .... 3 00
Thirty-three 8 25
Toltec 110
Twtnty-elght 9 25 10 00
Miscellaneous —
Chutes Company 7 00
Northern Cal Power 8 60 ....
Morning Session.
2,000 Occidental 08 '
Afternoon Session.
Board — u \u25a0> -
S0O Claremont '75
S00 Caribou % 4 50
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. '
100 Andes ....... 20| 100 Sierra Nev...' 82
600 Chollar 18| 100 Union Con.... 40
200 Potosl 1S| 400 Utah 13
Afternoon ' Session.
200 Chollar . 20p 100 Ophlr ....... .2 35
100 Con C & Va.l 15 800 Savage ...... :20
300 Hale & Norc. 64| 100 Sierra Nev.... 33
200 Mexican ....1 05| 200 Union Con 40
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C00 Brunswick .. 0SI1300 Maenarnara .. 39
500 Columbia ... 24 200 Montana Ton. 1 85
1000 Gldfld B Bell C9| 1250 Rescue n
200 Goldflld M Co 74. 100 Sandstorm ... 33
100 Jumbo. \u25a0 10. . 76 1000 Ton Belmont. 5«
100 Jumbo, s 10.. 77 1C0 Ton Midway. . 37
500 Jumbo ...... 75 4000 Ton ' Mid. b 00 40
600 MacNamara . 40 100 West End.'... 15
. Afternoon Session.
200 Jumbo s 10. . 761 4200 MacNamara , . 37
500 Jumbo ...... 74| 1000 Ray „ O'Brien 08
100O MacNamara . 40 1400 Ton Belmont.. ,86
1500 MacNamara . 38 100 Ton Belmont.. 57
1000 MacNamara . 391 2000 Ton Gold Mt. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. SepC 26—3 p. m.
Bid. Ask. '1 ; Bld.Ask. 1
Alpha OS . •\u25a0 >' 10 Julia ......... 08 09
Alta ........ 08 10 Justice ...... 09 10
Andes 19 \u25a0 20 Kentuck . r. . . » 05 06
Belcher ••;....- 31 S3 Lady Wash... — . 05
Best & Belch.1.10 1,20 Mexican t ..V..1 00 1 05
Bullion f .\u25a0..'.." 23- 25 Occidental :;;.'. 73; 1 »8O:
Caledonia. ... til 62]Ophlr ........2 30 2 35
NEW T.ORK. Sept. 26.— The follow
ing Calif ornians are In New York:
From San Francisco — J. R. Brown,
at the Algonquin; L. E. Bruntz, at the
Belle Clair; D. Kline, at the Herald
Square; H. Ohlsson, Mrs. B. Ohlsson,
at the Navarre; A. C. Osborn, at the Ho
tel Astor: Miss F. Stern, at the Hotel
Glrard; Miss E. Thornsvarel, at the
Navarre; R. Abraham, at the Kensing
ton; P. H. Bernays, at the Hotel Im
perial; F. D. Brandon, at the Broad
way Central; Mrs. C. D. Burke, at the
Grand Hotel: Mrs. E. S. Cofrics, at the
Cadillac; A. Conn and wife, at the
Wellington; C. A. Day and wife, at the
Hotel Savoy; C. H. Densmore and
wife, at the Hoffman; J. S. Dunnigan,
at the Herald Square; Mrs. G. G. Elli
ott, at the Broadway Central; Mrs. A.
C. Hark, at the Grand Union; J. P.
Hlrschler 4 at the Broadway Central;
J. J. Jacobs and wife, at the Nether
lands; W. H. McBryan, at the Cadillac:
M. W. Mclntosh, at the Grand Union;
A. L. Morgenstein, at the St. Denis; J.
S. Morton, at the Hotel Imperial; Rev.
W. Rader, at the St. Denis; Miss E. K.
Roelker, at the Holland; G. Rose and
wife, at the Hotel Cadillac; H. A. Ro
senbaum and wife, at the Murray Hill;
E Tletjen, at the Hotel Bartholdi: A.
Van der Naillen, at the St. Denis; S. F.
Walter, at the Herald Square; R. A.
Watt and wife, at the Hotel Astor: H.
H. Webb, at the Hotel Imperial; E. C.
Williams and wife, at the York; Miss
M. B. Wilson, at the Spalding.
From Los Angeles— G. A. Bohrlck, at
the Imperial; Mrs. F. Connor,' at the
Grand Hotel; H. C. Frazer and wife.
Miss N. Jones, E. E. Lef eburn, E.
Mouler. M. M. Potter and wife, at the
Park Avenue; A. L. Stetson, at the
Netherlands; W. A. Strong and wife,
at the Astor House: Mrs. S. R. Vail, at
the Wolcott; H. Wickizer and wife, at
the Albemarle; J. Wilson Jr., at the
Continental; H. M. White, at the
Grand Hotel; Mrs. O. Hobart, at the
Kmpire: Mrs. J. C. White, at the
Grand Hotel; C. E. Decamp, W. Faust,
at the Broadway Central ; Miss M. A.
Gray, Mrs. E.M. Gray, at the Holland;
Mrs. O. Hobart, at the Empire; Miss
Solans, at the Buckingham; W. H.
Stewart, at the Herald Square.
From San Diego — J. -'Crisp, Miss M.
Crisp,' J. B. Osborne and wife, at the
Grand Union; Mrs. E. H. Perry, the
Misses. Perry, at the Earllngton.
Calif ornlans in New York.
ARRIVED .
Monday, September 26.
Bark H«da, Nelson, 31 days from Naknek.
. Bktn Tropic Bird, Agger, 30 days from Nome.
Schr Compeer, Lapping, 0 days from Ana
cortes.
Stmr Maggie, Leland, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, 83 hours from Bell
Unrham Bay. ,
Chll war stmr Baquedano, Gomes, 45 days
from Yokohama, 43 officers, 337 crew.
Bark George Curtis, Calhoun, 31 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Marlon, Topfer, 10 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr A. J. "West, Gruner, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. • «•;
Stmr Mackinaw. Storm. 90 hours from Ta- '
coma.
SAILED.
Monday. September 26.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen. Coqullle River.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr. Che
halie, hence Sept 23; bktn \ Wrestler, from
Honolulu: stmr Santa Monica, hence Sept 23.
Sailed Sept "Jti — Schrs Falcon, A. B. Johnson
and Jessie Minor, for; San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Sept 26— Schr
Balnbridge, for San Francisco.
1 SEATTLE — Sailed Sept 26 — Stmr Jefferson,
for Skagway.
ILAND PORTS.
KAANAPALI— Arrived Sept 26— Schr Aloha,
from Seattle.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 20— Stmr Korea,
for Hongkong and Yokohama.
FOREIGN PORT, i
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 26— Echr "W. H.
Talbot, from Shanghai: Ger bark Admiral Teg
ethoff, from Antofogasta.
Passed out Sept 20 — Br stmr Inverness, from
Vancouver, for .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Arrived Sept 26— Stmr Finland,
from New York, via Dover.
CHERBOURG— Arrived Sept 26 — Stmr
Kronprinz jWllhelm, from New York, via Ply
mouth, for Bremen, and proceeded. "
GIBRALTAR — Sailed Sept 26 — Etmr Prin
cess . Irene, from Genoa and Naples, for New
York. •
PONTA DEL GADA— Sailed Sept 26— Stmr
Canoplc, from Genoa and Naples, for Boston.
LiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
KALISPELI,, Mont., Sept. 26. — For
est L. Webster lost his life in a most
awful manner near this city. He was
engaged in feeding a thrashing ma
chine at a ranch about nine miles
from Kallspell when he accidentally
stepped through an opening of the
cylinder, which was revolving at a
rate of 2000 times a minute. He was
drawn down and literally chewed to
pieces by the teeth of the cylinder
and concave before the machinery
could be stopped.
MONTANA MAN CUT TO BITS
IN A THRASHING MACHINE
Eugene A. and Ellrabeth Holl (owners) with
Mager Bros, (contractors), architect A. L.
Sunderer — All work for a two-story attic and
basement frame building (flats) on N line of
Fifteenth street, 100 W of Church, 25x100;
$4930.
William A. and Ada M. Martin (owners)
with J. B. Ogborn and F. B. Adams (con
tractors) architect — All work for dining
room and bath room addition to residence, 870
Fell. N Bide, between Fillmore and Stelner;
$1595.
Builders* Contracts.
District of Columbia Supreme Court
Deals With Affairs of Former
Treasurer of University.
WASHINGTON, Sept 26. — Chief
Justice Clabaugh of the District Su
preme Court to-day adjudged Thomas
B. ' Waggaman a bankrupt, and
Andrew Y. Bradley of this city was
appointed referee. Mr. Waggaman Is
tne former treasurer of the Catholic
University of America, and a well
known business man of this city, who
recently filed papers in court an
nouncing his inability to meet obli
gations.
ARMY DESERTERS ARRESTED.—ALA
MEDA, Sept. 26. — John E. Douglass and Jo
seph H. VIgue were arrested here last even
lnar as deserters from the United States
army. They were members of Company K of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry, stationed at the
Presidio In San Francisco, and were turned
over to the military authorities of that post.
THOMAS E. WAGGAMAN
ADJUDGED A BANKRUPT
NEW YORK, Sept.. 26. — Impaled on
the stump of a tree by a large splinter
that had penetrated his right breast to
the lung, Alphonse Pede of Brooklyn
died In the presence of a score of hor
rified boys and girls with whom he had
been chestnuting near Jamaica. Pede
had been sitting on the branch of a
tree, knocking chestnuts down to his
companions, when the limb on which
he sat broke and he fell horizontally
and face downward upon a jagged
stump below*.
Most of the children became firght
ened and ran away. When a doctor
arrived he found the youth dead. One
of his playmates was praying beside
him.
Brooklyn Youth Meets With Disaster
Willie Chestnuting and Dies In
Presence of Companions.
FAU_S FROM A HIGH TREE
AND IS IMPALED ON STUMP
Distinguished Irish Member of British
Parliament Guest of President
and Mrs. Roosevelt.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 26. — At
luncheon to-day the President and
Mrs. Roosevelt entertained John P.
Redmond, the distinguished Irish
member of the British Parliament.
The Rev. Dr. Charles Wagner of
Paris, the author, who Is making a
tour of this country, is an over
night guest of the President and Mrs.
Roosevelt at the White House.
JOHN P. REDMOND HAS
IiUNCHEOX AT WHITE HOUSE
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Cal Wine Association 84 25
25 Honokaa S Co 15 62^
25 Paauhau S P Co 15 S7£
50 Pacific States Tel and Tel Co. .113 00
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry Ss 117 25
$2,000 Market-street Cable Cs 115 12^
$7,000 Hawaiian Com'l and Sugar 5s. 101 50
$10,000 Associated Oil Co Ss 70 00
Street —
$5,000 Bay Counties Power Co Bs....l01 23
$3,000 L A P R R 1st con 6s 104 00
$10,000 North Shore 5s 102 50
140 S F Gas and Electric Gl 25
$1,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 119 75
$1,000 Bay Counties Power Co SS....101 25
$1,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 9S CO
$2,000 Oakland Transit 5s Ill 25
$4,000 Los Angeles Ry 5s 117 2o
SCRANTONV Pa., Sept. 26. — Jud_e
Gray, to whom was referred the con
troversy of the anthracite coal miners
on the check weighman question, and
which had previously ben adjudicated
by Carroll D. Wright in favor of the
miners, has also decided the Issue In
the same way. His decision was re
ceived by W. L. Connell and T. D.
Nicholls, president and secretary, re
spectively, of the board of concilia
tion. The former represented the ope
rators and the latter the miners.
Judge Gray, as Referee, Settles a Dis
pute In the Coal Fields.
DECIDES FOR THE MINERS.
CHICAGO, Sept 26.— Nine thousand
men returned to work* without union
regulations of any sort to-day when
the three Chicago branches of the In
ternational Harvester Works and the
Pullman Company reopened their shops
after a shut-down of two weeks. The
men not only returned to their former
places \u25a0 as Individuals, but they also
agreed to reductions in -pay of 10 to 20
per cent.
Before the shut-down the Inter
national Harvester Works recognized
the labor unions, but with the an
nouncement of a resumption of work
to-day came the statement that the
company would not renew Its agree
ment with the trades unions and that
the plants would be operated on a basis
of fifty-seven and one-half hours per
week instead of fifty-four, with no in
crease in wages.
The case of the employes of the Pull
man Company is different from that of
the Harvester Company, inasmuch as
the Pullman Company has ignored all
trades unions since the strike in their
plant in 1834. The Pullman Company
announced to-day that it would reopen
its shops, but at a wage reduction of
10 to 20 per cent.
Less than two thousand workers
were given their former positions, but
thtese men willingly accepted the de
crease in pay, and several thousand of
the former employes left the yards of
the company to-night bitterly disap
pointed because they could not return
to work, even at the reduction in
wages.
and Kate Ryan to August Melcher,
lot on SE line of Peralta street, 68:2% SW of
Holladay, BW 29:l»t,. S 60:8%. E 25. N 78:8,
lots 11 to 13, block 3, Franconia; $10.
Minerva K. Frink to George K. Frlnk, all
Interest in estate of George W. Frlnk; gift.
George K. Frink to Minerva K. Frlnk, life
estate, same-; gift.
Same to Lucie Howe Frlnk, undivided one
twelfth interest In lot on PW line of Third
street. 80 SE of Harrison, SE 80. SW 155. NW
80. SW 40. NW 80, NE 120, SB 80, NB 75;
Same to same, undivided one-twelfth Interest
of rial property acquired by deed from his
mother, Minerva K. Frlnk. or as heir of hia
father, George W. Frink, deceased; gljt.
Winslow and Bertha L. Anderson to Howard
H. Salz. lot on E line of Forty-sixth avenue,
250 N of C street, N 25 by E 120; also lot on
W line of Forty-fifth avenue, 225 N of C
street. N 75 by W 120; also lot on W line of
Forty-fifth avenue, 250 8 of B street, S 25 by
W 120; $10.
Mary E. Dewing to Mary Dewing-, lot on
SW corner of Twenty-first avenue and B
street. W 82:6 by S 100; $10.'
Jacob Heyman Company to Henry B. Toung,
lot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue, 375 S
of J street. S 60 by W 120; $10.
Mary A. Dealey to August F. Stlegler, lot
on SE corner of Montcalm and Alabama
streets, S 50 by E 80, lots 1 and 2. Harris map
No. 1: $10.
Central Trust Comnnr of California to A.
Aronson, lot on N line of Paclflo street, 103:1%
E of Buchanan. E 84:4% by N 127:8%; $10.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin to Mary Kraus, lot
on E line of Broderick street. 82:0 N of Union,
N 27:6 by E 07:6; $10.
F. C. and Susannah H. Dudley to Marie
C. Catherine and William H. Torpey, lot on
N line of Fulton street, 81 :3 W of Lyon, W 23
by N 100; $10.
Ludolph P. Degtn to Emma A. Degan, lot on
S line of Frederick street, 126:3 B of Ashbury,
12 30 by S 100; gift.
Fred W. and Josephine Tantan t» Robert M.
Smith and Olaf Johnson, lot on 8 line of
Clay street, 161:2 E of First avenue. B 23 by
8 127:8%; $10.
Elizabeth D.. Emma A. and Clara O. Zihn
to Mary R. J. Thorn, lot on E line of Howard
street, 75 8 of Fifteenth, S 35 by B 95; also
lot on NE line of Twelfth street, 218:9% NW
of Howard, NW 43, NE 161:8%. SB 43. SW
145; $10.
Benjamin Healy to Samuel Crozier. lot on
SE corner of Nineteenth and Dolores streets,
S 135 by E 114; $10.
Thomas W. Katherine A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Chrlstlane O. Zwlck
(wife of H. W.). lot on N line of Clipper
street 114 B line of Sanchez 81:9, E 20:1 by
N 26:10; $10.
William and Kate Potter (Moss) to Mary E.
McCaffrey, lot on N line of Twenty-third
street. 155 W of Noe W 25 by N 114; $10.
Maria L. and Arthur Stevens to Marco and
Catterina Foppiano. lot on N line of Chestnut
street. 61:3 E of Leavenworth. E 26:3 by N
S7:6 = ' 10 - -_. -,..
Isldor and Bertha Llpman to Fritze Elli»,
lot on NE corner of California and Larkln
streets. E 35 by N 70:10; $ .
John J. or J. Leonard to Frances M. Thomp
son, lot on W line of Utah street. 173 N of
Seventeenth. N 25 by W 100; $5.
John Thompson (trustee In Frances M.
Thompson vs. Thornton Thompson) to Emma
A. Degan, same; $10.
William J. and Mary K. Dempeey to Adam
George, lot on 8 line of Twenty- fourth street,
25 B of Rhode Island. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Denis and Eliza Clarke to Margaret Clarke,
lot on B line of Michigan street. 75 8 of Sierra.
S 25 by E 75; gift.
Jennie Andross. Ellen and James H. Condlt,
Jessie G. Geddls or Geddes to Mary C. Mo-
Conchle. lot on N line of Lake street. 79:8 W
of Tenth avenue. W 27 by N 72; $500.
Carrie L. Pullen to Frank B. Hills, lot on B
line of Twentieth avenue 200 N of Clement
street, N 60 by E 120; also lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue. 200 N of Clement street,
N 25 by W 120; $10.
Sellna A. de Sliva (Adams) (wife of A.) to
Louise Abrams, lot on N line of Post street.
27:0 E of Franklin, E 65 by N 137:6; $10.
Mary C. Vincent to Jame3 J. Gorevan, Ellen
F. Clancy (Vincent), Anna E, Vincent and
(as guardian) Agnes C. Vincent, undivided one
sixteenth Interest in 'lot on S line of Clay
street. 167:4% E of Franklin. E 20 by 8
127 :S%; $10.
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 26.
Professor Jaffa attributes this state
of affairs to California's legislators,
who, although possessed of the full
est knowledge of the State's resources,
still have failed to appreciate, to the
extent that the legislators of other
States have done, the fact that the
foundation of agricultural prosperity
in the development of the science of
farming.
"These comparisons have been made
on the basis of buildings only. The
Legislature of Wisconsin has gener
ously supplied funds for buildings and
in addition has made appropriations
for investigations and the purchase of
large tracts of land, which are abso
lutely Indispensable to the best meth
ods of agricultural teaching."
Figures published at the University
of California to-day by Professor M.
E. Jaffa of the College of Agriculture
show that, as compared with other
States, California spends a beggarly
sum on its agricultural college, ana
this In the face of the fact that Cali
fornia Is the greatest agricultural State
in the Union. Here is what Professor
Jaffa says, under the caption, "Are
Comparisons Odious?"
"During the last twenty-flve years
Wisconsin has spent in the neighbor
hood of $300,000 for buildings for the
agricultural department on Its uni
versity campus. The amount similarly
spent at Berkeley is considerably less
than $50,000, of which $10,000 was
used, not for additional accommoda
tions, but to replace the building de
stroyed by fire. It is very well known
to all who have traveled or kept in
touch with agricultural affairs that in
respect to buildings California is fai
behind such commonwealths as Minne
sota, Illinois, Iowa, Ohio and many
other States that are smaller and their
agricultural * interests infinitely less
varied.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Sept. 26.
Geary-st 6s. 45 — Sac EG&R 6s 99%101
H C&S 5%s. — — SE & SJV 5s.llS% —
Do 6s lOlH — Sierra Uy 63.109% —
lion K T 6s.lO7 — S P of A C3
L A Elec 5s. — 104 (1909) 108% —
L A Ry SS..117 — (1910) 109& —
L A L Co 6s — — S P Of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — (1905)Sr A.103%104%
Do 5s 103U10S (1905)Sr B. — 107%
LAP lem 6s. IO414 — (1906) 106%107%
Mkt-st C 6.1.115$ — (1912) 116?ill7
Do con 6s.ll3U — SPC 1 cs 6s. 117 —
MV&MtT 53.105 110 Do stmpd.109%110
X R of C 6s.J06% — S P B R 6s. 133% —
Do 6s 119 — S V Wat 6s. 104 —
N P C R 5s. 105 — Do 4s 2dm. 100% —
N C Ry 5s.. — 112 | Do 4s 3dm. 99 —
N C P C 5s. — 99 J Do gmtg 4s 98% 9»
N S R R 5s. 102% — ,Stkn G&E 6s 93 —
O G L&H 6s — 110%|U G & B 6a. 102% —
O W gtd 5s. — 10O I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 37% \ Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co. . . — 60 IS V TV Co. . 88 89
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 S F G & E. 61% 61%
Mutual E L. 10 12 Stkn G&E.— 8%
Pac L Co. . . 69 — U G & B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.315 335 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 Lon P & A.. 150 —
Anglo-Cal ..85 90 Mer Trust.. .230 240
Bank of Cs.1. — 425 Merch Ex... 50 66%
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F National — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ge r S & L.2330 — I Sav 4 L So. - 100
Hum S & L. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 I Union T Co. . — —
S F Sav Un.615 — |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196 200 I Presidio .... — 41
Geary — 40 |
POWDER.
Giant 63% 64%(VIgorlt — 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 62% — Makawell C. 28% 29%
Honokaa S C 15% 15% Onomea S C 27% 80
Hutch SPC 10% 10% Paauhau 8 C 15% 16%
KUauea 8 C — 4%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— 128 Oceanic 8 C. 2% 3
Cal F C A. 99 — Pao Aux FA 4% —
Cal Wine A. 84% 85 Pao C BorxJ50 —
MV&Mt Tm. 96 — Pac S T & T.113 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Hawwlan Com'l and Sugar.... 62 87%
23 Makawell 2S'<«%
25 Makaweli 28 75
25 Pacific States Tel and Tel Co.. 112 00
60 S F Gas and Electric. \u25a0 10.... 61 25
70 Oceanic S Co 2 50
REAL ESTATE TRANSACITOXS.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Thirteen.
Men Accept Wage Reduction
and Overlook the Refusal
to Recognize the Unions
Commonwealths Inferior to
This Provide More Liberal
ly, for Scientific Research
TELLING COMPARISONS
ARE NOW "OPEN SHOPS"
Prof. M. E. Jaffa Avers That
California Is Neglecting
Her Agricultural Interests
Chicago Branches of Inter
national Harvester Com
pany Resume Operations
THOUSANDS GO
BACK TO WORK
SAYS THE STATE
IS CLOSE FISTED
Challenge Con 10 201 Overman 19 20
Chollar 21 22| Potosl 19 2»
Confidence . . \u25a0 75 851 Scorpion ..... 05 07
Con C & Va.l 10 1 15! Savage 19 21
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 11 12
Con N York. 00 0s Sierra Nevada 32 33
Crown Point. 14 15 stiver Hill *S 50
H Sierra Nev 03 06 St Louis — 10
Eureka Con.. — GO| Syndicate 03 05
Exchequer . . f>2 PJ» Union Con. ... 40 41
Gould & Cur. 22 251 Utah 12 IS
Hale & Norc. ttti 67| Yellow Jacket 24 25
TONOPAH- MINES.
Bia.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Adams Gldfld 07 081 Paymaster ... 03 04
Columbia ... 23 — | Pine Grove... 10 —
Eeperanza .. 01 02 Qulncy .. 12 —
Eula Con 01 02 1 Ray Exten... — 08
Golden Anchr — 301 Ray & O'Brien 07 — :
Gldfld B Bell _ 00 Ray Ton 10 —
Goldneld Nev 73 — Red Top 16 —
Goldfleld Mhk- 18 23 Rescue H 12
e , IdSP - — 1S| Sandstorm .... 31 —
Goldfleld Ton. — o*» Ton Belmont.. 68 67
Hannapah ... 10 — Ton & Cal — 20 (
Hazel Kirk.. — 12 Ton Extension. 1 40 —
Jim Butler... so 60 Ton Grt West 02 —
Jumbo M Co. 71 — Ton Gold Mt. 14 16
Little Ton... — 60 Ton Midway. . 37 38
Lucky Tom.. — 17 Ton o f Nev. 8 00 8 12%.
MacNamara . 37 381 Ton N Star. . . 22 24
Montana Ton.l 85 1 00 Utopia 10 —
N lork Ton. 04 C5 West End 15 —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 11)04.
12
RAILWAY TRAVEEi.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC'
BAXZ.WAT COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAM" 7BAKCZSCO TO SAN SArASL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00 11:00 •-«»•.
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. el. 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAXT _ATAX& TO SAN FEANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05. 6:50. 7:3». 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 £ m.Tl2:6d. 12:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays— Extr* trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDATS-«:50. 7:35. 9:20, 11:15 a. m.. 1:45.
3:40 4:50. 5:00. 5:20. 6:25. 7:*0 p. m.
. tExcept Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect j Arrive
San Fran. I May 1, 1904. [ San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( Uon. | day*. | Days.
7:30a " 7:45a 7:45a
7-30 a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40 a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ipacla. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p S : S2 P 8: *» P
5:10 p 6:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:30a 7:30a ' 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Norato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10p 2:30p »and 7:25p 7:25p
5:10 p Eanta Roea 8:45 p
7:30 a 7:30a j 10:20 a 10:2O a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 8:45 p 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburs;. 10:20 a 10:20 »
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a! 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| snd Uklah. | 7:25 p( 7:25 p
I I Wllllts. I I
7:30 af 7:30 af Sher-ood. ( 7:25 p| 7:23 p
8:00 a! 8:00 al Guernevllle and 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Camp Vacation. | 8:45 p| 6:20 p
8:00a 8:00a 8:40a 8:40a
5:10 p 9:30 a Sonoma. 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p plen Ellen. 8:45 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| SebastopoL | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Santa Rosa for White
Sulphur Springs and Mark West Springs: at
Fulton tor Burke's Sanitarium; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boon*-
vllle and Green— ood : at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprinc*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprlriga; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Poroo. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Klverslde. Llerley*s. Bucknell's.
Sinhednn Heights, HullvIIIe. Orr"s Hot
Bprtngs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
WeJtport, Usal; at Wllllu for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. . Cahto, Covelo. Layton-
vllle. Cummins-. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsens.
Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eu-
reka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. " . -, .:
On Sundays — Round- trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at ' half rates.
Ticket Office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building. ',\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'\u25a0
. JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN. i
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paaa. Act.
RAIIiWAYTKAVlEX;
1 i_i-, — , -11- -\u25a0 mi 1" r- r- \u25a0 - 11 1 1 ---'\u25a0' Mjn»»«'- \u25a0-\u25a0'
iLllYSiTED TO CHlCAGOg
I LEAVES MQKDATS end THUSSQATS ty
Sat 9:30 a. «- through In » days 'S
Other Santa Pe Train*:
7:30 a. m.1 t0T Stockton. Fresno. Baltersfle!<J.
9:30 a. m. Y i\f er ,.-d Hanford and Vlsalia.
8:0Q p. m.J Mer - riJ '
.13 I £ /or' K^Clty. Grand Canyon a_4
Chi cas o. _
TICKET or—CIS— «« Ma«rt «• •»«
San Joae.
-^=r*y\ Trmlns !••»• »-«» * r * dn *
U^_^2]6 AN FRANCISCO.
V^>^_3A/ rxsrr Dspot
\JS . (Toot cf Market Sire** »
hath - MAIN LINE. - -m»r-T
7.00a Vaearllie. Winters. RmnJeT- 7 60*
7.00a Denicia, Klmlrm and Sacramento.. 7-2Q*
7.30a ValleJ*. Xapa. Callitogn. SaaU
Uosa. Martinet. San Camon ••£{*
7-30A Ntlea.Traey. Lathrop, Stockton.... 7.20»
•.OOABbaat* Express— (Via D»t1»).
William • (for Bartlatt 9prln*»\
Willows. tFruto. Ked Bluff,
Portland, Tacotna. Seattle 7.3O»*
1.00a Davti. Woodland. Knlxhta Landtag.
Marytvllle. Chlco. Orovllle 7-au*
I40A Port Costa, Martlnes, Antlooh.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Lo> Banoa. Vlendota.
Armona, llan ford. Vis alta.
Porterrllle _ 4.20"
8.20a Port Costa. Modeato. Merced.
rrtiao, Goanen Junction, llan-
ford. Vlaalla, Raker* neld ...... 4.50"
8-JDA Kilet, San Joae. Liven nore. Stock-
ton, (t JIlUon">. lone, Sacramtnto,
MaryiTllle. Chlco. lted B'.uO .... 4.20»
8.3CA Oakdale. Chineae. Jameatown, So-
nora. Tnolumne and Angel* Z*s2-
• 00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and Eaat. 5.23»
830a Richmond. Marline* aad Way
Station* ••Btm
lOCOATbe Overland Limited — Ogdea.
Omaha. Chicago. Denver, Kansas
City. St. Louis ..525*
10.00a Tallejo 12-20*
10.00a _os Anjrele* Pa*»enger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Latnrop. Stockton. Merced.
- Raymond. Fre»no. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore, Vlaalla.
Bakerifletd. Lo* Aouelea V&P
12.00m HaT-ard. Nile* and Way 8ta«on». 3-20*
11.00P Sacramento River Steamer* t11.00~
3-3O Benlcla, Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland. Willow*. Kalgnta
Landing. Maryarl'la. OrovUU „__„
and way Matloaa »8-SS*
% J0p Hit ward. JTllea and Way Stations.. 7 .SQ^
4.0CPMarttnez.SanIta_on.ValleJo,J. r ap«,
C*ll»'.oc». Santa Kokh T'S,
4JJCP Nile*. Tracr. Stocxton. LodJ 4.20P
4 30p Harward. Nile*. Irtlagtua. Saa I t8.50A
Joie. LITerm ore 1 ti i.BOa
• \u25a0OOP The Owl ifc— lied— Xewman. Lo*
Banoa. Mendota. Fresno. Tnlare.
BakeraneULLoaAnsele* 8-BOA
t8 30p Hay ward. Nile* ami San Jose 7.20a
••COp Hay ward. Nile* and San Jo*e 9 50*
8. OOp Eaatern Kxpres* — Opden. Omaha,
Chicago. IJcnver. Kaosas City* '
St. Lout*, via Martinez. Stockton.
Sacramento. Colfax. Reno 12-50*
t.OtP Yalleio. daily, except Sunday.... \ \u25a0» Rn _
7 -OOP ValleK Sumlay only f 7 - 60 *
7. OOp Richmond, bau Pablo. Port Coals,
Mjirttnex aad Way Station* 11-20*
7. OOP Ber*> Pas*enger— Port Costa, Sul-
*un, Klmtra. I>av:«. Sacramesto,
Truckee, Lake Tahoe, Reno,
ToQopah. Spark* 750*
I.Oop Port Coita. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. M o d e \u25a0 t a.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Co»ta 12-20-
S-OSp Yosemite Valley, via Bcrenda and
, _ Wawona 8.60a
I-05P Martinez. Tracy. Stockton 10 20a
I-OSp Oreeun A California Express— Sac-
rameato, Marysvllle. Reddlag.
Portland. Puget Soand and East. 8-60*
8.1 Op Bayward, N lies aad San Josa (.^•o.'n-
dayonly)... ti-SOA
COAST LINE Oarrnw Waoge).
(Koot of Market Street.)
7-4 SA Santa CrnzSxcnnloaiSundayoaly) 0.1 0»
8.16a Newark. CenterTtlle. San Jose,
Felton, BoalderCreek. B:c Basis.
Santa Crux and Way Station*... S 55 P
19.16A AlTarado. Xcwirk, San Juse. Los
Gatos.Glenic-ood, Felton. Boulder
Creek. Big Basin. Santa Crt ix 8.1Q-
12-15P Newark. Centerrllle. Saa Joae,
New Almaden. Los Oato«.Felton.
. Bonlder Creek, Santa Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations 10.35*
4-IBp Newark, San Joie. Loa Gatos t3-S5*
4-15P Wright. Boulder Creek and Santa
Cruz. Saturday aad Sunday only. 68-55*
COAST LINE (Broad ...a*.,.
Pf^ ft bird and Townsend Street*.?
6-10a San Jose and Way Station* 8 30»
17. 00a San Jose and W»y Button* g 4Q»
7.16a Monterey aad Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10 30"
• 00a New Almaden (Tuei.. Frld.. only), 4.10*
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jo*e. Salinas.
Saa Ardo, Paso Roblei. Santa
Margarita. San Luis Oblspo. Santa
Barbara. San Buenaventura.
Montalvo, Oxnard. Bnrbank. Los
Angeles 10 4S»
8.00a Gllroy. Ho!liat«Jr. Castrorliie. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Surf, Lorn .-
poc 10.45*
8.00a 8an Jose. Tres P!no*,WatsonTli:e,
Capltola. Santa Cruz, PacISo
Grove. Saltaaa San La!* Obltpo
and Principal Way Station*. ... 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Station* 1 20»
1130a Saa ta Clara, San Jose. Los Gatot
130p8anJcse and Way Stations 8 31*
tl OOP Del Monte Express (except Sna-
day) — Santa Clara, San Jose,
WattonTine. Santa Cruz, Del
Monte. Monterey. Pacinc Grore. t12.U»
M0*> Burllngame. San Jo*e. GUroy, Hoi- l§ *^ tw ~
lister, Tre* Plnoa.Pajaro, Watson*
Ttlle. Capitola, 8anta Cruz, Ca*.
troTlIle, Sallna*. Pacific GroTe... 1_ t&%.
4 -30p 8aa Joss and Way Stations ta'nriA
t6 OOP SanU CTara. Saa Jose. Lo* Oatoa. Ia -° U/ *
Wright snd principal Way fltv
,_ __ tlon»(ejcept Sunday) t9.00A
*H? P *» n J°«e* I >J^I«>clpalWaySUOon« 18.40a
fi 45p Basset Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Joie, Gllroy, S»l_M.Paso Robles,
Ban Lai* Oblspo, Eaatc Barbara, ,
Lo* Anc;el«*. Demtaff. £1 Pa«o.
_„ New Orl.ana. New Tork 7 . 18a
•-45 \u25a0> Pajarw, WatsonTine, Capltola, I . 1,
Santa Cruz. Ca*troTllls. Del>.*»H2 w
Mont*. Pacific OroTe ft 10-45*
tf.1BP •saitateo.BerMford.Belmoat.Saa
Carlo*. Kedwood. Fair Oak*.
__„ .Healo Park. Pals Alto.... t»U«_
••JOp Saa Jose and Way Buttons.
,|-S2 P ?»>«> Alto sad Way Buttons i5.il2
I 1 .30p bouth San Francisco. MUlbra«. Bnr-
llacame. San Mateo, Bslmoiu,
Saa Carlo*, Kedwood. Fair Oaia,
m , J_ ; Mealo Park, and Palo Alto 8. 4S»
«11-30PMayfleld. Moonuin View. Saaay-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
. »»\u25a0*«\u25a0« *\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 f^48»>
. _ A for Moraine. P for AfUrnooa.
T Baaday excepted. t Snaday only.
1 Saturday only. » Monday only.
jptopt at ajiiutloat oa »mtdaj.
P^l^^j To SAN RAFAHU
H^|^^ ROSS VALLEY
\z*§^M MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
lS^is^S2SQ»a«Z» via S»u«aUto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STAXDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, week da»« ..
«:30. 7:10. T:45. 8:30. 9:13. 1O :0O. U:to £ £
(11:40 a. ra 1. Sauaallto only), 12:20, l-« s-Jv
4:00, 4:35. 5:15, D:50. «:25. 7:15. 0:6o^'lS-o"
11:33 p. rc «. Sundays and lesal holidays dei»rt
at 7:10. 7:45, 8:30. 9:13. 10:00. U-oo lwo
aTm-. 12:20. 1:00, 1:45. 2:30, 3:13 4^00 4-«P
5:15. 5:00. 6:23. 7:15. 8:15. 9:00. ' 10; 20 11^
Arrlre at San Francisco, week davs «-t-r
7:00. 7:33. 8:13. 8:45. 0:33. 10:20t uW- 6 '"'
12:05, 1:25. 2:50, 3:;J3. 4:20. B:M j-« «\u25a0«*
0:M. 7:55. 10:05. 11:25 p. m. On Sunday, iV*
lesal hcUdays) extra train, arrive at lSf^^foV
'For Fairfax, week days, depart at T:45 _. rn
3:15 p m. On Sundays and legal holiday* »'J
T.45. 8:15. 10-.C0. 11:00 a. m.. 12-.3Q, 1S0I _:«
V " D THROUGH TRATN3.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and. war *»»!-.
9:15 a. m. Sundays only— For Point Reyet
3:13 p. m. dally except Sunday— For C_u-
dsro, etc. >-«•-
*8:15 p. m.. Sundays only — For Cazadero. »««
TICKET OFFICK— 626 Market it &
FEItRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
I_*t« Tfe H»ii»)U« Ttnj rrrlTS)
Ban Frandaco r«*t »f lUtkrt ». San Franclsr*
Week 8«n- _^_S_^ ""ao»- Week"
______^7±. >f_@H^ - d * Y »- D **-
10:00a _«fcS£_&tf 2;0<ii.-1ih05£
10:00 a 11:00 a 3:33 p 3 35 t
l:45r12;20F 8:40 r sill *
I:\ItI 1:45 p 6:13 p 10-0* 1
- *:36 r yj/TT uor ._,
*Th tottty far. ' Tamlyala to li_ IiIIm.
Tic-rr J6a> Makxet a-, (.\iorta fthoro Kallro^fl
Ojrncxx land a_c»_uio ITxx_y, loot Uarfcttit.
EOOUS TO _JCT — Turn., and Unfnm.
MKTBOPOUTi V Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400 j
einelr «nd Jan U7 rooms 35c to $1 60 per day.
«2 to *S per week; the only new and mod- |
*rn bot«-l ar.c rooming house ln San Fran-
dsco that iw.t hot and cold water, electrla
IutMs mil bells, stea;.) heat ln every room
aort Elves free 1-aths and elevator service day
nnil nlgbt to I'.s guests.
SURA DER 10-tS— Nicely furnished room to
let. two "blocks frcm park. '
STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished front
rooms; nlfo single rooms; $2 to ?0 week.
tfU'l'l H Pj 82° — Newly furnished, sunny, front
alcove. bay-u-Indow rooms; grate; hot water;
a^o tlr.gle rooms.
TAYLOR, T10, near Sutter — A One suite or
one tingle room; bath; gentlemen preferred;
reasonable. J
Il'.r. Larcnrr.cnt. 3C1 Suttcr — New brick bl-g..
finely furr.lshed; hot. ccld water, steam beat,
prlvl'.ece to baths; S3 to *G week.
TURK. 30C»Jvi— Large sunny bay-window room.
6Uitable for two. _
UNITED FTATFS. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
roctr.K. S3c to *1 nigtt. II 75 to $8 week; elec- I
trie lights <co gas), running water !n every j
room; elevator. rea.a.-rocm: free bua ; baggage.
VALENCIA. 210— Large sunny room: private
family. -
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d rt.. near Market-
Moat convenient and reapectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 K> night; $2 to »8 week: elevator:
elec. light* ; re— ding -room; free bua; baggage.
WOLF H^me cor. Sixth and Howard — Choice
f urrlsbw* rooms from 15c per night up.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Cam xn au.
A BRANCH of flee cf The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions haabe«n
rjvened at 1008 Market at., opposite Fifth.
Ol>cn until 11 p. m.
BOOMS AITD^BOAJE"^
EXCELLENT BOARD.
HANDSOME ROOMS. SINGLE OR EN SUITE.
MODERATE KATES. FREE BATHS.
NEWPORT. 101S PINE ST.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1031. nr. Jefferson Park
—Furnished front rooms; bath; prl. house;
pood board, $24; two, $36. per month.
IHE COMORA. C21 O' Farrell— Large front.
Tilth bath, and sunny south room; superior
tafcle.
ELLIS. 4.*>3 — Fine furnished rocma. with ex-
ce'.lent table board: nric»s reasonable.
EDDT 112S. ojip. Jefferson Park — Fine turn.
tunny rooms: table board: reaa.; new manag.
HOWARD S41A—^First-clasa board and room.
slnirle or' double. ». r .-t6 wk. : family.
aXMS with bou-d: all locations. Phone Clay
, 1M. • _____
KTNNY fror.t room: private family: excellent
board: reasonable. 1241 Sanchez st.
fi»venscn Mansion, opp. Grace Church annex.
SOT California — Se« rooms. learn prices, try table
ROOMS A~~> BOARD WAJTTEP.
WANTED — Furnished room and board part
. payrc xnt for piano lessons. Box 1739. Call.
ROOMS WABTTED.
LADY wishes room and dinner. re*p. pri. fam-
ily: Ger. ofd. MRS. VIPAL. Rusa House.
TWO unfurnished rooms; close ln; state price.
Bex 1537. Call offlce.
EOOK-SSKXinCJ AGENCY.
HAVE you any rooms to let? If you have and
want them rented quick telephone to Clay 996,
or rail at 117 Sutter st.
P1VUU~~~> NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Claremont Oil Co.,
on October 1. 1WH, will pay a dividend.
No. 4. amounting to $4500, equal to one (lc)
cent per Ehare on its Issued capital stock.
r-syable at the office of the company. 731
Mills building, this city. Transfer books j
close MONDAY, September 26. 1904. at noon. ]
GEORGE J. REMINGTON. Secretary. i
DIVIDEND Notice — Mercantile Trust Company !
of San Francisco. Dividend No. 4 of three |
dollars per thare will be payable at the of- |
fit* of the corporation. 464 California St., San j
Krancisetj, October 1. 1904. Transfer books i
will close September 23. 1904.
JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary.
STOBAOE AOT WABKIOPSia. j
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage, j
packing, ehirping: warehouse. G. G. and Van !
Ness; office 1170 Market, r. 43; tel fouth 750. 1
A— EMPORIUM gtorare & Van Co.; furnltur«. |
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. cr. Third: phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storaee & Moving Co.. of-
fice Poet arid Powell «ts.: t«l. Pri. Ex. 671. j
CUNKLIN'S Storage — Furniture «nd merchan- !
61se. 233 Gnlden Qate ave.; phone East 126. j
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission rt. : tel. Howard 94L F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storare and Furniture Moving Com-
rar.y. 232O Klllm ore rt. ; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Etorag- Co., 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut r-tes.
SEWIKO atACHXZSXS AND SUPPLIES.
TTnr^ r mTE~nriuNGT~ -— — — ~-~^
The White prand ic the. most complete sew-
ing machine on earth; finest furniture, finest
attachment*: make bGth lock and automatic j
* ttltefc: we this wonderful machine at the
White Co.'a new retail office. 915 Market «_ '
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: all klndt rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth.
Tl'HRE are others, but the White is king of
all tew in* machines; visit the new retail
office of the White Co. st 913 Market 6t.
A NEW Hem*-, the best second-hand machine;
ell kinds. $::. $5. $$: guaranteed; where the
-ioHs twine tn the window. 10M Market at.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
NOTICE TO STOCKHOLDERS. Helen Mining
Company (incorporated). San Francisco,
California — At a meeting of the directors and
stockholders of the above company held Sep-
tember ". 1004, on assessment of one (1)
t*nt l*r hham T.as levied on the capital '
stock, payable immediately to the Secre-
tary. M- •'• BROLAN. at the company's of-
fice. r>i*r 7, Pacific st.. San Francisco. Said
\u25a0 «FFes-smer.t becomes delinquent October 17,
1004. end all urpald afsersed stock will be
sold November 2. lt>04, to pay the above at>-
fesf-tr.ent and OMt of advertising. M. J. BRO-
LAN. Secretary.
, jr^EWRTTERS A1TD ST7PFM_3._ |
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Fmlth Premier. $25; other typewriters at i
higher and lower pr.ces: rentals (2 50. Tht 1
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
tD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired,
~7ebster Typewriting Ingpec. Co.. 508 Market.
~~A~T^
A WAY to health; mothers' and daughters'
home treatment; booklet free; write for It.
VIAVI CO.. Van Ness. Phone East 2S2.
JBTUTTERIgQ^gp BTAM1X_H,IN_.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Nesa and Market?
cure*; estab. jn B.F.4 yra. Hours 1 to 6p.ni
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The followlnc marriage licences were Issued
yesterday :
Wilfred T. Guerney, 27, Tuolumne City, and
Belle C. McLaren. 21. 511 Broderick street.
Manuel fc\ Pelxotto. 23, Pescadero. and Ger-
trude Pinkham. 18. Pescadcro.
Ausun N. Pratt, 23, 219 Day street, and
Cora Meeks. 19. 130 South Park.
Wan«n C. Beasley, :», Fort Stevens. Or.
and Jessie C. Phillips. 23. city. >^V-.
Carl G. A. Newman, 32. C23 Sixth street,
and Sadie MacLeod. 27 city.
Felix Demartini. 34. C22 Filbert street, and
Celcstina Dcmartini. 19. 522 Filbert street
Fred W. GuntherJ 24, Bivbee, Ariz and
Eleanor H. Lott. 23, 230V4 Third etrect."
Francl» F. Kullntrom. 21, 1715 Jones street.
and Eda W. Heine. IS, SOU Fillmore street
Alfred J. Buttimer. 37, Vancouver, and Mar-
garet L. Cunningham, ilu, 5»3 O' Farrell street.
Walton V. Angle. 34, Houston, Tex. and
Elizabeth B. Cohen. 22, Houston, Tex. '
Axel A. Anderson, C5, 327 Grant avenue, and
Annie K. Johnson, 30. S27 Grant avenue.
Ray \V. Taylor. 21. Oakland, and Ethel S
Thompson, 21, 2C22 California street.
BlBTflS— MARRIAGES— DEATliSL
Birth, ratrriare and death notices sent by
taall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the same and residence of per-
tons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once Jn this column
tree of cfcarcc.
BORX.
BOIEN— In this city, September 21. 1301, to
tte wife cf P. Bolen, a dausbtww
OLSON— In thla city, September 19. 1904, to
tho wife of Oliver J. Olson, a daughter.
POLIDORI— In this oity. September 15, 1004,
to the wife of N. Pollddrl. a son.
SPRINGER— In this city. September 23, 1004,
to the wife of Kll£3 Springer, a FQn.
MAKRIED.
KLAIBER-BUZZINI-ln this city. s fPj«™-
ber 24, 1904. by the Kev. G. A. Bernthal
AugUFt R. Klaiber and Johanne Henrietta
Buzzlnl. both of Sulsun, Cal.
KNOWLES— WHITE— In this city. September
25 U»C4 by the Kev. Edwin F. Brown. John
R. Kr.owles of this city and Ida G. White of
Stockton.
LAVN— ACERET— In this city, September 25.
1801, by the Rev. G. A. Ecrnthal. Fred Henry
L&un and Louise Acf-ret, both of this city.
NICHOL— m'RT— In this city, September 24,
J1M>1. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John
Nichol ami Margaret Jane Burt.
WADE— BURR— In \u25a0 Haywards. Cal.. Septem-
ber 25. l»04, by the Rev. G. L. Lyonrf, L.
George Wade of San Francisco and Mamie
A. burr of Redding. Shasta County. Cal.
— — — DIED.
Allnop. Ida Jackson, Charlotte X..
Bogliollo. Varoniea Johnson. Gertrude
Bremcr, William H. Kelly, Patrick J.
Bunker Paul Knox. William H.
Byrnes, Mary J. Leonard, Gertrude
Cornwall Pierre B. Lcpresti. Dominicla
Covel. Elizabeth McKean.Charlotte E.
Craig, William Nicholson, Parker
Cross, Betsey Raulet, Charles
Crowley. George M. Uhl. George
Dean. William Vizzard, Kathryn L
Fisher, Fannie Welch, Edward
ALLSOP— In this city, September 26, 1804,
Ida. beloved daughter of Robert and Emma
Allsop, and elster of Emma, California,
Barah and Irene Allsop, a native of Califor-
nia, aged 14 years 6 months and 17 days.
E_ p Fri«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 a. m., from the family
residence 217 Harriet street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
BOGLIOLIO — In this city, September 24, 1B04,
Varoniea. beloved wife of the late Giovanni
Bogliollo and mother of Alex. Antone, John
and Louis Bogliollo and Mrs. Maria
Gotelll. a native of Italy, aged S2 years.
C7"The funeral will take place Thursday.
September 29, at Coulterville. Marlposa
County Cal. Remains at parlors of Castag-
netto Sl Co.. W3-45 Vallcjo street, between
Stockton and Montgomery avenue, until
Tuesday, 7:30 a. m.
BREMER — In this city, September 26. 19Ot,
William U., beloved husband of Amelia
Bremer and beloved father of Milton and
Helen Bremer, a native of Germany, aged
«2 years and 4 months.
(C~Notice of fur.eral hereafter.
BUNKER— In Providence, R. I.. September 18,
1VKH. Paul Bunker of Alameda, Cal., be-
loved father of Mrs. Carrie R. Avery. a na-
tive of "Nantucket, Mass.. aged 73 years.
C7"Funeral cervices will be held to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 p. m., at his late resi-
dence. 2021 San Antonio avenue, Alameda.
Intermtnt private.
BYRNES — In Kentfleld, Marin County, Sep-
tember 25. 1904. Mary J. Byrnes, beloved
mother of John F.. Harry A. and James S.
Byrnes a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
(Virginia, Nev.. papers please copy.)
C7Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), September 27. at 8:30 a. m., from
her late residence, 643 Hayes street, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her sou), commencing at 0 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORNWALL — In this city, September 25, 1004,
Pierre B. Cornwall, husband of Sada t>.
Cornwall, and father of Mrs. Florence C.
Moore. Mrs. Edward Fisher and Arthur W.
and Bruce Cornwall, a native of Delaware
County, N. Y., aged 82 years 10 months and
2 days.
(_T Funeral private.
COVEL — In Coulterville, Cal., September 26,
1904, Elizabeth, Idolized daughter of James
M. and Elizabeth Covel, loving Bister of
James. Horatio. William. Grace, Aline, Alice
and Thomae G. Covel, and grandchild of John
and Eliza Hallinan. a native of Coulterville,
aged 5 years 3 months and 3 days.
CRAIG— In this city. September 26. 1004. Wil-
liam Craig, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
CROSS — In Oakland, Cal.. September 26, 1904,
Betsey Cross, dearly beloved mother of Hat-
tie Cross, a native of Solon, Maine, aged S5
years 4 months and 9 days.
CROWLEV— In this city, September 24. 1004.
George M. Crowley, beloved son of Bar-
tholrr.a and Mary Crowley, and brother of
William B. and J. H. Crowley, Mrs. James
Sheridan and Mrs. J. Heron, a native of
Calaveras County, Cal., aged 33 years. A
member of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F.
O. E.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m., from the funeral
parlors of Jamet McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street, under the auspices of San Francisco
Aerie No. 5, F. O. E. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
DEAN— In this city. September 26, 1904, at
his residence, 231 Chenery street, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of William and An-
nie Dean, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 4 months and 8 days.
FISHER— In this city. September 25. 1904,
Fannie, beloved wife of Sigmund Fisher,
beloved mother of Cella Fisher and sister of
Julia Finger, a native of Austria, aged 67
years. (New York City papers please copy.)
. C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10 a. m., at her late
residence, 1231 Webster street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
JACKSON— In this city, September 25. 1904.
Charlotte Louiae Jackson, beloved daughter
of Charles and Louise Jackson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 month and 10 days.
1 >C~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m., from the residence
of her parents, 421 Harriet street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. September 26, 1904,
Gertrude Johnson, dearly beloved daughter
of Mary Johnson and the late Nels Johnson,
and sister of Edna and Emily Johnson, a na-
tive of Sacramento, Cal., aged 7 years 1
month and 28 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her mother, 353 Edinburgh street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. September 24. 1904,
Patrick J., beloved husband of- the late-
Annie Ryan Kelly, and loving father of
Emmet O'Connor. * native of Ireland, aged
55 years 7 months and IS days. A member
of Court Inter Nos No. 18. F. of A.
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the-funeral Tuesday.
September 27, at 9 a. m., from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue, thence to St. Patrick's Church, on
Mission street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery via the 11:30 a., m. train
from Third and Townsend streets depot.
KNOX— In Oakland, Cal., September 20. 1904.
William Henry, beloved husband of Emma
Knox, and father of Emma W., Henrietta,
Clara. Ernest, Fred, Iva, Julia, Dottle and
William Knox, a native of Germany, aged
Z'J years.
LEONARD— In this city. Sept-mber 20, 1004,
Gertrude Irene, beloved daughter of Mathew
A. and Mary E. Leonard, a native of San
Krancieco, aged 20 years 3 months and 5
days.
CDTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m., from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2934 Twenty-second
Ktreet. Inter— tent private.
LOPRESTI— In this city. September 25, 1904,
Dorainicia B.. beloved daughter of Anthony
and Catherine Loprestl. and sister of Con-
stance. Nofrio, Ignatius. Rose Florence,
Anthony, Floyd and Arthur Loprestl, a na-
tive of Ban Francisco, aged 17 years and
26 days.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence. 4S9 Fell street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for th« repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McKEAN— In this city. September 25, 1904
Charlotte B. McKean. beloved granddaughter
of Hessie McKean Scott, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 4 months and 2
days.
NICHOLSON— In this city, September 26, 1904.
Parker Nicholson, a native of Ireland, aged
59 years and 10 months.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
{Wednesday), at 9:15 a. m.. from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Mary's Church (Paullst).
where a requiem high mags will b« cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
RAULET— In this city. September 25, 1904.
Charles, beloved husband of Mrs. Roealle
Raulet, and father of Agnes. Charles. Leon e!
la 2T lr « nd Paul K*" 1 ". » native of France,
aged 4S years and 4 months. >r^T
, £~Frl* nd » and acquaintance* are respect-
I«"_, lnv L tM v t0 " ttend tne fune "U to-moVrow
(Wednesday) at 9 a. in., from the parlor.
of Julius S. Godeau. 810 Van Ness avenue.
F. J. Monaaan. Manager. Tel. Mission 81.
MONAHAN, O'HARA& CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMEKS
2339-2341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansea. I
JAMES McGINN _ CO., I
Formerly With McGinn -• Bros. / ' I
Funeral Directors : and Embalmera —I
214 Eddy at. Tel South 676. . J
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
des Vlctotres, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
Interment Holy CroES Cemetery.
UHL— In Jacksonville, Fla., September 20.
1004. George, beloved husband of Marie Uhl,
father of Adolph and George Uhl, and son
of Mrs. Mareraretta Schwerdt, a native of
Cincinnati. Ohio, aped &8 yeare. A mem-
ber of Southern California Lodge No. 278,
F. and A. M.
C7"The funeral services will be held Thurs-
day, September 2*J, at 2 p. m.. at the Ma-
scnlc Temple, corner of Twelfth and Wash-
ington streets, Oakland, by Oakland Lodge
No. 18S, F. and A. M. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
VIZZARD— In this city. September 25, 1004,
Kathryn Isabel, oldest daughter o£ Joseph
and Katie Vizzard, aged 11 years and 11
months.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
WELCH — In this city, September 23, 1904, Ed-
ward Welch, son of the late Edward and
Abble Welch, and brother of Mrs. A. Garbini.
a native of New York City, aged 45 years 10
montha and 10 days.Holder* of Bran are reporting a rather nrmer
market in spite of liberal receipts from the
north, a* the rain has damaged the ilry feed
so that an Increased demand for Bran Is ex
pected In consequence. The situation In Hay
remains unchanged. Receipts were Urge Again
yesterday be'ng 1C23 tons, including p 3i! cars.
Rolled Barley Is rising In sympathy with the
raw grain. •
BRAN— $20©21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24@28 - per ton.
SHORTS— $20^21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23 50©24 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. Ml 5OJ? 32 50;
Jobbing $33; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23: Corn
Meal $30 50@31 50: - Cracked Corn. $31 ©32:
Mixed Feed $22@22 60; Horse' Beans, $30@40
per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $0#13 50. with an advance for
extra fine; Wheat and Oat. $$3 U; Oat. $89
10 60; Barley and Oat. $769; Volunteer Wild
Oat. $6 50-08 50; -stable, **68 50; stock, $5 60
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Scot. 26.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creamery, 14!ftlO%c: dairy, lS®17c \u25a0 Cheese
was firm at 8%«W%c. Eggs were steady.
ELGIN. 111., Sept. 26.— Butter ruled firm on
the Board of Trade to-day, selling at 20c a
pound, ah advance of %c from last week's
prices. Sales for the -week- were 693,000
pounds. ' . , _ • * .'
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half bbls. 814c; one. tierce, 8%c; two tlerct*.
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
The market shows no change whatever.
Brokers' wires from Chicago yesterday sald
"Whlle the market is not active, it is strong
and shows .an advancing tendency. ' Receipts of
hogs continue small and the distributive de
mand Is good. We here look for higher prices
Stocks of provisions are running low."
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 11 %c per lb for
heavy, ll%o for light medium. 14<s for light.
14%o for extra . light and 17c for sugar
cured; dry salt Sides, 10% c; Bellies. 12c;
Eastern sugar-cured Hajos, 14c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13 %c; Mess Beef. $10<gl0 50 per
bbl: extra Mess. $11811 60; Family. $12®12 50
prime Mess Pork. $14 50; extra clear. • $24*
Mese. $18; Dry. Salted Pork. 10% c; Pis Pork.
$2B; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef We per lb
LARD — Tierces quoted at «%c - per lb for
compound . and 9%c for pure; hair. barrels
pure. 9%c: 10-lb tins. 10%c; 5-lb tin*. 10%c:
3-lb tins. 10%c.
Provisions.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 SQQ
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 7O@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $3 S5Q4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Price* in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 Iba;
Rye Flour. $3; ' Rye Meal. $2 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50: extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal $3 75; Oat Groats. $4; Hominy.
$3 6063 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4; Cracked
Wheat - $3 60; Farina, $3 73; Whole Wheat
Flour '$3 60; Boiled Oats. bbls. $6 DO® 7 60: Is
sacks." $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Pea*,
boxes $3 60; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles — . Receipts. . Shipments.
Flour, barrels ." 23,000 23,400
Wheat, bushels 137,000 165,000
Corn, bushels \u25a0' .259.600 747.700
Oats, bushels ....210,600 170,200
Rye; bushels .............. 8,000 6,000
Barley, bushels .;...... .-. .228,800 233,700
CHICAGO, Sept. 2C. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour steady. No. 2. spring wheat
$1 18: No. 3, ?1 05#l lS>-i: So. 2 red, $1 11%
15%-. No. . 2 corn, 62%c: No. 2 yellow,
54%c; No. 2 oats, 30%G31c; No. 2 white,
3L»@32%c; No. :; white. 30%®ni%c; No. 2
rye, 74c; good feeding barley. 30@37c: fair to
choice maltine, 41@49c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 00;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 15%; prime timothy
seed, $2 «5@2 75; mess pork, per bbl., $11 73
011 fcO; lard, per 100 lbs., $7 50; short ribs
sides (loose). ?7 75®7 87: short clear sides
(boxed), $8 5068 75; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 26%; clover, 'contract grade, $3©
12 60. • \ •
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Local Securities Sell Very Well at
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchanga
was very fajr, and the tone of the market
was generally steady. The feature was th*
continued advance In Pacific States TeL A
Tel. Co.. the stock rising $2 50 to $113 50.
Other fluctuations w«re narrow. The oil and
mining stocks exhibited no new features.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday — The Illinois Cruda
Oil Company, a regular monthly of U 4 - per
share, amounting to $2300; the Homeutak 1 ?
Mining Company of South Dakota, a rwjular
monthly of 25c: the Calumet and Hecla Minin?
Company of Michigan, a regular quarterly of
$10 re^share. amounting to $l.rtiO.0OO. making
a totaTof $86,330,000 distributed to stockhold
ers; the Northern California Power Company,
a regular monthly of 5c per share, amountins
to $3000. , _,
The Claremont Oil Company has declare a
dividend of lc per share, amountins to $4300.
payable November 1.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a regu
lar monthly dividend of 20c per share Octo-
The Wellesley Land and Improvement Com
pany of San Francisco has levied an asx-sa
ment of $20 per *hare. delinquent October 23.
The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Bank of California has been
called for October 11. \u25a0 - .
The Greene Consolidated Copper has de
clared s dividend of 3 per cent, payable Octo
ber 28 Thl* U dividend No. S and the third
dividend of 3 ner cent this year. It «»£« »
total dividend payment to date ottl.1SO.WO
The Con. CaL St Va. Mining Company has
levied »n assessment of 25c.
STOCK AST) BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Sept.- 26—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. -
Bid. Ask.! Bid Ask.
4s ar <»up.-107%l<« l*« qr «rp new.iril^.rriU
4^ or re* .106%lC7 I 4- qr coup. . .1C3% 105*4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — IOTCo0s...H»!l-
AcctdOll^.70 TOKI Do 5s.. ....HI -
Bar CPC 5s.lC0% — \ Do con .'*..— 103
g O^bV 02 '" ~ iSn, e "c'Ry^:i2l £*
v m & « 5a- — Sl%i Pac G Im *a. 93 96
CaT-st C 59.112% — IP E Ry 3«..105S —
C C Wat 5*. 88 - !P * C H «".W4 '—
Ed LAP 63.121 123 P & O R «-.1U -
FKH 6s. - - I Powell-st 6s. — —
It is very early In the season to report most
of the Fruits already out of growers' hands,
but such in the case. The dealers who hold
them are very flrm. and though the demand is
not active at present, they decline to maka
any concessions to buyers. All kinds remain
unchanged except Figs which are lower.
FRUITS— New crop— Apricots, 7%©9%e for
Royals and 9@12c for Moorparks; Nectarines,
5?i©7c: Peaches. 6%©8%c per lb; Pears. 7©
12c: Plums, pitted. 6@6%c for black. 8@S%c
for red nnd 708%c for vellow; Figs. 2-crown
bricks. SOc; 3-crown. 55c: 4-crown, 60c; 6
crown, 65c; bulk white 2ft@3c; black, 3Uc
Evaporated Apples, 5%@7c per lb.
PKUNES— 1 '4*11*4 c per lb for the four *lse*.
RAISINS— 1904 crop t. o. ' b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 2S«2 80; Dehesa. $1 85<32;
London Layers. 80c@$l; Loose Muscatels. 4
crown, 3%@4c; 3-crown. 3fi3 : Sc; 2-crown.
2%ft2 T i ? : Seedless. 2%S2Mc: Floated. 2Wc;
Seeded 3%©5%c; Thompson's Seedless, 4%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 3@3Hc. 1903 crop— Loose
Muscatels. 2g2%c; Seedless, l%c; Floated. 2c;
Pacifies. l-"Ji®2tfc; Seeded. 3%©4%c; Malagas.
l%<U2 l 4c per lb; Seedless Sultanas, 2c.
' NUTS — New Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, lie;
No. 2 9c; No 1 hardshell. 10%c; No. 2 8%c;
Almonds. 16S17C for Nonpareils. 14614 %c for
I X L. 13@14c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie for
Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@3.
HONEY— Comb. 11% if 12c for white and 10©
llo for amber; water white extracted. 5%t?
6c; light amber extracted. 8O5%c; dark. 3»
4%c. .'
BEESWAX— 27©23o per lb.
Dried Fruits Jtf uts,Raisins Ji oney.
NTTW TORK. Kept. 26. — Close. Money on
c*ll firm. 1 »~©2 p*?r cent; closing bid, 1 per
cent: offered, 1% per cent.
T:me loaxs, steady; cixty days, 3 per cent;
ninety day*, 3% per cant; six months, 4 per
cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4%<?3 per cent.
Rterlfr.Fr »-x<-l»ange firmer with aftue* bud
jwss in fcanfccrV b!Hs at *4.S573©4.S5S» for
demand and $4.s£l5£,i.S335 fcr sixty-day
bUlf.
Ported rates. $1 S4'.i -end *l RS%fi4 87.
Ojinmerclsil hills, $4 K^afU 83%.
liar silver, 57^j.c.
. Mexican dollar*.. 45%c.
Ocrvercment bauds strong: railroad' bonds
firm. \u25a0- .-..-..--.,.-»;
New York M'onev Market.
IirrijT.lf'.n^. -^
Wisconsin — Arp»es pood: cranberrr picking
proc*t<Sinr r»pl<lly, quality good, yield light.
I"wa — Winter apple* maturing well.
Xsv.ra? — Arples fair.
t£.V: -- — Late frutt better than expected.
Colorado — Fruit e*oe!lent.
Vtah— Fruit abundant.
X\'a*h«rston— Hop harvest profii'esilng; yield
\izt-l tc averare.
Ore^cs — Bap harvest general and progressinr
rr.j'idly: yield below average, but quality good;
suevmer aprlts continue to drop, but late va
rktle*. DTomiee abundant yield; prune* ripen
lt£: crop lisht.
* , : »
! EASTERN 3IAEKETS. |
• ,_#
N*"w Englir.il — Large crop of apple*, excep
tloca2!y Cse quality and color, except In Rhode
Island asd Connecticut.
New York — Large yield of fine apples; graphs
gcod.
New Jersey — Late apple* dropping; pears
abundant.
PwiriFylvaiilsv — Apples promising.
Maryland and Delaware — Continued drought
lEturtnr winter apples
Virginia — Apples Bcarce.
North Carolina— Fruit ehort.
Florida— Rain benefited citrus fruits, pine-
M3Plef and vegetables la central aad southern
districts.
Arkansas — Apples «nd peaches promise fair
yields.
Tennessee — Apple* still dropping.
MlfiourJ — Appl»» poor; peaetoes" good.
minci* — Outlook for apples In northern half
crtatly Improved, eiwwhere almotst a failure.
Trdiana — Api'l'^ falling, crop light.
West Virginia — Apples below average; grapes
T>l**nti;ul: peaches fair yield. \u25a0'
Ohio — P1ur.s, pears and grapes plentiful; ap
pif* rood in corthweM; peaches rood on high
r«<l»es.
Michigan— Late apple* aad pear* continue
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 28.
Flour, qr sks... 15.560! Wool, bales 114
Wheat ctls.... 1,982! Feed. sks. 331
Barley, ctls.... 9,3851 Hides, No 95.1
Oats ctls 4,2841 Pelts. No 1.135
Rye*cU« 435! Tallow, etls ' 209
Beans sks 2.23.8! Leather, rolls... 6-1
Potatoes, sks... 3,736! Lime, bbls 273
Onions sks.... 3161 Paper, rms...... -155
Bran eks 1.34S Wine, gals M.20O
Middlings, sks. -"' Ralnins. bxs.... 1,6£A
Hay. tons 1,02:;) Quicksilver, flxs. 2
Hops, bales.... 323! Honey, car %
OREGON. *
Flour qr aka... 17.198! Bran. §ks 2.&T5
Wheat, etls.... 6,«95!Wool. bales 9
Oats. Ctl» 4,2451 • • V
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 12% $1 12% $1 12% $1 12%
OATS — The situation remains unchanged.
Offerings are liberal, but in view of the very
good seeding demand and * the strength in
Wheat and Barley holders are firm and make
no concessions.
White $1 o7%@l 55; Surprise, $1 6001 60;
Red, $1 22%@1 42% for feed and $1 40@l 50
for seed: Black. $1 30@l 85 for feed and $1 60
@1 70 for seed.
CORN — The market remains as befcre
quoted being quiet and more or >ess weak.
Western sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Yellow, $1 45
for White and $1 40&1 42% for Mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow. $1 40@l 45; small round
do $1 &5@>1 62%: White, nominal; Egyptian,
$l'333?l 45 for White and $1 25® 1 30 ' for
Brown.
RYE— $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per ctl.
2. p. m. Sesaion.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 12 $1 13% $1 12 $1 12%
Feed,' $1 07%(gl 12%; new Brewing and
Shipping. $1 15«1 17%; Chevalier. *1 17%»y
$1 SO per ctl.
FUTURES. '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 51 $1 61% $1 51 $1 51%
BARLEY — Both futures and cash grain were
slightly higher and flrm, with active trading
In the former. It Is not thought that the rain
has thus far done very \u25a0 serious damage to
sacked grain In field and on river banks,
though some has unquestionably been in
jured.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
December ...$1 51% $1 51% $1 50% $1 51
May 1 52y 4 182% 152% 182%
. California Club, $1 40@l 50; California White
Australian $1 55@1 62%: Northern Club. $1 40
&l 50: Northern Bluestem. $1 57%61 62% per
•ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. rn.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The world's shipments for the
week were as follows. In quarters : J Russian.
645,000; Danublan, 119.000; Argentine. 69,000;
Indian, 155,000; Australian. 58.000.
Chicago was 3%c lower on the day. Th»
wires of E. F. Hutton & Co. said: "Wheat
took its tone wholly from the large, primary
receipts. While there waa again a good cash
business In all the markets, it was no better
than heretofore, and possibly a little less.
Traders, however, seem to take the view that
the movement Is likely to continue large for
some time to come and that with only a mod
erate milling demand this demand is likely
to get filled up atid stocks are likely to ac
cumulate quite rapidly. This view has with
drawn some of the best recent buyers from the
market, and a good many are disposed to
hold oft for awhile. Threshing returns in the
Northwest are also in many cases better than
had been expected. Cables only partiallly fol
lowed Saturday's advance here and anyhow
cables are not much of a feature."
In this market futures were active and lc
lower on the morning session, but the cash
grain was unchanged.
The grain standard committee of the Grain
Exchange yesterday fixed the following stand
ards for Wheat and Barley for the current
crop year: Wheat. 60 lbs to the bushel for
No 1 and choice milling and 69 lbs for No.
1 white; Barley. 52 lbs for No. 1 Chevalier
and 42% lbs for No. 1 dark feed.
Wheat and Other Grains.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1 50 per crate; Nut
meg Melons. 73c@S5c per box; Watermelons,
S0cfi$2 50 per dozen.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates: Seedless,
50«r«0c: Tokay. 35®60c; Muscat. 30€60c; Isa
bella, 50@75c: Black, 23@50c. Large open
boxes. 50c@$> 25; Wine Grapes, $1&@23 per ton.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $2 3u©3 60 per
box for Valencias; Lemons', . $2 50Q3 for
fancy. $1 73@2 25 for choice and $1 2501 30
for Standard; Grape Fruit. $2 &0Q3; Mexican
Limes. $4 C0@3 per case; Bananas, $1 25@2
per bunch, for Central American and 75ctf
$1 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples. $3Q4 80 per
dozen.
FIGS— Nominal.
Three cars of Cape Cod Cranberries have ar.
rived and are offering at $S 23ft s 50 per barrel.
They are small sized, but of good color.
Trade in fresh fruits was of small . volume,
but as receipts of all descriptions were very
. light.- dealers were enabled to dispose of a con
siderable portion of the supplies held over from,
Saturday. Prices of Nutmeg Melons and Can-
Jtaloupes were advanced sharply and choice
eating Pears were firmly held at higher rates.
Persimmons were lower at 90c@$l per box.
while other tree fruits stood about as previous
ly quoted. A car of fancy Apples, consisting
chiefly of Gravenstelns and Kings, were re
ceived from the Hood River country in Ore
gon. The Apples were held at $1 23@1 30 per
I box, according to variety and quality. Seed
1 less Grapes were in limited supply and flrm.
• but stocks of other table kinds were excessive
and a portion of the receipts showed the effects
of the rain, being more or less decayed. Re-
I celpts of Wine Grapes included some wet stock
and prices had a wider range in consequence.
} Dry lots were In good request and steady and
some handlers were asking $24 per ton, but
j very little business waa reported at that figure.
Receipts of Berries were less than 10 chests
and were quickly disposed of at better prices.
Citrus and tropical fruits were quiet and fea
tureless.
STRAWBERRIES— $8 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— Nominal.
RASPBERRIES— $8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— $2 50<33 per box for Coos
Bay and $3 25{?S 50 for Cape Cod.
APPLES— $l«il 25 per cox for fancy. 639
, 90c for choice and 25@50c for common.
! PEARS— Bartletta. $1 25©1 CO per box; Win
ter Nellls. $1@1 25; other winter varieties 33
©75c.
PEACHES— Small boxes, 40@75c; open boxes,
50c@$l.
PLUMS — 50c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 40@60c for small and $1
@i 50 for larze boxes.'
QUINCES — 23@50c per bpx.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Mexico • O^:£J?
Berlin on London .20.40%
Parts »n London 25.18%
Sterling Exchange, elxty days... — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8«U
Sterling Exchange, cables — * 87U
New York Exchange, sight — 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 0.%.
Silver, per ounce — 87%
Mexican Dollars — 4e
Silver was slightly higher.
LOCAL.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5®3Vic; San Quer.tia.
$4 50; Wool Bags. 30(g32c; Fleece Twine, "Vac;
Fruit Bags. «%S" %c for white and 7c tar
brown Jute. •
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $S Z0:
Beaver Hill. S3 60; Roslj-n. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 ta
bulk and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $!) per ton; Coke.
$11 50-gliS per ton in bulk and $15 in fack«;
Rocky ; Mountain descriptions. $S 50 per short
ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for case*
add 5c; Linseed. 57a per gallon for boiled and
65c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers* AA. cases. $1 1OQ1 12: Lucol. SOc tor
boiled and 45c for raw; China Nut. cases,
65680c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
58e for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whal*
Oil 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil 73c; No. 1 Lard Oil 63c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot OH.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c- Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
-Fish Oil. 35c: boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. tn balk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%e; Astral. 19V,c;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 26c; Eo
cene. 23c: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk.
16c: in cases. 22 %c; Benzine. In bulk. 13c; la
cases. lO'l-c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk. 23c:
tn cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 81c per gallon la ease* aatt
75c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%1»
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7K97%c. accord:**
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib. in 100- lb bags!
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 8.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c; Dry
Granulated. One. 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100- lb bags only). ; Confectioners' A. 8c;
Magnolia Jl. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50cj Golden C.
5.40c; "D." 6.30c: barrels. 10c more; bait
barrels. 25o more: boxes. SOc more: 50- lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
6.60c; boxes. 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domtnoa.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less toaa
•eventy-five barrels or its equivalent
General Merchandise.
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, Sept. 26. — A break of 4 cents a
bushel in the price of wheat occurred here
to-day. The decline was due to general liqui
dation and to the execution of numerous
stop-loss orders. Surprisingly heavy primary
receipts e<jfotributed to the weakness. The mar
ket closed at almost the lowest point of the
day the December option ehowlng a net loss
of 3%@3%c. Corn Is off vi'Slc. Oats are
down %c. Provisions are up 2%c to 10c.
At the start the market showed a fair degree
of firmness the December option being %@}4c
to %(t%c higher at $1 14% to $1 14%. Initial
quotation* on May were a shade lower * to a
shade higher at $1 15V4 to $1 15%. To a large
extent the firm opening was due to the strength
of foreign grain markets, wheat price* at Liv
erpool being up:,nearly;a penny., -Immediately
after the opening two or three big operators
began to sell out lines. of long wheat. .This
was followed by similar action on the part of
the smaller holders. As a result prices started
on the down grade, the declining tendency
continuing throughout the entire session. Weak
ening influences early in the day were liberal
arrivals in the Northwest and expectations for
still larger receipts. As prices declined, many
stop-loss orders were reached, and the expec
tation of these orders added to the weakness.
Unexpectedly heavy arrivals in the Southwest
and an increase of nearly 2,000,000 bushels
in the visible supply were late 'bear factors.
The low point of the day was reached just
before the close, when December sold at
$1 10%, a decline of 4 cents from the opening
high price. At the same time May sold at
$1 11%. Sentiment at the close was extremely
weak, final quotations on December being at
$1 10%. May closed at $1 11%. Clearances
of wheat arid flour were equal to 26,800 bush
els. The amount on passage decreased 720,000
bushels and the visible supply increased
1,193,000 bushels. Primary receipts were
1,890,700 bushels, compared with 1,167,200 bush
els a year ago. Minneapolis, Duluth and Chi
cago reported receipts of 1155 cars, against
1047 cars last week and 964 a year ago.
Continued warm weather throughout the
West had a weakening influence on the corn
market early In the day, and later the severe
break in wheat prices added to the depres
sion.
The market closed at almost the lowest point
of the day. December opened a shade to %@
%o lower at 50%@51%c, sold off to 50%@
50%c and closed at 50Hc Local receipts were
470 cars, with C4 of contract grade.
Oats were weak, In sympathy with other
grains. December opened %@V4c higher at
31%c to 31%c, sold to 30%c and closed at
30»4c Local receipts were 236 cars.
In spite of the weakness In corn, the pro
vision market was firm. Small receipts of
hogs and higher prices at tha yards were the
bull factors. There was evidence of buying
on a fair scale by packers. Selling was mainly
in the way of profit-taking. At the close Jan
uary pork was up 10c to $11 35. Lard waa
up 7%c at $7 43. \u25a0\u25a0 Ribs closed at a gain of
2%<JT5c at $0 90@6 02%.
Estimated receipts to-morrow — Wheat, 102
cars: corn. «23 cars; oats, a35 cars; hosts
25.000 head.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September, old. 1 14 1 14 1 liu l'lffc
September, new 1 12 1 12 1 08«J »i 0!>
December 114% 114% 110% 1 10»k
May 1 15% 1 15% 1 11% 1 ll?i
Corn No. 2 —
September 53 53 62% 62%
December 51% 61% 50%' 50>i
May 49?i 49% 4S% 4S?i
Oets No. 2 —
September 30 '30% 20% 29%-
December 31% 31% - 30% 30%
May '.. 33% 33% 33 33
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
October 11 CO 11 €2% 11 57% 11 62>4
January 13 35 13 35% 13 27% 13 S5*
Lard, per 100 lbs.—
October 7 27% 7 37% 7 27% 7 35
January 7 40 7 45 7 37% 7 45
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.— •
October 7 «5 7 80 7 65 7 80
January 6 02% 6 05 6 90 0 92%
Future Grain and Provisions.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Railroad Earnings.
T^e st-** eamicss Ir. August frcm traffic
cf ibe B*:tinjore aad Ohio Railroad Company.
Ir.ciu3ir.ff the Baltimore and Ohio. Baltimcle anj
Ohio Southwestern. Ohio Hiver Railroad, West
ViT7r;r.;x Short Line, Ripley a.nd MT11 Creek
gVilley. Pittsbur* and W.-stern. PUtsJainr.
.'air.i'«vi;!e and Fairport, Plttsburg. Cleveland
*I'o-J c!trl0 Er3 tbe Plttsburg Junclicn, were
?. .«^>,o52. a <J acreage of $119,000, when com
pared with Augu*«. 1903. The expenses were
$.:.46<>,1K:. a decrease of $70,514. and the net
esj-nings from traffic were $2,381 210 a de
crease of $18.5S2.
Salmon Exports in August.
* The following shows the exports of s*Jmon
from San Francisco by sea in August 1904
c ., To T~ . Cases. Pkjrs. ' Values.
1-nfrland gjja ... $15,732
Hawaiian Is'&sds 754 675 8.723
Tahiti iSS 27 M97
Scuth Africa ldO ... 590
Triniiad Island ..* 150"* ... «25
Jamaica 110 ... 350
Mexico .... jjgi ... 1259
Central America ;J3~ ... «78
tooth America 41 195
Cfc'.na 1S5 ... - ti
East Indie* 533 . . , WK)
Australasia 97 ... 4;^
Sea Inlands 244 21 7t)4
LTlsewbere -40 ... 140
Jfta's 3459 723 $32,208
The quantities fpecifled above aa packages
represent pickled f&lmon in barrels half bar
r<-!s>, kits, etc. The exports in August 1903,
w , rr f, \u25a0' io:9 c«f*s and e»l packages, valuci at
Stocks, Cotton and Cotfcc.
The Wall etreet wires or E. F. Hutton &.
Co. yesterday eaid:
STOCKS— Bullish aentiment on the general
tt«ck market was stimulated very materially
ui-day by the eharp break of nearly .four
•.er.vs iri the price of wheat in Chicago and
ever three cents here and corn selling off
a cent, with central liquidation and much
. nior* . rivorab> weather conditions and bet
ter crop reports tbe chief features causing these
rnmiruens. The outlook is favorable for con-
Cv.uoJ sood trading and we wculd favor pur
chase* of any of the good railroad stocks and
. U such 'were judiciously made and held for
a reasonable length of time we believe they
•;l.I. ithow moderate profitai We would ad
w*e, however, against ever trading, as we do
not expect to ete any big rise in prices from
this level until the corn and cotton crops
njive passed beyond the stage of serious frost
(Jamas:*. The buying of «tocks continues bet
ter than the Bellinp. There is very little pres
sure tratn ion* «tock« .and \-ery little ln_ the
situation that we can see to make any. There
19 an improving tendency to general business
and the operative forces are. we think, of a
• h&racter that will increase this tendency. The
agricultural community everywhere is pros
c l>erou*; even where the farmers have but
half a crop of wheat they are realizing as
much money for it as they would fcr a big
crop. There ts nothing in the financial eltu
atioa ir. dr.y quarter to threaten or disturb
the market. Stocks etlll offer an inviting in
vestment to the millions of idle money. We
see nothing to change the tendency.
COTTON — The reaction in the ccttoa market
to-day was not at all surprising in view of
50 much bullish talk and open manipulation
ry tie large bull interests which marked the
cloee of trading at the end of last week, and
the failing eff in the urgent demand for epot
cotton from the fact that ail arrangements
for meeting deliveries on September contracts
have, been completed, and the disposition of
the inajority of the trading element here to re
»i£t cr antagonize any aggressiveness or as-
Munption to the bull leadership by the oper
ator Beet active in last winter's boom. The
more conservative traders do not look for any
big. decline at present, as spot markets ccn
t:nae too strong and the crop situation and
outlook are «iil too uncertain to warrant
heavy selling at this time of the year. Most
r-f them are bearish and sell on every bulge,
c tst ere quick to take profits on declines and
will continue to pureue this policy as long a*
the Cry goods market continues quiet aad
Trosrt holds off.
COFFEE — The coffee market was dull and
weak, this being attributed principally to lack
of demand end some Felling pressure, and
also to the issuance cf some 10,000 bags en Oc
tober contract. The trading was not broad
enough to give an idea of the general trend
cf the market, but local sentiment Is still
bullish and the majority of traders still look
lor higher prices.
Fruit Crop Report.
From the Cros Bulletin. United States De-
Iiartmer.t of Agriculture. Washington. D. C,
far week ended September 12. 1904:
In the Lake res-ion, the northern portion of
the middle Atlantic States and in New Eng
land a tine crcp of apples is promised, but
over the southern portion of the middle At
lantic States and the greater part of tbe cen
1 traJ valleys apples are scarce and of lndiSer
eot cualfty.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
SEATTLE, Sept. 26. — Clearings, $843,395;
VaCOMA. Sept. 26. — Clearings, $430,992;
a pORTLAXD, Sept. 26.— Clearings, $1,084,629;
ba SPO C KANE?'sfpt. 26. -Clearings. $534,983;
balances, $87,550.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK. Sept. 26.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday, September 24, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, was as
follows: Wheat 15.203,000 bushels, increase
193,000 bushels; com 6,471,000 bushels, in
crease S19.000 bushels; oats, 8.156,000 bushels,
Increase 2,075.000 bushels: rye 1,404.000 bushels.
Increase 116,000 bushels; barley 3,127.000
bushels. Increase 934,000.
The Butter market was quiet, and most deal
ers reported an easy feeling, especially those
with liberal supplies on their floors. None re
ported firmness, even those who were well
cleaned up. and all stated that the demand
was very slow. Quotations remained un
changed.
Eggs were aleo quiet, though receipts were
not heavy and stocks were moderate. The
market acted sluggish. Cheese continued aa
before stated.
Receipts were 39,000 lbs Butter, 557 cases
Eggs and 10.200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 29o
for extras and 27#28c for firsts; dairy. 219
24c; cold storage. 24c: store Butter. 17920c;
Eastern creamery. 21%@23c: Eastern ladle
packed. 16@17c per lb; Utah squares. 26c.
CHEESE — OglOc for choice mild new and
SgS%c for lower grades; Young Americas.
10%@llc; Oregon. 8€9%c; Eastern. 10@15c
per Ib.
EGGS — Ranch. 39@4Oc for large white se
lected. 37%@38c for choice arjd 35@36c for
common; cold storage. 27%@30c; store nom
inal; Eastern. 25@2Sc for firsts. 21@23c for
seconds and 20@21c for bakers'.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Visible Grain Supply.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 26.— Wheat la lower for
bluestem* at 86c; club unchanged at 81c.
PORTLAND. Ore., Sept. 26.— Wheat for ex
port. Walla Walla. 80©81%c; bluestem, 85c;
For' Eastern markets, Walla Walla, 84c;
bluestem, 87c
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
HOGS- Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 4%c;
200 to 250 lbs. 4'jcT 130 lbs and under. 4%c;
over 250 lbs. 4%c; soft Hogs, not wanted;
Sows. 20 per cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off.
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 5%@7e for Steers and 4G5o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7©8c: small. 8®9e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethera. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6^79
per lb.
LAMB— 8%@9c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 6®?c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco. ls»» 54
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE^ — Steers. 7%S7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%@6%c; thin Cows 4®5c per lb.
CALVES^ — *@4 %c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Withers. 3%@3%c; Ewes. 330%9
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50Q2 73 per bead.
Supplies of all kinds are reported ample an4
quotations remain unchanged.
Meat Market.
LONDON. Sept. 26.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted^ to 12,007
bales; slices were In strong demand, and sev
eral lots were taken for America. Merinos
were In demand for home and German buyers.
Crossbreds were In good demand. American
buyers secured several parcels of fine cross
breds. Cape of Good Hope and Natal grades
met with a steady demand.
London Wool Sales.
Game of good quality was steady.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, old. I4$15o per
lb for Gobblers and 15@17c for Hens: young
Turkeys. 22@24c per lb; Geese, per pair. $1 50
QX 75; Goslings. $1 75@2; Ducks. $4©4 50 per
dozen for old and $4 50*38 for young;'
Hens, $4 50@5 for small and $5 3CQO for
large; young Roosters. $5@5 50; old Roosters.
$4g4 50- Fryers, $*?4 50; Broilers. $2 50<&3 50;
Pigeons. $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50©
2 for Squabs.
GAME— Wild Doves, 75c@$l per dozen; Hare.
$1 25@1 50 per dozen; Rabbits. $2 per dozen
for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Trade in Poultry was rather quiet and deal
ers reported the market weak for everything
except large Hens and good fat Ducks. Prices,
however, were without quotable change. Two
cars of Western were marketed.
Poultry and Game.
Spelter was unchanged In both .markets,
closing at $5 10®5 20 locally and at £22 7s 6d
in London.
Iron closed at 60s 3d in Glasgow and at 42s
10%d In Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed: No. 1 foundry Northern is quoted
at $13 75014 25. No. 2 foundry Northern at
$13 25@13 75 No. 1 foundry Southern and No.
1 foundry Southern soft at $13 50S-13 75.
NEW YORK, Ser>t. 26. — The London tin
market closed at £126 12s 6d for spot and
£127 Is 2d for futures. Locally the market
was a little lower in sympathy, closing at
$27 50®27 75.
Copper was unchanged at £67 17s 6d for
both spot and futures in the London market
and remained unchanged locally also. Lake
is quoted at $12 73@13; electrolytic at $12 75
©12 87% and casting at $12 50@12 62%.
Lead' was unchanged at $4 20@4 30 in the
local market and at £11 17s 6d in London.
New. York Metal Market.
Nezv York Stock Market.
K1EW YORK. Sept. 26.— Both strength and
I breadth were manifested in the dealings In
I stocks to-day and the market as a whole rep
, resented clearly a revival from the drooping
; tendency of the latter part of last week. The
I strength and activity were not so much con
, gestcd in special stocks as recently and the
: market had a certain appearance of quiet for
: the greater part of the day. This was ac
; counted for by the fact that the opening prices
[ represented a large part of the pains and
( prices of the prominent stocks were practl
| Citlly motionless for a long time after the
I opening. Less prominent stocks were sought
: out meanwhile, to bring them up to a levei
proportionate with the leaders. There was no
alarming news concerning the crops and price*
I in the commodity markets moved downward.
I This was a reassuring influence on the whole
list. Every day which paases without damage
, adds materially to the feeling of security over
' the crops, owing to the near approach of the
, period of maturing of the corn crop. The
! leader of the market in point of activity was
j United States Steel preferred, and its strength
) was of sympathetic advantage to the general
list. The professed motive for the buying was
I a conviction that the full dividend on the
preferred stock for the current quarter is
sure to be disbursed. No authority could be
cited for this assumption. The independent
i steel stocks were strong In sympathy. The
j news from the trade offered nothing to ex
plain the strength of this group. Officials of
trunk lines of railroads admitted some dls-
I appointment at the apparent halt In the ex
1 r^ns-ion of freight traffic, which was attributed
j to the eff*;t of the crop uncertainty on trade,
and to th« slow revival in the steel trade.
Western railroad offlcials expressed disagree
ment with the low estimates of the corn crop
current in Wall street last week, but they
also admitted the retarding effect on business
until the crcp outlook is more definitely as
sured. There was «I11 an Important influence
on sentiment by the assertions of a large ac
cumulation of Atchiwn in the interest of
Union Pacific, but more was heard of question
ings of the scope of the plan of accumula
tion. The indications o< progress making in
the working out of the problem of ultimate
I control and harmonization of the transconti
j nental railroad situation was accepted as im
j pcrtant and made that whole group conspic
uous in the market.. Gross earnings of rail
roads fo*r the third week of September were
received in quite large number and were
generally satisfactory to holders of securi
ties. Atchison was doubtless helped by the
preliminary circulation of its favorable an
nual report, as well as by reports of accumula
tion of the stock for Union Pacific The
profit taking made some impression on prices
in the last half hour, when a number of low
priced railroad stocks were pushed upward
to cover tne selling. There was no change
in the rates of interest, but Sterling exchange
was firmer and the price of gold in London
was lowered, indicating lew apprehension of
i a demand for gold in that center. \u25a0
Bonds were firm. Total pales, par value,
$4,023,000. U. S. 2's, the 3's and old 4's
, advanced % per cent on calL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
E. F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations o f that Exchange:
Sales. I Stocks— HighjLow.j Bid. I Ask.
|Adams x Express J230 235
15.300;Amal Copper ... 58% 57%| 57% 56%
lAmer Can Co | j 5% 5%
I Do pfd 1 1 j 4«U;| 47
2,500iAmer C &F Co.. I 53%| 23% 23% 23%
lOOj Do pfd j t>0%| JM>% 60% 62
'OO^Amer Cot Oil. . . . 32% 33% 32*i 32%
l,000| Do pfd % 94% 92% 92 93%
tAmer Dist Tel 23 24
|Amer Ex 205 210
Amer G T Co 6 6Vi
Amer H & L 414 5
I Do pfd 19% 20%
1,900; Amer Ice 7% 7% 7% 7%
j Do pfd 30%j 26% 30% 30%
I Amer Linseed 12 14 u,
Do pfd 31 35
l,600|Amer Locomo .. 26% 2ti% 2tJ%j 26%
"Ooj Do pfd 1*6' 95' 93%i tKJ%
loWiAmer Malt 1 41% 41% 41h 41%
500! Do pfd 19% 19 19' 20
4.300| Amer S & R Co.| 67% 67 til 07%
1,800; Do pfd 1109% 108 10O 100%
24.300|Amer Sugar 1132% !#>% 132% 132%
....^.1 Do pfd j 133 137
200;Amer T & T Co.|I40% 140% 140 141
900;Amer Tob pfd..jl45 145', 144 144%
I Amer Woolen 131*. 1414
100i Do pfd 83 S3 81% £2%
6O0; Anaconda 93% 93 90 ' 94
jAnn Arbor SO 31
I Do pfd CO 63
47,600;A T & Santa Fto. b3% ts2% 83% 83%
11.2U0 j • Do pfd 101 U 1OO 1 -, lOOifc loo : -i
10,9O0,Balt 4i Ohio .... 69% 88% t&% H) '
Do pfd 93 94%
20.C0O B R T &5 54% 54% 54'*
700;Brook Un Gas... 217% 217% 218' 218%
Bruns D & 1 7% 7%
[Butterick Co 48 4:)^
400 i Canad South .. 6S% CS% <iH% 63
6.000 Canadian Pac ..jl2«u 127'/' lUS'slliK'i
6,000;C * O 42% 42 42% 4S?I I
1.100.C & A 40% 40% 39% 40%
300; Do pfd 61 60 80 " 61
C & E I pf d 128 140
...*.... C I & &L. pfd 30 C5
8.600 C & G W ...... 16& 16% 16% 10*4
Do pfd "A" 53 " 64
Do pfd "B"..l 25% 28
Do debs «;% s2%
800C&NW 188 187% 1S7 183
20.200.C M & Et P 158% 157% 138 158%
Do pf4 182 183
3.200 C RI&P (new) 28% 27% 28 28%
28,100 Do pfd 72% 71 71% 7^
Do 4a 76 76%
rChlc Terminal 6% 6^
100 Do pfd 15% 15V. 15% 16'
2.300'Chl Un Trac 8 7% 7% 8
I Do pfd 35 33% 36
200IC C C & St L 80 80 80 80%
Do pM 103 110
Cleve Lor & W 62 70
I Do pfd 82
900iCol Fuel & Iron. 35 34% 34% 35
Do pfd 55
lOOCol Hock C & I 13 13 12% 13
700:Col Southern ... 20% 20 19% 20
4001 Do 1st pfd ... 51T* 51% 51% 61%
2.000) Do 2d pfd ... 27% 2614 26% 27
2.100,Con Gas 205%!204% 201% 205
LOOO'Con Tob Co pfd. 125 125 125 125%
400'Corn Products . 14% 14% 14 14%
I Do pfd ... ..." 68 C9»4
l.SOOiDcl tc Hudson... 167% 106% 167 1U7%
!D L & W 281% 2S3
600'D & R G 28% 2S% 28% 29
1001 Do pfd 82% 82% 82 82%
D M & Ft W ....:* 23 25
l.OOOlDetrolt Un Ry . . 09% 68% jS*% 69%
400'Detrolt Southern 4 3% 3% 4%
400 Do pfd 7 7 7 7%
(Diamond Match 130 135
C.000 Distill Becur. .. 30% 29% 29% 30
I Do Bonds 74 74%
2OO'Du!utlTE S & A ~8 8 8 8%
4O0J Do pfd j 13% 12*1 12% 13
1.200 Erie I 31% 3O% 31% 31%
1,000 Do 1st pfd ... 67% CG% 67% 67%
Do 2d pfd ... 46% 46 46% 46%
E & T H 63 69
...;... Dd pfd 75 85
Ft W & DC 45 50
Gen Chemical 48 63
Do pfd 9* 67
Gen Electric ... 171% 169% 172 172%
Gt North pfd 170 185
Green Con Cop.. 17% 17 17% 17',J
Havana Tob Co..' 27 28%
....... Do pfd 29 41
....... Hock Valley *. 80% 81%
lot Do pfd «>% 89% 89% 89%
.Will Central 1SSV4 13S% 138% 138%
100 Inter Paper .... 17% 17% 17% 18
Do pfd 75% 75%
Inter Power '.. 41% 41%
Inter Pump *••• 31% 32
Do pfd 76 77%
200 Iowa Central •./. 24 23% 24- 24%
J Do pfd ......: 46 44 45% 46%
Kana * Mich .. .;:. 33% 34%
KCFtH&M pfd.. 77% 77 77 77%
1C0IK C Southern.... 24% 24% 24% 25
Do pfd "4« 47
Keokuk A D M. ..... . 15 17
L E Si West... a., 31% 33
..;.... Do pfd 87% 100
Long Island 67 • 6S%
8.D06 L & N... 125& 121 121%I12*N
Wheat — ' Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 6% 7 8%
Closing 7 6 7 8%
PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 23 90 25 20
Closing 23 70 25 10
Flour —
Opening 31 70 32 70
Closing 31 60 32 65
Salted Calf, lie; dry Hides. lff%c; dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf. 19c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 239
40c each; short Wool 4O@63c each; medium.
73@90c; long Wool. $1©1 60; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $232 60 for medium.
$1 23 £1 75 for small and 50c for Colts; Hora*
Hldea. dry. $1 75 for large and $1 60 for me
dium $191 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c; dry Central American. 30c. Goat
Sklna — Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do»
$1 25- large. 5Oc; medium. 35c; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4%q per lbj
No. 2 3%c; Grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern, 9^11e; Southern. 8<99e; Southern Moun
tain 9®Uc: Middle Counties, free. 12914c;
do defective. 10912c; Northern tree. 12fcl4e;
do defective. 10912c; Humboldt aad Mendo
cino. 14815c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25®2Sc per 1*.
Foreign Futures.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 75c@|l 50 per
sack or crate; String and Wax Beans, 2% Qic
per lb; Lima Beans, 3@4c per lb; Tomatoes. 20
©60o per box; Summer Squash, 65c per box;
Cabbage, 75c per ctl; Carrots, 73c per sack;
Cucumbers. 40@5Oc per box; Pickle Cucum
bers. 50c@$l 25 per box; Garlic, 4%c per 1b;
Egg Plant, 40©50c per box; Dried Peppers,
nominal; Green Okra. 40® 50c per box; Green
Peppers. 50@60c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$15 per ton.
POTATOES — Burbankn from the river. 503
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. llffl 35 per ctl:
Early Rose, nominal: Garnet Chiles, 75@S5c;
Sweet Potatoes, $1®1 20 per ctl.
ONIONS— $101 20 per ctl.
As was expected, receipts of Potatoes were
materially lessened by the recent storm and
the market had a firmer tons, with higher
prices asked for the best river Burbanks.
Sweets were lower under Increased receipts. 4
cars being marketed. Onions were steady, but
supplies were well up to requirements and
prices stood as previously quoted.
Receipts of miscellaneous vegetables were
light, as the rains checked picking In the
growing districts, besides working considerable
damage to the crops. The market had a firm
tone generally and most kinds were quoted
higher. Fresh receipts of Tomatoes were very
light and stocks carried over from last week
were quickly cleaned up. the regular trade
paying from 40c to 60c per box and the can
ners taking the surplus at 20c.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SU3£MARY OF THE MARKETS.
IVa&ssircct slocks some&fot higher. Cation lower.
E.rdrangc rates about the samf. Silver slightly higher.
Wheat 2>Vz cents lozcer at Chicago, at:d easier here.
Barley a fraction higlier. Oats, Com and Rye unchanged.
Bran soihnrhai steadier. Receipts of Hay still large.
Beat: market confused by the heavy rains.
' Potatoes in lighter receipt and held higher.
btiions steady. Vegetables in light receipt and firm.
Poultry quiet and iceak. Game steady.
Three ears of Cranberries arrive from Cape Cod.
Fruit market steady to firm, with smaller receipts.
Dried Figs loTver. Other Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions showing more tone at Western points.
CfTifle. Sheep and Hogs in amp'tc sv.f>p!\\ %
Fair trading in local stodfs and bonds. »
{Manhattan 155 154>4 154% 155
JMnnhat Beach 10 , 13
'.CW.MHropol Securl. 79 77*4 7S% 78^
t'.r>LViMetroiH)l St Ry. 119*i 118 1 * 119 110»i
lrUOOi Mexican Cent... 13* 13$ 13*4 13%
JMInn .t St L r.. 55 59
Do 1st pfd 95 98
2,700'M, S P & S S M 75% 74% 75 75&
5U0| Do pfd 132 ISOfe 1X1% 132U
l,300,M. K Jfc T 24 >4 23% 24 24%
4,4001 Do pfd 4S?i 4SM> 4SH 48%:
IS, 700 Mo Pacific 96% 07& 97% 98
300|N, C & St L.... 122 121 U 122 123
6C0 National Lead.. 23% 23% 23% 24
Do pfd 05H 0U%>
N n R of Mex 20»4 2l^i
Do pfd 38% 40
200 Nat Biscuit 4S% 48 48% 4S%
Do pld 109 110
4U0N J Central.... 180 178 178 180
|N Y Air Brake 136 , 138%
2.900; N Y Central.... 127% 123 127 \|127V*
NYCftStli 31% 31%
Do 1st pfd 105 110
Do 2d pfd C5 C8%
N Y, N H & H 191 192%
19.700 N* Y. O & XV... 35% J 84* :i.")% :i.'»^
3,100!Norfolk & W. .. 68%} C7% 68 ftS%
100| Do pfd 91 I 91 90 91
SOOjNorth Americanl 96 j 95% 95% 95%,
1.7i10|Xor Securities... 104% 103% 10.!% 104%
lOniaha 140 1160
loO Do pfd 1S5 185 185
O, S L 4-s 9S% 99%
, Pacific Coast 6."! 65
Do 1st pfd 95 105
Do 2d pfd 73 75
600 Pacific Mall ... 35 33% 33 34%
77,700|Penn R R Co... 132% 131% 131% 131%
1,900 People's Gas ... 103 101% 101% 102
'Pere Marquette 75 80
!P. C, C & S L 71
Do pfd 104 105
•COO'Pr Steel Car... 33% 33 33 33%
lOOf Do pfd SO 80 79 80%
lOO'Pullman C Co... 217% 217% 215 218
700'Ry Steel S Co... 23% 23 23% 23%.
I Do pfd *i»vj &0%
31,700!Reading 67% 66% 66% 66%
Do 1st pfd 84% S5%
500 Do 2d pfd 75% 75% 75% 75%
1.900'Repub .S & I... 9 8% 8% »
1.200! Do p*d 45 43% 44% ' 45
lOORubher Goods ... 19% 19% 1« l» 9 v
3001 Do i>fd S2% 81% 82 62%
400 S S S & I Co... 40% 40 40 ' 40%
.... Do pfd 86 88
St J & G I 15 17
Do 1st pfd 44 48
Do 2d pfd 24 26
StL&S F lstpfd 71 75
700 StL&S F 2d pfd 59% 5& 58% 59%
70o!st L & S W.... 21% 20% 21% 21%
200! Do pfd 44% 44 44% 44%
16,600fSouthern Pacific . 67% 56% 56% 56%
13.r.00:southern Ry 33 32% 32% 32%
700 Do pfd 93 92% 92% 93
Standard Oil 642 648
Stand Rope & T 15% 2
2.100 Tenn Coal & I.; 47% 47% 47% 41%
Tex P Land T C 30 33
6,000 Tex Pacific 31% 31% 31% 31%
lOOlThird Ave 126 126 125% 126%
200|Tol Ry & T Co.. 23% 23% 23% 24
100 Tol S L & W.. 32 32 31% 31%
300 Do pfd 51% 51% 51% 51%
200 Twin City R T. 97% 97% 97's 05%
lOO'.Union B & Paper 7% 7% 7% 8
100 Do pfd .. 63% 63% 63% 61
47.900 Union Pacific .. 101% 100% 100% 100%
Do pfd 92 94
U P Conv 4s 105% 103%
United Copper 10 12
United Rds S F 12% 14%
100 Do pfd 56% 56% 56 66%
Unit R of S F 4b 84% S5
200 U S Cast Iron P. 10% 10% 10% 11 \u25a0
Do pfd 56 56%
U S Express 115 120
3.2001 U S Leater 10 9% 9% 9^
200 • Do pfd 87% 87 87% 87%
900 U S Rubber 20% 20% 19 ft 19%
S00 Do pfd 83 82% 82 S3
59,100 U S Steel Cod ... 18% 17% 17% 17%
92,300 Do pfd 70 es% 69% 69%
100 Va-Car Che Co.. 34% 34% 34% 34%
600! Do pfd 107% 107% 107% 108
900Wabash 21% 20% 21% 21%
1.100 Do pfd 42 41% 41% 41%
Do deb Bs. 04% 05
Wells-Fargo Ex 230 245
Western Union . . 90% 90% 90 90%
3,400jWestlnghoU9e ... 164% 162 164% 165
I Do 1st pfd 185
700iW & L E 18 17% 17% 18
300 Do 1st pfd .*. 45% 44% 43% 45%
200i Do 2d pfd 26% 26% 26 26%
l.GOOlWlsconsin Cen ... 20% 19% 20% 20%
2,S00l Do pfd 46 43% 46 46%
[Southern Pac pfd 113% 114%
767,900 total shares sold.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg..lO4%|L & N unified 4s. 100%
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s.lOti%
Do 3s reg 105% Mexican Cen 4s.. 67
Do coupon 105% Do 1st inc 16
Do new 4s. reg. 131%| Minn & St L 4s. 95%
Do coupon 131% | M. K & T 4s.... 100%
Do old 4s, reg.106% Do 2ds 60
Do coupon 107% Ntl R Mex con 4s 76%'
Atchifion gen 4s.. 103% N Y Cen gen 3%s. 99%
Do- ad] 4s 95% N J Cen gen 5s.. 134
Atlantic C L 4s.. 98% 1 Northern Pac 4s. -103
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO3%| Do 3s f. 74%
Do 3%s 95% Nor & W con 4s.. 102%
Central of Ga 58.111%] OSI, 4s and partlc 99%
Do 1st Inc 88 I Penn conv 3%s.. 99%
Ches & Ohio 4i's.l05 (Reading gen 4?.. 100%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 80% StL & IM con 5s. 117%
C. B & Q new 4s. 97 StL & SF fg 4s.. 86%
C.M&StP gen 4s. 109 St L S W lsts.. 98%
C & N W con 78.129 Seaboard A L 4s.. 62%
C, RI&P RR 4s. 76% Southern Pac 4s.. 03%
Do col 6s 87% Southern Ry 5s... 116
CCCiStL gen 4s. 101% Texas & Pac lats.119%
Chicago Term 4s. 75 T. St L & W 4s. S0%
Con Tobacco 4s.. 73 Union Pacific 4s. 104%
Colo & South 4s. 85% Do conv 4s 105%
C F & I con 5s. 75% U S Steel 2d 5s.. 82
Den & Rio G 4s. 100% Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4b 99% Do deb B 64%
Do gen 4s 87% Wheel & L E 4s. 83%
FtW & D C lsts. 110H Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20] Little Chief 05
Alice 40;Ontario 3 60
Breece 14|Ophir 2 15
Brunswick Con... <»S Phoenix 16
Comstock Tunnel . 10j PotosI 14
Con Cal & Va...l 03|Savase 2S
Horn Silver 1 .V>: Sierra Nevada 28
Iron Silver ,1 75! Small Hopes....... 25
Leadvllle Con 02| Standard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 17%
Call loans 2%@3%| Do pfd 63%
Time loans....* ©5 IWest'house Com.. 80
Bonds — I Minings —
Atchlson adj 4s.. 95 I Adventure 3%
Do Is 101%|Allouez 14%
Mesican Cen 4s.. 05 (Amalgamated .... t'^i,
Railroads — |Amer Zinc 11L
Atcliison S3% Atlantic 14
Do pfd 100% Bingham 20%
Boston & Albany. 24S% Calumet 4: Hecla.515
Boston & Maine.. 163% Centennial 27%
Boston Elevated. 153% Copper Range.... 57%
Fitchburg pfd. ...137% Daly West 14
Mexican Central.. 13% Dominion Coal.... 57«1
NY NH & H..191 Franklin s
Pere Marquette.. 74 Grancy 3
Union Pacific.... 100% 1 Isle Koyale 21%
Miscellaneous — |Ma*s Mining 4%
Am Arge Chem.. 14%| Michigan (5%
Do pfd 78%|Mohawk 45%
Am Pneu Tube... 4% Mont Coal & Coke 5
Am Sugar 132% Old Dominion JC%
Do Pfd 132% Osceola SO
Am Tel & Tel... 140 Parrot 23%
Am Woolen 13% Quincy 90
Do pfd 82% Shannon ......... 4 .
Dominion I & S.. 11% Tamarack 115
Ed Elec Ilium... 25S Trinity 6%
General Electric 171% U S Mining 20%
Mass Electric 13 U S Oil u
Dopfd...« 58 Utah 4014
Macs Gas 42% Victoria 4 \u25a0
United Fruit 105% Wlnona 9
Un Shoe Mach... 82% Wolverine gg
Do pfd 30% I v
London Closing Stocks.
Con for money.- 88% New York Cen.. 129%
Con for account.. 88% Norfolk & West. '69%
Anaconda .... 4% Do nfd 92%
Atchison S5»i Ontario & West.. 33%
Do pfd lf>3% Pennsylvania 67%
Bait & Ohio 90% Rand Mines 10%
Canadian Pacific. 130*4 Reading 34%
Ches & Ohio 42% Do 1st pfd 43%
Chi Great West. 16% Do 2d pfd...... 3SW,
EM & St P 162 Southern Ry 33%
e Beers 18% Do pfd '.....98
Den & Rio G... 29% Southern Pacific.. 5S%
Do pfd 84U Union Pacific 103%
Erie 31% Do pfd./. 96
Do lFt pfd 69 US Steel 18%
Do 2d pfd..... 47% Do pfd.. 71%
Illinois Central.. 142% Wabanh 21%
Louis & Nash 127%l Do pfd.. V...... 43
Mo. Kan & Tex. 25%! Spanish Fours.... 87%
Bar silver — Firm: 26%d per ounce.
Money— rl% percent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 5-1(102% per cent am for three
months' bills 2%@2 7-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.'
WASHINGTON. Sept. 26.— To-day's state
ment of tho' Treasury shows: Available cash
balances, $151,106,524; gold. $66,083, COtt.
New York Cotton Afarket.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2«. — Cotton future* open
ed weak.. September offered. 10.70c; October,
,10.56c; November. 10.60c: December, 10.65c;
January. 1 10.70c: March, 10.75c; April, '10.75c
bid: May. 10.75c; June, 10.78c bid; August,
offered, 10.70c.
Cotton futures closed steady. September,
10.60c; October, 10.59c; November, lO.COc;-De
cember. 10.65o: January. 10.67c: March, 10.71c;
April. 10.75c; May. 10.78a
The rain has thrown the Bean market Into
confusion for the moment, as neither buyers
nor sellers care to do anything until the dam
age to the crop is more fully determined. Quo
tations are unchanged, but are largely nominal.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 15@2 50; Pea. $2 7M3;
Butters, $2 75<g3; small White. $2 SOfli ftO:
large White. $2 15@2 40; Pink. $2 25©3 90;
Red. $3 75@4; Lima. $3 70®4; Red Kidney*.
$4®4 25: Blackeyes. $2 23©2 40 per etl; Horsa
Beans. $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. $3 25; Flax. 51 90©2 2*: Canary. 6%
©7c; Alfalfa, 15c; Rape. !%©2%c: Timo
thy. 3}»c; Hemp, 3H@3%c per lb; Millet. 2%
C3%c: Broom Corn Seed $20321 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $2®2 25; new dreea
Peas. $2#2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
sAou.8 vjjijsui am,— saiaav aaxvHOdVAa
the Influence of large offering* for future de
livery and is rather easy in tone. Common
are quoted at 4g5c: prime, 5Vi@5%o; choice,
5S4<g6c; fancy, 6%@7c.
PRUNES— Seem to be in little better de
mand, but prices as yet show no improvement.
They range»from 2 to 5%c, according to grade.
APRICOTS — Are in light supply and while
demand is not pressing, prices are firmly
held. Choice are quoted at 9%@10c, extra
choice at 10U®10%c. and fancy at 11@13&
PEACHES — Are scarce and firm, with choice
held at 8Vi@S%e; extra choice, 8%@9c, and
fancy at 9%@10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Sept. 20. — FLOUR— Receipts,
19,500 barrels; 'exports, 12.0UO barrels; sales,
4500 packages. Market quiet and lower to sell;
Minnesota patents, ?0 10©tf GO.
WHEAT — Receipts, 59.000 bushels; sale3..
4,300,000 bushels futures; spot easy; No. 2 red,
SI 15 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
S 1 23% I- o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options ruled gener
ally weaker to-day, becoming more or Ie3s
demoralized after midday, ipder heavy stop
loss selling/ influenced by big receipts, weaker
continental markets, foreign selling and bear
ish Northwest weather news. The close was
weak at 3&@3%c net decline. May. $1 13»' s &
1 16%; cIqeM, $1 13%; September, $1 15%@
1 16; closed. $1 15%; December. |1 13%©1 17;
closed, $1 13%. ,
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLE CM— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady: No. 2 invoice,
8%e; mild, firm; Cordova, 10@13c. The mar
ket for coffee futures closed steady at a net
loss of 5 and 10 points. Sales were reported
of 28,500 bags, including September, 6.75c; Oc
tober, 6 73g0.S0c; November, 6.90c; December.
7.00c; March, 7.25@7.3Oc; May, 7.45@7.50c;
July. 7.60@7.05c. -
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining. 8%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16c; molasses *ugar. 8%c;
refined, firm. ,
BUTTER — Firm; street price, extra cream
ery, 20V'.c; official price, creamery, common to
extra. 13^2OV>c; State dairy, common to ex
tra, 13@10%c. "
CHEESE— Firm. „..,,_
EGGS— Dull; Western fancy, selected, 21%®
22%c; do average, best. 20021c.
New York Grain and Produce.
67; Oover. $7 50@9 50; Alfalfa. JTglO 60 per
STRAW— 35©50c per bale.
K ' *
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
OMAHA, Sept. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4500
head: market for best fully steady, others a
sh«di lower. Native steers, $4Q«>; - cows and
heifers, $2 50@3 75: Western steers, $3@4 70:
Texas steers, ?2 65@3 70; range cows and
heifers, $2 28@3 35; canners, $1 75@2 13;
stockers and feeders, $2 25-Q4; calves, $3@«;
bulls and stags, $1 75a3 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 2800 head; market active,
10c higher. Heavy, $5 75@5 95; mixed. $5 83
@5 90: light, $5 93@6 05; piss. $4 50@5 75. ..
SHEEP — Receipts, 30.000 head; market
steady, easier. Western yearlings, $3 60-33 90;
•wethers. $3 40@3 80; ewes, f.3'53 60: common
and stockers, $2 50S3 75; lambs, ?4 50'&5 10.
* Omaha.
SHEEP — -Receipts. 20,000 head: market
steady to 10c lower. Muttons, $3@3 75; lambs,
$4@5; range wethers. $3 25®3 90; ewes, $2 50
@>3 30: Utah Iambs, 72 pounds, 55.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 26.—CATTLE*—Re
ceipts, 21,000 head; market steady. Native
steer?, $3 75f?0; native cows and heifers, $1 50
6*4 75: stockers and feeders. $2 25@4; bulls.
$t 75<33 50; calves, $2 50®5 50; Western
steers. $3&4 25; .Western cows, $1 50@3 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 4000 head; market 10®-13c
hlsher. Bulk of sales, $5 85®t> 05; heavy.
$.'i S5S0 05; packers, $5 S5@fi 10: pigs and
lfgTTl. 15 S0@6 05.
Kansas City.
HOGS — Receipts 17,000 head, to-morrow
14.000 head: market 10@15c higher. Mixed and
butchers, $5 75<g6 35; good to choice heavy,
S»:Sit> SO; rough heavy, $5 75@5 »5; light.
?5 90@0 30; bulk of sales. $5 95@<J 10.
SHEEP — Receipts. 35,000 head;* market
strong. Good to choice wethers, $3 60® 4 25;
fair to choice mixed, $3©3 80; 'Western sheep,
$2 60®4 15: nutive lambs. $3 5086; Western
lambs. $3 OOfgo 33.
bully, $2C4; calves. $3@<S SO; Texas fed steers,
$3 73*15 75; Western steers, $3 25@4 75.
Cotton spot closed quiet, 20 points lower.
Middling uplands, 11.00c; middling gulf, 11.25c;
rales, 15W bales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1904.
STOCK MAEKET.
| CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS, j
Continued on Page Twelve.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands «-ll
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10c; medium. -8c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8Vic for light:
Stags. 6%c; Salted Kix>, 9$£c; Salted Veal. 10c;
CHICAGO, Sept. 26.— CATTLE— Receipt*,
24,000 head: market 10c higher. : Good to prime
steers. $5 65@6 60; poor to medium, $3 50@
5 40: etockers and feeders, $2#4; cows, $160
<a4. 50: \u25a0 hbiieiM. insa 75; caaaen. *l fio©2;
Chicago. •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
AT AUCTION.
50 Head of Choice Selected
Heavy Draft Horses
JT7ST ARRIVED.
"Weight from 1400 to 1730. from 5 to 8 years
old. 1 can safely say they are the beat lot of
Draft Horses ever ottered at public or private
sale in San Francisco. We invite intending
purchasers to come and look this stock over,
as they -will bear a close inspection for
soundness, and they are suitable for truck
men, contractors, heavy delivery of any kind,
and the San Francisco Fire Department
should inspect this lot, as they are what th**y
want, and they must and will be sold to th-»
highest bidder. Saie takes place Monday. Oc-
tober 3, at 11 o'clock, at the International
Horse- Market, corner Twelfth and Harrison
streets.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
4V^ By order of They Wiley of Kings Coun-
>^ ty Stock Farm I will sell one carload
of cheap plow horses, 1 car of halter-broka
horses, also 1 handsome road horse, rubber tirs
busgles and a lot of surreys and wagena. sing'.e
and double harness en TUESDAY, Sept. 27,
11 a. m., at 1140 Folsoxa st.
5^ AUCTION SALE AT £^
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST..
WEDNESDAY. September 2.3. at 11 a. m. I
will sell 60 good horses of the Atlantic Con-
tractlng Co. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.Fischer's.
"Miss Mazuma" opened on its last
week at Fischer's last night and was
greeted by an appreciative audience.
The Tivoll.
A large audience greeted "The
Serenade" at the Tivoll last night, j The
popular piece should have a long run.
"The Wizard of Oz" is now in Its
second and last week at the Columbia
Theater,, where, the extravaganza . will
be seen for the last time next Sunday
night. The piece seems to have met
with popular "favor and is doing good
business. »There will be a matinee on
Saturday.
San Francisco theater . goers are as
sured of an attractive "offering in the
engagement of Frank Daniels in "The
Office ; Boy.'V which begins at the Co
lumbia Theater on next Monday even
ing under the direction' of Charles B.
Dillingham. Frank Daniels has always
been a local' favorite, but It is expected
Columbia.
Jeanette Laurelle presented a beauti
ful spectacular dance entitled "La del"
at the Chutes yesterday and scored a
hit at fcoth performances. Gus Leonard
extracted all kinds of droll music from
odd instruments. Pete Baker, a clever
dialectician, brought down' the house
with his humorous stories and songs,
and Daisy Harcourt, the coster singer,
repeated her success of last week.
Eddie Weston and Bessie Beasley, who
succeeded Johnny and Emma Ray in
"A Hot Old Time"; Mabel Lamson,. the
popular illustrated ballad singer,, and
the American biograph, showing "The
Wrestling Elephant" and other inter
esting animated pictures, completed a
capital programme. The amateurs have
many surprises in the way of living
pictures in preparation for Thursday
night.
Chutes.
that he will add greatly to his laurels
when he appears In "The Office Boy,"
which was one of the great successes
of last season In the East, particularly
in New York, where the rotund
comedian appeared for three months
last winter. The sale of seats for Mr.
Daniels' engagement begins Thursday.
SAN JUAX, Porto Rico. Sept. 26.— Porto
Rico's 1007 public school* opened to-day with
67,000 pupil* enrolled. In th« first school year
during American occupation there were 800
schools, with .25,000 punils.
The revival of "The Danltes" at the
Central Theater last night proved an
unqualified success. The stirring drama
of the days of the pioneers, particularly
of j the times when the . "destroying
angels" of the Mormon church harassed
the caravans of the geld seekers, has
lost none of its power to thrill and
charm. The large audience that saw
the production by the clever Central
company $hpwed'as much interest and
enthusiasm as if the dramatic adapta
tion from Joaquin Miller's : famous
story were being witnessed for the first
time. The play is admirably mounted
and staged and the people of the cast
uniformly merit commendation for
their pleasing efforts. Seldom has the
house put forth a more acceptable and
worthy attraction. In the character of
"Sandy" McGee, the sturdy, big-hearted
miner, Herschel Mayall gave a splendid
impersonation, and Ethel Clifton per
formed the most excellent work of her
engagement In the role of the unhappy
Nancy Williams, whose life is sought
by the mysterious "destroying angels.'*
Others of the company did clever work.'
Central.
Alleged Murderer Arrested.
George C Frank, who shot and
killed George Dewey at Sherlock
Creek, Marlposa County, on May 29,
was arrested yesterday by Detective
Thomas Gibson. At the City Prison
Frank confessed to the shooting, but
maintained that it was done in self
defense. Dewey was shot from be
hind.
The Paralso Springs are always open. •
Judge Hebbard yesterday granted
the "writ of habeas corpus applied for
by Max Katzauer and ordered his re
lease from custody. Katzauer was ar
rt-sted for buying 2000 cigars from an
unknown thief, who stole them from a
Southern Pacific car. The theft was
committed on April 12, 1903. and the
complaint against Katzauer alleged
that he received the goods "on or be
fore May 21" of last year. The com
plaint was held to be faulty in the use
of the word "before," the court being
of the opinion that such an indefinite
wording as to time would permit the
arrest of a man for the commission of
an act years previous.
Katzauer Obtains Release.
Travelers Need Trunks and Valise*.
Traveling bags, toilet cases, trunks
and everything needed by travelers. No
such an assortment of good things else
where. All leather goods lettered free of
charpe. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market
street.
Augustus Thomas' stage version of
Richard Harding Davis' "Soldiers of
Fortune" was greeted at the Alcazar
last night by a full house, and the
performance was well received, al
though the hinges creaked somewhat.
White Whittlesey's breezy personality
finds congenial material in the charac
ter of Robert Clay, railroad engineer
and soldier of fortune, but the author
has disappointed all theater-goers by
causing his hero to talk much and to
fight hardly at all. Hope Langham is
a personation that affords Virginia
Brissac ample scope to display her
clever work as an ingenue, and she
did not neglect It. There is hardly a
place in the play that could allow
Eugenie Thais Lawton scope for her
talent, but the rather small part of
Madame Alvarez gives her an oppor
tunity to exhibit two or three very
becoming gowns and to thrill the
house with a very intense love scene
with Harry S. Hilliard in the more or
less exciting third act. Mr. Hilliard's
Captain Stuart was fully up to the
standard of his best work. George
Osbourne, artistic in make-up and in
speech, delighted the critical ear with
a correct Spanish accent. Harry Lew
ellyn's Captain Burke was a" strongly
marked effort and was deserving all
the applause it received. Fred Butler,'
Harry Byers and Miss Ruth Allen
rendered good support — In fact, all
that there was of it.
Alcazar.
The Health Board will also Investi
gate into the operations of oyster com
panies, although preliminary inquiries
show nothing wrong in the quality of
the oysters sold in the market, the
board simply desiring to insure their
absolute purity.
Health Officer Ragan * ordered the
hearing to-day at 4 o'clock of charges
of insubordination against Assistant
Emergency Surgeon Carl Wilson, pre
ferred by his chief. Dr. J. I. Stephens.
The trouble between the two officials
occurred during the Knights Templar
Conclave, -v -;
The Board of Health yesterday took
steps to* stOD the sale of shrimps
caught in the shrimp camps of Butch
ertown. Action was taken under the
provisions of an ordinance passed by
the Board of Supervisors on October
18, 1899, prohibiting the sale of shrimps
caught in the bay near Butchertowt).
Investigations prosecuted at that time
disclosed that the shrimps fed from the
offal from the slaughter houses and as
a result of bacteriological analyses Dr.
W. M. Lawlor, at that time Health Of
ficer, filed a report in which he said:
"The deadly nature of shrimps
caught off Butchertown is such that
their sale should be at once prohibited."
Health Officer Ragan has made Law
lor's recommendation a part of his re
port on the subject. Ragan instructed
Deputy Health Officer Levy to send a
communication to the San Mateo
Shrimp Company, which maintains a
shrimp camp near Butchertown, call
ing attention to the. ordinance men
tioned and directing the concern to stop
selling shrimps, under penalty of ar
rest. The company is composed en
tirely of Chinamen who have plied
their trade for years.
Health Board to Stop Sale
of Those Caught in the
Camps Near Butchertown
Another fraud order affecting con
cerns In this city was issued yester
day by Postmaster Fisk by order of
the Postmaster General. The con
cerns which have thus been denounc
ed as unlawful are the American Mu
tual Investment Company and the
American Mercantile Company and
their officers and agents. These com
panies are conducting business on a
similar plan to those against which
fraud orders have beet* already la
sued. They offer an extraordinary
rate of Interest to their investors.
The American Mercantile Company
named in the order issued yesterday is
a tontine diamond concern, formerly
doing business in the Parrott building
and recently in the Grant building, at
Seventh and Market streets. Its busi
ness was taken over a short time ago
by the American Mutual Inrestment
Company, so that yesterday's order ap
plies really to only one concern.
Postofflce Inspector O'Connell called
attention last night to the fact that
the order had no reference to the
American Mercantile Company of 420
Battery street. This reputable cor
poration is engaged in the importation
of foreign wines, oils and conserves
and has no get-rich-qulck schemes for
public consumption. .-
Most of the companies against
which these postofflce fraud orders
have been issued have placed agents
in the principal interior cities and
towns on ithe coast to collect install
ments from the Grand Army of the
Hopeful and forward the money by
express to this city.
Agents Stationed In Interior Towns to
Transact Business by Express
for Barred Companies.
PUTS SHRIMPS
UNDER THE BAN
STANFORD . UNIVERSITY, Sept.
20. — Dr. Benjamin Colemah Blodgett
has been appointed organist of the
Stanford Memorial Church, to take the
place of Arthur L. Scott Brook, re
signed. Dr. Blodgett comes from Smith
College of Northampton, Mass., where
he was head of the music department.
New Organist at Stanford.
FRAUD ORDERS AGAINST
TWO MORE CONCERNS
Containing over 1700 In California and every
person, and concern In business in the State
arranged alphabetically in their respective
towns: also railroad fares, population, names of
all county officials, banking, etc. Indispensable
to the business man and lawyer. Informa
tion found in"-a moment that will take days
to obtain otherwise. A postal to Suits-Shu
man Company, 73S Mls-.Mon street, or phone
Red 6825, will bring agent with book for in
spection.- ; •
Suits-Shuman Company's State Direc
tory for 1904-1905.
The company in support is reasonably
good. Alf Helton as a cockney valet is
capital; Frank H. La Rue furnishes a
melodramatic villain with a melodra
matic outfit; Martha Mayo, a Cali
fornia girl, is the fair adventuress.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
The comedy comes in» in the atti
tude of the wonderful American hero,
Richard Hamilton, who, in the first
act, disguises himself as, the Russian
heroine's brother and is confidingly
accepted as such by the whole popula
tion of the play. Hamilton lets him
self In for all sorts of things by reason
of the disgulse-rfrom intrigue, nihil
ism, to the name. of Alexis Petrovitch.
Accept the possibility of the disguise,
however, and . you will have a good
time with "By Right of Sword." In
deed one can simply wallow In the con
fusion of the "skis" and "vitches" by
the American, who walks away with
all the honors of war while smoking a
cigar. He saves the life of the Czar
and "jollies" the villain with equal ur
banity. Even the solemn Judge, who
i3 to sentence him to death, is poked
in the ribs with his infinite jest.
There is plenty of other fun and a
thrill or two. The scene In the ob
servatory, where the imported German
anarchist turns on an electric switch
to derail the Czar's train, is excellent
good melodrama. Nor do I remember
a prettier fight than the sword play of
the second act. But there is not a dull
moment in the comedy. If the villain
is not on deck there is the adventuress,
both of the best old kind, with secret
police, military gentlemen, a rattling
good comedy valet, a plausible an
archist, a sugar and spice ingenue, all
doing things to amuse. And the
scenery is worthy of the somewhat
chromographic splendor of the play.
Ralph Stuart, who is pleasantly re
membered from Republic days, , is the
hero. -He. will be recalled as more of
the . romantic actor than a comedian,
and though he plays his part here with
spirit and notable sang-froid, his
comedy, from a not entire tempera
mental accord with the genre, be
comes sometimes slightly farcical. I
do not think, for example, that the
playrights three. Mrs.- Charles Dore
mus. Leonidas Westervelt and A. W.
Marchmont, would object to Mr.
Stuart's showing a slight seriousness
in the courtroom scene. The entire ab
sence of it conduces to. a not wholly
desirable mirth. But it is a dashing
and virile impersonation and Mr.
Stuart makes a very personable picture
and his fencing scene is worth s^fing
in itself.
At last the new thing in plays, the
comedy Russian, or rather 'the Rus
sian in comedy. He is appearing in
"By Right of Sword," a melodramatic
comedy presented by Ralph Stuart at
the California this week. One finds the
new order of things rather refresh
ing, if somewhat irreverent. Neither
does one mind its being not wholly
credible. There is a shy sort of sat
isfaction, a vicarious revenge on the
terrible Tartar, of the snow-soaked
drama we have so long- sat under, in
"By Right of Sword." Not that there
is not a hint of Siberia among the per
ils of the hero, a lively duel, and frank
fuss about some secret police machina
tions. But these things wear a rather
good natured than strenuous air. ex
cept in the frustration of the very up
to-date and thrilling attempt upon the
Czar's life.
The American Federation of Labor
petitioned that the City Hall dome be
Illuminated and the streets decorated
during its convention in this city on
November 14-27, 1904.
The ordinance fixing the width or
sidewalks on the north side of Clay
street, between Sansome and Battery,
at ten feet and on the south side at
eight feet was referred to the Street
Committee.
Supervisor Lunstedt withdrew his
proposed ordinance requiring streetcars
to stop on the near Fide of intersect
ing streets to prevent confusion. Lun-
Etedt explained that he had conferred
\u25a0with the railroad officials and they had
agreed to *>ost the following notice in
all the cars:
On and after November 15. 1904, all care will
•top to take on and let off passengers at the
»ear cross-walks of intersecting streets, except
where stop-signs or stop-plate* are displayed.
The ordinance formally adopting the
tai rate of 53.5 cents for State pur
poses was finally passed. The rate for
all purposes is {1-655, of which $1 12
is for city expenditures.
Permission was granted to Lung
Oong Kon to hold religious ceremonies
ut various places in Chinatown during
the comtng week.
Grades were ordered changed at
certain points on Mission street, France
and Italy avenues.
The ordinances declaring the track
mileage for assessment purposes of the
Southern Pacific, Central Pacific and
Pullman companies were, finally
passed.
The amended ordinance fixing rates
to be charged for automobiles at $3
for the first hour and $1 for each suc
ceeding half hour, the time to be com
puted for going and returning, including
detention ordered by passengers, was
passed to print. The ordinance is de
eigoed to put a stop to alleged exorbit
ant charges now in force.
WHERE CARS WILJj STOP.
The roadways of Fourteentn street
from Alpine to Castro, Hugo street be
tween First and Second avenues, I
ttreet between Fourth and Fifth ave
nues, Dovisadero street betwera Du-
Loce avenue and Fourteenth street and
Green between Devisadero and
Broderick were accpted.
A. resolution was passed to print or
dering street and sewer work in Park
Hill avenue, Tilden and South Broder
ick street. Twelfth avenus, Vallejo
street between Broderick and £5;iKer,
Eleventh avenue, Duboce avenue. Sev
enth avenue. Central avenue betv;eeu
<iolden Gate avenue and Turk, Waller
street between Clayton and Ashbury,
and De Haro street between Twenty
third and Twenty-fourth.
The amended ordinance providing
for an increase in the height limit of
fireproof buildings from 200 to 230
ftet was finally passed. The amend
ment will enable M. H. de Young to
build an addition of equal height to
hip building at Kearny and Market
streets.
A proposed ordinance, submitted by
Hocks, regulating the constructitm of
fireproof roofs and the repair of roofs
within certain limits and defining the
limits, was referred to the Fire Com
mittee. The ordinance provides that
when a roof shall have been damaged
to the extent of 40 per cent it shall be
repaired with fireproof materials only.
At Eggers' request the Board of
Works was requested a second time to
report on the condition of the Channel
etreet sewer and what steps are nec
essary to reconstruct it.
The Associated Oil Company was
granted permission to lay an oil pipe
line from its tanks on Seventeenth
street along Seventh street to a point
midway between Second aud Third
streets on Townsend street.
It U the decire of the board to return not
<•:.'.; the taxes paid under protest, but also
tfcose paid without protest. The protested
payments should be refunded at once and
the Lerislature will be memorialized to pass
an enabling act. sriving us the necessary power
to return the taxes to those who did not
Cle rrotests. In the event that the City At
terney advises that we cannot legally return
the taxes not protested.
A resolution to that effect was
adopted.
ROOFS TO BE FIREPROOF.
Supervisor Brandenstein said
The Board of Supervisors yesterday,
acting on the recommendation of the
Finance Committee, took steps to re
fund the special taxes of 13 cents levied
two years agro for new schools and a
hospital since declared invalid by the
Supreme Court. Of the taxes collected
nbout 5340.000 was paid under formal
protest whale $240,000 was paid without
protest. The board adopted ihe fol
lowing resolution on the subject rela
tive to the suits instituted by taxpay
ers for the recovery of the taxes paid:
ResolvfdL That the City Attorney be and
he is hT*by authorized and directed to per
sJt Judgment to be taken by stipulation with
out costs ot tuit or interest on the amount
claimed, against the City and County of San
Francisco, upon presentation to him. of the
original tax receipt of the Tax Collector of
thic city and county for the amount allowed,
or a. duplicate thereof istued by said Tax
Collector, in the event of the loss or de
struction of such tax receipt in favor of the
plalntlffK in the actions.
E. P. E. Troy appeared before the
committee with a long list of ques
tions which he desired the United
Railroads to answer. Troy alleged that
the company was turning from Post
into Kearny and from Eighth avenue
into D street without having permits
or franchises for the same. The com
mittee decided to take up the matter
next Thursday at 11 a. m.
Replying to Brandenstein's charge
that the petition had not been made in
good faith, "School Director Altmann
said that the matter had been brought
to the attention of his board by the
principal of the Polytechnic High
School, who said that white pupils had
to be excluded from work at the lathes
because of the previous enrollment of
Japanese pupils.
Roncovieri produced a number of
bills for gas furnished the public
schools, which he said his board had
held up because they were double what
the city was paying for gas in other
departments. The committee directed
the appearance of the gas company's
representatives to explain the alleged
excessive charges.
School Director Boyle submitted a
statement showing that there are 2S8
Japanese, 66 Chinese and 2 Korean pu
pils attending the public schools. The
enrollment at the Chinese school is 161.
In the high schools are 51 Japanese
pupils.
"I am weary of this humbug."
"You can apply the gag-rule if you
choose," said Roncovieri Indignantly.
"With you rests the responsibility of
any accidents in outhouses such as
happened in the East a few days ago,
or from bad results owing to unsani
tary conditions. If you had allowed
us enough money last June we would
not be here to-day asking you for ad
ditional funds."
D'Ancona said that the board could
not stand for any possibility of an ac
cident, but thought all formalities
should be waived and. money allowed
from the urgent necessity fund to re
pair the flooring in schoolhouses so as
to prevent children from falling into
the vaults. Roncovieri thought it
would be a waste of money to patch
the floors up, as it would cost $85,000
to repair ' the vaults. It was finally
agreed that the School Directors secure
estimates of the cost of doing such re
pairs as would prevent accidents.
"It is ridiculous to send a communi
cation of this kind to the Supervisors,"
said D'Ancona, "as the funds were all
apportioned last June and the only
fund available now is the urgent ne
cessity fund, which is being rapidly
exhausted. We have no authority to
prescribe where children shall- be edu
cated, and I move that the Board of
Supervisors be advised that it has no
authority to provide for the establish
ment of separate schools for Japanese
children."
President Roncovleri of the Board of
Education said he wanted to correct
some mlsstatements made by D'Anco
na, but he had not proceeded very far
when Brandenstein said:
D'Ancona said the petition of the
School Board was similar in character
to the barricading of the Phelan pave
ment by the Board of Works and was
done for political effect.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday denied the petition of the
Board of Education that funds be pro
vided for the establishment of an in
dependent school for Japanese pupils.
Several Japanese, with the members
of the School Board, were present at
the meeting.
The committee was not long in de
ciding that the Supervisors were pow
erless at this time to establish the
separate school, claiming that the mat
ter rested with the Board of Educa
tion.
Ralph Stuart as the Hero
Performs Prodigies of Val
or in the Land of the Czar
Supervisors Finally Pass
Ordinance Regulating the
Charges for 3Iotor Cars
Declares Responsibility for
Accidents Rests With
Board That Refuses Funds
Patrolman F. M. Black arrested
Clarence Zafif, a soldier, for annoying
women at the ocean beach and stated
that military mashers are becoming
quite a nuisance out there. The son
of Mars will be sentenced to-day by
Judge Mogan. i
• • •
Mark Augenblich will ' be sentenced
next -Saturday for having sold liquor
in his store at Jackson and Polk streets
after his license had been revoked. Hp.
averred" that he did not know of the
revocation. .
Three milkmen arrested for violating
the new ordinance which prohibits the
conveyance of lacteal fluid in uncovered
vehicles informed Judge Mogan that it
was impossible to comply with the law
without visiting great hardship on both
dairymen and consumers. They were
advised to lay their. plaint before the
Board of Supervisors and the cases
were continued in order to give them
time to do so.
• • • •
G. M. Stevenson and H. S. Brown,
electricians, appeared before Judge Mo
gan with? badly battered faces and it
was explained that they were arrested
while fighting with two unknowns in a
saloon at Golden Gate avenue and Fill
more streets last Saturday j evening.
One of them broke a bottle of vermouth
and when the bartender asked that he
be paid $1 damages the fight began.
Sentence to-day.
wich, but Mr. Ballinger dissuaded him
by : pronouncing the tamales kept in
that particular establishment of de
fective quality. The disparaging criti
cism was overheard by Theodore Loss,
proprietor of the place, and at the.con
clusion of the three-cornered fight that
ensued the two butchers found them
selves in custody. Judge Cabaniss, how
ever, considered them entitled to dis
missal on the .ground that any res
taurant patron has a right to criticize
the quality of the food set before him.
Phil McKittrick and William Bal
linger, butchers, ordered hamburger
sandwiches in a Ninth-street restau
rant" and when the viands "were: served
Mr. McKittrick expressed a: desire 'to
have a tamale substituted for his sand-
Julia Grant was singing "Hannah.",
with appropriate dancing accompani
ment, when Patrolman Skelly' arrested
her at 11 o'clock last Sunday morning
on Fourth street, near Howard. Folk
returning from worship were horrified
by Julia's vocal and terpslchorean
performance, but it was of mild sinful
ress as compared with her . conduct
after the law's heavy hand was laid
upon her. Judge Mogan gave her six
months.
Thomas Moore averred he could trace
blood relationship to the Irish bard of
that name, and even offered to quote
fifteen stanzas • of "Lalla Rookh" if
Judge Ccnlan would like to hear them.
Judge Conlan declined the offer, . in
formed Elocutionist Thomas Moore that
he was a -hopeless and oft convicted
vagrant and sentenced him to six
months' imprisonment..
Hot Box Suey, a forlorn looking Chi
nese, denied that he was attempting to
cc-mmit arson when a policeman caught
him in the act of starting a bonfire
upon a wooden floor .and against a
wooden partition in a Washington
street rookery. His defense, as filtered
through an interpreter, was to the ef
fect that several years ago, while em
ployed at an Alaska salmon fishery, he
acquired a cold which has clung to
him ever since, and that it was with
intent to mellow his chronic chill, and
with no incendiary motive, that he
made the blaze which might have, re
sulted in the destruction of Chinatown
if it had not been quenched in Its in
cipiency. Judge Mogan opined that
prison would be a good place for Hot
Box Suey to nurse his cold, and prom
ised to fix the term to-day.
"At the same time, your Honor,"
said the Acting Chief to 1 Judge Cab
aniss. "I would like to have the public
notified through the press that only
in case of fire or a collision between
trains or street cars is it legal to call
out the Fire Department. Many; good
citizens apparently labor under the de
lusion that the department may be
summoned to serve as a pumping corps
in the event of flood, and I would like
to have them understand that they
are mistaken as to the scope of the de
partment's functions."
The case against Mr. Meyerfleld was
then dismissed.
Acting Fire Chief Dougherty, who
had Herbert G. W. Meyerfield arrested
for summoning the department to
pump out a flooded cellar, accepted the
defendant's plea that neither mischief
nor malice prompted the turning in of
the alarm. •
Grace McNaughton also settled a
case out of court and then sent notifi
cation to Judge Conlan that she would
like to have him order the delivery to
a pawnbroker of a certain ring, the
possession of which was in dispute.
The Judge, however, informed the
young woman's attorney that the ring
would not be given up to anybody un
till she appeared in person and ex
plained what she meant by utilizing the
court as an intimidatory machine.
After dismissing the case of the
Auto Livery Company against L. J.
Crowell, who was charged with having
refused to pay $25 \u25a0 automobile hire,
Judge Mogan. expressed regret that
Max Rosenfeld. the chief complainant,
was not in court to hear something,
concerning himself.
"Several months ago," said his
Honor, "this man Rosenfeld, as fore
man of the Grand Jury, took occa
sion to censure this court, alleging
that I dismissed too many cases with
out considering their merits or consult
ing the public welfare. His comments
were published in two newspapers, and
I went -before the Grand Jury and re
futed them and challenged him -to sub
stantiate a single one of his statements.
That challenge was never taken up,
and I heard no more of Mr. Rosenfeld
until, last ..Thursday, when he, .ap
proached this bench and requested that
I dismiss the case in which he as man
ager of th.e Auto Livery Company was
complainant and L. J. Crowell the de
fendant. He stated that as Mr. Grow
ell's mother had paid the 525 he had no
further desire to press the case. In
other words, Mr. ' Rosenfeld asked me
to do the very thing which he had cen
sured me far doing while he was fore
man of the Grand Jury. He tried to
use this court as a collection agency.
In dismissing this case I want to have
It understood that my action is, not
pompted by Mr. Rosenfeld's appeal,
but because I consider the defendant a
decent gentleman who resented what
he sincerely regarded as an attempt to
extort."
After the children of Lawrence Mur
phy, cattle buyer, had quarreled with
the offspring of Daniel J. Leahy, con
tractor, the mother oft the Murphy
youngsters and the maternal relative
of- the Leahy Juveniles clashed and
then the two husbands and fathers
mixed In. It was an interfamily con
flict when the arrests were made.
Mr. Leahy testified before Police
Judge Cabaniss that Mr. Murphy
struck him on the head with a slung
shot, but. Mr. Murphy averred that his
only weapons were his rists. He also
insinuated that he would not consider
himself much of a man if he felt it
necessary to resort to the use of dead
ly, weapons in order to defeat Mr.
Leahy. The insinuation brought ' a
smile of admiring approval to the
countenance of Mrs. Murphy, but Mrs.
Leahy did not seem to relish it, nor
did it serve to traifquilize the acerbi
tous facial expression of Mr: Leahy.
Each family, accused the other of
having provoked and pressed the fight
and the testimony was so very con
flicting that the Judge candidly con
fessed inability to ascertain with any
degree of exactness where the primal
responsibility rested.. Mr. Murphy's
story was the clearest. He was "enjoy
ing a post-prandial snooze, he said, at
his home, 3124 Twenty-fifth street,
when sounds of \u25a0 warfare wafted
through an open window and awaken
ed him. Identifying- some of the an
gered voices as belonging to his house
hold, he leaped from his couch and,
without taking time to don • either
shoes or coat, flew to the scene of
strife. There he found his progeny
holding its own against the - Leahy
ditto, but opposing his better half were
both Mr. and Mrs. Leahy. "What else
could any man in his place do than the
thing he did? He smote Mr. Leahy,
but not with a slungshot. The accusa
tion that his hand contained aught but
fingers when it i landed upon' Mr.
Leahy's . head only served to convict
the accuser of malice most unscrupu
lous. Would the court kindly remem
ber that? ',-
Without promising to remember any
thing, the court dismissed the case.
ABOUNDS IN ROMANCE
FIX AUTOMOBILE RATES
ROXCOVIERI INDIGNANT
Those Protested to Be Re
funded at Once and Rest
Will Be Granted j Relief
Supervisors Say They Have
Neither Power Nor Money
for Separate Institution
"By Eight of Sword" at the
California Cleverly Com
bines Fun and Excitement
Offspring of Cattle Buyer Murphy Clash
f With Progeny of Contractor Leahy and
Mothers and Fathers Become Involved
RDSSIAN C0MEDY
FULL OF THRILLS
SPECIAL TAXES
TO BE REPAID
REFUSE SCHOOL
FOR JAPANESE
CHILDREN START INTERFAMILY
FIGHT THAT LEADS TO ARRESTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1904.
1 \u25a0 We want to print your next booklet. ' Ed
1-ward Knowlea Company, 24 Second street. \u25a0
14
DOUBLE
"VALUE DAY"
The Time to Make Your
Dollar Do Double Duty.
Every Garment Advertised To-Day
Marked to Sell at Just y 2
Its Regular Price.
THIS IS ONE OF OUR WAYS IN ATTrtACT-
. ING THE CROWDS.
HERE ARE THE PRICES
THAT WILL DP THE WORK
WOMEN'S 1 J ew Z sty 'w%t!r
WAIQTC weight WAISTS in
VIMIOIO . red. blue and black
« tasr polka . dot effect.
Xk/> Full graceful pouch
TTtlV J front
PI iUMFI CTTC V Women's FLAN-
rLANIICLC lit NELE tj E GOWNS
fiflWN^ i" P ink a/ >d white
UU " n ° - and blue and, white
g~^ mm stripes. Trimmed in
2S£\C 9ood. washable
*->****' j braid.
RUNABOUT 1 Here ' 8 an 'deal
cJiDTC RUNABOUT SKIRT.
CM Mo Bottom finished with
several rows of tail-
*7Pi.f* or stitching. Instep
tOV length.
m WHITE PETTI-
MIICI IU COATS, made with
mUoLIll very deep flounce,
n CTTIOn »TC trimmed with 2 rows
1 L I 1 1 UUA I O .of torchon lace inser-
tion and clustered
. *7E?s<+ hemstitched tucks
• <Q finished with ruffle of
torchon lace; ' deep
- \u25a0 ..- ' J dust ruffle. . .
GIRLS' 1 WHITE LAWN
ADDONS APRONS. Straps
Mr null 0 . trimmed in lace. Bib
\Qk j~+ of embroidery. Sizes
Ic/C' - J 6 to 14 years.
I HIM! A S " a P f0r tO-
LAWN day's shoppers:
V I tf n M A c These kimonas come
Mm UN Ad \u25a0 in oil colors and
1 sizes. Trimmed with
4\r+ wide border of lawn.
tJ\j Graceful kimona
;--' ; ' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0"-• sleeves. '<\u25a0"'-': \u25a0
Don't Fail to Visit Our
H WAIST,""SKIRT" and "CHIL-
DREN'S COAT DEPART-,
MENTS."
There'll be
"BIG SURPRISE BARGAINS"
To Greet You on Every Side
MARK^BRpS.
S ' The Home of; Honest Values
1220-.1224 [MARKET STREET
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
A. Short Cut
to Health
If you want to enjoy
vigorous health take
1 lamf^^ W StS^ tS4 Bflrjl J*r =-pj tEctS TOU
They are a veritable short cut
to lasting ek.nd perfect health.
Sold everywhere in Boxes, 10c and 25c
# * PRAGEBS
On Every Purchase
Of $1.00 or Over
There WiU Be
"Something Doing"
Xo the Amount* of
$1.00 Free
4L> 420^ J& mm ML
Paon Velvet. Black Taffeta.
AO/» A YARD— Persian Striped flQ/* A YARD— 36-inch Guaran-
yA| Paon Velvet, in light and UKl teed Black Taffeta Silk for
JKjyj dark effects.- They are J coats or suits. An extra
suitable for waists, fronts or heavy quality. This price is
trimmings. This material sells regularly $1.25.
at our silk counter for $1.50 a _ - , _ . - _ .
yard. Infants' Crocheted Jackets
... f «. »*. (Second Floor.)
Women S dKirtS. r\r * Infants' Crocheted Jackets.
f\Qn Women's Crocheted Skirts, /M made of soft two-thread
UaI made of good strong yarn. " - * /Vf wool; finished at the neck
y uv They are cut £ ulI and extra w j th t j n y cor( j an( j tassel. The
long, with crocheted yoke; fin- colors are cream and blue,
ished at the bottom with shell cream and pink and all cream,
scallops; in bright combination Th ev are worth 35c each,
stripe effects. Worth $1.25 each. -*- .. - ,
• Children s
Wool Poplin. • Crocheted Skirts.
This is a black wool Poplin, the ( -n Children's Crocheted Skirts
best fabric ot its kind made. We \\\r with or without waists at-
haye two widths at the following JV^ tached. They come in
P riccs: pretty light shades, such as
40 inches 75c t cream, pink, blue and scarlet.
52 inches $1.00 . Regulafly sold for 75c.
JAIAVASTS RELIABLE j
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^
All the Shopping Inducements that have
made this store popular ore still here.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DICKERING
PIANO
riniiu
The oldest piano in America
and the best in the world,
combining perfection of tone
with excellence of con-
struction.
We are displaying a splen-
did assortment of
Quarter-Grands
benj. CURTAZ&- son
CHICKEHING AOEIICr
16 OTarrcll SL, San Francisco
jGunMetal]
iCentemeri]
I (stoves I
1 *I5O j
I Salesroom 200 Post St I